
r 

The Candidates 

O'Connor Plugged Again 'Other Primates' ... 
by Mark Stadler $11,000 a year pdid four percent 

Senator Henry M Jackson (D- of its in ome for energy a year 
Wash .), appearing Friday in San ago and pays nine perc(>nt today. 
Diego to plug congressional jackson assailed the Ford anti-
hope ful Colleen O 'Connor , inflationary program, saying it 

(harged that the failure of the has be n "ridicu led by leading 
ford administration to devise Republi ca n economists" and 
policies to control oil prices flatly ailing it " a joke." 
wou ld lead to economic disaster. 

jackson's appearance at the 
press conference and luncheon at 

He called Ford's campaign 
~trategy of warning against a veto 
proof Congress " desp rat 

Continued on Page 6 

Blumberg at 
UN Meeting 

... in the 

HaVing one's shoelace un-
don by a playful lUV nile 
baboon is not in the usual day's 
work for an anthropologist. Yet 
uch an Incld nt highlights the 
level ot acceptance that one 
anthropoligist, Shirley Strum, 
had gained with a troop of 
baboons in the high savannas of 
Kenya . 

Better Data Collection 
Strum, a visiting professor in 

the UCSD Department of An-
thropology, spent 18 months 
studying a 64-m mber troop of 
baboons for her doctoral thesis 
Unlike jane Goodal and the 
chipanzees, or Diane Fossey and 
gorillas, Strum did not seek 
acceptance in this troop Her 
idea was to follow them on foot, 
thus improvin g the quality of 
data collection . Previous data 
on baboons had been gathered 

realized thiS SOCial acceptance 
In fact, near the end of her stay, 
she cou ld Sit qUietly taking 
notes while a baboon from the 
troop would Sit less than two 
feet from her, probably milZing 
a few observations as well 

" Was I fearful? Yes and no. I 
think I was a little foolhardy 
Male baboons are very fearsome 
looking, with long canine teeth 
But once you understand the 
right rules of conduct for 
baboons, there is little danger" 

Henry Jackso~ 

A Third College fa("ulty 
member is one of three 
Americans attending a Unit d 
Nations onference in Egypt on 
" Rural Development, Population 
and the role of Women " 

Dr Rae Lesser Blumberg, 
acting associate professor of 

S from the confines of a zoo or avannas from .the seat ~f a vehicle follOWing the animals In the 

One of these correct rules of 
conduct Involved her reaction 
when a display of aggression 
between two males occurred 
near her. The initial reaction 
was to turn and run, a typical 
female baboon reaction as well . 
But Strum felt she had a ,ob to 
do so she b gan to model her 
reaction after that of a male 
baboon uninvolved in the 
aggression display, by slowly 
turning her head away, and then 
her body, as If to say, " ThiS does 
not affect me " thE' US Grant Hotel was the latest 

of Jackson's attempts to establish 
hlm~e lf as the Democratic 
trontrunner for the 1976 
pres idential nomination . 

Jackson punctuated his sharp 
attac ks on the Ford ad-
minis tration with praise for 
O'Connor, calling her the kind of 
pl'rson needed in Congress 
because she "supports the effort 
to cut oil prices." 

Oil Costs 
Jackson is noted for his attacks 

on exorbitant oil industry' profits, 
I)IS lack of trust for Russia and his 
low regard for Ford's attempts to 
battle inflation. Last rriday he 
continued along those lines. 

HIS main emphasis was on the 
Issue of oir costs, commenting, 
"Oil costs affect everything we 
buy That's why shoes, clothes, 
food, gas, heating oil, electricity 
and pven chool upp~es have 

~on(> through the roof ." 
Jack on harg d th ilt en rgy 

\hortag£'<; wpre one of the causes 
of Inflation Hp pointed out that 
Ihr average faml!y earning 

From HEW 

ociology, will be in Cairo until 
November 3 participating in the 
meeting, which is sponsored by 
the UN's Food A gricultural 
Organization . The conference 
began Saturday. 

Discussions will focus on ideas 
for solving world food supplies 
problems, increasing the in-
volvement of women In the 
economies of developing 
countries and controlling 
population growth in those areas. 

More than 20 countries will be 
represented at the meeting, with 
the majority of participants from 
the Middle East. In addition to Dr. 
Blumberg, the US delegation will 
include two individuals from the 
State Department's Agency for 
I nternational Development. 

"Most development program 
are creating a need for more labor 
and therefore women are en-
couraged to have large families, " 
hI' said "This (onference IS th 

fir<;t u h program ("oncentratlng 
on that problem and the in-
terrelationship of development 
arid t-he role of women " 

of Kenya 

by Mary Pat Huxley 

wild . She also intended to avoid 
the problem that her presence 
might modify the troop ' s 
behavior. 

Black and white photographs 
of baboons on the walls of th 

"W~s I fearful? Yes and no . I think I was a little foolhardy . 
Male baboons are very fearsome looking , with long canine 
teeth . But once you understand the nght rules of conduct for 
baboons, there is little danger. " 

"Of cours , I didn't realize 
until later that , b(>cau e I was 
another primate, I had to be 
placed somewhere In their 
ocial sy tem, " hpald, adding 

that he realized a spatia l ac-
(pptan e In the troop before she 

anthropologl t 's office gl e 
mute testimony of her OJourn 
In Kenya One photograph I of 
the abandoned house", here sh 
and another woman graduat 

Continued on Page 6 

Dunn Named to Med School Position Unit Price Bill Heard 
Marvin R. Dunn, M .D., former Deputy Director .of 

the Health, Education and Welfare Department's 
Bureau of Health ReSOurces Development has been 
:n~med .AssoclateoQean for.Academic Affairs at the 
UCSD Medical School. 

The Health Resources Bureau is the major 
provider of the federal government's support for 
ed u~ational programs in medicine, nursing, 
cfen~lstry, veterinary medicine, and pharmacy. The 
nationa l Regional Medical Program, Com-
prehensive Health Planning, and the Hill-Burton 
Program which supports hospital construction are 
also under the Bureau's administration. 

In his position ·UCSD, Dunn will be involved in 
th.e expansion of the medical shcool's affiliations 
With other health care institutions. Increases in the 
school's lass size have necenitated finding a wider 
range of t~aining and clinicfl opportunit.ies. for the 
~tudents, tnterns and resid nts. 

Dunn also hopes to increa the school's Primary 
Care program to mret the growing demand for 
phYSIcians trained in this specialty Primary Care is 
the f,rst contact the physician has with the patient. 
It Involves thl' diaRnosis and treatment of common 

problems, and referral of patients to other 
specialists, if necessary. When treatment by the 
specialist is completed, however, the ' patient 
returns to his Primary Care physician for cOlltinuing 
care. 

Dunn sees a further area of concern as " the need 
to develop new programs and expand existing 
programs in allied health fields - both to meet the 
needs of the San Diego community, as well as to 
integrate such training with that of the medical 
students. Many such programs are already in 
existence, based at institutions other than UCSD 
but utilizing the medical school's dinical 
facilities." 

Besides his responsibilities at the School of 
Medicine, Dunn is a consultant to the Department 
of Health, Education and Welfare, the World 
Health Organization, and a member of the r('view 
panel of the United States-Israel Binational SCI nce 
foundation 

Dunn received h,s undergraduate degrE'e from 
Hardin-Simmons University, and his medIcal degrel' 
from thl' University of Texa outhwestern Meetl al 
School. 

By Assembly Committee 
A proposal that would require California supermarkets to \0 tall 

" u.nit pricing" in their stores, developed by CALPIRG, was considered 
last Wednesday by the Assembly Commerce and Public Utilities 
Committee. 

Two of the nine committee members were present. The committee 
met at San Diego State University to hear testimony on the bill in-
troduced last April by Assemblyman Larry Kapiloff. ' 

The bill (A84028), which will have to be reintroduced in thl! next 
session of the legislature, would require i!1J large supermarkets t~ unit 
orice most of thelritems-thls is, to IIsfthe (O)t per pound, quart, etc 10 
etddition to the total item price This would enable shoppers to more 
easily compare relative costs of various sizes and brand~ of a product 
"Small stores would be exempt from the bill ' , reqUIrements. 

Testifying on the bill were, in addition to Kaplloff, Dan Franklin 
CALPIRG Director, Fight Inflation Togethel Chairman Ruth Yannatta' U~SD economics pr~fessor Clive Granger, Leo Mulcahy of th a~ 
Diego Coun~ .. Council of Older Am riuo ... 00 two tudent from 
DSU . Merle Goddard, repre nting the allforma ro rs 

A ociation, testified again t the measure 
The two mcmbt'rs of the COfTlmltt In att ndance wert")8 Ie Fenton 

of Montebe!lo and Robert Badham of Orange ounty Th chairman 
Walter Powers, wa defeated \0 the primary for r -('Ie tlon, and other' 
were campaIgning 

" I am glad that thp (ommlttt'P. and the people who attended, had a 
chance to hf'ar thE' ~ro and c n~ of the unit pricing bIll," aId rrankltn 
He rioted that Kaplloff WIll re·mtrodu e the bill. a umm& hire-
t·lected 



Soviet Jews, Detente and Scoop Jackson: Two Views 
BY GERALD STEINBERG BY JAMES G. SOTO 

Two ProbietM Two years ago, Senator Henry Jackson of 
Washington introduced an amendment to a Nixon 
Administration trade bill The amendment granted 
a Most Favored Nation (MfN) status to the Soviet 
Unton contingent upon relaxation of Soviet 
restrictions on jewish emigration . At the time, the 
u.s. Government was firmly committed to the 
policy of " Detente," which primarily has come to 
mean increased trade between Moscow and the 
U.S. The Nixon Administration's only ac-
(omplishments were in the area of foreign policy 
and central to that policy was detente. The Russians 
needed MfN status to secure large public loans and 
private credit guarantees to strengthen their weak 
economy. 

For two years, Congress demanded concessions 
from the Soviets with respect to Jewish emigration 
demands. Last week, an agreement of sorts was 
announced and the Jackson-Vanek amendment to 
the trade bill was accepted by the Ford Ad-
ministration. lhe Soviet Union will have MFN 
status for eighteen months, during which· time Ford 
and Secretary of State Kissinger will be responsible 
for monitering Soviet compliance with Jewish 
emigration quotas. 

Thre million RUSSians, who carry identification 
(ards stamped " Jewish" in ·t!le blank marked 
"Nationality" are responSible for slowing detente 
for two years. These Jews have surv{ved czarist 
pogroms, the Holocaust of the eeond World War 
and the official anti-semitism of the Communist 
government they were 0 instrumental in bringing 
into ('xi tence . Until 1949, it was generally assum('d 
that they had been totally a slmilated Into Soviet 
Society; a logical assumption conSidering that they 
had not been allowed to pray at synagogues, read 
Hebrew or Yiddish books and news~apers , get 
matLah on Passover, send tJ1eir children to learn 
Torah or train rabbis for two generations. However, 
when Golda Mel[ first arrived in Moscow as the- first 

from Israel thousands came to greet 
her, and the Soviet governm nt and the wor ld 
became aware that the three million Jews of RUSSia 
hadn't allowed themselves the luxury of 
assimilation . 

In the Sixties, especially follOWing the Six-day 
War of 1967, the total Russian embrace of the Arab 
cause and the beginning of detente, we learned 
more about the three million. They publish 
news pap rs, learn Hebrew and bake matlah 
underground. They occasionally [lrotest in Red 
quart' and get arrpstpd . Pravda periodically prints 

savagely anti-Jewish articlE'S and there were the 
now famous Leningrad show trial to scare the jews 

Yet more and more travelers to Moscow reported 
that far from being ared, the young jews were 
becoming bolder. Annual mass Simchat Torah 

~ elpbrations, in defiance of the KGB we&e attended 
by thousands and sometime during this period, they 
tarted to apply for emigratior.l permits for Israel. 

Amidst thiS turmoil , young American Jews began 
organlling politically, mirroring the increased 
militancy of Soviet je"'fs. The Jewish Defense 
League staged a number of demonstrations to 
attract attention to the cause of Soviet jewry. 
Massive lobbying was initiated to pressure Nixon to 
put pressure on BrehLnev to I t the jews out. In 
response, prominent assimilat d American jews 
were brought out warnings that Soviets were 

dlspl Ja~ed with such lobbying. Henry Kissinger, 
caut oped against givi ng the Kr mlln an excuse to 
tighte -up even more on the jews, as if an xcuse 
were ~ver needed. Throughout jewish history from 

'lie 1 Triton Times oct., 28, 1974 

josephus during the Roman period two thousand 
years ago to the Cerman Holocaust, the theory of 
being quiet "50 things don't get worse" has been 
proven bankrupt. Having learned from their ex-
perience in the anti-war movement that only 
repeated use of political power, and lIot polite 
( hats over tea can bring about a change in the 
power structure, Jewish activists maintained their 
pressure. The e(tort paid off and from 1970 to 1973 
the Soviet Union quietly allowed 100,000 Jews to 
emigrate to Israel. 

A second major dividend of Jewish political 
efforts was the Jackson amendment. There are 
many speculations as to Jackson's motivations. 
Jackson has long been opposed to detente, seeing it 
as predominantly benefiting the Soviet Union. The 
issue of the jews was a good way to slow detente's 
progress. In addition, jackson is a leading con-
tender for the Democratic presidential nomination, 
and some analysts see an obvious play for the 
Jewish vote. (This is highly implaUSible, since 
Jackson's unfailing support for Israel has already 
given him the J~wish vote and further identification 
with jewish causes may result in a backlash .) 
Jackson's primary achievement has ' been to em-
barrass Kissinger, for the Secretary of State has 
repeatedly stated that the only result of attempts to 
influence Soviet internal policy will be increased 
repression . Ja~kson has shown that the RUSSians are 
willing tf) conform to an agreem nt which ex-
changes goods and services for increased human 
rights . This opens the door to nemands for further 
increa es in the civil and human rights of other 
oppressed groups. 

The agreement announcement last week was 
couched in very vague terms. The Russians, who 
have never admitted that thousands of Jews (the 
Oct. 22 LA Times quotes sources who claim one 
million would leave if allowed to) have requested 
exit visas, said nothing. Kissinger has agreed to 
report on Russian complian e with the agreement, 
although precisely what compliance would consist 
of is unclear. Senator jackson has set a 60,000 
person minimum and an end to harrassment of 
applicants. While the White House denies that 
there is a fixed quota, an Israeli offi ial quoted 
KiSSinger as expecting a number like 60,000 
pmigrants. Soviet Ambassador Dobrynin has ml.'t 
With KiSSinger and reportedly agreed to the terms . 

• YPI despite th(> agrpernen t, last week SoviN 
Jewish Physl .ist Victor Polsky was convicted of 
" reckless driVing" After a show trial , he was let off 
With a light fine, and of course the usual warning. A 
few hundred sc lentists and artists have lost th~ir 
jobs and suffer from recurring viSits from the KGB 
after haVing been refus d eXit visas (they ca ll 
themselves " refusniks "J A number of jews are now 
awaiting trial on ( harges of hooliganism and 
parasitism. On September 30, 800 Russian jews 
we;e stoned by police in Kiev when they tried to 
erec t a memOrial at Babi Yar, a concentration camp 
in which hundred~ of thousands of Russian jews 
were slaughtered during the Holo aust I n sum, 
there is as yet no evidence of change in Sovi t 
poliCY. 

With the rassage of the ja kson amendment,the 
battle for survival of Soviet j ewry is not over. Not 
one more jew has been allowed out, and not one 
jew who wishes to stay a Soviet citiLen has been 
allowed the right to live unharrassed as a Jew. Until 
that time comes, tht> Soviet Union will continue to 
be plagued by internal and external "Jewish" 
problems. 

In response to the article on the plight of Soviet Jewry by Gerald 
Steinberg; I believe it is necessary that one look at two additional 
problems not covered by the author before accepting his 
arguments. 

The first problem that one should consider is that the Jewish 
population of the U .sSR. is not the only oppressed minority in that 
Communist state. The second problem being that our involvement 
in the Soviet Jewish question seems to be predicated on a blatantly 
political motivation rather than an especially human one. 

While not denying the excellent points brought up by Mr. 
Steinberg; I believe entirely too much emphasis has been placed on 
the Jewish minority in the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union and their 
historical predecessor, Clarist Russia, have long practiced universal 
ethnic repression which has sometimes degenerated into genocide 
From the Mongolian people inhabiting Siberia to the Caucasian 
peoples In South Russia, there has been a systematic effort to 
oppress ethnic minorities. There have been cases of entire ethnic 
minorities being erradicated by the Soviet Union : note the Crimpan 
Tartars and the Cossacks. Wherever there has been opposition to 
the totalitarian programs in the Soviet Union there has been an 
increase in the "normal" amount of repressio" inherent In the 
Russian regime. 

Univerwl Repression 

ertain ly the Lithuanians have no deSIre to remain a rart of tht> 
Soviet I:mpire yet they manage to survive without mass ive amounts 
of American pressure to releast> them from the Soviet grip. A few 
years ago a Lithuanian sai lor jumped his ship at sea and defected to 
a nearby United tates Coast Guard utter However he was ml' kly 
given back to Soviet authorities by an administration Illore 111-
terested in maintaining good relations with Russia rather than In 
pursuing freedoms . A recent National Review editorial rev(>alen that 
many AIllNican (itizens ar trapped," the Soviet Union and th(> 
Rus iah governmC'nt has refused to let them (oml' back to Anwrlca. 
DE' pite the lack of a legitimate reason by the U.s.S.R to holn the~1' 
American Citi zens, the Sta te D!'partml'nt under H('nry "Don't Upset 
the Apple (art" Kiss inger hasn' t seen fit to pursue Anwrlcan in 
terests 

The oviet Union has n('ver been one of the world trend sett<'fS In 
frp~·dom of religion . The Russian governm('nt, purrf'n on by It~ 
atlwisti ideo logy, has follow d a policy of equality with rpgarcis to 
rr ligion. They r('press all rC'llgious a tlvlty with thl' sam£' fprvor . 
Whether it be Russian Orthodoxism, Islam, or JudaIsm, there has 
been a general and continuous policy of harassment 

·Whilp I (ould rerhaps apprpciate Senator ja(kson's (oncprn If It 
WPrP for all people living In thp SovlN Union, he has fo used all 1m 
attC'ntlOn on lust one minority. 

Political Motiv .. tion 

Henry Jackson is rl ,. ming for Prpsident, and unfortunately for th .. 
Krym Tartars ann the Lithuanians there are not very many of thmc' 
kmd of voters in the United Stat s. The Jewish peorle in tim 
(ountry ompris(' an a tive and prosperous proportion of thc' 
D mocratic party, and Ja kson, often referred td as th(> Spnator 
from Boeing, has tried to court the j ewish vote in hiS bid for 
[lresidential power. The trend is obvious, and it is a clear cut on(' 
jackson has sold out to spec ial intere ts, albeit large specia l in· 
IN sts 

I often wonder whether Jackson has considered the mnsequencps 
of large numbers of Jewish people leaving the Soviet Union. r 
course, most of them must settle in Israel Without judgenwnts 
being made one way or the oth'r on the Pal'stinian question, I 
question the wisdom of sending more people into Israel. This Will 
obviously aggrevate the political tensions inherent in the Holy 
Land. In other words, Jackson would allow the Arabs to be om!' 
more and more disenchanted with our dangerous foreign policy just 
so he can have the pleasure of facing another "giant" of rational 
foreign policy, Gerald ford, for the Presidency. 

'TNI WAT IIII IT, " DIAL .... WITM TN. COMMIU WILL •• , OUII'IIIC. U,. TllArl 
'N ...... OOOID, '.n....,..,.I .. , ALL-AMIIUCM wa'll' 

Boring, Yet Dull 
To be 'at large' an hour after 

neadline on Sunday afternoon 
call be a little disconcerting. 
Some subject or another has 
always presented Itself in the nick 
of time, albeit sometimes 
somewhat trivial or empty. Jack 
Smith of the LA Times can write 
with great warmth and humor 
about reading a dictionary or 
cleaning his garage-but lacking 
his ability, a garage, and having 
misplaced . my dictionary, am I 
relegated to describing the act of by John TAylor 
Popping a pimple, and the 
subsequent stream of pus dow!) 
my mirror? 

Of course not: I go 'to UCSD-it is a big place, with at least 4000 
people on campus this afternoon. Set out, young man. Find a janitor 
who dabbles in oils and translates obscure work s of Xenophon, or 
maybe square dance. 

Oh, well. I realized as the office door closed behind me that I had 
never set out with as little hope before. 

I had at one point considered writing about the people who spend 
portions of their spare time playing frisbee golf. However, when I 
found two of them yesterday, they were sitting on a ledge, waiting for a 
car to move so they could throw their frisbees at a red fire box. 

I knew immediately I couldn't milk a word out of that. I was 
beginning to consider returning to the office and writing a two-page 
discourse on technology and the metropolis, a subject about which I 
know next to nothing, which is more than I would like to know. But 
then I spotted the top of what there is so far of Third College, and 
necided to see if it was progressing according to my specifications. I 
couldn't tell- it is at this point very grey, consisting of big blocks. I take 
this opportunity to petition the powers that be not to make any more 
bui ldings that are grey. A few are nice, granted. But no more. 

Speaking of editorializing, someone told me I should write about 
how little I like my music class, and the things I have to do in it. That 
would, however, be abusive to the purposes both of the music 
department and of my column (neither of which I have been able to 
determine) . 

Gleaning little from Third College as it stands, I moved toward the 
library, and found that there are a series of aimlessly constructed 
fences that close off the grove of trees there. They were easy to climb 
over, since they have collapsed in two or three places. They seem to 
protect a three-foot deep hole, dug nearly in the middle of the fenced 
area. I suppose I should thank whoever it was who built the fences, 
who obvio~sly wanted to keep me from falling into the hole and 
becoming injured. 

I went to the Mandeville Center ne)(t, butJ have nothing to say about 
it because all the doors are locked. I have been unable to discover why-
-the necropsy room at the medical school is never locked, and you can 
always manage to sneak into the tunnels under Revelle. What are they 
hiding in the Mandeville center? 

I ended up in the Student Center, where I lost a quarter in the soccer 
machine. I didn't ask for the money back, because at the moment I was 
embarassen because I had put the money in the machine. I am no 
longer embarassed, apparently because I am telling whoever reads this 
column all about it, so all three of us know. 

Losing my quarter remi[lded me of Soto lOSing a quarter at Muir the 
other day. Soto is usually very careful with his money, spending it only 
on lavish feasts for the staff to celebrate the publication of each issue 
of the Triton Times. But I managed to rope him into playing Space 
Race with me, and beat him soundly. What you do is guide your 
spaceship through the asteriods. As you do this, the machine goes 
"Whhoooosh," which is the sound we presume a spaceship would 
make. I found tha'-Soto and 1 both went "Whhoooosh" under our 
breath, too, probably for the same reason . But when he tried to pay for 
a second game, he lost his quarter. Becoming disturbed, he shovelled 
another coin into a basketball game. He beat me twice on that one 
Soto would like us all to think he is a very traditional conservative, but 
he gave himself away by throwing those quarters around, just inflating 
the hell out of everything . I will always believe he voted for George 
McGovern. 

Do not think of this as a criti cism of the fact that there is nothing to 
do at UCSD on a ~unday afternoon. I am not sure there should be 
anything to do. Anyway, it was a nice clear day, and I managed to 
carve an afternoon out for myself, and fill this infernal space at the 
same time. 

But I'm easily amused. Ding! 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

(PSAGI ....... ds). 

The unofficial Fly With us lor 
state bird , PSA, has a song to eteven CitIeS 
more flights connecting WsnltocatchaPSAGnnnlOg-
northern and southern Calt· btrd? That's easy Just catch 
fornia than any other Slrllne up With your campus rep 

....... ,.. .... 

by David Cissidy 
There are several committees at Third College 

that bring students, faculty, and staff together to 
work on matters of mutual interest and importance 
to the development of Third College. 

mC'mbers of Ihp (ounCiI rhe PrO\o,t " ,Ill l'\-
OffiC IO nwmb r 

The council is chair d by iln I'I('c t(,(j l halrpE'r<;on 
from the faculty . 

The Third Reporter A feature devoted exclusively to announcements and events concerning Third College. 
Third College provides many opportunities for 

student and faculty parti cipation in the operation 
and decision-making process of Third College. 

A good example of this is the Third College 
Council. The Council functions as a general ad-
vising committee to the Provost on all matters of 
general policy affecting Third College. 

The Council consists of six students, elected 
annually by the Third College student body. The 
four faculty coordinators of the interdisplinary 
programs-communications, Urban & Rural Studies, 
and Science and Technology-also ,prve as 

This year Professor Faustina Solis of thp 
Department of Community M dlClne IS chair-
woman and Ron Roberts serves a, student 
vicechairman for the Council 

In order to meet its responSibilities ann serve as a 
communications link within Third College, thC' 
council meets bi-weekly and encourages com-
munity members to bring to th attention of thp 
council any and all issues they feel Third Collegp 
should addr(',~ 

The Third College Council can work effectively If 
it is given active support. 

Committee Members Needed 
Co-chairman of the Committee for Student Fee programs 

Tom Leanse has reiterated his plea for applications to new 
student Advisor committees forming at UCSD. 

The new committees are for Counseling Services, Student, 
Financial Services, Special Education Programs, the Student 
Center, and Student Health Services. 

Applications may be made to Leanse, whose office is on the 
second floor of the Student Center. His extension is 4450. 

-

; COMMUNITY 
BLOODBANIC 

127 F. Street 

~~ Everything New in 

'AYSDONORS 
Iorsenke 

Mon_-SAt_ 
':45'-5:)0 
Closed Sun. 
233-&411 

Skis and Clothing 
PBEDEBlCJ['S SID It. JIII[B 

e.tfltten 
7722 Fay Ave •• e 

La ;'olla 454.1418 
Snow reports 454-2351 

iCpb U.C.S.o. CAMPUS BOARD PRESENTS FOR NOVEMBER 
VIVECA LINDFORS 

on stage in 

I AM A WOMAN 
Nov. 2 

8:30 pm 
U.C.S.D. Revelle Cafeteria 

"Everywoman ... an instant portrait of 
woman . . . a triumphant tribute" ... 

Boston Globe. 

2.50 

THE 
BLACKEARTH 
PERCUSSION 

GROUP 
Saturday Nov. 16 

8:30 pm 
u ,C.S_D. Revelle CAfeteril 

"revoll A .oad potential of ellpAndinl 
conscioulMII. More power to it! Wonh - , 
pethApI wyln. nothinl." 

.HArry Plrtch, composer. 

81.50 2.50 
Tickets IVAilAbIe: 

U.C.S.D. STUDENT CENTER BO)( OFFtCE 
Noon - 4:30 TuetdlY throulh Fridly. 

Informltioo: 452-4092 

PAUL WINTER 
CONSORT 

Saturday Nov. 9 
8:00 pm 

U.C.s.D. Gymnasium 
Winter Consort offers a rich and awesomely 
musical experience . There are element of 
rock, jazz and classical mu ic but like a 
10 ng-simmered stew WIth many plces, the 
flavors have become so intertWined that 
they are Impossible to isolate 

$2.50 3.50 
Eugene O'Neill Center's 

NATIONAL THEATRE 
OF THE DEAF 
Monday, Nov, 18 

8:00 pm 
U.C.S.D. Gymnasium 

Presenting " PrIScilla, "rincess of Power" 
based on a story by New Yorker cartoonist 
James Stevenson ; ana ·' 1 ne uybouk a 
dazzling adaptation of a classi JeWIsh folk 
tale beset With devils and demon 
"These e cellent actor touched by the 
angel of il nce, brIOg u a fre h un -
derstanding of the Ine llmabl value of 
word ." . IIGlorno 

Admission $2.00, 3.00 
P"ae J Triton Times October 28, 1974 



Declining Intellectual Fimction 
With Age a Myth, Says Prof. 

by Ron Hurwit psychomotor speed. That is, it 
took longer to perform ifl-
tellectual functions : But when 
speed was not a factor, there was 
a great deal of intellectual 
stability. 

Set.ee tJ"""''' 
. It IV!ls /ale i" the fall, a,,'; Ike colti!~mp wi.Js blew Ihe whilish-j!rey mist in from the sea, where 
,I swirl,ed arollnti the crwmbl",g blliUllngs a"d across Ihe weeds that were growin$ up through the 
c,ac~s ,,, Ihe cement. O"ce the mo"aslllry hatJ been Ihe grealest in the war"', framing pnests who 
carrieti Iheir IrIIlhs 10 Ihe for comers of the world. 

Blltthal hati been long ago, Ihe IIXIICt ule lost i" the tiar~"ess of antiquity. Now the monastan'es 
forlUllt'S h4d falle", as illoo had sllffereti the ravages of War, peslilence a"ti famine that hati swept 
the p.lobe. Only a small core of piolls me" remai"eti, practici"g their arts in windy cells in half ruined 
builtii"gs, perseveri"g 10 tbe' e.d agai"sl Ihe ""ri. 

Throllgh all this Ihere mowti a small ma", shieltieti agat"st"lhe cold by a thick coal. Clutched 
care/IIDy i" his arms was a large, weD wom book, a"d whe" Ihe joined Ihe clusler of men in the 
cOllrtyard he seemeti to coast a speD: They feU sile"" anti l!.,a%eti in awe a"ti veneralion at the fra il 
man be/ore Ihem and allhe booE Ihal he held so careflllly: Jar he was the High Pnest, a"d the book 
was sacred. 

The Priesl stepped up to the aller and began 10 read: 

And Saltman speaketh unto the multitude, 
saying: A common belief about Human 

intellectual functioning- that we 
hit a peak at about age 17 .and 
then decline for the rest of our 
lives- is a myth, according to Dr. 
Ussy F. Jarvik, UCLA professor of 
psychiatry. 

n the beginning God created 
the heaven and the earth. And 
the earth was without form, and 
void; and darkness was upon the 
face of the deep. And the spirit 
of SIO moved upon the face of 

When there was a critical loss .......................... the waters . 
of intellectual functioning, a 

Science is my strength and song, and he is 
become my salvation . He is my God, and I will 
prepare him a habitation: my father's god, and I 
will exalt him. 

And the multitude was silent before him, for his 
tongue was like an earthquake, and they trembled 
before him. 

Dr . Jarvik, who is on the ad-
visory board of the New Center 
for Aging at Wadswofth Veterans 
Administration Hospital , has 
been studying intellectual 
functioning in an aging 
population for several years . She 
has found that generally there is 
no decline in knowledge or 
reasoning ability- not only ·into 
the thirties and forties, but into 
the sixties and seventies as well. 

She cites several studies as well 
as her own . One study-the 
Oakland and Berkeley growth 
study- follows children who are 
now adults in their forties . No 
decline in intellectual func-
tion i ng has been obs~rved 
Another study followed coileg~ 
students who were tested at the 
time of World War II . These 
people are now in their fifties 
and no decline has been found: 

The study Dr. Jarvik herself 
participated in concerns 136 pairs 
of identical twins who were first 
examined whe" they were more 
than 60 years old . Complete life 
histories were taken mealical 
examinat ions administered and a 
series of psychological and 
psychiatric ~ests given. As the 
twins were followed along' into 
their seventies and eighties, they 
generally did not show an in-
tellectua I decl i ne as expected. 
However, there was a decline in 

much higher mortality factor And God said, let there be light and there was 
entered the picture. Those who ihe University of California. 
declined intellectually dif'd - And God called the light UC, and the darkness 
earliest. he called Community College. 

Since the sampling included 
identical twins, the genetic factor 
was ruled out. It was concluded 
that the critical loss of in-
tellectual functioning was 
probably caused by ar-
terioscleroti c changes in the 
brain . 

The most common complaint 
of older people is that their 
memory is not as good as it used 
to be. Studies show, according to 
Dr. Jarvik, that when learning 
takes place under laboratory 
conditions, the~e is equally 
proficient learning between 
young and old people and 
memory is also often equal. Much 
of what we ca ll loss of memory-
may be due to inadequate 
learning in the first place , 
possibly caused by some factor 
such as hearing difficulty, im-
paired vision, inattention, or 
learning taking place too fast. 

Dr. Jarvik notes that there is a 
stereotype of older person and 
loss of memory. When an older 
person puts something 
somewhere and can't find it Iilter, 
it is often sa id that this is 
"because of age." However, when 
a young person does the same 
thing, some other excuse is given; 
the loss of memory is ignored. 

And in the morning began the first class. 
And Cod said, let there be testing among the 

people, and let it divide man from man . 
And God made the test, and divided those who 

were under the GPA from those who were above 
the GPA; and it was so. 

And God called the testing heaven, and the 
evening and the morning were the second day. 

And God said, let those tested above GPA be 
gathered together under one place; and let the 
cement appear: and it was so . 

And God called the cement Ucsad; and the 
gathering together of the tested-above-G PA called 
he Colleges : and God saw that it was good. 

And the evening and the morning were the third 
day. . 

And God said, let there be pro(essors in the 
buildings to divide the students from themselves ' 
and let them be for exams, and for lectures, and 
for days and years they will talk . 

And God set them on the podium to give light 
upon the students. And it was so. 

And God saw that it was good. 
And the evening and morning were the fourth 

day. 
And God said, Let the professors bring forth 

abundantly the articles of their resear~h, and the 
missles that ma'y fly above the earth in the open 
firmament of heaven . 

And God created T As, that the professors might 
be fruitful and multiply after their own kind . 

And the evening and the morning were the fifth 
day. 

And God sa id, Let Ucsad bring forth truth after 
its own research, and folly after its kind and 
obscurity after its kind : and it was so. ' 

And God saw very thing that he had made, and 
behold, it was very good. And the evening and the 
morning were the ixth day.' 

-."""...,.""' ..... ft!'I~ nd it came to pass that there 
rose up in th e east the ruler 
Macroy, chief of the fab led 
Nascief. And Macroy did rise Lip 
against the rulers of Ucsad th 
mighty Regents. ' 

And Macroy did smite the 
regents with his writings, and 
his te th o 

And Macroy did b come Pharaoh of Ucsad. 
And it came to pass that there ro e up in the 

land of Ucsad, a great prophet, Ba on, child of 
God. 

,'nd the Lord spake unto Bacon, saying, Go 
unto Pharaoh, and tell him, let my p ople go, that 
they might serve me. 

And Aa on went unto Pharaoh, saying let my 
people go, that they mightest serve the God 
Scien e. 

And Pharaoh sent the scribe Saltman unto,the 
people 

And it came to pass that Saltman left his office 
in the province of Mat-hew, and went on a 
journey to the province of Revelation . 

And the angel 01 the Lord appeared unto him In 
a flame out of the midst of the fountain . and he 
looked, and , behold, the fountain burned with 
fire, and the fountain was not consumed. 

And Saltman saiQ, I will investigate, and see by 
what mechanism there eruptheth flame from thi s 
fountain and yet consumeth not the material of 
the fountain, nor the material of the air, nor any 
substance visible to Saltman . 

And Saltman said, energy' cometh not from 
nowhere, and I must find from what it cometh. 

And he returneth' to his lab, and spake unto his 
T A, saying pickest thou up that o'sciloscope, and 
carry it forth unto the plaza . 

And the equipment functioned without flaw, 
for Saltman sayeth unto it ; thou shalt work. And it 
did work. 

And the Lord speaketh unto Saltman the e 
words, saying : 

I am the Lord Science thy God, whi ch h-ath 
brought thee out ot ignorance, out of the house of 
bondage. 

Thou shalt have no other Gods before me 
Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven error 
Thou shalt bow rfown thy self to me and serve 

me: for I the God S ience am a jealous God, 
vis iting the inequity of the system upon the pupil 
until the third and fourth absurdity . 

Thou shalt not take the name of thy God 
Science in vain, for the lord will not provide 
references for he that taketh his name in vain. 

Remember thy exami nation day, and keep It 
holy. 

Honor thy textbook and slide rule, that thy day> 
may be long in Ucsad . 

Thou shalt not kill except in the name of thy 
God . 

Thou shalt have no mistress otlier than thy 
work, for thou canst not serve two masters at one 
time. 

Thou sha lt not covet thy neighbor's lab, tholl 
shalt not covet thy neighbor's office, nor hiS TA, 
nor his secretary, nor anything that thou wille ~t 
get caught stea ling. 

And the Lord spake unto Saltman, saying, go 
forth unto the people, and say unto them, that th 
Lord God Science has sent me unto you, saying, I 
have surely visited you , and seen that which IS 
done to my people in U sad . 

And Saltman girded his loins and w nt again 
befor the multitud , saYing, 

Honor \hy god )Clence,' for he mak th the 
television to hlne upon you, he watch th over 
Ucsad and maketh the grants to fall upon her, he 
maketh thy heart fl ee He maketh his coun 
tenence to shine upon you with the light of th!' 
microscope, he burneth his fury upon the earth 
when the atoms fuseth . 

Yea, though I walk through the valley of the 
shadow of freedom, I will fear no evil, for the lord 
is with me; his lab and his money shall confor t 
me. 

LAMD'~ ~lA,(E~5 Pr£SENTS 

And Saltman spake before the multitude, sayi ng 
come unto thy lord Science, that thou might serve 
him . Else, if thou refusest to serve the Lord 
Science, behold, tomorrow I will bring the 
Natgard to thy oast. And it shall cover the face of 
the ea rth, that one cannot see the earth ; and it 
sha ll study the residue of that which is left, study 
that which remaineth ' in the radioactive fields . 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 

LIBRARY 

••• D "' •• '1''':1'1'011 IIJIZ. 
T A ."' •• 0 I.~IO 

ORZ.T ...... 
cNamL ..•..... .. .... , ........•.......... , ................. , 

ThouWld. of T opicl 
$2.75 per page 

Send for 'your up-to-dltl, 
178-~, mill order catllog 
ot 5500 topics. Enclosl 
$1.00 to cover postage (1·2 
day. d,livlrY timel. 

~: ~e: F-- -WEDNESDAY ocr 30 REVELLE PLAZA 12 OONOON Spon .. ,od by C.mp'!!. ~~ .. .J cflJduu .. , ........... , ..................... , ............ . 
519 GLENROCK AVE, 

SUITE 1203 
lOS ANGELES, CA. 90024' 9alf __ 

.$z.oo 
P."e 4 Triton Times October 28, 1974 

.,$/ninq __ _ 
,00 

Our INllfi ..... IIOId lor 
,~" IIU""*' onty 

EPIDIDYMVS 
Ufe began in Stanley Miller's 

pool. There were many amino 
acids in this pool, including all 
the twenty amino acids that are 
known so well today. There were 
also high conc::entrations of the 
nucleotides adenine, thYJTline, 
guanine, cytosine, and uracil. All 
of the molecules were ,here 
because of complex chains of 
photolytic reactions that just by 
chance happened to produce 
large concentrations of just these 
molecules, ignoring most of the 
other millions of reasonable 
possibilities . There were also 
many "high energy" molecules 
floating about in the pool, which 
provided the energy for the 
formation - of many covalent 
bonds . Many long chains of 
amino acids and nucleotides 
would often form. These would 
grow randomly but would soon 
be hydrolyzed and lost forever . 

One day there happened to be 
a long double-stranded molecule 
of DNA that had recently been 
formed by chance. There were 
also randomly formed proteins 
nearby which we shall call DNA 
and RNA polymerases . These 
proteins just happened to 
cata lyze the transcription of 
precisely matched DNA and RNA 
strands using the double-stranded 
DNA as a template. Several dozen 
kinds of the RNA molecules 
transcribed liappened to have a 
characteristic structure; we shall 
ca ll them transfer RNAs ·(tRNAs) 
Another kinds of RNA transcribed 
from the DNA template was 
rRNA . On that same day, some 
rRNA molecules Just happened to 
meet more than twenty different 
kinds of randomly formed protein 
molecules which bonded non-
cova lently to the rRNA strands 
and to each other, forming a 
macromolecular complex which 
we shall call a ribosome 

Meanwhile, twenty other large 
proteins were floating nea rby 
We shall ca ll them amino acyl -
tRNA transferases. These also had 
recently been form d by chance . 
Coincidentally , each of these 
proteins would bind to a pecific 
amino acid and to a spe ific kind 
of tRNA molecule, and cata lyze 
the formation of a ovalent bond 
between them, thu produ Ing an 
amino-acyl-tRNA 

Ju~t by chance, the nboson1l' 
complex {ould bind to certain 
single-stranded RNA molecules 
(mRNAs). It (ould also bind to 
amino-acyl -tR As, In ~u h a way 
that a sequence of three ba e 
pairs on the bound mRNA would 
code for the binding of a par-
ti cular kind of amino acyl-tRNA 
Surpris ingly, thprp were also 
proteins In the ribosome' that 
wou ld move the mRNA along the 
ribosome, that would ca talY/e 
bonds b tw n amino acids 
domated by the spe ifically 
bound amino a yl-tRNAs, and 
would caus th e grOWing amino 
acid chain to be released when 

Love Story or Peptide Place 
(with apologies to Chymotrypsin) 

Dramatis Personae 
.. H f{-N- o 

" R 
-c..-

-~ 
-O\l , 

o 
Chump 

looker 
I ' c.~~ 

I 
Heavy 
Dude 

Spoiler 
Various 
Standard 
Dogs 

Looker ."d Chump 
.,. flolnfl n .. dy. If ~ ? 

f(-tJ -
o T<.~ff- C-~ 

~ core 
\ 

Heevy Du. H"-O 

Orgasm 

=> IInsteble high-entHflY 
stete. 

r' i. meklnfl / ~ -t 
fk,'} ~':'.~de,':1th ~i "'tJ \ u. Heavy . Dude o Dofl. / c.~ move. In to 

I - I sco,. on Looker 
(.1\ -\ while Herd-U" 

"'" ,.,1 reke. Dofl oH hi. I ==} r ""nd •. 

o 
\\ (J C, ....... ,.. 
, 

? 
t 

Boredom 

o 
. \\ _~c-t 

\ 

Uter ... 

o -> 
~ 
I 

Spoiler moves in to score on 
Looker while he pushes his 
Dog off on Herd·Up. 

o 
\\ () 
c.-I'-
I 
o , 
C~ 
I 

Tender 'r' oun!/: Love 

o 
/ ~O-C--f{ 

I Orgas m 
o 
I 
C~~ 
I 

Looker jilts Chump, who 
ri"s oH Herd·U" 'is Dog 
end moves on to more 
fertile turf. 

o 
If 

He ~c-R 

o 
''c-l. 
I 
o 
\ 
C-"~ ~ 
\ 

MHnwhile, Looker 
end Heevy Dude ere 
getting it on in Ec-
stelY. 

Looker lind HHVY 
Dude Breek UP 
while Looker gets it 
on with Spoiler. 

/.7'IU, /~., 0 14/'J 7 \ \4' T~ 
Hesrtbroken, Hellvy Dude 
consoles himself wfth Htlrd-
Up 's Istllst Dog. 

This Briiclll probBblv not by Msrk McCJtrty 

~peclflc wquenc E'S appeared on 
the bound mRNA A luck would 
have It, when mRNA ~trand s 
transcribed from the double 
qranded DNA molecule wNe 
tramlatE'd II1tO protein on thp 
rlbosonw, tht? protrin formt?d 
were fune tlonally Identical to tht' 

twenty amino acyl transferase 
and thE' many ribo omal proteins, 
and of cour~e the DNA and RNA 
polymerases Thus b gan the wlf-
catalySIS r actions of life 

What luck 

Nl'xt week we shall tell how 
13f'llrrophon drove his Winged 
chariot throu gh the miasmal 

l1li~t~ of the ancient planet 
Mercury, bringing the miracle of 

~permlcidal get to the Arapaho 
I ndi ans of Atlantis. 

Roots would like 
your next walk to class 

to be a part of your education. 
We'd like you to learn a little about your 
feet - why they work a they do, and why 
they don't always work as they hould . 
Did you know, for example. that if instead 
of banging your sales about on campus 
concrete, you were to go strolling bare· 
foot on a beach, two things would result. 

part of the shoe. You immediately stand 
traighter. And when you walk, you use 

I g muscles you probably haven't used 
for years. All of this takes the load off 
other parts of your body, parts which all 
too often get overworked from incorrect 
posture. If you're wondering whether all 

U.CS.D. Cam pus Program Board Presents 
Rrst, your grades would drop, Sec-
ondly, your heel would make the 
deepest part of your footprint. 
This is because nature intend· 
ed your heel to be the lowest 
part of your body. So in Roots 
your heel sits in the lowest 

this can happen in good·looking 
well·made footwear, try'on a pair 

for younelf. One look should 
persuade vou that Roots is 
much more than a beautiful 
idea. 

I AM A WOMAN 
starring 

Viveca Lindfors 

r 

:cpb 
Performing a Stage Cavalcade of 36 Women 
U.CS.D. Revelle Cafeteria Nov. 2,1974 8:30pm 
U.CS.D. Student $150- lickets on Sale Noon-
General Admission $250 4:30 lues-Friday 

10909 Kinro .. AYe. 
We.twood VIII..-

(213) .n·olol 

It's also a very attractive ~hoe. 
1218 Pro peet St 

La JO\I ~. Calif. 
(71.' 4593611 

P."e 5 Triton Times October 21, 1974 



,. .. ~-~~- The Condldotes,-------. 

nnor Plugged Again Baboons In Kenya 
COllt:n~ from Pale 1 anymore." 

politics" th,t the people "see Although coming out against 
right throl.gh." He said he was "win buttons and victory gar-
more intelested in "saving the dens" as solutions for inflation, 

Continued from Pqe 1 
student lived. Other than a 
National Ceographic 
photographer who was there for 
a time, they were alone in this 
house. Jackson would not commit 

country" than the two party himself to the immediate need for 
system. 

When asked about detente, the wage and price l controls or Ten Miles a Day 
Senator said, "You can't deal with mandatorY gasoline rationing. At sunrise each day, Strum 
with the Russians on faith ." For MlAJ would rise, and clad 'in several 
that reason the Congress attached A small 'group of relatives of layers of clothing against the 
safeguards on the recent bill that MIA's tried to disrupt the ~oolness of the savanna, which 
gave Russia favored trade status gathering, but accomplished little IS 6,500 feet above sea level, 
in return for limited immigration as the security people generafly would locate the troop where pr~vileges from that country" he managed to keep them out of she had left them the even!ng 
said . sight. They did manage to before . She also carried 

Concerning the Russian wheat confront Jackson as he was going binoculars With her, .and a tape 
deals, Jackson declared, "They from the press conference to the recorder for observatlQns. As the 
(the Russians) took us," and said luncheon and there charged him day progressed, she followed 
he looked forward to the time with beillg more concerned with the tr~p as they foraged f<,>r 
" when we won 't have Agriculture Jews in Russia than American such things as parts of acaCia 
Secretary Earl Butz to kick around prisoners still in Vietnam trees, pods, grass, roots, and 
___________ .....,... ___________ . __ seeds, and watched them kill 

Ruggers M'eet Tomorrow Thompson gazelles for meat. The troop might cover as much as ten miles in the day. At 

the troop, Strum saw a high 
level of complexity. There did 
not seem to be just one 
dominant male baboon which 
policed every altercation and 
led the troop in its foraging. 
Rather, patterns of dominance 
were followed in certain cir-
cumstances, utilizing the skills 
of different males. The policing 
of the troop was done by the 
females, not the males, when 
family lines were called into 
question. Females are the core 
of the group, while males quite 
often leave their natal group 
and even transfer several times. 
Strum saw five males enter the 
troop and three males leave, 
indicating a very dynamic 
system, not a fixed one. 

For Strum, the most intriguing 
aspect of the study was to be 
accepted by this group of 
animals on their own terms, 

within their own delicated 
balance of interaction. "It was 
very thrilling, on a human lev~I, 
to be thus accepted" she said, 
"and vitally interesting, on a 
scientific level. It was the best 
of both worlds." 

"In fact," she said, "I felt safer 
with them than I did with 
humans." She took only one 
holiday during those eighteen 
months, and she worried 
constantly about what the 
baboons were doing without 
her. When she was asked to 
enumerate the animals in her 
troop, she began counting on 
her fingers, all the while gazing 
into middle distance and 
naming aloud the names she 
had given the!" . For that 
moment at least, the thousands 
of miles between herself and the 
baboon troop in Cilgil, Kenya 
were only a figment of 
imagination. As IS traditional this time of year, the Triton Rugby Club will look for 

new converts for the wild and wooly game of rugby. On Tuesday, 
October 29 at 7:30 p'.m. all those curious about this European sport are 
invited to come find out who we are in the Humanities library 1402. 

Rugby is a complete game. It has often been described as a cross 
between American football, soccer, basketball and a street fight. Yet in 
its purest form, rugby can only be described as rugby. The game is 
constantly moving, so there is no real time to regroup and consider a 
new strategy as in football. Like basketball, passing is essential, and 
must be exact. Yet all passes must be thrown to a person behind you . 

evening, she would note the 
place, usually a cliff, where the 
troop settled in, and then return 
home. 

This close-range study has 
contributed mu ch to the 
clarification of baboon social 
behavior, and afforded Strum 
the... unique opportunity of 
seeing this troop's eating habits 
change. Another baboon troop 
elsewhere had been observed to 
make 47 kills in 1000 hours of 
observation , mostly by chance. 
The troop Strum watched made 
100 kills in the same period of 
time. There was a slow but 
.defin ite evolution of a group 
cooperation in these kills. 

Ph.D. at aSB on Me 

As in soccer, one can kick the ball around as much as possible, since 
the k ick is a very important facit of the game, but the oblong (pregnant 
football) shape hampers any extensive s.occer-style dribbling of the 
ball . The ~treet fight part of the game comes out only when players do 
not convert to a rugby frame of mind. The rules do hamper these clods 
on the fie ld, since one cannot be tackled without the ball Therefore 
David can taunt Goliath with complete immun ity if D~vid think; 
rugby. 

Size and strength are not the major criterion for a good rugby player, 
a.lthough they always help. Being able to think on ones feet in a milieu 
of bodies is what wi II make one a superior rugger. 

50 give us a look, Octqber 29th at 7:30 p.m. in HL 1402 and enter 
into a n~ world within UCSD. 

Females Core 
Regarding social behavior in 

The head of the laboratory of 
physiological control, at the 
National InstiMe of Child Health 
and Human Development in 
Washington, D.C. will deliver the 
first in the 1974-75 series of Alfred 
P. Sloan Foundation lectures, on 
Thursday October 31, at the 
UCSD Medical Schopl. 

David C. Klein, Ph.D., will 
deliver the Sloan lecture at 4 :00 
p.m. in Room 2100 of the Basi c 
Science Building, on Matthews 
campus. The title of his talk will 

Tennis Anyone? 

be ., AdrenergiC Regulation of 
Indole Metabolism in the Pineal 
Gland." 

The Alfred P. Sloan lectures, 
which are open to the public, 
have been made possible by a 
grant to U.c. San Diego School of 
Medicine for development of an 
iOlterdepartmental program in 
neurobiology. The lecture series 
is one aspect of the campus-wide 
program to expand r4iSearch, 
training, and faculty interaction 
in various fields rel~ted to 
neurobiology. 

THE PLACE: Univer~ity Bookstore and adjacent tennis courts 
THE TIME: Tuesday, October 29th ... 11 to 2 
THE EVENT: An autograph party and game demonstration 

by W. Timothy Gallway 
Author of the bestselling book 

The Inner Game of Tennis ' 
The Inner Game of Tennl. I. the re.ult of a unique system 

of training used by teaching pro Timothy Gallwey to produce 
a remarkable Improvement In the games of his own students . 

. At the heart of the book is the concept that withIn every 
tennis player there are two selves: Self 1 [the teller) and Self 
2 [the doer). Your Self 2. would playa much beller tennl. 
gamethan you do now. But It I. your Self 1, the critic - the 
voice that .. y. "You Idiot, how could you mi •• that shot?" _ 
who destroys your concentration, ruins your game. 

Don~t miss this chance to perfect your g:ame -' join us! 

MAnHlws CAMPUS 
EXTENSION 3770 

Your 
a.nkA ...... lc.'d 
W.lcom. h.,. 

Pale (, Triton Times October 28, 1974 

University Bookstore & 
Matthews Campus Tennis Courts 

You can do it, too . So far over 550,000 other people have done it. People who 
hive different jobs, different las, different interests, different educations have 
completed the course. Our graduates are people from all walks of life. These 
people tyye III taken I course developed by Evelyn Wood, I prominent 
educator. Practically I" of them It lelst tripled their reading speed with equel or 
better comprehension. Most have increased it even more. 
Think for I moment whIt that melns. All of them - even the slowest- now reid 
In Iller. novel in less than two hours. They read an ent ire issue of Time or 
Newsweek in 35 minutes. They don't skip or sk im. They read every word. They 
USI no mac:hines. Insteed, they let the material they're read ing determine how 
fast they re.:!. And mark this well : they actually understand more, remember 
more, and enjoy more than when they read slowly . That's right I They 
understand more. They remember more. They enjoy more. You can do the same 

It Sounds 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ 

THE EXORCIST IN 158 MINUTES 

At That Speed, The 403 PIllS Com, Au. 
With Mor, Impact 11IIn 111, Marie. 

thing- the place to lelrn more about it is at a free speed reading lesson. 
This is the same course President Kennedy had his Joint Chiefs of Staff takl. 
The staff of President Nixon completed this course in June 1970. The same one 
Senltors Ind Congressmen hive taken. 
Come to a Mini·Lesson Ind find out. It is free to you and you will leave with a 
better understlnding of why it works. One thing that might bother you about 
your reading speed is that someone might f ind out how slow it is. The 
instructors I~ the Evelyn Wood Reading Dynlmics Free Speed Read ing lesson 
will let you keep your secret. It's true we practice the first step to improved 
ruding at a Mini· Lesson and we will increase your read ing speed on the spot, but 
the results will remain your secret. Plan to attend a free Mini·Lesson and learn 
that it is possible to read 3·4·5 times fister , with comparable compre~ension. 

.....-------SC"EDULE OF FREE MINI·LESSONS------... 
You'll increase your reading speed 

50 to 100% on the spot! 
In La Jolla • La Jolla Village Inn 1·5 at La Jolla Village Drive 
In Mission Valley • Master Hosts Inn 950 Hotel Circle 
In EI Cajon • Parkway Bowl 1280 Fletcher Parkway 

Today & tomorrow 4~ 8pm 

EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS 



n_1 depertment 
• In the offtoe. 11OI2IJ 

WOIMn'1 Ru. T.m In .., to eel 
.... nInd. An I ........ welco_; 
IIIOVIe. Wed. Oct. •• 1:00 p.m. PI 
C .... roont. Info: lII-GIZ. 1101301 

ATTENTION FOURTH COLLEGE 
STUDENTS· All I ........ commuter 
Itu4entI Thurecllly Oct. 311 It 12:Cm In the 
ltudent Center Lou,,". Voloe eny 
IU ...... _ or compleintl you might 
hew. Your Input II Importent. don't let 
phyelcel ..... "don from the col .... 
_ne MPI"don of Int_t. 110/., 

Don't forvet Women'. Center meet 1 
p.m. WednndlY Oct. •. Old .nd _ 
folkl w"com •. In the c.nter. lower 
Muir Commo,... 110/al 

Com. ahe" the m .... of B.hI·u·lleh 
• nd hla teechlnga on wortcl unity for 
worfd PIIC'. B.haIl FI,...... Tu... 1 
p.m. Student C.nter. 110/211 

• 71tere will N e ".""" ~ on 
T __ .,. October 21. ,.N. et 7 p.m . In 
tire IIttwnltlonel C-,., ffH 1111 In· 
'-fed In the Educetfon AIHoed 
P,o",.m fo, 1175-71 [fluellffed 
.ophomofU with e 3.00 OPAl to e"._ 
fI_fIon.. _ e film 'end ."..k to 
",..tum_" from tile lIerlou. 011_ 
cempu_." 

U nde,,,,.duet. .oc/olo"., me/o,. -
Informlll co,," hou, TuNde.,. October 
2S It 3:00 p.m. In 7071 H & SS. Teke till. 
opportunity to "., ICflullinted with 
.,ou, fellow .rudents end profNsors. 
Book lI.t. fo, winter flUI"" cle .... 
will N ellalleble. free co,," 9 
dou"IInufa. [10/2lfI 

for sale 
' 71 triumph 500 (blk.1 6000 mi . • xc.1 
condo muat ... 1 aoonl .710. m -_ 
• fter 1 p.m. or I .. v. mal. (10/.1 

M.mly. Sekor. mm alnll. IIna refl.x. 
Ir .. t c.m.re. muat a .. 1 .'21. m -31141-
...". mal. (10/.1 

• Triumph TR~ rune lood. .xt"a 
.,00 ....... (10/a, 

FOR SALE: Jord.n Amp. rev.,b. 
trem"o. 12" .lINk .... ". C.II Pet •• t 
4152 .... (10/301 

FOR SALE: Commodore D .. k C.lcu. 4 
func. conatant. 8 dilit. MO Cell P.t •• t 
4152 .... (10/30' 
Ludwig drum a.t. Good condo Chrom. 
an., • . 4 pi.c .. & cymY.-tfiOO/ b .. t off.r. 
Frenk 462·9123. (10/281 
Ph.a.Lln •• r 200 at.ro power emp ret.d 
at 360 rms/CH. 4 mo. old W/ca •• & fan 
$600. Marantz 3300 pre amp 4 mo. old 
W/ caa. $300. 462-9836. (10/281 

BACKPACK: Camptreils med frame 
divid.d pack. padded hipb.lt. Nevar 
used $30. Call Jenni. 112466. (10/281 

Rolleiflex SL66 w met.r hood. s td hood. 
2 backs. hnd IIrip. hood. 3 mo. old $1200. 
Novoflex 400mm naturalist outfit tfiOO. 
481-0423. (10/281 

Small r.frill. for offic. or dorm. MO. 464-
8793. (10/281 

1970 Gib.on ED-O Ba.. Exc.lI.nt 
condition .216 or beat off.r. Phon. 153-
rn& .fter 6 p.m. (10/281 

M.g wh .. I. , Of!e y .. r old 14x7 .nd 14 x 
I .• 20.00 •• ,: h good .he",. cell Bruc •• 
27 ....... (1f/al 

Brend N_ Tlu. lnatrumenll SA-II". 
.,. d.llv .. ry WI In 4 deyl. 1 yr. 
-gu.,.nte. lo. __ r c.lculatot ev.11. 
wNIi your c.l. Ie being ,... ...... C8" 
• rt 412-_ . (101111 

SR-10. like .,... with rlChe,..,-..,. 
C811 B ... .,,-.,-

BMW 21012·1., T.n. "r Immeculetl. 
,,_ PH 411-&171. 4312 C8mlno del 
Dllm.nt. 110/211 

St ... o P.ne.onlc AM-FM W/trunteb" 
ldeel for dorm MO. "3M3. 110/21' 

14 Ch.v IId.n; •• c.lI.nt tren-
",on.tIon; w .. 1 tuned .nd lood dr .. ; 
.. ; cell Jim 412-.'. 1'0/211 

The .,.... LoIIIty A ...... wit ..... In 
Itudent O, •• nI •• tlo.. Conf.,.nce 
ROOffI of ltudent C...- et 4 p.m. 
ThurI. Oct. J1 to orwenln ICtIon on 
crltlc.1 ltetewld. Illuel .ft.ctlng 
ItUdorrtI. 1101., 

FOURTH COLLEGE ItUdentI living .t 
MUIR: Jennl Murrey .nd Jim .eckley 
_Id IIkl to meet with YOU ftOm 7:»-
1:311. Mondey. October 21. In the Muir 
A ... rtment Loung •. 110/211 

UCSO· Student Coop Mlldng 1:30 
Stud.nt C.nter Confer.nc. Room 
Mondey Oct. 21 - P ...... ttend ... c-
tlv.ly .ndorae or cond.mn our 
progreulns conc.pt. The Coop I. NOT 
•• tudent governm.nt. (10/211 

Blo .. H .. lth Scl.ne. Mejo,.. Mlldng 
of S.A.T.C.H. IStudenti Acdve Tow.r. 
Community H .. lthl Wed. 30th et 1:00 
p.m. Student C.nter Or. fl.-Lerae Conf. 
rm. Dr. F.ultlne Soil. to IIIHk on 
Community Medicine .. Public H .. lth. 
More Info.: x4a Cecile. 110/301 

Underg"du.t. Studenll Intl,..ted In 
.howlnl or "'''ng your .rt work com • 
to • mlldng .t the Student Center 
Loung. Wed. Oct. 30 7:30p.m. (10/., 

notices 
A llat of the Muir S.nlo,. who hev. 
decl.red their C.ndldecy for Fell 
Greduetlon he. b .. n POited lult 
oullid. the Muir ProvOit Offlc • . PI .... 
m.k. c.rtaln your nem. I. on thla IIat. 
(11 / 11 

Blo Chem Clinic - Mon.-Thu,.. 2-6 & 7-
10. Fri. 2-6. Sun. nit... Muir 2B-21 • . 
(11/271 

• OTO. Exc.lI.nt condo AM FM R.dlil. 
4 .peed .'0007 M.rk .fter 1 - 4a-0321. 
(10/28' 

CALCULATOR-Bowm.r MX-100; 1 mo . 
old full function.; only " .00. Prlv.t. 
... rty 282-7031. (11/11 

F.nder Mu.tans GulUir like _. "'Ia 
over"" _. " .00 

Surfboerd. 9 ft. long - .'5.00. 412-1311. 
(11/11 

;70 .. I"noi Strto Slc/s. 207 cm. merke, 
blndin"., '75 surfboa,d, 7'2". 146. 
RNII.tlc 8·treck ce, tepe deck. Fest 
forwerd. 146. Stava. 469-9132 110/2lfl 

FOR SALE: 9 mo old M.gnavoK 19" B & 
W TV XLNT condo N.w .• '30. aaking 
$86.00 C.II Kathy .her 5:00 469-6476 
(10/281 

'71 KAWASAKI 360 cc good co nd ition 
and fun. Call .fter 6 p.m. 270-0849. 
(10/281 

NIKOR LENSES: 24 mm.- f2.8 and 136 
mm. f2.8. Call 462·2524 or 756-7567 
(10/301 -

GARRARD ZERO 100- XLNT condo 
Wood B .... du.t cov.r. Shure MlIED 
C.n . • '20 488-4019 (10 /281 

.• V.W. C.mper V.n r.bullt 1100 

.ngln. .Kc.lI.nt cond o mu.t •• 11 

.'100.00 or belt offer cIIi Tom .t 412· 

... (10/211 

wanted 
WANTED Houl.cle.n.,. m.l. 0, 
f.m .... Shor .. er ... mu.t be thorough. 
Phone 414-7347 evenl"". 1"0/211 

W.nted: Combo to pley muelc for 
young .nd old Nov. ' . Will "''1 t2DD.00. 
C.II Jon 413-t117. ('O/al 

NEED EXTRA CASH? P.ylng Top Dolier 
for your U.S . Silver CoiN Minted 
before 1114. K.n 412-ID. (P1O/JDI 

PaRe 8 Triton Times October 28, 1974 

Witting CMnIc: Help with cou,.. ....... 
PtOPOMII. IChoIIrIy .rttc .... etc. 1. 
HL. _-2122. 1111271 

Tune In KIDT ... AM for the UCSO C.......... ..1 ceb" FM on .outlt-
Wlltern ce" for the boIchee. Com-
munity redto for .11 of UI. 110/211 

WOULD YOU LIKE TO MAKf A FILM? 
Wedneedey. Oct. 30. In ftOnt of the 
Student C.nter . ""-Itylod .nlmeted 
film f .. dvel. lit ""Ie of blink film for 
everYone to UN. Com. .nd wrtt. • 
atory. drew I picture. or lIIu.tret. • 
c.rtoon. Shown et 3:00 thet .ft.moon. 
(10/301 

SEX . CLINIC: Cou"..,lng on SeIlUlI 
Prob"m.. WedI. · 3-1; Aev.... coun-
..lora Offlc. (neer the ProvOlt OffIc.l. 
Judith Jorg."..n M.D.; HUlh P.t .. 
Ph.D. (11/271 

SWIMMERS: If you ." e m.n'l 
awlmt .. m m.mber or would Ike to be 
one. com. to workouta -- 1:30 to 1:00 
' .m. Mondey through Fridey. For more 
Info Inquire It Iym offIc.. (10/al 

Com. In .nd find out how you cen 
work et KSDT "dlo. Newa. redlo pleYI. 
docum.nt.,I... .nd community 
projlCtl need peopl • . Com. by KSDT .t 
the Stud.nt C •. nt., .nd tllk to St.". 
Crouch If Int.reet.d. (10/al 

THIRD COLLEOE SENIORS who '.lIICt 
to gredu.t. in F.II. Winter. or Spring 
will need to fill .n Und.,.reduet. 
Degr .. Appllc.t1on with the Aced.mlc 
Advl.lng Offlc • . S .. Vlrglnl. Ortuno _ 
MC 412 Room 11 Pi.... fill by 
Nov.mber 11. ("/111 

carpools 
TIer,...nta C.r Pool w.nted. C.II 212-
5723 or ~753. (10/211 

CI, pool 8-5 Mon-Fr/ from OB to UCSO. 
Cell 452-4215 or 222-7HIJ [10/281 

personals 
Greg-Mud7 ..• t R.vell.777 ... with John 
Chenc.llorn7. but where w .. Prlnc. 
Coulown (10/281 

Cept.ln G.I.ctlc : Evil L .. kl Th. 
lax.tive lad. (10/211 

PooB.h: C .... and d •• I.t ... H.rp. 
(10/281 

To: Th. R.v.lI. Und.rground, Thank. 
for the bookl Muir Und.rground. 
(10/281 

M.C. I will never rel.nt. D. (10/281 
P.S. Happy Birthday. Hav. a fun day 
but watch out. I may figure you out yet. 
(10/281 

Happy Birthday from one long-hair.d 
to anoth.rl (10/281 

Fur W.H.B.-Oanke fur du bl.t dich. 
Voulez-voul qua je tombe amoureua.? 
" Gni Lr.t . ... (10/281 

Happy B·d.y Val.ri • . Your'. a woman 
now. From your .uit. mat ... (10/281 

liaa. J.n •. Julie end AIIK - Think yOU 
for the xc.llant dlnn.r .nd wond.rful 
tim. but abov. .11 thenk. for your 
friend.hlp. Lov. 01",.,. (10/211 

N.cho Borrecho: Culdedo. lilt.,. out 
to get yOU. Come to Deacubrlr Orfotto 
• oon. Orlnge .nd Lldn 303. (10/211 

H.ppy Blrthdayl B.th .nd Steele. To 
the _ ..... t people w. know. Luv 
Chocolltl Kill Ind P .. nut butter CuP. 
nOla, 

TIger: Why don't you com. up .nd _ 
me .omedme? I'm In _ Bleke. 
Tlattt.l. 118/211 

Nunc. - 2.3.4.111111 When wiN It ."er 
Itop? Cothy. (10/211 

T42; Whet ere you doing beck here?1 
1'0/21' 

'"* ThenbgMng. "'re whet you 
"'" with __ who don't hew. 
Done_ .ny Clnned goode yOU oon 
...... to the Recroetlon Gym 0ffI00. 
ThIN goode will thin be dletrlMltod to 
the noodr f_ ..... nd CNWllnizetlone In 
the Ion Diego I,... Conned goode win 
be eecop'" .ny weekday between I_ 
' .m .• nd 4:. p.m ... nd Seturdeya from 
1:00 •. m . - 2:00 p.m. 110/al 

8UUOCK'S DEPT. STORES will "-e 
~terw. on oempw r--.,. 
Oct. 21. No me/o, 0' de.,.. 
requlremen,.; worlr lit LA end Oren". 
Co_flea. O#Iportunm.. for 110-" men 
end __ In 0_ of Soutltlfrt 
eellfo,n/e·. mo.t d.,nemlc ,.tell 
"",.,,1z.fIon. Appointments at c.,.., 
"""'nln •• IIJIJ8 H & S$. 11012111 

The Office of Houllng .nd Food .... -
vicil Admlnl.tr.tlon loclted In 
Building _ M.~e C8mpUI II 
currendy updatlns III _hlng lIet for 
reeId.neo he.. IIvI ",. 
Studentl do move out of the helll for 
IllriOUI ,.ION durlllg the quener. ond 
atudentl on • current w.ltlng lIat .tend 
e good chenco to move Into the "-III 
when veconclee occur. 
Any .tudon. who .,. Inwllted In 
living In the helle Mould contlct Dlbby 
w.lton In .ulldlng _ M8tthewo 
C.mpul or telephone her .t 412-4010 to 
gllll her their current edd,..1 .nd 
telephone number. IP10/al 

Appllc.tlon •• re now being Icclllted It 
the Muir ProvOit Offlc. for the winter 
quert.r Mulr-Dertmouth Each.ng. 
Progrem. Any Int_ted IIIPHconti 
ahould contact M.xlne H.nry .t the 
Muir ProvOit Offlc.. Ext_Ion _ . 
Th. d •• dlln. for aubmittlng 'p-
pllc.tiona I. Mond.y. October 21. 1174. 
(10/281 

Frog - It m.y be d.ngerou. to plly with 
IIv •• munltlon. Shotgun. (10/211 

H.len·Koe.n. thenkl for the good tim. 
Thu"d.y night. Ernmu • . 110/211 

Hon.y--HAPPY ANNIVEASARY--FOUR 
MONTHSI I think y~·v. brok.n .11 
recorda. I ml.. you--my room I.ck. 
.om.thlng without you .round to 
clutt ... It up. K---. (10~1Z1 

housing 
Av.llabl.IMMEDIATELY: Lr ... h ... .. ' 
p.lI ok.y. Own rm. poealbl • . M or F cell 
431-3483. (11/111 

R.nt: 1 Bdrm unfurnl.h.d Apt. n • ., 
oc.an in N. P.clflc B •• ch . • '60/ mo. 
aveil.bl. Nov. 3. B.cky. 488-1289 
.v.ning • . (11/111 

want.d: F.m. rmmt.. to ahere com-
fortabl. l.J . houl. W /two of tha •• m • . 
$86. Fran x3466. Ev ••. 469-7026. (10 /301 

" New" Playmor·3 BadRoom. 1% b.th • . 
patio. carp.t. drapea. r.frlgeretor. 462-
2136 or 560-6242. (10/281 
Male roommate ne.d.d for 2 br hou •• 
in Mission e •• ch. Own room vary plu.h 
and roomy . • '21/ mo . ........ (10/ 281 ' 

lost & found 
LOST: C.,I Bllrm.n book for Bb 
Clern.t. 3rd .dltlon. n • ., P&L. 683-11. 
Leonerd. (10/28' 

LOST: Sliver tim •• wetch on Wed. 15th 
on flret floor of Urey H.II. C.II Don It 
.'.0.3. 110/211 
LOIT: p,...crlptlon .Ung ..... In block 
CIII. Tue. 10/22 ..... Retum to T.T . 
0ffIc0. 1101211 

FOUND: 1I1v ... neeldoce on IYIII fIoId . 
Identify ond It'l you ......... 118/21t 

FOUND: C.lculetor In H-L Building Oct. 
21. c,.11 _-10'17 Ind 1dontIfy. 110121) 

LOST: Lt. blue Jec:ket Ibout I will. 110. 
AIIO loftbock book. "Rhythmic .nd 
Tonel Prfnel ...... "" found pie. retum to 
T.T. OffIce. 118/211 

LOST WALLET: ... __ of JOIOPh 
HeIlIg atuff In It. au,. would IPIIfOCIIete 
Ita retum. to ..... 3B-..:I-14Il118/21t 

Judy ..... otthe UC8D P.E. Dept. will 
be oetIng lunch with III Intoro8tod 
PIOPIe In the Women'l Center. noon. 
woct Oct. 30. Brfng your lunch. (181211 

Atenclon - ChicenOl 'I L1dnoe.1 tllnon 
prllblemOl con Ie otIclne de Flnenelll 
AI. POI' f.vor Communlqu,.. con 
M.E.C.H.A. .xt. ..... Irml Munol. 
('01211 

lectures 
The Deportm.nt of Hletory will PflNnt 
• public lectu" by Amo M.y.... Prln-
c.ton Unlv ..... ty Prof_ on Thur-
ldey. Oct. 31.t .t 4:00 p.m .. R.v.lI. 
Inform.1 Loun ... Prof_or M.yer will 
IIIIIk on "The Low ... Mldd .. C .... n 
HI.torleol Probl.m." Adm/aalon Ia frN. 
(10/., 

Prof_or Murr.y B.umgert.n from 
UCSC will tlik on "A.' SHAG. THE 
BODY'S SONG" October 1'1. 4:00 p.m .. 
Revello Formel Lou,,". ('0/30' 
The Union of J-"h Studontl la 

p~ntII I lecture 1IrfoI. 7:30 p.m. In 
the Hurnonltlee LlMry room " .. Thil 
Thu .... y. Oct J1. Rebbl D.vld .erner 
will be ..... klns. 110/301 . 

WINE AND CHEESE. plul • color llide 
p,...ntedon on. "The Church of the 
Cetacomba." Ia _ offerod thll Wed-
needey. Oct. 30. 7:311 p.m. It UnlYlrllty 
Lutheran Church. The .peeker II J.ck 
Undqullt. (10/211 

films 
ATTICA - A film by Clnde FlrMtone. A 
drem.tlc docum.ntary of the 1171 N_ 
York prl.on revolt. Tu .. d.y Oct. 21. 8:00 
p.m. US. 2722. Spon.ored by BSU. 
YSA. (10/ZlI 

LOST: Puk.-Shell brec ... t cIIi "B.80p" 
462·1,.. 110/281 

Room for r.nt In EnclnlUi • . Av.cedOl 
.nd gordon. Under 100/month. 713-2171. 
(10/281 

LOST: P .. Chee folder & plaid ulnyl 
O'Chem not.book. Pi .... tum In to 
Triton Tim .. Offlc. of cell 211-1134. 
(10/211 

FOUND: Aed. whit. .. blu. .tri",d 
hledbend on w.lk by Muir FI .. d . 
Contact the C.g •• t P.E. Dllllrtm.nt. 
(10/211 

services 
Editing S.rvlc .. 453-1114 .ft., 4. 
(P10/301 

Went to und.ret.nd you,,'" b.tter7 
AltrololllY work.hop .tlm aoon. _ -
0138 or !iI&-03I1. (P11/81 

SUMMER JOBS FOR 711 No .xperl.nc. 
n.c ... ary. Apply for job •• t Stet. end 
Fed.rel Park •. Gu .. t R.nche., Tourllt 
rnom. privet. c.mp. L •• rn How. 
Wh.n .nd Whir. to .pply. Aec.lv. over 
200 C.llfornie nem.. .nd .ddr ...... 
Sand $l.00 to J .O.B. D.pt 011 P.O. Box 
7011. Monter..,. CA 93M0. (P10/2l1 
T.rm P.p.,,1 Cen.d.·. lerg .. t "rIIlc • . 
For c.t.logu. I.nd .2 to:-E ... y S.r-
vic... S1 Spedlne Av... No. 208. 
Toronto. Onllrlo. C.ned • . (Pl/II 

DATSUN STUDENT DISCOUNTS .11 
mod'" ov.llable coli Mr. fl...., 282-
21. (p11/271 
TYPlST8: IBM-Term p.per-
./theNl/dl.ertltlone/etc. 
Edltlng/RUIH JOB8/X.,0II. Andl: 210-
aJ7 .. ~,.. 1"'/41 

travel 
EUROPE-ISRAEL·AFRICA Itudent· 
fill'" ..... ' round CONTACT: .SCA 
_ UnIvofIIty Avo •• 11 lin Dleto. 
CeIlf.1II'I1' TEL:C7141 87·.,.11111 ... 
_IP11/271 

IlUAON •• SRAEL .. OR.INT. L_ .... 
ItUdont ....... Ifl .., round. A.t.'" T. 
,. I . La C ........ Ivd . .... AneeIeI. 
_ 17t4, ....... or [21JI .a47IJ 
1"11271 

IIW T .... Office - ON CAMPUS -
EUROPE .. NY ChI,..,. UCSD Int'I 
c.n. .... '.UO M. W. F ONLY 
1P11/271 


