
Brown: No Blank Check F'rom Voters 
by Bill Boy~rsky 

From the LA nmee, by ... 'm .... on. 
"It's pretty clear to me reading those election 

returns, that the people are skeptical of government, 
there're not giving the Democratic party a blank 
check," Gov.-elect Edmund G. Brown Jr. ~aid last 
week. 

As he looked at the election returns in his office 
Wednesday afternoon, it was clear to Brown that he 
had been given no blank check. 

He had beaten the Republican, state Controller 
Houston I. Flournoy, by a mere 176,805 votes--far 
fewer than he had anticipated . The close call had 
badly frightened Brown strategist.s who, at one time, 
predicted a runaway. 

Brown was the weakest Democratic winner on the 
statewide ticket. All the others won by larger per-
c ntages than he did . And Democratic campaigns to 
tncrease control of the Legislature were more uc-
<essful than his effort . 

With all that in mind, Brown, in an exclusive in-
terview, outlined a cautious, bipartisan approach he 
wi II take to governmE'nt when he arrives in 
Sacram('nto . 

Businessm('n will be given key jobs. Republicans 
will be welcom('d, if they agree with Brown's view of 
an activist state government. Legislative programs 
wi II be worked out beforehand with Democratic 
leaders of the Senate and the Assembly. There will be 
no <>xpensive new programs or a general tax increase. 

A few clays before the election, U .S. Sen . Alan 
Cranston had spoken of Brown as a presidential 
prospect in 1976. There was no such talk in the 
Brown office WNlnesday-if there ever had been . 

National pol)tics, he said, " is a lower order of 
priority in my judgment." 

The election returns, he said, had convinced him 
" People are tired of politics as usual and they want 
some performance." 

"And the only way to get that is for me to work 
hard, get the best people I can and keep the politics 
to a minimum . 

"You only have so much time as governor. You can 
be cloing politics, you can be running around the 
country making speeches to some group in Atlanta or 
N('w York, or you can attract good people, if you 
work at it. And that's what I'm interested in." 

I f he succeeds as governor, would he be interestecl 
in national office aftN he serves a four-year term or 
two? "Fine," replied Brown . 

Brown's appointments to top state jobs will be 
scrN'ned by an appointments committee he hopes to 
have formed in a week . 

" We' will set up a staff, we will both recruit and 
('valuatp applications that come in," Brown said . 

As it stands now, the first jobs Brown wants to fi II 
are financE' director, secretary of food and 
agriculture, secr(>tary of transportation ancl the newly 
reat(>d <>nPrgy commission which decides on the 

sites of power plants and will make other key energy 
decisions. • 

H<> saicl hE' will appoint "Republicans ancl 
Dt'mocrats in the critical agencies." But " they will 
have to share my philosophy that governmpnt should 
be used as a positive instrum(>nt, that the stat<> of 

California has a stronger role to play." 
In addition, Brown wants nusinessm('n in his 

Administration . 
'~'I think It's important that PEople who are tried 

and proven in the business community have a role tn 
my Administration ," he said. 

" ThNe is a generation of men and women in 

Brown was the weakest Democratic winner on 
the statewide ticket. All the others won by larger 
percentages than he did. And Democratic 
campaigns to increase control of the Legislatllre 
were more successflll than his effort. 

busint'ss who have distinguished themselves, that 
rm going to be contacting, both for th ir help in 
appointmpnts and for possible service in my Ad-
ministration . 

" I think you can E'xpect people who have had 
nothing to do with my campaign will r1lay a 
significant role in my Administration , as well as those 
who did ." 

What kind of appointees will they be? Brown 
would not say . 

Hf' would not commE'nt, for exa[l1ple, when he was 
ask I if there would be a job for former Democrati c 
Assembly Speaker Bob Moretti , who lost to Brown in 
the gubernatorial primary. 

But he tndicated he is less interested in politically 
influential namE'S than in finding hard-working, 
intelligent, technologically sharp people who are 
loyal to his policies. 

This 'camp through in a general discussion of the 
kind of finance dirE'ctor he is seeki ng. 

" I want d tlnan( e ellr ctor who works closely With 
111E'," Brown aid "Sompone who und rstands the 
proC('SS, who can absorb th mynad of detads 
qUickly, who has a profeSSional approach to the Job 

" j am not looking for someon who IS gOing to b 
making political policy, but one who can provide the 
cabinet and the gov rnor with the kind of finanCial 
and fiscal data required to make intelligent policy " 

This oould be in sha rp contrast to the DOlicy of his 
fath<'f , formPr Gov Edmund G. Brown, whose 
finance dire tor, Hale Champion, also was a top 
pol i tICal adViser 

Through th Intervi w, and In a press confer nce 
parlier, th re was asttong strain of economy talk 

" It's pretty obvious people think gov rnment Isn' t 
doing much ex t'pt absorbing their money," he said 

At the press conf renc , he spoke gracefully of 
Flournoy In th Int rview, he spoke In a conCIliatory 
manner of R publican Gov Ragan, 

HE' had ntlclled pach man dady In hiS ampalgn 
What remain d unclear In the interview was 

specifically whom Brown was consulting as he began 
to t up a n w administration 

Who IS giving him advice about th e makeup of the 
appointm nt- creenlng committe ? 

" j'd rather just announce the committee," Brown 
repliro 

Who IS h gOing to talk to about the general 
ubJ t of setting up the new Administration? 

" I'd pref r you wait a few clays," he aid " I have In 
mind a few people to talk to, but I haven't called 
th m yet. " 

At another POint In the diSCUSSion of apPolntm!'nt 
he pointed to a blue, loos -leaf folder on hiS de k, 
and said, "I've got an inventory of all sorts of things 
in my little book here, they're coming In now, It'S Just 
premature." 

What is in the book? " othlng," he said . " There 's 
nothing that has occurred yet, except a preliminary 
confrontation with people · 

''I'm not going to rush It and leave out people who 
are very good," he said . "Th re is no ne d to get 
anything going until January " 

Brown said he IS entering the governor's offl ce 
with a keen appreciation of the difficulties In uc-
ceedi ng. 

'Tv seen Reagan say ome of the same things I 
have and fail. The reason for that IS It I n' t so asy to 
govern ," Brown said 

He enviSioned an activist governorship, With 
plenty of travel within the state . 

''I'm going to Isit state institutions," he said 
" I'm going to isit the parks, the areas that people 

have invested In . I exp ct to be a \ery active 
governor . I have a lot of energy and I'm not gOing to 
com!' home at 5 o'clock, turn on the tube and forget 
about governmpnt. That IS not my tyle of operation 

"The governoI has an educational role," he aid 
"You know, what get me, is you hear all thE' e 

things, atomic E'nergy, geothermal. (The governor 
mulci) clramat lle them , vi it the ite Let' take a 
look at Lake Tahoe. Let' go up there Let's let the 
pE'ople know what they are having In governnwnt 
It ' thE'ir govprnment " 

Groundwork: To Radicalize N. County 
by ClYrtes Heimler being evicted from their present 

one. According to the collective's 
mpmber\ the landlord wants to 
locate a liquor store in the 
building. 

media. And they are trying to get 
UCSD professor to order text-
books for their , classes through 
the col lective. 

Group Wants to make Campus 
Accessible to Handicapped 

"Changing Times was a 
bookstore-we're more interested 
in being a community center, 
with a bookstore as a sidelight. 
We want to radicalize North 
County." 

So says Roberto Riley, one of 
the 30-member Groundwork 

ollective, which is currently 
developing a calendar of 
programs to begin this month. 

Chanain. Times Spinoff 
Groundwork began this fall as a 

pill-Off from the Changing Tim(>s 
group, which ran a bookstore in 
Solana 8f>ach. The two groups 
split politically and 
growaphically, says Riley. with 
Changing Timps movina 'to 
downtown San Diego and 
Groundwork taking over th .. 
(ollective's Solana 8f>ach 
storPfront. 

Groundwork is lookina for 
~nothtor storefront since tMy art' 

Described by Riley, Ground-
work Collective is composed of 
community and UCSD members 
working to E'limlnate all forms of 
(')(ploitation of any person by 
another. 

"We' re trying to work to~ards 
people having control ov"r their 
own lives, which is really the 
opposit(> of (>xploitation," ('X-
plains Riley . 

Currently, Groundwork is 
selli", books on the womf>n's 
movemt'nt, national liber~tion 
movemmts, f>cology, socialist 
thoUKht, garden inK. in addition to 
non-,"i!t children's books and 
fiction . 'Tht>y carr~' currf>nt 
t>ditions of thto 08 Raa and othtar 
local and natioMl ~It .... nativf> 

The collective uses the money 
from book sales to pay the rent on 
their tore 

M~;or Problems 
The Groundwork is faced with 

three major problem , according 
to Rik>y, which are hindering their 
0p(>ration . 

First, there's the t'vlCtion and 
rf>location hanging over the 
collectivt>'s hf>ad. Groundwork i 
planning to remain in their 
preSf'nt location until Dt>ct>mbt>r, 
but arf> searching North County 
for a npw plan'. 

Sf-cond, thf> problf>m of 
financf."s. Thf> (ollt'Ctivp last wt't'k 
had SCJO in tht> bank, with ,,00tlt' 
bill and otht'r outlay ,)('ndin~ 

C ......... onP.7 

A commlttl'e <hairE'd by Revel le ciE'an E:rnest ~ort ha tormt>d to 
\,xplore ways to alter the U SO campus to make It mor(> Ultable anci 
attra ~ive for th(' handicapped ~tudt' nt population 

Necess~ry ~nd Fe~sible 
The Intere t of the committee entad phYSical alteration of thl' I 

ampu , access to budding by ramps and providln I notE' taker tor the 
deaf and braille machine for the blind . 
. Mike McManamon, a tudent at U SO, ha been hlrro b Architect 

and Engineering to urvey the campus and as I t In the deCISion 
r garding just what alteration are nece ar , a well a lea Iblp In E' 
the bt>ginning of U SO's constru tion ten "ear ago, thNe ha b('{'n a 
change In University budding regulation (>t forth by the state ot 

alifornia, ornE' of whICh on cern the halldi apped McManamon' 
duty will bt> to 10 atp outdated facilities ann report them for updating 



US., The Media and the Expulsion of South Africa 
On October 31, the lot AnaeIes Times reported 

thf' triple veto by the United States, Britain, and 
France of the ellpulsion of South Africa from the 
United Nations. Ten other nations in the Security 
Council voted for eKPulsion and two abstained. The 
Ti .... article gave statemf'nts of U.S. Ambassador 
John Scali, a U .S. envoy, and British ambassador 
Ivor Richard which attempted to justify their ac-
tions. As IS typical of the TImes, it did not report (let 
alone solicitate) any statef"('lent condemning the 
vetoes by an African nation, the USSR, China, or ' 
f'ven Australia . Once more the Times has used the 
gui§(> of "objectively" reporting events to act as an 
apol,pgist for the U.S governmpnt position of de 
fjlcto support of South Africa : Scali said, "WI' 
(mC'aning the U.S. governmC'nt) strongly believe 
that it is through both increased bilateral contacts 
and the strong will of a determined United Nations 
that a peaceful change will occur in South Africa ." 

This sort ot moral-pressure-from-within-the-U .N. 
is especially hypocritical coming from the U.S. and 
Britain . These two nations have never been among 
any major powers who have applied any moral 
pressure. To the contrary, it was these two countries 
plus France (who else?) that abstained four years 
ago when the rest of the U.N. Security Council 
voted 1,2-0 for an arms embargo to South Africa . 
Britain and France are the two major arms suppliers 
of South Africa today in violation of thesp U.N. 
resolutions. Is this how thei r "strong will" pressures 
South Africa to change? The position of the US. 
can be ascertained from one of its recent " moral" 
actions : in December, 1971. the U.S. offered 
Portugal the huge sum of $435 mi llion in credi ts 
and direct aid in exchange for a five year military 
lease of the Azores. ThiS waS precisely when 
Portugal, und r the fascist dictatorship of Caetano, 
was stumbling under the pconomic burden of its 
colonial wars in its two colonies which border 
South Africa : Angola and Mozambique. (Actually, 
Angola borders Namibia, a region the U.N. con-
siders to be illegally oc upied by South Afri ca .) 
Furthermore, the entire world is aware of the 
hypocrisy of the U.S. on this issue, si nce it is guilty 
of Its own version of apartheid. as all the Western 
powers are towards their own minoriti es. 

South Africa has been a member of the U.N. 
since November 7, 1945, and so the United S,ates, 
Britain , France, and other South Afri can supporters 
have had 29 years to pressure South Afri ca into 
"peaceful change.",. As a measure of the ef-
fectiveness of this past type of " moral pressure" on 
fascism , consider the following laws South Africa 
has enacted (source :~tatement of Black Concern) : 

No i\fricanr lawfully residing in a lown by virtue 
of a permil, is enlitled 10 have his wife and children 
residing wilh him. 

An African boy, who has left school and lives al 
home wilh his parents but does not work, may be 

Re: Prop. 16 

8y: WESLEY EVEREST 
.nested without WArrant by I poIkemAn who .1 
reAson to believe he Is .. icIe penon .. 

An Ahk.. dedarecl to be An icle penon lIUIIy ' 
enter into a contract of employment with a while 
farmer. If he il ..... ilMd before the contract ex· 
pires, he un be committed to A penll illltitution 
for two yelrs, 

No white penon li"inl in town cOIn AC-
commodate on his premises the son of his African 
llefV""t if such son has reac_hed the OIle of ten yeArs. 

It i,.unl~w'ul for African wol'kers to take I;I"rt in a 
strike for any reason whatsc;ever, OInd pUnishment 
for doing so is three years imprisonment. 

An African is prohibiled from doing skilled work 
in th~ building induslry in any town in South 4frica. 

An African faclory worker who is absent from 
wolit for twenty-four hoUr! without permillion is 
guilty of a criminal offense punishable by im-

pri~ment for not '?Rler thAn three months. 

An African whose employment is terminated may 
be required to leave the arel where he wolits within 
twenty-four hOUr!. 

An African who conducts classes in his home in 
reading and writing for his friends is guilty of a 
criminal offense punishable by six months im-
prisonment. 

No African is entitled to acquire land anywhere 
in South Africa; not even in his own Banlu areas. 

~y African fOUfld on any premises with a 
firearm is subjecl to the offense of sabolage and is 
liable to receive the death penalty. 

In addition, while the standard of liv:ng of the 
whites in South Africa is one of the highest in the 
world, the economic conditions of the African s . arC' 
so bad it defies belief! Bear in mind that essential 
commodities such as sugar, wheat , etc. have world 
prices, and that most consumpr goods are more 
pxpensive in underd veloped countri£"; (such as 

Letters 

South Africa) than they are in the U.S. Ht>re is samP. 
,Ielta: 

WhIte 
4v .. per upi~ income/month $133.00 

Annual earni .... of minerlo' 1961 $5,775 5265 

And three million African children receive no 
schooling at all. Three million is approllimatt'ly halt 
of all the African children. 

Oops thp U.S. ~vernml'nt, which claims to have 
been hoping thpse past 29 years for "peaceful 
(hang!'." rpally ('XpP("t, or in fact C'vpn want, tfll' 
whites in South Africa to lower their living stan-
dards clue to moral prpssurp? Indeed. is "moral 
pressurp" I'v('n consistf'nt with U.S. interests in 
South Africa? U.S businpssmpn have investro over 
onp billion dollars in South Africa, and receive a 25 
I)('r cent ratp of return on thpir investmpnts thpre, 
which is onp of thf' highpst in the world. And tradC' 
betw('('n thp U.S. and South Africa is on thC' riS<' : 
according to a Dl'partmpnt of CommC'rce report. 
U.S. I'xports to South Africa during th(' first fivC' 
months of 1974 increased 40 ppr cpnt ov('[ thp sam(' 
I)('riod in 1973. The lC'vel of exports to South Africa 
is C'xp<'cted to rC'ach one billion dollars by the md 
of the ypar, and the JohannC'sburg Star thinks that 
this is a low {'stimatl' . Th{' high profitability of 
investmC'nts in South Afri ca is dul' to a large I'xtmt 
to thp rssentially free labor of thl' Blacks thC'rp 

upportlng suc h a systl'm is not an aberration of 
US forpig n policy, but a feat urI' of It. It IS thC' U.S. 
that haspovlcled psspntial support for the two most 
fascist and reprpssivp governmpnts in thp world : 
those of Chill' and South Africa . Wh i le trying to 
(onvincr us of rr pression!n socia l ist countries. thp 
Wpstrrn POWffS prop up Incredi bly reprC'sslvC' 
govprnmpnts all over the world ' Bra7il , Uruguay, 
Bolivia, Haiti , the Dominican R{'public, South 
I\on'a. thp Philippinps, Spain, to name a few. 

It IS the W('st('rn govprnmpnts acting in the in-
tl'rpsts of the' multinational corporations that 
(ontrol thpm that support and promotp modern 
fas ist states. And it is the task of the popular 
m<'dia, such as thp los Angeles Times,. to 
manipulatf' the npws and information in order to 
win the support of thf' Amrrican people for the 
actions of thp govprnmpnt. Until we take a stand 
against this constant conditioning of our minds and 
attitudps and rlf'mand. a responsible press, we will 
not bP able to stop our governmpnt from supporting 
and promoting fascist govprnmpnts abroad~ and 
whpn the nl'ed arises. here at home too. As Attica, 
jackson State, and a true history of the U.S. should 
tpach us, Ollr system of governmC'nt has the samC' 
ciiS('asp as South Afric a, and it is progrpssi ng 
towarcls the acutp stagps . 

I was shocked when your Editorial Board came out against PROP 

At the mC'eting. a spokesperson for the Rpvelle Provost office 
stated that they no longer wanted to sponsor Interdisci plinary 10 and 
11. Dr . Reynolds, then chairman of the psychology cll"partment. and 
the Counci l of Provosts, both acknowledg{'d the nped for humanisti c-
type psychology classes . Dr. Reynolds suggested that the departm('nt 
ot psychiatry (not psychology) offer humanistic psychology classes 
on the undergraduatl" level . 

as having an C'normous airport of 
their own (not to mention thC' 
!'conomy and quipt involvf'ci) 
Just because 747's cannot land at 
Lindbergh is not detrimpntal to 
San Di ego's growth ; just becau I' 
we don' t have dire t rout l'S to Sao 
Paulo, Tahiti , and Montreal isn't 
that bad pither (how many 
residents would actually travel 
frequently to these destinations?). 
PSA jets from San Diego tak(' 2D-
25 minutes to reach LAX . 

16. Unfortunately for the students of UC, the voters were as 
misguided as four of the peop le on the Editorial Board. 

PROP 16 would havp shifted the fee-setting power from the 
Rl'gents to the State legislature. If history is a good predictor, thi S 
would have benefitted UC students It was only a fpw years ago that 
the Legislature offered the Regents about $26 million to offset thE' 
Income that would be lost if the $100 per quarter Educat ion fee WNE' 
eliminated . Gov. Reagan vetoed that measure. 

Maybe with a new governor and a change in the Board of Regents' 
mak<:!up, we might sti ll have a chanre for a fep reduction . NE'ver-
the less, I would have been more comfortable if th Legislature had 
total control of fees. 

I'm crossing my fingers, but I st ill think that we had our chance and 
we bl;? it. 

TOM LEANSE 

Retain Humanistic Psych 
Int" rtlisciptl nary 1U and i 1 UegJn Eevprill \lears ago to meet student 
deman~s for a coursr In humanistIC psychology which was not part of 
the u"li\lersity curri culum. The course was sponsored by thE' Revel l{' 
Prove st Office and developed by th e Counsel ing and Psychologl al 
servil es. 

L~t June, the Coun il of Provosts callpd a mppling. ThE' purposp of 
thp ITIf'eting was to hpar stud nts' VlpWS rpgard lng lhp rancpllatlon of 
Interdisciplinary 10 and 11 . A total of three students w re pre ('nt . 
The reason for such a low student attendance was due to thp last 
minute time change on the part of the administration and the la k of 
publiCity. It was apparent that student input was not a part of th l' 
decision to cancel these classes 

triton 
times 

MMcoim A . Smlflt. Edlto, 
EdwanI E. Simon •• Men."'. Edlto, 
John H. Teylor. CIty Ed,.., 
JonI Mood,. c.", Edlto, 
Mllre RoblttNn • • u.'- ""---
"."., o.cll • • Am Editor 

raae 2 Triton Times Nove",ber 11, 1974 

W(', as students, r annot understand why the administration would 
(an el a class if they were aware of th e need. The popular desi rab.lity 
of InterdiSCiplinary 10 and 11 was expn'ssf'd by ' the students in the 
CAPE handbook. 

The psychology department at UCSD i~ exceller)t and plovldes a 
valuable learning experience for a studpnt interested in C'xperimpntal 
psychology. However, the department's fu rrent course offerings do 
not oresent a broad view o f psychology. An important part of the 
educational process is the exposure of the student to many different 
fie lds of \ho~ght so that he may dec ide (and not the universi'ty decide 
for him) the spE'c ific (Wed of study he wishf's to pursue. 

We would like to know if any attempt has been made by the ad-
ministration to reinstate humanistic psychology classes . WI' are 
awaiting a response from Paul Saltman, VICe Chancellor of Academic 
Affairs . Chancellor MrF lroy and the Provosts of Muir, Revelle, Third, 
and r ourth Co llpgps I n addition, WI' hav(' sent this letter to 
Asspmblyman John Vdsconcpllos, mpmber of the Postsecondary 
Edu("ation CommIW'C' 

C, AYLF HAM[RLING 
BRAD STEI.NFFLD 

Send Jets to LA. 
In r l'~pon se to J.R. Froman's (omment in " Letters" (Triton Times. 

On. 6) I am writing against a joint L.A.-San mego transcontinental 
jptport I propose that San Diegans can presesntly use L.A. In-
t('rnationdl for thpir transportation ,w(>rl~ ilbroad, just a~ conveniently 

IUrIt IfobIMon • ...... Etliror 
JoII" .... _ • ..". EdItrH 
Ted ...."". ~ .. EfIIteI 
If ... tIwrtI 
I»vld c.aIdr, 
,...", w..tfw. 

..",.. G. So .. , ~. CIfp EdIrera 
ICttfItr c.., ..... ~ 
Fr." K,.,.IM/clll. A •• t . .".," ... 

-- , TN Triton nm. .......... M...,. 
W ....... V •• 1Id FrI4Iay .. all ........., 

If San Diegans could be morE' 
flexi ble in their flight schedules. 
they <;ould save millions of 
dollars. Let Los Angeles (or in thp 
future, Palmdale. Ca .) take thl' 
brunt of air traffic . We don't need 
it here at this time. 

MARTIN CONOLEY 
STAFF, FOURTH COLLEGE 

raeDI"t •• " .,ud_", " ....... r. pull"."." IIv ,,,. UCID CDIn-
""'....... ........ Fer ........... . phanaC-_ For ............. __ , 
...... C ..... 

Low 

aadCheap 
Shots , by Idwlrd Simons 

'The Hicks Experiment 
Last week, this year's entering Medical School class partici pated in 

an unusual aperiment comparing the relative merits of marijuana and 
alcohol in their f'/fects upon sexual activity . 1 he pXf,)erimPOt was 
lOnduc.ted by Dr. Harvey Rutter, who could not be rpached tor 
comment, largely due to his recent suicide. (He was found last Monday 
in a janitor's closet with twenty-seven scalpel wounds in his back. 
Rutter's colleag~es at the Med School insisted on an autopsy, whit h 
returned a verdICt of accidental death. "Fell Or] >his knife," was the 
official opinion .) ' . 

Volunteers were solicited at the end of the M('d School oripntation 
lecture. Rutter's assistant, Greg Hicks, reportpd that respon's was 
t'ncouraging with 100 per cent of the class voluntepring. Th ' control 
portion of the experiment (that is, spxual activity with nE'ither dopE' or 
alcohol) attracted no volunteers,' thus requiring the pxperimpntl'rs to 
tap the senior bio classes at Revelle. Again, response was over-
whelming. 

The stated purpose of the experiment, Hicks said, was to detprmin.' 
whether sell was more enjoyable with dope, alcohol , or just hy itself 
Thl' m<'thod was to pair persons who were under the influpnLe of grass 
and alcohol, respectively. Since the Med class has 80 ml'{l and only 16 
woml'n, Hicks was asked how pairing could be suitably arrangf'd . 
"Actually," he pxplained, "this is to our benefit, giving tl':e C'xperirn<'nt 
a morf' objective outlook. Think of it as. a constant fa tor of fivp ." 
When it was suggested that the experiment seemed rathf'r spxist that 
thp wompn were being taken advantage of. HickS assured u; the 
woml'n would be reimbursed for mileage. . 

The C'lIperiment took place at the Piranha Beach Hotel, third and 
fi fth suites. 

Jill Morri~, our correspondent on the beat, gave some highlights on a 
telephonic link : 

"Things started off rather slowly here until the contraband arrived . 
At that point, pveryone drank and smoked till they had reached the 
planned level of intoxication. This level was inolCated by a pausf!-
before answering simple questions. After this test was passed they were 
more or less left to their own, with the proviso that they consume their 
app,?inted adulterants at a constant rate. 

'A sort of spinning wheel was set up to select partners, and there was 
quite a lot of laughter at this stage. One of the women remarked how 
she ~uld get it if her folks ever found out. That caused a ripple, but 
thp tidal wave came when one of the men added that she 'would get it 
anyway.' 

" I must say, right now, that I've seldom seen so many open-minded 
people in one place before. I asked one girl why she decided to par-
ticipate in thp experimpnt . She looked toward the ce iling, her head 
rorked to one sidp. She grinned and nodded her head. 'Basically: she 
\aid. 'I'm horny.' There were a few cries of 'here here' in honor of h r 
hon0sty. Shp S('C'm{'d to pcho the mood of the pa~ty . 

" It is a wpll known fa ct in academic circles that the m re intpiligent 
c1 pC'rson IS, thp hornlN that JX'rson is. This being so, it is well to keep in 
mind that the pC'oplC' with ml' hPre belong to the highest ranking 
Ilwriiral school in thp nation and, possibly, the world . They arC' 
drfi nitC' ly th l' cream of our age. 

" It should omC' as no surprisf', then, that thrse students are also 
among thp horniest prop II' on thC' facp of th{' C'a rth In fact, four young 
IllPIl are r vpn now tryin g to coax me out of thp glass booth . 

" As I tand her{', st{'aming in my puncture proof steel radial jump 
sui t. I r an't hC'lp hut--wa it, I b{'lieve the first shift is coming out . Yes, 
thl' first shift is flnlshl'd and thl' second IS coming alive now. There is 
somC' amount of confusion here and it's hard to tell who's ("oming and 
going At any rate I'm moving out of the booth now and I' ll try to speak 
to thl' first shift P<'ople to get somr impressions. 

Conlinued on Page 7 

UCS·NDlEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

The unofficial Fly With us for 
state bird, PSA, has a sonQ to eleven cihes. 
more flights connectlOg Wanttocatch a PSAGnnning-
northern and southern Cali- btrd? Thafs easy Just calch 
fornia than any other airline up With your campus rep. 

...... ,.. ... 

lriminal Justice 
A not!' to all Poli SCL students and those in-

tPrpstro in law : a serie} f five lectures on criminal 
justicp will take place at the Collegf' Grove 
"hopping Cl'ntN Community Hal) and thl' &'n Polak 
I inC' Arts Cl'ntpr stdrting today an d will continue for 
fivl' w~ks . Thp fiV(' If'c turps will inclune " Iu~tice 

The Fourth Re 
lor Ch i IlIn"' .· .. r (o() Largp 1 () '" at Ldrge." 
" Stanford Expprim('nt : Too RC'al fo Simu latC'," Are 
I'rison~ Fffprtivp/" and " Pri ~on Psychiatry: The 
Cr imI' c f I rl'atml'nt ." For further information 
(on tan thp Fourth Collpg(' Provost Office. 

Student Reps 
Two more student reps have been chosen to 

serve on Fourth College Committees : Barb Weintrab 
will serve as a rep on the Advisory Committee on 
Student Fee Programs, and Kathy Fitch will serve on 
the Career Counciling Committee . 

Registration 
Concerning Registration: ori ginally all Fourth 

(ollpg(' ~tudE'nt~ had to gpt thl·ir advisors signaturE' 
bl'fofl' thplr program cards woulci be accppted. This 
is now rt'qulred only of juniors and Seniors Therl' is a 
list of Fae ulty advisors in,the officp for those who are 
not sure of the name of their advisor Everyone is 
rf'mlnded that the last day Registration carns can be 
turnl'(1 I n is Friday, November 15. 

orter A feature devoted exclusively to announcements and ' events concemin Fourth Colle e. 
Last Monday an open Fourth College student 

mwting was held in the student center. Thl' mpetings 
will be announced in the future and all students 
should feel free to attend. 

Thprp WNf' reports from various committees and 
future pljlns ( oncernlng the (ollegp government . 
Various social activities werC' also discussed. 
Presently, the Social Affairs committee is designing a 
survey that will be used in rliscoveri ng what actiVities 
Fourth College students want. There is also a survey 
being made up by Career Planning that will bp 
finding out what type of speakers that students want . 
Six students also volunteered to work as a task forcE' 
to design various models of governments. 

Chiappelli to Speak at 10th UCSD Library Meeting 
The Friends of the UCSD 

Library will ce lebrate its first 
decade at the Friends tenth 
annual meeting next Tuesday. at 
the La jolla Country Club. 
- Guest speaker will be Dr. Fredi 
Chiappelli, director of the Center 
for M edieval and Renaissance 
Studies at UCLA, who will discuss 
"Machiavelli in Action ." 

Chiappelli is recognized for his 
writings on Italian literature with 
speCial emphasis on Machiavelli, 
the Italian statesman, writer and 
nolitical philosopher of the 1.5th 

and 16th Cl'n turies . 
Born in Floren ce, Italy, 

Chiappelli came to UCLA in 1959 
from the University of Lausan'ne, 
Switzerland . At UCLA. his 
research has focused on 
Machiavelli's writings of the arly 
16th Century. 

He also created the Center for 
Italian Studies at UCLA and 
helped establ ish the instruction 
of Italian in publ ic high schools in 
Santa Monica and the Los 
Angeles Unified School District. 

Since the Friends was founded 

in 1964, the group has helped the 
University Library at UCSD 
acquire significant and rar books 
for the library'S co llections . 
Special presentations have been 
made at important milestones In 
the library'S history including gifts 
of the 250,OOOth volume in 1965 
the 5OO,OOOth volume in 1968, th~ 
750,OOOth volume in 1970 and the 
one millionth volump last 
December. 

The organization currently has 
more than 1,000 members 
throughout San Diego County. 

**********'! ;\ e r f r. ******** ~\eU Cll]k:r 
100% natural 
.tCe Crea~ 

Come Try A Taste Of Our Unbelievably Creamy 
Homema¥e Cream ~.'f.e~ t 

. ~~\ o~ ee~ 
• <;,'QeC • co ~ 

Irs OUTRAGEOUSLY DELICIOUS! ~~ t t Beside the Crystal Pier in Pacific Beach 
:;*******;I;;;.;:;;Fri :;;;;n 12-9 ******~ ... 

to 

Roots would like 
your next walk to class 

be a part of your education. 
We'd like you to learn a little about your 
feet-why theY work as they do, and why 
they don't alw.ays work as they should. 
Did you know, for example, that if instead 
of banging your soles about on campus 
concrete, you were to go strolling bare-
foot on a beach, two things would result. 

Arst, your grades would drop. Sec-
ondly, your heel would make the 
deepest part of your footprint. 
This is because nature intend-
ed your heel to be the lowest 
part of your body. So in Roots 
your heel sits in the lowest 

10909 Klnross-"'e. 
~.twood VIII .. 

(2Il) 471-0101 

part of the shoe. You immediately stand 
straighter. And when you walk, you use 
leg muscles you probably haven't used 
'for years. All of this takes the load off 
other parts of your body, parts which all 
too often get overworked from incorrect 
posture. lf you're wondering whether all 

------ . 
this can happ~n in good-looking 

well-made fcotwear, try on a pair 
for yourself. One look should 
pel :>ucult! yuu that nUOll:t b 
much more than a beautiful 
idea. 
It's also a very attractive shoe. 

1218 Proapect St. 
L. JoII •. Calif. 

(714) 459-3611 

PaRe 3 Triton Times November 11 , 1974 



, 

Tiny "Varks" Theatre of the Deaf 
Space is tight 50 nC. . eguJor Aart-Vark column today. Keep your 

eyes to these pages though, for it soon. lust 0 few tidbits of note: Onl' of the most unique and highly-praised tht'atrical attractions of rE'Cl'nt years will be presentPd by the Campus p,ogramming Board at 
uCSO In thl' Gymnasium November 18, at 8.00 p.m . UCSD ThE'atrl"s first production of the season "The Country ~ifE''' 

opens Fnday and runs Nov. 15, 16, 17, and 20, 21, 22, 23, 24 . Tickets 
art' going vE'ry, Vf.'f'y fast so get soml' quickly to avoid disap-

A (ompany ot tourtPen virtuoso actors will perform, using a 
mmbination of mimI', dance, visual language, music and narration in 
,I nE'W and I'loQuent thf'atrical ropcept. The Company's thirtf'f'n 
national tours, two Broadway E'ngagements ami pight EuropE'an, 
Asian, and Australian tours have E'arned the troup" sets of ravE' 
fPvipws and gratifying audience response. Samuel Hirsch of the 
Boston Hl'rald Traveler has statt'd, "There are three speaking actors 
who say thl' words in dose harmony with hand spE't'chE's of the df>af 
actors, and in an instant you'rE' drawn into their soundlt' s world in a 
(om:ortablE' and f.ascinating companionship. 

pointment. . 
1 he first prl'sentation to be hE'ld in tht> Mandeville Art GallE'rY has 

opened: a rl'trospt>ctive showing of l.A. artist, Barbara Smith . 
CPS pr('5E'nts the Blackearth Percussi?n Croup No~ . 16 in the 

Revelle cafeteria . See Concert Notes on Friday for details. 

Drama Club to Spread Roots 
" It IS so subtly synchorniLed, so sweetly tunPd that tht' integration 

of spokf'n pot'try and choreographed hand language is complete 
IwforC' you reali.fe you've been transfixed . Your concentration is as 
(omplt'tt' as theirs, and so is your delight. " 

Th(' MagnificE'nt MandrakE' 
Root by Nic-collo Machiavelli , 
will bp performPd for the first 
tim!' November 13 on the steps of 
thf' UCSO Gym at noon. The play 
IS being presentE'd by the Upp & 

umming MC'dicine Show, a 

vaudE'villE' com pany spon or('d 
by thp UCSD Drama Club. 

OirE'cteci by Marc Sabin, the 
play takE'S placE' in San rranc~co 
in 1906. It (f'nters around a young 
man, Carlton, and his attempt to 
win the beautiful Madonna 

~...,... Everything New in 
Skis and Clothing 

FREDEmCK'S SKI &: HIKE 
Outfitters 

7722 Fay A venue 
La Jolla 454·1410 

Snow reports 454-2351 

As surprising, mysterious and 
powerful as Castaneda's previous 

books have been, Tales of Power goes 
far beyond them. It is don Juan's 
final statement, the fulfillment of 

Castaneda's maIVelous and unique 
opportunity to open "the door 

to the unknown." 

A Book-of-the-Month 
CluL Alternate· 

A Psychology Today 
, Book Club Selection 

September. $7.95 

PaRr 4 Triton Times No~('mMr 11 , 1tJ74 

SIMONAND/J 
SCHUSTER I't 

LUCf('cia . With thf' aid of a 
pa ras i tf' friE'n d, A I('xander, 
Carlton plans his way into 
Lucrecia's heart by getting hPr to 
drink a potion made from the 
Mandr ake Root. 

This season the company will prt'sent a double bill" " The Dybbuk" 
and " Prisc illa, Princess of Power." ''The Dybbuk" is a masterpiece of 
j('wish folk art . This extraordinary tale of young 10vE'rs possessed by 
demons has Its ongin in ancient cabalistic ritual. A highly-charged 
elrama with a hair-raising E'xorrism sCt'n(', "Thp Dybbuk" is an idt'al 

Carlton is played by Chip vehi II' for the uniquE' theatrical lyle of th(' NTD. Direc tor john 
Farr('ll. Assisting Carlton in his BroomI' of thl' Royal Shakt'sPf'an' Company of Grf'at Britain anrl the 
mdE'avors IS his tricky servant NTD Company fashioned this nf'W ~ta gf' pifff' from thp Joseph Landis 
Si ro , playpd by Tim O'Npil, who translation 
riOI'S all thp sneaky work . Using thp Pop Cu lturp world of comic books ancl a tory and id('as 
Alpxandf'r, thp (ook le-pati ng from faml'd Nl'w Yorkf'r cartooni t, Jam ('~ tpvpnson, director, Ld 
paras It!', is playpd by Fugenf' WatprstH'f't, Jr , and thf' TO Company sppnt two month~ in IITI-
Iluckman; thp Rpverand I. T. provisational r('hparsals d!'vE'loping "PrISCilla, PnncE'S of Pow('r " A 
Timolt'o, an alcoholi c man of totally !Omic look at thp supN-charg('(1 worlrl of up!'r morality, till' 
pINY, play('d by Gordon Lusk; play KAPOW and VAROOMS its way to SUfX'r-hdarious Ilfl' . Pn ( dla 
Lucrpcia's pushy mother, OVffcomps l'vpry known and a few unknown, forcps of I'vi l without 
Augusta, portraYE'd by Madellnp (Ivm mussing hE'r hair, wrinkling her ski rt , or snaggi ng hN stocking~ WeiSE" the incredulous Algernon 
H Ni'cholas, a San Francisco Both plays have S<'ttings by DaVid Hays, rost lmt'S by rrl'fl VOf'lppl , 
Import-('xport m<'rchant, played and light ing by Guy Uergquist . For tlCkE't information all. 4'l2-4090 
by Kpnt DorsE'Y; and ?f course, *"'f"'IiI .. 4ftft'a .. *"'~ .. 4ftl 
the woman of Carlton s dreams, ....,.."' .. 

~~~~~~~~P~~~b:~~~P~i~~!~ ~~ , U(CSD THEATRE 
F('ddlebpggar makes his usual 
(am('o appearances as a hundred ~ PRESENTS ~ year-old miner. 

All plac('d In Gorrlon Lusk's 

:~oa~ttif~f p~r~~~ ~~~t~::~thi,~ ~ The Country Wife . 
magnificent San Francisco SN, ~ 
ThE' Magnificent MandrakE' Root 
will havE' additional per- by WiUiam Wycherley 
formancE'S at I ash ion VallE'Y on 
November 16th, at 11 :00, 1 :00, ~ 
and 3:00; at Scripps Park In La ~ 
jolla on ovpmber 17 at 12'()() Directed by ERIC CHRISTMAS 
and 2.00; in Balboa Park on 
Saturday ovpmber 23rd at the 
Organ Pavillion at 12 :00 and 2'00 ~~~~S~~~~~n~~~p7;b~ 24 in the ~ November 15, 16, 17, 8:00 pm, 

All pE'rformanc('s are free of and 20, 21, 22, 23, 24 
charge. With so many per- . 
formances and thE' price of ad- b: $1.50 students $3.00 general 
mission 0 low, you can't afford =:l 
not to spend an mjoyablE' Tickets available at UCSD Drama Dept x3791 
wE'E'kenrl afternoon se In g Thf' 
MagniflcC'nt Mandrake Root .,..--=»...,,~.,..~..,.. .~ 

The Because" Contraceplor:· .. 
a renmkable birlh conliolln~nt1on 
containing SiX uses of ~cally 
tested anf recommen~ birth 
conlrol prolecl.1on in one conhacept.or 
Un1t. IDhing else is needed 

.. jw:t Because 

1M BS 
Playoffs Start Sunday 

by Kirk Robinson 
OnrE' again we bring you 

stories cJ courageous battles from 
the flE'lds of Intramural football. 
Friday and Saturday action set the 
stages for the upcoming playoffs 
in the mpn's leagues, 

Friday saw the Scripps Sempn 
take on a powerful collection of 
ruggers, basketball players and 
ot hpr assorted bullies, collec-
tively known as Eat at the Y. You 
think the nam(' is gross, watch 
them play somf'timt' . 

Well 'fans, that's C'xactly what 
Scripps did, watch them play It 
wasn 't !'ven close. Scripps, who 
had previously upset the pre-
season favorite Baboons, were 
totally obliterated by th e 
powerful conglomeration of 
" EatNs." 

Bdore the Sempn E'ven arose to 

provide the Y with a contest, Y 
had a 27-0 Ipad. Mark Read lE'd 
the attrack, throwing four TD 
paSSE's . BonesteE'le, Purcell 
(twice) and Monk Waite wpre on 
the receiving end of the TO 
strikes. 

Scripps did manage to avoid a 
shutout, scoring in the last two 
minutE'S on a Charlie Johnson to 
Jim Yout, tackle pligible play. 

In action on Saturday the 
Baboons, oncE' again led by the 
immortal Jimmy, tuned up for 
Sunday's opening playoff game 
by trouncing a co mplE'tf' ly 
outclassf'd Chem-Med team, 38-0. 
jimmy was sharp, hitting for 5 
TD's, including surprise scores to 
Ron Uyeda and Rotund (a lias R T. 
or better known as Rick Tronttl . 

The' win for the Baboons (am(' 

aftrr a loss to thp Y tE'am, 12-0 
This gamp was the f irst tim!' In 
who-knows"how-Iong that Jimmy 
has b!'e'n \hutout. Till' Ilaboons 
looked bad, period 

Now that thf' teams have' 
warml'd up, playoff artlon will 
[X'gin thi s weE'kpnd . By vi rtuf' of 
winning thp Amnesty for All 
Lf'ague tit lE', Eat at th(' Y will b<' 
seeded first, playing Bonlo 
Sunrlay at 10 a.m . 

Onf' I('ague tit lE' still hasn 't 
IX'en dpcldE'd, that in the Pardon 
for Nonp LpaguE'. The Punks, 
Stumblers anrl arls are still vying 
for two playoffs spots from that 
1E'a!lue. Looks like the Punks have 
an insidl' shot at the title by virtue 
of thplr 19-0 blitz of the ads of 
Saturday . 

State· Sinks Tritons Again 
by Bert L'~ Thp Tritons werp a bit slow in starting thl' gam( ', il ~ 

Statl' scorE'cI aftpr only flftpE'n seconds of plaps('(1 
Thl' UCSD watN polo tpam took on powprful ar h - Uml' and quickly scoH' d thrE'(, morE' tim!' to take a 4-

rival San OIPgo Stat(' and plaYl'd what Coach Gary 0 advantage at thp pnel of the intial stan/a . Thl' 
IIt·( kpr tl'rml'd "onp of our fim'st pHorts of thf' season Altecs totally dominated the Tritons, both on of-
for thrt'!' quartprs of th(' ~am('." Unfortunatl'ly for the f('nse, whE'rE' they continually pestered goalie Bob 
1 ritons, tlH' first quarter was a ciiffPr('nt tory as Statf' Alpi, and also on defen 1', whE'rE' they stifled the' 
lumlwd off to it quick Ipad which pnablpd them to Tritons and did not allow a shot on goa l 
dl'fl'at thl' Tritons 9-4 last rriday night in th(' hom(' In the second quarter, the Tritons woke up and 
Ililtatorium began to play competitively against State. Several 

- "'" - - shots by Corky Hull and JOE' Miller just missed the 

-

COMMUNITY 
8LOOOIANK 

3Z1 f. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
forsenke 

Mon.-Sit. 
':&-5:)0 
CIoMdSun. 
233-&481 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up·to-date, 
176-Ptlge, tnail order catalog 
of 5500 topics, Enclose 
$1 .00 to COY" postage (1 -2 
days deli'lery tim.) . 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE 1203 

lOS ANGELES. CA. 90024 
Ou, maIer ... , It. ,old fo' 

' ... ltCh purpoees only 

State goa l The ALtecs, however, were able to fast 
break and ratch the Tritons off guard to score again 
to makE' the sore 5-0 and then scored again on a 51 x 
man on five man situation (due to a penalty on the 
Tritons) to makE' a S em lngly Insurmountable 6-0 
If'ad at halftimp 

Thp SE'cond half was almost an exact opposite of 
thp firs t half as the Tritons were able to out-s ort' 
Statt' 4-3 ThE' econd half was a show case for Aiel , 
it, hf' mad!' tf'n sav('s, onE' of them coming on a 
'pe'ctacular play stopping a frf'E' pE'nalty shot glVE'n to 
tatp The' Tritons passf'eI well, and finally S ored 10 

til(' th ird ppriorl whpn Hull madE' a long shot Into the 
nght hand <.ornE'r of thl' goal The third period ended 
(~1 In favor of Stat I' I 

In th(' fourth PNIOd , both teams scored thri ce, 
With Hull scoring once morE' and Alan O'hern tWice 
or th(' Tritons. Thp two ~quads battled ewnly In thiS 

l>i'rlod, and th(' gamf' l'nrlE'd 9-4 In favor of State . 
Coae h 1\('( ker wa pl('ased with the overall ptay, 01 

1111' tpam against StatE' which rank as one of the top 
tm tl'al11S in thC' nation Hf' noted, that the defense in 
till' <;('(onrl half was ('xtremply good and praised Alei 
.for hi ~oa l work 

Thl' n('xt homp game is Nov. 20 against Am-
bassador College. 

The Triton Times 
needs a graphic artist 

Contact Larry Decllel, TT office 9-5 1-3466 
[please bring examples of worll] 

SELF PSYCHOTHERAPY 
• new book by Albert Steinkirchn., I.D. 

shows how to 
resolve hang-ups 

by yourself 
$1.95 at BOOK STORES ~ 

A.in Publishing Co., 1608 Pacific Ave., 
Vaice, Ca. 90291 

An Afternoon of Footba II 
Scripp's vs. Eat at the Y 

Your dad's 
check bounced. 

You owe yourself an Oly. 

O:ympl3 BreWIng Company OJyrr.PIJ , Washlngl0n · OlY ·1Ii 
A tl Olympia empties are recyc lable 

~~~tr mntr~ 
5TUDENTS ~ ... o AAPPV IOJR 
f'R1C£.«.:> ItLL N ITE 

M'S OFFEIS 
tNUf'bIWYE HUl.!., 

YI.~,~Of 
RU./1boLT~ 
Joc6aAu., _ DINC.INIb 
,., ~ Of: U'~ filS 
BIUIWAHbS. 

OPE.. AT II AM rat UJ«H. MAf'Pj 
- - ........ DAlL.Ij fra-. II 'TL6 , MN~ 'SiIMJ 

Ar 9 PM 7 Nl~a 

~tt!i>~TI 
3 Ila.ICS Fti4"T* altA 

IN P. B. 



New Elements 
ii Pilullronlnw 

S.ince the time of the early alchemists, man has had a persistent 
ciE'Slre to neate ne~ .elements from those already existing. However, it 
was not until the discovery of nuclear fission and fusion in the 20th 
rpntury that such dreams began to materialize. Starting from Uranium 
nuc lear chemists were able to increase the roll-call of the elemE'nts-th~ 
pt'riodlc .table-from the natural 92 to the most recent discovery-
" Element'106." . 

Last Monday evening in HL Auditorium scientists at UCSD listened 
with rapt atte~tion to Dr. Glenn T. Seaborg, a member of the team that 
made the discovery of Element 106 at the Lawrence BE'rkeley 
Laboratory at UC BE'rkeley. 

Using the SuperHILAC .accelerator, the fusion technique, according 
to. Dr. Seaborg, was achieved by bombarding Califorium 249 target 
with oxygen 18 nuclei, producing an isotope of Element 106 with 
atomic weight 263 and half-life of 0.9 sec. The essential clue to this 
ignificant discovery came from the recorded presence of an emitted 

alpha particle with 9.06 million electron volts of energy which changed 
the Element 106 into an isotope of Element 104 called Rutherfordium 
259 in the US, Kurchatovium in the USSR (Element 104 then emitted 
alpha particles of 8.11 million electron volts and changed to Elempnt 
102 (Nobelium 255) which eventually decayed to Fermium 251 . 

The discovery of element 104 is also claimed by the Soviet Union but 
with different starting elements. Bombarding lead 207 and 208 with 
Ch romium 54, the Soviet team led by Fierov and Oganessian claimpd 
rpCOrding fission products which point to the creation of Element 106. 

Dc Seaborg added that experiments are underway not only to 
ciup llcate (If possIble) the Soviet claim but also to search for the other 
possiblp plempnts-Element 107 and Element 108. 

How useful will these new elements with such short lifetimes be to 
mankind? Time will tell. 

Representative From 
University of Southern California 

to be on cam pqs 
Tuesday, N'ovember 19 

Graduate study information -- all fields in Leiters 
Arts & Sciences, with special emphasis on Scienc'e 

Contact Career Planning & Placement 
453-2401 

FREE HAIRCUTS! 
(off shoulder) 

For Men or Women 
The Hairworks needs models for hair cutting 

classes in new techniques being taught to 
professional hairdressers. < 

For information call 454· 0103. . 

Artist 
COnsultants 

KFMB Presents 
Mac Davis 

with Special Guest Star 
ANNE MURRAY 

SAT., NOV, 16. 8:00 PM 
San Diego Sports Arena 

Tide's: s". r;o, sr;. <;0, S4.')0 
Tickets on sale Arena Box Olfice, Bill Gamble's 
Men's Stores, all Arena aaencies 

P.l~(, h Triton Times NO\lember 11, 1974 

Biofeedback Help for Ulcer Patients 
II< V I NE-Tht' potential for "thinking away" ex-

cessivE' stomach acidity and duodenal ulcers is 
being t'xplored by UC Irvine researchers under a 
$75,500 grant from the National Institute of MPntal 
H('alth. 

Preliminary evidence suggests that many ulcer 
patients can If'arn to relieve their malady through 
positive mental control engendered in a technique 
known as biofeedback, said Dr. Peter Wf'lgan, 
as"stant clinical professor in the department of 
psychiatry and human behavior at the UCI College 
of Medicine. 

The technique involves the use of mechanical 
dials and gauges to show patients exactly what is 
going on inside their own bodies. By concentrating 
on the information provided by the gauges, many 
patients may be able to achieve varying degrees of 
conscious control over the amoullt of acid secreted 
into the stomach, Dr. Welgan explained. 

"The gauge provides a continuous flow of 
physiological clues that usually we just don't 
notice." he said . 

In the course of the two-year study 60 patients 
with duodenal ulcers will be trained in biofeedback 
control of stomach acid secretion with an plectrode 
and gauge 10 monitor the concentration of acid in 
the stomach. Th(' E'lectrbde will be fed into the 
stomach through the nasal and gastric passageways 

(lnci wired to thf' g.lUgC'. " 
"WI' will lx, att£>mpting to mnfirm th(' t'arlier 

findings and also dt'tf'rminf' if ulcer suffer('rs can 
learn to control hydrochloric acid secretion in thf'ir 
digestive tracts without the hf'lp of machinE'ry," 
said Dr. WE'lgan, who is co-investigator in the UCI 
project with Dr. Gordon Globus, associah' 
professor. 

Hydrochloric acid is vital to the nigestion of 
food, but wht>n too much is secreted or it is not 
neutralized sufficiently by other digestive juices, it 
also consumes the lining of the digestive tract and 
causes ulcers . 

For patients who learn to mntrol ('xcess acid 
secretion thp second step in the study will be 
"wpaning" from the bioff'E'dback £'quipment. 

"W(' want them to I('arn to use their own boclies 
as a biofet'dback apparatus," sain Dr. Welgan. a 
clinical psychologist with the Orange County 
DPpartment of Mt'ntal Hroalth, who has bf'E'n 
conducting bioff'E'dback research for several years. 

In other studies hI' has reported progress using 
biofeedback therapy with 5ufff'rE'rs of migrain(' or 
tension headaches and high blood pressure. 

Dr. Welgan teaches through University Extension 
a course entitled "Currpnt Trenns in Hiofepdback 
Research . " 

Richard 't'nks 

Scientis~ Duplicate CeJI Wall 
RIVERSIDE- Scientists at the 

University of California, Riverside 
have duplicated in a test tube the 
formation of a living cell wall. 

Dr. L. G. Weathers, chairman of 
UCR's plant pathology ' depart-
ment, says that this research 
accomplishment represents a 
major contribution to man's 
understanding of living cells . 

"To our knowledge," he ex-
plains, " this ach ievement 
repres nts the first time that a . 
visible cell wall has been syn-
thesized in the absence of a living 
ce ll or its membranes." 

The researchers who havp 
dpvelop('d a system for syn-
thpsiling cpll wall microfibrils in 
vitro (outside of a liVing (('II and 
in an artificial E'nvlronmE'nt) ar(> 
Dr . S. Bartnicki -Garcia and Dr J. 
RUII-HNrera . 

Dr . l3artn i ki -Garcia is a 
profpssor of plant pathology at 
UCR. Dr Rui/ -Hprr('fa h(>ads the 
microbiology d('partmpnt at th(" 
[s(uela Naclonal dr Ciencias 
Iliologicas. I nstituto Politecnico 
Nacional, ME'xico City . H£' 
collaborated with Dr. Bartnicki-
Garcia in the cp ll wall research at 
UCR wh de on leave from his 
school 

"Although much progress has 
b(>(>n mild" In r('cent ciE'cades in 
lIndNstanding thp struc. tur(' and 
roil'S of !;pnps and proteins," Dr. 
l3artnicki -Gar ia notes. "com-
rarat lvt' lv little has been learned 
about othpr (I' ll structures suc.h 
as the ce ll wall. 

"RI? rf'atlng one 01 the most 

Important ndtural proCE'SSCS of 
l iving ce ll s is a rpsearc.h 
hrC'akthrough It opens a new 
fjrld of rxpNimf'ntation ' the 
pOSSibility of und<'rstancilng how 
(pllulosp and (hltlO, two of thp 
most Important natural ~ub­

~tanc ('s 10 thE' world, af(' formf'd . 
"ThiS de hll'vpml'nt also movps 
lI~ d \tl'l) {IOSN to t he' goa I of 

Forrest D. Cress 

understanding and pventually 
duplicating in the laboratory thp 
assembly of a whole microfibrillar 
cell wall ." 

Microfibrils (t iny fibers) awthe 
skeletal components and main 
ingredient in cell walls of most 

r('mov(' .the cpll walls. NE'xt, the 
upernatant fluid is usffi to 

. isolat(' a rplatively inactive f'n-
Iyml' in transparent solution . 
ThE'n, an activatE'd sugar ann 
othN ingrE'dipnts arp added to 
this solution. Within minutes, 

"CELL WALL MICROFIBRILS-Dr. Garcia [seated) and Dr. Herrera view 
a photo enlargement of cell wall microfibril. they synthesized. The 
magnifiution is 20,000 .times. 

fungi, algae and higher plants. 
They are composed of cellulose 
in plants and of chitin in fun~i. 

The two researchers worked 

wi th yeast c lis of the fungus 

Mucor Roulii to demonstrate that 
( hitin (hain~ ("an be syntt-~:;ized 
lind a~semblf'd into microfibrils 
With a olublr ('nlym(' 
pr<'paration that IS fr<'t' of (ell 
n1l'mbr an('s 

Thl' ypast «'115 arr brokf'n In a 
homog('ni/l'r and I ('ntnfugl'd to 

according to Dr. Bartnicki-Carcia, 
the solution becomes turbid, and 
the formation of a fibrous 
material can be seen. 

"Our finding is only for chitin, 
to datI'," h(' pxplains. "However, 
it may "ery well apply to the 
formation of cellulose becausE' of 
the similarity In structur(' of 
e pllulose and chitin " 

An articl.. by Dr. Bartnickl-
Garcia and Dr. Ruil-Ht'rrera on 

thl'ir u's.'are h d« oml)lI~hm('nt I 
In thl' (urn'nt Issue of Science 
maga/in!' 

" 

............ --------------------

Cal Aggie 
Under Fire 

Low Blows & Cheap Shots 
The in-house publication of the 

California State Employees 
Association has attacked the UC 
Irvine student newspaper, the Cal 
Aggie, for leaving "the totally 
false impression that a certain 
AFL·OO union has been actively 
pushing for the pending lump-
sum payments." 

The story, published in the 
November 1 issue of the "State 
Employee," referred to the 
payment of back pay to state 
employees that was held up 
recently by a T emproary Court of 
Appeals in Washington . 

The Aggie article said the union 
in question, the American 
Federation of State, County, and 
Municipal Employees, a rival of 
the CSEA; had supported the 
lump paymE'nt. 

The CSEA article claimed it did 
not. 

Continued from Pale 3 

"Sir, how do you feel about the experiment? What was your im-
pression of iH" 
'Oh ... df'ep. Very deep' 
'Were you dissatisfied with any aspect of iH 

Well, I must admit that it wasn't as long as I thought it would be. 
"ltv that, 00 you mean to say that your-
'I mean, the trial wasn't long enough . Not enough time. Get it?' 
"Not on this kind of a basis,. thank you, but enough about me. Tell 

me, lMlat was your ollerall feeling during your trial? 
'''It was 1J)Od ... and it was very good ... 1 felt warm and ... good. I mean 

like, real good." ' ' 
"That seems to be one happy young man, doesn' t it? 
'Well, we have what appears to be another one here with us now. 
'Hey, look, I'm sorry about that scene by the booth. I never meant 

to . ' 
"01, that's all right. It' ll come off. Do you think the experiment was 

worth the time you spent on it so far? 
'01, yes! In fact, I'm thinking of specializing in psychiatry now. I 

U5ed to think Freud was so much garbage, but now ... 1 never 
imagined ... I. .iust never imagined.' 

. "Let's see, you were under the intluence of alcohol , correct? 
'Yes, that's true. Bourbon, I think: 
"Did you notice any adverse effects? 
'I didn't, but 'Mrs. Smith ' said that I had a thick tongue: 
" Did you speak very much during your trial? 
'Wrll , now that I think of it, no. In fact, I wonder how she decided 

mv.:." 

That was our correspondent's telephonic r('port at thl' 'I I'nl' 
Assistant Hicks just yesterday finished sifting through thl' fI',llll' ot 

data gathered in the course of the p~perlmpnt. 
"On the whole," said Hicks. " t he pxperim('nt was a sure I'S5 Slllll' our 

" .. ta allowed us to make unambiguous conclusions HistOrically till' 
results are not earth shaking, but they do prOVide a tool for ~I'xllill 
therapy. We found that sex is Indeed enhanced by th,,- lIW of 
mariiuana. Alcohol mav lower the inhibition< f,1J1 Ih" ,,,,,p<oonrllnl! 
decrease in tactile sensitivity more or less can t::el each other out .. 

Hicks added that there seem('d to be no after-eff('ct rplatpcl to Plthl'r 
alcohol or grass. The single medical ppisode occurred whpn it wom"l1 
under the influence of alcohol became nauseous drUing hl'r tnal HI" 
stomach was pumped also. 

Short Groundwork 
" This is a bizarre system Continued from P<tge 1 

syndrome we 're into: for s.ix Capital is urgently npedpd to pay 
years 1J!e .were ruled b1 lunallcs the usual first and last month's 
and cnml"aI~, and.for the next rent when a new placp IS found 

I~O years we. re gOI,,!g 10 hafl,! 10 and to establish credit With hook 
"fie WIth their appointees. N,xon publishing companies 
was run out of tow.n, but not And third is the Groundwork's 
before ,~e named h,s own suc, need for volunteers to staff thl' 
cessor. store, plan programs, and becom(' 

Hunter S. Tho.J1lpson part of the collective 

The HP-80 financial. 
The HP-lS Electronic Slide Rule. 
Performs all baSIC anthmetlc. trig and log 
calculations automatically. Has an 
Addressable Memory. displays 10 d Ig Ils-
in fixed decimal or SCientific notallon , 

The HP-65 Fully Programmable. 
Performs virtually all time/money 

calculations 10 seconds. Has a 
2OO·year calendar, an Address · 

automatically posilions deCimal 
point throughout Its 200 rlecade 
range. Cost. $225? 

TheHP~S 
Adwnced 
Scientific. 
Performs 44 
SCientific lunctlons 
Including vector arlth · 
metlc. rectangular to 
polar converSion. mean and standard 
deViation. Has 9 Addressa ble 
Memones. At $325? Irs the pre · pro· 
grammed calculator for all sCient Isis. 
engineers and students of sCience 
and engineering. 

The world's only fully programmable pocket 
calculator. You can write. ed1t and record 
proqrams up to l00·steps long. Yo~ can 
take advantage of HP pre · recorded 
orograms. so you gain the speed/ 
accuracy benefits of programming 
Without writing your own. 
Performs 51 pre·programmed 
functions. Cost . $795· 

able Memory. Lets you make 
'IIIIJI....... new kinds of manage· 

ment calculations 
that enable you to 

make better 
deCisions. 

Cost. $395~ 

The 
HP.iO 

Business. 
Performs all 

sorts of general 
bUSiness. Interest. 

finanCial manage 
ment. lending. bor-

rowing and saving calculations 
- precisely, quickly, easily A 

FinanCial Memory Bank lets you 
enter numbers In any order and 

change them anyt ime. Has 2 
Addressable Me 110fles and a very 

affordable pnce, $275~ 

-All HP pocket calculators hive Hewlett-Pecklnj'l 
petented RPN logic system with .. Memory St.c:ka:ld 

carry e one,.., _rrenay on peril end labor, Prices 
.xclude ..... end IoceI Ie .... 

Make this a special Christmas. Ask for an instrument crafted to last your , 
working lifetime and designed to solve the problems you can expect to encounter HEWLETT PA<.;KARD 
throughout that lifetime. 

You can get a demonstration of HP calculators at your cam pus bookstore and a 
booklet that will help you select the calculator that's right for you , Sales and WlVocelrom 172off,ceSln6Scoonl ' e,. 

On your next trip home, drop a hint about the HP calculator you'd like. If it can't DellI. 1!1.l10"'u_oCIg ........ CUpertHlOC. 9!I014 
be found at the local campus bookstore. call toll ·free for name and address of 
nearest HP ... ealer. (100) S38-7122 (In CIIIt. GIll (100) eu·.a) 6"/37 
A Hewlett-Packard pocket calculator is a gift for a lifetime. 

,. 1 Triton Tintel NoweMber 11, 1974 



what's happening~ .... 
TT ITERS; Any r.port.r or 
_I... editor not .t the _. 
_tlng t.,,.orrow .t I p.m. in the 
offlc.. Of who d_ not m.k. 
.... ang.m." " with me to ba •• cu.ed. 
will be fired. Thera .ra no •• "..,tlon • . 
It. 111 /111 

Evwvon. Ia Invtt.d to com •• hara In the 
word of God-- I.h·1 fl,..ldea .. ch Tu ... 
ni.ht .t 1:00 In the .tudent c.nter. 
upatalre conf. room. 111/111 

The Wom.n·. Center Programming 
.roup will mNt today INov. 111 .t 1 
p.m. All Inteteated pef80ne w.lcom • . 
111/111 

Tranac.nd.ntal Medltatora--Ther. will 
ba .n .dv. meeting .nd group 
meditation Tu ... Nov. 12.t 7 p.m. In the 
Third Col .... D-orm Rec room. MIU will 
ba dlacuued. For Info cell Joa RI.kar. 
__ or __ 1140. 111/111 

HORSE lACK RIDING CLUI--Ther. will 
ba • m .. tlng Thurs .• Nov. 14 •• t 4:00 
p.m. in the Rec. Gym Conference room. 
to plan our n •• t ride. 111/131 

Intercolleglat. Track & Field T .. m 
M .. tlng will be held on Thursday. Nov. 
14. at 7:00 p.m. in the Phy.lcal 
Education Cla .. room. M.ln Gym. All 
int.r •• t.d stud.nt. .r. w.lcom • . 
111/131 

. 

Folk Danc. Club 11 /12. 8-11 p.m. Rec. 
Gym Conf. Rm. 111 /111 

Ther. will b. • Student Cooper.tlve 
m .. tlng tod.y .t 1:00 p.m. in the 
Stud.nt C.nt.r. All .r. urged to .n.nd. 
111 /111 

notices 
Footbell tourn.m.nt Tu ... Nov. 12 In 
the Stud.nt C.nt.r G.me Room. 111/111 

PRE-LAW STUDENTSIII ~SC will be 
hoatlng the P.clflc Pre-Law Conf.renc. 
thl. Wednesday. Nov. 13. Thirty law 
school. from acro; . the country lin-
cludlng four Ivy LHgu., will ba 
rapr_nted. Mew. Info .t Student Info 
Center. 412-4020 or Caraer Plennlng. 
412-3710. 111/131 

UCSD i. forming a PEP land. Whll •• 11 
mu.lcl.ne .ra urged to loin w. 
.. peclally need clerineta. barito_. 
be .... Itubaa •• ouaapho_1 _ ... nd 
p.rcu"ioni.t. with •• ta. Cont.ct 
R.nae X .... _ 111/111 

Wom.n·. C""'ar-Thi. Wednaaday .t 
noon our gu .. t will ba Moira Roth from 
the VI.u.1 Am Dept. 111 /131 

Important r.mlnder to .ppllc.nta for 
UK-lralend on EAP: .ppllc.tion. .r. 
due Nov.mb.r 13. Thi. d .. dllne mu.t 
be m.t. 111/111 

The Int.rcollaglat. B .. katball progr.m 
n •• d. your h.lpl M.n.g.,. . 
n.tl.tlcl.n •. tim.,. . Support your 
t .. ml S .. Barry Cunnlnghem or M.rgl. 
Smith in the Phy.lc.1 Educ.tion 
Dep.rtm.nt. Main Gym. 111/111 

110 Chem Clinic - Mon.-Thura. 2-1 & 7-
10. Fri. 2-1. Sun nltea. Muir 2B-21. 
111/271 

ATTENTION PRE -LAW STUDENTS: 
C_ W .. t.n R_rva Law School will 
hev. • r.p,...ntative on c.mpu. 
Monday. Nov. 11 .t the Raval" Formal 
Lounga. 2 - 1 p.m. Aleo. Boaton 
Univaralty School of Law will ba her. 
Tueaday. Nov. 12. 10 - 11 • . m . • t the 
Stud.nt C.nt.r G.m./Conf.r.nc. 
Room. Both repr_ntetivaa will talk 
• bout program.. ganeral .dmlulone. 
flnenclal .Id •. 111/111 

ATTENTION AU THIRD COUEGE 
DECLARED IIOLOGY MAJORSII In 
order to flnallz. Winter Qua,..,. 1111 
raglatr.tion. yOU mu.t gat tha Mgnatura 
of • faculty member In the 1i000gy 
D.partm.nt ALONG WITH the Biology 
D.p.rtm.nt .t.mp from Ruth 
Goldenhegen. 33a Bonner "'". The 
,Ignatura alone or the ,"mp .Ione will 
not b •• ufflclant. 111/111 

lectures 
Monday. November 11. 1174-3:00 p.m.: 
Room ... Belie Sclance luDdlng. Dr. 
A. L Copl.y. R_n:h Prof_. Dept. 
of M.dlcin.. N.w York M.dlcal 
CoIlag •. on the Enda-Endothaflal Fibrin 
Lay.r. 111 /111 

Tu .. dey. Nov.mber 12. 1174. 2:00 p.m.; 
Room B24I. B.MC Scl.nca lulldlng. Dr. 
John N. Diana. Prof_or. Dept of 
Phy,iology .nd Biophysic •• Unlv.rslty 
of low.. Prob"m. raletlng to Tran-
ac.plliery Exchang. of Fluid .nd Solut. 
Which Arl.. by Comp.rlng 
Mlcroacoplc .nd M.croacoplc Studl ... 
111/111 

Bill D.vl. from the Solid W •• t. 
M.nag.m.nt T •• k Fore. of San Diego 
will apeak on Solid W •• t • . La,.. Conf. 
Rm .• Student C.nt.r. tomorrow 7:00 
p.m. Sponaorad by UCSD Recycling 
C.nt.r. 

Regtnt" L.ctur.r. Mr. J.m .. laughlin. 
wllliectur. on the following det .. : Nov. 
11 at 4:00 p.m. in the Rav.lla Inform.1 
Loung.. S.mlnar on William Carloa 
Willl.m.; Nov. 13 .t 4:00 p.m. In the 
R.v.lI. Formal Loung.. Po.try 
R.ading; Nov. 14 .t 4:00 p.m. In the 
Rav.i.. Form.1 Loung.. Samlnar on 
William Carloa Willlama; Nov. 11 .t 4:00 
p.m. in the R.v.lI. Inform.1 Loung •. 
Talk on Hi.tory of N_ Directions. 
Ev.ryon. Is cordl.lly Invlt.d to an.nd. 
1111111 

Wed_dey. Nov.mber 13. 1174. 3:00 
p.m.; Room 71IM. Unay H.II. Dr. M. 
Gr.ngar Morg.n. Visiting A .. oclat. 
Phy.lclst. Brookh.v.n N.tlolf.1 
Laboratory. A .. _m.nt of the Blo-
Madlc.1 .nd Envlronmtntal Effacta of 
Energy: A Statu. Report on Work .t 
Brrokh.van N.tlon.1 Labor.tory. 
111/131 

On Novamber 13th .t 4:00. Ja_ 
laughlin will reed hie poetry .Ion. with 
David Antln. The .reedlng will be hafd In 
Rav .... •• Formal Lou,," .nd 18 frae .nd 
opa~ to the pubic. 111/131 

UCSD Lit. Dept. will ap_ • lectura 
by Pubhhar Dr. K"ua Waeanbach 
IB.rllnl on "K.fk.·e F.mlly L.nar." In 
Engl18h tomorrow .t 4:00 p.m. In the 
Ravel .. Formal Loung.. DIec ..... on of 
Dr. W.ganbech· ••• perlanc .. with hie 
.mall. but vary .ucc .... ul radical 
publ"hlng hou ... 

Nov.lI.t John B.II tonlght- -·'Th. 
Outlook for the Prof ... lon.1 
Novallaht." Arrangamenta to .nand 
I.ctura 17:00 p.m. HL-Audl ~y be made 
by ceiling M.ry M.rgaret Griffith this 
.fternoon 412-3431. 

new classes 
Hi.tory 122A. Pre-ravolutlonary Ruael." 
Social Hlatory. Tu-Th. 1:30-2:10 p.m .• 
Prof ... or M.nnlng. HI.tory 110. Anglo-
Am.rlc.n Rural lif.: 1 ..... '''''' MWF 
1:00-1:10 p.m .. Prof ... or Rltchl •. 112B, 
Indu.trl.llzatlon of Europ.: 1760-
Pr •• ant. MWF. 11 :00-11 :60 • . m .. 
Prof."or Rlngro ••. 112Q. Spaci.1 
Topics In European Economic HI.tory. 
Seminar. W. 1:00-2:10 p.m .. Prof ... or 
Rlngroa.. S .. DoI_ Avila in IiOZ4 
H&SS for further datal" on how to 
8(lroll. 
For Inform.tlon on Ch.ng.. in the 
following cl ..... : Hlat. 71. 1IMA. 11B. 
1111A. 1.1--... or c.1I History Dept . 
Dolor .. Avila !iOZ4 HSS . -3112. (11 / 111 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ·advertisements· 
: Stud.nt Aft.l" Bullatln: Rocky Virgin na.ded for .. crlflclal victim at Need fam.la room.t. •• lOon •• for sale Mountain High I. Indeflnltaly occupied Bacchanalian orgy 11 /11. S .. AI 2A' poaaibl • . W ViII.g •• f100/mo. + utL 

in a tall t,... 111/111 21114 or John 2111 111/111 C.II Laur • • 463-1142. 111/111 

Stereo consol. '100. (Werd. Mod.n 
Mu,t see to apprecl.tel Honde CB126. 
N .. d •• om. workl ......... 111/111 

SURFBOARD: 6'8" .wallow tall v.ry 
colorful .rtistic eir bruah iob . • . C -
9463 •• sk for M.rk. (11/131 

• 

N_ TI Inltrum.nts SR-IO·s. w. c.n bt. 
eny price. 1 yr. guarant... quick 
d .. lvery. Cell Bert 412-" . 111/111 

TI SR-10. Lik. new with recharg.r. only 
MI. Call B.rt 462-" . (11/111 

L .. Ii. Model 710/200 w.n RMS & 110 
wett pr •• mp p.del Iwltch •• c cond 
'700/ best off.r 211 .... (11 /111 

SURFBOARD 6'h '-YOURS FOR .s. C.II 
T.rrl at 462-97'68. 111/111 

SKIS-K23's 1Ecm v.ry good cond .• no 
binding • . M.ke off.r. Cell Doug 755-
.... (11/111 

ZEUS PRO ... NEW ... R.ynold. 531 . Gr.n 
Camp. Brks. Shlm.no Fg • . Tp.. List 
over MOO • • 310? ~1. (11/131 

Gr .. n Schwinn 10 'Peed • •• L condo 23 
inch till Mik. 412-" 111/111 

71 Triumph bike low mi. f7lO. Mamly.-
1000 DTL cem.ra-'126. 12-.trlng v.n-
ture-.... 76-230mm zoom I.n. p.nta. 
mt.-f95 . All in .Jlc.lI.nt condition 
7273646 ev.nlng • . (11 / 131 

Ceber ski boota. 12. 8'1. . '30. 1lOcm. 
Vamaha .kls w /Soloman 4CM's " . 
P+M .kl boots. 12. 10'1.. MO 766 .. 121. 
(1 1/111 

For Sal.: " W Sq. B.ck '71 '1 .600. Honda 
750 BC '7' "'. both good condition. 
712-3773 (' 1 ';61 

personals 
All right Steve. you·v. got a n.w 
heedband lIut wher.·, myoid ban-
dana? I'm still waiting. Jenny. (11/111 

Snit-It'. eloUt time th.t you ar. 18. 
When do ",a hit T.J .? R.m.mbar that 
you're tall Lov • . Snoop 111/111 

MOM Mouth-H.rv.y .. va Happy Bir-
thday. 111/111 

Adv.nturoua me ... __ • matura. .t-
tractive. financialty Indep.ndent farna" 
for companl_", and mutually ac-
ceptable ""~hlp. Call -'-. 
(11/111 

Roper-Why do you ride .0 high In the 
.. ddl.? Lov •. Buff.lo Bullcf1lp. 111/111 

Scratch-L.d Zepp.lln I. not e 
balloon .. . Dlrlglbly yours. Hlnd.nberg. 
111/111 

M ............. F. I hope you don't g.t 
hit by tI1a crumbling granlta. 111/111 

Who ce,.. .bout the bitch-the rabblta 
.,. back end 'hopplng at Maddl.·. 
Eetabll.hment. Your cholc. of Dutch 
Traet. Hot T.m.'.. Rocky Mountain 
High. Turklah Delight. Gr .. k Godd_. 
Hot N_ 'IlIPom-Latast Europaan 
Mod." Satl.f.ctlon guaranteed. (11/111 
N.W.-My fauit. Couldn't find tha right 
lin • . But e,. your frl.nd. THAT warm? 
Ron.n PHch ••. (11/111 

L· I·m .tonln· aw.y the time. b. my 
black magic woman. Don't I.t the 
ml"lon burn. (11/111 

DER HIMMEL I am sorry. I'm r .. lly not 
thet way. Can we ba frland.? Another 
chanca. blna? Par 111 /111 

I NY MC. A Jolly good birthday to a 
luper girl. SaftHtlonally 17 Righto. 
Cheerlo. C.ptaln Mat.or. 1111111 

Bike Thl.f of Blu. Wlnd.or. r.turn 
Imme.d. No? aak. W. have your 
daacrlptlon. (111111 

Pom-Pom: If I tell you. you hev •• gr .. t 
body. will yoU It .galn.t m.1 Larry. 
111/111 

D .. ,..t P.nguln. Mu.krat Phunqu • . 
Late-for-dlnn.r. Mil. Oobla-Boobl • • end 
iaheml D.r.k: thanb APW 111 / 111 

Ch.rlia. Ju.t IIka I proml .. d. He,.'. 
your vary own pe,.onal Thank. for the 
Plzze. M • . (11 /111 

Lithueni.: Who', side ar. yOU on? Eri • . 
(111111 

Spain: How ebout enecking a South 
Americen country? Eri • . (11/111 

B.thy-Wethy. H.ppy B-D.y. From the 
on. your madly in love with. 
R.m.mb.r? (11/111 

S.,Iy. May your blrthdey ba fill.d with 
R .... •• P •• nut Buner cupal .. Your Ic. 
craam buddl ... 111/111 

Pull: K.11y LobetarM.n ... FI_.r Child. 
lnataad put: ROCKY-Mol. Ho .. Tou,. 
will neve' dl" .. ., Ion" ". '"".r 0'" 
Undergrounds to conquer. HEYES. 
1111111 

Julla-I'va learned the bump. but Iii l1li. 
to know mo,.. Why don't w. learn 
together. Da"a. 111/ 111 

P~le a Triton Tim" November 11, 1974 

Mlch •• 1 M·da.r thenks for the pr_nt 
you sweet lin" d.vil. Your Lady. (111111 

Chlthead-You'ra the only one in the 
.ulte without • aoap film. I. th.,. • 
fungul .mong u.n (11/111 

housing 
F rmmet. naadad to .her. WV apt. 
W/ l . .., .t Mond .. . tartlng Dec. 1. 463-
1227. (11/111 

Rmmat., need.d. Two bdrm. op.n in 4 
Bdrm hou.e in Sola,. Beach ...... 10. 
7!i6-53I8. (11 / 111 

large lu.urlou. 3 br. 3 ba. Con-
dominium. Flr.plac •. larga petlo. 2 c.r 
ga"ga. '310. 462-2136 - 1iIO-G42. 111/111 

Third Girl n .. ded to shara .pacioul 2 
bdrm. P.B. .pt. Shara lerga bdrm. 
"/mo. C.II 272-6271. 1111111 

Houl.m.te. want.d : Comfortabl. 
living In Encinitas. 11 min. to UCSD. 
larg. .pt. Own room/ •. OO. .hara 
w/ona otharI74.00. Avell. Dec. I. 713-
3610. (11/111 

Av.iI.ble - Studio apt. for Subl ... lng. 
Dec. 16-J.n 11. Call .,...734. (11/111 
F.rmts. for larg. hi •• In D.M. 2 rm • . open 
now . ., & till. C.II 7116-1423. 111/131 

For R.nt: Four b.droom. Mira M_. 
Furnished f3lO per month plu. utilltl ... 
No L.... required. Includ.. u.. of 
• wlmmlng pool. therapy pool and 
Recraetlon .r ••. carport. Children 
w.lcom • . AI.o suitable for two coupl .. 
to shar. r.nt. T"ephon. Hugh or Nikki 
Rign.y enytlm •• t ~. Av.iI.bla 
Dec. 11t. IP1 't/151 

G.rage or Studio .p.c. w.nt.d to rent 
in D.I Mar ar ... Call la"ln • . late ev .. 
at 4I1-!IOIO. (11 / 111 

Femal. Hou.am.ta Neaded: W. heve a 
beautiful 3 br. home on Cliffe In O.B. 
Nlc. lid. of town. Own Room 
f7l.SI+ .ltllitl .. . w /2 other studanta. Big 
beck .... d. garden .r ... pI.no .tc. C.II 
223-7131 or com. by 1I012S.n. CrulSt. 
O.B. (11/111 

Na.d F.m.l. to .h.r. .pt. In 
CI.lramont. _n room-.. "'-fa-" 
call Iilvia ..... 22 111/111 

Own room av. now In Clrm. apt. w/f. 
Orad It cet. prat. F. Grad .. Upercfm . .. 
+ utl Lynda 27.a 111/111 

Rant 1 Bdrm unfurniahad Apt. near 
oc .. n In N. P.clflc B.ch . .,IO/mo . 
.v.iI.bla Nov. 3. B.cky. _-1_ 
.v.ning • . 111/111 

wanted 
Nead ride to San Francl.co. la.vlng 
Nov. 27th. Will lhara g.s .nd driving. 
Call M.rI. 412-1171. 111 /111 

Went.d: Guitarist to Ii.t.n to Dory 
Pravln mu.ic and writ. chord • . Dabra 
226-4131. (11 / 11 I 

WANTED: Rid. to the BAY AREA .t 
Thankiglvlng. Will .har. driving .nd 
costs. 462-1731. (11/111 

Wantad: U .. d ping pong tabl.; .nd 
irona and flreplac. tool.. Call x2II6 or 
"'6310. I p 11 /11 I 

NEED EXTRA CASH? P.ylng Top DolI.r 
for your U.S. Silver Colna Minted 
befora 1 ... Ken 4I2-IIZI. Ip 1/81 

Av.llable IMMEDIATELY: Lrga. hsa..,. 
P.ta okay. Own rm. pGHIb ... M or F call 
438-:MI3. 111/111 

~rvices 
DATSUN STUDENT DISCOUNTS .11 
mod". av.llable cell Mr. F .... y 212· 
21.lp1/131 

Typing: Th_. term p.p"'. r.,.orta. 
m.nuacrlpta. R .. sonabla A.tea. Prompt 
.ervlc.. Na.r UCBD c.mpu. 
Proofra.ding. Editing .• -1771 (11/111 

Summer Job. for 71: No .. parience 
nec_ry. Apply for Job •• t State .nd 
Fedaral P.rk.. Gu .. t R.ne"" Tourla\ 
r .. orta, PrlV8te campa. L .. m How. When 
.nd Wh.,. to .pply. Recaiv. ovar 2DII 
C.lifomia namaa .nd .dd~. Sand 
f2.00 to J .O .B. D.pt. .. P.O. 10 ••• 
Mon"ray. CA 13140 IP11/111 
Portr.lt •• color or B&W. You chow. 
.. ttlng. Cheap. -..m. (11/111 

Want to undaratand you ..... f batter? 
A.trology workai1op at.rta lOon. __ 
0131 or .... 0311 . Ip 11/131 

TYPING - MARILYN would Ib to type 
your paper. thaaia, eta. lhe " . -
parlanced on ........ of ...... feat. 
-'t .. aM'" an IBM. ,..... call 
her.t "lIIII. I" "'111 
TYPIIT8: I .... T_ ....... -.... 
cIIIaatta..... ate. ....... /MlaH JOe. 
8/Xa,... Andl: _..., .... .,.. 
(..,1/. 

Biology 177. Probl.m. In M.rln. 
BiolOgy 11 Unit .t Bodeea Bay. Dra. 
MIchael Ghlealln. Mortimer Starr .nd 
Cadet H.nd .... Dr. D.nIaI K. H.rtllne. 
~ Bonnar "all. Department of 
Biology. Offlca hours: Monda" ... 
P.M. & Fridays 3-1 P.M. or by ap-
pointment. 111/111 
For Information . on cha..... In the 
foll_lng c ..... : Soc. ,., Soc. 1 •• 
Soc .•• Soc. 111. Soc. 11f.'Soc. 111. 
.nd Soc. 1 •. C." the Soc .. Dept. •• S7211 
laverly StrOng or loc. Dept. lUD1 HSS. 
111/111 
NEW CLASS Corrtarnp. I..... 1. 
Houalnt Cooperative 2 to 1 unlta 
pGHIb... Im.wtad atudanta raacI our 
prop_I .t the CI Offtca It gM thalr 
nama & phona #I to A ....... Will be 
.vellab" on Mon. for qu.tI_. Id_. 
.te.. 111 /111 

films 
Citizen K.na - 7:30 & 10:00 Thu,.. Nov. 
14. USB 2722. 71 centa. P,... by Thur-
aday Nita Film Society. 111/131 

The 1., .. 11 film "I Love You. RON" Ia 
baing acr .. nad Tu.. Nov. 12 .t 7:JO 
p.m. In the USB 27Z2. No edm_lon 
cherge. 111/111 

music 
Phelp •• nd M.rt" will be performing .. t 
the Ravelle Coff.. Hou... Thuraday 
Nov. 14. 9 p.m .. frae. (11/131 

Tiflnnany. off.,. the 
dulclm.r .nd guitar .ounds of 
.nd D.vld Co_no Nov. 15. '-11 p.m. 
Fr .. at .., LaJol1a Blvd. IP11/111 

dances 
UCSD dance hl,tory will ba mad. thl. 
Friday night (Nov. 151 .t ths n.w Rec 
Gym. Hot S.n Fran. B.nd. Loti of 
be.utiful P.op!-. Il. th.re" (11/111 

for ourselves ..... 
Term Pap.,.' Cenad.·. lerpat .. rvlc • . 
For catalogua .. nd G to: E ... y Ser-
111_. 17 Spadlna Ave.. No. •• 
Toronto. ontario. Canada. IPlIII 

lost and found 
. Found: F"t graen coat In HSS 2112. C.II 
•• t. 2032. A.k for Jim. 111/111 

Found: W.tch .nd rine near 2D on 
Wed .• the Ith. CaN ...... 111/111 

Loat: Chronom.ter type w.tch. Muir 
10/31 . Pi .... return to TT Offica. 1111111 

Loat: D.r Rlcht.r G.rman 4 book In HL-
11111 Tu... I nnd It d .. perataly. C -
1047. D.nka. 111/111 

loat: Brown well.t. with .tar on ona 
sid • . If found pl •••• c.1I W.rd 272-21172. 
and le.v. m .... g • . 111/111 

Loat: Flva books on Ben Jon.on. t2D.00 
raw.rd. Call Sherry collect -....m. 
111/111 

I left my notabook In 2A 2113 I •• t Wed. 
If enyone ha. It could you drop It off at 
the TT Off Ie • . Chartl. Halmlar. 111/111 

travel 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE with 
Char-Tours on P.n-Am. LA dap.rtu,... 
RESERVATIONS: TGT 7IE Sky Park 
Blvd. 32G. 714-141-7011. IPlIII 

EUROPE-ISRAEl-AFRICA Studant 
flighta .11 yaer round CONTACT: ISCA 
.. Univaraity Ava. #111 San Dla.o • 
C.lif. 12111 TEL 17141 37-3010 121" ... 
.. IP11/271 

EUROPE. ISRAEL & ORIENT. Low coa~ 
ttudant fllghta .11 y .. r round. A.I.I.T. 
1,.. S . L. Clen ... Blvd. Loa Ang ..... 
... 17141 144-1133 or 12111 112·2727 
IP11/271 

SSW Travel Offlca - ON CAMPUS -
EUROPE & NY Chartara UCSD Int'I 
Center C-OIIO 10-1:30 M.W.F.ONLY 
(p111271 

car pools 
HAVE CAR-WILL CARPOOLI I liva In 
Lamon Orove. To ..... n WInter Qua"'. 
...... cal __ 21Jl 111/111 

Car pooIara from lacenllldo ......... fOf 
WInter ...,.. ........ Cal 0 .... MI-
_ .ttar ••. 111. Man. dwoueII let. 
1"/111 


