
The Massacre: Were Inform'ers Involved? 
Reporter Rich Yep compiled this story from 

co"versatio"s with van'olJs of the blJsted 
stlJde"ls, i" additio" to Slude"t Affairs Legal 
Cou"sel Raphael Leve"s and cou"ty officials. 
Because some cases are still pe"ding i" the 
courls, we are nol able to use names, nor to list 
specific charges. 

obvious they wore the shirts to hide their guns," 
commented the student. 

for two hours in marked sheriff's cars while police 
searched the house. 

After the first arrest, the officers allegedly 
remained at the house, answered the phone and 
invited call rs to the party . 

In both cases, police searched the home with AO 
other witnesses present. 

Another police tactic was used 10 at least two 

Within a period of four weeks, two private homes 
in the Del Mar area were raided by police and 
searched for illicit drugs and drug paraphenalia . As 
are ult, nine UCSD students from D I Mar and two 
from North County, apprehended the followi ng 
weekend in a separate EI Cajon Incident, were 
charged with drug violations . 

The major ontroversy since th busts has in-
volved the alleged use of undercover agents and 
informers by the San Diego county sheriff's 
department. 

One of the students in discussing the bust he was 
involved in said, " I got hom and saw our doorknob 
smashed in . I walked in and saw these huge, strange 
guys tanding around." 

The student assumed the strangers were friends 
of his roommate. They then invited the student into 
the kitchen, indicating that a party was in session 
there. 

ases One student was charged with five felony 
counts th venlng she had returned from Europe 
Th officers apparentl y obtained her name by 
exam 10 109 packages addressed to her 

On the following afternoon, the District Attorney 
Issued warrants for the arrest of five more people on 
the baSIS of confiscated ma il 

Undercover "genH 

Student Affairs Legal Counsel Raphael Levens 
Insists that an undercover agent or IOformer has 
been operating. " I can tell by the speci fi ci ty of the 
search warrant there had to have been someone 
who saw the premises beforehand," he said 

In the kitchen, the strangers presented sheriff's 
badges and arrested the student. 

New arrivals at the house were apparently met at 
the door by the agents, who asked far joints. 

Lt. Nichols of the Narcotics Task Force (NTF), an 
organization comprising narcotic agents from the 
San Diego Police Dept., the San Diego County 
Sheriff's office, and federal agents, said he could 
not be sure if the NTF arranged the busts, claimlOg 
a lack of information . He said that many busts are 
credited to citizens who spot something i llegal and 
report it to authorities. 

NTF officers do not wear uniforms; many drive 
unmarked cars. "They (the officers) looked like surfer types, 

baggy shirts, Addidas shoes, and Levis, but it's 
In a Similar incident, in another student'S Del Mar 

home, three students were handc;uffed and stored Continued on Page 7 

Minibuses Overcrowded; 
Large Buses Considered 

by Sara Lowen 

The red and orange San Diego 
Transit mini-buses that have 
become a familiar sight around 
town provide transportation to 
and from school for many UCSD 
students, and have proved to be a 
nuisan e as well as a con-
venipnce to commuter students . 

The first in a series on com-
muter woes. Next story will 
concern parking on campus. 

The buses are generally crowded, 
breeding familiarity among 
passengers . People good 
naturedly exchange stories of 
discomforts endured on past bus 
rides. Some riders tell of having as 
many as thirty-sMc or thirty-eight 
people jammed in one bus . 
Others tell of buses that have 
broken down under the strain of 
overloading. 

Mini-bus riders are obviously 
becoming annoyed with the 
service. The complaint depart-
ment at the bus company says 
they have received more com-
plaints about the mini-bus service 

than about any other route . 
Warren MOrris, head of Public 

Relations and Marketing at San 

Diego Tran it, said that at the 
time the route was established, 
there were no indications that the 
route would be so popular. He 
refutes claims that some of the 
buses have broken down. "We've 
had slight difficulties with the 
mini-buses, but they've all been 
fixed now," he commented . 

Reports from the bIJS company 
on the possibility of using full-
size buses on the route have 
differed . The complaint 
department reported that full-size 
buses would be on the route by 
November, while the information 
department said that no full-size 
buses would be used on the route. 
Morris insists, however, that "by 
the end of the year we're adding 
twenty-five new full-size buses to 
the route." 

The word, then, to mini-bus 
riders is "endure" until the bus 
company does in fact provide 
full-size buses for the route. 

Monday Meeting 

COOp Debates Over Budget Group 
by Frank LaForge 

The Student Cooperative 
Monday approved the operating 
budgets for 38 clubs and student 
organizations . ThiS action 
allocated about $12,000 of the 
$44,000 the Coop has to spend 
over the year. 

However, the question that 
invoJved the most discussion was 
the approval of the Coop's Budget 
Resource Group' guidelines. 

It was charged by a 
representative from Ujima , 
pub I ished by the Black Student 
Union, that the committee's 
decision not to fund newspapers 
put the paper in an untenable 
position . The representative felt ' 
that the Communications Board, 
which funds most student 
newspapers, had acted unfairly 
by giving only $1,200, which he 
said is far below the sum the 
paper will need to operate this 
year. 

It was also charged by AI Zollar 
of BSU that the budget com-
mittee was not allowing the BSU 
to function efficiently by not 
funding work - study secretaries. 

Committee members 
responded to both these charges 
by pointing out a shortage of 
funds, adding that the committee 

can only allocate funds for top 
priority operating t'xpenses , 

offi ce supplies , and limited contact the secretary for Student 
phone expenses. They indicated Organ izations by today 
that there was not enough money 
to fund a newspaper. The Coop's next meeting IS 

Aftermath of Monday's Meeti"g 
In addition, a member said that 

a referendum to end payment for 
student jobs with student funds 
was passed a few years ago, and 
that the committee was following 
the spirit of that referendum by 
not funding work-stu~y 
secretaries. 

It was finally decided by a 42 to 
15 vote to tabl'e the approval of 
the guidelines until next week, 
when alternate guidelines can be 
discussed. 

Montgomery Reed, of the 
Radical Education Project, stated 
that he felt the budget group was 
not representative of the entire 
UCSD population, and therefore 
should not make decisions for the 
allocation of funds at all He 
called for the complete revision 
of the ommittee. His proposal 
will be di cu sed next wee!.. 

It was announced that the 
Coop ' s committee 10 ap-
pointm nt and evaluatlon~ i 
desperately 10 need of Revelle, 
Third and Fourth College 
tudent , e p lally women, to 

serve on the ommlttee In-
terested partie were a ked to 

scheduled for Monday at 6.30 
p.m. in the Student Center. 
Agenda items include the two 
motions regarding the Coop 
budget committee, and a 
proposed program budget for the 
Black Drama group. In addition, 
the various Coop coordinators 
will make presentations regarding 
their areas of concern . 

, 

Election Issue 
.. The Trito" Times is 
pla""i"g a pre-elec#o" isslU! 
for Mo"day, November 4. 
The issue will co"sist of 
J'ummanes of the major 
Tues a"d propositio"s 0" 
the CalIfornia billiot, a"Ii 

1I .~rioIlS comme"taries by 
members of the IT staff 

We wollid li~ to hear 
wbiU OUT re#UUTS are-
thidi"g aboul the eiectio". 
Who are yo II pla""i",. to fIOl. 
for? Do yo" thtd UC 
Rege"ts shoul. hint! short".. 
terms? Do YOII t/Ji"j tIM 
legtsUJtllre shoJIi IJ.w tIM 
power 10 i"crease YOllr I"s? 

ReM YOllr sa",ple 6.1101, 
all. """" toIlS. 



triton times 
....... A: ... , ".,., 
E"-'I ................ ...,., 
JeIM H. ,,,-, CMr ".,., 

,... , .... n..,. .",.., ......... _ • ...".. _.. .., Me CIIIII-
--. .... -..rIel ,... u.w. ... ., ~, ... IJIwIe. ~ .... AI .. 
.................. MIl ~ CMIMI_", ... ,t7. ..... ,. ....... 
c....-. uc... .. .,..,.,.,_ ~MII"""""" .... "..." ... 
__ ........... ~._,· .. _ai ...... eIn.,....... 
n..,.,.".,...",. ,., ... l1li1 .. ,... ... -.a. til -.- ,., _ ., 

letter to the Ed itor . 
Stamp Out Campus Political Paranoia 

Letter to Editor: 
I was at the Coop meeting described in Friday's 

issue of the Triton Times as a " railroad express." 
True, it resembled a circus. but 50 does the 
Academic Senate. the San Diego City Council, or 
any other small group seeking to achieve a 
democratic consensus. 

exalted position . I fail to see the connection, if any, 
between railroads and circuses. The " Five students" 
can only recommend budget action . The Coop 
specifically and exclusively has the power of ap-
proval or rejection of any proposal put before it. 

Don't sit there and believe hype about someone 
trying to pull a Politbureau coup at the Coop. It 
ain't true. Come to the meetings; vote! Help stamp 
out political paranoia on campus, or at least help 
prevent it. 

As for five students "controlling" undergraduate 
fees collected from -people like me and thee. 
Richard M . Nixon couldn't have said it better, or 
less truthfully. I am a voting member of the CooP. 
which is no .big thing in the sense of being in an STEVE MURRAY 

Vallace In "ov •• bar I 
A PAIlle BtrrTCII U • 76 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for ·your up-ta-date, 
176'page, mall order catalog 
ot 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1 .00 to cover postage (1·2 
days delivery time). 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE #203 

lOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our mater.als a~e sold for 

research purposes only 

,I , OJ' ... Uc ...... 
'i' A PORTRAIT IN OIL IUXCII SUBP<mIAID "lID BtrrTCIIS UP 
GLEN ECHO, Md. (UPI) - The 9-year-old son of Watergate coverup 

defendant Kenneth W . Parkinson was seriously burned Thursday as 
he and some friends tried to set a turtle on fire, police reported . 

Police saia Philip, his brother Jeff, 12, and two young friends had 
soaked a turtle in gasoline and were attempting to set it afire when 
the gasoline in the can exploded. 

DOH'T. ZTB 0 ••• BOVT 
'rB T VNIVIIB.aITT ••• a 
.BND T :8 'rillTON 'I'1 •• a 

TlitA. aVBaOal TIOH 
ONLy ...... 

<::NamE. ••••............. ......•.........•....... . ..•... .....• 

cI1dd'lZu ...................................... ........... . 
9alf __ 
$2.00 

•• A •• 
PUBLIC HOUSE 

•• •• ANNOUNCES 

1 YEAR 
ANNIVERSARY 

PARTY 
THIS MON.OCT. 28! I 

'''ECIAL' 
• GUEST PIIFORMANCE • 

ASPEN .PUBLIC HOUSE 
• PEARLfGIRARD 

Pa.e 2 Triton Times October 25, 1974 

Morality of UC Investments 
. It is easy to dismiss the Regent's handling of their investment 
portfolio by hiding beKind the gui~ that such discussion and 
decision-making rests on personal definitions of social responsibility. 
It is also easy to dismiss the Regents' investing in multi-national 
corporations with holdings in oppressive nations as necessary to 
guarantee returns on UC's investment. And many can dismiss the fact 
that Regent's investment decisions are made in secret executive 
sessions as necessary for the prudent tnanagement of the university's 
investments. 

And one can easily agr~ with Regent Dan A. Watkins and many of 
his f«:lIow board members that there should be no public discussion 
of a corporation's social responsibility as this could damage the 
·corporation's financial standing. Many corporation practices can be 
justified, or ignored, by adhering to Watkins belief that investments 
should be carried out with only "an eye to maximum returns. Once 
we begin applying somebody's idea of morality or social good, I don't 
know where we would stop." (Triton Times, Oct. 23) 

However, during the last fiscal year the Regents voted their shares 
of stock against a proposal that ITT be politically non-partisan, 
against disclosure by IBM of wages paid to black and white em-
ployees in South Africa, against disclosure of General Motors Cor-
poration's involvement with the South African government, against 
requiring Ford Motor Co. to describe new air pollution control and 
vehicle safety measures and minority hiring practices, and against a 
proposal that DuPont Corp. refrain from asking its employees to 
support certain political parties and candidates. (L.A . Times, Feb. 4, 
1974.) 

Last year efforts to open up to public discussion of the Regent's 
investments decisions were repeatedly thwarted. A proposal by UC 
President Charles Hitch would have allowed particular proxy issues 
related to matters of corporate social responsibility to be aired in a 
public meeting of the Committee on Investments. Hitch's proposal 
was rejected by the Regents and the Committee on Investments 
continues to be closed to the public. Assemblyman John Dunlap's bill 
to require UC (and state agencies) to take a neutral stand on proxy 
issues was defeated in the Senate Government Organization Com-
mittee. 

We believe the votes and practices outlined above to be socially 
irresponsible and offensive to the ideals of freedom, acad mic, 
political and socia l, upon which the University of California was 
founded and purports to symbolize. Admittedly, socia l irrespon· 
sibility is difficult to define, but the blatant practices exercised by the 
Regents clearly indicate that economic gain has been put above more 
humanitian goals. South Africa's apartheid has been condemned by 
virtually every nation in the world, national and state legislat ive 
mandates have demanded auto pollution contro l and equal op· 
portunity in hiring, and the nation is still suffering from paytlacks to 
corporations for donations and favors to campaign efforts. 

As it now stands, the Regents mak their investment decisions 
without the input from the taxpayers of the State of California. Nor 
are their decisions made with any direction from the members of the 
community they supposedly represent - the students, faculty, sta ff, 
and administrators of the University of California. 

The first step in bringing some responsibility to UC corporate 
investments begins by making the Regents accountable to publ ic 
opinion, allowing the Regents to become a reflection of ·the social , 

Continued to Page 7 

• 

I Politi~: James G. Soto I 
Kill the-Ad ~Man 

It appears as if the only red I WdY to find out who to vote for in these 
days of the so-called "Post Watergate mentality" is to watch television 
listen to t.he radiO, or drive down a freeway. Or at least this is the way 
the candidates are carrying on their sorry campaigns. 

At the moment of station identification, one can flip the dial on their 
television set and observe the following revelations. On one station 
Houston ~Iournoy will try to look so (nature and will impress you with 
his cillm voice speaking as the beacon of reason . On another station 

Edm~~d G. Brown Jr. has pinned Flournoy tq the wall on the Reaga~ 
admlnlstratlo~ . Ala.n Cranston, on another station, was running around 
a ~rack, .helplng disabled veterans, and according to some Chicago 
daily, being one of the top senators on Capitol HilI. On the other hand 
and on another station, H.L. Richardson attacked the evils of govern: 
ment spending and inflation, somehow attributed to Alan Cranston . 

Local candidates are not to be outdone. Colleen O 'Connor dssails 
her opponent for being in Congress too long (earlier in her campaign 
she brought in Tip O'Neill who has been in Congress as long as 
anybody could possibly stand it) . Bob Wilson tells us how much he has 
helped San Diego become what it is today. Another Bob Wilson the 
Assemblyman, explains hiS monumental struggle to assist s~nior 
citizens. Finally, Larry Kapiloff shows us some nice pictures of 
sa ilboats gilding across Mission Bay. 

Other than being reassured by the candidates that the politi ca l 
procE!5s is a clean and vital part of America, and that the candidates 
portrayed are really the good guys, there is no real substance to their 
advertisement. Very rarely are the issues discussed or are programs 
presented. Instead there is a mindless collection of personal triumphs 
and vague slanders . 

In California' gubernatorial race there are very fEiw Issues which the 
two candidates are at odds _ At least there are few issues which 
rlournoy or Brown care to exp loit. Instead, we see in their ads the 
following turn of events. Edmund G. Brown Jr. attacks the past few 
years of the Reagan administration . Somehow the impression is 
(onveyed that Houston rlournoy would merely become a continuation 
of the Reagan admin istrat ion. Flournoy on the other hand gives the 
Impression of great maturity by revealing to the world his long and 
distinguished career in the legislature and then in the controll er's 
office . The real translation being that Jerry Brown doesn't have the 
pxperience and maturity to become a great governor. 

Despite the voter disinterest in thiS petty bickering and a desire for 
rpal reform, the magnificent political charade continues. Democrats 
and Republicans are both guilty of this hoax. When candidates do 
debate. it usually turns into a mutual mudslinging affair. When they 
don't debate, the candidates accuse each other of refUSing to ' cam-
f)aign on the issues. 

In the past. radio has been the medium which has been able to 
wi thstand the banalities of television . Perhaps the reason for th is fact is 
that radio can't show any sap- like pictures of the candidates but must 
rely on words to get across the message. Yet despite this meek 
tradition.there has been in recent times a multitude of platitudes on 
the vi rtues of the politiCO in question. What one hears. sounds like an 
obituary of some magnificent soul, whose life in public service has 
rassed us by and we have just now learned of his sacrifices in office 
and the noble deecis he has accomplished. 

There is no need to comment on the ugly signs which permeate this 
campus and flood the highways with one dimensional pronoun-
cements of support for a candidate. The only grisly purpose for their 
existence is to brainwash the name of the candidate into the mind of 
the voter who wouldn't have otherwise been able to make a decision. 

The advertising agents who run the campaigns have nothing but the 
lowest contempt for the voter. One should have nothing but the same 
for the ad man because he more than Watergate or anything else is 
rips troying the political process . 

The Fourth College Provost office sends out a 
newsletter every week to all Fourth students. but as 
of yet they do not have everyone's correct mailing 
address. If you hll Ie not been receiving ; n-
formation, please stop by the Provost office im-
mediately and let them know where you can be 
reached. 

The Fourth 
Reporte~ 

:>tudents interested In forming Fourth's new 
student government met last Saturday to discuss 
plans for the upcoming year. A task force has been 
Initiated to propose a model for Fourth's govern-
ment . Everyone is invited to contribute ideas and 
help to form the new government 

The student government will serve the interests 
of the student body. Most of the positions were 
apPOInted so that work cou ld begin immediately. 
Next year, students wd! be elected to the positions. 
Not all of them have been filled and all fourth 
students are encouraged to participate. Suggestions 
for the organization of the government should be 
taken to the Provost office, where applications for 
the open positions are available. 

M ntor groups have now been organized. These 
are groups which consist of approximately 20 
member students, one student organizer and a 
faculty m mber. This group will engage in activities 
throughout the year, such as a trip to the zoo or a 

barbeque on the beach . It i, an attempt to better 
acquaint the students with each other and with at 
least one faculty member Hopefully, it will 
rromote understanding between professors and the 
students . All Fourth students are Invited to par· 
tlclpate and will be contacted by either the faculty 
member or the student group leader. 

A feature devoted ellClusivrly 
to events and .nnouncements 
concerning Fourth Collqe. 

Fourth students are reminded that registration for 
winter classes will be November 11-15. The class 
schedules will be available at the bookstore around 
the fifth of November. Cards must be turned in to 
102 MC of the Fourth College Provost office. Juniors 
and Seniors must have their program cards Signed 
by their advisors. If any student needs help with 
their program they can come to the provost office 
for help. 

Fourth will be hosting wine and cheese parties for 
the parents of all Fourth students in early 
November. There. will be parties in San Diego, Los 
Angeles and San Francisco. The object is to let the 
parents get to know each other and Fourth College. 
Hopefully, a Parents' Counc i I will be formed This 
counci I would acquire things for Fourth that the 
State cannot cover. In order for the Provost Office 
to send out the party invitations, they must have 
student addresses. Please make the effort to supply 
yours: 

Owen Will Speak on Collective Bargaining 
The president of the University 

Cou nci l of the American 
Federation of Teachers will speak 
at UCSD today. 

Spencer Owen, a professor of 
History at the University of 
California at Irvine, will speak at 
3:30 p .m. in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge. His subject will be 
'Co llective Bargaining for 
Academic Employees.' 

The campus chapter of the AFT 

COMMUNITY 
BlOODBANIC 

127 F. Street 

P"YSDONORS 
forsenke 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:4S-S:30 
CIoiedSun. 
23U481 

is billing the ellent as a response 
to what the organization feels are 
statements by the University as to 
" how co llec tive bargaining 
should be carried out," in an-
ticipation of serious con-
sideration in the legislature of 
collec tive bargaining and 
possible approval by the new 
governor. The AFT ci tes an article 

on bargaining in an edition of the 
University Bulletin , an ad-
ministrative publication . 

The AFT has stated that ItS 
prinCiple effort thiS year will be 
toward the establishment of 
collective bargaining. 

The speech will be free, and 
open to the public. 

U.CS.D. Campus Program Board PresentS 
I AM A WOMAN 

starring 
Viveca Lindfors 

fcpb 
l 

Performing a Stage Cavalcade of 36 Women 
W.CS.D. Revelle Cafeteria Nov. 2,19748:30 pm 
U.CS.D. Student $1.50 Tickets on Sale Noon-
General Admission $250 4:30 Tues-Friday 

Speed . Reading ~ 
You don't blow an extraordinary idea 

. on an ordinary shoe. . 
If Their course is more than you can 
afford-Try Ou ral 

By now you're probably 
aware that Roots are not 
like other kinds of footwear. 
The heel is lower to give 
you the natural kind of 
walk you'd get by going 
barefoot in sand. The arch 
is supported, so If you 
spend much time on your 
feet you'll now spend it in 
much greater comfort. The 
rocker sale helps spring 
you off on each footstep, . 
so walking becomes a little 

.--. 
.... -..: .. 

.. : .... , 4' ~ •.. •• 
..... 

"'\~: . 

less work than it ever was 
before. 
But a big part of Roots ' 
success lies in not how 

1218 Prospect St . 
La Jolla , Calif. 

(7(4) 459·3611 

they're made. but how 
well . Only the finest grade 
Canadian hides are 
selected. These are hand-
crafted into Roots , simply 
because, for much of our 
prodUction, the most 
efficient machine i still the 
human hand. 
This is-why. of all the 
reasons we could give you 
for trying Roots, none 
would fit quite so well as the 
shoe Itself 

$89 versus a whole lot more-Many 
students ask us how our course com-
pares with Theirs considering such a 
difference in cost. It's simple. We don't 
spend a lot of our students' $'s to ad-
vertise on radio and TV, but we do 
promise our students results: to increase 
your reading speed by at least 3 times 
with equal or better comprehension. 
Due to a large number of late 
enrollments, the start of classes has 
been delayed one week. Classes start 
next weeki But there ia still time to call 
Bob at 276-1788 (eves) and enroll for the 
following clasaea which will meet 
weekly for 6 weeki. 

Mon., Oct. 28 at 7 PM 
or Wed., 0 t. 30 at 7 PM 
or Sat., Nov. 2 at lOAM 

READS. Inc. 805 Glenway Dr .• 
Inglewood, Ca. 90302 

Page J Triton Times October 25, 1974 



Make A Pass Today 
by Paul WAlI'ef prove to your boy or girlfriend 

Time is drawing close for the 
Pass, Punt and Kick Contest, 
today at 3 p.m . out on the Muir 
Field. The actual number of 
persons who have pre-registered 
for the contest are few, but it is 
the hope of the 1M Department 
that as many people wi II turn out 
for the event as possible. If there 
is not enough time to register for 
the contest at the Rec Gym. all 
those people who wish to par-
ticipatewill be allowed to register 
up to the 3 p.m . starting time. 

The basic idea behind the 
contest is to .get as many UCSD 
students involved in school-
sponsored events. and there are 
more contests. jn the making. So, 
lf your fundamentals need 
working on, or if you are out to 

who is better, come out and give 
it a try and bring along some 

·friends . 
For those who were not able to 

make it over to the Rec Cym fl)r a 
copy of the rules, here they are In 
a nut shell. There will be three 
competition categories and 
points will be awarded for both 
distance and accuracy in each 
category. There will be no special 
foot~ear permitted, the only 
exception being bare feet or 
Tennis ·shoes . The competition 
will be divided up into two 
divisions. There will be an open 
division being for those persons 
(male and female) who have no 
qualms as to who they compete 
against, and there will also be a 
female only division . The rest is 
up to the individual. 

. ' 

• mElft WORLD-
DOWNTOWN NOUH , .... 1( COllfG( 'A(I'K IiACH • 

I071 ·6rh lIl7 · JOtfI UJl ,...... 91' c.m.t 

• 

1)] SOU 197·1'1' 5'l-60.1 ."'000 
' 'TIll GlUnn PIICIS • JII WIIOU .. ..... • 

••••••••••••••• 

PUT ON THE: DOG. 
AUE:C STYLE:. 

PAte 4 Triton Times October 25, 1974 

Montezuma" 
Tequila Pup 
Monte~ma Gold 
Tequila. 1 ~ ounces. 
Honey. 1 teaspoon. 
Lime juice. 1 lime. 
Oirters. 1 dash. 
Mix in shol~er with 
cracl~ed ice. Strain 
into chilled cocl~toil 
9tCl~S . 

ITZCUINTLI 
(THE DOG) 

symbol for Ihe IOlh doy 
of the onClenl AZlee week 

New York. New YOlk 

Sportsmansh ip? 
by Ii'" RobinlQll 

Intramurals are designed to provide exercise and fun for everyone 
involved. All too often the,words of the late Vince Lombardi ("Winning 

i~il't everything, it's the only thing.") overshadow the real purpose of 
intramural activities. 

Intramurals should be played for fun . People should be out to have a 
good time, enjoy a well-played game and meet other people with the 
same goals. , 

Sure, winning is nice, but it shouldn't be of prime importance. If you 
have a good team, you wi II win a few games, maybe all of them. If your 
team isn't quite so good, don't worry, someone has to lose. Just have a 
good time while you are at it . 

There are s~veral qualities of play that are not redeeming with 
reference to the purpose of intramurals. The first is fighting; the second 
is arguing with the refs . 

COMMENTARY 
Football can be a truly enjoyable sport, just so long as the quality of 

play stays high and clean . Sure, football is rough, but one does not 
have to punctuate that fact by picking a fight with the opposing team. 
Keep the heads cool and enjoy the game for what it is, an intramural 
sport, not the professional sport some of you think it is . 

Remember too. that the refs, just like you, are students here at 
UCSD. They are trying to do the best they can . reel free to question an 
officia l about a call , but don't drag the argument out. Once he/ she 
makes the decision. stick by it, forget it and play the gam 

Another facet of intramurals that I would like to question I the 
decision to scrap floor hockey In favor of the much less popular 
European handball. 

Harry Bloom, noted for his ingenious ideas. has finally come up with 
one that I question. rloor Hockey proved to be very successful last 
spring quarter, with everyone eagerly looking forward to the resump-
tion of play this quarter. Then Harry comes up with Europ an handball. 

Just this last W dnesday, there were all of nine people there to play 
handball. Why does it not draw the crowds that Iloor Hockey did? 
P rhap name identification. Anyway, it is just not as popular as floor 
hockey is. 

I wou ld like to ask that the Intramural Department re-evaluate the 
idea of European handball and reinstitute the game of floor hockey 
that a lot of us really miss. 

We might even have the Harry Bloom Memorial Trophy to award to 
the winning (or should I say most sportsmanlike) team. 

I ntram ural BS 
by Tom .Wright 

For all of you pro football buffs, the 1M department presents an 
honest-to-goodness-no-BS-trivia quiz : 

1. Which professional football team has the all-time cumulative : 
highest winning percentage] the lowest winning pct1 the most vic-
tories? the most losses? 

2. How many teams have gone through thE' r!'gular season un· 
defeated and untied] Who] 

3. How many pro football teams were there In 19261 
4 . What is the record for most pass receptions in a season? Who? 

How many? 
5. Who holds the record for the most completions in a season? 
6. Which one of the following QB's have not passed for 400 yards in 

a single game. Sonny Jurgenson, JOhfl Brodie, Joe Namath. Don Horn 
or George Blanda? 

7. Who kicked the longest drop-kick field goa l? How long? 
8. What team ha~ won four consecutive league championships? 
':I . Next to Ceorge Blanda, who has the most active season in pro 

football? 
True or False. The Minnesota Vikings hold the record for most 

yardage given up in one season . 
All answers may be sent to Ed Simons between two slices of genuine 

Siberian dark rye bread . Due to the length of the answers, they will 
appear in the 1M Newsletter, the Bull Sheet, this week, so as not to take 
space away from potential advertising revenue! 

INTRODUCING OUR NEW TRADITION: 

"All You Can Eat" Days at · 
Di Leone's of La Jolla 

Mon thru Fri 
Daily Breakfast Special 

Mon thru Fri 
Daily luncheon Specials 

Mon Roast Beef 
Tues Spaghetti 

Dinner Specials 

Wed Dinner for 2 $6.00 with 
Thurs Top Sirloin Steak 
Fri Fish &- Clams 
Sat Chicken 
Sun Baked Ham 
Sat All the pancakes you can eat 
Sun All the chopped ham & scrambled eggs and pan· 
cakes 

1.29 

51.65 

52.75 
51 .89 
wine 

52.q5 
51 .89 
$1 .89 
57.95 

$.99 

S1.49 

Beer & Wine served. 
6765 La Jolla Blvd. 

454-2722 

Open (, AM 10 10 PM, Sun to Thun. 
Open (, AM 10 Mid nite, Fri and Sal. 

.. 

Wins Twice 

Soccer Team ads for All-Cal 
by Dave Eisen al duty throughout the match. 

n Prim put LA out of its misery by 
Coach Stewart Hayes brings his Iy giving the Tritons the win with a goal 

team. unbeaten in its last three gam the right side with 5:25 remaining . 
the tough All-Cal Tournament this UCSD took the minimum amount of 
at UC Santa Barbara . 

The Tritons will play in the 11, with no substitutes on the drive 
which includes all of the UC school s. to r resno All they did was play p rfe t 
and tomorrow. UCSD enters the pr In a 5-0 blitz. October 19. 
petition with some momentum, In t im. Robl s, Gonal 7. Cardona. Dave 
of two shutout virtofles last week ngdale. Doug Youngdale . Charlie 
Baptist and Fresno Pacific , Howdy SJbley. Rich Andrewson. AI 

In the soccer squad's initial hom<' and Duncan ampbell played the 
of 1974, the Tritons dropp d LA Baptist, 90 minutes In a style that Coach 
O ctober 16. It was a game that was ca lled "brilliant. " 
really close. despite the final score We haven't played nearly that well all 
shots on goal total of 28-4 indo ated.~ascln" said Hayes. " I thought we were 
UCSD was In full control of an infefl , lIy Impre sive. Everyone was moving for 
for the 90 minutes of play. ball and our passing was great. All of the 

The Tritons got eight c lose shots made an effort to playas a team. 
feet of Alfonso Gonzalez. 'Steve th ey did a fine job.:' 
Jairo Marin. and Carlos Robles within goals by Gonzalez and one by 
first 10 minutes of the battle, yet 10 es highlighted the season's best of. 
amazement of the home spectators. show, whipping a team that Haye~ 
to score Iy had a lot of solid players." 

Meanwhile, goalie Joe owing the All-Cal Tourney, the team 
returnee from last season but in his have a week off and then come home to 
1974 game due to an early injury, rarely Mpsa College, Saturday. November 2 
to move around and was cal led on for p m. 

Photos : 

Harry Pa 
THE 

An evening of DAnce . 
exotic instruments 

. . 

-

Spe rry 

Satire with the composer. 

Ini"I!~. 4dllance Tic.ets: SAn Dieao StAI., 
RecilAl HAil, Music 

Nowmber. 1, I, 9 
$3.00 

S.t. Oct. 26 RecitAl HAil 
s.t. Nov. 2 
Sun. Nov. ] 

" 

J 

,State Sinks Triton~, 
1.4-4; Rematch Slated 

by Bert Lee 
The UCSD water polo team lost 

its first game in nine outings as 
they bowed to a powerhouse SD 
State squad 14-4 last Tuesday in 
the State natatorium . State, 
which ranks in the Top Six 
nationally at the university level, 
quickly grabbed the lead, built it 
up to fH) at the half and coasted 
in the rest of the way. 

Coach Gary Becker noted that 
despite the score. the Tritons 
were not beaten physically by 
State. Rather, the Aztecs out-
finessed the Tritons with their 
quick fast break attack. He noted 
that whenever the Tritons would 
work the ball down the pool and 
take a shot, the State team would 
all fast break simu ltaneously as 
soon as their goalie caught the 
ball and then receive a pass from 
him to score against an out-
manned Triton defense. State also 
cored quickly on· throw-i n 

si tuations after re eiving the ball 
from the referees. 

uch plays. said Becker. have 

not been worked on by the 
Tritons yet, due to the relative 
inexperience of the squad. The 
State contingent includes several 
All-Americas who have been 
around a long time and who have 
acquired the necessary ex-
perience to make their offense 
work. Please note that this is not 
an attempt to belittle the ALtec 
team, because they simply 
outplayed the Tritons. But what 
Becker implied was that the 
Tritons will improve with x-
perience and that their rematch 
with the Aztecs on November 8 
will be much closer . 

The game did have several 
bright spots for the Tritons Corky 
(EI Chunko) Hull scored three 
times. Mark Liska played an 
excellent game defenSively and 
Dave Dupuy con tinu ed his 
outstanding play and im-
provement by playing a good 
team game. 

The next home game will be 
this hlday at 4 p.m. against an 
excellent U of Arizona team 

Give Me· an F! 
by Dirk Siaker 

" Hit 'em again! Hit 'em again! Harder ! Harder !" What's all the 
( he ring about you ask Well . inconceivable as II may seem, 
there's actually som thing happening at UCSD thiS Friday night 
Y s. It'S once again time for the election of the UCSD ali-
t mp rature cheerleaders . ontrary to popular belief, there are 
actually cheerlead rs at UCSD and they plan to kick-off th iS 
weekend with some high-stepping in the main gym at 7 pm 

Both AdVISor Renee Cad na and Coordinator Kathy Mathews 
view the competition as the most titillating event of the year . 0, 
qUit pussy-footm' around and beat It to the gym, pom-poms In 
hand, to ee the way things will bounce for the Tritons this year 
Th best part IS that it is free and should provide fun for all who 
attE'nd . 

Field Hockey Begins 
by Paul Wagner only been together for a short 

time with many of them being 
Women 's Fie ld Hockey added to the team as the season 

recent ly got off the ground at progressed . Although the team's 
UCSD with a game against overall record is not impressive. 
Grossmont Co ilege. It was the their opponents have not been 
inaugural homegame for the pushovers either, as they opened 
women and they played a very their season with an away game 
fundamental and defensive game against a much more experienced 
as they held the more ex- San Diego State team . The loss 
perienced Gros~mont team to a 0- they suffered was not taken as 
o tie . The game was mostly ball such, but rather it was taken to be 
control with very little excess a learning experience through 
roughness and penalties. The which the team learned what was 
majority of the ca lls against the to be expected during the season . 
girls were on technicalities and The tearr may be new, but they 
not on blatant fouling . The team promise to bring a lot of ex-
effort was considered en- citement into women's sports at 
couraging as the women have UCSD. 

ISpikers Downed Againl 
The Tritons weren't without chances to win In Tuesday's haiti!' 

against Palomar . Down one gamE' to none, the UCSD led In thr second 
13-9, threatening to even the score. The lead then qUickly ('vaporatt>d 
into a 15-13 defeat . 

"The errors we made wer all mental." said Millenbah " I would say 
that physically thiS team is better than any I've ever had At crUCial 
times against Palomar, though. we broke down mentally " 

Freshman Eva Ljungwe emerged as a highlight for UCSD. at one 11m!' 
serving five straight aces 111 the second game. Judy Otero also held lip 
h r part. digging well in the back line. 

"We seem to be working harder now than In any past years," 
Millenbah commented. "If we put it all together, and we might against 
Southwestern, we undoubtedly have the ability to blow a t am fight off 
the floor ." 

MEMORANDUM TO JUNIOR 
AND SENIOR SCIENCE MAJORS 

Chemistry 195 is designed to give upper diVISion students With 
strong science backgrounds an opportunity to take on a teaching 
role In lower diVISion (and In a few cases upper diVISion) 
chemistry courses . ThiS program has been very successful over 
the past few years, prOViding mutual benefits to faculty. students 
and teaching assistants Especially In the large courses. the 
teaching assistant forms a Vital part of the faculty-student in-
terface by helping students feel more in touch and less part of an 
amorphous crowd 

Expanded enrollments and course offerings prOVide us With the 
chance to employ more undergraduates In the teaching program 
this year than ever before . For thiS reason the Department of 
Chemistry is seekmg outstanding upper diVISion sCience majors 
to participate In thiS program dUring the winter and/ or spring 
quarters of this academiC year Assignments tYPically include 
conducting recitation and/ or laboratory sections (25 students] as 
well as meetings and exam gradll1g sessIOns With the course 
II1structor 

In addition to obtall1l11g course credit for teaching through 
enrollment 111 Chemistry 195, there are also a limited number of 
aSSIgnments which carry a stipend of approXimately ~400 per 
quarter Students with prior experience In Chemistry 195 will be 
given preference for paid positiOns 

I f you are Interested in helping fellow undergraduates learn 
chemistry, please contact Jean Kramer at 4426 Mayer Hall (). 
3038) immediately Please prOVide a record of your sCIence 
grades We are now preparing our teaching assignment schedule 
for winter quarter 

1222 Pros~ct Street 
454-8806 

Our Dill WITH ,EWISH SOUL has a 13 page 
menu - great to practIce s~ read,nR 

The SandWiches you won·t forget-- even " you ' 
want to Ignore the prepoSItion ending. but you 
won't be able to Ignore THE MAVIN'S unIque I 
restaurant WIth a whole new experience In eating 'I 
pleasures 

We tumull from 8 In the morn untIl 10 at nlte 
I (fn & Sat n'lll 12 or SO J 

NOW PLAYING 
THERE IRE TWO THIIGS 
I. THIS WORLD I HlTE •.. 

RACIIl PREJUDICE liD I.IISI 

.. Co..."Io, ... 4tD,,' e',1 l f 
...... 

¥ILLAU T1tMIre 
~ 
..... ,., 
nAR.,...... 
Oil I • 
,... ... 

G •· .. 

"AID. INA 
PINDia 
CAA" 

TOW ... .,....," 
.... " ... . 

.U-7~" 
NUllO" On .... ln _a_. 
477-U •• 

PACIFIC On ... ·tn 
-.-17"'400 
.SCOleDfDO Ort __ ln 
•••• 11 ... 
74 •• UI 
... nATW •• 

~-4 ...... 7 
UAaPen.ey ..... 
-o.JM 
4400_ 
...... VALLaYC .... _ 
...... ..... 
....... 

.,..... 

.... 

Pale S Trilon Times October 25, 1'74 



Music: Classics in Review CUries Hyde 
The Creat La Jolla Battle 

alluded to in my last article 
continued with the concert by the 
La Jolla Sinfonia. True to form, 
they were led by a Joan d'Arc in 
the person of Mona Colabek, 
piano soloist . Conductor John 
Carvey directed his merry 
musicmakers boldly, although the 
'concert was preceded by some 
roughish electronic jesters. 

more ensemble and precision 
than I have ever heard before in a 
San Diego based group. If the 
charm and delicacy of the piece 
was perhaps slightly offset by its 
brightnf'S~ , it was to the 
audience's delight. Haydn cannot 
be made to sound bad. but he can 
be made to sound mediocre. 
Carvey and the-.Sinfonia luckily 
made this ability remain hidden . 
The Paris Symphony is an 
example of Haydn's culmination 
of the classical symphonic form : 
it is a work with internal form and 
overall architecture ; the 
movements achieve a greatness 
when unified that is not attained 
separated. Important, too, is that 
the important wind timbre was 

The concert proper (in direct 
comparison to the pre-concert 
improper, of course) began with 
Joseph Haydn's "Paris" Sym-
phony, number 68 in C. Mr. 
Carvey led the orchestra in an 
especially vigorous, if slightly 
heavy. performance. Never-
theress •. ttJ.e orchestra 'Played with 

Concert Notes : 
Jazz returns to the hallowed halls of the 

UCSD Cym in perhaps the most ;xciting 
double bill of the fall q.,aarter, as Airto and his 
band Fingers joins Brian AUler'. ObIi~ion 
Express this Sunday night at 7:30 pm . 

Brian Auger's is a popular oriented type jazz, 
which is immediately accessible to jazz and 
pop fans alike. Since 1964 when he was voted 
" Brightest Hope" in the Melody Maker Jazz 
Poll as a pianist. he has broadened his horizons 
and now plays organ , electric piano, piano. 
moog, and Freeman String Machine. His band 
adds bass guitar. guitar, congas, drums, tim-
bales and percussion to the sound of the 
Oblivion Express. Auger feels tha: " You have to 
take the best parts of pop and jazz to form a 

mus~c that is neither jazz nor pop, but a 
coming together of all the essential parts that 
each has to offer. " 

Airto (pronounced "eye-ear'toe") offers 
another sound entirely . Almost indescribable 
in print, I personally like to th ink of it as 
Brazill ian skat singing with percussion and 
rhythm being predominant in the musical 
sound. Ai rto likes to think of it as "natural 
music" sin.ce most of the sounds are natural 
ones. Some of the instruments Airto plays 
haven't got names because he doesn't know 
what to call them . Others are recogni zed 
percussion instruments such as cuica, caxixi , 
atabaqu e, reco-reco, agogo , afu che, 
chocalhos, surdo, ganza, barimbau, zabumba, 
and pandei ro . If th is sounds at all suspicious to 

you. don't worry. take my word for it. the 
resulting sound is wonderful. 

If you're looking for some jazz tonight , don't 
forget that BUly Cobh.m, a powerful per-
cussionist in his own right will be appearing 
tonight at the EI Cortez Hotel. Selected as best 
drummer in both the Playboy All-Star Jazz & 
Pop Poll and the Downbeat Readers Poll 
Cobham hails from such company as Mile~ 
Davis , and the Mahavi shnu Orchestra . 
Opening act for tonights show is Scot lands 

A~erage White Band. 
If it's just plain rock and roll you're looking 

for, look towards Tuesday's in San Diego as 
Quicksil~er atld Jo-Jo Gunne appear tonight 
and tomorrow. with opening act Stonexround. 

And for a different drum altogether, Sunday 
night at Tuesdays, Linda Ronstadt appears with 
Dalton " Dubarri. and Clo~er. 

Space seems short, so I' ll hold my historical 
perspective for the week down to a nutshell. 
Birthdays: Jon Anderson of Yes October 25 
Keith Hopwood of Herman's Herm its (who?) o~ 
the 26th, and Cracie Slick on the 30th . The 27th 
marks the death of Duane Allman in a 1971 
motorcyle accident, and November 28th marks 
the day in 1%2 when a lad named Raymond 
Jones went into a NEMS record store in 
Liverpool searching for a copy of "My Bonnie", 
recorded by an unheard of group called The 
Beatles. 

, ... ·n.s.In .• 1-24 "TIIUlIl. ~_TlIAII 

'If\eatrc ihtin~ 
3'721 Unlver.ltY Ave. 

2114-10lI0 
GROOVE TUBE' [Rl 7:30 9:00 

PLUS 
Cheech & Chong Cartoon 

• ..... etbell Jo_' 

CAPRI ............ ,. lIIIUII ...... 
'CHINA rOWN' ,II" • 

..... ..-..'111_-
CfNTJl.RY 1 MU II .... 

1UlI1' ........ 
'tUMMB .. '42"",'04' 
'CUSS .. '44' -",JI 

CE!!Y!!J.AI ' ,:jfi.!: 
'lllllG II lEW TOIl' .. 

-",,_ ..... 

COVE ... , ~:::= =-
·su ..... '42' , .... , .. " 
'CUll" '44' , .. 1 .... 

FINE ARTS ,.,. Oamat. P.B. 
274-4000 

' PETERS' .>ETS· IX) 8"':'~': :lI 
GUILD r 3I275th. S.D. _2000 
·K .. p It U ' l .... ck· IX) 

,It I CUIEIA .,_.au.,. 
'lYDt...,..' _ I"l 1-

LA PALOMA 4711et St. 
Enclnltal 

'Anlmal C rao:ka,.· 7I3-43f7 
' My LIm. :ltIck.d .. • 

mAID __ ·12)."41 
.............. " .. 

'MTU II1II BILLIr ill " 
--... SOLANA 113 S. Acacia 

Sol .... BNCh 
'SUMM ER of '42' 7!l5-171. 

·C .... of · .... • 

UNICORN 7"'1I"_~ II ... • et.UIl 
~_"'_ I II .. 

,.......... ... . IMOIrfTWlIII .. 

"':..:= ,':.:.,'"""'::= 

Pilge 6 Triton Times October 25, 1974 

~_CUClla·""", UUln .. pu~.! !,!!!!"I" 

PLUS THE CLASSIC 
liMY LITTLE 

CHICKADEEII 
WIllI w. Co FlEUS CIMPUft __ • 

_AI 7:11 
Hald ova. umll Sunda 

......... C-..t ••• ru' •. c ...... c-..' ........... nI 
,.. •• NT 

Sunday. October 27th 8:00 P.M._. 
Unl ...... lty 01 Cohlornio Son Dleao 

Tick.,. .110 .vallabla at Tlcket,on lIutlat •. 
rk"'""",, .Co.o .hIIMfI, ..... "'u 'Jao ~I""' •• I _ _ , . to 

'IC •• " Off ,,.U ., . IIIC.D ...... ,C .... __ . I .......... ., ... ....,.. IfI -...- ..... " •• ""'"., •• , 
• ....... ,- IA 0.- .,... ... n. , . .... . ... Ie ... ,,4ft. 

allowed to emerge; the purpose dextrous. The outcome was a very 
and fame of the modern chamber good. exciting rendition . But it is 
orchestra. not a chamber work, and the poor 

What the chamber orchestra is vionn was smothered by trom-
not adapted to do, however, IS·to bones and drums. 
bring the standard concert Mona Colabek showed us a 
repertory into a smaller concert technique worthy of Liszt's great 
hall with a (slightly) smaller demands . But the problem 
orchestra. Unfortunately, this is seemed to be that Liszt didn't 
what was programmed for the provide a concerto worthy of the 
remainder of the concert . Neither technique he demands. Again. 
Aaron Copland's Bill)' the Kid or this was not Ms. Colabek's fault 
F.ranz lint's Piano Concerto for she is a very talented 
number 1 is written for what one musician, but the combined 
can consider a chamber or- problems of a concerto that is 
chestra . And while both per- much more showy than musically 
formances were very good, they fulfilling, and a chamber or-
suffered from the mismatch . It is chestra playing a piece out of its 
not, certainly, Michaelangelo size class. 
with finger paint. but it is the As for the opening electri c 
entire Sistine Chapel viewed on a jesters? This was the first of the 
B'/' by 11 piece of paper. At least "Nova Series, " which will preceed 
with the Sinfonia, it was high- the La Jolla Sinfonia concerts . 
quality paper. Ostensibly designed to bring 

The story of William Bonney, music in a more contemporary 
alias "Billy the Kid," is transcribed style to an audience mostly 
into music by Copland in his ossified in the nineteenth cen-
unique style. It is very Ameri can. tury. presented was the Cahill 
full of hints of cowboy songs and .Quartet , made up of 
all the rugged rhythms of the predominately SDSU musicians 
West. John Carvey navigated to probably not the best way t~ 
complex rhythms without a score, present electronic music to a 
and the orchestra was similarly [Continued on Page 71 

New Theatre This Afternoon 
. The premiere performances of two new documentary theatre , 

pieces created by UCSD's MFA Theatre Company will take place this 
afternoon at 4 pm in 409 Me. This is the first of a series of ori ginal 
theatre pieces to be created by students in the Drama Departmenes 
new MrA graduate program . 

The first piece. " Working, " is based on Studs Terkel's new book as a 
documentary source for a study of Ameri can attitudes towards work . 
Characters in the play include a steelworker, a housewife. a business 
executive, a radical lawver. and a carpenter-poet . Written by Jeff 
Levy, the piece is under the direction of Frank Condon. 

"Never 6 ive A Lady .. .. is th e second piece on this afternoon's bill. 
A charm i ~g and wry study of 19th century American courting habits. 
It draws Its documentary source from etiquette manuals letters 
calling cards, and variOus social documents of th e period . W'ritten b~ 
Robert Kangas. the pi ece is under the direction of Peter Klein . 

Craduate advisor Dr. Michael Addison has po inted out that "an 
important part of the new graduate program in drama is to create a 
vital forum for theatre events created by students - actors direc tors 
and playwrights." • , 

It is in this spirit that this afternoon marks the first unveiling of this 
type of creative work. Admission is free to all. 

Friday Night Flicks 
WESTWORLD 

THE ILLUSTRATED MAN 
7:30 & 10:30 754 USB 2722 

Saturday Films 
REPULSION 

by Roman Polanski 
(7:30 & 11:00) 

NIGHT OF THE LlVING-DEAD · (9:20) 
HALLOWEEN SHOW 

ONE DOLLAR USB 2722. 

SAN DIEGO 

~: ~. i ." ' 

l5IJO Sport. A,.,. Blvd. 
• San m.110. c.,,, 12110 
rel."ho".ln4)m-4171 

SPECIAL GUEST 

RUFUS 
Reserved Seatinx 

6,25 7.25 8.25 
Nov. 21st 8 p.m. 
For tickets, please send a self-
addressed stilmped envelope 

with SO. order. 

Classics in 
Review 

[Continued from Pale 6) 
generally un!ympathetic 
audience,' for I've heard much 
better electronic performances 
than this rampaging paroxysm of 
high-intensity per~ersities of 
leukotomized feedback loop.s. 

The concert as a whole must be 
considered a large success, for it 
gathered what I consider the best 
musical group that I have heard 
in San Diego. Together with its 
recital series, the La Jolla SinfoniaJ 
should be considered essential for 
classical music ' lovers . 

Investments 
Continued from Page 2 

economic and cultural make-up of the State of California. 
These are difficult tasks that require mobilization on several fronts_ 

First, the meetings of the Regent's Committee on Investments should 
be held in public. Second, lobbying efforts for mor.e social respon-
sibility in all Regent's decisions by organi zations such as the UC 
Student Lobby should be continued. And third, we recommend 
passage of Proposition 4 on the November ballot. This proposition 
would shorten a Regent's term of appointment from 16 to 12 years 
beginning in 1976, allow one UC faculty member and one student to 
sit on the Regent's board and stipulate that composition of the Board 
of Regents reflect the economic, cultural, and social diversity of the 
State of California. 

These are not a complete solution to the question of corporate 
rf'sponsibility. But they are a step in the right direction until the time 
when we li ve in a society whi ch values human conditions over 
{'(onomic ~ain . 

The Mgssacre 

Informers, Agents Involved? 
Continued from Page 1 

Wamings 
One of the arrested students 

warned of " An American model 
white van, with a blue and purple 
stripe around it, no front license 
plate, and a Missouri plate in the 
rear." The student also said a 
brown T oronado wilh a white 
vinyl top is also in use by alleged 
undercover agents . 

These cars have been seen 
around Coast Blvd. and Carmel 
Valley Road. 

According to Lt. Nic hols, sIO ce 
the beginning of the force a little 
over a year ago, narcotics in-

've stigations have been 
streamlined . 

Close Friends 
As to whether an informer or 

undercover agent existed, one of 
the arrested said, " For me to 
believe that there was an in-
fOUTler would mean having to 
th ink about a lot of close friends." 

He added that he could only 
remember one person who had 
visi ted hiS home that he did not 
know .. 

Another student observed, " It 
is quite possible that there was an 
informer, but I really don't 
know." 

Four students have pleaded not 
J!ui ltv and one has plf'adf'd gui lty. 

Six are scheduled for the Drug 
Diversion program. wh ich allows 
first offenders to enter a " drug 
edu cat i on" program Without 
receiV ing further sentencing. 

According to Levens. "The 
charges var ied slightly. but It is 
my opinion t hat everyone was 
charged with everyth ing because 
the Distric t Attorney isn't sure yet 
what he can prove. There were 
some people who had no real 
connect ion with the premises 
who were nevertheless charged. 
One person who had noth ing to 
do with the premises had more 
charges than anyone else." 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING ~~ 
S1£~ NIk~ ~O~S~ S~sr£.S 

COWR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODA.K 
PENT A.X, OL YMPUS, 4 KONICA. CAMERAS &. LENSES 

Abortion 
Alternatives 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 

INCLUDING 

/ 

SAN DIEGO PRO-LIFE 

Call 
Sll-54]] 

for 24 hr. counseling 

free speakers 
also available 

PLUMBIM. CONT RACTORS 

Leaverton - San 

REMODE L - NEW IN STALLATION S - REPA I RS 
STATE LICEN SE NO. 272-677 

566-4411 
7575 Carroll Road , San Diego, Ca. 92121 

Inc. 
KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES-SERVICE ·TRADES· REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

459-7355 

Tennis Anyone? 
THE PLACE: University Bookstore and adjacent tennis courts 
THE TIME: Tuesday, October 29th a •• 11 to 2 
THE EVENT: An autograph party and game demonstration 

by w. Timothy .Gallway 
Author of the bestselling book 
The Inner Game of Tennis 

The Inner Game of Tennis Is the result of a unique system 
of training used by teaching pro Timothy Gallwey to produce 
a remarkable Improvement In the gam .. of his own students. 

At the heart of the book I. the concept that within every 
tennl. pl.yer the,.. are two s.lv •• : Self 1 [the teller) and Self 
2 [the doer). Your Self 2 would play a much better tennl. 
gam. th.n you do now. But It I. your Sell 1, the critic· the 
voice that .. ys "You idiot, how could you ml.s that .hot?" • 
who deetroy. your concantretlon, ruin. your gam •• 

Don't miss this chance to perfect your game - join us! 
UnlV£RSIT'f 

:A. 
...... ,..,,~~ ,-.-... 

BOOK1i-OR£ 
MATTHIWS CAMPUS 

EXTENSION 1170 

University Bookstore & 
Matthews Campus Tennis Cour.ts 

Your 
..nkA ........ rd 
Walcoma ...,. 

Pale 7 Triton Times October 25, 1974 



--------------------wllhat's happening ..... 
I._lints 

n •• t tmmunloetlon. .o.rd 
..... tI ... wi I .t noon. Friday. Oct. 21 
In .... I".d t arv.nlzlltl_ Con. 
.. _ RCK'm. 110/211 

UCIO ltu,-. Coop M .... ng 1:30 
Itud.nt C.nt.r Conf.r.nc. Room 
Monday Oct. . . ........ ttend • K ' 
ttv.ly .ndora. or cond.mn our 
............ c:oncept. The Coop .. NOT 
• atudent tI_em. 110/., 

"7JIww .. ". a..,.,.,,,,..... on 
T~. 0cf0IIw" 'PI. lit 7 p."'. Itt 
fIN ", .. ftIItIo.MI c.m.r ,., .. Itt· 
....,. ", fIN Eduf»tIon AINNd 
",..,..", ,., "7fl·71 Iflllallflad 
____ wlrltaJ..GPA) fD_ 
........... _ a ., __ ."... fD 

-.---"- ",. .,.,.,.. -
..... .-H 
tiled".,. """'t CofItH:II MeIItIn •• 

~. 11 0cfDbw. 'Z noon. ,.",. 
_,.,.,.. 100m. StvdMt c.nter. 
0.- I'wIrf» will JoIn .,. lit _ fD 
tIIK_ .",wt/t In .NfI......,,,.,,t 
.",..",.",.. 1101. 

For mora then I.,... hM kept the 
Sebbllth. the SabNth he. kept l.mI." 
Ached Ha·am. Join u. for Sheb •• 
dinner 7:30 p.m. Frldey. Muir TV Apt. 
Lounge. U.J .S. (10/211 

Trte Union of Jaw/M Sf".",. I. 
~n_rln. • SlJabbat Dlnn., In ",. 
Muir Apt. Loll"" tltg 'F;rlda., n",hr. Oct 
•• t 7:JIJ p .",. ('012IiJ 

.oc/o/o • ., ",./or. . 
",,.,,,,., co"" hour T-*". OcfDbar 
a lit J.1JD p.m . In 7D7f H It SS. T.1te tIW 
0fIP0I'tIIttIr' fD "., acquainted wItIt 
'lOur ""'W nudatt,. ."d "",'-re. 
IIook ".,. fo, winter fluwter __ 
will be available. ".. co"" , 
do..",uu. 1101. 

notices 
lEX CLINIC: Cou ..... l.,. on ..... 1 
Problem.. Wade. 3-1; R ... I" cou ... 
"'0,. OffIce I"..r the Prowoat Offlcel. 
Judith Jorge_ M.D.; Hugh P.t .. 
Ph.D. 111/271 

ATTENTION .. EVELLE FALL 
ORADUATES: A I"t of F.II 1174 ........ 
erac!Ulltea .. poatad on .... baerd 
ou .... the· R ...... Provoat'. OffIc • . 
P .... c'-lc to make au ... your na..-
Ie on It. If YOU have .ny qu .... ona. 
P .... come Into .... Provoet'. OffIce. 
(101211 

Re"ell. Commut.r. .nd R •• ld.nt 
Student.. Po.ltlon. op.n on th. 
College Program loenl. which funda .. I 
..... k.,.. concartll •• nd .ntartIIlnment 
.nd cultu ... 1 _te .t .. ."..... RCCA 
will .ppolnt 1 atudenta. Appllcatlona 
... Ileb.. .t Informadon Cent.r .nd 
R ...... Provoat Office. 110/211 

Coe/ne ... cant. tangent. alne 3.141". 
Pro ... n .• nzym ... . nd DNA. The 
Blo/Chem Clinic I. open tod.y. The 
Blology/ Ch.mlltry Clinic I. op.n 
Monday to Thursd.y from 2-1 .nd 7·10. 
Friday. from 2·&' AI.o open Sunday 
nlgMa for your convl.nce. Located .t 
Muir 2B·211i1. (111m 

A TTENTION FOURTH COLLEGE 
STUDENTS: .",.,. .,. • few PQ#tIo". 
.".Ilable fo, th_ Fourth Col,... 
n".",. I"t~ /" campu. wllM 
com mitt.... Application. ma., b. 
pICked liP .t tha Follrth Co/Ief1e 
Pro"on" Dfflce. and a,. due Monda., 
Oct. a (1012IiJ 

International .tudente you .ra Invited 
to heva .n A,"n a/.,.Ing group .t the 
International Center Oct. 21 7:00 p.m. 
with Campu, Cru .... (10/211 

• URROUGHI COR... will he .. 
,.,..n ....... Oft -... FrL Dot. a 
PoeItI_1n ..... .--IntI marketing 
In Sen Dlaeo . ........ A .nd MA In 
Computar Iclenoea. Mtlth. Eco_loa. 
Appolntm.nta nH .... ry for In-
..m-- Ca,.., Plannl ... _ H .... 
(10/211 

..OHM AND HAAS CO. to be on 
campua Monday. Oc:t .. Interviewing 
for poaltl_ In Pannaylv.nIa. __ inti 
PhD. In Chem"'" for- ~rch .nd 
dev.lopm.nt. Mor. d.talled In· 
formation .net appointment Khedul.,. 
.t C.,.., Plennlntt. _ H.... 110/211 

BULLOCK'S DEPT. STORES will ".". 
~."Iiwee Ott cam".. T.....,. 
Oct. ZI. No majo, 0' d .. ,.. 
..... /rwnenr.; _ric ,,; LA and Oren .. 
Colltltlaa. (Jpportllnltlea for '10""- _ 
and __ I" ona of Sollfltem 
Callfornl. '. mo.t d.,n.",'c ,ata" 
o,.."lzIItIon. ApPOlntm.",. lit Ca_ 
PIa""In • •.. H It SS. (ro/. 
WRITINO CLINIC: Help with cou," 
pe.,.,.. proP_I.. .cho .. rty .rtlcln . 
"c. 1254 H-L. C ·2Il2. (10/211 
American Mu-'t: Fur"'.1 hald In En -
. an.da. Wedn •• d • .,. Octob.r 30. 
,.h .. ,..1 .t tit. M.nd.,,"Ie Canter. 
room 202 UCSD, Saturda., October 26 
at 1:30 p.m. 

Mu.lc. tran.portetlon from TUuana to 
En.ene •.• nd dinner will. furnl.hed 
by the Ena.nada F .. tI".1 Com min ... 

Appllc:lltlon •• ,. n_ being .cc.pted .t 
the Muir Prowoat Offlc. for the winter 
Qu.rt.r Mulr· Dartmouth Exch.ng. 
Program. Any Int.r .. ted .ppllcente 
Ihould contect Maxine Han,., .t the 
Muir Provoet Offlc.. Extan.lon " . 
Th. de.dlln. for aubmlttlng .p. 
pllcatl_ I. Monday. OCfobltr •• 1174. 
(10/211 

The Offtee of Hou ..... and Food ... . 
vi... Alllllinietration lo .... d In 
.ul ..... _ MettNwa CempU ... 
ounwttly .......... Ita weItIntt IIat f. 
.....d.noa ha. 1IvI .... 
Stu""''' do m_ out of the hal .. for 
".rtou. _ne durtng the que,., .• nd 
.tudenta on. cUrNntw.ltlntt ltat Nnd 
• tlood chanoa to _ Into the haIIa 
when v_ncIH _r. 
Any .tudente who _ Irn.wted In 
Ilvlne In the hel .. Mould oontact Dlbby 
W.lton In .ulld.... _ MtI~ 
Ca/llllUllortelephonaher .. C-4D1O. 
live her their currant add..... .nd 
telephone nu ...... IP1OI2II 

SWIMMERI: " you _ • member or 
would like to be one. com. to workouta 
.. 1:10 to HI .. m. Moncley through 
Friday. For more Info Inqulra et gym 
offIc .. (10/., 

Racrultara from U.S.C. law School wi" 
be hera: 

Friday. Oct 21. 1174 
1:00 p.m. 

Conf.r.nc. Room·Rm 17 
Pro"oat'l Office 

Third ColI.gl (10/211 

PROTESTANT WORSHIP SERVICE 
I P.cl.1 gu .. t . p •• ker - "The Refor· 
mat lon" Sund.y. 10:00 • . m.. et 
Unl"e,.lty Luther.n Church. Cempu. 
P •• tor John Huber will b. c.l.brent for 
the " Deutach. M ...... liturgy (10/211 

CATHOLIC MASS .t UCSD Student 
c.nt., on SII"da., •• t 7D:JIJ a .m .• with 
Fath.r. Bernia C.mpb." and Ed 
Dono".n. AIao at Unlven/ty Lllth_n 
Church on Sat lit 77:30 p.m .; SlInda., •• t 
' :30 a .m . ."d IS p .m .; and TII .. da., •• nd 
Trtll,.da., •• t 72:(J() noon. (10/261 

A I .. AOHl1T1 DINNER .. UnIvwaIty 
Lutheran Churoh. au ....... I:at p.m.. 
wIth.1II HeIdbrInk _ M.C. For .... . V ..... 
ceII __ or....,. or alen up aft8r 
Sunday mornl.,. ....... 10 .. m . • 
oenta donation. .101211 

music 

Internetlonal ltudenta you .ra InvhId 
to hear an Aelen .1 ....... tlroup tile 
Cro .. ro.d. with the .tud.nt 
...... nI .. tIon Campua eru.de et tile 
Intarnetlonel Canter Oct. .... 7:tD p.m_ 
(101211 

lectures 
$peneer ONn. Prof. of Hiat. UCI, p,..., 
Unlv. Coune .• Am. Fed. Of TMchera 
AFL·CIO will apeak Fri. Oct. 21 .t 3:30 
p.m. In the Rewlla Informal Lou .... on' 
Collective 8.,..lnI.,. for Academic 
Employ.... L •• rn .bout the 
poaalbllltin .nd problem. thet .ra 
p_nted to academic employ_ by 
the Imminence of collective .r .. lnI.,. 
for public employ_. (10/211 

films 

ATTICA · A film by Cindl Flreat_. A 
dram.tlc documentary of the 1171 N_ 
York prl.on revolt. Tu .. day Oct. 21. 1:00 
p.m. USI 2722. Sponaored by ISU. 
YSA. (10/ 21·1 

... ----------------.a,:dvertisements for ourselve!:~ .. 
for sale 

Ifoa/fInoi Strto Slrg. 207 cm. mark., 
blndln... '75 .lIrlboard. n': H6. 
R_1n/c tJ.ttwck car tap. deck. Fur 
forw.rd. H6. Stev •• 46f.1732 (7012J6l 

FOR SALE: 9 mo old Megnevox 19" B & 
W TV XLNT condo N_ . • 130 • •• klng 
,..00 Call Kethy efter 6:00 ..... 71 
(10/., 
Mu.t Sell •• Reneult " .10 30 mpg n_ 
rad ..... . mog davlc • •• tr body. gd paint. 
4 .pd. 4 dr • • x uphol.t.ry. Bnt offer 
over MOO by thl. w .. k.nd. 753-1471. 
(10/211 

•• M.G. Midget n_ t lr ... terao FM 
exl. Int. racent odd Job reaolved. "S1 
m.p.g. 710 or b .. t Bob 7!16-11374. (10/211 

IealculetO,. 4 modale x & memory 
!-v.I .. ble. 1 yr. guarant .. nI ....... OO. 
Ic.II Floyd &12-3133. P(10/2I1 

~'" Toyota Corona Mkll 4 dr. 4 .pd 10 
~11e ... 1100 Call C"". (101211 

71 KAWASAKI 310 cc good condition 
lend fun. C.II aftar 1 p.m. ~. 

~10/.' 
tNlKOR LENSES: 24 mm. ft.I .nd 1. 
mm. f2.1. Call C·2124 or ,..7117 
110/301 
MUST SELLII UPRIOHT PIANO · Oood 
condition · lu" neecIa tunl.,. .1" P.t 
___ 110/211 

GARRARD ZERO 1. XLNT condo 
!Wood ._. duet c_. Shura MIIED 
iCart. .1211 ...". (10/., 
iB_mar MX 100; 1 mo. old fun fune· ~; onI~ ".00. Privet. P.rty 212· 

~.11013,'OI 
tw V,W. Camper V.n rebuilt 1100 
!entlln. lllaellent condo mu.t .ell jt11OO.OO or !Met offer call Tom .. 412· II- 110/2It1 
7'4" lurhoerd. .ood condition .nd 
aurta _" ~N 412·1711. Carter 110/211 
RtEE • LJeImIItJott -Labtwdor fD IIOOd 
"""'. , ",.nth. old. ",.yfu/ Ii 10_ 

.... ""'111. M.,., ".". pIen,., of 100m to 
fWf. -..., Scott _~ (1011llJ 

f'OR IAL~ C ... 10 W. XTALB. Whip. 
Mount I_/ Mobile • . 00 cell John 
~. m--. (10/211 
,., SaIa: ScItMIm ~ o~ 'lit III'Ia 
Call John _ . m-aJD (101261 • 

r- TrIv".h - O,..t TraMPortatlon 
.... Can ~ Aek for Joe (101211 

AKAI CR·. . · tr.ck tap. 
p/a.,.,/recorder. Uk. naw l725w/th /0,. 
of t."... 274-'73 ..,."1,, •• (701261 
CALCULATORS FOR SALE. Tax .. 
In.trum.nte & Rockw.lI'. Unicorn. 
Quick d.llve,.,. dl.count prlc .. & Dood 
.ervlce. S .. D.n Knox 232 B .. ke H.II 
4112·... (10/211 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASH7 P.ylng Top DolI.r 
fo r your U.S. SlIv.r Coina Mlntad 
before 1"'. Ken 452·1321. (P10/301 

larD • • ltable .urfboerd under 9 ft Ev • . 
481·9603. (10/211 

car pools 
T1.r,...nta C.r Pool w.nted. C.II 212· 
5723 or 1115-4753. (10/., 
ear pool tJ.6l111on-Frl from OB to UCSD. 
Call 462·4271S or 222· 7HII (7012.) 

personals 
K •• tax .. 1 love you with .11 my heart. 
H.ppy birthday today .. heppy .unahl.,. 
forever. (101211 

P.S.:I.· Thet flm .ml" really m.d. m.,. 
day.· g.g. (10/211 

wlb Itt caN .,011 did" 't know It .. "..". 
four Incredlbl. month. h.pp., 
an"'-"l. /ow. CWF (10/_ 
Bath • Much - 10.,. and happ/"... 
",.", • ., . ... (n.. LJttIa Dtt.) (701261 
ZIOOY. LADY STARDUST. SPIDERS. 
Ind A·LAD· IN .. ng. 

Your living In the mind w.rp 
pevililon .. lt'. the y .. r of the dl.mond 
dog. 

TheD .. mond Kid (10/211 
Bath.,. Happ., IIIrtItda., from two luill. 
fD ano""'. Lo.,. . Vic It Su. 1701261 

To "'.ra., • •• d Lynn. Thenk you for being 
.0 nlca .nd _.... Don' t Itop being 

l thet w.y .nd aom .... y H. will _rd t 
you. O .. per 110/211 

To m., walkln. thNm. YOII _ ",. _ 
and on'" _ . But EI ""'.11 ... not 
want fD ". k."t Itt ",. darlt .. .aIotte. 
Sunday 71 P.M . • , 110/aJ 

CHRIS. I'M SnLL DEPRE •• ED. IF YOU 
CAN HELP. MEET ME WHERE WE 
FIRST MIT. FRIDAY AT 1. P.u111012l1 

KEE,.II: NOH BEAR LOST HIS 
LOIIfCLOfH flHlCH REALL Y BLEW 
II.",.,. A 1M Y. ", I 1012IiJ 

.~Ie 8 TritOl\ Times October U, 1914 
.I 
, 

MaIco/", .. wh_" m., M~' 
(701261 
R Norm.n • I w.nt to CrHP on your 
vine . • The Poodl. (10/211 
H.nk.r . I w.nn. pull down your 
panke,. . M.d Oroo" .. (10/211 
Bruce In the Blue Bug · How c.n thar. 
be .ny .In In I incere? Where I. good In 
Gra"n? Find It I Mergl. (10/211 
AREOIL: Zow/ •• nd I .,. aw./tIn • .,our 
n.xt contact. T.ke c.,. of .,our 
praciou •• eIf. Jill (70/25] 
DO ALL RUGGERS WEAR CLOGS AND 
TALK WITH A LISP LIKE KEVIN S. 
(10/ 211 

Ground Control to Ziggy . Tell Bowl. I 
lo"e him v.ry much ... h. knowi. I. th .... 
IIf. on M.,.? Twig the Wonder Kid 
(10/ 211 
W.tch thet men · Tonight .t 11:30 on 
ABC. (10/211 
ALL MY FRIENDS: Trtank .,011 fo, tlte 
mon fent..rlc and memorable blrthda., 
I ha"a EVER hed. Lo.,.. GI •• ,... ('012IiJ 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOHNI CC, KC. ES. 
MS. KR. KM. AL. MS, LD. MR. FK. JZ. 
JC. AND MOREl 110/211 

housing 
2 bdrm furnlahecl .pt .t L.J.VII .... 
atartlng Dec 1 thru J.n 3 412..., 
(10/211 

Rmmt W.nted (MI Sol.na INCh •• "0. 
_n room. OCMn vI_. % .cra. _y 
hitch hlk. to UC.O. L ... Mike .,. 
02lIl 124 Vlnd ... V.I .. (10/211 

RENT: 2 Btl"". Apt. patio. kltclten. pool. 
&rt walk fD *4' bw . .. fum. If. 
unfum . .... _ . ('Olllt 

Roomm.ta w.nted to .hara hou.. In 
Clelramont w /2. Own room. 10 min to 
campu • • '" mo. Call 271-1". 110/211 

Room for R.nt • . Oel M.r tII.JI J .drm 
Hou.. % m. from ._h Z m. 
.tudente ,.. .. ...". 110/.1 

'-ala R."",.,. tt-.ded ." ....... ."., 
Oat: 1 La JoIIe WI. ,1I/DI_ Ii food. 1IfII. 
Call Lawe .,.."" 110/aJ 

N.-d Fem ",omm." •• _on •• 
POuibie L.J . Villa •• Ap". 4IS3-5742 

Singi. room ."all.ble Jen • or Dec • 
(.71.211. Live with 4 conganl.1 but 
.tudloua girl. Unlv City 4 ml from 
campu.. bu. av.l .. ble. Pref.r non· 
Imoklng f.m.la. c.1I .venlng.. INv. 
m .... g. 413-.. (10/211 

F-Rmta. for. bdrm. D.M. h .. ; 2 rma. 
Dp.n; till; tID. Gordan; move In now. 
No ... ctlonarl .. 1 C.II ,..1423. (10/211 
"N_" Pleymor·3 BedRoom. 1 % b.th • • 
p.tio. carpet. dr.PM. refrig.r.tor. 412· 
2136 or 413-1100. (10/211 
Larga room .nd Nth In b.chelor L.J . 
home·_klng m.l •• tudent Int ...... ed 
In Athletic., Art •• nd Mua/c. Jim .. 
_9. (10/211 
Hou .. mate wanted to ahor. 3 BdRm 
Condominium W/2 gr.d .tud.nt • . 
CION to campU •. Owr 21. non .. mokar. 
r.nt .101/month. C.II 412·0171 
evenl.,. • . (10/211 
F.mal. grad ltu roommate to .hara 
rented 2 bed 2 Nth .tart Nov. 1. Call 
m-.133 In P. (10/211 
Roomm.te _ntad. own r_m. _n 
beth . • " •• 11 utI. peld. 117M M.ngo. Oel 
M.r. Week.y •• ttar 4:30. 1101211 

2 UCSO Itdta w.nt 2·J bdrm h_ or 
.pt In D.M. or .oIano . .. I mo. _h. 
Nail or R.ndy 412·_ (10/211 

Roomma .... 1 Meded. L.J.VIII. I A ..... 
Fum. tIOImo. for 2. .140/mo. for 1. Pete 
OK. Fem. or Cpl. prat. Lau .... ___ 
(11/11 

services 
TYPINO-·M.rllyn would Nke to type 
your pePer. thHIa. ate. She ... x· 
pertenced on aU tvpea of .,. ....... '-t. 
__ ble.nd .... n I.M ....... call 
her .t""JIIO. Ip1012l1 

IUMMER JOB. 'OR ,. No .apertanoe 
_,.,. App,¥ for Joba ....... nd 
Fad ..... P.rk .. G ..... R.ne .... Tou .... 
raaorta. prtwte aemp. '--"' H_. 
When.net Where to"". R...". _ 
_ Celfornie .. _ and .... 11111. 
..nd G .• to J .O .•. Dept. • " .0 .• oa 
.. Monterey. CA -. 1..,.1211 
Term P ...... I Cenede· ....... ....... 
For ..... oeu. __ G t ...... ... 
.... 17 l"'lna Ava.. No. •• 
Toronto. Ontllrlo. Canoda. INIII 

TYPl8T: n-. "eporte, M .... Letter 
.-feet. 11M OMIt. ,. • centa .... Call 
..... ,..1 ... ,.. 

DATSUN STUDENT DISCOUNTS .11 
mod'" .v.l .. ble call Mr. Fiftey az· 
21. Ip11 / 271 

TYPISTS: IBM· T.rm pap.r. 
I / the ... / dl •• rtatlona/.tc. 
Edltlngl RUSH JOBS/ Xerox. Andl: 210-
I2D7 & ~7141. (P11 /41 
UNPLANNED PREGNANCY? Co~ 
fld.ntl.1 counaellng.· fr.. pregnancy 
t .. u . • bortlon & birth control ... I.t. 
BIRTH CONTROL INSTITUTE 283-131i1 
(10/211 

TENNIS LESSONS: Stell. B •••• tt 
(member USPTAL nlldent r.t ... __ 
3756 (7012IiJ 

Lon.ly? Slngl.7 Comp.tlbl. Du •• 
.".1ItIed by malil Confldentlall Spec .. 1 
Offer for lad .... nd the UCSD Com-
munlty. 24 hou,.. Thrift D.ta N.t'12IO-
1., (10/., 

RUSSIAN TIIANSLA TORS with 
.cletttHlc ".."". Nflllited. AIMI othw 
/a".". ... FteaIMH:e. Sand ,.."". fD 
SCITRAN. 8011 .... Sa",. ..",.,.. 
ClIIIfomIa ".lfO/aJ 

lost & found 
FOUND· lad ... Wrletwatch 10:'11 on 
V.. M.n-. Cau .nd ID ....., 
(101211 

LOST: $Itoulder p_: ",.. "- a 
pIIIr of bhM /eM.. Con,.". reconIItttI 
,.".. fNd Sublatte. MuaIt: Dept. 1101. 

travel 
EUROPE· ISRAEL·AFRICA ItwlHnt 
fllglite .U .-er round CONTACT: 11CA. 
_ UnlwrIIty A .... 11 .. n 0"'0. 
CaNt . .", TEL:f7141 317·"'12111'" 
_1"11271 
,UROPE. I.RAIL • ORIINT. L_ .oot 
atudent "Iglite all VHr round. A.I.I.T. 
,. I. La CIaneee .hId. .... ~ 
_m4l"_or~~ 
1"11271 

SSW T,.". Offtoe • ON CAMPUa • 
IUROPE • NY Che,.,. UC8D Inti 
c.n.r .... 10.l:Il M. W. , ONLY 
1"'1271. 


