
Three Homes Raided~ , 
Ten Students Charged 

by Rich Yep 

UCSD Sponsors Conference 
Today on Controlled Growth 

Within the last teo days, three private homes were raided by North 
Courty sheriffs, resulting in a total of ten UCSD students brought up 
on criminal charges. Two of the homes were located in Del Mar, the 
other in EI Cajon . 

Concerning the Del Mar busts, Student Affairs Legal Counsel 
Raphael Leven speculated, " It's clear to me that an undercover agent 
was operating in both arrests, and that students should simply take 
that into account." 

According to Leven, one student apparently admitted his guilt to 
officers with the assumption that his friends would go free . However, 
both that student and his friends were charged . 

"The best thing to do for busted students is to calmly indicate to 
the authorities that they want no statement made until they ca ll an 
attorney," commented Leven. 

ArrCfignment took place for most of the students on Wednesday. 
Four pleaded not gui lty, one pleaded guilty, and the other four have 
taken the option of the drug diversion program . 

Navy Gives Scripps 5.8 
Acres of Pt. Lorna Land 

by Fr .. nk b FO'le 
The Navy has given Scripps 

Institution of Oceanography title 
to 5.8 acres of Federal land on 
Point Loma. The land was leased 
by the Navy to Scripps by an 
agreement that was set to expire 
In 1989. The Navy then tran-
sferred the land to the Depart-
ment of Health, Education, and 
Welfare, which passed it to 
Scripps. 

Alenaneler Aguss iz, the Alpha 
Helix , the alum inum hulled 
Dolphin, the Ellen B. Scripps, the 
Thomas Washington, the ORB 
(Oceanographic research buy) 
and the 355 foot Flip. The Flip is a 
unique vessel that can convert 
from a horizontal position to a 
vertical position . 

'$2.80 Per Day ' 

A three-day conference on the 
socia l, political and economic 
consequences of con troll ed 
growth began yesterday and will 
continue through tomorrow . 

Some 30 social scientists and 
scientists from universities and 
research inst itutions throughout 
the nation are participating in the 
meting, which is sponsored by 
UCSD's Science, Technology and 
Publ ic Affairs program. 

The conference sch dule 
Includes g neral sessions for 
delegates, an open symposium 
for the pub lic and a co lloqUium 
for stud nts In UCSD's Fourth 
Coli ge. 

All discussions during the 
meeting wi ll focus on how much 
growth can be limited In the 
future and economic policies 
which shou ld be followed to 
control growth, according to Dr. 
o nn is C Pirages, coordinator of 
the conference. 

General meetings will be held 
in the Informal Lounge of the 
Revelle College Commons from 9 
a.m . to 5 p.m. today, October 11 
and 8:30 to 11 a.m. tomorrow, 
October 12. 

The free public symposium on 
" Energy, Resources and the 
Steady-State" was held yesterday 
at 7:30 p.m. 

Speakers will include John 
Holdren, of the Energy Project at 
UC Berkely; Earl Cook, dean of 

Dennis Pirages 
th College of Ceo ciences at 
Texas A&M University, and John 
Platt, of the Mental Health 
Research I nstitute at the 
University of Michigan . 

Moderator will be Dr Herbert 
York, director of the Science, 
Technology and PubliC Affairs 
program and UCSD professor of 
phYSICS. 

" World-wide Inflation and 
The land, located at the end of 

Rosecrans Street, site of the 
imi tz Marine facility, includes a 

new pier and marginal wharf 
exte ntion and supporting 
faci lities. 

Barrett Discusses Food Services 

The new pier, completed last 
March, is one of only two in San 
Diego that have complete sewer 
connections. The other is located 
at Point Loma at the Submarine 
Support Facility. 

Described as one of the world's 
finest shore bases for supporting 
oceanographic research, Scripps' 
$2 million marine facility can 
now accommodate its fleet of 
eight research ships. 

Scripps' research vessels that 
will birth at the new dock are the 
1900 ton Melville. which has a 
range of nearly 10,000 miles and 
can stay at sea for six weeks, the 

by Hannah Cohen 

The cafeteria spends $2 .80 per day per student, 
says Larry Barrett, Director ot' Housing and Food 
Services at UCSD. This means that a student pays 
approximately $19 .60 per week for board. 

The above prices include a 1590 average miss 
meal factor which keeps food cost to students 
significantly lower. Another factor included is the 
loss due to silverware, china and food thefts by 
students. The cost of replacing silverware alone was 
$4,000 last year. If thefts were reduced, the rates 
would be S15-S20 ' less per !>tudent per year. 

Barrett feels that the dorm rates were probably 
not raised enough to comp~nsate for the inflation 
of food prices but he considers the raising of dorm 
rates a " last resort" to coping with infla ion . He 
does consider it a possibility that the rates at the 
snack bars might have to be raised in the future. 

Barrett feels that most of the complai nts about 

food quality result from the " monotony" of eating 
in the same place day after day, not from what is 
being served. He admits that, like anywhere else, 
the afeterias do have better and worse days. 

The bids will begin to come in for construction 
contracts for the Third College dorms in about a 
week . Barrett is hopeful that If construction begins 
by December that they will be completed for Fall 
75. 

At this time, administrators have approached the 
Reg~nts with a plan to build a 200 apartment 
complex which would hold four people per 
apartment. It would be similar to and constructed 
near the Mesa apartments. One hundred · fifty 
apartments would be designated for un-
dergraduates and fifty for graduate students. 

According to Barrett, there is a definite trend 
towards building more apartment complexes on 

Continued on Page 3 
r----------------------------The CQndidQtes--~------------------------. 

Flournoy, Fong Speak in San Diego Area 
Flournoy: 1nvestigate Budget Proposals' Fong: 'Continue Brown's Tradition' 

by James G, Soto Harvard to be a comparable 
Houston Flournoy said institution," referring to Harvard's 

yesterday that budget increases exalted tradition. 
proposed by the University of 
California Regents must be in-
vestigated more closely before he 
would be willing to accept them. 

Flournoy, the Republican 
candidate for governor, was in 
an Diego Thursday for a series of 
peaking engagements. Though 

popular as State Contro ller, 
rlournoy has been fighting an 
uphill battle against Democratic 
Secretary of State Edmund C. 
Brown, Jr. to win the November 
election. He spoke yesterday at a 
breakfast for student and 
minority community leaders" 
when he made his remarks on the 
University of California. 

rlournoy believes in improving 
facull), salaries although he 
~mphasized they should be 
Improved to keep pace with 
comparable institutions. Flournoy 
ommented, "I don't consider 

Supporting the concept of 
education put forward by the 
Master Plan for Higher Education, 
Flourney believes there is a need 
to open uP. the educational 

Continued on PIP Z 

March Fong said that she 
would continue the work and the 
tradition that Edmund C. Brown 
Jr. brought to the office of 
Secretary of State if she were 
elected to that post. 

Fong, the Democrati c can-
didate for the Secretary of State, 
was in San Diego Wednesday at a 
fundraising reception where she 
spok to campaign workers and 
supporters br ief ly about the 
progress of h r campaign. 

Fong, the Assemblywoman 
from the 15th district in Oakland, 
is probably best known 
throughout the state for her five 

would enforce the changes 
brought by the proposition in the 
same energetic way with which 

year cru ade against pay toilets. .,'. 
Fong's bill to eliminate pay toilets ~ 
from public restrooms was signed March Fo"g 
recently by the Governor. ~ . 

In an interview before her she. has .conducted "erself In the 
speech, Fong outlined her California ~ssembly . . 
possible role of enforcing the Fong said she t>t:"eved that 
election laws in Cahforrlia. An there sho~ld be public finanCing 
avid supporter of Proposition 9 in of campaigns but that candidates 
the June primary, Fong said he Continued on '''ae 1 

scarcities of food, fuel and 
mineral ores make the need for 
some type of limited economIC 
growth increasingly significant," 
said Pi rages, associate director of 
the Science, Technology and 
Publ ic Affairs program and ah 
assistant professor of political 
science at UCSD. 

Five general sessions will cover 
" PhYSical Factors Limiting 
Growth," " Approaching a Steady 
State," " InternatIOnal Per-
spectives on limited Growth," 
"SOCial and Political Problems of 
limited Growth" and " Social and 
Philosophical Implications of 
Slowed Economic Growth" 

DUring the sessions, indiVidual 
speakers will diSCUSS the 
economics of getting more fossd 
fuels and uSing new energy 
technologies, possible resources 
from the sea, limited growth and 
property rights and the bUSiness 
response to environmental 
concerns. 

Participants In the three-day 
conference are also conducting a 
special colloquium for Fourth 
College students today at 11 a.m. 
on the south lawn of the 
Humanities-Library Budding. The 
program will cover " Political and 
Economical Problems of an 
Ample Society " 

The conference IS the first 
activity of the Scien ce, 
Technology and PubliC Affairs 
program which was established 
recently to study social, p:!i tlcal 
and economic implications of 
developments In science and 
technology 

According to Pirages, problems 
to be con idered w ill include the 

nergy supply, feeding the 
world's population and arms 
control. 

3rd College 
Foci I ita,tors: 
'Resources' 

by P .. ulette Fr .. ncis 
Until last year, commuting 

students found it difficult to keep 
informed of various on-campus 
happenings. Consequently, off-
campus students felt some 
alienation from the chool. 

The Third College facilitators 
were created to provide off-
campus students with general 
i nform ation of available 
univer ity re ources They erve 
a peer counselor to off-campus 
tudents under the auspices of 

Philip Raphael , Third College 
oun eling psychologiSt. 
La t year, the Third College 

facilirator implemented Planned 
Paren hood, study kills, and a 
work ~ hop dealing With th 
asp cts of filling out finanCial aid 
appll .Itlon B Ide continuing 
With the ame woFkshop thl 

~;.r f' ''''' ,..1 t~ n _ .... . r. "-:::r: :=·n 
for the facilitators is to ontmue 
th Third College tradition of a 
more personal environm nc 

Tentatively, the Third Colle"e 
facilitators' offl ' e will i>e ope; 
Monday through Friday 9 a m ~ t 
p .m . The office will be staffed bf 
Cheryl Martin, Jame E. Johnson 
Ros Rutkow kl and Erma Muno,. 
and IS located on Matthew 
campus, Bldg 701 . 



by Edward Simons 

Wann, Family Drama 

(This is the story of a family . A family has as many stories as can b~ 
stomached. This is one story of one family, the Pear-Waltons. Papa 
Pear-Walton had three children by a previous marriage. They were 
Peter Pear-Walton, Pablo Pear-Walton, and David Cassidy. Papa's 
first in murder and scandal. Mama was spared the trauma of a 
previous marriage though not the kids . Her three contributions were 
Julie Ann Morrow, Texas Guinan, and Rhode Island Rhoda. 

The Pear-Waltons lived on the top of an old Indian burial ground in 
Central Iowa. Papa had gotten the land from his pa who said it was an 
old Viking Land Grant he bought dirt cheap, along with several 
bottles of snake oil . They were lucky to have the land paid for as they 
lived there during the Great Depression of the '30's ... ) 

The Pear-Walton family was seated around their big oak table, a 
Thanksgiving meal spread before them. After what seemed like eons, 
Papa Pear-Walton finished praying. 

"Papa," Peter spoke, "why can't we have turkey like everybody 
else?" 

Papa_eyed Peter coldly. " Because we' re miserably poor." 
Peter sighed deeply. "Yeah , but did you have to kill Spot?" 
"Oh, second-guessing me, et, Peter?" Papa said caustically . He rose 

from his chair and grabbed Peter by the throat . 
"I'll learn you some manners," he chuckled, slamming Peter 

against the wall. As Peter lay there in a pool of surprise, Papa sat 
down with all eyes upon him. 

"Save a paw for Peter when he wakes up," Papa said. "Spot 
~ould've wanted it that way." 

The children were arranged around the room practicing being 
humble and reasonable when a knock came on the door. 

"Daddy, it's the City Council ," David said from the door. 
Papa Pear-Walton went to the door. He came up to Mama POW a 

few moments later to tell her he'd be gone awhile " to talk." 
As soon as he'd gone, the kids pulled out Papa's Sears catalog and 

drooled at all the fine products therein . Papa didn't allow them to do 
it when he was there because he said the wet pages were dangerous 
to use because they fell apart in your hands. 

The kids spent a couple of hours poring over the document, each 
thinking of how surprised Papa was going to be the next time ... • 

Then Papa came back. He walked into the living room and pulled 
Julie to him. 

"Where's Mama?" he whispered. 
" Upstairs, sewing," Julie Ann replied . " Why?" 
"Get the kids together quietly and I' ll tell you all outside." 
The long shadows of the live oak tree stumps merged with the 

darkness so well it was impossible to see the shadows at all. In fact, 
there were no shadows. It was pitch dark . 

Papa Pear followed a shadow to a stump which he sat upon. He 
drew a sweaty hand across the lower part of his face, sighing. 

"You know," he began, " we've never had a lot of money. 
Sometimes we've even gone without food ." He paused. " I don't like 
th ings this way, I never have. I'd like you to have the things you 
want.. .well, the reason I've a~'<ed you out here is to help me decide 
on something. Kids, I've been offered a real good deal and would'V\:! 
accepted it - if it hadn't been for you . It wouldn't be fair not to ask ' 
you what you think of it." 

"Kids, I got a great offer on your mother. Now wait! " Pfl:-W spoke; 
raising his hands and stopping th., children's chatter. " Before you say 
yes, think about it. Who' ll COOK your meals, clean your c lothe~ , and 
send for the catalogs? I want you to think it over out here and when 
you've made your decision, come inside and tell me." Papa Pear-
Walton rose and walked to the house, hands in h is pockets. 

About half an hour later, the kids came in. Pablo spoke for them. 
"Papa, we want to see the catalog." 

Though puzzled, Papa gave him the book. "What are you 
looking for?" 

Pablo grinned. "The order blank." 

-..-..-. Everything New in 
Skis aAd Clothing 

FREDERICK'S SKI & HIKE 
Outfitters 

7722 Fay Avenue 
La Jolla 454.1410 

Coming October 12th and 13th: Annual Parking Lot Ski 
Swap! 10:00 · (;:00. Snow reports 454-2351 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
PLUMIINC CONTAACTOlI.S 

Leaverton - San Inc. 

REMODEL - NEW INSTALLATIONS - REPAIRS 
STATE LICENSE NO , 272-6 77 

566·4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San Diego, Ca. 92121 

' .. e 2 Triton TilMl October 11, 1'74 

Fourth College students should pay special at-
tention to the article in this issue on the upcoming 
Colloquium held yesterday and today It is the first 
of its kind and will need the support of as many 
students as possible to hf' a success. 

some of the required courses. Any questions 
concerning your academic schedule should bE' 
directed towards Kathy Walse, Fourth's Academic 
Counsellor. 

Mentor groups are something new to UCSD. A 
member of the faculty, an upper c1assman and a Chancellor William D. McElroy will be in thf 

The Fourth Reporter A feature devoted eulutively to announcements and events conceminl Fourth Colleae. 
Revelle Informal Lounlle on next Monday from 
12:30 until 2:00 to talk with Fourth College students 
about anything they would like to discuss. Now is 
the time to bring up any questions or concerns that 
you might have. 

few of the freshmen will be dOing things together 
outside the classroom to get better acquainted . It is 
an effort to bring students and faculty closer 
together . 

There is a survey being taken currently on how 
your Sf> activity fee should be spent. If you have not 
been contacted and wish to express yourself , 
contact a Provost office. 

There is now a list available in the Fourth 
Provost's office that lists approved minors and 

,..------The Condidotes I Flournoy Discusses UC Budgeting I 
Continued from Pale 1 

system to more people and to 
make the system more flexible . 
The University of California, 
according to Flournoy, will 
maintain that premier po~ition in 
higher education with the top 
12'1i % of California students. 

On other issues, Flournoy said 
that if elected he would have a 
broad based administration 
encouraging more minority 
groups and women to participate. 
Flournoy stated that although 
people have wtisized the Reagan 
administration for its lack of 
m inority participation , the 
Reagan years doubled the 
number of minority appointees 
over any other previous ad-
ministrtation. Flournoy went on 
to say his Controller's office had 
instituted a major affirmative 
action program and, as Governor, 

Fong 
Continued from Pale 1 

should not be paid out of general 
revenues to conduct large meuia 
campaigns. "Govern~nt should 
try to cut the cost of cal'1paigns 
and make it easier for people to 
run," according to Fang. She said 
she presently has a bill before the 
assembly which would provide 
for a statewide voter handbook 
in which canuidates could put a 
statement of their qualifications 
and programs before the elec-
torate. 

Fong said the handbook would 
be similar to those put out by 
local governments for school 
board candidates and other non-
partisan races. 

When asked whether she favors 
a September primary over the 
present June primary, Fong said , 
" I only oppose the September 
primary because It would 
discriminate against students who 
haven't gone back to school yet." 

Continued on Page 3 

the people of California can 
expect something similar 
Flournoy also supports the 
establishment of a minority small 
business administration' which 
would . assist minority 
businessmen and increase em-
ployment opportunities for the 
minority community. 

Flournoy's priorities also in-
clude a program of supporting 
housing for the low and middle 
income family by lowering in-
terest rates . Flournoy believes 
that much of the incentive 
necessary to solve the housing 
problems must come from the 
local level rather than the federal 
government . He cited a plan in 
Pa lo Alto In which new 
dev :! lopments were encouraged 
for low income families. Flournoy 
believes that the problem of tight 
money for construction of low 
cost hOUSing is a direct result of 
property taxes supporting school 
systems . He said this adds to the 
cost of housing which primarily 
hurts the low income people. 

Continued on Pale 3 

"* clothing ... 

SALE! 
PANTS 

& 
Blouses 

ss.oo ~ Up 
7486 Lo Jolla Blvd. 
Lo )0110 454-4521 

1222 Prospect Street 

454-8806 

Our DEli WITH IEWISH SOUL has a 13 
menu - great to pract,ce speed readln/( 

The SandWIches you won't forget-- even ,f 
want to Ignore the pre\X"it,on endIng, but 
won't be able to IgnOfe THE MAVIN'S 
restaurant WIth a whole new experIence In f!ating l I pleasures . 

We tumult from 6 In the morn until 10 at nite 
(F,i. & Sat. n'til 12 or so.) 

Fine Canedlan Leather, 
The soft skins are naturaUy 
finished . not "corrected" 

Anatomy of a Root 
by chemical additives. Inside. 
Roots are lined with even 
soher leather lor even 
greater comfort. All Roots are 
crafted by Canadian Cobblers 
who feel that a product made 
mosdy by hand wiD sUO do 
the most for your fHt. 

RocbrSole 
In a Nltural,trIde, \WIght 
mows from the hHI along 
the outer side of the loot 
then diagonally Kroll to the 
big toe, which Ipringl you oft 
on your Mill IMp. RooG 
rocker IOIe heIpI thilihift in 
weI!jlt, maldng every foot· 
step jUlia little Iat tiring 

Support_ Arch 
The city sidewalk can be a 
raI arch.-my. And .... n 
an:,," hurt. RooII.,. «11\-
IOurecIlo IUpport the an:h 
and the smaII_ betwnn 
the ball of your tnt 

• Z1l ......... 
... ..--,e,.,. 

17 •• ' ..... 1 
........... 4.,.. 
WuII .... ~ (z.".,... .. f 

R ............ 
Walk on sand and your Mel 
wllle_ the dftpnI pert of 
your footprint. In Nlturai 
walking. most of your ~I 
lands on your hnI. conwn' 
tionaI thoes-.wn low· 
heeled shoes-lilt you forword 
and change your bIIIc POS-
tu,. In Roocs. your Mel sinks 
into a comfortable ret ... · 
~ng you a natural walk on 
any kind of surface 

Barrett Discusses Food Services 
Continued from Pale 1 

campus, rather than dorm and cafeteria facilities. 
The expense of building and equipping cafeterias 
and dorms is much higher these days. All the 
facilities built so far are on 40 year mortgages 
which make up approximately S400 of the yearlv 
dorm payments . 

By December, decisions will be made on how 
dor.m spaces will be allotted for nellt year. Barrett · 
believes that last year's lottery system will be 

At this time, there are some female openings in 
the dorms but no {nale openings. Some female 
rooms have been converted to male ac-
commodations. Barrett says there is a larger 
demand by male students for on-campus housing. 

There are not as many problems with students 
from other colleges living on Third this year as last, 
says Barrett. He attributes this to the fact that 
students have a choice whether or not to live there. 
Forty Revelle students who lived on Fourth last year 
requested to live there again . maintain d. HE> hor!'s a 40') .. to bO'! .. returning freshmen ratio will be' maintained. 

Flag/Grape 
Continued from Pale 6 

whole time. It's the sound that is 
the basis for most of the good 
music that comes out of the 
wasteland of American pop . 
Moby Grape was second-bi lied 
demonstrating most of th~ 
contradictions that have made 
high-speed San Francisco funk so 
exciting and exasperating in the 
past. Moby Grape was one of the 
fi rst good bands out of the Haight 
and, despite more than one 
band's share of t"lassles, has 
managed to keep on truckin . 

Sunday's show was staged by 
California Concerts. Great job on 
the sound eqUipment, con-
sidering the acoustical "flaws" in 
the UCSD gym. 

Fong 
Continued from Page 2 

r ong said 
that one of her priorities would be 
to increase voter partlClration. 
The way to improve turnout 
according to Assemblywoma~ 
r ong, is to improve methods of 
registration. She would set Lip 
means of registering to vote by 
post card and would !' tablish a 
state-wide (omputer system to 
handle the millions of Californ,a 
voters. 

Fong, if elected Secretary of 
State, will be the highest femal(' 
constitutional officer in 
California 's history. Presently, the 

'only woman in a statewide office 
is Treasurer Ivy Baker Pr iest. 

Fong's appearance In San 
Diego is probably the last one she 
will make before the election . 

Fong declined to make any 
comment on h r ( Iosest op-
ponent, Republican Hnan Van 
Camp. 

Flournoy 
Continued from Page 2 

. "California has a responsibility 
In the food production in our 
country," Flournoy said . " There is 
a need to institute a rair Farm 
Labor Bill which will give form-
workers a free choice of how they 
should organize them se lv es ." 
This, according to Flournoy, will 
Insur(' tabil lty on farms at 
harvest times. 

Catering 
Former asst. chef of La Petite 
Ferme of New York Ci ty. 
Present grad . student S.D 
area , seeks jobs catering 
di nn ers, lun ches , cocktail 
part It'S lamps Taylor - 260-
5218. Loca l references La 
Jo lla, Del Mar, Rancho Santa 
I e 

NORMl Raps Senate 
Dope Report 

The National OrganllatlOn for 
the R form of Marijuana Laws 
(NORML) has challenged the 
recently released RE'port of the 
Senate Subcommittee on Internal 
Security . In the Report's In-
trodu ctory remarks, th Sub-
committee's Cha irman, James 0 
Eastland, claimed the use of 
marijuana represents "a trend 
towards national disaster ". 

Semi-Zombies 
The MiSSissippi Democrat said 

if the current rate o f manjuana 
use continued, Americans might 
find themselves "saddled with a 
large ropulatlon of seml -
lombies." 

NORML Director Kpi th Stroup 
ca lled the Eastland Report " the 
most amazing piece of self-
serving fiction and distortions to 
come out of the Congress since 
the M cCarthy hearings in the 
early 1950's. The Subcommittee 
Report In no way represents a 
consensus of scientific opinion 
ei ther government or private Th~ 
Report is an embarrassment to 
those seriously interested In the 
problems of drug use and abuse 

The Jewish Community 
of La Jolla 

Children's School meets 
Sundays at 
Humanities library. 
Call Jenn ifer Kunltz 481-9649 

In our soc lNy, and a (li~sprvl(t' to 
those who arl' ob)l'( tlwly .It 
t('mptln ~ to dptermlne tht' 
possible . harmful ('ffects of 
marIJuana" 

WORLD 
CAMPUS 
AFLOAT 

You'll sail in February 
with the ship your class: 
room and the world your 
campus ... combining ac. 
credited studies with fasci. 
nating visits to the fab led ' 
ports of the Orient, Africa, 
and the Americas. Over 
10,000 students from 450 
colleges have already sailed 
with WCA - join them! Fi· 
nancial aid ava ilable. Write 
today for free catalog. 

WeA, Chapman College 
Box F, Orange, CA 92666 

Two New Books 
Devastating in their impact on the Real Estate Industry 
and the Stock Market 

Now 
available at 
the University 
Bookstore 

Mortgage On America 
by Leonard Downie, Jr. 
Who really profits from land 
salell and development in the 
U.S. today? This book providell 
the answer in a long overdue, 
no-holds barred examination of 
the way the real estate indulltry works. 

• 

The Wall Street Gang 
by Richard Ney 
Author of "The Wall Street Jungle." 
The Wall Street Gang reads like a suspense 
story as the author shows how the great wealth 
and power of the New York Stock Exch.,,!(e 
depends on the .ignorance and confusion of 
the investing public . 

P.ge 3 Triton Tim~ October 11, 1974 



Fin~sh Fourth (Last) 1M BS 
Tritons Impress in Tourney ,:IM Sports Begin; Ratings 

by Tom Wright runs, jumps, kicks and contorts himself well on and 
off the fie ld (and you thought TinY Tears couldn't 
be outdone), observe thiS at-one·tlme Lynn Swann's 
teammate on [at-at·the-Y qUite a mouthful wasn't 
It1 

by DIVe Eisen 

Despite an improving defense 
and the outstanding play of AII -
Tournament goalie John Prim, 
UCSD's soccer team was dropped 
three times last weekend in the 
Second San Diego State In-
vitational Tournament. 

Tritons' record was lowered 
to 1-3 with the trio of shutout 
losses, 3'{) to Westmont Ccllege, 

2~ to San Diego State, and 1~ to 
UC Berkely. 

'With the exception of Cal 
State fullerton (which will be 
hosted by UCSD November 9), 
Westmont and SDSU were 
probably tougher than anyone 

we'll be playing all year," said 
Coach Stewart Hayes, "I felt that 
this tourney would give us a good 
chance to get in shape. It did help 
to solidify the squad and I think it 
helped us prepare for the AII-Cal 
Tournament (scheduled for 
October 25 and 26)", Hayes 
continued. 

Westmont's Warriors took 
advantage of three early goals, 
then held on for a well-played 
shutout win in the game played 
Friday morning. 

Coming back to play Friday 
night, the Tritons came very close 
to victory against the eventual 
tourney winner, San Diego State. 
The battle was scoreless for the 

Spik~rs Drop Opener 
by Dilve Eisen 

In the first g<lme of the 1974 season, the Triton women's volleyball 
team was defeated 2-1 by Palomar Tuesday afternoon at UCSD. 

The Triton women showed two opposite sides to their play in the 
three game match, losing 15-13 and 15-9 in the first and third games, 
but winning decisively, 15-4, in the middle game. 

"There was no doubt In my mind that we were the best team on the 
floor," said Coach Chuck Millenbah, "but when you make that many 
mistakes, there's no way you can win ." 

Millenbah referred to the turning point in the match as the seven 
throw, or illegal hit calls made by the referee on UCSD in the final 
game. 

In a very close opening game, the score was tied five times, as late 
as 11-11 , and neither team had a lead of more than three points at any 
time. At one point UCSD leaa 11-8, but then gave up six straight 
points before losing. 

Spikes by Margl Schwartz and Eva Ljungwe sparked an easy second 
game win . In that rout, the Tritons scored the first seven and last six 
points in coasting to the 15-4 victory. 

In the finale, Palomar won another close game that was tied as late 
as 8-8 . Millenbah cited the olay of Andrea Beylp.n, .Sue Papanek, and 
Ellen O'Rorke as "Ql ltstanding." 

The Triton women will get another chance to do a lot of things well 
as they perform in the tough AII-Cal Tournament this weekend at 
UCLA. 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

~ OFFERING 
~£~ NIkON ~SlS S~Sr~ ~O :.ttS 

COWR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 
PENTAX, OLYMPUS," J(ONICA CAMERAS & LENSES 

LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 
INCLUDING 

KODAK AND AGF A PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES' SERVICE 'TRADES' REP AIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

459-7355 

EVER GET CAUGHT 
SBORTON 

CASSETTE TAPE? 
~ONY OFFERS 
'C-4S 
C-60 
d-90 
C-120 

PLUS 2 

NOW ON SAlE 
LA JOLLA MUSIC 

1128 WALL 
459-3375 (IICH) 

BROUGHT TO 
YOU BY 

SUPERSCOPE 
GET TWO EXTRA MIN. 

OF HIFI RECORDING TIME 

DISCOUNTS TO 
STUDENTS 
& FACULn 

'ap 4 Triton TiIMl October 11, 1974 

first 50 minutes of a 60 minute 
contest, with UCSD missing some 
good oportunities to score. 

" Because of the high quality of 
SDSU's personnel, we had to play 
a defensive game and rely mainly 
on counter attacks for our of-
fense," said Hayes. Two late 
Aztec goals ruined the strategy 
and gave them a close win. 

Photos: T.d Sperry 

Tritons Rally; 'nk UCR, 4-3 UC Berkely scored a winning bUal in the final five minutes of 
Saturday'S finale to take the most 
frustrating of the three Triton by Bert Lee 
games . Playing much better Wishing to "get as close to the action" as possible like all good sports Tritons would not panic, however; and showing tremendous team poise, 
offenSively, UCSD came up with should, Yours Truly decided to place himself in a poolside seat during VVf"On • .- a double teaming defense to gain the upper hand. Harry scored from close 
continuous near misses and shots water polo action . The result was a thorough drenching of my ent i to knot the score at 2-2. Then Alan (the Magician) O'hern gave UCSD the 
off the goal posts . Nevertheless the shower was well worth the trouble, because the UCSD I again at 3-2. On the score, O'hern came in under heavy pressure, and when 

rallied in th~ waning moments of the game to eke out a 4-3 victory over goalie came out to challenge him, he switched the ball from his right hand to 
Th k d' h · hi · ht e Riverside. left and shot the goal. 

I e ~ee en s If hlg ca;; The game started out slowly, with both sides exhibiting deliberate. attack! nted, UCR scored only 10 seconds later to tie the game again at 3-all. The rer d w hen a ~o~e 0 t e coac t~S stingy defenses. Neither side was able to mount a conSistent attack .wl th the '_,n'rYllnI' action became fast and furious (if I may use a cliche) , until with only 35 
oun t ree rttons among e being a 0{) deadlock at the end of the first quarter. Despite the lack of remaining in the contest, the Magician scored again on a mid-air ~-Tou~namen\ Ter-m t~ · Tphose there was no lack of good, aggressive tea~ playas both .squads tried their II shot aided by a beautiful pass from Dave Dupuy The game ended on 

nore were goa Ie 0 n rtm, Finally, the Tritons broke out of the SCOrtng drought mld.way through and melodramatic note which helped to raise my "damp ned" spirits 
forward Alfonso fonzalez, ~nd quarter when crisp passing resulted in a goal from close range by David 
defenseman Fre Ve,rnacc ~a , half ended with UCSD holding a 1~ advantage. Gary Becker noted that the team made too many mistakes, but he was 
who IS also the squad s captain . UCR came out on the offensive in the second half and quickly scored a remely pleased with the squad's second half comeback and battling attitude. 

knot the score at 1-1. The remainder of the pertod displayed a defensive Win raised the Triton's record to four wins and one loss. 
Of Prim, Hayes said, "John However, 10 seconds before the end of the quarter, UCR tallied again to ,u~"-."' ier to the week, the Triton's won two out of three matches plus conso lation 

did a fine job throughout the at the Chapman Invitational in Whittier . In the first contest of the tour-
tournament. He was very con- the Triton 's played S.F. State and lost a heartbreaker by a score of 5-4. The 
sistent, and he had to stop more s making a comeback from a 5-2 deficit and possibly could have pulled ou t 
shots than any of the other but the clock ran out. This setback gave UCSD Its first (and only) set-
goa lies." of e young season . 

The UCSD soccer squad will be 
on the road for games against 
Biola today and Tijuana Tech 
Saturday, and then we'll open at 
hom e against L .A . Baptist 
Wednesday, October 16 at 3:30. 

the second game, the Tritons defeated Pomona-Pitzer &-5 10 a hard-fought 
(Earlier, UCSD had beaten Pomona by a 6-4 margin In our homp pool) 

(EI Chunko) Hull scored four goals, but It took a scor by Dav Harry to win 
contest in overtime. 
the consolation match-up, the Tritons totally wip d out the Unlv rSlty of 

by an 11-4 margin. The trio of O'hern (four goals), Hull (three goa ls). and 
o nlges (three goals) led the rout . 
in all , Coach Becker was elated with the play (1f the team both offensively 

defenSively and with the results of the tournament 
action for the Tritons will be thiS Saturday at the Loyola Invitational. Next 

game will be on October 18th against Whltti r. 

Artstophanes once stated that there IS no source 
more profitable than holding contests In music and 
athletICS. Taking the latter portion of thiS 
philosophy to h art , the 1M 0 partment has 
developed, and is promoting, a co llection of 
athletic events challenging enough to capture the 
attention of any ex-jo k, yet enjoyable enough to 
be profitable to athletes of any sex and level. 

With so few teams thi s year, wh ICh the good 
Revelle tells me will Improve the quality (re quali ' y 
not quantity, commandment 4a) picking a top ten 
would be like belting to show In a three horse race. 
MEN'S - TOP 5 COED - TOP 5 

If you have been delinquent and haven't signed 1. SCRIPPS SEMEN 1 CONTACT 
up for an 1M sport at aU, you stili have plenty of 2. EAT AT THE Y 2. KAMANAWANALAYA 
opportunities to participate. Football is Tuesday 3 PUNKS 3 PUNKS 

t~rough Sunday, Volleyball Monday and Thursday 4: NADS 4 : WONDER WARTHOGS 
nights, 3 on 3 Basketball Tuesday nights, Tennis,S. ELECTRIC CO. 5. BABOONS 
Tuesday and Thursday nights and European hand-
ball is on Wednesday nights . Many teams still need BOTTOM 5 
play rs, so come on around and get involved. 1: OUTHOUSE 

BOTTOM 5 

Another deluge of body-ortented events will be 2. CRU ISING 
available Winter Quarter, including Men ' s BRUISERS 

1. WHAT AN ICE CHESE 
2. BOX LUNCHES 

Basketball , Pee-Wee (5'10" and under) and Coed 3. SCHNOZZOLOS 
Basketball , l -p ltch Softball , Men's and Coed 4. FUKT UP 
Soccer. If this isn't enough to keep you active,S. BIG NURSE 

3. GOOD KARMA 
TOKERS UNION 

4. IRVING L SCHWARTZ 
5. BABOONS 

throughout the year, various one-day events will be 
held These Include a free-throw shooting contest, a ------------------
croquet tournament, a home-run derby and a one 
on one basketball tournament. 

Flag football starts another predictable season .. Soaring Sans Plane 
that is, it wi ll end. It has been the sou l du~of the ------------------
1M Department to forecast the winners (oh, and 
what winners play flag football) , the losers and the 
superstars . Other gu sses mav cost someone to lose 
their Itfe to that 5'10" 120 Ib defensive back . who 
just happened to be a third d gree blilck belt. .. for 
Interfering his ineptn ess. 

First the superstars (note : some of the following 
personages may not be immortal). Barry Rothstein, 
alias Irving L. Schwartz, IS a displaced member (or 
was that a dismembered place?) of stardom from 
Beverly Hills. Barry eats, drinks, and sleeps (try it, 
you n ver know) football, In fact his very stnklng 
looks resemble a football! 

Dick Duncan i an el ctrifying persona lity and 
may walk on water some day. His ingenuity has 
lead to several rul changes in coed football to limit 
thl' male's ability to show off ... coed football being 
the medium In which all good m n's toils are 
recogni zed. 

Dug Beanan , known to Huggers as rugger Dugger, 
has trem ndous ability ... though at times limited to 
drinking a gallon and a half, of pi ss-poor-beer .. he 

How would you like to fly through the air at over 
180 mph without the aid of an airplane-and yet 
mainta in better maveuverability than a plane? And 
then meet up with possibly a half dozen other 
people doing the same thing two mtles above the 
ground? How about landing on a 10 cm . target from 
2500 feet, or cru ising 10 miles cross-country 
suspended from a few square yards of nylon? 

These are l ust a few of the poSSibilities available 
to only someone cra zy enough to leave a perfectly 
airborne airplane with a parachute on his back. And 
now you have a chance to prove your fearlessness 
(at 20 percent discount) by lointng the UCSD 
Skydiving Club . 

This vi rtuall y unknown club IS now two years old 
and looking for interested people to learn and enjoy 
th is rapidly growing and £"xciti ng sport . Hopefully In 
t he n ar future, there will be enou~h participation 
to buy club equipment and to enter Intercollegiate 
competit ion . If you are Interested In Skydlvtng, 
contact Paul Spiro at 466-6303, or leave a note In 
the Rec Gym SkydiVing mailbox. 

Open Season 0 rdies 
by Dirk Siaker 

At first it seemed like any other assignment. Covering the 
Tiogaspittingfordistance Contest didn't exactly sound too 
exci ting but that' s the way things go when you're an up and 
coming sportswriter. I started out from the office and while 
passing the Gym, I heard a strange racket coming from within . 
Knowing that shirking my duties at Muir would cause trouble, 
I heSitated, but my curiosity drove me on . Upon entering the 
gym my eyes nearly dropped out, for running around the gym 
floor were nearly forty people, half clothed, swinging 
furiously at several small white birds, flying about frantically 
in hopes of escape. They were a sadistic lot. If ever one of the 
poor creatures dropped from exhaustion, it was immediately 
picked up and batted around some more. 

sets . Each set consists of three 
wins the set. In mens' play, games 
In womens' play, games are eleven 

palll. rl><ltng aspect of the competition was that 
The points are ca lled by the players 
thems l~I\'!I.eed there were a few players who ap-

rn_ .. ~rPPn with an opponent. 

Students Needed to Serve 
on State-wide COlllittees 

Realizing that if I was spotted, there would probably be a 
fate worse awaiting me, I immediately headed for the door. 
Unfortunately in my path stood a creature resembling a four 
foot Bic Banana. I brushed my hair from my eyes and to my 
surprise, I realized that what had appeared to be a slaughter 
on Audubon Street was in fact the opening competition of the 
UCSD Intercollegiate Badminton Team. 

Unlike most other intercollegiate teams, Badminton in-
volves coed participation, although this trend is rapidly 
changing. The match itself consists of two mens' singles, two 
womens' singles, two mens' doubles, two womens' doubles 

••••••••••••••••••••• 
: hnportant ~otice : 
• • 

..... VEyour 
A-.mES tin 

IIDIISIS 
DlCIIWCIW 211-4'" 

• Concerning Box Office • . _------, 
• • 
: P ollcy for Campus : 

: Program Board Events : 
• To purchase tickets : At time of Event : • 
• ~dvance Sales - 80. Office Movie Tickets at Box Office • 
• Open Noon - 4: 30 Gym Events at Box Office • 
• 

Tuesday through Friday. Revelle Cafeteria Prollrams at • 
Closed Mondays. the door. 

• • 
••••••••••••••••••••• 

Abortion 
Altematives 

SAN DIEGO PRO-LIFE 

Call 
513-5433 

for 24 hr. counseilnl 

free spNkers 
also available 

t_~"It,r h with Southwestern was established 
team, which swept twelve of the 

g the first two games in each set. The 
its first season, which was last year, tied 
r's team only ha.s four returning players ; 
Sweet IS extremely optimistic and if the 

rn is indicative of things to come 
to be. 

of the match all the players exhibited 
power in both individual and combined 
ienced team, there C14Jpeared to be few 

Iy du to the technical knowledge of 
contagious exuberance generated by 

sle, a student from India. These two 
general enthusiasm of all the players, 

future for the team. However, this is 
student support at the matches, so 
some bird-watching. The next two 
10 and 24 at 4 p.m. in the main gym . 

Thousands of Topics ' 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-ta-d.t., 
17S.page, mail order c.tllog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1 .00 to COy" postage 11·2 
days delh,,,y timel. 

519 GLENROCK AVE, 
SULTE 1203 

lOS ANGElES, CA. 90024 
Our met.illt •• told for 
',,""=h IIU~ only 

Please contact Karen Steentofte today at Student Organizations in the Student 

Center (x4450) if you are· interested in 

(1) Intercampus Athletic Advisory Board 
(2) l)niversity-wide Affirmative Action Advisory Committee 
(3) President's Advisory Committee for Instructional Improvement Projects 
(4) Advisory Committee on Learning Resources 
(5) Advisory Committee on Innovative Projects 
(6) Advisory Committee on Inclusion Areas 
(7) Financial Aid Task Force 
(8) Affirmative Action Task Force concerning 
a) admissions 
b) recruitment 
c) financial aids 
d) academic support 
e) non-academic support 

'ap 5 Tritoft T ..... 0d0IMf 11, 1974 



Acummulative Art 
On Display In 

La Jolla 
An exhibitioll by Arman, one of the most 

significent artists working in the medium of 
assemblage, will be showi~g through October 
29 at the La Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art. Arman's work involves the accumulation 
or destruction of numerous types of objects, 
such as a burnt cello embedded in plastic, an 
assemblage of toothbruslles in concrete, and 
the above pictured accumulation of 
typewriters entitled '.Moneys x.iypewritersX. 
Time = Hamlet". Although his approach to art 
is one of selection and therefore, related to 
Duchamp, his works also show an interest in 
the esthetics of composition, color and texture .. 

The exhibition includes approximately 70 
works and was organized by the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art and will be 
circulated to four additional museums. 

CONCERIS Electric Fla8 IMoby Grape 
Around the time that the 

Seatles were putting the finishing 
touches on "Sergeant Pepper's", a 
group of Bay Area musicians were 
recording another landmark 
album. They called themselves 
the Electric Flag: an American 
Music Band; their sound was an 
amalgam of the best in yollng, 
riotous and mostly urban rhythm 
and blues. Among the originai 
members were Michael 
Bloomfield, Buddy Miles, Harvey 

Brooks, Herbie Rich , Nick 
Gravenites, Marcus ~ubleday, 
and · Richie Havens. all 
established names in the 
recording industry. 

Collectively, they represented a 
staggering amount of musical 
experience from a variety of 
locales and formal backgrounds. 
Their roots were in rock, jazz, 
blues and classical. The fusion 
was powerful, visually as well as 
musically. Buddy Miles used to 

Concert Notes 
by Larry Deckel 

Blue Oyster Cult will appear in concert with T. Rex on Sunday 
Oct. 13 at the San Diego Golden Hall at 7:30. Blue Oyster Cult 
(pictured above) is a 5-man Scandinavian group, whose musical 
concepts seem to dwell heavily Into violence and murder . This is 
supposed ly the result of a gig they played at Oaxaca, when two (not 
one, count 'em) eclipses occured within min~tes of each other. The 
connection may seem vague, but none the less Blue Oyster Cu lt is 
now one of the foremost "heavy metal" bands. Electric guitars 
teamed with synthesizers explode in a frenzy of rhythm . 

T. Rex is Mark Bolan and Mi ckey Finn (who joined Marc in '69 
replaCing original partner Steve Peregrine Took) and r)1ore e lectric, 
dynamic, and hard-rock (despite the fact that T. Rex's biggest fame 
comes from hit-si ngle "Bang a Gong") Legend has it that Marc first 
discovered Mickey in a macrobiotic restaurant at the time he was 
looking for the other half of Tyrannosaurus Rex. 

Rumor (as yet unconfirmed) rlas it that joining Cult and Rex on 
the bill will be UFO · 

Tonight, however, if you're looking for some sounds, The Greek 
Bowl at S.D. State is presenting "An Evening of Good 01' Outdoor 
Boogie!" featuring the return to San Diego of The Elvin Bishop 
Band. On the same bill will be the "Texas Cannonball" Freddie King, 
and added attraction Bootleg. More still: since it's the last big 
outdoor concert of the year at the Greek Bowl , they're throwing in a 
spectacular lighting & visuals show to be created by St. Elmo's Fire, 
and to top off the entire "boogie" an explosive Fireworks show will 
be produced by California Fireworks Display. Dynamite! 

A few other dates worth thinking about this week : October 13 
marks birthdays for Marie Osmond and Paul Simon. October 15 sing 
happy birthday In careful harmonies for Richard Carpenter. And put 
out the flag October 17 (Thursday) as it marks A) the Beatles' first 
TV appearance in 1962; B) the arrival of the Rolling Stones in LA for 
their US tour 1969; and C) the anniversary of Chopin's death, 1849. 

Keep rockin'. 

... 

I 
I 
I 
I 
l 
I 
I 
I 
... 

~~.-.- .... .- ............ 
riday Films 

DAY OF THE JACKAL 

7:30 & 10:00 p.m. 

USB 2722 

'.ge 6 Triton Times October 11, 1974 
• 

wear what may have been the 
original American Flag shirt; he 
and Herbie Rich, both Blacks, 
played beside Italians, WASPS, 
and Chicanos. All together with 
horns, keyboards, guitars and 
multiple percussionists, could 
they ever blow. The music was 
political , it was fun, it had soul, it 
had meaning. 

Right: all the heavy cats have 
always been into this . But in 1967, 
Great Britain ruled the world of 
pop (flip through your old 
records .) It's embarrassing. You 
never listen to that stuff anymore; 
on the other hand, most recent 
Stone's mate rial incorporates 
Flag-style arrangements . When 
the Flag unfurled, musicians and 
listeners alike knew that here was 
a distinctly American music we 
cou ld be proud of. 

We're still proud . And the 
Electric Flag still blows like no 
other band around. They proved 
it last Sunday night in concert at 
the UCSD Gym. Most of the 
original mf'mbers are back, and 

the sound is about the same, 
brassy and full. Nick Gravenites, 
who's written so much good 
music, worked with and sheltered 
so many good musicians, is still 
here, rumpled and seedy, 
crooning like a matinee idol , 
Bloomfield scuttles around the 
stage, fitting licks in spaces, 
tenderly, almost reluctant to let 
the notes go. He loves the blues, 
though, and won't stop once he's 
started till he just burns out. 
There's a new baSSist, Roger "Jelly 
Roll" Turner, with a great set of 

. lungs-he'S the perfect vocal 
complement to Buddy Miles, 
squat and shiny, grinning behind 
his cymbals and singing so 
sweetly. There's Barry Goldberg 
on keyboards, inscrutable behind 
his beard, playing ripples and 
razors . They're hot, 

Just like they always were. It's 
not unusual, innovative, music. It 
is gut-real. The Flag's style of 
music has been around a long 
time, will be, because it reflects 
an essential condition . They were 

~-----------------~------, 

1 
I 

Slow Reader? 

H so, plan now to attend the U CSD 
R.E.A.D.s. Speed Reading Program at La Jolla 

Village Inn, starting the week of October 21 st. 
Classes specially for UCSD students - work in 

~ materials - guaranteed - costs only $89. 
To find out more, drop by the University 
Book Store any day next week and meet 

Bob Indseth, R.E.A.D.s. instructor in 
San Diego, or call him at 276-1768 (5-7 pm) 

R.E.A.D.s., 805 Glenway Dr. 
: Inglewood, Ca. 90302 

~------------------------~ 

M. MADAOrE 

good in '67 when they captured 
the attention of the pop world 
and pOpularized a sound . They're 
good now because, despite in-
terruptions, and owing to intense 
involvement and varied ex-
periences during the intervening 
seven years since the Flag last 
recorded together, theV're 
cooking, and honestly wanting to. 
Sure, a lot of things have 
changed: the Electric Flag had its 
coming out at Monterey Pop in 
1967; so did · Janis, and Jimi. 
Gravenites practically dedicated 
the Flag's recorded version of 
"Wine" to Janis when he called 
during the refrain, "You kno~ 
Janis Joplin? You know Janis 
Joplin . She' ll tell you all about 
that wine." But that mention 
wasn't there, Sunday night . 

What was there was rock solid 
rhythm and blues, the kind that 
keeps the audience on its feet the 

Continued on Paae 3 

au. =ttr.m. 
""'15' '" a .. BLESS THE BEASTS 
AND THE CHILDREN .. 

ACADEMY 3m Unlv .... lty Av .. 
--,., 

'GROOVE TUBE' [R 

WI .. 1ItM. 
'KING Of HEARTS' 

FINE ARTS ,.,. G.rnet. P .• . 
m-4OOO 

FLYING ACQU~INTANCES 

GUILD 3I275th.S.D . 
__ 2Il00 

SEX AND THE SINGLE LEMON 

LA PALOMA 
THE WHITE DAUN 

CHINATOWN 
SOLANA "1 & AceCl. 

Walt Disney's laI.ne B .. ch 
'Castaway Cowboy' 1aInI 

Absent Minded Professor' 

lPIIIII'l-m-eet-inplllllllll_IIIIIIIIIIIIBIIII:I:I_I!III:IIII:DW hat's happen i n g I1111m1II8 Campus Program Board 
icpb PRI.MID CLUB October 15th .. the IMt"'y for lItu.nta STUDENT FELLOWSHIP GROUP II Fridey Oat. " .t 7 p.m. In I .. 2'l0D to .nroll their ell.lble d .... n"nte In the oP.n to .11. Sund .... 1" 0 9 p.m .. • 1 (M". IahooD. MFa. P.rIe .. P,.Med. Stu.nt .... Ith I .. urence prOllrem. Unlv ... ltv Luth.ren Church loun" •. presents 

AdvIeor .nd Dr. S..- will " Conteot lneu18nc. R ... _tetlv. - LA Jol .. Shor •• Dr. ('0/"1 
pr_t. Frwh .• N! loph. encou...-cl N_ Stu ..... t H .. hh S""'c. C8IIW 
to 8ttencI. (n •• r C.ntr.I Llbr.ryl . M.tth.w. 

C.mpu. or cell _ -2'123 t ..... yl ('01141 The Or .. nlo G.rd ... Society will hold 2 
rnMtI_ thI. w .. k. P ...... tt8nd _ SEX CUNIC: Cou.,...lng on S •• u.I 
..... tIn. If you .re • pr_t or future Prob ....... W.... 3-1; Revell. Coun-
member. ' . T ..... 0ct.14:OO-1:OD2A 2'1'3 .. lora Office ( .... r the Prov ... t Offlc.'. 
2. Fri. Oct ,f 4:111-I:0Il :u. 2'1'3 (PlO/'" Judith Jor" .... n M.D,: Hu.h P.t •• 
C ...... Indian D.nc. Meet., C..... Ph.D. ("·27, 
Fri. Oct. ". '·2:30. North •• lcony. Gren. for ... du.l. ltudy .br ... d. ('0/'" Appllcetlon form. ....y ... obtelned 
Folk D.nc •. Fri. Oct. ". Rec. Gym Conf. from the c.mpu. Fulbri.ht PrCl1lr.m 

seminars 
Sel.nce. TKhnolo"y .nd Public AII.I .. 
will .po,.or • colll_ene. on Llmltll to 
Non·Growth. to b. held on cempu. Oct. 
'0·'2. T ...... will b •• public .ympOlllum 
on the subjecl of E ... rgy. R_ouree. 
.nd the SINdy·Stetl .1 1:30 p.m. Oct. 
'Oth in the HlL Auditorium. ('0/'" 

Manhattan Project's , 
ALICE IN WONDERLAND 

According to SOlbTimes ... "A Nursery 
Tale for a sava~," Ollfry." 

.. 1m ited Audience 
Oct. 12, 1974 $2 

8:30 Gym Genl. Adm. $3 
Advl.or J .. n Fort who i. locet.d In 

Rm. (10/'" Offlc. of Gr.du.t. StudlH. 2'11 M.t-
The JewI8h Community 01 LA Jol.. lheoWi C.mpu.. The d .. dll ... for fliln. 
Children'. School m .. ta Suncley..t .ppllcetlo ... 0fI thl. c.mpUl I. '5 Oc-
Hum.nltl •• Llbr.ry. C.II J.nnlf.r lo"'r. '174. ('0-'4' 
Kunltz .. __ ('01111 

The MATH·PHYSICS CLINIC I. now 
Triton W.r .. mlng Club ....... v.ry open. W •• till need mora tuIO,.. If you 
Thu"'y"'2 p.m. In '2'14. '2'11 BSB cen help u •. pi .... c.II _-3110 or 
Med. School. N_ m.m"'" walcom.. com. 10 OASIS. 2150 M.nhew. C.m. 

Dr. Willl.m P.rl. Coil ... 01 Medlcln. 
& Denllll,., of N.w J .... y. T .. n-
.e.pllle,., Exehengl a. R.let.d to the 
Pora Th.ory. Frld.y. Octob.r " . .14. 
2:00 p.m" Room B:z.uI. B •• lc Scl.nc. 
Bldg. (10/11' 
PHILOSOPHY COLLOQUIUM: Frld.y. 
Octo"', 11 .• t 3:00 p.m .. In Rlvell. 
Colleg. Inform.1 Loun"l. Prof ... or 
Ro ... ld Sc ..... Phll ... ophy. UCSD. "On 
R.f.renc •• nd Predlclllon." ('0/'" 

Tickets available Student Center Box Qffic 
No late-comers seated 

(,0/,.. PUI. ('0/'" 
M_ C .... In Indlen CIIIMlceI D.ne. 
orillnellv Kh8dUIed for Fri ... y Oct. " 
In the North •• lcony of the Gym from 
' -2:311 ... been cenc ....... ('0/'" 
UCSD Aatronomlcel 8oc. Tu . • p.m. 
HL ,,., Will dlecu ... ctlvltle8 .nd .11 
.... 01 I..-t. AN _Ieome. ('0/141 
The Union of Jewllh Stud.n. II hevln. 
• Shebblot din.... In the Muir Apt. 
Lou,,". Fri .• Oct " .t 1:30 p.m. Com. 
for R ... ch. ('0/'" 
The UC8D Recyclln" C.nt.r I. hevlng • 
m .... ne on Tu ..... y. Oct. '11.111:00 In 
the down.tal,. loun .. in the Stud.nt 
C.nl ... ('0/'41 
Revelle Pr",r.m .oord (Form.rly gu .. 1 
In RMlHne. Commln .. , will ... hevln" 
I. fI .. l_tln. of lhe '1]4-11 y .. r. Th. 
m .. tln" will be held. Oct. '5, '114. ' :30 
p.m. In the B!ek. Conf.r.nc. Room. 
('0114' 
UCSD OrnlthoICl1lI •• 111 Form. group of 
Hri_ blrd-w.tche .. for field triP •• nd 
........ be. Cherley 4I2·al or •• rber. 
4I2.11IZ. ('0/'41 

notices 
ATTENTION MUIR F.II Grecl ... tlon 
Cendldllt .. : P ..... con_t M •. W.,..., 
In the Muir Prov ... t OffIc. to .rre_ .n 
.ppolntm.nt for your Fine! 0 ..... 
Ct..k .nd 10 fl. your C.ndldeey C.rd. 
(101111 
The Wom.n·. Cenw I. offering. free 
b.llc .uto m.ch.nlc. work.hop. 
C'- _I.b •• ny nlllht. 81.n up .t 
the Women'. c.nt_ .... r the Muir Ii & 
Dim •. (10/14' 

BOOK SALE Frld.y. Octob.r " from 8 
' .m. t05p.m. 4th floor of Bid •. 2-D Muir 
C.mpu.. W. will hey. IIt.,.ture & 
hl.tory bookl •• well .. ".n.,.1 In· 
tlrHt. IIt ... ry m .... I .... & ... rlodlc.i •. 
('OL" , 
BUSTEDII The C.mpul Sw.P M ... hel 
....n declered 111 ••• 1. Pi .... forg.t Ih. 
whol. thlngl 
UC.DAVIS KING SCHOOL OF LAW will 
hev. • rapr ... nt.tlv. her. MondlY. 
Oct. '4. '0:00 to noon It MC 412. room 1. 
Inl"nted plrtlcul.,ly In UOlklng wilh 
Asl.n. BI.ck. Chic.no. Nallve 
Am .. lc.n. Phillip Ina .• nd Wom.n 
slud.nt.. ('0/141 
Milluont Forum - Deb.le Common 
C.u •• v •. SWP Implieetions of Prop. 9. 
4e3Ii EI C.jon Blvd. Fri. 8:00 p.m. OCI. " . 
210-'212. ('01111 
C.lllng .11 mu.lcl.... Int ... eted In 
pertlclp.tlng In UCSD's P.p B.nd Ind 
pl.yln. .t .... klt ... 11 g.m... C.II 
R_ .•• t. 4031. ('0/'41 
WRITING CLINIC: If we c.n ... I.t you 
In .ny w.y. pl .... com. In to our n_ 
loc.tlon: '2114 Hum.nltl •• -Llbrery (Revel. C.mpu.I or cell our n_ 
num"'r: 4I2.21iZ2. ('0/2'1, 
WORSHIP It Unlv.r.ltv Luth.r.n 
Church on Suncle.,.: Prot_tent .. rvle. 
et '0:00 ' .m. (Putor John Hu .... " 
Cethollc m .... tl:30 •. m . • nd 1:00 p.m. (F ... Donov.n & C.mp ... lIl. Loe.tlon: 
_ LA Joli. Sho,.. Dr" .cr .... the 
.t .... from R.v.i • . ('0/'" 

films 
Frid.y OclO"r 11 - DAY OF THE 
JACKAL · 1:30 Ind 10:00 p.m. US. 2122. 
• . 15 ('0/11' 
S.turd.y October 12 . WOMEN IN 
REVOLT. 1:30 .nd 1':00 p.m. USB 2122 
.'.00 
MASCULINE/FEMININE . 9:'5 p.m. 
USB 2122 .' .00 (10/") 

DEBORAH KAVASCH . gr.dult. 
.tudent In mUlic, will ling "The Lo,d II 
My light." by Frlnc.s AIIi.ln. this 
Sun"'y during m.linl II U nlv.",lly 
Lulh.rln Church. '0 I.m. 110/11' 
REVELLE COFFEE HOUSE will bl 
fe.turlng Adri.n l_I.. Frid.y nl"ht 
Oct. " . lt14. Folk sin"er. ('0/1', 

concert 
Blu.g .... · .. Squ.n ... RII .. ", Sun., Oct. 

'3 ' :30 to &:311 It Cowboy Jaeke 11111)1, 
Hwv. '01. LeuClldI.,. Cov.r . • ' .00. 21 
and ov.r. Ip'O/", 

theatre 
M.nhllttlln Project'. ALICE IN WON· 
OERLAND . ...... th the cleu.trophoblc 
.ffect 01 • perachute. thl. pley 
.m.l .. mll_. Ilk •• 11 children' ... mH 
the .n.,. with the .nchented. 
Limited .udl.nc •. Gym-l:30 p.m" UCSD 
Student U . G ...... I Adml .. lon tl.oo. 
1'0/'" 

ecopational Outlook 
Bi-quarterly Section paid for and presented by CPP 

\ 
Setting Up (;areer Options 

The number and variety of occupations have proliferated in recent years, affording an ntrant 
numerous possibilities for combining interests and ski ll s. Yet because of market and manpower factors 
many occupational areas are difficult to e nter. Career thinking which IS either vague or narrowly goa l-
oriented appears less successful in the long-run than thinking which sets up a se lect ion pI options to be 
pursued or discarded later as events pan out. This involves understanding the occupational consequences 
of your education early- well before leavi ng college-and being able to make better decisions about 
classes, as well as becoming familiar with how to get a job, or how to continue your education, o r how to 
begin an alternative career. 

Career Planning has set up open hours thiS quarter- an informal drop-In/cirop-out time for students to ask 
career-relateq questions and discuss methods of career exploration. Two workshops-one on car er option 
and the other on job-seeking techniques-are being offered twice during the Fall. Students may also use 
self-i nstructional resources-research papers and the Career I nformation Library-from 8-noon and 1-5 p m. 
each weekday. Inquire at Career Planning, 6008 Muir H&SS for more information about these activities. 

On (;a .. pas Interviewing 
"Conv.nl_OO II the key _d for the On-C.mp ... R..,rultlng 
Progr.m, .Inc. etuclenta m.y ."._ to _. r.pr ....... tlv. 
without hevln. to I .. v. the cempu.: hev. the .dv.nte •• of 
being Intervl~ on Mut,.1 .round: .nd dev"op In· 
tervl ....... 81&111 .. 
EMPLOYERS 

ApllOintm_ ora nec_ry for .11 Int.rvl_. Pi .... 
Icheclul. your .ppolntm.nt It I .. at two cley. prior to In-
tervl....... .te. At thet dm. further Inform.tI... .nd 

.u~_wlll be provided to you. Appolntm.nte.r. m." In 
_.on In'" Muir HIt".t the Hlf-.... p .. bl •. 

NAVAL UNDER.A CENTER Mondey. Oct. 2' 
"n 01 ... NUC I. c_ned with r_roh. developm.nt, 

_.nd ..,.IUlltlon _telnlng to under_ eurv .. I1 ...... oeMn 
_hnallllY •• nd .ctv.nced under __ .,.. ..,_ .. 
Or ..... , II.nd MI l..,eI. enter • rotlld_I tr.lnlng 
pr ...... m In • verlety fII fI ........ lftI IA. M& PhD. In 
E n.I" •• rln. (.1 .. .,_10 •. m.ohllnlc.H, M.th. "hUl ••. 
CltI-"Ip I. required. 
BURROUGHB COIIPORATION F rl.y. Oct. » 
.. " DI... P08ItI_ In _te pr~", m.rle ....... wIIIch 

Incl ..... eI. month w.lnI ... pr...,.m. INklfti BA .nd MA In 
C_1IUter 8cI_. Meth. .nd I_Ice. 
ROHM AND HAAS COMPANV Mondey. Oct. » 

"...,.Iv ..... : PhD Anelytl_1 ChemlMrY will CGnduct 
r_eII .nd .., .... "'ent, ..-01.1 feeliiti. prlllll .... PhD 
",,",_I Cllemletry will etuft pltyel.1 .nd 0111101.1 ahem(_1 
pr __ d. fII m ... I.I .. PhD Or .. nlo C'-Ietry will ..,n-
thIei .. _ m_ ••• nd .... "m., .. _roh GIlt ltllllaeicelly 
• ctlv ..... 1.1 • ...., _.... or .. nCo r.ctI_ PhD 
"aIy",. ce-letr" will ............ y ...... r"," 
., ..,_rl .... nd ...... _ ",y"'.,1; "l1li_. r ..... fr_ 
tv ............ nd 4IeveI ..... _ r_rell to pr.ctI_1 ,It-
PlI_lI_ 

NCR CORPORATION F ,Icley. Nov. , 
O.te Proceulon. Dlvl.lon. Sen 01.... .....Ing Itudenta 

with 8A Comput.r Scl.nel or M. t!I. Will b. Ir.lned for the 
dev.lopment fII _r.tlng .v •• m •• nd .... m ...... m.nt 
.ottw.,. for • v.rlety 01 computing .y.t.ml. Will Int.rvl_ 
Dec.m .... "r.du._ Only. Mu.t ... either. U.s. citizen or 
hev •• perm.nent r .. ldent vi ... 

THE UPJOHN COMPANY Moncley. Nov. 4 

Pherm.ceutlcel .. IH 10 phy.lcl ..... pherm.cI ... hoepl .. l. 
Ind .ntl .... Compl.t. tr.lnI ... prog,.m In.II product ., ... -. 
• ntlblotlce. .ntldl.betlce, ... .nd .dr .... 1 hor m on .. . 
nutrltlonel .nd _.1 compou'" .nd producla. SMkln •• A 
In .Io-Kl_ .. Chemllttry. pr.med' ~I. Ot .... m.lor. 
with 210 plus unite fII biology or ... tur.I ... Ienc_. 

MONTOOMIRY WARD WedneedeY, Nov . • 
UnI ...... _ M.ne __ Tr.l_ pr_.m . ..... 1 ... IA 

In I! _Ice or bueI_ .dmlnl.tutlon. 

ORADUATE It PROn_ONAL 8CHooLS 
'.11 I. the r"rultl", _ .... for t'- echoCll .. If yOU',. 

_1_ .bClUt or oONl.,I ... the _ ... fII contlnul", your 
.... tlon. t'- r ___ dv. m.y M .ood ...... to telk 
with. MOlt I_vi ..... '" I. an .n Infer",.I. dr .. ln "81.-no 
•• lIIntm __ .r. _ry. Llteratur.l •• v.lI.bl •• t Ce,_ 
!'I.""'ftI. _ Muir H .. 

Mondey, Oct."( 10: OD' .m. to_·MC412. ra.n 7 
, rl.y. Oct. 111': 00 p.m. to 2: OD .. _ mMtl .... 2 to I : 10 In-
dlvl"'l ..... ntmem.·1IIIdent C-or 0."'1/ Canter __ R_' 

For information call: 452-4092 

WHil'l'EVER B~PPENED 
'1'0 B~NKER'S HOIJRS1? 

At La lolla Bank & Trwt Company 
th.ere are 51-11our$ of full service 
banking each week. 

Monday through Thunday 
Friday 
Saturday 

8:00 AM - 5:30 PM 
8:00 AM - 6:00 PM 
9:30 AM -12:30PM 

YOU CAN BANK AT YOUR CONVENIENCE ... 
ON YOUR If' AY TO If'ORK ... 
ON YOUR If'AY HOME." 
IF eva .ANI( IS "eva .ANI[ . 

THAT'S If'HAT HAPPENED TO • .41¥I[Ea'S •• 1111& 
THEY ARE NOIf' PEOPLE'S .ovas. 

,.,..."., I: , __ 

La JoIl4 WI 92031 
/1 /4/ 459·9111 

M.",I>tr f .D.I.C. 

The Professional and Administrative Career Examination 
(PACE) replaces the old Federal Service Entrance Examination 
this year PACE consists of a batte'~ of written tests deSigned to 
measure abilities required for a wide va riety of jobs in federal 
agencies across the country. About 85 percent of these posit ions 
are filled outside the Washington D.C. area. Most pos~tions do 
not require specialized education or experience. 

Persons with a college degree or equivalent experience. or who 
are a candidate for'a delHee can take PACE. The first PACE 
written te t will be given in November, 1974; there will be none 
In December, and testing will continue again on a bi-monthly 
basis from January through May, 1975. To be scheduled for the 
November. 1974 test, your application must be received no later 
than October 31, 1974. Other deta ils concerning the kinds of jobs 
fdled through PACE, how to apply, forms, etc ., are available at 
Career Planning & Placement, 6008 MUIr H&SS 

(Today's turbulent economy affects not only job-holders, but 
job-seekers or anyone else trying to set-out on her/hls own. 
Synthesizing Information from our sources, Careet Planning will 
examine the employment/ market situation in future articles) 

W.dnnd.y. Oct. Z3 12:00 toti: OD p.m ... R.v.lI. F orm.I Lou".. 
Thu .. cley. Nov. 1 (2:00 to 4:00 p.m.-·Student C.nter 
O.m./ Conf. Rm .1 • 
F,I ... y. Nov. 8 (.11 cley··Rev.lle Inform.1 Loung.' . 
U.C. DAVIS- .. KING SCHOOL OF LAW 

I nt .... tld p.rtlcul.dy In .. Iklne with A.I.n. .I.ek . 
Chicano. Nldv. Amerlcen. Phlllpino. .nd Women d ....... la. 
0 ...... 1 .dmlulone. lI_nel.1 .1. Inform.tI .... 
STANFORD UNIVE RSlTy ·-·rHE GRADUATE DIVI.ON 

I __ ted pertlcul.rly In telklne with Chleeno ItUdent8 
e_ernlne ....... _k. G ...... I .dmleel_, ft .. ncI.I .1. 
Inform.tlorl. 

T"-Jabe, phonecP-!-':c· __ . !"' ~ •. J .i. Co , _;;u;,::, :,-:&cI 
In the "n 01,,0 .r ... They Ir. only • _mpll", fII •• 
currently II.,.. with UI. 

C"P ... a.cr_ry: IVPI .... _lIlne with 8t'~:!_ • _ft. 
.dmlnldudv. work. If proficient In French ,.....:!' ... 
curll_ to P.r(e; ("n 01 .. 01 . 
CPP 2I0Il R_rch Auocla. (on. 2 y .. r .r.ntI ; .,. ..... 
Invalved In ... Iyll. aI.mlno .cllte fram d_ cultwl 0lil1. te 
.Ndy ..... In dI_ .. __ ..... Ine poet-doc In blocheml..,y 
(L. JalII' . 
CPP 2I0Il Ad",lnlnr.tlve AMI_nt .,..., BA I" 1_ ... 
or bueI_ .d",(n.. he". 10m' .ccountiftl. tv"ftI: .. 
mlnldrltlv./ .......... ry _Ie f_ • _~ fir", ... " 
01 .. 01 . 

Pale 7 Triton lintel October 11, 1974 



~_-.:'IIIIIIIIIIIII_IIIIIIIII'I:I'.IIIIaaIlllBllll __ I!IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII'IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIZIIIIi_ advertisem ents for ou rselves--BIl\II 
~ for sale EPI ........ .., pelr AKa D2IIJ E 

mike ... 2DO wt RM •• mp tI2ID .,-OID 
00H nch It hunllntt doe. mele. I yre. 
old ... It meetlff. A llood .uerd doe 
to protect your home. rench. or 
bull..-. CeII"~ eveninge. 110/141 

110111 

E.cellent 21" 10 IIP- blk. pen CoImpy 
.. .,.14Z3 110111 

•• OTO.- engine. Juet Ilk. new. pl. 
hit •• "My mighty OTO" ·J.n • D.n. 
" . Call Pernell 412·_ 110/11 

• .... IIIrf brd. plMtlc f.rn..tlc. muet 
heve hnlemen etyt. to ride It. Call Joe 
.t ___ or _ him et Coff .. Hut 

V.mehe • etrlnglleOUllt1e tlUlter '" cell 
4IJ 11M 110111_ cleMlc EI Dorado 
CedIlK convertible .. cellent condition 
.'" 11O~1 
Webult. llood condldon. ea. cell 
Relph. ~'_'. 110/141 

'17 .... _ .".'ne. ,,_ .... 
......... _ ....... A........, .•. 
.;:- or .......... lru. .... ,11. I .. 

P .... I_r 710 .mp. 4 mo. old wl_ 
• fen "". 1_101 type 2 .... kere. 2 
mo. old Ma. 412·" . (10/141 

... 110/11_ cieeek EI Dorado 
CecIIIIec convertible exceelent condition 
112'" 110~1 

Huky ., rune .reet w/toole • • ...,. 
perte ,.., or belt aH.r. L .. 411.0:IIII 
(.".I.27M (deVl' (10/1., 

1'1" .uFf brd. ple.tlc f.nteetlc. mu.t 
heve B.rtlem.n .tyl. to ride It. CIII Joe 
110/111 

FOR SALE: 8-treck tllpe pley.r. fe.t 
f_.rd. n_ • • l1li1 for " . Excen.nt 
condo .... 1132. (10/11, 

Sunbeem T.flon Electric Fryln. pen, 
nev.r u.ed. c.1I 217-l1li1 . p.m. (10114) 

71 YAMAHA 310 mu.t ... , Immedl I 
hev. tllken beby Clr. of thl. bike. It I. 
in xlnt runnln. cond Ind look. IlmOit 
new. Nu tlr. rln ••• chlln. clutch. 4Ii 
mpg mUit 1 .. 1. Ncrlflc. .271. Keep 
trying Doull 7115-6420. (10/141 

USED BOOKS for curr.nt c"._·CO. 
OP Booke-·Rev.11e Infor. Loung.; M, W: 
1·3; T. Th. " ·1..2·3; Fr. 11·3. (10/141 

1 PRo U.S. dlv.,. " Rock.t" fin • . "2.00 
b,.nd n_. Howlrd It 462· ... (10114' 

B.n h.'m.t, .121 7·318 • • 20 or trld. for 
bl"g.r on • . Chirli. 411-0128. 110114' 

GEORGE HARRISON CONCERTI 
Cholc. floor .nd log .... tI L.A. Forum 
No. 11 & 12 C.II __ 3146 .v.nlng • . 
(101111 

ARIA 12·.tring $7&. F.nd.r 12·. 'Ing 
• ,.. H.rmony .I.ctrlc b ... teo. Cell 
7!ifH11O .Ik for Mlrk (10/14' 

.• Pont"c 8 cyl. lutO conv.rt. ,n"ln. 
•• Int. '200. Toni d.y 462-4401. nlte 7116-
507&. (P10/11' 

DYnlmlc .kl. V;U 7 114 cm. N_ nev.r 
b •• n mount.d. 1174 mod.,. c.1I 
evening. 413-6402. (10/14' 

'10 Carv.ir good tlr .. ft .n.'ne MO. cell 
Su ....... (10/14' 

74 Wurlltz.r .I.c. pllno he. Int.rnel 
• mp end 4-8" .peek.,.. Xlnt condo ... 
Steve -'7I2I/Jen "", • . 110/141 

,. ALFA Rom.o cl .. n. IIlnt runnln. 
condo • .., or bIIIt aHer. C.II ~.434C) 
dlY • . 413-8160 .ve. (10114' 

21" 'Il rf. 3" p~.d blk • • "6. Cen b. 'Mn 
in fr :lnt of Muir Bldg. 2A. C.II 464-8285 
• Vlr 'nti •. (10114' 

Tn 101 mlk. 80 n_ SO cell 7156-3414 
nitet. Illill4) 

S.I •• 1Ik1. h •• d 380'. 210 cm n.w.no 
blOt lnu •• no hoi .. teo. C.II Bob 4211 
(101 14' 

.fter two. 110111 

PoIIIroId t.nd C.mere • euto 1011 w 
timer. ce ... fI .... ; hllrdly UMd offer ~ 
_110111 

.. Volvo 122·'. rune well. Meda pelnt 
ft minor work. leet offer. A .. o 2 white 
dOlI ....... ...,., eve. 1101141 

n Suzuki Bec nw rlne. cheln • 
• rocken. bIIt1ery ... Cell ...., • . 
110/141 

For S.1e . Sec:rtflce • Movlne to 
T ...... n •• r n.w furnltur. . M.d. 
I.droom •• t. klnll.lz. b.d. two 
nlllht.t.nd.. dr .... r. mirror '100. 
lunkbl.·O.k ... .. Hutch tao. 2·door 
Retrlll "23. W.'nut pie no Wick hem 
..... C.II .,~. 1101141 

W.A.V.E . • urfboerd 70AT .uper .tronll: 
COlli new todey " •••• klnll '70. CIII 
481-1171 . 110/ 14' 

Rugby J.".YI In VlrioU. color com· 
blnltlon. to fit any .121 of .hlp.. For 
Info: P.tlr: 7&6-72113. 110/141 

1170 ClAIiO Honda gd. condo .lItre • . AI.o 
Tan.lnl10 .peed IIl1htl S_·up • • a.k for 
Fred """" . 110/141 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASH? Paylnll Top Dollir 
for your U.S . Silver Coin. Minted 
before 1114. K.n 4I2.I321i. Ip10/301 

MARIJUANA .. ESEARCH • HEALllIY 
MALEI 21.. TO UVE IN 14 CON· 
SECUnVE OAVS UCLA IPAVS ., 211-
I2I-a4 IP 10/111 

Unit.d Stet .. Ch ... F.daretlon Offlclll 
Timar cln Merty 462·"46 110111 

Rid. wanted up/ beck to Bey Ir .. lor 
D .. d conc.n S. H.,p wI gel I driving. 
LMYII onleft.r Oct 1lth· be th.r. by 
Set C.II M.ggl.. m ·61.. .v.nin" • 
110/ 14' 

12 .trln" "ultlr. Cln pey up to "'. C.II 
N.II 3141 B. Vie ..Allcente LJ. L .. v. 
m .... g • . 110/11 

A c .... IClI gultlrl.t who would be 
willing to glv. ' ... 001. Contect Jun. 
412·1042 (10114' 

WANTED: Stud.ntl to tutor In the 
MATH·PHYSICS CUNIC. Mu.t hev • 
upper·dlvl.,on .tendlne 114 unltl' .nd 
e good (3.0 'g.p.e. Cell 412·3710 or 
com. to 260MC for Informetlon (10114' 

Rid.,. wlnt.d for Oct " to the BlY 
Ar ... coming beck on 20th. Help with 
ge • • cIIi 7155-4110. (10114' 

Leedl Rhythm gultlrl.t wentl to g.t In • 
•• rlou. rock bend. c.n 283-6320. (10/14' 

DESPERATE I N .. d rid. for d .. d 
conc.rt (SF' wkd. of " . C.n h.,p 
w/D+G . • ft 10 pm 224-11./K .... y 211-
77111 dy. (10114' 

SCG1t 317 FM·AM rec.iv.r n_ '331. 2 
.tu,ilocr.ft 330 .pk,. n_ '''0 " . 2 
AR2AX .pkre new "11 " . O.r,.rd 
turnt.bl.. Shure certrld... Ko .. 
heedphonee _ 11000. Need ... for 
.11 . ..... , efter • p.m. (10/111 

Peullot UOI 24" 4 moe. old IIlnt condo 
"211 or beet off.r. Cell Jll.7414. 11011 .. 

The UCSD dey Clre cemer neede 
volunteere to work with pre.ac:hool 
children for • min. of 3 h,./wMII. E.· 
c.lI.nt •• p.rlenc. for p.ychololY 
melore or p,.medI, Cont.ct JOllIe .t 
C ·2lII between •• ft 1:1'. 110114' 

Pale 8 Triton Times October 11, 1974 

D.bbler In IlUlter _ote to get together 
Inf_Ny with othere to meIe. muelc. 
Rich at210 11011' 

Chermlne YOUne blo mlllor need. ride 
to LA INCh.,.. Fri ...... bllek Sundey. 
Jlne """ Will .here. 110/111 

personals 
pogen: I love your cook ... 1 P ..... be 
my mldnlllht .neckl Love Friendly 
F"'ne. 110/111 

Threeher •• 11 work Ind no pley thwerte 
development of young men. Aln't YOU 
lIot no Hbld07 T. H .. 1101111 

Public notlc. poeled 1O/ln4: lob Flhe. 
,...tI_ ""lthiKS UUUUUOLY Chlckll 
POlled by lozon. (101111 

Rillto: M .... on W.C.7 Mlnulle on kllre. 
No nlln. H.I·H .. 0"011. (10/11) 

H.ppy Birthday. AMM. P ..... g.t In 
touch with m. before It .. too .. t • . C.II 
(415)212·1. Albert L (10/11, 

0 ... P.. .nd KIt, you .ure do look 
gr .. t If onIY ... r.memb.r whit the 
.ure.on •• nerel .. y.,Lov., P.r. (101'" 

20 million In the cloeet com. out 
G.rtrud., S.ppho • • nd Aile • . (10/111 

To the bee . do you think w. could 
publllh here? "My book" could be I 
be.t· .. I"r. I ml.. wrltlnll lett.,. Ind 
hope you r"pond. If there mu.t be I 
peper W •• t.'lnd, It could .t I ... t be 
int.r .. tlng eglln. I heve r.turned from 
Piri. r .. dy to tr .. t you e •• 'n . Doctor 
" M". (10111' 

BEAR . I AM A LUCkY WOMAN TO 
HAVE SUCH A WONDERFUL MAN I I 
LOVE YOU. HAPPY ANNIVERSARY. 
LADY AMETHYST. (10/11, 

To whom.v.r took the tlp.1 from the 
86 Ch.vy by the book.tor. FridlY. 
Scr.w youl Joyce & Uurl. 

HIPPY 21.t Bdey Plul B.be. Are you 
• urprlled?Lov • • J.y Bib • . (elle. Shl nI 
na'. (10/11, 

Lynnzoroonl·IAy Chlc:e-you .. t .tlnko 
olive.. but I .tlil Ibve youl BUENAS 
BOLAS .... end. HAPPY BIRTHDAY. 
(10/11' 

car pools 
Cer Pool UCSD to M... Coli ... Tu 
Thu,. .v .. Gr •• 411·0113 (10-11 

C.rpool from Bonltl ft CV. MWF 10-3. 
T.Th 1·3. Wlilin. to com ... rll.r & Itly 
til 4. J.rome 471-1271. (10/14' 

housing 
RENT: Unfurnl.hec1 townhou.. neer 
cempu • • 2 B". petlo. I:8rpon. pool. 
t27!ilmonth. C"I: U2·1131. Ip10/21, 

Roommltl needed to .her. OCMn· 
front hou .. In Pacific I .. ch. "30. C.II 
4II-41II2 W". (10111 

F.m.'. roommlte w.nted to live with 3 
othe,. In U Villege Apt. ./month. 
Cell 412 ... (10/11 

For rent 28 ... 11A. Oer .... ,.. yerd.1 mi. 
to UCIO • .".,1. _ ••. CeII_ m. 
.a. (10114t 

R_mete ""entad for P.I . ..,t. • . M 
for _.. llnele room • utlL 'mell 
.nlmel ok. Pool. m .. ,. (10/11 

Femele roommlte w.nted to .her. 
.tudlo lpenment In Le Jol.. VII .... 
Aptl. C.II _·1471 110/11 

For rent: 1 room .., PIM I.utlful 
luxury hou.. overlooking _n 0 .. 
Mlr 2 .uye 1 girl IlvIne there n_. 
looking for. 4th end friendly roommete 
ceO JII.,. .tter • pm 110111 
F.mele Roomm.te wentad. Le,.. .1 
lOR home In 0.1 . ., yde to ooeen. 
beckverd. etc. _n room m.. plul 
utllitlee. lvelleblelmmed .. teIy. Cell 22J. 
lUI or ~1_ .nd ,-". _ ••. 
1'0/'" 

Wlnted: M or F rmmte to ... ,. 2bdr . 
Ipt on MIMIon "'ch _/mo. Cell 
O.orge et 48-8122. 110111 

Roommet. wanted to .he,. .pt. _n 
room. _n beth. "'5.11 uti. peld. 1JJ14 
Mineo Dr .• D.I M.r .• pt. 221. 110/141 

tl2I.mo. Spectecu"r 2 IR. 2BA on 
Million B.y till 1 July. pvt petlo, fplc. 
cptl. cont.mp fum. w •• her·dry.r. __ 
7111. m-0341..223-1..,. IP101111 

Femlle room met. for I bdrm. O.M. 
hou .. ; 2 rm.. op.n; M7.1IO ft 'M. No 
rNetlonlrl .. 1 C.II ""'423. 1101141 

F.m under.,.d looking for rm. In hili. 
or apt. Clmt. .,.. .bout .71 fur. or 
unfur. C.II m-~. (101141 

B.chelor .pt. Le JoIIII VII..... 1m· 
med"tI occupency 3151 U V .. Allcente 
for further Inform.tlon. 110/14' 

services 
Portrllta BftW or color. Vou choo •• 
•• tllne. Ch .. pl 413-1721 (10111 

Typl.t. F •• t . SO c.ntl p.r pig • . CIII.,. 
9272 (10/11 

Hlr. your v.ry own b.nd for I perty. For 
m.llow or boogie mu.lc. whltev.r your 
heart d .. I,.. . 7fi3.177ti (10/11 

MENI WOMENI JOBS ON SHIPSI No 
ellperlenc. rllClulred. Exc"'ent pey . 
Worldwld. trev.1. Perfect lummer lob 
or cer .. r. Send t3.00 for Informetlon. 
SEAFAX. D.pt B·17 P.O. Bo. 21041. pon 
Ang.I .. , W •• hln.ton .-z. (10-111 

TYPING · MARIL VN would Ilk. to type 
your peper. theele. etc. She Ie ••. 
perlenced on .11 typee of pepe,.. ·f •• t. 
rNlonibl. end hili .n 11M. P ..... cell 
her It """'. IP101111 

Tu ... y nl.ht O"tlit Group' will for 
... Stllrte Oct. 22. Phone .,.2111 
ev.nlne • . IP101111 

P.n·tlm. work: n_ hlrlne for our 
revolutlonlry n_ bicycle product. 
Vou'lI be emlzed .t the trem.ndou. 
fle.,blllty of work In. h,. .• nd monet8ry 

~.rd. Colleg •• tudantl. Marl. 1:811 
Pur.ult Ent.rprl ••• Inc. 270·Il10. 
IP10121, 

K.,.tl · Introductory cou,... week bl-
weekly '" for more Info I:8H m...I1 
John. (10/14' 

U.S. M.Ie, Ilrber SIIon the beet In lone 
heir .tv .... . hell'. getsby, perm.neote. 
froetlne .nd blowcutl. IP11/1., 

Typlltl: IM·Term plp.r· 
eJ~"""l1IItIoneJ .. 
EdItI ... /Rueh'JobeJX .... AIMI: ~ 
.,.. "''''. IP1OI .. 

lost & found 
... for mum of loet unulU8l ring. 
C-'eta of 4 dlodee. treneletor Ind 
wire wrepPlld coli. John-m.4Ia. 110-11 

Found: Vinyl ten"" reckllt cover on 
Coun .J. Cell Tim It X 'IIIT7. 110/11 
Found: ..co Or_ V .. ,_ Een1ng nr 
HL PIck up TT OffIoe (1011) 

Oct I loet tu,.,oIM .ncI II'"' Itrecelet 
In ledYe reetroom .,..r HI. ZII2 
R_rd p ..... ,11 ~ 110/11 

LOIt: very unique tufCIuaIM brec .. et 
, ..... P ..... retum to TT offIOII or cell 
lu. m·,.. R __ dl 110/11 

Loet: Key type bike lock without key . 
,.... retum to TT OffIce. 110114' 

Found tat week · ....... of .oId rimmed 
........ LOIt by • hltchlker In • yell_ 
Poreche- Cell "'''. 1101141 

LOit one Willet In 2722 Frldey RIte. 
P ..... retum It. I need It IncI the money 
deeperetely. 4U4Z37. 1101141 

LOIt: Intro Prob ft StetietICIIl .OP. on 
1130 In USI 3010. Cell Ed 271.0a2. 
(101141 

Loet . peerl rlne .t the .tudent center. 
Fri. Oct. 4. "_.rd. P ..... 1:811 m~. 
D ..... ,.t • . 110114' 

Loet .m.11 pocket _tch with .hon 
"'ther etrep. R_erd " .00. C.II Auetln 
It ""~. 110/141 

Ilu. Amerlc8n benk check book found 
In 20 Ird fl. lonn. Whlttenburtl. pick 
up In Triton T. Offlc • . (10/14) 

LOIt: notebook ft mullc book from 
m.n·. locker room. Retum to Mullc 
Dept. 110/141 

t20 ~.rdl for return of .oId It. 
Chri.topher 100t In m.n·. 1000ker room. 
1\10 Qu"tlon • . ~·1121. (10/1'4, 

Me" .ermen .hepherd. blllck ft tIIn. 
C.II Oary Devld "la. 110/141 • 

Found: 1 pr. blu. pentl ... Iz •• on my 
mu.tln. wlnd.hleld wi...,. ... t June. 
S .. H_Ird In 2AI34I. (101141 

Found • w.tch It 21th It. P.'l\' Set. 
nl.ht "" • . (101141 

Found: In USI 2122; I Schellffer 12K 
.n.reved lIoid pen. Cell Ilrry .t • . an. 
(10/141 

LOIt: H.,lldey ..... nick Phyelce book 
(oren .. '. Inltlele O.O.S. on top. 10 No. 
IMld .. P ..... Ieeve et TT office. 110/141 

Found pelr of wire rimmed ........ rm 
2722 Oct. ' . Pick UP TT offloe. 110/141 

LOIt heIIn lheIM necklllce with .... rI In 
center. no cheln Oct. I. P ..... retum to 
TT OffIce. 1101141 

travel 
EUROPE · "RAEl . AFRICA Student 
fH.hU III y .. r round CONTACT: IICA 
lOll Unlv.,.1ty Ave .• " "n 0"'0 • 
CaiN. a11. TEL: 17141 217·J01O 12111 GIl-
_1"11271 

EUROPE. II"AEl • ORIENT. L_ COlt 
.tudent fll.htl III y .. r round. A.I.'.T. 
'''' S. le Clenep Ilvd. LOI Anll ..... 
... 17141 .... D3J or (2111 __ aut 
(P11/271 

~IW Trev" OffIce • ON CAMPUI • 
EUROPE It NV Chenere ucao Int'I 
Center 412 .... , .. I~ M. W. , ONLY 
4' 111271 


