
",.,., No___ , 

Arica: To Develop and Unify the Body 
We (ujeti RevelJe Associate City Etiitor Mar.f 

Woe/ber to allenti a session with the Anca gro"p, 
'jllst O"t of c"nosily. His report follows: 

I couldn't resist lookina. All aroun me, on the 
brick patio, beyond the fountain and on the tree-
lined paths, people were frozen in various attitudes 
of balance, some waceful, some muscular, ams UJ?, 
stretching, arms out, rippling. No one moved. 
People were squalli"., people were pt'i'5ed on one 
foot. Some filred their eye, on the others 
gazed at the sky. Tht're was br-.lthi .... t.dft1i'. 
ignal, a flute 

people, myw1t tlKlIoIQ!IIUt .:-_.,,;,,.,,.. .. WOF'.I! 
music. 

Arica's professed aim is to develop and unify the 
body, rrnnd and emotions. WWer . ca 
system would be capable onoing t at, Or even 
getting the process started, in one weekend in Del 
Mar, was a question for skept.i£~ As it turned out.. a 

cef~'pegree of faith was im in ever V actfv~ 
of' the Open all \\7Iio "'at-
tended, teac were Uwf 
with revealin.& potential. 
Yvon Diego gptt~ ~1J.~eek-end s~nt, ... 
is ",-ing en1lihtenm8n~e wa"T"£Ft;;~, she sKier,'" 
out of curiOii,¥-~ Arica method. Roger, a 
med student doin~ective work at a San .oies.0 _ 
hospital, has been a reader of Gurdjief and other 
metaphysicians and, following a period where he 
studied' malnutrition in Clllumbia, has developed 

about Arica was the group energy, caring, an~ 
"warmth of the people." Clinton, a pro football 
player on the injury roster, came to Arica seeking 
new goals to replace old illusions. His body is his 
greatest asset. He wants to develop and protect it, 
and, if he doesn't get to play again, he wants to be 
aware of its full resources, and be comfortable with 
its limitations. 

With the · common emphasis toward seeking, 
comfort, .md freeing potential, it was no surprise 
that aood prevailed. The atmosphere 

Leotards, baggies, and bare 
on the steps), gentle 

orelHlllled. All this kind of 
.1l'fJQ1!1WtlJthre effect. The 

Arica is a scientific as well as my a metho 
i$ a balanced system of interpersonal e 
perimentation and integration.....J,Q.cluded in t 

- method ar~ements of Eastern mysticism, such as 
meditation and chanting, a blending of Eastern! 
Western. phy culture and yoga, and current 

-::: . ~5te .... tJWt:holoSical and cosmological notions. 
. .. -~ IS -part6£ular emphasis placed upon 

• knowledge of anatl1Tny, how the bo functions 
thro, movem~d how nervous impulses pass 

. _ ·niltV~cfy. St'eady attention is given to open 
communication, the imB'?rt alUng on ' 
place., the communi!y, a ation e 

- individual's own vital energies. Each person has the 
responsibility to l2.k~ the best care of himself. 

*** • 

chants designed to resonate in the energy centers 0 
the body, relaxing them and freeing their essence. 
Everyone joined, with no evident self 
consciousness, in a low-pitched tone directed at th 
kath, or vital, center, located below the navel Afte 
a while, when we all found the pItch and 
modulation, overtones could be heard. And afte 
that, all sorts of vibrations became discernible, 
manifesting themselves for me as peculiar 
resonations in my lower spine The pItch was 
elevated to arouse the motional center, located 
near the heart. The synchronous ton first 
demanded, then held my complete attentIon My 
world was a sound, for a few moments . The last 
mantrum was directed at the center of Intellect, In 
the head. The cooperative VIbratIons worked 
through me until I couldn't really tell where the 
sound was coming from 

We were often JOIned In our exercIses by Esther. 
It's Esther'S garden, actually a communal space 
surrounded by the few dwelllng~ occupIed by 
members of Esther's broad famtly Esther was 
described by Jan as the "spirttual mother-supertor 
of San Diego county," and It's also clear that much 
of her life is given over to art There IS a vastness in 
what actually amounts to only a few acres of 
property . umerous sculptures, paintings, con-
structions and meditation spots are scattered In-
doors and out. The architecture here reflects an 
Oriental sense of free space, and the many trees 
and verdant growth contribute to a erenity rarely 
found n~ar a metropolitan area . This setting is 
conducive to the pursuit of art . Many of the lovely 
sculptures and paintings were executed there, by 
members of Esther'S family . Esther ,:ame to Del 
Mar, from Vienna and Switzerland, In 1945 She 
pursues If-awaren~s with vigor, In the belIef that 
.extended awarenes' is, to be terse, the key to 
. successflll~. 

ce.rta in disenchantments with orthodox \Vestern 
med icine. A'frer describing ~rjS~~ydml~ ~ .. : ' 
"charlatan" science, "he )al t\: what he liked ~ • 

.. Th.dlOllow bong of a meditation bell drew us 
from the v~rious reaches of the garden lo a circle of , . 
cushions on the ground . !aa led us in a_series of 

. $ rftttt:f11rs'" right in to"'tlie Arica program ' 
seems to "be a living example of the vali . 
objective of the Arica method. When resistance to 
this style of living has broken down, both ociall 
and personally, we may find a greater capacity' for 
creative expression in all of us. 

r------------Also Un ion Editor-------------, 

Wilson to Visit Campus Wednesday 
by Dilvid Pickett 

San Diego mayor Pete Wilson 
will visit UCSD next Wednesday 
in the first installment of a 
program designed to attempt to 
bridge the gap baween the 
University and the community. 

The series of visits, which will 
bring prominent husiness and 
media people from the com-
munity to the campus, will in-
vo lve afternoons spent meeting 
with important administrative 
offiCials and tours. 

In addition to Wi ISbn, Gene 
Gregston, editor of the San Diego 
Union, and Roy Mines, director of 
th.e·ch~n.n~1 10 news department, 
WIll VISIt. According to Paul 
Lamphier in Alumni and 
Development, representation of 
the media has been stressed at. 
the first collo~lJi'.!~ to bolster the 
program for the future . He said 
eventually participation by a 
representative cross section of 
the comftlunity will be stressed. 

Fint Meet in. 
On Wednesday, at 12:30 lunch 

WIth McElroy wi.1I begin the af-
lernoon's activities. Afterwards, 
participants will cross the 
campus, stopping to receive 
pre entations from Saul Pinter, 
head of the energy (enter, Bob 
Moss in PE, Joseph Witson, Third 

College Provost, and Ken Bowles 
in the computer center. The 
visitors will also talk with 
students from these departments. 
The afternoon will also include a 

Pete Wilson 

tour of the new Mandeville 
Center for the Arts. Finally the 
conferees will board a bus which 
will take them through the area 
surrounding .the University, 
lpointlng out the research and 
development of industry in the 
area. The object of all this IS to 
inform the community of the 
practical applications of the work 
.being done at the Univer ity, and 
to dispel the notion that the 
UnIversity is a place of research 
for Its own sake, with no ad· 
van taKes for the community. 

Past attempts to bridge the gap 
with the community have in-
cluded establishment of the 
Board of Overseers and a 
Speakers Bureau. The Board of 
Overseers was established last 
year and has forty-s ix members 
fro,,", the community who serve as 
advisors to the chancellor . They 
provide him with advice, and 
respond to programs initiated by 
the University. The Speakers 
Bureau provides both clubs and 
organizations outside the 
University an opportunity for 
exposure to what is happening on 
campus, and professors and 
project heads an opportunity to 
plug their activities off campus. 

Copy Boy! 
Du~ to thE reams of coo'! that 

have recently not appeared on 
our Editorial Director's desk, the 
Triton Times again would like to 
rem I nd its readt'rs that we are 
planning an election issue for 
November 4. Certainly ome of 
you out ther have opinIons you 
would Irke arred. If you dl agree 
with a ('and,date or a propoSItIon, 
submIt your opinIon to The 
Editor, Triton TimE'S. 

Snack Bar Prices to Jump 
Again; Barren Blames Inflation 

Food prices at campus snack bars, which experienced nickel and 
dime increases last June, are going to be raised on an Item-by-item 
basis again in January. 

So says Larry Barrett, who heads the UCSD food services operation . 
Inflation is the main reason for the Increases, according to Barrett. 

The same 10 percent increase over the last year in food costs felt by 
consumers is also affecting the food services' raw food purchases 

Another reason for the increases at the snack bars, which are used 
mostly by commuter students, staff members and faculty, lies In the 
relationship between the snack bars, and the caieterias . 

Theoretically, -Barrett says, both the nack bar and cafeterias' 
should be self-supporting, but the current reality I that the cafeteria 
compensate for some of the snack bar losses. 

It is hoped that the increase in some nack bar items will help the 
snack bars to pay for themselves. 

Other factors bearing on the food prices include increases in labor 
and utility rates, and costs for miscellaneous supplies . 

Base pay for students who work in the cafeterias and nack bdrs 
rose this year to S2.59 from last year's S2 .48 . Stud nt comprr the 
majority of the food ervices labor force 

3rd College Presents 'Halloween' 
I _I ... _ ~. ' 1' .. 

1 bIrd tollege [a little late, bllt with e'lthusiasm) WrJl pu;;;C;-
Halloween activi#es tomorrow. 

Activities will incilitie a barbeclle ," the Third resitience 
halls, and a costume tiance featun'ng the band Master Plan, with 
each ach'vity beginning at 8:00 t.m . .3 .. .1 ~v,,::,.;.:. lb ;,~, viobh 
mitinight. Cost"mes will be jlldged by Provost Joseph Watson 
a"d Dean Raymond Dye. A $10 pnze will be awarded. 

One p"rpose of the evening's festivities is to enable stltd..:",ts 
from Garjie;/ High i" Los Angeles to get a loolt. at Thirti College, 
as a part of the chool's recrllitment program. 

In addition, our Thirti College as ociate clly ed,tor ha a tIP 
that the Great Te t T"be will nse from the Pacific and dump ome 
"amele lib ta"ce over Revelle College. 

The report IS Itnsltbsla1lttated. 



Watergate: End Justifies Means? 
IVJlGMOOOV 

As eJected. the Wateraate burllary and sub-
sequent discloswes initiated an abundance of 
books Ifltarinl seventy) on various a,spects of the 
break"n by both participants and those in a 
'position to view' it most closely and study its 
possible ramifications. 

Hiahest honors are thus far reserved for the first 
Watergate memoir published, All the Pmidenfl 
Men, Bernstein and Woodward's famous account of 
how they initially discovered the import of the 
burglary and revealed the facts to the American 
people through the Washington Post. 

The book's importance, I believe, resides more in 
the authors' candid documentation of their 
techniques utilized' in scooping the Watergate story 
than in describing the events themselves (albeit 
chronicled in a brilliant and thrilling fashion ). The 
.authors intimidated secretaries working for the 
Committee to Re-elect the President (CRP) by 
calling and visiting their homes late at night, 
pressuring them for information. They attempted to 
solicit facts from grand jury witnesses, irrespective 
that it would have been illegal for them to talk to 
reporters-Ql' a,nyone else-about Watergate. Bern-
stein and Woodward also had access to, and used, 
both the Bell telephone system and various credit 
card company lists 'for possible leads into 
Watergate related Ilctivities. 

Although Berstein and Woodward admit 
misgivings about some of their methods, their book 
raises questions regarding the extent the "peoples 
right to know" entitles a reporter to invade anothers 
privacy. The Reporters Committee for Freedom of 
the Press hq"traditionally and rightly objected to 
telephone companies giving government in-
vestigators access to journalists' telephone records. 
But journalists themselves can obtain such records. 

What then, is the line between aggressive jour-
nalism conducted in the ' public's interest and 
journalists incursions into the privacy of in-
dividuals, however vital those individuals are to the 
development of the story? Should a reporter be 
allowed to get a story by any method necessary? In 
short, did the end, here, justify the means? 

Instead of attempting to resolve this . question 
now, a look at jeb Stuart Magruder's book An 
Ameriun Life: One Man's RNd to Wateraate 
provides an additional insight into the questions 
raised by All The Presidenfs Men. 

**** 

. According to Magruder, the primary response of . 
those in the highest eschelon of the CRP to the ever 
present possibility that Wiltpr"ilte and other covert 

activities occurring in the NixOn administration was 
the fear that all would be exposed to the public 
before election day, coupled with the sickening 
re;lIization that they were Iyina to the courts, their 
families and their country. But ·Nixon had to be 
protected; indeed, he had to be protected and 
isolated from the crimes of Waterlate as he had 
been protected and isolated from his staff, 
government officials and agencies with different 
views than those of the Administration . 

Indelibly tied' to their fears of being discovered 
and the desire to shield Nixon e)(isted the un-
deniable mark of ambition . In his book, Magruder 
paints a picture of his life as suffering -from these , 
pangs early, lusting for financial security, public 
esteem and peer admiration . Realizing that 

~Iitical and economic power represented the 
cornerstones of an influential American life, he 
sought both, unheSitatingly and without remorse 
for having missed the proverbial 'good life' 
surrounded by his attentive wife and four children . 
It was prinCipally -these qualities, Magruder writes, 
combined with a personal admiration for Richard 
Ni)(on and a sense of mission about the Nixon 
Presidency, which led them all to be associated 
with and to conceal the crimes of Watergate. 

The personality of Nixon himself offers a further 
clue to the type of atmosphere in which these men 
worked and why they jeopardized their careers by 
engaging in and condoning illesal activities. Always 
an isolated man, a detached politician ~ 
preferred to eat alone, awkward, unc.omfortable 
with small talk, easily wounded by vicious attacks 
from the press and humiliated by the snubs 
received as Vice President and after his two 
election fiascos, Nixon's staff cued themselves to 
00 what they believed the sensitive, easily angered 
President desired. Their loyalties, as his employees, 
were to him and not, unfortunately, to the country 
or its laws. They too had their goals, and for Colson, 
Haldeman, Erlichman, Magruder, Mitchell, La Rue 
and Dean the end, serving the president, justified 
the means of sabotage and conspiring to obstruct 
justice. 

Thus it appears that the same rationale initiated 
the actions of both the press and the government. 
That the press, this time, played the role of hero by 
uncovering Watergate and the government the role 
of villian involved in a heinbus scandal sho!lld not 
obstruct our viewing the problem regarding the 
uses and abuses of power and the public trust, 
wherever it is found . 

Icpb 
l 

U.C.S.D. CAMPUS BOARD 
PRESENTS FOR NOVEMBER 

VIVECA LINDFORS 
on stage in 

lAM A WOMAN 
Nov. 2 

8:30 pm 
U.C.S.D. Revelle Cafeteria 

"Everywoman ... an instant portrait of 
woman . . . a triumphant tribute" .. . 

Boston Globe. 

$1.50 2.50 

THE 
IJLACKEARTH 
PERCUSSION 

-GROUP 
'Saturday Nov. 16 
I 8:30 pm 

U.C.S.D. RevelleeafeteiU 
"reveills a lood potential of expancina 
consciousness. More power to it! Wonts -
perhaps sayin, nothinl." 

-Harry Partch, compoter. 

11.50 2.50 
Tickets available: 

U.C.S.D. STUDENT CENTER BOX OFFICE 
Noon - 4:30 Tuesday throu,h Fridily. 

Infomultion: 452-4092 

PAUL WINTER 
CONSORT 

Saturday Nov. 9 
8:00 pm 

U.C.5.D. Gymnasium 
Win ter Consort offers a ri ch and awesomely 
musical experience . There are elements of 
ro ck, jazz and classical music but like a 
long-S immered stew with many spices, the 
fla vors have become so intertwined that 
th ey are impossible to isolate . 

$2.50 3.50 
Eugene O'N eill Center's 

NATIONAL THEATRE 
OF THE DEAF 
Monday, Nov, 11 0."" . __ 

o;uu pm 
U.C.5.D. GJlllnilillm 

Presenting " Priscilla, Princess of Power" 
based on a story by New Yorker cartoonist 
james Stevenson ; and "The Dybbuk" a 
dazzling adaptation of a classic Jewish folk 
tale beset with devils and demons. 
"These excellent actors touched by the 
angel of silence, bring us a fresh un-
derstanding of the inestimable value of 
words." ... IIGiorno. 

Admiaion $2.00, 3.00 

"..,. Of ALL • • • ..alT eMaiAMAI .. 

LEITERS 

Baboon Business 
Noting that it was a pleasure to 

be interviewed for the October 28 
issue of the Triton Times, I would 
like to clarify a few points . The 
errors about me personally were 
delightful but I feel it necessary 
to correct the errors about the. 
baboons. The troop that I ob-
served had been watched before 
and was the same troop which 
had a previous history of meat-
eating, a rare occurrence among 
nonhuman primates. During my 
study period I was able to 
document increases in predatory 
behavior and the new 
development of a type of 
cooperative hunting. 

Social relationships within this 
troop were truly complex. The 
traditional male-dominance 
model. was inadequate to explain 
the behavior even among the 
males much less as a com-
prehensive model for baboon 
behavior . Perhap" the most 

important point to be> made is 
that females and their families 
form the stable and consistent 
core of the group and seem to 
perform most important croup 
functions. Males form a separate 
more dynamic subsystem and 
friendships between males and 
females, as well as sexual 
behavior, provide the integration 
for the two systems. Overt 
aggression is rare, while actual 
injury from fighting is even rarer. 

My time with the baboons was 
a wonderful e)(perience for me 
and I am glad to share it.' But I 
hope that the new information I 
gained about the baboons will 
not be lost in people's romantic 
responses. 

Sincerelv, 
SHIRLEY C. STRUM 

DEPARTMENT OF 
ANTHROPOLOGY 

UCSD 

Open Letter to Chancellor McElroy 
Anyone interested in overthrowing a government? If so, you need 

do nothing more than answer the help wanted advertisement in the 
latest i~sue of UCSD's own Occupational Outlook. 

We WE.'re sl./rprised and shocked, while reading this campus 
publication, funded by student fees, to see an advertiseme.nt 
requesting UCSD graduates ("area specialists in China, S.E. ASia, 
Afr ica, Middle East.. .economics, linguistics, etc .") for positions with 
the Central Intelligence Agency. 

occuP ATIONAL 
OUTLOOK 

Positions with the CIA in Wash-
ington, D. C .• for area specialists 
in China, S. E '. Asia, Latin Amer-
ica, Africa, Middle East. Russia; 
or in history, economics, linguis-
tics, etc . . Graduate students at 
least at M. A, level preferred_ 

After recent publicity uncovering the CIA sponsored Phc:'-'~ix 
program in Viet Nam and its cold-blooded engineering of the C~lhan 
junta, it ~an hardly be said that the editors of th~ Occ~patlonal 
Outlook can plead .ignorance of this infamous agency s function. 

We think that the current University stand favoring profit over 
morality, typified by the UC regents' stand on their South African 
investments, is mirrored in this blatant advertisement for cold-
blooded murderers. 

We, the underSigned, demand the rev~rsal of this policy and a 
printed apology to the entire university population ~y the individuals 
involved. 

Veteran's Coalition 
Paul T. Picltowicz 
Robert S. Edelman, Asst. Prof . 
Black Student's Union 
Gerald Steinberl, UJS 
Asian-American Student Alliance 

• 

Low 
Blows 
and Cbeap 
byEdwud~__ Shots 

Mom'. Colleae CooIIbooll 

Hi, ya'lI! My name's Mary Jean lee, but you can call me "Mom." I 
have a son w~o goes to your college and, believe me, I know how 
'~vd it is to get a good meal after a hard day at the lab table. (My son 
has writt8(l me such tales of culinary woe as to break a mother's 
heart!) So, in order to h~lp you poor students out, I've compiled some 
recipes, suggestions a!:!d anecdotes which should make college life a 
little easier. • •• 

When the dough is running low and there ain't nothing on the 
stove, here's a ta$te treat that is also cheap. 

1 pili· hot doRs 3 tiP relish 
3-12 oz. colas 4 slices of bread 
3 tsp. mustard 2 cups flour 

The ingredients are forced into a blender t i ll a homogenous paste is 
produced. For those without bl enders, disconnect the trap in your 
sink and use the disposal. After wh ipping, place the paste into a large 
jar and put it in the refrigerat or . It makes a perfec t instant lunch for 
students with li tt le time between classes. A lso, adding orange jUice 
makes it a suitab le brpakfast food. Several other uses for it are 
possible, too My son has used it to mend books and patch ceilings. 

· . . 

Hint : When you find it impossible to wash th dishes lin -
mf'diately after a meal, leave them cli rty and do thpm ome other 
time. 

* • • 

I once read a book cal l d " The Rise and rail of the Third Reich." 
Didn't understand a goddamned word. 

* • • 

More than anything f'lse, a student often finds a need for snad.s to 
f'at on hiS study breaks. You know, a little omething to keep you 
going . Here's a recipe My Bil ly r('a l 'y likes 

1 bOll; of brownie mill 
Fix t he brownies as you usually would, but before you pop'em in 

the oven, add Mom's secret ingredient : 200 amphetam ine tablets . 
My son has told me th ey are like an "organic speedreading course." 

• • • 

Hint : If you can't afford to buy your lunch every day, you might 
consider making it yoursel f th e night before. 

• •• 

A recipe Billy came lip with and which I like very much, is this : 
Take an apple and core it - but not all the way through. That is, make 
it someth ing like a well . Into the well pour some 95 % ethanol as well 
as two hundred ben zedline tablets. Put into a hot oven for 30 minutes 
or a half hour. Pour out any remaining liquid. The resulting apple 
makes a fine add.ition tO,any lunch. It will last about a week, but your 
friends might think you reoddwhen you only take one bi te per day . 

• •• 

Hint : Even the most stubborn bathtub r ings yield easily to a cold 
chisel and Easy-Off . Remf'mber, those chise ls can be resharpened, so 
don't throw them away. They' ll coml' in handy on linen day! 

· .. 
Hint · If you have trouble starting your car in the mornings do what 

I do. G~t a new car. ' 
• •• 

By the way, if you have trouble getting any of the ingredients for 
my recipes at your local grocer, see my son. He lives at Muir and se lls 
them part-time. 

TRY A1J€C BUTTE:RMILK. 
IT DO€SH'T COME: 

FROM A COw. 
Montez.umo~' 
Tequila [l utterm ill~ 
Monte~mo Tequila. 
1 I ounces. Lem on· 
Lime Soda Pop. 1 
bo ttle. 
nlend In b lende r With 
crocl~ed Ice. Se rve in 
loll gloss. Garnish 
With lemon or lim e 
wedge. 

(H(CATL 
(THE WIND 

symbol ror rhe 2nd doy 
of fhe onClfml AlIff weel~ 

The Muir College Council met last week . to 
decide on appointments to campus wide and Muir 
committees . The council was abl to fi ll Its 
vacancy on the Counci l on Undergraduate Ad-
mini stration (COUGA) and made the final student 
appointments to the Muir judic iary Comm ittee. The 
names are posted in Wednesday's Triton Ti mes 

The Muir Reporter 
announcement section . 

Dean Jim Beckley reported that there were many 
committee positions st ill avai lable to interested 
Muir students for both university positions and 
Muir College committees . For detail s and a 
complete list of these committees, contact the 
Dean's office or the Office of Student Affairs at the 
Triton Center . Some of the more interesting and 
important of these positions incl ude the Muir 
representative to the Student Fees Committee; 
responsible for allocating the millions of dollars 
students pay in registrat ion fees, the Bookstore 
committee, and the Muir Committee on Food 
Services and Housing. 

Apparently many of the people who withdraw 
from college do so for reason s related to their 
choice of majo r or career. jim Beckl ey has found 
that many people unsure about their field have had 
their academic work suffer as a result of 

the ir pr('occupatlOn wi th maklnb the right dN I~IOII 
Th is problem IS not unique to MUIr or to UCSD but 
seems to be a nat ional problt'm of primary 

signiflance Those who have problems or que!>tlons 
In thiS area are pncouraged to stop by the MUIr 
Dpan's Office and ta lk to Jim Hpckley, Frl'd HI'n-

A feature devoted exclusively 
to announcements and events 
conceming Muir College. 

derson, or one of the college counselors about 
some of programs which can assist the' student In 
making a decision . 

In add ition to the programs available to all UCSD 
stwde.nts, such as the Career Planning Workshops, 
and \\oc ational Guidance Counseli ng, the MUIr 
Student also has the litt le used opt ion of con-
structing a Muir Special Projects M ajor. Ap-
proximately 15 seniors a year graduate with the 
Special Projects Ma jor, in which the student may 
work with a selected faculty adVisor in preparing a 
program built around the student's special interests 
and ski ll s. It remains a rarely 'used program due to 
di ff iculty in gett ing enough facu lty to assume the 
e)( tra work load and because many students are 

una~are of the Special Projects program 
Next Thursday, November 7, Chancellor McElroy 

will be at Muir College to meet with Mui r Students 
and answer any questions. He will be at the Muir 
Apartment T.V. lounge at 1 pm 

APPLY NOW FOR THE: 

rree 
DANCE!! 

raell ~olk Dancing 
Then 

Rock to a liv(' Band 
fREE 
EAT!! 

D lectable Goodies 
ENJOY IT All!! 

Sat. Nov . 27 p.m . 
UCSD International Center 

PhC?to Imports 
Camero Exchonge 

44a real 
camera store" 

Buy-Trade-Repair 
8199 Clairmont 

Mesa Blvd. 
565-9995 

UNDERGRADUATE INTERNSHIP 

PROGRAM 

Paid Positions ilre available for thiS academIC chool year 
Applications are available at the STUDE T 11'-0-
IORMATIO CE TER (EDNA) and at your College Dpan ~. 
Office 
Internships will be offered In the follOWing offices 

Vice Chancellor Student Affairs Student Center Director , 
Vice Chancellor Administration Business Office 
Vice Chancel lor Community 

Re l ation~ 
Vice Chancellor Academic 
AffairS 
Assistant Chancellor 

Student Financial Services 

Allumnl Office 

Committee on Educational 
Policy 

I f)ternships involve working on projects in your particular 
Qff iGe 

APPLY NOW -

DEADLINE FRIDAY, NOV, 8th 

Roots would like 
your next walk to class 

to be a part of your education. 
We'd like you to learn a little about your 
feet - why they work as they do, and why 
they. don't always work as they should. 
Did you know, for example, that if instead 
of banging your soles about on campus 
concrete, you were to go strolling bare-
foot on a beach, two things would result. 

Rrst, your grades would drop. Sec· 
ondly, your heel would make the 
deepest part of your footprint. 
This is because nature intend· 
ed your heel to be the lowest 
part of your body. So in Roots 
your heel sits in the lowest 

10909 Kinross Ave. 
We twood VI\I~ 

(213) 478-0101 

part of the shoo. You immediately stand 
straighter. And when you walk, you use 
leg muscles you probably haven't used 
for years. All of this takes the load off 
other parts of your body, parts which all 
too often get overworked from incorrect 
posture. If you're wondering whether all 

this can happe, in good·looking 
well-made foctwear, try on a pair 

fo r yourself. One look should 
perwuad: y"0U t~ • ..:.~ Reot::; ;~ 
much more than a beautiful 
idea. 
It' al 0 a very attractive hoe. 

1218 Prospect t 
La Jolla . .111. 

17 14) 459·36 11 

J Triton Time~ NOV~mMr 1, 1 



t 

Drops final to UCLA 

Triton. Booters 'Take Second at All-Cal The Saga of JimrT!Y; The Destiny of Scripps I by tbrll Robinson on the ten . Charlie started up his right Sidel ine, then sensing a hole to 
The sun was slowly setting in the west. The orange disk was par- his left, cut through and was gone. 

by Dilve Eiten 

UCSO's soccer squad turned out to be the big surprise in the AII.(:al 
Toutnament plaved last weekend at UC Santa Barbara. The Tritons 
made it all the way to the finals, losing to UClA, and in the process 
breaking a four-year streak of last place finishes.at AII.(:al. 

After coming home, the team continued to play w(!11 as it tied USC, 
1-1, at UC Irvine on Tuesday. 

The Tritons opened up AII.(:al play Friday afternoon, October 25, 
with a first round match against UC Berkely. Earlier this season the 
Bears had defeated UCSD H), and had also knocked off such highly 
ranked teams as Cal State Fullerton, Stanford and Santa Clara . -

After 70 minutes of play, the game remained scoreless, so the 
outcome had to be decided on penalty kicks. With the two teams 
picking individuals to shoot alternately, the Tritons woo 4-2 on scores 
by Dave Youngdale, John Piim, Steve Cardona, and Charlie Webster. 
In goal, Prim made two diving, stops td assure the UCSD victory. 

In the second round thf Tritons battled UC Davis, which had 
whipped UC Santa Barbaralo advance into the second round. Again 
penalty kicl~s were used to <lecide the outcome as the score was tied 
().() after 70 minutes of fine defensive play. The combination of 

Abortion 
Altematives 

SAN DIEGO PRo-t.lFE 

Call 
5U-5433 

for 24 hr. counsel ins 

free speakers 
also av.lable 

t -
t COMMUNITY 

IlOOOIANK 
327 F. 51reet 

'AYSDONOIS 
forserwke 

Mon.-SlIt. 
1:4~S:lO 
CIoiedSun. 
23M481 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
PLUMBING CO)ITRACTORS 

Leilverton - Siln Inc. 

REMODEL - NEW INSTALLATIONS - REPAIRS 
STATE LICENSE NO. 272·677 

566-4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San Diego, Ca. 92121 

1222 Prospect Street 

454-8806 

Our DELI WITH JEWISH SOUL has a 13 page 
menu - great to practice speed readonR. 

The Sandwiches you won't forget-- even If you 
want to. Ignore the preposition ending, but you 
won't be able to ignore THE MAVIN'S unique 
restaurant with a whole new experience in eating 
pleiUures. 

We tumult from 8 in the morn until 10 at nite 
(Fri . & Sat. n'til 12 or so.) 

accurate shooting by Youngdclle,1 Prim, Webster, and Allonso 
Gonzalez, and two spectacular saveS by Prim in goal, gave the Tritons 
a 4-3 edge. 

In the finals on Saturday, UCSD was downed 2~ by UCLA, the 
runners-up in the 1973 NCAA Finals. In a full 90 minute contest, the 
Bruins dominated for the most part, although an early Triton chance 
was denied when Youngdale's· shot beat the goalie but landed just 
over the net. The UCSD defense remained solid, holding an explosive 
offensive squad t6 only two scores . 

Prim, Gonzalez, and Jairo Mariti .vere honored later by being 
selected to the 'All-Tournament team. For Prim and Gonzalez, it was 
the second such honor in the two toumeys played so far in 1974. 

"I know we surprised alot of people by our play in the tour-
nament," said Coach Stewart Hayes. "One of the AII.(:al organizers 
told me that we were the most improved team he had seen this 
season ." 

Tuesday, the te.m traveled to UC Irvine for a district match against 
tough USc. The game was scoreless until mid-way through the 
second half when Carlos Robles headed in a shot on a perfect pass 
from Webster. The goell for Robles was his eighth, tops on the team. 

Swimmers Start Season, 
Team Looks Promising 

by Bert Lee 

An inexperienced but 
dedicated UCSD Triton women 's 
swim team will kick off their 
season next Saturday when they 
compete in the SCIAC Relays at 
UCLA. 

be allocated' to the team . For all 
you prospective fans, however, 
Coach Dann did believe that 
visiting teams (like powerhouse 
UCLA), probably will wear the 
suits during competition. So all 
you downtrodden pre-meds take 
heart! 

Miss Dann noted that the team 
needs about 35 stop watch timers 
for their 1st home meet on Nov. 
16. Seriously, if you really want to 
have a good time, go to the swim 
nnppt~ or better yet, sign LIP to be 
a timer . It's a good way to have 
fun and also a good way to 
support oLir team. 

It was just another routine 
Wdl, not quite. I did misjudge dalli.~gs time and awoke an hour' early for an 

unllodly 7 a.m. meeting that I conned into attending. 
But from then on everything almost to the point of boredom . 
As usual I set out for the in the usual traffic jam, entered the 

same gate, took the same elevator and settled int·.) the usual se?,t. 
Then I watched the Char(lprs. do 
The Chargers went out and played I brand of good offense without scoring. 

The defense also performed to their giving up yards and points at if they 
were going out of style. 

And as u~ual thp Charger~ were still 
per routine the Chat'gers'gave away 
24-14. 

when the fourtb quarter began . But as 
, this time to the Kansas City Chiefs, 

usual 150 +" yards on the ground and Dan 
offensive total. But once again, as 
And again it was primarily due to 

three times within the Kansas City 

OffenSively, hc1lfback Don Woods 
Fouts directed the San Diego to its 
usual, he could not get the Chargers 
turnovers, the Chargers giving the bal 
ten yard line. 

On the def~nsive side of matters defensf-' gave up some 400 yards to the 
Chiefs, a performance that could standard for a team with one of the 
worst defenses in the league. The deh~n.et the game get out of hand by giving up 
the big play, also per usual , this timea to a rookie halfback. 

Once again, in what is becoming habi~ of opposing coaches, Hank Stram 
indicated that the Chargel s were a of surprising a few teams . 

1'II .be surprised when that time 
Then on the way home I listened do, Fred Lewis' "Tailgating Show" on 

KSOO . And as he always doe~, I'r",&!;ng. how close the game was, how the 
Chargers were in it until the final on~ of these weeks the Chargers might 
actually beat somebody like they Iy capable of doing. 

Well maybe the Chargers ought to Cincinnatti, which seems to be the only 
place they can win a game. 

Losing, and the way they lose is her commonplace for the Chargers. It's 
even getting boring. The least they be to lose in a different marmer . 

tially hidden by the clouds. But there was still light, enough to The Baboons were stunned . They stood around in disbelief 
illuminate the field . It was a fine time for football. Nothing like this had ever happened to them before. 

Present on the field were the two teams about to do battle in an all- But Jimmy brought them back. Utilizing the running of halfback 
important Amnesty for All l eague game. Tom and his own arm, Jimmy directed the Baboons down the field . 

On one hand were ,the reigning champions of intramural football. On fourth down Jimmy found Harvey, his right end, open in the left 
On the other there was a perennially good, but rarely successfu l corner of the end zone. Harvey made a great catch . 
team . It was now bo{). 

The Baboons were led by the incomparable Jimmy. Jimmy, with his On the conversion, Scripps w.s called for a penalty, giving Jimmy 
brilliant play calling and his rifl e arm had lead his teams to intramural another chance Never give Jimmy a second chance SCriPPS d id and 
championships many times. He had been defeated only once in five they paid . Jimmy ca lled the screen . Tom was there and took it in for 
years. Today he was out to lead the Baboons against the Scripps an 8-6 Baboon lead. 
Semen . Halftime arrived . 

The challengers, Scripps Semen, were being led, as usual, by Uneventfully the second half ope~ed, SCrIPPS forcing a punt. Then 
Charlie . Always good, they seem to make the playoffs every year, but the drive began. led by quarterbi6::k Flore and halfback Charlie, 
that is just about as far as they make it . Now they were looking to Scripps began to move the ball down field . Eventually they pulled 
upset the Baboons. . within striking distance. 

Both teams, going into the game had 2~ records, and surely one of Then it happened . 
them was to be 3~ . Who was it to be? The Baboons or Scripps? Flore faded back to pass. Spotti~g his very tall end, Phil , open in 

Before we venture into the game, let us not forget the great the right flat, Flore let the pass fly'. Ph i l went high into the air and 
triumverate that officiated the game . jim, JeH and Kirk (not me) were latched onto the ball 
borrowed from the NFL in order to keep the game under control. To 
them the 1M Dept. must be grateful, for without them, who's to say 
who woul~ have won. Certainly the losers would claim victory, but 
alas the trlumverate was there, and called a beautiful game, clo~e 
calls and all. The losers couldn't Claim that victory was snatched from 
their grasp. 

The coin toss turnf'd out to be the biggest burning point of the 
game, though there were others. Scripps gained the momentum when 
they won the toss of the coin . 

Merritt, the Baboon kicker made a mistake when he kicked off out 
of bounds . On the next try, he hit ;> low bounder that Charlie fielded 

Tritons Spike S'Western 
by Dave Eisen 

With the brilliant play of, Margi 
Schwartz, Tina Flammer, and 
Andrea Reylen, UCSD's women's 
volleyball sqLlad d ismant led 
Southwestern, 15-8, 15-4, here 
Friday afternoon . 

Before the match Coach Chuck 
Millenbah had said, "The pressure 
is really on us now. If we don't 
beat Southwestern, we'll just have 

to look forward to the upcoming 
tournaments. I think we' ll put it 
all together today, though." 

Needless to say, the c()ach's 
fi nal statement was quite correct. 
It took the Tritons less than 45 
minutes to stop a team that 
Millenbah said was " actually 
better than I thought they would 
be." 

Continued on P.se 7 

FREE CHRISTIAN SCIENCE LECTURE 
BY 

GEORGE LOUIS AGHAMALlAN, C.S.B. 
uMORE THAN A SUPERSTAR" 

8:00 P.M . MONDAY, NOVEMBER 4th 
Child C.ue Provided 

FOURTH CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIENTIST 
1270 Silverado St., h Jolla 

friday Flicks 
Dustin Hoffman in • 

LITTLE BIG MAN 
7:30 & 10:00 USB 2722 

Saturday Night Films 
two fims by Akira Karosawa 

New head coach Diana Dann is 
looking forward optimistically to 
a bright season . There are 
currently 20 girls on the squad, 
but only five are returnees from 
last years contingent. They in-
clude Terri Fowler, A division-
butterflyer; Julia Van Cleave, B 
division breastroker and but-
terflyer; Maury Bandurraga, B 
division backstroker ; Diana 
Ludwig, B division freestyler; and 
Debbie Zellensky, B division 
breastroker. 

The swimmers MUST be 
dedicated, because many have to 
work out at 6:30 in the morning . 
Coach Dann is extremely pleased 
with the motivation she has 
witnessed in the girls ' and also ' 
with their promising potential. 
However, she has noted that the 
team has no platform divers, and 
she stressed that if anyone is 
interested in it or has had 
·previous diving experience, they 
should come out for the team . 
Coach Dann also expressed 
optimism that the squad could 
improve upon last year's recor<:l in 
which it placed 6th in A division 
and 4th in B division in the SCiAC 
standings. 

Tritons Have "Greate Effort," But Lose 
• 

The tirst game belonged to 
Schwartz, who accounted for 
nine of her team's 15 points, with 
solid serves and spikes . UCSD ran 
out to a 10-2 lead before South-
western woke up to make the 
final score a bit closer. 

It appeared that Southwestern 
,never quite rallied in the second 

gam~, however, as the Tritons 
'scored the first five points, then 
nine in a row to build a com-
manding 14-1 lead . Flammer and 
Beylen combined for seven aces 
in boosting the team to a second 
win . 

RASH OMAN (7:30 & 11:30) 
and 

SEVEN SAMURAI (9:05) 
The UCSD Triton Water polo team played its most. brilliant game of in regulation time, with all of the Trion starters out due to foul s except Hull 

season against the UCI J.V:s, (UCI Varsity is ranked #2 in the nation), Alei. 
Tuesday night' in our·tftome 'pool. But the contest was also the Triton's In the first overtim~ period. UCI outscored Hull 3-1, work ing on the second 
heartbreaking as they lost in sudden death overtime. team. Hut UCSD came rig~t back in the second overtime period to knot 

In a game which' saw some outstanding individual performances by score at 9-9 
teams. UCI finally pulled out the game alter UCSD had rallied from With the crowd 'going wild, the two teams played a sudden death overtime 
deficits . iod . Finally, UCI scored to end the game at 10-9. 

UCI quickly, took the lead in the first quarter and extended it to 3-0 Despite the loss, Coach Gary Becker said , " It was the greatest team effort in 
the Tritons could retaliate with a goal by Corky (EI Chundo) Hull. This goal game th.is year." 
the first of seven by Hull, who turned in one of his best performances of Epitome of Frustration 
season . But the Antelaters scored just before the end of the first quartfl In last Friday's action , the University of Arizona Wildcats defeated the 
make the tiilly 4-1 . Itons 5-4 . The game could only be described as the epitome of frustration as 

In the second quarter, the game became extremely physical, with Tritions actually defeated themselves. 
gettmg goals from Hull and Joe (Cannon-arm) Miller. Also, Bob Alei Four of the six Triton starters fouled out during the game including the 
several spectacular saves in the goal and he limited UCI to only one goal in~"'''mi < leading scorers Corky Hull, Alan O'Hern, and Dave Dupuy. The 
second stanza, which ended 5-3 in favor of UCI. In the third quarter, . s took advantage of this situation to overcome an early disadvantage 
team scored once, but if it had not been for Alei, the Tritons would have Win the game in the last few minutes. 
blown out of the game. As it was, however, UCSD was down 6-4 at 
beginning of the last periOd, (only the third time all season they trail ed Dpspi te the loss Coach Gary Becker was extremely pleased with the per-
three quarters,) and the prospect of a victory looked bleak . an ce of the team against the tough Wildcats and was especially happy 

But Hull, with an assist from. Dave Dupuy, narrowed the score to 6-5 with the performance of the bench . 
fourth goal and moments later he scored again to tie it up. The game ended xt home I:ame IS Friday Nov. 13th agtlinst arch-rival SUSU . 

" As a team," said Millenbah, 
"We did a very good job. We have 
the talent to do this almost every 
game we just need to always do 
that well mentally . • 

" Individually, Tina, Margi and 
Andrea were doing a great job 
passing, serving and spiking, and 
Sue Papenek helped out alot too 
by setting well." 

UCSD continues league action 
this week hosting Mesa College 
Thursday. Next week the Tritons 
will travel to Mesa for a match 
Monday afternoon . 

During the interview, the topic 
of the new controversial skin tight 
swim suits in.evitably came up. 
Much to my dismay, Miss Dann 
nott?(i that our team will not be 
using the suits. However, the 
reasons for this are strictly 
financial. She expressed hope 
that possibly more funds ~ould 

.. ----------------------------. 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING 

s1'£~S N/~ON ~O~S~ 8~sre~ 
COWR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK ~ 

PENTAX, OLYMPUS, • KONICA CAMERAS.t LENSES 
LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 

INCLUDING 
KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES'SERVICE'TRADES'REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAV.S CAM.RA SHOP 
7717 FAYAVI: 
.... 73 •• 

.... Wlyout' 
aamlS·tIIrI 

. nP •• " 

Thousands of TopiCS 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-to· 
176'1)191, mail order 
of 5500 topics. <; ...... 
S 1.00 to cover postage f 
dilys delivery timel . 

519.GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE 1203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 
Our INteriM er, told lOf 
r_" PUrpDIII only 

"WOK OF THE WEEK" 

Curry Beef 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

CUISINE 

Beer and wine 
served 

10% Ditcount with 
UCSD Student 10 

I\MPU PARKING 
459-9142 
La Jolla Blvd. 

Recording L.P.s on Tape 

SONY 
TC-121 

COSTL V????? 
S129.95 
with 

TAPE 

Brought to you by SUPERSCOPE 
SONY'S ECONOMICAL 

CASSETIE DECK 
FEATURES 
Recording Volume 
2 V.U. Meters 
lim iter Pause 

loader 

$1.00 USB 2722 

ORIGINAL 

CARICATURE 
'IRON-ON' 
PATCHES 

FOR T .SHIRTS, 
SWU TSHIRTS, JEANS, ETC. 

Now you con ho". your COria 
catur . , your boy fr iend · s, 

girl friend's, husbond's. wlf. 's 
or child's drawn by on e of 

America's foremost c ar icature 
art i sts ... on S·· x 7'· whit. 
couon "Iron .. On" patches . 

S,mply send a PMoto9'OPM of 
pe rson or persons to b. drown 

With 0 check or money ord . r 
for $5.00 each. All pMotographs 
wil l b. r.turned _ MONEY BACK 

GUARANTEE , f you or. not 
ple~sed. COrlcature PQ'c~.s 

ar. rend. r.d In permanent 
Ink and are completely wash· 
Qb ~ •• Just ,ron on ony gorment . 

~ur carlca'ure may be copied 
by your loco I printe r to 

reproduce on cords, s,otlonery, 
. tc. Send order .odoy, for 

ear Iy retur". 

Eo,I ... 4 I, "Y , ..... t.,h e, , ..... , • .,.. ...... • 
check.r .... ft • ., ,fiI., f $S.OO .ech. WflM fte,..e.f 
,., .. " .. It. 1., .. ,.4.,. ,etch _____ _ 

NAME 
STUll ___________ _ 

CITY _______ nAn ___ ,-- ZIP' 

hie S Triton Timet ......... 1, 1974 



, 

1 

CoiK:erIs: 

Rondstadt at Tuesday 
It will never be in an artist's "To See You Again," "Silver 

best interests to display his or her Threads and Golden Needles." 
talents passively; to let success, She covered other songs, notably 
no matter at what difficulty it is "Willin'" (in which she showed 
attained, cause slothfulness.' .enough class not to replace "I See 

linda Ronstadt sang beautifully my pretty Alice in every 
Sunda~ at Tu~sdays in downtown headlight" with "My handsome 
San Diego, Without a doubt-her AI ," or something) and the Eagles' 
voice was warm and full, as one " Desperado," which reminded of 
expects It to be; there was none her association with that band at 
of the difficulty many performers the beginning of her career. 
have reproducing live the vocal But after she has managed to 
textures of which they prove reassure us of her competence, 
themselves capable on record. indeed, her excellence, 
She sang the songs her audience judgments have to be made as to 
seemed to want to hear: "long, her interest and involvement. 
Long Time," " Break My Mind," Ronstadt appeared tired, simply-

Concert Notes 
tired and somewhat bored. Her 
eyes rarely met those of any 
member of the audience, and 
behind the clear tones lurked 

som~thing of a mechanism . It 
would, at this point, be easy to 
comment on the draining nature 
of concert tours in popular music; 
yet it is hard to forget reading of 
the dancer Nureyev co llapsing in 
pain and exhaustion offstage 
between segments, only to leap 
nimbly, 30 seconds later, to the 
spotlight with a smi le. 

By Larry Deckel 
If you're looking for concert action this week you' ll have to turn 

to the small halls in ' San Diego , as the Community Concourse and 
Sports ~rena ~re not in the c.oncert picture this week . Personally, 
that SUits me lust fine, as the smaller halls seem to lend themselves 
to a better concert, acoustically at least if not in terms of como. 
munity. 

I'ye been mentioning concerts at Tuesdays, and yet some people 
seem confused as to where this new hall is. Located at 211 West G. 
Street ,. it's a c~nverted skating rink which apparently has good 
aco.ustlcs (see Linda Ronstadt review this page). This week's show, 
tOnight and tomorrow is Steppenwolf. Sons of Chaplin, and 
Mahogony Rush. 

San Diego State's Back Door has a couple of shows this week : 
November 2. Natural Acts, starring Jack Tempchin, Marc Turnbull , 
Robert Jeffries, and friends at 7:30; and November 5, Rahsaan 
Roland Kirk & The Vibration Society for two shows at 7 :30 and 10. 

Again, it's a little early, but let me wet your whistle in pointing 
out that the Paul Winter Consort will be coming to UCSD November 
9. See next weeks column for full details . 
. As for this weeks historical context, we have birthdays for Gordon 

Lightfoot today, Keith Emerson tomorrow, Lulu on Sunday Art 
Ga~funkel. on the 5th , Joni Mitchell on the 7th, and Roy Wood' (see 
review thiS page) and Bonnie Raitt on the 8th . The 4th marks the 
death of Mendelssohn in 1847,_ and the 6th a deathdate for 
T chaikovsky some 46 years later. 

November 2 marks the day the Beatles played for the queen in 
1?63, and November 3 saw wedding bells two years ago for Carly 

'Slmon and James Taylor. I want to hold your hand. 

And Ronstadt, after her first 
song, chanced to mention that 
she and her band had just dined 
at Anthony's, and that she felt a 
little stuffed . Sympathy is dif-
ficult. 

However, I should admit that I 
enjoyed the concert, especia lly 
her version of "You Can Close 
Your Eyes." Her band was out-
standing, particularly guitarist-
pianist-bassist Andrew Gold, who 
was able to get away with ap-
pearing on stage dressed like a 
fool by playing his instruments 
well, and Kenny Edwards, whose 
pedal steel was everywhere. He 
added a whole range of sound, 
just through man ipulation of 

Continued on Pille 7 

Art is Popping Out AllOver 
ART ZA POPPIN is here again ! 

Festive balloons and banners wi II 
herald Art Za Poppin , th e 
community arts festival spon-
sored by the La Jolla Civic 
University Symphony at Salk 
I nstitute courtyard , Sunda.y, 
November 3, from noon to 4 
o'clock. 

Sounds of music will ac-
company guests as they view 
exhibits of paintings, sculptures, 
ceramics, weavings and many 
crafts displayed against the 
background of Salk Inst itute's 
dramatic courtyard , The La Jolla 
Civic/University Symphony under 
the direction of Thomas Nee will 
play classic favorites . Other 
musical ensembles include Mike 
Smith's stage band, a UCSD Jazz 
ensemble, Country Fiddlers, a 
rock band, and a group of folk 
si ngers and musicians. 

UCSD COMMEDIA TROUPE 
will enter' air with a co lorful 
Renaissan : 'i Italian comedy 

based on contemporary issues. of all types. They can folk-dance 
For c hildren of all ages there and eat to their heart's content. In 

will be a continuous puppet addition, many unique prizes will 
show, with Marie Hitchcock, be awarded lucky t icket holders 
puppet I~dy of San Diego, and through various drawings during 
Manbeth s apple people made the afternoon. Ticket donations 
from apples, corn husks, twigs,' are used for the benefit 'of the La 
dried . flowers! c reated by ' Jolla Civic/ University Symphony, 
American Indians to make scholarships and musical talent 
children's dreams come true. awards, ' 

Members of the audience can Admission is $1 .00 for students ' 
also view and purchase paintings, $2.00, general. For further in~ 
ceramics. sculptures, and crafts formation call 452-3229. 

Harold & Maude 
6:30 - 10:00 

The Producers 
8:15 

Ends Tuesday 

: ............................................. . 
• • i SAN DIEGO LEMON GROVE EL CAION KEARNY MESA: 
i alPll~ m1U~llrf: <t:~ 
• ANNOUNCES NOVEMBER 6.7.8&9 ' : 

GRAND OPENING SALE : 
; . 

• ~F APEX KEARNY MESA 4344 CONVOY ST. CONVOY VILLAGE • 
• 

• SALES RENTALS SERVICE : 
• ENTER DRAWING FOR FREE INSTRUMENTS • 
• • : WITH THIS COUPON AT ANY 4 LOCATIONS : 
: Al l MERCHANDISE TO BE SOLD AT DISCOUNT • 
• NAME • : ADDRESS $100 OrF ANY S 4.00 PURCHASE : 
: AGE WITH THIS COUPON : 
• PHONE NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO WIN : 
•••••••••••• ! ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Records: urry Deckel 
Musical Notes 

INTRODUCINtI EDDY AND THE 
FALCON.· 
RoW' Mtod~ Mu.nt. UnIted AtdIa. 

A 1tnI .............. ,. In the mu .... , 
III"-'an at IIII\' Wood. 

foIIowI"" the 0'" at hie m ...... , 
~. from ilia 11th,.... wilen he fIr.a 
eot a ... Iter and ..,... In a '-I bend 
oalled The f81_. tIvoueh -.I 
... nda at no ""'uta. Into The ..... and 
from t..... foundl", and 1aavI", the 
Electric Utlht om-tr.. tD fwm \lit 
another bend WIa8nI. all4l tMn mowI", 
Dnto a comp"taly .DID .Utum 
... ou ..... H Wood II n_ baaIc with 
Wi_rei and Introduol"" Eddy And The 
ftllooN. 

• If thIa _nd. lilt. mualcal NIl ......... 
.... ·._nto ...... ltnwyba~ 
...... album .... bewildering. wort .. 
.'" I'va '-d _tly. It' ••• rocIc with 
m_ tllen • little W. ""'-- In 
compoaI1Ion Ilf not In etruolu ... , TIlle 
do. erent the .Ibum .n lnatant _ -
-'bllity ....... rlffo .nd v_1a _ 
1m ......... .., .... nI ....... V.e ..... Ibum 
f.11a vary nat. 

Flat beeeu ... 0 .... thing. can only b. 
milked .0 f.r. W.·ve all '-rd the .n-
ceoton 01 theM tulMO many many tfm ... 
.nd thou.h theM hev. ...-rio, In-
.trum.nllltlon. thoy IKk the "neartty 01 
tho IMlproduct. A poor ImlUltlon 01 Eivi. 
will not revl.llz. • tune which EIvI. 
could .. ve IOld In 1 • . And w_. tho 
00",,' ... luet too lonll to' k_ from 
,.nlng monotonou., In the 10' ••• one 
WII.twO to th ... mlnuteo lone. but thee. 
run from thr .. to .hl mlnut • . 

Th. .Ibu m I. .tlll fun due to I,. 
fe milia rlty. and prob.bly moll.. fine 
party mulie. but I'm bewildered by on. 
chl.t I_u.. Why did Roy Wood .ven 
both.,? 

SMILEY SMILE/FRIENDS-The B •• ch 
Boy.. W.,.".,. Bnn. Record • . 

An Intor .. tlno ..... u. of two con. 
MCutlV' .Ibum. from .bout mlo.polnt In 
Ih. career of ona of tha meet Indlg.noue 
of Amertcan POll IIroupI, 

Smiley Smll •. con.lnl", hit ........ 
"Hero ••• nd VIII.,n .... . nd " Oood 
Vlbr.tlono:· merIIed tile III. turnilll lIoInt 
In tho mullo 01 Th •• _h 'oyw .. the 
focu. of thalr mual. turned _ from 
tho .... ch .nd Co/ltornl •• lrIa to .f. In 
"ner.!, A darine .. perlmant In vocal. 
for 1117. Smllay Smile pulll the vol_ .nd 
''''IIIemanlll 01 '''' , 'NCh 'oyw to the 
tilt In _... mu .. cal .urround ..... 
Lyrically.!.."! 01 t"'~m_ IIDOU ..... of the 

CAPRI ~=-= 
-== 'DEATH WISH' C().ooOf-_HlIIt 
CENTU.Y 1 .. '.g ...... 

'CAIAIIT' ~Jr: 
--.~--.• ".., .... CENTURY z "';:c,c:"" 
___ AI .IWII/II " .,., ... " 

'MODERN TIMES' • '0.'1<) 
.. 4!¥'III-"'!II' , .. , 

COVE &. ...... 1& It! ,... 
.......... -

'TAMARIND SEED~~, 
FINE ARTS 
'ATOUCHOF 
SWEDEN'IXI 

GUILD 
Tine Ru_Iln 
'ALLIN THE 

lEX FAMILV 'IXI 

1111 Oamot. P .•. 
274-4000 

1:311-1:10.'. 

m7l1th.I.D. 
_ .2lIII0 

KEN CINEMA •• _·111· ... 
'HAROLD ,lid MAUDE' 

CGoIII-

LA PALOMA 
Trauffaut'. 

DAV FOft NIGHT" 

.~ 

47'1 11t It. 
Enclnl1ll1 
.... 

I.t Foralgn FHm .......... 
011174 · 1:00 'DISCREET CHARM OF 

THE eOUROEOIIIE' 
7:00 

SOLANA 
'WHEIIE THE liED 

F IIOWS' 

113Acaela 
Solanol.ch 

7IJ.1711 

Sf • ... D o... .... ·m.II.1 .... ..... ......... . 
'LEOI Of 111_ 

If".." 1ioi*_lA / 
.... ....., If!l.'-!:L._ 

UNICO.N ~~'r 
'-_ ....... ' .... 1100,._, .. _ 

......... ::. .. _-

INch 80" ·aI ... -. the '"""- III Van 
Dyk. P.rtee an arlin WIIoon -'Y l1li..... the ..... m Into • .., III POll 
.............. WhIII_ rtoIt In fun wtth 
tu_ ouch • H ...... GoI", ...... the 
......... at ......, ___ In .... 
..... aoyw ... _ ......... wtth 
1tr8I .. III "GenIng hu ..... fir lIlY IdnII Of 
wo,.. ... " 

FfIonM.,..... _ ....... __ 
a _turlty at ...- In ........ ~ and 
.... --.. at the _Ie "nil __ -
...... II4I,.......a .............. 1ItIo and 
1ovI ... IIttItu*. ". ...... II NIfIIoIId In 
the _ ............ woaaII ...... 
allum. ' 

p ..... _ III tile ........ ...... 
,,_1Ir fir the .................. liar-
mo .... nd ....... u"'_ Of 
collltNcltlon ....... ___ two ____ 
___ .. ,.., ..... '" _ • .aII aoyw 
...... The .................. IIIUIII fir 
._h __ '-- wtIo _ .. _""" 
USA when __ ....... fIrot I8IGhad ... 
_rei rwk .. 

ODDS It SODS·"'" MIrto. MCA ..,.. 
A collection of prevlouoly ~ 

tr.ck.by T .. Who. Odda and Soda ... lUI 
UIII .nd downo. Compiled by John En-
tl.t .... neI with -.Ioting II"., notoe by 
Peter Townohend. Ihle album fI .. out 
.nothor JIguw pi..,. Into the com-
POlltio ... 1 work of Tho Who. 

IlUlllacttllltif 1111. album cam. out by 
• no· ... m. IIroup. the materiel for the 
moat P." would b. eona/dered too trlvI.1 
Or cllch. to "-nl. .ny .... 001. con. 
.I ..... tion .• nell,· ... ay to _ why much 
of thl. m.teriel w.. rejected from 
previoul LP •• nd loft to .. thor duet, 

Non. tho 1_. In torm. 01 hletorlcol 
eontut. the .Ibum d_ hev. It .... lua In 
flliine In mo .. h ..... In the work 01 TIM 
Who.nd P.,., T_nohenclo Inf", .. _ In 
compooition • • nd continued playl ... 01 
the .Ibum d_ IIln _ • foothOld Into 
loma catch. If "mpllotlc tu.... P.,-
tlcularly ap_II ... I. t ... rouP ...... '" of 
"Pu ... nd EolY." ...... ,... In fowor 01 
T_nehand·. ull"" It for hi. aoIo .1IIum. 
• p ..... nt John EntwIetIa 10"" .. tided 
"POItcard." and • __ about Gourde 
from the banel. cruy -'«Nt "N_ I'm • 
F.rm.,." 

And moot I..,.,..tl",. _... tu ... 
hove ..... c rtffa and phl'-P .... wNch 
w... r.flect.d In I.t., .. corded 
Qu.drop"nll end Tommy, Would YOU 
.......,. tile dOlI", lyric riff In "Olow 
Olrl'·--" I1· •• girt. Mrs. W.,k •• ". ••• It •• " 

The world 
you see 
itepends on 
the news 
you get 
Is your world narrow. nat 
and uninteresting, 
warped by olher people 's 
opinions, uninspiring? 
You may need The' 
Christian SCience 
Monitor - the 
international daily 
newspaper. 
All kinds of people - as 
unlike as Senator Barry 
Goldwater. Madame Mao 
and Walter Cronkite -
read the Monitor for a 
clear. unbiased. hopeful 
view of the world, It's a 
crisp. perceptive 
selection of significant 
news and useful features. 
Try it. 15e on your 
newsstand or news rack. 
Or call 222-4383 

DiE 
CHIUSTIAN 
SCIENCE 
MONITOR. 
tor a frelh look 
at the world 

Ask for 25 ~u 
Collqe Discount 

Saga .... 
Continued from pale 5 

Water polo .... 
Continued from PAl. 5 

This i§ not to say that Jimmy 
was off target, he wasn·t . The ball 
was there, but alas so was a 
Scripps defender. Rondstadt • • • • Unbeknownst to the Baboon 

defenders, Charlie was circling 
behind Phil. Phil spotted Charlie 
while still in the air , Before 
coming back to earth, Phil flipped 
the ball back to Charlie . Charli~ 
scored without a hand being laid 
on him . 

Jimmy didn't think so. Back 
came the Baboons. They too 
showed they were able to put a 
drive together. In the waning 
minutes of the game they drove 
to a first down inside the Scripps 
twenty . 

Scripps had stopped the 
Baboons! 

Continued fronI PAp 6 

dynamics and long. smooth 
tones . 

Tuesdays itself is a concept San 
Diego needs desparately-it can 
only hold 3000 people, but its 
management is bringing in acts 
that would be able to draw many 
more bodies, including Sha-Na-
Na, Dan Hick!>, and Rory 
Gallagher. An interesting con-
cept. In addition, Tuesdays' wood 
floors and low ceilings are much 
nicer to music than concrete . 

Also , there is something 
plea§ing about fir§t detecting the 
smell of something burning, and 
then having Ronstadt reassure us, 
"It's only a pizza in the oven ." 

The two supporting acts, Clover 
and Dalton and Dubarri, we're 
both vaguely offensive, Clover in 
their general lack of competence 
(except in a song "Don't Say It, 
00 It, Get Into It." which had 
some great percussive si nging), 

,and Dalton and Dubarri in the 
whole nature of their very sli~k 
style. The rage seems to be big, 
fuzzy chords on shiny guitars 
using someone else's 
progressions, double leads using 
someone else's riffs, and Doobie 

Brothers~sque vocals. There is 
nothing original about Dalton 
and Dubarri , from their music to 
their lyrical sexism and proudly 
displayed paranoia ("Forget 
about that undercover man, and 
just boogie," they chanted . The 
people the 'undercover man' 
rppresents would like nothing 
better for all of us to mind-Iessly 
: boo~ie'-it is better than daring to 

Ue useful, hence threatening to 
them' ).It IS probably indicative of 
the desperation of rock audiences 
that we will probably hear more 
from Dalton and Dubarri. 

The crowd went wild. Scripps 
was on the verge of an upset. The 
score now stood 12-8, in favor of 
the upstart Semen. Surely they 
weren't destined to win . But then 
again maybe they were . 

But then the Semen of Scripps, 
arose and shutoH Jimmy, On two 
beautiful defensive plays the 
Scripps defenders knocked the 
ball away from their intended 
receivers . 

The Baboons desperately tried 
to get the ball back, but failed as 
Charlie. now playing, at quar-
terback drove the Semen to 
midfield where the clock expired, 
and with it the Baboons. 

It was a game that will be 
remembered . Scripps, with it's 
first victory over the Baboons in I 
don't know how many tries, and 
Jimmy, losing for the first time in 
two years . 

Harry Partch's THE BEWITCHED 
An evening of Dance - Theater Satire with the composer's exotic instruments 

San Diego State University Nov. 7,8,9 Recital Hall Music Bldg . 
Nov. 13 (tentative, in Montezuma Hall) 

for more information 
$3.00 advance tickets at the Recitat Hall call 286-63031 or 286-6020 

DON JUAN IS -BACK - -
- - AND WE'VE GOT Him! 

CARLOS CASTENADA'S NEW BOOK 

GET' YOUR COpy HERE TODAY - - (wh'ile the~ lost!) 
. \ 

Continues the teachings of the fabulous Don JUQn -----

TALES OF POWER 
AND DON'T FORGET CHRISTmAS IS COmiNG! BOOKS ARE STill YOUR BEST GIFT BUY-

umvrulTY 

~ 

f:]2l.:::::·iC :::::.~ 
8(Q1TOR( 
IIMmtIWI CAMII 

D'I'II:N8ION I'l'1O 

., .. .. , ... 

• 

lovely to look at. Informative, of losting Interest ond value. 

(ome in ond browse while we stili hove 0 wide selection 
of beautiful gift volumes on a greot vQr;e~y ~~ ~~I~~~ctS. 

University Bookstore Gift certificates available-
6ankamerlcard welcomel 



--~----~--------.what's happening------~ 

open -'lne for In-
oIub "*y Nov. 1. 

17'..1"-:. P.M. (~.t A .. GO C. 1"11' 

ft. for .11 Tr ..... nd ..... 1 
........ ,. MOft. Nov. 4. 7 .. M In ThIN 

Donft .... "OOift I .......... 
.... on ......... CeIftIIuII .. 
J_ ..... __ or~_ 

ar."'-tIoI.. ......ne for DINrt· 
--' ....... '.loaIoIoeY _ T-. Nov" U. In Muir Deen·. 0ttIae. Tw. 
oou... wei etuIIy .nd ...... the 
......., .... 'IMfttL " .. nnot ettend. 
188ft .. me. plio .. It .nd dept you 
would Ilk. to review. 0.,. Otftoe 412· 
.., or ...,. 111/1, 

notices 

The UCSD Poetry Journel .lnvI. 
M ... I In eny 

dl.lect. or form I. being 
Icctnll ... ed. Send typewritten poem • • 

• dd_ end phone tt. to 
J oumal code C-CIDI. no leter 

Nov. 15. No ~nu.crlpt. wt" b. 
... turned. A non·proflt orgenlatlon. 
1'11 /111 

for sale 
Tlckata to All-Cal Winter Carnl",,1 .t 
St .. mboat Spring •• now on .. I.: Rm. 
20. Rec. Oym 111/1) 

Pu .. eot U().I Blcyc" 21" Fram • . 
B .. utlful Condo Almoat N_. M.ny 
Dtree .'2D-Call Tad 715-1'151 n1/1) 
OIBSON GUITAR. ES1211. full body. 
.Ingle pick UP. bMutiful WII ..... 
211 __ • 111/., 

T .... lnatrumente SR..,. • . W. can bt 
• ny II.tad prC .• dlvry. win 4 dye. 1 yr. 
gu .... n-,. Call B.rt 412· ... 111/11 

SR· to. Ilk. _ with recharger only •. 
C,II B.rt 412·" 111/1) 

L .. 11e modal 7ftJ! 200 _n RMS & 110 
_tt p .... mp ped.1 IWItch axc cond 
.700/baat otter 211.-01 111/11 

Lange .kl bootel g,..t condition D · 
c .... nt .upport. .. or beat offer. Call 
4Q.2131. Aak for P.t. 111/11 

KNEISSL WHITE STAR SKIS b ... nd 
new. 201 cm. .'211. C.II P.t 412·'" 
111/1) 
211" NI.hlkl Olympl.d 10 epd. Qk. 
r.I .... huba. simp I.x der. .1111 Call 
Bran .t 412·12111. 111/4) 

Muet Sell-UPRIOHT PIANO""75-Call 
P.t .t 412-0IIII 111/11 

• For S.Ie: Ski Boote 121p W.rm upa & Ski 
P.nte. C.II -.s712 or ...... 111/11 . 

Canon Ftb with F1 .• I.ne. axtru In· 
cluded. plu. can .nd slid. copl • . Beat 

. offar ovar .'80. C.II Roger .t -.1124 .~ 
nita. 111/11 

Kn.I.1 Blu. St.r Ski ,. cm. 
w/Soloman Ii02 binding • . Humanlc .kl 
boota Lad~· '. Ca. D.na .t 412·12111. 
111/11 

Ski. I Br.nd _ K .. tI. CPM Spaclel. 
originally .,110. now m or beet offer. 
Stlllguer.nt ...... Ieo Atomic •• Flacher •• 
H.rt. C.1I4I:l~1I2II or _ D.v. R·1OMulr 
Apta. 111/1) 

raleca.ter. blond.. m.p" nk. mint 
cond.. W/ h.rd .h.1I c... .230. 
negoclabl • . Fred 7l1l-I1111. 111/11 

WANTED: , romb_ .nd SexOp~ 
IT.nor. AI 0 .nd Flut. pref.rr.dl 
playar. to c o",pleta Horn Section for 
Working LOt ... 1 B.nd. M.terlel Includ .. 
Tower of Pew.r. Stevl. Wonder. Earth 
wind .nd F,. Itc. Fu"y J.zz Rock. 
Pi .... c.1I e.71i311 for further lnof. 
111/11 

CAlCULATOR·Bowmar MX·1oo; 1 mo. 
old full function.; only " .00. Prlvat. 
party 282·7031. (11 /1, 

Surfboard •• ft. long · .'11.00. 412·"1. 
111/1) 

ltuclan. I"...... In ........ In-
fonMlly tID ..-u. eIooholam ..... hoI 
addIcdon. end reIe.... preIt....... .. . 
Robart. ..... Could lie an eatlvllIt 
lrouP. ,11111 

NCR C....,.uon to be 1ntervt.w1n8 on 
08 ..... Fri •• Nov. 1. Dnll'rooeaaIne 
Dlyl"on In I.n DI •• o. IHIIln. 
Itudanta with IA CcNnPutar IoIonoa or 
Math. WlH I....",... Dee. or ..,.,..... 
.,. .... only. -..... end Info et 
ear..r ............ _ H .... 11111' 

UPJOHN COMPANY w.lll hev. 
.....-........... Mondey. Nov. 4 to 
.....",... tor P .. _tIoeI ...... A 
In .'o·ac:I.nc.. Ch."".try. pre-
med/den ... Other ""ore with • ply. 
ulftl of bloloev or .. turel aoIonoo. 
Appta..nd Info at C- Plannlllll._ 
H .... 111111 

THIRD COLLEOE SENIORS who Dpeet 
to gradUllt. In F .. I. Winter. or Spring 
wtn lINd to fI.. .n U ndorgredUllt. 
D .. ,.. Application with the AcademJc 
Advlalng Offlca. S .. Vl'IIlnie Ortuno . 
MC 412 Room 11 PI_ fll. by 
November 11. 111/111 

ENTERTAINMENT: Th. M.t.orlt •• 
Fourth·lt. will ba 'Pp_rlng .bova the 
tll.cov.ry· M.taor PI.za Sun. nit • . 
Coma .t ' :30 for. fine .how. 111/11 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASH?P.ylng TOp Dollar 
for your U.S. Silver Coine Mlnt.cl 
befora 1 • . Ken 412·13211. Ip11/27) 
UCSD Oc.enld N.wcom.,. group 
need. occaslonel bebyalt1ora. PI_ 
eall ~rIIne P ..... 11,... Alma Col .. 4D-
8813 for Information. Ip11/11 

N .. d Kluet,.tor for .tud.nt pemphlet. 
Soma •• d.p.nd.nt upon funding. Call 
Bob.275-eo. Eva. 111/41 

RIDE to S.n Fr.ncleco/Borkalay ar .. 
w.nted •• ny wknd In Nov. Will .ha,. 
ge./food/drlvlng. Fran ~. Elle •. __ 
7021. 111/11 

personals 
D .. r D.f. Dumb .nd Bllnd·l .. va the 
.t .. mrol .... blu .. It home .nd Iet'. go 
out for ... aklne Robblna Ice cr .. ~. 
conll-The. P.rfect • . 111'" . 

.bon·t I.t the P.rad • . pe .. you by. 111/11 
Jumpln' Banenaa CaP. It I. going to b. 
long .nd "rdl Coma Qulckl ... Tha Lad. 
111/11 

K. Star·C: Further lnetructlone. I found 
my decoder. M .. t by B·14 to gat the 
new modal. M. A.tar 111/11 

C. Honey: I think I'm In lov.1 IDon't 
worry Mom. I can hendl. It.I V. 111/11 

Cindy. your Inc_nt .tudylng I. 
running m. up the wall. How .bout 
ltudylng tog.ther·M.rk 412-1023 111/11 

L&M·Bon Annl"",..I,. .nd H.ppy 
Foravarall Cathy I.nd. of cou,.. Dle-
BECAUSE YOU DOli 111/11 

s.ndy. R.ndy .nd M.rty: I'm lorry. I'll 
naver m.ntlon your drug .ddlctlon. or 
d .. llng .... In. 111/11 

J ·12 ... I .. w you typing th.t paper !eat 
nita. M.O. 111/11 

BEBE·H.ppy 4-y .. r .nnlve,..ry. In 4 
mora w.·11 b. marrlad If I cen get you to 
LM V ..... Lov •• L 111/1) 
ti~LEN . PI .... enme bllck. I proml .. to 
.top fooling around wtth the dog· 
HARVEY 111/11 

C .... ro~1 L· lf I hed no bralne would 
you Itlil lov. ma? ChemM 111/11 
Mr __ 1'-. .r. ,...u 
. , -' ... ~ ~':."_ . _~ .,'" .tIt" a new .r. 

of good. epeckled wfth th_ thlnge 
which m.k. the good bottar· 
Tv...., .. r 111/1) 

Avanglng Chick. StOp dletrectlng me In 
2D & 0.,. Y. _nt me to lie dumb. 
woman? .rren·. P.I 111/11 

P"OTIITANT WO ... HI .. SERVICE tHe 
Iu ..... 10 &m ... t UnIvwaIty &MthenIn 
Chu ... ", _ u JoIle ........ Dr .. wtth 
ndItIoneI Communion lturw .nd 
aannon ....... So,.....,., N by Cam .... 
Pelt .. John Huber. 0"" to ail 111", 

WrllllIII ClnIc: Help wtth 0..".. .....,., 
pr ......... aoholerty .".... etc. ,. 
ttL. 412.aD. 1111271 

A trent from .... Ituftnt eo.op ... 
.................... fNed ........ GII 
.... cALPI .. a poII1Ioal ..,.,... GIl T..,. ... eo .... atu .. end Crwven IUCSD 
• ............. ,. PIok youra up I..., .. 
tt .. eIectIonl In .... 2nd ft_ 01 .... 
atudent ....... 111/11 -

ATTENTION AU, lTUDE,.,. WIn_ Quarter .... 1atretIon peak __ In .... 
moll" you do not raoolve your PIIOket 
In .... me. by Wed .... y. Nowm ...... 
p'- com. to the ....... ,.,.. Offtoe. 
MC 101 to pick It up. 1"/41 

VETERAN8-·The ... I. now • Student 
Organization to rep_nt you. If w. 
ean help you or you c:en h.,p UI. drop 
In. VETCOAUnON. STU. ORO. BLDG .. 
Rm. 211. 412· .... 111/', 

Blo Chem Clinic · Mon.· Thura. 2-5 & 7· 
10. Fri. 2-11. Sun. nit... Muir 2B·21 • . 
111/271 

BJ & Co .. Without you Arnold would 
put m. under • • ff.ta Int.llectu.1 Snob. 
111/11 

Donne. The thought of you I •• '-YI 
running through the beck of my mind. 
D.mmlt. Pete 111/11 

D .. ; D.r·HAPPY NOV 31 YEAR 
ANNIVERSARY. I'm STIU, madly In 
lov. with you. LOVE. LRO 111/11 

O.llont MC. Refer to the N_ 
T .. tam.nt I TheN II: .... DB PS. I will 
NEVER rep.nt (11/1) 

ROCKY: for .. I. on. bitch I. b.ck 
roomata contact H.y.. at 4211-4217 
111/ 11 

SUD nne. You',. cut •••• coote Inoot! 
And You .Int bed to boot. Love. VI.n .. 
111/1) 

To B.rb WIn. Orape··W. called to wlah 
you. H.ppy Birthday. but w. get tired 
talking to ou,..lveall H.ppy Birthday 
.nyw.y. Lov. from your ·_ .. tNa· ... 
111/1) 

KAH Hoppy Birthday tomorrowl Now 
you·,.21.o 1t· •• N d_nhlll. How .bout 
c.lebratlng? LOOP 111/11 

Sw .. t M.,ody: Love your big blu. ay ... 
O. 111/11 

DAILY H.v •• HAPPYI E",oy It with m • 
Lov. Alw.ya Your DAILY 111/1) 

Speclel thank. to th_ elr.. who 
compllad to our nota. Love. Fourth 
Floor D.ng""" 111/1) 

Moon Child of Wyoming. The delec· 
tatlon of t .. dey. can only b ... c.r· 
talnad In the fI .. tlng glancu from the 
orb of your pulchrltudinoul coun-
t.nance. Hoping thet t .. entity of 
prurience Ie w.11 .... efled Illgglo 
glgg'" H.ppy Birthday .nd Hunk. of 
Lov. to our ICEBERO. ChrIM_ .nd 
M .. Hefner. 111/11 

My favorlta Scorpion. Happy flm 
Innlva,..ry. Joe. PW 11,,,, 

J .M.S_t·Eat your lunch .1_Your 
f.ne R. Ru .... ·Up Your Indlffarenoe 
Curv.H.wkwind 111/11 

~~~a. Mitch. M.rk. Paul. Keith. 
D.rryl. Mlk •• Bill: HI. The 81toh la beok. 
111/11 

T.C.·Happy .Irthd.y. aklnnyl Dec. 2. I'll 
ow. you .nother ~P.ck.·Wend __ 
111/11 

Stuffy· Happy 11th blrthcIey. lay hi to 
L.A. for me. Scruffy 111/11 

A ... of .... Muir IenIora who have 
......... thalr Candldecy for Fell 
Oreduetlon ... ___ poated luet 
outalde .... Muir Provoat 0ffI-. P ..... 
make certain your _ .. on thIa IIat 
111/11 

CATHOUC MAla with Fe .......... 
Campbell end Ed D.,.oven .. held at 
UCID I1udent Comer on lundeya, 
10:11 &m.. end et UnIwNIty Lutheran . 
Chunth et 1:11 .. m. .... • p.m. 
Waloome. '''''' 
HOW WIU, YOU van ON NOVE ..... 
ITHm NIID MOM IIIIfOIIMAlIDN 
BlFORE YOU DlClDI1n CWI1l .. 
UNDIRGRADUATI U.RARY HAl AN 
ELICTION DISPLAY WITH 
.ACKa .. OUND ON ITATE AND 
LOCAL CANDIDATII AND 
PROPOIInONI. COME .Y AND 
CHECK IT OUT. 111/41 . 

Dr. Ju.n Ygu.rebld.. Aa.oel.t. 
Prof ... or. D.p.rtm.nt of .Iology 
UCID· FlorMc.noe Sp.ctro.copy 
Stuel. on the Confirmation and 
Dynemlc. of Biological 
M.cromoi.cul.. .nd M.mbr.n ... 
Friday. November 1. 1174 .t 2:00 p.m. 
Room IDII. Bealc Sclenc. Building. 
111/11 

SEX CLINIC: CounNIlng on S.xual 
Prob"m.. Wade. 3-11; R.vel.. coun-
..10 ... Offlc.lnNr the Provoet Offlca'. 
Judith Jorge""n M.D.; Hugh P.t .. 
Ph.D. 111/27) 

M .. tler Man of Suit. 200; YCMtf ......... 
lu.t m.dlum rar.. Signad. Your 
dynamic dinner duo. 111/11 

Mlk . .. .I.ter ... K.,.,...111 11 I 

nousing 
Roomata _ntad. own room. own 
bath •• 11 uti. Plld .,11. 13714 M.ngo. Dal 
Mar wkdeyl .tter 4:30. Apt. 2211. 111/11 

HOUSEMATES WANTED: One room In 
pluah. ap.clou. Enclnlta •• pt.. Dec. II. 
.slng .. t74/dbl. "".'0 111/11 

Av.llebl. now. Rm In Unlv. City. S ..... 
.71 Own rm. "'.IID. plu. utll. C.II 1180-
4741 todey. 111/41 

Fm. Rmt. needad to lhe,. condo 13 bd .• 
1% bethl .. 1% mil .. from UCSD. O.n_ 
Highland ..... .a. or 4Q.8331. 111/11 

Av.llebIoIMMEDIATELY: Lrg • . hR. '" 
pate okay. Own rm. poaelb ... M or F c.1I 
.... 3413. 111/111 

Hou .. mata naaded for own room In 
Pleymor Condoa .• ,oo/mo piul utll. 
Prefer .. rlOUI .tudent. noMmOk. r. 
~ av.nlng •. 111/41 

R.nt 1 Bdrm unfuml.had Apt. nNr 
oc .. n In N. P.clflc B .. ch . • 'l1D/mo • 
Iv.llabl. Nov. 3. B.cky . ..... 128. 
avanlng •. (11/11) 

lost & found 

LOST: 1 pro Top-.lder deck .h_. 
br_n with tIM. __ 3Il0l 111/11 

LOST; Sliver opel ring I.t week al Muir 
tennl. courta or girl'. locker room. ~ 
."., B.""ra 111/11 

LOST: Or.n Aatroturf carpet by 
mlteor hall .... X 42" R_rd offered. 
Rm. 4Q2 or call 412-_ 111111 

Mlny unclaimed .rtlc'" .,. .t tha 
Student C .. ntar·PI.... clalml For In-
formation. call X4IDo. 111/11 
Loot Brown w., .. t/Mulr on Oct. 2I ... C. 
M.dley ... tum to T.T. office 111/11 

FOUND: .n .mber MCkleo.leftat perty. 
Sat. Oot. a. 213 ~:. :~. :.: M.r ... B,"," · . _. 
LOST: gold· colored wlr.· rlmm.d 
g ...... ; repaired .t hlng_ Call Steve 
~'111/11 

LOI1': Chula VlN HI Ichool cINe ling 
73. InI.1e JEO neer COIItreI Ubrery 
Tony 412-... 1 111/11 

LOST: Shoulder ... ful 01 book •• nd 
papara loft In van whI.. hltdl-hlklllll 
Monday. Joe -..,.. 111111 

lectures 
Frld.y. 1at Nov.mber. 1:00 p. III. 
Phlloeophy D .... rtment CoIloQulm. Dr. 
Thome. I .. bohm. Phllo.ophy 
D.p.rtm.nt. P.nneylv.nle It.t. 
Unlwralty. "111. lI.nIfIoIInoe 01 the 
.. DItfwenDohMt· tor the aremmer 01 
........ DIeIeotIc.'· .. ..,.. ... FonneI 
Lou ..... 111111 

There wi. be ...... ,. by tile ........ 8ft 
crNe aERMANO c.1.ANT on ,..., 
wenIne .. J;It In ................... 
LIHwy ....... ,..... ,., TIle .. 01 
......... ""-'de • en AMthedo 
........................ byVlauel Art& 
111", 

music 
UJS D.noel let. Nov. 2: 1 .... 1 D.n-
clng' Then rock to Nf.,.". Food. drl,* • 
Intrlgu& frl ...... t Inn oen ... 11,,,, 

Tldl_ .vellabll .t box offIoe end door. 
Studenta .,. Oeneral t3. Nov .••• p.m. 
Sherwood H.II. La JoIle . .,1", 

films 
A lubatltuta film. "Taking Off 
M.ak .... I ... t for thl. Sund.y. 7 
.tUnlv ..... ty Luther.n Church. Cell 
0lIl1 or ___ . 111/11 

LOST: Booit by O. Klaln-CULTURA 
OVALLE. ProI»abtv In C.ntral Ilk 
Sentimental ""Iva. R_.rd. Call ,. 
7315 ..,.nI.,... 111/11 

Loat: Lt. blu. coat. ebout 4 wk .. ,,0. 
.oftbeck book. "T_I .nd rhythmic 
prlnclp ...... Ratum to TT. 111111 

LOST: Blu. J.cket In Hum Ub two 
week. rgo. R_.rd·C.1I Annl •• t ~ 
1Z2I. The,. You. 111/11 

Loot·Bruce Orloff. Lob Notebook . 
"Cheml.try 3AL"written on front cover 
In graan Ink. Pi .... ralum on Bonnar 
H.II 2233 111/1) 

services 
O.chem. tutor .valleblo. Orad etud.nt 
needl ca.h. C.II BrI.n .t "nail. 111/41 
TYPIST. F •• t • centa per pag.. C.1I 1 
... 1Z72. 111/11 

C.n tok. _ "reon to Minn. or ', 
gener.I.,...Lva: 12/14 beck: 12121 m· 7., .ttar .. 111/11 
N .. d .omathlng typed? Call Carol: .,. 
11111 N .. 01I.b .. ra .... R •• OMbl.1 Dal 
Mar .r ... 111111 

RUSSIAN TRANSLATORS with 
.cI.ntlflc training required. Alao other 
lengu.g • . Fr.lonoe. Send rMume to 
ICITRAN. Box MIl. Senta Barbe,.. 
C.llfornl. 131 .. pl11/11 

UNPLANNED PREGNANCY? Con-
fidential cou""lIng. fr. p,.. .. ncy 
_tao .bortlon & birth control _let. 
BIRTH CONTROL INSnTUTE .... , 
Ip11/11 

TENNIS LEISONS; It.va ••••• tt 
Im.mber USPT~I. atudent ..... __ 
3711 Ip11/11 

Went to ............ ~ yOWMIf ...." 
AatroIow ................... --
_or ..... , .. ",. 

travel 

EUROPE.ISRAEL.AFRICA Stud.n 
fligMa .H .,..r round CONTACT: IICA 
_ UnI.,.relty Ave. ~11 ~n D,-!O~. 

~m. G;1. TlL:I7141 2117·1010 \2111 .. 
_ 1"'1271 

tU .. OPI. ISRAEL. O"IENT. Low coat 
ltudent fll.hte .11 yeor round. A.I.I.T . 
1431 I. u C ........ Ivd. Loe ......... 
... 17141 __ all or \21J1 ~ 
1"'1271 

ssw T...".. OffIce • ON OR: ..... 
EU .. OPE • NY C ...... _ ..... 
Cen1er 412'- 1~a:. M. ... 
1"'1271 


