
• 

by Frank uforae 
UCSD's Student Cooperative, 

culminating two meetings of 
debate, Monday approved the 
proposal that officially 
legitimizes it as the school's 
undergraduate student 
govemment. 

Friedkin Hospitalized For Six 
Months; Surgery Is Planned 

The document, essentially a 
constitution and ~etailing of 
procedure, was approved by a 
five to one margin, with about 
50 members attending. 

The only major change in the 
proposed document occurred 
when it was decided by a 28 to 
19 vote that graduate students 
be allowed to vote on non-
budgetary matters . The Coop's 
money comes from fees of 
undergraduate students only. 

Discriminatory 
Debate picked up when a 

motion to strike the clause 
requiring attendance of two 

Coop member tloles. 
meetings before a member can 
vote was on the floor. 

The motion 's proponents 
charged the requirement was 
discriminatory against off-

Continued on Page 3 

by Mark Woelber 
Revelle Provost Morris Friedkin 

is in University Hospital to un-
dergo remedial surgery for an 
injury he sustained last year in an 
automobile accident. 

Dr. Friedkin re-entered the 
hospital last Friday after X-rays 
indicated that satisfactory 
heal ing was not taking place in a 
pelvic fracture . Next week, Dr. 
Wayne Akeson, head of or-
thopedics at the hospital, will 
perform a bone fusion on the 
pelvis. 

According to Vice-Chancellor 
for Academic Affairs Paul 
Saltman, an assistant to the 

provost will be appointed to serve 
during Friedkin's five-month 
hospital stay. A staff member in 
the provost's office told the 
Triton Times that the selection 
process for the assistant may take 
two or three weeks. 

"Captive" 
Friedkin terms himself a 

"captive" administrator. He said 
he will continue to work on the 
conceptual end of his office's 
operations, but admits that the 
office is in a state of " flux." He 
said the assistant would help the 
Revelle provost's office maintain 
satisfactory representation on 
ampus academiC committees. 

Budget Increases Would Improve Ratios Here 
by Sara Lowen 

The proposed 15 percent i n-
crease in the University of 
California 's budget for next year 
will mean, most Importantly, an 
improvement In tudent-faculty 
ratios here, two of U SD's vice-
chancellors have told the Triton 
Times. 

Vice-Chancellor for Business 
Affairs Bernard Sisco stated that 
the proposed budget would add 
40 faculty members per increase 
in enrollment of 675 'students, 
lowering the student-faculty ratio 
to 18.25 to 1 from the present 
18.39 to 1 ratio . The student-T A 
ratio would also be lowered, from 
the present 50.55 to 1 to 47.76 to 
1. 

Next Priorities 
Vice-Chancellor for Academic 

Affairs Paul Saltman said that 
after improving the student-
facu lty ratio, the next priorities 
under the budget are improving 
graduate student programs, 
making computers mOre available 
to students, expanding the 
campus in a .physical sense 
(completing Third and Fourth 
colleges), improving P.E. facilities 
and making the library adequate 
for student needs. 

According to Sisco, $420,000 of 
the budget money would be used 
for the completion of Third 
College Unit I, $216,000 would go 
for the planning of Third College 
Unit II, and $191,000 would 80 
toward the planning of the first 
Fourth College unit . $117,000 
wou Id be allocated for the 
planning of a new gym, while 

$226,000 would be spent to 
complete the Mandeville Center. 

Both administrators feel that 
important results of increasing 
state monies would be main-
tenance of the registration fee at 
Its present level, and possibilities 
for new student services under 
the fee. Certain costs presently 
under the registration fee, in-
cluding student financial aid, 
EOP, and psychologica l coun-
seling, would under the new 
budget be paid for by the state. 

Sisco sees the increased budget 
as the first step towards 
alleviating shortages of past 
years, but added, " How much. 
catching up we do depends on 
what happens in the inflationary 
spi raL" While UC schools absorb 
a 9 percent inflation rate an-
nually, only a 15 percent rate is 

Little UCSD Business 

allowed for price increases over a 
two-year period . Sisco said that 
the money allotted to offset rising 
prices is never enough, adding, 
"We pull our belts a little tighter 
each year." 

New Govemor 
Commenting on the attitude of 

a new governor towards the UC 
system, Sisco said that the 
proposed budget increase in-
dicates that "the President (Qf the 
Regents) evidently feels that the 
new governor wi II be concerned 
about the University. Both 
candidates have indicated 
support for a strong un iversity 
system." 

Saltman doesn't blame 
Governor Reagan for the lack of 
money suffered by the UC 
schools in the past. He attributes 

UC Regents Meet Today 
The University of California Regents a~e meeting in general session 

today in San Francisco, with little on their agendd pertaining to 
UCSD. 

One item, involving the planned clinical facility at UCSD's 
University Hospital, increases planning, architectural and construction 
allocations for the facility from $5 million to $6.2 mi Ilion, as a result of 
a $12 million federal grant to the university. 

In addition, another proposed item would allow nursing trainees at 
Point Lorna College and students in the University. of San Diego's 
Allergy Environmentalist Training Program to use University Hospital's 
facilities . 

Also on the agenda is a proposal to provide UC faculty m mbers 
with either a 9.66 percent increase in salary and a 13.71 percent in-
crease in fringe benefits, or a 11 .62 percent salary increase t~at would 
match the combined effect of the two separate increases in alary and 
benefits . 

the 40 percent decrease 10 
dollars-per-student spent over the 
past eight years to "a lack of 
confidence in the University 

Paul Saltman 
system ." Saltman feels that 
people are now regaining con-
fidence' in the University, because 
of changes in its environment, 
internal and external. He ex-
plained, "The anger that existed 
during the Vietnam War is gone. 
Faculty, students and ad-
ministrators are working together 
.again." 

Saltman stressed the point that 
people must realize the n ed for 
more money for the UC schools 
In his words, " The UC schools al:!" 
supposed to be in the ame 
league with Harvard or Yale, but 
these schools have a student-
facu lty ratio of ix or v n to 
on, while UCSD' IS ap-

Continued on Page 3 

B of A: 83 for .Bad Checks! Pacific Coast: 5 % on Savings ! ... 
CAUPIRC, the tudent-run consumer organization , ha complied 

a I ist of San Diego area banks, detailing various a pect of their 
checking and savings accounts. Although most tudents probably 
have accounts at one bank or another by now, you may want to 
switch after reading the report, copies of which are available at th 
Student Information Center. 

For the sake of interest, a quick survey of the report how th 
following : Balboa, La Jolla Bank and Trust, and Mexl an-Amencan 
National offer free checking; Bank of America, California anadlan, 
Security Pacific National, Southwest, United California, and W lis 
Fargo offer combined ::>Ians with thing like afety dePOSit bo s, 
freE.> checking, overdraft protection and traveller' che ks, E.> urrty 
Pacific requires only S1 00 to open a checking a count, Bank of 
Am rica has the lowe t boun ed che k fin t S 00, and Paclfl 
oast offers 5.5 percent Inter t on aVlng, th high t rat II ted 

Ac ordtng to CALPIRG, th of Augu t, 1974 " 

Substitute speakers are ready to 
fill in at Friedkin's upcoming 
engagements, the most im-
mediate being a series of 
meetings with parents of Revelle 
students to be held in LA, San 
Francisco and San Diego. These 
meetings will be covered by 
former Provost Murray Goodman, 
Saltman and Paul A Libbey, 
chairman of AIMS, respectively . 

Friedkin said one of his con-
tinuing interests wh ile in the 
hospital Will be expansion of the 
Earth SClen r.:e program, along 
with other programs concom itant 
with tncreased enrollment. 

Another of hiS concerns IS the 
condition of Dr John Holland, 
Professor of Biology at Scnpps 
and a researcher In tissue culture 
and viruses, who was inJured thiS 
week In a motorcycle accident 
Holland is also at UnIversity 
Hospital. 

Enrollment 
Up 1000 

Over 1973 
by Hannah Cohen 

As of October 11, UCSD had a 
record enrollment of 8875 
students, 924 more than in Fall 
1973 and 1806 more than 1972. 

Ron Bowker, Dean of Ad-
missions for UCSD, told the Triton 
Times that this ye-ar 350 more 
students have been accepted 
above the quota set by the ad-
min istration because " they 
wanted the campus " He and 
others concerned felt that 
redirected students might not 
attend UC at all ; statistiCS how 
that redirected students rarely go 
to other campuses. The only two 
U campu es that did redirect 
this year were Berkely and DaVIS 

This year, as last year, MUir's 
3130 undergraduates were the 
largest number of all the campus 
colleges. Revelle enrolled WIth 
2524 undergraduate , while Third 
has 825 . The new Fourth ollege 
ha 453 undergraduate , mo tly 
fre hmen and ophomores . 

De plte the continued high 
Increase of undergraduat s 
ca'llpu Wide, the numb r of 
gr~duate tudent ha not lO-
r a d signlfi anti tnce Fall, 

1972 With onl 111 mor graduate 
tud nt thl year Bowk r at-

w"'P rt~ ntal 
rath r than decrea d 

In graduate work b 

Bowk r aid that U D I not 
e pen nctng the drop 10 th 
number of applicatIon or the 
{'nr 11m nt probl m and n uing 
ftnan lal problem other olleges 
ar p rl n In a ro th 
ountry 



Police Has·sle of KPFK 
by Chmes Heimler 

For eight hours last week Los Angeles policemen, 
armed with search warrants, ransacked desks and 
files in the newsroom of Pacifica radio station 
KPFK. 

The police claimed they were looking for the 
o ri ginal message sent to the los Angeles station 
from the "New World liberation Front," which 
claimed responsibility for the recent bombings of 
Sheraton hotels in los Angeles and San Franc isco. 

After the message was broadcast, police asked 
KPFK to turn over the original message. Stat ion 
manager Will lewis refused, citing a California 
statute that protects the confidentiality of news 
sources and information obtained from such 
sources. Copies of the message were made 
available to the police, however. 

last spring, l!ewis went to jail after refusing to 
surrender to pol ice and FBI a tape left at the station 
by the SlA containing the voice of Patty Hearst. 
KPFK made available copies of the tape. 

In both instances, KPFK's actions were not an 
endorsement of the actions of those delivering the 
messages . 

In both incidents, lewis argued there is no im-
plied pledge of confidentiality even to an 
anonymous source. And, we feel more importantly, 
he maintained that surrender' of such anonymous 
documents to the police would hinder the flow of 
information through the media to the public. 

The validity of lewis' contention that the sources 
statute appl ies to anonymous sources has been 

questioned . Some, including the los Angeles 
Times, argue that lewis has erroneously interpreted 
the statute w .... ich all consider essential to main-
taining a free press . 

But these arguments, however valid they may be, 
cloud the main issue arising from the search of the 
community-supported, :lon-commercial radio 
station KPFK, which has a history of presenting 
radical and independent news and programming. 

These arguments di smiss the fact that news 
sources are increasingly harrassed and that news 
which threatens America's social and political 
structure' is suppressed. Both these processes hinder 
the free flow of information that independent 
analyses of the news depends upon . 

KPFK is laboring to present the news without 
censorship, overt or implied, by the police, 
government or economic interests . 

The actions of the los Angeles police and district 
attorney in searching for an original message that 
lewis had stated was no longer in the station is 
nothing short of harrassment of a truly alternative 
medium which refuses to become part of the 
happy-talk, news-entertainment trend in news 
programming throughout the country. 

We should recognize this intimidation of KPFK as 
such, and then realize this same sort of harrassment 
will be aimed at any medium seeking to present an 
alternative to news pro~rams increasingly sub-
servient to ratings games, or whose politics aim for 
other than renewal of FCC licenses and ad con-
tracts . 

·WHATEVI. ILSI YOU PlND, I KNOW NOTHING A.OUT IT, O. a'OLOGIZI ,'OI ITI' 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-~t. 
1:45-5:30 
Closed Sun. 
233-6481 

of Topics 
2.75 per page 

Ser d for your up·to·date , 
176·page, mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1 .00 to cover postage (1·2 
days delivery t ime) . 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
. SUITE #203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our ma terials are sold fo r 

research pu rposes o nly 

BILLY COBHAM =I:'=" 
fO) Ff01l JtOT1.I'n) 

THI AVI.AG. WHITI BAND 
"'DAY OCT 25 9:00"' 

Ii COIITII Cc.-ftllTlOll elNi Ii • th. 8IACII 
TlCJ(fT/. fU llCI<£TROn OVT\£V·./lARJ"· HICiI-f.Jr()ER /1OR(/'. ~ <£mfR 

'MO ~. '600 IXXlR 

-{O)-
comnG ('0/. 6. R€T\Nl1D ~ uJIh Q«J!. COREA .. 

Pale 2 Triton Times October 18, 1974 

letter To The Editor 
To All Undergraduate Students Of UCSO: 

I· shall assume that if you ARE bothering to read this letter, you 
probably did not bother to attend the last Coop meeting, since less 
than 1 % of the student body did attend Therefore, you are part of the 
99% that mi5Sed the "railroad express" of the century. You didn' t get 
to see the three ring circus in full performance. In one ring there was 
the Budget/Resource Group, in the second ring was the Coop Model 
Building Committee and in the third there was a group of concerned, 
confused and disappointed s~udents . 

I 
I place myself in the third ring mostly because I am a new transfer 

student. As a member of this third group I am appalled atthe conduct 
of the Coop and its last four meetings . It was at this last meeting I 
found the real meaning of the Coop as a people's government. These 
"people" consistof a small minority as do most governments . Mv 
intention for this comment is to try to make people realize that the 
Coop Proposal has defeated its own purpose and also contradicts 
itself. 

The Coop Proposal is intended to let all interested students at 
UCSD run their own government. This does not seem to be the case 
since the Budget/ Resource Group combined with the Model Building 
Committee railroaded through the approval of the Coop Proposal , for 
the sake of expediency amidst total confusion . I feel that after ap-
proval of this proposal by a vote of 30 to 5 was made, the students 
have again been handed the bureaucratic system under the name of 
the people's government, the Coop . 

As the Proposal stands, five students or rather less than 'h % of the 
student body controls much of the money that you directly pay into 
the University; so if this is what you want, let it be, burl don't! 

I think that the Coop Proposal was not ready tor approval and some 
very valid changes need to be made. The "ends" do NOT justify the 
" means." 

Scott W. Northrup 

1222 Prospect Street 

454-8806 

Our Dill WITH JIWISH SOUL h.s a 13 paae 
menu - great to practlcr speed readl"ll 

I Thr Sandwiches you won't forgel .. even ,f 
want to Isnorr thr prrposition rod,ng, but 
won't be ablr to ignclfr THE MAVIN'S 
restaurant with a whole new experiroce in 
pleasures. 

We tumult from 8 in thr morn until 10 at nite 
(Fro . & Sat . n'til 12 or so.) 

• WORLDII 
COWGI _IIACII • 1071 ... JlJ' _ "U ~ .,.-. 

2J2SOU 197'.1. 'IJ.*' __ • ... _nn .... ___ ..... 
• •••••••••••••• 

by )MIa G. Soto 
The Muir Colleae Council will today appoint 

interested Muir students to represent the college on 
campus-wide committees and to fill the vacancies 
on the various Muir committees. Any interested 
Muir student should attend the meeting to be held 
at noon in the Muir Apartment lounge. 

Student representatives have already met twice 
but have only been in the organizational staae. The 

Another group important to Muir students, the 
MUir Curriculum Board, is composed of faculty and 
students. This group is responsible for !lny changes 
In the academic programs at Muir. Students in-
terested in the Board should contact Assistant Muir 
Provost Paul Chapin . 

An organization for students 23 years or older is 
now in organizational stages. The group is being 
formed in conjunction with Page One with the 
purpose of intearatina the older students into the 

The Muir Reporter A teature devoted elclulively to announcements and events 
concemina Muir CoIleae. 

Council is made up of six students and six faculty 
members elected by their peers. Five of the 
students have already been chosen, having been 
elected last spring. They are Linda Malke, David 
Perkins, Michael Scott, Alan Kremin, and Ron 
Norman. A sixth student will be appointed by 
Residence Hall students. 

The Muir College Council has S6000 to spend this 
year . Council member Alan Kremin said that this 
money is to be used to improve the academic and 
social life at Muir. Among the activities in the 
planning stages are an all-college picnic, a dinner, a 
symposium, dances, and, of course, the annual 
trike race which was very popular last year. Kremin 
said that this year the Eastern Tricycle Company 
may help in the promotion of the race and that 
plans are being made to make the race larger than it 
was last year. 

The Muir College Council' s next meeting will be 
Wednesday, the 22nd, at 4 P.M. in the Muir Con-
ference' room at the Muir Provost's office. The 
members of the Council have encouraged anyone 
interested in the activities at Muir to attend. 

college life at Muir. This year, there are 73 in -
coming students who are 23 or older. For further 
information about meetings, contact Page One in 
the Muir Commons. 

Page One, the Muir peer advising group, is also in 
the stages of organization but has been very active 
since before school started . Housed in the lower 
Muir Commons, Page One is primarily a service 
which attempts to assist students with any 
problems that they may have in dealing with 
college life. Whether it be problems with the 
University administration, classes, or housing, the 
Center, run by students, is a place where those with 
questions can come and get a straight answer. The 
Center would especially like to assist new students, 
whether they be freshmen or transfer students. 

Dean Jim Beckley reminds all students th inking 
of withdrawing from sc hool to see him before they 
make their final decision . Students who withdraw 
must see their college dean . 

Finally, the parking problem has grown acute, 
especially for Muir Students, but a new lot north of 
the 2A lot was opened in the summer with spaces 
for over 440 cars. 

Coop Proposal Is Passed Improvemen 
Continued from Pale 1 

campus students and minorities, 
the latter having so far shown 
little interest in the Coop. Those 
opposed to the motion felt the 
Coop was sufficiently accessible 
to justify the two-ot-three 

Debate 
CALPIIG director Dan 

franldin, alonl with the local 
head of the Shell Dealer's 
Association and a freelance 
maauine and newspaper writer, 
will face Ben Smith, Standard 
Oil's San Dieao representative, 
on a.annel 39 at 2:30 p.m. 
Sunday. 

The panelists will question 
Smith on "The High Prices of 
Gasoline" in a "Meet-the- Press" 
type fonn .. t. 

meetings requirement . 
The motion to strike was 

defeated 26 to 24. 

The meeting became heated 
when the debate turned to the 
relationship between the Coop 
and the Budget Resources 
Group, the subcommittee of the 
Coop that handles budgetary 
matters . Most controversy 
occurred over a clause in the 
proposal stipulating that the 
Coop have no blue pencil power 
over comm ittee recom-
mendations. 

A motion to strike the clause 
had -barely passed when a 
student moved to strike the first 
motion and reinsert the no-
power clause with minor word 
changes. After attempts to 
amend, and later to table 
failed, the second motion 
passed . 

In Ratios 
Continued from P .. ge 1 

proximately 19 to 1. The dollars-
per-student spent at Harvard and 
Yale are about twice as high as 
the amount spent at UCSD. The 
people and the legislators are 
going to have to realize that a 
good University needs strong 
fiscal support ." 

Spikers 
Continued from Page (, 

defeated the Tritons 2-1 last 
week . "The outcome will be 
different thi s time," promised 
Millenbah , "We' ll tear them 
apart ." 

Following Monday's battle at 
Palomar, UCSD will host South-
western , Friday October 25, in 
another league game. 

Roots would like 
. your next Wdlk to class 

to be a part of your education. 
We'd like you to 1earn a Uttle about your 
feet -why they work as they do, and why 
they don't always work as they should. 
Did you know, for example, that if instead 
of banging your soles about on campus 
concrete, you were to go strolling bare-
foot on a beach, two things would result 

I l ~ l--2~ 
FtrSt, your grades would drop. Sec-
ondly, your heel would make the 
deepest part of your footprint. 
ThIs Is because nature intend-
ed your heel to be the lowest 
part of your body. So in Roots 
your heel sits in the lowest 

part of the shoe. You immediately stand 
straight~ And when you walk, you use 
leg muscles you probably haven't used 
for years. All of this takes the load off 
other parts of your body, parts which all 
too often get overworked from incorrect 
posture. H you're wondering whether all 

this can happen in good-looking 
well-made footwear, try on a pair 

for yourself. 'One look should 
persuade you that Roots is 
much more than a beautiful 
idea. 
It's also a very attractive shoe. 

1211 ProIpect St. 
La Jolla, Calif. 
. 17141459-3611 

Low 
Blows 
and 

Cheap Shots 
Edward Simons 

Even a casual observer of television entertainment (sic) cannot fa il 
to notice that quite a few plots tend to resurface with sometimes 
painful regularity. This can be reassuring where d ifferent versions of 
the old classics are concerned. It's rather di sconcert ing, though, whe n 
similar plQts are found in programs that are supposed to be different . 

In an effort to put a stop to this, then, I propose a series of programs 
using the following plots . These will soon convi nce t he publ ic of the 
insipidness of the same plots they've been watch ing for years. 

"W..,he .. d" 
Twelve people are inexplicably a nd inextricably t rapped in the 

warhead of a Sidewinder m issile for th irty-s ix hours. Among the 
trapped are a defrocked priest, an hysteric m idd le-aged woman, a 
gri zzled ex-Marine Sargeant, an unwed mothe r-tcrbe, a nd a normal 
adult male thrown in for good measure . In the course of th is explosive 
(I couldn't res ist ) si tuat ion, t he priest finds his God, the matron finds 
her tranqu ili zers, Sarge shows his irasci ble wisdom, the unwed mommy 
suddenly remembers who it was, and the normal guy commits suicide. 
It all fa ils to make any difference because the missile explodes, 
di<tributing the twelve over tl)e greater part of the White Sands Proving 
Grounds . Happens e very week. 

"Garb<lge!" 
Tacoma's crack garbage team shows its stuff in this thrilling show. 

Sample d ialog: " He llo, Garbage 12! Th is is Central. Full can on corner 
of Henly and Sixth . Over." " Right, Central! We'll pick it up. Over and 
out." 

Not much on dialog but lots of action . "Garbage!" wi ll revolve with 
"Dead An imal Removal !" and "Tree Surgeon!" . 

"I W .. s A Spy For ... Somebody" 
Steve Musclehard, agent for someone to be establi shed later, is 

assigned to place a special Bullwinkle eraser inside the to il et paper 
dispenser in the third stall of the men's room in the southeast corner of 
the Kremlin . Needless to say, the fate of the Free World hangs in the 
balance. Steve soon learns that he is being duped by h is superior, his 
wife, the telephone company, two thirds of the ir agents and one third 
of ours . Also, his cabbie is taking the long way. Just as he is about to 
plant the eraser,' Steve adds it all up, comes up with nineteen, and 
fl ushes the eraser . 

He's nobody's fool. 

Enough said. If this doesn 't convi nce the public it's being set up, 
nothing will. 

Bitter, you say? Sure, I'm bitter. Here I am, tak ing a break from my 
karate term paPft~ • .and I have to listen to ~ tu b of marga~ .n~ try to 
convince som~ne it is really butter . And It succeeds! FlipPing the 
channel doesn '~rie.p', betilus.e I fi nd a h~use fu ll of I.'beral hicks fairly 
exuding warm humaness, or a cop covermg up for hiS pusher brother . 

Blast it ! Is there nO' shame? Why must I - and you - be subjected to 
comedians who are constantly tryi ng to prove they came from rougher 
neighborhoods, are more re pressed, were poorer, and more Jewish than 
other com edians? And then - then! - they ... what? What was that? 

Yes, Doctor . Another cup o f chocolate would be fi ne. 

MARINE AIR OFFICER PROGRAMS 

IF VOl! ARr: A 

COLLEGE St:. lOR or GRADUATE 
L;:oIDER 28 "EARS OF AGE 

PHYSICALLY A.'W MENTt\.LLY QUt\.LIFIED 

THE ~IARINES HAVE OPENING IN THF.IR 
"AI R ?ROGRJ\M" FOR YOL . l' YOt:' RF. 
INTERESTED , CALL CAPTAIN . ,SS 
NELSO~ . AT 293-5073 , RIGHl YERF IN 
SA:-l DIEGO . 

Pate 3 Triton Times October 1 •• 1974 



Art: Loring Spitter Blue Oyster Cult: Pearls or Swine? 
Somehow the word in print seems to speak a 

bit stronger than the word of mouth. In the case 
of editorials, someone's personal vieW8 seem 
much more substantial when appearing on an 
editorial page than when broUSht up over the 
dinner toble. 

"Buck Dharma" Roeser, a diminutive master of 
incredible, frenzied, powerful playing--especially 
on his clas~ic "Buck's Boogie." He restrains his 
insanity to the guitar rather than indulging in 
leather accouterments. 

exploded in frenzy. From that point in 
set, it was traditional BOC With 
menacing best and Buck soun 
meaner. By the time they came to 
26Z', even the most devoted fans 
with the level of excitement - and the 

First Year Graduate -Student 'Art Show 
The ceiling is too low, the 

lighting virtually uncontrollable, 
the walls .unmanageable and too 
hard for thumbtacks; did that 

. stop them (the valiant soulsH It 

activity she was engaged in at the ' (a fter the holocaust and all that and text of porno-literature 
(albei t mild) have to say about 
each other All of the key words 
are I nd icated (except " Por· 
nography is Sex" which may be 
the point when contrasted with 
'Sex IS Pornography'. ) All in all , I 
generally agree. Wh ile studying 
his photo of a half-str ipped 
woman (arms discretely folded), I 
would have sworn that it was an 
innocent Ultra-Brite ad if the 
surrounding text hadn't told me 
that it was a naughty fi fteen-year-
old girl (woman with a past) who 
was spilling out her guts to that 
fi lthy rag " True Confessions" 
(t ricky photography, tr icky mind). 

that people generate In their 
attC'mpts to ddlne their own 
private spaces Within very publIC 
environments (lIke the world, for 
Instance) That was affectively 
conveyed However, I was a bit 
disappointed (not much) by the 
fact that the diffused painting 
technique prevented the viewer 
from experienCing the actual 
physical relatIOnship (With the 
contents of the piece) that the 
new realism is meant to Impart 
Yet, if you carry Wolber's concept 

' through and acknowledge that 
the paintings are his 'private 
spaces', then the washed-out 
screen over his pieces must be 
conceeded to be the 'Signals' to 
keep us out of his territory (too 
bad) . 

In this 8ame naht, Review8 appearing in the 
Art, page often seem to reflect a 1m more than 
just one person', opinion. 

In 8iJq)le terms, it ,hould be obvious that more 
than one opinion on any reviewable conc.t, 
record, playaI' fBm con exist. In considerations 
of space, usuaDy only me opinion can be printed. 

It's no accident that "Transmaniacon-MC" 
(across all madness-motorcycle club) is the group's 
theme song just as "Cities Aflame with Rock and 
Roll" is their anthem, both of which were done in 
an extended' set since T. Rex didn't appear (Marc 
Bolan is ill in a Long Beach hospital). The 80C sent 
everyone home with two encores between their 
ears. 

of the firmest grips on the audience 
ever seen. (They were asked three 
back for two.) . 

The beginnings of the Cult lie in New 
where they played college and club 
inception in 1967 until 1972, 
down into the style in which they 
The phrase used most often to descri 
is "heavy metal"; historically, it's in t 

wasn't as if they didn't have a 
choice, either, because the first 
year graduate Art . students 
volunteered to put up the first 
show to be presented by the 
Visual Arts Department during 
this academic year. As an example of different !iewpolnt8 yleJdjng 

different impressions. we off. two accounts of 
/ast Sunday's 8Jue Oyster Cult concert, Qne is 
from regular TTconcert critic Tim Shipman, and 
the other from two zealous BOC ent~usiOlts, who 
wished to set the air clear about the g~'oup , as 
they felt the preview mfo in last Friday's TT was . 
misrepresentative. 

Anyway, I wasn't exactly inspired to commit 
murder after the show, but I did molest my cat a 
little bit. Unfortunately, the only thing inspiring 
about the lead~ff group UFO is that they record on 
the same label as Jethro Tull (Chrysalis). My first 
impression was one of a povertY-stricken glitter 
band who spent all their money on platform shoes 
and had nothing left for shirts. They are supposedly 
one of the top underground bands in Europe and 
the top band in Japan(1), but with lyrics like "she sat 
on my face" , I decided nof to take them . too 
seriously. 

hard rock and an offbranching of D§'lcll" Now you (the much sought 
after public) can pick up on the 
show, which is being presented in 
room 1260 of the Revelle Cluster 
Library, 12 to 5 daily through 
Friday, October 30. 

time of discovery than what the 
items themselves imply. Although 
the earth, bone, tools, feathers, 
et' ., are primative in nature, they 
are presented in a contemporary 
manner (plastic bags) , and 
labeled by the contempory 
(sometimes abstract) activities 
one would have to employ in 
order to encounter those items 
today. Altogether, a comfortable, 
cyclical presentation (if you skip 
the package labeled "fishing" ). 

"""" 
***** 

Reviewed by Jim Shipmiln 
It took 45 minutes, but Blue Oyster Cult finally 

admitted that they were " recording a live album 
tonight." From that point on, the local hams got 
more and more appreciative of the heavy number 
being perpetrated on them Sunday nisht at Golden 

••••• 

by Oiln Wiltson ilnd Fred Gillioway 

combines this with a morbid 
elliptical as to be undecipherable 
cept, maybe, Eric Bloom. The Cult 
with violence, death, and irrati 
members say that this phase of their 
mostly from the recording of their 
"Tyranny and Mutation", during 
murders occurred within twelve 
studio. 

After a superlative version of 
Sundays concert, the Cult announ 
long-awaited double-lP live album 
released in January and that in 
formance of "Buck's Boogie" was a 

Ahem, ore our faces red. No 
sooner do we get a new crack 
reporter writing the Aart-Vark 
column, then we slip-up and 
forget to give credit where 
credit was due. In 
re.tributiol! and general lJ'UUU'", 
clarity, let it be known that 
Aart-Vatk's column which 
appeared in the Monday, Oct. 
14 issue was written by 
Elizabeth Chimento Keep 
watching her Aort-Vork column 

Hall. 
The BOC is nearly unrivaled in sheer, noisy 

intensity and aggressiveness. The volume at the 
concert was excruciatingly loud (Golden Hall just 
wasn't built for Decibel Rock) which provokes 
those feelings of terror and violence that the band 
is noted for. 

The mood of the concert was unperturbed by the 
failure of second-billP.d T. Rex to appear (Marc 
Bolan, T . Rex's leader, was seriously ill and 
hospitalized). Indeed, the atmosphere seemed 
more intriguing as the performance was turned into 
an exposition of underground music. Performing 
were the leaders of the American underground, the 
Blue Oyster Cult, and, on their first American tour, 
England's UFO. 

Openin~ the concert was the " ,,,,"'.-

The immediate aura of the 
whole show (which, due to the 
aforementioned environment, is 
somewhat difficult to separate 
into the individual contributions) 
is that of historical relegation . 
The feeling is not necessarily 
conveyed by the content or 
implications of the pieces but 
rather by the choices of the 
media employed. Fragments of 
bone, feathers , sheading 
eucalyptus branches, bamboo, 
old paint tarps and abandoned 
refrigerators (keep an eye on your 
children, folks) dominate the 
ini tial conception of the show. 
However, when the individual 
pieces are considered, the present 
and the future begin to come into 
focus. But on to the specifics ... 

We have a couple of Cargo 
Cultists, Peter Phillips and Paul 
Hildebrand, who collaborated to 
produce an intriguing bamboo 
race car. Phillips claims that it 
was an attempt to establish, 
within the limitations of the 
materials, an examination of 
human understanding through 
imitation . Primarily due to the 
'cuteness' of the idea, and 
somewhat by the frighteningly 
futuristic possibility of our own 
progeny being engaged in this 
manned of cultural emulation alternate Monday's in the 

Times to keep abreast of 
ies, museums, classical 

usic, dance, film , and artistic 
ppenings in the area . 

boogie band, UFO. 
Veterans of several years of 

three albums (two unreleased in the 
demonstrated finesse, balance, 
Paramount was guitarist Michael 
demonstrated great versatility . The 

Film: 
There are other ways the BOC gets to you besides 

the oppressive volume. There is the leather and the 
sado-masochistic suggestions of " Dominance-
Submission:" Lead vocalist Eric Bloom even uses a 
pair of handcu ffs to complement his black leather 
and cape ensemble. 

The Blue Oyster C.ult is so inherently dynamiC 
that the first-timers at this concert were puzzled by 
the disappointment displayed by the hard-core Cult 
freaks . For the first eight tunes BOC played like a 
well-oiled machine: Eric Bloom (the lead vocalist) 
appearing sinister but unaggressive, and Don (Buck 
Dharma) Roeser playing like a man possessed-
knocking out fine riffs but remalnang ex-
preSSionless. The band (with the exception of 
drummer AI Bouchard) lacked the intensity that has 
made their performances legendary on the East 
Coast. They picked up momentum gradually, one 
member at a time, but it still wasn't approaching 
their usual level-until they played their old 
favorite,".Buck's Boogie", and , the whole band 

the UFO sound was probably their first 
My." This is an exciting rocker teaturr~t 
Phil Mogg, highlighted by Sche 
which enhanced the vocal line 
the audience. Despite a bass Ii 

If t hat's not Y04r style, though, there is the 
calcu lated madness of "ME262" (presumably a star 
cluster) where all five members-including the 
drummer-strap on guitars and collectively assault 
the audience, all the while trading " hot licks and 
sizz ling leads." 

heavy at times and some gri 
unisons that reminded us of (ugh!) BI 
UFO was creative and thoroughly 
Throughout the short set they were in f 
themselves and the audience; how 
billed groups get called back for an 
out for UFO - there are few flaws sta But the dominant (there's that work again) 

feature is undoubtedly the lead guitar of Donald them and stardom. 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
PLUMBING COIITRACTORS 

Leaverton - San Die~, Inc. 
~' /"/ - -

REMOOEL.. - NEW INSTALLATIONS - REPAIRS 
STATE LICENSE NO. 272-677 

566·4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San Diego, Ca. 92121 

"It's stiD 
the same 
old story, 
a fight for 
lowe and glory,'" 

P ,,,,1I'\Ot1l'\l P.lI .... " D .... "" 
An Arthur P Jacobs Production In assoclabon 

With Rolhn' ·JolI, Productions 

. "flt ~""'IT Af3AI~, 
. fM"" . ~ _ AH rbtr1AossFIlm Wf)(. , 411F~ 

SATURD Y 
Oct. 19th 
8:00 PM 

U .C.S.D. Gym 
$1.00 

ADVANCE TICKETS 
AT REC GYM OFFICE 

Pille 4 Triton Times October 18, 1974 

Concert Notes 
Despite the fact the Rolling Stone's "Get Off My Cloud" was released 

many years ago this week, there is no real " rock N roll" concerts in S.D. this 
week. As a matter of fact, no big concert hall action at all . 

However, on the intimate side, San Diego State's Backdoor has a couple of 
things on tap. 

Tonight, at 8 and 10:30, Lori Leibermiln and friends bring some positive, 
personal folk orientated music to town . loining them on the same bill, the 
team of Cecilio iIfId Kilpono, whom I've never heard personally, have a 
reputation of mellowness with a capital M. 

Jazz seems to be exerting itself more forcefully every week here in San 
Diego. Now Milt Jackson, vibes player extraordinaire brings his quartet to the 
Backdoor, for two concerts Oct 22nd, at 7:30 and 10. 

And though I hate to let the cat out of the bag before I get the bag back 
from the market, it might be worth considering that Brian AUler and Airto 

IUND..v OCfOIIR 2r' 7:10 ... u........, .. CaHtomia II1II.,.... 
"'-'"..... ..................... . . , . .................. a ...... 

nc •• n .... ., ' 11.0. ..... --. .... ............... ..- ................. , 
...................... ~ ...... ----

When I said earlier there 
pushing it a bit. There is some 
at the grand opening of T 
Diego at 211 West G. 
present Dr. John, Cold 

I took a pre-show peek at 
prove interesting. It's a 
bring in the big acts, it's a lot 
check it out during a concert 
look promising though. 

Somber closing note, AI 
Mammy! 

Carol Mansfield's display of 
packaged and catagorized items 
seem to contain a series of 
personaf discoveries that have 
been identified more by the 

N roll" this week, I suppose I was 
and some big band rock this week 

concert hall in downtown San 
19, tonight and tomorrow, they 

Wray. 

week, and it looks as if it might 
rink and though it's big enough to 

than most places in town . We'll 
know how it turns out. Acoustics 

14 years ago this wednesday. 

iIIPIon ,..., 
A.mIS·tIn 

IYPtIosIS 
DICK UIIW 211-4_ 

.. 

Why have movie reviews in o ur 
little campus chron icle? There are 
three good reasons. One is that 
movies so often reflect and 
accentuate the moods of the 
National Consciousness in ways 
no other medium can quite 
achieve. Of course there is no 
"one mind" in our diverse and 
complex society, but movies, for 
what they are unto themselves 
and to us, the viewers, both 
mirror and make the American 
vision . Secondly, San Diego's 
most prominent (obtruse) 
reviewer, Mr. Duncan Shepard of 
the READER, is so generally 
negative about the films he sees 
that he virtually beckons you to 
challenge his views; that, or he 
simply doesn't enjoy more than 
one or two movies a year . And 
lastly, I do like movies, at least 
five or six of a given annual crop . 
State of the Cinema : 

CHINATOWN 
How does "Chinatown" reflect 

America, as we are now, with a 
story that unfolds in the early 40's 

Applications for Education 
Abroad Programs Now 
Available in the International 
Center. 

17 Overseas Campuses 
x3730, Mrs. Walsh 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

~ OFFERING 
~'ffJIS .-t'kt;W ~r-l Sf SI'Sl'~Als 

COLOR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 
PENTAX, OLYMPUS, • KONICA CAMERAS. LENSES 

LAllGIE DARIUIOOM DEPARTMENT 
INCLUDING 

KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES· SERVICE ·TRADES· REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAVIS caMII:RA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVI: 

4 ... 73 •• 

B.S.), they don't bring o ff the 
attempt at understanding as well 
as Phillips does in the other piece 
that he has on display. He has 
taken a collection of antiquated 
refr igerators (i .e. student standard 
issue) and pulled off a visual 
personifi cation I t is almost as if 
these wrecks, a fter years of 
hurflan abuse, have adopted 
human attitudes and are engaged 
in undeniably human activity. 

Dave · Schilpp, who has an 
adversion to age-old adages, 
believes that a picture 
(photograph) is a 'phrase' taken 
out of the context of life, and that 
It is usually the text ac-
companyi ng it that com-
municates its meaning (as op· 
posed to the other way around-

, remember the crude things that 
you use to say about what Di ck 
and Jane were really doing before 
you found out what the words 
meant?-Q ED ) To illustrate his 
point, Schi lpp has presented the 
contrast between what the photos 

Paint ing is mainly exhibited in 
two series which car ry a 
simu larity in their faded, washed· 
out, neo-realistic vignettes of the 
faded, washed-out, too realistic 
world about us. Rich Wolbers, in 
parti cular, has hung a series of 
co llected humans (va riety 
unknown) in bizarre situa tions 
Wolbers said that the series was 
executed as a studv of the Signals 

Chinatown 
and is directed by a non· 
American? It does so by being a 
fi lm that never quite lets you 
know all that's happening, even 
when you find out who did what 
to whom, and why, at the film's 
climax . 

Director Roman Polanski, 
following in the footsteps of 
Alfred Hitchcock, makes a cameo 
appearance in the film and keeps 
you properly tense wi th 
psychological maneuvers that 
range from subtle to hea rt 
pounding . " Chinatown" is a 
autopsy of the living. It is an 
irregular examination of both 
aggressive and f righten ed 
behavior. It is also a damn good 

many facets of the all-American 
S.O.B. (Carnal Knowledge, The 
Last Detail). I the private 
det ctive working for hiS own 
needs and those of an 
emotionally distressed clie nt 
(Faye Dunaway). While it is often 
difficult to separate the 
character's personalities from the 
plot, herein lies not Polanski's 
directing weakness but rather his 
strength 

The movie is about self-interest 
and swindling and murder, and 
both Nicholson and Dunaway 
support the theme of the movie 
They do not distract you from it 
even with their strong per-
formances 

movie. The background music was 
Jack Nicholson, maybe the strangely complim enting. John 

best actor ever to portray the Alonzo's photography direction, 

Need a cassette recorder? 
record notes and notes 

on a 
SONY DELUXE gOA 

Features 
Condenser m ic 
Remote mic 
Auto stop 
Tone & vol control 
Carrying case 
AC/DC operational 

reg. 119.95 
now 89.95 

BROUGHT TO 
YOU BY 

SUPERSCOPE 

NOW ON SALE 
LA JOLLA MUSIC 

1128 WALL 
459-3375 (RICH) 

rechargeable unit 
offering: 

SALES AND SERVICE 

There are scads (I mean 
literally a whole schmeer) more 
people (8 or 9 at least) that I 

,would like to write about, but 
~pace and lack of personal inSight 
iust don't permit 

Perhaps my best adVice IS 
simply, go see It 

Kenny Taub 

despite Inconsistencies, managed 
to c reate some very fine scenes , 
and Polanski came off great a a 
Sick little thug If "Chinatown" 
had any majOr flaw at all It was 
that it caught a heavy facet of the 
present national mood all too 
well , leaVing you anything but 
cheery As art work, on the other 
hand, It made me feel quite a bit 
more optimistiC IP'.,· .. ~ 

~~~ 
]\eatre listin~ 
ACADEMY 372'1 U nlv.,slty Ave. 

2114-1000 
'GROOVE TUBE' [RI 

CAPII Perk et Uni • . 218-C1S71 Twilit. Hou,I:30-7 p,m. 
Mon th,u Fri. 

'BLAZING ADDLES' 7:00 10:16 
'TH E PRODUCERS' !l 40 (R) 

CENTURY 1 SIIIl U c. ........ IIH HI 
fW lUTt , I S lei. U 

'v"''' 10\,.." lillIIT' " .. ~ 
....... 1WIn' lK) 

CENTURY 2 WIlli! c. .. I/o/. III !l. 
TWILmSI, IS .. 4) 

'fOlI'm" sa«" III,'HO 
• ~.~ ... ftIII MU",J ,"I 

COVE t. __ ll lh" 
t ...... ceee, 

'UPTOWN SATURDAY NIGH~ ... 
''01lI0 1IOI1IM·1I.L COlly· ..... , Iti.A 

FINE ARTS 1818 Gemet, P.B. 
274-«100 

'THE FLYI C A Q I -
TANCES' (X) 

GUILD :ll275th. S.D . 
52000 

'KEEP iT UP lACK' (X) 
KEN CINEMA _ I_ ,m,. 

'. roy UTMII. TI!IIIG' '" ~-,.,. HI I1IITW' 
LA PALOMA 471 1st Sl 

Bro Enc' "'~ Mar 1D-43I7 
'A IMAL CRACKER 
W C Fields 
MY LITTLE CHICKADEE' 

SOLANA 113 S. Acede 
SOI .... NCh 

711-1711 
Gregory Peck PrE' ents 7:00 
'THf OOVF 1:00 

STRUD __ • ttl 11.1 
....... l4JI · ll. 

'CHINA TOWN ,Sl ... (0"'"-; .... _ .. _ ; .. ~ 
U.1con ... ,. ....... 10 .. , ... ' 

--. •• I ,----.-~ _ ... _-

Pale 5 Triton Times October 11, 1914 



2 
~ 

Back to Oakland 
An Oakland A's fan in southern California is like being a Tory at 

Valley Forge. One is made to feel he is a pest among the harvest. 
Wherever he goes he finds Dodger fans insulting the pride of 
Oakland. But take heart, A's fans, the pride of Oakland is presently 
insulting the Dodgers of Los Angeles (of course insulting is a way of 
life with the A;s). 

The best thing about being an Oakland A's fan while living in San 
Diego is that one can't find a station that is powerful enough to 
transmit the golden tones of Monte Moore to the Southland. For that 
matter the Bay Area doesn't have such a station to reach the local 
Bay Area fans . 

But one does miss the chance to see his heroes on the field of 
action. whether it be on the field of action or on the boob tube. 

So when the A's found themselves in the playoffs for the fourth 
year in a row. 'naturally I was happy to be able to view their annual 
efforts to reach the World Series . Putting up with Curt Gowdy and 
Tony Kubek was the price I had to pay. but it was well worth the 
sacrifice, as the A's advanced to meet the Dodgers. 

When the series opened I picked the A's to win in six. having been 
'correct in picking the first four games. I predict the Dodgers to win 
behind Don Sutton Thursday with the A's Catfish Hunter to mop up 
the series on Saturday in Los Angeles. Correct me if I am wrong. 
Maybe the A's will have won in five ! 

••••• 

Being an Oakland fan (both the A's and the Raiders) presented a 
difficult dilemma last Sunday. The Chargers were hosting the Raiders 
in their twice annual blood bath at San Diego Stadium and the World 
Series featuring the Oakland A's was on television . 

For all you astute perverts. you will recall that the September issue 
of Playboy featured a Raiderette. This Raiderette also happens to be a 
neighbor of mine where I spent my glorious high school days . I just 
had to see her again (with her clothes on, of course) . 

The game, once I tore myself away from the TV in the Press Room 
was a lot closer than I had el(pected . I felt that the Raiders were going 
to walk away with the game, but with both teams blOWing easy 
chances to S(,:ore. the Chargers finally outdid the Raiders by inventing 
a spectacular way to give away a game. When Dan Fouts overthrew a 
wide open Harrison Davis in the end zone with about two minutes 
left in the game, l let out a great 'sigh of relief, the Raiders finally 
wrapping up a 14-10 .,Jin over a tough San Diego team . 

But alas, the sacrifice I made by missing the A's game on TV caught 
up with me as the A's dropped the second game of the Series to the 
Dodgers, 3-2. 

I guess Oakland can' t win every game, but at least they come 
pretty close to it. which makes life happier for all us Oakland fans 
here at UCSD, the minority we are . 

r------------------------, 
: Slow Reader? 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

H SO, plan now to attend the UCSO 
R.E.A.O.s. Speed Reading Program at La Jolla 
Village Inn, starting the week of October 21 st. 
Classes soecially for UCSO students· work in 

~ materials· guaranteed· costs only $89. I 
I I To find out more, drop by the University 
I Book Store any day next week and meet I Bob Indseth, RE.A.O's. instructor in I San Diego, or call him at 276·1768 (5·7 pm) 
I R.E.A.D.s., 805 Glenway Dr. I Inglewood, Ca. 90302 
~~~-----~----------------~ 

International Co~petion 

Tijuana Tech, Tritons Tie 
. .,. 

UCSD's soccer team became a 
victim of unusual circumstances 
in its 3-3 tie at Tijua& Tech 
Saturday morining. 

First of all, the Tech Stadium 
isn't el(actly situated riaht in the 
heart of the town . After about JO 
minutes of driving around the 
city, the field. was found at the 
end of a long dirt road. The Triton 
squad arrived about 15 minutes 
late for the game, but still 10 
minutes before Tijuana's . 

The game was played on a field 
that was probably better suited 
for grazing than soccer. The field 
was equally divided between long 
grass and long weeds. 

, These aren't the reasons that 
UCSD was able to emerge with 
only a ti.e. rather than a victory . . 

The reason appeared quite clear 
to most of the spectators late in 

the game when the referee made 
a poor call on what seemed to be 
an obvious play. 

With about ten minutes 
remaining in the game the Tritons 
ahead 3-2. Tijuana drove down 

PP&K Challenges 
Intramural Standouts 

by Paul WaIner 

As a small child, were you one who watched the Super Bowl merely 
to see the Pass, Punt and Kick competition at half·time. dreaming 
that you were out there on the field? For those who missed their 
chance years ago, the UCSD Second Chance Society. commonly 
known to all as the 1M Dept., will be holding their Fall Quarter ex-
travaganza on the Muir field, Friday October 25th with the main (and 
only) attraction the Pass, Punt and Kick contest . 

Each contestant will compete in the three categories with points 
awarded for distance and accuracy in each of the events . In order to 
keep the level of confusion down to a minimum, several additional 
rules have been incorporated to make the competition as fair as 
possible. No special footwear will be allowed, with the only legal 
means of kicking either bare feet or tennis shoes . Points will also be 
subtracted when a contestant crosses over the boundary line. 

Origionally the competition was slated to be one of separate male 
and female competition. but due to popular demand. this has been 
changed to open (male and female) and female only competition. 

For those who wish to enter the competition, entries must be 
submitted to the Recreation Office by noon Friday, October 25. 
Competition begins at three that afternoon . 

the field and a shot was taken 
from the leh side. The ball 
bounded off the goal post and 
into the arms of UCSD goal 
keeper Doug Youngdale. The 
referee judged that the ball had 
gone all the way across the goal 
line. and awarded Tijuana the 
tieing point, much to the disgust 
of many players on the field and 
fans in the stands. 

Ten minutes into the contest 
Dave Y0l!ngdale opened the 
scoring from the left side on 
passes from Carlos Robles and 
Steve Cardona giving the Tritons 
an early lead . Minutes later Doug 
Youngdale, playing the first game 
as goalie in his entire life made 
two big stops to keep UCSD 
ahead. 

Mid-way through the second 
half Tijuana took a short-lived 2-1 
lead. The Tritons Robles then tied 
the game on a pass in from Fred 
Vernaccia. One minute later 
Alfonso Gonzalez headed in 
UCSD's third goal with an assist 
from Brad Perry. 

Only acrobatic defense by 
Youngdale, Perry, Vernaccia, 
Howdy, Sibly. and Rich An-
drewson kept Coach Stewart 
Hayes' squad ahead late in the 
·game. before the controversial 
final goal. 

Spikers Prove Tough 
by Dave Ei,en 

In a tournament that included 
all of the schools from the 
University of California system. 
UCSD's womens volleyball team 
emerged with a ~ record, and 

Abortion 
AltematiYes 

SAN DIEGO PRO-LIFE 

Call 
513-5433 

for 2<4 hr . counselina 

free speakers 
also available 

some much meeded experience 
against top teams . 

The AII-<:al Tourney was played 
Saturday at UCLA. with the 
Tritons playing 12 games in the 
period of seven hours . The host 
Bruins easily dominated all of the 
play, prompting UCSD coach 
Chuck Millenbah to say that 
"they are undoubtedly the best in 
the United States." 

The Tritons played two games 
against each of the teams, 
sweeping UC Berkely and UC 
Irvine for the four wins, 'while 
losing a pair each to UCLA, 
second ranked UC Santa Barbara, 
third rated UC Riverside, and UC 
Davis. UCSD could have actually 
finished 7-5, but three possible 
wins were turned into close 15-13 
losses. 

some of his women did very well 
individually . "Ellen O'Rorke. 
Andrea Beylen, Judy Otero, and 
Eva Ljungwe all played well. Also 
Tina Flammer and Margi Sch· 
wartz did a good job blocking." 

"The tournament was really fun 
for us." Millenbah continued. 
"The competition was much 
better than what we'll be facing 
during the rest of the season, so I 
think the experience really helped 
the team ." 

Millenbah felt that the team 
showed improvment in learning 
their new 6.() pattern, and also 
passed well. "At times we played 
as a team, but our biggest fault 
was that sometimes we didn't 
cover for individual mistakes." 

............ ~ iede r frClI]",:s. ....... .... 
Coach Millenbah thought that 

UCSO's next action will be al 
Palomar, playing the squad thai 

Contin~ · on 'ate J 

SCIENTIFIC CALCULATORS' 

100% natural 
.tee Crea~ 

Come Try A Sumptuous Concoction Made With Our 
Unbelievably Creamy Homemade Ice Cream 

+ ITS OUTRAGEOUSLY DELICIOUSI 
Beside the Cryst.1 Pier in P.c:iflc Beach 

Closed Mon. Tuel-fri 1·' Silt 12·10 Sun 12·' 

............................... 
P.le 6 Triton Times October 18, 1974 

* Overshipment of brand new 36 key 
electromc calcu1a.tors available 

* Brand name. American made with 
one year factory warranty 

*Compares with HP 35 in every detail 
plus has extra features 

$159.50 ea. while they last! 
JOTUN INTERNATIONAL INC. 

272·8522 9-5 weekdays 

L.MT C .... .., ...... D .. all .... un 
S22 or ~. K .. "'1. ItDI21l 

CHARGER .. • CIeouIetor found It\' motore'" ~.... ... Cell end 
1dentIfy."'. I'ItItI1 

" _ t-.d • pep.lllnl! copy of 
MIDIUMMU NIOHT' DREAM PUAIIE cell .... __ or ..... In e1 
the __ dept. IteI2'Il 

LOST: Week of 1017 __ Hleh School 
C .. R .... with InhIeIe PD. R ....... 
P1MM ceII4II-IIG. 11012'11 

Founel .t Le Joe. Apte, f_1e Ieb/· 
..,.. _out 3 mondw old. 412-~. 
(101211 
LOST: S ...... I.O. Bracelet. ...,. 'Neney" 
on top. "S_" on bottom. PlEASE 
celIK_""'" 

LOST: 2 keye on • PAN AM key rln • . 
Ow,.. Mp ...... I.m locked out .nd 
c.,,"" Call Bob .t 412·1011. (10/211 

LOST: Bulove Wetch with .mell _ther 
benel In IIYm Mon night. Oct. 14. L_. 
in TT or cell Ron "XU. (101211 

If you picked up .n orenee notabooll 
ou.... the Revelle booll.tore "'-. 
cell N.ncy m-1m. 1101211 

FOUND: C_t L_ cue In USB 
B.th,_ 10-14. PIck up In TT offIc •. 
1101211 

LOST .t 8Q_h court _ ........ nk 
m .... on on _..... It..... P .... 
contKt G_ ., AROO. 1101211 

LOST: A clerk brown folcler with • 
w~ yellow _In. P ..... cell Henne 
.xt. _ or -'JG'I. 1101211 

loll copy of A ..... need Celcu .... fo, 
AIIP ........ It\' H ....... nd. R_rd 
cell ...... 1101211 

LOST: Mon .fter_. 1 p,. of wire 
fremed ....... It ..... cend in flowered 
caM. Kim _-It12. 1101211 

LOST Sundey on court .'0. turquol .. 
wormup j8ck81. Cell 2J4.G1I. 1101211 
$211.011 R_.rd for retum of 5 book. on 
I.n Johneon. LOit in .telrwell of 20 
la.t w ..... C.II ...... "Olltl 

LOST 10-16 pal, of ....... in b,own 
cu. p,obably _r bookllo ... R_.rd. 
Hylton .t ~. 110/211 

LOST·1 O'Neil long jone. If found. coli 
Don. 41102·l1li7. 11012'11 

FOUND: CROU penell Cell St .... 
E ..... t 412·'" to identify. 1101211 

O."ld O __ your check book II .t 
police loll .. found. 1101211 

LOit one w..... In 2722 Fridrt nita. 
P ..... _m It. I .-d It .nd the money 
-_tely. 4D4D7. (1OIMI 
Blu. Amerlcen benk c,-," book lound 
in 20 3rd fI. B_ Whittenburg. pick 
up In Triton T. 0ffIc .. (101141 

Art .... found 1"8 In U81 .., B. 
Identify end clelm .t TT office. 1101211 

Laet: ....... y It R ...... Phyelca booll 
loreneel. Inltlele 0.0.1. on toe. ID No. 
IMIeIe. P ..... Ieeve .t TT office. 11011" 

Laet: Key type bIk. lock without key. 
P ..... _m to TT OffIce. 11011., 
M ... .-nnen ."-'*d. blec:1! It tan. 
Cell o.ry O.vId es.,... (101141 

Laet: Two w .. ke .go on R ....... : G 
j8cket w/ .. mov.bl. lining. P ..... ce 
Jim 412·.a, I'm cold. 110/111 

LOit hNn .hepe neck .. c. wIttI _rlln 
c.nt.,. no cheln Oct. I . P ..... notum to 
TT Offlc • . 1101141 

Founel: 2 York.hI .. terri .... MIIF. Mu. 
.1 .... w.v If not cleimed lOOn. 4112· 1231. 
1101111 

Founel: In USI 2122; • 5c'-ffe, 12K 
.ng .. ved .oId pen. Cell "rry .t .-2572. 
(10/141 

LOit k.y. to mv hou ... nd ce, (S .. bl 
P ..... tum In to Triton Tim .. R_., 
Oore. C.II 27I-I21II. 1101181 . 

LOIt: notebook ft mu.lo book from 
m ... •• locker room. Rllum to Muelc 
Dept. 1101141 

LOll: B,own-.wlde .cket '- In.1 
oock...... of different metarlel the 
IInI,...Dlrk42· ... 110/111 

.211 ,_rdl 10' ,e1um of .oId St. 
Chriltopher 1011 In men'. lock .. room. 
No qu .... on • . 4112· ... (101141 

Found: 1 p,. b.u. penu. .Iz • • on my 
muetang windehl .. d wipe ..... t June. 
s.. How.,d In 2AIM. 1101141 

Found pelr of wi .. rimmed ........ ,m 
Z722 Oct. a. Pick uo TT office. ~10114' 

Leet: Intro Prob ft Stetietical app. 0 
9130 in USB 3010. C.II Ed 271 ·0132. 
1101141 

Leet em.II pock.t w.tch with .hon 
_ther .t .. p. R_.rd " .00. C.II Au.tln 
.t "2210. (10114, 

Leet . pUrl "n •• t the .tud.nt c.nt.,. 
Fri. Oct. 4. R_.rd. P ..... call m·lOI7. 
OIlP8,.t • . (101141 

Found Ie.t w .. k - . pel, of .oId rimmed 
.'- Leet bv • hltchlker In • y.llow 
Poroc'- Cell .... ,IM. (10/141 

Found • wetch .t 21th St P.rty Set. 
night 711-11 •. 1101141 

Friday Night Flicks 

USB 2722 

The BeatIes in 
HARD DAY'S NIGHT 
The Marx Bros. in 

DUCK SOUP 
75c 7: 30 & 10: 30 

Saturday Films 
PERFORmANCE 
w/Mick Jagger 7: 30&11 :00 

PERSONA 9: 30 
by Ingmar Bergman 

Saturday Niaht Special : 
6 : 30 p.m. live Music! Come Early 

UBS $1 

meetinp 
Triton W.,..mlng Civil. _ta .very 
Thu .... y .. 12 pm In 214. 1N 881 
Mecl. School N_ m .... b_ welcom • . 
1101211 
For .ny of YOU nurde Wt dldn't know. 
the f8I»IH New. D_rtment of the 
Triton Tim. m_ ... .,., T..... .t • 
p.m. No ret_hmenta. no nothing. JUIt 
c.-.··jt. 110121. 
Milltllnt Forum: Fo,cr. VIet·nem P.r. 
don: Whet d_ It _11y m_n1 
S_k ... : Skip Sw.l.y II Norm Lewi. 
lor Vletnem V ... : & 01 .. Rodriguez. 
SWP. P ..... n ... 1 Suit •. jUtec C.nt.r. 
SOSU. Frldey, Oct. 1'.t I p.m. Fo, more 
Info "1 • . 1101111 

FOOD CO·OP STARTINGIW. need 
w.,m bod.... All InterIItH .tt.nd 
o, •• n. mtg. BLAKE CONF. RM. TODAY 
3. 1101111 

The Int.metiORlI Stud.nt C ... ter of 
U.C. S.n 0",0 will hOlt the Photo-
, ..v.I .... of 1I Jol ... t their mHtlng of 
October 21 •• t 7:30 PM In the lou .... , 
The p,og .. m he. bMn .. pecl.lly 
Hlec:ted for ov ....... tudent •• t the 
UnIv .... lty •• nd f .. tu .. 1 th_ of ou, 
netioNlI perk •• dMcribed .nd /III".ted 
by thr.. oullt.ndlng .cenlc 
photog .. p ..... of the club. 110/Z'll 

The Union of J_ilh Stud.nt. invlt .. 
you to p.nlclpet. In H.vdel.h c.nd .. 
IIghtln •• t the beech thl. S.tu,dey nit • . 
M .. t fI .. t .t the .tud.nt c.nter by 7 :111 
p.m . • nd drwe w.,mly. 110/111 

"CIa.. YOU .Y. to Fec'" dlff ... nc .. 
.nd w.lcome .11 with the light 01 
on.n .... " IAHA· U·UAH. Fo, In· 
lorm.tlon c'" 4D-tD1D. (1011., 

B.S.S .O. i. P'OII_I.... The Bleck 
8clence .tudentl· oreenlznon Ie for 
YOU. Check u. ou":OO p.m. 1VIry Friday 
nl.ht 1102 11th Floor Trioe. H •• IMul" . 
(1011., 
IIRDWATCHERI OF UCSO· The bl,. 
of Sen 0"'0 .,. .w.ltln. youl In-
..... ted ___ cell Cherley 412-"" 
or B ..... ,. 4112·1112. 110/211 

" RAP WITH THE PROVOST" on 
Mo ..... y. October 21. 1174.t 3:30 p.m . In 
the Thl,d Col .... Recreetlon C ... t ... '3 
M.nh_. C.mpu .. 1101211 

If you ., •• women ... dual •• tudent 
end wont 10 .he .. you, llrugg", .nd 
conee,n., com. to • milling to 
or •• nlze Imall dllcuulon groupe on 
TUllday. October 22. 4-1 p.m., In the 
R.v.". I nfo,m.1 Loung. li n the 
e.f.t.rI. comp".' . 1101211 

STUDENTS lI.the, fo, I.lIowohlp on 
Sundey •. 7 to !I p.m .. In the loung. 01 
Unlv.rslty lutheren Church. _ 1I 
Jol.. Sho ... Dr. All _Icome. Jull. 
G".cock .nd J.rry Ru ... 1 will ... d 
dl.cuulon. 110111 

notices 
M.th 2C flnel ••• m. Irom Spring 
Quert.r ... outllde room 7402 of AP&M. 
S_ .. ted by .ectlon. All ... m. not 
picked UP by 10111/74 will be "recycled." 
11011., 
Leeblen R.p g,oup to be formed. In. 
1.r •• t.d wom.n contact P.m.l. 
Sewy., J1i5.41127. 11011., 

DANCE IN DEl MAIf: Muekal D.nce 
el... being heId-w.,mup. y_. 1m· 
p'OV. comblnetlon .... jell II ethnlcl· 
tnu.lc. Tu. 11:.':00. Fri 3:~:OO. 
Othe, tim. cen be .".nged. Fo, Info 
cell Terry 217·1"11. 110121. 

The Summe, S_lon Offlc. I. In-
te ... ted In Including etudent .rtwork 
.nd photOiln the lfJ11 Summe, 8_elon 
cetaloe. Entn •• ,. belng.oHc!ted from 
undergreduete .neI g .. du.t. etudelltl 
by N_.mber 11. 1W4. The the .... for 
.rtwork .nd photo aubmltte .. ie "8tudy 
.nd Fun .t 1I JoIle thl. Summ ..... 
1101131 

ATTENTION REVELLE FALL 
GRADUATES: A li.t of F.1l1f14 R.v.lI. 
gr.du.t.. i. POited on the boerd 
outlld. the R.v.lI. Provolt'l Offle • . 
Pi .... ch.ck to m.k •• ur. your neme 
I. on it. " you have .ny qulltlon •• 
pl •• _ com. Into the ProvOl!'. Offic • . 
1101251 

INTERESTED IN GRADUATE AND 
PROFESSIONAL OPPORTUNITIES AT 
STANFORD UNIVERSITY1 Com •• nd 
m .. t Ron Arroyo, A •• I.tant to the 
O .. n of G .. du.t. Studi .. on Frldey, 
Octob.r tho 11th from 1:30 to 3:30 In 
Stud.nt C.nt., G.m. Conf.,.nc. 
Room . Fo, .ddition.1 Inform.tion 
pi .... c.1I M • . My,. N.rlo on •• t.n.'on 
42110. (10"11 

WRITING CLINIC: Writing .dvlc. I. f," 
• nd II off.red on • on.· Io-one baeI. on 
course P.pe .. , r_um... proo_la. 
• cholerly .rtlcleo, job appllce!lo_· 
whetev., the need, Com. in 10 12M 
HilL IR .... I .. , or c.1I 412·2!iZ2. 1101211 

BAM la .. 1e Auto Mechenlc.' C ..... 
will begin neltt w .. k : Oct 21·34. They 
will be held In the followln. room •• t 
7:00 p.m . Mon. Tu • • • nd Thu ... ·R ..... .. 
Inlorm.1 loung • . W.d.· Unlv ... lty 
£o ..... lon C .... 'oom 103 A. 1101211 

All Women Int .... ted In 1I, .. klng ot 
'oc.1 Sen 011110 high .chaola obout the 
Wom.n·. movem.nt .nd othe, .... ted 
lubjecu ... w. need youl Contact B.th 
412-811. or Wom ... •• C.nt .. 412.211123. 
"0/181 

The Poetry Jou .... 1 I. aollcltlng con-
tribution. lor Itl f.lI , 1174 I .. u.. All 
typ •• of m.t.ri.1 welcome. Send tY_ 
wrlnen contribution. to the Poetry 
Jou,nel. Compu. M.lllng cod. C-OQI, 
bel or. Nov.mb.r 15. Nom • • • dd .... , 
Ind phon. numb., mu.t .ccomp.ny 
e.ch .ubmilllon; no ",atori.1 will be 
r.turned. 110/181 

The Rev.lle Provo.t Offic. h.. Art 
Print. for rent to Rev.lle .tud.nll. 
Rent.1 f •• I •• 1.00 p.r qu.rt.r p.r p rint. 
Oecoret. yOU' room w ith 0 Pic ... o, 
Brouner. or Mati .. e print. Stop by the 
Rlv.lle Provoot Office to ••• or r.nt 
them. 1101211 

"Att.ntlon .11 qu.llfI.d .ophomo ... 
I.n.d .om ••• nlor. ond gr.du.t. 
.1ud.nfll with. 3.0 or bett.r GPA: 
Appl!cetlon form. and b,ochu," fo, 
the 17 ov ...... c.mpu_ .... v.lleble 
In the I nt.rn.lionel Cent.,. EAP Offlc • . 
The Nov.mber 13 d .. dlln. lor the UK· 
Ir"ond .nd Br.zll c.mpu ... mu.t be 
met." 110/211 

Com. to 0 Sporb C.r R.llyl Brin. 
pencil. p.p.r. 1I •• hll.ht .nd .2 to the 
zoo pe,king lot tvnlght at 7:30. 1101111 

SHAKE~MUP 
,WITH AN 

AUE:C €ARTHQUAK€. 
Monte~uma~ 
Tequila Earth9ual~e 

Monte~ma TeqUila. 
1' 2 ounce. Straw· 
berries. h aunce 
sliced. Grenadine. 
1 teaspoon. Orange 
bitlers. 'J teaspoon. 
Lime. 1 slice. Strow· 
berries. 1 unsllced. 
Olend strawbernes 
and grenadine in 
blender. Add in other 
Ingredients w ilh 
cracked Ice. Serve In 
toll gloss ave r Ice 
cubes Garnish With 
lime slice and unslrced • 

OLIN 
, IH( (M\lH U",I\( ' 

symbol for Ih I )'h cloy 
cf tht' on(1 I All ..-..Hk 

BrId.. toum.mentell Every 8undey 
nite in R ..... I. N. DIning H.II. Em,.nce 
f" 21 cent • . Info-B.rry "'311. 1101111 
BIROGE LE~SONS ·-· Sund.y nit.' . 
.... on will b. In the R.vel .. Informel 
Loun ... 1101111 

.WORSHIP SERVICES on SUnden: 
Pr_tant folk ....... t 10 • . m .. Rom~n 
C.thollc ",.. .t 1:30 • . m . • nell p.m .• 
Location: Unlvenlty Lutheren Church. 
ecr_ the It.... from U..... H.II 
perkin. lot. 1101111 

art 
UCSO ART GAllERY. Flr.t Y .. r 
Gr.du.t. Stud.nt Exhibition. 1* 
Humenlt... lIb .. ry Bulldln.. R.v ..... 
Octob.r 14-0ctober 30. Hou .. Sundey· 
F,id.y 12·6. 11012tl 

NOTICE·B •• 'nnlng Mondey October 21. 
.11 .tud.nt .d. will be printed one • . 

seminars 
0,. Don O.nl".on. A .. oc. Prof. of 
M.them.t1c.. Unlv ... lty of Vi,.,m. 
Villtl... Prof. UC80. Application of 
Theory of Thin E"'tlc M.mb,.~ to 
the Humen Skin It Op ... tlon. Per· 
formed In Pleltlc Surg.".: Frldey • 
October 11, 1174. 2:00 p.m .. Room ... 
B.1e Sc .. nc. Bldg. 110111 • 

Lectu .. : COMperilon. of TMChlng of 
Communlty.neI Pr ...... tl". Medicine In 
Yu ...... v ... nd U.S. Fri 11th. 12 p.m .. 
O •• n·. Offlc. Conf.r.nc. Room , 
(MA8H membe .. w"com.1 1101111 

PHILOSOPHY DEPARTMENT 
COLLOQUIUM: 'rof_or ThomH C. 
M.rk. PhllOioollY O_rtment. UCSO. 
Frldey, October 1 • . 3:00 p.m.. R ....... 
Coli... Formol Loun... " O,dln. 
Geometrlce O.monet,.ta: Spino .. '. 
UI. 01 the Geometricel M.thod." 
1101111 

Catering 
. Former asst chef of La Petite 
ferme of ew York City 
Present grad student S.D 
area . see ks lobs caterin g 
di nn e rs , lunches , cocktail 
parties Jam~s Taylor - 27~ 
5218 Local references La 
lalla. Del Mar. Ran cho Santa 
Fe 

The world 
you see 
Ctepends on 
the news 
you get 
Is your world narrow, flat 
and uninteresting , 
warped by other people 's 
opinions. uninspIring? 
You may need The 
Christian SCience 
Monitor - the 
internationa' dally 
newspaper. 
All kinds of peop'e - as 
unlike as Senator Barry 
Goldwater. Madame Mao 
and Waller Cronkite -
read lhe Monitor lor a 
clear. unbiased. hopefu l 
view of the world . It's a 
crisp. percep',ve 
selection of significant 
news and useful fealures. 
Try it. 15C on you, 
newsstand or news rack 
Or call 222.4383 

DIE 
CHIlISTIAN 
SCIENCE 
MONITUR. 
lor a I,esh look 
at the world 

As Ie for 2S Qu 
Collele Discount 

Pale 7 Triton Times October 1" 1~14 



far Slie ::J: .... AM ....... _ ... 2 
...... _."0_· 2 

_ra _ .111-. ....... 
tar"'.... Shure •• rtrlde.. Koe. 
h •• " ......... _ I'" Need _ for 
II. ...... , ...., ... m. 1101'" 
1IJIcu.HoMa", __ ...... AIIo 
TIIIIInI ....................... for 
,.. __ 1. 1101141 

• Votvo 122 ... ruM .... nMdI .... nt 
....... work. Beet ... AIM 2 white 

~. _ ...,. __ 110114' 

For .... • SacrIftoe . Movine to 
T ...... n •• r n.w furnltur.. M.d. 
•• droom •• t. . kln •• II. Itad. two 
nleti1lt.nd.. drea .. r. mirror ..... 
.......... Oak •. r Hutch ... 2·d_ 
R"'" .'21. Wllnut .... no WIokhim 
... CIIII 4I1-OJ11. 111114' 

WAV.E. IUrfItoerd ?DAT auper 1trOntI: 
___ today tW. -Ina .11. c.II 
."". 1'0/141 

72 8uluk1- -.:c nw ri... chlln. 
II'OOIlI1t. blnwy ... Call ...... 
110114' 
Dynamic IIkIl VRI 7 1M cm. N ___ 
It .. n mounted. '174 mod.l. c.1I 
--... .... 110/14' 

• CorveIr lGOd tIraI It lntI'na ... call 
lui .... 1101'4' 
..... kit haiti ... 210 cm _·no 
blndl""" no hoIII " . Cllil Bob GIl 
110/14' 
T .. Int make 10 ~ 110 call ..... 
"' .... (10/141 

21" glri·. ".peed bike. '111. CIIn ba _n 
In front of Muir Bldg. lA. Cllil ...... 
evening • . ('0/'41 
,. ALFA Romao cIMn. xlnt runnlnll 
condo ..., or bnt off.,. CllII 4I2-G40 
dlye. 413-11110 ev • . (10/141 
74 WurllU.r .Iac:. p"no hi. Int.rnel 
.mp .nd 4-1" .pa.k ..... Xlnt condo ... 
Steve .. 7I2I/J.n .... 1 • . (10/ 141 

P.ugot UOI 24" 4 mOl. old xlnt condo 
• '211 or b .. t off.r. C.II 7Ilti-7414. (10/141 

Rugby J.,..ye in v.riou. color com-
blne1lone to fit .ny .Iz. of .hI.... For 
Info: P."r: 7Ilti-7213. 110/141 

1 PRo U.S. dlv.n " Rocket" fin • . • 12.00 
brIInd _ . How.rd .t 412· ... (10/ 141 

B.II helm.t • • Iz. 7·3/8. $211 or t,.d. for 
blglllr one. Chlril. 411-0121. (101141 
. .. .. .urf brd. p ... tlc f.ntI.tlc. mu.t 
hlv. B.rtlem.n .tyl. to rid. It. C.II J 01 
(10/ '" 
Sunbalm Teflon Electric Frying p.n. 
nav.r uled. c.1I 217"'1 . p.m. (10/ 141 

USED BDOKS for currant c ...... ··CO· 
OP Book . .. R.v.lI. Infor. Loung.; M. W: 
1·3; T. Th. " .1.2-3; Fr. 11·3. (10/ 141 

71 YAMAHA 3IiO mu.t "" Immedl 
hlv. Uk.n b.by cer. of thl. blk.. It I. 
in xlnt runnlnll cond .nd look •• lmOit 
new. Nu tlr. ring.. cheln. clutch. 46 
mpg mu.t .. II. ..criflc. $271. K .. p 
t rylnll Doug 7Ilti-ti420. (10/141 
GEDRGE HARRISDN CDNCERTI 
Cholc. floor .nd log. III" LA. Forum 
No. 11 & 12 C.II 418-3146 lV.nlnll" 
(10/111 
ARIA 12-ltrlnll '75. F.nd.r 12·.trlnll 
,1.,. H.rmony .Iectrlc b ••• ...,. C.II 
1fi6.41., •• k for M.rt (10114' 

Unlvox 12-ltrlnll .Iectrlc lIuIUr· .JU;'1. 
condo N.w .175 plu •• 16 c •••. All . 75 or 
off.r . ...... 1 .ftar 6. (10/ 181 

13 D,"un pickup . • t .. 1 red I. I • • J.ck· 
m.ne P.rrls V.II.y Sh.lI. xln' t condo 
'2100. 4Il-41303. (1011" 
Puk • • Puke. wh.r.·. the puk.? To find 
out c.1I 4I3-G8II .ft.r ' . Supar • • Iection 
• nd qu.llty. (10/ 181 

Fr .. : B •• utlful P.nl.n kltt.n to lIood 
hom s. Approx 2 m o. old. m-627e. (10/1., 
Co l? r t .l.vlll on r.p. lr It pl ctur. 
. 1111 ,"'ant; auto body r'PDlr wort . .... 
359'i . (1 0 /181 

For .... Yem. he 12 . trnll gultlr w / c ... 
& a.;c • • or. MUlt • • 11 125 or bnt ofr. 222· 
2OIf, ('0/ 181 

Coli r t.l.vll lon . off.r. D .. k t30: 
tv!H'wrlt.r '20; M.th 100 toplca In 
. llIth,. & 140 . .... 31i17. (101111 

H.n • • n w.t lult. I. rll" FI .. penon "0" 
' 211 . • "143. (101181 

11k la .... . 11 BII"'" 1113-72. Exc.lI.nt 
condition . • 3.&0 •• c h. N_ volt flna. 1 pro 
IUper. 1 pro x"rg • • "0 IIch. C.II Bob 
m.a.o. (10/ 111 

Fr .. TV (old need. wkl w ith purc hl .. of 
. hort .kll. (flb.rll .... , .. (_ lor RKR 
'11. 4I3-m1. (101181 
17 V.n. nt • cyl. .uto. n_ tlr .. r.bullt 
30.000 mll_ '"0. teeO c.II .... Z7OI . ft.r. 
p.m. 110/111 

72 YW CII......, _ motor with 
wwnnty. AM ........ LookI eFelt. 
_~11OI21' 

_ Flat 1M1pt 00UIIe. AM-FM. radii .. 
...,., ...... condldon .mL AAlne 
.,.. m-8Jl. 111111' 
Free 10 eGOd home. Puff ........ _ Ion 
our I mClJ'dl OIt but our IIMIord 
dOlln·t. .hI·. hou .. ltrollln. catItoa 
Included. ZJI.IG2. 110111). 

.. 71.2 "J" aluminum taM , yr. old. 
"' cond . • • 1Ife __ no ad. cond. Larry 
Rm. _ Meteor. 111111' 

Good ranoh It huntlne doe: mall. I yra. 
old dina It 1IIIItIff. A eGOd luard doe 
to protlOt your home. ranch. or 
bull_ C.1I4I'I..f72D.-.I .... 110/"" 

PhIM 11 __ amp. 4 mo. old wI_ 
It fan ... 1_10'1 type 2 ..... ken. 2 
mo. old MJI. 412·_. 110/14' 

Watault. eoocI conclhlon. ta. cell 
1lIIph. ___ ,. 1111'4' 

Hlilky _ ru .. lrall w/tooll. epa ... 
parte __ or blat offw. Laa 41'1~ 
1_' x 2JM lde¥l' 110/111 

FOR SALE 2 ._tlrII xclnt cond. .... 
.1114 .• " for the pro Call _ ~ p.m. 
"'142. 1'0121' 
'13 CHEVY BELAIR·RIltuIlt Enel.,. 
Goodtl .... 11 m .... p_ atIIrine It 
b,.k_. AIR . ... 1 offer. CIII _ .,112. 
('0/21' 

23 In. ZEUS SUPREME BICYCLE ISI1 fro 
22 lb • . Ret M7II . .. or bait off. D.v. 
412 .... ('0/211 

HUMANIC SKI BOOTS Ladl ... Iz ••. 
C.II D.ne .t 412·125' . ('0/211 
N.w Ski P.ril. It Werm· up ... dl_ M· L 

I C.II Stlllhlni •• t 412·125'. ('0/211 

DRUM SET. Stick • . Book .• nd Prlletlc. 
p.d • . 27"-'-. ('0/2" 
FM St.,.o with tum tabl • • c."'" .nd 
• p .. ker •• '00. ~. D Le M .... 
Enclnlta • . ('0/21' 

3 Speed Bicycle In vary good condition. 
$40.00. 463-11'4. Rocky. ('0/2" 
7' Triumph Il00. Two C.rtt.. .tock. 
.xc.I"nt cond .• IiOOO ml .... .... m · 
3546 .mr • p.m. 110/2" 

W ... ult SII.ult M full· l.ngth u .. d 
twlc. ,xc. condo .. P.ul. 7115-5271 bef t 
.m . • f 11 p.m. or Iv m ... (10 /211 

1170 Hond. CL 4&0 Gd condo w/ h.lm.t 
• nd cycl. cov.r. A.k for Fred 454-0141 . 
(10/211 

M.mly. Sakor 1000 DTL 36 mm n .. r 
n.w c.ma,. .'&0. Zoom I.nl P.nUx 
Mt. 75-230 mm lid. condo .10. 727·31141. 
('0/21' 

W.t.ult b,.nd n_. Worn only onc • . 
P.rfect condo C.II 462-!M37. (10/ 211 

Mu.t S.II '11 R.n.ult R·10 30 mplI n_ 
redl.I ••• mog d.viCi •• tr body. gd paint. 
4 . pd. 4 dr • • x uphol.t.ry. B .. t off.r 
oV'r MOO by thil wHk.nd. 7'63-6475. 
(10/251 

72 Suzuki 2!iOcc TS StrHt/ Dirt bike 
parf.ct running condition. Look. Ilk. 
n.w .., or be.t off.r. KalP trying 
P.olo ___ or 464-8174. ('0/211 

Pol.rold 420 c.m.,. with focu.ed fll.h 
& tim.r. Llk. ~. $40 or b •• t·N.n., 
...... ftar 6:30. (10/211 

C,.ill Portabl. C .... tt rec'Ord.r • • uto 
l.v.1 "ttlng & .hutoff. Mu.t Mllxclnt 
condo ... -'-1. (10/211 

P.trl FTII SLR c.m.,. w/n.1I 136 mm 
I.n • . vlvlUr 1111 .Iect. fI •• h & K.I.or 
Elect. FI •• h. '1&0 l1l5-4I41 . T .... In-
. trum.nt • . d.t.· m.th c.'cul.tor. 
ch.ln/conlUnt op.retlon. Prfct cond .• 
•• klng ... .... , . (10 /21 1 

25" C.mp.nl. 10 Sp •• d Blk.. With 
Suntour d.,.11 fr "36 V.lu • • "00 or 
ba.t off.r c.1I 412-8463. ('0/211 

R.mlngton Portabl. typ_rtt.r " . 
BI.ck .nd Whit. T.V. MO. C.II Z7~ 
• fUr 6 p.m. (p10/111 

'11 M.G. Midget ~ tlr ... t.reo FM 
awl 1M. racent odd Job ,..oIved. rI 
m.p.II. 7IIO or b .. t Bob 716-6374. 110/21' 

Ski. K2-3' . 200 cm w/blndlnll' ... 
Boo.. ·I.no. PrOi Ilz .... 'O .. or m.k. 
off.r. C.II 224-tII4 p 'p (10/211 
74 Y.mahl _ Enduro xlnt condition 
mu.t MIl 271-2111 evenln.,.. 110/211 

UnlvlrIIIl backpack It f,.m. __ 
u.ed mUlt 1111 271-_ ev"" .... 
(10/211 

• MD NEW PANASONIC STERED. 
Recelv.r. TurnUb ... thl worts . • . Dr 
L PIVY ' .75W'7I. Aft.r 10 p.m. 110/21' 
7O-Glbeon EB·D B .... Exc". cond NIl. 
_ I .210 or bnt. CllII 7U-tm .ft., • 
p.m. ('0/211 

Pale 8 Triton Times Odober 18, 1974 

FandIr M ....... w/-. Allo ItICludld-
fuM box. ... or MIt offer. Grllt 
buy"""" __ 110121' 

wanted 
WANTlD: ........ to tutor In the 
MATH-.... YSICS CUNIC. MuM hive 
uPllar cIt"'on ItIndine" unital end 
• eood tu '''P.'' CIIII _-IJII or 
c_ 10 BlMC for Information 110/14' 

A cIaIIIoeI lultlrIIt who would ba 
wllllne to alva IaMona. Contlot Julie 
4IZ-IOG 110/'4' 

Fam.l. Trav.1 ComPlnlon wlnt.d: 
Europa UCSD Chart. Dec. 14-.I.n Z. Rnd 
trip .. LAlPlrIIIG-.ettI _.10'12-
1111111 

A '7·Yllr·oId J.pa_ liri _n1l to 
hive I panpal .boutthl lima ... In the 
U.S.A. If you .,. Inter .. tId In hlvine • 
penpal In Jlpan. cell Kallio fubcta It 
412·2Il0l. 110/'11 

NEED EXTRA CASH1 "Ivlne Top DoI"r 
for your U.I. SlIver Col.. Minted 
b1t0l'l 1 .... Ken _ ·1121. IP1O/IO. 

DESPERATEI Nead ride for diad 
c.-t ISFI wkd. of ,.. CIIn help 
w/D+G. aft. 10 pm Dt-I14IIKIIHy __ 
nil dy. 1'0/14' 

Lled/Rhythm lIultaitat _n .. to gat In • 
..nou. rock bind. Call ..... 110114' 

Thl UCSD dly ce... center nead. 
voluntaere to work with p,..echool 
chlld ... n for • min. of 3 hrIIweek. Ex· 
c.lI.nt .xp.rl.nc. for p.ychololY 
ml.!o,. or P,..med • . Contact JOII •• t 
412·Z711 betw .. n .:00 & 11:11. ('01141 

Need Prof. K.ybOird It horn p"y.r for 
•• mi-.tlldy working band. Dwlllht" 
1121. Mu.t hlv. t,.n • . 1'0/211 

Two G.org. H.rri.on f.ne need I rid. 
to .nd from LA. Forum. Mondly Nov. 
11 . Will .hI,. ",. 412·1117. (10/2" 
WANTED : A u •• d " Conc.pt. of 
Mod.rn Phy.lea" (R .... rl book. P ...... 
C.II Leurie: 7l1l-I210. 

F.m.l. Roomm.t. w.nted 2 bdrm. 
own room. nIIt. cllan . .. pr mo. Ellt 
S.n DI.go. C.II JOIn -'1011 . • ft. 6. 
(10/211 

MUSIC MAJOR or oth.n Into pllylng 
or .tudylng mu.lc: I'd Ilk. to Informally 
int.rvI_ you. T.lk .ny ty ... of mu.lc 
you',. Into. Hou .... t your conv.nlence. 
A f_ • poulbl.. C.II K.rin ""'27. 
(10/211 

personals 
B ... ·I·m not ,..lIy. d.mon. Ju.t no fun 
In the library. Try m •• I._h.re If you 
d.r • . St.v • . ('0 /1', 

17.1. my 2. Ilk .. your 2p. If you fill my 
s h.lI. wa c.n mlk. a cov.'.nt bond. 
21 .m . 

Ko.l. B •• r. how w.. m.tlng .t th. 
zo01 Pigl.t. (10 / 111 

The cut .. t IIUY I .v.r .. w w •• chlpplnll 
lira .. thru • bonll .t F.r.I' • . (10 / 111 

Anyon. who h .. conUct.d PJ Stow .. 1 
I •• dvl •• d to .... doctor·you ,,;.y hIv. 
the mump.,11 (10/181 

Suit. 300 Di.cov.ry H.II I. qu.,.n-
t lnedlll Th. r.bblt diad (10/ 111 

Ann. B.nan.: Thenk. for .11 the hllp 
.nd ev.rythlnll. I lov. you m.dly. TI .. r. 
(10/111 

Mak. w,y for the Homo.up.rior. It'. 
tim. for ch-ch·ch-chlng... Bowl • . 
(10/ 111 

PllllY of HI • . 11I-You·,. lov.'y f.c. I. 
crlltlng multlpl. dYlfunctlon. In.ld. 
my he.d Brownbe.rd. 110/'" 

Murry Goodm.n of O-Ch.m. I .nJoy 
your v.ry an.r .. tlc .tyl. of in.tructlon. 
(10/ 181 

ILUNOIS BOY It BELVEDERE BELLE·· '. 
It • g.m. or • m.tch? 110/ 181 

Rob-RTS .nd Rob-RTS: Who'. c.lllng 
the p .. y.? (10/181 

Hey. Doc ugly .. hell; H.ppy Big III 
Ben.r w.tch yourMlf; Roneld I. f.lllng 
In lovel S .... mo. (10/111 

D.v • •. UCLA I. up thl creekl Check 
your car· l·m two up on you nowl 
Shliley "01111 

KlVln H Your Parmlleut II .0 
monumantel _ .re oolne to .. m. • 
bulldlno after It. L_ KftCltP&A 
110/111 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY UNDAI K.thy & 
your pI .. on .. p_ho 11011" 

Chari o· of IPS. Whirl I,. you7 P .... 
the hedln-'U. c.II m • • _ ·17M. ('0/'" 
Rob. HIPPY EllhtIIn1hlll I love you. 
Norme (10/ 11' 

Panoho. Happy .Irthday! ari ...... 
.. y GrineOl dI _ y "Inoho II 110/111 

CIIthy·.on A""'--Ire. Hopefully at 
_ un PIV dI c:Mhce the tutu ... wiN 
Itrine ...... and better thInga. Love 
UndI et DIa. 11011. 

R. Why don't you _ up Ind _ ma 
_tlm.luae which D. 1'0/11' 

I'm 10 LONEly. MuntlO 110/1., 

To my crrzv. lnfkIeI. .lao fan clult: many 
thenkl for I Ihlnd. Jolt waH doN. Lone 
1Iv. _ II.,..P.B. 1111111 

Pllnut; H_'d you Ilk. to hind _ 
phonae up? I'd love It. Jln 1101111 

WhltlUP K.ran tooItuIy111 Lookout EJ 
_ FANTASnCllllnd thenu for e ..... 
.. cltltlona Dlbltlelill D.K. 1'0/111 

CIOIIt ZlonIItI. you can _ out _. 
Wed Oct. " 7:10 pm R..,.... Informal 
Lou,,". Bar I_hov. 110/11' 

IOZON···A will man _ aeIcI "H. 
who fwIItI lilt fwIItI bIIt" wllhlno 
YOU many tutura 1Hu1_ TVIG 110/11' 

Steven L .. HAPPY BIRTHDAYIII ... M.ry 
1'0/111 

Linda .orry I foreot today _ your 
birthday. So HIPPY Birthday. You k_ 
who. ('0/111 
ZIIIY. YOU',. the It ....... _',. the 
.pldan from M..... Lady StardUl! 
1'01111 

Dllr Bu ... HIPPY 14th .nnlv_rylll 
Lov •• nd nOHY k ...... Schmotz 1'0/'" 

P.ul. 1m w.tchlne you In Ph¥llc. lee. If 
you w.nt to milt ma w .. r Witch on 
rillht wrl.t to Mon. Lac:. 1'0/'" 

To .hotgun ... Thlnkl for l'IICulng m • . 
N.xt tim. I will WAr .h-. Signed lnot 
• 1w.y.1 Predlctabl • . ('0/111 
KIRK··H.,.·. your ... nonalll K.,.n 
(R.m.mbar thlt big nlllht ... t quarter?1 
(10 /181 

H.y Rick baby hIIrd you hid .nother 
y .. r .nd dldn't grow .n Inch tallar oh 
w.1I h.ppy Birthday Lov. Nita. 1101111 

C,.III U.·.tlll think you c.n hlndle • 
doub" ml.!or7·my condo,,"_ .ftar 
thlt g,.d. In your lilt hll10ry paper. 
D.lbert ('0/18' 

B.n F.·Gat w.1I .oon '0 w. can I" you 
• plzz.' TecCi. ZlCk. D .. OH. .nd 
D.lbart 1'0/'8' 

Amy-whit hili mora pOWIr then .n 
locomotlv •• nd "," to my lit 3A c .... 
on • bounc.? Youl from CC ('01111 
BECKY: H.ppy Blrthdlyl Ie thet " on 21 
or I think 21 on " . H.v. the bait of 
dly • . Lov. John ('0/'" 
Sorry Chlrll., D.IIY 

car pools 
Looklnll for. Clr pool from P.B. to 
UCSD. Houn • to 6 dilly 1100 .. 1. C.II 
B.ml • . 270-211' . 110/21' 

C.rpool from Bonltl & CV. MWF '0-3. 
T.Th 1·3. Willing to com. llri"r & 'Uy 
til 4. J.rom. 471-1271. 110/141 

housing 
B.chelor .pt. Le Jolla VIIIIO" 1m· 
med .... occupancy 3111 U V .. Allcanu 
for further Inform.tlon. 1'01141 . 

F.m undergrld looking for rm. In hM. 
or .pt. Clmt. .,.. .bout .75 fur. or 
unfur. C.II 271-~. 1101141 

For rant 2BR. , BA. G.r .. Ia,.. y.rd, 1 ml. 
to UCSD •• v.lI. ,"ow .'10. CllII _:zn. 
fiI32. ('0/'4' 

RENT: Unfurnl.hed townh_ nIIr 
Clmpu.. 2 BR. pa1l0. carport, pool. 
tZ7I/month. CIII: m ·ID1. Ip'0/21, 

$321. mo. SPlCtlcullr 2 BR. 2BA on 
MI .. lon B.y till 1 July. pyt patio. fIIlc. 
cp". cont.mp fum. w •• hlr·dry.r ... 
75" . 222'-",223-'317. (P'0/1I1 

Roomm ... w.nted to .hI,. .pt. own 
room. own bath. .". III uti. palel. 1JJ14 
M.ngo Dr .. D.I M.r . • pt. 221. ('0114' 

F.m.l. roomm.t. for • Itdrm. D.M. 
hou .. ; 2 rm • . open; M7.1O ... " . No 
rllCtionarilll C.II .. 14D. 110114. 

RENT: Unfurnllhad townhoull nIIr 
camput. 2 B't patio. carport. pool 
ml/ month. CIIII: m ·lII'I . IP1OI21. 

F ..... 1e roomma1ll _ntId .1.hI ... 
.'27 .• own room. _"'. 110/.' 
2 IR Apt. .tLa Jol .. V ..... upper level. 
AvIIl 10/" .. % mI .. frill. echool on 
GHman. _~. 110/111 

Completely tumlehed I ... rm hou_ 
PR. laI'eI yard. Cow.ad ... 110, lOOCI 
...... _/mo. -'1417. (111.' 
Mala, 2Z ILIO'. _nta to !'lilt rMm In 
.... houH. Del M.r or La J .... Y_r 
round homa. Rant AIIIWOIL •• /mo. 
COld with 2 or I othara. ConttanIaI peop". Cllil D ..... --. 110111' 

Nead third paraon to .hI,. 2·ltdrm lilt 
In P .•. Own ~ "/mo. pl'Ifar car. 
Vicki or Charyl m-«DI. 110/21' 

Completely furnllhlcl31R houM In PI. 
La,.. Ylnt C-.cI patio. eoocl ..... 
I3OImo. "1417. 110/'11 
Female roommatl w.nted 10 lhlra apt 
In PB. Your oWn utll.lncL". :zn.~ , 
1'0121' 

RmmlU to .hlre , BR lilt. PB c ... · to 
bIIch. .hop 1tuI. tIZ.IO prefer quiet 
non-.mokor. Call ...,. _ 110121. 

MBlocham Ired hal room to lharlln La 
JoIII ......... ,., Call Tony. _ .... 
110121' 

, alri Ind 2 ..,.,. MIll MConcI alri 10 
.,. .. noa.1m ......... ln our4ltdr. '--. 
Bay Plrk. .'10 mvnth. ~. 110/11' 
Av ...... wORT: L". hi .. own room 
pOMIIt .. ok. Ali ..... M or F cell .... 
3411. 1"/4' 

Nead famale roomm,*, POit Dec • La 
JoIII VIII . • '00/mo It food & utll 1 Muir 
It 1 RIV .... stuclln1 _ . 1'0121' 

F.m.1e llreel stu roommaU to .hI,. 
r.nted 2 bed 2 bath ItIrt Nov. 1. C.II 
270-1'33 In PI ('0/21' 

SurfltOird. T . ... fun to rid • . $2Ii or beat 
off.r. 412-'711 ••• k for K.n. 1'0/111 

W.nted: M or F rmmt. to .he,. 2 bdr. 
.pt on M .... on ...,/mo. C.II Geo,...t 
.... ,22 before 8 .m or .ft.r 1:30 p.m . 
(10/211 

Rm ... for' bdrm D.M. hie; 3 rm. open; 
MO; .11. G.rdan; .v.lllble n_. No 
raac:tlonerl_1 C.II "'423. 1'0/211 
F.ml" roomma.. w.nted to .hI,. 2 
bedroom .pt with 2 other gl,.. .., • 
month & u1l1h111 pool & COilt cru"" 
pa._ right In front. C.II Su... 413-
.1'. 110/21' 

O.reg ••. or .hlre room with f.mal. 
Ired stuclant live with 4 cono_ .. 1 but 
Itudlou. IIlrl.. Pr.f.r non.mok.r· 
f.m.I • . Live In Unlv City 4 ml'" from 
Clmpu •• bu. trenapo. C.II_nl ... 413-
" . 110/211 

R.nt: Fuml.hed Apartm.nt DII M.r, 1 
BR living room·khchln. carport. pool . 
.'./mo. C.II 'III-GII. Ip10/D, 

UNPLANNED PREGNANCY? Con· 
fld.nt .. 1 count.llng. fm Pl'lOnency 1ft... .bortlon It birth control 1 .. 1.t. 
BIRTH CDNTROL INSTITUTE 213-13&1 
(101111 

Portrel ... color or b It W. You choOll 
.attlng. IMld. or out. Chllpl ""'. 
(10/211 

TENNIS LESSONS: St.v. B •••• tt 
(m.mbar USPTA' • • tud.nt ,. ...... 
3711 (p101181 

services 
K.ra" . Introductory COUrll' weak bI-
weekly .11 for mOl'l Info call ~ 
John. ('01141 

p.rt· tlm. woril: n_ hlrinl for our 
revolutionary _ blcycl. product. 
You' lI b •• maed .t thl tremendoul 
fI_lblllty of worklne h ..... nd monetary 
rawercl. Col.... .tudan... Morf. call 
PUriult Ent.rprl... 'nc. 270·Il10. 
(P10/21 I 

Typl.t.: , BM·T.rm p.p.r· 
.11ttaIeII dllHrtationalatc . 
Edhine/Rulh JoItII/X_x. Andl: ~ 
ao7 It ..... IP1O/21' 

Elm up to "200 • echool y .. r handlnll 
POlt.,. on Clmpu. In .pa,. time. S.nd 
nem ••• dd,.. •. phone .nd echool to: 
Coordlnetor of C.mpue Rep.....,.. 
.. tIvM. P.D. lox 1 •• Ann Arbor. MI. 
4I'lOl. (P'0/'1I 
Typl.t. F .. t. Electric typ_rlter. 10 Cln" 
Plr palli. Cllil .... 1Z72. ('0/'" 

travel 
EURDPE-ISRAEL. AFRICA .tud.nt 
flightl •• VIIr round CONTACT: IKA 
_ UnI-.Ity Ave . • " Ian D",o. 
Cllilf. 1121" TlL:C714. 217·'" 121 •• _ 
_ IIl1"Z71 

~UROPE. I.RAlL .. DRIENT. L_ cOlt 
Itudent ",-II ... I year round. A.1.8. T. 
1GI • . La C ...... Ivd. Loa ~, 
_ C714' __ or t21IJ ~~ •• 
(P1'/27I 


