
Brown: $5 for Lunch,$l00 for Dinner GSU Votes 
On Union 
Affiliation 

'Things are Bad': They Loved It 

The good times are over. 

by Mark Stadler 
NewlEditor 

That .was the message Gov. Brown gave to the 750 people assembled at 
the US Grant Hotel for a no-host lunch Friday afternoon. 

He told the overwhelmingly white , upper-middle class assemblage that 
"the accumulative demand (on government) outruns what everyone is 
willing to pay"-and they loved him for it. 

He told them "unlimited expansion" is over. '''Difficult and even 
painful choices lie ahead"-and they hailed him as the next President. 

Therein lies the paradoxical appeal of Jerry Brown. 
Of course, the people at the $5-apiece luncheon may not have believed 

Brown. 
But he was dead serious when he discussed his 

"new spirit, a spirit of b~ and compassion and 
thoughtfulness, but to do so within limits that I per-
ceive and that I see upon us. 

" It's a very hard thing in this state which has only 
known growth and easy opportunity, just as it is a 
very difficult thing in this country to face without 
flinching the fact that growth, easy mobility and 
access, which we've all enjoyed for so long, is not 
quite what it used to be." 

CaltraDs Employeel 
Not everyone at the luncheon was a Brown-fan. 
One table was filled with employees from the state 

Department of Transportation, which has been hit by 

Need for Unity Addressed 
by Sara Lowen 

Community Editor 
In one of his first ventures into political fund ralsmg, since last 

November Gov. Brown spoke here last Friday at a $100 a plate banquet 
for state Senator James Mills. 

Addressing an audience of 600 at the Kona Kai Club, Brown spoke of his 
accomplishments as governor, the porblems of the 1970s and the need for 
unity in fighting those problems. 

Brown termed his first year in office " a pretty good year," pointing to 
such achievements as the farm labor bill , closing lax loopholes, keeping 
state taxes down and reducing the penalties for drug use. 

Brown also cited as one of his accomplishments the 
" new talent" he has brought to Sacramento. " There 
are many new people in Sacramento, people who 
have talent and energy, but weren't given a chance 
before, " he said. 

Avoiding Extremes 
Brown summed up the past year as " a balance; 

we've tried to thread our way between the extreme of 
either direction." Brown said there are many 
problems still to be solved, though he commented 
that the banquet was not the forum for dismal news. 

The Governor referred to the problems of the 
seventies as "economic change and increasing 
demands for equality." To solve these problems, he 
said, " the people as well as the leaders must work 

Coatlnued OD Page 1% Gov_ Brown Continued on Page 12 

'Wont Some Original Artwork?' Trouble ov~r AfAc Post 
Th~M~2~ic C~~~!!!!!~~~ Averted Thursday 

The Con. art sale Saturday afternoon. 
The very word brings a glint of Original art work, by such 

excitement to the eyes of any true recognized pros as Steranko and 
comic book freak. Charlie Schulz, was on sale, and 

A con, or comic-convention, was " It all goes to bail the Comic-Con 
held last weekend in the El Cortez out." 
Hotel. It was part two of the San If that statement was true, the 
Diego Comic Convention; part one Con sank. Artwork, whether it sold 
was held in August. One thousand for $8 or $50, did not go well at all. 
people attended this sequel, and Even Comic-Con founder Shel 
were treated to old movies, guests Dorf's best sales pitch failed to 
from various media , an art sale convince buyers to buy : 
and a medium-sized dealers' room. " Do you know what it is to own 

The movies included rare Walt original artwork? .. ! guess you 
Disney films, a James Dean people just don ' t appreciate 
feature and a Boris Karloff film original artwork." 
festival. The festival, held Friday The pitch did not impress the old 

Serious trouble primarily due to 
misunderstanding was averted last 
Thursday over the hiring of a 
student affirmative action CooT-
dinator. 

The misunderstanding arose 
over the nature of the position, 
whether the person was to work 
primarily as a Women's Center 
Coordinator or as a general student 
affirmative action coordinator. 

A search committee was com-
missioned to find a person for the 
job. They interviewed many 
people, and decided on Maria Del 
Drago, from UCBerkeley. George Murphy 

Choices AFSCME, 
AFT, No Union 

By Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

The Graduate Student Union 
(GSU ) heard from representatives 
of two unions , discussed 
unionization and commenced 
voting on those issues at their 
meeting last Thursday night. 

Voting will continue through next 
Wednesday. 

At the meetil1g discussion 
primarily centered on union af-
filiation. Arguments from both 
sides of that issue were heard, as 
well as presentations by two AFL-
CIO unions-the American 
Federation of Teachers (AFT ) and 
the Association of Federal, State, 
County and Municipal Employees. 
(AFSCME). 

Join " Broader Movement" 
The GSU Steering Committee 

presented a position paper in favor 
of affiliation. It is the committee's 
view that " to strengthen ourselves 
for a long-term effort, it is crucial 
that we join the broader labor 
movement, affiliating with one of 
the AFL-CIO unions active within 
the UC system AFT or AFSCME." 

The committee a lso stated that 
affiliation with an AFL-CIO union 
would lead to membership on the 
San Diego Labor Council, which 
would give its sanction to the GSU 
strike, if unopposed by other on-
campus council members. 

An opposing viewpoint written 
by one of . the GSU members 
showed concern for the cost of 
affiliation and the true support that 
would be garnered through 
unionization. 

Membership dues would amount 
to $20-30 per year per member, but 
what, asked the GSU member, 
"could we expect in return for our 
money?" 

Continued on Page 8 

Privacy Act 
Guidelines for access to 

records concerning students 
and faculty are printed today 
in the Triton Times on page 10. 

night, was the highlight, with such 
classics as "Charlie Chan at the 
Opera" and " Abbott and Costello 
Meet Frankenstein. 

The Dealers' Room is the focal 
point of any con. At a large con-
vention it is like Fun Row at a 
county fair. The various dealers, 
like barkers, call out to passers-by : 

The True History 
of Superman 

At the Comic-Con, Jerry Siegel, 
who created Superman in the 19308 
with Joe Shuster, told the true 
story behind the creation of . the 
Man of Steel. 

Last Tuesday, Vice-chancellor 
and Dean of Student Affairs 
George Murphy announced the job 
was no longer in existence, 
because the position advertised 
and interviewed for by the search 
committee was not the same asihe 
job that needed to be filled, in his 
estimation. 

State Scores in 3 Rs in 
12th Grade Fall Again 

"Interested in original artwork?" 
Wanna buy some Fantastic Fours-
cheap?" Their tables are often 
arranged colorfully' and 
'lrategically, to lure the hapless 
comix freak in. 

The Dealers' Room last weekend 
was smaller and mellower. This 
made it at once more enjoyable 
and often less satisfactory. You 
could linger at a dealer's table 
without the dealer trying to sell you 
something but there was much less 
va riety in selection. 

There is rio typical comix freak, 
or convention-goer. Some are old, 
though more are young. Some have 
long hair, some short. Some are 
convention veterans, some brand 
new and goggling. The stereotype 
is the short, young prodigy, with 
thick glasses and thicker wallet. 
who runs aroWld making shrew~ 
deals on comic books and Mister 
Spock posters. 

It is disheartening to a poor 
college student to see a twelve-
year old peel off five-PI bills and 
buy one comic book. 

But tbere wasn't that many 01 
those sales. At both the summer 
and winter cons, sales have shown 
the effect of the general economy. 
Prices were much lower at lasl 
week's con than the summer, 
where some dealers reported 10" 
sales. 

There are really two aspects to 
the creation of Superman. One was 
that Joe Shuster and I collaborated 
on newspaper strips Uke Detective. 
Whenever we offered these strips 
to the editor they would say, 'Wow! 
It 's not bad, but it's not sensational 
enough.' 

We kept bearing that line so often 
that I figured I bad to think up 
something so sensational that tbey 
couldn't lay that. Then up came 
Superman. They said tbat tbis 

Continued on Pap 10 

"Substantial Difference" 
Murphy said Thursday afternoon 

he thought " a significant nwnber" 
of search committee members saw 
their search as one for a Women's 
Center coordinator, who would 
work a little on gener;al student 
affinnative action. He, on the other-
hand, saw the position as a general 
coordinator of all student af-
firmative action, with principle 
responsibility, at first, for the 
Women's Center. 

This, Murphy, said, was a 
Contiuued on Page 8 

SCAR to Protest School 
Cutbacks in NYC 

Mike Zarate, a member of the UC San Diego chapter of the Student 
Coalition Against Racism (SCAR) says SCAR will ask Student 
Cooperative approval of a resolution endorsing a demonstration and 
march in New York City to protest education cutbac::ks in the financially 
troubled city. 

The city administration, forced to make broad, deep budget cuts in an 
attempt to avoid default, has listed education among the items of lowest 
priority. 

The resolution, which has already been approved by the Associated 
Students eowreil at San Diego State University, would emorse a 
demonstration at New York's city hall Nov. 17, and a national march on 
Washington Nov. 19. 

The resolution passed at SDSU reads, In part, "Cutbacks in education 
and financial aid In NYC have beMun to drastically affect the educational 
standards of our (own) university system and undennine the right of 
every student to a decent education." 

Results of California's 1974-75 
statewide testing program show 
that scores in reading , writing, and 
mathematics continue a five-year 
decline at the 12th grade level and 
are below the national average. 

Alexander I. Law, chief of the 
California State Department of 
Education's Office of Program 
Evaluation and Research, released 
the state Board of Education 
meeting last week. 

Test scores in reading at the 12th 
grade level dropped 6 percentile 
poiQts from 1973-74 and 11 per-
centile points from 1969-70 results. 
This year's results showed scores 
to be nine percentile points below 
the national average. 

"Our high school seniors can 
read well for detail or for detecting 
the main idea of a passage," Law 
stated. " But they encounter dif-
ficulty in perceiving cause-and-
effect relationships or in predicting 
Dutcomes and consequences from 
material read." 

As in previous years, test scores 
in writing skills and language 
achievement at the 12th grade 
level were considerably lower than 
any other area tested by the 
statewide program. 

The language assessment· ad-
visory committee said the per-
formance of higlt school seniors in 
capitalization and punctuation was 
below expectations. 

In punctation, only 59 percent of 
the high school seniors recognized 

an error in the contraction 
" should 'nt" . and "isn't." the 
commitee added, "The weakness 
in punctuating possessives , 
perhaps excusable in the 6th grade,· 
was hard to justify at the 12th 
grade level. " . 

The committee 's findings 
showed that high school seniors 
had difficulty discriminating 
between effective , succinct 
statements and less effective, 
wordier sentenc.<!S. 

Test scores in mathematics are 
now nine percentile points below 
the national average. The 
mathematics assessment advisory 
committee said 12th grade 
students were adaquate in com-
putation of whole numbers , 
fractions and decimals and could 
solve simple equations. They also 
performed well in geometric skills 
and in reading from a graph. 

A weakness was noted in com-
puting percentages. Only 56 per-
cent of the high school seniors 
could find the answer to this 
problem: " This discount is 15 
percent of $9~1. What is the sale 
price? " 

Afte.. v it; w illl!j \.11 I t::"u.i~ il'ulIl 
statewide testing, Law said that an 
empasis on improving ttv> in-
stuctional program will be placed 
on the higher grades during the 
next two to four years, primarily 
as a result of the efforts of the 
Reform of Intermediate and 
Secondary Education Program. 

' s 



...... G.8eto 
CIty edtt.r . 

Craia Udllcta 
Opinfoe edllor 

Man St8d1er 
Newledl .... 

San LoweD 
CommuJty editor 

The Jriton Time~ is recognized as the officio I student newspaper by 
the CommunicatiGns Board of UCSO. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of the majority of the editorial boa,d (above). and not the 
viows of the University. the Co~municalions Boord 0' the studenl 

~. 

Or the Bush 
BeJiaDbtl Wed .... y, .... e UDdergraduates - mOlt of tbem In tile 

lower dlvisiaa - will flad IIIat their TAl are mlsslq claues. 
It wiD be, for a Iaree .Ulber of tbae ..... ergraduates, tbe flnt clue 

,lutt tben is a aaJoo of lfllduate studellll at UC San Diege. Many of them 
wea't realize that the .... bas been aroad slace last spriDg, that It has 
jockeyed a rather simple set of four delD8Ddl through every UDiverslty 
clwuael tllere Is, ud that, flDaUy, has voted for a tbree-day wort stop-
page this week aud an bldeflnite strike ne:a:t l(Uarter. 

AU tbey realize is that they don't understand differentials yet, 8IId the 
fiDalls Ina week aDd alutH. , 

This set of ukDowtq [of tile GSU aDd of dHferentlals] uudergraduates 
is sort of coming Ia on the tail end of it all, because tbere's 1101 much left to 
argue about. 

That is, the GSU .... four demaDds they say wiD take _,000 to meet. 
The administratiaa says there's no money, but that It would take $800,010. 
The GSU says that there is money, aDd points out a number of ex-
travageaces that cou1d he eliminated or cut down, or where investments -
- in tbls case, In laud - could be haDdled more wisely. 

Most of the examples, in tbe administration's eyes, come d0'?,l to 
variations on what one official caUed suggestiollS that UCSD sell 
UDiverslty House." 

The GSU calls them a reordering of priorities. A popular phrase. 
Well, we've tried to trim away the gristle and come up with what we 

feel are tbe tbree essential facts of the matter: 
11 Undergraduate education isn' t getting any better. There are balf the 

number 01 sections as last year in the largest math courses. ADd at a time 
wben educators are trying to figure out wby more and more students 
can't wrtte hy the time they get to college, the Humanities sequence is 
lessening wrltinl requirements because of tbe graduate student cruJlCh. 

These, as they say, are facts . 
2) UCSD has one of tile worst TA-to-undergr~duate ratios In th.e ~ystem. 

Of course the administration's figure would dIsagree, hecause It IS based 
on state s~pport plus this year's emergency work-study support from tbe 
federal government. 10 other words, UCSD state-plus-US support is 
compared to other campus' state support ooly. 

In reality, while the University is supposed to be working toward an 
average ratio of 40: 1 in three years, for 1975-76 UCSD had taken a step In 
the srong direction. . 

Some say UCSD is getting sbortchanged when it comes ltme for the 
University to distribute support money for its grants. But whatever the 
problem is: you don 't get to 40: 1 by adding natural numbers. . . 

3) UCSD has one 01 the higbest administrator:to student ratIos 10 .'he 
system. The administration [who else?] says It is because of ScripPS 
Institution of Oceanograpby and the medical school; the GSU sa~ other 
campuses have good graduate programs, too, and that UCSD IS over-
administrated. 

The last report of the Western Associatation of Schools and Colleges, a 
voluntary accrediting or~nization. supported that poslti~n. . 

So we're back to reordering of priorities, a concept that IS often 1Ovoked 
when the money runs out. People seem to think the function of reordering 
priorities will somehow generate morc dough. 

Of course at the end of every body of money WiUl a fancy name is 
someone s~eeping the floor and barely making it, or a .researcher 
working to feed his family. [f we layoff grouuds people to hire TAs, we 
have still layoffs. "But we're in the business of education," the GSU 
might respond. . 

Yes but if the Teamsters for one reason or another stol'lped Illaktng delive~ies we wouldn' t be in the business of anything. 
The an~wer is not pleasant. For all tbe GSU's research, it is quite 

obvious money is tight at UCSD [yes, administrators make ~ lot of 
money. Tbey do everywhere. We can think of few ways to take It away 
from them ). So UCSD wrings its bands and looks to Berkeley. Berkeley 
wrings it bands and looks to Sacramento. And in Sacramento t~ere sits a 
governor who has realized that there is a finite amount of money, and that 
to give more to UC is to take fr4m the poor and tbe bilngry. 

Tbe GSU ' wbich has tried to seem oh-so working class 1 has said it 
doesn't advocate taking from the poor and the bungry. but rather wants a 
redistribution of funds within the University. Fine. But there is not a 
single expenditure that is not depended on by someone for his living, from 
the Chancellor's gardener to the man wbo vaccums the Mandeville suite. 
And while a lot of administrators make a lot of moncy, a number of them 
also perform vital functions, and some of tbese perform them well. And 
anyway, despite Gov. Brown, the difference)n income between a chan-
cellor and a janilor will remain the same. 

This, also, is f:,ct. . 
Therefore, wc support the work stoppage by the GSU, just as we would 

support any stl ik by any group of frustrated wo.rkers who want to 
r 'order prloriti !s with themselves on top. But creepmg over the edge of 
uur consciousne js is the realization that we aren't here just for education, 
but ~ be a responsible segment of a larger society. The GSU, at the 
moment, is thJ! ame as the Rlversid blometiiC'al program, the 
University's stTu~ling affirmative action programs and tbe college at 
UCSD that. as yet has no bUildings. The same as all the people and 
IJrograms in a t 'ni ersity that is beginning to discover how good it had it, 
and that being f'lr ed to reallze that it is not in Oz, but In Califomia, where 
IIlC pie Is geUin ~ smaller and smaller and the will of tbe people to provide 
more revenue i shrinking comparatively. 

There is no doubt that the undergraduate, with bis ootebook opened on 
his dcsk and his eag r eyes on the blackboard that will remain blank, is 
aught in th middle. His TA wlll seem Important to him, because his TA 

is th ooly one who, at thi point, can explain differentials. Possihly 
because the professor's Ie tures have been so oblique and self-Indulgent 
that the concept wasn't made as clear as it eould have been from the 
beglnnillg. 

Howev r , as we com to realize, finally, that we are not alone in the 
world. we hay difficulty decldiJlg who. really,ls rpore important : the TA 
or the garden r who trims the hancellor's bushes. 

" 
I II. "' I' ••. 

.. I '" 

Mo ..... y, Novembern, 1171 

'United W~ Stand, Divided We Fair 

Women's Center. Fun, Fellowship, learning 
by Debora Weber 

What on earth is a Women's 
Center? What would one do, or find 
there? 

Not having the faintest idea of an 
answer to these questions, I 
dropped in a few weeks ago. I was 
pleasantly surprised. 

I am not your everyday female 
activist, but] am a woman, and 
very much concerned about things 
like equal rights , equal op-
portunities, and even how to fix a 
car. 

I foond the Women's Center, 
located on Muir campus by the 5 
and Dime Coffee shoP, a place with 
answers. They have a small but 
good library filled with books, 

. magazines, pamphlets, and 
newsletters dealing with women. 
One can lind books concerning the 
history of the woman'S-- rights 
movement, child care, and even 
one on how a car is put together 
and its mechanical functions. 

There are also some very 
comfortable chairs, carpeting, and 
a magnificent (?) view of Tioga 
Hall. The center is divided into 
three rooms, a lounge, a meeting 
room, and an office. There are 
notices of lectUres, petitions, and 
sign-up sheets for interest groups, 
covering the bulletin board that 
serves as a room divider. The 

atmosphere is friendly, and the 
people nice. 

Last Friday, as - I sat there 
reading MI. ] noticed a girl with a 
~itar enter the room. Within five 
minutes there were banjoes, 

-guitars, even a flute . They pulled 
out some music and began to play. 
Not feminist music, but good-old 
backo(!ountry bluegrass, popular 
songs; \ just anything that was 
playable by the group. As I am 
never without my recorder, I 
joined in and spent a very en-
joyable afternoon. 

Politics: James G. Soto 

There are a lot of opportunities 
for fun, fellowship, or for learning. 
I think it's a valuable asset to our 
campus. ] only wish that we could 
somehow have a person center, 
where one could find out about 
oneself and others. We are, most of 
us, humans, and conceivably profit 
from more an "all inclusive" 

gatheriDl~ olace than from mant 
factional ones. "United we stand, 

divided we fall," does contain an 
element of truth. It's something to . 
think about in these divisive days. 

Phillip Marlowe Follows it ~p 
• 'The Presidential Sweepstakes of 

1976" ought to be the title of a 
Raymond Chandler mystery novel. 

Chandler, of course, was the 
famous mystery writer who 
created that cool and caustic wit, 
Philip Marlowe. Chandler died in 
1959 here in La Jolla, but Marlowe 
has ~ontinued to be immortalized, 
especially on the silver screen. 

When Chandler died in 1959, life 
was more simple. Back in '59 
Marlowe never had to abandon his 
sordid crusade against bizarre 
crime, because there was not 
anything else that might attract his 
rather musty talents. Foreign_ 
affairs was simpler, economics 
was simpler and pro football was 
simpler. Even politics had a 
refreshing simplicity. 

The only mystery in politics was 
whether the party bosses in their 
smoke filled rooms, would pick the 
party favorite for nomination, or 
whether the bosses would seek to 
create their own Frankenstein. 
Today, nobody knows what a pa':'y 
Cavorite is, and even if they dId, 
nobody belongs to a party anyway. 

Today however, things have 
become so complex and con-
tradictory, that st(Jmeone with a 
tough and inquisitive nature like 
Marlowe is needed to sort out this 
twisted and increasingly covert 
election campaign. 

If this were a Marlowe movie 
with Bogart or Mitchum, or even 
Elliot Gould, our story might begin 
something on this note. 

" It all began with Watergate 
four years ago. I was working on a 
runaway child caper in DC when I 
first heard about the Democrats 
office being bugged. 

Bush League Stunt 
At first I wasn't interested. It 

sounded like the Democrats maybe 
bugged themselves. It didn't figure 
that the Republicans would try 
such a bush league stunt. I thought 
Scoop Jackson, or maybe Mayor 
Daley, tried to pull a fast one on the 
National Headquarters. You know 
those two stili had it in for that guy 
from South Dakota and his crazies 
that had wormed their way into the 

,pany organization without the 
bosses knowing what was going 
on.tt 

Marlowe thinks like anyone else, 
and might have considered elec-
tions at one time to be relatively ' 
easy thing. Nobody figures that 

elections get influenced by tacky 
little episodes like Watergate. 

Marlowe continued: "But who 
could think that this little heist 
pulled off by a few small time 
Cubans could result in Nixon losing 
his job. Only a few months before, 
that Greek-they called him Spir~ 
gets bumped off on a tax rap. 

I just don't understand it. We got 
this guy from Grand Rapids as 
President. Nobody would have bet 
a nickel on Ford four years ago as 
a White House possibility. 

Rockerfeller is the guy who has 
got me worried the most. Look at 
the dough the character has. He's 
lost three times in trying to be 
president and now he's only a 
heartbeat away. Who likes the 
guy? I don't know a Democrat who 
likes him and most Republicans, 
especially the Conservative ones, 
would just as soon knife him in a 
dark aUey." 

That strange turn of events 
which led to two presidents and 

three vice-presidents in the space 
of a year- a year where there was 
no election- is a little to much' for 
anyone to handle, even Marlowe. 

Back In '" 
On another oddity Marlowe 

continues: "I started following this 
Wallace character around the 
country back in64, the first time he 
ran for president. I thought then 
like so many people think now: the 
Wallace campaign is filled with a 
lot of crackerbarrel types who in 
no way could move the big boys 
around, the big boys like Larry 
'O'Brian and Robert Strauss. Well, 
O'Brian is playing basketball now, 
and Strauss is acting like Wallace 
is his long lost brother. " 

Marlowe might be most confused 
by the plethora of candidates the 
Democrats have opposing Wallace. 

He might say: " There are so 
many Democrats running that you 
would think the president has got 
some top numbers or vice racket 

Continued on Page 8 

"WI H,., predel. 1I0Il11. • f_ tf.. ........ ,..., 
IRI •• I" 

.... . 

Moaday, NneIUer 17,1f7I 

Letten to the Editor 

No Peace on TM Issue 
Every Bite Annoying -Beware Cults 

the past few Issues of this newspaper have contained two letters which 
discussed or argued the topic of Transcendental Meditation from opposite 
poles. ethe TM· al·d· te ts bee 't ' The controversy of wh r or not IS VIm res me ause I IS 
a model system for a whole range of phenomenology prevalent in our 
modem society. 

It is evident that a large number of special groups and movements are 
active on all college campuses and at large in SOCiety. Some of these 
include: TM, GampWl Crusade, Scientology, Maharishi Ji, Transactional 
Analysis, Hare Krishna, etc. Other mode"! movements are more 

Coiltinued on Page 1% 
If H Feels Good,.Do H 
. After reading Mr. Post's Letter to the Editor (TT, Nov. 5), Helta desire 
to correct some of the mIsconceptiOll8 he e:a:pressed regarding tran-
scendental Meditation. 

I want to address two issues in particular: the substantiation of claims 
as to the benefits of TM, and the question of religion being involved in the 
practice of meditatioo. 

Like others involved in doing research, I don't automatically accept a 
conclusion simply because It is labelled "scientific research." I also 
remain skeptical of some of the "explanations" Maharishi gives for 
various phenomena. 

However, several lZood studies have validated the claims that . in-
dividuals benefit from TM. Those interested should read a short review 
article in a recent "Psyebologlcal Bulletin" (Vol. 82, No.4, .pp. ~), 
instead of relying on magazines like Plycbology Today for information. 
This review article takes a very critical look at some research done on 
TM, and winds up concluding that while it is not clear what aspect of the 
practice is crucial, there is little ~.~~ that it_works. 

Continued OIl Page 1~ 
SUpports Maharishi's Oail1)S 

In rebuttal to the letter entitled (TT, Nov. 5), "Transcendental 
Meditation Debunked," by George Post, we would like to clarify certain 
misconceptions concerning the TM technique. 

The claims Maharishi made for TM are both well substantiated and 
quite consistent with our own subjective experience. For verification and 
validation of the 'claims' Maharishi made on the Merv Griffin Show, we 
rcfer Mr. Post to the numerous research articles which have appeared 
ove r the past decade in such respected publications as, "American 
Journal of Psychiatry," "Lancet," " Electroencephalography and 
Clinical Neurophysiology," "Scientific American," " Psychosomatic 
Medicine" " Journal of Counseling Psychology," "Circulation," the US Congresi~nal Record and " Proceedings of the International Symposium 
on Drug Abuse." to name just a few. 

In trying to invalidate Maharishi's statement that one percent of a 
population meditating will noticeable improve the quality of life, Mr. Post 
points out the j£reat suffering in India. neglecting the fact that far less 
(han 1% of the Indians practice TM. 

It should be emphasized that in 360 cities thoughout the world where at 
least 1% of the population are practicing the TM technique, the crime 
rate has declined on the average about 17%. Also sickness and accident 
rates declined. Mr. Post erroneously quotes Maharishi as saying that TM 
develops immunities against diseases, when in fact, the point was that 
research indicates TM strengthens resistance to diseases and thus im-
proves general health. 

Lastly, Transcendental Meditation technique is not a religion, not a 
philosophy not a lifestyle , It requires no belief or faith in anything. It is a 
ve ry simpl'e. natural, practical technique. The only requirement is tfie 
ability to think. . . , .. 

The misconception that TM IS an Eastern religIon has been dlSclauned 
by clergy members of all faiths who hav~ publicaly endorsed TM as an 
adjunct to their faith rather than a conflictmg ideology. 

Cheaper to Relax 

NORA MALKIND 
RICHARD DAHOUT 

PRESIDENT 
SIMS., UCSD 

PAUL SCHWEIZER 

I want to thank Fred Schindler for his Letter to the Editor (TT, Nov, 10i 
commenting on my article about TM. 

His concern for TM is to be commended and certainly personal ex-
perience is to be carefully handled. My article was not aimed at prac-
tioners of TM but toward exaggerated claims for TM by the Maharishi 
and his denials it is religiOUS. The nature of my article was to take issue 
with the Maharishi's statements, so people can evaluate them. 

True, the majority of people in India do not practice TM - they practice 
other forms of Hinduism. However, Maharishi claims only one percent of 
a population practicing TM is needed to end suffering for a population. 
ObvioWlly, this is not true of India. Certainly, if TM is more widely 
practiced In the US and Europe than India (according to Mr. Schindler), 
then Iwould have to say by all appearances Maharishi's TM is not 
working here either. 

My reference to the articles in PlydMlOU Today (April, 1974) were 
meant to point out that research is hard pressed to support Maharishi's 
exaggerated claims. Please not the authors were ready to admit possible 
benefits of TM but not to the exaggerated extent the Maharishi claims. 
My reference to the articles attempt to point this out to people so they can 
honestly evaluate Maharishi's claims. 

Mr. Schindler either did not read the articles I cited or he overlooked a 
!(re3t deal of information. otberwlse, he would know that Gary Schwartz 
is Assistant Profesaor of Personality Psychology at Harvard and is ex-

CoII ...... Pa .. l. 
Th. Triton Ti .... il recognized by the CommunlCOfiON Boord of UCSO 01 the 

officiol llildent _....... . 'ublialf\on it on Mondayt. Wedneedoys and 
fridays during the .... Iar achool year ( •• cept on officlol holidays~ fdflorlal 
and bUlin ... offIc .. are located in 117 Blake Hall on .... R ..... 1e College 
comP'll, Unl.,.,.tty of California, San DIeeo, 

let~ .. ID the Edhor and opinion columnl Ofe w.lcomed. All lubin_10M 
$hould be typed on ° 7.-ipOCe line on notlefalobl. paper. They Ihould not 
'.eeed thr .. pages in I.ngth double-apoced, The Triton TIm. __ th. 
right 10 edit ..,bmlsalonl __ of ipCIC. IimllOlionl or style requir._nll. 

For edllorlal, call .c52~ for bull_ and display advert"._ntl, call 
.52 .~, 

• rlic •• f' OM'S Pageihree 
Camejo No Fence-Sitter: 

Writer Reveals Guts of Speech 
Margaret Krueger's article on 

Peter Camejo (TT Nov. 10) is a 
hodgepodge of haH truths with 
enough facts and figures 
(carelessly - carefully?) omitted 
to portray Mr. Camejo as a 
crusader of banality, a propounder 
of the obvious. 

It must be noted that the 
Socialist Worker Party candidate 
spoke for well over an hour on 
topics ranging Crom Vietnam body 
counts to US coal reserves. Yet Ms, 
Krueger is unable to quote him 
more than ' once, and then only in 
the most general terms "The US 
has a ruling class ... "). 

Most offensive is Ms. Krueger's 
use of yellow-journalistic 
technique of lend appeal to a rather 
dull, uninteresting text. I refer to 
the headline and introductory 
passages which focus on the 
"alien"question. 

On the other hand, one must 
applaud the reporter's sagacity in 
refraining from the use of quotes 
on any of the remarks she at-
tributed to Camejo in this issue. 
But paraphrase is not a license to 
distort, so let us attempt to 
reconstruct some of the sorely 
missed context. 

One, Mr. Camejo claims high 
unemployment is due to the 
Administration'S conviction that 
profit is more important than 
human needs. The federal 
government could create more 
but instead chooses to spend $107 
billion on the military each year. 
The second largest item in the 
federal budget is $38 billion for 
bond interest. The lion's share of 
these Cunds, Mr. Camejo pointed 
out, goes to an elite 2 percent - the 
most affluent members of our 
society. He termed these payments 
"welfare for the rich" and con-
trasted them with the much 
criticized " welfare for the poor" 
allotment of $9.5 billion. 

A scapegoat must be found, says 
Mr. Camejo, so that the real 
profiteers - the 2 percent - will not 
be blamed for the economic crisis 
they have occasioned. And so, just 
as Jews were blamed for the 
economic woes of the 193Os, our 
present day villain is the "alien." 

Mr. Camejo questioned the 
traditional concept of American 
citizenship. He pointed out the 
irony of Hispanics being evicted 
from places whose names their 
evictors cannot pronounce. " We all 
came from somewhere else," he 
asserted; and if anyone has a right 
to deport it's the Native American. 
"Why don't we ask him who he 
thinks should leave?" Mr. Camejo 
quipped. 

He also suggested that if we were 
rea lly serious about .. illegal 
aliens" we might try a novel ex-
change program with Latin 
American countries. The $3O,OOO-a-
year, dCHlotbing Exxon e:a:ecutive 
in Mexico City could e:a:change 
places with the grape picker in the 
San Joaquin Valley, "This way," 
Mr. Camejo stated, "everyone will 
be back in his own culture. " 

Despite his apparent jocularity, 
Mr. Camejo obviously feels very 
deeply on this subject. He ex-
plained that his brother (who, 
unlike Mr. Camejo was born 
outside the US) was deported and 
With What He Is 

later tortured in Latin America 
jails for refusing to become an FBI 
informer within the Socialist 
organiza tion. 

Two, Ms. Krueger states that 
" Camejo went on to cite the 
Rockefellers and DuPonts as 
examples of the 'ruling class.' " In 
fact, Mr. Camejo did a little more 
than cite them. He gave a concrete 
example of how the interests of a 
wealthy few can supersede the 
needs of the many who are poor. 

New York City needs $800 million 
to avoid default. Its totaI budget is 
$12 billion. Of that sum, $2 billion 
pays interest on bonds (analogoLlS 
to the federal figure of $38 billion). 
18 percent of that amount goes 
directly to the Rockefeller famJ!y . 
Hospitals have been closed, 
firehouses have been shut down, 
school milk deliveries have 
stopped. Yet no one suggests rot 
giving the Rockefellers thdr 
" welfare check." 

Three, Since the government b!lS 
not provided minorities w ' th 

Continued on Page 8 

Fed Up 
For the past few weeks, the cafeteria staff of the Muir Commons has 

served the poorest excuses for meals I have ever eaten. For the price we, 
the students, pay to live in the dorms and eat in the Commons, the qu lity 
of food should be much better than it is now. 

Last year at a gripe session, the Director of Food and Housing Serv :es, 
Larry Barret, promised us, in the fall quarter, an improvement in )()th 
the quality of meals and the variety of the nemu. 

Now, a year later, the cost of living in the dorms has risen 10% (from 
$198 a month on the 19 meal a week plan to $216 a month for the same 19 
meal a week plan ). Why, Mr. Barret, cannotthe quality offood improve? 
As continuing students have noticed, nothing in the dorms has be m 
changed from last year for the better. 

If those responsible for preparing and planning the meals at Ml ir 
cannot figure out how to improve the food, here are some suggestions : J ) 
increase the number of entrees from two to three per meal; 2) do not 
overcook the vegetables; 3) do not serve any more stale pastries ( in-
cluding rolls and desserts ); 4) do not serve any more unfresh lettuce ; 5) 
find some mode of degreasing the meats and poultry; 6) serve real meat 
for a change; and 7) get those obnoxious flies out of the cafeteria. 

These suggestions are blatanUy obvious, but It seems that the food 
service still does not understand them. Students at UCSD are fed-up with 
th8J>oor food. How would you, Mr. Barre~ like to walk into the cafeteria 
after a day of classes and have to consume what we eat? 

If the old adage, "you are what you eat," holds true for those of us who 
dine at the Muir Commons, then we are all full of shit. 

. STEVEN M. GOULD 

GSU, Undergrad Interest the Same 
James G. Soto's opinion column 

" Who is the Patsy in the TA 
Dispute?" (TT, Nov. 12) does this 
campus the service of raising the 
question of the relationship but-
ween GSU activities and the un-
dergraduates' educational well-
being. Soto makes some telling 
points regarding the status of 
undergraduate education at UCSD. 
His commentary errs gravely, 
howe\·er, in so far as it attempts to 
deny the existence of a genuine 
community of interest between 
UCSD graduate and un-
dergraduate students. 

ThIs community of interest does 
e:a:ist. We need look only at the 
humanities program and the in-

conditions are undergraduates' 
learning conditions. 

Soto, then, is absolutely correct 
when he chastises the ad-
ministration for its policy of 
regarding undergraduate mem-
bers of the UCSD community as 
second-class citizens. If the ad-
ministration placed highest 
priority on undergraduate 
education - and this should be its 
highest priority - then it would not 
consistently choose to undennine 
the considerations of quality un-
dergraduate education through 
decisions which either impoverish 
existing educational opportunities 
or deprive undergraduates of such 
opportunities altogether. 

troductory sequences offered in the These administration poliCies _ 
mathematics department for among them cutbacks in TA funds, 
strtking confirmation of this fact. inadequate attention paid to 
Increased work-loads and an teaching abilities in faculty tenure 
overall reduction in the number of . decisions, and a cavalier disregard 
TA FTE in these departmelU have for the quality or lower division 
meant for graduate studelU both educatioo - make for the corrunon 
layoffs and be~ened exploitation enemy of both UCSD graduate and 
of their labor energies. undergraduate students. That is 

And because of these jlll$S in why it is absolut ly crucial that 
the studenttr A ratio, it has meant undergraduates support them-
for undergraduates a further de- selves by supporting GSU WOrK. 
persanallzation of the clasaroom stoppage and strike activities in 
experience, a 10IIII of 50 percent of the coming weeks. 
the fonnerly available section Nobody likes strikes or work-
instructioo time in math, and a stoppages; neither the graduate 
f~en~ deterioratioo in the students who risk having their pay 
.chIng of basic writing skilla in docked or being fired nor the un-
humanities. dergradllltes who willloee SOllIe of 

Thill, eduClItionaUy irrespo,.. their class time. And the GSU has 
sible adminiatratioo decisions not made its wprk-stoppage and 
affecting the job status of gra~te strike decisioos IighUy. It has 
studelU take their toU ultimately made them because we believe 
on undergraduates as well. It Is that only the pressure of such 
patently true that our working actions can bring any bettennent 

in the educational and employment 
situations at UCSD. 

Mter months of attempting to 
secure such change through ad-
ministration channels, the GSU 
now proposes a short-term in-
terruption of classes to win GSU 
demands which would provide 
precisely for the maintenance of 
quality instruction at UCSD. We 
take our action, moreover, in 
response to an insensitive ad-
ministration policy which, if left 
unchecked, wiD force a permaaent 
and drastic deterioration in un-
dergraduate instruction. Fur-
thermore, the administration can 
put an end both to the short-term 
interruption and its long-term 
devaluation of undergraduate 
instruction whenever it wishes, 
simply by agreeing to implement 
the employment and educational 
guidelines set forth in GSU 
demands. 

But are undergraduates, as Soto 
put it, the "patsies" in all this? Of 
course not. They stand to benefit 
materially if the administration 
upgrades thi:1 year's section ex-
perience by immediately hiring 
more grad~te student TA's and by 
insuring 40 ,1 studentITA ratios, 
such as Berkeley and UCLA 
already enjoy, for the coming year. 

Undelg(u~ 11 bt '1=t 
sies" only if they allow themselves 
to be - only if they p8S5ively 
acquiesce to the administration In 
its impoverishment of their 
programs, only if they refuse to 
fight and to stand up for their 
educational needs and rights. And 

CoatiDaed 011 Pace U 



Simon 
Cobha 

isappointing Garfunkel in Decline, 
Fun, ElO So Boring 

by DanIel wier 
ArtI~ 

STILL CRAZY AFTER ALL 
. THESE YEARS • PAUL SIMON. 
Columbia Records. 

111e music and lyrics are Paul 
Simon, and they are good. "Still 
Crazy After all These Years" 
though, is a disappointment. 
Compared to the common fare 
turned out by solo musicians, the 
album is excellent, but Simon has 
proved that he is not common. 
Compared to what he has done in 
the past, the album is mediocre. 

111e lyrics, especially, have lost 
their verve. A majority have 
degenerated into trite nonsense. 
The proclaimations of "The Sound . 
of Silence" and "I am a Rock" 
have been replaced with "You 
don't need to be coy, Roy," and 
"Hop on the bus, Gus." 

Of the ten cuts on the album, only 
three are worthy of the Simon of 
old, and all three are done with 
plenty of help from friends. "Gone 
at Lalit," with Phoebe Snow and 
the Jessy Dixon Singers, is a 
catchy concoction of fun music and 
lyrics. "Silent Eyes," with the 
Chicago Community Choir, 
features touching lyrics and a fine 
pi:mo performance by Leon 
Pendarvis. 

Then there is the song that 
marks the reunion of Simon and 
Garfunkel. Although " My Little 
TOWll" seems to have disappointed 
many people, it is my nomination 
for ' 'Bicentenial Song of the Year." 
(Someone is sure to come up with 
such a prize.) The lyrics have 
caught the reality of the traditional 
small town America . 

If you did not like " My Little 
Town" the fi rst time you heard it, 
listen to it a couple more times. It 
improves each time as the idea 
inf iUra ted into your mind. It is 
certainly the best of the album. 

BREAK AWAY - ART GAR· 
FUNKEL. Columbia Records. 

Here is definite proof that Art 

Garfunkel nee«bl the leadership 
and support of Paul Simon. The 
best cut on "Break Away" is "My 
Little Town." Even with the help of 
Graham Nash, David CrOl'lby, Toni 
Tennille, Klaus Voorman and 
Nicky Hopkins, the rest of the LP is 
a failure. 

The song arrangements are 
mediocre. For example, the 
Flamingos' old hit "I Only Have 
Eyes for You" cries out for vocal 
hannony and receives only a sweet 
and sickening string harmony. 

The abortive journey into acting 

many ups and downs, but generally 
speaking, there are more ups than 
downs. 

A FUNKY nuDE OF SINGS -
BILL Y COBHAM. Atlaatic 
Recenll. 

Typic" BWy Cobbam. Hard 
music being driven at a frantic 
rate by Cobham's drumming. Not 
great music, but fun. 

I always enjoy listening to 
Cobham, and this is no exception. 
Cobham is a not a great band 
leader. His group is too lOOl'le. It 
falls apart before it gets going. It is 

Electric Light Orche.tra 
has left its mark on Garfunkel's 
voice, which now lacks the vitality 
it once had. Throughout the entire 
album, his voice is noticably 
strained. Not once does Garfunkel 
hit high notes like the ones that 
made " Bridge Over Troubled 
Waters" a classic. 

But, most of all, the music is 
terrible. Songs such as "Disney 
Girls" and "Waters of March" do 
music wander s too much. 
However, the actual performance 
is good. Hammer's performing 
capabilities have always been 
better than average, and this is no 
exception. 

" The First Seven Days" has 

composed of good mUSICians, 
thol;lgh, and when they let loose on 
a solo, it makes listening exciting. 

This is particularly true of 
Cobham's drum solos. He is the 
premier drummer today, and " A 
Funky Thide of Things" proves it. 
This is the first time I have ever 
heard a drum solo succeed on 
record. For nine and a half minutes 
even. Cobham calls it " A Funky 
Kind of Thing," and the record 
jacket says it was recorded in one 
take without any overdubbing. 

THE FIRST SEVEN DAYS • 
JAN HAMMER. Nemperor 
Records, 

Cootinued 00 Page 8 

In Golden Hall Concert 

...... ,.,~17,1I7I 

Big Week For Photos 
by Elizabeth CbimlDt 

StaUWrtter 

If you are into photography, then this is the week for you. 
Three new shows of photographiC art have opened this week around San 

Diego. Photographs by Amalia will be on display now through Nov. 22 at 
the Photo Workshop, 6151 Fainnount, SUite 115. A show of photographs by 
Jim Hair is at the Unicorn Theatre Gallery through Dec. 3, and Bernard 
Kolysher, photographer, will be featured through Sunday, November 30 
at the Focal Gallery, 1965 Fifth Avenue. 

The San Diego theatre scene is presenting a number of fine productions 
for your entertainment. Right here on campus, Nov. 18023, will be a 
performance of Tennessee Williams' Camloo Real Performance time is 
8 pm at the UCSD Theatre, Matthews Campus. 

Daddy Was A Welfare Check, a three-act drama by Arthur Graham will 
be performed at the Stage 7 Theatre, 1041 Seventh Avenue, through Nov. 
30, every Friday, Saturday and Sunday at 8 pm. There wtll be matinees at 
2 pm on both Saturday and Sunday. 

A drama on civil and economic liberty entitled The Incredible Bread 
Machine, will be presented Tuesday, Nov. 18, 8 pm, at Sambo's, 4865 
Harbor Drive. The production is being sponsored by the Libertarian 
Alternative. 

Feminist poet Susan Griffin will read selections from her writings 
Wednesday, Nov. 19, in the fourth program of the fall New Poetry Series. 
The reading, which is free and open to the public , will be held at 4 pm in 
the formal lounge of Revelle. 

A resident of Berkeley, Griffin has published four books, three 
collections of poems and one of short stories. Her play " Voices" won an 
Emmy Award for its Northern California production on public television 
and will be published this winter by the Feminist Press. 

She is currently writing a book about women and nature and will have a 
book of poems published next year. Griffin also teaches writing and 
women 's studies at various colleges and universities . 

If you enjoy poetry readings by contemporary poets, you might like to 
check out the series being presented by The Loft Bookstor~, 935 Sixth 
Avenue. The series presents new poets reading their own works each 
Sundayevenin!!. 

Enjoy yourselves, ok? 

Eros Carries Symphony, 
Chorale to Flawless Moments Wakeman Shows It Off 

by Daniel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

The mood was not set fo r last Friday's San Dieg(l Symphony concert 
until the end of intermission when the San Diego Symphonic Chorale 
began to populate the stage. With the wemen in long blue gowns and the 
men in traditional black tuxedos, it took almost five minutes to seat the 
120 members for Beethoven's " Ninth Symphony." 

The chorale produced the large voluminous sOWld in the "Ode to Joy" 
that audiences all over the world love to hear. Too often a group of such 
proportions proves to be unwieldy and s luggish, but this was not the 
case Friday. 

The last movement began with the orchestra crisply throwing around 
themes from the previous movements Wltil the basses captured the 
audience's attention with the majestic " Ode to Joy" theme . After a 
short aria· like solo by baritone Harold Enns, the chorus entered for the 
first time, creating a surge of excitement that did not diminish until 
after four curtain calls. 

Howev.er, all was not perfect in the " Ode to Joy." Tenor Michael Sells 
and contralto Christ ina Krooskos had tremendous projection dif· 
ficulties, and the music was obviously out of the range o( soprano Sarah 
Fleming's voice. However. the Orchestra and Chorale atoned for these 
problems and the last movement was a success. 

The familiar second movement (Molto Vivace) of the "Ninth Sym· 
phony" provided the best music of the evening. Peter Eros' choice of a 
crisp lively tempo was perfect. Except for a couple of transition 
passages, the orchestra 's performance was nearly flawless . The strings 
and brass wIre' excellent and the tympany was even better, but the 
entire succe:lS of the movement rested on the precise rhythmic 
capabilities o· tile woodwinds. 

The only n deeming factor in the "Emperor Concerto" was Maestro 
E ros and his control of the orchestra . Pianist Aodor Foldes' per-
fo rmance was d/s~[,ilct!ru1. TIlC-C-on('('rto provided sh,2wcase (or his lack 
of rhythmic ( ortrol, his acute missense of dynamiCS, his production of 
incorrect nol es his inability to perfonn with an orchestra , and his 
gene ral ineptltWe. 

The s imultlnl!ous orchestra and piano chords at the beginning of the 
concerto were qrf by as much as half a second at one point. Normally, it 
is the job of the conductor to follow the pianist and to enter at the proper 
moment. but in this case the fault lay with Foldes. His rabato was too 
irregular and unmetered for even a Toscanini to (ollow. 

The orchestral interludes, though, were excellent. The second 
movement, in particular, was beautiful. Eros managed to pull all the 
emotion out of his orchestra . Unfortunately this effect was ruIned 
whenever the pianist entered. 

Overall, the concert was a success, especially from the viewpoint of 
the members of the audience, many of whom stood for the ovation 
foJlowinJ( the " Ode to Joy." Quite fittingly, the loudest applause was 
saved not for the soloists. but for Peter Eros and the Symphony itself. 

by Tlmotby Mackenzie 
StaHWriter 

Rick Wakeman is no' longer 
touring with orchestras and choirs, 
nor is l)e staging bizarre ice foWes. 
Instead, he appears quite satisfied 
to travel with his keyboards and 
back-up group the seven piece 
English Rock Ensemble. 

Not surprisingly, Wakeman is 
much more effective here than 
with the cumbersome numbers 
involved with the choir and or-
chestra. he and the band handled 
their tasks Thursday night with 
seeming ease, giving a per-
fonnance that was nothing short of 
superlative. 

Wakeman told the audience 
early in the set that he had decided 
to record a live album of this 
concert, a decision that pleased the 
audience. In retrospect, Wakeman 
couldn't have made a better 
decision. The precision and 
tightness of the band was almost 
unbelieveable, complementinl{ 
Wakeman's phenomenal keyboaru 
work perfectly . 

The selections of music were a 
blend of Wakeman's solo albums, 
" Six Wives of Henry VIII, II 
" Journey To The Centre Of The 
Earth" and his latest "The Myths 
And Legends Of King Artoor And 
The Nights Of the Round Table." 
While all of the music was per-
formed brilliantly, special em-
phasis was placed on the cuts from 
the "King Arthur" album. 
Highllglts of the perfonnance 
were " Lancelot And The Black 
Night" and the show Itopper 
"Merlin The Magician" (complete 
with smoke and flashing lights. ) 

Wakeman did a conunendable 
Job of arranging the cuts "Arthur" 
and "Guinevere" into one big 
production, creating a dynamic 

piece from two sepa!ate entities. ' Wakeman, despite poor jokes and 
Other noteworthy selections in- history lessons, illicited an ex· 
c1uded "Catherine Paar" and ceptional audience response, 
" Catherine Howard" from the "Six bringing the crowd to their feet on 
Wives Of Henry VIII" and "The several occasions. 
Forest" from "Journey To The Opening the show Thursday 
Centre Of The Earth." night was another fine keyboard 

If all you saw when you watched musician Gary Wright. Wright has 
Wakeman's fingers was a blur, been a studio musician of scme 
relax, there was nothing wrong repute, playing on many albums, 
with your vision. The man is that including George Harrison's. 
fast. The maMer is which he Wright, with the release of the 
perfonns with his battery of popular "Dream Weaver," Is 
keyboards could lead one to believe becoming a very popular at-
that he has spent his entire life traction himself, which was 
surrounded by them. At times it demonstrated at the concert. 
appeared that he might not be able Though it may not have been a 
to reach between the two battle of keyboard wizards at 
keyboards he was playing ' Golden Hall, It certainly was a 
simultaneously, but he always fea~ for the followers of keyboard 
managed to do so. He even musIc. 
surrendered some of his solo time 
to provide the guitars and braas of 
the English Rock Ensemble a 
chance to sparkle. 

The concert was a visual ex-
perience, too, . with Wakeman 
(sequined velvet cape, blond hair 
flowing) and his battery of 
keyboards all elevated on center 
stage. A tapestry of organ pipes 
(phallic at times) provided the 
background for the stage. 

Calculators II 
Calculators. HP21 .S95. HP22..$I~. 
HP25·S182. SR5QA·III1. SA51A·Sl35. 
Five day deliyery . Ali model • .-. 
Carry full year guarantee. and Include 
all s landard accessories. Send check '" 
COO "",,,,"t (IOf COO odd 12) plua 6% 
tax to c,.~ Catcullt'" Com~ny. 63& 
Fourth S1.. Davis. CA 9!le1l1. If not 
uUalied. r.turn within IS cNoyl lor luli 
refund . (II ' 10) 

WINTER TRAVEL fo, UCSD 
conlaCI : Bill Keller, SSW Trovel Office 

UCSD Inlernolionol Cenler 
A52·0630 11 om - .. pm Mon. , Wed., Fri . 

Space stili available 
NEW YORK CHARTER . $209 
MAZATLAN CAMPING $139 
CENTRAL AMERICA 3 wks $479 

'.', "r."t ., •• ,.tt ••••••• •••••••• t ••• I •••• t~ . .. \.\ ... '.\\~\ •• \'. '.\ ~ \\ '.,-t. t •• ' •• '1lt •• I.' •• •• tl' •• • • ' •••• •• • " •• • ••••• "1' •• '·.,"l t ... " , ••••• ,., ••••• , ••.••• ' •••• '.' ••.• t ••••• ' ••••• ~ ...... .. ... ,. •• ... ':.· ... ·.·f.·.':.·.· .... 'I ..... ·:.'·· 

Moadey, November 17, 1175 '. rI •••••• D'S Page five 

UNI'VERSITV BOOKSTORE 
p. ays* 

NOVEMbER 11- NOVEMbER 20 
FREE T-SHIRT 

WiT" PURC"ASE of ANy HEWlE I I-PACkARd 
CALculATOR 

"* MANUfACTURERS REpRESENTATiVE 
will bE iN ThE BooksTORE TO 

, . 

ANSWER ANy OUESTIONS. 

BooksTORE HAS. 
8:004:4J MON-FRi 

the neul HP-21 Scientific. $I2l.8ct 

~D Now $ buys: 
• More powe r than our HP·3S. 32 pre.progr.lmmed 

fun ctions and o~rations, including rectangular/ 
polar conversion, "'gister arithmetic and common 
log evaluation. 

• Smallersize.6 ounces VS. 9 ounces for our HP· 35. 
• Oisplay form atting. 
• H·P', unique and <lflcient RPN logic syst.m. 
o H ·P·, quality craftsmanship. 
o An unbeatabl. pric. : ~rform.nce ratio. 
He", are Ihe details : 
H pre·programmed function, .. nd o~r.tlons. The 
HP·21 perfom.s all 108 and trig functions, the latter in 
",dians or degrees. It's our only calculator short of the 
HP·45 that lets you : 
• convert polar to rectangu lar coordinates, and back 

again ( ... P, ... R); 
o do full register arithmetic (M+,M-, MX,M +); 
- calculate a common anl ilog ( lOx) with a single 

keystroke. 
The HP·21 also perfonns all basic data manipul,. 

tions(l / x, y', VX; 0) and executes all pre-pro~ramm.d 
(undions in one secolld Or l~ss 
Full displ .. y formatting. The Display key (0 P) 
allows you to choose betwttn nxed decimal and scien. 
tiAc not.tion and lets you ontrol the number of places 
displayed. (The H P.1 1 always u e all 10 digits 
intemally.) 

When a number is too lar8< or mall for fixed deci · 
mal di play, the HP·21 wi tches automatically to sci · 
ent inc, so you ncvcr have to worry tbat the calculator 
will confuse a mailer number with zero. 

Fin. lly, if you gi .. t,", II P-21 an impossible instruc-
tion, the Display spells E· r·r-o· r. 
RPN logiC system. Here' what thi unique time and 
error· avin~ logic"", telll mean for you : 
• You can evaluate nil)' exprc ,ion without copyin~ 

pa...",th ... ,worrying about hier.lrchies or restru 
turing before hand . Youreal ulator remembers what's 
where-automatica lly. 

• You can solv. nil problems your way- the w.y you 
. /lISt lumed in beginning al~br.l, the way you now 

use when you use a slide rule. 

o You solve all problems-no matter how eomplex-
one step at a time. You »t'Vt'r work with mo'" than 
two numM t'S a t once. 

o You get continuous and immediate feedback . You 
see all intennediate answers i ... ",.diat.ly, because 
your calculator executes each function immediately 
after you p ress the function key. )Iou watch it 
11appt'll . 

• You can easi ly recover from errors. You can back· 
tr.lck when you err, because your calculator per· 
fonns all o~"'tion ~uentially. ' 

o You can ",·use numbers without ",·entering them. 
Your calculator becomes yow- scratch pad. 

H·P q uality craftsmanship. One reason Nobel Prize, 
winners, as'ronauts~ conquerors o( Eve~, Amrrica's 
Cup navigators and over 500,000 other prof~sionals 
own H·P calculators. Hc", are four examples of it : 
o Every key on every calculator is double injection 

molded, so the symbol it earries won't wear off. 
Eyery function key has a positive click adion, so 
you know for sure Ihe function has registe",d when 
you press one. 

• There' a moisture barrier under the keyboard to 
protect the calculator's innards from coffee, tCot, 
milk, what-have-you. 

• It's no accident that the OFF·ON swit h operates 
as smoothly as it does. We g",ased it with silicon 
when we installed it. It's also no a eident that it 
moves in a horizontal plane. That's to p",vent it 
from moving when you put the calculator into its 
carrying case or your hirt pocket. 
The heavy gauge pla51i ca e is designed to with. 
stand a long tumble to a hard Ooor. Incredibly, one 
II ·P rocket calculator 011 e withstood a trip through 
a snow.blowing machine . ",., Case e",eked, but the 
machine worked. 

800·538 ·7912 (In Cali f. 8llC)·661·986J).Th. numllers 
to call for. "hand ·on" el1ons1r.ltion. We'll give you 
the name of a dealer n r you, and we'll send you 
detailed pc<"iAcation of bur ""w IIP21. Challenge it 
with your problem . See for yourself how much per. 

fonnan~~-,. 
• '100 ••• 

HEWLETT' PACK.ARD 

So1n . oo SCfVtef (rom 171 oIIK,,'n 6! coun'n« 
0.",. 0000, 19l10 Pru ... rod • " WOOf, urmino. CA 9501. 



WHAT'S ON: 11/10-11/2 
Any .v.IIl In or lUOund the UC Slut Dkfo communily is «I6ible 

lor inclusion. in WHA T.'S ON. 
""QM flU tIN style tIIIdlomt/ll you see below lor submissions. 
Turn them In ehher to 1M stUM"t "Iller by 4 pm Thursday, or to 

tlte Triton Times by 4 pm Friday. 

r. 

er Job Interview •. Airesearch Manufacturing Company. Seeks BA, MS, 
ies, Engineering (electric, mechanical, aeronautical) for work in en-
transportation, and power conversion. Appointments necessary. Career 
cement, 412 MC. 
ting of the Communications Board. Office of Student Organizations, Student 

- .tiog of the Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gymnasium. 
- ture. Mr. Forrest Miller, Meteorologist, Inter-American Tropical Tuna 

ill speak on : " Effects of the Environment on the Catch of Tropical Tunas." 
ries Center Auditorium, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

Exhibition. The Mandeville Art Gallery will sponsor a showing of " The UCSD 
Coli ' The collection features paintings by Picasso and Monet and other renowned 
at\i!>ts of the te nineteenth and early' twentieth centuries. The Gallery is open from Noon 
to ~ . ., nday through Friday. The exhibition will continue through November 25.. 

. 1 pm - ' hip. Christian Prayer Meeting. All interested-students invited. Lounge 
Con e Room. Student Center. . 

'\!,llW...::.i;n;;A!pnar. Dr. Allan Rosencwaig, Bell Laboratories, will speak on : "Opto-Acoustlc 
Sp ctroscopy. 307 Vaughan Hall, Scripps Institution of O~eanography . . . 

eeting of the Chancellor's Advisory Committee on the Handicapped m the 
Dis led St nt Center, Revelle Commons. Everyone welcome to attend. 

3 - Fie Hockey team versus USIU. Muir Field, UCSD. 
3: pm - inar. Dr. Allan Rosencwaig, Bell Laboratorie~, w!ll speak.on : " M~th~s 

and pplica ns of Photo a coustic Spectroscopy." Sumner AuditOrium, Scnpps InstitutIOn 
of Rogtaphy. 

pm - Meeting of the UJS, conference room, stud~nt center. . 
_ Meeting of the Table Tennis Club. RecreatIOn Conference Room, RecreatIOn Gym. 
(Ten~tiVMAcation ) 

p~ y Reading. Susan Griffin will read her poetry. Revelle Formal Lounge, 
R onunons. 

4: 30 pm - Meeting of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gym~asium. . 
5 PQl- L.ecture sponsored by the Visual Arts Department and the Project for Art/SCience 

Stlidies. . Carlo Pedretti , a UCLA art historian, will speak on " Leonardo 's Battle of 
Anghlara ·In Anticipation." Mandeville Center, room 103. 

5 pm - Meeting of Students for Tom Hayden. All interested students invited. North 
Conference Room, Student Center. 

5-9 pm - Clinic at the Birth Control Center is open. Appointments are necessary .. Call 452-
2669. 

5:30 pm - Meeting of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Club. Lounge Conference Room, 
Student Center. 

6 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization, Blake Conference Room. 
6:30 pm - Meeting of the UCSD Student Cooperative. North Conference Room, Student 

Center. 
7 pm - Discuss ion. "How to Take Essay Exams Successfully," led by Carmen Schoensee, 

Academic Counselor at the Writing Clinic. 4th floor lounge, Blake HaJJ. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Student Dance Club. West Balcony, Main Gymnasium. 
7:30 pm - SIMS advanced meeting for all Transcendental Meditators. Revelle froma l 

lounge. 
7:45 pm - Meeting ofthe Aikido Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gymnasium. 
8 pm - MEETING OF GSU SUPPORT ORGANIZATION. Open to all concerned un-

dergraduates interested in aiding and participating in the upcoming GSU workstoppage. 
The GSU invites both groups and indiviudals to attend an organizational and informational 
meeting. USB 2622. 

8 pm - Meeting of the Israeli Dance Club. Recreation Conference Room, Rec. Gym. 
8 pm - Organizational m eeting for all interested students of the 5 & Dime Coffee House. 5 

& Dime, Lower Muir Commons. 
9 pm - Film sponsored by the Monday Nite Films : Clint Eastwood in, " High Plains 

Drifter ." 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. Free. 

t,O pm -Career Job Interviews. Burroughs Well come Company. Seeks BA any major for 
sales/marketing in pharmaceuticals. Appointments necessary. Career Planning &. 
PlaceJDent, 412 MC. 

9-3 pm, - Birth Control Center is open for information and to make appointments. Student 
Health Center. This service is for students and s tudent partners. 

10 am - Meeting. Student Center Advisory Committee Meeting. Student Center. 
10-12 am - Open Counseling with Esther Salazar, 701 MC. 

r~pm-Career Counseling Walk-In with JenniMurray & Dick Weber, 302MC. 
11 :30 am - Meeting. Fourth College Program Board Meeting. Matthews Recreation 
enter Corference Room. . 
Noon - Meeting of the Revelle College Council. Revelle College Provost's Office Con-

ference Room. 
Nooo - Meeting of the Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gymnasium. 
NOCII1 - Meeting of the UCSD Staff Association. Don Sites, Assistant Chancellor -

Facilities Mana gement and Bill Pettus, Energy Conservation coordinator to speak on 
"Energy Conservation at UCSD" Garren Auditorium, BSB. 

1 pm - Worsrlip. Christian Prayer Meeting. All interested students invited. Lounge 
Conference Roo 'n, Student Center. . 

2 pm - Semillar sponsored by the School of Medicipe. Professor Martin B. Mathews, 
Department of Pe'diatrics , University of Chicago, will speak on "Mechanical Influences on 
the Bios nthesi3 of Extracellular Macromole by Aortic Cells in Vivo and in Vitro." B-247 
BSB, tthews Campus. 

h pm - M .. etlng of the Revelle Residence Hall Board. Blake Conference Room, Blake 
Hall. 

4:30 pm - minar. Dr. Sidney Bernhard Will S\A-alt on : " Functional Consequences of 
Het rologous ulAlnit Interactions in Oligomeric Proteins." 2105 Bonner Hall , Revelle 
Ca us. 

4:30 pm - eti g of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gymnasium. 
6 pm - Meetiug of the Dance Workshop. West Balcony , Main Gymnasium. 
6 pm - Mee l.i...: of the Cheerleaders Club. Recreation Conference Room, Recreation 

G 
6 prrl- Meeti ng of the Pep Band. Recreation Conference Room, RecreatJon Gym. 
7 pm - Lecture. Harry Ring will conduct a forum on socialism : "Socialism and 

lodi Idual Freedom." Sponsored by the Young Socailist Alliance. North Conference Room, 
Student Center . . 

l;aI) pm - lleeting of the Graduate Student Union. USB 2622, Revelle Campus. 
7: pm - Meeting of the Folk Dance Club. Recreation Conference Room, Rec. Gym-

nasi 
8 pm Drama Presentation. The Drama Department will present Tennessee William's 

"Cami Real." Director Arthur' Wagner invites you to join familiar characters Don 
Quix ,~mille, Kilroy, and others on a phantasmagorical journey along ~he unfamiliar 
path of the Camino Real. General admission is $3 and admission for students IS $1.50. UCSD 
Theatre. 

8 pm - Fireside. To all those who have been wantinginfo on the Baha'i Faith come to the 
fireside. The informal discussion will be held at the Mesa Apts . 3296 HH Regents Rd. Call 
453-2094 for more info. Ask for Julie. 

• 
.-r4Ht!! .... &e School Meeting. U. of Pennsylvania Wharton Graduate School of 

disCUSS programs, admissions, financial aids. Appointments requested. Career 
cement, 412 MC. 

9 n raduate School Meeting. Clairemont Graduate School to discuss programs, 
etc. ~oi ents requested. Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

10 : 00 am - Meeting: Fourth College Career Planning Comm. Matthews Rec Center. 
\0-12 pm - Open Counseling with Dick Weber, 701 MC. . . 

~ _ aduate School Meeting. Drop by to talk w}th representatives from UCLA 
Graduat Sch I of Welfare about programs, etc. Career Planning & Placement 412 MC. 

oon - eting ofthe Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gymnasium. 
oon - Coaeert, sponsored by the Muir College Program Board and the Student Center : 

"utah Phillips." Muir Quad. 
_ PIRG Local Board Meeting, Student Organizations Conference Room. 

Disc ion of ter quarter projects, etc. ALL INVITED. 
1 - Wo ip. Christian Prayer Meeting. All interested students invited. Lounge 

Conf nce Room, Student Center. 
3-4 pm - Clinic for Couples or individuals seeking information or counseling on sexual 

matters. Leaders Judith Jorgensen, M.D. and Hugh Pates, Ph.D. Revelle Counselors 
Office. J{3490 

:t pm - Field"JIockey team versus Ca I Poly Pom~na . Cal P?ly Pomona, Pomona.. . 
3 pm - Meeting of the Coop Steering Committee. Office of Students OrgamzatlOns, 

Student Center 
3 pm - Me Ing for women interested in the first UCSD women 's softball team. Rec 

Conference room. 
4 pm. - Meeting of the Table Tennis Club. Recreation Conference Room, Recreation Gym. 

(Tenta tive Location) 
4 ~ - Seminar. Dr. Kenneth H. Nealson, will speak on " Inorganic Redex Reactions , 

CatalYzed by Aquatic Microorganisms." 202 Scripps Building, Scripps Institution of 
OcP.lDO~raptiy . 

4 pm - New Poetry Series, Formal Lounge, Revelle College Commons. Emmy-award 
winning poet Susan Griffen will read selections from her writings. Free. 

4rpm - amatic Presentation. The Drama Club will present: "The Summoning of Every 
Man." Oil th~ front gym steps and the mound opposite them. The presentation is a 
medie mo ity play for modern man. Free. 

4: 30 pm - Meeting of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gymnasium. 
4~ pm eminar. Dr. Gordon Sato will speak on : " Domatomedins and other Growth 

Fac . 21 nner Hall, Revelle Campus. 
. 4:. pm - LOGY DEPT. SEMINAR Dr. Judson J. Van Wyk of. the Dt;partment of 
Ped trics, 'son of Encrocrinology, University of North Carolma, Will speak on 
"So tom s and Other Growth Factors", Room 2105, Bonner Hall. 
. 5'1'ft'1 - Mure featuring Tom Hayden, US Senate candidate, antiwar activist and one of 
the Chicago Seven defendants. USD Law School, More Hall. 

~Qlll-Clinic atthe Birth Control Center .. . See Monday. . 
5:30 pm - inlier with Dr. Douglas Magde, Fourth College chemIStry 'profe~. Mat-

thews . , :n - Meeting of the Student Coop Budget Resource Group. Office of Student 
Organizations, Student Center. 

~ pm - MeetiDg of SATCH. Office of Student Organizations, Student Center. 
II JIIl- g of the Triton Wargaming Society. 902 Tioga Hall. Everyone welcome to 

atte 
6:30 pm - Meeting of Fourth College Resident Hall Board. Matthews Recreation Center, 

downstairs. 
7 pm -Meeting of the Kundaline Yoga Club. Adaptive Room, Main Gymnasium. 
7 pm - AUDmONS for uom Theatre production of Alice Childress' THE WEDD1~G 

BAND directed by Floyd Gaffney. Auditions will be held in the East Room of the MandeVille 
Center. Review copies of the script are ava ilable in the Drama Office (407 MC). , 

7: 30 pm - Meeting of the Trident Christian Fellowship. North Conference Room, Student 
Center. ' 

7:30 pm - Meeting for Education Abroad. Information for freshmen and sophomores. 
Matthews Cafeteria. 

7: 30 pm - Meeting of the Dance Workshop. North Balcony, Main Gymnasium. 
7: 45 pm - Meeting of the Aikido Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gymnasium. . 
8 pm - Concert. The IWW (Industrial Workers of the World) and the AnarchestFriends of 

the United Nations will present "Utah Phillips" in concert. The concert is in observance of 
the sixtieth anniversary of the murder of Joe Hill, a union organizer and labor agitator. 
Tickets : 75 cents for UCSD students; $1.00 for Union members with cards and University 
workers; $1.25 for the general public. Muir Cafeteria. 

8 pm - Drama Presentation. Camino Real ... see Tuesday listing. 
8 pm - Concert. The UCSD Concert Choir, directed by JOM Large, will perform works by 

Victoria , Paulenc and Pinkham. Mandeville Auditorium. Free. 
8:30 pm - Music. 5 & Dime's "Sing for Your Supper Series" featuring Paul Best and 

Willie Gibson. Muir 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. Free. 
8: 30 - MUSIC. Original music by Ted Guth . Revelle Side Door, Revelle Commons. Free. 

WH" rs ON SI.fI: Wendy El9I • • Id llor; 8.,. 81.nk.n,.ld. Inlo",,"llon coordlnato.; Tony. Yoly. S"'. &_. 
Fred. O.n. J",.l P .. J.n.l F • Owen. O ... nll. C" ... yl. lind. 8 .. lind. L . . SU • . ln'_.lIon , •• " ..... : Cynthl •. 
Cammlt. W ... dy. lypisls. 

p.4 :30 pm C ... Uuaiq EducaU ... Program. University of San Diego Lawyer's Assistant 
progrllDl representatives on campus to discuss program and admissions. General group 
~ti1ll9 -10 am. Appoinbnents 11 am - 4: 30]1111. Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

9-3 pm - Birth Coatrol Cea&er ... See Tuesday. 
10-12 pm - Open Counseling with Dick Weber, 701 MC. 
ID am - Fireside. The Bliha'i Faith will be discussed in the Student Center's Upper 

wmge. Eve.,.one is most welcome. 
Noon - . Carolynn Bowen Hawley will conduct a Music Department Seminar on 
~usic Audientes. Room B 210, Mandeville Center, 

Noon - Meetiag of the Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gymnasium. 
oon - en. Third and Fourth Colleges will sponsor " Rae, Rich, and Kevin" in 

cGllcert. Free, Matthews Cafeteria Patio. 
Noon - Meeting of the Muir College Program Board. Muir Activities Office. B.Y.O. 

LlJllCh. 
oon - CllDcert. Edna, the UCSD Student Information Center, will sponsor the return 

tngagement of the Mike Peed Jazz Quartet Front Gym Steps. Free. / 
I pm - W rsblp. Christian Prayer Meeting. All interested students invited. Lounge 

Conference oom, Student Center. 
I pm - eteralll-Come to a rap session to discuss a Veterans Organization, a quarterly 

work study or any veteran related issue on your mind. Veterans Affair 

Re'cett1tioa. Meet your Provost. Munchies. Muir College Provost Office . 
plli~SelqJm18r. Professor Gilles M. Corcos, College of Engineering, UC Berkeley, will 

Shear Layers : The Stages of Instability and Their Possible Relation 
idIl'llrbl~lel~ce." 7104 Urey HaU, Revelle Campus. 
4 p ' dmlnton team versus South-western College. Southwestern College, Chula 

Vista. 
4 pm- ater Polo team versus Redlands College. UCSD Pool. • 
4 pm - lor. Dr. Alvin Liberman will speak on: " Perception of Knowledge." Small 

Seminar R ,Salk Institute. 
4 P cussion. Barbara Penn from OASIS will conduct a discussion on " How to 

Prepare for finals, " including the arts of taking tests and memorizing. Ma tthews 
Recre' ter. 

~ : 30 eling of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gymnasium. 
\~ : 30 pm - L cture sponsored by the Visual Arts Department. Susan Smith, art historian, 

wullecture 0 " The Naked Judith - A Study on Methodology" Mandeville Center , room 103. 
5 pm - ure sponsored by the Uepartment of History. Professor Charles Rosenberg of 
Depa ent of History, University of Pennsylvania, will speak on " The Hospital Patient 

19 Ce ury America." Garren Auditorium, Basic Science Building, Medical School. 

Meeting of the Belly Dance Club. Recrea.tion Conference Room, Recreation 

eeting of the Yoga Club. Adaptive Room, Main Gymnasium. 
eting. M.E .Ch.A. Meeting. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
eeting of the Campus Program Board. Game Room Conference Room, 

Cen 
6 pm - A of Leng Meeting. Lounge Conference Room, Student Center. 
&pm- eettngofthe Muir Outing ClUb. A.P.M. 2402, Muir Campus. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Fencing Club. West Balcony, Main Gymnasium. 
7 pm - M ing for all those interested in resuming Intercollegiate Track and Field at 

Main topics of discussion will be past, present and future 01 track at UCSD, in-
. cludinlg scheduling, budgeting and equipment. Gymnasium class room. 

- UCSD Roller Skating Night at-the Tri-City Roller Tink, Solana Beach $1.25 in-
transportation, admission , and skate rental. Come join the fun! Purchase tickets at 

RecGym Office before Thursday noon. 
pm - AUDITIONS for UCSD Theatre production of THE WEDDING BAND. See 

. Wlednesclay for details. 
i pm - A B Meeting, Revelle Informal Lounge, Elections this week, all members asked 
be present. 

pm - Seminar-Dr. Thomas J . Fitch, Research Fellow, School of Earth Sciences, 
lian National University, Canberra, will speak on : " Contemporary Tectonics in 

Australia from Seismic Body and Surface Waves." I.G. P .P. Conference Room, 
. Sc'rinrl!': lnstitution of Oceanography. 

- Drama Presentation. " Camino Real .... . see Tuesday listing . 
- Game Nlgbt at the 5& Dime. Here's a chance to meet with other game enthusiasts 

brush up on your Backgammon for the upcoming tournament. B.Y.O. Game. Open to 
. 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. 

10 pm - Kayak rolling lessons sponsored by the Muir Outing Club. Pool. 

90S pm - areer Job Interviews. American Hospital Supply. Seeks any major/degree for 
of sel tiCic lab equipment. Also seeks BA, MS PhD in Bioengineering or related for 

engineering positions. Appointments necessary. Career Planning & Placement 
MC. ' 

9 am - eetlng of the Student Dance Club. North Balcony, Main Gymnasium. 
lOam - Administrative Intern Meeting. Office of Student Organizations, Student Center. 
10 am - Japanese Flower Arranging. International Center. 
12:05 . Mr. Craig Fusaro, Biology Department, UCSB, will speak on: 

Slllnnl1H~'<I Research on Population Structure of the Sand Crab Hlppa." 
Christian Prayer Meeting. All interested students invited . Lounge 
~(!l'ellDlllOlom, Student Center. 

pm - Lecture. William Haisey, M.D., will present a lecture : " All Facial Paralysis Is 
Bell's raisey." Lieb Amphithe'atre, Hospital of Scripps Clinic. 

2pm - Meeting. Inter College Coop. Office of Student Organizations, Student Center. 
2·3 pm -Clinic: For individuals desiring information or counseling on the use or abuse of 

Leaders : Kathy Naive and Hugh Pates, Revelle Counselors Office. X3of90. 
- Seminar. Dr. Robert Galambos, Professor of Neurosciences, UCSD, will speak on 

of Microwaves by Man and Animals." 2100 BSB, Matthews Campus. 
-~ .. of tho Tab~ Ton." Club. Roere.tio. Coof,,,",,, Room, R"",.I;", Gym. 

ation) 
- tic Presentation. The Drama Clu b will present: "The Swrunoning of Every 
a me eval morality .play for modern man. On the front gym steps and the mound 

thelll. Free. 
pm-Meeting of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gymnasium. 

pm - Shabbat services sponsored by the UJS. Also potluck vegetarian dinner. Muir TV 

- Course offering. In conjunction with UCSD's extension program, Thelma Moss of 
Neuropsychiatric Institute will conduct a class on "The Probability of the 

mpQssil)IeI ': a study of psychic phenomena and the controversies surrounding current 
areas such as " biocommunication" and " bioenergenic interactions. " The 

wilt tinue on Saturday morning at 10:00 a.m. and proceed until 5:00 p.m . The 
both ys will be conducted in Room 2100, School of Medicine. Call the Extension 

at 452 for more information, including the fee schedule. 
Gay Students' Assoc. and San Diego State Univ. Gay Students' Union are co-

a ot-Luck Dinner and Dance. Bring your favorite food and a little to share. All 
llle r,este'rl ar welcome. North Conference Room in the Student Center. 

- M Ing of the Campus Crusade for Christ, Winzer Commons, Medi 81 School. 
discussion : " The Power Available to Us." 

pm - Films. The Campus Program board will present: "Animal Crackers," 7:30 
recently re-released 1930 story of the great African hunter Jeffrey T. (for Edgar~ ' 

" Monkey Business," 9:15 p.m., the frantic adventures of stowaways aboard an 
'tarllln,.. Both films feature the ~arx Brothers. Admission is $1.00. USB 2722, Revelle 

7:30 pm - MeetiDg of the Folk Dance Club. Recreation Conference Room, Rec Gym-
nasium. 

7:30 Rm - Seminar. Professor Martin Shapiro, Department of Political Science, " Certain 
Inalienable Rights ... The film "Freedom and Security" will also be shown. The progrllm is 
sponsored by the Extension Office. CaJl then at 452-3400 for more information. Free with 
UCSD ID. General ad-nission $4. 

8 pm - New Music presented by a music presented by a music performanceciass. Recital 
Hall, Mandeville Center. \ 

8 Plll- Drama PreseDtation. Camino Real...see Tuesday listing . 
8 pm - Handcrafts Exblbltlon aDd Sal\!. GaJlery 8 will offer for sale a melange of imported 

and domestic handcrafts. Featured will be a wide assortment of jewelry and textiles . 
Baroque music performed by a recorder group headed by Ralph Lewin wiJI accompany the 
exhibition Gallery 8, International Center. 

8:30 pm - Drama Production. " The Convention" by T. K. Blakesley, is playing at the 
Crystal Palace Theater, 3785 Ocean Front Walk, Mission Beach. 

8 pm - Department of Drama presents THE LAUNDRY directed by M.F .A. candidate 
John Ovrutsky. The play-a sometimes frightening, always bewildering, comedy by con-
temporary playwright David Guerdon-will be presented in the UCSD Studio Theatre (409 1 
MC ). Admission is free, but passes must be picked up in Drama Office . 

9 pm - Dance sponsored by The Third World Cultural Program. Admission is $2.00. 
Revelle Cafeteria. 

9 pm - Concert. Coffee House; one night only : " Duff" at the Keyboard Muir 5 & Dime, 
Lower Muir Commons. Free. 

pm - Chess Tournament. Student Center - Awards for Hacks and Experts ... Entrance 
at the door 9-9:30 ... Chess for everyone! Rounds 9:30,12 :30, 4:00. . 

m-Badminton tournament. Mesa College, San Diego . 
9 am - omen's Swimming team will partiCipate in the Santa Barbara Invitational Mcet. 

Uf;SB, Santa Barbara. 
fo am - Meeting of the Aikido Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gymnasium. 
10 am - Meeting of the Karate Club. Main Gymnasium. 
o a'm - Course Offering. In conjunction with the UCSD extension program, Betzi Roe will 

conduct a 'nar on " The Art of Dance." The class will proceed until 3 :30 pm, in Sumner 
AlI.di , Scripps Institute of Oceanography. Call the Extension Office at 452-3400 for 
more mformation, including fee schedule. 

10 am - Bike Ride for riders of all abilities. Meet in front of the Bike Shop. 
m - anksgiving Turkey Trot. Predict your time for our 3-mile cross-country 

course Tho closest win a delicious turkey for your Thanksgiving table ! P rizes to be 
awarded in a number of different categories. Sign up in the RecG ym Office. 

1 pm Soccer team versus Northrop College. Muir F ield, UCSD. 
1 pm - Fencing Tournament with Cal State Fullerton and UC Santa Ba rbara. Ca l State 

Fullerton, Fu erton. 
1-4 pm - T E GREAT PAPER AIRPLANE CONTEST .. . Many valua ble prizes awarded 

to winners4n a numer of categories : best and craziest design, duration aloft, distance 
flown, and others. For a different type of adventure in space, contact RecGym Office for 

pre-registr::tj,~)D and further information. Contest to be held at Tioga Hall on Muir campus. 
Sponsored f71' KSDT and PE dept. 

2 pm - Department of Drama present THE LAUNDRY. See Friday for detai ls. 
7'38 pm ... Film. The Chinese Student Association will present a film. F urther in-

forma tion .. forthcoming. H.S.S. 2250, Muir Campus. 
713O-anCHo pm - The Campus Program Board will present the film "Seduction of Mimi," 

comic and olitical minded sexual farce by the highly acclaimed Italian woman director 
Li Wert lIer. Admission is $1 .00. USB 2722, Revelle Campus. 

8 pm - Drama Presentation. " Camino Real" ... see Tuesday listing. 
pm - Mus c. The UCSD Opera tudio and the La Jolla CiviclUniversity Symphony will 

p rt 's 0peJ8 " The ic Flute. " The opera studio will be directed by John 
rge and the sympho by Thomas ee. Mandeville Auditorium. Admission is $1.25 for 

U SD studen!4i and $3.00 fOr others. 
~lW1- De rtment of ma presents THE LAUNDRY. See Friday for details . 
8:30 - Dra Prodlidiwl, "TlIiH.:Jlnv~ntion" .. . See Friday. 
9 pm - Dance. The Revelle Resident Hall Board will sponsor a dance. Student iden-

tification is required . The band playing to be announced . Revelle Cafeteria. 

10 am ~ encing team versus CSUF Epee. Cal State Fullerton, Fullerton . 
1'.30 am Wors!llp. Catholic Students Mass. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
1 - Chess Tournament. Student Center Rounds 11 :00, 3:00. 
7 pm licate Bridge. Revelle North Dining Hall. 
7, 3Opm- ridge Lesson. Revelle Formal Lounge. FREE. 
7 pm Film. "Duck Soup" at the Matthews Cafeteria . Admission : 50 cents. 
7:30 pm -"poetry Reading in the Loft Bookstore , 935 Sixth Ave., San Diego. Upstairs, 2 

d J'3roadway. This week Bruce Boston will be featured. Donation: $1. 
8 pm - Films. The Yoga Club will present the films: " A Difficult Man" and "Sex, 
ughter and God Realization." USB 2622, Revelle Campus. 

8-pm - Dr a Pn:sentation. "Camino Real .... . see Tuesday listing. 
8 pm - Mus C. The UCSD Opera Studio and the La Jolla Civic/University Symphony will 

perfenn -M,cprt's opera "The Ma . Flute." The opera studio will be directed by John 
Large and tlle syn)pllony by Thomas . Mand~e Auditorium. 

8t30pm-'Drama Produc , "The OD(tvention" . ee Friday. 
WOR.!IIIIP FOR Students U1d StUt at University-Ccmmunity Church: 

Catholic - ':3~ andl pm. 
bJttreran -10 am. 
Episcopal- 11 :30 am . . 

WHA rs ON pays S3 lor pllOlograplls used In 
lh e pages. Submll Ihem 10 Ihe Trllon 
Tlmts, 117 BI.I<e Hali . by . pm Fnd y 



equality in h(' and em- the revolutionary process is to be 
ployment, the lea t it can do, ac- completed. 
cording to Cam jo, is provide Finally, whether one sym-
equality in edu~tion. For this pathizes with his party's proposals 
reason, he lIupports busing and ornot , Mr.Camejodidrevealsome 
insists that no one can "sit on the very disturbing facts about our 
fence" on this iuu •. Either you are electoral process which ought to be 
for equality or for discrimination. of concern to all. For example, 

He' questioned the efficiency of although the SWP has raised 
Boston Judge Garrity in taking 20 enough money across the nation to 
years to force compliance with the qualify for federal "matching 
1S:;4 Supreme Court decision funds ," Mr. Camejo will receive 
banning school segregation. Then, not a ' peMY. It seems the good 
he exploded the anti-busing myth Democrats and Republicans in 
of the " ne ighborhood school Congress attached some fine print 
tradition" with a few poignant to the campaign refonn legislation 
illustrations : limiting these funds to members of 

a) Whites have always been their parties only (Independent 
bused into the black Roxbury preSidential candidate Eugen! 
section because the best technical McCarthy is presently contesting 
high school in the city is located this limitation before the U S 
there. Supreme Court. ) 

b) Many of the Boston buses Also, in order for the Democratic 
which were surrounded by brick- candidate for President to appear 

' carrying mobs shouting "Kill on the ballot in the state of 
Niggers" were filled with black California , he must present a 
children from Columbia Point on petition with 55 signatures. Mr. 
their way to South Boston High - Camejo needs 650,000 signatures 
their oelgbborbood school. for the same privilege. 

Camejo was visibly proud to Mr. Camejo also pointed out that 
proclaim his anti-racist position, his party is involved in a major 
and challenged his Democratic and civil liberties suit to halt govern-
Republican opponents to do the runent spying and harrassment of 
same. He likened the SWP to the the most active opponents of 
abolitionists of the pre-Civil War goverrunent policies. He suggested 
era who believed that although it that individuals might wish to 
might mean defeat, " the truth support the Political Rights 
must be told." Defense Fund, a group which 

Four, To say only that Camejo is addresses itself to ~uch .issues. (A 
a supporter of the Cuban cursory examlOatlOn of 
Revolution is misleading. It is true . distinguished sponsors of the group 
that he paid t ribute to the enor- revealed the name of John Henry 
mous progress achieved by the Faulk of "Fe~r on Trial" f~e.) 
Cuban revolutionary goverrunent In conclUSion, I should like to 
in terms of health care , mass express once more f!1Y dismay at 
education and the distribution of the slovenly reportmg accorded 
wealth. It is true that he much Mr. Camejo. One can only hope 
prefers the present govenunent to that m too tutu~~, VISits .by ca~­
the one it replaced. Yet he stated dida~es for political .offlce Will 
quite clearly that in h is receive more profeSSional news 
estimation, Cuba needs to evolve coverage [rom the Triton Times. 
into a more democratic society if KEVIN J . O'CONNOR 

Restaurant and Saloon 
6737 La Jolla Blvd. La Jolla 

459·3633 
Lunch: Mon. thru Friday 11 :30 a.m.-2 :30 
Dinner : Sun. thru Thurs. 5 p.m.· 10 p.m., 

Fri.-Sat. 5 p.m.- II p.m. 
Sunday Champagne Brunch : 10 a.m.·2 p.m. 

Happy Hours : Mon .·Fri. 4 p .m.·6 p.m. 
Chris Creasman on gu.lar 

..... 011 .11IIl'S 
, . 

Del Drago ... 
substantial differetce. with Murphy and is a member of 

However, after an emergency the search con:umttee, proposed 
meetirig early Thursday afternoon, that the COmmittee get together 
search 'committee and vice- and .. 1et Murphy know ,that the 
chancellor came together on the POSItion selected Del Drago [or w~ 
nature of the job al¥l selected Del th~ same as the job Murphy had m 
Drago, whom they view as "an rrund. 
ouLsUtuding candidate for the job." All search committee members, 

Del Drago told Murphy Thurs- when contacted, agreed with this, 
day she would decide whether to and six of the eight members met 
take the job this week. . with Murphy. Apparently they 

Thursday mOrRing there was a convinced him they were all 
meeting between students a~ered seeking a person who was qualified 
over Murphy's original decision to work with the Women's center, 
and Murphy . At it , Murphy , but primarily in general student 
outlined the reasons behind that arfirmative action, as Del Drago 
decision. was approved for the poSition. 

Hf: said if he hired someone to Later , Murphy said "the a~ 
work primarily as Women's Center parent disagreement over the 
coordinator, other groups would duties of the job was more 
use that as precedent to · demand imaginary than real." 
their own coordinator. Students who met at Murphy 's 

Members of his staff who work office at 2 approved the decision. 
with the BSU, MECHA and the MaoyCbarges 
physically limited had told him The Thursday morning meeting 
those groups would seek a coor- .was filled with charges leveled at 
dinator if it appeared the Murphy by students. 
Women's Center was getting one, 
he said. Soto 

• At the meeting MECHA said it • • • 
supported the coordinatorship for going in the White House. 
the Women's Center. Everywhere I go, people are 

VlolateAf Ac Regulatloos talking about running their 
Murphy also said that Nancy hometown hero for president. What 

Williams, who coordinates af- gets me, though, is that so many of 
finnative action in campus hiring, these operators take the advice of 
told him Tuesday morning that the the homefolk. 
appointment of a person· as I lose track of how many are 
Women 'sCentercoordinatorwould running now, and sometimes I'm 
violate affirmative action beginning to wonder whether it 
regulations. makes any difference who wins. 

Students at the meeting told ' But I smell something fishy. 
Murphy they expected a decision Somebody has to be bankrolling 
by 2 that afternoon. it was not these big spending machines. It 
specified what would happen if takes a lot of money to run every 
Murphy decided to not hire Del unemployed politician for . 
Drago, but there was talk of a president. TIlere has got to be a 
march on the Chancellor' s office. reason for it somewhere." 
Additionally, a rally had been Ina Fix 
planned for the next day. Marlowe, like anyone else, is in a 

Friday morning the Women's fix , Why is everyone running? Why 
Center reported the rally had been does Wallace continue to pile up 
called off. votes? What is the truth beHind 

. After Murphy left the meeting, Watergate? What is behind the 
however, most of the students latestshakeup? 
stayed. Rick Whitehill , who works Marlowe speculates : "I thought 

GSU ••. 
In response to the Steering 

Committee statement that other 
unions would not cross the picket 
lines, the GSU member said with 
respect to the Solar strike, 
" Despite a strike sanction by the 
San Diego Labor CoWlcil, other 
member unions crossed these 
lines." 

Two Unions 
Representatives from two AFlr 

CIO sanctioned unions were 
present to discuss the advantages 
and disadvantages of joining their 
respect ive g roups. Members of 
AFSCME and AFT were on hand to 
give a brief description of their 
union and to field questions from 
the GSU members. 

Pat Orr and David Kessler from 
AFSCME indicated that industrial 
unions are currently bein g 
organized throughout the nine 
University of California campuses. 
This will continue until their major 
goal is obta ined - that of collective 
bargaining for all University 
employees. 

" remaining a small, cohesive, 
elite g roup to take on the 
University or of becoming part of 
the working class movement which 
has the most potential to help gain 
better working conditions." 

David Kessler, a member of UC 
Berkeley 's graduate student 
AFSCME chapter, gave examples 
of actions that could take place if 
unionized under AFSCME_ Funds 
would be provided in the event of a 
strike and AFSCME locals would 
be encouraged to support the 
strike. 

However, no guarantees were 
given the other locals would ac-
tually go on strike. That would be 
up to the individuals within the 
locals , Kessler said. 

There are currently about 40 
members of AFSCME at UCSD, 
includin g clerical employees, 
secretaries, and custodians. 

58 AFT Members 
Professor James Flink, the 

President of the University Council 
of the AFT, gave the history of his 
union, and his pos ition concerning 
the GSU . 

...... ,.. ~17,l1'11 

One person called for "a full-
scale investigation" of affirmative 
action involved in Student Affairs 
hiring and into the " various 
technicalities" in withdrawing the 
position at such a late date. 

Murphy said he consulted with 
Williams and Bob Albert, campus 
affirmative action head, over his 
hirings this summer, and that they 
approved them. Another person 
charged that members of the 
student affirmative action com-
mittee were not consulted over the 
hirings . 

Murphy responded by saying he 
had tried several times to make 
contact with the group. 

Students at the meeting said that 
Murphy had made up his mind 
about closing the position before he 
consulted with Williams Tuesday 
morning. They said Murphy had. 
announced his decision at a 
meeting Monday, and had asked 
Williams for advice retroactivet· 

r 

Ford wanted to be President again. 
If he does , I can't figure why he 
sacked Schlesinger and and kept 
Kissinger . Wait a minute-
Kissinger is Rock's man and 
nobody knows what either of them 
is really up to. No it can't be. Are 
Rocky and Henry tryin~ to pull a 
fast one on us? I don't know, I just 
don't know. But it's worth 
following up. I think I'll give Rocky 
and Henry a call and see what they 
have up their sleeve." 

Who knows if Marlowe is right or 
wrong. He certainly couldn't be 
any further off the mark than some 
political pundits or the book· 
makers who have been taking a 
bath recently . But Marlowe has a 
solution to this current dilemmaif 
his hunch about Rocky and Henry 
does not pan out. 

He just might say, " I'm going to 
si t in out and wait, because 
something has got to give- and it 
looks like it is going to be big." 

striking T As at sections or "fink," 
on striking TAs, but will hold 
lectures. Flink believes that any 
professor who did teach section 
" should have his head examined," 
as it would show the ad· 
ministration he could get along 
with TAsor RAs. 
should not have been called 
without a collective bargaining 
bill. Without it " a strike would be 8 
pious exercise to negotiate with.the 
administration on salan es, 
working conditions, etc." 

Outside the general meeting, 
' Flink told individual GSU mem-
bers they should not have called 
the strike vote without legal 
opinion on whether the ad· 
ministration can take dismissal or 
financial action, against them-
selves or faculty, and without an 
ac curate count of undergraduate 
and faculty support for them. 

He did, however, praise the 
GSU's superb professionalism in 
handling their issues, and termed 
their goals as " moderate." 

Orr said that AFSCME's power 
lay with the people, that theirs is a 
collective organization and that 
they have a " militant reputation." 
She gave the GSU a choice of either 

Flink s tated that there are about 
58 AFT members at UCSD, who 
theore tically will not replace 

The 'GSU will continue vo~ 
upon union affiliation and choice Ii 
a union until Nov. 26, when the 
ba \lots wi11 be counted. 

Records ... 
It is a ' good idea by a good 

m usician. Jan Hamme r, fonne r 
keyboardist with the Mahavishnu 
Orchestra , has put together his 
musical interpretation of the 
Biblical tale of creation. It suc-
ceeds in some points and fails in 
others. 

On the . fifth and sixth days , 
pe r cuss ion by David Earle 
Johnson is added . On the second 
and fifth through seventh days 
Steve Kindler (of the Mahavishnu 
Orc hestra ) adds his violln . The 
rest of the album is pisno and 
synthesizer . The jacket carries the 
disclaime r , " For those concerned : 

There is no guitar on this album." 
FACE THE MUSIC -ELECl'RIC 

LIGHT ORCHESTRA. United 
Artists Records. 

"Face the Music" is the s econd 
conceptual album by the Electric 
Lil(ht Orchestra. This means that 
the entire album should be thought 
of as one piece. 

That is not a difficult task s ince 
the entire album sounds alike. In 
fact, it also sounds the same as 
ELO's effort, " EI Dorado," which 
was one of the best ablums 
released In a long time. 

"Face the Music" would have 
been equally great if It was not 

.-lOc h a blatant copy of " EI DoradO, 
ELO now seems to be /ltuck In ,8 
commercial rut. They (or thelf 
producers ) are afraid to r!Sk 
alienating the consumer by trYlIIg 
something new, but instead theY 
are going to alienate the consumer 
through boredom. 

Too bad. ELU is a group that 
make a big contribution to 
music , but they certainly are . 
J,!oinf( to do so if they keep churninll 
out the same thinf( all the time. 

Don'l forget ... L.ve music ellery Wed(18~ay night in th. Re"ell' 
S.de Door 

-- .... 

Sports Notebook 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

The T ntH .occer tHiI ........ tile ..... pfieId In the tint nNIIId win ower C81 Lllfhern. FrOlll I.ft, 1M Stuff In IIgIrt Ienl,l, Irt ............ wltll tile baa, Joe Wett.teln, Hank van Norden, llId Olaflde Shob .... (n PlMto: NaIll. Mlyen) 
Soccer loss Eliminates UCSD From Playoffs ' A record total of over 300 teams participated in the first quarter of 1975-76 intramurals, and this week 

the total will be reduced by about 
225, as play-offs begin over the 
weekend. 

by Seou SadIl 
Staff Writer 

Playing without the services of 
leading scorer Alfonso Gonzales, 
the UC San Diego soccer was 
eliminated from the NAIA DIstrict 
3 playoffs Saturday by losing to 
Pomon.Pitzer,2-1. 

Gonzales, the Tritons forward-
center, was not present when the 
team bus left the UCSD campus 

Saturday morning. No information 
was available as to a reason for his 
absence. 

The soccer match itself was 
highlighted by extremely even, 
well-played competition. Both 
teams handled the ball skillfully, 
besides playing tough, agressive 
defense. Despite a furious of-
fensive attack by Pop in the final 
minutes of the first ba If, the initial 

JV Basketball: UClA Win? 
By Paul Waper 

StaHWriter 
UCLA is one college basketball 

tea m everyone would like to beat. • 
Sometime this January, the UC 
San Diego junior varsity team will 
have their chance. 

Before then, the team, coached 
by Ron Wertt, will have to face the 
likes of Point Lorna College, United 
States International University 
ruSIU) , Grossmont and other local 
talent. 

This year's squad is made up 
mostly of freshmen and 
sophomores, which gives the team 
a chance to start working together 
as a unit from the beginning. There 
is only one returnee among the top 
eight players. 

After holding several scrim-
mages, Werft said that he has high 
expectations for the team, because 
of the the spirit they have, and the 
confidence they ' have in them-
selves. Werft expects the spiritand J.IIIor ..... 1ty forward Joe 
confidence to be a major factor in Gree •• tein. 
the team's success since the 
players for the most part are short. 

Another attribute of the team, 
according to Werft, was that the 
team consists of some "very in-
telligent shooters who should keep 
the team's field goal percentage 
high." 

" I am anticipating some trouble 
on defense due to the team's 
general size, but because of the 
players attitude, I am more 
worried about their height lluin 
'they are. They have shown the 
ability to work as a unit-the mark 
of any good basketball team. " 
Whe n a coach can make a 
statement like that even before the 
fi rst game of the season, it · is 
USua Ily with good reason. 

Werft believes he hss found the 
nucleus of a strong Triton team. 
Ltading UCSD will be 6'5" Tom 
Polk at center. Surrounding Polk 
lIil1 be Randy Meis, Joe Greenstein 

and ScOtt Hall, all of whom Werft 
calls his best shooters. The player 
who is expected to run the team on 
the court will be Doug Hafford, 
whom Werft calls "the quar-
terback." 

Usually one of the key traits of a 
team is the bench strength. If 
substitutes are dependable the 
squad is usually strong. Summing 
up the bench potential, Werft 
called it "deep." He said that 
because there were eight potential 
starters on the team, it will be hard. 
to pick a starting line-up for the 
opener. 

He is going to have to make that 
decision soon as the Triton JV s 
open the 1975-76 campaign Nov. 24 
against Miramar. If the team 
fulfills Werft's expectations, the 
season should be exciting, ex-
peclally if they are able to beat 
UCLA in Pauley Pavillion. 

Badminton Clinches Second 
Dropping its final chance for the District championship, the UC San 

Diego badminton team was nipped by Mesa College Thursday, 7~. 
It was sudden death for the Tritons, now 7-2, as they traveled to Mesa 

for a rematch against the undefeated Olympians. UCSD took its only 
other loss, 10-3, from Mesa earlier in the season, and needed a win 
Thursday for a first place tie. 

It was Mesa's Rudy Surya who ,ras the spoiler for the Tritons, as he 
opened the afternoon with a men's singles win over UCSD's Kama 
Ghorpade, and concluded it with a mixed doubles victory. 

For the Tritons, it was the undefeilled tandems of Cliff Gates and Gary 
Kreitzer, al¥l S&eve Wai and Lee Miramontll, that kept the team alive. 
The two doubles teams swept their M .. rivals for the second time this 

Y~ ar , and with Carol Steinberg's ~ 1-11, 11-4 11-4 singI. " 
1I1n, the TrItons were tied t-t going imo the mixed doubles. 
T Ghorpade and Ingrid Benlrscke won, and with two matches left, the 
Mtons traUed 1-1, needi ... wins in both to beat Mesa. Stein", and ~reitzer were stopped In a three-game match minutes later, while the 
e~m of Laurie Berg and Harry Yen won, gMng the Olympians a one-
~Int dectsion. 
I With second place clinched, UCSD meets Southwestem in the season Inale tomorrow. 

• I ••• 

period ended with no score. Only 
very active defensive play by the 
Triton fullbacks and some ex-
cellent goalie work by Doug 
Youngdale during this pop blitz, 
kept the score even. 

Early in the second half of playa 
pop forward out-dribbled the 
UCSD defenders and drove a 
short kick into the nets to open the 
game's scoring, But the Tritons 
came right back to the even the 
contest. Steve Cardona passed 
across the goalmouth to a wide 
open Peter Latham who scored the 
tying goal. 

From this point on the action 
grew exceptionally intense as both 
teams tried to gain an advantage. 
Agressive play by Triton Jairo 
Marin resulted in his receiving a 
second yellow warning card from 
the referee and being ejected from 
the match. Late in the game poP, 
bringing up one of its fullbacks into 
the offensive picture to put added 
pre sure on the UCSD defenders, 
scored the game winning goal. 

IT Game of the Week 

No Names 
Over TBAs 

7- --

in Basketba II 
ByRooKato 
StaHWriter 

Spotlighted in the Triton Times 
game of the week, the No Names 
pressed to win the final two games 
and came from behind to narrowly 
down the TBAs (To Be Announced) 
Wednesday in what nearly turned 
out to be an upset. 

Playing in the Shepard three 
man basketball league, the No 
Names, captained by Gene 
Erzinger, remained m pJayott 
contention by raising their match _ 
record (two out of three games 
constitutes a match) to 5-1. 

Losing to the TBA s in the opener 
of the match 12-10, the No Names 
handily won the second game 12-2, 
before battling out a 12-8 victory in 
the rub~r game of the match. 
, Despite posting a mediocre 2-3 
record, the TBAs displaying ex-
cellent balance behind the shooting 
of Mike Newlee and the rebounding 

CoaUo.ed _ Pap 1% 

Football post-season competition 
starts Saturday, floor hockey, 
three-man basketball , and 
vo\1eyball open Sunday, and in-
nertube water polo begins Monday 
nighr. The coed doubles tennis 
leagues probably won't have play-
offs, because rain delayed their 
schedules in the middle of the 
quarter. 

" We had more participants than 
ever before," said Lee Johnson, 
the head of the r ec reation 
department . " I am a little 
disappointed in some people's 
attitudes, however. Some of the 
players ruin the enjoyment of 
others by always getting on the 
referees. If they think the refs are 
so bad , they should try to do it 
themselves. " 

Lee Johnson 
. (n Photo: Paul Jarvis) 

Despite an outbreak of rotten attitudes, Johnson expects continued 
growth of the intramural program. Next quarter three forms of 
basketball, two forms of soccer, kickba ll, I-pitch softball and coed 
volleyball will be ava ilable ... 

Johnson has also built the weekly football pool into a successful 
operation. For the whole year, John Cates, Jim Radebush and Johnson 
were tied with 177 winning choices as of the sta rt of the weekend. R wnor 
has it that the wiMers last weekend were Johnson and a certain sports 
editor... 

Fourth College sophomore Alan Russell, a fonne r Triton varsity 
basketball player, has taken over presidency of the UCSD Frisbee Club. 
Russell took over the job from Phil Burnett, who enlisted in the navy, 
evidently after ~ettinl! fed UD with frisbees. Russell is trying to schedule 
a match against the San Diego State frisbeers. A frisbee match, R ussell 
says, " is a cross between soccer, basketball and football . 

" We 're trying to teach the members (about 20 so far ) all of the different 
throws. We're also looking for some more experienced players to join." 
Sounds interesting, sort of... 

The UCSD Snow Ski Club is plaMing two trips during the next month. 
The first is during the Thanksgiving break, to Utah. The cost is $99.95, 
covering transpm:tation, lift tickets and lodging. The second trip will be 
for a week during Chrisbnas vacation, to the All-Cal Winter Carnival in 
Aspen, Colorado. The price, $161 , covers everything imagina ble. 
Infonnation about both trips is available in the rec gym office ... 

The uam Belly Dance Club is having a Harem Night in the Inter-
national Center, a week from tonight. Tickets are being sold in the rec 
gym office ... 

Coach Andy Skeif is holding a meeting for everyone interested in 
joining the intercollegiate track a nd field squad, U's Nov. 20 in the 
gymnasium classroom, starting at 7 pm ... 

In the pros .. . the Chargers are gone until Dec. 14, when Joe Namat h and 
the Jets are in town. By then, I predict San Diego will bave already ex-
perienced two vistories ... the Mariners are at home twice this week, 
hosting Denver Thursday and Edmunton Saturday night at the Sports 
Arena .. . the Sails, for those anxious to see them, will be out of town for a 
while... . 

" Cavalcade of Surf," a movie by 
Bud Browne high-lighting 10 years 
of classic long-board ing, w ill be 
shown this Friday, 7:30, at Pacif ic 
Beach Jr. High. The movie features 
Phil Edward" Buzzy Trent, and l. J. 

Richards, a La Jo lla local. A 
McGili vry/ Freeman • short, "Catch 
the Jay." will also be , hown. Cost 
is $1.25. with proceeds going to the 
San Diego Surf Life Savin g 
Association. 

• Course conduded by the foremost test developers in the nation! 
• Our method gives you a SPECIFIC TECHNIQ(JE for EACH SECTION of the LSAT ... 

you will meet the LSAT on its own termsl 
• Course Includes PRACTICE LSAT, for utilizing techniques given to you ... 
• Each student receives INDIVIOOAL PROFILE of strengths and weaknesses for each 

section .. . 
• We're testing specIalists; we're fast; we're efficient ... and-best of all. our mf't~ will 

MAXIMIZE YOUR SCORE on the LSAT. 

When 
and 

Where 

TUITIOtI S40.00 \ ENROLL rtOWI 
SuncIIt" l'Ionmber nrd For more Info., 
Un .... of San Diego please can us at 
lIIw School- Room 2A (714) 239-4443 
IIIn Dleao 



....... 

Guidelines for Access to Student Records 
[TIle f.llowtD~tIIe pidelbles, lulled by UC Sa. Dlep'. Office of Studellt Mfaln, 

for tile Implem • aI &be FamUy EdIleado_1 R ...... aad PrIvacy Ad of 117.: I 
students are aol that under the provisions of the Family Educational Rights and 

Privacy Act of W1 ,every student is accorded the right to inspect and review education 
records directly ::-elated to the student's status as a student that are held by any unit or 
department of UC San Diego. 

Student requests to inspect education records pertaining to the student'. status as a 
stude~ shaU be granted within 46 day. after the request has been made. St . dents shall 
have an opportunity for • hearing to challenge the COIlte~ of the student's records, to 
insure that the records are not lnacc~te, misleading, or otherwise in violation of the 
privacy or other rights of the student, and to provide an opportunity for the correction or 
deletion of any such inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise inappropriate data, contained 
therein. 

The right of inspection is available to students who are or have been in attendance and 
extend<! to tha&e materials which are intended for University use or which are available 
to parties outside the University system. Third parties shall not have access to education 
records or information pertaining to students as students without the written consent of 

th~ particular student about whom such Infonnation Is sought. 

Students are advised that the full text of the Family Educational Rights and PrIvacy 
Act of 1974 Is available at these locations: 

Office of the Vice-chancellor and Dean of Student affairs; Offices of Admissions and 
Registration; Central University Library; the four provost's offices; Office of the Dean 
of Graduate Studies and Research. 

Comic Con .•• Supennan.~ Cheaper to Relax ... 
pros, who leaned back and growled 
things like "Are we gonna get into 
this or just mouth off for awhile?" 
They consulted : " Let's go in on 
this for 145 each. I know somebody 
who'll give $150 for that piece 
easy." They examined the artwork 
closely, as the con-people tried to 
pinpoint its value and virtues. 

And there were the guests. Jock 
Mahoney, the twelfth movie 
Tarzan; Kirk Alyn, the most 
famous movie Superman; Don 
Rico, comic book writer, artist and 
historian ; Danton Burroughs, 
grandson of famous ranatsy author 
Edgar Rice Burroughs ; and for-
mer world karate champion Bob 
Wall. 

And Jack Kirby. Jack " King" 
Kirby, refered by millions of comic 
freak as THE creative rorce in the 
industry. Kirby. of Fantastic Four. 
CaptaiD America and New Gods 
fame. They billed his talk " Kirby 
Unleashed." It was a s lide show 
detailing his ~year career as a 
weaver of legends and teller of 
he roic tales. 

and a poster called Man and 
Machine. 

This poster, Kirby said, 
represented his belief of the future. 
" If we go far enough with 
technology we are going to merge 
with our own machines. We are 
going to be the computer .. . and 
what will happen to us I don't 
know. The battle will be : Who 
survives ... Suppose there is nothing 
left of either of us ; just something 
that contains the both of us. " 

It is the delving into those kinds . 
of questions, the sheer imagination ; 
represented by someone like Jack 
Kirby, that make comic books the 
vital art ronn they are today, and . 
make comic conventions the 
thoroughly enjoyable experience 
they are. 

Do It ..• 

thing was too bot, 10 " took 8bcNlt 
six years te develop aad refille_ 
That Is ODe versloa. 

"Th·i! other versloa, wbicb Is 
equally true, Is that tbere were 
these terrible thiDgl golag on ill 
Germany, you mow. Several 
people were belag mardered, Cbere 
were 10 lIUIIIy borrible tblql goiag 
on ill the world. ADd wbea I thoupt 
or doing a super character I felt 
that It would be woaderful If 
somebody did exist, If they did 
sometbiag about these awful tbillgs 
that happeaed te people In tlUs 
world. And that belped ill &be 
creation of SupermaL" 

Then steppiDg lightly off the 
stage and smillDg gem.Dy, Jerry 
Siegel headed tewanl UIe throng of 
autegrapb seekers. 

It does not make sense to me that someone would not avail himself of a 
userul technique just because the mechanism has not been completely 
figured out. I doubt that many of us will stop taldng aspirin for headaches 
just because its mechanism of action is not well understood. 

Concerning the question of religion, I must say that lowe no allegiance 
to Maharishi and do not subscribe to any Hindu religious beliefs, yet 
thoroughly enjoy practicing TM. The fact that there is an innocuous 
initiation ceremony when first learning TM should not prevent someone 
rrom taking up the practice any more than he should refrain from going 
to baseball games because the National Anthem is sung at the beginning. 

tensively involved in research on biofeedback, meditation and 1mnan 
consciousness. Likewise, Leon Otis is director of Psychbiology and 

. Physiology at the stanford Research Institute, and infrequent meditator. 
These are hardly incompetent men who publish for popular magazines' 

as Mr. Schindler suggests. Only Colin Campbell, Assistant Editor for 
Psychology Today, lacks significant credentials in this area. The 
bibliographies for their articles make considerable use of the research 
Mr. Schindler makes reference to about TM. 

Turning to the religious aspects of TM, Mr. Schindler made no com-
ment on the quote from Maharishi's book where he attributes TM to Vedic 
Rishi writings or on the Hinduism of the puja. Again, I will cite Maharishi 
from his own book Tl'8IIIl'elMleatal Meditatloa. 

On page 22, writing on " What is Being?". he says, "BEING is the living 
presence of Go, the reality of life." In his section on "Being, the Eternal 
and Ultimate Reality, " p. 33, he says, " The Upanishads bring out the 
BEING as the ultimate reality ... the hymm of the Vedas and Bhagavad 
Gita (Hindu writings) sing the glory of the imperishable self, the 
BEING ... the Upanishads explore the BEING as Brahma in the regions 
where cosmic prana takes its birth and explore it for man within him-
self." 

On page 34 he continues, "The Bhagavad Gita gives a very clear ex-
position on the path of enlightenment, the transcendental deep 
meditation .. . " Then Maharishi tells \Ii the technique for experiencing the 
Being : " The process of bringing the attention to the level of the tran-
scendental Being Is known as the system transcendental deep 
meditation. " (p. 46) . • 

No, practicing TM or going through . he initiation or the puja do not 
make a person a Hindu, but a person is pI t;lcticing Hinduism by following 
Maharishi's TM. I trust people can reco,'nize Maharishi's error about 
denying his TM is religiOUS. 

However, all is not bleak. The value of relax methods are not lost. Dr. 
Herbert Benson of Harvard. an extensive r~ earcher or TM, has come up 
with a method that achieves the same results of TM. In his recent book, 
Relaxation Reponse, Dr. Benson explains how a person can relax using 
no East~ rn jargon, or initiation ceremonies or religious connotations. For 
$6.95 the book is not a bad buy when compared to the going rate ror 

The slides detailed facets or his 
career, and Kirby commented on 
each, giving his personal viewpoint 
on his creations . The s lides in-
cluded The Forever People, his 
statement of young people as " the 
essence of life," Darkseid, his 
" interpretation or ... total power" 

In short, it is possible to retain all of one's religious, political and other 
beliers and still gain a greater enjoyment of life through practicing 
Transcendental Meditation . Maharishi's TM. 

.TF.DROSE GEORGE POST 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Classifieds should either be printed or typed on a 3"x S" eard 

(avaitable in Triton Times office). They may be submitted 
anytime between 9 and noon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The ' following rates are for 100 spaces - if you use more 
spaces, the rate will double. (100 spaces- .~; 101 to 2IlO -.5Of). 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads: students -.~ 

nonstudents - $1 
Deadlines: 5 pm Friday for Monday; 5 pm Monday for 

Wednesday ; 5 pm Wednesday (or Friday. 
Announcements : fri!e. All announcements will run in the 

Monday calendar. Deadline for calendar: S pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections to listings in the 'Schedule of 

Classes for regular University courses will be charged $1 .) 

ItoUSiNG 
FOR RENT AttractIve 3 bedroom house 
QUiet street In line Clairemont neigh-
borhood. near good shopping. schools. 
Ireeways. UCSD Secluded garden. Iru it 
Irees large garage / wo<kshop S375/month . 
I year lease. renewable Call (days) 488-
0575 . ask 10< Clill Jarvis: (8IIenlngs) 459· 
H835 111 119) 

Roommate tor ;t Bd m apl 100 to 145 rent. 
Mellow mU5tC13' writer ace. . Early Dec 
cpl. Ok Ron 45 '-9f67 (11 It 7) 

UCSD SenIor. II Inti In h,S van. seekS to rent 
a ;'·car garage With kitchen and blthroom 
prI""eges. for a hu '" tia.;f. c-o.., P"Y""f" 10 
SSO Imo Includor g utilities. Call 454 .. 8549 and 
leave your name a numberllt /?l) 
Roommate 10 .ha" 2 bedroom apt . Own 
room 'ully f "nished 11 2 SO /mo. Incl 
uhllh ... on PB. no pets. Call 273-t529 
/11/ 11) 

Female grad lo>l<'"g 10< lem rmmate lor 2 br 
apt ,n PB or 10 100II In s.me area Helen 270. 
3136 or try ;>15·01 41 (11/17) 

Roommale needed 10 share Ig 3BR house In 
o B Ocean vIew plus many extras. St ~O plu. 
uhl E"co<Curtls ~~4 111/26) 

RoommalO needed to Share 2BR PB apt 
5100 piUS Ulll No tObacco smokers. 
R 'meneos Guy488 .. 18:>9 Ii' 117) 

Wanted Female Roommate nonsmoker. La 
Joll8 459.0' (11 /11) 

Roommate wanted Stl0. Big room In a 3 
bedroom house. 1249 Torrey Pines Rd. L.'; . 
Call 454 ·21)73. (t t 119) 

Roommate wanted in beautiful Del Mar apt. 
Panoram ic ocean view. Call Rich or Rob 755· 
7396 . (11 It 1) 

Housemate needed Dec 15. Own Room . V, 
ml to UCSo. 5t 10. Preler nonsmoker over 
;'1 Call Barbara 452-0379. (t 1/21 ) 

Housemate wanted Pacili c Beach. Own 
room $tOO Couple okay but 5'50. n~668 
Ron nIghts (t 1 /:>1) 

FOR SALE .. Turquo ise Jewelry at 
WHOLESALE Prices. Call 453-5671. ask 10< 
Fred Excellent work I (1 t /11, 

69 F,at I ~4 Spider. new top. under 40.000 
miles. ou tstanding cond it ion. private par1y 
51895 453-6879. It. 117) 

Xerox 1013 M,crofilm Reader. appro. 575 
Call 45 ~·4 ;'97 (11 /11) 

VWI9f)g F aslback. only 40.000 mi les. greal 
COnd $1400 45~.a.41 . keep try ing. (11/19' 

Turntable BSA 610 w /Shure M93E Hdrollc 
Cue Ba . Oust Cover. Mont cond,llOn L,st 
SIXl S65 JefI 453-0730. (11 It 1, 
MOln GUlzi 'SOcc '10 M olChanlcally perfect 
bUI needs seal cover. $87~ 0< best oller 453-
7'3' evening 111 /17, 

Girrard 72B Turntable Shure 1.191 ed Car-
tndge. xlnt cond o 565. Also. Wah Wah 
Peddle. new $;>5 . Dave 755·1378. (11/17) 

Wilder Guilar Amp XlQWatts· RMS ' -17s . -
10'S Solid State Solid Sound S600 0< best. 
481 ·050? aller5. (1 t /24) 

1970 Chevy Impala Custom. Full power air 
cond . 385 engine. 51400 or best oil .... 582-
~111 111/17) 

WANTEd 
Need exira cash? PaYing top dollar for your 
US S,lver coins minted before 1965 . Ken 
453·79:'. (t 1/26, 

experIenced IYPlst needed to work nights 
Must be accurate Call '36-3741. 

WANTED Pet carrier fo< my kllten. Need by 
Dec IS so that I can bring my cat on an 
."plane. Call 753·54SO weekdays before 5 
pm. ask fo< Leslie. (1 t 12t) 

WANTED : SkIS 171).175 CM. Womens boots 
sIZe 8-8 11,. Call 447-1753 and ask lor Sarah. 
111 1?4) 

Relrogeralo< .. Bar. Dorm type w lFreezer 
com partment. Trade larger unll or buy. (CA 
540' '59·8586 /8475. (11 /17) 

Wanl to buy . perlect used Electric 
Typewnter or will Irade perfect Manual 
OlympIa plus S. Marge Banlett • X«J3? or 
468·0055 . "t Ill) 

• SERVICES 
People mover5- Moving advice and 
.... slance Very reasonable. Call Jefl 2n. 
J078. (11/;>6) 

THE WOOO DOVE·A gourmet Natural Food. 
ResulIJr.n!. recenlly Opened in Solana 
Beach. 150 Acacia (Next 10 Another 8 lrd' . 
Open t I - II Dinner (rom 5 .. 10. Special oft,, · 

~'ull Smoolhl • . 45 cent • • Oct . IS .. Nov. 15. 
Toll56·58 ' O 

Collegiate reo.ltCh alds·thouMnd8 on ' ile. 
Send $1 for YOIA' IE() pao- mal lOI'll. catalog . 
Research A.slstanee. It 322 Id."o A .. 11206 
losAngelesCA 90025. 213-.n·a. l • . (1/ t9) 

Maybe lecture /lDtes ... n·t IOf you. but II 
you're I"ad 0' .pendlng 10 much t im. 
cr.mming. maybe Ihey are lor you. Sold 1.1 -
Th 11 ·()().t :OO Revelle Ouad. Get all back 
Issuea ("/17, 

Explore Old master draWIng & painting . 
Learn how to prepare your own surfaces & 
pain ts. BIll 436-0109. (11/24) 

Are you adopted? Seeki ng natural parents? 
2:P-65100<P 0 332n SD92103. 11 /7) 

TYPIst - IBM lerm paper / thesis /disser .. 
lallons /etc. Ediling/rush jobs/Xerox. 561). 
8171 (11 I?O) 

II you have a term paper. diSSer1ation. 
manuscript . etc. that needs to be typed 0< 
typeset ICamera-ready,1 can do iI . Call Sher 
·'19·14'8Clairemont. (11/26) 

Tender loving care for your child . my North 
Clalremont home. Rel ... ence available. 270-
9385. 11 1 /19) 

Personalized Christmas cards : wide 
selection from very contemporary to very 
tradilional . Ord ... belore Thanksgiving & 
save 15%. C.II & save bo lh S & foolwo<k . 
111 / 19) 

Typing - 55 cenls /PG. Term papers. reports. 
misc. correc ted . IBM Selec triC. Call Bee 
153·7356 Please clip ad (It /21 ) 

TennIS lessons - students rates to 57.50/hr. 
Steve Bassett IUSPTA) 459·3755 . (l1 / t l) 

Blues Harmonica lessons. 27;t~8532. 

SSW Travel Ofllce . UCSD International 
Center. XMAS NY Ch.". r VIllI : MlIlatzan 
camping St 39 ; Cent. Am"lca 3 -'ts 
:0479 .. Inft Student 10 . Summer Europe 
Chaners .... 45?-0630. 11 am · 4 pm. Mon. 
Wed. Frl only. ( t ll~) 
Europe. Israel. Orient . NY TGA low-cost 
flIghts AIS! t436 S. LaClenega 8 1. L A . 
90035 7t4 -544·9333 or ;~3-66?·7n7 . 
lit 1;06' 

Need ride to and/or I rom UCSB Nov 2? & 23. 
Will sh ..... pen .... and driving. Call Calh, 

4~3-81 ;·3. 111 /t9) 

Need ride? LOIIVIng F" Nov 2t l or Sin 
BernardIno Valley ar .. Call Kathy 778· 11 06 . 
K""p trying 111 /11) 

lOST 6 fooNd 
Lost Monday . TurquoiselSilver Arrow 
Broach. Very valuable to me. Please bring 10 
Sundry Store. (11 /17) 

WATCH LOSTI LEFT UCSD Tennis Court7 nr 
8 Tuesday November t 1 between 1 and 9 45 
pm Call45?-~72~. Reward. (11 /17) 

Los!. Yellow met.1 slide rule . brwn leather 
case. Cash reward. 452-9187. CharlIe 
111 117, 

Found Broken r ing in USB 27?? bathroom. 
It (14 Call at night. 45~401 . (1 t It 7) 

LoSI T I. SA·SOA Calculator in MC tOI Tues 
Reward. I have serial no. leave mess for 
M urphat 488-4802. It t /17' 

Found ~ ooe sm. pr B inoculars.. Describe 
them and they are yours. '88-6175. (t 1117) 

II you are the guy I gave a ride to 11 13. your 
Chem notebook Is at lhe TT Olc. (It It 1) 

LOSI Lecture notes -Just a Taste W ll1 00". 
need them. Reward. Chart ie. 452·9187 
" t i t', 

A len. Igresslve. ..arm h .. rted, penllvel1 
analytical. uOO.'enol.. Iemal. deSlr85 
relationship wl1h "",Ie 0' s_ qualities 
B""" 755·0941 or write ' 1 Xl79 CamlnllO 
del ROClo. Del loll ... Calif. It I I t9) 

Cum ;.. ski m, AI_. Meat someone or 
.. .. I!<ok. off! ( t t /17) 

Drtp-Thou hast laken the name of 1hy Phyurg 
In vain · Thou shalt I)IIY The primary 01· 
lended OM8 (I t 111) 

"ooday, November 17, 1175 
• 

•• _ ....... 1 ... .,.. 

$1 a month buys all 
the bank you need. 

Thf£ College Plan" 
o Unlimited checkwriting 
o No minimum balance 
o Only $1 a month 

o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 
o 

(free during 'summer) 
Low-cost personalized checks 
Overdraft protection * 
Monthly Timesaver R Statements 
BankAmericard R * 
Educational loans 
Personal savings account 
Individual counseling from 
Student Representatives 
• Available on ly to qualified students of 
sophomore standing or higher. 

I 

Depend on us. More 
California ,college stUdents do. m 

",.p'(o--:: •• \ 
C';' .. 

...... " 

........ 

.. . .. \ 

1 :)/ 

BANKoF AMERICA 

Y~ur Bank of America Student Relations Officer, Jim Cun. 
nlngham, wi~1 be in the bookstore from November 17 
through ~ovember 21 to provide information on The Col. 
lege Plan and answer questions on student BankAmericard.R 

Jim will be at the bookstore from 
10:00 am to 3:00 pm on these dates . 

unlvrRSiTY 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS 
EXTENSION 3740 



Paptwelft 

CAPEi.~ 

CAPE has announced that it has 
been unable to contact several 
professors to set up an evaluation 
appointment for their classes. If 
either professor or students in-
volved bave an interest in seeing 
the class evaluated this quarter, 
contact the CAPE office at Lower 
Muir Commons. 

The foUowing professors have 
not been contacted : Hecht-
Communications 186; D.M. 
Dryden-Drama 152,153; Jameson-
LiVGen 152; Nave~LiVHeb 1, 10; 
Blanro-LiVSp 25, 130; GUillen-
LitlSp 103; Haff-Math 4C; 
Fillmore-Math 5A; Druian-Music 
36, 13IA; Chase-Mwlic 40; FarreU-
Music lOlA; Phil-Scales llOA, 170; 
and Doug1as-Soc 121. 

. Med School Seminar 

Both lower division and upper 
division students interested in 
medicine or the health field will 
have the opportunity to learn about 
the admission process for graduate 
schools this Wednesday and 
Thursday at a pre-med/allied 
health seminar at 8 pm in the 
Revelle Cafeteria. 

Wednesday 's session is 
primarily for freshmen and 
sophomores interested in the 
Health field and also for those 
seeking possible career in-
formation. Thursday those 
students attending the seminar will 
hear about application procedures 
and interviewing techniques. 

Speakers for the two-day 
seminar are : Jean Parks, pre-med 
advisor; Tom Bond, UCSD 
chemist ry professor; Percy 
Russell, Professor of Biology at the 
Medical School; Judy Blick , 
Assistant to the Dean of 
Admissions; Harvey Selverton, 
health sciences advisor and 
Laybon Jones, second year UCSD 
medical student. 

The all-campus event is being 
sponsored by the Revelle Resident 
Dean's Office. 

Education Aboard 

The University of California 
Education Abroad Program 
(EAP) now has supplemental 
funds from the US State Depart-
ment for direct grants for nllnority 
and financially disadvantaged 
students, who satisfy the academic 
requirements, to study and live 
abroad for a year in one of the 
seventeen study centers around the 
world. 

First to receive this fina ncial aid 
will be EAP participants involved 
with the program since January, 
1975. 

Cults .•• 

Working with the EAP Office in 
the International Center, and in 

conjun~on with counterparta on 
other UC campuses, a San Diego 
campus committee has been 
fonned which consists of minority 
students who are EAP returnees. 
The committee's functions are the 
counseling, recruitment and 
orientation of minority and 
financiaUy disadvantaged students 
interested in the program, with ~ 
hope of making information more 
accessible to all students whose 
primary drawback is financial aid. 

All freshmen and sophomore 
students who are interested in 
obtaining information on the 
program its requirements and on 
individual study centers should 
contact Phyllis Quan at MC 402. 

Travel Notes 

Student centers are now open in 
New York and San Francisco of-
fering discount accomodations to 
students. 

The New York Student Center is 
located in Hotel McAlpin with rates 
at $7.50 per person, double oc-
cupancy. Located at Hotel 
Stratford, the San Francisco 
Student Center offers rates of $6.00 
per person, double occupancy. 
Reservations are not generally 
required. A Los Angeles Student 
Center will be opening during the 
summer months. 

• • • 

A camping trip to Mazatian, 
Mexico's beach resort just across 
the Tropic of Cancer, has space 
available to UC San Diego mem-
bers for departures December 13 
and 26. Each trip lasts ten days. 
Transportation by 14 passenger 
Dodge vans will allow space 
flexibility . Included in the $139 
pl'ice is a bilingual driver-guide, 
insurance, camping equipment, 
campsite fees and tourist card. 
Travelers supply sleeping bags, 
personal sundries and a 
"cooperative attitude for cooking 
and cleanup. It 

• • • 

Openings are still available for a 
three week winter program to 
Central America. Included in its 
$479 price is airfare and other 
transportation expenses, 21 nights 
at hotels to be selected by the 
traveller and a one night layover in 
Mexico City including hote\. This 
is a do-it-your-self program and is 
recommended only for the ex-
perienced traveler. 

For details on the above 
programs, contact the Student 
S rvices West Travel office in the 
UCSO International Center. 

physically oriented, such as the various types of Eastern martial arts and 
other clubs promoting a special type of exercise or recreational activity. 
There are also innumerable crafts courses and art related hobbies in 
which one can obtain instruction. 

The issue hich concerns me, is that many of these cults promote an 
ideology a 3 \fell as the special tecnique or skill that they offer. To live in 
our society is to be beset by this vast collection of cults and to decide 
which one IS or is not valid for a given person. This situation is becoming 
increasinr;ly difficult to bear, especially for the objectivist who wishes to 
guard his .1eutrality and not be fettered by the bias of a particular cult. 

Almost every day, each one of us is accosted, either through ad-
vertising or personal encounter Ly a cult. Decisions have to be made 
concernir g personal endorsement. Often it is not easy to keep abreast of 
the latest fa s about each cult's belief in order to decide intelligently. 

A particull1rly difficult movement to be knowledgeable about is the 
natural f(lods trend. Since the field of nutrition has not yet approached the 
level of an exact science there are no final answers as to what foods we 
should in est to become immortal. Yet, I continuaJly find that I have to 
justify to others why I am eating a certain food. Certain members of the 
natural foods and ethical eater's society believe that somehow they in-
trinsically know that a certain food is good or bad. I find it most annoying 
to have to ponder the long term implications of each bite that I take. 

What I am trying to say is that almost every cult has severe deficien-
cies in the certainty and logical exactness of their ideology. The true 
op n-minded soul cannot wholeheartedly endorse a particular cult 
without becoming omewhat of a closed closet. 

Therefore the best thing for us to do is to weigh, judge, gather and 
examin data , but never, oh never, join a cult (seriously). 

ED MOCZYDLOWSKI 

Lunch ••. 
layoffs due to ~ction in freeway construction. 
They wore black armbands and questioned Brown 
about those cutbacks. 

"Doesn't that bother your conscience?" they asked 
him. 

"AU government bothers my conscience," the 
governor replied, bringing down the house. 

Then getting serious, Brown reflected his brand of 
reality. "The fact is the work is not there .. .In our 
society, I think, we have reached the peak of ability to 
move from one place to another ... The problem is, 
what do we find when we get there, from point A to 
point B? There are problems of education, health, 
employment and lots of other areas more important 
than transportation." . 

!:Srown was also asked about his past statements on 
reduced standard of living. 

"I don't know if you noticed or not but your stan-
dard of living was reduced this year. Look at your 
grocery bill and utility bill. In fact, the only thing that 
didn't go up was state taxes, I want you to know." 

Someone asked about the limit Brown placed on 
state aid to adult education. 

Brown replied that had saved $156 million this year, 
that could be used on other projects. To meet all 
education demands would require a doubling of the 
state income tax. 

It always came back to money. To save money, to 
keep taxes down, some things must go. Those are the 
requirements of any priority reordering. 

It appears Brown realizes that, unlike many 
politicians 

Jerry Brown's appeal may not be so paradoxical 
after all. 

But he also showed a style that is completely unlike 
the stereo-type politician. l"or one wmg, his hair 
never stays in place. It is always flopping in his face. 

Gerald Ford would never stand for that. 
He is mischievous, reminding observers of a sprite 

whose chief pleasure in life is bedeviling stuffy 

Mo." Neveaaber17, 

people. He bas shown that at UC RegelU meeting 
and press conferences. 

He showed it Friday with some of the are 
politicians, notably state Senator Jim Mills an 
Supervisor Jim Bates. When be was asked question' 
about local issues he would tum to one of them an 
say "Here's Jim MiUs, why don't you ask him?" 

It W88 thiI mischievous quaUty, tbis flair for th 
unexpected, that deUgbted the admittedly pro-Bro 
audience Friday, and has doubtless contributed to 
amazingly high popularity ratings he has received. 

Dinner ••• 
harder to imprpve govenunent." 

Brown emphasized more than once that whil 
people tend to personify leadership, that governmer ' 
is not a one-person show. He said that "people mWI 
recognize' the common purpose that puUs u 
together." That purpose, he explained, "is protectin 
the country for our children. " 

In an evening that played heavlly on partisa 
polities, Brown made few partisan jibes. He did 
to the Governor's Mansion a favorite topic of hi~ 
Brown said he had no use for the masion, and joke 
about "using it as a halfway house ... or inviting m .. 
friends to camp there." 

U. Gov. Mervyn DymaUy, a surprise guest at th 
banquet, made a speech preceding Brown's. Dymall 
praised Brown's appoinbnents of minorities an 
women to the courts. 

" Gov. Brown has achieved equality in the crimin: 
justice system, filling in the gap of minorities an, 
women who have been excluded from the judiciary, 
Oymally said. . 

Many local legislators attended the banqu(. 
honoring Senator MiUs' 15th year in the State Senato 
Congressman Lionel Van Deerlin (D-Sari Dieg< 
toastmaster for the evenign, described Mills ~ 
" more than a senator; he's a teacher who has taugl 
us considerably about honesty. in government." 

GaDle of 
Week ••• -

GSU Letter ... 
of Tony Jelinek and Al Johnson put 
together an effort deserving of a 12-
10 game one victory. 

Off to an early 2-0 lead, the TBAs 
encountered trouble as the No 
Names, aided by the hot hand of 
Cole Francis, went on a 7-1 scoring 
spree to take the upper hand in the 
game, 7-3. TBAs Newlee and 
Jolinek quickly countered with two 
field goals apiece to tie the score at 

. 7-7. Johnson then scored the go 
ahead goal for the TBAs, only to 
have Erzinger and Francis score 
again. With the score evened at 10 
apiece, TBAs Newlee sank two 
consecutive jumpers to close out 
the game at 12-10. 

At the start of game two, Greg 
Holms substituted for TBAs 
Jelinek who jammed his fingers 
near the end of the play in the 
opening victory. Commencing play 
without the services of Jelinek, 
who had grabbed the bulk of the 
team's rebounds, the No Names 
clearly had an advantage on the 
boards. Capitalizing on TBAs 
weakness the No Names 
dominated the game, leading up to 
a 12-2 victory. 

As game three rolled by, Holms 
had tried to the point where he had 
to be replaced, the Terry London 
substituted in an effort to offset the 
No Names' rebounding strength. 

In the tightly contested game in 
which the lead exchanged hands 
three times before the score was 
evened at four apiece, neither 
team had the early advantage. 

With the score 4-4, Erzinger and 
Francis combined for six goals to 
nearly ice the game at 10-5. TBA 
stubbornly hung on, closing the gap 
to 10-8 as each of their players 
scored a goal. It was not enough 
however, as Dave Merz soon 
scored making it 11-8. Francis took 
an inbound pass from Erzinger for 
a lay-in bring it all to an end. 

Captain Erzinger, crediting the 
victory to a team effort, hopes to 
lead his team into the playoffs with 
a win in the final game of the 
season this week. 

The Putnam exam - a challenging 
mathematical competition - will be 
held fhis year on December 6. If 
Interested please contact l. A . 
Campbell at X2625 or in APM 7230. 

it's clear that one of the most 
pressing needs of undergraduates 
right now is to win for themselves a 
rational and workable studenVT A 
ratio. This is what makes un-
dergraduates and the GSU allies in 
the current conflict. 

Soto's attack, moreover, on the 
effectiveness of graduate student 
T A's in teaching undergraduates 
are unduly harsh. Most un-
dergraduates have a genuine 
appreciation of how central T A 
instruction is to their ability to 
master material in large lecture 
courses. But the elements of truth 
in Soto's attacks do serve im-
portantly to underscore the need 
for undergraduates to forcefully 
assert their educational rights. 
Undergraduates should be 
organizing - and I'm confident that 
the GSU would support them in this 
-- in order to have the ad-
ministration institute such things 

as mandatory T A Trainin 
Programs to make gradual 
students better teachers a n 
obligatory review of gradual 
students' and faculty member. 
teaching performances by ur 
dergraduate commit'tees cor 
cerned with quality teaching. 

But in order to have un 
dergraduate review boards fo 
quality teaching, there must fil's 
be teachers to review. Thus, it' 
absolutely incumbent upon UI 
dergraduates to support the GSU' 
drive to put more teachers i 
undergraduate classrooms. Ani 
then together - undergraduate an 
graduate students, and eve 
faculty - we can all make moves i 
concert. to insure the maintenanc 
and improvement of quali t. 
education at UCSD. 

TOM LEW! 
GSUMEMBEF 

Introducing 
Schlitz Light 

Beer. 

One third fewer calories than our recular beer, 
but an the tute you'd expect from Schlitz. 

It took ~blltz to bring 
the taste to llgbt. 


