
News Analysis 
Brueckner: 
Just One 
Of Many 

by John H. Taylor 
Edilor-in-chief 

Dissatisfaction with teaching 
fe lt by students at large 
universities, expecially in often 
bloated lower division courses, 
is becoming more and more 
common in American 
ed ucation. 

And UC San Diego may_ feel 
the crunch even more, for two 

From Top: Keith Brueckner, 
Donald E. Strebel, Pat Ledden 
rea" n: UCSD i a young, 
cam pu where the practicalitie 
of sometime. innovative 
educational thin.king have yet to 
be completely worked out in all 
cases . Also, the carcity of 
rC\ource i felt more acutely 
here , becau e we are a~ampus 
for which groWl h is still a 
natu ral thing. 

Clearly, the problem is Ie s 
Oftcn a given in tructor's lack 
of competence in his field or a 
\\illful deSI re to teach badly 
tl.1an il i a convergence of 
Circum tance that force a 

l~ac her into an unfair 
predicament where he even-
~ ua lly i labelled a t~ought Ie s, 
Incompe tent teacher . 
. Of course, the ituation i not 
Il11proved by profes ors who 

'Ileglect their dutie , often by 
\r>reading them elve to thin , 
profe. ionally. 

But in too many uch 
"it uations it i ea y to con-

~n.trate on a particular in-
diVid ual, blaming him for all 

th~t l11a be wrong with the 
\Y~tel11 he "ork. within. 
, . rhi\ may ha e been the ca 'c 

I \\I\h the .furor ovcr ph ~ics 
r>rofe~., r Kcit h Bruce\.. ner'~ 
PC lorl1la nce a~ the instruct r in 

('un tinued on Pa~e It 

PUC Decision Hits UCSD 
by Mark Stadler 

News Editor 

The recent Public Utilities 
Commission decision to 
restructure Cali fornia utility 
rates by rewarding energy 
conservation will hit UC San 
Diego hard, according to the 
campus Manager of Con-
struction and Utilities. 

Jim Burfield said Monday 
that since UCSD is "a major 
user, it's going to cost us 
between 10 and IS percent 
more ." 

Burfield said he would not 
have exact figures until later this 
week. 

Union last week. 
"The average homeowner has 

no increase in this case. It may 
be three to five years before he 
will have to pay more for gas 
and electricity," he said . 

Batinovich noted that earlier 
this year SDG&E was awarded a 
large rate increase to replace 
revenue lost when its customers 
reduced energy use during the 
Arab oil embargo. 

"That was a fine way to 
reward energy conservation," 
he observed. 

The Commissioner credited 
the San Diego Energy 
Coalition, a local organization 
formed to battle SDG&E energy 

Conlinued on Page II 

Adult Education 'Lags 
in State, Says Report 

There is a significant gap 
between the current educational 
needs of adults and the op-
portunities available to them 
according to the 17: 
recommendation report 
released this week by the 
Post secon dary Alternative 
Study. 

The report, originally 
commissioned by the California 
Legislature's Joint Committee 
on Postsecondary Education, 
recommends reforms in existing 
institution, creation of new 
educational serv ices and 

establishment of a new in-
stitution to guat;antee the 
availability of these new ser-
vices. 

. The study was conducted by a 
mne person research team 
headed by Richard Peterson of 
the Educational Testing Service 
in Berkeley. 

The rate restructure was 
indicated last week when the 
PUC cut $77.8 million from a 
proposed $105 million San 
Diego Gas & Electric increase. 

UCSD Enrollment Hits 9627 

The study'S analytical proces 
contrasted needs with existing 
educational resources. Adult 
educational needs were 
measured in three ways: 
demand indicated by 
enrollments, individual's ex-
pressed intere t and projection 
of future ocietal requirement . 

The entire cost of the A total of 9,627 un -
remaining $27.2 million will be dergraduate, graduate and 
borne by major energy users : medical students are enrolled 
UCSD, according to William this fall at UC San Diego ac-
Pettus, campus Energy Con- cording. to the final registration 
servation Coordinator, is in that report released this week by 
catagory. Ronald J . Bowker, registrar and 

Big Users Paid Less admissions officer. 
In past years, electricity has The total is an increase of 752 

been sold to major users at far tudents over the number of-
less expensive prices than to ficially enrolled during the 1974 
families using small amounts. fall quarter. Most of the in-

By changing the gas and crease is at the undergraduate 
electric rate structure the PUC level. 
has decided to make con- According to Robert W. 
servation pay, state PUC tarkey, UCSD analytical 
Commissioner Robert tudies officer, fall enrollment 
Bat}novich tol~ the San Diego is about 300 students more than 

UCSF Students to Study Here 
Under a joint program starting th-i month, tudent from the U 

San Franci co School of Pharmacy will study clinical pharmacy at 
the UC San Diego School of Medicine. 

The program make the UCSD School of Medicine the only 
ho pital in the UC y tem be ide U F to have a clinical phar-
macy program. 

According to Dr. David Adler, program director, the rea~on ' for 
establishing the program was the fact that University Ho,>pital 
recently initiated a ~atellite pharmacy y tem, one of the fe\\ on the 
West oast to integrate a unit drug dose dist ribution y'>tcm and 
extended roles for pharmacists in patient therapy. 

Adler also . aid the program wa. taned because of the ,>uppon it 
recei ed from the pharmac ~taf" at University Ho,>pitul and the 
U D hool of Medicine. 

In addit ion to hi~ jobs as director of the new program and vice-
chairman of clinical pharmacy at SF, dler wa5 recently ap-
pointed as a sis tant director of Pharmacy Service_ at niver~ity 
Ho. pita\. 

Dr . John Moxley, dean of the U D School of Medicine and R. 
Jere Goyan, dean of the U F chool of Pharmacy developed the 
inter-campus program. 

"Not on ly wi ll the program benefit pharmacy tudent " said 
Mo Icy, "but it will provide our medical tudent an opportunity to 
learn to work with other health profe sionals in an effecti e team 
relation ' hip. " 

campus officials had planned 
for one year ago, but the 
situation has little affect on 
UCSD's long-range growth 
schedule . 

"We'll ju t grow a little 
slower in the next few years. 
We're still cheduled to reach a 
steady state enrollment of 8,000 
undergraduate and 2,000 
graduate students by 1978," 
Starkey said. 

Official registration figures 
are gathered by the regi trar at 
the end of the third week of 
classes for submission to UC 
President David Saxon. The 
report includes the number of 
lower division and upper 
di i ion under raduaLe students 
plus all graduate students in-
eluding tho e in the cripp 
Institution of Oceanography 
and School .of Medicine and 
other health professionals. 

The report Ii t 7,596 un-
dergraduates, 664 more than 
last year, with 2,472 enrolled in 
Re elle College, 3',033 in John 
Muir College, 1,219 in Third 
Coll ege and 872 in Fourt h 

ollege. 
According to the report, the 

chool of Medicine enrolled 6 7 
t udent , up 63 from last ear. 

The figure inelude 319 MD 
candidate and 368 intern and 
resident. 

'New programs for allied 
health profe ionals and nur e 
pract itioner enrolled 32 and 31 
tudent re pectively . 

The Graduat e Di vi ion 
enrolled 1,344 student , i n-
eluding 190 at ripp, up 25 
from last year' enrollment. 

New Magazine Launches Local Talent 
by James G. oto 

City Editor 
"Tugboat" was born last 

eptember on a boat ride 
around San Diego Bay. 

"Tugboat" is the name of 
San Diego' s fir t in -
terdi ciplinary community 
magazine. The publicati n wa 
innaugurated la t ptember 
by a gala event held at a 
alvage company al ng an 

Diego ' waterfront. The 
cclebration was attended by 
the mayor and some of San 
Diego' known cultural 
per. onalitie . 

Thc editor of the 
publication, poet Arthur 

rick, aid the publication will 
emphasize an interdi ciplinary 
approach 10 contemporary 
thought. By printing original ' 
piece of literature, art, 
science, mu ie, and 
phil ph, Frick hope t 

even Major Needs 
By this method, the Study 

came . up with seven major 
educational need of California 
adults including: 

--Help to individuals in 
locating per onally relevant 
educational opportunitie ; 

-- quity for part-time 
students in state and in-
titutional policie, including 

fee, location and chedules; 
--Additional off-campus or 

"external" upper-division and 
graduate programs; 

--Certi fication of academic 
and occupational competence 
based on job experience, in-
dependent tudy or experience 
other than formal in truction. 

Three ew ervice 
The report call. for the 

creation of three new 
educational ervice , including a 
statewide network of 
" ducational ervice Center," 
establi~hment of additional 
"individualiad learnin g 
program" and the awarding of 
academic credit and degree for 
• :demonst rated kno\\ ledge and 
kill" beyond college at-

tendance. 
Cllnlinucd on Pagc 8 

Erratum 
Because of a printer' error, 

a Page 1 headline in Monda~ , 
Triton Time ' reporled Ihat th e 
UC Regent reque 'Ied 600 
from the tate of California. 
The proper figure $660 
million, . 

The Triton Time regret 
thi error. 

pro vi a plat form of e-
chan lor these di erse field 

,'u"linued on Pa c 8' 
c.lelNftle. tit TUGIOAT I ........ .,..,...on: Editor A.thur Frick, s.n Diego Mayor 'ete Wilson 
and Long-T1tn. COllllllunity Acti,i.t Y,on .. e Schuhz. 



Paaetwo f rlf4MI.II1J(~ 
the Ed· or 

elective Publication of 
ijeport Constitutes Bias 

Last spring the Trito-:t Times 
gave full coverage to the 
dissatisfaction of students in 
Science 48. given by Professor 
Keith Brueckner in the winter 
quarter of 1975. which finally 
resulted in a report submitted to 
the Chancellor by a committee 
appointed by him. 

It is entirely unfair and biased 
to now have one of the parties 
mentioned in this report publish 
only those sections of the report 
which are in support of one 
point of view. while at the same 
time suppressing those passages 
which are far from com-

. 

plimentary to Mr. Strebel and 
his activities. A responsible 
newspapel should either publish 
full reports or an objective 
evaluation by a disinterested 
third party. 

I:JERNDT. MATTHIAS 
PROFESSOR PHYSICS 

Good News from a 
Future Incarnation 

Dear Dr. Urey and Co- igner • 
This time around I might 

catch schizophrenia, but why 
complain? In one of my other 
incarnations I ~accused the 
Church of having nothin& to say 
10 t he laws of physIcs. ([ 
thought it was the least I could 
do for my good friend, Galileo.) 
Anyway, that incarnation ended 
shortly thereafter ... something 
about being heretic . My dog 
and I weren't sure on that, but 
the dog outlived me. 

Ye terday, when [ was t ime-
traveling, I told Galileo about 
the 185 prestigious scientists 
who had nothing to say to 
astrology. I also mentioned 
your comment as reponed in 
the Triton Times. The rascal 
ju t laughed. then split his sides 
when I told him I'd be writing 
this leller. "Anyone who's a 
heretic i worthy of being a 
charlatan as well ," he said. 

Then old Galileo, who never 
won a Nobel Prize, told me 
about one of his other in-

carnations-- as a housewife 
named Kokoru. living in 
Hiroshima. Seems that two of 
her friends, a tea-leaf reader 
and an a trologist, u ed to carry 
on nonsen ical arguments over 
the exact nature of mysticism . 
These quarrels may till be 
raging. One day the friends 
both packed in a hurry, taking 
Kokoru's dog with them to 
another island. They were 
unable to persuade Kokom. 
who was an avid reader of 
journal articles and non-

worshipper at the Temple. Her 
dog, having temporarily 
escaped the scientists' public 
pol icy, outlived her. 

And so, Dr . Urey and Co· 
signers, I'm happy 10 report 
that in an even more 
enlightened century-- you would 
call it the future-- I was in-
carnated not as a lunatic, a 
heretic, nor even a charlatan. 
but a. a human being. [ also 
outlivcd my dog. 

High Praise for# Low Blows 
I would like to take a few 

moments to compliment 
Edward Simons on a most 
eloquent article which appeared 
in the Triton Times, Ottober 
15 . 

The article, "Low Blows and 
Cheap Shots," timulated my 
Ihinking on this most co n-
troversial subject. I think that 

Ihe many people who received, 
in my opinion, the very slurred 
viewpoint pre ellled by the CBS 
program, "The Guns of 
Autumn", shou ld remember 
t hat not all ports hunt i ng is 
conducted in uch a manner. 
Then they hould read Simon' 
article before si lting down to rip 
into that juicy steak for dinner. 

JOE V. JULIANO 

GSU Guarantees Nothing, Says Writer 
So; the Graduate Students 

Union (GSU) is satisfied with 
the "philosophical, moral, and 
economic" bases of their 
demands. I, for one, am not 
satisfied. 

The philosophical basis for 
the GSU demands is clear. It is 
the more-dollars philosophy. 
And I have nothing against that 
philosophy, so long as the 
dollars sought are paymeOl for 
good work done. or for par-
ticular innovation. 

The union is demanding a lot, 
and it is not offering anything in 
return. 

Respectable guilds and trade 
unions often guarantee a certain 
~uality in workmanship. They 
hmit their membership to 

journeyman-level craftsmen 
with recognized ability. They 
weed out the no-counts who 
besmirch the union reputation. 

The GSU guarantees nothing. 
Except strikes. Their morality 

says nothing of excellence, only 
"gimme." They assert that a 
man who is in need should not 
be required to produce anything 
of any particular value -- he 
deserves to take what he wants 
by threat of st rike. 

The economic policy of the 
GSU is wanting . In spite of 
rumors, Chancellor McElroy 
does not print his own money. 
He has to put his ability and his 
reputation on the line to 
maintain the excetlence of this 

university. 
He offers quality as a claim to 

funds, not poor-mouthing. 
And even then, he doesn't 
always win. Money is not 
guaranteed to McElroy, for 
random distribution to pet 
projects. 

GSU money demands might 
be moderated if they took note 
of three realities: 

First. I1,rad students' subsidies 
come largely from undergrad 
tuition and state taxation. 
Increasing these subsidies can 
only divert funds from other 
school services, raise undergrad 
tuition rates, or both. 

California state government 
is not in the mood for handing 
out free money . 

The Triton Times os recognozed by the Communications Boord of UCSD as the 
official student newspaper Pubtication is on Mondays, Wednesdays and 
Fridays durong the regular schoot yeor (except on offociot hotidays). Editariat 
and business offices ore tocated in 117 Btake Hall on the Revelle College 
campus, University of Calofornia, Son Diego. 

Second, grad students are 
fortunate to have TA positions 
available. Some schools do not 
have TAs at all, but hire 
I'rofessional instructors. These 
colleges believe in providing 
full-time teachers for un-
dergrads, instead of half-time 
students . 

letlers 00 the Editor and opinion cotumns are welcomed. All submissions 
should be typed on a 74 ·spoce lone on nO'lerasable poper. They shoutd not 
e.ceed three poges in tength double.spoced. The Triton Times reserves the' 
t igh' to edit submiSSions because of space limitations or style requirements . Paid in tructors have job 

for editorial, call 452·3466; for bu.iness and display advert isements. call 
452·3-468. Continued on Page 3 

• rih)l' • i n1(~ 
UC San Diego Slaff writers Special writers 

Ran Anbar harles Heimler 
John H. Taylor Pierre Bedard Greg Hicks 
Edltor-ln-cllief Barry Bovshow dward Simons 

Mart Woelbe, JamCfl G SItte Bet sy Chiment Business Brian Davis Theresa Bish ManagiDg editor . City editor Robin DeRieux Lauren Davis 
Mark Stadlel ADDe Liebler 

Steve Esmedina Kathy Monroe 
News editor Copy editor 

Cathy Fitzmaurice Doug Mooney 
Karen Jerahian Damien Moore 

Ron Kato Kenzie Nicoll Craig.Uchida Rick Rodewald Frank Kazer~ki Pholog~ap;,y Editorial direcror BusiDeu Manager Margaret Krueger 
Tim MacKenzie Charle u 

Sara J. Lowen DanlelSbawler P~yche Pascual Paul Jarvis 
Community edjtor Arts editor Alan Ru !>sell Nathan Mcyer 

Scott adils Distributiun 
Dave Eis n Tad perry Bob Steincr Bill Wilson 

Sports editor Photo eclit.,r Ken tipanov 
Cary Thompson Productiun 

WeodyEagle Paul Wagner haunu toke~ 
Office maoager Rachel Zinn Kri~tin Wcbb 

/ 

Wednesday. October 22.1975 

IRB 
Simon Says 

It is past three-thirty but Bill Simon, the Secretary of- the 
Treasury hasn't arrived yet. It is Room 4121, Main Treasury, a 
large chamber, where Secretaries have been meeting people stOce 
1842: wall-to-wall carpeting and wood panels:with to mikes set up 
on the lectern. The)' didn't have mikes in Andrew Mellon'S time, 
nor George Magoffm Humphrey's, either, that cold January day in 
1957 when the strong willed, ebullient, former board chairman of 
M.A. Hanna, burst out against the Eisenhower budget, one day 
before his boss delivered it to Congress. 

Yes this same room. I was here . Humphrey blew hi s top; he 
demanded tax cuts, reduced expenditures, a balanced budget, an 
end to "the terrific tax take we are taking out of this country." If 
we don't retrench "over a long period of time," he exclaimed, 

passin~ a hand over a nearly bald head, "you will have a depression 
that WIll curl your hair." 

There was awed ilence a he finished. 
I think it was May Craig who said, "Could we have the 

ste notypist read that back to us? 
"That is a good quote." 
It was a swell quote. I am thinking of it now, waiting for Simon 

to arrive and wondering if a ll conservative treasury secretaries 
brought ~uddenly into Wa hington from business, whether steel 
makers or bond sale men, don't pursue the same dream of cutting 
back expenditures, slashing taxes, lowering regulations? Humphrey 
Iried it. It was the first conservative national administration in two 
decade . . Hi s approach was imple, a national bud!,\et \yas like a 
family, budget, he thought, it had to be balanced, no mailer what. 
Here ill t his room Joe Livingston a ked Humphrey if he wouldn't 
cut laxes 10 meet a reces. ion? 

"No, I don't think so, Joe," the Secretary to ld u . ' ~ I don't think 
YOU can ~pend yourself rich." 
. Somebody asked, " Mr. Secretary, would you resign if the 
Adminislration embarked upon the deficit program you have just 
de. cribed?" 

George Magoffin Humphrey paused and replied slowly, " I think 
I would." 

The result? The Eisenhower Administration tried to reduce the 
national debt and failed; to halt inflation, and failed; to cut Federal 
~pending, and failed; to clleck centralization, and railed . All thi~, 
and stagnat ion, too; why? ? ? 

There is a little stir at the door. The lean, athletic Secrelary sleps 
bri~kly in with an attractive smile. He wear a button-down shirt , 
an expensive sui t, and the four corners of his handkerchief arc 
exposed at the breast pocket, all to exactly the sa me height as 
though measured. He i 47 and looks younger. 

They have been keeping him on the go, ever si nce Mr. Ford came 
out lVith that spectacular $28 billion tax package October 6 in 
which the cut in taxe would be offset by matching reduction in 

~pending . Mr. Ford is now giving it evel'ythinl1, he has. with a 
Truman-style attack on the "can't do Congress' for pooh-poohing 
il and he evidently intends to win conservatives away from Ronald 
Reagan on the same issue. And Simon- ? After the original Ford 
press conference he appeared to explain the fin~ points; he s\?ent 
rive hours testifying before Congress; he bnefed Republican 
congressmen. And now here he is again, in the traditional T.reasury 
conference room, answering subtly hostile questions. 

Are they hostile? Well, [ think so, for a variety of reasons. Partly 
it is the adversary relationspip between reporters and big shots, and 
partly, probably, because a lot of us don't really believe in the new 
program. And partly it's the different personality; the Humphr~y­
Simon views are remarkably alike; but the give-and-take wllh 
George Humphrey was jollier; he was an outspoken industrial!st , 
used to dealing with tough steel men, joshing with them or shoullng 
them down . Simon with his «lean-cut, high forehead. and 
evangelical manner is the intellectual; more than that the dedicated 
idealogue with a touch of conscious rectidude! of self· 
righteousness. Last week he told Congress, "We arc faCing a claSSIC 
choice between freedom and socialism," and made even 
Republicans tiller when he said there was no politics in it. 

Now he is telling us: big government, big spending, they must be 
~topped; this is t.he "most important political choice of. mv 
liretime!" The malignancy of bi g government, he say, spreads tnto 
many fields; New York City has been profligate and he implies tha t 
it must be punished. Cotton Mather, too, believed the world was 
divided bctween elect and damned and the minority could escape 
only by public recantation and maybe not then. The TV li ghts 

~park le off his horn-rimmed glasse like approaching headlight s; he 
rai,es his hands behind the pulpit ; the spread of government is "so 
insidious it' s hard 10 recognize it," he say, but when the American 
people catch on,lC?ok out!. . .. 

He i. brown haired, good looklllg, clean cut, msplrtng; he looks 
like the Professo r of Moral Philosophy at a Calvinist divinit y 
,chool, the professor Ihe girls swoon over, the one who puts .an 
agreeable whiff of brimstone into warnings . Beneath the aggressi ve 
\lyle there is a faintly discernible note, a hurt -lillie-boy tone of t~e 
kid who can't get the dumb clucks to understand. It IS that StuPIC 
American public. He complains that "the level of ~conomic. liter~ev 
is unfortunately lamelllably loW," but he IS certam they wtll swtng 
to repentance in the end . 

Questions open traps for him all around the conference room , 
inviting him to fall in. It is orehe trated journalistic team play; an 
lInsport ing Washington game that pits the peaker again t the field 
- in this case a speaker of passionate belief and uncertain toct, who 
told 20 million food stamp recipients that the program is "a well 
known haven for chislers and rip-off artists," and who told New 

Cont inued ,...o_n...:P...:a.:.:lt::.,:e_7 ________ --, 

-Editorial Cartoonist N~eded 
The Tril~n Times is looking 

I'or a savvy editorial cartoonist 
IH iIIu ·trate its opinion pages. 

The person we hire must be 
prepared to provide com-

1lI('nIlU~' on even Is that range 
!'rum a umpus to international 

"~lIll' . 
The pa y, we think . is 

utll'lIuate. 
WI' would prefer some 

Itraphic ar1s experience, but it's 
nClt nen" ·ar). Come in 10 Ihe 
ol'l'kc lind sec either Craig 
Ul'hidll, Marl. Woelbcr or John 
II. Ta~\c'r. BrinlC your w~rl., 

Calendar Correction 

The Communications Board 
of UCSD -- not the Com-
munity Board, as reported in 
Monday's WHAT'S ON-- will 
meet Friday at II am in the 
. tudent organizations con-
ference room . 

Additionally, there is a 
meeting tomorrow noon for 
the Graduate tudent ouncil, 
hot the G U . 

. 

Wednesday. October 22,1975 • rlf4M •• IIJI('S 
Brueckner .•• what the effect of the campaign has been on tht: one man who 
Muir College's Science 4B last has been made a symbol of all 
winter, according to a 12-page thal is wrong with lower 

of whom were continuing from 
4A. The indictment here i of 
Rotenberg. 

-- Brueckner was not able to 
sense that things were not going 
well in the class, and was 
therefore unable to modify his 
methods. (The anti-Brueckner 
ca":,paign did not begin until the 
sP'.'lng quarter. Apparently, 
neuher the 4B TAs, nor Donald 
Strebel, who kept an eye on the 
c1as. fr?m . the ta!t, gave him 
any indication of dtssatisfaction 
on the part of students.) 

report ubmitted by a three-man division education at UCSD. 
invest igating committee. Few people who had never 

That body - formed June 5 by heard of him before the 
Vice·chancellor for academic campaign began know of his 
arfai rs Paul Saltman after po ition as a noted scientist and 
repeated complaints about the an individual who was in-
course - has , recommended strumental in the composition 
against disciplinary action 'for of the early faculty roster of 
Brueckner. Revelle College. 

Criti~ism of Brueckner and They only know Ilim as the 
4B was more vociferous than professor who they say is a bad 
any lev~lIc:d against a UCSD teacher. 
profe sor In recent years. Let- That is why the present effort 
ters were written to the Triton by Strebel seems self-defeating. 
Times by angry students and Many have commented 
complaints were directed w the privately that he seems to want 
phys ics department chairman, blood. 

-- Brueckner was absent too 
much from class (four times 
rather than five), though the 
committee found no evidence 
that Thompson was not 
adequate ly prepared to replace 
him. Brueckner himself and Muir In a series of opinion articles 

provost John Stewart, now on for the Triton Times (see TT 
sabbatical. Oct. 13 and this Friday's issue): 

The controversy also raised he indicates that he feels his 
questions in several instances efforts, and those of the 4B 
from one of the school's most tudent who sign petitions 
emi nent physicists concerning calling for an investigation and 
the victimization of students by who wrote letters themselves, 
departmental priorities and were in vain. He hints his only 

--Exams were not properly 
supervised, although in several 
cases systems Brueck ner had set 
up broke down through the 
fault of others. 

--There was no evidence for 
the charge the grading was 
unfair (more than half of the 
class received As, while only 
five st udents flunked) . 

polit ics. satisfactiol] would be the 
Deep-rooted problems exist at UCSD that 
ham per the quality of undergrad education 

-- Brueckner was not com-
fortable with the size and nature 
of the class, leading to much of 

censure or dismissal of Keith what St rebel termed 'in-But, most importantly, as a 
resu lt of the concentration of 
attention on Science 4B the 
ad ministration is now faced 
with the conclusion, arrived at 
by the vice-chancellor's 
co mmittee, that deep-rooted 
problems exi t at UCSD that 
hJmper the quality of un-
dergraduate education. 

The Allegalions 
The principle antagonist of 

Brueckner has been Donald E. 
Slrebel, a graduate student in 
phys ics who was the head 
leaching assistant in last fall's 
Science 4A class, taught by 
Man uel Rotenberg. (Rotenberg 
wa active in the development 
of the sequence.) 

Strebel was not connected 
wi th the winter class. 

He made many allegations 
aga in~t Brueck ner, among them: 

.. tha t he failed to attend five 
of the 20 lectures of the course; 

.. tha t he did not sufficiently 
acq uaint hi replacement for 
tho elect ures, physic professor 
William Thomp on, with the 
ub,tance of the course; 

-- that he did not appear for 
half of the exams and quizzes, 
remained only for a few minutes 
for those he did attend and did 
not provide for sufficient 
su pervision; 

-·t hat he actively intimidated 
students in the course by 
making them address questions 
only after tanding and facing 
the 300 students; 

-·that the grading was not 
fair; and 

--that the lecture "were 
co ntrived to be dull, unin-
form ative and or little in-
\tructional value." 

St rebel's position was clearly 
a difficult one. Even if he had 
not wished to single out one 
teacher when so many are 
ineffec tive, there would seem to 
be no other way to force an 
In vestigation of the magnitude 
he caused. 
. Teaching is attacked all the 

lime -- every student who has 
been at UCSD more than two 
quarters can describe at least 
one badly taught course. With 
each issue of the Course and 
Pro fessor Evaluations (CAPE) 
come comments that renect 
poorly on courses and their 
I cac hers. 

But a bulky bureaucracy 
an not, and s hould not,' 
re~J)ond to every such com-
pl ~ lnt; the magnitude of such an 
effort would be unthinkable. 

, In a way, it is too bad. The 
<:1 reet that poor teaching could 
have n a ~ingle student might 
be e>.te n~ive. though the effect 
On the University as a whole 

\"1~1~ be undetectable. 
S~ Jl may be that a campaign 
a!!.alll~t one professor -- who 
might o nly' represent a et of 
\Y,tcmk tlls found in every 
department on campus -- was 

neccs~ary to produce the 
val li, ble and high-level con-
Iuslons that have been reached. 

But it is not po ~ible to say 

Brueckner. timidation .' 
But his efforts were very -- Brueck ner was "brusk" 

fruit ful -- he has obtained, from (sic) to several student during 
a comparatively prestigious office hours, but did not pursue 
committee of administrators programmed, consistent policy 
and teachers, the admission that of brusqueness, and saw at least 
there are serious problems hal f the class at one point or 
affecting education here; the another during office hours. 
conclusion that regulations Profes.~or's 'Paramount' Duties 
governing teachers have to be But the most important result 
toughened because of ap- of the entire painful process is 
parently widespread abuse of not whether the numerous 
exi ting rules and sugge tions allegations made proved out, 
for improving the continuity of but the conclUSion that uch 
equences. practice is far from rare at 

A head on a stick may not be UCSD . Many professors 
necessary . besides Brueckner have outsid'e 

The Reporl professional interests; many 
The investigative committee others have academic interests 

was made up of Tom G. Hull, and responsibilities that are not 
the assistant to Saltman, connected with UCSD . 
Patrick J . Ledden, a lecturer in And while according to UC 
mathematic and the a ociate regulations a professor's duties 
provo I at Muir, and ?n campus are "paramount," it 
philosophy department IS clear for many they are nol. 
chairman Frederick A. Olafson. The committee. therefore, 

Their research was exten ive. ca ll s ror consideration of the 
They chose students at random faculty leave procedure and for 
It is not possible to say what the effect has 
been on the one man who has been made 
a symbol of all that is wrong. 
for interview, from among formulation of new guidelines. 
both signators and nonsignators Additionally, the committee 
of the petition, most of the asks for attention "to the 
course T As, Brueckner, supervisio n of sequences like 
Rotenberg and others. They Science 4ABC" so they do not 
also examined all available "suffer from the kinds of 
co rrespondence. exam di continuity and faullY 
schedules and other material. coordinat ion that plagued 4B." 

Although a discus ion of all The sequence system, expecially 
the reasoning in the report, at Muir, has often found itself 
Strebel's complaints about it in a state of flux and change. A 
and a point-by-point analysis of call for solidification is ap-
the entire matter are not propriate. 
possible here, the committee's One factor that was not 
major findings should be listed: considered by the committee 

--That Brueckner did not waS raised by noted physicist 
lecture well was a conclusion and APIS professor Harry 
reached by most before the Booker, in lellers last spring 
commillee was formed. The Triton Times and the San Diego 
report echoes the conclusion. Union . 

But the report says that, He outlined the situation in 
according to University the physics department, where, 
regulations, unle s willful he says, professors do not fulfill 
negligence is involved action t heir duties as teachers -- he says 
against a teacher who has not t here are ome that have never 
performed well i not taught -- and who may be put in 
warranted. And there was no the po ition of filling a lot in 
evidence of such willfulness . another department that find 

(The continued quotation of it elf understaffed. 
University rules. while initiated uch was the situation with 
by Strebel, often gives the Brueckner and Science 4B. No 
report a "we know he' bad, one from the supervisory 
but there's nothing we can do department, Applied Physic 
allOut it" tone. and Informat ion Science, was 

(That tone is misleading, available to teach, so 
however, becau e it is clear the Brueckner, whose respon -
committee had more thought- si bilities exclusive of 4B ab-
rul reasons for recommending bounded, volunteered. 
against disciplinary action than Booker said what he called an 
the simple finding that a 'ct of ovemaffed phy. ics department 
complaints do not quite wa~ a "holdover" from the pre-
correspond to a set of rule, . hancellor McElroy era at 
The committee, it appears, did U D,. and callcd for a 
not want to punish Brueckner rcvamplllg of departmental 
for what i common faculty prioritic~ to end the "academi 
practice.) victill1i7ation" of un -

--The committee felt dergraduate !>t udent . 
Brueckner was not fully Keith Brueckner was ob-
prepared to teach 4B, and that iou Iy in the wrong place at the 
he was not ,.knowledgeable of wrong time, withoul a proper 
the capa~ili1te and interests o! understanding of his job in the 
the member of the cia • mo t <.:onlinued on PaKe 7 

Page three 

GSU ••• 
responsibilitie , like competence 
and proven ability. It is their 
livelP. .ood. T A do not have the 
same long term responsibility 
for performance. 

re~resent value, not quantum 
nOise. 

Third, the general economy is 
in a deep slump. Jobs are hard 
to come by, especially in the 
education industry. And so the 
question becomes: Why should 
students ~et lavish subsidies 
when qualified teachers are out 
of work? 

In . a tight money economy, 
there is no free money . Money 

Until the GSU is willing to 
guarantee standards of ex-
cellence, wake up to economic 
realities of scarcity, production, 
and value, and behave as adults 
in the realm of ideas ... they will 
remain a mob of overgrown 
teeny-buppers rJotmg lor more 
allowance. 

RICHARD STEVENS 
POLITICAL SCIENCE 

THIRD COLLEGE 

Centre Court 
Tennis Shoppe 

"In the Lemon Tree Corner" 

~ ,. " IICeIt & 11QQ!Jl'6 
facMib CIfJIHl'U!l - ~ 

10% OFF on all clothing 
with this ad. 

1049 Camino 01 Mar 481-9787 

What Roots has 
~ ea.I" patent. 

You can patenl a sote. as Earth Shoe has. 
You can copy it and sell il for less as others have 
Bul you can't paten I comfort. and quatily and beau1lful whoch 
is whal you gel in a pair of Roots ' 
Beaulifut lop grain Canadian tealher 
Beaulifut slotchong and workmanship and delail 
A sote Ihal crad tes your heet and supports your arch 
And above all . canng 
The peopte who make and sell Rools really do gove a damn 
aboul comfortabte and handsome and you. And iI shows. 
Compare us wilh Earth Shoes or Nalure Shoes or Exersoles or 

an~yand you'lI get Ihe picture. Root 
You II pay a bil more for Roots. S 
Because Rools are more. • 
Buya pair and you"lIlovethem RIoi'M ... ...... (1 •• "' • ..........., .... ,.....,.._..,_ 
for a tong time. 

SUPERB 
. FOOD-ATMOSPHERE· 

. SERVICE ·PRICE· 
35 Delicious Crepes 

Complete Dinners From $2.95 
Steak and Cr~pe $ 5.50 
FRESH FISH·TERIYAKI STEAK 

NEW YORK· STUFFED PORK CHOP.:> 
• STEAK AND LOBSTER· 

a®flGi~eflg@I 
~@AGPe~eS 
918 (?rospcct Str€ct 
I1J Jolla. Gal if.. 0303, 

!]leI. ~5'H33U 
BEERandWINE LUNCH and DINNER 

.. 



, . 

Page rour 

Van 
Symp 

urn to pen 
ony Season 

During the week of ber 
23, the San Diego SY'P.phony 
Orchestra will perform' with two 
all time greats of the keyboard; 
Van Cliburn and Arlhur 
Rubinstein. 

Cliburn opens the ' Sym-
phony's Season with a pair of 
concerts in the Civic Theatre on 
Thur day and Friday, October 
,23 and 24 at 8 pm. The 
Rubin tein concert is on 
October 31, but i already sold 
oul. Van CHllum 

Music Director Peter Eros, fresh from guest conducting 
, ucce es with the National Symphony at Kennedy Center in 
Wa hington, DC and the Tonkunsller Orche. tra in Vienna, will 
c0I1duct the orche tra for both concerts . He will lead the or-
chestra in "Till Eulenspiegel's Merry Pranks" by Ri chard 

trauss and Brahms' "First Symphony. " The orogram on 
October 23 will be dedicated 10 the late Walter Herbert, San 

D~eg? Opera General Director. . 
Cliburn will play Edward MacDowell ' s "Concerto for Piano 

and Orchestra in D minor, Op. 23." MacDowell is considered a 
romantic in the tradition of Li ZI. At the turn of the century he 
was America's foremost composer and the second American 
compo er of classical music 10 gain a reputatio':! abroad. 

The story of Cliburn's invas ion of Moscow IS well know':!. He 
immediately won the heart s of the world as well as the acclaim ~f 
the critic. New York Cit y gave him the fir st ticker-tape parade II 
had ever given a classical musician . . 

The popularity and adulation has continued, and hiS records 
have become national be tell ers. 

Johnny Rivers at ROXY 
by Timothy Mackenzie 

Staff Writer 

Johnny Rivers is one of a 
handful of rock musicians who 
has successfully maintained his 
excellence over the course of the 
past decade. Indeed, it is 
difficult to remember when he 
has not been on the scene. He 
possesses one of the most 
distinctive voices in rock music, 
and has a fine ear for hit 
material ("Secret Agent Man," 
"Memphis," "Rockin' 
Pneumonia - Boogie Woogie 
Flu," and others.). 

In addition to his fine 
collection of hits, Rivers 
brought a big band sound to his 
opening at the Roxy last week . 
His eight piece back-up band 
included two guitarists, a 
bassist, a pianisl, a drummer, a 
percussionist and a horn sec-
tion . The bigger band , ex-
pecially the horn section, added 
new power and ver atility to the 
Ri vers sound . 

The man whom man y 
consider to symbolize the 
" L.A." sound didn 't di sap-
point anyone at th e Roxy. His 
performance consisted of a very 
sat is fying mix ture of old and 
new materi al. But it wasn' t 
unti l the familiar guitar li cks at 

the start of "Secret Agent 
Man" jumped fonh that the 
audience really became excited. 
Rivers proceded directly into 
"Memphis," thus assuring 
himself a successful opening. 

He performed some selected 
cut s off hi latest album" New 
Lovers and Old Friends," 
including the showstopper 
"Help Me Rhonda." Who 
would have thought that anyone 
could reproduce a Beach Boys 
hit and actually improve on it? 
Well, Rivers did it. A big plus 
for the Rivers version is his use 
of the saxophone solo, which 
gives "Help Me Rhonda" a new 
dimension . And guess who 
appeared on stage to sing with 
Rivers? None other than Beach 
Boy Brian Wilson, who added a 
genuine legitimacy to the 
moment. 

Rivers and the band per-
formed remarkab ly well 
considering the size of the band 
and the small stage of the Roxy. 
He also showed that he is Quite 

a co mpetent guita rist in his own 
right . The music that evening 
was eri p and in fec tious, a 
per fecl formula for a suc-
ce ~ sf ul , exc it ing co ncert . 
Hopefully Ri ver~ can co ntinue 
to defy time and produce more 
of his special brand of magic. 

Representative 
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 

to be on cam pus 
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 28 

Graduate sludy informat ion - al l f ie lds o f 
Leiters. Ar ts & Sciences 

Speclat em pha SIS on the sci ences 
ContCic t Career Planning & Pla ce men I 

THE GATEKEEPER 
NATURA Food RESTAURANT 

WiH. bE INTERViEWiNG FOR 
Full 4\ P4RT TiME Jobs 

TItURSdAY OCT. 2} 
lO-~ pM 

INTERSTATE 8 4\ WARiNG Rd. 
(By MOTEL 7) 

AN EQUAL OPPO RTUN ITY EMPLOYER 

l rllu .. iIH'S· Wednesday, October 22, 1975 
Feliciano Versatil.e in UCSD Appearance 

by Timothy Mackenzie 
Staff Writer 

Jose Feliciano gave a 
superlative performance at the 
UCSD Gym Friday night, 
combining the vocal and in-
st rumental skills he posse~ses. 

Soon after he had begun his 
set, it becaille evident that 
Feliciano is indeed an artist in 
the true ense of the word. 

B~sicfes having a very fine voice, 
he demon trated that he is a 
guitarist of considerable repute, 
easi ly in the same class wi th any 
of rock's .super guitarists. His 
beautiful acoustic instrumental 
version of Michael Murphy's 
"Wildfire" came early in the set 
and gave a good indication of 
hi . guitar prowe . 

Perhap . t~e key factor in the 
concert wa. Feliciano's choice 
of material, which proved 
impeccable. His et was we ll 
balanced bet ween' t he slower 
ballads and the more upbeat 
boogie numbers . The showcase 
sc lcction in the first half of the 
performance, or possibly the 
entire show, was his rendition 
of K.C & The Sunshine Band's 
"Get Down Tonight." Not only 
did Feliciano improve on the 
original, but he also generated a 
very enthusia tic rapport with 
the audience through his fun-
loving lyrical advances. The 
fi rst half of the concert ended 
with an electric gui tar in-
stTllmental of "Also Sprach 

Zarath'ust ra," demonstrating 
tllat Feliciano is equally adept at 
playing acoustic or electric 
guitars. 

After .the intermission, 
Feliciano and the band came 
back with some Stevie Wonder 
material ("Colden Lady,'.' "All 

"An~ela" (from a movie score 
Feliciano recently completed) 
and an adaptation of a c1as ical 
piece of music, performed in a 
l ov~ly guitar solo. Predictab.1y, 
he closed h is se t w II h 
"California Dreaming" and 
encored with his theme "Light 

Jas. F.Uc.no llgltting Fires lit lut FrWay's Concert (n Photo: 
Paul Jarvis) 
Is Fair In Love") and continued 
on with equal enthusiasm, 
making the second half of the 
concert as enjoyable as the fir I. 
He boogied again with 
"Nothing Fmm Nothing" and 
provided a bli tering guitar solo 
for the Eagles' "One Of These 
Nights." He also debuted some 
of his new material , including 

My Fire ." . 
Fe liciano was supported very 

competently by his three piece 
band (bass, keyboards, drums) , 
though they didn't do anything 
spectac ular. The spot light 
deservedly kept its aim on 
Feliciano . Though dimunitive in 
size, his artistry knows no 
bounds. 

Music Department to Feature Recital, Choir 
The UC San Diego Music 

Departmcnt concert eason will 
be launched with two con-
. ecutive- concerts: a vocal 
recital with mezzo-soprano 
Deborah Kavasch at 8 in the 

Deborah Kavasch, Episod.s of 
love I 
followed by a UCSD Gospel 
Choir conc.,cTl , Friday, at 8 pm, 

a l~oil1the Recit al Hall. 
For her recit al Deborah 
Kal'a ~eh will sing a series of 
po em s by Adalbert von 
Chami ~so , describing episodes 
of love throughout the life of a 
woman, set to mu~ ic by Robert 
Schumann; C H ANSO 
MADECASSES, by laurice 

1JOf1f~; 
-~~ 

HAIR CUlTERS 
For people who love 

tile sun and sea. 
By Appointment 

Cl o cd undays and Monday 

5625 La Jolla Blvd . 
La Jolla 459-8218 

Rtdken Relail Centre 

Ravel: concluding with Luciano Experiment, and has par-
Berio's FOLKSONGS. ticipated in numerous rccitals 

Deborah Kavasch, a Ph.D . on both coa ts. 
candidate in the music For the second concert, 
department, sings a':1d pl~ys Oct~ber ~4, the UCSD .Gospel 
several instruments IIlcludlng ChOIr, ~trected by Cecil Lyt le 
the vio lin . For several years she will be joined by the Apostolic 
was a member of the Extended Faith Garden of Prayer Church 
Vocal Techniques Ensemble of Choi r, in si nging such classics 
the UCSD Center for Music Conlinued on Page 7 

PiONEER ON SALE!! 
LA JollA Music' 
~--

PiO.NEER 20~ 
i Hi-FidEliTY kEAdpkoN 

w /1 yR GUARANTEE 
REG 2~oo 
NOW l8n 

LA JOllA Music 1128 WAll ST. 

MARGUARITA 
I . 

GHT 

No Blu~.kon and Yo" Mu I /Jtt 2 1 

945 GARNET 
PACIFIC BFACH 

Wednesday, October 22, 1975 

IT Sports Qu.iz 
Nilles: Answers to the quiz should be written on a separate sheet 
(~l p(lper. and turned in to th~ Triton Times lPOrts desk, in lower 
//lake Hall. The date and lime should be written on the entry 
(llId a TT staff writer must sign it. The deadline is next Wed-
lI(!sdaJ', October 29, and the winner will be the indil'idual who films in a correct entry first. /In the event that no one answers 
011 the questions correctly, the winner ",ill be the person with the 
most right answers.} 
I'ri;;e: Two tickets 10 the San Diego Sails-New York Nets game 
/t'aturing Julius Erving. 

I. What learn did not draft Padre out fielder Da ve Winfield when 
he was in college? A) Atlanla Hawks B) Minnesota Vikings ) 
Indiana Pacers 

2. Which football star has never wrestled professionally? A) 
Ro~ie Brown B) Wahoo McDaniel C) Ernie Ladd 
J . Which NFL coach played on an NBA champion? A) Chuck 
Knox B) Bud Grant C) Dick Nolan' 

UCSD Soccer: 
Dramatic Ups 
and Downs 

By Scott Sl)dil 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD soccer team's two 
oppositely played games of last 

. wcek, an 8-1 drubbing to 
Southern California College 
and an 11 -2 rout of Cal Baptis t 
typifies their "complete ly 

unpredictable'~. progress so far 
t his year. 

Page five 

4. Which hockey player isn't a harness driver in the off-season? 
) Gi lies Villemure B) Eddie West fall C) Rick MacLeish 

5. Which baseball player played for the Harlem Globetroller ? 
A) Bob Gibson B) AI Downing C) Dock Elli 

Coach Rod Geiger says his 
squad goes through "dramatic 
ups and down s" and that he is 
never sure exactly how his 
players will perform each game. 

Last Wednesday against 
SCC, the Tritons were blitzed 
by four quick goals before 
getting a chance to work the 
kinks out of their bus-ride-
weary legs. After finally getting 
untracked with a core of their 
own, UCSD sti ll had a chance 
to get back into the contest. But 
at what Geiger called the 
"turning point of the match", 
SCC kicked another goal and 
the Tritons "more or less gave 
up." An unruly home crowd at 

Veteran HOWdy )IDley I rlgh', IS in a footrace In a game at Muir 
Field. Sibley has been a defensive mainstay for the Triton 
soccer team- this year . . 

6. Name seven orofe ional snor ts teams in San Diel!o. 
7. Who ran the anchor leg on the USC 440 relay team Ihat in-
Cluded O.J. Simpson and set a world record? 
R. Whois a current Olympic record holder? A) Bob Seagren B) 
Bob Beamon C) Bob Hayes 
9. Who led the UC D in scoring on the varsity basketball season 

la~ t year? 
10. What was the last year the All-Star game was played in 
Yankee Stadium? 
I I. True or false. Babe Ruth and Jim Thorpe plaved for the 
~t\lne Bosion team in 1919. -
12. True or false. Mickey Mantle 's 52 home runs in 1956 were 
the most ever hit by a player winning the triple crown. 
13. Which brothers have combined for the most homers in 
ba. eball hi tory? 
14. Who is the UCS D crew coach? 
15. Who is Olajide Shokumbi? 

r~"'~~~·7~'1 
f Gigantic ~ 

TT ' Game of the Week 

S C only added to UCSD 's 
fru strations and the squad's 
only real ati sfaction of the 
a'flernoon wa in getting away 
from the Orange County 
campus at the game's end . 

Saturday'S onesided victory 
victimized a very unskilled Cal 
Baptist team. Geiger almo t 
completely discounted his club's 

Alert Paws Stra ngle 
by Ron Kalo Lips" la t Saturday on the Muir 
Siaff Writer Field . The Syphili s League 

bailie was picked the Triton 
Times Game of the Week, 
cho en entirely at random. 

The "Paws" coed intramural 
football team, holding their 
opponen ts scoreles s wh ile 
tallying 15 points, defeated the 
punch Ie s " Dr. Wang and the 

Playing the game under a 
conditional agreement between 
the two teams, the Wangs took 

Water Polo Home from Tough Series 
by Bob Sieiner 

(Brand ~ew Shipment) Diego waterpolo team met with stiff competition a nd ended the 
St rt Oct b 22 road trip with a 2-3 record. 

, 

0 S 0 er ~ Meeting Cal Poly San Lui Obispo on Thursday. the Triton O W I 0 I jumped into the pool after a tuffy six hour drive and quickly met ne ee L n y with vigorou_s waterpolo playing by their opponents. Unable to ~ acquire a cohesive offen ive allack, the UC D team could muster 
on ly a few goals. ~ First qualit,Y merchandise ' Despite effortS by Bob Ali, the Triton goalie, the Cal Poly team .~ H. D. LEE Den i m 5 ~ m,".g,d 10 g';",O""~'~:I::'::~~~:;: .hamm"'d .w.,,", I h, 
~ 4 pocl~et button front ~ 
j reg 13.00 now 8.99 
f 130sic Denims 

I: S Hwy I~" :~ 
10:00·6:00 
9 :30-6:00 III. Triton wllter poloists get some instructions from coach Gary 

deci. ive win because of CB's 
poor quali ty of pl ay. Goa li e 
Joe Wett stei n commented that 
the Triton' s only real worries of 
the lopsided match were from 
"getting kicked in the shins 
because they (C B) had trouble 
making contact with the ball." 

With a 3-1 league record 
UCSD is still in strong can: 

Cllntinued on Page 7 

~e~j~lh O"IYlWO r,m.l, 
players. In the process of raising 
their seasonal reco rd to 2- 1, the 
Paws, capt ai ned by Jim Gar-
dner, easil y took command 07 
Ihe game which hould have 
been won on a forfeit. 

Coming off their second 
" raig ht win in a many weeks, 
the Pall' scored early in the first 
half when they fo rced their 
opponent fo r a safet y in the 
end zo ne. On the following 
cri es of downs, Paw quar-

terback Currie Munce threw a 
40-yard touchdown pass to 
Jan ine Roc he only to have an 
illegal blocking penalt y nullify 
the play. As the low coring 
first half was nearing com-
plet ion, the alert Paw defense 
again tagged the Wang for a 
safet y to close out the half at 4-
O. 

Resuming play in the econd 
half, th e duo of Munce and 
Roche combined fo r a touch-
down on the first play after the 
kickoff for a 12·0 lead . Wilh 
Roche at the quarterback 
po ition the PAT altem fl t lIas 
good on a three yard run int o 
the end zone making the score 
13-0. 

Dr . Wangs. frustrated by 
their inabil ity to move the ball 
on offen se th ro ughoul the 
game, allempted a quick kick 
while deep in their OIl n 
territory, unaware of the rule 
prohibiling u h J." ick . Rick 
Angel promptly downed the 
quarterback on the following 
play for the third afety of the 
game to give the Paws their 
fi nal point in their well-
dese rved 15-0 victory. ~~. *",ftI~I..oIII:I"'KliI~~.~~""""'~.~' Becker. ~----------------------------------~ 

A Funn~ Thing Happened on the Wo.~ to Equo.lit~ 
is a penetrating and challenging look inlo Ihe tives of those who typ ify what author Ellen Peck terms " The 
Transition Woman." How many casualilies ore there in Ih is battle for Fem in isl freedom? Is the prICe that some 
women ore being asked to pay too high? This is a thought-provoking and impOrlanl study of the contemporary 
American scene. 

Also new from Prentice Holl Publishing Compon,y 

The PSionic Genero.tor Pattern BO'ok 
Easy 10 assemble ptans for construct ing a dozen ESP-act i vating 

devices. You must see it 10 believe It! Only 4.95111 paperback. 

Available now at the University Bookstore 201 Mathews 

umVfR51TY 
t 



Pqesix Wednesday, October 22, 1975 

T Ri ON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
a •• fIedw IItDlId either be priMed or typed on a 3"1 i"cant 

(available In Triton .I'tmes office). l1JeY may be IIIIbmiIted 
anytime between • and noon and I and 4 p.rn. 

Tbe ' following rues are for 100 spaces - 11 you 11M more 
spaces,tIIe ratewUl double. (100 spaces- .-.; 101 toZOO- .5Qt) . 

Pel'SOI\Ila - 'I 
Lost and Found - free 
other ada : students - .~ 

nonstudents - $1 
DeadlInes: 5 pm Friday for' Monday; 5 pm Monday for 

Wednesday ; 5 pm Wedneaday for Friday. 
Announcements : free. AU announcements will run In the 

Monday calendar. Deadline for calendar: 5 pm Friday. 
(All additions or cprrections to listings In the 'Schedule rl 

Classes for courses will be 

housiNG 
Join Ih. fun . Pt . Loma T.nnis Club con-
dominiums 1 & 2 Idrm .$23.900-$32.900. 
Pool, jacuui, ICIUnot, e.erel .. rml, .4 lit 
I.nnil caum. aecurity guorda. K.y· RtIOlty 

222~ or 22~.Q667 (10/31) 

4th Cotlege Jr. needs F roommate lor La 
Jollo Vil loge Ap". $87.50 mo. 4S3~5 (10122) 
F needs F 10 room w in P.8. $75.00 max. 
each non·amoker. nal rowdy and fairly 
studious call Ronni UR·9751 (10122) 

Li.e 01 Ih. BEACH where WI coot and 
qul.l. Lg 2 BR furn. opt. overlooking 
Moonl il. Beach in EnclnltOl. tdeat for 3 
sludents . $75 per mo. each. CooII Cruiser 
Service. ~1 Fourth Sl. Enclnlta. or call 223· 
9866. (1012~) 

Roommat. d .. ired for 2 Bdrm. opt. behind 
Cornegi... Walk 10 beach. Nic.' $110/mo. L •. mUg. 01755-4900. (10/ 22 ) 

Shore maSl.r Bdrm. and both In Iorge Univ. 
City house. 95/mo; or 'urnilhed single 
room. 115/ mo. 5 min. from UCSD. Cott 
after 5 pm, 452·9790. (10/24) 

fOR SALE 
Co ..... JIIC CDI668 Akai CS330·00tby 
brand new unuaed call Oov •• venings 453. 
9349. Dealen call (10/ 22) 
Calculaton·HP21·$I18. HP22.$ISS. HP25-
$182. SRSOA·$91. SR5IA-$I40. 5 Oay 
delivery. Send pric. plu. 6 percenl lax (pr.'. moneyorder) 10 Cheap Colculator 
Co. 6~ 41h 51. Da.is. CA 95616 qu •• tlons 
call 800-952-5252. (11126) 
3 I ickets 10 Elton John concert LA Dodger 
Sladium Ocl 25 sell 01 co.1 $10 a.k for Pam 
453-76104. (10122 ) 

Innerspoce Waler Bed - pedestol, heat" . 
bog. liner. from" - 5130. 2 Quodraflex RS-
4 Speakers. $110. Call 453·7037 
62 Fatcon reblt eng, carbo brks, "tc. Runs 
well $300lbest off.r. Mork 452-4113 day, 
'112..fJ987 nile. (10/22) 
For sale 350CB Hondo Engine: perfecl 
condo 1972 · 20.000 $450 435-5.0t84 
Coronado Johnno Slaighl. (10/22) 
SIC Venluri Formula 2, 3 way speakers 
handles 75 wa" •. 3 mon.h. old. $180 besl 
oHer Call Hal 453-3893. (10122) 
For Sole : Flule excl. condilion. New $200. 
will lake besl oHer over $70. 276-0169 ~r 
Iv . msg. 01459·3761. (10122) 

Men&Women 
Superb Cuts Elegont styling 

Lei the Brtl ish lake core of You 

566-7530 
open even ings 
A )so , 
Fine Anliques & Jewelry 

Norlh Gale Plaza 
8660 M iramar Rd . 
Suite "E" 

THE INTERNATIONA 
PHOTO SHOW! 

The 'nterpation.' PhDto Show lor So.tllenl Californlll Brow .. tllrDugh 
the country's largest perm.nent pbDtD g.lIlry . .. III demonltrltlonl 01 
over 75 major photo b,·.ndl by Ilctory-trilned axpertl _ .. bl., lectures 
every hall hour on dIffera,t photo topici ... III without commlrclll I.tl'-
rup.ions l ••• SPECIIL ISNEY fESTIVAL: A retrolplcllft, cllltln ... 1 
sbowing of the master', fiorl" ••• Bring your camera and plloto.,.ph 
live models In a mUlinl p,,"ntltIDn by ART06RAPHY ... IIIYI I fREE 
carner. check-up, movl, or It ill ... see fREE muhl-lnldll .nd film IhOWlI 

THE SOUTHERN C/.L FORNIA INTERNATIONAL i--t-lOTO :HOW 
DISNEYLAND HOTLL EXHIBITION HALL 
ANAHEIM. CALlFOFIN A 

October 23 to 26, 1 :H~ 
Thurs. & Fri., 5 to 10 ~M 
Sal., Noon to 10 PM 
Sun., Noon to 6:30 PM 

Admission $3 ; $2 with coupon 
from your photo dealer. 
Children under 11 FREE 
when accompanied by an adult. 

Sponsored by IPOSA. 8 non·prOf.f Ind';"ry ... ocl.llon 

Amazing 1975 Hooodo ~ (~cyll) with 
lUll 500 mil .. -onty $1099. For a deal call 
Scali· 453·5036. (10/31) 
VW Super Beelt. ' 73 perf.CI running condo 
Must •• 111 Exl. 2462 or 27Cl-8064 oft. 5. 
(10/ 22) 

WANTEd 
N.ed •• tra cosh? Poying top dallor lor 
your U.S. Silver coin. minled before 1965. 
K.n ~53 ·7924 . (11/~6) 
Job o~ning : 86700 programmer 10 write 
air polluli,," dala manipulotion program. 
Barb Elku •• 2572 (10124) 
Wanled socrilidat virgin for Sot. oct 2.5. 
Coil Oovld 01 ~S2.a268 (E .... ) (10/22) 
N.ed rid .. to Sonto Cruz or ntlOr Ihere. Will 
h.lp wilh go ••• pen.... Call Kathy 452· 
9539. (10122) 
De.perotely n_d ride 10 Son Franclaco Ih l. 
Friday after 10:30. r.lurn Sun or Mon. Colt 
Ann 452·9~23 . (10122) 
Emptoy.e .... ks daily rid. from Poway . 
Hrs. 8 ·~: 3O M-F. will shore .xpen .... 3607. 
John (10122) 

• SERVICES 
Tun. up •. brak •• minor repair, oil change. 
elc. Mike~3(10122) 
Are you adopted? Seeking nalural 
poren,,? 232-6510 or P.O. 33272 SO 92103 
(10/31 ) 

Workahops TBA in old mall"r p<eporatlons 
& technique •. Drawing postet. oil., lI ill lif. 
& lif • . 8i11436-0709 (11/5) 
People movers. Moving odvice and 
.ouislance. V"ry reasonabl.. Call Jeff 
,272·3078. (11 / 26) . 

THE WOOD DOYf • A gourmet Natural 
Fooda Aeslaurant, ... ntly opened In 
Solana Becxh. 150 Acado (N •• t to Another 
Bird). Open 11 -11 . Din"", from 5-10. 
Speclat offer: Frull Smoothl • . ~ ,.nll. 
Ocl. IS-Nov. 15. T.t 755-5810. 
rypi"O.Marityn would iik. to type your 
paper, t .... " . booIt. Experi.nced, 
reasonable. lalt and hot correctl"O IBM. 

Coll565·~ (10122) . 

00 you really f •• 1 lik. lilling up lonlght 10 
g.1 thaI poper typed lhal wal due loll 
w •• k? leI m. da it - call S .... 279· 1~18 . 
Clolr.monl. (11126 ) 
Colle<OJiole _earch aid .. lhouoonda on Ii I • . 

Send $1 lor your 160 ~ mail order 
COlO log. R ..... rch ""istonc., 11322ldoho 
A •• 1206 LOI Ang.I •• CA 90025 213-~TT-

8~7~ (1/1 9) 

Personalized Chrillmas cord. • a wid. 
olSonment form very contemporary to very 
traditional. Order eorly & sov. 15%. Call 
and IOv. bolh $ and lootwork 453.()387. 
(10/29) 

[)eorTroion 
Wh.n and wher.? 

8ruce (10122) 

ssw Travel Office - on campus· chart.r 
fligh.. . Xmas NV $209 . Inti Sludent 10 
Mozallan . $139 - etc. UCSD Int.rnalional 
Cent.r. ~S2-063O 11 am-04 pm Mon. Wed. 
Fri only. (10/204) 

Banona - Sorry I WOI so mean and In-
conslderale. Ilov. you much. Banana 12. 
(10/ 22) 

ANNIE: 
I'm very sorry. I hope we con work it 

out . 
Your friend G. (10/22) 

Liso . v •• I'll graduat. from UCSO. Today a 
liv • . Monona dead or lhall w. r.aor1 to the 
rabbit died for .nt.rtoln .... nt? Hov. a bon 
lime in L.A. and w.'11 ha". G & T'I on the 
beach. Vour Irlend & ml .... (10122) 

To Ih. crHP who found !h. man.y In my 
dorm room: That WOl all lhe maney I 
hav.t Victim in 031. (10/ 22) 
Whoe.er ripped off my voluabl .. from lhe 
COl. 01 Ihe gym. ptea,. r.turn whal you 
can't use. R.lurn to TT ol;llc •. (10122) 
Found: !t>u.. and penpecliv.. In 
American Gov.rn .... nt In use 4050A 
Monday 10-20-75. (10122) 

Friday. Oclober 24 .. 01 6 pm Ihe 
UJS Is sponsoring a She-bbol 
vegetorian pot ~luck tn t~e TV 
lounge of the Muir Apts. 

Friday. Oc.ober 24 .. 01 6 pm .he UJS .s 
!ponsorlng a Shobbot .... egetorian pol. luck 
In the TV lounge of the M Uir Apt!. 

Wonl 10 teorn s.gn longuog,\7 There w'lI 
be a closs Wednesday.,. October 24, at 
6:30pm ,n Ihe Di50bled Sluden. Cenler. 
Women's Sorcer Club meet ing Thursday, at 
B pm In the sludenl center norll con -
ference room. 

ATTN REVellE FAll GRADUATlOS : If ypu 
plan '0 grodua.e a •• he end of foil QIr. bUI 
ho .... e nOl yet filed your degree applica t,on 

' cord , please contact ElIza Gillies in t"e 
Revelle Provost's Office ;~medio'ely! 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone 583-UFE 24 hrs 

Free counSeling, study room 
and speakers 

Wednesday, October 22, 1975 
, . 

VPC s Kessler Soccer ••• 
i rlio .. i.Ia'S 

Choir •• ~ 
HitsDwnke 

Chancellor Glenn S. Dumke 
and the Board of Trustees were 

tent ion for a conference title. as," By The Time [ Get To 
But Geiger still feels that his Heaven", "Redemrtion Draws 
team is plagued by the fact that Nigh", and " 1'1 Make It 
all of his players have difficulty Allrighl. " 
making it to all the practices., In keeping with the Choir' s 

It is overstated common tradition of invllmg guest 
knowledge that UCSD's speakers and performers, 

charged with "serious 
mis management" of the 
California State University and 
Colleges October 9. Making the 
acc usation was Professor 
Warren Kessler, President of 
the Uni ted Professors of 
California, the largest faculty 
organiza tion in the state. 

rigorous academic programs Reverend Andrew Cross will 
and de-emphasis of big-time speak on, " Relevant 
sports, hinders any . athletic • Education." 
team on this campus . Coach Cecil Lytle an outstanding 
Geiger feels that if athletes were jazz pianist himsel f, and the 
given academic credit for UCSD Gospel Choir appeared 
competing on an inter-collegiate in numerous co mmunit y 
team, as is common at most concerts last year as well as in 
schools across the nation, more concerts at other California 
individuals would feel it was music centers. ' This year their 

Kessler said that since 1969 
the workload of faculty 
members has increased 11.4 
percent while their purchasing 
power has fallen 17.3 percent. 
He also claimed a "shockin~ly 
high level of admi nistratIve 

. tour includes va ri ous UC 
worth their while to participate. campuses and those of other 

personnel abuses, · including 
For now, such a change in schools and colleges. 

format is only hopeful 
speculation for Geiger, More 
Immediately, hiS attentIOn IS ' 
focused on loday's home game 
with Point Lorna, a team the 
coach feels "can only go ul? " 
si nce their poor showing earher 
this season against the Tritons . 

vio lations of p'ro fessional 
standard and ciVil liberties ." 
Thc faculty pokes man added 
that "the administrative 
bureaucracy has grown far 
behi nd reasonable propor-
li()n~. " 

mR .... 
Yor" City that its default wouldn't hurt the economy much 
anyway. 

h thi~ IS-year old SiRlon-Humph rey dogma corre'ct? Federal 
, pe nding is certainly way up, but it is a lmost unchanged as a ratio 
to expanding Federal product (19.4 percent in the 1950's; 19.2 
percent now .) Yes, the huge deficit is dangerous, but most of it is 
due to recession-- job insurance and loss of income. Cure thc 
rr.:es. ion and you cure the deficit, too .. The national debt? 
Horren dou s in billion! But as a ratio of national production it is 
now far below 1950. 

Rcporters are out in the corridor, now, comparing notes. The 
Simon hit about presidential vetoes is good, we agree, but not very 
new; noth ing to ask the stenographer, " Read that back to . us -
tha t' s a good quote!" Nothing to curl your hair. 

'U "li.!J/!.uity of (!a.[lfolnia., c5an fbiL!}O 
Ca.mpu! PlO!}ta.m !Boald 

p't£unh 

FRidAY NiGIiT Flick 
l()()1 

4 §1><l£E {)cJ,§S~' 
7:30 and 10 pm 

Mandeville Auditorium $1 
SATURdAY FilM 

Brueckner ... 
course or of the nature of his 

~ tudent s. The whole mailer 
boils down to' lillIe more. 

It is time for his critics to 
widen the scope of theirefforls, 
and to recognize the problem 
touches many of the Univer-
sit y's most prominent teachers. 
Attacks on Brueckner would no 
longer seem to ha e any pur-
pose. 

Wanl 10 learn sign language? 
There wil) be a class Wednesday. 
October 24, at 6 :30 pm in the 
Disabled Student Center. 

Women's Soccer Club meeling 
Thursday, at 8 pm in Ihe studenl 
center north conference room. 

11i~ "'t)tll~1 (tllcl tilE WIlt)I~ 
directed by Jean Eustache wI Francois 

Rivera Rally Slated 
A rally protesting the kilUng 

of Luis Rivera , a man shot by a 
National City Police officer, 
will be held in Muir Plaza this 
Friday at noon . The featured 
speakers are: Felipe Alcala of 
the Ad Hoc Committee on 
Chicano Rights, Mike Zarate 
and Gary Rolison of the 
St udent Coa li tion Against 
Raci. m, Susan Zarate 0 f th e 
Women's Center, Anthony 
Greenfield of the Black 
Students Union, and Sue 
Stanfield of CaIP IRG. 

Commun ications Board 
Meeting 

The UC San Diego Com-
munications Board will hold its 
first meeting of the year Friday 
at II am in the Student Center 
Student Organization Con-
ference Room. 

The Communication Board 
is an advisory commillee to the 
Chancellor composed of 
student s . The Board is 
responsible for over eeing the 

.various media on campus, both 
official and subsidiary . 

The Board makes recom -
mendations to the chancellor 
and allocates fund s as part of it s 
duties. 

There has been 110 announced 
agenda for Friday's meeting. 
The meeting is open to the 
public. 

Voter Pamphlets Distributed 
A temp(}rary restr aining 

order brought by councilwoman 
Maureen O'Connor which 
barred voter pamphlets from 
being di stributed was Ii fted this 
morning. Councilwoman 
Maureen O'Connor received the 
restra ining order after her 
oppo nent , Lou Ridgeway stated 
that "The incumbent 
(O'Connor) missed 50 per cent 
of the council meetings first 
quarter . " 

The restraining order was 
lifted after a judge ruled against 
O'Connor Monday. 

~ 
$840 

Pri •• t. PllotllcenM [Includes] 
• 35 H ... Flying 
• Instruction 

• p.lomer Fllghl T",lnlng ConI", 
Look lor P.lomar 
Air Service Sltn 

vA • FAA Approved 
JorgeD Knudsen 

438-4097 or 
7Z4-497t 

. ·Page seven 

Committee on Education 
Meeting 

The California State 
Assembly Committee on 
Education will hold a hearing 
on October 23 and 24, on (he 
subject of secondary school 
reform. The hearing will be 
held at t he San Diego State 
Building, 1350 Front Street, 
Room B 109 at 9:30 a .m. 

The committee is interested in 
secondary chool reform 
proposals, including recom-
mendations by the California 
Commi ion on Reform in 
Intermediate and Secondary 
Education (RISE) . The 
committee wi hes to determine 
if change in current statutory 
provision and funding for-
mulas are advisable to improve 
st udent interest and 
achievement, and school 
decision -maki ng. 

rience Fiction Books Donated 
The UC San Diego Science 

Fiction and Fantasy Club has 
donated over 100 books to the 
UCSD Librarv. 

Accordi ng (0 Conan LaMoll 
a past p residcnt of (he Scienc~ 
Fiction c lub, the book were 
gathered by the club and 
co llected from the University 
communi ty to rep lenish the 
stock of books in the paperback 
lending library at Cluster I 
Lib·rary. The library will label 
the books and put them on the 
shelves t h i week. 

LaMott said the paperback 
lending library was started four 
years ago when members of the 
Science Fiction Club sought to 
improve t he number of cience 
fiction and fantasy titles 
available to student . 

Folk Singer to Perform 

Third College will present 
Chicano folk singer David 
Maesta s in performance 
tomorrow at noon in front of 
the Mallhews Cafeteria. The 
performance is free and open to 
the public . 

In other Third College ac-
tivities, the annual Third 
College KSDT Dance will be 
held Friday night from 9 pm to 
I am at the Student Center. 
Adm ission and beverages are 
free. 

Tickets are still available for 
the Marrietta Boat Cruise 10 be 
held thi Saturday night. Tick-
ets are available at the Third 
College Dean's office and the 
event is open to all Third 
College st udents for $2. 

AnN REVELLE FALL GRADUATES: If 
you plan to graduale at the end of 
Fall aIr, but hove not yet filed your 
degree applicolion card , please 
contoct Eliza Gillies in Ihe Revelle 
Pravosl's Office immediatelyl 

83349500 .. 000 
Unelaiuted 
Scholarships 
Over $33,500,000 unclaimed scholarships, grants, aids, and 
fellowsh ips ranging from $50 to $10,000. Current list of 
these sources researched and compiled as of Sept. 15. 1975. 
UNCLAIUD SCHOLARSHPS 
11275 Massachusetts Ave., L'bs Angeles, CA 90025 
o I am enclosing $9.95 plus $1 .00 for postage and handling. 

------------------------I PLEASE RUSH YOUR CURRENT LIST OF I I UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHPS SOURCES TO: I 
I I I Name I 
I Address I 
I I I City State Zip_ I 
I (California residents please add 6'lj, sales IIX ) I L ________________________ ~ 



Page eight 

StuJent: Coope~tive 
Discuss Regenu, BRG 

The Student ooperative 
dispatched of utine bu ine. s 
Monday night their weekly 
meet ing in the ' udent center. 

Among the item of 
di . cu ion we.·e the recent 
Regent meeting, North City 
We t, the . Budget Re ources 
group, a recent letter to the 
Triton Times from some Coop 
members, an update of the 
Board of AuthorllY (BOA) and 
!h~ . upcoming Nuclear power 
1Jl1llatlve. 

Student Body Presidents 
Council Representative Irma 
Munoz gave a report on the 
recent UC Regents meeting held 
in San Francisco. Munoz spoke 
at great length about the 
provi ions to. change the 
financial aids requirements. 

A report by Ruth Quirck 
updated the status of propo als 
to increase development in San 
Diego's North City West. Last 
year the Coop voiced its op- -
po ition to the propo ed 
development. 

Uarit'y"Quorum 
There was a motion to amend 
the current BRG rules in order 
to clarify what a quorum would 
be for voting. There wa not 
much discussion on the 
mea ure, which will be voted 
upon next week. 

rwo weeks ago three 
members of the Coop, Joel 
Jame McCormick, Charles E. 

PUC ..• 
policies and rate hikes, with 
having a large impact o n the 
case in areas such as energy 
conservation and future power 
plant expansion. 

Clash Over Increase 

During the PUC hearing 
commissioner and taff 
members clashed over the 
propo ai, with one examiner 
claiming DG& ' "ervice will 
deteriorate" if it did not get thl' 
full rate increase. 

Hayne. and Barbara Met 7 
wrote a letter to the Triton 
Times that called for an in-

estigation of the election of 
Irma Munoz and Marco 
LiMandri to the Student Body 
Pre idem' Council. 

The Coop discu sed the leiter 
by the three members, and those 
who wrote the document spoke 
to clarify their position. Monty 
Reed moved to censure Metz, 
McCormack, and Haynes. That 
motion will also be voted upon 
at next week's meeting. 

... 

LiMandri has since quit the 
SBPe. 

Last week the Coop was 
visited by representatives of the 
Nuclear Safeguards Committee 
who presented a film on nuclear 
sa fety. The Coop voted to 
upport the efforts of the 

commillee and to support their 
position on the upcoming June 
initiative. -

BOA 
The Coop al 0 heard an 

update on the BOA. Last week 
Vi ce-chancellor George Murphy 
wrote a leller detailing his 
re ervations about the proposal 
to turn opetation of the student 
center over to the students. 

This week, Murphy wrote 
ano ther leiter to the Coop in 
which he reevaluated hi s 
position and ex pres ed a de ire 
to work more clo ely with the 
students. 

Batinovich, however, insisted 
that SDG&E is "not going to go· 
broke. Let's give them a decent 
rate increa e and if we find out 
it' not enough, they can come 
back. " 

SDG& Pre ident Walter A. 
Zitlau characterized the increa e 
as totally inadequate . 

"The deci sion force us to re-
evaluate our whole operation to 
determine what ervice must be 
curtailed , " he .aid. 

The popular new ... 

SHARK 
ANIMATED 

WATCH 
Only $24.95 Postpaid. 

You 'll be the envy of your friends 
when you wear the Super White Shark 
animated wristwatch. 
The unique dial features a sWimmer 
revolving around the dreaded white '--""", 
shark jaws every minute. Makes a 
great conversa tion piece. 
The handsome gold tone case has a 
Swiss precision movement with an 
unbreakable mainspnng and IS 
guaranteed ;0 es gi lt boxed to 
make an Ide.11 g It for that special 
someone 
People will rotice you when you wear 
the Super W'lite Shark wristwatch. 
Order yours today. 

SPI:CIAL 10% STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Send thi ad along with your order and deduct $2.50 from 
the , bove price. You pay only $22.45 . 

•.•...•....••••....•......•....••.•.......•..•••..... 
• HOUSE C F CUPID • 

DEPT SCI 34R rEARLWOOD ST CHULA VISTA CA 92011 PRIC[ : 
Pie n.nd __ Super Shark Wnslwalchl.sl ______ _ 

Name ____________ C,hl ddd 6~ la' ___ _ 
Addrm __________ _ 1011 ___ _ 

• 

· 
· • 
• 
• 

· 
· • 
• 

· • City ______ bp ___ _ a. ~u,~ 10 ,ncludt ch~rk or • 
m n'f order SoffY no COD : 

••••••.....•....••••...........•..•••••••••..•..... ~ 
Write for group fund raising quantity discount prices. No cash outlay. 

Ad~lt ·Education .•. 
The report also recommend 

creation of a new institution in 
alifornia to provide the e 

services. 

Addi t ionally, t he report call 
for reforms in existing in-
titution relating to part-time 
t udent, off-campus in-
truction and the unique need 

of special groups. It recom-
mends more equitable fee 
chedules, student financial aid 

for part-time students and fee 
waivers for needy students in 
continuing education. 

The ~eport ur~es the 
University of Californta and the 
California State University and 
Colleges to "extend their 
regular degree programs to off-
campus locations in ways, time 
and places convenient to 
adults." 

W~terpolo .•• 

Regain Leadership 

Acco rding to John 
Vasconcellos (D-San Jo. e), then 
'hair man of the Joint Com-
millee on Po tsecondary 
Education, the repon call on 
California to gain it lost 
leadership in adult education. 

Vasconcellos continued to say 
that "this study, conducted by 
independent consultants 
without vested interests or 
institutional restrictions. was 
able to assume a broader 
perspective than is usual in 
st udies about education in 
California ... The burden is now 
on the institutions either to 
show that these needs can be 
met through existing policy or 
to help us make these reforms." 

UC San Diego goal. Said Coach Gary Becker, "The team was just 
I i red after the t rip and a little squirreli h ." 

The game ended in favor of the Cal Poly team despite a late rally 
by Ihe Triton . As coach Becker put it, " It was good experience for 
sllch abuilding team as we are. 

Continuing on their travels, the Tritons tangled with UC 
Berkeley on Friday in what turned out to be one of the best games 
played so far by UCSD. 

Re. ted after their loss to Cal Poly, the Trit ons met UC Berkeley 
on even term and a tough physical cIa. h developed. Led by series 
high scorer, Dennis Thomas, the Triton clashed furiou Iy with 
Iheir opponents and managed to match goal for goal with the 
Bears. With both offenses and defenses counterbalancing each 
olher, the game concluded only when the final buzzer went off 
\ .... ith UC Berkeley the 6-5 victors . ' 

" It was the best game this team has played in two years," said , 
Coach Becker. " It was a game in which we put it together but 
un fo rt unately lost." . 

With their adrenalin moving, the UC D squad met San Fran-
cisco State lat er that ame day and literallv tomped on their head. 
A ting as a cohe i e unit , th e Triton team outplayed their op-
ponent s in a \3-1 lop ided victory. 

Ki ck Lantz, a sophomore-, displayed hi 'ability a he played an 
excellent game against San Franci sco State. " He has improved 
great ly," sa id Coach Becker, "and I think he'll turn out to be a 
very effective player in the future ." 

Again gell ing some re t , the Tritons confronted Cal State 
Hayward o n aturday. Expecting tiff competition, the Triton 
weren't surpri sed when the Hayward team gave them exactly that. 

Very phy, ica l and aggres ive, the game turned into a water war as 
the two teams directed their offenses ag inst each other. Defenses 
\\orked effectively a nd bot h goalies olaved well as they blocked 
,hots Ihat were fired ruthlessly at the goals. 

ue~plte a consisten tly played game, theTriton fell the victim to 
t he larger chool and uffered t he defeat. " It was a game," sa id 

oach Becker, "I hat wt; weren't prepared for." 
Undauntcd by the loss . the U San Diego team ventured to Santa 
lara Sat\lrd~y nighl .and again met with a fairly comparable 
11: ~~ .I11 ... - flc~llvcly plaYlllg as a team, the Trit n~ put togelher an 
e.fllclCllI ofJemc and managed to pull a 9-7 deci , ion <I\\ay fr01l1 
Sanla lara. 

The Trit om t:ollti nue their rough sea~on . chedulc by journeying 
10 Pepperdillc niver it y in Malibu loday . 

Wedne day, October 22, 1975 

Tugboat ••• 
Frick says that "Tugboat" 

is a publication that will draw 
upon the San Diego com-
munity for materials. Th 
magazine ha described it el f 
a "an energetic attempt by 
interested . stude.nts and 
graduates from UC San Diego, 
San Diego State, Gros mont, 
and Mesa College, in con-
junction with prominent 
artists and scientists in the 
community. " 

Frick says he hopes to 
gather material at UCSD. He 
says he wants to "bring thin~s 
out of the closet and into the 
community." In the first issue, 
there were a number of pieces 
by members of the UCSD 
community. David Antin of 
the Visual Arts Department ' 
provided a scenario. Michael 
Davidson of the UCSD 
Library Contemporary Poetry 
Archives wrote a prose piece 
and the late Harry Partch of 
the Music department had one 
of his experimental com-
positons published from a 
series of works written -in the 
1930's. . 

Bronowski on Archileclure 
In jddition there were some 

previously unpublished lec-
tures of Dr. Jacob Bronow ki 
on architecture and two poems 
in the premier issue of 
"Tugboat. " 

"Tugboat's" editor, Frick, 
has worked in the San Diego 
area for a number of years. 
" A poet," as he descri bes 
himself, "from a performing 
slandpoint (at the premiere 
party he performed a piece 
called "Babbon")" he 
believes art and poetry should 
be approached from a 
multimedia standpoint. As a 
writer of philosophy Frick 
believes it is important'lO look 
at a subject from an in-
terdisciplinary viewpoint. 

The first issue was ex-
perimental in it approach to 
subject malter . Frick ays, 
however, that the theme of 
every issue will be different. 
He aid that he may even try to 
do a country western is ue. 

"Tugboat" is circuiated in 
bookstores in New York, 
Chicago, San Francisco and 
Lo. Angeles, a well as San 
Di ego . The next i ue will be 
distributed in major libraries 
throughout the nation. It i 
ex pected to b e out in 
November. 

ST"UOe.NT ~N'l.ATIOft' Weu.OfWIf. TO fk"TU~.IMTL! 
••• CoNTAcT RILN!.!. AT .It 2. • .ItO! • .. 

• 


