
Religion on Campus, 

Jewish 
Students 
Active 

Academic Senate Vote 
Oppose's CIA Relations 

by James G. Soto 
City Edltor 

If visibility and degree of par-
ticipation are any measure of a 
religious organization's popularity 
or importance, the Union of Jewish 
Students (UJS) is one of the larger 
religious groups at UC San Diego. 

This is the latest story in a con-
tinuing series on religion at UCSD; 

There were over 2000 people 
from all segments of the UC San 
Diego community who par-
ticipated in the last major UJS 
event, Israeli Awareness Week, 
held here during the week of 
November 3-7, according to 
Michael Newman and Ralph 
Gruenwald of the UJS. 

Gruenwald and Newman said 
that their own survey of UCSD 
shows that between 15 to 20 percent 
of the campus is Jewish. They 
believe that tlie UJS reaches most 
of the Jewish students on campus 
with one or another of their ac-
tivities. 

Around 1000 students are on UJS 
mailing list at any given time. 

Newman, the UJS treasurer, 
said the UJS acts as a service 
organization for a diverse Jewish 
community on campus. "The UJS 
is an umbrella organization for 
every Jewish-related activity on 
campus, including cultural, 
political, social, religious and 
educational programs," Newman 
continued. 

Gruenwald said that because the 
UJS seeks to be a broad 
organization, it is " the only of-
ficial or non-official organization 
for Jews on campus." 

Shabbat- Dinners 
The UJS, in addition . to spon-

oring special events, such as 
Iraeli Awareness Week, provides a 
whole series of regular activities 
including a lecture series, a 
program of films about Jewish 
culture or ' life in Israel, a Folk 
Dance Group (which has ap-
proximately 60 active members) 
and bi-monthly Shabbat dinners. 

The Shabbat dinners are held on 
Friday and have attracted up to 80 
people. The dinner signifies the 
sta rt of the Jewish sabbath. 

Ralph Gruenwald, one of the 
more active members of the UJS 
said, " Observance of the Jewish 
sabbath is a day of rest and con-
templation, and offers Jews an 
opportunity to study their culture 
and heritage." 

Coatlnued on Page 1% 

by John H. Taylor 
Editor-in-Chief 

' In a straw vote taken at 
yesterday's meeting of the UC San 
Diego Academic Senate (AS), most 
of the 86 members present favored 
a full disclosure of UC connections 
with the Central Intelligence 
Agency (CIA); and the termination 
of any relation<;hip between the 
agency and the University. 

Remember when you could buy a loaf of bread for a nickel? (n 
photo: Nathan Meyen) 

GSUtoVote 
on Union 
I Jnk-Up 

Alan Kremen AppOinted The Graduate Student Union 
(GSU) is meeting tomorrow night 
to decide the question of union 
affiliation. CalPIRG Investigation 

StiInulates Task Force Representatives from the Association of Federal, State, 
County and Municipal Employees 
and the American Federation of 
Teachers have been invited to 
attend. 

As a result of CalPIRG's recent 
investigation of local nursing 
homes, UCSD CalPIRG coor-
dinator Alan Kremen has been 
appointed to a task force in-
vestigating nursing homes 
authorized by the Board of 
Supervisors. 

Supervisor Jac~ Walsh 
recommended having a CalPIRG 
representative on the board, 
because of the group's knowledge 
of local nursing home conditions. 

The task force will hold five 
meetings,' starting tomorrow, to 
hear complaints about local 
nursing homes, investigate the 
complaints, review the criteria for 
nursing home care, and develop 
figures for the cost of such care. 

Proposals for Change 
The task force will sulnmarize 

its findings and make recom-
mendations to the Board in a 
report to be published in February, 
1976. 

According to Kremen, "the 
CatpIRG report (published last 
July) made the consumer aware of 
the nursing home issl;1e; the task 
force will make proposals for 
change." 

Kremen said that the work of the 
task force could result in such 
actions as new county standards 
for nursing homes, legislation 
regulating nursing homes, refusals 
by county agencies to renew the 
licenses of certain local homes 
and, possibly, a recommendation 
to the Governor to investigate the 
State Department of Health. 

Kremen said that CalPIRG 
found the State Department of 
Health to have failed in its public 
responsibility. "The Department 

has not insured that nursing homes 
meet federal and state regulations 
concerning homes. It's a very 
severe situation when a govern-
ment regulatory agency isn't 
taking action as it should be." 

Present Care "Unacceptable" 
That was one of four conclusions 

reached by CalPIRG researchers. 
Their report on nursing homes 
also concluded that, while local 
homes were utilizing their 
revenues well, that the level of 
care and attention they provided 
patients was " unacceptable." 

The report termed present Medi-
Cal payments as inadequate to 
provide an acceptable level of 
health care. CalPIRG researchers 
also faulted the fact that nursing 
homes underpay their nurses and 
nurses' aides in comparison to 
what hospitals pay them. and 
because of this fact, don 't attract 
well-qualified, dedicated people. 

Continued on Page 12 

The meeting will be held at 7:30 
in USB 3070. 

Mter the meeting ballots will be 
passed out. According to GSU 
media contact Dan Rosen, voting 
will consist of approval or disap-
proval of unionization, and c hoice 
of union to affiliate with, 

Only GSU members who have 
paid dues through this month can 
vote, Rosen said. 

GSU members who miss the 
meeting can vote through their 
union department representatives 
until Nov. 25. ' 

To be officially recognized as a 
union the GSU needs approval 
from the National Labor Relations 
Board which means having 50 perce~t of UC San Diego graduate 
students approving the GSU as 
their representative. 

Continued on Page 12 

ODlari Musa Speaks 
Today 
Omari Musa , Socialist Workers Candidate for the US Senate, will s peak 
here today on Revelle Plaza at noon . , 

Musa 's pla tform includes utilizi~g, defense budget mone~ to prov!de 
putting the unemployed cost of hVlng escalator clauses In all unton 
contracts, enforcing busing, and ending the US role as "World Cop." 

Musa has been involved in black liberation for the past ten yea rs. In 
1964 he helped organize civil rights sit·ins. He was a member of the 
Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee and a founder of the Afro-
American Student Union at UC Berkeley, Last year, Musa organized 
against segregation in Boston and Pasadena schools, In 1970, Musa was 
the Socialist.workers party candidate for Governor. 

Musa will also speak Thursday at a meeting for black students at 8 pm 
in the north conference room of the student center. 

With Peanut Butter and Jelly 

Captain Sticky Figh1s Evil 
by Alan Russell 

Staff Writer 

America's only practicing caped crusader spoke 
about hi& war against evil Sunday at the EI Cortez 
Hotel, site of the San Diego Comic Book Convention. 

Captain Sticky, alias Ricahrd Pesta, - 30, 
be pectacled, bearded, rather large (350 Ibs.), - Is 
not what the average person picture. as 8 super hero, 
but Sticky is "fighting evil on all fronts." 

Since he was 12, Pesta has tenned himself "socially 
conscious." During his collele years he was very 
mUch involved with civil righta and other activities, 
until they "became unproductive and antl-
American." 

He left col(ege t\> seck his fortune in business, but 
after five years, and an unbelievable success stor.y-; 
Pesta found he had to sell his business and get to-
volved with the people again. 

Pesta wanted a gimmick that would attract the 
public's eye, and finally came up with a " com-
bination of Batman-Superman-James Bond-Matt 
Helm-Henry Kissinger and Ralph Nader." 

Enter Capta in Sticky. 
Commaoder-lJI.Cblef 

Sticky, in case you didn't know, has for the last 21,2 
years been the commander-in-chief of the World 
Organization Against Evil. He said that his primary 
weapons are "truth and the press. " 

However, he backs the$e up wi\ll 10 8Wnmed 

The official vote will be taken by 
mail , with the full Senate, which 
numbers more than twice those 
present yesterday, participating. 

The straw vote tally was 53 for 
and 13 against , with 18 abstentions . 

The vote came after more than 
an hour of discussion of the 
University in relation to the CIA, 
including UCSD's participation in 
a recent conference on affirmative 
action at the CIA's West Virginia 
headquarters. 

Two UCSD administrators at-
tended that meeting , along with 
representatives from more than 50 
other US colleges and universities. 

The full resolution that will be 
included in the mail ballot to 
professors reads as follows: 

" We, the members of the UC San 
Diego division of the Academic 
Senate demand : 

1) Full disclosure of all CIA 
connections with the University of 
California , including both on- and 
off-campus projects involving UC 
personnel, funding' (of projects, of 
fa c ulty , of students ), and/or 
recruitment. 
"2) The immediate termination of 

all relations, public and covert, 
between the University of 
California and the CIA involving 
CIA funds of UC programs and all 
recruiting on U(: campuses." 

The resolution , if adapted, will 
be s cnt to the Chancellor, the Vice-
chancellors for student affairs and 
academic affairs and UC President 
Saxon, 

Three UC Campuses 
Saxon initially received a letter 

from then-director of the CIA 
William Colby. and passed it on to 
the University's assistant vice-
chan cellor for University 
relations. He in turn contacted 
student affa irs offices at Berkeley, 
Los Angeles and San Diego. 

These three campuses were 
specified by Colby as those from 
whic h the CIA wanted represen-
tatives . 

The resolution, which was 
drafted and d iscussed earlier by a 
group of professors, was presented 
at the AS meeting by literature 
professor Claudio Guillen and 
ass is tant professor her Ie 
Williams. 

Williams said it was clear 
relations between the CIA and the 
University have existed " for some 
time," and that UC should not 
support the agency either directly 
or indirectly. 

In a statem ent accompanying 
the resolution and also written by 
the group of teachers , she cited 
operations by the CIA in Latin 
American, Africa and Europe, 
adding that it " is not the role of 

Continued on Page 4 



Page 2 Wednesday, November 12, 1975 

is the Patsy in the T A Dispute? III On the Rocks 
Remember: while ' you are an 

undergraduate at He San Diego, 
everybody ha& the bighest interest 
in your education. 

Get It straight! Get it clear! Get 
it fllsl! Because you are expected 
to believe it, whether it is true or 
not. 

"Zounds! !" a character out of 
18th Century Tristram Shandy 
loudly bellows. 

" Bullshlt," Jerry Rubin 
responds quickly with a chuckle 
and a bomb. 

The Graduate Student Union 
(GSU) clamors, " We want to help 
the undergraduate . Our only 
recourse in saving education is to 
strike. " 

The GSU has been working under 
the impression that un-
dergraduates need graduates more 
than they need the un-
dergraduates. But consider that in 
the course and Professor 
evaluation . class ratings, TAs are 
almost always regarded lower 
than the professors, and most class 

letter to the Editor 

complaints revolve around sub-
standard performances by 
graduate students. 

Why isitthatTA-Iedsectionsare 
generally poorly attended? How 
many people does one know who 
unashamedly say they attend few, 
if any, oftheir sections. , 

And in my limited personal 
expericnce with T As, I found there 
were no sections which helped me 
except in the slightest. 

The TA's themselves receive the 
greater benefit from sections. 
They are the ~nes who are gaining 
practical experience for what is 
often their chosen profession. And 
sometimes the undergraduate is 
besieged by the mistakes per-
petuated by inept graduate 
students. 

Thus. throughout his life the 
undergraduate student is affected 
by the trawna of a dull and in-

. competent T A destroying Western 
Civilization whilc the graduate 
student learns from his mistakes 
and goes on for his PhD, putting to 
good use, of course, his teaching 
expericnce. 

The administration on the other 

Let's Put Hunter ina Rocket. .. 
While it is true that the speed of light is constant in all inertial frames , 

and that a man traveling at nearly the speed of ilght would indeed age 
much more slowly than the rest of us, would he still be able to collect 
social security, and if so would his increased mass make ordinary 
restaurant food prohibitive? 

The case of the twin paradox is another mental exercise which I enjoy 
to the distraction of my wife who insists I join her as together we reap the 
benefits of senility. 

Twin paradox: 
Two 12-year-old twins were recruited and one was strapped inside of a 

rocket ship that was given a velocity of one half the speed of light. After 
three years the rocket ship turns around and heads back towards earth 
with the same speed. 

It was at this point that the control twin began suffering delusions to the 
effect that the researchers were going to store him in liquid helium, thus 
saving an estimated three-year supply of onion dip. He managed to 
escape by posing as his brother but was arrested later while trying to 
proposition an abacus. 

Meanwhile. the second twin returns but is so short that he fails to 
requalify as an astronaut. He has somehow forgotten his age so the 
researchc rs are forced to saw him into sections and examine his growth 
rings. Unfortunately, he lacks even these and so the experiment fails. 

Paradox: 
If the second twin was not older than the other, why did he insist upon 

keeping both stipends inside of a chicken casserole? A habit highly 
commensurate with maturity. 

Solutions posted outside my office. 

hand, with the dignity expected of 
its psuedo-exalted position, . says, 
" We want to help the un-
dergraduate,"as they sweep the 
Brueckner aHair under that oft-
used rug. 

People obviously angry about the 
quality of teaching on campus have 
been critiziced for merely wanting 
to see some Improvement. 

I walk across Lafayette Park. A wann, mellow day, maybe the last this 
year. Flags buhched on lampstands .for Egyptian President Anwar 
Sadat's visit. Fountains play prettily; beds of chrysanthemums, yellow 
as butter, but wilting; cirrus clouds aloft. 

On the White House grounds, cameramen with equipment loll on the 
slope by the executive wing, ready to interview anybody who comes out. 
Anybody will do in this excitement. 

Inside, Press Secretary Ron Nessen holds an unannounced press 
briefing. The staH hands out photostats of the Vice-president's won 't·run 
letter, delivered il) person minutes before. Ron refers questions to the 

The administration workj! hard "President's press conference;" (so he's holding one! ) at 7 :30 tonight. 
to generate the impression tha.t it is Ron puts on an act of humorous relaxed negligence while 50 slavering 
concerned about quality education, reporters cry questions. Ron rocks his tilted chair with right foot against 
not ttrough actually seeking good table. 
tcachers, but through hiring big Asked .about Schlesinger's departure, " We haven't announced that 
names f rom big institutions. If the Schlesinger's going," Ron snaps. 
professor is a stimulating teacher, " But he aMounced it himself," somebody cries. 
that is good, but not cruciaL Very Ron does pretty well; controls his temper. "A long time since I 've seen 
oftcn. however, quality is deter- the President in such a good mood," he volunteers. Like pigeons grabbing 
mined by the nwnber of books an a crumb. reporters try to squeeze nuances out of this. 
indi'vidual has written or the "How could he be ina 'good mood ' with all this happening?" 
number . of prestigious awards he " All what happening?" asks Ron helpfully. 
has received . So now it is 7:30 - time for the President. The President strides into the 

What is the reality of education East Room acting his new, dominant, every-inch-a-president role. He 
at UCSD? Was this institution built . stops between questions to raeiate confidence. He goes through the new 
to further the cause of graduate cabinet names. The shifts _- " I did it totally on my own. It was my 
education and research? Is it true decision ." 
that many students are unsatisfied Again and again he says he has wanted his own team: "These are my 
with the status of the lowly un- guys· the ones that I wanted." As questions volley, TV listeners hear 
dcrgraduate? Why are professors Sarah McClendon's voice rising unsuccessfully for recognition in a kind 
who are good teachers often of off-stage accompaniment. John Osborne of the New Republic asks the 
plagued with difficulties In gaining fi nal question: " Are you saying, and intending to be understood to say, 
official acceptance through the that neither personal nor policy differences between Dr. Kissinger and 
monster known as tenure? Mr. Schlesinger contributed to this change?" Answer (firmly) : " That is 

Too often these questions a~e correct." Voice! " Thank you Mr. Presiden~. " 
asked and too of~n they re~m There is nobody in the East Room, I think, who believes that last an-
ignored. There IS the feehng swer. 
shared by many undergraduates So now where are we? This episode was handled as badly, I suppose, as 
that UCSD wasn't designed with any recent one in White House history. There was a kind of brutal in-
them in mind. competence that is awe-inspiring. It was plaMed to let the cats out of the 

In fact, it is mindboggling that bag gradually, one at a time, but a mysterious leak ripped the bl!g open 
there hasn't been a more active and sent them scattering at once . 
effort to protest the impersonal We now know that Rocky had already told the non-protesting President 
atmosphere and the low status of that he wouldn't run on Tuesday, Oct. 28. When he fenced . in ABC's 
the undergraduate. For years " Issues and Answers" the following Sunday about conservative efforts to 
parents have been secure that the " dump him," he had already withdrawn. 

'Continued on Page 12 What humiliation he suffered. He made groveling conservative 

More Strebel: 

'Drive Out 
• I 

Money-
Changers' 

Donald E. Strebel 

A public comment on the ab-
sences and travels of professors 
violates the taboos of the academic 
establishment. Just the same, the 
abuses outlined in the report on the 

speeches to implacable Goldwater-Reagan fund raising dinners in the 
South; he sold only one idea to the President - the $100 billion Energy 
Independence Authority - over the opposition of Treasury Secretary 
Simon, which has now sunk with no more trace than a WIN button; he 
broke with e Administration finally over sah7aging New York City and 
was then told of Ford's forthcoming National Press Club Speech Oct. 29 
(written by Secretary Simon and echoing Simon's vindictive, Calvinistic 
attack on the erring city's profligacy). That did ·it. Rocky told the 
President of his decision to quit Oct. 28, the day before the delivery of the 
speech. 

Simon's name hardly appears in accounts of last week's massacre yet 
it has left him and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger the two towering 
advisers of Ford, one on economics, one on foreign policy. Schlesinger 
opposed Kissinger - he's out; Rocky opposed Simon - he's out. 

Cartoon to the Editor 

GSU 

J . HUNTER Brueckner affair make it clear that 
it is time for the University 
Community to discuss such sub-
jects openly. We must hope that the 
Faculty is able to accept comment 
on this subject in the mature 
manner cogently discussed by 
Professor Piccioni (IT, October 
31 ), rather than ·childishly 
resorting to unfounded accusations 
of conducting an "appalling 
campaign" of " personal abuse" 
(e.g. letter by Physics Depart-
ment's "21 Club," IT, October 24) . 

Did they do this themselves ? No, I don't think so. Rocky's position was 
clearly untenable ~ he let himself out. Schlesinger had over-played his 
hand ; " deep, savage and arbitrary cuts," he told a press conference 
assailing reductions by the House Appropriations Committee. You don't 
talk that way about House committees. And to his apparently complete 
surprise he was called into the White House, offered an alternative 
courtesy-post and, on refusal, asked to depart. 

His sin, so far-right Mississippi GOP chairman Clarke Reed puts it, was 
" detente deviationism." 

In this Byzantine atmosphere, many attribute Schlesinger's departure 
to Kissinger, but it is more likely the work of ambitious, devious"white 
House chief of staff Donald Rumsfeld, who now becomes Secretary of 
Defense (a position for which he seems to have few, if any, technical 
qualifications). . 

So what is the Simon· Kissinger relationship - the men who, more than 
anybody, now guide Ford? They respect each other; they are close 
personal friends . They meet once or twice a week, first alone, then with 
staffs. They discuss foreign economic policy . Simon wanted to take a 
tough line to OPEC, Kissinger woultbl't; Simon opposed international 
commodity agreements to aid poor countries (he fanatically supports 
frce markets) ; Kissinger disagreed. 

, , • .I. 

t I. 'I •••• 'i ••• "" \"', 

-

A'4M,'(l t' s t r~ f /t 11. 

/ 

MIKEELCAN 

Professor Brueckner has been 
singled out in previous discussions 
because he provides the most 
visible and well documented 
example of a pattern of behavior 
which is rife among UCSD 
"educators," There is ~little 
question that he has been almost as 
badly victimized by Science 4B and 
the ensuing discussion as the 
students who were shafted by his 
performance. In his case, however, 
this was a consequence of taking 
unfair advantage of the " laissez 
faire" policies on educational 
responsibilities which he himself 
helped to establish many years 
ago. 

In particular, the report of VICe 
Chancellor Saltman's in-
vestigating committee points to the 
"situation in which there is no 
accepted policy governing the 
granting of leaves to members of 
the faculty ." The committee states 
its belief that " the direct and i~ 
direct effects of these leaves upon 
instruction are serious," and that 
this situation " lends itself to 
multiple abuses." 

• 1 ., 'I' 
, . Cootiaued on Page II 

. .. lll'!' . I. If I 
'. ., • • • ~ •• a _ .... ... . . .. . . 

More often they a gree, however, and presently they agree on one thing : 
that probably Rumsfield engineered the big switch; it has left both men 
doubtful. It is said that William Simon is the only Cabinet officer Henry 
trusts . 

It seems to this observer that Ford's administration is unraveling. His 
precious asset of candor is challenged. His obsession with outflanking 
Ronald Reagan first seemed naive, then unseemly, then self-destructive . 
He does not give evidence of being in control. Two high-level members of 
his campaign organization have resigned - the finance chainnan and the 
political organizer. In the cabinet, Schlesinger is fired and the Vice-
prcsident bows out. A dozen Senate Republican moderates call on him to 
inject a note of compassion into his partisan out-of-town speeches; some 
of thc mosl banal speeches, incidentally, that any modem President has 
delivered . His attack on New York City has overtones of regional 
demagoguery, whatever the justice of the Indictment, and his denial of 
dangcr in the situation is frightening. Ford's chances of nomination, we 
think, have sagged. 

T .... Triton Times is r.cognized by Ih. Communicalions Board of UCSD 01 .... 
officio I slud.nt n.wapaper. Publicalion is on Mondays, Wednesdoyl and 
Frodays during the r.gulor school y80f '.ocepl on offlclol holidoya). Edlloriol 
ond bu.inell offic.s or. located In 117 Blak. Hall on ,he R .... lie Col.., 
com pus, Uni •• rslty of California, Son Diego. 

l.".r, to the Editor and opinion columns or. w.lcomed. All subml.1onS 
shou ld be typed on a 74·apac. lin. on nonerosabl. poper. They should nol 
•• eaed Ihr.a pag .. tn langth daubl.-lpOCed. The 1rllon TI .... __ ,he 
right to edillUbm ISllonl becau .. of spac:a limitations or l'Vie requl .. ....,.1I. 

For editorial, call 452·3466; for bUllnesl Ond dioploy odvertl--'II, coN 
4~2·:J.468 . , 

r- I 't·, . ,';. " • j If " 
" , ' j . 

Wednesday, November 12,1975 
Page 3 

Abortion: a Woman's 
Body is Her Own Ah i msa: the Path to World Peace 

By MartiD Radwla • 

After a rather long absence, the issue of abortion has once again hit the 
UCSD campus. The rtght of a woman to have an abortion has been at-
tacked by several individuals and defended by several others. 

Those who believe that abortion should be illegal have argued that the 
fetus is a human being from the moment of conception, that as a human 
being it has a "right to life," and that consequently to take its life through 
abortion is an act of murder. At the ' same time, proponents of legal 
abortion have argued that the fetus is not human until it has .been born, 
that whether or not the fetus is human is an ethical question that each 
woman should have a right to decide for herself, and that even if a woman 
gives up her baby for adoption, it is extremely inconvenient and painful 
ior her to have to endure the entire experience of childbirth. 

Let us first consider this last set-of arguments, in favor of legalized 
abortion. The first assertion, that the fetus is not human until it has been 
born, is essentially a matter of definition; if a human being is defined as a 
fetus after it has been born, then it is tautologically correct, but then what 
is the justification for applying this definition as a criterion of whether or 
not an organism has a right to life? 

The second assertion can be countered by the parallel argwnent that 
whether or not a baby that has already been born is human is an ethical 
question that each woman should also have a right to decide for herself 
and that if she decides that it is not, she has a right to murder it. If thi~ 
last is rejected, why is the question an ethical absolute in the latter in-
stance and purely ethically subjective in the fonner? The last assertion 
(which I call the argument from expediency) may be attacked on the 
same grounds. If a baby imposes great hardship and suffering on a 
woman after it has been born, if it imposes further hardships that 
threaten to destroy an already troubled marriage (and this happens very 
very often), is the mother justified in taking its life? ' 

by Daniel Sbawler 

In spite of what has been 
proclaimed at the Strategic Anns 
Limitation Talks, there has been a 
rapid buildup of weapons, both 
nuclear and non-nuclear, in both 
the US and the USSR. 

Unless these follies stop, the 
world· seems to be headed into 
nuclear extinction. 

Politicians have preached this 
for years, but, without exception, 
they have done nothing about it 
because " there is no viable 
alternative." They can see no 
alternative other than defeat at the 
hands of the enemy. 

There is an alternative, though, 
that has never been known to fail 
through an Internal fault. It is the 
nonviolent alternative, also called 
satyagraha or ahimsa. 

There is no such thing as defeat 
in ahimsa . As Mahatma Gandh'i 
said, "Ahirnsa is the supreme law. 
During my haH century of ex-
perience I have not yet come' 
across a situation when Iliad to say 
that I was helpless, that I had no 
remedy In tenns of ahim$8." 

of the opponents. Gandhi said, " In 
the dictionary of Satyahraha, there 
is no enemy." 

One of the most illustrative and 
instructive uses of satyagraha is 
the Montgomery bus boycott in . 
1955-56. Led by Martin Luther King 
Jr .• and using the principles for-
mulated by Gandhi, the boycott 
began on Dec. I, 1955, when Rosa 
Parks was arrested for refusing to 
relinquish her seat to a white male 

which only added fuel to the fire. 
On Feb. 21, 1956, many blacks 
including King and Ralph Aber-
nathy voluntarily turned them-
selves in for indictment. Those 
whose names were not on the in-
dictment list went home disap-
pointed, and those whose names 
were on the list went to jail. 

On Dec. 20, 1956, the buses, under 
a federal court order, became 
integrated. The original demands 

Let us now examine the argument of the anti-!Ibortionists that in 
aborti~ a fetus, a woman in violating a human 'being's right to life in ah 
act eqUivalent to murder. Suppose that an Individual returns home one 
evening and finds that his house has been broken into by another in-
dividual, who is relaxing leisurely on his couch and eating his food. As he 
is about to throw the Intruder out, the intruder informs him that this 
would constitute a violation of his right to life, since in order to live he 
req uires food, shelter, and many other values that the house has to offer. 
This rather silly example is intended to illustrate that the right to life can 
only meaningfully refer to an individual's right not to be subjected to 
phys ical violence against his person and property, or against the sphere 
of his freedom of action, which enables him to swing his arm as far as his 
nelghbor:s nose; it ca~ot 10gi.l!ally entail the right to be provided by 
others With the necessIties of life , or to exist parasitically at their ex-
pense. 

Many equate ahimsa with 
passivity because of the label 
"passive resistance," but ahimsa 
is definitely not passive. As in 
violent resistance, satyagraha (the 
words mean "love-force" ) implies 
a willingness to give your life for a 
cause, but unlike violence, ahimsa 
does not imply a willingness to take 
a life for a cause. 

Mahatma Gandhi 

The object of violence is to 
remove opposition through the 
destruction of the opponents. The 
object of ahirnsa is to remove 
opposition through the conversion 

passenger. 90% of the bus com-
pany's business was black, and for 
over a year, the buses ran 90% 
empty. 

The boycott was an 
unequivocable success despite the 
efforts of the Montgomery city 
fathers. Many assinine laws. such 
as the banning of car pools, and 
raiSing the price of taxis, were 
passed in an attempt to thwart the 
boycott . When these failed , the city 
passed a law prohibiting boycotts, 

of the black community had been 
met without compromise. 

This reprt!sents only a fraction of 
the power behind satygraha. 
Ahimsa can know no defeat, even 
in the face of nuclear weaponry, 
for you must remember that 
governments rule only with the 
consent of those governed. When 
consent is withdrawn through 
satygraha, the goverrunent must 
fall and give rise to a new govern-
ment. Yet, this is how the fetus does exist, using its mother's body to supply 

all of its external physical needs, getting its food and oxygen and 
eliminating its wastes through the mother, and living in the mother's 
uterus as it grows. If the mother does not have a right to remove the fetus 
from her .body through an abo.rtion, then she does not have a right to her 
body, which becomes a domam upon which the fetus has first claim as 

Prof Links Brain Problems, Poor Nutrition 
does the intruder upon the house. ' 

This is not to say that the fetus is ethically equivalent to the 1Otruder; . 
this is an absurdity. The fetus did not choose to occupy the mother's body, 
and in fact came into existence as a result of the mother's action. But the 

~ssue ~nvolved is one of sovereignty over one's life and property, not the 
mtentlOn either of the intruder or of the fetus, and if it is so important that 
a woman have ownership of her home, how much more important is it 
that she ha ve ownership of her body? 

This, then, is the justification for a woman having an abortion, not the 
allegation that the fetus is not human, or that the detennination of 
whether or not it is human is purely subjective, or that it is expedient to 
the woman. Indeed, the anti-abortionists have, I think, rightly pointed out 
that any such criterion as to whether or when the fetus is a human being is 
necessarily arbitrary and lacking in any scientific foundation. 

More than two million children in 
the United States are in serious 
danger of inadequate brain 
development because of poor 
nutrition , according to Dr. Robert 
Livingston, professor of 
neurosciences at the UC San Diego 
Medical School. 

Livingston made the remark 
during his talk last week before the 
annual meeting of the Society for 
Neuroscience in New York City. 

"Strong statistical evidence" 
collected by researchers at UCSD 
and UC Berkeley seem to leave 
little room for error in the figure, 
according to Livingston. 

A woman has a right to have an abortion, not because the fetus is not 
hu~an, .but because her body belong. to her. The .fetus' right to life as "This serious developmental 
defmed m the above sense doe!! not give it a right to the sustenanct'. of the problem," he said, "is attributable 
mother against the mother's will and does not give it a claim upon the to insufficient nourishment, which 
mother's body, so the concept as applied to a fetus is neither very in tum is associated with low 
meaningful nor very useful. . family income." 
. The e~rtence of a woman being forced to bear a child against her will ' Livingston points out that studies 
ts closest 10 essence to that of slavery. For the duration of the experience, have shown that many individuals 
her body has been declared property of the state, and she has suffered an living below the poverty level 
inestimable loss of control over her own life. demonstrate serious chemical 

deficiencies that result from 
chronic malnutrition. 

A surprising finding of the study, 
reports Livingston, is that " Infants 
and childreri living below the 
poverty level of income have, In 
the aggregate, unexpectedly small 
head circumferences. II 

DimiDisbed Brain Volumes 
"This is strong preswnptive 

evidence for diminished brain 
volumes," he said. " Indeed, the 
head circumferences in this 
population are so small that the 
likelihood of their constitt'~ :ng a 
normal population is less than one 
in a million." 

Children from the socio-
economically deprived population 
have an average brain volwne of 
approximately 125 grarraS (about a 
quarter of a pound) less than the 
brain volume of the average 
population of children which is a 
"conspicuous brain defecit," said 
Livingston. 

This is perhaps the most humiliating aspect of being raped, this 
complete loss of control suffered by the victim and the violation of the 

vi~tim's autonomy as a human being. The experience of a woman's body 
be ing used against her will to bear an unwanted child is perhaps an even 
more vicious form of rape, in which the woman is morally as well as 
physically disarmed against an assailant that is not a man but a system 
of two-bit bureaucrats and judges and ministers declaring that they are 
merely interpreting and enforcing God's will on earth al)d "deserving" 
step·parents waiting to inherit a child born at the price of her agony. 

• rl.oll •• DJ(~ 

How might a woman with a life to live and a passionate desire to live £ f~el after learning that she is pregnant, that the next seven months of her 
Itfe will have to be reoriented along the lines of a plan not her own and 
~crificed to the welfare of the fetus? How might she feel after being 
InfOrmed that she Is no longer a free agent but a custodian for society of 
One of its future members? I know how I wouJd feel. I would seek to 
destroy the fetus _ prbIdpIe, to wipe It out of aiatence al my reply to 
those who dare leek to enslave me and to claim ownenhlp 01 my body and 
my life. 

The only factor that a woman should consider In deciding whether or 
not to have an abortion is her own happlness and well-bel •. ThIs Is to 
c°henstder, In the full context 01 her own life, the price of her decisliln and 
W ther or not she Is wtWnc to pay it. . .. .. . tI 

Mark Woelber 
Maugtac editor 

Marl StIIdler 
Newsedlter 

Crall Ucldda 
Opiaf.a editor 

s.raJ. Lowell 
eommallHy editor 

Dave Elsea 
Sports editor 

t • , ,1 I .. I , I , 

. UC San Dieao 

Joim H. Taylor 
Edttor-ID-cltlef 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

ADDeUebier 
Copy editor 

Rid!; Rodewald 
Buslaell MaUler 

Da.ISbawler 
Arts editor 

TIId Sperry 
Photo ecUto.r 

WeadyEa,1e 
Offke ma .. ,er 

These findings have nothing to do 
with nonnal populations of race, 
stresses Livingston. The dif-
ference in brain size is in-
significant under normal 
nutritional situations, he said. 

Intelligence quotients, he noted, 
are not related to brain size. 

Evidence linking intelligence to 
nutrition is still incomplete but the 
deprivation could mean that these 
children may be losing some of 
their genetic potential, according 
to Livingston. 

Calculators !! 
Calculalors. HP21·S9f . HP22·$155. 
HP25· S182. SA5QA.$9, . SR5IA.SI35. 
F 'Ye day delivery t It model. new. 
Carry fuU year guarar tee. and Include 
all standard acoossorie.· Send check or 
COD request (for COD aa~ $21 ptus 6% 
to. to Cheap Calculalor Con:oany. 636 
Fourth SI . Davi •. CA 956Ib. If not 
satisfied. return wilhln 15 days for full 
refum (It /101 

w.-
$140 

'rIYIIA Pilot Licen. 
(fncluclMl 

' 3!i Hrs . FIring 
• . nl1Ncllon 

G 
Palom.FUght 
T_ .. Center 
L_IorP._. 
"Ir .. mc. .... 

V"lFAAA...,,-
Jorgea Kaadlea 

U8-4tI'7 or 
nf.4'" 

13 



Paj(e4 

Charll. Hllmler 

mt' and hank down at the bar. thursday evening following a wet rainy 
afternoon that'd turn even rita hay worth back on her heels and into the 
soft lush of a cab. can never keep up with either hank's drinking or his 
mouth. tonite both are in full gear. 

" down at the station they's got the whole whing forma ted into this 
stupid pink dial on orange construction paper with all the lists of songs 
that even my eight-year-old nephew wouldn't listen to even if it cam~ to 
a choice between that and math, even cleaning the dishes . there are no 
brains left in radio , except for one and he's getting fired end of the week." 

" then quit if it's so bad." i know, you know, this ain't ganna ' shut the 
sonabitch up until he's fucked over the whole world and left with won-
dering why women don't love him anymore. it's easy, i'd tell him when he 
ask, you've gove nothing to give ' em, cowboy. 

" those ball buster do NOT have it wired." he's on his second favorite 
subject. "Alice doesn 't does not s ince she only did when '01 Kristofferson, 
that helipilot turkey, thrust his bluejeans into the cafe, hell , he didn't even 
OWN a truck until he got outta' the army, and anybody that takes three 
months to get from phoenix to monterey could only do it with 
womanlogic. Alice doesn't aUright. " 

hank's getting loud now and i try to quiet him down. after a spurt he 
curls back into himself for the rest of the night but it 's just getting him to 
tha t point that is the CLUTCH of the situation and i only do it for the 
protection of the guy because even tho he is definitely aod without further 
a dieu an asswhole he has his lovers and you owe a few moments to the 
love rs, moments without the regular bumps and grusUes. so i let hank 
ta lk and talk he does and he smiles a nd takes the stage when he thinks 
someone's listening but i know they just wa nt to see the drunk cause 
drunk's are funny and they confirm that the marriage and the porsche 
a nd the beneficia ries of the profess ional life are worth the heavy feeling 
following medium ra re prime cut. " we're eatin on the fourth trophic level 
this evening" ha nk proudly announced . " they feed human ' aborted 
fetuses to these cattle" follows in a low whisper. 

re-fill and hank loses the onery look. here in the coast don't no so bad 
about fights and thrown into the mirror a nd bottles but can' t take no 
chances. whisper to the bargrinder to do 'em double. 

" been do in' 'em past half-hour. MY dough invested in this place" says 
his wink. ' 

waitress comes over. she makes you wish hawaiin shirts no-body wore 
because her's yessir. the waitress says: you know what she says. 

hank says: sure, do it. could i have some more cherries? 
hawaiin shirt disappea rs. the ice reappears. the waitress hawa iin 

comes back with a bowl of marachinos. a whole bowl. the table rises 
above hank . 

"i'm in love i'm gonna mar ry thank girl ask her over here Pm gonna 
pop the question and she'll say yes because she 'll realize i of course am 
not drunk just just acheiving that higher state of coherency both menta l 
a nd expressible which become readily clear to her after hearing my 
sworn test ies-monies of my undearing love for her in a ll the elevated 
artform of her chosen profession of BARPE RSON a nd if she's gonna put 
her cherries on my table i wanna put my desert in her lap. we didn't even 
HA VE a goddam dinner, did we?" 

" no hank, no. " 
" shucks, no dinner." 
hank rcalizes how bad it's gonna feel tomorrow morning. he didn't have 

to remind m e. i knew it a n hour ago wretching really s tarts to hurt now. it 
goes way past what's coming up. medical attention. medical attention is 
what all the psa's and pamphlet's say . but medical attention it a in't free, 
no way. so it's buckling over in the morning, cripple at night, a look at the 
insides be a terrible sight. 

hawaiin shirt's back. deposits another bowlfull of cherries on the table. 
removes the empty glasses. tablefull. 

hank pocket s the cherries. on the wa y up is a dolla r . a $ for hawaiin 
shi rt. a $ for her cherries. hank 'd done it. i watched. both smiled. and 
somehow the wretching was worth it . 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Important reminder to Eucation 

Abroad applicants for the United 
K in gdom and Ireland : ap -
pi icant ians are due November 14. 
Th is deadline must be met. 

Order are now be,ng token for 
the 1974·75 CRC Handbook of 
Chem istry and Physics. Originally 
$30 now $10.45 (postage and 
handling included). Contact MtJry 
Chen 453·9434 or sign up on sheet 
in Argo 406. Deadline for order and 
money is toma' row, November 13. 

Don't forg!}I. .. 1 ive mus ic, 
ton ight, as ev~ ry'wednesday night , 
in the Reve lle Side Door. 

The Food (oap will be holding 
elections for new adv,sory com· 
mittee memb ~rs and paid officers 

tomorrow at 7 pm i n the student 
center lounge. Everyone is 
welcome to attend. All food coop 
personne l who have worked 10 or 
more hours th is quarter, please 
come and exercise your voting 
privileges. 

The Putman Exam · a challenging 
mathematical competillan - will be 
held this year on December 6. If 
,n terested contact l. A . Campbell 
7230 APM or X 2625. 

There will be a poetry reoding 
feoturing linda Brown and Bobbie 
B,shop In the Loft Bookstore, 935 
S,xth Ave. In Son Diego, upstairs 
two doors south o f Broadway. The 
event will begin ot 7:30 pm . 

Dvnct'~ .., · 5; I . 

• rliull ilIIK'S Wednesday, November 12, 1975 
The Fourth Reporter 

Allocating Limited Funds Fairly 
by Margie Lee 
Staff Writer 

Though the various college 
residence boards do not allocate 
large sums of money like the 
Registration Fee Conunittee or the 
Budget/Resources Group (BRG ) 
does, they are nonetheless faced 
with the same problem: how to 
best allocate a reduced number of 
dollars in an equita ble and efficient 
manner. 

The major source of money for 
the Fourth College Residence 
Board, [or example, is a $6 activity 
fee, which is part of the room and 
board charge. 

Recently the Fourth Res Board 
met to decide how to allocate their 

funds. This year the board has 
$1776. . 

One of the issues discussed was 
whether the money should be given 
to the program board. 

Those in favor of giving away 
half of the money felt that tlie 
program board would be able to 
sponsor better events with the 
additional funds. 

Those in favor of keeping the 
money in the various halls felt that 
there were other means for the 
program board to Obtain additional 
funds if it needed them. If kept in 
the halls the money could be used 
for parties and barbeques or to 
subscribe to newspapers and 
magazines. 

Although a final vote hasn't been 

taken, the consensus seems to 
favor letting the halls handle their 
own affairs. 

No Saturday Mall 
One student complaint was that 

they received no mail on Saturday. 
The matter is now being in-
vestigated. 

Students also voiced disapproval 
of the present meal plan, As it 
stands now students pay for 19 
meals each week. An option of ten 
or 15 meals was suggested as few 
students fully use the 19-meal plan. 

The possibility of forming a 
Fourth College Judiciary Com· 
mittee was also discussed briefly. 
A system similiar to that at Mui r 
has been proposed, though nothing 
definite has been established. 

Coop Votes to Support GSU 
by Ken Stlpanov 

Staff Writer 

The Student Cooperative (Coop) 
voted 36 to 2 Monday night to 
support the Graduate Student 
Union (GSU) work stoppage 
planned for next week. 

The Coop also voted to urge " all 
undergraduate TAs and a ll 
students to honor GSU picket lines 
during the upcoming work sto~ 
page." 

Voting followed a presentation 
and a ppeal for support by a 
representative of the GSU. 

Election Results 
The Coop elected members of the 

Cha irpersons Pool and 
re presentatives to the 
Budget/Resources Group (BRG ) 
after much debate over election 
procedure that included the defeat 
of a motion to use secret ballots in 
the ejection. 

Garrett Greuner, Cookie 
Mahoney, Steve Switala, Ruth 
Quirk and Ron Green were elected 
to the Chairpersons Pool. 

Elected as Coop representatives 
to the BRG were Christopher 

Lauria, Cecilia Lauria , Monty 
Reed and Anna Vallez. 

The Coop voted to require 
chairpersons to attend the Coop 
meeting immediately preceeding 
the one whidl they are to chair. 
Proponents of the meas ure 
asserted that this practice would 
add to the continuity of the 
meetings. 

AS ••• 
ed ucators" to involve the 
university in the kinds of policies 
the CIA exercise·s. She added that 
the CIA is attempting to turn 
blacks and Chicanos against the 
Third World. 

Williams and other Senate 
members referred several times to 
the disclosures of the Senate 
Intelligence Committee, chaired 
by Sen . Frank Church, 

Vice-chancellor and Dean of 
Studept Mfairs George Murphy, 
who received the letter from the 
University administration, told the 
AS he asked Assistant Vice-
chancellor Raymond Dye - wbo 
works on student affirmative 

BRG budl(et recommendations 
of $61.10 for the Disabled Students 
Union, $25 for Students Active 
Toward Community Hea lth 
(SATCH ) speakers and $210 for 
SATCH operating expenses were 
approved by the Coop. 

Fifty people attended the 
meeting. 

action -- and Third College 
academic counselor Rowena Reno 
to attend the conference, 

Murpby said he did not think he 
s hould refuse students op· 

, portunities to join any organization 
that offers chances for minority 
recruitment. 

Later, be was asked to outline 
UCSD's policy on recruitment on 
campus , which was passed in a 
student referendum in May, 1969. 

The AS has never taken a 
position on the policy. 

"Spurious" 
The policy allowed orga,nizations 

that offer " lawful, gainful em· 
ployment" that does not 
discriminate against any ethnics, 

CoatiDued 011 Pale 1. 
Bogus Commuter Decal Users Prosecuted 

by Alan Russell 
Staff Writer 

"We have a responsibility to the 
students, faculty, staff and parking 
service," says Murray Penhollow, 
a UC San Diego detective. 
" Thieves will be prosecuted." 

Penhollow spoke .in reference to 
the growing number of commuter 
parking tickets stolen from cars . 

Already this school year , 33 
decals have been reported stolen. 
F ive of these have been recovered. 

Complaints registered against 
individua ls found with the stolen 
parking stickers have resulted in 
prosecution under penal code 484 -
petty theft. 

Parking Sticker Theft 
To link a person with a stolen 

decal, only a photograph of the 
decal on the subject in question's 
ca r, a nd proof that he uses it, is 
needed. 

People cla iming they " just 
found" the parking stickers can be 
prosecuted under penal code 485 -
theft of lost property - unless he 
has made substantial efforts to find 
the owner. 

Penhollow advised future lLX'r~ 
of commuter parking decals not to 
place them on top of the stickers 
from previous years, a s this makes 
removal easier. 

" 

When 
and 

Where 

Commuters should also know, 
says the detective, that there have 
been many thefts of valuables 
inside the car, with tape decks and 
ste reos the most common losses. 

Bike Theft 
Another item that is often stolen 

from campus is the speed bicycle . 
UCSD police theorize that bolt 
cutte rs, carried under a coat or in a 
bag, a re being used to snap bike 
locks. 

The thieves then probably ride 
the bicycles away to a van. The 
police think the bikes are taken to 
pla ces like Los Angeles, where 
they are sold. 

People spotting any suspicious 
activity, says Penhollow, should 
dial HELP (4357), or, from off-
campus, 452-HELP. Penhollow 

noted that most complaints and 
arrests have resulted from 
s tudents, faculty , or staff alerting 
the campus police. 

One useful form of crime 
prevention that can be taken by 
any UCSD student involves the 
etching machines found at the 
UCSD police station on Matthews 
campus. These machines can be 
checked out and used to engrave an 
individual's driver 's license and 
other important information on 
valuables. 

Penhollow said that there is "no 
comparison" to the number of 
stolen goods recovered and 
returned to the owner who had 
them engraved. 

Besides that, any thief is wary of 
stealing such identifiable objects, 
he added . 

HANSEN SURFBOARDS 
of E'ncinitas 

Skiing, Surfing, Backpacking, Tennis 
Open everyday : Wed, Thurs, Fr i., tiI 9 :00 pm. 

TUITION $40,00 ENROLL NOWI 
Sunday, November 23rd 
Unlv. of San Diego 
Law School- R9O"' ,?A 
San Diego 

For more Info., 
plea .. call us M 
(714) 239 ....... 3 

Wednesday, November 12; 1975 • rl.u .... Jill'S 
.. 

Impressionist Collection at Mandeville Truly Rewarding 
by Loring Spitler 

Staff Writer 
A. portion of the UC San Diego collection of art is on exhibit in the Mandeville Gallery 

un!11 !'Jov. 25, 12 to 5 p.m. daily. The d~play represents less than half of the collection, 

betray the style you iden~i fy as "Munch. II The paintings of Utrillo bring life to the 
th?usan~ ~f hiS repr?<,uctions that you have seen. A sedate selection of Bonnard's pieces 
re i nforce his reput.atlOn as one of the lesser known greats. 

.The pl~c~d sttll hf~ by Renoir br~eds a ~ental longing for more of his restive images. pamtmg that comes mostly from the Impressionist era. 
Upon entering the .gallery one is immediately drawn to the single Monet, undoubtedly 

the m~t v~luable Plec~ present~ .(to the affect that it is the one painting there that 
would I~plre me to bUl.ld an addition to my house in which to enshrine it) ; its color, 
compOSitIOn and techruque most ably. present the essence of the Impressionist 

Plssarro s Intensely Invol,ved techmque behes the cohesive tranquility of the whole. 
. And on and on you go through Cezanne, Derain, Vulliard and others. It would be dif-

fICult to a bsorb It all durin/! one visit. 

movement. 
,Mter that magnificent introduc~ion , the v.iewer (both expert and browser) cannot help 

but. to e mbark u~n a label reading expedition. This practice of reading the titles and 
artists before looki.ng at the works is irresistible , legitimate and recommended because 

~ t prepa~es your mmd fO.r t~ treat ~at it is to experience when it feels its long-neglected 
u~tructlOn In .art appreciation come mto the living presence of these pa intings . 

Although it might h~ve ~n a bit.crass, it would ~ave been sufficient tohave publicized 
thiS show by ann~unclng UCSD Displays $500,000 III rmpressionist Paintings," because 
none of us are bhnd e nough l? igno~e the fact that the money merely reflects the real 

valu~s of the collection : the mtanglble rewards of harmonic beauty, aesthetics com-
mumcated across the decades, the generation of inner tranquili ty, the pride a nd ad-
mlr~tl on of the human mind 's ageless efforts to transcend, mundane reality and the 
myrIads of other wonders . 

Under the tnfluence of this quick review of names, the works of Munch undenia bly The c~lIection belo~gs to the University, but once you have expericnced this exhibition, UCSD WIll never again be the sole proprietor. 

"Duchess of Malfi" Worth It Despite Problems 

WINTER TRAVEL for UCSD 
contact : Bill Keller , SSW Trave l Office 

UCSD Internat ional Center 
452-0630 " am - 4 pm Mon .• Wed. , Fr i. 

Space still available 
NEW YORK CHARTER $209 
MAZATLAN CAMPING $139 
CE~TRAL AMERICA 3 wks $479 

by Deborah Weber 
Staff Writer 

Bertholt Brecht's adaptation of 
the Webster play, " The Duchess of 
Malfi" was presented Friday night 
by the San Diego Repertory 
Players in the Mandeville Center. 
The performance in itself was 
better than average, but a few 
tec hnical problems detracted from 
the presentation. 

The simplistic setting was good 
in keeping scene change problems 
to a minimum, and in freeing the 
eyes from an attempt to take in the 
scenery. The white sheet back-
drop, .uniform costwnes, and 
minimum of properties helped to 
keep the audience 's concentra tion 

'Un the play itself. 
The play was well-written, and 

!!!!!!!!.. Records 

liberally sprinkled with satire a nd 
is:muendoes. The number of deaths, 
eight by my count, was charac-
teristic of the period in which the 
play occ urred, the s ixteenth 
century. One of the technical 
problems turned up in these death 
scenes. It was almost impossible to 
hear the important dying words. 
The lines were spoken, amidst 
choking, , to the f1.oor and were for 
all intents and purposes lost. 
Otherwise, the lines were delivered 
very weU. 

The staging, however ,left a lot to 
be desired. Most of the action took 
place downstage and on the floor. 
The fourth row 'had to strain their 
necks, the fifth had to raise up a 
bit , the eighth stood up to see, and 
I, sitting in the very back, was 

totally unable to see. It would have 
been much better presented in the 
ro~nd . Such a play was admirably 
swted to a production in the round 
and if so presented would hav~ 
allowed the players a maximum of 
freedom in movement, and would 
have permitted the audience to 
view the playas if they were there 
in the room. ' 

Even so, the a udience was 
wrapped up in the play, intent on 
the s tory and was ve ry ap-
preciative of the subtle satire. 
Francine Lembi played a con-
vincing Duchess, and Bernard 
Baldan was excellent in his role as 
he r violent brother. The audience 
enjoyed them a nd their supporting 
cast. The play was worth seeing 
despi te the problems. ' 

Blatant Captial ism 
By Daniel Sha wler 

Arts EdItor 
(wha t else?) "Streetwalkers. II 
Lcd by Charlie Whitney and Roger 
Cha pma n, formerly of Family (of 

In a burst of bla tant capitalism, whom Triton Times critic Steve 
the release date for Leon Russell's Esm edina said " tbey ' re my 
new a lbum (with Mary McCreary) favo rite group" J. Streetwalkers 
has been pushed back to J a nua ry also consists of Bobby Trench 
of 1976, beca use his current " Will [formerly of the Jeff Beck group), get t~ KOOP ~ O' the Wisp" album is still selling Jon Plotell and Niko. 

•• ....... ¥Jell, partially helped by the Although their !lew album " Wind the u.1"' .. ~ success of the . 'Lady Blue" sing le. on the Water" is a lready into the 
~... U Russell , who has not made a public top twenty on the national charts 

• • appearance in ove r a yea r , David Crosby and Graham Na h 
~ ......, * I tC-lJU.->· recently flew to Sa n Francisco to are embark ing upon a twelve sta te ~ U ~ V hclpBiII Wyma n with his new LP. tour to help promot th album. 

... '"7'"--------------_____ .:.;;,;.;~:,:::,_.J Streetwa lker " debut album, on .. TtJ6 tOU II will ftlltvre ,m i' lI!I, 
.the.Mcl·cW'.y . Ja.bc1. wi U. ~ . ca1led from the album. 

Capital reconling artists Ruby 
Starr and Grey Ghost are hitting 
the concert trail and Starr is giving 
people insigl ts into her per-
sonality. All(, y Warhol's " Inter-
view" quotes Starr as sayin , 
"When audier.ces try and get 
rowdy and grab at me, wall, I jes 
givE' '('m ~{\fT1"t\...i,.. ., T w .... ·;n A .... . " T'" 
a reporter for " Circus" Magazine 
she said, "There aren' t a n other 
w man smgers with balls enougn 
to sing rock 'n roll with the m n." 
And, while in Minnesota, she told 
the Minneapolis tar, " I lik to bl' 
pret1 . 1f}18 got nice IcllS, wh not 
show em off - 1 mean, r like m n." 



Pagel 

KING OF 11IE GYPSIES 
by Peter Maas 

Viking, f7 .95,171 pp. 

I must confess that I didn't know the first thing about gypsies before 
reading this book. I even had suspicions that someone made them up to 
put in storybooks. The gypsies in the United States would consider the 
idea a fine joke, a tribute to their craft. 

Gypsies, as Peter Mass describes them, thrive on secrecy and deceit 
(good words in their book ). There are perhaps a million of these 
mysterious people in the U.S .• yet "They don't exist," Maas says. The 
govenunent has no census figures on them, they don't pay taxes or attend 
school, and many of them use six or seven different names. 

Hut they make themselves known in other ways. Countless people have 
fallen for their "boojo" magic (fortune-telling games which have ended 
with people handing over hundreds, sometimes thousands, of dollars) . 
They are pros at door-to-<loor cons. (Once they are in your house. one 
steals while the other channs.) And they have driven lawyers and judges 
batty with their false charges against other gypsies - charges that have 
taken years to untangle on occasion. . 

Ah, but don't think they'd be offended by this description. To gypsies. 
deceit is an art. They train their sons and daughters in it, and a good thief 
is an admired member of gypsy society. Americans steal in other. less 
apparent ways, they point out. 

Gypsies are wanderers but they are by no means disorganize<! 
vagabonds. Their social system is elaborately arranged into competing 
families, much like the Mafia. and strict taboos prevent promiscuity and 
adultery. Their image as passionate free-livers is clearly a myth, says 
Maas. 

The book is based on the life of Tene Bimbo, feared and respected king 
of American gypsies for decades. To the astonishment of his "subjects," 
he bequeathed his leadership to his grandson Steve Tene, a " new" gypsy 
who wants education and "normal" jobs for his fellow gypsies. King 
Bimbo's action ignited a feud between Steve and his father (who expected 
to be named king) which continues to the present time and has been 
marked by much violence. Maas traveled with Steve to learn his side of 
the story. 

Maas, the author of " The Valachi Papers" and "Serpico," writes in the 
clean. concise style of an expert reporter. It's difficult to believe that he 
packed so much information into 172 pages, and admirable that he 
managed to keep an objective distance from a subject that invites 
prejudice. You'll find yourself keenly interested in the gypsies. no matter 
what your ultimate opinion of them turns out to be. 

FAMILIES 
A Memoir and a Celebration 

by Wyatt Cooper 
Harper & Row, $8.95, 199 pp. 

- Mary Elson 

Wyatt Cooper has taken an over-analyzed subject, family life in a world 
of disintegrating families, and reduced it, quite entertainingly, to its 
s implest terms. 

Arguing with wit and elegance that the family is the most, and perhaps 
the only civilizing force in society, he takes us on a guided tour of families 
he has known, past and present. from his rural ancestors in Quitman. 
Mississippi, to his own wife and children, urbanites all, in New York City. 

The result is an edifying mixture of ol:lserved detail and felt experience 
that combines the best aspects of Cooper's own multi-sided personality : 
Cooper the storyteller. fascinated by the picturesque or the eccentric ; 
Cooper the practical parent. cogtrizant not only of what childhood should 
be but of what it is; Cooper the screenwriter and actor, presenting it all 
with a dramatic propriety that brings us every closer to the subject at 
hand. turning casual interest into vital concern. 

I have never heard Wyatt Cooper speak, yet the sound of his voice 
resounds through these pages with a clarity and an ingenuousness that is 
unmistakably his own. It reads like a family almanac, feels like a per-
sonal conversation, and we must constantly remind I)urserlves that we 
are concerned not with Wyatt Cooper (well, yes. that too.) but primarily 
with "the survival of the family." 

Perhaps this talent is what makes the book so convincing. Certainly it 
has its fJa\'ls. ( If you don't care for sentimentality and facile social 
history, close your eyes during chapters 4 and 6.) But more lasting im-
pressions derive from Cooper's living examples of families that have 
worked-his own is an almost too-perfect model- and the belief, 
suspected by us all but too long ignored, that the family is the only in-
stitution of any funda mental importance when it comes to educating the 
young. 

Sound too simple? Most profound insights do. Mr. Cooper traffics in 
truth, not confusion. 

- John Bloom 

f riff III .11IIt'S Wednesday, November 12,1971 
Movies Ninth Tops 

Symphony 
Offerings 

"Hearts of the West' Light 

by DaDiel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

The San Diego Symphony will 
perfonn an all Beethoven concert 
this Thursday and Friday evenings 
at eight in the Civic Theatre under 
the baton of Peter Eros. 

The concert will open with 
Beethoven's. most spectacular 
symphony, the ninth. The 120 voice 
San Diego Symphonic Chorale, 
directed by Charles Ketcham, will 
join the Symphony for the "Ode to 
Joy." The four guest soloists will 
be soprano Sarah Fleming, mezzo-
soprano Christina Krooskos, 
bariton Harold Ems, and tenor 
Michael Sells. 

For the concert finale, pianist 
Andre Foldes will be featured with 
the Symphony in Beethoven's 
"Piano Concerto No. 5 in E flat 
Major, Op. 73," more popularly 
known as the "Emperor concerto." 
Hungarian bof1l Flodes has per-
formed with major symphonies on 
all the continents and is the author 
of "~eys to the Keyboard." 

by Gary A. Mansur 

Jeff Bridges has develope4 his 
screen character into a very 
likeable personality, as evidenced 
in "Hearts Of The West." Bridges 
has become a multilated James 
Dean of the '70s in search of 
American success. 

His talent shows, either as a 
stock car driver in " The Last 
American Hero" of as .a writer of 
western pulp stories in "Hearts Of 
The West." T)le road to success is 
blocked by treachery and despair, 
but Bridges is so naive that he 
overcomes mountainous obstacles 
because he didn't see them. In 
short, he's a likeable idiot. 

In " Hearts Of The West" (the 
title of his unpublished western 
novel) Bridges tells everyone that · 
he's a writer and proves it by 
creating a scene like the charac-
ters in Doonesberry. But it isn't 
enough that he makes a fool of 
himself in front of the movie 
audience. 

His screen image isn't strong 
enough for a solo, and needs a 
straight man to act as go·between 

Quality Obscurred in Von 
Alpenheim, Druian Concert 

Rafael Druian and lise von can get into easily. However, this 
Alpenheim perfonned three violin selection was rather insipid for 
and piano sonatas Saturday night ' Mozart, due mostly to a weak 
at the Mandeville Auditorium in a theme and lack of development. 
benefit recital. Although the The piece did reach excitement 
musicians played very well, the when it built up to some 
performance was a limited sue- astonishing runs of beauty and 
cess. The main problem was that swiftness. 
the show had been put together for The second piece was well in the 
just that one night. As a result, Modern vein: Bartok's "Sonata 
Druian and von Alpenheim not No. 2." It was a good example of 
familiar with the material n'or with the tension and energy to be found 
performing with each other, lacked in the more contempor!1 r y 
a degree of spirit and togetherness . classical music, which is often 

Nonetheless, it was a very fine disliked for its lack of conv~ntional 
performance, for they are both beauty. It seemed that Drwan and 
highly talented and sensitive von Alpenheim were more ~to this 
musicians who have complete piece than the others, playing to 
cOmn)and over their instruments. good effect music that makes 
Rafael Druian is one .of the leading bizarre demands upon the per-
violinists in the country. He has former. 
been a soloist, concertmaster, and After an intermission, the 
conductor, and is now a member of program was concluded with the 
the Music Department of UCSD . beautiful Sonata by Franck. This 
He is a spirited performer, and his rich Romantic piece welled with 
playing is very graceful and ex- emotion as von Alpenheim brought 
pressive . it to increasingly grander 

nse von Alpenheim is regarded crescendos and Druian returned 
as one of the foremost pianists in with the hauntingly beautiful 
Europe, and has toured world- theme. 

for' the audience. For instance, he 
sits at a luncheon counter bragging 
about bruises he received per-
forming foolish stunts but his 
waitress is no longer pl"llSent. It 
isn't enough to laugh at until a 
drunk sits down and overhears the 
monologue. Then the audience has 
someone on the scene to share the 
joke with. 

, "Hearts Of The West" is another 
loving look at Hollywood in the 
thirties. On the run from a pair of 
swindlers, Bridges (who has 
mistakenly taken their loot) 
stumbles upon and takes up with a 
small film company making 
westerns for matinee audiences. 
Surprisingly, the movie uses this 
setting to offer a little bit of 
neglected Hollywood history as 
.Bridges is introduced to a bunch of 
Hollywood cowboys. 

These were cowboys out of work 
on the range but acting as extras 
for western movies. They did the 
stunts and created the action while 
the 'star got the credit (read " The 
Hollywood PosSe" by Dian~ Carey 
for the interesting story behind 
these men) . It's t~ ideal setup for 
Bridges as he is given a chance to 
literally acfout his daydreams. 

Andy Griffith appears as an ex-
popular writer of westerns, now 
cowboy extra, who befriends and 
betrays Bridges in the course of 
their relationship. Alan Arkin all 
but steals the movie as the director 
who knows little about the west, 
but receives enthusiastic support 
from his cowboy extras who can't 
stand him because it's the only job 
they can get. The relationship 
between the early studio and the 
powerful distributors is also 
portrayed as Arkin must get ap-
proval for the stars of his movies 
before he can make them. 

"Hearts Of The West" is not a 
smash comedy. The material 
presented does not result in back-

. to-back belly laughs but the actors 
are so disarming and the story so 
unpretentious that it is very suc-
cessful. 

It makes you smile a lot and feel 
good without being nauseatingly 
wholesome. 

ATIENTION BIOLOGY MAJORS 
Biology ISS , "Microbiology of 

Eucoryotes" by Drs. Hel inski ond 
B,own has been changed to : 
Tuesdays and Thursdays 9:00-10:30 
in room 1103 BB. This change tokes 
precedent over the addendum 10 
the Winter Schedule .of Classes 
which will b!! available Nov. 24. 

wide. Her dexterity is incredible : 
cascades of notes flow (rom her 
fingers. 

With such an eminent pianist 
present, it was surprising that 
Druian apparently decided to hog 
the stage. He was situated directly 
in front of von Alpenheim, so that 
she could not easily be seen by the 
audience. It would seem Druian 
wanted all the attention focused on 
himself; which was rude to the 
audience as well as von 
Alpenheim. 

Wakeman to Play at Golden 
Hall on Thursday 

The program was well-rounded 
and well-ordered. It began with the 
Mozart "Sonata in ' B-Flat." The 
simple grace of Mozart makes (or 
a good opening, one an audience 

Rock keyboard artist Rick Wakeman will headline a concert at San 
Diego's Golden Hall Nov. 13 at 7 :30pm. The concert will also feature 
Gary Wright, formerly of Spooky Tooth, as special guest star. 

Wakeman played keyboard with Yes for several seasons before going 
out on his own . In the past couple seasons he has had hit albums in "The 
Six Wives of Henry VIII," and " Journey to the Center of the Earth." His 
current release is "The Myths and Legends of King Arthur and the 
K nights of the Round Table." 

The opening act features Gary Wright on keyboard, but in a completely 
different style from the headliner. He will perform several of the tunes 
from his new album " The Dream Weaver." 

Levrs 

Wednesday, November 12,975 I f riff" •• 0'S 
An Interview with Arthur Wagner 

The flna major pl"GdUCUOIl of the 
UC San Dlelo'. smaU bid widely 
respected drama deDart· . 
ment-Tennuee Wllliams' 
"CamillO Real" - OpeDS Friday aa 
the UCSD theatre. 

Department ebalrmaD Ar1bur 
Wagner, who directs the play, 
spoke recently with TrltoD TImes 
staff writer Cooley Major. 

The department's efforts (both 
"Real" 'and the department's goals 
in general) were discussed. 

Wagner, who was born and 
brought up in New York City, 
initially made the decision to 
become a teacher in 1946 while 
attending Earlham College in 
Indiana. If WW II had not in-
terfered, Wa.mer says he would 
have followed the "usual .route to 
become a teacher." The anoy, 
however, sent him to pre-med 
school. After one ~mester and 
he resigned from the program and 
was discharged from the anny. He 
began to give serious consideratio,n 
to the theater as a viable medium 
to express his combined interests '\ 
of teaching, philosophy and acting 
in " the fulfillment of his life's 
mission." 

He finished his BA at Earlham 
and was accepted at Sinith College, 
where he was one of nine males in 
the whole college that boasted a 
female enrollment of 2400. There 
Wagner completed his MA in 
drama, "always thinking in tenns 
of teac hing." He began to 
recognize, " the implication of 
performance and the actor's artist, 
and thi ngs like tha t... " 

After receiving his MA, he 
conceded to a materialist urge to 
redirect his priorities toward 
making some money and he sold 
slloes for the next five years. "It 
took me a long time to make up my 
mind," Wagner said. 

As an outlet the theater never 
seemed to lose its position in the 

upper most part of his mind. 
At 32, Wagner began his PhD' 

work in Utah but transferred to 
Stanford. Over the next nine years 
Wagner held a position at Rollins 
College in Florida as Theater Arts 
Department Head as he continued 
his doctoral work at Stanford 
before receiving the Danforth 
Foundation award to write his 
dissertation. After Rollins Wagner 
went to Tulane University where 
he set up an actor's training 
program, prior to accepting his 
department chairmanship at 
UCSD. 
Triton Times: Why did you choose 
to pursue a career as a dramatics 
teacher as opposed to dramatic 
performer. 
Arthur Wagner: " Although I 
started my teaching career very 
late, teaching is something I 
always wanted' to do. I wanted to 
work in l.be academic field. 
'IT: L"Q. you ever find 

yotrlt-lf trying to indulge in 
an acto ring career 
vicariously through some of 
your more talented 
students? 

AW: " I don't think there is a 
great deal of vicarious ex-
perience, because I function 
as an artist, primarily as a 
director, and so I get my 
artistic kicks as a director. 
On the other hand I love to 
act! And since I've been here 
I've acted twice within a 
year. I did the " Miser" two 
years ago and then I did 
"End Game" last year. I 
intend to do more when my 
time gets freer. 

'IT: The first production this 
year is Tennesee Williams' 
"Camino Real." What is the 
play about? 

A W: This play is not as well 
known as " A Street Car 
Named Desire," "The Rose 

TT: 

Tattoo" or the " G lass 
Menagerie." It was written 
in 1953 and was the first play 
in which, Williams broke out 
of an almost strictly realistic 
frame work into a kind of 
fantasy or dream. That's 
what it really is, a play 
where the people are left to 
decide for themselves who's · 
dream it is. 

The cast of characters 
goes from a very con-
temporary figure, Kilroy, 
who was the legendarv GI of 
wwn who went around 
Europe writing Kilroy was 
here, to characters like 
Casanova, a real figure, 
Baron de Charlos, Camille 
and the various inhabitants 
of a town which is vaguely 
South American but not 
really specified. 

What Williams is saying, it 
seems to me, is that we've 
come to, as he says, " a 
pretty dim end of this 
Camino Real." He calls it 
" Camino Real" which 
means The Royal Road but 
this "Camino Real" is "the 
street of reality" and he feels 
that on the street of reality 
we, meaning contemporary 
man, have come to a pretty 
dim part of life. 

The use of the word 
brother is an important 
aspect of the play; what it 
should mean and what it 
does mean to people today . It 
is interesting - the word 
"honor" is used as it relates 
to, you know , Nixon who is 
always talking about " peace 
with honor" so that we've 
lost the sense of what honor 
really is and Quixote 
presents that... 

In terms of the " im-
plication of performance," 

Director Arthur Wagner 
how does the theme of the 
" Black Theater relate to the 
artistry? 

AW: I don' t think it influences 
the art a great deal. I think it 
is the nature of what is being 
dealt with in the play. I think 
all good drama makes us 
uncomfortable in some way. 
I mean when I go see 
Oedipus, there are im-
plications of things that are 
frightening to me, or at least 
they should be. Black 
theaters right now remind 
me very much of Clifford 
Odetts, and the theater of the 
thirties in which there were 
political statements that 
needed to be made and the 
theater provided a very 
potent place in which to do it. 
The problem is how do you 
make it a work of art. As 
soon as something like 
implications begin to take 
over, it's very difficult to get 
the necessary work of art. 
When is it propaganda and 
when is it art? Also, there is 
the question of what is 
necessary. Is art necessary 
in a particular ti~e in 

history? In the thirti as there 
were a lot of pro~aganda 
type plays. They were 
written that way because 
there was a very strong 
concern about the economic 
condition ir the country. 
Now, when we read these 
plays, we certainly won't 
consider them works of art 
but they certainly had 
function . And then what 
happens of course is that the 
artist himself wants to do 
less and less propaganda and 
more and more art. The 
artist has his own needs as 
an individual to state "Let's 
say political things," but he 
also has his own need as an 
artist to find a form that 
fulfills his desires. 

TT: Is there no means of 
combining those desires 
based on talent, creativity 
and commitment? 

AW: Oh, absolutely and we 
have examples of it. I think 
Leroi Jones (lmamu 
Baraka ) "The Dutchman" is 
a play which is loaded with 
the kinds of implications we 
are talking about. There are 
always those pieces whi<:h 
end up that way but there are 
a lot that don't. But I think 
you have to accept that. I 
mean a work of art ishard to 
write to begin with and then 
when you are trying to in-
clude other elements in it, it 
becomes a great deal more 
so. 

TT: What kind of orientation do 
you provide the students 

ent~ri~g your department, 
aspIrIng to become 
tomorrow's stars? 

AW : Our responsibility is 
to provide desirous young 
artists with the best tools we 
can possibly give them while 
at the same time informing 
them as to what it is they can 
expect. , 

Tennessee Williams Fantasy 

Camino Real Starts Friday 
" Camino Real ," Tennesse =---

Williams' fantasy-filled play of 
life's bardships and dre8J)1S, will 
open in the UCSD Theatre on 
Friday, Nov. 14. 

The play, directed by Dr. Arthur 
Wagner, chairman of the Drama 
Department, will run Nov. 14-16 
and 18-23. All performances will 
begin at 8 pm in the theatre on the 
Matthews campus. 

In the play, Williams mixes a 
va riety . of legendary characters 
from different eras with the con-
temporary figures he creates. 

Kilroy: the legendary American 
GI of World War n, is a vagrant 
who wanders down the road called 
Camino Real to its dead end in an 
unnamed town. The story recounts 
his experiences there with a 
strange group of characters that 
includes Casanova, Don Quixote 
and Camille. The production has 
music, songs, dancing and lots of 
humor, all overseen by a hotel 
proprietor named Gutman. 

Clive Barnes, critic for the New 
York Times, said of the play, 
"There are people who think that 
Camino Real was Tennessee 
Williams' best play and I believe 
they are right. It is a play tom out 

I 

Prudence Duvernay (Wanda 
McCaddon) and Casanova 
(Craig Zehms) in Tenessee 
Williams' :'Camino Real. " 
of a human soul." 

The cast of the UCSD production 
includes Rich Revelli as Kilroy 
Pat DeSantis as Gutman, Craig 
ZehJT\S as Casanova, Kim Merhoff 
as . ~arguerite (Camille), Gary 
Gwdmger as Don QUixote, Joan 
Rosenfels as a gypsy and Beth 
Hogan as Esmerelda, her 
daughter. 

Tickets are $3 for general ad-
mission and $1.50 (or all students. 

TilE BARE NAVEL 
AiR PRUSIt 
T-SltiRTS ) 
JEWElRY • 
JEANS 

I 

\ 

PANT 
SUiTS 

LEAThER 
CoATS. 

STUDENT DISCOUNT WI AD 
C.rolyo Miller 
Manager 
755-5655 

l~O/o 

... _ .. _.. . ....... - ....... . 

Lemon Tree Comer 
Camino Del Mar 
1~ XI Tuea · Sun 

1-= 



at? No Football? 
by Scott SacUl • 
Staff Writer 

Is it possible to obtain a complete, well-rounded, .whol~, Ameri~n 
collejZc education at a university that does not field an mtercolleglate 
football team? 

Several years ago students here at UC San Diego chose to . abolish 
football froin the school's athletic program. What Is normally an mtegral 
part of the entire college life-style has been omit~ from this period f!1 
enlightenment in our lives. Certainly, we are all seriously affected by tillS 
significant omission . 

So it was with the intentions of an informer to the destitute masses at 
this school that I attended the San Diego State vs. University of Arizona 
football game held at San Diego Stadium this past Saturday. I att~mp~ed 
to determine what we are all missing from our non-football experlencmg 
college lives. 

The portt It is increasingly difficult to participate in, or even un-
derstand, American society without some understanding of the sport of 
football . Besides the fact that it is now a requisite of all US PreSidents, 
knowledge of the game is necessary to interpret everything from 
televisiOfl commercials to American male chauvinism to political 
statements. When New York's Big MAC chairman, Felix Rohatyn, likens 
his plan of revival for tha· A;ty to " throwing an 82-yard pass with four 
seconds to go," you had better know the difference between a f1are-out 
anda bomb. 

Pre-game Preparation: Tailgating - Get to the stadiu!'l early, set up 
picnic tables and chairs in the parking lot, open up the Mlchelob, Charl~ 
Krug Chenin Blanc, and get ready for the game. An offshoot ~auty of thIS 
phenomenon is the support the school fO?tball pro~ram might receive 
from outside sources. Colonel Sanders discretely finances part of the 
player recruiting to insure better teams, so more victories, so more fans , 
so more Tailgating, so more Kentucky Fried Chicken eaten. In college 
football everybody likes to lick everyone else's fingers. 

The F'ans: College football means fraternities and sororities. I did not 
realize that there were still so many "groovy" people in schoOl. Despite 
their styled hair (both sexes, of course) , I-smoke-for-taste Winstons, and 
BMWs ("anybody can own a VW"), these future leaders of America 
really know and care about their football. When the home-team quar-
terback completes a pass he is " soooo good!" and when he throws an 
interception he is a "complete ass-hole!" Delta Phi Beta Omega La 
Jolla ? 

The Cheerleaders: They looked like they should be singing for The 
Young Americans at Disneyland. But their real significance lies in their 
cheers. 

California oranges, 
Texas cactus, 
We play Slippery Rock, 
Justfor practice. 

Or, for the more "hip;" 
Come on people, 
Let 's make some right-on sound. 
Unh! Yeah! Owww! Sprazzz! 
How 'bout a touchdown? 

by Bob Steiner 
Staff Writer 

Some waterpolo teams are 
naturally great. Others have to 
work at it. Some have a massive 
nationwide recruitment program; 
others have only their student body 
from which to acquire players. 
Some are backed by large amotmts 
of monetary funds ; others have to 
fight for every penny that they get. 

In the case of the UC San Diego 
Tritons, coach Gary Becker has 
finally fought against the odds and 
has molded together a highly 
competitive team. Though they 
won only one game of three this 
weekend and their record is 
slightly blemishe4, the Tritons are 
now finally ready for any con-
trnder. 

Losing to crosstown rivals San 
Diego State University by one 
point , the Triton failed to solidify 
their growing offensive attack. 
Remarked Coach Becker, "We 
should have won by six goals. We 

just had too many mistakClj." 
Regaining their composure, the 

UCSD team had a rematch with 
Whittier College who had beaten 
them earlier this year in a hlghly 
contested game. Though this game 
was also full of Triton errors, >they 
easily routed their opponents 10-5 
in a lopsided battle. " It was a very 
fitting revenge," said Coach 
Becker. 

The turning point of the ' season 
and of the team, however, carne 
when the Tritons - had another 
rematch with Pepperdine 
University who had also beaten 
them by a somewhat ernbarrasing 
score a few weeks ago. 

The Tritons were ready for their 
rivals from Malibu this time and in 
the fi rst two minutes of the game 
surged into a ~ lead. From then 
on, the contest became a grueling 
test of abilities .. 

Battling as a formidable force, 
the Tritons put together a cohesive 
offense and defense and matched ' 

goal for goal with the team that 
had lost to highly rated UCLA by 
only one goal. 

With two minutes left in the 
game, the score read 12-11 in favor 
of Pepperdine University. Beset by 
two flukes, the Tritons watched as 
their opponents scored two quick 
scores and won the game 14-11 , a 
far cry from the earlier score 
between the two teams. 

Said Coach Becker, " We played 
as a team. Even with substitutes 
we still kept up the momentum 'of 
the game. I think we are finally 
there." 

Some experts would say that the 
good team is not always the one 
that wins, and Coach Becker would 
probably tend to agree. With this 
year's squad composed of fresh-
men, sophomores, and juniors, 
they are apt to be a national con-
tender next year. 

The Tritons travel to UC Irvine 
on Wednesday to once again put 
their developing skills to the test. 

The Players : Wouldn't it be nice for someone to pay for your four years 
of training necessary to obtain a $100,000 a year job? Hell, I'd say that I 
was playing for personal pride, the school, the Gipper, and my mother for 
that kind of -arrangement. 

Surprise! Soccer Team in Play-offs Today 
. The Coach: Besides improving the lives of each "man" that plays for 

them, college coaches are known f?r their el~uent verbal contributions 
to this society. When asked how come he had ~ star player car:~ ~he ball 
so often the coach replied, "When you have a big cannon, shoot It. 

The Game : Excitement. Suspense. Drama. The thrill of victory, the 
agony of defeat. State lost , 31-24. Read about it in the Union. , . . 

Post-game Celebration : Win, lose, or draw, every form of mebnatlOn 
a bounds. For the more active there is a lways the after-game dance. I do 
not know if it's because they have a football program, but State's dance 
was somewhat superior to the usua l UCSD affair . The band played music 
for dancing instead of trying to imitate Led Zeppelin's last concert, 

But all of this information is tmnecessary. Everyone knows they do not 
play football at UCSD. So, like it or not, we, the students, are deprived of a 
typical collegiate environment. 

& 
sportsweQr 

for 

Guys & Gols 
~, 

Erratum 
In our story Monday about the 

BRG we incorrectly stated the 
name of the Fourth College 
Representative to the BRG. In the 
article the name was Howell 
Bassett. His name is Harold 
Bassett. The Triton Times regrets 
the error. 

by Dave Elsen 
Sports Editor 

The UC San Diego soccer team 
learned yesterday that in a last 
minute move, it had been inserted 
into the NAIA District 3 play-offs. 
The Tritons will open post-season 
competition today ' at Muir Field, 
with a 2 pm first round game 
against Cal Lutheran . 

The last minute play-off schedule 
change caught the whole team, 
including coach Rod Geiger, by 
surprise. Most of the players were 
notified about today 's game early 
yesterday morning, and Geiger 
didn't hear the news until noon. 

None of the UCSD players had 
touched a ball in a week, when they 
tied USIU Wednesday I-I , and 
were then told by Geiger that the 
Triton soccer season was over. The 
tie made UCSD a 3-1-1 record, 
apparently not good enough to 
qualify for the play-offs. 

Lea gue officials then decided 

c'f 11'1:1 ~o4~ -~ (jj II SOUTH COAST \ SURF SIIOP . 
·1 ~ CJ 
o "rJ1 o· 

.I .... 
on all merchandise 

that the game between USIU and 
Southern California College, 
played Monday , would determine 
the final standings in District 3's 
Independent South Division. USIU 
won, dropping SCC, which had 
defeated the Tritons earlier in the 
season, out of the play-off picture 
and putting UCSD back in. 

The Triton players, both excited 
and stunned , spent much of 
yesterday afternoon preparing for 

" ArtwDfk by J im Evans " 

today's match. As of yesterday, a 
majority of the men were going to 
be available for today's play. 

With a win today, UCSD will 
move on to second round play at 
Pomona Saturday. Victorious 
there, the Tritons would travel to 
Westmont College Monday. 
Eventually, the team c;ould qualify 
for a trip to North Carolina , for the 
NAJA finals . 

Wcdnesday, November 12, 1975 

Mesa Show-down Tomorrow 
by Cary Tbom"OD 

Staff Writer 

The UC San Diego badminton 
team crushed GrossmOflt here last 
Thursday, 1~, In one of the 
Tritons best efforts of the season. 

The deciding match for the 
league's first place will be held at 
Mesa tomorrow. 

The Tritons were too much for 
Grossmont early in the match. 
UCSD clinched the victory at seven 
games to two when Steve Wai and 
Lee Miramonts defeated their 
opponents, 2-1. 

Another fine performance was 
turned in by Carol Steinberg in 
women's singles when she shut out 
her opponent. Liz Noll and Cliff 
Gates also posted a shut out in 
mixed doubles. 

Mesa has been the only team to 

mar an otherwise perfect UCSD 
season, when they slipped up the 
Tritons in an extremely close 
contest. 

The two squads would slipinto a 
tie for first if the Tritons are able to 
come up with a victory at Mesa 
tomorrow. The homecourt ad-
vantage would have to favor Mesa, 
as UCSD head coach Judy Sweet 
realizes. "We have a lot of hard 
work ahead of us," she said. 

If the Tritons are suCcessful at 
Mesa Thursday then both teams 
will have identical records of 7-1. A 
playoff match will be played if 
time remaining in the quarter 
allows. 

If the tie-breaking game cannot 
be played , the championship will 
be decided by the point totals of the 
two previous matches. 

UCSD women', dou .... co ... ination of Ingritl aeninchke and 5 •• 
Zarate help lead the Tritons into. title badminton ..... ch again.t 
Me •• tOlllorrow. (n Photo: Chari •• EI) 

11 Game of the Week 

Football Demolition: 26-0 
By Ron Kato 
Staff Writer 

Hoping to gain a playoff berth, 
Karnanawanalaya enhanced their 
opportunity to participate in the 
post season competition by 
defeating What's The Matter last 
Saturday, 26-0, in the Triton Times 
intramural game of the week. 

What's The Matter, evening their 
record at 2-2 with the loss, virtually 
saw their playoff hopes disappear 
as Kamanawanalaya and 
Prehensile Wangers are now 
posting 5-1 records in the Carl 
Aboscocoed fOGtball league. . 

Soon after ttJe opening kickoff, 
the Karnana's were confrOflted 
with a fourth and four situation on 
the What's 24 yard line. In an effort 
to gain a first, the fourth down play 
resulted in a touchdown as Allison 
Chin took a pitchout from quar-
terback Mike Andersen and ran 24 
yards for the score. The score 
remained 6-0 as the tw~int 
conversiOfl faltered. 

Ramana 's Tim Close then 
recovered the ensuing kickoff to 
set up for the second score of the 
game. On the second play of the 
series, with Chin quarterbacking 
the Kamana's cI08e caught another 
touchdown pass. Tbe PAT attempt 
again failed, leaving the score at 
12..(). 

Gaining possession of the ball for 
the first time, midway througI'I the 
half, the What's combined for a 23 
yard Max Flolletie to Sandy Clegg 

completion. Kamana's Debbie 
Anderson then foiled the drive by 
intercepting the following Flolletie 
pass giving her team possession of 
the ball once again. 

The two teams exhanged 
possession of the ball once more 
with neither scoring, closing the 
half at 12-0. 

Kamana's Close stalled the early 
What's second half drive by in-
tercepting a pass and following it 
with his second touchdown 
reception of the game, this one 
from Patty Rosa. Anderson finally 
rnanuevered a successful two point 
conversion to give the Kamana's 8 
sound 20 point lead. 

With 11 minutes left on the clock, 
the What's tried to sustain a drive 
by gambling on a fourth down 
situation. It turned out for the 
worse as Chin intercepted the third 
What's pass of the game and ran it 
back for the score. The Score now 
increased to ~ and the PAT 
attempt was again unsuccessful. 

Late in the game with the score 
well out of reach, What's FloDetie 
connected on two bombs to Sandy 
Clegg and Terry Clegg to pose the 
first scoring threat on the 
Kamana's. The drive ended , 
however, when a completed pass to 
Debbie McKebnett was marked 
short of the first down line. 

Tbe game came to a conclusion 
with the Karnanawanalaya's in 
possesalon of · the ball, a victory, 
and a spot In the playoffs. 

CoTTAGE ,.._ .. LS Crofts. Suppli es, '-"IAII books. ins truct ion E pi -1__., Id Fine Art Supp Hes 
X ORE ANOIIItII "ORt Metaphys ical Books 
I 049 Ca~lno Del NIp, (Lemon Tre. Corner~ MOft-Sal 9 :,0-5.30 

·rl.oll.lnlt~ PalJe9 
Personnel Stunned by Move 

Rumor Confirmed: Pro Sails Fold 
San Diego's lone professional basketball team, the 

Sails, officially folded yesterday morning. Rumors of 
the move began circulating Monday, and were 
verified yesterday by Chuck Shriv~r, the club's 
Assistant General Manager and Director of Com-
mtmications. 

It ended a brief, stormy history of professional 
basketball in San Diego. The Rockets of the National l 
Basketball Association were forced to leave, due to 
financial problems. The city was awarded a franchise 
by the American Basketball Association , called the 
Conquistadors, soon after. A lack of attendance hurt 
that team, and the franchise was sold to F rank 
Goldberg and l3ud Fisher in July of this year. 
Nicknamed the Sails. the squad looked forward to a 

promising season, led by ccnter Ca ldwell Jones. 
Instead, the Sa ils got through one pre-season and 

elcven league games before its demise. The fold 
markcd the second in the ABA this season and 
rumors now persist that the troubled league will 
cease operations before the end of the year. 

"We are totally stunned," said Shriver. "When we 
came to work today it was business as usual, but then 
Fisher called us from New York at 11 am with the 
ncws. I still can't believe it, " Shirver said from his 
Sports Arena office yesterday afternoon . At 4:30 pm, 
most Sa its personnel were still at the team 's offices. 

The original folding rumors were in the Monday 
edition of the New York Times, but were refuted 
publicly by owner Goldberg Monday night. 

--__ =-~c===~~=====~ 
Captain' Sticky. 

• • 

peanut butter a nd jclly gun and bazooka, as well as a 
Lincoln Continental with lasar-controlled peanut 
butter and jelly cannons. 

Needless to say, these gimmicks, and many others, 
have helped Sticky to gain notoriety, as well as get his 
messa ge across to the pUblic. He has been "featured 
in thousands a nd thousands of newspapers and 
magazines, as well as countless television and radio 
appearances ... 

When asked if he was doing these activities as an 
"ego trip," he replied, "One would be crazy to think 
that ego is not involved with what I do, but in this 
respect I think that there is very little difference 
between George Washington, Adolph Hitler, Ca ptain 
Sticky and Elton John. All are using their egos to 
work for goals-the goals and what you want to do 
with them is the important question thought. " 

Pesta 's goal is " to fight and conquer evil," and his 
particular targets now are the "unethical" nursing 
homes in San Diego. For over a year he has fought 
this problem, and 'his work is beginning to show signs 
of paying off. Last Tuesday the County Board of 
Supervisors decided to put together a task force to 
look into the goings on of San Diego nursing homes. 
(See article. this page) "This is what I have worked 
for as Captain Sticky." . 

CasaBlanca 
When asked to reply to Casa Blanca Convalescent 

Homes' statement that his charges were "utterly 
false," Pesta replied : " If my charges were false , 
why did the County Board establish an investigative 
commission? Why has the Mayor of San Diego 
pledged his support? 

"And the Assembly of the State of California 
established a task force and invited me to participate 
with it? Obviously where there is smoke there is fire. 
We can look at the Casa Blanca chain over the last 
four years and see scandal, scandal , scandal. I am 
the first person who has united everybody and we're 
going for a kill . I've publicly stated that there should 
be some jail terms," he said. 

He added that Casa Blanca hired private detectives 

to investigate his sex life and other activities. 
At one point in the interview Sticky said that, " A lot 

of people are in menta l institutions because some 
psychiatrist wanted to get them out of his hair, that 
there had been some cases where Certified Public 
Accountants had gotten together with psychiatrists so 
that they could get control over the money." 

When asked if Pesta had political aspirations he 
replied, '·No." . He said that he is nei ther a 
Republican nor Democrat, conservative or liberal. 
He feels that by getting into politics he would lose 
some of his credibility with both the peopleand the 
politicians in power. He cited the fact that he was 
able to work with both Lou Conde, a conservative 
supervisor, and Larry Kapiloff, a liberal assem-
blyman. 

Needy Causes 
One of Sticky's main motivations is to get 

businesses involved with communities. He managed 
to get Polaroid involved with the Olympics fo r the 
mentally reta~ded, and Is trying to get other com-
panies to help with other needy causes. 

Within three or four months in San Diego there will 
be several openings of "Captain Sticky's Peallllt 
Butter and Jelly Emporiums." Pesta will not operate 
these restaurants, but he has gotten a guarantee that 
10 percent ~ what is sold will go back to the com-
munity for social needs. 

Perhaps the biggest of Captain Sticky 's goals is to 
acquire an aircraft carrier from the US Navy . Pesta 
said that an aircraft carrier " is as big as a city, a nd 
that many things could be done with it. " 

Notable plans for his "dreamship" include an on-
boards factory allowing the physically and menta lly 
retarded people to work, putting their wares on the 
hangar deck which would be a converted shopping 
center and having social workers helping to create 
self-supporting shops. 

He has great enthusiasm for this idea and envisions 
the aircraft carrier as a whole city based on charities. 

Aye, aye, Captain. The world wishes you success. 

ru ",iw.ulty of Ca.llfotnia., c:£an ']Juga. 
CampLL~ P't.og'tam iBoatd 

ptu€nh 

FRidAY NiGhT 
I adles 'and Gents 

The Roilina Stones 
ille Auditorium ]:30 & 10:00 $1 

SATURdAY FilM 
Blessed EValrt 

1932 Closs ic w ith lee Tracy a nd Dick Po~e ll 
His Girt Friday 

di;ected by Howord Hawks 
with Cory Grant ond Rosalind Russell 



Page 10 

AS. • • 
cultural or se" I group, that 

i honors agrem~ts made with 
students while 011 ampus and that 
is willing to su t themselves to 

, questions from the university 
community. 

Communications program 
professor Herbert Schiller called 
arguments made 00 the basis of 
freedom for recruiters "spurious," 
addilll! lhat the CIA "is just not 
another stumbling, sometimes 
good bureaucracy" that is trying to 
institute open recruitment. 

He said the CIA " has been at the 
center of corruption in this 
society. " 

" For 25 years, and through six 
separate administrations, it has 
acted secretly, illegally, un-
constitutionally and mur-
derously," he said. " The CIA has 
acted both internally and globally 
to prevent the smallest impulse 
toward rectirication of social in-
justice. " 

He said support of the CIA would 
be " a repudation of everything a 
university stands for." 

Another AS member said 
Affirmative Action guidelines that 
have been fought for by minorities 
and women were not designed to 
support organizations like the CIA. 
" Blacks, Chicanos ' and women 
have fought for equality in 
education and society," and not to 
encourage or aid CIA-type ac-
tivities, she said. 

A sociology professor, who would 
not allow the Triton Times to print 

,his name, said, "We have to have a 
more detailed analysis of when and 
to whom we will open our doors for 
recruitment. " 

Mafia Recruitment 
He said, for instance, that the 

University would not allow the 
Mafia to recruit on campus, and 
that the CIA has "stepped over the 
line" of the law as much as any 
criminal organization. 

Literature department chairman 
Joseph Sommers, who emphasized 

that his department had not for-
mally discussed the CIA matter 
and that he was speaking as an 
"individual teacher and scholar," 
said he had been invited to the 
University of Mexico for seminars 
and classes in Latin American 
literature. 

" I feel I would be treated with 
some ambivalence if I were not 
able detail my University's 
position on involvement with the 
CIA," he said. 

He said he felt his ability to work 
in the University would be un-
dermined by any involvement, 

. "either direct or indirect," with 
the intelligience agency. 

George Shor, a professor at 
Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, said he opposed the 
resolution. 

" When the CIA was constituted, 
it was done on entirely legal 
grounds," he said. He added the 
CIA was intended as a legitimate 
agency for the gathering of foreign 
intelligence, and that the need for 
such a function still exists . 

He said the present investigation 
by the Senate committee is 
designed to determine in what 
instances the CIA has acted 
illegally, and that the agency will 
be forced into compliance with the 
law after the results of the in-
vestigation are known. 

The motion to have the official 
vote by mail was presented by 
Shor, who told the AS the matter 
was too important for fewer than 
half of the membership to decide. 

Thirty-two Senate members 
voted for the mail ballot. Only 25 
percent of those present - or 21 -
was needed. The straw vote took 
place after the vote for the mail 
ballot. 

An earlier motion to divide the 
resolution in two -- asking 
disclosure first and then ter-
mination of CIA-UC relations if 
warranted - was defeated. 

Strebel. .. 
One modest esample of such 

abuses is provided by the wan-
derings of Professor Brueckner 
while he was supposed to be 
teaching Science 48. The report 
compiled by the investigating 
committee makes it clear that he 
had a heavy schedule of outside 
activities planned well in advance 
of the decision that he would 
" volunteer" to teach Science 4B. 
Since these required that he be out 
of town for at least 25% of the 
quarter, it is clear that his 
colleagues should never have 
asked him to teach any course, 
much less a large lower division 
course requiring substantial effort. 

In fact, it aooears that he 
should have put on an in-
definite leave of absence by the 
Chancellor until such time as his 
outside activities were reduced to a 
level consistent with resuming the 
instructional responsibilities of a 
professor. This is also true of many 
of the rest of our professors who 
are similarly committed to outside 
activities and private businesses. 
Paying these people salaries out of 
teaching funds is a corrupt use of 
tax monies. 

In the case of Professor 
Brueckner, we can place a dollar 
figure on this corruption. There 
were 30 meetings scheduled for the 
Science 4B class : Brueckner was 
not present on campus during nine 
of these. As a full profssor of many 
years, his rate of pay is in the 
neighborhood of $1000 per in-
structional week. At $333 per class 
meeting, his nine misses cost the 
University $3000. If this money had 
been properly released to the 
University, it could have been used 
to hire two more (badly needed) 
TAs for the course. 

Instead of providing the 
University of California with in-
structional (or even research) 
services, this money subsidized 
Professor Brueckner'S world 
travels. Notable among these was. 

the full week he IPCfIt in Trieste, 
Italy under the guise of pnlaltlng 
an invited paper at a conference, 
The scientific gain from such 
gatherings is minimal; the major 
coocem of the participants is 
cultivating personal preStige and 
pursuing professional politics in 
luxurious vacUon surroundings. 
Travel and expenses, particularly 
for an invited speaker, are paid -
with the eventual resource being 

thet8Xpa~er (again!). 
Also among Professor 

Brueckner's travels were 3 days 
spent at a symposium on Sanibel 
Island, Florida. Since he was there 
by invitation, he was undoubtedly 
again reimbursed for travel and 
expenses. The rest of his known 
absences include a nebulous 
" scientific meeting" in Palo Alto, 
two unexplained days in Los 
Angeles, and a Monday (long 
weekend?) skiing at Mammoth. 
Not included in the report on his 
absences was any evaluation of the 
hours his private business in La 
Jolla took from his instructional 
eHorts. 

In discussing the negative im-
pact of such absences on UCSD 
education, the investigating 
committee stated: " There is 
evidence that Professor 
Brueckner's absences are by no 
means exceptional and that even 
more serious patterns of patch-
work instruction are far from 
uncommon." It is not difficult to 
find examples. How about the 
professors (notably in the Physics 
Departmentt who commonly use a 
hired proxy (one of the researchers 
funded by their contracts) to teach 
their courses? How about the 
notorious AMES professor who 
doesn't always make it back from 
·hs trips to Mexico and Santa 
Cata lina Island in time for his 
class? Or who disappears for two 
or three weeks in the middle of the 
quarter? How about the Political 
Science professor who tried to 
cancel all of his regularly 

Wednesday, November 12,1975 

scheduled Friday daa. this . 
quarter? Or the prot.... who 
habitually disappean to some 
"secret office" 00 Fridays? How 
about the Biology professor who 
conveniently scheduled an exam to 
cover for a skiing trip? How about 
the Physics professor who 
reschedules all his classes into 
educationally nooproductlve 2 hr. 
sessions, so he can manage his 
experiments (an Incidentally, his 
private Sorrento Valley Business) 
more conveniently? And how about 
the professor who couldn't answer 
questions about his course because 
he spent the entire w~k between 
'his final lecture and the fimil exam 
consulting in Los Angeles? 

How can such educational ri~ 
offs occur again and again, without 
investigation or censure or 
restitution of unearned salary 
monies? The answer lies in a host 
of " laissez faire" policies similar 
to those that allowed professor 
Brueckner to junket around the 
world while casually delegating his 
responsibilities for Science 4B to 
others. These policies have created 
a situation in which there is a!). 
solutely no academic discipline 
which guarantees that classes will 
be competently taught, at 
reasonable times and places, with 
a consistency of course content, 
and with well planned majors and 
sequences of prerequisites. In their 
haste to tum UOiD into a federally 
funded research institute, the 
Faculty and Administration have 
abandoned all responsibility for 
the functional details of education -
they assume that it will happen by 
magic and that the students will ' 
learn by osmosis. For the students 
here to blame themselves (as so 
many do) for their "failure" to 
achieve in such an environment is 
tragic . The real problem is that we 
are plagued with a plethora of 
peregrinating "professors" who 
want all the luxuries and ac· 
coutrements of an academic 

Continued on P~e 1% 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
kousiNG 

Roommate wanted . Own big room in huge 
house' Pool. '1/2 acres, 12 ml trom UCSO 10 
lhecounlry. 756-2826 (11/121 

2 People needed 10 share large. lurnlshed 
master bdrm. & private bath In big unlv ci ty 
house Available December 90 f mo each 
Indlv,duals or couples 452·9790 (11/14) 

Female siudenl looking lor anal her lemale 10 
share 2Bd apartmenl In Del Mar Beaul ifu l 
Call 453-7841 (11112) 

FOR RENT' All raclive 3 bedroom house. 
Quiet street 10 fine ClalrerTlQn t neigh-
borhood. near good shopping . schools. 
Ireeways UCSD Secluded garden. Iruil 
Irees. large garagelworkShop $375I monlh . 
1 year lease. renewable Call (days) 4B8 . 
0575. ask tor Cliff Jarvis. (evenings) 459-
B835 (11 119) 

HOUSE 4 BRM 2 SA FIX UP SAVE 
THOUSANDS. WALK UC. SECLUDED LOT. 
NEW CARPET PAINT 69M 21 3-478-1182 
OWNER (11 114) 

Angelfish . Silv"" ano Halfblacks. Assorted 
SIZes and Pnce: Call 273-4224 or Carol at 
453·0244 (11 11.) 

1964 W.J Extet Or Tough . new brakes, 'Ires. 
gen bat runs g JOd $350 00. Calt 436-4960 
after5ask lorD. n (1IIt2) 

t 969 Suzuki T·5' '0 0".. nwnpr n<!8f perlect_ 
New tires. chao', ear sprocket Fairing . 
Runs extremel) well . 48 MPG w.th 2 on 
Board $425 <;011 ~2074 or 264·7240 eve. 
ThIS is a strong. su r· rellable bike. (11 112) 

, 
FOR SALE ' Turquoise Je .. elery at 
WHOLESALE p ·.cts Call 453·5671 . ask lor 
Fred Excellent work l til /17) 

Hassetblad 500c ~ 500c Bodies. 60 M M 
5 Glens many acc Some darkroom eQu,p 
N,kop55MM fIIlens .s9-01l6 (tl l t2j 

Movlflg • SenSOlional garage sale' Mul l ~ 
lamlly Furniture. typewriter. TV. Se'NIOg 
m3chlne. bOoks lamps Clol~ lng and Much 
more SA T ONLY 9A M-3PM 3 8 CUfie 
Slrent University City (I t 114) 

Nylon Mummy Bag : 2 Ib Duck Fill. 80'12" 
34 " full- length ZIPper. used only a lew hmes 
540 272·18t4 lI t 114) 

GAAAGE SALE Hlgh' Iumplng shoes. ski 
boot s. craft supplies. prints. kitchen ware. 
etc Nov I S. 16. I ()'5 5373 La; )118 Mesa 
Dr all TurquOIse (t I 114) 

Cassette Recorder Roberts Portable w i AM 
FM RadiO. $35 459-Ot 16 (1 1112) 

Honda 90 New A.ngs. PIS lon . Crankshaft. 
9O·tOOMPG . runs good . asking $145 .00 
A ndy PM 459·8324 (t I II 2) 

LeaVing for Europe. must sell '66 Rambler 
Wagon Great transqortat1on. exelnt 
mechanically $475 274-2190. (I t 112) 

1 Siuden t ticket to Camino Real. Fr j Nov 14. 
Or hade lor Nov 21 Call Em ily 481-0574 . 
keep trying (I I 112) 

Bose 901 Typez Speakers. $400 pr 453-932t 
(I t I t2) 

WANTEd 
Need exIra cash ? Paying top dollar for your 
U S Silver coins minted bet are 1965 Ken 
453·7924 fll/<6 ) 

Expefl.need IYP'st nooded to work nigh Is 
Must beaceurate Call 436-3747 . 

F , Roommate wanted starling Jan Own 
Room and bath in large La Jolla Village 
house SI OO per mo. 454·2813. (11/1 4) 

s I LIIJEi4T'C , ::~ r" wtllfe you learn Part. time 
contaci work aflords e,lra income. Calf 461 -
3876 (ll/t2) 

A nVone having In formation about any 
commerCial LSA TPract,ee Courses olfered In 
Caillornla. please call 454-8549 and leave the 
Intormatlon With vour name and nlornber on 
Ihelape · Thank You (1 1/14) 

Summer Job • Iype Technical Papers - office 
dUl''''' Type 60-70 WPM Exp requires 
S r.u "ly Clearance Employmenl tor sut> 
sequen l summers Intervtews NOY 14. 1-5 
PM Con tact Sludenl Job Center. 507 MC 
X4500 (llltOI 

• SERVICES 
People moverS MQIJ tng advice and 
asslslance Very reasonable. Call Jell 272-
3078 (11 / 261 

THE WooO DOVE -A gourmet Natural Foods 
Restaurant recen1ly opened in Solana 
Beach 150 Acacia (Next to Another B ird). 
Openll -It Dlnnertrom5-IO Spec,aloller : 
Frutl Smoothle. 45 cenls . Oct . 15·Nov 15 . 
Tel 755·5810 

00 you really teel I.ke si ttong up 10ntgh l 10 
gel that paper Iyped Ihat was due last week ? 
Lpt me do II . call Sher 279-1418 Clairemont. 
fl1126 ) 

Colleqlate research a,ds-thousands on l ile. 
Send $t tor your 160 page mall order catalog 
Research Assislance. t t 322 Idaho Ave /1206 
Los AllgelesCA 90025 213-4n-8474. (t / 19) 

Typing tor Adu lls and Children 
We ca n teach toueh-ty pong to seven·year-

aids and up The new ' Cover-Gulde" 
Program now enables young children as well 
as adults 10 enjoy the many benelils 01 being 
able 10 t ouc~·type rapidly and accuralely. 
IndiViduali zed Ins tructi on is ollered in small 
priva te c lasses. Brush up COtJrses also 
availab le. For Intormatlon . please call ' 454· 
7167 . Traln,ng Research Corp .. 7440 Girard. 
La JOlla. (t t I t4) 

Maybe lecture notes aren' , for you. but If 
you re tIred of spending so much time 
cramming. maybe they are lor you Sold M-
Th II ·OQ.I ·OO Revelle Ouad. Gel all back 
issues (t 1117) 

Tune ups. brakes. minor repair. Good work. 
low pnce M ike 488·0073 (1 I " 4) 

Explore old master draWing 8 palnling . 
Learn how to prepare your own surfaces g 
paints BIII436-0709 (I t /24) 

Are you adopled? Seeking nalural parents? 
23~· 5tOorP 0 33272S0 92103 (1/7) 

HA THA YOGA Classes. 8 wk IntlO course 
S 12 Bf!9lns Tues. Nov t 1 7-11.30 pm. Wed. 
Nov 129 3().11 am. Intermediate classes $8 
pcr monlh Thurs Nov 6 or Fri Nov 79 3Q-t I 
am FREE Intto class Wed Nov 5 9 .30- t 1 
em For Regrls ca ll 275-1839 Sandra Jen-
n,n9' (c rhlted by I ndra DeY,) Classes to be 
hPld In Easl Commons Old Mesa API S 
(11 112\ 

Tu,r;cabte BSR 6tO wIShUfeM93E. Hydro!. C. hlldc.1re and IIghlhousek ptng 2:30-6 T¥1'1~~ IBM CorrecII~g Soleelfle Thos" . 
Cue 1111"8 Dusl Cover Min t roAllI /dl1' 'l:1~ t to ~M "ChI drb/l'~ 4'1 " 2 !ill'1 ' 1S~:~ . " 1111 'u t.~( "f~ ' ~< , ..... ~." ~",e"''''''.l,' n. 
SI30 SSSor SI .tS3-ll?:Jb· (t't'l''l)'' .... .. 'p;':'/'" 'ro.:Jt!d y smfthrltl12' .. , ....... ~~\f)' ( b'!""b',H,rn".l,rn,-.TmH" 

TYPist • IBM lerm paperltheslsl disser-
lallonslelc . Edll ing l rush jobs/Xero, . 56Q. 
6171 (I I 126) 

Typmg - Manlyn would I,ke to type your 
paper . Ihesls book. She 15 experienced. 
last . reasonable. and has a Correcttng IBM 
Please call ~ er al 565-7060. (I t / 12) 

TRAvEl 
SSW Travel Ollice. UCSD )nternational 
Cen ler XMAS NY Charter $209 : Mazatzan 
camping $139. Cent. America 3 weeks 
$479 Int'! Sl udent 10 Summer Europe 
Charlers 452-0630 t 1 am - 4 pm. Mon. 
Wed Fn only (t 1126) 

Europe Israel. Orient. NY. TGA low-cost 
llighls A ist 1436 S. laC len ega BI. L.A . 
90035 7t4-544-9333 or 213~2·2727. 
l it 1<6) 

Need nder to Texas. leaving Nov. 15-20. 
Share e'penses and driving. Call Leslie 755-
2924. (I t 114) 

lOST It fooNd 
Found ring . l eave written discripllon to 
cla,matTT 011 Ice. onewook only. 111 1t2) 

Losl Monday: Turquoise /Sliver Arrow 
Broach Very valuable to me. Please bring 10 
Sundry Stare. (t 1/17) 

\. 

Losl Sat. night 27 22 large Irame glasses. 
prescrip tion in blue glasses case. Contact 
Ann 452-4090 (I I "2) 

Fauna less lhan $t In Mens Locker Room 
Paul X2042 . (tl/ t 2) 

Found ' Sel at keys on St uden t Center K II . 
Convair Keychain : Call Sven 453-0716 atler 
500 pm (11/12) 

Losl a set 01 keys on the "~ump' They aren'l 
of any use to you , please return at Student 
Cen ter Thanks 111114) 

Found ' Prescription glasses and case. in 
fronl 01 Urey Halt . Mo~day morning . Identlly 
anrt pick upat5201 Urey Halt . (t t / 12) 

PERSONAls 

To Kwong . the Big Lltlle G irl w~o hates short 
lakes Happy B-Day Love. Your Sweet les. 
(II /12\ 

TenniS Club Meeting Wed Nov 126 pm Roc 
Cant Aoom (l t II 2) 

Au •• end ...... 

CIasslileds ahould either be printed or typed on. 3".5" card (available In 
Triton Times oItlce) They may be subm itted lIf1ytlme between 9 and noon 
and 1 and ~ p .m. 

The tollowlng rates are lor 100 spaces - It you UM mar. spaces, the r ... 
wItt double . (100 spaces --25 cents ; 101 to 200 -50 cents) . 

Personal. - $1 
Lost and Found -- t, .. 
Other ads; sludenls - 25 cents 

nonstudenl. -- $1 
Deadl ines: • pm F,io-y tor Monday; • pm Monday tor Wedn.day; • pm 

Wednesday tor Friday. 
Announcement" " ... Alt IIf1nouncemenl. will run In the Monday 

calendor . Deedll". tor celend.,: " pm Friday. 
(All IIddltion. or oorrectiona to tI.tlng. In the Schedule 01 Cia ... lor it 

l i;t\ reaul" Unl .... "ltv cours. wltl hot ~1Itt,qf\ fl ,~ 'I"'" '' ... ' ... , I" .".; :l \ ~ . •• · ... l~'\\\'\ I r, ·"II"~·~ .TI • - •.•..• ~ 
• ,. ~ i.~ J ~ .~':~ "II, ~.'. l. l., "\" ~ " .--lLt.~J l tlt ,ll"-

Wednesday, November 12, 1975 

KING SIZE -

LUXURY MODEL - Hill'll, polished ALUMINUM, 
Included, The perfect GIFT. 

"'fII&11~ 
.... UI1401 ...... ulW-....s 
...., 112IS uu... .-.112 ... 14 

• Ik" '.71 SIIIIMt ..... . 7·4221 
......... 245 [ . f ......... G-27J1 
.... .., 1.7 H ....... IW .. L.-.. 3JO·7l77 
,_ 3IU .....,. ..... 311-5400 
.... LA 11111"'" ..... 477,7400 

WI .... 
. hdfIc ... 1321 Guntt A_ 270·5150 ' 
_ctIIn 
...... 121 W 10Il(0l,, 1114) 171·Y9I 
........ IIU ..... I~. (714) M5.o5M 
......... 1m2 ........ (1141616·I0I0 
..... AlII 1t12 SoIItlt 1",101 (714) 545-5Z11 

s 

for 

On Specially ~arked 
Packages Of 

Scotch 90 Minute 8-Track 

fOr 
99 

......... 1. 

Scotch 90 Minute Open Reel 

WI RIllA ... YM.I.D 
c,.... .... 6551 , ... " •• C)oII. 1Iwtt. " ·1234 
helle 1D$ YIItuf ..... " ·43.10 
...... .., ..... 12lOl Yldofy .... _ -1toG 
..... IIiU ..... war "'·MOO 
1M UIIIU. WILl" 
.... c...100I~ __ M2· .... 



Page 12 

Jewis; Studen1s .... 
He added that local Shabbat Pi not, who makes sure 

gives Jewish 5t nts "a chance to "everything gets done. " 
interact spiritll8 ly and socially, This year the UJS received $720 
enjoy a kosher oleal, and just ~et from the Student Cooperative's 
together and relax." BudgeVResources Group to fund 

The Shabbat, as well as the other its cultural programs and to 
UJS activities, are open to the subsidize the operation. Because 
general community and are ~f the rel~tively small budget for 
general\) held without charge. Its extensive programs, the UJS 

On the subject of the Shabbat receives considerable support in 
acting as an activity bringing Jews the San Diego Jewish community. 
together at UCSD, Newman added Newman said that Israeli 
that Jewish students come from Awareness week was well-
verj different backgrounds. attended by Jews in the San Diego 
" Many come from Reform Jewish community. 
fam!lies with little. background in Largest and Most Active Group 
JeWISh culture, while oth~~ come The UJS, in maintaining close 
from a much stronger tradition. ties to the community, is 

" Thus we offer a wide range of recognized, according to Gruen-
events and try to appeal to a wide wald, as the largest and most 
range of Jews," said Newman, __ active student group in San Diego. 

Way of Life He said that many UCSD students 
Both Gruenwald and Newrrlan act as Sunday School teachers in 

emphasized that Judaism is more ~n Diego synagogues. 
than just a religion. Newman For the last two years, the 
called it "a way oflite." Jewish community provided ad-

Gruenwald said that religion vertising revenue for the UJS 
carmot be the central thrust of the publication, L'Chayim (which 
UJS because there is no one means " to life" in Hebrew). The 
viewpoint that is accepted by the UJS describes L'Chayim as a 
Jewish community. Since there is cultural publication. 
a variety of religious observance L'Chayim hopes to obtain funds 
for Jews at UCSD, Gruenwald said, from the UCSD Communications 
" there has been no move to have Board this year as a subsidiary 
an 'official' campus rabbi, like the journal and resume publication 
other religious groups might have, during the winter" quarter. 
because one cannot be found to Gruenwald and Newman see as 
represent even a majority of Jews the UJS' major accomplishment as 
here." the work done with a few 

Gruenwald and Newman believe professors, notably Physics 
that the one major concept that Professor Walter Kohn, in 
sets the UJS apart from the other establishing a Judaic Studies 
religious groups is that neither the program. 
UJS nor Judaism in general does They said that four years ago 
not believe in proselytizing in the there were no Jewish Studies 
non-Jewish community. classes. Today, the program has 

Both Gruenwald and Newman developed to the point where there 
argue that the UJS is primarily a is now a Judaic Studies con-
cultural and social organization, centration in literature. 
rather than a strictly a religious There is also a three-quarter 
one. cultural traditions sequence at 

Though the UJS activities are Muir and a hwnanities class at 
well attended, one of the more Revelle to go along with the 
pressing problems for the group, growing number of Hebrew 
according to some of its more literature and language classes. 
active members, is to get more 
students involved in organizing the Gruenwald said, " Our 
multitude of UJS events. 

Presently there are about 10 
students who do the majority of the 
organizing in the UJS. These 
students are assisted by a San 
Diego United Jewish Federation-
employed coordinator, Noma 

organization and the Christians 
reach the most people on campus." 

With the number of people 
participating in UJS activities, it is 
hard to argue that the Jewish 
students are not an active and vital 
force at UCSD . . 

~~T~~ ~ 
------------ ~ ~~ _ ~AW 0< ~,y 

Wed" MOv . 12 : 'nit Leu} Prof ... lon : ~£ G~ . " 
Lw Schoo 1 and Beyond ,: 00 PH. ~ "" -~ 
21SO Bu"Gtth •• nd Sod.l Schaca • 
• Ua . Who 1a bdna .ct.1tted to ' law 
achool todayT Wh.It ClA/LSAT h 
oece ... ryl W., P'Ptr 01.,. accurateT 
Ie the job .. rket alutt.dT 

TOIl Hull ..... btant to tha V1c.-
OLancellor for Acada.1.c Affain, 
UCSD . 

lap" Laven •• UCSO Laid Sa" le .. . 
IUclr. AauU,r. recent ,c~'hl"t. of 
...yc D.via lav .choot; UC$D Oft-Capu. 

Clu Ikonet, C'lrUDt l ev .ch~lC" 
.ppUc.nt. 

freshmen , sophomores ...... 
it's not too early 

juniors, seniors 
It'S not toolate .......... .. 

Barbaro Dix Henderson I 
Chrislion Science Lecturer 

Doors open 01 7: 15 pm 

BUSINE~S 
!hut.. , Nov. 1)1 '"alne ..... lnbtration! 

Man.aaent : What IS ITt 1: 00 PH , I. 
lU8 H~n1tl ... nd Soci.l Schuca. 
Ila. .. .Job opportualU .. . re ~U'Tant.1y 
phlltUul 1n the fIeld of bu.inu • • 
\Ayt under,radlJau prep. r.tion 1a 
needed for an KIA or d'lre. 1a 11a1\ale-
.. nt Sde.nceT II .ither rout. for yout 
What .r. future pro.p.et., 

Dani.l Orr. UCSD leooOllice Dept •• 
Kan •• e.ent Scienee Advbor 

Marilyn Rhode. UC ",kd.,. School 
o( lue1n ... Ada1nhtntlon 

Studente fra. $.In Dh&o Slate 
Uatvenity'. JG" Pro.r .. ~ 

Sponlored by Fourth, "lite. kev.lh. 
and !hi rd Coll e,es 

FREE 
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE 

LECTURE 
Barbara Dix Henderson C.S. 
"Justice Under 
-God's Care" 

8:00p.m. Friday Nov. 14 
Child care provided 
FOURTH CHURCH OF 

CHRISTIAN SCIENTIST 
1270 Silverado St. La Jolla 

··GSU. ~ • 
Unionization would give the GSU 

voting membership on the San 
Diego Labor Council. The Council 
would then decide whether it will 
support the GSU strike scheduled 
for January. 

Key to Success 
Some members had pushed for 

union affiliation before last week's 
strike vote, in which union 
members overwhelmingly SUI> 
ported the strike proposal. 

Opinion. · ..• 
University of california would 
provide their children with an 
excellent education, and so many 
times their hopes have been 
dashed. 

This is not to say that UCSD is 
some sort of universal bogeyman 
or that one cannot receive an 
adequate education. If one does, 
though, it is not because of some 
brilliant T A or because the ad-
ministration cannot sleep at night 
worrying over the plight of the 
student. 

The undergraduate is successful 
in spite of the GSU and the ad-
ministration. 

Let us put the controversy in its 
proper perspective. It is time the 
GSU and the administration and 
their idle claims about their 
magnanimous concern for un-
dergraduate education. The GSU 
and the administration are out for 
themselves. 

InvesUgatiOll CootiDae. 
The Special Subcommittee on 

Student Elections continues its 
tour of scheduled hearings with a 
stop at CAL State Long Beach this 
month. 

The committee, chaired by 
Assemblyman Tom Bane (D-Van 
Nuys), was founded last year ,to 
investigate irregularities in 
student government. 

The Long Beach hearing will be 
held Nov. 21 and will be open to the 
public. Anyone wishing to speak 
will be allowed to testify and 
written statements will also be 
accepted. 

Strebel. • • 
existence without any of the 
concimital'1t responsibilities. 

The august research reputation 
of our faculty does not justify this 
miscarriage of education, and in 
fact promotes it by providing 
ample opportunities for corrul> 
tion. The students, apparently, 
must counterbalance this by 
systematically docwnenting and 
publicizing abuses of professorial 
privilege. It is time, in biblical 
terms, to drive the moneychangers 
from the temple of knowledge. 

Wednesday, November 12,1975 

Delegate Notice 
The 3(kiay public notice period 

for california Democrats to submit 
written comments concerning 
delegate selection legislation to the 
State Party is in its third week. 

This notification process was 
provided for in state Senate Bill 
288, which outlines the conduct 
rules for the 1976 California 
Democratic Presidential Primary. 

Those conduct rules were 
mandated by the 1972 Democratic 
National Convention, which 
directed the National Party to 
create a commiSSion to 
promulgate rules and regulations 
for the selection of delegates to the 
1976 Democratic Convention. 

CalPIRG. •• 
The report made specific 

recommendations to physicians, 
the state legislature, the State 
Department of Health and nursing 
home administrators about their 
duties in caring for old people. 

Kremen emphasized that con-
sumer input is crucial to the job of 
the task force. "I would urge 
anyone who has ever worked in a 
local nursing home to come and 
talk to the task force," he said. 

Your shoes lIN 117 ..... 
to teIIpnaSOlll4!tldl.,. 

Look at a pair you've lived with for a while and you'll see two things. 
The heels have worn thin. 
The soles have become comfortably curved. 
Your shoes are actually trying to become Roots-. 
Roots' slim heel and rocker sole are made for 
the way you .were born to walk, which helps ~ 
make them wildly comfortable. ", 
And Roots are made in Toronto of top·grain ,----
Canadian leather, which helps make them 
beautiful. 
Listen to your shoes. Have a chat with your feet. 
Then come see us and try a pair of Roots. 
You 'll find them (in more than a dozen styles) k .... i!!!!!!! 
only in the Roots store. D ~~. ~', 

..uv.a. ----
• 

"Be kind 10 lUI. Th«y oulnumoo peopk IWO 10 """." 
., l.aJoIla - 1218 Prospect Street - (714 ) 459 5000 

COIla Maa -Soulh Coast PIaza - 3333 Bnslol Slreet-(714) 540 3336 
.,.,. n." M ...... . LosAngeles - I0909 Klnrossl'Mmue (I t-Iockwesl of~ Blvd )-1213) 478.QIOI 

Malibu - 3835 Cross Creek Rood (In the Milhbu Country Milrt) - (213) 456 2444 
Las\AegM-2797 Maryland Parkway lSunnse CIlyShopplng Centerl-(702) 732 8808 

ucsn Studel)t CeQter 
preSel)ts 

Stolles 
Throw 

Molly STONE 
Wednesday, November 12 

Wednesday, November 12 Noon to 1 


