
Picture ID Cards May 
Be Issued at UCSD 

by Laura kerl 
If student approval is gained, 

UC an Diego will have tamper-
proof picture ID cards by next 
fall. The cards will be of the arne 
type as in present use at San 
Diego State, according to 

Registrar Ron Bowker 

False Data 
Group 

at UCSD 
A UC San Diego chapter of a 

national organization dedicater' 
to in itiating "interest, research, 
and Increased awareness in the 
Mea of the use of false reports by 
police agencies" has formed . 

Andrew Fleisher, chairman of 
the campus chaptN , says he wi ll 
soon schedule a meeting of the 
group, called t he National 
Commission on Law En-
forcement and Social Reform . 

The regiona l chairman of the 
organizatio n told the Triton 
Times that his organization felt 
that there is a significant degree 
of either incorrect or misused 
Information in files that private 
citizens are not allowed to see. 
"We want to find out how 
rampant this law breaking is," he 
said, adding that the group is in 
contact with Massachusetts 

nator Edward Kennedy and 
other members of Congres . 

He aid K nnedy is currently 
condu ting a similar in-
ve tigation . 

He said the commission is not 
connected with the Fifth Estate, a 
counterint II igence agency . 

Po litics; Space 

Assistant Business Manager Donn 
O'Neill. The cards will be made of 
plastic and will contain the 
student 's name and Social 
Se urity number in raised em-
'bossing . 

535,000 
The project will cost from $1 .00 

to $1 .50 per tudent, at a total 
cost of $35,000. 

According to a report made to 
the Chancellor by O'Neill and 
Registrar Ronald Bowker, much 
time cou ld be saved in numerous 
campus offices and departments. 
The cards would be of most use to 
the library , where students 
wouldn't have to fill out book 
cards, in the Financial Aids office, 
the Cashier's offices, and the 
bookstore. 

Students and staff would 
probably need to be 
photographed only once, since 
the cards have a life expectancy 
of four years . Deca ls would be 
attach d to the card for each 
quarter that the student is 
registered and has paid fees . The 

ards for staff members would be 
validated annuallv. 

At the present time, the Health 
Center ees no use that would 
exceed that of the present paper 
10 cards, but Bowker is confident 
that a "Kaiser-type plan could be 
implemented in future ad-
missions" to save time for both 
students and Health center staff . 

For students on the meal plan, 
a magnetic strip, identical to that 
of the present meal card, would 
be in erted . 

No State Funds 
The total cost of the I D cards 

would amount to about $35,000. 
McElroy commented, " I doubt 
whether it (the funding of the 
cards) would be legally possible 
throl!gh state funds ." 
- The funding of the cards, then, 
would have to come from the 
individual students . According to 
the proposal , their cost would 
amount to $ 1.50 for students with 
a meal plan and $1 .00 for those 
without . 

McElroy feels a tudent 
ommittee would be the most 

effective way to obtain student 
approval. lincoln Cushing, co-
editor of CAPE, feels a student 
questionnaire card included in 
the Spring quarter registration 
packets wou ld be best. 

W~tlII,stlay. lalll/ary 22. 197J 

Coop Elects 4 Members to 
BR Group for 'Balance' 

In the culmination of much of 
the discussion and tension the 

tudent Cooperative has ex-
perienced since its first regular 
meeting four months ago, four 
members were elected Monday 
to the Coop' budget organ to 
balance any " racial , ethnic, or 
, xual " deficiencies that exist 
among the four members 
chosen by the co lleges. 

Revelle students Oscar 
Mareno and Bert Lee, Muir 
tudent Ann Carberry, and Third 

Gina Capaldo 

student and MECHA chair-
person , Irma Munoz were 
elected from a field of 12 
tudents, nominated at Mon-

day's meeting and on January 
13. 

The college members, who 
have served on the Budget 
Resources Group (BRG) for most 
of this year, are Alex Needleman 
of Fourth, Selma Blake of Third, 
and Steve Pettich of Muir. The 
Revelle College Council is 
searching for a member to 
represent Revelle . 

Breakdowns for the com-
mittee, including coordinator 
Rudy Luque, are one Asian-
American , one black, three 
Chicanos, and three whites .• 

Compromise 
The procedure of electing 

four at-large members from the 

BRG Coordinator Rudy Luque collects ballots Monday . 
Coop m mbership was devised 
after some complained that the 
BRG was not representative of 
the interests of the whole un-
dergraduate comm un ity . 
Original motions involved 
poolings of representatives from 
the student organizations 
eligib le to receive Coop money, 
and quota systems for -the 
representation of women and 
minorities. The present system 
was approved following a 
compromise last quarter bet-
ween the !.everal dissenting 
factions of the Coop. Two of the 
Coop's most radical and out-
spoken members, Montgomery 
Reed of the Radical Education 
Project and Tom T'anana of the 
Young Americans for Freedom, 
who have often found them-
elves at odds during Coop 
essions, were defeated in bids 

for seats on the BRG. Their 
respective statements before the 

lection were the most involved 
of any pre ented . 

Tenana said he felt the 
committee and the Coop as a 
whole were slanted to the left, 
and said he would provide 
co nservative input and a 
" different philosophy" for 
looking at budget requests . 

Reed responded that uch 

would be ''' pseudo-
egalitarianism," and aid the 
Coop should deal with " what we 
know is the right philosophy and 
do what is necessary " 

"Catered To" 
Another unsuccessful can-

didate, Revelle student Gina 
Ca paldo , said she thought 
minorities were being catered to 
in the Cooperative She aid, 
" There have b en times when 
the debate was supposed to end 
that a black was allowed to 
speak when I know I would be 
told to sit down and shut up " 

In other action, the Coop 
voted to allow local external 
coordinator Marco Li Mandri to 
represent the body at the 
m tings of the La Jolla Plan-
ning Commission, the next 
meeting of which IS chedul d 
for Saturdav ct Revelle 

In addition , there was 
discussion of the possibility of 
sending one or two represen-
tatives of the Coop to the 
conference on raci m on 
February 14 in Boston . It IS 
estimated that the trip would 
require from $300 to $750 

The BRG begin s budget 
considerations for the winter 
quarter allocation of $9,000 of 

Continued on Page 3 

GSC Money to be Used Campus-wide 
A subcommittee of the 

Graduate Student Council (GSC) 
will meet soon to determine how 
the GSC's $4600 of vending 
machine money will be allocated. 

Kirstie Bellman, chairper on of 
the esc, told th Triton Tim 

yesterday that the money will be 
divided among gradudte tudent 
projects, student concerns and 
whole University projects . 
Preliminary budget discussion and 
charging of the sub ommitte 
took place at a esc meeting 
Friday. 

Surplus 

Center, CALPIRe, and the UC 
tudent Lobby . It has not b en 

de id d wh ther any mone 
allocated to acad mlC d part-
ments will b pre en ted on a per-
capita ba IS, or only when the 
ubcommittee r celv propo al 

from a department 
The e is al 0 CIrculating a 

Lipset, Anders to Speak at UCSD 
A thousand dollar of the 

money i surplu from la t year's 
allocation B IIman said th re 
was a " ta It under tanding" 
between committee member 
that the whole amount will be 
allocat d. 

que tionnaire through th Office 
of Graduate tudie and Re earch 
to variou graduatt' department 
Bellman aid the qu tlonnalre 

Lipset 
Dr Seymour lipset, professor 

of government at Harvard 
University, will give a talk n-
titled " I rael and the American 
Jpwish Community," tonight In 
the R velie ollege Informal 
Lounge at 8:00 p.m. 

Known for his studie of 
po litical sociology,Lipset was 
born in 1922, received his BS from 
New York City College in 1943, 
and his Ph .D in 1949 from 

olumbla Univelsity. 
R ipiant of many awards, 

Llpset has authored, co-authored, 
or edited many volumt."s and 
articles, some of which have been 
translated into 18 language 

. Anders 
Current view on the origin of 

the solar sy tem will be discus ed 
by a leading American chemi t in 
a eries of four I ctur beginning 
here tomorrow. 

The featured ~ p aker will be 
Dr Edward Ander , professor of 

hemistry at the Unlver ity of 
Chicago 

Ander will peak at .. pm 
Thursday, Friday, Monday, and 
Tue day The fir t lecture will be 
In HSS 2250 wi\h remaining 
lectures In HL 1438 

The topic cheduled for 
tomorrow is "ChMlical Proce e 
In the I ttrly Sol'lr S '!t'm II 

The su bcommitte has 
received requests for funding 
from the day are c nt r, the 
Re iden e Hall , the Women ' 

eek graduate tudent ' 
evaluations of their re pectlve 
d partm nts, to b u ed by tht' 
department to erv a 
gUld line for their development 



hose Who laugh Have Not Yet Heard the Terrible News 
by Ric:hoIrd N.deau 

As the American nation approaches its 
200th birthday, it finds its people in an 
angry, confused, anxious, and 
dissillussioned frame of mind. The 
unprecedented political upheavals of 
1974 - the fall of Agnew and Nixon and 
the rise of Ford and Rockerfeller - have 
been exacerbated by what is rapidly 
developing into a major economic crisis. 
As Americans apprehensively read 'their 
newspapers and listened to their T .V. sets 
on New Years Day, they were faced with 
the news of lengthening unemployment 
I ines, racial violence, further inflationary 
price increases, the prospect of another 
"energy crisis," and a further erosion of 
Kissinger's tinker toy " the structure of 
peace" in the Middle East and in 
Southeast Asia. This type of news was 
itself topped by the human interest story 
of the elderly who were buying and 
eating cat food because their retirement 
incomes and their food stamps had been 
wh Ittled away by galloping inflation and 
then frozen by a desperate and callous 
federal administration . 

So far, the government's attempts at 
r ctlfying this economic and political 
in tability have been about a effective 
a a "snowball In helL" One such 

~nowball, which cannot but help to 
increase political CYniCiSm, is the 
president's recently appointed blue-
ribbon panel, headed by Nelson 
Rockerfeller, wh ich has been allegedly 
et up to "investigate" the C.I A . Tom 

Wicker of the New York Times (jan , 7) 
has amply captured this mood of 
cynicism with the comment " It looks 
suspiciously like a goat set to guard a 
cabbage patch . Having th C.I A. in-
vestigated by such a group is like having 
the Mafia audited by its own ac-
countants." 

The most recent snowball is President 
r ord's new econom ic-energy program 
which can be summarized as· a not too 
cI ver attempt of "robbing Peter to pay 
Paul" In an attempt to put more money 
into the pockets of the American people, 
the program calls for ; a $12 billion tax 
cut for individuals to be distributed 
through rebates ; an additional per-
manent tax cut amounting to an 
estimated $165 billion reduction in 
individual income taxes and a six billion 
rut tor corporations; and the imposition 

of a S2 a barrel levies on domestic and 
imported crude oil, which is expected to 
raise the price of gasoline to about 15c 
more per gallon . In addition, the 
President has asked for a five year 
moratorium on emission control stan-
dards and a one year moratorium on new 
federal program spending, as ~II as 
emergency powers to ration gasoline and 
other petroleum products . There was no 
mention of a moratorium on corporate 
profits. 

This program is doomed to failure , To 
use Senator Henry Jackson's metaphor 
"its like shuffling around the deck chairs 
on the Titanic ." It may even exacerbate 

the crisis since it does not even begin to 
attack the major source of inflation -
corporate profits - and puts an added 
burden on the average consumer who 
will have to pay higher gasoline and 
home heating prices. It · also does ab-
solutely nothing to alleviate the chronic 
unemployment situation which is ac-
tually much more serious than the 
picture presented by the government's 
official unemployment statistics. 

A wounded beast is a dang rous 
animal , especially when it feels cornered. 
The present chest beatings of Ford and 
Kissinger in regards to the "Arabs" and 

the North Vietnamese are indications 
that the beast will not go down without a 
fight . What is even more frightening is 
that these chest beatings have occurred 
within the larger context of general 
economic and political insecurity and 
confusion . A counter-revolution also 
seems to be taking place at many levels 
in American society ; in the mass media 
with its glorification of the police 
(looking at television one could easily be 
led into believing that the police con-
stitute two-thirds of the American 
population) and people in positions of 
authority; in the universities where the 
major constraints upon " radical 

prof ssor " is impo ed by the students 
themselves; in the youth culture which 
app ars to have degenerated into a 
pathetic and pathological amalgam of 
lost souls in ~earch for a Guru ; and in the 
great middlE' class "silent majority" who 
in its insecurity and fear may opt for a 
strong arm d "populist " I ike George 
Wallac " to clean it all up." 

And then , of course, there is the 
American Left which seems more 
fragm nted than Humpty Dumpty as its-
constituents claw themselves to pieces 
over sectarian argument~ as to whether 
or not Stalin, Mao, or Marcuse has the 

--------------------Letter~-----------------------
• Profiles Defense 
James G Soto' s diatribe (Triton 

Times, Jan .15) concerning the 
supposed su perficiality of 
CALPIRG'S Political Profiles 
Project was more interesting for 
Mlat it rev aled about Mr Soto 
than what It divulged about the 
Profiles. Mr. Soto conceded that 
he had not read the complete set 
of Profiles-an interest ing ad-
mission from a commentator 
purporting to criticize the quality 
and ultimate value of an enti re, 
multi-faceted project . 

question that was placed to one 
Supervisor and not another as 
indication of the unworthiness of 
the Project is a gross and trifling 
misuse of one's editorial sanctity. 
This is the most disconcerting 
element of Mr . Soto's analysis-his 
lack of qualification and 
exemplification, thoroughness 
and com prehensiveness. 

deficienci s exist; but to expunge 
the entire Project, under the 
auspices of critical po liti ca l 
commentary, is to offer a myopic 
response to the citizens' need for 
more in formation ' concern i ng 
their el cted officia ls. CALPIRG 
has attempted to fill this in-
formation void . Whatever the 
Project's shortcomings, the 
Profiles are another tep in the 
process for a more informed, 
knowl dgable citizenry. 

CALPIRG'S Profiles on 

The Political Profil es was a first 
attempt at providing the San 
Diego electorate with an ex-
tensive and multidimE'nsional 
look at the all too often ignored 
local officeholder . Cer tain 

JUDITH ABOUD 
CO-ORDINATOR, 

POLITICAL PROFILES PROJECT 
members of th Board of 
Supervisors, State Senator , and 
State A~semblyperson s was an 
ov rwhelmiog undertaking for a 
group of C .... lPIRG'S scope and 

~17e Becau of the varied 
backgroun( s, levels of experti se, 
and comm tment of our co lleg 
and unive si ty volunteers, the 
Profiles we'e somewhat uneven . 
Hut to extr Ict one example uf " 

Grndwrk Relocation 
The G r 0 u n d w 0 r k 

Collective is a relatively new 
political group in North ounty. 
During the past four months we 
have opHated a bookstore and 
cnmmunity cent!!r in Solana 

MMr:o/." A. Smirh. Ediror KI,k Robl;;",on. Sport. Editor 
Ed ... e,,/ E~ S,mon •• Me"."!n,, Edfto, Ted $p«ry, Photo Edhor 
John H. revlor. CItv Ednor Ve"" GI,e,d 
Jon! Moody. Copv Editor o.vld Ce .. ldy 
ChMIa H-'ml.-. EdhoMI Oi..cto, Me" "",..,,,., 

Beach and sponsored a ystem by 
which U C S D. professors cou ld 
order textbooks and pass a 10 
percent discount on to their 
\tudents . 

Although we are now tem-

triton times 
ARTS WRtTERS SECRETARIAL ASSISTANT 

Cemille Cece. 
Jim Shipmen 
Betsv Ch/menr SPORTS WRITERS 
Robin Ronc/ 

Ric" Rode"".ld Busin.s. M.n_"er Jem •• G. Soro. ADoc. City Edlro, Peul w.""., St..,. E.medl". 0..,. EI_ 
LMry 0«:1<.1, Art. Edlro, Kerhv Co ••• s.c.-r.". April Ho"u. llert UtI 

Mer" McCertv, Contrlbutfnp Edito, Lorin Spitle, Dirk Sleker 

right line, and one wonders if even a 
magician could put them back together 
again . And lurking uneasily above this 
miasma of confusion is the Leviathan 
American ruling class which still has a 
number of. tricks up its sleeve through 
which it can maintain its hegemony. 

Surely, as Bertold Brecht once wrote, 
" those who laugh have not yet heard the 
terrible news." The Gravy Train has run 
out for the American people. The picture 
painted here is admittedly a rather bleak 
one - it is a picture of a society riddled 
with contradictions and festering with ' 
decay; a society that wastes millions of 
dollars on ludicrous quiz shows and 
shiny useless gadgets of every sort while 
increasing numbers of peopl find 
themselves eating "cat food" to get 
along; a <;Qciety where pol itics is a side 
how, and flying saucers, Gurus, and 

"cosmi eggs" Me serious business; it 
society wh ich lack a goal , and for the 
present, the leadersh ip to provide It with 
a goal. 

The future is still an open que tlon and 
does not I:'xi~t mptaphy~irally itS 
o;omething that wall occur wllh thE' iron-
like nf'rf'~5ity of a natural law. We dre 
living In an pra that require choo ing 
sides. Thos(' dispmbodied Olympians and 

academl(~ who believe that the truth 
reSides an the "1111ddl " may no longer bE' 
afforded thf' privilegE' of vacillation d 
th ir ri ch raanmE'nt of purL' thought !wts 
muddied In the cla~hing wat r of the life 
and death struggll:'s between thosp who 
are ati fl d With the way things arE' (lnd 
those who wou ld strive for a better and 
more rational ociety The Right is 
already organized and has a massive 
reservoir of agression In the policl:', 
military, and para-malltary groups from 
which it can draw Its upport The Left , 
though framented, is mu ch more 
sophisticated than It wa in the late 
sixties, and there is always the possibility 
that they will be join d by the damned, 
the disreputable, the disenchanted, the 
"have nots," and the rej cted, who wall 
t'merge from the lower depths and "come 
out from the ~hadows" A third possibility 
mu t also be considered that the system 
will emerge from the crisis as strong as 
ever and that mankind's potential will 
remain " in darkness and ob livion 
drowned " The choice is ours 

porarily Without a stor front. 
Groundwork is still pursuing 
political w rk in North County 
We are ~tarting to coordinate 
U C S D bulk book orders for 
Spring quarter and have re ntly 
begun a ,tudy group, analyzing 

apitalism, So ialist theory, 
Socialist practice, and the history 
of political group which pursue 
collective lifesty les We will also 
be investigating pa t political 
activity inouthern Ca l ifornia in 
order to gain a clear view of the 
furth er struggles necessary 

. against all forms 01 oppression 
Groundwork welcome all in· 

terested people to loan our 
co llect ive. We are non-profit, 
anti-imperialist , anti-racist, anti-
sexist, and anti-ageist, with a 
practice resting on loca l politics 
and its relationship to national 
and international struggles. 

If you are interested in working 
with us, please phone 755-1231 or 
459-9027 weekday evenings 6 ;00-
9.00 p.m., or leave a message at 
452-4450. 
rHE CROUN DWORK COLLECTlVI: 

PRODUCTION 
NEWS BOARO 
Merit SfNIer 
FrMI< uFo,.. 
a..n. Helm,., 
Ificlt y_ 
s..Lo_ 
0,." Hlek. 
DrmI I'Icklln 
If_s.:hl_ 

An". Liebl« 
ICe,." MflMmud 

COPY READERS 
Micltelle Mietu. 

Th. Triton Time. pub Ii ..... Mond.,. W.d ....... ' , .nd Fri., •• In offlc;"lIy recOllnl,'" .tuclent neWlp.Plr, publllh.d bv the UCSO Communlc.tlonl Bo.rd. 
for .d ... rtllln". pho ... 4I2·,.. for eclhori.l.nd new" pho ... 412·" . 

Edward Simons is on vacation. 

My good friend, Mrs. Charles G. Hood, last week invited me to 
the house party she held last night to celebrate her purchase of an 
old Tudor style home in Coronado. In last week's column, you'll 
remember I predicted the party would be a success, despite Mrs. 
Hood's recent radical hysterectomy. 

Mrs. Etleen 

Mrs. Hood was certainly All 
Woman at her party, which in-
cluded Mr. and Mrs. William B. 
Jacks, Mr. and Mrs. Harvey J . 
Stokes, Mr. and Mrs. Jerald Dye, 
and Mr. Robert "Bob" Darend, 
Coronado's most eligible bachelor. 
The house, which Mrs. Hood has 
dubbed "Billy" after her eldest 
son, who surfs in Del Mar for a 
living, was very nice. Mr. and Mrs. 
John C. Davis, Mrs. George 
Woodcock, and Mr. and Mrs. 
James Willcox all said so. 

Speaking of Bob Darend, you will aU be plea'ied to know that his 
recent "trouble" with his secretary has been resolved, thanks to 
the eminent skill of Dr. Wilbur Jackson, of Pacific Beach's Free 
Clinic . He says he is now on the move again, and hopes to soon 
buy his sailboat back , which he so mysteriously sold three weeks 
ago. 

Mr. and Mrs. Bruce V. McDirdle today celebrate the thirtieth 
anniversary of their dog's death. Their dead dog, Beau, has been 
dead thirty years. As usual, the party will feature Beau (who was 
stuffed by La Jolla's leading taxidermist, Mr, Jansen) as the 
motif. Fur coats are encouraged, as are dead cats, which will be 
placed at Beau's feet during the ceremony. Beau, as you will 
remember, was an avid cat fancier . Two guests, Mr. and Mrs. 
Rollo Pierce, told me that they will arrive at the party dressed as 
dogs, to augment the dog motif. Discreet soundings of other 
prominent guests suggest the idea has met with a lot of positive 
response. 

One of 'La Jolla 's more beautiful homes, " Hilldale." was 
treated to a rare occurrence last night, this reporter has learned. 
Mrs. Norm~n Fields, who owns Hilldale, apparently bought some 
terrible drinks for her guests. She asked me to explain the 
reasons for last nillht's faux pas and apologize to all involved. 

According to Mr. and Mrs, Bill Jones, of San Diego's Southeast 
side, the liquor, which they had imported from Scotland, wasn't 
too good, The Jones' own " Logan St. Liquor, Beer, and Wine ." 

At the fateful party were Mr. and Mrs. Jonathan B. Kelly, Mr. 
and Mrs. J .B. Harris, Mr. and Mrs. Oliver Ellis, Dr. and Mrs. 
Brian M. Fischer, Councilman and Mrs. Harold N. Olvay, Bookie 
and Mrs. Richard E . Bascomb, Mr. and Mrs. J ,J . Barrett, Mrs. 
Albert Quinn, Mr, and Mrs. Franklin Miller Herbert, Mr. and 
Mrs. Philip J . Thomas, Mr. and Mrs. Edward E. Gregory, Mrs. 
and Mr. Anne J . Richet, Mr. Anthony Chadwick, Mrs. Kirk N. 
Logan, and Mrs. William B. Perkins. They all got violently 
nauseous and proceeded to vomit aU over the superb French 
cuisine, which was prepared by San Diego's foremost chef, 
Marcel, and which was served on Mrs. Fields' beautiful antique 
China, which her long dead mother, Phyllis,. brought with her 
when she fled from Atlanta, Georgia, in 1954. It is a beautiful set, 
as all the guests commented, and is valued well in the neigh-
borhood of $10,000 . 

Mrs. Fields asked me to say she is extremely sorry for the 
occurrence, and is suing Mr. and Mrs. Bill Jones for damages. 

San Diego society turned out en masse Thursday night to glve 
Mr. and Mrs. George S, Scott a going away party in University 
Hospital 's posh "Crisis Ward ." The fete was attended by Mr. and 
Mrs. Joseph H. Vogler, Mr. and Mrs, Thomas B. Hanson, Mr. and 
Mrs. IgorT. Zelf, Mr. and Dr. Randolf Metz, Mr. and Mrs. James 
R. Stiller, Colonel James D. Lambert, American Ambassador to 
Texas, and Mr. Larry C. Todd. 

The theme of the party was "Death in the '70's" and featured a 
performance of Sciatica and Dropping Body Temperature by Mr. 
Scott, which was well received. The performance, which was 

d~ne in the semi-lighted darkness of the oxygen tent, was 
highlighted by the death of his wife of fifty-eight years, Matilda. 
Matilda, who kicked during the climactic ending of Mr. Scott's 
"Solilioquyon Pain in the Chest," presented the guests with a 
veritable tour-de-force as she gasped and wheezed her way to 
oblivion. 

Mr. Scott, who reacted as could be expected of a man who 
really didn't give a shit about anything anyway, merely blinked a 
couple of times, turned over on his face and died. 

Neither Mr, or Mrs. Scott ever amounted to much. 

Environmental Laws Studied at UCD 
Enactment of the National 

Environmental Policy Act in ~ )69, 
followed by the California En-
vironmental Quality Act a year 
later, was like tossing a large rock 
into a millpond. 

The ripple effects of these acts 
on established patterns of 
resources developm nt and 
management are still spreading-
in som cases they look more like 
tidal waves-to publ ic agencies 
and their attitudes toward en-
vironmental protection . 

A UC Water Resources Center 
report by Davis political scientist 
Geoffrey Wandesforde-Smith 
analyzes the Visible effects of 
these two laws on the planning 
and construction of public works 
projects affecting environmental 
values . 

On the national scene, he 
points out that judicial in-
terpretation of the NEPA so 
explicit ly specifies both the 
adm inistrative procedures to be 
followed and the basic elements 
to be considered in planning such 
projects that there no longer is 
much leeway . Government 
agencies must give en-
vironmental values and concerns 
at least equal consideration with 
engineering factors, for instance, 
when preparing pro ject reports . 

This new fact of life is being 
made clear by the courts in case. 
after case. Both the need for 
governme nt programs and 
projects affecting the en-
vironment, and the way they are 
ca rri ed out, now must be 
thoroughly justified and 
documented before getting the 
green light . Failure to do so in 
advance invites lawsuits by alert 
envionmentalist groups. 

A new type of lawyer-
environmentalist has emerged in 
recent years, partly as a result of 
changing public attitudes and 
partly helping to cause further 
tightening of environmental law. 
This specialist probes and pushes 
for weak spots in existing in-
titutions and ' tatutes,then, with 

the help of militant organizations 
oriented toward " t he publ ic 

interest," turns the spotlight on 
the needs they p rceive for 
corr cting legislation or judicial 
interpretation . 

The result. first a trickle, now 
almost a flood, of legal actions 
reaching all the way to the 

upreme Cou rt Step by step a 
new body of case law IS beang 
establashed In thiS process E'n' 
viron mental protection and 
('nhanced environmental qualaty 
have been consistent winners, 
Wandesford'e-Sm Ith b~ leves 

Having the new nvironmental 
prot ction laws clarified and 
app lied in thiS manner, he points 

BRG 
Elections 

Held 

out, sometimE'S dccompll,he" 
another purpose It relal'ves tllllid 
legislatures and <,xec ut IVE'~ of 
having to mak.· politically 
\eOSlllve deCISions themselvf'~ In 
the past , ('nvlronmE'ntal con· 

~i derallons \eldom were tht' 
vic tors when they collldE'd With 
hard political realities , he \dy\ 

Howt'ver, enactmE'nt of a nf'W 
body of law and Its subsequE'nt 
ilmplificallon by the (oum has 
changed all that A ~trong ~roup 
of su pporters serves as It\ 
guardian and promoter 

Continued from Page 1 

the Coop's student activities 
money Imm diately, With the 
first deadline for the presen-
tation of organizations' budgE't 
proposals set for Friday 
Although the final deadlane is 
January 31, Luque said 
organizations presenting 
budgets this week will receive 
best consideration Presen · 
tations will take place for two 
weeks, and the BRG will give the 
Coop its recommendation on 
February 10. 

FREE NOON CONCERT 
Storring the Folk Duo: 

'Ithaea' 

(Plolling their originol compositions) 

Wed,Jan. 22" on the gym steps 

Sponsored Bll: Student Info. Center ond C.P.B. 

[CPb UCSD Campus Program Boord presents 
'f, 'I, ,'/. 'I, '/, '[ 

ProViSional Theatre 
Soturdoll. )onuorll 25 8:30 pm 
"AmERICA F'IECE" cA~~f~~r~ 

Sundoll, )onuorll 26 8:30 pm 
"XA" - A VIETNAm PRimER 

409 m.e. 
" the most balanced theatre practice which I 
have seen in the new theatre anywhere in 
America" 

Village Voice 
Tickets: 53 UCSD Student Discount : 52 

mERCEDES 
SOSA 

Frido,Y. Jonuar,Y 31 
8:30 pm 

Folklorist sinaer from Arlentin.; 
actress in sever.1 'Araentini<ln films. 

"one of the most outslandina sinlers 
of our leMration, who hilS 
dedic.ted her life to the music 
of Araentina and L.tin America" 

Amb<lsS<ldor Alejandro Orin. 

REVELLE CAFE 
Tickets: 52.50 UCSD Student Discount : $1 .00 

, 'I, I, r, 'I ,',<' 

Ie 'ft 'I. ','f, I( • 't' 

AWf'N 
FOLK ENSEmBLE 

Sundoll, )onuorll 26 8 pm 
A brilliant company of 80 dancers, !ifngers, 
and instrumentalists, in beautiful traditional 
costumes, presenting the ethnic arts, of 
Eastern Europe, the Middle East and North 
Africa . 

UCSD GymNASiUm 
Tickets: 53.50 UCSD Student 52.50 

BOX OFFICE 
rNF ORmATION 

Location: UCSD Student Center 
Hours: T ues-ThL'rs Noon-4:30 

Fridull Noon-ll pm 
Soturdoll 6:30 pm-n pm 

-Closed monda,Y-
for information call: 452-4559 



English Graphics Exhibition 
of English graphics of the 18th The show includes portraits, landscapes, classical 
today at UCSD's Mandeville Art and literary subjects, scientific studies of animals, 

Gallery. Th(· ition contains 55 prints and and social satire and commentary. Fuseli, Gains-
drawings reprtsenting major artists and artistic borough, Hogarth, Rowlandson, Romney and 
subjects of the period and reflects an extraorpinary Stubbs are among the artists represented . 
era marked by political and industrial revolution The gallery is located in the Mandeville Center 
and the vas ;: expansion of knowledge and con- _ for the Arts and will be open Sunday through Friday 
sciousness which forever changed the world . 12-5 throu'gh February 21. 

Film: Steve Esmedlna 

Am,,,cord 
"Amarcord" means "I Remember," and it would seem that even 

the most fervent Fellini admirer must be tempted to occasionally 
yawn and mutter, "So what else is new, Federico?" All of Fellini's 
films after "8 1/2" have been cursed with what must be the 
director's fondest memorabalia. At this point, I wish Fellini would 
start forgetting so he would be forced to create rather than re-
create. For despite all of the unqualifiedly praiseworthy reviews 
"Amarcord" has received, and despite the fact that it was voted 
"Best Film of 1974" by The New York Film Critics, "Amarcord" 
strikes me as an almost complete failure: nostalgia giving headway 
to retrogression and senility . 

Fellini stopped making real movies shortly after " 8 1/2." What 
was a breakthrough for the director in that film has become his 
perennial albatross . The constant shifts between subiective fan-
tasies and obsessions with their influence on objective attitudes 
gave "8 1/2" its heightened, mystical quality, similar to Julio Cor-
tazar's short stories. The primary focus of "8 1/2" was the creative 
drain of a fictional director, said to represent Fellini . There was a 
scene in that film which capsulizes just what is wrong with 
"Amarcord": a writer hired to "assist" the director relentlessly 
criticizes the director's prepared script . He tells him " It's just 
another film about your childhood ... 1t lacks ideas, it was no 
philosophical base. It's merely a series of senseless episodes ." 
Whether or not it was conscious, and it hardly matters, this is what 
Fellini h_as concocted with "Amarcord." 

Short-Lived 
Ceramics 

by Loring Spitler 

If you have not spent the past 
week suffering from the seven-
day blink, then you may have 
been one of the few who ven-
tured down into the hole where 
the Mandeville Art Gallery is 
located and discovered a 
rewarding show of ceramics (I 
said ceramics, not 'pots'). Even I 
must admit that I was not aware 
of it until I stumbled upon it. 
Whatever I do write about it will 
be a eulogy, because, by the time 
you read this, the show will be 
closed. 

I have been attending ceramic 
shows for years, and very few 
have left me with any feelings 
other than the wish that I had 
brought along a tea bag and some 
hot water . This time for the 
unfortunately brief period of 10 
days (Jan . 8-17), John Annaloro, 
the director of the Crafts Center, 
and Dan Ganzer, an instructor for 
the Art department, had put 
together a surprisingly wor-
thwhile and satisfying display of 
pieces. 

John aid that the show was 
comprised 01 works done by 
artists from outside of the 
university environs (mainly 
people who are known to John 
and Dan in the L.A., Orange, and 
S.D. county areas), and displayed 
with the primary intent of 
demonstrating the breadth of the 
ceramic medium to the in-
digenous craftspeople. Perhaps 

this is the reason for the lack of 
publicity on the show. 

The range of subtle im -
plication, intriguing detail, 
massive innovation, and 
provocative statements produced 
by the pieces cou ld only be 
inadequately relayed or described 
within this article since the reader 
does not have the option of 
seeing and experiencing the 
works. Consequently, I only wish 

to express my appreCiation, and 
extend my respects tothoseartist 
who contributed, and e!pecially 
to John and Dan, whose efforts 
produced this fine collection . I 
regret that it was so short in 
duration, and wish to encourage 
them to repeat the performance 
at some future date. At that time, 
I hope it does not come as such a 
short lived surprise, surprises of 
this quality deserve to endure . 

At its most fundamental level , "Amarcord" is mer Iy a senseless 
series of scenes from Italianproviniciallife, circa 1935, which are 
very skimpily based around the experiences of a teenage boy, 
presumably Fellini 's surrogate. Again the director wallows in 
auterism's most glaring fallacy . "Amarcord" bursts the dam with 
Fellinisms. The man has become his own most flagrant imitator. The 
interminable procession of su ltry sirens, fat , grotesque women, 
midgets, indolent old men, rambunctious teenagers, and paper 
mache fascists all strain to evoke the erotic sensationalism of " La 
Dolce Vita," the episodic broadness of " Roma" and " The Clowns" 
and the antidramatic naturalims of Fellini 's one indisputable 
masterpiece, " I Vitelloni." Unfortunately, the mixture doesn't gel 
because Fellini piles everything on us without ever establishing a 
credible focus . The scenes involving the school boys bring to mind a 
vision of the young men in " I Vitelloni" ten years earlier, but there is 
no development. Interest in the boys wanes early in the film 
because almost every scene is constructed apart from any 
recognizable totality . We are watching set pieces that are 
gratuitously strung together . Some kind of grotesquerie is on hand 
at every turn to provide audiences who expect perpetual freak 
parades from Fellini with raucous relief. 

Concert Notes by Larry Deckel 
The omniscient narrator who pops in and out of the film at ar-

bitrary moments is one more example of Fellini 's narcissism . The 
conflicting viewpo,nts marr any effect the film might have had 
except as an auteur variety show. 

The sequential nature of " Amarcord" forces the viewer to respond 
to scenes individua lly, and there are a few lovely moments. 
Giusseppe Rottuno's photography is, as usual, clear, crystalline and 
beautiful. In recent years, it is his delicate images which have 
provided Fellini 's films with their intermittent grace. In " Amarcord," 
the seaside scenes, the boys dancing in the snow, the hollowed out 
countrysides, and the opening bonfire are all as pleasing to the eye 
as the rest of the film is unstimulating to the brain . 

The most disheartening thing about " Amarcord" is ' thdt it has 
been so well received . Many people whose opinions I ordinarily 
respect have gone so far as to ca ll this film a "masterpiece." The 
piece part is correct, but it is surely not the work of a master. Those 
of us who have grown weary of Fellini's rehashed autobiographies 
wi ll probably have to continue suffering through the director's 
torturously boring trips down memory lane. 

VolCInteers 

needed for 

the Day 

Care Center 

Page 4 Triton Times January 22, 1975 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 

LIBRARY 
Tholl~lIOds of Topics 

. $2.75 per page 
Send for your up-ta-date, 
176-pa'ge, mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1.00 to cover postage (1 -2 
days delivery time). 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
. SUITE #203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our matenal. ar. sold lor 

research purposes onlv 

We've already mentioned the 
coming appearance of the Aman 
FolkEnsemble to the UCSD gym 
Jan . 26 (TT Jan . 20), but once 
again must point out this 
reportedly exciting presentation 
of ethnic music, dance and song. 
Tickets are availab:e at the 
Student Center box office. 

January's most notable rock 
concert crops up this weekend as 
Englands most notable 
theatre / rock group,Genesis, 
comes to the San Diego Civic 
Theatre January 25 at 8 pm . 

Genesis is one of the few 
groups to have successfully at-
tained a full integration of 

t~eatrics relating specifically to 
t~e music. Central focus is lead 

• non..profll 
public s.rvlce 

ilV-ncy 

Birth 
Control 
Institute 

• Counseling 

• Prewaancy Testing 

• Abortion 

• Birth Control 

• Vasectomy 

• female Sterilization 
Call BCI for 

confidential assistance 
17141 283:6351 

(714) 560-5757 

'. 

singer Peter Cabriel, who adopts 
masks, makeup, and costumes of 
the characters (ranging from 
flowers to lawnmowers to 
demonic visions) singing from the 
lyrics. 

Their current stage presen-
tation has the band performing 
with no openil'lg act, as they 
present the entire hour and forty 

: Eveready case 

minutes of their new album 'JThe 
Lamb lies Down on Broadway" 
which tells a story of epic 
proportion . The presentation 
incorporates the bands excellent 
musicianship , with Gabriel's 
bizarre story of a tough 's ex-
periences in another world , with 
3000 slide projections and various 
special effects . A dynamite show. 

TOPCONIC-I 
wl50mm 1/2.0 lens 

with: 

: Electronically controlled shutter 
: Automatic e_posure system with manual override 
: Through-the lens metering center-weighted 

Retail '28950 Special '/ 7900 
ASK FO" STUDENT 
DISCOUNT CARD 

I hope this article finds you 
basking in the warmth of these 
almost to-good-to-be-true winter 
days. Let's take a short look at 
what is in store artistically in the 
next few weeks. 

Something I certainly won't 
want to miss is the concert at the 
Spreckels Theater, Broadway and 
2nd, sponsored by the La Jolla 
Sinfonia. The performance will 
take place on Saturday, Janaury 
25, at 8:30 pm. 

John Garvey will conduct the 
~member chamber orchestra 
with violinist Zina Schiff as guest 
soloist . 

The 62-year-old Spreckels 
Theater, well known for its 
outstanding architectural and 
acoustic beauty, was once the 
center of the performing arts in 
San Diego . 

Tickets may be purchased in 
advance from The Turntable in La 
Jolla, or by mail from The La Jolla 
Sinfonia, P.O . Box 175, La Jolla . 

A special gala benefit featuring 
world renowned flautist, Jean-
Pierre Rampal will beat Sherwood 
Hall of the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art on March 25 
Ticket prices are $10 and $20. 
Reservations are being taken by 
mail only . Inquiries and reser-
vations may be made by ad-
dressing correspondence to the 
La Jolla Chamber Orchestra, P.O . 
Box 2168, La Jolla. 

Aart-Vark 
by Elizabeth Chiment 

gouache and 1945 metal mobile 
by Alexander Calder to works of 
the 1970's by Robert 
Rauschenberg, Frank Stella, 
James Rosenquist and Andy 
Warhol. 

The show is open free to the 
public. Museum hours are Tues .-
Fri . 10 am to 5 pm, Wednesday 
evening 7-10, and weekends 12-5. 

The Undergraduate Co-
Operative Art Gallery will present 
its first show fedturing Pastels by 
Terry Platt, January 20-31. Hours 
are Mon-Fri, 12-2, in HSS 1145. 

A show entitled "Contemporary 
Ancestors," featuring works by 
Reesey Shaw will run through 
Feb . 5 at the Boehm Gallery, 
Palomar College, San Marcos . 

Finally, an interesting show is 
on display from the Smithsonian 
Institute, at The Villa Mon-
tezuma, 1925 K St . in San Di~go . 
The show is titled "The Black · 
Presence in the American 
Revolution" and is free of charge . 

Do enjoy yourselves . 

Records: Musical Notes Larry Deckel 
RELAYER - YES, Atlantic Records 

Yes's new album is a let-Lown, plain and simple. 
Which is not to say the album isn't good, and isn't 
to say the band has lost its strength with the 
departure of Rick Wakeman (on the contrary, new 
keyboardist Patrick Moraz fits in like a glove), but 
there just isn't enough substance to get his album 
off the ground. 

The problem lies with the fact that the road to 
good intentions is often paved with bad moments. 
"Tales of Topographic Oceans" was a plateau 
which Yes had been heading for from the 
beginning. It was rock as symphony without the 
strings. It firmly established the validity of the 
extended song format and proved that length did 
not mean dreariness. 

But it can get dreary if one is not careful, and 
this is the lesson of "Relayer ." The album lacks a 
strong enough motif, a backbone, even a strong 
mUSical theme to stand on . The result is running 
the borderline between progressive-music and 
progressive-muzak. 

Too many of the old tricks, too much of Jon 
Anderson's pseudo-esoteric lyrics (" Faster 
moment spent spread tales of change within the 
sound"), cloud the sense of totality needed to 
bring this sort of music to a focus . 

The album has its moments, and Yes fans won't 
go away altogether discouraged. Some strong 
instrumental work in the center of "The Gates of 
Delirium, " and a few delicious solos in " Sound 
Chaser," keep enticing, but all in all," Relayer" just 
doesn't have the vitality needed to fulfill the 
promise of the band . 

lUST A BOY- LEO SAYER. Chrysalis Records 
Leo Sayer as lyricist, and David Courtney as 

composer, came into some American prominence 
last year when Three Dog Night recorded their 
composition "The Show Must Go On." His first 
album " Silverbird" was a big hit in Britain, and 
Sayer managed to carve out a small following in 
the States 

I must confess I'm not too familiar with Sayer, 

going on hearsay about his unique ,ound, his 
pierrot/ clown image, and yet his name cropped 
up again when Roger Daltrey recorded his "Giving 
It All Away ." 

And so I stumbled on his second album, " Just A 
Boy," and it was certainly worth the stumble 
Sayer has an unique vocal flavor, having managed 
to take the finer qualities of the upper ranges and 
falsetto, and giving it a power attack The effect 1\ 
comparable to Rod Stewart in his chOir boy day~ 
without the rocks in his mouth It is compelling 

The tunes are in that ambiguous non-
classifiable pop genre that defies labels. and yet 
the arrangements are of such a delicate nature, ~o 
carefully reduced to the minimum that the draw 1\ 
oftimes magnetic The opening number . 
"Telepath ," is perhaps the best case In POint 
merely plano embellished with specific flashes of 
strings, clipped, tight , exciti ng 

It's nice to see pop music take on such class 
............... 

SCORCHING BEAUTY - IRON BUTTERflY. MCA 
Records 

Yup, another reunion . Or sort of one at least 
Erik Braunn (lead vocals/ lead guitar) and Ron 
Bushy (vocals/drums) of the original Iron But-
terfly have come back together With a n w 
keyboardist, Howard Reitzes, and a new baSSI t. 
Phil Kramer. 

The result proof that you can't go back home 
again . The original Iron Butterfly at least had 
charisma. The new Iron B has zilch 

Gone is the energy that made " In-A-Gadda-Da-
Vida" a 60's classic. Gone is the demonic bite of 
Braunn's vocals . Gone is the magic of rock's first 
extended drum solo 

What's left is an unimaginative, run of the mill . 
pop-rock stereotype. Sorry guys, but your butterfly 
sounds real rusty .. 

. ........... 

Gallery-wise, there are a few 
nice shows opening soon in the 

' area . "San Diego Collects," an 
exhibition of paintings and 
sculpture by 20th century 
American and European artists, is 
now at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art and will 
continue through Feb . 24. 

Y on' d Better Get Working on That Trivia 

The exhibition surveys the 20th 
century, and works range from a 
1937 William de Kooning 

Hey Trivia Fans! Just a 
reminder, only 2 days left to get 
those entrieS in from the Triton 
Times Second Annual Trivia quiz . 
Don't be discouraged, we haven' t 
seen a solid contender for the 

COMMUNITY 
IlOODIANK 

311 F. Street . 

Photo 1m ports 
Camera Exchange 

"a real 
camera store" 

Buy-Trade-Repair 
8199 Clairmont 

Mesa Blvd. 
565-9995 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes 1!xamined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fjtted 
repairs 
hours mon.- I". 10.30 - 8:00 
SlI. 10-6 Closed sundays 

arena blvd. 
(ac:ron from lIle sports arena 1 

224-2974 

title of Trivia King yet! So get 
those answers down and send 
them to Barney/Triton Tirpes / 
117 Blake Hall / UCSD / La Jolla, 
Ca . 

Don 't forget, first place winner 

is going to find himself with two 
tickets to see Paul Williams and 
ccmedian Freddie Prinze Feb. 8 at 
the Civic Theatre, plus the usual 
albums and what-not for runners 
up and our special "dumb-luck" 

random entry winner . 
And yes, if you've lost your 

copy of the Qui z, you can find 
another at your local TT office 
Hurry, no entries accepted after 
midnight Friday! 

BUREAUCRACY CONFERENCE 
Sponsored by the Student Co-op, Student Organizations, and the Interns. 

Sunday, Jan. 26 FREE Lunch and Dinner 
Call Sandy at x 4450 for reservations 

Pale 5 Triton Times January 22, 1975 



San Diego Losers: 

..... 1 •• 011 
5poItIYlor 

The Q's and the Hobie Cat 
It was an odd position that I found myself in . Listening to a game 

and trying to figure out what was going on from outside the arena. 
The Q 's were playing Indiana, or some other ungodly state that the 

ABA ca lls a team , and there I was listening to the game from the press 
gate. 

There was the usual "C), Ca ldwell Jones" emitting from the PA 
system whenever "C), Caldwell Jones" scored. After about three "C), 
Caldwell lones,"'s, I figured the Q's were ahead, because CJ doesn'f 
score all the Q's points. 

But then a couple, carrying a radio, came along and I found out that 
the Q's were losing 13-10. Oh, but for the want of a few more "CJ, 
Caldwell Jones"'s. 

After finally convincing the man at the gate that I really was a 
member of the Press and did know Bruce Binkowski, the Director of 
Media and Public Relations, I was able to get into the game. 

When I got in the Q 's were actually ahead, but that didn't last very 
long, as I ndiana scored the next 8 points to take a 25-20 lead. 

UCSD Hosts 
All-Cal 
Basketball 

The UCSD Tritons will be 
hosting the AII-Cal Basketball 
Tournament on Friday and 
Saturday. Teams from Riverside, 
Davis and Irvine are expected to 
compete. 

A ction will begin Friday 
evening at 6 pm with the Aggies 
of Davis taking on the Riverside 
Highlanders. The Tritons will th~n 
meet the Irvine Anteaters in the 
feature game at 8 pm 

The losers in Friday's action 
will meet at & pm Saturday in the 
consolation game. The Cham- . 
pionship game will then be 
played at 8 pm . 

Coach Barry Cunningham feels 
his team has a chance to win if 
" the team works hard and plays 
errorl ess basketbalL" Going into 
the tourney one would have to 
rate the Triton s as the und rdog 
as Davis, Irvine and Riverside are 
all NCAA Co ll ege Division 
schools 

The second quarter went just the way the first one did with Indiana 
moving out to a 52-43 advantage, primarily on the ~oves of one 
George M cG innis. 

M cGinnis has moves. Lots of them. And he is BIG. He could 
probably be a starting tight end for most pro football teams. One just 
doesn't argue with anybody like M cGinnis, and t he Q's didn't try to . 
The Q's jllst sat by and watched in amazement as M cGi nnis ei ther 
scored one or two of his 28 points or passed off to Billy Knight for an 
easy lay-up. Knight managed to pour in 34 points wh i le everyone was 
watching McGinnis . 

Sieve Kircher shoots from behind a Paul Trainer screen in the 
Tn'ton 's recent win over Point Lama. Kircher and Trainer wtll 
lead UCSD into the All-Cal Tourney to be held here on Fn·day 
and Saturday. 

Th Trito ns are presently 3-1 in 
league play and 7-7 overall. They 
incurred one of their 10 se at 
Davis earlier in the season. 

Halftime featured Miss Conquistador, as she displayed her talent for 
drawing numbers out of a box. The big prize was a Hobie Cat sai lboat, 
which for some unexplicable reason was never claimed by the holder 
of the winning ticket. It's too bad . It would have been the only thing 
San Diego would have won all night. 

Fencers 
Take 2nd 
At All-Cal 

In just one more of the 
multitude of AII -Cal events, the 
UCSD Fencing team took a 

The econd half was almost as dreary as the first half. The only th ing surprise second last weekend at 
that made the half interesting was a late run by the Q's, pulling them to ' Santa Cru z. Though the Tri tons 
within three, 79-76. It even brought some life to an otherwise dead had captured the tourney the last 
crowd . U'nfortunately, the Q's cou ldn 't quite catch Indiana; and, as a two years, the members of the 
re ult ended up losing the gam e, 108-91 . team only have an average of two 

The Crowd. There were some 2500 people (to be liberal with figures) quarters of fencing experience. 
in attendence. And for the most part they seemed to be asleep. Only UC Berkeley captured the top 
when the Q 's made their last gasp or when a referee made a ca ll that honors with 53 points followed by 
wasn' t I iked did the crowd even register on the decibel scale . the Tritons with 47 and Santa 

More typical was the solo voice that rang out when George Adam Cruz with 40. 
missed a free throw, "Come on Dead Eye!'; leaving the scoreboard In the individual events the 
operato r doubled over the panel in such a manner as to infer hilarity to Tritons captured the M en's Epee 
the statement . Championship behind the fencing 

The crowd made 0 much noise that the PA system was constantly of Richard Spahl , who took the 
drowning out the crowd . With sleepers like these, it is no wonder that individual honors. 
someone missed the drawing and failpd to clai m their Hobie Cat. Steve Heard 's fourth place 

.... ~ .... ~ .... -.. ~ .... ~ .... -. 

t DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT!! I 
t .... ISRAELI FOLK DANCING I 

.... FALAFEL f .... FILmS , 
t ..... EBULLIENT PEOPLE!! I 

.... PRESENTED BY UJS • 
f SAT. 25 JAN 75 MUIR CAFE 8 PM I 

Reasons for Roots. 
No.4. Naturally shaped toes. 
Roots roomy uppers aren't shaped like o rdinary 
shoes. But they are shaped li ke ordinary feet. Your 
toes will stay healthfully uncrowded. 

The Sport Root. 
one of 10 styles. 

Sold only at Roots shops 
Gift certificates available 

10909 Kinross Ave.. Westwood Village (2l3) 478-0101 
1218 Prospect St . La Jolla. Calif (714) 459-5000 

City feet need Roots. 
P,lge (, Trilon Times JanudrY 22, 1975 

finish led the Tritons to a second 
place finish in the M en's Sabre, 
behind Berkeley. Mike Arnall led 
the Tritons to third place in the 
Men's Foil Competi tion . 

The women, behind Claudette 
Girdner's second pia e finish took 
second place in the roi l event. 
The women " fenced very we ll " 
So well that one touch cost them 
the hampionship and the team 
the overa ll title, a cording to 
White . 

Satu rday the r ncers take on 
UCLA in th e Main Gym in a ten 
man Epee tournament. In anoth er 
week the Tritons wi ll b hosti ng a 
national fencing power, th e Air 
rorce Academy. 

Petricca's 
Gnocchi 

SIII4wiehet 

Try O ur New Apple Burrito 

'Food to Goa 
No Eltra Charge 

$1 .00 Off on Larg<' Pilla 
With Thi~ Ad 

3945 Governor Or. 
Safeway Shopping Cl r. 

1M BS' 
Winter Season in Full Swing 

rebruary 8 will mark the coming of Superstars to UCSD, or, at least 
those Superstars among us will have the opportunity to be recogni zed 
as uch. 

Modeled aft er the ABC-TV Superstars specia l, the Recreation 
Department has initiated it 's own Team Superstar competition . There 
wi ll be five events, &0 yard dash, 50 yard wim, bench press, free throw 
shooting and the baseball throw for accuracy. 

Teams will be composed of five members, at least one of which must 
be of the opposite sex. With the five v nts, It i n't hard to ome to th 
concl usion that each p rson hould specia li ze in one event. 

If you are at all interest ed in showing off your Superstar status, now 
is the time to get your team togelher, practice and sign your team up 
with Harry Bloom in the Recrea tion Office. 

••• 

1M sports proved so popular this quarter that gym space i now at a 
premium . One of th e ~ctivities is even using the gym o n Saturday 
morning. 

Monday and Thursday nights find the volleyballers going at it . There 
are 3S teams competing in five leagues , All of which keeps Ron Werft 
very busy . 

Sunday, Tuesday night and Wednesday fi nd the gyms occupied to 
the gill s with basketball players, 105 teams worth to be exac t 

rloor Hockey is the unlikely or unlucky 1M activity that is it 's 
participants recovering from hangovers with a vengence on Saturday 
mornings. A new sport , hockey has proved to be popular, attra tlng 
enough teams (13) to form two leagues. Tom Stewart and his Twin 
Cheeks got things roll ing Saturday morn with a 5-0 whitewash of the 
Dolphinphloggers (or some such team). Stewart was brilli ant In the 
net , while teammate Sce lover (?) registered th e fi rst hat tr ick of thE' 
wason 

One-pit h oltba ll also got off to a swinging start fr iday with th bad 
guys (Snakeweed or Snakewood, whi chever you prefer) taking ad-
vantage of four good guy (E I Chunko) errors to run up it nine run ~Ixt h 
inning and a 14-4 victory . Monday saw the S men of SCriPP 10 e a 
laugher to Monteverde's Mixed Hreed, 21-6 . 

Some twenty teams signed up for the one-pitch season, forCing the 
1M D pt to sch dule we kend game down at the Matthew field 
Should be an interesti ng sea on, I" pecia lly if Harry manages to hi t 
anoth er homerun Harry (the bloomer, not boomer) managed to hit 
two big ones out of the park on rriday, but o ne wa caught, while the 
other would have been had the fielders glove not broken (no Harry, it 
waln't necausp you hit it so hard) . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

WED. JAN. 22 USB 2722 

Cl 6'" 6y 
~1£1i()1()§ I?c., 

7:30 & 9:30 
$.75 

. . . . . . . . . . . -. . . . . . . . -. . . . . . . . 

Wc"ve got a plan 
to make your banking easier • 

'The eo .... Plane 
What we' ve got is a very 
special package of services 
designed specifically for col-
lege students. We call it the 
College Plan, and here's what 
makes it so special: 
The College Plan 
Checking Account. 
First you get completely 
unlimited checkwriting for 
just $1 a month, (Free during 
June, July and August.) You get 
monthly statements. And the account 
stays open through the summer even 
with a zero balance, so you don't ~ 
have to close it in June, reopen it in 
the fa ll. 
Personalized College Plan Checks 
are included at a very low cost. Scenic or 
other style checks for a little more. 

BankAmericard~ Next, if you're a qualified student of 
sophomore standing or higher, you can also get 
BankAmericard. Use it for tuition at state universities, for 
check cashing identification and everyday purchases. Can· 
servative credit limits help you start building a good credit 
history. 
Overdraft Protection. This part of the package helps you 

BANK OF A"ER IC A NTI SA "E"BE~ FO IC 

avoid bounced checks, by covering 
all your checks up to a prearranged limit. 

Educational Loans. Details on 
Studyplan® and Federally In-
sured loans are available from 
any of our Student Loan 

Offices. 
Accounts. All 

our plans provide easy 
ways to save up for holi-

days and vacations. 
Stude nt Represent-
atives. Finally, the Col-

lege Plan gives you individual 
help with your banking problems. 

Usually students or recent gradu-
ates themselves, our Reps are located 

at all our major college offices and are 
easy to talk with. 

Now that you know what's included, why 
not drop by one of our college offices, meet your Student 
Rep, and get in our College Plan, It'll make your banking a 
lot easier. 

Depend on us. More California college m 
students do. 

BANKOFAMERICA 

............................................................................... , ........ .. 

i Noon Concerts F or Winter Quarter 
1/29 Doug Kenny, Speaker 

Editor of National Lampoon 
2/19 "Oysterman" 

Throw up your lunch with 
the perverse nostaglia of 
Oystennan. 

2/5 To Be Announced 2/26 Third College Concert 

2/1 2 "Squatters' Rites" 
T raditional and Bluegrass. F onnerly the 
" Molly Stone Group" appearing regularly 
around North County. 

TODAY: 

T his concert will be held at the Third 
College Quad (grassy area in front of cafeteria). 
More info in the future . 

3/5 Israeli Folk Dancing 
Sponsored by the Union of 
Jewish Students. 

"Ithaca" 

t 
i 
t 
t 
il 
t 
il 
il 
il 
il 
il 
il 
il 
il 
il 
t 
il 
il 
il 
il 
il 
il 
il 
il 
t 
t 
i 
t 
t 
il 
il 

A folk duo playing their t 
original compositions. .. 

NOON CONCERT -- FREE EVERY WEDNESDA Y_~~.,--.~I 
THIS QUARTER ON THE GYM STEPS _ E 

i 
.. 

t SPONSORED BY THE STUDENT CENTER AND CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD 
. ................ ,., ... , ...... ,.,., ...... , ..... , ......................................... . 

' .IRe 7 Tri lon Tim~ I.n .... ry J.J. , 1" 7'; 



r-. ~~, 4It what's happening ................. "fl>.. ~--. ......... 4'ft~ .... ~. 4a~1 
me in- · notices Muriel Neebttt Ph.D. from 110 Dept will IHA •• AT DINNER J.n M. 7:30 Muir lectures 

.... be the gueet fllculty member .t the Apt Loune.11 MI 
Women'. wHIIIv conaclou_ ra ... ng 'rown ••• Lunch .t the Wom.n·. D.nce-I ..... I folll denclng Felefel J.n 

top floor Student C .... r J.n. 23. (1/221 IIfCI\!pa: Mon. nlghta 7;1:311 pm.nd Tuea. welcom • . I11221 211:00. Muir Clfet.,..11 MI of SociolOgy .nd Government H.rv.rd 

J 
mornlne. 10-11:311 .m. More Info: ON - GOING ASSERTIVENESS Unlvenltv "Prof_ora .nd PoIItIce" 

HOR IE.ACKRIDI' .G CLUB _ W-.... . WOMEN'S CENTER 4I2-2DZ3 or Connie WORKSHOPS FOR WOMEN ThuI'I-Fri. TRAINING FOR WOMEN. Smell group Wed .• J.n. 22 4:00 pm. Informal Lounge. 
... ......11/221 ~ Conaclou. R.laln. Rwel .. Formel -'_. continuing • minimum of 4 Revel .. C.mpu .. (1/221 Jan. 22 .t 4:00 In R.JC Gym Conf. Room. Set Sun ~ Tort MC3111Z Cant. Rm.Lne. 

N.w members we!<:om • . (1/22' ATTENTION MUIR Winter Gradu.tlon CaR & _ _ Coun. Center :nil will. Foreue on euumptl_ which 
Candldi.tM: Contect Mre. W.rner In Wom.n·a C.nt. 2DZ3.11/MI lead to no~....nIve behavior .nd on by 'en Johneon Fri. J.n. M - 7:311 pm ~ 

ATTENTION 'SSO I.leek Science Muir PorvOlt OffIce to .rrang •• n develOpment of _rtIve behevlor. HARRY PARTCH: T_erd • world ~ Stud.nt. Org.nlzatlonl m.mbe,,1 appolntm.nt for your flnel deg,.. Rev .... Senlo,. Int_ted In working Ilgn-up In Wom.n·. C.nt., .nd Mu.lc I: Corp_111m .nd atertlng .11 Meeting •• re held every Wade. IIpm In check .nd to fl .. your candidaCY card. on Graduation Commlnee P ..... _ Couneellng Center. For Info. 8 -" over 1_ mcl US. 3DI08. 11 21' 111M' Yolanda Gare" In Revelle ProvOlt M.ry.8-3l1a 'acca. 11 MI Offlc.. H.lp pl.n Commenc.m.nt Union of J_18h Studenta - Lecture GROUP EXPERIENCE: FOR PERSONS VOCATIONAL INTEREST SURVEYS: Ceremony In Junall1221 Studenta end Faculty Invited: The 1m'1 Wed. Jan. 22 1:00 pm. Revelle Informal WANTING to get to kn_ othe,. on Conae/lng for majora and c .... ,.. Mon Club I. ap_ortng a whe,-"wetchlng J ..... - camft... u -reoft • not f.c.. . W N--'" a R-I".t ... - t to -. on Lounge S.ymour M.rtln LlPMt "I.,... ..... .... ......- 4-1. Tu. 2-3. 2lIIIO H-L J.nnl Murray. ..... ••• u ... n _. ..curalon Sat. J.n. 21. 'OIIt daparta d Th A I J I h C ~ Mo-"'-y night. J.n . ..... 7pm. room to b. ....- • d .... R ou S "'Commln.. an • mar c.n .w • om-.-~, Acting Col ..... Dean. Hugh P.t •• Ph.- .... u _. • rca u... from'" Forth landing In MINIon 'ay I "11/221 .nnounced. (1 271 D. (3 / 141 of the Student Coop. Any atudenta at 1:00 a .m . SHARPI Adulta .'.10; mun tv. Int • .-fad pl- - Yolande G.rc" In children under 12 frae. P"n to be g- rt MUIR OUTING CLUB m .. ta Thu,.. IIpm ALUMNI & FRIENDS OFFICE hu. R I .. Provoat Offl thl wHk (1221 a In HSS 2210. Rock climbing thl. .tud.nt Intern .v.llab.. to .newer eva c.. . 2-3 hou,.. Make reaervatlona at 412-weekend. (1 221 UCSD Art G.IIery. Engllah Graphlca of 3731. no later then Wed. Jan. 22.11/221 qu.tlon. .nd rec.lv. .ugg.tlon. ~ IMPORTANT U.C. Stud.nt lobby _out the Alumni ora-nlzatlon. C.II the 11th C.ntury. M.ndeville CI~~~r PAGE II •• lIv •• ndllvlng. In lower Muir The aecond annu.1 Wom.n·. Art Show 
tI W- .. J 22 5:00 2nd fl Ron Rob.rta .t 462....m. or .top by 212 through F.b 21 . H,.. Sun.-Frl. 12-1. Common.lna.t to C.pel. Com. In and et UCSD I. In the H-L Art Gal .. ry now: 

Student C.nter. 11221 MC. Tu .... W.d .• FrI.. 1-4 pm. (1/311 UJS CAMP WEEK-END: Feb. 21 -23; !liP Or whatever. Mon-Frl. 10-4 Mon . • nd Monday J.n. 2Oth-J.n. 31. Op.nlng 4-7 

J 
m.. ng. .... .n. . .. oor. 

mora Info to com • . Joann. lavin 481- Wad. nit .. 7-10. 11 /221 pm. Mon. Jan. 20. 11/241 
ALL INTERESTED FOURTH SEX CLINIC: Coun •• llng on 9579.11241 
STUDENTS. th.r. will be • mHtlng on S •• u.1 Probl.m • . W.d. 3-5 pm; Revall. fl"lms" 
Thure. J.n. 23 .t 4:00 In the ProvOlt'. Coun •• lo,. Offlc. (n •• t to the R.v. CALPIRG f .. card. for Winter 711 now musIc J 
offlc. to outllna propoaal. for • par- ProvOlt Offlc.l. Judith Jorg.n •• n. .v.lI.bl. et Edna. (1221 
m.nant gov.rnm.nt. (1 221 M.D.: Hugh P.t ... Ph.D. (3 / 14' Und .. gradu.t. Art Gell.ry I. now op.n. " FUTURE SHOCK" - ba.ed on Alfrad 
PLANNING COMMITTEE for Mu ir dally 12-2. Grand op.nlng: 5-7 p.m. Toffl.r·. book - will b •• hown Sun. Jan. C.nter for Mu.lc Exparlm.nt to preHnt 
P.rantl· W .. k.nd (Merch 7.1&" m •• ta Surv.y; Unlv. Book.tora I. con.ld .. lng Showing: P •• t.l. by T.rry PI.tt . 21. 7 pm.t Univa,.lty Luth.ran Church. "Shantl:· . cont.mporary .Iectronlc 
Thu,.. J.n. 23. 12:00 In Muir Dun'. having the N.Y. Tim .. d.llv.red on. Ev.ryon. w.lcom • . Food. (1 221 Fr •• & op.n to the public. 11241 mu.lc plac. by Jun Chari .. Eloy J.n. 
offlc • . If unabl. _ to .n.nd. contact dally b •• I. for cu.tom.r purchaalng. 22. 8:30 pm. In Bldg. _ MC. Public 
Bobble Gray In Muir OHna Offlc. Any D.pt. or Indlvldu.1 Int .... t.d cell Ph.lp. .nd Mert.1 pley tonlght.t W.d. J.n. 22 " Wh.t I •• Fi.h7" 12 7104 
X3IiI7. (1 221 .xt. 3740. Bonnl • . (1/22' R.v.lI. Sid. Door. 1:30 to 11 pm. (1221 Urey H.II. (1 / 221 Info. (1/221 

J -....--....~--.. -----------....... --...advertisements for ourselves .. .........-. 
~ f I 1889 B.nnalli Stra.t Blk.125 cc. 2 cycl.. t d RTD - B.lng In lov •• om.tlm •• m •• n. Houa.m.t. w.nt.d to .hare room In J or sa e with bo • . $150.00 Mlk.m-liIIO. (1 24' wan e forlllving thoughtl ... n .... CSK (122' sp.clou.4 b.droom. 4 b.th hou .. In 0.1 M ... Laundry f.clUtl •• Included. \4 AERIA 12 String w c .... gr .. t .haP' 2 month old AM &FM at ... o rac.lv.. Wom.n .Ing.,.. POlta. mu.lcl.n ••• tc. BIRTHY HAPOAY STOCKINGI (122' block from b •• ch . .. month plu. utll . • '50. 481-0486. 1124' BSR turntabl. & two .Ir .u.p.n.lon NHeled for cultural .nt.rtalnm.nt 101 _ B_ar. of the Dreaded MIGHTY 7&6-71111. 11 /221 
! !'-:~t~1O oI~~'::h c;,':':~. ::~~;:I~c: ~=~7~~- .1 ... 11 fOr teO. 277-8244 ::'k:~:rI:'o~::t::-:~::' In :::r;;: :I~:~py blrthd.y to you. H.ppy ~:::·C::~N~D~IU::~l.r~;ed~~~: J t270 eell for 170 or baat off ... W.t .ult. HIGH QUALITY PUKA SHELL working with chlldran from w.lklng Birthday to you. Her. I. your pa,.on.l. no dog • . Non-.mok ... Bob or John 271-flta pareon .pprox. I ' 170 lb. with J.t NECKLACES; .p.cl.1 ord.,. can b. .g. to 5 y,.. for. min. of 3 hre/wk. Now you kn_llov. you. Tom 11221 7!iOI ' till11 pm. (1 / 221 f in • • m.k. bootl •• hood. & carrying m.d.; ."MO; for Info c.1I Tim 452-8E7. Exc.lI.nt •• p.rI.nc. for all YOU pre- At UCSD w. do have fun. With w.lrdOl bag · .100 or offer. "" -..-. (1 241 (1 221 m.d • . Contact JOII •• t UCSD D.y C... thla pl.c. I. over run. But _ don' t M Or F roomm.t. w.nt.d for f.nta.tic 3 JETHRO TULL TICKETS I S.t. F.b 1 et C t b th 3 d C II R H II 462 I d .11 fit In Right hare .t bed. hou •• In Enclnlta • . .. I mo. for ~ ~ ~~~::~~:~:::.~ ~i~:,~-;:;~s~=:. -~M~.:I:tz~.~'~r1dg(·,~/g24u~,~i~.~;:.: ;~;i~:'C~:: · :::.M:d ~"":£~~~:~~= 3 4 dlff.rent slz. board • • fib., ...... fl.. VOLVO 1.70 .uto • • Ir. TB. Mlch.lin -- S.C, . ' H.ppy Blrthd.y. But Uglyl J 

~ ~-=; .~;~~~c wh ..... v.l .. bl • . N •• I ;;~I'I' low mll.g • . • 2150. 271-1031 (p1 ' G.t rick qulckl Form.r Econ 1B Fri.ndz (1 221 ~1~~!:·::~·· I:;:~~:,.~:u·:.:y~ stud.nt.. ..II your 9th .dltlon j.c .. M.rry chrl.tm ... . . k. (1221 "1.21. C.U 452..,... P.m or Char. ' ff1 SAAB. 2 .trok. (no valv .. ,. 30 m.p.g. 71 Ch.vy Y, ton pick up I .... by month. S.mu.l.on. Cont.ct PrOf. M.nn et 462- Ip1/241 N_ .ngina. tren.mi .. lon. clutch • • tc. $76.00. full m.lnt.n.nc • . 22>4-7176. (p1 3a for. buyer. (p1/24' h " $1000. Bruc. 236-1171 or .... "2. 221 ouslng UCSD .tud.nt nHel.1 or 2 .tudenta to I 1/ 31' CARS LEASE - full m.lnt.nanc. " .00 FIGURES MOOELS-ALL SIZES. t50/ hr. .harelarg. two bdrm dupl.x In Cardiff. J ~ ~ Honda 176. Looka ho".ndou • . Run. ;;,r month. 22>4-7145 Eva • . 279-8031 . (p1 273-53171-10 AM (p1 /221 ROOM ATE NEEDED _ to .h.ra nlc. 3 ~1~~~UI.tand nlc . ... caIiHarry4l2·tnI . • upar. R.bullt 1000 ml .go. Elect ay.t.m NEED EXTRA CASH I P.ylng Top Dol"r bdrm. In C.rdlff " .00 a month plua F.mRmt. needed for 2-bdrm . • pt. In n.ed. work $273.52. 7!i6-C23I. (1/221 ZEUS 12 .p .. d blcycl • . r.tall "'711. Blu.. for your U.S. Silver Coin. minted before utllltl .. 753-8871 Furn/ unfurn. 1124' So .. na 'ch . .... Includn utilltl_ Call 23 Inch .• 631 D.B. Fram • . 23 lbe. P.rf.ct 1 .... K.n462-I32I. (pl/14, Toni d.y452 ..... nlght7ll-107li. I1/MI Skll. (brand n.wl FI.cher Gla .. Gra. condition . • 296. D.v. P. 452-8411. (1241 UNFURNISHED ROOM & Bo .. d for 2 1201 em' $70 or ~t offer. SR-10 T.I . Burned .t.ro rac.lv.r or d.funct 3· M. on the b .. ch In ocean.ld • • In •• - 'Iost and found' ~ J c .lculator Llk. n.w $50 Br.d 463-7117 FREE to good hom. - whit. p.,.I.n c.t motor t.p. d.ck fOr p.rta - oth.r cheng. for odd-job work. 433-76!11. 
. . . with gl .. a .Y'. 277-7484. (1 221 I tit ff 0 C I ..- '112 E ( 2 

J 
(2/ 101 • ac ron c au . ave o .... ,~ or v... p 1 41 

" •• t. 3D77. (1 221 
Ster.O amplifl.r Dynaco SCA-eG-a 10 services FEMALE ROOMATE Lo.t . y.lI_ handled pocket knlf. 
w.tts. Fin. qu.llty-gr •• t v.lu •• 130 c.1I Rid. to G.n •• I. Conc.rt .t Civic need.d R.nch Shard.W.ld," No. 213 on blade. A 
.v.nlng. J.ff 463-14167. (1/ 221 Th •• tre J.n. 25. Larry 462-3411 D.y. 452- Styl. hou... Barn. chlck.n.. cow.. pareonal t .... ura _ R_.rd . ...... 

1131 night. (1 22' .m.1I prlv.t. room .SO. 715-0412 
AM-FM CarR.dlo Audlovox .olld .tat. .. t~ $95 par wk/ p.rt tim • . Unlimited avanlng. (1241 .vanln .... (1/221 J 
."" orlgl'nally - m -- . (1/22' .. rnlng pot.ntl.1 In .dd .... lng .n- I n .. d e rid. from L.J. to Irylna on 1/24.' S 01 
-- --,- LOIt: ilver & Tyrqu •• ring In Hum. 

J 
v.lop •• et hom • . Comp.nl .. p.y top r.turnlng 3/24. Will .h.r. g.. & •• - MASTER Bdr .• G.neu. Hlghl.nd. 3 bdr. Lib. wom.n·. reatroom. R_.rd to 

Bundy Stud.nt Flut.. In good con- ;:~~~!:~~f'!'~~~~:~o~:~~::~~:. =op~ p.nc ... 462-8163 .fterl:OO pm. (1221 Town hou ••. • ,. for 1 • • ,35 for 2 & utll. ..turn.r. Call Su.I.756-11112. 11/221 
dltlon. C.II462-a;70 . .. k for R.nd. (1/ 221 portunltl .. with th ... comp.ni .... nd WANTED: M.th.mathyc.1 .nalyal. by 453-1382. (124 . LOST: Antlqu. w.ddlng ring _ Mondey 
DIVING WETSUIT Nylon two j.ck.t. $2 to Pho.nl. Adv.rtl.lng. P.O. Bo. Griffin. 414-4186. 1122' She .. 3 bdrm CI.lrmont hou ... f.nceC! In gym. gold with ruby. gernat It 
P.nt • • hooded v.at. m.dlum. good 11707. Atl.nta. G • . 30305. (p1 .24' yard. 4.7 mil •• UCSD. M/F • .., own turquol ••• tona. PI .... call P.m 412- J Anyon. inter •• t.d In pl.ylng p.ddl.b.1I 3471 412 3711 (1 221 

J 
~~~~~:;d. ::~~~. ~~~~~7' E.- ~~:N:.~:.A~~~!I~. We~~~d ~~: t~. ty:.~ ... AI. 2I842A or462-9239. (1241 ~~~~. 270-4112 or D.v. Col • • •• t. 3D77. or - . 

p.rI.nc.d on all typ •• of p.p.,.. fut. F ... houalng .t M.mmoth for 3 d.y. If FEMALE want.d to .here room In ~~n~~~ :D~~~~~~' c~~~n::m~ l~tC::~:: 
DYNACO p.s3x pr.smp Dyn.co Merk ra.lonabl •• nd h •• en IBM. Pi .... c.1I you c.n glv. 2 p.opl •• rid • . DOria eftar Triton Tlmu offlc • . (1 221 
IV power em PI (2' Big AM FM tunar • her at 586-7010. Th.nk you. (p1 /241 9 pm. 487.ot7l. 11/22' dupl •• In 0.1 Mer. Y, block from 
G."edh 56B turntable. larg. adv.nt SUMMER JOliJS FOR 76 ' - No •• _ b .. ch. " .00 mo. 411-1230. 11 MI FOUND: W.II.t of Cynthl. J . M.zz.no. J ri,··k.,. ell for MOO. Mlk. 270-1331. (1 p.ri.nc. n.c .... ry. Apply for job. et carpool to cl.lm com. Into the Triton Tim •• 
~ Stat. end F.d.r.1 Perka. Gu .. t Rsn. ROOMMATE NEEDED: fum . • pt. 3/4 offlc • . (1 221 Men·. 3 .p. blk • • 21 ' frem. w / g.neretor ~::;~ ~~~'~~:'no:d ~I~::: t~':p~:: C.rpool w.nt.d from 0.1 C.rro. AIII.d :: ~~~mM~~~!!. :~~~o~~. ~ LOST: Gold w.tch.t S.t night cocktail light. ret-trap p.del •. ...• 35 - 463-5614 R I 200 C I"f I Gard.na. S.n CarlOl ar ••. DOug 211- Villeg. Apta. (1 221 party In .tud.nt c.nter. If found- 452-~ Mik •• venings. (1/22' .c. v. ov.r a lorn. n.m •• end 4291i. (1/22' 1711. (1 221 S.e.on tlck.ta for the Tu .. d.y matln.. Box 7011 Monter.y. C • . 93940. (p1 'DI personals t90 per month. plua utilltl ... 756-&a. 11 LOST: Brown Sued. co.t .nd w.ll.t .ddr ...... S.nd n .oo to J .O.B. P.O. Room In larg. houa In Sol.na B .. ch. J 
J 

of the Aft. for sal. or will tr.d. for HAIRCUTS on c.mpu. by • 22' S.t. nit •• t party .t 2031 N. Co •• t. 
Mond.y m.tin.. tick.t.. Merk 223· prof ... lon.1 tl/cut. Cell Margi. 452- R_ard. Sabina. _-tOI7. 11 221 
1098. evenings (1/24' 9486 or8th floQrTlog • • H-M . 11 271 HOI HOI HOI Iv.n Ho.H.v •• Heppy FEMALE roommate w.nt.d .h ... 

Blrthd.y .nd • m.rry on. too. From room. Irg dupl ••. aol bch. 76.00 month 
89 BMW Br.nd new Konl • • Mlch.lln.. your .uthor. Sir W.lter Scon .nd m. & utll. LI .. 766-2111. (1 241 LOST: Ona pair of photogrey g"_. In 
t.n p.lnt job. 4fr4-aB. K •• p trying. travel ' too. (122' FEMALE ROOMATE NEEDED In LaJol1a the undergradu.te .cl.nc. building on J 
.ft.rnoons .nd .v )nlnga only. (1/24' the hum. lib.. Kelly D.vl.. 277-0131. 

Villag. Apta. Clo •• to c.mpu. - ..,. I .. v •• tTriton TIm .. offlc • . I1221 ~ Bruc. ln 321 - w. IIk.d your .tchlngsl A month & utllltl ... 452-8317 .fter5. (1 221 Whit. 66 MUlte, g. 6-cylinder. r.bullt CHARTERS TO EUROPE 1m low •• t .Ir & K In 223. (1 221 To the guy with brown heir and orang • • utom.tlc tran.ml.alon .a:ft. J.ck 481. f .... from $310. Round trip to LON· nd" hiM I .- DON . AI.o • bit mo ... fllgh O - to'. AM- NHeI F. Rmt • . La Joll. VIII.g.'" mono T-.hlrt who " fou my watc n u r 0496 (127' .. TO BUTTER - W. h .. r youlll Bump .. . - I Fri 17 _. t . STERDAM . BRUSSELS. IRELAND . (furn., Fr .. trenap. to .chool. C-I227. commuter oung. on . - ..... rn 0 Bump ... Bump ... • nd w. lov. you. From (124' Triton Tim.. .-.rd --- 11221 J. FRANKFURT • • nd .om. conbln.tlon. yOur ••.• ult.m.t •• (1 22' . - - . HP-45 c.lculator. li lr " nftW condition Into on. city out .nother. In S.n DI.go ~~~ ~~ ~~ 4ft,...... • 
$250. 463-3031 . Val (122' Iinc. 11125. c.!' ORAPER WORLD One •• g.ln. for the aacond qu.rter In • --------____ I11III _____ ....... II1II_ ........... 
T.nnia r.cqu.t Bf ncroft PI.yer Specl.1 
w /n.w Victor 1m.). gut. 4 5/8 L . 30.00 
•• t 3281 . L •• v. mUI'II. C.ln • . (1 24' 

Surfboard 7'A bfllnrl new". U •• d 3 
t im •• C -1 • . (1/ 291 

MINT ZERO 100 Tu rnt.b l. complet. 
w ith w.r.nt .. cerd on n.w ADC XLM 
c.rtrld .... . 175 8-0371. (1 241 

p ...... c.r rantal •. pure h ••••• tc. on 
.11 trev.1 c.II281-8141. (p/lnd, 
SSW Trav.1 Offlc. - ON CAMPUS . 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS 
Int'I Stud.nt 10. Eurall. HOIt.1 Card • . 
Tripping Meguln.. .tc .... UCSD In· 
t.rnatlon.1 C.nt .. 462-G13O 11 .m-4 pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Clo ••• d Tu. - Thu. 
(p3/141 
EU ROPE-ISRAEl-AFRICA·ORIENT 
stud.nt flight. y... round. Contact: 

row. BI.k.2IiO h •• glv.n the b.t perty 
th.t U.C.S.D. h •• ever ... n. W. would 
Ilk. to •• t.nd .peel.1 thank. to .11 
p.opl. who contributed. .nd h.lp.d 
put thla 'In. But then ... There·a nallt 
qu.rt.r • • nd .. . · B-B-B.by. you .In·t 
. .. n nothln' y.t". (1 241 

d .. troy unnatural .yet.m • . To c.-t. 
h.rmony. w. muat chang. natura. lov. 
CSK 1122' 

RTO to cr .. t. natura. w. mu.t J 
b.c k. cuttom fit without n.w bladde,.. L. A. C.llf. 8004t. T.I: (2131 ___ • 121- • y .. r. Aran' t you glad you' re not • 

Tao 
W--... 

GOLD AND SILVER COINS BOUGHT AND SOLD 
INVESTMENT PORTFOLIOS ESTABLISHED 

CALL RICH AT NOBEL CORP. 
454·9156 DAY ! SKI BOOTS • • Iz. 12. Ro •• mont Fut- ISCA. "al S.n Vlc.nt. Blvd. No. 4. D .. ,..t D.be. Blrthd.y. com. but onc. Stev.X2022 or 452-0141. (1 271 0!116. (p3141 blrthday7 RlvarQuHn • . I122I, • ::..r:MfI>. ...... ~,. 4M~~~~~~ 4M~ ... ~ ....... 111!1 __________________ .. 454-8939 EVE 

Page 8 Triton Times January 22, 1975 


