
Saxon to 
VisitUCSD 
Tomorrow 

UC President Saxon will make 
his first official visit to the UC San 
Diego campus tomorrow for a 
question-and-answer session with 
students and staff and a meeting 
with the Academic Senate. 

Saxon's last visit to the campus 
in May, when he met with the 
Board of Overseers before he 
became president July 1, was 
marked by a demonstration by 
members and supporters of the 
Graduate Student Union (GSU). 
And in a memorandum to Saxon 
Nov. 13 outlining plans for the visit, 
the Chancellor told the President, 
"I can't promise that things will be 
quieter than when you were last 
here." 

McElroy apparently was 
referring to possible demon-
strations by the GSU and groups 
opposing campus and University 
involvement with the Central 
Intelligence Agency (CIA). 

Meet the People 
Saxon will meet with students 

and staff on the east steps of the 
gym from 2: 15 to 3: 15 pm. A group 
of student acJministrative interns 
will coordinate the discussion 
topics and act as moderators. 

A strategy meeting will be held 
tomorrow at noon in the Student 
Center north conference room for 
thole who want time set aside for 
questions. 

Topics decided upon for 
discussion so far are: the 
President's accessibility, 
collective bargaining for UC 
employees, state health and 
retirement benefits, statewide 
affirmative action guidelines and 
procedures, the TA situation at 
UCSD, campus growth, accredi-
tation, a possible registration fee 
increase and the impact of the CIA 
on campus. 

The meeting with the Academic 
Senate is set for 3:30 to 4:30 pm in 
USB 2622. A limited number of 
seats for observers are available. 
Reservations must be made by 
contacting the Academic Senate 
office. 

A subcommittee of the Senate's 
executive policy committee has 
formulated a list of three topics 
Saxon will be asked to address 
after a short speech to the mem-
bers. The topics are: . 

- areas in which UCSD falls 
behind other campuses in the 

Continued on Page 3 

250 march from Revelle to the Chancellor', complel during the 
GSU Rally. 

Regents Urged to Cut 
New Faculty, Hire T As 

I 

The UC Regents should convert 
some of the proposed faculty 
positions to teaching assistant-
ships, a Studen~ Body President's 
Council (SBPC) representative 
told the l'eIental education policy 
committee last Thursday. 

In addition, the Regents received 
a report on the effectiveness of 
nearly $5 million spent on teaching 
improvement at UC campuses 
over the past five years and 
another telling of the $1.1 million 
deficit in operating costs at the UC 
San Diego teaching hospital. 

SBPC representative Parker 
Lee, from UC Davis, told the 
Regents that TAs provide more 
immediate aid to improving un-
dergraduate education at UC, than 
new faculty. 

T As provide individual in-
struction, directly in ' the 
classroom, while faculty do 
research work in addition to 
teaching, said Lee. 

200 NewTAs 
58 of the 133 new faculty UC 

proposes to hire should be con-
verted to TA positions, Lee told the 
committee.-This would allow up to 
200 T As to be hired, he estimated. 

The SBPC representative argued 
that while the new faculty would 
not appreciably lower the current 

UC ration of 17.4 to 1, the TA-
student ratio is more vital to un- . 
dergraduates. 

"When the (TA) workload in-
creases to the point that the T A 
does not have the time necessary to 
give a student the assistance he- or 
she needs, there is no one else to 
tum to," Lee said. 

Later Thursday Chancellor 
McElroy told the San Diego Union 
that neither faculty nor TAs should 
be sacrificed to create more of 
either position. 

"We need both and I'd argue we 
need more of both," McElroy told 
the Union. He said he would oppose 
any plan to trade UCSD 's 
requested 30 new faculty for more 
TAs. 

GSU organizer Tom Lewis, in-
terviewed yesterday, said he 
thought the GSU would also oppose 
such a plan. He said that the union 
does not favor taking money from 
one group to create more T A. jol)s. 

Lewis emphasized that he was 
speaking as an individual and not a 
representative of the GSU. 

Teaching Improvements 
The Regents also received a 100-

page study that resulted from a 
ten-month analysis of the ef-
fectiveness of nearly $5 million 

Continued on Page 3 

GSU Strike Ends 
with Rally, March 

by Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

The last day of the Graduate 
Student Union (GSU) work stop-
page was highlighted Friday af-
ternoon by a rally on Revelle plaza 
and a march to the administrative 
complex on Matthews campus. 

Following brief statements by 
GSU members at the Revelle 
plaza, Gregg Robinson, moderator 
of the rally, led the gathering on a 
march to the chancellor's complex 
on Matthews campus. 

Traversing a route throughout 
the UCSD campus, the 250 par-
ticipants clapped their hands and 
chanted slogans. "On strike," 
"meet our demands" and "no 
more cutbacks," were heard in the 
eucalyptus woods and in the halls 
of the Chancellor's complex. 

The Chancellor, however, was at 
the Regents meeting at UC Irvine. 

As the march came to an end, the 
participants settled themselves on 
the grass under the flag pole at 
Matthews and listened as Jim 
Kavanaugh explained the next 
steps for the GSU. 

Kavanaugh stated that union 
affiliation, more strikes and more 
negotiations would occur in the 
future. 

He also urged students to 
organize in order to obtain any 
.demands from the administration. 
"Don't complain," Kavanaugh 
stated, "organize and we'll support 
you." 

Ruth Stark began the rally in 
Revelle plaza with an explanation 
of the work stoppage and a brief 
history of the GSU. 

Stark cited the " limited 
progress" wtuch had taken place 
between the administration and 
the GSU in negotiating sessions as 
the primary reason for the stop-
page. This "limited progress" 
gave the GSU "no hope for the 
futu re. " 

Stark further stated that " the 
work stoppage was necessary to 
dramatize two things: the working 
conditions of graduate students 
and the learning conditions of 
undergraduates. " 

An endorsement of the work 
stoppage by US Senate hopeful 
Tom Hayden was read by Gregg 
Robinson . In his statement, 
Hayden said that "students and 
faculty must fight for a restruc-
turing of economic priorities .. . 
with ample waste and opulence at 

the level of administration, the 
democratic restructuring of these 
priorities should begin im-
mediately. " 

Support 
Strong by 
Low-Paid 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

The Graduate Student Union 
(GSU ) work stoppage, which was 
at least 60 to 65 percent effective, 
was strongest where graduate 
financial support is weakest. 

An unscientific , random sam-
pling of classes by the Triton 
Times found the three day action to 
be most effective in the 
humanities. Only 21 percent of 76 
humanities sections checked were 
found meeting. 

Almost the reverse was found in 
science classes, as 70 percent of the 
33 classes checked met. 

A total of 122 classes were 
checked and 45, or 37 percent, were 
meeting. The survey did not,take 
into account whether those classes 
were being held by faculty or 
undergraduates. 

A check of financial support for 
graduate students by departments 
in the 1974-75 school year shows a 
correspondence between that and 
work stoppage effectiveness. 

The report was compiled by the 
GSU, using an Office of Graduate 
Studies and Research data run 
from February 14, 1975. 

That report shows a relatively 
high level of support for graduate 
students in the chemistry, physics, 
biology and math departments, 
ranging from $4,952 to $4,303 
average student support. 

Included in those arrangements 
are year-long contracts, according 
to Jean Fort, an assistant to Acting 
Dean of Graduate Studies Manuel 
Rotenberg. 

By contrast , the literature 
department supported its graduate 
students at an average rate of 
$3,551 last year. Fort reported that 
the department has hired its 
graduate students on a quarterly 
basis, at the beginning of each 
quarter. 

In the survey 13 of 68 classes 
Continued on Page 12 

CIA Workshop, Speak-In Protest Agency InvolveDlent 
Workshop: Role Here Debated 

by Pierre Bedatd 
Staff Writer 

Central Intelligence Agency activity at UC San Diego and Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography (SIO) wu protested at a workshop on the 
CIA last Thursday night in the Student Center. 

Sponsored by the Antl-CIA COIllition, the workshop was a collection of 
short presentations 00 some of the CIA's activities. Discussions were 
held on the involvement of the CIA in Spain, Portugal, neuroecienttfic 
research, SIO and UaD. 
. The coalition is demanding all CIA activities on campus, including the 
recruitment of minority studentl, ceut Immediately and that any and aU 
CIA-UClIO relations such u special pnJect fancInc be made public. 

What alllered I1lOIt of tbe speakll'l ... the renewed CIA activity in 
foreign affain. The fact that the CIA Ia attempttas to hire minority 
students with ",ood writilll *iUa" II taken u another attempt by the 
CIA to Interfere with politics in Latin America and Africa. 

The CIA is reported to be supportinC rtchtiat forces in Angola and the 
CIA's Chilean staff haaauppoaedly Iinee moved to Spain. The CIA ... a~o involved in the coup which led to the downfall ~ the SocIalist ad-
ministration 01 Salvador Allende. 

c. ....... P.pJ 

........ I ..... 5pMk-
III. 

Speak-In: Cooperation Hit 
by Gre, HJcks 
Special Writer 

The coopera~on of the UC San 
Diego administration with the 
Central Intelligence Agency 
recruitment efforts was strongly 
denolUlced by four UC faculty 
members at a Friday night speak-
in at the Muir cafeteria, sponsored 
by the uaD Anti-CIA Coalltion. 
Each of the speakers presented a 
different aspect of the CIA's ac-
tivities and their relation to the 
issue of recruitmen~ at UaD. 

Herbert Marcuse, professor 
emeritus of philosophy, gave a 
brief introduction attempting to 
"put the CIA issue into a more 
general context." He stated that 
administrative cooperation Ith 
the CIA was symptomatic of a 
development which is affecting 

American society as a whole. 
"Our society," said Marcuse, 

"has entered a rather strange 
phase of development," a period in 
which it destroys ideals in the 
name of preserving them. In the 
name of liberty and popular 
govenunents, for example, such 
govenunents are overthrown .. :and 
fascist regimes are put in meir 
place, according to Marcuse. 

He added that in the name- of 
academic freedom the university 
is becoming the accessory of in-
stitutifwl if" 
freedom. 

Marcuse ent on to discuss CIA 
recruitment within the context. of 
the professed goals of the 
university. These g081l, he said, 
are "to promote hwnan (not just 

Coatlaaed _ Pap 11 



J ... B.TaJ .... 
BdIW"~ 

MdWoeiber JuleIG .... 
........ Cltyedtt.r 

118rka.Der AueUebier 
N.-.edIter CopyedHDr 

C ..... UdIIda ' 1Uek RodewId 
Op .... edItor BasIIIea ~er 
SanJ.uwea DuleISilawler 

(Mnm8111ty editor ArtI editor 

DaveEIHD Tad Sperry . 
SpoI1a editor . Photo editl ,r 

WeadyEagie 
Offi.ce ma .. ger 

No Garden Party 
The three-day work Atoppage of the Graduate Student Union [GSU] was 

at least 10 percent effective. 
Acting dean of graduate studies and GSU/administration mediator 

Manuel Rotenberg, who ratber undiplomatically told a San Diego 
newspaper tb8t tbe union bad no support, was wrong. Glaringly so. 

FeeliDg tb8t the strike was "gratuitous" also proved UDfalr. Pressure 
from work-loads and wbat is felt to be insufficient support divided TAs 
almost perfectly. Tbat is, the departments that snpport their TAs the 
least were hit bardest by the strike. Those who appear to bave fewer 
grievances struck less. 

ID other words, this isn't a garden party. 
But little, really, bas happened. After long negotiation, the ad-

ministration bas relented to one and a ball of the two most IDDOCUOUS 
dema.ds: thOle asmg for year-long contracts - as we see It, a basic 
necessity for job security, and one the vice-chancellor of academic af· 
fairs encouraged of departments as early as last spriDg - and demanding 
that workloads not be increased. 

They got the contracts, and assurances that workloads would DOt be 
increased without graduate student input. 

One and a balf of foor demands. Granted at the eleventh bour. The one 
that would cost the money - a demand for a guarantee of 50 percent FTE 
support for all graduate students - is tbe one that could lead UC San 
Diego to an Indefinite strike I. January. 

Is the demand a sincere one? Is it an attainable one? These questions 
have to be answered soon. 

Upcoming negotiating sessions are thc most important ones yet. If 
there is to be either satisfaction or compromise, it must come in the few 
weeks ahead. 

Don't Blow It 
President Saxo. - the most powerful representative of the ad· 

miostration that bas been appealed to and kicked around by the Graduate 
Student Union and others, including those opposing Gentrallntelligence 
Agency recruiting on campus - will be here Tuesday. 

Time bas been set aside for questions to the President from students 
and staH. The administrative interns are trying to organized groups and 
individuals wanting to question Saxon so the small amount of time the 
community bas with him can be best used. 

I.t is essentJal the time Dot he disrupted by demonstrators. Carry signs, 
pamt banners, gather en masse, but don' t interrupt with epithets or 
sloj(8DS those who want to question and listen. 

Tbere are two ways to express legitimate grievances: iatelligentlyand 
noL Only one way works. 

Oh, Well 
It had all the trappings of last year's demoastration, when Graduate 

Student Union [GSU] members and supporters gathered ia the Chan-
cellor's complex during President Saxon's meeting with the Chancellor 
and the Board of Overseers. 

The GSU had a captive audience.then, as demonstrators surrounded 
conference rOOn, N on Matthews campos. The members of the board and 
the President trled to proceed with their business. But they had to raise 
their voices to h·!8r each other over the shouting and cbaating outside. 

So Friday, Utey tried it agaln. Again, the marchers gathered at 
Revelle. Agaill, the triumphant march through tbe trees to tbe ad-
ministrative comp L 

Unfortunatel~, Il1J one bad checked University schedules. The Regents 
- and tbe Chan('ell.rs - were meeting at Irvine. And tbe march happened 
at the noon how. 

Everyone wa,,, anunch. , 
A march like Friday's takes all the fa.n out of confronta tiOD politics. 

The Trilon Times is recognlled by the Communications Boord of UCsO a', the 
official studenl newspaper. Publication i. on Mondays, Wednesdays and 
Fridays during Ihe regular school yeor (excepl on official holidays). Edilorlal 
and business offices are Io<oled In 117 Bloke Holl on Ihe Revelle College 
campus, University of California, Son Diego. 

le".rs to the Editor and opinion column. or. welcomed. All submissions 
should be Iyped on a l~·spac. lin. on nonerasable paper. Th.y should nol 
.xceed Ih,_ pages in length double. spaced. The Triton Times res., .... s Ih. 
righl 10 edil submlnion. because of space limitollons or .tyle rttqlJir.rnents. 

For editor ial, call 452-3*6; for business and display advertisemenls, call 
~52·J.oI68 . 

, , 
• ,I : , : ~ I 

• rt ... 11 .tn'S ~oaday, November Z4, 1175 

lighting Policy:· let There Be: Less? 
By Joet.... servatioo, safety and aestbetic:s aU 

DepubaeIIt.fLltlentue playa role In tbe outdoor llghting 
In view of tbe rapidly rising 01 tbh! campus, thOUIb not In any 

energy costs, UC San Diego bas specific order. The Energy Co& 
developed an "Energy Con- servation Committee Ia studying, 
servation Program" (ECP). This along with the architect's office, 
program, as described In the traffic patterns around campus, as 
recemly publisbed gold pamphlet, well as evaluating the current 
.. ENE R G Y - ENE RG Y - lighting situation. They are also 
ENERGY", Includes temperature trying to determine which lights or 
control, reductioo 01 building lighting systems would be ef-
systems at nigbt, aad reduction 01 fectively ~ areas, using as 
lighting levels In areas all ewer the liWe energy as poISible and also 
campus. I agree with tbe being aesthetically aUractive. He 
philosophy 01 this program, but I has invited iderested and co~ 
would like to point out here bow its cemed students to work with 
implemetation in affect~ the Donald Sites, assistant chancellor 
safety of the UCSD community. for facilities management, aad 

Recently, I spoke to William H. himself on the Energy Con-
Pettus, III, the energy con- serva~ion Conunittee. . 
servatioo coordinator, about what Now that I have explamed the 
I feel is the inadequate outdoor state of the outdoor lighting at 
lighting at this campus. He ex- UCSD, I would like to describe the 

. plained to me that as part of the experience, opinions and fears 
ECP, UCSD was trying to cut down from which derives my interest in 
on unnecessary energy ex- this matter. 
penditures. . On many occasions, I have felt a 

These measures were successful distinct fear as I walked from one 
to some extent. Ughts were dim- part of the campus to another at 
med around campus at one point night. 
about one and a half years ago. Specifically, as I leave the 
Nevertheless, wben protests were central library, my usual 
raised because some lights in the procedure is to go past the health 
muir parking lot were turned off, center, heading through the 
these lights were then turned back eucalyptus grove, continuing 
on. Pettus told me that although a around the biology building and the 
hue and cry was raised about the "hump" in order to proceed 
muir parking lot, which in his t~rough Reyelle College~ and 
words is " lit up like Times fmally locating my car 10 the 
Square," no one ever complained Revelle parking lot. I have found 
about the revelle parking lot, both the first and last parts of this 
which is not as well lit. walk to be poorly lit. 

Pettus feels that. energ~ con- Indeed, although one can see the 
Letters to the Editor 

path throuIh the grove, be or she 
would be hard-pressed to see much 
on either side cI. this walkway. If 
anyone were to bide 8JDIIDI the 
eucalyptus trees, they would cer· 
talnly remain quite well-bidden. As 
I mentioned earlier, even tbe man 
most directly concerned with the 
efficient liglting 01 this campus, 
Bill Pettus. agrees that the Revelle 
parking lot Ia not the mOlt pJeasant 
place for a late evening stroll, 
since it la so poorly lighted. 1be 
further one gets from the 
Humanities Library and the 
Revelle dorms, the barder It 
becomes to see where one's car is 
and if anyone is lurking about. 

No doubt, my conunents can be 
viewed as a mild exaggeration of 
the situation. Pettus has told me 
that UCSD's lighting more than 
complies with the standards ,of 
outdoor lighting, but admitted that 
these standards are quite low. 

In speaking with other students, 
especially women. I have found 

. that many bave experienced these 
same fears and uncertainties. This 
need not be the case. The situation 
will not be alleviated by in-
dividuals using flashlights or by 
walking around campus in grOUp6 . . 
It can only be improved when the 
administration does not use 
"Energy Conservation" as a 
crutch for the poor outdoor lighting 
around campus. 

As an undergraduate, I attended 
a college in Boston, a larger 
metropolitan area than San Diego. 
During the time I spent there , on 

eoatiDued on Page 11 

. ~Career Planning Corrects the Record 
Professors Arneson and Dop-

pelt's article, "An Argument for 
End to CIA Recruitment on 
Campus" (TT, Nov. 19) addressed 
substantive issues regarding the 
nature of CIA information and 
recruitment at the University at 
large. This letter is not intended to 
defend the CIA; we are concerned, 
however, about inaccuracies 
regarding our policies and 
procedures which are contained in 
the article. We wish to submit the 
following to clarify and correct the 
record. 

The article suggested that it was 
Career Planning's policy to 
restrict information on employing 
organizations to that which is 
submitted by the organizations. 
Career ~lanning " Placement 
offers a facility, the Career 
Information Library, which 
maintains, organizes, and provides 
access to career infonnation. Since 
1974 it has been stated that "the 
objective of the Career Infor-
mation Library is to provide a 
forum where career literature is as 
current, compiete, and accessible 
as possible with a wide range of 
perspective on career issues that 
can lead to more sound un-
derstanding and decision-making" 
(Occupational Outlook, Fall 1974). 
The library continually solicits 
career infonnation from the 
university community to expand 
the data available to students. It Ia 
asked only that the publisbiJig 
and/or writing source be identified 
on the material. Career Plaming 
maintains public folders on 180 
employing organizations. At 
present the CIA file contains copies 
of materials submitted by the CIA 
and Professors Arneson and 
Doppelt's comments . Other 
material will be Included in ac· 
cordance with the above policy. 

With regards to career coun-
seling, Career Planning " 
Placement's general career ad-
vising is directed to (1) career 
options developme~; that la, to 
providing students methods and 
materials for relating to u broad a 
range of contiJaling education, 
occupational, and alternative 
career possibilities as they wish to 
pursue. And (2) job planning and 
.hunting procedures are presented 
for those Interested in otUInlng 
P,1rfJf.l.~ , eJY;lPI~~ ! ~.'t are 

general planning services which 
give students tools to use for 
whatever purposed, motivations, 
or goals they may have. Par-
tiCipants are not directed to any 
pre-defined organizations. On the 
contrary, those students targeting 
potential organizations for em-
ployment are introduced to 
procedures for researching a 
particular organization and its 

working envirorunent which can be 
compared to information they have 
gathered about other organizations 
in order to make the best selection 
for themselves. 

Professors Arneson and DoppeJt 
reviewed the CIA file and received 
CP&tP descriptions in which open 
information policies were 
described. Apparently these other 

Contiaued on Page 11 ' 

Kick in the Head 
Last week's action by the GSU 

had all the aspects of a strike; 
picket lines, rallies, and arm 
bands; but in the most basic 
definition of a strike it wasn't a 
strike at all - at least not by the 
GSU on the administration. It was, 
in effect, a strike by the GSU on the 
undergraduates who had J.lO choice 
in the matter. 

A strike implies a seU:lnfUcted 
ha~hip by a group of people 
thereby seeking to rigtt an In-
tolerable situation. In industry this 
means loss of pay and possibly the 
loss of a job. Political strikers face 
police harassment and jail cells. 

However, GSU members went to 
their regular classes so there "as 
no academic loss for them. 
Apparently the departmerts In-
volved plan to overlook their ab-
sence from sections so there will be 
no financial loss for GSU mem-
bers. In effect, the GSU members 
lost nothing by their actions, and 
the administration was certainly 
not hanned. The only lOliers were 
the undergraduates and they 
weren't on strike. 

The GSU succeeded only in 
showing to the administration that 
they, too, could step on the un· 
dergraduates. But in a school 
where the undergraduates run last 
place to everything. this in itself is 
nothing for the administration to 
lose sleep about. 

~ If the GSU wants to impress upon 
the administration the seriousness 
of their demands they should call 
for a general strike. That is, they 
should walk out on their own 
classes also, not just tbe undergrad 
classes that they teach. This would 
mean hardship for those involved, 
but it certainly would embalT8llll 
the administration to suddenly find 
that the graduate program has 
disappeared overnight. 

I fully support the GSU's 
demands and I think they should be 
dealt with in good faith by the 
administration. But don't expect 
that I, as an undergrsd, should 
believe you when you kick me in 
the head and then tell me you only 
have my best interest in mind. 

MIKEACHTEN 

"Camino Real" Critique 
a Shameful Waste 

The printing 01 Debora Weber's review of C.mbIo Real (TT, Nov. 21) 
was a shameful waste of paper. 

I have never before been so completely appalled by a critique. Ms. 
Weber's total lack 01 theatrical background became obvious In the first 
paragraph. Evidently, tbe critic was not famWar with either Tennessee 
Williams' script or with the director 01 the show. 

Arthur Wagner does not "instruct" his actors how to act, nor does the 
playwright specify the exact loaaUon of his setting. 

Ms. Weber's lack 01 theatrical knowled«e was rivaled by her inep-
titude for English grammar. 

I respectfully suggest that the neu drama department production be 
reviewed by a more competent critic, or be left to play In peace. 

I ,,,' 1, 1. .. . " " , • • : . , . , VICTOBlAROBBR~ 
ti • • • t, • I .' • 

MODday, Nevember 24, 1t7S frt.on .'0.'S Page three 
Politics: James G. Soto Reg Fee Increase Opposed by SBPC 

Reagan's Race 
The die is cast and the crusade is launched! 
Ronald Reagan - darling of the conservatives and devoted enemy of 

the liberals - will challenge President Ford for the supremacy of the 
Republican party. 

Reagan's quest for the nomination - long awaited and much debated -
officially began last Thursday with a quick announcement in Washington 
and an even quicker swing through three states with early primaries. 

The former California governor had his big day marred only by some 
joker who pulled a toy gun on Reagan during his brief appearance in 
Miami. 

Reagan has been planning his campaign for at least two years and for 
perhaps even longer. Some pundits claim that Reagan has been planning 
for his presidential crusade since that dim November day back in 1966 
when he was first elected governor. 

However, before he started to run. Reagan made sure he was quite 
prepared to do so, and he was even more sure that President Ford was not 
going to get any stronger. 

Since he left oHice last January after serving an eight year stint as 
California's chief executive, Reagan has been before the public, per-
forming a variety of duties . 

Countless PoUUcaIIOU's 
First, Reagan continued to appear 'at Republican fundraising events 

and he continued to campaign for local republican candidates; thus 
reaping countless political IOUs which he will undoubtedly seek to collect 
in the upcoming months. 

Second, Reagan has travelled extensively, both home and abroad, and 
has made various policy statements to let people know that he is keeping 
a close watch on the affairs of state. 

Third, Reagan has been broadcasting a series of daily radio spots 
which have clarified the Reagan philosophy before ~he listening pubhc on 
virtually every aspect of American life. 

Fourth, Reagan has been a syndicated newspaper columnist appearing 
in over 200 newspapers. The major purpose of the columns has been to 
offer Republicans an opportunity to see how Reagan thinks on policy 
matters in a clear, calm and coherent manner. This, of course, is in stark 
contrast to the hectic and often bungling manner of the incumbent Ford. 

Reagan, an astute orator and cool campaigner, should easily come off 
the better in any direct contest with Ford. The president has not managed 
to salve anyone's feelings on the strength of his executive performance. A 
quick review of some of Ford's major decisions since ascending to office, 
serve as a dismal reminder of what a liability he couici be for the Gal' 
come next November. With the exception of the Mayaguez mCldent, those 
decisions will be looked on by most Republicans as negative. 

Catastrophic Defeats 
Item - The pardon of former president Richard Nixon, while not 

necessarily a bad move, if it had only concerned Republicans, was done 
at a mrst inopportune time - right before an election - and led to one of 
the most catastrophic defeats that any political party has suffered in the 
history of the republic. 

Item -:- A .massi~e federal budget deficit for this fiscal year, while 
perhaps 1Oevltable, IS among the most mortal of sins for a Republican. 

Item - A disastrous economy has given rise to the spectre of the Great 
D~pression and t~e administration of Herbert Hoover. If there is any 
thing the Repubhcans do not want to do is to remind Americad's of 
Herbert Hoover and his policies which so many people associate with the 
beginning of the Great Depression. 

Item - The recent Sunday night massacre eliminated one of the most 
popular members of Ford's cabinet, Defense Secretary James 
Sch1esi~er, while leaving the increasingly unpopular (among 
Republ~cans) Secretary of State Henry Kissinger as the unimpeded 
deternuner of American foreign policy. It may be that this unexplainable 
move by Ford will be the boffo that unhinges his reelection hopes . Polls 
taken before the Cabinet shakeup gave Ford a comfortable edge over 

Reaga~. However, the day after the dismissals, a poll among 
Repubhcans showed Reagan taking a slight edge. 

Sips of Breaking Down 
Reagan will have a dedicated and experienced group of campaign 

suppo rters. Ford:s campaign has already shown some signs of breaking 
down and there IS no deep constituency that identifies with Ford save 
those that blindly follow a president no matter who he is. ' 

Some of the early primaries will be held in states where Reagan is 
already strong. In New Hampshire he will have the support of Gov. 
Meldrim Thompson, while Ford will have to be content with the 
knowledge that he could hot get his candidate elected in the special 
Senate election held two months ago. 

In . Florida, Reagan has a large organization ready to roll and pollsters 
confirm that the entire South is for Reagan if he wants it. 

Ford is only strong in the states where the Republicans will probably 
lose in November anyway. In New York, though Ford can probably beat 
Reagan in a primary, the Democrats can he expected to win on the 
strength of New York City's hatred of the chief executive. The same can 
probably be said for such states as Massachusetts and Michigan. 

Though it is not quite sure whether Republicans will want to nominate 
Reagan ~e su~e!1ime, it is my impression that Reagan will knock 
Ford out m the pnmarles and thus will stop his reelection chances cold. 

by James G. Soto 
City EdItor 

Any move to increase 
registration fees for the 1976-77 
academic year will be formally 
opposed by th,~ UC Student Body 
Presidents Council (SBPC), it was 
announced Friday at UC Irvine. 

According to Irma Munoz, the 
UC San Diego undergraduate 
representative to the SBPC, the 
council will favor any increase in 
fees agreed upon by students at 
individual campuses for special 
and unique programs, but will 
oppose any system wide increase 
in the current $300 annual 
registration fee . 

The Council of Chancellors, a 
system wide group of the nine UC 
chancellors, released a report on 
Nov. 5 which gave grudging ap-
proval to any regental move to 
raise the registration fee. The 
chancellors argued that slowdown 
in student enrollment and the in-
creased demands put upon the 

Saxon ... 
system, including the ratios of 
faculty/students , TA/students, 
research overhead/overhead 
generated by the campus, library 
funds/research perfonned and 
computer instruction funds. 

-the merger of the retirement 
system with the social security 
system , approved Friday by the 
Regents in Irvine; 

-involvement with the CIA. The 
subcommittee asks whether a 
statewide committee should be 
formed to survey " past, present 
and future relationship with this 
agency, so as to insure that there 
have not been, and at the very 
least, will not be any compromises 
to our academic integrity. " 

Regents .... 
that was spent at UC between 1971 
and 1975 to improve teaching ef-
fectiveness. 

The study, conducted by a 
committee headed by UC Berkeley 
education professor James Stone, 
found that UC faill; to consider 
teaching ability equally with 
research skills when evaluating 
faculty for promotions and pay 
rajses. 

"Faculty were dissatisfied and 
frustrated because activities 
related to teaching were not 
considered as valuable as those 
involving research," the report 
said. 

This leads to problel1l!l,· ac-
cording to the report, because 
faculty involved with special 
educational projects often have 
little time to do res~rch, which is 
necessary to gain promotions. 

This was the complaint of a 
majority of the 485 special project 
directors interviewed by the Stone 
cormnittee. 

Stone wrote that "The thrust of 
this study's recommendations is 
that the University, renowned fol' 
its excellence in research, become 
renowned for its excellence in 
teaching, too." 

$1.1 Million Deficit 
Additionally, the Regents 

received a UC audit ahowing a $1.1 
million operating deficit at 
University Hospital, the UCSD 
teaching hospital. 

The main reasons for the deficit 
were uncollectable accounts and 

At their most poorly attended meeting in recent months the UC hospital care costs declared Rege~ts Friday decided to discontinue the policy of sched~ several ineligible for reimbursement 
meehngs a year on the various UC campuses. through MediCal coverage. 

Regents Halt Regular 
Campus Meetings 

President Saxon. who propoeed the tennlnation, said campus meetings The San Diego hospital 
had been an "embarrassment," both In tenns 01 Regent attendance and operation, along with the 
f0"!'8I , scheduled Interaction between board members and persons at Sacramento hospital, which ae-
the IDdividual campuses. crued a •. 3 million deficit. have 

~ At Irvine Friday, the camPUI newspaper, the New University, been criticized by the Regerts in 
crlticized camp .. officials for not holdlni the Relents meeting in a larger the past. 
room. About 30 seats were available for spectators In the meeting ball. Afler the meeUng Friday UC 

f,Ho,,;ever, though 20 students lined the beck 01 the room for part 01 Vice-President John Perkins said 
Friday s session, the number had fallen to five or sis by the end of the the deficit problem will probably 
two-hour morning l18Sions.) S grow even worse neu year. He 
R axon said the POliCY of meeting at the campuses "hasn't served the blamed federal and state Hmits on 

, . ~gents well, ~ Ml'Ved the campuses weD." Medicare reimbursements to 
, ~"reatly, ac:heduled lISSiolll between students and Regents on ' tleacb1ni' hda)lItals ' fer the " con-
camJlUllel bavenaUe.~. . . . ._ ... ttn_1teftelt prublenfll. 

registration fee because of in-
flation and new services, made a 
reevaluation of the current fee 
inevitable. 

The council called for the 
initiation of a fee schedule that 
'would be varied according to the 
increase or decrease in the cost of 
living. 

(Jampns to Campus 
Coinciding with the SBPC's 

announcement on Friday, the UC 
Student Lobby held a day·long 
conference at Irvine, with the nine 
different registration fee com-
mittees, to determine how the 
status of the fee varied from 
campus to campus. 

Every campus currently has a 
different size body to allocate 
registration fees and the amount of 
student input into the conunittees 
also varies. 

The consensus of the hearing was 

Workshop. 

that the initiation of a cost of living 
index to the current fee would lead 
to a less effective management of 
the fee income. 

There was concern expressed 
that the use of collective 
bargaining by state employees 
next year would increase the cost 
of living index for state students. 

Many of the reg fee committee 
representatives argued that some 
services now paid for by the reg fee 
income could be paid for by other 
sources. 

Major Drains 
Among the services thatstudents 

felt they should not have to pay for 
at some campuses included an art 
museum at UC Berkeley and a 
subsidy to the UC Riverside alumni 
association. Intercollegiate sports 
and intra murals were cited as 
major drains on the registration 
fee . 

• • 
Speaking on the CIA at UCSD, Marco Li Mandri stated that it was 

" reported personally" to him that reserach for the CIA was being done by 
certain members of the Economics department. 

According to Li Mandri, professors Richard Attiyeh, Donald Bear and 
Richard Emmerson are three of the four members of the board of the 
Institute of Policy Analysis, a corporation with headquarters in Del Mar. 
The institute consists mainly of an address and is currently under con· 
tract for over $100,000 to do economic reserach. Li Mandri said the 
research they are doing is basically an evaluation of all the resources 
from 21 different regions of the world. Li Mandri called the research 
"mathematical battlefields for economic boycott" and cited it as a prime 
example of the CIA's local activities. 

In a telephone interview Sunday afternoon, Attiyeh acknowledged that 
he along with two other members of the Economics department were on 
the board of the Institute of Policy Analysis. He also confinned the fact 
that the institute is now engaged in doing reserach for the CIA. 

Paid By the Government 
Research at SIO was also criticized. It was pointed out that an over· 

whelming amount of the research budget was paid by the government. 
Also, according to participants five of the nine Scripps ships are now 
owned by the Navy. 

Much of the research was criticized as being too war-oriented. An 
example of this is the way the " flip" ship was being used for acoustical 
experiments to find underwater objects and for communications. The 
visibility lab was criticized for doing experiments which would help in 
reconnaisance and weaponry tracking. 

The coalition said that senior members of Scripps had advised the 
government for an average of one-and-a-hall ma~years. 

The CIA controversy started when the CIA invited Raymond Dye, 
Special Assistant to the Chancellor on the Affirmative Action Program, 
and Rowena Reno, Academic Advisor to Third College, to a special 
conference in Washington, DC. 
,. 

US" ~()~n' 
()~ "()IJ~ ()W~ 11~11 

13E' (j Irlt()1'1 II rnE'§ 
AcI"E'ftl§ll'1~ §Clle§fnClIl 

GET THE EXPERIENCE TO FAST-TALK 
YOUR WAY INTO ANYTHING! 
TAlk TO DAMiEN iN T.T. offiCE. 

+t 
-

-$-
Yo 

GREA T CHINESE FOOD 
IN LA JOLLA 

DINING / CATERING / TAKE -OUT ORDERS 
10 0/. DISCOUNT FOR UCSD STUDENTS ON MONDAYS 

2240 A VENIDA DE LA PLAYA PH 454-231 1 

19t1lltes ,' . .f)1 
," Headed for northern 

• _ " California (or l.A • BurbanK. Long Beach. 
.• . . .. . ..... _"" Ontario)? Cali your c.arl}P.I!s rep' or P$A~nd 
• - - - - - \8l1lhem you want to buzz off PSA gives you ~ hft 



........ ..... 011.1 .. 

Bury g Caesar: An Analysis 
of he Laetrile Problem 

., ... rUIec..ak, Treated: fT, .. _, .. 21, a, initiate cludcahtudlel. ") 'lbea tbe 
UaJD lie lIell ~ 21, 30, 10, 30, 30, 30, 31, 32, sz. 32, _, McNaughton FoundatlGa recetwd 

By now,ou "ve pratably heard 
about Laetrlle (also called 
8ID11daJin) , tile alleged anti-
cancer ctrua which baa attracted 
thousands of cancer patients to 
Mexico, but which has been 
denounced as a boo by US cancer 
officials in the strongest possible 
terms. 

Here are a few direct quotes 
from these officials: 

Dr. Alexander M. Schmidt, 
Commissioner of the FDA, March 
25, '74 : " Every study to date has 
not found any evidence ol efficacy 
of Laetrile, and, If there was one 
shred of evidence from animal or 
cell systems, I would issued an 
IND." 

Mr. Robert C. Wetherall, Acting 
Director, Office ol Legislative 
Services, FDA: "No evidence of 
anti-tumor activity has been found 
in any of the tests with Laetrile." 

Dr. Frank Rauscher, Director, 
National Cancer Institute : " I 
would certainly not turn off 
Laetrile if it had an iota of activity 
that we could pinpoint. Unfor· 
tunately, there's no evidence at 
all. " 

Dr. Robert M. Hadsell. Office of 
Cancer Communications, NCI : 
" All testing by the NCI has found 
no evidence of activity against 
cancer by Laetrile. " 

Dr. Jessie L. Steinfield, fonner 
Surgeon General: "Laetrile has 

repeated1~ been tested in ' animal 
tumor systems of the NCI. In no 
instance did Laetrile have activity 
in any animal tumor system. There 
is no basis for the use of Laetrile in 
man based on data derived from 
experiments in animals." 

Dr. Charles Mortell, Mayo 
Clinic: " Extensive animal tumor 
studies conducted Independently at 
two outstanding cancer research 
centers, New York Memorial Sloan 
Kettering and the Southern 
Research Institute have shown this 
drug to be totally without evidence 
of anti-cancer activity." 

Dr. Frederick B. Hodges, 
Director , California State 
Department of Public Health: 
"The action of Laetrile in living 
cancers has been studied in vitro, 
in animals, lind in man, and in none 
or these studies bas it shown any 
demonstrable anti-cancer eHect." 

It is Instructive to look at some of 
the data which, we are told, will 
clearly demonstrate Laetrile's 
lack ol efficacy. For example, the 
second series of the SCIND 
Laboratories' studies on Walker 
256 carcinosarcoma of rats, with 
amygdalin in dosages of 500 mglkg 
injected intraperitoneally on days 
1, 3 and 6 after tumor take: 

Days survival time: 
Controls : 19, 19, 19, 19, ~, ~, 22, 

22,22, 22, 24,24,24,25,25, 26, 26, 26, 
26, 26 

eo, eo, 80 OIl 118, ... FDA letter dIled AprIl 
Averagesurvivalfortbecantroll 21 clalmillJ that certain 

was 23 cia,s, and for the amypJin "deficiencies" bad been 
treated group st days. The discovered In tile appllcattan, and 
amygclallD group shows a 70~ that the McNauptaa Foundation 
increase in survival time over bad ten days from date of receipt to 
controls. Note that the aurvlval send extra data to remedy these 
time ci every amygdallD treated deficiencies. The McNaughton 
animal was 10000er than that of FoundatiOll required fifty pages of 
every animal - a result of i&- documentation to meet the FDA's 

. credibly high statistical demand; nevertheless, by May 15 
significance. this data was in the mail. Accor-

The data for the first series of ding to Dr. Dean BurIt, a former 
SCIND study was more equivocal, lugh official of the FDA told him 
since several animals in the that in over thirty years at the FDA 
amygdalin treated group died on or he had never seen such a short 
near the day of injection. For deadline period placed on sUcfl an 
reasons that will be explained extensive request for infonnation. 
later, amygdalin is much more But the best is yet to come. On 
toxic orally than i.p. or I.v. If a May lZ, McNaughton received a 
normally non-toxic i.p. dose ' is telegram from the FDA informing 
accidentally injected Into the i&- him that due to his failure to 
testinal lumen. death may occur comply with the demand for new 
quickly. The acute deaths seen in infonnation within the stated 
the first series at SCIND were period, his request for an IND had 
evidently due to this teclmical been denied. McNaughton, since he 
flaw. had received the ten day 

If the acute deaths are ultimatwn on May 6, went ahead 
eliminated from the study, an and mailed the requested data by 
average survival prolongation of May 15, and then appealed the 
58% over control is found in the matter. The FDA refused to listen; 
amygdalin treated rats, once again the IND denial stood. 
with extreme statistical It cannot be doubted that this 
significance. matter bespeaks grave corruption 

Dr. Carl Baker, Director of the on the FDA's part, and that top 
NCI, wrote in a letter · to officials at the FDA had no serious 
Congressman Edward Edwards intention of allowing amygdalin 
that, "The data provided by the the chance for a clinical trial that 
McNaughton Foundation certainly the eHorts of the McNaughton 
indicates some activity in animal Foundation had earned for it. (It 
tumor systems. " must be emphasized that the 

The SCIND study was part of. the McNaughton Foundation had not 
Investigational New Drug (IND) been reqllesting permission to sell 
application filed by the amygdalin as an anti-cancer 
McNaughton Foundation in 1970; agent, but rather only to use it in 
that is, the McNaughton FouD- carefully designed clinical trials.)' 
dation was requesting permission Furthermore, it is instructive to 
to use amygdalin in human clinical consider the " deficiencies" which 
studies to evaluate its possible made the McNaughton data 
efficacy in the treatment of cancer. unacceptable. The Ad Hoc Com-
The FDA denied the application mittee of Oncology Coosultants, 
under circumstances which could which issued a report in 1972 
euphemistically be called unusual. sustaining the denial of the IND, 

On April 6, 1970, the McNaughton commented, "We are particularly 
Foundation sent the FDA its IND cognizant of the lack of adequate 
request - a massive document evidence of in vivo antineo-plastic 
running to hundreds of pages of characteristics. The Scind 
data , which included the animal Laboratory data in the initial 
toxicity and efficacy studies submission of IND 6734, April 8, 
necessary for the granting of a 1970, concerning two experiments 
Phase One clearance. On April 27th with a Walker 256 system are 
the McNaughton Foundation considered unacceptable because 
received a letter from the FDA of Inadequate docwnentatlon ol 
dated April ~, granting per- status of animals, percentage ol 
mission to proceed with clinical tumor take, rate of growth, and 
trials. (In congressional hearings, accounting for acute deaths and 
FDA officials later denied that this the other substantial lack is a 
letter granted permission for statistical analysis. (sic) Scind 
clinical trials ; they claimed that It Laboratory, in a letter dated 
was sent only to acknowledge October 18, 1961, filed with October 
receipt ol the McNaughton al> 31, 1970, amendment, states 
plication. But Dr. Dean Burk 'Laetrile , when administered 
quotes the letter as follows: " As without Beta glucosidase has little 
sponsor of the clinical study or no effect upon transplanted 
proposed in this exemption, you rodent twnor systems tested' 
are now free to obtain supplies of (emphasis theirs)." 
the investigational drug and to I can see nothing In the allegedly 

unlv .... I.y O' oall'orn", .an d iego 
program board ~11fA 

.....,.Ne, In ......... 

[L] Deu BarIl. retInd .... II tile eytadIe ..... try lee .... of tile AaI, 
erUte .. oIfldal ..... '. of Laetrile matter. [R] Aadrew R.L 
MeN ........ cUreetar 01 Ioudatloa that tried anaaeeeulaOy to pia 
permJu_'or Laetrile's elbdcal triaL (p.oto.: M. CUlbert, Vitamin B-
17) 
deficient infonnatlon that would 
have altered the fact that 
amygdalin produced a biologically 
and statistically very significant 
prQ)ongation of life in Walker 256 
carcinosarcoma bearing rats. The 
fact is that all animals in both 
treated and ~trol groups 
had c:onfiqned tumor take, 
which makes percentage 01 
tumor take rather irrelevant. 
Rate of tlDllOr growth is of l& 
terest, but survival time is an 
equally valid measure of 
chemotherapeutic efficacy. Dr. 
Kanematsu Sugiura, who began 
animal trials with amygdalin at or 
near the time of the Ad Hoc 
Committee's report, understood 
the cause of acute animal death; it 
Is not clear why the committee did 
not. While the original 
McNaughton IND obviously should 
have contained a statistical 
analysis of its data, It is a matter of 
only a few minutes work to 
detennine that the McNaughton 
data is indeed statistically highly 
significant (including the first set, 
if the acute deaths are deleted, as 
they obviously should be). 

The quotation from the 1968 
letter from SCIND Laboratories 
was taken out of context, and was 
evidently written before the 
Walker 256 experiments which 
show clear efficacy without beta-
glucosidase. 

Furthermore, it is evident tbat 
the Ad Hoc Committee was con-
sidering only the material su~ 
mitted in the April 6, 1970 su~ 
mission, and ignoring the back-up 
material mailed on April 15, which 
quite probably addressed itself to 
the " deficiencies" mentioned 
above. Nor did the conunittee even 
bother to consider the evidently 
corrupt manner in which the FDA 
arbitrarily set a ridiculous ten day 
deadline and then falled to abide 

. even by this. 
The Ad Hoc Committee also 

criticized the starting dosages ol 
Laetrile which the McNaughton 
Foundation planned to use, despite 
the fact that higher dosages had 
already been used by clinicians 
throughout the world without any 
apparent toxic effect. Any 
disagreements about the protocol 
of projected clinical studiea could 
have been worked out by mutual 
discussion between the FDA and 
the McNaughton Foundation. Non-
toxicity and animal efficacy had 
been demonstrated by the 
McNaughton IND request; clinical 

trials therefore should have been 
initiated. Nevertheless, the 
Commission Report concluded: 

"1. There is presently no ac-
ceptable evidence of therapeuUc 
effect of amygdalin MF. 

2. There is no justification at 
present for clinical trials in IND 
6734. 

3. Although the question of 
clinical protocols is moot, we have 
discUlled the necessary qualities 
ol a protocol with respect to 
amygdalin MF." 

Lest we be tempted to stray from 
the path of conventi~nal wisdom 
and entrap ourselves in a sordid 
mire ol quackish heresy, it would 
seem advisable to look at the 
studies which the NIH Itself 
commissioned, and which, It is 
claimed, clearly demonstrate 
Laetrile's utter worthlessness. 

Animal studies at Southern 
Research Institute were \,nitiated 
largely at the behest of BeMO Sch-
midt, the investment banker 
chosen by Nixon to chair the 
President's Cancer Panel. Schmidt 
remarked, "Since I've been 
chairman ol the President's cancer 
panel, I've had literally tamdreds 
of letters about Laetrile. Some 
people ask me whether is is any 
good. others Datly say that, in any 
case, it alleViates pain. 

"When I answer these people and 
tell them that Laetrile ... no ef-
feet, I would like to be a bl.e to do so 
witbsome conviction." 

In one tumor system; leukemia 
L1210, no efficacy was found. It ls 
interesting that this particular 
tumor was chosen by SRI , 
inasmuch as the MCNaughton 
Foundation had previously tried 
Laetrile in L1210 and found no 
effect. This was well known at SRI 
at the time that their studies were 
begun. -The other tumor system 
chosen by SRI for testing Laetrile 
was Lewis lung tumor. This is an 
extremely chemotherapeutically 
resistant tumor. According to J.G. 
Mayo ci the SRI, "The Lewis lung 
tumor is relatively insensitive to 
all the anti-metabolltes and most 01 
the alkylaUng agents tested in our 
laboratories;" Cytoxan and 
nltroureas are exceptl~ 

Four separate studies were done, 
in each of which amygdalin was 
administered In a range of 
dosages. To analyze the results, 
SRI statisticians aununed the post-
treatment life spans of aU mice 
irrespective of amygdal!n dose and 

CoatlDaed OR Pap 5 

f~d no slpificant Increase in life 
span (1I1er c!ontrols. 

However, If Me loob more 
closely at the data, one finds that in 
3 out ol 4 ol tbe studies,. a 
statistically significant (p<.OIi 
according to statlstlclan Edward 
Van V1eek) prolongation ol life 
occurred in tboae IP'OUIJI ci mice ' 
receiving the lower dOUles tested, 
while at the higher doaqes a clear 
diminution ol survival time is 
apparent. 

Remarkably, the fourth study 
showed precisely the opposite 
pattern : an increase in life span as 
the dosage was increased. The 
chance of obtaining such a pattern 
of results with a truly neutral agent 
are staggeringly small- ·about one 
in 100 milllo.n. It seequs very likelY 
indeed that Laetrile was having 
both a therapeutic and a toxic 
effect in the range ol dosages 
surveyed, and that either the first 
three studies or the fourth was 
(were) tectmically Dawed. 

The imelligent response to such' 
data would be to conduct additional 
studies at both the high and the low 
dosage levels to decide the matter, 
paying careful attention to ex-
perimental technique. This was not 
done; SRI felt that it could already 
give Scbmidt the report ~ he 
needed. 

(It is interesting that tonc effect 
were observed in this study, since 
the highest dose ci laetrile used, 
400 m&lkg, is demonstrably non-
toxic in nonna! mice and rats and 
any number of tumor systems, as 
long as It is injected in-
traperitoneaUy or intravenously. It 
is not unreasonable to speculate 
that acute deaths due to intestinal 
injection may have been included 
in the data. Death from such an 
accident would of course be more 
likely at higher dosage levels. 

Let's say-thaf a two week -study 

carefully autopsied control 
animals, 1a showed Il"OI8 or 
microecoplc evidence of lung 
metastasis; only 4 ci a comparable 
group of amygdalin treated 
animals bore lung metastasis 
(P<.Ol).(Frequency of lung 
metastasfB Is an olten used gauge 
for the ability of a 
chemotherapeutic agent to cbec:k 
the spread ol cancer.) 

Sloan-Kettering acknowledged 
the leaked results as genuine, but 
claimed that research was still 
continuing, and refused to release 
any other data. 

After two years of official silence 
from Sloan-Kettering, reports 
began to appear that the initial 
positive results had not been 
confinned by subsequent studies. 

The definitive answer of Sloan-
Kettering ' appeared in a July 21, 
1975 article in the New York TImes 
by Jane E. Brody : " Actually, the 
first round of experiments done at 
Sloan-Kettering hinted that the . 
drug, a derivative of apricot pits, 
might inhibit the spread of 
malignant tumors. 

"But repetition of the ex-
periments by other investigators 
there showed no such effect, said 
Sloan-Kettering sc:Ientists who 
attribute tbe first spurious results 
to the vagaries ci esperimertal 
variaUon and unfamiliarity with 
the animals used." 

"Dr. Martin said that if 
amygdalin had any effect at all, it 
should prevent the developnent of 
metastases (or spread ci cancer) 
to the lungs, but it did not in his 
tests nor in the two most recent 
tests at Sloan-Kettering. Growth ol 
the original tumors was not 
Inhibited, and the treated animals 
did not look better or live longer." 

Medical World News, in its 
August 11, 1975 edition, stated; "In 
mid-73, the first Series of ex-

entirely consistent with his first 
study, and time and again show a 
sta tistically highly significant 
suppreaslon of the fonnation of 
lung metastases. 

In studies conducted in 1974 
Suglura found that 25 0129 control 
CDaFl mice developed lung 
metastases, while only 17 of 58 
mice treated with 1 g/kg daily of 
either German or Mexican-
manufactured amygdalin 
developed metastases (p < .01), 

In a long experiment begun ·on . 
Maya, '73, Sugiura attempted to 
determine whether daily doses of 
amygdalin c:ouId prevent the 
development of the spontaneous 
cancers of CD8Fl mice. He found 
that 21 0130 control mice developed ' 
such cancers, as compared with 12 
of 25 of the treated animals (.Ol>p 
>.001).0£ the control animals 
autopsied, 14 of 18 had lung 
metastases, as compared with only 
3 of 12 of the treated animals. 

In one experiment summarized 
on February 8 of this year i&-
volving Swiss Albino mice, another 
pure strain which develops 
spontaneous mammary cancer, 
Sugiura found that of 28 control 
mice, a showed temporary 
cessation ol tumor growth, and 26 
had lung metastases on autopsy, of 
wblch 13 had multiple metastases. 
Of 35 amygdalin treated mice, 18 
showed temporary tumor growth 
cessation, only 9 had lung 
metastases on autopsy, and only 2 
of these had multiple metastases. 

Several other Sugiura studies 
released in the recent leak show 
results comparable to those above. 

Only an idiot would sincerely 
attribute such a consistent string of 
statistically significant results to 

,"the vagaries of experimental 
variation." Nor could Sugiura . 
possibly be guilty of " unfamiliarity 
.with the animals used," inasmuch 

One can only conclude that Sloan-Kettering spokesmen have 
'misspoken themselves,' or -that their previous· 

statements are now 'inoperative.' 
was held in which some rats 
received small amounta of water, 
while others had a liter or so 
pumped into them so that they 
immediately died from GI rup-
ture; while the controls were given 
no water at all and died from 
de hydration after a week; then by 
summing the data across dosage 
levels it could be readily proved 
that life was not prolonged by 
water. 

Dr. Dean BurIt, then head of the 
Cytochemistry Section of the ACS, 
was the most vocal and persistent 
critic of SRI's conclusions. In a 
lette r ' to Congressman Pete 
Fountain, Burk wrote, " Even a 
schoolboy fishing in a lake for the 
first time, and drawing out a fish 
on the ftrst cast, but none on the 
second cast, would scarcely 
conclude therefrom that there 
were no fish (or no more fish) in 
the lake. He would a~ cer-
tainly make more casta. And even 
if he caugtt no more fish, he would 
almost certainly move to lOOle 
other part of the lake, or change his 
ba it, etc. None of this equivalent 
procedure with respect to Laetrile 
efficacy appears to have been 
undertaken by the NCI. " 

Due to the fierce protests of Burt 
and others, the NDi eventually 
thoughtit wise to initiate further 
animal testing of amygdalin at the 
prestigious Sloan-Kettering 
Institute. Testing began in 1972, 
and to this date, no olfic:lal flndinp , 
ha ve been published. However, the 
results 01 the first study were 
leaked to the preas In October 1m. 
This study ... conducted by Dr. 
Kanematau SaIlura. a respected 
senior member of Sloan-Ketterinl. 

These teats were condIIc.ied with 
CD8Fl mice, .~ of whlc:h develop 
spontaneoUl mammary cancer 
around the .,e 01 ten momba. 
Using dally lp. Injectiona ol 
amygdalin in doses ol 1-2 g/kg, 
SUglura found the following : ci 
the 28 control animals, only 1 
shOwed temporary cessation ci 
tumor growth; of the 30 amygdalin 
treated animals, a showed tern-
pora,ry growth ceaatlon. Of 23 

periments at SKI showed that mice 
treated with amygdalin (Laetrile's 
pharmacologic name) had a ~% . 
rate of metastases as opposed to 
80% for controls. 

"Meanwhile, back at the lab, 
those favorable results could never 
be reproduced; and the Sloan-
Kettering scientists checked their 
findings with Dr. Martin in Queens, 
who also ran replication results. 
All proved negative. Analysis of 
the initial optimistic findings led 
the researchers to conclude that 
they were due to experin,lental 
error inherent in the novel 
technical requirements of working 
with the spontaneous tumor strain 
of mouse rather than with the 
customary transplantable 
stra ins. " . 

"Dr. C. Chester Stock, vice 
president of SKI and director of the 
institute's Wallter laboratories, 
says, 'We have found amygdallD 
negative in aU the animal systems 
we have tested." 

So It appeared that Sugiura's 
original work had been a lucky, · 
unconflnnable Duke. For Sloan-
Kettering hath said It And Sloan-
Kettering is an honorable institute. 
So are they all honorable institutes. 

My colleague Gary ' Ham, who 
had beard from reliable sources 
that Suglura had conducted further 
expea;ments wi~ amygdalin at 
Sloan-Kettering, wrote Sugiura 
requestinc the data from these 
subllequent studies. In a hand-
written letter dated July fT, 1975, 
Suglura repUed that intra-institute 
confidentiality prevented tim from 
releasing the results ol these 
studies. But, slgnlflcartly, he 
failed to retreat frem his original 
findings, and In conclusion 
asserted: "I think amygdallD Is nej! 
a cancer cure but a good palliative 
drug or cornp4md. 

I do not understand others who ' 
are finding different results on the 
inhibitory action ol amygdalin 
upon lung metastases in mice." 

On August 23 of tIU year, a 
second leak to the ...... revealed 
the results 01 Suclura's studies 
since tbe flnt leak. They were 

"t •• •• •• 
. ' .. .. .. ... .. .... .. ... ... .... ~ 

as he has devoted several decades 
of his life to tests of cancer 
chemotherapeutics in animal ' 
models. One must conclude that 
either amygdalin really does have 
efficacy in this system, or that 
Sugiura is consciously or un-
consiously biasing his results 
(painting metastases on mice?). 
The latter possibility seems very 
unlikely ; Sugiura's work has been 
highly respected for decades, and 
he would have nothing to gain by 
backing amygdalin - he is in his 
eighties, hardiy a man on the 
make. He is-certainly well aware 
that no merit is gained by 
producing unconfirmable results. 
·Nhat is perhaps more significant is 
that he has nothing to lose' by 
bucking the system. 

One can only conclude that 
Sloan-Kettering spokesmen have 
" misspoken themselves", or that 
their previous statements are now 
"inoperative" . 

Nor does this exhaust the list of 
animal tests positive to amygdalin. 
Two tests from European research 
centers show significant results: 

Experiments by Dr. Paul 
Reltnauer, chief biochemist of the 
Institute Manfred von Ardenne in 
Dresden (Archlv fuer G~h­
wuistforschung, 42 (2), 135 (1973)): 
20 of 40 H strain mice were g1ven 
bitter abnonds in addition to their 
standard chow. (Bitter almonds 
contain high concentrations ol 
amyldalin.) 15 days after the 
beginning ol this regimen, all 40 
mice were innocuIated with 'l~ 
Ehrlich ascites cells. The ~ 
control mice Uved an average ol 
21.' daJa following this injection. 
The 211 mice who received con-
tinuing bitter almond sup-
plementation Uved an average ci 
25.8 days (p <5 by t-test). 

Dr. T. Metianu, director ci 
research In charge ci phar-
macology-toxicology of the 
Pasteur Institute, Paris : Using 
niice injected with 5xllJll cells ol 
an adenocarcinoma adapted for 
mice, It MIl shown that a group ci 
10 mice treated subcutaneoualy 
two to three Urnes per week for 211 

Pa,eUve 

to 25 days with 500 mglkg observed with amygllalin at 100 
amygdalin, lived an average of 58 ;:.m;g:.,:~ _________ ..., 
days past time of twnor take, while 
a group of 10 control mice 
averaged 21 days survivaL. A . 
repeat of the same test showed 47 
days survival for the amygdalin 
animals, 27 for controls - results 01 
indubitable significance. Less 
striking effects were obtained at 
'higher dosages, and no effect was 

, Copyrigllt 1975, Triton TImes ! 
Permission is granted by the 

author to reproduce portions of 
this article U proper attribution 
ismade' 

Part 2 Wednesday: Why is 
Laetrile labeled a"quack ' drug? 

Shampoo, Cut, & Blow 
Women S12.50 

Men $8.50 
creative hair design 
1130 0 Camino Del Mar 

Del Mar 755-2562 

( OlIn. 2,000 Coat.cb &apin9 LXpLtUna 
in (latif , cJfa.wali, dI~ha.tia.J 

check our ne w lines for 

Fall & Winter Blacks·! 
Shaped Blanks $40.00 Finished Boards $107.00 

270-1 535 l'(1arn & e~e 459-6737 e~e & wee~days day 272-8273 

IT'S TIME 0 THINK ABOUT 
TOMORROW . 

School won't last forever. Before you know it -
graduation. You'll be out of the shell and starting off 
on your prof~ssional or business career. 

Often, irisn't easy. Always, it costs money. 
And there's nothing like a little nest-egg to help 

you over the early humps. 
That's why - right now - you should be saving 

at friendly La Jolla Federal. We pay the highest interest 
allowed by law - thus assuring that your money 
will grow at a. surprisin&ly fast clip. 

Your account's insured to $20,000. And your 
money's available immediately in case of suddeo need. 
Stlrt saving for tomorrow - today. At friendly, 

dependa~ La Jolla Federal. 
We'll help you save for a sunny day. 



• 
• /24- 2/3 

Any ~vent in or tlTOlllld the UC San Dkgo community is eligible 
for inclUslOilIn W HA T'S ON. 

PkllSe use tM styk tIIId lonrtlll you s. b~low lor submissions. 
Turn them In ~ilhIr to tM stuMllt unter by" pm ThundllY, or to 

the Triton Times by ., pm FrldIlY. 

10 am - MeeUq ~ the Student Affirmative Action Committee. North Conference Room, 
Student Center. 

11 am - MeeUq of the Revelle Community Center. Blake Conference Room, Blake Hall, 
Revelle Campus. · . 

Noon - MeetiDC ofthe Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. . . 
Noon - Seminar. Dr. David Bukry, USGS, will speak on .... phytoplankton BIostratigraphy 

(or the Deep Sea Drilling Project." Southwest Fisheries Center Auditorium, Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography. . ' II 

Noon - Art EUlbltloo. The Mandeville Art Gallery will sponsor a showmg of The UCSD 
Collective." The collection features paintings by Picasso and Monet and other renowned 
artists ~ the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Mooday and Tuesday noon until 
5:00pm. b 

Noon- Dlsclllllon: Karen Irwin, M.P.H., Sr. Health Educator, Dept. of Substance A use, 
will discuss careers in public health. Career Planning and Placement, 412 Matthews 
Campus. . . ·u k "Se" 1 pm - SemlDar. Professor Jon Claebout, Stanford Umverslty, WI spea on: ISIJUC 
Signal Processing." 307 Vaughan Hall , Scripps Institution ~ Oceanograph~. . 

1 pm - Wonblp. Christian Prayer Meeting. All those mterested are inVited to attend. 
Lounge Conference Room, Student Center. 

1 pm - MeetiDg of Calpirg. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
2 pm - BIOLOGY DEPT. SEMINAR Edith Lord, Docto!al Candidate, will defen~ her 

thesis: "The Properties of Plaque-forming Cells from Autourunune and Normal Strams of 
Mice with Specificity for Autologous Erythrocyte Antige~", Room 2105, ~onner Hall: 

3 pm - Meeting ~ the Chancellor's Advisory CommIttee on the Handicapped. DISabled 
Student Center, Revelle Commons. Everyone welcome. 

3:30 pm - Meeting - a candidate for Director of Career Planning and Placement will be 
available to talk to interested students. Lounge Conference Room, Student Center. 

4 pm - Meeting of the UJS. Conference room, Student Center. 
4 pm - Drama Presentation. The Drama Club will sponsor the performance of "The 

Summoning of Everyman," a medieval morality play for modern man. On the front gym 
steps. Free . 

4 pm - Seminar. Dr. John Russell, General Atomic, will speak on : "Solar Energy 
Program." 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle Campus. . 

4 pm - Meeting of the Table Tennis Club. Recreation Conference Room, RecreatIOn Gym. 
(Tentative location.) 

4 pm - Women's Volleyball Team versus USIU. Recreation Gym. 
4: 30 pm - Meeting of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gym. 
5-9 pm - Clinic at the Birth Control C~nter is open. Appointments are necessary. Call 452-

2669. 
5 pm - Meeting. Students for Tom Hayden Meeting. AIl interested students invited to 

attend. Gameroom Conference Room, Student Center. 
5:30 pm - Meeting of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Club. Lounge Conference Room, 

Student Center. 
6 pm - Meeting. Christian Science Organization Meeting. Blake Conference Room, Blake 

Hall, Revelle Campus. 
6:30 pm - Meeting of the UCSD Student Cooperative. North Conference Room, Student 

Center. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Students International Meditation Society. Formal Lounge, Revelle 

Campus. 
7 pm- Meeting of the Student Dance Coop. West Balcony, Main Gym. 
7:30 pm - Meeting for all Transcendental Meditators presented by SIMS. Checker 

Training Program to be discussed. Revelle FormalLounge . 
7:30 pm - Auditions. Professor Yen Lu Wong is forming a small company for workshop 

explorations of specific aspects of movement, space and the body as the medium of ex-
pression. 409 Matthews Campus. 

7:30 pm - Junior Varsity Basketball team versus Miramar Naval Air Station, San Diego, 
CA. 

7: 45 pm - Meetidg of the Aikido Club. W restli ng Room, Main Gym. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Gay Students Association. Informal Lounge, Revelle Commons. 
8 pm - Mt:eting of the Israeli Dance Club. Recreation Conference Room, Recreation Gym. 
8 pm - Hynotism Exhibition. The Revelle Program Board will sponsor the Dr. Dean 

Hypnotist Show. Admission is 50 cents for UCSD students, and $1.00 for general admission. 
Revelle Cafeteria. 

8 pm - Concert. Chamber Music Concert featuring UCSD musicians. Recital Hall, 
Mandeville Ce nter. 

8 pm - Organizational meeting for all interested students of the 5&Dime Coffee House. 
5&Dime, Lower Muir Commons. Last meeting of the quarter. 

9 pm - Film. F .111) sponsored by Monday Nite Films, dence fiction classic: "The Time 
Machine," in col()~. 5&Dime, Lower Muir Corrunons. Free. 

PhOto : Ken Robbin s 

-

9 am - Thesia Defease for Ph.D. in Physiology and Pharmacology. John Craig Venter and 
"Immobilized and Insolubilized Drugs, Hormones and Enzymes : Characterizations and 
Applications to Physiology and Medicine." 111 Matthews Campus, Conference Room A. 

9-3 pm - Birth Coatrol Ceater ia open for Information and to make appointments. Student 
Health Center. lbLs service is for students and student PIlrtners. 

11 : 30 am - MeeUDg ~ Fourth College Program Board. Matthews Recreation Center. 
Noon - MeetlDC of the Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. . 
Noon - c .. eert sponsored by the Muir Program Board: Musicians Guild members in 

concert. outdoors,in the Lower Muir Quad. Free. 
Noon - MeeUDg of the Graduate Student Council Office ~ Student Organizations Student 

Center. 
1 pm - SeneIMr. Dr. Kurt Schonbammer, Tecbnical University, Munich, Germany, will 

speak on, "Correlation Effects in the Cllemiaarption of Hydrogen," A.P.M. 2202, Muir 
Campua 

1 pm - "onlllp. Christian Prayer Meeting. All those Interested are invited to attend. 
Lounge Conference Room, Student Center. 

3 pm - Field Hockey team versus Mesa College. Mesa College, San Diego, CA. 
3:30 pm - Seminar. Dr. Zachary Fisk, UCSD, will speak on "Explanation of the Normal 

State Resistivity Curves ~ SuperconductlDg Compounds." P&L 1110, Muir Campus. 
4 pm - Meeting of the United Native American Students. 412 Matthews Campus. All 

Native American Students invited. 
4:30 pm - Meeting of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:30 pm - Meeting. Dinner with an Engineer. Matthews Cafeteria. 
S pm - Meeting of the Cheerleaders Club. Recreation Conference Room, Rec. Gym. 
S pm - Meeting of the Dance Workshop. West Balcony, Main Gym. 
6 pm - Meeting of the Pep Band. Recreation Conference Room, Rec. Gym. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Women's Soccer Club. P"L 1320, Muir Campus. 
7 pm - Meeting. Fourth Forum, the Fourth College Student Government. Matthews 

Recreation Center. 
7 pm - EAB meeting in the Revelle Informal Lounge. All members should be present. 

7 pm - Meeting of the Fourth College Fourth Forum. Matthews Campus Recreation Hall. 
· 7-9:30 pm - Educational Worksllop .. Alcohol Abuse by the Young presents "Delbert the 
Drunk," Richard Woodaman, and a tour. 841 S. 41st. St. San Diego. 

7 :30 pm - AuditioDl. See Monday listing. 

7:30 - MeeUq of the Alpha Omega Alliance. Lounge Conference Room, Student Center. 
7: 30 pm - LeehIre. The Y ClURg Soclalilt Alliance will sponsor a lecture by Theodore 

Edwards on "China Today" , North Conference Room, Student Center. 
7:30 pm - Jaalor Vanity BuketbaD Team VB. USIU. Main Gym, UCSD. 
7: 30 pm - Meedq ~ the Folk Dance Club. Recreation Conference Room. Rec. Gym. 
7: 30 pm - Meebl. Allan American Student Alliance. Infonnal Loun«e, Revelle Campus. 
8 pm - Coaeert. The U<l;D Music Department will sponsor "Atomic Cafe" an ex-

perimental music presentation. Mandeville Recital Hall. 
8 pm - Coaeert. Sam Hinton will appear itI concert sponsored by Students for Tom 

Hayden. The concert will be the culminating event of a good drive directed by Students for 
Tom Hayden for the United Farm Workers. People will be asked to donate a can of food as 
admittance to the concert. Muir 5" Dime, Lower Muir Commons. 

8 pm - Flrellde. Baba'u'Dah has brouglt the fulfillment of all prophecies of the past. 
Come to the fireside to find out about him and his teachings. 4th college dorms, DeAnza Hall 
upstairs lounge. For info call Dan, 452-91167. 

8 pm - MeetbiJ of the Surf Club. APL 1110. Short but important all members urged to 
attend. 

11 am - MeeUq of the Revelle Pr:ogram Board. Revelle Provost Office. 
Noon - Meetbll of the Campus Ministry. Fonnal Lounge, Revelle Campus. 
Noon - Colleen. Edna, the UCSD Student Information Center will present The Hollli 

Gentry Jazz Group, featuring Cecil Lytle. On the Gym steps, FREE. 
Noon - MeetIDg of the Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 
1 pm - "orbbop. Christian Prayer Meeting. All those interested are invited to attend. 

Lounge Conference RoOm, Student Center. 
2 pm - MeeUDg 01 the Cross-Cultural Wives Group. International Center. 
3 pm - Meeting of the Disabled Student Union. Disabled Student Center, Revelle Com-

mons. All Students welcome. 
4 pm - MeedDg of the Musician Guild. Office of Student Organizations, Student Center. 
4 pm - Women'. Volley .. ll Team vs. USIU. United States International University, San 

Diego,Ca. 
4 pm - Seminar. Dr. Garath Guest, General Atomic Company, will speak on "Recent 

Developments in Controlled Thermonuclear Research." USB 2622, Revelle Campus. 
4 pm - Poetry ReacUng. Jerome Rothenburg will read his poetry. Revelle Formal Lounge. 
4 pm - Meeting of the Table Tennis Club. Recreation Conference Room, Rec. Gym. 

(Tentative location). 
4 pm - Drama Presentation. The 'Drama Club will sponsor the performance of "The 

Summoning of Everyman," a medieval morality play for modern people. On the front gym 
steps. FREE. 

4: 30 pm - Meeting of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gym. 
4:30 pm - BIOLOGY DEPT. SEMINAR Dr. Dan L. Lindsley of the Department of 

Biology, UCSD, will speak on "Cytological Evidence for Switches in the Polarity of 
Chromosomal DNA," Room 2105, Bonner Hail. . 

5-9 pm - Clinic at the Birth Control Center ... See Monday. 
5 pm - Meeting, Sports car club in gym conference room. Just beginning. All interested 

are invited or call 452-9407 for infonnation. . 
5:30 pm - Meetiag of the Budget Resources Group.of the Student Cooperative. Office of 

Student Organizations, Student Center. 
6 pm - Meeting of the Triton Wargamlng SocIety. 902 Tioga Hall. Everyone interested is 

welcome. 
6: 30 pm - Meeting of the Sign Language Club. Disabled Student Center, Revelle Com· 

mons. Everyone invited. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Kundaleni Yoga Club. Adaptive Room, Main Gym. 
7:30 pm - MeeUq of the Trident Christian Fellowship. North conference room, Student 

Center . . 
7: 30 pm - MeeUag of the Dance Workshop. North Balcony, Main.Gym. 
7: 45 pm - MeetiDg of the Aikido Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 
S pm - Concert. Chamber Music Presentation featuring UCSD musicians. Mandeville 

Recital Hall. 

10 am - Meeting of the Administrative Interns. Office of Student Organizations, Student 
Center. 

4 pm - Juaior Varsity Basketball Team vs. North Island Naval Air Station. Main Gym, 
UCSD. 

7 pm - Meeting of the Campus Crusade for Christ. Winzer Corrunons. 

10 am - BIKE RIDE for riders of all abilities. Meet in front of the Bike Shop. 
6:30 pm - Varsity Basketball Team will participate in the La Jolla Classic with USIU. 

Pomona College and Chapman College. Main Gym, UCSD. 

10: 30 am - Worship. Catholic Students' Mass. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge. Revelle North Dining Hall. 
WORSHIP FOR Students and Staff at University-Community Church: 

Catholic-8:30 and 5 pm. 
Lutheran-l0 am. 
Episcopal·n:30 am. 

4 pm - New Poetry Series, Formal Lounge, Revelle College Commons. Readings by 
Jerome Rothenberg. Free. . 

3: 30 pm - Meeting -a candidate for Director of Career Planning and Placement will be 
available to talk to interested students. Lounge Conference Room, Student Center. 

3:30 pm -GoU ExhiblUonand Clinlc. Mr. Gene Littler and Mr. Phil Rogers will present an 
exhibition of goU at the UCSD Golf Driving Range. The range is located near the married 
students apartments on the eastern end of the campus. Event is free and all University 
students, faculty. and staff are invited. 

AT THlITUHNT _OIl_no.! ClNTEII: Bert BI_enleld , Information COOrd inator; Tony. Yolr. Slel. 
St .... FNd . Den . J_ P . . J_ F .• OMn. Dennis. Ch.ryl . Linda B .• Linda L. Sue. Information O_lh ...... 
Cynlhl_. Cammie, typists. Wendy E .... . _ 



......... M ..... '. Nevember M, 1175 

~:ie1ty for the ...... I"\'.lion of 

pr8leQ'" 
STAN GE I Z QUARTET 
Wid. Nov. 26 ShowyiMIs 9pM at llpM 

ADMISSION IJ.'O 
------------------------~-~--.. ThuRS. ANd FRi. No" 27 & 28 

STAN GE I Z QUARTET 
ANd 

CHET BAKER QUARTET 
1st show Chit Baker 9pm 

Stan Getz 10pm 
2nd show Chet Baker . 11:15-12:00 "Badlands": Bad Ass 

. Stan Getz 12:15-1:15 
ADMISSION 14.00 

.. --_._. __ .. _-----------------_._-..... 

By Steve ElmedIDa Much of this is evident fnm the 
Staff Wrllel' film's method of expositioo-lhe 

SAT. Nov 29 ANd SUN. Nov JO tension between the poetically 
GETZ QUARTET Terrence Malick's "Badlands'" verbose narration by Spacek. the 

possessed a modicum of tile sen-
sitlvity. hard-boiled wit and 
despair accorded to the proletarian 
runaways of fOm _Ir. Or the elan 
of modern nmaways? Are 81m 
audiences so in need of social 
identification that they eschew 
moral sensibility? Badluda ac· 
complishes something mUch more 
difficult for us to deal with. In that 
sense. to call It amoral is 
misleading. BadIaDds is the truly 
"moral" film-a complex one. 

STAN is a landmark in modem film. Such taut. absurdly blank dialogue. the . 
Sh ' d 1 a blanket, portentous claim might horrifying mechanical violence. OWTIMES 'PM AN 1 pM be likely to inspire shudders in and the calm visuals. Before the 

AdMissiON SAT $4.00 SUN IJ.'O anyone wary of another instant credits. Spacek utters with in-
_______________________ • ___ .. "classic." But "Badlands" is such nocent grandiloquence: "UWe did 

CATAMARAN HOTEL 3999 MISSION BLVD _ an exhaustingly limpid "black I realize that what began in the 
459-8552 Must be 21 and show ID comedy" that it Confounds at· alleys and backways of this little 

No. It's me. 
your fHend!}' 
A~Plart. 

Thari<sfa' 
sa-Jing me aftu 

tre~ 
I 

. We:" se ld ou a free bookle t on Avocado Seed Growing 
If you II se ld us 25¢ for handling and postage. Address it: 
Seed GroNirig . PO. Box 2162. Costa Mesa. CA 92626. 
Allow 4·6 wks for delivery. Offer expires Dec . 31. 1976. 

INSIDE EVERY 
CAUFORNIA AVOCADO ~J 

THERE'S A FREE TREE. 
AND SOMEONE TO ~ <> 

TALKTO:f 
•• . .• .•••• ,t ••• , •••••• ,.,." •• "" t l , • • • ttt l. , ' t t .'tt4 It .. t 

tempts to overpraise it. town would end up in the badlands 
I use the phrase "black comedy" of Montana." From there. Malick 

qualifiedly because this movie moves to witness Sheen, a lanky, 
deserves a much more lucid' stringy garbageman. offering a 
description. "Badlands" is a true dollar to his partner Cato (Ramon 
original. simultaneously fitting Bieri,) if he will eat a dead collie 
into and breaking precedents. they have found in an alley. Bierl's 
Despite its success at the New reply: "lain't gonna eat thatfor no 
York Film Festival in 1973. and dolluh. It ain't a collie neither." 
with both American and European From this incredibly oblique 
critics. "Badlands" has suffered beginning it is obvious that we are 
the typical fate of the American observing a world gone haywire. 
"art" film-submergence. It is Actions don't connect with reac-
scheduled to be re-released in tions. A girl makes love for the first 
December as a bottom-half extra. time and wonders "gosh what was 
Since the notoriety accorded everybody tallng about?" To which 
"Badlands" during its initial her boyfriend responds. "Don't ask 
release was marred by its me." A girl's father is killed by her 
superficial resemblance to Robert boyfriend, so she slaps him. A 
Altman's "Thieves Like Us" and young man shoots his best friend 
Steven Spielberg's "Sugarland and holds the door open for him 
Express," another look at Its while he stumbles imide with a 
remarkable salient qualities would hole in his stomach. " Is he upset?" 
be helpful. asks the girl. 

"B8dlands" makes no secret 
about its debt to the trend-setting 
"Bonnie And Clyde." Malick 
acknowledges Arthur Penn in the 
closing credits. However, 
"Badlands" deflates the "youth-
on·the-run" mold even while 
working from within it. First, 
Malick has stripped his doomed 
lovers of any romantic mission. 
They are not outcasts running from 
a world they never made. Their 
violence. paradoxically. is pur-
posefully gratuitous. Kit (Martin 
Sheen) and Holly (Sissy Spacek), 1f 
they represent anything. are icons 
of the empty. arrid, and 
meaningless landscape they oc-
cupy. both literally and 
figuratively . The film's 

This ends up with the lawmen 
who are sending the young man to 
his death telling him that he was 
"no trouble" and "quite an in-
dividual," with the girl later 
marrying the son of the lawyer who 
defended her. and with the young 
man devoting his body to science. 

How does the woman. today. 
recall these points in her life? 
Spacek's narration is comicaUy 
understated: "Suddenly I was 
thrown into a state of shock. Kit 
'was the most trigger happy person 
I'd ever met." It is jammed with 
purple similes: "The world was 
like a far-off planet to which I could 
never return." And It dIapenaes a 
lot of unnecessary "handy-hlnta:" 
"For gas we used the leakage from 
the refinery pipes. Once we ate a 
bunch of salt grass. It tasted like 
cabbage." The matter-of-fact 
delivery vitiates any response on 
our part. "What a thing to say" we 
say. But who is to say? Would it be 
better for us if Sheen and Spacek 

This pinched. absurd story takes 
place on a beautifully exp8lL'live 
canvas. and is filtered through an 
immensely broad musical pallette. 
Evocatively empty landscapes are 
accompanied by James Taylor's 
guitar strains. Turquoise skies are 
offset by Satie. Haydn bursls forth 
from swirling Dames which devour 
a house. 'l1Ie woods mysteriously 
whisper Orff. A moonlight dance to 
Nat King Cole is lit by headlight 
glare. George Tipton puts laV4!lldar 
sunsets to rest. 

The acting is unlike any I have 
ever seen In an American 
narrative film. The austere, 
fidgety, zombie-like perfonnances 
of Sheen and Spacek have a slight 
resemblance to the kind of acting 
directors like Ozu and Bresson 
extract fl'9m their chess-piece 
people. but with a difference. Ozu 
and Bresson hang' pia carib over 
their characters, never allowing 
nuances. quirks. tics or an actor 's 
intuition to alter their inunobile, 
fatalistic patterns. Malick doesn·t 
reaUy force his actors into boxed-in 
conographical performances. 
Indeed, there is less of a sense of 
. caricature in the spooky lucidity of 
the actors in Badlands. than the 
regional impersonations in BoDDie 
and Clyde. The acting force here is 
suggestive. not tyrannical. 

''Badlands'' is an eminently 
musical film. using each element 
of the Image in counterpoint. It is 
difficult to imagine what MalIck 
can do for a foUow-up. SureIy his 
gifts are auspicious. How they will 
flourish under the commercial 
restrainls of the American movie 
industry is a prayer as yet unaP' 
swered. 

topography is flat and expansive; 
its psychology is flat and ironic. By 
stripping his characters of 
recognizable veneers, sings, 
motivations or dramatic 
definitions. Malick distances the 
audience from them in a way that 
caters to curiosity but permits no 
room for condescension. 
patronization or identification on 
the parts of filmmaker or film 
witness. 

This distancing is the only honest 
way for a visionary artist to create 
a fiction like "Badlands." The 
ilL'light required to attach the 
various st rains of cinema 
psychology would be slight. Malick 
knows that he doesn't "know" the 
"reason" bphlnd these-killers. He 
never approaches didactic 
analysis. "Badlands" is fact as 
fantasy. The cold unassuming. and 
unimaginable tenor of this film 
places it in the realm of fairy tale-a 
lunatic's fairy tale. 

Chamber Ensemble 
Appears Tonight 

The UCSD Chamber Ensembles will present a Chamber Music Concert 
today at II pm in the Mandeville Center Recital Hall. 

The program covers a wide range of musical repertory. From the 
classical period (works by Vivaldi, Kuhlau. Handel. Telemann. Schubert, 

Hay~, Sor and Mozart) to contemporary works (including SoUberger. 
Martin, Davenport and Ives.) 

Ed Harkins of the UCSD Music Faculty coordWtted the efforts of the 
performers with help from Molly Lash. Bob MacDougall. John SUber, 
Thomas Nee. Bel'fl8rd Batschelet and Brad Dow. 

The qoncert is ftee and open to t.be public" 
t" , • I ~ " , , • i / I I I · ~ , •• 

SD Symphony Inspires 
Uttle Enthusiasm 

byAIna-t 
Tbe San Diego Symphony 

Orchestra pve a concert Jut 
Friday nI&bt at the CIvic n.tre 
that ... competed enough, but 
inspired Uttle entbl'eleem At their 
present level of quality, they 
remain JUIt another symphony-

The orchestra played for two 
hours, perfOl'llllni two modern 
works: the "Violin Concerto in D 
minor," by Jean S1belius. and 
"Das Lied von der Erde" ("Song of 
the Earth.") by Gustav Mahler. 
The Sibelius work was his only 
concerto, and he apparently 
decided to put a lot into it. It is a 
long and many-faceted piece that 
transcends the confines of the 
traditional concerto form. 

For the soloist. It is one of those 
concertos that Is designed to show 
off his virtuosity. containing 
cadenzas that explore the limils of 
the instrument with frantic energy. 
Soloist Harold Wolf, concertmaster 
of the orchestra. responded 10 the 
demands of the piece with a nne 
show of dexterity and control. 

The orchestration was fairly 
complex, demanding more than a 
supporting role. and involving 
extensive interplay between the 
sections of the orchestra. This 
quality gave the piece a searching 
air, as the various sections ad-
vanced tentative melodies. 0c-
casionally corning together to 
make a grandly expressive 
statement. 

To achieve the full effect of the 
piece. however. required more 
sensitivity to th~ material than the 

Records. 

orchestra pouessri. The interplay 
of the lnatrumenta lacked precise 
definition and modulation. 
resulting in a mushy IOImd where 
the individual voices were nat as 
distinct and clear as they should 
have been. 

There is an interesting history 
behind the Mahler piece. Having 
completed eight symphonies. 
Mahler was afraid to write a ninth, 
since Beethoven. Schubert. and 
Bruckner had all died after writing 
their ninth. So instead he wrote a 
piece. "Das Lied von der Erde .. 
which is essentially a symphony. 
but is scored for two voices. Later, 
Mahler decided to do a ninth 
anyway, and died shortly 
thereafter, without having heard 
"Das Lied von der Erde" per· 
formed. 

The work is a cycle of six songs 
sung alternately by tenor and 
contralto. Marvellee Car1aga. a big 
woman with a big voice. was the 
contralto. and Seth McCoy the 
tenor. Both were fine singers. 
although McCoy's voice lacked 
sufficient strength to hold its own. 

The orchestra did much better on 
this piece. capturing the dynamiC 
spirit of its exhuberant passages. 
On the whole. however. it was a sad 
work, reflecting Mahler's 
depression at the time of its 
composition. Most of it speaks of 
the hopelessness of life in face of 
the shadow of death. Unfor-
tunately. the 'last song had a long. 
dragging ending. so that the 
concert ended on a note of 
boredom. 

Don't Forget George 
Timothy Madleazie 

Staff Wrllel' 

PORTRMTGALLERY-HARRY 
CHAPIN. ELEKTRA RECORDS 

Harry Chapin. the often 
misunderstood artist. will 
probably get another dose of 
negative feedback with the release 
of "Portrait Gallery." Chapin 
writes story songs which are not 
usua lly commercially accepted. "I 
always write story songs, which is 
not the most successful way to 
write." Chapin said. "I don·t'wrIte 
formula singles. I've never written 
for the pre-pubescent, ~ to ll-year-
olds who supposedly buy most of 
the records. That's wby I've never 
had much luck with singles. 

Indicative of Chapin' s more 
subtle message songs on "Portrait 
Gallery" is " Bummer." the story 
of a black child in the ghetto who 
turns to crime and eventually ends 
up fighting in Vietnam. "Bum-
mer" does provide some In-
teresting twists and should not 
thought of as a cliche message 
song. 

"Portrait Gallery" provides 
more of the standard Chapin fare. 
The best selection in addition to 
"B ummer" is "Star Tripper " 
which has the best flowing music 
on the album. It does not appear 
that "Portrait Gallery" will 
produce a single comparable to 
::Cat'g In The Cradle." Althoogh 
Portrait GaUery" is not as solid 

as the forerunner "Verities and 
Ba.lderdash," it does provide lIOIIle 
enjoyable listening. 
EXTRA TEXTURE (READ ALL 
ABOUT IT) - GEORGE 
HARRISON . APPlE RECORDS 

Call it divine will or whatever 
Yba°U want. but Georie Harrison is 

' " ck to fonn with his latest work 
Extra Texture." It marlra a fine 

recovery for Harriaon followini 
~e heavy criticism accorded hla 

st album "Dark Hone " 
"Extra Texture" .118 wltb a 

number called "You" reminilcent ~~'Livtng in the Material World," 
Y Sweet Lord" and other' 

Harrison hits. The album appears 
to be centered around "You." 

The second side of the albwn 
begins with a short instrumental 
reprise of "You." appropriately 
entitled "A Bit More Of You." 
"You" is an example of Harrison . 
at his best and contains a good 
measure of the true essence of 
Harrison. 

Other efforts sure to receive 
their share of airplay are "This 
Guitar (Can't Keep from Crying)" 
and "Tired of Midnigit Blue." 
" This Gultar" is the sequel to his 
Beatles success "While My Guitar 
Gently Weeps." Harrison stated 
that it wasn't until recently that he 
realized the popularity of his 
Beatles composition. With that In 
mind he compoeed "ThIs Guitar" 
for his latest album. The 
similarities between the two sonp 
are blatant. but that appears to be 
Harrlson's Intention. A good 
composition containing some 
capable guitar work by HarrIson 
and Jesse Ed Davis. entitled 
"TIred of Midnight Blue" is the 
real aurprlse of the album. It is 
very simple with a most infectious 
beat. 

There cannot be a George 
HarrIson releue witbout a healthy 
measure of d •• per. more 
phlllaopblcal .......... and "Extra 
Texture" is .. eaceptian. Good 
exampl. can be found in "The 
Answer'. at till End," "World of 
Stone" and "Grey Cloudy Li .... 
They probablJ wan't Inspire you to 
Knstu. ballIarIWon may know 
aomeWng that we mortals do not. 



f rh ... fllnl'8 
Over Plucky l(erlandS 

Water 010 Pulls Out Win Over Plucky Redlands 
by Cary TlMaplOll 

Staff .'riter 
The UC San Diego water polo 

teaJll squeaked by the University 
of Redlands in overtime here 
Thursday, 13-12. The victory ran 
the Tritons' record to 12-11 for the 

Redlands proved to be tougher 
than expected in a run-and-gun 
battle that the Tritons were for-
tunate to win. 

Redlands jwnped out to a quick 

1~ lead but relinquished It when 
the Tritons Rick Lance scored 
twice near the end of the first 
quarter. 

UCSD never did pull away from 
the persistent Redlands team. In 
fact the Tritons would have been 
behind at half had It not been for a 
few miraculous saves by goalie 
BobAlei. 

The two teams traded goal for 
goal in the second half. The 

Tritons ' Joe Miller started the 
fourth qUarter out right with a long 
shot that opened up a 7-5 lead. It 
appeared that UCSD had gained 
the momentum when two costly 
penalties gave the opponents a one 
man advantage for one minute. 
Redlands made the best of Its 
opportunity and scored two quick 
goals to tie the game at 8-3. The 
Tritons blew another two point lead 
late in the match and the game 
went mto overtime with the score 
tied at ten apiece. 

Three minutes into overtime 
period Rick Lance and DennIs 
Thomas scored two qulck goals for 
what appeared to be an In-
surmountable lead. The tough 
Redlands team refused to give in 
and it took another Thomas goal to 
give the Tritons a narrow 13-12 
victory. 

The Tritons finish up their 
season over the Thanksgiving 
break with a tourney here at 
UCSD. 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
, Ru .... nII RII •• 

CIaSSl fieds should eilher be printed or typed on a 3" K5" card (available In 
Triton Tlme. ort lce). They may be submitled anytime between 9 and noon 
and t and 4 p.m. 

The follow ing rates are for 100 spaces - If you use more spaces. the rate 
wi ll double . (t OO spaces .. 25 cents; 1 ()1 to 200 .. 50 cents). 

Per. onals .. St 
Lost and Found .. free 

Personat lzed Christmas cards: wide 
select ion from very contemporary to very 
traditional. Order before Thanksg iYing & saye 
t5 percent , Calf & save both $ /I. footwork . 
453-0387 (11 125) 
69 Toyota Mark II Corona AM· FM. air cond , 4 
door. new battery . Windshield. Good con· 
dllion $1100. 755·8822 (11 / 24 ) 

Bring the loot and get the boots. Han sen Inti 

Attn . songwriters· will transcribe or arrange 
yourtunes. Call 455-1717 eves . (11/24) 

Earn extra money sei ling Christmas gift 
Item. door to door. Easy to sell. 453·5441 . 
(t1 126) 

Wanted: Keyboard player and guitarist with 
jazz·rock background for established lady 
singer 283·7564 (111 26) 

Other ads: studenls .. 25 cents 
nonstudents .. 51 

ski bootS. Shell size 9·11 . More Info call Ron Female vocalis t wJth guilar for weddings. 
452·1879. (11 i 24 ) and recept ions with band, 299·3604 (11 126) 

Deadl ines: 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 pm Monday for Wed nesday; 4 pm 
Wednesday for Friday . 

Announcement.. free. All announcemenls will run In the Monday 
calendar . Deadline for calendar' 4 pm Friday, 

(All addit ions or correct ions 10 listings in the Schedule of Classes for 
regular University courses Wi ll be charged $1 .) 

ItOUSiNG 
UCSD Senior living In hi. van, seeks to rent 
a 2·car garage With kitchen and bathroom 
priVIleges. Call 454-8549 and leave your name 
and numbar, (11126) . 

Roommate needed to share Ig 3BR house In 
o B Ocean View plus many extras. Sl20plus 
util Ellc or CurtiS 225·0044 (t 1126) 

Need M or F 10 live In mu(ed house In 
CI,,,,monl no smokers $75 mth plus util Yard 
avail t2ft 272·9932 (11 124) 

FOR RENT, own room In old Ocean Beach 
home (nice lawn, yard etc.) Ouiet neigh. 
borhood Close to beach. shope, buses . free 
way etc. pi'efer q uiet person. 5100lmo 
utilities Inclu Steven 222·7t 95 & 270·t059 
(11 124) 

Fema le Roomate Needed: Roomy Api in 
Solana Bch, 115 osr mo plus utilities for yr 
own room. Call 755·8850 (11124) 

Desperate! I need a place to slay while the 
dorms are closed during December. Willing 
to pay . Leave a message for Steve N at 482· 
8297 or Tenaya B-62. (1"24) 

For rent Dec 6·Jan 1 3 large. beautiful room 
with bay windows tn Gatehouse Cottage 
Dedra 755·5218 (11'124) 

F roo mate needed. House In Del Mar on 
beach wshr l dryr f l reptace yard S95mo 755-
3270 Naomi or Whoever (1 1124) 

Doubte bed $25 . Call 56(}'6830 or 452·4575 or 
452·3194 (11 124) 

One ,ery warm down ski Jacket. Year old , 
$25 New cond ition twin bed and frame $201 
755-1320 (11 124) 

Sofigor auto 1/4 200mm lens and Vlv;tar 1/ 2.8 
135 mm lens Penta. mount. . 565·4753 
(11126) 

'72 Super Bug. orange· black , AM·FM· 
Tapes. new tlfes , 29000 miles, Excellent 
cond ,. $2100. Liz. VA K 3729 or 481-0396 after 
5 pm , (11 1241 

Water sports: Bonzer 8'2". skip frye swallow. 
bOlh Klnt 570. New duck leet , sIZe M $7.50 
Mark 488-8439. 

1 (}.speed , men's 21·inch, rebuilt. new ti res. 
cables. all sun tour equipped $60 Mark 488· 
8439. 

Goya guitar. Rosewood and Mahogany 
Swedish.bultt . case. Marl< 488-8439. 

Citane interclub blcycle-24 17" f ram ... l yr old· 
good cond ition·$l20 or make 0Iler·758-2826 
after5 (111 25) 

Cramming lor fina lS? Dont! Get prof ap· 
proved lecture notes sofd M· Th Revelle Quad 
SlOt all back I.sues Psych 10. Psych 16. Econ 
l B Econ 2A, Chern lC. Nat SCi lA. Ochem 
Blo 7. Nat SCI lC. Longuistics lA. SCi /I. Tech 
l1Afl1 126) 

TRAvEl 
SSW Trayel Office UCSD International 
Center XMAS NY Charter S209: Mazatzan 
camping $139. Cent. America 3 weeks 
$479 Int'! Student 10. Summer Europe 
Charters .. 452-0630, tl am • 4 pm. Mon. 
Wed. Fri only. (11 126) 

Europe. Israel. Orient . NY. TGA low·cost 
flighlS: Ais l 1436 S. LaCienega BI. L.A . 
90035 . 714· 544·9333 or 2t 3·652·2727. (11126) 

Wanted ' Ride to Palo Alto lor Thanksgiving 
homemade cookies and cash for gas 
Adllenne 755·5306 (11124) 

DRIVE MY CAR to Dallas week of Dec. 15·22. 
Must be mature. responSib le with references 
Call 453-0033. It 1124) 

Rider wanted 10 share expenses. Will be 
coming from Stockton to UCSD 11 129 or 30 
Also wilt be returning to Stockton Dec. 4 or 5 
Call Chanda 453-2807 (1 1126) 

Th ere are 20 new tickels forthe All Cal winter 
carnIval In Aspen on sale Mon. student 
center (11124) 

WANTEd 
Need eK tra cash? Paying top dollar for your 
U.S. Silver coins minted before 1965. Ken 
453-7924. (11126) 

WANTED. SkiS 170-1 75 CM, Women. boot. 
'slze 8-8'h Call 447·1753 and ask for Sarah. 
(11/24) 

Need help In Music Historyltheory? Grad 
with BMUS. in History and MUS. 11 TA 2 yrs. 
For tutor·455·1717. (111 24 ) 

Wilder Guitar Amp :lOO Watts· RMS 4-t 2's 4 
to's Solicl State Sound S600 or bast . 481-0502 
afler 5. It 1124 ) 

COMMUNITY THANK SGIYI NG EVE SERVICE 

Calculators !! 
Calculators HP21 ·595 HP22·St5!;, 
HP25·St82. SRSOA·S91 SR51 A.S135 
F rve day dehv(fry All models new. 
Carry fu ll year ( uatantee, and Include 
a ll 5tandard ace> ss~r .. s Send Check Or 
COD reque. t (fol C 0 add $2) plus 6% 
tax to Cheap Celc ator Company. 636 
Fourth SI Da IS CA 956t6 If nol 
sallsfled, return wl'hin 15 <.Jays for full 
refUnd (11 /I 01 

WEDNESDAY EVENING, NOVEJ1BER 26, 1975 

SEVEN-THIRTY O' CLOCK 

~\ t,lU Pl.AN Jr. IR ING OHER ING Of 
IAPlES AND C'.'ED GOODS FOIl 

DIS TRIBUTION 10 NEEDY FAI'IILI[$ , 

lA JOLlA PRESBYTERIAl! CHURCH 
7715 DRAPER AVENUE 

Wan led a few good men or women to go 
snow camping on X·country skfl . In the 
Sierras th is winter vaca tion Alan 452-84 93 
(1 t 124) 

• SERVICES 
Collegiate research aids- thousands on file. 
Send Sl for your 160 page mall order catalog . 
Research ASSistance, 11322 Idaho Ave ~ 206 
Los Angeles CA 90025. 213·471·8474. (1119) 

People movers. MOIJI ng advice and 
assistance. Very reasonable, Call Jeff 272· 
3078. (1 1 126) 

THE WOOD DOVE·A gourmet Nalural Foods 
Restaurant , recently opened in So lana 
Beach . tSO Acacia (NeKt to Another Bird) . 
Open 11.1 1. Dinner f rom 5·10. SpeCial offer : 
FrUit Smooth Ie. 45 cenls. Del. 15-Nov. 15. 
Tel 755·5810. 
EKplore old mas t ... draw ing & pain ling . Learn 
how to prepare your own surfaces & paints. 
Bill 43£>.0709. (11 124) 
Are you adopted ? Seeking natural paren1S? 
232·6510 or P.O. 33272 SD921 03 . (117) 

If you have a term paper. d issertation. 
manuscrfpt . etc , that needs to be typed or 
Iypesel (Camera-reedy) f can do II. Call Sher 
279·1418Clairemont . (11 126) 

Far away from home?·another state. another 
country? How WOUld you like to have 
Thanksgiving dinner with a family? There are 
some famlties who would like to shlr. with 
you if interested call Lisa: 459-8442 (11 124) 

Mime and singinQ les.ons by professional 
union member. Given at UCSD or N. County. 
reasona ble! 753-8109 (11 126) 

Typist·accurate. prompt . profesSional . IBM, 
XeroK & delivery available. CIII Sandra 436-
4149 (11 126) 
Had you called 222· tOOO tast week you 'd be. 
nonsmoker now (11 125) 

PERSONAls 
Mellow, Intell igen t fOKY guy want. girl for 
dating . sk II ng . traveling . call Bob 753-0596 
11124) 

Col leen-Happy Birthday . What I g ive to you 
will last forever . Nick (t 1124) 

DAVID .. azasasasas I thought Ike was full 01 
reffled beans but he's not quite as fllpOSd as I 
thought. My re.lstence is weakening. You 
had belter stay out of the fig ht 20. s 

lOST" FOUNd 

Nora 
( t 1 12~) 

Purs&-homemade with Japanese wallet. No 
bucks. Please Relurn to Lynn 755-5941 . 
(11124) 

Lost. Book ''When the Spider Da"""' '' 
Monday 1111 7 In front of USB 2722. 2 pm If 
you have it please call Lynn. 45HI935. I need 
It 11 1124) 

REWARD I S5 Goldrim Glasses lost turn in aI 
n olf ice (1 1124) 

Lost wh ite sweater in HL aud lt I t4 If found 
pl .... ca ll 453·7450 or 453-5838 (tl f24) 

Found·one lady of light. Await ing reward. 
Contact thru TT(ll l 2A) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
.thlele •• lake nolle.! ! Votunteers are needed 
to help organize, coordinate and coach tearns 
In a new softba ll or soccer league fO! 
elementary school children in the North 
County area . Th is is an eKcelient way to get 
involved in the San Dleguito commun ity . 
Call Diana at 755· 2538 or MaryAnn at 222· 
5165 for more Information . 

Any bands interested in being hlfed 10 play 
lor R)!Velle dances. ca l l Marta at 453·7821 . 

latest fashions 
in wire fram"es 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes examined 
prescriptions fiUed 
contact lenses fined 
repaiis 
hours moo - !II 1030 - 800 
sat , 0·6 clOStd sundayS 

sports arena blvd. 
(across from lhe spar'S lIeM' 

224.2914 

Moaday, November 14, If75 • rl.oll •• n1('S 
Volleyball . 

Women lose Tourney Finals Thriller 
by Pa.IW .... 

Staff Writer 

For the UC San Diego women's 
volleyball team, the end of the 
school's ninth week was tour" 
nament time, and classes assumed 
secondary Importance. 

TIle Tritons, e&-winners of the 
district championship, took second 
place In the San Diego Women's 
Intercollegiate Athletic Con-
ference (SQWIAC) Tournament at 
Mesa College last week. In the 
doubllHlliminaUon touriley, which 
lasted from Wednesday to 
Saturday morning, UCSD was 
stopped, 16-13, in the championship 
game by Grossmont. 

The tournament started Wed-
nesday afternoon at Mesa College 
with the Tritons facing Point Loma 
College. Missing Karen Flammer, 
Ellen O'Rorke and Eva Ljungwe, 
coach Chuck MiDenbah went with 
some of his second team players in 
Ule front row and came off with a 
15-13, l3-15, 15-{) victory. 

"The girls weren't accustomed 
to playing with such a line-up, and 
it took them a while to get used to 
each other before their play 
started to gel," said coach Chuck 
Millenbah. 

Their next match was not until 
Friday evening, when they faced 

.Palomar College. Even with the 
full team attending this match, the 
women had their troubles getting 
sta rted as they lost the f:rst game, 
15-13 before coming back to take 
the match with 15-12,15-9 wins. 

By virtue of the team's wins, it 
advanced into the finals of the 
winners bracket Saturday morning 
against Grossmont. 

The history of the matches 
between the two schools showed a 
tendency toward close games and 
this one. was again tight. The UCSD 
women were ready for this match 
all-Ihey won by identicall6-13,15-13 
scores. 

Since the tournament was double 
elimination, the only way for the 
Tritons to win it outright was if 
they beat Grossmont again. The 

next match was almost a cari>qn 
copy of the first one as the women 
split the first two games by 16-13 
scores. 

AJj it had been two weeks earlier, 
the tournament was going to be 
decided in the final match. If the 
Tritons won it, the tournament was 
theirs, if they lost it, the two teams 
would have to play another match 
to decide the championship. 

The game was the typical tight 
match belween the two teams as 
Grossmont outlasted the Tritons 
and held on for a 15-12 victory. 

After the game, the situation was 
that each team had lost once, so 
there was no clear champion, and 
another match would be necessary 

UGD'I Gig; Freel and Tracy 
Smitll let up double defenle. 
en Photo: Paul Ja"ll) 
to resolve the problem. Both teams 
agreed on a single game to decide 
the championship. 

For a while it appeared as if 
Grossmont would blow the Tritons 
off the court as they asswned an 11-
3 lead over UCSD. But as they had 
done in the past, the Tri~ns 
started to rally and caught 
Grossmont at 13-13, berore 
Grossmont scored the last two 
points to win the game and the 
tournament. 

Although the women lost the 
tournament, coach Millenbah had 
. 

Intramural Play-Offs 
Close This Week 

A quarter of drama comes to an end today and tomorrow, with the final 
rounds of the intramural play-offs. 

The men's football finalists , Sons of Ellen BrOwning and Mulch, will 
either play the championShip game today or tomorrow. The two teams 
had finishl:.d one-two in the Elephantitis League, with Lee Johnson 's 
Mulch going undefeated and Charlie Johnson's Sons one game behind. 
Both squads got byes into the second round of the play-offs, and then 
captured two more wins to get into the finals. 

Kamanawanalaya, Pulls and Hot Rocks were the first teams to go down 
in the coed football competition, leaving Riviera Yacht Club, El thunlw, 
Nerds, Turkeys and Prehensil alive Saturday afternoon. The finals will 
be played this afternoon or tomorrow. 

The last two rounds of the 3-man basketball e1imination will be played 
tonight in the Rec Gym. The Semi-finals will be at 7 pm and the cham. 
pionships at8 pm. 

Also tonight wiD be the innertube water polo action, in the UCSD pool. 
Underwater Cheapshots will meet Jaws at 8 pm and Waterbuffaloes will 
battle Dr. T's Medicine at 9 pm. The final round will be played at 10 pm. 

The semi-flnal and final indoor floor hockey rounds will be in the Rec 
GYm tomorrow night. The times of the games will be decided upon today. 

nothing but praise for his team. ' 
"The women played absolutely 
fantastically; we hung in there and 
came back every time. It seemed 
as if we spotted each team six 
points and then came back after 
them. I feel that they represented 
the university to the rinest. There 
is no reason for anybody on this 
team to be mad ... 

Millenbah was very happy with 
the spirit the team had for the 
tournament. " The girls cut alot of 
classes to go to this thing, and 
when it is this close to rinals time, 
it has to say alot for what the girls 
think of the team and of each 
other." 

Millenbah has every reason to be 
proud of his team. This year the 
Tritons were league co-chi\mpions 
with Mesa College and second 
place finishers in the SDWIAC 
tournament. 

Looking forward to next year's 
team, Millenbah said the " team 
should be fantastic. We are only 
losing two players, one of whom is 
Ellen O'Rorke . We'll miss her ." 

. Lighting ... ' 
several occasions, two or more 
females walking back from the 
library at night were attacked. 
Once, a woman and her male 
companion were approached and 
beaten up by several assailants. 
Even before these " incidents" took 
place, the administration of our 
college was working with the City 
of Boston to improve the lighting 
conditions along the streets bet-
ween the library and the dor-
mitories . 

Perhaps, because our campus is 
somewhat isolated from the neigh-
boring towns, there have been no 
such " incidents" reported yet. I 
say yet because it seems to me that 
something of this nature could take 
place here, perhaps it already has, 
but has not been reported. The 
lighting conditions are certainly 
conducive to such an event. 

Is the UCSD Energy Con-
servation Committee and ad-
ministration going to wait for 
something to happen before they 
decide to protect the safety of the 
students and staff persons here? 
Will the "aesthetics" of th.is issue 
be valued more than our lives? I 
urge the EC Committee to look into 
this problem area carefully , before 
making any recommendations to 
the administration next spring. 

CIA ... 

JANETFALK 
LITERATURE DEPT. 

descriptive materialS and further 
information available on request 
did not receive credence in their 
argument. 

NUCHAELHULFACHOR 
MAXINE BAILY 

CAREER PLANNING '" 
PLACEMENT 

Looking for 
a law-related career? 

Five month, intensive postgraduate training 
offered in the specialized areas of Litigation , 
Real Estate, Corporations- Litigation and 
Probate Administration on a rotating basis. 
Accredittld by the American Bar Association. 

UCLA Extension 
in cooperation with the 

UCLA School of Law 
offers 

Attorney 
Assistant Training, 

Certificate 

Winter 1976: ATTORNEY ASSISTANT 
TRAINING- LlTIGA TlON 
December 29, 1976- Application Deadline 
February 2, 1976- Course Begins 
June 24 & 25, 1976- Final Examination 
For further information regarding 
application procedures, program dates, 
policies, procedures, course content, 
hoUSing, placement, financial aid and future 
programs contact: Attorney Assistant 
Training, Suite 214, Dept. of Human 
Development & Services, UCLA Extension, 
P.O. Box 24902, Los Angeles, CA 90024, 
or telephone (213) B25·0741 . 

Pageelevcn 

Sports Notebook 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

The Pro Scene 
Andre Lacroix has proven that there is room in this town for two 

magicians. The San Diego Mariners star center is as adept at puck-
handling as UCSD's Mallory Mitchell is at passing and dribbling a 
basketball , 

Lacroix was in action at the Sports Arena Thursday night, and assisted 
on two goals in the first ten minutes, sending the Mariners into an early 
lead. He even brought the s leepy San Diego fans off the seats, with a 
couple of his slick moves through the Denver defense. At the conclusion of 
the second period, the smallish Lacroix started a bench empi, it ,;, i:.:ht. 

One has to wonder, though, how long Lacroix will be performing in San 
Diego. With the surpriSing demise of the Sails after only three home 
games, it is a startling reality that any franchise, especially in the 
financially burdened WHA and ABA, can fold at any m inute. 

"Money is a delicate subject," a Ma riner front offi ce person said last 
week. " The club has been restructured and refinanced though, and as far 
as we know, we' re in San Diego to stay. I realize that the Sails personnel 
were saying the same thing all the way up wntil the day they died , but 
they were conned by theirownenl, That isn't the case here." 

The Mariners are now averag:'1g close to 6,000 spectators per game, 
over 1,000 more than last year ant.! over 4,000 more than the Sails were 
capturing. The break-even point, in monetary terms for the Mariners, is 
9,000 people per game ... · 

San Diego has lost the Sails, and to the excitement of few, gained the 
Surf. The Surf is the new American Soccer League franchise, owned by 
Jim McEvoy and Bill East. The team begins play in April and continues 
through August. There will be another pro soccer t eam in the city, this 
one from the North American Soccer League, butit has yet to be named. 

Neither the ASL or NASL teams have announced their playing sites, but 
it is presumed that Muir Field won't be in the running. The NASL has 
recently become famous, as it announced that Elton John has become a 
part owner of the Los Angeles franchise ... 

The final home game for the Charl!ers is December 14 against the New 
York Jets. The problem for the San Diegans has been a simple lack of 
offense. For the Jet game, the Charger defense is sure to stop J oe 
Namath, but the offense is just as sure to not score enough points to win. 
It should be interesting, however, to see one of the three best passers in 
history (Namath, not Fouts) in action. Game time is 1 pm ... 

The World Team Tennis San Diego Friars are actively trying to sign 
Nastase, Dick Stockton, and Roscoe Tanner, for their season, wluch 
starts in early May. Three big names, Chris Evert (Phoenix), Stan Smith 
(Phoenix), and Martina Navratilova (Cleveland) have already signed for 
the coming year with other teams. 

The WTI has done away with their "Spectacular" format of last year, 
and each team will be playing 22 home and 22 away matches. The Friars 
will remain in the Sports Arena, while in LA, the Strings have moved to 
the prestigious Inglewood Forum .. . 

The format for the 1976 Andy Williams San Diego Open golf tournament 
has been announced. It will be held February 12-15 at the Torrey Pines 
golf course. The event will be preceded by the Celebrity Pro-Am 
February 11 . 

Jack Nicklaus and Johnny Miller are among the pros scheduled to be 
here, with celebrities including Dean Martin, Bob Hope, James Garner, 
and, of course, Lawrence Welk ... 

Introduc~ 
Schlitz Liglit 

Beer. 
One third 
fewer calories than 
Our regular beer, 
but all the taste 
you'd expect from 
Schlitz. 
!l\ 19l~JOS SCHliTZ tJR(WtN(l co 

Mll""UK[[ . WlS , AND OTHeR O Il[S 



Schiller liked. "What does the 
• corporate buaineu system want 

technical) pro,r sa . and 
promote human freedom 
reason." 

from ita servants?" 'nle IOIwe1", 
"to he aaid, is that it wants the 
and "maintenance of the world . 

caPitalist system." This implies 
the maintenance of the status quo 
and the creation of the "greatest 
difficulties for any kind of change" 
(as in the economic boycott of 
Chile under Allende). 

The university, n stated, should 
enable one to know what the facta 
are in a particular case; to know 
what powers esblliish the facts 
and what II the reality behind the 
appearances; and to discover the 
causes of alienation and 
frustration. These, he said, are 
"prerequisites for our ability to 
improve these conditions. " 

StrugJle For Liberation 
Marcuse stated further that the 

independent search for knowledge 
is an indespensible weapon in the 
"struggle for liberation." Such a 
goal, he said, is dangerous to those 
not interested in change and 
liberation. 

Academic freedom, he went on, 
implies the absence of extraneous 
control over learning; this means 
" freedom from the CIA, not 
freedom to work for the CIA." What is needed, he said, is 

c:uucatlon for life, not education 
for death. " 

The University's support for the 
CIA infringes, Marcuse said, " on 
our integrity as human beings." 
When an educator can say that the 
CIA should be allowed to recruit 
after all that has been revealed in 
the past month, it is time for "the 
educators to be educated," he said. 

The second speaker was Rosaura 
Sanchez, professor of literature 
and third world studies. Sanchez 
spoke of CIA recruitment within 
the context of affirmative action. 
Why, she asked, is the CIA in-
terested in affirmative action? 

The last question is answered, 
she said, by looking at the concrete 
operations of the CIA. The agency 
seeks to "oppose political and 
social change" and to thwart 
national revolutionary 
movements. Its intelligence 
operations, she said, are directed 
primarily against Third World 
countries. 

We should not, Sanchez said, 
send minority students to " serve 
as killers and torturers." Chicanos 
and blacks could easily be used to 
infiltrate progressive movements 
in the US and foreign countries. 

The University should prepare 
minority students to serve and 
benefit their respective conI-
munities," not help the CIA, she 
said. 

It is necessary, said Schiller, to 
see this global picture in tenns of 
its application to recnaibnent at 
UCSD. What it implies is that the 
CIA seeks "the control of our 
minds, the control of our energies, 
the control of our resources" for 
purposes of exploitation and 
monopoly. 

The last speaker was Brian 
O'Brian, professor of biology at UC 
Berkeley. O'Brian outlined the 
nature and significance of 
government financed research in 
the natural sciences. 

He commented, first, on the fact 
that it was necessary for a speaker 
to come from a different college to 
" comment on the misuses of 
knowledge and truth that go on in 
universities" when there are so 
many scientists at UCSD. 
Discoveries Made By Researchers 

O'Brian criticized the concept of 
the neutrality of basic research in 
the sciences. The models for 
particular phenomena which <:ome 
out of such apparently innocuous 
research, he said, can be used for 
destructive purposes. The "will of 
revolutionary people" all over the 
world has been suppressed, he 
said, by discoveries made by 
researchers, some at UCSD. 

O'Brian offered several 
examples of such research. 
Behavioral control could be fur-
thered, he said, by current 
research into cellular recognition 
of particular three-demensional 
molecular configurations and into 
correlation of different types of 
brain waves with types of 
behavior. • 

The latter type of research is 
going on at UCSD, O'Brian said . . A 
potential application of bram 
wave-behavior correlations is, 
according to O'Brian, the 
following : it could be made a 
condition of release from prison 
that the individual allow a device 
to be implanted in his brain, which 
is hooked up to a central computer 
which monitors the individual's 
brain waves. 

When an anti-social wave occurs 
a cancellation wave would be 
emitted by the computer. This 
possibility is not unfounded 
speculation, he sa id : it has ac-
tually been proposed by a member 
of the Center for the study of 
violence at UCLA. 

Statewide Appelatmellh 
At Friday's meeting of the UC 

Regents, the Student Body 
President's Council announced the 
appointment of several UC San 
Diego students to the following 
statewide cmunittees: 

Advisory Board to the Governor 
on Selection of Regents- Otis 
Watson; IMovative Projects-Scott 
Rubin; Inclusion Areas- Steve 
Colman; Student Affirmative 
Action- Alfonso Gomez and 
Instructional Improvement- Steve 
Petach. 

Food Drive 
UC San Diego students for T-om 

Hayden, in cooperation with the 
United Farm Workers, is spon-
soring a food drive for laid off UFW 
workers. Over 300 farm workers 
have been laid off in San Diego 
County. 

On Friday, the Tom Hayden 
campaign table will be a droJH>ff 
place for donations in front of the 
Student Center, and next Monday 
at the Revelle Plaza. 

Dr. Michael Dean 
HypaotUt 

Noted hypnotist Dr. Michael 
Dean PhD, will perform at Revelle 
College on Monday night 
November 24. The stage will be set 
in the Cafeteria with tickets selling 
for $.50 for UC San Diego students 
and $1.00 for general admission. 

Along with comic uses of hyp-
notism, Dean will illustrate the 
basic principles involved in 
hynosis as a therapeutical tool and 
a means of communication. A 
practical application of hypnotism 
will be employed at the end of the 
performance as Dean's subjects 
will be hypnotized into losing 
weight, cutting down on smoking 
or successfully studying for and 
taking..!inal exams. 

Dean has, in the past years, 
drawn a capacity crowd whenever 
he makes his aMual visit to U~D. 

Advance tickets are available at 
the UCSD box office. They will be 
sold on the Revelle Plaza today and 
also at the door tonight. 

Koobl in Extension 
A limited amount of space is 

available for UC San Diego 
students in the extension classes to 
be offered Winter Quarter, ex-
tension official Tom Shepard 
reports. 

Sign up for the courses is next 
Tuesday in the university ex-
tension classroom. Seniors can 
sign up from' 10 am to 1 pm and 
everyone else can enroll from 1 pm 
t04pm. 

Some of the classes can even be 
taken for credit. 

Third Reps Needed 
Third College representatives 

are needed for the following 
committees: Bookstore Com-
mittee, Student Center Advisory 
Committee, Student Health Center 
Committee and the Third College 
Social Activities Committees. 

For further details contact the 
Third College Dean's Office. 

Sam Hinton 
Tomorrow night UC San Diego 

students for Tom Hayden will 
sponsor an evening with Sam 
Hinton. Hinton, UCSD Director of 
Relations with Schools, will 
dispense tall tales and folklore 
along with grass-roots-folk songs. 

From 8: 00 to 11: 00 Hinton will 
perform at the Muir Five and 
Dime. A'can of food is required as 
admission. 

The food will go to the United 
Farm Workers food drive for those 
out-of-work. 

Theologian 
Internationally recognized 

theologian Professor Wolfhart 
Pannenberg of the University of 
Munich will give a public lecture at 
UC San Diego tomorrow. The 
lecture will focus on the theme of 
Christianity's contribution to the 
notion of person. 

The administrative response to 
CIA efforts cannot be viewed, 
Sanchez said, as a genuine desire 
to aid affirmative action efforts by 
the CIA, since the administration 
does not even "listen to minorities 
on campus." The University 
policy, she maintained, is to for-
mulate (and re-formulate ), rather 
than implement, affirmative ac-
tion policy. 

International Role of the CIA 
The third speaker of the night 

was Herbert Schiller, professor of 
communications, who spoke on the 
international role of the CIA. 

Speciae 
The organization, he said, is 

accountable to the " highest 
echelons of the US power system." 
The US power system is, in turn, 
the servant of " our corporate 
business structure." 

The CIA, then , is the servant of a 
few hundred super-corporations 
which "dominate the US 
economy." 

Strike 
SUPI)Ort. • • 
supervised by literature students 
met: an 81 per' :ent boycott figure. 

Sunday afternoon GSU 
negotiating canunittee member 
Tom Lewis tenned the work 
stoppage " highly successful ." He 
said the determination shown by 
union members in the stoppage 
will be " beneficial for everyone 
involved in the GSU-
administration negotiations" and 
that the effectiveness of the action 
shows wide spread support for the 
GSU among faculty, graduate and 

undergraduate s(uden~ . 

f¥10N[: 452-4eQC) 
~i7'f~It .. , GeM Wilder Seiea &b.2.0 ViNe 'Our row. 

J~I" K.;f h J~"'"et 
Ja,..f7 Ccmt~y 

~.,. ["..,.,.1»1. 

Apr. If ~,*)an'Z.. 
Arc I~ C"1and Strms Qco.ri: .. t . 
A,r.26 Utah ~ o.nc. c.. 
M., (6 ({eeL t{e.«,-. o.c. c.. 

~ (' Ql( tuM. 

• 

M .... y, Noyember Ie, 1175 

Pannenberg studied at the 
Gennan Universities of Berlin, 
Goettingen and Heidelberg and at 
Basil in Switzerland. Among his 
teachers were Karl Jaspers and 
Karl Barth. Pannenberg is 
presently visiting professor of 
theology at Claremont. 

The lecture is being sponsored by 
the Office of Religious Affairs and 
is free to the University and the 
public. 

Dr. WoN hart Pannenlle,. 
Federal Jobs Open 

Information on sununer jobs 
with the Federal government is 
now available at several campus 
locations. Career Planning and 
Placement, the Student Job Center 
and the Cluster Undergraduate 
Library all have copies of the 
announcement. 

Application aMouncements will 
also be sent to the follOwing 
departments: Anthropology, 
AMES, APJS, Biology, Chemistry, 
Economics, History, Uterature, 
Math, Physics, Political Science, 
Psychology, Sociology and Visual 
Arts. 

UC San Diego has not been 
supplied with applications for 
general distribution. Students may 
call 293-6165 and request that an 
application be mailed to th~m. 

The first deadline for ap-
plications is Decembe'r 12 with 
exams given in January. Early 
application will give the student an 
advantage. Job opportunities not 
requiring the written exam are 
also available for undergraduat 
and gradua te students in the 
academic fields listed above. 


