
Announcement Due on 
Muir Resident Dean 

An announcement is expected 
this morning from Vice-
chancellor for Student Affairs 
George Murphy as to whether 
Cleo Malone is still Muir 
College's re ident dean . 

An anonymous tip to the Triton 
Times Friday indicated that 
Malone had been replaced . 
Subseq uent contacts with Muir 
offic ial revealed that additional 
Information would not be 
available until today, though , 
fred Henderson, the assistant 
re Id nt dean sa id that he had 
filled Malone's post temporarily . 

When a ked if Henderson had . 
rep laced him, Malone said he 
(Malone) wa still the resident 
dean . 

Though the Muir house ad-
v l~ors appar ntly have been 
adVised of developments , 
contact with one of them yielded 
no new information . The HA al 0 

George Murphy will make a 
statement today on the status 0/ 
Muir Resident Dean Cleo 
Malone. 
aid an announcement would be 

made today . 
Murphy, reached at his home 

yesterday, aid he expected " to 
hear of Cleo' decision tomorrow 
morning at the outside ." 

SV A Seeks Lega~ Action 
On Referendum' Wording 

by John H. Taylor 
Edito r·in·Chlef 

Tom Tanana, head of the anti -Student Cooperative and anti -fee 
Students for Voluntary Action (SVA), says he will ask the Ameri can 
Civil Libertie Union to legally force the Chancellor, the dean of 

~tudent and the director of the student center to change the proposed 
wordi ng of the upcoming student referendum . 

The referendum, written by Student Center director Mark Bookman 
after two meetings with interested students, i different from the 
petition the SVA circulated against the Coop and the $6 Student 
Activity Fee, Tanana said last week . He says the wording is now " pro-
Coop, " while the petition was "anti -Coop ." 

According to Bookman, Tanana was present at the meeting where 
the final wording was di cussed, and helped reword the propositIOns 
pOint by point Bookman emphasized to the Triton Times that Tanana 
maintain d throughout that the petition wording should have b en 
u~ed 

Hookman 'aid that a new wording was drafted because " two 
refer('ndum would not be expedient. " He said Coop supporters could 
dl,tnbu t(' th ir own p tltion and gather as many signature as had the 
WA 

ttl' ~a ld he f It th present wording was neutral 
11l1ana deni('d haVing agreed to any changes , and aid he opposed 

the u~e of any wording except th one on the petition . " Seven hundred 
and fifty students signed it, and they have a right to have the 
r('fe r('ndum r ad that way, " he aid 

Tanana ay his strongest objection i to th wording of the third of 
the thr e propositions that will appear on the ballot. The proposition 
a~ks what body hould 'allocate th activity fee, and gives two choices . 
the oop, or " th administration via the Advisory Comm ittee on 
tudent Fee Programs ." Another question in the proposition , asking 

who hould appoint studE!nts to campus committees , also gives two 
chOices th Coop, or "A Chancellory-created committee consisting of ' 
two tud nt from each co ll ege" Tanana ays the ballot should make 
clear that the Coop, in addition to the Reg Fee and appointment 
committe , is administratively sanctioned, and has no power of its 
own 

Third College Evaluated 
By Narrow Standards 

by Seb Nielson 
Quot from an offically ignored 

do<.umpnt I ued on April 29, 
1974 by the Junior Faculty 
Members of Third : "The erosion 
of th goal and development of 
Third ollege have come less by 
way of overt opposition than 

OMMENTARY 

from bur aucratic tatus quo 
obstructionism ... " 
"Thl ob tructioni m has meant 

that lunlor faculty, who make up 
the lar~w malorlty of Third 
fa(u lty , w~'re r('crulted for 
unu<'lh11 dnd innovative tasks but 
haVe> lwen ('va luat<>d by Ilarro\\ , 
trad itIOnal .. tandard , often by 
thow who d",l!;H'l'd With or WI'rP 

uninformed about their actual 
assignmf'n t ." Further, " At least 
.. ix Third olleg junior faculty 
members have been coordinator 
of Program Cou rse Groups, with 
th dutie but without the 
reward of depal tment chair-
m n ;none have re ce ived 
promotions to tenure .. 

No Departments 
"Third College, which attra ted 

$400,000 of rord Foundation 
money to U SD to support its 
propo t'd innovatIOns in 
Amen an higher edu Cltlon, was 
,tranded by U . D With no 
d<,partm<'nh, very few ,('nlor 
fdllllty, and no mean .. Within 11\ 
control to Illlprov(' the' "tllatlOn 

11n<llly, II 011(' <,111 on l (on 
c Iud!' t h.1 t Ilmd (ollt'gc' \\ ,I" ~e t 
up to fail gl\ ('n t hdt 11\ .1( .ld('lllit 

Continued un Page 4 

. ( 
" 

II ,.. April 7, 19n 

Campaigns for, Against Coop 
Referendum to Begin Today 

by James G. Soto 
City Edit or 

Campaigning begins in earnest 
today for t he campus-wide 
referendum that w ill ask students 
whether they want a mandatory 
Campus Activity Fee, and 
whether the Studen t Cooperative 
will be the legitimate student 
government . 

The referendum has been 
tentatively scheduled for the 
week of April 21 . Mark Bookman, 
director of the student center, 
aid that an election commission 

has been formed to oversee the 
referendum . The commiSSion, 
which meets officially for the first 

time this week, probably on 
Wednesday, will make the final 
decision as to when the 
referendum will be held and how 
it will be conducted . However, 
Bookman said the April 21 
starting date is likely . 

Seven Members 
The election commi ion will be 

made up of seven members It 
will comprise a representative 
frof"Tl each of the four colleges, a 
representative from the forces 
favoring the Coop and one from 
'the anti-Coop Students for 
Voluntary Action (SVA) In 
addition, a representative from 
the Student Affair office will 

Coop's Fate Agenda Item 
by Richard Yep 

Steff Writer 

The Student Cooperative tonight will discuss the campu -Wide 
referendum that will ask students whether they want the campus 
activity fee to be mandatory or not, and whether they want the Coop 
as their legitimate tudent government. 

Discussion will center on the controversial wording of thE' 
proposed referendum . The referendum is tenatively set for the week of 
April 21 . 

• Nominations Open 
. Nominations will be opened for the post of internal affairs coor-
dmator tonight at the meeting . Myrna Pascaul, one of the co-
coordinators, wil! be stepping down from the job. The position 
coordinates the Coop's investigation into campus affairs . 

The Coop will also decide whether it wants to elect a new Budget 
Resource Group (BRG) coordi nator this evening, or opt for no vote at 
all on the subject. 

Few Hear Conservat ive 

oversee the commiSSion The 
only voting memb rs will be the 
four coil ge repre n tlves 

Bookman aid drafts of the 
election code have been drawn 
up, but the commission will have 
the perogative to change the 
code Copies of the lectlOn code 
are available in Bookman 's 
student center office 

During the upcomll1g two 
weeks both sides promise to 
initiate active campaigns Today 
at noon proponents of the Coop 
will speak in the Revelle plaza 
Communications Student Union 
members Montgomery Reed , 
former BRG coordinator Rudy 
Luque , and local external affairs 
coordlnater Marco llMandri will 
be among the speakers scheduled 
for the political rally 

SVA, the umbrella organization 
that ha been coordinatll1g antl -
Coop forces on campus, have 
been bringing speakers on 
campus and also plan rallies 

Bookman said a copy of all 
campaign literature must be 
delivered to his office before it 
may be distributed Thl 
reqUirement, said Bookman, IS to 
insure the compliance of election 
comml slon regulations 

Supervisor Lee Taylor Speaks 
On Rights, . Voluntary Fees 

by Mark Stadler 
Community Editor 

Before a scant and unrespon ive audience at 
Revelle Plaza last Friday, Superv.!sor Lee Taylor 
spoke on the philosophy behind voluntary student 
fees In the third of a serie of conservative speakers 
brought to campus by the Young Americans for 
rr edom(YAF) . 

Unlike the firs t two, however, Taylor fai led to 
draw anyone to listen to him or ask questions after 
his hort speech . 

" Rillhts of Freedom" 

Taylor said he believes that people should have 
the ri ght to be whatever they want to , and thus 
hould be able 'to contribute money only to those 

organi zations they support . He thinks peoples ' 
rights are jeopardized if they are forced to support 
organization or idea theyqon't believe in . 

Taylor said in America there are " legal righbof 
freedom ." While Americans do have a system oi 
"mandatory fees, " or taxe , they have elected 
repre entatives to allo ate tho taxe . If people 
are displeased with th manner in which their taxe 
are handled , they c.a n elect another per on to 
replace the old repre entative 

Taylor frequently referred to labor unions. He 
said he had belonged to one for forty years, but 
that h would never force anyon el e to join it . 
The North County Sup rvisor compdred a y tem of 
mandatory fees to a clo ed union hop, where only 
tho e belonging to the union can work He said he 
di approved of a clo ed union hop, as it forced 
peopl to join a union . " You hould have thE' right 
110t to partic ipate a w II a the right to par-
tl ipClte," Taylor a~ ert pd 

'In lrodu Ing 1.1 lor \'\I,I~ 101111anClna, U D YAI 
(haptt'r head, who r('p dtC'dl\ trl('d to drdw the 

UI)t'rvl~or Into iI crl'C I",,,on of thl' Ituatlon ,1\ 
UC 0 Alung ~\lth ,ln oppo~lflon to malld.1tory 
,tlldpnt te(' .. , 'AI ,11,0 oppo~e the turlhpr 
(""tPIll(' Of tilt' ~t lIdent Coopera tive 1 an,ll1<1 
de'mon~tl,lt('d 11I~ OPPO" tIOIl b\ (allll1!; the <.oop 

upervlsor Lee Ta_ylor . DId an.lbod,'l hear thl 
man ? 
"practically an exclusive organization " In hiS in -
troduction But Taylor, aylng "I'm JU t not familiar 
With th ~ituation ," refused to pa s Iud 'ment on 
th Coop 

Taylor Not Pleased 

Taylor didn' t appear pi ased when no one a ked 
qu tlOn aftE'r hi pepch He told Tanana, " I don ' t 
thl nk you ha e a reall big a dlen " He look d 
('ven les\ happy when h,<; que t,on and an w('r 

~(,"Ion bt>(.1m(' a dlalogu(' b tw<, n hlmsell and 
Tanana , a.. 1 ananc1 trlpd to fill thE' tlm(' With 

qll('~110Ih 

T.1I1,II1.1 \\,1~ I'v('n mOHO dnW H(' atlrlhutC'd th • 
nUI1-1·,,,tt·nt aUdll'n(1' to Ihl' ril\apl)('(uanu' of thf' 
pn .. tl·I'Plit lip .lnnOUl1llnL: Itl~I{)f\vl'>lt III' ~dld hr· 
110tlll'O I1Hhl Ilw tlw po,tN' htlcJ be·(·n tlppare'nfly 
101 n film 11 the' d,)\ .1111'1 the'\ \\('rl' po,tc'd 



Paaetwo 

JohnH. Ta or Edward E. Simons JarnesG. Soto 
EdiIOr· in- chi ~I M ... glng edllor CIIV Editor 

, 

Sara J . Lo'V~n Charles Heimler Mark WoeHler 
Editorial dire(.ICIr New.editw 

The Triton Times isolfkYIly recognized .. iI campus newspaper 
by the Communiutions Board of UCSD. Unsigned editorials 
represent the views of the majority of the six members of the 
editorial bOilrd, and not the views of the University, the Comm 
Board, or the student body. 

A Hard Job 
There has been a great deal of dj cussion in these page lately of 

activi m. Columbia President William McGill, once a chancellor 
here , has said recently that the activism of the sixties was anti· 
intellectual; Lincoln Cushing, who on campus is something of an 
academic activist, ha presented detai led descriptions of how one 
may be an activist in a university ; al)d one of our r<?t~ting opinion· 
page columni tS wrote last week that campus acnVlsm has been 
reborn . 

But there has been little discussion of a different kind of ac· 
tivi m, one that was indicated to be of i.mmediate and large·scale 

p~oportions in a feature we reprinted Fnday from the Lo Angele 
Tunes . 

The article tells of loggers in Nonhern California fore t whose 
businesses are being crippled by a new law requiring an En· 
vironmental Impact Report before even the smalleSt area may be 
chopped down . Many are already out of work··not because of the 
dipping economy, but because of the slow movement of a paper· 
laden bureacracy that takes months to spout out the go.ahead for 
the loggers to do their job. . 

There has been no indication that , eventually, the law will ave 
any trees, because the approvals do finally come t~rough. An~ in 
any case, logging firms have developed extenSive re-seeding 
programs i.o recent years in respon~t: to p~essure from en· 
vironmentallsts. As a result the 10gglOg mdustry IS one of the more 
ecology·minded of businesses. Indeed , many of the choppers feel 
great affinity with the land on which they work . 

But now they are losing their jobs, and they are angry . One 
peaceful march on Sacramento has apparently done no good, and 
there is great potential for violence . 

There is irony here for the University of California. Governor 
Brown , the same man representatives of the loggers have asked .. 
as yet to no avail .- to clean up the bureaucratic mess that is 
paralyzing them , has spoken. often since J a~uary of the. tons. of 
paper weighing down the vanous bureaucracies of the University. 
He has gone so far as to propose a cut in the Affirmative Action 
program from a $2 .5 million request to its current $250,000 level 
because he feels that the program is over-Iadden with paper and 
files . 

And now Affirmative Action representatives say they will lose 
eligibility for federal funds because the program c~nnot afford to 
maintain the complex filing systems that are reqUired by federal 
stat utes, 

Governor Brown has long maintained the overeignry of The 
People of the state of California. He strives to protect them from 
what he feels is an ineffecient monster of a public university . That 
may be an admirable goal , though pos iblya hale naive . But the 
loggers up north are also The People, and they are demanding 
protection, too. The Governor must realize that The People 
comprise university administrators, s tudents , loggers, and en· 
vironmentalists, and that there is the threat of contradiction and 
even danger when one man takes on the job of protecting all of 
them atonce . 

Maturity on Both Sides 
The upcoming referendum involving the Student Cooperative 

and the Student Activity Fee willlikeir. be one of the most furiously 
debatedissuesofthe year. Conflicts will , and have already, crossed 
into the realm of personality . We expect this, and to an extent 
understand it. But we cannot overlook one particular incident of 
last week , . 

At a session called by Coop supporters to plan publicity and 
strategy in general for the referend um , a member of the anti·Coop 
Students for Voluntary Action (SVA) was forcibly removed from 
the meeting ufter he insisted on attending, He had been informed 
that it was a pto·Coop session , for pro-Coop people , but the SVA 
member inve ked. his mem bership in the Coop as assuring him a 
right to attend . 

It is clear to us that he had no right at all to attend the meeting . 
This panicul.ir SVA member is the mo t active anti·Coop force at 
UCSD, and "tudent!) wi!>lling to pr"'~wrye the organization must 
have the per:>~ative to exclude him while they plan how to deal 
with him . Ad :htionally , the director of the student center , in whose 
office the me !tlng was called , promised the SVA member the same 
space, at a different time , for his own strategy meeting . 

Nonethele is, we can not condone the use of physical force to 
exclude him If the SV A member ignored req,uests that he leave, 
the meeting should have been qUietly rescheduled . The lack of 
re traint exhibited in bodily eviwng him does not have a pia eon 
a University campus. 

Neither the immaturity of using force nor that of insisting on 
being where one has no place will reflect well on either oop or 
ami ·Coop lX!sitions. Because the issue is uch a. rious o ne, and 
o ne in which individual are so emotionally involved , a ll con· 
sidered must how more than the usual amount of de orum and 
lear· lwadcdne . They owe the Mudents of UCSD at lea s t that 

much . 

Triton Times Monday, April 7, 1975 

Letters to the Editor 

McGill on '60s: Misses Real Issues 
I have read with interest your 

article reviewing former Chan-
cellor McGill's ana lysis of the 
student mov ment of the '60 . 
My initial impression of that 
period is that not enough time 
has pas ed to gain an objective 
historic perspective on it, but I 
take issue with the ubstantive 
point of hiS sta teme nts. 
Basically, I fee l he missed the real 
issues of the '60 - the issues of 
war , of racism, of abusive 
political power and the attempt 
of the stude nt moveme nt to 
confront and expose the base 
a lloy of hypocri sy in American 
policy. The dismal state of the 
"counter-cultu re" (if we can 
accept this term at face value)-
was brought about by infiltration 
into the student movement by the 
CIA · and the FBI beating its 
divided leadership, which was 
further fragmented by internal 
dissension . The s tudent 
movement of the 'bOs, however, 
was more than just a counter-
culture- for if their direction was 
dubious, the questions they 
raised and the issues thev con· 
fronted were needed and long 
overdue. 

If there is any enemy in 

No Rightest 
Conspiracy 

Concerning the right ·wing 
con<piracy Montgomery Reed 
eems to see taking over the 
tudent Cooperati ve, I would like 

to comme nt that the 
organization seeking reform in 
our student government is not 
the Young Americans fo r 
Freedom, mu ch to Montgomery 
Reed's sorrow. It is Students for 
Voluntary Action . Got that , 
Montgomery? 

Students for Voluntary Action 
has broad·based support from 
conserva tives all the way up to 
I iberal libertarians. Indeed, we 
got almost 800 signatures of 
students who want students to 
decide in a free e lection whether 
the Coop is handling things well. I 
re se nt Montgomery',s Joseph 
McCarthyite c harges that some 
small right-wing group is trying to 
take over UCSD. If my memory 
doesn't fail me, doesn't the John 
Birch Society likewise swear that 
some small group (they a ll the 
Bavarian Illuminatti) is trying to 
take over the world? 

TOM TANANA 

The Triton Tim •• , publi .... d by the 
Communicelion. Board of UCSD, 
.ppea" on Mond.y., Wed .... d.y. 
and Friday. during the regul.r school 
v •• rta.cepl on olllcl.1 holid.y.l. 
Edilorial and bu.I..... offic.. .r. 
loceled in 111 BI.ke H.II on the 
R.I/.lie COliege campu.. L.tt ... 10 
the Editor .re w.'eom., .nd should 
be typed on ..... p.e. line on non-
c orr_ibl. peper. L ....... hould be 
conei .. , .nd th. Trllon Tim •• 
r ........ Ihe righl to edit .ubmiulon. 
bee.u .. of .p.c. Iimilelions or .Iyl. 
requ irement • . 

For edltori.1. c.1I 462·34M; for 
bu.in ••• and .dvertl •• manle. cell 462· 
lao 

America tha t i a threat to our 
freedom , it i stagnation ilnd 
apathy . We now see the brutal 
realities of Vi e tnam . 50,000 
American lives and $150 billion 

late r, it eems a iutile a nd sick 
attempt to impo I' military in · 
terven tion on the internal in· 
tegrity of an Asia n nation . 
Historians will no doubt write the 
final story, but I feel thf're IS 
pnough f'vide nce to sustain the 
be lief that the tudent mov ment 
of the '60s wa a profound 
comm itment on the part of a 

genpra tion that sought to C'xpose 
hyPOCrISY and pr serve Ireedolll 

I would tend to agree, I,ow VE'r, 
that the student mov mf'nt wa!> 
"a nti -i ntpllectual," for all the 

intellectua ls - the M( Gporgf' 
Bundy's and McNamaras and the 
Rostows and a ll the re t of thf' 
" Best and the Brightest" were 
1I ing their intellect to inflict 

~ufferlng and 011 ery on a small 
nation, and a lmost managed to 
dE"stroy what took 200 years to 
huild-· the integrity of a nation 

J F GALLACH I R 

On Lopez and the Coop, 
And Reed and Fees 

I've just read Stephen Lopel ' I('tter to thl' ('ditor (TT , 4 2 '75) In 
whi ch he extolls the vi rtues of the oop in helping him to drop out 01 
biology and become a politico. It does my sou l good to see somron<' 
aba ndon the foolish and useless ways of cience for the morally 
suprrior rea lm of politicing. (I myself am an unenlightened, 
unreformed physicist .) Although I hav been politically active for 
several years, I have some how fai led to learn how vita l the Coop IS, 
never having had any use for it myself. 

The question I would like to address to the great unwashrd , 
unreforme'd masses at UCSD is this , then . Was it really worth $6 to you 
thi s quarter to pay for Mr. Lopez's dabbling in Coop politic? 

In addition, the polemiC attack on the initiative for a voluntary 
student activity fee waged by Montgomery Reed in the same Issue 
reveals a number of major misconceptions on thi s issue . The initiative 
is being sponsored not by YAF, but by Students for Voluntary Action , 
of which I am a member . I am not a member of Y Af , nor am I a con-
serva tive; I am ideologically opposed to conservativism for precisely 
such thin gs as its pro·Vietnam and anti -civi l libe rti es stands. Nor am I a 
"quasi ·John l3ircher - Joseph McCa rthyite - crackpot ," as Reed so 
abUSively charac teri zes the initiative's supporte rs. I'm in favor of 
voluntary fees because I think it's unjust to require a student to finan e 
some politica l organization as a condition for a ttending UCSD. And 
I'm mystified as to why Reed sees the words "mandatory" ancl 
"voluntary" to be "insidious ." Last I he'ard , they ha,1 c l(>arly~i('f ln( 'cf 
mea nings which accura te ly identify the issue to which the initiative is 
addressed . 

Reed declares that the ampu Ac tivities ree' funds most of thr 
student organilations as if, once thi s is known , s tudents will recoil In 
horror at the idea of a vo luntary fee . All of the 780 ~tuden t s who signpcl 
the petition to put the initiative on the ballot understood this fa t, ancl 
it didn't det r them . And as one of the people who help<,d (irculitte the 
p tition, I kr'lOw that over qo per ent of thl' students I approach d 
signed it 

Reed att<'mpb to Introou I' it fd l,e die hotomy be'tw('en voluntary 
fef' s and any kind of tudent a tiVlt l(''i Hut thl' IS,Ul' I~ not whcthN or 
not we shou ld hav(' any ,tud nt ac.t l vi ti('~ , Illdny of th('m drt' vpry 
worthwhile' Th(' question is why Illll~t the,r clctivltll' be' finitn«('d 
with a mandatory feel Most of 1I~ went to high sc hoob that hM! 
vo luntary ac tivltle~ f ('s and ,tudent gOVl'rnnwnt , All of th" (Olll 
l11unlty Colll'ges in tl)(' an DI{'go tlre'iI hav!' thpm M,lny lInIV!'r,ltl(" 

Continued lin P.lK" three 

Monday, April 7. 1975 Triton Times I'agcthrre 

Seb Nielson 
Systems Management: Vegetation of Comm. Program 
From his retreat in the same high neighborhood that 

SerpiCO lives in, Erich Fromm recently gave an interview 
In whic h he sa id , "Man is completely a product of social 
conditions ." He was talking about the "effect of certain 
social systems" on "the structure of human exist nce." 
Product of, we are the system-a nice, valuable, and 
increasi ng ly popular co ncept. Unfortunate ly but 
typica lly, as the concept becomes popular, its intentions 
become more and more perve rted by fat ass complacent 
technician . 

It becomes, as they say in 
Texas, a very mellow op out 
rationali7ation . Through the 
grease of the system maintenance 
people, the original conceptual 
value is rend red , transformed 
and boiled into, "That's the way 
thi ngs are . and ya gotta ' get 
alo ng " The new purpose 
be 0011'5 int im idation and · the 
propagation of vegetation . That 
IS, r pon ibi lity to e lf becomes 
a quai nt provincia li sm of vestigal 
charac ter . In support of limbo 
('xistence, " the system" is given 
the proportions of Yahweh 's 
burning Gus h and, respectfully, 
we products kow tow to its ass . 

Nielson 

Per~onally, I prefer th(' system management theory. 
(on trast, for example, the perversion of Fromm with what 
t rvon v• Polster considers Fritz Perls' "Vital message" to be 

That is, "on creates one's own life' In terms of popular 
('xistence, that is definitl'ly an unpopular concent It IS 
unaVOidably dissonant with the mellow comfort of "t hat's 
the way things are and ya gotta get along " That IS , it 
eriously fu ks up the mouseketeer ang t of productiVity, 

of swe t vic timhood, of blame it on the bossa nova 
system , of permanent puberty, of the glories of organic 
vegetation . It clearly implies that Bartleby's posi tion, "I 
prefer not to" , is , in fact, a "viable alternative" 

Whoa, Si lver, say what? Okay·, for example, it has to do 
with the pervasive attitude at UCSD that the direct study 
of Communications as a distinct phenomenon is a 
basketweaving activity No joke, incredible as it seems, 
people actually thmk that here . As a matter of fact, the 
official position of UCSD is that communica tion s is 
a adpmically illegitimate. It's the old y tem main-
tenance obscenity; the astonishing academic pube rty 
and rigidity that characterizes UCSD; the proud 
academic axiom here : keep all things sterile, 
ivorycentric ... and paint it empirical ; the goose st pping 
ignorance of the reality that there i no single academiC 
diSCipline on this campus that does not have com· 
munication as the heart of the process, not to mention 
the "real world" systems . 

It ha to do with Will Wright's disillusionment With 
students . Illustrated by his telling me not to blame the 
student in his class for not engaging and in ist lOg on 
being pas ive receptacles because, aft rail , w 're a ll 
Orphan Annie's of the system . Or, his giving the same 
lecture five times in a row, merely changing names to 

prot('( t the Inno( I'll( ( ' 1)('( au,! , ,tllcf('nl\ .H,' un 
oNstandably slow to r<'snonci I SPI'( lilll\ "ld ht ,( tlU" · til!' 
(ourws hp tt'ach(,s arp (ru( lall Import,lnt <ind 11(' ltd' tilt' 
potentldl to tf'a(h w('11 Of (our,(' , hf" not ,lion,' t h" 
absurd faculty paternalism rum OIallgn,lnt thrOll l! hoUI 
UCSD 

The ame with Hrrb (hiller, off ,0nwwh('H' ollhld .. 
the country t aching Hecause he has b('(on1(' " (yrm 
towards the manure' ecology of UC D, hi, (ynl( I,m 
results In hi coppi ng out on thp (omn1unl(dtlon, 
Program in Third College ror ('xample, h' left Without 
replacing himself on thp CommuOicatlom Prowam 
Advisory Board ThiS leaves thf' Communlcatlom 
Program with no effectlv£' influence on that Hoard, 
charged With determining the fate of the ('om-
munlcatlons Program Esp clally now when the agenda IS 
filled With the most Vital concerns of the Program ... 
future 

It has to do with the Triton Times publishing, on the 
front page, the amazing balderdash of that system Jani tor 
McGill With "teachers" who inSISt on lectUring With 
lovers of safe Watergate and glas house anathemas 
With Gerry rord saying one minute we have to cut all 
existi ng social programs and not start any new ones then, 
the next minute , he ,ay If we don 't Increase tht' delensp 
budget Immediately it IS a matter of "simple drlthmetlc" 
that within 30 years our defense will be r duced to "One 
oldier with one gun" and everyon nods In sage 

agreement. It has to do With system malOtenan e v rsu 
syst m management 

More Letters 

Answer to Reed Column 
A Cure for Classical Troll Syndrome 

Continued from Page 2 
havr thrm , including U , Ca ltec h, Yale andtanford Are' thrse 
plan' dC'ad, Ilfelpss hulks' Does Reed 's ,pectre of a completp lack of 
"c ultura l, recreational ancl ~ocial activities" haunt thesp campuse,l 
Ilavp they b comC' "colder , more alienating, Isolating, ami im· 
I)('r,ona ll" Of course not l Social activities, sports, campus papers c1nd 
\ppakrrs bure'aus are uniformly flOUrIShing - even the tucient govern-
mrnts do well Why? H cau e it's worthwhile to qudent to pay for 
thme campus activities that they want -a nd they do so And they don 't 
IlOancr the klOd of power politics and special intNests that, in my 
('xpl'nence, tend to typify mal)y mandatory stucl('nt governments 

Let Reed dnd the other ontinue th Ir a tiviti('s in the Coop if they 
"Ish Let him loin with my elf and oth rs to oppo e racism , sexism, 
dnci oth!'r inJustiCe'S if hp so de Ires Hut let him not require those not 
Involvpd in his ac tivities to pay for them In order to continue to be 
,tucient, at U(, D 

1IVI WHlll 

Term 'Freshman' is Thought Sexist 
As two Iiberatf'd male stud('nts, we abhor the use of sexist labf'ls , as 

Ihry arC' IOherently dlscnmlJ)atory Realillng that labe ls can mfluence 
pprcC'ptions, we have come to the conclusion that the use of tht:' term 
"Ire hman" to de'note a first year student i blatantly <exist in nature . 
A, an altf'rna tive to the use of this male·oriented label , we propose 
Instpad that the term "fre h ones" be officially adopted by the 
university . Thi action will erve to weaken the bind that ho ld down 
womankind . 

BVH 
JGC 

. . by lmdd Peck 
Member, Phi Omega Alpha Dalta 

Have' you for the pa t two 
quarters' found yourself slowly 
turning into the claSSical trolP 
Have you di covered that lately 
you r on ly outlet i a physics or 
chemi stry book? Or that you just 
hav('n't been re lating to other 
people exc pt to di cus a par· 
ticular ubje t or what went on In 
a cprtain c lass? Wrll, most 

~tudrnt have some degree of thiS 
troll yndrome, but a few of these 
,tudents have discovered a way 
to relate to eac h othe r in an 
unacademic way while at the 
,anl(' timp providing some useful 
,('rV IC'(' to UCSD (a nd that means 
a ll of u , In o ne way or another) . 
The group i the newly·formed 
soror ity , Phi Omega Alpha Delta 

This group of girl (don't worry 
guys, you can join if you want to ) 
has been associated with various 
Universi ty services for the -past 
quarter . For that i what they are 
a ll about - being able to help out 
others wh n they need it. ThiS is 

T: ,e Church of Comervation 
Invites You To Be An 

ORDAINtD MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR OF NATUREPEDICS 

..•••••........•...•.•..................................... : 

Our fast growing church I 
~ctively seeking environment 

oncio us new ministers who 
~elieve what we believe : Man 
hould exist in harmony with 

",ature. We are a non -structured 
aith , undenominationa l, With no ; 
raditional doctrine or dogma . 

Benefits for min isters are . 
1. Car Emblem and Pocket I.D . 
2. ReduGed rates from man, 
~otel s, motels, restaurants, ca 
ental agencies , etc Ou ~Irectory lists over 1,(0) prestigE 

!establishment s ex te ndin g an 
automatic cash discount . 

3. Perform marriages, baptisms, 
funerals and all other ministerial 
functions. 

4. Start your own church and 
apply for exemption from 
property and other taxes. 

Enclose a free-will donation for 
the minister's credentials and 
pocketlicense Your ordination IS 
recognized in all SO states and 
most foreign countries 

CHURCH OF CONSERVATION, 
BO/( 375" MARY ESTHER, 
flORIDA 11569. 

· 
· 
· 

· 
· • 

· 
· 
· 

BOOKTI-WFT 
FOR BooKlDVERS 

Come join UII at our extraordinary 
50% OFF 

giant paperback book sale. 
Outstanding current and back list 

Iitles from many leading publishers. 
This is a •• 1. Booklovers can't afford to miss. 

U niv l' ity Book tor 
USD 

. 
•••••••• ••••••••••••••• ••••••••••••••••••••• • y •• • ~ft ••••• • • _ . 

not of the famous brand of 
,tereotyped "soronty·' \\ h re the 
\\ hole purpose of the 
organllatlOn I social , With 
initiations, ~nobbery , and oClal 
,tatus lor thi soronty there are 
no Ini tlatlOns And whoevpr 
h('ard of nobs lowering them-
,plves to (I an the rails of Urey 
Iiall (have you noticed that the 
lad, don 't look like a bat-
tlpground 0 masking tape and 
paper anymore?) And who ver 
Iward of anyone gaining SOCial 
,tatu, by cleaning thp plaza 
tountdln (If you look now, you 
(an actually see the marbl and 
110t a square wall -to-wall postt'rl ) 

But that's not all that they have 
clone. Thi group has also worked 
at the Mandeville Centf'r 
op ning, has given you a free 
movie (It was "Bless the Bat 
and the Children ," if you didn 't 
go), and has voluntered at the VA 
Hospital and in the March of 
Dimes walk-a-thon . Thi was ju t 
during the last half of the winter 

quartpr Thl quartpr they \\ant to 
put on anothpr movie and arr 
planning on grvlng tour, "nd 
\\ hatever else IS n('eded dUring 
Revelle·s parents ' weekend 01 
(ourw, there IS stdl the cleaOlng 
of Urey Hall ilnd the Plata 
lountaln They also plan to earn 
money "hlch, they \\111 donate to 
somf' useful caus Hut the maIO 
IhlOJ.: IS that they are dOing 
something useful and 
they are haviOg fun at the 
same time (the, 10H' to goot 
around lUSt as much as you do) 

Doe~ thiS brief dt' ,olptlOn 
,ound like thiS group I11lghl 
provide an outlet for you? I ~ure 
hope so, (au I' If It doesn ' t - 1\1' 
blown It \Yhy don 't ,ou try 
droPPing by for our next meeting 
and see what \'\. are all about 
' ou never know, you might 
actually like what V\e 're dOing 
and want to jOin Our next 
meeting IS Thursday at 7 pm In 
the Blake 4 Loung . Come try u , 
you might find that you like us l 

Now in paperback! 

, 

''WIac i, R EAt?" asked the Rabbit Ont day. 
"Does it mean bavi~ 'hings that buzz imide 
you and II nick·out handle?" 

".Real i,n', how you are .made;' said tbe Skin 
Ho~. "It's a thing thar happel $ to you. When 
a child loves you for a long, 1008 time, not just 
to play with, but REALLY loves you, then you 
be<ome Real." 

"Does it hurt?" asked the Rabbit. 
"Sometimes," sajd the Skin Horse, for he 

was always tCUlbful. "When you are Real l'OU 
doo't mind beiog hurL·' 

"D oes it happen all at cnee, like being 
wound up," he asked, "or bit bl' bit ?·' 

"It doesn't bappen all at OOl-e;' said the Skin 
Horse. "YOll become. It takp.s a long t ime. 
Tha[·s wh), it doesn't often h ~ pren to people 
who break easily, or have shar.) edges, Ot " 'ho 
have to be careiuU)' kept. GencraUy, by the 
time you are Real, moS{ of your hJir has betn 
Jov~>d off, and) our t'res drop our and you get 
loose in tbe JOI nt and ,"ery shllbby. But the 
things doo ·t matlcr a' : !!, L._.:~ •• : -- ;: '- I 
are Real you can't be II.8ly, except to people 
wbo don't undcl'1tand." 

17 

THE VELVETEEN RABBIT J by Margery Williams 
__ $1 .50 Camelot Books pubUahed by Avo 



Paaefour 
• 

For Car 
01 Gets $4 Million 

Research 

by N~ncy Hodson 
Suf/Wrlter 

four mill ion dollars has been 
~ranted to UC San Diego's 
medical school for the purpose of 
heart research by the National 
Heart and Lung Institute. 

SCOR- the ischemic heart 
disease Specialized Center of 
Research-is a long term projec t 
headed by Dr. John Ross, Jr., 
profess or of M ed ic ine and 
direc tor of the cardiovascular 
d ivi si on of UCSD's medi ca l 
school . 

In the Uni ted States alone, five 
million persons are affected wi th 
isc hem ic heart d i sease. The 
disease is caused by insufficient 
blood f low to the heart muscle as 
vital coronary arter ies carrying 
blood to the heart are narrowed 
or bl ocked. The heart is thus 
unable to function at optimum 
cond i tions, leading to myocardial 
Infarction (acute hea rt attack) or 
angina pectoris (heart pain 
caused by lack of oxygen), and in 
severe cases , death. 

The project will build from the 
already established MIRU 
(Myocardial I nfarction Research 
Unit) at University Hospital, 
collecting data from the 3,000 
cardiac patients as well as the 
10,000 individuals cared for by 
the Veteran 's Administration 
Hospital. The data will be stored 

Creation vs. 

and studied by four clinical 
research units, six core units, and 
six laboratory research units 
within the SCOR project. Close 
integration of clinical and 
laboratory research leads to tasks 
ranging from monitoring enzyme 
release of damaged heart muscle 
to careful computer data 
processing of the 13,000 patients' 
files. 

Interdisciplinary 

SCOR involves the departments 
of Med ici ne, Surgery, Pathology, 
Radiology, and Chemis try, while 
bringi ng in highly sophis ticated 
faci lities and the talents of in-
vestigators in many discipl ines, 
to full y explore the anatomy of 
ischem ic heart disease in both 
basic and appl ied areas, as well 
as plotti ng its natural history. 

Gran ts from the Nat ional Heart 
and Lu ng Association have been 
delegated to eight similar centers 
In the Uni ted States; however, 
UCSD's medica l school is thE! sole 
in titu tion on the we t coast to 
be selected for a SCOR project 
grant award . 

John Ross, principle in-
vestigator for SCOR, says, "Our 
priman( objectives are to Improve 
treatment of patients with 
ischemic heart disease, to help 
them live more comfortably, and 
to ~a ve lives." 

Evolution 
The UC San Diego chapter of the Campus Crusade for Christ wi ll 

present a series of speakers Thursday afternoon and evening on the 
question of creation and evolution. On Thursday afternoon at 3:30 
in the Humanities Library Auditorim, Dr. Lane Lester, a biologist , 
will speak on "Creation, Evolution, and Biology." That evening at 8 
pm in the Revelle Cafeteria, Professor Harold Slushel , a physicist, 
will give a "Critique on Radiometric Dating." Dr. Duane Gish, a 
biochemist, will later be speaking on "Creation, Evolution, and a 

Fos~il Record." 
Dave Murphy, fourth College Junior of the Campus Crusade of 

Christ, says that the program will present creation as a viable 
alternative to evolution. All three speakers are instructors at 
Christian Heritage College. 

CALIfORNIA CONC1:RT$ PRESENT~ 

~~~IN CONCERTy------~ 
OHIO PLAYERS 

MARCH 25 

APRIL 12 

APRIL 19 

APRlL25 

MAY' 

MAV 2'1 

GRAHAM CENTRAL STATION 

RETURN TO FOREVER 
WITH CHICK COREA 

ELEVENTH HOUSE WITH lARRY CORYELL 
CHARLES LLOYD QUARTET 

SPORTS ARENA 

GOWENIWJ. 

AVERAGE WHITE BAND UCD 
WITH LES McCANN 

HERBIE HANCOCI{ 
AND SUPPORTING ACT 

WEATHER REPORT 
BILLY COBHAM 

JEFF BECK 
MAHAVISHNU ORCH. 

WITH JOHN Me LAUGHLIN 

~VWENHAU.. 

CIVIC THtATEIC 

GOLDEN HALL 

rOM "lttM' AT {,()I.D£.N HAU .. Tttf (1\t1C rH .. ..Alk[ 
n kf r-, r\~AIL AT CtNTLH BOx Off IC'r 202 ", 
'tfHllrlrAU 11t(,t-l.AHDr...R56 tA~ rOHLS fOR 
MUHf INfO CAU ~~IO 

FOM 1I c...s I) SHoWS nt Mn"} AVAR... AT U t..~ 0 
~1UI>IJ<T t[H1TR ISN[SS HlWIlOS IN SOUINA • 
E.HC.INrrAs,. GOOI> KARMA HI «~OS tN 0 8 Tlil LIT 
IT ON SIt()Pr'E IN M b LA Mt.S~ MUSIC. MAti UN 
VlNEVARI) FAa .. lJOt>y IN lSCONDlOO, ANt> AU. 
MlNN~Ifl.D< MUSIC STORI S 

Triton Times 
by Palti Wolf 

SUHWrIter 

Monday. April 7. 1975 

B,lck problems winter quarter forced lim 

,lppliration, for (' ight <;tUc!l'nt Il',lc!l'r 'i who Will work 
during "lIInnwr orlpntatlOn . I hI" duti('s o f til(' 
leaders include ass isting new students in planning 
their programs, registering incoming students and 
guiding prospective students around the campus. 
For more information and/ or an application see 
Assistant Dean fred Henderson. 

B('ckley to curtail his ac tiVities. But this Quarter, his 
physical ailment much improved, Beckley has 
resumed hi ~ ta ~ks on a part timf> basis . 

In addition to welcoming Beckley's return , the 
Muir Dean's Office announced various ~peakers, 
job openings and items hopefully of tnterf>st to 
Muir students. 

Woodward to Speak 
Graduation tinlt' is approaching and with it 

comes the formation of the Commencem£'nt 
Committee. Positions are available to any Mu ir 
,pnior Bobbie Gray in the Dean 's office can 

Housinl 
R('garding housing. the Dean 's Office pointed out 

The Muir Reporter 
that appli cations are being accepted for 1975-76 
housi ng assistants. The deadline is Friday , Apri l 11 
at 4.00 p.m . Referrals must be obtained in the 
, tudent employment offi ce. f or those no t lucky 
pnough to secure "free" room and boa rd, the 
room/ apar tment draw deadline i thi s Thursday. 
fhis year, unl ike la t, 50 to bO spaces wi ll be 
re erved for Muir tudent who w ish to live in the 
Residence halls next year but are not presently 
doi ng o. Applicati on cards m ay be picken up in 
the Residence Dean's Office. 

provide more information . 
Wa~ hington Post reporter Ilob W oodward, who 

helped uncover the Watergate story, wi ll be 
.. peaking TUl'sday, Apr i l 22 at 800 pm in the 
M andevill e Aud itor ium. The prp'ientation is 
,ponsored by the Mu ir College Count il ,IOn th(' 

harge is $1.00 for tudents. The program has not 
been final ized but there wi ll be approximdte ly two 
hours in w hi ch ~tuden ts can informally ,peilk and 

" I ~o ca t (i n the Muir cafp t('fia) with Woodward 

For those Muir students seek ing sum mer em-
ployme nt, the Dean's office wi ll begin a c pting 

l or long-range planners , the Muir Guest-In· 
I~ ('~id('nce Committee will present Ray Bradbury on 
M,IY 22. 

Sonic Microscope Will Aid 
Study of Living Organisms 

by Sheri lin Heise 
S ci ence Writer 

New developments '" physics 
may enable biologists to study 
living microscopic organisms 
with greater success than with the 
standard optical microscopes. 

At a Physics department 
seminar last week Dr. Calvin 
Quale of Stanford University 
outlined the development of the 
scanning acoustic microscope 
Quate said that while optical 
microscopes use I ight, the 
acou tic microscope uses sound 
to 'see' the dense areas in 
microscopic samples . It can scan 

Third . .. 
Continued from Page 1 

programs would collapse as a 
result of either (Al lack of facu l ty 
extraordi nari ly co m mitted to 
developing them agai nst the udds 
or (B) gradual removal of such 
committed faculty .. . " 

An eminent administrator of 
UCSD was overheard to chort le 
gleefu lIy, " Herb Sc hi lIer got 
pissed on (by UCSD facu lty) and 
now he's drowning in it." The 
search to find and hire a Coor-
dinator for the Third College 
Communications Program ended 
last Friday and none of the 
candidates has a degree in 
Communications The primary 
qualification, according to in-
formed sources, is w hether the 
ca ndidate can be exploited by 
the Political Science, Visual Arts · 

d 'dmple. moving It mechan lca"y 
across the mall (1 micron) sound 
beam of the mic~croscope . Thi 
scanning capabIlity is not 
possible using optical methods. 

Several Advantages 

The acoustic microscope, said 
Quate, has several advantages 
over ~tandard optical equipment. 
Integra ted circu its can be 
examined because the acoustic 
microscope can see throug h 
si licon . In biology, acoustic 
methods make tumorous tissue 
very viSible, much more than with 
optical equipment even after 12 
hours of special staining. 

In general, more can be seen in 

or Sociology Departments . The 
students a.nd fac ulty of the 
Commun ications Program have 
no say in the matter as those 
three . departments make all of 
the faculty appointmeJ1ts for 
Communications in conjunction 
with theIr own programs. 

A Third College student keeping 
track of the procedure says one 
candidate IS an " unembarrassed 
woman , a redential bound to 
work against her." Contrary to the 
expec ta tiOns 01 the Sociology 
and Vi sual Arts D partments, the 
Committee of Educational Policy 
has taken the official position 
that th urvival of the Comm 
Program will be encouraged . 

Mood of Galieo 

In appr hension of th furth r 

1I11,tained tissues With acoustic 
t hniques. fhis IS espe ially 
u elu l when dealing with !tving 
organisms that can not b 
stained . Quate described 
acoustic tereo pictures in three 
dim n ions that have recently 
been produced. 

Scanni ng acoustic microscopes 
were fir t built in 1971 with funds 
from the Hartford Foundation , a 
priva te source . Research is 
continuing to improve th e 
reso lutiOn of the acou tl 
micro cope and to claril y Its 
future applications in electron,cs, 
biological research and 
medicine. 

~pr ad of hysterical acad mi 
rigor mortis at UCSD, and judging 
from many i n te rviews With 
tudents , facu l ty, and ad -

ministrators of Th ird College, It 
s em be t to descr ibe the mood 
of Thi rd metaphorically As one 
~tudent leader pu t it, it ' om-
parabl to the mood of Galieo 
when the Churc h insisted the sun 
revolv d around the earth 

Apropos the Bi('ntennlal, It'~ 
comparable to the mood of thc 
AmNican patriots toward the 
British Only Ihi time the rebel 
would prefer to send a com· 
munlque to the Brrtish declaring, 
"You are the Bntish, you are the 
ilntlsh .. Roth examples are old 
>nough for sweet academi ians 
to con,ider legiti mat('ly con-
t('mporClry . 

THERE's 
FOR. yOU IN THE 

OR.GANIZATION! 

For a team expected to finish tn last place, the Sa n Diego Mariners 
have performed exceedi ngly well . So well that last Saturday, at the 
rxpense of the Indianapolis Racers , the Mariners succeeded in cap-
turing second place in the WHA's Western Division. 

The Mariners have faced a rough year. They cam to San Diego 
unwe lcomed and unwanted taking the place o f the most popular and 
winningest team the c ity had seen in years. 

Besides the fa ct that San Diego was under consideration for 
receiving an NHL expansi on team , many people felt the WHA rail a 
not-so-c1ose sec ond to the NHL . 

At firs t, I too was skeptical about the Mariners. They were a team 
which had bounced to their fourth home city in three years . They also 
had the dis tinction of fi nishing a dead last in the league for their fi rst 
two years . With so many minuses on their side, it was hard to just 
accept them as our new resident hockey team-they were goi ng to have 
to prove th emse lves . 

Coming from the Bay area and therefore raised on the NHL, I had my 
doubts about the quali ty of WHA play. After attending several games, 
the doubts were gone, and it would only be a matter of time before the 
rest of San Diego came out to see the M ariners. 

fhey ~tarted out the s ason in front of crowds which wouldn't even 
hll the gymnasium here, but they were winning After taking 11 out of 
their fIrst 17 games, people began to realize that maybe the team was 
lor Real and ince the Gulls were no longer around, came to watch the 
~d lll(," 

rhp month of Dec mber was a di<aster . The team jus t couldn't put a 
v. In together and their record slipped below 500 for the first time 
during the ason. It soon began to appear that another losing team 
lVas laYIng an egg In San Diego. 

The month of January brought the beginning of ;omething that 
('ven the HL couldn 't match Andre LacrOIX, the playmaker and 
,uperstar of the Mariners, began to embark on hi phenomonal scoring 
drive I t lasted through the next 32 games and brought the M ariner 
rll;ht In to the thick of th scramble for th playoffs . 

Wi th Lacroix doing what he did best--playmaking- the team began to 
Illature and oon there were strings of VIC tone 

Scoring was coming from the wings and the defensp Last Saturday, 
two more Mari ner reac hed the 40 goal plat form this season . Rick 
Spntes and Andre Lacroix joined Wayne Rivers and Gene Peacosh in 
thdt category Wayne cored more than 50 goals thiS year, many of 
\\ hich were 5 t up bv La roi . 

In tdlkl ng With many Qf the players, one of th key ('vents they feel 
turned the team around was the acquiSition of goaltender Ernie 
Wakely Wakely, a quiet and oft spoken man both on the ice and off , 
brought .. ome much needed experrence into the Milnners defensive 
corps 

Each pl~vel brought with him a specia l talent, and whe n that ta lent 
began to 1.(1-'1. the Mariners began to wi n again . The record of March 
.. peaks for it elt , as the M ariners went 12-3·1. They are now the hottest 
team In the WHA, win ni ng nine out of their la t 10. The one thing 
player·coa h Harry Howe ll hopes for is that the team's momentum wi ll 
tarry over into the playoffs The rest of the players have no doubt that 
Itwdl 

With the team playing so well, the fans began to return . Several 

Triton Times Page five 

UCSD Takes Fourth In Crew Classic 
Last Sa turday, run under almost 

perfec t condit ions, the Th ird 
Annual San Diego Crew Class ic 
took pla ce . Th e afte rn oon 
fea tured crews from the United 
States and Canada, including 
such teams as Harvard , University 
of Washington, fi ve entrants from 
UC schools including UCSD, the 
Universi ty o f British Columbia 
and several rowing cl ubs from 
Southern Ca liforn ia . The event 
was the first major competit ion of 
the year. 

.. ' 

.. 

; I 

, . " 
........ ~ .J" .JJ: '( J. 

- \'.. -. l ' 
.~.. . _ c ,"" ,. . - . 

COD shell coming 10 shore 

The morn ing began wi th 
elimination races for the Gold 
Varsity V" I race . There were 12 
entries vieing for the top honor. 
The competi t ion among them 
was stiff, and in the fi nal race of 
the day Harvard withstood a late 
rally by th e University of 
Washington to capture the Gold 

Varsity VIII trophy In the Silver 
Varsity VII I race, UCLA edged 
Canadian entrant University of 
British Columbia to win Har-
vard 's time over the 2000 meter 
course was 6'14.6, 

In the regatta , and were able to 
garner two fourths and a ~Ixth tor 
their afternoon's !forts 

The men took fourth place In 
the Frosh rours racp , ( Io( king d 
7 38 5 over the am£> 2000 m£>ter 
(ourse, and sixth 10 the Open 
lightweight Fours, running the 
course 10 7 35 0 One of the 
factor working again t the 
Tritons wa a lack of experl€'ncp 
Many team m mbers are In their 
fi rst year Another problem was 
the lack of team m mbers The 
lack of numbers hurt the t£>am 
because they were scheduled to 
participate In seve ral other 
events , but had to WIthdraw rhe 
sa me problem plauged the 
women 's team as they lomed 
lorces With the ASSOCIated 
ROWing Club to take d fourth 
place In the women's 1000 metl'r 
Open Eight race \\Ith a 3 ')48 
time 

The Tritons entered three shells 

Winning Harvard weanng medals 

Welsh Rugby Team to Visit Here 
foday at 5 pm on the Muir field , one of the fine t 

rugby clubs to visit the United States this year will 
be in actIOn The Abertillery Rugby Club of Wales 
will take on the San Diego County XV, made up of 
player, from all the rugby clubs in San Diego. 

The exhibition will afford an opportunity to 
watch some of the fineSt rugby anywhere. The 
Wei h 5tyle has had great acclaim and suc ess on 
the world rugby scene the past few years , It is Wide 
open and can be likened to the tyles of' Joe 
Namath on the gridiron , or to loh n WoOden's 
Uo.ABrU ln . 

I n action for the San Diego team will be a 
number of players from UC San Diego, including 
Bdl Gate at hooker. Dug Reanan at brpak, Dick 

0 .. trup (It .. crum-half and Fergal O'Gara at wing 
UCSD Victories 

ContinUing the winning \\ ays they have dISplayed 
elil ea on, both UCSD' men'S and women's rugby 
teams were vlctonous In their matche last week 
The men's team won the outhern California 
College Championship for the fourth year In a row 

<l~ they defeated Loyola . 13-3 In their match at UC 
Irvine 

The women ' team defeated OMBAC, 18-3 In a 
ragged game at Robb Field The Siren were led by 
center Karen Haigh and wing Jil l Taylor who ~cored 
two trle~ apiece Debbie Hoi tein (onverted one try 
lor the remaining points . 

game, brought rowd of more than 1~ including one sellout. ,~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Perhap the best tribute that the fans have paid to the team all season 
(am(' last Sa turday after the game. 

Andre LacrOIX was being honored as the tar of the game as he had 
,omany times before, but thi time was different The filns gave him a 
, t.lndlng ovation thilt lasted for more than two mlnut s, When asked 
to make a sta tement to the crowd, nothing came from the microphone 
lor a whi Ie un til a very emotional 'Cod Bless You All' was heard . 

,\, he skated off the ice, a message flashed on the s ore board which 
rpad, "Man ners --I uture World Champs .. 

I h(' tram begins that drive for the championship next Wcdne day, 
"nd PNhaps they will attain the Avco Cup, but at any rate, the an 
Diego Milnners have fou nd themse l ve~ a home 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

I The unoffICial Fly With u!: for 
state bird , PSA, has a song to eleven cltres 
more flIghts connectlr.g Wanllocatch a PSAGrrnnlng-
northern and southern C31i· btrd? That's easy Just catch 
lornia than any other aIrline up ~\' it h your campus rep. 

........ ,... ..... 

ON-CAMPUS HOUSING 
FOR FALL QUARTER, 1975 

Room draws for Fall Quarter occupancy of the Residence Halls 
and Apartm ents on campus will be as follows: 

COLLEGE DEADLINE FOR COMMENCE 
APPLICATIONS ROOM DRAW 

Muir College Apartment April 10, 4 :00 p.m . Apri l 14 
Muir College Residence April 10. 4 : 00 p.m . April 21 
Halls 

Revelle College April 9, 4 :00p.m. April 15 
Residence Halls 

Third College Apart · April 9, 4 : 00 p.m . April 14 
ments 

Fourth College April 9, 4 : 30 p.m . April 1S 

Applications for room draw . ex cept for Fourth College may be obta ined from and must be 
turned into the applicable College Resident Dean's Off ice. Applica t ion s for room d ra w fo r 
Fourth College may be picked up from and retu rned to the Fourth College Provos t Of l ice 
[2550 H-L Bldg.). Room draw is open to all UCSD l esidents and non-residen ts . Applicants 
must be registered at the College where they (!,l1ter loom·dra w . 
The applications for room-draw for ttte undergraduate studen ts wishing to live at the new 
Mes l Apartments mel V be picked up at any Resident Oe,lO' OHlce or at Building 250 f.~ 1-
thew:; Campu s dfter April t 6 and musl be relum d to Build l/lg 250 Matthews Campus by 4 00 
p.m. April 25. ROll". dr(lw will commence on Mav 5. 
For fw llt ,·, i"'Olmatiol1 . pleaso COllt :1C t the Res ident 0 1',1" of y '." -;.. live College 



Page six Triton Times 

Busi~ess Services Initiate New 
~ Open Door" Policy 
by Craig Jachon 

Steff Writ., 

Students at UC San Diego now have direct access 
to administrators in the business services office 
whom up to now have been seen by many as 
isolated and insensitive to student needs and 
problems. 

The open-door policy is the result of a new 
program that is unique for UCSD. The facilitator of 
the new policy is Ken Bowers, who works under 
laura Michetti , the Manager of Business and 
Service Enterprises at UCSD. 

Bowers was selected for the new post last Oc-
tober. He has a number of offical titles, but his real 
function is that of an autonomous liaison between 
business services and students . 

Weekly Meetings 
The latest facet of the program is weekly 

meetings with Michetti at which students are in-
- vited to air any grievances they may have. The 
informal discussions are held Monday afternoons 
from 3:30 to 4:30 at 204 Me. The discussion topic is 
decided by attending students. Students can talk 
with individual UCSD business managers. 

Bowers' activities include regular weekly 
meetings with the student affairs staff . He also 
handles performance and promoters' agreements 
for entertainment on campus, and he coordinates 
student transportation - bus routes to San Diego 
and Oceanside, shuttles to la Jolla Village and 
University Hospital , and the carpooling program 
for commuters . 

Ken RowE-rs is well -suited to his new position. He 
started at UCSD as a student assistant in 1966. ror 
about four years Bowers specialized in handling 
tudents ' citation complaints. He became familiar 

with their problems and obtained a reputation for 
fairness in his dealings . He feels he can effectively 
transmit his knowledge of student concerns to 
administrators. 

During his years at UCSD, Bowers has also 
acquired a thorough understanding of the workings 
of the school 's business services. He has developed 
a personal rapport with the business managers 
around campus who are often considered inac-
cessible by students. Because of his extensive 
experience, Bowers has brought students and 
managers together to make the business office 
more aware of student complaints. He tries to give 
a factual Insight into whatever problems may ari e, 
from "bookstore hassles" and parking, 'to campus 
construction projects and the university budget . 

Preventive Measure 
Bowers feels that the increasing receptiveness of 

the business services will act as a preventative 
measure ; that is, students need no longer feel that 
the various services on campus operate in a self-
ervi ng vacuum, totally ignorant of students' day-

to-day problems. As Bowers put it, he would like to 
" minimize dissemination of erroneous in-
formation ." By having free access to people in-
volved 10 business operations at the management 
level, Bowers feels students can air their grievances 
and even have a part in future deci ion-making. 

Seegmiller, Med School Professor 
To Receive Faculty Scholar A ward 

J. Edwin Seegmiller, M.D., noted professor of 
MediCine at the UC San Diego school of Medicine, 
has been elected to receive a Faculty Scholar 
Award by the josiah Macy, Jr. Foundation of New 
York . Under the Macy Foundation program, 
Seegmiller will leave the United States in Sep-
tember, 1975 for six months of collaborative 
research at the. Basel I nstitute for Immunology in 
Switzerland and the Sir William Dunn School of 
Pathology in Oxford, England . 

Th Faculty Scholar Awards program was 
established two years ago to " recognize and reward 
excellence in academic medicine by giving those 
elected the opportunity for an uninterrupted 

period of creative scholarship," according to the 
josiah Macy, Jr. Foundation. Seegmiller is one of 
thirty distinguished doctors to be selected for 
concentrated study and research abroad in an 
effort to foster international exchange in the 
medical sciences. He is one of four recipients 
chosen to divide his sabbatical time between two 
countries. 

Seegmiller is perhaps best known for hb 
. discovery of the enzyme defect in Lesch-Nyhan 

Syndrome, an inborn disorder of purine 
metabolism causing severe mental retardation and 
self-mutilation impulses. The Human Biochemical 
Cenetics Progranl, which Seegmiller directs, has 
pioneered the development of a new branch of 
preventive medicine in which biochemistry and 
genetics are applied to the prenatal diagnosis of 
hereditary diseases at an early stage of gestation. 
The program monitors pregnancies in the United 
States and in countries as distant as those in the 
Middle East and South Africa, making it an in-
ternational reference for prenatal diagnosis of 
hereditary diseases. 

Followi ng Seegmi lIer's tes ti mony before 
Congressional appropriation committees in 1973, 
the potential for control of serious hereditary 
diseases was recognized by the establishment of 
eight genetic centers throughout the Unitf>d States . 
Each of these centers closely follows the pattern of 

Dr. J. Edwin Seegmiller 
organization established by Seegmiller and his 
colleagues at the School of Medicine. 

Seegmiller was elected to the National Academy 
of Sciences, the nation's highest scie ntific honor , in 
1973. He has del ivered lectures concerning his 
research in Japan, Israel, Canada and the European 
continent, and has received numerous honors in 
the United States, including the Balfour Visiting 
lectureship at the Mayo Clinic. He has also been 
selected to deliver the State of Art lecture at the 
annual meeting of the American College of 
Physicians, and to serve on the National Institute 0.1 
General Medical Sciences Advisory Council. 
Seegmiller also serves in advisory capacity to 
several additional national organizations, including 
the American Society of Biologica l Chemists, the 
American Federation for Clinical Research, and the 
American Association for the Advancement of 
Science. 

Mandeville Recital Hall to Host 
Indian Classical Dance 

A reCital (If South Indian 
classical dance by M"Jhu Yodh 
Von Essen will be presented on 
April 9 at 8 p m, in the Recita l 
Hall of the Mandeville enter. 

Medha Von I sse n, born In Ah-
medabad, I nc la, has danced 
since childhood Her formal 
training began at 7 with the study 
of th Manipuri dance of north-
east India 

According to Mrs. Von (ssen, 
Sharata Nat yam has two distinct 
a pec Nrita (pure dance) and 
Nntya (or Abhlnaya, mime) Nrlta 
1\ v('ry ~ ulptur(od and ."I,,J:v 
bel,ed on thE' eart , ''' ~ 
t('chn iqllr u~e~ the funli .lm('ntal 

bone structure of the body, 50 
th~1 the dancer is able to s.uggest 
an abstract form Without drawing 
attention to the musculature of 
the body . Dances are in forms of 
spira ls and circles emanating 
from th movable ioints of th 
body --hips, knees, ankles, 
elbows, wrists and also the waist 
Abhinaya refers to the use of 
hand gestures and facial ex-
pressions which are an integral 
part of south Indian dance . Th se 
gestures are used to com-
mUOIcate hllmaf' emotions such 
d~ lov ,fear, atire, and devotion, 

alwdy~ in conjun ction with 
mU\l , or rather with the mf>lodic 
I'd Iterns d Ild rhythm . 

Mrs. Von Essen has made 
numerous concert appearances 
In Bombay and throughout the 
United States . She now resides in 
La jolla, where she is active as 
teacher and p rform r. 

This event is sponsored by th 
r riends of the International 

nter . Cost of admission i $5 or 
$2 for students and includes a 
reception following th per-
formance Tickets, are available 
at the International Centrr. 

Proceeds (rom the danc 
recital will go to the Internationa l 
Center , a meeting pia e on the 
UC D campu~ ~upport d by 
voluntary donatlon~ 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon,-Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-6481 

Monday, April 7, 1975 

UNWANTED 
PREGNANCY? 

~@@@l 1Xl@~~ ., ~@~a 
~~@c@)@)~ ~ 

Women's 
Medical Clinic 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
PH MftlNC, n)~Tk AC'ToRS 

Leaftrton - SaD Inc, 

REMODEL - NEW INSTALLAT_IONS - REPAIRS 
STATE LICENSE NO . 272-677 

566-4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San Diego, Ca. 92121 

PRE-DENTS 
The D.A.T. Review Seminar is now accepting enrollment 
applications for its April Dental Admission Test Seminar. 
The limited enrollment , four day seminar will be given on 
two consecutive weekends by practicing Dentists and 
Ph Ds ., utilizing lectures, take home materials, a-nd recent 
D.A .T . type exams. The seminar is designed to give the 
student the experience, strategy, knowledge and familiarity 
with the exam to maximize his score on all sections of the 
D.A .T . For additional information and enrollment materials , 
call : (213) 886-4468, or write D.A .T. Review Seminars , 9801 
Balboa Blvd ., Northridge, Cal if. 91324 . 

I •• It It ... I f It all. I U I I,. h II. I 
'\1111. til 

3:30-5:30 Hl Auditorium 
Dr, Wayne Lester will speak on 

"Creation, Evolution and Oiology" 

8-11 pm Rev_elle Cafeteria 
Dr. Duane Gish will lecture on "Creation, 

Evolution and the Fossil Record " 
Professor Harold Slusher will give a 
"Critique on Radiom etric Doting" 

;;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:0;;: 
r ISRAELI INDEPENDENCE DAY m ( CELEBRATION } 

:~~~ Featuring Israeli singers m 
:::: IIEd"A ANd dA".od ::: ~ ~ :~~~ and the ~~~ 
ijj NiRkodA ENSEMbLE dANCE GROUP ~l~ 
'.' after the performance ,', 

:i: iSRAEli f:~:jiF~:~ ANd ii· 
lhickets at UCSD box office and at the door '~~\ 
iii S4TlIRd4Y ApRiL 12,7 pM,M4NdEviLLE CENTER m 
:=:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:~:.:::.:::::::::~:::::::::::: :::::::::::::.:.:::.::: 

SONY TC-270 $)79.00 
LiST 
BRollGln 
TO YOll by 
SliPERSCOPE 

More than a tope decl~", 
a truly COMPLETE tope system 

La~oll8 ~1 UKlc /-" •• 
1128 Wall .. ~~ 

., 
... 

Monday, April 7, 1975 Triton Times 

eer 

For years we've been telling you that in Milwaukee, 
beer capital of the world, Pabst Blue Ribbon 

is the overwhelming favorite. 

CANS 1975 1974 

PABST 53% 48% 42% 
BRAND 2 12% 11% 18% 

BRAND 3 5% 5% 7% 

BRAND 4 5% 5% 5% 
SOURCE: Milwaukee Journal Consumer Analysis 

More beer is brewed in Milwaukee than any other 
city in the world . So to be the #1 selling beer in 
Milwaukee means you've got to be brewing the 
best beer money can buy. 
And Pabst must be doing just that. Look at 
the charts. Blue Ribbon accounts for more 
than half the beer sold in Milwaukee. It out-
sells the next brand nearly five to one. 

1975 1974 1973 

46% 46% 43% 
BRAND 2 10% 9% 11% 

BRAND 3 8% 7% 8% 
6% 9% 10% 

That's why we feel 'lte 've earned the right to 
challenge any beer. So here's the Pabst challenge: 
Taste and compare the flavor of Blue Ribbon 

with the beer you're drinking and learn 
what Pabst quality in beer is all about. 
But don't take our word for it. Taste our 
word for it. 

PABST Since 1844. The quality has always come through. 
P ... BST BREWING COMP ... NY Milw aukee . W", PtO". Heigh .. , III. Newark. N J • Los Angel •• , CII II • PlbS! . G.orgil 

Page sc vcn 



Page eight 

. . 
,', 

\ 
GA the 
U.C.S.D. G.y com~unlty. Inform8tlon 
or ju.t want to tal.,? C·.l filii 

AlMf'tive T,.lnln" for woman. If in-
tantltad .... n up .oon WOm8n·. C.nt.r 
or call 8_ .t CounHIlng .nd 
P.ycholo.lc.1 S.rvlc... 412·3711. 
Enrollment IImlted.14/t1 

CHILD CARE DPENINGS 
The Day Ca,. Center It! accepting 
.nrollmant for children from the .... 2· 
I y .. ,.. W •• ,. .v.llable to ltuclanta. 
faculty and .taff of UCSD only. Stop by 
or call4l2·VII. 14/11 

Iw'.nr.loIn COURSE: Studantl who-have 
pa .. ed Subjact A but want to further 
Improv. their wrltine may .nroll In 
Lit/Eng 10 12unltll. 14/11 

FOREIGN STUDENTS and thOi' for 
whom Engll.h i. a •• cond I.ngu.g. 
who ar. int.rnt.d In improving their 
writing .klll. · enroll In a .peeial .actlon 
of Lit/Eng 10. Come to 1254 H·L or 
x2&22. 14/91 

Writing Tutorl for Fall '75: Enroll In 
L1t.,.tur. G.na,.1 1M. The T .. chlng of 
Wrltlne. Com. to 1254 H·L or cell x2Ii22 

apply .nd pickup cou .... dncriPtlon. 

The Blology/Chemi.try Clinic will b. 
op.n from thl. wille to the .nd of the 
qu.rt.r. Chack at the clinic 12258-2B for 
the hou .... 14/91 

Revelle Progr.m Board pr ... ntl mu.lc 
on the R.v.lI. Plaza from 12:30 to 1:30 
on Tund.y. AprllBth. 14/71 

W.d .• Apirl 9 12 noon " Low R.ynold. 
Numb.r Flow." USB 2122 14/91 

ISRAELI FOLKDANCING 
Mond.y I Pm Confer.nc. Rm. In the 
Rec. Gym 14m 

Triton Times 
What's Happening 

UPPER DIVISION STUDENTS: TEP 115-
1. n •• d. Tutor/Aid •• nowl EI.m.n· 
t.ry .nd S.cond.ry Tutorl Aid •• 
n •• d.d • •• peci.lly blllngu.1. Cia •• 
m •• t. Tund.y ... in HL 1148. Su .. n · 
Montro •• • t462·2157. 14/71 

P.rt tim •• tud.ntlll_ then 1 unitl by 
April 111 ar •• llglble for a refund of ~ 
the Education F.. 1...,1. Quaatione 
.hould be .ddrnaecl to the R .. lat,.". 
offlcal4171 

ATTENTION COMMUTERS. Vacancy 
on R.v.lle Pr"rem Board for one non-
rMldent .tudent. Appllcationa av.llable 
In R.velle Provoat Offlc •• nd Aav.lla 
R •• ld.nt D •• n·. OUlce. De.dlin. 
ftIIonday. April 7. 4:GO P';'. 14m 

SEX CLINIC: Coun .. II"G on Sexual 
Probl.m.. W.d. 3·5 pm; Aev.lia 
Counaelors Offic. In.xt to the R.v. 
Provoat Offlc.l. Judith Jorg.n.en. 
M.D.· Hugh P.t ... Ph.D. 131141 

WOMEN'S CENTER: Anyon. Intere.ted 
in joining or teeching • B •• ic Auto 
Mechanics cl ... thl. qu.rt.r Dig. Jt2023 
14/71 

A Ii.t of the Ravell. S.nlorl who have 
decl.r.d their c.ndldacy for Spring 
Qu.rt.r • .,.75 hal b.en po.ted on the 
board outald. the R.vell. Provo.t' . 
Offic • . Pl .... ch.ck to b. c.rtaln that 
your name i. on thl.II.f.14/ 111 

IVCF Spring Quart.r Semln.r.: 
Everyon. int.rnted m.et in P&L 1117 
• t 7:15 pm today to find out room 
numb.r. .nd •• m ln.r I •• d.,. . 
Everyon. walcomel14171 

F.culty Di.cu •• lon on the Revltll. 
Phiolo.ophy .nd propo •• d curriculum 
change. with Prof'. Crowna I Lit. , 
Attlyah IEconl . and M.lmb.rg 
IPhy.lc.' . Evaryone urg.d to .nend 
Wed. April 9. 8 pm. R.v.lI. Formal 
Lounga. Spon.ored by R.v.lle Prog. 
Bo.rd. 14/91 

SEMINAR; Johanna. Frlt.ch. compo .. r 
April 10. 12 noon. B 210 M.ndevllle 
C.ntar 14/91 

R .. ldent Advl.or Appllcatlona-·plck up 
rafe".1 from Stud.nt Employm.nt 210 
MC. For Rav.lle .. ... Rick I.yar or 
M.ry Cox In A •• ldant O .. na Offlc •• 
Argo Hall. 3027. For Third .. • .. 
R .. ld.nt Dean'. 101 MC. For Muir: ... 
ClIO Malone or Uncia Fa,.,.. Rnldant 
D .. na Offlc •• X42IIO. Deedllna .. April 
11.4 PM 141111 

IENEFIT RUMMAGE .. BAKE SALE 
April 12. ~ored by U.C.'.D. Day 
Cara Canter. I .m. IF you'd Ilk. to 

.«toneta .omathl"" 4IZ.2JII. 14/11 

FOURTH COLLEGE Invlt.. you to eat 
lunch with RAPH LEVINS. campus 
I.wv.r. Drop by Arp. 7. 12 PM • • t the 
Stud.nt Cant.r Loung.. Lunch I. 
provided.. 14171 

MUIR STUDENTS LIVING OFF· 
CAMPUS: You .re .lIglbl. to .nter the 
Muir Room and Ap.rtmant Drew. Pick 
up .ppllcatlon .t R .. ld.nt Dean'. 
offic • . D.adlln. for .pplication. i. 4:00 
pm. April 10. 1975. 14/91 

TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO . 
repr ... ntativ. will be on·c.mpu. W.d. 
April 9 to Intervi.w for .. I •• program 
I •• ding to independent .g.nt .tatu. in 
S.n Di.go. Silk.: .ny m.jor. Ap-
polntm.nta & mora Info .t C.r .. r 
Planning. 302 MC. 14191 

Any Muir Senior int.r •• t.d in •• rving 
on the Muir Graduc.tlon Committ ... 

. pi ..... top by the Muir D •• n·. Offlc •• 
2125 H&SS or cell. ext. 3687. 14/111 

IIiAUDITIONSIlI 
for the gradu.ta'. Spring production •. 
Thr.e production ... Tu •• & Wed IApr. 8 
& 91 in MC 409.t 7:00 pm. 14171 

Subpoana Gall.ry Iformerly 
Hum.niti •• · Libr.ry G.lleryl exhibition. 
" Lilt M inut . ... of photogr.phy. 
painting. and .culptur. by .tud.nta 
from vlriou. So. C.lif. coll.ga c.m· 
pu .... Gall.ry houra .r. 12·5 Mond.y 
through Saturday. Ground floor . ... t 
.id. of Humanlti .. Llbr.ry. 14/111 

SEMINAR ON THE CH.USTIAI\j FAITH 
begin. tonight. 7.30 pm. " M.n .nd hi. 
Predlcamant." led by Campu. p •• tor 
John Hub.r. .t Unlv.r.lty Luth.ran 
Church loung •• on the w •• t.rn .dg. of 
R.v.II •. All welcom •. 14/71 

SURF CLUB Meeting Wadnaadly. 4" 
7:30 pm P & L 111714/11 

UCSD Society of F.nta.y .nd Scl.ne. 
Fiction LOUNGE Conf.r.nc. Room. 
April 7 topic: The Work. to Andre 
Norton 14/71 

rrlnacanclantal M.dltato,.: Adv.nced 
meeting and group meditation Mon. 
April 7 at 7 PM in R.v.11e Formal 
Loung • . For into Jo. Ri.ck.r. 280-1140. 
2I8-891i6 IS.I.M.S.I 14/71 

SINGIlE PARENTS · C.ught in financi.1 
bind with Walf.r. D.pt? Find out what 
c.n Ind i. b.ing don. .bout the 
.Itu.tion. Mon. 4/7 .t 4091· H Mir.m.r 
St. IMe .. Apta.1 .t 7:00. For into. Andra 
• 463-8393 or Women', C.nter 462·2023. 
14/71 

Communlc.tion. Student Union 
Mond.y. 3 pm. MC 402 IComm. Conf. 
Rm.1 

COOP me.ting Man &:30 Stud.nt 
C.ntar. Information: North City W •• t! 
EI.ction: BRG Coordinator! 
Nomin.tlon: Intarn.1 Aff.ira Coor· 
dlnator! 14/71 

MCAT Pr.p.r.tlon Cou .... milt. e.ch 
Thurl 6:OO-e:3O p.m. In B •• ic Sclenc. 
Building 2100. For Info 462· 4110. 1&1&1 

Stud.nt. interllt.d in m.king 
CALPIRG .n .ff.ctlv. front for .tud.nt 
.ctlvi.m . W.d. 7:00 pm. Stud.nt 
Cent.r. All .ra wllcom • . 14/91 

Monday, April 7 , 1975 

ASIAN AMERICAN STUDENT 
ALLIANCE. WED. APRIL I . 1171 & 30. 
WATARADORI·BIRDS OF PASSAGE . 
A FILM DOCUMENTARY ABOUT 
THREE ISSEIS. i4ftl 

Coed voll.yball captain. Wed April '. 3 
pm. r.c gym conf.r.nca room. 1417' 

SATCH MEETS EVERY WED. 7:00 PM 
Meet In Stud.nt Ct. Loun.. • Gunt ' 
Speak .... . 14111 

Political Sci.nc. Stud.ntl! G.t YOUr 
bod. to the Low.r Bleke Loung. 
Wedne.day .ftemoon at 4:00 pm for • 
union m •• tlng ..... Th.r.·. pOw.r In 
numb.,.! 14111 

GAY STUDENTS MEETING Monday. 
R.v.lI. Informal Loung •• 7:00. Wom.n 
end m.n welcom • . 1417' 

FREE MOVIE Mondey Apr. 7 "Th. 
Wiz.rd of Oz" Muir 5 .nd Dim. 9 pm 
14/71 

Women' . We.kly Film S.ri •• . TUES. 
April 8. 8 pm. Rav.lI. Cafe. " Ang.la 
D.vi.; Portr.it of a R.volutlonary". 
.. M.rian . ... . nd "J.nie'. J.ni . ... Fr ••. 
14/71 

Prof all Or Helen Longino from Phil. 
Dept. w ill be in the Women'. Cent.r 
April 8. Tua.d.y for • Brown Bag 
Lunch. 14/71 

TALENT SHOW · M.y 3 . C •• h prize • . 
Tryout. will be held . Stop by R.v.lI. 
Re.ld.nt De.n·, Offlc. by April 11 for 
info. 14/91 

Mand.ville Art G.II.ry. Mirl.m 
Sch.plro: The Shrln. Ind Th. 
Dollhoua. I. retrop.ctiv. exhibition!. 
April 1·27. G.II.ry hOUri .re Sunday 
through Frid.y 12·5. 14/251 

r---------Advertisements for Ourselves----------I 
Woman'. wetlult Imedluml· Jeck.t. 
long john. hood. bootl... Ekc.lI.nt 
condition $60.00 C.1l1i83-&81114/111 
... Chevy Ii $275 Mik. 213-3110 14/91 

H.ng·Glider 18 ft. Elper Flexl Fly.r. 
Greet Sh.pe. Buy. Kite. H.rnns. & 
; 001 • . $300 Dory · 462·9368 14m 
1972 Norton Commando Excl'nt cond .. 
lo·mi $1400. 1972 Honda l00SL. Only 
2000 ml. Needs little work. $150 or 
best/ offer. 1966 Honda 306. Cla.sic l 
Taken apart. but everything's here. $50. 
756·6838 evas. M.rio.14/71 

CITROEN . '7O-2CV·MEHARI . 40.000 
miles 45 miles/ gallon . $1100. 431Hi973 
14/111 
Dual 1214 turntable. Shure Cartridge. 
one year old $90/best off.r. Schwinn 
Varsity 10-sp.ed bike 50$. 463-7431 14/71 
Harv.y·s wetsuit, l'''. high waist. small.( 
w ith hood & booties. Execellent condo 
Jeff 462·9970 14/71 

Sch.um ·, Gen.tlcs; SRB 'S Gen. 
Genetics; EI Tunel; Vivlr Hoy; Wa .. r·, 
Quant. Ch.m.· John 756·721914/71 
Ni.hik i 10 s peed. 25 inch frame. IlItra 
w ide rang. ge.ring. unlvernl sid. 
pull • • Sugino cranks.t. excell.nt 
condition 140$ 462·5912 14171 

Professional Astro Tel •• cop. Refractor 
3.00 in .x 6OOX; many extra. including 
Zoom and Ortho,copic I.n ... ; Barlow. 
Tripod and carrying c .... $250; worth 
twice that. Cell Enclnlta, 753·6640 for 
furth.r d.talls . 

Boatman · Portal,l. RDF w ith ch.rts. 
Don't gat lo.t f t , a.; al.o W.ath.r 
Radio giving waa ,hlr 24 hOUri per d.y. 
C.II Encinlta. 75i-8640 for furth.r in· 
form.tion. 

5 D. t.un. 510. a..pok.. .Ium.alloy. 
Spider M.g • . NeoN! . 125/or Bnt 616-
3611 14/11 1 
Honda 180 Moto,c¥cI • • 1966; only 1300 
mila • . run. IIka rew. $225. Connl. 75J.. 
811314/91 

10 .pe.d Amerlc.n Eigi. 27" wh •• I • • 
$80. St.v. 462·M1314/71 

LA ,OLlA AUTO BODY 
FACTORY BAKED AUTO PAINTING 

BODY AND FENDER REPAIRING 
&e6 PEARL STREET 

LA JOLLA. CALIF. 92037 
_ ·2111 

.-; Ch.v & cyln. V.n Window •• Big 
wh •• I.. need. front tlr.. .nd .lIgn-
m.nt. run. good $600. 27S-e33II14/111 

Oneil Surfing Longjohn. . .xcell.nt 
condition $36. On.iI .urflng j.cket $30. 
knHboard $30 •• urfboard $36 Bruce 462, 
_ L.av. Numb.r 14171 

1988 Buick Electr • • Very good condition 
air conditioninglall pow.r .cce •• orlel 
Ed. 462·9322 14/111 
YAMAHA 250 • Run •• ha. good t lr •• 
11newl. needs II p.lnt job but 
mech.nic.lly good. $100 or best off.r 
Mike Or Dave. 453·1572 14/91 

~ ,...,.,.... , ........... \'. 

.' • ("<""1 
, . ~, .. ,;,r; ., 

Hey B. 0 : tanks for the c.ndy b.r. No 
pe.nut buttar on the c.lery •• nd good 
luck. young .nd r .. tl .... ab 14 /71 
W.·ra trying to organize a ragul.r pok.r 
g.m. here on campu • . Call larry at 462. 
8131 .nd la.ve m .... g. if you'd like to 
get Involved.14/71 

Wh.t il. N.wman?14/71 

Pi.ca. John .t the V.A .• I lo.t the m.p. 
Wh.t c.n I .. y? Pie ... c.lI. L. 272·0687 
14/71 

Usa drugs · or else! Mr. Big .nd the Surf 
N.zi.14/7, 

Barb.ra . I lova you so much. I can't 
d.al. c.n you shuffle? J im 14171 

Bobbart: Th.nk. for the trlka rac • • 
bre.kf.st. tha use of your poncho. your 
heed phon ... nd stereo and your bad. 
144 Is IIti li my fa vorite number. .. 
Bigfoot. 14/71 

Old East.r taka your summ.r job? W. 
.till hav. aome. CAli 224·3117 14/71 

DIAMOND Girl. you .xclt. me more 
th.n MI . Monroa .ver c ould ... Scoot 
14/71 

ANTOINE · Vou. ete. tr •• • ympatlqu. 
at:: mil ma •••• z neive .t Innocent. 
JI regret avac tout. m. co.ur qua c •• 
pa .... Toujourl. FRANCOISE. 14/71 
Shlrlay lang. I. t ickll.h. 14171 
Bruc. B .• t.nnl. jock. looking .t your 
f.c. mak •• u •• xtremely Iii. TRANSFER 
. or b.tt.r y.t; drop deed. 14171 
K.ren of Art: Did you •• cap.? If not. 
cell me. I don't h.ve your n_ phon. # 
. Jim _ -704114/71 

U .. d 10 .p •• d. gd. condo 7!i6 T102 level . 
i4 /71 

Portable Black .nd Whit. T.V. with UH· 
F. Jull.: 462·1152. 14191 

Sci.nce 4C IPhy.lc.' taxt book. 
H.llid.y & R •• nick with y.llow COv.r 
Ir.vi •• d edltionl. Stan 274·289714/71 

TENT TRAILER . • turdy. hom. built. 15" 
wheai. with .tov. & doubl. bed. id.al 
for de •• rt or B.j • . x3140 or 273-088914/7' 
B.ckp.ck with fram. . .1.0 nlld • 
down slaeping b.g. Bruc. 4&2·968914/71 

Carpool from Lake Murr.y and EI P •• o 
are. 8·5, M· F. C.II Paul 486·B219. 14/91 
Ne.d .ubj.ct. for lI.t.ning .xp.rimant 
$21 hr. C.1i 756-7703 .ft.r 5 . any t im. 
weekand. (1)4/181 
Us.d Microbiology by D.vi8 et .1. Tom 
560·9060 after 7 or weekend. 14/71 

Need 3 strong back. to move furn itur • . 
$21 hr. 753-5644. 753-063214 /71 
Two tickats for Kite Millet . H.rb.rt 
Marcu.a d.bata. AI 756·2966 14/71 

YOU WILL BE PAID $2.·P .H. fo r p.r· 
t icip.ting In a group axp.riment about 
la.rning map.. Exp.rlm.nt. held on 
Mon .. Wad .. & Fri. from 2:00 to 4:00 pm. 
Joe x2541(1)4/ 9' 

Help Want.d: Di.hwa8h.r. p.rt·tima 4 
ev.nings • w.ak. 3 to 4 hour ••• ch 
evening. r.t. $2.2II.n hour. 464-8250 
1p4/91 

, , 

.. 

• . .1" " ,~ ••. 
ROOMMATE WANTED: Be.utiful3 bdr. 
house on cliff. in O.B. Own room $78.50 
& utilities. b.ckyard. s te irway to cov. 
etc. 223·7539. late Is b.st • • fter llpm. 
14/111 
Male Or Female Roomm.t. needed to 
sh.re two b.droom .partment at La 
Joli. Village. Pool & j.cuzzl nearby. 
S67.50/ month & utilitln. 4&3-815714/1 11 
Wanted: room in La Jail •• hor .. ar •• 
over summ.r. Doug 415-343114/71 

Sh.re I.rge. unique 3 BR. 2B hou.e in 
Million Hill. with young I.wyer. 5 
dack • . view In ev.ry 'room. c.nyon lot, 
large .unken bath •• taln.d gla.a 
window •• pool t.ble .nd cl .. nlno I.dy 
and III utllltl.1 p.id. $205 mo. 211·1015 
.ft.r5 pm. (1)4/71 
Houllm.t. needed for 2 b.droom 
cottag. In Encinita • . Furnl.hed. Would 
like p.raon ov.r 21. R.nt 85-10 month 
inc. utiliti ... 14/11 
F/ Roomm.t. needed b.ginnlng April 
12th to .har. La Jolla Villag. Apt. Own 
I.rge room. P.ta Ind pl.nt. w.lcom • . 
t11Ii.OO/month. Contact Trudl. 4114121 . 
14/71 
F Roomm.t. needed. Sh.r. Room $75. 
Sol.nl Beac h . 481040614/11 

W.nted mal. to .har. 0.1 M.r hou ••. 
Own room. $17.50. Communal cooking. 
hou •• k •• plng. 7!i6-3943 .v.ning • . 14/71 
M.I. CPr F.m.le to .h.r. n.at & cla.n 3 
BDRM. Own room. 3 mi to c.mpu • • 
96.00/ mo. Call 463·7367 .v.nings. 14/91 

Couple looking for furni.h.d .umm.r 
rental. Jun. lfi.S.pt. 15; Lell than 
$2501 mo. C.II for G.ry .t 4!i6.2!iOO 
Iworkl or 488-4460 Ihom.1. 14/111 

3 BR. PI.ymor Townhou.e 2BA. Brick 
p.tio. partly furni.had. only 6 month' 
old, Includas new refrigarator. .p. 
pli. nces. avail.ble Jun. 15. 452·2136, 
222·23221p4/ 111 

,A • -'" i. .. ~ 
.. ,'. ~~ 

r~ 
TYPISTS ; IBM ·Term p.per/· 
the ... 1 dluart.tion.l.tc. Ed iting l 
RUSH JOBS/Xerox. Andl: 463-0&66 
Ipl /81 

Typing . IBM . Exp.rl.nced. c.rbon 
ribbon. r.porta. th..... accurate. 50 
cent •• nd up. P.m 610·52&7 .ft.r 6 pm. 
14/71 

Free .kln c.re I ••• on .nd m.ke up 
an.ly.i. by D·Bi.n. con.ultant Bat8Y 
469-486114/ 111 

You c.n .tIIl.cqulre Public land FREEl 
Gov.rnm.nt Land Dig •• t. Box 2217. 
Norman. Oklahom. 730881p4/21i1 

WEEDS PULLED. ground cl •• red and 
cultiv.ted fOr VEGETABLE GARDENS. 
Expert pruning .nd trimming of .hrub •• 
hedg ... . nd tr .... Digging. AI 277·3620 
14/181 

RESEARCH AIDS . North Americ.·. 
I.rga.t •• rv ic • . For catalogua .end $2 
to: E: ... y Sarvice.. P.O. Box 1218. 
Niagr. F.II •• N.Y. 14302. AI.o. c.mpu. 
r.pre •• ntatlv •• r.quired. Pi .... writ • . 
416-:.8·1164t. Ip 8/., 

LOST . Small turquol •• colored h .. rt 
on .liv.r chain n .. r 3rd coll.g. 
cef.t.ri • . Return to TT offlc • . R_.rd 
14171 

Found · Charln Kitt.l: Introduction to 
.olld .tat. phy.lc. Ind othar m.t.rlall 
r.c.ntly purch ••• d from book.tor • . 
Identify other m.t.rlel. .t Stud.nt 
C.nt.r to claim. 14/21 

Lo.t: y.llow not.book .nd two 
pap.rb.ck boob on Socrat •• & PI.to. 
ATHL 1148 on April 2. PI .... th_ 
mat.rl.le er. crucl.1 to my r_reh. 
T.rry Brown 7115-_14/71 

Found: J.ck.t Muir 462·97!iO •• k for 
Phil & Id.ntify. 14/71 

Found: White car ring on w •• t .Id. of 
HL. CI.im at TT. 14/71 

Lo.t: Wom.n·. n.vy blu. fitt.d j.ck.t. 
Mond.y aft.rnoon on fin.l's wa.k in 
UH parking lot. Pla •• e . Its part of a suit 
. Return and you w ill b. rewerd.d. 756· 
0959. 14/ 41 

EUROPE · ISREA L· AFRICA Student 
flights y •• r round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11817 S.n Vicente Blvd. No. 4 
L.A. C.lif. 90049 
Te!: 1213182&·5669. 82&-09661p1/61 

MOROCCAN SAFARI camping trip this 
summ.r. Sm.1I group . Liva with 
villag.r.. 4 week.. $275. Writ. Kim 
K.c.r. 21&3A No. V.II.y St. B.rk.l.y 
Calif. 94702 14/71 

EUROPE· ISRAEL·AFRICA·ORIENT Low 
co.t flight • • toura. the whole .tud.nt 
bit. At our offlc. ov.r 200 FREE non· 
comarclal p.mphl.t.. brochur ..... blg 
buck •• avlng. ESTC 510 W. Sixth. Suit. 
318 L.A. 9001412131823-2121 Ipl/., 

SSW Travel Office . ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'I Stud.nt 10. Eur.lI. Ho,tel Card • • 
Tripping Mag.zlna. .tc. UCSD in· 
t.rnatlonal C.nter 4&2-0&30 11 am .... pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Cloaed Tue. ·Thur • . 
Ipl/81 

EUROPE · ISRAEL & ORIENTLowcolt 
.tud.nt flight •• 11 y.ar round. A.I.S.T. 
1431 S. La CI.n.g. Blvd. Loa Ang.I ••. 
IOO3fj 17141 544-9333 Or 12131 852·2727 
IpllIl 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE . 
ISRAEL. ORIENT. Low prieM- long and 
.hort flight. . Limlt.d .paca. 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1 • 
W .. twood Blvd. LA. 1DQ204121,, .,....121 
or 477·1112 11111 


