
·SaxonOKed as New President 
City Council OKs NCW; 

by John H. Taylor 
David S. Saxon, the hardworking UC provOSt and UCLA vice-chancellor who a a professor III 

physics in 1950 refused to sign UC's controversial loyality oath, has been named a. Presid('nt 
Charles Hitch's successor. Legality Uncertain Saxon, 55, will be the fourteenth president of the University ?!California . . . ' The announcement , made amid a degree of srudent OpposlUon, came after a peclal meetl.ng 01 
the Board of Regents in Los Angeles Saturday, at which the Board accepted the recomm('nda.tlon 01 
a regental president search committee to appoint Saxon following a 5-month earch . axon Will rake 

by Mark St~dler Help Inner Core 
Bya 5-4 vote Thursday the San 

Diego City Council adopted the 
Opposition to the NCW plan 

was led by a presentation by Del 
Mar Co un ci lman Ri chard 
Lupin ski , who sa id, "It hould be 
the top priority of this great ci ty 
to redevelop its inner core ." 
Almost all the opponents agre d 
on th is point . 

office when Hitch retires inJune . Students 'Not Thrilled' 
orth City West Community 

Master Plan that would allow 
con truction on a 425(}-acre site 
northeast of UC San Diego , to 
eventua lIy accommodate 40,000 
residents . Ho'wever: a possibly 
illegal ituation regarding the 
proposed fundi ng method for the 
venture could tall con truction . 

What wa actua lly approved by 
the Counci l were amendm nts to 
the Plan , to the effect "that all 
pub li c facilities be fina nced by 
the property owners within the 
plann ing area , by a hargf' again st 
the land in the planning area ." 
North Ci ty West (N W ) property 
owners plan to finance the 
npeded fa ilitles by establish-
mpnt of an A essment Di trict 

Illegal? 

Opponent a lso agreed that · 
CW can tit utes urban sprawl , 

would add ai r pollution and 
reduce op n pace, and do not 
meet an Diego's need for low 
in ome housing. 

Councilmen supportin g th 
developm nt , Gil John on, Bob 
Martin t. Lee Hubbard, Ellis and 
Morrow, agreed that the NCW 
wou ld stimulate the economy 
and add needed employment. 
Morrow, In an apparent con-
tradiction to his ea riiN po ition , 
aid he believed the A es ment 

Di tri ct concept would help tem 
Continued on Page 3 

Hughes and Hughes 
D,wid ~'. 'axon 

Students from seven crf the nine UC campuses. Including lie .... ,111 
Diego Student Coop rat ive external coordinator Karen SIt'pntoitl' 
asked the search committ e to reopen the search for a pr('sld('nt ,It ,1 

mor~ ing ses ion before the early afternoon general meeting 
Stt' ntoft aid that the tudent representatlv s.who aturday (anll' 

from every UC campus except UCLA and UC ~anta Crlfl. "were not too 
thrilled With the process." She said it had been "our understanding thdt 
we would meet before the Regents' deCISion to tudy each canchddt!" 
quallfi at Ions." adding that tudents had not met to diSCUSS axon untt! 
th(' Saturday morning meeting 

While Steen tofte would make no comment on the ~tlldent 
r pre entat iv s· feelings about Saxon . there wer Indications that 
\tudents were not essentially oppo ed to the appointment . though they 
felt generally th search committee had not considerpd il suffiCient 
number of candidates. and that it did not involve students enough 

Thirt en Regent voted In favor of Saxon . while fOllr m('mbers dh-
stained SIX Regents were absent. It was not known at press time who 
abstained in the vote 

Saxon. a wlnn r of the Unlversity's distingUIshed teach,ng c1wdrd . 
refused to sign the loyalt oath the Univer ltv Implempnted 10 1(1,)() to 
In sure that no admltled ommunlsts would be allowed to tPc1Ch ,11 U( 
axon was not Involved In the fIght again the oath . although ,l( (ordlOg 

Continued on Page 3 But a cording to the Ci ty 
Attorney's Office. this plan is 
probably not legal One member 
of the Attorney' sta ff said the 
ASSE'S mt:'nt Di trict- might require 
a change In a ~tate law or in th e 
can titllt ion 

Two Harvard Profs Will Join History Faculty 
by James G. Soto hi tortan s have been hired away Marcuse and oth rs who fled hI tory profe sor who I (urrently 

The U San Diego history from Harvard Un iversity Europe 10 the 20 and 30 s. He IS study 109 European eltte h(' 1\ 
(Th . Rt:'st:'arch and Analysl 

Dlvi ion of the C,ty Planning 
Organllatlon suggested Instead 
an ad valorum tax levied on all 

departm nt has cor d a major 0 partment chairman Ramon also the author of Contemporary also tnter t£'d In the d,plomatl< 
academIC coup with the an- RUlz ' revealed that marrted Europe, a general survey text now and psycho h,stor of the modprn 
nouncempnt that two prominent scholars H Stewart Hughe and beIng lIsed In the modern European cenf' 

. CW r€"; ldents that would add. 
WI th a t for sc hool con-
struction . an average of $2700 a 
yea r In taxe . 

Free Mandeville 
Tickets Avaihlble 

JudIth Hug~~s ~ave a~c~pt d Europ~an .history sequence, h I the author of To the 
tenured poSItion In the history In ludtng hiS mo t r cent book. Ma inot Line a ~t d f th. 
department begi~ning in the fall the IU t released Sea of Change, rr ~ch mliltar~ and UgoYve~nm('n\ 
quarter of thi S .year . The Hughe I the a~thor of eight 10 the p rtod b twepn the t\.'\o 
departmc>nt co nVin ced the books and the editor of several world wars 

(Co uncilman jim El li s decided 
that with this plan , the Coun il 
cou ld "meet the pirit of an 
As essment District. " Counci lman 
floyd Morrow purned thi s. 
sayi ng that he would "flatly 
rpject this or any ot her mickey 
mouse" plan to .. ti ck it" to home 
owners) 

rree tickets for the dedication 
performance of "Stage Works by 
U SO omposers, " cheduled for 
8 .30 pm Thursday in the 
auditorium of UC San Diego's 
Mandevill e Center , will be 
avai lable in the Campus Program 
Board office today and 10 the 

Hughe to come to San Diego more. He I also the author of 
arli r thi quarter but the numerou articles and has been Roth the Hughes receIved thE'1f 

PhD from Harvard H tpwart 
Hughes I the grand on of Charl('\ 
Evan Hughes. the dlstlngul\h!'d 
American JUrt t . tate man . and 
politiCian 

Regents had to approve their recognized for many honors and 
cont ract. which the Hughes prizes. including a Guggenheim 

~igned last week . Fellow hip 

Proponents of th e plan, led by 
Don Walsh . chairman of the NCW 
property owners organization , 
said th Mast r Plan , which won 
an award for ex ell nee from the 
California In titute for Plann ers, 
" co ntains a ll th e nece ary 
(ont rol of growth any objective 
<o uncil au ld desire " The Plan , 
they claim, i good for the an 
DIego e onomy. a it will boost 
the constru tlon industry and 
allevi"ate un mployment . Walsh 
(on luded by urging immediate 
Co unci l a tion , be au e "time is 
runn ing out on th property 
owners' abilities to hold onto 
thei r property" due to ri sing taxe . 

tudent cent e r bo x office 
tomorrow thraug~ Thursday. All 
seats are re erved and ti ckets are 
requifed for admission . 

" Stage Works by UCSD 
Co mpo e rs" will include 
"Hockshurr." an e laborate game 
piece for 30 player by Jean-
Charle Francoi . "My, My. My 
What A Wonderful Fall" by 
Kenneth Gaburo, ..... From Behind 
the Unreasoning Mask." involving 
three musician s and a four-
channel tape by Roger Reynold . 
and "Crow Two." a ceremonial 
opera by Pauline Oliveros. 

A dedication ceremony for the 
Mandeville Center will precede 
the performance . 

Intellectual History 
H Stewart Hughe. 59. is 

c urrently the Gurney Prafe or of 
History and Political Science at 
HMvard . He has lon g been noted 
a a leader in the fie ld of Modern 
Eurooean Intellectual history. 

Hu ghe s is probably best 
known for hi s tri logy on the 
f:uropean intellectual scene In the 
last 19th and 20th centur ie The 
first vo lume in the trilogy, 
Consciousness and Society , 
investigates the reorientation of 
European ocial thought from 
1890 ~o 1930. The econd. Ob-
structed Path, covers th French 
intellectual t rad ition . Sea 
Passage, the last book in the 
triology , di sc usse Ce ntral 
European intellectuals including 

European Elites 
Judith Hughes, 33. IS a Harvard 

Reg Fee Committee Sets 
Priorities for New Money 

by Patti Wolf 
Compilat ion of a list of tudent ervices. dean . organllatlons and 

activities to be funded by an expected $400.000 to $570.000 from thl' 
UC Regent and or th tate legl lature was th focu of Itl\t wl'{,k 's 
Advisory CommIttee for tlldent Fee Program~ meetings The (om-
mlttee conditionally accepted a cluster of 17 ervlc es and program\ to 
be financed by th "conservative but realt tIC " ds~url'd tlmount of 
$400.000 . 

The 17 Item ar one omItted from the approved 1974-7') hudgl't 
base, whi ch i an Inclu Ive II t of all tudent programs and actlvltl(,~ to 
be funded through regi trat ion fee money EliminatIon of thp malOrtty 
of items will not oc ur if the exp cted monle do not h(·( ami' 
available. said a commIttee member. 

Continued on Page 3 

Mandeville Opening to Begin Thursday; TT Plans Special Issue Wednesday 
UC San Diego will dedicate its new 55.3 million 

Ernest W . Mandeville Center for the Arts with an 
l1-day public festival of music, drama and art in 
the center Miuch 6 through 16. Keynote speaker 
for the festival will be Nancy Hanks, Chairman of 
the National Endowment for the Arts. Hanks will 
spend several days here, accordins to planners. 
Her festival talk is scheduled for 8:30 pm March 
15 in the auditorium of the center. 

Other major events during the festival include 
the offjci~1 dedication and an eveninl of stage 
works by UCSD composers on Thursday, a per-
formance by the Inner City Repertory Dance 
Company of Los .o\nleles on Saturday, a public 
open house on Sunday, and an eveninll concert by 
noted pianist Gary Graffman on March 11 . 

Art . MUSIC, Dramcl 
In addition, there will be two art exhibition . a 

show in" of New Realis", usembled by the visual 

arts department and an exhibition of scene and 
costume desian presented by the drama 
department - which will run throuShout the 11-day 
festival. There will also be a series of concerts, 
including a production of "The Bewitched" by the 
late Harry Partch, an evenina of gospel music and 
an evening of 20th century vocal music . Also 
scheduled are five performances of Samuel 
Becketfs "Enclaame," poetry readings, lectures, 
exhibits, and a series featuring the Eastman House 
Rare Films from Rochester, New York. 

All of the events are open to the public . Many 
are free and tickets to the others are available 
throulh the UCSD box office. 

,On March C; , the Triton Time~ will publi h a 
special issue on the Mandeville Center, ~hich will 
delve into the b.uklrounds and idea of the artists 
and performers who will be featured in the 
openinR celebration . 



opinion ' 
Where Are Our Values? 

by D~\lid KristoffftSOn 
It has been ov~r two years now since I last 

submitted a serious editorial to the Triton TimH. I 
left the anti-war movement in disgust during the 
spring of 1972, returned to my world of personal 
affairs, and ha\ e been virtually silent since. But I 
continued to learn. Time worked changes in my life 
through love and suffering. Throughout that period 
I continued to search for a meaningful way of life in 
a disordered and insane world. 

that our primate heritage ingrained in our genes an 
innate sociability. Nature, should we sentimE'ntally 
say, blessed us with love and kindliness toward 
mE'mbers of our family, clan, and in somE' rare 
cases, toward our sptc"des as a whole. 

It is only by regaining our interest in other people 
that we will solve our collective problems, and also 
many of our personal problems. Several ~olutions 
already exist if only we were in the right frame of 

Problems pertaining to basic values have always mind a~d h~art to employ them . Despite the 
concerned me. I recall the impact that novels such present I~ anlty, there are slllI many intelligent and 
as Hesse's Sleppenwolf had on my thinking. Ac- compa~slonate people . 1'"1 the world . A~ we are 
cording to them, the 20th century is supposedly one reborn and g row agal/l In Spirit, the prop~r aCllon 
of transition and in such a time period people feel will follow In our steps. Let us seek out the answers 
lost . They drift in a moral vacuum created by the t~gether. For o~ thiS .polOt .. at least , I have no 
death of old values and are not yet filled by the new disagreement With ChrlStla~lty; lov~ IS the answ~r 
ones. At least that was the message I absorbed from to our p~oblems and can give meaning once agalll 
the books I read. to our lives. 

But J felt surely the readjustment problems of' But the gift was bestowed in a subt le manner. 
our gr~ndfatj,ers cannot disturb the thoughts of the Not only was love to be given, as in parental af-
young who, after all, take television and moon fection, but also it was made necessary that love 
shots without batting an eyelid. And yet the flood should be received. Consequently man developed a 
of drug abuse, religious faddism, and apathy need both to love and be loved. Nature thereby set 
continue . Hesse, instead of going out of style, a limit on an individual's selfishness The more a 
comes into his heyday. Is this merely some form of person cheated and robbed his neighbors, the more 
future shock? I doubt it. I think French President tunted became his psyche. Even if he got away 
Giscard may have noted the problem most ac- with a crime, subtle psychological forces alienated 
curately when he stated recently (I paraphrase from him from the mainstream of life. His ability to give 
my hazy memory), "The world today knows not and receive love diminished and therefore his life 
where it is heading. But it feels that if it knew, it became less satisfying than what it could have 
would find that it was heading toward disaster. It is been. Nature therefore anticipated the arguments 
this unhappy world that statesmen must lead of the self-interest school by ensuring that the best 
today." and most atisfying life would be that of social 

The feelings of impending doom and insecurity 
now haunt us all. It is, I believe, a major factor in 
our current malaise. Though we may not dwell on it 
consciously, it makes its presence felt by a sub-
conscious gnawing in the recesses of our minds. 

But there may still be hope, not only for a future, 
but perhaps for a better future. However, given the 
present state to which we have sunk, perhaps we 
ought, as Don Quixote said in the musical fo!.an of 

Mancha, "Take a deep breath of life and con-
sider how it should be lived." 

interaction which mutually benefitted the group 
and warmed the heart of the individual. Altruism 
was therefore "programmed" into us. 

Of cou rse it can always be argued that this· 
upposed altruistic behavior is always rewarded by 

pleasure. Such arguments, however, usually tend to 
give the listener the impression that therefore all 
human actions are "selfish" and consequently that 
we are all miserably "sinful" creatures. When E'ven 
our supposedly finest actions are self-centered, 
what grounds do we have for self-respect? 

Our life styles today are extremely self-centered. This morbid view of pleasure is a holdover from 
We consume and consume and make ourselves fat th'e as et' f .' f M 'dd'l A Ch ' t " t d 

f bl f h f I · c IC orms 0 I e- ge rlS lanl y an and com orta eo ten ~t t e expense 0 peop e I.n other religious sects. While supposedly they would 
un?erdeveloped countr~es . As stated ~bove, thiS be thE' last to condemn altruism, in the hands of the eplcure~nlsm may be. In part a reaction to the self-interest theorists their arguments can be turned unc.ertaln~y of futu~e times. However ,:,any pe?ple against them. NE'edless to say, the pleasures of ~yntcallY lustl.fy thelr ,?ctlon~ on the basl~ of ~artous altruism are of the "pure" variety a anyone who 
" rational ~,elf- Interest theorles?f morality .. These has experienced them can-at! t. For those people ..t hPOrtSt ~, qUite. often spend time debu"nktng :nd still stuck in the Middle Ages, let me add that tl. 'y 
refutlOg altr~J/Sm . Consequently . ma v p~ple are not sinful , nor are they the typ that one has 

Wind up refraining from even mlOor chantable ~exual fantasies about l 
actions. 

If we are to build a new future it will require 
effort , so first we must be convinced of our ability 
to act . To obtain the ability to act, we must un-
derstand our motives and regain a sense of self-
respect. Let us attempt to see what manner of 
beasts we may be! 

Having climbed thi mountain of verbiage, what 
conclusions can we draw? Wf' know that the world 
is in trouble, but what ca n we do? I concentrated on 
E'xp licating our moral impulses in this article 
becau e I believe that is where we must begin For 
various reasons we have been down and out for so 
long that we need to pick ourselves up gently, brush 
off the dirt. and make our first steps in a cautious 
manner, lest once again we find ourselves 011 our 
backs. At this stage plans to ~ave the world in one 

A famous quotation of Aristotle is "Man is a fell swoop would on ly impair u and plunge us 
~ocial animaL" The modern theory of evo lution and once again in to apathy. WE' must first regain our 
~t udie in anthrOPOlogy lend substance to this first ~e lf ·respect and let the love for oth rs that we havE' 
bare outline laid down by the Greek philosopher If ~o long repr ssed begin to flow again WE' must start 
It is indeed true that we " arose" from " lower" small in ord r that we may E'lld big Try ~m ilin g a bit 
organisms it would not be a surprising conc lusion more and saying "HE'lIo! " like one really nwant it 

• TONY AWARD-BEST ACTOR 
N. Y. DRAMA CRITICS' CIRCLE-SPECIAL CITATION 

"One of t.he treasures of the American Tlteatre". 
In Person ! 

CIVIC THEATRE SUNDAY, MARCH tTH. I:MPM 
TICKETS: '7 ,to - ... t - 5.01 ON SALE CENTER BOX OFFICE 

zt2 "C" STREET · ALSO ALL SEARS. HIGHLANDER'S 
MENS STORES AND TICKETRON OUTLETS PH Z3W5lt 

'.JI~ 2 Triton Times M~rch 1, 1'75 

CIIABTERS 
Alto 10 A.MSnIOAM, "USSfLS, I.HAND, 

'RANK'U~T-ZU~ICH '489 
AIIO Mono Kong 

291-8141 
o.r ,."" "- II "'. 

·D.l!.U!il! 
" .. ... '(' .. 1 ...... ' •• 

Moo.. V~""'1Id!I 
1333 c.Mto .. lie Seuth 

U., CA HICII 

Letters 
Student $$ Srwdna Meeti.-,g . 

An Open 'letter to-rll'UCsD -~udents: Each year, we, as students, 
pay a 5300 registration fee earmarked for Student Affairs programs. 
These prollrams ranlle from EOP administration to recreational 
athletics, Student Health Services to the College Deans. Presently, five 
students (The Third College seat is presently vacant.) sit on the Ad-
visory Committee on the Student Fee Prollrams that allocates the 52.6 
million . 

As student members of the committee, we are allocatinll your 
money. We are lIiven the responsibility of representing, not only our 
views, but those of our fellow students as welT. We are now in the midst 
of 1975·76 budget deliberations. We need your input ~ that student 
views and needs are reflected in the budget 

For this reason, we are holding a meeting for information exchange 
and discussion Tuesday evening at 7. o'clock in the downstairs con-
ference room in the Student Center. 

We understand that most students are totally unfamiliar With this 
process . At this meeting, we intend to present the budgeting process 
and tne main issues of this year's committee. Bring your questions and 
yourself to this important meeting. For further information, contact 
any of us at the student organizations offices, x4450. 
BARBARA WEINTRAUB, FOURTH COt LEGE REPRESENTATIVE, BOB 
SIMON, MUIR COllEGE REPRESENTATIVE, JIM MC GINNESS, 
GRADUATE STUDENT REPRESENTATIVE, JOHN ECKMAN, REVELLE 
COlLEGE REPRESENTATIVE, TOM LEANSE, STUDENT CO· 
CHAIRMAN . 

Third Is Admin. Token 
The existence of Third College is living testimony that the University 

does not discriminate against racial minorities-on paper. Third's 
existence is brought up by the university whenever the university i 
accused of racial discrimination. But Third, in general, is not 
recognized as a college by the Revelle-Muir administrative, faculty or 
student population a,s a whole. 

The QueHion is frequently asked "What coli ge are you in, Revelle or 
Muir?" If the student answers, " Third," the conversation is brought to 
an impasse with an "Oh" implying, "That's too bad," 

"Sure, we're not discriminatory," says the UC administration, but the 
reality of Third is living proof of the opposite. Third is located away 
from the pristine purity of Revelle and Muir, 'down by the sani·tainers.' 
Third's offices are located in a run down building similar to the out· 
dated public high school that you attended and are finally relieved to 
get out of. In contrast to the co lorful, well lit, modern offices of 
Revelle or Muir with their clean, white, and proper secretaries of the 
utmost efficiency, Third's offices are painted in nauseating high school 
green with the old push-open windows, and are staffed poorly, in 
keeping with Third's environment. Your footsteps echo in the desolate 
corridors of Third, a slum in the city of UCSD. 

"Sure, we'll let those niggers on campus," says the Revelle-Mu ir 
administrative complex, "But keep them away from us." So Third lives 
in obscurity on the ouskirts of the University, isolated and excluded. 
Third, while originally created with good intention, has become only a 
microcosm of the discriminatory attitude and practices of the white 
society; it has become only a token Black in the white UCSD com· 
munity. G. KANTOR 
10 S Trivial To Holocaust 

I wonder how long the Trit~n Times will continue publishing racist 
dribble under the catch·all of "free speech ." The latest display of 
bigotry was seen in the letter to the editor [Triton Times (eb, 26) in 
which Randy Erickson claimed that. by forcing students to buy picture 
ID cards, the University wants the students " to be good Jews going to 
the gas chambers." Erickson's implication that Jews are passive in the 
face of aggression is an overt racist slur. Modern-cay Israel proves him 
wrong. 

In addition, I vi w the analogy between the picture-ID issue and the 
holocaust as extremely insensitive and in poor journali tic taste. Wise 
men have struggled years trying to understand the moral implications 
of the murder of six million Jews ; its gravity ca n hardly be likened to the 
triviality of whether or not an ID card contains a photograph. 

I am disgusted with Erickson's obscene references, and cons ider the 
printing of such a letter inexcusable. CHIP ROSENFELD 

II 

Malcolm A. Smith, editor 
Edward E. Simons, managing editor 
John H. Taylor, city editor 
Joni Moody , copy editor 
Charles Heimler, editonal director 
Rick Rodewald, business manager 
Larry Deckel, arts editor 
Kirk Robinson, sports editor 
Tad Sperry, photo editor 
Kathy Coxe, secretary 

The Triton Times publishes Mon ., Wed., 
Fn', as an offici4l1y recognized publication 
of the ucSb Communications Board. In 
taking editorial positions, the Triton 
Times does not represent the views of the 
University, the Communications Board, 
or the student body . 

~1·I·ng And pretty nice, when you go for one of Sun Valley's corn snow skiing packages. One 
• 

package (MarCh 8 to April 6) 
ives you a lift pass for just 11 ~7 a day. (The regular rate is 

$10 per day.) The other pack-
age (March 29 to April 6) is a 
lodging and lift deal that 
gives you 7 nighls lodging 
and 6 days lifts for just $115. 
For information or reserva. 
lions. call toll-free: 1-800-
635·5316. Or write Sun Valley 
Company, Sun Valley, Idaho 

8335.1. 

New UC President ... 
C~tinued from P~Re 1 

to the Los AngE'les Times, many who were finally signed it. Saxon 
resigned instead, and accepted a part-time teaching post at the 
University of Southern California until the oath was declared un-
constitutional in 1953, when he return~ to Uc. 

Hitch Asks Committee 
To Bolster UC Budget 

NCW~ .. 
Continued from PaRe 1 

Saxon and UC5D 
It is not clear whether Saxon's appointment as president bodes well 

for UC's smaller campuses, including UCSD. It is known that Saxon wa 
not appointed to the presidency of the University of MIOne ota 
because he was thought to favor pouring resources into UM's larg t 
campus at Minneapolis, while the UM Regents wanted a president who 
would work to strengthen the' smaller, rural campuses . 

And sources close to Saxon are saying that the new president feels 
that limited resources, applied evenly over nine campuses, would 
weaken the system as a whole, and that Saxon will work f i rst toward 
man taining the excellence of UClA and UC Berkeley. 

However, Saxon is known to recognize and appreciate excell ent 
programs over weaker ones . After Saxon became vice-chancellor at 
UCLA, the journalism, speech, and physical education programs there 
IV!'re dropped (the latter two to re-emE'rge with altered formats), whll 
the phi losophy department had its sa lary levels bolstered by Saxon 
when offers from Harvard University and other schools threatened to 
oraw som of the department's better professors away 

Thus, UCSD, a small campus With many programs of national 
prominence, will be looking to Saxon expectantly in June, and when hE' 
~ops to work on the 1976-77 UniverSity budget later this year 

by Bob Heinen 
SACRAMENTO - uc last month 

presented their case for increased 
state funding before the Senate 
rinance ' Subcommittee . UC 
President Charl es Hitch 
presented what he ca lled a 
"fourth version of the University 
budget, a hard, slow-growth, 
realistic document which 
recognizes explicitly that sub-
stant ial recovery of momentum is 
not possible this year." 

Hitch addressed himself to his 
top priority list, wh ich asks for an 
additional $12.5 million The 
items on the list include the 
Riversid Blo Medical Sciences 
Program and the dental cllOi<;.s at 
Los Angeles and San Francisco 

At Ac Needs 52.8 Million 
Hitch stated that the af-

firmati v action prof?ram will 
requir $2.8 million ' The most 

'Trying to Grow' Important aspects of any af-
Vice-chancellor for AcademiC Affairs Paul Sa ltman, reached by the flrmativc action program drl-' 

rrlton TimE'S at hi home Sunday, said speculation regarding Saxon's attitude and commitment ~ and 
prtorltles " ar£' a concern to us (at UCSD) because we're trying to grow " thes(' do not not show up In the 
When a ked if hE' f",lt axon's appointment was a threat to smaller , budget .Other asp<;,c t s _however, 
(amPllSE'S , thE' vice-chancellor said he felt It was more Important "what do reqUire money, said Hitch 
tlw governor and thE' lE'gislature ar", gOIng to do With thE' budget th IS Governor Bro~n h-as approved 
\pa r "'I 

altman ~did hf' thlOks axon is " very concerned with the quality of 
"ducat Ion " 

Reg Fee Committee ... 
Continued from P~ge 1 
Student Employment 

Howev r, a problem has arisen concerning the finanCi ng of student 
(·mployment. The Question , wheth~r the office will continue to receive 
financial support from the reg fees, or whether it will be cut entirely 
and a major portion of It dutie shifted to the staff personnel office or 

~, h ether the office and the service will no longer be part of the UC an 
Diego campus, I under committee con ideratioo. " I don't see any way 
for the ~e rvice to be E' l im lOated," said Vice-chance llor and Dean of 
tudent Affair George Murphy, echoing the committee's current 
~entiment s 

Services conditionally accepted as the priority funding cluster in-
elude the Fourth ollege re ident dean, student health insurance, 
salary adjustments (to cover the 8.5 percent increase to state em-
ployees approved by Governor Brown)and enrollment shortfall (to 
cover a decrease in prOjected student enrollment Contained In the 
group to be .financed by the next $200,000 are : Counseling and 
Psychological Services, Fourth College's assistant college dean, Career 
Planning, recreational athletics, legal service and a student handbook . 
The handbook will be one of the very few new programs to be initiated 
next year 

The committee also proposed that industrial research, career 
planning testing and a portion of intercollegiate athletics (all money 
f'xcept that required to equalize funds received by men's and women 's 
sports) be deSignated last priority financing. 

Suppliment~1 Money 
The $400,000 to $570,000 to be appropriated by the committee is 

money that the Regents and the state legislature will hopefully provide 
to the UC campuses to supplement the available money supplied by 
the regist ration fee. The term "offloading" is given to ths process. It is 
the hope of the Reg Fee committee that $6.7 million in relief funds ill 
be forthcoming from the two sources, with UCSD receiving a minium 
of $400,000. 

Approximately $4 .2 million in UC money was cut by Governor 
Ilrown from next year's state budget . The reinstatement of this plus 
$2 .5 mill ion in educational fees, handled by the Regents, will comprise 
the offloading amount . The Ed Fee money "appears to be.forthcoming 
to the campu es," aid Murphy. But he added that "this makes for a 
o.tficu lt budgeting process as we are not sure how much money we will 
receive." 

Wi thout the addition of the offloading figure, the net amount 
available for allocation from the UCSD Reg Fee committee will be 
$263)30, resulting from $183,730 cut from last year's budget plus the 
projected new student income of 5120,000 (400 net students at 5300 
pach) minus a projected deficit of 540,000. 

The committee will resume considerations next week with com-
pletion of their budget due late this quarter or early in spring. 

Mission Blvd. near Grand In Pacific Beach 

$250,000 for Aff irmat ive Action III 
hiS proposed budget for UC 

The Lxtended University IS one 
o t two o ngoing UniverSity 
programs for which no fund are 
provided by the Governor 's 
budget. The University IS asking 
$1 .3 million to continue th 
program, in which some 1600 
students are enrolled. 

EARL Y GRADUATION! 
UCSD Summer Session can 
make it happen for you . 
Schedul of classes now 
available. 

101 Matthews Campus (second 
floor) 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.·S~t. 
8:45··5 :30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 . 

We've got. Ion or 'em, 

The world 's greatest 
selection under one roof. 
All the latest styles and 
fabrics. So what are you 
waiting for? 

Tom Delapp codirector of the 
UC Student lobby spoke befort' 
the subcommittee and dt'ff'noE'd 
Governor llrown's proposal to 
allocate $208,000 to replace the 
Sublect A fee, which student~ 
now pay Legislative analyst A 
Alan Post recommended that all 
state support for thiS item be 
eliminated. 

Committee ~enators Walter 
Stiern , lou Cusanovi h, David 
Roberti and FlOance Chairman 
Anthony Bellenson were con-
cerned about the Inept ability of 
University students In En glish 
CompOSition BE'den son 
questioned whether "st udents 
should be even taught Subject A 
at the University Why not have 
them attend Communit y Colleges 
to fulfill th e reqUiremenU" 

Aft er t he subcommlt t e 
meet ing, Delapp sai d, "T he 
legis lature is skept ical about 
fundlOg th is cour e wh en the 
problem of Ill iteracy should have 
been addressed at th e secondary 
level of educat ion " 

The second prlonty list IS 
haded by the capital budget 
Hitch stated that UC has trimmed 
$29 mil lion from Its Original 
reque t and i now ask 109 for 
$13 5 mill ion Deve lopment and 
construction o f College 8 at anta 

urban \prawl .lnd precludE' 
forCing honw owner~ to pay tor 
the publiC faCilities 

Council Oppo~ltlon to the plan 
w(1S VOICE'O by Maureen 
O'Connor , JE' ~~ Haro , leon 

WII"am~ and Mityor WII\Qn 
Wilson callC'd adapt Ion of thE' 
plan "a big mistake." ~ay i n!: It wa~ 
10 contradiction to thE' (lty plan 
for development of a morE' 
compact c ity and cont alOmE'nt o f 
urban sprawl HE' polntE'd out th at 
the development would (Q~t thE' 
city an added $2 ~ mil lion 
minimum III ~E'rV I C E' ~ , and If 
school construction ~houlo fa ll 
on the ci ty, an extra $28 to 1<; 
mill ion Th ese expensE'~ would be' 
passed from the land owne'r~ and 
deve loper~ to reSldE'nt S, driVing 
the co t of homE'S way LIP, maklO/.! 
the chances of a balalllE'd com-
munity highly unlikely ___ _ 

Cruz, the new library Addition at 
San ta Barbara and a IE'( turl-' hall 
at IrvlOe are "most nE'ces~arv lor 
the E'ducatlonal E'nt£'rpmf' and 
most urgent 10 terms of fire and 
elsmlc sa fety " Plannln!: for U( 
an Diego's Third and lourth 

Colleges was £11'>0 IOcludf'd In 
Brown's cutt ing of th capital 
budget 

~~ Everything New in 
Skis and Clothing 

FREDERICK'S SID &: HIKE 
O.tfltters 

7722 Fay A ve •• e 
La .Jolla 454.1410 

~now reports 454-2351 

BIT'S TIME THINK ABOUT 
OIlZ is Ad"~ORROW 

VISor b 
School won't last fore~t,. -Y .GOllrd H. 
graduation. You'll be out of the snell iSlIU ... _ . elld 
on your professional or business career. 

Often, irisn't easy, Always, it costs money, 
And there's nothing like a little nest-egg to help 

you over the early humps. 
That's why - right now - you should be saving 

at friendly La Jolla Federal. We iJay the highest interest 
allowed by law - thus assuring that your money 
will grow at a. surprisingly fast clip. 

Your account's insured to $20,(XX). And your 
money's available immediately in case of sudden need. 
Start savini for tomorrow - today. At friendly, 
dependable La Jolla Federal. 

We'll help you save for a sunny day. 

'~Ae 1 Triton Timet M.1rch 3, 197'; 



Season-Finaie 
Westerners Top Tritons, 67·60 

by DAve Ii.... Westerners won 75-59 and 83-69. inconsistent refer~~ng, tha~ took 
On a somew)lat incredible The crowd, one of the largest us out of the game, according to 

note, UCSD's va~ity basketball this year, was the rowdiest in Cunningham. 
tNm finished of\' their season recent memory. The battle had When the spectators weren't on 
with a 67-60 Io~;s to play-oH' one referee who UCSD coach their feet screaming at .. the 
bound USIU, Tues<lay night in the Barry Cunningham called players, coac~e~ and offICIals, 
Triton Gym. "horrible." One technical foul they were sItting dow'n and 

The game had nearly was called, and the evening yelling across the gym at each 
everything. It pitted the NAIA ended when a Triton fan stepped other. 
Southern Division 111 leaders, up to USIU coach Bob Klop- F~r the ~rit?ns, the ~ear ends in 
USIU and UCSO, which came in pen burg, and pun,hed him in the a dIsappoInting fashIon . There 
with respective 7-2 and 6-3 league mouth . will be no play-off~ ~c~use the 
records. In two previous meetings It was a well-played defensive team was declared ineligIble, due 
between the two squads, the game, marred -only b " ver to the ~se of non-student Mack 

Parker In two games. 

TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 

BOOK SALE 
OBSOLETE TITLES 

, 

-OUT-Of-PRINT BOOKS 

-OLD EOmONS 

MARKED DOWN FROM 
30% to 50% AND MORE 

SEE THE SPECIAL TABLE IN 
THE TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 

unlVfRSiTY 

Senior Joe Coit headed the 
Triton eHort with 19 points, 
followed Charles Auber and Steve 
Kircber with 11 . The Westerners 
effectively shut off the big UCSD 
guns, holding Paul Trainer to nine 
and George Calhoun to two. 
Trainer managed to outrebound 
USIU's 6'8" and 67" front line 
with 11. ' 

The game was close for 40 
minutes, with the Tritons actually 
taking the halftime lead, 28-27. 
The Westerners came out after 
intermission and outscored UCSD 
13-4, grabbing the lead and never 
letting go. Chester Hancock was 
the USIU sparkplug, - with 17 
points. 

The Tritons kept getting close 
late in the contest, then falling 
back. UCSD pulled within three 
twice in the final minutes, but 
controversial foul calls and an 
unusual basket interference 
violation aided the Westerners. 

Coach Cunningham com-
plimented USIU after game, but 
didn't do the same for the 
referees. 

" USIU is definitely the best 
team in the district . Most of them 
have been together for three 
years, and they execute extremely 
well offensively. They should do 
very well in the play-offs. 

ALL SALES ARE FINAL. 

" Th e refs were very i n-
consistent . In fact most of them 
have been that way all season in 
San Diego, and something will 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS have to be done about that for 
EXTENSION 3770 next season ." 

INNER CITY REPERTORY DANCE COMPANY 
WORKSHOPS 

THURSDAY, MARCH 6 
2-3 p.m. Technique Class 

North Balcony Main Gym 
3-4: 30 Catherine Denhum Technique 

(Afro-Cuban) North Balcony 
7: 00 Lecture demonstration 

Humanities-Library Auditorium 

FRIDAY, MARCH 7 
12:30-1 :30 Technique Class 

North Balcony 
3-4:30 Jazz Class - North Balcony 

1-9:00 

$1.00 
$2.00 

Choreography Class North Balcony 

••••••••••••••• 
ClASSES ARE LIMITED 
STUDENT, STAFF AND FACULTY 
GENERAL PUBLIC 

CALL 452·4037 INFORMATION 
Tickets available at Rec G 

Pap 4 Triton Times M.n:h 3, 1915 

A Time to Trike 
This Saturday, scheduled concurrently with Parents' Weekend, the 
R~.reation department will sponsor the 5econd annual Trike Race. 

Starting at noon at the Muir quad, the races will involve two riders 
to a team. The race will be run through the area of the Muir quad and 
out by the tennis courts. Several obstacles will be set for the riders . Last 
year, such deterrants included a water hole, sand and hay slicks. In 
order to make this year~'eVent more challenglng, several new obstacles 
have been devised. 

Last year, a total of 44 teams participated in the races, and it is 
hoped-that this year's turnout will be larger. Prizes will be awarded to 
the winning team on the basisof elapsed time. 

For those who would like to entier the race, your team must be 
signed up in the Rec . office by no later than Thursday, March (, at 
noon. 

Here, for all to see, are the official rules in a nutshell. 
1. One person must be seated on the trike at all times. The rider must 

have his or her weight on the trike seat at all times with the exeption of 
when trading positions. Feet must be place either above or below the 
handlebars, or extended out from the trike. 

2. Halfway through the race, the rider and pusher must trade 
positions. There will be a predesignated spot for the change to take 
place. Any ' change before or after the point will result in 
disqualification. 

3. Contestants · must follow the white chalk line. Any extreme 
deviation will disqualify the contestants. 

4 . All contestants must go through the obstacles set up by the race 
officials. Failure or refusal to do so also disqualifies the team . 

5. One team interfering with another will be disqualified 
If there are any questions about the race, see Harry in the Rec. Gyl!' . 

SDSU Nips Netters, 4·3 
The w0"1en's tennis team's 4-3 

loss to the San Diego State Aztecs 
betrayed the team's lack of 
consistency in its lineup: in short, 
the lower seeded players are not 
up to facing their opponents as 
the team's better netters. 

The lone Singles victor was Meg 
Siegler who ran away With her 
match, sweeping aside her op-
ponent, 6-2, 6-1 . The doubles 
teams fared better, as they took 

two out of three matches from 
State. The number one doubles 
team of Ruby Shamsky and Ellen 
Cates needed three sets before 
disposing of their rivals, 6-4, 3.f>, 
6-3. The team of Missy Tyson and 
Dana Wooster played consistant 
tennis in their 6-4, 6-4 victory. 

Altogether , co ach Chris 

Continued on PllI.e 7 

EXHIBITION 
& 

SALE 
OFFINEARTPRINTS 

PRESENTED BY THE 
UNDERGRADUATE ART GUILD 

featunng: ESCHER, DALI, PICASSO, 
VAN GOGH, GAUGUIN, MONET, 

RENOIR, WYETH, AND MANY MORE 
$2.50Iprlnt or 3 tor $6 22"x28" 

REVELLE PLAZA 
MARCH 3-7,9-5 DAILY 

Late ... 1 Zlg-Zegs 

Underground Theatre E~erges at UCSD 
by Jim Shipmllln 

"Drama has been under attack for the last ten or 
fifteen years," according to Howard Poyourow, visiting 
Associate Professor of Theatre Arts from the State 
University of New York . The underground theatre 
movements of the 1960's have challenged some very 
basic assumptions about drama. Some of the newer 
playwrights have been offering "alternatives" to linear 
plots, psychological character development, and to the 
traditional ' fourth-wall ' position of the audience. 

California when an inhabitant from a planet two 
galaxies rE'moved pays a visit. 

throughout the mod rn theatre. ThE'ir works per~onify 
an AmE'rica of rapidly shifting values " These plav .. carry 
a .. ense of "nowness," a <;ense of "what Irs like to bt, 
al ive in 75," that Poyourow wants to capturE' 

Poyourow i~ (')(cited about this production . "Megan 
Terry and Sam Sht'pard havE' generated great excitement 

SlIrrah Goss a"d Do"" Pep_bier i" sce"e from 
"Pro-Game" by Mega" Terry 

Out of the theatre, the director becomp<; Howard 
Poyourow, a visiting professor invltE'd to hf'ip I' tabli .. h 
UCSD's Master of Fine Arts (M~A) program HI~ only 
complaint so far is a lack of facilities for thE' Drama 
Departmpnt, but he characterizes the students in thE' 
program as "pxtremely firm, dedicated, and maturE' " HI' 
has' taught at the High Schoo1 for Performing Arts ill 
New York City, EmE'rson College in Boston, and was the 
Art ist in Residence for five years at UC Davis. 

M('gan Terry and Sam Shepard are two examples of 
undef!~round artists. They both !'\ow enjoy "in-
tE'rnational reputation~ as highly original and innovative 
playwrights." Director Poyourow has put together thrf e 
of thE'ir plays into a production he has titled LATERAL 
ZIG-ZAGS, and hE' promises an evening of "s ignificant 
frivolity" and pntE'rtainment . 

Tht' three plays are questioning established va lues, 
right down to where and how the audience ~i t s in 

. relation to the actors. Consequently, the interior of the 
UCSD Theatre is being redesigned for the show's 
opening March 7 .. Poyourow hopes to convey a sense of 
the " Iwightened vitality" lurking in the structure and 
dialoguE' of the~e plays. 

Thp first play in the ~erie s is "Pro-gamE''' hv ME'gan 
Terrv. It is all about watching pro football on TV ' a 
(omnwntary on thE' deadE'ning E'ffects of televiSion The 
Iwd play i~ "Calm Down Mother," also by Terry. 
"Mot hf>r" i~ it womE'n 's play The stream of con-

,('IOU~IH'~~ tt'chniquE' IS E'mployed to capture the 
" prp~encp of women in a male-dominated society." Sam 
Sh('pa rd '~ "ThE' Un~E'en Hand" completes the E'veni ng. 
1 h(' ,let ion hE're takes placE' in and around a '51 Chevy. 
,1Ilel Povourow is quick to point out that there will be a 
'Sl Chpvy in the theatre, ('ven if he has to uSt' a ' ')4 
Ch('vy to do it ! "The Un~N'n Hand," however, i~ 110t 
,lbout vintagf> (,h('vy~ ; it is about thE' pvent~ ill A/lI .. a, 

Records: John Taylor 

Blood on flte Tracks 
Bob Dylan's Blood on the Tracks follows a series of two records 

recorded with The Band, one in the studio and one live. The Band 
works well with Dylan, perhaps because their delivery when they 
accompany him is as caustic as his, or perhaps because it is just a litt le 
sarcastic vis-a-vis Dylan himself. 

The new album is not recorded with The Band, but rather with Eric 
Weissberg and Deliverance, which makes for a warm sound with a lot 
of guitars strumming quietly on both tracks, though it is a sound 
without much personality. Dylan has always enjoyed being the center 
of attention. 

The songs are good, but Dylan 's songs are always good in the 
context of popular music in general. The strongest is 'You're Going to 
Make Me Lonely When You Go,' which is full of traditional images of 
green grass and the sky above, but which transmits more real feeling 
for me than the rest ofJhe album, indicating that Dylan is perhaps a 
better optimist than a critic of society and human beings . ' Idiot Wind' 
IS Dylan the cri ti c, and it is full of very Dylanish howling beasts and 
priests in black on the seventh day, a la 'Desolation Row,' which do not 
mean as much to me as lines where Dylan drops the confusing images: 
" I haven't known peace and quiet for SO lon&ll can't remember what 
it 's like." 

We also have the basic Dylan story song, Lily, Rosemary and the Jack 
of Hearts, which is like his dream songs of years ago only in that the 
writer now ties up the loose ends, and presents us with somewhat real 
characters : "Big lim was no fool - he owned the town's only diamond 
mine." The song involves lily, Rosemary and Jim wrapped up in a 
romantic intrigue, wh ile thv Jack of Hearts apparently robs the safe and 

Continued on PllI.e 7 

The unoffiCIal Fly wfth ut lor 
slate bird, PSA, has a song to eleven cities. 
more flights connecting W8nttocalch a PSA Grinning-
northern and southern Cali- bird? Thafs NSy. ~ catch 
lornia than "yother au:line. UP ¥.'ith your cam1'tls rep. 

...... ,.. .... 

An experienced actor himself (performing under the 
stage name of Howard Roy), Poyourow has performed 
with. many leading professional companies in this 
country, "ranging from the traditional to the avant-
garde New York's Open Theatre, San Francisco's 
Committee Theatre, the American Shakespeare Festival, 
the APA Company, and others." 

About acting itself, Povourow believes that it is the 
"ability to be unselfconscious" which has to be 
retrained in the actor. "Actors must imaginatively in-
volve themselves in an imaginary situation, which in 
turn involves the audience." People become actors for a 
variety of reasons, but Poyourow thinks most actors 
have three traits In common : "They have a need for 
love, they have a part of themselves which is strongly 
outgoing and they'rE' willing to share it, and they like to 
pretend " However, it is the intensity of the actor's 
involvemE'nt with his role that makes a play successful 

LATERAL ZIG-ZAGS will be presented March 7-9 and 
12-16. One should not miss the chance to witness thE' 
violence, sexua lity, and humor in these plays. Poyourow 
has two questions about his production, namE'ly "What 
are we trying to communicate?" and " Does it com-
municate?" We should all take the opportullity to 
ilnswer those questions for ourselves. 

On Stage at Third 
The Third College Activities Committee has 
ponsor~ an activity ca lled "On Stage at Third ." 

"On Stage at Third" is a bi-monthly event which 
uti li zes the talents of UCSD students to entertain 
the UCSD community. Any individual or group 
having talent is encouraged to sign up at the Deans 
Office at Third College. Some areas of en-
tertainment m;ly be dancing, singing, playing a 
musical instrument, poetry/ prose reading, karate, 
juggling, etc. 

If you weren 't in attendance la~t Thursday, you 
rea lly missed an outstanding performance by the 
Henoelani dancers . It was a wet Thursday, but you 

wouldn't know it by the poise and talent that those 
performers possess. They captured and held their 
audience for a full hour of entertainment. 

"On Stage at Third" is presented Wednesday 
March 6, in front of Matthews Campus Cafeteria 
from 12 noon to 1:00 p .m. 

The performance on March (, will last 1-1/2 
oours. The Pasacat Dancers will be performing. 
They are a Fili pino Dance group comprised of 
UCSD students and other students from the 
community. Also performing will be Jan Bejar, 
playing thp Ituitar and harmonica. . 

Pap S Triton TlIMI Man:h 1, 1975 



'.Je (, Triton Times M.rch 3, 1'75 

Keep' Off 
There are these neat trees 

down by the gym, sort of near 
the corner of the Grey Hall 
parking lot. They're the best 
trees on campus. Some kinda 
weirdo eucalyptus I think . 
They're really good at night in 
the fog with that dumb light 
behind them. It'S real eerie. I like 
to stop and step off into the 
grove and peer around the 
trunks and up through the 
branches. Its so damn eerie. I 
can't stand it . I sorta lose myself 
and dream of all kinds of things. 
Till see the lights in Urey Hall : 

It 's such a pretty grove. Even 
during the day. There just aren't 
any trees like 'em anywhere. 

But, lately I feel bad about 
stepping off the sidewalk . rhe 
grass never did grow too well. It 
doe'>ll't get too much sun and all 
those neat leaves are always all 
over it. Everybody's killing it! 
They're trampling a path right 
between those great trees. You'd 
think they could walk around I 
mean its real nice to be in , but, 
you can 't just walk through it. 
It's kmda pecial. Worth walking 
around so ya don't mess it up. 
Especially with all the asphalt 
already there. There's no reason 
not to walk around. 

Th y're always in such a 
damn hurry to get to some 
stupid lass. And it won't even 
start on time. And then they 
either fall asleep or ask some 
stupid jerk que tion . But , they 
keep walking through the trees, 
wearing in a wider and wider 
path . Stupid jerks really blow 
meout. 

I checked it out the other day. 
I was right behind some jerk 
when we came out of the gym 
and headed toward the Revelle 
Cafeteria. Instead of walking 
along the mud rut that scars the 

grass there now, like he did, I 
walked around. On the cement . 
And damn if I wasn't about ten 
feet behind him when he had to 
stop back on the cement again . 
Hurt me. 

I do it sometimes. I'm tooling 
along after some class and the 
next thing I know I am tromping 
across some corner of a planter 
somewhere. And for what? 
Nothing. Cause some third 
grade teacher told me that the 
shortest distance between two 
points is a straight line and don't 
waste time. I've been cutting 
corners like a madman ever 
ince. 

It kill s the grass. And makes It 
all so ugly There must be a 
million little' grubby paths 
around here All ugly. Damn 
jerk:. I:verytime I see a path I 
see anothN way around. On the 
cement What 's the point' 

I r('ally wonder if there is even 
one hour saved on this campu 
over an entire year by all the 
jerks and their damn muddy 
paths. No one was ever not 
lat , or more on time cuz he 
took a path instead of the 
cement 

I was sitting among ' those 
trees the other night. I just sat 
on my heels and stared at the 
muddy rut peo~!e had worn into 
the grass. Where it was high and 
dry, the mud was packed hard 
with the last remaining grass 
permanently pressed into it, like 
a last specimen pre erved in 
cement . But, down by my trees, 
it doesn't drain well. I could see 
the gym light reflected in the 
water collected in the bottom of 
a lug-soled footprint . I thought 
lug-soled boot wearers cared 
about things like grass and 
pretty places. Damn phonies . 

SHARE THE RIDE 
WITH US THIS 

VACATION 
AND GET ON 

TO A GOOD THING. 
Us means Greyhound, and a lot of your fellow students 
who are already on to a good thing . You leave when you 
like . Travel comfortably . Arrive refreshed and on time . 
You'll save money. too. over the increased air 
fares . Share the ride with us on weekends . Holidays . 
Anytime . Go Greyhound . 

GREYHOUND SERVICE 
ONE- ROUND- YOU CAN YOU 

TO WAY TRIP LEAVE ARRIVE 
los Angeles 56.51 512 .37 4:00 pm 6:20 pm 
Long Beach 55.71 510.85 3:30pm 5:45 pm 
Santa Barbara 510.72 520.37 3:30pm 10:20 pm 
Fresno 516.23 530.84 5:00 pm 2:20am 
Riverside 56.77 512.86 12:15 pm 2:35 pm 
Ask your agent about additional departures and return tripS . 

GREYHOUND AGENT 
120 WEST BROADWAY 239-9171 

GO GREYHOUND 
... BIII""" dl'tllnllta III -

The Grass photo essay hy t~ BIeN .. TM T ... Contin~ from '.Re S stabs Jim in the back with a penknife It I~ a pallicularly \\·,, 11· constructed song. 
Still sitting there among the 

trees watching that damn mud, I 
remembered the paths through 
the forest . Everytime I walk to 
Central library there's a new ' 
path . And there are more 

about cool things like ecology 
and preservation and how ugly 
the campus is and all that shit 
and then take every half assed 
path around here. Piss me off 
backwards. I'll bet they kick 
dogs and steal candy from small 
children . Who's gonna save the 
world? Their values are still so 
screwed up we'll never make it 
no matter how much they talk . I 

sat at lunch with some folks, 
and we discussed ecology. Man 
as a mere member of nature and 
all. later I watched half that 
group cut across an ivy bed to 
get to a class. This just-one-
member-of-an-ecosystem crap 
people get so hyper about is 
such bullshit . If they can't relate 
to the forest or the grass how 
they gonna save pelicans? 

The rest doesn't impress me much except for 'TanglE'<! Up in BllIt',' .1 
Cordon Lighfoot-type ballad about a man and a red-h.wt>d won1.ln 
narrated in the first person until the last verse, when the .narrator ~It'p, 
back and confuses the issue by insE'rtlOg a "11(''' with the " ht'r" .1nd 
" me " I couldn't figure out what was going on, though the ~ong " It'ry 
pleasant. 

starting beside it and along the 
way you have a choice of a half 
dozen routes. Every goddamned 
jerk thinks he's got a better way. 
And they keep wearing them all 
in, til ·the leaves are gone and 
then it rains and the little gullies.----------....,..--------------~ 

Pete Hamill's liner notes, which are trite and ~illy. mmpare Dvl.lI1 
The Poet with William INtler Yeats. a comparisort Ihal i~ ntwly· 
criminal : Dylan, in Blood on the Tracks, communlcate~ very littll' 
poeticallv through images. or choice of words. or as a result 01 t I'll' 
careful and painful process of polishing language that Yeats pracIlll'd 
Dylan communicates real feeling here only when he forget~ 11'1,11 11t' 
thinks he's a Poet. 

start . Stupid jerks. 
I don't want them to cut down 

any trees for the second step of 
the student center. But, sitting 
there watching the light in that 
muddy path, I started to wonder 
If it'll matter. The jerks'li wreck 
that forest soon enough with a 
couple a hundred stupid pathes. 
Thev've already started. 

I can't figure the jerk students 
and faculty around here . 
Maybe they're stupid. God, 
maybe they enjoy It. I dunno. I 
saw one guy who really got off 
on trampling through some poor 
bush. He reallv smashed it. 

It rea lly killed me when I saw 
one of those stupid little 
building and grounds trucks 
cutting a goddamn path across a 
lawn . The grass was soggy. That 
6" deep rut may never heal. 
Damn . I wonder if they even 
noticed There was a muddy 
path where that swatch of 
asphalt now runs between Urey 
Hall and the gym. And one 
under the asphalt strip south of 
Muir Commons. ' One through 
the grove of trees is enough . I 
hope they don't pave over 
everything. 

I'm getting sick of all the 
phonies around here who talk 

State Edges Tritons 
Continued from P.ge 4 

.Mattson said she was 'pleased 
with the way the girls performed.' 
She stated that UCSD could have 
presented stronger line-up for the 
match, but several of her top 
players missed the match . 

Coming up for 11 of the 20 
members of the team is the ""-
Cal tourney this Friday and 

Saturday at UC Irvine. Coach 
Mattson commented that 'a ' 
couple of players could do well , • 
but the team is not strong enough 
as a whole to win the tour-
nament .' After the AII-Cal , the 
team plays several away matches ' 
before returning to play Palomar 
College here, April 4. 

THE SOCIALIST 
ALTERNATIVE 

A lecture by Herbert Marcuse 
I'ollowed by small discussion groups 

MONDAY,MARCH 3, 
8 p.m. 

REVELLE CAFETERIA 
Sponsored by the Socialist Forum 

T:,e Church of COn>ervation 
Invites You To Be An 

ORDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR Of NATUREPEDKS 

Our fast growing church I 
ctively seeking environment 
oncious new ministers wh 

lieve what we believe Ma 
hould exist in harmony wit 
ature. We are a non-structure 
aith, undenominational . With n 
raditional doctrine or dogma. 

efits for min isters are . 
1. Car Emblem and Pocket 1.0. 
2. Reduced rates from man 
tels, motels, restaurants , ca 

ental agencies, etc . Ou 
i rectory I ists over 1,(XXl prestig 
stablishments extending an 
utomatic cash discount . 

3. Perform marriages, baptisms, 
funerals and all other ministerial 
functions. 

4. Start your own church and 
pply for exemption from 

property and other talles. 
Enclose a free-will donation for 

he minister's credentials and 
pocket license. Your ordination is 
recognized in all 50 states and 
most foreign countries. 

CHURCH OF CONSERVATION, 
BOX 37S,· MARY ESTHER, 
FLOttIDA 32569. 

. ThelawsofNatureare ~ 
universal. They are @ 
the same throughout l8J 

. creation. This allows 
the development of 
objective science. The 
same is true of the 
laws of Consciousness. 
They are the same In 
everyone, though each ;E 
of us Is unique. By 
applying these laws 
Arica has developed CD 

Are 
••• ri .. Q~~DJ 
conscious, scientific 0 
evolution, teaching us C-
to discover and wit-
ness these laws oper-~ 
atlng within ourselves.~ 
open hou~e Wedne~day 

evening~ . ....••. 8 pm 

Arica Institute 
2900 6th Ave. 
San Diego Ca. 

92103 
(714) 296-3322 

It Sounds 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ 

lHE EXORCIST IN 51 MINUTES 

At T1Iat StM', The 403 r ... c.. Act.-
_ .... I..,.. "- The ..... 

You Cln do it, too. So fir over 550,000 other people h.ve done it. People who 
hive different jobs, different lOs, different interests, different educltions h.ve 
completed the course. Our grldu.tes .re people from III Wilks of life. These 
people hive III tlken • course developed by Evelyn Wood, I prominent 
educ.tor. PractiCilly .11 of them It least tripled their relding speed with equ&1 or 

thing-the place to leern mC're .bout it is .t • frM speed rMding IlIIOn. 
This is thl seme course President Kennedy Nd his Joint Chiefs of Stiff tlke. 
The stiff of President Nixon completed this cour. in Ju".1970. The lII'IIe one 
Senttors Ind Congressmen hive t.ken. 

better comprehension. Most h.ve incrused it even more. . Come to I Mini-LlIIOn Ind find out. It is frM to you end you will INIIe with I 
Think for. moment whit th.t melOs. All of them-even the slowest-now rnet bet1er understlnding of why it work •. One thing th.t might bother you Ibout 
.n lVer. novel in IISI th.n two hours. They reid .n entire issue of Time or your rNding speed is thlt someone might find out how slow it is. 'The 
Newsweek in 36 minutes. They don't skip or skim. They reed flYery word. They instructors .t the Evelyn Wood RNding Oynemica Fr .. Speed RNding ..", 
use no machines: Insteed, they let the m.terill they're relding determine how will let you keep your secret. It'. true we prletic. the first step to improved 
fast they rod. And mlrk this well: they actually underst.nd more, remember reeding.t I Mini·Lesaon Ind we will incrHlt your reeding speed on the IPOt, but 
more, .nd enjoy more th.n when they reid slowly. That's rightl They the results will rern.in your leeret. PI.n to .ttend • fr .. Mini-L..,n .nd I." 
underStind more. They remember more. They e~joy more. You can do the seme thet it is possible to reid 3·4·5 tim. fister, with comperable comprehension. 

...------SCHEDULE OF FREE MINI·LESSONS---------. 
You'll increase your reading speed 
. 58 to 1." on the spot! 

In La Jolla· 
La Jolla Villa.e Inn 

In Mission Valley . 
950 Hotel Circle 

l·5 at La Jolla Villa.. Drive 4 and 8 pm MON-THURS 
Master Hosts Inn 

-

March 3· 7 
~-------,-----EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS=======_-J~ ____ ...J 



i········· .. ·············································································what's happening·: 
: notirae Studenta muet cIeer or - gym R_reh WrhI... • Communlcellone StvcIent·Feculty QJecu.lon: Wt.t.. I.e Club ........... M.reh •• I • 10 pm : 
• I~ lock_byFRIDAY.MARCH21."__ ,. Cou ... Code DaIO Profweor the R.n.I ••• nce E"uc.tlo.1 W.... AL1.M ..... wllbe.tlown.1JII1 • 
• by p-..tlne SprI ... Querter ID cerd8 M.ry Johneon Th. 11:00 . 1:10 APM Mlreh I. I pm .. .".... Fonnel Lou..... • 
• It equipment ce ... lint Zl2II3171 Retreehm.nu wUI be HIWII. lipon. COMMITTEE TO KEEP KLEINBERG • iPoetrv ...... ne. W.... M.r. I. c.rt .orecI by Revelle P",-rem Board'l"' mMte W .... Merch I et I pm In Muir TV • r-oet• Itch. Cntr. L,.." pm 13111 Prof. B.nnette Ju"'ROMtte will be In MEEDED: Any Info concernl ... CHILD Prof...." B.rt N .... from UC Irvine. loun... All Inter.lt.d perlonl. 
C I COL-ADO ~ ._ ...... -k. the Women'l Center for •• rown ... CARE .v.I ...... to U.C.I.D. IHlIIo.... KAFKA UND GOETHE Un Germenl Frt. welcomo.I3II1 •• -- ~- ..........- Lunch .t 12:011 on Wed or Thure. Con- peOple. P..... cell The Wom.n·1 I ,. IncIudee I 1/2 doW IIfte condo'. teet Women'l Center for definite dote. t:enter4lZ.211Z1.11/11 M.reh 7.12:00 Rev .... Informal Lou.... T,.___.nteI Medltetore: There will • w/kltch.n.. round trip tren· X2IIZI13111 11m be .n ecIvencod meed... .nd .roup : 
.... rllltIon. .. wII ecCIlPt dopCIIIte thru GAY STUDENTS: There .. now I Gey IM4ItetIon Wed. M.reh I .t 7 pm In • 
."...,. MonIh 7. For "'oro Info come to A COUfGE UFE INSU .. ANCe COM. Phone line on cempue for women .nd f."lms ... k. Cont. Room IN •• t to T.T. offIcel .• r ....... R .. GYIII.1J/7I PAN' r.pr.l.nt.tlv. will b. In. -. Intom.1Ion. probleml. etc. Juet For Info. Joe "Ioker ..... or ... 
IVOCATIONAL INTEREaT SU .. VEYI: tervIewt ... on compgl Wed Morehlfor _nt101O.1_.., 11171 1 •. II.I.M.I.I 11111 : 

.Cou ....... for ~ .nd co-. :::"':.!:t ~ I='!~I::':. ~~ Studentl who ore 101dntl CtIII .loIogy The film "Code .Iu." win be p~ GAY STUDENTS MEETING. Mon. : 

.Mon .... T_ 2-1. ~ H.L J.nnle c._P .. nnl ...... MC ... /11 "IC thIe eprt ... quorter moy enroll bv I.A.T.C.H. All pr •. m.dl .re M.rchl. 7:00 Rev .... FORMAL Lou"" . • 
• MurNY. ActIng Collette Doen. Hu.h ..... oncurr.ntly In the Cell .Iology welcome end eneoure.... to .ttend. W. NEED .ttendanc •. SHORT meetI ..... 
:,. .... Ph.-D.IIIMI ".elng .n Indlvlduol In Educallon" Laboretory. Biology 112. II1I1 Thure. nlte. I:. pm. L,... Confer. Rm. 11/11 : 

-~ 11111 e-" CLINIC: Cou........ on ".uol HEREI Cont.I ...... 21; Semlnor G; code PROCTER & GAMBLE IN· TT NEWWRITERS . I would luet love to • 
problem.. Wed. 1·1 pm; R.v.lle -; M 7·1Opm; PL 1111. Lecturee. TERNATIONAL DIVIIIONS In· _ vou .lIet the rIIIulor newt meetI ... I 
ecOUneelore Offlc. lne.t to the Rev. ..eedl.... & M .. nlngfal cltecueelone. tervlewl ... on compul Tueedoy. Mereh W .... M.reh I"Dom.IM end Hyater.... tomorrow It' pm In the regu"r office. • 
eprovoet Offtcel. Judith Jorgeneen. ... A ...... · HII C.I. dept. I1111 4. Seekl: MS. PhD In moet mol.,. for In F.rromognetlc M.terloll·· 12 7* Jr. (II 31 • ~.D.·Hu.h Pa .... Ph.D. 131141 hom. c'JUntry .mplOyment limited to Urey He" 11111 I. he • 
• GERMAN 11 SPRING QUARTER WILL nollono" of M •• lco. Japen. .nd The Co-Op meetl... Mon. : ..t t • 
:NEEDED: VoIu",,- to bobvait durtng MEET M W F 12.1 HII ROOM _ Phlllppl_ who will be returning to Stud.nt C.nter. a .. G Coordln.tor .: 
.Women·1 film ..... Sprtne Ouen. their hom"'nd upon gredu.llon. Appte ....... the bee.t .nd children" will b. nomlnollone. plu . ... 11/31 
eTu •• d.y. from I :OOpm· 12:00pm. If If VOU need 4 unite of credlt.nd .re • & Info.tC.rearP .. nnl .... MC3D2. (3/31 .hown TuM.. March 4. at 1:00 pm In the CthSTUDENTS: M .. t with 3rd .tudente : 
.Intoree"". coli Women'. Center 412· Junior or I.nlor Int_ted In tutorl... • Revel.. C.fet.rte. Spon.orod bv Phi to pion ne.t Balh .nd 10lk .bout living • 
!- 11111 lower dlvl.lon M.th or Sc"nce cou.... Om ... Alpha D.lte Sorortty .nd It'. on M.tthewa C.mpul. 7 PM. Tu... • 
-- lectures frill (3/31 3/4. Matth.w. C.mpul Student • 
• ~I HEAVENLY VALLEY M.r. 23-28 c.1I a.rba,. or Chlte It OIl" Offlc. Cent.r. (1/31 • 
• IOuenar break) I 11ft tick .... 1 nit.. 412·3111) or come to Bldg . ., MC for • 
:Iodgl ... . .... On .. Ie .t Student morelnfo. 13n/ me' etl"ngs SAILING TEAM MEETING WED . : 
.Center M·F. 1-". 12·1 or c.11 413-1317 Or. Tullo H.lpertn. prof_or of hlsto,\, MARCH 6. 4:00·5:00 PM. P.E . • 
• (1171 0 .. 1. I. ott.rlng .peed reeding • • tudv .t UC a.rk.l.y .nd Or. J.'m. Alozrekl CIe .. room. Importlntl (3/61 • 
• skills. not.· tlklng cl..... Spring of UCSD Lit. D.pt. will dl.cu .. "Tha • 
• N_ CI ... : Blo. 1. • Evolution. QUlrt.r. All groupe will blllin .econd Frontl.r In Arg.ntln . ... tod.y.t 3 pm in Flnta.y .nd Scl.nc. Fiction Club HORSEBACK RIDING CLUB . MEETING • 
• Ecology. & Hum.nl.m. Prof. w .. k of Qu.rt.r. For InfO on when Ind 1&25HL In ... miner .pon.orad by the m .. tlng. Mon. M.rch 3. LOUNGE 3/5; 4:00 REC. GYM CONF. ROOM . • 
: Kr_nberg. Info ou .. ,d. bio. offlc. • where to .Ign UP. c.1I Chlta .t 412·3780 Proj.ct in lberl.n .nd Latin Amerlc.n Conf.renc. Room In Studant C.nt.r. PLEASE COME. DEFINITE PLANS FOR: 
• Benner H.II. 13/31 or com. to Bldg. 2IiO MC (3-71 Studi ... (3/ 31 Topic: Writing Scl.nc. Fiction. (3/31 NEXT RIDE. (3/51 • 
• •• : •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ····················advertisements for ourselves·: 
• • • 
• • • : for sale BOSE 901 DIRECTI REFLECTING H.ppv 20th · R.dlcel MORGAN. Hop. ROOMMATE WANTED: F.m.l. non· Found: Gold chok.r n.ckl.c. with 3. 
• SPEAKER SYSTEM WITH EQUILIZER. thl. blrthd.v donn't crllt. too m.ny .moker .tudent N.w furni.hed condo b •• d. In Gvm long lock.r. on W.d. F.b . • 
• .32527t-1830 (3m f!.'Il.ct'J/ir·ng ••. From on. of the trio . nIIr UCSD. Share room Uti/ mo. plu. 21. L.url •. 469.MOI to id.ntlfv (3 / 31 : t L ••••• n .uto for .10 p.r month. ;ulI utll. 463-1936 (3 /51 • 
• ... In.trum.n .. SR·SO· • • w. cen beet m.lnt.nonc • . no mll.g. charg • . 224- Flv: G.t buzz.d on vour B·d.v Qu.ck. APARTMENT TO SHARE (mel., Fur. LOST·2-24-76 ON REVELLE 4 KEYS ON • 
• Inv I.td prlc • . QUICK d.llv.ry. 2 yr. 7145 evel. 279-8031 (3/51 Broccoli. & Lightw"ght. (3/31 LEATHER STRING REWARD X·8722. 
eIIuerant ... B.rt 412·" 13114/ . nished. 2 b.droom . CI.lrmont (8 mi. LARRY (3/31 • 
• HP 45 ch .. p. 413-2520 D.v. or .v.nlng TAFFY: YOl.! m •• n more to m. than vou south of c.mpusl non-smoker; M.rch • 
"EO ZEPPELIN CONCERT: Bllt Hlte or.15 Argo Hell (3/51 r •• llzl. I lov. vou. BUTCH. (3/31 21.lO/mo p.r p.rson. Th.ne 270-2!i80. Lost R.d Ply Sci Notebook In M.C. 201 . : 
"or ell.hOWe . Sen Diego. lonll B .. ch m &431. Norm.n452·2433 (3/61 IfFound Stev.462·1734 (3 / 31 • 
• nd FOrum. -"31415 (31121 14 Ft OUTBOARD BOAT. SEATS FIVE. Muir R .. ,d.n" B_.r. PlggV wlggy F.m.l. Went.d: Cozv Hou .. In En. LOST: Light Gr"n Splrel NotebOOk. 
• 40 H.P. Rec.ntly returnllhed. W/ trail.r h .. pl.c.d " moonduat" atop the fir. clnlt .. n •• r I1Ioonlight B.ech. Mu.t b. with not .. from Math lB. Frenk. Lind •• 
.,0 Spe.d Men'. Blk.. 1 vr. old. *III 4fi2.~. Frank (3/31 .I.rm • . Wetch out fOr black IIgh ... end .tabl. .nd crlltlv.. Ilk. p.... ... H. at 462 ..... (3/31 : 

~/g.ne,..tor light'" or bllt. 463-1638 don't for.et to w •• h vour h.nd.1 110/month. OWN room. 41. Silvie St. • 
:(3151 'U Suzuki 120 Fin •• haP' .., or b •• t F.llow R .. ld.nt (3 /31 (3/31 Found: Soclel Security C.rd J.m ••• 
• offer. Cemill. 48-2217 l •• v. m .... g.. Gregory D.vld.on T.T. Box (3/31 • 
- (3/31 4 d.v I.t. Prl.clll.·· I'm sorry· H.ppy APARTMENT TO SHARE (mll.1. • 
... ~ CAMARO SS 3110. n_ 'S1.7 motor. Blrthd.v .. Ar. the 01' und.r.rm. fr .. h Furni.h.d. 2 b.droom . CI.'rmont er.a Found: Wetch in 4th floor loung. of • i Hurst 4 .peeds. HolI.y 4 berrel.. 1'73 TM Suzuki. ported. PatI· • . pl •• tlc & cool1 (3/3) I) Bilk. H.II. W.dne.dev mornlnll. CI.lm • 
• h.ld.rs. PS. PB. AC. chrome rims. wid. tank. Konl· •• I.ngthen.d .wing erm. non·.mok.r: .1.01 mo. (2 p.op. in Triton Time. offlc • . (3/31 . • 
.tlr ... . tc ... 760 firm. 481·1663 .venlnll" av.llebl. M.rch 21 . Th.n. 270-2580; • 
• 3/7) M25.00. m ·3029. (3/31 E.J .S .. H.ppv Blrthdev tod.v. b.clu.. Norm.n 462·2433 (3 /121 Lost R.d Poly Sci Notebook In M.C. 201 : 
• Glb.on R.v.rb & (21 12" J.n.en ::,m~rr~ f w~n't b. h.;. until ~d FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEOED TO If Found St.v.462·1734 (3/31 • 
:16 Triumph Spitfire. '(7 Solid motor. Sp •• k.rs in c.bln.t with 40 watt .mp. o~. t .. to b. e our·Yllr 0 SHARE BEAUTIFUL 3. BEDROOM • 
fII- top .nd plint. good Int.rlor. run. Nlld •• om. work. MS. J.ff. 452.901' g.mu •.. S" Vou tonight. C.G. (3/3) HOUSE IN DEL MAR FOR SPRING • 
• ood. fun to drlv • • good mil .. ".. .. (3/31 Wak.v.Wakey Girls: Ph.n.uf I. QUARTER. 756.8548 (3 /31 services: 
:r trad • . 481 ·16&3. (3nl .nough: Suit. R.v.ng •• h.1I be ours. B •• u. Oc •• n Front CondO. N.M.B. on • 
• Gibson E. 335 . V.ry old and In Br.wst.r .nd the McCloud (3/3) • 
eSENATOR 10 SPD BIKE. 9 MONTHS .xec.lI.nt condition · w ith c ••• $300. Boardw.lk. Own room. util. p.,d. leun. Tun. up •. lub •• nd 011. brek ••. minor. 
-aLD. MO. · 463-5195 · AFTER 4 PM. (3/31 Ev.ning. 583-8910 (3 /31 f.c .. g.rage. prlvacv. 133.00 276-6338 r'Pllr. low prlc •• . lIood work. Mlk •• 
• (3 /71 462·1'12 (3/51 • 
"'ANSEN SURFBOARD 6'3". exc.lI.nt wanted . . : 
· cond . • 36.00. 272·3504 .v ••. (3/81 personals Young I.dy n .. d.d to r.nt room in Incom. T.x . DI.eount .tud.nt •. Stiff . • 
• house n •• r bav Pvt. Ent. $86/ mo $66 f.culty . 766-8Z28 .ft.r4 pm (41141 • :r,Ck• t for " B.witch.d" . M.r 7. S •• t A· IIIEED EXTRA CASH1 Pevlng Top DolI.r d.po.'t "1TT7 Rlvi.r. Or. P.clfic B •• ch • 
• 11. Co.t $5 . •• 11 $4. Phil 7'53-4362 .v... BRUCE . H.PPV Birthdev. Thl. i. "ood for vour U.S. Silv.r COins mlnt.d b.for. (3 /31 RESEARCH AIOS . Cln.da·s I.rg\,.t • 
• 3/31 for on. p.rsonal In the Triton Tim... 1964. Ken 462·9325 (4/4) M/ roommat. n .. d.d for 2·b.droom .ervlce. FOr c.tllogu ••• nd .2 to: E ... y : 
:C tt 0 H' (3/31 .pt.. L.J . Vill.g. I. n •• r pool. (78.75 plus S.rvlc ••• 67 Sp.dine Av... No. 208 . • 
• ...... .ck. Ita chi. Sup.r fin. Subject. n .. d.d for phon.tlci .x· utilltl .. I462.9903. aft.r 8 p.m. (3/51 Toronto. C.n.d.. Cempu. r.pr ••• n . • ~und. LISt $140. H.rdly u •• d. Yours fo r p.rim.nts. $2/ hr. S •• wnz et 3121 P & L tatlv.s required. Pl .... writ • . (1/81 • 
• 
:::ro buckl. Guy 452. ·9819 13/31 K: Tho .. gr.v .v .. th.t .dorn VOur f.ce or c.1I X2537. (lnd) R 0 • 

Ar.gullty of thO un.xp.ct.d ch.ng. of LIVE IN BEAUTIFUL DEL MA Y UR • 
:61 V.W. Good condition: Ov.rh.ul pIce OWN ROOM FOR JUST .80/ mo. TYPISTS: IBM. T.rm pep.r / • 
•• ngln • • IIkin" $750. AI.o. bllutiful Thll+ recently thi. h .. rt luff.r.d. NEEDED: P.rt. tlm. .I.ctronic. AUSTIN OR KEN 755-2280 (3 / 31 th .... /dl ... rtetlon./ etc. • 
.upright pleno. .xc.lI.nt condition . Admit you·v. b •• n w.rn.d: t.chnicl.n and dr.ftsm.n. Work r.l.t.d Edltlng/ RUSH JOBS/X.rox. Andl: 463- • 
• For S.I. bv Own.r 4BR. 2 BA. speclou. • 
. hOW .bout t660!276-3221 Anytlm • . (3 /51 Mv p.rson.lludg.m.nt ha. rul.d to redlo broedcllt lng . Com· LR. ceth.dr.1 C.illnll" n.w .hag; built. OIM 13/141 • 
.... t d T.h.t the d.f.nd.nt. mult b. "c.p· munic.tionl G.n.r.1 Corpor.tlon. 753· ins. p.tlo. fruit tr .... W .. t University • 
-", ishikl 10 . p .. d • • xt,. wid. r.ng. urI . 9133 •• fternoon • . (P3/31 TYPING · MARILYN would like to type • 
:" •• ring • • 11 .1I0v compon.n ... 25 inch (3/3) Cftv n •• r M.rcv School & P.riI Op.n vour p.p.r. thesis. etc. She is .x . • 
• fr.m • . 120$. Eric. 252 M.t.or. (3/31 Hou .. Sat & Sun 6628 L.m •• 462·0646 p.ri.nc.d on .11 typ •• of p.p.r • . f .. t . • 
• To the Big R.t (who d •• trov. pl.vlng Stud.nts int.r .. t.d in w .. klv Bibl. (3/31 r ... onebl •• nd h ... corr.cting IBM . • 
• Tap. D.ck. N.w T.ndb.rg 334,. with c.rd Itructur .. 1 . I' m .orry .bout Studv or how the Bibl. r.l.t.. to Pl .... cell h.r.t 586.7060. (3/61 • 
• on. v .. r w.rr.ntv. LI.t. for t630. Now W.dn •• day Morning 2 AM. Th. numb.r .v.ryd.v lif.. Qu •• tlons w.lcom.. F.r from hom • . • p.rtm.nt n •• d.d for • 

~1010ff.r. Pvt. pty. 270-6093. (3 /31 on. fan of the m.n from SCC. (3 /31 Contact O.nnl. McF.dd.n. 452·9806. wllk of Spring bre.k. WIlling to p.v Tvplng. IBM . Exp.ri.nced. c.rbon • 
• (3nl w .. k r.nt. Pr.f.r.bly n .. r b.ech. All ribbon. report.. th..... eccuret.. 50 • 
• WiII trade 3 Fri night Z.pp.lin tick.ts Cryst.1 H.v. a fanta.tic 21st I How do.s 452.9893 (3 / 31 c.nt •• nd up. P.m 580-5257 .ft.r 5 pm. : 
·for Mon' • . Sandv or Marty 462·9n&. it fill to b. l.gel1 Lov.lc (3/31 N .. d • rid. to Eug.n.. Or."ol'l for (3 /31 • 
:(3151 Ea.ter vacation. Will split .11 driving and Fantastic B.ach Hou •• L.ucldl.: Sh.r. LEARN how .asilv Bob H.pburn m.d •• 
• NEW VESPA C1AO D.lux. Retails for St.v • . Wh.n ar. vou going to Invlt. m. .xp.n •••. Stev.452·9257. p(3/31 Rant .125 F.m.l .. Only: C.II Rainbow $200-MOO w.eklv for coll.g.. H.lps : 
•• $469. Bar"ain $350. 167 MPG. Jim to VOur orgyl SlIt. C. (3 /31 7'53-2270 (3/121 stud.nts g.t .tah.d quick Iv in .mazlng • 

Ridar to S.n Jo •• ar.a. L .. v. a.rlv Sun . 
• Wld.n.r. Ext 3025 or 566-2047 (3/31 A B B F K 23rd March. Sh.r,. exp.n... on IV. p.rt tim. bu.ln .... Mek. money this. 
• mv . . . . . H.ppv Blrthd.v Kid . G.n .... Highiend. 3 Bdrm own rOom wllkl Write imm.diately. H.pburn . • 
• 2 .L.d S.pplln tick.ts March 10 . S.n Lov • . Rich (3 /3) Chris. 436-6910 .v ... (3/5l M or F 2 mi. from UCSD .16 mo. mu.t D.pt. 7531 . Box Tm. V.n Nuvi. CA • 
•
• Dlelo 462·9986 Dav. (3/ 31 b. nllt & cl .. n! AVIII.bl. M.r. 1st 463· 91401. n (3 /71 •• Yawnv. Ev.n though vou can't talk. W.nt to buv • good Karate GI In good 
• WATER BED. Kinll siz • . w I w.lnut Italn, walk. Or rid. sk.t.bo.rd. I . t ill dig. V' . conditlon .. m.dium siz • . R.gln • . 753. TJ/67 (3/31 • 
• $50 hllter. p.destal .nd wat.r in· Bzzz.r (3 /31 6163. B.tw .. n 8:00 .nd 12:00 • . m. lpl/31 • 
• clud.d . • 125 or best. 753-6775 • • v.nlng.. travel : 
: (3/31 CaPt. M.t.or & C.mp. & who.v.r .1.. . Hou .. cllln.r. m.l. or f.m.I • . Shor.. lost & fou nd • 
• VW wlnt.d. Exc.llent drivlnll con· W. ar •• v.r pr ••• nt ... Look h.rd.r. but .r.a. 464-7347 .v.nlng. p (3/3) CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE . • 
..... I·tlon .un oof colo to . 1000 FOUND: Blnd.r. two p.n •• nd two • 
.... . r anv r up .tav horlzontlll Sen.uou.' (3/31 ISRAEL. ORIENT. Low prlc ... long .nd • 
· cIII Mr S.ml K b I 0 I p.p.rback writing books In 4011110 on 
• . .r •• ~ . • v.n ng. r IIV. .hort fIIghti. IImlt.d spec.. . 
em .... g.464-4371 (4/4;1 Su .. n .nd Ch.ryl Right On WOMEN 2/24 in USB. In T.T. offlc. (3/31 PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1408 • 
• TOGETHER FOREVER AND EVERII housl"ng • 
... nlun. Hawaiia 1 Puke Sh.1I Wh.r. c.n w. mllt111 Much Lov. LOST IN CAFETERIA LAST WEEK A W .. twood Blvd. LA. 10024 (2131871-'121 • 
.... cklec ••. • 16-.25. fin. Sh.lls .110. Centhv .nd Jill (3/31 BLACK. LINED WINDBREAKER HAS or477·1112 plllil • 
• 

_ •• t 0 •• 1 Around. T ... rl452·97S8. (3171 ORANGE "SUN DEVIL" LETTERING A •• 
Roommete N •• ded. F.m.l. to shere MY NAME ON THE FRONT (3/31 SSW Trev.. Offlc. . ON CAMPUS. 

tlBAHNE SKATEBOArD , V " Blu. with G.ronmino H •• to b. the Cool .. t Guy b.autlful 2 bdrm. 0.1 M.r .pt. Own . EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERB . • 
ec.dlllec ~h •• I • . Uud 6 times. Coat on c.mpus. G.ronmino (3/31 room .to/ month. N .. r be.ch & bu.. LOST; A gr.y longhair fluffbell cet. Int'! Stud.nt ID. Eurall. HOitel Cerd •. : 31.00 . Will •• 11 fOr $'23.10. Berry · 481· 756·7117 or 464-1314. (3/ 3) white bib .nd .ox 100t around 23rd In Tripping M ••• zlne. etc. UCSD In . • To whom.v.r i Clove mv hlk. by I •• vlng 0.1 Mer 71&-1823 If _n (3/31 177 (317) it unlocked in front of P P&M building • . ternetlonel C.nt.r 412-0130 11 .m" pm • 
• 73 Hond. str •• t/dln low mil •• need to W.d. night GOO BLESS YOU I (3/31 Own Room In 3 BR Houl. in Solene lc>tlt In USB M.nll. Fold.r Containing M.W.F. ONLY CIOI ... Tu.Thufl. p(31141: 
• . .. 11 quick Iv t3607!i6. "631 (3/31 ~ .. ch. Yard. VI.w. Aveil.bl. now 'til L.ctur. Not.. for Poly. Sci. 132 • 

J (Mod.rn Chlnel R_.rd. SUlln Z7f. • 
:O·N.III cu.tom w.t.~it . R.inforcement Hornv 10 would Ilk. to m •• t s.n.uou. un. 15 . .. plu. utllltl ... 755-20117. (3/31 48Ii8 (3/31 EUROPE.ISRAEL.AFRICA.ORIENT. • 
. Pltch .. . kn •••. fl lbow ....... Fits I . Obj.ct - plutonic r.l.tlonshlp. M •• t Student fII.hte v"r round. Con .. ct: • 
• p.rson 5· . ... 180 lb •. t 30.00 or b .. t offer. Sat. nillht G.lathee loung. 8 pm. (3/31 WALK TO CAMPUS . non .• mokl~g RII.lgh·Sprit. ...peed found liang ISCA. 11117 len Vlnc.nt. Blvd. No. 4 • • 
• 452· ... (3/31 m.l. gr.d need.d to .h.re 2 Br .. unfurn. Gllmln Or. blu •. girl •. book reck .• nd LA. C.IIf . .... Tel: (2131 .... _ .... .. 
• ~andv·· H.ppy. H.PPV Birthd.v Frid.v·· MESA APARTMENT. .n/mo per two flat tlr ... 412·3313 Fr.nk. (3/31 ~. (P 31141 • 
• YOu·r. gr.atl ··"m gl.d w.·r. frl.nd.·· p.rson (2p'Oplal. Incl. utllltl .. M.rch 21 • 
•• t" "t" I'm .tllle d.y old.r tho'! Lov. Y.· Sclliv Norm.n)(2433 m .143I (3/1i1 Lo.t . BI.ck & Whit. Stripe J.cket •• ac IVI I es (3/ 31 Georg ..... 122 or leav. TT oHlc • . (3/31 
• Own b.droom w/b.th • • h.r •• hou •• In • 
:LED zepp.lin tick.t. fOr Merch 10th Christoph.r Robin: You could br •• k mv 0.1 Mer w /3 Otherl IIIrlng qu.rt.r. 481. Lo.t: R.d C.lculu. Book. Mon In Hsl • 
• conc.rt.436-41944 A.k for P.trick (3/51 heert if vou·r. not cer.ful. I·v. got I 9&47. (3/31 22IiO b.tw .. n 12:00 & 1:00. Steve . 462. • 
• hon.v ier .tuck on mv ho ... nd gem.. _ (3/31 • 
• Tlkemin •• coustic gult.r 3106 with .reg.ttlng h.rd to plav. You h.v •• full F.m.l. ne.d.d to sh.re good feeling 4 • 
• herd ce ••. • 200 .,.0 2 EPI 50 sp.akers. hou.e and this tim. thl.·. I winning br hou .. In P.B Own Room .75. Beck LOST: Green math 1B notebook . • plrel. : 
• till. 711-1418 (3/71 h.nd. Pooh. (3 / 31 v.rd. g.rd.n. 270-4231 (3/31 R_erd. Curt 8-2711 (3/31 • 
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• •• Page 8 Triton Time March 3, 1975 


