
Committ~es Search for 3 
New Resident Deans 

. 

by Craig Jackson 
Staff Writer 

UC San Diego's four colleges will have new resident deans by next 
fall. Three resident dean search committees are now looking for ex-
perienced professionals who will be able to deal with the special 
problems of students living on'campus . 

In an interview last Tuesday, Vice<hancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs George Murphy stated that an innovative organizational set-up 
is being developed for Revelle and Fourth College that will answer the 
two most pressing concerns of resident deans and resident assistants 
on campus . 

Chief Tasks 
The first of these concerns is the frequently-voiced complaint that 

there are not enough leisure-time " fun" activities for resident students 
at UCSD. 

Murphy said that one of the chief tasks of a resident dean is to make 
the re idence hall an attractive place to live, and to encourage more 
students to come live on campus. The new resident deans will attempt 
to make "programmatic" changes that will give resident students a 
better variety of " things to do." Murphy indicated that discipline is 
only a small part of the resident dean's job. 

The second major concern expressed by Murphy was the tendency 
of good resident deans to be, as he put it, "burned out" too quickly 
under the present system. He suggested that Revelle and Fourth 
College might have a staff of three assistant deans, only two of whom 
wou ld actually be in residence each year. By rotating the staff 
members, each dean would have a much-needed rest every two years . 

Muir College 
Muir College is in the process of selecting a new resident dean 

because Cleo Malone will stay at his university hospital post. Acting 
. Continued on 9 

. ' . 

Lettuce Giveaway Hit 
Young Americans for Freedom member Tom Tanana [fight] is 

shown seNing non-United Farm Workers leHuce on the Revelle 
plau·Fridayafternoon. 
. The event was protested through a march and rally by a group of 
some 200 students, faculty members, and San Diego community 
citizens. 

Only one person, Karen Horn [left], was seen taking or eating the 
lettuce, which was eventually dumped into a trash can by marchers. 

Tanana said he opposed the UFW and its tactics, and that he felt 
serving the lettuce was "symbolic." Mike Zarote [center, with scarf], 
UC San Diego leader ot the Student Coalition Against Racism, said 
Tanana was "making into a joke something that's very serious to a 
lot of people." 

A rally followed the march around the plaza, at which a meeting 
Friday at 5 pm at the International Center for farmworker supporters 
was announced. 

Will Stay at Hospital 

Cleo Malon'e Cleared 
Former Muir resident dean 

CI 0 Malone has been cleared of 
charges of sexual misconduct, 
Chancellor McElroy has an-
nounced . 

Three week ago, Muir Provost 
John Stewar t and Vi ce-
Chancellor of Student Affair 
George Murphy made a 
recommendation to the Chan-
ce llor on the con tinued em-
ployment of Malone as Re ident 
Dean . The bas is of the reccrn-
mendatlon were allegations that 
Malon was guilty of exual 
mi conduct 

Malone wa transferred to a 
post at University Hospital while 
the Chancellor and the 
UnlvPrs lty 's lega I counsel 
conducted an Investiga tion Into 
th allegallons and IOta .the 

procedures by which Stewart's 
and Murphy's recommendation 
wa made. 

Friday afternoon , McE lroy, in 
a statement on the Malone in-
vestigation, said, " Based upon 
this review and other relevant 
information, I have concluded 
that th allegation made against 
Mr Malon ca nnot be sub-
stantiated . Therefore, I have 
rejected the recommendation (of 
Stewart and Murphy)." 

McElroy said that Malon ha 
decided to accept a new position 
at University HO'ipltal The new 
job tarts Immediately. 

rred Hender on will continue 
a t MUIr a the Acting R sident 
Dean until a replac ment can be 
found Henderson has said that 
he I not interested In keeping 
the POSition permanently 

San Diego City Council OKs 
Un'iversity Town Center, 7-2 

lhe University Town Center 
(UTC) development, a 105-acre 
shopping and residential 
complex planned for a site a mile 
east of UC San Diego, was ap-
pro.-ed by the San Diego City 
Counci l last Thursday by a 7-2 
vote, with Maureen OConnor 
and Leon Williams dissenting. 

The appro.-ed plan is ap-
proximately one-third the size of 
the original three million square 
foot development proposed by 
developer Ernest Hahn in 1973. It 
will be about the same size as 
Fashion Valley, which was also 
designed by Hahn . 

According to City Planner Ken 
Klein, the project is different 
fr om the or iginal due to the 
elimination of high rise struc-
tures, an increase in residential 
units and a reduction of COl'lr 
mercial space. 

Approval " In Concept" Only 
Residential units were in-

OM Council Acts 

creased from 180 to 300, while 
parking for the development was 
reduced from 11,000 to 3800 
spaces. 

Klein emphasized Thursday 
that the Counci l was voting 
appro.-al " in concept" only, and 
that all design plans and con-
struction will be subject to 
Planning Commission review . 

The project, to be located 
southeast of the intersection of 
La Jolla Village Dr . and Genesee 
Ave ., will include 150,000 square 
feet of public, cultural, 
educational a nd recreational 
facilities, 300,000 square feet of 
housing and 650,000 square feet 
of shopping fac:Jities . Hahn 
expects the shopping section to 
be completed by early 1977 and 
to cost $50 million. 

The housing will consist of 
35% apartment renting for $175 
to $285 p r month, 25% single 
family units in the $50,000 to 
$70,000 range, with the 

Developer Hahn 
remainder being multiple unit 
hous ing cos ting fr om $25,000 to 
$45;000. 

Supporting the development 
were r epresenta tives of the 
UCSO administration, the San 

Continued on Page 9 

Master Plan, 'with 'Bonus,' OKed 
by Mark Stadler 

Community Editor 

The Del Mar City Council, in a 
series of meetings last week, 
passed a new General Plan that 
will drastically restrict new 
hou ing development within that 
ci ty 's limits . 

However, Councilperson Tom 
Shepard , fearing the new plan 
might turn Del Mar into a "white 
middle class ghetto, " proposed a 
"density bonus" plan allowing 
extra housing in certain areas of 
the town. The bonus was passed 

by the Council in a unanimous 
vote 

The council will meet again 
tonight to allow its Planning 
Department to comment on the 
Council's decisions, but no major 
changes are expected . 

The highest housing density 
allowed in Del Mar under the new 
plan will be 12 one-family units 
per acre. Previously, the highest 
density had been 22 units per 
acre . 

The greatest portion of 
developed Del Mar will be 
re tricted to 8.8 units per acre. 
This is where the density bonus 

Grads Un.ion to Meet 
Again Today in USB 

by Philip ProHer 
Special Reporter 

Over 70 graduate students from 13 departments met and formed a 
Graduate Students ' Union last Monday. The vote was unanimous 

Although the 70 also unanimously agreed on four basic goals (TT, 
May 7l. they decided to have another meeting today to enable more 
students to join the union and participate in deciding on an ap-
propriate bargaining posi tion . This second meeting take place tonight 
at 7 pm in USB 2622, and is open to all graduate students . 

The formation of a union was prompted by a threatened cutback 10 
the number of TAs next year, i ncreased work loads of TAs including 
larger sections and more hours reqUired teaching, pay cu ts by 
technically reducing the percent time of employment, and inadequate 
pay. 

Bulk of Instruction 

Over the years the amount of teaching performed by graduat 
tudents has increased until they now account for, in ome depart-

m nt , it i claimed, the bulk of instruction However, grad tudents 
complalO that they are treated as marginal employees, in som ca e 
being hired on a quarter-to-quarter ba i , and ometlme ven one or 
two week after the quart r begins. 

The graduate students ay they find it Impo Ibl to intel lig ntly 
plan their edu ation if they do not know If th y will have a job the ne t 
month to f ed them elve , th ir pou , and t~eir children. The 
graduate students who formed th union feel th y perform a vital 
function for the univer ity and should be tr ated 10 a mor dec nt, Ie 
avalier manner, and be paid at a level comm nsurat with th Job 

they perform . 
The graduate ~tudents al 0 pOinted out that the amount of mon 

reqUir d to ati fy the goal of the unlOll" I in redlbl y mall by 
univerSity tandard . ror example, on graduate tudent aid that the 
prevention of the cutback In the TA for n t year would onl co l 
about on fortieth of the co t of lh Mandevlll nt r 

plan IS allowable 
"Non-Discretionary Contract" 
The denSity bonus will allow a 

property-owner to enter into a 
" non-<liscretionary contract" with 
the City to inc rease housing 
denSity up to 100%, if the owner 
agrees that the bonus housing will 
be available at or below the 
mediaf\. county hous ing rQ'~, 
whi ch is estimated at $200 for a 
two bedroom apartment. 

There was no disagreement to 
the concept of the density bonus, 
only to the non-discretionary 
contract, which would bi nd the 
City to accept developments 

Del Mar Councilperson 
Tom Shepard 

meeting density bonus 
requirement . Councilperson 
John Weare, who lauded the 
bonu (\ th " first Imaginative 
effort" to in ure low co thou iog 
in Del ar, nonetheles felt non-
di cretionary contracts would too 
severely limit the Council 's 
opti n 'We'd have to find other 
rea on to turn down (n w 
hou Ing), In tead of too high 
densi ty " 

Sh pard 4l w red ttHlt ity 
wou Id not be a big probl m, 
b au e he en I Ion th bonu 
plan allowln for a COI·,t,nu'\tlon 
of the " low cal duple 
d v lopm nt" already alon Del 

Mar'~ tratford ourt H m-
phaslz d that the d n It bonus 
wa not th(' apartm nt hou 109 

Continued on Pale 8 



pqetwo -

t .. -;r· : 
J"!l,., __ 

Writer Reports S & E 
Branch on Mercury 

In a press release distributed Thursday, UCSD's popular Science and 
Engineering library announced plans for the immediate construction 
of a branch library on Mercury, innermost. of the Solar System's ten 
planets . The facility will attempt to relieve the pressure on the existing 
library, both by providing more room for newly-acquired books and by 
offering quiet, uncrowded study areas for UCSD's in<;reasing student 
population. Plans ca ll for the entire S&E collection to be microfilmed, 
all the originals being-transferred to the Mercury site. 

The move was made ,pOSSible in large part through a grant of land 
from the Astronomical Society of the Pacific, currently involved in a 
land development scheme on Mercury. The Society most generously 
provided the library with a magnificent lot, originally intended as an 
executive homesite, consisting of a large meteoric impact crater. The 
56,OOO-acre site is felt by the S&E library administration to be sufficient 
for at least four hundred years' growth if the library collection expands 
at current rates . Large unpressurized study areas are planned, utilizing 
Mercury's near-vacuum atmosphere as efficient and inexpensive 
sound-proofing. 

I t is felt that the branch will not only offer improved study con-
ditions, but may well become the nucleus of a major astronomical 
research center. The ideal weather conditions would facilitate much 
optical astronomical research, and the potential for solar research is 
obvious . I n addition, the lower gravity - roughly 37% that of earth --
will allow researchers and students to get by with considerably less 
sleep, thus increasing their academic output. 

Any questions concerning the new Irranch should be referred to S&E 
Library . The entire UCSD community is encouraged to offer 
suggestions for the new library, and are invited to view the deed and 
high-altitude photo of the building site currently on display at the S&E 
Library in Urey Hall. 

SUBMITIED ANONYMOUSL Y 

Foreign Jobs, Tours 
Available for Students 

Summer jobs in Britain, 
Germany and France are now 
available to American students -
first come first serve . Because of 
an agreement between the U.S. 
Government and the Europea'ns, 
students can be placed in jobs 
ranging from department store 
clerk ·)n Regent Street, London, 
to c hambermaids, to apple 
pickers . Last year one student 
found work as a grouse flusher for 
a Scottish marquis. Work papers 
are issued, valid for six months. 
Salaries are low but should be 
enough to cover daily expenses. 
Travel costs are not included. 
CI EE of New York and their West 
Coast counterpart, Student 
Services West, have been given 
authority to place the applicants . 

For the traveller looking for 
something unique, Going Places 
and Sundowners Inc. offer 
camping trips through Scan-
danavia to Russia and back via 
Czechos lov .ll<ia, Hungary and 
Romania . Gci~ Places also has a 
program thrClugh North Africa. 
The campir.g trips are cheap, 
frequently c~ti ng less than an 

individual would spend travelli ng 
alone. For travellers desi ring to 
visit the major sights of Europe, 
Going Places has camping trips in 
central Europe. 

\:uropean student travel unions 
offer short tours in their 
respective countries . They also 
operate tr ips behind the Iron 
Curtain such as three days in 
Prague or Budapest, or fifteen 
days in Leningrad, Moscow and 
Kiev. These tours are generally 
taken as side trips during a longer 
European holiday; they are 
cheap, and the participants are 
largely European students . 
Working together, the student 
travel unions operate a complete 
schedu Ie of intra-European 
charter flights and flights to the 
Far East. Experiment~ in Travel, 
a Los Angeles based student tour 
operator, has expanded beyond 
their regular European and Israel 
packages to offer a tour com-
bined with one month work on a 
kibbutz in Israel. In addition, they 
now have reasonably priced tours 
to the South Pacifi c, the Orient 

Continued on Page 9 

John H Taylor Edward E. Simons james G. Soto 
, 

Edltor-Ir -",11111 Menalllnlleditor City Editor 

SaraJ.li>web Charles Heimler Mark Woelber 
Edhoriel director NewaEdltor Bu.ln ... m.Mg., 

The Triton Times Is officially recognized a.1 campus newspaper 
by the Communkatlons Board of UCSO. Unsigned editoria ls 
represent the view. of the majority of the Iii members of the 
editorial board, and not the views of the Umerslty, the Comm 
Board, or the student body. 

Triton Tim •• Monday, May 12,1975 

Letters to the Editor 

Bruckner Ignores UCSD . Standards 
In reterence to Donald Strebel 's 

letter concerning the conduction 
of the Science 4B class, I must say 
that I have to agree with Strebel's 
views totally. From my own 
personal experience I know that 
Professor Brueckner did not 
follow the teaching standards of 
UCSD. I went to Professor 
Brueckner about a problem he 
assigned, explaining that I didn't 
understand the steps that he had 
followed. Brueckner asked me if I 
had had the Calculus II sequence. 
Upon finding out that I hadn' t, he 
said he couldn't help me. 

The real point is he didn't 
bother to try to help me. Calculus 
II was not a prerequisite for 
Science 4B, so why wasn 't I 
helped? Simply because 
Brueckner didn't care about 
teaching this undergraduate 
class . 

Another serious problem was 
that the homework Brueckner 
assigned was not representative 
of the test problems. If a student 
tried working almost every 
problem in the chapter and still 
cou Id n' t JJnderstand the test 

questions, then something i! 
wrong with the lecturer 
Brueckner would mention a point 

in lecture (stating that it was not 
covered in the book) and then 
without adequately explaining 
the problem he would te$t us on 
it. In one instance, the TAs giving 
the test didn't even know which 

Upcoming Kent State 
Trial Important to US· 

fn a few weeks, a trial will begin which is of the greatest importance 
for all Americans dedicated to f reedom and justice. The families of the 
four students ki lled by National Guardsmen at Kent State University on 
May 4, 1970, and of two other students maimed and paralyzed in the 
same shooting, have through long and persistent effort, overcome the 
legal and political obstacles put in their way and are bringing a civil 
suit against Governor Rhodes of OhiO, and Adjutant General of the 
Ohio National Guard, and individual officers and guardsmen, charging 

t~t these individuals acted under color of law to willfully, wantonly, 
and recklessly cause the deaths of the four students, depriving them of 
the right to life and liberty . The suit seeks to hold these individua ls 
personally responsible for S11 million in actual and pun itive damages, 
which include the medical and therapeutiC costs of the two injured 
students . 
\ 

The importance of the trial goes conSiderably beyond the possibility 
of collecting damages, however. Indeed, whNher the suit is won or 
lost, the trial will be significant, because it will permit at last, in a court 
of law, the development of the full picture of what really happened at 
Kent State, and why. 

The criminal trial of eight guardsmen alleged to be responsible was 
dismissed by the judge because the long time which had elapsed since 
the event had tarnished the quality of the evidence, so t hat it no longer 
met the strict standards of evidence required in criminal procedure. 
But this is a civil case, where the rules of evidence allow considerably 
more latitude. The trial will elicit full accounts, under oath, of the 
events at Kent State, from numerous observers and participa nts, which 
we can be sure will be reported on fully by our national media. 

Furthermore, as die Washington Post observed in an editorial the 
case "establishes an important prinCiple that should cause stat~ of-
ficials and National Guardsmen to think twice before they encroach 
upon the constitutional rights of citizens in the future ." 

The State of Ohio is paying the full legal expenses of the governor 
and the other officia ls named in the suit. They have already ap-
proprtated a quarter of a million dollars for this purpose. The families 
of the students have only their own resources and those of their friends 
an.d supporters to cover the heavy lega l costs involved in bringing the 
SUIt. 

Indeed, the strength of the case they are able to bring wi ll depend to 
a large extent on the funds they have available for preparing 
docu mentation, bringing in witnesses to testify, and so forth . 

' 1 hope that many UCSD students, faculty, and staff wi ll want to . 
. make a contribution . Checks should be made out to KENT STATE DUE 

PROCESS OF LAW FUND, and sent c/o Board of Church and Society of 
the United Methodist Church, 100 Maryland Ave., N.E., Washington, 
D.C. 20002. Or, if you wish, you can send your contribution to me 
through the campus mail to the Department of Linguistics, and I will 
forward it. Contributions are tax-deductible . 

PAULG . CHAPIN 
ASSIST ANT PROFESSOR 

or LINGUISTICS 

The Triton Ti ..... i. offlcl.11y recogniZid .. • .tuclent ~ .. by the 
Communicetion. Bo.rd of UCSD. Publlcetlon II on Monel.", Wed_eMy., .nd, 
Fri ... y. during the .... ul .... chool y • ., .exc.t on offlclel hoIldIy.,. Edlto,I.1 .nd 
buli". .. offlcn .,.Ioceted In 117 BI. ke Hell on the R.v .... Col .... cempU • . 

Lett ... to the Editor .nd opinion "oIum... .r. wllcomed. All . ubml.elon. 
.hould bl tvped On I e -,,,,,,I II". on non-corrollbl ....... , . They .hould not 
."" .. d thr_ p.gn In I.ngth. The Triton TIm .. r ... ", .. the right to edit .ub-
milelone bec.u •• of .... ". IImlt8tlon. or .tyle r.qulr.m.ntl. 

For editoriel. c.Ii4G-MII: fo, bu.I". ... nd .1Iv.rtl •• ment., c.II41Z·MII. 

questions the test contained . I feel 
that these are serious issues and 
that they, along with Bruckner's 

conduct, should be thoroughly 
investigated . 

. PATRICIA OVERY 

An Afternoon 
of Stange 
Flashbacks 

I don't believe it! Friday af-
ternoon at UCSD I was suddenly 
transported by some 
phenomenal medium - into the 
past . As I left the Revelle 
cafeteria at noon with my 
stomach in its usual turmOil , I 
heard a faint and far-off plea . 
Upon further investigation, I 
recognized it as the common call 
for justice of the farm workers : 
"Viva la huelga." Well, that was 
not such a thriller. Who knows :it 
was probably just another lonely 
speaker on a megaphone out in 
the plaza, beggi ng for the at-
tentions of the passersby. 

Bu t no! I knew the years had 
gone by when I turned the corner 
and saw, with my own eyes, close 
to 100 angered and determined 
people performi ng the ancient 

. ritual of Protest! 

After regai ning some con trol of 
my senses and rubbing my eyes, I 
tried to convi nce myself it was 
just an adverse reaction to the 
corn dog I had for lunch, but the 
vision would not go away. The 
6est I could do was hope that I 
was hallucinating and continue 
on my way, which seemed simple 
enough until another of my 
senses was assai led as I turned 
past Urey Hall. My ears were torn 
between the chant of " the 
people" and the tuning up of a 
real rock 'n' roll Band!! My God -
how could I escape the feeling of 
apprehension as I saw half-naked 
longhairs once more bask in the 
sun, or go zipping past on their 
skateboards. As Paul would say, 
it's beautiful - people bouncing 
their feet to the music on the 
hump, as good old-fashioned 

DOP~ was passed around, the 
setting was too real. Perhaps the 
men with the movie camera were 
not newsmen, but workers on 
some staged documentary about 
the late sixties. Or, was it possible 
that, even in 1975, people could 
enjoy life in all its varied forms of 
the pas t the thri II of chanting 
slogans or tn soaking up sun while 
wasted on 'home grown' - was I 

~tlll the same mel lor I too felt a 
chili I n my sptne as YAI lettuce 
was torn , and my pulse beat to 
the musi .. but then .. It was Just 

Continued on Pol,. 9 

Monday . MllY 12.1975 Triton Times Page three 

Pendleton: City of Homeless, Jobless 
by l ohn H. Taylor 

Editor-in-chief 

Thanh Son Thi Trinh stood with her brother betwf'en the long food 
lines and th Area I ight dispensary at Camp Pendlf'ton The di pensary 
wa<; ~elling garISh bathrobes and deodorant to refugees With money --
the food 1<; free 

Thanh )onwa a student of english at a university In Hue before the 
Commun 1St Pli h through central Vietnam t hat even tually made her, 
and her brother Hanh Quang, a medical tudent from the samp 
university, r fug es . Thanh on. who wore a blue sweatshirt prtnt d 
With a map of South Vietnam , <;aid she ar.d her brother left before the 
takeover becau e " I didn' t want the Viet ong to chop my head off .. 

She says It IS cold in the base at night (it is, to tact , 40 degrees co lder 
than the refugees are used to In their homeland) and that the food lines 
elre <;0 long that by the time she reaches the end the food is sometimes 
all gone 

" The n I have to go home starved ," she sa id , and smiled 
Hanh Quang said he and hi s sister left their parents and six other 

member of their fa mily behind to Vietnam . " I don't deserve to study 
medicine here -- I have left my famtly behind " He told ano.her 
reporter, however, that he wou ld like to study medicine eventual ly in 
the United States , but would first like to get a job. 

Their story is a perfec t one of brother and sister reunited . Thanh Son 
knew her brother was in the US, because he passed through a US base 
on the island of Guam one day before she did , and she saw his name on 
a list Neither left South Vietnam knowi ng where the other was 

But as Thanh Son stood in the dinner !tne one evening, she was ~een 
by one of her brother's medical sc hool professors, abo a refugee . who 
took her to Hanh Quang's tent 

HPr name means 'blue mountain .' his means 'c lever ' " I do not think 
that IS true ," sa id Hanh Quang. 

rh(' Thi Trinn,' situa tIOn IS like that of most of the 18.000 South 
VIPlna mese refugees at the North an Diego and Orange County 
Martne Corps bas('. They left Vietnam out of fear of the Viet Cong, and 
they are lor the mos t part educaten 

And theyar homeless , jobless, and in many case eparated from 
relative and friends 

1 he fir t wave of refugees through what Martne spokesmen call the 
" pipeline " ame April 29 -- the Marines were notified 25 hours before . 
They have Since received and cared for 25,711 refugees - mostly South 
Vletname ,a few Cambodian . The Mannes' job, said one spokesman , 
ha been to " feed them, house them, and make them secure." 

That Job has been performed, apparent ly, With success . There are six 
areas In Camp Talega at Pendleton (east and north of San Clemente, 
about four miles from the es tate of former PreSident Nixon) that house 
r fugee - two areas are of quonse t huts, normally not in use at this 
time of year and therefore immediately available , while four areas are 
tent cit le , spotted with Shamrock portasan . In the biggest and most 
recently et up area , Area Eight, there are about ten cots to each of the 
tents. of which there are SIX quarter-mile long rows The food IS in the 
middle. and there are four long lines to the building almost 24 hours a 
day 

The refugees ay the food IS good. but that It takes too long to get to 
rhe Mannes (one of whom said, "They eat better than we do" ) have 
now Instituted a meal card system, to cut down on people going 
throug h the line twice . 

The second stage of concern is keeping the refugees occupied while 
they are on the base Success in this endeavor is less evident. 

Al though fiudd hi st , Catholic , Lutheran and Mormon prie ts now 
hold mul ti -daily services in each of the six areas, and apart from 
Irequent so cer games among the children , the prevailing feeling i of 
boredom and an ticipatIOn ThE'rc is liltle to do but wait in line, eat , 
walt In c1nother line, and sleep . The area are beginn ing to organile, 
With elected leader who act as liaison with the base administration 
and tran smit information about deSired recreation anQ other activities . 
Hut stdl. when the refugees are asked if there IS much to do at Camp 
ppndleton . the answer is nea rl y always " no " 

I very refllgee IS requi red to go through three stages of procesSing. 
The Ilr~t . and ea lest, is the Itlling out of forms and assigning of ocial 
Wlur lty numbers (Thanh on , when writmg her name out SO the Tri ton 
rllll eS would spell It correctly , wrote her last name fi r t, followed by 
thl' ob ligatory (omma and then her first and middle name, betraYing 
,l lreddy a degree of bur aucratic Indoctrination ). 

rhen they must go through c1 ec.uri ty check, to make sure their 
11<1111('\ do not appear on lists , malntamed by the Central Intelligence 
Agency and the I ederal Ilureau 01 Inve tlgation, of " International 
crtmlnals " 

But the last stage IS the long one, the one that for many may not be 
complet d in the foreseeable future - each refugee must hilVe a 
\ponsor before he ca n leave Camp Pendleton. 

Mike Stevens is a Health, Education and Welfare official who 
oversee~ Project New Life , the official name for the massive effort to 
assimilate the refugees mto American soc iety He told the Triton Times 

Continued on Page 8 

TT Photos; Edward Simons 
Each row, left 10 nght, starting top left: Vietnamese interpreter explainrng processing 

procedure to Vietnamese, pointing to status card issued to each refugee; former South Viet -
namese premier Nguyen Cao Ky, a refugee in area eIght; Mik.e Stevens, HEW official: Buddist 
service for Cambodians and Vietnamese at San Onofre area; Vietnamese boys; women washing 
clothes outside a tent in area eIght; area eight, largest and newest of the refugee camps. 

Levrs 



Paaefour 

.,y Iilmes G. Solo ilnd Clilret1ce Kinl 
Third Colle&f' fs sponsoring its second Annual Solar energy con-

ference this Saturday as part of its Science and Technology Proaram. 
The conferen : to be held at USB 2722, will be an all day forum in 

which the progr ~ and development of solar energy as an alternat ive 
to the rapidly diminishing energy sources of today wi ll be discussed . 

Dean Raymond T. Dye said that the conference wi ll gather some of 
the top experts in the fie ld . 

One of the apics to be discussed is the feasibi lity of heating 
buildings from solar energy. Assemblyman larry Kapi loff (D-San 

The Third_ Re 
iego) wi spea on testate's ro e in eve op ing so ar power. T ere 

has been some discussion at Third about usi ng solar energy to heat the 
new Third College buildings that will be constructed in Step Two of the 
planned complex . 

If a plan can be developed, Third would be the first college to be 
heated via solar energy. 

Plans are now underway for the june graduation. Senator Daniel 
Inouye (D-Hawaii) will be the featured speaker during the graduation 
cer~monies on June 15. Because Third is a new college, according to 
Dye, the college will have more elaborate ceremonies than the other 
colleges to build up a tradition . Dye said this is a carryover from last 
year's program when Third graduated its Charter Class. Due to Third's 
small size it is easier for students to get involved in the planning of the 
ceremonies . 

Dye said that one of the most important issues that students are 
concerned at Third with is the naming of the school. Presently, the 
Third College Council is in the process of recommending a name to be 
placed on a referendum ballot. Students, faculty, and staff will share in 
the process of selecting and voting for the name for Third . Last quarter, 
Third students received a letter asking them to submit names to the 
naming committee. Anv suggesstions can be turned into the Dean's 
office. 

This Thursday and next, May 15 and 23, Third College is again 
presenting "On Stage at Third ." Held at the Matthews Campus Plaza 
next to the cafeteria at npon, the event is an opportunity for UCSD 
students to show their talents. Any interested person should contact 
the Dean's office. 

Triton Times 

Town Center . • • 
Continued from Pille 1 

Diego Chamber eX Commerce and 
various area proper ty owners . 

A Center 'or the Community 
UCSD vice-cha ncel lor for 

Community Relations Clifford 
Crobstein, saying he was 
representing the LC regents, 
stated the project would create 
" a favorable environment" for 
the Univer s ity' development. He 
added it would prOl/ide a center 
for the community, including the 
University. 

Opposing the project were 
rep~esentatives cJ the UCSD 
Student Coq:>erative, the La jolla 
Town Council and the University 
Community Council. 

Coop local external affairs 
coor dinator Marco LiMandri 
ent the City Council a letter 

documenting Coop opposition to 
the development a month ago. 
LiMandri et down five main 
points of oppos ition to UTC, 
including Its size and location, 
culminating with a condemnation 
<i its composition, saying it is not 
responsive to low income housing 
needs . 

The Navy, which had opposed 
the development in the pas t 
because of potential crash 

Continued on Page 9 

Soviet Scientist to Speak Here 
Aleksandr Voronel, professor at Tel Aviv 

University and former laboratory head of the In-
stitution of Physical Technical Measurements of 
Moscow, will speak on " From Moscow to Tel Aviv : 
A Personal Account" tomorrow at 8 pm in the HL 
Aud itorium . 

Voronel, who is regarded as one of the foremost 
Soviet experimenters in condensed-matter phySiCS, 
was one of many Soviet jews to apply for 
emigration in recent years . After his application to 
emigrate in January 1972 he immediately lost his 
job. Subsequently he organized many Jewish 
demonstrations, hunger strikes and petitions until 
he was allowed to leave in late 1974. 

International Seminar 

Shortly after losing his job voronel began holding 
weekly scientific seminars in his apartment. At-
tended by co lleagues who had also lost their jobs, 
the seminars received international recognition in 
1974 when an International Seminar was planned. 

Over 100 scientific papers were submitted and 
over 40 Western scientists applied to attend . Soviet 
authori ties denied all entry visa requests and 

arrested Voronel and some of the other organizers . 
Soviet authorities continued to harrass Voronel 

following the aborted Seminar. He was offered a 
visa if he discontinued the seminars . 

In December 1974 Voronel and his wife were 
allowed to leave. 

Voronel had been appOinted a professor at Tel 
AVIV University in 1972, and had conducted studies 
and teaching through the telephone and taped 
lectures . He was an editor of an underground 
Journal and wrote several articles on the theme " I 
am a Jew" which were published in English . 

New Phenomena 

Voronel is best known for his experiments in 
critical phenomena. In 1963 he discovered a new 
phenomena in "mean-field" theory which was a key 
experiment in showing that the mean-field theory 
needed replacement. He has concentrated mainly 
on the thermal propert ies of magnetic systems and 
fluids . 

Voronel is at UCSD under the co-sponsorship of 
American Professors for Peace in the Middle East 
and the UCSD jewish Student Union . 

Support 
'IT Advertisers 

runi.lJ~ui1y of {!a.[i(otni.a., .:::Ea.rl r:Di£go 
{!amp.tu Ptogtam 23oau1. f:Pu.u.nh. . . 

The Church of Comervatlon 
Invites You To Be An 

ORDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR OF NATUREPEDICS 

Our fast growing church IS 
ctively seeking environment 
onclous new ministers who 
eliI've what we believe Man 
hould exist in harmony with 
ature We a re a non-structurec 
aith. undencminat ional . With no 
raditional coctrine or dogma 

Benefits for llinlsters are 
1 Car Emt:lern and Pocket I.D 
2 ReduGe:l rates from man 

otels, mott,ls, restaurant~ . ca 
ental agenci es, etc Oil 
irectory list, over 1.000 prestlg 
stabll sh mfnts extend ing an 

automatic (.Ish discount 
3 Perform marriages, baptisms, 

funerals and all other ministerial 
functions 

4. Start your own church and 
apply for exemption from 
property and other taxes. 

Enclose a free-will donation for 
the minister's credentials and 
pocket license. Your ordination IS 
recognized in all 50 states and 
most foreign countries 

CHURCH OF CONSERVATION, 
BOX 375, M ARY ESTHER, 
fLORIIIA 32569. 

Afternoon 0/ Jazz 
Saturday, May 17 - Noon t04 pm FREE 

Grassy Knol l behind HL Library-Revelle Campus-
Featuring: 

JOE PASS with Bob J.lagnusson <5- jim Plank 
JOE J.IARILL O with EQUINOX 

l.IIKE PEED TRIO 
JAZZ WEA THER GROUP 

'-~-~--~---r --------~~ (' ) Get Rolled at the ,-
Spice Rack Restaurant! 

Prp">enl Ihl~ coupon With you. medl tli tl1e 
unlQlJe Spice RJCk dlden Re~ltluI,jnl III Pdcllir 
SIMctl dnd yOU IllJet rOiled Fr ... e T"I< horne hdlt " 
dOl~n 01 Ihp I<lSI ,e,>1 home·mdde 10115 o. mutl,"', 
yOu VI' pvpr mel ThiS ollp. IS qOOd on MOIl(Jd VS thr'J 
Thursdays until May 29 ~ 
YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE rHE V~I' 

A GARDE N R SIAURANT 

Mission Blvd. near Grand in PacifiC Beach 
7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm 

.--~--- --- - -------------------- -- ---~ --

o 'Conner Here 
Tomorrow 

Sa n Diego City Councilwoman 
Maureen O 'Connor will speak on 
the role of women in politics and 
the growth and development of 
the city of San Diego tomorrow at 
UC San Diego 

O'Connor, the only woman on 
the council, represen ts the 
Second District, an area that 
includes Point Loma and 
Hillcrest. She was elected to the 
council in 1971 and is up for 
reelection in September. 

Her talk will be at the student 
center lounge at noon . After her 
discussion, there will be a 
reception for her in the Woman's 
Center at Muir Coilege. 

in the mai n conference room on 
the first f loor of the Student 
Center at 6:30 pm . 

BU8 Rides Up to 35' 
Bus fare in San Diego is going 

up to 35( in june from its current 
quarter rate. The San Diego City 
Council voted 7-1 recently to 
raise the fare , with Floyd Morrow 
the lone dissentor . Morrow cited 
a projected S9 mill ion deficit in 
the bus ompany's S28 mi ll ion 
budget for the coming year, in 
explaining his vote. 

Not everyone will have to pay 
the new rate. People over 60 years 
of age will be charged 154 and 
students up to the twelth grade 
will pay 25¢ . 

Brown Gets 
Coop Meets Tonight Hemophilia $ 

Along with other business, the 
Student Cooperative will discuss 
a Budget Resource Group (BRG) 
amendment and a proposal that 
the Student Center be overseen 
by a Board of Directors . 

Because the BRG lacks a 
coordinator, they are requesting 
that the Coop approve an 
amendment that would reduce 
the mandatory quorum of six to 
five. 

lincoln Cushing and other 
members of the Coop will outline 
under new busi ness why they 
believe the center should have a 
Board of Directors as overseers . 

The election for External Affairs 
coordi nator statewide will also 
take place this evening. 

Nominators will be opened 
tonight for all other coordinator 
positions, with the election 
scheduled for May 26. 

Tonight, the Coop will convene 

James Edward Brown, a 
biochemist at the UC San Diego 
Medical School , has been 
awarded a $15 ,000 Postgraduate 
Research Fellowship in 
Hemophilia by the National 
Hemophilia Foundation . The 
Foundation ' s competitive 
fellowships are designed to 
stimulate hemophilia-re lated 
studies by supporting the work of 
younger investigators in research 
contributing to the understanding 
and improved management of the 
disorder. 

Brown is currently inve tigating 
the nature of blood clotting 
Factor VIII. A defect or lack of 
this component of plasma, which 
enables normal blood to c lot 
properly , resul.ts in classic 
hemophilia--a congenital disorder 
which affects over 100,000 
Americans . 

uc SAN DIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

{PSAGltI ............ 

The unofficial 
state bird , PSA. has 
more flights connecting 
northern and soulhern C::lli -
lornia Ihan any olher airline 

PIA . 

I Fly With u!: fo r 
a song 10 eleven Cities 

Want tocatch a PSAGnnnlng-
bird? That's easy. Just catch 
up wilh your campus rep. 

.. .... 

~~4!;)~~4!;)~~4!;)~~4!;)~~~~~ 

~ . UCSD: EUROPE '75 ~ 
~ CHARTER FLIGHTS ~ 
~ STILL OPEN ~ 
~ 73 days June l ' LA/ Paria TIA OC·8 $450.00 ~ \' ~B Aug. 28 Paril / LA TIA OC-I~ ~9 83 davs June 22 LA/ Paril TlA OC-8 $4&0.00 SIIp112 Paril/ LA TIA OC.10 
:ll 52 dllYs July 07 LA/ Pllri. TlA ~C-I MIIl.OO ~ r: Aug. 28 Paril/LA TlA DC I ~ ~. 29 dllYS Aug. 03 LA/Paril TIA OC·8 MIIl.OO ~ ~ Sapt01 Plril/ LA TIA OC·10 ~ 
:ll 34 daVI Aug. 12 LA/ Mildrid TIA ~C-I " .00 ~ r: Sllp115 Peril/ LA TIA OC-10 ~ f on. wev S.pt 01 LA/ Paril TIA OC·8 t2IO.OO ~ 

~ Jun.30 LA/Pepe.ta UTA f372.00 ~ 

~. TAH:::::~~~~::::::~ ~~. 
UCSD Int.rnatlon Center 412·0130 
Open ' 11am to 4 pm Mon. Wad. Fri 
~ I em 10 1 pm Tuw It Thu.. @ 
Jft~~~~~....an~~11~~~""l 

Monday, May 12, 1975 

Daniel Delgado 

Marsha Matsunaga 

Triton Times 
lpeid politiceledveniaemantl 

MUIR COLLEGE COUNCIL 
CANDIDATES 

The Muir student government is unresponsive to the 
students' demands. Mainly because the students .don't 
make themselves known. I feel that this is the main 
problem. It seems as the students need someone they 
can talk to and tell their problems and give their ideas 
to. 

I will see that I am available for these needs and will 
be highly responsive to all problems. So if you need 
someone you can talk to and someone who will 
respond --I am your man. 

Apathy is your greatest enemy -- don't forget to vote 
for the Muir College Council. 

I would like to see the Muir College Council's efforts 
directed toward: 
1. the improvement of student-faculty relations; . 
2. the motivation of more elective courses; 
3. an investigation into Muir housing policy - the 
implementation of recommendations from this in-
vesti gati 0 n. 

My presence on, the Council will be directed toward 
these issues. 

I, Marsha Matsunaga, am a candidate for the MCC. 
It's my way of trying t9 make attending Muir the most 
beneficial and enjoyable experience possible. I w ill 
work to the best of my ability to see that issues and 
projects that represent the interests and needs of the 
students are made reality. 

I would like to hear from the students as to what 
they would like to see done. Having been a House 
President and on the Judiciary Committee .and Muir 
Resident Hall Council, I feel that I have the experience 
and knowledge to well serve the students at Muir. 

. My name is Rick Trontz and I'm running for a 
position on Muir College Council. I'm presently a 
junior majoring in Economics and Sociology. _I feel that 
being a Muir Dean's Intern and a Muir House Advisor 
have given me a good insight as to what Muir students 
would like to see and qualify me for a position on 
MeC. 

If I were to be elected as a representative I would 
continue to try to find what the students would like to 
see implemented into Muir College. There is also a lot 
of room to create new programs and policies, which I 
would striv, to do. 

The Muir College Council is a very importan~ 
position. The Council controls a large sum of money. It 
is the duty of the Council to distribute the money in a 
fair and unprejudiced way. 

I feel that I am qualified and capable of fulfilling 
these needs in the interests of the students, and that I 
will be open to discussion on any subject that disturbs 
you about this un-disturbing school. 

ELECTIONS WILL BE HELD 

Mark Kiein 

WEDNESDAY, 15 AND THURSDAY, MAY 15 
9·4. pm MUIR UPPER QUAD 

Page five 



Triton Times 12, 1975 

/' ;v 

IJl2lZISt 

~ I * 0-cr 
* ~.{::( -tt 

* 
~* 

0 {) 
* <{;1* 
• if 

J>l>IZI t 
From the General Book Depart-

ment: 
ANSEL ADAMS , IMAGES, 1923-

1970, 
A MaRnificent book of 

photographs 
that sells for 565.00 -

• FREE, TO THE LUCKY WINNER! 

Triton Times 

MonQay through Thursd~y , 
Whene\lerthe alarm dock rIngs , 

a customer at the "lucky cash 
register" wins a prize! . 

lSEVENTEEN free gifts in 
this category alone!) 

* 
* 

* 
* 

{r. 
* 



Papeilbt 

Master ~n • •. 
Continued f 0l'Il Pale 1 

project approach but a " true 
integration of s cioeconomic 
groups" within housing areas. 

Arbitrarl Whim 

Shepard considers the non-
discretionary contract necessary 
to allow property owners the 
assurance that if they meet the 
set requiremen~ they will be 
allowed to build -- that they will 
not spend money developing 
plans, only to be turned down by 
an arbitrary whim of the Council. 

Triton Tim. 

Camp Pendleton . • . 
Continued from Pale 1 

that a sponsorship is a moral commitment to support a refugee until he 
is able to find a place to live and work . It is not a legal relationship. 

Stevens says 8,384 refugees have been cleared to leave Camp 
Pendleton . They have been processed, cleared through security, and 
have been lucky enough to find sponsors. 

Many of these, however, are already US citizens or are dependents 
of citizens, and were only expected to stay at Pendleton for a week to 
ten days at the most. 

He says most of the refugees in the first wave through the pipeline 
were either dependents or citizens. "The second group was the high 
risk group - they worked for the United States, for US private cor-
porations, or were high enough up in the Saigon government so that 
they considered it dangerous to stay in the country." 

Twenty-five percent of the high risk group are professionals; less 
than 1% are farmers . The middle ground consists mostly of clericals 
and other bureaucratic cogs. 

This breakdown, then, approximates the nature of the Pendleton 
refugees. Some of those employed by certain companies have been 
gathered up by their employers -- there are signs everywhere, for in-
stance, directing Vietnamese employees of IBM to certain offices to be 
claimed . The Chase-Manhattan Bank has found 131 of its Vietnamese 
employees. 

Stevens. however, says not all the companies have the hiring 
capacity to employ these workers in their United States offices . Some 

Monday, May 12, 1975 
Marines, said Stevens, do not want to expand beyond the stated 18,000 
capacity, because it will "hamper the Corl's' ability to do its job 

militarily ~' ~ 
Although the state department's toll-free number in Washington, 

DC, has been receivinl! 800-1000 information calls about sponsorships 
daily and Pendleton has received more than 2000 calls in the last six 
days, it is clear that not all the refugees at Pendleton will find voluntary 
sponsOrs . 

What happens to these refugees? " There are nine worldwide 
resettlement agencies - two are nonreligious," Stevens says. And he 
added, "I have some questions about the sectarian resettlement 
groups." 

Because the South Vietnamese assimilation effort differs in one way 
from the influx of Hungarian (1956) and Cuban (1960) refugees that are 
so often compared to the present situation : as radio station KNX in Los 
Angeles commented in an editorial Friday, the Vietnamese are not 
white or Christian . 

I t has been reported that the mail to the White House has been 
running more than half against the presence of the refugees in the 
United States; the ' office of Sen . Alan Cranston (D-Calif .) reports 
receivi ng mail 95 to one against the Vietnamese. 

••• 

Weare proposed an amend-
ment to remove the non-
discretionary contract from the 
density bonus plan that was voted 
down 3-1 with Tom Pearson 
absent. Then the bonus wa~ 
approved unanimously. 

of them will be, by necessity, funneled back to the tents at Pendleton. The loudspeakers in each of the seven refugee areas of Camp 
"The military was told to plan to have the refugees on the base of 90 Pendleton drone all day. In Vietnamese-and, in the one area that is 

There was also another effort to 
assure low cost housing, as the 
Planning Department proposed 
construction, on the west side of 
highway 101 between 10th and 
13th streets, of commercial 
buildings with residential housing 
on top. The Council hopes this 
will c reate student housing, 
because, in Shepard's words , 
"people with a lot of money don't 
like to live on top of stores ." 

days," said Stevens. Now, he says, that may have been " optimi'stic ." separate from Talega, Cambodian - they give instructions for 
California state officials, when they th~ght as many as 100,000 processing, tell the refugees where they can and cannot go, and warn 

refugees would enter the state, seemed frightened that the already of dangers to safety on the rough land. They do not, however, give 
strained job market - that cannot employ citizens already here, they . news from Indochina where the families and friends of the refugees 
said - would not be able to accommodate the Vietnamese. now live under Comm'unist rule . 

But the refugees want, and expect, to find employment. They are And the new residents of Pendleton do not seem very curious. When 
willi ng to work, but they want the gover~ment to find the jobs . they are told that the press in the US has indicated that the Viet Cong 

And It was announced Saturd~y morning that 500 more Vietnamese have not embarked on a "bloodbath ," against government and military 
had landed at EI Toro ~arlne Air Base - where 25,000 refugees have officials·or anyone else, they simply shrug . 
already arrived - and wl.1I need a place to stay. . It is evident that as much faith is put in the US press by these 

It appe.ars that there IS no room at Pendleton, and that there will be re fugees as they put in the Saigon press before the fall of the South 
none until some of the refugees already there are able to leave. The Vietnamese government. 

Applications are now being 'accepted for the new Mesa Apartments that will be 
available for the fall 1975 opening. 

THE APARTMENTS: 
Are located 11/2 miles east of the campus; 
Are two bedroom furnished units ; 
Will accommodate up to four students; 
For UCSD students only; 
Reslde·nt advisors wi II be available; 

Bicycl~) I?ath has been marKed; 
San Dledo Transit Buses operate from the apartments ; 

Linen ~ furnished and laundered weekly ; 
Appro< imately $92.00 a month per student ; 

NEED HOUSING? 
STudENTS MAy Apply iNdiVidlJAlly OR iN GROUPS of 2, J, OR 4 
Applir:ations and further Information may be obtained from the HOUSing 
Assistance Office 
located in Build ing "250 Matthews Campus, 
Telephone number is 452-3670, or you may write to : 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
BOX 109, LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA 92037 
ATTN :' HOUSING ASSISTANCE OFFICE 

0-020, BUILDING "250 MC 

And the Marines are not making information about the present state 
of affairs in the refugees' homeland readily available. None of the 
Vietnamese the Triton Times spoke with had seen a newspaper since 
they arrived - they are not sold in the commisaries in the areas . No 
effort is being made to suppress information - many refugees, for 
instance, have radios. and listen to them often. 

But most of the refugees feel they understand the Viet Cong, perhaps 
better than American newscasters and reporters . That is why they are 
living in tents in Southern California . 

••• 

Do Ngoc Giao was an electrician in the South Vietnamese air force, 
and now lives in the San Onofre area of Camp Pend leton where most of 
the Cambodians are staying, along with a few Vietnamese . He wore 
silver air force wings on the lapel of his jacket. 

" I am here because I did not want to live under the Viet Cong, " he 
said . He also said he thought he might have been killed had he stayed. 

Giao's situation is better than most - he is highly ski lled, and has 
brothers living in Hawaii and Florida . He has two sons, one of whom 
was born two weeks ago in Guam after Giao and his family were 
evacuated from Vietnam. His son is now an American citizen. 

Although-Giao is living in the US now, and may never return to his 
home, he says he is glad peace has returned to his country. 

Continued on Page 9 

FOR AN ADVANCED DEGREE IN ~sgjr~ 
NEflED:ANY BAQBIJI6 DEGREE 
MOTIVATION·MA1\RTV • HIGH GPA 

ZR 
~+~E 
INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING IS A DISCIPLINE AC-
CESSIBLE TO GRADUATES IN BOTH TECHNICAL AND 
NON-TECHNICAL AREAS. IT MAY BE LESS A CHANGE 
IN FIELD FOR YOU THAN YOU THINK! FIND OUT! 
HEAR OUR STORY, CONSIDER YOUR FUTURE AND THE 
JOB SITUATION, AND THEN DECIDE FOR YOURSELF! 
THE DEPART~NT HEAD WILL BE ON CAMPUS FOR 
INTERVIEWS ON MAY 13TH. FOR AN APPOINTMENT 
CALL PLACEMENT OFFICE (452-3750) RIGHT NOW. 

Monday, May 12,1975 

Camp Pendleton . 
Continued on Pilge 8 

• • 

Former South Vietnamese Premier Nguyen Cao Ky is living at 
Pendleton as a refugee. He says he won 't leave the base until the last 
refugee has left, although he has expressed some interest in becoming 
ei ther a taxi driver or a farmer . 

Ky has also been sent an application for the job of superintendent of 
the Los Rios Community College district near Sacramento. 

On Saturday, Ky allowed photographers into his tent for a few 
moments . He sat on his cot, a distinguished and contained man in crisp 
khakis, writing on index cards . He did not look up . 

Later. a planned meeting with reporters outside his tent was can-
celled- an aide said Ky was tired . 

••• 

I n the San Onofre area of Camp Pendleton, about four miles from 
Talega, a bell pierced the drone of the loudspeaker that told the 1000 
Cambodians there to stay out of the street and to obey the MPs. There 
were three Buddhist priests. clad in colored robes. in front of an altar. 

About 20 refugees, some wearing white towels to protect their heads 
from the sun, others in green US Army jackets, stood with their heads 
down. and bowed as one priest rang the bell. The service was short, 
afterwards , the members of the small con ;~regation gathered their 
chi Idren, who had been playing in the grass, and walked back to the 
quon et hu ts . 

••• 

The Cambodians are kept separate from the Vietnamese at Pen-
dleton . The Marines say it is because " they have a separate language 
and a separa te cui ture ." 

But also the Cambodian picture is, as one refugee put it, "ugly ;" 
perhaps more 0 than the si tuation in Vietnam. There have been 
unconfirmed reports , through the state department, that the victorious 
Kh mer Rouge have killed 80 top government officials and thei r wives. 
And the refugee added that he had read that the Communists had also 
killed a group of monks who refused to leave a pagoda when ordered . 

This is the kind of information that the refugees trust. I t is the bad 
news they expected when they left their countries. 

The refugee said he was a hotel manager and a radio operator in 
Phnom Phen. Some members of his family are still in Cambodia . 

But he could not say they were in Phnom Phen, where he left them, 
because there are few people in the Cambodian capital city any more. 
Most of the ci tizen have been sent to indoctrination centers miles 
away. 

He aid he had three brothers who had worked for the military, but 
that they had quit before the fall of the regime and might be safe . 
" Phnom Phen residents who fought back will be killed," he said . 

He sa id he knew the United States had provided " lots of suppl ies" to 
the Cambodian government, but that the government "didn't use them 
to help the people " He said i t had been a corrupt government. and 
that the people hated it. They didn't hate the Ameri cans, but he feels 
the US now owes the refugees jobs and security . 

"The American government brought me here. I don't know about 
American traditions. or the American way of life . 

" I will have to start from zero." 

.KI VP .&, STO •• 
Spring Ski Sole 

, ... 

All new clothing and skiis 
at (ock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENUE. 
4~4-1410 

aIPIIID! 

.. ..,-
1MIf ............. _ 
,._It,. .. ......... 
..... _,.. .. rnIag 
...... p.ap ..... ..., 
1IrtIi .... · ... .., 1iI1"_ 

---
.. ',!!!! ... 

GROIIMONT cstTB C714) 411-11. 
(heM .,nl.) ~=~ Center Drlv. 

............. 

Triton Times 
UTe ... 

Continued from Page 4 
hazards from planes operating 
out of Miramar Naval ~tation . 
took a neutral sta nce Thursday 
aptain William Franklin. 

commanding officer of Miramar , 
~aid he wa s sa tisfied that studies 
into the matter by Hahn revealed 
the problem to be less ser ious 
than had been thought. 

Ensemble ... 
Continued from Page 10 

demon trations and condu cts 
workshops to provide individuals 
with authentic experience and 
practical instruction In the 
traditions of the African p r-
f ormi ng arts 

Ticke ts for the program at $2 
for the general public and $1 for 
UCSD students are available at 
the box office in the student 
center 

lobs and Tours .. 
Continued from Page 2 

and South America for the 18 to 
25 age group. The tours are 
relatively unstruc tured , allowing 
participants much freedom . 
Accommodations are i n 
moderate or budget class hotels . 

For the first-time traveller, 
Study Tours of Whittier, 
Ca liforn ia, operates more 
structured tours and gives the 
option of earning college credit. 

Osborne Travel of Atlanta has 
the 'U ncoln Continental ' of 
student tours. The programs are 
expensive but include unusual 
experiences for the extra money. 
For example. when visiting the 
Van Gogh museum in Am-
terdam, Osborne groups spend 

an hour In the office of the 
museum's curator - the world's 
authority on Van Gogh . before 
he per~onally escorts the group 
around the museum . On the 
I ta lian Riviera , a tour includes ski 
boat and scuba gear . 

BI LL KELLER 

Protest ... 
Continued from Page 2 

one Friday afternoon. and lor just 
one hour. .. and people once more 
just walked by on their way to 
class. 

BRIAN O 'LOUGHLIN 

Page nine 

Res ident Dea ns . . . 
Continued from Page 1 

dean. r red Henderson has said that he does not want to stay on per-
manently 

According to Murphy, Revelle is losing its current reSident dean . 
Rick Bayer, because he will be moving over next year to a similar job at 
the new Turnkey Apartments for undergraduates. 

A new resident dean is needed at Fourth College because Jenny 
Murray, the acting dean. is seeking a non-resident position Although 
she was the only tudent affairs staffer thiS year, the Increased Fourth 
College enrollment next year will make additional personnel necessary. 

• Third College 
Third College is also looking for a new reSident dean . Yolanda 

TreVinO has been the interim dean since last year . Murphy noted that 
next September, Third College students will be living In the new Step 
O ne residence units at the north end of the campus - If they are 
finished In time. Fourth College students will , in turn , move Into the 
Matthews campus housing now used by Third . 

Murphy said that there are three resident dean search committees 
one for Third Coilege, one for Muir and a joint committee for Revelle 
and Fourth . 

Each committee is composed of appro)(imately ten people, Including 
taff and students . Murphy Indicated that they should have l ittle 

trouble fi nding qualified resident deans, since over 200 candidates 
have applied . The chOices should be made by the end of thiS quarter, 
so that the new staff can be hired by summer. Murphy said that the 
main qua lifi cations for resident dean are extensive experience and a 
good relationship wi th students 

BUGGEd? TAppEd? 
AEGIS electron ic counter 
measures will protect 
your privacy . 
You are not defenseless 
under the discreet eye of 
the AEGIS . 
For i nformation on 
systems and serv ice 
write: 
AEGIS Electron ics 
P.O.Box 81616 
San Diego, Calif . 92138 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sal. 
8:45··5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

7k~~ 
4IUt~~ 

fu-tk~~~,~ 
~ S-~ ltIrillll"'~ e1::. L.4'lYI~ 

fu- "lUte •. 
WEDNESDAY , May 14 MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
8 : 00 p.m. U.C .S.D. Student $1 .00 Gen. Adm ission 
$2.00 Tickets available at Student Center Box Office 
452-4559 or 452-4092 

ATTENTION STUDENTS 
SAVE $5.00 

May 12th &13th the John Roberts representative will ~e in the 
University Bookstore to assist you with your U.C.S.D. class ring order. 

During this time you can save $500 on the purchase 
of any man's siladium or any ladies gold class ring. 



Page ten Triton Times Monday. May 12. 1975 ~\c~o~nc~ert=S==:~~=iC=h8=rd=Y=e=P~I------------~~~==--~A~f~ri~c-a-n-~~u-s~ic--a-n-d~D~ance 
. h· h J h D Ensemble Here Wednesday Gett ng Hig Wit 0 n enver rhe African Music and Dance 

Ensemble of UC Berkeley will 
John Denver (ame to the Sport . Arena Tue day 

night. One of 'lis favorite phrases, "Farrr-outl", 
would not be enough to d crib the " natural high" 
that this reviewer experienced throughout Denver's 
performan ce. • 

Denver had cho en Liberty a the opening act in 
this spring's concert tour The band mixes country, 
jazz , and ome rag in producing a different, yet 
very pleasing sound . 

Liberty I new, at least to most an Diegans, and 
it took a few songs for the audience to see if they 
enjoyed their slant on music . Although the 
audien<;e continued to fill the Arena and buzz 
loudly, they led off with , "Your Cheating Heart ," 
an old Hank Williams tune, and continued with 
songs by the I nkspots and one entitled "Oh Me Oh 
My Miss Molly, I'm in Love With You " It was 
obviou as the crowd clapped along with Liberty 
that the group had been received well . 

Approximately 40 minutes later, John Denver 
came on stage, welcomed by dozen of flashbulb . 
He performed hiS hit "Sunshine" first . Singing 
"Sun hine almost always make me high," it 
eemed, from the audience's re ponse, that when 

the unshlne couldn 't make one high , hearing 
Denver's vOice could . 

Denver continued with his past hit, " Rocky 
Mountain High." The crowd seemed ecstatic about 
both Denver's song and the film and slides of nature 
scenes which were shown behind him . 

What must be noted is that through Denver's 
music, and the introductions he gives to some of his 
songs, he is describing various experiences and 
feelings of his life . While Denver's music is 
currently popular, it is much more enriching to 
know that it is his life he is opening to the audience. 

Denver's song "Matthew" is the true story of an 
uncle of his. Unfortunately, the accompanying film 
of the flowing wheat fields, and the scene of the 
twister that brought the " hard times" on to Mat-
thew took away from Denver'S singing. As the scene 

ENGINEERING 

of the tWI ter appear , one of the musicians plays 
his cymbal to accentllilte the force -- a sorry 
di,trac tlon to Denver 's vOice 

Denver performed three new songs At least two 
of them eem hitbound . One was a love song 
entitled , " I'm Sorry, " the next wa " Looking for 
Space," and finally "Calypso," a song dedicated to 
Captain Jaqu Cousteau and members of the 
Ca lypso who carry out oceanographic research . 

"Calypso" IS not written as typical hit material , 
but somehow, it doe n't appear that Denver really 
mind . As aid earlier, it was an experience of his 
life which he is sharin g with people. It seems that 
Denver , through most of his music is aying, "Well , 
thiS is me, this is what I'm all about." and my 
feeling is that if things didn't se ll . it almost appears 
that Denver would say, "Well . that's cool, I just 
wanted to tell you what I fee!. " 

De~ver write mostol his own material, but isn't 
afraid to p dorm other composers songs when they 
apply to him . "Grandma's Feather Bed" by Jim 
Connor, wa a down-home ong that had the 
audience c lapping and loudly stomping 

Performing over 20 songs , Denver mixed his 
"greatest hits " with some of the lesser known songs 
that appear on his latest album , " An Evening with 
John Denver." recorded at the Amphitheatre in 
Universal ity last year . 

The an Diego concert was Denver 's 36th in 33 
days The wear and tear on ly showed near the end 
of the concert when his voice cracked noticeably 
during "Eagle and the Hawk " The audience was 
nonplussed. however, and ovated the song air the 
more enthusiastically. 

Denver's concert conclUSion began with some 
"hard pickin '" as he and his band, JOined bYLiberty 
performed some bluegras . rollowing thiS , Denver 
performed "Thank God I'm a Country Boy" which 
drove most of the audience to its stomping feet. 

Denver's " opening up" of himself is what this 
r viewer enjoyed the most. The feeling that he 
generates, his often-yelled-by-the-audience " farrr-
out" and his " natural high" songs all combine to 
give one a "Rocky Mountain High ." 

perform at 8 pm Wednesday in 
the Mandeville auditorium. 

I n Iud din the group's 
program will be the traditional 
music and dances of several 
African ethniC groups elections 
Will show th role of music and 
dance In relrgion , birth. puberty. 
courtship, marrrage, recreation 
and war 

rhe 28-memb r ensemb le 
consists prlmarrly nf UCI3 
s tuden Is and' I n teres ted members 
of the Berkeley and Oakland 
communi ie . Directing the group 
is its founder. C.K. Ladzekpo, a 
member of the music and Afro-
American stud ies faculties at 
Berkeley and a native of Ghana. 
West Africa. 

Special guest artists in the 
group 's UCSD performance wi II 
be Kwaku Ladzekpo , Kobla 
Ladzekpo, Togbui Safokla II and 
Dzidzogbe Lawluvi 

The group considers itself a 
living museum for the preser-
vation. tudy and display of 

C. K. Ladzekpo, (ollndero/the 
African Mllsic and Dance 
Ensemble . 
tradi tional music and dance of 
Africa with speCial emphasiS on 
Ghana. In addition to its per-
formances. the ensemble gives 

Continued to Page 9 

Final Symphony This Weekend 
The La Jolla Civic/ University 

Symphony directed by Thomas 
Nee. will conclude its season 
Saturday at 8 pm in the Man-
d ville auditorium and Sunday. in 
Sherwood Hall at the La Jolla 
Mu eum of Contemporary Art. 

The final concert is (n keeping 
with the Civic Orchestra 's 
tradition of bringing quality 
music to the community . Piano 
Concerto No. 1 by Scrrabin, one 
of the picturesque figures I n the 
transition from romanticism to 
the twentieth ce ntury . will 
feature Jerri Lee Owen. pianist. 
Romantic SympllOnie Fantastique 

by Berliol . " father of modern 
orchestration" and Inyo-Zu, a 
cant mporary work by UC an 
Diego tampa er Michael McGee, 
conduct d by graduate composer 
Tom Nunn , round out the 
program. 

The coming season, planned by 
musIc director Thomas Nee, 
chairman of the UC San Diego 
music department , is unique In 
the range and variety of 
programs. In addition to the five 
major concerts. three chamber 
concerts featuring Youth Talent 
winners and everal coffee 
concerts wi II be presented a a 
bonus to subscribers of the series . 

GRADUATES / SENIORS 
B.S. in engineering, physics, math, chern . Age 19-25. U.S. citizen. NUCLEAR POWER training as 

COMMISSIONED NAVAL OFFICER. Start $10,000+year after Officer Candidate School. Must be willing 
to G ccept 1 year, Navy financed, grad-level nuclear reactor training after 19 weeks OCS . . Could be 

earn ing $ 18,000 in 4 years 

JUNIORS 
Earn $600 a month during your senior year and guaranteed nuclear grad school follOWing graduation . 

If interested in a responsible iob 8. worldwide travel with an outstanding employer, Contact · 

LT. RICK KOOKER 
U.S. NAVY 

(714) 293-6444 

Monday, May 12, 1975 Triton Times 

BB Gimmicks Aid . Attendance 
by Jerry Radich poorly supported youngsters will 

Staff Writer mob the stadium in search of 
Promotional nights serve as '. security . Children under eight can 

baseball's penicillin for at- be given oversized bandages in 
tendance ailments. Nowadays, a lieu of the jock. The beauty of 
fan is hard pressed to go to a this plan is that it lends itself to a 
ballgame where the management n~tural sequel attraction - Cup 
is not celebrati ng some trivial Night . 
occasion, be it Big Mac Giveaway 
Day or Sweatband Day (how 
many eight -year -olds actually 
sweat?). Last week the Dodgers 
drew a record crowd during Ball 
Night, probably due to the 
provocative implications of the 
promotional title . 

Nevertheless some clubs, 
notably the San Francisco Giants, 
have had difficulty drawing any 
fans no matter what type of 
gimmick they use. At most 
Giants' games this year, it would 
be quicker to introduce the fans 
than the starting lineups. What 
the Giants desperately need are 
new types of promotional nights, 
designed to appeal to people who 
were previously too busy to go 
and freeze in Candlestick Park. 
Here are some crafty suggestions 
that I . and my equally 
degenerate friends have dreamed 
up. 

Athletic Supporter Night 
Most clubs give away bats, 

hats. and balls, but they neglect 
the most important piece of 
equi pment on the athlete's body -
- his jock strap . Let all people over 
eight years of age receive free 
jocks after buying a ticket, and I 
assure the San Francisco 
management that hoardes' of 

Obesity Night 
We often tend to scorn and 

scoff at the overly obese, but this 
herd of potential customers 
should not be lightly overlooked, 
for they are definite fan potential. 
Perhaps many obese people are 
insecure about going to a game 
under normal circumstances, but 
there is no tell ing how en-
thusiastic they might be if given a 
chance to attend a game free of 
possible embarrassment. Under 
this scheme, people weighing 
over 300 Ibs. would get one seat 
free, and a 50% discount on the 
adjoini ng seat.· All food would be 
free, except for dietary foods, 
which of course would sell for 
exhorbitant prices. 

VD Night 
We are informed by every 

medical institution in America 
that VD is now at epidemic 
proportions . Epidemic translates 
as 'a lot of folks : and this 
multitude of infected people 
reflects definile fan potential. All 
the SF management has to do is 
lure these people away from the 
enjoyment of spreading the 
disease and into the ballpark. 

Think of the attendance 
possibilities - in SF alone there 
must be enough VD victims to fill 

up the park foc an entire four 
game series! The plan is this: any 
person complaining of VD 
symptoms at the admission gate 
will be admitted free, and given a 

1M BS 

glass slide for a smear test to 
boot. The money wi II be made off 
the medicinal concessions, such 
as penicillin peanuts and hot dogs 
with erythromycin spread. This 

All Cal Team at UCR 
by Dave Eisen 
Sta ff Writer 

The top intramural athletes in the UC system were in action this 
weekend in the AII-<:al Intramural Festival at UC Riverside. Com-
petition was in softball, table tennis, innertube water polo, volleyball, 
and tennis, all coed . 

UC San Diego had participants in each event: Ron Werft's team in 
volleyball, the Renol::is in softball, the Cheap Shots in water polo, and 
two other squads ' were announced later. The main idea of the 
competition was not to actually see which school was better, as no 
point totals were kept . I nstead, there was an exchange of ideas, and the 
opportunity for students to meet other students and see other schools. 
Intramural officials are expecting a trip to a northern school next year. 

... 

UCSD's intramurals are now in the last three weeks of spring activity . 
The record-high total of 133 coed and men's softball teams are vying 
for a spot in the play-offs . Saturday, May 31 and Sunday, June 1 are the 
days now set aside for the softball play-offs . 

Two All-Star softball games, billed as grudge matches, have also 
been sc heduled on two Wednesdays, May 14 and 21 , at 5:00. The Ax; 
led by Lee Johnson will take on the Magnificent Nine, headed by Harry 
Bloom. 

••• 

The newest UCSD intramural sport, indoor soccer, is thriving. 
Playing Tuesday nights and Sundays, the participants act like they've 
been playing the game for years . 

Innertube water polo is going well . It's played Wednesday, Friday, 
and Sunday, sometimes until midnight. 

Floor hockey is relatively new, and both the men's and coed teams 
have been quite successful. 

promotional device could be 
expanded to other diseases, such 
as Psoriasis Night, where any fan 
showing sig'ns of itching and 
flaking would be given a free tube 
ofTegrin. 

Ancient Timers Game 
One of the most worn out 

promotional devices in baseball is 
the Old Timer's Game, where 
greats from the years past play an 
exhibition game of a few innings, 
trying desperately to look athletic 
without getting a heart attack or 
stroke. Sure. the fellows that play 
in these games are old, but the 
trouble is that they aren't old 
enough . Ruth , Gehrig, Johnson, 
Cobb-now those are the great old 
timers. So dig these famous 
corpses out from under the earth, 
dress them in their old uniforms, 
and prop them out there on the 
diamond. Admittedly, the action 
won' t be fast; in fact, there won't 
be any action at all, but what the 
hell, it will give the fans a chance 
to see baseball immortals in the 
flesh4?r, benes . Who could resist 
the opportunity to look upon the 
decayed remnants of the Babe 
heroically attired in his old 
Yankee pinstripes? 

Surely a quick institution of 
these suggestions by the Giant's 
management will boost their 
seemingly nonexistent at-
tendance. And if these gimmicks 
don' t work, 1 suggest driving to 
the mortuary and carting some 
cadavers into the park. They 
won't buy much popcorn, but at 
least there won' t be empty seats. 

. For 52 a Inonth, . 
you can graduate to the AJI-in-One® Checking Plan. 

Even though graduation's going to complicate your financial situation, 
there's no reason it has to stay complicated. Our All-in-One Checking Plan 

meets all your new needs, and more. In one simple package. For a flat fee of $2 a 
month, you get all this: 
1. No minimum balance. No matter 'what your balance is, pay just $2 a month. 
2. Unlimited checkwriting. All the checks you can write. Still only $2 a month. 
3. Free personalized checks. Your choice from our colorful selection. 
4. Check guarantee card. Lets you cash checks up to $100 at any Bank of 

America office worldwide. 
5. Overdraft protection. Our Instant Cash can save you from bounced 

checks. 
6. BankAmericard~ Qualify, and it gives you credit around 

the world, with just one monthly bill. 
7. The Timesaver Statement. Lists checks numerically, 

simplifies your balancing. . 
8. Commission·free BankAmerica Travelers Cheques. 

All you need - no service charge. 
9. Automatic Transfer Service (Optlona)). 

Repay loans or make monthly savings deposits auto-
matically. 

. If you already have our College Plan Checking Account. 
including BankAmericard and Instant Cash, and you opened 
your account after February 26, 1974, you will automatically 
receive the AII-in-One Plan when you graduate. 

If you're not with Bank of America or don't have the 
full College Plan Account, you still have a good chance of 

qualifying for the AII -in-One Checking Plan provided 
you're expecting your 4-year college degree soon and 

have accepted a job in California for $600 a month 
or more. The application is short, simple, and 
you can find it at any of our offices.. So why not 
stop by, talk to one of our Student Reps or New 

Accounts people and fill out your All ·in -One 
application soon. 

m BANKOFAMERICA 



Paptwelve I 

GAY PHONE II ..... An eutNeoh to the 
UC8D Gay OOINII4Intty. l"'orw.UOn or 
Juat _nt to _111,1.·" 11111 
WRITING CUNIC - Help on eny wrhlne 
dtfftcu...... Come to 12M H-L or cell 
412-2122 for en eppolntment. 11111 

SEX CLINIC: Cou .... lntI on S.xlIIIl 
Probl.ml. W.d. I-I pm; R.v.lI. 
CounHIora OffICII lnut to the Rev. 
Provoet OffIcel. Judith Jor,_n. 
M.D,·Hu,h Pe_ Ph.D 131141 

URGENT: To ell atudentl who w.,. In 
URS 111. Fell Quarter 1m. A _rine II 
being held to determine whether or not 
the ,,.dlne policy ueld by the 
prof_or In the! c .... w ... rbltrary. 
S_tlm.nta. written end vwbel e,. 
bedly needed from ell ltudentl thet 
wer. In the c .... to eld e fell_ ltudent 
In hli fI.ht for lultlce. CeN Jem.. E. 
Joh_ITeboollt za.322l111121 

The Fell Schedule of Cle_ will be 
evelleble Monday. Mey 12 It the 
Bookltora or the Sundry Store for 11c. 
111121 
A new Art/Llteratu,. Joumel to be 
oubillhed June 1. All critlcllm .nd 
fiction W.ICOml Ino po.try. ' 
Menuecrlpta .hould be 1_ then .2.ooo 
word •• nd aubmltted by M.y 11 . .... 
97UI or 1115-1211 111111 

KIN IKldneye In Need' Book F.lr N 
M.y 17 In front of So. C.I. 1.t N.tl. 
B.nk 7fIT1 Girard. La Jolle. All t.xt-
bookl 10.. Hundradl of n_ .nd uled 
p.perbeckl Ind herd cove,.. 10. .nd 
up. Orllln Donor Cerda will b. 
.v.llebll, L. Joll. Ch.p .. Kidn.y 
Found.tlon of So. Cel. 111/111 

Triton Tim •• 

What's Happening 
CONTEMPORARY GRAPHIC.: 
SELECTIONS FROM THE LA JOLLA 
MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART. 
M.ndeville Art Oellerv. Mev 7 . June I. 
aundev-Frldev 12 ... For Info 412 ..... 

THIRD STUDENTS: N.xu. office Open 
Hev. problema or IUlt need to lit 
down1 Rm I 412 MC Coli ••• 
Fecilitetora .... 1111/1111 

THE UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA. 
SYSTEMS ft INDUSTRIAL 
ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT will 
h.v. repre •• nt.tlv.. on cempu. 
Tu ... v. More Info end eppta. .t 
Ce,.., Plennine. _ Mt:. 11/121 

BURROUGH'S CORPORATION will be 
Intervl_lng Wed. for .nterlng level 
pOlltiOM In computer prOgramming 
end lyet.m. enalv_ Ion the lob 
training .Iv.n.'. Seek. ltud.nta with. 
BA In Computer Sclenc. or Meth Iwlth 
• om. computer prOgramming'. Mor. 
Infor end .ppta. et Cer .. r Plennln •. _ 
MC. 1I/121 

"Lectu,. No..... . A new .tud.nt 
orlllniution .pproved by the unlv.raIty 
er. n_ belng.old In front of USB Z722. 
Qualified .rad. upper dlvl.lon .tudenta 
ft A' •• ,. taking the not ... ".00 for the 
full que"'" not.. In typewritten 
_tMce form. Tim .. Sold 

P.y 2I-And.,.on 
Ch.m 3b-Olterralcher 

T. Th. 12:10 
M.W.F2:4Ii 

1111/14' 

Anyone wl.hln. to .pply for the .tatu. 
of reco.nlzed offlcl.1 print medium 
.hould notify the CommunlcetloM 
board. In writing • • t Ita .tud.nt c.nter 
offiCI befora the board'. M.y 15 
meeting. Copl .. of the Dutl .. of the 
r.cognized offici. I m.dlum ar. .1.0 
.v.lI.bl •• t the .tud.nt c.nter. 11/14' 

REVELLE STUDENTS: Revelle Com-
mittee on Col.... Affalra I RCCAI 
electloM Mey 21/22. Petition of 100 
word .te .. ment end 2 plctufll mult b. 
aubmltted bv M.y 14th PetItI_ 
R.v.lI. Provo.t Offlc.. R.v.lle 
Relldent D .. n·. OffIce end Commuter 
.nd Student Advocey Center. 14110 
apply for nut y .. r'1 Revel., rap. on 
BRG.II/211 

The Bleck Sleterhood meetln. will be In 
Muir Apt. T.V. Lounge on Tu ... M.v 11 
.t 12:GO InItHd of Woman'. Center. 
Thll _k only. 11/121 

Coop M •• tln. Mondey. 1:10. the 
Student C.nter Conf.ranc. Room. 
Happening: election of .xtamal effelra 
Statewide Coordinator. BRG bud .. t 
requ ..... Amandm.nta of the Prop_I. 
111/12) 
G.y Studenta MMtln. - Mondey. Mey 
12 - 7 pm. Blek. Confer.nc. Loun ••. 
N_ m.mbera w.lcom •. 11/12' 

CPB Subcomml .... MMtln •• · 
Gym Conc.rt. today. noon. Lectura. 
Tu ... 4 pm - both In ert ft lectu,.. of-
flc •• St. C.nter. 11/12' 

ACld.mlc DI.hon.ltv Commltt •• 
m.mbe,. would Ilk. to m .. t with 
.tud.nt. Int .... t.d In dl.cullin. 
Ac.d.mlc DI.hon .. ty et UCSD. M.y 14 
In the R.v.II.lnformal Lounge. 111112' 
Th. CommunlcetioM Board will mMt 
Thursdey .t noon In the .. r.. con-
fer.nc. room of the Stud.nt C.nter. 
111/14' 

BINI'I dl.cuRlon. Tu •• d.y 10:00 .nd 
7:30 Stud.nt C.nt.r UPP.r Loung. 
111/12' 

RAP WITH' THE ACADEMIC ADVISING 
STAFfIlIl The Third Col .... Acedemlc 
Advl.lne Staff Invlt .. ell ThIrd Col .... 
ltudenta to • weekly rap .nd Info 
_Ion Wed 2 to 4. MC412. Rm. nx4110 
for Info. 11/121 

ALL GRAD STUDENTS ft TAS 
-MEETING TONIGHT OF GRAD 
STUDENTS UNION 7:00 p.m .. US. 2122 
11/121 

Tren.c.nd.ntel Medlt.tore: Adv. 
mMtlng .nd .roup meditation on 
tonlte 7 pm. In Revelle Informal Lounge. 
Joe Rieker. -.-. -.1. ISIM., 
11112' 

Introductory lectu,. on Tranacendental 
Medltetlon ITM' for In"""'" non-
medltetora Tu .... t Noon .nd 7:. PM 
In Rev.lI. Formal Loun ••. Joe Rieker. 
"1140. -...ISIMSIIIII12' 

Third Coli ... Junior M .. tln •. Gredu.t • 
Opportunl..... Prape,. you...... n_. 
don't welt. M.y 14. 7:GO pm-I:GO p . m. 
Student C.nter Confer.nc. Room. 
Brln •• frl.nd. 11/141 

B.S. IN ENGINEERING 
Inter .. ted f,..hm.nt - m .. tlng .bout 
new APftlS pro.raml I .. dlng to the 
degr .. of B.S. In Electrical Englneerln. 
.nd In Computer Engl .... rln • . Tueadey. 
12 noon. HSS 2210. 11/12' 

Cer.er Brown Be. Lunch. Nikki 
AI.xander. V.terlnary TechnolOgI.t .t 
UCSD Med SchOOl. Mondey 12:00 et the 
Stud.nt C.nt. 111m. conf. room. 111/12' 

[ activiti~ • I 
Tu ... .'Atomlc.Clf •• St. C.nter Lng. - . 
p.m. 11/12' 

Monday. May 12, 1975 

FILM "The Apartment" with JACK 
LEMMON Mon. May 121 pm Muir lend 
Dim •. 11112' 

"Collective Bergalnlng end tile Futura 
of ubllc Education" TuMdey. I:GO pm 
R_11e Formel Lounge 11/121 

"COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AND THE 
FUTURE OF PUBLIC EDUCATION" 
T ..... V. I:GO pm REVELLE FORMAL 
LOUNGE 11112' 

Poetry - Wed. Mev 14. Klthy Acker. 4 
pm. Student Center Loun... FREE 
11/14' 

There will be e reception for M.u_ 
O'Co_ on Mey 11th from 1:GO . 2:GO 
pm In the Women'. C.ntar-L_er Muir 
Com mona. ThI. reception will foll_ 
her pr_ntatlon et 12:GO In the Student 
C.nter Loung • . 11/12) 

Fr .. dey et Arlce Mey 17. from 10 em to 
5 pm. W.·ra .t 2100 Ith Av •. c.n ~ 
33Z2 for further Information. 1111/12' 

ANZA-BORREGA DESERT TRIP . Set. 
5-17. 8 .m" pm. SI.n up In Rev.lI. 
R .. ld.nt D .. n·. offlc. by "'1111/12' 

TEST ANXIETY GROUP - Thu,.. I:" 
II:GO, Rev.11e CouoselO,. 0ffI0e. ~. 
Led by Mr. Larry Hed ... ft Hu.h Pe_ 
111114' 

Wed" Mey l' 12 noon "R_rch to 
R .. llty" " Follborne" USB 212211/14' 

Com. ft leern Polyn .... n Dencln. with 
u • . International center Tueedey. 1:10. 
Stud.nt Center Wed .• 1:10. - H. NOIIanl 
D.nc. Company. 11/121 

l----------Advertisements for Ourselves ----------l 

r for sale 
1. EI C.mlno. mint condition. low 
mll .. g • . n_ tlr ... rim •• tran.ml .. lon. 
4-.pd .• h .. d .... mu.t _ to .ppreclltl. 
$12l1li753-2&70 ev.nlng • . 15/12) 
C.lculatorl T.x., In.trumlnt. like 
n.w. Mul. Apta N·7 463-7948. After 6 
pm Mikl (5/12' 

Craig 8-track tapa pl.yer w /.p .. k ... 
($80. ' S lip, in .nd out for .e.y . torlg •. 
lIk. Nu. Don 462-9547 (5/12' 

3'x8' Cu.tom Work B.nch. wood top 
w ith EI.ctricll outl.t., vic. and 2 
sh.lv .. . heevy duty con.truction $&0. 
Cllliit. (or .nytima' 488-751715/18' 

2 Box . pring. for twin sizi b.d. Ex-
c.lI.nt cond it ion. Ch •• p . 452·8857 
EII.nings. (5/12' 

Mamiy./Sakor 500 DTL Exc.llent 
condit ion plu. fully automatic IX-
tan.ion tub •• $120.00 or b •• t offar. 462· 
9080. (5112' 

Skll. - Sld.r.1 198 cm. Look . Nev.d. 
bindings. Br.nd new. n.ver b.en u.ed. 
$2l1li. 488-8817 btwn 12-4 pm 15/12' 

Plna.onic Ca ... tte R.corder 2 Mon. 
Old. $90 New. Ha. Warranty Pap .... But 
low. Mon.y. $75. or ? K?77 583-2538. 
15/12) 
Cam ... . C.non Ftb Body & 100 mm FL 
L.ns $150. m·OI!f.17. Aft.r 6 pm. Earl 
15/14) 
'70 VW Bug. n.w b .. k ••• clutch. and 
compl.t.ly ov.rh.ul.d .ngln. with 
nlW VW Plrte. Vlry cl.an. $1500. 462-
9380. (5/ 14' 
Mig. wh •• I. w I tir •• mu.t • • 11. Two 
8.5x15 wh •• I. for Ch.v. w I Positractlon 
tlra. - ... Two j'x14 wh'lls for TR-4 wI 

G'oody~ar Polyg a .. tlr •• . $56. 462·2027 
or x21S72. 15/12' 

Nylon-2 Dlvlng (Hov •• 1 Brand N.wl 462· 
9l1li6. John 15/12, 

71 Camaro 360. ' -.pd • • Ir. PS. PB. n.w 
Pllnt. radial T.A ... . terlO. du.1 exhau.t. 
etc. Taking off ... 41i2·96n. St.v • . (5/ 1., 

S.ar·. Calcul.t,r Excillent condition 
462·9833 $100. 15 191 

Sp •• k ... ·two lNay Marantz 4G·. ex· 
c.lI.nt condltl .. n $IIi p.lr. Tarry-462-
110315/18' 

W.t . ult. full I.ngth body glov • . u •• d 
only. f.w tim ••. $74 v.lue for $&0. 1150 
Ibl. 5'10" 75:J..U74. Ed 15/14) 
1171 Capri · vinyl top n.w br.k ••• n_ 
.t •• 1 belted radi.l. . 1960.00 or but 
offer. Ru .. _216315/12, 

A.frlg. MO.. Ward rob. $20. 488-83 
(5/14' 

Bo .. 901 d lrect/ refllctlng .p •• ker . 
.y.t.m with equilizer .325. 27S-111O 
151111' 

73 D.taun Pickup · top condition - 21 
mpg clmper .h.lI. carp.t.d b.d • • t .. 1 
b.lt.d radl.l. Barblr •• t 462-4027 or 
744-6319 .v .... w •• klnd. $21150.00151111' 

Rectllin •• r loway , p.lk.,.. $75 p.lr. 
Cabln.ts .cratch.d. nothing .1 •• wrong 
with th.m. J.m •• 462-832915/ 19' 

VOX COUGAR BASS GUITAR Lik. new 
.125/ offer F.ndar Showman Bottom 
with tw0-15 inch JBL Ba .. Sp.lk ... -
B •• t off.r . St.VI 468-2390 x403 w.ek-
dly.15/ 12) 

YAMAHA RD-360. Bog ••. Rack ft Box. 
Extr ... Superb( 755-3538 Ev.ning • . 
$70011 15/ 23' 

Hal! prlc. ch.rter for p.rticlpating 
s.lIo... Nici 42-ft. skipper.d k.tch. 
Pug.t Sound .nd B.C. erchlpal.go 
.umm.r. Wrltl R. Lockard. NI -25. Univ. 
ofW •• h .• S.lttl.98196. (116/111 

B •• t the Book Store by $1.00. 
Prof.ssional audio tip. 1200 ft 
poly.st.r a. n.w 2.75 per r .. 1. 580-1677 
(5/14' 

F.nd.r Vill.g.r guiter $50 or b •• t off.r 
Suth.rland . urfboard 6'9"$70.00 or b •• t 
off.r 463·2863 (5/12) 

personals 
G.t your t.eth Into something Julcyl 
The Food CooP. Blake Hall In.xt to the 
lei r.am Hu.tl.r) 10-4 d.ily 1p6/8, 

JAW: HIPPY B-d.y. lat.r. Konard (5/12' 
RTO . How w.. J.ckson Brown 
Thursd.y? Here'. to tog."'.rn .... CSK 
15/12' 

D.ar .. t Lon. You're . uch a sw •• theert 
Much lov'.15/12, 

Tobi·Qulckl Glt me my tub. of 
Pr.paration " H" my h.mroid. are 
bl •• ding. Standing 15/12' 

Anna B.nan.·. Boutlqu. I. having a 
going·out-of·bu.in... ..I.. Com. by 
.nd Brow ••. L.st W •• kI15/12) 

Elly. I'm in lovi and I' ll do Inythlng for 
you. try m. out PI •••• I K (5/12) 

J.mle and Cindy of BI.kl 2 You ar. the 
sunshin .. of our liv ... We're w.tchlng 
from afar. Lov • . Boy Belutlfu l ft frl.nd 
15/12' 

Chuckl. A.. you lur. you' .. 
programm.d to build • flyln ... ucer. 
K •• p up your lverag • . ADHW 111/12) 

To the helf heed. m.ntel-crlppl. who 
' d.mon.trat.d the profound Ignoranc. 
of I low gt.d.. mind..... m .. got. 
a .. I ... ant. KISS MY A.. BECAUSE 
NOW IT WILL SPEAK I Mr. T. (5/12' 

AC Sparkplug·" Dlzzyl.nd " fu. 
marlvlllolO. iguII qUI Ie paflonelldld 
tUYI. i M. dlv.rtl tantol 1.lpeel.lm.nt. 
cantando contl.o' TI qul .. o. 'LII Alfl. 
P.S. Hi D.R.115/ 12' 

JI.n-Piarr.: Older wom.n .ra the .plci 
of lifl. Ju.t .. k Iny Frenchm.n with .n 
• ccant. Lov • • the n.xt Ann Miller. 15/12' 

Bikini thl.f; I'll give you $20.00 In .x-
chengl for the .uit you took from the 
woman'. locker room. Cell JI.nn. 7tiIi-
8087. (5/12' 

I· housing 
Wanted Jun. 1-15 for .ummer & n.xt 
yeer: 2 bdrm. $190 mo. or I •••. P.B. or 
l.J .. pet.. If you cln h.lp u.. c.1I 
St.phanil aft.rS. 231-9253 Or Robin 462-
9707. Ke.p trying. (5/12' 

LEASE: 2 br. condo. w l w carp.t. pvt. 
garden pltio. gar.g. laundry. pool. 
AVlil.ble M.y 25. L.... $340 mo. 
G.n.... Highl.nd.. 462~ or 463· 
1288. SANDY. lpS/1S' 

I need to find. pl.ce to IIv. from June 
1-June13th. F.m.I • • pref.rebly clot. to 
school·will only Nlve f.w bllon.lngs. 
Will hllp pey R.nt. Electricity. 21 
Contact laurel N.I.w.nder. 463-1114. 
La Joli. Vill.g. Apta. 151111' 

F gred ••• k. rmmt. for cozy 2 br NW 
CLAIRE MONT DUPLEX . Flnc.d 
b.ckyard. ... IV' II. 8/15-7/1 . Ruth 
x2570/270-4792 151111' 

Roommete: Mil • . f.m.I • . Own rGlOm. 
Solana B •• ch •• 112.50 · no .ummer ,.nt 
hikl. Movi In Junl 1. Lloyd·7ti6-83 
.ftlr5:10. 15/ 111 

Hou.e Switch: la Jolle - BOlton. 
Vi.ltlng prof. De.lre. hou •• In La Jolle. 
J.n·Jun. 1971. Will .wltch for hau •• In 
Bo.ton. 588-57111 (116 / 12' 
Sln,l. room In hou •• or .pt w.nted for 
.ummlr through n.xt y.er. Quiet. non-
• mok.r. John 462-170615/14' 

Roomltl nMded June 15-Sept. 11. Own 
room In two bedroom furnlahed hou .. 
In P.B. 11/2 block. from b .. ch. 1 block 
from Tu ••. BIII.xt." ...... 111/111 

Roomm.t. w.nted-.he,. 2 br. hou .. -
CI.lrlmont . • 110.00. month mUlt work 
or .tudy In medlcel field. 21f.I1. 
1111/12' 

Condominimum for rent. 3 BDR 1Yr 
beth. CION to UCSD. RI.lly qul.t. 
AVII .. bl. 3rd we.k of Junl thru S.pt 
10. 462-1721 .vlnlng • . 1&/12' 

Roomm.t. n •• d.d: F.m.l. room mat. 
n.ad.d for furnl.h.d .pt in P.B. own 
room & bath . • 100 plu. utillti ... Clos. 
to bu.lin ••.• hopplng. qul.t-non-
smokera. 270-7381 . Ilk for Wlndl 16/14' 

NEEDED I F.m.l. roomm.t. till .nd of 
qu.rter. $&0. 1 blk from b •• ch. hou •• In 
Del Mer. Clo •• to Co.t Crul •• r. 7116-'" 
(5/12' 

Mil. Roommltl needed for 4-bedroom 
0.1 Mer Ht.. hou... Own room. 
m .50/mo. 1II5-31M3 .v.nlnpll&/12) 

D.pt. of N.uro.cl.nc. need •• ubl.cta 
for brain W'VI .xp.rlm.nt •. now .nd 
through the .ummer . • Zo50/hour. C.II 
Cerol. X3717lp6/12, 

Rid. to S.nta Cruz .... on Thu ... M.y 
15. Will .her. exp.n ••• & driving. 7tiIi-
8970 15/14' 

Studlnt ••• k. Inv.ntlv .... H·confld.nt 
bu.ln ... p.rtner to Iher. work. rllk. 
expen... & proceedl .n routl to .c-
cumul.tion of A LOT OF br .. d during 
• ummer. Goal: to profit .nd Nlv. fun 
dOing it. I h.v. Ixperl.nc •• nd Id ... : 
L.t·. talk. Pi ...... nd n.ml. number 
to: John. Box 3754. S.n Di.,o. 92103 
~5/14' 

Sp .. d R •• d... (II1II wpm or more' 
w.nt.d for P.ych .xp.rlm.nta on 
r .. dln • . • 1 .• /hr. C.II x2&42 Id.y, ... 
4321 lev.' . L .. v. nam. end phone no. 
Merkl&/23, 

Soft. furry kltt.n went.d. Wlilin. to 
pay. C.II Averall.C-_. 1&l14) 

EDUCATIONAL DIRECTOR 
Elt.bll.h.d Ind.p.nd.nt Jlwllh 
Sunday .chool - Send ,"umel inquiry 
P.O. Box 211. La Jolle .... 1111/12' 

TREES. pruned. plented. or ramoved. 
Exp.rt trimming of .hrube end hid .... 
DESIGNING end conattuctlng of .mell 
"ndlCllpe pro)ectl Involving It_. 
brick. wood. end pie..... AI m-_ 
111111 

Let our fin.... do vour TVplntll 
OIIM,..tlo,.. .. T ...... -Doctora .... 
CempUi Plckup/Delivery 11M Selec-
tric. verled typa f_ DorII-.Doubfe.D 
AelocIe ... ..., 1111/1" 

Summer work b.ck Ealt. Earn .243f. 
CIII-'-1. 11I11 . 

Tune up •. light rapelr. brak .... tc. Good 
work. low prlc • . Mike 412-'112 111/111 

RESEARCH AIDS . North Amerlce·. 
lar.... ..rvici. For catelo.u •• end .2 
to: EIMY S.rvlc... P.O. Box 121 •• 
Ni •• r. Fell • • N.Y. 143QZ. AIIO. cempul 
rlpr_ntltlv •• required. Pi .... writ • . 
41 .......... (pili' 

TYPIST. F •• t. Stertln, 46c per p.g • . 
C.II R.ch.1 It 463·92721&/12, 

GUITAR LESSONS a..ln-
ner/lnterm.dllt.. .. •• on.bl.. .x-
parlenc.d prof_lonal. folk fln.er . 
plckln •• nd meny other dlffer.nt Ityl .. 
t.u.ht. 224·1182/wI.kd.y.. 271. 
5313/w •• k·.nde. lpI/111 

Typln. IBM. Experi.nc.d. cerbon 
ribbon. ,.porta. theN. .ccurat.. 50 
c.nta end up. P.m &I0-I2l7 .ft.r & pm. 
(Pli/12' 

TYPlNG·MARILYN would Ilk. to type 
your peper. the.i.. ItC. She i. .x· 
p.rl.nced on III tyP" of pap.,.. f •• t. 
.....onebl •• nd h ••• corr.cting IBM. 
Pi .... cell her.t 516-70lI0. (116/ 14' 

I. travel . 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL ORIENT. Low prlc .. - Ion •• nd 
.hort fII.ht.. Llmlt.d .p.c • . 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1401 
Wutwood Blvd. LA 90024 1213' 171·1121 
or 477-1112 1111' 

SSW Trav.1 Offlc • . ON CAMPUS-
EUROPE. NY. ft ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'I Stud.nt ID. Eura ... HOItei Cerda. 
Tripping M •• azlne. etc. UCSD In-
ternatlonel c.nter 412'-' 11 .m ... pm 
M.W.F. ONLY CIOHd Tu .. Thura. 1111/11 

EUROPE·ISRAE,L·AFRICA-ORIENT L_ 
cOlt fll8hta. toura. the whole .tudent 
bit. At our offlc. over 200 FREE non-
commerc .. 1 pamphl .... brochu,.. ... blg 
buckl .. vln .. ESTC 110 W. Sixth. Suit. 
"1 LA. 100141211' 123-2I21-i1ll/1l 

EUROPE-ISREAL·AFRICA Stud.nt 
fll.hta y .. r round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11117 Sen Vlc.nte Blv". No. 4 
LA. Cellf.1OIMB 
Tel: 1211'-'-. "'-111118' 

Charter ft R"u"r eI"lne tick .... Phone 
.... ,. Univeralty Travel 2M1 Ave. D. 
La P ..... La Jolla. Ce. 1111/.,. 


