
EXTRA 

Committee Substantial Support Expected for Work 
SR~kffirmsL Stoppage; Action Opposed by Some T As. trl e ntent _ by Richard Yep 

The steering committee of the 
Graduate Student Union 
yesterday submitted a proposal to 
the full Union that would reaffirm 
the GSU's intent to stage a work 
stoppage today and tomorrow at 
UC San Diego. 

At press time, it was expected 
that the GSU would accept the 
resolution, which calls for grad 
students to perform no work of 
any kind during the two-day 
strike. 

In addition, the GSU was 
expected to discuss its planned 
teach-i n and rally today and 
tomorrow, respectively, each at 
noon in the Revelle plaza. 

Staff Writer 
The Graduate Student Unim (GSU) hegms a "work stoppage" 

today to protest budget cats that would reduce the resources 
a val able tq teachilg a ssistants and to urge the adq>tion of GSU 
demams by the Governor and the legislature. 

Last Tuesday, the GSU voted unanimously to hold the work 
stoppage today and tomorrow after meeting with Chancellor 
McElroy last week. McElroy blamed the Governor's 1975-76 UC 
budget mr the reduction of TA resources. 

The strike is expected to gain substantial support from graduate 
T As . GSU spokesman Joe Rodgers speculated that between 500 and 
1000 studPJlts would come to the teach-in today at noon on the Revelle 
Plaza, where the T As will group together and show their support. 

Demands 
The GSU is demanding a minimum 50% T A employment for every 

graduate student, for the length of that student's program, contracts to 
be signed in the spring of the previous school year the graduate is to be 
hired which would be binding for the entire academic year, a student- Members of the steering committee of the Graduate Student 
TA ratio to remain constant, workload that is agreed upon by the TAs Union ata meetingyesteraay afternoon . 
and the respective department and fee waivers for all graduate " 
students along with tuition waivers for out-of-state T As . I people (T As) to walk out. . . . . 

"The GSU should make clear to the students that they aren't against . I t was alleged that classes In which T As deCide to work today will be 
the educational process at UCSD - "we want to improve it, and one picketed by the GSU . 
way is through full support," said a philosophy department TA . 

In an informal Triton Times survey, it appeared that the philosophy 
department" As felt that today's strike would be "quite widespread," as 
one spokesman said. 

I t has been reported (see article, this page) that the humanities 
department (which comprises the literature, philosophy, and history 
faculty) was contemplating a plan to replace the current requirement 
of three essays to a mid-term, a short essay and a final exam'ination, 
virtually eliminating any composition writing. 

When informed of this proposal, the philosophy T A said, "My ex-
perienc.e is that students aren't equipped with the necessary verbal 
skills to be able to write in upper division courses . It is essential the 
student learn to write as soon as possible." 

The mathematics department has the highest percentage (75% ) of 
total T As who belong to the GSU . A mathematics T A said he thought 
that about 20 T As of the possible 44 or 45 would strike today. 

More Security 
"I'm beginning to feel that the situation has to be corrected . We 

need more security. Not all our emphasis is on the monetary aspect -
it's also to improve education," said a spanish literature T A. 

Most TAs in the chemistry department appeared to be against the 
work stoppage, claiming they "couldn' t understand why the other TAs 
were striking the campus, when they should be lobbying in UC 
President Hitch's or McElroy's office." 

One chemistry T A said he didn't care where the money came from, 
' ~he department would provide for the T As." 

Another chemistry TA said, "It is just no use to strike against our 
faculty ." 

Cutback~ in lab sections of 43 % have been predicted by the 
Chemistry department. 

Joe -Rogers, a spoiesman for Three members of the literature department felt the work stoppage 
the GSU. would be "tairly strong," and that there was a "Iot of pressure on 

Glen Pakton of the philosophy department summed many TAs' 
feelings up. "It is important to see ~hat the fight for mor~ TAs isn't only 
for graduates, but is important to the undergraduates and the school as 
a whole." 

Chem Department Faces 43 % 'Cutback in Labs 
by John H. Taylor provide additional graduate committee has suggested that 

rrr ..4 C t.. U rt Oth Editor-in-chief student T As for labs. admittance to sections be based ~ f1 U S ,,0 nU er One TA HE normally supports on CPAs, and that some sections 
L Th e'L The UC San Diego chemistry two T As. should be open to chemiStry Dents eSB an Rem department, third in the nation in If the administration chooses a majors only. 

'I' • number of graduating chemistry second option - the conversion Traylor said yesterday it is 
by Sara-,. Lowen 
Editorial Director 

I n response to news of a 
possible 43% cutback in 
chemistry labs next year, the 
Triton Times polled the chairmen 
of several ' science and social 
science departments on the 
extent of cutbacks in their 
department for 1975-76. 

The department chairmen 
contacted , -- in physics, 
humanities, bioloay and political 
science - indicated that cutbacks 
in their departments, Y(hile not as 
severe as those in chemiStry, will 
have an effect on section 
enrollment, and, in some cases, in 
organization of lectures and 
sections. 

bring a "change in the nature of seniors, will face a possible 43% of two faculty FTEs to T A FTEs to conceivable that a biology major 
the course." TAs will be asked to cutback in lab sections if'lower the lab cutback level to with a low CPA might not be able 
take three sections instead of the emergency aid does not come 36% - it will be "grasping at to gain admittance to a chem lab 
two they now teach . from campus or state sources straws in an impossible he or she needs for the bio major. 

Humanities courses will no , soon . situation," says Ted Traylor, The precarious situation in the 
longer teach composition . "In If no help comes, the depart- chairman of the chemistry department was outlined by 
short, the papers are going," ment predicts that more than department. Traylor in a May 22 memorandum 
Mosshammer said . The norm for a 1200 students will be turned away "We're understaffed as it is," he to department chairmen and 
Humanitiescourse is three papers from labs next year. said yesterday . "Chemistry administrators that the Triton 
and a fin~1. Next .year, t~ere Originally, the department had teaches more students per in- Times received Friday. 
probably Will be a midterm, fl~al expected a 53% cut in number of structor than any other depart- In the memo, Traylor said a 
and a short paper or two mld- sections, but the biology ment. We need those two faculty departmental investigation has 
terms and a final. department has given chemistry positions for teaching." shown that the UCSD chemistry 

Continued on Palt 2 two teaching assistant HEs to He said the department is department, which is "almost as 

Provost Freidkin and Chemistry 
already interviewing for one of large as that at UCLA and UCB," 
the positions - a replacement for is given only half the support by 
Art Diaz, an assistant professor the state that UCLA receives . Denartment Will Con~er Today w~owillieave UCSD at the end of Traylor added, "Our graduate 

r J' _ thiS year. program is smaller than that at 
Revelle Provost Morris Freidkin will met't with members of the Traylor said another instructor UCLA (105 students vs . 170 

chemistry department today to discuss the situation in the department will be needed to replace Diaz to students) because we do not have 
"Unpleasant" (see article this PlRe) regarding lab.sections. teach organic chemistry. T A support." 

William Frazer, of physics, said "We have.to explore the situation of a large number of bio majors He said the conversion of He continued, "Clearly the 
the cutbacks in the department who want to be pre-meds and who need chern labs. We need a careful faculty HE to T A HE was offered allocation of funds must be made 
have been "quite unpleasant," analysis of the situation they face . We've got to respond in some way," by the department as a last-ditch on the basis of the size of suc-
though they have not had the Freidkin said yesterday. , measure. "I don't know if it's cessful programs and their cost 
same effect as those in the He said solutions should be sought both on the campus and possible, or if the administration on a s atewide basis and not on a 
chemistry department. Although especially the statewide level. will decide to do it or not." per npita basis. We cannot 
physics has si ze-limited lab "Sacramento hasn't kept up with enrollment (at UC San Diego)," the Kent Wilson chairman of the uppor t the same ize chemistry 
sections like chemistry, the provost said. "As higher education in general .reaches steady state in chemistry dep~rtment's graduate (and biology) programs as that at 
cutbacks will not affect physics as California, UCSD has continued to grow, and IS thus more vulnerable student aff,Jirs committee, said U .I A whfon mnnifoc It,.. ItUorl'tPd 
drastically because there are to budget cuts. the situation in the department to U D for 9000 tudents and to 
many fewer students in physics "UCLA and UCB already have what they need," he said. will hurt "a high fraction of U LA or UCB for 27, tudent 
and the department hasn't lost its He said some redistribution is possibl on thE' campu level," but you tudents who n ed the labs for on a per capita baSIS 
national grant like chemistry . He can't f)rot(>ct chemistry labs by taking away from th humaOitie and the i r major or ollege "Th alt rnatlve I to rap ~he 
thinks the department will the drt~ ." r qUlfem rits ." u c ful program w have put 
manage all fight n xt year. Freidkm will m et at his home with departm nt chairman Ted A ording to a memorandum - to th r and to accept only that 

Alden Moss hammer of Traylor. graduate student affairs committee chairman K nt Wilson and dat d May 2 - from Wilson to p rc ntage of clenc major 
Humanities aid the cutbaCks will profe or lame Arnold Traylor, thE' grad. tud nt, affalr~ Continued on Pale 2 



John H. Taylor 
IcItor-tn-ahief 

Mark Woelber 
.""'*'-...... 

.,.. 1r1te. ""'.. .. oM ... 11y 
.....-. ............... nM .. uur 
." .. C .................... of. 
UC8D. ,.. ... a ..... II on M ...... 
~_71 .......... "*" ....... ... 
............ ,.. ......... ........ he"_ye,. .tllt1trlll .ntI Itulln ... 
.................. 1" ........ 

' ............. c....- ......... 
....... -_1 ....... ......... 

..... _ ..... aD ....... AI .... 
................. .,....-.. .. 
........................ 1 ...... . 
.,....,......, .................. ...... 
In ....... ". T ...... nm.. .--
til ........................ ...... 
of ..... "mltllthtne or Ityl. 
,....."' ..... Per ......... 0lil • ___ ; for 
...-.-.................... oeII.· 

--

them Cuts ••• 
Triton Tim •• 

year?" Wilson asked. 
Wilson said g~aduates and 

undergraduate students - along 
with faculty members - should 
direct input to the·legislature and 
the governor's office to relieve 
pressure on campus. 

. Continued from 'ap 1 
justified by the budget. This 
would be a large step toward 
converting UCSD to a second-rate 
university," concluded the 
memo. Other Cuts ••• 

Wilson said yesterday, "There's 
no way to keep undergradulltes Continued from ' •• 1 
education from suHering by Herbert Stern in the biology 
moving funds around within the. department said, "The Biology 
campus. . department hasn't been hit as 

"The pie just isn't big enough." hard as chemistry has, because 
Some graduate students have Biology has mainly upper division 

pointed at items they feel ·are lab courses, which don't have the 
excessive for capital outlay in massive enrollment that the lower 
Gov. Brown's UC budget - such division Chemistry labs do." 
as construction for parking spaces The department has been 
at Muir and Third Colleges - and expecting T A cutbacks for several 
have said the quality of teaching years now, and has come up with 
is more important than such several alternatives to sections to 
projects. minimize the eHects that the cut 

"But if you say that, then where in TA-ships will have on un-
are student's gOing to park next dergraduate education. 

Tuesday, June 3,1975 

"In the case of Genetics, we're limit; not all . sections are filled . 
thinking of abolishing mandatory LakoH doesn't forsee turning 
sections and havina a ~enetic'i students away from classes and 
clinic with one or two grads said that the department will try 
available on a given day to an- to add sections by increasing T A 
swer students' questions. We're loads in the case of heavy class 
also considering having enrollments. 
professors spending an extra hour Donald Anderson in the Math 
after lecture answering questions, department said that there will be 
which would eliminate the need a cutback in the number of math 
for T A-led sections." TAs next year. "There are 44 T As 

. Stern said that the department this year. The number of T As next 
is not sure of receiving grants year coUld vary from 32 to 41, 
from national agencies next year. depending on how m~ch work 
"In the event that grants are cut, .. study ~ receive. My guess is that 
biology will be able to support its there Will be 35 T As next yea(." 
grads . We have made it a policy In calculus courses, sections 
not to accept any more graduate will meet once a week Instead of 
students than we can support:" meeting twice a week as they do 
. Sanford lakoH, chairman of now, but these sections will be 
the political science department, one third smaller than they are at 
said that he's "nervous about the present. 
availability of T As for next year." Anderson said he felt that the 
At the moment, pre-enrollment quality of instruction in math 
filZures for political science , classes next year will not be as 
classes haven't reached their good as that this year. 

The Student Center Announces: 
.EDNA 

contest winners 

1st Prize $2500 
to that esteemed 

artist of notable repute 

Mike Mc.Kinney 
-- --.-because of superior entries: 

2nd Prize $1000 
to 

Eric Robinson 
3rd Prize $500 

to 

"Arb riles" 
pick up prizes at 
Student Center 

Special Thanks to the following for helping 
make the Student .Center Unopening 

a superlative, get down, right on, together, up town event. 
Food Coop/Steven Purcell UCSD Musician's Guild Larry Barrett & Revelle Cateteril 

KSDT Mark Woebler of the TT Bruce McDonald and CPB "Bozos" Vivian Valade Dancers M.UJ.E.R. He Noelloi 
and the cast of thousands who ran aound and blew up balloons and worked their edna 'off. 


