
Will SD Growth Policies Continue? Strike Vote Set 
Tonight 
Action Would 
Be Nov. 19-21 

The Graduate Student Union 
(GSU ) meets today to consider a 
proposal to hold a work action Nov. 
19, 20 and 21 , and an indefin ite 
strike starting J an. 12. 

The meeting will be held in USB 
2622 at 7: 30 pm. 

Three San Diego City Council Seats, 
10 Propositions on Ballot TODlorrow 

The proposal was approved by 
the GSU Oct. 22, and presupposed 
'an unsatisfactory administration 

response to our Oct. 14 letter." 
Since then, the administration 

replied (Triton Times, Oct. 31 ) 
with a letter the GSU says, "offers 
no program of relief for the T A 
situation this year." 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

The future of Mayor Pete 
Wilson's controlled growth policies 
will be decided tomorrow by San 
Diego voters. 

Three City Councilmen, 
Maureen O'Connor, Leon Williams 
and Jess Haro, who have all 
supported Wilson on growth issues 
in the past, face challenges from 
pro-growth candidates. 

Also to be decided tomorrow are 
three Board of Education seats, 
two Community College Trustee 
positions and 10 propositions. 

Absenteeism Cbarge 
The District Two Council race 

has focused less on the issues than 
on challenger Lou Ridgeway's 
charge that O'Connor missed 50-
percent of the Council meetings 
last year. 

Council records show O'Connor 
missing two of the 18 meetings last 
year. But Ridgeway has contended 
that the council policy of counting a 
member present although he 

Erratum 
In the Chancellor's response to 

th Graduate Student Union in 
Friday's Triton Times, a printer's 
error occurred. 

In the paragraph responding to 
the demand for fee and tuition 
waivers, the word "prerequisite" 
was substituted for "perquisite," 
meaning something granted in 
additio'l to usual compensation for 
employment. 

misses part of the meeting is valid. 
O'Connor tried to obtain an in-

junction halting the distribution of 
voter pamphlets because 
Ridgeway 's qualification 
statement contained his ab-
senteeism charge. Superior Court 
Judge Jack Levitt refused to grant 
the inj~nction, saying that the 
truth of Ridgeway's statement was 
irrelevent and that an injunction 
would constitute prior restraint. 

O'Connor and Ridgeway 
disagree on many local issues. 
O'Connor supports City Council 
policy of redirecting residential 
growth into the inner city . 
Ridgeway opposes controlled 
growth because it has increased 
property taxes. 

O'Connor favors moving the 
airport to Otay Mesa because it 
would be cheaper than expanding 
Lindbergh Field. Ridgeway oppses 
that move predicting bankruptcy 
for the hotels around the airport if 
the airport were moved. 

In District 4, the candidates 
disagree on most local issues. 
Incumbent Leon Williams supports 
present council politics, including 
controlled growth, while 
challenger Jesse Albritten says 
that housing costs and property 
taxes have risen as a result 'of the 
policy, making it difficult for 
people on fixed incomes to retain 
their homes. 

Williams prefers moving the 
airport to Otay Mesa, while 
Albritten says the Lindbergh Field 

UCSD at CIA Meeting 
Opposed by Council 
The Third College Council 

Friday expressed " regret" that 
U San Diego participated in a 
conference on affirmative action 
for the Central Intelligence Agency 
(CIA ) in Washington Oct. 23 and 24. 

Fifty university and college 
administrators attended the 
Conference, which the CIA hoped 
Would find ways to increase the 
flow of minorities and women into 
the agency. 

Assis tant v ice-cha ncellor 
Raymond Dye and Third College 
academic counselor Rowena Reno 
attended the conference for UCSD. 

Th council's statement said, in 
~rt, " We, as representatives of 

e Third College community, 
regret that our University took 
Palrt in the conference. 

.~AS a college vitally concerned 
WI h th third world, we oppose any 

~~peration with the CIA, whose 
i~ t~ry has been directly 

rnlcable to the independence, 
Ileac nd development of so many 

third world countries." 
Not Criticism 

The statement added, "This is 
not meant as a criticism of the staff 
members who attended the con-
ferenae, or of their supervisors. 

" Rather, we want to com-
municate our strong opposition to 
any involvement of the University 
with the CIA." 

The student affairs office had 
said that it sent representatives 
because it would be unfair to pa s 
up an opportunity for minority 
recruitment. 

According to Rick Whitehill, an 
assistant to the vice-chancellor for 
student affairs, Dye was asked to 
attend because of his experience in 
student affinnatlve action. 

The CIA paid all expenses for 
those attending. 

The conference wa the subj ct 
of a rally Oct. 24, at whi h a 
number of student organizations 
voiced their opposition to U SO's 
part in the conference. 

site should be repaired. to strike when bargaining fails, 
The District 6 race for the seat while Flowers says that third party 

vacated by Bob Martinet has been arbitration should be used in such 
characterized by the similiarity of cases. 
candidates' positions on the issues Board of Education 
and the large amounts of money The Board of Education elections 
they have spent on their cam- center on the issues of teacher 
paigns. Attorney Tom Gade and union domination of the board, 
Businessman Ray Lussa both collective bargaining and binding 
oppose controlled growth, and arbitration for teachers and the 
moving the airport to Otay Mesa. present quality of education in city 
Both favor increasing the police schools . 
force and would be willing to cut Three of the candidates have 
other cit), services to finance the pceived support from teacher 
increase. unions: John Witt of District A, 

One of the issues that the can- Matt Camarillo of District 0 and 
didates differ on is binding ar- Mario Palomino of District E. 
bitration in public employee Their opponents question whether 
disputes. Gade flatly opposes teacher union supported board 
binding arbitration, while Lussa members could adequately 
says it must be considered as a represent the taxpayers' point of 
means to end an impasse at the view since the board determines 
bargaining table . teacher's wages and fringe 

In contrast to the District 6 race, benefits. : 
District 8 incumbent Jess Haro and Witt, Camarillo and Palamino all 
his opponent, attorney John argue that their teacher union 
Flowers, disagree on many issues. support constitues a special in-
Concerning ways to offset the terest as much as the support of 
expected $12 million city deficit, their opponents have received 
Haro feels that the council is from school administrators, in the 
presently handling the problem cases of Dorothea Edmiston 
well by cutting city .services. Haro (District D) and George Smith 
says cutting the number of city (District E ), and realtors, in the 
employees or increasing taxes' case of Vernon Gaston (District 
would be the last resort measures A). 
to solve the problem. Flowers is Witt, Camarillo and Palomino all 
against any kind of tax increase believe that the present quality of 
and has proposed a ceiling on education in city schools needs 
spending similar to that once upgrading, and that the schools 
proposed by Gov. Reagan for state should emphasize basic skills. 
goverrunent. Their opponents , Gaston, in-

Both men approve the right of cumbent Dorothea Edmiston (D) 
city employees to ba rgain and incumbent George Smith 
collectively on wages and working maintain that the present quality 
conditions. However, Haro feels of education in San Diego is good. 
that employees should be allowed Continued on Page 3 

Oct. 9, the GSU voted to reassert 
its four demands and wait three 
weeks for the administration to 
" respond concretely" to thosE' 
demands. 

Today, a ccord ing to that 
resolution, the GSU "will assess 
the quality of the negotiating 
process and the results which 
have, or are likely to issue 
therefrom, and will make a 
decision on that basis as to whether 
or not to engage in an immediate 
work action. 

Since then, the GSU has set Nov. 
19. 20 and 21 as the date for the 
work action. 

TAlssues 
Debated 

by James G. So to 
City Editor 

For the first time in the current 
dispute between the UC San Diego 
administration and the Graduate 
Student Union (GSU ), there has 
been a public debate of the issues 
surrounding the teaching assistant 
(TA) situation. 

Representatives from ad-
ministration, faculty and GSU met 
Friday in the student center in a 
public forum sponsored by the 
undergraduate student a d-
ministrative interns. 

While no new information or 
positions were revealed at the 
Friday forum, undergraduates had 
the opportunity to hear responses 
from both parties ot questions 
prepared by the interns. 

Continued on Page 6 

Maria and Danny Dazzle Saturday 
Marla Muldaur l " Mldnigbt at the Oa -I ") and Dann O'K f r"Goodthne CbarU . Got t Blu It) 

performed turday In the maio gym In tb fir t major con rt of the U an 01 go a on. ' taff writer 
'Tim MacK nzl will revi w the concert on Wedne day. [ [TT photos : barle u.] 

.. 



Jolla H. Taylor 
Edltor-ia-Cldef 

Craig Uchida 
Opinion editor 

• r'.oll • '11M'S 
UC"'DIego 

Mark Woelber 
Maaaglag editor 

Mark Stadler 
New. editor 

Jamea G. So&o 
City editor · 

Sara Lowea 
Commu.lty editor 

The Jriton Times is recognized as the oHiciol student newspaper by 
'he Comml.ln icot ions Boord of UCSO. UnSigned editorials represent 
the views of the majority of the editorial board (above). and not the 
views of the University. the Communications Boord or the student 
b04ly . 

Triton Times Endorses: 
San Diego City Council 

District No.2: Maureen O'Connor 
District No.4 : Leon L. Williams 
District No. 6: Noendorsement 
District NO.8: JessD.Haro 
San Diego Unified School District 
For Members, Board of Educa lion 
District A: John Witt 
District 0: Matt Camarillo 
District E: Mario C. Pa lomino 
San Diego Community College District 
For Members, Board of Trustees 
District B: Bob Winn 
District 0 : No Endorsement 
Municipal Propositions 
Proposition A: Yes 
Proposition B: Yes 
Proposition C: Yes 
Proposition 0: Yes 
Proposition E : Yes 
Proposition F: Yes 
Proposition G: Yes 
PropositionH: Yes 
Proposition J : Yes 
Proposition K: Yes 

The Triton Times Editorial Board rccommend a ye vote on 
Propositions K and J because the services provided - a paramedic ser-
vice and better mass transit for the handicapped and the old - are of clear 
benefit tn the commwlity. 

However, we agree with the critics of these propositions who feel that 
the funding for thcsc services is not properly the burden of property 
taxes. Propositions A, J and K, if passed, represent a combined increase 
of nearly 25c per $100 of assessed property value. While it RJay seem right 
that property owners are the ones most naturally disposed to pay for such 
services, all too often the cost of these tax increases is passed along to 
renters inlow-income and minority groups. 

We agree that it is time for the San Diego City Cuuncil to explore other 
avenues of fundin!: for these and other worthwhile programs. Perhap 
fluat bonds or cut bureaucratic waste. 

But it is too easy to attack a worthwhile program on the basis of in-
creased taxes. It is even easier for the public servant to use a lax 
rejection by voters as an excuse for failing to devise alternative funding 
f or needed programs. 

Throw Your Weight Around 
San Diego votes tomorrow. 
At stake are three city council, three board of education and two 

community college board seats and 11 propositions. 
Also at stake is the futu re growth policy of San Diego. 
All three council positions have incumbents seeking re-election. Those 

three incumbents have formed the crucial part of Mayor Wilson's tenuous 
controlled growth coalition. 

Their challengers, on the other hand, have all goue on record in favor 
of increased growth for the city. 

The council elections, then, will determine whether controlled growth 
continues to be the general policy for San Diego. 

The council is also the body that will ultimately decide such questions 
as development of the La Jolla Farms area , future University Town 
Centers or North City Wests and municipalization of San Diego Gas & 
Electric. 

The council will soon decide the fate of Black's Beach. 
The city Board of Education acts on matters affecting the life of every 

school-aged child in San Diego. It makes the final decision In such issues 
as community cdntrol of schools, alternative education, curriculum, 
integration and 'n reased affirmative action In city schools. 

If none of thO! e sues means anything to you, the board, along with the 
community col~egl! board allocates enormous swns of money. 

The proposiH"rU, while being extraordinarily dull this year, involve a 
wide spectrum of issues, including moving election-time for the mayor 
and city attorn y to presidential election year, free transportation for 
the elderly and Jaramedics for the city. 

They, too, Inv I a lot of money. 
There are always many complaints, often valid, about government 

bing closed to:ll people. 
Tomorrow it ",ill be open. 

Pumpkin Drop a Bust 
Revell olleg ha a watermelon drop. 
omeonc. therefore, decided slImething ought to be dropped on Muir. 

'00 : hence, the annual pumpkin drop. 
But "hen th!'} dropp d it I need ~e mention hung r 35 miles south of 

h 'rr'! I. tht'y unintentionally dropp d it on a trt' • ~hkh was split ill half. 
Tradition, I: 'rc(·~. O. 

t ' I' ••• 

• rI.o ... ' nM~ Moaday, November S, 1175 
Letters to the Editor 

GSU Reply to Chancellor's letter: Not Funny 
The Graduate Student Union 

welcomes the considered and good-
natured tone of Chancellor 
McElroy's response to the 
Negotiating Committee's letter of 
Oct. 13. This tonc, however, in no 
way blunts the impact of his 
message. His letter contains 
nothing materially different from 
the administration's position on 
GSU demands last spring. His 
letter promulgates distortions and 
engages in a thoroughly disap-
pointing brand of administrative 
double-talk. 

The Chancellor offers no 
program of relief for the T A 
situation this year. We have 
already documented this year's 
increase in TA work-loads and its 
consequent deterioration in the 
quality of undergraduaie 
education (GSU Report, pp. 2-4). 
So massive is this deterioration 
that it has effectively crippled the 
teaching of such basic subjects as 
writing and calculus. Moreover, in 
order to meet the teaching needs of 
the Fall Quarter, at least one 
department has already overex-
tended itself in drawing upon 
Winter and Spring Quarter T A 
funds . This raises the spectre of 
worsening conditions later this 
year. 

Of course, last Friday Vice-
Chancellor Saltman advocated 
precisely this policy of over-
spending now as a temporary 
solution to the TA problem (TT, 
Oct. 31 ). He assured everyone 
confidently that overenrollment 

funds, which the Systemwide 
Administration has said would not 
be available this year, would in 
fact materialize in the Spring. We 
can only marvel at the 
primitiveness of a' campus fiscal 
policy based on a deus ex macblaa. 
And we can only protest 
vehemently the implications of 
such a policy for graduate student 
employment. "Spend now!" he 
says, " more will come! " Well, how 
much more? ' Let's have the 
figures . How many TA's will have 
to be laid off if in fact these funds 
do not come through? Or if they 
only partially come through? Can 
Saltman guarantee us that enough 
of these funds will materialize? 

If so, let's have it in writing in 
the form of a contract, and we'll 
sign it. In any case, what a 11 this 
points to is the horrifying con-
ditions of economic insecurity 
under which graduate students 
work on this campus. If the extra 
overenrollment funds are not 
allocated, then it means for 
Saltman only that he has made an 
administrative mistake. It means 
for some graduate students, 
however, that they no longer have 
jobs. And it means for un-
dergraduates to further im-
poverishment of their learning 
conditions. 

So McElroy's letter gives us 
nothing to hope for this year other 
than the small amount of " relief" 
already obtained. We should 
emphasize again the lack of sound, 
emcient planning even in respect 

to this last·minute aid. The 168.1 
TA FTE total which McElroy gives 
for UCSD this year includes such 
dubious patchwork sources as 9.1 
FTE's from Biology Training 
Grants and 15.7 FTE's from 
Federal Work-Study Funds. 
Moreover, this poor administrative 
planning has needlessly cost some 
graduate students the jobs and 
opportunity for education which 
they otherwise would still possess. 
Extra Biology TA FTE's, for 
example, went this year to hire 
graders in the Mathematics 
department because, due to a lack 
of a firm promise of employment, 
the attrition was so high over the 
summer that there weren't any 
graduate students left to hire as 
TA's once the money became 
available! 

We have to object also to the 
easily distorted notion, which 
McElroy's presentation fosters , 
that UCSD's studentlT A ratio 
compares all too favorably with 
the systemwide average of 46.5 :1. 
McElroy arrived at his figure of a 
43.3: 1 ratio at UCSD by including 
funding from sources like work-
study fWlds and extra Biology 
training grants. Ratios at the other 
UC campuses, however, as well as 
the systemwide average of 46.5:1, 
were computed solely on the basis 
of state-fWlded TA allocations. If 
computed on this basis, UCSD's 
student/TA ratio becomes more 
than 51:!. 

Finally, we want to express our 
Continued on Page 8 

Abortion Simply a Matter of Choice 
The ethical dilemna concerning 

the issue of "abort, or not to 
abort," is a paradox which simply 
cannot be decided on the basis of 
the dogmatically Christian belief 
that the abortion of the fetus is 
murder. Granted, for an individual 
expounding the Christian faith, the 
issue of abortion can be summed 
up into simple terms of right and 
wrong. Fortunately, that outlook is 
not forced upon those of uswhoare 
not enamored with their didactic 
philosophy. 

The main issue, though, is one of 
the right of a woman to control the 
functioning of her body. Of course, 
if a woman has no desire to become 
pregnant, a reasonable and ef-
fective method of birth control 
should become practiced. 

Most advocates of aboration do 
not contend that a bortion is an 
effective "out" in lieu of practiced 
birth control, but merely a means 
of recourse for any woman who has 
become pregnant and does not 
want the child. This position is 
hardly "anti-life" as I am certain 
Mr. Shawler would label it, but is in 
favor of allowing women the 
freedom of choice in the matter, a 
reasonably recent development in 
the struggle for women's rights. 
Indeed, it may outrage large 
numbers of " moral" people, but it 
is a California state law that a 
woman may now choose to have an 
abortion if she so wishes. 

There can be no ultimate con-
clusion concerning this issue on the 
baslS of right versus wrong, for 
there are no compromises between 
vastly opposing moral beliefs, and 
certainly no opinion which can be 
labled correct or incorrect. 

I would impress upon Mr. 
Sha wier that there is a startling 
difference between the painful 
decision for a woman to abort her 
Wlborn child, and the psychotic 
genocide employed by the Nazi 
party. A parallel between the two 
is as demeaning and uncalled for, 
as It is absurd. 

DEBBI CARLIN 

Condom Ad Dissatisfaction 
I was completely amazed and disgusted at the low levels the Triton 

Times has stooped to in a last ditch effort to " relate" to students at 
UCSD. 

In the Monday, October 27 issue, directly below a statement, SUPPORT 
TT ADVERTISERS, was a blatantly sexist, absurd ad for a "Stimula 
Condom" which ptctures a " satisfied" (? 1 nurse holding a condom 
.. anatomically shaped to cling to THE penis (Author's emphasis )," which 
is " like hWldreds of tiny fingers urging a woman to let go." 

Does the '1'1' reallyrepresent, a bunch of ignorant frigid and impotent 
people who need some clinical synthetic device in order to even hope to 
enjoy sex. 

I think this ad is an irresponsible insult to anyone who might 
mistakenly pick up a Triton Times and read it. 

ANN B. CRANE 

Like Pregnancy, Abortion 
IS Not Easy 

I am writing in response to Daniel Shawler's article entitled " Life : The 
Most Sacred Value~ " and in response to the torrent of letters and articles 
that have recently been fOWld in the pages of local papers . I feel that a 
woman 's side to the issue needs to be presented, along with a bit of 
criticism on the article itself. 

Mr. Shawler, words that are all-encompassing like " None ... ," or ex-
pressions like "The proper answer.. .," " laughable," " ridiculous," and 
'scare words' like " Nazi" have no place in a literate, objective 
argument. Remember, you're expressing your opinion. and the use of 
such terms makes it seem that you really don't have much to stand on, 
and thus had to resort to their use . Let me now express my opinion on the 
matter. 

You state in your article that a fetus becomes a human being at the 
moment of conception because it contains all the genetic information of a 
ten-year-old. But genetics alone does not a human make. Do you honestly 
mean that you consider that lump of dividing cells to know anything of 
emotion, to have had any of the experiences of other human beings, to 
have the responsibility for making moral choices, in short to have a ll of 
the hundreds of facets of humanness? I think not. 

You also sav that the basis of the prolife groups actions are the words of 
Christ , •• .. . you shall love your neighbor as your self... .. He wasn't, 
however, referring to abortion in His context. In fact, there is no 
prohibition of abortion in the Old Testament, and the New Testament is 
silent on the matter. Abortion was practiced in primitive, nomadic 
societies. and was a common practice in Roman times. Abortion was 
tolerated by theologicans until the 16th century, when Pope Sixtus V 
placed stringent restraints upon abortion, among other things. Even 
though the Catholic Church still coru;iders abortion to be a mortal sin, 
Protestant theologiean Helmut Thielicke recognizes that at times an 
abortion may be required. and that when one takes place it may be 
subject to the forgiveness of God. 

Let us move now from theology to reality. You speak of the major 
alternative to abortion as adoption. For one thing, there are plenty of 
children available, only they are often older children, or handicapped 
ones. Don't they deserve a chancc, too? After all, they're already here. 
'I'h second matter to be considered Is that the mother must spend nine 
long months with this child. She spend almost a year throwing up, 
having cramps, plagued by back and I g pains i he has to waddle when 
sh wa lks. wear large mat rnity clothes, and is oft n stared at and 
laught d at, albeit b hind her back. She is usually asked to leave work 
and/or school, and thus has a little to do of interest. Knitting can get very 

Continued on 'page 8 

Moodily, November 3, 1975 
• rlfo ... ' UX'S 

Politics: James G. Soto Elections .. 
TOlllorrow 
Tu~~out is going to be h~vier tomorrow than most had expected. The 

Mumclpal General Elections, shorn of the universality brought by a 
tightly contested mayor's race, have still managed to attract much at-
tention. 

On the issue of collective 
bargaining, Witt , a teacher 
supports binding arbitration in 
teacher disputes and, ultimately, 
the fight for teachers to strike. 
Gaston, a former Internal Revenue 
Service OffiCial, opposes the right 
of teachers to strike. ' 

In. large part, t~e rather s~den interest in municipal politics can be 
attr~buted to the bitter campaign that has developed in District 2. Here 
the mcumbent Maureen O'Connor has fought hard to stave off a mud-
tinged challenge by Lou Ridgeway. 

Carmarillo, a teacher, supports 
third party arbitration in teacher 
disputes. Edmiston opposes bind-
ing arbitration because she feels 
that the arbiter, who is not an 
~lected official, would set taxes 
Instead of the School Board doing 
It. 

Frankly, Ridgeway's allegations of O'Connor's poor attendance at 
Council meetings, while rC)9ted in some pool of truth have not been very 
c?nvincing .. The allegations have also reached the d~sperate depths of a 
dirty campaign. 

The other issues in the campaign have been submerged in an avalanche 
of m.ud comin~ fro~ the ~dgeway camp. Some campaign literature, 
seekmg new heights 10 sordidness, has been distributed with the name of 
the Ridgeway campaign omitted, a clear violation of the electoral laws. 
But it is difficul~ to pin responsibility on Ridegway for this particular 
prank, though Ridgeway has done nothing to end this vile harrassment. 
One can only wonder about the ultimate origin of such literature. 

Palomino, a court interpreter, 
supports collective bargaining and 
binding arbitration, but not 
teacher strikes. Smith supports 
collective bargaining but is OJ>-
posed to binding arbitration 
because it could lead to increased 
taxes. Barage of Slime 

But enough of the emphasis on muddy politics. It will be quite enough Tuition a Possibility 
that the barage of s~e coming out of District will get enough people out In the community college district 
to the polls to give the semblence of electorate responsibility to D race, candidates Betty Fortier, a 
tomorrow's proceedings. community college teacher, and 

But there are a few aspects of the election which have been largely incumbent Richar~ Johnston have 
overlooked by many: the city propositions. . agreed. on most ISSUes In their 

There are ten propositions, seven of which are primarily small reforms campaigns. . . 
in the fiscal policies of the city or slight changes in the city charter. However! they disagree In one 

However, there are three propositions - B, J and K _ that have at- contr?verslal area - whether 
tracted some attention and are worth of at least brief mention. convlC.ted felons . . should be 

Proposition J seeks to levy a special tax on the existing property tax for educatlO~~lly rehabllttated in the 
special public transportation for the elderly and the handicapped. The commumties ~.lIe~es. Jo~st~n 
city has been experimenting with a transit system called Dial-a-Ride in supports rehabilItatIOn, while his 
which the two above mentioned groups are eligible for door-to-door oppo.~nt feels the colleges are not 
transportation, via a shuttle bus, to and from many sectors of the city. qU:hfledf for ~uch work. The funds generated by the passage of Proposition J would further oth eel . . It may be necessary to 
subsidize the service and, it is hoped, expand its present scope. charge tUllion at .. the colleges, 

The proposition has been supported by such diverse city officials as though they see tUItion as a last-
Councilman Lee Hubbard and Leon Williams. It has been opposed by the r~rt melsasure. 
San Diego Taxpayers Association. ey a 0 ~gre.~ that the college 

Proposition K would establish a municipal paramedic service funded should prov~de h~bby. ~ourses" 
through an increase in the property tax, adding to the growing trend for the benefit of sernor cItizens . . 
across the nation of increased and improved paramedical care. Most of In the . ra.ce for Commuruty 
the training for the paramedic programs in the county have taken place ~~llege Ddl~trlct Bbe' chGallenger Bob 
at the medical school here, and any further increase in the number of Inn an . lOCum nt ene French 
paramedics in San Diego would only result in further benefit to UC San have differing opInions on 
Diego. Governor Brown's proposal to cut 

Proposition K has received wide support in the community and is OJ>- hobby classes from the colleges. 
posed by the San Diego Taxpayers Association. Fre.nch f~els !~at hobby. c1a~es 

Begin In 1984 benefit s~mor CItizens, while Wmn 
Proposition B is a proposal to change the date of the mayor's and city agrees With ~ov. Br~wn that hobby 

attorney's election to coincide with the Presidential election. The plan if classes constitute fnlls and sho~ld 
adopted would begin in 1984 after the next election of the mayor and the be cut so that .the . Commurnty 
city attorney. Colle~es can . IOstltute more 

The proposition came about when members of the minority corrununity vocational trainIng programs. . 
became concerned because elections for districts 4 and 8, where there are ba Bot~ . m~n favor collect.lve 
heavy concentrations of blacks, chicanos, and asians, are held at the rgalOlng .or ~che~s and third-
same time as the mayor's contest. Any incumbent councilmen from party arbitration 10 teacher 
these districts, who wo~d pro~b.ly be me'.1lbers of a minority group, disputes. Propositlons-
could n~ r~ for mayor wltho~t g!V1ng up their seats. Propositions J and K are the only 

~esplte t~~ unfortunate colDCldence, .there are other issues raised by two with ballot arguments against t~l~ propostJtlOn. The mayor and the City attorney are non-partisan of- them. The San Diego Taxpayers 
flcla ls. ~f they were to be elected during presidential years, many of the Association has constituted the 
non-partisan ~spe~ of their ~am~aign might be submerged by the major opposition to the tax short-
barage of publiCity glV~n to pres.ldenbal and other p~rti~cm politi~. , age propositions, arguing that they 

It ,!ould. be very poSSJbl~ that if there was a landslide 10 the presidential have seen no specific plans for the 
electIOn, It very well rrught carry over into mayor's race with the money zoned through the tax in 
prospect of ~ perso.n not. getting elected because of his policies but rather either proposition. 
because of his presidential preference. Proposition J would increa~e 

Surpass 50% Participation. . . property taxes to expand the 
The ar~ument us~ by suppo~ers of ~he propOSItion that voter mter~t present Dial-a-Ride service for 

wou ld be mcreased In the mayor s race IS one that has grown weaker With senior citizens and the han-
the knowledge that participation in presidential elections have been dicapped. Proposition K would 
decr~asing recently. w~i~e the .interest generated by the past two mayor's establish a special tax to pay for 
electIOns ~as been slgrnflca~t. . establishing 20 paramedic units in 

Even Without .t~e ~ayor s ~ac~, tommorrow's electIOn could surpass the city. Proponents of Proposition 
50 p~rcent p~rtlclpatlOn, which ISn't so bad when compared to some K estimate that a paramedic 
partisan elections. service could save thousands of 

But despite these reservations, the~e has been n? organized opposition people who die in San Diego each 
to the measure and It could very eaSily pass, nothing the general lack of year before they reach a hospital. 
concer!! by ci!ypoliticos. !he other propositions are also expected to Proposition B would shift 
pass Without difficulty, barrmg of course a general taxpayer's revolt. mayoral and city attorney elec-

Navarro Calls for Community 
Control of Health Care 

by Brtan Davis 
StaHWrlter 

Community control of health 
care was urged last Friday by 
Vicente Navarro. 

Navarro, of Johns Hopkins 
University, made that recom-
mendation in the final of eight 
lectures given at UC San Diego 
OVer the course of last week. 
Friday'S lecture summarized the 
main points of the lectures on the 
political economy of health. 

Navarro argued that the class 
system in America Is set up in 
rayor of the corporate and upper 
middle classes, to the detriment of 
the much larger working class. He 
then related that to "inequalities" 
In the health s ctor. 

Navarro's general hypothesis is 

that health care is not a function of 
need, but rather of wealth, and that 
the health sector is controUed by 
persons more interested in profit 
than in servicing patients. 

LessGPs 
The number of genera l prac-

tioners has decreased 
dramatically in recent years, 
Navarro said, with an 
overabundance of medical 
specialists, and specialities in 
health still growing in popularity at 
medical schools. 

This is where the money is, 
Navarro said, and the highest 
amount of prestige. 

Next. Navarro moved to the 
subject of health insurance. After 
pointing to the large degree of 
influence that financial and cor-

porate interests have in national 
health insurance due to their 
control of many large insurance 
companies, Navarro stated that 
any national health insurance 
legislation signed onto law is bound 
to be favora ble to those interests. 

While the majority of Americans 
would pay for a national health 
program, most 'monetary benefits 
would go to private insurance 
companies under currently 
proposed legislation, Navarro said. 

Navarro stated that a solution to 
this dilemma can be found In the 
examples of many European 
nations. He said that strong 
worker based political parties 
pushed (or creation of egalitarian 
and comprehen ive health 
coveragc in their ountri years 

Continued on Page 8 

A Decade of Conspiracy 
"A Decade of Conspiracy" will 

be discussed tomorrow night by 
Rusty Rhodes of the Committee to 
Investigate Political 
Assasinations. 

Rhodes will address the con-
troversies of the past 12 years, 
starting with the assassination of 
President Kennedy in 1963 and up 
through the Watergate scandal. 

The lecture, sponsored by the 
Campus Program Board, will start 
at 8 pm in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. Tickets are $1 for 
UCSD students and $2 for the 
general public. 

Allende Here Tomorrow 
Sister of assassinated president 

tions to presidential elections 
years so city council members 
could have the same oPPOrtunity to 
run for mayor and City attorney. 

The mayor now is elected at the 
same time as even-nwnbered 
council district seats and the city 
attorney is elected at the same 
time as odd district council seats. 

The proposal would allow council 
-members to run for these positions 
without risking their council seats. 
Opponents of the proposition say 
that the importance of mayoral 
and city attorney races would be 
overshadowed by presidential 
politics. 

Proposition A would allow the 
city to sell $11.6 million in bonds to 
re£inance its debt on the Com-
munity Concourse. Proposition C 
would permit the city council to 
adopt the property tax on the last 
day in August rather than the last 
Tuesday in August, allowing the 
city cOWlcil to base the tax rate on 
assessment evaluation figures 

Pagetbree 

of Chile, Salvador Allende, Laura 
Allende, will speak tomorrow night 
at 7 pm in the USB Auditorium. 

Allende, congresswomen to the 
Chilean House of Representatives 
for twelve years, will relate her 
experiences during the one and a 
half years she remained in Chile 
after the murder of her brother. 

Now residing in Mexico, she was 
recently forced to leave Chile 
against her will. 

This is Allende's second tour of 
the United States and her first visit 
to the San Diego area. 

Allende's talk is sponsored by UC 
San Diego Third World Studies 
Program. 
which they receive late in August. 

Proposition 0 would allow the 
city purchasing agent to make 
cooperative purchasing with other 
agencies and would establish new 
limits on purchases. Proposition E 
would reduce the amount of money 
presently set aside in a perpetuity 
fund from the sale of cemetery 
plots at Mt. Hope cemetery. 

PropoSition F would require 
performance bonds from con-
tractors on city public work con-
tracts greater than $25,000 instead 
of the present requirement for 
bond in contracts greater than 
$1000. 

Proposition G would allow the 
city council to make a new or-
dinance setting the level of city 
contract adjustments for ad-
justments greater than $500. 
Proposition H would allow less 
than a majority of the Civil Service 
Commission to hear appeals of 
suspended City employees. 

PSAtells 
UCSan 
buzz off 

- - - - ------, 

29 times 1 fJ, 
d /' " Headed for northern a aye ./ California (or L.A. . Burbank, Long Beach. 

_____ ___ "-,, Ontario)? Cali your campus rep or PSA and 
tell them you want to buzz off. PSA gives you a lift. 

A Full Service Salon For ---
The Entire Fam-lly A.,! .. , ,,_,\, 

r----------;.....--,_ •. ,"Y \ 
1 ",k To 5<h~1 ~~.: 2 5% 01 . Hllircuts& : Permanents _ 

P rm_lI. F.cI.t • • Long H.lr Style • . Fro'Iin", - ' -

.. 

, '" 



• 

\==================~==~~~~~~~--~--~~~=---~'~~~~~~ WHAT'S ON: 11/3-1'1/9 
• rl.oll .1 n1(~ ~I----------------------~~~~~~--~================~ 

photography 
by Walt Schoendorf 

Any event in or around the UC San Diego community is eligible 
for inclusion in WHA T'S ON. . . 

Please use the style and format you see below for submiSSIOns. 
Turn them in either to the student center by 4 pm Thursday, or to 

'he Triton Times by 4 pm Friday. 

Monday 6 pm -- Meeting of campus Crusade for Christ. Informal Lounge, Revelle Commons. 6:30 pm -Meeting of M.E.Ch.A. Formal Lounge, Revelle Commons. 7 pm - Meeting. S.P.R.I.C. Foundation Meeting. USB 3070. . . 7 pm - General meeting of the Asian American Student Alliance, for all those Interested. 
Humanities Library Auditoriwn. . 

7:30 pm - Meeting. Folk Dance Club Meeting, Recreation Conference Room, RecreatIOn 9-4 _ A table with a plethora of Israel-related literature and material will be set up ~t t~e 
Revelle and Muir Quads. Among other info, you'll be able to fmd o~t about studymg m 
Israel, spending a summer theFe, job opportunities, social and economic problems, and hfe 

Gym. 
7:30 pm - Film.Roman Polanski's Macbeth USB 2722, FREE 

on the Kibbutz. . . I Ad . . t l' 10 _ 11 am - Graduate School Meeting. USC Graduate School of JudiCia ~lruS ra Ion 
reps visiting tlCSD to give programs, admissions, financial aids informatIOn. Career 
Planning & Placement, 412 MC. . 

6 om - Discussion. In coniunction with Israel Awareness Week, Dr. Murray Goodman, 
Department of Chemistry, and Dr. Mel Spud, Department of Anthropology, will explore the 
"Technological and Sociological Aspects of a Nation under Constant Threat of War," North 
Conference Room, Student Center. 

6 pm - Lecture, Rusty Rhodes, executive director of the Committee to Investigate 
Political Assasinations, will speak on the topic of John F . Kennedy 's assasinatio.n :. " A 
Decade of Conspiacy : from Dallas to Watergate", tickets are $2.00 for general admiSSion, 
and $1.00 for UCSD students. 

11 am - Meeting. Propaganda Collective Meeting ~&L 1117. . 
Noon-Meeting. Conditioning Club Meeting. Wrestling. Room, Main Gym: ., 
Noon-Art Exhibition. The Mandeville Art Gallery wlll sponsor a showmg of The UCSD 

Collection" . The collection features paintings from Monet and Picasso and other renowned 
artists of the late ninteenth and early twentieth centurie~ . The Galle ry IS open from Noon to 
5'00 pm Sunday through F riday. The exhibition will continue through November 25. 
. I pm-Christian Prayer meeting, Lounge Conference Room, Student Center . 
3 pm _ Meeting of the Chancellor's Advisory Committee on the Handicapped m the 

Disabled Student Center next to the Revelle cafeteria. ~veryone welcome. 
4 pm _ Meeting of the Third College faculty and staff In conference room A, MC 111. 
4 pm-Meeting of the USS in the conference room of the student center. 

6 pm - Varsity basketball vs. Athletes in Action, main gym . 
6 pm - Meeting of the surfing club. APL 1117. 

Wednesday 
4 pm _ Poetry Reading. New York poet , Jackson MacLaw, will be the guest poet in the 

second program of the New PoetrySeries. Revelle ~ommons Formal Lounge. . . 
4 pm - Meeting. Of Table Tenms Club. RecreatIOn Conference Room, RecreatIOn Gym . . 9 am _ 5 pm _ Career Job Interviews. TRW Systems Group seeking Computer Science, 

(Unless room is previously sche~uled) . . Math, Engineering at all degree levels for related work . Appointments necessary. Career 
4 : 30 pm - Meeting of Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Mam Gym. PI . & PI cement 412 MC 
5-9 pm - Clinic at the Birth Control Center is open. Appointments are necessary. Call 452- :~~~tableawith a plethora ~fIsrael-related literatur.e ... see Monday.. . 

2669. . '11 f sic presented by 10-noon - Meeting for Sociology undergraduates With faculty. Readmg lists and class 
5 pm - Concert. The MUSIC Depart~~n~ w\ sponsor a program 0 mu descriptions for winter quarter will be available. H&SS 7076. 

UCSD musicians. Art Gal1e~, Mand~vl . e en er. m 10.12 noon-Opening Counseling by Dick Weber , 701 MC. 
5:30 pm - Meeting of SCience Fiction and Fantasy Club. Lounge Conference Roo, Noon&7 :30 pm-Lecture on transcendentalmedita.tionprogram,.north c onference room. 

Student Center. .. , . . . nf Noon _ Meeting. Conditioning Club Meeting. Wresthng Room, Mam Gym. 
6 pm - Meeting of the Chflshan SCIence OrgaruzatlOn m the Blake fCO erenRce roomS't d t Noon _ Concert. The UJS will sponsor a concert featurin g Israeli dancers and singers. 6'30 pm - Meeting of UCSD Student Cooperative. North Con erence oom, u en b II F tG St 

. Free a oons. ron ym eps. 
Cc;pt%. _ Meeting of S I M S (Students International Meditation Society ) Informal Lounge , Noon - Lecture. S.I.M.S. lecture on transcendental meditation. North Conference Room 

. . . . Student Center. . 
Revelle Co~ons. . 12 ~30 pm _ Book Autographing. Diana Serra Carey will autograph her recently published 

7 pm - Meetmg of Student Dance Coop. West Balcony , Mam Gymll' f 11 book a bout movie cowboy stunt riders The Hollywood Passe, University Bookstore staff 
7: 30 pm - Meeting for all transcendental meditators m the Reve e orma ounge. ' 
7: 30 pm - Meeting of Graduate Student Union. USB 2622. ro~;~ _ Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting . Lounge Conference Room, Student Center. 
7: 45 pm - Meeting of A ikido Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 3 pm _ Soccer team versus U.S.I. U., Muir Field, UCSD.. . 
8 pm - An evening of Israeli folkdaneing, to be taught by professional Israeli dancer. 3-4 :45 pm _ Cllnicfor couples and individuals seeking information or counsehng on Sex.ual 

This dancing extravaganza will be held in the RecGym. Free refreshments. Matters . Judith Jorgenson, M.D. Hugh Pates, Ph.D., leaders. Revelle Counselors Office. 
8 pm - Organizational meeting for all interested students of the 5 & Dime Coffee House. 5 X3490. 

& Dime, Lower Muir Commons. 3 pm _ Meeting of the Disablec.: Student Union in the Disabled Student Center. All students 
, 9 pm - Film sponsored by the Monday Nite Films, for your dancing pleasure Fred & 

M . Co FREE welcome. . Ginger in " Shall We Dance." 5 &. Dime, Lower ulr mmons,. 4 pm _ Walk-In: Graduate school advising o~n mee~g for !duir ~tud~nts In 2346 HSS . 

Tuesday 
9 am - 5 pm - Career Job Interviews. TRW Systems Group. Seeks BA, MS, PhD in Ma~h , 

Computer Sciences, Engineering (electrical ) for work With spacecraft, electromc, 
propulsion systems, etc. Appointments nec~ssary. C~reer Planning & Plac.ement, 412 MC. 

9-3 pm - Birth Control Center is open for InformatIOn and to make appomtments. Student 
Health Center. This service is for students and student partners. 

9-4 - A table with a plethora of Israel-related literature ... s~e Monday . . . 
10 am - Graduate and Professional School Recrwtment. Umverslty Graduate 

representatives will make short presentations ~t 10 :00 am in the policie~ a~d. financial 
assistance. Afterwards tables will be setup outSide the Student Center for mdlvldual con-
sultations. Representatives for all U .C. campuses and Stanford University will be present. 
Minority and low income students are especially invited to attend. 

10-noon -Open Counseling by Esther Salazar, 701 MC. 
11-noon - Walk·incareer counseling. Jenni Murray & Dick Weber, 302 MC. 
11 :30 am - Meeting of Fourth College Program Board . Matthews Campus Recreation 

Center. 
Noon - Me ting of those Muir students seeking information about graduate schools. The 

meeting ill be led by Carmel Myers , Muir College Assistant Dean, Confe rence Room, 2146 
H&SS . 

Noon - Meeting. Conditioning Club Meeting . Wrestling ~oom, Main Gym. . 
oon - Walk·in : Graduate school advising open meetmg for MUir students In 2346 HSS. 

GRE ant' LSAT test booklets available as well as information on financial aids. Bring your 
lunch ! 

I 
Noon - 1 'etlng Of thp R veUe Committee on College Affairs (.RCCA l Revelle P~ovost 

Office. ~'eetings are open to all studeul.s. C'U pokesperson WIll be present to discuss 
developments in the Union. . . 

1.3 pm - Law School Meeting. Harvard Law School. General InfonnatlOn. career Plan-
ning & P'acement, 412 MC. 

1 pm·· Christian Prayer Meeting. Lounge Conference Room, Student Center. 
3 pm - Fi~ld hockey team versus Grossmont. Muir Field, UCSD. 
4 pm - Badmintull vs. Point Loma, main gym. 
4 :30 pm - Meeting of Revelle Han Board. Blake Conference Room, Blake Hall . 
4: 30 pm - Meeting of Trident Christian Fellowship Committee Lounge Conference Room, 

Student Cent r . 
4::30 pm-- Meeting. Gymnastics Club Meeting. South Balcony, Main Gym. 
5 pm·- Me ling. Third World Studies Me ting. orth onference Room, Student Center: 
6 pm .. Me 'ling. Ch erleaders Club Meeting. Recrea tion Conferen e Room, Hecreahon 

Gym. 
6 pm _. M e tillg. Pep Band Club Meeting. Recreation Confer nce Room , R c reation Gym. 
6 pm - M 'cling. Dan e Workshop Me ting . West Bal 'ony , Main Gym . 

G RE and LSAT test booklets available as well as information of fmancial aids. . 
4 pm - Meeting. Table Tennis Club Meeting. Recreation Conference Room, Recreation 

Gym. (unless room is previously scheduled) . 
4 pm - Women's volleyball team versus San Diego City Co~leg~ . Recreation Gym. 
4 pm - Meeting. Musicians' Guild Meeting. Student Orgamzatlons, Student Center. 
4 pm - Meeting of those Muir students seeking information about graduate schools. The 

meeting will be led by Cannel Myers, Muir College Assistant Dean. Conference Room, 2148 
H&ss. 

4: 30 pm - Meeting. Gymnastics Club Meeting. South Balcony , Main gym. . 
4:30 PM - BIOLOGY SEMINAR Dr. Lester Parker of the Department of PhyslOlogr-

Anatomy, U.C. Berkeley, will speak on "Factors limiting the Life Span of Human Cells 10 
Culture". Room 2105, Bonner Hall. 

5-9 pm -Clinic at the Birth Control Center. See Monday. . 
5 pm - Lecture. The UCSD Fitness Club will sponsor a lecture by Deborah Woerschmg on 

nutrition. P&L 110, Muir Campus. 
6 pm - Meeting of S.A.T.C.H. (Students Active Towards Mental Health), Revelle Formal 

Lounge. 
6: 30 pm - Class on American sign language for all interested. Disabled Student Center. 
7 pm -- Meeting of the Kundalini Yoga Club. Adaptive Room, Main Gym. 
7 pm - Discussion. "How to Stay Alive and Well at ~ourt~ College," a d~s~ussion led by 

Ted Forbes, Physical Education Department, on phYSical fitness and nutritIon. Matthews 
Campus Recreation Center . 

7 pm -- Lecture. S.I.M.S. Lecture. H.L . 1436. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. Dance Workshop Meeting. North Balcony, Main G~m. 
7:30 pm - Lecture. S.I.M.S. lecture on transcendental meditation. North Conference 

Room, Student Center. 
7:30 pm - Meeting of the Trident Christian Fellowship. 
7 :45 pm - Meeting. Aikido Club meeting. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. . 
8 pm - Film. In conjunction with Israeli Awareness Week : " The Dreamer", The Israeh 

1970 entry in the Cannes Film Festival and winner of multitudinous international awards . 
Tickets are 50 cents for students, $1.00 for others. USB 2622. 

6:30 pm -- Music 5 & Dime's "Sing for Your Supper Series" featuring J ohn Adler, Bruce 
Becker, and Ted Gutch. Muir5& Dime, Lower Muir CjJmmons. Free. 

WHAT'S ON 5 1311 Wendy Eagle. editor; Bart Blank'nfeld. inlormalion coordinator; Tony. Voly . 51.1. Sit ... 
F red. Dan. Janel P .• Janet F . Owen Dennis. Cheryl . lind. B .. Linda L .• Sue . inlorm.l ion goth ..... ; Cynthia. 
Cammie. Wendy. Iyplst • . 

Thursday 
9 am • 5 pm - Career Job Interviews. NCR Corporation, Data Processing Division. Seeks 

BA Computer Science for positions in software development. Appointments necessary. 
Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

9 am - 5 pm - Program Information. U.S. Navy Recruiting District to provide information 
about various programs. Drop-in. career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

9-4 - A table with a plethora ofIsrael-related literature ... see Monday. 
9·3 pm - Birth Control Center. See Tuesday. 
10-12 noon - Open Counseling by Dick Weber, 701 MC. 
Noon - Rally. Peter camejo, Socialists Workers candidate for president in 76, will speak 

on Socialist Answer to Racism and the Economic Crisis. Muir Plaza. 
Noon - Fair and Flea Market. An Israeli Fair and Flea Market will be sponsored by the 

Union of Jewish Students. There will be food, entertainment, and merchandise on sale. The 
fa ir will feature a Shesbesh (backgammon ) Tournament and Israeli singers and dancers. 

7:30 & 10 pm - Film. The Campus Program Board will present " Alice in Wonderland", 
Walt Disney's animated film of Lewis Carroll's equally classic novel. Admission is $1. 
U.S.B.2722. 

7: 30 pm - Lecture. Professor Gabriel Jackson, UCSD Department of Histor} , will speak 
on " Prospects of Change for Contemporary Spain. A reception will follow the presentation. 
Al! those inter Jted are invited. I nternational Center . 

8 pm - Friday Evenings in Del Mar. "Christmas in November", an evening with Drama 
Department Professor Eric Christmas. St. Peter's Church, Del Mar. 

6 pm - Drama Production. The San Diego Repertory Company will present Bertolt 
Brecht's Duc hess of Malfi. General admission is $2. and admission for UCSD students is $1. 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

Saturday 
Revelle Plaza. ALL DAY - Athletic Event. The UCSD rugby team will participate in the All-cal Tour-

Noon Concert - Fourth College will sponsor a concert featuring the Ginger Keahi Allen nament. UCLA , Los Angeles , CA. 
Polynesian Dancers. Matthews Cafeteria Patio. Free . 6 am - Meeting. Campus Crusade for Christ. H.L. Auditorium. 

Noon - Meeting of Conditioning Club Meeting. Wrestling Room , Main Gym. 9 am - Workshop. The UCSD Extension Office will offer a physical education program: 
Noon - Concert. EDNA, The UCSD Information Center, will present in concert " Aura", a " Jogging/Running, Is It for Me?" Medical, physiological and dietary considerations. The 

jazz and soul band. The band features Jim Nau. Free. Front Gym Steps. program will last until 3:00 pm. Call the Extension Office, 452-3400, for admission fee and 
I : 00 pm - Christian Prayer Meeting. Lounge Conference Room, Student Center. other information. The program will take place in the Recreation Gym. 
3 pm - Walk-in: Graduate school advising open meeting for Muir students in 2346 HSS. 9 am - Lecture. The UCSD Extension Office will oIrer a psychology program: " Under. 

G RE and LSAT test booklets available as well as information on financial aids. standing the theory and technique of Gestalt Therapy ." The program will last unti14 : 00 pm. 
3 pm - Last of the Chat Sessions sponsored by the Third College Academic Advising Staff For admission fee and other information, call 452-3400. The lecture will take place in the 

for fall quarter. MC 412, room 11. Interna tiona l Center Lounge. 
3 pm - Workshop. Career options workshop : a focusing on the process of defining possible 9·noon - Seminar. An extension sponsored event entitled Living with Pain, given by Dr. 

career directions and assessing career factors important to you . It is necessary to sign up Richard A. Sternbach. Registration fee is $10. USB 2722. 
ahead of time. career Planning and Placement, 412 MC, rm. 15. 10 am - Meeting of the Karate Club. Main Gym. 

3 pm - Meeting of Muir students seeking information about graduate schools. The 10 am - Meeting. Aikido Club Meeting. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 
meeting will be led by Carmel Myers, Muir College Assistant Dean. Conference Room 2148 10 am - Water polo team versus San Diego State University . San Diego State University. 
H&S.S. 10 :30 am - Meeting. UCSD Student Cooperative's Budget Resource Group meeting. Game 

3: 30 pm - Water Polo Team vs. Whittier College. Whittier College, Whittier, Calif. Conference Room, Student Center. 
4 pm - Badminton Team vs. Grossmont College, Main Gym. Noon - Meeting. Triton Wargaming Society Meeting. Tioga Hall, Rooms 102,302, 502, 702, 
4 pm - Meeting of the Frisbee Club on Muir basketball courts. Bring $1 for club fee . New and 902, Muir campus. 

program starting. 1 pm - Soccer team versus California State University . Long Beach, California State 
4 pm - Seminar by Professor Keith Stewartson, Department of Aerospace Engineering, University, Long Beach. 

USC on Weekly Linear Waves. 7104 Urey Hall . 7:30 pm - Films. The Campus Program Board will present the films "Such a Gorgeous 
4 pm - Meeting. Muir College Program Board. Muir Activities Office. Kid Like Me", 7:30 pm, " Mississippi Mermaid," 9: 15 pm. Directed by Francois Truffaut, 
4 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Career Planning Meeting. Formal Lounge, Revelle both films deal with the " femme fatale" : in the laUer, catherine Deneuve ; in the former : 

Commons. Bernadette La Font. Trufaut shows his talents for both suspence and comedy in these less 
4 :30 pm - Meeting. Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gym. widely seen films . 
5:30 pm - Meeting. Belly Dance Club . Recreation Conference Room, Recreation Gym. 7 :45 pm - Worship, Havdallah services, followed by music, movies, and entertainment. 
5:30 pm - Meeting of Yoga Club. Adaptive Room, Main Gym. Muir Cafeteria. 
6 pm - Meeting. Muir Outing Club. A.P.M. 2402, Mt. Ranier trip will be discussed. 6 pm _. Dance. The Asian American Students Alliance will sponsor a dance. Admission is 
6 pm - Meeting of Drama Club. Game Conference Room, Student Center. $2.00 in advance , $2.50 at the door, Revelle Cafeteria. 
6 pm - Meeting of the Triton Wargaming Society in 902 Tioga Hall . All interested are 6 pm - Drama Production , the San Diego Repertory Company wiU present Bertolt 

welcome. Brecht's Duchess of Malli. General admission is $2.00 and admission for UCSD students is 
6:30 pm - Meeting. Young Socialist Alliance. Formal Lounge, Revelle Commons. $1.00. Mandeville Recital Hall . 
7 pm - Meeting. The B.S.U. will have a combined meeting and social/cultural event. ADM 8 pm -- Dance. Fourth College will sponsor a 50's Dance featuring the band " Grease City" , 

2113, Muir Campus. Matthews Cafeteria. Open to Fourth College res ident and communiting students. Free. 
7 pm - EAB meeting, Revelle Informal Lounge. 6 om - Sonata Recital. Scholarshio Benefit Concert with Rafael Druian, violin, lise von 
7 pm - Class on the theater of the deaf , San Diego State, Aztec Center . Knowledge of sign Alpenheim, piano. Works by Bartok, Franck, Mozart. Mandeville Auditoriwn. 

language helpful but not necessary. 8 pm - Theater. Mesa Club of the Deaf presents A Play of our Own, Mission Bay High 
7 pm - Informal discussion with Peter camej o, SWP presidential candidate. Student School. Students : $1.50 General Admiss ion : $2 . 

Center lounge. 
7 pm- Fencing Club. West Balcony, MuirGym. 
8 pm - Film. The Union of Jewish Students will sponsor the C.B.S. and N.B.C. 

docwnentary films ; " The Israelis" and " Soviet Buildup in the Middle East". USB 2622. 
8 pm - Lecture. Dr. Rae Blwnberg, Department of Sociology, will discuss the changing 

role of women on the Israeli Kibbutz, " From Liberation to Laundry " . North Conference 
Room, Student Center. 

8 pm - Meeting of the scuba club. 2D 2250. 
6 pm - Meeting of the snow ski club. Information on the Utah and Aspen trips. 
6 pm - Game night at the 5 & Dime, Here's a chance to meet other game enthusiasts. BYO 

'Game (Backgammon, checkers, Bridge, Monopoly etc.) Lower Muir Conunons. 
8:30 pm - Theater. Opening of a new play, The Convention, by T,K. Blakesley at the 

Crystal Palace Theater, 3765 Ocean Front Walk, Mission Beach through December 28. 
Reservations : ~1. 

Friday 

Sunday 
Noon - Seminar. Music Department Seminar. Cecil Lytle, Piano performance. Room 

B210, Mandeville Center. 
10:30 am - Meeting. UCSD Student Cooperative's Budget Resource Group meeting. Game 

Conference Room, Student Center. 
10:30 am - Worksbop. Catholic Mass for students. North Conference Room, Student 

Center. 
2: 15 pm - Conference. In conjunction with Israel Awareness Week, UCSD will sponsor the 

Second Annual UC wide Judaic Studies Conference. Leading Judaic Studies authorities will 
be in attendance. The conference will continue on Monday. All are welcome. International 
Center. 

7 pm - Discussion. Bert Kobayashi, Department of Physical Education will lead a 
discussion about his "Seven Days on the Water in the Bahamas," a resea rch trip he un-
dertook in conjuction with Scripps. MC Recreation Center. 

. , 7:30 pm - Meeting of all those interested in receiving bridge lessons, for the purpose of 
9-4 - Table (as if you hadn t already guessed -see above). doing so. Revelle Formal Lounge . 
9 am - 5.pm - Program Info~atlon. U.S. Navy Recruiting district to provide information 6 pm - Drama Production: The San Diego Repertory Company will present Betolt 

about vanous programs. Drop-m. career Planrung & Placement, 412 MC. Brecht's Ducbess of Malli. General admission is $2 and admission is for UCSD students $1. 
9 am - Meeting. Student Dance Coop. North Balcony, Main Gym. Mandeville Recital Hall. 
10 am - Meeting, Administrative Intern 's Meeting. Student Organizations, Student 8:30 pm - Meeting. Abbey of Lang meeting. Game Conference Room, Student Centt:I·. 

Center. All day Athletic Event. The UCSD Rugby Team will participate in the AU-Cal tour-
10 am - Seminar. Jaoanese Flower Arrans(inl(. International Center . nament. UCLA, Los Angeles. 
11 a m - Meeting. UCSD Communications Board Meeting. North Conference Room WORSHIP FOR Students and Staff at University-Community Church: 

:student Center. ' Catholic- 6:30 and 5 pm. 
12-4 - Sign your name to a huge poster in support of Israel. We'll have a long, long, long, Lutheran - 10 am. 

long poster and lots of paint on the deck on the second floor of the Student Center, right Episcopal-ll :30 am. 
above EDNA . If you support Israel, come smear/painVsign your name on the poster. We 'll 
put it up on Urey hall at the end of the day. 

I pm - Christian Prayer Meeting. Lounge Conference Room, Sutdent Center. 
? om - Sl'minAr with Dr. Sanford B. Roberts. Professor of Mechanics & Structures. UCLA 

on tructural dynamic modeling of human tboracic skeleton, 2100 SSB, Matthews Campus. 
2-3 - Alcohol Clinic for students seeking information or counseling on use or abuse of 

A lcohol. Revelle Counselors Office. Kathy Naive and Hugh Patesl Ph.D'l jeaders . X3490. 3 pm - Colloquium sponsored by the Philosophy Departmem. Dr. Michael Gordy Will 
speak on Marx's Ethics, Revelle formal lounge. 

4 pm - Meeting. Table Tennis ClUb. Recreation Conference Room, Recrea tion Gym. 
(unless room is previously scheduled). 

4:30 pm -- Meeting. Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gym. 
6 pm - Fencing Team vs. Long Beach Saber Club. An away tournament . 
6: 30pm - Women 's Volleyball team vs. University of San Diego. University of San Diego, 

San Diego. 
7 pm -. Meeting. campus Crusade for Christ. Winzet Commons, Basic Science Building. 

Schoo l of Medicine. All welcome 
7 pm -- Dinner. Is raeli Shabbat Dinner sponsored by the Is raeli Stud nts of UCSD. Muir 

Apts., T.V. Lounge. 
7 pm - Meeting for the members of the Student Educational Cha nge Center Game Con-

ference Hoom, Student Center. 
7 pm - Gymnastics Club vs . Gymnast ics Club of Baja California. UCSD gym. Free with 

S tuden tID. G ne raj Admission : $1 . . 
7 :30 pm - Meeting. Folk Dance lub. Hecreation onferenc Room, Recr aU on Gym. 



Panel. • • 
Mary Leo, ~ intern in the 

academic affai'l office, said the 
forum was arra.fI!ed "to increase 
awareness and iilformation in the 
UCSD commtujty on the T A 
question. " 

Leo said that quality education 
was a concern to everyone con-
cerned, especially to the un-
dergraduates, and it is important 
to see whether the needs of quality 
education are being addressed in 
the current GSU/administration 
dispute. ti prepared Ques ODS 

Of the four prepared questions, 
most discussion centered around 
the reasons why the TA issue had 
surfaced now, and whether the 
demand for more money for TAs is 
expressly for doing teaching work 
or whether it is in recognition for 
becoming a graduate student. 

M. Lea Rudee, provost of Fourth 
College , reviewed the recent 
history of the status of TAs on 

campus. Rudee said that last year 
over-enrolhnent monies made it 
possible to reduce the T Alstudent 
ratio to 40 : 1. 

However, Rudee said fonner UC 
President Charles Hitch once in-
dicated there would be no more 
overenrolhnent monies and the 
TA/student ratio had been ex-
pected to return to the historical 
figure of 51 : 1. 

Rudee said, however, that 
President Saxon has provided 
some unexpected overenrollment 
monies, giving UCSD one third of 
last year's figure. This, coupled 
with a biology department federal 
grant and some work-study money, 
Rudee said, has led to the current 
TA ratio of 44 :1. 

GSU Pressure 
However, GSU representative 

Jim Kavanaugh said that the 
administration came up with the 
money in response to GSU 
pressure. 

Ruth Stark, also of the GSU, said 
the T A issue surfaced because 

• r'.«)I •• lo'8 
people were begiming to see how 
bad the existing situation was 
becoming. She also said that job 
security was a major factor in the 
GSU drive. 

" Though there are new sources 
of funds, " Stark said, " it is not 
clear that the new funds will be 
permanent." . 

Stark said that a reallocation of 
state funds tn the UC budget could 
be used to change the T Alstudent 
ratio. She pointed to the UC 
President's opportunity funds and 
possible cuts in UCSD ad-
ministration as two new sources of 
funds . 

Rudee responded that the use of 
presidential opportunity funds to 
inc rease TA monies would weaken 
the University in its fight for funds 
with the governor and the 
legislature. He said because UCSD 
is a research institution, ad-
ministration costs are always 
higher. 

Avrum Stroll, the associate Vice-
chancellor of academic affairs, 

spoke aoout the value of TAs in the 
educational process. He said that 
one of the major purpoaes of the 
TA program is to give some 
professional training to the 
graduate student. 

" In the long run, graduate 
students receive the greatest 
benefit from the TA program," 
Stroll said. 

Cbeapest Source 
Kavanaugh, said grads are not 

demanding teaching positions, but 
that there is a need for more 
teachers on campus. He said that 
graduate students are the cheapest 
source of teaching labor. 

"Graduate students are willing 
to do the work, the work is needed, 
and the state should provide the 
money to do the work, " 
Kavanaugh said. 

Sheldon Schulz, chairman of the 
Academic Senate, that the Com-
mittee for Educational Policy 
(CEP ) is in process of reviewing 
undergraduate classes. The C~P 
is looking closely at teachmg 

Monday, November 3, 1175 

methods to see what the T A 
relationship is to quality academic 
education. 

Schulz said that if the TA must 
lecture because of large section 
sizes, then that is clearly a poor 
academic policy . 

The Trllon nm .... NCOII"IacI b, I'" 
Communlc .. l ..... B08ld 01 UCSD ...... 
olllcl8l II_nt ..... l1li1*. Publlc .. lon 
I. on MoneIIy' . Weclnnd8y •• nd '''''1 
durlng . I .... .... I ... school y .. r 1-0811' 
on ollicial hoNday.l . Edltorl8l -
bulln .... 0111.,. .... 10CII18d In 117 BI .... 
Hili on .... R_II. Col. c ......... 
UnI .. rslty 01 Cilifornl., S.n 0 18110 . 

L.tt... 10 Ihe Elllor .nd opinion 
columns .... _lcomMI. Altaubml .. 1on1 
Ihould b8 'yped on • 7 ...... .,. II .. on 
non ..... bI. P..... They should nol 
•• ceed Ihre. pagel In leng.h double-
lp8Ced. The Trllon n",.. ....... lhe 
right 10 edil .ubm .. lion. b8c.... 01 
1p8C.llmil.llon. or ',l1li *luI .. ment • . 

I For edilorlll; aoll 452·3_; lor 
butln .. s ..,d display 811 .. " .. _1 • • 
clll 452-3468. 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
housiNG · 

live at the BEACH where iI's cool and Quiet. 
Lg 2 BR furn. apt. overlooking Moonllte 
Beach ,n Encinitas. Ideal for3S1U(jen's -$75 
per mo. each. Coast Cruiser Service. 44 1 
Fourth St. Enc,nitas or call 223-9666. 753· 
1792. (1117) 

Clean FurnIShed IwO bedroom apt. on 
Bayside 01 488 Mission Beach 1962 
w l par!lIng$220manlh. (1115) 

LIVe al Rancho La Costa. brd nu $-bdr condo 
inc lacuzzi. 2 pool . sauna. flrepl . wetber. 
uashmasher. dishwasher Near coast crus 
but rmmates have carS. Own rm & bath $125 
mo. all utI. paid. Call Gary. 438·1818 : J im. 
272-5908. (11/5) 
HOUSEMA TE WANTED. Couple Okay. P B. 
Near Beach. prel Grad or Sellous St udents. 
Call AON 273-8668 (11 15) 

Own Room In beauhful3 BR Leucadia house. 
Avocado orchard. garden ing space. $158 . 
436·55 41 Ava"ab leN ow' (1 1 /3) 

fOR SAlE 
Calculators-HP21 ·S118 HP22·155 HP25· 
$182. SR50A·S91 SR51 -$I40 5 Day 
delivery. Send pllce plus 6 percenl ta. (pref. 
moneyorder) to Cheap Calculator Co. 634 41h 
SI. DaVIS. CA 95616 questions call 800-952· 
5252. (11 126) 
SALE !' Turquo,se Jewelery WHOLESALE 
PRICES. Call 45~5671 ask lor Fred cuslom 
orders also

' 
II (11 /3) 

E)I;9C. Desk & swivel chair. lock drawers 
Wainul top $100.00 or besl offer. 481 -9207. 
(11 13) 

Full welsuit. Sea Ouest Back Z'per. almost 
new $SO .OO. Call 481 ·9207 (11 13) 

1971 ALFA ROMEO GTV . XLNT. 452-3760. 
45$-2581 (I I 15) 

64 Ford Galaxie 500 . Excellenl condition . 
67.000 mi . $450. 45$-5259 (1113) 

ElectllC gUllal for sale. great slide achon. 
e.cellenl Buy $85. Call Philip 488-6710. 
(1113) 
SALE TurqUOise Jewelery WHOLESALE 
PRICES I Alsocuslomjewelery 10 order. Call 
453-5671 . Ask for Freel. (I I 15) 
Bose 901 '5400 Concord MK.9 Casselle w i 
Dolby $75. 453-9321 . (11 13) 

FOR SALE F iat 128 '72. good running 
cand . 33 mpg. Michelin radials 1500 lirm. 
Call 453·8538. Paul (11 13) 

For Sale Meerschaum Pipe. fully carved . 
,mponed from Turkey . $60. Call 45$-8538. 
ask for Paul (1 I 13) 

Olivett,·Underwood PAAXIS48 Eleclric 
TypeWriter E.cellent condition. Phone 282· 
3861 (11 /3) 

Yamaha. excellenl cand 65 mpg. 200 cc. 
ful ly equ ipped. Must sell S325 or best. 452-
0285 (11 13) 

SKI Bools. Lange Slandard 9 'h • best ofl er 
takes them Also LOOk 55 bindings. 1 season 
old . Call Pat. 453-2386 (11 13) 

WANTEd 
Need exIra cash ? Paying lop dollar lor your 
US Silver coins mlnled before 1965. Ken 
453·7924. (11 126) 

A IIde needed 10 Ihe Bay area lhe weekend of 
Nov 8. If you can help please call Lisa 452-
0773. Share expenses. (1113) 

Need ride 10 LA Frl. Nov. 7 before I pm . Call 
Dave 45$-20'12. Will pay lor gas. (11 13) 
(11 13) 
Wanted Mature male. dedicaled to being 
open-minded. logical . emolionally sensitive. 
Barbara 755-0941 . (11 f5) 

Experienced Iypisl needed to work nights. 
MuSh be aceurale. Call 436-3747. 

Male Shaltoon ian seeks lemales for Shag 
Day (Nov. 7) See dela,ls. (11 13) 

Attention 
Minority and low income 

Juniors and Seniors 
A Gro d u ol e a nd Pr o fe sslo nol Sc hool Recru i tment Day will b e held 01 
Ihe Siu d en i Cenle r 

Office of G ' a ale S tudies and Research 

TU ESD A Y I JetvEMBER 4 1h .. )975 

10 :00a . m Iq 4 ·00p. m . 

M e et ,ng I ) begin p ro mp tly at )0 :00 a.m . In Norlh conference r o om . 
Un ivers i ty C od l:ofc "~ f'r .. ~..,ntollves w i ll make sharI presenlallan 
on Ihe i r re spe c l i ll e com pUS progrom s ... uJmisslons , finanCial 
osslSIOnCE" et . 

Tab)es wi · 1 be set up in o u tSide area for individual inlerl/iews . 

Represen ollves : All UC c ampuses: DOl/IS. Sonia Cruz . ~erkeley, 
RiverSide . Irvine , UCLA, UC Son Francisco . Sonlo Borbara . Stanford 
Un lverslly . 

Spo nsored by Coordinoti ng Com m Iltee on 
Professl o nol Adl/onc ment Career Pla ,u ilng 
Educallona l Opporlunlly Program . 

Groduote ond 
& Plocemenl, 

All students are invited to attend 
Of lice of Gr d u leSludles and A~search 

• SERVICES 
WOr!<shopS TBA in old masler preparalions & 
lechnlques. Drawing paslel . oils. still life & 
li le. BiIl436·0709 (11 15) 

People movers. Moving advice and 
ass istance. Very reasonable . Call Jell 272-
3078 . (11 126) 

THE WOOD DOVE-A gourmet Nalural Foods 
Restaurant , recently opened In Solana 
Beach . ISO Acacia (Nexl 10 Anolher Bird) . 
Open" · l1 Dinner from 5·10. Special offer : 
Fru,' Smooth,e. 45 cenfs . Ocl. 15· Nov. 15. 
T eI 75~581 o. 

Dei you really leel like silting up lonlghl to 
gel lhat paper Iyped Ihat was due lasl welli<? 
Let me do It - call Sher 279-1418Clairemont . 
II 1 126) 

COIleg,ale research a,ds· thousands on file. 
Send $1 for your 160 page mal l order catalog . 
Resealeh Assistance. 11322 Idaho Ave .206 
LoS AngelesCA 90025. 21$-477·6474 . (1 119) 

FLUTE LESSONS·Class,cal ,nstruetlon by 
expellenced fluhst wilh Eur. & Amer 
training Advanced students as well as 
beg in ners welcome Develop lone , 
technique, & musical interpretatton. Leonard 
Fenlon · 452-92a! . (I 117) 

Fall and W inter Irlmming and pruning . All 
trees and shrubs .. ornamental, large . or 
small Expert. Removals. digging. or 
planting. Banks and hillsides cleared. re-
des'gned. complete hauling No job too 
dlff lculi. AI (early AM oraller 7pm) 277-3520. 
(I I 13) 

Modeling Portfolio·s. If you ' re Interested In 
model ing and need one. Call 452-0410- ask 
lor DaVId Bargain. (11110) 
Chllstian SCience Campus Counselors Office 
hours 1·3 pm Fnday. Nov 7th. Bldg 507 
Mallhews Campus ReligiOUS Allalrs Office 
Anne Hofflund 276-5190. Paul Hofflund 279· 
2801 Home 453·5217 . (11/5) 

Typing lor Adult. _ Children 
We can leach louct>-Iyping to seven·year• 

aids and up. The new ''Cover· Gu,de" 
Program now enables young children as well 
as adulis to enloy the many benefits of being 
able 10 10uch· lype rapid ly and accurate ly. 
IndilJ idualized Instruction is offered in small 
private classes. BrUSh UP courses also 
available . For information . please 
call 454·7t67 . Tra,nlng Researc h 
Corp .. 7440 Girard . La Jolla. (11 14) 

HATHA YOGA Classes. 6 wk Intra course 
$12 Begins Tues. Nov. 11 7-8 :30 pm . Wed . 
NOV 129 3().ll am. Intermediate classes sa 
per monlh . Thurs Nov. 6 orFri Nov. 79 3()'11 
am. FREE Inlro class Wed Nov. 5 9:30-11 
am. For Regris . call 275· 1839 Sandra Jen-
nings (certified by Indra Devl) . (t 117) 

Bennie. Back 
Haircuts $5 by a Professi""al. Nov. 8. 9. 10 
CaIiJean452-1565 (11 17) 
Tune ups. brakes . minor repair Good work . 
low pri ce. M ,ke 488·0873 
(11 114) 

Too much eslrogen in your bloodslream? We 
can make hundreds of robOI babies togelher. 
K Troul (1117) 

Invlla1 ions to exclusive party still avaIlable. 
Call452-8268. Limited alter. (1117) 

Tenn,s Lessons - Sludenls rales 10 $7/hr . 
Steve Bassell (USPTA) . 459-3755. (1113) 

Blues Harmonica lessons 272·8532. (I I 13) 

Typing . Marilyn would like to Iype your 
paper. thesis. book . She Is experienced. 
fasl. reasonable. and has a Correcting IBM. 
Please call her at 56~7060. (1115) 

Europe. Israel. Orien l . NY . TGA low-cost 
fllghls. A,st 1436 S. LaCienega BI. L .A . 
90035 714·544,9333 or 213-652-2727. 
(1 t (26) 

SSW Travel Office. UCSD Inlernalianal 
Center. XMAS NY Charter $209 : Mazatzan 
camping $139: Cenl. America 3 we .. s 
$479 ... lnl"l Sludeht 10. Summer Europe 
Charters .. ... 452-0630. 11 am • 4 pm. Mon. 
Wed. Frionly. (11126) 

lO5T &fOONd 
Losl one Cross Pen wi In,lIals SWP. Lost In 
HL IAUD 10/23. Illound please call 453-5838 
or 453-7450. (11/7) 

Losl : MechaniCS 01 SOlids Popov. Please 
relurn 10 TT 011 ice. (11 13) 

Lost · Spaulding TenniS Racquet on MulrCI. 
lasl Monday. II found call 453-0474 
REWARD (11 13) 

Lost Ig Black Suede Wallel . has all I.D '. 
Aevelle Campus Sc i. Library or USB . Call 
Megan 488-7869 (11 13) 

Lost I blue Ski G love around Argo. Call 
Peter. 75~0904 eves. (1 I 13) 

Lost one Gold Loop Earring. Losl on campus 
Fllday 10131 . If fou nd please turn in toTI 
Olflce. (11/3) 

THE BRODS • Happy One Month 01 
sorryness. embarrassment. and always 
having to leave. Love ya. TheWag . (11 /3) 
To' Sandy· formerly known as K .E .Y.· May 
you lind greater sexual pleasures under your 
new ,denti ty. (11 13) 

Boaps,e . You make me so very happy! 
Smllel I'll be seeing you before long. You 
have all my love. Frank. (1 1 /3) , 

MIJO ' You ale Ihe sunshine of my life . 
Happy 21st B irthday! With Love. Kisses and 
Hugs. From Your M lla. (1113) 

University of California, 
San Diego 

Mandeville lecture 
RUSTY RHODES: 
it IIEt~AIIE 

from Dalla. to Watergate 

• 
• 

NOV. 4, 8pm TUES. 
UCSD .T.et O.A ••• 

In the Mandeville ALICI. 
Th"kets:UCSD BOX OFFICE. 4112- 4080 

Monday, November 3, 1175 
Page seven 

11 Games of the Week 

Volleyball, Basketball Highlight Intramurals Sports Notebook 
ByRooKato 
Staff Writer 

In running its winning streak to 
three straight games, the Olym-
pians won the Triton Times in-
tramural game of the week by 
defeating the Third Legs' in two 
consecutive games Wednesday. 

Also featured in this week's 
coverage was a game which saw 
Insured lenptness lose it's first 
match of the season under a 
controversial game ending 
situation to the Bruiser's Knockers 
in Poodle league play. 

the Olympians tallied for 15 
baskets, three more tha n 
necessary total to win a game. 
Burke's scored then helped the 
Olympians to a 12-6 second game 
win. 

The second contest of the night, 
matching the undefeated Ineptness 
squad against the Knockers, ended 
when the third game of the match 
was called because of time. 

In the first game, with the score 
tied at 11 apiece, Knocker's cap-
tain Paul Trevino scored two 
unanswered baskets to give his 
team a 13-11 victory. Led by the 

outside shooting of Alan Nakatan i 
and Dave E isen a nd the rebound-
ing of Alex Chen, Insured Inep-
tness battled back to even up the 
match with a 12-8 win in the second • 
game. 

Jon Halperin's basket in the 
rubber game of the match proved 
to be the deciding fa ctor for the 
victorious Knockers as the game 
was called due to the longevity of 
the match. Despite the score being 
a mere 2-1 in the third game the 
Knocker's were accredited with 
the victory. 

Continued on Page 8 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

An Honor, Finally 
I 

In the first contest, the Olym-
pians , competing in the three-man 
basketball circuit with two female 
players, handily downed their 
opponents in two straight games 
while raising their Beagle league 
reco rd to 3-1. 

League Trophy Within Reach 
for Badminton 

Paul Trainer , the tall, skinny 
performer on the past few Triton 
varsity basketball squads, who 
matured into the leader of last 
yea r's near-play-off team, has 
fi nally been honored. 

The holder of numerous UC San 
Diego scoring a nd rebounding 
records, T rainer was picked to the 
College Division West Coast All-
America team for the 1974-75 
season . He was also chosen to the 
NAiA All-District 3 team for the 
past year. 

Opening play with the Olympians 
in possession of the ball, Debbie 
Robertson sank a 12-Footer to give 
her team the early edge. 
Following Olympian Will Mora's 
tip in, the Leg's Dean Arvidson and 
Jerry Larson combined for two 
field goals to tie up the score at 2-2. 
Scott Burk scored the next five 
baskets and Lisa Stewart sub-
stituting for Robinson added a lay 
in to put the game well out of 
reach. Losing count of the score 

FiNAlly ••• 

Edging one game closer to a 
league championship, the UC San 
Diego badminton team tramples 
hapless Palomar Thursday, 12-1. 

The victory gave the Tritons a 5-1 
ledger, and kept them one game 
behind Mesa , which remains un-
beaten. UCSD also downed South-
western last week 10-3, in a match 
that handed the Tritons sole 
possession of second place. The 
entire season now appears to be 
coming down to one event, the 
November 13 showdown at Mesa. 

A spEci4hy SItOE STORE jtJ5T fOR TIlE 
p4NT 4Nd jUN look! WE 1t4 VE TItE fiNEST 
sElECTiON of C4StJ4L SItOES iN S4N DiEGO 

COME iN 4Nd SEE fOR yotJRsdf. 

r------------------------, 
I S I: OFF the r~gular I I I price I 
I with this ad. Your chOice of one I 
I pair of men's or women's shoes I I at ~5 off I 
I offer expires 11-20-75 I L-----------___________ ~_J 
tne casual paiR 

"qualit.Y casual shoes" 
1765 GARNET AVE. 

PACIFIC BEACH, CAL. 92109 Fs! 
274-1471 

In. 

. . .. "., ' •• • • • "" '" ' " If " 'I'I'. ~ J '" 

Three UCSD doubl es com-
bina tions remained undefeated for 
the season in the rout of Palomar. 
The men 's combinations of Cliff 
Gates and Gary Krietzer , and Lee 
Miramontes, a nd the mixed duo of 
Edie Nakahiro and Kent Schwitkis 
still have yet to lose in 1975. A 
doubles team making their season 
debut, Laurie Berg and Perry Yen, 
also won, 6-15, 15-11, 15-11. 

Coach Judy Sweet plans to rest 
some regulars in tomorrow's 4 pm 

Lil Noll (n photo: Nathan 
Meyers) 
match against last-pla ce Point 
Lorna. Some of the lower players 
on the badminton ladder will get 
their initial opportunity in in-
tercollegiate play . 

" I'm planning to use about 20 
players tomorrow," said Sweet. 
"The interest has been so high and 
all the players have been coming to 
practices whether they've been 
playing or not in the matches. This 
will give them the chance that they 
deserve and also give some players 
a little game experience ." 

Ir •• 

The 6'7" , 185 pounder was the top 
scorer (18.6 points per game) and 
rebounder (10.6) on the Triton 
squad that had a good enough 
record to enter the play-offs last 
year, but was disqualified for using 
an ineligi ble player . All -American Paul Trainer 

Traine r 's percentages were also impressive, as he hit 56.6% from the 
field a nd 77% from the free throw line . He is now playing professional 
basketball in Europe ... 

In an effort to accomodate the Hordes of fans who try to fit into the 
recreation gym Tuesday, Wednesday, and Sunday nights, boards have 
been put up in the no rthwest and southwest corners during floor hockey 
games. The sport is one of the most interesting on campus, but in the 
past, fans were relegated to standing in the little cubicle in the west side 
of the gym. We now expect someone to start selling beer and peanuts at 
the end of each per iod ... 

Rene Yamanaka has been credited with winning the first quarterly 
Triton Times Sports Quiz, with a score of fourteen of fifteen correct. A 
story on her reactions to the victory and the two Sails tickets are coming 
up . For those still holding their breath, the answers were : 1) Indiana 
Pacers 2) Rosie Brown 3) Bud Grant 4) EddieWestrall 5) Bob Gibson 
6) Chargers, Friars, Mariners, Sails, Padres, Breakers, Lobos 7) 
l.ennox Miller 8) Bob Beamon 9) Paul Trainer 10 ) 1960 11 ) True 12 ) 
True 13 ) Aaron brothers 14 ) Jack Vallerga 15 ) Ex-Olympian now 
playing UCSD soccer ... 

In honor of the splendid reaction the 'IT Quiz received, Intramural 
Hcad Lee Johnson has decided to include a quiz in the weekly Intramural 
Poop Sheet. Johnson, by the way, finished second in the Quiz results, with 
Sue F la nagan third .. . 

Water polo coach Gary Becker has found a slight shortage of swimmers 
for the upcoming men's swim team. Coaches Ann DeitIe , Jack Vallerga, 
and Pat P inkerton have aU made similar " we need bodies" pleas, ap-
parently with· some s uccess. Becker's s wimmers are already practicing 
in the mornings for the season that starts in January. The usual in-
terest ed players can get the usual information by going to the usual place, 
the Intercollegiate Office ... 

Results have yet to come in on perhaps the most important sporting 
event of the year. Ma tched in a beer drinking contest, Senior Rick 
Rodewald was going against senior Wendy Eagle. Eagle had to drink but 
two beers to every three of Rodewald's, and bet ting was heavy on the 
male ... 

In the pros ... the Chargers are at San Diego Stadium Sunday at 1 pm, 
hosting the New England Patriots, with or without metalshouldered Jim 
Plunkett. .. the Mariners are traveling all week ... and the Sails are out of 
town too ... 



AboJ1ion. • • 
boring. Not to s~ak of the birth itself. She'll spe.nd ho~rs in labor pains, 
sometimes as mary as twenty-four, and many mmutes 10 pure torture as 
the child is beind taken from her body. Anesthetics are often too ex-
pensive. And th~n what? She still gets milk, her blood still flows for up to 
six weeks and she's left with empty arms and a flabby stomach. Then she 
has to pi~k up the pieces of her world. If s~e can. Thi~ of her men~l 
state. It's not eHsy to go this route . Some Will even deCide that they Will 
keep the child after all, but aren't able to support themselves, or the 
child. But-what are two more on welfare? 

Abortion is also not easy. It involves some of the pain, too, especially 
after the first trimester. It also involves a moral decision, a struggle with 
one's conscience. The advantage is that one can keep on with one's 
schooling, one's career. It's easier to get back into things, and keep on 
going. One is also spared much of the shame of being an unwed. mo~her. 
Much as we hate to admit it, that stigma is still there. AbortlOn IS an 
alternative, and it does offer some hope. 

GSU ... 
disappointment that McElroy has 
chosen once again to teU us that 
only increased state-funding can 
improve the TA situation at UCSD. 
We know, and our Report and 
Research Appendix prove, that it 
simply is not true that alleviation 
must cOllie from increased state-
funding. And yet, this is the very 
same argument with which the 
UCSD Administration attempted to 
mollify us at the time of our work-
stoppage last June. We are 
troubled that the Administration 
seeks to pull it on us again, despite 
all the research work we put into 
compiling our Report. Enough 
funds already exist; the 
Administration simply must begin 

You speak of prevention. Did you know that in California before this, to give priorit.y to meeti,ng the 
October it was impossible for minors to purchase birth control devices needs . of quality un~e~graduate 
without parental permission? It is a hard thing to tell Mom when you're educatlOn through, hmng more 
fourteen that you want a diaphragm, or the Pill. And even then, most graduate student T A s. 
gynecologists won't prescribe the Pill , because you "may not be fertile." Let's assume for the moment, 
How strange. One third of all births in the United States are to teenage, however, th~t. the . hands of the 
unwed mothers. "Dispelling ignorance" will help, out not much. Even l!CSD Adrmmstrabo.n .are truly 
when one knows the probably result physical and psychologica1 needs tied and that allevlatlOn would 

, have to come from the Regents or 
tend to take over. We have a long way to go. the Legislature. McElroy tells us 

You state that " in God 's eyes" there is no difference between abortion 
and murder. How can you say?' Your example, too , has lit~le bea.ring on 
the matter. Prepartum and postpartum being are two entlr.ely different 
matters. The fetus is not yet human, for the reasons mentlOn.ed a~ve, 
and for the fact that it has not experienced birth. That, I thlOk, IS the 
turning point. 

I also fail to see how a comparison of abortion with the Nazi con-
centration camps helps your point. The Nazis practiced genocide, the 
killing of a race. Abortion is between. the ':l0ther an? her .idea of a 
Supreme Being ONLY. Leave womanklOd thiS alternative. Without the 
legality of abortion, desparate women will turn elsewhere, from butcher-
abortionists to knitting kneedles. At least give us this choice and this 
chance. 

I have only touched upon the " high-points" of the issue. Maybe you 
would like to get deeper into this problem. My sources are Allen J . Moore, 
Th.D. Professor of Religion at Claremont School of Theology, who wrote 
a pap~r entitled "Abortion: Human Rights and Moral C~oice" ( Wa~h. 
D.C. , by the Board of Christian Social Concerns of the UnIted Methodist 
Church), and from the Planned Parenthood Association. Please, get the 
facts , before condemning abortion and closing that door.For your sake, 
for mine, and fo r the world's. 

not only that this is so but also that 
he and the systemwide ad-
ministration, " are aggressively 
advocating additional TA funds 
and better ratios ." We believe that 
this is a misrepresentation. 
Indeed, if it is true, why did the 
Administration employ con-
cealment and sham to block our 
attempt to address the Regents 
and the Governor? And if it is true, 
why did McElroy himself, when he 
had the opportunity Sept. 26 to 
argue UCSD's case before the 
Regents Committee on Finance, 
tell that committee in essence that 
we have no T A problems on this 
campus? Notice, however, how 
much he acknowledges existing 
problems in graduate student 
employment and undergraduate 
education when he responds to the 
GSU. McElroy is talking one line to 

DEBORA WEBER the Regents, whose discretionary 

'YOUR'RE iNViTEd TO OUR 

funds could remedy UeED's plight, 
and another line to the GSU and the 
UeED community. 

The UCSD administration, then, 
has given us nothing in the way of 
meeting GSU demands. Although, 
for example, the Chancellor says 
he supports the idea of signing 
contracts in the Spring, the process 
and decision are still left up to the 
individual departments. Such 
philosophical support of the 
"ideas" of the GSU demands 
promises no concrete results. 

Moreover, despite their offering 
to meet with us, the UCSD 
Administration continues to say 
that we must look for help 
elsewhere. Yet when we do go 
elsewhere, they collude to make it 
impossible for us to present our 
case. And when they go elsewhere, 
they misrepresent UCSD's best 
interests. In this light, how com-
forting are Dean Rotenberg's 
assurances that the 
Administration will continue 
"aggressively" to advocate bur 
cause when "the graduate deans 
... have dinner with President 

Saxon in November" I (TI, Oct. 
31) . 

The appropriate responst! to such 
assurances might be, " Bon 
Appetit! " But to ourselves and to 
the UCSD community, we say that 
there has beep no change in the 
Administration's attitude toward 
GSU demands. It has taken the 
threat of an impending strike to 
extract any comment at all out of 
the Administration. We wonder if 
anything short of a strike will ever 
convince· Chancellor McElroy that 
graduate students are bona-fide 
and essential University em-
ployees - not simply apprentices -
whose legitimate grievances 
require serious attention and 
immediate rectification. 

SINCERELY, 
THE STEERING COMMITTEE, 

GSU 

Monday, November 3, 1175 

1M ... 
VoUeybaU Play 

Previously winless Floorplay 
and Tippecanoe split two Blue 
Hawaiian League matches in the 
TT volleyball game of the week. 

Setting the tempo for the 'game, 
Peggy Mizimoto served the 
Floorplays to an early ~ lead. 
Tippecanoe captain Phil .Bowles 
brought his team from a 5-1 
deficit, to close the lead to one 
point. It wasn't until Floorplay's 
Mitch Kobara ran off three con-
secutive scores on his serve that 
the margin again widened. Calling 
for a time out down 11-7, the Tip-
pecanoes temporarily offset the 
rhythm of the game as Jay Russo 
tallied one point for the Canoes. 
Dave Fisher and Stan Tamaki's 
defense and Pete Gross' spiking 
then marched Floorplay to a 15-3 
victory. 

Tippecanoe was able to score in 
streaks initiated by their cohesive 
play while supporting servers 
Carol Martindale and Ernie Tyler. 
With the defense holding the 
Floorplays to only four points, Roi 
Mower gained the final two tallies 
of the game bringing it all to an end 
at 15-4. 

Navarro .... 
ago, and these nations provide 
much better overall service than 
the United States. 

Navarro suggested that a 
coalition of oppressed groups in 
this country could force the 
creation of a new health system 
which would be controlled by 
doctors and patients in the com-
munity, rather than by the board of 
directors of an insurance or 
pharmaceutical company, as is 
often the case today. 

Such a system has been proven 
to be effective in Europe, as well as 
in nations where good health care 
would seem improbable, such as 
China and Cuba. 

The Story of. Gallant Band of Iforsemen Who Made· 
Movie History/by Diana Serra £al"}' 

AUThOR'S AUTOGRAplt PARTY-
WEdNESdAY, Nov. ~TIt, 12:JO TO 4 p.M. 

iN ThE UNiVERSiTY BooksTORE 

• 

B)· DiANA SERRA GARY 
OUR GENERAl 800k BUYER 

(ThE fORMER child STAR 
~~BAby PEGGY" 

University Bookstore 

COME JOiN TilE FUN!! 

SltOWiNG of siLENT fiLM VERSioN of 
--(c)()tclill J IIUctl,!! 

STARRiNG ~~BAby PEGGY" 
Also 

fiLM clips of EARLy WESTERN MoviE. 

1/2 ltouR SCREENiNG iN booksTORE 

AT iNTERVAls bEGiNNiNG AT 12:JO 

ext 3844 


