
Third College Gets 
Half Million NIH Grant 

Third ollege has received a thre year grant of $500,000 to Increa 
mlnorrty partl ipatlon In health s ien es at U San Diego 

The Third College grant wa award d by the National I nstltut s of 
Health (NIH) . The IH monl will fund the Minority B,om dical 
upport Program (MBS) Biology Profes or Willie Brown i the dir ctor 

of th program and wil l coordinate the research project assoClat d 
With th MI3 . ix Biology and hemi try profes ors will parti cipate In 

• the program 
rh(' grant will enable Third College to recruit dnd train more 

mlnorrtv ~tudents in the b,omt'd,cal sc iences There are currently 70 
rhrrd Coli gl' ~tudents III the biomedical SCI nces and th grant Will 
,lIlow 18 undergraduates and 6 graduate student to reCl'lve a stlP nd 
tor therr work done In the program 

Upper Divi Ion ~ tudents With good ~(hola tic tanding and int r 5t 
In th biomedical sCiences Th program I open to ~tud nt trom all 
tour colleges 

Assistance of M inority Students 
Th M B program wa e tablrshed to further research In th 

biomedical and other health re lated Clence In the traditional black 
col leges Rec ntly the NIH grant have been extended to oth r In, 
\t itutions with ignificant minorrty nrollments and a commitment to 
the (>ncou ragements and assistan e of minorrty students and facu lty . 

Third Provost Jo eph Watson and Willie Brown said that when the 
IH site committee viSited the campus in December of 1973 th y w re 

Impr s~ed with the objective of Third Col lege, Its faculty and it 
student') Third 's Intere~t.in the h alth lence was also Ited as being 
t1 malor r a on for the grant 

Under the program , students Will work as Laboratory Re earch 
ASS I tants durrng the summer months and/ or the academiC year . 

tudents will work under one of th professors in the rrogram . For 
exampl , students working under the direction of Brown will be doing 
re earch on the modification of cell surfaces in bacteria . 

tudents wishing to apply tor th program should conta t Brown 's 
office or the Third College Provost's office. 

.. ~ ...., 
- . 

I 

Left 10 nght: Assistant Chancellor Dave Ryer, Dean Roy Pierce, 
and ASSIstant to Administrative Vzce Chancellor Dave Ernst. 

Grads Discuss Demands 
With Administrators 

by Edward Simons 
Managing Editor 

About 15 graduate students met with Dean of Graduate Studies Roy 
Pierce and other adminis trator Wednesday to discuss demands made 
by the Graduate Students Union (GSU) . . 

F waiver and employment percentages were discussed as well as I 
possible ways of achieving goals being sought by the grad students, 
who were m mbers of the GSU Negotiating Committee . 

Pierce said the state legislature has been " moving away" from 
waivers and has steadi Iy shifted the emphasis to cholarships. I n the 
1964-65 school year, the state allocated UCSD 63 waivers. All T As, 
tea hing fellow, and distinguished cholar TAs who were non-
r idents were given nonresident tuition waivers . 

In the 1965-66 year, waivers were limited to 15% of all out of state 
\tudent . And in the 1973-74 year the State legislature, in what Pierce 
t rm d a " punitiv(! m asure," limited tuition waivers to 6.5% of 
nonre ident tudents . 

Lobby for Funds 
Pierce uggested to the grad stud nts that they join With other U 

graduate stud nt organizatior)S to lobby the legislature for mOre funds . 
Assistant Chancellor Dave Ryer and Pierce both cited the ucce of 
thl' UC Student Lobby and felt a imilar organization ex lu ively for 
graduate students could do a well 

Joe Rog rs, grad student, said that Pierce's Idea was a good one but 
Impracticable. He sa id the GSU had contacted other graduate 
Otganrzat,on and had ascertained that, though there was no question 
of .mutual upport, the goals of the variOus organization were uf-
t, lently diver e to make united action out of the question . 

Pierce was asked why UC San Diego could not " end a I tter to the 
It.:'g,,lature'' In upport of graduate tudents' demands H(> replied that 
to do \uch d thing would be disastrous for the UC campuses, making 
each parate college Into a political football . " That's just what the 
legl lature wants Then they could try a 'diVide and conquer' on us, just 
like thE' talt.' colleges," Pierce said 

COfttinued on ,. S 

GSU Stages Final March to 
Protest TA Cutbacks Next Year 

by Mark Stadler 
and Craig Uchida 

B tween 500 and 700 people 
chanting "meet our demands" 
filed past UCSD administration 
offices Wednesday afternoon 
cu lminating the two day 
Graduate Student work stoppage 
protes ti ng next y ar's T A cut-
back 

The march, followed by a brief 
rally on the gymnasium teps, was 
part of an ongoing campaign to 
mu ter upport for the Graduate 
Student Union's (GSU) demands 
for year long contracts , Increased 
alary and fee waivers for all grad 
tudents 
Chancellor William McElroy 

was in Washington DC yesterday 
for a meeting of the American 
Association for Advancement of 
SCience (AAAS), of which he is 
Pre ident-elect A high ad-
ministration source has informed 
the Triton Times that " it would 
not be unlikely" that the grad 
student problem would be 
discus ed, as it has be n a 
national problem the past three 
years . The AAAS has been very 
interested in this problem for at 
least that Period of time, the 
sOurce said . 

Graduate students, shown here marching to Matthews campus, 
yesterday brought their two-day work stoppage to an end. 
ministration office on Matthews. 
There were approximately 300 
demonstrators on Revelle ; 
stragg lers welled the ranks 
during the march. 

dergraduates Observer 
estimated that at least 40% of the 
demonstrators were undergrads 

Protter Informed the crowd 
that administration offiCials at 
the negotiation seSSIon had told 
the GSU that year long contracts 
for 90-95 % of the TAs were highly 
probable. ThiS, Protter said, was 
indicative of the GSU's growing 
strength 

Show of Support 
ArriVing at the gym, demon-
strat~s listened as GSU 

The march originated on 
Revelle plaza and proceeded to 
MUir betore heading to the ad-

egotiating Committee members 
Phi I Protter reported on the 
progress of the meeting between 
GSU and administration that 
morning. (See story this page) 

But thiS IS not enough, asserted 
Protter. " A reasonable employer-
employee relationship " must be 
establ! h d by grads and the 

Protter wa Impressed by what 
he termed "an Incredible show of 
support" for the GSU by un- Continued on Page 5 

Budget Cuts Stymie Planning 
by Greg Hicks 

Senior Reporter 
An Inadequate supply of state funds., coupled 

With 0 t and enrollment Increa l'S has cau ed 
UC an Diego errous budgetar pr~blem In the 
1975-76 year u h a Situation contra ts harpl 
With the ample upply of funds and optlml IIc 
hop s of the late 60 

In an Intervi w With the Trrton Time , Revelle 
Colleg Provo t Morn Frredkln, who ha b en at 
UC D from what he term the "golden year " of 
the lat 60s to the pre ent, gave his analysis of the 
funds decline . • 

The UC system ha dropped off considerably In 
the la t few year , both in the area of fund and 
the rate of increase in nrollm nts. Between 1950 
and 1970, Friedkin tated, there was a five-fold 
enrollment increase and a corresponding funding 
Increase of nearly 700 million for high r public 
education In Ca lifornia. But now this period of 
massive growth is over, and a steady-state will be 
reached between 1985 and 1990. 

Originally, ay Friedkin, the Unlver ity of 
California wa conceIved as a research oriented 
in titution . The re earch programs at UC got more 
state and national money than California' oth r 
co llege , and . the rate of growth wa 
correspondingly great. 

The rapid growth rate allowed UC to attract top 
facul ty which, in turn, attracted more tud nts 
With more students it wa po sible to get more 
facilitie , so the developm nt had a nowball 
ffect. 

Perturbations Throughout the System 
Soon after Fri dki n came to Revelle Irl '68 it 

became obvious that the projection were off 
"With th y tem g ar d up to go full bla t, " ay 
r riedkl n, "thi hange of plannlrlg caus d p r-
turbatiom throughout th y t m ' \ 

UCSD ontlrlu d to grow, but not as ta t. The 
"mystlqu of the 60s wa till with u ," ays 
rnedkln . There were good departments Irl th 
')clence and humanltl and a high d gr of 
profe sionall m There was an mlneht faculty, a 
plea ant nvironment, and a small college 
con ept which appeal d to many peopl 

fhe first college at U D was Revell , whl h 
from the vf!ry tart had "empha Ized cr atlvlty In 
a very broad en e," according to Fnedkln Thl 
attracted a notabl II t of fa ulty to Revell At 
the ~tart money wa pourrng In and ther wa 
an.:,le fund for fa ulty research proje 

But In the 70s verythrng b gan to level off. 

tlil, UCSD continued to grow betw n 1970-75, 
wherea older campuses like UCLA and Berke!"y 
reached a steady-state ~ome year ago 

Thl\ creates, say rnedklrl , an Irlequallt'r In tilt-' 
w~tem With the tight budget of Reagan and now 
Brown, UC ha not be n able to grow a It did 
betore But thl cutback IS more likely to hurt a 
growing campus I,"e U D than campu e like 
Ber"eley and UCLA which have levelled off In 
enrollment 

Th declme In state fundo; has had different 
effects on the different college at UC D. Ob-
VluU Iy the new colleges-Third and lourth-have 
b n hit th harde t. But symptoms of the decline 
have be n felt throughout the entire campus. 

Th student/ faculty ratio has not presented as 
ritical a problem a th current tudent/T A ratio 

ha but it IS still a major area of concern The ratio 
I pre ently 19/ 1, wherea the goal i et at 16/ 1. 
But due to the shortage of fund there will be "no 
Improvement of the ratio" n t year, according to 
Paul altman, ice Chancellor, Academic AffairS. 
till , ay altman, "a far as I know the faculty 

awarded thi year wlil not be cut." 
Far From Ideal 

The ituation IS, m altman's View, far from 
Ideal altman points to th fact that oth r schools 
like Harvard (7/ 1), Prin eton (5/ 1), Cal-Tech (5/1), 
and tanford (1111) all have out tanding faculty-
tud nt ratio . But, ay altman, "we're In that 

leagu and we hould b treated In that wa " 
One tatistic which altman empha 'Zed i that 

,>upport ppr tudent on the UC D campu IS now 
45 °'0 of what It wa In 1 67, the year altman 
ame to the campu Til la k of Improvem nt In 

th Situation I espeCially dl appointing, ay 
al tman, b cau e " \>\>e p ted more un-

der tanding and I ho tllit from Governor 
Brown II 

Th cut In capital outla for bUilding IS 
" ,ev rely Impa tlng th .. education program," 
a ordlng to Werner Le,d nmann, an A istant 

hancellor 111 th Planning off! For one thing, 
h' ays, you n d t ha pa a aHab1e to 
attra t a hi h quality ta ulty 

Without mor office and cia room pa e, ther 
Will not b nough pac to accommoOatp new 

nrollm nt , Lend nmann aid The probl m I 
e p ,allyacut In the Irght of rapid e pan~lon In 
th \0 lal i n e area (a well a fine art and 
humanltle ) 

The view of Gov rnor Brown and th(> 
Continued on'. e 5 



Page 2 

4 ", 'A . t 
. . , 

I 

Triton Times June 6.1975 
Letters to the Editor 

" 
, II 

I f. 
Suggestions for Science 4 Improvement 

I 

~; 
rtw re(('nt flurry of letter to 

the Triton TlIll(" on the conduct 
of ~CI('nu' 46 ~urely reveals 
problem~ and frustration~ which 
transcend the problem~ of Dr . 
Bru dner' voluntary teaching of 
the COurse 

Hopefully, this Incident may 
serve the good purposes of 
focusing attention on the 
generally deplorable state of 
much (not all) of lower division 

Undergrads Best TAs in 'Keller Plan' 
June 4, 1975 

The letter in the June 4 issue of 
the Triton Times under the 
headline " Physics Department Ad 
Serves to Bribe Undergraduates to 
Teach" represented a serious 
mlsunderstandi ng of the self-
paced course and a misun-
derstanding of the intentlom of 
the department. 

Since 1971 , the phYSICS 
department has been teaching 
about half of the students in the 
Natural Science '2 sequence 
through the ;'Keller Plan ," 
otherwise referred to as " self-
paced" or "personalized system 
of instruction ." In that plan a 
maximum of ten students is 
assigned to each tutor. When 
students feel that they have 
learned the material for a speCific 
study unit they take a qUIz and 
then discuss it With their tutor . 
The tutor decides whether they 
have mastered the mater ial 
adequately to go on to the next 
unl t or whether they must take 
another qUIz on the same un it. 

The course has been very 
successful in terms of the higher 
grades earned by its students in 
later science courses as compared 
to grades earned by the students 
who took the conventional 
lecture course. Enrollment in it 
has been limited by the 
availability of tutors. Tutors have 
been recruited from all levels 
within the department from 
sophomores to senior faculty . 
One of the important discoveries 
made by the originator of the 
plan was that undergraduates are 

the best tutors because they are 
closest to the process of learning 
the matertal. Our experience has 
been consi tent with this . The 
role of the faculty . upervi or 
then , IS primar i ly intensive 
ducatlon of th tutor and 

supervision of their work . 
I n order to be a ble to teac h the 

new Physics 2 sequence in 'this 
format a substantial increase in 
the number of tutors will be 
necessary. It simply is not true 
that there is adequate graduate 
student manpower avai lable to 
teach these courses. Even if each 
graduate student tutored two 
sections (about 12 hrs/ week) we 
would have to d vote 16 graduate 
students to the two courses 
(curre'ntlv combi ned registration 

about 320) . The physics depart-
m nt currently is allocated a total 
488 rTE TAs to cover all of its 

course~ 
The Keller plan IS a highly 

successful innovation in teaching 
and is being used on a wide range 
of courses in a major portion of 
the universities and colleges in 
this country . The expansion of its 
use will depend on the number of 
undergraduates who can be 
per uaded to accept tutoring as a 
part of their education . Payment, 
if we can obtain funds for the 
purpose, is one way to make the 
option more attractive. I t is no 
more a "bribe" than is any 
normal salary 

JOHN M . GOOOKINO 
PROFESSOR OF PHYSICS 

Undergrad T As More Familiar 
With Self-paced Course Material 

I would like to respond to Mike Elcan and Richard Mu hotsky's letter 
In th June 4 Triton Times regarding the quality of undergrad T As in the 
se lf-paced phYSICS COurses. 

The self-paced courses utilize a type of Instruction in which student 
res ponses are emphaSized and presentations by teachers are not. I fe I 
that undergrad T As are better suited to this type of program for two 
reasons. The first is that they are more familiar With specific COurse 
material , since they have generally dealt with it more recently. 

The second reason depends on the assumption that better in-
struction of a student would result in a higher grade on the final exam . 
In self paced physics this year, sE:ctlons were led by graduates, un-
dergraduates, and full professors, and it was found that students in 
sections led by undergraduates scored significantly higher on their 
respective finals than students in sections led by graduate students or 
professors. This can be verified by records in the physics department. 

F or these reason s, I feel that the choice to use undergrads for T As 
was a justified one , and does not constitute a "bribe ." BILL RITTER 

The Bureaucracy is Alive and Well 
Edl tor 

One more year of UCSO has gone by and the 
bu reauc racy IS al ive and well AND going strong .. 

I t all began las t su mmer with the Coop betng 
deve loped by a handful of students . It was being 
presented as the on Iy alternative to the ad-
mi nistra tive bureaucracy in handling student af-
fairs Next came an opposing student voice to the 
bureaucracy of the Coop and the adm inistration, 
which wa~ knocked down by their manipulation of 
the el ction The propOSition was reworded from 
that of the ong lnal by an "appoin ted" commi ttee 
and the help of a Vice-chancellor The outcome 
was as the Vice-c hance llor sa id," o th lng " 

Then came the CALPIRG pl ea for another-
manda tory fee, of course for the good of the 
tudents (wha t else). A response given to the point 

that CALPI RG was playing on th apathy of 

s tudent~ was, "We were already giVing them money 
to do what they wanted anyway so why not give 
th m morel " This is student advocacy? 

Las tly, the administrative powers are now at-
tempting to return us to the days of one teacher for 
every thousand s tuden ts I f there i further 

~atura tion of an already saturated market, then I 
can see no t expanding but I don't see cutting back 
on the excu e of insuffi cient funds. I think it JU t 
meam that a re-alloca tion of fund is needed and 
not bureaucratIC excuses . 

We ll , fo lk , it's nice to know that the red tape will 
till be here when you gp t back unl ss we change it, 
~ta r tlng NOWI The buretlucracy IS aliv and well , 
,0 b ware Self liberty IS the b t means for 
a hleving un-bureaucracy. As a memb r of the 
UCSD Libertartans, I bid adieu, 

. SCOTT W. NORTHRUP 

phYSICS InstructIOn at UCSO, and 
finally rrompting affective 
[orrectlon 

What are the problems and 
\0IutlOn\7 

1) hancellor McElroy, ..,sup-
ported by the Academic ~enate , 
the University wide ad-
ministration . and the Board of 
R g nts, must have the courage 
to act as stated by Prof. Booker 
(TT, May 23,) to insure that all 
funds allocat d for teaching are 
actually u d effectively for 
educa tional purposes. 

2) All lower diVISion physics 
course must be taught on a 
UC 0 wide basis . I acuity , 
laboratory and demonstration 
resources are simply too ex-
p nsive to duplicate (or even 
triplicate!). as offering the 
n ces ary variety of courses on a 
coli ge basis would require . The 
final comment of Dr. Brueckner's 
letter (TT, May 16) refers to this . 
(The inability of even the rich, 
well established college ' at 
Cambridge University to cope 
individually with science 
education , laboratories, and 
research is described in the 
appendix of The Masters by C. P. 
Snow. How was this historical 
fact missed in designing UCSD 
with an intended heavy emphasis 
on i nce?) 

J ) A non -college , non -
departmental program, office, or 
committee must be set up, 
headed by one appropriately 
talented, motivated, and con-
scientious professor to oversee all 
aspects of lower division phYSICS 
instruction . 

4) The objectives and intended 
clientele for each course must be 
clearly specified. Prerequisites 
should be carefully thought out, 
coordinated , specified and 
respected by both students and 
faculty For example, instead of 
Science 4, a course should be 
developed for life science majors : 
a course with the proper depth, 
an extended breadth of topics -
certainly including adequate (but 
presently neglected) modern 
physic s - and appropriate 
laboratories and demonstration 
designed to best serve life cience 
majors. 

5) Prop r faculty must be 
identified, developed, or even 
brought in to teach these cours s. 
Not ju t passably, but With real 
di stinction and panache I There 
must be c ont i nu ity in thl 
teachi ng - not a new teacher and 
method ('ach quarter. 

6) Adequate numbers of 
properly quallll('d, motivated, 
and instructed TAs must be 
provided tor both ectlons and 
laboratones. 

7) All lower division physics 
laboratory and demonstratIOn 
equipment and necessary 
technitians must be controlled by 
the program director Similarly, 
his coordination of the purcha e 
of new apparatus will most ef-
fectively use Umlted resources 
and aVOid such observed wastes 
as expensive, ill-chosen equip-
ment e sentially unused in 
torage for years (some still 

sealed in original pia tic!), hasty 
" year-end" purchases and the 
mi u e of teachi ng fund to buy 
re earch equipment. 

8) With the present factlou 
.,tat at UCSD, it might even be 
advisable to bring a distinguished 
physics educator to UCSD for the 
fir t year Or longer to set up this 
program . Prof . Arnold A. 
Strassenberg, at SUNY, Stony 
Brook , the Executive Officer of 
th American Association of 
Physics Teachers (AAPT) might 
be consulted for suggestIOns . 
Perhaps one of their annual 
OERSTED Medalists should even 
be sought . Initial selection of a 
UCSO or potential UCSD faculty 
m mber to initiate and continue 
the program (working together 
with a distinguished con ultant 
here on sabbatical7) will be 
necessary to Insure Its succe s. 

(It is curious to not in an 
AAPT directory that only two 
UCSO faculty were listed, while 
B rkeley had 17, inc luding Nobel 
Laureates Alvarez, Segre, and 
Townes, Harvard had at least five, 
including Nobel Laureate and 
Oersted Medalist Purcell, MIT 
had 19 including Oersted 
Medalists Zacharias and 
Morrison, etc., etc. ) 

If the above eight points are 
seriously considered and acted 
upon with good will by facu lty 
and administration , the available 
intellectual and material 
resources will be utilized most 
effectively . In this way it will be 
possible to provide lower division 

physi c~ instruction which will not 
be a frustrating barrier for 

~ tudents to urmount and a 
\Ource of embarrassment to 
fa ulty and administration, but 
rather xcellent COurses 
stimulating and enloyable to 
teach , TA, or study! 

ALBIN A RHOMBERG 

The Triton Times i. officiallv recognized as 8 student newsplper bV the 
Communication. Board 0' UCSO. Publication i. on Mond,v., Wednesdavs, Ind, 
Fridays during thl regular school veaf I""capt on offlclll holidav_l . Editorial Ind 
busine.s office. are located in "7 Bleke Hall on the Revelle College clmpus. 

Letters to the Editor and opinion columnl I re w elcomed. All submlaalons 
should be typed on a ar;·space line on non,corro,ible peper. They sho uld not 
exceed three peg .. in length . The Tri ton Tim .. r"e,..,e, the right to ed it l ub-
missions because of spece li m ltatlonl or I tvle requ irements. 

For ed itorlll, c.II 4&2-344MI; for bUlin"l e nd edvertl .. ements. cIII 4&2.34II. 

John .R. Taylor 

Hunt Corrects Statement 
t 

Abollt Assistant Director 
Editor M ay I express my apprec iation to the Triton Ti ;r.es and its 
~ ta ff for th? rtic le In Monday's paper recognizi ng my appointment ~s 
depar tmer t ~halrman of phys ical education and Judy weet as athl etiC 
di rector 

I would I to make a corre tlon concerning the appointment of the 
aSSIStant athletic d irec tor, wher th(' artic le statPd , " W(" II woba bly 
pick a male. as It would probably be more POlltl(dlly advantageou~ " 
ThiS ~tatement was In ('rrOr In that all Illemb rs of thl;' O('partmpnt of 

PhY~ I(al [ducatlon Interested In thl~ as\lgnm nt Will b<' (omldered and 
th bE'stcand,dat' ~elec ted 

HOW ARD I HUNI 

Editor' NOle: We l eel HjJnt ' Letter to the Ed,lIor requIrer 
clanficatlOn. The s tatement concerning the new asslstanl ath/eltc 
dIrector indeed was made 10 our reporter. That IS, Ihe error wa.\ 
Hunt ' I not ours, . JI . 

Editor·in·chief 

Edward Simons 
Menaglng editor 

Charles Heimler 
New •• d itor 

Sara J. Lowen 
Editori,1 director 

Mark Stadler 
Community editor 

Paul Wagner 
Sport. editOr 

KathyCoxe 
Secretary 

Photo editor 

Staff W . .r:iJers 
EII •• t..th Chim.nt 

O.v.Ei .... 
Aut. Spta, Ed, 

SteYeEimecli ... 
M.,rg',r8t Hewey 

CIIHHlrech 
N.ney Hod.on 
Ct..rI .. Hyd. 
Cr.ig J.ck.on 
Gerry Ka ntor 

CI. r.nce Kin, 
S.bNieIH" 
J im Nuckols 
e rry Reclich 
Scon S.dil 

Oeniel Shew ler 
JimShipmln 

M.tt Svmmon. 
Crelg Uchidl 

p.nl Wolf 
Rich.rd Yep 

SenIOr Reporter 

Prothclion 
K.thv c"". 
Anne Uebler 

K.ren M.lamud 
Robert Mce.n 

tA.t. M.ng. Ed.1 
Sonj.N .. h 

O.nl.1 Shewler 
BIIIWUlon 
Business 
Glenn lerry 

Estl lle H ... og 
Oenien Moor. 

Orecle Yelvington 
tAllt . Bus. M.ng.! 

Copy 
An:. ~ :':abler 

Michel, Mietus 
Sh.un. Stok .. 

Photography 
Ct..rlnE" 

Oanl .. Peek Or .. Hickl 
Secretanal Assisto .. ' 

c.mellec.o.. 

June 6. 1975 Triton Times' 

Stop Brueckner Prosecution in Press 
by Br.d Humphrey r>ercE'ntage of students admit cheating The 

questionnaire also allowed students to point out 
that they consider the testing and grading system to 
be so dishonest and unfair that cheating is either 
justified or necessary. 

Our questionnaire was U, ed by the entire 
committee. We agreed on a sampling system that 
would give us valid and reliable results . A day or so 
later, however, a group of administrators on the 
committee advised the chairman against using the 
scientific sampling procedure. They substituted a 
plan to mail out questionnaires for voluntary 
responses. 

Page 3 

There i an in tegrity problem in the United 
States. Seldom anymore is anyone heard expressing 
faith In our government. To many persons, the 
police have become the enemy . Plea bargaining, 
light sentences and easy paroles (except . f.or 
members of ethn ic mi norities) have left the JudiCial 
system with little respect. Our schools also have .an 
Integrity problem. Few students ever express faith 
in the universities' testi ng and grading procedures. 
From elementary school right up into law and med 
school, cheating has become firmly entrenched. 
Law students in some universities are now 
fingerprinted to ensure that they are taking their 
own exams. At least a dozen national surveys have 
,hown that 50% of all co llege students cheat. And 
that upwards of 90% would if the risk of being 
caught were eliminated . 

Based on the possibility that our "educational" 
institutions may well be the only possible place 
where the problem can be attacked and corrected , 
my brother Bob and I decided to try to fight the 

I recalled from my freshman sociology that 
voluntary sampling techniques are worthless . I took 
the new procedure back to the two profeSSional 
rt earch scientists who had helped us design the 
survey . When I explained the new sampling method 
they looked at each other and laughed. The older 
man tried casually to inform me that if I went along 
with the survey I would be involved in a misleading 
study if not an institutional coverup. He advised me 
to get out before I found myself in a position not 
unlike the one where John Dean, Porter, Magruder 
and the others had found themselves irrevocably 
committed to institutionalized dishonesty by 
hel pi ng cOver it up. 

GSU Has Exhausted 
All Usual Channels 

Integrity problem at UCSO. 
We started with a personal case. Bob had been 

cheated by a professor far worse than anyone was 
cheated in the alleged Brueckner case. We gathered 
the facts and went to the head of the department; 
he was adequately impressed to advise Bob to take 

Bob and I will have nothing more to do with the 
survey as it is being run . We will attempt to remain 
on the committee however to try to strike a blow 
for justice and bring more integrity to our system . 
This brings me to my point: the prosecution of 
Professor Brueckner in the press should be stopped . 
Since he is only a flamboyant example of " the 
system" it is not only unjust to single him out, it is 
also foolish . I t provides the "day at the circus" that 
will take our eyes off the bigger problem : 
professional accountabi lity in UCSO. Brueckner 
and other professors can and will repeat their in-
justices because the university has no meaningful 
a.cademic grievance system to protect the student 
or the university's Integrity . So the proper course is 
not to bring Brueckn r to justice via our ad-hoc 
system. Rather , the need is to establish a permanent 
system for holding him and all professors to ac-
ceptable standards and to accountability for 
violation of those standards . The administrative 
officers and professors admit their fear of this . They 
are afraid " to open the flood gates." I must inquire, 
to what? .. Justice' 

the case on to the provost. 
An ad-hoc committee was established to con-

sider the case . You know the resu It. The professors 
refused to decide agai nst a colleague. They escaped 
that result by refljsi ng to abide by the ground rules 
that they had agreed upon. We tried to get the case 
into court, but unless a suspension is involved, a 
tudent has very little chance of getting a case 

agai nst a school into our public courts. 
Bob kept pursuing the case and eventually was 

Invited on to the newly formed Academic 
Dishonesty ommittee. Subsequently, I was 
dllowed to jOin also The committee consisted of 
tudents. faculty and administrators . I was im-

mediately disappOinted to find out that there was 
still some question among committee members 
abou t whether or not cheating is a problem in the 
university. With professional assistance Bob and I 
des igned a questionnaire for the committee. . 

The prete t indicated what we suspected : a high 

GSU Will Continue Through. ~ummer . 
by The Graduate priorities in the University so that organization . The AcademiC 
Student Union · graduate students are able to earn Senate and the Litera ture 

A t the meeti ng of the Graduate 
Student Union Wednesday af-
ternoon, the membership decided 
a letter to the UCSO comm un ity 
should be written to clar ify the 
long range position of the GSU. 
The events of the past six weeks 
herald the beginning of a major 
re IS tence to the deterioration of 
the quality of education on this 
campus, as well as the beginning 
of a fi ght to achieve adequate 
compensation for work per-
formed, and work needed to be 
performed But it IS only a 
beginning, and no on realizes 
this more readi Iy than the GSU 
itself 

The G U plans to· continue its 
negotiations, its recruitment and 
to sol idify its organ izat ion 
throughout the summer. We wi ll 
enlist the new graduate students 
and emerge in the fa ll as a mature 
union , ready to take whatever 
action is necessary to reorder 

.a decent wage in adequate Department faculty ~ave en-
working conditions, and as a dorsed our demands. ThiS type of 
consequence improve the exhi larating support has helped to 
ed ucationa l qua lity on this well our ra ll ies to 1200 people, 
campus. It should be emphasized and to strengthen our demands . 
that this is a union for all The GSU appreciates thiS support, 
graduate students and not merely and recognizes the un -
a TA union . The struggle to dergraduates and faculty as 
achieve adequate working natural allies in the struggle to 
conditions as well tiS adequate achieve quality education . 
pay extend to those graduate The undergraduates, the ad-
students whose support depends ministration and the faculty have 
on precariou federal money. supported our demands In 

W e have succeeded during uur 
brief history tn organizing a union 
whose memberhip rose from 70 to 
500. nearly half the graduate 
students , in ju t four weeks. We 
have received support from the 
CSEA and AFSCME (staff em-
ployee organizations), the 
Veterans' Coalition, and the 
Berke ley and Wisconsin TA 
unions. We have received en-
thusia tic, vital support from both 
undergradu ates as individua ls 
and almost every undergraduate 

varying ways. The undergraduates 
la k organization and power; the 
administration lacks the will ; and 
th faculty is impotent . The 
graduate students, however, have 
the pow r, the will, and through 
the GSU they now are potent. We 
are making contacts with other 
campuses , other universities, 
other unions, and the governor. 
We will conti nue negotiations 
with the University throughout 
the ummer, and if a settlement is 
("lot reac hed then in t he fall we 
will wi n our d mands. 

by Communications 
Student Union 

If one were to get all hiS news 
from only one official source, 
such as the Triton Times, he/ she 

We will not 
let this issue die 

might presume the GSU to be the 
vanguard of the second wave of 
the Volunteers of America. 

Such an impression would be 
false, as any radical member of 
that organization will tell you, 
but such are the problems of 
having on ly one major news 
dissem inator We have no 
complaints about the verac ity of 
the facts as they were presented 
in the Triton Times article of June 
4 entitled " Popkin Opposed as 
Communications Head," but we 
do object to the implications 
inherent in the context of the 
article In pursuing our goals this 
year we have followed and 
exhausted all of the normal 
channels of procedure for action . 
This fact was omitted from that 
article as well as these other 
crucial ones. 

First of all , the demands 
presented to the Chancellor and 
other administrators were not 
only endorsed by the Com-
munications Course Group (in a 
separate document), but also by 
numerous student organizations: 
BSU, GSU, MEChA,SATCH,Prensa 
Popular, orth Star, Womens 
Center, Asian American Student 
Alliance, ueve A z tlan , 
Musicians Guild, Gay Students 
ASSOCiation , URS Student Union, 
Sometimes Collec tive and the 
Student Cooperativl'. 

The Third College Council also 
unanimously endorsed th e 
Communications Course Group 
position . W i th thiS broad base of 
upport the CSU presented their 

demands to the administration In 
order that the ineqUitable and not 
o subtle effort to either change 

or make extinct the Com-
munications Program might cease 

f a B is Sponsoring a 

CAR RALLY 
CAR RALLY 

CAR RALLY 
CAR RALLY 

and that i t be granted the 
academ ic recogn i tion and 
departmental status i t deserves. 

There was also an amendment 
presented with the demands 
sponsored by the BSU to require 
the hiring of at least one black 
faculty member in the area of 
video or fi 1m, and that the hiring 
of more black faculty in general 
be initiated. The CSU fully 
supports this amendment and 
urges other endorsers to ratify i t 
qu ickly . 

W i th these clarif icat ions made, 
we feel dutifu lly compelled to 
c hallenge Poli lical SCience 
Chairman Lakoffs charge that we 
are "worried about our future" 
becaus e " someon e w ith 
imagination" IS going to come in 
and " improve things ." When that 
imagination Includes the 
watering down and sell ing out of 
the media component of the 
program, and when the im-
provements are going to come 
from a man who plans to only 
devote ten hours a week of hiS 
time to a program about which he 
only has superficial knowledge, 
yes , we are worried . The 
imagination and improvements 
Popkin exhibits and wishes to 
implement are curiously very 
similar to those the ad-
ministration would like to see 
enacted In order to undermine 
the Program as It IS presently 
constituted. 

We have pre ented reasonable 
demands to th administra tion 
and a prog ram to work with them 
through the umm r. Should 
the e negotiatIOns break down 
more action will be taken In th e 
fu ture because we wi ll not let th is 
i ue die. We wi ll not let ad-
ministrat i ve roadblocks , com-
rr.ittees, or administrators at this 
campus de troy the type of 
radical education which was 
fought so hard for in the late 
1960s. 

Friday June 6, 7:00 p.m., Starting at Urey Hall parking lot Prizes, 
Entry fee: $2.50 per car (2 or more per car) ' (booby prizes, too!) 

Trophies to 1st, 2nd & 3rd place cars . 
Call 452·9848 for further information Deadline for entnes 5:00 today 



Page 4 

Channing 

As the qu rter begins to end, it . 
has become necessary to 
remember my friend Channing-
late of Andover, later of UC Santa 
Cruz and latest of Oberlin --and 
the day he was at war with the 
clearly ugly mercury lamp 
someone had hung on the side of 
our dormitory dlH'ing spring 
vacation, while we weren 't 
watching. 

by JolI" H. T",tor 

Andover's grounds are built around quads-not the hazy kind of 
warped polygon that is more or less defined by Tioga, Tenaya and the 
Muir apartments, but, even rectangles . bordered by big reddish 
bui Idings that sit among the trees like great ivied ovens. The green, the 
red and, often enough, the blue blend together nicely in the day, and 
at night the lit-up dorms ringing the quad give a dramatic feel to the 
place . 

But someone dec ided that at midnight it had to be bright enough to 
play baseball In there, 0 they hung up great silver mercury lamps on 
our dorm and the one opposite, lamps that buzzed us to sleep every 
night until Channing destroyed them. 

Granted, th re may have been rea on enough to light up the quads, 
though I can't think of any good ones There were alway townies from 
Andover who lacked the brain, connections, ancestry Qr hockey ability 
to gain admiSSion to the chool , and who therefore decided that each 

Triton Times 

TeAcher Ed. Program 
Faces Dismissal of Munoz 

Unless additional financial support is found , volunteer student 
tutors involved in the teacher education program at UC San Diego will 
e).perience the dismissal of Dr. Daniel Munoz. 

According to administrative sources the future position of professor 
Munoz with the Teacher Education Program (TEP) is currently un-
certain. Munoz has been with the program since its inception and has 
played a major role il) its initial and concurrent development. 

Four years ago, under the auspices of the psychology departm nt, 
Munoz conceived of a program that - combined theoretical 
psychological techniques with practical field experience. He designed 
a program in which volunteer students would be placed in a situation 
in which they could "study" interpersonal behavior by tutoring other 
students. 

. With the assi tance of Bud Mehan, now the director of TEP , MunOl 
was able to get the program on its feet. Since then he has been working 
to enlist stude nt and faculty support , to gain academic legitimacy for 
the course, and finally , to acquire needed funds in order to increa e 
and enlarge the program . 

When asked why he might not be In the Teacher Education Program 
next year, Munoz replied that It was a question of money. Presently, 
there has been no substantial allocation to cover his alary for the 75-
76 academic year According to Munoz, th biggest obstacle is 
Vice Chancellor Paul Saltman 

June 6, 1975 
I 

Watermelon 
Queen Chosen 

The UC San Diego Watermelon 
Queen has been chosen and will 
do her appOinted duty today at 1 
pm from on top of Urey Hall. 

Wednesday night, facing stiff 
competition , Kathleen Doyle, 
Revelle freshmen, was chosen as 
the queen in the Revelle 
cafeteria . Doyle was opposed by 
seven other students, three of 
them male. 

aturday night a number of prepies shou ld learn to deal with pain, but 
they rarely came as far onto campus as our quad. There had never been 
any rapes, and the children of faculty members were known to be more 
dangerous than any thug who might try to harm them . 

In other words , Channing, who would not be one to deny public 
safety but who would deny the grounds department the right to upset 
the Lord's plan by bringing an excess of light where it had been 
determined that it ought to be dark ten hours a day, gathered his 
wrenches and pliers and set about to remove a half-foot cylinder from 
the lamp on our building that apparently was the mystical sources of 
the thing's ability to make light and hum . He then snuck away to his 
room , as we did , his supporters. 

The Queen will throw a 
watermelon from the top floor 
balcony of Urey Hall. The impact 
of the watermelon hitting the 
pavement and the expec ted large 
crowd, should thrus t the rem-
nants of the Juicy frUit for a great 
di~tance The radius of the 

~hattered frUit from the pOint of 
Impact to the farthest pOint will 
be measured and compared in a 
traditional manner to th records 
dC hi eved in prevIous years The Randy Souvlney , also Involved With TEP , commented that th I s~ u e 

thi s year IS not one of academic legitimacy- trying to Justify receiVing r 
upper diviSion credit for the course--but one of dollar and ce nts . " Its 

ord In 167 feet, four Inche . 

up to Sa ltman to decide," he said When a,kecl what he thought of the 
possible dismissal of Munoz, Souviney replied that he was not in favor 
of the idea of dismissing anybody from the TEP program 

Student activism, by the way, oft n took such forms at Andover . 
Once It was arranged that every student with a window opening on the 
quad would aim the speakers of the stereos h is parents had bought him 
and turn on the same radio station - one that was, then, judged to be 
'underground' -- at three in the morning. It is not known whether any of 
the housemasters or other administrative lackeys ever heard 25 stereos 
bleating Purple Haze. No one ever said anything. 

Aft r several meetings with vice-chancellor Paul Saltman, Mehan 
revealed that the situation did not look optimistic. So far, th re ha 
b en no funds allocated to cover Munoz's alary for the next year 
Mehan concluded that there was a good po sibility that Munoz would 
not be Involv din TEP next year 

Other pranks- I will not include things like anti-war rallies , which 
exis ted, but rather half-hearted ly-include panty raids (oh God , this i 
embarasSlng) to the nearby Abbot Academy for Young Ladies, 
repository for grace and female vigor for more than a century, and 
retaliatory raids by the Young Ladies that were more bloodthirsty and 
successful than ours were. 

Andover students, you see, thou!; 1 allegedly wi th much brain, were 
wimps 

The next day, the grounds people hat! replaced th cylinder, and 
Continued from Page 5 

Last Ish 
The Triton Times ends its 1974-75 publication year 

with today's issue. Ned week, the staff will play 
student for a while. 

We will resume publication on Monday, Sept. 22. 
Correspondence may be directed to the Triton 

Times throughout the summer. 
Don't have a pleasent vacation. Get a job. 

Sun~ay EPISCOPAL 
Services In Area 

If you ",ant to ucso EPISCOPALIANS 12:30.t Unlv. lut"' .. n Ch . 
.. La Joli. Shor •• Dr. 

S LL 
your used books for 

ASH 
Bring thelD to the 
I~niversity Booktore 
June II, 12 and 13 I from 8:00 am 

to 4:15 pOI 
Books nof n88d8d by fh8 UnN81'fHy 

BooktfOf8 ttill '" bought lor tthol8Ull 
U18t1 hook pries ,n' Ihipp8' fo fh8 

dll/" in iOI Ang8/11 • . 

Fr. Jos.ph You,.. ph. 462-011. 
GOOD SAMARITAN (m .. t •• t 

Sch.1 
2tI4O S.dafblom, U nlv.ralty City 
8 .nd 10 • . m. IS.S.· •• II.II .. ' 
ST. JAMES IV·THE·SEA 
743 Prospect 8t. La Jolla 
7:30. 111.8 .·· .11.11 .. ' & 1t. 
ST. PETtA'S 
1 P.rleh Lane. Oat M.r 
',"S.S.··.U. ,.11 

'I' 

I n honor of the 10th t-n-
niversary of Revelle College, cake 
for 2000 persons will be erved as 
well as the traditional 1500 
pou nds of watermelon . 

The Watermelon drop is one of 
th few tradi tions at UCSD and 
began 10 years ago as a question 
on a physics ~xam . 

Another Revelle tradition is the 
Organic foot race. The race, as 
usual, will be held on the night of 
the organiC chemistry final 
Starti ng from Atlantis Hall at 
Revell e, the race IS a contest 
between nud athelete whose 
endurance and modesty will be 
on trial. 

A 
T 

T 
It 
E 

B 
A The Lemon TreeCorner 
R 1049 Camino Del Mar 

E NAVEl 

WOk OF WEEk 

Sweet & Sour 
Fish 

Peking Style 

BEST 
M'\NDARIN 

lUlSINE 
0/""., HoUri: 

Mon·$~S.'(J 
Fri·"t"" 
. CIoNd . 

WId .... .,." 

Cocktilils 
Bftr Ind Wine Served 

10"" Discount wilh 
UUOSt ...... ,D 

AMPll PARkiNG • 
451J·9I42 
l. lolla Blvd. 

June 6, 1975_ Triton Times 

Campus Growth ... )tlii. there ar£' no plans to turb rhird's' growth to the prolected level of 2,000 students. " A good part 
of tudent activities will have to b planned on 
other parts of the campus," say~ Watson . Third Contin\led from Pile 1 

ollege should reach the 1700 level in about two 
year Third's Academi C Unit II could ac-
commodate all of the new students but, states 
Wat on, "ware already one year behind even if it 
were to be appr.oved immediately ." 

l egislature is that 51 nce all of the UC campuses are 
not filled to capacity, new buildings should not be 
budt on campuses like UCSD. But, says Len-
d(·nmann . " this i a fallacy . You ca n fill up all the 
_pace and there will sti ll be new growth " Fourth College has also been hit hard by the 

Governor's budget. With plans for Fourth to in-
crease to about 2,000 students there will certainly 
be space problems if funds are not forthcoming . 
The Governor's budget eliminated planning 
money for bui Idi ngs to house the departments of 
political clence and drama, new undergraduate 
art studios , a computer science section of APIS 
the Fourth College 'Provost's Office and othe; 
classrooms and offices. Wi thout this space a 
greater burden will be put on the fac ilities of the 
other colleges. 

Split College 
A rapidly_grOWing institution like Third College 

nalurally IS hard hit by the finan€ial pinch . 
Without funds to build Third 's Academic Unit II 
there will be a " split college," divided between the 
n w Academic Unit I and the old facilities on 
Matthews campus, according to Third Colleg 
Provost Joseph Watson . Such a si tuation, he says, 
IS " very detrimental to the unity and cohesion of 
thn college. We will have to work hard to mainta'in 
d semblance of wholeness in the college ." 

Softball ... 
Continued from' Page 7 

I n sweeping their way to the 
championship, the Rambler had 
little trouble . Nightsod was the 
fir~t to go down, 18·7, followed by 
floatfolk, 18-5, Ax, 12-7, and 
Hipp, 6-5 In the semi -final The 
win over H ipp was prote ted, 'bll t 
fur th r act Ion on the protest gave 
the win to the Rambler 

A large crowd IS expected for 
today ' coed final , between 
defending c hampion Frogs and 
Renob Among other attraction , 
th game might be a battle 
between the best shortstops in 
UCSD intramural softball- Brad 
Tebo of Frogs and Steve Shaw of 
the Renobs. The game will be 
played on the same si te that the 
Rambler title effort was played 
on Muir at 5 00 

GSU March ••• 
Continued from Page 1 

admlnl tration . The ad-
mini tr ati on " doe n ' t tr ea t 
professors like scum," Protter 
sa id 

Protler told th crowd it must 
keep working on the problem 
through the summer and nex t fall , 
Indicating that the GSU would 
not ha ve its demands met by next 
week . 

At Large ••• 
Continued from Page 4 

hanning--who also played chess and the c larinet- again gathered hiS 
wrenchs and pliers, only to remove the new cylind r and pour 
d t rgent, of which there was pi nty because we never washed our 
c lothes , into the light, causi ng the poor thing to putter and die . W 
rept away again 

The next night, there was no light on the quad The ground 
department had yet to r('place the light the insides of which Channing 
had ca u eel to melt together, and the people in the dorms opposite had 
rallied behind Channing and had warm d over their own nght like 
bee and left it InOp ratlv 

How ver, our triumph was short, for within the week there was a' 
new li ght, and the window through which Channing had operated was 
nail d shut 

It wou ld have been a hopeless quagmire for a c larinetist less facile 
than Channing. 

hanning, you see, removed the whole window, performed un-
speakable acts on this new lamp and put the window back again . We 
w re then beginning to get worned, because we realized that Channing 
had destroyed hundreds of dollars worth of mercury lamp. But no one 
ev r caught him, or any of the rest of us, and they never replaced the 
second lamp, at least as long as we ruled Bancroft Hall . 

I tell thl tory beca use there are people now on campus from 
Andover who are h re with the Dartmouth exchange program . I do not 
know if that connection is a noteworthy excuse or not 

Oh, yes . Channing revealed hiS secret in his inclusion in the year-
book of the class of 1973. 

He wrot . "To th e office of the phySical plant . the player should 
always have a plan -. almost any plan will be better than none He 

~ hould endeavor to have a chief design In his play at every stage of the 
game, to which deSign his particular moves at the time should con-
tribute, or b subordinate . A plan may be one of attack or one of 
defense, or to su bstantially preserve the pOSition for other con-
ti ngenCle , but it should be thorough, controll d and p rS I t nt until 
It objective IS attained" 

SCHOOL SUPPLIES • GIFTS 
• GREETING CARDS 

"Ev _n If you haven'! e el'clsed 
once Hl the Ia.st twent . years, 
all ell ' JLlst two hours'" away 
ron) good phYSical candl 1011 

'1 j If '1Il1<'I'l:d '111.1'1\1'/)"1 11 ..,. ,.ll,.! 

• ART SUPPLIES 
VITAMINS. HEALTH 
FOODS • SOFTWARE • .• 1 (, , . I • I 1 f]' l ' I "II1 ('\lt'IIl'''i',I'dPl' ,~ Ill , ,.,., I., ( , 

SUNDRIES 
FLORAL AND SPECIAL 

ORDER SERVICES 

LAURENCE E. MOREHOUSE. PH.D. 

AND LEONARD GROSS 

'to '-M .J .. " " . 
'" .....,.. ... ... .. "' .' 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS 
- EXTENSION 1360 

STORE HOURS: MON.-FRI. 8 TO 4:30, 
• 

SAT.10T02 

UnlVfRSiTY 

MATTHfWS CAMPUS 
(XnNSION 1360 

PageS 

Grad-Admin. Meeting ... 
Continued From Page 1 

Yearly contracts were also brought up during the meeting. Grad 
~tudent Jim Kavanaugh asked why UCSD could not hire 105% of the 
necessary T As before the year started. He said that if there was over 
enrollment, the extra 5% TAs would come in handy, and if the extra 
TAs weren't required for teaching, then they "could probably be used 
for other things." 

Pierce answered that the administration could not do things that 
way "T As," he said, " must be allocated on a strict basis of student-to-
TA ratio." He admitted that UCSD cou ld theoretically hire 100% of the 
estimated TAs, but said the administration needed some cushion so the 
number of T As wou Id not exceed the number necessary. Pierce said the 
percentage hired beforehand by the various departments is subject to 
the situation Within a given department, so the administration would 
probably not send a directive to all departments telling them to hire a 
certa in percentage of TAs the year before . He added, however, that 
most of the departments on campus would probably be amenable to 
the idea. 

Pierce also said that yearly contract were left up to the various 
departments for the same reasons . 

Though none of the demands were granted during the course of the 
two hour meeting, both sides agreed that progress was being made and 
agreed to meet next Thursday for more discussion. 

Graduate students met Wednesday night to hear a report from the 
Negotiating Committee on the progress of their me ting with ad-
ministration offiCials, and to decide on future GSU activities. 

The GSU decid d to take no further action for the remainder of the 
current academiC year, though negotiation will continue throughout 
the ummer 

Several committee were set up, among them, a committee to 
conduct research on legal matters concerning the Union, and a 
committee to set up communication with other graduate tudent 
unions across the stale 

Un ion members also decld d to recruit as many Incoming graduate 
~tud E' nt as possible thi s SL.:mmer. 

Summer Concerts ... 
Continued from Page 8 

June 24 IS another of those two-concert-in-<Jne-night-nights At the 
Civic Theatre, 9-man soul, rock, and blues, with Earth, Wind and Fire 
with op ning act Street Corner Symphony. .' 

At the Sports Arena, Yes, back for their 3rd San Diego appearance 
sports their new keyboard player In the absense of Rick Wakeman 
Joining them that night wi ll be opener Ace. 

That's about It for June, and long range plans are far and few bet-
ween at the moment for local concert activity The only otherdefinife 
commitment for an appearance by Steve Stills in the Sports Arena on 
July 22 

Whether In San Diego or elsewhere, I hope your summer IS a 
pleasant one, and nothing a little music can't help 

.~* ••• * ••• *** ••• *** •• ****.***." 
* - ..... 
It- FRidAY NiGhT Flicks : 
It-

: OOA[OO)[W) ': 
It- ~ It-
It- ~ It-

: ~AQJJ[!)~ : 
: USB 2722 $1 7:30 E 10 : 

It- • It- SATURdAY FilM • 
* • 
* Claude Chabrol 's • 
It- It-

: ~ alCJ)(JJctoo~(!4 : 
It- It-

* It-It- Psychological suspense thriller It-
It- • It- on par wi the best by Hitchcock • 
It- • : USB 2722 7Sc 7:30 & 10 : 

• ~.* ••••. *.*.* **.- _ •••••• _* **. - flo ' 

NOW PLAYING! 

"Blazing 
Saddles" 

\ 

and 
"Play It 

Again, Sail." 
[possibly the lut showina before this 

film goes oul of circubitionJ 
Frid.ly .nd s.turd.ly .t MidniJ!l. 

Jimmy Cft'f "The Harder They Come" 

ht and '0 ' Sis 
Encinit ... 7SJ-J9SS 

. 



Pap' 

The idea of intramurals 
is to find people 

_ .. getting last minute instructions from the 
coach· , 

and the mean ing 

behind them al ive fo r 

t hose w ho enjoy 
the fun o f portici pation 

or just kicking back 
and spectating. The 

whole idea is to get in'lolved. 

... having teammates help with the chores when you're busy. 

Triton Times 

I nvolvement is: 

Having a friendly little gel-Iogether on a Sunday afternoon; 

... being able to do it yourself.· 

who are willing 

to have a good time. 

The prerequisites are 

few , and don 't take 

much skill: desire to play, 

and just a little drive. 
It is these people who 

keep intramurals ... 

June 6, 1975 

... the more enjoyable rewards in winning a softball championship; 

TT photos by 
Tad Spen y 
Denise P~k ~nd 
Ch. ,1es Eu 

.June 6. 1975 Triton Times Page 7 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1M BS 

Waterpolo Dynasty Ends 
by Paul Wagner 

Sports E di tor 
Rumor has It that In the world of Coed Innertubl' Waterpolo, a 

dynasty h about to omt? to a flni~h Und rwatl'r Cheap hots, ap-
1,IIned by Mikl' Tom. I~ about to come 10 the finish of a highly 
productive reign as the champs of th Ir sport 

Tht? team cam(' together four year ago when th e sport was fir t 
Introduced to UCSD The winning ~tarted then and has continued up to 
and Including this year. Three years ago, the sport went coed and 
Cheapshots followed in suit and added their female contingent to the 
Quad . 

Cheapshots have represented U SD in two All-Cal tournaments First 
In 1973 and again this year. In the mean time they have managed to 
win all three championships that have been played and they are in the 
proce of attempting to make it four straight. Their most recent 
noteworthy effort ca me a few weeks ago a they participated In a 
triangular meet at Palomar College and came away with the cham-
pIOnship . 

The dyna ty will be coming to a clo e when next year Mike Tom, 
Laune Davis, Mark "Chet Chebunski" Liska and Bill Gates take leave of 
the nest here and face their fortune in the outSide world Still left to 
form the nucl us of a new era of champion will be Jeff Wustman , 
Dickie Duncan , Lisa Carpenter, Val Cardeiro and Anne Knapp, most of 
whom will al 0 be s en out on the Ru~by f ield next fall. 

There are only two more hurdles that confront Cheapshots in their 
quest for their fourth straight title; the semi-finals and the finals . Both 
matches will be heldt!-tis afternoon. The semi's are at 3 pm and the 
final. originally cheduled for Sunday night, will be played Friday 
night at 6 pm . 

I n order to gain the semi's, Cheapshots had to get by perennial 
adversary Surface Tension. the same team they had to beat and'" did , 
21-12, to ~o the All-Cal whi ch they In the semi-final game this 
afternoon they will be facing lhe Ball Crunchers, who won their 
prelimi nary match Wednesday. 

The finals mah:h promises to have plenty of action as it will feature 
the winner of the Crunchers vs. Cheapshots game pitted against the 
winner of the Surface Tension vs, either Waterbuffalos or Poly frogs , 
dependi ng upon the outcome of the match between the latter two 

Errata 
In Wednesday 's issue of the 

Triton Time~. It was reported that 

IQII"'I 4»4 
...... ~\1fIT Q ~ 

~~ .... __ r 

IP'PQIIM 
..... MIM.~ 

222-1438 
Jim Cummins 

191 1 Cable St. 
San Diego, C • . 92107 

The Plebian 
Indian Arts 

American Indian Jewelry 
Th Perfect Gift 
for Graduation 

Custom Silverwork . nd Repairs 

454-1888 
834 Kline, La Jolla 

EI Chunko was on top of both 
men's and coed floor hockey . In 
actuality they are on top of only 
the coed divi ion. What the Puck 
was the winner of the league play 
in the men's league Also, Jim 
Rap!? wa ml takenly identified as 
Mike Rapp . 

The Triton Times regrets these 
errors. 

Don', Think Abortion 
Alternatives are Available 

S.D_ PRO UFE LEAGUE 
583-5433 

Also free speakers 
and study room 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

....................................................................... 

~~.uA~l CJ)~J J~J)J.u ~J~CI)<!) 'J~~ 
a l00·page journal of work by: 
David Ant ill, Mel Freilicher, Martha ROSier, Eleanor 
Antion , Jeff Weins tein, Michael Davidson, Paul Dresman , 
Rex Pickett, Howard Cohen, Charles Heimler, Ned 
Sublette, Kathy Acker. 
Wednesday of fi nals week at the Bookstore or by mail 
c/o UCSD Student Center. 
Sl to stud ents $1. 50 general 

.............................................. It ...................... ., 

TTENTIOl\Ti 
UCSD'. Summer Sess!~n oUe,. many cou rses_ Among 
them are: 

ANTHROPOLOGY 103: PROBLEMS IN 
CHINESE'ETHNOLOGY (CHINESE FOLK 
RELIGION) For 4 Units 

ANTHROPOLOGY 125 : LANGUAGE AND 
CULTURE For 4 Units 

For further information contact the UCSD Summer 
Session Office, 101 Matthews Campus or call (714) 452-
4364 . 

Ramblers Take Men 's Softball Title 
by Dave Eisen 

Assistant Sports Editor 
The Ramblers completed il 

near-perfect IIltramural softball 
~ ason. With a 15-11, nine-inning 
win over Scumbag In the men's 
final Wednesday aft rnoon . First 
baseman Daryl Snyder drove In 
the tie-breaking run In the top of 
the second extra inning as the 
Ramblers broke a 10-10 tie and 
outlasted Scum . 

The largest intramural crowd of 
the 5eason was on hand at Muir 

IC,-
~ 

Ump Scott Harkness looks over Scumbag Mik.e Sesma whzle 
Rambler Ed McGraw waits for the pitch. 

field to watch the action . They 
w re treated to an early Rambl er 
lead and repeated Scum 
comebacks, then score Ie s 
seventh and eighth Inni ngs before 
three hits, two walks, and an error gOing into the bottom of the The Ramblers then finished off 
gave the game to th Ramblers . Sixth. Scum In the ninth . Two hits and 

The viCtory was the tenth in The next two and a half Innings an error loaded the bases, and 
eleven games for the Ramblers, belonged to Dan Monteverde's then Snyder came up with hiS tie-
incuding five flawless play-off Scum. Doubl s by Bill Schairer, breaking hit, a Single to center 
performances . John Arnold ' s Mike Hatch , and Morrison , Gottfried's triple cleared the 
quad won the "A" Dual League followed by a base hit by Don bases and put Scum out of reach . 

with a 5-1 ledger, and was rated Lewis tied the game. Scum came Second baseman Hoffman started 
dlong with Boatfolk as having the to bat in the bottom of the eighth a double play in the bottom of 
best c hance to dethrone with a chance to win the game, the inning to end the game. 
defending champion Ax. It turned and nearly did . Schairer opened The loss ended a strange season 
out to be th Ramblers, with 12-7 th -inning with a smash to right- for Scum , who went only 3-3 in 
third round upset, who stunned center , and only diving stab by regular season , and had only the 
Ax. BinstOck saved a hit. One out twenty-first best record of all 

Scumbags gave Ax it's second later Morrison singled and Lewis men 's teams . Scum pulled a pair 
loss, 6-5, toput the champs out of doubled him to third , but Arnold of come from behind wins In 
action . Scum ended with a 7-5 got Robert Pinata to hit back to early rounds, winning games after 
record after a third place finish in rh_i_m_t_o....:e:....n...:.d_t_he"--in_n---'''--_____ 8-_J_a_n_d_5_-lli_d_e_f_ic_it_s_. ____ -., 
the Victor League, and then 
consecutive wi ns over Scripps, 
Boatfolk. Ax , and Dik Short to 
make it to the finals 

Th Ramblers nearly sent Scum 
pitcher Isaac Li zarraga to the 
showers early, With a six-run 
outburst in the first two innings. 
Roger Gottf r ied tripled and 
scored on a Jim Rosania single in 
the first. and hi ts by Peter Bin-
stock, Paul Hoffman, Bill Duke, 
Snyder, and Gottfried brought in 
five more in the second. 

Scum came back with four in 
the third off John Arnold , with 
Phil Morrison's two run single the 
big hit. Behind the bat of Keith 
Bryan, the Ramblers scored four 
more in the next three innings, 
while Scum had a three-run 
fourth , and the Ramblers led 1()'7 

Player 

Keith 

Jim 

Ed 

John 

Bill 

T<*I 

Rarrblen 
AS R 

5 

6 

6 

5 

5 

5 

4 

2 

2 

4 

.. 

3 

2 

o 

o 

o 

3 

2 

2 

2 

15 

H 

2 

3 

3 

2 

3 

2 

o 

2 

19 

B.-Soar. 
Stu_gs 

RBl Piavet' AB R H RBI 

2 Bill 5 

4 Mike H. 4 

3 Phil 5 

Don 5 

o Robert 5 

o Dan 5 

2 MiaS 3 

John 2 

o l.ee 5 

2 JohnM. 5 

15 T,*' .. 

3 

2 

2 

o 

o 

o 

2 

o 

" 

3 

2 

4 

3 

o 

2 

2 

2 

3 

3 

3 

o 

" " 



by larry Deck.1 
Arts Edtior 

A lengthy morning on the phQne to all local and out-of-town 
promoters. all concert halls. and all usually informed sources has 
yielded this last list of San Diego concerts . This is the up-to-the·mlnute 
report of all schedu led concerts thus far for this summer. 

Tonight, at the San Diego CIVIC Theatre. Kris Kristopherson and Rita 
Cool i dge bring cou ntry and blues to San Diego JOining them as 
speCial guest will be Mr. " I Can Help," Bill y Swan. 

Tomorrow a little music for masochi t comes to town a Kiss bring 
their high-powered fire-breathing sound to the Civic Theatre. Opening 
act that night is Rush. 

June 14 takes u to the Sports Arena where th Bachman·Turner 

Triton Times 

I~ 
by Eliub.th Chim.nt ' 

Staff Writ.r 
It·s almost over at last. and the 

summer IS stretching itself out 
lazi ly in front of you ... Ah , warm 
breezes. mint juleps. the ocean .. 
DPspite the casual air of freedom ' 

_ that often accompanies summer. 
however. I usually f ind myself 
incredibly bored by the third 
week or so . 

Again then , I have come to the 
rescue wi th a "Summer Guide of 
Wonderfu l Th ings to Do Just 
When You'd Given up Hope." 

Fi rst of all . if you are gOing to 
be in San Diego this summer. be 
sure not to m iss the Summer 

Shakespearean Festiva l held at the 
O ld Globe Three Shakespearean 
comedies w ill be tagea this 
ummer . This 26th San Diego 

National Shakespeare Festival 
will !eature the magical fantasy 
" The Tempest ," the sophisticated 
roman ce " Much Ado About 

othing, " and th moralisti 
comedy "Measure for Measure." 

[llis Rabb will direct " The 
Tempest ." which opened 
Tuesdav at Balboa Park theatre. 

"Much • Adll About 
Nothing" opens today . 

Overdrive brings its " heavy" sounds Contary to newspaper advertising Both plays will alt rnate 
Elvin Bishop will not be the opening act. In his place, The Climil ~ Blues performances until July 9 when 
Band and Bob Seger will be special guest stars. "Measure for Measure" opens. 

At the CiVIC Theatre also on June 14 is " An Evening of Pure Gold," All three plays will conti nue 
featuring three ma,or concert attractions . Headliner for the evening is throughout the festival season 
one of the great blues guitarists B.B. King. Joining B.B. King on stage in until Sept. 14. Performances are 
a rare co-appearance will be the Freddie King Band. Opening that night nightly except Monday plus 
will be one of the original San Francisco sound bands. Quicksilver Wednesday , Sunday and Saturday 
Messenger Service. matinee. 

June 15, at the Civic Theatre. Jerry leff Walker returns to San Diego. An exhibition of works by 
~urrently on tour. and docking in the Civic Theatre for a week's stint California artist DeWain 

June 17-22, the touring production of Jesus Christ Superstar offers a Valentine will open in the 
sentimental ,ourney down rock·opera lane. downstairs gallery of the La Jolla 

Back at the Sports Arena, there will be hard rock on June 20 with ·zZ Museum of Contemporary Art on 
Tops and Aerosmith . Ju ne 28 and continue through 

The Sports Arena gets another biggie on June 22 - Bad Company August 3. 
with Maggie Bell as opener . Valentine has worked with 

Continued on PageS widely varied sc ulptural form s 
r-------------- -----------------------, 
I I 
I I 
I I 

! For ! 
! University & State ! 
i Employees Only. ! 

If you are paying money on any of 
the below, your U.S.E. Credit Union 

will probably save you money! 
o Auto Loan o Consolidation . Loan 
o Home Improvement 
o Mobile Home Loan 

o Master Charge 
o BankAmericard 

o Recreational Vehicle Loan o Department Store & 
o Signature Loan o Other Credit Cards 

Since your credit union offers loan rates that often beat the 
competi tion there s a good chance If you were to refinance any 
of the above loans through your University and State Em-
ployees Credit Union you could save a b~ndle In Interest The 
procedure to find out IS painless Call or VISit your USE. Credit 
Un:on Just have a general Idea of your eXisting monthly ray-
ments per loan and or Ihe ampunt you have le ft to pay (knOWing 

e- fin,) . I rercenLaqe. ate will help. but If you don't know. 
thaI s ok) 

Then If we can save you money we Will And If we can·t. we'lI 
say so You see. we're YOUR credit union and and we're here to 
help 

[J[]~~ 
CREDIWNIDN 

~ U.liversity' State Employees (redit Union I" ... f, ", 
G9NCUA 

5555 M"dred Slreet 5191 College Avenue UCSD Campus. Lyman 
San fl 'ego 921.0 San D,ego 92115 at M,ramar Rd 

297· 1138 216-4210 La Jolla . 92037 
453-51120 

------------- -
------------------------

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Aart-Vark 
(ont inuous ly p rob in g new 
ciimpn ' lon, of co lor-l ight-space 
phenomena Intri gued wi th the 
Ideas of being aware of the outer 
o;urface o f an ob jec t . of seeing 
through i t and of vi o;ually entering 
the interior space. Valentlne's 
work, ('f"a tf' illUSions through the 

i nterfll ~y of color and ligh t 
Si rius. an art co ll ec tive. will 

show original works by 20 loce l 
artists thro ugh the mo nth of June. 
Si tuated in the big. blue building 
at the corner of San Eli jo and 
Chesterfie ld in Cardiff. the art 
, how is fr e and open to the 
public da ily . 

There wi ll be a couple of very 
fi ne ~how~ at the Fi ne Arts Gallery 
in Balboa Park this summer. JunE' 
7 through Aug .10 there wi ll be a 
~how of 52 works on paper by 
major figure of the modern art 
scenE'. H ans Hofman lhese 
works offer a l ittle-seen election 

.June'i, 1975 

~ I 
of the late art ist's oeuvre 

Also being ~hown from June 28 
through Aug 10 ar(' ')9 pa int ings 
by American artists from Colonial 

tim"~ to thp prf'~('nt It Incllld(', 
works by Mary Cassatt . Martin 
H('adf' and C('orge Inne 

A , how ('nt itl ed " Portable 
Containf'r' " Wi ll run through 
Aug.) at the Museum of M an in 
Balboa Park . The cl f'ver and 
varied containers that man has 
devised wi ll be the subject of the 
new ~ how . hom the Museum 
co llect ion<; wi ll be earners such as 
iln Eskim o seal-foot pouch. a 
Ph ilippine back-pack made 01 
coconu t fiber Chinese tea-caddys 
and bow-and-arrow quiver con· 
tai ners. The m odern conveyences 
have been handcraf ted by the 
A ll ied Craftsmen 

Here's hopi ng your summer i, 
complet Iy free of uglies and 
nast ies. and that you ('n joy the art 
and beau that s 

Fn'edn'ch DUTTenmatl 's "Play Stn'ndberg" W Ill be p resented 
in Me 409 pm today and tomoTTOW. The play, directea by Frank 
Condon, is an adaPJion of A. SJrindberg's "The Dance of 
Death. " 11 captures the laugh behind the agony of Stn'ndberg 's 
play deflating it by applying the exciting thealncal metaphor of 
a prize fight in 12 rounds. . 

Extra seats have been added, and free tickets are avaIlable at 
the door. 
~~~~~~~~~~~G,tp-~~.:, 

~ UCSD: EUROPE '75 ~ 
f CHARTER FLIGHTS ~ 
~ STILL OPEN Q: 
~ ~ r' 73 davs June 16 LA/ Pari. TIA DC-8 $46().00 
~c Aug. 28 Parls / LA TlA DC-8 a 83 davs June 22 LA / Pari. TIA DC-8 $450.00 A • . Sept.2 Par is/ LA TlA DC-10 ~ 
~ 52 davs July 07 LA / Pari. TlA DC-8 $45O.'JO ~ 
r' Aug. 28 Paris/ LA TlA DC-8 ~ ~.C 29 davs Aug. 03 LA/ Paris TlA DC-8 $450.00 ~ ;y Sept 01 Paris / LA TIA DC-10 ~ 
~ 34 davs Au g. 12 LA / Ma d rid TIA DC·S $410.00 ~ r Sepl15 Pa ri./ LA TIA DC·10 j 

~ one w. y Sept 01 LA / Paris TlA DC-S $210.00 ~ 
;y Jun.30 LA / Pap. ell ' UTA $372.00 Q: 

~. TAO::::::::~;i~;E:~::,~ ~~ 
UCSD Intern.Uon C. nl.r 412-0130 
Open : 11.m to 4 pm Mon. W.d. Frl 
~ 9amlo1pmTu .. ftThu,. @ 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~;: 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING 

~S1E~S Jt'kOJt ~O~ S S~Sl'£",S 
COWR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 

PENTAX, OLYMPUS, • KONICA CAMERAS. LENSES 
LARGE DAIIKJIOOM DEPARTMENT 

INCLUDING 
KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES-SERVICE -TRADES-REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

80B DAV.S CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

4 ... 73 •• 

C-I Triton Tim •• F'riday, June 6, 1975 

.--~~-------What's Happeriing---------...... 
FRI.HMEN. .OPHOMOIlI. AND 
JUMOIIa. AvIMIeft .......... NMIY 
.nd Air ,..... _ ~ til ......... 
IIIIERVI YOU II AVIATION •• AT 
NOW. Cell Lt. PRANK 'USH. USN as. 
..... ..,.. 
HEUCON TIll ucao ,~ J __ Ie 
on .... _ lit .. Muir lit. .... nd 
0CCIII0MIIY R .... P ....... l1li, 
ApplicatioN being ICOIPIed for • ~C 
Itud.nt L.blly Int., ... hl.. In 
aecrelltlntO tN. IUmmer. Apply .t 
ltudent C ...... 2nd FI-. or ..... 
for Info. 11/1' 

Tha de ... for .. __ rtIf Add/Drop 
W.. for OIIIIIInuIIIII 8tudInta .... 
...... changed til June' thru June 11-
Che..... may be ..... wIIIMIut In-
• tructor'l ..... tu... RIItrIctIot .. f • • g. 
D_rt_ .temp'I_lpply.""" 

All boob Ire clue In C ....... Ullrary lIy 
Set. JUM 14. till' 
All .tudlnta mutt elMr their lock ... lIy 
Friday. Ju.. 11. Return lockl .nd 
towela to Gym""'", equipment lwul 
R_. AN ""'" lett In gym lock ... will 
be dllclnIIcI. l1li, 

Writintt TutoN for Fall • ...roIl In 
wOen. 1.. • other prerequ..... In· 
clude Writ.... Ability - _ 1214HL Or 
II2UZ for _.Info & to epply. 11111 
PI .... W .. erw. Center Need to Kick 
beclt1 ThIrd CoIIeee Fecllitetoow OftIaa 
412 Mc R", I 0.,... ,. .. AM to ... PM 

M~y · Fildey '''II' -
Then! will not be • lheIIItot din ..... 
tonight 

UNIVER.,TY·COMMUNITY CHURCH. 
_ LA Jol .. Ihoree Dr .. offen fOur 
worahlp ,arvlc., .ach lunday: 
Luthenon • 10 a .m .. followed by lar-.ll 
brunch JUM I: Catholic . 1:30 a .m. and 
1:00 p.m .: EpI_ ... 1 • 12:30 p .m . 
W .. com • . 

Le Jol.. Civic & Unl".,.ity choir 
concert. with 100 .. nk organ .nd brae. 
........ b ... FAEE. Sunday 7:30 pm. 1at 
P_byt .... n Church. COFMf 01 3rd & 
OM. St. S .D. Ion iii. take Civic C.nt.r 
."it to 2nd St' 

"crawl out your window" • • journll of 
work by Dlvld Antln. EI.nor Antln. Ra" 
Pickett. Plul D_ .... n. K.thy Acker. 
M .. Freilichar. Mlrtha Roaler. Charl_ 
Halml.r. Howard Cohln. Mlchl.1 
Devldaon. Ned Sublett.. J.ff Weln· 
lI"n. at the Bookatora, Wed. of fine .. 
wwII . • 1. 

TI.... Chan.. lor F" 7Ii Hebr_ 
C'- Hebr_ I m_ M .W.f .. 1~11 
A.M. HL 1U1. Hebrww U\. 10 meet. 11· 
12 ....... room. For Inlo. Michael. • • 
1171 . p_" Int_ed In lormln. I Fred 
H.nI. for P...tdant comrnitt.. thl. 
aummer ln Sen Olego. Mark · 214-38. 
" Leetu .. Not." I. aMve & w .. 1 In the 
Commutar C.nter • Blakl H.II. Rev .... 
Lou...... Sublcrlptlona end/ or good 
conver .. tlon w.lcom • . MWF 1, ·2; T.Th 
2-41"/11 

Tha Red Crou Ind tha VIMnam_ 
Refu ........ tane. comml.... need 
voluntH ... To ... ch .ngll.h through 
the aum .... r .t Camp Plndleton. Pi .... 
contact Dorl •• t 412-.... Thank you 
till) 

Pre-Flnel. Fellowahlp I. youra thl. 
Sunday at Univer.1ty Church. in the 
loungl. 7:00 to':OO p. m. Student I_d . .. 
ere Gerald Erno. Ann B .. ver. K.n 
Grah.m. Jerry Ru • • ell Ind Peter 
Czlpon. 

Stud.nta Invited to . Ign petition In HL • 
library concernln. lhe tenUrl of Plul 
Price. b iology prof •• ,or. H. w .. 
denyled tenure I .. t w .. k. 

ATTENTION: Need Int .... ted atudenta 
to .Ign up for P.......-tv. c .... offered 
In lha f.1I qu.rt.r. P..,ch . : S."ual 
upact 01 hu .... n reIatIo ..... lp lot. of 
I ___ m.nta. Individual or group Ind 
peraonel .. 11_nc.. .valilbl.. C.n·t 
flunk It • try over .nd over till you m.kl 
itl 

~~',,~ ,! ! ." ,~. 

~ 
"emlnd .. CORE mIMing. Satch offlc. 
10'.m . II. 

TRANSCENDENTAL MEDITATORS: 
Adv mIMing .nd group meditation 
Mon. Junl • . 7 PM. Rev.lI. Inform.1 
Loungl: Jo. Ri.k., . ..... 210-1140 
IS.I.M.S.I 

BSSO: i. hiving I n Import.nt 
reorg.nlz.tion mIMing lodey at • p.m . 
30JD USB. All inter .. ted In p.rtlc lpatlon 
for n.xt y .. r era a.ked to an.nd. 

activities I 
Friday Lunch Movie: .... Itrnan In-
t.NI_. Bronowskl". HSS2333. l' ' .m. 
.nd 12. II/I) 

Robert R. My ... , G .. d Student. 0 ... 
Blo.ng ln •• rlng " PI.I M lc rov .. cul.r 
H.modynemlc Correl.t" to Induced 
Epll_y: A Study of Lonl C_b .. 1 
Autoreguletlon." Todey. 2 p .m. BW. 
Ba.lc Scl.nc. Building. MC 

UCSO Craft. Center Spring C_mic. 
Sal • • JUM 11. , 2. 13, ' a .m . - 1 p.m .• fo r 
info. 462·2021 . 

NOON DANCE CONCERT - Studentl of 
O .. m a 122 C • Int .. medl. t . D.nc . 
Studl.. • pr_t th"r flnel dene. 
compo.'t lon • • t odlY. noon. M.C. _ 
Fr ... refr .. hm.nta. I"" 
REVELLE SENIORS - G RADUATION 
PARTY. Pot luck barbecue at t he beech. 
24th St . In D.I Mar. Sat . Jun. 14th, noon 
to I p.m. Bring your ow nl AI.o. votl. 
fo r proia • • tud.nt, & m.kl your cia • • 
donetlon. 

Prol. Sergio Morevll. Unilll r.lw of 
Aorence. " M.n .nd Hi.t ory In French 
Struct urali.m" 5 p.m. lod.y. R.v. lI. 
Form.1 Loung • . pr ... nt.d by the D" pt . 
of Llteratura. 

Campu. Wid" Conclrt - tod.y. B.hlnd 
gym . pon.ored by U.C.S .O. M ualcla n. 
Guild & c.mpu. Program Boerd. Fr .. 
food. Mu.lc & vi.u.'. from 12 no on til 
12 midnight. II/II 

a,...;--------Advertisements for Ourselves ----------4 

UCID "'ud.nt-run d.tln •• .,vlce. 
ba •• d upon profe .. lon.' 
paychoiOillclIIy·deel.ned compatllllilty 
t.ta. II n_ ec_tlng .... mbarlhlp 
appllcetioN. Money beck gua .. nt .. --
INFO .... til., 

Gat your twth Intll IOmMhlng lulcyl 
Tha Food COOP. Bilka Hili fnlllt to the 
Ie. c,..m Huetlerl .. dailY ."/1' 

John Heyw;/Whet do you thlnk1...l· 
Wha1 can I _1 .. ,/WI been • _ with 

c~ ,., UlIIOdI: M_ you • think 
of you often. Good luck • dIn't let .. it .. 
bring you down. WIth love. DIAnn. 

~. Hid. __ time 81 the belch 
Monday night. Thenka for .. ....m· 
ma ...... Let·. do h .... n _ . Mr. I0Io 
'''1' 
H...,.,. Tha ... for .. beet two .,.,. of 
my life. ·ErIoa-ltIll 

Happy Birthday SMG ILY. LNM N W 
11/1' 

My .... _ G .... : I loved you-I love 
you now .. l'llove you .IweYL Thana for 
1VWYthI .... y_ Women-·and _ .thl 
fur-I_ oneil of your LIdiM. 

OMr JOItn: May _ future be '"lad 
with lunny daYL Y ~ .-. con 
todH III ottll I ..... ' Loll 1111' 

0_. W. _ but ,....... In thl 
dark_ of tI_bUt of III the """" In 
the nl_ of life. Youra II the brlghteat 
In my co-*- eye. I ""'I -'t the 
coming of tel when 10"'. of the old. 
• prlng bu. will have died Ind .nd the 
ba,. mamorlal will taka on new IHa 
onel ..... n. Have. e90d aumlltlrl Lov •• 
Steveltl., 

france. Norway . ..................... 
CMellne: B.,II La JO'I Ie, • GrIll will 
' ...... n 0.,... _ H_'11n BDI.I/I, 
Klren - luM wrItI ... I ......... IIInH It'l 
the !eM """ - you tI,..., got I _. 
aDnell Your friend • mine. Men filiI 

Tom · did you til"" ...... that quarter1 
't·. been I 80lIl _ . but _ your 
ahoot together. J_ k...... . Mutt 
(111) 

In the Sundry Store I t.va found .. 
_ bMuttfuI young lady I'VI _ 
_ . .... II IIItremIIy "'. bIG ... end 
IGay . ... OrIon,.'-' ./1, 
Kith ..... F. H_ I IIOOd au",mer with 
Your friend from 8tenfenI. I "- you 
can ... your "-'- thin. hit 
WiIIIII. your • .• . To", fill' 

Anne: I ......... you expect I --' 
fro", _ In thII ...... W... you',. 
wron • • Den II1II 

Dork. J .... I _ 1aIIy . .... ht 
.............. 0 ....... ...,.... 1 • . 
· 1oy .. t"-1 L-* - ___ . Doe 
__ I·m ........... 

H.D .• Tha very .... tim. I' ll be with you 
for. long tim. I ... ·t very far _ay. We 
only hlVI I wllk 11ft to .ha,. .nd thin 
Ig_ it'lI be the ... d . You once .. ked 
..... " I.n·t it worth 1t1" I know thl 
lnew., now ... .. Y..... Think, for 
IVIrYthlng. moat of III. for cering. I' ll 
...... you. PI_ think about ma onca 
In_hl ... L ...... H.D. 

MIerdII Putal I'm _. W.·,. .11 one. 
lAnd w. loved every mlnuta of Itl. 
NIII .... DEFENSEI M.rtln. enlOY your 
_ found "frlende" you .he,. your 
offIc. wlth. K.tI Iworld t .. v ..... , watch 

~ forth_ G ...... na ...... y.r. 

Am.. I, loedly. Blo-Am.. I. .ven 
WOrM. 'ut P.rk. will dig Itll B_ .. 
DIVIaI Mimi Q w.. """ ~Ing 
north. Quackll Quackll 

ues. announcea the grind opening of 
Le_LAyl_. Go for It. Bruc .. PM cen't 
wilt f_ I neither can Mt. SoIedId'. 
GM out of my hou .. 1 R ...... ,. 
_Imber cMm etude. OM out of .. 
front row. Uncial" will hlv, h .. dUIII 
Ouchl 

It', fln.lly .umm.,. .ugar ba.,1 
Elillbethen d .... 1 Ukiliov. you. 

Oood Ood - I' m out of herll " thlnkl 
·By. to .11 the pro". p,.mede. MI .. 

HIIiUo~ • It'l travlling tlm.1 W.P. 
Pablo 

R_I,.red 
Violate I,. blu. 
WI'II ml .. the quack. 
So Poo Poo P .. 000 . BYI IA IIlIrd -

. aIudge I _ond orlglnell 

NI.Mln ...... Thank you for the BEST 
y.r of my IHa. LOVI, bgl • • 

HIPPY Birthday M.A.I MlY your IH. be 
filled with w.rm fuzz'" todey .nd 
llwlva. Lova your ION. Jlm.nd Andy. 

To the .... utHul _II 81 RIVIIII 
Provoet 0ftIaa: It' ....... In .-'anee • 
I' ll mila you guya. Than" for I •• t Frldeyl 
Tim . 

BetlY Anne. Thank you lor m.klng my 
IH. beautiful In avery _yl J. .ull 
toujoura vot,.. Frank. 
R.M.: Thlnke for III your .... nd 
concern durin. the whole y.r. I truly 
~ltl It. Enjoy your aummer. Be 
....... yOU Iyou know you .nd your 
temAy.,. WIIco __ Iny tim • . I P.I . 
When do you _nt your cII_. 

KMay: Thank' for the beet time out 
befora my ItIrthdly. CrlVltM • . 

n_ Anne: H.ppy H ..... y H ..... y H ..... y 
H ..... y H ..... y Happy Heppy H.ppy 
H.,...., H ..... y Happy Happy Heppy 
Happy Happy H.,...., H ... py H.ppy 
'1rthdIy. Love. CC 
Den • Don't _ atop "ughing or wlpa 
thet .rIft oft/YOU·,. auoh I g_ IrI ... d 
til k_/your lvat_ II fillad with .0 
much good/ your ....... ,c... .hould ___ lOw. 

lUck • Goeh. no more V.G.: Dh. whet 
willi do1/ No mora .... nItIhte. no more 
-'II of the zbol MlY you one dey find 
phyaIca your ,..1 fort./ And that 
hIppI_1 will come your _vI Chull 
VlIta. 

Hartt - WillI _ you In .... t1 Maybe I'll 
have my own oroherd by thin. Miry. 

I - I. It po .. lbll for on. "I .. on to 
change .nother penon'. Ilfe1 Th.nk. 
for .0mMhlng mora lhan juat • flrend· 
.hlp. Th.nks for undlm.ndlng Ind 
being there wh ... I needed you. ·O 

H.v. fun In Moacow. Jodi By • • Ker ... 1 
What a .ummer. J.n, Annal By. Buy. 
s.c. KC 

Gr .. t Zoom · Don't fret. I'll _ you at 
1.I.t four tlml. ov., vlcatlon 
"peelilly around N._kf tlme:P., 

It·. b ..... nlca 2 y .. ,.. but you juat 
don 't havl whit It tak". UCID. 
Goodby. my Ogden Sult_ and Muir 
Q-3. Triton Tim ... . nd everyone ..... I' ll 
_ yOU III In LA. thl •• umm ... Lov • • 
Ka,.,.. 

Honey Child. I'm lloing to mill yOU 
mora than you know. Thank. from 
deep lnaide fOf .11 Ih. good thing. 
you'VI brought ..... My 10Vl Ilway., 
Mlc ..... 

HELPI 11m going to makl" big , mov. 
from B_n to Sen DIego In Au ..... to 
.nand Scrl_ Ind nlld • p"ce to Ilv. 
with friendly. und_ndlng _pll . If 
you wjJuld Ilk. tha com ... ny of a 22· 
y .. r-old blologlat. .ometlma .eulp· 
tor/palnter Into good mu.'c . back-
packlngln the mountain •• nd Jogging . I 
would Uke 10 h .. r Irom you. Paul 
Redler. 3 Edge Hili SI .. J.malce Plein. 
MA02130 

P.,.onel No.2 PRUNE BALLS: Your 
dava.,. numberedl Your chane_ llrow 
allmmer. A. MCh day _. Your 
future gFOWa dlmmerll R ........ ber. 
W.Y.L.E.1.11 Streight & CurilY 

M.uled . M.y your aummer·be • fln-
_Ic one and the coming Y"" 
wonderful to you. So .Impla .nd 10 
comple" .nd t ..... ,",orde only: I LOVE 
you. Anlml!l 

To. A;C) .H.W You'lI b. rid of m. In 10 
dey. 2 houra IIi2 mlnut ... But w.it 1111 
Milt y .. r. C.W. · 

DJ. Will. Bob. Rob. Pit • • Man. Larry. 
Wendell. DaVI-HlV •• gr .. t VlClllon. If 
your IV .. up In P.lo Alto. You have • 
plec. to .t.y. I couldn't hive .Iked for 
• better bunch of aultemM_ Thank. 
for everything. Good Luck on flnel • .. 
Bob 

To t... " aunahlne" of my 11f • • 
Congretu .. tlon. on graduating I Thank. 
for 1 ~ y .... .A ....... _ HMM • __ 
trip I I' ll be wlltl ... for you to lilt back. 
LOve. me 
TIGER & B-BOP ... I hurt InlldI ...... 1 
bad. ceu.. when quart.. _de .. .I·1I 
n.ver ••• aIthIr of you 
.... n .. . hoplfullY thll won't be 10. Leta 
k_ In touch .... atey " cl_ .. -
c.n ... LOVE. bet you OIn'l gu_ who. 
11/., 

ARCHIE • N.1It y"r. w. w.nt your 
room kept 10 ITINKIN'CLEANI Lov • • 
Mlrle .nd landy II" 

HARDY BOYS · If you·,. .ver following 
gr .... linea or crul.ln. term lend. you'd 
bett .. atop by and _ u •. LOYI. THE 
BO.BIEY TWIN • . "'" 

HONORI DR , HOOOLUMI ' AI. Mlltl, 
Paul . Rick. Vince • ....... the .d I 
prO ......... now I fo rgot whet I w.nted 
to .. y • oh well yOU',. . 11 t .... tlc. Much 
I ...... Nance 1111 

To the penon who found m y ho u. lng 
conlract & "00.00 cheek pi .... retu rn 
il to N.oml - 462-1721 Th.nk you 

To • knlghl·errent: lV.n now • • • h. 
.tand •• one. her thought •• ver bend to 
you. Though yOU wllk now w ith ot"" 
dr .. m •• on. bond w ith y .. t.,d.y .h.1I 
be .t .. df.at • • nd thaI i. her lov. fo r 
you. "") 
To . 11 of my frl.nd. at UCSD • ..,aei.lly 
my ,oomi. . thenk. for m.klng my 
introduction to C.lifornl • • 0 . peel. 1. . 
mb/llll 

To All My Frlande: land Fo .. - though I 
hope I don't hlv •• nyll Hav •• n . " . 
c iting .umm.,. Th.nk. fo r t". 
.-IM-L.r. '- \We. _ many nat 
y .. r ... To you who er. I .. vlng • w"at 
cen I .. y? Ay carum ... . Chief. SaVVY. 
DilVOI, BI"e-On. Beton twirling bozo · 
120, 11'. writ. It on I brick Itc. StlY " I n 
Tha Mood" Rei ... Ind Livelli Mart. 
Iblg M. mover. It .111 

W"IO. Blurp. Lemo. Brul .. r. Qu .. b. 
Goon. G .. k. HIff. & R.ne Thl 
Meehlne: Th.nk. for • g ... t .... on. 
LM·. 11M the r ... oba up for thl big on • . 
11111 
Lerry and E_ laY land .... ~I til 1111 
IfyGu·,._ inNewOrl--. .. 

"m - the cIIIy YGU "' uP on I .nelllIII/I· 1I 
be tIwe til ..." .,;ttI • heert full 01 
~"'MIy ....... c-"""end Ioeap o.r- uP tt.II'H __ and I _ YGU 
toknaw_aor. 
Dina - So fin •• ,. you. your lov. lor 
m.n pu .. /And ev ... thoug" we',. both 
I .. vlng Mulr/Tha two peat y .. ,. wer. 
w.1I worth our tim.' And I look forward 
to .... ng more of your kind. 

T.rrl You ·r. "Illy I 
Duch ... / Alt"ough w. th ink 
·Ouk.·/M.y your future be ioyou./ And 
the .pe .... you throughl 

Kllhy • wherever Uf. beckonl you/l ' 1I 
ml .. you my petlTodey becom .. the 
p •• t / And w. atlll.ln·I . _ nothln ' y.11 

ToN31: I love you .lIlIta bien lot. of 
funlt will mi .. you all / And tha Le Joll. 
Sun. Lov • • Amy 

LANE . You ere • wh.l. 01 • per· 
IOn / B .. utlful. young and clever/ And 
mo.t of III. your .un .1w.ya/Shln .. no 
maner the w .. ther 

Oayl • . s .. you UP north and m.ybe In 
the magic pen. H .... fun Ihl •• ummer. 

TOMASINA : H.ppy 2'.t Blrthd.y l 
Love. Ih. F.T .. • 1 ... 81_. ISummer 
ofwt..n1111 

Happy ... ated Birthday Chrl .. y. IP.p., 
100 full Wed ....... y.) • proclaim you 
Chief Plegy for I VIIr. Lovi. TerIt_. 

O.ve .nd ChaP. I enjoy.d yOU{ mualc 
Frtdey night. Thankl J ••• 

Tacy · You',. c .. zy .nd I t hink yo u',. .. 
wlerd •• I .m. I 10\11 it . Hivi I I .. m out 
. umm ... D.J . 

To IIfltv land¥. BI. B.d M.rla • • nd 
the H .. then. Tha corn .. I. No.1. I' m 
p roud 10 be in It . Tha,.·. no . ubetltutl 
for frllnd.. NI .. Yllr: ev.n rowdl ... 
J immy no J lv. 

To Deb & IhI Gang · Th.nk. fo r help ing 
m. Ov .. the hili. Lova you . 1I J .B. 

EO . CONG RATULATIO NS I YOUR 
BURE.AUCRATIC BREA KTHROUGH 
CO N CE RN I N G GOETTI NGEN 
DESERVES COMMENDATION. VIEL 
GLUCK I SUSAN 

Rendy . How can I tell yo u1 Yo u h. v. 
m .. nt . 0 much to m. Ih_ .... t y .... 1 
Th.nk yo u fo r caring .nd un-
d.ratend lng. You h.v. mad. m. very 
h.ppy. I .hl ll ml .. you. Lov. AlwlY • • 
Your nu,.lng home...... f rl ... d . Alen 
P.S .. k .. p reeding tho .. I.w boo k. 
you 'lI glt t he,. on. day. Ram.mber it·. 
e w ild world. 

Hey-You in t he B.S.T.H.· H.llo in Thl,. 
• Don't .. y it might have b .. n; u y it 
can b • . Lit'. rei ... How lo nll h •• t hl. 
.... ngoin.on1 

K-2. fri. nd • • • nd ... oel . ... - Thl. h .. 
b .. n I Yllr to reml mber. Thi nks 10 I II 
of yo u. The Juggling Fool 

MLB • H.II. fu n .t Gro .. mont nl xt 
y" r. Math won't b. the .. m. w ithout 
your .millng f. ce . Will r .. lly m i .. you .• 
A Merll Idmir .. In the S.f_.y lot 

.A.B· Thank. m uch for the ev.nlng 
Saturdey. Grllt fu n w hll. it I •• ted l -
Nut. oyer you 

To I II QUACKS wher.ver you ara: 
W.·regolng to m i .. your in .. n it\t. K_ 
on Siudging. S iudger & Li zard 

" SUPERTACO I" H.v. you co llected the 
t riple? W.II. thl. I. Iud t o think you fo r 
evlrythlng Ind w iah you I g_t 
. umm.r. Lov., " C. 0 ." 

Whal .. ar. gray. A.h .,. b lu.. But 
Kathy il WO"'. Than . ither of IhHe 
two. 

I Vi"l 101 Chlm Studel KIIP thl b lo-
worm. underground and bewer. of 
aeon infiltration. It ' • • 11 In you r h.nd. 
now. 

D.N.: HI '" • gr.lt .ummer .nd good 
luck at S. B. Thank. for .ve rything. 
• • pecl. lly for being . uch • b_utlful 
p . .. o n .nd gr .. t friend. I'm g l.d I w l nt 
to t he picnic , % month • • go. I'll mi .. 
you. P.S. Thank. for Ihe f.nte.l ic 
dinn., . 

Wo uld w ho.ver I 100ned my FEYNMAN 
LECTURES ON PHYSICS. Vo/.J. pi .... 
rltum • • m.? A. Rhomberg. APM .,.. 
.1It 27'11(111) 

My b ig bug C .. lgor . I' ll m i •• Y' th" 
aummer. T.k. cara & k_ In touch. 
S.B. d.y. will be he,. 8Oon. Lov. · joe 

To .11 my frl_ IYou know who you 
... ,: T"'ank yOU for bringing aunlhlne 
into my 11ft It • tim. when I thought 
ther. could o nly be darkMII. I will ml .. 
you whil. I .m In Scotland next V_. 
Hev •• good y.r. ThanIl you _ III 
peopl • . with 10 .... Lauren M.y. 

SUSAN ()QAWAI Happy 11th IlrthdeY 
lin 3 d.y.,. HIV •• I.ntaatlc aummer 
. nd I gr ... t y.r. (I 'M give yo u your 
Ch rl.tm • • p r_t lomedey.) 

Y"'.' Jl.:r. 0 ' r 'v Ti ,L .,A"".lotll • . 
YOu OWE YOURSELF AN OLY. 

Blu .... yed Goy: Looking f_rd 10 
.ummer w / youl PIut-MrI P .•. lnco,.1 
Happy Belated 1"'" Much Iovellwl ". 
POIItIn. 



C·2 

........... v ... CIT MI. 11" • 
ItoIt ........ AIM tItII o..un. 
VW. 0Ml ..... offw ....... 
1~ •• _11111 

W7 C~ MeIIItu. GNe! CondItIon. 
G_t ...... ncIy., ....... IIt 

71 K_ .... II ,. au.ee·D!rI ComIHa. 
.. _ mI_ good cond. Wlilinoi. .... met 
• nd car·C1ny reak .... Joel Z. 
".,.1I1t1 

• Toyotl c_ 4-..., "'n . 
Auto_tic. MUit MIL ... __ 14M 
11111 

Go to Europe June 1. for 3 week .. 
Ori.lnel pric. of ticket ... I'll MIl It 
for ... ... or o.c.r. Iftw. p.m. 
...,71111t1 

FIlEE KITTY. I'm moving beck with my 
Plrent. thIe .m ....... They'1I 11k. me 
but not my kitty. Very friendly .... ., to 
ce,.for. H.I .. ,.1I1t1 

:MOO 10-1P11C1 men'. blk •• b,.nd new 
.. Ginny ___ Icall "telllltl 

Huthklt AR·1 .... Mer.ntz SLT·12. 
."0. 115" AItICl. ... ... D.riln.ton 
low-nolll tr.MIltor.; with Ml1ED 
certridg.; multlcellul.r. '-'2114111111 

'. VW with .,., .n.ln.. Body d.m •••. 
but run. good. I .. blll., "'-7102 .ft., 
3:00 pm (1/1) 

71 HONDA 3&0 SL & B.II H.lmet $300, 
7&6-1040 (1111 

12-.tring Gulter (Y. m.ha I 1 yr· old, 
a.c.lI.nt condition. Mu.t h .. r to .p-
pracl.t • . M.ka off.r. B.rry 412-..0 or 
ev ... 463-4711. (III) 

ROLLING STONES TICKETS: LA Forum 
In July. Good ... u . C.II ..... " . B •• t 
to r •• ch 9 pm till midnight. (If I) 

KITTENS. pa,.l.n-c.llco. ador.bl.. 7 
wk.. need loving .nd r .. pon.ibla 
hom • . Call Tony. 510-7314, aft ... 7 p .m. 
No chlrg • . (If I) 

71 YAMAHA. 2IiO Enduro. cl .. n. m.ny 
axtr... good condition. MOO. 436-1436 
(III) 

,. Ch.vy B.I.lr 4DR Good Condt. 
Autometic, new B.n.ry. rabullt Tr.ne. 
N_ W.t.rpump - good tlr ... S.II by 
Jun. 14. MOO.OO - 436-2213 (If II 

Solid .. t.. autom.tlc redlo, AM/ FM 
tuner w / 1 treck tip. d.ck. $3&. 
Me.t.rwork TurnUbl. w / ching. fr ••. 
Glne272-1i071 (If I) 

Wood doubI.bId frame very atrong. Home 
made for bec:k prcbl_ $215. CeU 412-123&. 

Furnltur.: Couch MO. double b.d $3&. 
doubl. b.d .eo. c ornar t.bl ••. 
book.h.lv .. 4152-1130. 

2 couch •• $25 & $46. d lnetta table $15. 
doubl. bed ••. Big R.frlgar.tor $30. 
Guit.r $46. . urfbo.rd .71. fr .. bl •• 
B,.t off.r on ell Itam. 463-21&3. 

Shure M91 Ed . tereo magnetic c.r-
trldge Reg. 64 .••• 11 $25. Slightly u •• d 
(2 min.) 4I52-91n or com. to 8regl. 201, 
Merc (1/6) 
Puke .nd P.p., .h.1I neckllc .. from 
HlwllI$12. $210. N.ncy Argo 328. (6/6) 
VW t l,.. (5.10 X 151 - Excall.nt con-
dit ion. 2 ply B.F. Goodrich. U •• d •• 
.p.,. for 500 mil .. - .'0. St.v. 4152-1371 
(If I ) 

Mig. wheel. & t lr.. mult .eli. Two 
1.IX15 wh .. l. for Chev. w / Po.ltrectlon 
tlr.. • $46. Two 7X14 wh .. l, for TR-4 
w/GoodYHr Poly.I ... tlr .. - ... c -
'IIfn or X·21572. (If I) 

Corner Soft Group -.20. Two .of. ch.lfI 
- \1 • . Mu.t •• 11. Anne4l2·I221.ftlrS. 

Rol n. Ston .. Tick ... for l .A. Forum 
.:~.OO. C.II Bob. let. night •• mornln •• 
n-lao. 

I 
V100LENSACK 4100 . top of the lin. 
c...e.n. deck. dolbeylzed. prllmp. 
bill tlfur walllut ..... -IftOkf4li duet· 
c )vlr. .... orig. COlt. .1IO/offer C -
"" TIm ev .. /or m_ ••. 

" 3 Chevy V.n. .xcellent condition. 
c J mlzed •• .000 ml .. t2IOO. 212-1274. 

Ste the Rollin. Ston.. et the L.A. 
F~nlm - Good lilt • . 4152-101'. 

Obi. bed .nd d,...., w I mirror, 80th 
$40.~. 

CHEVY IMPALA 63-v.ry good con-
dition - " .000 mil .. - Il00 • · 413-3311. 

For Jel.: Cute puppl ••• f.m.l .. only. 
t2ID with . hou. ~ S. hu.key. ~ t imber 
wolf. 1 wk. Old. 4&2-"'7 .fter2 p.m. 

.......... ,. .-... .... II" c.-.. 

..... • cw..o M .... _ TIIft 
--'II1II 

. ,.,. T ..... CONIIo A ....... July 1. 
."or ........... __ 1Iwty1llll 1. mm_ T ............. 1VI¥I1Ir T4,. 
pIuo"'" for ............... M. ..... 
~_.J ............ E ___ 
I .. ltl 

YW -.Ine. • lip; r.bu.. wi _ 
--. ringe. OIm. _,..... I ...... 
meln It rod beIrInga. clutch. ¥live 
.ulclea. 1--' contrf_ cIot.. chrom •• 
Into , ........ nd .......... AU reaelpte. 
CemuUy melntonod AIIO stock • ItoIt 
whMIe.nd tI,... Iv ...... It'- m.k. 
offera. JoIIn"_ .. 12. "'" 

CONCO .. D MK-1X Dolly c..... deck 
with mlxl", IoveI oontroIe .nd micro-
.. P ...... One .,Mr old. tMO. _-2111 
or ......... _1I1t1 

Recllnln. chelr. DlnI", "oom T.ble. 
d,....,. bed. etc. Rill Chaap.'--. 

BA .. GAIN 1174 YW Bu. only 7.000 
ml.... AM-FM ~ rIdIo. Laevln. 
count,.,. tZ.a. Contact Leny ~ 
_lne.I"") 
HARVA .. D CLASSIC. ..t of ' ., 
volum .. printed 1~1"4 In .ood 
condition .100_00m.1101. 11IIIt1 

T.nnl. R.qult. 4 15/1" IIlIht Dunlep 
Altral. Fred Perv Out. $20"'" 
Returnlnll Dorm Stud.nt.: 5 Cu. ft. 
R.frl •• retor (Dorm .Iz.). .. or be.! 
off.,. S .. Stev.ln Argo 117. (II') 

1171 Pinto 1100 cc • .pd. M.... t.p. 
deck. Itc. V.ry good condo .'200. Ro .. 
412-.' 1111) • 
3/4 ton truck. Ro.l. I. YOUfl for .700. 
Bili COII.n. 413-4100 X _ or " -" . • 

Body.lov. Spldeflult. for P.rIOn 5'10" 
110. GrHt condition. U.ed .bout 5 
tim ... MO.OO Butch. 4152-1"2. 

100cc Honde Cl100 Motorcycl • . Mult 
lIiI. Exc.lI.nt Condition. 716-7111. 

SWIMSUITS - Creal-Rondln. HHlth-
w • ., • . Volt m.d. & med. lerg •. An fin. 
.3.&0. p.lr. 4114-1023. 

NI.hlkl 10 .pd. touring blcycl • . Doubl. 
bun.d frem • . • 11 .lIoy compon.nta. 23 
lb... m.dlum .Iz. fram • . 
.,40/ rellon.bl. off.,. D.n 4152-17111. 

ROLLING STONES TICKETS· I' m 
Uklng the bnt offer. Good lilt. In 
log •• ectlonl 412-1. for more Info. 

Scube t.nk w/ beckPick. underweter 
•• konlc light mit.,. nev., u.ed. Beet 
off.,. Lerry 4I4-t7II or .... _ . Iliv. 
m ...... . 

Vemekl D.lux.12 Itrlng lIulter - " . Bill 
27 ....... or ~ Iliv. m .... II.II/.) 
,. Buick Wildcat. Mint condition MOO 
or b.1t off.r. Power window • • brak ••• 
. t .. rlng. ..eU. Devld 4Il1-0171 .v ••. 
(1/1) 

Double b.d - .25; 2 pl.c. couch .20; 4 
d,.w.r dre •• ., ch •• t $25; .tud., d •• k 
$25; coff •• t.bl. $6; book.h.lf .3. 461-
1482 Ifter 7 p.m. (1161 
Mu st .ell '73 Mercury Cougar. 
Autom.tic w ith AM/ FM .nd .tereo 
cell.tt • . Air condition.d. M.k. offer. 
Contect Greg 462-9047. (1/61 

housing !] 
(M)Rmmt. needed June 11i - Sept. 11i (or 
.n., .pan b.twlln). Writ. D.vld T. 3110 
Apt. E VI. Allcent • • W 12037. (l.J .V. JI 
(1111 

NEED PLACE TO LIVE SUMMEIt. P.B. 
or South. K.thy 4112-1311 (III) 

Roomm.t. W.nt.d O.n ••••• 
HIghllnd. townhoull. own room -
pool -qul.t n.lghborhood-.. 7 .S0 
/ month. c.n mov.ln June 1-10. 4I3-a77 
'VII. J.rry or Geoff (II') 

Need roomm.t. for next f.lI. 1.2 or 3 
PlOple to ah.re le Jot .. Vii .... 'Plrt-
m.nt M or F. Paul. 413-",0 1111) 

Roomm.t. w.nted to .here furnl.hed 3 
belrm hou .. In quilt P.B. nei.hborflood. 
O.,den on the k_ of thl.ode. Non-
.moker • • no pet • . .,OO It 1/3 utilltl .. or 
.,110 & 1/2 utllltl ... Jun. 1 • . BIII .. 7.,. 
ev.nlng • . (1/.) 

Hou •• m.t. w.nted. M or F. Privet. 
room. Prlv.t. .ntreno.. Houll nllr 
bey. .. mo. :rrn Rlvl.,. Dr. P.clflc 
8l1ch. 

Triton Tim .. 

W ..... ...., ....................... ... 
on"" It. .. ArtIe MIlt yr. _ ... I __ 
_my ......... ' .. I1 ......... ... 
............ G .. ...... 

Z Ir CoMo. Unfur ............. .... 
Allnew ................ ""-_ 
m-rM7 ...... M ... 

aum...., R ....... fum. ..... On ..... 
In M.I .• "0 ................ 2J1.1iM7. 

w. need • cool paraon to .... two 
bedroom ho_ln 0 .. Mar . .......... ntI 
O.K . ••. .,-_. Mlk. or J_ . 

"oommet ... to .... Clalramont 
du ..... Own _. 7 nil UCID. Wllklnl 
diet. to ahoppI .... .-Jmo pIuo utIt. _ 
It WMk ..... Z7Z·1.L.,netta.1III1 

F Rmt needed for 71-11 echooI ~. 
H_ In 011 Mer on boICh. Leu"'" 
_. "repIeoo. mo . ..... Naomi 
or Iaave name • _ . 

F. roommlltl needed for July 1 • own rm 
In .. ,.. 2 bdrm. PI apt. .77/mo • utII. 
...... -.-."'" 

N ..... room for eum_7 ........ __ 
amok., needed to .... IIG room In 
au..., hoUII In IoIane 1hIoh. 1 block 
from beech. ''''''. Food. oruIeer. _ 
mo. 711·.". Anna or Lorr.ln • . 
AYII .. ble June 1 •. 1111) 

FOR RENT 
bedroom In Enclnltla houlI: .ppro. 
./month thru aum_ .nd beyond. 
f.nced y.rd, _Ikln. dll1lnc. to 
Moonll.ht bMch. food CO-OP. & the 
C'Ptlln·e. Pool. -.-7111.) 

FOR RENT 
1. pOHIbly 2 bedroom. In houll on Ith 
It 0.1 Mer . • ppro ... "'/month IICh 
thru .umm., end beyond. 'mall y.rd 
• nd lockln. Ito,. ••• privltl lIIt,.nc • • 
kitchen vi_ of oelln. 75 .. 111t1 

w.nted: F.m.I.. non-.mok., to ahare 
room in 2 bdr. le Jolla M ... El1ItII 
condo. For the .ummer only . ..,.215 • 
month . • fter7 p.m. D.ne. 4152-1.,1i 11111 

I'm looking for own room, pref.rably In 
Oan_ HIgh .. nd.. for .ummer .nd 
next .,Hr. I'm m.ture • • non-.mok.,. 
.nd .m _y to g.t ~Iong with. Stev •• 
4152-l13li. 

Jun. 20 - Augult 4. 2 bedroom It M_ 
Apartm.ntl .1i0/month/p.r.on . 
Blll/Paychology IIdg 4127. IIiVI not •. 

N.... • third In Solena 'Plrlment for 
aummer. M or F .• ,.. pete m.ybe. pool. 
nllr treck. low-key. Clro17llli-l4lO. 

F.m.l. rmt. _nted for l-belrrn .... LJ. 
Av.1I 1/115 . • '1I/mo 1/3 util. (lev. t : 
w.lk to c.mpu.; lunch .t homel .-3-
3117. 

Big Studio In La Jolla - 1 • . mo util. PO .. 
Fuml.hed. June thru Aug. Rich Revelil 
...... nit .. or D,.m. Dept. xm1 
dly • . 

Roomm.t. for 0.1 Mer Apt. Need Jun. 
11i or 100ner. Rob 715-4354. 

VI.ltlng Scl.ntlet ••• ke furnl.h.d 
hou •• nllr UCSD. Jun. 11i -- July 1 •. 
Two .dults. thrll children. Exc.llent 
r.fer.nc •• 4152-3730. w •• kd.y • . 11111 

Roommet. w.nted to .her. 3-bedroom 
hou •• in MIni M.... Own bedroom. 
pool. yerd. Summer .nd or fall. ~. 
271-1317. 

F.m.l. to eh.,. bllutlful old Vlctori.n 
hou •• In Del Mer with 3-4 othen . • ,00-
1215. D.bbl.4152-3'.IMornlng.) 

F.m.l. Roommlt .. needed. 'tIt. "11. 
lerg. Apt. June 14-Sept. 1. 1_ thin 
"/month & utll. LI ... -".,. (1111 
Share IIrgo 'plClou. hou.. In SolIna 
Blloh thl •• umm.r. Own room; nOn· 
• moker. pili... Av.l .. bl. now. .,20 
month. ~ utllltl ... 411-1712 (1111 

GOing on IIbbetiCll to l.real7 To ..... 
cozY 2 bedroom complltlly fuml.had 
'Plrtment In Jeruillem. 1-2 y ..... 
.'IiO/month. Includ.. .a. fin ••• 
wllhlng mechlne. d ....... bedding. ber. 
on bu. route. CION to CIfttIr. 
Unlvera!ty. H.ddi .. lI. COn1lct leu",. 
X-D1 or _I"" m.3DI.1'") 

Int.,_ed In allIIn. Chennei 1.lande 
thl. eummer? AbOird .... lIIng .Ioop. 
Scube dlv • . lend rwume ()f all,. J .T. 
P.O.lox 471 Oc_"-,de • .caIN. 12014 
IIItI 

Need rid. to Seer.mento. June 11i. Will 
Ply for g_. Dick 4112·" • . 11/11 

I dMPerataly need .ood complet. 
I.ctur. not .. for Cohln·. Humenltl .. 7 
.nd Firt .. •• Dev.lopmental 110 thle 
qu.rter. C.II P.ul __ 1f77 11111 

A..-...,-* .............. ...... 
........... 11.",.. Aloe .... .... 
__ ...... CellLeII .. ~ ... 

"'DIll WANTID· T. ~ ...... 11-
........................ ,., .... 
...... M ... __ _ 

M ..... ., ... ,..,..... -..-"'...., ..... 
II. II. J ....... ~ II1II 

,.... ..... FllftlnIot Grad ....... _ .... 
for tnIveI ........ nIon. ~ • .....,. CA. 
MIX. or' NIdI .... -'-II1II 

Petition Clrculltor. ful or ... rI time 
muot be ........ voter or • and 
wIIlne to bIGoma r .......... Cell ~ 
11771""1 

Are .,ou IIIlIng 110. II tIXt LIfe on 
1Irth71'1I buy It. _.J17Z ovenInIIlIIII 
.. IOERI WANTED: L • ."ln. for 
.... mento .... Iat-lun-Juna 7'" 
Need ...... to .... drtvInI .... 
....... NIck • ..,. 

.. Ider _ntId. ..... *"""t ..... _ 
~ f.,. for o.trott viii ChIGIIo. Jay 
.. -. 
Rldar _ntad to bet eo..t .round July 
1et. IM,.....- and drtvIne • email. 
ItIndlrd IIhIft _. And,.ltaIn, Dept. of 
Sociology X-I72ID. If not ...... '-v. 
m-... 

w. a,. looking for Ic ... .,. to borrow 
or ~ from June ~July 21_ Bill or Jon 
Ix2l73L 

Need _ rider to t~1I wltll m. to I.y 
A"'.Lllv. SlIt nlt.f.14. Mult not hive 
too much junk .•. IOC7. Pit., . 
Ooln. to Slin .... t. July - need one 
rider to .hlre .lQIInIOI/drivin • . Mike 
""'.(111111 
• or. EI C.mlno (Mellbu) 327 or _ VI 
Feet Air. It .ny other .xt,.. if IIOMibli. 
Tom 211-zo.lIlIl 

Anyon. going ecro..- country over the 
.ummer? Ken 752210. 11111 

Ride needed lliving on the Sat. or lun. 
.ft., final. WMk to the Ba., A_ 
100klendl. Will ehl,. drlvln. It .... 
Judi .-fIJI. 
I need an •• ~ ... ElIAlLE RUbe 
diver who will worII for uCII'-t 
w .... PlrI-tlme over .umm., .nd nut 
f.lI. I will pnwldl tI"" •• nd elr. Work .. 
hull cleanln. on boatI In $haItar leland. 
Lerry. ...·.711 .v.nln.. or I •• v. 
mOlAl' with Aquetoglc • ...-. 

10-1P11d bicycle In .ood "'nnlne 
condition. Under • . G.yIe 7aeM7 
(1111 

W.nt to buy • new Europeen c.r 
chl.p? I' m aolno .broed .nd will buy 
end .hlp elr ov., for you In .xchlng. 
for • f_ WOlke UII. Con.ld.,.bll 
.. vi",. over US pricee. C.lIlIn at 412-
"7. (111) I 

TYPISTS: IBM·Term p.per/· 
th.ele/dl.llrt.tlone/etc. EdIting/RUSH 
JOBS/Xerox. Andl: 4I3-0IIiI (III) 

YARD .nd GROUNDS .iMc .. Ex-
t.n.lv. CLEAN-UP. lieu ling. Ex".rI tret 
trim. 'prune .nd remov.1. DIOOING AI 
m-3li2O (III) 

FULLER BRUSH Boer lriltt. H.lr· 
bru...... For Ful"r B",.h Sllrvlce .... 
_ or, __ 7371 (1/11 

Sev. you,"" eome mo.....,) I'll ........ 
your mo,orcycl •• nd tllCh yOU h_ to 
do It while I do It. G,... m·1IIZ lifter I 
pm Iliv. m ....... I .. /1I 

RESEARCH AID. - North Am.,IOI·a 
lergMt .. rvJCI. For C1t1I01ue .. nd t2 
to: E ... y "nl-. 17 .... tlne _ •• 
Toronto. Ontario. C.n.de. AI ••• 
c.mpu. ropr ••• ntltlv" r".Ir .... 
PlIIII_ltI . ....... 11III " 

Summer wortc bHk het. 11m .a.. 
·C.II....., . ..,.· . 

TYPING-MA .. ILYN would HII. to tv ... 
your PlPIr. t....... ate. tho II ... 
perilnced on ell typN of PI ... "'. f-. 
,...oneble end hili • OOrrectl'" 11M. 
P!_ 0111 her It __ lIID. 1..,., 

" LET OU.. "NGERa DO YOUR 
TYPING I" DOCTORATU .... . 
MANUacRlPT . ...... 

THEIE. laM 1.I.ct,lo II 
Corr.ctln. Typ.wrlt.,. Num.,ou. 
T.,.,... Cempue pIck·up. DOUau·D 
AIIOCIATE • ..., Dorle 1I11III 

HAIRCUTa .. ....... " • 
.......... l1li .., .... c.II ........ ~ ..._ .... ".. ... 

TtNT ...... __ .... -. 
CIIII .......... __ 

HANDW ... TlN. AIllALV ... OLA .. . 
1 ......... 11 In ............ ....... 
.,...... . .,.., .............. ..... 
.......... '.WMk ...... _ Anna,. 
,... ...... 

IwfI .... "..,_..-_.-__ 
........ ChIoIIe. DIItver ...... yert&. 
............. Laeve ",---.., ..... 
...... II1II 

lYPIfIIG. n-. .......... _ 
~""''' ...... CeII''-_ ].a 
Den'1 .... wItIa It! ............. . 
....... ........, ...... ......... 
.......too. M.o·4I1.-. 

,;.. ' :":' ;. '. 
'" l "'1:_ i~.( ... ~.: .. l.~f:, . 

HELPI Loot In HL MIl May .... : Z ... ,.. 
notabooka - one blue .nd one w/~ c_ .nd ._ ......... Cell Deb · 75 
... 

LOST · M.n· •• oId wri~ and """ 
achool rine. loft et Le Jol .. v-.. Apt. 
Jecunl . .. EWA .. DIt .... 

• LOST In girl'. gym. ledIoI 0mII0 
_mat., wetcll. IontImentII VIIfue. 
DII""'''_rd 

LOIT: 1 Feme .. Golden Retralvor from 
front of Clulter Ub,.,., . .....,. 

loet - tin .-tor Thureclay ..... noon 
on roed from M..__. Ce ..... to 
IcrIppe Hoep/1II_ UndII ........ 1IItt 

· CHARTER FliGHTa TO EUROPI. 
IlRAIl ORIENT. L_ pftcaI • IontI and 
.hart fll.llta. limit", .p •••. 
PFIOf'E"'ONS INrERNAnONAL 
Wootwood I ..... LA ... 12111 m.em 

. 01'477·1112 1111) 

EUAOPE-IS .. AEl-AFRICA-ORIENT &AIW 
00lt filllhtl. toura. the whole atucIant' 
bit. At eMIr offIOI _ 2110 FRiE ...... 
commerclel PllftPhIoti. brocIwiw. ...... 
bucka .. vi"" EITC .10 W. Itath. IuIta 
311 LA. 1OD14·ql3I1ZI-., 1l1l/I1 

EU .. OPE-II"-:AL·AF .. ,CA 
fi ...... Yllr round. Con1IcIt: 
ileA 
'1117 lin Vlc.nte Blvd. No.4 
LA. CIIN. " . 
Tel: (2131-'-."'-1"'" 

· CIIe,..r It Rlluler .Irllne thIII .... PiIOM 
....,. UnIverWty Traval 2M1 Avo. De 
La P"y •• le Jolla. Ce ..... ,.,. 

EU .. OPE It TAHln CHARTE ... mLL 
OPEN - saw Travel Offtce. On ea....... 
1m'1 ltuclont ID. Eu,.U. TrIIIPInI. eta . 
ucao IntImItI_1 Center ...... 
n ..... m Mon. Wad. ". • 1om-1pm 
T ..... Tllura.11II1IJ 

'E~TH AMERICA • ClALAPAGc. 
l.ua 2-4 Month ........... Iow-cIeIt 
Iroollur.: NEWWORLD 
EDUCATIONAL TRIPI P.O. 10. am 
.... _.Ca.~ 

Itudanta rwtumlnl ....... for veMIIen 
- now .......... PIIIdnI .. 
............... .., ...... tlleAlMrlaln 
Airlift .. ""yin. , ...... 11.,." .... 
k_n .. tIIe"r ....... It II ... 
.................. _--- ... 
............... on ............ .-. Cell ~ AIrIMI ,....... __ 
It .... for........... .-
to ... yeu, ................ 


