
Brown Issues State Budget; 
Is 4.3 % Jump from '74- '75 

Regents Meet Tomorrow, 
Friday; Brown Expected 

by John H. Taylor 
The new governor wi II attend 

his first meeting as President of 
the Un ivers ity of Ca I iforn ia 
Regents Friday. 

Th meeting will be proceeded 
today b a meeting of the 
Regent' pecial Committee on 
Reorganization, appointed by 
President H itch to consider the 
possibility of appointing faculty 
and stud nt members to the 
Boa rd of Regents. 

Governor Brown 

Budget Presentation 
Brown's appearance Friday 

follows the release of his version 
of the UC budget, which he 
pre en ted to the legislature at the 
end of last week. The budget 
reflects to a significant extent the 
fruga lity Brown promi ed in his 
ampaign (see story, this page) . 
According to the Chancellor, 

th major UC San Di go-related 
Item of the agenda for Thursday' 
reg ntal ommittee meetings and 
r riday' g neral ses ion is the 
exp cted approval ot turnkey 
(ontra ts for U D's new marri d 
~tudents' housing 

M Elroy aid he is pleased with 
th(' designs that have been 

~ubmitted "T here wa v ry 

competitive bidding on the 
project-what would normally 
cost $12,000 per student to design 
and build will cost only 55,000 
with the turnkey method," he 
said. 

In turnkey bidding, contractors 
present both plans and con-
struction bids for units of a size 
and nature specified by the 
school. Normally, the school 
would allow contractors to bid on 
plans already prepared by 
University-commissioned ar-
hitects. 
McElroy said he expected that 

a contract would be approved at 
the meeting Friday with Mabie 
and Mintz, Inc., a San Diego firm . 

Reorganization 
The reorganization for possible 

student and faculty r gents was 
facilitat d by Proposition 4, 
approved by the voters in 
November . The proposition 
allowed, but did not compel, the 
board to. choose student and 
faculty members, but student 
leaders here and at other UC 
campuses have said the Regents 
will have difficulty avoiding 
making the appointments . 

Regent Dewitt Higgs, a member 
of the regents and chairman of 
the Committee on Reorgani zation 
and senior member of a San 
Diego law firm, told the Triton 
Times ye terday that he did not 
exp ct his committee to make a 
recommendation to the board on 
Friday concernin g the ap-
pointments . He said the com-
mitt e will meet Wednesday to 
hear presentations from student, 
faculty, and alumni groups, and 
m et at I ast once lat r this 
month or early in r bruary to 
make a recommendation at the 
r ebruary 14 meeting of the 
Regents in San Francisco. 

H added, "We have not 
discussed the matter ei ther a a 
group or as individuals I can't t II 
you wh re any of the members 
tand on it, or even where I 

stand ." 

UC Allocation Is 
99.2 Percent of 

Regents' Request 
Governor Brown unveiled a 

" no-nonsense" 511.3 billion state 
spending package last Friday for 
the 1975-76 fiscal year, an in-
crease of 4.3 percent over last 
year's Reagan budget. The budget 
represents good news for state 
employees, welfare recipients, 
MediCal recipients, and the 
University of California . 

Brown is proposing an 8.5 
percent across the board pay raise 
for all state employees. The 
budget also includes a $162.4 
million cost-of-living increase for 
welfare recipients to meet rising 
inflation. An extra $92 .3 million 
allocation is included for MediCal 
recipients, with an additional $98 
million for environmental 
protection . 

Brown described allocations in 
these areas as "truly needed ." 

Slight Increase 
The $11 .3 billion budget is up 

only 5.9 percent from current 
spending which i substantially 
below the 108 percent increase 
in the consumer price Index, and 
well below lhe 12.2 percent 
annual budget growth . 

Brown is proposing a spending 
package for the University of 
California of $583 .5 million, an 
increase of 14 percent over last 
year 's Reagan budget. The 
Regents had proposed a $588.2 
million budget last October; 
Brown's figure is 99.2 percent of 
the UC's request. The elimination 
of Subject A fees, a $1 .1 million 
state incease for EOP, and the 
elimination of the Extended 
University, highlight Brown's 
proposals . 

The Governor's budget in-
cludes $208,000 to defer the cost 
of administering ubject A, 
as essed at $45 per tudent. At 
some campuses over 50 percent 
of all incoming rreshman must 
take the cour e, and the Regents 
decided to a k for tate funds at 
their October meting. 

EOP 
r or the first time, the budget 

proposes state funds for th EOP 
program at $1 .1 millipn. This 

Continued on Page 7 

Counseling Service Lists 
Programs For Winter 

by Rich Yep 

During the winter quarter, UC 
San Diego' s Counseling and 
Psychological Services will offer 
several programs to help students 
learn about themselves through 
group and individual interaction . 

also find that some of these 
students aren't able to Interact 
the way they's like to, and aren't 
able to approach people." 

For these, and other interested 
students, Pates will lead a SOCial 
Skills group which begins January 

Hugh Pates 
As always, individual coun-

se ling to students who are ex-
periencing academic , in -
terpersonal, sexual, drug, or 
social problems ar encouraged 
to talk with a counselor. "Often 
times these Situations have a 
severity that interferes with 
academic progress ," commented 
Dr. Hugh Pates, counselor at 
Revelle. 

"Our main concern is to allow 
an individual to have the best 
academic experience he can . I 
also believe, though , that college 
is for a wide variety of ex-
periences, socially, emotionally, 
and academically." 

Group Meetings 
In order for a student to seek 

information, and to have an 
outlet for his or her concerns, the 
following groups will be meeting 
this quarter on campus : 

Dr. Robert Kavanaugh will 
develop a group to explore 
personalities by teaching in-
dividual ocial skills that are 
effective in relationship This 
group will meet at Revelle, while 
Dr. Ronald lane conducts a 
similar group at Muir 

"Often I find a student on 
campus who is very bright, and 
come from a very strong 
academic tradition However, I 

21 at 12 noon, for five weeks 
Dr Dave flanaghan , along with 

Pates, will be leadlOg thiS IOten e 
Continuec on Page 3 

Search For 
Gulfs trea m 
Halted 

The Coast Guard has called off 
its search for the research vessel 
Gulfstream, which has be n 
missing off ew England With a 
Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography researcher aboard 

John Wayne HIli , who obtatned 
hiS MA In oceanograph from 510 
in 1973, has worked for cnpp 
since July of that year He wa 
aboard the Gulfstream a a 
representative of CriPPS 10 a 
NORPA weather re ear ch 
project. The Gulf tream crew 
con Isting of Hill and four other 
were recording data from v. ather 
bouy 

The ship wa h duled to 
return to port at Boothba , Main 
eight day ago and wa reported 
mi ing Tue day One bod and a 
life rln,g from the hip v.ere found 
lasl Thur day Regent Simon Named 

In $5.5 Million Idol Slf,it McElroy is AAAS President-elect 
lOS ANGELES (UPI) - A religious idol allegedly stolen from India has 

b come a plaintiff in a 55 .5-million suit to wrest it away from 
millionaire industrialist, U C Regent, and art collector Norton Simon. 

The complaint, filed by the American Civil liberties Ur:'ion against 
imon, asks return of the idol or $5.5 million if it is not returned . The 
~ uit origina lly asked for $2.5 million in lieu of the idol. 

1 he suit contends Simon knew the idol had been stolen when he 
bought it for $1 million in 1973 from a New York art dealer. 

Preposterous 
"The whole thing on the 'Part of the Indian government is rather 

pr posterous," Simon said "The piece was in a private collection in 
Bombay for years, .. it was shown to government official, there is 
printed literature describing it.. and all these years they did nothing " 

However, the collector said he would return th Idol if th ourt 
rul('d against him " If they can provf.> their title, they'll get It ba k," hf' 
'aid, "but th(> idol wa purchasE'd With d warranty from a Npw York 
d!'aIN" 

Chancellor McElroy has been 
elected President-elect of the 
American Academy for the 
Advancement of cience 
(AAAS), effective at the 
beginning of this month . 

The election, which polled 
the 100,000 AAAS members, set 
McElroy again t Lewi M . 
Branscomb, former director of 
the Natiol,al Bureau of tan-
dards and now vice-pre ident 
and chief scienti t of the In-
ternational Busine Machine 

orporation 
M [Iroy' el tion will not 

affect hI Job a han ellor at 
U an Diego 

3-Ye~r Job 
On piE' ted, the Pr Ident 

('I<'tl ~ rve, as u h lor on y ar, 
h('(omlOl; Prp~ldent 10 January 

of 1976, and Retiring president and the outgoing PreSident 
in 1977. Th urrent Pre ident I physici t Roger Revelle, for 
anthropologi t Margar t Mead, whom UC D' olde t college I 

Chana/lor Afcl;lro) 

nam d 
MElroy' dutle a Pre Id nt-

elect IOclud chairing the AA 
Commltt Off oun tI ffalf , 
which, according to a 
poke per on In the Chan -

cellor' offl e, m et two of 
lhre tlm~ a y ar for on day 
He WI It "I 0 prf> Ide over th 
A A ' .nnual conf renc 

The hanc 1I0r aid h 

In nomination b au 
fe lin' that one who 
(ontributlOn hould " 

f Igurf.> d to total vote a t 
In th(' ·1 (lion, and breakdown, 
r> r (andldale, ar n t rei 'a\ed 
b offl lill 



U"sig",tI ,tliloria/s 
,.,pr,s",' I.. ~O"S",sflS 0/ 
opi"io" of Ih, Trito" Ti""s 
Etliloritl/ hotmJ, whid ~o"sisls 
0/ MllkO/", 5",ilh, &Iilor; 
Etlwartl 5i",0"s, Ma"agi"g 
Etlilor; Joh" Tay/or, Cily 
Etlilor; Jo"i Mootly, Copy 
EtIiIor; La,." D,~le/, Arts 
Etlilor; a"tI Charles H,i"'/,r, 
EtliJoritl/ Dir'~/or. 

Two New Bright Spots 
The beginning of the winter quarter has seen two new 

publications on campus -Helicon, a poetry journal released at the 
end of last 'quarter, and Ujima, a revitalIzed publication of the 
Black Students' Union. Both these jo~rnals are welcome additions 
to UC San DieBo' s previously incomplete list of media attractions. 

Helicon, edited by a group of five students who worked most of 
last quarter collecting and screening work by school and area 
poets, fills a void in the campus literary scene that has existed too 
long. Helicon has shown the community, above all, that there is a 
storehouse of literary talent at a campus tha· is often shrugged off 
as a sterile, science dominated school. We hope, however, that 
economic realitites will allow Helicon to expand into prose and 
essay form presentations. 

The current Ujima, the second publication so far this year of the 
BSU newspaper, shows a clarity of purpose and of presentation 
that is remarkable for such a young endeavor. The makeup is 
dynamic, the writing showing a marked improvement over the fttSt 
issue, presumably as the editors become more experienced. The 
most unique feature of the newspaper is its presentation of 
research papers by students of varIous aspects of black ex-
perience-.amonf them music, politics, and sociology-.-that allows 
Ujima a kind 0 depth of coverage not often found in the J?rint 
media. Ujima, at so young an age, has already become a unified 
voice for the black studeilts ofUCSD. 

Letters 

Towne Center Inaccu racies 
The article (Triton Times Jan. 8) on the proposed University Towne 

Center contained some blatant inaccuracies about the project and 
about my position . Because very few UCSD students, faculty, and 
staff seemed to be aware of the project, I'm glad the story was 
printed, but I had hoped for more careful reporting of the facts. For 
example, the headline said that the Towne Center was up before the 
City Council ; actually, it was being considered by the Planning 
Commission (as mentioned in the text). You also distorted the size of 
the original and the revised Towne Center. The first plan proposed by 
Hahn over a year ago contained 3 major department stores, not 5 as 
you stated, whereas the current proposal is for 2 department stores, 
less than 50 shops, and 15(}'175 units of expensive housing. The 
Towne Center would be located on the southwest corner of Genesee 
and La Jolla Village Drive (not the northwest corner) and would not 
be ready for occupancy until 1976. I n addition the crash hazard from 
Miramar NAS is classified as " limited" to "moderate" not " high 
probability" although this is still a strong argument against the 
development. It is unfortunate that the article contained so many 
inaccuracies because they limit your credibility . I was glad to see that 
most of these errors were corrected in the story about the proposal's 
defeat by the Planning Commission (jan . 10). 

I must also take a strong exception to a quote that you attribute to 
me: " In the planning, there's been no concern for the students, staff 
or faculty. In fact they've never been consulted." I never said that, 
and the statement is completely false. Some faculty and students 
have been active members of a Task Force which has worked with the 
Plann ing Office and the developer to make the proposal more 
compatible with the concept of a town center put forth in the UCSD 
Commun ity Plan . Clearly, the revised proposal has been greatly 
improved by their efforts, but I do beli~ve that they should have tried 
to directly consult the entire UCSD community with some sort of poll 
or referendum on this issue. Quite frankly, I don't believe that the 
UCSD administration's approval of the project would be supported in 
such a referendum. Although I arn.strongly opposed to the project in 
its present form , I was dismayed to find these inaccuracies and 
misquotes in your articles. I hope you will publish this letter to clarify 
my position 

RICK BOWERS 
GRADUATE STUDENT INTERN, 

OFFICE OF GRADUATE STUDIES AND RESEARCH 

Special note: The article titled " It's Not the Meat, But the Motion" 
wh ich appeared in last Friday's Triton Times, was written by Charles 
Heimler. The byline was left out through a production error. 

MMco/m A I Smhh. Editor Klrle Robinson, Sports Edhor 
EdwMd : . Simons, Me""lIlnll Edlfor TN s-r" ""oto Edhor 
John H. T#IV"'r. Cit'( Edhor V.,.". Ol,erd 
Jonl Moody. Copy Edho, Dev/d C.,,'dy 
a..rlft Heiml.. EdltorM! Director Merle Woe/".,. 

'ANYON I eMI TO GIYI AGAIN TO YlITNAM • t' 

On the Legitimacy of Student Activism 
BY LINCOLN CUSHING 

With Rockefeller as Vice-PreSident, it is clear big 
business and big government no longer consider it 
necessary to mask their interdependence. America 
is entering a period of severe economic turbulence, 
of survival consciousness where all energy is 
directed toward the goal of just making enough 
money for food and housing. Yet it is precisely at 
this time that sincere efforts must be made on a 
personal and group level to better understand the 
present situation and to take steps toward social 
change. Students have a unique potential role to 
play in the elevation of consciousness necessary for 
accomplishing meaningful social improvement, 
simply because their role in society is less struc-
turally elitist thanit has ever been before. 

It is essential to realize that universities are not 
what they used to be . Before the present age, higher 
education was primarily for the edification of the 
elite. At the end of the 19th century, however, 
curricula and structure of higher education was 
strongly influenced by the advent of foundation 
support . The institutions which received foun-
dation funds survived; the others struggled and 
died. Foundation support was very selective - from 
1902 to 1934 only 20 institutions received more 
than 73 percent of funds disbursed by the leading 
foundations (Carnegie, Rockefeller, etc.). These 
"gifts" were not entirely philanthropic; the 
" captains of industry" who were handing out the 
money were in need of highly trained technicians 
and scientists to expand the horizons of capitalist 
economic grown . 

After the second World War another major 
change occurred in higher education - subsidy of 
education by the State. Beginning with the G. I . Bill 
of 1946, much of the economic burden of training 
skilled manpower was shifted from corporations to 
state and federal tax dollars. Continued corporate 
control over the growth and direction of learning in 
institutions was neatly effected by such 
mechanisms as family endowments, foundation 
gifts, grants, and primarily through service on the 
board of trustees. 

The nature of the institution has also changed 
dramatically. As an advanced industrial society, 
economic demands for large numbers of highly 
trained profeSSional and technical workers have 
been met through a vast expansion of the 
educational system . 

Curricula has been altered considerably from the 
original presentation of a " well -balanced 
education ." Disciplines which are technology 
oriented are economically and politically en-
couraged, at the expense of other fields of inquiry . 
For example, of S16 billion distributed to univer-
sities in 1969 by the Federal government, 60 per 
cent went to physical, environmental, and 
engineering sciences, 30 per cent went to the life 

sciences, and of the remaining 10 per cent , 3 per 
cent went to social sciences. On the same vein, 
the U .c. Academic Master Plan for 1969-1975 calls 
for "increased allocations and enrollments in the 
natural and phYSical sciences and for diminished 
allocations and enrollments in the humanities and 
social sciences . . ." even though the ' Regents 
acknowledge the fact that "in the past five years 
enrollment in the social sciences has increased 200 
per cent, while in the natural and physical sciences 
the figures have dropped or remained the same." 

College attendance has increased - presently 50 
per cent of the 18-21 year old age group in the 
United States attends some institute of higher 
education. Perhaps most importantly, expectations 
have changed . Twenty years ago, students were 
looking forward to futures such as small en-
trepreneurs, independent professionals, and upper-
level management. Now they are confronted with 
the probability of becoming employees in cor-
porate or government bureaucracies 

More and more, students are realizing they are 
only pawns, manipulated by the false promise of 
upward mobility, yet this is rarely translated into 
plans for altering their state of powerlessness. The 
success that educational institutions have with 
transforming potentially critical, conscious, and 
constructive people into alienated and submissive 
workers is phenomenal. The task that lies before us 
then is extremely difficult - to peel back all the 
years of being taught rather than learning, all the 
years of destructive competition, alienation, and 
impotence in determining one's own life, and to 
create an environment which restores the qualities 
of human dignity and self-determination to the 
process of education . 

The "academic freedom" available to students 
provides an excellent opportunity to develop a 
critical perspective; certainly the many con-
tradictions within the institution and the resources 
available present a rich environment for sharpening 
analytic thought as well as organizational skills . 
Students can begin to make more out of their 
university experience by becoming involved in 
some of the existing alternativ~ projects - the 
Student Coop, the Disorientation Manual, CAPE, 
the Communications Student Union, writing ar-
ticles for the campus newspapers, the Urban and -
Rural Studies 121 course, the Students Educational 
Change Center, the Women's Center, Page One, 
and others , Also vital is the creation of groups to 
tackle problems not yet dealt with, such as directed 
institutional research and proposal of student 
housing alternatives . But most important is a 
commitment on the part of everyone to criticize, 
study, and analyze their own social environment, 
for only then will progressive growth overcome the 
crippling effects of a survival consciousness . 

Suggested reading - On Learning and Social Change, Michael Rossman - Who Rules the Universities, 
David Smith -- After Deschooling, Whan, Ivan Iillich - GooIe-Itep, U. Sinclair - The Student as Niuer, 
Jerry Farber 

triton times 
ARTS WRITERS SECRETARIAL ASSISTANT PRODUCTION 

Cemille C.ces An_ LI.,., 
Jim Sltlpme" ~M"mud 
s.tav Chlmen. SPORTS WRITERS 
Robin Roncl ",111 W.llnw 

Riclr Rodeweld . Busi"e,.. Me"8I1B' Jemu O. Soto. Assoc. CIt'( Editor St..,. Esmedl"" Dew EI_ COPY READE". 

NEWS BOARD 
,.,. SfrIfMw 
"*nit uFo,.. 
o.w ".",,., 
Rk:h Y_ 

.,.~ 
0... #Neb 
DeIIItI ~ett 

"-~ 
urry 0«:"-1, Arts Ednor Ke,hv eo •• , s.crefery April HOII_ s.rt "-

Merle McC.r1Y, Confrlbutl"" Edho, Lorin Sphl. Dlrle SIM. M,.".". Mletw 

The T,iton Tlmn publ .. hn Mondey. W.d .... d.y . • nd F,ldey ••• n officially ,eco"nlzed .tudent _op.P.'. publl.hed by the UCSD Communlcetlon. B".,d. 
Fa, adv."i.lng, phone.z·,.. Fo, edlton.lancl _. ph_C·,.. 

Pale 2 Triton Times January lS, 1975 

I POLITICS: James G. Sotol Counseling Services ....... . 
CALPIRG Profiles: Superficial Continued from Pige 1 group which will meet four times a week, for people who have 

experienced a great success in 
one area, but feels a lack of 
knowledge, or a void in life 
somewhere. The objective of the 
group will be to restore a sense of 
direction and capability into the 

second workshop will be d 
conscience raising group. " Tht> 
purpose of this workshop is for 
women to become closer to each 
other, and to explore themselves 
in relation to a larger society , ThiS 
will be a non-threatening group 
meeting in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge," commented Scott , 

The California Public Interest 
Group CALPIRC has had a short 
but interesting life in San Diego. 
Their investigations of areas of 
consumer concern have often 
provided more than mere in-
formation. They have had 
practical applications . The 
outstanding CALPIRC project 
that comes to "mind is a survey of 

Oversights like these tend to 
aggravate the student of local 
political science and insure that 
the qualities of the profiles will 
quickly be overlooked. If the 
CALPIRC Political Profiles had 
applied some standard to their 
endeavors, I am quite sure that 
even those who despised their 
political philosophy would rally 

and Morris Udall. When it's all 
over, the Democrats should be 
able to offer any candidate, to 
any voter, of any political per-
suation, for any price. Meanwhile 
inOz ..... 

Former Minnesota Senator 
Eugene McCarthy has brought 
back from the dead his ambition 
to become President. Acclaimed 

student's life. 
"Many students are 

academically successful, but find 
themselves inept at social 
relations," said Pates. 

Ov.rsll/ht. Ilk. these tend to elll/revettl the 6tudent of 10CIII 
polhiCII end Insure thet the qUflIItI. of the profll_ will be 
ov.rlooked .... On. do.." 't heve to b. borlnl/ In Dfferlnll Insll/ht 
intD polhlelll In8tltut/ons. 

The Sex Clinic began last 
quarter and experienced such a 
success that Pates, along with Dr. 
Judith Jorgenson and a 
psychiatri'st will meet with 
students from three P.M . to five 
P.M . every Wednesday afternoon. 

Dr. Jacob Chavitz will be 
leading a group for people with a 
weight problem. The group will 
deal with the individual who 
would like to feel healthier and 
work with their weight in a more 
constructive way. The group will 
meet for eight sessions beginning 

Assertiveness will be the topic 
of the third workshop to be held 
on January 23 and 24 (check to be 
sure). Women will be helped to 
develop their assertiveness. Held 
in the Revelle Informal Lounge, 
Ms. Scott claims women will be 
taught, " to stand up for them-
selves, say no to unreasonable 
requests, and to more clearly 
communicate their needs and 
wishes." 

Conducted on January 25 and 
26, the final workshop is called 
TORI , (Trust, Other directedness, 
Responsiveness , and I n-
terdependedness) . This group wi ll 
explore role freedom and en-
joyment. It will help women 
enjoy themselves as a part of a 
larger supportive community . 
Meeting in the conference room 
at Matthews Campus, the 
workshop will be in the form of a 
non-structured, free group. 

prices in area food stores . I think 
it is fair to say that CALPIRG 
surveys have offered both the 
consumer and supermarkets a 
valuable service. However, not all 
the CALPIRC projects can be 
treated with such favor. 

Four months ago, CALPIRG 
released a series of political 
monographs on the big men in 
office in San Diego county. The 
so-called "Political Profiles" were 
designed to offer a broad range of 
information to the concerned 
citizen about his elected 
representative. While it would be 
unfair to comment on the Profiles 
this reporter did not read, it is 
clear that at least for the County 
Board of Supervisors, the profiles 
proved to be misleading and the 
information they contained 
superficial. 

This column did not cover the 
profiles befO.re the election 
because of the paucity of space 
allowed for election coverage. 
Reading the profiles after the 
election still could have been 
valuable to the citizen if they had 
delivered what they promised. 

The major complaint raised 
with the CALPIRG pieces is that 
they are disorganized and 
disoriented. It was obvious that 
any standards there may have 
been went the way of Harold 
Stassen . For example, the author 
of the piece on our own 
Supervisor, Lou Conde, spent 
considerable time discussing, in 
what appeared to be a fair and 
ample manner, the subject of pay 
raises for San Diego's branch of 
the circus, the Board of Super' 
visor s. But the author of the puff 
piece of CALPIRG's sweetheart, 
Supervisor Jack Walsh , neglected 
to mention what the man from 
the South Bay had to say. 

round their cause, and. 
congratulate them on an effort 
well done. One doesn't have to be 
long and boring in offering some 
insight into political institutions. 
The Almanac of American 
Politics has been, ever since its 
conception, a valuable reference 
tool for the citizen, despite · its 
obvious political preferences (left 
of center) . However, San Diego's 
Political Profiles were amateur, 
tedious, generally uninformative, 
most despicably biased. It is a sad 
commentary when a supposedly 
public and informative 
organization becomes an organ 
of political advocacy. If Jack 
Walsh has the good sense, he can 
do his part to cut down on 
campaign spending by going out 
and buying up all the Political 
Profiles about Jack Walsh . They 
will make good campaign 
I iter ature. 

As long as there are ambitious 
Democrats, this column will 
always be busy. This past week 
saw the official proclamation of 
the presidential aspirations of two 
more Democrats . Former 
Oklahoma Senator Fred Harris 
revealed his plans to resume his 
populist candidacy, curtailed 
early in the 1972 primary race due 
to an acute lack of funds. How 
Harris hopes to keep his costs 
down as he slowly builds up his 
dark-horse hopes by meeting with 
small groups of Democrats. Two 
years ago the Oklahoman would 
have had a substantial chance. 
Now his campaign will almost 
seem nostalgic, but un-
derstanding the rather disheveled 
nature of the Democratic party, it 
appears as if there is room for 
anybody at the top. Harris 
becomes the third Democrat to 
announce, joining Jimmy Carter 

latest fashions 
in wi re frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions fjlled 
conlacllenses fined 
repajrs 
hours mon.- tn . 10'30 - s·oo 
sat , ()'6 clOsed sundays 

sports arena blvd. 
(across from lhe $pOI1S arenal 

224·2973 224·2974 

in 1968 as the man who brought 
LSJ back to the Pedernales, 
McCarthy has become everyone's 
favorite political ha·s-been. After 
giving up his Senate seat when 
Hubert Humphrey decided to 
return to the Senate, (it was 
expected that Humphrey would 
quickly dismember McCarthy in 
the political arena) McCarthy 
became a profeSSional poet and 
observer of the national past 
time, baseball . Despite some 
noises heard in 1972, the former 
Senator decided to play it loose 
and not run on the independent 
ticket. How McCarthy is giving 
the same sort of speech he gave 
in 1972 and 1968, chastizing the 
Democratic party for not being 
open and nominating a man of 
the people (read that Eugene 
McCarthy). The man has decided 
to make the decisive move and 
run for president on the in-
dependent platform. One can 
take Fred Harris seriously. It is 
difficult to do the same with 
Eugene McCarthy 

Continuing with the general 
mood of patience that now 
permeates the political world, 
Robert Finch, for what reasons 
only his mother might know, has 
declared his candidacy for the 
Republican nomination to the US 
Senate seat now held by Gene 
Tunney. San Diego's Mayor Pete 
Wilson may be another who will 
make the big plunge, but it is still 
too early to say. One thing about 
the mayor-The man has the 

Continued on Page 7 

Jan. 29 at noon . 
Grad students who are ex-

periencing problems in anything 
from not being able to finish their 
thesis, to not being able to make 
social contacts wi II be able to join 
a group led by Dr. John Andrews. 
The group is open to all graduates 
as well as Med students. 

People who are able to 
establish relationships, but aren't 
able to sustain them, are invited 
to join a group led by Dr. Sid Files 
and Sherry Hansen. 

Jointly sponsored by Coun-
seling and Psycological Services 
and the Women's Center, four 
workshops for women will be 
presented beginning tomorrow. 
. Sheri Scott of Counseling and 
Psycological Services explained, 
"all four workshops are designed 
to make women feel good about 
themselves, through learning and 
trying new behavior for en-
joyment." 

The first of these workshops 
(tomorrow and Friday) will ex-
plore relations between women 
and others around them. The 
workshop will be an encounter 
group, and take on the Rogerian 
non-aggressive format. The 
meeting will be held in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 

On the following Thursday and 
Friday, (Jan . 23 and 24) the 

"All four of these workshops 
demonstrate growth potential 
and value. The groups will be led 
by professionals," concluded 
Scott. 

All of the workshops for 
women will be held from nine 
a.m. to 4 p.m" and perspective 
members are encouraged by Ms. 
Scott to contact the Women's 
Center at 452-2023 for more 
information. 

For men who want to 
strengthen their interrelat ion s 
with men, and have a greater 
sense of their own development, 
Mr. Jim Broderick will be leading 
a "Male conscience raising" 
group on Thursday afternoons 
from 4 to 6 at 302 Matthews 
Campus. 
. Students who aren't sure, or 
would like to reinforce their 
feelings of a certa in vocation are 
encouraged to join the Life-Style 
groups. After taking a personality, 
and vocation test, four to five 
individuals will form a group to 
explore individual vocat iona l 
uniqueness who will direct an 
individual towards a particu lar 
vocation . 

CH'ABAD HOUSE 
Uewish Student Center) 

Invites All Jewish Students To 
Participate In A 

"CHASSIDIC SHABBOS" 
SERVICES - SHABBOS - MEALS - DISCUSSIONS 

Every Friday at 5 p.m. 

FREE 
6115 Montezuma Rd~ 

For More Information Call 286-4747 
Meet us at the "Chabad Table" 

every Mon & Weel 10:30 - 12:30 Revelle Plaza 

Pille Triton Time 'ilnuary 15, 1975 



evelle Rio Major's Guide to Zoology Divine 
Part 1 

A Revelle educ ion in biology is heavily slanted toward the 
molecular biology of the last twenty years. While this work does 
unquestionably represent one of mankind's finest intellectual ad-
vances, it is highly biased to represent it as the whole of biology; this 
approach does justice neither to the past nor the present. It is rare for a 
Revelle student to hear mention of anything larger than a micron. 
Much more time is devoted to the properties of molecular orbitals than 
to those of mammals. Regretably, the description of the whole is not 
always implicit in that of its finest parts. 

conjunction with the calculated molecular weight implies that the 
kangaroo is extremely dense. Sucrose gradient measurements fail to 
confirm this prediction . A number of workers are currently attempting 
to resolve this unsatisfactory situation. 

Order in Universe 

An education in molecular biology may give one an excellent feeling 
for the fundamental uni\y of life, but is glaringly deficient in imparting 
an appreciation for the ever fascinating variety of the biosphere. A 
Revelle educated biologist may never realize that organisms may differ 
in more than CC content and ratios of membrane lipids, and that "E. 
coli, phage T4, Drosophila melanogaster, Xenopus laevis, and Other" 
does not constitute an adequate classification of the realm of life. 

Kangaroos absorb at all visible frequencies, and show no optical 
activity. They are highly soluble in water, and fail to precipitate with 
NH4C1 addition, but precipitate quickly in 1M KCN or equivalent 
concentrations of dinitrophenol . Measurements of electrophoretic 
mobility are most easily made with kangaroos that have been 
precipitated in this manner and then re-solubilized; it has been found 
that the kangaroo is isoelectric at neutral pH, and at acidic pHs. has a 
mobility roughly midway between that of marker creatures squirrel and 
moose. 

The kangaroo has been found to catalyze the following reaction : 

On the nignt at last when I have 
When I can no more see you 
when I wonder from whence the 
Imagination reveals the road 
and stamps the date of receipt 
Procursor of the real-reel 
dance in the light of four 
a self-imposed predestined promi! 
contrived alive to dive into lies 
predetermined, arrested and sente 
primed and mined the mind mim 
draws lines and elapses 

e creeping 

premature-providence This article is the first of a series that will attempt (in some small 
way) to give the Revelle student, in terms that he or she can un-
derstand, an appreciation for zoological diversity, and impart a fuller, 
wholer perspective on the biosphere. Today's article highlights. 

C.H 120. +~ --tJC0a +6HzO. This activity, dubbed " Kangarooase," 
is remarkably similar to that of "Muskratase" (Retch, Feebel, and 
Jakov, 1972) and "BulifrogaseH(author's unpublished results) . This 
reaction does not show simple Michaelis-Menten kinetics. It is strongly 
inhibited by the precipitating agents previously mentioned . Th 'se 
inhibitions apparently effect a covalent alteration, since when 
precipitants are dialyzed away, kangarooase activity remains 
depressed. 

running defeat-retreats and PrclCtl,dlbality in turn 

On the night for first when I resign 
whisper breathed solemn 

you to a qu i et death 

loft bells left still-standing 
Whole kangaroo homogenate (prepared with machete and blendor 

as described by Corona, 1971) shows high levels of alkaline 
phosphatase (9,000,000,000 international units) and 
acetylcholinesterase. Such homogenates also contain Significant levels 
of the protein collagen and the mineral hydroxyapatite . DNA isolated 
from such preparations has a CC content of 48 percent . 

crowds unstartled, even the keE!n~. no query-unquerulous 
When you have metamorphosed in~.[)ar,ate body on an unknown path 
I stand less-path, less-wrath to slip the doom of shunted-two 
faithless fate your mate 
I am beholden to any 
any and a full silence or an inclne~id!"~ve 
hold your own hand 
be-grave, beget the none 
no sire, no sire, three bags empt 
forged-fruitless into the chain 
tonight we stand abundant in a" 
chewing teats and sponsoring l!e •• ~trEr:>Its 
let us refrain from ordained repe 

On the night for all when our ter'al-I""pt 
the coiled and coded messages 

Kangaroos, when cultured in a medium containing bamboo shoots 
and oxygen, spontaneously increase in concentration . However, it has 
been found that kangaroo populations can be separated into two 
separate suh-populations (Isozymes 1 and 2), such that purified 
preparations of either isozyme fail to show the growth phenomenon. 
Isozyme 1 has a high affinity for lower molecular weight kangaroos of 
either isozymal subtype, and this has been made the basis of an affinity 
column method for separating the isozymes (Cluchschlag, 1973). In a 
remarkable recent experiment, Cluchschlag showed that if purified 
aliquots of each isozyme are mixed briefly and carefully reseparated, 
then after a lag period of about six months the population of isozyme 1 
shows increased concentration characterized by an increase in lower 
molecular weight kangaroos of each isozyme. The isozyme 2 
population remains stable . This apparent delayed catalytic activity of 
type 2 upon the type 1 isozyme has posed a perplexing and stimulating 
problem for theoretical zoologists. It has been proposed that type 1 
serves as a template for kangaroo replication , and that type 2 performs 
an obligatory initiation function for this replication . The detailed 
nature of these activities is still entirely obscure. 

a chas te hart resorts to retired re 
eerily reeking remoteness where 
buck-eyed but unhorned 

not be 

The Kangaroo 
more to mourn than many moan 
ultimate ulteriors cannot be 
no hiding in the past 

The median molecular wej,;:ht of the kangaroo IS about 
3,750,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 grams per mole . Its 
sedimentation coefficient averages about 5,000,000,000,000 S. Since 
kangaroos exhibit a range of molecular weights, it seems likely that 
they exist as multimeric complexes of basic subunits of still un-
determined size. 

X-ray diffraction studies for clarification of kangaroo structure has 
been held up by an inability to obtain kangaroos in crystalline form . 
Work in this di~ction is now proceeding in sever'll laboratories. Until 
this work meets with success, we must be satisfied with fanciful artistic 
reconstructions such as the one above. 

demanding rewrites, re-rights an,dldlon 
How not even now-
there is only the next 

On the night at all when stricture 
schisms and chasms divide to 
separation-slashes collide pipl'l-hrli_ Measurement of kangaroo Stokes radius by Sephadex column 

techniques shows that kangaroos fail to elute in the void volume at any 
standard sephadex size. This implies a very small stokes radius, and in 

Watch this column in future issues as we peel more papers from off 
th~ floor of the Wonderful World of Zoology. 

two points define a line 
merciful invention-intervention 
god lets there be what no other wi 
sallow shields, low yields 

'I, J 'I 'I, 'I. " I I 'II', 

lCPb UCSD Campus Program Board presents 

ProVisional Theatre 
Saturda'y. Januar.Y 25 8:30 pm 

"AmERICA PIECE" cA~~i~~r~ 
Sunda,Y. Januar,Y 26 8:30 pm 

"XA" - A VIETNAm PRimER 
409 m.e. 

"the most balanced theatre prachCe which I 
have seen in the new theatre anywhere in 
Amen'ca" 

Village Voice 
Tickets: 53 UCSD Student Discount: 52 

rT]ERCEDES 
SOSA 

Fridall, Januar'y 31 
8:30 pm 

Folklorist ~,inger from Argentina; 
actress in ;everal Argentinian tilms. 

"one of the· most outstanding singers 
of our gent ration, who has 
dedicated ner life to the music 
of Argentina and latin America" 

Ambassador Alejandro Orfila 

REVELLE CAFE 
Tickets: 52.50 UCSD Student Discount : 51.00 

Page 4 Triton Times January 15, 1975 

NMt4 
FOLK ENSEmBLE' 

Sundo,Y. Januor,Y 26 8 pm 

A brilliant company of 80 dancers, singers, 
and instrumentalists, in beautiful traditional 
costumes, presenting the ethnic arts of 
Eastern Europe, the Middle East and NOrth 
Africa. 

UCSD GymNASiUm 
Tickets : $3.50 UCSD Student 52.50 

BOX OFFICE 
INFORmATION 

Location: UCSD Student Center 
Hours: Tues-Thu(s Noon-4:30 

Frida.Y Noon-ll pm 
Saturda,Y 6:30 pm-ll pm 

-Closed monday-
For information call: 452-4559 

, I, 'I' 'I, 'I, ", ",' 'I '/ 'I,' , , 

the calm without the storm 

CREATIVITY 
Submit your emissions 

to 

Mark McCarty, Head Cretin 

..•••••......••••...••..•..•.•........................•••... 
· . 
· . 

· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 

· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 

• 

· • 

· 

BOOKTI--ruFT 
FOR BooKlDVERS 

Come join UI at our extrllOrdinary 
50% OFF 

giant Pllperback book lale. 
Outltandlng current and back nit 

titl .. from many leading pubillhera. 
Thil ia a ule Booklovera can't anord to mill. 

- University Bookstore 
Mathews Campus 

· 
....................................•.•...........•....•... 

· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
· • 

MARY WARNER 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 
LIBRARY 

Thousands of Topics 
. $2.75 per page 

Send .for your u~tO'dlte, 
176-pa'ge, mail order catalog 
of '5500 topics. Enclose 
$1 .00 to cover postage·(1·2 
days delivery time) . 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
. SUITE 1203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our materiall .• r. sold for 

r .... rch purposes only 

Petricca's 
PizzI G...., La.,.. S ....... 

OtIItr D ... 
Try Our New Apple Burrito 

'Food to Go· 
No Extra Chirp 

452-0661 
3945 Govemot' Dr. 

Sa'e.a, Shopplns Cb. 

Preliminary Report on the Discovery 
of Late Pre-Holocaustic Records 

Dr. Hubert Winsdorff, PhD. 
Institue for Religious and Ethical Studies 

The mystery of the CPA surely is one of the greatest puzzles con-
fronting the investigator of the late Pre-Holocaustic period . This ac-
tivity - we say activity because we do not know the exact nature of 
what was involved - was the primary occupation of thousands of 
monks, mostly of the order of Santos Universitas, which experienced 
great popularity during this period . The movement was especially 
strong in Europe and northern America, although its influence was 
world wide . There was a major increase in the pupularity of this sect 
immediately prior to the Holocaust, and many scholars have 
postulated a direct, perhaps even casual , relation between the Order of 
Santos Universitas and the Holocaust. 

The exact nature of "CPA" is unknown, as is the origin of the word . 
Some lexicographe.rs have. suggested that the word is an annogram; 
Callo, one of the finest minds of the Californian Revival in the third 
century, claimed CPA was an annogram for "Ceneralized Personal 
Assessr:nent", but this idea is discounted by most modern historians. 
Most likely, the word itself is part of the mystery, perhaps meaning 
something to the effect of " I Am That I Am" 

Most observers ag~ee that CPA: was an intricate game of skill, a game 
that served as a sortmg mechanism, although whether it was a means 

My honorable colleague, Dr . Kirkpatric, feels that It is the failur£' 01 
the monks to design CPA to train the proper aspects of the mind that 
made the Order a central figure in the Holocaust. However, con-
siderable historical evidence, not to mention the author of thiS report , 
takes a differen~ view: we feel that it was not the failure of the mon"s, 
but the success of the monks that led to the Holocaust They deslgnpd 
their game too well, and thus failed to understand what in fact thpy 
were training minds to do. 

However, be that as it may, it is another aspect of the situation that 
concerns us today; this is a report designed to publicize the details of a 

. recent discovery that promises to shed much light on this entlrp 
problem . A fragment of the secret records of a late Pre-Holocaustlc 
monastary, probably one of the more fanatic players of the game In all 
of Europe, has been found in the basement of the British Museum 
where it had been used as packing material around a rare fo sl! of 
pleistocene fish . It is identified only by numerals, but these have be n 
found to match up perfectly with other records that were preViously 
undecipherable. It is believed that these records are of central Im-
portance in the performance of the mysteries; the contents of th 
sanctum sanctorum, as it were. Whi Ie we are not yet in a position to 
make any substantive statements about CPA, I would like to take thi S 
opportunity to acquaint you with some of our prel imi nary data and to 

Continued on Pale 7 

- .. ~ j 
: 
c 

Fig. 1 Typical GPA-curw. TIlle monk .... yed 11 ...... In th,.. .nd ..... h8If YMI"L 

of bestowing merit or of determining merit is not clear. Because of the 
fact that the Meritocracy Percentile Attitudinal Equivalent (MPAE) is 
usually estimated at 35 within the Monastaries, it is often assumed that 
CPA is a means for establishing a personal worth estimate; on the other 
hand, studies of the works of monks of rank within the order show that 
advancement is not based on merit, and many have forcefully argued 
that the structure of the organization is assuredly a reflection of the 
rules of CPA, and that the CPA could have only been a game of 
chance , 

It is fairly certain that the game was devised as a form of mental 
exercise, a method of strengthening certain mental apptitudes of the 
monks. Since -the Order became increasingly involved in the political 
struggles of the time, it was inevitable that the State should in-
creasingly look upon the Order as a potential contestant in a power 
struggle. This was averted, because the affairs of the two became so 
intricately intertwined that well before the end of the Pre-Holocaustic 
the Order of Santos Universitas officially declared itself a part of th~ 
government. 

There were many hold-outs, for the movement had been plagued 
with factional disputes, but this essentially political problem does not 
concern us here. The variations in the rules for CPA seem to have been 
very minor, and were quite possibly peripheral to the ideological 
squabbles of the monks. Everywhere the game seems to have un-
dergone a constant series of revisions, in order to bring the brain 
exercising function of the game in line with the needs of the society. 
Change was too rapid for any growth to take place, so the game 
became increasingly more complex, with little attention paid to the 
over-all structure. Ante-Holocaustal Earth was a remarkable unstable 
place, for it was felt that all one had to do was to continually try new 
things and eventually the right cards will come up. 

In any case, every year a new selection of the most promisirfg in-
dividuals in every society would go off to try their hand at CPA; but no 
journey to the Minotaur, this! ; it was a joyous occasion . CPA was a 
game that it was an honor to be allowed to play, a challenge which 
would determine one's fate . But more, it was training, an exercise of 
the mind! 

NEW 
LOCATION 

COL·LEGE STUDENT 

SllS 
INSURANCE SERVICE 
5117 COLLEGE AVE· 583·9393 

............... ~ 
WED. Jan. 15 USB 2722 ___ :75 i 
"'ctrl()II ,l3rctllcl() i 

m • 

()Ilf? 1"f?cI J<l£i<§ (7:30) i 
and 

JOHN FORD'S 
t 
-tr 
• 
-tr 
-tr 
• t MY DARLING 

CLEMENTINE 
t 
t (10:00) t 

........................................... IJ 

WHATEVER ."PPENED 
TO ."NIER'S BOllRS" 

At La lolla Bank & Trwt Company 
th.ere are 51 hours of full service 
banking each week. 

Morwlay Ihro~h 
Fri40y 
Saturday 

Thursday 8:00 AM - 5:30 PM 
8:00 AM - 6:00 PM 
9:30 AM -12:30PM 

YOU CAN BANK AT YOUR CONVENIENCE ... 
ON YOUR FAY TO FORK ... 
ON YOUR FAY HOME ... 
IF .l1a • .4NI[ IS '1'.11 • • ANI[. 

THAT'S Jf'HAT HAPPENED TO • .4NJ(';.'S •• Ilas. 
THEY ARE NOJf' ' •• 'LB'S .ollas. 

,.".,..,. ~ 1--
fA JoII. C.4 92037 

(714) 459·9711 

Mf"'~' I .D.I.e. 

Page 5 Triton Times lanuary 15, 1975 



Basketball at it s Worst; and Best 
In the past week I have had the distinction of attending, in person, 

two basketball .games, one pro and one college. It was a study in 
contrasts, not only the games themselves, but of the few numbers of 
people they call a crowd in San Diego. 

last Wednesday I had the distinct displeasure of observing the San 
Diego Conquistadors, otherwise known as the Q's, destroy a team 
called the Utah Stars, 122-113.10 use an old diche, the game wasn't as 
close as the score would indicate, and as a resUlt tended to put the few 
people in attendance to sleep. 

The Sports Arena seats some 14,000 or SO people, but on this given 
night some 1800 basketball fanatics showed up. And it was a special 
night, Beryl Shipley's debut as coach of the Q's. The arena was so 
empty that I could have selected any seat in the house if I really 
wanted to. In fact I tried, managing to place my posterior in some five 
or six different locations ·around the arena in the course of the game. 

With so many empty seats (they were empty by the sections, not the 
seats), I found it rather tacky of the security guard to ask someone with 
a general admission ticket to move out of the 57 seats. Maybe therein 
lies the reason for such overwhelming crowds. 

The pro game itself is enough to put even the basketball buff to 
sleep. I found that I was amusing myself by getting up and buying more 
popcorn . It was only the light tapping on my shoulder by the cleanup 
crew that told me when it was time to leave. 

I went to see this particular game because Utah was featuring some 
high school phenom, a youngster who decided he was too good for 
college and decided to earn a little bread while playing basketball 
during those formative years that some call higher education . 

Sure enough, Moses Malone was good, but unfortunately the rest of 
the team failed to playas well as he did and as a result got beat by the 
last place Q's . (So what else is new in San Diego). 

In sharp contrast to the Q's game was the UCSD- Azusa Pacific game 
played here last Saturday night. In fact it was the best game I have ever 
seen here at UCSD.The team played superbly, more than half of the 
cheerleaders showed up and there was even a Pep Band, yes, a PEP 
BAND! I couldn't believe it when I saw it, but there it was, a Pep Band. 

And beyond all that, more than 500 (our crowd estimator's best 
guess) students put down their books, picked up their enthusiasm and 
made an appearance at the gym . For the first time since I can 
remember there were ad:ually more people root ing for UCSD than for 
the visiting team. Way to go, UCSD. And yes, Barry, they were wat-
ch ing a good basketball team play an excellent game. 

In fact th e crowd got so hyped up during the game that the most 
extreme outpouring of emotion (loudest cheers) came right near t he 
pnd of the game when Tony Moore popped in the two points that 
pushed th e Tritons over the century mark for the third time in a row, 

. 101-74. 
In (ompanson to the pro game, the college game is extremely fast 

moving, keeps on€' exc ited (and awake) and provides one with a 
modkom thri ll d th€' ball getsturned over all the time. 

If you ~ant to see good basketball , you don't have to shell out three 
bucks to see ,1 lackluster pro game. You can venture into the known 
wi lds of the U ( D gym , put up with (heerleaders who spend all 
evening watching their footwork and listen to the Pep Band. And you 
can watch an exciting, ba lanced UCSD five take on the unknown 
wonders of the NAIA D istri ct III , Southern Division . 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

327 f. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
'orsenke 

Mon.-Sal . 
1:4S-5:3O 
CIoIedSun. 
233-6481 

FREE LECTIJRE EVERY 
FRIDAY EVENING 8 P.M. 

HYPNOSIS 
MOTIVATION 

INSTITUTE 
901 9 Park Plaza Drive 

Suite H La Mesa 

" corne, of Retche, 460-7715 
Plcy .nd 0.11 •• " 

F 'ree Noon Concert 
Wedne day Jan 15 

on th Gym step 
featuring: 

JON WILCOX 

~ . 
. f" N \ '-lI' , , 

.--- :/_- , 

C'alitorn l.1 ' nl~ \ "ll"' r ' ling'\! lII"r I« l.\U ltiHlst , '',In out-
,1,111,1 11 11' 1Il1 1'rpll 'If'r of I rMlltlo n<1 ll11<1t(' fl al " 

1,1" " "I.;' <,li ng IM' II 111 1111' un\ hlOe 
POi' • .,( ,II " 11\ <-P.B. AN I) ~TUOENT CENTFR 

Page 6 Triton Times January 15, 1975 

Greenstein Sparks Rally 

JV Comeback Falls Short, 72-67 
by Dave liMn 

The '1 riton junior varsity basketball team 
negotiated a spectacular comeback, but then fell 
behind and were defeated, 72~7, by Azusa Pacific 
Saturday night in the Triton Cym. 

UCSD played the entire contest without one of 
last week's starting guards, Mike Hart, who was 
called up to varsity, and most of the game without 
guard Paige Smith, who is hobbled by a leg injury. 

The Tritons made their comeback as they cut an 
18-point deficit (5~32) to 2 (65~3) late in the 
second half. The Cougars spoiled the effort by 
converting five consecutive free throws and a field 
goal to ice the victory. 

The come-from-behind try was an exciting one, 
with the home fans vocally aiding the squad. The 
effort was sparked mainly by the scoring of Joe 
Creenstein ,(14 points in the second half, 16 in the 
game), and the all-around play of Dave Elliot (11 
points, 14 rebounds) . 

Creenstein is a 5'11" freshman guard from Crant 
High in North Hollywood, while Elliot, a 6'7" fresh-
man center, didn't play higll school basketball in 
his home town of Berkeley. Despite his inex-
perience, however, Coach Bob McCook says, 
" Elliott is coming along very well, and his play 
under the boards has been outstanding." 

The Tritons were forced to battle not only Azusa 

/ Pacific, but also a pa~ of referees that were calling 
a very unusual game. UCSD was whistled for 17 
fouls in the first half to only 3 for the Cougars, 
giving the game to Azusa on free throws. 

Coach McCook was on his feet much of the 
game, most of the time deservedly yellina at the 
officials. later, however, he would only say, 
"They(the refs) didn't really help us too much, did 
they?" 

Another factor in the loss was an inability to 
convert easy shots . 'We missed SO many lay-ups I 
couldn't believe it," said McCook. 

The Tritons and Cougars played on even terms for 
the first seven minutes, before Azusa got hot from 
outside. The Cougars led by as much as 38-20 en 
route to a 40-26 halftime lead . 

UCSD opened the second half with its vaunted 
full-court, man-to-man press, which was working to 
perfection . At one point, it caused five consecutive 
turnovers. 

Five minutes later, however, the Cougars ran out 
of their 18-point lead. Greenstein, who sunk 8 of 8 
clutch free throw attempts, Elliott , and Glen Polk, 
who finished with eight points and numerous steals, 
then highlighted the comeback attempt that came 
up short . 

11M BS: Floor Hockey, Superstars I 
Now that the basketball rush is 

over, the Intramural Dept . wishes 
to remind everyone of some of 
the minor sports that will also be 
on . this quarter's schedule. 

Floor Hockey was introduced 
last spring as a coed sport, but 
come Friday hockey will become 
an all-male sport until the spring 
quarter. It is important to get a 
good turnout of teams for the 
success of this somewhat ex-

Barney 
Is 

Coming! 

I non~,otl t 
publ ic , .rvIOli 

I~ncy 

Birth 

Control 
Institute 

• Counseling 

• Pregnancy Testing 

• Abortion 

• Birth Control 

• Vasectomy 

• Female Sterilization 
Call BCI for 

con f idential assistance 
(714 ) 283·6351 

(714) 560-5757 

perimental sport . 'The Captain 's 
meeting will be Friday at 5 p.m . in 
the Rec Gym Conference ROOT ' 

Play in Floor Hockey will be 
held on Friday nights and 
Saturday mornings (if you play 
Friday, you won't have the 
hangover Saturday) . league 
action will start this coming 
Satu rday , with Friday night 
reserved for a practice session . 
Play ison the Rec Gym Floor. 

- ......-

/ 

Eveready case 

. -

For those of you who played 
the coed version, the men's game 
will be somewhat rougher, with 
some checking allowed in a given 
area. Cet a team together and be 
there. 

Superstars are coming. The 
Recreation Dept . will sponsor a 
Team Superstars contest in 
February. Five events, five people 
on a team and one person per 
event . Of the five people on a 
team, one has to be of the op-
posite sex, so girls, find a guy 
who's good enough and !let y~ur 
team together . 

Events to Ix> included are a 60 
yard dash, a 50 yard swim, the 
bench press, shooting free throws 
(basketball style l. and a baseball 
throw for accuracy. 

There will be prizes to the 
winner and maybe, just 
maybe, the TT Sports Dept. will 
consider a booby prize (like your 
team's picture in the paper) . So 
hurry into the Rec Gym office and 
sign your team up. 

TOPCON IC-/ 
w/SOmm //2.0 lens 

with: 

Electronically controlled shutler 
Automatic exposure system with manual override 
Through-the lens metering center-weighted 

Retail'28950 Special '/ 7900 
ASK FOR STUDENT 
DISCOUNT CARD 

Budget • •• 
Continued from Pale 1 

proposal is continaent upon : 
.lThe University maintaining 

the 1974-75 level of expenditure 
of its funds for EOP and 

!The University matching the 
proposed state funds in 1975-76 
with an equivalent amount of 
funds . The Regents have already 
appropriated monies in their 

bu~et for matching funds . 
The elimination of the Ex-

tended University in the state 
budget, a S1.85 million pilot 
program initiated back in 1972, 
marked the biggest decrease of 
any department. Covernor Brown 
allocated no funds at all for the 
continuation of the program, 
pending evaluation of the 3-year 
old program . The University had 
anticipated an increase of 567 
students in this program for next 
year. 

Faculty Rise 
Related to and contingent 

upon projected enrollment in-
creases, sa.6 million has been 
allocated for an additional 139 
full-time faculty poSitions and 15 
additional T.A. positions. These 
new positions fall short of the 
University's request for an ad-
ditional 215 faculty and 112 T.A . 
poSitions on the general cam-
puses and 109 new faculty in the 
health sciences. The University is 
trying to initiate a three-year 
program in the hopes of 
achieving a 16,7-1 faculty-student 
ratio and a 4().1 T .A.-student 
ratio. 

Brown's budget includes a 
personal 7 percent cut in his own 
offi ce, primarily by cancelling the 
lease on the private jet which was 
used by former Covernor Ronald 
Reagan . 

POLITICS 

CALPIRG Profiles 
Continued from Pale 3 

patience of a saint and won't 
. enter anything unless he can win. 

Finally, Covernor Brown, tired 
with a lot of ill considered advice, 

GPA •••. 

told a couple of fresh",e,\ 
Chicano assemblymen, that he 
and not any special interest group 
was going to' be the governor. The 
governor wi II also be cool 

Conti ned from Pa.e 5 
indicate some of the major lines of research that are being pursued at 
this moment. 

The results of the game appear to be a series of numbers ranging 
from one to four . They are kept listed for every game a monk plays, and 
an average of these scores is kept, and game scores were often a topic 
of conversation . The game was played three times a year by most 
monks, for periods rar ging from two to eight years. The choice of three 
games per year is felt to be the workings of a mystical idea of a tr inity. 
No reason is known for the differences in the time spent playing the 
game, although it could be nothing more than an act of devotion on 
the monk's part, and long years playing the game added to one's 
karma . 

There is little doubt that the CPA was of considerable importance in 
Pre-Holocaustic society. The game was an institution in the fullest 
sense, a psychic rallying point for segments of the population only 
remotely connected with it. The game served as a gathering point for 
many of the finest and most creative minds of the age, and it became a 
fearsome force in its own right. 

But such importance was attached to the game that it cannot be 
merely an institution . Institutions uevelop a distinctive hollow ring, 
and although the Order of Santos Universitas resonated a deep in-
stitutional hollowness, the game itself was remarkably free from this 
taint. Perhaps it is that the players never lost their innocence, never 
turned their serpentine eyes to the center of CPA, so that CPA 
represents a triumph of naivete. In this sense, CPA was perhaps an Art, 
in the fullest sense . It was the symbolic rendering of the Pre-
Holocaustic human being . 

Dr . P.T . Horowitz, noted conductor, musicologist and composer, 
feels that the curve of the CPA (see figure 1) represents a musical 
theme. He has found many of these themes to be most attractive, and 
is in the process of composing the world's first GPA music, which will 
be a Concerto in b sharp for bassoon and piccolo. He claims it will be a 
love story because it will consist of the meet ing and intertwining of 
two GPAs. 

However, a mathematical interpretation seems more likely, and 
various ideas have been proposed- Dr. George IvIosshammer feels that 
it represents points of a curve or that it is a mathematical sequence 
based on a very complex equation. In either case, Dr. IvIosshammer is 

attempting to derive the formula , as he feels that it must be c1 
numerical equation that manages to encompass the human mind HI' 
has met with little success as yet, but the prospects are gooo, and th l~ 
represents the most promising line of research. 

Dr. Mosshammer's critics have proposed that the CPA is nothing 
more than a random sequence, a record of a number of throws of thp 
dice. They feel that little of value can be learned by study ing the CPA 
numbers because there is no particular reason for their e)( i tence- thpy 
are not unique, do not reflect any ind ividual monk. 

But, as psychiatrist Dr. Frank Baker so astutely points out, thert' 
seems to be a general tendency noticeable throughout an indiVidual 
monk's scor~ and most score quite close to the mean . Whi le he agreps 
that it is basically a random procedure, he bel ieves that an alert monk 
can influence his scores, although probably only on an unconSCIOU\ 
level. Accordingly, he has institued an indepth study of the psychology 
of l ines, feeling that the line we unconsciously form with our CPA 
scores will betray both ancestral memories and personal experiencE' 

Ogden Dogden, abanker in Europe, has noted that the CPA files art' 
coded with a number. He has suggested that the records that have 
been discovered represent the monastic equivalent of banki ng filps, 
and the " game scores" are in fact the records of acco unt. He thinks 
that y,ell -played moves would tend to increase one's "holdings", poorly 
played games would result in "withdrawals." The ma jor prob lem Wi th 
this theory is that he is unable to suggest a possible unit of 
measurement, or to produce any reasonable ideas as to the nature of 
whatever it is that is being deposited and withdrawn . 

Of course, there are those in every epoch who question the value of 
historical research, but less than five centuries ago a major war almost 
destroyed the earth . The concensus of scholarly opin ion is that the 
playing of CPA was somehow related to the Holocaust . I bel ieve that 
the CPA was instituted as a means of preventing the Holocaust, for 
averting castastrophy. 

For the CPA is a numerical representation system, capable of 
revealing to the trained eye unheard-of insights to the human psyche, a 
total human summation in a single number. The scann ing of a list of 
numbers can convey the total man, can distinguish between a genius 
and a fool, a painter and a writer, a physician and a physic ist ! 

Our world has (Jown rapidly since the war, and now once again we 
face many of the same problems that beset our ancestors; we must 
learn to draw upon the lesson of the past; learn the secret of CPA so 
that we too can employ it in our fight against the bleak future that so 
many of us see. We must mobilize our resources; devote our energies 
to the problems at hand. How much impler, how much more efficient 
our task would be if we had a means of evaluation, a si ngle standard 
against which all are matched; the basis for true equal ity, an ending of 
prejudice, of class, of unjust ice! 

' Fellow scholars! We may be on the verge o f solvi ng the riddle of 
GPA! Dare we hope it to be soon ? 

WHe got a plan 
to make your banking easier. 

The College Plane 
What we've got is a very 
special package of services 
designed specifically for col-
lege students. We call it the 
College Plan, and here's what 
makes it so special: 
The College Plan 
Checking Account. 
First you get completely 
unlimited checkwriting for 
just $1 a month. (Free during 
June, July and August .) You get 
monthly statements. And the account 
stays open through the summer even 
with a zero balance, so you don't 
have to close it in June, reopen it in 
the fall .. 
Penonallzed College Plan Checks 
are included at a very low cost. Scenic 
other style checks for a little more. 

BankAmerlcard~ Next, If you're a qualified student 
sophomore standing or higher, you can also get 
BankAmericard. Use it for tuition at state universities, for 
check cashing identification and everyday purchases. Con-
servative credit limits help you start building a good credit 
history. 
Overdraft Protection. This part of the package helps you 

IAIIM 0' AMEIIICA NT& SA """'" 'OIC 

avoid bounced checks, by covering 
ail your checks up to a prearranged limit. 

Educational Loans. Details on 
Studyplan* and Federally In-
sured loans are available from 

any of our Student Loan 
Offices. 

Accounts. All 
our plans provide easy 

ways to save up for holi-
days and vacations. 
Student Represent-
atives. Finally, the Col-

lege Plan gives you individual 
help with your banking problems. 

Usually students or recent gradu-
ates themselves, our Reps are located 

at all our major college offices and are 
easy to talk with. 

Now that you know what's included, why 
not drop one of our college offices, meet your Student 
Rep, and get in our College Plan. It'll make your banking a 
lot easier. 

Depend on us. More California college HI 
students do. 

·BANKOFAMERICA 
p. 7 Triton Times J.tnlNlry 1S, 1975 



......... ~ ...... advertisements for ourrAIIj'e!'~~~~~~~re4~"''''''''-'''~~ 
for salb 

Complete Mlnolte CII,.,.,. outfit, 3/U" 
wet .ult. uHd hlklne boota. comp"t.2D 
........ rium. 71.2 k· v.lv. tank. O .... ld 
....... 111., 

•• R.mb_ w •• on •• uto •• Ir. pow.r. PC. 
cond .... .... ,..,. (1 171 

HP4 .. 270-3711 .ve •. 11 111 
v ..... ., cc. veta ., mPtt--.n.lne In •• c. 
cond ...... 4I4-GZ7O.ttarl:30. 11 171 

Movine. Mu.t ... 1 1m Cheval .. W •• on 
In .00d .hape. color TV. child'. blk ... 
child'. clothM •• h_. 412--' .v,. __ 
lIJIeve. (p 1 171 

Furnl8h vour dwelHn,1 Oold Couch m. 
oven-t_.r ... other odd •• nd ende __ 
1743. 11111 

Kneluel RS Skla. Koflach M.n·. loota 
."10%. SkIRack-.n.(p1111 
HEAD YAHOO SKIS· 170 cm. OrMt 
condition. ."1. m.vbe I.... C.II Kim 
Rudy. 412 ... 77. 11 111 

TNC ,., C .... ne Deck with Dolbv for 
.,.,. Wet .ult with bootl ... . Iov ... m •• k. 
j.t flna. wel.ht belt. .nd c.rryln. be. for 
.'00. call -.-. 11171 

1170 K.wa .. kl 1iOO. 40 mp • • f~.t. n .. d. 
.oma work but runa lIood ... 411-«121 
(1111 

Scube Geer- T.nk. regu"tor. 2 prenure 
•• u .... beckp.ck. all for .'110.00 463-,. 
aftar 8 p. m. 11 171 

Double B ... Drum.at. 2 flOor tom • • 2 
high tom • • • n.re. mu.t ... to appraclata 
_ • . 00 Jon 463-6117 (1 171 

Ovation 6 .trlng balled •• r XLNT condo 
.'75. 756-0886 J.d 11171 

Bicvcle. P.ug.ot PX-l0 21" fram • • •• w-
up • . like naw . • 200 (lI.t $4001. Tin. X 3140 
or438-0461 . (1171 

Free · 2 yr. old loveble cockepoo. Iran • • 
7!i(;1596. 9-3 Mon.-Fr!. (1/201 

3-.p.ad Schwinn bike. _20. c.II 756-2280. 
(1171 

R.frilleretor. Sanyo 2 cubic ft. Excellent 
cond. 462-9428. 11171 

Doc. Hi.torl... .ellundo libra. 101 V 
sombra & quant. Chem. bv wa.ar·John. 
766-7219 

1970 175 Yameha Enduro Kill-bunon •• 
Unlvarsel • • • treet. dirt. frwv • • 260. m -
fi8I2. Ren.a. (1 171 

89 BMW Brand n.w Konl • • Mich.lin • • t.n 
p.int job. 464-8E8. k •• p trylnll. af-
t.rnoon. and .v.nlng. onlv. (p 1151 
TR6 Enllin • . Tran • .• & Reer .nd. make 
off.r. Scubapro tank & Mark V rell . 
Make offer Or trade for .kl boots 462-
1612 Butch. 111171 
Twin Box spring. & mattr ••• Xlnt con-
dition. $25.00 - Call evaning. after Ilx 462-
1666. (1/171 

For Sale Sonv portable re.1 to re.1 Iter.o 
t.pe recorder. Two newlv new E78-14 
poIY·lte.1 tires. Fit VW v.nl. X-2430 
Randy. (1117) 

Hewlen P.ckard 35 calcul.tor unulad. 6 
months warrenty • • ,80 or offer - 462-9248. 
(1/15) 
Brand new Follil 10-IPeed bike. must s.lI. 
$100 Or best offer. 462-9704. eves. Ask for 
Lesley. (1115) 

I nteratat. Cycle. p.rfect 
condition 1750.00 or best offer. Cell 299-
3335. (1/311 
SAAB: ge. and 011 mixer. New enllin • . 
transmission • • t cete,. .'000. Bruc. 469-
5112. (pll17) 
1969 Austin America S.dan 35 M.P.G .. 
naw tires (2) brak... starter-motor. 
radiator. smog-davlce. g.nerator $660. 
Firm 469-2481 af"er 6 pm. (1120) 

Sony 6036 2 YUrt old mint condo )100. 
Honnor el • . guita r 3 pickup hollow body 
$100 or belt 0 fer. C.II ROller 462·9128. 
(1/17) 
1966 Ch.v. 8 cy:. opan ro.d Motor Home. 
Many f •• tur •• I ncludlng hot show.r. only 
46.000 mil ... ... alC. offer. Evenllllla 453 
83118. (1/171 
Enlline. tran • .• & ra.r .nd. make offer. 
Scub.pro t.nk & Mark V rell. Mak. offer 
or tr.d. for r kl boot. 462-1812 Butch. 
(1/171 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASH7 p.vlnll Top Doller 
for yOUr U.S. Silver Coin. Mlnt.d b.fore 
1984. K.n 462 9325. 1p31141 

Stud.nt to Itay over nit .. 8 pm to 7 am 
No m.al. room & b.th only In return for 
.bov. hra 8 nlt .. /wk 469-8677. (1 /311 

SIZES t50/ HR 

Need bend to play .t wedding rK..,tlon 
Feb. 1. C.II 412..., evenin ... (1/111 

SI·Un.UIII Tutora for TEP 1 .. 1. COUrHI 
d .. pe,."" needM. 4 unite upper dlv 
credit. TNCher ... I.tlnl # tutoring. 
Contllct D.n Munoz .t 1107 M.C. or 41 • . 
11/111 

WANTED: 2 tickets to J.thro Tull on Feb. 
1. c.11ed __ 1117 .fter I pm. If yOU have 
• nythlnl. thanks. 11311 

Ride needed to LA. on Sat. 11 .tt.r' p. m. 
Will .hare •••. 414-4371 (.vening.' Saml. 
(1111 

services 
Term P.penl C • .,..·. Ia,...t ,,",Ic • . 
For c.tIIlogu ... nd ~ to: E_v S.rvlc • • 
17 Spedlne Av •.• No. D. Toronto. On-
tllrio. Cane • . ".111 

TYPING - "'RILYN would like to type 
your peper. theel.. etc. She I. ax-
peri.nced on all typae of pepen. f •• t 
,...oneb ... nd hal .n 11M. P ..... call 
he,.t __ ~. (pl1171 

G rad-undergrad. k nowledg. .tIItl.tlc.-
progr.ming to help .nelvza d.ta for 
publication. Mika M.IUer X2IIIl . (1171 

Tun. UPI. brak... minor rapelr. good 
wOrk. low prlc ... Mlk • . 462-1812. Or I •• va 
m .... g • . (1241 

travel 
SSW Trev.1 Offlc. - ON CAMPUS -
EUROPE & NY Chart.n UCSD Int'l 
C.nter 462-0130 10-3:30 M.W.F. ONLY 
(p11/271 

CHARTERS TO EUROPE 1975 lowest air 
f.r .. from $3110. Round trip to LONDON. 
Allo a bit more. flights to: AMSTERDAM. 
BRUSSELS. IRELAND. FRANKFURT • • nd 
10m. conbin.tion. into on. city out 
.nother. In San DI.go .Inc. 1129. call 
DRAPER WORLD TRAVEL 291-8141 . AI.o 
Itud.nt rell p •••••• cer rentill •. purch .... 
.tc. on.1I trev.1 c.II291-8141 . (p/lndl 

personals 
To the IIlrl I HW In the book.tore and 
I.ter In the wind own of her room .t Muir. 
Wh.n c.n I m .. t you ag.ln7 Th. guy In 
the h.t. 11/161 

H.y Dork- H.ppy Birthd.y. maybe "0"11 
with your 19th LA 0 A will com. with it. 
11161 

St.vl.. H.ppy Birthday on your 211t 
Birthday. Lo mucho que t. qulero. Love 
your best •• t buddy. Linde. (1 -161 

Oshkosh. Thank. for Hvlnll my b.gl 

lost and found 
Anyon. who pick.d up a rad c.lculul 
IZA.B.CI book In the R.v.lI. caf. at lunch 
~n Wed. 1-8 return to TT office. (1/161 
LOST: gold charm brec.l.t with in-
scription: Susan 9-2-66. of sentimental 
v.lu • . return T.T. office or call 463-9109. (1 
15) 

LOST: silver chain 1.0 . brac.let .ngr.v.d 
Tom. 436-1436. 11 -151 

LOST: A whlt.lI.nllster-type hat .round 
Revelle coffee house. Hal a camel in-
sillni. inside. HIlS sentimental v.lua. D. 
Ingram. Phil. dept. (1 15) 

LOST: two rings. one lIaudy gem and one 
small gold. women's room. Blak. hall end 
of IlISt quarter. m -5992. A.k for Ren.e. 
(1 -15' 

housing 
M Or F rOClmm.t. want.d for fant .. tlc 3 
bdr. hou .. in Enclnita • . $98-mo. for own 
room _ m -229I. (1 22) 

Fem roomm.te wanted to shara apt. with 
2 f8n,al;; gr."""', Own room. utllltl .. 
includ.d $67. X ~ or 270-0425. Janice. 11 
lSI 

2 hOu .. mat .. n •• ded to sher. 4 bdrm 
townhou .. in D.M. Pool. jacuzi . .. una. 
t.nni • . n.er b •• ch. $16-96. 481 ·1089. 11201 

Roomm.te want.d to sh... La Jolla 
hou ••. Own room . • 75 & utll. 464-2031 . (pl 
lSI 

Roomm.te. wanf8d to live In N.w. WV 
ap.rtment. Swimminll pOOl. only mlnut .. 
to UCSD . 463-7861 . (115) 

Roommate n •• d.d. Own room in 3 
b.droom hou .. in Clairemont .75.00 plus 
utilities and at I ... t a mOdicum of af 
f.bility . m 1830. (117) 

Pa~ 8 Triton Tim's JanudrY 15, 1':175 

Famed S .. cllffe. beautiful 1.-. red-
wood multletorl.d. ,.bel.d hom.-
.nvlronment _k. spunkv wom.n to 
tIIk. room of fem." leaving for EMt. 
Priv.t. b .. ch. 2 acre lawn etudded with 
pi.,.. & pl .. _. Room haa prlvll.2nd 
.tory porch with penoramlc vI_ of the 
_ . ..... ,. or Stephe D.kotl c-e KSDT. 
Rent I •• ,0 per mo. 11171 

Speclou ••• Im~t _ 2 bedroom condo 
apt neer UCSD. Pool. pate. " . L .... 
thru S..,t. 462-_ .f1erI. (1171 

Roomm.ta needed u Jolla VII .... II .pt 
3111 G rent "'.10 " . Age 2D male-non 
smok ... -qulet. __ .1. (1171 

Meat., Idr .• G._ HI.hland • • In 3 
bdr. Town hou ... For 1 .1 •• for 2 to .he,. 
.,31 & utll. I min. to UCSD. 4I3-UI2. (1 
171 

N .. d f.m. roomm.ta •• here room WV. 
__ mo. Avellable Immediately. 4I3-G27. 
11111 

M. Room .... _ _nted: ." lhe,. two UCID atudent nMda 1 or 2 students to 
bedm. apt In MB wid! thrM room .... _. . .he,...,.. two bdrm duplex In Cardiff. 
Overlook. ley ..... 1131. 11/111 very quiet and nice ... cell 412-1771. 11221 
W.nted 1 feme.. nonsmok... to ... ,. 
tno bedroom houee In South u Jolla. 
hi. laundry. v.rd ........ Neer bua. beach 
.tld bike path. ....-1724 .nvtlm • . 
..INCh cell PhyI .... ___ •• m-a pm. 
(11171 
Hou ........ W.nted - Own room In 3 
bdrm .. 2 beth houee In Enel ........ - Call 
-"10 weekdayS after. pili. or m-22II. 
111171 

WNTED. 2 roomm._ - ...... or feme .. to 
.here 4 bdrm. houM In Del Mer. 101.21 per 
month. Call nm or M.rc ---. 111171 

M ,R me .. needM Immed. for 1 bdrm 
fum. In W VII .... I .• 112 . .,/mo . ..... 
(11111 
P"vmo, Condo 2 mil.. from campu • . 
Own rm ."0. She,. .11. It.v. Or 
I,.ndon. 462-..... (11111 

WANTED: m." or fema" roommate to 
..... coeta of houM In EnclnitM. For 
partlculan phone ...., aftfllnea. 11 
111 

Five .uv. need hou __ for modern 
four bedroom. feur bathroom houM with 
laundry In Del Mar. "block from beach 
_ month 715-1111. 11171 

carpool. 
From C.rtabed to UCID; 
.tudenta. calIC"'l1. 11-111 

C.r pool from Enclnltn (.PP •. 1:00-1:301 
need. 1-2 m_ HOP" (PNfenIbly with. 
c.rl 1"1431-87 (1 ,., 

- what's happening-------- films 
meetings 

ORIENTATION MEETING at the 
WOMEN'S CENTER Wed. J.n. 11 .t I pm 
.nd Thur. Jen. 18 .t 7 pm. If Int.,..ted In 
ltaffln. thl. qu.rt., or otherwlH In-
ter .. ted in flndlnl out more ebout the 
C.nt.r. thl. I. the m .. tlng. 412-21123 or 
4I4-OI3I.vanlng • . (1/16) 

GAY STUDENTS: Organlzatlonel 
meeting. W.d .. J.n. 11. 7:00 pm Revalle 
Informal Lounga. Stlitt .nd other non-
.tud.nts w.lcom • . For Informetion c.1I 
462-9631 . 111161 

ASIAN AMERICAN STUDENT ALLIANCE 
flnt meetlnll BLAKE HALL CONF. ROOM. 
THURS 1111111:30 pm. Allinter .. t.d 
stud.nts Invit.d. (1/161 

STUDENTS interest.d in h.lplnll out In 
org.nlzinll .n egande for PARENTS 
WEEKEND coming MARCH 7-9 • • nand 
meeting on THURS .. J.n. 11. from 12 
NOON-l:OO .t Muir Conf.renc. HSS 2141. 
IF you c.n·t m.k. it. contact Fred H.n-
d.non.t 3178. (1/161 
Ski Club m •• tlnll Thura. Jan. 111 Rac. Gym 
Confer.nc. Rm. 8 pm. Bring your id .... 
111161 

Muir Outlnll Club'. orll.nlzatlonal mtg. 
Thun. Jan. 16 at 6 pm in HSS 22IiO. H ... 
1 •• b.1 Allrestl .peek on mountllln.erlnll 
In the Alp. and then h.lp plan thl. 
quart.,.. triPI. (1/161 

AMES Enllin.erlng Club I AIAA Stud.nt 
Chapter Joint meeting on Thun. J.n. 111 at 
7:00 pm in U H 7104. Ther. will be IP .. k ... 
and refre.hm.nts. APIS .nd Fourth 
coll.g. Itud.nts ar •• 1.0 w.lcom • . (1 / 161 
Surf Club - W.d.Jan. 16. 7:30-lpm - PE 
CI ... room Muir Outinll Club - Thun. J.n. 
16. 6-7:30pm - 20 2250 Am.rican Folk 
Soci.ty - W.d. Jan. 16. 8-11pm - Ree. Gym 
Com . Rm. (1 -151 

Inter .. t.d In C.lplrg proj.ct • . M.atinll 
Thu.d.y .. 7:30. downltel" Stud.nt 
C.nter. (1 16' 

ATTENTION PRE-MEDS I MCAT 
Preparation Coun. me.t ••• ch Frl 6:30-
7:00 P.M. In BSB 2100. Anyon. planning to 
t.k. MCAT I, invlt.d to particlpat • . For 
Info call 462-4170. (1 -171 

N.wtlm • • N.w pl.ce for BSSO IBI.ck 
Sci.nc. Stud.nt. Orll.nizatlonl m •• tinll. 
W.d • . 6 pm in 3030B IUSB). (1·16) 

S.A.T.C.H. will m •• t Thun 6:30. in the 
conf Rm at the Stud.nt C.nter. A film 
will be shown on Trip. at Colonet with 
the Flvlnll Samaritans. n.w memb.n 
welcome. 11 -16) 

Educ.tion Abro.d applic.nt.: Thura. Jan. 
16th 7:30 p.m . • t the Int.rnational C.nter 
with the All Dlt Mr. James Kiln. from 
S.ntll Serb ... to inform yoU of rac.nt 
d.v.lopments. UK -lrel.nd .pplicent. 
n •• d not com. Bring qu .. tion • . 11-161 

notices 
Th. R.tlk.llar (old S & Dlm.1 II open . 
from 9·12 at night for all .at.1 (1111 

WorklhoPI for 'woman: Thur·Flr. 9'-4 
Encounter·Rav.lI. Form.1 Lounge; S.t-
Sun 9·4 Conicioul R.I.lnll · Ravali. 
FOrm.1 LOung.; Pi .... c.1I .nd _rv. 
your IpOt Coun .. lln. C.nter 3711 
Wom.na C.nter 21123. (11171 

STANFORD GRADUATE ENGINEERING 
SCHOOL will h.v •• repr ... ntlltlv, .t the 
Loung. Conf rm - Student C.nter I -Ion 
Thu,.. J.n. 1.. Student. Inter .. ted In 
pursulnll llradu", .ducatlon In 
ENGINEERING ere Invlt.d to drop bv. 
Ch.ck out not.book .t Cereer Planning --
MC 302. 11/151 

SEX CLINIC: Counaelln. on S •• u.1 
Probl.m.. W.ds. 3·1 pm; R.v.lI. 
Counaelon Offlc. In.xt to the Rav. 
Provo.t Offlc.l. Judith Jor .. n •• n. M.D.: 
Hu.h Pat ... Ph.D. (3/141 

The UCSD ROWing T .. m I •• tlil recruiting 
new mamb.... Contllct J.ck Vallerg. 
through the Athl.tlc D.pt .. or come 
down to Santll CI.re Point w •• kday. 
b.tw .. n 3:00 .nd 4:00 or w"k.ndl 
b.tw .. n 7:00 and 10:00 em. (1/151 

ATTENTION MUIR Winter Gradu.tlon 
Candldat .. : Contact Mn. W.rner In Muir 
Provost Offlc. to a,rang. .n ap-
polntm.nt for your final dag,ee ch.ck 
and to fll. your candidacy cerd. (11241 

new classes 
Blo 121. N.uroblology I. Three houn lee. 
Prer.qul.lt.: g.n ... , biology or g.n.r'IIl 
p.ychology. Open regl.tration M W F 
4:00-6:30. HSS 1330. (11111 .. . . 

AMES 198 Tran.port.tlon Sv.t.m • . 
Focullnll on the Importanc. of provldlnll 
.fflcl.nt freight and pe ... nler tran-
sportation In the Internetlon.1 m.rk.t-
plac • . No prerequl.lt ... Ev.nlng. TulTh 
7-8:30. 11/161 

TEH ; INTRODUCTION TO THE 
LITERATURE OF MODERN AFRICA -
Coun. No. 170. Prof ... or Sylvl. Wynter. 
Mon Wad Fri. 2:00-2:110. 2333 HSS; 
CONTEMPORARY CARIBBEAN 
LITERATURE Engli.h .mph •• I., - Coun. 
No. 175. Prof.nor Sylvia Wynter. Mon 
W.d Fri. 3:00-3:60. 2103 BB. For further 
inform.tlon cont.ct Third World Studl ... 
410 MC. x 3278. 

W.d. Jan. 11 "The S .. ch: A Rlv ... II! 
Send" 12 7104 Urev Hell. 11/111 

Th. Promi .. d und - a n_ Chileen film 
bea.d on hl.toric.1 .v.nts to ba 
pr ... nted Jan. 11. 1975 .t USB 2122. 7 
pm. " . spon.ored by EI Chlmborazo. 
(1/151 

. 

musIc 
S.m Hinton pl.y. tonlllht .t tha Rav.lla 
Sid. door (formerly the R.v.lI. Coffee 
house' 8:30 to 11 p.m. Coff •• 1 c.nt • • T .. -
5 c.nts. Donuts-10 cantl. Cider-l0 c.nt •• 
Cocoa-1S c.nts_ (1161 

dance 
Frld.y nlt.--J.n 17·9:00 Third Collega 
" .... n .... WESTWIND In lol Me " .00 et 
door .varyon. II Invitad. (1171 

lectures 
MILITANT FORUM- b.hind the iII.ga' 
eli.n .c.... Ip.ek.re: Tank S .... ra. 
Chlc.no ectlvl.t from LA Frl 17 4831 EI 
Cajon Blvd 210-1292 8pm. (1171 
Lecture by not.d cont.mpo .. ry com-
poser Ern.t Kren.k. Thun. J.ri. 18. noon 
B210. M.nd.vlll • . 11111 

PrOf. Harb.rt York will Ipeek to the In-
tern.tlon Club on Fri. Jen. 17th • • t 7:30 
p.m. .t the Internatlon.1 C.nter on 
" Current Probl.m. .nd Pr~p.cts In 
Arml Control and DIH,m.m.nt." Public 
invit.d. 11-171 

Dr. Rober B. Llvlnglton. Prof ... or D.pt. 
of Naurology UCSD Eff.ct. of 
An.,the.l. on Synaptic MorpholollY. Fri. 
Jan. 17. 2:00. Room B241. B •• lc Scl.nce 
Buildlnll. MC (1 -171 

Two New Courses! 
Literature and Society Program 

Professor SYLVIA WYNTER 

Lit./Soc. Intro. to Lit. of Modem Africa 
mwf 2-2:50 1138 H.s.S. 

Lit.lSoc. Contempory Carribbean Lit. 

rowf 3-3:50 2103 B.B. 
fM 6wdfca .. eeHfad 
.... __ X-3276 

410 IIl.C. R... 6 
Professor Wynter. newly appointed as fuJi professor of 

comporitivc literature. has just arrived from the Univ . of 
West Indies. having completed extensive work on authors 
of thf) Coribbeon and Africa . 


