
Part 3 at 4 

Level of Activities Has Seen a Distinct Irnprovelnent 
Editor's Note: This is the thi rd ~rt ic'le in ~ four-part Coordinate Planni'ng How repre entative ot r~evelle students I the RPB in 

series on campus a~tivities by Hicks. Today's article Th one problem connected with the large number of homing vents to sponsorl 
covers activities at Revelle College. Next week's story , tudent organization IS coordinating planning among The mpmber of the board feel that It is represen-
will examine the futu re of activities at UC San Diego. lh different groups. Many groups hav requested the latlve, although they say greater student input would 

by Greg Hicks use of a particular facility at the same time as other h Ip the Board determin what kinds of activities to 
Senior Reporter groups But, SilyS Mort , an effor t has been made on the sponsor The members feel that th re IS sufficient 

The level of recreational, social and cultural activities 
at UCSD has seen a distinct improvement in the last two 
years which , according to Revelle College Dean Ernie 
Mort, is due mainly to the large number of student 
organizations that now exist on campus . 

part of tuden s, memb rs of the Revelle Committee on diverSity dmong the group to I nsure a Wide variety of 
College Affairs (RCCA) and staff personnel connected opi nions. For example, the board IS composed of half 
with planning to coordinate planning more efficiently. residents , half commuters One major source of student 

" For a number of years," sayd Mort, "the only kind of 
programming that went on was in the residence halls ." 
Now, with the completion of the student center and 
increased activity by student organizations, there is a 
decentralized system that gets more people involved in 

Programming at Revelle has suffered from lack of Input to the board IS the number of people who par-
sufficient student interest, but the quantity and quality ticipate in the events that are planned . Another is the 
of programs has nevertheless improved in the last few ' opinions the members hear from the people who live 
'rears . The improvement is due partly to the efforts of around them. 
programming committees at Revelle and partly to the The meetings of the RPB are " not g ared to having 
increased activities of student organizations, according people stand up and give their opinion," according to 
to Mort. chairman Judy Savit. But students are encouraged to 

The committees which plan activities for Revelle contact the people on the board directly, or to attend 
College are the Revelle Program Board (RPB) and the meetings and speak with members afterwards . programming. 

The overall situation looks especially good, says 
Mort, because that UCSD "still lacks an off-campus 
community" and organizations like fraternities and 
ororities to plan activities . 

Revelle Residence Hall Board (RHB) . RHB More Representative 
The RPB is a sub-committee of the RCCA. Programming for the residence halls is done by the 

Student organizati<;ms received about $50-$60,000 
thi past year , according to Mark Bookman , director of 
the student center . This money comes from the six 
dollar campus activity fee . These organizations cover a 
Wid spectrum of interests, including groups with 
political, recreational , religious and ethnic orientations . 

The funds it uses are from the percentage the six-member Residence Hall Board . Traditionally, that 
University collects for allowing companies to operate board has been appointed after Interviews with the 
vending machines on ca mpus. The members of the reslde,lt dean and the aSSIStant resld nt dean . 
committee are chosen by appli'cation through the But a new procedure has been instituted, in order to 
Revelle Provost Office . make the RHB more representative of students In the 

low Cost Projects dorms. The interviewing process now narrows the list to 
The activities the Board sponsors are generally low- 15 students who are voted on by students who have 

cost projects . The larger programs are the responsibility turned in their hOUSing contracts 
The profusion of student organizations represents , 
~ay Mort, a "healthy system" that keeps planning out of 
the hand of a small minority of students . 

of the Campus Program Board . The Board attempts to be as open as pOSSible to the 
The board has work d with the Women 's Center opinions of students, say members , though very little 

MEChA, BSU, th'e Side Door and other campu~ has been coming in . The board attempted to publicize 
organizations, as well as planning many of its own it meetings by a newsletter sent to all dorm reSidents 
events . I t has put on movies , faculty-student but " there were few students at the meetings," ac-
discussions, free concerts on the Revelle Plaza, offered cording to chairman Marty Weiner 

Bookman concurs on the importance of student 
organizations These groups, he says, are a source of 
" important social and recreational components of a 
student's life." He states that such organizations provide 
activities that have a " learning aspect," as well as a 

"~ocial and recreational aspect. " 

di count tickets to baseball games and local rock In Weiner's opinion, the board has the " potential to 
concerts (e.g ., Cordon Lightfoot) and a host of other 
activities . Continued on Page 3 

LiMandri, Munoz Elected 
Statewide Co-ordinators 

by Cr~ig Uchid~ 
Staff Writer 

In the first test of its new voting 
procedure, the Student 
Cooperative Tuesday elected 
Marco LiMandri and Irma Munoz 
as external affairs statewide co-
coordinators . 

the sc hool year involved at-
tending both the UC Regents and 
the Student Body President 
Council (SBPC) meetings , as well 
as involvernent in special 
committees . 

She expressed reservations to 
the idea of a co-coordinatorship, 
because it would mean spending 
S1800 over the year for plane fare 
for the additional coordinator . 
She explained that the Regents 
paid for only one representative 
from each UC campus, and that 
the additional stipend must 'Come 
from other sources. 

Wilson Discusses Refugees, ITT Probe 
The new rule, enfranchising all 

undergraduate students in at-
tendance, proved highly suc-
cessf ul. Approximately 75 
students took part in the meeting. 
I twas c lear many attended solely 
to participate in the election of 
the statewide coordinatorship 
because immediately after the 
elec tIOn nearly 40 students 
vac ated the student center 
conference room . 

Regents and SBPC 
The office of external affairs 

tatewide, deemed " an 
equivalent to the Student Body 
President" by nominee Fred 
Speck , was previously held by 
Karen Steentofte . 

Steentofte presented to the 
group a briet description of the 
office . Her primary duties during 

In their statements, Munoz and 
LiMandri argued that they could 
offer diversity and differE!nt 
perspectives which a single 
coordinator could not. They 
responded to the question of 
money by stating that " they 
would deal with the funding 
later." 

LiMandri did not base his 
qualifications upon previous 
experiences in statewide affairs 

Continued on page 3 

Representative Bob Wtfson . 

Bill Limiting Authority to Eject 
'Campus Disruptors' Passes Committee 

by Maura Dolan 
Sacramento Correspondent 

A bill limiting the authority of 
campus administrators to -eject 
"c ampus disrupters " from 
university property sailed through 
It first committee recently on a 
unanimous vote of approval. 

The bill , introduced by 
Assemblyman Ken Meade (0-
Berkeley), would require that a 
per on actually break the law to 
be excluded from campus . 

It would amend the Mulford 
ct , which currently authorizes 

ca mpus officers to remove any 
person for di rupting order--even 
if that person 's actions do not 
violate the law. 

Carte Blanche 
" The Mulford Act is a carte 

blanche to university ad-
ministrators who at their whim 
can remove any per on from 
campus:' Meade aid . "Campus 
officials have unlimited and 
unrestricted power that can easi Iy 
be abused ." 

Meade told the commit! e that 
the California upreme Court, in 
October 1973, reviewed the 

Mulford Ac t and ruled 
unanimously that an excluding 
order could not be issued unless a 
per on had violated the law. He 
said hi bill would simply make 
the Act comply with that court's 
ruling . 

The Mulford Act authorizes the 
"chief administrative officer" at 
college , elementary and 
e ondary schools to exclude a 

per on from campu for up to 14 
day if that person has "wilfully 
di rupted the orderly operation" 
of campus 

If that per on enter a campu 
before such an order expire or i 
re ci nded, h or he I guilty 
under th Mulford A t of a 
mi demeanor punishable by 
imprisonment. 

Meade's bill would reduce from 
14 to 7 the number of day a 
per on can b xclud d from 
unlver Ity property It would 
require ampu off I lal to glv 
the per on a hearing before 
I ulng an order and would permit 
a person Cited to expung hi or 
her r ord If It can be hown that 
the Citation was uniu tly I ued 

by Mark Stadler 
Community Editor 

Congressman Bob Wilson (R-San Diego) attempted to give UC San 
Diego students a history lesson on refugees and America Wednesday 
afternoon at Revelle plaza . 

Wil son was sponsored by Young Americans for Freedom (YAF) and 
poke before a crowd that swelled from 25 to 125 people over the 

course of his talk . 
Wilson asserted that the Vietnamese refugee qu stlon IS no diffpr nt 

than any refugee problem in America's past. He cited the 1956 Hungary 
crisis, when 100,000 Hungarians took refuge in the US and "became 
good citizens." 

The South Vietnamese now in the US were forced to flee In fear of 
their lives, Wilson said . He claimed that the arne situation e 1st d In 
Vietnam in the early 1950s and in B rlin when It was partloned 

Wilson also pointed out that the US is a " refugee nation," and added 
that most people living in San Diego and the rest of California have 
moved here . 

" 50 I get a little impatient with people questioning the Vietnamese 
refugees ' presence in America ," Wilson said 

After his brief remarks , Wilson opened it up for que tion , which 
la ted over an hour and a half. 

The e question varied from ITT and the Mayaguez to voting turnout 
and Vietnam . Since the e question ranged far from the announced 
topic of UC D's medica l chool , YAF member Tom Tanana tried to 
bring them back to health care, but faded 

Wil on , In hi talk , directed hi remark solei to the refugee 
question , n ver mentIOning the m d chool 

In re pon e to a query on III and the republ i an convention 
scandal , which re ulted In the re IgnatlOn of Atty Cen Richard 
Kleindienst, the conviction of alifornia Lt. Co . Ed Reinecke and the 
official clearing of Wilson, th ongre sman aid, th courts 'ha e 
proved hi innocence" and that the famou Ditta Beard memo \O\a 'a 
pi ce of fiction " 

H then urg d th c rowd to "get on With omething more ub-
stantive." 

Wilson was accu ed of coming to UC D to eek vote , and retorted 
that he didn 't, a the University I n't in hi 41 t District He came, he 
aid , be au e " Tom Tanana i a good friend of min " 

P,ed PIP r leadi"g ume oll"ger citue" 
"unopenrng" of the ludent Ce"ter Wed"e day 

10 the 



Pagetwc> Triton Times 

Lette? to the Editor 

You p9~~ ,~~~?e A~~~~~~~~ 4~~~:~~:~~~ ,,;d 
May 7 edition with the headline, has been signed Into law by the We could diS uss th(> s€''Tlatics 
"GSA Here Sees End of governor. Subsequently, a group of what IS meant by " harassed ." 
Harassmel't." It concerned the of clergy and citizen churchgoers One of the malor reasons I was 
passage 01 AB 489, authored by formed the Coalition of Christian outspokenly again t AS 489 and 
Assemblyman Willie Brown (D- Citizens (C(C) . The CCC has why I support its repeal is that the 
San Francisco). It quoted, at some launched a referendum effort to current crimi nality of the acts 
length, a spokesman for UCSD's repeal the Homosexual Freedom make it possible for law en-
Gay Student Association (GSA) Act. forcement to at least have a 
and what benefits the legislation , Your GSA spokesman (the fact cha nce to keep overt 
which I call the Homosexual that there is such a thing as a Gay homosexuals from "harassing" 
Freedom Act of 1975, would have Student Association is evidence straight citizens who do not want 
for homosexuals on your campus . in itself of the growing to take part in their type of ac-
The editor·in-chiefs byline was aggressiveness of homosexuals) tivity. If your spokesman cited as 
on the article. said AB 489 will take away police "harassment" the arrest of 

There are some inaccuracies in forces' "vehicle for harassment" homosexuals who were making 
the story . I'm sure he wrote it of homosexuals. He referred to public nuisances of themselves, 
accurately and that he quoted the instances in Los Angeles and San then he probably doesn't un-
spokesman correctly . I suspect Diego where police had used the derstand the meaning of the 
the GSA pokesman was not criminal statu tes against word . 
p~ecise in_his stateme~ts . homosexual acts to harass 

UCSD Should Offer 
- . 

Free Breast, Pelvic Exams 
"There will be 46,000 new cases of cervical cancer in 1975 Eleven 

thousand of these women will die from the disease. Since the advent of 
the Pap smear, deaths from cervical cancer have steadily decreased, 
and It IS believed that they will continue to decrease as the use of Pap 
smears becomes more widespread " - American Cancer Society . 

For instance, during the first 
eight months of 1974, Los Angeles 
police made 1,836 arrests for 
homosexual -related sex offenses. 
1,816 of those arrests were made 
In public place, and in another 
16 cases the "private" nature of 
the location was at least 
questionable . I n other words, 
homosexual arrests were made in 
avowedly private places in only 4 
of 1,836 cases. I hardly call that 
·'harassment ." 

Another point on the 
aggres ive natur of some 
homosexuals . I n a urvey of 1,800 
college students by Judson J. 

, landis of UC Berkeley, it was 
found that 85% of the males 
interviewed reported they had 
been solicited by a homosexual to 
participate in a homosexual act. 
Of the males solicited, more than 
66% reported that the solicitation 
occurred before thei r 16th bi r-
thday . 

One statement in particular by 
your GSA spokesman typifies the 

Friday, May 30, 1975 

The Trltlln T1_ Ie offlcHlly rea .. nI ...... I atu4ent M .. '.,.r by the 
C_unlcatl_ ._d of UCIO. Publication II 011 MondaYI, Wad~y ••• nd. 
Friday. during the _Jar ICho~ y_ luoapt on official hoIl..,.,. EdltOfiaI IfNI. 
bull .... offl_ .r.located In t" ...... H .. lon the Revell. Col .... c.mpu •. 

L-"ara to the Ecltor Ind opinion columN arl walcomad. All .ubmllll_ 
ehould be tvlllCl on •• • .... c. II .. on non-corroalllli 111_. '""'" ehcwld not 
uOHd thr. 111_. In Ilft8th. Thl Triton T1_ .... "'. the rI_ht to adlt .ul»-
mlllloftl bIcauM of llllca Nm .. tI_ arltyle ....... Ir_. 

For "tarill, call.·_; for bUII_Ind ~anta, caII __ __ 

kind ot misrepresentation of the 
role the police play. He said , "We 
feel it\ time for law enforcement 
to get out of the bedrooms and 
begin to protect against victim 
crimes " I know of no case wnere 
police have burst into anyone's 
bedroom solely because it was 
suspected there were homosexual 
acts occurring inside. In fact, 
courts have placed rather severe 
restrictions on the kind ot actIOns 
which can be used for ap· 
prehension by police in 
California. There are no-knock 
laws, entrappment rulings and the 
like . As a matter of fact, there 
really would be little problem if 
the homosexuals would only 
confine their sexual activity to 
the bedroom . But many of them 
do not, and that's exactly why we 
do not want a law like AB 489 to 
remain on the book . 

Another POint which IS very 
important : you quote Assem-
blyman Larry Kaplloff , With 
whom I debated the issue 
recently , as saying the bill made 
no referenc to homosexuals 
teaching . While that may be 
techni ally correct, I submi t that 
the very first line of AB 489 states 
" An act to amend Section 12912 
of the Education Code ... " 

Under current law. sex of· 
fenders mu t register as uch . 
Persons convicted of such crimes, 
including homosexual acts (and, 
as I have mentioned, this usually 
means some kind of overt ac· 
tivity) are precluded from ob-
taining a license to teach in our 
public schools . I n the words of 
your GSA spokesman, " it would 

be fanta~tlc " If AS 489 would 
have any bearing on teaching . He 
Jlso said. "There are a lot of gay 
teachers in the closet now, 
because If they 're teachi ng. and 
the chool finds out , it's all over ." 
Precisely the point. 

When the currently illegal act 
are purified by AB 489, obviously 
homosexual teachers will be able 
to " come out of the closet. " as it 
were, and there would be nothing 
the people cou ld do about it. I 
don ' t believe anyone can deny 
the Impact teachers have on 
young students . Currently, the 
homoseJ1ual teacher must be very 
carefu l about relating to hiS or her 
sexual preference in the 
classroom. I t only stands to 
reason that once tho e 
preferences are sanctIOned by 
legalization, the students are 
going to be vulnerable to those 
homo exual teachers who want to 
spread their mes age. 

I t IS no secret that an 
I ran CISCO gay pressure groups 
have wanted a Gay Liberation Act 
for some time . Assemblyman 
Brown Introduced identical 
legislation for at least six con· 
secutive years ThiS year. the an 
franCISCo area legislators 
prevailed upon the remainder of 
the state I ubmit that when the 
referendum repeal ing AB 489 IS 
approved by the people next year, 
It wll I clearly prove that the rest 
of California does not want to 
reflect the morality of San 
Francisco's decadent North 
Beach-Tenderloin district . 

H.L. RICHARDSON 
STATE SENATOR 

"Ovarian cysts, cervical erosion and other vaginal abnormalities are 
often undetected until the time of a pelVIC exam Symptoms for VD are 
also very often undetectabl e In women until an exam and culture or 
blood test are performed. For the e reason s, health authorities see 
routine pelvic exams as a necessity for the maintenance of good health 
among women ." - Planned Parenthood, SD. 

Post Claims Proof of Resurrection 

"Over thirty thousand women die trom breast cancer ea h year--
many of them needless ly . About 85 % of women with breast cancer can 
be alive and well five years after treatment, if the disease is discovere-d 
early I n con junction With pelvic exams, breast exams should be 
routine procedure as a check for any abnormaliti es . At thl time in · 
structi on may be g iven on the procedure for self examination whi ch 
facilitate diagnosis and treatment " - American Cancer Society . 

I t IS mandatory for wom n that the above mentioned exams be 
perform d yearly and preferabl y every six months. Currently, th UCSD 
Health Center will not perform routine pelviC and breast exam - they 
can be obtained only through the Birth Control Clinic at the student's 
expense. Other UC campuses (Berkeley, Davis, los Angeles, Riverside, 
San Franci sco, Santa Cruz and Santa Barbara) provide these services as 
part of their regular student health care plans. We believe these ser-
vices should be provided to women through the UCSD Student Health 
Service with no charge. 

We u.rge your support in signing petitions currently being circutated , 
attending meetings announced in the Triton Times, and by sending us 
comments and responses in care of the Women's Center, mail code C-
006 

Eaward Simons 
Managing Iditor 

(!barles Heimler 
N_.edltor 

Sara J . Lowen 
Iditorill director 

Mark Stadler 
Community Iditor 

Paul Wagner 
Spol'1llditor 

John~. Taylor 
Edltor·ln-chlef 

ANN ELlE 
MARGARET STOWELL 

CATHRIN CALLAS 
DANA WHITE 

ZOEY MAILLOUX 
JEFF HARRISON 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

Tad Sperry 
Photo editor 

The counter oHer of $100 (TT 
May 28) to prove the resurrection 
"beyond a reasonable doubt" is 
an offer I would like to claim in 
my quest for histOrical truth . I 
would only ask that you view my 
material hi storically I will 
present issues you may not have 
pre.viously encountered as 
material you can reason with 
historically. My demons tration 
will be to show what is more 
likei y to have occurred . 
Hopefully, through this evidence 
of probability your desire to know 
"beyond a reasonable doubt" will 
be satisfied or bri ng you to grips 
with the historicity of the 
resurrection . 

First, let me admit my own 
historically-examined-belief. I am 
convinced that the historic 
manifestation of God in Jesus to 
be the cornerstone of my faith 
that is really Christian . Any 
historical question about the real 
Jesus who lived some 1900 years 
ago is, therefore, fundamentally 
important. My belief cannot be 

siaff w,t:iters 
Elizablth Chlment 

Devi EI.en 
Stevl Elmedlne 
Merg .. lt Hewey 

Cliff HirlCh 
Nancy Hod.on 
Chl"l. Hyde 
Craig JlcklOn 
Gerry K. ntor 
Cierenci King 
Sib Niliaen 
Jim Nuckola 
Jerry Redich 
Scott Sidil 

Oenill Sh_ler 
Jim Shipmen 

Mett Symmont 
Craig Uchlde 

Petti Wolf 
Richerd YIP 

Prod1tction 
K,thy Cn,.. 
A nne lIlbler 

Keren M.lamud 
Robart McCIIi 

(Alit. Me .... Ed., 
SonleNI.h 

Denlel Shawler 
BIIIWII.on 
Business 
GI.nn aeroy 

Eltelle Herzog 
DenienMoore 

G recil Y Ilvlngton 
tAIit. Bu •. Me .... ' 

AnSo~~I" 
Mlchall Mlltua 
Sheu ... Stok .. 

!-lemor Repoller 
a,., Hie". 

Photography 
Cherie. rIO 

Denl .. P .... 
KathyCoxe 

Secretary 

separated from logiC and h·istory. 
Your belief for rejecting the 

resurrection seem to stem from 
naturalistiC presuppositions 

(~upernatural events do not 
happen) . This then can caus a 
person to conclude this is an 
error, since before one reaches 
the conclusion one has already 
decided not to accept the oc-
currence of supernatural events . 
ThiS error prevents a person from 
histOrically conSidering even the 
remote possibility that the 
resurrection might be historically 
reliable 

My evidence for the 
resurrection may be examined by 
reading the last few chapters of 
each gospel. As to their reliabi I ity 
one may examine primary source 
accounts . There are 13,000 extant 
manuscripts (9000 latin, 4()()O 
Greek) that were written some 
25(}'300 years after Christ's death . 
This may seem to be a tremen-
dous I nterval , but when com-
pared to other classical 
documents from this period, the 
interval from original com-
positIOn to extant manuscripts is 
75(}'1000 years. 

In addition , few classical 
documents number above 100 
extant manuscripts, with most 
less than 20 The New Testament 

can almo t be completely 
(gospels totally) reproduced by 
early church fathers (Clement of 
Rome, IgnatiUs. Polycarp, Justin 
Martyr , AD 70-150) quoting 
passages or acknowledging their 
existen ce When given th 
conf I rmatlon of Apos tol ic 
author h.!p and Jewish-Christlan 
persecutions, you reduce the 
uncertainty of reallabllity of the 
documents . fOr all practical 
purpo es, to zero . 

As to different accounts or 
theories (swoon, stolen body, 
wrong tomb . charlatan) ex-
plaini ng the resurrection, most 
will fall by their own unhistoric 
construction As yet, no one at 
UCSD has stepped forw~rd to 
historically defend one of these 
theories . likewise, no one has 
submitted any evidence for a 
non- upernatural picture of Jesus, 
for all parts of the Gospel record 
how a consistent picture of Jesus 

as MeSSiah, the Son of God . Add 
to this the difficulty of explaining 
,why the diSCiples died suc h 
tortuous deaths, unless as they 
said, they aw the resurrected 
Lord. These same men appealed 
to their audiences to come to 
grip With what they know about 

Continued on Page 3 

Clio's Reply 
To Thomas Williams' "Ode to 

HSS, History Dept." 
When I leave my fifth floor Ivory Tower 
To face my class at the lecture hour 
I see the truth of what you say 
The vacanl eyes, the quest/or the "A "; 
Bu I were 110 do a stn'ptease, climb a tree, 
Reenact Canossa on bended I!nee, 
Still in those faces J would see 
Those marks of boredom and apathy. 
There's JNSI so much that a prof can do : 
Some oj the/alllt, sir, lies wilh YOll. 

. 

CISSIE FAIRCHILDS, 
ASSIST ANT PROFESSOR 
HISTORY 

OF 

Friday. May 30, 1975 Triton Times Page three 

Seb Nielsen 
Interviews at Third .Colleg~, Subject: Racism , 
In~tltLition , according to my dictionary , reier, to a about your ell or a conception of yourself that's Communications does . Everybody who either ~ea~s or 

.,1I;niflcant organizatlon .in a so lety or culture. Racism healthy I 'm gOing to make sure that you think you ' re uses the term, either Third College ,or Communications, 
I, "a belief that race IS a significant determinant of Inferior . not only to m(> but to all mankind .. and I'm not thinks they know exactly what they re talking about and 
human traits and capacities and that racial differences gOing to give you any real opportunity to disapprove my think th y know exactly what you talk about and, what 
produce an inherent superiority of a particuliar race." beliefs and what I think ... I'm going to structure your you 're a part of and very often there I~st Isn t any 

I\mong sundry other things, 
there is eVidence of racism within 
the institution of UCSD. Focusing 
on racism, institutions, Third 
College and cosmic nipples, the 
follow I ng is an abs tract of a 
rece nt InterView with two 
graduate students affiliated with 
Third College. 

experiences and environment to support my belief ... " common ground at all What they thln.k Third College IS 
What about ocial / political racism at ucsm Z "The ha nothing to do With what Third IS In reality 

social aspects are less obvious and easy to identify " People create scapegoats. The same way that the 
because you can always say the reason that black black In the south became a fixed point of eXistence 
people and white people don't fraternize is a matter of even for the poor white who can always say, ' I may be 
personal choice. Politically, I think a prime example is poor, but at least I'm not black .' At UCSD, anyone who 
the status of Third College at UCSD. I t started as a has some kind of identity problem, some insecurity, 
program that would evolve into a college with some psychologICal maladjustment can create a 
departments and from its inception it was offered as an scapegoat and the easiest one for them may well be 
allernative to traditional dualistic, European ap- Third . I think you 'll find that anyone more Informed 

One of them IS mostly blac'k, the other mostly white, 
both people of color . One female, one male, both in-
dividuals . 

proaches. to academia. I t was to be based on and ad- about Third will Invariably be more Impressed with it 
vance the perspective of the Third World, with full It's those who know least about Third College that will 
academic status. be most negative about it. For example, Third is the only 

First, I asked Z for a definition of racism . " Simply, the 
interior belief of superiority of one race over another ." 
Innate? "Yes, inherent. Certainly part of the essential 
character . But keep in mind the behavior consequences 
and manifestations ." 

"However, as is known to most on this campus, the place on this campus where you can find a culturally 
actual position of Third College, if in fact it can be pluralistic focus " 
called a college - Without departments - is one of You mentioned that Third has lost much of its 
absolute dependence . Which gets back to my statement dynamism, -- what's responsible for that? Z "That would 
that the racist always tries to structure a situation so take hours and days Some of the reasons are that some 
that his perspective of superiority can be reinforced ." of the original goals of the founders were unreali stic in 

" Like this, " aid A . " I believe I'm superior to you so 
now I 'm goi ng to deny you certai n ... huma n rights ... 1 'm 
;lOt even going to allow vou to develop an attitude 

What does that make Third? " A stepchild ." A bastard? terms of the UC system to tolerate . Particul iarly, some 
" yes.'" of the more political goals, the more radi cal , the more 

A' "Third suffers the same definitional problem as Continued on Page 4 

More Letters 
Not Too Late to Stop Town Center 

When University Town Center is completed what 
will we have? Another prestressed concrete 

~ hopping center with ticky-tack dry wall high·rent 
apartments and a few tree strategical ly and artfully 
placed in a parking lot 

money talking from the very beginning . We don't 
need a developer to sell us access to consumer 
goods. If it can be established that the students 
need a town center, then why not let the students 
articulate what should be bui It? 

What w won't have are the large birds of prey 
which make their home in the hills east of the 
Unlver Ity and the open space where nature occurs 
right In iront of our eyes . What is a beautiful and 
very unique space will become nothing more than a 
treeway off-ramp to eredl t-card heaven 

Who w~11 benefit' The students obviously won ' t 
~rnest Hahn will profit from developing land that 
IrVin J. Kahn obtained when UCSD was first being 
planned The students don't need a Mission Valley 
land·rape facility . Our needs are much more easily 
met The tudents would do lust fine buying 
vegetables and suppl ies out of a quonset hut. 
Again . who will benefit? Certainly not San Diego, 
which will have to abide one more meadow, hill , 
vista and ecological community bulldozed In the 
name of capitalist consumerist exploitation . 

Bei ng a native San Diegan, I remember the area 
before the freeways, shopping plazas and general 

~prawl that have changed our area almost beyond 
total recognition . There aren 't too many chances 
left for the whole community of San Diego, be it 
the University community or not to say, 
" Development for whom, for what?" San Diego will 
not be complete to the developers untd there is no 
pace left unpaved, untrafficked and un-

commerCial . 

We are being robbed of the chance to do for 
our elves . We have not been polled, consulted or 
even considered in this malter . This has been big 

MiSSion Valley, Fashion Valley, Grossmont 
Center, Parkway Plaza and the Escondido Shopping 
Mall are built : they will not be undone. University 
Town Center is not built and we don't have to live 
With it yet. What I 'm saying is that it is not too late. 
We don't have to let this be pushed down our 
throats for someone else's profit. WE OON'T WANT 
IT! Let's say so and put a stop to it right now. 

Activities ... 
Continued from Page 1 

effect a lot of change." The board has not only planned 
recreational activities, like the talent show and dances, 
but has also transmitted students' complaints to food 
service administrators, talked to library officials about 
getting library hours extended , and got a clause put into 
the hOUSing contract prohibiting tripling of students in 
dorm rooms 

Coop ... 
Continued From Pase 1 

(he admitted not haVing any) . 
Rather. he dealt with his 
Ideology . He felt that "drastic 
change " were neces ary in the 
SI3PC and that the i'tegents and 
SBP( would have their "minds 
blown" by ome of his ideas . 

Elitist Group 
LiMandri said that the SBPC 

was an "elitist group" that 
disregarded " most Important" 

~tudent feedback He also stated 
that he was basically frustrated 
and "wanted to ee change ." 

MunOL also admitted to not 

having had much statewide 
experience . She felt that her 
expl'rience in Third College af-
fairs and her contact with 

tudents were her essential 
qualifications . 

Their opponents in the election 
were Fred Speck and Alex Annala . 
Both gave presentations . Speck '~ 
credentia ls included co-directing 
th first Student lobby for the 

ommllnlty Col leges in 
California, erving on the Board 
of Governors for Community 
Colleges , and working as a chosen 
consl,; ltant for the Master Plan for 
Higher Education 

PAUL B. SCRANTON 

Proof of 
Resurrection 

Continued hom Page 2 
' the events . likewise, Paul 's 
conversion can only be attributed 
to the resurrection . 

Whether I plausibly" demon-
strated the likelihood of the 
resurrection occurring " beyond a 
reasonable doubt" to your 
atisfaction, only " US" can judge. 

I welcome any further 
correspondence or dialogue. 

I personally can identify with 
" US" for I was once repugned by 
the idea of the resurrection , until 
I could not escape its historicity. 
likewise, I personally understand 
what Paul Tdlich said when he 
referred to Christ as a " shaking of 
the foundations ." 

GEORGE POST 

Loss of Pirages Is 
Loss to University 

by Clarence king 
Staff Writer 

On my first day in attendance at UC San Diego, I met a brIght young 
Instructor, Dennis Pi rages. It was an experience I doubt I will ever 
forget. The class was Political Science 105, -- its function was to explain 
the effect that technology (the technical effects of the Industrial 
Revolution) has had, and is projected to have, on the SOCiety in which 
we live . 

For ·the first time I was being exposed to an individual who had 
pains'takingly brought together the phenomena of present day 
economic thinking, vast technological advancements and political 
ideologies in a coherent, cause and affect relationship. 

I faithfully attended lectures tWice a week, and was rewarded by 
expo ure to Pirage's obviously well thought~ut solutions to current 
dilemmas He was very articulate In answering the questions that came 
up In class, - his answers were careful and forward-looking . 

I have been told that Dennis Pirages is not being offered tenure this 
year, and as a result of this, that he is accepting a position with tenure 
at dnother university . When I spoke with Pirages, he aid tha t tenure 
wa not offered because of basic Ideological differences of opinion 
rather than because of academic standards . 

Department chairman Sanford Lakoff would not give specifics, but 
~aid that the criteria for granting tenure were evaluated both Internally 
and externally in three area , - teaching ability , research and publIC 
5 rVlce Lakoff also said that he per onally made the decision to den 
tenure. . 

Paul Saltman, Vice-Chancellor for Academic AffairS, said that the 
area that Dennl PI rage fell down In wa re earch, bu t added tha t 
tenure might have been granted If Plrages had ful filled thi S area. 

Thi tatement was denied by Plrage Piragcs said that Lakoff aid 
thal he was no longer welcome at UCSD becau e of the Ideological 
differences between them 

Wh n que tloned about hi re earch, Plrages howed me three of his 
published works and indicated that he has two more that he IS 

Continued on Page 4 

Friday and Saturday Ricks 

"Hey, Toots, let's go to the 
TTENTION: cila'ton 

:Je.WE.t..U 6-
§i(ttl. 

Call Edna for 
, information 

UCSD'. Summer Session offers many courses, Among 
them are: 

SOCIOLOGY 112: SOCIAL STRATIFICATION For 4 Units 

SOCIOLOGY 123: THE SOCIOLOGY OF SUICIDE For 4 
Units 

SOCIOLOGY 130: SOCIOLOGY OF DEVELOPMENT For 4 
Units 

For further information contact the UCSD Summer 
Session Office, 101 Matthews Campus or call (714) 452-
4364 , 

CU! tom Ccutin.q 
<=:i oCcbm i.t~ 

'::sUv£umilfu. 
:pw£ClfI a.nd <'Watch 

ujJ.a''lUl.9 
Special: Sterling and 

Gold Filled Pin"., Ri,,~ 
$2.95 10$oUS 

DIAMONDS ENGRAVING 
STONE SETIING 
937 Grand Ave. 

12 :00 to 5:00 



Pap four I 

INEVITABLY, THE SUPERHERO ... 
Comic books are not just kiddie books or funny animal stories . 
Pause . 
Just wanted to get that straight at the start. 
Assorted skeptics clamor for justification . So I'll prove my statement, 

using the staple of graphic panel literature, the superhero. 
Comic books, l ike any form of literature, can be read from many . 

points of view : as straight slam-bang adventure, a mythology, as 
satire, as relevant social comment. 

It's on the latter that I' ll dwell : the superhero as a reflection of 
society . 

And I' ll use a long lived biggie, Captain America. Cap has been 
around since 1941 . He's had character, costume and power changes. 
He's been twice cancelled and twice returned . In each of those in-
carnations he has reflected the contemporary American society . 

In the forties Cap was created as a Super Patriot, a rally ing point for 
Americans against The Enemy, draped in red-white-and-blue. But once 
The War ended, Cap's popularity dropped off and he was cancelled . 

With the Korean War Cap was back, again a symbol for Good against 
Evil. I n this War he battled against the Yellow Menace instead of the 

azis. With War's end, Cap faded again 
The third revival came in the sixties, 1964. The reason was not the 

Vietnamese War, although Marvel Comics (Cap's publishers) were still 
into fighting commies at the time. The reasons were financial, as they 
had been before, of course; But for the firs t time Cap was not a symbol 
of the time, at least not yet. 

In fact, he was an anachronism, and that was the basis for most 
Captain America stories in those early years . Cap would fight some 
supervi llian while lamenting that all his friends were dead and he 
didn' t fit in . 

Eventually this grew tiresome and the plots progressed . When the 
Easy Rider movement was on in the late sixties, Cap acquired a bike, 
slung his shield across his back and rode off into the sunset to find 
himself, hi s niche in life . 

He didn't fi nd it. 
Cap's metamorphosis was not finished . Watergate came and brought 

with it extreme disi lIusionment. People were, and still are, distrustful of 
government and authority figures . Symbols have been viewed In two 
ways : some cling to them (American flags and bumperstickers) and 
some reject them complete ly . 

Even Captain America . 

I n an Incredible multI-issue story, young writer Steve Englehart took 
Cap from the proud symbol of America to a humbled disillusioned 
Nomad . An ultramodern advertising executive, who doubled as a 
supervilla in, organi7.ed a subtle insidious ad campaign to turn the 
American people against Cap. 

It worked . Cap was framed for murder and forced into hiding. The 
master plan conti nued as the Secret Empire, the group behind it all, 
almost seized control of Washington . But they were stopped just in 
time, with help from Cap, who chased down the Empire's leader . 

After catching him Cap pulled off his mask and gasped, "Not you." 
The leader then shot himself. 

Cap never told anyone who the bos~ INa , but he presumably was the 
President, or some comparable figure 

Completely dIsillUSIoned with America, and the Ideals he had fought 
for over a 30 year period, Cap' left his identify for a new one, Nomad-
Man Without A Country. 

Although he finally turned back to Captam America, Cap's soul 
searching during the Nomad period stands as a classic analysis of The 
American Dream and all it stands for . 

So you see comIc books aren ' t all irrelevent fun Whether the writers 
realize It or not they have reflected American so iety from the forties 
to the seventies, with their uperheroes, In a glittering microcosm of 
life 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING ~~ 
J\lf~~ 

S}'Sr p 
c;i¥S 

COl. OR PROCESSING DA IL Y B Y KODA K 
PENTA>':, OL Yl'fPI I.~, ~ KONICA CAMER AS & LENSES 

LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 
INCLUDING 

KonAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES'SER VICE "TRADES· REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB· DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AYE 

458-7355 

Triton Times Friday, May 30, 1975 

-news in ' brief-
, Renaissance 
Symposium 

"Mexico and the Renaissance," 
The 8th Annual Salk Institute-UC 
San Diego Renaissance Sym-
posium, will begin tonight and 
continue through tomorrow on 
campus with speeches and panels 
by distinguished scholars from 
universities ' in Mexico and 
California . 

James Lockhart, UCLA 
professor of history, will give the 
opening address at 8 pm tonight 
in the Mandevi lle center's east 
rcom . His talk is enti tl ed "The 
Aftermath of Humanism : 
Colonial Nahuatl Documentation 
and Its Meaning for the History of 
M exican Indians." 

Sess ion will be held tomorrow 
from 9: 15 am to 5 pm at the 
International Center. Luis Villoro, 
Un iversidad M etropolitana 
(Mexico Ci ty), wi ll give the 
morning speec h entitled 
"Concepcion acerca del mu ndo 
indigena en el Siglo XVI en la 
Nueva Espana." In the afternoon 
session Margarita Pena, of UNAM 
(Mexico City) will speak about 
" Impacto del Renacimoento 
E panol en las Letras 
Novohispanas ." 

The program is sponsored by 
the Departments of History and 
Literature and the Center for 
Iberian and Latin American 
Studies. 

unauthorized entry into their 
dorm~ 

Morales says students should 
be carefu l , especially around the 
end of the q uarter and that they 
should keep their doors locked 
and report any strange oc-
currences or inrlividuals . 

It is also adVIsable that all 
bicycles be locked with the chain 
through both wheels and also the 
frame. There has been a wave of 

mis~lng bicycles, some of wh;ch 
have been stolen with one wheel 
~tililocked to the bike rack . 

Racism •.. 

Third Plans 
Mountain Trip 

Third College stud'ents are 
planning an all day trip to 
Cuyamaca Mountains on 
Saturday. May 31 

Meal cards or money will b 
accepted for lunch . Buses will be 
available for those without 
transportation though one can 
use his private auto if desired. 
(One guest per person .) More 
information can be obtained by 
the Third ~ollcge Deans office. 

Continued from Page 3 
militant things ' that Angela ' Davis and others are 
assocIated WIth . On the other hand, some of the goals 
that were rea listic and ~till are realistic were opposed 
becau e of a certain cultural narrowness of the 
University ... the simple phrase is racism . But l:hat tends 
to mislead people . Nobody thinks of h i.mself as racist. 

" I think the UnIversity ha It prioritIes established in 
,uch a way that it is difficult to come into it from a 
different cultural or ethnI C tradition than say the idea l 
one whIch is a ri h , upper middle class. W II educa ted, 
establ l hed part of society " 

Professor Pirages ... 
Cont inued from Page 3 

Sessions are 
the publ ic. 

free and open to currently working on . The books he has published have been favorabl 
reviewed in manv publica tions. 

Police Notes 
UC San Diego police officer 

Manuel Morales says there have 
been numerous instances 
recently of female students bei ng 
accosted in parking lots, and 
orne instances of individuals 

attempting to sec ure 

Pirages sai d he has also published some ten scholarly articles and 
papers . 

As a footnote, it must be added that a political cience recruit for 
next year. Samuel Popkin from the University of Texas , is being ap-
pointed as an associate professor with no significant published book 
and few articles . 'It seems to me that different standards are being 
applted to different persons. 

I am personally sorry to see that instructor leave - his inputs and 
experti se were very enlightening to me. I hope that the university 

sy~tem that I lucky enough to get Dennis Pirages hows more ap-
preciation than the UCSD political science departm nt has 

CHICANO UNDERGRADUATE 
STUDENTS 

Sunday EPI 
Services I n Area 

UCSD EPISCOPALIANS 12: •• t 
Unlv. luthwen Ch. 
_le Jol .. Shor .. 0,. 

Chicano Undergraduate students are needed to par-
ticipate in a study concern ing the e)( perience of the 
Chicano in Higher Education . Interv iews w ill be held at 
Matthews Campus 507 start ing Weds May 28 th ro ugh 
June 6, 1975. You will be paid $5.00 (approx . two hrs .) 
for your lime. Please call to schedule an appointment 
at your earliest convenience as . only 100 s tudents are 
needed. Tel # 452-4149 . 

F,. Joeeph Young ph. 412'-14 
GOOD SAMARITAN ( m .. t. .t 

Sch.1 
2140 S.d.rblom. UnIversIty City 
e .nd 10 • . m. (S.8.--.n." .. 1 
ST. JAMES BY-THE-BEA 
743 P,o..,..,t St. le Joll. 
7:30.' (6.B.--.II .... ' & 11 
ST. PETER'S 
, P.rleh lene, 0.1 M., 

. e, 1'8.8 ,-,.11 11 

... .. . ~- - --1--~--..,.. .. .. . . 
.~ •• ' • I·' •••• 

.... · ..... .~- -,.-
I • I, '. '.' • ., :. :. ~ 

:-t': i~:. : ~ II ' •• • ~--lL~-~-~'--~-~:;I--~~-.:.:"·.·" : :.' • ., I- ~ I" ~ :, ••• 
. . . .... ' . . .. " 

. . . . '. . 
-·r'·' • II • • • ~ ,., l - · - .. - .. . I · .' I, • .. ..... ~, : •• - - ~ . - 'T. 

i · 1\S'~c" 
1\\f. fQ'fCl!JO" .~ tl, .. 

n\f. J\---if."O-r:\\.\G 
5\(\\15 \ .. £1 • 60 • lI1"U1\," ,. __ ~~. 

~ dancin9 \~\\ a\ ~ e'/.\~uces &. .. 'f 
50 e~c\\\n9 .... ~ ., 

e \\'\8" . :f h. p\us. f{\Of .. ' . . ... 
... . .'JI'. 

~Disntglqnd 

Friday, May 30, 1975 Triton Times Page five 

DO YOU WANT TO HELP RUN THIS PLACE? 
Students need students to sit on statewide 

and campus committees for the 1915-1976 
academic year. We need people who have an 
interest and some knowledge in the areas of the 
committees listed below to be members of these 
administrative committees and to add a student 

voice to the decision making of this university. 
Believe it or not, committees playa big role in 
what comes down around here, and therefore one 
way to change what's been coming down around 
you is be on a committee. The University is not 
going to change by itself. We have to do 
something. 

Presidential Advisory 
Committees 
• (graduates and undergraduates cho3er. rrom all nine 
campuses to fill the one or more student seats on each 
committee). 

Academic Plilnning and Program Review Board: 
Academic planning and review of programs; preparing ' 
operating and capital budget recommendations for the 
Pres lde-nt's review and approval;" developing policy 
~tatements for the President on a variety of topics . 

Aff i rm at ive Act ion Ad~ i sory Commi ttee: To 
recommend and report to the President through its 
chairman on the adminIstration of the Program; consult 
and adVIse the Vice Presidents and the President, or 
theIr designees, on the Program ; and provide assistance 
With uch matters as employee development and 
trai nIng programs. 

Aff irmative Act ion Advisory Committee, University-
wide: To advise and give recommendations to the 
President concerning the organization and direction of 
the affirmative action programs , priorities and th"? 
allocation of budgeta y reSOurces among. the programs, 
and ways to cover gdPS whIch may become evident 
among the programs . 

Athletic Advisory BOilrd, Intercampus: To advise the 
President on such matters as administrative 
organization and financial support of athletic programs, 

re lation~ of athletic programs to departments of _ 
phYSIcal aducation, membership in athletic con-
ferences , and intercollegiate athletics . 

Chicanos and the University of Cil lifornia, Task Force on : 
To develop and recommend realistic ways and means by 
whIch Chicano presence (s tudent, staH member, scholar, 
and curricular study) can be significantly Increased and 
retained at the University of California . The specific 
charge will be (1) develop date which reflects accurately 
the current status of the Chicano presence Within the 
Univer ity ; (2) identify those conditions and barriers 
which have operated and continue to operate against a 
proper understandir'lg of the Chicano experience and an 
Improved and diversified Chicano persence within the 
University ; (3) recommend goa ls and timetables for 
achievement of proper understanding and increase 
prese'nce of Chicanos at the Univer ity; and (4) develop a 
rat Ionale and recommend methods of attaining the above 
goa ls and timetablp< 

Consortium for the Ex tended University, Advisory 
Counci l to the: To provide advice regarding Extended 
Unlver Ity policy to the Vice President- Extended 
Academi C and Public ervice Programs. 

Financia l Aid Administration, Task Force on : To 
reView eXIsting organization, policy, sys tems , and 
procedures governing student financial aid, including 
student loan collection. 

Incl usion Areils, Administrative Advisory Committee on : 
To adVIse the President on matters related to in ius ion 
areas developed in connection with the University's 
campu e . 

Innovative Projects, Advisory Committee on : To 
review all applicatIOns for budgetary support of In-
novative or experimental ins tructIonal projects . 

Instruc ti~a l Improvement Programs, Advisory Com-
mittee on: To help coordinate and gIve adVIce con-
cernl ng the UnIverSity' gen ral effort toward the im-
provement of· Instruction, and speCIfIcally concerning a 
number of existing projects which re late to the im-
provementof instruction . 

Leilrnina Resources, Achtisory Committee for: The 
CommIttee IS responsible for adviSing the President on 
developments m educational televiSion technology and 
the development of the effiCIency and effectiveness of 

m~truction lhrouch the fu ll range of media r~5OUrces . 

Academic Senate 
Committees 

1] ACildemic Freedom : The committee studies and at 
i ts discretion reports to the Senate any condition within 
or WIthout the University which , in the judgement of the 
committee, may affect the academic freedom of the 
members of the University, with particular referen ce to 
the reputation of the University and individual members 
of the Senate. 

2] Educa tional Po licy and Courses (CEP): This 
committee considers all matters of educational policy 
referred to it by the President, the Chancellor, or the 
Senate. An exceedingly powerful committee that has a 
great impact on undergraduate and graduate academic 
life .. 

3] Executive and Policy (EPC]: This committee is the 
major policy-making committee for the Senate. It acts 
ior the Senate during the summer, or when the Senate is 
unable to act upon a matter 

4J Library: This committee advises the Chancellor on 
t'he operation of the libraries at UCSD. It reviews 
budgets and advises the Chancellor on all matters 
relating to library policy . 

5) University Welfare: This commIttee IS primarily 
concerned wi th faculty salar ies and other aspects of 
faculty wel fa re . 

6] Special Scholarships: This committee assists and 
advises the operation of the Educational Opportunites 
Program . It revies applications and makes recom-
mendations for admission of special action students . 

There is student power. 

Administrative 
Committees 

11 Ad Hoc Bedch Development: ThiS committee 
rev Iews plans for the b aches adJa ent to the campu , 
making ,>ure that the plan prOVIde for re reational u es 
that will protect the experimental and other sC ienti fiC 
reQulr ments of the UCSD communI ty . 

21 Bookslore Advisory: ThIS commit! e advl in the 
development of re ommendahon for op rational 
Improvement and long range goals It IS adVISOry to the 
hooks tore manager, who In turn is re ponsible to 
AuxilIary Ent rprtSe , under the Vice Chancellor of 

\3U~1 ne Management 
31 Campus Plilnning: Thl commIttee IS re pon Ible 

for r vIew of all planning and building at UCSD All 
building prolects mu t clear this commIttee 

4 J Computer Center Po licy: This ommittee IS charga::l 
WIth putting the U . D Computer enter on a sound 
operatIng basi and maintaIning It a uch 

51 Affirmiltive Action Subcommittee on WOm.1n: Thl 
commIttee in~ures that equal employment for women at 
UCSD I a reality 

&] Afirmative Action Subcommittee on Minorities: 
This committee insures that equal employment for 
mInorities is a r.eaiity at UCSD. 

7] Housing and Food Services Advisory: This com-
mittee reviews the concepts, policies, rate structures, 
financial stateme nts, budgets , ope rat ions, and 
organization of the Housi ng and Food Services Ad-
ministration . 

8] Long Range Planning: This committee reviews the 
Master Plan and all growth projections of UCSD. 

9) Naming Buildings, Streets, Colleges, And Facilities: 
This committee is responsible for naming everything 
and anything 

10) Parking Advisory: This committee sets the rates 
and helps plan the parki ng needs of UCSD. 

11 J Program Review Committee [PRC J: This com-
mittee IS the principal advisory commIttee on campus 
funding programs and resources allocation There are 
three subcommittees : Capital Outlay and Space, 
Budget and Program Priorities, and Institutional Self-
Study and Evaluation . . 

12 ] Public Ceremonies : ThIS committee advises and 
coordInates the individual colleges' commencement 
exercises, as well as anv campus WIde event 

13) Vending machine: This committee allocates 
vending machine income to the colleges . 

14 ) University Community Planning (CUCPJ: This 
commIttee IS responsible for drawing up a master plan 
for the UCSD community, given population and 
enrollment projections, and taking Into account the 
environmental , community, and recreational aspects of 
the UCSD area. 

15) Vehicle Accident Review Board: This committee 
reviews all aCCIdents InvolVing UniverSIty vehicles and 
determmes if the driver involved should be allowed 
continued access to University vehIcles and the 
UnIversity 's cu lpabil ity in the malter. 

16) Communications Board : ThiS commIttee advises 
the Chance llor in regard to the student media at L'CSD . 
I t serves as their publisher and oversees their operation 
It controls funding and sets standards of quality in the 
communications media . . 

17] Campus Program Board: This committee's 
responsibility is to provide balanced programming and 
enterta i nment of high quality that is consistent with the 
educational purposes of the UCSD community. They 
provide assistance and consultants to groups , serve as a 
central calendaring agency , sponsor events, allocate 
resources for even and provide the University with 
superVision of campus activi ties 

18) " Institutional Research Advisory -Council: This 
commIttee I the primary resejlrch body for the 
Unlver Ity I t does investIgate work for the Universi ty In 
regards to issues facing the Univer Ity. 

19J Advisory Committees on Student Services : These 
commi ttees advise their respective ervice on use of Reg 
Fee money, operatIOn of the service facility, and in 
general anything affectl ng the tudent ervlce There are 
SIX of these Advls-ory omm ittee Student Financial 
ervices, tudent Health Servites, Counseling and ; 

Psychological ervices, the tudent Center, and I n-
ternatlOnal Center, and peclal EducatIon Programs 

22 1 Board 01 Over eers: A bod compo ed of ad-
minIstrators, community cItizen , and a tud nt, that 

over~e{' th Interface of the UniverSIty With the 
~urroundfng communIty They talk about things like 
land devel opm nt 

********** 
Thl I by no means a or1plete II t There are many 

committees at UCSD, and th.-oughout the y t m, some 
of whIch have stud nts , scme of whIch don't The 
commltee listed above are tho e WIth at-Iarg ones. 
Contac t your Dean '~ ff "l. fv. lilVlc "'~V '~KdIJillg 
college appomtments . For applicatIon to the above 
commI ttee , conta t Sandy, tudent Or8itAizatlon~, 2nd 
floor tudent Center, North End, and a k for .. I" ap-
plicatIon We hope to clos applicatIons In thre week 
lune 4 I the deadlme tor statewIde commIttee 
Remember mo t commlttes have openings for both 
Mrad clnd undergrad 



P.,ellix Triton Times Friday, May 30,1975 

Whal~ Music Highlights 
Next Week's Offerings 

I Records: larry Deck~1 I 
The Progressives 

UCSD () r. Theater 
Young ArtiS Opera Theater 

comes to San Dkgo to give young 
artlst-singers an opportunity to 
perform the neglected but ex-
cellent one act repertory, 
especially those works best suited 
to young, lyric Voices. 

The first production of this 
unique Opera Theater at UCSD, 
features five gifted young singers 
in four mi ni operas by American 
composers, June 2, and June 4, at 

Ten' Si"clair, Lyn'c Soprano 
8:30 pm, in the Mandeville 
Recital Hall. 

The Stronger by Weisgal , A 
Hdnd Of Bridge, by Barber, 
Pasatieri 's The Women , and 
Menotti 's The Telephone, will be 
staged in the round with em-
phasis on lighting . Minimally 
cast, simply staged, in minimal 
space, at minimal cost, the 
miniature operas are the products 
of various UCSD professional 
talents including those of Dan 
Dryden of the UCSD Drama 
Department, noted for his in-
spired stage designs ; Alan 
Johnson manager of the Man-
deville Center, Bruce MacDonald, 
light artist, noted pianist Ilana 
Mysior, accompanist, according 
to John Large artistic director of 
the enterprise . 

Whale Music 
The VOice of the whale will be 

heard in concert at UCSD, June 6 
at 8:30 in the Mandeville Recital 
Hall. 

Bf,utIAOE 
WOK OF WEEK 
Sweef& Sour 

Fish 
Peking Style 

BEST 
MANDARI N 

lUISINE Di""., Hours: 
Mon-Su" 5-'0 

F,i-Silt 5-" 
. Clos.d 

Wed"esday 

Cocktails 
Beer and Wine Served 

10" . Discount wilh 
UCSO Student 10 

AMPU PARKING 
459·9842 

5771 ld 1011.1 Blvd . • 
-
".lfit'Uolf 

-

Crumb's Voice Of The Whale, 
inspired by the singing of the 
humpback whale will be per-
formed by Marlin Own, ce llo, 
Jerri Lee Owen, piano, and Karen 
Reynolds, flute . Each of the 
performers will wear a black half 
mask--intended to efface the 
sense of human projection-to 
suggest the powerful impersonal 
force of nature. Actua l whale 
sounds are simulated in the 
opening Vocal ise of the work, in 
which the flutist simultaneously 
plays the instrument and sings 
into it. 

This unique chamber program 
also includes Mandelssohn 's 
Variations Concertantes, 
Davidovsky's Synchronism NO. 3 
for cello and electronic sounds, 
and Sonata In A Major by Franck . 

htravaganza 
This year's musical activities of 

the UCSD Music Department 
culminate in a concert to end all 
concerts, next Thursday, at 8:30 
in the Mandeville Auditorium . 

The talents and energy of 
practically eVf'ry musician in the 
Music Departmen-t will be called 
upon . The first work on the 
program, Random Rounds by 
Percy Grainger , involves l2 
performers led by Jean Charles 
Francois . Written for any number 
of instruments, it is a piece of 
indeterminate music composed 
by the Australian composer 
Grainger, one of the pioneers in 
this area. 

I n a different vei n, the second 
piece is an arrangement of 
Bal inese ceremonial music for 
two pianos, written in 1934 by 
Colin McPhee. while visiting the 
isl and . Piano virtuosi for this work 
will be, Cecil Lytle and Jean 
Charles Francois of the UCSD 
Music faculty . 

I n popular music jargon, the term " Progressive" 
has come into vogue to describe a ct'rtain type of 
music . It was devised in the wake of a new type of 
group that was taking rock music and extending it 
into new forms . 

Interestingly enough, the "progressive" sound is 
not really progressive per se (as compared to the 
trends seen In contemporary non-popular music) 
but rather, that music that we call progressive is 
characterized by a fusion of styles, the blend of 
classical music with rock (i.e. Yes, Genesis, EL&P), 
the fusion of jazz with rock (Mahavishnu Or-
Eleventh House, etci, and the fusion of music in 
general with the new electronic technology of the 
Moog generation . 

r or those who are interested in the sound, let me 
point out a few albums that are in the waves of this 
new ocean of progressive and electronic music this 
month . -

CRIM E OF THE CENTURY. Supertramp. A&M 
Records 

Long overdue for a review, this fine album is 
largely neglected as the group's reputation is yet to 
have exerted itself. Personally, I avoided this album 
myself for quite some time because the nam~ of the 
group "supertramp" seemed to suggest they were a 
soul band 

Well , let me et the air straight on whatever 
doubts you might have Supertramp is a solid, 
competent band of the progressive persuasion, 
bringing some excellent musiCianship in line With 
accessible and tuneful vocals . 

While the alleged concept which is supposed to 
hold "Crime of the Century" together as a unified 
whole is weak or seemingly non-existant, it in no 
way mars the album as a whole . Each song has its 
own interest, shape, and form. 

At first listen this group sounds much like 
Genesis, yet they develop their individuality in a 
slightly more popular orientated stance, marked 
with nicely integrated keyboards, fine vocal solos 
and harmonies, and some of the most careful, clean 
and deliberate production work seen this year. 

A' solid album from start to finsish , the only real 
crime of the century is the relative anonymity of 
this fine group. 

SPARTA CUS - Triumvi rat . Capital Records The apotheosis of the season's percussion performances follows 
with Edgard Varese's Ionisation 
for 13 percussioni sts , one of the 
first works written for percussion 
ensembles. 

The program progresses with 
Anton Webern 's Vier Stucke for 
violin and piano . 

Don't Think Abortion 
Alternatives are Available 

S.D. PRO UFE LEAGUE 
583-5433 

While perhaps not truly progressive, the 
Emerson, Lake and Palmer sound has served as a 
model for much of the claSSically influenced 
keyboard orientated band sounds . Perhaps most 
obviously influenced is the German band Trium-
virat, who sports a keyboardist, jurgen Fritz who 
leans toward Moog and Hammon organ and writes 
most of the music, a vocalist Helmut Kollen, who 
plays bass and acoustic & electric guitars, and a 
drummer-percussionist Hans Bathelt. 

Also free speakers 
and study room 

I guess Triumvirat seemed a catchier name than 
Fritz, Bathelt, and Kollen, but nonetheless the 
influence of EL&P is felt tbroughout this interesting 
album. In the non-vocal passages, it would be easy 

. stake the 

If a distinction need to be made, Triumvirat is a 
Ie s aggressive group, more content to let the more 
melodiC voic£' of the Moog predominate the 
melodies in a pseudo-classical way while the rock 
rhythm keeps things moving . 

Spartacus, another supposed-concept album, 
based on the story of Spartacus, the Roman 
gladiator who was the leader of a rebellion against 
Rome around 73 B.C., while not terribly exciting, 
sti ll manages to have a nice, clean and interesting 
sound to it. 

What it lacks, is a hard driving force, a sense of 
the aggressive Imagination, Fritz 's choice of 
voicings for his keyboard work are too obvious, and 
simply not jarring enough . EL&P fans will enjoy th.is 
album for its overall sound, but tlie total effect will 
still be as if the idea for Spartacus somehow got 
hort hanged . 

PICTURES AT AN EXHIBITION - Tomita. RCA 
Records 

If we think of EL&P as the claSSically influenced, 
here we are dealing with the classics per se. The 
idea is now somewhat worn out · Switched On Bach 
was the biggest selling classical record of all time, 
and featured Walter Carlos playing around at Bach 
on a synthesizer. It was cute, a change of pace, but 
due to its unimaginative use of the synthesizer as 
nothing more than a trumped-up organ, the album 
was ultimately dull. 

Tomita, a Japanese practioneer of the electronic 
school of mUSiC, has chosen Moussorgsky's Pictures 

Continued on Page 7 

CME Will Give 
Space, Sound Show 
At 8:00 pm on June 4, 5, and 6, the Center for 

Music Experiment (408 Matthews Campus) will give 
three presentations of a new multl-<limensional 
ound and space work under the direction of in-

ternationally known video and film-maker Ed 
Emshwiller. The work, coordi nated and structured 
by Emshwiller, will offer many different views, both 
physical and conceptual, within the CME. Par-
ticipating in the colloboration are : the New Music 
Choral Ensemble dancers (NMCE IV), the Extended 
Vocal Techniques Ensemble, as ~ell as CME 
composers using video and audio synthesizers, live 
and taped sound performance with a digital-analog 
computer (HYBRID 113), computer controlled 
lighting, video projections, film loops, and stretch 
time slides . 

During the 1950's, Emshwiller was an abstract 
painter and sci -fi i l lustrator . In the 60's, he was one 
of the leading " underground " fi lmmakers 
("Relativity", " Thanatopsis", " George Dumpson's 
Place" , " Film with Three Dancers" among others). 
In the 70's, he has made a number of acclaimed 
videotapes includi ng "Scape-Mates", " Ph ilobolus 
and Joan", "Crossings and Meetings". Emshwiller 
has received grants from the National Endowment 
of the Arts, the N.V State Council on the Arts, the 
Guggenheim, Rockefeller, and Forcj Foundations . 

The Plebian' 
. Indian Arts 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 
327 F. Street American Indian Jewelry 

The Perfect Gift 
lor Graduation 

Custom Si lverwork and Repairs 

454-1888 
834 Kline, La Jolla 

LevrS 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

M on,-Sa l. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-6481 

Friday, May 30,1975 

Sp 
44 Teams in Playoffs; 
Championship Wednesday 

by Dave Eisen 
Assistant Sports Editor 

The beginning of the end for 
the UCSD 1974-75 Intramural 
season IS today, as the softball 
play-offs open at 5:00. Forty-four 
teams are involved in the po t 
eason competition. which will 

cu lminate Wednesday With the 
men' and oed championship 
ga mes 

The play-offs will be gOing 
throughout the weekend, which 
shou ld Ult the local baseball 
freaks Spe tators will see action 
at both the MUir and Mathews 
Ileld , today, all day Saturday 
and unday, and then the finals 
WednesdaY,)LIn 4. The men's 
hamplonshlp will be at th n ar 

MUIr diamond at 5 00, followed 
by the co d final at 600. 

The Rec Department's Lee 
Johnson has a ve t d Interest in 
the play-offs , a his coed team 
has been champions for the last 
four years, and hiS men 's team the 
past two. Johnson 's unbeaten 
men's team, Ax, won the Victor 
league this year by squeaking by 
Boatfolk. Ax has an opening play-
off game today at Mathews, 
starting at 5.00. johnson's Frogs 
won the co d Infinity league, a 
gam ahf'ad of econd place Old 
Bats Both teams play at Muir 
today at 6:00 

A number of teams are capable 
of taking the crown away from Ax 
and the Frogs thl year EI Chunko 

Progressives_ 

went unbeaten and won the 
Garrard LE:ague by a game over 
Fritz . The 6-0 Mudsmlths have 
also had a perfect season and will 
be looki ng for the upset of Frogs . 
Oth r league champs, Who Cares, 
B SA , Holes n' Poles, Grabbers, 
Dinah and No Socks also have 
good chances. A tough first round 
game will be at Muir Saturday 
morning when Bunn Huggers, 
second place Marantz League 
squad, take on B SA , the Bo e 
League champIOns 

The two men 's A leagues will 
be In a pecla l divi Ion of the 
play-off, Ax, Boatfolk and the 
unbeaten Rambler s are th 
favorites there. After competing 
among themselves, the eight-
team diviSIOn will have its top 
team enter the regular play-offs In 
the semi-final 

S'x unbeaten league champions 
appear to be the class of the 
men's B play-off diVision Dukes, 
Gladeators, HIPP, Fire , Return 
and Th Team won th eir 
respec tive leagues wi thou t a loss, 
and were seeded highly in the 
play-offs . Saturday afternoon's 
top games will Include Argo (5-1) 
again t The Team (6-0) at Muir 
and Hlpp (5-{)) against Brutal (5-
l) at MUir. Both games Will start 
at 2.00 

Just mlSSI ng out on the play-
off are ome teams With rather 
illustrious names . ot par -
ticipating will be Phuck , Krotch , 
Nosehalr, Dlk, Mits and Tits, and 
Uats and Bras . 

Triton Times Page seven 

Underwater Race Draws 22 
by Paul Wagner 

Sports Edilor 
(h ("~Ionally at UC an Diego, people find that 

the u ual ~port offert'd do not Intere'>t them and 
they .. et out to do something about satl fying 

them't'lve~ 
rht' culmination 01 one such situation was held 

the other day In the pool with th first underwater 
lri kt' r act' 

Th response wa~ trem ndous with ome 22 
people -- divided Into II teams - competing. Split 
up Into five preliminary heats, the teams attempted 
to make two laps of the pool around the outermost 
edge~ 

rhe rules of the race were similar to those of the 
tnke races held last quarter One person was 
deSignated as the rider and the other was th 
pu her, but In this race, the participants did not 
switch pOSitIOns at the half way POint. 

The first race tarted with three teams , but by th 
time the halfway pOint was reached , It had become 
a contest between the PB Pi lots and the Dirty Old 
Men The Old Men trailed c losely for most of the 
race, and at one pOint faltered coming out of a turn 
They oon recovered to make a run at the Pilots and 
nosed them out at the finish 

Team fathoms watery depths 
The econd race wa the fastest as far as elapsed 

time was concerned In thiS o'ne, only two teams 
raced and it was Immediately apparent that the 
team Rust (Dave Blum and Gordon aylor) would 
have a runaway vic tory, whl h they had, plus the 
best time of the day, covering the distance In 4:05 

The third race was by far the most Interestlllg 
one of the afternoon Among the participants was 
an unexpected en try from the camera crew from 

Other Playoffs Comi ng 

- .... --

- -

L;nn MyKing an,d &b Saxman 0/ Channel 39 
Channel 39 who were covering the races for the 
news Originally, the prospect of haVing the news 
team enter the race was conceived as a loke, but 
upon dlscoverin~ the fact that all but one of the 
reporters were certified divers, Lynn Mykmg and 
Bob Saxman donned borrowed tanks (and m Lynn's 
casf', a bathing SUIt) and entered the race 

In the race Itself, there were 4 teams entered 
With the brge number of people m thiS particular 
race there was some mass confUSion Gomg into 
the ilrst turn, the 39 team was out of position to 
clear It so they piled headlong Into the pack and 
created quite a lumble Once thiS si tuation had 
cleared, It became a lace between the 39 team and 
the Bull frogs (Casey Ichol en and Jim Lane), who 
won th race by a length and a half 

Race four brought the only disqualification of the 
day a the team H20-Log II forfeited their victory 
b cau e one of the ludges claimed they allegedly 
cut a corner, so the win was given to the team of 
Polsinelli and Kendzlorek 

The last preliminary race conSISted of a late entry 
and a team which wasn' t able to get both of ItS 
racers together at one time When they were finally 
able to g t down to the race, It was a close one until 
the last half when joan Oltman and Bob Siefert 
outla ted their opponents . 

The semi-finals conSISted of the wmners from 
each of the races and the wmners of those races, 
the Oltman-Siefert team and the Bullfrogs, com-
peted In the finals . 

The Bull Frogs took the early lead but 
re"nqUl~hed It In the early gOing They made 
continual challenges for the lead but were denied 
With each attempt as Oltman and Siefert won a 
close race to Win the overall title 

I f softball playoffs aren 't the 
only things that Interest people, 

there are some other playoff 
comi ng next week which should 
provide ome eXCiting action and 

STUDENTS ~~~h ~~tL 
DISCOUNT TICKETS 

olb globe theatre 
p't .. "lt good competi tion . 

Cont inued from Page 6 
at an Exhibition a the latest sour<.e of c1assical-
gone-\ynth Siler fai r A strange chOice since EL&P 
tned and lailed to make much out of It In thz! vein 

>trictly for the very open-minded. It lacks any sense 
01 melody, any acce Sible patterns, and any 

tartlng next Tue day and 
conti nuing through next unday, 
the Coed I nnertube Waterpolo 
playoffs will ke p the top 10 
teams In competition for the title 
The teams which will be III 
contentIOn will be announced by 
Monday and if you think that 
your team is m the playoffs, your 
captai n IS asked to chec::k in with 
the Rec. office no later than 
Monday afternoon . The first 
games get under way Tuesday 
afternoon The full schedule of 
team compet ing will be 
available Monday afternoon . 

The surpri se here is that this album is out-
tanding I t marks the most Imaginative and 

dynamiC venture into transcri bing a claSSical work 
Into electronic terms that I've seen . 

Tomita has used an extraordinary range of 
ti mbres, voices, sounds , harmonics , distortions, 
noise and miscellaneous electronic deVices to reat~ the personality of each picture viewed in 
Moussorgsky 's metaphoric piece. 

Each segment "as its own particular feel and 
style, and while remaining taggeringly close to the 
original score, Tomita has brought a whole new 
senSibility to the piece. It shimmers with a life and 
vi tality that puts Walter Carlos to utter shame . 

RUBYCON - Tangerine Dream. Virgin Records 

I f I may press my discussion of the progressive 
one final step further, I would like to point out the 
work of Tangerine Dream. This sort of music is 

handles to grasp 
What It I~ , IS a ea of pulSing, changi ng, dilating, 

fl uid musl ,extremely extended to a form which is 
Impossible to chart rhythmically or melodically 

Tangerine Dream is comprISed of three keyboard 
players who dwell in the electronic realm . The 
compositions are written by the three of them as a 
team, and they all play a board spectrum of 
electronic and sundry devices including Mellotron, 

~cs 3. nythl , double moog synthesizer, synthi A, 
organ , modified elka organ, prepared piano, e-
piano, gong, and arp 2600. 

The group's past work has been interesting if not 
overwhelming, but with Rubycon , the form the 
group deals in takes on new proportions as the one 
piece extending over the two sides of the album 
creates an all enveloping sound of music in flux . 

It is extremely deceiving in its lulling Simplicity, 
and very indusive to meditation , basking by 
candlelight, or iust letting your imagination drift . It 
is very difficult to deSCrIbe or evaluate . I can only 
~ay that for the open-minded listener, it IS a very 
plea~ent trip Indeed 

Coming up next week are the 
playoffs for Men 's and coed floor 
hockey, Coed Volleyball , 3 Man 
Basketball and Indoor occer 
Team captains are asked to check 
with the heads of the league to 
~ee if they have qualified. 

ome sche<Jules have already 
be n announced 

Conceived and Orieln.lI,. D.reeled by John · 
Mlchltl T.bel ••• MUSIC ,nd N.w lYriCS by 
St.ph,n Schw'rtl • Onlln.lly P,oduced Oft 
Ut. N.w York ,t ••• b)' [diU IInsbu''f/Stulrt 
DunClnl Joseph Blfuh 

NOW PLAYING 
Bnmmlft, With tht .or 01 hi., thiS Int.r· 
n.tlon.t musical l'ltt bursts wutt SPlrtlllna 
)'OUIMuln.ss .nd r.fr.dlUl, optimISm-In 
UUNunt, fest ,m"lnll .Ad Witty !, .. Imt'" of 
the penbl" hom St M.lth .. ', Cosptl 

Rt.truhons/lnform.tIOft 9 30 109:00 
T.tepllOll. 239·2255 

Noon to .30 p. m 
FrlIs.lb. 
Tut , W,d, nllr & Sun b, 
S.t & Sun ... t 
srUDENTS (tl'lru CeNl ••• ) 

ru. , Wid , rhur , Sun ht 
S.t , Sun Mit 

SENIOR CITIZENS 160 .nd • ...,) 
S.t & Sun Mi t Only 

Group DIKounls AWIII.b l. 
ptrform.d .1 the 

$600 
$500 
$450 

carter centre stage 
.ltIK."t to ofd .fobt thutr. 

balko park 

The UJS Present .A 
:U~~~ al~ct~ oo~ooaa 

~~--~~~~--~~~~~ 

AV.BAGB 
.BITBBARD -a farewell affair for this year ... 3 pm Frolic 

-frisbee, football, fun 
6pm Dinner 

-kosher hot clop, potato salad, drink 
8 pm Havdallah 

W. prGIIide food, JOu prowide spirit 
SAT 31 May 75 

Black '. Beach, just below the road 
Union of Jewish Students 

REFUND 
For tickets purchased at the Ticket Center Box Office 
Deadline Extended until May 30 

Box Office hours: Noon • 4:30, Tues. - Fri. 



" 

_Paae_ ei8b~I _____ :: Triton Tim •• 

r---~-------What's Happening 

Ie eIIve It well In the 
- ... ko .... 1. "eveIIe 

Lou,,". !.ula-riDtIot.. ond/or eood 
c~~. MWF 11-2; T.Th 
2-41111/.' 
F"iiHMEN. .O'HOMO"U AND 
JUNtOftS. A~ ..... In the NolIY 
ond Air Foreo are difficult to obtain. 
REIUVI YOU" AVIATION SEAT 
NOW. C811 Lt. FRANK .USH. USN ZD-
.... 1 .. 111 
ApplicatIoN are _ bel... teIIen for 
.-..wIde committee IPPOIntmen ... 
G .... ond u,...,. ..... 1M Sandy. 
Stud.nt Or.anlntlonl. 2nd floor. 
North. Student Center. IInd.1 

AppIlcatlont Ire evoIloble for "oveIle 
Proerom .oard at tho Rev. R ... Deen·. 
Offtco Provoat'l office Ind Community 
Center. All 1"'-tId commutero Ind 
r.lldont. .hould IPply by noon. 
Mondoy. June 2nd 11/21 

Sunday wor.hlp It Unlve"lty· 
Community Church _ La Jol .. 
lho,... Drive. It N. Torr.y Plnee Road: 
Lutheron-"'" a.m.; Cothollc-l:30 I.m. 
and •• p.m.; Eplocopal . 12:30 p.m. 
111301 
The Sprina '- of Fourthwrtto. The 
Fourth Coli.,. Wrltln, Pro,rom'l 
querterty ....,..., mo..,lne. Ie now on 
.... In the .ooketora for only IDe. 
Umtted nulllber of c...... eveIlolliel 
11111 
AppilcetJont for TheIII ft DleaertotJon 
R ••• .,ch Grent. frOIll re.,.torad 
.rNuate ltudents due Mey 30. ... 
your dept for Info. 1113D1 
A votl for Rlche,d YIP for RCCA I. I 
vote for ....-I .... ,overnmerrt. Vote 
today.II/3D1 

Clmpul Cl'llllde Mtr(. Friday Nito. 7 
p.m .• Winzer Com mont. Bo.lc Sci 
Bid ... All W"com.1 11I3D1 

OredUltine ThIrd Co..... 8enIora . If 
yOU doll" I trMltI_1 ,redUltion 
c.remony · III ....... todly. Zp.m .• Third 
Col .... Provoat'. Offlc • . co",_o 
Room 17.11/301 

COOp MMtln, - Mon" I:.. Student 
Center. .RG Rep lIoctIon. hom for 

~tofI.11I21 

P"E MEDS: Importont meed ... - H_ 
to Fill Out AMCAS Application .. 2:30 
pm. Mon" June 2. MC 111. Dleculllon 
by Dr. Spooner. UCSD Mod School 11121 

CARD YOURSELF PARTY ot thl 
Student Canter thl. Slturdey NI,ht II-
" Moy31 Ipl/30I 

Surf Flick PlClfic Vlb"tiont Fri 11I3D1 It 
1:00 UCSD Gym. 1.00 15/3D1 

The 22nd An_I "oveII8 Watermelon 
Qu .. n P .... nt Wed. NI,1tt. Juno 4 In 
the Rev Caf...,... Tho Queen mult be. 
Rev .... frothman. mo .. or f_ ... Pick 
up appllootlone at Revello R_dent 
DNn·. or COlllmunity Center .• ,., 

Frioncll of the G.y B"'dente· AMoc .• ro 
Invited to our YEA" END PARTY. Mon. 
Juno 2 • 7. pm In tho Student Center 
Lou"". For Info coil.·.,. 111.1 

Friday Lunch Movte: P.ul Saltmonn In 
"Why Men C,... ... ". HII 2DI It 11 
a. m .• nd12. Il1301 

4th Col .... Studonte. fHultv.'toft 
... our fino" I. Sat 3 ... pm It Le 
JoIlo Sh_ .... chl Join u. for a 
• pecteculor dl_, recroetion. It fun. 
It'l the belt thIa Qtlll/301 

ThIt I. your IeIt chine. thl. y .. r to 
.... r SHEILS It CLARK! Tonlte ••• In 
the Muir II .nd Dim • . Don't mIee them! 
11/301 

Friday, May 30,1975 

'E:eleltrotton pertv for tho Golden S .... 
WarrlOre In Bleke Hall Friday night. II'. 
Sot nI,1tt. I: •. Muir Five It Dlmo. 1.-. 
WRATH CREEK. They will be ployln, 
orIeinol pfOtl ..... lve rock; all your 
fovorltol plu. new ml'''''1. 11/301 . 

2100 BSB. today. MARLYNE E. CLARK, 
'rof of Th.oretlcII and Appll.d 
Mechanici and Bloon.lno.,ln" 
"Ilmulltion. of tho Corlbral 
Macroclrculotlon." 2 pm. II/3D1 
Tonlte . ELECT"O·ACOUmC CON· 
CERT RHltel Hall. Mandeville Center 
I:CIO 11/301 

COUNCILMAN LEE HUBBARD. can-
didate for Moyor. will mNt with 
.tudentl on Mondoy. on the Rev .... 
Ploal .t 12:3D. 11/21 

Dept. of Econ. Somlnor. today. 3:3D p.m. 
3211 H/L ROGER NOLL "PUBLIC 
OPINION POlLS CANDIDATE UN· 
CERTAINTY AND ELECTORAL 
COMPETITlON"II/3D1 

Advertisements for Ourselves-------~ 
[ fot sale. 

STROMBERG·CARlSON 220 AMP· 
TUNER & G"rord ATI Turntllbl .... 
TWO IMC·12 4 WOy IQMkera. n_ •• 
ICOIt MOOI.,-II7II1/3D1 

HURCULES 1~epood blka. a". N_ 
cuetom ... t. "".00 "·1171111.1 

71 HONDA 310 SL & B.II H.lmet .300. 
7Il5-804011111 

12·.trln, Gultor (Ylmehll 1 yr-old, 
.xc.llent condition. Mu.t .... r to .po 
procloto. M.k. offer. Berry 482-_ or 
ev ... .,..711. I1111 
ROLUNG STONES TICKETS: LA Forum 
In July. Good _ta. Call .... , . . .... 
to rooch' pm till midnight. 11/1' 

Kodak Inltamatlc 133 color outfit 
perfect condition .'0.011713-7482 aft" I 
pm. II/3D1 

72 Ch.vy Mlnlmot.r hom.. S.lf· 
contolnod·270-7I2I. (1I/3D1 
MIn'. & Woman'. Bik.270-7I2I. 15/301 

Primo Stick! Muet IeII. I'"'' Ru .... 
Surfboerd In good condition ... 
Robert __ 3771. 111301 

"73 Hond. CL 100 Motorcycla 4000 
mil ... lIk. new. plu •• xt" • . MUlt 1111. 
7116-7511 Mlrk 11/21 
FENDER·STRATOCASTER . Ex. condo 
w/ co ... 2110 Chrl. 462·_ .1121 

" Put .om.thing .xclting b.tw.on your 
I.g." 1000cc Hlrl.y D.vidlon Sport.ter 
(1972·XlHI Blua ••• mi·ltock •• 1700. S •• 
daily In front of BSB. LNv. not. ·Ed 
488-7517 (6/41 
1971 M otorcycla. ItlU.n, 12fi cc. Ex· 
call.nt condition MOO. 468-2481 111/41 

1974 Toyotl C.Uco GT. AM·FM Radio. 5 
.peed. Exc.U.nt condition $3&00 468-
2481111/41 

Diving g.lr . tank w/blckplck. Full 
wat.ult, .nork.l. WI. b.lt. V.ry good. 
W.rr.n 462·9970 (11121 
71 Pinto 1Il00 cc. Very good condition. 
.1200 cc Ro ... 462-9227 (6/21 

Tap. deck . euto· rev.r.. . San.ul 
SD7000· Remot. control. Varlabl. 
output. lilt $580. asking $376. 462-9186 
Bill By • . (6/21 
CRAIG 3143 a·track deck, like n.w. $40 
or bllt off.r. Clarion AM /FM car radio, 
.xcol. cond., b •• t oHer. aft.r 8:00 pm, 
488-3886. John (5/301 
Will trade Guild 12-string. doubl. pick 
up Hollc·w Body. Orlg.$5&O for .ny 
d.c.nt aUr.o worth Iround $2!iO. M.k. 
offer 462·')3 8 (5/301 
Sony TC ·m . three motor. thr •• h •• d 
prof ... lt n.1 qu.lity r •• I-to-r •• 1 d.ck in 
.xc.lI.rt condition with r.mot. 
control. ',300 l.wi. 488-_ or 282 __ 
(5/301 

1961 Mrroury V.ry Fin. Condition 
Power Bl kJ. at •• r lng. One Own.r $375 
464-1333 6A 21 

DOKORtlEIl 7OIiO. .ix h .. d.. .uto 
rev.ra • . • aho, .oundon.ound. r.cord. 
both dlractlon.. ..If contlln.d .mp. 
need • . 3OO/b •• t offer. BRIAN 462· ... 
15/301 

FREE KITTENS. fat .nd f.l.ty . 298-1117 
11121 

Solld .. t.. .utom.tic "dlo. AMI FM 
tuner w i 8 track tip. d.ck. .311. 
M .. te_ork Turntab" wI chin,. free. 
Glne 272·1071 (1111 

Furnltur.; • ft couch with cover. 
uphol.t.red chllr. completa dlnett • • III 
for D . F,.. hlulln,. 412·'" 1:00 - 7:011 
p.m. 11/21 

Motorcycl. Suzuki TS 2IOcc 1172. N_ 
th· ... choln. pelnt. t.nnll "cquet T·2000 
$20; Heed Ikill GS 200cm ..., I&pollll 
Ph. 482·1711 11141 

KITTENS. perelon-collco, .dorab ... 7 
wk.. need lOVin, .nd r .. ponelb .. 
hom .. C811 Tony. 110-7314 •• fte, 7 p.m. 
No chor'l. (1111 
ROLLING STONES conc.rt tick... .t 
L.A. Forum cell ottor Ii p.m. 411-31. 
11121 

• Pontl.c T.mpeet. 20 mp,. A' C. $2110 
H.nk. 7II-3IIIII11/301 

7 1 YAMAHA. 2150 Enduro. cl .. n. many 
axtro., good condition. MOO. 43a-1431i 
11/11 

,. Chevy B ... lr 4DR Good Condt. 
Automltlc. new Bott.ry, rebuilt Tront. 
N'_ W.terpump - good tlroe. Sell by 
Jun. 14. MOO.OII - 43a-22I311111 

2 Scuba Dlvln, Air cerd from 2 locol 
.cube .hop.. Eoch clrd volued .t 
12. ... Will 1111 both for $111.011 or one for 
" .00 Jlm. 4Ii2·1033 11141 

1. SS • . N_ lower .nd. creg.ra. 
Hurat. POIt. ' trk .• 12!iO. ofr/trode Mike 
462· 1111211/21 
Tak •• kln.n homo for thl .umm.rl 
FREE. Cholc. of color. HNlthy Ind 
b .. utlful4113-1081 .tt.r 4 p.m. (1/21 

111" BOYI Bik. with training wheel •. 
lIk. n.w. Cllirmont arll. "5. 510-_. 
(5/301 

'63 Ch.vy Nova 8 cyl. wig on. N_ 
.ngin.. tran.mi .. ion. ti".. .tarter. 
radio. blttery. radlttor. Ne.d. 
bodywork. $3&0.00 Sue .fter 5. 233-8M4. 
(11/41 

B.II Star Super Mognum motorcycle 
helm.t with .n.p on sun .hl.ld .36. EPI 
Tower ,pNkera .75 for peir 716-941. 
(5/301 

STEREO: SONY Hp·178A 15 w.tt AM· 
FM r.c.lver. BSR turntlble. 8-track 
record.r. 2·way (7" woof." 12" 
tw •• ters' Sony .peaker. $2!iO/bllt 
offer · 462-9784. H.I (6/301 

housing 
G.n..... Highllnd. townhou... 2 
bdrm. 1 beth. 2 mil .. from UCSD 
$250/mo lortwo sherol. Rick It 462-8466 
or 462-4286. 1116/21 

Mal. Or f.mlle roomm.te wlnt.d. own 
room $90 includ.. utll. c.bl. TV. 
t.l.phon • . So. Clolr.mont Big Yerd. 
275-0950 .fter5. Rlndy or Diln. (1'6/301 

Thr •• f.mllll_nt.d, four bdrm. two 
b. townhou ... Av.llabl. Jun. 30 .75 & 
utillti ... 3 mil .. to .chool 462-0175 
(81 21 

F.m. Rml Iv .umm.r to . h.ra 2 bdrm 
hou.. w l Ylrd in P .B. non-.moker. 
$92.60 272·1374 b.fore noon. aft.r 8 pm. 
18/21 

H.lpl· N •• d pllc, for ·75-71.chool y .. r 
in 0.1 Mer or Sol.no Bllch. H.v. dog. 
70-100 p.r month. Ru .. 462·8177. 15/ 301 

Summ.r . n.1d f.mol. room mot. to 
.her. m.stlr bdrm In 3 bdrm hou •• 2 
blk. from UCSD. R.nt $10 J.nlc. 413-
4113 (5/301 
W.ntod: Singi. room In hou.. or 
.p.rtm.nt with other f.mllelll for f.lI. 
• 1001 mo. mIXimum. Profer 0 .. M.r 413-
8341 Sua 11I3D1 

Houlom.t. want.d. Non.moker. Own 
room In Solena B .. ch. M7 p.r month 
plu. utilltl ... C.,I ~. between 8 
ond 10 p.m. (1i/301 

Roomm.t. w.nt.d. Own room. 3-bdrm 
hou ••. Short wllk to cempul .• "1413-
311711121 

Roomm.t. w.nted to Ihlra fumllhod 
two bedroom hou •• in P.B. Juno , .. 
Sept. 11. 1 % block. from beech. neer 
bu •.• ,,0 plul % utllltl ... Bill 412-2111 or 
4l1-l4I2. 11121 

F.mal. w.ntod to Ihlre 2·bedroom 
with coupl. in ' Solone B .. ch. Profer 
v ..... rl.n . .. 7I5-OMI mornln,. or 
.venln,IIII/3D1 

G.n..... Hlghllndl townhoull. 
to.tefully fuml.hed 3 bdrm 1 1/2 beth. 2 
mil.. from UCSD from July 11t 
$3251 mo. 4Ii2.1M2 101/21 

Coupl. to pertlclpatl in romblln, 
hou ••. W.·ra poop I. Into craftl. ,.,d.n. 
mu.ic. wlter. Oc.on vi_ In North 
C.,diff. $140/mo. comp"t • . 43a-31111 
Anytlm •. lli/lO1 

3 roomm.t .. noecMd Jun. , .. S.pt. 15. 
Ploymoor Condominium. 2 mi . ••• t of 
compu • . US/mo. furnl.hld. 4li3-21i48 
aft.r 10 p. m. (1i/301 

For Rant: 1 B.droom Ipt. Downt_n 
S.n Diago from 11/15 . .,,5 .75 mo. 
FURNISHED 236-9183 Ev.nlng. 462·~ 
D.y • . 18121 

F.mol. roomm.t. w.nt.d: S.pt - June. 
Furnl.h.d. 31hort block. to L.J . Shor .. 
B.och. clo .. to UCSD bUI. flrepl.c •. 
Imlll yerd. p.tI o .k . Own rrom .,46 
Diane 462·9779. 412-157118/21 

2 p.opl. n •• d.d to .hlrt a room in 
condominium. for .ummer only. $83 per 
month. jI52· ... 11I:.1 

" R •• pon.ibl. mel. or f.m.l. (SI 
ne.d.d to .hlr. 2 b.droom furni.hed 
0.1 Mer ,p.rtm.nt with m.dlc.1 
.tud.nt Itllting Jun. 15. r ... on.bl., 
756-11187. Cerlo •. " 15/301 

Going on Slbb.ticol to larll11 To I •••• 
coay 2 b.droom compl.t.ly furnl.hld 
apartm.nt in J.ruNI.m. 1·2 Y.'" 
$150/month. includ •• g.. rang • . 
we.hing mlchin • . di.h ••. bedding. ber. 
on bu. rout,. Clo.. to c.nter. 
Unlv.raity. H,dda.ah. Contlct Lazaru. 
X-3051 Or evening. 270-3338. (6/81 

SUBLEASE FOR SUMMER · Avoil,bl. 
from Jun. 15 to S.pt. 111 . • t $1., month 
r.nt & ultiliti .. , to r •• pon.ibla coupl • . 2 
B.droom. carp.tod. fully furnl.h.d 
Iportm.nt in P.clflc B •• ch, clo •• to 
Oc.on. quiet neighborhood, plonty of 
perking. Rent pre· p.ym.nt .nd 
d •• po.lt required. L.nny 481-4270 (8/21 
DO YOU NEED A HOUSEMATE FOR 
FALL '751 H,,,·. on. who i. cl .. n. 
consld.rate, Ind doe.n't g.t Into 
troubl. v.ry oft.n. 462·1123. Fronk 111/41 

2 non-.moker. n •• d.d to .hlra 3 bdrm 
Ipt in quiat 0.1 Mer n.lghborhood with 
ch.m. G"d . • tud.nt. $15/mo & utlllti .. 
John X4317 or 7155-1410. (8141 
F.m.I •• over 21. non-Imok.,. with 3 
c .... n •• d. to find ploc. to liv. by Jun. 
10. Pr.far CI,ir.mont erll nNr bu. but 
will con.lder .nyploc.. line 43a-340&. 
(5/301 

Intor .. ted in .. lIln, Ch.nn.1 1.I.ndl 
thl •• ummer1 Aboord 311' .. lIlng .Ioop. 
Scuba dive. S.nd r .. um. of Hlf. J .T. 
P.0 .80x 471 Oc .. ,.de, .c.llf. 120M 
Itlll 

Chicano Undargrodu.t •• tud.ntl ar. 
needed to p.rtlclpate in • .tudy con· 
c.rnlnll the .xperi.nc. of the Chlc.no 
in Hillher Educetlon. Int.rVl_. will be 
held .t M.nhews Campul 107 .tortinll 
W.d • . M:lY 21 throu,h June I. You will 
be plld $II.OIII.pprox. two hra.' for your 
tim ... Pi .... cell to .chedulo In .p. 
polntm.nt .t your .. rll .. t conv.ni.nc. 
a. only 100 studontl .,. n_d.d. T.I. 
#462-4141. Ip 5/301 

Slrb.1I let includln, dumbbell.. C .. t 
Iron pr.f.rred 411-"11 .ft" 1:00 Earle 
111301 

I' personals 
CARD YOURSELF PARTY et the 
Stud.nt Cant.r thl. Slturdoy nl,ht II-
11. M.y 31 . Com. to hlv •• good time · 
15/301 

REWARD: $ 10 for the return of a brown 
WIllet .nd ID·. loot on Muir Compul in 
or n .. r Tlo,. H.II. 2nd Floor. Mlkl. 412· 
" • . 15/3D1 

UCSD .tudant· run d.ting •• rvic • . 
b •• ad upon prof.I.lon.1 
peychologic.lly·d .. lgned compotibillty 
t .. tI. i. n_ accepting m.mborahlp 
application • . Money beck gu.,.nt .. .. 
INFO 414-1641111/11 

Happy blrthd.y wl.h .. to " h.r Fri.nd" 
... Mra. Robin.on 11I3D1 

Thom .. Anthony: H.v. I hIPPY biro 
thday. Hope you .nloy the 20th y.er • 
lin I. I... then the 19th. Lov. you 
.nyw.y .... m • . (5/301 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANORA. I love 
Youl From your Uttl •• I.t." JO 15/301 

H.D .. 5 Month.1 It' . flllid with .0 mlny 
groot m.morl ... Th.nk. for caring. You 
know I do. lov •. H.D. 15/3D1 

Argo 6 Pre •• nt. tho Grand Op.ning of 
Lova Leylotl ·· Stor of Indio ·· Pric. U.t. 
on requ .. t: 462·'142 15/301 

Gordon: Thlnx for the conc.rt .nd 
thonx for the und.ra"nding. Hop. I c.n 
r.turn it .om. d.y. Su.15/3D1 

A.F.: I .till cer. but I don't know how to 
t.1I you. How'l thl.? Sui. 0 . 151301 

St.v.: T.II Blrt Ilov. him. linde. 15/301 
J .O.Y.: Hlv. I good finli. week. Ind 
study herd. S.y hi to the H· l crowd ... K 
(5/301 
Hilery·IMorning Starl : Your love II the 
br.ed of my 11ft .nd with it my IIf. Ih.1I 
n.v.r grow It.I.. Lov., My.t.ry in 
Y.llow (11/301 

ANN . (th. lovaly unl. I.prech.unl: 
How .bout tlklng • brNk from thOi. 
Mlth theor.ml .nd I'll tNch you a f.w 
wond.rful, wond.rful proof. of IIf • . 
Th. M.,lc M.n woltlng in hi. My.t.ry 
Von 15/301 

lOST: MlY 10. on. peir y.llow INth.r 
.. ndl .. It b ... bell diomond neer gym. 
Pi .... c.1I P.u17l&-142O 11141 

ANORA l ... H.ppy D.y il h.r. aglln. 
M.y your nOI. g.t lickld .,.In tonight. 
SBTurk.y 100013DI 

ALEX KWON.: Happy 19th blrthd.y to 
the guy whom I' m gl.d .. ked m. to 
dIne • . H.va. gr.ot y .. r. "Cold Duck" 
11/301 

Shelll & CI.rk . Good luck tonl.htl 
W.'d It III lov. you oven if you never 
mod. It pelt the ltolrw.lI. Lov. . The 
P.op" Upatelrall/301 

HAPPY .IRTHDAY TO YOU 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU 
HAPPY .IRTHDAY DEAR CORKY 
MOUSE 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU . 

11/.1 

P.tit. Pr.tty P.u .. lof B"lIlal you ere 
b.lng .dmired from .fer. PJ 11/301 

. 

services 
YARD .nd GROUNDS •• rvlc •. Ex· 
t.nalva CLEAN-UP. hlulln,. Expart t,.. 
trim. prune .nd remov.l. DIGGING AI 
m ·3II2O 11111 

FULLER BRUSH Boer Brl.tI. H.ir· 
bru.h ... For Full.r Brulh S.rvlc. 414-
... or 411-7371111111 

If you er. going home thll .umm.r but 
wlnt to I .. v. your car her.. I'll tak. 
cora of It .nd pay you. Bob 462·_ 
11121 

Sov. yournlf .om. mon.yl I'll r.p." 
your motorcycl •• nd tNch yOU how to 
do it whll. I do it. Gr ... m ·1832 .fter I 
pm I .. v. m ....... 1""1 

Summ.r work beck bit. Earn .2431. 
ColI-'-1.IIII' 

RE SEARCH AIDS· North Am.rlc.'1 
lorg .. t IIrvic • . For ca .. l08uO •• nd $2 
to: E I .. y Servlc ... 57 Spedlno _D. 
Toronto, Ontorlo. C.nad • . Allo. 
campul r.pr ••• nt.tiv •• roqulr.d. 
PI .... writ • . 411· .... 1011 III 

" LET OUR FINGERS DO YOUR 
TYPINGI" DOCTORATES ...... 
MANUSCR IPTS .. .... 

THESES IBM Sol.ctrlc II 
Correcting Typ.writer. Num.roul 
Ty.,... C.mpu. pick-Up. DOUBLE·D 
ASSOCIATES 224r1131 Dorl.loI/ll 
HAIRCUTS on c.mpu. by • 
prof ... lonal $III cut. C.II Merglo 462· 
... on 8th floor Tlo" • . H .. 11I/21 

TYPIST. F .. t. Starting 4lic per P'II'. 
C.II R.ch.1 .t 453-127215/231 

travel -] 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE, 
ISRAel ORIENT. low pric .. - long .nd 
short flight. . Limit.d 'P'C'. 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1401 
I1Vlltwood Blvd. LA 90024 12131 879·9121 
or 477-1182 ",., 

EUROPE-ISRAEL·AFRICA·ORIENT Low 
co.t fIIghtl . toura. the whol. stud.nt 
bit. At our offic. over 200 FREE non· 
commerci.1 p.mphl.t., brochur ..... big 
buckl .. ving. ESTC 510 W. Sixth. Suite 
318l.A. 90014 (2131823-2821 (pI/l1 

EUROPE· ISREAl· AFR ,CA Stud.nt 
flightl y." round. Contlct: 
ISCA . 
'11S87 S.n Vicant. Blvd. No. 4 
l.A. C.Uf. 90041 
T.I: (2131 821S"'. I2f.OIIIi 1""1 
Charter & R.gular .Irlln. tick.t • . Phon. 
451-4415 Unlv .... lty Treval 2241 Av • . D. 
lo PI.y • . Lo Jol .. , C • . 1011/301. 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTERS STill 
OPEN - SSW Trav.1 Offic • . On Campul 
Int'l Stud.nt ID. Euroll. Tripping, .tc. 
UCSD Int.rnetlonel C.nt.r. 4I2.OI3b, 
11lm-4pm Mon. W.d. Fri & 9.m·1pm 
Tu .. & Thura. lpl/81 

SOUTH AMERICA & GALAPAGOS 
ISLES 2-4 Month Exp.rienc ... low,cOlt 
.rochure: NEWWORLD 
EDUCATIONAL TRI" P.O. BOX 2131 
Sail no'. C8 . .." 100/DI 


