
Lists Other Projects 
Lobby Annex Plans to 
D~stribute Referendum 

by M~" St~dler 

The UC San Diego Student 
Lobby Annex is mailing a 
referendum on March 3 to all 
undergraduate and graduate 
students asking attitudes on 
housing, education and other 
issues in an effort " to make the 
Lobby a more progressive 
organization on campus," ac-
cording to member Steve Switala. 

In addition, the Lobby is 
looking for cases of student 
housing discrimination to back 
up a proposed fair housing 
amendment in the State 
Assembly. The Lobby is also 
preparing a collective bargaining 
panel discussion and seeking 
applicants for the Student Intern 
program in the spring quarter. 

New to UCSD 
" We've never had a referendum 

like this before," said Switala. He 
added that the bigger campuses 
like Berkeley and UCLA usually 
take the initi:ltive in such 
projects . 

The objective of the 
referendum is to help UCSD 
contribute input to statewide 
Lobby operations. Switala ex-
plained that with the referendum 
results the UCSD Annex can tell 
the Lobby office in Sacramento 
what students here feel is im-
portant. 

The referendum will seek to 
gauge student attitudes in the 
areas of student housing, 
educational quality in the 
university, academic counse ling, 

parking and transportation and 
auxiliary enterprises. ' 

Speaking of the decision to 
make the referendum school-
wide, Switala said, "We could 
have done the same thing with a 
random sampling," but decided 
that a good response to a sctiool-
wide questionnaire would lend 
more legitimacy to Lobby 
operations. 

Discrimination 
I" other lobby activities, 

member Maia McGehee is trying 
to find cases of housing 
discrimination against students . 
The Lobby in Sacramento needs 
this information to document the 
necessity of Assembly Bill 744, an 
amendment to the Rumford Fair 
Housing Act . 

The amendment, introduced by' 
Assemblyman Howard Berman 
(D-Los Angeles), would extend 
the act to include discrimination 
against students . Switala revealed 
that the Lobby wants cases of 
housing discrimination against 
students mainly to highlight 
housing shortage problems that 
make discriminatory practices 
possible. 

The Annex is also putting 
together a panel to discuss 
collective bargainin8, which will 
take place within the next three 
weeks, according to Switala. He is 
contacting various groups for 
participants , including the 
American Federation of Teachers. 
A student, probably from the 
Sacramento Lobby, will also be 
on the panel . 

Advocacy Center Drafts 
Revelle GE Proposals 
The Student Advocacy Center 

had combined forces with 
members of the now-defunct 
Student Committee for the Eval-
uation of the Revelle Require-
ments (SCERR) to draft a set of 
proposa ls to replace the 
"renaissance man" program of 
UC San Diego's oldest c:ollege. 

The proposed Humanities 
r quirement is reduced from six 
quarters to three quarters, while 
the requirements in 
mathematics, natural science, 
and fine arts (three, five and one 
quarters , respectively) remain 
the same. 

The social sc ience 
requirem nt is expanded from 
three quarters to four . Two of 
the quarters are in " con-
tempora ry interdisciplinary . Charyn _ Segal an 
socia l cience," which, ac- member of SCERR a 
co rding to the proposal ' s member of the Advocacy 
framers, students will take after Center group . 
completing the Humanities 
requirement in order to 
" analyze c ontemporary 
problems" and to think 
"critically about the future." 

The - Humanities classes, 
according to the text of the 
proposal, will cover the same 
material as the present six-
quarter sequence, althouah the 
reading material would be 
reviewed and the "dead wood" 
eliminated . 

A Clobal Eco logy 
requirement, pondered initially 
by SCERR, was eliminated from 
;the proposal, says former SCERR 

member Charyn Segal, because 
" it was alienating a lot of . 
people." Segal is active in the 
Advocacy Center Group. 

Another requirement , one 
quarter of English composition, 
would be taken by all freshmen 
students to develop " the 
organizational and mechanical 
skills necessary to produce 
coherent idea developmf'nt in 
critical writing." 

Copies of the proposals will 
be distributed today on the 
Revelle plaza. Members of the 
group will be available for 
dis ussion and sugge tion . 

moo ..... ,. ......... 21.1971 

. Why' 16¢ for Class Sc 
by Charles Heimler 

UNIVERSITY OF CAUFORNIA. SAN DIEGO 
As you may have noticed, it's going to cost you 

15 cents for a UC San Diego Schedule of Classes 
.for the spring quarter, plus a penny for tax. 

I 

The price is being levied by the registrar's of-
fice, which for the past three quarters gave away 
the schedules free of charge. 

$3600 
The price to print one schedule then was nine 

cents a copy, but with increased paper and 
printing costs, it now costs 13 cents a schedule. 
Total cost to print the schedules runs about $3600 
a quarter, says Registrar Ron Bowker, adding that 
h is office can no longer afford to pay it . 

And Bowker figures he'll still lose money, since 
only 7,000 copies of the 9,000 printed will sell, 
leaving his office left paying for 2,000 unused 
schedules . 

Up until last year the schedules cost 25 cents 
apiece. It was Bowker's initiative that led to the 
charge being picked up by the Registrar's office. StBEDULE of CLASSES: 

Bowker also feels a cost" for the schedules will 
encourage students to be more careful about 
holding on to them . When the schedules were 
free, Bowker says students would take several, 
resulting in a shortage of available schedules 
during the first week of classes. 

SPBDIG QUABTEI1975 
For those thinking of transferring because of the 

schedule price, class schedules at Davis, Irvine, 
Riverside and Santa Cruz are free, while Los 
Angeles charges 30 cents, Berkeley 25 cents, and 
Santa Barbara 25 cents. 

Bowker says the 15 cent fee was decided on as a 
last resort . adding that if another S4,OOO could be 
pumped into the Registrar's budget, the charge 
could be eliminated . 

Cooperative Steams, Again Over BRG 
by Rich Yep 

Heated discussions and marked 
outbursts plagued the meeting of 
the Student Cooperative Tuesday 
as a motion to remove six 
members from the 
Budget/ Resource Group (BRG) 
took the floor . 

BRG coordinator Rudy Luque 
introduced a motion asking for 
the removal of Muir represen-
tative Steve Petach , Revelle 
representative Brian O'Loughlin , 
Fourth representative Alec 
Nedelman , Coop - elec ted 
members Bert Lee and Oscar 
Moreno, and Luque himself. The 
motion failed to achieve the 
necessary two-thirds majori'y. 

Wash Own Laundry 
Luque cited the "perp trating 

of co llective ideas" and " onflicts 
of personal integrety" of certain 
BRG members as the basis of his 
motion . 

Many Coop members fe lt the 
BRG should "wash its own dirty 
laundry" and let the Cooperative 
proceed with more important 
matters concerning students . 

Marco LiMandri said,· " W e're 
trying to do something con-
structive (with the Coop) and I'm 
going to set up a task force to 
attempt to separate the BRG from 
the Coop." 

A substitute measure in-
troduced by the BRG's Moreno 
would have ca lled for removal of 
all Coop-elected BRG mE'mber 
had Luque's measure pa s d , but 
it failed to receive the n essary 
two-thirds majority vote. 

Upon the failure of hi 
measure, Luque igned, " I'm 
going fi hing" in response to what 
he would no next . 

Appointment and Evaluations 
Former BRG member Kirk 

Robinson questioned Steve Lop z 
. at to whether his committee on 
appointments and evaluation 
could evaluate the five members . 
Again tempers flared with Lopez 
finally concluding that he dir!:-,'i: 
want to get involved, h • .i\ would 
at the Coop' rea.'.!c.st . 

At the conclusion of the stormy 
meeting; one BRG member who 
asked not to be identified 
claimed gross inefficiency on th~ 
part of Luque as coordinator and 
suggested he be removed. 

C~IPil'l 
In other Coop activity, CalPirg, 

the consumer interest group, 
asked fO'r the Coop's vote of 
co nfidence in an effort to 

establish CalPirg chapters at 
UCLA and UC Santa Barbara . 

Along with this, CalPirg also 
hoped to receive the Coop's 
endorsement of the UCSD CalPirg 
chapter. . 

CalPirg's objective is " to win 
Regental approval (through 
student support, signed peitions, 
and contribution of funds) and to 
'start giving students a real impact 
in the State of California ." 

Coop-elected BRG members Irma Munoz and Ann Carberry , 
two of the three committee members who would have remained on 
the committee if Luque's motion had passed. Third representative 
Selma Blake was also unthreatened. 

Ou.sted Yugoslav Marxist 
To Speak Here Today 

A leading Marxi t-Humanist, vetozar StoJanovlc, will lecture toda 
at 3 pm in the Re elle Informal Lounge on " Ethical Problem ~ 10 
Mar i m and talini m ." His talk will be preceded by an IOtrodu tory 
statement by philosophy professor emeriti He;bert Marcu e 

Dismissed from University 
Professor tojanovic and seven other Yugoslav ph"o~ophy 10-

tructors were recently dismissed from the Univer ity of BE'II!i!rde 
be ause of th ir oppo ition to the official Communi t partv po itlon 
Previous att mpts to drop the eight professor from t~le f~culty had 
failed , but a n w chang in the law gave the p'!~\lament of Yugo lavia 
the authority to r move them 

Ac~o~~ing to th parliament , ~i.olanovlC and the others w r guilty 
of activities oppo d to t~~ aims and practlc of Yogo lavla' ocia ll t 
society. ba i cOl".'{ltutional principle and the poll Ie of tl;~ ('001-
mu~ist p~~y Dr Rob rt ohen of Ro ton Univ r Ity ha callf'd tht· 
aC:~fon "unpr edented in mod rn SO lall t Yugo lavia " 

UC San Diego Philosophy Professor G raid Doppelt said y('\t('rday 
that tojanovl (' is int resled 10 meetlOg with tud nts and facu lty from 
the social I nce at thp informal gathefln ' 

----..- ... '---.---~~-- -- - - - -- -.. ~~ .... "" ........ ~- - - -------------------.-~~=-- ----



L tf 
CAPE Congress, Reve"e, Rudee 

last quart"... I alona with other students, 
participated in a class which unanimously won 
our favors, as it was considered a pleasurable 
learning expt·rience. Unfortunately, when the 
time came to fill out the quarterly CAPE cards, 
some students allowed their personal and petty ' 
grievances to actually alter the essential purpose 
of the cards. This reflects the fact that the 
majority of students do not realize the 
significance of CAPE cards. CAPE cards become 
an integral component of a professor's file and 
remain a permanent part of his or her history, to 
be referred to if and when salary increases and 
position changes should arise at the University. 
With this in mind, when the time comes this 
quarter to fill out CAPE cards-make sure that you 
remain emotionally detached, so that you will be 
able·to intelligently support your judgment . 

i'jAME WITHHELD 

Congress 
I am running for congressman of the 41st 

district of California. People ask me why I am 
running. They think I am crazy, for I am white, 
middle class, and college educated. They tell me I 
can get a better job with no hassles and security . 
They can give me purpose to help a white society 
kill us all while we're looking on not doing a god· 
damn . I am running for Congress because the war 
in Viet Nam is going on, my black brothers are still 
being persecuted, my white brothers are still being 
led down the prim rose path . This country has to 
be stopped from blowing itself up, let alone from 
blowing up the whole god-damn world. 

You ask me what can I do? I can have good 
philosophical discourse with my fellow 
congressmen . And I can also lay into them with a 
whole bunch of litigation that will make their 
heads swim, and I can take my case to the 
American people. Equality should not be some 
lost phrase that only comes up once in a while in a 
classroom , and the rest of the time means 
nothing. Peace should be more of a slogan than R. 
Nixon used to get elected And speaking of this, I 
don 't even have to try to be honest compared to 
some of the rip ofts that have been coming down. 

I am a person that has been thrown in jail , out 
of school systems, harassed by local authorities 
for thinking that there should be some truth in 
what People tell me. If I ask about Viet Nam why 
can 't I be told what's going on? Because it's a big 
rip off. Brothers and sisters, now is the time to 
launch into a campaign for human dignity. A time 
when people need to get their shit together, for 
free speech , etc. doesn't do us no good if we can't 

feed ourselves, house ourselves, cloth ourselves 
with dignity and respect. 

No doubt my campaian manager will freak out 
when he sees this in print. It ruins a chance for 
him to turn me into a MadisOn Avenue produc-
tion . But this campaian has to come to the people, 
and the people have to come back to me if we are 
going to get anything done. We need to stop the 
politicians from ruining our life, and our world. 

I will not win using the convention, the same 
old thing. I need to win if the people after they 
take a close examination of me feel I am worthy of 
their respect . I give you my platform, peace, with 
human dignity that is sorely needed . If you 
mothers won't help, thffi you deserve every rotten 
thing that is going to happen to you . look into 
yourself and ask, instead of Jones, what can I do 
better to help 'my fellow man survive? 

Revelle 

S.R. Jones 
3932 9th Ave. 

San Diego 

This quarter a group of students got together 
because they felt there was an inadequacy in the 
basic lower division requirements. These students 
met many times with each other , faculty and 
administrators,and argued for many hours on what 
their proposal was to be. Their proposal has finally 
been written and presented, but by no means is 
this THE FINAL proposal. The students who 
originally got together have presented us with 
their proposal and have now askep us, as other 
students concerned about the curriculum, to 
come and share our ideas and suggestions with 
them as a part of them. There has been a lot of 
misunderstandings and misinterpretations of the 
proposed curriculum change that will only be . 
cleared up by talking to the advocates of the 
original proposal - you may find out that you 
agree on the same items you thought you were 
disagreeing. 

The students as a whole are a powerful unit 
which will be well listened to, but the students 
split into many factions will not make any 
progress with the administration , nor with 
themselves . No matter what label has been put on 
your proposal , you are still students of Revelle, 
and if you work together now you will get much 
farther much faster . 

JIll GOLDWATER 
So " Reveile is not stagnant, but evolving" So is 

Lake Michigan . 'it's just gone putrid . 
S.B. COlMAN 

"During December 13-14, 1974, thousands of people from all over 
the country came to demostrate in a teach-in and freedom march 
against racism. They went to say "no" to the escalating racist offensive 
agilinst school deseareaation; to ' say "no" to the racist mob-violence 
against black students and to expose the real aims-the racist aims 
behind the 50 called anti-busina movement. 

But what ere the aims behind the Nati9"al Student Conference~ Are' 
they gathering to stop sticks and stones and racist utterances such as 
"send the nillKers home," or are they going to expose a school system 
that has been practicing "institutionalized racism" all alongl The 
obvious racism in South Boston is just one aspect of the opinions 
people in that area have which are probably due to a lack of good 
education . 

They do not want blacks in their schools, nor do they want their 
precious little pearls to be bussed to (for most, black schools) an 
educational institutuion that lacks the proper facilities to equip any 
student with a decent education . 
. The point I want to make is what happens after the sticks and stones 

are stopped~ Does this end the fight against racism? No, it does not, 
but takes on a new perspective known as "institutionalized racism," 
not as open, not as easily recognized, but it exists. 

The faculty of the Boston high school in question is probably just as 
racist as the parents in that area; they probably live next door . Then it 
is no longer the parents who perpetuate the racism that begins in the 
class room, affecting grades, lowering respect, and slowing progress of 
intelligent students. What guarantee do black students have that their 
white teachers will not discriminate when it comes to gradesl 

What good will it do to fight racists when all it will do is take on new 
dimensions? I feel that to fight racist people will do nothing but shift 
the racism from one extent to another, out of the hands of the people, 
and into the hands of the institution that is supposed to educate them . 

Laws have been enacted and changed, attitudes have changed and 
rechanged, people have rioted and died, and racism is still in existence-
equal opportunity for some, and for the rest, first come first served . 

The fight should not stop with the people, but we should also fight a 
system that perpetuates it . Desegregation is one way, but not the best. 
You can't get rid of racism by desegregation. You only slow it down . 
Three years going to school with a white person doesn't make you love 
him, especially when you leave and can't get a job because his sun tan 
is lighter than yours. 

Maybe if we could change a' system that practices separate and 
unequal and give black students a school worth going to, with people 
who recognize black students as equal and intelligent, then there 
would be no need to bus a student to a place where he is not wanted or 
does not wish to be. -

I hope the Students Against Racism, if they do go to Boston, that if 
they go to fight the racist people they will win only one half the fight. If 
they go to fight the system that discriminates as well as the people, 
then they will win the whole battle. 

i\ black student shouldn't have to go out of his house to get a decent 
up ofwater . 

I appreciate the interest that the Triton Times has demonstrated in 
the future of engineering education at UCSD. Unfortunately however, 
your article of February 7th contains two factual errors that might be of 
som confusion to your readers. First, US1iD already has B.A. and Ph .D 

Rudee 

RAlLSAU 

programs in engineering and the 
degree that is being considered 
now by the Committee on 
Educational Policy of the 
Academic Senate is a B.S. degree, 
not the B.A. degree that is im-
plied in your article. Second, it is 
API S, not AMES, that has 
proposed the degree programs in 
Electrical Engineering, Computer 
Engineering , and Engineering 
Physics. AMES is considering 
programs in Mec~ani ca l 
Engineering, Civil Engineering, 
and Chemical Engineering but has 
not yet reached the point where it 
can submit concrete proposals to 

Seattle Portland 

Our new r~und.trlp ooach Excursion Fares offer the biggest savings in Amtrak history. 
Compare them to the plane, bus or even driving - and you'll go by train. Go soon. Go visit 
the family. See old friends or new places. Leave any day in'the week. But you must stay 
at least 7 and no more than 21 days from date of departure. Pick up your Rail Sale bargain 
soon. Amtrak Excursion Fares valid through June 11 tho 

For reservations, call your Travel Agent or 
Amtrak li~r~ in the Yellow Pages under Railroads. 

~'re making the ttains worth nveling again. 

P<lge 2 Triton Times Febru<lry 21 , 1975 

CEP. . 
The interest of the Triton Times 

in the academic programs at 
UCSD is very valuable in keeping 
the student body informed of new 
developments here. I am more 
than happy to help keep the 
information flowing. 

Beautiful 

M .l. R,UDEE 
PROVOST 

Hawaiian 
Shell 

Necklaces 
PUb or Heishi 
1 5"-1 7" $21 

dli'L dU.aU 
Pita send 

money ani. 
Write for other 

Hawaiian products 
GIFT PRODUCTS 

OF HAWAII 
1211 10TH AVE 

HONOLULU, HAWAII 
96816 

Kennedy Focuses on Budget Crunch 
by Elizabeth Chiment 

Florynce Kennedy, founder of 
the Feminist Party. activist for 
Women's Liberation and civil 
rights and practicing attorney and 
author of "Abortion Rap," spoke 
last Thursday to a large receptive 
crowd in the Student Center 
lounge. 

Sponsored by the UC San Diego 
Center, Kennedy began her hour 
lecture with altered renditions of 
'~y Country 'Tis of Thee: 'God 
Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen' (lyriCS 
describing the recent indictments 
of Watergate conspiritors), and a 
Feminist Prayer, a kind of 
liberated lord's Prayer. 

Nolide 
The focus of Kennedy's talk 

was on the present "budget 
crunch" in the United States, and 
how it can be alleviated. At-
tacking the government's recent 

expenditure of S22 billion on a 
new su~ersonic bomber, Kennedy 
said, We must advise our 
government to use their old 
bombers. Shit, that's S22 billion 
and we don't even get a ride." 

"We should support war the 
same way tHat we support 
charities," she said. "Have a huge 
telethon for the Pentagon . That 
way anyone who wants to 
support the war can call them up 
and pledge their money and 
everyone would be happly." 

Kennedy . spoke frankly and 
fQrcefully for the remainder of 
the hour on a number of issues 
relating to women's and blacks' 
rights, the Middle East oil crisis 
and the present difficulties ex: 
perienced by women faculty the 
Women's Center, and the Equal 
Opportunity Program at UCSD. 

New Election 
To end her lecture, Kennedy 

Who's Who in Colleges 
Deadline Next Friday 

A national book honoring 
tudents who have been active in 

campus affairs is now accept ing 
nominations for entry. 

Who's Who Among Students in 
American Colleges and 
Universities bases its selections 
upon service to the campus and 
su rrounding commun ity . 
academic achievement and 
fu ture prom ise . Both un-
dergraduate and graduate 
stu dents are el igible for 
nomination and students may 
nominate themselves if they so 
des ire. 

Deadline Feb. 28 
Application forms are available 

in all Provost offices and at the 
Student Center. They must be 
returned to the office from which 
they were obtained by next 
Friday. It is necessary to complete 
the form in as much detail and 
accuracy as possible for it is from 
this application only that 
nominees are chosen. 

reasons for his/ her election are 
requested. The nominees will 
then be reviewed by the college 
councils and selected in ac-
cordance with their criteria. 

Testing, Anxieties 
Seminar Set 

Hugh Pates, director of 
Counseling and Psychological 
Services, and larry Hedges of 
Oasis will lead a symposium on 
test anxieties for students. The 
symposium will be held today 
from noon to 2 pm in the 
counseling services office, near 
the Revelle provost's office. 

Pates said that the symposium 
was being held because of the 
large number of students that 
have come into counseling 
services with test anxieties. The 
symposium will be the first of 
three similar meetings to be held 
each week at the same time. 

I he main purpose for these 
A list of affiliations (clubs, meetings is " to allow students to 

organizations, etc .) in which the acquire more confidence in 
nominee has been involved and themselves," said Pates. 

HANSEN 
SKIING 
SURFING 
BACK PACKING 
TENNIS 

"Special with th.ls ad, $5.00 
flat file & hot wax." 

. suggested that the " niggerized" 
forces in America join tog"~her 
and demand a special 
presidential election in 1975. " In 
the name of dignity, I think that 
we must have a new election" 
said Kennedy. " I don't thi~k 
having those clowns in there is 
healthy for the country. Getting 
rid of body lice doesn't mean you 
don't take a bath ." 

The Women's Center has 
scheduled a dialogue with 
Herbert Marcuse and Kate Millet 
for April 24 at UCSD. 

Beckley Out Indefinitely for Back 
Condition; Henderson Acting Dean 

A chronic back condition has put Muir Dean of Students J Im 
Beckley on the sick list indefinite~y . 

Fred.Henderson, the assljtant Dean of Students, is serving as 
the actmg De.an In B~ckle:t s abse.nce. Becldey has been in and 
out the MUIr Dean s office thIS year because 0/ his back 
problem. While Beckley is out, Tom Brown, the assistant to the 
vice· Chancellor of Stude"t Affairs, will help Henderson al Muir. 

UCSD THEATRE 
PRESENTS 

FOR THE 
MANDEVIT...LE CENTER OPENING CELEBRATION 

LATERAL ZIG-ZAGS 
Guest director Howard Poyourow presents an evening of d iverse contemporary 
theatre as the third production of UCSD Theatre's 1974-75 Season. Included in 
this program are "The Unseen Hand" by Sam Shepard and "Calm Down Mother" 
and "Pro Game" by Megan Terry. A ll performances at 8:00 p.m. in UCSD 
Theatre. General admiss ion S3.00, students S1.50. 

ENDGAME 
Samuel Beckett's challenging drama directed by Michael Addison. The 
production was performed in the Fall at UCSD, and toured to UCLA, UCR and 
UCS6 where it was acclaimed as " an engrossing and stirring theatrical ex-
perience." All performances are in the Mandeville Center Recital Hall at 8:30 
p.m. with a March 12 matinee at noon. General admission S3 .00, students S1 .50. 

RICHA'RD FOREMAN 
THEATRE PIECE 
Richard Foreman, one of Ameri ca's leading creators of innovative theatre. will 
be in residence at UCSD as Regents' lecturer and will mount an origina l theatre 
piece, THINKING (ONE KIND). Performances at 2:00, 4:00, 7 '00 and 9:00 pm 
in the Mandeville Center, Room 6-115. General admission $2.00, tudents S1 .00 
limited eating. 

DESIGN EXHIBITION 
A superb premier exhibition of major scenic and costume designs by a galaxy of 
America's foremost theatrical de igners. This extensive repre entat ion of the art 
of stage design will be on display in the Main Theatre Lobby of the Mandevi lle 

J Center. Viewing hours : Noon to 9:00 p.m. No admission charge. 

TICKETS FOR ALL EVENTS AVAILABLE 
IN THE UCSD THEATRE BOX OFFICE 

HOURS: 12:30-4:30 MONDAY-FRIDAY 
Triton Times Febru .. ry 21, 1975 PaKe 1 



Copcert Notes 
I 

by urr, ~Ckel 
Well, things have seemed to 

quiet down on the concert 
scene and inlo a general calm 
before the storm sets in before 
the grand opening of the 
Mandeville Centt!r and all that it 
will bring. 

But music still abounds in 
strange and timely places . 
Though I never get all the info 
on them , there is almost always 
a noon concert on Wednesdays 
on the gym steps, and the UCSD 
Music guild is popping up 
everywhere these days. 

At any rate, free concerts are 
the bill of fare th is week, and a 
few good ones at that . 
Tomorrow night the UCSD 
Baha' i Club is sponsoring a free 
concert in Student Center 
lounge at 8:00 pm featuring 

guitarist Don Reed . 
Reed's major ac-

comp l ishments include ap-
pearances in the rock opera 
"Tommy" and the major West 
Coast production of " Jesus 
Christ Superstar ." His voice has 
been featured on the sound-
tracks of 20th Century Fox's 
"The Seven Minutes" and "Soul 
Soldier ." His style has been 
described as a combination of 
soul and folk . 

At Revelle's Side Door on 
February 26, entertainment will 
feature Molly Stone and the lost 
Horizon . I've never heard the 
band before, but Molly Stone's 
last group delighted audiences 
and won the UCSD Talent Show 
last year if I'm not mistaken . 

Comi n g concer ts : Rod 
McKuen, Dave Mason, and led 
Zeppelin , to name .a few. 

lbu 'tho~t 
~tnatriculation" 

was an 
unhealthy habit. 

You owe yourself an Oly. 

Olympia BreWing Company, Olympia , Washington ·OlY· .... 
All OlympIa empties ate recyclable 

One Act and One Act and One Act 
Three one-act plays under the direction of 

UCSD MFA-candidate directors will be presented 
next week at various locations and times on the 
UCSD campus. The three plays represent a diverse 
cross-section of theatrical thought and presen-
tation . 

" Hello Out There," a one-act play by William 
Saroyan (author of "The Time of Our lives") will 
be presented on Thursday and Friday afternoons, 
Feb. 26 and 27 at 5:00 pm , in 409 Matthews 
Campus . The ..-Iay, under the direction of John 
Ovrutsky, is an off-beat love story involving a 
frightening yet tender evening in a Texas jail. 

The Narrative Project , part of an on-going 
theater laboratory and under the direction of 
Peter Klein , will present "Teig O 'Kane and The 
Corpse." Teig was developed from a traditional 
Irish legend about a young profligate who gets hi s 
act together under supernatural duress. The piece 
explores the implications of common-place in-
teractions in a range of presentational modes. Part 
of this intends to suggest the resonance of 
mundane and symbolic gestures, using the sparest 
theatrical conventions and facilities . 

Performance dates are Feb . 28 and March 1 in 

409 Matthews Campus at 1\:00 and 10:15, and a 
special performance on March 2 in the Muir rive 
and Dime at 8:00. 

"The Conversation," a new play examining the 
transformation of Patty Hearst from heiress to 
revolutionary, will be playing on Matthews 
Campus Feb. 28, March 1 and 2. The play, written 
by Jeffrey levy, a playwright in the Mr A drama 
program, is under the direction of Frank Condon . 

The "lay uses slide and actual tapes and video-
tapes of the 5lA kidnappinR incident to contrast 

al'!~ clarify the story pf the fictional victim, Julie 
Shen . As Julie bt'gins to join the cause of her 
captors the documentary sections explore the 
political , social and economic considerations 
behind the Hearst Empire and the SlA . 

The play is being done in a quonset hut to 
simulate an environment similar to the actual 
hideouts of the SlA Performances are at 8 :00 
and 10:15 pm on feb . 28 and March 1, and at 8 :00 
pm on March 2. Seating is limited and intimate . 

Tickets for " The Narrative Project" and "The 
Conversation " are 50 cents and are available at 
the UCSD Theatre Box Office, Monday-Friday 
12 '30-4 '30 

.----------------------. A Soft Retreat 

Now Available at the 
University Bookstore 

Noisy cars, a smoking pipe, dissolving mind. 
Is this real or very near the end? 
Autumn leaves, a calendar scene, 
Bul only 10 dream of 

NEED IT FAST? TRY US FIRST! 

Pilge 4 Triton Tim~s F~br~ry 21 , 1'75 

One of This 
Years Best 

Sellers! ! 
An authoritative account 
of the Manson Family 

murders and subsequent 
trial, 

untV(RSITI 

~nHEWS CAMPUS 

Sensual passions, released in a spread. 
Dream on young friend, 
For more lies where dreams are dead. 

Be it blue or grey, black and while. 
Is it cause 10 sit and wander among the peaceful road? 
Too late to be, just smoke away. 

- Peter Derek 
. -

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING 

1~~S Nf~ON 
. O~ Sl'S SJ'sr£J,f. ~OLOR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK :f 

PENTAX, OLYMPUS, cI KONICA CAMERAS. LENSES 
LARGEDARKROOMDEPA~ENT 

INCLUDING 
KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES' SERVICE 'TRADES' REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAV.S CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

4 ... 730 

David Pickett Music: 
Tower of Power and a Talk with Taj Mahal 

Sunday night found me 
hassling my way into the Taj 
Mahal/Tower of Power concert; 
getting my tickets was difficult as 
I had to contend with a sold out 
concert . 

I was antiCipating a good 
concert, and had even managed 
\0 arrange an interview with Taj 
the next morning. Consequently, 
most of my attention was 
focused on Taj and his group. 

This is in no way to un-
derestimate the Tower of Power 
performance. A Tower of Power 
billing is a guarantee; after 
catching just about everyone of 
their San Diego appearances, I 
have learned that if you want to 
dance, you go see the T of P. It 
never fails; and it didn't Sunday 
night at the Peterson gym . 

The group's greasy East Bay 
brass . though , seemed at times 
overcome by the four man 
rythym section ; prodUCing a 
sound with more bump than slip. 
Len ny Williams with a 
metronomic voice, managed to 
keep things from getting out of 
hand. In " Knock Yourself Out" 
the center of the performance, 
first tenor lenny Pickett was 
given a solo while the rest of the 
brass took a break offstage, 
which, despite the fact that he 
coul dn't hear him~elf on the stage 
moni tors , was dynamite . 
Following a ho-hum organ solo, 
the number concluded with a 
showy array of colored lights, and 
the lowering of a giant Back To 
Oakland freeway sign . That's 
what they get for hanging around 
Elton John, but the effect was 
okay . 

Taj Mahal and his new siK piece 
band began the show Taj opened 
the set alone, announcing that 
he'd be ' 'lakin ' it easy comin' on ." 
Unfortunately, th e two songs he 
sang while accompanying himself 
on guitar were lost in the Peterson 
'lym . Nonetheless, "Cakewalk 
Into Town" and "Ain 't Nobody's 
l3usiness" came on as personal 
expressions of a life style, em-
phasized by the fact that they 
were Taj' sso los 

In the interview Monday 
morning, I found that the songs 
Taj Mahal sings are accu rate 
portrayal of his personality . In 
"Nobody's Business" seeking the 

good life, if it be champagne and 
cocaine, "Ain't nobody's business 
but my own ... .. " Cakewalk" 
describes a man just out of a deep 
junk; " I had the blues so bad one 
time it put my face in a per-
manent frown / But now I'm 
feel in' so much better I could 
cakewalk into town ." I found 
myself talking to a guy who puts a 
high value on taking it easy, 
despite a hectic job, and who 
likes to play music for a living 
after a background in farming and 
animal husbandry . It seems that 
he has set up his affairs to avoid 
those people who would make 
him a "star" and everything that 
goes with it . This easy lifestyle, 
and how he has sought to 
maintain it, was som ething he 
talked about a lot, directly and 
indirectly. 

"You've got that (farm ing) out 
0'1 you then?" 

" I like to do that! I like to do 
some other things . Kind of cool 
off for awhile. That just leaves 
you tuned up to what's really 
goin' on . Things move a little bit 
too fast in this business, even 
though you get 'em at a com-
fortable pace. People are con-
stantly eggin' you to go faster, or 
more of this and more of that . 
With good cause, you know, but 
sometimes it just don't fit in with 
where you're at at the time. logic 
ain'g got nothing to do with 
feeling, and feeling ain 't got 
nothing to do with logic, yet if 
you don 't have 'em both , if you 
can't work something out ... not a 
compromi se, cause it always 
seems to be that the com-
prom ise ... , the person who 
dreams up the compromise is the 
one that stands to gain the most 
by it all ... Jt 's like you got to watch 
out for the sharks , but man , that 
don't mean you stop tishin', or 
swimmin ', you know? They're 
there, so you learn about them , 
and you keep in mind what you 're 
doin ' or you never get off the 
gro und ... 1 really st rive to keep 
those people out of my scene all 
togeth er." 

After the opening solo songs, 
Taj was joined by his new band : 
Hoshel Wright , guitar; Ray Fitz-
patrick, bass ; Kester Smith , ~rap 
drums; larry M cDonald, per-
cussion; Earl Lindo , keyooards ; 
and Rudy Costa, woodwinds, 
flute and kalimba. During the 
performance, it became clear that 
Taf \yas howing these new boys 

JUST OUT - the only comp'lete 
guide to the psychic world! 

ALL Ih. 1., •• 1, h.rd-to-finci In'orm.tlOft In on. gllnl 
p .... rb.ckl Psychic organizations, periodicals, books, 
bookslores • Fields 01 Iile and cosmic influences ' The 
aura and out-ol-body experiences ' Divination, med iums 
and psychics • Splrilual healing • Time and Ihe multi-
dimensional self ' Planls and pyramids ... PLUS 0"' 350 
ItIU8IrItlonl. acid,..... of pulttllhers. 

ONLY 15.00 al youl bookslor. now- or order directly 
'rom G.P. PUTNAM'I IONI, 

200 MIClIIOn Av •• , New York, N. V. 10018 

off, and with good reason . 

"Ozzie (Ta(s. manager) was 
saying that the musicians you've 
got with you now are from the 
Carribean ." • 

"Four of them . Two are from 
Jamaica, and two are from 
Tri!lidad ." 

" You 've got a really fine sax 
man there." 

" Isn't he a nice man? I mean 
serious, some serious solo in' . 
... He's a young cat and he doesn't 
know anything about the horn, he 
doesn 't know a damn thing, he 
just plays . And that's what I like 
about him, he just plays the 
music ." 

The first tune that they did 
together , a loose reggae , 
displayed the band's Carribean 
roots . Despite the distorted, 
overpowering bass, the number 
was handled very well. With a 
very complex rythym, and a 
melody that only hinted now and 
then what it was going to do, the 
song was a show piece. This set 
the qualitative tone of the per-
formance as the band moved 
back and forth from R&B, more 
reggae, and some tunes that 
might be called jazz . 

" I started baSically with jazz 
music, big band blues, gospel, 
spirituals . Not so much honky-
ton k bl ues or country western . 
Pop music was on ; lots of jazz . I 
dig jazz, you know, Coleman 
Hawkins, lester Young, _ Archie 
Shep, so on, so on , so on, Charlie 
Parker .. . I've been listenin ' for a 
couple of years to hear what guys 
have been doin ' in that direction, 
and that has gotten to be a pretty 
traditional trip too . Get your 

traditional li cks and riffs; I sort of 
stay out of it when it starts gett in ' 
to be like that . I wait till it gets 
real quiet, then you can say 
something that has some 
meaning ... 1 try and keep myself 
from runnin ' with the crowd too 
heavy." 

Taj seems as comfortable with 
the reggae that tie is doing now, 
as with anything that he has done 
in the past. Two high points of the 
show Sunday were "The Tables 
are Turning" and " Johnny Too 
Bad" both examples of traditional 
reggae songs. 

"How did you get introduced to 
reggae?" 

"Well , it's part of my heritage 
really . Not so much reggae as 
Carribean and South American 
music. My father'S side of the 
family comes from down around 

the islands, down below Puerto 
Rico, Virgin Islands; and I have 
relatives all the way down to 
Venezuela . Before I spoke the 
English I speak now, I spoke 
broken English . My speaking 
voice is a learned voice " 

Taj seemed vague when asked 
about his future plans, he I~ 
content to stay In the musIC 
business, he enjoys it but would 
like to see his life a little 
smoother, maybe to have more 
time to himself, to do some more 
deep water fishing . 

" I just try and figure out more 
and better ways of makin' mUSll 
available without the bullshlt I 
imagine If I find something that 
accompanies my spirit real well , 
or I accompany it real well, lust 
pick up and go on, you know I " 

La Jolla Surf Shop 
226' AVENIDA DE LA PLAYA 
LA JOLLA, CALIF. 4S4~4644 

1 Block West of La Jolla Shores Market 

~*********************************************f * The University of California, San Diego * i MANDEVILLE CENTER ! I' FOR THE ARTS ! 
: OPENING CELEBRATION : 
* ...... * 
: HARRY PARTCH 'S : 
* THE BEWITCHED * #' an evening of adult Dance Theater satire and exotic musical instruments : 
: FRIDAY, MARCH 7 UCSD student $4/ 3 8:30pm : 
* ... *** * 
: INNER CITY REPERTORY DANCE CO. : 
* ."th audience stood LIp, cheered, cried out for more and it was right! " Y Times * 
#' SATURDAY, MARCH 8 UCSD student $312 8:30pm : 
* * #' GARY GRAFFMAN : 
* " among the elite circle of pianists headed by Rubenst in .... Philadelphia Inquirer * 
* * * Tuesday, TUESDAY, MARCH 11 UCSD student $3.501$2 .50 8:30pm * 
* * ! U.C.S.D. GOSPEL CHoi'R wI EDWIN HAWKINS i 
#' THURSDAY, MARCH 13 UCSD student $3.50 /$2.50 8:30pm : 
* ....... * 
: MUSIC FOR LARGER ENSEMBLES : 
*. * 
: DIRECTED BY THOMAS NEE #' 

~. rEATUR ING THE La Jolla Civi / University OrchE' tra * 
I * * Opening Remarks by NANCY HANKS, Chairman, allonal Endowment for t 1e Art * 

* * * SATURDAY, MARCH 15 UCSD student $3/$2 8:30pm * 
* * : Tickets available at all Thearle' s Music Stores : 
: and U.C.s.D. Central Box Office 452-4559 452-4090 : 
~************.************************.*******. 

Triton Times hbr~r)' 21,1975 'iltI«! Ij 

- - - --------~-



For All of You WhO Have 
Dreamed of Bei ng Jim Murray 

You always wanted to grow up 
to be just like somebody, right . 
Maybe it was Mickey Mantle? Or 
maybe Jonny Unitas? Anyway, 
there has always been an idol or 
image you want to achieve. 

For those of you dreaming of 
Jim Murray's world or Dan 
Jenkins, now is the chance to take 
a step in the right direction . 

In other words, the Triton 
Times needs a couple of Sports-
writers . If by any stretch of the 
imagination you are interested, 
please stop in and see editor Kirk 
Robinson . ' 

If you also enjoy participating 
as a spectator at a sporting event 
this job is for you . In addition to 

watching your own UCSD teams 
in action, you can write about 
them as well. 

The qualifications are few ; you 
have to be interested in sports 
and you have to be able to write 
in a literate, or reasonably literate 
fashion . 

The pay is worth about a case a 
week, or possibly a little more if 
you stretch your dollars and buy 
cheap brew. There is also the 
possibility of a. fringe benefit or 
two. 

So if you are interested in 
kicking back, enjoying a brew and 
writing a sports story or two a 
week, now is the time to join the 
Sports staff at the Triton Times. 

Student committee to Keep Kleinberg 
a meeting to plan a unified strategy for student action 

Friday, Feb 21, 5:00 p.m. MuirT.V. Lounge 
phone: 4~38 

.. , ,,,,, ._ . -==:;)4- .... "I.. .... -- .. ~ 

. :!r PREMEDICAL STUDENTS ~ 
~ - National MC!;e!~~~w N~~~ ~ 
~ The specialized approach to MeAT preparation Offered locally at Los Angeles, Irvine. Riverside Santa Barbara and San Diego . 
n Enroll /lOW for Spring sessions. 
U NATIONAL MCAT REVIEW COURSE ~ ~ ~'a. Box 362 n CI,atsworth, CA 91311 .. t [2 13} 980-5993 ~.. .... .... .... -- .... "I 

Rally Overtakes Point lorna 

Tritons Win, 83·76; Move Into 2nd 
by Kirlc Robinson 

The UCSD Basketball squad overcame a five 
point halftime deficit, then turned back a late Point 
loma rally to down the Crusaders, 83-76, Tuesday 
night The win gives the Tritons sole possesion of 
second place in the Southern Division of NAIA 
District III 

Down 43-38 at halftime, the Tritons rallied to 
take a three point lead at 63-65 with five minutes 
left in the game. Joe Coit sparked the rally, giving 
the Tritons the lead at 66-65 with a beautiful 
running hook down the lane. George Calhoun then 
put UCSD up by three 'on a lay-in from a feed from 
Coit . 

Point loma was not through yet as they came 
back to take the lead at 72-71 with 2:22 remaining. 
The Tritons then received a break as a bad pass 
inside was picked up by Paul Trainer. Trainer was 
then fouled on the ensuing shot. He converted both 
free throws to give the .Tritons a lead they never 
relinquished . 

From then on UCSD outscored the Crusaders 8-3 
to win the game going away. For the Tritons Paul 
Trainer was high point man, hitting for a game t igh 
of 27 points. George Calhoun added 16 points, with 
Charles "Kool Aid" Aubert and Joe Co it getting 13 
apiece. Steve Foster led Point loma with 26 points, 
15 of which came in the first half. The win im-
proved the Tritons league mark to 6-3 and leaves 
them one-half game away from first place. A win in 
their final league game against USIU would insure 
UCSD a spot in the District Playoffs. The Tritons 

playoff hopes were fortified by Cal Baptist, who 
beat the Tritons twice and were forced to forfeit 
four of their league wins due to an ineligible player. 

Coach Barry Cunningham was pleased with the 
team's second half performance. He noted that the 
team had "played with intensity" in the second 
half, as compared to the first half where the team 
played as if they "had just gotten out of bed." 
Cunningham felt the key to the game was that the 
Tritons were able to get the ball inside, a point 
attested by Trainer's 27 points . The team was able 
to penetrate the Crusader's zone effectively . 

Cunningham also noted that the "breaks finally 
tumed our way" late in the second half. Trainer's 
recovery of the loose ball turned out to be the 
biggest break for the Tritons. The return of Joe Coit 
to the lineup also helped the team tremendously. 
Coit returned from an umpire's school a week ago . 
Assistant Coach Bob McCook noted that Co it's 
return has added "depth and experience" to the 
squad. As a result, lyle Smith, one of the "most 
improved players on the squad," according to 
McCook, has seen very little action in recent 
games . Cunningham added, "Coit is one of the 
leaders on the team . He is such a positive player, it 
brings the morale of the team up." 

In action last weekend the Tritons lost to Azusa 
Pacific, 74-66, UCSD played "without intensity in 
the first half, then couldn't buy a basket in the 
second half," according to Cunningham. 

BLue.rA[)E THE SPORTS CALENDAR 
WOK OF WEEK 

Abalone & Mushrooms 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

(UISINE 
DinnM Ho",.: 
filion · TIHIr J.'(I 

Frl·s.r J." 

Beer ~nd wine 
served 

10"" Discounl with 
UCSD SCudeRI 10 

AMPLI: PARkiNG 
459-9842 

1 L~ JolI~ Blvd . • 
---

-

D ... 

Fri. 2121 
Fri 2121 

... 

Set.2!22 
Set. 2122 
Mon.21:M 
Tu_2121i 

Wed. 2/21 
Wed. va 

T_ Location Tim'; 

Man'IT ..... USIU MulrCouru 2pm 
GOlf USD C.mp p.ndleton 12:30 pm 
.......... LA .aptlst M.'nGym Ipm 

JV ......... " UCSDAlumni Main Gym Ipm 
....... H USD DI.mond 3pm 
M ... ·.T ..... PoIntL_ Mul,Coun. 4pm 
..... et;,eM UIIU Main Gym Ipm 
JV.eaketbaU UIIU Main Gym Ipm 

Reasons for Roots. 
No.3. Rocker Sole. 
When you walk. your body weight shifts from your 
heel down the outer side. across to the big toe for 
lift-off Roots sole makes each lift-off less work. 

CHABAD HOUSE 
The City Root. 
one of 10 styles. 

Sold only at Roots shops. 
Gift certificates available. 

invites you for a 

PURl 
CELEBRATION 

MEGILLAH READING 
- HASSIDIC DANCING 

FREE 
Mon. Feb. 24, 6=30 p.m. 

Tues. Feb. 25, 10:30 a.m. 
MASQUERADING OPTIONAL 

Page (, Triton Times February 21, 1975 

Now Open Sundays 12 pm-5 pm. 
10909 Kinross Ave. , \'kstwood Village (213) 478-0101 
1218 Prospect St., La Jolla, Calif. (714) 459-5000 

City feet need Roots. 

University 0/ Cali/omia, San Diego presents 
as part 0/ the Opening Celebration 0/ the 

MANDEVILLE CENTER 
FOR THE ARTS 

EASTMAN HOUSE 
RARE FILMS 

Mon-Thurs March 10-13 2:00 pm 
and 

Lecture by JAMES CARD, Director, 
Department of Film, International 

Museum of Photography, 
Rochester, N.Y. 

Friday March 14 7:00 pm 
Tickets available: UCSD Student Center Box Office 

UCSD student $1.50 Series $5.00 
General Admission $2.50 Series $10.00 

For information: 452-4559 or 452·4090 

notices 
COMMUNICATIONS IlTUDINTS _ 
to. pOIIuGIl ...... MN: ani C4III. Reo 
canw ...... hIow ........ 1Id 
faouIty.1II211 
COUIIIII 01' IPICIAL INnRIST TO 
WOMIN: ............. In W_'a 
C_ ...,.,. yeu ...... for ...... 
0....-1111211 
CAR IlALLY- 7. _,...., Ne.. Nardi 
end of Zoo Prtdftl lot. ...... -Ie 
you'd". to eat'" whtI. .. -'-nt 
with ~ ad. 121211 
SCHEDULI CHANGEI - IOCIOLOGY -
Soc. ,. ........ to Tu. TIl a..4:J1 
23111 H."; 1oc.1tIA CWrlPt/ .......... 
toTu" .. ':GD .. P8L 
NEW CLAIS-Ioc. ,..IJu .... R_1 
See SoclalOft' o.a-nt. 1l1l'i ..... 
for Info. 121241 
Studant ,."raaantativea of CAL 
WESTERN ICHOOL OF LAW lac-
credltatad Inathu1Ionl wi. ~ the 
schoOI'. mlnortty ...... Itment ...... _ 
with 1..-cI.tudanta .. , p.m. Feb 
:II. In Conf._ Room at ltudent 
C ... ter. \2IMI 
The Triton n_ will elect a _ edItOr 
on February • . A ......... _ ehould ...... 
__ allllCflanca, and __ ,or 
current Triton n_ etaH ..,.,.".. 
ObUlln II ...... from SED. ~_ 
. mu.t ... recalwd In oHIca by I:GII 
Thu"'y, Feb .... ry 'D. 12181 
Who '. Who Amon. St"d.nt. In 
Ametfan eo-.. and UrIh.,.,... 
Noml .. tlon fom. .re In C ...... 
O .. n·1 oHIc.. and the Student Info 
C.nt ... Pick u" .nd retum to -"" 
offlc .. by Feb 8th Friday. 121211 
AnyoM Int .... ted In IntNmurel track, 
phone C'- \21., 
Suot •• nd F ...... , Incom. Tu Forml 
will b •• VIII ...... In R.y L ...... '. offIc. (Stud ... t L_' SONIc... 2nd floo,. 
Stud.nt C.nt.rl •• of Fri Feb. 21. 121211 
Worlclhop fo, .",dan,. .xperlencln, 
hl,h tnt .... , .... nxiety. Conducted by 
Hu,h P" .. , Ph.D. 8 Larry Hed_ 
OASIS L .. ,nlng Co ..... lUlnt. Fri. Feb. 21 
12-2 PM " t ... R ....... PrOIIoat Offlc • . 
(21211 
SKI HEAVENLY VALLEY Mar. D-21 
IQuan., b ... k, I 11ft tlck_, I nit .. 
10d,ln, . . .10. On .... .t Stud ... t 
C.nt., M-F. "'1. 12-1 0, call 413-1:.7 
(2/7' 
Appllcatlolll now ........ ccepted for 
UC Stud.nt LObby Int_hl... In 
S.crem.nto. Apply by Feb:ll. 2nd Floor 
Stud ... t C.nt ... or call.....,. 121211 

0.. .. ottwtn. .............. etudy 
.ltill., nate-taltln, cle_. I",'n, 
a-tar. All ....... ,.. ....... _oncI 
waaIt at 0-.. Fer ............. nd 
............. , cal CIlIa! .... JJIO 
Dr_to ...... _Me~71 

" yeu ..... 4 ..".,. at CIadIt .1Id ... . 
Junlaror ............................... . 
lower ...... Math ......... cou_. 
.......... C ........ ~Dr 
_ to ...... _ Me for m_ Info. 
\1171 
PIli-LAW WflmNO: JunlOrl. IIanIon 
'-_lied In ............ _ma, and 
_ t ... wrItInt portion at LlAT whi .. 
I~ their wrhIns In -'-, 
.non '" LItlE ... 10 _ Martha In 12M 
H-L or .... dII2. 121211 
CREATIVE WRmHO: 5 ....... , _tlon, 
of UtlE.... 10 _ baI .... formed for 

_~ A ""dante I..-tad In 
crea1tve wrttl .... CaIIIla22 or ,0 to 12M 
H·L J2I2II 
A", etucIant .......... to _ on the 
MuIr COIIesa Curriculum R....... .nd 
Development loard, Muir P.rlcl ... 
Advlaory Committee .nd Muir Hou.l ... 
.nd food Servlca COIIImIttaa ahould 
contact the Muir 0-'. OffIce th .. 
waaIt. 12121' 
Wrttl ... TIltoN Fo, Fall '11: IntarHlIed 
etudanta .hould apply _ for .d-
mlaalon to ' LIterature G ...... , 114, The 
T_hl ... of WrttI.... ........ QUlIn.,. 
ThIe .. _ • p~ for tutGra. 
who mUlt ...... 1O OPA; u_ divlllon 
-- \14 unital by 8apt. 1171; end WRmHO A.,UTY. C_ to 1 .. H-L 0, 
caU x2II22 to apply and picltup cOu, .. 
daacrl"tI ... J2I2II 
Subl.ct A R ... ul,ad: Anv un-
cIa",red ... te for whom Subject A I. 
.... ulred .nd who 18 not currently 
enrolled In Lh-E ... 10. Communication. 
10 or Fountl C ...... '0 .hould anroll In 
lit-Eng '0 fo, Spring Qu.rter 0, ... 
Ada.. K.rilMr In ,.. H-L ebout 
.. tlsfyln, t'" _' ...... nt. ., 
.URROUGHS CORPORATION on 
campu. Friday. Feb.21. Interviewing for 
P'Ogram .... ' II-.ra 'v_" and 
E ... , ..... SMII. BA-MS In Info ..... tlon 
.nd Computl .... ScIencaL Fun .... Info 
.nd 'PPUI . • t C.,.. Planning, 3CI2 MC. 
\1P11 
4th Collage Sponeori .... c.mpu.-wlde 
boat cNI .. : next Frldav Feb 21 10:00 pm 
- 1:G11.m at San Diego H.rbor. Meet In 
the R.vell. P.rill... lot to ., .. nOI 
t"nIPonltlon. Tick.t. on 1.1. 
baglnnlng Tu ... Feb 11th .t nOOn fo, 
t2. •. All Stu~ Invhed - Liv ••• nd, &F, .. B"''''_~' 

Ma .. RNidant Voluntaan Naadad: If MIDNIOHT CIIUISE .nd DANC:E At Medium 
you ... a _.m ..... , ...... dorm .. _orad by Fountl COl .... on Friday As I was walking along the 
rwldant, non-dlabatic whh no kidney Feb. 211,om'O:OO to ':GIl. L .... band . • o street the other day. I couldn 't 
prob"m.and yOU - wI.n, to euII/Oo;n co ..... nd 1t00gla. 12121' help but notice that my shoE'S you"'" to: 11' Undergo • complete 
",,"leal flt_ .um and 121 Ex.rcIM were untied . Of course, being a 
for' hou, for '-' 4 daye a ...... Triton Times editor, I im-
.. .. - S rI 0 f ~ ... ...- VIeItI.... Prota.or ...... I,.ndweln, bo 

.N" P... tT. rom ..--m---• .--. MIDRAlHIC MOOELS IN MOOEIIN mediately set a ut to correct 
call Dllna Denn. 8ubjacta' CoordI_ the sl'tuat,'on . Ext. 4012. Q'211 HE.REW POETRY M .. Feb. :M " 4:00 

_ In the R ...... Informal Lou..... Several options were im-
VOCATIONAL INTEREST SURVEYS: Evary_lmrttad.I2I211 mediately apparent to me . One . Cou........ for melon .nd __ 
Mon 4-6, T .... 201. _ H.L J ... nI I could completely forget about 
Munay, ActI ... C ...... D .. n. Huah the matter . Two : I could take 
...... ,Ph.-D.13/141 Oultarllt-SI...., JOHN ADLER wHI ... my shoes off and carry them . performln, In the R ....... 51. Door on 
SEX CUNIC: COUneall ... on Se.ual Mon nita, Feb:Mth. 12124' Three : I could stop, bend down, 
P,obl.m.. W.d. 3-1 pm; R.velle and proceed to tie the damned 
Couneelo .. OffIc. lnext to the R.... things . 
Provoet 0ffIc.1. Judith J"",._n, II . h h M.O.-Huoh Pa_, Ph.D. 13/14, H .. , Laure Moorehead, black .ctlvllt let me te you rtg t now t at 

from LOI An,.'OI, I_k-out on reclat I am not prone to hasty, ill-
BLACK CONSCIOUSNESS WEEK'7I. .ttacke In Boeton. Friday, Feb. 2112:00, conceived decisions . I stopped B"'nnl .... Feb :M to Mar 2 at UCSO. Mul'PIa~ •. 12/211 
D.,1y actIvltl ....... ,n It _. the in my tracks and gave the matter 
.. ,..,., f)ubHc II Invited. HI,hllghte of some thought . Which of the 
the w .... activities Inclucla f .. ",red possible courses of action open 
,u .. t I_ke .. St .... 1Iy Carmie ..... , "WOMEN IN CHINA" - IlmulUlneou. to me would be the best in the 
.nd M.rvln X. Com. out .nd enJov liida and film p_tlon of Im-
YOU"'". p_lona oft"''''' ofwom.n In China short run? In the long run? What meetings today. UCSD International C.nt... would the neighbors say? Would 

Mon~F.b 24 I:GII pm. 12/24' I care? 
TRANSCENDENTAL MEDITATORS: As I pondered my dilemma, 
T ... ,. will ba • _lal meetln, II Ik d b d 'd 
rega,dln, M.heriahl Intarnatlon Unly. some cu wa e y an sa l . 
Mon. F.b.24 at 7 pm In R."., .. Fo,m.1 Evllyn R_, Femlniat Antlwopolo,l.t " Wh y don ' t yo uti e your 
loun ... G,oup Med . • 1.0. Joe RI .... r. wlllba._klng on Evolution Mon, F.b. shoelaces, stupid?" and the 

:M .t 7:011 .t SOSU . Montazum. H.II. 
-'-or .. 114OISIMSII2/:M1 C'l'IIlaavefromt ... Wom.n'.C.nt •• It! solution came to me. Kill him 
Th. Stud.nt Commltt.. ag.'nlt 1O:11. 12I:M' and take his shoes. 
Raclom I. holdl ... • ._k·out meetlno It was so logical, officer. He 

today It noon In Mul, PiaU. If yOU ca,. ~F.~:=:==::::::~;';;~~~~:I:IaZIalIl at .11 0, heva lomathlnll to MY, ... was wearing loafers. t",,..12/211 
Stud.nt Committee to k .. p K'.'nber,: 
A m •• tlrll to plen a unNled .tat"y fo, 
etud.nt Ictlon. Frlde",F.b.21. 5pm_ 
Mul, TV Loun, •. Funhe, Info: 4Ii4-OI3I 
12/1., 
PREMEDICAL AND PREDENTAL 
STUDENTS: Friday. Feb 21 , 5:30 to 7:011 
P. m. In 2100 .5. for .,1 premedical and 
prad.nul Itud.nUl who are plannlno to 
apply to prof_lonal IchoOIa thla 
coml .... aumm.,. I7/21' 

music and lectures 
Herbert M.rcu .. will _k at I pm In ' 
the R.vlli. Cafet.rIa on Monday Feb 
24th "CrltIQu. of C.plUll"m Today" 
.nd Mondey March ltd "Th. Soclall.t 
Alternatlw" 12/241 
P,Of ... o. C.rloa Monllv.... M.xlco·. 
fo,.m.,.t cont.mporary critic; N.tlonal 
Culture In M •• lco TOday. Feb. 2Ii .t 4:011 
pm In the R .... n. Form.ILoun ... 12/24' 

TRIG.rtF 
/7ln~mar Bergmand () II I P , L 'tL£~ an ' "V f2l.,j"p,e 't~ 

USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 7S t 
8.& TVBD or P:lLK. 

7:30 Marco BeliocchioFlst In The 
Pocket (1965) Italy 

9:10 Mai Zetterling The Girls , 
(1971) Sweden 

USB 2722 $'1.00 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

It Sounds 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN MJOO GRADUATES CAN READ 

THE EXORcST IN 58 MINUTtS 

At l1IaI s,.t, TIlt 403 '''' c.n. aa.. 
WIllI .... 1!IIpId T1IM TIM ..... 

You ~n do it. too. So fer over 550.000 other people have done it_ People who 
·hlve different jobs, different lOs, diff"ent internlS, different educations have 
completed the COUI'II. Our grldultll If. people from III walks of life_ These 
people heve III tlken I COUrtl developed by Evelyn Wood, I prominent 
educator. Practically III of them It '-t tripled their rueling speed with equal or 

thing-the place to learn more lbout it i. It I frM speed reading lesson. 
Thi. I. the same COUrtl President K.nnedy "-d his Joint Chiefs of StlH tlke. 
The staH ot Prnid.nt Nixon completed this cour. in Ju".1970. The 111M one 
Senatorslnd Congressmen have tlken. 

bettIr comprehe .. llon. Moat IYve increased it even more. 
think for I moment whit that mHnI. All of them-even the stownt-now reed 
en IVII'IgI novel In Jell thin two hours. They reed 11'1 entire iIaIe of Time or 
N ....... k In 36 mlnut .. They don't IItlp or Ikim_ They reed ~ery word. They 
UII no mac:hinea. I .... , they let the material they're reeding determine how 
flit they ,.... And mark this well: they actually undentlnd more, remember 
more, Ind enjoy more thin when they read slowly. TNt'. right I They 
undentand more. They remember more. TI\ey enjoy more. You ~n do the same 

Come to I Minl-LeIIOt'I end find out. It I. fret to you Ind you will Ieeve with • 
better understanding of why it works. One thing tMt might bother you about 
your ,.Ing speed is IhIt someone might find out how slow It i.. The 
lnatruc:ton .. the Evelyn Wood Reading Dyrwmics Free Speed Reading '-on 
will let you keep you; .,.., Ir. true we ~actice tha fint .. to ImplCwed 

. reeding ... Mlni·LeIIOt'I"we wllllnc:re. your reading tpIId on the spot, but 
the ,..... will remain your 1ICm. Plan to ·.ttend • fret MInI·leIIon end I..-n 
that it ...... to ,. 3-4-5 times f:mir, with comparable compeehelllion. 

r------SCHEDUI.£ Of FREE MIJIII-USSOISI--------, 

In' La Jolla • 
La Jolla Villa,e Inn 

You'llinaease your releDng speed 
II to 1." on the spot! 

In Mission Valley· 
950 Hotel Circle 
Master Hosts Inn 1·5 at La Jolla Villa,e Drive 4 & 8 pm 

Sun-Thurs Feb 23rd to 27th 
~---~=-=--------------EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS-------J-____ -J 

Trilon Times Februuy 21, 1975 Page 7 



perionals 
Naomi, If yGl,l lind ... then thenx cuz 
you're • ~~I~ .. . Iovln laz., 1111 from 
orion' . bette !If' 
Claire S.-W~t' •• nice Italian IIlrt Ilk. 
you doinll k~ cnlyflah .ttar hoursl 
You' re 24 now. .nd-wel-_ won't 
always be he ...... Iov •• nd happy B'dey--

t_ lei petite P. ClarkH (2121' 

D.r A-Naullhty-MI. (you know who 
you _,. EapOM yourself .nd get In 
touch with John. Write or call 413-1a4. 
12121' 

RAPER he. come ... (.nd 11_ beck to 
UCLA,. What happened to theillualon 
dwelAng BOZON1BARBIE 12121' 

Att'n2DL: ,11 .... of ...... tlanl & Knlut 
mek ... _ . 2 & you',. • lI.nlU •• 3 & 
you c.n I.ctur.--but on. mu.t 
MAINTAINI2 who know. (2/211 

What I •• LAGARTOl (2/211 
Thank Vou. boy. and 1I1rt.. for the 
lovelv c.rdl.nd fI_.,., K.v • . 12/211 
hv-wt: Vou m.v be hend.om • • have • 
IIIrfect body . • nd be lov.bla. but--you 
don't .'nll like John D.nVll'. you look 
like him (lat' . lI.t thl •• tralllht/17474, Lt-
wt(2/211 

DMr Anonvmou. - FIftMn mlnutaa .r. 
VOUfl. hHrt to hHrt ev.n. But where 
did that quote com. from1 - I .w.'t 
.nllllht.nment. (2/211 

K.D . • nd B.R.--FrI.nd.hlp mMn. too 
much to ca.t •• Ide .-ct .... Iy. You two 
.,. • coupl. of the moat bNutlful 
people I know. 10 try to lI.t It tog.th.r 
for m. - .nd for you. A frl.nd. (21211 

H.v Nurd.--Sundev mornlnll .lId. rul. 
driHa .tart thl. week_ (21211 

To the blu.hlntl IIlrt In thl eIev.tor: 
What I. your nam.1 And how I long to 
rneetvou. Mike 01 (2/211 

On Mondey 2/17/l1 my friend Bubb...., 
_ killed bv Robert Duffy who threw 
Bubb....,·. home .gelnat TiOga H.II. 
Funeral .. rvtcea will be held In mv 
room todav 2121/l1. All frlandl .nd 
.cqu.'ntance. of Bubb'.,v .r. 
welcom • . Bubblely·. Buddv (2/211 

Tlmmvpoo-I love voo. Your Meret 
admlrer«.,. P.S. Old YOU get • ticket on 
Tueadllv1(21211 

u .. --You·re '0. '0 beautlful-Ir. driving 
me cruy. What' •• poor m.n to do. Ah. 
I lov. It. Hav •• IInllt week.nd. D.J . 
121211 

Ron: Thenx for the thenk you. I lov. 
IUrpriH mall! - MY 121211 

To the M.xlcan with • beard: Why don't 
you call .... ln12 week. I. too lonll of • 
_It. S.A. (2/211 
BRIAN CASCIARI: Vou nev., could 
kHP • _ret. could yOU 1 H.ve. H.PPV 
11th Blrthdav .nd • cherry N_ YHr. 
What. turkevl Bill (2 /21 1 

S.xv Blond who work. In H.L I m.t 
you laat v .. r but I nev.r I .. rned whit 
"It.m." are on reNN • . Would like to 
m .. t you '1I.'n. V.ry Int.,..ted (21211 

To thl 2 .m B.r f.n: Thenke mucho for 
.11 tha helP. Tha,. will be _ more 
tim • . The M.xlcan nut. (2/ 211 
Bill Stev • • Ir. not the .'x fMt I care 
.bout; Ir. the lk.tebOird. Rlv., QUMn 
12/211 

Ellen - H.ppv 22nd Blrthdav. Alontl w ith 
thl. m_ .. com .. a Will Wrlllht·. 
apacl., .nd drink •• t the Chart Hou ... 
(2/211 
COOKIE PIERCE - I lov. you .nyway. 
(oink oInkl-BMutiful ev ... (21211 
LOLA MABIE - Ilov. you tool J . D.nv.r 
(21211 
D.n: If I told you thet you hay. • 
bNutiful body. would you hold it 
'1IIlnat mal K.rln 121211 

Chlryl. la.t nlllht w.. wonderful. 
Thank you for your .w .. t dellllhta. 
Wom.n togethar. forev.r & ever. Ec-
• tay. BII ... Lov • • SUMn (2/211 

BrI.n-One down .nd 1 to 110. Tim •• ure ~;;;;;;iiiiiiiliijjjjjiiiiiiiiiliijjjjjiiiiiiiliijjjjjiiiiiiii:jjjjiiiiiiii:jj;;i:::iiIiiiii;;;;;iJ fly. when you',. having fun. Lov. - your 
_ .. tie 

Falling behindf Losing Groundf 
Think UCSD Summer Session . 
Schedule of classes now 
available 
101 Matthews Campus (second 
floor) 

(IIABTE'S 
... her. is ,_ cheic. of 0." 
150fI ..... toIUlOPl $350 
LONDON frOlll ....... round trtp 

lost and found 
ta REWARD for. lIoid w.ddlnll b.nd 
loat In the South B.lconv of the Gym 
leat week. 431-3744 (2/24' 

LOit K&E Slide Rule In HL 1204 or 2-13. 
REWARD. K.n K_. C -1711. or "'v. 
.t TT offlc • . (2 /211 
FOUND: Bleck & Whit. wlr.v halr.d 
t.rrI.r-tvpe puppy. 462-1113. (2/211 
P.raon who found mv w.llet Frld.v 
drop Id. cr.dlt card •• • tc. Into Meil box. 
RMG (2/21' 
LOST: Gold w ire fr.me III ..... In bl.ck 
c .... around HSS 22!iO. Lo. t In Jan. 462-
9177 or r.turn to TT office. REWARD II 
(2/211 

P..... retum .Id equipment to TT 
officI. No QUeItIGnlllked. 12121 

LOit Long-haired calico f.male cat. 
Any Info PLEASE c.1I 412-"71. 
REWARD 12124' 

Subjecta needed for phonetic. .x-
perlmenta. tz/hr. S .. WN .t 3121 P & L 

0.- """ X2U7. IIndl 

NEED EXTRA CASH1 p.vlnll TOp Dollar 
for YOUr U.S. Silver Coine minted before 
1114. K.n C -Im (4/41 

SURFBOARD - llood clean lIun .round 
r .... M.rte 711-1133 (21211 

To Student or .mploy" 1101,. to LA for 
f_ houn r.turnlnll 11m. deV durlnll 
.nv w .. k dev: Lady wlshe. rid •• nd will 
defray all .xpenaN. __ 1UI1 M,.. 
And.raon (2/211 

USED WETSUIT. J.cket. Lonll John for 
"1 170* ft 1"3 131*. 413-3121 (11 pml 
(2/211 

. 

serviCes 
RESEARCH AIDS - C.nada·. largeat 
IIrvtea. For catalogu • ...,d tz to: E_v 
Servlcel. 17 8pedlna Ave .• No. 2IDI. 
Toronto. Cenadl. C.mpu. repreeen-
. tatlvel required. P ..... wrtta. (1/11 

TYPISTS: IBM-T.rm pap.rl 
theMe! dleHrtationa/etc. 
EdltlnglRUSH JOBS/Xerox. And!: 413-
_(31141 

You can I ..... c.r For .10.00 • month 
on e Full malnt.".nc. B ..... --K & K-
L_ .. A-C.rC('. C.'lu.224-71 • . (~1 
Get lIood IlradMl Sure-fire tip' bv 
UCSD Grad Studentl. S.nd ., to: P.H.-
D.-K. Box 72. Rt 1. Del M.r12014 (~11 
Incom. Tax - Discount ItUdenti. Ita". 
faculty. 7II-I22I.ftar4 pm (41141 

Tired of buvlnll S.C.U.D. book.tore 
productl1 Try Avon. 413-87 SUlln 0.-
Elaine. (21m 

TYPIST. F •• t. V.ry 1_ rat... Cell 
R.ch.let 413-1272. (2/211 
TYPING - MARILYN would like to type 
your lllper. thelia. etc. She .. .x-
perlenced on .N tvPH of pa...,.. flit. 
..... _bl •• nd hal • cOmICtI"" IBM. 
P ..... c.N her .t __ ~.(p., 

travel 
SOUTH AMERICA & GALAPAGOS 
ISLES 2 .. Month Exlllrl._. 1_-cOit. 
Brochur.: NEWWORLD 
EDUCATIONAL TRIPS P.O. Box 2131 
S.lIna. C.13I01 (P 2/211 

LOW COST TRAVEL 
ElJropf' Orlf'f11 & ::',,,,11 

ArllprlC,t 

Tr;wpl Cf'nlpr , 1j', D'P,lnl 
A'Jf'IlUf' 

Berkpley Cd 9~70~ 
·11:) 'i~8· 7000 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL ORIENT. L_ priCM- Ion. and 
.hort fllllht. . IImlt.d .pac • . 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL ,. 
WMtwood Blvd. LA. IOID4 (2131 171-1121 
or477-1112.("'" 

LED ZEPPEUN CONCERT: Beet _ta 
for en .howe - "n 0",0, LOntl BNCh 
.nd Forum, 411-31. (3112' 
Imp.rill W .. har & Dry.r (Electrlcl 4 vra 
old H.rdly .ver UNd. .xc.ll.nt con-
dition VOUfl for .1110 m -7134 (7/241 

SSW Travel OffIce - ON CAMPU;.. · ·'17 Chevy C.price gOOd ..... ne; 1l00d 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. trenepOrtation. Muet .. II. .., or beet 
Inri Student 10. Eurall. HOIteI Cerda. off.,aa-..7. 12I211 
Trlpplnll M.guln.. etc. UCSD In-
tlmltl9"l1 C.nter C __ 11 .m .. pm • Ow 
M.W.F. ONLY CIoHd Tu.Thul'l- (p .trlnll .tlon w-_ Excellent ~ 
31M' .nd .ctlon " .• MontY .,-1.I2t21, 

EUROPE-ISRAEL-AFRICA-ORIENT. 
Student fllllhte y.r round. Contac:t: 
ISCA. 11t17 San Vincente Blvd. No. 4. 
LA. C.I" . .... Tel: 1213' -.-.... 

• . (P 3/141 

for sale 
lIv. w.11 for .71.7I/mo. Own roo", In 4 
bedroom hou,,'n Univeralty City. Mu.t 
be NON-SMOKER. Bob ____ or 
112124. 121211 

VW 70. LHving Country. Muat •• 11. 
XI.nt condo .'200.00 _ -2111 (2/211 
V.llor Roff. Ski P.rk.. like n_. 

M.ke I-trecII tepee: Thfwe.month-old 
PiOnIII' H .. • • ...,1,..,., ...... 
for "".00_ MAKE ANY OfIPIR . ..., 
or ___ . Frenk.I2I24' 

Tn. lnetrumente ........ _ can beet 
.nv iI1d prtce. QUICK deIIwrv. 2 yr. 
IIUlrantH. 8art _-_ (11141 

71 Mota-Gunl 7IDcc .• flirintl. reck. 
2D.0IID mi.. metlcu'- m.lnt_ne • . 
Mutt •• 11. will berlllin -..124 or 214-
.,11. P'II' Dr. Araham (p2I21' 

housing 
Wom..!n·. M ~o L .'0. Roommate needed to .he,. 2 Bdrm 
Humanlc Ski Boota. LadlM ' . Xc.lI.nt P.B . • pt neIIr BHCh. Bu.. .1. plu. 
condo tao D.na C -12!I1 or T.n.v. " . tilitl St __ 7121 J -. 121211 u " . eve or .net __ 

." . (2/241 
Plo_ SE-IIO StetlO Hod Phon~L 
SONEY TC - ,. Stereo Ca_tt. Deck. 
-US DIv .... m .. k-.norteel-fl", & BC·. Oe_nelde rench In Del M.r 3 room. 
Dive 111_ & Bootiea. 1173 CB-4IO .v.,ln_. 715-1133(2/211 
Honda 10.000 ml'" w/ .atra • • huvV F.m.1e roomm.te _nted In 2 BR apt 
duty hlklnll boote. Gerald ...... In Del M.r nut cliffe . • . 00 mo. plu. 
121211 utll. Peaceful courty.rd. Julie or K.vln 

111-~ (21241 
HONDA 3111.73. Mu.t •• 11. Noda .om. 
worlc. "''''1133 (2/211 Own room In hou .. In Solena BHCh. 

Y.rd. vl_ . .. plu. utllltl ... Av.llabl. 
73 Mont. C.rto - landeu. L_ mll"lIe. Imm.dl.t.,y. 111-21117. (2/211 
14 monthl old. Ju.t touched up. Ex-
cellent .. rvlc. record .vallabl.. Air Roomm.t. N~.d: F.m.l. .tudant 
etc ... ""'. Richerd. (2/211 non-.mok.,. N_ fuml.hed condO. 

• Chevy 1112 ton pickup . • utom. air 
camper.heII new tI,... .,. 27t-I031 . 
224-7141. (P 21211 

,. Opel only 12.000 mil ... . nd run. 
llood. x.' or-'_. 

1171 NIKONOS underw.ter cam.ra • 
with fla.b IIUn. .'10. Good condition. 
call 444-1111. Sten or m -7044. Stev • . 
(21211 

N •• r UCSD Sha" room . • 71 .• mol plu. 
utilltl ... 413-8131. (2/21 1 

Roomm.te w.nted. Singi. room. larll' 
hou .. In la Jolla . .. month . • v.llable 
begin. of M.rch. Steve. __ ~ a403. 
121241 

Mlor F Rmomrnete wanted to .hare 2 
bdrm hou .. In Del M.r. For more Info 
7II-e.7 .ft.,t pm. (2/211 

W.nted: Roommete _n room In 
1117 EI C.mlno. campeflhell. IMther MI .. lon B •• ch. ... plu. utllltl ••. 
to_u. new tlr ..... Holley. Hurst. OIOrgl-..u212J24) 
Headen. M'II" AM-FM. tape d.ck. 
.'200.00 .• tt., 1:00 7I3-t77I (21211 

SONY TC-131 Stereo c .... tt. w / DotbV 
& 2 mlk .. Stereo .mp (IOWI & 2 book-
ca .. apkn; FM Tuner Elee. Gulter & 
Amp. 4I3-tGIi (2/241 

AR turntabl.. lIood condition. MO. 
la,. •• kl boote • • 'z. 10. MI. Hum.nlc 
.kl boote •• Iz." tlO. 464-2073 (2/211 
ROOTS SHOES: M.n. Slz.'. (Wom.n. 
SI~. 101. Brand new. Exc.lI.nt con-
dition. B •• t off.r. 462-1477 Jull. (2 /211 

10 Spe.d M.n'. Blk.. 1 yr. old. 
w / ll.n.rator IIlIht .. or b •• t . 413-8631 

3 BDR H_ for R.nt. Enelnltn. 1-112 
block. to buc:h. cl_ to CruiHr. 
health-food sto,.. com. bV 47111 Veta. 
(2/211 

F.m.1e hou .. mete needed to .hare 2 
BDR Enclnlta. hou ... with .. m • . - .,,1. 
41' Svlvl •. Ev.nlnll' n .. r bNch. v.rd. __ 1241 

Roommate. wanted for Sprlnll 
Qu.rt.r. 3 BDR in C.rdlff. P." OK. 
NHr Lalloon. bu . . .. month. 4311-3401 
(2 /211 

Ar •• I. AMSTERDAM. IRUSSElS . IRElAND. 
fRANKFURT-ZURICH $489 
,,1'0 Hong Kong ~;,;;;iiiii;;;;;;iiiiiiii;,;;;iii ___ :;;;;;; __ ;;;;;;:;iiiiiiii;,;;;iii;;;;;;:;iiiiiiii;;;;;;;;;;;;;;:;iiiiiiii;;;;;;;;iiii;;:;;;O:;;iiO;;iii;;;;;;;:;;;;:;ii;;;;;;;;;;;;;::;;ii\(3/&' 

F.m.l. gr.d. stud.nt n .. d. two hou.e-
m.t... C.rdlff loc.tlon. own room. 
oClln vl_. n •• r bu.-.top. " / month. 
Av.llable Merch 23 . 431-340& (2 /211 291-8141 

"",. (·.11 do,.". I •• 11_ 

D~~r~~:~ 
...... .." ., 

M,SSIon Volley-Equltoble B!dg 
1333 Camino de' Rio South 

S.D., CA 92108 

p 
FOREVER FRIENDS 

" ,~i IW!T~ :':',' ,'1 I .~ . 
__ 'i(. 

QUick. su~tained n rgy bar A 
supply for home. work, school. 
ar. all outdoor a tivltl s 

**** NOW AT UCSD 
BOOKSTORE 

Polge 8 Triton Times Fe bruolry 21, 1975 

Photo Imports 
Camera Exchange 

"a real 
camera store" 

Buy-Trade-Repair 
8199 Clairmont 

Mesa Blvd. 
565-9995 

Thouc;ands of Topics 
52.75 per page 

Send for your up-ta-date. 
176-page. mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics . Enclose 
$1 .00 to cover postage (1 ·2 
days delivery time' . 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
. SUITE 1203 

lOS ANGElES, CA. 90024 
O u r m aterl .ls .... sold for 

r .... rch purposes only 

I 
I 
i 

SlJnday EPISCOPAL 
Services I n Area 

UCSD EPISCOPALIANS 12:30 at 
Unlv. Luther.n Ch. 
961& La Jolla ShorN Dr. 
Fr. JOieph Younll ph. 462-0114 
GOOD SAMARITAN (m .. " at 

Sch.1 
2140 Sed.rblom. U nlv.nlty City 
8 end 10 • . m. (S.S.--all'lIe.' 
ST. JAMES BY-THE-SEA 
743 PrOlp.ct St. La Joli. 
7:30. ' (S.S.-:.II'II'" & 11 
ST. PETER'S 
1 P.rl. h L.n • • 0., M.r 
8. 9 (S.S.--.II'II"' & 11 

[lon 't 1 h ink Abortion 
t\liernativ ~ are Avai lable 

S.D. PRO mE LEAGUE 
583-5433 

Also fr e sp akers 
and study room 

-----...., 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sat. 
8 :45- 5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-6481 

Skll. - 17& cm Fr_tyle. with &01 
S.'omon •• almo.t new. _ -3343 (2 /211 Roommat.w.ntld immedlatlly. Own 

room. V.ry clo., to UCSD. Onlv 
.'1 / month. Quilt. pool. 462-G1i11. (21241 

'57 a.1 Air 4-door . Ix cvlind.r. n.w 
Icenv. n_ top .nd. I will tlk. a 10 ... 
D.vld 4S7-fi03I (2 /241 

PI.ymor 3 BR. 3 BA T_nhou •• Ilk. 
n.w. Brick p.tio. Partlellv furn In-
cludlnll n.w r.frlg.r.tor. 462-2136 - 222-
2322. (p2/ 21 I 

POTTERY: Plante,.. coffea and be.r 
mUllS pl.te •. bowls. eic. at whol ... I. ".m.1e roomm.t. need.d for SPRING 
priCM. SM H.I 2808 APM. (2A'I463-_ quert.r to .hllr. be.utiful hou •• in Del 
(1/211 Mar. 7&6 __ • (2/241 

Your mother lV3.nts 
you to go through 
commencement. 

You owe yourself an Oly. 
Olympia BreWing Company. Olympil . Wash,nglon ' OlY ' 

All Olympia empires Ire recycl.ble 


