
Brown Cuts Hit 3rd, 4th Plans 
Hospital Deficits Haunt UC; 
VCl Med School Threatened 

by J~mH G. Soto 
Faced with high def icits, the 

possibility of the closure of the 
Irvine College of Medicine, and 
genera lly inequitable policies 
between UC and counties (in-
cluding San Diego) on reim-

schools. Post also noted that the 
proposed agreement between the 
University and Orange County 
was more binding and would run 
for at least 40 years. The 
agreement at the University's 
biggest drain, Sacramento, could 

reimbursement policy. Dymally 
also said that California cannot 
afford to close medical schools 
when so many communities are 
in need 'ilf doctors. 

Officials for the University 
have Pointed out that California 
only graduates 750 doctors a year 
when it needs 1.750. 

However , Governor Brown 
pointed out that it might b a 
wise policy to allow oth r states 
to ubsidize alifornia by 
agreeing to educate doctors in 
excess of their needs Brown also 
ca lled for the University to 
exe rcise "mor prudent 
judgement in collecting funds for 
payment". 

Lt. Governor Mervyn Dymally 

Brown hinted that he may 
proPOse a general reform of the 
Medi-Cal system . Regent Norton 
Simon said he had pointed out 
the inadvisibility of getting in-
volved in Orange County with a 
medi ca l school and that many of 
the problems he emphasized two 
years ago have come back to 
haunt the University . 

bur ements. the University of b terminated as Post did Confusing the whole matter of 
transferring the medical school at 
Irvine to Davis was the revelation 
that the Sacramento Medical 
Center would have to undergo an 
extensive renovation program 
due to inadaquate facilities and 
seismic deficiencies. The multi-
million dollar renovation of the 
Sacramento Medical Center now 
throws considerable doubt as to 
ability of the University to move 

California will defend its health recommend by 1978. 
CI nces program before the loint C~n't Close Schools 

Legislative Committee on Health UC President Charles Hitch and 
Sciences Education this week in Lt . Governor and Regent Mervyn 
acram nto. Dymally expressed opposition 
The University's medical and concern to the proposed 

schools. not including the new closure of the Irvine program . At 
one at Irvine. have incurred a the regents meeting on Thursday, 
defecit of $45 million, due Dymally said the University 
primarily to a large number of should not pick up thecounties 
unpaid bills, generally regarded costs and urged the legislature to 
as uncollectable because of an correct th,e inequities of the Continued 'on P~ge 7 
agreement between the countie ~ ________________________ -, 
arid the University. 

This agreement has led to the 
University aring for indigent 
patient . formerly the concern of 
the counties. Originally. the 
concept was thought to be sound 
because it allowed the medica l 
choo ls to use county hospitals 

for clinica l purposes . However. 
acco rding to a report by 
legislative analyst A. Alan Post. 
this policy has worked against the 
University because counties 
reimburse UC only at the current 
Medi-Ca l rate : a rate far below 
the actual costs of providing 
medical service to the counties' 
Indigents . 

Most at Sac Med 
Th largest number of un-

collectab l e bills written off 
completely by the University was 
repo rted at the Sacramento 
Medical Center of the UC Davis 
Med ical School. Over $3 million 
has been written off there; in San 
Diego. the figure is $520,000. 
According to Chancellor M cE lroy. 
there is st ill $7 million in out-
standing debts to University 
Hospital. 

The Post report recommended 
that the University not approve a 

~ Imi lar plan with Orange County 
for it Irvine Medical School and 
thal the ent ire Hea lth Science 
Program at Irvine be scrapp d, 
dnd its tudents and faculty be 
moved to the Davis complex. Post 
urged the closure of th Irvin 
facilities b cause the University 
has little apital outlay invested 
In Irvine compared to other 

Volume 24, Number 7 

UC Regents Appear to 
'Favor Student Member 

UC Student body Presidents ' Council head Larry Mtles with 
Regent WiUiam M. Roth. 

Although refusing to submit to iI sense vote, the Board of Regents 
Friday indiuted thilt ~ miljority of its membership would probilbly 
favor the ilddition of a student Regent. 

The indiution came after Governor Brown Silid he thought the 
Regents should approve or disilpprove by vote the principle of a 
student Regent, a possibility opened up by the November paSSilge 
of Proposition 4 and one that Brown supported. 

Groundwork 
Regent DeWitt Higgs, chairman of the special committee on 

Reorganization, opposed the vote, because he felt his committee 
"has to lay the groundwork for the procedure" for selecting the 
student, and that the principle could not be separated from the 
procedure. 

Continued on Page 4 

UC anDtego 

Both Colleges' Plans I neluded 
In Capital Funding Cut 

by John H. Taylor 

UC San Diego 's Third and Founh College plans may su~fer if 
Governor Brown 's initial 1975-76 budget for t~e Untverslty ?f 
Califurnia is accepted Wlchanged by the state leg! lature later chiS 

yefi~al drawings for Third's Academic Unit .II, and. pre1i~in:u:Y 
planning for the bui1~ng of Founh , budgeted 10 P~es!dent Hitch 
request at a total of $300,000 , were among the prOjects postl?o~ed 
in the capital outlay fund that Brown cut from $1 70 to 14.6 mtlhon . 

UC President Hitch and Governor Brown , who found themselves 
publically at odds for the first time Fn'day over the 1975-76 UC 
budget. Regent chairman WIlliam French Smith is at n"ght. 

'Edifice Complex' 
However, Brown. appearing Friday at his -first Regents meeting as 

governor and President of the board. said he is " willing to Sit down" 
with the UC administration to work over the budget. His remarks. In 
response to a statement by Hitch listing the University's complaints 
with the budget, had the tone of forcing UC to examine its programs to 
see if they are economically sound. Brown says the University has an 
"edifice complex - that is, that the more buildings you have, the better 
education you are providing." He feels the University should examine 
its building programs, especially those related to increases In 
enrol lment. 

He added that he thought state bonds should be used for capital 
improvements in the future, to "make the University answerable to th 
people, to provide better planning b cause you avoid the leglslatlv 
process, and to spread the burden over the peopl who will benetlt 
from the building." 

Chancellor McElroy. reached Saturday at University Hou e. said he 
was confident that Brown had held back money that he eventually 
might propose for the University in certain areas, including Third and 
Fourth . " I think he wants to see how the economy looks In Mayor June 
before deciding what he's going to do with the money." A repre n-
tative from UCSD will meet with the governor and his staff before the 
budget is finalized, the Chancellor said, but it is not known who the 
representative will be. " I'm a member of the (UC) Budget Task Force. 

Continued on Page 7 

CALPIRG Plans Mayor, 
City Council Profiles 
• An extensive evaluation of the 
San Diego City Councilpersons 
and Mayor was launched this 
week by the California Public 
Interest Research Group 
(CALPIRG). CALPIRG researchers. 
headed by project co-ordinator 
Judy Aboud, will prepare and 
publi sh reports of their findings. 

I nvestigators will profile the 
political backgrounds , voting 
records, campaign fund ources. 
and political philo ophi s of the 
officeholder . 

press, interest group advocates. 
academicians, co mmun ity 
leaders and the officeholders 
themselves. 

The project will attempt to 
tocus constituent attention on 
local officeholder, according to 
Aboud . "Tho e officials eXisting 
on the local level are most 
u ceptible to citizen re pon e." 
he aid . "With th capacit for 

real Citizen acce • local 
governm ntal in titution provide 
an op n forum for airing 
problem • and can arrang If· 
regulating and decentralized 
solutIOns' ' for imprOVin g th e 
quality of lif for the om· 
munity " 

will be publi hed 
10 mid ummer 

Monda , January 20, 1975 



L.ff.rs 
Arabian Oil 

The Editor's January 17th musings are okay, but as such are worth no 
more than the facts they reflect. Permit me to report that the Arabian 
oil that we burn and waste, as Editor Smith observes) is 2.5% to 4% of 
our oil con~umption, depending on whose figures you prefer. 
Therefore, priCes and our criminal inflation must be otherwise at-
tributed. 

H. C. STEINMETZ 

1 "'.IISt ag!ee with YOII, Mr. Slei"",el%, that Ihe high price of 
Arabia,! OllIS nol the C4l1se of ollr ;"f/alio". However, hiUI YOII read 
the ,,!,cle more..do.seIJ. y~ wotd~,have see,! thaI nowhere i,! it did 
I attrik"le 01lT en",,"'" I"j14ho" Iv the high cost of Arabia" oil 
1101' did 1 pastlliate a"y calISe for ;,,/lalion al all. • 

MAS .• Editor 

Prisoner of Apis 
My name is John Yager and I'm one of those people who slipped 

through the hands of the law. 
I'm now trying a four year workout on myself here in San Diego. I'm 

in a 5ection where I am at school 7-8 hours a day with nothing to do but 
read books and study. 

The problem, (one of many,) is that I do not know anyone in 
Washington, since I have' never been there, and I have lost contact 
with those people. So now I am trying to find persons of the female 
species who \\Ould not mind writing to a prisoner. 

I am 21, a Cancer, 135Ibs., 6'1" and have long Ii~t hair. I am an Apis 
major and like hiking, deserts, oceans. earth, most all music, and 
meeting happy people. 

If anyone would like to write to me, I would be very happy. Things 
Me getting kind of weird here . 

JOHN YAGER 

No Hot Water 
As a resident of the Muir Apartment Complex, I have a complaint . 

With my other four roommates, we are paying rent of $500 a month . I 
feel that for this amount of money, we are entitled to working garbage 
disposals and steady hot water. Since returning to school from winter 
tl-eak, there seems to have been a problem with the water heater for 
the apartments. It is not only an inconvenience, but a waste of time to 
have to boil water in order to wash our dishes. I am aware that a lot of 
the rent we are paying could be attributed to the convenience of living 
on campus rather than in a house somewhere (where, incidentally, we 
'>'()Uld have much more room), and I appreciate the privilege of not 
having to commute and fight for a parking space, etc., but I feel that 
having to sacrifice my cleanliness is too much to ask. 

KAREN MALAMUD 

Cushing's Activism 
I was quite impressed With Mr. Cushing's article "On the Legitimacy 

of Student Activism" (Triton Times, Jan. 15). However, it does not 
adequately address one of the main problems common to intellectual-
based reform mov~ments-the need to organize. Beyond merely ex-
panding the phYSical power base in support of an ideology, an 
organization can serve to create an environment conducive to the 
internalization of an ideology. No matter how many individuals preach 
"democratic socialism," unless they are involved with a group which 
practices the concepts of fair distribution of wealth and equality of 
opportunity, they will have no experience in the problems and benefits 
of actualizing their thoughts. One cannot learn how to eliminate 

dest~uctive co:npetition, elitism, sexism, and alienation simply by 
reading about t. I hope that Mr. Cushing is not all talk and no action . 

DR . CHEN TU-HSIU 

MMco/m ,:I. -smith. Edit", Kirlr Robin.on. Spom Editor 
Edw.rd E. SI,rton •• ~i ... Edit", r.d Spw,y, ""oto Edlto, 
JoItn H. 1.""'" CJtv Edltdr V,.". Girard 
JonI ~. Co,.., Edit", Owfd C. .. idy 
a..n.. HtJim"'. EdlttHItJI Dlrkt,.,. MM#r ..",.,,.., 

'PLIAtI COOPaATI • • • "I NIVII DONI THII alfOllll' 

SCERR Issue 
Two Views On Revelle Curriculum 

Revelle. College's Ge"eral Edllcatjon reqllire",e"ts were set up with the avowed goal of producing 
the RenaIssance Man. As the r,!qlllremenis "OW sland, Ihe undergraduate at Revelle is required 10 
tale jive f/IIarter:s of ~atural SCle"ces. Ihre.e quarters of Calellius. six quarters of Human ilieis, three 

q~rteTs of ~clal SCIences. and ~"e of F",e Arts. After two years at Revelle, the student is con -
srriered f/IIalified 10 e"ter ~ Major program offered by the University. 

The Student Committee r the f!.vallllZlion of Revelle Reqllirements [SCERR) does not agree with 
Revelle's curre"t idea of l Re"alssance Ma". One major complainl is that the cum 'cuium provides 
the student with little or "olhing relevant to the problems of the' 'real world. " 

Two . leiters are pn'"ted below. One is from Provost Freidlli" of Revelle College, the other from 
three Interested slude"ts. 

Avrum Stroll of the Department of Philosophy 
recently encouraged me to read an essay by J.L. 
Austin on three ways to spill ink. I take this op-
portunity to intentionally, deliberatelv. and pur-
posefully spill ink about the Revelle cirriculum, 
responding to a few points presented in the 10 
January 1975 Triton Times describing how a group 
of Revelle students has formed to draft and 
propose a new educational program. 

(1) Student: "Our aim is to establish a truly well-
rounded curriculum." 

We are all, facu lty and students alike, for a truly 
well-rounded curriculum. But the word "establish" 
has a disturbing ring. Do the students want to 
replace one "established" curri cu lum with 
another "established" curriculum? I prefer a more 
dynamic concept of the Revelle curriculum, not 
"established", but constantly mutating and 
evolving. I believe that the curriculum should be 
deliberately changed, selecting and conserving 
what is "good" , discarding what is " bad" . The 
Darwinian concept of evolution can be suc-
cessfully applied to a curriculum. What is "good" . 
in one environment can become injurious with a 
change in the environment. Modern biology 
teaches us that the introduction of genetic 
variance into a species makes possible survival 
and further developmental evolution, but always 
with the conservation of gene constellations that 
provide a stable background for the introduction 
of new mutations . So I strongly believe in 
deliberate curricular changes---not in the 
"establishment" of a curriculum- but always 
conserving what is reasonably worthwhile. 

[2) Student: "You leam Shakespeare and Homer 
in Humanities, but you don't know what the hell is 
going on in the world." 

The wonderful and lasting truths of human 
experience ennobled by the extraordinary words 
of Shakespeare and Homer can help to illuminate 
the absurdities of modern life. But if some Revelle 
students seek for meaning and new insights in a 
world beset by technological imbalances that 
have terrifying and unimaginable consequences, 
then the faculty should take up the challenge to 
define the problem s so that rational alternatives 
can be considered and discussed at length . It can 
be argued that a carefu l retracing of the basic 
notions and events of the past that have brought 
us inexorably to the dilemmas of modern times 
may not necessari ly provide the meaning we seek; 
however, humankind has accumulated a vast 
cu ltural heritage that deserves study and deep 

triton .times 

We would like to express our compliments and 
our support to the students involved with the 
Student Committee for the Evaluation of Revelle 
Requirements (SCERR) . It's about time for changes 
to be made in the educational procedures of 
Revelle College. However, restructuring some of 
the requirements is only a step down the long road 

, of building a more effective educational in-
stitution . We would like to provide our 
suggestions in hopes that this road might be more 
easily traversed. 

Revelle's educational philosophy purports to, 
"insofar as any educational program can prepare 
its students for the modern world ." In this process, 
it promises to provide a " liberal education." From 
the perspective of many students and faculty, a 
discrepancy exists between the intentions of this 
philosophy and its actualization. This in-
consistency must be remedied. 

We believe that education at Revelle has 
become stagnant. Revelle isolates people from the 
modern world while functioning as a factory in 
manufacturing parts to operate in perpetuating 
the highly competitive machinery of society. 

To put the matter simply, Revelle does not 
equip students with the tools and insight 
necessary to even approach the critical problems 
of our time. What kinds of light does this fact shed 
on Jefferson's American Philosophy which says, 
"Education is the bulwark of democracy."? 

We must realize that somehow Revelle's 
philosophy has ceased to be effective. We must 
try to find ways to kindle this philosophy. We 
must learn, professors must learn, administrators 
must learn . How? We can begin by com-
municating with each other, by realizing the 
importance of continually evaluating our learning 
experience both individually and collectively so 
that we might once again evolve. 

LLOYD THACKER 
MITCH THOMPSON 

DON COUNTRYMAN 

understanding . Technology devoid of the 
humanities is sterile and dangerous. This is an 
essential concept of the Revelle curriculum. I 
believe in this intellectual mode and will strive to 
protect it . 

(3) Student: "SCERR [Students' CommiHee for 
the Evaluation of Revelle Requirements) doesn't 
think the requirements should be as stiff as they 
iuenow ..... 

Continued on Pale .6 

SECRETARIAL ASSISTANT PRODUCTION 
NEWS 80ARD 

ARTS WRITERS 
c.m-. c.c .. 

...... .,.,., 
An". U.",., ".", I.tJFfHp 

PORTS WRITERS KMM MtJIemlld a..-.~ Nell Y. 
Rick RHflwllld . Bu,", ... M.n,.g., .JtJm •• G. Soto. ","oc. CJtv Editor 

Jim Sh/p .... n 
lJtJtJy CIIfm."t 
Robin Ronc' 
".". E.mtJdl". 
April Ho.". 
Lorln SpItItJr 

,..,., "".nM 
o.v. EINn s..t-car.. Hleb I.tJrry DtJc/rtJI, Art. EdihH K_y Co_, s.c,.t.ry 

MtJrlr McCMfy, Contrlbuti"" Edlto, 
IItJtf I.M COPY READERI 
DIrlr ."., MIchelle f/fHef.,. 

o-Id "..." 

-- .."".., 
ThtJ Triton Tim" pubHI,," MondtJy, Wed ....... y . • "d FrldtJy _. _n offlclloliy ""09n1led ",,"'nt __ , publllhtJd by IhtJ UCSD Commu"lctJtlonl .... rd 

For _ .... mil"". phone4lo1·,., For adIt .... l.nd _, p ...... 412.-.. . 

Pale 2 Triton Times Januilry 20, 1975 

Alive and Well 

It was remarkably clear, so 
clear that I could see through the 
hedges outside the window the 
topS of the San Gabriels, a sight 
considered relatively rare i", 
Pasadena, and that one feels 
lucky to experience. Two girls 
rode by outside, speaking to each 
other, and I could for a second 
hear them so clearly that I 
supposed that the window was 
open, though I found, before I fell 
asleep again, that it wasn't . 

I was asleep on the couch in the living room, since a friend who had 
come with me to pursue our journalistic duties was staying in my room . 
When I woke up the second time, I first noticed that I could feel 
against my face the contours of the cushion of the couch through the 
sheet, and then saw that my mother was sitting across from me on 
another couch. I was not sleepy then,though I had awakened seconds 
before, and my eyes, I think, were clear and unblinking just as she told 
me that my father had died in Detroit the night before. I had expected 
it, I realized, the second before I heard it. 

I looked out the window at the end of the room. It seemed that there 
were a hundred birds singing at once outside, which is surprising only 
to one who is not often awake at six on a sunny morning, his senses 
alert enough to detect more than hunger or pain . 

• • • 

I was not close to my father. My parents were divorced when I was 
very young. I had not seen him since I stopped going to school in the 
East when I had been able to visit him at Thanksgiving. The irony was 
that my presense at prep school lowed to him, because his family had 
given me a tradition there, in the form of a strict and parochial 
headmaster of the nineteenth century, two-thirds of whose name I 
share. I lived there for four years surrounded by evidence of him -
mainly pictures on walls, and stern-faced busts in dusty corners. 

I studied Samuel Harvey Taylor for a while when I was in the East, 
and found that he was regarded with some antagonism by his students, 
whom he prohibited from reading novels and visiting the young ladies 
at the nearby girls' school which had bought the land near my school in 
the early 1800 s, land as close as it could be, and thereupon con-
structed an enormous fence between the schools. 

It has become a point of some humor in my family that my great-
great grandfather'S gravestone in the Andover cemetery, surrounded by 
his wife and various cousins and brothers, was enscribed with the 
statement that his students had made "great lamentations" at his 
death, a phrase more suited, we have thought, to a pharaoh than a 
teacher of Latin and Greek. 

My father was wholly unlike his relative, particularly in the 
professional sense, because the headmaster did not believe even in the 
teaching of music or the writing of English, the two occupations my 
father had set himself to in his life. He was a reporter and critic of the 
highest calibre, working as entertainment editor of the Detroit Times 
and later as a critic on the Free Press in the same town after the Times' 
which represented a kind of vivid and lively and immediat~ 
newspapering that we see to an exaggerated degree in"The Front Page," 
folded. . 

His musical career was unfulfilled, particularly because he began 
playing the piano at the age of twenty, when his teacher told him his 
bones had hardened to the point where they would never ac-
commodate themselves completely to the keyboard. Nonetheless, he 
was remarkably accomplished at the piano, and once gave a concert 
for which the principle members of the audience were members of the 
Detroit Symphony, which, of course, had often been the butt of his 
rather powerful critical wit. In fact, he was so dedicated in his practice 
at one point that he once, during a downpour, continued to practice 
without noticing that the room had flooded with half an inch of water 
and that his feet were splashing noisily as he steped on the pedals . ' 

My father told a lot of jokes, and the fact that he stuttered severely 
tended usually to heighten his sense of comic delivery. He told in-
tellectual Polish jokes, primarily, which he would obtain from hi s 
Polish drinking buddies and then tell at our house, which would cause 
the team of my father and myself, and a few others, to laugh rather 
uncontrollably, me because I always laughed at my father's jokes, even 
years before I understood them in the least . 

What occurs to me is that for some it is sufficient to be alive and 
we ll , but that it was not for my father: hence his unhappiness. 
Although he was a sophistilated and talented writer (his most 
memorable pieces came from h is trip around the world in eight days as 
a modern Phineas Fogg, carrying a bulky carpet bag that he had had to 
wrench away from me, because I had my toys in it and was unwilling to 
relinqUish It for a reason as uncompelling as " Please, John Harvey, 
Daddy had to go around the world"), he was not satisfied to criticize 
others' art, or to write about others' accom-plishments . I cannot 
specu late what he would have been, but I have heard much about the 
frus trations of journalists who want desparately to be tory tellers, but 
who are tied professio.nally to the communication of the realities of 
other people, and who are driven by the necessity to perform that iob 
first, and best. 

••• 

I sat for a long time, looking out the window. My mother, who i a 
newspaperwoman, was sick that day, and was not going to work only 
because my grandmother almost forCibly kept her in bed. It was my 
decision that morning not to stay at home and make lamentations, but 
to go see what Jerry Brown would have to' say that might produce a 
newspaper story, a story that no on will remember next we k 

Barney 
Came! 

PaRe 3 Triton Times JanWiry 20, 1975 

... 

by PauleHe C. Francis 
Student representatives are being sent from the 

Third College Council to the Muir, Revelle and 
Fourth College counci ls. Otis Watson, one of the 
emesaries of the Third College Cou. cil, told the 
Triton Times, " This is the first time any co llege has 
sent student representatives to another council." 

r commended to the Third College Council for 
approval; 
2. The name should repr sent a concept which 
represents Third College's committment to social 
issues and the education of minority students; 
3. The name of an individual should be chosen 
based upon his or her's accomplishm nts, 

The Third Reporter A feature devoted exclusively to announcements and events concerning Third College. 
The objectives of the exchange are toprovide 

more cohesiveness between all four councils. The 
Third College Council representatives hope to 
exchange ideas on budget guidelines and the 
allocation of funds, and thus help to open the 
lines of communication between Third College 
and other college councils . 

Naming Committee Appointed 
The Third College Council has appointed a 

committee to give Third College a new name. Otis 
Watson said that the reasons for changing the 
name are to phase put negative views toward 
Third College, and also to make the college more 
attractive to potential incoming students. Otis 
emphasized that the concepts of Third College 
could not change with the name. 

The naming Committee has the following 
guidelines to use in choosing Third College's new 
name: 
1. The committee will select one name that will be 

* The winter months are slack time for most 
business and social affairs, and Revelle College is 
no exception. Even though San Diego never gets a 
full-on winter, and lacks signs that mark the 
seasons throughout the rest of the country 

* 

4. Suggestions for the name will be formally 
so licited from the Third College commu nity; 
5. The recommended name must be submitted to 
the Third College council by or before the end of 
the Winter quarter; 
6. All possible names will be considered by the 
naming committee before a final recom-
mendation to the council. 

The naming committee will be composed of 
faculty, staff, and student representatives. from 
the Third College CouncIl. The student 
representatives are Dee Gonzales and Otis 
Watson. The staff representatives are Rena Reno, 
academic cou nselor for Third College, and 
Raymond Dye, Third College dean. 

The probable faculty members are Joyce Justus 
and William rrazier, two of Third College's 
original faculty members. The committee will 
possibly include Vice-Chancellor Bud Sisco who 
will be the campus-wide representat ive to the 
committee. 

* on the Budget Resource Group. This is a vital 
position, as the BRG allocates the money for 
many student activities. Apply to Yolanda at the 
Dean's office 

The Revelle Reporter A feature devoted exclusively to announcements and events 
concerning Revelle College. 

(Revelle Plaza's fountain now, finally, splashes 
pleasantly, while those on Eastern campuses are 
ice-covered), many loca l activities are dormant. 
January and February are the time to knuckle 
down, finish and evaluate programs begun in the 
Fall , to work over ideas to initiate in the Spring. 

Th.e Commuter Center, inaugurated last fall, 
continues to serve off-campus students on the 
corner of Revelle Commons. Its infancy over, its 
need established, students are beginning to come 
into the office for information regarding specific 
needs. According to one staffer, a lot of com-
muters com~ in to use the free, off-campus phone 
line, an especially useful service. 

BRG 
A Revelle student representative is sti ll needed 

SCERR 
The Student Committee for Evaluation of 

Revelle Requirements continues its work with 
Revelle administrators to amplify and modify the 
Humanities Sequence. Among other changes, 
members are asking that an ecology class be 
allowed to fulfill the humanities requirement. 
Student input should be directed to Lloyd Thacker 
at 2591, or any other SCERR members, who in-
clude Charyn Segal, Jane Bening, Dan Fields, 
Mitch Thompson, Don Countryman, Jerry Cabot, 
and loel Zimmbelman . 

For the rest of the Revelle Administrative staff, 
it's business as usual, working with transfer 
students, ~valuating new courses, entertaining 
complaints about the paucity of Winter electives . 

. The optimistic scuttlebutt down at the Provost's 
.. office is that it's supposed to be an early Spring. 

T:le Church of Comervatlon 
Invites You To Be An 

ORDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR OF NATUREPEDICS 

POWER 
VOLLEYBALL 

Our fast growing church i 
actively seeking environment 
oncious new ministers who 

believe what we believe; Man 
hould exist in harmony with 
~ature . We are a non -structured 
aith , undenominational , with no 
raditional doctrine or dogma 

Benefits for ministers are . 
1. Car Emblem and Pocket I.D 
2. Reduced rates from man~ 
~otels , motels, restaurants , ca 
ental agencies, etc . Ou ~irectory lists over 1,000 prestigE 

establishments extending an 
automatic cash discount. 

3. Perform marriages, baptisms, 
funerals and all other minist rial 
functions . 

4. Start your own church and 
apply for exemption from 
property and other taxes. 

Enclose a free-will donation for 
the minister'S credentials and 
pocket l icense. Your ordination IS 
recognized in all 50 states and 
most foreign countries. 

CHURCH OF CONSEIVATlON, 
80X 375, MARY ESTHER, 
FlOIIDA 32569. 

this weekend 

San Diego Wave 
vs. 

Long Beach-Santa 
Monica Sails 

7:30 p.m. 
Friday, Jan. 31 

San Diego Wave 
vs-

Anaheim Hamm's 
7:30 p.m 

Sunday, Feb. 2 

Both games at San Diego Community 
Concourse: Golden Hall 
Tickets: $5.00, $3.50, $2.00 or call 560-4202 



Critical of UC Wants New Ideas 
by )al'll, G. Soto 

Last Thursc'at's UC Regent's 
meeting left thOfje who attended 
with a feeling of relief when it 
finally ended. The various 
University ofhials and regents 
managed to speak a great deal 
without saying very much, 
leaving most visitors unim-
pressed . On Friday, there would 
be a different perspective. 

The new governor, Edmund G. 
Brown Jr., attended his first 
Regent's meeting last Friday. 
Despite the hopes of some UC 
officials that Brown would give a 
carte blanch~ to the University 
and its programs, it soon became 
clear that Brown wi II treat the 
University in a critical but fair 
manner. 

The tone of the Governor's 
appearance at the Regent's 
meeting was set early in the day 
as the convened Board, including 
Brown, sat down to listen to a dry 
and crusty report on the state of 
engineering programs in the 
Un iversity . The experienced 
reporters quickly left t~e meeting 
and went to listen to a briefing, 
and then themselves. Brown 
quietly left the meeting also, 
when it was apparent that the 
Regents were putting on a public 
relations slide show rather than 
anything of long lasting import. 

Once the engineers had emp-
tied the room, and the report 
droned to its long awaited 
conclusion, the regular meeting 
of the Regents convened to 
discuss the business of the day. 

As the meting opened, 
courtesies were extended to the 
Governor and the Lt. Governor 
attending their first meeting. Just 
as the Regent's Chairman, 
William French Smith, was about 
to proceed with business, Regent 
Norton Simon raised a point of 
order. Simon inquired about the 
possibility of Brown chairing the 
meeting since he was the con-
stitutional president of that 
august body. Brown said he 
would wait to make a decision, 

but did say he was satisfied with obvious that Brown is concerned 
the way the meetings had been with everyone receiving ample 
conducted in the past. Norton access to the University. He did 
Simon, still wanting to _make a raise the funds for the 
point, raised the question with Educational Opportunity Program 
the new governor of whether he (EOP) and did eliminate the fees 

~egent Norton S[mon,. wh.o was chided by Governor Brown 
Fnda,y for not parhczpatmg In the Regental committee process. 
was going to handle the Regental for the Subject A requirement. 
committees' decisions in the Brown emphasized in a press 
same, allegedly high handed, way conference that he did not see 
of his predecessor. Brown quickly the value in pumping money into 
jumped on Simon for not at- programs that mayor may not be 
tending the committees in the of value. Brown, in response to 
past, suggesting that Simon criticism for his austere building 
should join one of them rather programs, said he thought the 
than complaining about their lack University had an " edifice 
of effectiveness. complex ." For Brown , the 

When it came time to discuss Univers'ity has maintained a 
the. budget, Brown made it clear philosophy of equating 
he was not happy with the way educational progress with the 
UC officials tried to solve their number of buildings constructed . 
problems. Brown criticized the Another area of criticalconcern 
University for not considering for the Governor at this first 
more alternatives in dealing with Regents meeting, is the slow 
the problems of limited funds, pace at which the Regents and 
Affirmative Action, or collective t he University move. H e 
bargaining. On Affirmitive Ac- criticized the Regents for not 
tion, Brown said he didn't think it moving fast enough to m et the 
wa~ necessary to operate a large demands of a changing society. 
office In order to reach people . Brown, in demonstrating this 
He said that if there are people in point, criticized the Regents for 
the community who are not in the not stating for the record whether 
University, the decision should be they favored the inclusion of a 
made on whether or not to let student regent on the board . 
them in . Once that decision is Though most regents said they 
made there shouldn't be any wanted a student on the board 
problems in getti ng them . It was they wanted to look at all th~ 

'SALE 
Texas Instruments Electronic 

Slide Rule Calculator 
SR-50 Reg.l49.95 Now 129.95 
SR-ll Reg. 79.95 Now 69.95 
SR-lO Reg. 69.95 Now 59.95 

Limited Supply on Hand 

UI1IVfRSITi 

MATIHEWS CAMPUS 

TEns 'COMPLETE GENERAL BOOK SECTION' CURRENT TInES, Gin BOOKS, 
REFERENCE- MEDICAL- STUDY AIDS, SPECIAL ORDER SERVICE· SCHOOL SUPPLIES 
GIFTS, GREETING CARDS' ART SUPPLIES' VITAMINS' HEALTH FOODS' SORWARE 

NEED IT FAST? .... TRY US FIRST! 

P"le 4 Triton Times ' .. nu .. ry 20, 1975 

ramifications of such a decision . 
The method of selection was 
brought up as a reason for not 
making a decision at that 
meeting. Brown reminded the 
Regents that he had just set up an 
entire administration in a few 
weeks, and if the Regents could 
not make a decision on a simple 
sense of the body motion, there 
would be some very long Regents 
meetings in the future. Norton 
Simon attempted to bring the 
question to the floor, but the rest 
of the regents wou Id not stand for 
such an attempt to reach the floor 
for a vote. Brown. when later 

asked if he had felt rebuffed by 
the regent's action, said he had 
got what he wanted . Nearly every 
regent pledged his support for a 
student regent, and Brown felt 
satisfiPd that he received a sense 
of the Regents. 

Brown 's activities at the 
meeting had managed to spur the 
Regents out of their lethargy. 
Brown's insistence that the 
Regents thoroughly evaluate their 
programs and seek alternatives 
promised to at least make the 
Regents' meetings more in-
teresting, if not more productive. 

Brominated Compounds 

Safer, Not Cheaper 
X-ray tests may be safer and more comfortable for patients in the 

future-especially if the patient happens to be one of the very young or 
the elderly . David M. Long, MD., Associate Clinical Professor of 
Radiology at the University of California, San Diego School of 
Medicine has been awarded a $52,700 research grant toward this 
objective for the continued exploration and experimental use of a new 
X-ray contrast agent, brominated perfluorocarbon . 

X-ray contrast agents are substances which "are introduced into 
specific areas of the body to facilitate visualization of X-ray film . 
Perfluorocarbon compounds are a recent discovery in radiographic 
agents. 

Brominated perfluorocarbon compounds have displayed several 
advantages over more common ly employed X-ray contrast media when 
adminstered by means of a flexible catheder or needle to outline and 
highlight the region of the body to be examined by a physician . "There 
is a tremendous need for a widely available, non-irritating agent," Long 
explained. "These new cO!J1pounds may provide a solution in the 
future because they are better tolerated by the patient. They are not 
irritating when administered for his tests , and they vaporize rapidly 
and completely, leaving no residue-and no discomfort as an af-
termath ." 

Perfluorocarbon compounds have proved a particularly useful 
diagnostic tool for pediatric and geriatric patients, Long continued, as 
these particular age groups are frequently subject to respiratory in-
sufficiency and are more susceptible to' complications from other 
radiographic agents. The perfluorocarbon compounds are safe for 
patients who experience adverse reactions to iodine as well-an im-
portant quality considering the fact that iodinated compounds have 
been the primary X-ray contrast media for nearly half a century. 

The brominated perfluorocarbon compounds have additional 
unique qualitities. Due to their low surface tension, they will readily 
wet any surface and flow freely into tiny folds and orifices. This 
provides excellent visualization in certain X-ray studies. The com-

pou~~s have low toxicity and a high degree of chemicaL and phySical 
stability Within the body. They cannot solidify or form obstructions 
over the region to be examined by,x-ray. 

While the new compounds have most of the properties of an ideal 
~adiographic agent, the principal drawback to widespread availability 
IS their expense. Perfluorocarbon compounds are inherently costly to 
manufacture, but the cost might be expected to decrease by half if 
larger quantities are used. Long is currently working with phar-
maceutical firms in an attempt to develop production and distribution 
of the compounds at a practical cost. 

While principal efforts to date have been directed toward use of the 
compounds in the lungs and gastrointestinal tract, other applications 
are being explored . These include the spleen, the hollow structures of 
the central nervous sytem, biliary system, pancreatic ducts and lower 
urinary tract . Long is also experimenting with emulsions of radiopaque 
perfluorocarbon in an effort to develop a satisfactory emulsion for 
blood and Iymphitic vessel purposes. 

The brominated perfluorocarbon research grant has been awarded 
by Public Health Service, United States Department of Health 
Education and Welfare. ' 

Working in collaboration with Dr. Long is Elliot C. Lasser, M.D., 
Prof ssor of Radio logy and Chairman of the Department of Radiology. 
The project is in progress at the School of M edicine with its research 
laboratories at the Veteran's Administration Hospital and the Salk-
Surge ~ aci lity 

Student Regent Favored 
Continued from Page ,. 

He added, however, that he fell- the committee would support a 
student Regent in its recommendation to the full board scheduled 
for February 14 in San Francisco. The committee wi II me'et Febru..ry 
12 10 draft its propos .. l . 

Although most Regents did not favor the motion, entered by 
Regent Norton Simon .. nd seconded by Regent"WiIli .. m M. Roth, ten 
of the Regents present who spoke indic .. tedltheirsupport of the 
student Regent. Regent Watkins was the only Regent who spoke 
who did not indicate his feelings. 

The student Regent could be added either by lesolutim, requirina 
.. simple majority of the board, or by amendment of the Bo .. rd's 
byl .. ws, for which a two-thirds majority would be necessary. It is not 
dear what .. ltemative the committee will choose for its reco .... 
mendation. 

Lury Miles, president of the UC Student Body Presidents' 
Council, told the Bo .. rd he felt the sense vote _I unnKftlary, and 
"at "e committee was procftcii"lll a proper rate. 

A new Rqent could not be Hated until July 1, rqarclftl of when 
the Board decides on the stuclent Relent. 

Win with :02 left 

Tritons Sink PLC in Thriller~ 60-58 
by kirk Robinson 

George Calhoun connected on 
a 20 foot jump shot with 2 
seconds left in the game to give 
UCSD a 60-58 win over Point 
Loma College on Saturday night. 

Calhoun's winning shot came 
after Point Loma had missed a 
layin with :40 left. The Tritons ran 
the clock down to :10, ca lled a 
timeout and set up the winning 
play. 

Steve Kirch r then iced the 
victory by intercepting the en-
'suing inbounds pass. 

• 

JV'S Survive PLC Rally, 
56-54; Register First. Win 

by Dave Eisen 
UCSD's . junior varsity 

basketball team enters Wed-
nesday night's game at the Naval 
Training Center with a one game 
win streak, after taking the 
season's initial victory Saturday 
night at the expense of Point 
Loma, 56-54 . 

was surprised that POint Loma 
stayed in the zone for the whole 
game." 

The game was close all the 
way, with no more than a two 
point difference for the last ten 
minutes of the game. From a 44-
44 tie with 9:42 left, the teams 
traded baskets, with UCSD Moore hils over Pain t Lama zone 

Of course the Tritons, now 1-8, 
didn't win it the easy way. UCSD 
held a ten point lead with as little 
as two minutes left in the game, 
only to watch the margin wither 
away. 

UCSD broke out to an early 6-0 
lead which they held for a full 
four minutes, using their patient , 
slow-down offense to good 
advantage . The Crusaders cam I' 
back, taking quick outside shot ~ 
to gain a 14-13 lead mid-way 
through the period The 
remainder of the half was c lose, 
with the Tritons going Into the 
dressing room with a 30-27 lead keeping the upper hand. 

Calhoun led the Tritons in the 
scoring department with 20, 
followed by Paul Trainer and 
Tony Moore with 9 each and Lyle 
Smith and Steve Kircher with 8 
each . Trainer led all players on 
the boards with 17 rebounds, with 
Ca lhc;>un adding another 10. 

The game started smooth ly for 
the Tritons as they built up a 
quick 18-10 lead only to see Point 
Loma come back and tie the 
game at 26-26 just before the half. 
UCSD then took a 29-28 lead into 
the dressing room at the in-

Eisen on Hockey 

termission . 
At the opening of the second 

half the Tritons extended their 
lead to three, at 39-36 only to 
have Point Loma score the next 
eight points for a five point 
advantage. . 

UCSD then tied the game on a 
free throw by Trainer and two 
buckets by Calhoun, and took the 
lead, 46-44, on a Mallory Mitchell 
layin . From then on it was 
nothing but basket trading as the 
score was tied seven times before 
CaJhoun's last shot. 

The Icemen Cometh 
San Diego's major league hockey team, the Mariners of the World 

Hockey Association, is all class . They seem to have everything it takes 
to be a powerful sports franchise - except fans, and an assurance that 
th y ar in San Diego to stay. 

Attending some games, coupled with conducting some interviews, 
has led me to the conclusion that with just a little help, the Mariners 
cou ld soon become the most popular athletic squad in this city . 

Admitted~y, the remaining teams don't present a lot of competition, 
but the N\arlners already are more successful in the standings than the 
Qs, Chargers, and Padres. 

The N\ariners playa very solid, consistent, fast style of hockey that is 
extremely interesting to spectators. The squad has its share of " name" 
players, including ex-Nationa l Hockey League All -Stars Harry Howell, 
Nonm Ferguson, and Andre Lacroix, who are now. leading the bid for 
the WHA plaY-Qffs. 

The three veterans typify the rest of the team, tough on the ice 
likeable off the ice . The players, in exclusive Triton Times interviews: 
agreed that San Diego is the perfect place to play, and watch hockey 
games. 

Howell , at 42, should be too old to playa young man's sport . As the 
team's player-coach, however, he plays as much of a physical game as 
he did 20 years ago. 

" The weather here is fantastic," said Howell. " In fact, it's so good 
that every time a visiting goalie comes in, he plays the game of his life. 
The home fans are also very good. They're very knowledgeable and 
enthusiastic. I'd have to blame the lack of attendance on the general 
!tate of the economy. People can't afford to go out as often ." 

Ferguson is a small (5'8", 173 lb.) right wing, who relies on speed, 
quickness, and a superb knowledge of the game to remain as one of the 
league's top players. Ferguson was one of the more popular team 
members in a recent promotion before a game when fans cou ld have 
their picture taken with their favorite player. 

" San Diego is by far the finest city I've ever played in," he said. " I'm 
Il'oud to live and play here. Hopefully, the attendance wi ll pick up if 
we continue to play well. " 

Lacroix (pronounced la-Kwah) is, at 29, the sa me age and size as 
lerguson. At c nter, he has been sel('cted to all three WHA AII- tar 
co ntests (including this year) . He is al 0 the league's top career poi nt 
scorer and assist man. Nicknamed " The Magician, " he can do nearly 
anything with the puck, a trait he attributes to " lots of practice. ". 

" The San Diego Sports Arena is a fine building for hockey. Thp 
players like it because ware h Iped mentally knowing that we have a 
large, comfortable place to dress and play. The fans have also been 
very good to us ." 

No one can come up with the exact reason why attendance is down 
The N\ariners average only 4,846 per home game, as opposed to 6,816 
on the road . The players are attempting to offset this by getting to 
know people through speaking engagements, among other thi ngs 

Lacroix feels that this is working. " It's getting now that I can go into a 
shopping center and people will recogni ze me <IIld come over and talk . 
I like to talk to people and it's a good feeling knowing that peopl are 
becoming more aware of us." 
. P~lic Relations Director Gabe DeNunzio i also doing his part , 
ISSUing press passes to "qualified journalists" from the San Diego Union 
to high schools. In this manner, DeNunzio hopes that potential 
spectators can become informed of the team. This is a practice very 
much unlike the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL, who refuse to give 
passes to iWlyone who isn't from a large paper, or radio or TV station . It 
amazes me that the Kings can do this while also charging incredibly 
exohorbitantticket prices . . 

. DeNunzio ,yas, "Why should professional journalists be the only 
ones to get passes? We believe that all qualified writers. as a orivile~e, 

Continued on '. 7 

The game o~ the whole was 
rather sloppily played with each 
team making numerous turn-
overs. The Tritons gave the ball 
up 27 times, with the last time 
almost proving fatal. But, for-
tunately Point Loma was unable 

Paul Trainer 
to convert the turnover into a 
basket and the stage was set for 
Calhoun's heroics. 

Another saving grace for the 
Continued on Page 7 

It was a better than average 
team that the Tritons defeated. 
The Crusaders entered the contest 
with a 6-3 ledger, including some 
impressive, high-scori ng wins. 

A large key to the game was the 
fact that Point Loma used a zone 
defense. This appeared to be 
strange strategy against UCSD, a 
squad that was 0-8 agai nst man-
to-man defenses. 

Due largely to the outside 
shooting of the newest Triton, 
Mack Parker, the Crusaders' zone 
was splattered all over Point 
Loma Golden Gymnasium for a 
good part of the game. 

Parker is a 21-year old freshman 
who came to UCSD this quarter 
directly from the Marine Corps. 
He is a very solid all-around 
player who possesses an ex-
ceptionally smooth outside shot. 
Parker scored 15 in his debut 
Friday night in a losing cause, and 
added 12 against the Crusaders. 

Triton coach Bob McCook was 
a wee bit thrilled that the team 
finally recorded a victory. " I'm 
quite happy," he said . " The team 
did exactly what I told them to 
do. We used a delay offense, 
eventually finding a good shot. I 

Nine minutes into the second 
half, Dave Elliott scored on a lay-
up, putting UCSD ahead 40-38, 
and the team was never again 
behind . The Triton man-to-man 
pressing defense was working 
well , with Parker, M ike Hart, and 
Chris Wellington all collecting 
key steals in the next couple of 
minutes. The Crusaders could 
manage only 13 points in the first 
13 minutes of the second half, 
mainly due to this defensive 
effort . 

Another lay-in for Elliott gave 
the Tritons their biggest lead, 12, 
at 54-42 with three minutes left, 
and Joe Greenstein'S basket (with 
1:10 to go) turned out to be the 
winning one, giving UCSD a 56-48 
lead. 

Point Loma actually had the 
ball out of bounds With one 
second left, behind by two, but 
failed on the attempt to get the 
ball inside fer an easy shot 

The night before, the Tritons 
collected loss number eight. 86-
81 to Victor Valley )c. UCSD was 
close most of the way, down on Iy 
41-39 at the half, but were 
stopped by the Rams despite a 22-
point effort by center Ell iott 

BUREAUCRACY CONFERENCE 
Sponsored by the Student Co-op, Studed Organizations, and the Interns. 

Sunday, Jan. 26 FREE Lunch and Dinner 
Call Sandy at x4450 for Te$eroatioru 

Pale S Triton Times January 20, 1975 



Is Our 

Face Red! 
One of those little typesetter 

errors that squirm past us from 
time to time came up in the 
january 17 edition Qf the TT Arts 
Supplement, "Barney." On page 
1, in the story about Jim Pagni, a 
line read : "He's been in the 
business 2 years," when in 
actuality he's been in the 
business 12 years. 

Our apologies for having 
accidently dropped those 10 
years from San Diego's long-
time "K ing of Concerts." 

Experi menta ITheatre .. 
ProVisional Theatre, an experimental theater company. will 

present two original productions, "The America Piece" and "Xil . A 
Vietnam Primer," Saturday, Jan . 25, and Sunday, Jan . 26, at UCSO. 

" The America Piece" will be performed at 8:30 pm Jan. 25 in thl' 
Revelle College Cafeteria. "Xa" will be given at 8: ~ pm jan 26 in 
Building 409 Matthews campus. -

"The America Piece" combines comedy and satire ex prE' S(.<J 
through dance, mime and dialogue. Each of the five men and thr('1' 
women in the play is the carrier of a contemporary hang-up Th(' 
players are the Worrier, the Fragmented One, the Leaner, the Abst'nt 
One, the Performer, the Empty One, the Self-Lover and the elf-
Punisher. 

After spending more than a year developing " America," the Lo~ 
Angeles theater ensemble premiered the play last September at 
UCLA. Playwright Susan Yankowitz created the characters and Don 
Q:>per wrote the script, developing a series of progressive incidents 
which comment on the American Dream-Myth . 

Aman Folk Ensemble at UCSD 

Appearances by ProVisional are jointly sponsored by the UCSD 
Drama Department and Campus Program Board. Tickets for 
"America" are S2 for UCSD students and S3 for the general publ ic. For 
ticket information on "Xa" individuals may contact the Drama 
Department. 

On Sunday, january 26, the UCSD Campus 
Program Board will present the Aman Folk En-
semble at 8 :00 pm in the UCSD Gymnasium. 

The Aman Folk Ensemble came into being as the 
expression of a deeply felt love for ethnic music 
and dance, both rural and urban, but also cla.ssical 
traditions and the arts of the - often itinerant - hired 
entertainer. 

Today the ensemble owns over a thousand 
costumes representative of more than seventy 
regional styles. Whenever possible, Aman uses 
original costumes purchased directly from the 
villagers, and when these cannot be obtained, 
replicas are produced accurately to the most 
minute detail. 

... Experimental Music 
On January 21 and 22, UCSD's 

Center for Music Experiment will 
host Jean Charles Eloy, a highly 
acclaimed young French com· 
poser. Mr. Eloy has received 
enthusiastic reviews throughout 
Europe during his performances 
or his most recent piece 
"SHANT I" . SHANTI, which 
translates from Sanskrit to mean 
"peace", has been described as a 
"Spiritual Experience" filled with 
rich sounds which "sweep into 
cosm ic waves of great fullness" 
(Le Monde 3-29-74) 

. Mr. Eloy will speak Tuesday, 
January 21 at noon in building 
408, Matthews Campus, about his 
piece and current trends in 
French contemporary music . The 
electronic music performance of 
" SHANT I " will be presented 
Wednesday, January 22, at 8:30 
pm , also in 408 Matthews 
Campus, as the focal point of Mr. 
Eloy's visit at the Center. 

In 1971 Aman's first Music Center concert was 
presented in the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in L.A. 
It was sold out days in advance and audience and 
crit ics alike gave their enthusiastic approval. Since 
then, the eighty-five member ensemble has in-
creased its touring schedule, and most recently has 
expanded its European, Middle Eastern and African 
repertoire to include the traditional music and 
dance of the United States 

The musical instruments collected by members 
of Aman have been gathered from the many regions 
represented in the repertoire. The Aman musicians 
are exceedingly versatile,and their talent in this 
respect enables them to play in a wide range of 
styles on a great variety of instruments. The skill of 
individual instrumentalists sometimes extends into 
the area of craftsmanship to a remarkable degree 
and the faithful reproduction of rare instruments 
parallels that of unavailable costumes. 

Birthday Party to Open 
Harold Pinter's hilarious and chi lling mystery, " The Birthday 

Party," will open january 31 at the UCSD Theatre for a run of eight 
performances, February 1-2 dnd 5-9. 

Directi ng the production will be Dr . Arthur Wagner, chairman of 
the UCSD Drama Department. 

Pinter' s claSSIC of contemporary theatre takes place in a house on 
the English seacoast.'\lthough it seems to be a boarding house, there 
have been no real visitors in years. 

. Stanley, a man in his late thirties with an unknown background, is 
the on ly boarder. Meg, the landlady, has developed a motherly 
cttitude for her long-time guest and treats him like the son she and 
her husband never had. 

Mysteriously, two men come to the house posing as boarders, but 
they' re really after Stanley . At a birthday pi\rty for Stanley, the two 
attempt to break him down . The men, McCann and Goldberg, 
succeed in breaking through Stanley'S resistance and finally take 
him away from the house. 

" The Birthday Party" was first presented in 1958 in Cambridge, 
England and was one of Pinter's early plays . Critics first dismissed 
the work, but it has since become a classic play and Pinter is now 
considered one of the most important English -speaking playwrights. 

AdmiSSion for the production is $1 .50 for students and $3 for the 
general public . Tickets are available at the UCSD Theatre Box of-
fice , and students are warned to get tickets soon as it is quickly 
sell ing out. 

I UC SAN DIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

Dynamic 
Continued from Page 2 

I beg to differ. Revelle students should take 
pride in a tough curriculum . Most do (even-
tually!) . We face national and world problems 
that require the utmost in technical knowledge, 
intellectual scruti ny, and analysis for solution . A 
high degree of specialized training combined with 
a general understanding of elements that enter 
into a complicated picture are required . Urban 
redevelopment, drug addiction, global pollution, 
health care delivery, population control, how to 
achieve a proper balance between life, liberty, 
and the pursuit of happiness- all these demand a 
broad as well as an intensive approach. 

[4) Student: "SCERR believes that Global 
[cology is pertinent to today's world and essential 
for science students." 

There is indeed general concern on our campus 
about the erosion of the quality of life. The 
Department of Biology is now in the process of 
developing a program in Environmental Health. 
There is much that can be accomplished in this 
regard . The conflict between the demands of 
indu stria l ized c ivi I ization and ecological 
safeguards is not easily solved . The realization 
that the Earth is an island, where the fragile 
balance of nature can be irreversibly disturbed, 
compels us to consider in depth global policies 
(political. industrial, economic) that may threaten 
the su rvival of the biosphere as we know it. The 
Earth Sciences are obviously of paramount im-
portance in this regard . Here, too, is an area of 
concern to the faculty, now involved in expanding 
the program. 
Conclusion: 

I offer the above comments with the hope that 

The- public is cordially invited. 
There is no adm ission charge. Call 
452-4383 for any additional in-
formation . 

the exchange of printed ideas on our campus can 
be encouraged further . To paraphrase Carey 
McWilliams (editor of The Nation), an idea 
considered to be initially unreasonable by some, 
may emerge later when refined, restated and 
made properly presentable' as an illuminating, 
clarifying and coherent concept. I fervently hope 
this happens. 

The Triton Times is an ideal vehicle for a 
continued and balanced dialogue between our 
students and our faculty . Obviously, the crowded 
lecture room is an impossible environment for a 
free and productive exchange of views. In a 
dialogue there is a time to listen and a time to 
speak. Our students listen, listen, listen endlessly 
in large lecture halls. I understand their urge to cry 
out, "Listen to us for a change.!" 

Young ideas, even if offered sometimes with a 
sense of rage and outcry against the system help to 
keep alive the intellectual vibrancy of our 
university. Carey McWilliams has written, " Ideas 
must struggle t<>, be born. They must find ex-
pression so they can be studied, distributed, 
criticized, assimilated, rejecfed or modified." A 
faculty, sensitive to student ideas presented in a 
responsible manner within the framework of a 
continuing consideration of modern beliefs, 
ethics, and values, can profit immensely by in-
teraction with students. 

I deeply hope that the Triton Times can become 
a forum used more often by our faculty for a 
printed dialogue, not only between students and 
teachers, but also between teachers and teachers, 
especially between scholars from varied 
disciplines. 

MORRIS E. FRIEDKIN 
PROVOST, REVELLE COLLEGE 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 

LIBRARY 
FREE NOON CONCERT 

I ' The unoffiCial Fly With uz for 
state bird , PSA, has a song to eleven cities 
more flights connectmg Wanttocatcha PSAGrinning-
northern and southern Call · bird? That's easy. Just catch 
fornia than any other air:hne up wi th your campus rep. 

NA ..... ,...· ... 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up·to-date. 
176·page, mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
51 .00 to cover postage (1 ·2 
days del ivery time I. 

519.GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE 1203 

LOS ANGELES. CA. 90024 
Our /NIt." .. , ar. SOld for 
r_ch purpows only 

Storring the Folk Duo: 

'Itkaea' 

(Ploying their originol compositions) 

Wed.Jaa ..... oa the gF" steps 

Sponsored By: Student Info. Center and C.P.B. 

Pile 6 Triton Times J.nu.1lry 20, 1975 

Basketball •••••• 
Continued from Pale 5 

inability to sink free throws. They 
were 0-5 on the evening, 'while 
UCSD managed to make good on 
4 of 7 attempts. 

All other statistical categories 
were about even as UCSD pulled 
in 42 rebounds to the Crusaders 
37. Point Loma sbot slightly 
better from the field converting 

Capital Cuts 

29-74 (39 percent) while the 
Tritons hit on 28 of 75 (37 per-
cent). 

Needless to say, the Tritons and 
Coach Barry Cunningham were 
happy to escape with the win . 

UCSD will be hosting the AII-
Cal Basketball Tournament next 
Friday and Saturday. UCI, UCR 
and UCD will be here to compete. 

3rd, 4th Plans Hit 
ContinuM from Page 1 

so that might be the logical connection," he said. 

'Still Open' 
Both McElroY,and Hitch on Friday in Los Angeles,indicated that they 

felt the budget "is still open for discussion." Said McElroy of Brown's 
statements, " I think he was very sympathetic, and gave a very good 
presentation ." Hitch said he was " impressed with Brown's awareness of 
the budgetary problems of the University." 

UC's proposed S588 million operating budget was up 15 percent over 
last year's figure . Apparently, the jump was a result of the University's 
optimism that a democratic governor would be more generous than 
former Governor Reagan, who established a policy of fiscal con-
servatism that had much opposition in UC, notably from Hitch. 

The Brown proposal for the UC operating budget allocates S543.4 
million, S45 .8 million less than the request. UC had proposed a 9.6 
increase for faculty sa laries - Brown countered with 8.5 percent. In 
addition, Brown allocated state matching funds to the Educational 
Opportunity Program for the first time, but cut Affirmative Action to 
$250,000 from a $2.5 million request, and eliminated the Extended 
University altogether. UC has attacked the two cuts, and hopes Brown 
will relent in negotiations in the next few months. 

'Metaphors' 
Friday, Hitch called Brown's proposal a "stand-still " budget, but said 

he felt the University could " live with it." Another UC official said 
earlier that it was "j ust another Reagan budget." • 

Brown rejected " stand-still" and "catch-up" as "metaphors," and 
said, "What we need is a clear look at what (UC) is able to do for 
society in the long run ." 

Present construction on Third College's Academic Unit I is not af-
fected by the capital cut, as all projects begun will be allowed to be 
completed. Third's residence halls are not funded by state money. 

ZPG- HL-Aud 
The 1975 Statewide Conllention 

of Zero Population Groth [ZPG) 
will be held in the Humani.ies 
Library Auditorium, 'rom 9 a.m. 
to 5 p.m., on Saturday, February 
8. ZPG is a non·profit 
o'llnization with chapten across 
the country to promote lIo1untary 
population stabilization. ZPG has 
educational and legislative 
prOlrams in the fields of 
population and sell education, 
family plilnninl. child care, 
ildoption and foster care, 
women'. rilhls, the protection of 
our environment, and land use 
and planning. 

The convention will feature 
reports on stilt_ide ilctillities ilS 
well ilS Ruest speaken. 

Hockey •..•• 
Continued from Page 5 

should be allowed to come in and then write, positively or negatively. 
about our product . " 

'We were hoping for an average of about &,000 fans per gam . We 
can't complain, though, the spectators that have come out have been 
just great." 

Among those "great" fans are the Mariners Booster Club, a group 
that not only roots for the team at home, but also make road trips, like 
a recent one to Phoenix to cheer on their heroes. Othef spectators are 
equally rowdy, usually on their collective feet screaming at the ref, 
opposing goalie, or just about anyone else who is within hearing 
distance. 

In an effort to improve, the Mariners have made recent trades, 
acquiring ex-NHL~r Ernie Wakely, Jim Hargreaves, and Michael 
Rouleau . Wakely has improved the goaltending tremendously, whi Ie 
Hargreaves is a solid defenseman, and Rouleau is a speedy center . 

The Mariners have the ingredients to do very well , as early as this 
season . Vvhat they need most is the support of San Diego. 

Health Science Deficits Under Fire 
Continued from Pille 1 

the Irvine school to Davis in the 
time suggested by Post . 

UC Report 

The Un iversity is in the process 
of preparing its own report for the 
March meeting of the regents . 
The Governor has pledged that 
the whole health sciences 

COMMUNITY 
IlOODIANK 

lZlf.Streel 

'AYSDONOIS 
torsenke 

Mon.-Sat. 
1:&-5:. 
CIoIedSun. 
ZDJ54I1 

program will be studied in order 
to find some solutions to 
spiralling costs of health 
education in California. The 
Governor has not said whether he 
favors the closure of the Irvine 
facility. terming it "more or less 
an open question ." Brown said, 
"There is a need for creative 
alternat ives." Brown questioned, 
however, the need for every 

campus to have similar programs. 
This week's hearing in 

Sacramento is just another step in 
evaluat ing the health sciences 
education programs in the 
University. As of now it appears 
that the Legislature, the 
Governor, and even some of the 
regents are prepared to look at 
alternatives that the University 
has not considered before. 

~~ Everything New in 
Skis B.nd Clothing 

FREDERICK'S SKI &: HIKE 
O.tfltters 

7722 Fay "venae 
La lolla 454·1418 

Snow reports 454·2351 

wne got a plan 
to make your banking easier. 

The ColIc .. Plan· 
What we've got is a very 
special package of services 
designed specifically for col· 
lege students. We call it the 
College Plan, and here's what 
makes it so special: 
The College Plan 
Checking Account. 
First you get completely 
unlimited checkwriting for 
just $1 a month. (Free during 
June, July and August.) You get 
monthly statements. And the account 
stays open through the summer even 
with a zero balance, so you don't 
have to close it in June, reopen it in 
the fall, 
Penonallzed College Plan Checks 
are Included at a very low cost. Scenic or 
other style checks for a little more. . 
BankAmertcard!' Next, if you're a qualified student 
sophomore standing or higher, yoll can also get 
BankAmericard. Use It for tuition at state universities, for 
check cashing identification and everyday purchases. Con-
setVative credit limits help you start building a good credit 
history. 
Overdraft Protection. This part of the package helps you 

avoid bounced checks, by covering 
all your checks up to a prearranged limit. 

Educational Loans. Details on 
Studyplan4D and Federally In-
sured loans are available from 
any of our Student Loan 

Offices. 
Accounts. All 

our plans provide easy 
ways to save up for holi-

days and vacations. 
Student Repre8ent-
atlvn. Finally, the Col· 

lege Plan gives you individual 
help with your banking problems. 

Usually students or recent gradu· 
ates themselves, our Reps are located 

at all our major college offices and are 
easy to talk with. 

No..v that you kno..v what's included, why 
not drop one of our college offices, meet your Student 
Rep, and get in our College Plan. It'll make your ba;,king a 
lot easier. 

Depend on us. More California college (ft 
students do. 

BANKOFAMERICA 

Pille 7 Triton Tintel January 10, 1!7S 



-
----, --... what's happening-------------------...... ---
meet-.gs 

SOARING CLUB GF.'NERAL MEmNGI 
Mon. 1/21. 2D 1 •• J:JD. Short rnaating 
to dIac_ the mNt. flying. ate. All 
_bare .n-ndI1/211 

TRANSCENDENTAL MEDITATORS: 
AItv. rnaating .nd .roup madltatlon 
Mon. J.n. 10 7 pm.. Ravelia Informal 
Lou,,"- For Info Joa Rieker. ___ or 
a.1 • . IS.I.M .S.I 11/211 

L.ctur.. for non·m.dltator. on 
T,.nacend.ntal Madltatlon ITMI In the 
Rev .... Inform.1 Loun .. on Tuee. J.n. 
21 .t noon.nd 7:30 pm. For Info call Joa 
Rieker. 2II-IIIIIi or 210-1140. IS.I.M.S.I 
111201 

G.y Stud.n .. : M .. tlng Mon .• Jen. 21. 7 
pm. Loun •• Conf.renc. Room, Student 
C.nt.r. Wom.n and Men. f.culty and 
etaff welcome. (1 /201 

U.J .S. Importent plennin. m .. tin. 730 
top floor Stud.nt Center Jen. 23. (1 /221 

B.dmlnton Club meeting Mond.y 8:00 
In the Gym. (1 / 201 

HOR SEBACKRIDING CLUB - W.d .. 
J.n. 22 et 4:00 In Rec Gym Corif. Room. 
N_ memb ... w.lcom • . (11221 

for sale 
Fr .. - 2 yr. old lov.ble cock.poo. Irene. 
,..1 •• 8-3 Mon.-Frl. (1/201 
1174 NORTON Inte,. .. t. Cycl • . P.rfect 
condition 1710.00 Or bnt offer. C.II .. 
3335. (1 /311 
1. Au.tln Am.rlce Sad.n 3Ii M.F.G. 
new tire. (21 brek... .tart.r-motor. 
redletor. s nog-d.vlc.. g.n.retor tIIO. 
From . ·2481 after 8 pm. (1 /201 
Cut out colna for .. I • • American and 
foreign. Rea.onable pric... Will cut 
.pecl.1 orde ... St.ve or Bruc. 462..,.,. 
(1 /201 

Sound cr.ftamen Receiver 18 we1ta p.r 
chennel. two book.helf EI.ctrovolce 
.peeke,. .115. Eric. 2S2 Met.or. (1/201 
Schwinn v ... lty 10-.peed "0.00. W.t.r 
bed, heeter end cheep frame _ .00 -
"1106. (1 /201 
Girl·.3-.pe.d blk •• 15.00 - Bleck _lv.1 
chelr tl.50 - end table .2.110 - C.II Debby 
w .. kdey.463-3483 • • venlng. 5 pm . 8:30 
pm. 463-_. (11201 
Ski Boote. Nortice Alpina .u .. r 1 
.... on old. Siz. 10 .20. 464-8736. (1 /211 
Sk.te Bo.rd Freak.: Sk.teboard. 4 
different .Ize boerd.. flb.r.le.. fI.x 
board • . C.dlllec wheel. av.lleble. Neel 
462 .... 1. (1 /271 
' ff7 SAAB. 2 .troke (no velvesl . 30 m.p.g. 
New engine. trensml .. lon, c lutch, .tc. 
.1000. Bruce 236-6176 or . ·5112. 
(pl /311 
69 Hond. 175. looks horrendou • . Run. 
super. Rebuilt 1000 ml.go. Elect sYltem 
needs work .273.52. 756-6238. (1 /221 
Sklis (br.nd newl Fisc her Gle .. Gr • . 
(206 em) $70 Or be.t offer. SR·10 T.t. 
calculetor. like new $50. Brad 463-7587. 
(2/101 
10 spd. bike. $56 7 month. old. C.II 463· 
5196 . fter4 pm. 101/20) 

Stereo amplifie Oynac o SCA-80·Q 80 
wa tts. Fine qua l,ty·great value $130 ca ll 
evenings Jeff 463-6657. (1/221 
AM·FM C.r Reci o ~udiovuA aulld :t4 • 
$50 originally" . 272·7590. (1/221 
Bundy Studen Flute, In good con· 
ditlon. Call 462·l67t, ask for R.nd. (1 /221 
Ookorder .t ... eo c e • • ette deck 
w l Oolby $250 r,ew. st ill in bOK ) $200. 
481·9847. larry (11201 

Potte,. Wheel: Electric, 3li-150 rpm. 1/3 
h.p .. perf. condo .225. - 279-9675. (pll201 

Surfboerd 7:4 brand new $96. U.ed 3 
times 462·1B96. (1/291 

notices 
SEX CLINIC: Counaallng on 
Sexu.1 Problame. Wad. 3-1 pm; Ravella 
Counealore DffIc. lneat to the Rev. 
Provoet Offlcel. Judith Jorge_. 
M.D.: Hugh P.tM. Ph.D. 131141 

ATTENTION MUIR Winter Graduation 
CandldetM: C~ct Mra. W.rner In 
Muir Pontoat DffIca to .rra".. .n 
appolntm.nt for YOUr final .. ,. 
ctwck .nd to file your oandldacy card. 
111»1 

VOCAnONAL INTEREST SURVEYS: 
CORM/lng for malo,. .nd c.,.,.. Mon 
4-6. Tu_ 2·3 • .., H· L J.nnl Murray. 
Actin. Colleg. O .. n. Hu.h P ..... Ph.· 
D. 13/141 

ALUMNI & FRIENDS OFFICE he. a 
atudent Intern .v.lleble to .n.w.r 
queatlon. and rec.lv. .u •• e.tlon. 
about the Alumni or •• nlzetlon. C.II 
Ron Roberta .t 462...a2. or .top by 212 
MC. Tue . .. Wed .. Frl., 1 .. pm. (1 /311 

Survey; Unlv. Bookatore i. consld.rin. 
hevlng the N.Y. Tim .. delivered on • 
dally be.l. for cu.tomer purch .. lng. 
Any Dept. or Indlvlduel Inte,..ted cell 
ext. 3740. Bonnie. (1/221 

M.n·.3.p. blk • • 21 ' frem. w / .. n.retor 
lI.ht. ret-trap .. de .. , .... 31 . 4&3-11114 
Mike .v.nlnlis. (1/221 
Bicycle: G.rlattl 10-.peed blk., mu.t 
... 1 .100 -~. A.k for St.v • . 
(p1 /201 

S ... on tlck.ta for the Tu .. dey metln .. 
of the Aft. for .. Ie or will trade for 
Mondey m.tlnee tick.". Mark 223-
1088, ev.nln •• (1 /241 
89 BMW Brend new Konl • • Michelina, 
tan pelnt lob. ......... K .. p trying. 
.fternoone .nd evenln •• only. (1/241 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASHI Peyln. Top Ool"r 
for yOur U.S . Sliver Coin. minted b.fore 
1984. Ken 462-S325. (p3/141 

FIGURES MODElS·All SIZES. _, hr. 
273-5317 8-10 AM (p1/221 

WANTED: 2 tlck.te to Jethro Tull on 
Feb. 1. C.II 218-1817 .fter 5 pm If you 
hev •• nythlng. Thenk • . (1/311 

Get rick qulckl Former Econ lB 
student. . .ell your 9th edition 
Semu.lson. Contact Prof. Menn .t 4Ii2-
3a for. buyer. (p1l241 

S .. nl.h tutor for be.innln. Itud.nt. • 
negotl.bl • . Chip 481·9832. (1/201 

Grad or under.red. with knowl.d.e 
atatlstlc./ progremmln. to enalyze d.ta 
& lhere in publlcetlon. C.II Mik. 
Meltzer x2801(1 /241 

P.reon intere.ted In reviewing cl ... lcel 
muaic concerts. Inquire et Triton Time • . 
Seel.rry Dickel x3486. (1/201 

Wanted: MAHAN Chemlatry book 
oleal. cell M.rk .t462·1216. (11201 

Free hou.lng at M.mmoth for 3 day. If 
you c.n give 2 people. ride. Oorl. efter 
9 pm. 487-0476. (1 /221 

Wornen .Inge,., poete, mu.lcl.n • • etc. 
Needed tor " uJtu r.1 entertainment 
weekly .erle • . Connie 464-0938. (1 /221 

carpool 
Cerpool w.nt.d from Del Cerro. AIII.d 
G.rde .. , San Carlos er.e. Doug 218-
42t5. I1/221 

Ride went.d to & from UCSD -North 
P.rk. onc. or twlc. w .. kly. Will pey. 
Eddie 291 -2725. (1 /201 

Page 8 Triton Times January 20, 1975 

Studen ... nd Faculty Invited: The IM'I 
Club .. IIIOReoring • w .... w.tchlne 
aacurwlon Sat. J.n. 21. BOlit daparta 
from Baa Forth landing In M .... on B.y 
at 1:00 •. m. SHARPI Adulta .1 .• ; 
chltdrell under 12 f ..... Plan to be g_ 
2-3 hoy,.. M.k. _tl_ .t 412-
3731. no ".r than Wad. J.n. 22.11/221 

PAGE I I •• IM and Ilvine. In I_ar Muir 
Comm_ lnaxt to Ca .. ,. Coma In .nd 
rap orwhetaver. Mon-Frl.1O-4 Mon .• nd 
Wad. nI ... 7-1O. 11/221 

Muriel Naabltt Ph.D. from Blo Dept will 
be the ,UMt f.culty m.mber .t the 
B~n B.g Lunch .t the Women'. 
Canter. Tllu,.. .t 12 noon. Everyone 
welcom • . 11/221 

A dlalogu. betw .. n Bill TIff.n of 
Trident Chrl.tl.n Fellow.hlp .nd 
G.or.e Poat of Cempu. Cru .. d. for 
Chri.t will be h.ld .t Unlve,.lty 
lutheren Church tomorrow. J.n. 21 . et 
7:30 p.m. All er. w.lcome. (1 /201 
Women'. w .. kly con.clou.n ... ral.lng 
group.: Mon. nl.ht. 7;8:30 pm .nd Tu ... 
mornln'l 10-11:30 .m. More Info: 
WOMEN'S CENTER 462·2023 or Connie 
4&4-0138. (1 /221 
WORKSHOPS FOR WOMEN Thu,.·Frl. 
.... Con.clou. Ral.ln. Rev.lle Formel 
Set·Sun 9-4 Tori MC302 Conf. Rm.lng. 
Call & r ••• rv. - Coun. C.nt.r 37!i6 
Women'. Cent. 2023. (1 /241 

. 

serviCes 
TYPING • MARILYN would Ilk. to type 
your pepar. theel.. .tc. She II ex· 
parl.nced on .11 typn of papa,.. fe.t. 
_oneble .nd he. en IBM. PI .... cell 
heret~"". Thenk you. (p1/241 

.. to .. par wkJpart tim • . Unlimited 

.. rnlng potentl.1 In .dd ..... ln. en· 
v.IOpea et hom • . Comp.nl .. pay top 
mon.y for thet " p.,.onel" touch. For 
further Inform.tlon r.g.rdlng op-
portunltl .. with th .. e companlel • • end 
$2 to Phoanlx Adverti.lng. P .O. Box 
11707, Atl.nta. Ge. 30306. (pl .241 

Birth Control Clinic. epp". running 3 
wk • . In edv.nc • . Call 462·2181 Mon. & 
Wed. "11 :30.m & 5-1 pm. Con.uitatlon 
& Info. preg.ncy coun •• llng ev.l .. ble 
Tu • . & Thu,.. 8-3 pm 11 /201 

personals 
To ell my frl.nd./eneml .. In Del Mer 
(end P.B.I may we .Ink or .wlm 
together thl. qu.rt.r. Fritz. (1/201 
.Jennl.: YOU ow. m •• b.gel lunch In 
thelecuzzl. SI.ned Hun.ry. (1/211 
Grandole Kid. I m .. n whet I .. Id. B.t 
you e freckl. you cen elao telk. FJB 
(1/201 
l .. lI. Ann. I w •• going to write you e 
m...... but It we. to p.,.onal. Jim 
(1/201 
Deer Merle E.ther: To •• y the I ... t. 
you ' re the MOST. Your. for.v.r. 
Chrl.toph.r P.ul. (1 /20) 
Buzley Herden ... Heppy 20th. You can 
.troke the helre on my .tom.ch 
enytlme. love Gretchen. (1 /201 
APPLE · Je t'elme.·B.P. (11201 

To M.K.F .. Congrete on b.lng n.med 
UCSO MI •• Motorboat Queen for 1975 . 
The G.ng. (1 / 201 
Ginger - don' t Cry. The Fuller Brush men 
.tlll love. you. Ecu.dor will It III b. 
theraln alx y •• ,.. Dav • . (1/201 
D.er P.K.: I .tillthlnk you .r. the bnt-
lookln. guy on c.mpu • . C.n w •• 1111 be 
frl.nd.1l (1 /201 
HAPPY B-DAY JANZERS: 1. y .. ,. old 
and thet •• xy volc. · nothing' II .top yOU 
nowl the k·3 kid • . (1/201 
Nency & Nlte .. heve you fOrgotten 
wh.r.lllv.1 K.ren. (1/201 
Th.re w.a • yount men named B.rt 
L .. , who IIv .. on Blek. 2 not B .. k. 3. 
HI. blrthd.y'. today . • 0 w.·d Ilk. to 
.. y, B .. t wl.h .. from A. M & V. (1/211 

new classes 
Th. Mormon UCSD In.tltut. of 
Raligion c.... - "Mormonlem .nd 
Modem Scientific Thought... Meet .t 
1127 La Jolla F.rme Road. the White 
HGUM Oppoel. MIIr Dorm •• 7:00 Wad. 
nigh". 412"1. 11/211 

lectures 
Union of J_lah Stud.n.. - Lecture 
Wad. J.n. 22 1:00 pm. Revelle Informal 
Loun .. S.ymour Mertln L1P .. t "1.ra.1 
.nd The Am.rlcen J.wl.h Com-
m'4nlty." 11/221 

SEYMOUR MARTIN UPSET Prof ... or 
of Sociology end Gov.rnm.nt Herverd 
Unlve,.lty " Prof ... o,. end Politic." 
Wed .. J.n. 22 4:00 pm. Informel Loun ••• 
Revelle C.mpu • . (1/221 

art 
The lecond annu.1 Women'. Art Show 
et UCSO i. In the H·l Art G.llery now: 
Monday Jen. 2Oth-J.n. 31 . Openln. 4-7 
pm. Mon. Jen. 20. (1/241 

housing 
M or F roomm.t. went.d for fenta.tlc 3 
bad. hou •• In Encinitas . .. , mo. for 
own own. m ·2298. (1/221 
N .. d ,..ponslble MIF roomm.t. for 2 
Bdr. PB ept. 1 block from b .. ch. Pleon. 
.100 plu. % utll. "7121. Steve. (1 /201 
$250. New bdrm. townhou •• in G.n •••• 
Highiend • . U.C. C.r ..... drapn • • tov • • 
emple storag., I.rg. pley .,... :z1O.1IIIiI. 
(pl/221 
M Rmet. ne.d.d Immed. for 1 bdrm 
furn. In lJ VII .... I . • 112.lIO/mo. 4Ii3-
8084. 11/211 

1 Or 2 f.mal., non.mok.,. to .here W 
Vlllege Apt. Imm.dlat. occu .. ncy -
"1.25. C.II 4&2.t714 Pem or Cher. 
(pl/241 
Roomm.t. w.nt.d: F.m.1e to .her. 3 
b.droom condo n •• r .chool . 
• 701 month. 4I2~. 111201 

F.mRmt. needad for 2-bdrm. ept. In 
Solena Bch . • 1. Includ .. utilltl ... C.II 
Toni day 4&2 ........ nl.ht7l5-lOlJ. (1/241 
Hou •• met. w.nted to .here room In 
.paclou. 4 b.droom. 4 beth hou .. In 
0.1 Mer. Laundry f.cilltl .. Included, \4 
block from b .. ch . .. month plu. utll. 
7115-71118. (1/221 
Sp.clou.. new 2 bdrm Condo neer 
campu.. POol. g.ra... In G.".. ... 
HIgh"nde. t22i; L .... thru Sept. 4&2. 
4114; efter5. 481 ·t78Ii. (1/201 
UCSD .tud.nt n .. d. 1 or 2 .tud.n .. to 
.h.re larg. two bdrm duplex In Cerdlff. 
v.ry quiet .nd nlc .... call H.rry 4Ii2.f77I. 
(1/251 
Singi. pereon or coupl. (pr.ferredl to 
.h.re ler.. hou.. In Hlllcr •• t with 
prevlou.1y e.tebllshed .roupe. R.nt 
" .00 per pe,.on mex. end utilltl ... 
Mu.t be willing to shere hou_ork, 
cook!n •• nd g.naral .xp.n ... end hev. 
r.llabla .ourc. of Incom •. PI .... c.1I 
299-30118 b.tw .. n 8:00 & 9:00 pm. week-
d ys only. We WOuld Ilk. to heve .ome 
on. Defor. Feb. 18t. (1/211 

films 
Cultural Tradltl_. Aelan wlll.how the 
following film. on J.n. 21. 7:00 pm 2D 
HSS. "Chl_ Revolution RavIaItad'· 
end AgGRiM of N.tlonaHam." F,. 11. 
Mln.l . 111201 

Wad. J.n. 22 "Whet I •• Rehr' 12 7104 
Uray H.11.11/221 

music 
C.nter for Mu.lc Exparlm.nt to PraMnt 
"Shentl." e cont.mporary .Iactronlc 
mu.lc pl.ce by J .. n Cherl_ Eloy Jen. 
22. 8:30 pm. In Bldg. 401 MC. Public 
Invited. No .dml •• lon cher ••. 4313 for 
Info. (1 /221 

Hoot night tonight (.nd every Mond.y 
ni.htl et the Revelle .Id. door (formerly 
known a. the Coff .. Hou.el from 8,30 
to 11 pm. The mik ••• re open for 
.nyone to come In end .ntertaln. Thl. 
Wedne.dey. Phelp •• nd Mertel will be 
tha fa.tured entertainment. (1 /201 

RMMT. WANTED. own rm. 3 bdrm . 
hou ... Clm't. .., plu. utll. Immad. occ. 
no dog • . Non-.mok.r. Bob or John Z1S-
7ICII ' 1111 11 pm. 11/221 

travel 
CHARTERS TO EUROPE 1m I __ t .Ir 
fe,.. from .... Round trip to LON-
DON . Also. bIt mOr., flight. to: AM· 
STERDAM. BRUSSElS. IRElAND • 
FRANKFURT • • nd .om. conbinetlona 
Into one city out enoth.r. In S.n Diego 
.Ince 1121, cell DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEl 291 .. 141. Aleo .tudent rail 
pa ..... cer r.ntals. pun:~ .tc. on 
ell tre.,.1 call 211 .. 141. (plindl 

SSW Trav.1 Offlc. - ON CAMPUS 
EUROPE, NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS 
Int'! Stud.nt ID, Eurall. Ho.t.1 Cerda, 
Tripping Me.azlne. .tc .... UCSD In· 
tarnatlon.1 C.ntar 412-0130 11 em .. pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Cloaeed Tu. - Thu. 
(p3/141 

lost and found ' 
lo.t Tu ... 14 gold ring wlht Imltetlon 
DI.mond. Not much v.lu. .xc.pt 
•• ntlm.ntel. " Alrloom" .. rawerd. 
J ... Brookley. Ch.lleng.r • . (1/211 

lo.t • Y.llow hendl.d pock.t knife 
Sherd.Weld.n No. 213 on blad.. A 
.. ,.onal t,...ure . Rew.rd. 4I4.tIMII 
ev.nl ng • . (1/221 

lo.t: SlIv.r & Turquol.e ring In Hum. 
lib. wom.n'. r .. troom. Rew.rd to 
return.r. C.II Su.l. 7115-11112. 11/221 

Lo.t: W.t suit p.n" for.Ott.n eft.r 
dlv •• t b •• ch .outh of L.J . Cov.. If 
found pi .... cell lind. 462·I3Z7. (1/201 

lo.t: Br. Trlfold w.lI.t. My Id.ntity. 
PI .... return cerd •• nd Zoo .. aa. Ext. 
3711 . 

Found: Sm.1I Yellow dl.ry. with record 
of European trip. 462-a., •• k for Joh. 
or leav. m_g •. 11/201 

• '* I •• IIDIATII OA8-

• 

OLDOOIH • 1fT 
GOLD AND SILVER COINS BOUGHT AND SOLD 

INVESTM~NT PORTFOLIOS ESTABLISHED 
CALI. RICH AT NOBEL CORP. 

454-9156 OA Y 
454-8939 EVE 


