
/'o/ume 24, NitiIib".21 UC Sail D,e 0 Mondtly, February 24, 1975 

Councilman Lee Hubbard 
Announces For Mayor 

AS ~egulation Uncovered 

by "James G. Soto 
The growing controversy 

between growth advocates and 
those anxious to preserve the 
environment and quality of life in 

an Diego (highlighted at UC San 
Diego by the debate surrounding 
the University Towne Center), has 
been delineated into the San 
Diego political arena, with the 
announcement that the City 

ounci l's staunchest supporter of 
growth, Lee Hubbard, will oppose 
the probable re-election effort of 
Mayor Pete Wilson . 

Development Big Concern 
Hubbard, 46, believes that 

deve lopment and controlled 
growth will be the major concerns 
of the vot rs thi s fall. Hubbard 

~ays th re is a tie-in between 
un mploym nt and the con-
tro lled growth policy the mayor 
and the majority of the City 
C ounc i! have b en pursuing since 
Wilson was elected almost four 
y(>a rs ago. 

"Office workers , hard hats, and 
ntllens all over San Diego are 
asking what happened to their 
lobs," Hubbard said in an-
nounci ng his candidacy for 
mayor at a local Lion's Club 
me ting last Thursday. 

In recent months, the no-
l,!rowth policy of Wilson and the 

ity Council has ome under fire 
from con truction and labor 
Interest a loca l unemployment 
has kyrocketed to nearly double 
the national average of six 
percent. There has been a march 
down Broadway by unemployed 

D, F Grade Repeats May 
Be Disallowed at UCSD 

Lee Hubbard 
co nst ru ction workers, and 

" Degree credit for a cour will 
be given only once, but the 
grades assigned at ach 
enrollm nt shall be permanently 
recorded ." These words, from 
section 780, part C, line 3 of the 
Regulations of the Academic 
Senate (AS) put a restriction upon 
a certain aspect of the UC San 
Diego grading system. 

Since the school's inception, it 
ha been policy that up to 16 
units of Ds and Fs cou ld be made 
up, with the expungement of the 
previous grade from student 
transcripts . With the uncovering 
of this AS regulation , however, 
the policy may be abandoned . 

thoughout San Diego there are Discovered Inadvertently 
billboards protesting, "Welcome According to Robert Lugan-
to San Diego, Home of 10,000 nani, chairman of the AS's 
unemployed co nstruction Committee on Educational Policy 
workers." Last year, perm its for (CE P) and a professor of APIS, th 
construction of single family regulation was uncovered 
dwellings fell to only 574, the inadvertently. 
lowest number in the recent At the end of last year, 
history of San Diego, one of the Lugannani said, a grading 
phenomenal growth areas in the proposal that included this ex-
nation . • pungement policy was submitted 

Lobbyist to the University-wide CEP and 
Wilson called Hubbard, " a the Statewide Committee on 

lobbyist for a narrow, extremist Rules and Jurisdiction, which 
segment of the construction would then give a recom-
rndmtry L' Reacting to Hubbard's rnendation to the Academic 
statement of candidacy, Wilson Council. It was discovered by 
said, " I am strongly inclined these co mm ittees that this 
toward seeking re-election ." The specific proposal was at variance 
mayor aid that the election of with statewide regulations and 
Hubbard, "would put San Diego statewide grading pol icy, as 

continued on page 6 indicated explicitly by the AS's 

regulation . Therefore, the entire 
grading proposal could not be 
approved by the committees 
unless th expungement policy 
was completely stricken from it 

According to Lugannani , the 
alternative would be for the 
UCSD AS to request a variance 
from this regulation However, 
Lugannani revealed that the 
" likelihood of approval was not 
good," and that the request 
would not be made He suggested 
that students, perhaps through 
the auspices of CAPE or the 
Student Cooperative, could find a 

lemedy He stat d that h would 
be more than willing to answer 
quest lon~ and give adVice 
regarding the ~ Ituatlon 

If nothing can be accomplished 
by a student-lnltlat d campaign, 
this unique poliCY of e-
pungement would be subject to 
abandonment Although It IS 
highly unlikely that present 
stud nts wou Id be affected 
retroactively, they would be 
discouraged from Implement Ing 
this poliCY In the future In-
coming freshmen and tran fer 
tudents would not be allowed 

the benelfts of th I s policy at a II 

Regents Want Saxon 
As President Replacement 

The Los Angeles Times reported yesterday that DaVid S Saxon, UC 
provost and vice-chancellor at UCLA, is the man the Board of Regents 
wants to replace President Charles Hitch, who will reti re in June. 

At a speCial meeting in Los Angeles last week, the Regents reportedly 
discussed Saxon and University of Michigan president Robben 
Fleming, the two front runners for the post . After the meeting, Regents' 
ch ai rman William French Smith told the Times that no firm deCISion 
had been reached for the new president, but Times' sources " close to 
the selection process" say Saxon is favored by the board 

According to the Times, Fleming's first interview, February 1 In an 
Francisco, had not made a good impression on the board, apparently 
because he was ill. He was given another hearing Saturday 

The sources say that both Saxon and Fleming were thought to be 
highly qualified by the board, but that Saxon was preferred, and would 
by nominated unless another previous unconsidered cand idate with 
extraordinary qualifications appeared. 

Work on Mesa Gardens Stopped Flemming had been favored by conservative Regents . 
by Edward Simons 

Vice-ChanceHor George 
Murphy told a meeting of Mesa 
Apar tment residents Sunday 
that the bulldozing, which last 
r riday destroyed six vegetable 
gardens outh of the Un iversity 
Me a Apartments, wi II be 
halted . The gardens were 
plan ted and cared for by the 
reside nts of the married 
student units there. ,Other 
con truction work will continue. 

The bulldozers, owned by the 
contractor building the recently 
approved 20(}un it apartment 
complex outh of trhe Mesa 
apartments, were clearing the 
land to build one of the two fire 
access road required by law for 

~ uch dev lopments. Students 
operati ng the gardens com-
plai ned the University did not 
give them enough prior notice 
of Friday's land clearing. A 
letter from Mabie and Mintz, 
ontractor , datel;l February 17, 

and postmarked February 20, 
Inform d the residents of the 
apartments that the vegetable 
gardens would not be disturbed. 
The letter sa id a chain-link fence 
would be placed south of the 
garden , thus putting them 
north of the construction zone. 
Residents received the letter 
Thur day. 

Th first notice from the 
Unlver ity that the gardens were 
to go cam on Wednesday night 
from AI As ad, a housing 
a SI tan t at the Mesa complex 
A sad aid he fir t learned of the 
gardens' fate at a meeting with 

Construction and Uti liti es 
Manager James Burfield, " about 
one and a half weeks ago." 
Burfield put the meeting 
anywhere from two to three 
weeks ago . 

One Mesa resident claim d to 
have een the relevant 
blueprints before work began 
and said the property lines made 
it clear the gardens would be 
pared . However , ampus 

Architect Charles Powers said 
the property lines have not been 
changed ince the project wa 
submitted to the firm com-
peting for the contract. Burfield 
also said the plan had not been 
hanged 

About thirty Me a re idents 
crowded into the mall Ea f 
Commons room to attend th 
meeting with Murphy tudent 
said that they saved money by 

growing their own vegetables 
and would be hurt financially if 
the gardens were to go. One 
student invested $300 · in a 
greenhou se whi ch, he was 
as ured, would not be in the 
way of construc tion . Who 
a su red h im of th is is not yet 
clear . Murphy told the group 
that he would try to find out 
why no one had been notified 
and whether or not reim-
bursement for the destroyed 
garden would be forthcoming. 
He al 0 told re idents he had 
arranged with Donald Sites, the 
As i t ant han cellor for 
F aciliti Manag ment , for 
further work on the ultivated 
land to be halted until it I 
d ided what action the 
Univer ity will take He agreed 
to meet with Me a resld nt 
dgain Monday evening. 

t--Jedelman ACJing Coordir)otor 

Luque Resigns BRG 
Rudy Luque, who has served as 

coordinator for the Student 
Cooperative's Budget/ Resource 
Group (BRG) through much of 
the controversy surrounding that 
committee in past months, has 
resigned the post. 

Luque, along with Coop-
elected BRG member Irma 
Munoz, announced their 
reSignations at a meeting of the 
budget group Thur day af-
ternoon . It wa decided then that 
Fourth Col lege representat ive 
Alec Nedelman would serve as 
acting coordi nator. 

Luque could not be reached for 
comment. 

N ede lman told the Triton 
Times Thursday that a new 
coordinator and a replacement 
for MECHA-cochairper on Munoz 
would be cho en at the regular 

m~ting of the ooperative 
March 3. . 

The r signat ion followed a 

Rudy Luque 

that himself and five other BRG 
members, not including Munoz, 
be removed from the BRG Luque 
cited numerous conflicts within 
the committe,e, which allocates 
the Coop's stud nt activity fees, 
as the reason for hi motion 

storm y Coop meeting last That motion was not accepted 
Monday, at which Luque moved by the Cooperative 

Carmichael To Speak SuItdai 
Bluk niltionillist leilder Stokely Cilrmichilel will hiplilht BI.d 

Con ciousness Week with iI speech Sunct.y .t UC 5.1n Diqo. 
The weft, sponsored by the BI .. ck Stp-dents Union, win present 

vilried ilctivitiet encomPiissinl ilSpects of bluk culture illonl with 
discussions of politiCilI, soci .. 1 .. nd economic issues. 

More inform .. tion is presented in the TT's Thifd Reporter, Pille]. 



Lecturers In Red Felt Hats? 
StudE~nts As Whores, Faculty As Pimps 

by Seb Nielsen 
Have you ever thought of UCSD as a bordello~ 

The faculty as pimps, the students as whores? I 
have, and I do. I can imagine faculty and students 
avoiding the accuracy of the portrayal by 
dismissing it as a gross generalization. That would 
be a poor rationalization . You know the 
generalized quality does not interfere with the 
integrity of the statement. Let me restate it a wee 
more clearly. It is my experience at UCSD, in 
general, that the faculty are pimps and the 
students are whores . That is not to say the faculty 
and students portray their roles always in unison. 
Sometimes only the students are performing. 
Sometimes only the faculty are performing. Yes, 
Virginia, there are exceptions. The exceptions, 
however, are just that. To my mind, the nature of 
the faculty and students at UCSD gives the in-
stitution a character quite comparable to a 
bordello. Except, of cou rse, in terms of stated 
intention . Naturally, I will exemplify and 
e labo rate this curious business. 

I' m taking a film course this quarter . This course 
is unique in my educational experience for one 
special reason . It is the first course I've taken 
where the students dpenly, literally, and actually 
whine . aturally , though in contrast to normal hip 
bravura , they whine over grades. To taste the full 
flavor needs some background. The class is about 
a particular perspective of film . That is, to 
fa c ilitate in the student the capacity to analyze 
film in terms of ideological propaganda content. 
Considering the cultura l influence of fi lms, it is 
clear to anyone not " in the life" that this is an 
operational perspec t ive of immense value . Also , it 
is a pe rspective the typical college student/C itizen 
is not adept in'. In other words, the subject holds 
prom ise of mean ing, relevance, and lively 
ed ucat ion . 

It was demo nstrated with in the first we ek that 
the ma jority of st udents did not competently 
understand the perspective . As average vi ctims, 
we basicall y reacted to movies as s imple star-
studded entertainme nt . Fine. Ignorance is not 
always ommunisti c . If we did o perationally 
understa nd the pe rspective, we theore ti ca lly 
wou ldn 't be in the class. 

uver the first few weeks student participation in 
the class increasingly diminished . For three 
reasons: class structure, class environment, and 
st udent pussyfoot. The structure of the class was 
that t he teache r would begin the class asking for 
comme nts o n the films. He'd get about half a 
dozen, but he did n't respond to them . Students 
wou ld say th ings- freque ntly bana l, somet imes 
outrageous, and occas ionally really interest ing. 
All of which were accepted by the teacher w ithout 
response The n he wou ld give "is a naiys is, 
CUrious ly co mparab le to the Voice o f God . 

onsequently, bei ng pragmatic, the students 
wo uldn' t say anyth ing until the teache r indicated 
the pa rty Ilnf' . The cla ss environme nt was 
defe nsive. You had to defend aga in st dea r hea rt's 
indignation like, " I don't kno w how you ex pect me 
to know about the ghetto, since I've never been 
thert' (and don 't intt'nd to eve r go there) ." Defe nd 
again st the c lever snideness of some students 
who, careful to stay within the bounds of the 
teacher's position , wou ld murmur ridic ul e a t other 
students. Defend a~ainst , as o ne st ude nt put it , 
the soc iology m,, !or's righteousness . Student 
pussyfoo t is demonstrated by students who had 
th ing to say but didn' t wa nt to expose the ir 
se lves. For examp le , there a re about 50 people in 
the c lass and the t acher wi II sometimes interrupt 
himself a nd ask, "How ma ny agree With tha t? (S 

people raise hands}. How many dlsagree~ (5 
people raise hands). How many don't think~(3 
people raise hands}. 

The teacher agreed the class had aspects of 
Orwellian romper room. It was suggested a 
student analysis group might work as an anti~y 
against the growing ennui in the class. That IS, 
sometime after the films and before the class, a 
group of interested students mi8ht informally 
come together to analyze the films-without the . 
teacher's participation. This might serve three 
purposes. One, it would give students an o~ 
portunity; through discussion, to articulate the~r 
personal critical responses to the films . Second, It 
might increase ~he stude.nrs level of com~tenc;y, . 

'through the synergistic dynamiC that two ~eads 
are better than one, in a difficult and crUCially 
valuable technique of critical analysis. Third , 
through consensual validation or strength in 
numbers it might actually increase student 
particip;tion in class and consequently give life to 
the class. Not a bad idea, all in all. Integrate 
response to the idea with the whine. 

NO'one was naive e nough to think the students 
would come together of their own initiative. It 
would take teacher facilitation , which he did, by 
announcing in class that after the next films it 
might be a good idea to try the idea . Pleasantly 

nough , the announcement happened to coincide 
with the fact that a written criticism was required 
of the next film for a GRADE. This explains what 
little success the idea had . About a dozen 
students stayed, scattered, after the film . In-
credibly, the teacher had to tell the dozen 
scattered, "Don't be afraid , it's okay to come 
together," before we moved together into a group. 
The teacher left and 3 students fo llowed him 
because they wou ldn' t stay without his paternal 
chaperone . 

Considering the shyness and tentativeness that 
goes a long with a first meeting, the group was a 
success . Ideas came out and prejudices were 
broken . The follow ing week the written crit icisms 
were returned and it was immediately clear the 
teacher hadn 't fooled around in grading them. At 
thi s point the whine began . It was a n incredible 
display. The perverts rose in chorus. They accused 
the t eache r of demanding vomit from t hem, an 
interesting form of Catch 22. Because this was one 
o f the very few clas es where vomit was not 
encouraged . Not necessarily discouraged, but at 
lea t it was optional. One young lady climaxed the 
wh ine with a certain coy radical chic when she 
accused th e teacher of grading as he did because 
he was " love starved." Behind the hooker whine is 
the fact that no on e has stayed to disc uss since the 
first meetin g. 

Stude nts as whores. Whores who atrophy in 
delight. Who res who whine in complaint when the 
pimp don' t treat them right. Students who won ' t 
roc k their de rri eres with thought. Students who 
respon sibl y respond to a n opportunity for change 
with, as o ne young lady succ inctly put it: "Why 
bother? We're not getting a mark for it." 

How do the pimps pimp? Tawdrily . Consider the 
clowns who des ign their courses in ignorance of 
education and altent ion to thie resumes . For 
exampl e, the clown who required that seven thick, 
dense text books be read for hi s lectured exercise 
in boredom and then pulled a 360 question test on 
h is students. Consider the communications 
teac he r who gives a 1S essay, o ne hour midterm 
stru c tured so no one has time to fini sh the 12 part 
first essay. Aft erwards, of course, saying "Sorry 
a bout that ," The t eache r who lec tures, chapter by 
witty chapter, 

Continued on Page 7 

MEDICAL SCHOOL ASPIRANTS ........... 

LA PALOMA Ovel 40,000 men and women will ap ply to American medical 
schools t lis year, but only about 14 ,000 will be accepted . 

QU2 .li f iprl rllnriidates have a valid alternative : medical 
educatio 1 in Europe. For information all': upplicat ion forms 
(oPPorlunit ies a lso available for veterinary and dentistry 
candidat ~sl. contact the information office: 

INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL 
MEDICAL EDUCATION 

ProviSionally chart ered by the Regen ts of the Universi ty of the State 
of New York . 

40 E. 54 St., New York 10022, (212) 832·2089 
Polge 2 Triton Times february 24, 1975 

~ACI"C COAlY HWIr • • ' '' 'IT. ,H(INfTAI7S~nJJ 

Letters 
Forum Open to All 

The Socialist Forum is a non-
sectarian, non-exclusive UCSD 
center for students, staff and 
faculty committed to the 
development and promotion of 
socialist theory and practice. 

While committed to taking no 
specific " pol itical line," the 
Forum does not exclude the 
possibility ot, or even the 
responsibility for, taking positions 
and action on key social issues. 

Decisions of the Forum will be 
made by consensus of those 
members present at regularly 
announced meeting to be held at 
least once a month . 

Membership is defin ed as 
anyone who s igns the Forum 
roster, contributes S1 to SS an-
nu a lly de pe nding on abi lity to 
pay , and agrees with the general 
non-sectarian socia l is! foc us of 
the Forum . 

The Forum will start with the 
following minimum prn~ram : 

-Hold monthly open meeting 
on topics of general interest to 
both the membership and to the 
university community in general , 
including presentation of 
research by faculty and students 
as well as reports from specific 
groups engaged in work on 
campus and in the San Diego 
community. 

-Sponsor or co-sponsor one 
major campus-wide program per 
quarter . 

-Sponsor and encourage the 
formation of speci fic lecture 
series, films, discussion groups, 
research and action projects . 

A talk by Herbert Marcuse , 
"Wh at Is Socialism" will be given 
toni ght in the Reve ll e Cafeteria at 
8 pm . It is being sponsored by the 
Socialist r orum. 

THE SOCIALIST roRUM 

Humanities Should Go ~p IF 
The requirements at Revelle 

Co llege are needed greatly . The 
world ca n do without people who 
get out of co ll ege and are 
restricted to one fie ld . This is one 
of the disadvantages of rising 
technology. Revelle has tried to 
preserve a well-rounded person 
wh ic h , admittedly, takes more 
work . 

I have one suggest ion : Make 
, Humanities Cou rses Pass/ Fail. 

The idea of the Humanities is to 

learn the materia l, but also the 
writing requirements . If th e 
papers were graded Pass/ Fai l, the 
writing requiremt'nts au ld still 
b met . Since the basis of most 
grades (final) in Humanities ar 
the papers , a nd there a re about 
fifteen different T A's, most of 
one's grade depends upon the T A 
By changing to Pass/ Fai l, the 
learning could be done, a nd the 
grading could be fair . 

. JOHN ADL ER 

The content of the Triton Times opinIOn pale ..... 
!Ubrriissions from the UCSD community. So far this YHt ..... 
pteces submitted to the Editorial Director have bHn lItinMl. If 
yOU arf! contemplatina writing a piece, or are disyti~iftI with 
the opinion pieces you read, set yourself down and puI 
something into words. If you need some direction Of ....,.. 
coura~nt, contact Charles H.,·imler, EditorWitDil'KlOr 

JUNIORS 
CAREER MEETINGS 

Graduate and Professional Schools 
Feb. 25 7·9 p.m.' USB 2622 

****************** Employment after 'Graduation 
Feb. 26 7-9 p.m. USB 2622 

****************** Representatives will be available from Academic Depart-
ments, Career Education & Planning, Grad .... te Dean's Office 
and Revelle Provost Office. Students from Muir, Third, and 
Fourth College are welcome! 

Sponsored by Revelle .'CoIlege Dun's Office 

POLITICS:' I~ames G. Sot9i 
Presidential Ambitions 

The past two or three weeks have been a time of unprecedented pre-
electoral political activity for a non-election year. In the Democratic 
party, the two apparent frontrunners for the Democratic presidential 
nomination have announced their candidacy a full eighteen months 
before the convention . In the Republican party, the Right is getting 
nervouS . It appears that the president has no inclination to neither 
pursue conservative policies, nor to become popular enough to win a 
presidential election . 

The Democrat, 
On Monday, Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen announced that he was 

th rowing his hat into the ring for the presidential sweepstakes. Bentsen 
has been characterized as a conservative Democrat, but that label is 

by Paulette Francis 

A small Black Students Union committee has 
organized a Black Consciousness Week to com-
memorate contributions to SOcielY made by black 
men and women beyond those of George 
Washington Carver and Booker T. Washington. Its 
aim is not only to educate blacks and the com-
munity in the richness of black culture, but also to 
inform them on issues of social, economic, and 
political interest . The week will be highlighted with 

Tomorrow is Ku slchag-Ulia Day (Day of Splf-
Determination ) whic h Will beg in with a noon panpi 
di scussion In the Stude nt Center Confer n ee Room 
by black UC San Diego staff m pmbe rs A Ulack 
faculty and admin istration di scuss ion will behe ld In 
the evenin g. 

Ujima Day (Day of Collective work dnd 
Responsibility) is Wednesday Expected at the rtOo n 
affair at the Revelle Forma l Lounge are Kpn 

The. Third Reporter BSU announces plans for Blacll Consciousness Week. 
n~ nec~~ri~ap~ka~~Be~senvo~dapinst~e~Tandv~ed~ _~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
cut some of the oil depletion allowance. Not too many Taxans, no 
matter what their political stripe, consider it a wise move to vote 
against the oil industry. Bentsen is more conservative, however, than 
any ot the announced candidates and his campaign seems to be well 
oi led in terms of money and organization. He has slowly been building 
a political base in the South-west and the South . The fact that he 
hasn't had much of an opportunity to stick h is toot in his mouth, has to 
be considered as one of the keystones to any success . 

Ten days ago, Washington's senior senator, Henry Jackson, did the 
expected by declaring his intentions to become a candidate for 
president. Jackson has worked hard these past few months. touring the 
country, helping out Democrats raising money. Last fall, Jacksonmade a 
stop here in San Diego to raise money and support' tor Colleen 
O'Connor , who tried to unseat Congressman Bob Wilson . Though hpr 
campaign was not successful, you can be sure ,that when 1~76 rolls 
around, many Democrats are going to remember Henry ladson. 

Ri ght now Jackson appears to be the frontrunner among Democrats . 
Though campaigning has not seriously started, Jackson appears to have 
the stro ngest position of the tour other Democrats who have made the 
big move. He continues to be the strongest Democrat in trial poll s 
agai nst Pres ident Ford. and his own power case is growing larger with 
every foray into formerly hostile te rritor ies . He was once Known as a 
"hawk" and conservative . Dispite his generally liberal voting record ; 
Jac kso n has worked hard to e rase his previous reputation , and is now 
considered to be a solid m iddl e of the road Democrat. Though in past 
year s th is could have been a millstone around the neck of any 
Democrat who had preSidential aspirations; most De mo crats are now 
more interested in winning than in waging ideological warfare . Today 
Jac kson represents the most Democrats from all factions of the party, 
an d h i momentum seems to be growing with every third rate chicken 
d inne r he ha s the misfortune of attend ing . 

The Republicans 
In the Republican party, recent meetings by conservative e lements 

co ntinue to indicate that eithe r President Ford will be se riously 
ch all e nged by a top conservative (read that Rona ld Reagan), or that 
a major third party I"ffort will be launched with a major figure of the 
Right leading the c rusade, (read that Ronald Reagan) . Last weekend, 
the Young American s for rreedom and the American Conservative 
Union, thl" trongest and most powerful national conservative 
o rganizations, he ld a politic al action conference in Washington to 
disc uss the options open to the nation 's Right in the upcoming year . 

a speech by Stokely Carmichael on Sunday evening. Msemaji, from Niai. San Diego City Counci lman 
Leon Williams, and the Ulima Dancer.s. 

Each day of Black Consciousness Week will focus 
on one of the Seven Principles put forth by 
Maulana Ron Karenga . Today is Umoja Day (Unity 
Day). The Sharpe Dance Troupe, poetry, art 
di splays, and a musica l performan ce by Brothers of 
the Universe are all scheduled to start at noon on 
the Student Center lawn , weather permitting. 
Dramatic interpretation, poetry, and Bli\.ck films 
will be presented at an evening program \0 take 
place at USB 2622 at 6:30. 

Ujima Day will be followed by Ujama Day (Day 
of Cooperative Economics) , and Nia Day (Day of 
Purpose) . Included in Friday's Nia Day celebrat ion 
will be the Watts Youth Choir and a dance at 201 
Me. 

The last day of tbe celebration will end with t he 
talk by Carmichael at 6 :30 pm Sunday in the 
Humanities Library Auditorium . 

CIIAHTEHS 
... ... it~dMic ... _ 

1 SO 1IIptI .. l1li0"- $3 50 
lONOON '"'" ••••••• round "., 
Aho to "~$TE.DAM. '.USSELS. I.HANO. 
'UNK'UIT-IUIIO' '489 
AI,o . Honi Kong .. . 

291-8141 
0 ... ~." ,,~ If 1111. 

D~u~~~ 
" ... " I, .. I • 

101,,1,.., Vollty-EqullCblt eidg 
1333 Comino del Rio South 

5.D" (192101 

CATCH UP 
in UCSD Summer Session 
Schedule of classes now 
availabl e 
101 Matthews Campus (second 
floor) 

UCSD Receives Grant From Dupont 
UC San Diego has received a private grant from 

the Du Pont Company to aid chemistry research 
and teaching it has been announced by Chan-
cellor McElroy. 

UCSD received a $6,000 Du Pont Science and 
Engineering grant in chemistry to support researc.h 
and teaching in that department. The grant IS 
unrestricted and it is up to the discretion of the 
department as to how it will be applied through its 
program. UCSD is one of 164 colleges, universiti es 
and other educational programs to 'Share in 
educational aid grants totaling 53 million from the 
Du Pont Company of Wilmington, Delaware. 

According to Du Pont, grants to departments of 
chemical and mechanical engineering have in' 
creased markedly over 1973 levels. The major 
reasons for the increases are a lower level of 
enrollments and the growing importance of 
engineering disciplines, the company said. 

Many of those who attended the national conference, including the 
national chairman of 'the Young Americans fo r Freedom , Ron Docksai, L-~~~~~~~~~~---' 

Because the Army is the 
largest branch of the military, 
we have the largest number of 
posts and duty statio ns around 
the world . felt '. inevitabl e that the Rig ht once and for a ll must quit the major 

parties and form their own movement. Some may consider this a move 
to abandon a sinking sh ip. It is the intent of those accused , that the 
ship be sunk . 

In Californ ia , a statewide Re publican onvention saw conservatives 
reaffi rm the ir control. of the nation's strongest Republi ca n party. 
Apparently, State Attorney General Evelle Younger is the only major 
Republican who is willing to support President Ford for re-election . The 
rest of the party brass is solidly behind Ronald Reaga n, whose recent 
exploits as a iounalist have received, for the most part, a positive 
response. Large numbers of the nation's conservatives reside in what is 
ca lled by Republicans, the Sun Belt. Reagan is strongest here and in the 
Great Pla ins states . If Ford hopes to win in 1976, he is going to have to 
win where Reagan is strongest, because if he doesn 't, he cannot hope 
to stop the rising tide of populism now irrigating the country . 

Mild GOP Recovery 
In recent development s 'on Capitol Hill , the GOP has reduced the 

mammoth Democratic margin in the House by two. A conserv ative 
Democrat from Oklahoma, fed up with the recent reorgani zation o f 
the Ho use by liberals, defected to the Republicans. And a special 
election in Loui siana gave a Democratic seat to the Republican 
challa nger . The Re publi can won the original election but there were 
reports that ballots had been tampered with . The special election , 
called for by a federal judge, gave the Republican an even larger 
victory. Finally in the Senate, the New Hampshire contro,versy con-
tin ues With no e nd in sight. 

Stud'ents, Faculty, and Staff! 
Wednesday and Thursdays 

10·5 
SICKLE CELL 
SCREENING 

Sponsored by Black Science Students Org. 
Think lbout it! 1 out of .... IJ 4 people of 

color hive the trait. 1 out of .... IJ 
200 whites hi .. the triit. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

3Z1 F. Street 
PAYS DONORS 

for service 
Mon.-Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

}obsFor 
Summer 
Look 
Promising 

Informed sources report thal 
SUlJlmer job opportunities for 
college students "look good" this 
year . National Parks . Dude 
Ranches . Guest Resorts . Priyate 
Camps. and other tourist areas 
throughout the nation are now 
seeking student applications . 

Summer job placement coordi-
nators at Opportunity Research 
(SA P) report that despite nat ional 
economics tourist areas are 
looking for a record season. Polls 
indicate that people may not go 
for the big purchases such as new 
cars. new homes. fumiture or 
appliances. but most appear to be 
planning for a big vacation. 

A free booklet on student job 
assistance may be obtained by 
sending a self-addressed stamped 
envelope toOpportunity Re earch, 
Dept. SJO. SS Flathead Dr . . 
Kali pell. MT 59901. Student job 
seekers are urged to apply earl y! 

• a' ~ 
.a 
fa 
I 
I ' 

13 
t~ 
E 

Which means more 
locations for you to choose from . 

You may be stationed near 
big ci ties like New York . Seattle • 
or Dallas. Or in the mountains 
of Colorado. or near a California 
beach 

You may be stationed in 
Alaska, Hawaii , Korea , Europe, 
or Panama. 

You'll have a chance to get 
to know the people. learn a 
language . and gain experiences 
to remember throughout your 
lifetime . 

Dela yed Entry Program. 
You can ign up now, and 

take up to 270 days to report 
for duty . 

j·t 
CALl: Sgt. Milton Ford 

270·2501 
U. S. Arm y Recruiting 

1600 N. BrOoldway 
Santa Ana , Col,92706 

Triton Times February 24, 1975 Pale 3 



Gates Scores 22 
Ruggers Down Anteaters, 30-3 

by P~I WiI..,er 

The men '~ Rugby team 
displayed one of the most rapid 
turnabouts in playing style last 
Saturday in their ~3 victory over 
UC Irvine. 

Ahead 24-3 at halftime, coach 
Peter Sertic stated that although 
his team held a comfortable 
margin over Irvine, he was 
disappointed in his squad ' s 
performance. While in the midst . 
of his statement, Fergol O'Geara 
was completing a spectacular 
downfield rush which resulted in 
the only score of the second half 
by either side. 

-nle Church'Of Comervation 
Invites You To Be An 

ORDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR Of NATUREPEDICS 

Our fast growing church i 
ctively seeking environment 

ncious new ministers wh 
lieve what we believe : Ma 

hould exist in harmony wit 
ature. We are a non-structure 
aith , undenominational. with n 
raditional doctrine or dogma . 

efits for ministers are : 
1. Car Emblem and Pocket I.D . 
2. Reduced rates from man 

otels, motels, restaurants , ca 
ental ~gencies , etc . Ou 
irectory lists over 1,000 prestig 
stablishments el<tending an 
utomatic cash discount . 
3. Perform marriages, baptisms, 

funerals and all other ministerial 
functions . 

4. Start your own church and 
apply for exemption from 
property and other taxes. 

Enclose a free-wi II donation for 
the minister'S credentials and 
pocket license. Your ordination is 
recognized in all 50 states and ' 
most foreign countries. 

CHURCH Of CONSERVATION, 
BOl( 375, MARY UTHER, 
FLORIDA 32569. 

The game was dominated by 
the Triton's offense, as the team 
managed to spend mQst of its 

ZEPHYR MISSING 
REWARD 

CAU BOB 755-8862 

time deep in the Anteater's zone. 
During the first half, the Tritons 
were abfe to score at will ; making 
five tries and two conversions. 
Bill Gates accounted for four of 
the tries and both conversions . 
He added another conversion 
during the second half, giving 
him a total of 22 points for the 
afternoon . 

The second half was almost a 
carbon copy of the first half as 
the Ruggers were continuously in 
the Anteater's zone . However, the 
Ruggers were unable to put 
together a scoring drive. Their 
lone score came after an Irvine 
player tried to kick the ball deep 
into the Triton zone, only to have 
the ball slide off the side of his 
foot and into the arms of an open 
San Diego player . 

The match was considerably 
easier for the Tritons who had a 
tough time last week against San 
Diego State. The game was a 
defensive battle which saw the 
Tritons snatch a 6-4 victory from 
the Aztecs . The Tritons next 
home match is on March 16 
against Pomona College at 1 pm 
on the Muir field . 

by Dave Eisen 

People must be beginning to 
wonder if UC San Diego's 
Basketball team is using radar to 
improve their field goal per-
centage as the Tritons shot 
brilliantly once again, in 
destroying L.A . Baptist, 115-85 
Saturday night . In putting 
together their top point output of 
the season, UCSD shot 65 percent 
from the floor . 

Bad news was mixed in with the 
good, however, as the Triton 
Times has learned that the 
basketball play-off chances have 
gone down the drain because of 
an ineligible player. The Tritons 
would have met Redlands in the 
opener of the NAIA District III 
play-offs on Th ursday . 

Tuesday night, the Tritons play 
USIU here at the UCSD gym, 
although it is a USIU home game . 
The game may determine first 
place in the league; but it means 
little as the Tritons can 't advance 
to the playoffs . 
. Against L.A. Baptist, the game 

was not nearly as close as the 

joe Coil 

RAIL SALE 
San Franciscn Seattle Portland 

Our new round-trip coach Excur ion Fares offer the biggest savings in Amtrak history. 
Compare them to the pIal ,'-, bu or even driving - and you'll go by train. Go soon, Go vi it 
the family. See old friends or new places. Leave any day in the week. But you must stay 
at least 7 and no more than 21 days from date of departure, Pick up your Rail Sale bargain 
soon. Amtrak Excur ion Fare valid through June 1 Lth. 

For reservations, ca ll your Trave l Agent or 
Amtrak listed in the Yellow Pages under Railroads, 

We're making the t:raim worth traveling again. 

P.ge 4 Triton Times February 24, 1975 

Triton Found Ineligible 
Laver Captures La Costa Title 

by Dave Eisen rocket" aid , "Sorry , I lust don t 
have the time It won 't fit Into m y 
schedule " So much fo r the an 
Diego franchi e 

Steve Kirther 
final 30 point margin would 
indicate . The Tritons jumped to a 
39-13 lead midway through the 
first half , and had trouble 
arousing itself for the remainder 
of the contest. Paul Trainer, using 
his height advantage, made the 
early baskets that then put UCSD 
ahead to stav. Trainer scored 10 
points in the first five minutes, 
and ended up hitting 14 of 18 
shots for 31 points . He added a 
game high 13 rebounds . . 

Guard Steve Kircher hit 10 for 
10, mo~tly from long range, as he 
cored 20 points . Joe Coit was 11 

for 1&, putting in 24 . Mallory 
Mitchell broke his own record 
established earlier this ye.ar 
.against LIFE . college with 13 
assists . 

Coach Cunningham was happy 
with his squad's performance, but 
sa id , "we really lost our intensitv 

Continued on P~le 6 

by kirk Robin50n 

_~I""J_ Vilrsity Balketbilll teOlm 
ineligible for the NAIA 

II Plilyo·fh yesterdily. The 
made bec:ilUse of the piIIr-
of an ineligible player in 

games. 
was to play Redlilnds in iI 

game ThursdilY night, but 
will finish their selSon 
against USIU. 

centered around 
"P'arker; who appillrently duped 

c Depillrtment and the 
into believing he was iI 

student. 
at one point showed 
Coach Bob McCook iln 
Card, showing thilt he WilS 
the minimum 12 units 

to compete in intercotlegiilte 
Parker even attended dillses 

of the other players, 
Mondily practices beCiluse of 
" But when the eligibility 

came in from the Regishilr's 
Parker will not listed U iI 
. Since Parker hild plilyed for 

THE SPOR CALENDAR 
D.t. T ..... 

Mon. 21214 ....... 11 
T ..... 2121 Men'.T.nnl. 
Til ... 2121 JV ... ketbell 
Tu • . 2121 ... k.,.,." 
FrI. 21a 0"" 

Frt. 21a Wom.n'. B •• ketb." 
F,t. 21a.S.t. 3/1 M.n'.T.nnl. 
Set. 3/1 11 ••• .,.11 

UCSD THEA 
LATE 

ZI 
Sam Shepard and 

of violence, SIX 
under the 

UCSD THEA 
MON-FRI 

loc.tlon 

Ol.mond 
Mul,Cte. 
M.lnOym 
M.lnOym 
Murletta 
Hot SlIrlntI. 
MelnOym 
Mul,Ct., 

PltrertDHI Ol.mond 

'RESENTS ... 
L 
ZAGS 

8:00 PM 
provide a collage 
. native fantasy 

rd Poyourow. 

TS, 
ENERAL 

XOFFICE (203) 
12:30- 4:30 

TI .... 

3pm 
4pm 
Ipm 
Ipm 
1pm 

4:30pm 
AltO.v 
Noon 

Mack Parker 130) shoo ling over ' 
Point Loma defender in a jV win. 

both the Vilrsity ilnd ,V te~m5, it milde 
UCSD inelilible for post SU50n play 
under NAIA reJul~tions. 

As 500n as Parleer w~s discovered, 
UCSD "blew the whistle on ourselves," 
~ccordinl to Athletic Director Howilrd 
Hunt . Hunt presented the c~se to the 
Elilibility Committee, which then 

m~de the ruling. 
He~d (o~ch Bilrry Cunntngham 
h~d litlle to s~y ilbout the rulinl 
except th~t he "expected it." He felt 
there WilS nothing else the committee 
could do, but declilre the Tritons 
ineligible due to Pilrker's pl~y. 

Cunningh~m WiIS extremely 
dis~ppointed for the seniors on the 
team, saying they had worked ex-
tremely hilrd this eOlson to malee the 
playoffs. He was ~Iso Sild, bec~use he 
thought the Tritons had ~ good 

ch~nce to win the Tourney, iI5 the 
team has been plilyinl it's best billI 'of 
the season, 

Guard Steve Kircher was ~Iso 
disappointed, but 5~id the team would 
try to finish the season with a win 
alainst USIU tomorrow night. 

The San Diego area is full of 
outstanding tennis players . Some 
play for UCSD and others were 
battling in the third annual 
Michelob-Pro-Celebrity Tennis 
Classic, at the La Costa Hotel last 
week. 

Rod Laver was the eventual 
winner, in tourney director Ted 
Schroeder ' s successful tour -
nament . A capacity crowd of 
4100 saw Laver dismantle Allan 
Stone , &-2, &-2, Saturday ; 
collecting S12,OOO. A national 
television audience saw it on NBC 
yesterday . 

When celebritie s play tennis 
for money, they don ' t play like 
celebrities . Merv Griffin , George 
Peppard , Clint Eastwood, Chad 
Everett, Bill Cosby, and Burt 
Bacharach were playing for 
blood . Rick Nelson , who was a 
nationally ranked jun ior 
sometime around when they were 
making Ozzie and Harriet , won in 
the finals with h is partner Ray 
Ruffles , over Lloyd Bridges and 
Roy Emerson . 

Also, ii you are playing Rod 
Laver in San Diego, the c rowd 
doesn 't like you . That ' was 
Roscoe Tanner 's problem in the 
semi-finals . Ace after ace came 
off the racket of Tanner , but all 
he got was silence. Beaten and 
downtrodden , Tanner was 
whipped 7-6, 6-4 . 

A couple of other things about 
Mr. Laver . He doesn 't like Jimmy 
Connors, and he's not going to 
play World Team Tennis in San 
Diego . 

Reasons for Roots. 
No.4. Naturally shaped toes. 
Roots roomy uppers aren 't shaped like ordinary 
shoes. But they are shaped like ordinary feet. Your 
toes will stay healthfolly uncrowded. 

The Sport Root, 
one of 10 styles. 

Sold only at Roots shops. 
Gift certificates available. 
Now Open Sundays 12 pm - 5 pm. 
10909 Kinross Ave.. Vkstwood Village (213) 478-0101 
1218 Pmsped St., La Jolla, Calif. (714) 459-5000 

City feet need Roots. 

W hat I. Capitalism? 
two lectures by Herbert Marcuse 

followed by small diScussion groups 
Today, Feb. 24: "American Capitalism in Crisis." 

Monda" March 3: lithe Socialist Alternative!" 

Both bqin at 8 pm. in the revelle cafeteria 
S,....- .. tIN SUlIat fInI. 

Aclion al La Cosla 

"Jimmy's just chickening out, " 
said Laver of the c hances of a 
rematch of the ir c hallen ge 
contest earlier this month . " I 
think he's a little worried or 
nervous . He won't even give me 
the courtesy of a reply ." 

Laver was drafted by th e San 
Diego fran chise of WWT, who 
had hoped to sign him ; but "the 

The tournament was filled With 
a IJsual quota of complaint , 
Tanner didn 't like the money 
Laver didn ' t like the Wind I 
thought th food was too f'X -
pensive . 

The week 's high lig ht 
was Torben Ulrich In case yo u 
haven 't heard of the man, he IS 46 
years old, and plays regularly o n 
the World Championship of 
Tennis (WCT) tour . He has long 
hair, molded into a pony tail mid -
way down hiS back, With an Abe 
Lincoln beard He spends as 
much time en tertaining the 
spectators as he does defeating 
opponents less than half hiS age 

All in a ll , it was fun , interesting. 
and exciting. 

lust to set the record straight, 
the th ree La Costa winners have 
now been La ver , John 
Newcombe, and of course, Co hn 
Dibly. 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

(PlAGI ............ 

I 
The unofficial Fly With u~ for 
state bird , PSA, has a song to eleven cilles 
more · flights connecting Wanttocatcha PSA Gnnning-
northern ard southern Cali- bird? That's easy. Just catch 
fornia than any other air.line.· up with your campus rep . 

....... ,.. .... 

Palmtronic F-5 calculator 
from Canon features 

• Fealures all Ing. I09. conllersion 
and exponenllal func l lons 

• Lets you choose display alone 
or display With pnnler • micrcrprogrammed keys 

for trig, inverse trig, expo-
nential , log, powe~ 
reciprocal , 

• Computes In totally algebraiC 
logiC 

• High speed tWCH:oIor pnnl lng 

square root 
andpi 
functions 

• live 
memory, 
lHligit 
capacity 

• "flip-flop:' 
sign change, 
reverse keys 

e.,.ol. ' .10' Scutntlflc/englneerlng 
prin ter With h.rd-wlred function 
keys . For the same feature. WIth 
d isplay. see our F· l0. 

Statidically speaking, itls the 
Number One choice. 
Cenol. F·2O!' electron.c 
printing calculator for 
.tatlltlcalanalySis 'e.tu ... 
• all ,"put and output with. 

slnole touch of a key 
• Slmphclty of operatIon 
• al l Input and oulput labeled 

tor easy idenllficatlon 
.Iully buHered keyD08rd 

.... ~ 

8880 
1_' g.YfO . S ... ft'WIOl.o '" 01 "0" po IIG Of 

pcJ " Pd dillQ Io)G dfo!,""· . ' (~l" 
10q0t .! il1I'I\ ,ft 1H'.'''',I''f \ ~I "O 

l ogor.tl\~ , 0.1,,1'1"" , _ 'P"':J 
~ Ol ... '\ L III ;M ' " ",,, ",\ i. 'leO' 
R''''f~''O'' "Of,!, t · \~ ""00 h' "U" 

• o.!,u" . ", ~ (011"01 ' 0 1 [ Of"lt •. , 
,·Oc;.I,.,'hl·" U~, O)f(I "'Of I' f ' 

St:J!'IdOtCl Ot~ ' O' 0" " dt'. ' '''1 p., ,,,,, 
£ M"'tt', ,.... ' '110 Ptooo . 't ... 

O. ,Ub\i I O" l tHo!. ·"'· .... " 1 ~ 'tI 1 \.0( 
" ' • . " ~\ 5,''' '-.00 <J t"o o' ·ft, Mr 
~~" ' M. . "'" Y, 

101 ,.., ... V"" fOO ~ 
. , 

BALBOA OffiCE INUaIOR5,J.NC 
7'JOS Enaineer R(NId 
SAn OieJo, c..lilom!. .2111 
714-S60-10S1 

Triton Times F~brlUlry 24, "75 P~le 5 



Bird Feathers 
Secretary of toe Interior Rogers C. B. Morton issued a policy 

statement conce<'ning Indian cultural and religous use of migratory 
bird feathers and parts. Following are excerpts from the statement: 
. "I am aware that American Indians are presently experiencing 
uncertainty and confusion over the application of Federal bird 
protection laws tn Indian cultural and religious activities. Apparently, 
this confusion and concern may have resulted, in part, from this 
Department's enforcement activities under such laws. This statement 
is intended to clarify the Department of the Interior's responsibilities 
and intentions, and to ease the minds of American Indians. 

"As a result of meetings between agencies of the Department of 
the Interior, the Association for American Indian Cultural and 
Traditional Activities, and others, I can assure American Indians that 
our policy is to permit them to engage in the following activities 
without fear of Federal proseuction, harassment, or other in-
terference. 

"1. American Indians may possess, carry, use, wear, give, loan, or 
exchange among other Indians, with compensation, all federally 
protected birds, as well as their parts or feathers . 

"2. American Indians who wish to possess bird feathers or parts to 
be worked on by tribal craftsmen for eventual use in Indian religous 
or cultural activities may transfer such feathers or parts to tribal 
craftsmen without charge, but such craftsmen may be compensated 
for their work . 

"However, the Department of the Interior will continue to enforce 
against all persons those Federal laws prohibiting the killing, buying 
or selling of eagles, migratory birds , or endangered species, as well as 
those laws prohibiting the buying or selling of the parts or feathers of 

s~ch birds and animals . 
" I encourage American Indians to express their identity and to 

freely pursue their cultural and religious practices . At the same time, 
I encourage them to support the purposes of the Federal bird 
protection laws. There is much work to be accomplished to further 
clarify the rights and obligations of American Indians with respect to 
Federal bird protection laws, and special efforts will be made to 
conduct a two-way E'ducation process between Government em-
ployees and Indian communities . In addition , we have agreed to 
work in a spirit of cooperation with the Association for American 
Indian Cultural and Traditional Activities, and other interested Indian 
representatives, in order to harmonize the policies, practices, and 
procedures for enforcement of the Federal bird protection laws with 
the legitimate needs of Indians. This includes review of Federal 
regulations, with probable changes where the legitimate needs of 
American Indians can be legally recognized without harming 
federally protected birds. 

" In the past, one problem has been that legitimate sources of 
feathers, which might have been available to the Department for 
distribution to American Indians , have not been fully utilized . We are 
presently developing better procedures to collect and distribute eagle 
feathers from the Fish and Wildlife Service repository at Pocatello, 
Idaho, where feathers of eagles found dead are stored . In addition, 
we will make an effort to distribute the feathers and parts of other 
migratory birds to Indians . 

"I hope that this statement will help to take away the uncertainty 
and confusion presently experienced by American Indians. I hope 
also that our efforts will encourage tradition, culture, and religous 
activiti es among American Indians, while at the'same time promoting 
a mutual effort to protect and conserve federally regulated birds ." 

r------------------~-------------------I 

Present thiS coupon With your meal at tl)e 
unique Spice Rack Garden Restauranl In PaCifiC 
Beach and you II get rolled Free Take home half a 
dozen of the tastiest home·made rolls or muffins 
you VII ever mel ThiS offer IS good on Mondavs thru 
Thursdays until February 27 ~ 
YOU'RE GONNA LIKE THE CJt..,../" ~ 

A GARDEN RESTAURANT 

Mission Blvd . near Grand in Pacific Beach 
7 am-2 :30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Basketball 
five Downs 
lewis and Clark 

Continued from Pale 4 
late in the game. We had tlwm 
outmanned, but we didn't p)ay 
hard for the full 40 minutes." ;fhe 
Tritons were forced to play all but 
two minutes without forward 
George Calhoun, who was fouled 
while making a lay-up and hurt 
his bac:( . 

Earlier last week the Tritons 
knocked off the NAt's 23rd 
ranked team, Lewi~ and Clark. 
Cunningham felt it was one of the 
best game's the team has played 
all season . 

• ~~DIO';""'~ ~:- ' .. ~'-.• -
' . RADIO" t) ~ ~ ~ ..•. . . 

. IE'AII S'ECIAUSTS • ~ ..t.,.'C;IA( 
• TAPE UNITS · • . ... ,_".:".z.~ 
AM & FM STEREO . . ~A I 

TURNTABLES and: .. ~~t)~~ 
• 0 CHANGERS • ~ oN · • 

I ' harmonic distortion ~ 
'j we ' ll give 0 fr •• d i. tort lan 'ul '0 "fOyr 

.. 0 "componen, " o",pllfl.,. 0.: ,,(1, ~ 
: • • JUST UING this AD/ .... ~. 

, OPEN HON · SAl 930 · b 30 .. • ",r:??: : 
. 2216c~e g: 225-0333 ; 

}obsFor 
Summer 
Look 
Promising 

Informed sources repOrt that 
summer job opportunities for 
college students "look good" this 
year. Na tion al Parks , Dude 
Ranches, Guest Resorts, Private 
Camps, and other tourist areas 
throughout the nation are now 
seeking student applications. 

Summer job placement coo.di- -
nators at Opportunity Research 
(SAP) report that despite national 
economics tourist areas are, 
looking for a record season. Polls 
indicate that people may not go 
for the big purchases such as new 
cars , new homes, furniture or 
appliances, but most appear to be 
planning for a big vacation. 

A free booklet on student job 
assistance may be obtained by 
sending a self-addressed stamped 
envelope to Opportunity Research, 
Dept . SJO, 55 Flathead Dr., 
KalispelI, MT 59901. Student job 
seekers are urged to apply early I 

Hubbard •.. 
Continued 'rom Pale 1 expects to raise at least 5100,000 

for the September primary. The 
councilman has made no secret 
that he hopes to gather the 
support of developers, the 
construction industry, and labor. 
He said that his campaign will 
emphasize meeting with people 
rather than relying on a schedule 
of public debates, which 
characterized the Pete Wilson-Ed 
Butler contest of four years ago. 

back on the path to becoming 
another Los Angeles." 

Hubbard believes that the 
future of San Diego's growth lies 
in the so-called North-<:ity West, 
an area which includes University 
City, Torrey Pines, Sorrento 
Valley, and the UCSD neigh-
borhoods. According to Hubbard, 
the North-<:ity West has the 
potential to hold 30,000 people, 
"with managed growth ." The 
Councilman cited UCSD, the 
Sorrento Industrial complex, and 
the excellent transportation 
network as prime reasons for the 
potential of this area. 

Adding to the impending 
confusion is the fact that 
although there will probably be 
other candidates in the primary, 
both Wilson and Hubbard are 
Republicans . The traditional 
forces of support for either 
candidate will be hard to identify. 

Sl00,OOO 
H\.lbbard told reporters that he 

I ,. 

13 
til 
E 

Because the Anny is the 
largest branch of the military, 
we have the largest number of 
posts and duty stations around 
the world. 

Which means more 
locations for you to choose from . 

You may be stationed near 
big cities like New York, Seattle, 
or Dallas. Or in the mountains 
of Colorado. or near a California 
beach 

You may be stationed in 
Alaska, Hawaii, Korea, Europe, 
or Panama. 

You'l have a chance to get 
to know the people, learn a 
language, and gain ~XlJeriences 
to remember throughout your 
lifetime. 

Delayed Entry Program. 
You can ign up now, and 

take up to 270 days to report 
for duty. 

CALL: Sgt . Milton Ford 
270·2501 

u. S. Army Recruiting 
1600 N. Bro.idwilY 

Silntil Anil, Ca.92706 

BLACK CON'SCIOUSNESS WEEK 
ACTIVITIES ALL WEEK! 

_OJJr;r;». or, p.Ba VA. or -t 
Afternoon Program - Student Center Lawn 
M. C.'s Steve Wellington & Womuwayo Brooks 
12:00 ISisters of UCSD 

!,harpe Dance Troupe 
Poetry 
.A.rt Show 
Music by Brothers of the Universe 

Evening Program-
M. C, Womuwayo Brooks 
6:30 p.m. Dramatic Interpretation 

Poetry 
Films: "A Lutta Continua" 

"Code Blue" 
"Mongtomery to Memphis" 

More Info at Student Center X4020 
Pale 6 Triton Times February 24, 1975 

I' """\ 
Continued from Pale 1 

a book he wrote three years ago. These risque devils who'll cutely 
mention distant Watergate and absolutely delete any comment on the 
institutional fraud they perpetuate every day. The snide, posturing, 
advocates of doomsday sensation who drip academic sterility. 

Bicyclist Survey Results 
I beg your pardon, please don't get me wrong. Hey, krazy college, 

right? Most faculty are really keen, swe ll guys . Only they are lousy 
teachers. That doesn't matter. They all have marvelous expertise, in 
their specialities. 

They are not responsible for perverting education . That's not their 
field . The Future Shoclc statistic that the average student remembers 
less than 3 percent of class content six months afterward simply isn't in 
their province-it has nothing to do with their lectures . The only in-
stance of authentic student communication/ participation in one class 
being cheating on the "final ," is an administrative problem. The 
dissonance created between their boring, necropheiliac lectures and 
the psychological reality that "the degree of participation determines 
morale and satisfaction" is just hippy shi~, or is it Birch dung? It lacks 
academic rigor to suggest the quarter system of education is a pathetiC 
"liberal" attempt to repress student dissatisfaction and low morale; 
and that faculty are among the least altruistic groups in society as well 
as most fascist. 

Rather than consider yourself a whore or a pimp, would it be easier 
on your complacency to consider this an unempirical hysterical ex-
press ion? After all, as Spencer Tracy once said, "There's no such thing 
as a bad boy." Salute our precious victimhood, we are merely products 
of our environment. Let us be pragmatic, all the world, outside the 
ivory, is a bordello. ~ 

by Franlc bForge 

UC San Diego Business 
Manager Ken Bowers has released 
the results of a survey taken to 
determine Ithe problems and 
needs of UCSD bicyclists. The 
data obtained is important to the 
future of bicycle facilities on 
campus, Bowers said. 

According to Bowers, 400 
students who have their bikes 
registered on campus received 
questionnaires, and an additional 
50 were left at the Central Library. 
Nearly 45 percent of the cyclists 
responded. 

Off-Campus 
Of the off-campus students, 55 

percent considered ease of biking 
when choosing their homes. 
However, the survey indicated 
that walking is the most popular 
form of transportation on 
campus. This was laid to the high 
number of campus residents who 
answered the survey and were 
d ispleased with biking facilities . 
Recreation, transportation, and 
environmental preservation were 
the reasons most given for bik ing. 
Some reasons for not biking were 
the bad weather, lack of storage 
facilities, and the high risk of 
theft. 

Some of the more negative 
indicat ions: Only 7.1 percent of 
respondents had had their bikes 
stolen at UCSD. 11.3 percent 
reported accidents, and only 26 .6 

percent had bicycle insurancE' 
Positive Indlcationsi bO pE'rct'nt 

said they would like to ~E'E' 1m· 
proved bikeways on the m,l ," 
streets arou nd campus A \ltth' 
more than half of that would I ikt' 
bikeways on campus It wa\ 
indicated that people could li VE' 
farther from campus If bikeway' 
were improved . 

Photo Imports 
(omero Exchange 

"a real 
camera storen 

Buy-Trade-Repair 
8199 Clairmont 

Mesa Blvd. 
565-9995 

Hewlett-Packard introduces 
asmalleruDco~mising 
calculator: the HP-21 Sdentific. 

Now S 125 .00 buys: 
More power than our Hp·35. 32 pre-pro-
grammed fu nctions and operation~ vs . 2'2 for 
our HP-35. The HP-'21 performs a ll lo!-: and 
t rig function , the latter in radians or degrees . 
It's our on ly calculator hort of the IIP-45 that 
lets you : 
• convert polar to rectan gular coordinates, and 

back again C..,. P,..,.R)i 
• do full register arithmetic (M +, M -, M X, 

M..;.-); 
• calculate a common antilog ( lOX) with a 

single keystroke. 
The HP-21 also performs all basic data 

manipulations ( 1 lx, yX, vx, IT) and executes 
all pre-programmed functions in one second or 
less. In sum, it's desi gned to solve tomorrow 's 
problems as well as today's. 

Smaller size. 6 ounces vs. 9 ounces for our 
HP-35. 
Full display formatting. The display key (DSP) 
lets you choose between fixed decimal and 
scientific notation and lets you contro l the num-

$125.00: 

ber of place di splayed . (The H P-2 1 alw a ys 
uses a II 10 digits intcrna lIy .) 

If a number i~ too large or small for fi xcd 
decimal display, thc HP-'21 switchcs automati -
cally to scientific. It never conf u e a smaller 
number with zero. 

Finally, if you give the HP-'21 an imposs ihlc 
instruction, the D isplay spells E-r-r-o-r. 
RPN logic system. Here' what this unique 
logic ~ystern means for you : 
• You can evaluate any expression without 

copying parentheses, worrying about hierar-
chies or re -structuring beforehand. 

• Yo u can olve all problems your way-the 
way you now use w h en YOll lise a slide rule . 

• You solve all problems- no matter how com-
plex-one step at a time. You never work 
with more than two numbers at oncc. 

• You see all intermediate an \\fer immediately . 
T he IIP-21 executes each function immedi-
ately after you press the func tion key. 

• Yo u can easily backtrack wh en you err. The 
H P-'21 perform all operations equcntially. 

• YOll can re- use number \\'ithout re-e nteri ng 
them . The HP-21 becomes your scratch pad . 

H ·P quality c ra ft smanship. One reason o bel 
Prizc winner , a tro naut , conquerors o f Ever-
est, Amcrica's Cup navigato r and over 500,000 
other professionals own H -P calculators. 

Your bookstore will give you a demonstra· 
tion today. haJle ngc o ur ncw IIP-'2 1 with 
your problems. ee for yo urself how much pcr-
formance $125 .00* can buy. If your book~torc 
doesn ' t have the HP-'2 1 yet, call us at 0 0 -
538-7922 ( in Calif. 00-66 -C),0'2) fo r the 
name of a dealer who does. 

, J \.--< and <cr\' ice fmm In oih,c< in h< (nll!llne' 
Dept fi'l"::;. 1".1 10 Prllnc nd~(' Avcnllc. 1.1I['Crtmo, ( A\ '''Ill I 

'I :\u 

' 5Ul!C~'" "d ret;,,1 I'"U: t 'dudln~ ;'1'1'1 ... ;\"1,, .. ,:tlC ;lnti lu(;t) 1."""'-
Conllnen!>1 U. A, ,11",l. I'< I b" ... 

Triton Times Febru~ry 24, 1975 PoI.e 7 



---n-o-ti-c-es------W-rltI-ng-T-u-tCHS-Fo-r -F.-II-'"-: -In-te ... -ted--A-R-TI-IT-I-W-A-NTE-D-fO-r-the-H-orIz-on-------- what's happening 
Itlldenta Ihould .Pply now for.eI- Student.rttata coop. All .Fta It crefta FOURTH COLLEGE ATHLETEI: Men It 

ICHEDULE CHANCEl · SOCIOLOGY· 
Soc. 1G cheneed ~o Tul Th 3:00-4:. 
2D H&II; Soc. 1. ~ IWrtllht' chan.ed 
toTull:OO-1:GOZIM"& L 
NEW CLASS-· Soc. ,. IJu .... ROMtt.' 
... Sociology D .... rtm .... 71101 H&SS 
for Info. 121M' 

Stud.nt r.pr.l.llt.tlv.a of CAL 
WESTERN SCHOOl. OF LAW I.c· 
credhllted lnetltutto.,' will dlecu .. the 
echooi'l minority .. ,:rultment prog .. m 
with In __ ted .tudenta .t 1 p.m. Feb 
21. in Conference Room .t Student 
Center. IZ/M' 
The Triton TImM will elect • new editor 
on Februery 21. Applicenta .hould have 
_ .... r •• perlenc.. .nd form.r or 
cu""nt Triton Tim.. .t.ff pr.f.rred. 
Obtain Ref ... 1 from SEO. Applic.tlon. 
mu.t be rec.lv.d in offic. by 5:00 
Thu .. dey. Febru.ry D . IZ/ZI' 
Who '. Who Amonll Student. In 
Am.rlcen Col MIl" end Unweniti ••. 
Nomination forms .r. in ColI.g. 
O .. n·1 offic ••• nd the Stud.nt Info 
C.nt.r. Pick up .nd .. turn to r •• p.ctiv. 
otfic" by F.b 21th Frid.y. 12/Z1, 

Anyon. int .... t.d in Intr.mu .. 1 tr.ck. 
phon.462.oeea 12/28' 
SKI HEAVENLY VALLEY Mlr. 23-21 
IQulrt.r br •• k' 5 lift tlck.t • • 5 nit •• 
lodging . " .10. On .. I. at Stud.nt 
C.nt.r M·F. 9-11 . 12·1 or c.II 463·1387 
12171 

IA.pp,lIclltic)n. now b"ng .cc.pt.d for 
Lobby Int.rn.hip. in 
ISllc~.m'.nto. Apply by F.b 21. 2nd Floor 

C.nt.r. Or c.II ,,4460. 12/21' 
O •• il i. off.rlng IPeed r •• dln~ . Itudy 
.kills, not.·t.king cl ..... Spring 
Ou.rt.r. All group. will b.gin •• cond 
week of Qu.rt.,. For info on wh.n and 
whe .. to sign uP. c.II Chlta .t 452·3710 
Or come to Bldg. 2IiO MC 13·7, 

Subj.ct A R.quir.d: Any un· 
d.rgr.du.t. for whom Subj.ct A i. 
r.quir.d .nd who i. not curr.ntly 
.nroll.d in lit·Eng10. Communication. 
10 or Fourth CoII.g. 10 .hould .nroll In 
lit·Eng 10 fOr Spring qu.rt.r Or s .. 
Ad.la K.rlin., in 12501 H·L about 
.. ti.fying the requir.m.nt. I~I 

m .... on to Llteretu .. G.ne .. 1 1M. The w.nted. WI Ope .. te out of the wom.n nHd.d for Intr.coll ••• 
TMchin. of Wrltln.. Iprlne quert.r. Downtown YMCA bulldln. end he" no competition In bull ... ", loftbell. 
ThIa II now I P .. requlalte for tuto... ov.rhHd. '.ommIMion ltaYI within volleybell. Ind w""'oIo. T .. ml will 
who mUlt have 3.0 GPA: upper dlvilion Coop. Alk for Jo WNv.r or Cherrl comp.tl •• llnlt Itud.ntl from 
.tatul 114 unita' by S.pt 1m: .nd N_ton .t tha Y 232·7.,. or c.1I Steve Rev.II • • Muir •• nd Third: Wtr. It Ipr. 
WRITING ABILITY. Com. to 1214 H·L or .t~ .v_12/21, Ou.rte ... II.n up In Provoet Offlc •. 
c.1I x2I22 to .pply .nd pickup cou... NAVAL MIIIILE CENTER .t Point 12/21' 
d •• crlptlon. IZ/2I' Mu.u Int_I_Ing Tu... Feb. ZI. 

PRE·LAW WRITING: Junlo... S.nlo .. 
intar .. ted in reviewing g .. mm.r .nd 
u .. g. for wrltlne portion of LSAT while 
imprOVing their writing In .pee .. 1 
_tlon of lItlEng 10 _ M.rthe in 1214 
H·L Or cell x21ZZ.IZ/2I1 
CREATIVE WRITING : Spee .. l.ectlon. 
of lItlEng 10 now b.lng formed for 
non·Subject A .tud.nts Int.r .. ted in 
cr .. tlv. writing. C.II x2I22 or go to 12501 
H·L.12/21' 

If you n .. d 4 unit. of cr.dit and .r. a 
Junior or S.nior Inter .. t.d in tutoring. 
low.r dlvi.ion M.th Or Sci.nc. cou .... 
c.1I B.rb.ra or Chita at 452·3710 or 
com. to Bldg. 2IiO MC for mar. info. 
13m 
BLACK CONSCIOUSNESS WEEK·75. 
B.ginning F.b 24 to M.r 2 .t UCSD. 
Daily .ctiviti.. b.gin at noon. the 
g.n.ral public i. invi"d. Highlight. of 
the w •• k activiti.. includ. futur.d 
gu •• t .p.ak... Stok.ly C.rmich .1. 
and Marvin X. Com. out and .njoy 
vou ... If. 

VOCATIONAL INTEREST SURVEYS: 
Coun •• llng far m.jo.. .nd c.r ..... 
Mon 4-5. Tu" 2·3. ZIIiO H.L. J.nnl 
Murrey. Acting CoII.g. Dun. Hugh 
Pat ••. Ph.·D. 13/14' 

SEX CLINIC: Coun •• llng on S."u.1 
Probl.m.. W.d . 3·5 pm: R.v.II. 
Coun •• lo .. Offic. In."t to the R.v. 
Provolt Offic.'. Judith JOrg.n •• n. 
M.D.·Hugh P.t ... Ph.D. 13/14' 

GAY STUDENTS: Th.r. i. now a G.y 
Phon. Lin. on c.mpu. for wom.n .nd 
m.n. Inform.tion. probl.m •• etc .. JUIt 
w.nt to telk ?462·3131 12/21' 

S .. b : BA. MS. PhD In AMEI. Phyaici. 
M.th. Compu_ Iclene. for ..... rch 
& d,v"opm.nt Poe!tlOM. More Info 
.nd .ppolntmenta .t C.reer P"nnln •• 
30Z MC. 121M' 
NOAA COMMISIIONED CORPS. • 
uniformed HrVIc:. In the Depertm.nt of 
Comm.rc •• will be on c.mpul Wed. 
F.b. ZI. Seek.: BA or hlgh.r In .cl.nc. 
.nd .nglneerlng for poaltlon. In .n· 
vlronm.ntal .cl.nc •. IZ/ZI' 
TRAVEL '11 • 'wHAT ARE YOUR OP· 
TIONS? . Pr ... nt.d by Stud.nt S.r· 
vic •• W'I't. Int.rnatlon.1 C.nt.r. Wed. 
F.b. ZI. 8:00 pm to 10:00 pm . T.lb. 
film •• nd .lid ••• bout .tud.nt t .. v.1 to: 
EUROPE. RUSSIA. EGYPT & 
MOROCCO. Info brochu ... on Ch.rt.r 
flight. to EUROPE AND THE ORIENT: 
JOBS IN ENGLAND. FRANCE AND 
GERMANY ; STUDENT TOURS. 
EURAIL. ETC. All Invit.d.I2IZI' 

Student haaringa on the funding of 
Progr.m Board and Communication 
Bo.rd for n.xt y.ar. Thos. int.r.lt.d in 
Program Board .tt.nd Tu ... nit • • 7:00. 
Stud.nt Organizationl Confar.nc. 
Room. Tho .. int.r •• t.d in Com· 
munication Board .tt.nd Thu... 4:00 
m •• ting in the •• m. room. Di.cu •• lon 
will c.nt.r on the m.,its of funding 
th ... Bo.rd • . 12IM, 

Att.ntion all org.nlzations: Budg.t 
requ •• t. for Spring Ou.rt.r Allocation. 
ar. to b. turned in no I.t.r then 3:00 
Thu .. d.y. F.b. D . No ."ceptlon. will b. 
m.d. for Budg.ta to b. con.id.r.d this 
Qu.rt.r. 12/28' 
Thl. i. Down With H.m.n W •• k. H.lp 
u. c.l.b .. ta Purim with M.gill.h 

Jan. Fraz.r, SIO. will b. .t the rudlng .nd Folk D.nclng .. Mon. F.b. 
Wom.n·. C.nter for • Brown Bag 24 at 7 pm in the Conf.r.nca Room in 
Lunch W.dnndey. F.b. ZI. at 12:00. the N.w Gym. Ham.nte.hen for .11 III 

meetings 
TRANSCENDENTAL MEDITATORI: 
There will be • epee'" mHtlng 
.... rdlne M.herlehl Internetlon Univ. 
Mon. Feb. M .t 7 pm In Revelle Formel 
Loun ... Group Med . • lao. Joe RIeker. 
__ or 210-1140 ISIMI'IZI24' 

BIOLOGY MAJORS • Dlecuealon with 
BloIo.y F.culty F.b. D. 4 pm. Z101 
Bonner HalllZ/ZI' 

REVELLE JUNIOR CAREER 
MEETINGS. Greduet •• nd Prof ... lonal 
School.. Feb. ZI. 7·. pm. USB 2122. 
Employmant .tt.r g .. du.tlon. F.b. D . 
7·. pm. USB 2122. IZ/24' 

FOU RTH COLLEGE STUDENTS· 
Committee of CoII.g. Aff.l .. m .. ting 
Mon. F.b. 24 .t 4:00. Car •• r PI.nning 
m.eting It 3:00 on Tu ••. F.b. 26. Tha 
summ.r ori.ntetion T •• k Forc. will 
meet .t 4:00 on Tu... F.b. 25. All 
ma.ting. ara at the Fourth CoII.g. 
Provo.t·. Offic • . 12/24' 

HORSEBACKRIOING 'CLUB: M.eting 
F.b. ZI .t 4:00. in the R.c gym Can· 
f.r.nc. Room. Brlng" .00 du ... W. will 
pl.n n •• t rid • . N.w m.mb ... w.lcom • . 
12/Z1' 

W.nt to m .. t _ p.opl.? Com. to the 
P.g. 1 micro "b. It· •• t 7 pm in the Muir 
Ap.rtm.nt Loung. tonightl12/241 

FINAL PROPOSALS for 4th Colleg. 
gov't .vallebl. now in Provo.t Offic • . 
L.1t di.cu .. ion meeting W.d. F.b. ZI at 
7 pm In Stu. Ctr. Loung. Conf. Rm . 
IZ/ZI' 
F.nte.y & Scl.nc. Fiction Club will 
m.at Mon. 4 pm to 8 pm. g.m. con· 
f ... nc. room. Stud.nt C.nt.r. Topic: 
Publlc.tion of • F.nzl .... 121241 

activities 

Lectu.. D.monetretlon by D.vld RIIay 
on Itructu .. 1 Intee .. tton IRoIflng . • 
proc... of body .1I.nm.nt .nd 
_"ne., Mondey F .... M Z-4 pm. M.C. 
alZlMI 

"Whet II the EUcherlatl" Mmlner 
.... 1 ... tomorrow 7:30 pm •• t UnlwraitY 
Luth.r.n Church, with Epllcopal 
Chep .. ln JOHph Young allMltlng on. 
"Wh.t .r. the Church.. I.yln. 
lepe .. teiyr·IZ/24, 
Vlaltlng prot_or N.ttall B .. ndweln 
on: MldfNhk: Modal. In /tIIotlam 
Hebrew Po«ry, Mondey. Feb. M .t 4:00 
In the Rev .... lnformel Lounge. IZ/MI 

"WOMEN IN CHINA" . • Imulten,oul 
.lIde .nd film p .... ntation of im· 
pr ... ion. of the rol. of wom.n in Chin. 
tod.y. UCSD Int.rn.tlonal C.nt.r. 
Mom F.b 24 1:00 pm. 12/241 

H.rb.rt Marcu .. will ._k at 1 pm In' 
the Rav.II. C.f.t.ri. on Mond.y F.b 
24th " Critlqu. of Capitall.m Today" 
and Mond.y M.rch 3rd "Th. Socialilt 

.Alt.rnetiv." 12/24' 

Ev.lyn R .. d. Faminl.t Anthropologi.t 
will b •• _king on Evolution Mon. F.b. 
24 at 7:00 at SDSU . Mont.zum. HIli. 
Ca .. I .. v. from the Wom.n·. C.nt.r .t 
J: 15. IZ /24, 

Prof ••• or C.rloa Mon.iv.i.. M."ico·. 
fOr.mo.t cont.mpor.ry critic: N.tional 
Culture In M •• lco Tocley. F.b. ZI at 4:00 
pm in the R.vell. Formal Loung • . 12/24' 

Guitarl.t·Slng.r JOHN ADLER will b. 
..rforming in the Rev.n. SId. Door on 
Man nita. F.b 24th. 12/24' 

" O.form.tion of Continuou. M.di." 
W.d. F.b. 28 12 . 7104 Ur.y H.II IZ/ZI' 

" Hand. & F .. t" . • n .,.c.n.nt p.n. 
tomin. group. R.v.iI. Plaz • . 12 noon. 
W.d. F.b. ZI. .pon.or.d by Triton 
Chriati.n F.llow.hlp. 12/21' 

12/Z1, 12/24' ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-adHrtiRmenbfurou~eh~~ 
personals 

a.rbl.: Uh .. . Oh ... huh11 I 
forg.t .. Bozon IZl24, 

aRG BRIAN·Your f .. nkn ... lit the I .. t 
Co-op meeting w .... n,uou.land .0 i. 
your BODYI. LIt'I get together .nd 
" p.rpetuata our cooperative id .. I . ... 
Mike 12124' 

LARRY. the crOok-Did you .t •• 1 my 
p.raonnal? It .tlll .ppll .. thl. time and 
mora 10. For you my lip •• r. chapp.d. 
.0 find .not .. r .. ir. Sorry. but no n.w. 
I. good new • . Theile · that'. with an • . 
12/241 

T.II m • • Ricki • • what'. going on?1 mu.t 
.. y you ar. sooo gr .. t. I hop. your 
wish com •• tru . .... 12/241 

NUGTOSH . You b.tt.r g.t fir.d up 
b.for. the .mmunition runs out. 
a •• id... I mi.. thOM target prec. 
tlce . ... 12I241 

M. & P. · H.ppy 25thl S & S & S 121241 

M.b.1 . HI. How'. B •• r .nd all tho •• 
littl. cub.. C.II m. .om.tim.. Ann. 
8.nana12/241 

A I Will on: Wh.t happ.n.d to yOur 
moustach.? It wa. lov •• t firat sightl 
Your brown·.y.d girl. 12/24' 

Patty Hear.t wh.re ar. you? 12/24' 

Cheryl. Th. day you were born will 
alw'YI b. special to m.; ·cau.a it's the 
very first of all our " fi .. ts" togather. 
H.ppy F.b. 24th and hoping for many 
mora "fi .. ta" to com • . You .. firatly. 
OANN. 12/241 

CORNER GANG BABES: Hopp .. att N. 
har haft kul mad s kidorna och 
pojkarna. What?" .I·II n.v.r tall .. 
I-:eather 12/24' 

All the bad tima. collactiv.ly don't 
m.k. a dent in ju.t on. blillful 
momant togethar Happy Birthday 
from tha day aarliar birthday girl. 12/24' 

NURDS in 201 Hhat happ.n.d in 
lectur. Friday? Ga' th.r ... rly. tho .. 
se.tl fill up fast I Ftom the oth.r 1/2 of 
the front row. 12124' 

M.ri. Hop. your Clfna .. prove fruitful 
in Chem I.b and f rian the Frog turn. 
into Pr1nc. Charn.ing . Happy 19thl 
12/241 

W.nt.d: On. donl.y. but w. will IC' 
cept a hamst.,. 12/:!4' 

lost and found 
Loat: Long·h.ir.d calico f.maia cat 
Any info PLEASE call 452·8175 . 
REWARD 12/24' 

FOUND: Alen Kwon·. ch.ck book. Pick 
It up .t T. T. offlo.12/241 
LOST W.d. night at rec. gym. Brown 
corduroy iecket with k.y. In pock.t. 
J.y . 452·1167. or P.O. Bo" 1013. 
REWARD 12124' 

Loat BI.ck wire frem. gl ..... In brown 
plutlc c .... . round USB 3070 and HL. 
F.b. 1 • . 462-8317121241 

FOUND: Blu. Jlck.t In cl ... · Th. 12·1· 
ZD. 1101. 

$20 REWARD for. gold w.dding b.nd 
loat in the South B.lcony of the Gym 
I •• t w .. k . 438-3744IZ/Z4, 

wanted 
Subjecte need.d for phon.tic. .". 
..rlm.nte . • Z/hr. S •• wnz .t 3121 P & L 
or cell XZI37. lIndl 

NEED EXTRA CASH? P.ying Top DoII.r 
for your U.S.·Silver COin. minted b.for. 
1184. K.n 452·9325 14/41 

. 

services 
CONTACT YOUR INNER SELF · 12 w •• k 
Cou ... in Inn.r S.n.itlvity .tart. F.b. 
25. 7:30 pm. T.aching of the Inn., 
Chri.t. 3B89 42nd St. SO. 280-7770. A 
m.taphysical and myltic.1 "aching. 
which ta.ch.. deep m.ditation. in. 
tuition.lguidanca. sciantiflc prayer .nd 
mar • . 1P2/24, 

Tun. up •• luba and Oil. brak.s. minor 
r.pair. low pric .. . good work. Mik. 
462·161213/51 

HAIRCUTS on c.mpu. by a 
prof ... ional. t5/cut. C.II Margie 462· 
1485 Or 8th floor Tiog • . H-84. 12/24' 

LEARN how ... lly Bob H.pburn m.d. 
.ZOO·MOO w •• kly for coll.g.. H.lp. 
stud.nt. g.t .tarted quickly in amazing 
part tima busin_. M.ke mon.y this 
wa.kl Writ. immadlat.ly. H.pburn. 
Dept. 7524. Box T1Z7. Van Nuy • • Ca. 
91409. I P2/21, 

TAOIST BREATHING EXERCISE. L.arn 
to d.v.lop awar.na .. of the IIf •• n.rgy 
IChl) in your .y.t.m. By gaining control 
of the chi you cen an.ure it. unln· 
terrupt.d flow in the m.ridi.n •• 
th.r.by keeping you ... 1f phy.lcally & 
.piritu.lly h •• lthy. Individual in· 
struction only: 16 y .... e"p.rl.nc • . C.II 
753-0307 I.v ... ' or writ.: P.O.Bo" 33003. 
San Di.go. Ca. 12103. 1P2/24' 

Incom. T.,. . Di.count Itud.ntl. ltaft. 
faculty . 7!i5-8228 aft.r 4 pm 14/14' 

Page 8 Triton Times February 24, 1975 

TYPISTS: IBM ·T.rm peperl 
thee_I di ... rtation.1 etc. 
Edlting/R",SH JOBS/X.ro". Andl: 4113-
081113/14' 

RESEARCH AIDS . C.n.de·. "rg_t 
.. rvlc • . For catalogu ••• nd t2 to; E_y 
Servlc... 67 Sp.dlne Av... No. ZIII. 
Toronto. C.nade. C.mpu. rap .... n-
tativ .. requlrad. Pl .... writ •. 11/11 
TYPING · MAfUL YN would like to type 
yOur p.per. th •• i.. etc. She I. .". 
..rI.nc.d on all type. of p.p .... f •• t . 
r ••• onabl. and ha. a correcting IBM. 
Pi .... c.II h ... t 1i86-108O.lp., 

for sale 
GOing ea.t. 74 Ch.vy Malibu. Fully 
pow.red. fully equlpp.d. G ..... ving 
Si. Cyllnd.r. &000 ml .... A.I.P . • tt.r 8 
462·.743 IZ/28, 

G.E.Portabl. St.r.o Phono. n .. r n.w 
condItion. 40 w.... pwr.. n_ needle. 
qu.llty .ound r.productlon "'-'3343 
Paul 12/24' 

TEAC REEL tIP REEL. a r •• 1 work horae 
mu.t s.II imm.di.t.ly . • ·BlI2/21, 

Gitan. Sport 1a..pa.d. lots of .c· 
c ••• ori ••• tool. and atuff. Not ridden 
much. Whol. bit COlt .,85 • will •• 11 for 
.,25 Or so. John at TT I •• t . ]a!. or 438· 
1697. 12/241 

Yamak: O.lux. 12 string Guit.r Mint 
condition. good action. n.w .tring. 
$125.00 w I cas. 462-8153 Itt.r 6 pm 
12/26' 

Gas stova . 4 burn ... and ov.n: .25; 
larg. Burman ••• rug plus 2 m.tching 
small rug • . "'. 12/ Z11 

'65 Triumph Spitflr • • '87 Solid motor. -
n.w top and paint. good int.rior. run. 
gOOd. fun to driv •• good mll.ag • . t895 
Or tr.d • . 481 ·9653. 13/7' 

1987 CAMARO SS 360. n.w 327 motor. 
Hu .. t 4 sp •• d.. HoII.y 4 b.rr.i •• 
h •• d .... PS. PB. AC. chroma rim •• wid. 
tir.s. etc ... 1110 firm. 481 ·9653 .vaning • . 
13/7' 

'86 Ch.vy Implla Stetionwigon. Needs 
work. b •• t off.r. Call B.tty. 462·9798 
12/21' 

SONY TC·135 Ster.o ca ... tt. w l Oolby 
& 2 mik •• Ster.o amp 18OW, & 2 book· 
clla .pk .. : FM Tun.r EI.c. Guitar & 
Amp. 453·8425 12/24' 

10 Sp •• d Men'. Bik.. 1 yr. old. 
w /g.n.rator light" or belt. 453-8538 
13/51 

LED ZEPPELIN CONCERT: B •• t '''U 
fOr .11 .how • . S.n Ol.go. Long B .. ch 
and Forum. -.31.13/1Z, 

T1 B.I Air 4·door .1. cylinder. n_ 
Ic.ny. _ top .nd. I will tek •• 10 ... 

·D.vld 417·Ii03II2/M' 

Imp.ri.1 W .. her & Dry.r IEI.ctrlcl4 Y" 
Old Hardly .v.r uled. .,.c.".nt con· 
dltion you .. for .,&0 272·713412/24' 
T ••. I"'trumenta SR..,· •• w. cen b .. t 
any Iltd prlc.. OUICK d.liv.ry. 2 yr. 
gu.rant ... B.rt 462·" 13114' 

M.k. 8-track teP" : Th ... month· old 
Pion .. r HR·. p"yer/record.r r.teU. 
for "70.00. MAKE ANY OFFER. 453-8317 
or C·..,. Frank. 12/241 
Lookln. for a cer with POWER? Try my 
'87 Pontl.c Bonnevl'l • . Alr·condltioning 
Ito k .. p you cooll. pow.r· .tHring. 
redio •• nd ... clou. .nough to hold 5 
frl.nda •• couple .urfboard.. .nd your 
dog .... 4U-t3IZ or 271). ... IZ/2I' 

housing 
F.r from hom • . • p.rtm.nt n .. d.d for 
w •• k of Spring br .. k. Willing to pay 
w .. k r.nt Pr.f.rably nUr b.ach. All 
462-83 13/3' 

Live w.II for $83.75/mo. Own room in 4 
b.droom hou •• in Univ ... ity City. MLI.t 
b. NON·SMOKER. Bob 453-!i68I or 
x2124. 12/24' 

Se.king r •• pon.ibl. pareon to rant 
1.,35.00, attr.ctlv. studiO. 1 blk to 
be.ch. P.B .. June through Augu.t. 
Knowl.dg. of pl.nts is d •• ir.bl • . Cindi 
270·6085 12/21' 

N.ad F.mal. rOOmmata imm.di.t.ly: 
Own room in I.rg. hou •• MO. 0.1 Mar. 
V.g.tabl. g.rd.n. firepl.c • . 12/241 

Want.d. on. p ... on to .har. 3 b.droom 
hou •• in Enclnlt ••. No cigar.tt. 
.mok ..... ,,0 month includ .. utllltl ... 
Call morning • . 7S3-01i8O. 12/Z11 

F.m.l. roomm.t. n .. d.d to .h.r. 2 
b.droom apt In PB. Looking for •• n· 
sitiv. p ... on into .... on.1 growth. 
Aillinn 272·7330. 271).7231 Ib.for •• pml. 
12/241 

Roomm.t. need.d. for I.rg •• pt Di.h· 
w .. her. own bdrm. bethrm. P.B .• cell 
Kirk. D4-6ZOII . .. 2.10 mo. 13/3' 

F.m.l. needed to .ha .. I.rg. room in 2 
b.droom/2 bath townhou ..... rtm.nt 
MO. Torr.y PI,," Rd . neer UCSO. 
SP'c. for gerd.n .v.lI.ble. 4113·1111 
12/21' 

Roomm.t'wanted Imm.dl.t.ly. Own 
room. V.ry clo.. to UCSD. Only 
"'/ month. Quiet. pool. 411Z .... I2IMI 

Roommata need.d to shar. 2 Bdrm 
P.B. 'pt n.ar B •• ch. Bu • . • '00 plu. 
utilit .... St.ve -'7121 Or J.n.t 4113· 
.,I. IZ/24, 

F.m.l. room mat. w.nt.d in 2 BR apt 
in 0.1 Mar neer cliff • . " .00 mo. plul 
utn. Peeceful courty.rd. Juli. or K.vln 
7I6-a.l12/Z41 

Roommat. w.nted. Singl. room. I.rg. 
hou •• in LI Jol ... $83 month • • v.n.ble 
begin. of March. St.v • • 458-2310 ,,403. 
12/24' 

Ml or F Rmommet. wanted to .har. 2 
bdrm hou •• in 0.1 Mar. For more info 
716-6117 aft.r 8 pm. 12/261 

Want.d: Roommate own rOom in 
Mi .. ion Be.ch . • 80 plu. utlliti ... 
G.org.488-8122 12/24' 

3 BDR Hou •• for R.nt. Encinite • . 1·1/2 
block. to b •• ch. cloa. to Crui •• r. 
h •• lth-food .tor •• com. by 471la V.t • . 
12/281 

Roommat.. want.d for Spring 
Ou.rt.r. 3 BDR 1n C.rdiff. P.t. OK. 
N •• r lagoon. bu • . •• month. 438·3406 
12/281 

Femala room mat. nud.d for SPRING 
quartar to share baautiful houla In Del 
Mar. 765·6548. 12/24' 

G.n •••• Highl.nd. 3 Bdrm own room 
M or F 2 mi. from UCSD •• mo. mu.t 
b. n.at & cl •• nl Av.llebl. M.r. 1.t 463· 
TJli7I313, 

travel 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL. ORIENT. Low pric .. · long .nd 
.hort flightl . IImit.d .pac • . 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1408 
Wlltwood Blvd. LA. IOO24IZ13, 871·.,21 
or4n.1112.1..,.' 

SSW T .. v.1 Offic. . ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int' l Stud.nt ID. Eu .. n. Hoet.1 C.r •• 
Tripping M.g.zln •.• tc . UCSD in· 
ternatlonal C.nt.r 462-0130 11 .m'" pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Cloaed Tu.Thu ... IP 

,3/141 

EUROPE· ISRAEL·AFRICA·ORIENT. 
Stud.nt flights y .. r round. Contact: 
ISCA. 11117 I.n Vlnc.nt. Blvd. No. 4. 
LA. C.llf. lOCMI. T .. : IZ13' 121-_. 128-
~. IP 3/141 


