
$ev ......... n •• re dilplayetl Wetlnelday on th.I." •• Ie .... za by UC San Di.go', Soaring Club. 
Club ...... n dlawlsed both til. organhation and gliding in general with anyone who lilt. ned . 
(" photo: C ....... llu.) 

But Disagrees with Chancellor's Order 

Pr¥Iay, ~ 3,1975 

Cites 1973 'Misunderstanding' 

Gray Expects UCSD to 
Receive Full Accreditation 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

Saying 1973's accreditation team 
visit "was fraught with misun-
derstanding," Planning Staff 
member, Wayne Gray, executive 
secretary of the Program Review 
Committee's subcommittee on 
accreditation, expects UC San 
Diego to gain a complete ten-year 
accreditation. 

This is the last in a three-part 
series on accreditation aod UC San 
Diego. 

" We're going to get it," Gray 
stated Wednesday about the ten-
year accreditation." At least, they 
(the accreditation people) will get 
the information they need." 

(In 1973 UCSD was given a two-
year accreditation. Accreditation, 

practically, means money. 
Without it a university cannot 
receive any federal funds. ) 

This year, Gray said, UCSD has 
a " clear understanding of what is 
required. " 

Too Much for Granted 
In 1973 the Western Association 

of Schools and Colleges (WASC), 
the regional accrediting agency, 
told UCSD it didn't want a lot of 
detail, Gray related. 

As such, UCSD took too much for 
granted, Gray conceded. " We 
thought they'd know about things 
like the Academic Senate," he 
said. 

This year, Gray noted, the ac-
creditation handbooJtl- is much 
clearer, and the accreditation 
subcommittee is working closely 
withWASC. 

Also, in 1973 UCSD didn 't ha ve an 
approved Academic Plan, Gray 
added. Reg Fees 

iH"ay Jump 
$75 a Year 

SDSU President Acts to Arm Policemen 
An examination of the Academic 

Plan is the first of the two-part self-
study to be submitted to W ASC in 
December. Teh second part will be 
responses to 40 separate concerns 
gleaned from the 1973 ac-

Unless the state provides $3.6 
llion next year to augment 
I ting student money, the 
.(:d~nt registration fee- could 
crease from $75 to $125 a year. 
That was the message at last. 

·rida y 's meeting of the UC 
{egents' committees on Finance 
.nd Grounds and Buildings. 

According to committee 
Ilembers, the money is necessary 

offset projected inflation and 
.ncreased program costs. The 

;gents have included the funds in 
t .eir 1976-77 UC budget. 

There are other options to in-
( .. eased funding : 

-cut back on student service 
programs now fWlded by the reg 
fee ; or 

-impose user fees for student 
services rendered. 

Reg Fee for Extra Services 
The reg fee was designed as a 

charge for services com-
plementary, but not essential to 
instruction. These services in-
clude student health services, 
athletics and recreation, cultural 
programs and certain capital 

Continued on PaKe 2 

Campus policeman at San Diego 
State University are wearing 
sidearms 24 hours a day for the 
first time, following an order from 
state college and university 
chancellor Glerm S. Dumke. 

SDSU was the last campus in the 
IS-school system to have unanned 
officers. 

The order was effective Wed-
nesday. 

SDSU president Brage Golding 
said at a press conference Wed-
nesday that he wished the decision 
to arm the officers had been left on 
a local level. He had asked that 
policeman be reqwred to wear 
guns only at night, but Dumke 

SA TCH Involves Pre-Meds 
In Summer Programs 

}\y Frank Kazersld 
Staff Writer 

The almost insurmountable competition in recent years between pre-
med majors has led to a student organization which has moved to recruit, 
educate and otherwise assist minority students entering health careers. 
That group - formed in the spring of 1974 - is Students Active Toward 
Community Health (SATCH) . 

While the emphasis has been on the minority pre-med student, SA TCH 
programs are not limited to them. Rather, the main thrust of the group 
has been the recruitment of undergraduates into summer programs of 
the various medical schools in the United States. 

Some of the members have been placed in programs at UCLA, Tufane 
University, and Baylor (Texas ). UCSD does not offer any summer 
programs for undergraduates. 

During the past two swnmers, SATCH has received numerous grants 
for members to work in hospitals and health clinics. Some have been able 
to help out in the San Ysidro clinic while the more adventurous have 
traveled with a group of lay/professional people called the Flying 
Samaritans. 

Cootiaued on Page 4 

apparently refused. 
Student Opposition 

The system-wide associated 
students council has voted to ap-
posed the blanket ruling, while 
SDSU's council opposes the issuing 
of guns at any time. 

In addition, an editorial in the 
Daily Aztec, the campus student 
newspaper, called for support for 
President Golding in the event he 
chose not to follow Dumke's order. 

According to a spokesman in the 
campus public· relations office, the 
SDSU policemen - "to-a-man" -
favor the decision to issue guns. 

Under the order, the officers will 
be requiredio receive training "in 
the legal, moral and operational 
aspects of firearms." 

Sergeant Bill Mott, of the UC San 
Diego police department, said all 
UC police are, and always have 
been armed. He said training 
standards between SDSU and 
UCSD are different, adding that all 
UC police are certified under the 
California state peace officiers' 
Code of Training. 

He said he couldn't understand 
the controversy at SDSU, saying, 
"If an officer is hired to function 
effectively and provide safety, you 
should afford him every tool that's 
necessary. " 

Continued on Page 2 

Continued on Page 2 

Coffee Hut 
Accepting 
Meal Cards 

The Coffee Hut - below the 
Revelle provost's office in the 
woods behind the Humanities 
library - has annoWlced that 
student meal cards can again be 
used toward the purchase of meals 
at the Hut. 

According to Hut manager Holly 
Holmes, the following scale is 
used: breakfast, .75c; lunch, $1.10; 
dinner. $1.35. Food costing up to 
the listed values can be purchased 
for the equivalent of one meal -
any differences can be paid in 
cash. 

Cards may be used during the 
following hours: 7:30 to 10 pm; 11 
to 12:30 pm and 4:30 t08 pm. 

Ca lendar Correction 
The Folk Dance Club will meet at 

7:30 pm, aDd not at 7 as reported 
in MOD.,'. calendar. 
r---------------------------------------~------------------------~---------------------------

New AJ:4c Head Lists 
Problems Facing 

UCSD's Compliance 
by James G. Solo 

City Editor 
" Underutilization of personnel, lack of upward mobility , the use of 

certain JX'rsonal policies and procedure and attitudinal probJems are 
the major difficulties facing UC San Diego's compliance with Affirm-
ative Action reKUlations," said Robert Alberton Wednesday. 

Albert , th~ II~W head of \'. i.-mative Action on campus, believes tM 
·olution to the problem of undl'r-representation of minorities and 
women at UCSD is left too mUl·h ··to good will." Albert, who spoke with 
the Triton Times Wednl'sday added that "the good will" on campus is 
definitely low. 

I\~cording to Albert, whose duties include insuring Afflnnative 
Action among stu~cllb . faculty and staff, there were 6932 un-
U • .. g .. ~duates on campus last year, of which only 836 were black, 
Am ~ n~an indian or Spamsh-surnamed Americans, a figure far below 
the inCidence of these groups In the general population of California. 
Albl'lt said he had not yet analyzed faculty or staff figure . 

CootJnued on Page 2 
AH ...... ,. Actioa ".....1 .. deligned to inlur. that UCSD' Iitudent, staH and faculty ranks 
.xlAit ...... nc. Ita,,"" tile .. and ' ••• 1. (n photo: Tad Sperry . ) 



.... -

Crail UdUdit 
Editorial cUre,. 

N •• loM'S 
uc ... a..o 

MarkWoelber Mau,,,, editor 
Mark StadJer 
News editor 

James G. Soto 
Cllyedllor 

Sara Lowen 
CommlUlity editor 

The Triton Times is recognized as the official student newspaper by 
the Communications Boord of UCSD. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of the majority of the editorial boord (above). and not the 
views of the University. the Communications Boord or the studenl 
body. 

TT Reporter Expelled 
From Coop Steerinp Meeting 

by Robin DeRjeux 
Staff Writer 

A meeting of the Student Cooperative Steering Committee opened 
Wednesday afternoon with a motion to dismiss the Triton Times reporter 
from the meeting, and to exclude Triton Times representatives from all 
future Steering Committee sessions. 

Reporters would still be allowed to cover general Student Coop 
meetings, said the committee, but would nat be pennitted to attend the 
planning sessions of the Steering Conunittee. 

According to Mark Bookman, director of the student center, students 
may not be excluded from meetings designated as " open." Organizations 
are allowed to hold closed strategy sessions or to dismiss disruptive In-
dividuals from their meetings. 

But, in Bookman's opinion, a Triton Times reporter could not be COIr 
sidered a disruptive influence. 

Discussion on the motion was brief. Committee members felt that 
planning sessions should not be publicized because discrepancies be-
tween what the Coop planned and what they did f!1ight ~rise . . 

Some members also conveyea OlssatisfactlOn With prevIous Coop 
coverage in the newspaper. 

An amendment was offered to the motion that an official statement of 
explanation be drawn up at the close of the meeting and sent to the Triton 
Times office. 

The amendment was adopted ; the motion was passed. 
As of press time, the Triton Times had received no explanatory 

statement from the steering committee. 

Affirmative Action ... 
Albert, who reports directly to the Chancellor, said that 'AfCirma!ive 

Action' goes beyond equal opportunity to a concept that requIres 
employers, in this case the University of california , to actively seek 
out qualified and trainable personnel who are minorities or women to 
fill poSitions that have largely been closed to those groups in the ~ast. 

Current Affirmative Action regulations grew out of a series of 
executive orders issued by Presidents Kennedy, Johmon and Nixon. 

Kennedy's administration established the equal opportunity 
policies. According to Albert, these policies were superseded by an 
executive order in 1965. 

Although employers were expected to be "color blind" when hiring 
employees, personnel were still not being employed to satisfy Federal 
guidelines . So President Johnson issuf.d an executive order directing 
employees to be the aggressors in hiring personnel in order to 
acquaint the community with the avai: Jbility of positions. 

" In other words," said Albert, " they (employers) must ' af-
finnatively seek' qualified personnel." 

Albert asserted that the laws then dealt with employers on an in-
fluential, moral or motivational level, but didn't have any teeth. In 
1972, the Nixon administration issued an order that required any in-
stitution or employer using Federal funds to take Affinnatlve Action 
in hiring minorities. 

The law was also amended that year to include sex in the proviso, 
while previously under the influence of the Civil Rights, Affinnative 
Action had only been concerned with discrimination due to race, color 
or creed. 

Continued on Page 3 

trlMm .11IIl'8 
Accreditation.. 
creditation report. 

The concerns raace from Uc.. 
so's adminl8trative structure to 
the charge that Revelle College'. 
Hwnanities sequence is worthless. 

"Heavy 1 ..... 1aroce" 
One of the major faults the ac-

creditation committee found with 
UCSD was a "heavy imbalance" 
between science. and humanities. 

In Chancellor McElroy's 
statement on tbe Academic Plan 
he listed as one of the six issues 
critical to it " the achievement of 
reasonable academic balance 
among the sciences, hwnanities 
and arts." 

Noting that UCSD's- faculty is 
now distributed 44 percent in 
Natural Sciences, 29 percent in 
Hwnanlties and Arts and 27 per-
cent in Social Sciences, McElroy 
indicated the " desirable goal for 
faculty distribution " is ap-
proxiamately 40 percent science, 
30 percent each for humanities and 
social science. 

Another fault the committee 
reported was an unorganized 
administration. McElroy did not 
address this subject in his "critical 
issues, " although there is a table of 
administrative organization in the 
Academic Plan. 

Some concerns, such as com-
plaints about the Revelle 
Hwnanities sequence Gray said 
will have to be answered 
" frankly," meaning it is simply 
hard to get faculty to teach the 
classes. 

Other Critical Issues 
Other issues critical to McElroy 

included the improvement of 
undergraduate education, the 
development of multi-disciplinary 
academic programs and "the 
growth of enrollments and the 
necessity for commensurate 
growth of operating dollars and 
capital improvements." 

Besides comments on the 
general campus, McElroy 's 
statement covered the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, the 
medical school and the Univer-
sity's extemion program. 

The accreditation sub-
committee, officially titled " in-
stitutional self-study and 
evaluation," is chaired by Manuel 
Rotenberg , acting dean of 
graduate students. Student 
representatives are Steve Lopez, 
for undergraduates, and Kristie 
Belman, for graduates. 

Reg Fees ... 
improvements not eligible for state 
funding. 

Additionally, according to a 
spokesman in the University's 
public relations office, over the 
course of the last seven years UC 
has increasingly turned to the reg 
fee to fund services and programs 
more directly related to in-
struction, including financial aid 
administration, the of~ices of the 
deans of students on the nine 
campuses, admissions and 

Conliaued on Page 4 

T~e DQlverslty of Califol'l1ia, SllQ fUego 
Call1PUS Prograll1 ~o8rd I I 

Icpb pr~s~Qts ' 
I 

rt?clcJlf? l-1u~()clrcl * I 
Oct. 5 Sunday UCSD Gym 

UCSD St. $3 
ot Dnor $4.50 

8pr;} G.A. $4.50, 

Oct. 7, Tuesday [)1£12 ()r~f)r" 
-Social Problems: SOCial or Anti-soCial?-

UCSD Gym 
UCSD St. ~1 G.A. $2 

Tickets: * Ticketron outlets, also the Turntable in La Jolla & 
the UCSD 80 Box Office. Hours: Tues.-Sat. Noon-4:30pm 

Info 452-4090 452-4559 
@!J§!J~~~ 

All II OUII f'ell 
Jnlern Upeningll 

The Third College Dean's office 
is in the process of hiring four 
students to serve as interns for the 
present academic year. Working in 
the Dean's office, the students 
hired will have varying duties, 
general in nature and coordinated 
around Third College needs. 

Students interested can find 
more information at the Third 
College Dean's office at Matthews 
campus 412, Room 7 or the Student 
Employment office. 

!!jludents for 
Hayden to Meet 

UCSD Students for Tom Hayden 
will meet today at 4:00 in the 
Student Center Lounge Conference 
Room to diScuss Hayden's Senate 
campaign. Hayden is challenging 
incumbent John Tunney in next 
June's Democratic primary. 

Leslie Franz, coordinator of the 
organization, said that the meeting 
will be to coordinate the campus 
campaign and delegate respolr 
sibility. " Faculty and staff are 
encouraged to attend," she added. 

!!jocialist Workers 
Candidate Announces 
for ~ellate 

Omari Musa, a member of the 
Socialist Workers' Party (SWP), 
announced his candidacy for the U. 
S. Senate yesterday at the San 

$5 

Diego IntemaUonal Airport. 
Musa's platform includes ending 

wtemployment through em.lve 
federally funded public works, 
support for the United Fann 
Workers and public employees' 
right to strike, continued busing tc 
achieve desegregated education 
and support of the Equal Rights 
Amendment and equal rights 
movements of other minorities. 

Musa stated his overall goal as 
being the establishment of a 
SOCiety "based on production for 
human needs, not private profits," 
and a government not "of 
Rockefellers and Morgans" but "of 
working people." 

At nresent. SWP is filinll suit 
against California's ballot 
qualification laws . SWP has 
charged Democrats and 
Republicans in the California 
legislature with passing such 
election laws to keep possibly 
competitive smaller parties and 
independent candidates off of the 
ballot. 

With the aid of the Committee for 
Democratic Election Laws, the 
party is trying to change the law 
and get on the ballot in 1976. 

Guns ..• 
When asked about the argument 

- voiced at SDSU by the Criminal 
Justice Student's Associatim -
that the demity of population at the 
3O,OOO-student campus could cause 
a haza rd to a number of individuals 
if a gun were fired, Matt said, 
" When security personnel are 
hired at a function of some sort 
where the density is much greater, 
that isn't thought to be an undue 
hazard." 

$5 
Get help on your book purchase and at the same time 
learn how to read them faster and with more 
comprehension. Sign up at the University Bookstore 
for the R·EAD·S· Rapid Reading workshop by this 
Friday and get a gift certificate for five dollars to the 
store. See us at the store or a or call 488·9162 

$5 
R.E.A.D.S. America's largest 

all-University reading program $5 

~O O~ 
°Come to theo 

castle in 
La Jolla. 

... where all the village's knaves. knights and ladies-in-
waiting feast and make merry. Quaff your favorite 
brew beside the stained glass windows and cobble-
stone walls of a 17th century castle. Enjoy a hearty 
sandwich like the Renai ssance. hal f a pound of chopped 
sirloin c har-broiled with ham. c heese, lettuce and 
tomato. Try a shrimp or beef Bratkebob. or a beggars 
banquet of soup. cheese. fruit . bread and wine. Or one 
of 160ther hearty sandwiches or specialities; just about 
everything is less than the price of a movie. 

Have a drink or a meal at the Bratskellar after your 

"""ibriitlikellar 
About four centuries away. Ov rI<><>king the ocean at 

~12S0 Prospect St. Mc Ke ll ar Plaza . Open daily f~r lunch. dinn r a nd cocktails. Sunday brun h l' A.M.-2 P.M. 
Happy Hour: 4:J0.6:JO P.M. M-fri. 

...... 0etDbIr I, I". 
AldY., 

California Fibers Show Set at Library 
by Ellubetll C~eil. 

1 had planned on getting this 
column wl"iUen and to the printers 
about a week and a half ago, but as 
I found myself lost amid add/drop 
cards, book-buying, and came to 
the realization that I was already 
200 pages behind in my reading, 
the whole thing just kind of slipped 
my mind. So, I begin with an 
apology for my tardiness, and hope 
that I can tum you on to what seem 
to be some very promising art 
shows and gallery openings. 

Every year I get invited to what I 
feel is one of the best annual art 
events in the county. Fortunately, 
this year, this show is to open right 
here on campus. Be sure not to 
miss the Fourth Annual California 
Fibers Show at the Central 
Ubrary . The show begins Oct. 17, 
and ends Nov. 16. Many types of 
textiles will be included in the 
show-different types of weaving, 
stitchery, fabric collage quilting, 
basketry and batik. Carol Shaw 
Sutton will be the juror for the 
show. 

contemporary artists. Last years 
lecture series proved enlightening 
and very enjoyable. Try to make 
some of this years if you possibly 
can. The first lecture in the series 
will be presented by Robert Irwin, 
and is entitled "The Case for NOIr 
Object Art". Irwin is a California 
artist whose works have achieved 
international recognition. From 
his early abstract expressionist 
canvases of the 'SO's to his elegant, 
pulsating discs of the '60's to his 
recent " nonobject" imtallatiom, 
Irwin has progressively recolr 
structed his artworks into more 
reductive formats . He has said 
that to " be an artist is not a matter 
of making paintings or objects at 
all...We are really dealing with our 
states of consciousness and the 
shapes of our perceptiom." 

Irwin's lecture will be held 
October 20, 7:00 pm in room C-5 at 

Palomar College. 
An exhibition of work by 26 

young established artists, mQft-.x 
them from New York or California, 
will begin at the Fine A~ Gallery 
on Oct . 18 and will run until Nov. 
30. An illustrated catalogue will 
accompany the show, which is 
being organized by the Brooke 
Alexander Gallery in New York. 

On Sunday, October 12, the 
Museum of Man in Balboa Park 
will be presenting the film " Fear 
Woman", which concerns the lives 
of three women in Ghana: a 
business woman, a Supreme-Court 
Justice and a tribal chief . The 
film, which is one in a series elr 
titled " A Woman's Place" will be 
shown at I, 2 and 3 pm in the Action 
Room, and is free with admission 
to the museum. 

One last note; do check out 

Elton John Wows His 
Fans One More Time 

by Dave Elsen 
Sports Editor 

Gallery 8, located at the Inter-
national Center is presenting a 
show entitled "Ornamentation" to 
run from Oct. 3 through 5. The 
show will consist of needlepoint by 
Gay Ann Rogers, adornments by 
Sylvia Warren Cook, and porcelain 
by Armin Mueller. Hours for the 
gallery are Friday 8 through 
Saturday and Sunday 10 pm 
through 4. 

With every album Elton John puts out, it seems harder for him to 
satisfy his live audience. In concert, his fam always want to hear more, 
screaming for their favorites that he has yet to play. His performances 
are always immensely popular, but people invariably leave wishing that 
he had sung just one more song. 

Elton found a cure for that Monday night, putting together a four-hour, 
3O-song show at the Sports Arena that was described by many as the best 
concert in San Diego since his last appearance here, in 1974. It was his 
second stop in a nine-city Western tour, beginning and ending in Los 

BOl Scaggs appears Sunday at State's ampitheater 

Once again this ye4r Palomar 
Junior College in San Marcos will 
present a series of lectures by Angeles. _ 

Affirmative Action •.. 
He said that no one individual department can be singled out for 

either compliance or noo-<:ompliance with the regulation, but that 
everyone who has some facet of responsibility Is accountable for the 
present condition on campus. Albert feels that pointinJ{ to any onp 
department would be counterproductive to the efforts of the Afflnn-
alive Action program. 

To insure th.8t the University abides by }<~ederal guidelines, Albert 
hopes to revise and expound upon the current UCSD policy so that the 
present regulations are followed. 

Comprehensive Recruitment 

Each department will have to be reviewed and it may be necessary 
to devise separate programs for the different components of the 
University. Albert said a comprehemive recruitment to raise the 
number of minOrity students may be instituted_ 

An inventory of skills held by various staff members on campus may 
be taken to use underemployed personnel now working at the 
university. He contended that the Affirmative Action program will 
offer a chance to those who want to advanr.f> themselves. ... 

"Not everyone," continued Albert, "wants to fly to the moon." 
The assistant to the Chancellor said that community relations are 

part and parcel of any Affirmative Action program, and he will un-
doubtedly serve the Chancellor in any capacity in which he will be 
needed. 

Albert said the enforcement of Affinnative Action regulations is not 
restricted to ethnics or women. Any interest group or individual with 
questions or problems about discrimination is the concern of the 
Mfirmative Action program. 

Society for the Preservation of 

pr~8eQts 

AHMAD JAMAL 
Tues., October 7 - Sun., Oct. 12 

Showtimes 9 and 11 
Admission 83.50 
Catanpar8l1 Hatel 

3999 Mi ion Blvd, 458-8552 
(you mU8t be 21 ond how your 10) 

The Concert Scene 

With every album Elton John 
puts out, it seems harder for him to 
satisfy his live audience. In con-
cert, his fans always want to hear 
more, screaming for their 
favorites th.at he has yet to play. 
His perfonnances are always 
immensely popular, but people 
Invariably leave wishing that he 
had sung just one more song. 

Six Top Jazz and Rock Acts 
In San Diego This Weekend 

Elton found a cure for that 
Monday night, putting together a 
four-hour, 3O-song show at the 
Sports Arena that was described 
by many as the best concert in San 
Diego since his last appearance 
here, in 1974. It was his second stop 
in a nine-city Western tour, 
beginning and ending in Los 
Angeles. 

He said that it was the first time 
he had ever done a four-hour 
concert in America, and it easily 
satisfied the frenzied Arena fans. 
The show, which opened up just 
past 7 :30, didn't end until after 
11 :45. 

Special emphasis was put on two 
factors that made this concert and 
his present tour different from any 
in the past. First, he tried to give 

$1 .50 

by Daniel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

This weekend's concert scene is 
a heavy one, with six name groups 
from the jazz and rock fields 
performing in San Diego. 

Graham Central Station heads 
the concert that starts tonight at 8 
pm in the Sports Arena. Graham 
Central Station is headed by Larry 
Graham who says "God has a lot to 
do with it. He's like directing me 
and I'm just following His orders. I 
just lay back and wait for him to 
tell me what to do next." Also on 
the same bill are the Crusaders 
(fonnerly the Jazz Crusaders,) a 
group of 23 years standing, and 
K.C. and the Sunshine Bank, whose 
single " Get Down Tonight" 
reached number one on the Charts. 

Freddie Hubbard appears 
Sunday at 8 pm in the gym. 
Hubbard is recognized as one of the 
best trumpet players in the world 
as evidenced by his placement :,. 
both the " Downbeat" critics pol: 

"Rich 
and 
regal ••• 
Avery 
good 
boolel" 
- rhe New Yor~ T""!I' 

"The bell fanlalY 
novel of the year ... and 

perhapi of the decade. It', a mythical 
ngdom 'antal, with. marveioul heroine, Htlsfying 

Itrange be .. t" and some chilling sorcery sc:en.,_" - Locil. 

and the " Playboy" musicians poll. 
Also on Sunday, this time at 8 pm 

at San Diego State's amphitheatre 
is Boz Scaggs. Boz Scaggs has 
recently moved into Motown style 
SI)III. His latest album. as of YE't 
untitled and unreleased, WaS 
proouced by Johnny Bristol who 
has also produced the Supremes, 
Gladys Knight and the Pips, and 
others. Also on the same bill. is the 
Hawaiian group of Cecilio and 
Kapono. 

'Visions/: 15 
Short Firms 

" Visions : a Film Trip into Your 
Mind," a collection of 15 short 
films, will be shown at USB 2722, 
Saturday at 7:30and 9:30 pm. 

Among the films is one, " French 
Windows" that is an animated 
interpretation of Pink Floyd's 
" One of these Days." Another, 
"Closed Mondays" is a 1975 
Academy Award Winner. 

" Visions" was conceived as a 
vehicle for an experience in visual 
music. The film is supposed to 
stimulate emotion and thought as it 
presents a message through a 
combination of visual and musical 
effects. 

Admission is $1. 

The Trilon T1m .. I ...,ognlzed by Ihe 
Communications 80-.1 01 UCSO as Ihe 
oflielal Sludlni n_ ... _ . Publlc.llon 
Is on Mondays , Wednesd.y •• nd Friday. 
during I .... .-.gul ... school y .. r lucopl 
on olliciat hoYday" . Editorial end 
bull ..... olttces ... local., In 117 BI.ke 
Hatl on Ihe R_II. Colll1le campu., 
Univerlily at CaI"orni • • S.n Ol-uo. 

l.I.... 10 Ih. Edllor and opinion 
col"",,,. are ... lcomed. All submission. 
.'-lel be Iyped on I H·splce II .. on 
__ Milt. p..,.r. r ... y should nol 
.xeMII I"," peg.. In lenglh doubl. 
."..,.,. The Trilon 11mn ......... IhI 
righl 10 edil .. ubmlilion. _.. of 
."..,.Umilalion. or Iy ... .-.qui_nil. 

For sdltOril : call 452·3466; tor 
bu.lnnl IIld .llsplay advertlsementl . 
cell 452·3468, 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DrEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAG U 
Phone ~1-lJFE 24 hr 

Fr e couns ling, study room 
and p akers 



flllll'8 J'rIda" October I, It'11 

T" iTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
Classifieds sttould either be printed or typed on a 3"x 5" card 

(available iu Triton Times office). They may be submitted 
anytime bet een 9 and noon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The following rates are for 100 spaces - if you use more 
spaces, the rate will double. (100 spaces - .~; 101 to 200 - .5Of). 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads: students - .25, . 

nonstudents - $1 
Deadlines: 5 pm Friday for Monday; 5 pm Monday for 

Wednesday; 5 pm Wednesday for Friday. 
Announcements : free. All announcements will run in the 

Monday calendar. Deadline for calendar: 5 pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections to listings in the Schedule of 

Classes for courses will be $1. ) 

WANTEd 
Set Theory & Metllc Spaces by Kaplansky for 
Math 140A Call Judy 453·7689 Muir Apts . R· 
4 (10/3) 
Need text no longer in print lor Math 1 C. 
Used last year for Math 1 ABC by Griffin . Call 
Cindy 27(}5253. (10/3) 

Roomate wanted Own rm 10 2 Bdrm apt. w/1 
other person 2 blocks from beach. Totally 
lurn w lofflce study desk All ulillOc. except 
elec Carport. storage rm for cycles. etc . 
Neat Cruiser stop $12O/mo. 2SO HIli St. Apt. 
A Drop by or leave message on OasIs 

HCI:~IO!i Off . board for roomate avail. Bruce 
(10/31 

Someone to rap with in German lor class or Female housemates wanted tor large place in 
Cardiff . Ocean view $85 a mo. for one. $75 

for fun . Call Cheryl 452-9370(10/3) wlth2436.3516(10/3) 
Need exira cash? Paying top dollar for your 
U. S. Silver coins minted before 1965. Ken 
453-7924. (11 126) 
ALCOA now hiring. Orders Dept. 20 hrs /wk . 
Sao/wk. Call 282-2402. (10/10) 
Anthropology or Spanish major familar wtth 
the Mayan culture . Yucatan . Guatemala As ' 
Part time reservations agent for Travel 
Representative. Located In Rancho Bernardo 
at least one full day per week. Flexible with 
your school Schedule. Tel. 48>6090. (10/3) 
La Jolla community action service tutor 
program needs volunteers to work with 
Spanish speaking children Monday·Thursday 
afternoons. 454· 2543 (10/3) 

OUiet nonsmoker to share 2 BR townhouse 10 
Clalfemont. 10 mlO. to school. Own room 
512O/mo Incllutll.M/F Call John at 560·5627 
or leave phOne at x3777 (10/3) 
Wan ted Male roommate 10 share 1 BR apt in 
PBS87 SO l m 488-6710eves (10J3) 
Room In lunky downtown house $55/month 
M IF OK Call Bill days 232·2141 after 5. 232· 
3491 (10/3) 
Roommale wanled Share nice . qUiet house 
In PB S72 .50/mo No pets ph 274·0738. 
(10 / 3) 
Roommate wanted ' Male non·smoker to 
share Ig master bdrm w l own bath In 
beautiful PB house Co-ed household. Near 
beach $87 SO. water paid 270·8038 . (10/3) housiNG DEL MAR BEACH PAD. Beaullfully fur· 

Female roommate wanted to share Ig 4 BR I1Ished. center of village next to Coast 
home 10 Unlv. City with 3 of us. No tobacco Cruiser stop. cross street from beach . 2·4 
smokers . please. $97 SO/mo. imm. occ . Call persons. No pets. 5275 and up. Ocean 
ChriS. Bob. or Sue at 452· 1132 or Bob at 453- wlOdows . 15th & Camino del Mar 75>9765. 
7500 x 3723 (10 /8) ext 408 or 755-6601 . (10/3) 

Aartvark ... 
"Crab Orchard Cemetery," 
presently in the Mandeville Art 
Gallery, it's worth the trouble. 
Also, try to make it to the Boelun 
Gallery at Palomar College before 
Oct. 13 to see the show of recent 
drawings by Raul Trejo; it is ex-
cellent. 

Reg Fee ... 
registrars offices and disad-
vantaged student assistance (such 
as the Equal Opportunity 
Program). 

The spokesman said that 
although such services are inap-
propriately flmded through the reg 
fee - since instruction and related 
services are thought to be the 
responsibility of the state, not 
students - the fee may be in-
creased Wlless state money is 
provided. 

The Regents approved the 1976-
77 budget two weeks ago. The 
budget now goes to Gov. Brown, 
who will suggest changes or cuts in 
a vprsion released January. 

After the Regents consider the 
Governor's suggestions, the 
legislature will go over the 
document. A third version will be 
produced by the law-makers 
during the spring, and sent to 
Brown in June. The Governor then 
can make only deletions from the 
budget. 

Elton John ... 
away much of the spotlight to his 
new six-man back-up band and 
three vocalists . Although it 
ultimately proved impossible, he 
wanted to emphasize the " Band" 
in the Elton John Band. 

Only guitarist Davey Johnstone 
and handy man Ray Cooper 
remain from the old group, but 
with the addition of Caleb Quaye, 
and Roger Pope, two of his original 
band members, and others, the 
tJand is better than ever. The onlv 
problem is that 99% of the audience 
attention is directed toward Elton. 

He also was intent on presenting 
a musical autobiography, which 
was done in spectacular style with 
something played from each of his 

Most of their work took place in a desolate region of Baja California 
known as Punto Colonet, around 80 miles south of Ensenada. It is the only 
health facility of its kind where rural peasants can come once a month for 
medical attellt) n. 

This is one of th~ reasons why members of SATCH are now interested in 
the politics of m~icin e. They feel that the big issue in terms of health 
care is how to nal<e it available to more people, not just the few who can 
afford it. Mar y health plans were cited as inadequate because they 
provide covercge only for the seriously sick or disabled. 

It does not ht!1p in the 3r " I'If " preventative medicine," where regular 
office visits m; y be n cessary to maintain good health. 

In addition to its political and social welfare policies, SATCH has 
helped students in admission to medical school. Mcmbers are invited 
to attend spec,al ctures given by guest speakers, see films, participate 
in " mock interviews," discuss particular topics of interest, and help each 
oth r in the tut oring program. 

To find out what stud nts n cd to know in order to get admitted to 
medical school, SATCH m t with admission officers for the UCsystem in 
asp ial conference held in Fresno July 5. SATCH also sent delegates to 
th ational Chicano Health Organization's annual conference held in 
D nver, Colorado (1975) and San Antonio, Tex.as (1974). 

SAT H currently maintains two coordinators this year and has suc-
(' 'ssfully fund 'd Slxt n pcopl this past swnm r for h alth ca re 

pro~rams . Mpplin!'.; an' ht'ld (,,,pry Wedn sdu)' Ht 6 in th Student Center 
Lounge 

F M hnu m 10 In nice Solana Beach house 
SIlO mo plus ulll Call 75>9578 Close 10 
Co,,,1 C[lIlS(,1 PO/6) 

Two Qilis need Ihlrd roommale 10 share apl In 
La JOlid Village Call Janet 276·8791 Debbie 
452·9318(10/3) 
'_a Jolla community action Service lulor 
program needs volunleers 10 work wllh 
Spanish speaking children Monday·Thursday 
afternoons . 454·2543 (10/3) 
Share masler bdrm. private balh . yard . with 3 
sludenlS m Unl • . Clly . UCSO·5 min . imm . 
occ . SI05/mo. 452·9790 (1 0/3) 

fOR SAlE 
1973 VW super Beatie Good condition 
S1700 Call Dan at 452·0926 (10/3) 

Camper·converted 1967 Int"l 16' step·van. 
Excellent condition. new tiles . paint : 57.0(X) 
ml $2000 789-1705 . 

For sale SR36 Commodore calculator sq. 
root. yx . trig luncs 1 (}dlgit display. LN 
memory . and more. Like new. Recharger 
Included $95 Call V'c 560·5624 . (tO/3) 

Pioneer PL· l0 Belt Drive turntable w IShure 
M91 ED cartndge 3 mos. old 585/best offer. 
e,,11 Hal 453-3893 (10/3) 
Marantz Imperial 4G spkrs . Exc. condo 1 yr 
old 575/pr Call Bill 453·2546 if I'm not 
home Leave message . Bill (10/3) 

1970 Fender Strato·caster Sunburst Finish 
Xlnt condit ion $260 or offer . Call Dave at 
70;56')911 (10/3) 
Ll'h"" " IN'S Biochemistry. See Dan in TT 
"",, ,,1.' 0/3) 
Marantz 1030 Model Stereo Amp. S94 .99 . Dan 
436-3370 (10/3) 
3 Metal Bookshelves $4 ea . 2 Plaid cloth 
sUitcases $4 ea Call x3220. (10/3) 
Camper·Converted 1967 lilt I If' step·van. 
Excellent condilion. nr ,'. t"~ . p;i lnt . 57.000 
ml $2000 789-1705 (t tl 11 
GUltar·G,bson SG SI';I><.Iaro ~olid bMy 
double hummbucklng pick·ups . Excef cO'1d . 
w /caseS2S000 29>9921 10pm . (10/3) 
RackelS Head Pro ex cond unstrung . Call 
453·9699aller6 (10/3) 

albums, many of which he has 
rarely performed in concert. 

Several factors detracted from 
the show. As usual, the Sports 
Arena sound system was terrible, 
detracting from the clarity in 
Elton's voice. Also, at the end of 
each song, Elton told the crowd 
what he had just sung, much as a 
DJ does . It was almost as if he 
didn't expect a San Diego audience 
to know his material. 

The show was pslit into two sets, 
with a 20-minute break. In con-
trast to the eerie, mysterious 
"Funeral for A Friend" opening of 
last yea r 's show, Elton began 

1-9'Xl FOIlI Good IlansporlallOn Cal needs 0 I' Ann 
some work $125 or besl oller Sue 75>5772 0 eGa n 
(10 /3) LeGan 
Small rpiligeralor lor sale Good size for LeG a I 
dorms $35 Call 755·9578 (10/3) ~ ,a P

s 
~ y 

Psych 10 books. 512 for both exts. Also Hum 
2 lexts. Very cheap. See Rich at 232·Argo. 
(10/3) V111 love you! 

(10/3) 

Kevin (10/3) 
71 Molo Guul New Rebuilt 825 Engine 
Windshield $1375. or besl oller 27(}7212 Calhollc Siudenls" I C(JmlOQ 10 Ihe Newman 
(10 /3) Club dinner lonighl ·· II al Un IV Chur~h 5 
For sale · TurqUOIse of all descriptions . Also 
cuSlom made 10 order. Call Fred al 453-5671 . 
(10/3) 
66VW Bug New Engine (3mnlh guaranlee) 

pm BrlnQ SO cenls 110 131 

lOST & fOUNd 
good Illes . new brakes & clulch 511500rbest Losl Wallel 9/29 In Drama " . Please 
otter. 459-7109 Barry (10/3) 10 s 1\ money (I need II) 
1967 ptymouth. Clean . runs good. 18 mpg, "I onver 5 lie . 
radiO. Well mamtained $650. Call Morn Lost Walson s Molecular Biology ot the 
x43B3 . Marclaalt. 436·2918 . (10/3) Gel1l' Relurn 10TTotf'ce (10/3) 

• SERVICES Lost 10'5. etc . • Sandrra . Aubrey . Caroly Smith . Alan Kassan come 10 student 
Into desk (1013) 

N d a study aid? Buy prof apprved " Lecture Lost Black wallet with 10. Call 453-5298 
noles" Mon·Thurs 11 '00·1.00 pm. Revelle (10/3) 
(Utllll ,Un - Nat . Sci. Ie 
'i< , Tech 11 A. Bl07 . Nat Sclla . Sci 3 
u 11I",n . Ling 1 Econ lB . Econ 24. Psych lOA . 

P~ yt:1I 16A (10/3) 

LoSI in HL Restroom Wilson tenn is racket 
and II'S wooden frame. Please call 273-6066 
(10/3) 
Lost Blue check book IncludlOg d 

Tune ups. brakes minor repair . oil change, license . student 10 and B of A card If found . 
etc. Mike 488·0873 (10/22) please call 272·7663 (10/3) 

Men-Women jobs on Ships! American· 
Foreign-No experience req . Excellent pay · 
Travel. Summer joblcareer S3lor info Seafax 
Depl. B·6 . Box 2049 Port Angeles. Wash. 
98362 (10/10) 

Lost 10 Tuesday . Cont';;t Triton Times It 
found · Ross 

Lost Tues a maroon leotard and a pall of dk. 
blul'lIghts If you found them please call Sue 
454·BI97 (10/3) 

Spend less and be better dressed . Ladles Lost Tan shoulder bag. Monday 9/29 . All 10 
ready to wear BJ 's Resale . 243 N . Hwy 101 and Imporlant papers. If found . please call 
Solana Beach. 75>0558 (1 0/13) 453·5792 (10/3) 

PERSONAl 
Ms Mushroom Happy 21s t birthday . Your 
roomles al .. the Club" (1 0/3) 
ResponSible easterner here on viSit seeks 
low·power motor· blke to rent for 2·5 wks. 
Steve al 481 ·9314 

Found Ladles watch InqUire at Campus 
pohce. (10/3) 

Monday 's concert by strolling onto 
the stage and waving to the crowd. 
Dressed in white overalls and 
glasses; a blue sequined shirt and 
derby, he sat down at the piano and 
played " YourSong." 

Then, he was joined by his band 
as they went through a variety of 
Elton hits , highlighted by "Take 
Me to the Pilot," " Hercules," 
"Levon," and " Rocket Man." He 
brought the crowd to its feet at will. 
Late in the set, a woman managed 
to give him some flowers and 
receive a kiss before she was 
whisked away by the security 
guards. 

Set of keys (6) Lost last Fri. Near Gym held 
together t-v " t><own plastIC chp 452·8011 • 
John . (1 It 

TRAVEL 
SSW Travel Office • on campus charier 
flights . Inter. Student 10. etc. UCSO Inter· 
national Center. 452·0630. 11 am to 4 pm. 
Mon Wed . Frl. only (1 0/8) 

Opening the second set with 
"Funeral For A Friend," Elton 
continued with newer material like 
"Captain Fantastic," "Someone 
Saved My Life Tonight," " Dixie 
Lily," "Goodbye Yellow Brick 
Road," and " Harmony," (which 
he called his most requested song). 

" Bennie and the Jets" and 
" Bitch is Back" drew the most 
crowd response as the audience 
sang along with the choruses. The 
band then performed a pair of John 
Lennon compositions, "Lucy in the 
Sky With Diamonds" and " I Saw 
Her Standing There." 

'U YI.iaE.uity of Cafi(otnia, ,d)'an 'Di£90 
Campu~ Pt09'ta.m !Boatd 

ptE.~E.nh 

FRidAY NiGItT Flick 

[)f? II ~ f? I () II £f? 
with Burt Reynold and Jon Voight 
7:30 and 10 pm USB 2722 $1 

SATURdAY FilM 
lIl§I()II§ 
hort film !; thut merge the 

boundrie of cinemu und imuginution 
lJSU :.l722 7::iO lind 10 1 

.... --~.;;...,-


