
SCERR .Forms Proposal 
To Change Revelle GE 

by Mal'll Stadler 
The Students' Committee for 

the Evaluation of Revelle 
Requirements (SCERR) met 
Tuesday afternoon in an attempt 
to gain popular support and 
suggestions for their plan to make 
Revelle's GE requirements more 
relevant. From that meeting and 
one Wednesday, SCERR drafted a 
proposal for presentation to 
Provost Friedkin yesterday. 

Members of SCERR feel the 
Revelle GE reqUIrements are 
slanted toward the Humanities. 
Member Dan Fields said, " I have 
a lot of friends who are seniors 
who don't know what is going on 
in the world ." 

GlobOiI Ecology 

went to Friedkin will be reviewed 
by a group of Revelle professors. 

After that review there will be a 
final proposal , which will 
ultimately go to UC San Diego. 

Segal said the Academic Senate 
(AS) is "composed of Revelle 
professors" who"are very much in 
favor" of the proposed changes. 

Opposition 
Opposition to the revisions was 

voiced by Alac Nettleman, a 
former Revelle student. He said 
he thought the Humanities 
sequence is a strong point of 
Revelle, because it makes 
students write and study about 
the past. He believes the major 
point of college is to teach 

Continued on POige 3 

Regent Committee Approves 
Housing; Final OK Expected 

by John H. hylor 
LOS ANGELES - The Regents' 

Committee on Grounds and 
Buildings yesterday gave UC San 
Diego the go-ahead to sign a $4.5 
million contract to build a 200 
unit married student housing 
complex south of the M esa 
apartments . 

The action is expected to be 
accepted by the Regents in 
general session today . The 
contracting firm is Mabie and 
Mintz, a San Diego Company. 

In other developments Thurs-
day: 
eThe Grounds and Building 

Committee recommended to the 
Regents that a plan to temporarily 

fortify the Un ivers ity 's 
Sacramento Medical Center 
determined .in . two separate 
reports to be seismically unsafe, 
be rejected in favor of $6.5 

has been c'alled for because of a 
$45 million gap in accounts 
receivable at UC's five medICal 
school and hospital facilities, an 
amount some Regents say result 

The proposal , as it stood 
Tuesday, will include a three 
quarter Humanities sequence, a 
three quarter social science 
equence, each quarter dealing 

With a different discipline and a 
two quarter inter-disciplinary 
course, which would include a 
global ecology class . The 
lang uage requirement would 
remain, With an added option of 
studying a foreign culture in-
stead 

Reg Fee AdCom Meets 
To Begin '75-'76 Budget 

Proposed Apartment Complex. 
millinn worth of improvements from counties skimping on 
to facilities there. responSibilities to UC hospitals 

Anoth r possible addition 
would be a thre quarter com 
po Itlon qu n e, With a slant 
toward com munications . The 
math and cience requirements 
would r main the ame. 

CERR members say they must 
hav the same number of 
requirements to get the change~ 
approved . 

SCE RR member Charyn Segal 
explained that the proposal that 

High Taxes 
Hit by 
YAFGroup 

The California Young 
Americans for Freedom (YAF), 
headed by UC San Diego. Y AF 
chairman Tom Tanana, an-
nounced Tuesday in San Diego 
the formation of a statewide 
taxpayers protest group. 

The purpose of the group, 
according to Tanana, is to protest 
the rising rate of taxation . ' 
" Americans now pay 47 percent 
of th ir income on taxes ; whether 
they be income taxes or excise 
taxes," said Tanana . 

Though the statewide project is 
being co-ordinated by the 
Ca lifornia YAF , many other 
groups ar also participating. 
The e Include the State Liber-

'\anan Party, the Church of 
SCientology, Taxpayers Con-
cerned, a number of Republican 
organizations, and California 
tate senators H .L. " Bill " 

Richardson and John Stull. 
Tanana said that YAF has 

prepared cards which may be sent 
to legislators and to the Internal 
Revenue Service (IRS) detailing 
the taxpayers protest . Included 
With each card will be a tea bag, 
ommemorating the Boston Tea 

Party and the plrit of 1776 In 
April or May the group IS plan-
ning a march In Los Angeles 
Tht'r(> the group Will pitket the 
I eglonal office of the IRS 

by POitti Wolf 
Discussion of the long-range 

student affairs plan and in-
troduction of.... committee 
members were the main agenda 
items of the initial 1974-75 
Student-Faculty Advisory 
Committee for Student Fee 
Program meeting held earlier 
this week . 

The committee was presented 
the task of following the long 
range student affairs plan for UC 
San Diego, deleting or adding 
programs and student services 
and eradicating a $300,000 deficit 
confronting next year's budget. 

liT rOinslOition" 
"Translation is the job of the 

committee," said co-chairman 
George Murphy, vice-chancellor 
of student affairs, indicating that 
the members are charged with 
allocating an appropriate sum to 
a given program or service. The 

-budget, which is under con-
sideration will utilize ap-

proximately $2 .3 million , ac-
co rding to co-chairman and 
undergraduate-at-Iarge represen-
tative Tom Leanse. 

Overseeing 30 programs , 
student services and activities, 
the committee is charged with 
" pending the registration fee as 
to the Interest and help of the 
students in the university," says 
Leanse. The money is earmarked 
exclusively for student services 
and affairs, not for academic 
programs. A major portion of reg 
fee money goes for salaries in 
such departments as student 
employment, intercollegiate 
athletics, the Student Center, the 
housing supervisor and career 
education and planning . 

The committee is divided 
equally among the 12 student and 
administrative members-each 
college maintains a represen-
tative . It receives funding 
primarily from the registration 
fee, which is $100. of the $212. 
paid per student, per quarter. 

Continued on Pale 6 

e The Regents heard discussion e Finally, the speCial Regent 
of a proposal from legislative Committee on Reorganization 
analyst A. Alan Post calling for decided W dnesday that It would 
the termination of the UC Irvine postpone until next month its 
College of Medici,:e and the recomendatlons as to whether the 
transfer of its students and staff to Board of Regents should accept 
a propo ed expanded medical student and faculty members 
facility at UC Davis The transfer Continued on Page 3 

Election Day Monday 

BRG Nominations Open 
The Budget Resource Group (BRG), the organ that recommends how 

the Student .Cooperative's funds should be allocated, will accept 
nominations at next Monday's meeting in the Student Center for the 
committee's four at-large positions. 

Seven nominations were submitted at last Monday's meeting. All 
nominees, said BRG coordinator Rudy Luque, will be expected to 
answer questions from the Coop membership at the meeting thl 
Monday. 

He said elections for the BRG will be held at the same meeting, and 
added that the process of allocating about $9,000 of student activ it 
fees will begin almost immediately. 

Luque emphasized that although any undergraduate student may be 
nominated for one of the positions, the four slots were created to 

rcounter any ethnic, racial , or sexual imbalances that exist among the 
four members of the BRG that are chosen by the colleges. 

Curly the Clown: 
"I'm A Personality" 

by Sara Lowen 

I wOlsn't quite sure what to expect when I set out to interview ' 
Curly the Clown. Curly [ for the benefit of those who are out-of· 
touch with TV eommerciOlls, magazine ads and parades J is San 
Diego's top clown. Furthermore, Curly [also known as Rich Wise I 
has uhieved this distinction at the age of 23. Curly did not do an 
prOitfOilis or urtwheels for me durinlt the interview; in fOlet , he was 

COMMENTARY 
more like Rich Wise thOin Curly. When he is out of make-up, the 
only thing OIbout Rich thOit suggests Curly is his klOlXon-like laugh 

Rich WOlS mOl«er-of-fut OIbout his fOime. " I'm 01 personOilit now," 
he OIdmits. He uknowledges thOit most of hh; fOime hOis come 
thro"lh the clownology dOiss thOit he stOirted at SC SU two years OIgo. 
The clownology class WOlS the- first of its kind, iIInd stories OIbout 
Curly OInd the clOiss hne .ppeOired in 1he LA Times OInd other big city 
newspapers, in "People" OInd "Woman's Do. " mOigOlzine , 01 well OIS 
being urried by AP OInd UPI. 

Rich feels thOit there is 01 science to being 01 clown. He teuhes 
mOille-up, costume design OInd pantomime in his c1us. hch student 
creOites his own clown ehOiruter. Rich feels, however, thOit 01 r~.1 
clown is more Ih n costume OInd mOille-up. "To be 01 clown, you 
need 01 pOirk in you; 01 true clown hu to be gOime for OInythinx." An 
import .. nt function of the c101ss, Rich believe , is helping people 

Continued on 3 



Thoughts at Sundown 
The day draws to a close, the liaht havina mutated into the soft 

grey that precedes the dark. A cool breeze comes in throuah the open 
window, mixing with a piano concerto spewed forth by the radio and 
the noise of the traffic on the freeway, while the lights of the city are 
turned on, burning the oil that is brought at areat cost from the 
Arabian desert, where Egypt and Israel become ever more entrenched 
in their respective sand dunes and Kissenger runs around on 
"Goodwill missions, attempting to prevent what is probably 
inevitable, in the process denying any knowledge of just what it is 
that has kept Brezhnev in Moscow, replying "no comment" to the 
rumors that swarm in Washington, where President Ford is reworking 
the details of his unimaginative and doubtless ineffective programs 
designed to end the recession and stop inflation, restore jobs and 
lower prices, which he will deliver in his State of the Union speech on 
Wednesday; the flurry of economic. problems, who remembers the 
fate of the people. the 200 million Americans, the fate of the millions 
more that are starving in India, Pakistan, Africa and the Far East, 
where the Vietnam War continues, awaiting the time when the North 
will wipe out the South, which is experiencing a serious shortage of 
fuel and material, its economy failing, in which respect it differs little 
from the condition of the European nations, who seem to be heading 
en mass towards economic collapse and perhaps revolution, Italy and 
France from labor strife, England from labor disputes and Irish 

terrorism, from which it attempts to escape by dreaming about the 
lost days of empire, lost in nostalga for the days when Brittania did in 
fact rule the waves, long before it lost India and after it lost America, 
which might have been a blessing in disguise for the British, for the 
problems here, while not yet as bad as in Europe, are headed in a 
direction which may yet see our demise, if not from our own actions, 
then at the hands of foreign producers, as he once proud nation 
secures its borders against the barbarians who have always been the 
nemisis of defunct empires, for which purpose an aircraft carrier sits 
silhouetted against the bay in San Diego, barely discernable in the 
growing gloom ; a few stars have appeared in the east, blocked 
temporarily by the wings of an approachIng jet, burning Arabian oil 
and returning exhausted businessmen trom a frustrating and partially 
successful conference in far away cities, returning them to the homes 
of their wives and children, returning them to their television sets, in 
front of which they will settle down with a drink and forget that there 
is anything more in the world than the beautiful plastic face of the 
singer on the screen before them . 

Where will it all end, I wonder, pouring myself a glass of wine and 
turn ing on the light to chase away the dark. 

Revolutionize Yourself 
Every Moment 

By David Macrae 
At a KSDT administration meeting I had the pleasure of talking to 

Charles Heimler, Editorial Director. Through our d iscussion it came to 
me that the San Diego medias, i.e. radio-TV-newspaper-etc., are 
creating ambivolent, dogmatic psuedo-realities which "amourously" 
prelude their protocols and socio-reasoning, which further 
stigmatizes people's interrelations and mental psychologies. They 
seem to be some set of lesions which act as enunchizers. They should 
be removed. 

This could be done by liberating ourselves of 'useless TV' (all but 
educational), and by taking a hand in community newspapers, such 
as the Triton Times. Through this we can combat some of the 
medias obreptive tendencies to create a passive, apathetic bile in 
which people become prisoners. We can then avoid uncreativity in 
which journalism, TV, and radio become nothing more than an in-
finitum of cerebral blanketing in which the 'Espirit' is drained of all 
imagination, love, originality and creativity, 

We should have a perpetual explosion which constantly allows the 
communication, including verbal, to change and progress rather than 
distort by containing peoples energies within anything which implies 
restraint, institutionalization or other forms of metamorphasis, 

I'm inferring optimistically that People let their sentiments become 
part of the metaphysical reality, and will let it be known in a con-
stuctive manner, which can facilitate changes. . 

The People's Repl,lblic of China is an example of a structure in 
which political -l.nd sociological philosophies are continually under 
the auspices of 5Qtutinization by not just a government, but by the 
people themse ves. Through thiS, people's wills create the at-
mosphere of m ~diation rather than the wealthy conservatives who 
now control it. I ' conclude by saying revolutionize yourself every 
moment, even if you only nail someone into a box. There has never 
been too much creativity, too much thought or too much education . 

Malcolm A. Smith, editor 
Edward E. Simons, managing edit07 
John H. Taylor, city editor 
Joni Moody, copy editor 
Charles Heimler, editorial director 
Riv-" Rodewa(d, business manager 

The Tn'ton Times publishes Mo"day, Wednesday and Fn'day as 
an officially recognized student newspaper, published by the 
ucsb Communications Board, For advertising, phone 452·3468. 
For editorial and news, phone 452-3466, 

P~ge 2 Triton Times J~nuary 17, 1975 

w , 
THI HOUII IXAMINII THI COMMmll CHAIDIN 

Letters 

Revelle Renaissance Revolt 
In regards to the article " Revelle GE 

Requirements Challenged." [Triton Times Ian. 10] I 
have the following comments. 

While I have not seen the actual proposal (since 
it does not exist). I am opposed in principle to the 
change suggested in the article. I firmly believe the 
concept of the renaissance man is a relevant and 
viable concept. I am opposed to any change that 
would degrade or negate this ideal. Naturally, I am 
not opposed to making the requirements more 
flexible such as making more o!)tions available. I 
am opposed to any reduction in requirements. 

The concept of the renaissance man, when 
appropriately carried out, provides for people with 
a broad spectrum of interests and abilities . I believe 
many of our problems, particularly of a 
technological nature, were caused by narrow-
minded and short-sighted technocrats, I also 
believe any substantial and lasting change must 
come from people who are familiar with a broad 
range of knowledge. For this reason , I am opposed 
in principle to the reduction of Revelle general 
education requirements. As far as actual objections 
to the system as posed in the article, I have the 
following comments. 

SALUTES 
THE 

TRITON 
TIMES 
ON ITS 

FIRST ISSUE 
OF 

BARNEY 

First. the Literature and History departments are 
not overdeveloped. They could be used past their 
present potential if this school did not have the 
reputation of being SO goddamned science and pre-
med oriented . 

Second, just because major choices are being 
made earlier, there is no sufficient reason to reduce 
the number of requirements so that students may 
start on their major sooner. I assume that this 
argument is one of those advanced by Charyn 
Segal. Let's keep our requirements and the breadth 
they imply, perhaps with more options to make 
them more palatable, and avoid becoming a 
Cal tech of the South or an MIT of the West . 

.. NICHOLAS PAPADOPOULOS 

********** 
Regarding the attempts of SCERR to revi se the 

Revelle degree requirements : an essential feature of 
the Renaissance man is that he never has been and 
never can be forced to be a Renaissance man . 

Laconically yours, 
MARK McCARTY 

Campus 
Program 
Board 

Low 
.Blows 

by Edward Simons 

and~ 
.., .. eap 
Shots 

Blood 
Money 

tube in Dave's bag Finished, he bent down &0 NipE' lip 
the blood . 

. Don't ask me why. but Hans kept his loose changE' In 
hiS breast poc~et . When he bent down to deal with thE' 

~Iood, I~ fell rnto the blood. I think it was thell that I 
first n?tlced ~ grad student walk by, shaking hiS ht'ad 
and clicking hiS tongue against the roof of his mouth . 

.The .money was all bloody so he picked It up and 
Wiped It off. He stood and carefully placed each cOin in 
his pocket. Unfortunately. he dropped one and when he 
bent over-well .. ,At this. the grad students wen! berserk 
clicking like hell, sounding like a rain forest at night ' 

Hans got Wise and put the dough in his hip pocket. 
then threw a couple of quite bloody towels in the 
wastebasket , 

Now, tor the first time, it can be revealed. This is the 
true story about those dauntless men in the V.A. 
Hospital's lipid Research Clinic and four Revelle 
College students who were out for a few bucks. 

I was at the Revelle Cafeteria's After Hours Club.the 
Coffee House, if you prefer. A hot cup of coffee and I 
were endeavoring to become one when a mutual friend 
came to sit with us . After a suitable preamble, my friend 
looked about rather furtively and in hushed notes said 
"Would you like to make an easy S25? Tax free I" ' , 

At the clinic we met the other half of the data Dale 
Scott ~n~ Dave Kaplan . We spent twenty minutes telling 
vampire ,okes before the two doctors arrived. What they 
were doctors of was never established. 

But the circus wasn 't over yet. Remember the syringes 
full of blood? The samples Dave and I bled for science 
were side by side on the table. A certain amount of 
confUSion became evident . Fritz didn't remember 
whose was whos~ , When he told Hans the story, Hans 
made the claSSIC statement that will forever ring 
through the halls of Medical Science' 

"Veil , trow dem avay, den ." 
The wastebasket was now in open competition With 

the bags for our blood. 
The grad students were simply goo-goo at Hans' 

statement. The clicking. had given way to Jesus Christ's 
and goddamn's. In fact, they had now formed an ad-hoc 
Board of Supervisors and were watching amusedly from 
the other end of the room. Serene detachment was not 
to be theirs for long. 

We rathe~ felt like cattle pulling into Omaha anyway, 
and the arrrval of the Dyspeptic Duo on the scene did 
nothing to mitigate our terror . 

The stage was set. 
Ordinarily, I w?uld jump at the chance of scoring 

easy dough, but hiS manner made me cautious . So, I just 
le~,ned ac;ross the table,and wrenched his lapels . 

. Both had what seemed to be European accents of 
rndeterminate origin . We shall call them Hans and Fritz 
for convenience . 

" Let's see. Kaplan, Scott, Nealon and Simons 
correct?" " 

Dave and I were now past danger while Jim and Dale 
had their vascular systems raped. 

Tell me how, you disreputable wang." I screamed 
(sotto voice, of course) . 

"Look," he said, removing my phalanges from the 
corduroy, "calm down. All you have to do is give a pint 
of blood." 

We lowed acknowledgment. Hans the Hemogoblin 
led us into the inner sanctum where we saw a number of 
grad st,ude~ts , They eyed us curiously; they knew 
someth lng, It was obvious. 

.1 suppose the Twain Twerps had gotten the hang of 
thmgs because Scott's episode was rather eventless. Jim 
gave them yet another problem to deal with. 

Jim's vein had closed, you see, despite valiant efforts 
to the c~'"trary . Ha~s and Fritz were at a loss for awhile. 

,The guy was serious, I decided, returning his stare. 
(I ve never kept a stare yet .) Loathe though I am to part 
With the red stuff, I was still interested in the idea. 

Hans cursorily explained the experiment and asked 
for a volunteer. They got to Dave first. 

I don t know which one of them finally got the idea 
but It went over big with the brain trust. ' 

The plan wa~ this : Hans would withdraw the syringe 
full of blood and hand it to me. I would give him an 
empty one, and put the blood he gave me into the bag. 

':A pint's just a little bit, isn 't it Bobl" He assured me 
of It and added that a person could misplace a pint or so 
of the old Iron complex and not miss a beat. 

~K. I thought, I've always liked green better anyway, 
BeSides, my wallet needed a transfusion , 

"All right, Bob. Let me have the five W's," 
Bright and early B-<Jay, I went to Jim Nealon's room 

and together we walked to the hospital. We were to eat 
nothing until after. . 

Dave was seated in a large easy chair and Fritz 
pre~ared the patient. For three minutes it went without 
a hitch, then fate played its hand. The tube carrying 
Dave's blood to, the plastic. bag popped out of the bag 
and began to bUild an allUVial deposit on the floor Hans 
and Fritz exchanged obscure Indo-European expietives 
and ran to Dave, Fritz produced some towels from 
somewhere and gave them to Hans. Fritz came back to 
work . on me, withdrawing 30 or so milliliters of 
Amencan Beauty blood. This was evidently necessary 
and they had done the same to Dave also. ' 

~he grad students had now dropped all pretense of 
activity and ",,:ere now engaged in full-time observing 
The bucket-brrgade scheme held their imaginations as 
nothing previous had. 

The doctors were soon finished with us and were now 
putting a band-aid on Jim's arm. We were just about to 
leave the lab when a curious thing happened. 

The oven on the opposite wall of the lab exploded 
forcing everyone to leave the place. ' 

Hans. in the meantime, had managed to re-insert the And I swear it all happened just like I've said. 

Curly the Clown 
Continued from Page 1 
relie~e tension~ overcome their inhibitions and increase their self-
confidence, 

Rich is a self-taught clown. He was a drama m~jor in college when 
he discovered that he only liked the comedy aspect of drama. He 
combined his drama background with studying clowns at the circus 

~o create the character of Curly. Rich soon discovered that clowning 
IS much harder th~n it looks, "Working four hours at clowning feels 
like twelve hours of work. You have to be able to take the beatings 
that people give you ," 

Rich feels that clowns have a very important role in today's world, 
"L?Ok at the new,s today : Watergate, pl~nes crashing, cost of living 
gomg up. What IS there to laugh about? A clown provides comit 
relief for society, With the state of the country now, I think clowns 
~II ov~r the world h~ve an obligation to cheer people up'!" Was he 
Implymg th~t adults need clowns more than children d01 "Adults 
need clowns as much as kids do, Adults actually appreci~te clowns 
more. than kids do ... No one's too sophisticated to enjoy a clown-
Ihey lust think they are. I can alw~ys find ~ w~y to tickle someone's 
funny bone," 

Rich e.pl~ined that makinl people lauah is his job, nol something 
he does all his wakina hours. "Curly is ~ facet of my personality I 
don'I clown around that much when I'm out ~f 
costume .. ,Sometimes, when I'm out of costume people don't take 
me seriously because they know th~t I'm a clo~n •. But there's one 
advantale to being a clown: You can only get ~way with so much 
o~t of costume, but boy, wh~t you can Bet away with in costume!" 
Rich/Curly b~asted his circus laugh, 

Reasons for Roots. 
No.4. Naturally shaped toes. 
Roots roomy uppers aren't shaped like ordinary 
shoes. But they are shaped like ordinary fee\. Your 
toes will stay healthfully uncrowded. 

The Sport Root. 
one of 10 styles. 

Sold only at Roots shops. 
Gift certificates available. 
10909 KiIU'OlS fIw., Westwood ViIIaQe (213) 478-0101 
1218 Prospect St, La JoIa, Calif,· (714) 459-5000 

City feet need Roots. 

Married StudentHousing OK Expected 
Continued from Page 1 

200 Units 
The apartment complex, 

would be better spent, said 
Regent Chairman William French 
Smith . on " lifesaving in patient 
care". It was pointed out that the 
last major earthquake activity in 
the immediate area of the center 
was in 1892. Under the adopted 
plan , the money would be spent 
on improvements, to the extent 
possible, in parts of the hospital 
not determined to require 
restructuring. The plan calls for 
major reconstruction work to 
begin within five years . 

Less Costly 
The transfer of the medical 

school from Irvine to Davis. aid 
Post in his statement. is proposed 
because of a gap in account 
receivable at the University' 
teaching and cli nica l facilities 
He said Irvine had been chosen to 
lose its Med school because the 
cost of the transfer would be Ie s 
than with anyone of the other 
four . 

The joint legislative Committee 
Continued_on Page 6 

designed primarily for married 
students but available also to 
groups of three or four students of 
the same sex, will consist of 200 
two-bedroom apartments and 2 
central service areas, The con-
tract that is expected to be ap-
proved today is the result of a 
turnkey bid system, in which 
co ntractors submitted both 
completed plans and con-
struction estimates for a set of 
specifications provided by the 
University . 

SCERR Prepares GE Changes 
The Sacramento Medical 

Center proposal calls for S6.5 
million for correcting patient care 
deficienCies, equipment 
replacement , and modernization. 

The committee decided that 
the proposed strengthening 
would not appreciably reinforce 
the structure, and that the money 

C..ontinued from Page 1 
writing, and that removal of some 
Humanities courses would 
alienate non-science students. 

Nettleman also objected 
strongly to making global ecology 
a r~uirement , He said, "You 
can t force people to be 
relevant...You' li have a backlash 

Your roommate 
has a $2,000 stereo 

and four Donny 
Osmond albuRls. 
You ~ )Uurself an Oly. 

Olvmpla BreWing Company, OlymplI, Wash.nglon 'OlY' 
All Olympia emplle. are recyclable 

of people against global 
ecology." 

SCERR members feel dif-
ferently. Charyn Segal said global 
ecology " is everything ... We feel 
it's the most important course of 
all." 

"WOk or THE WEEk" 
"Oynasty Beef" 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

lUISIN( 
om,..,. Hou,.; 
MOtt · n..., Ii- 10 

Frl-S.rJ· " 

BHI ~ndwinr 
sel'\'~~ 

10 .... Discount with 
UCSO Sfu*nt 10 

AMPU PARkiNG 
459·'842 
L .. loll .. Blvd. • 

-iiii 

P~.e 3 Triton Tintel January 17, 1975 



M,,. Sports On Pag. 5 

Spikers Take Third at A'II-Cal 
Last weekend turned out to be 

an adventuresome one for the 
men's volleyball team as they 
journeyed to Davis to represent 
UCSD in the annual AII-Cal 
Tournament . The team left Friday 
on an afternoon flight and were 
well accommodated by the time 
tournament play began Saturday 
morning. Usually, the AII-Cal 
consists of a round-robin 
schedule among all eight cam-
puses. However, this year the 
tourney was shortened by 
dividing the teams into two pools 
with a win-loss record deter-
mination of the top two teams in 
each pool . These four teams play 
off for the championship. In 
regular play, the Tritons split 
games with Berkeley winning the 
first 15-6 and dropping the second 
13-15. Next, the team faced Santa 
Barbara (the eventual winners) 
and dropped two quick games by 

OMr Student, 

identical scores of 15-4, 15-4. But 
the Tritons regrouped and 
defeated the Santa Cruz team 
twice to take second place and 
proceed to the semi-finals. UCLA 
ended the Spiker's hopes by 
defeating the San Diegans by 

Deharking at Davis 

1222 Prospect Street 

454-8806 

Our DELI WITH JEWISH SOUL hoo •• 13 peg. 
menu . grMt to llrectlce ._d re.dlng, 

The Sendwlchoo. you won't forg.t·· ."en If 
yOU went to. Ignorl the Ilrell08lt1on .ndlng, 
but yOu won' t be abl. to Ignor. THE MA VlN 'S 
unique ,.ataul1Int w ith • whol. new ex· 
IIlrllncl In .. tlng 1I1 ••• u .... 

w. tumult from 8 In the mOrn until 10 at nlte 
I (Fri. & Sat. n' tll 12 or ao.' Shalom , 

Phyllis & Stan 

UCSD Campus Prog ram Boa rd 

scores of 15-6 and 15-4. The 
Bruins lost a close final game to 
Santa Barbara to place second for 
the day. 

The Tritons, with all of three 
full days of practice, played 
surprisingly well. This year's front 
line is a towering improvement 
over last season's with Peter 
Brown and AI Sotoa adding much 
needed height and jumping 
ability, respectively . Team 
captain , Bruce Cazden, along 
with now back row specialist Tim 
Myrick and the Triton setters 
composed of Dave Rosenberg 
and John Lee, played well 
throughout the grueling one-day 
confrontation. The team expects 
much needed hitter-setter 
coordination to develop with 
daily practice. 

The team will travel to UC 
Irvine tonight for a best 3 of 5 
game match with the Anteaters. 

Casa La 
Guitarra 

Fine im ported guitars 
from Spain 

Roberto Torres 
instructor of the 
Classic Guitar 

5649 La Jolla Blvd. 
454-537j1 

presen1S 

FOLK ENSEMBLE 
80 thrilling dancers, singers, instrumentalists 

sunday, january 26 8pm 
info : 452 -4559 ucsd gymnasIum tic ke t s : $ 3 .5 0 

The Pants Fair 
DISCOUNTS January 

Clearance 
Sale Save Up To 70% 

Only at The Pants Fair 
The Discount Center of Brand Name 

Pants, Shirts, Tops, Jackets, Etc. 
For His & Her 

Sale ends January 31st 
PLUS! $1.00 off for UCSD students anytime 
1471 Garnet Ave. Pacific Beach 270-0430 

Pale 4 Triton Times Jan ... " 17, 1975 

Instant Replay 

U~U Stops, JV's, 76-68 
by Dave Eilert 

Feeling that there aren't 
enough re-runs on television, 
UCSD's junior varsity basketball 
squad is now doing their part to 
show the sports world a large 
number of repeats . The Tritons 
gained a seventh successive loss 
while losing to USIU Tuesday 
night 76-68 in a contest played 
almost identically to the one last 
Saturday night. 

Led by Joe Creenstein, UCSD 
cut an 18 point deficit to two 
before losing to Azusa Pacific 
Saturday night. This time, the 
Tritons sli ced a 22 point margin 
(56-34) to three (68-65) behind 
the scoring of Clen Polk and Lee 
Brockett , before being downed by 
the Westerners. 

UCSD coach Bob McCook 
realizes that all of the team's 
games have been instant replays, 
but according to him, th~re's 
nothing he can do about it . 

" Every game has been just 
about the same," McCook said . 
"We play poorly for the last ten 
minutes of the first half, and then 
we have to play cat ch-up. I really 
don't have any answers, though . 
The whole team is working ex-
tremely hard , but the same 
thing keeps happening." 

The play of Polk was definitely 
the Triton highlight . Polk tallied 

20 points, 16 of them in the 
second half, and in one spot in 
the comeback, four consecutive 
baskets. He also captured his ' 
usual high total of steals. 

"Polk played his finest game of 
the year. He did exactly what he 
was supposed to do, get 
penetration of the ball inside," 
said McCook. 

From the beginning, UCSD 
failed to take advantage of a 
height advantage under the 
basket, missing shots consistently 
from inside five feet . USIU, 
combining these misses with their 
own good passing attack took an 
early lead and was never headed. 

The Tritons trailed 44-29 at 
halft ime, and didn't start the 
comeback until five minutes into 
the second half. In the next nine 
minute period, Polk scored 14 
before fouling out, and Brockett 
added eight in the UCSD scoring 
streak . 

The Westerners used a semi -
stall in the remaining minutes, 
foiling the Triton defense, and 
holding on to the win . 

UCSD's )V's meet Victor Valley 
JC in a home game tonight , 
starting at 7 :30. This reporter 
predicts the Tritons first victory 
will be In this contest . 

If so, UCSD will go for win 
number two tomorrow night at 
Point Loma College . If not, the 
Tritons will play the game 
anyway 

USAFA, Tritons Meet 
The UCSD's Men's Swim Team 

dives into action this Saturday in 
what promises to be a most in-
teresting season . Coach Gary 
Becker's twelve aquanauts take 
on a strong Air Force team in a 
dual meet at 4 :00 in the home 
natatorium . For those of you who 
need an extra incentive to come 
out and support your team, one 
featured item at the meet will be 
the presence of Lt . Mikki King, 
who will be coaching the Falcon 's 
diving contingent. Miss King, an 
Olympic gold medal winner, is 
possibly one of the few people 
who can really lay claim on being 
an international celebrity. 

The meet wi 11 not be a glamour 
event in entirety, however, as 
there will be plenty of talent in 
the pool as well as on the 
sidelines . The Triton team 
consists of only one returner, Jack 
Crobstein, who will be swimming 
in the butterfly events this 

season . Talented freshmen make 
up the bulk of the squad; among 
them being Joel Clover, Dave 
Tamura, Dave Denton, Mike Lee 
and Bob Alei (of Triton water 
polo reknow n). 

Coach Becker noted that not 
only is the team inexperienced, 
but also is a bit out of shape due 
to a lack of time for conditioning 
training . However, in time, this 
will not pose too much of a 
problem. Becker also 'expressed 
optimism about three things : (1) 
the team has talent, (2) a lot of 
individual school records can be 
broken this season, and (3) he 
hopes that the team will be able 
to break the school record for 
dual meets in a season . 

In Women's swim team action, 
the Tritonettes also see action 
this Saturday as they take on 
Pomona at 11 :00 in an away 
mElet. 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING 

1£~S NlkO~ 
N Sl'S SJ's1"~ c,..trI0 ills 

COWR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODA.K 
PENTAX, OLYMPUS, • KONlCA. C4MERA.S. LENSES 

LAllGE DAIIKIIOOII DEPAllTMBn 
INCWDlNG 

KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES·SERVICE·TRADES·REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAV.S CAMERA SHOP 
7717FAYAW . 

4 ... 73 ••. 

.~~~~~~~~~ARTS SUPPLEMENT TO THE TRITON TIMES __ 

anuary 17, 
• ~ ~ I 

j 

As the Concert Business Sinks Slowly in the West 
It's apparent that concerts are in trouble 

in San Diego, if not everywhere . Cood 
shows are becoming increasingly scarce. I 
read in the READER that Mike Harrison, 
program director for KPRI , thinks that 1974 
was a great year for concerts here. The visits 
of such notables as David Bowie and Elton 
John have made San Diego a major concert 
town . 

I would like to respond by saying that big 
names do not necessarily imply good shows. 
On the contrary, my experience has beer 
th at the " Creat Ones" tend to be rather 
disappointing in San Diego . This brings me 
back to the issue at hand, namely : that there 
IS a general malaise infecting the concert 
business. 

To find out more, the TT sent Arts Editor 
Larry Deckel to interview, San Diego's "King 
of Concerts", promoter Jim Pagni last fall , 
who immedietly likened the situation to the 
boxing business of the 50's and 60's. Rock, 
like boxing, has become "overexposed on 
TV " In addition , "crooks" have become 
involved, people who are looking for that 
{Juick buck . Coupled with a general lack of 
talent on the music scene, Pagni thinks 
these conditions are responsib le for the 
crowds taperin g off in recent years. 

" I used to do 45-50 concerts a year, but I 
only do 20-25 now. Croups break up, then 
try to get back togeth er 5 years I ater and it 
just doesn 't work. There's no more Joplin or 
Hendrix or Doors around anym ore. The 
crowds just want to see the big groups like 
Bowie or Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young." 

J.J .'S 
Pagni predicted a long time ago that 

concerts would have a tendency to move to 
smaller halls to accommodate small r 
audiences. In keeping with his prediction, 
Pagni helped to set up Jl's that now in-
famous club on Pacific Coast Highway. 
Most of us remember how it used to be-theY" 
always had good groups . Now, it seems Jl's 
is lucky to get the best 10 c,il I talent . There is 
a reason for all of thi s. According to Pagni , 
the landlord became greedy and wanted 
half of Pagni 's share of the take, so Pagni 
" decided to pass." 

" JI' was working out v ry well. We were 
in the bla( k, and no club goes into the black 
that quiCK It wa my in fluence that got 
groups like Steely Dan andJesseColin Young 
to play there. in e I've I ft , they've had 
nothin g worth two c nt s. It' too bad the 
guy (landlord) cut off his nose to spite his 
fa ce. but that's e~ac tly what he did " 

Pagni will probably come up with anot~er 
small club, but the recent demise of 
Tuesdays, a rock club located downtown, is 
certainly not a good omen ... However, Pagni 

by Jim Shipman 

has one thing going for him that few people 
can boast of : " I have the abi lity to book 
groups better than anyone else here." He's 
been in the business for 2 years, and that's 
bound to foster a lot of contacts in the 
con cert promotion business. 

The Production Aspect 
It takes an average of S10,000 to produce 

a concert . Profits can be in the $3,()()().4,OOO 
range, but the potential for loss is much 
greater-$10,(J()().15,OOO in some cases. Pagni 
suspects that 75-80% of the concerts in San 
Qiego lose money. In spite of that , there is 
sti ll tremendous competition among 
promoters and producers. 

The process of concert production is 
interesting. One can't have a show without 
artists, so determining who is available is 
the first step. The agency for the artist calls 
the promoter and firms up dates, etc. "You 
try to book acts which complement each 
other," says Pagni. "You don't wilnt to 
couple led Zeppelin with Jose Feliciano." 

Four weeks before the show starts, the 
production aspect begin s with tickets, 
publ ici ty and pictures. Then a week or ten 
days before the concert the technical 
features are worked out. " It's a regular 
system," commented Pagni. " There's no 
aesthet i cs to a concert presentation 
anymore ." 

The San Diego Concert Scene 
"San Diego suffers f(om a bad reputation 

in the rock world pecause it's so slow to sell 
out a concert. Elton Jo hn sold out in LA in a 
matter of hours, while in San Diego it took 
two weeks . A lot of major groups just don 't 
wan t to play here . Ceorge Harrison Just 
passed o n San Diego during his last tour." 
Judging from the reviews he's been getting, 
it 's a lucky thing that George spared us the 
price of admission to hear h is sore thrbat . 

Which brings us to a favorite target 
among concert-goers . titket prices. "What 
determin es the price of a ticket is the cost of 
the arti t ," says Pagn i. "That is absolute fact. 
Most big groups want $15,000-25,000, so 
you have to have a ticket price you can live 
with I've had 10,000 people at $5.50 a head 
and lost money. San Diego concerts are 
always less than comparable markets. It's a 
better atmosphere, too . What costs $5:50 in 
San Diego is generall y $7.50 in LA o r 
Phoenix " 

It ems those $5 .50 days ar numbered, 
though. The Jethro Tull concert on February 
1 weigh In at a hefty $7.50 a hot . This is 
not to contradict Jim Pagni, because he isn't 
handling Tull's how. 

The Artists Themselves 
As far as our rock idols go, we all know 

that they' re the good guys, right? "Oh, I got 
news for ya '," retorts Pagni. " You ought to 
interview some of them, thai 's an ex-
perience You 'll find out what a real asshole 

can be." 
The artists and their managers have taken 

to tacking on "riders" on their contracts 
with promoters, for such things as wine, 
Courvoisier, meals and other amenities. 
" I've really got jaws about that," says Pagni. 
" I'm paying those people S10,000-15,OOO a 
night and they can't feed themselves ! 
Promoters were baSically starting that (as a 
favor) and now the acts expect it. I used to 
do it just to be a good guy to them, make 
them-feel at home. Now they're demanding 
it. 

"English artists are the biggest ones at 
fault. They come over to baSically rip the 
American people off for a quarter million, 
half mi llion dollars and go back home. They 
don't pay income tax on it ; they take all 
their money in cash and make tracks . That 
goes on all the time." 

Another thing that grates on Pagni is 
loyalty. "The word 'loyalty' is flolhi"g in th is 
business. I've hetped promote groups like 
Creedence Clearwater, Led Zeppelin and the 
Moody Blue~ when they were $750 a night 
acts. They become successful and forget all 
about you when you ask them to do a show. 
I'm really, really disappointed in the 
loyalties, more than anything else." 

The Thrill is Gone 
Pagni's disappointment has led him to cut 

down on his concert promotion activities 
He has diversified and now runs the Navaho 
Canyon Country Club among other en-
terprise . "The concert business IS In 
decline I predic t that within the next two 
years, the bottom Will fall out .. It'll just die " 

The parallel to the boxing business has a 
lot of weight. "All you have to do is turn the 
TV on ," laments PagnI. " It's (rock) lost its 
aura, it's too commonplace. Society IS not 
together, it seems to be falling apart The 
social element is disappearing People are 
becoming loners, more independent You 
just don 't go to concerts anymore With your 
friends . It 's in serious shape out there." 

Apparently, this new " loner" attitude is 
keeping the crowds smaller, and the line-up 
of big name tars on Midnight Special and 
Don Kirshner's Rock Concert attests to the 
fact that TV has indeed carved itself a meaty 
slice of the rock audience. " But why hould 
I take 12 years and chuck it? I know the 
inside and the outside of this busine s. I' ll 
st i ll do artists that I like, ones who are loyal 
to me." 

A ked i f he personally was losing interest 
in the concert business, Pagni replied, " A 
little bit , because of the hassles backstage 
and because of the demands of the artists 
It's not fun anymore. It's l ike going to work 
on Monday morning, and I don't enJOY it, 
not as much as I used to . Let's face It, the I 
magic is over." 



, , 

Quiz I Second Annual Trivia Quiz I 

The Triton Times is proud to 
present its second annual Trivia 
Quiz, which is your chance to 
tretch your nostalgic wit and win 

big prizes in the process. All 
you've got to do is answer as 
many parts of the 25 questions 
below as you can, and send it to 
us, and the person with the most 
correct answers becomes the new 
Trivia King. Our new Trivia King, 
besides wearing the crown of 
triviality, will win two tickets to 
see Paul Williams ("Just an Old 
F ash ioned Love Song" ) and 
special guest comedian Freddie 
Prinz (Star of "Chico and the 
Man" ) in concert at the Sail Diego 

. Civic Theatre, Saturday, February 
8, courtesy of Good Time 
Productions . Second and third 
prizes will be awarded to the 
Duke's and Duchesses' of Trivia 
who finish second and third, 
(rrizes to include choices 
of h it stereo Ips and a best-seller 
paperback or two) . More prizes 
will probably be dumped into the 
general mash just for the ex-
citement of it . 

So get theat old Black and 
White TV out of the garage, kids, 
'cause you'll need it for this one. 
Answers will not be judged on the 
basis of creativity (except for the 
tiebreaker!) Numbers in 
paranthesis at the end of each 
question indicate the number of 
points that can be earned on a 
given question . OK? 

1. Who played Walter Denton on 
"Our Miss Brooks?" What was the 

Kid 
Corner 

name of Mr. Boynton's frog? Who 
played Osgood Conk lin? What 
was the name ofthe schooP (4) 

2. Jackie Cooper and a basset 
hound starred in what television 
series? (Bonus : What was the 
dog's name?) (2) 

3. What cartoon character lived 
on zero-zero island? (i .e., at O· 
latitude and Cf.longitude) (1) 

4. What was Sergeant Friday's 
badge number? (1) 

5. What was the name of the 3 
(Yes, three!) ghosts on the series 
"Topper," and who played them? 
What accident led to their 
becoming ghosts in (a) the series, 
and (b) the movie? (8) 

6. "The Soupy Sales Show" 
(a) Give the names of all four 
puppets . (4) 
(b) Who did the voices for the 
puppets? (1) 
(c) Who played the guy at the 
door? (1) 
(d) What was Soupy's girlfriend's 
name? (1) 
(e) Create your own "Soupy Sez" 
(1 point for any acceptable 
"soupy sez." Make it good though 

UCSD 

a 
, 

F~ 

because ' this question 
judged for creativity 
Tiebreaker) . 

.will be 
as the 

7. Who played the oldest son on 
"My Three Sons?" (Hint : he was 
also Spin on "Spin and Marty" 
and was the older Hardy 
boy.BONUS. Who played the 
younger Hardy boy and what was 
the name of the old man with the 
trpasure??) (3) 

8. What was Rin Tin Tin master'S 
name? What was his rank? (2) 

9. On " Gunsmoke" , what 
Chester's recommendation 
making coffee? (1) 

was 
for 

10. "Hold it! (CLICK) I think 
you're gonna like this picture." 
Who opened his show this way 
and what show was it? What was 
the secretary's name? What show 
is she on now? (4) 

11 . "The Donna Reed Show" 
(a) Who played her husband, her 
son, her daughter? (3) 
(b) What hit song did her series 
daughter sing? (1) 
(c) What hit song did her series 
son sing? (1) 
(d) What was the family's name 
on the series? (1) 
(e) Who played the young 
husband next door and what was 
his wife's name in the series? (2) 

12. Which detective series was 
based in New Orleans and 
featured Richard Lond and 
Andrew Duggan? (1) 

SATURDAY 

]GAIX.UGAGRY 18 
12 - 5p m 

OUE{/E 'liAWl( 

P."e 2 Triton Times Art Supplement J.nu.ry 17,1975 

13. Who sang in the speakeasy in 
"The Roaring Twenties?" What is 
she doing now? (2) 

14. Who hosted "Seven Keys?" 
What is his brother's name 
(Hint . " It's not what you say that 
counts, it's what you don't say") 
(2) 

23. What role did Frank Fontaine 
play on the " Jackie Gleason 
Show?" Who did Frank always say 
hello to in the bar (besides Joe the 
Bartender?" ) (2) 

24 . Don ("Get Smart") Adams was 
the voice for what cartoon 
(haracter? (1) 

15. What game show did Monty 
Hall host before "let's Make A 25 . What is Donald Duck's li cense 
Deal?" (1) plate number? (2) 

16. Who was Lucas McCain? Who 
played Mark? BONUS' What 
town did they live near? SUPER 
BONUS: The boy who played 
Mark had two hit songs. Name 
them. (5) 

17. What was Paladin '~ first name 
and where did he live? (2) 

18. " I married Joan" 
(a) Who played Joan? (1) 
(b) What was her series husbands 
name, occupation , and who 
played him? (3) 

19. What famous do-gooder flew 
around with a rocket pack on his 
pack (when he wasn 't using his 
spaceship?) (1) 

20. Who hosted "Science Fiction 
Theatre?" (1) 

21 . " I love , it's rich and 
choclatey. Chocolate-flavored 
___ is mighty good for me. 
Momma puts it in my milk for 
extra energy ' gives me iron 
and sunshine vitamin D. Oh, I 
love ; that's the drink for 
me." What is it?? (1) 

22. What does U.N.C.L E. stand 
for (beside law 'n' order)? What 
does T.H .R.U.S.H . stand for 
(besides evil and badness)? (2) 

Alright now don ' t get 
discouraged. You think you don't 
know many of them? Think how 
few of them the guy sitting next 
to you probably knows. If anyone 
manages to get all of these 
correct we 'll b ~o surprised we' ll 
swallow our old 12" screen black 
and white. And anyway, we're 
ven going to give a prize to a 

randomly drawn entry (another 
stereo Ip winner) SO everyone 
who enters has got a chance. 

So get started and send those 
completed entries in to : 
Trivia Contest 
Barney 
c/ o Triton Times 
117 Blake Hall UCSD 
la lolla, Ca 92037 

Or just pop them in inter-campus 
mail, or bring 'em right to the 
office yourself. 

We know this one's a toughie, 
so we're giving you a whole week 
to drag out those ancient volumes 
of TV guides you 've been stacking 
up in your garage. So get started! 
Deadline is January 24 at the 
stroke of midnight. 

PROVISIONAL 
THEATRE 

AN EXPERIMENTAL ENSEMBLE 

AMERICA PIECE - Jan. 25 
8:30 pm. REVELLE CAFETERIA 

TICKETS $3.00-2.00 - STUDENT UNION 
(PRESENTED BY CPB & DRAMA DEPT.) 

"XA" . A VIETNAM PRIMER - JAN. 26 
8:30 UCSD STUDIO THEATRE - 409MC 
TICKETS AT DOOR - $1.00' DONATION 

(DRAMA DEPT. & INDOCHINA PEACE COMM.) 

by Kenny Taub 
Had lenny Bruce survived the 

sixties it is doubtful that he would 
be a pop hero in the seventies. 
When Bruce died in 1965 it was 
just before youth took to the 
streets, protesting, of course, not 
only the war but the gross 
hypocrisy, in all its 
manifestations, behind it. The 
under-JO masses took over where 
Bruce left off. Four letter words 
were shouted on the streets by 
indignant teens, so few would pay 
to see an adult in a nighclub 
repeat basically the same schlick. 
But then lenny Bruce did die, just 
in time to avoid the flood, and 
now a movie is out about his life 
and his work. And a fantastic 
piece of cinema it is indeed. 

C 
I-
N 
.E 
M 
A 

C 
I 
N 
E 
M 
A 

overboard ThE' ,t'qu nllill 
,huffllng belwl' t'r past and 
present , 1.11' and art is ~omt'wh.\1 
{'He live , but IS IS not a strong 
{'no ugh crutch to ~upport this 
fac ile back-patting So In order to 
further imitate truth , rosse has 
the whole thing devised as a three 
way taped reminis cen ce by 
Bruce's wife , mother and 
manager. This IS fatuous at b sl, 
such as the scene where the 
interview r use~ up one sid of 
his tape reel and the action IS 
suspended while he flips It over 
Or embarraslllg at worst , as III the 
(ilm's conclusion where we get to 
see the tape recorder turned off 
three times, indicat ing noth IIlg 
more than " that's all folks." 

The decision to film " Lenny" In 
black and white is another of 
Fosse's wrong-headed attempts to 
achieve naturali sm through 
theatrical means. Bruce Surtee's 
chiaroscuro photograph y IS 
garish, especially in comparison 
with his clean color work In " Blue 
In Love ." 

It is difficult to find a starting 
point of praise for so fine an 
achievement but right away 
director Bob Fosse is to be given a 
thousand and one bravos for an 
almost perfect job. The picture, in 
its entirety, comes off as though 
he had received a flash of 
directoria l inspiration and was 
then able to translate the ten or 
SO second vision into two hours of 
fine art . Approximately one-third 
of the movie is parts of Bruce's 
nightclub act the Fosse, with the 
timing of a great stage performer, 
manages to develope the mood 
for us, the theatre audience, as 
well or better, as he does for the 
extras playing the audience on 
the screen . 

A figure of some controversy in his time, Lenny 
Bruce has come into his widest public light within 
the last six months, some three years after Julian 
Barry's play "Lenny" first opened in New York 
under the direction of Tom O'Horgen. 

recently appeared, but chiefly due to the recent film 
biography of the late entertainer, directed by Bob 
Fosse. 

Finally , about the ac t ing 
Hoffman is convincing, as always . 
He has an ineffable vibrancy that 
never approaches scene-stealing, 
but always indicates sensitivity, 
integrity, and a thorough com-
mitment to the demands of the 
part . When he is in a good film 
like "Straw Dogs" or " Papillon ," 
the results are masterful. And 
even when he is in a questionable 
project such as this film or "Little 
Big Man," Hoffman manages to 
convey forcefulness with every 
nervous tic. 

The current resurgence of Lenny Bruce is par-
tially·due to a large number of books that have 

The film's depiction of Bruce has itself been the 
point of some controversy, and to that effect, two 
examinations of the film are presented herein . 

Then there's Dustin Hoffman . 
Even if the rest of the movie had 
been mediocre he alone was 
worth the money. For of all his 
performances that I've seen, 
ranging from pretty damn ef-
fective in "Straw Dogs" to 
fabulous in "Midnight Cowboy," 
this is thus far his best charec-
terization . Hoffman did his 
research and mental prep and 
every ounce of effort comes 
through, especially when on the 
nightclub stage playing Dirty 
Lenny . Dustin Hoffman is 
rema rkable and no less . 

"Lenny" is an outstanding 
double package where one gets a 
very special look at legend as 
human being as cinema is 
concurrently placed in the in-
frequented realm of polished 
craftmanship . The supporting 
cast is classy and Valerie Perrine 
as lenny's wife, Honey Bruce, 
gives a performance that is just 
right ; rising to the occasion when 
necessary. 

Lenny Bruce, the sodal satirist, 

nightclub comic, Jewish boy, 
outraged man, and neurotic 20th 
century moralist left few stones 
unturned. True, under some was 
just dirt ; under others - more 
stones; but under a few, and a 
significant few, were real gems. 
For these gems lenny Bruce is 
correctly remembered as one 
fantastic finger pointing son-
nuvabitch . The movie " Lenny" 
does justice to an earthy moralist 
who was also a very funny man. 

****** 
by Steve &medina 

Bob Fosse's "Lenny" is a 
zealous stab at a biography of 
Lenny Bruce that mythifies the 
late comedian to the status of a 
moralistic martyr . In almost 
every regard, the film comes off 
as a reverential ch·eat . It toys with 
a number of eclectic narrative 

. devices and its intentions are 
honorable, but ultimately, all that 
it amounts to is a sort of " Lenny 
Sings The Blues." 

Like "Lady Sings the Blues," 
Fosse's film obfuscates rather 
than clarifies. It offers sen-

timental gloss in place of 
historical insight . It uses 
ci nematic tricks to affect 
documentary. and it never comes 
to grips with a notion it carelessly 
presupposes : Lenny Bruce's 
importance as an artist . Anyone 
who is willing to accept a 
depiction of Bruce as a comedic 
Christ will probably find "lenny" 
to be honest and inspired, but this 
Gentile is not convinced. Fosse 
and screenwriter, Julian Barry, in 
their determination to portray 
Bruce as a distiller of social 
profundities have neglected the 
man's genius, his humor. The 
result , despite all of Dustin 
Hoffman'S earnest efforts to 
impersonate Bruce, is that the 
routines presented here fall flat, 
are of scant sociological 
Significance, and exist only to 
illustrate that lenny Bruce was a 
Saintly Satirist who lived and died 
before his time. 

Unfortunately, Lenny Bruce 
seems like a dubious choice for 
posthumous piety. Granted, such 
disparate disciples as George 
Carl in, Richard Pryor, Murray 
Roman and Frank Zappa owe 
more than half of their shticks to 

UCSD THEATRE PRESENTS 

Harold Pinter's 

THE 
BIRTHDAY 

PARTY 
directed by Arthur Wagner 

JANUARY 31 , February 1,2 and 5-9 
8:00 pm. in USeD Theatre 

Tickets - Students $1.50, General $3.00 
Available in Theatre Box Office - 203MC 

12:30-4:00 

Bruce's influence, but that is a 
fact that would be difficult to 
surmise from this film . In 
" Lenny," every bit of dialogue, 
every joke, every memory is 
designed to impress upon the 
viewer the idea that Bruce was an 
eye opener, or, as Andrew Sarris 
so cogently put it , a "Saloon 
Socrates." By relentlessly hyping 
Bruce this way, the filmmakers 
have vitiated the man's humor to 
half baked polemics. Bruce was 
an iconoclast, but in this film he 
comes off as a cross between 
tv10rt Sahl and Martin luther 
King, or, in other words, a 
moralist . 

Hoffman's Bruce tries vainly to 
be self-effac;ing, but the demands 
of this aggrandizing script cancels 
out any chance for off-handed 
wit . The dice are loaded. Lenny is 
a beacon of truth . On one hand 
you have Lenny against old-
fashioned schlemiel comics, or 
else Lenny against fat, ugly, 
stupid, corrosive policemen and 
judges, or finally, Lenny the 
Messiah being crucified by in-
sensitive, indifferent audiences. 
All the things in this film may 
have happened exactly as they 
are presented, but reality is no 
excuse for bad art, and none of 
the esisodes in "Lenny" are 
dramatically plausible . 

The most annoying factor in 
"Lenny" is the incessant narrative 
gimmickry. I admire Fosse's 
efforts to bring Resnais-like 
modern ity to a very staid 
Hollywood genre, but he went 

Apart from Hoffman, however, 
most of the acting is laughable 
caricature. Valerie Perr ine as 
Bruce' s wife , Honey, is an 
ingratiating mixture of adolescent 
vamp and prison matron . She 
gives the same performance here 
that she did in "The Last 
American Hero " and 
"Slaughterhouse," giggly, weepy 
and bloated . She manages to 
muster up some sympath y 
because she is so pathetic. 

As for the rest, what else could 
one expect from a good ole 
Hollywood rise and fall movie? 
We have Jan Miner as a Jewish 
movie-mother, Stanley Beck as a 
silver-tongued movie-manager, 
and a seemingly endless slew of 
faceless, witless, unenlightened 
movie-pinheads who should have 
appreciated their movie-martyr 
while he was alive instead of 
having to wait ten years, and pay 
three bucks to kneel at his altar. 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
: r I: T HIT. r lOB.: 
: mE RULING CLASS : 
: . wrrH Peter O'T oole : 
• USB 2722 7:30 & 10 7Sc • 
• • 
• • 
: SATURDAY AIMS ! . 
: Humberto Sola'8 LUCIA ~t 
• • 
• A Cuban .tory of love and .. 
: . revolution 7: ()() pm. : 
: VIVA LA MUERTE : 
• by Fernando An-libel 10: 15 pm. : 
: USB 2722 $1.00 • ~ ......................•.••...• 

l.nlUlry 17, 1975 Triton Times Art Supplem~nt P.II~ 



01)1)S Barney is looking for contributers In ever form, shape and style. We're looking for reviewers in theatre, film, music, art, literature and events in leneral. We're allo looking for artists, pbotoIraphs, and alm~t anything 
creative suitable for print. If you've any lua_tIORl, Ideas, 
criticisms, or hopes for Barney's future, drop us a line In, care of the 
Triton Times. 

£K1)S 

The HCOnd concert of the FrI.y 
Ev.nlng. In 0 .. M.r fHturea K.V. 
N.,.y.ne.wlmy. South Indl.'. 
moet outatandlng a1nger In the 
Cemetlc t .... ltlon. Friday. J.nulry 
,e, etl pm In St. P.W. Church, 0.1 M.,. 

The _.mble cona/.ta of four 
other noted mualcl.ne who will 
accompany Nerey._.my on the 
violin. m,ld.ng.m. ".nll, •• nd 
tambou ... The viOlin UHd In South 
Indian mualc I. tu..... dlll_tly 
from W .. tern violin. .nd Ie haId 
b.tw •• n ch.1I .nd foot; the 
mld .. n .. m I. • double hNdecI 
drum with com_Ita ....... ; the 
".1111 .. conalsta of • circular frame 
of leckwood covered with .b-
dOmlnel ."In of • f.m." lizard; 
tamboure I. • long neck'" In-
.trum.nt with fou, metel.trlng .. 

N.rey.naawemy lIN taught .t 
W .. iey.n .nd I. currently. member 
of the S.n Frencl.co C."ter for 
World Mualc. H. lIN toured Ind .. 
end the Unit ... Stet ... "tena/ .... y 
end .... ,ecord ... for Noneauch .nd 
World P.clflc. 

AK1) 
The Rock Scene Make Yourself Heard! 

S.,. ... lng of P.gnl C_ cove, 
.tory). Jim.. C. PIgni Production. 
d_ Indeed h.v •• concert In town thl. 
w .... ."d. In f.ct: 

Sund.y night. J.nuery '1 .t 7:30 pm. 
the San 01,,0 Golden Hell rocka with 
the .ound of lIN"" metal with WI.h-
b_ A.h. On thet .. m. bll: KI .. C"lt·. 
mOOd mu.lc. If YOU '-pen to be In the 
mOOd to blow up bull.lI_ Or wrec" 
c.rs. .. , who .re pictured lef t .nd the 
moody prog,_lvlsm of Cimel. 

JU81 for the record. concert-wi ... 
condolenc.. .re In o,d., 'or OHvla 
N_ton-John f.n. . He, tentetlv. 
J.nu.ry 21 S.n Diego e_renc. he. 
been acrubbed. 

On theI, wey to San Di.go: G.".I. -
Januery 21; Alvin L... G.ntl. Giant -
Febru.ry S; Peul William. - F.bruary e; 
Tow., of Pow.,. Rufu. - Fellru.ry , • . 

And y ... Jeth,o TuH I •• 00d out ... 

friday Evenings in Del M.r 

The C.mpus Program Boerd - the 
group that brought yOU t ... P.ul Wlnt., 
COneOrt. Netl_1 T .... tre of the Deef, 
arl.n Au •• r, the num.rou. nOOn 
concan., FrIcIey .nd S.turday film., 81 .• 1. 
- -I. now In the beelnnl", th,_ of 
plennlng Its bud .. t .nd ectlvl1l ... or t ... 
1111-11 achOOlyea,. 

In order to do the b .. t JOb poealb .. , 
they need your I ...... nd aug_tlone. 
They w.nt to know w"'t YOU w.nt In t ... 
-y of entertalnm.nt Int_ta. In the 
pa.t, the Board lIN work.d In t.,m. of 
the follOWIng c.t.go,I .. : film. , pop 

conc.rto, ,.... fol"-country, lectu,..-
poellY, "'nc.drem., ._"1 w.nta, 
noon conc.rto, c .... Ic.I-cont.mporary 
mu.IC ... but ther.·. nOthing _red .bout 
t... cet .. orIeo .nd th.y w.nt to .... , 
.nythlng yOU ...... In mind. 

The Program Board'. office IArta & 
Lectu,..' Is located .t the aouth .nd of 
the Student Cent.r. M.mbero of the 
C.mpu. PrOgram Board wiN be rna""", • 
point of b"ng In the offlc •• 11 next w .... 
to lI.t.n to you, Id_ .nd to telk with 
you. Th.V w.nt YOU, helP. P ...... tOp by. 

UCSD Honors 75th Birthday 

friday Eveni_ In 0 .. Mar .ra 
Intend... to bring .... _nullv. 
program. of V.rlDUO m ..... to the ' 
community of 0 .. M.,. M ............ of 
the community, the City of 0 .. Mer 
and the UCSD Mualc D-"">Int. 
colleborate Inform.11y to make thl. 

...... poeelb ... 
Reception with ethnic ,.,,..h-

m.nt follOWing the conc.rt wlllgl ... 
petr_ • chenc. to ...... the 
muolclene. 

Fo, Informetlon ceIl4l2-3Z2I. 

On J.nuary ,e, In muolc c.nt", .11 OVer 
C.llfornla, tIM 11th birthday of con-
temporary comp_r Ernet Kr.nek will b. 
celebrated. UCSD will I_If honor thl. 
comp_ who lIN bean .0 Imp_lit to 
the dev.IOpment of the ochool In • 
concert of hie work. on Saturday. et 1:00 
pm, room B-210 of the M.ndevllie Center. 

One of f .... foundl", fellow. of Muir 
Col ..... nd • f ...... _ "'-'- lecturer, 
Krenek'. _1a1lon with the Unlvenlty 
Ie One of long otendl"" .nd Is n_ 
Chronicled In UC P,...·. "Horizon'. 
Clrc..... Two UCSD K....... .dmlrero, 
Provoat JOhn S_rt.nd Prof_ Will 
Ogdon of the Mualc 'aculty, contributed 
_yo tD the book. 

K .. ne .. •• compoehlone cover the full 
rang. of the muolcel Idiom, through 
tr.dltlon.1 op.r.tlc .nd chor.1 
.rreng.m.nt .nd Incorporating elec-
tronic .nd mObile form.. His " M ... lnel 
SOun .... " to be _nt'" et the J.n ,. 
COnc.rt, I ••• .,... of dlelOgu .. between 

FI9ating . • • danCing 

PREMIERES MONDAY, JANUARY 20. 
REUBEN H. FLEET SPACE THEATER 

Tickets available at box office or by phone - 234-7700 

tuned .nd untuned Inatrumentl . 
" E •• rcl ... of • Let. Hour" 10 • com· 
pooltlon for ,. tradltlon.1 lnet,um.nll 
• nd rnag netic teP'. 

The Saturday ev.nlng .nnlv .... ry 
conc.rt I. free .nd o"n to the Dubllc. 

LASERIUM SHOWTIMES: Sunday:5, 7:30, 8:45, 10 pm 
Monday and Tuesday: 7:30, 8:45, 10 pm 
Friday and Saturday: 9:30 r 10:45 pm 

• 
• I ," 

At Point Lorna Saturday 

Triton Fiv~ Falls to USIU, 83·69; Win Skein Ends 
by left lee 

After scoring over 100 points in 
three consecutive victories, the 
UCSD Triton varsity basketball 
team was held in check bV USIU. 
The visitin& Westerners defeated 
the Tritons 83-{,9 last Tuesdav 
night. 

a pressuring man-to-man defense 
that forced the Tritons to work 
hard for every shot. 

Nevertheless, UCSD was 
momentarilv able to solve this 
problem, as Steve Kircher, Ceorge 
Calhoun and Tom Tavlor 
collaborated on a fast break 
scoring spurt that gave the Tritons 

More .Sports 
It was immediately apparent 

after the opening tip-{)ff that it 
would be difficult for UCSD to 
pass the century mark for the 
fourth time in a row and that the 
game might be a low scoring 
affair, as both teams exhibited 
tenacious defenses. After five 
minutes of plav, the score was 
only 6-6, with USIU implementinR 

their biggest lead of the game at 
18-10. Then, with nine minutes 
left in the half, UCSD suffered the 
first of its two disastrous 
defensive lapses in the first half as 
the Westerners outscored the 
Tritons 8-2 in the next three 
minutes of play. USIU was 
somehow able to execute three 
consecutive backdoor play~ 

Sixth man Mallory Mitchell [center) 

COMMUNITY 
IlOODIANK 

127 F. Slreet . 

'AYSDONOIS 
Iorsenke 

Mon.-SlI. 
1:&-5:30 
CIoledSun. 
233' MI1 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-;to-dlte. 
176'!lIge, m.il order c.tllog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1 .00 to cover post. (1 -2 
diya deliv ... y time), 

519 GLENROCK AVE . 
. SUITE 1203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our meteriah er. IOId 'Of 
,_II pur ..... only 

Come to this 
Christian Science Lecture 

"God's Power at Hand" 

by Will~m Henry Alton 

C.S_B . of New Yorlc City 

Silturday Morning 

~nuary 18 at 11:00 

SoIau Theatre 
113 South Acacia Stlftt 

Solana Beach 

ADMISSION FREE 

eNid care ... orided 
AusplCIII 

fhlt Oturch of Otrilt 
Endnita. 

which led to easy lav-in baskets. 
UCSD was momentarily able to 
recover the lead at 28-25 on the 
strength of two baskets bV Paul 
Trainer and one bv Calhoun . But 
then the Tritons suffered their 
second lapse on defense, and 

~re stifled on offense as well , as 
the Westerners outscored the 
Tritons 11-0 in the last four 
minutes of the halftime to take a 
36-28 lead at the intermission . 

In the second half, the Tritons 
were forced to play catch-up and 
every time UCSD threatened to 
overtake USIU (and pick up the 
aid of that valuable eleventh man 
on the court named Mo Men-
tum), USIU would score a couple 
of baskets to kill the threat . 

The second half began slowly, 
as both teams played raggedly . 
Ceorge Calhoun opened the 
scoring in the second half, 
bringing the Tritons to within six 
points of USIU, but then the 
Westerners, led by guard Jeff 
Koury, scored three straight 
baskets and pulled out to a 42-30 
lead. 

The tempo then proceeded to 
pick up in the game, with both 
teams finallv beginning to 
generate some semblance of an 
offensive attack. With thirteen 
minutes left in the game, USIU 
was able to scrap for a 50-39 lead, 
due to the play of their center, 
R.J. Kunvez. But then Mallory 
Mitchell entered the game, and 
once again he seemed to spark his 
teammates. The Tritons pulled to 
within 56-49, with Mitchell 
scoring several baskets and 
assisting on others. But the 
Tritons could not get closer than 
seven points and when center 
Tom Taylor and forward Trainer 
fouled out, USIU began to 
penetrate the Triton defense and 
score easy lay-ins . The Tritons 
were able to hang on a bit longer, 
mainly on the strength of the free 
throw shooting of Steve Kircher 
(he was 9-9 on the night), but 
USIU was able to pull away and 
win easily . 

For the Tritons, Trainer (17), 
Kircher (15), Calhoun (14), and 
Mitchell (10) scored in double 

LiVPs 
Jeans 
forall 
tastes 
.....ild, tame, middle-ol-
the-road. 
Over 4 tons of Levi 's' to 
choose from. The world's 
greatesl selection under 
one roo I. Levi 's for every 
size. shape, taste and sex. 
You'll eat 'em up. 

. ., ... . 
, , - ... . 

" .... 
J' --- •• -~/ .:...r-~ _~ _:..:-

~.-----------~~--------------/ 
Steve Kircher, Tony Moore Apply Pressure 

figures. Also scoring well was 
Taylor, who tallied eight points in 
the first half before running into 
foul trouble. For USIU, Koury 
scored a game high 21 points, 
followed by Kunyez with 13. The 
shooting percentages tell the 
story of the game, as USIU was 

able to h it on 33-57 shots from the 
floor (56%). UCSD was able to hit 
on onlv 28-58 (48%). 

The defeat was the first suf-
fered by the Tritons in league play 
this season and brought the 
ledger to 2-1 . UCSD is now 6-7 
overall . 

Cunningham gives Instructions dun'ng Time out 

- --

i) Sorrento Valley 

~.,::,.,+~ PIC·I·DILI o. Gourmet Delicattessens 
199 Supet Stucdurldca 

Party trays Catering 

Sorrento Valley 
11689 Sorrento Valley Rd. 

(Formerly La Jolla Gourmet) 
453·1313 

Open Mon-Sat 

Kearny Mesa off Convey 
8125 Ronson Rd. t 

560·1313 
Open Mon·Fri. 

You told your new 
roommate you dig 
B.B.King and he 
thinks sne's great 

too. 
You owe )Ourself an Oly. 

Olym'pil BreWing Comoany OlymOI' . W.st'tlnglon ·OLY· " 
All Olympia empties Ire recyclable 

Pale 5 Triton Times lanuary 17, 1975 

• 'I t , . 
.' '." . h. 

I • If' , , 



" •.. for. the udents" 
The Ott er Student Center 
UC San Dieeo has .. new hulth center. Located immediately south 

of the Central Librlry. the Student Health Center helps almost 200 
students It day. Dr. Robert Allen, director of the center is pleased with 
the results of four years of plannina that went into the construction of 
the-center. 

In designing the new center, the prime consideration of the planners 
was to make it as personal as possible. "We tried to avoid the huge 
waiting room with hundreds of chairs and long corridors of doctors' 
offices/" Dr. Allen explained. "The result was the 'Medical Group'." 

A Medical Group is composed of three doctors and a nurse who 
occupy one wing of the building. The center has two medical groups, a 
dental group, and a walk-in first aid clinic. Each has its own waiting 
room and private telephone line. When a student makes an ap-
pointment/ he may make it with any of the groups. The student is not 
required to return to that group in subsequent appointments , 

Appointments are not required, though students are advised to 
make them . If a student does not make an appointment he would be 
referred to the walk-in clinic. The clinic is meant to provide immediate 
medical attention and first aid, not continuing treatment. 

The center also has an inf i rmary for overnight patients. The in-
firmary is located on the second floor, which is easy to miss because of 
the building's low profile , 

Each room in the infirmary is private; each with a telephone. TV 
hook-up, and bathroom. To r~uce loneliness, a problem with private 
rooms, each room has a window that opens into the main hallway. The 
main lobby is divided into three waiting areas. They are lavished with 
lil)e plants and sun roofs, giving them an almost greenhouse at-
mosphere, 

Allen said the designer wanted a motif that would not lose its 
popularity, "Most ideas are ' short-lived fads/" Allen said , "The one 
exception is nature , That's why we have the greenhouse-type set up." 

The building cost S900,OOO. And though building costs were kept at a 
minimum, inflation did force some cut-backs. One section of the 
building was never built , and X-ray equipment has not been purchased, 
though an X-ray suite was built . The funds for the center were provided 
by a loan from the Regents . The loan is now being paid by student 
fu nds . 

Dr. Allen : "This is a student health center, for the students, and paid 
for by the students ," 

Musician's Guild 
Music is not a reflection of you. It is you. The interaction of 

musicians is the interaction of men's m inds producing a historically 
amazing art form , Music is the universal language, it has no need for 
words . 

For the first time at UC San Diego, there is an attempt to unify and 
exploit the vast abundance of our talented musicians. We must bring 
our indoor musicians outdoors in the attempt to allow the entire 
campus to enjoy an increasing festive environment , Noon concerts, 
weekend jams, and sidewalk strollers must be encouraged to reveal a 
cultural atmosphere at this burnt out academic institution. 

The playing of music represents one of the greatest and most 
creative utilizations of time devised by man . Emphasis on musical 
romaticism is used in this article in order to mduce campus musicians 
to pick up a phone and dial 452-4450 or x4450 and leave their names 
and phone numbers. This action will be the first step in the cooperative 
formulation of the UCSD Musicians Guild on your part. The Musicians 
guild will present its second musical experience to the students this 
Saturday afternoon by the Matthews Cafeteria. Alan Watts sums up the 
intent of this article best in his statement ....... The point of music is 
discovered in every moment of playing and listening to it ." 

With $2.3 Million 
Reg Fee AdCom Meets 

Continued from Page 1 
Additional monies are 
available, in limited amounts, 
from the state, the University 
Education Fee, the Regents 
Opportunity Fund, and income 
derived from fet's charged by 
student services , I 

"Unfortunately, t~e students in 
the committee ar/! lOsi ng power; 
the process is becroming more 
complicated/" said leanse, in his 
third year as a committ~ 
member and St·c nd as co-
chairman . "Five' elrs ago when 
the process was OI'W the students 
were more in con~r I." Currently, 
administrative mf-mpers have the 
advantage, as the continue in 
their capacities from year to year. 
Additionally, student turnover is 
high, only two of the five un-
dergraduate representatives have 
returned . 

"square recommendations of the 
unit head with the recom-
mendations of the committee/" 
he added, 

Evaluation of the effectiveness 
of the services they fund has been 
initiated by the committee this 
year, with student health and 
financial aid set as primary 
targets , The services will be 
examined from the quality of 
services provided by the 
uf:partmel't' rather than the 
amount of students served . This 
procedure will provide "a sense of 
history, a chronicle of events" to 
assist the committee in the 
funding process, said assistant 
vice-chancellor of student affairs 
Rick Whitehill. 

r McElroy on TV I 
UC San Oielo Chancellor 

William McElroy will be in-
terviewed on television Tuesday 
in a segment of "San Diego 
Science Scene 75", on Channel 
15 at 7 p,m . 

The program is the debut of a 
new monthly series to be 
produced locally by San Diego 
State University/s television 
stat ion, KPBS. Dr. Jeff Kirsch, who 
will explore Chancellor McElroy's 
personality in the televised in-
terview, said the series will try to 
inform the general public on 
current developments in the field 
of scienc.!, Kirsch, of Channel 15'5 
Office of Scientific Affairs, said 
that each program will include 
news, features, personalities, 
science updates, and a "science 
calendar of events ," 

The first show will feature 
Nobel Prize winning physicist Dr. 
Richard Feynman, who will 
discuss recent discoveries 
concerning elementary particles. 
Also appearing on the first 
program will be Dr. Gerd Jansen, 
from the University of Essen 
Medical School in Germany, an 

Regents ••••• 
Contiftued fIOIIt 'ap l_ 

on Health Sciences Education will 
hear Post's argument and UC's 
opposition to them in a meeting 
next week. 

Smith said he felt the proposal 
"gets to the core" of a problem 
that has faced the University for 
some time - the fact that 
counties do not reimburse UC for 
patient care performed at the 
Med Schools for which Smith says 
counties are responsible . 
Discussion of the transfer will 
continue today at the request of 
Regent Norton Simon, who said 
he was unable to attend the 
Thursday committee meeting , 

e~pert on the effects of noise on 
healtll, and Jim Dukes, San 
Diego's noise abatement officer , 

"San Dego Science Scene 'Z5" 
will be regularly aired the third 
Tuesday of every month . 

Don't Think "-bortion 
Alternatives are Available 

S.D. PRO UFE LEAGUE 
583-5433 

Also free speakers 
and study room 

The 
U.C.S.D. Theatre 

Welcomes 
'8aIureg . 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 

. -. 

The Committee on 
Reorganization Wednesday heard 
testimony from representatives of 
student,faculty, and alumni 
aroups concerning the ap-
pointment of student and faculty 
regents, a possibility opened up 
by the_ November passage of 
Proposition 4. According to a poll 
of the committee members by the 
UCLA Daily Bruin, nearly two-
thirds of the members favor the 
addition of the student Regent . A 
simple majority is necessary to 
enact the change. 

Governor Brown, president of 
the Board of Regents, is expected 
to attend the general session this 
morning, 

La Jolla, 
Shores 
Market 

2259 Avenida de 
Ia Playa 

Phone: 459-34&5 

Groceries, 
/ Produce, 

Meats, 
Wine & Beer 

For University and State 
Employees and their families. There 
now, we knew we could get your 
attention. The point is, l\DY free 
money you have around in your bank 
or savings and loan has a better 
future here at your University and 
State Employees Credit Union (and 
so do you). 

Where banks offer a maximum of 5 
per cent per annum on passbook 
savings, and savings and loans no · 
more than 51f4 per cent, your U.S.E. 
Credit Union intends to pay you 50/4 
per cent per annum-. Dividends are 

paid quarterly and computed 
monthly, earning from the first when 
deposited by the tenth (as long as the' 
account remains open through 
quarters end) . We're even insured to 
$40,000 just like the other guys. And 
there 's more ... Through PAYROLL 
DEDUCTION at your Credit Union, 
you may deposit a portion of your 
'paycheck into your savings auto-
matically each pay period. That 
makes saving at your credit union 
easier than at banks and savings and 
loans. Now, don't just sit there, 
transfer your funds today . 

. -. 

ASK US ABOUT OUR HIGH EARNING 
CERTIFICATE SAVINGS PLANS TOO! 

The committee also has the 
power to change priorities 
submitted by department heads 
and to cut and add programs, said 
Murphy, A major task is to 

Issues raised by student 
committee members at the 
meeting included the funding of 
bus transportation to the 
southern communities near UCSD 
and the providing of a student 
en formation handbook to in-~ming and continuing dudenu, ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Page 6 Triton Times January 17, 1975 

Wftve got a plan 
to make your ban~ing easier. 

The CoIIe ...... fD 
What we've got is a very 
special package of services 
designed specifically for col· 
lege students. We call it the 
College Plan, and here's what 
makes it so special: 
The College Plan 
Checking Account, 
First you get completely 
unlimited checkwriting for 
just $1 a month. (Free during / 
June , July and August.) You get 
monthly statements, And the account 
stays open through the summer even 
with a zero balance, so you don't 
have to close it in June, reopen it in 
the fall . 
Personalized College Plan Checks 
are included at a very low cost. Scenic or 
other style checks for a little more , 

8ankAmericard~ Next. if you're a qualified student of 
sophomore standing or higher, you can also get 
BankAmericard. Use it for tuition at state universities, for 
check cashing identification and everyday purchases. Con· 
servative credit limits help you start bUilding a good credit 
history. 
Overdraft Protection. This part of the package helps you 

avoid bounced checks, hy covering 
all your checks up to a prearranged limit. 

Educational Loans. Details on 
Studyplan® and Federally In-
sured loans are available from 
any of our Student Loan 

Offices. 
Accounts. All 

our plans provide easy 
ways to save up for holi· 

days and vacations. 
Student Represent-
atives. Finally, the Col-

lege Plan gives you individual 
help with your banking problems. 

Usually students or recent gradu· 
ates themselves, our Reps are located 

at all our major college offices and are 
easy to talk with. 

Now that you know what's included. why 
not drop by one of our college offices, meet your Student 
Rep, and get in our College Plan. It'll make your banking a 
lot easier. 

Depend on us. More California college Bl 
students do. 

BANKOFAMERICA 

~-----. ----:--11iJ;;-----~--'w---~ -~ ---~ 

"Bamey" 
. , .. And we in the GENERAL BOOK DEPARTMENT would like to take this opportunity to 

invite all faculty; students and staff to come in and browse, You may be unaware of the wide 
selection of literature, new fiction, general interest books and current titles that we ca'rry. In fact 

we try to bring to the campus community all the advantages of a complete retail bookstore. 

.l --plus P::~;:~u have a book question or a boo!> problem, why not call us at 3770? We'll be ~ ~ happy to help. After ail, we're here to see that the ~ f right people and the right books get together. • • •••• ~ 
~ uniVeRSITY .••• • • ' . ~ 
f f .. ~ . . ' ~ 

T~JCrs . CO)fP~E1'E GENftltAL BOPK . :' •• .~ ~ BOOK REF~Rj;NCE. •• Srore Hour ~ 
. -. 

, . MA"TrHEwS c~s . SP~CIAL O.RDEI\ • .. glto 4!'36 
~..,. • ..;.l ~~ 

PilRe 7 Triton Times J.lnuilry 17, 197') 

., 



---a vertisements for ·ourselves ..... - .... -----------
for sale 

..... ....., -.on. euto. al,. p __ • 
-- COftd. ... ""'1. /1/171 

V ..... cc. ................. "' .. c. 
---'-'...,11...,1:11. (1/171 

T __ c..... DecII whII Baity tor 
... W ....... with ~ .Iowe. 
........ tine. ....... MIt. end cenyfne 
.... tort. cd __ (1/171 

ao..t. ca- . T.... ,.,... 2 
...-.. ..,.... ....peck. .11 tor 
•••• • ~,....,. pm. /1/171 

Double B_ Dru ...... 2 floor toma. 2 
hllh --.. _... muet _ to ep-
PNCIe ..... Jon ...,7. (11171 

Ovation. etrine be....., XLNT condo 
'171. ____ Jed (1117' 

Bicycle. Peueeot PX·10 21" f .. me. 
_ .... NIl. _ . .. (liet MOO'. n .. 
lII'I4O or __ 1. (1 / 171 

F,.. . 2 yr. old lovable cockapoo. I ..... 
,..1 • • 1-3 Mon.·FrI. (1120' 

l-epeed Schwinn blk.. tao Call ,.. 
~. 111171 

Refrl .. retor. Senvo 2 cubic ft. Exc.I"nt 
cond. 4&2·M2I. 11 / 171 

Doc. H .. torIea. ...undo Ilbre. .01 y 
.ombre ,. Qu.nt. Chem. by W • .., . 
John 715-721. 

1170 171 Y.meha Enduro Klll-buttona. 
Unlv.,.. ... at,.." d irt. frwy. t2IO. m · 
a.z. R.nee. 11/171 

TRI Engl .... TraM .. & RHr .nd make 
off.r. Scubapro tank & Mark V reg. 
Mak. off.r or tred. for .kl boota 4&,2. 
1.12 Butch. 11/17' 

Tw in Bo •• prlng. & m.tt,... Xlnt 
condition. ' 21.00 . C. II .venlng. after 
. hl 462·1 • . (11171 

For Sa l. Sony portabl. ,HI t o ,..1 
.t.r.o tap. record.r. Two _rly new 
E71-·14 poly·.t .. 1 tlrea. Fit VW v.n • . X· 
2430 R.ndy. (1/171 

1974 NORTON Int.,.tat. Cycl • . P.rfect 
condition 17!iO.00 or b .. t off.r. Call __ 
u.. 11131 , 

SAAB: p •• nd 011 m l •• r. N_ .nglne. 
trenaml .. lon. .t cet.,. '1000. Bruc. 
.... '112. (p1117' 

, . Au.tln Am.rlce Sedan _ M.r .G. 
_ tlreo (2' brek.. .tarter· motor. 
red"tor. .mag-devlc.. g.neretor "'. 
Firm ___ 1 .ft.rl pm. 11 /20' 

Sony 1031 2 y .. ra old mint cond.'100. 
Honnor .... guitar 3 pickup holl_ 
body .100 or b_t off.r. C.II Rog.r 462· 
1121. 11 / 171 

,.. c'*'. • cyI. Open roecI Motef 
Hom.. Menv ... tu... lneluclntt hot 
ah_er. only ..... m ..... M.k. otter. 
Evenl ......... I1/171 

Cut out coInI tor ..... A __ n ~ 
..... n. "_0...... prIoeI. WII aut 
....... onIen. .... or 1_ • .,.. 
(1121' 

Enet ......... . ~ end. meIl. otter. 
Icubepro ..... M.rk V .... M8I&. 
otter or tnIde tor 81&1 boote .·1112 
Butch. /1 /171 

G.E. P ..... '-'O phono ./...-1&-. 
••• fta queIIty eound reprOduction 
... 4II-IIG hul 11/171 

• Dod .. C_t 111 4 dr·perfec1 condo 
'-_. redID. eutomlltlc good motor. 
tI .... 11m .... .. ,... ".110 11/ 171 

Ski.. H.rt fre.tyle AI ueed twice. 
,u.renteed. Solomon .. blndl,.. •• ,. 
... 3M3 pm. (1/171 

'72 YW Bu, •• cellent condhlon. .-
red ..... _ .. ml .... '1171.110 __ ner 
27J.za. /1/171 

Sound creftamen Recel_ 1 ••• fta per 
chenne!. twO book.heIf Electrovolce 
DPMk.,..111. Eric:. 2&2 Met_. 11 /20' 

n In.trumenta SR.., c.lcu"to,.. LOW 
prlc. IMMEDIATE delivery. 1 y .. r 
gu.rent ... C.II B.rt4&2·_ . 11117, 

PaugODt blcycl. In PERFECT condition. 
mod.1 U~. 21 " frem. w /h'ber beg. toa 
cll.,.. lock & chain .1210 or beDt off.r. 
Ted · 711-1111. (1117' 

BANJO · Exc.lI.nt c o ndition" or b .. t 
off.r. C.II Bob 115-1113 or 270-1141. 
(1/ 171 

J .thro Tull. S.n 0 1,,0. two tlcketa. 
b .. t off.r. L .. v. nem •• nd phon • . 4&2. 
211 • . (1/17' 

Schw inn v.,.,lty 10 .peed ' 70.00. W.t.r 
bed. hut.r .nd ch .. p fra me tIO.OO • 
-'1106. (1/20' 

H.rman-K.rdon HK1000 C .... tt. deck. 
w / dolby. m.mory. t3IIO _ • • 210 or 
beet off.r. 231-3221. 11 / 17' 

1m Hondo 1" cl Ilk. n_1 1_ mil ... 
M2i. 7M-~. (1 /17' 

HP ... calcu .. tor. leather ca ... bett.ry 
chllrg.r. l lk. _ condition . .-3-3031. 
11 /17' 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASHI P.yln, Top DoI"r 
for your U.S. Slhrer Col ... minted betore 
1 ... Ken 412·13211. I p3/141 

FIGURES MODELS·ALL SIZES. tIO/ hr. 
Z73-6317 .. 10 AM (p1 /22, 

WANTED: 2 tick ... to Jethro Tull on 
Feb. 1. Call ... ,. ..., I pm It you 
..... nvthlne. Thenka. (11J1' 

Gred·unclerered. knowt..... ......... 
proe .. ",lne tI help ....... _. tor 
pUblication. M •• MeItnr x."I. (1/171 

Get rtch ctulckl ~ Econ ,. 
.tud.nte. ..n your Ith .d'tlon 
lelllUOllon. Contact ...... ___ .... 
_tor.buyw. (p1/311 • 

Anyone whII"-'- or oo", ___ ln 
U ••• MerchHt Mertne· I need yOU, help 
on ..... nIne • Job on .n oo.. .... oIne 
.......... Any _Ietanoe woulll be 
....ttv ............. .,..... c:ontect G ..... A,..., (1/171 
l ... nIeh tutor for .... Inlne IItUCIont. • 
,..0IIeb1e. ChIp., ..... /112111 

One ticket to Tull .t the lporta Arena. 
C.II. __ 17. Frank. (1/171 

travel 
SSW Tre"" 0ttI0e . ON CAMPUI . 
EUROPE,. NY Chen.. UCBD 1m'1 
Center 412'- 16-3:30 M.W.F. ONLY 
(p11/17) 

CHARTERS TO EUROPE 11711-..t air 
f.,.. from "'. Round trip to LON· 
DON . A .. o • bit more. fllghta to: AM· 
STERDAM. BRUSSELS. IRELAND. 
FRANKFURT • • nd .om. comblnetl_ 
Into one city out another. In S.n 01,,0 
.Inc. 1121. cell DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEL 211-1141 . A .. o atudent rell 
pe_. car ren ..... pure"". etc. on .11 
trev.1 call2l1-1141. lp/lnd' 

SOUTH AMERICA ,. GALAPAGOS 
ISLES 2.-4 Month E....,..nc ... low·coat. 
B r ochur. : NEWWORLD 
EDUCAnONAL TRIPS. PO BOX 2131 . 
Sell"... Ca . ..n. (pl / 171 

personals 
Harv.y · "12·21 & ·.tatlon· mHn I lov. 
you l H.ppy Birthday · Laurl. (1/17' 

Crelgoo • IC.,. of Mo,.. A"rm Co., 
Ju.t cam. for the new.peper. hOpe 
Robin dldn't •• t off your bUII.r 
pr.m.turaly. The Bltch.n On ... 11 / 17' 

To.1I of my .. · .ult .. ln rm • . H·ll to H· 
1.. Tlog. Hall. 7th Floor. Keep on 
Truckln· ........... Butter. (1 / 17' 

To the .uy In the hilt. Com. by .nytime. 
2nd floor. TiOga. E·71 . Thil girt In the 
wlnd_: (1 /17' 

Old the crew of the R.t Fink go over· 
boerd111/171 

WANTED: 3 crew m.mber. to rep"c. 
d ... rt.,. on the good .hlp RAT FINK. 
(1 / 171 

Sailing. ..lIIng on the rat fink. how 
could you be.o dumb to thlnk .... (1/171 

Don't 'Greet your lito ....... _ • ..., 
.11 •• oep m8Il .. the deck .H.....,-y. "F 
CNW.nd MlcIlev. too. 11/17' 

Mitch K . . I thou .......... _ auppOM 
to be cIoww • Iooka Ik. I'm .... .. 
...... of you. (You .... you ...... tor 
dIIIedl 

~WoIoome to Gu.-1eIand; moy yOU 
ee"'" the hIe-" honore. tt.ppy 21Dt 
BlrtItcIay.ltut ......... pt. 1(1/171 

T8I& •• trIII ...... ny trlllneIe. ... V .. 1 No? 
The D.F. (1/171 

housing 
M or F roomma. _nted for fenteatlc 3 
.belr. houN In Enel"'" .-Jmo. tor 
own room. 272·~. 11122' 

Roomme .. ~. own room In 3 
bedroom houM In C"lremont '71.110 
pIu. utilltlM .nd .t leNt • modicum of 
affability. ZJt.113O. 11/171 · 

Fam.d S •• cllff.. b •• utlful 1110' , 
redwood mullletorled. ..beIed '"""-' 
.nvtronment .... epunky women to 
tak. room of feme .. leevlne tor Eeat. 
Prtv.. beech. 2 ecre lawn atudclod with 
pi".. ,. ......... Room hM prtv..2nd 
.tory porch with penoremic view of thll 
_ . .....1. or S_he D8I&otI c.G 
KSDT. Rent ... 10 per mo. (1/171 

SPlclou.. .lmOat .- 2 bedroom 
condo .pt neer UCSD. Pool ....... '221. 
L .... thru Sept. " ·1111. (1/17' 

Roomm.te needed La Jol .. VII .... II 
.pt 31'1 G rent tI7.1O " . A .. aD m ... 
non .moker·qu .... 413-7111. 11 / 171 

M.,t.r Bdr .. G_ Hlghl.nd • . In 3 
bdr. Town hou... For '1.. for 2 to 
.h.r. '1. & utll. I min to UCSD. 413-
1312. (1 / 171 

N .. d r •• pon.lb .. MIF rOOmm.t. for 2 
bdr. PB .pt 1 block from bHch. PI.no. 
.100 plu. 'It utll . ..... 7121. St.ve. I1 /20' 

'210. N_ 2 bdrm townhou.. In 
G.n .... Hlghl.nd • . U.C. C.rp.t • • 
drap •••• tov • . • mple .tOrDg . . .. r •• play 
.r ... 270-7111. Ip1 /221 

F.m.1e w.nted to .hllra room In dupl •• 
'n 0.1 M.r. " .001 mo. 411·1230. 11 / 171 

Roommat. needed for 2 bedroom. 2 
beth oc .. nfront .pettm.nt In M.B. 
"/mo plu. utilltl ... __ 2D42. 11/171 

Roomm.te w.nted to .here 3 bedroom 
ho", • .. I month plu. portion of 
utillt .... 7I3-tI7I. 11 1171 

M Rm.ta needed Immed. for 1 belrm 
fum. In U VII .... I. '112.lO/mo. ~ 
.... l1/aDl 

1 or 2 f.mele. n_mok.,. to .here U 
VII.... Apt. Im",ed"t. occupenvy . 
"'.21. C.II 412..,.. P.m or Chllr. 
(p1/24' 

Fumlehed or untumlehed .... rtment tor 
rent In QUiet. ....."... _ of CanItt 
with CleMn. ... oon .nd aurt view. Nee, 
b.-.ch .nd town. '1M/",onth (2 
Dtuclenta. or '1'111month (1 DtucIantI. 
IncludeD .11 utIIItIM. No chlillren or 
p.te. C.II 411-211. .tt.,noon. or 
~ ..... (P1/171 

R_me" _nteII: FemoIe to ...... 1 
b."room condo n •• , .ohool. 
m/month. ..... 1112111 

Fom"mt. ........ tor 2·beI"". apt. In 
...... I ••• InoIudM ....... Cell 
Toni dey 412~. nIeht""'" (11Je1 

lost and found 
LODt: llue .Id Jec:ket left In H" ,. 
leet weak · ....... mum to TT. '1/171 

Loet Tu ... 14 . • oId rlne with Imltlltlon 
D"mond. Not much valu. ..cept 
.. ntlmen .. " "Alrloorn' .. _rd . 
J_ Brook .. y. Chilllen.er l1li. 11/20. 

LOat . 'ellow hendled pock.. knife 
Shrede-W.1den No. 211 on b.... A 
...,._1 treMu .. . R_.rd. ___ 
ev.nl"". I1/22' 

semces 
Term P • ...,.I C.nedo·. "r, .. t eervlc • . 
For ca .. IOgu. eend t2 to: E ... y Service. 
17 Spadlne Av... No. D . Toronto. 
Ontario. C.nedo. IpllIl 

TYPING . MARILYN would Ilk. to ty.,. 
your peper. t...... .tc. She I. ex· 
perlenced on .11 ty.... of pe...,.. fut 
,...oneb" .nd he •• n IBM. P ..... call 
her.t""'. (p/ 17' 

Tu ... UP'. brek... minor r .... lr. good 
work low prlc • . MlkD. 412·1'12 or I .. v. 
m .... CI • . 11 /14' 

Birth Control Clinic • • Ppta. rullnln, 3 
wk • . In .dv.m: • . Call 412·" Mon. & 
W.d. "11:3O.m & "'pm. Coneultlltlon 
& InfO. pregnency counHllng .v.llable 
Tu • . & Thu,... ' ·3pm. (1 /201 

HAIRCUTS on c.mpu. by • 
prof ... lonel .. I cut. C.II M.rgl. 412· 
.. orlth floor Tlog • . H ..... (1 /17' 

carpool 
Need • cerpool from Chu" VI.te. C .... 
ached. MWF 1-1 or ' . Scott 427·7111. 
(1/17' 

C.rpool w.nted from Del Cerro. Allied 
Gard..... Sen Cartoa ."'. Dou, __ 
.... 11/221 

NMd • c.rpool from Chula VIDtD. C .... 
.ched. MWFI-I or'. ScottG7·1I1' 

--..... what's happening---------------------.. 
meetings 

ATTE NTION PRE· M EDSI MCAT 
Pr.p.ratlon Cou,... m.. .. ..ch Fri . 
6:30-7:00 p.m. In BS B 2100. Anyon. 
pl. nnlng to take MCAT • Invlt.d to 
partlclp.t • . For Info ca ll 46: ~170. (1 / 171 

SOARING CLUB GENER_ l MEEnNG I 
Mon .. 1120. 201101. 1:30. SnOrt m .. t lng 
to dl.cu.. the mHt. fl~ ln. . .tc. All 
m.mb.,. .tt.ndI/1/2Dt' 

C.mpu. Cruud. for (hrl.t mHta 
Frld.y In Wlnz.r Commo, • . BSB It 7 
pm . Sp.cl.1 mu. lc . 1 p , ... nt. tl o n : 
M.n·. Goapel Qu.rt.t LIGHT OF 
lOVE. Everyone w.'com • . (1/17) 

TRANSCENDENTAL MEOITATORS. 
Ad". mHtlng .nd group meditatio n 
MOn. J.n. 20 7 pm .. R.v.". Inform.1 
l oung • . For Info Joe Ri.k.r. 211.-& Or 
"1". IS.I.M.S.111/aD) 

notices 
Work. hop. for wom.n: Thur·Frl . .~ 
Encount.r·R.v.lI. Form.ILoung.; S.t· 
Su n • .-4 Con.clou. R.I. lng· R.v.lI. 
FOrmal Loung.; Pi .... c.1I .nd r ••• rv. 
YOU r .pot Coune.llng C.nt.r 37Ifj 
Wom.n·. C.nter 2OZ3. 11 /171 

COMMUTER STUDENTS: Th. R.v.lI. 
Commut.r .nd Stude, II Advocacy 
C.nt.r I •• ".nglng car pool. for wlnt.r 
Qu.rt.r. Mor. Info. JI2Il. Or com. In. 
(1/171 
UCS D BRIDG E CHAMPION S H IP III 
Sund.y·. br dg. tourn.m.nt w ill 
d.cld. who rOPr ... nta UCSD In thll 
coll.g l.t. r.glon.1 ch.mplon.hlp In 
D.vl ..... t month. All welcom • . • 1.110 
playing f .. fOr those completing for 
0.,,1. tourn.y. otherwl •• f'H. For Into-· 
·Barry·7!i6·131'. 11/17) 
Sund.y Wo,..hip S.rvlc •• at Unlv.,.lty 
Church. C.tholic m .... 130 • . m . • nd 
5:00 p m Epi. cop.1 Euc h.rlat. 12.30 p.m. 
lu th. , . n c.l.bration o f WHk of P r. y. r 
for Chrl.t"n Unity. 10:00 • . m. 11 /17t 

Stud.nt F.llow.hlp of Unlv.,.lty 
Church I •• v.. for Lak. A"owh .. d 
tod.y .t 6:30 p.m. for WHk .nd In the 
.n_. Th.r. will b. no m .. tlng Sund.y 
ev.nlng. (1/17) 

SEX CLINIC: COun •• llng on S •• u.1 
Probl.m.. W.d.. 3·1 pm; R.v.lI. 
Coun .. 'o,. Offlc. In •• t to the R.v. 
PrOvo. t Offlc. " Judith Jorg.n •• n. 
M.D.: Hugh Pat ••. Ph.D. 13/ 141 

ATTENTION MUIR Wlnt., Gradu.tlon 
C.ndld.t .. : Contact M,... W.rner In 
Muir Provo.t Offlc. to .rreng. .n 
.ppolntm.nt for your final d .. r .. 
ch.ck .nd to fII. your c.ndidacy c.rd. 
11/24' 

lectures 
Prof. H.rbert York will ..... k to thll 
Int.rnetlon Club on Fri. J.n. 17th • • t 
7:30 p .m . • t the Int.rnetlonel C.nt.r on 
"Curr.nt Problem. and PrODpecta In 
Arm. COntrol .nd DI .. rm.m.nt." 
Public Invited. 11 / 171 

Dr. Rob.r B. llvlng.ton. Prot ... or 
O.pt. ot N.urology UCSD Effect. of 
An .. th •• I. on Syn.ptlc Morphology. 
Fri. J.n. 17. 2:00. Room B_. Bulc 
Scl.nce Building. MC 11 / 171 

. 

musIc 
All Kr.n.k Chember Concert. S.t. J.n. 
1'. • B210. M.nd.vllie work. to b. 
p.rform.d STAnC AND ECSTAnC 
(pr.ml.rl EXERCISES OF A LATE 
HOUR .nd MARGINAL SOUNDS. 11/17' 

J.II Conc.rt by thll Socl.ty for the 
P.,..rv.tion of J.II .t the C ... m.ran 
'.12:00 Sun. J.n. 1. Blu. Mltchle. 
fHtured on I",pu'" Recor. ,. Joa 
M.rlilo & Equlno • . 11 / 17' 

art 
The 2nd .nnu" women'. .~ will 
open In the HL G • ...,., on Monclav. J.n. 

20. Shown will b. rec.nt work. by 1. 
IOC.1 wom.n .rtl.ta. Op.nlng: 4:00-7:110. 
Mon. night All w.lcom.. Ref,.h· 
m.nta. 11 /201 

dance 
O.nca tonight to the mu.lc of POWER 
OF THE RISING SUNS .t M.tthewe 
C.mpu. 201 (ne.t to bOOk.tore' 1:00 
'1 .10 at door·ev.ryone Invited. 11/17' 

films 
Cultural Tradltl_. Aalen wiN Dhow the 
followlne film. on J.n. 21. 7:00 pm. ~ 
HII. "ChI_ Revolution "..,......... 
.nd "A,OnIM of NetIonoIIem." F ... 
(1. Mln.111/2O' 

NEW CLASSIFIED ADS HOUR.: Mon. 
12·1. 4-1; Tu ... 12·1; W.... .J. t-I; 
Thura. 12·1; Fri. 12·1. "'. AdD will be 
....... onIy., ... .--


