
975 

Munoz: to Develop 3rd's 
Programs and Seroices 

Tanana Removed from YAF 
By Nationnl Executive Board 

by Brian Davis 
Staff Writer 

One of newly appointed Dean of 
Third College Dan Munoz' major 
goals is to "plant seeds" which will 
lead to development of better 
services and p,rograms for 
students of Third College. 

Munoz, whose last ~b was as a 

Fred Henderson 

Dan Munoz 

counselor at Counseling and 
Psychological Services at UC San 
Diego, began work Monday after 
being appointed by George 
Murphy, vice~hancellor and dean 
or student arralrs. Munoz succeeds 

Raymond Dye,' who is now 
assistant to the vice~hancellor and 
dean of student affairs. 

Joining Munoz, in the newly 
created post of associate dean, is 
Fred Henderson . Last year 
Henderson served as assistant 
dean of Muir College, and as acting 
resident dean of Muir . The 
associate dean's potition was 
created, according to Munoz; as a 
result of the growing needs or 
students and others at Third. 

Both in Tutorial Program 
Both Munoz and Henderson 

worked to establish the' high school 
tulofial program at UCSD in 1970. 
Dean Munoz, who has been 
workillg at UCSD since 1970, also 
worked in the Teacher Education 
Progralll and has taught 
interdisciplinary courses, as well 
as serving as a - counseling 
psychologist at the University . He 
has been, and is currently, working 
on a project studying the chicano 
experience in higher education . 

Associate Dean Fred Henderson 
graduated from Muir College in 
1973, and has until now worked at 
that college. While at UCSD , he 
was active in student government , 
and together with other minority 
students, he presented the 
Lumurnba-Zapata resolution to the 
Regents in 1970. This action was 
instrumental in the formation of 
Third College. 

Since graduation , he has been 
employed as assistant dean , of 
Muir , and as both its acting dean 
and acting resident dean . 

by John II . Taylor 
t:dltor·ln·chief 

Tom Tanana, for some time 
the most conspicuous con-
servative force and spokesman 
on the UC San Diego campus, 
haS been ousted from the Young 
Americans for Freedom (YAF l 
by that organization's national 
executive board. 

The action came earlier this 
month at a board meeting in 
Rosslyn , Virginia , where 
allegations concerning Tanana 
were presented by California 
YAF chairman Jim Lacy . 
According to Cal-Y AF 
executive director Randy 

~n, those allegations 
included "many questionable 
activities, including mishan-

dUng of UCSD chapter 
resources and attempts to 
sabatoge the organization." 

Among other claims, supplied 
Lacy by San Diego Y AF head 
Gary Kreep, Tanana has been 
accused of arranging a kick-
back from a speaker brought to 
campus using Student 
Cooperative funds , misuse of 
UCSD Y AF funds a.nd forming a 
separate conservative 
organization that "borrows" 
{rom Y AF's name. 

Apparently , the action con-
sidered the most reprehensible 
by the national board was the 
formation of Young Califor-
nia 'ns for Freedom (YCF). 
Tanana , who says the group 
was formed at the beginning of 

UCSD Hopes to Gain 
10-Year Accredidatiori 

by Alan Russell 
Staff Writer 

the summer out of frustration 
with the way Y AF's leadership 
was chosen and the 
organization 's inactive state, 
claims that 70 percent of what 
was YAF's membership now 
belongs to the YCF. 

Meanwhile , the UCSD 
chapter of Y AF has been 
"suspended" by the national 
board, and YCF has been of-
ficially registered as a student 
organization . 

Inv('stigation 
Additionally , according to 

student center director Mark 
Book, the administration plans 
a routine investigation of the 
action against Tanana , to make 
sure that no "discrimination" 
against him was involved. 
Tanana said Sunday he would 
meet Wednesday with Book-
man. 

The kickback claim stems 
from last year's appearance of 
noted libertarian John Hospers. 
UCSD YAF obtained $350 from 
the Student Coopera 'ye for 

This story is the first in a two-part series on accreditation and UC San Hospers ' appearanc , and 
Diego. The second installment will probe the reports of Accrediting Tanana admits having received 
Teams that have visited UCSD in the pa l. $150 back from the speaker as a 

UC San Diego will receive its first fuJI ten year accreditation during this donation to the chapter. 
academic year if Chancellor McElroy's plans are realized . Kreep, however, claims the 

Dr . Manuel RQtenberg , acting dean of graduate students, has been donation was arranged before 
appointed to head the Subcommittee for Institutional Self.study and the request was made to the 
Evaluation which will oversee the accreditation effort. The Coop , while Tanana says the 
subcommittee is responsible under the Program Review Committee money came unsolicited with no 
(PRC>. accompanying letter . 

Accreditation is a voluntary process which judges all departments of Another allegation involves 
higher education and attempts to assure integrity and excellence in all UCSD Y AF 's bank accou~t. 
work . In trying to obtain these objectives, it will run an appraisal of its Kreep told the Triton Times 
own educational procedures, allow an on-(!a~.Pus visit by members and Tanana had said the chapter 
representatives of the appropriate accrediting commission and make had 500 in the account, but that 

Not Perman('nt available all records and documents that would pertain to UCSD. when he (Kreep 1 went to San 
The appointments of Munoz and Self improvement is encouraged by peer evaluation of institutions, and Diego Trust and Savings to 

Henderson are not permanent. accreditation gives the government a basic assurance of quality impound the money -- following 
Unless they decide to apply later education, allowing such funding as the G I Bill . the action against Tanana and 
this year to .seek their new The subcommittee is preparing a self-study report which wi ll be the chapter -- there was only 
permane~lt~y, it is . Iikely t~at submitted by December of this year to the regional accrediting agency, $25. 
Munoz WIll ~ell1m to ~I~ counsell.ng the Western Association of Schools and Colleges . This report will be Tanana said there had indeed 
and teachIng pOSItions .whlle , reviewed by a Western Ass9ciation accrediting team , which will be on been $500 in the account, but 

He~derson hopes to be wo~klllg as campus next April. Heading that group will be Richard C. Gilman, that he had removed most of the 
as:;lstant dean at MUIr nexl President of Occidental College. money under a provision in the 
September. . The immediate goal of the subcommittee is to achieve the ten year YAF chapter bylaws allowing 

AI prese~ll, Munoz, along WIth accreditation, but it will also continue to function as a subcommittee of the chapter executive board to 
Beverly Sala, whll has b('(' ,. PRC and stay as a permanent campus organization. [CODtbluedODpage9] (c.tIaMd_baek,..e) _______________________________ --, 

The Eagles (above), Jackson Browne and Linda Ronstadt were rejoined under the sun Saturday in Balboa Stadium. 
See review, page 8. (IT: photo: Paul Jarvis) 



Page t\'\ 0 

• rlfoll flI1M'S 

Job . Taylor 
Edltor-... ~Ief 

Marl stadler 
..... eIINor 

uca.nDlego 

Marl Woelber 
Ibnqlng edllor 

Jad'les G. sOt.o 
'Clty edllor 

Sara J. LoweD 
Co_unity edllor 

The Triton Times is recognized as the official student newspaper by 
the Communications Boord of UCSD. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of the majority of the editorial board (above). and not the 
views of the University. the Communications Boord or the student 
body. 

Right Foot? 
· . A little ucilement was generated last week by the contiJuing attempt 
by the Graduate Student Union to have their problems. and thus the 
problems of the Unnivenity. heard before the Regen". The Regents are 

. as slow as they want to be. but before long they ca n be expected to finally 
ileal with the GSU question in an eHicient and exhaustive mamer. Before 
they do it is easy to understand why the GSU eontiwes to be plagued by 
the problemS that were caused by f!rces beyond their control . 
· . The GSU. however. must not grow so frustrated as to embark on a 
course or action that would only lurt their cause . Any a ttempts to embark 
on a "work action," or 10 .... t it more bluntly. a strike. would only hurt 
undergraduate education. which the GSU is claiming to try to improve. 
The undergraduate has already heen treated a a captive pawn by both 
the administration and the GSU. and s ome people are hecoming tired of 
the. w hole a rra ir. 
· . lIowever the wllole problem turns out. the GSU must be commended 
for the superior way the members have handled themselves. Their case 
has been argued persuasively and rationally. The (;SU ha s always acted 
in an orderly manner and has been very ~en in the conduct ?f ils 
actil' ilies. 
. . The conduct 01 the GSU. both this year a nd last. is in sta rk contrast to 
that of the "unofficial" undergraduate studen t government on campus. 
the Student Cooperative. There were times la.t year when the members 
of that organiza tion mad!! a mockery of the whole concept of free . open. 
and representative government . Hules were discarded when convenient 
and the struggle to control the purse strings of the body. the Budget 
resource group was a sad commentary on the undergra<klate student. 
· .1I0wever. lastyearwas las t year and pe~le hOI ve had a chance to mu II 
over their past errors . The Coop is the organization that makes important 
decisions for undergraduale . and thus cannot be discarded by its 
detr.! tors. 11 is hoped that the.Coop wiU try harder toc!rrect the abuses 
of last y ear and that more peop Ie take an ac live interest in wha t is going 
on . 
· . If people don·t I ike wha t i going on a t I he Coop. then pc ople should ae t 
tochangeit; ifpeol)le are pleased with what is going on ,then they should 
indicate so. At a ny l-ate . the Coop shou ld not be a closed body - it 
shouldn ' t be just a nother club. The Coop shou ld set'k to accomplish the 
goals it boldly proclaimed last fall and again during the ea'!lpus 
refcrrcndu m. 

f rtfollf. u..s Monday, September 29, 1975 , 
former Reporter States 

The Cooperative-Has Lost Its Cr~ibility 
by Craig Uchida 

Editorial Dtrector 
Tonight marks the premier 

engagement of the year for the 
Student Cooperative. As an ex-
Coop reporter, I was greaUy 
relieved to heat that I would not be 
covering that organization this 
year. 

As a cub reporter for the Triton 
Times last spring. I wa!; assigned 
the inglorious task of attending 
Coop mcetings and writing ncws 
items that would be unbiased as 
well . as interesting to the 
University community. This form 
of student government , I was told, 
was an experimei1tal one, similar 
to an old-fashioned New England 
town meeting. It was based on the 
notion that only those SIncerely 
interested would attend the 
meetings. 

My initial reaction was, "That·s 
an interesting concept, I wonder 
if it works?" To my dismay, the 
weeks ahead showed that it did not. 

The first meeting I attended 
involved the election or rather non-
election of the Budget Resource 
Group coordinator. After months 
of trivial debate and elimination of 
numerous candidates for the post , 

Letter to the Editor 

two candidates finally emerged --
Alex Annala and Tom Tanana. 

Unfortunately, Tom Tanana was 
not one of the more popular 
members of the Coop (maybe that 
has changed) and Alex Annala 
made the mistake of saying. ". 

wrapped up in the Coop ideology, 
that I voted ill the affirmative with 
regard to the legitimization of the 
Coop in the spring referendum. As 
the weeks wore on, however, I 
began to regret my decision. 

Instead of attempting to help 

LiMandri and Munoz were elected by students 
who came in to vote, and left when victory 
\yas assured. 

don't really want the position. 
don ' l think anyone who is really 
coherent wants the position ." (TT. 
April 9>' As it turned out. neither 
was elected as coordinator and fue 
post remained vacant for the 
course of the year. 

Undaunted by fuis one instance, I 
'still believed fuat the Coop had 
highly noble intentions and would 
really try to benefit the students at 
UCSD. The Coop had achieved 
some important goals - appointing 
students to campus wide 
committees. allocating the 
Campus Activity fee , 
communicating with the local 
community and having an All 
Campus Dance . I became so 

their fellow students, Coop 
members became bent upon 
elevating fueir own egos. Instead 
oC trying to enlist the support of the 
student community, the Coop 
managed to antagonizc IIUlny. 
'through slanderous insults and 
maniacal outbursts. The tolal 
disregard for any order at the 
meetings, a lack of a concrete set 
of rules to follow, a lack of respect 
for fellow students and a disturbing 
lack of maturity on the part of its 
members began to turn me off. 

Why a SD Transit Subsidy? 

The final nail in the coffin was 
driven when it was determined by 
the Coop that students could vote at 
meetings without attending prior 
ones. . Previously,. it had been 
standard procedure that a student 
must attend two out of furee Coop 
meetings in order to become 
eligible to vote. With the 
elimination of this rule, attendance 
soared and Marco LiMadri was 
ecstatic. It is quite a surprise that half of 

our parking ticket money goes to 
the San Diego Transit District , as 
reported in Monday's (Sept. 22) 
Triton Times. What does UCSD get 
in return for this subsidy? One 
thing is for sure , though the San 
Diego Transi t District has no 
incentive to improve the bus 
service to UCSD as long as it gets 
$45.000 to $50.000 per year from car 
drivers who find the bus service too 
inconvenient to use. Perhaps a 
"consumer advocate" type could 
look into this interesting situation . 

. J.C. SIREN 

The Trllon Times Is recognized by the 
Communications Board 01 UCSD •• the 
official student n_spapar. Pubtle8l10n 
is on Mondoys. Wedn.ld.ys and FrldlY. 
during the. regutar school y .. r [.xcept 
on 011 lei.. holldaysl. Editorial .,d 
business office. Ire loated In t17 Bilka 
Hall on the Revelle College campus. 
Uni .. rslty 01 California. SIn Diego. 

Lett ... s to 'he Editor and opinion 
columns ere welcomed. All submlnlon. 
should be typed on a 74·sp.ce line on 
non.rauble papar. They should nat 
exceed three pages in length doubl. 
spaced. The Triton Tlm .. r ... MIS lhe 
right to edit submission. becau.. 01 
space limitations Of type requirements . 

I For editorial ; call 452-3486; 'Of 
. business and display ed .. rtl ....... " . 

call 452·3468. 

His joy was well Counded, for the 
rollowing week he and Irma Munoz 
were elected external affairs 
statewide cocoordinators by 
students who walked into the 
meeting to vote Cor fuem and 
walked out when their victory was 
assured. 

For these reasons. the Student 
Cooperative has lost its credibility 
and legitimacy as a student 
government. If it is-to regain its 
status as a government, drastic 
changes must be made in attitudes 
and protocol. 

Heliocopters, ~norails or Busses 
Transportation Essential for School Desegregation 

by Thomas F. Pettigrew 
Once again school busing is the 

whipping boy. The latest to wield 
the lash was President Ford , who 
in an impromptu White House 
press conference last \veek. said 
that some courts ' are ignoring 
congressional guide lines an d 
ordering busing of students without 
first trying less drastic measures 
to achieve desegregation . 

Indeed, busing to achieve school 
desegregation has become such a 

politically~harged issue that even 
its basic dimensions are poOrly 
understood and seldom discussed . 

How extensive is bUSing? An 
estimated 50.2 percent of the 41 .4 
million . public schools students 
were bused to school in 1979-75. 

(This percentage has risen 
rapidly oyer the pa s t 
generation In 1953-54. only one-
third were bused to school (8.4 
out of 25.6 r., iOion.) 
This incr'-!ase is largely due to 

ce ntralizat io . nnt to 
desegregati In Less than 4 percent 
of all public ~hool children were 
bused last y ~a for desegregation . 
So only 7 · percent of all bused 
children WI!r bused for racial 
des gralion 

The furor conce rn s thi s 7 
percent, not the 93 percent who 
ride buses for nonracial reasons , 
and a ttitud s m to hing to 
S41me rxtpnt on whf' th I' race is 

s n as the r('asoll for the 
busing. 

Th Harris . survry . fo r instance. 
;Jskl'd parents nl nu:,C'd chi ldrrn in 

1972 their opinions outside of any 
racial context. An overwhelming 
majority approved : 83 percent 
were "satisfied" with the 
a rrangement and 89 percent 
reported that their children found 
it to be " convenient. " 

Once race is m e ntioned . 
however , many persons' attitudes 
shift dramatically . In November , 
1974, Gallup asked a national 
sample what they thought of 
" busing schoolchildren to achieve 
better racial balance in schools." 
Only 28 percent of whites were in 
favor, 72 percent opposed. But, 
contrary to popular opinion . 75 
percent of fue non-whites favored 
busing Cor racial school balance. 

Much oC the white opposition has 
been politically inspired. While 41 
percent told Harris interviewers in 
early 1971 that they opposed school 
busing for desegregation in their 
communities, those opposed had 
grown to 69 percent by March 1972 
after nationally-televised attacks 
on busing by then President Nixon. 

Yet large majorities of 
Americans favor interracial 
schools , judging Crom surveys by 
di fferent agencies. In one typical 
survey conducted this y ar by the 
Nalional Opinion Research Center , 
92 percent of whites had "no 
objection to sending" their 
"children to a school where a few 
of the children are Negroes"; 74 
p r c nt no objection " to a school 
I!. here half of the children 'are 
N gro ": and 51 percent no 
objec tion " to a school wh r a 

majority of the children are 
Negroes . " 

Whites seem to divide into, three 
groups : Die·hard segregationists 
constitute about a fifth of adult 
whites. They are in the Boston alld 

well as 

Square Wheel 
the more avid supporters of Gov . 
George Wallace for President. 
Another group , about the same 
size, are firm believer in 
integrating America's institutions. 
Often young , fu y upport busing 
and other means to achieve this 
goal. 

The third group, constituting a 
majority of white America. 
upporls racial change in principl 

but is oft n unwilling to PRY such 
co ts as busing to achieve chartge. 
Thcy und rstandably res nt being 
la beled " racists." Yet they assign 

a low priority to racial change, and there will be no single effect of 
follow the President's lead, which desegregation. Opponents 
generally is cool, if not hostile , to emphasize the least successful 
busing . cases; proponents emphasize the 

SaCety sometimes is cited as a most successful ; both exaggerate 
factor in views on busing. but the when they claim that their selected 
hazards of riding school buses have examples prove busing "Cails" or 
been exaggerated . A "works." 
Pennsylvania study over five years Two additional complexities 
found that youngsters on buses had obscure the "effects " isslle. What 
only one-third as many accidents are the criteria for "success"-no 
per mile of Iravel as those walking violence, achievement gains , 
to school. National Safety Council improved life chances? And how 
figures for 1968 showed a deafu long should we walt before judging 
rate (or school buses only one- the process? Some condemn it 
fourth that of regular buses, and after six months; others would 
one-fortieth that of cars. And no wait years to evaluate "the 
one has demonstrated fuat busing desegregated generation" as 
is more dangerous for the 7 percent adults. In any event, busing for 
of students being bused for racial desegregation has not occurred 
reasons than it is for fue ofuer 93 long enough to reach conclusive 
percent riding buses for other judgments about its effects. 
reasons . Wifuin these severe limitations, 

'(rying to assess the effects of tentative generalizations can be 
busing is difficult. Actually. fue advanced. Violence has not 
question of effects is not strictly typically accompanied the 

' relevant to fue reason for busing - initiation of court-ordered busing. 
to assure constitutional rights of The Louisvillcs and Bostons 
equal protection of the laws under receive wide publicity when they 
the T4th Amendment. And since experience disruptions; fue more 
there is no evidence fuat fue effects ~ typical Springfield (Mass.) and 
of interracial education vary Minneapolis without disruptions 
depending upon whether students are seldom mentioned. The qllallty 
are bused, the real question, of political leadership and fue 
thE'refore. is : What are the effects perception of the inevitability of 
of school desegregation ? change are critical determinants 

Th answer to this is complex of acceptanc~. 
because of the enormous diversity Political leadership also helps to 
oC public education . At once its determine whefuer there will be an 
great str ngth and great exodus of whites. 
wcaknes. this diversity of There is no magic in racial 
America 's schools guarantees that Continued OD Page 12 

Monday, September 29, 1975 f rlfoll film'S Page three 
Address at 10th Revelle Commencement 

Roger Revelle: Toward ' Patriotism in 1975 
by Roger ReveUe 

It is commonly said that what 
you learn in college Is how to do 
things , not what you should do. In 
engineering, for example. one 
learns a great deal about energy 
and efficiency, but little about 
ethics; in economics one studies 
money and goods, but not what is 
good. 

Surely iUs only partly true that a 
university does not teach the 
values men and women should live 

This address was deHvered in 
June by Dr. Revelle at the tenth 
Commencement ceremooles ~ UC 

an D1ego's oldest college. The 
speech II sllghUy abridged as it 
appears here. 

by. A university is the flDest 
device ever invented to remember 
what the best and the wisest of our 
race have written and thought, and 
the best and the wilest have 
always been concerned with 
values. How should human beings 
act towan! each other? What is 
man's place in nature? 

But a commencement address is 
one of the few times when it is 
proper for a university teacher to 
come straight out and say what he 
thinks about values, about what 
men and women should do, and I 
am going to take advantage of this 
opportunity. I want to talk to you 
abou t one particular value which is 
not very well thought of today. 
That value is patriotism. 

It is easy for men and women of 
my generation to be patriotic, 
because fue most intense ex-
perience of our lives was fue 
second World War. We truly 
believed, and I still think we were 
right. that fue world hung in fue 
balance between good and evil; 
and it was by no means obvious 
which side would win out. Europe 
and the western part of fue Soviet 
Union had been overrun by a 
frighteningly efficient anny led by 
a malign madman. After Pearl 
Harber and the Japanese victories 
in the Pacific , we and our British 
and Russian allies seemed to be 
nearly defenseless. Under fuis 
fearful threat the people of the 
United States joined together in a 
mighty burst of production and 
creativity. A spirit of unity that is 
difficult even to imagine today 
pervaded - fue whole country. 
There was no question of the 
meaning of patriotism. We 
belteved we and our aDies were 
fightinl for a just cause fuat 
demanded the best and the most 
we had to give. . 

After the war came the j inloiam, 
suspicion and intolerance It the 
McCarthy era in the 1950S; the 
growing realization in the 19608 of 
the many injustices within our own 
society and in the relations bet-
ween rich and poor countries in the 
world ; fue recognition of fue in-
sanity of major wars in an ap of 
nuclear weapons; the cruelty and. 

LEARN 
TAP 

DANCING! 
F.n CI_n Now Forminl 

• Bepnninl 
• Advanced 
• Amaleur 
• Profn ion.1 

"'rlliac~d nil eM ',....mal Socwcw 
o/TftlClwn 0/ Daftd"" 

7533 DlAPII Ava., LA JOllA 
CAU.: 4114112 

(FIrIt ...... Is _pl • ...,' 

futility of Vietnam, which broke 
our confidence in ourselves; and 
the revelations oC governmental 
corruption and lying during the 
last few years . No wonder fuat in 
the past three decades the name of 
patriotism has guttered out in a 
pool of apathy and indifference. 
No wonder fuat many oC yoo have 
turned away from the problems of 
our society to a concern with sheer 
individual survival. The men and 
women of your generation are 
liable to think of patriotism as at 
best cheap sentimentality, and at 
worst as the last refuge oC a 
scoundrel. Words like glory and 
honor, victory and self-sacrifice, 
gallantry and heroism, coorage 
and duty, have become dirty 
words . 

How can I dare to talk to you 
about patriotism'? You are liable 
to feel I am like the man who said 
to Abraham Lincoln , "I feel 
patriotic." "What do you mean'?" 
said Lincoln. The man said, "Why 
I feel like I want to kill somebody 
or steal something ." 

But I want to talk about another 
kind of patriotism, fue kind I 
believe inspired Lincoln, fuat 
greatest of all American pa triots. 1 
want to talk to you in fue shadow of 
Lincoln's spirit and in fue spirit of 
Walt Whitman , the poet of 
American patriotism. To Linclin 
and Whitman , patriotism meant 
love of our country, a love that 
transcended survival , that looked 
beyond the corruption, apathy. and 
self-seeking whick, then as now . 
loomed large in American life: 

The best justifica lion for this 
kind of patriotism can be seen in 
the world around us . One of the 
remarkable phenomena of our 
time is the rise of na tionalism in 
the new countries that have been 
formed throughout Asia , Africa 
and Latin America in the last 
thirty years . In spite of vast 
potential resources, many of these 
countries are unable to feed their 
people, let alone to lift their bur-
dens of misery and poverty. But 
one cannot spend much time in 
these poor countries without 
coming to the belief tha t in spite of 
their loud nationalism, their un-
derlying difficuhy is an absence of 
true patriotism . 

The rise of nationalism has 
mainly served the interests of fue 
most powerful classes, tribes or 
groups, and not fue larger interests 
of the new nations. The small 
elites who control their 
governments are mostly 
indifferent to these larger 
interests, even though fuey give 
them lip service. Most people in 
most so-called developing 
countries still owe their loyalties to 
fue village or the extended familv. 
The very concept of loyalty to India 
or PakiStan or Ghana or Nigeria 
has little meaning for fuem . 

What is it about our country fuat 
we can love? Four fuings, two of 
fuem visible and two invisible: fue 

land , the people, the laws and the 
revolutionary spirit of America. 

Clearly we can love this 
marvelous land, fuis continent-
wide, infinitely varied country . No 
one ean fly across it, as Mrs . 
Revelle and I have just done. 
wifuout being aware of its beauty 
and diversity .. fue green forests 
and lakes of New England, the 
rolling hills of Indiana . the f1aJ and 
fertile soil of Iowa , fue farms so 
neatly divided in square sections. 
the fields of waving wheat in 
Nebraska and Colorado, the 
mighty Rockies wifu fueir summits 
still snow~overed in June, the 
pinnacles and deep~ut canyons of 
the desert. wearing their cloaks of 
many colors, and then the final 
range of mountains and the Pacific 
shining in fue distance. 

Our country is more than a land. 
It is also a people. as diverse as 
their land. Listen to the accents of 
the men from Maine, always 
slightly comical to the rest of us, 
the sharp Yankee twang oC 
Massachusetts, the sweet lilt of 
Tennessee, the drawl oC the 
Texans. llie mixed accents oC 
Hawaii , the plain speech of Iowa. 
Think of the pioneers, who walked 
across a continent, covering the 
distance in as many months as we 
now take in hours , in the hope of 
building new lives at the end of the 
journey. Think of the black and 
yellow and brown and white 
people, the English. Scots, Irish 
and Germans, the Poles, 
Hungarians , Swedes and 
Norwegians, the Catholics, 
Protestants and Jews - all are 
Americans. We are a nation of 
immigrants, a recycling center for 
the world. 

Yet, often, in our selfishness and 
vulgarity, Americans are hard to 
love. 

When he took command of that 
rabble in arms. the Yankee 
farmers who made up llie guerilla 
bands that were harrying the 
British around Boston in 1775 • 
George Washington said. "Such a 
dirty mercenary spirit pervades 
the whole that I should not be at all 
surprised at any disaster that may 
happen . I dare say the men would 
fight well if properly officered, 
although they are an exceedingly 
dirty and nasty people." Yet fue 
men soon came to revere him and 
he to love them. and between fuem 
they achieved fue impossible task 
of driving the professional soldiers 
of Europe forever out of their land . 

We Americans may be hard to 
love for one reason because fuere 
are ' so many of us, but Walt 
Whitman managed it. 

"All the hapless silent lovers, all 
the prisoners in fueir priSons, all 
the righteous and fue wicked, all 
fue joyous, all llie sorrowing, all 
the living, all the dying ..... . O 
resisUess resUess race . 

o beloved race in all . 
o my breast aches with tender 

love for all . 

/ 
/,,~\ 
, 

, 

29t111l11 
. .-. 

" 
, ".' - - - Headed for northern 

,,' California (or LA • Burbank. Long BeaCh. 
_,,' Ontario)? Call your campus rep or PSA and 

• - - - - .-_. tell them you want to buzz off PSA g Ivas you a lift 

Roger Revelle 
o I mourn and yet exult. 
I am rapt with love for alL" 
We lesser mortals may not have 

great enough souls , large enough 
hearts. or sufficiently imaginative 
minds to love 210 million 
Americans. But we can do the next 
best thing, we can respect and 
encourage our fellow citizens in 
every part of our country and in 
every stratum of society. We can 
treat them as brothers and sisters 
no matter what the color of their 
skins,,' their sex or their social 
status . We can seek true equality, 
genuine freedom . and generous 
justice for everyone of them. 

There are also two things about 
our country that we cannot see -
the laws fuat define and express 
our duties to each other and to all 
mankind , and the revolutionary 
spirit of America . 

Ours is a country conceived in 
liberty and dedicated to the 
proposition that all men are 
created equal. That conception 
and fuat dedication are embodied 
in the laws. Here I do not mean the 
complicated contents of law books 
.but the glue of shared morality and 
faith that binds our country 
togefuer .. sometimes an irrational 
morality and a childlike faith . This 
is what we mean when we say we 
have a government of laws , not 
men . 

The protection of liberty, the 
fostering of equality, the 
distribution of justice - these are 

the real underlying laws or the 
United States because they express 
values that exist in all human 
beings. Each of you can think of 
heroic stories of human beings who 
were willing to die to be free or to 
obtain justice. 

One of the great stories is about 
Socrates. when his old friend , 
Crito , came to try to persuade him 
the night before he was sentenced 
to drink the poisonous hemlock . 
Socrates imagined that the spir it of 
the laws of Athens had come to 
visit him . They said. " Listen, 
Socrates, to us who have brought 
you up . Think not of life and 
children first and oC justice 
afterwards, but of justice first. 
Now you depart in innocence. a 
sufferer and not a doer of evil , a 
victim not of the laws but of men ." 
And then Socrates said, "This , 
dear Crito , is the voice I hear 
murmering in my ears like the 
sound of the flute in the ears of the 
mystic, that voice I say is 
humming in my ears, and prevents 
me from hearing any other. And I 
know that anyfuing more you say 
will be in vain." 

I remember a modern example. 
though it did not end tragically. In 
1950. Earl Warren, who later 
became one of fue greatest ChieC 
Justices of the Supreme Court oC 
the United States, was Governor oC 
California and ex-{)fficio President 
of the Board of Regents of fue 

Continued on Page 12 

Stimulate Thyself: 
Picl", up APfDlicotions 

for 
Student Positions 

on campus wid 
committees at tud. nt Organizati ns 

X 



Pap four 
ipolitiCS: James Soto 

Too any Chiefs? 
Dullneas and sam;ess promise to be the hallmarks of the impending 

1976 presidential ,. paign. Dragging on now (or its second year, 
" Election 76" has In re than a year to go and there seems to be no end in 
sight. 

For the beleagl1ered citizen , who has already seen a promising 
bicentennial eithel' prostituted by greedy hUSIII(,SSIIII' 11 or cynically 
discarded by the social masochists whose motives remain shady and 
disreputable, the prospect of having to endure the inevitable mudslinging 
~ casts a shadow on the future of the voters' sanity. 

Dullness and sameness will be found not so much in the candidates 
themselves but rather in the issues, in the solutions to the problems, and 
in the campaign tactics of the candidates. Onc can almost fear the 
numbers of candidates who have declared their intentions , or are 
parading around the country in such a manner that their intentions need 
not be stated or questioned because it is obvious why a man from Maine 
or Vermont , who was last in Camornia while in the Navy in 1945, should 
all of a sudden grace our fair state with a tour of the chicken and peas 
circuit. 

Officially Declared 
On the Democratic side, the following have officially declared 

themselves candidates : Morris Udall, Representative from Arizona ; 
Jinlll1Y Carter (or mer Governlir or Georgia : 1'"n.'<I lIarris , former 
Scnator from Oklahoma ; Tcrry Sanford, former Unvernor of North 
Carolinil; George Wallace , Governor nf Alabanla : Lloyd Bentson , 
Senator from Texas; Henry Jackson , Senator from W;tshlngton ; ~r~ent 
Shrivcr , former director of the Peacc Corp and UIC 1972 Democratrc .Vlce-
presidential candidate' and Milton Schapp, Governnr of Pennsylvanra . 

In additIOn , some ob~ervers would not be terribly surprised if any o( the 
following threw their hat into the ring : Birch Bayh, Senator from 
Indiana ; Frank Church , Senator from Idaho; Dale Bumpers, Senator 
from Arkansas ; Hugh Carey , Governor of New York ; and Edmond G. 
Brown Jr ., Governor of California. 

If any of these candidates fail to meet approval by the Democratic 
Nationill cOllwention next year in New York. the following could be 
drafted or start campaigning at the convention preliminary to the 
balloting : Edward Kennedy, Senator from Massachusetts ; Hubert 
Humphrey, Senator from Minnesota , George' McGovern , Senator from 
South Dakota : and Edmund Muskie, Senator frolll Mainc . 

Only Gerald Ford 
The Republicans , at this point in lime, only have Gerald Ford , 

President of the Un ited States a an announced canndidate. Ronald 
Reagan has been moving throughout the country and an announcement of 
his candidacy would not be the greatest shock of the Twentieth Century . 
Charles Percy ha indicated that he may challenge Ford for the 
nomination if lhe President verves to the Right. Finally , New Hampshire 
Governor Meldrim Thompson has stated he wil l run if Reagan doesn 't. 
Thompson is regarded a more conservative than Reagan. 

The issues that separate these candidates are now readily apparent. 
With the e)(ception of George Wallace, the Democratic candidates appear 
to be liberal and for the most part oppose the policies of President Ford. 
Two candidatcs, Carter and Sanford, (both Southel'ners) have been 
advertising themselves as alternatives to Wallace. Carter and Sanford's 
campaign's can be described as a negative program against another 

[Continued un Page IIJ 

Student Center Heads 
Coop's First Agenda 

The Student Cooperative, in 
its first meeting of the school 
year, will hear a proposal about 
an all-student committee 
designed to oversee Student 
Center activities , a task 
accomplished mainly by the 
administration in the past. 

The Coop will also hear 
reports from Statewide 
External Affairs Coordinators 
Irma Munoz and Marco 
LiMandri, and Local External 
Affairs Coordinator-nominees 
Fred Speck and Steve Switala . 

In addition , it is scheduled to 
enterta in a motion on the 
recommendation powers of the 

Appointments and Evaluations 
('om mittee , which last year 
was charged with the authority 
to eva luate Coop coordinators 
and chairpersons . 

Board of Authority 
Ron Green will present the 

proposal to a Board of Authority 
composed entirely of students, 
which would supplan t some of 
the a dministration 's control of 
the Student Center . 

Also to be discussed will be 
the Coop's permanent meeting 
time a nd the possible establish-
ment of a campus organization 
for the Tom Hayden Senate 
campaign. 

r 
I 

-------------$33,500,000 
I UICLAIMED SCHOLARSHIPS 
l Over $33,5OC,000 unclaimed scholarshi ps, grants, a ids, and fellowships rar"l!ing from $50 to $10,000. Current list of these 

., 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I' 
I 

I sources resear~hed and compiled as of September 5, 1975. UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHIPS 
369 Allen AVI,nue, Portland, Ma ine 04103 I 0 I am enc lo ing $12.95 plus $1.00 for pO:.tdge:;:n hllndl ing. 
(Check or mon~y order - no cash, please.) 

I" you 'W150h 10 u ~e your c.n .,c~ c.ard , pl •• ,e fill out IOPl'ODflate boltes below; I 0 [- - ! I 0 PLEASE RUSH YOUR ~~ CURRENT LIST OF 
I I UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHIPS r..:::~;::::. ~I ===~ SOURCES TO: 
I Clld,t I C.,~ No L.. _______ -' Name 
I Address ............. :''':::::.:::: ::::: ...... .. : ..... :.:.::::::::::.::: .. : .. :::::: .. :::::: I 

Zip .......... I 
-_ ..... L:City State M,lne _idenls pl_ Idd 5'110 •• Ift tn. 

-----------

• rh.M.fl JII(~ Monday, September 29, 1975 
Muir Reporter 

Overcrowding Cause for Concern 
by ('a thy Fltzmallricr 

starr rt'porter 
Cha.es in the administration of 

Muir, 811 well 811 the usual over-
crowlfing, have temporarily 
hindered the operative capacity of 
the college 

Since Muir College ProvOlt, John 
Stewart , is on sabbatical this year, 
Professor Pat Ledden is acling as 
provOlt, leaving the position IX 
associate provOlt _ vacant. Kay 
Reynolds is the new head of 
academic counseling at Muir , and 
the former position of Muir 
Resident Dean has been replaced 
by two " Resident Counselor" 
positions now occupied by Cheryl 
Liang and Willie Brown. 

Muir was originally built to 
accommodate 2.200 students , yet 
today has an enrollment of 3,200 
students, an overload that Muir is 
well-accustomed to. Muir College 
Dean Beckley, not at all pleased 
with the surplus, said that he had 
been trying "hopelessly" to reduce 
the number of students for some 
lime. 

The Muir Collcge Council will be 
electing a freshman representative 
fOI' the first time this fall. 
Information concerning the 
e lection will be posted at the 
Dean's uffice, and the date of the I 
firsl Muir College Council meeting. 
In addition , Corky Cacas has been 

h ired to the new position of 
designer of Ihl' ,Ictivities program 
at Muir , a posilion created to aid 
the cl)unci l. 

Our apologies to both Page One 
and CAPE for Rot posting their 
Seplember 24th open house. The 
purpose of the open house was to 
introduce Muir students to these 
facilities, which exist to serve 
them . Cape is now localed in the 
former Muir te levision room, with 
Page One right nextdoor . 

. \," 
\ '. ~~ 

Dean Beckley, speaking about 

"sub-communlty ," where one 
could become personaDy involved 
with others. In Ulis nourishing 
culture of human contact, warmth 
for the institution would arise. 

Beckley frequently referred to 
his objection of Muir being con-
sidered a " resort", with his role 
mistakenly being viewed as that of 
a plamer of activities for the 
hundreds of young strangers living 
in the two high rises . He points out 
that his duties are to help out 
students in aD aspects of their 
campus life, academic as well as 
non-academic . Ideas he has for 
improving nfe at Muir include the 
introduction of volunteer and field 
work as alternatives to the usual 

classes . Through alternate types of 
education such as these the 
students have an opportunity to get 
out into the larger community and 
associate what he is learning to the 
ultimate purpose of the new 
knowledge, the betterment of the 
community as well a s of himself. 

Hopefully students could be 
given credit for such work, thwgh 
Beckley foresaw difficulties in 
arranging that. 

To get away from the resort Itall 
concept, the dean offered the 
suggestion of creating "homes" 
(suites?), where students of 
similar interests and attitudes 
could share companionship and 
enthusiasms. 

school spirit and what has become 
of it, said that, in a community as 
large as Muir , school spirit was 
meaningless , that one could not 
feel warmth or the community' 
atmosphere with 3,200 other 
people. A school spirit would arise, 
though , through the interaction of 
the individual with a smaller, 

.. Dog sharing ice cream cone with an unidentified 
student last week during the record setting heat 
wave. 

The citizens of Mars Bluff probably aren't planning anything special to commemorate the 
day their town almost became the Hiroshima of the Pee Dee River, but with the Official 
National Lampoon Bicentennial Calendar. you can help remember this and hundreds of 
other black days in American history. Painstakingly researched to insure historical accuracy, 
the Official National Lampoon Bicentennial Calendar contains over 
600 massacres . explosions. defeats. assassinations. crashes. bomb· 
ings (intentional and accidental), panics, e)(ecutions, lynchings. 
betrayals. mishaps. riots, si nkings, mutinies. rigged elections. 
armed incursions. stonings, fish kills. mass murders. and miscar· 
riages of justice. 

While everyone else is running around making a big deal out of a 
boring battle the Briti h somehow managed to lose. you can be cele-
brating the day 147 persons. most of them young women. perished In 
America's ghastliest industrial fire . Or the day Congressman Preston 
Brooks walked on to the Senate floor and beat Senator Charles 
Sumner unconscious with a gutta ·percha cane. Or the day con· 
victed "trunk murderess" Winnie Ruth J.udd escaped from the 
Arizona State Insane Hospital for the sixth time. 

And the Official National Lampoon Bicentennial Calendar 
makes a perlect gift that will continue to depress and annoy 
someone you love throughout the whole year: The Official 
Notional Lampoon Bicentennial Calendar. with twelve breath 
laklngly lurid illustration. i on slJle in bookstores eve~here 
for only $3.95. . 

, ••••••••••••• t. I .• ~ •• \ .• \ .•.. •..•.....• • tl.'.' .......... , •••••• ••• •••••••• , .• " •••• , 

Monday, September 29, 1975 Page five 

Schorr in T01VnFrutay 
Daniel Shorr, the veteran CBS 

news reporter whom former 
President Nixon saw fit to put on 
his enemies' Ust, will speak at San 
Diego State University Friday at 8 
pm on "The CIA a nd the Invasion 
of Privacy. " 

The talk , sponsored by SDSU 's 
Associated Students , will be held in 
Peterson Gymnasium on the SDSU 
ca mpus. 

Shorr, who earned an Emmy 
Award in 1973 for a two-part series 
on Walergate, thatairedduring the 
c losing days of the 1972 
presidential campaign, has also 
worked on the Christian Seienet' 
Monitor and The New York Times. 

Shorr has covered stories all 
over the world . When he was CBS ' 
Moscow news correspondent, he 
a rranged for USSR Communist 
Pa rty head Nikita Khrushchev'S 
fi rst US television appearance on 
" Face the Nation ." He also filmed 
a n interview with Cuban premier 
Fidel Castro that revealed that the 
Soviet Union was arming Cuba. 

The correspondent has prepared 
reports on the environment, school 
financing , health care , child 
neglect and childrens ' elllotional 
disorders. 

Election Hearings Set 

An assembly sub-commiUee on 
student elections on colleges and 
high school will begin a statewide 
series of hearings on Wednesday. 

The sub-committee, headed by 
Tom Bane (Democrat-Van Nuys ) 
including Jack Fenton (D-
Montebello ) and William Thomsa 
I R Bakersfield ) was formed last 
yea r afte r the Assembly had 
received complaints by students 
throughou t the state on studen t 
elections . The committee is part of 
the Elections Re-a pportionment 
Comm ittee of the Assembly . 

Bane said that the hearings will 
be held throughout the stale on 
various college campuses so that 
lhere would be a high degree of 
participation from s tudents , 
faculty , and administrators . 

Wedn sday's hearing will be at 
San Francisco Stale a nd will 
conc lude Thursday . The next 
hearing will be at Ca l State 
Fullerton on November 3. The 
Final hearing in Southern 
Cali fornia 'will be on November 21 
atCalSta te Long Beach . 

Sproul RIP 
A memorial service for 

Robert Gordon Sproul, president 
emeritus of the University of 
California, was held ~esterday at 
UC Berkeley. Sproul, who headed 
the University for 28 years, died at 
his home in Berkeley on September 
to . He was 84. 

A memoria l service was 
arranged by the Sproul family (or 
the University. Among the 
speakers at the service were Joel 
H. Hildebrand, UC Berkeley 
professor of chemistry emeritus, 
and Justice Wakefield Taylor of 
the California District Court of 
Appeal and member of the UC 
class of 1934. . 

AJ Ac Regulation. 
Robert L. Albert, Affirmative 

Action Director at UC San Diego, 
ISSUes a reminder about the Af-
firmative Action requlrments laid 
out by the Federal government. 

As required by Title IX of the 
Education Arnendmenta IX 1974 
142CFR 116), the Unlvenlty of 
California does not dilcrim In. te on 
the basis ~f leX in .dmiaaion 10 or 

New Services in Counseling Offered 

employment in the educational 
programs and activities which it 
operates . Also , Tille VI of the Civil 
Rights Act of 1964 (PL 88-352 , HR 
7152 ) prohibits any form of 
discrimination because of race, 
color, or national origin . 

by Patricia Ladouceur 
Starf Writer 

This quarter UCSD counseling 
psychologica l ser vices is offer-
ing several new workshops and 
clinics , as well as individual 
counseling. 

Among the new workshops is a 
weight control clinic, a group for 
those with alcohol problems, social 
or sex difficulties, one for women 
over ' 21 coming back to school, a 
test anxiety group , women's 
groups and workshops oriented 
toward minorities . 

The weight control group due to 
begin Oct. 1 is headed by Dr. 
Shatus , formerly a fat 
psychologist. 

Dr. Maria Bowen will head a 
group for women 21 and over who 
have come back to school after an 

Money for SOS Program absence and feel alienated or are 
having famil y or other problems. 

Inquiries concerning Title VI or 
Title IX may be directed 'to Robert 
L. Albert, Assistant to the Chan-
cellor - Affirmative Action, 106 
Matthews Campus tQ'()52 ) or ca ll 
452-3340. Information may also be 
obta ined by contacting directly the 
Director of the Office of Civil 
Rights , Department of Health 
Education and Welfare . 

The National Science Foundation 
seeks proposals for its Student 
Originated Studies (SOS ) Program 
under which teams . of students 
initiate, plan, and direct projects 
dealing with a significant societa l 
problems . 

The SOS program provides 
support for small student groups 
each of which will apply science 
and technology to the study of a 
significant societal problem. The 
projects which usuaUy take place 
during the summer last for 10-12 
weeks and are conducted on a full -
time basis . A student stipend oCS90 
per week is paid to participants . 

The a pplication deadline for the 
program is November 10, 1975. 
Proposals from UCSD students 
must be submitted to the Office of 
Contract and Grant Ad -
ministration (301 MC ) by October 
27, t975. 

Several other groups for women 
including a n assertiveness training 
group a re al so starting. 

For people with alcohol 
problems, or with famil y or friends 
with these problems, a question 
and answer group begins Oct. 10. 

Hugh Pates will lead a group 
s ta rting Oct. 9 for those having 
difficulties interacting with others. 

Just after midterms, Oct. 16, 
there will be a test anxiety group 

Support 

TT 
Advertisers 

You can do it, too. fa r almost 1.000,000 people have done it. 
Peop le who have different jobs. dirt: rent IQs. different intereSL~, 
different educations have completed the cou rse. Our graduates a re 
people from all walks of life. These people have all ta ken a course 
developed by Evelyn Wood, a prominent educator. Practically all of 
them 9tleast lripled their reading speed with equal or better com-
prehension. Most have increased it even more. 

Think for a moment what that means. All of them- even the 
slowest- now read an average novel in less than two hours. They 
read an entire issue of Time or Newsweek in 35 minutes . They don't 
skip or skim. They read every word. They use no machines . Instead, 
they let the materialthey'rc reading determine how fast they read. 

led by Hugh Pates and Larry 
lIedges. 

The sex clinic continues for the 
Ul ird year on a drop in basis. 
Located in the building next to the 
Revelle Provost 's offi ce, the clinic 
is open every Wednesday. 

For s tudents undecided on a 
major or occupational goal , there 
will be a life-style group headed by 

Dr. Robert Kavenaugh . 
Workshops oriented toward 

minority groups include a rap 
group headed by Diane Evens , a 
s tud y s kills group and a 
consciousness raiSing group and 
are open to anyone at the 
University . 

Several women's groups , 
including an assertiveness training 
group, are also starting. 

Pruden 
Student 
Dis 1-----
1 
1 
1 
.1 
1 
1 
1 
1 

Send for you r 
Student I D.Card 
and enJOY 
special rates at 
Hilton Hotels 
and I nns coast 
to coast. (Grad s tudents 
and faculty. too.) Just mail th is coupon 
to Hilton Ho tels Fulffl lmen t Dept.. Suite 200. 
205 So. Beverly Drive. Beverl y Hills . CA 90212 . 

o 

'" Name~ ______________________________ __ 

1 Addfess"--__________________ _ 
1 City State Z,p ____ _ 
1 College Class of 19 ____ _ 

:XHllTOn HOTELS: I- _______________ .1 

It ·Sounds 
Incredibe 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ 

JAWS IN 41 MINUTES 

At Thai Speed, The 309 Pages Come Across 
With More Impact Than The Movie_ 

In Living Blood. You Might Say. 

And mark thIS well : they actua lly understand more, remember 
more , and enjoy more than when they read slowly. That's right! 
They understand more. They remember more. They enjoy more. 
You can do the same th ing- the place to learn more about it is ata 
free speed readi ng les on. 

This is the same course Presi dent Kennedy had his Joint Chiefsof 
taff take. The same one Senators and Congre men have taken. 

Come to a free Speed Readin/( Lesson and fin d out. It is free to 
you and you will leave with a better under la nding of why It works. 
Plan to a ttend a free Speed Re.ld in/( Lesson and learn that It is 
possible to read 3-4-5 times faster. WIth better comprehenSIOn. 

,,-----SCHEDULE OF FREE SPEED READING ~LESSONS-----... 
"ou'll inerease your reading speed 

50 to 100% on the s t! 
Today and Tomorrow at 4prn or 8pm 

La Jolla Mission Volley 
La Jolla Village Inn Ploza International Hotel 

Interstate 5 at La Jolla Village dr. 1515 Hotel Circle West 
'------EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS -----

• •• '.1 • 



T'S ON: 9/29-10/5 Any event in or oround the UC 
Son Dia.go community can be 
submitted for the calendar. 

• rlf .. 11 f·1 UK'S , 

There are a number of reasons not to go to Humanities this week - they follow below, in 
some detail. Additionally, we encourage you to waste your time by entering the Triton .Times 

photography contest See below. 

The material should be arranged 
as you see below' -- first dote. then 
nature of the event, thel) 0 
description of it, including the 
location. 

Submiss ions should either be 
moiled or delivered to Triton Times, 
117 Bloke Hall, Revelle College, 
UCSD, La Jolla, 92093. 

Ursday 
am - Clinic, birth cmtrol , appointment through 3 pr1\ at student health center. Servic' 

a 00 student po rtners. 
- Film. Part of AMES series. "The Laws of Disorder , Part II: Molecules in Motilli. 

2622. 

onday 
11 am Lecture. Dr. Shozo Kotani Ii the Q;aka University Dental. School on: "Immunoadjuva nt 

Related Activities Ii N-Acetylmuramyl-Peptides of Natural and Unnatural Configurations-
tionship between Chemical Structure a nd Biological Activities." Salk Library . 

Noon . OrpnizatiGllal meeting for the Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room in thegymnasium . 
Noon-Art Exhiblt_ "Crab Orchard Cemetery" by Jo Hanson : a recreation of the rlU'al Illirols 

etery. Through October 26. Cl~es 5 pm. 
2: 30 pm Meeting. Designed to JX'ovide interested persons with the opportunity to interview and 

quesUonsof the eight final candidates for the position of student Irganizations advisor and 
.... ""Nfi" . The meeti~ will take place in the student organizations conference room . (Also. 

1"~~JIIe5.Jil y and Friday atthe same time.) . . 
3 pm Meeting. For ,captains oC intramural coed noor hockey teams. Office No. 21, Recreation 
Gym. 3 pm - Meeting, Chancell!r's Advisory Committee on the Handicapped . Disabled Students 

ter next door to Revel Ie cafeteria . Allwelcorne. 
4pm'- M eetinJ(, captains ofmm 's floor hockey. OffICe 21, recreation gym . . 
4 pm -- Meeting to plan for Women 's Strike Day <october 29). Women's Center, lower Mwr 

4 pm - Meetingfor captains of intramural tennis. Recreation ~m confer~nceroom . . 
4 : ~ pm - Organizatiooal meeting for Page One. All t1~se Interest~ 10 the services of or 

l"",rtir';NI tingin Page One are invited to attend. Page one offlce.1ower mUir commons. . 
5 Clnic, B irth control. By appointment through 9pm at student health center . Service for 
6QJo~'nUj a nd student (Dr'ners. . 

5 pill - Organizational meeting for the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony of the ,gymnasium. 
S pm - Organimtiooal meetingof the Yoga Club . Recreation gym conference room . 
6 pm - Organizational meeting of the Surfing Club. Recreation gym conference room. 
6:30 pm -- Organizational meeting. Students interested in Tom Hayden 's. senate campaign 

Coop meeting in north conference room, student center , or contact Leslie Franz , 459-9468. 
6:30 pm -- Meeting. Student Cooperative. North conference.room , student center . 
7 pill -- Organizational meeting of the Aikido Club. Recreation gym conferl'nce room . 
7 pm Audition for UCSD drama graduate student's production ~f " The Laundr~ . " 4.09 MC. 
7 pm -- Gcncl'3l meeting, Aikido club. Aikido is the ar~ of mmd-body coordmalion and self-

[lef·em;e. The club offers special activities related to Aikido . Information about the art and 
ive rsity-{)ffered Aikido classes will be available. Wrestling room , north side of gym. 

7 pm -- Meeting, t able tennis club. Recreation conference room. . 
8 pm -- Class, Aikido Club. 'Bo Kata' (quarter s taff arts ) will be studied. Wresthng room . north 

of gym. . ' 
8 pm -- Organizational meeting of the Israeli Da nce Club . RecreatIOn gym conference room . 

uesday 
9 am -Clinic, birth control. By appointments through 3 a t s tudent health center . Service for 
l~lI"U~: IIL~ and student partners . 

Noon Meeting of the UCSD Staff Association . A presenta tion on the state of the university 
bc givcn. Ma ndeville Recital Ha ll . 

3-pm -- Meetingfor captai ns of intramural volleybaU teams. Recreation gym conference room. 
4 pill -- Lecture. Dr . Petcr Krammer of the Basel Institute of Immunology on 

" Immunoglobulin , Fc-receptors a nd la ·antigens on Normal and Activated T Cel ls ." Cohn 
brary. Salk Institute . 
4 ~ - Mee'ting for captains of intramural 3-Man basketball teams . Recreation gym 

ferenceroom . 
4 pm - Meeting, literature department fae ulty and staff . Revelle Formal Lounge . 
4 pm -- Water polovs, San Diego State. UCSDpool. 
4 :30 pm -- Pot-luck dimer , sponsored by Mujer. Speakers and mtertainment plamed . AU 

tudents , staff aOO instructors are invited. . 
4 :3Opm--Organizational meeting, m'en 's wrestling . PE classroom . 
5 pm --Organizational meeting of the Hnrseback Riding Club. Recreation Gyrll , Room No. 20. 
5 pm - Meeting for captains of intramural inner tube waterpolo teams . Recreation gym 

erencc roJ'lI . 
7 pm -- Audition.See above . M(Jlday. 
7 pm -- Le.-lul·e . " New Iteligions ,Hrd Old Heresies, " by Prof. Jack Lindquist , Religion in 

Com ) Motior ., UC Extension , P & L illO (.John Huber , Coordinator) . 
ESDAV 

7:30 pm -- , Tipl::re .l'r:lYl'r Sel'Vicl', niversit.y -Community Church , by the Catholic 
unity 0 , SD. . 
pill -- r1t .. ~ ting , Colk dance cl ub . Balkan dances taught by Vicki Maheu . Recreation gym 

erellcc ru \I . 
8 pm -- Orgmlzational meeting of the Scuba Club. Recreation gy m conference room . 

Wednesday 

The deadline is 5 pm the Friday 
before publication . We reserve the 
right to edit subm issians. 

, -

--Field hockey vs. Gr06Smont College . G rossmont College, EI Cajon . 
--Badmintonvs. Palomar College. Main Gymnasium ,Uam. 
- Lecture. Dr. Walter Eckhart , Associate Research Professor . the Salk Institute, on : 

Gene Functioo and Cell Growth Regulation ." Small seminar room , Salk Institute. 
:- Meeting Cor those who have rccei ved notice of instruction by OASIS tutors. The meeting 

be held in the North conference room (If the student center. 
m -- Organim tI.a I meeting of the Bicycle Club . 

pm -- Organizatlcmal meeting of the Belly Dance aub. Recreation Gym Conference 

- Meeting, F risbee freaks . Recreational conference room. 
10 am - Meeting Cor student organizations interested in learning about access to the ~''''WD rn _ Meeting, Fourth Forum. Frurth College students and staff will meet, appoint student 

Cooperative VW bus. Student organizations conference room. tives ~ college and eampus·-wide committees . 300 MC. 
Noon . Meetlngofthe Graduate Student Council. North conference room, student center. -- Organizational meeting of the Muir Outing Club. Recreation gym conference room . 

Noon , - Worship. Ecummcial Bible and Prayer Service, Revelle formal lounge. By - Class, in ancient scriptures, sponsored by Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints 
chaplains Ii Office of Religious Affairs , open toeveryone. Association. White hruseacr~sfrom Muir dorms . . 

Noon -- Clinic, weight control. For individuals at least 25 lbs. overweight. Led by Dr. pm·- Organizational meeting of the Chess Club. Lounge conference room , student center' . 
Shaevitz, 302 MC. 3Opm-MeeUng,Campus Program Boord . StudentCelterconferf!l1Ceroom . 

3 pm - Cllnie, for individuals seeking information or cOWlseling on sexual matters . 
Drs. Judith' Jlrgensen and H~h Pates. Through 4:45pm, Revelle Colllsekrsoffice. 

3 pm -- Meeting Ii the Student Cooperative Steering Committee . Student orga 
cmference rOOOl, student center. 

4 pm -- Meeting for those who have received notice of instruction by OASIS tutors. The 
will be held in the north conference room of the student center. By invitation only. 

4: 30pm -- Women's Volleyballvs . Southwestern College . Southwestern College, (bula 
5 pm --Organlmtiooal meeting of the Tennis Club. Recreation gym conference room . 
5 pm - CUnie, birth control. By appointment through 9 pm at student health center. S 

studentsand student par.tners . . 
5 pm - Organiza tiona I Meeting, women's swimming. PE classroom. 
6 pm -- Meeting, Students Active Toward Community Health (SA TCH). Student center 
6 pm -- Organiza lional meeting of the Bowling Club . Recreation gym conference room . 
6 pm Meeting of the Budget-Resource Group of the Student Cooperative. 

organizations conference room , student ccnter. 
6 pm -- Organizational meeting of the Fitness Club. Recreation Gym conference room ! 
7 pm -- Organizational mt:etingof the 'Soaring Club. HSS ~50. 
7 pm -- Organizational meetingof the Dance Ensemble. Recreation Gym Conference 
7 pm - Orientation meeting, California Public Interest and Research Group (CA 

north conference room, student center . Refreshments aM Party aftelW ards . AU welcome. 
7 pm -- Organizational meetingof the Kundalini Yoga Cloo. Adaptive room in the gym. 
7 pm - Meeting, Asian American Student Alliance (MSA). Blake Conference Room. 

interested persons are invi ted to atteOO. Refreshmmts wiU be served . 
7 ::lO pm - Seminar on Basic Christianity , University-Cbmmunity Church, by the 

Campus M inistry at UCSD. . 
7: :lO pm - Lecture. Guest appearance of Mark Schneider. sponsoced by the Young 

Alliance. North conference room , student center. 
7: 45pm - Soccervs. SDSU . San Diego State University, San Diego. 
8 pm - Organizational meeting of the American Folk Society. Recreation gym c 

room . 

Lecture. CBS news cor'respondent Daniel Schorr. San Diego State University's Peterson 
. General adntissicltl , $2. non-SDSU students, $1. 

riday 
. 05 pm --Lecture. Mr. Scott Linthicum , Pathology Dept., UCSD, on : "Transplantation and 
uno-incompatibility Reactions among Reef-building Corals ." 307 Vaughan Hall, Scripps 

of Oceanography. . 
pm .- Seminar. 011 Current Bioengineering Research at UCSD . Drs . Arnost Fronek and 

Fung. Medical school room B248. 
pm .. Women's volleyball vs . Point Lorna College. Recreation Gym, UCSD. 
-- ('areer meeting. US State department representative to talk about the foreign service. 

C, room 5. Free brochures at career planning office. 
--Organizational meeting for anyone interested in being a UCSD cheerleader for the 1975-

year . Recreation gym conference room . 
pm _. Dinner sponsored by Newman Club for UCSD Catholic Students, University 
munity Church, 9595 La Jolla Shorcs Drive. 

.- Meeting. folk dance dub. International night - a ll welcome. Recreation gym 
ce room . 

pm Fil m . " Peliverance." Admission is $1. USB 2722. 
. ('oncet·t. Graham Central Station will appear at the Sports Arena . Also performing will 
jazz group the Crusaders. 

-- Art Exhibition . Gallery 8 presents an ornamentation show. The exhibition includes 
by Gay Ann Rogers, adornments by Sylvia Cook, Eskimo graphics and soapstones. 

a, lnternational Center. (Also showing Sat. and Sun. 10a.m.-4 p .rn.) 
.- Ml'eting. URSA . 1803 Coast Blvd ., Del Mar. Officer elections -- all members welcome. 

aturday 
a~ 1 .: Walking Toul·. offered by UCSD E;xtension. " San Diego : from Mission to Metropolis 
hfornla 's Birthplace. " Visits to the Presidio and Old Town Landmarks. Through 4 :30 pm. 
at Padre Trail Inn , 4200 Taylor Street. 

-. Seminar. "Putting It All Together : " Psychology for Lovers ," one-day Extension 
with clinical "sychologist Irene Kass:orka . Until 4 :30 pm Gold Empire Rooms, 

Hotel, 2270 Hotel Circle Not·th , San Diego. 
am -. Oral Presentation, by student research assistants of the Third College Minority 
Ical Support Program. APM 2113, through 12:30 pm. The Public is invited. 
-- Organizational meeting IIf the Karate Club. Gym . 

pm -- Film " Visions. " Adm ission is $1 USB 2722. 
-- Dance. presented by thl' Intrrnalional Black Cultural Orga 

.. Dance. presented by the International Black Cultural Organization . Revelle cafeteria . 
. There will be a door prize alld a dancing contest. 

'- Party. for all graduate and n1l'dical students . Sponsored by the Graduate Student 
I. Sur~ide, at Scripps . 

Pili " Film. Sec above . 

The above photograph was taken by former Triton Times photo editor 
Malcolm Smith_ 

This space will be reserved for submissions by the campus community. 
Any photo submitted before 5 pm the Thursday before publication can be 
considered for use', 53 wi II be given for photos used . 

Sunday 
Worship Services at University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive : 
Lutheran - lOam (Rev. John Huber ) 
Catholic - 8 :30 am and 5 pm CRev . Bernie Campbell ) 
Episcopal - 12 :30 pm CRev . Joe oung ) 
7:00 pm -- Felloti'ship for students , University-Community Church lounge. 
10 al11 -- Worship . Catholic student mass . North conference room, student center . 
N()on -- TI·ip. To Sea world spon ored by the Recreation department . Tickets 

Transportation is included . Buses leavc from the Urey Hall parking lot. 
2 :30 pm - Mf't'ling. Na tiona I Association of Teachers of Singing . Mandeville east room . 
8 pm -- Concert. Fr~die Hubbard , one of the most highly respected jazz trumpet player in 

world . Admission is $3 for UCSD students and $4.50 for general admis ion . UCSD Gym . 
7 pili -- Rridge. Rev II North d ining hall. Lessons available . 



Page eight 

I Monday, September 29, 1975 Records 
t 5 Awful, But It Won't Go Away 

by Tlmoth)1 acKenzle 
StaffW Iter 

JERRY JEFF LiUDlN' HIGH: 
JERRY JEFF WALKER-Me..( 
RECORDS 

. Have you ever ad an awful, but 
catchy tune that just sticks in your 
mind and won't go away? You 
can't stop whistling it, humming it, 
or thinking about it, no matter how 
hard you try to forget about it. 

Eagles, Ronstadt, Browne 

Together Once Again 
by Anne Liebler 

Copy editcr 

"One Of These DIlYs" was the title of Saturday's concert in Balboa 
tadium where a near5e1I-out crowd sprawled under sunny skies to hear 

Jackson Browne, Lindll RonsUidt and the Eagles reunited at the top. 
U could be sa id that all three acts began together. Glenn Frey of the 

Eagles h;]s described living in a sma ll apartment in LA's Echo Park . 
tistenin g to Browne coml>a;e on the piano in the apartment below . And 
two members of the Eagles, Frey and drummer-vocalist Don Henley. 

...---

If you have , then you can 
sympathize with me . There I was, 
lying in bed, with Jerry Jeff 
Walker's " Pissin' In The Wind " 
running through my brain. This is 
music that's hard to lake seriously, 
unless you 're a C & W fanatic . If 
you're not, it will drive you nuts . 

The music in the album was 
composed by Walker , his backing 
Gonzo Ban(j , and assorted friends . 
" Pot Can't Call The Kettle Black," 
"Night Riders ' Lament" an d 
" Jaded' Lover" sound just as you 
would imagine them to. The lyrics , 
as you would expect , tend to get a 
Ii ttle corny. 

John Fogerty 
have a good time, he may have 
succeeded. I found it quite 
amusing. Walker doesn 't sing 
well , but he sure can yodel. The 
Gonzo Band plays competently, 
and seem to enjoy themselves . 

This album cannot be analyzed 
for artistic value , for it really 
hasn't any. But if all Walker 
intended was for his listener (s) to 

The highlight of the album is, of 
course, "Pissin' In The Wind," 
which Jerry Jeer composed 
himself. He even dedicated the 
song to Johnny Cash and Chris 
Kristofferson, among others . It's 
good for a few laughs. But watch' 
out, it's.infectious. 

MOTHER FOCUS: FOCUS. Atco 
Records 

"Mother Focus" may be the best 
instrumental album released since 
Jeff Beck 's " Blow By Blow." This 
is the same Focus that brought us 
" Hocus Pocus" and "Hamburger 
Conce rto ," but we don't see much 
of those influences on "Mot~er 
Focus." This is an easy listening, 
mellow work highlighted by the 
lilting guitar melodies, courtesy of 
Jan Akkerman . 

Jerry Jeff Wa Iker 
Akkerman and his guitars form, 

the core of a fine band , which 
includes Thys Van Leer on 
key board and flute , Bert Ruiter 

SHARE THE RIDE 
WITH US THIS 

'WEEKEND 
AND GET ON 

TO A GOOD THING. 
Us means Greyhound. and a lot of your fellow students 
who are already on to a good thing. You leave when you 
like . Travel comfortably . Arrive refreshed and on time. 
You'lI save money. too. over the increased air 
fares . Share the ride with us on weekends . Hol idays. 
Anytime . Go Greyhound. 

GHEYHOUND SERVICE 
TO 

I Loll Angel's 
Santa Ana 
San Bernadi 0 
Bakersfield 
Fresno 

ONE· 
WAY 
$6.51 
5.20 
7.2'9 

11.59 
16.23 

ROUND- YOU CAN 
TRIP LEAVE 

$10.37 4.00 P .M. 
9.88 5:00P.M. 

13.85 -!;·OOP .M. 
22.02 5:00 P .M. 
:10.84 5:00 P .M. 

YOU 
ARRIVE 
6 :20P.M. 
7 :00P.M. 
7 :40P.M. 

11 :50P.M. 
2:20A.M. 

Ask your agent about additional departures and return trips. 

GREYHOUND AGENT 
120 W. Bruadway 

GO GREYHOUND 
.•• and 18aV81he drIVing to us· 

on bass guitar, and David Kemper 
on drums. 

While the title track " Mother 
Focus" will probably gather the 
most air play, there are many 
other fine selections on the album. 
" Hard Vanilla" and " Focus IV" 
are showcases for everyone in the 
band. "Someone's Crying ..... 

,What" is a truly beautiful melodic 
phrase , performed so intricately 
by Akkerm an . " Father Bach" will 
remind you a lot of Steve Howe and 
Yes . 

" Mother Focus" is an album 
brimming with fine music. As a 
suggestion, why not kick back, 
light up a funny cigarette, and 
bring your world into Focus . 
You'll really enjoy it. The music , I 
mean . 

JOHN FOGERTY: JOH 
FOGEHTY Elektra-Asylum 

No longer is it Creedence 
Clearwater Revival, nor is it the 
Blue Ridge Rangers . It 's just plain 
01' John Fogerty, the country boy 
who put together a long string of 
hits throughout the late 19605 and 
early 70s. 

Not only is it the same John 
Fogerty . but it' the same music . 
The essential sound of John 
Fogerty isn ' t unlike 'that of "Green 
River" and " Willy and the Poor 
Boys." The listeners choice is 
quite easy, then. If you liked the 
successful Creedence a lbums , 
" John Fogerty" is another high 
quality album , and worth buying. 
But if you didn 't like " Bayou 
Country ," forget it - it's more of the 
same. 

Fogerty's infec tious , loud 
country -rockish voice has made 
him popular in the past. and should 
ca rry him now , in a semi-
comeback attempt . After four 
years of a relatively small amount 
of record sales, Fogerty has 
dropped all pretences and is now 
just trying to sell himself. 

The album is arranged and 
produced by Fogerty, himself, he 
wrote seven of the ten tracks, and 
plays all the instruments. The 
lyrics , as has been the case 
throughout his career, generally 
mean nothing, but are catchy and 
almost contagious. Most songs 
consist of those lyrics, some loud 
guitar and drums, and frequent 
"oh yaaa" 's and "alright" 's. 

"Rockin' All Over the World," 
"Sea Cruise," " Where the River 
Flows ," and " Almost Saturday 
Night" are the cuts that are best 
suited for AM play , which has the 
audience Fogerty usually tries to 
capture . 

lIOTLl NE: J . GEILS BAND 
Atlantic Records 

Wcll , those bad boys from Boston 
are at it again. In their latest 
a lbum " Hotline ," a largely 
uninspired work, the J . Geils Band 
continues to play the same sty le of 
rock and roll that has made them 
anything but famous . . 

It's too bad, really . The band has 
{COOdo ........ eU} 

Linda Ronstadt Jackson Browne 
played in Rcmstadt's band when s he WIIS just a country si nger from 
Tucson . 

. And here they all were in San Diego. all with recent hit a lblUll s. 
RoosUidt and the Eagles with recenty hit singles. But foc some reasoo _ 
and perhap; this was the principle drawback of the concert - none of 
them appeared 00 stage together . That wouldh ave been a rush. 

The concert was slated to begin at I pm and tlx> crowd was growing 
impatient wlien Toots and the Matyals. introduced as Jamaica's finest , 
began playing. They enterUiincd the audience for about 20 minutes. 
Every song they sang was ended with the tempo so fast that no one could 
any longer discern the wonk Still. they helped pass the time until 
,Jackson Browne appearoo . 

When he finally showed , a little after 2 pm. the crowd re ponded 
immediately and mostlept to their feE't . HE' started off with" Hock Me On 
Ihe Water ," buta s his performance continued with quieter. slower ~ongs 
the audience seemed to lose interest. It wasn't until he played "Doctor 
My Eyes ,"that the crowd once again rE'.pooded. 

Although the performance as a wholE' was good, it wa inhibited by 
twofaclors·-one associated with the sUITrundings and !he other with the 
mood oft he crowd. 

Throughrut the performance. I here wa an annoying echo caused by 
the sou nd bouncing off the b;]ck wall ci the stadium . Although this is 
always a problem, itis more obvious with snmE' artists than others . 

Unfortunately, it was quite obvious with Jackson Browne . The planE'S 
flying overheild only added to his a oustical problems and at times 
almost completely drowned him out . ThE' second factor WIIS due to the 
overall feeling of the crowd : they wE'rE' eager to continue. knowing that 
Linda Ronstadt and the P.agles were to follnw . Although they appreciated 
Jacksoll Brownc it was apparcnt that Ill' \I.I ~n · t whom they had really 
comc toscc . 

Initially , the c rowd was lmaware that thE' break between artists would 
be so long After almost an hnur . when the crowd b gan to c lap 
ilnpaticntiy . it was announced that Linda /{ollstildtwould appea r in 20 
minutes Her appearance was delayed because her portion of the concert 
was to be televised I ive back East on the Howard Cooell show . 

When she firnJly IIppeared and started Iwr sel. the crowd 's spirits 
wer e immediately restored . After she had played for about 45 minutes 
during which time her repetoire included "When Will r Be Loved." 
"Silver Threads ," "Long, Long Tillic" and " Desperato," it was 
an llounccd that the cOllcert would go 011 thc uir in 11 few minutes. 

The crowd was instructed to clap and cheer enthusiast ically when we 
heard Howard eosel l say " live from Balboa Stadium." It seemed'strange 
to have onc's enthusiaslll moniton·d . alld it scemed stranger yet when a 
commercial for aftershave lotion was played. Following,the commerdal. 
Linda Ronstadt begAn her televisecl pt'rformance in which she sang. 
"HeatWave"and "You'reNoGood. " 

Her perf(J"mance wa s excellent, nut she did not return f(J" an encore 
although the crowd tried to get her back : there wasn't enough time to set 
up the Eagles' equipment befcre thE'ir televised performance was to 
begi n . 

The Eagles warmed up with " Take It F..asy" and the crowd went wild . 
We were then instructed to quiet down <lnd get rE'ady to cheer once again 
when we heard Howard Ca;ell introduce the concert . Although the 
uudiellcc obliged the rC<jucst . Wlil'/ I Alex Karras. the comedian and 
former Lim's star who appeared (lI1 stage with the Eagles . asked lIS to 
say hello to Howflrd Cose ll, he only received booing. StranjJ!ly enough. 
when I watched the show. on TV later that evening. the booing wasn't 
heard. 

Karras appeared on stage wearing a red wig and carrying a stri~ 
bass-sized guitar . One of the gr((IP members later gave mm an average 
sized guitar to play ..... hich he broke in half in the c ourse of a sOng . 

Tilt' Eagl<.'S had b<.~n playing fur ov('r all hour wh('n the sun went down 
and it started to get cold. The stadium lights were turned 011 and a few 
people straggled out of the stadium . Fer the most part. th~lgh . the 
audience was so wrapped lip in the eX<'l'llent performance they were 
witnessing , that they probably w(\u ld have stayed despite any weather 
condItions 

Although hampered a Dt by the presence of televiSion. in all the 
concert was excellent. It wall " 0rM' of thost" dayS" that I doo't thiD! 
I\nyonew\U (~W'PPJ) .. 

4,1 ' , I , . 
... j , • • 'O, . , 

. I'.... . . .. ..... . .. . -. ... . 

Monday, September 29, 1975 

., The Eagles' Don Felder, Glenn Frey and Bearnie 
Leadon. (TT photos: Paul Jarvis) 

Music Department Opens 
Year with Three New Profs 

by Uanlel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

The UC San Diego music 
department , once referred to as a 
"small music department that is 
like none other in the world," by 
Ala n Rich of New York Magazine, 
promises to live up to i~ reputation 
during the 1975-76 season. 

The department enters the year 
with three new faculty members, 
the best known being Baroque 
harpsichordist and organist An-
thony Newman. 

Newman said he was born and 
raised in southern california. He 
likes the climate and the people so 
much that when , after leaching for 
a few years on the East coast, 
Rafael Druian, professor of music 
at UCS D, suggested that Newman 
try teaching here for a year, he 
jumped at the chance. 

Another new faculty member, 
William Brooks, comes here from 
UC Santa Cruz. Previous to that, he 
was on the faculty of the University 
of lUinois and Wesleyan Univer-
sity. Also joining the faculty is 
Bernard Rands whom "Notes" 
magazine called "one of the most 
inte resting and musically 
sophis ticated voices in British 
music." Rands was formerly a 
Fellow a tPrinceton University and 
a member of the music faculty atr 
the University of York . 

( 'oncrrt to: ve nts 

Among the Concert events, the 
entire s~trum of musical activ ity 
will be presented . For the purists, 
th e La Jolla Civic-University 
Symphony a nd Chorus, directed by 
Thomas Nee, will perform 
Mozart's "Magic Flute" and four 
major concerts with outstanding 
solo is Is , plus coffee concerts , 
ARTS-A-POPPIN, a musIc-art 
festival , a home tour and a youth 
talent contest. 

Druian, violin, and lise vm 
Alpenheim , piano, two eminent 
artists, will launch the first of a 
music scholarship concert series 
with a sonata recital November 8. 
This scholarship concert will be 
followed by one featuring harp-
Sichordist, Anthony Newman. In 
addition, several chamber millie 
ma rathons are scheduled 
throughout the year. 

Devotees of contemporary 
musical exexperlence can attend 
the ATOMIC CAFE, an evening of 
eXperimental even.. devised by 
creative students and fa cully 
members. A potpourTl 01 six 
programs of new mUlic, mullc 
theater , electro-acoultlc mUllc 
andjazzarealaoplamed. 

To satisfy tllte for vocal mUE, 
there wDl be three Sonl Cycle 
Festivals, Amertc:an mlnl~peral 
with the UCSD Opera Theater, 
directed by John "'rae, noted 
baritone. 

The GGoepel ChoIr directed by 
Cecyl LyUe II plannlnlat lealt one 

festival In the spring. The La Jolla 
Civic-University Chorus directed 
by David Chase, of Palomar 
College music faculty, is planning 
a Christmas program , and other 
vocalists intend recitals during the 
yea r . 

The season also includes per-
formance of works by UCSD 
composers and concerts featuring 
faculty artists . 

Most oHhe concerts are without 
admission charge. 

Tanana .•. 
"give away" any monies it 
holds . Tanana said the chapter 
board - which consists of-
Tanana , another YAF member 
and Tanana again, who holds 
two positions on the three· 
member board by virture e of 
his position as c hairman· 
treasurer -- voted to give the 
money to YCF, which then 
used the funds to print YCF's 
firs t newsletter , the Free 
Californian. 

The YCF newsletter was also 
involved in the allegation that 
the new organization is at-
tempting to "borrow off" of 
YAF 's name and reputation. 
Kreep says the YCF publication 
"is made up to look just like the 
YAF paper ," the Creative 
Californian. 

Tanana agrees that the two 
papers are similar, indicating 
that the former editor of the 
YCF paper, Mark Dearcorf, is 
now editing the YCF paper. 

YCF is also accused of 
adopting the same programs 
and projects as YAF, in at· 
tempts to confuse tha;e who 
follow YAF activities. 

Slim Margin 
Tanana said he and other 

former Y AF members formed 
YCF out of anger and 
frustration with ~e make up of 
the 8,OOO-member group. He 
said that earlier this year, state-

Torrey PInes ca:. 
8939 VIllI La JoIIe Drive 

chairman Lacy was appointed 
to his post by a slim margin , 
and only after his supporters 
had lobbyed for him a t the 
national co~vention . Tanana 
said all but one of California's 
county heads opposed the al)-
pointment of Lacy, and that 
these chairmen are now by and 
large members of YCF. 

Tanana also pointed to his 
achievements with UCSD Y AF, 
which include a speaker 
program and his receipt of an 
award as the most active YAF 
member in the western region 
of the US last . year. He sa id his 
qualifications and those of 
others were overlooked when 
the state organization was put 
together simply because they 
were not supporters of Lacy as 
chairman. 

Tanana added that the money 
impounded by Kreep was 
placed into YCF 's accounts 
after Tanana presented bank 

Paga'iine 
officials, who could not be 
reached for comlT,ent, with 
documents indicating UCSD 
Y AF 's right to give \he money 
to another organizaticn . 

Other a Ilegations against 
Tanana did not bear out, in-
cluding one by Nick Johnson, 
who is acting UCSD YAF 
chairman, that Tanana was 
being investigated by the US 
Postal Service for mail fraud, 
and that UCSD officials were 
conlempla ting expelling him . 

However, Bookman said the 
administration is concerned 
over Tanana 's use of Y AF funds 
for a YCF mailing in August. In 
addition , says Beckman, 
Tanana used bulk mailing for 
the material, which is not 
allowed if the mailing contains 
"partisan potitical" material. 
Bookman said the inclusion of 
fund-raising drive literature in 
the mailing made it "partisan 
political. .. 

Erratum 
In the article in Friday's issue on the GSU Rally, which 

occured Wednesday. we inaccurately statl'd that GSU members 
maintained that Gov. Brown and the Regents are involved in an 
errol·t " to starve graduate students out or the university ." 

The paragraph hould have read . "GSt members have been 
told by I niversity Administra tors that Gov. Brown and the 
Hegents are tryi ng to starve out Graduate students." 

The Tri ton Times regret this error. 



\ 
.Page ten l 

Sl~orts Notebook 
by Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

The Big One 
It's bitter rivalry time , 

folks ..... 
Gary Becker's water polo 

team and Rod Geiger's soccer 
squad are now ready for their 
battles with the leading inter-
city opponent, powerful San 
Diego State. The water poloists 
host the Aztecs in the UCSD 
pool, tomorrow afternoon at 
4:00. The soccer men will play 
in the infamous Aztec Bowl , 
Wednesday night at 7 :45. 

"San Diego State will be the 
toughest learn we race all 
year," Becker asserted. It will 
be the second outing ror the 
Tritons, who participated in the 
Loyola Tourney over the 
weekend. 

.. Water polo's 
Becker (TT 
Nathan Meyers) 

Barry 
photo: 

"it'll be a good game. We have a lot of guys back, so we have some 
experience , but wes till need a lot of work." 

It will be test number three for the occer team , who played in the USJU 
Classic over the weekend, and took a 2-J decision 'from the University of 
the Americas Wednesday . Geiger, who moved over rrom Castle Hjgh 
School to take over the soccer squad one day before the Wednesday game. 
hasa largegroupof veterans ready to battle the Aztecs .... 

A slight controversy was opened up last spring when. beca use of a lack 
of funds, all second or junior varsity teams became "unofficial." and 
would no longer operate on school funcls . Possibly in an effort to stem 
some of the screaming, Vice-Chancellor of Student Affairs Geocge 
Murphy has just round some more money. The new funds are expressly 
for those teams cut off last sp-ing , with exact money and team 
designations due soon .... . 

"We 've gota record turnout ," said Head of Intramurals. Lee Johnson. 
He was speaking about the Captains Meetings that continue today and 
tomorrow . "We 've already set ull more football learns than ever before. 
and we 're trying omething new - some all-freshman teams .. .... 

Chris Evert , Martina Navratilova , and Lesley Hunt are the top stars in 
the $50,000 Mission Vi ejo Women 's Tennis Classic, running rrom tolay 
until Sunday. It's being held in the Marguerite Recreatioo Center in 
Mission Viejo, and play will start at 10 am . run ror about seven hours . 
then begin again at 6 :00 . For all you tl'l1ni !' lovprs . that's about a oile hour 
drive ,all north .. ·. 

[Continued 00 back page] 

Monday, September 29, 1975 
Can Win, Can Lose 

Tritons Yet to Meet Team in Its Class 
by Scott Sadil 
Staff Writer 

It is difficult to make an 
accurate assessment or any 
athletic team's ability and 
potential when they compete 
against opposition that is not in 
their class. Taking part in one-
sided competition, either as the 
overwhelmer or the 
overwhelmed, usually gives 
little indication of a team 's 
capabilities . 

The only thing that the newly 
put-togethcr UC San Diego 
soccer learn found out rrom 
their two games this past 
weekend is lhatthey can easily 
beat very bad soccer teams 
and lhey need to improve 
considerably if they wish to 
dereat very good soccer teams. 

In the opening round of the 
four-school USIU Classic, the 
Tritons were "run into the 
ground" by a well-eonditioned, 
well-practiced, very good San 
Diego State team. State has 
been in school ror over a month 
and their soccer squad has been 
working together for at least 
thatlong. 

UCSD's coach, Rod Geiger, 
has had his team together for 
less than a week . The outcome 
of the ' game reflected the 
dirrerence in practice time. 
SDSU, superior both physically 
and in their ability to run 
palterned plays, routed the 
Tritons, 10-1. 

Destroyed Pt. Lorna 
In the consolation game , 

UCSD took on the role of the 
superior team and destroyed a 
rather inept Point Lorna club, 
I HJ. Doug Youngdale led the 
scoring deluge with six goals . 
«s there such a thing as a 
double " hat trick " ?) Steve 
Cardona and "Chile" Olajide 
added two apiece. 

David Youngdale (yes, 
Doug's brother ) had the other 

score. Goalie Joe Wettstein had 
to save only a handful of weak 
shots by the overmatched PL 
players to fashion his first 
shutout or the young season . 

Obviously, the Tritons looked 
good, but, as Geiger said, 

"Point Lorna is no yardstick to 
measure us by." 
So it is still dirficult to judge just 
what kind or soccer team UCSD 
has this year . In the few 
practices held to date, Geiger 

Continued on Page U 

Tritons Squash 
Barstow, 15-3,15-1 

by Paul Wagner 
starr W rite r 

In whatlooked like a full dress practice for the Trilon volleyball team, 
Barstow College was blown orf the courts 15-3 and ]5-1 by a superior 
UCSDteam. 

In the first match, Holly Stewart got the team orr to a 4-0 lead before 
burying her fifth serve into the net. A little sloppy play rollowed and 
Barstowwas behind only 4-3. 

From there, the Tritons never had a worry. After rattling off nine 
straight points , Page Bradshaw added a service ace and Eva Ljungwe 
puton the rinishing touches for the 15-3 win. 

The second game would have been a shutout had not Barstow received 
a fa vorable ca Il from the referee. Passing, ' setting and spiking with 
precision, the Tri ton women never allOWed the Barstow squad to get back 
on their feet. The Triton defense also performed well. coming up with 
several key blocks. 

.. The UCSO women's 
volleyba II squad wa s 
victorius last week as, 
above. a team member 

prepares to spike, whIle 
another right, blocks a 
Barstow shot . (TT 
photos: Paul Jarvis). 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates 

Classifieds should either be printed or typed on a 3"x S"card 
{available in Triton Times office) . They may be submitted 
anytime between 9 and noon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The following rates are for 100 spaces - if you use more 
spaces, the rate will double. (100 spaces - .~; 101 to 200 _ .~). 

Personals- $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads: students - .25t 

nonstudents - $1 
Deadlines: 5 pm Friday for Monday; S pm Monday for 

Wednesday; 5 pm Wednesday for Friday. 
Announcements: free. All announcements will run in the 

Monday calendar. Deadline for calendar: S pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections to listings in the Schedule of 

Classes for regular University courses will be charged $1.) 

\\(ANTEd 
Females SlDO' If acoopled. All . 1 .... Postng 
'or new exotic In Of greeting cards. Send info 
10 Hallma", . P:>80''''2 • • san 0 1090 C. 97109 
nO ' I ) 

Need extra cash? Paying top doll ... for you, 
US S ilvereol,. Inled belore 1965. I(on 453· 
1'12. (11 ' ll ) 

Acotd footb4 ' 1 ¥n In need 01 two I'Mles Of" 
people infer.r.te In form lno one. A21 ·fIOU 
C9 ' 29 ) 

wome""Cen r rs Idlng for auto mec'henic 
10 leoehbaslc. ulo mechan ie_ votunleer x3l7J 
'50 09ll (t ' 29) 

AI.C OA now h ir ing Order. De", 20 hrs ''''Wk . 
\10 I w~ Call1811402 (10 ' 101 

A"" "OQOlOqyor Spanish major lom ll ... weth 
the M,y 8t1 c ulture. Yucatan. Gu8temalll As ' 
P rt flme reservation aoent for TriWel 
R pNUe"ra , jv L ated In RanchO Bernardo 
a t I"! tnt I)oe fu ll day per w",",= Flf')I:Jblp with 
'f ourschool 'ch9du'· Tel -1"~ 6090 (10 3) 

Wanftd: Bed. In good condition. FUll or Queen 
.-0 .52·0512 . (9 1 29 ) 

Lodl lng tor peOpie Inlerelled In lorm lng 
c,rpoOl ln Vlst& , SAn Marcos. Escondido area. 
T.rl • t '.A-6'/8, (" 291 
La JoKI community aGtlon service tutor 
program neeCS VOlUnteers to wark v.1th 
Sponlsn .peaklng children Monday-Thursday 
atternoons. .50·25.3. (10 I 3) 

Woman', 10 _db lk. wanted : ' " OOOdSnape. 
M."lJm sll. trame (19" It> 21"), dl·OSl7. 
(9 1 291 

Room met. wanfed : Need • lillh per_ tor 
hugo COlI nlry nOUSt Rancho Santo Fe : 9'lrden . 
pOOl 1", 8cre ~; 12 miles from UCSD: own big 
"'oom ' \1')0 ' mo but worth Ifl Cilli 06·7161 , 
leavem •• saoeorc ome by 800k Co "" . (9 '1'1) 

ItOUSiNG 
She"'. rru."terbdrm prlvarebath. yard. with 3 
''''d9~ In Unlv Clry UCSO Imln Imm <'<c 

\1~5 mo ~SH790(10 11 

MaSll r bdrm , p r iv ate bath In 3 bdrm house. 
11311'" SI • O@IMor . !llghl on beacn cliff . S 175. 
Jam .2671 (9 • 29) 

Female Mu \,. student (21) needs place to live 
w ltn o1her g irls Prefer La Jolle Vi llage Apt • . 
'11608791 ( 9 1 291 

Roommate wanted Milt F . 2801 Ocean 
Frmtwelk $150 Prefer nonsmoker. R1ght on 
8each 15mln 8ruc08Iao;ln.II8 ·6562 (9 / 29) 

F Roommate wanted to Share 2 BR furn . apt . 
i n P8 Pool. Jlrfear bus. 21 or over . Neat. S112. 
Kay272-9J8D(10 1 1) 

Roommate wanted . Nice qUiet house In Pac . 
8 c h No pet! Must share room . 3'7S Kendall. 
COl 2 H-07lf1 & Inqulro (9,29) 

OM\ bedroom In Del Mar house near beac". 
US I mo 230 11th SI Terl .81·9826. Wed. 457· 
1065 . C91 29) 

For Renl: Sunny. lorge 1 bed . apl. Beeutlful 
v iewol bae ~ counlry . Blgw lndows. big cl .... ' • • 

wa~er 80 dryer . d(spo.al. 9'lrOV': 2 blks to 
beacn. 1i>th SI . Del Mar Gunlt Bldg . 190. P"-
mo &utll 755-8700 1 755·W7 .0Cl . I'I. C" 291 

.-syCh 10 bOCks 112 lor bofn nls. Also Hum 2 
rex. Very cheap. see !llc h at 2J2.Aroo. 
nO I J) 

Elton John lIeqlS SO Good _,_ on flOCI' .. 
elew'- d 112 '52 ·0345"' gl1ll. ( , J 26) 

Elton John Tic k." SO. FlOCI' I. OIav ... d. AI 
c os" sa" Ca"452 oo45or'53-31001 . C9/ 291 

n Molo Gunl ""w R.OUl" 125 Engine wend 
.hlel<t\1l7S orb •• toft.r270·n12 (10 ' 3) 
11 Honda 305 Ralbulll.ngl ... . 100 ... & run. good. 

II<"g ';00. 270 5511._ . (10 I 1) 

lIOn JOhn Concertll SO Sports .Aren. '" 
Be t1 .r PMC!!!S ari d locations 'nAn anv 
<amp" II or 210 '85' ( 9 / 29) 

H,ng glider readY 10 fly. ROQallO Iype 11 fl. 
Sf, ndanl willi a boo.nd seal . FlrslS 21StaM •. 

'I11-70~~. (9 1 29) 

Elto n John IIckelS ! 1 Reserved .eelS Sl)OI'ts 
Arena 9 ""'829Mon. Make olfer .S lSead\. Call 
0..,.'/81 ·8318. (912') 

Type_IIer 11" carrlllge UnderwOOd GoldL!n 
lOudl gOOd condlllon new ribbon S25 Pefer •• . 
ISH (',29) 

TOp of the line guitar 10 Les Paum custom 
perftclcondS.75 fender re ...... b v lllrOlu. amp 
SUS 755 ·737B (" 291 

Harp.lchordlor saIU815.00. ~·3131 ('·29) 

Set · eta an lng counter· top a rollerI110~n . 
P 'ac"c ally new. Originally SJO. seiling lorSlO. 
<1510512 ( ~ : 29) 

Used bOOks' SpaniSh 1 and • (reeding and 
grammer) AlSo some for Comp . Hillory 1 . 
Nancy at 1601511 (9-2'/) 

For salt ·TurqUOIse of .11 decrlptlonl. Also 
custlm made morder. call Fred" .$1·5611. 
(10 / 1) 

V.mah. l!IOcc Twin"" up lor dirt . New IIr. 
$100 orbeSlOfftr C.II Slew.36·!I". (91 291 

Sur1tloard . .1. H._n Gun wry good 
condt., nbesloflerca" .s3 .• , . (' " 9) 

197 3 Hond. XI. 250 Good condition 
,.2500'''' of ... A ISO. _.eo SIOO.00. 153 2137 or 
75J1M Encl""n ' / 291 

.VW lug lIow En9lne (Jrnn'" guaran'", 
0_ ftr ...... lIraq, I. elutcn $11S1. or bo. 
oil ... .,' 710. larry (10 / 3) 

• SERVICES 

Sp",d "'SS and bo belter dre ... d. Ledl .. read y 
tI wear BJ ' s re·sat. 243 N . HWy 101 Solan ' 
Beach 755-05.!11. (1013) 

SCt!. Tecn11A, 8107. Nal Sello. SCI le . a'chem. 
Llngl . E e onl8 . Econ2 • . Psydll0A . P.ych 16A 
(II ( 29 ) 

PERSONAl 
He y K .Ih C Hope to see you .t the Newman 
ClUbd lnnorFrlday W.T .S (929) 

Mienaol Werb. almosl heir It> the ,ntrd ord ... 
Cuprian I(nlghlnood. happy 8lrthday. Ihe 
Sw ampd_"er. (9129) 

/Wke worb . you will never ... elghte.., 
Ih nk of III Is when younll AS. Jac. (9 ..... 291 

Pooh. hlpy papy blhU1lldlh IIIulhd. blnuthde y. 
We love you . Piglet Beever . .nd under 1he 
.. or (""''19) 

lOST It fOUNd 
Found · a VCSO room qy dO"" at Black', 
beech Pic kupetTrlton Tim. office, 

Lo, : Brown I ... tn" wallet . Conlact Ir"" 
1<312. walle I ho. s""lm.nlaI volue keep moneY 
(9 1 29) 

,~ lngot k.y.(lO· n) .round Muir 110 lid Tllur: 
Glenn755' 0710 (tl29 ) 

Lolt I. rve br ... MY ring WCIII 10·12 K.ys In 
R .... IItPI ... If l 291 

TRAVEL 

Eu",pe-lsra.ISIUdtnItIlOlllln •• rCllnd IS. C' 11.' 5anVlconf11l1lvd L.C. Nead • stu dy aid? luy prOf IIIprved .. ~ct ... e 
no ," Mon Tt'lur. 11·00 1· 00PM RtoweUt 
tounl • ., II II SCI It . SSW Trovel 0111 e. on c ampue tnarf.,"'on"· 

• •• . • •• "'danl 10. etc. "CSD ,,...,,..,1I0Il11 
Tu .. \I11Y br'tI!In'mlnor rapl(r. blre"atlge. tf . • 'Cetllt r ~~ lI6:M. H ani ~ J p;" ~. ¥Nd. Fri 
""It. 4 0111 (10 211 ollly (10 I) 

Monday, September 29, 1975 I rllOnl1 DJ('S Page eleven 
The Only Game in Town 

A Freshman Learns the 'Great C.ollege Monopoly Game' 
by Han Anbar 
Starr Writer 

Have yoo heard of the new game 
in town? It 's called "The Great 
College Monopoly Game" and is 
put out by University Brothers , 
Inc . MacElroy, Chairmen of the 

You thankruIly pass the dice to 
the next person, who has been 
waiting a hour and a half in the 
twenty minute line. But wait! 
Your "pal" on your left points out 
'that yuu have rolled a double 
three! You get to roll aga in ! 

You shake your head in despair and roj'1 an 11. 
Free Parking! You look hopefully at the 

c~shier -- she just shakes her head. 
Board. 

You start orr with $1600 in cash 
and a durm . As a freshman to the 
game you get stuck with the Argo 
playing piece. 

To begin, you roll the dice to see 
who goes first. 

You invariably go last. 
Fina~y, your turn comes around 

and you get to roll for the first time 
in the Great College Monopoly 
game. A six ~ You slowly count the 
squares and lind that you have 
landed on Oriental Square. The 
books cost $45 for that class (why 
did they have to have color 
photos?) so that you are 110W lert 
with $1555 . . 

You pick up the dice, clench your 
list. and roll a three ... That places 
you on Communications square, 

\ There go another $33 dollars for a 
book and a telephone deposit ree . 

Everyone take their turns and 
now it's your move again. Hark ! 
You notice that if you roll a 39 you 
will get a monopoly and be able to 
start playing the "Great College 
Graduate Game!" Your "pal" on 
your r:ight tells you that you can'not 

-get anything over a 35 in one roll. 
You shake your head in despair 

and roll an eleven. Free Parking ! 
You look hoperuDy at the cashier 
and she just shakes her head. You 
have parked in an " A"lol, and yoo 

.. Scene from Shabbat service held Friday at the 
Muir Apts ., sponsored by the Jewish Student 
Union . 

·Politics ••. 
negative cam-paign . It would be indeed surprising if either campaign 
picked up any sizable support. 

While the Democrats are rJoundering in an overcrowded sea or 
candidates, Republicans are even in worst stra,its . It has been a long hot 
ummer for Gerald Ford. Boffo upon Borfo has been perpeluat~d in the 

I'ca lm of roreign a rrairs as the mystical Kissinger seemed only to impress 
himself and the President with his international wizardry. 

The virtues of pri ce controls were the subject of heated debates 
bctween Ford and the vi rtuous hardworking and thrifty Congress which 
has seen fit to give ilself a well deserved and easily granted pay increase . 
Thc result of this confrontation has been that the nalion still does not have 
an energy policy and lhe problems :llfpl1dallt to oil will continue. Ford will 
of cour e be the one who will have to answer to the American people ror 
his fail ure. 

:Traditional Loyaltil's 
Earlier this month , Ford campaigned hard ill New Hampshire ror the 

elec tion ~r Louis Wyman in the disputed Senate Election. New Hampshire 
IS a Republican slale and in the rerun of the closest election in 
congressional history ; it was expected that Wyman would defeat 
Democrat Durkin since the specter or Watergate has disappeared. 
However, Durkin campaigned against lhe poliCies of Ford and in an 
energy starved New England state, it wasn't difficult for voters to forget 
Ihci r traditional loyalties . 

The Durkin campaign a lso benefited by a mudslinging campaign that 
backlashed against the Republicans. Of course Durkin wasn't saintly in 
his campaign but he won, and in a convincing manner. 

$5 $5 
Get help on your book purchases and at the same ....... 

Get help OD your book purchase aad at the same time learn how 
to read them faster and with more comprehelllioo. Sigo up 
at the University Bookstore for the R,E.A,D.S. Rapid Read"g 
Work bop by this Friday and get a gilt cert, for live dollars to 
the store. See us at the store or call 488-91&% [eves J. 

$5 R.E.A.D.S. America's largest all-University reading program 
... . .. .. . .. ... .. ,. ... . 

$5 

don 't even have al · "S" permit, grown by 22500 percent since you 
That's a $4 fine plus S36 for a last asked for help. You roll a 
parking permit. three . You pick up the chance 

Twenty-two minutes have card. " Pay housing fee of $215." 
passed. His yourturn again , Your You are wondering why you land 
"pal" in rront of you has already on so many Chance squares when 
graduated and is building upon his you finally realize that almost 
knowledge of Mediterranean every oth;!r square is a "Chance" 
History . The next time you visit in the " Great College Monopoly 
him you will have to pay for his Game." 
tutoring help . 

By the lime you finish digging in 
your pocket it· is your tum once 
more. Your " pal" on the right has 
bought the last of the Vermont 
History books . This means you 
won 'l be able to play the "Great 
Graduate Game " unless you can 
persuade your " pal" to sell you his 
book. Fat Chance ! 

student. "Where 's the Cashier 's 
office?" " I don 't know, I'm only a 
senior ." 

Roll again ... Eleven. Sl. James' 
Place. Would you like to convert? 
Do you believe irl God ? Do you 
want everyone to hale you'? 'WClJld 
you like to contribute $100'1 sa9? 
$56 Sold ~ Por $33. It's your turn 
Again ? Yes. You oon't nave time: 
You a.-ready have to go to the 
language lab tor your test, ''''U 1 "" 
still ha ven ' t read Genesis through 
Kings as you were assigned last 
week ... RoU ! 

Four. Forgot to place dime in 
parking meter . $4 fine . That's two 
citations in a week and a half. 
Great ! 

You roll a two! Chance! Your 
hand quivers as you pick up the red 
card . Your eyes are blurred and 
your forefinger breaks out in 
swea t. You tell yourself to relax. 
It can't be that bad... Finally you 
are able to read the card . "Change 
major to Pre-med. Pay $50 for 
each "A"," it says. There go 
another $200. 

U's stin your tum , Double, 
threes! You have landed on Water 
Works. That's $274 .38 to replace 
that carpet which was ruined in 
that balloon fight the other night. 

You are wondering why you land on so many 
chance squares when you finally realize that 
almost every other square is a 'chance' 

It's still your tu rn . If y ru get 
another double you will have to 

in the IGreat College Monopoly Game.' 
visit the Provost's office. No There are those damned double 
doubles ! Just a rive ! Community threes again ! Boardwalk ! That 
Chest ! "You have been caught sounds like an interesting sport. 
sinugg~ing silver~are from You go up to the " cage" and ask to 
CafeterIa, Pay $10 ... That.'eaves check out a locker. What? You 
you $1035.62 and you haven t even d ID d? R II "1 
finished your first week in the nee an car . 0 agam . 
"Great College Monopoly Game." Double three ! You passed GO ~ 

Oh, oh. That "pal" on your left is You have surv ived your first week 
collecting $50 from every player and your parents will give you a 
for the upcoming TA demon- -200 UNICEF bonus. You have 
stration rally alcohol fund. landed on Reading Square . What 

It 's your turn again . You notice the hell ! '/!'~!? I You were going to 
that your Mediterranean History the Cashier 's , so how did you get to 
friend has already reached the the Humanities Library? Have 
Boundries of Knowledge in his you lost your way ? Quick, check 
field . His tutoring fees have the campus map ... No , ask another 

... 

Your turn . Your best friend of 
last year is majoring in surfing. 
(He 's already bought the Pacific 
square books ,) You roll a six. Oh, 
oh, landed on Boring Avenue. Lose 
one turn and then drop the class. 
Your tum again (sigh ): Rolled a 
four . Go to Provost's office. 

Read a book . What have you 
done wrong '! You 'll find out. 
What's this ? On the wall ... A 
saying ... What does it say? Pu t on 
your glasses. Squint your eyes. 
Concentra te . .. Old Mo nopoly 
Games Never Die, Thcy Just lAse 
Their Dice." 

Look us Up! 
• 



Page twelY~ 
BWJ8ing ... 
deiegregation. If system such as 
Boston's sets (lU to make the 
Proct!ll fail, it c '\ accomplish its 
goal. If system ~ as those in 
Sacramento an6 Minneapolis set 
out to make it succeed, they can 
also accomplish their goal. 
Fortunately, there are more 
systems like those of Sacramento 
and Minneapolis. So there are 
usually some black test score 
gaina, together with no loss 
(sometimes gains) in white scores. 

This is particularly true for 
schools that are predominantiy 
middle-class and attain an 
accepting, integrated 
environment. 

These black test gains are 
generally not dramatic, though 
they can be educationally crucial. 
Given the newness of the programs 
and the continuation of widespread 
racism in American society, these 
gains could not realistically be 
expected to be sweeping. 
Nonetheless, tentative evidence 
indicates that the life chances of 
blacks are significantly enhanced 
by interracial education. Blacks 
from desegregated schools have 
been found to be more likely than 
comparable blacks from 
segregated schools to complete 
high school, to attend four-year 
colleges, even to secure white-
collar employment. More time and 
research are needed to assess fully 
this promising effect of interracial 
education. 

Could not we desegregate our 
schools without busing? Not with 
the nation's pattern of residential 
segregation by race. Blacks and 
whites are residentially separated 
about twice as much as other 
ethnic groups (for example Anglos 
and Chicanos) and social classes; 
and only about one-fifth of this 
segregation can be attributed to 
economics. 

Transportation is essential to 
achieve school desegregation. II 
not buses, it must be helicopters, 
monorails or a ret~i1 to racially 
segregated public education. 
When President Ford pleads 
that "there must be a better 
way," he should tell the nation 
precisely what he regards as "a 
better way." 
Noone favors busing for busing's 

sake except, perhaps, bus 
manufacturers. To assert that 
busing is essential for biracial 
schools is not to say that we cannot 
plan more effectively to minimize 
transportation while maximizing 
desegregation. The political 
debate has restrained an inventive 
nation from tackling the problem 
in these terms. 

Three positive steps could be 
taken: 

--Systems analysis, rarely 
employed, is ideally suited to 
making desegregation plans more 
efficient, and in many 
desegregated districts could 
reduce busing by a significant 10 
percent to 20 percent. 

- Greater efforts should be made 
to end housing discrimination . 
There now appears to be less 
political opposition to residential 
desegregation than to busing. But 
there is little I~O ernmental action 
to undo the SE~ gating effects of 
four decades o( federal housing 
policy. The growth of interracial 

neighborhood~ , though too slow to 
provide a corr plt:lt: :.olution , could 
significantly reduce the amount of 
necessary bus.n; . 

-·Metropolitl approaches could 
minimize tn.n portation, deter 
"white flight, " nd avoid involving 
only working·c1ass pupils. While 
the Supreme Court blocked 
metropolitan educational suits Cor 
o troit and Richmond, Va., it 
allowed them in Louisville and 
Indianapolis . Metropolitan 
approaches do not necessitate one 
huge school district. They mean 
only that present urbau political 
boundaries not, be allowed to act as 
racial "BerUn walls," with blacka 

in the central city and whites in the 
auburba. And a metropolitan 
approach would allow almost 
every school to have a stable 
proportion of blacks and whites, 
thus allaying fears of white parents 
that the schools will become 
predominantly black. 

In short, busing for desegregation 
requires more rational planning 
and less political rhetoric. 

Records .•• 
a definite stage resence that makes 
them exciting to see in concert. On 
"Hotline" however, they do not 
fare as well. Instead, their sound 
comes off as a cross between Bach-
man-Turner Overdrive and Grand 
Funk, which really isn't that 
thrilling. 

It's di{ficult trying to determine 
the best cuts off the album, since 
most of them sound alike. Geils 
has a fine guitar solo on "Be 
Careful (What You Do)," "Orange 

. River". flows decently , highlighted 
by Geils on guitar and Magic Dick 
on harmonica. However, these 
musical interludes are the 
exception, not the rule . Peter Wolf 
really has a terrible voice, but then 
his raunchy vocals seem to suit this 
brand of music . 

The main problem with 
"Hotline" is the material, which 
sounds as stale as Ed Davis 's 
morals. Since band members Wolf 
and Justman ~omposed most of the 
works, the J . Geils Band must 
accept the responsibility for the 
poor compositions, too . Better luck 
next time, boys. 

One of the _ents wu .... Uy 
disturbed by this action. He laid, 
"'!be nap wiD ny in the Kremlin 
tonight. I hereby reaign from this 
Board of Regents 10 that I may 
devote the rest . of my life to 
organizing vigilante groups to fight 
Communism." Gov. Warren said 
to him, "Mario, you shouldn't do 
that. You shouldn't resign. H you 
disagrf'e with us, your duty is to 
'stay here and to persuade us that 
we are wrong. That's the 
democratic thing to do." I made 
an inner vow to myself, then and 
there, that in the future I would 
always vote for Warren, no matter 

. what he ran for . But shortly 
afterwards President Eisenhower 
appointed him Chief Justice of the 
Supreme Court, and he never ran 
for public office again. 

Finally, the most important 
thing about our country is 
something that seldom shows 
itself, yet is always present 
beneath the surface -- the 
revolutionary spirit within our 
people. "The Americans," de 
Toqueville said, "all have a lively 
faith in the perfectability of man. 
They all consider society as a body 
in a state of improvement. 
America is a land of wonders, in 
which everything is in constant 
motion and in which every change 
seems an improvement. No 
natural boundary is set to the 
efforts of man, and in his eyes what 
is not yet done is only what he has 
not yet attempted to do." 

Since de Toqueville's time we 
Americans have come to realize 
what has long been known to 
EUropeans and Asians: some 

ACID QUEEN: TINA TURNER. problems of human society cannot 
United Artists be solved but only ameliorated. In 

With the success of the film many cases, the more things seem 
"Tommy," it should have to change the more they remain 
surprised no one to see the the same. But in our hearts we 
individual stars attempting to take have never believed this 
advantage of their good fortune . pessimistic doctrine. 
First came Roger Daltrey with his As a ~esult we have brought 
solo work " Ride A Rock Horse." about many changes in our 
Now, we are faced with Tina national life which any sensible 
Turner and her solo effOrt "Acid man would have said were 
Queen." impossible. 

The trouble with "Acid Queen" is At this time of the Bicentennial 
that there is no disguising it from birthday of the United States, it is 
lhe get rich quick manner in which reasonable to ask whether our 
it was released. Side one starts off country has a future pS well as a 
poorly enough with the Stones' past. At the accelerated speed at 
"Under My Thumb" and continues which all events occur nowadays, 
into " Let 's Spend The Night the United States could decline to 
Together ." The "Acid Queen" cut anarchy or tyranny within a few 
is different from the one heard on short decades. In a strange way, 
the " Tommy" soundtrack , and is our situation today resembles that 
not as good. She continues with a in Europe a thousand years ago. 
nondescript version of " I Can See As the year 1000 approached the air 
For Miles" and finishes with a was filled with cries of doom and 
slow, funky version of Zeppelin's foreboding . Just so today, the 
"Whole Lotta Love." Saying that Western world is experiencing a 
Tina Turner didn't improve on the strange foreboding as the year 2000 
original versions of these rock looms .over the horizon. We no 
classics is more than a mild longer expect the second coming of 
understatement. Christ, but we are afraid of that 

She fares much better on the "rough beast, its hour come round 
second side of the album, where at last, that slouches toward 
she sings husband Ike 's Bethlehem to be born." 
compositions, excelli ng with These words of the poet 'Yeats 
"Baby - Get It On" and " Rockin ' seem grimly prophetic ; in the 
and Rollin '." Tina Turner sounds same poem he said, "The blood 
much more at home performing dimmed tide is loosed , and 
lhese numbers, especially when everywhere the ceremony of 
compared to the rehash side , l innocence is drowned. The best 
where she is most assuredly out of lack all conviction, while the worst 
her element. are full of passionate intensity." 

The album "Acid Queen" will What can you happy few , the 
probably do for Tina Turner's small band of brothers who are 
career what " Ride A Rock Horse" here today, do, in the spirit of 
did for Roger Daltrey - absolutely patriotism, about our country? 
nothing. 'What more exploitation How can you help to change 
will poor "Tommy" be subjected foreboding into hope? My advice is 
to? A solo album by Jack simple in principle but difficult to 
I'{icholson or Oliver Reed? follow in practice. As soon as you 

Revelle ... 
University of California . Those 
were the days of the McCarthy 
witch-hunts. In an attempt to 
protect the University, the Regents 
voted to require a loyalty oath of 
all faculty members. Those who 
did not aign the oath were to be 
dismissed from the University 
without further recourse . As you 
can imagine, this caused a great 
controversy, which was finally 
resolved in favor of the faculty at a 
Regents' meeting at Davis. 

can and whenever you can, lose 
yourself in a cause, something 
bigger than you are, whIch will 
allow you to forget your worries , 
fears, frustrations , temptations 
and corruptions. Some of the 
wisest words ever said were these : 
" He who loses his life shall find 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Pho",UFE 24 hn 

Free coUl1leling, study room 
and speakers 

Monday, September 29, 1975 
it.. .... He who cull btl bread upon 
the waten shall see it returned 
many-fold. " 

In our complex, dangerous and 
highly imperfect world, there are 
many causes to which you could 
give yourselves. But I would have 
you keep two precepts in mind: 
The giant size, incomparable 
wealth and enormous weight of the 
United States in world affain are 
unprecedented in the history of 
mankind. They are not a 
justification for patriotism, but in 
being truly patriotic we must 
accept these facts about our 
country. We must shape our 
thought and action in terms of 
giant responsibilities for all men 
and women everywhere. 

Munoz ••• 
assistant dean at Third for thrl't· 
years, are responsible for all non · 
academic needs of persons at 
Third Colle~e . One of ~hcir major 
lasks , said Munoz, is til idcntify 
concerns and facilitate 
communications betwecn starr . 
students and faculty at . Third. 
Assistant Dean Sail! feels. thaI 
"change is growth", and shc has 
seen many changes at Third 
College. 

Munoz summcd up the 
aspirations of the dean's office by 
saying, "I hope our input can mak!' 
it (Third College) continue 011 a 
path of excitement and growth ." 

Coached again by Ann Dei Ue, the UCSD women's field hockey team is 
aU set. Their opening game is at Grossmont , with a 3:00 starting time. 

~Tritonsfirsth<me matchis a week from tomorrow , agail1lt , yes. San 
DlegoState .. .. 

Judy Sweet returns as badminton coach , but 'now she's also Athletic 
Directoc . Her team opens up at home Tt.lrsday, hosting Palomar in a 
4:00 match. Her's will b be the last September-October squad to begin 
Ph\y .. ·· 

Volleyball ... 
. Afte~ the match , Triton coach Chuck Millenbah said " if Barstow plays 

like thIS ~o.rthe ~est of the Seaso~, itcoul~ set volleyball back 500 years." 
In pralsmg hIS own squad, Mlllenbah said they played better than he 

anticipated for thefirstgameofthe season. 

The Triton's next opponert will be Southwestern. The game, to be 
playedatSouthwestern Wednesday, will be one of the tougher matches of 
theseason, according to Millen bah . 

Erratum . 
In the last issue a the Triton Times, one of the players on the WOOlen's 

Volleyball team was listed as Terry Dugvette. The name shruld have 
been Terry DlKluette. 

The Triton Times regrets the error . 

Soccer ••• 
has only been able Lo work on 
the squad's conditioning. He 
does, however, hope to see more 
relaxed passing, "letting the 
hall do the work." in the Tritons 

~ .-

$. ••• : 

future games. Wednesday's re- ' 
match with San Diego State at 
Aztec Stadium shollld give a 
better idea of the ·team's 
progress. 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmari 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fined 
repairs 
hours mon -tn. 10.30 - 8'00 
sat. 10·6 ClOsed sundays 

ports arena blvd. 
(across from the sporls arenal 

224-2973 224·2974 

the Itcarlse 
Shampoo, Cut, & Blow 

Women $12.50 
Men $8.50 

creative hair design 
1130 0 Camino DeI 'Mar 

Del Mar 755-2562 
15% Discount with Student 10 


