
SV A Censured by Election Board 
Th principal opponents ot thf! mandatory and debate between Tanana and his accusers . The 

Campus Activity r~ and the Student Cooperative board used information from that meeting to 
hav been censured by the Coop·Tee referendum compile it findings 

Electio~ Board for violations ~f the Board's Most of the complaints center on the SVA's 
regulations regardl~g proper campaign procedures . " Wipe the grin" poster, whic.h depicted Coop ex-

The Students for Voluntary Action (SVA) were ternal affairs local coordinator Marco LiMandri an 
censured by the Board following a Tuesday meeting original m mber of the Coop's model building 
at which a,r,'~gations ?f the use of "misleadingand committee last year, as the " boss" of the 
maccurate information were upheld by the elght- Cooperative The poster also listed figures for 
m mber panel. The Board also safd SVA poster tran portation food and office expenses for the 
were. I?laced in areas in . which their use was Coop and alleged that student money was used to 
prohibited by board regulations . fund an "exclusive" spaghetti dinner for the Coop at 

In response, SVA leader Tom Tanana ays his the end of the fall quarter . 
group will file charges with the board against the 
pro-Coop forces for violations that include use of 
tudent-funded resources for campaigning. 

The board found several item concerning the 
po<;ter that violated regulations. First, the figures 
listed as Coop expenses actually represent money 
~pent by all of the student organ izations, said the 
ooard . SVA argued Tuesday that use of the figures 
was not illegal, and was necessary to "build" the 
SV A campaign . 

Yesterday Vice-chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs George Murphy, to whom Tanana appealed 
the board's findings, said the conclusions of 
ml leading information were supported by 
evidence and upheld the censure. 

"W ipe.the Grin'" 
The board held hearings Tuesday afternoon , at 

which members heard complaints against the SVA 

Second , the SVA did not print its name as the 
sponsoring organization on the poster, thereby 

Continued o n Page 4 

CPH Meets Tuesday, .Begins 
1975-76 Budget Considerations 

by John H. fa lor 
Editor·in-chief 

Thf' ampus Program Board 
(CPH) IS beginning the task of 
deciding what entertainment and 
pf'aker programs it $43,000 

budget will provid next year at 
UC . an 01 go 

The PI3 will hold an open 
nwetlng Tuesday at 7 30 pm In 
the conference room of the 
~tudent nter to attempt to 

d cide what cat gones stud nts 
want to s th mon y fund . The 
categories, li sted by Student 

ooperatlve CPB r pre ntativ 
Dave olitare, include films, 
Ie tur s, concerts -- folk, rock and 
jazz - dance and theatre, and art 
exh ibit 

.. tudenl participation IS 
e ential In thiS proces ," olitare 
aid yesterday " and we would 

appreciate a large student turnout 
at this meeting." 

Author Ehrlich Will 
Speak at UCSD Today 

by Sherilin Heise 
Staff Writer 

Paul Ehrlich, professor of 
biology at tanford University 
\0\-111 speak on "The End of Af-
fluen e" tonight at 8:00 pm in 
2250 H& . 

Ehri l h , th founder 6f Zero 
Popu lation Growth , I n -
(Qrporated, I the author of 
,everal books, In luding "The 
Popu lation Bomb" (1968). 
" Popu latIOn , R sources, En-
vironment Is ues In Human 

Marcuse-
Millet 
Sold Out 

A a reminder to tho e who 
were abl to get tickets , tonight i 
the night for "A Dialogue on 
I mini m " featuring U an 
Diego Philosophy Profe sor 
Emen tu Herbert Marcu e and 
lemlni t Kate Millet 

The dialgue begins at 8 pm In 
the Revf'1I afetena All tick t 
have hef'n ~old for the program , 
v.hl(h I~ ,pon~or('d by thp 
Vlonwn 's Center, thp RE'wllE' 
Program HOdrd tlnd the Unlver.,ltv 
Ixtplhlon 

I!OW('VN for thow .,tlll W"hJrl~ 
to '1'1' th(, pro~r,lm It (,In Ill' 
h(,MeI 0\ ('r till' publi( "ddn'.,., 
' \ .,t('m In tlw 'lId£' Door , "dld( Pilt 
II, till' (tllt't('rJ.1 (OnlllH'nt.lI\ lor 
t ill' pfOL!r ,1111 \\ II I hI' dl'li'vf'rl'd 1,\ 
I', tt \11"11 I O"\IWt'!t', ,0,lologl,t 
,I nc! \ 1.If\ \ \ ol,ho" lJlrl'(l1lf 01 
\\ 11111' 11 I'r()~r,lIn' 1m I \t('n\lon 

Ecology" (1970), " Ark /I" (1974)-
co-a uthored with Dennis Pirages, 
a sistant professor of political 
clence at UC San Diego--a nd 

"T he End of Affluence ' A 
Blueprint for your future" (1974) 

Double in 35 Years 
Ehrlich has said human beings 

hav been multiplying faster than 

Paul Ehrlich 
their food \upply ~lnce 195B He 
ha (>xplained In hi wntll1g~ that 
I arth I~ capable of delE'ntly 

'lipportln~ only '1.') billion 
p('opll', but now hd a population 
01 (10'" 10 -I billion I hrllch 
pH'dl( (>, th'lt ,11 thp prp\pnt rdtl' 
tilt' \\oild, populdtlOn \\111 
dOllbll' In \\ \I'dr' 

I hr II( h In'l,h hllm,Hl h('II1~' 
Illll,t ,top thln"lIl/..! 11"1' tron 
IJ('r'llll'l1 .111(1 ilPL!11l thlll"l11/..! 11"(' 
'11.11 ('1111'11 II1,tl'dd nl (oll\lcll'llllt.: 
1',IIth ,I IrOl1tll" 10 11(' " 
pllllltd Ilt' ,,1\, \\t' 11l1l I 100" 

( ontinllcd on P"ge .t 

once th 
categorle are t , student 
sub ommitte will b formed to 
determine what event hould b 

He added that 

ponsored by the CPB 
Prior Designations 

According to Diane Annala , 
~taffer for th board, mo t of th 
mon y comes from th oop with 
tags already on It Of the $31,000 
of Campus Activity Fee money 
funnelled through th oop, 
Annala aid $4,000 is designat d 
for films, $2,000 for noon con-
certs and coffee house, $4,500 
for gym concerts, $2,500 for 
lectures, and $2,100 for gym 
dances 

Another $16,000 of Coop 
money goes into a "performing 
arts and entertainm ent" 
designation, which Annala aid i 
a relatively op n one . In addition, 
th CPB receive $12,000 of the 
Regi tration Fee That money, 
Annala said, will likely be 
coupled with th $16,000 of 
basically untagged oop money 

Annala aid the PB had 
requ sted $13,5 from th Coop 
for tudent organizations ' 
programming and ultural 
organization . "Th y (the oop) 
pref r -- with some ju tificatlon, I 
think -- to provid~ that en-
tE'rtainment dir tly to the 
student organization " 

he aid that th CPB would be 
unable to deal WI th student ' 
r que t s for uch program, 
however. 

AWB 
Annala aid student often 

(ome to the CPB' ,tLldent c nter 
office with sugge tlon , " like 
~ome think there' lot of jail, 
and not enough ro k That' wh 
WE' , t LIP the Av rag White 
Ilclnd ,how " 

Wir ~ hedul d on Nt la t 
v.PE'kpnd Wd~ l ancell d b cau e 
tlw L!roup\ Ipad \l1l~wr clp ('Iopf'd 
throdllroLlbl1' 

"Mos t people don't r alll that 
Continued on Page 11 

Wednesday in front of the main gym was one of the sites for. t~e 
first day of balloting for the referendum on the Campus ActIVIty 
Fee and t6e Student Cooperative . Though no major problems have 
been reported at the polling places, heavy winds overturned some 
of the booths and only four booths were in place during Wed-
nesday 's balloting , Two more booths were ordered from the 
County Re~lstrar of Voters and were in place by yesterday's 
voting. Votzng continues today and Monday and Tuesday from 9to 
5pm, 

AjIriJ 2'. 197' 

Poll at Polls: Students' 
R eactions lire Mixed 

by Mark Stadler 
Community Editor 

Voting was low yesterday afternoon at the Revelle plaza. polling 
place, a people who did vote took little time In the b~th decldll)g on 
the Issues of mandatory fees and the Student Cooperative. 

The Triton Time asked several of the voters as they left the polls for 
their Impressions on the referendum All those a ked agreed that the 
Idea of th referendum to ascertain student view on the e Issues was 
good But they were concerned about the use of th result . and 
whether they would be taken Into account or merely Ignored One 
tudent charged that the questions eemed to be tailored to the In-

tere ts of certain campus power groups 
Old Enough 

On the fees question , one person was very Impressed with the anti-
Coop "Wipe th grin" and " Are you old enough to make your own 
decision?" posters . He aid he thought college students are old enouph 
to make. their own decisions on such matters . 

Another tudent, however, considered mandatory fees necessary, 
especially when n w organizations are started on campus and n ed 
support to get going . A lot of important Input would be denied with 
voluntary fee , he said . 

A majority of people conSidered the Coop question to be secondary 
to the fees . One simply said It wasn 't " that big of a deal " Another said 
that the Coop could be a viable organization given ufficient time to 
develop 

Muir Student Jumps 
From 4th Floor Window 

by Patti Wolf 
Copy Editor 

A male Muir student believed 
to be under the influence of 
hallucinogenic drugs stabbed 
him elf everal times with a knife 
and then jumped from a fourth 
floor Tioga window early 
aturday. 
The tudent, whom Muir 

administrative official requested 
not b Identifi d, uffered a 
Iractur d v rtabrae, other 
compou nd fracture and Internal 
hemorrhaging H IS In Inten Ive 
care dt nlver Ity Hospital and I 
t' P cted to ~urVIV , " po Ibly 
Without \erlou~ permanent 
damclgp," a cording to 1U1r 
I'ro\o,t lohn t~wart 

Under the Influence 
MUIr offl lal have r d~on 

b II ve, on the ba I of wntlllg 
and other Vidence, that th 
tud nt wa under the Influence 

of hallUCinogenic drugs at the 
time and had al 0 been u Ing 
them earlier In the week I t IS not 
known If he i an habitual user 
ome form of hallucinogeniC 

drug wa found In a tudy carol 
near th Window where he 
lump d 

Th motivation for th III ident 
I not known , but ulClde and 
E'\penmentatlon With drugs have 
not oe n rul d out 

P r 011 who w re with th 
IIldlvldual b fore the inCident 
~ald the~ thought the tudent wa 
In good pint arl that mornlll I 

Jlm.Becklf' , MUIr dean, noting 
that the' tudent who lump d wa 
alan <It 'hE' timE' , aid , "L aVlng 
,ompone \ .. ho look Ilk the are 
high on drug\ I~ thp wor~t thing If 
tud nt r cl~ f I 1 on 

\\ 110 l1a, a high pnNg" Ie el arly 
III thl' morning h(' might hl' 
rUllnln t.: high on ,omc-th.nc ~t' 
11('( '(1\ to hd\p 'om('on ' \t<1\ wl,!1 
h'm ( cHln~ ,lnd II,tpnlng to d 
Im'nd " ,1 lwttN altl'rnatl (' than 
I(>ttlng hlill {/(,,,I \\Ith h", problpm 
tlnnt' ' 



Paaetwo Triton Tim • • Friday, April 25, 11m 

Letters tp the EditoJ;" •• • 
A Pl~ for Universal Peace, Human SUrviVal, Liberty and Justice . 

An open lettet 10 the American 
people, John hylor, John Porter 
of the American Civil Liberties 
Union, and Supmne Court IUlti~e 
William O. DouIIaS: 

CASHIER: Yes. 
Ml; May I have 

Salems, please?" 

which great Americans like John of Independence, which were the For my strong ~onvlct lons. In 
a pack of F. Kennedy, my beloved products of the American the above-mentioned SOCIO-

President, Robert F. Kennedy, my revolution. They are the economic system . I have been 
~Iuved Senator, and Martin humanitarian princirles of : I dlsCrlm.lnated aga~nst I~ health 
luther King, my soul brother, highest respect for human life, care, In education, . In em-
were killed, my human rights and anywhere in the world; and the ployment ._ in hOUSing, in I am writing this letter to you 

for the purpose of seeking and 
having my human rights and 
liberties, and my constitutional 
rights and liberties, restored to 
me. They have been violated by 
the following:-UC San Diego, the 
UCSD police, and the San Diego 
County Jail. I am filing a laws4it 
against the above-mentioned 
defendants for these federal 
crimes : discrimination for ad-
mission to the University for 
graduate studies and research 
work of social and public 
relevance and benefit; 
discrimination in the hiring when 
I returned to my former employer 
at UCSD knowing there were, and' 
still are, positions that I com-
pletely qualify for; discrimination 
in selling cigar.ettes in the 
Revelle sundry store; police arrest 
under the false charge of 
"disturbing the peace;" com-
mitting me to a mental institution 
under the false charge of 
"disturbing the peace;" jailing me 
under false charges; destruction 
of my mental health, education, 
professional career and my 
friendships with a lot of people. 
Sum of the damages : S500,OOO. 

Substantiating facts : the 
following is the sequence of the 
terrible and unhumane events 
that took place on April 17, which 
show the crime and arrogance of 
the defendants : 

On that date, I went to the 
Revelle sundry store to purchase 
a pack of Salem cigarettes, and 
there were two young girls (one 
cashier and one working) at the 
sundry store, and the following 
conversation took place : 

ME : Good morning, cashier, dQ 
~ou accept personal checks? 

CASHIER : Yes. 
WORKING GIRL: No, I'm not 

goi ng to sell you cigarettes and 
I'm not going to accept your 
personal check . 

ME : Why not? 
WORKING GIRL: Because I do 

whatever I want to do. (In a very 
arrogant and authoritative 
manner .) 

ME : This is discrimination -
may I please speak to your 
manager to complain about your 
discrimination? 

WORKING GIRL; Yes, I'm 
going to call my manager . 

Both the working girl and I left 
the sundry store, and I walked 
with the Revelle resident dean to 
Mr . Alan Blackstock's office (at 
the Revelle provost office) to 
describe the situation and 
com"plain about the working girl's 
discriminatory act. While I was 
talking to Mr. Blackstock, sud-
denly UCSD police detective 
Manual Morales entered the 
room and ordered me to stand up 
and turn around. I begged for 
time to finish my complaint, but 
the police officer forced me to 
stand up and turn around and 
Officer Morales handcuffed me 
and took me to the police car -
which was driven by another 
police officer - to the UCSD 
police department. From there I 
was taken to the San Diego 
county jail, where I was booked 
on the totally false and un-
founded charge of "disturbing the 
peace." . . 

I have confined myself to Just 
the jailing crime committed 
against my mental he~lth, 
education professional career, 
my friend; and all humanity . 

What I have stated truthfully 
sounds incredible. But try to 
understand that in a country in 

liberties, my constitutional rights 
and liberties, are being violated 

Ibecause I be~ in the sanle 
basic human rights and liberties 
the American constitution 
provides : the basic principles of 
life, liberty, justice, equality, and 
the pursuit of happiness, national 
and international peace, and 
government of the people, by the 
people and for the people . 

My human constitutional rights 
are being violated by those who 
believe in monopoly capitalism, 
stupid militarism, and an op-
pressive police state. 

My human and constitutiona l 
rights and liberties are being highest respect for human rights 
vio lated by those Ford-Nixon- and liberty anywhere in the 
Reagan lovers who have com- world; and helping American 
mitted all kinds of crimes against people and the people of the 
all humanity ; the American world to secure a good, decent, 
people, the American con- · happy life; a system of 
stitution, and American liberal , equality : equal rights, equal 
democrats and American liberal liberties, equal opportunity in 
university students. health care, education, em-

I can prove, beyond the ployment for all, equal justice in 
shadow of a doubt, the above- implementation of the laws. All 
'mentioned facts. Is America a of these equality measures have 
nation under social liberty , been destroyed by monopoly 
justice, and equality? I believe capitalism (less than 15 percent 
America is being subverted and of the population owning more 
perverted by those Ford-Nixon- than 80 percent of the national 
Reagan lovers to a nation under wealth); a political system based 
monopoly capitalism , stupid on true democracy: a government 
militarism and an oppressive of the people, by the people and 
police system . for the general well-being of all 

The solution to America's people . Not a government of a 
present economic crisis and President appointed by another 
global military war machine and President whose usurpation of 
CIA interference into internal power was implemented through 
atfairs and conflicts of the other illegal contributions by monopoly 
nations of the world is a socio- capitalists, spying on the 
economic-political system based democratic party, and by total 
in the basic principles explicitly cov er-up , falsification, and 
expressed in the American deception of the American 
constitution and the Declaration people. 

res taurants, in publi c trans-
por tat io n sys tems,. i n .my 
associati ons, and fr iendsh ips . 
Professionally, I am a senior 
systems science and engineeri ng 
consultant, but because of a clear 
case of discrimination in em-
ployment I have been unem-
ployed for 15 months and I am 
living on a starvation level of 
existence in this country of ours, 
which is supposed to be the land 
of opportunity and the richest 
and most powerful nation in the 
world . 

My only hope rests in your 
response to my open letter to you 
as individuals and American 
people . Can you give me your 
advice in regard to seeki'ng and 
securing my human and con-
stitutional rights and liberties, 
justices and equalitities provided 
by the American constitution, the 
supreme law of America? 

Your friend in universal peace, 
liberty equality and justice for all 
humanity : 

STEVE AZAR 
UCSD CONCURRENT STUDENT 

Student Channels to CEP Not Used Students in Science 4B 
Victimized by Professor lincoln Cushing and others have commented on 

the legitimacy of student activism and the channels 
open to those interested in educational change . I 
would like to suggest another possibility that is 
probably unknown to most students : The Com-
mittee on Educational Policy (CEP). 

The CEP is the Academic Senate (faculty) 
committee concerned with educational policy at 
Uc San Diego in all forms : grades, classes, 
programs, requ irements , and academic standards . 
It has powerful jurisdiction over anything haVing to 
do with education in two ways. First , all new 
programs or regulation changes must be approved 
by it; second, it can initiate action in any area of 
concern . 

Although th is year's commi ttee is exceptionally 
fair-minded and concerned, much of the work done 
up until now has been bureaucriicti c in nature, and 
not d irectly concerned with the quality of un-
dergraduate education at UCSD. The committee is 

John H. Taylor 
Editor-In-chief 

obligated by law to listen to stuaent input. As the 
undergraduate student representative I am the only 

, student with speaking rights on the Academic 
Senate floor . 

Yet little use of these powers has occured, largely 
from the almost total lack of a coherent student 
stand on educational policy and practice at this 
university. There are many complaints in the air , 
but few real constructive alternatives: And it is 
extremely hard to initiate any real changes without 
a visible base of support. 

There are always opportunities to make changes, 
but students must begin to examine their 
educat ional environment, realize they have the 
power to change it, and come up wi th some viable 
solution s to the serious problems at hand, if they 
expect anything to happen. 

I am open to any suggestions. 

SHAWN MORGAN 

Staff writers Production 
Edward Simons James G. Soto EIi.abeth Chlm.nt Kathy CO". 

Anne Lelbl.r Oav.EI..., PlAnaging editor City aditor St • .,. Eamedlna K.r.nM.lamud 
SherlllnH.I •• Rob.rt McCall 

Cha rles Heimler P~tti Wolf Merg.r.t H.wey Sonle N.,h CII" Hi,.ch BiIIWlleon 
New, editor Copy.ditor Nanoy Hodeon 

Business Chari .. Hyde 
Craig Jack,on GI.nn Barry 

Sara J _ Lowen arkWoel Gerry Kantor Oanl.n Moor. 
CI.r.nc. King Gr.cl. YeI.,lngton E :Utorlel dir.ctor Jim Nuckol. 
J.rry Redlch An~,°fr!bI.r Mark Stadler Lat;TYDec Scott Sedll I Olnl.1 .... wl.r Mich.l. Mletue 

Community editor Aft. .dltor Jim Shipmen Sheune'tok .. 
/ M.tt Bymmone Photo&,raphy CraigUchide 

Paul Wagner Tad Sperry Patti Wolf Cherle.Eu 
Richard V.p O.nl'.PHk 

Sporta .dltor Photo editor 

KathyCoxe 
S.cre"'ry 

Last qu.arter's SCience 4B (Muir College Introductory Physics) was a 
mockery of the vaunted educational excellence of Uc. Some 300 
students were victimized , and the smooth flow of their education 
crippled, by the irresponsibility and teaching incompetance of 
Professor Keith Brueckner. Students of the course, and others, should 
know that something can and is being done to initiate a full scale 
investigation of Brueckner's performance . 

While the University has been adamant in evaluating the research 
ability of its faculty, it has not been equally forceful in insuring that 
they can fulfill their teaching responsibilities . However, it has set up 
standards and defined types of misconduct in the University Policy on 
Faculty Conduct and the Administration of Discipline [University 
Bullet in, vol.23, no.2, July 8,1974) . Among other thi ngs, this policy 
states : 

"As a teacher, the professor " .demonstrates respect for the student as 
an individual ... He makes every reasonable effort to foster hones t 
academic conduct and to assure that his evaluation of students reflects 
thei r true meri t.. . 

"Types of unacceptable conduct: (1) Failure to meet the respon-
sibilities of instruction, including : arbitrary denial of access to in-
struction ' significant failure ... to meet class, to keep office hours, or to 
hold exa~inations as scheduled; evaluation of student work by criteria 
not directly reflective of student performance .. ,, (4) Participating 
in .. " intimidation in the classroom. 

" As a member of his institution, the professor seeks above all to be 
an effective teacher and scholar ... He determines the amount and 
character of the work he does outside his institution with due regard to 
his.paramount responsibilities within it..." 

Brueckner, while teaching Science 4B, demonstrated a casual 
disregard for these policies and serio.usly violated most of them. 
A brief summary of some of his actions : 

He missed Yo of the scheduled lectures due to business trips 
to various parts of the world . 

He reqUired students who wished to ask a question to stand, 
face the class (300 students !), and state their question 
to it, without benefit of his microphone. Answers to 
these questions often constituted further public ridICule . 

He was often openly rude during his office hours, and made 
ev ry effort to discourage their use. 

No one howed up to give one of the examinations until 
15 minutes after the start of the (50 min) period. 
Brueckner was usua Ily not present during the exams, and 
h fai led to compensate by adequately preparing his 
pro tors to answer questions about the poorly worded problems. 

HiS writing remained illegible, desplt r quests to improve 
It sO hi s thoughts would be more acce Sible to tudents . 
His lectures, based on overhead projection of hiS handwritten 
notes, were ~ nerally agrf'ro to be of little use in 

Continued on PaRe 3 

Friday, April 25, 1975 Triton Times 
More Letters 

Disabled Students' Center Aids Deaf 
I n response to tlie letter in the 

April 21 issue of the Triton Times 
regarding the problems of those 
persons with disabilities other 
then ambulatory, I wou ld like to 
apologize for neglecting to . 

mention those specifically in our caused us to move much siower 
letters. It is still true that the on these matters is that for the 
needs of the heari ng impaired most part we do not have enough 
students were some of the first · knowledge of what is needed to 
topics mentioned when we were aid such students . 
r orming our committee . What has We have enlisted the aid of 

US Practices Genocide 
. . 

On Whale Population 
Genocide (as defined by Webster) is the deliberate and systematic 

destruction of a raCial, po litical or cultural group . The dwindling whale 
population is a group of fellow creatures upon which man is practicing 
genocide. 

An impotent bureaucratic tribunal is presiding over the extinction of 
the species . From behind a facade of agreements and regulatiOns, the 
tribunal pays lip service to its purpose while passively watching over a 
program of increased kills and ever smaller sizes of the victims . 

The extinction of the whale is not being brought about by the 
struggles of starving humans who are grasping at any means to 
maintain life. The species is being extincted by the actions of some of 
the most powerful and supposedly advanced countries in the world, 
Japan and Russia. 

It is being put out of existence because it represents a cheap source 
of the materials that go into such non-essentials as lipstick, coloring 
crayons and dog food. Even if substitute materials weren't readily 
available, it would be reasonable to ask whether these kinds of 
products fill any need great enough to justify the final., irreversible 
eradication of an entire species. 

politicians and businessmen from . Russia and Japan are able, 
somehow, to ma'intain a solemn e"pression while they give ex-
planations of how essential the whale is to the well-being of their 
nations. 

It boggles the mind to hear that the well-being of Soviet Russia 
(population 250,000,(00) and Japan (population 106,251,(00) is 
somehow threatened if they fail to ki l l off the humpback (population 
2000), the Sei (population 50,(00) and now, we hear, the Grey 
(population 10,(00). 

I nternationa l Whale Day (April 27) will be observed in San Diego by 
a walk along the waterfront to be followed by a rally . The events are 
planned as a non-violent protest in contrast to the bloody violence and 
se nseless destruction that is being visited on these defenseless, warm 
blooded creatures which have the misfortune to represent a trading 
com modi ty to some men . 

I n his book The Immense Joumey, Loren Eiseley said " " .. the need is 
now for a gentler, a more tolerant people than those who won for us 
against the ice, the tiger, and the bear . The hand that hefted the ax, out 
of some old blind all egiance to the past, fondles the machine gun as 
lovingly." If we replace "machine gun" with harpoon gun, Eiseley's 
words fit again . 

The walk for whales will start on Harbor Island, near the Lockheed 
fa cility, at 11 :30 am on Sunday; everyone is welcome. 

NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 

CALPIRG Lists SD -Area 
Legislators, Their Dope Positions 
Editor : 

Marijuana decriminalization? 
... You may think by now that it 
will never happen-well think 
again! . 

Senator Moscone's SB95, which 
wi ll lower the penalties for 
possession of small amounts of 
marijuana to an innocuous level, 
has now been approved by the 
State Senate, and awaits action in 
the Assembly. 

Diego legislators and determined 
the following "scorecard" of their 
positions on S895' 
Assembly 

Chacon--probably yes 
Kapiloff--yes 
Craven-no 
Wilson- yes 
Deddeh--probably yes 

Senate (as voted on March 
20,1975) 

Stull-no 
Schrade-no 
Mills-yes 

Please call or write your 
legislator and let him/her know 
how you feel about marijuana 
decriminalization . DO IT! 

STEVE BRAULT 

. Kathy Newman, who has ex-
perience in working with the 
deaf, to keep us in contact with 
tudents with hearing difficulties. 

She has provided us with an 
outline for a full scale program 
for the deaf . 

What we are lacking in this 
effort is the direct participation of 
students wi th these types of 
disabilities in the work of our 
committee to make UC San Diego 
fully accessible for all disabilities. 
I had hoped that people would 
take us at our word when we 
appealed for anyone with any 
form of disability, no matter how 
slight or non-visible, as well as 
any interested person without 
disabilities, to join our com-
mittee. We have concentrated on 
the ambu la tory d isabil ities 
because of the greater visibility of 
those persons, their more obvious 
needs and their more active 
involvement. We are not able to 
contact students with disabilities 
because there is no available iist 
of such students . Therefore we 
have to rely on word of mouth 
and the willingness of those 
persons to come forth and help . 

We have talked with ad-
ministration officers who are in 
the process of examining the 
installment of aids to hearing in 
lecture rooms, for the hearing-
impaired. We have given Kathy 
our unconditional support to 
speak with our authority as an 
advisory committee to the 
Chancellor. She has our backing 
in instructing professors to face 
the class at all times, to speak 
clearly, to write legibly and to 
vocalize any graphs made in the 
lecture. We do have the ear of the 
Chancellor in these matters . 

If you would like to see the 
program outlined by Kathy, 
please call us at X 4541, or call 
Ernie Mort's office, X 3490 and we 
will get you the information . We 
invite anyone to attend our 
meetings Thursdays at 11 am at 
our office on Revelle . Since our 
knowledge of the needs of the 
individual disabilities is limited 
and the needs are best known by 
those experiencing them , we 
need participation from 
everyone. The office is not a 
wheelchair center but is a 
disabled student center, an office 
for anyone with any disability . If 
you want a key to the office, 
contact one of the members of 
the committee or just ask Revelle 
Dean Ernie Mort for one . If yOu 
don ' t want to attend our 
meetings, at least drop us a note 
on what your nf:eds and concerns 
are . We will respond . 

MICHAEL McMANAMON 

Since the Assembly is general ly 
considered to be slightly more 
liberal than the Senate, and 
because Governor Brown has 
already said he favors marijuana 
penalites similar to those en-
forced in Oregon, the chance of 
this bill becoming law seems very 
gOod. 

Remember all the hours you 
spent debating Proposition 19 a 
couple of years ago? Remember 
the "Yes on 19" tee-shirts and 
bumper stickers? Well now is the 
time to get off our duffs and let 
Our position be felt in 
Sacramento. Let's not allow all of 
Our past energy to be wasted . 

Science 4B e •• 

CALPI RG has polled the San 

Th. Triton Tlm H I. off icially 
r.eognl.ed .. a etudent _ 
by the Communlcetlone .... rd of 
UCID. Publlcetlon Ie on Mondaya, 
W.d .... deya • • nd Frldeya durl ... the 
r.gula, echool YMr tno .. t on official 
holldlvel. Ed ltor lll Ind b Ullneee 
affle ... re 1_," In 1" .Ie". Hell 
On the Rev .... Col .... 011"'_. 

L.tt... to the Editor .nd opinIOn 
colum,.. .re welcomed. All ...... 
mleelone Ihoulcl be trIIe4I on I .. 
.... e.IIMon_C ................ 
They ehOUId _ uOMd ""- __ 
In I .... th. The Triton n __ 
the rllm to edit ... brnleel_ ........ 
of e.,.e. 1I",ltat lone or e",1e 
requlrem_ 

For editOriloI. cen .a..a.s: for 
bu"_.ndecho~, ul.a-,.. 

Continued from Pal e 2 
learning the material or preparing for the exams. 

His eKams were high ly questionable measures of the students' 
ahi l ity, and his fi nal grades show l ittle evidence of 
being reflective of any serious attempt to evaluate 
the true merit of the students . 

Each of these jtems can be expanded in considerable de.tail, and 
several more added . The comments on the CAPE cards for the course 
substantiate many of them explicitly. It is without question that it is 
the right and duty of the students to demand that Brueckner's ability 
and desire to fulfill the teaching function of a UC professor be 
thoroughly reviewed. 

A petition requesting such an investigation has been prepared and is 
being circulated among the students in the class . It is also available 
outside of Room 6349, Applied Physics & Mathematics Building (2A), 
along with a detailed list of the complaints against Brueckner . Anyone 
who feels strongly about this issue is invited to sign the petition . This, 
coupled with vociferous complaints to the Provost, is one of the few 
ways that students can effectively participate in assuring the quality 
education for which they, and the taxpayers of California, are paying. 

I should note that I have come to these conclusions about Science 
46 as an external observer, after careful personal investigation. I have 
had no previous contact with Brueckner, nor was I directly involved 
with the cour e . However, I base my analysis on ix years of intensive" 
education In physics and seven quarters of experience as a tf'aching 
assistant in the Science 4 ~uence. I think that this is a serious and 
substantive issue, representative of many similar situations detrimental 

Continued on P. 11 

Page three 

"Fastest Growing" 

Administration Tries to 
Destroy Comm Program 

by Tim Broderick and 
Michael Doyle 

Certain administrative factions 
at this University seem to be 
inte,gt on destroying the 
Communications program as it 
is presently constituted . The 
subjectivenes s of the ad-
mini stration 's decision s are 
leading to the demise of one of 
the fastest growing programs or 
departments at the University, 
while the reasons ci ted and 
methods used to destroy the 
program's attempts to elevate 
itself to departmental status are 
blatant examples of Ad -
mini strative oppress ion . The 
fact that "an eminent ad-
minis trator" can say that "Herb 
Schiller got pissed on (by UCSD 
faculty) , now he's drowning in it 
(TT, April 7) only verifies what 
the program is up against. 

We feel that such a 
derogatory statement about the 

only Communications professor 
wi th tenure (indeed , the only 
non-science professor in all of 
Third College) is slanderous 
against Commun ications, Third 
College , and Dr . Schil ler 
himself, whose international 
reputation as a progressive 
scholar is unquestionable. The 
administrator should be i -
dentified to the student body 
immediately . We further 
demand that if this person is 
connected with any aspect of 
the administrat ive bodies 
di rectly involved with the 
governi ng of the Com -
munications program that he, or 
she, be removed from that 
capacity. The Communications 
program should not be in the 
hands' of the speaker of such a 
biased and i rresponsible 
statement. 

This, however, is not the only 
case of bias against which the 
Communications program must 
struggle . Vice-chancellor for 
academic affairs Saltman has 
also indicated a strong bias 
against the Communications 
program because of its political 
leanings. He told Caye Tuch-
man, in her interview for 
Communications' program co-
ordinator, that though his son 
was interested in Com-
~unications he would not want 
him to come to UCSD. How 
equitable is it for a man of these 
sentiments to have such a 
crucial role in the attempts to 
establish a Communications 
department? 

The argument u ed against 
the further developm nt of the 
Communications program eem 
only to hold as much water a 
those who voice them . The four 
mo t common, and most 
significant , one are that 
Communications is an un-
defined discipline, there is a 
lack of leadership, a lack of 
money, and a lack of faculty . 

The argument that It is an 
undefined di cipllne eem 
rath r pr po t rou In that 
many college and univ mties 
throughout the world have 
Communications departments 

and/ or graduate studies 
program s. These institutions 
include Stanford Un ivers i ty , 
Boston Universi ty , Un iversity of 
Illinois, University of Saskat-
chewan , University of 
Wisconsi n, Cornell University, 
Imperial College, london, as 
well as otherli . I ndeed, if one 
thinks about i t, almost all 
aspects of our daily lives are 
d irec tly rel ated to Com-
munications. It IS a broad field, 
just as are physics, english, and 
art, but to call it undefined is 
only to be ignorant of its 
universal and defini te impact 
upon everyone in the world , 
even eminent adm ini strators. 

The f ac t that Com-
munications has no leadership is 
directly applicable to the fact 
that there is no Com-
mun ic ation s fa c ulty 
representation on the Advisory 
Committee running the 
Communications program . Also 

the posi tion of Commun ications 
program coordinator is only 
token in that i t receives no 
support f rom the academic 
comm uni ty . In the past, 
Co mm u n ica t ion s' f aculty 
members who have held 'the 
position have onl y been met by 
f rustration in their attempts to 
further i mp rove the Com-
municati ons program . 

The reasoning that there is no 
money may well be true, but 
thi s is due only to Com-
m ications being considered a 
low pr iority program . The facts 
are that Communications , with 
over 125 majors and an im-
pressive quarterly increase, 
receives substantially less 
funding than many much 
smaller departments. It seems 
that the University will very 
willingly and heavily fund those 
departments which contribute 
to our advancing technology 
but neglects those which are 
critical or in which no im-
mediate gai n can be seen 
through their bl inded cap ital ist 
eyes. 

Finally we come to the fact 
that Communications does not 
have enough facu Ity ; any 
Communications' major or this 
spring's class schedule can 
verify this . The question is why, 
and we must go beyond the 
obvious aforementioned 
problem of money. Com-
munications hares FTEs with 
various departments , and it is 
those departments who have 
control over the FTE. Yet 
sometimes this is even super-
ceded by the administration 
Saltman, in a memo to the Third 
C oll ege Communi cation 
Course Croup, cancelled Dr. 
Will Wright' FTE until further 
ac tion by the Advi ory Com-
m i ttee. 

The Aci v isory Committee 
never p ifi ally re iewed 
WII~hl ~ t' I t . U dUOIU ~ enner­
Lopez' FTE ha b en tak n over 
by Visual rt . B ryl Bellman i 
an rTE With ociology. John 
W aterhou only taches 

omposition course , and this 
leave Communications With 

Continued on Pale' 



Tryouts for the Julian Little 
League begin t is week, .said the 
current issue of the Julian 
Epitaph, "read by the nicest 
people." And there are a number 
of new and passably' affluent 
residences above the main street, 
and enough children and' 
teenagers around so one feels 
Julian will not die, 

Of course, the corner grocery 
store folded about six months ago by Johll H, rllylor 
- according to a sign posted last 
winter, at my first visit, the 
former proprietor was a widower who had been unable to bear up to 
the personal and financial pressures that beset him, But the fresh fruit 
and apple cider stores that line all roads to the town flourish , There is a 
brand new Arco station across from the closed grocery store, and a 
Bank of America, a sure sign of stability, down the street. 

Julian remains lively and quaint. The curators of the Julian Museum 
maintain their repository of lore proudly, with a spiral notebook guest 
register at the entrance, and a stock of julian-type artifacts like old 
crystal and pump organs, most of which are for sale, of course , Up the 
street from the museum, past the row of eight shiny Hondas and the 
eight brisk-looking Honda riders munching on cream cheese sand-
wiches is an old, red, wood church that is now the Julian library . It was 
closed when we visited last weekend, but a modest estimate of the 
number of volumes would be at least five hundred, and we presume 
the librarian is the wife of the manager of the julian Hotel. 

It appears that juliah keeps to itself iust enough to retain both its 
flavor and its solvency, People do not seem to move out at any great 
rate, and others move in often enough. It is close enough to San Diego 
so that a lawyer working downtown could live there, but far enough 
away so whatever there is one could find unattractive about Southern 
California is lost somewhere on the winding road up. And when you 
visit julian and taste the atmosphere and the nippy air and the hot, 
good coffee in the Julian Cafe and forget EI Cajon, the beach and 
KCBQ, it is possible to think there can be something better than San 
Diego. 

Julian reminds me most of all of jerome, Arizona, chiefly for the 
contrasts. For all the similarities - the Jerome Museum and Jerome 
Hotel and Jerome library - it is clear that while Julian is vital and will 
likely remain so, jerome is assuredly dead . The few teenagers there are 
in Jerome look bored, and it is clear that the town's only hold on the 
present is that it t ontinues to have been, once, the largest source of 
copper in the state, and was, once, close to the frontier capital of 
Arizona at Prescott. There is the sense in jerome that the pride in 
history is mortal. The old men and women will die, and the only people 
who come there to live now are young artisans - potters and leather-
workers - who fi nd refuge and quiet, and restaurant owners who find a 
gimmick in serving good food in the only " living" ghost town in the 
state, And, finally, in Jerome the tourist is first. 

Not, apparently, in Julian. There is an historical plaque on the 
outside wall of the Julian Hotel, but when you get close enough to read 
it you also see a sign reading " hotel porch for hotel guests on Iy." I none 
of the cafes, where the food is too bad to be bait, there are signs like "If 
you want to use our cups for cigarette butts, we'll put your coffee on 
the ash tray." (There is a certain appeal, but not a predictable one.) 
When we entered the cafe, the waitress watched us suspicously, We 
watched her suspicously, We ordered the special - "spaghetti and chile 
with cheese." She loosened' up toward the end of our meal and ap-
proached us with a reconciliatory offer of peach cobbler, but we 
refused, left, and rolled out of town past the Julian Museum and 
Library, past the store where they sell the "best cider in Julian ," 

We came to the town ina big ha lf circle, 'lnd we returned to San 
Diego down a diHerent road, On the way up, we had gone through 
Cuyamaca State Park and had seen the campers and the patches of 
snow that still held onto the ground in April, but on our return, there 
was no snow and San Diego seemed to come back to us more quickly 
than we had expected, 

SIO Prof Munk Will 
Receive Honor in Norway 

Norwegian King Olaf V will 
attend ceremonies today, in 
Bergen, Norway, during which 
the honorary doctor of 
philosophy degree will be 
conferred by the University 
of Bergen upon a renowned UC 
San Diego expert on ocean tides 
and waves. 

He is Walter H. Munk, 
professor of geophysics a~ Scripps 
Institu tion 01 Oceanography, and 
associate di ettor of the La Jolla 
Laboratory of UC's Institute of 
Geophysic .. and Planetary 
Physics. 

The Norv/egian king also will 
attend a po., t-~eremcr.y di'1f'Pr at 
the Haakonshallen, or Hall of 
King Haako " which dates back to 
1261 AD . 

The honr>rl.ry doctorate cites 
Munk's "worldwide recognition 
for his cortribution to physical 
oceanography." 

During his stay in Bergen, 
Munk will present two University 
Guest Lectures on subjects of his 
choice . 

Official Notification 
Official notification of the 

University of Bergen's Senate 
decision to award the degree 
reached Munk from Vice-
Chancellor Arne - johan 

Henrichsen and Asst. Adm. Dir. 
Magne Lerheim . 

Earlier, Munk had been alerted 
to the Senate's action in a letter 
from Herman G, Gade of the 
University's Geophysical In-
stitute, who added, "We feel you 
are an extension of H . U. Sver-
drup, and that you in this way 
have ties back to the old Bergen 
group at the Geophysica l In-
stitu te." 

A noted explorer and 
oceanographer, Sverdrup served 
as the third director of Scripps 
Institution from 1936 to 1948, 

C"rlp ~aid the degrees will be 
awarded at an official meeting, to 
be followed by the dinner, " At 
both occasions, the Norwegian 
King Olav V will be present," he 
added. 

The degree ceremonies will 
occur on the occasion of the 
150th anniversary of Bergen 
Museum/University of Bergen. 

The honor marks the seventh 
major citation received by Munk 
since 1965 for his overall con-
tributions to oceanography and 
studies of the variations of ' the 
earth's rotation, 

Triton Times Friday, April25,l975 

Election Board • • . 
Continued from Pale 1 

vIolating a board statute. Tanana admitted to this In addition, Murphy said SVA should cease 
violation . In addition, the board said the posters improper campaign tactics. He also directed the 
were placed in inappropriate places, such as board to issue a public statement correcting any 
restrooms and on glass windows , misrepresentations in theSVA's material. 

Finally, the board ruled that the use of liMandri 's Tanana said he would not step down because of 
picture, and the reference to.his as the "boss" pf the the censure. He says the SVA has two American 
Coop, constituted an "ethnic slur" and a threat to Civil liberties Union lawyers and four state 
liMandri's welfare, both violations of the Code of legislatures working for it. He said his group 
Procedures governing student organizations, under believes the "administration is sticking its fingers 
which the referendum is being conducted, into student affairs, directing it toward its own 

Remove Posters benefit," 
According to a letter to the election board from Tanana said the SVA planned to present its 

Murphy, released to the Triton Times yesterday, the allegations to the Election Board last night for 
SVA will be asked to remove all of the posters that consideration. His claims include charges that pro-
remain posted on campus . According to Student Coop forces have used university envelopes, ditto 
Center Director Mark Bookman, if the SVA refuses, machines and postage meters for campaigning, 
it will be charged for the cost of having the posters which would constitute a violation under the 
removed , board's regulations . 

Ehrlich . .. 
Continued from Pale 1 

upon it as a space ship with 
limited cargo capacity. 

In his research, Ehrlich has 
worked on a wide array of 

Harvard Prof 
Yosef Hayim 
Speaks Today 

Yosef Hayim, professor of 
Judaic studies at Harvard 
University will give the keynote 
address of the Second Annual 
Sephardic Symposium today at 4 
pm in the Mandeville Center. 

The symposium is entitled " The 
Rediscovery of the Hispano-
Judaic Past," and will include a 
sc holarly debate on the Spanish-
speaking Jewish communities 
from the Balkans to the New 
World . 

The symposium began this 
morning at the International 
Center at 10 am and will continue 
through Friday and Saturday 
during the day. It will end Sunday 
at 12:30 pm . 

Sponsored by the UCSD Project 
in Iberian and Latin American 
Studies (C ILAS), the conference 
will bring together scholars from 
the United States and Israel. 

At UCSD from 64 to 68 
Hayim will speak on "Spanish 

Jewry and the Royal All iance." 
The symposi um will pay homage 
to Don Americo Castro, the noted 
Spanish humanist-historian , 
Castro, who died in 1972, taught 
at UC San Diego from 1964 to 
1968. 

All sessions and the main 
address are free and open to the 
public , 

Don't Think Abortion 
Alternatives are Available 

S.D. PRO UFE LEAGUE 
583.5433 

Also free speakers 
and study room 

PlUS J NEW STORIES 
PiCiflc Beach 

lIoxv ,...,. 
...... ,m, ......... 

Encinitas 
la P.lome ,...,. 
7:» ...... ,m, ..... JD..aI7 

eHects of human population 
crowding , 

The Ehrlich program is 
sponsored by the Third College 
Science and Technology 
Program . I t is free and open to the 
public. 

problems ranging from ecological 
and evolutionary interactions of 
plants to .experim~nts on the 

by Michele Mietus 

The Disabled Students Center, next to the Revelle cafeteria, is 
establishing itself as a permanent campus organization in order to 
meet what looks to be a permanent need, UC San Diego has a sizable 
disabled population which is expected to double next year . 

The Center's priorities are of a practical nature: parking, genera l 
campus accessability, auditory and visual aids, recruiting and housing 
for disabled students . Students have met with Charles Powers, head of 
UCSD's architectural engineers, to discuss campus facilities and 
barriers . As a result of this kind of eHort, the new Third College dorms 
and Mesa Apartments will be five percent wheel chair-accessable. 

A good deal of visible progress has already been made, and there is 
more in campus blueprints. Perhaps the most important progress, 
however, is a growing campus awareness of the disabled student's 
situation , Once that is accomplished, it becomes possible to act, which 
is precisely what the center is trying to do, But their transition from 

The Revelle Reporter 
awareness to manpower does lack an essential ingredient - namely, 
people wi lIing to get involved. 

Anyone interested in working with the Disabled Students Cen~er can 
contact Revelle dean Ernie Mort's office, or stop by the Disabled 
Student Center adjacent to the Revelle Cafeteria Thursdays at 11 am 
for weekly meetings . 

Revelle Curriculum 
Meetings of students and faculty exploring the Revelle curriculum 

are underway. The committee welcomes student input, be it through 
the questionnaires available in the Commuter Center, or through at-
tendance of meetings in the Informal Lounge, For further information, 
stop by the Cummuter Center, next to the Blake TV lounge. 

Summer Orienlalion 
Plannmg for summer orientation activities has begun , There are 

many ways to get involved, including several positions for orientation 
leaders, which are now posted in the student employment office. 

.SI VP .& .TO •• 
Spring Ski So.le 

All new clothing and skiis 
at rock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENUE 
4~4-1410 

... .-.. ."..~4110' iO~'" ~4110' iO~~ 

ru.C!cSr:D C!a.mpu..s. g\of}'ta.m !Boa.<td Puunll 

EL TEATRO (;AMPESINO 
one performance al a pm 

"La C.upa de Los Rasquachil" 
MAY 3 MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

noels available at Student Center 10. Office 
UCSD Student: S2 and Sl 

General Admillion: 13.00" 14.00 

452-4559 or 452-4090 

Friday, April 25, 1975 Triton Tim •• 

Marvel at Mandeville: It was Great 
, -

by Mark Stadler 
C_mu"",, Editor 

Caplain Malllel 

The. steel.y-eyed man garbed in red tiihts With a 
blue lightning bolt on his chest and a short gold 
cape draped over his right shoulder strode toward 
the thug, who desperately emptied his shaking 
revolver at the advancing figure . Captain Marvel 
glanced down at his chest, saw bullet holes in his 
outfit but no blood, and continued on toward the 
felon with a grim smile set on his features , 

It was terrible what Captain Marvel did to that 
baddie in the ninth reel of " The Adventures of 
Captain Marvel" last Saturday at the Mandeville 
Center. But then, no one ever told the Big Red 
Cheese, as he is aHectionately known in comic 
books, about cri minal rehabilitation . 

The plot of "Adventures" was fairly Simple: 
severa l adventurer,s removed ,a golden scorpion 
statue from an anCient tomb, appropriately located 
In the Valley of Tombs, which included glass lenses 
that when held together turn things to gold. The 
adventurers wisely, or not, divided the several 
lenses. be.tween themselves and returned to the city . 

A villain known as the Scorpion, who of course 
remained unidentified until the last reel, killed all 
but three of the adventurers to get their lenses. In 
perfect symmetry the last episodes are in the Valley 
of Tombs, where Captain Marvel saves the day, the 
golden-haired girl is spared from horrible death 
which instead is visited upon the Scorpion. ' 

"The Adventures of Captain Marvel", made in 
1941, has been ca lled one of the best adventure 
serials ever made. In fact it recently received a 
special award from the Motion Picture Hall of 
Fame, which specially mentioned the film's stunts 
and special effects . 

Some of the stunts and special effects were 
excellent. A scattered use of slow motion in action 
scenes, especially when Cap descended from flight, 
was effective, Several stunts, such as Cap climbing 
down the side of a speeding truck ana two villains 
leaping from the truck to a moving car, were also 
well done, 

Yet, while watching the first reel of the ab-
breviated seven, chapter version of the 12 chapter 
sen.al, several cliches came to mind, like uni nspired 
acting and insipid writing . Of course, the cir-
cumstances, mainly the very limited filming time 
explain these difficulties but it still marred th~ 
viewing pleasure, e pecially for someone already 
half asleep. 

The audience, which half-filled the audltonum 
wa primarily young childre n, and so it might hav~ 
been expected that there would be lusty cheering 
for Captain Marvel and bOOing for the Scorpion . 
But there wasn't; to the contrary, the only inspired 
applause ca me when Captain Marvel was losing 
fights, which was highly disillusioning to this old 
time superhero lover, 

Yet it didn't matter: the Big Red Cheese was 
magnificent. He'd fly through a raging thunder 
storm and not even mess his hair, He'd fight off a 
troop of horse soldiers and not even wrinkle his 
uniform , He'd dive into a lake and not even get wet. 

He was great. 

Page five 

SImU '1776' Lacks 
Com,mitment, Grapes, Guts 

by Larry Deckel 
Arta Editor 

I've al~ays had a soft spot in my heart for the musical " 1776," I 
suppose It stems back to my childhood when a bitchy school playmate 
of ~ine who. I was quite fond of (a fact I often demonstrated by kicking 
her In the shinS) Informed me that her father was writing a musical. 

Anyway, this whole musical business was some sort of a secret and 
Valerie h~d blown it by. telling us kids that her father was writing it. It 
took conSiderable goading and kicking in the shins to get her to tell us 
what the musical would be about , 

"Valerie, if your father is writing a musical, then how come you don't 
know what it's about? I bet you're making the whole thing up." 

It doesn't take much of a joke to become 
a big one in a town like Lake Hiawatha, 
New JeTSey. 

" I am not, " said sweet Val. "'He is writing d musical, and it's going to 
be about the signing of the Declaration of Independence." • 

Well , that about did it. The whole idea seemed incredibly ridiculous, 
and Sherman Edwards ' historical musical became one of the big jokes 
of the town (it does:1't take much of a joke to become a big one in a 
town like Lake Hiawatha, New Jersey), and that was about the end of it. 

Until Valerie Edward's father's play, which was called "1776," won 
the Tony Award for best musical a few years later, 

Anyway, as I thought of shins gone by, I heard that San Diego State 
University was going to be dOing a production of the play (which I 
since have become quite fond of) and I decided I would really like to 
go down and ee it. 

With the bicentennial approaching and all, it's no surprise that this 
play is being produced , I expect that by next summer, summer stock 
companies across the states wili be trying to raise a cast of 25 singing 
men and two bit part woman to produce this romantic slice of 
American history It I inescapably a warm, funny, comic diversion Into 
America 's past when done well. 

Unfortunately, that was not the case at hand With San Diego State's 
production . They suffered from a trong lack of voices, a shallow sense 
of characterization, and a mediocre commitment to the fun that can 
be had with the piece. 

The problem seems to be primanly an acting one. Peter Stone's book 
for the show (written from Sherman Edward's original conception, 
music; and lyrics) allows an incredible amount of variety, character, 
and personality for the various members of the continental congress . 
Unfortunately, however, the actors at State don't seem particularly 
inclined to take advantage of this fact. 

Garre,th Broom's portrayal of Benjamin Franklin, for example, was a 
Continued on Page 9 

IT Poll 
by Jim Shipman 

The Me: A Display of Vagueness 
majority of the answers, fit neatly into my "vague 
response" category. About a quarter of the people 
offered good definitions, while the remaining 5% 
just didn' t know , 

St.ffW,it .. 
I t should come as no surprise that most people 

on campus are still a little vague about the func-
tion of the Mandeville Center. As a matter of fact, 
~ome peopl(> aren't even sure where it is. We 
decided to probe a little deeper into the public 
clttitude towards the "concrete cell-b lock"(as one 
observant student noted); consequently, I have 
been busy the past - few weeks chasi ng down 
responses and making a nui ance of my elf for the 
Triton Times Informal Survey on the Mandeville 
Center. 

I talked to a little more than 100 people, broken 
down Into six categories-which proved to be 
unnecessary. There was a category for each of the 
fou r colleges, one for grad students and faculty, 
an~ one for non-UCSD and sta ff people . I had 
expected to get quite a diversity of opinion, 
especia lly from the last two groups, but what I did 
get was a continuous display of vagueness and 
apa thy from all groups. I should add here that I 
did not talk to any of the professors or students in 
the Music or Visual Arts Departments . This survey 
was abou t general opinion on the Mandeville 
Center, and these people would probably have a 
great deal more to say about It than the average 
person, One may argue the merit of thiS deCision, 
but I personally feel that people who have a 
wealth of experience With the MC should be 
I nterviewed separa tely . 

Anyway, I discovered that mo~t people do not 
spend a great deal of time th inking about the 
Cent r . The response to my first two questions, 
namely, "What is the MandeVi lle Center?" and 
" Do you know where it is?", disappointed me. 
Most people (70%) began with " Uh ... ", or 
something equally ambiguous, and then launched 
Into a rambling identifiqltion that usually ended 
in a question itself : "It's that place where they do 
all that,uh .. " you know, that art stuff and concerts 
and things ",yoU know, isn't iUn This kind of 
answer, and it represents a compilation of the 

The location question brought a much more 
solid reaction Everyone seemed to know where 
the Center was, but it's interesting to note why, It 
seems the Mandeville Center mes ed up the 
transportation between Revelle and Muir 
espeCially durrng the rainy season not so long ago' 
Almost everyone I talked to had to make the 
trouble ome detour at least once, and as a result 
the Center was blessed with a healthy dose of 
profanity. However, the place has redeemed itself 
somewhat : it happens that it offers a bit of a 
shortcut to Mathews Campus if one doesn't mind 
the concrete landscape. 

Whi ch brings me conveniently to my next 
category, " What do you like about it?" yielded 
nothing "concrete" at all , but rather a set of 
esoteric terms such as " the idea" or " the effort". 
No one seemed to like the building itself. In fact, 
architecture won top honors for the most disliked 
feature , Suggestions for improvement, therefore, 
were based heavily on changing the visual ap-
pearance of the "cell-block" . "More vegetation" 
was a common solution . Other suggestions were 
"paint It", " let the students do murals on It", and 
"cover it up with ivy". I also got an eerie " rebUild 
it" from a strange-looking w,~man who looked a if 
she'd like to blast it wi th a aser. Needle s to say, 
about 80-85 % of the peopl.? queried agreed that 
they wou Idn't have desig,ed the Mandeville 
Genter the way It looks today 

Th're were a few people who were upset about 
what they called "rel~I;Ll.,J dLL l lU dlt: I..elllt!r 
They weren't sufficient ly specific on this point, 
but the recent allegation that the Marwipville 
Center is becommg the haunt of the "gentry" may 
or may not expre s the view of a di5gruntlt'd 
minority (about 10%), 

A for particulars about the interior of the 
Continued on 'ale 11 



-
Triton Times 

BUly Jack vs. The Critics + 

4th PRIZE 
1975 PLYMOUTH VOYAGER, 
fully equipped. Valued at $6,910.05 

5th PRIZE 
1975 PLYMOUTH 
TRAIL DUSTER, 4-wheel drive. 
Fully equipped. Valued at $5,992.50 

8~'RIZE 
1975 PLYMOUTH DUSTER, 
fully!q IppM. Vawed!t¥ 175.05 

A CONTEST/SWEEPSTAKES 

7tltPIIZE 
16 FT. MARK TWAIN 
FiberQla88 Boat. 
65 HP MERCURY 
OUTBOARD 
& Trailer. 
Valued at 
$4.133.05 

calculators. 
Valued at $15.95 each. 

4 THIRD PRIZES-
HITACHI AM/FM STEREO, 

record & 8-track tape player . 
Model SDP-2820. 

Valued at 5279.95 each. 

200 FOURTH PRIZES -~~;;;-
10-SPEED PRINCE BIKE. 
(Unassembled) Valued at $129.00each. 
(Boys and Girls models.) 

Friday. April 25. 1975 

-. 

Friday. April 25. 1975 Triton Times Page seven 

., 

An open letter from 1bm ~ ... 

WHY IS IT THAT CRITICS ARE SO TOTALLY 
OUT OF TOUCH WITH THE AUDIENCES 
l'HEY ARE PAID TO REVIEW FOR? 
Why do critics consistently misjudge and c9ndemn the 
pictures that their audiences want to see the most? 

In last week's ad we pointed out that what critics 
like in their "ten best" lists and what American audi-
ences like are fundamentally and drastically different. 

We stated that critics generally condemned most 
of the largest gro sing pictures eve I' made in America, 
yet clearly the audiences, voting with their hard-
earned cash at the box office, overwhelmingly chose them 
as theirfavorites. 

On the other hand, the films that the New York 
critics have raved about-again with few exceptions-
have generally died in America. 

WHY THE ENORMOUS DIFFERENCE BE-
TWEEN THE RESPONSES OF CRITICS AND 
THE AUDIENCES THEY ARE SUPPOSEDLYRE-
VIEWING FOR! 

It is as if critics see themselves as belonging to an 
elitist group of highly esoteric film devotees, and are 
writing really to impress each other and a high-culture 
literati ... sometimes barely disguising their conteml?t 
for the "mediocrity" of the "popular" films theIr 
"simple-minded" audiences wish to see. 

It has been so from the beginning. 
THE PLAYS THAT SHAKESPEARE WROTE 

for the courts and the intelligentsia are the most bor-
ing of his works, endured only by those forced to read 
them in English classes, and remembered by almost no 
one .... WHILE THE PLAYS SHAKESPEARE 
WROTE FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES OF 
CO~lPETING WITH THE COCKPITS AND THE 
PUBS-MACBETH. HAMLET, KING LEAR-ARE 
CLEARLY RECOGNIZED' TODAY AS THE 
GREAT MASTERPIECES. 

This is not to say that everything popular becomes 
a classic (though anything popular docs have great sig-
nificance for those who take the time to investigate the 
reasons behind its popularity), BUT IT IS TRUE 
THAT FROM AN lENT GREECE THROUGH 

HAKESPEARE TO OUR OWN DAY, THE CLAS-
SICAL IN DRAMA j\ND FILMS (AS DISTINCT 
FROM PAINTING AND POETRY) AUI0ST AL-
WAYS EMERGES FROM WHAT IS POPULAR. 

Anyone familiar with journalism in America to-
day is aware of the process by which editors usually 
decide who will be their local movie critic .. . (A frus-
tl·ated wl'iter of the GI' at American novel, drama 01' 
scree nplay??) .... ALMOST NEVER DOES A 
CRITIC HAVE ANY SPECIAL TRAINING. SKILL 
OR OTHER CRITERIA TO QUALIFY HIM TO 
DARE TO CLAIM HIS JUDGMENT OF A WORK 
OF ART IS THE VALli) JUDGMENT FOR OTH-
ERS-LET ALONE THAT IT IS SUPERIOR TO 
ANYONE ELSE'S OPINION. 

As the vast difference between the ten best lists and 
the highest grossing pictures gives overwhelming proof 
that the critics have literally no effect on an audience's 
reaction to a given film (with the exception of certain 
high culture al't films), why all the concern over the 
power of the critic? 

UNFORTUNATELY. SOME MOTION PIC-
TURE FILM MAKERS. DISTRIBUTORS AND EX-
HIBITORS ARE NOT REALLY IN TOUCH WITH 
TH~ AUDIENCES THEY ARE MAKING FILMS 
FOR. They are insecure as to how to sell their picture, 
ancl they give an inordinate amoun t of power to critics 
by running criticS' praises in ads trying to sell a movi~ 
(as we mistakenly rlid before we ran our surveys) or 
even more unconscionably- by quoting out of context, 
or letting critics effect the rlestiny of a film by influenc-
ing an exhibitor's willinJmess to book it, or even causing 
it to be pullerl out of circulation. IN HOLl.YWOOD 
THERE ARE EVEN RUMORS THAT ON OCCA-
SION A FILM HAS BEEN CUT IN ORDER NOT 
TO INCUR A CRITIC'S CONDEMNATION. 

THE BASIC THRUST OF EVERYTHING 
WE'VE DONE AT BILLY JACK HAS BEEN TO 
BREAK STRANGLEHOLDS OVER THE PRODUC-
TION. DISTRIBUTION, EXHIBITION. AND RE-
CEPTION OF FILMS. We have decided that it would 
be in our own as well as the public's interest to promote 
the summer re-release of THE TRIAL OF BILLY 
JACK by helping our industry free itself of the illusion 
that these "critic-monsters" have any impact at the box 
office, for ultimately only word-of-mouth can sustain 
a picture. 

To this end we are sponsoring the "Billy Jack vs. 
the Critics" e888Y contest/ sweepstakes. This will give 
audience members who feel frulltrated when seeing 
critics sarcastically attack the films they love, and will 
give fUm makers ... who feel so helplell8 when all of their 
work, time and money is so cavalierly destroyed by some 
inflated critic IImugly showing off his intellectual su-
periority in tile newsroom ... a chance to criticize the 
critic. 

WHEN BILLY JACK FIRST CAME OUT, 
WITH ONE OR TWO EXCEPTIONS, TlJE CRIT-
ICS CONDEMNED IT ••• AND WE EMBARKED 
ON A LENGTHY FIGHT TO GIVE AUDIENCES 
A CHANCE TO JUDGE THE PICTURE FOR 
THEMSELVES. What happenerl is now history. In 
1974, Variety listed BILLY JACK all the 11th largest 
rroeeinr pieture oltha year; the only pieture-EVER-

to achieve that honor wh ile in continuous release 
through 1971, 1972, 1973 and 1974. 

The critics were even more venomous regarding 
THE TRIAL OF BILLY JACK, yet in ONLY SEVEN 
WEEKS OF ITS LIMITED ENGAGEMENT IN 
1974 IT DID ALMOST TWO-THIRDS OF THE 
BUSINESS THAT BILLY JACK DID IN ITS EN-
TIRE RECORD-SHA'ITERING FOUR-YEAR RUN. 

Again , why the vast difference of opinion between 
the critics and the audiences that come to our films? 

FIRST OF ALL, IT IS IMPORTANT TO UN-
DERSTAND THAT A REVIEW IS NEVER ANY-
THING MORE THAN MERE OPINION -AN 
UNVERIFIABLE, UNSUBSTANTIATED OPIN· 
ION. 

A critic's opinion is never forcerl to unrlergo any 
reality test or to in any way be challenged by the facts 
or events. Unless the critic dares to predict the box of-
fice success of a picture, there is no test that he can reaJly 
be put to, and in this area of opinion, one is free to ram-
ble on almost as if in a Rorschach Test. 

IT IS ONE THING TO WRITE A FACTUAL 
DESCRIPTION OF A FILM - how long it ran, who 
sta rred in it. who rlirected it, whether there was nudity 
in it, coarse langua~e , etc. It is quite another to place a 
value judgment on It and say that a film was "good" or 

"bad~' 
(Interestingly enough, it takes little intelligence to 

put something rlown with pejorative remarks like "This 
picture stinks:' and to dazzle one's colleagues with one's 
sarcastic ability to inflict insult. It rloes take skill to 
know exactly why a film succeeded - 01' failed - and to 
constructively criticize for future growth.) 

THIS PUT-DOWN PROCESS BEGINS IN 
SCHOOL WHEN A TEACHER GRADES A PUPIL 
ON HIS OR HER UNDERSTANDING OF A GIVEN 
BOOK. By grading the student. the teacher is placing 
his or her own subjective value judgment on someone 
else's inner pel'sonal experience, whereas the student 
should be free to enjoy the inner experience the book 
arouserl without the imposition of someone else's opin-
10n. 

For a perron to fall under the rlelusion that what 
he got out of a given book 01· film is THE TRUTH - the 
definitive, objective, absolute of what the book or film 
was all about- is clearly to fall into a rlelusion of gran-
deur. It is to make a claim to omniscience. Different? 
Yes! Superior? Who rlal'es to say?? 

. Anyone who has tried to create (whether he be a 
painter, sculptor. film maker, poet. dancer: whether he 
be a professional or someone painting by the sea for his 
own enr'ichment) knows that when one has an inner 
vision that he is attempting to put into the artifact (i.e .. 
the film, the poem, the painting) exactly as his inner 
mind sees it, it always takes on a life of its own. So much 
so that when it is finisherl. the artist may never call the 
artifact hi8 painting or IJ is film. 

The artist knows that though it came from him, 
that deeper inner source ' of creative -inspiration has 
given it an essence all its own. He can describe what it is 
he thought he was creating, but, if he has any psych~lo!!,­
ieal awareness, he knows he can never be the arbIter 
about what was actually created - for the artifact no 
longer belongs to him. . 

So it is with everyone who comes to view the artI-
fact-including the critic. A MOVIE EVOKES IN 
EACH PERSON WHO SEES IT AN INNER RE· 
SPONSE, AND AS THAT INNER RESPONSE IS 
DIFFERENT, UNIQUE, AND PECULIAR TO 
THAT INDIVIDUAL, THERE WILL BE AS MANY 
INNER RESPONSES AS THERE ARE INDIVID· 
UALS WHO EXPERIENCE THE ARTIFACT .... 
AND WHO WOULD DARE TO PRESUME, LET 
ALONE PRONOUNCE THAT HIS PERSONAL 
EXPERIENCE AWNE IS THE VALID EXPERI-
ENCE THAT THEREFORE DEFINES THE 
VALUE OF THAT PARTICULAR WORK OF ART? 
........ (A CRITIC!?) 

Therefore, when someone attempts to review a 
piece of art, he is not necessarily telling us what that 
artifact is in itself (for it now belongs no more to the 
viewer than it does to the artist) what he is really de-
scribing is his personal inner response that the artifact 
has evoked. One is not telling us so much about the arti-
fact as about himself. 

THUS, WHEN A CRITIC REVIEWS A FILM, 
HE IS TELLING US NOT SO MUCH ABOUT THE 
FILM AS ABOUT HIMSELF AND WHAT IT 
EVOKED IN HIM. Unknowin~ly, he is revealing to 
us some of the secrets locked in hIS secret psyche. 

"Judge not that ye be " udJled~' 
One can see how deep y the critic betrays himl'lelf 

by reading the reviews on THE TRIAL OF BILLY 
JACK. Those who criticized the picture for being overly 
long wrote overly long reviews. ThOlle who felt it was too 
emotional or violent wrote extremely emotional and vio-
lent reviews. Those who felt it was wirlely opinionated 
and simple-minded wrote wildly opinionated and simple-
minded reviews-never reali~ing that by their very re-
views they were revealing themselves to be guilty of ex-
act.Jy those things in the movie their ego-intelligence so 
strongly condemned. This procell8 became even more like 

a Rorschach Test when some critics even attributed to 
the movie things that simply were not there. 

IT IS SAD WHEN A CRITIC ABUSES HIS 
POWER BY GIVING EMOTIONALLY CHARGED 
AND IRRESPONSIBLY OPINIONATED RE-
VIEWS THAT TOTALLY DISTORT A FILM'S IN-
TENT- but it is a professional sin to be so caught up in 
one's emotions and the grandeur of onets own opinion 
that one loses professional objectivity and worse-one's 
integrity by either reporting inaccurately, distorting, 
or even printing falsehoorls. 

As with other pictures in the past, that is what 
happened with some reviewers in THE TRIAL OF 
BILLY JACK . 

For instance, ALL OF THE POWERFUL IS-
SUES AND SCENES IN THE TRIAL OF BILLY 
JACKTHATC USEDSUCRAFURORWITHTHE 
CRITI S actually HAPPENED IN OME FORM OR 
OTHER IN REAL LIFE. Critics, by a simple phone 
call. coulrl have done the minimal amount of research 
and homework .... THEY COULD HAVE CHECKED 
WITH US as to our source material, instead of accus-
ing us of distol·tion, exaggeration and falsification of 
events-in a jictiol1ai movie yet. 

LOOK AT SOME OF THE I SUES WHICH WE 
WERE ACCUSED OF INVENTING OR FALSIFY-
ING: • 
• THE SCENE HOWING THE CONSUMER PRO-
TECTION GROUP IN ACTION AND WINNING. 
(PHILADELPHIA ' 
• LOVE EFFECTIVELY HELPI NG IN CH ILD 
ABUSE. (DENVER ) 
• THE HUNTING PARTY. (SA !'I FRA:-;CISCO ' 
• THE EXPOS RE OF THE CIA MEDDLING I~ 
DOME TIC AFFAIR. (Any non-believer now?) 
• THE SCHOOL TV STATION BEING BOMBED. (HOUSTON ' 
• THE MY LAI MA SACRE. 
• THE CLAIM OF OVERKILL I~ IH~PJCTING 
THE HOOTOUT AT THE CHOOL ( KE~T ,TATE. 
SOCTHER:-< C:-;IVERSITY. ETC. ' ... AND THE CL.\DI 
THAT ALL OF THI H.\PPENED IN THE IX-
TIES. rO:-;LY K.;:-;T STATE WA 1:-; TilE IXTIE~. 
• THE BEATING OF THE BOY IN THE ALLEY (REPORTED ~ATIO~AL\'Y '. 
• THE DEER HUNTING CHARGE AGAIN T 
THE INDIAN (:\E\'ADA.' 
• THE EXPO RE BY THE CRU .\OING PUB-
UC ,\FFAIR TV STATION WHICH RESULTED 
IN BRINGING OOWN COR R PT OFFICIALS (NEWORLEA:-;S ' 
• AND MANY OTHERS ... 

All of these issues were either dismisserl or viciously 
attacked by critics as being absurd exaggerations or 
patently untrue, YET EVERY ONE OF THEM I 
BASED ON HISTORICAL REALITY, anrl we would 
have glaclly supplied backup rlata required-IF ONI.Y 
THEY HAD CHECKED WITH US. 

Is there no way the eight to twelve pel·cent who go 
to the movies each week can get reviews written by 
l>eOple they can trust - or at least feel is writing for 
them? 

Clearly there is a responsibility for a reviewer to 
protect people II'om being ripperl off , and to inform audi-
ences regarding the nature of a film, or whether or not 
it is uitable fol' a given audience or alre Jrroup. The need 
for factual description is self-evident. but what about 
when it comes to the area of mere opinion? 

If we must have opinion ... WHY NOT SIMPLY 
HAVE TWO REVIEWS WRI'ITEN SlOE BY SlOE 
IN EVERY NEWSPAPER OR MAG ,\ZINE - ONE 
BY SOMEONE WHO 01 LIKEIl THE }'JUI ND 
ANOTHER BY SOMEONE WHO LIKED THE 
FILM -THUS GIVING THE AUDIENCES A 
CHANCE TO EVALUATE FOR THEMSELVES? It 
is this abuse of the power of expression without making 
available an equally important platform of rebuttal that 
develops resentment. 

Why not, if the film is strongly rlislikerl. allow 
someone connected with the film an opportunity for 
equal space at the same time the review is run in order 
to defencl his wOl'k? 

Was it notCahiers clu Cinema th:Jt said - "IF YOU 
DON'T LIKE IT DON'T WRITE A BOUT IT." 

We hope this contl'st will open IIp some windows 
anrllet in some fresh rliscu ion and a ~ igorous exchange 
of icleas. 

We can all benefit from it. 
Who kn'lws? In the clialogues that will ensue, we 

might even break a few log iam frjs .. nn "om" mnTP 
films for people to. ,and maybe even upgrade the whole 
art of criticism. 

A rter all. once editor~ and the industry reali· .. 
--like the little boy with the emperor-that the 

'dl;·S;~:.:i~:H~?? e! 
-- ~C • tv ... 7' -

Copyright 01l17!~ Billy Jeck Enterprl_. Inc . 



hltetabt Triton nm .. ·Friday. ~.25.19'15 

Golden ~I J zman Hancock Swings Tonight 
Mualc: S"t4phen Crane 

Puri ty and the 3Bs 
Here's the fi al word on the 

Average Whit\? and fiasco. As is 
already obviOlJS, the concert was 
cdncelled. The official reason for 
this can<;eltation was lead 
vocalist Hamish Stewart's bad 
throat, and doctor's advice that 
he either caocel the remainder of 
the AW~'s t9Ur or risk. permanent 
throat damage. UC San Diego 
students are urged to&.eta refund 
on their tickets as soon as 
possible. While there is talk of 
scheduling a replay, unofficical 
sources suggest it -will .not be at 
UCSD and the date is very un-
certain . 

While there is little consolation 
for a cancelled concert, perhaps 
this weeks concert possibilities 
will fill the void in your musical 
life. 

Tonight, at Colden Hall , jazz 
keyboard stylist Herbie Hancock 
brings his increasingly popular 
sound to San Diego. Hancock's 
following continues to grow as he 
brings his funky jazz sound closer 
and closer to a popular ear . 

Also on that bill are German 
progressive jazz sounds from 
Passport. One of the fine breed of 
European bands breaking into the 
Americ.n scene, Passport uses 
multiple keyboard layers to 
create a rich wall sound. A very 
exciting new band . Opening act 
for that show will be 
Headhunters. 

This weekend marks the 
opening of the Ocean Festival at 
Del Mar Fairgrounds . Including 
skateboard championships, 
exhibits, workshops and the like, 
the festival will also feature two 
major concerts. 

Tomorrow at 8 pm a su rfer's 
stomp is scheduled with the 
good-time sounds of Honk, a fine 
ensemble of hot, happy sounds . 

Sunday night features a 
no talgia night with Flash 
Cadillac and the Continental 
Kids, 50's music with their usual 

Continued on Page 9 

. From tune-ups to complete 
~ullds 
10 percent Student 
Discount with this card. 

BIRD ROCK 
FOREIGN 

CAR 
REPAIR 

5631 La Jolla Blvd . 
La Jolia , Calif. 92037 

Phone 459-4556 

WOK OF WEEK 
Lych'~e & Pineapple 

!itlrimp 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

lUISI/,·/E 

Dinn.r Hour. ' 
Mon Thurs.-tO 

F,i·S.r !j· 11 

Beer and wine 
served 

10". Dis(.ount with 
UCSD Student ID 

AMPU PARKING • 
459-9842 
h ,olla Blvd . 

Aart-Vark 
by Elizabeth Chiment 

Steff Writer 
I realized last weekend that although it's only the fourth week of 

classes I have managed to get six weeks behind. Don't ask me how, but 
I've done it. 

To remove myself from the depreSSion that resulted from this 
discovery, I decided to do some research for this article, and treat 
myself toa day in Balboa Park . 

The Park is an experience in itself; you can get los t in the end less 
paths and people there on any Sunday afternoon. There are also quite a 
few rather funky museums that are worth checking out. 

The Aerospace museum, for instance, now has on display a 
collection of pilot helmets dating from World War II, and a Regallo-
type glider, which was the f irst west of the Mississippi to use aero-
space materials. 

The Museum of Man is currently presenting a shO\oY of distinguished 
stone and ceramic figures of Middle America entit led "Pre Columb ian 
Scu Ipture". 

The Natural History Museum has a new exhibit of water colors of 
Cactus by Albert Valentien through May 18, and offers a free weekend 
film series Saturdays at 1 and 2 p.m. 

I n addition to the museums, there are a number of excellent art 
collections at the Museum of Fi ne Art All in an , the park is a fine place 
to forget all those things that you should be remembering. 

There are a few other things I though I might mention because they 
seemed interesting. The Triad Ca llery, 3701 India St., will be displaying 

Continued on Page 9 

There is somethinll a little impure in char&inll people money to 
attend a classical music concert. True enough, musicians are under 
some sort of obligation to eat (there usually are other con-
siderations as well), but one often has the feeling that many 
members of respectable symphony orchestras-and even soloists on 
ocCasion, who undoubtedly started off with the best of intentions-
are now merely doing their jobs like anyone else. 

The evils associated with money are by no means all-pervasive, 
but still, there is a great deal to be said for free concerts . One can 
usually be sure that a performer in such a concert is there because 
he wants very much to be there, and for no other reason . Of course, 
the degree of the performer's skill will be something of an un-
certainty, but at least one is always assured of his enthusiasm. 

Unfortunately, free concerts tend to be the victims of the firmly 
entrenched American suspicion that one gets what one pays for . 
That is to say, they are often poorly attended, and are reviewed only 
rarely . . 

This last omission can be corrected at least in one case. last 
Sunday evening, Robert Martin and Barbara Schneiderman 
preformed a program of music for cello and piano at the Mandeville 
Recital Hall. I t was a free concert, and it was excellent. The program 
consisted of three sonatas for violincello and piano by the giants of 
the musical literature, Bach, Beethoven, and Brahms, and two 
shorter solo pieces by contemporary composers Odland and Moevs. 

Each of the sonatas emphasized ensemble rather than solo 
playing, but in very different ways . Bach's sonata (No.2 in D major) 
was all counterpoint and the complex interplay of parts . Both in-
struments shared in the development of the melodic lines, but the 
cello was usually the first to expose a new idea. 

The Beethoven sonata (No.2 in G minor, op, 5) made a greater 
distinction between the characters of the cello and the piano. The 
first movement began with a series of sharp angular motifs, to which 
the piano would respond as the cello began a new phrase. Then the 
piano became two instruments-one producing fluid bass lines to 
complement the theatrics of the celio, and a second playing 
shimmering accompaniment in the upper registers . In the last 
movement, a very Beethovanesque Rondo with a series of strong 
melody lines, the piano frequently doubled the cello or imitated it 
exactly in a later phrase. 

The Brahms sonata (in E minor, op.38) was by far the evening's 
most dramatic work. Brahms utilized every conceivable sound that 
the two instruments were capable of producing. Powerful melody 
lines dominated the first and last movements, and each instrument 
had several solo passages. The finale wa a great mass of sound, 
requiring immense, sustained efforts from the performers . 

In addition , Martin (who holds a joint appointm nt in music and 
philosophy at Rutgers University, and is presently a visiti ng 
professor at UC Irvine) and Sc hneiderman (who lives in Del Mar and 
teaches through the UC extension) each played a solo work. The 
first, a short piano pie e by Bruce Odland, had a great deal of 
activity (but without very much motion , except near the end), and a 
great many si ngle staccato notes in the uppermost octaves of the 
piano . The second, a ce llo solo called H ptachronon by Robert 
Moevs (a colleague of Martin 's at Rutger ), was an unusual, if 

Continued on Page 3 

Top it ~ff with Oly. 

50 

Where have atl the flowers gone? 
Right on the front o( Olympia's 

/ 
Flower Girl T- him. 

tvbde of 1 0";' COtton and 
machine washabl<.:. they come in a 

variety of color~ and 4 adult size . Own 
your very own flow r person fqr only 
3.95. Full grown and ready to wear. It 

beal'> w,linng for a bud 10 bloom. 

·------------------------1 

rlea~c millime n chl!~I-fLlllllf Iy\' flower girl I:nclo"cJ I, my check or illoney 
(ltJer in the amuunt (,( . _ _ _ for (numher) Flower )lT1 T- hirtb) . 
' I:C S M [ XL Color gold . n.ltllrill . light hluc. ~alld (Circk 'I:e .1IlJ wlor dC'irl'd ) 
PICil,e print Tim \\'i11 hc your mailmg lahl'l 

.,. 

ADDRE 
CITY TATE ZIP __ 
Complete and mnil order form to Iympin Brewing Co .. P.O. Box 2 0 . Olympia. 
Wa . 98507 Make check or money order pnyable to: Olympia Brewing Co. (Please 
do not send ca h.1 Allow four week (or delivery. 

Olympia Brewing Comp.ny. Olympia. W .. hlnglon 'Ol y. 

- - ----- ----------------------------------~ 

Friday, April 25, 1975 

Communications . • • 
Continued from Pale 3 

only two professors to teach its 
core courses. The wav faculty 
hiring and the use of FTEs has 
been going. Communications' 
facu lty are very likely to be 
absorbed by various other 
departments in the University 
(none of which are at Third 
Col lege) . 

It is time for us as students to 
refuse to dOcilely accept these 
vic ious and deliberate tactics of 
the University administration 
any longer. As students, and 
even more clearly as human 

1776 .. -

individual s. we must demand 
that our rights and interests are 
guarded and upheld in all 
academic decisions made by the 
University . We must never 
neglect our duty to remind the 
administration and its puppets 
that the purpose of the 
University is to serve the in-
structiona l learning needs of its 
students and not to facilitate an 
oppressive environment of 
manipulation by a few power-
hun g ry administrators , 
eminent or not. 

Continued from Page 5 

flaccid , complacent rendering completely that lost all the fine layers of 
wit and bawdiness that the character possesses . The laugh lines are still 
there, but they lack the commitment of delivery which would make 
them vital and exciting . 

The character. of Stephen Hopkins, the "grape and guts" delegate 
from Rhode Island, lacked much of the grape and all of the guts. The 
audience received a San Diego State student in a powdered wig playing 
in a historical pageant . 

It's a shame, really, for the characters as presented in the play are 
loaded with handles for an actor to latch on to. Instead, we primarily 
are faced with the embarassing problem of college students trying to 
depict age by bending over, gnarling their voice, and trying funny 
walks . 

The production isn' t actually in as deep water as I am depicting here. 
Jeff Eiche as John Adams manages to keep the show afloat with at least 
the most consistent work in the production. Off to a rough start in the 
opening,musical moments of'the show, singing the opening strains of 
"Sit Down John" with sharpness in pitch rather than in intent, he 
seemed to relax into his role as the evening progressed, slowly en-
dearing himself to the audience as the " obnoxiOUS and disliked" Mr. 
Adams . 

Whi Ie lacking the real bite and spit that earns Adams his reputation 
as the most annoying man in congress, Eiche paints one of the 
evenings few competent portrayals and shO\oYs himself to good ad-
vantage as the only member of the cast to demonstrate vocal maturity, 
in both h is diction , and his well seasoned New England accent His 
accent, unfortunately, highlighted the fact that his fellow cast 
members (particularly those representing the South) just couldn 't 
handle the textural problems of a multi-accented congress . 

All the above problems seemed rather trivial, though, in the light of 
the musical and technical difficulities . 

The orchestra d idn' t seem up to the demands of the difficult score of 
the show, and this musical insecurity pushed its way into all the 
mmical numbers, where the characters stopped acting while they 
concentrated on singing and creating " musical numbers." The in-
consistency of intensity damaged some of the show's most affecting 
moments, particularly "Mollases to Rum to Slaves." 

As for the technical end of the show, it was touch and go. William 
Reid's awkward set made for difficult lighting, and an uneven 
illumination plagued the entire evening . Most notably problematic was 
that windows continued to open themselves, and were noticeably 
reclosed by bobbi ng stagehand hands lurking behind the set. 

And yet I enjoyed myself. The costumes and makeup did j ustice to 
capturing the look and feel of our cherished forefathers , and the show 
had its highlights . leslie Goldstein is to be complimented for lifting the 
burden of one of the shows weakest songs, " He Plays the Violin," to a 
minor delight in the role of Martha Jefferson . 

You can pick and pick at the SDSU production but nonetheless thE' 
show, while occaSionally tedious, bounds along with its own peculiar 
style, and manages to bring some life to the old history books after all. 

But as I left the Theatre, I couldn't avoid the aching feeling that 
Valerie Edwards was kicking me in the shins again. 

Purity ... 
Continued from Page 8 

somewhat slow, collection of disconnected melody fragments and 
peculiar performance techniques . 

The performers themselves improved markedly as the evening 
progressed. Both were at an initial disadvantage because the Bach 
sonata was written for instruments other than the ones they were 
playing (viola da gamba and harpsichord) . Martin seemed to be 
more concerned about ensemble problems than staying in tune . His 
cello tones were largely flat and colorless . Schneiderman's ac-
companiment was sti ff, dry, and lacking in dynamic variation. It 
was as if she were trying to imitate the sound of a harpsichord (a nd 
perhaps she really was) . 

Both performers appeared more at home with Beethoven's 
swarms of arppeggios and repeated bass figure s, but it was in the 
Brahms that they really shined . Their rhythms were smooth and 
even, and the cello sounded deeper and mote resonant. Martin and 
Schneiderman kept a good dynamic balance between their two 
instruments- neither part becc;>ming unduly prominent or dominant 
at an inappropriate time. Only in the finale of the Brahms, when 
both performers were attacking their instruments with as much 
force as they were capable of, did the piano overshadow the cello 
(and this was probably unavoidable - the piano's larger sounding 
board and dozens of strings give it a distinct advantage in such 
confrontations) . 

At this point, a word or two should be mentioned concerning the 
Mandeville Recital Hall, where all this took place. It is the most 
straightforward hall imaginable - a rather large box with thinas on 
the ceiling and a number of chairs on its steeply sloping floor. 
Unlike its big brother, the Mandeville Auditorium, the acoustics are 
quite good. It is an excellent place for small chamber concerts like 
this one, and hopefully, more like it will be forthcoming in the near 
future. 

Triton Times Page nine 

Two DC San Diego Professors Join 
Nation~ Academy of Sciences Roll 

Two UC San Diego faculty 
members have been elected to 
membership in the National 
Academy of Sciences, one of the 
highest honors for any American 
Scientist. 

They are George Feher, 50, of 
La Jolla, and John C. Wheatley, 
48, of Del Mar. Both are 
professors of physics. 

Catholic 
Newman Club 
Organized 

by Gerry.Kantor 
S~f.Wrlt ... 

"To attempt to socialize asocial 
UCSD students," a Newman Club 
has been organized on campus. 

The Newman Club is a national 
Catholic College organization 
with branches throughout the 
country . They meet every 
Wednesday at 4 pm in the student 
center . The group' s office is 
located in the student center . 

Although primarily composed-
of and oriented toward the 
Ca tholic community , Casey 
Nicholson, president of the club 
and a member of the Catholic 
Council , said that it has no in-
-lention of student conversion to 
Catholicism, but father wants to 
overcome student isolation and 
the asocial atmosphere among 
Ca tholic5- and non..(atholics on-
campus residents.The club has 
sponsored informal communal 
dinners and outings into the local 
mountains to promote greater 
interrelation and communication 
among students. 

Food for PB Elders 

The club also engages in 
community-wide philanthropic 
endeavors such as providing food 
for the Pacific Beach elders who, I 
Ni c hol son sai d , are now ' 
scavenging trash cans for food, 
and participating in " Los Ninos," 
an organization to benefit or-
phans of Tijuana . 

Hancock __ . 

brand of sexua l innuendo. Also 
on Sunday Vikki Carr brings 
her vocal talents, and a full or-
chestra, to the San Diego Civic 
Theatre . Appearing with Carr will 
be blues si nger Mike Neun_ 

Monday night marks another of 
those mystery uses of the 
Mandeville Center. While no 
publicity or press information 
eems to be avai lable at the 

moment, all sources indicate that 
high powered, jazz trumpeter 
Maynard Ferguson will be in 
concert there Monday night. The 
ifs, whats, and hows, of all this 
are sti ll somewhat unknown, but 
it appears to be sponsored by La 
Jolla High School. Tickets are 
available throu gh the LJHS 
fi nance office. 

The Sports Arena lights up on 
Wednesday night with an odd 
three-act concert. Joe Walsh 
plays headliner to the Kiki Dee 
Band and the Charlie Daniels 
Band. Talk about mixed styles ... 

And in Revelle College's answer 
to the Sports Arena - The Side 
Door - folk singer and guitarist 
John Adler will appear at 8:30 pm 
in free, causual concert. 

NO\oY let's hope no one else gets 
a sore throat this week. 

The two new members bring 
UCSD's total academy mem-
bership to 45 . The ratio of 
members to total faculty is one of 
the highest, if not the highest, in 
the country. 

I nail, 84 new members were 
elec ted las t week a t the 
academy's 112th annual meeting 
in Washington, lX, bringing total 
membership to 1,150. 

Seven from UC 
Of those elected today, seven 

were from UC campuses . In 
addition to UCSD's members, 
three were elected from UC 
Berkeley and one each from UC 
San Francisco and UC Irvine. 

John C. Wheatley 

Aart-Vark .. 

Total UC academy membership is 
now 155, more than any other 
college or university system. 

Upon his election, Feher was 
cited for "discovery of the 

George Feher 

method of electron-nuclear 
double reasonance known as 
ENDOR , pioneering work in 
biophysics with emphasis on 
photosynthesis and co-discovery 
of paraelectric resonances." 

Wheatley was cited by the 
academy for " monumental 
contribu tions to low temperature 
physics which have enabled him 
and others to work regularly, 
reliably and for long periods of 
time doing sophisticated ex-
periments in the milliKelvin 
temperature range." 

Continued from Page 8 
paitings and drawings by Nancy Kittredge, Tuesday through May 18. 
Says Kittredge of her art " I continue to search, by means of my 
drawings and paintings, to express my abstract feelings that even I do 
not always understand, to gain greater understanding of others and 
myself . Sometimes this is done with great seriousness . At other times it 
is accomplished with a great deal of fun, as if I were involved in some 
strange and wonderful play where anything is possible." 

Oh, and don' t miss the beautifull collect ion of handmade in-
struments and ca lligraphy by Curt Bouterse now on display in the 
Unicorn Theatre lounge from 10 to 12 p.m . 

............................. ~ 
• • 
: FRidAY NiTE Flick : 
: ~Q~~a~~ a~ U'OO~ C!4Aa~ : 
It and It 

: CJJa\1~ ~~ A ~a(l<lJC!4 : 
It 7:30 10:00 USB 2722 It 
It $.~ It It • 
It It 
It SATURdAY FiLM It 
It It 

: UW(JJ a)AryCJJ[jfJU~C!4~ : 
It 7:30 10 :00 It 
It It 
It, $1 .00 USB 2722 It 
It ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING ~~ 
~S1~~S Nf~~ ~O~ S SJ'Sl'e..JL 

COLOR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK ~ 
rENT AX, OLYMPUS, • KONICA CAMERAS. LENSES 

LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 
INCLUDING 

KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 
SALES· SERVICE -TRADES-REPAIR 

DISCOUNT PRICES 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 

7717 FAY AVE 
4 .... 73 •• 



Triton Tim .. Friday, April 25, 1975 

Triton~. SI'ay Cal Baptist, 16-3 White: "Average Student 
in Very Poor Physical Shape" 

by Dne Elsen 
...... yvrtt.r 

The Tritons ~~mbined a season 
high run and !li~ total with some 
overpoyering pitching as the 
ba5l!ball team dismantled the 
California Bartist Lancers, 16-3, 
Tuesday afternoon. 

Right fielder Jim Dixon was the 
batting star for UC San DiegO' 
going 5-for-5, stealing a base, and 
scoring three times in the 22-hit. 
Triton attack . Pitcher Bob Lofgren 
struck out eight in seven innings, 
and didn't allow any earned runs 
as he picked up the victory . 

Coach Lyle Olsen's squad is 
now 5-8 in league play, and 9-14 
overall. It was the team's third 
win without a loss against Cal 
Baptist, after recording 6-2 and 
13-4 wins earlier in the season. 

by P~ul W~gner 
Spor1Edltor 

Last Saturday, in an all day 
symposium, Dr. James R. White 
of UC San Diego led a host of 
speakers in discussing the health 
and fitness of students and public 
servants . The purpose of the 
symposium was to identity risks 
involved in not partiCipating in a 
regular fitness program . A 
majority of the speakers were 
cardiovascular experts from 
UCSD's Cardio Pulmonary 
Research Institute . 

firemen, Gary Scherer, research 
director from the Cardio 
Pulmonary Research Institute, 
said that when people are tested 
every six months, they often go 
out the week before the tests and 
really make an eHort to con-
dition . In reality, this tactic is 
dangerous because it does not 
allow for an accurate diatlnosis of 

Triton Explosion 
In the third inning, the Lancers 

were without one run of the 
Tritons, with the score at 2-1 . 
Then the Tritons exploded for two 
runs in the bottom of the third, 
one in the fourth, six in the fifth, 
and six more in the seventh . The 
run total might have been even 
higher, but three Tritons were 
tagged out at home plate, one 
each in the third, fourth, and fifth 
innings . 

Baptist baseman shows beal- 'em!with!oMr:'eyes 'closed form. 

The 'symposium which was the 
fifth annual meeting, started 
when White tested a group of 55 
students to see if a regular fitness 
program would have a 
significant effect on the body. 
Students on a regular program 
showed no increase of coronafy 
risk factors while those on an 
irregular program showed a 
marked increase. 

Possibly expecting an easy win, 
UCSD opened the game without 
some regulars, including Coach 
Olsen . Rod Shelby started for 
Rich Briles in center field , John 
Bebek for Dave Lattuca in left, 
Doug Youngdale for Gary Patton 
behind the plate, and Mike 
Coleman for Jeff Simons at third. 

The substitutes, led by Shelby 
who scored three runs and stole a 
base, performed well. Youngdale 
had two hits . and scored twice, 

1M BS 

Coleman scored a run, and Sebek 
got on base twice. Designated 
hitter Bill Goddard also went 
three for three in only five in-
nings . 

The 22 batters who came to the 
plate in the two. six-run UCSD 
uprisings, saw a parade of four 
Lancer pitchers . Goddard , 
Coleman, Dave Youngdale, Doug 
Youngdale, Dixon, and Mike 
Scarmella scored in the fifth, with 
the big hit being a tw<Hun double 
to the base of the left field fence 
by Fred Gribi. Rich Freer, Dixon , 
Shelby, Scarmella, Patton, and 
Simons scored in the seventh as 
the Tritons put the game out of 
reach for the Lancers . 

Lofgren Breezes 
Lofgren breezed through the 

Graffitti Dance Tonight 
Tomorrow at 8 pm in the main 

. gym, the Recreation department 
will sponsor the American Graffiti 
Night Dance. The price of ad-
mission is $1 .50, and is open to 
the general public . Included in 
the night's activities are dance 
and costume contests . All 
procedes from the dance will be 
c hanneled into the Special 
Student Service fund headed by 
Vice-<:hancellor George Murphy. 

The fund is used to take care of 
things which state funds and 
registration fees couldn't. The 
dance will be the first cir-
cumstance where money from a 
student affair will be chan neled 
into the fund . Usually the con-
tributions to the fund are by small 
anonymous donations . 

Music for the dance will be 
provided by Hudson and Bauer. 

AII-Cal 

Time for the annual AII-Cal 
affair is rolling around, and with 
the approaching date, there has 
been the usual flury of com-
petition to decide what teams will 
represent UCSD this year at 
Riverside . Last Saturday and 
Sunday, the coed softball team 
was decided upon when the 
Renobs survived the elimination 
rounds to defeat the Vikings in 
the finals . Representatives for 
coed tennis and coed waterpolo 
will be decided soon . The 
matches for tennis will be 
tomorrow morning at 9 am on the 
Muir courts . 

The waterpolo selecti on 
continues today with the last 
semifinal game at 4 pm with the 
winner meeting Wet N' Slippery 
next Saturday in the natatorium . 

No-Risk REAdiNG IMPROVEMENT! 
Our S.turday morning cl •• s meets thl. S.turd.y, April 26, 

.t 10 .m_ 

'EAD's 'I off.rlng Inl.rnted stud.nts six 2 1/2 hour 
o.l-camlN, work.hops to Inc ..... Ih.lr ... dlng efficiency 
by .t I .. "t 3 Um .... th.1 I. our gu.rant •• to you' The cost 
Is S95, .lIght Incre.s. In COSI ov.r our recent Wlnt.r 
progr.m , but w. bell.v.Ih.1It Is stlilih. besl cour .. 'or 
Ih.monoy. 

Other SP"d-••• cSlng campanl •• cheru •• S much .s 3 
tlm •• o r ral. 'or comp.rabl.lnstructlon 11m •• nd Ih.y do 
not of'.· the combined , •• tu .... we do: (1) Low prtce i2) . 
On-campus (3) No m.chln.1 uled (4) Our guarant .. -3x 
Incr ... I" speed with equ.1 comprehension [5J Llfellm. 
member'shlp 'or periodic re'resher session •• 

If YOIJ are Interest8c:t In .tt.,.dlng our no-risk flrsl 
sesalon, contact Bob al 278-1768 avenlng •. 

Tonight! 
Our cl ••••• will be Ilartlng: 

Our cl ••••• will be .I.rtlng Saturday, April 28, 10.m 
On·campu. 

READING EDUCATION AND DIRECTED STUDY 

Baptist batting order, scattering 
six hits, and getting strike-outs for 
five of the first six outs . Coach 
Olsen, who turned up in the 
second inning, gave his pitchers 
some work, using John Clark and 
then Mark Farrar to finish the 
contest. 

The pitching staff has emerged 
as the UCSD strength this year, 
despite Tuesday's run explosion, a 
fact that was displayed Saturday, 
when Jeff Wiederholt threw five -
no-hit innings, gave up no earned ' 
runs, yet lost to Cal Lutheran, 3-D. 

The Triton baseball squad 
travels to Pacific Christian and 
Call State Dominguez Hills this 
weekend, before hosting Point 
Lorna in a 3 :00 game Tuesday. 

These factors include high 
resting heart rate, high blood 
pressure, percentage of body fat 
and blood lipids, and heart ab-
normalities based on resting and 
exercising EKG's . 

fT Below Aver~le 
Last 'year, the Triton Times 

sports department participated in 
the testing and finished below the 
national average, as did most 
students at UCSD. According to 
White, "the average student is in 
very poor physical shape." 

Speaking on the necessity of a 
regular fitness program for publ)c 
servants such a~ police and 

Dr. James Wbite 
problems suppressed by the crash 
conditioning. 

White also talked abou t 
hypothetical residual eHects . He 
cited as an example 'a man who 
thought that because he was an 
All-American football player 15 
years ago, his physical shape 
would remain over the years . 

White stated that unless a 
person is on a program where he 
or she is running at least four days 
a week to the extent that a shower 
is necessary afterwards-then that 
fitness program is inadequate. 

'l~f*XC.-::C::­UC-S.O. 
CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD presents ..•..• 

~ ~ JOHN HOUSEMAN's 
" CITY CENTER ACTING CO. 

in two performances of 
·SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER-

~ MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM a 
Saturday & Sunday APRIL 26 & 27 8pm 

R UCSD Student '2&'3 General Admission '4of5 . 
~C" ~t,~Tickets Available: Student Center Box Office 452·4559 or 452·4()90 »~":G'5! ... * ........... rr~ ......... ;a;e·:a.-w.a:..-6-w.a;·r..;··;a. ........... ~~~ .. ~E 

- -.'"1i":..:;".-._ ..... v....9M.V ... ~~ •• ~ ........ !" ... :;: ..... M2.2 .. .."... 

Tit. OCEAN FESTIVAL 
.t tAe Del M.r F.ir~roaD,j. 

Saturday 6 Sunday, April 26 a 21, 10a.m. to Midnite 

Honk . FI~,h 
plus NOVA Cadi lac 

Saturday Nite, 8p.m. 
.t Bi.~ Cro.),,. H.ll and the CONTINENTAL KIDS Sunday Nite, 8 p.m. 

THE COUSTEAU SOCIETY PRESENTS: To", HortOl, Director of Specitl Project. 
L'CTUII( IIIf OC&MOHAPMIC ',LII. FILII FESTIVAL: 3Vallourl of COfttinuoue actiOft films featuring the btlt ot all . 

GI ANT EXPOSI TlON: DIYing equlplMllt, .urtboof., hang glldera, skateboard •. 
EXHIBITIONS PLUS: Hang gliding, llat- air bolioOft., kUfIQ fu d."'Oftltrationl, 

.urf and dh,ln, phototraptty worlllllops, HolM Hawk conte.t (R-C airplane.), 
a.d .UC", .ffC" 1IOf. ! 

Th. Bahnt/Cadillac Wh .... National Skat.board Champion.hip 
.1'* '500 I. "iz .. ! 

F,stivol TicUts: only S 3 per doy (",xtro for conc,rts) 
Ayalla"', at ." rld.troll OIItl.t., Tur"tab'. La JoI'a. Oa.'. record., , ...... record., 

De, lItI.r Sur' Sltop, p. • . 5",' SIlo" 0.'. StIr' S/Iop, Pur. FUll Sur'board •• 5 •• ,., 
a"d a" HI.It,."ftr Stor.. fw Melt. 

Friday, AprU 25, 1975 Triton Time. Pageelevep 

.----------What's Happening-----------. 

'~'" -.~ , .... Ii .-• I) ", ..., ~.., .. ,J' "!-.~ . ..: •• 
THE AERAENDUM lION 

Find out the IlIuee. "ot. InteiAgently. 
14/211 

Fro.h. Soph. Jun -- P ......... t '. Un-
d.rgrldu." FelI_.hlp Compet/tlon. 
Appllc.tlon. et Stud.nt Fln.ncl.1 
S.r"lc.. Offlc.. 214MC, prolect 
propo .. '. lett ... frOm "Gully IPOnMn 
duo by M.y 1 •. For Into -w~ Mlrtln. 
X44II1412i11 

Budg.t .... ourc.. Group will b. 
con.leI,"n. Prognm Funding R--" 
and .u •••• t. Int.r.et.d etud.nt 
o,genlutiOM rIIIIOnd _n It the 
Stud.nt Center. 14/211 

SEX CLINIC: eou .... I"" on a..uot 
Probl.m.. W.d. 3-1 pm; R.ven. 
Cou .... ,o,.. 0ffIc. lnellt to the ROY. 
P,ov_ OffIc.l. Judith JorgenMft, 
M.O.-Hu.h Pet .. , Ph.D. 13/141 

Du. to leek of Int""' on the pert of 
Mul, etud.nta. the Inter· coli ••• 
competition with Fourth Col.... Ie 
c.ncelled. 14/211 

Worship S.rvlc .. It Unlveraltv Church 
thi. Sunday: Rom.n Cetholk: - ' ::JII • . m. 
Ind 5: p.m. Luth_n Imualc featl".n -
10:00 I .m. Eplecopel - 12:30 p.m. 141211 

Steel ProJect. From PepperCllnyon - • 
Sculptur. by J . Vltku. Undergred. Art 
G.11erv Mul' HItSS Am. 11. Opening: 
4/23 5-7 pm through 11'/1 w ....... " U. (41211 

'GAY PHONE 11_ An outreech to the 
U.C.I .D. o.y community. Info,matlon 
Or lu.t wont to talk 1462-313111111 

WRITING CUNIC - Help on .ny writ In. 
dIHlcuhl ... Com. to 12114 H·L 0' cell 
4Ii2.211Z2 for en .ppolntm.nt.11I1I 

Unl"erelty Stud.nt. m.et for 
f.llow.hlp thl. Sunday. 7:00 to .:00 pm, 
.t Unl".,..lty Church loung • . E"eryon. 
ia welcom • . 14/2111 

~ •... ~~'. ). , ~ .. '. J..s.' ,. ,- 1.:.:: •• :i~~~~".: .. 1 
GAY STUDENTS Mondey. April 21th. 7. pm Bilk. ConflrllK:l Lounge. 
Newcom.,.. welcom • . 14/211 

COOPMEEnNO 
Thia It .".ry Monday at 1:30 .t tha 
Stud.nt C.nt.r 14/281 

CPB to Allocate 
$43,000 for 1975-76 

Continued from Page 1 
we can 't handle really big acts -
we can' t afford them, and the 
security is too difficult. 

"I was really uneasy about the 
Average White Band," she said . 

Annala said the $4,500 figure 
for gym concerts from the Coop 
money is misleading - "we ac-
tually would spend much more 
than that on a concert." The AWB 
show would have cost $10,000 
with $5,000 paying for the band, 
$1,500 for the opening act, and 
large sums for publicity and 
security. 

"Average White Band was on 
the borderline. - we <ouldn' t 
handle a much bigger act. You 
need a promoter for a large act, 
and David Thayer's (of California 
Concerts, the promoting group) 
profit margin was only $2,000 or 
$3,000. 

"And most promoters wouldn't 
bring ac ts in here when they can 
get $10,000 or $15 .000 downtown . 
Science Course ... 

"If we could seat 3,000 or 4,000 
people, it would be easier," 
Annala said . 

Off-Campus Rate 
She said half the AWB tickets 

had been sold off-campus at a 
rate higher than the UCSD 
student price of $4.50 so the 
profit margin could be reached . 

"And when we realize the 
majority of the people at a 
concert aren' t students here, we 
begin to wonder if we should be 
doing it at aiL" 

The CPB membership includes 
a student from each college, two 
representatives appointed by the 
Coop , and faculty members 
representing the drama, music 
and visual arts departments in 
addition to two graduate students 
and an at-large faculty 
representative . 

The Board is chaired by Muir 
Provost and Mandeville Center 
Director John Stewart. 

Continued from Page 3 
to UCSD and its students , which must be fully and openly discussed by 
the University community. 

• • • • 

DONALD E. STREBEL, 
APIS REPRESENTATIVE, 

GRADUATE STUDENT COUNCIL 

Ca.c SurfHera. Ctdk K .... . B .. ,. . Aloha R.cb 
Church. All • H.iln Sandals. Shirts, Tftlnb, 

Ocaen Pecic . H8IIt Ten • BOI", Bagl,. Air Bftllh . Shirts 
Poster! • Magazilel . W •• T-~hirts. Botrd Co,a • ~IIII Fini 

UIt4 Botrdt • Ct. Whtelt . Sklte B ... 1114 a 

J 5¢ 
WAX 

_pllte ... of I Sklte.rd "lIOriel 

La Jolla 
SURF SHOP 

2226 A venida de fa Playa 
La Jolla, California 

454·4644 
Tl1:EJ e8UN ~O,'!'8 

112 block west 0/ 
L.,a jolla Shores Market 

-

. 

• 

., 

Adv. meeting .nd group medltetlon In 
R..,.II. Inform.1 Loung. It 7 PM on 
Mon. Apr . •. For Into Joe Rlelter. __ 
_.2JIO.114OISIMSlI4/211 

UNA meetln. -- Monday, 1:30 pm 4127 
OCMn Blvd. P.clflc BMCh I~I 
14/211 

C ... ~y PlOpl. for comody porformlng 
group. M.etlng F,ldey .t 3 pm in 
Student C.nt.r loung. or Kon 7IiJ. 
2211114/2111 

C.mpu. Cruaade for Chrill . Meeting 
tonl.ht 7:00 pm. Wind.or Common. In 
BSB .• II welcom • . 14/2111 

Seiling tllm meeting Wed. 23. 6:00 pm 
In P.E. cl ... roqm. Beth".'14/231 

R."eli. Sid. Doo, p,ovld.. 10' your 
O.nclng . Monday Nit. (4/211. B. ther • • 
It's fo, you. 14/211 

Muir Outln. Club key.k roiling _elon 
April., .t 1:00 pm In the pool. (41211 

4 .tudent •. brown beg It with Merion 
Ternplo. muelcal th ..... lat. 51!. 12:00 St 
Cnt g'm. conf. ,m. !lunch pro"lded' 
14/211 

0,. Mo,co. Intagll.tta. A.. Prof of 
BioonglnNring "'pt. of BIOInglnNrlng 
UCSD C.pIUory. Par.copillory .nd 
Tren.c.plllory Flow. 2:00 pm Room 
B248, B.alc Science Building. MC 14/2111 

Book S.Ie: Todey 10 am until 4:30 pm 
Muir LIt ... ture O.pt. 4th floo, Bldg. 2-0 
I HSSIl4/21i1 

4th Coli ••• T.O.I.F. Tod.y &:00 pm.t the 
B.agl. H.II Berbequ. Pit. dlnn ... 
aport., music. .nd .11 4th coll.g. 
leculty & commut.. atudent. en· 
coureg.d to comel 

April 28: COMMUNITY CONCERT' 
UCSD Mualcl.ns 2:00 pm SEUWCA, 
5040 Log.n St .. Sen DI .. o 14/2111 

April 211: SCRIABIN PIANO MUSIC 
Cecil Lytl • • pleno .:00 pm Recital H.II. 
Mand."llI. C.nterI4/ 2Ii1 

Dr. Mich .. 1 O .. n. Ph.d. World' . 
Foremo.t Hypnotllt. Come end _ him 
In actlonl April 30. ' :00. " the M.n-
de"lII. Auditorium. Get tlckat. It tha 
box oHlc •. 14/30 

Mandeville Center. • • 

Monday Lunch Movl." "Myoglobin" 
.nd "Telnt.d Sky" (Th. Sen .. e 
Bureaul: 11 em end 12 noon. HSS 2333. 
14/211 

Verletv Club T.lethon for hlndlcopped 
child,on, Mey 10 & 11, KTLA Chlnnell -
KFMB redlo (4/301 

Th. Fifth Annu.1 Organic Foot Rec. will 
bo h.ld W.dn .. d.y of Final. w .. k ot 
Midnight. All Int., .. ted pertl.. a .. 
in"lted to p.rtlclp.t. 14/2111 

RALPH NADER April 30. ' :30 pm In the 
m.ln lIym. Ticket ...... II.bl. only In 
.d"anc • . FREE to UCSD atud.nta t1.110 
to no ... UCSO .tud.nta and .2.00 to the 
g.n ... ' public. 14/301 

WOMEN: SURVIAL IN THE WORKING 
WORLD. M.. Lind. Goldllmmer, Af-
flrmetl"e Action Coordlnetor In 5.0 .. 
conduct •• limine, on how women er. 
faring in the world of wo,k, 
dlecrlmlnetlon th.y .ncounter. .nd 
whet to do .bout It. Wed. 12-2 pm, Muir 
.pt T.V. Louno • . Sponsored by C.r ... 
PI.nnlng and the Wom.n·. Cent ... 
14/301 

,. UNEMPLOYMENT IN THE LABOR-
MANGEO MARKET ECONOMY: CAN 
MACROECONOMIC POLICY HELP7" 
P,of. John Bonin. UCSD H/L 321. F,I. 
3:00 pm. 14/2111 

Continued from Page 5 
Center, most people admitted a very limited 
experience . Well over half the respondents had 
not attended any of the opening ceremonies, but I 
found that those who did had some definite 
feelings . Aside from timing (opening ceremonies 
were during the 9th week of classes last quarter), 
the seating in the auditorium came under the 
heaviest attack, followed by acoustics and 
lighting. As many of these sorts of comments have 
been ai red in pri nt already, I'll spare you 
gruesome details of accounts of seating com-
plaints, and other unpleasant technical problems 
that seem to keep cropping up . 

events were best suited to the design of the 
auditorium drew only the vaguest of responses . 
There were some stray comments from people 
who had taken tests in there, ranging from "The 
desks are too small" to "The lights are too dim ." 
There were, of course, some stray answers from 
the positive side also . One person emphatically 
proclaimed that it " performed a useful function", 
while seven people agreed that " it has potential" . 

Digressions aside, I asked if they had any plans 
to attend an event at the Center in the future . "Oh 
sure''- and "Oh yes" came through about 60% of 
the time, while the rest of the sample responded 
with a "Maybe ." One die-har~ , however, flatly. 
refused to ever set foot in the plaEe again . 

As I said before, most people had only a limited 
experience with the Mandeville Center, so that I 
finally discarded the questions that invited them 
to be more specific. Questions about what kind of 

Just for the hell of it, I asked people if they 
would ask any questions about the Mandeville 
Center that I had not asked. I was surprised to 
count no less than 23 persons (about 20 % ) who 
would have asked essentially the same question : 
"Was it worth the expense?" Not surprising, 
however, was the vote of these economic-minded 
people overwhelmingly in favor of "No t". Another 
question came from a gentleman who seemed to 
know what he was talking about. "Are the 
technical innovations utilized to their fullest 
extent," was the way he put it, and his answer was 
likewise "No". 

Support TT 
Ad vertlsers 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

UNWANTED 
PREGNANCY? 

[J:!]@@@l [}{]@~~ D ~@~~ 
~~@a<9)<9) '11 ~ 

FACTORY BAKED AUTO PAINTING 
BODY AND FENDER REPAIRING 
_ PEARL STREET 

LA CALlF. 1:IID7 8-2111 

Custom Stone Setting 

RingSizing and Repairwo,k 
at ,easohable prices 

)€w€l€RS WORkShOp 
1143 c"mlno ocl m3Q 

Ot' 1 mAli . c~lIr . 

Sunday EPISCOPAL 
Services I n Area 

ucso EPISCOPALIANS 12:30 It 
Unlv. lutheran Ch. 
_ II JoIII Shor .. 0,. 
Fr. Joe.ph Young ph. 412.14 
0000 SAMARITAN Im"ta It 

Sch.1 
2140 S.d.rblom. U nl".,..lty City 
• end to ' .m. (S.I .--.II._I 
ST. JAMES BY·THE-SEA 
743 PrOlplct St. II JollI 
7:30 ..... S .... II ... I & 11 
ST. P£T£R" 
1 P.rI.h line. 0.1 Mer 
.." • .• . -•• 11 ,.11 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon .-Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 
Women's 

Medical Clinic 



PqelJ Triton Time. 

--..-.+--------:.....--Advertisements for Ourselves 

One twin bed, gOOd condition. .... 
" ... l412li 

72 v ... Pa .... m VI. Mult .... ~ 
Can lob It ..... 141211 

New T." SR'-.. We o.n ..... any lilted 
QuicIl Delivery. 2 ,.r guarant_. _____ (eII1 

A very toOd Vaahlca 1~ MAT 0 twin 
lena ,.,... 0...... 12110 "I with tripOd 
and __ rolla of film . ... Tony'" 
,., 1_1141211 

Proerllmmabl. Calculator: HP_ like 
_.ltlll under orglglnal w.rllnty. MOO 
or beat off.r. Dave 715-3103 ,4/211 

14 In. 14._ Mags with tlra in llood 
condition .. or beat offer 412·1327 
.fter .:00 '4/211 

U.S . Dlvs,. n .2 cu. ft. Aluminum ank. 
DOT 3/72. V.I .P. 10/74. $iii) firm. Tioll. J -
41 or P.ul. 462-_ _ ,4/21 

7 ft. H.n •• n surfboerd. exc.1 condition. 
$70_ Jim 463-6n ... ,"/28' 

Wilton T-2000 T.nni. R.qu.t $20 B.rry 
.......a32 eft.r 1:00 Decron Sleepinll Bell 
.25., .. /28, 

70 Ford V.n •• t.reo. m.g •• c.rpets. b.d 
.191&. 270-4133 or 27 ...... ' .. /301 

'70 Ply. Du.t.r. excell.nt condition. 
good tir ••• new battery & ' .Iternetor. 
.12110 463-T.IIiI'''/251 

Dodg. D.rt ·160t. .utometic trsn-
• mission. .ir. r.dio. 270 V-8. Ne.d. 
v.lv. job . • 100 or belt off.r. De, 462-
2f172. Night 463-0949. , .. /30, 

Small v.ry fri.ndly dOli n .. d. you. I'm 
movinll .nd c.n·t k .. p him. Fr .. to 
good hom. 488-8695 or 262 __ ; L.wi. 
'''/301 

Six ten inch J.n •• n .p •• k.,. in 
homemade c.binet for guitar '.Iectric) 
• mplification. ___ • Lawl. ,"/30) 

1963 J •• P Welloneer . .. wh .. 1 driv • • 11 
tir.. ' Sup.r B.j. .quipp.d pow.r 
winch .• xtra • . Will 110 .nywh.r •• 12.500 
753-3272 ,"/25' 

69 MGB. n_ peint job at .. 1 rediels 
$1800 or best off.r. 436-6911 ,"/25) 

Girl's Schwinn Surburen 10 .pd good 
condo $40. 464-8234 Jen., .. /25) 

BMW 2002.1919. Sunroof. AM / FM /SW. 
n.w .hock •• n.w M ich.lin tir ••. • xtr.sl 
$2360 Tom 488-8469 .V.'. (4/28) 
Bicycl • • 25" m.n. motob.c.ne mir.II •• 
.xc.lI.nt condition .xtr".12O. Ron 273-
8668, .. /25, 

Gib.on P.A. Sy.tem ,GPA-36) 36 w.tta 
R.M.S . output per chenn.l . .. ch.nnels 
•• ch w lown rev.rb unit 2 s pe.k.r 
column. 47" all. .illht Gib.on 8" 
sp •• k.r. $300 Bob 2~51'" '''/28) 

1968 Plymouth Ro.drunner .900. 
EI.ctrlc IBM Typ.writer $225. m -7834 
' p4/25) 

18 Ford Feirlene. $800. c.1I M.rco 462-
0417, .. / 25' 

Solid o.k upri ~ht plena wI mirror. 
bench. ov.r 50 veer. old; very lIood 
condition. $299. Y~u move .nd tune. 
462-8175. '4/28' 

pers~nals 
. 

1. 2. 3 . ... 5.6. 7. 8 9. 10. 11 . 12.13. 14. 15. 
16. 17. 18. 19. 20. 21 1 H.ppv big on. to mv 
be.rl Lov. M.c ,"/25) 

T.I.llr.ph .. . T.lephon . ... T.1I . -terrlll .. 
(4 /25) 

Blu. ey.d Gov' I won' t I •• v. vou l Why 
notl Aw. sh •• t on r ••. 'cos I iov.· vou l 
Pallen ' .. /25 

REVEW. ,ou com_" of nothing to 
do. Well. nellt MoncIe, 14/211 w. 
provlda for VOU an .tmOSphere for 
DANCING '.nd • pl8c.'. Come to the 
lida 0_ .nd ..". • gOCNI time. (1:30 
to 11:011 pm ·,4/211 

B.D. Iu,. iliad we'lI be .... 1IborII next 
,_I K .... UP the atu"" Thla Ia lult to 
NY thank. for ,our wonderful friend-
shlpl C.G. I"/2I1 

Would the perllOn who wrote to 
DEVINE .... week ..... Identify 
himself 10 that I o.n fix whatev.r I 
broke. ,4/211 

TerrI.lntmecl voneybal M-w 10-11. w.nt 
to _ H.nk Sat. or 110 .. lIIng Sundavl 
Call Eddl ...... (4/211 

DB Dlltractlon: Physics II fun. but 
vou·,. no. 1 Lov •• CC '''/211 

AI: Vou put the p.dlock of love on the 
chain of mv hMrt. D.n , .. /251 

Erin -- You Ir. hop.lft.lv middl. cl •••. 
When 'ou w.r. thrlt_n. did you know 
how to ne.tvl FZ , .. /21, 

Surf Nazi. -- Th. T.ddv B .. r died for 
your .in • . Muirh •• d. , .. /251 

JOHN MACKILL. D.r. you IMv. your 
world of sh.lt.r end.acuritv for. world 
of wild. m.$! p ••• ionat •. unr •• tr.in.d 
lov.n Think it ov.r .nd r.plv in the TT. 
ZELDA , .. /251 

BRIAN DAVIS. If you come .nd vi.it 
'n. in the offic •• I'll I.t you .it in my 
swiv.1 ch.ir. , .. /251 

W.nt.d: Len • . Anvbodv knowinll who 
• h. i. or abl. to provide .n .d.qu.t. 
d •• cription. p".'. contect . .. . , .. /251 

M.rle "TIGHTBUNS" L.fton . . Wh.r • 
hev. you b •• n 1 BoBo , .. /251 

Scott from B. I'm not . urpri •• d ll Ker.n 
from C. ,4/25' 

Miche.1 -- Conllretulation. on ec-
c.pt.nc. to M.d. Schooll Th. whol. 
suit. (ov •• you & wi.h •• you the be .. 
.Iwa, • . Sophie '''/25) 

J - Th.nk. for moth.rinll m. durlnll mv 
iIIn •••. W.I'II di.cu •• it. littl. bit now. 
but t.lk .boJlt it lat.r. Barb , .. /251 

Mardi - To the oth.r m.mb.r of the 
ov.r.lI. - for.v.r club. I cem. throullh 
with my promi •• 1 B.rbi. , .. /251-

" Kinij Sn.dlv" do you h.v. b •• r can. 
bv the .am. namel Phone AI.n at 3617. 
Cash. '1'4/251 

To l.S . • nd L.Y. of R-13: Onc •• lIain the 
dyn.mic duo ha. t.k.n it upon 
th.ms.lves to throw .noth.r poor 
UCSD stud.nt out of the .pt. K •• p up 
the good work. I would hat. to b. h.r 
position. Signed a good s.m.ritan 
, .. /251 

Dodll.r •• r. Gr •• t -- , .. /251 

Lon. Hu.tling with you is • dre.m com. 
tru.1 Gu.ss Who ,"/25) 

Hi. Mv nam.·. St.v. C . • nd I ju.t w.nt 
to t.lk . , .. /251 

TINA - Happv Birthd.yl I still .ay 
your',. not bad for. fi,.t ba •• man 'or 
i. it b ••• wom.nl, Nin.t.nnl J.er 
Lou i ••. Love. David. ,"/251 

G.t your t •• th into .om.thinll juicvl 
Th. Food CooP. BI.k. H.II (n.xt to the 
Ic. ,..m Hu.tl.rll0-4 d.llv 'pl/SI 

Stud.nts n •• d a.. vrll.niz.d voic • . 
Vat. for the Coop in tha r.f.r.ndum 
," /281 

D(AMOND Girl. you sur. do shin . .... 1 
wish you were mlO . .... Orion (4 /251 

T,na Mav your w.termellon vi.ld 
Incr.as. w ith ev.ry year. Happy Bir-
thd.y. DFIEB (4/251 

Marv Happy 20th B,nhdav Ch,n up & 
don't worry about how bIg your PTes.nt 
WIll be If vou' re uncooperativa b B 
(4/251 

M.llle. H.pp, 20th Blrthda,. K11 Glad to 
hev. ,ou .board. Love RB. JK. EF. JH. 
CD. OH. RB. JO. JD. JB. KV; JV.'4/251 

Moon.haIIow: I can't w.lt for our flrat 
w .. kend t"ether. It will be apeclal. 
Lot. of Lov. Aurorll (4/211 

DMr Peter Pre-Med.nd Troll it A with 
f.clal , fungu.; Do ,our .e.-lIve. 
raaemble .ntlbondln.1 Corne up and 
_ u. IOmltlme •• nd _'11 put vou in • 
sute of I_er _rll'. The Blank Slaters 
(4/251 

FRANCOISE - Thanx. ,our c.rd c.m •• t 
the right tim. --- Ravell. i. suffocetlng 
me. If yOU want mora than • 
monoIOllu.. IIlve m. ,our box no. -
Stave ,4/211 

Who ha •• n, ticket. for " "SPARKS·· 
L.A. CONCERT? W. w.nt th.m 
d •• p.ret.I,. Cail J.n or M.rta 462-1 • . 
, .. /251 

N.ed rider. to San Jo ••• nd South B.y 
Ar .. April 25. M.rk 270-5119. ,"/231 

N •• d subj.ct. for liat.ning .xp.rim.nt 
$2/ hr. Cell 7!i6-7703 .ft.r 5 - .nytim. 
w.ek.nd. 'p4/251 

Students int.r •• t.d in w •• klv 
di.cu •• ing what God'. Word "v. to 
,).ch p.rson. No .xp.ri.nc. n.c .... rv. 
Cont.ct D.nni. McF.dd.n 462-9806 
, .. /281 

Blown or tir.d VW .nllin ••. No. 31 hp. 
Remova( from vehicl. .nd pickup 
.v.il.bl • . Bob 431-0890 .ve •. til 11 :00 
'p4/251 

N •• d rid. to Cal Poly. San Luis Obi.po 
er •• Apr. 25 r.turn Apr. 27. Shere II.' 
• nd drivinll. Kim 462-991'. ,4/251 

Full Wet Suit - ,Spid.r or Lonll John & 
J.cketl M.dium '5'10"; 110 Ib • . 1 Cail 
P.trick at 452-3793 (dram. dept. Ida,. Or 
488-2046 nit.s , .. /281 

Will buy tick.ts to M.rcu •• -Mill.t 
di.cu •• ion tonillht. Cail D.vid 756-2124. 
' .. /251 

SITUATION FOR 
ENGLISHILITERATORE MAJOR . 
ENGLISH TUTORING for ori.nal f.-
mal • . Time in the morning hom. - 486-
0743 offic. - 280-5681 ,Stzi.' ,p4/251 

SelF PACE PSYCH 1.. handout from 
"'.st y •• r. 462-9713 , .. /25, 

Hav. two s •• t. for John D.nv.r 
conc.rt. M.v 6. Now n .. d thr ••. 
Anvone in r ••• rs.· .itu.tionl Call Jan • • 
day. 462-2895. ev.ninll'1i8O-53IO. 'p4/281 

T.ach.,. in all .ubj.ct. for .umm.r 
s ••• ion .t .m.1I cr.etive prlv.t. school 
in Sol.na B •• ch. Mu.t h.v •• t I.e.t a 
B.A. Cont.ct ISA. 481-0700. '116/51 

N.ed rid. to H.rbi. H.ncock Fri. 4/25 -
from Encinit •• - C.II 4JI..!iI97 - Neil 
' .. /251 

housing 
BiolollV or Chemistry IIr.duat •• tudent. 
• ith.r sex. want.d to find .nd .her. 
qu.rt.rs with f.mal. IIr.d S.lk-ITE. 463-
.. 100 Ex 287. 'p4/251 

Hous.mat •• M or F. own room Mfi/mo 
Priv.t. Entr.nc •• Aero •• from B.y in 
P.cific Bch. 3m Rivi.r. Dr. , .. /251 

$25 REWARD Lookinll for 3.. Bd • . 
hou •• in D.I Mer for the next .chool 
v •• r. If h.v •• CCft. to .uch a hou ••. 
Stav.462-..... , .. /251 

1 more roo met •. sh.r •• pt. in P.cific 
B.ach $84 plu. utI. Jim .nytim. 274· 
1039 ' .. /281 

APT Bord Roc Ar.a . own b.droom $100 
month $30 securotv ag. 18-24 ev.ilable 
Jun.9 Debbie Or J,m 459-7048 '4/~1 

4th ColI.qe J, . n •• ds Roommet. lor 
Fell 75 on 0 1 off campu • . F.male onlv 
463-9621 

• 

W.nud to Rent: 3 or .. bedroom D.I 
M.r hou.. for lapt. 71. Cookl. or 
ArI_: 412-". '4/251 

W.nted: Summer .ublet for doctor .nd 
femlly near ScriPP' Clinic. PI_ cell 
411-.1' ,p4/21' 

Fernele roomrnet. naecled Immed. In 2 
bdr. t_nhou .. ept. nMr UCSD. POOl. 
.. una. lI.rden. lOrry no pats tIII/mo. 
413-&11111/21 

M or F roomm.tft needed. June 11-
September 11. Own room in con-
dominium; close to bu.. shopping 
UCSD; Pool. C .IO plu. utillti ... Scott 
...., or 412-1". Kelly 413-1774,4/301 

W.nted rnal. houaemet. for D.I M.r 
It.. horn.. Own room. C .IO. Prefer 
'Hr-round ,..ldent.7I5-:.43. av.nlnll'. 
i4/211 

Wented: Room or hou •• in La Joli. 
Shor •• or 0.1 M.r. Doull. __ 34311 '''/211 

FOR RENT: 3 rm hou •• acro .. at from 
Moonlight Bch. O.r.II" Superb vi_ of 
bch. Availabl. M., 18. 221 .. th St. En-
cina •.• 220. 4&8-"701 , .. /301 

M roomm.t. n •• d.d Jun 15·S.pt 15 
Fur. 2 bdrm. in LJVA c.1I Rov 462-9123. 
or John 462-9731 for d.t.lIs. Rov Okuda 
CH 83747124 ''' /251 

Hous.met. N •• d.d Imm.diat.ly l 
Private Room. full kitch.n. pool. Shere 
with M & F I.w stud.nts. 1 mil. from 
UCSD. 100 1/3 utiliti ••. Evngs. Miki Or 
Eric. 463-8638 '4/251 

Condominium for rent. Room for .. ·5 
p.ople. two cer lI.r.II • • p.tio. 214 b.th. 
furni.hed . Av.iI.bl. Jun. 15·S.pt 15. 
Sh.lby 462-8991(5/51 

2 Hou •• m.te •• M or F. own room .90 
•• ch . Includ.. uti I. C.bl TV . 
N.w.pep.rs. Tel.phone. CI.iTemont -
Big V.rd. Quiet. Bu •• Shoppinll. 3 Mo • . 
Min. Aft.r 5. 271-09&0 A.k for R.n-
d' .'''/281 

Wanted-3 or4 b.drm. hou •• in 0.1 Mer. 
P.B .. O.B. or Solan. Beach. R.ed, to 
move in June or S.pt. 412 .... 7 Sue or 
W.nd,.' .. /251 

servIces 

LEARN TO FLY - low •• t rat •• in S .D . 
.r... L .. rn with .n EXPERIENCED 
INSTRUCTOR . not • moon IIl1htlnll 
"lider pilot. M.rk Banzhof 224-0178. 
' .. / 301 

WEEDS PULLED. IIround cl.er.d .nd 
cultiv.ted fo'r VEGETABLE OARIJEIliS. 
Expert pruning .nd trlmminll of .hrub • • 
hedlla. and tr .... Dilllling. AI m-3520 
" 5/51 

Summ.r work back Ea.t. Earn $2431. 
C.II4&8-0181. 'S/SI 

RESEARCH AIDS - North AIJI.rica·. 
lerll •• t s.rvic • . For cet.lollu •• end $2 
to: E ... y S.rvic... P.O. Box 1218. 
Nlagre F.II •• N.Y. 14302. Also. c.mpu. 
r.pr ••• nt.tiv •• r.quir.d . Pl •••• writ • . 
"16-316-1649. ,pl/61 

Guy. .nd G.I.: is your hairbru.h 
w.arinll outl N •• d • n.w on. th.t will 
outl •• t .11 oth.r.l Try • Fuller bo.r 
bri.tI. hairbru.h this tim • . 10 p.rc.nt 
stud.nt di.cou"t. For Fuller Brush 
S.rvice call 464-1649 or 4&8-7376. '''/211 

Germ.n in Germanyl Com. to Berlitz 
Cololln. to " Liv •• nd L •• rn" G.rm.n: 2 
full w •• k. b.llinninll Julv 21 .nd 
August ... 10 hour. a d.y with n.tiv. 
apMk.,.. No mora th.n 5 in on. IIroup. 
Tou,. of the citv includ.d. Writ. B.rlitz 
School of L.nu.lI.a. Koln. CIO B.lind • 
Brav. 5 Koln 1. HolI.nzoliernrinll 39-41 . 
W •• t Oerm.nv , .. /21' 

TYPIST.F •• t .. Startinll46c p.r pall • . Call 
R.ch.1 .t 463-8272. , .. /281 

HAIRCUTS on c.mpu. bV a 
prof ••• ion.1. $5/cut. C.II M.rlli. 462-
!M85 on 8th floor Tioll • . H-. '4/251 

YOUR RESUME p.rson.lIv pr.p.red & 
distribut.d to ov.r 1.000 .mplov.r. in 
Your fi.ldl L ••• than 3 c.nt. per .m-
plover lor total •• rvlc.1 Fr •• Ina. Wlrt. 
RESPONSE RESUME AIDS. Box 82943-
14.12. San Diego. CA 82131 '4 /281 

Ilost & found I 
BI.ck broefcase found at Scropps P ,ck 
up TT offlc. (4/251 

Friday. April 25 . 1975 

LOST; C.I.ndar Tim.x w.tch with 
broken maul wriatband. If found. call 
Brian 412-11171 ,4/211 

Found: D.ntal r.t.iner out.ide R.v.lI. 
Raldent D •• n offic.. PIck up thar • . 
,4/251 

Mik. Anderean - Vour baseb.1I IIlove i. 
In the TT offlc • . '4/251 

LOST; .. ,22 in Econ 117 cl ... VSB _ 
Y.llow unbrllll.. Clelm in TT offlc • . 
, .. /251 

FOUND - No .. in Nav. River. Contact 
the Kremlin for return -- will not keep 
for Ion • . MI.h. Newton '4/211 

LOST; Bowllnll ball .nd baH in third 
colleg. perklnll lot on 4-1S-7I. 412-1221 
'''/211 

Lo.t - About 8 ke,. on rlnll with IIr .. n 
macr.m. & b •• d - X ..... Ann , .. /211 

Lo.t: Pants .• hirt. S.lko watch. & dorm 
k.v .t La Jolla Shore. on April 1 •. K .. p 
what you want but pi .... return the 
room k.y at an, r •• id.nt D .. n·. offlc. 
Or AI.x. 462-B2. ' .. /251 

Found: L.rll. turquoi.. rinll on Muir 
softball fi.ld''' /19. Indentify at campus 
polic • . , .. /251 

Substanti.1 r.w.rd off·.r.d for in-
formation leadinll to r.turn thr •• 
p.n.ls Ch,n... scr •• n mi •• ing from 
Coast Blvd April 16th 464-8697 ,pS/51 

Found - Biu. M.d. Windb"ek.r in 
Hum. Lib. Aud. on 4-18. Pick-up .t TT 
offic • . '4 /251 

Bulov. Watch. r.cr .. tion lIym " /11 
Miche.I756-3993. ,4/251 

Spiral Not.book (o.t n.er USD 2722. 
Contain. match. Ch.m. .nd Am ••. 
Turn in to TT offic • . ' .. /251 

travel 

MOROCCAN SAFARI comping trip this 
.umm.r. Small IIroup . L,v. with 
wlll.II.", .. w •• k.. .276. Writ. Kim 
Kac.r. 2163A No. Vall., St. Berkel., 
C.lif. 94701 'p4/251 

SOUTH AMERICA & GALAPAGQS 
ISLES 2-4 Month Exp.rl.nc ... low-co.t 

Broc~ure : NEWWORLD 
EDUCATIONAL TRIPS PO BOX 2131 
S.lina • • C • . 13901 'p4/251 

EUROPE-ISRAEl-AFRICA-ORIENT Low 
co.t flight.. toure. the whol. .tud.nt 
bit. At our offIce ov.r 200 FREE non-
com.rclal p.mphl.t.. brochur ••• -- blll 
buck. Nvlnll' ESTC 510 W. Sixth. Suit. 
31. L.A. 90014 ,213'823-2I21,pl/6' 

EUROPE-ISREAL-AFRICA Stud.nt 
flillhta y •• r round. Conact: 
ISCA 
11.7 San Vicente Blvd. No. " 
L.A. Calif. 90049 
T.I: ,2131 821-IiI88. 821-0166 ,pSIS) 

Chart.r & R.gular .irlin. ticket • . Phon. 
. 4&8-4415 Univ.rsity Tr.v.1 22 .. 1 Ave. D. 
Le PI.v • • La Jolla . Ca. 'p4/25) 

JUNE EUROPEAN TRIP : Tr.n-
.portation. hot.I.. .llIhta .. lnll. .om. 
mHI. included. 22 d.,.. B.rllin at 
.1210. K.vln •• tm-1178. ,p4/311' 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE . 
ISRAEL. ORIENT. L_ prlcaa- lon, .nd 
.hort flight. . lImlt.d .p.ce. 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1. 
W .. twood Blvd. LA. 1002412131171-'121 
or .. n -11I2'"I1_ 

SSW Tr.v.1 Offic. - ON CAMPU!i-
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int' l Stud.nt 10. Eur.iI. Ho.t.1 Cerda. 
rrlpplnll M.g.zin.. .tc. UCSD In· 
t.rn.tionel Cent.r 462-0130 11 am-4 pm 
M W F ONLY Clo •• d Tu .. -Thur • . 
IpS/I) 

LOW COST TRAVEl 
u·c ~,,: 0(1('''' 8. SOlllh 

A rl' , •• Ir.,) 
I !,tJf'l \ f'llt( r /.1 ~l ;),jirlf1! 

l\" d'lll If' 
HI' . \. ,·1 .. 'I ('" '.,1 ( (;.1 

:: I 1·1H li Ii '(I 


