
Earl Butz 
and the 
Farmer 

by Mark Woelber 
Earl Butz is not a popular man 

in South Georgia. Peanuts and 
Tobacco are the staple crop and 
Butz wants to cut federal price 
supports. He's cut billions of 
dollars in price supports in the four 
years since he became Secretary 
of Agriculture, and it's earned him 
a reputation as a good Republican. 
Get the hand of bureaucracy out of 
the fann business, he says. 

In south Georgia, this means loss 
of revenue and government 
betrayal. In Escondido, where 
Butz spoke last Friday, it means 
free enterprise. -

Butz headlined the annual 
Farm/City Day luncheon at the 
Serbian Orthodox Monastery (the 

Farm/City Day 
Features Butz 

Secretory of Agriculture Earl 
Butl appeared before a capacity 
crowd of 320 people at Escondido's 
annual Form-City Day luncheon 
Fn dayafternoon . 

Speaking before a m ixed group 
of formers, agri-business mer-
char s and Kiwanis and Chamber 
(If Commerce members, Bu tz 
extolled the vlftues of the former 
ond th e agriculture industry . 

Bu tz called the former the 
bIgges t and most Important 
bUSin essman in the country and 
SOld that the American form has the 
highest per capito investment in its 
worke rs for the entire American 
economy. 

He SOld that formers deserve 
rec ognlt Ion for services rendered 
ond for the ir ded ication. Butz 
osserted that the most important 
bUSiness in the country "is in 
producing food and fiber." 

Butz repeatedly called for the 
rf'duced role of government in 
ognculture . "Formers in Son Diego 
Coun ty know a lot better how to 
run th e/( forms than those who are 
n Washi ngton." 

Butz stated that it is important for 
!he marketplace to be allowed to 
work. He pointed to profit' as the 
lorgest incentive for the former to 
produce what he has nvw. 

Continued on Page 3 

hall has a dance floor, lest you be 
misled). Good humor and free 
enterprise mixed well with chicken 
cordon bleu and rural appetites. 
Everyone laughed at the 
S cretary's jokes-he's a good old 
boy, and a member of the 
President's cabinet to boot. He's 
bound to know a Republican thing 
ortwo. 

The sunburnt chicken rancher at 
my table said, "It's easy to enjoy a 
fcHow's speech when you agree 
With everything he says." I'm sure 

~e reflected a common sentiment 
In the room. 

These are local, almost urban 
farmers in Escondido. They don't 
n ed a FannlCity Day in West 
Texas or Eastern Colorado 
because there isn't a city. City is 
~,here your broker sells your herd; 
It s where you ship your can-
tal upes. 

But E ondido is nearly a suburb 
of an Diego, and the local fanns 
ar small. most well below 300 
aCr s. Th cit encroaches relen-

outinued oa Pale 8 

Students Rally Over 
Tato Rivera Shooting 

by Barry Bovsbow 
Staff Writer 

The shooting of Luis " Tato" 
Rivera by a National City 
Policeman " originated in the 
racist climate surrounding our 
state today," Student Coalition 
Against Racism (SCAR) member 
Gary Rolison told the nearly 125 
students on Muir plaza last Friday 
afternoon. 

Banners drape the Humanities Library building -- contradictory 
opinions? 

The students were gathered for a 
rally protesting Rivera's shooting, 
sponsored by the AD Hoc Com-

Mudslinging Highlights Candidate Forum 
by Sara Lowen 

Community Editor 
Fifteen candidates for the Board 

of Education, City Council and 
Community College Board ap-
peared Wednesday night at a 
candidates' forum in a session that 
included charges and coun-
tercharges as well as discussion of 
local issues. 

Some forty people listened to the 
candidates speak at Martha 
Farnum Elementary School in 
Pacific Beach. 

John Witt , a candidate for Board 
of Education in District A, said he 
felt the board must extablish 
guidelines that students must meet 
before moving on to the next grade. 
Witt, who has received $4,000 from 
teacher unions, denied his op-
ponent's charge that he was bought 
by the teacher interest. 

He pointed to the financial 
support that his opponent, Vernon 

Jell Haro 

formance on the sch001 board. Ridgeway, said, " There are more 
Edmiston said that Camarillo " put important issues in the campaign" 
out untrue information" which said . and talked of the need for tax cuts 
she was against a tax to provide and redirecting the runway at Otay 
playgrounds and playing fields and Mesa. 
in favor of windowless schools. 

Mario Palomino, the challenger 
in District E, said the "school 
system is turning out functional 
illiterates." He agreed with Witt on 
the need to test children before 
promoting them to the next grade. 

Palomino statea that while he 
received $200 from thr; AFT, his 
opponent is supported by ad-
ministrators in the education 
c nter . 

Incumbent Gene French of 
District B and his opponent Boh 
Winn were unable to attt-nd tho 
forum. 

All of the city council candidates 
were present except for Leon 
Williams of District 4 and Lou 
Ridgeway, challenger in District 2. 

Councilwoman Maureen 
O'Connor of District Two referred 
to her conflict with Ridgeway over 
his campaign literature that states 
she missed 50 percent of the City 
Council meetings this year. She 
pointed out that the City Clerk's 
official record shows her missing 
only two of the 18 Cou{lcil 
meetings. 

Ridgeway 's reply to this has 
been that O'Connor missed the 
opening roll call in nine of the 18 

Maureen O'Connor 
Cutting Services 

John Fo~.ers , challenger in 
District 8, emphasized cutting city 
services to balance the city's 
revenue deficit. Flowers also stated 
that he was "diametrically o\>, 
posed to a city income tax." 

Incumbent Jess Haro of District 
8. stated that the Citv Council is 
presently finding ways to get 
more for the tax dollar and " to 
increase the productivity and of 
labor services." 

Jesse Albritten, challenger in 
meetings. 

Referring 
O'Connor 
Hughett, 

District 4, criticized incumbent 
to the Ridgeway- Leon Williams' pro-Black's Beach 
altercation , Ray 
representing Lou Continued on Page 8 

mittee on Chicano Rights (CCR). 
Rivera was shot by police in 

National City after being stopped 
for questioning in connection with 
a purse snatching October 18. 

Featured speakers Fridav in-
cluded Felipe Alcala of CCR, Mike 
Zarate and Rolisen of the SCAR 
Anthony Greenfield of the Black 
Student Union and Yvonne Hayes 
of the UCSD chapter of Young 
Socialist Alliance. 

Demand for Prosecution 
Hayes read a statement from 

Omari Musa, socialist candidate 
for Senate in California : " The as 
yet unidentified killer-cop should 
be fired immediately and 
prosecuted for murder. If this is 
not done, it will give every cop a 
license to kill blacks, Chicanos and 
Puerto Ricans and other minority 
citizens without fear of punish-
ment. 

" The only way we will end police 
brutality is by removing the police 
from the Chicano and black 
communities, and replacing them 
with a security force selected and 
controlled by black and Chicano 
communities themselves," the 
statement concluded. 

According to one of the peakers 
the policeman who shot Rivera wa~ 
taken off patrol duty and given a 
de:;k job. He was later placed 
under susp nsion with pay. 

The Ad Hoc Committee on 
Chicano rights then reiterated its 
demands which are : 1) prosecution 
of the policeman responsible for 
Rivera 's death ; 2) dismissal of 
police chief Liesman; 3) a federal 
investigation for civil rights 
violations; 4 ) the formation of a 
citizen's investigation committee; 
and 5) a grand jury investigation 
over the alleged murder, and ten 
other alleged murders of Chicanos 
by policemen within the past two 
years. _ 

The speakers urged community 
involvement by donating funds, 
signing petitions and volunteering 
time passing out leaflets or doing 
other work to help the protest. 
They urged the listeners to realize 
that " we're all living in danger. 
None of us are safe. " 

Gaston, has received from school 
administrators and the con- Vice-chancellor Saltman Fills Many Shoes 
struction industry. 

Gaston said he felt that teacher 
interests were already adequately 
represented on the board. He said 
it would be inappropriate to add 
Witt to the Board, because," the 
Board decides on wage increases 
and fringe benefits for teachers." 

Teacher Majority 
Matt Camarillo, challenger in 

District 0, said he saw nothing 
wrong with having a majority of 
teachers on the board. Camarillo 
has also received support from 
teacher organizations but he 
maintains his special interest is 
"seeing that my child gets a good 
education. " 

Camarillo emphasized that 
" schools must prepare people for 
all Jobs in society; we an't just 
emphasize college pr paration." 

District D incumbent Dorothea 
Edmiston spoke out agamst th 
possibility of a teacher-dominated 
board and charged Camarillo with 
printing "Ues" about h('r p'r-

by Ran Anbar 
Staff Writer 

Vice-chancellor for Academic 
Affairs, Paul Saltman finds 
himself in the unique position of 
coordinator for graduate and 
undergraduate education at UC 
San Diego. 

Although the Vice-chancellor's 
job is a full time affair, Saltman 
still finds time to continue teaching 
both undergrad and grad classes. 
He is presently teaching Vertibrate 
Zoology I in Third College. In this 
way he keeps in touch with un-
dergraduate education, which he 
feels needs improvement at UCSD 
as well as other colleges. 

Saltman's crusad for many 
years has been to empha ize the 
Importance of und rgraduate 
edu ation, and to bring the quality 
of teaching at th Univ rsity up to 
th same I vel a rear h th reo 

The time of th pur rear h r 
ha pass d, h xplalns. B aus 
of job 'hortages, coli g can now 
'pend th tim I kin' for g d 

researchers who are also good 
teachers, he continued. 

Saltman's goal at UCSD is to see 
good undergraduate teaching as 
well as continued excellence in 
research. 
Coordinate Academic Proce ses 
The Vice-chancellor for 

Academic Affairs is in charge of 
coordinating all academic 
processes at UCSD. Avrum Stroll 
was recently appointed Faculty 
Assistant to the VCAA 
( Vic e/ Cha ncellor-Academic 
Affairs) and will act for Saltman in 
his absence. 

Reporting to Saltman are 
summ r s ssion director and 
assi -tant coordinator of academic 
affirmative action Quelda Wilson 
a si tant vice-chancellor for 
academic p rson 1 Kathleen 
Douthitt. a istant vic han ell or 
for academi rvic Harold 
Tcmm r, omput r c nler dir ctor 
Edward ou rh ran , univ r ity 
librarian Melvin Voi t, a well a 

I tant- han 11 r (or plaMlng 

Werner Lendenmann, Director of 
the Summer Session Quelda 
Wilson, and the Dean of University 
Extension, Martin Chamberlain. 

Also reporting to Saltman are the 
college provosts, the acting dean of 
graduate studies and research and 
the department chairper ons. 

While working as Vice-
chancellor for academic affairs 
Saltman would like to "Satisfy my 
own personal desire to be a fine 
scholar, a fine teacher, and mayb 
even a fine academic leader. That 
is my commitment." 

Saltman h.ls be n very active in 
the teachi~ program for both 
undergraduate and graudate 
tudents. While at University of 

Southern llfornia. he r j ed 
th I U \I \.;1 ~~J' - .~ \.. !;",.~~~ :., 
T a hing" Award, and at UC 0 
rIved th Rev 11 011 ge B t 
'1' cher ward in 1971. 

. provo t at R v 11 
thr ugh Januar 1972. 
contlnu d hi que t to 

onUnued on Pa e 3 



Jo .. H. Tayler 
Edltor-ID-Cblef 

Craig Uchida 
Opinion editor 

Mark Woelber 
MaaaciDItclit .. 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

James G. Sote. 
City editor · 

SataLoweD 
CommUDity editor 

The Triton Times is recognized os the officiol sIudent newspaper by 
the C~mmunicolions Boord of UCSO. Unsigned editorials represent 
the lIiews of the majority of the editorial boord (obolle), and not the 
lIiews of the Unillersity, the Communications Boord or the student 
botly. 

Luis Rivera 
The Idlling of %O-year-old Luis Rivera by a National City policeman, 

who is as yet unidentified, raises serious questions about the use of 
firearms by peace officers. 

The story Is short and uncomplicated. Rivera was stopped for 
questioning In connection with two purse-snatchings that had occurred 
nearby. 

For some reason he ran. He was ordered to stop by the policeman. 
When he did not s';'p, he was shot in the back with the policeD?an's .357 
magnum, a horribly powerful gun that would be better used agamst ta~ks 
than human beings. ., 

The policeman, whose Identity is being shic~d~d b~ hiS department ~n 
the face of widespread public anger over the kilhng, IS presently on paid 
Icave. 

Three very simple questions are raised. 
The first is whether use of the gun at all was warranted. It appears it 

was not - the firearms code of the National City police department in-
dicates that guns should be used only in self-defense, or to protect the 
lives of otbers. "Only," says the report, "as a last resort." 

The second is whether a policeman and his department should take 
responsibility for using the weapons they carry every day, and tbat 
constitute much of their appearance of authority. 

The department fears retribution. 
But outrage in the community, while substantial, has been directed 
productive Iy There is an Ad Hoc Committee on Chicano Rights, 

a group conce~ned over the death of Rivera and other chicanos in 
National City within the past two years. 

Additionally, Rivera's father and friends bave direc~ed thci~ sorrow 
into responsible public statements insisting that the poltceman mvolved 
step forward to lace the public. 

Bui none 01 this kind 01 criticism should justify the covcrup by the 
department of the identity of the man who pulled the trigger. 

or course, it is likely that if his name were released, thcre would be 
threats against him, possible violence. 
, But we would hope he knew that when he took his pledge and was ~s~u~d 
his gleaming, massive ncw gun. U he is ~ot now ab.le to ~ke repon~lb~h!y 
for killing a human being, his next assignment, II he I not put m Jad, 
should be directing traffic in La Jolla. 

The third issue is whether policemen should carry guns as powerful as 
the .357 magnum. Though it may seem silly to argue degrees of 
inhumanity as represented by guns of varying power, it is clear that a 
less powerful weapon - if used to stop an individual rather than to kill him 
- would have just as powerlul an immediate effect without causing the 
kind of permanent damage that is unavoidable with a .357 magnum. 

The National City department, by the way, is the only one in the county 
that is ues such powerful guns. We hope they have learned something 
from the dea th 01 Luis Rivera. 

Free Speech as Treason 
There is a motion on the agenda of the Student Cooperative tonight 

asking that three Coop members be "condemned." 
Their transgression was a letter to the Triton Times asking that the 

election to the Statewide External Affairs Coordinator post of Marco Li 
Maodri and Irma Munoz - which occurred under conditions that were 
surprisingly slovenly, even for the Coop I see TT editorial, Oct. 10] - be 
investigated by the Student Body President's CouncilISBPC]. 

The au thors of the letter had tbe gall to suggest tbat the Student 
Cooperative, and therefore its two representatives to the SBPC, 
University's highest student organ, djd not represent the undergraduate 
students of UCSD. 

The fact that these three students criticized an action of the Coop ap-
parently is considered an inexcusable act of sedition. 

That is, a responsible use of tbe right to free speech is being attacked. 
The Coop's Wagons are again drawn in a circle, closing in a little more , 
excluding a Ie more people. 

We have lorg understood that democratic principles maUer little to 
ideologues wh., have become convinced tbat tbere is but one answer to the 
problems of t Ie world. It is hard to expect individuals who are that 
committed to 'vorry about the will of the majority , or to allow responsible 
dissent among their ranks. 

There are 2 few such illJi"idun!fr il! the Student Cooperative, among 
them the Iranlers and supporters 01 the measure to comdemn the three 
mcmbers. 

But we canBo state strongly enough that the majority of tbe Coop 
should not : loop to support this kind of repressive, totalitarian 
lunalicism. 

The Triton Times II r .. cognlZ .. d by th .. Communlcotlons Boord of UCSD as th .. 
official studenl n .. wspoper. Publ icallon " an Mondoys. W .. dnesdoys and 
F"days during Ih .. re9~lor school year (excepl an oHiclol holidays). Edilorial 
and bus in .... oHlc"s are locoled In 117 Blake Holl on Ihe Reve lle College 
compus, Unlv .. rsily of Caltfornia, Son Diego. 

lelle,. 10 Ihe Ed,lor and opinion columns are welcomed All submISsions 
should be Iyped on a 74·spoce Itne on nonerasable pape'. Th"y should nol 
exceed Ihree page. In lenglh double •• paced The Trllon Times reserves Ih .. 
"9hllo edll submiSSiOns because of space Itmllollon. or style requirements. 

For ed,lo"al, call 452·3466; for bu"ness and dISploy odverllSemenls, coli 
452·3"68. 

.n.c .... Int'S 
Letters to the Editor 

Writer Calls labor letter Oinker 
The best that can be said of 

Steven Brown's letter commending 
the Solar management for its 
handling of the current machinists' 
strike (Triton Times, Oct. 15) is 
that it is misguided. It attempts to 
prejudice readers aga~t the 
striking workers by distorting the 
facts of the present sitUation at 
SolAr and of labor-management 
relations In general. I believe 
Brown's letter to be a real olnker 
and an insult to the workers he 
characterizes as "hoodlwns." 

Brown talks about labor's right 
to strike and management's right 
to " resist the demands of labor" as 
if all this were carried out in a 
separate fajr play with each 
operating from a poSition of equal 
strength. In fact, nothing could be 
further from the truth, as can be 
seen by comparing Solar's assets 
to those of the striking workers . 
Solar is a division of International 
Harvester. whose assets total three 

CalPirg 

billion dollars, further subsidized 
and effectually controlled by J .P. 
Morgan, Inc with assets of tweriy-
six billion dollars (see North Star, 
Sept. '75). Against these asset:!, the 
Solar strikers have neither a strike 
fund, unemployment insurance, 
nor the support of the present-day 
media scapegoat "Blg~bor." 

Brown applauds tne Solar 
management's successful 
recrulbnent of a new, more ef-
ficient "work force" capable of 
out-producing the unionized 
workers, implying that organized 
workers are unproductive, etc. 
Yet if we stop and consider this is 
it ~ore likely that organized 
workers are lazy or that 
IUlOrganized workers are more 
inclined to do anything 
management asks of them? It is 
certainly probable that scabs 
would be less successful In 
pressing grievances than would 
workers associated with a union . . 
Why else would International 

Harvester and so many other 
"multi-national" corporations be 
moving their operations in many 
instances to coWltries where wages 
in the area of fifty cents per hour 
are not Wlcommon? If nothing else, 
such actions by big business 
conf!nn that it is only successful 
union organization that has 
brought workers' in this country up 
from the days of fourteen-hour 
days, seven-day work-weeks and 
minimal wages. 

Allegations contained in Brown's 
letter that strikers have bombed 
and harrassed scabs, etc., are not 
substantiated . Further, his letter 
says nothing of the harassment of 
striking workers by management. 

Reply to n Letter 

The sickest joke of all, however, 
is Brown's allegation that striking 
workers are interfering with the 
right of scabs to work to support 
their families. What about the right 
of the striking workers ,to support 
their families? In many cases 
these workers have labored long 
and hard to reach their present 
positions, only to be relegated to 
the streets because scabs have 
gone in and taken away other 
workers' jobs no matter how tbey 
rationalize their actions. The effect 
of scabbing is invariably to enable 
management to extract more from 
workers in return for less. Perhaps 
worst of all, scabbing such as this 
gives legitimacy to managment 
hopes that a pennanent hardship 
economy-recession, hjgh Wlem-
ployment, plus continued inflation-
-will foster circumstances in which 
hungry workers will undercut each 
other for just this mysterious 
"right to work" for lower wages 
under deteriorating conditions. 

In the Spring Quarter 1975, 2700 
UCSD student signed a petition 
supporting a CaIPIRG refWldable 
fee that would increase their 
present University fees by $1.50 
per quarter. 

In the October 20th issue of the 
Triton Times, CalPIRG was ac-
cused of preying on student 
apathy. The authors of the article 
claimed that the more represen-
tative approach would be to place 
CalPIRG fee cards in the 
registration packets. However, our 
CalPIRG fee cards were not put in 
the fall registration packets and 
will not appear in the winter 
packets. The registrar has made it 
impossible for CalPIRG to collect a 
volWltary fee . In addition, over a 
third of the students never write a 
check of their fees (paid by 
scholarship or grant), so the 
response to the voluntary fee was 
poor. 

In response to the accusation 
that red tape involved with the 
refundable fee would provide a 
useful deterrent against a stud·ent 
asking for his/her money back, 

Don't Ignore 
Brueckner 
Report Lessons 

I thoroughly agree with John 
Taylor that the Brueckner issue 
should be broadened to include 
other University professors. 
However, I do not feel it is so im-
portant that we remember that Dr. 
Brueckner occupies a noted 
position in hjs field of research. If 
UC administrators . are so con-
cerned with the quality of research 
here then this school should not be 
considered a teaching institution. 
Every year, California's 
graduating seniors are fed the 
same type of UC propaganda- "The 
UC system offers you a quality 
education." For those of us who 
ca Mot afford a name school we 
accept these untruths and come to 
UCSD to find out that teaching is 
not the top priority here but rather 
research is number one. In a 
recent news release , UCSD of-
ficials were proudly reporting the 
school's ranking in receiving 
research grants. 

n is too late for change to help 
me as I am a junior. But at least 
save any poor souls for the future 
from having to endure incompetent 
teaching by uncaring professors. 

At this point, I feel that now the 
Science 4B report has been com-
pleted, the administrators will just 
file it away and forget about it. 

JUDY YAMAGATA 

CalPIRG will widely publicize the 
location and time students can pick 
up their rufunds in cash. 
Therefore, any student that 
disagrees with CaIPIRG's aims 
will not be forced to support this 
organization. 

The refundable fee will allow 
CalPIRG to concentrate our efforts 
on research projects rather than 
focusing on collecting money from 
UCSD students 

ALANKREMEN 
SUE STANFIELD 

CAL-PIRG BOARD OF DIREC-
TORS 

D. JOHNS 

Misconceptions Exposed 
by GSU Writer 

As a graduate student (TA) in biology and a GSU member, I strongly 
resent the ietter of Richard Stevens ('IT, 10/22175) . 

It is clear from both the tone and content of his statements that he has 
not yet bothered to lift himself from ignorance by reading t.he GSU ~eport 
which has been available for more than a month. Thus I Will not POlOt out 
his errors one-by·one, but rather expose the basic philosophical 
misconceptions of his letter . . 

One of the prime motivations behind the GSU demands IS th 
detcrioration of undergraduate education at UCSD; there are more tha n 
50 students per TA FTE here - one of the highest r~ti?s in the system .. As 
TA 's we are faced with work loads so heavy that It IS rapidly becomlOg 
impossibll' for us to offer our students the quality education they sought 
by aHending UCSD. It is this quality we seek to restore and preserve. 

[n addition we find our "Lavish subsidies" as Mr. Stevens terms them, 
are one-half or less the salary paid any instructor at UC. Yet the ad-
ministration persists in further increasing our work loads and decreasing 
any satisfaction we get from our jobs by forcing us to bec0n:te less ~f. 
fective teachers. We now, by necessity, must devote less time to 10-
dividual students to compensate for our increased work loads. 

We do not ask for "free money." We ask only to be allowed the dignity 
of teaching effectively and responsibly and to be paid for the duties we 
perform. SINCERELY, 

DAN ROSEN 

Student Interns to 
Revise Program 

by Pierre Bedard 
Staff Writer 

The Student Intern program has 
entered its second year of 
existence " to help the ad-
ministration in a maMer that will 
help the students." 

There are II student ad-
ministrative interns this year, 
each trying to untangle some of the 
bureaucracy each meets in their 
respective positions. Posts run 
from one in the computer center to 
the assistant chancellor's office. 

Interns are paid for 11 hours 
work a week but many find their 
job more time-consuming. All of 
the interns meet every Friday 
morning at 10 to discuss actions 
taken by their respective depar-
tments . 

Most if not all, the interns are 
active in student affairs. For 
example: Ron Green, who works at 
the student center, played an 
active role in fonning the present 
Fourth College government. 

"Makes ThiDgl Definite" 
The interns plan to revise their 

whole program this year to "make 
things more definite." This would 
mean that the jobs and duties of a 
particular office would bedetal1ed. 
Interns feel that the present 
charter is not explicit enough. 

Interns are chosen by the 
unanimous vote of a search 
committee, which is usually 
composed of the administrator the 
intern will work with and the 
student who held that internship 
the year before. 

Monday, October Z7, 1975 

Politics: James G. Soto 

Default in Gotham 
To default or not to default. That is the issue faCing the American city. 

1'm not talking about money specifically (though that cannot be 
discounted entirely) but rather that the American " polis" is facing a 
crisis of credibilitv and value. 

New York, suffering under a series of irresponsible city ad-
ministrations, is on the brink of fiscal collapse, As nearly everyone in a 
position of responsibility attempts to pin the blame on someone else, 
Gotham is also teetering on the brink of moral collapse. 

The monetary policies of New York have been an exercise in daredevil 
acrobatics . Nearly every June in the past decade, there was the very real 
question as to whether the Big Apple could come up with the cash to fund 
its rather extensive and sometimes wasteful programs. 

And every year, the mayor would manage, through State assistance or 
some strained borrowing, to squeeze under the wire on J IUle 30 (the end of 
the fiscal year) to satisfy the legal requirements of budget. 

Long Ago in Gotham 
New York has foreseen its difficulties coming for a long time, yet the 

city fathers did nothing, or worse yet, aggravated the problems. The 
future was mortgaged long ago in Gotham and now New York only serves 
as a lesson to those who would be irresponsible in municipal government. 

Other cities are having similar difficulties . The demographics of the 
American city continue. to change. Costs are spiraling while tax 
revenues either remain stable or decline. The city of San Diego has been 
faced with some of these problems. 

But already the number of people employed by the municipal gover-
nment of San Diego has started to decline, and capitol improvement 
programs are being reduced iQ an attempt to make the smaller ends 
meet. 

In the upcoming general municipal election, the voters of San Diego 
will be involved in some of these decisions in their vote for city council 
and school board seats. 

Voted with Wilson 
The September primary returned Pete Wilson to another four year 

term and next month's election will dete.....une whether the Pete Wilson 
majority on the city council will continue. Depending on how one looks at 
the present council, two or maybe three incumbents have voted with 
Wilson most of the time . Councilmen Williams and Haro, and Coun-
cilwoman Maureen O'Connor face off against three challengers who 
promise to change the status quo. 

[n Leon Wiliams' bid for reelection the odds are that he will not have too 
many problems. Williams has always been popular and he picked up the 
largest vote of any candidate in the primary in all four districts . 

His challenger, Jesse Albritten, though running hard on a campaign on 
increased growth (thus opening up more jobs especially for minorities ) 
has failed to catch fire, and unless there is a significant development by 
next month, Willjams should be reelected easily. 

Councilman Jess Haro, appointed only last year to fill a vacancy, is 
facing John Flowers. Though Haro was only appointed, his incumbency 
will probably be able to carry him over a weak challenge by Flowers. 

The toughest race would seem to be in COWlcilwoman Maureen 
O'Connor's district. The challenger, Lou Ridgeway, ran c;lose four years 
ago, and the overriding issue in the campaign is the attendance record of 
O'CoMor at City Council meetings. 

Ridgeway has accused O'Connor of missing an abnonnal amount of 
Council meetings and O'Connor has retaliated by calling Ridgeway a liar. 

O'Connor has been a popular member of the council among the YOWlg 
and senior citizens and she has received the strong support of the mayor. 
The real question is whether the Ridgeway charges will be taken 
se riously. 

If the three incumbents are re-elected, then the slow growth poliCies of 
Wilson will remain, and at least the city won't have to worry about ex-
panding essential services, and thus expanding the budget and capitol 
outlay, into new areas. 

------------------------

Saltman • •. 
problem of conununicating recent 
important scientific developments 
to the layman, 

Frontiers of Science 
One of his major iMovations at 

UCSD has been the "Frontiers of 
Science" program, specificly 
aimed at bringing non-sclence 
majors up to the frontiers of 
science. 

"We're not asking them to 
memorize formulae," he explained 
in a 1971 interview with Chemical" 
Engineering News. " Rather, we 
ask, 'can you read a newspaper 
story about FDA, the pill, cancer 
or mercury pollution and make an 
analysis of the situation based on 
what you know about science? If 
yo u were to make your choice as a 
voter, how would you vote?' That 
to me is a whole area of science 
that has practically been ignored. It 

Saltman has also appeared on 
many television programs in the 
San Diego and Los Angeles area, 
interpreting biology for the layman 
and has presented several radio 
programs concerning such topics 
as " Science, Philosophy and 
Religion," the need for the creative 
mind and evolution. 

He has also completed 13 half-
hour television films titled 
"Patterns of Life" for National 
Educational Television which are 
now used as teaching aids, 

"To me, a great teacher is the 
person who, being sensitive and 
lOvi ng and creative in the 
discipline in which he is working, 
and actually right on the, ~utting 

edge of the discipline, can bring 
that excitement to freshmen," he 
said. 

SaYiDI"No" 
Saltman has apparently reached 

his goal of being a fine scholar and 
teacher but he still finds himself 
trying to cope with the ad-
ministrative process. 

"To say 'no' to people even 
though they want money for nice 
things is the hardest part of the 
job," he explains. "It's hard to say 
no in the form of a D or an F to a 
student. It's hard to say no ... more 
in an administrative job than in 
any other job." 

Would anybody in his right mind 
really want to be a college ad-
ministrator today? 

"Probably not," Saltman an-
swers. "But I felt it was time to put 
my money where my mouth is, to 
get in there and do the very best [ 
can. I thjnk if I can partiCipate in 
the growth of this place, maybe I 
will have done much more than if I 
had spent my time sucking on a 
pipet. " 

Farm/City . .. 
Butz said rhor rhere is a net of 

112.8 bill ion in form exports, and 
ogriculrural products remain the 
primary source of foreign ex· 
change. 

Speakmg about the rising cos I of 
food 8utz said that the American 
former .s not rhe source of h.ghe:-
p"ces, but rather the m.ddle man 
and organized labor ore ro blame. 
Bull chided AFL·ClO heod George 
Meany for crrtlcizlng soles to 
Russ.an by saying thar increased 
labor costs have been the most 
,mporlon I factor In higher P'lces. 

Poetry Series Opens Wednesday 
The rail New Poetry Series at UC 

San Diego will open this W d· 
nesday with a program of readings 
by author Fielding Dawson. 

The program is the first of five in 
the series which is free and open to 
the public. All readings will be 
given at 4 pm in the formal lounge 
of the Revelle College commons. 

Dawson, 45, is part of the artistic 
movement that had its base at 
Black Mountain College in North 
Carolina during the early 195Os. 
His novels are "Open Road," " The 
Mandalay Dream," " A Great Day 
for a Ballgame," " Elizabeth 
Constantine" and "The Greatest 
Story Every Told." Collections of 
his short stories include "Krazy 
Kat/The Unveiling," " The 
DrearnlThWlder Road" and " The 
Sun Rises into the Sky." Dawson 
has also published the memoirs 
"Franz Kline : An Emotional 
Memoir ," a tribute to the 
American painter and "The Black 
Mountain Book," a story of the 
college. 

Dawson is a frequent contributor 
of essays, literary criticism and 
film reviews to journals in this 
country and abroad. 

Susan Griffin 
Photo: Lynda Koolilh 

Following Dawson will be 
Jackson Mac Low whose work in 
chance and operational modes has 
established him significanUy in the 
international avant garde. He will 

, be reading on Monday, November 
3. 

Kathleen Fraser will read on 
Wednesday November 12. As 
fonner Director of the Poetry 
Center at San Fransicso State, 
Fraser has published a number of 
collections of poetry, the most 
recent being " WhatI Want." 

Susan Griffen, a poet from 
Berkeley whose work has been 
published in "No More Masks" and 
" Rising Tides" will read on 
Wednesday, November 19. She has 

Support 
TT 

Advertisers 

Jackson MacLow 

been reviewed at length in "Ms." 
Magazine and her recent play 
"Voices" won an Emmy Award 
last year. 

Finally, Jerome Rothenberg, 
will read on Monday December 1. 
Rothenberg is no stranger to 

Photo: Gerald Malango 
UCSD, having taught courses here 
a few years ago. His work in ethno 
poetics has resulted in the 
magazine " Alcheringa" which he 
edits with Dennis Tedlock. 
Recently New Directions has 
brought out his " Poland ." 

Persons Needed 
For participation in an Investigation 

of a new soft contact lens. The research 
will require no more time than is 
necessary for proper fitting and 

care of the patient during the 
adaptation per iod. 

For further information and consultation 

please phone 1-272-2211 
Pacific Beach 

Restaurant and Saloon 
6737 La Jolla Blvd. La Jolla 

459-3633 
Lunch: Mon. thru Friday 11 :30 a.m .. 2 :30 
Dinner: Sun. thru Thurs. 5 p.m.· l0 p.m., 

Fri .·Sat. 5 p.m. · l' p.m. 
Sunday Champagne Brunch : 10 a.m. ·2 p.m. 

Happy Hours : Mon.·Fri. 4 p.m.·6 p.m. 
Chris Creasman on guitar 

((Condom. 
"It's llke hundreds 

of tiny fingers 
urging a woman to let go." 

Now you can reach allMll 01 sexual pleasure r ----------- ----..., 
that onI ths unhe--' 01 I Stamford HY8lenica Inc" Dellt. KO· 2 I y mon ago was ""' . 114 Manhatt .... Street I 
A condom doiJeately ribbed to glve 8 woman I Stam/ord. CoIUI. 06904 
gentle urgtng sensations. Yet. wllh 8 shape and I I thI~ the. Ie. a man feel a1mosll1ke he's I Plea .. liCnd me: (Check Box) I 

o .3 sampler pack 0112 Um.lla 
wearing no.hing al ell. lOs I sampler pack of 3 SUm,u I 

Made wtlh a new "nude" latex that transmits I I 
body hea.lnstanlaneously. Stlmulals supremely I Free cal.lo!! ..... 1 wtlh elt'- omer I 
sensitive. Irs anatomically shaped to cling I ~=~:~:::;.~n::. , .... :; .,~~: i 
to.he penis. And 51(·70. a remarkable I 
silicone lubricant works wtlh natural secretions I 0 Check 0 sh 0 M 0 EoclosM 
80 Sllmula 'slldentlftcally pa\lemed ribs I I 
can m4stl8@8 and caress 8 woman effortlossly. I N."", I 

Made by lhe worId's larges t manufacturer 01 I Mdre.. I 
condoms. a miIIlon have already boon sold In I City I 

S~en and France. Orders are shipped In I I 
dillCl'88' packages. Send for your sample today. I 5'.'8. Zip I 

~---------------~ 



rtWHAT'S ON: 10/27 .. 11/2 
• rife ••• 1 OI(~ editor: Wendy Eagle 

I 
\ 

photograph 
A ny event in or around the UC San Diego community is eligible 

for Inclusion in WHA T'S ON. 
Please use the style and format yo" Set below for submissions. 
Turn ihem in either to the student center by 4 pm Thursday, or to 

the Triton Times by 4 pm Frfday. by Frank Commanday 

Monday 
9 am - 5 pm - Law School Meeting. GEORGETOWN LAW SCHOOL reps visiting UCS£?to 

give programs, admissions, financial aide; info; appOintments requested. Career PlaMlng 
& Placement, 412 MC. 

10 am - MeetiDg of the career planning committee. 302 MC . . 
10 am - SemJaar on American cooking for spouses of post-doctoral students. Umverslty 

House, International Center. . . I h 
11 am - Lecture. Dr. Vicente Navarro will speak on, "The Polttlcal Economy of Hea t 

Care in Underdeveloped Countries". Conference R00":l A, 111 Matthews Campu~. 
Noon - MeeUng. Conditioning Club Meeting. Wrestling Room, UCSD Gymnasium. 
1 pm - Christian Prayer Meeting in the Student Center lounge conference r?om. . 
3 pm - Meeting of the Chancellors Advisory Committee on the Handicapped In the 

Disabled Student Center. All students welcome. . 
3 pm - Meeting. Third College academic advising "chat" sessIOn. 412 Matthews Campus, 

R~O~l~'Meeting of the Union of Jewish Students. Students Organizations, Student Center. 
4 pm - Table Tennis Club Meeting. Tentatively scheduled for the Recreation Conference 

Room; Recreation Gym. 
4 pm - Poetry Reading. Revelle Formal Lounge. .. . 
4 pm - Lecture. Dr. Vicente Navarro Will speak on, Econorruc Dep~ndency Amo~~ 

Nations and Its Implications for Health Services in Developed and Developmg Countries. 
2305 H&SS, Muir Campus. 

4 pm - Meeting of The Third College Council. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
4: 30 pm - Meeting. Gymnastics Club Meeting. South Ba Ico~y, UCSD Gym. 
5 - 9 pm - Clinic at the Birth Control Center is open. ApPOintments are necessary. Call 

45~~~~~ --Meeting of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Club in the lounge conference room 
in the Student Center. . . . 

6 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science OrgaruzatlOn 10 the Blake Conference Room. 
6 pm - Athletic Event. Women's volleyball team versus Grossmont College. Grossmont 

College, El Cajon, CA. . S d t 
6:30 pm - Meeting of the UCSD Student Cooperative. North Conference Room, tu en 

c;n~~ _ Meeting of the Gay Students' Association in the Revelle Infonnal Lounge. First 
general meeting of the year - all new members welc.ome. . 

7 pm - Meeting of the Students International MeditatIOn Society. Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7 pm - Meeting. Student Dance Coop Meeting. West Balcony .. UCSD Gym. . 
7:30 pm - Meeting of all Transcendental Meditators. ThiS IS an advanced meeting. 

Revelle Formal Lounge. . 
7: 30 pm - Organizational meeting for all interested students of the 5 & Dime Coffee House. 

5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. . . . 
7:30 pm - Orientation meetings for the Tride~t ChristIan Fellowship, H. L., 1160 and 1166. 
7 :45 pm - Meeting of the Aikido Club. Wresthng Room,YCSD Gym. . 
8 pm - Meeting of the Israeli Dance Club. RecreatIOn Conference Room, RecreatIOn 

G~~~ _ Film sponsored by the Monday Nite Films, pre-Halloween Thriller, "Wait Until 
Dark. " Free 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. 

The Bicycle Shop --IV 
by Fred Boatright 
UCSD Bike Shop 

First off, I apologize for the mi~ -up in the 
maintenance session onouncement lost 
week. This week there is one. Check the 
calendar . 

I' ll conlinue oboul wheels Ihis lime and 
cancentrale mostly on information 
regarding various types. 

As you all know, Ihe majority of people 
ride on the "clincher" type t ire, which is 
basically the l ire & tube setup. Al ong with 
Ihis you probably have steel rims. 

Besides Ihis combination Ihere are alloy 
rims. There are two types of alloy r ims: 
Ihe standard " clincher" alloy and the sa-
ca lled "sew-up" or tubular -- rim . The 
"sew-up " rim tokes a different tire . Th is 
lire is actually one-piece, actually a ,ube 
sewed up inside a tire casing ._ This lire is 
held on the rim by a special glue. 

Most people Ihink Ihese are striClly 

racing tires but they are not. Quite a few 
people on campus commute with them 
because, with the narrOwer profIle 
compounded with a higher pressure, you 
end up with less rolling resistance -- hence 
more speed . . 

There are a few disadvantages. One IS 
the expense and the consequences of 
having flats . There ' is one advantage in 
flats, in thot you stand at the roadside, 
peel-off the flat tire and stretch on a spore. 
This enables you to ride again, rather than 
rol l along on your flat clincher tire . 

There are a couple of rules you can keep 
in mind riding bicycles. With wh ich ever 
tire you ride it can be convenient 10 do the 
following , when riding clinchers, you can 
corry a spore lube, tire irons, wrench (if 
you don' t have quick -release hubs), and a 
pump so when you have a flat you can fix 
it then . 

On the other hand, with sew-up lires, a 
good spore tire and a pump will be all you 
need. 

Tuesday 
9 am - 3 pm - Birth Control Center is open for information and to make appointments. At 

Student Health Center, this service is for students and partners_ . . .. 
10 am - Leeture. Dr. Vicente Navarro will speak on, "The ~oblems and P~lblHbes of 

Breaking with the Underdevelopment of Health - Case Studies: Cuba and China . 2135 
Biology Building, Muir Campus. 

10 -12 - Open Counseling by Esther Salazar & Dick Weber, 701 Matthews Ca~p~. I 
10 am - Want information on the Baha'i Faith? Then you want to be at the fireside. Come 

to De Anza Hall Upstairs Lounge, Fourth College I?orms, Ma~ews Campus. 
11-12 - Walk-In: Open career counseling - JenOi Murray, Dick Weber, 302 M~. 
11 :30 am - Meeting of the Fourth College Pro.gram Board. Matthews RecreatIOn Center. 
Noon - Meeting of Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room,YCSD G~m .. 
Noon - Lecture. Mr. David C. Driver will speak on getting your life 10 balance. Sponsored 

by the Christian Science Organization. On the grass betwe.en Urey H~ll and the Gym. . . 
Noon - Protest Meeting. U.S. Committee for Justice to Latm American Pohtlcal 

Prisoners will sponser a meeting to protest the US visa denial to noted author Hugo Blanco. 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

12 :30 pm - Lunch and informal conversation with Murray Goodman, All are welcome. 
Revelle South Dining Hall. 

1 pm - Christian Prayer Meeting in the Student Center lounge conference room. 
1:30 - 5 pm - Graduate School Meeting. UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFOf.tNIA 

GRADUATE SCHOOL. General information; appointments requested. Career PlaMlng & 
Placement, 412 MC. 

2: 30 pm - Meeting. Chicano Studies Meeting. Quonset Hut, 313. .. .. 
3 pm - Athletic Event. Field hockey team versus San Diego State Uruverslty. MUir Field, 

U~~~ _ Meeting_ Meeting of the Third College Council. North Conference Room, Student 
Center. d 'b' I ' • f 4 pm - Lecture. Dr. Vicente Navarro will speak on, "The Problems an POSSI !tItles 0 
Breaking with the Underdevelopment of H~alth - Case Studies: Chile, Portugal, and 
Present and Future of Spain." 1330 H&SS, Mwr Campus. . 

4 pm - Athletic Event. Badminton team versus Southwestern College. UCSD Mam 
Gymnasium. . 

4 pm - DiscussiolL Harvey Selverston will discuss stress .. Matthews Recreation Center. 
4:30 pm - Meeting of the Revelle Residence Hall Board, In the Blake Conference Room. 

Public welcome. 
4:30 pm - Meeting. Gymnastics Club Meeting. South Balcony, UCSD Gym. . 
6 pm - Meeting. Pep Band Club Meeting. Recreation Conference Room, RecreatIOn 

G~~~ _ Meeting. Asian American Student Alliance Steering Committee meeting. Tioga 
Hall 1102, Muir Campus. . 

6 pm - Meeting. Cheerleaders Club Meeting. Recreation Conference Room, RecreatIOn 

G~~~ _ Meeting. Third College Resident Advisors Meeting. 9254 Regents Road, Apart-
mentA. 

6 pm - Meeting. Dance Workshop Meet!ng. We~t Balcony, UCSD Gym. 
6'30 pm - Meeting. S.P.R.I .C. FoundatIOn Meeting. USB 3070. 
7 'pm - Meeting of the Fourth College FORUM government, Matthews. Rec Center, 711 

MC. The meeting is concerned with how Fourth College student morues are spent on 
campus. FREE information will be exchanged, . 

7 pm - Meeting of Fourth Forum, the Fourt~ College Student Government. The subject of 
budgets will be discussed. Matthews Recreation Center:. . .. . . , 

7 pm - "A Woman Minister Looks at Her Ch.auvlmshc Church, the Rev . PriSCilla 
haplin, 1110 Psychology and Linguistics Bldg., MUIr College. . . 
7:30 pm - Scripture/Prayer Service, sponsored by the UCSD Cathohc CommunIty, at 

University-Community Church. . 
7:30 pm - Meetinlt,of Folk Dance Club. Recreation Conference R~m, Recre~tlOn Gym. 
7:30 pm - Meeting of the U. S. L. A. (uS Committee for Justice to Latin American 

Political Prisoncrs.) H&SS 1330. . 
8 pm - Concert. The Music D partment will sponsor "Atomic Cafe", a presentatIOn of 

experimental music. Madeville Recital Hall. Fre . 
8 pm -- emlnar. Judith Ny~uist, 0 pa~tment?f SUI'gery, U ' D will 'peak on th " neural 

Basis of Pain". Room 1103, BIOlogy Bwldlng, Mwr College. ' . 
8 pm -- Surf club meeting. Anyone wi~hing t? ell o~ bu~ any surf r lated equipment IS 
encoura~ed to bring mOlley or wares to thIS meeting. 1330 HSS 

Wednesday 
10 am - Lecture, Dr. Vicente Navarro will speak on "The Underdevelopment of Health in 

Developed Countries - The Case of Rural and Center City Urban America. " Conference 
Room A, 111 Matthews Campus. 

Noon - Meetiog of the Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, UCSD Gym. 
10 -12 - Open Counseling by Esther Salazar & Dick Weber, 701 MC. 
Noon - Ecumenical Christians meet for prayer, meditation and diSCUSSion, Formal 

Lounge, Revelle College. 
1 pm - Christian Prayer Meeting in the Student Center lounge conference room. 
1 pm - Lecture by Professor Daniel Dishon, University of Tel Aviv on "The Sinai Accord 

and the Future of the AralrIsraeli Conflict" in the Revelle Fonnal Lounge. 
1 pm - Meeting of Calpirg_ Student Organizations, Student Center. 
3 pm - Meeting of the Disabled Student Union in the Disabled Student Center. All 

Students welcome. 
3 pm - Athletic Event. Soccer team versus Tijuana Tech. Muir Field, UCSD. 
3:00 pm to 4:45 pm - Clinic: For couples or individuals seekings information or coun-

selini on sexual matters. Leaders; Dr. Judith Jorgensen and Hugh Pates. Revelle Coun-
selors Office X3490. 

4 pm - ~ture. Dr. Vicente Nevarro will speak on "The Political Sociology of Health and 
Health Care - Class and Race as Determinants of Roles in the Health Sector." 1110 P&L, 
Muir Campus. 

4 pm - Meeting. Table Tennis Club Meeting. Tentatively schedule~ for the Recreation 
Conference Room, Recreation Gym. 

4 -6 pm- Discussion of why "Alice Doesn't" on the national women 's strike day by Fourth 
College women: facuIty, staff, & stUdents. International Center. 

4 :30 pm - Meeting. Gymnastics Club Meeting. South Balcony, UCSD Gym. 
4:30 pm - Athletic Event. Women's Volleyball team versus Mesa College. Mesa College, 

San Diego. 
4:30 pm - Biology Seminar. Dr. Lester Packer of the Department of Physiology-

Anatomy, UC Berkeley, will speak on "Factor Limiting the Life Span of Human Cells in 
Culture" Room 2105, Bonner Hall. 

5 pm - Meeting. Meeting of the Fourth College Forum for Third World Students. North 
Conference Room, Student Center. 

5 -9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. See Monday listing. 
5: 30 pm - Dinner/Discussion Group: Careers in Medicine, Matthews Snack Bar. 
6 pm - Meeting ofthe Triton Wargaming Society. Tioga Hall Room 902. All interested are 

welcome. 
6 pm - Students International Meditation Society presents Maharishi Mahesh Yogi on the 

Merv Griffin show. The show will be aired in the International Center. 
7 pm - Meeting of the UCSD rugby-foothill team in APM 2113. 
7 pm - Discussion. An informal discussion with Lilian Cavaan, astrologist. Matthews 

Recreation Center. 
7 pm - Meeting. Kundalini Yoga meeting. Adaptive Room, UCSD Gym. 

· 7:30 pm - "Prayer in PrinCiple and Practice," Seminar on Basic Christianity, by John 
Huber, University-Community OlUrch. 

7:30 pm - Meeting ofthe Trident Christian Fellowship. North Conference Room, Student 
Center. 

7: 30 pm - Dance Workshop Meeting. North Balcony, UCSD Gym. 
7 :45 pm - Meeting of the Aikido Club. Wrestling Room, UCSD Gym. 
8 pm - Women's Rugby Club Meeting, in the Rec Gym Conference Room. Every and 

anyone welcome. 
S pm - Meeting of the GSU Steering Committee. 1837 Dora Drive, Cardiff. 
B \lffi - Film. Union of Jewish Students is sponsoring the film, "The Fixer" U .S.B. 2622. 
B:30 pm - Music. 5 & Dime's Sing For Your Supper Series featuring talent in observance 

of Alice Doesn't Day. Nancy Hodson, Connie Jeung-Mills, Laura Viveckbronner and 
Elizabeth Chiment. Muir 5 & Dime. Lower Muir Commons , Free. 

Thursday 
gam -5 pm - Career Job Interview •. NATIONAL OCEANOORAPHIC & ATMOSPHERI.C 

ADMINISTRATION (a uniformed service in the U.S. Dept. of Commerce). Seeks BA m 
&ience, Liberal Arts with science for duties alternating between sea and shore. Appts. & 
info at Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. . 

9 am -5 pm - career Job Interviews. BULLOCK'S DEPT. STORES. Any major, degr~e 
for a training program leading to dept. store management and related. Appts. & in-
formation at Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

gam -3 pm - Birth Control Center. See Tuesday listing. 
10 · 12 -Open CounseUng by Esther Salazar & Dick Weber, 701 MC. 
10 :00 am - Lecture. Dr. Vicente Navarro will speak on, "The Political Sociology of Health 

and Health Care-Sex Roles in the Health Sector ... Conference Room A, 111 MC. 
l! am - Seminar on Optical Signal ProceSSing. The speaker will be Dr. Rudee in APM 

room B301. ~ 
Noon - General Meeting, UCSD Staff Association. 1100 Basic Science Building (Gan'en 

Auditorium) . Vice Chancellor 'Clifford Grobstein to speak concerning "The Town Center 
Project. " Everyone welcome. 

Noon - Meeting. Conditioning Club Meeting. Wresmng Room, UCSD Gym. 
Noon - Concert. The Gospel Choir will appear in concert. MC Patio. 
12 : ~O pm - Lunch and infonnal conversation with Daniel Orr, all are welcome. Revelle 

South Dining Hall. 
1 pm - Christian Prayer Meeting in the Student Center lounge conference room. 
2 pm - Third College Compostition Faculty and Teaching Assistant Meeting. 402 MC. 
3 pm - Reception. Meet your provost Pat Ledden. Halloween Goodies . Muir Provost 

Office. 
4· 5 pm - Seminar: Career Planning conducted by Jenni Murray & Dick Weber. Fir~t in 

a series for advanced standing students of Fourth College. Call 452-4350 and ask JeMI for 
more details. . 

4 pm - Catholic mini-retreat, University-Community Church. 
4 pm - Seminar. Small group Bible Study, sponsored by the Trident Christian Fellowship. 

USB 4050 B. 
4 pm - Lecture. Dr. Vicente Navarro will speak on, "The Political Sociology of Health 

and Health Care-The Political and Economic Determinants of the U.S. Health Sector." 2100 
BSB, Medical School, Matthews Campus. _ 

4:30 pm - Athletic Event. Badminton Team vs. Palomar College. Palomar College, San 
Marcos, CA. 

4 pm - Seminar. Dr. Dianne Jacobs, The Salk Institute for Biological Sciences will speak 
On " Lymphocyle Triggering by Bacterial Lipopoysaccharide." Small Seminar Room, Salk 
Institute. 

4 :30 pm - Gymnastics Club Meeting. South Balcony, UCSD Gym. 
5 pm - Meeting. Campus Program Board. Game Room Conference Room, Student Centcr. 
5:30 pm - Meeting. Belly Dance Club Meeting. Recreation Confcrence Room. Rec. Gym. 
5 :30 pm - Meeting. Yoga Club Meeting. Adaptive Room, UCSD Gym. 
6 Pin - Meeting. Muir Outing Club meeting. A. P. M. 2402. 

. 6 pm - Meeting of the Muir outing Club for those intcrest d ill rock climbing, backpacking 
and cross country skiing, APM 2402. 

PageS 

7 pm-Meeting. Fencing Club Meeting. West Balcony, UCSDGym. 
7 pm - Meeting of EAB. Student Organizations, Student Center. 
7:30 pm - Informal meeting with Dr. Vicente Navarro. sponsored by S.A.T.C.H. Inter-

national Center [lining Hall. 
7: 30 pm - Organizational Meeting of the Reader's Theatre : an 0 ganization which orally 

reads and discusses excerps of outstanding literature. North Conference Room, Student 
Center. 

8 pm - Game Night at the 5 & Dime. Here's a chance to meet other game enthusiasts. 
BYO Game. (Backgammon, checkers, bridge, cards, chess, Monopoly, mahjong etc.) Muir 
5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons.. 

Friday 
9 am - Meeting, Student Dance Coop Meeting. North Balcony, UCSD Gym. 
10 am - Meeting of the Interns. Student Organizations, Student Center. 
10 am - Lecture. Dr. Vicente Navarro will speak on, "Summary and Epilogue of the 

Cities - Analysis of Present Strategies for Change and Exploration of Alternatives." 2402 
A.P .M. , Muir Campus. 

11 am - Admissions Committee Meeting. 412 MC. Conference Room 17. 
Noon - Concert. EDNA, The UCSD Student Information Center, will sponsor Squatter's 

Last Rites. Front Gym Steps. Free. 
Noon - Special Event. Second Annual Muir College Pumpkin Drop. Free Pumpkin Seeds, 

Muir Quad. 
I pm - Christian Prayer Meeting in the Student Center lounge conference room. 
1: 15 pm - Lecture. "The Problems and Pitfalls in the Stress Electrocardiogram." Lieb 

Amphitheatre, Hospital of Scripps Clinic. 
2 pm - Lecture by Herbert H. Lipowski, Ph.D., post graduate research bioengineer, 

AMES-Bioengineering Dept, UCSD on the topic "In Vivo Rheology of the Microcirculation" 
2100 Basic Science Building, Matthews Campus. 

2 pm _. Clinic : for individuals desiring information or counseling on the use or abuse of 
alcohol. Leaders: Kathy Naive and Hugh Pates, Revelle Counselors Office X3490. 

4 pm - Meeting. Table Tennis Club meeting. Tentatively scheduled for the Rec. Con-
ference Room, Rec. Gym. 

4 pm - Athletic Event. Women's Volleyball Team vs. Southwestern College. Rec. Gym, 
UCSD. 

4: 30 pm - Happy Hour, Fourth College "Over 21 Gang" Meeting at 302 MC to travel to the 
TGIF held at Surfside (Scripps) for beverages and conversation. If you're over 21, COME ! 

4: 30 pm - Meeting. Gymnastics Club Meeting. South Balcony, UCSD Gym. 
7 pm - Films. The Campus Program Board sponsors a Halloween Extravaganza : an 

evening of horror films starting with the immortal calssic : "Night of the Living Dead" , 
followed by "Vampyr", " Masque of the Red Death", " Invaders from Mars", "The Seven 
Faces of Dr. Lao". Admission is $1. USB 2722. 

7 pm - Meeting of the Campus Crusade in Winzer Commons. Open to all students. 
7 :30 pm - Meeting. Folk Dance Club Meeting. Rec. Conference Room, Rec Gym. 
7: 30 pm - International Club is sponsoring a Halloween Party at the International Center, 

Matthews Campus. Refreshments will be served. Everybody welcome! 
8:30 pm - Dance. Black Science Student's Organization will sponsor a dance. Student 

Center Lounge, Student Center. 

Saturday 
9 am - 3 pm - Workshop. Self Confidence Techniques for Athletes. A one-day seminar for 

coaches, athletes and sports fans . Speakers include area school athletic coaches and 
physical education instructors. Free, but reservations required. For reservations and 
information contact Bob Moss, Physical Education Department, ext. 4032. Recreation 
Gym. 

9 am - Seminar. "The Financial Woman", UCSD Extension survey of investment op-
portunities for women. Wide range of income levels. Dining Room, Revelle Cafeteria. 

9 am - Workshop. "Magic Workshop I ", a one day program for fun. Learn the secrets of 
magic making. Offered by UCSD Extension. Room 2250, H&SS, Muir Campus. 

10 am - Catholic Mass, All Saints Day, University-Community Church. 
10 am - Meeting. Karate Club meeting. UCSD Gym. 
10 am - Meeting. Aikido Club Meeting. Wrestling Room, UCSD Gym. 
10 am - Athletic Event. Women's Volleyball Team vs. Imperial Valley College. Rec. 

Gym,UCSD. 
10 am - Athletic Event. The Women's Swimming Team will participate in the UCLA 

Relays Meet. UCLA, Los Angeles, Ca . 
12 pm - Meeting of the Triton Wargaming Society. Tioga Hall, Room 102, 302,502, 702 and 

902, Muir Campqs. 
1 pm - Athletic Event. Soccer Team vs. Chapman College. Chapman College, Orange Ca. 
4 pm - Athletic Event. Waterpolo Team vs. Los Angeles State University. UCSD Pool. 
7:30 pm & 10 :00 pm - Film. The Campus Progra.m Board sponsors."He,a~ an~ Mi~~. " 

Directed by Peter "selling of the Pentagon" DaVIS, "Hearts and Mmds ' IS a dlsqwetlng 
inquiry into the origins and cost of ~meriean involvement i~ VietNam. An Academy Award 
winner the film was released earlier thiS year., after haVing overcome legal battles. The 
film w~s also awarded best film honors at the Cannes Film Festival. Mandeville 
Auditorium. Admission isS!. 

8 pm - Concert. The UCSD Music Department will sponsor a faculty concert. Mandeville 
Recital Hall. 

8:30 pm - Concert. The renowned rock singer, Maria Muldaur will appear in concert 
sponsored by the Campus Program Board. UCSD Gym: Tickets may be purchased ~t ~he 
Student Center Box Office. Admission : UCSD students In advance $4. General ~dmlsslOn 
$5.50. 

Sunday 
10 :30 am - Workshop. Catholic Student's Mass. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
1 pm -- Bazaar. Artza Poppin Bazaar featuring art displays and sale, a~ a!'t film , a magic 

show, musical groups, and crafts for sale. MandeVille Center. Admlsslon: $1 , UCSD 
students. General Admission : $2. 

3 pm - Meeting of the Chess Club. Student Center Loun&e, StudentCen~t'r . . 
5 pm - Dinner. In conjunction with the Artza Pop pIn Bazaar, a dir ner Will be held, 

featuring a pop concert by the La Jolla Civic/University Symphony. M ~ndev ille Center, 
East Room. Tickets are $15. 

7: 30 pm - Duplicate bridge. Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7:30 pm - Free bridge Ie sons - Revelle informal lounge. 

UNDAY 
Worslup at University- ommunity hurch, 9595 La Jolla Short> Drive 
8:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. - atholi 
10:00 a.m . • Lutheran 
11 :30 a .m. - Episcopal 

6 Pm - Meeting of th Triton Wargaming Society. Tioga Hall, Room 102,302,502,702. and 
002. MUir Campus. 7:00 p.m. "From Humamst to Christian," led by Jeff Byers, in th' I unge of Univcr It ,-Community Church . 



".' 

RiTON ClAssiFiEds 
Classifieds should either be printed or typed on a 3"x :i"card 

(available in Triton Times office) . They may be submitted 
anytime between 9 and noon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The foDowing rates are for 100 spaces - if you use more 
spaces, the rate will double. (lOOspaces- .~; 101 to 200- .~). 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads: students - .2:it 

nonstudents - $1 
Deadlines: 5 pm Friday for Monday; 5 pm Monday for 

Wednesday; 5 pm Wednesday for Friday. 
AnnoWlcements: free . All announcements will rWl in the 

Monday calendar. Deadline for calendar : 5 pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections to listings in the 'Schedule of 

Classes for regular University courses will be charged $1.) 

ItOUSiNG 
Join Ihe fun. Pt. Lama TenniS Club con· 
dominiums 1 & 2 Bdrm S2:l .90()'S32.900. 
Pool . jacuui, saunas. exercise rms. 4 III 
tennis cou rts. security guards. Key Realty 
222-0464 or 224·())67 (10/31) 

Roommale wanted nice 3 Bdr house on south 
side of O.B 30 yds to cliffs . own room S85 ()() 
plus 1/3 utilities 223·7539 (10/31 ) 

Female roommate needed Own room In 3 BD 
APT. 568 .50 UTiL INCL. Janice 452·2004 or 
27().O425. (10/27) 

Two bedroom Mission Beach Apt. Furnished. 
Clean w Iparklng Bayside 5220 Imonth 488· 
t962 (10/27) 

Female roomate wanted own room , fireplace 
S100.00 Mo La Jolla call 459·1004 ask lor 
Fred orStu keep calling ! (10 127) 

Wanted: 1 roommate F or own Bdr In 2 Bdr 
apt in Pacific Beach S95 plus ull. Call Lewis 
al447·3613. (10/29) 

fOR SALE 
Calculator!rHP21 ·$tt8. HP22·5155 . HP25-
$162. SR50A·$91 SR5t ·SI40 . 5 Day delivery. 
Send price ptus 6 percent tax (pref. 
moneyorder) 10 Cheap Calculalor Co. 634 4th 
St. Davis. CA95616 questions call 800·952· 
5252. (11 /26) 

Amazing 1975 Honda CB400F (4 cyls) with 
Just 500 miles · only S1099 . For a deal cat l 
Scoll·453·5036. (10/31) 

Roots shoes-Excellent Condition. Mens sIZe 
8 (Womens Size to) . Best offer above 525 
481 ·0842 (10129) 

Hammocks Ecuadorian 5 In vanous sizes 
ideal for Sleeping like new $10 each call 
anytime 459·7000 (10 127) 

Diving wetsuit panls and jacket excellenl 
condition $30 call LuIS 452·1433 (10127) 

1968 VW Bug good runn ing cond,tion $850 
firm 755-0482 Bitt (10127) 

For sale 12'Slring guitar with case $85 755· 
8726 eves (10 127) 

SALE' ! Turquoise Jewetory WHOLESALE 
PRICES . Catt 455·5671 ask lor Fred custom 
orders also !!! (11 13) 

WANTEd 
WANTED A,rbrush wllh accessofles (not 
neccesarilty compressor) call 273·5344 . ask 
lor John (10 / 27) 

P,antsts and gu ttarlsts Need money? Read 
musIc? Good technIQue? Evenings free for 3 
weeks beginning November 1? Interested In 
plaYing In a production of Camino Real? 
Contac t Ihe Drama Dep t . 452·3791 GOOD 
PAY I (10131) 

For sa le f trar 1e Pamasonlc Cass 90 !'lew but 
must have s( unds for triP to Utah IS MG car 

For sale or Ir e 8 Pan390n lC ca~t:ltt: fiX 
laplng (s teel 109) In lectures 

dear doofe, tylppy unblrthday' may you 
always have.n mple supply of buffalo love. 
J . 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LlFE LEAGUE 
Phone 583-LIFE 24 hrs 

Free cOUDileJjng, study room 
and speakers 

Need extra cash? Paying top dollar for your 
us . Sliver coins minted before t965 . Ken 

45~7924 . (11 126) 

• SERVICES 

Are you adopted? Seeking nalural parents? 
232·6510 or P.O . 33272 SO 921 03 (10131) 

Workshops TBA in old master preparations & 
techniques. Drawing pastet . oilS . still life & 
Itle. Bill 436-0709. (1115) 

People movers . Moving adv ice and 
ass,stance. Very reasonable . Call Jell 272· 
3078. (1 1 126) 

THE WOOD DOVE· A gourmet Natural Foods 
Restaurant . recently opened In Solana 
Beach. 150 Acacia (Next 10 Another Bird ). 
Open I 1·t 1. Dinner from 5·10. Special offer ' 
Fruit Smooth Ie. 45 cents . Oct . 15-Nov. 15. 
Tet 755-5810. 

Do you really feel l ike Sitting up tonight to 
gel thai paper typed Ihat was due last week? 
Let me do It· call Sher279-1418Clalremont. 
(11 126) 

Collegiale research alds· lhousands on file . 
Send '1 lor you r 160 page mal l order catalog. 
Research ASSistance. 11322 Idaho Ave H2()) 
Los AngelesCA 90025 213-4n·8474 (1119) 

Personalized Christmas cards - a Wide 
assortment from very contemporary to 'Very 
traditional. Order early & save 15 percent. 
Call and save both S and footwork 453-0387. 
(10 /29) 

Typing · IBM Correcting Seleclric. Thes,s. 
manuscript · scI. & tech. Expelleneed. Jan · 
X 3194 (SIO) . (10/31) 

Typing· Marilyn would like to type your paper. 
Ihesls. book. She Is expertenced . fast . 
reasonable. and has a correcting IBM. Please 
call heral565-7())0. (10129) 

FLUTE LESSONS·Clas,\;ical Inslruction by 
e)(perienc~ flutist with Eur. & Amer. 
training . Advanced students as well as 
beginners welcome. Develop tone. 
techniQue. & muslcallnlerpretatlon. Leonard 
Fenton·452·92OB (11/7) 

Blues Harmonica lessons 272·8532 (10127) 

Tennos lessons-sludenl rates to $7.501 hr. 
Steve Bassetl (USPTA) 459·3755 (10127) 

TRAVEl 
Europe. Israel. Onent. NY . TGC low·cost 
fitghts A 151 1436 S LaClenega BI. L A 
90035 714·544·9333 or 21 3-652· 2727 (1 I 126) 

Ed Glover! ("Neigh" ) Happy 19 Birthday 
'tomorrow! Have a fantastic yr. Thanks for 
being such a great Iriend . (10127) 
JT·finally you are 21 · now you can run 10 7/11 

on the late nlghls and get mea bottle. Tewes 
(10127) 

Congrats Art and ' potatoe for nol getting 
sucked In theChem M.t. the Bud Man (10 127) 

Dav,d·1 had second thoughts aboul Ihe 
siICllftce. Walt tili I'm legal. Love. Debb,e 
(10/27) 

JT·You Turkey (10127) 

Sue-we took pictures at Grani te springs lasl 
weekend Like to see you again-Steve 582· 
7t69 (10 /27) 

Spencer· your debut was excellenl. May the 
diVine IIghl accompany you 10 g'eater 
herghts. (10 /27) 

J T W T . W.H. mate A .C 0 C. WIShes you a 
happy BD . R R. (10127) 

WhO the helt is BET? .. Ahuva. Kevin. Phil 
and Phil. .. (please) .. .. Thank you (10 127) 

L05T &fooNd 
Whoever lipped off my valuables from the 
cage at Ihe gym. please return whal you can' t 
use. Relurn to TT offtce (10127) 

Lost·A Silver cross pencil wlLGB Initials call 
459·5375 Lynn-give It back you turkey· please 
(10/27) 

Lost·Baseball glove Spalding-Roger Maris if 
seen please cali Mike at 453·8496 or al Muir 
aptsOtt (10 127) 

Losl a light brown swealer In USB 2722 last 
Wed nile please lurn Into TT office (10 /27) 

Losl : 1 tan pair "OP' cord shorts USB bldg. 
10/22 any inlo ' call Alan 755·2543 REWARD 
(10127) 

If someone finds a brass ring with a set of 3 
keys AI I dorm please lurn lhem into Triton 
Times (10 127) 

I need my shoes 10 /24 left in gym brown 
leather crepe soles cali or turn in TT 
REWARD 488-9758 Belh (10127) 

Byron L,lIy I lell my notebook in your car 
while h,tch,ng please return to n office 
thanks. Brad (10 127) 

LOSI Blue three part notebook maybe left In 
P&L 1110 conlact Elien Kaplan 755-7697 
'mmed. (10 /27) 

S3349500~OOO 
UuelailUed 
Scholarships 
Over $33.500,000 unclaimed scholarshi ps, grants, aids, and 
fellowships ranging from $50 to $10,000. Current list of 
t!lese .lources researched and compiled as of Sept. 15, 1975. 

UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHPS 
11275 Massachusetts Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90025 
o I am enclosing $9.95 plus $1 .00 for postage and handling. 

------------------------I PLEASE RUSH YOUR CURRENT LIST OF I 
I UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHIPS SOURCES TO: I I I I Name I I Address_______________ I 
I City State Zip__ I 
I ICaiitorn'8 residents please add 6% sales tax.1 I 

... L. ___________ ~--.............. ~------I 
" . 

Mo .... y. October n.19?S 

Art Vark Balboa Park 
an Artistic Adventure 

by Elizabeth ChimeDt 

I hope that your midterms are 
over, mine aren't. If they are, then 
you might be able to enjoy all the 
neat things that this column will 
tell you about. While I'm still 
pouring over Marine Biology and 
Ibsen, you can begin your artistic 
adventures with a jaunt through 
Balboa Park. I always like to tell 
people to go to Balboa Park, 
mainly because I love to go there 
so much. There's never a lack of 
things to see or people to meet or 
places to go ... 

To get you started, go to the Fine 
Arts Gallery. The guard at the door 
may give you a funny look if you're 
barefooted and rather roguish, but 
the displays are worth it. Through 
November 30 you can view a show 
of Hand Colored Prints by twenty-
six young, established artists. Also 
being displayed is ' a show of 
Delacrolx and the French 
Romantic Prints . The show em-
phasizes the print as a single 
aspect of a major movement that 
simultaneously expressed itself in 
each of the arts. 

While at the park, enjoy a stroll 
through the Botanical Gar-
dens ... the plants there are the kind 
all aspiring indoor gardeners 
wishes were their own. 

Closer to home you can still 
enjoy a taste of some beautiful art 
right in your very own Central 
Library. The California Fibers 
Show will be on display there 
through November 16. The La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art is a 
show of paintings, sculpture and 
environments by artists affiliated 
as faculty or graduate students 
with the UC Irvine during the past 
ten years. 

The galleries that you will find 
lined up along India Street always 

Atomic Cafe: 

prove to contain interesting shows. 
You can see pen and Ink drawings 
by Lois Adler Nelson at the Artists 
Co-operative, and the Triad 
Gallery continues to display some 
beautiful work. 

If you are unable to make it to a 
gallery and prefer to view your art 
in the home, well then, I know just 
where you should go. Before you 
hit the books at the Cluster 
Undergraduate Library on 
Revelle, take a walk around the 
library and if you see a picture that 
you like, the efforts of the Cluster 
staff have made it possible for you 
to check that picture out for the 
whole quarter. Just think, real art 
right in your very own dorm room, 
and it's free . All you need is a 
student ID card and a couple of 
minutes and you'll have your very 
own gallery at home. Be the first 
on your block to get one. 

There are some good plays 
running right now: The Good 
Doctor, by Neil Simon, is now 
showing at the San Diegulto Little 
Theatre in the Del Mar 
Fairgrounds Friday and Saturday 
nights at B:30 pm through 
November B. The play is com· 
posed of a series of sketches 
derived from Chekhov's short 
stories. 

At the Old Globe Theatre in 
Balboa Park is Thorton Wilder's 
Our Town, a play about a small 
New England town. Also in Balboa 
Park at the Cassius Center Stage is 
a drama by Robert Penn Warren 
entitled The Advocate, which 
probes the issues of the Sacco-
Vanzetti trial in the 1920's. 

For those of you into the 
Halloween spirit already, Dracula 
is being presented by the North 
County Community Theatre. Vista 
through November 1. 

It's No Bomb 
The ATOMIC CAFE is off to a new season of informal, experimental 

evenings, tomorrow atB pm in the Mandeville Recital Hall: . 
The Cafe is meant to be an open forum for serious creatIve efforts 10 all 

media. Members of the entire UCSD community as well as the com-
munity at large, are encouraged to participate with experimental or 
traditional works, every other Tuesday of the month. 

Initiated at UCSD by a member of the Music Faculty Jean-Charles 
Francois, the ATOMIC CAFE had its origins in Paris where musicians (j 
the Centre de Musique started a series of evenings at the Vielle Grille, one 
of the first Parisian "Cafe Theatres" of the 'SO·s. 

Everyone welcome to attend as a guest of the CAFE. Refreshments 
will be served. 

Gin fuGUliiAnT 
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 2 

Sift DlHoSlilItl 
AU. IUTS In un.: ...... I .... 4." . 

Tickets Availablt at San Dil.o Civic ", .. tre 
3rd and " 8" Streets" HI,hllnder Min's Storllind 

tor ,nformatlon e.1I 236-&510. 

'Ie yea U'lf4 yNt1l waeUe6 
&ewcdUcg • A.H(. RcuLi.? 

ON SALE SoLUTioN!! 

SONY 
FERRi-CIlROM OU'"ItIIlO F.~-s... 

C-60 

BROU itT TO yOlJ b 

LA JOllA Music 
1128 WAll 

4~9-JJ7~ 
SUPERSCOPE! 

• rl.oll .1 n.~· 

Tritons Still Hopeful After Mesa Loss 
The district championship hopes 

that seemed so strong for the 
Triton badminton team, grew 
weaker last Thursday afternoon, 
as UC San Diego was dropped by 
Mesa College 8-5. in the Main Gym. 

The victory gave Mesa a 4~ 
record and undisputed first place, 
and dropped the Tritons into a 
second place tie with Sout~ 
western, both at 3-1. UCSD is now 

Top UCSD men'l lingle I player 
lorna Ghorpade walbeaten in 
a badminton marathon 
Thursday against Mela 
College. n Photo: Charles Eu 

faced with the unenviable position 
of having to defeat Mesa on the 
road in the final match between the 
two squads, to hold on to a 
championship hope. The Tritons 
must also keep back Southwestern, 
and will get a chance in a 4 pm 
home match tomorrow. 

UCSD's success in badminton 
has been surprising so far, with the 
Tritons coming up with a first and 
second place finishes in their initial 
two years of competition, and are 
in the running again this year. 
" This (the 1975) team has the most 
deoth and balance of any team I've 
ever had." said coach Judy Sweet. 
" They' re also the most com-
petitive." 

In defeating UCSD Thursday, 
Mesa came up with some clutch 
game victories early. The Triton's 
top women's singles player, Liz 
Noll, was barely defeated, 10-12, 12-
10, 9-11. It also took. three games 
for UCSD's number one singles 
man to lose, as Karna Ghorpade 
went down in a marathon, 15-7, 6-
15,I6-lB. 

Mesa went on to sweep the other 
two singles games, and the 4~ 
deficit was too much for the 
Tritons, despite some fine doubles 

·play. 

Candlestlx and Candlz 
Come to Chabad Table 

at Revelle Plaza Mon.+Tues. 

IT'S TIME · THINK ABOUT 
TOMORROW 

School won't last forever. Before you know it -
graduation. You'll be out of the shell and starting off 
on your professional or business career. 

Often, irisn't easy. Always. it costs money. 
And there's nothinelike a little nest-ea to help 

you oyer the early humps. 
That's why - right now - you should be saving 

at friendly La Jolla Federal. We illY the highest interest 
allowed by law - thus assuring that your money 
will grow at lSurprisingly fast clip. 

Your account's insured to $20,(0). And your 
money's available immediately in case of sudden need. 
Start saving for tomorrow - today. At friendly, 
dependabte La Jolla Federal. 

We'lI help you SlY. for a sunny dIy. 

Ia ~ federd 1100 WAll STREET 
,= .. LOM.....,... LA JOLLA 

OIlIer offtceI It 3415 s,.ta Atwt IW., s.. 1IiIIo, 
9131 c-.. .. StIr .. VIIIIY, 7GI leulll ..... 1'"'1, rll.,.., 
2117 ..... tle Awl., c.r.-by.lIIe.s.a 

In order to stay among the 
district leaders, UCSD needs a win 
over Southwestern tomorrow. " We 
were disappointed to lose to 
Mesa," Sweet said, " but we'll be 
more determined next time. We're 
also anxious to play Southwestern, 
and I know we'll be ready for 
them" 

Fi eld Hoc key 
Women Grind 
Out Win 

by Cary Thompson 
Staff Writer 

A much improved UC San Diego 
women's field hockey team fought 
to a tie against Mesa Junior 
College here last Friday. The 
Tritons, playing perhaps their best 
game of the season, showed what a 
week of playing together can do. 

UCSD exhibited improved of-
fensive passing early in the first 
half. As a result, the Tritons 
controlled the ball at Mesa's end of 
the field for the majority of the 
first half. The team let up a little at 
the end first stanza and it hurt, as 
Mesa scored with less that 30 
seconds left to make it 1~ at in-
termission. 

The enthusiasm that has been 
prevalent on the Triton team all 
year, was there when UCSD came 
out to play the second half. The 
Tritons took quick possesion of the 
ball and if the Mesa goalie hadn 't 
made some spectacular saves, 
UCSD might have grabbed a quick 
lead. For the next ten minutes it 
was a see-saw battle with both 
teams playing hard nosed defense. 

Carolyn Moore broke Mesa's bid 
for a shutout with a hard slapshot 
ten minutes into the second half. As 
time ran out, frequent penalties 
hurt late UCSD offensive drives , 
and their chances for victory. 

The defense was led by' Cheryl 
Carton and Judy Irwin as the 
Tritons held Mesa to their lowest 
scoring game this season. Missy 
Tyson was also a standout with her 
exceptional offensive passing. 
Coach Dietle said after the game, 
"We played well today and we are 
all looking forward to the rematch 
with San Diego State ." The big 
ga me against State will .be 
Tuesday at 3:30 on the Muir field. 

Political Cartoonist Needed 
The Triton Times has an 

opening for a savvy political 
cartoonist. If you are an artist, 
confident in your ability to put 
out, and willing to work with the 
Triton Times editorial staff at 
their same high salaries, 
contact John H; Taylor, Mark 
Woelber or Craig Uchida at the 
office in Blake Hall. Bring 
some of your work. 

Page? 

Sports Notebook 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

Surf Club in Action 
Back in action at UC San Diego are the local water men, the ones who 

aren't playing water polo. About 50 of them make up the Surf Club, 12 of 
whom competing on the usually-successful UCSD competition surf team. 
The team is coached by Mike Shand, and last year's captain and this 
year's club president is senior Rick Rodewald. 

"The club and team are young," Rodewald said. " We were made up 
mostly of freshman last year, and we're expecting more freshman out 
this year." 

The team is a member of the Western Intercollegiate Surfing Council, 
which includes UCLA, USC, UCSB, and eight other top surfing schools. 
UCSD is involved in seven contests with the other WISC schools, and also 
makes trips to Mexico, and other areas where they find good surfing. 

"We're at a natural disadvantage because we're a small school, but we 
usually can place about fifth," Rodewald stated. Rodewald regularly 
places high in WISC contests, and picks sophomores Clark Quinn, Doug 
Moonry, and Mark Bishop as some of the team's top surfers. In order to 
find the best 12 competitors, the club holds UCSD contests at Black's 
Beach. " New club members are always welcome," Rodewald said ... 

Basketball coach Barry Cunningham has announced his two new 
assistants. Former Coronado High coach Dick Satterlee will serve as 
varsity assistant, while former Triton player Ron Werft will take Bob 
McCook's place as jun ior varsity coach. 

Cunningham and assistants a ppear to have alot to work with now, as 
practices have already started. A roster list would go something like 
this : Mallory Mitchell, Lyle Smith, Tony Moore, Bill Hoffman, Tlm 
Haynie, Chris Wellington, Lee Brockett, Joe Greestein, Adolf Rosecrans, 
Doug Skidmore, Dave Christopher, Eric Finkle, Peter Volk, Bart 
Bradley, Ken Melvin, Lee Gardner, Scott Hall , and Mark Dobransky. 
Junior college transfers Gary Nash and Gary Dodson are planning to join 
the squad partially into the season .. . 

Just what we need .. .. Ken Keegan, part owner of the San Jose Ear-
thquakes of the North American Soccer League, announced that he has 
purchased the Baltimore Comets and will move them to San Diego for the 
1976 season. Just to keep the record straight, he 'll sell his shares in the 
San Jose team. 

Poor Baltimore is losing teams on nearly a daily basis. Soon after 
finding out that the Comets were being taken awav. the citv was saddened 
to learn that the Baltimore Claws of the American Basketball Association 
were being dissolved. At last count, San Diego is scheduled for eight 
professional teams for the 1976 season .... 

The spring sports at UCSD have been quite hot lately, with at least a 
couple of the teams seemingly headed for championships. Men's soccer, 
women's volleyball, and coed badminton are all at the top of their 
leagues .. .. 

Deadline for the Sports Quiz entries are Wednesday. The first entry 
with a perfect score, or if no one gets them all right, the first with the 
most right will receive tickets to see Julius Erving against the Sails. The 
winner will be announced Monday .... 

In San DiegQ .... The Mariner host the Houston Aeros Thursday night at 
the Sports Arena ..... and the Sails are out of town all week .. .. 

The Triton women's field hockey players, in the dqrk jerseys, 
came up with their best effort of the year in a 1·1 tie Thursday 
afternoon . n Photo: Charles Eu 

... ~ . .. .. ... 



Pale' 

Butz •• 
tlessly with its t:illher tax base, and 
the small fam~e , like the small 
businessman an here, finds it 
harder to resi ; t selling to tract 
developers. The way to make it, 
these farmers ftlel, is to produce at 
capacity for minimum resource 
waste and maximum profit. These 
are not hippie farmers; these are 
businessmen, students of the 4-H 
land reform. So is Bull and they 
know it. 

When Emcee Richard A. Nissen 
introduced Bull as a " supporter of 
the American standard of living," 
the Secretary got a standing 
ovation. He clearly had bedrock 
support. Butz opened his speech by 
describing the evaporation of 
boundaries separating city and 
farm-you really notice this on the 
farm, less in the city. F aced with 
rising prices and government 
restriction, what is the farmer to 
do? " The fanners' of San Diego 
county know more than 
Washington how to run their 
farms." Applause. 

From government d e-control, 
Bull jumped to the need for in-
creased food and fiber export 
(profit), leaving most in the 
audience little time to ponder that 
the original price controls were 
demanded by the farm community 
after hyper-production in the fifties 
led to a food glut and price 
plummet. 

By way of pushing expanded 
export, Butz had to get down on 
George Meany. Labor inef-
ficiencies, said Butz, are 
responsible for most of the inflated 
cost of a loaf of bread, not the sale 
of grain to Russia. 

" I'm not down on labor, " he said. 
" I just want to see an honest day's 
work." There are no unions to 
protect the farmer. " We're in 
business for ourselves." 
Independence. 

When Butz told his Escondido 
audience that the solution to a 
healthy economy is free production 
and a full export program, they 
liked it. This is a bumper year for 
avocado and citrus and eggs as 
well as corn and wheat. What Bull 
says sounds right for the local 
farmer. But applied to agri-
business, these notions lead to 
documented glut, windfall and 
consumer ripoff. The local far-
mer's relationship to his property 
is different than Purina or Inter-
national Harvester' s major 
agribusinesses. The farmer is 
forced to employ these 
organizations for bargaining as his 
legislative influence dwindles with 
urban sprawl. But agri-business 
and "capacity production for 
lowest unit cost" give us con-
sumers 8 ounces of denatured 
breakfast grain for 80 cents with no 
sex vitamins. It 's lot of sugar. 

And it doesn 't come from Cuba. 
What Butz and the farmers want is 
free export, not free economy. 
Food import into the US is strictly 
limited. Butz said Friday that we 
don't need it-except for bananas, 
coffee, cocoa and the like because 
of the power of American food 
producers (and food is the highest 
American export commodity). It 's 
also, much of it, cheaper. 

The policy of selective 
(American) pr ofit incentive is not 
widely re~arded outside our 
national be undaries. Butz didn ' t 
mention it, out it's closely linked to 
the reasons f r American athletes 
being jeered off the victory stand 
this week at t.hp Pan-American 
games in Mexi o. 

Butz did mention his concern 
with pub:ic cynicism toward 
politics (j. ,ke : On cannibal to 
another: . Those politicians are 
tastey, but th y're hell to clean), 
and his criticisms of Senator 
George McGovern 's criticisms of 
him. Applau . McGov rn accuses 
Bulz of failing to pursu a federal 

Bulz did m ntlOn ills concern 
With pubhc cyniCism toward 
pohllcs (joke : On canmbal to 
,moth r : " Thos> politi 'ian~ ar 
tasty. but th y' r h \1 to I an), 
ana hIS CrItl I ms ot 'enator 

George McGovern's criticisms of 
him ("The only place you can pick 
a quarrel with a Democrat these 
days is at O'Hare Airport.") 
Applause. McGovern accuses Butz 
of failing to pursue a federal food 
program. Butz Friday charac-
terized his agricultural policy as 
one of PLENTY. McGovern cites 
the millions of dollars worth of food 
stamps returned to the Depart-
ment of Agriculture and asks 
PLENTY for whom? Other critics 
mention the $150,000 addition to 
Butz's Agriculture dining room for 
"entertainment purposes," and 
" tighten the belt" posturing on a 
$60,000 a year Cabinet salary. _ 

The lWlcheon didn't last long. An 
invocation (how many Bi-
Centennial invocations has Butz 
had to endure by now? ), lunch, 
introductions (brief enough) and 
Butz, an Indiana farm boy, former 
4-H and Kiwanis president. The 
audience accepted the boring 
formalities with equanimity-they 
know how to act. 

The event ended by 1:30, time 
enough for chore~ 

••• 

Earl Butz is not a popular man in 
New Orleans. George Meany and 
the dockworkers will not load the 
grain that Earl wants in Russia. 
They say the Russian grain deal is 
unpatriotic and inflationary. Earl 
Butz and the farmers of Escondido 
call it free enterprise. 

Candidates. • • 
stand and what Albritten termed 
WiUiams' pro-prostitution stand. 

In District Six, where incumbent 
Bob Martinet is stepping down, 
Tom Gade said he thought 
Crescent Bay lands should be 
public. The 41-year old attorney 
emphasized that he is more 
" mature" than his opponent Ray 
Lussa, who is 32. 

Lussa called himself "the only 
candidate with an organized 
position on crime" and spoke of the 
need for an independent analyst to 
analyze the City budget. 

George Walker Smith, District E 
board member for the past twelve 
years, defended the Board's past 
performance, saying, "education 
in San Diego is there for those who 
want it. " Smith stated that San 
Diego has good teachers and many 
San Diego city schools graduates 
go on to college. 

Smith also said that local tax-
payers must be relieved of paying 
62 percent of the tax money to 
educate children. 
" Recent Educational Experience 

Betty Fortier, a candidate for 
Community College, District 0 , 
said " the Board needs someone 
with recent educational ex-
perience." Fortier emphasized the 
need for facilities for vocational 
training and spoke out against a 
"costly" needs questionnaire that 
the Board took. 

r-------------- -_.- --------, 

PSAtells 
UC San Diego to 
buzZ off ~"i,''; 
2.9 times 
a day. 

.. _-------

c.o)CI()"n . 

---' 

The San Diego County Chapter of 
the National Organization for 
Wemen (NOW) will hold a can-
didates' night, featuring can-
didates for City Council, Board of 
Supervisors and Board of 
Education tomorrow at 7:30 pm at 
the San Diego Women's Club, 2557 
Third Avenue. 

City Council candidates for 
District 2, Maureen O'Connor and 
Lou Ridgeway; Board of 
Education candidates for School 
District 0, Dorthea Edmiston and 
Matt Camarillo, and County Board 
of Supervisor candidate Lucille 
Morre will speak and answer 
questions. 

All other candidates on the 
November ballot have been invited 
to meet NOW members 'following 
the speakers' program. 

Career Planning 

" It isn't too early for students to 
begin job planning and hunting," 
and Career Planning and 
Placement (CPP) has scheduled 
on-campus interviews with em-
ployers offering full-time career 
jobs to help students gain an in-
sight into today's job market. 

CPP also has organizations 
scheduled which offer career 
pos itions ranging from 

management to Reserach and 
Design in space systems. 

On October 30, CPP will host the 
National Oceanographic and 
Atmospheric Administration and 
Bullock's Dept. Stores. student: 
concerned about piaMing careers 
can be provided with a variety of 
usable sources by Career PlaMing 
and Placement. 

Student-Faculty Luncbes Begin 
Informal interaction between 

students and faculty is being 
promoted by UC San Diego in the 
form of student faculty lunches. 

Lunches will be held Tuesdays 
and Thursdays at 12:30 in the 
Revelle South Dining Hall. 

Funds for the professors' lunches 
have been allocated by the Revelle 
Program Board and the Vice-
chancellor'S for academic affairs' 
Office. A committee is being 
formed that will administer the 
program and host the lunches. 

In addition to the faculty-student 
lunches, informal groups of 
students may invite a professor to 
lunch. The program will provide 
the lunch and reservations for the 
Revelle south dining hall. 

The first two guests of the 
program will be Murray Goodman 
on October 28 and Daniel Orr on 
October 30, with lunches held at 
12:30 pm. 

ono~Qt9.ft 
- . .-1 0% off all cheeses 

with student 1:0 . 

"3'0 "va'rletles"of"j'm p'o'rt"e'(j"S'e'e'r' 
over 300 types of Cheese 
If you 're throwing a party, come see us-

the closest to campus 
2165 Avenlda De La Playa, La Jolla Shores 459-3921 

-universigz of california, 
san dieg-o 

NOli. 1 
8:30PM 

ILl 
WITH 
S:Pe:CI~l GU€S'T DANNY-OI<€€fE: 

,(3,.A.$~.dt() •• 
CJI[) IT.. $4-,.I()() II)()()[? li.lit)) 

TICKETS: TlCKETRON ~ the UCSD BOX 1F~ - 4-00t) 


