
New Coop Voting: ·Every 
Undergraduate ~ligible 

by Craig Uchida 
Staff Writer 

goal and that it would be "great" 
if students demonstrated an 
interest in certain issues. 

Legislators Vote Favorably 
On Bills Affecting Students 

An majority vote by the 
Student Cooperative Monday 
night overturned the voting and 
membership procedure within the 
organization . 

Coordinators Marco LiMandri 
and Steve Lopez introdvced 
legislation to amend voting 
privileges to include anyone who 
attends a Coop meeting. The 
original procedure called for 
students to attend two out of 
three meetings before they were 
enfranchised . 

After careful and considerable 
deliberation, in which other 
amendments were proposed and 
rejected, the LiMandfi-Lopez 
proposal was accepted . However, 
a provision was attached which 
required attendance at one out of 
three previous meetings in order 
to vote on budgetary matters . 

Prevented Student Partici~tion 

Proponents of the proposal 
argued that open voting would 
enable more students to attend 
and participate in the meetings . It 
wa fel t tha t the " two out of 
three"ru le had prevented student 
participation . An increase in 
tudent input was LiMandri's 

primary concern and he felt that 
thi was a step towards the goal. 

\I\ECHA o-chairperson Irma 
Munoz expressed the belief that 
minority tudents would now 
partl Ipate with the lifting of the 
re triction 

DIS nter) to the proposal , 
however, were worried about the 
pot ntlal power that student 
factions ould obtain . Th 
prevailing question of the 
)keptl wa, " What would 
prevent a number of students 
from u Ing that power to achieve 
J.heir own end ?" The response by 
LiMandri and others was that 
tudent participation would 

Ind ed occur which was their 

I n order to pacify some of the 
dissenters , the provision con-
cerning budgetary matters was 
added by Garrett Gruener. 

After the meeting, Mark Book-
man, director of the student 
center, expressed some concern 
over the new voting procedure 
but was pleased that the 
budgetary provision was in-
corpora ted . 

I 
.J ~ I 

I 
I 

by Maura Dolan 
Sacramento Correspondent 

State legislators recently took 
favorable action on a number of 
measures affecting UC students . 

A bill to make it easier for 
students to co llect unem-
ployment compensation benefits 
c leared an Assembly comm ittee 
Wednesday-after a long battle in 
the subcommittee. 

The Finance, Insurance, and 
Commerce Subcommittee had 
voted only a week earlier to 
advise the full committee to kill 
the bill, which was introduced by 
Democratic Assemblyman Alfred 
Siegler of Napa. But in a meeting 

~ ... 
." 

Groups to Converge 'on 
Overseers Meeting 

uc Sa n Diego minority group , the Communications Student Union 
and the Graduate Student Union, in eparate actions, plan to converge 
today on a meeting of Chancellor McElroy, UC President-Elect David 
axon and the Board of Overseers at 2 pm today in the Chancellor' 
ompl 
Minority group f~el axon i antipathetic to minority tudie 

programs, the CSU is protesting the appointment of amuel Popkin a 
th new coordinator of the Communications program, and the G U is 
reque tlng a meeting With the hancellor to negotiate a list of their 
professional demands. 

In addition, the GSU is holding a rally at 1 pm in Revelle plaza, to 
~how M Elroy, Saxon and the Overseers "that the Graduate Student 
Union mean business and is to be reckoned with ." 

The Board of Overseer advise the Chancellor with input from the 
an Diego Community into the University . Some feel the board 

con I ts mo tly of well-to-do socialites, and see it as a private club of 
privilege 

McElroy, GSU Can't Arrange Meeting 
[Editor'S Note: The following two letters, 

wrttten respectively by Chancellor McElroy and 
the Graduate Students Councd Negotiating 
Committee, deal with a GSU letter published in 
the Tn'ton Times May 14 in which the Union 
asked for a meeting with the ChanceUor to 
discuss four demands: 

--50 percent TA employment or its equivilant 
for every graduate student 

--contracts for the full academic year signed in 
the previous Spring 

--no increase in student-TA workloads; 
workloads to be determined by grads in each 
dt!partment 

--fee waivers for all graduate students; tuilion 
wuive rs for all out-ofstale grads_ 

In the leller, the GSU stated they felt the 
negotiations Jhuuld bef,in by Ma.'V 2 J, because of 
the school.year·s drawtn8 to a close. 

,\.fcElro\'·' feller detads h,s response, und the 
GSC Lt'/lt'!. wllipused MCJllday night at the C;SU 
"'t!t:!trn~, ,JfoU'er:, the respunse . 

:\l'cordtn~ 10 11.1 pvllq., tht' Tn/on Tm,t' . doe:. 
'101 1'1'/11/ let/as Uff the /ront pu/l,e , Hou ,t!ver, 
/J(!C.IIHt! of /he lm"lediale relevuncy oltht: I - lIe.1 
,,"'olL,t!d , the lellers ure here reproduced Tn filII: 

I t is physically impossible for me to make the 
necessary arrangements for a "meet and confer" 
ession with the Graduate Student Union . I'm on 

my way out the door to fly to San Francisco for a 
meeting with The Regents and won't be back In San 
Diego until late Friday afternoon. 

However, it seems to me that the points made in 
your memo have already been fully discussed with 
department chairmen, various administrators, the 
provosts, and the vice-<:hancellors . It sounds as 
though whitt you are seeking is money and that we 
don' t have right now. We have exhau' 'ed all 
prces of funds that I'm aware of unles~ we can 
ronvlnce our Governor and the tate legislators to 
appropriate addi tional support for T A and 
graduat ~tudents In general The Federal govern-
ment appear to be backing away from their 
re~ponslbility along these lines as well 

If you have ome po itlve ugge tlons on how we 
an resolve the problem you mention , I am mo t 

willing to "t down and d,~cu them With you Let 
mt' warn you that my ' chedule lor thl' ne t thr 
w('t'k, " l''(tremt'ly tight iI I will be out 01 town 
May U. through 'un(> 'l. 
I"'-:fl('(i lor) W D MclLRO't 

(o,.tinu~ un P.,e 2 

later that week wi th the sub-
committee chairman , Bob Wilson 
(D-San Diego), Siegler and a UC 
student lobbyi t convinced 
Wilson that the measure was 
needed to protect money-less , 
unemployed students 

Wilson said he had misu'n-
derstood the bill. After rewriting 
it to clarify its meaning, Wilson 
defended Siegler'S bi II to the full 
committee, which voted 
unanimously to approve and send 
it to Ways and Means. 

Currently, an unemployed 
student must indicate a 
willingness to abandon school to 
take a job or to establish that a 
labor market fer the student's 
services exists during out-at-class 
liours . Siegler's bill would create a 
conclusive presumption that such 
a labor market exists . 

A measure to make it easier for 
students to get off the unem-
ployment line and find a Job was 
approved 7{) Wednesday by the 
Senate I ndustrial Relations 
Committee. 

The measure, introduced by 
Sen Robert Presley (D-Riverside) , 
would outlaw discrimination in 
employment on the basis of age . 
The bill will go to the Senate 
floor , where approval is expected . 

The A sembly Committee on 
Education Thursday voted 8-5 to 
open up more slot for tudents in 

California's law schools at regular 
public-college tuition costs-

The measure, If enacted Into 
law, would appropriate funds to 
San FranCISCO's Hasting's Law 
School for the acquisition of San 
Diego's private law school , Cal 
Western The bill would permit 
students to attend Cal Western at 
the much lower cost of tuition 
charged by Hastings. 

More Minority Opportunity 
Supporters for the measure said 

it would prOVide more op-
purtunltles for minority students 
to study law In California. 

The bill , Introd.uced by 
Assemblyman Lawrence Kapiloff 
(D-San Diego), will go to Ways 
and Means for approval. Senator 
George Moscone (D-San Fran-
CI 0) has Introduced an identical 
bill in the senate. 

A bill to require the ' Unlversity 
to provide part-time student 
firefighters With firemen ' s 
compensation benefits sailed 
through the assembly Thursday 
on a unanimous vote of approval. 

The measure introduced by 
Assemblyman EdWin Z'berg (0-
Yolo) , would provide the 22 
student firefighters on the Davis 
campus and the SIX on the Santa 
Cruz campus With medical 
coverage for heart trouble , 
pneumonia and hernia resulting 
from their employment 

Bucks Offered to Disprove 
) 

R'esurrection of Christ 
by James G. Soto 

City Editor 
A member of the UC an Diego 

Campus Crusade for Christ (CCCl 
is offering a cash prize to anyone 
who can disprove, with historical 

vidence, the re urrection of 
Jesus Chn t. 

George Post, CCC taff member 
said in an announcement to the 
UCSD community , " I offer $100 
to any student or professor who 
can historically di prove the 
resurrection of Jesu Christ ." 

Po t aid, "What I am at-
tempting to e tabli h i the 
hi torical reliability of the 
cripture, not its Inspiration ." 

Po t, whose major respon ibility 
at the CCC i to talk to members 
of the UCSD community about 
Christianity, aid that in his talks 
with students around campus, 
many have expres ed disbelief in 
the truth of the scriptures . 

Reliability of the Scriptures 
Post said that in a urvey the 

CCC took last year, it wa 
determined that the majority of 
tudents had not read the New 

Testament in detail , "yet people 
are making conclusions about the 
historicity of the basic nature of 
Jesu Chri t." 

Po t believe no one will be 
able to disprov the hi tOrlcal 
veracity of the crlpture . Once 
student In e tlgate th rel,ablit 
of the cnpture, Po t believe 
they will be I likel to dl pute 
their truth 

He mpha Ized that onl 
hi tOrlcal vld nce will be a -
cep ted In d cldlng th hi tOri al 
truth of the crlptur, not 
philosophICal argument Po t 
,aid that mo t of the ar 'um nt 

he encounter today are from 
tudents who have read recent 

philosophical word . He believe 
one must have an open mind 
when approaching a ubject of 
such con trover y, and use only 
the hi toncal evidence available 

None Will Try 
Post aid that " the cripture 

can e tested by the same cntepa 
that all historical documents are 
tested " In talking to faculty 
m~rr ber on campus , Post 
belle/e that none will try to 
di prove the N w Ie tement' 
hi toncal truth , " I don' t think a 
profe or will tou hit " Post aid 

Po t hop that ome ort of 
religlou Int r twill ome from 

hl~ off r H hop~ · that the 
re pon e will b uch that It will 
lead to a I tur Post aid 
that rec nt ur y b th C C 
hav ,hown that thl n-
t nnl! tud nts hav hown a 
Ijrt>at r Int rest In r liglon 



Page two Triton Times Wednesday, May 21. 1975 
Letters to ~e Editor 

Edpcation at UCSD 
Like 'The Penal Colony' 

70 Student~ Call for Brueckner Probe 

A Wide Open Supplication Addressed To Both The Benign In-
difference Of rhe Universe And My Fellow Human Beings Here On 
Plan!'t Mars. . 

A lamou~ bard .once observed that God is a concept by which we 
attempt to measure our pain. For many of us poor dumbfuck under-
graduates, who often just cannot seem to put down t~e "right" answer 
on an exam form or say the " right" things. in a term paper, our 
educational experience here at UCSD [Planet Mar ) I~ a grand and 
wondrous device, not unlike Kafka's harrow in The Penal Colony, a 
device by which we effectively, religiously inf l ict pain or something 
very much like pain on ourselves. The entire thrust of thi effort is 
predicated on a firm and hopele~sly penetrating belief , a beltef that 
pervades and inlects the minds of many of us engaged in intellectua l 
pursuits here at the university, the belief that pain', pain both psychic 
and physical, is fundamentally, inherently good ... (possibly good tor 
the soul , as the old cliche goes, provided that quaint, religiously-
oriented, conceptual entity sti ll exi ts) . The infection of this be lef IS 
quite rampant nowadays-it has made us veritable, emotional 
yphilitics in our relations with one another ... much of our con-

versation, our sma ll talk is simply the draining of puss, puss concerned 
with those all important tests and term papers . 

We may attempt to delude ourselves into entertaining the notion 
that course grades are not important, and that it is the education that 
cou nts .. . as we hurry and grub for a few more quiz-points, by rushing to 
the Inhumanities Library (you know, the one that looks like some 
ungodly aircraft hanger that somehow wandered away from the naval 
air station located a few furlongs inland), before it closes its enormous 
doors at the witching hour, in desperate pimpish need for these 
homework solutions, illegibly written (e.g., Keith A. Brueckner' lovely 
SCript), illegibly photocopied and conveniently on reserve (one IS 
allowed to check out a reserve article overnight, but must r turn it by 
nine In the morning--presumably, the student is suppos d to read the 
reserve article while asleep, a feat of which anyone among the "Upper 
Twelve Percent" is easily capable) .. 

And yet we cannot quit shake the vague and faintly nauseating 
appr hen Ion that our surrogate parents, our demigod 01 academia--
the professors- the Hallowed Gradegivers are in quite a po Itlon (of 
powerl) It is certainly hard to deny that they play with our lives, our 
triVial and insignificant, non-e ential, marginal-cost lIves, when they 
a Sign that letter of judgment, that Increment of po Itive and/ or 
negative reinforcement, which IS supposed to be ~ome sort of 
assessment of our performance In the class, our knowledge, our un-
der tandi ng, our grasp- de perate and clutching-of th information 
cov.ered in the course (n and ultimately a strang mea ure of our 
value or worth to ourselves and society. Grade me, daddy. Grade m , 
mommy . Nourish me With GPA 0 Hallowed Harrow, carve that sacred 
tran cript all across my withered and infully wicke~ soul. Beat me, 
lesus--05weet Jesus , beat me till I come. Hurt me hard , hurt me until 
my eyes can cry no more tears, and my veins clot With blood dried 
black . Yes, God is a concept by which we measure our pain Let us 
suffer now, so that when we die, we shall receive our just reward high 
In heaven. which IS the infinitely intense pleasure of union with th 

Continued on "age 4 

Professor Brueckner IS to be 
complimented for attempting a 
public explanatio n for his 
"vo lunteer" performance. in 
Srtence 4B I;lst quarter. (TT, May 
1b). 

Many of the points he rai ses art' 
valid and deserve thorough 
discussion by the APIS depart-
ment, the physi s department 
and .the UCSD administration . 
However , these concern in-
tradepartment " po l itiCS" 
irrelevant to hi s possib le 
violations of the University Policy 
on raculty Conduct, :n , April 
15), and they do not provide 
convinc ing answers to the 
questions which studE'nts of the 
class have raised in letters to the 
TT. 

What about the student who 
was so intimidated by Brueckner' 
classroom tactics that she "did 
not dare ask any more (questions) 
the rest of the quarter" (TT, May 
2) "( What about his denial of 
instruction to Patricia Overy (TT, 
May 12) ? What about the student 
who was told by him that the text 
was the only availab le study 
resource, while at the same time 
the UCSD Bookstore had 200 
copies of a "student study gu ide" 
prepared exp li cit ly for the 
assign d t xt and published by 
the samE' company? Can the 
faculty and students of this 
university complacently tolerate 
~uch " I~stru tlon" and calmly 
ignore th fact that Brueckner has 
a long standing record of similar 
performan es, even In physics 
graduate classes l 

It IS implied by the first point of 
Brueckner's leiter (" 1. I volun-
teered to teach ... " ) that this type 
of conduc t, and Indeed his entire 
performan e in Science 40, must 
be Judged in some speCial light 

ot only is this absurd, but a 
volunteer, of course, would not 
have been co'W'ensated for his 

President Ford's Mayaguez Action Applauded 
We herpby applaud and support wholeheartedly 

the course of action pursued by the United States 
government in Cambodia With regard to the seizure 
of the Mayaguez 

We feel the actions taken by the administration 
to retrieve the Mayaguez and ItS crew are the first 
effective and decisive moves made by this country 
since the Cuban Missile crisis . 

loss of human Itle, however, it must bl-' remem-
bered that this cou ntry has an obligation to protect 
the Ilv( s and property of 1.$ citizens . If thi s 
demands the use of military torce, as this situation 
clearly did, we should not hesitate to take such 
action . 

work . It IS doubtful that thiS was 
the case, since Vice-chancellor 
Paul Sa ltman' has ruled that 
persons not paid from teaching 
fund (annot teach courses at 
UCS9 This ruling, combi ned With 
the administration's refusal . to 
provide APtS with suffiCient 
fund to mpet its teaching load, 
J)revf'nted a willing and c om-
petent member of the APIS 
depdftment who had taught the 
course for the prevIous two years 
from teaching S ience -t)3, as had 
been origina lly scheduled . This 
administrative st.tb-I{ersion of 
UCSD education is deliberate ( ee 
Profes or Booker'~ If'tter to thE' 
TT, May 2) and has happened In 
many other situations, including 
thiS year's SCience 4AL, 4BL , and 
4 CL. To sugg~t that these, or any 
other UCSD courses, lack peop le 
willing to teach them, or that the 

' students must depend on 
volunteers for their educadon, is 
ridiculou . Th word "volun teer" 
is a euphemism adopted by 
Brueckner to obfuscate the fact 
that he had to be forced to do the 
work which would lus tify the 

~alary he receives from teaching 
fu nds 

The other poi nts Profes~or 
Brueckner makes are not 
unimportant or deVOid of truth 
However, they often contain 
similar specious logic or are 

based on factual E'rrors r or 
pxample, Professor Rotenburg did 
pE'rform several demomtrations 
In SCience 4A . Arguing back and 
fotth about details, though , is not 
going to settle the issue. It is clear 
that no statement by Profes or 
Ilruec kner ca n retroactlvE'ly 
change the (onduct of the 
course, or thE' students' 
dissatisfaction with this as 
recorded on the CAPE ards, In 
letters to the TT, and through 
petition sig natures OvPr 70 
student h.ave signed a petition 
demanding a thorou gh In-
vestigation of the situation ; and 
only this sort of i nVE'stigation will 
provide a resolution fair to all 
parties i nvolv d . 

Th proper foru m tor such as 
Inv stlgatlon , and the on-
"deration of actions indicated by 
It, " the AcademiC Senate 
Committee on Privilege and 
1 enu re, ha ired by Professor 
Sldnley A Chodorow of thp 
HI tory Department 

DONALD ~ . TR[Hl L 

(Petition and Itst ot names on file 
t dltor ) 

The Triton Times is officially recognlzec1 as a student newspaper by the 
Communication. Board of UCSD. Public.ot lon I, on Mondavs . W.dne.davs, and 
Fridavs during the r.gul.r school year I •• cept on ollicial holidays ). Editorial and 
busin.ss offic ... ar.locatod in 117 Blek. H.II on the R.v.lI. ColI.ge campu • . 

Lenora to the Editor and opinion columna or. walcomed. All aubmiuion. 
should be typed on a 6!i ·sp.ce line on non·corro.ibl. pep.r. Th.y .hould not 
exce.d thr .. page. in length . Th. Triton Tim .. r .... rvH tho right to edit sub· 
missions because of spac.limitations or .tvle requ i rements. 

For adito';ol . call4!i2·3466; for bUlino .. Ind adv.rtl •• mants, call 462·J488. 

John H. Taylor 
EditOr in chu!:f 

Edward Simons Jame G. olo 
Managing editor City editor 

Charles Heim1er Patti Wolf 
Naw .... ltor Copvedltor 

Sara J . Lowen Mark Woelber 
Editoriol director Bu.lness ma nage r 

Mark Stadler Larry Deckel 
Community editor Arls editor 

Paul Wagner Tad Sperry 
Soorts editor Photo e d ttor 

Kathy Coxe 
Sec ,eta rv 

STUART P. LARSON 
PETER J. DIEDRJCH 

KELLYWARREN 
SCOTT GOULD 

DONALD L. OLE 
81 LL KOLSTAD 

The United States must not be afraid to take a 
firm stand in the future against such acts of 
aggression or we run the risk of losing the last 
remnants of I ntematlonal respect. We deplore the ~~~==~==~==~~~~~~~~ COMMUNITY 

BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

Student l:enter Contest 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.·Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

j!:33-5481 
. , ... ~ ......... . 

STAins TUESDAY 

FElLINI·S 
n~MARCORD" 

call theater for 
times 

I • I ,If I ' • 
1 st & " 0 " Streets 

EnCinitas , 753·3955 

~~A~C1:00 uaCJ)~ ~[!)~A 
WOO® a~ ~[t)t;!lA~ Weare looking for an image 

for our beloved ~aJ~A who knows ~\1~a4WOOa~~ 
(almost) that is happening on and around campus, 

(even the menus in the cafeteria-) 
Will you help? 
~~ cpa4azz:e iCD~ u'(Ja~ Ull~J l~l:U:j ~ ~ a a a 
Cartoon, photograph, drawing or whatever your 

imagination allows. We will put her/ ? on T-shirts for 
the l(!)~A staff at the info center and even into the 

air at the lJt-lJJJil~Jtj,fJ 
Entries due: ~'UOfl , Friday, May 23rd, info desk, student <.:enter 

Wednesday, May 21, 1975 

Wipe 
With 
This by Charles Helm ler 

'Ver not gonna talk to her like that , you fat pig ' 
So he grabs a champagne bott le "Oh, yea l We'll see No long-haired 

punk I gonna call me a pig and I will ay what ~lIke to who Illk " 
He smashe the bottle on the edge of the table Waves the broken 

pnd, Jagged edges up, in my face . 
" You ldke back what you aid We didn' t blow It. They let the 

crewmember go b cause of our deci IV military action You r p at 
that , punk, or you .. no, the lady . is gonna get this bottle between the 
legs ." 

He had mf' Grt n on his face . G raid laughing lu t like home, he was 
probably thinking And I'm head man at th chamber of commerce. 

I fondle my pony tail . Kiss waves the bottle back and forth He wa 
enloying It 

" All fight , you didn' t blow it. They urrendered the hip because of 
your's and Gerry's deciSive, Intelligent, well-thought out strategy to 
preserve th country's supremacy . It was a balls-out move, and will 
en ure re-election In 76 . You completely made up for your defeat In 
Vietnam ,. 

" We were NOT defeated" Ki s rages "We Withdrew, and if Congress 
would have not been a bunch of leftist la keys WE' would have secured 
a more favorab le resolution . You watch It, punk , or you 'll get thiS ." Kls 
wav s th bot tle Gerald gri ns again . Grabs another bottle of oors 

" Vea, yea , that 's i.t. That's what I meant to say ." 
KI~s puts hiS arm around my shou lder " You 're not uch a bad punk, I 

Ilk your pony tad " He I ts th pony tail lid through hiS fingers " Th 
rubber band IS uch a cute co lor " 

" Thank you , Ki s My Sl ter gave a whole pia tiC box of rubber bands 
to 11lt:' last mon th I like the red ones, myself " 

. Red, oh, that\ my tavonte color Without It I wouldn 't have a lob 
Heh, heh, that' a loke " 

KI~c; pu~hes his face up to mine Breath reeks altvating out the 
~Ides "And Jill , you remember, Gerryl She had red hair " 

Gerry nods and grins He finally get a good grip on th bottle cap 
and gets It open Two teeth fall out as he Pits out the cap . 

" ow, I' ll torget what you said If you do lust one ... " KISS c loses his 
l'ye Lays hiS head against my shoulder Sigh " Just one little favor " 

What, I wonder 
"Kneel down , pleas " KIss tand up straight and gives my head a 

Iler e ~hove down My knees hit the wood of the floor I hear a 7ipper. 
ot again , I think Twenty years of sucking off And now h want 

more Twenty y ars Without an ejaculation ot even bombing HanOI . 
Invading ambodla . And my father couldn ' t even get 'em to explode . 
Lven With Hiroshima. Nor grandfather. 

H IS pants fall to the floor So does the bottle. I hear It clink, and I ee 
Illy c hance 

Grabbing th bottle, I shove it up his ass . He creams . Coe limp. 
Blood . Gerald loses hiS grin. KISS cowers in the corner , hands trying to 
hold ba k his bleeding ass . He tries to walk to the bathroom, trtp over 
hiS pants . 

" Listen, Gerry, " holding the bottle in hiS face . " Be cool " 
Cambodia grabs my hand She leads me out the room Through the 

vacant halls Out ide To Canada . Where we are now. Together 

COMPUTER SCIENCE STUDENTS: 
Di.cusslon on "Structur.d Provr.m. 
mlng and Provramming Sty I.". APM 
2202, 3 PM . 16/211 
Alt.rn.tiv. pr.m.d prosp.cts. Herv.v 
Selv.rston, H .. lth Sci.nc. Advlaor 
from CPP, will ..... k during Dlnn.r in 
the R.vell. Cof • . So. Dinl"g H.II, Thurs. 
5 P.M . 15/211 
Tonight · 8:00 p.m., Win •• r Common. 
IB.S.B.) Dr. Haiflt • • UCSD School of 
Medicln. w ill s peek ebout con· 
tempora,y I •• un in medlcin • . Everyone 
welcom.116/21J 

Mu ir Outing Club, Thurs., 8 pm in 2 C 
J61616/ 21, 
Satch Me.tlng. W.d. 7 pm . 2·hut 313 
M.C 16121' 

Surf Club Me.tlng tonight 7:30 PM PftL 
1117. 16/211 

Science Fiction writer RAY BRAD· 
BURY . p .. klng Thurs., 7:30 p,m" 
Mend.vlli. Aud. Tickets on .. Ie, Stud. 
Ct r. Bo. OHlc • . • 1 .• tud.nt • . 16/21 1 

TONIGHT · Seminar on O.teopathlc 
Med ici ne 7:00·' :00 Rav.lI. Formol 
LOlln ... 161211 

WORKSHOP Thu .... 7·10. Morge Mc· 
Nair from the P.E. O.pt. i. t •• ching 
technlqu •• in Mod.rn Donce. 401 Me. 
For info X2023 Wom.n'. C.nt.r 16/ 211 

FREE COMPUTER TIME . N' •• t fOil , 
APftlS '1 tIormerlv APftlS 10. IDA. Or 
13AI w ill b ••• If·p.c .... with comput.r 
tim. on . mlll interactlv. m.chlnes 
with g raphic displaya . TUTORS .re 
noed.d, .Ither in APftlS 196, or •• 
yolunte.rs. For d.tail., ••• Lindo, 
APftlS 0."1. 15/23) 

ATTENTION ! ! ! ! 
UCSD's Summer Session offers m~ny courses. Among 
them are : 

LANGUAGE / ESPERANTO 16 : INTROOUCTION TO 
ESPERANTO For 4 Units 

LANGUAGE / GERMAN 31 :CONCENTRATEO GERMAN 
FOR BEGINNERS For 6 Units 

LANGUAGE /GERMANY 32 : CONCENTRATED GERMAN 
FOR STUDENTS WHO HAVE STUDIED GERMAN 
BEFORE For 6 Units 

Triton Times 

Grad Students a a • 
Continued fro!,! Page 1 

May 20, 1975 

To The Chancellor 
The Graduate tudent Union appre clat s your 

Proml)! reply to our m mo of May 14 However, It 
wa~ our primary IntentIOn to establi sh a schedulE' 
for nel,;otlations between the union and the 

unlvE'r~lty administration , an I sue to which your 
memo do s not respond Although you h~ve statE'd 
that our concerns " have already been tull y 
dlscus~ed" With various administrati ve personh I at 
UC D, we think It appropnatp th at some more 
dire t diSCUSSion take place With the people mo~t 
Immediately affected -- the graduate students 
themselves In the ab ence of such talks, the matter. 
is certainly not " fully discussed " 

W also believe It Important to c larify the 
misunderstanding ImpliCit in your ob ervatlon that 
" what we are seeking i money " There were four 

~ubstantlal pOints In our memo ~Irs t , It IS not 
Simply "money," - not some kind of dole,-that we 
are demanding, but rather baSI , d c nt wages for 

.... 

Page three 

the Important work which we ar performing rtght 
now, and which IS essentIal to the lunc tlonlng of 
thl e; university O f E'<1ual Importance, we a Iso seek 
\uch cru lal non-finanCial goals as lob s curlty, 
ratlol1al work·load s, and manageable class si zes 
These are concrete th tngs which would make 
po<; Ible a quality edu at lon tor both graduate and 
undergraduat tud nt at UCSD 

I t IS , lear to the unio n that all pmslble sources 01 
l und, ava liabl e to thl s cam pus have not b en 
(''(hau\ ted Substanti ve examp l s can be glvE'n 
However, the procurement and adm ini st ration of 
pducatlonal funds IS not thE' appropr iatE' province 
of our unIOn, no r IS It an ISS UP In whl h we Will 
dllow our elve to become hope lessly SIde-tracked 
In the bureaucrattc ma ze of UC D f inancE' Our 
u nl vPrslty has offi Cials li ke yourself whose prtmary 
lob IS to secure and over th se funds , and we 
fully expe t that lob to be done Wi th the same 
excellence that should charactem e all of UCSD's 
aCllvltl es Furtherm ore, since we are not Inc l tned to 
view your InSI tence on' th tate and fe deral 
governm nts' responSibil i ties as mere buck-pas"Slng, 
we must assumE' that you will full y support our 

Continued on Page 5 

UCSD Theatre Presents 
TB_ 

•••• IHG 
OBDZPV8 CAl\HZV AL 

~ BABBB SBOW 
A New Look at Old Fables 

A Glittering Galaxy of G 
and Remarkable 

From Fo·ft."r .. 
What Is It? Woman or 

never before d • • a 
entitled : 

Girl 
Musleal enter the Ineomparable 

A demons 
Jo§le 

strength and unchallenged skill 
ing Laiu will meet the mysterious strang r 

II age§ - pleasureful puppets 
opular Puueb &. Judy, or 

be Talldug Baby: 

MAIN A'rTI\AOTIOH 
BAL 'rB.arBDY :rOB 

YOURG AND OLD; 
A BVI\IAL IN T •• B. 

Dellclo"s Refreshments 

May 22-24 and 19-31. 975 
8:00 pm. - Central Library 

TICKETS: ,,1.50 §tudents 
_3.00 general 

Box ofrlee: 407 MC. afternoons 



Paae four 
Colony'. 

Continued from pale 2 
Godhead. And on't we be the apple of His Omniscient Eye, yes in-
deed, bright a~d pager \tudents accepted at the Grand and Great 
Medical SchOl)1 in the Sky. In the meantime, let us embrace pain, for 
pain is good an pain is pleasure. With the blessed catharsis that only a 
GPA-fuck can gIVe, 

IAN ANDERSON ANTI-:CHRIST, ESQ 
(My curren ~ six-quarter old gpa is 3.20, a "S" average I'm told; but 

sadly my penis is still less than five inches in length, fully erect .. and 
that's well over an inch shorter than the national (?) avp.rage (C)-so I 
guess I have a D-grade organ and whom can I satisfy with that?) 

BILL GAMBLE'S 
HAS LEVIS & MUCH MORE 
Step into Gamble ' s today for a 
fashionable touch of tomorrow . 
Gamble's, setting the pace for the San 
Diego lifestyle. 

SANDEGO 
SOUTH BAY PLAZA =., LOMA saUARE 
GROSS MONT CENTER 
~ PLAZA CAMINO REAL 
", .,IM .. ". FASHION VALLEY 
-==- PARKWAY PLAZA 

LOSAN1fIFS 
WESTMINISTER • LOS CERRITOS 

PUENTE HILLS MALL 

Triton Times 

Socialist Candidate 
to Speak 

Willie Mae Reid, the Socialist Workers Party 
(SWP) 1976 vice-presidential candidate and the fir\t 
black woman to run for Mayor in Chicago, will 
speak on Muir Plaza tomorrow at noon. 

Reid is running with Peter Camejo, SWP can-
didate for President. 

After the rally, sponsored by the Young Socialist 
Alliance and the Women's Center, Reid will con-
duct an informal discussion at the Women's Center. 

Reid challenged Chicago Mayor Richard Daley in 
this year 's election, as the first indePendent can-
didate to meet Chicago's election requirements in 
forty years , gaining 66,243 signatures on her 
electio(l ~etition in two weeks. 

The SWP 1976 Presidential platform, dubbed "A 
Bill of Rights for Working People," is an extension 
of the US Bill of Rights . It proposes broadening 
those rights to include the right to employment and 
an adequate income, free education and medical 
care and the right to control their own com-
munities . 

A Democrat until 1961 when she decided " that 
the Democratic Party wasn't democratic at all, " 
Reid was party less until 1970 when she joined SWP 
feeling the party believed in working for, and 
sharing the wealth with, the people . 

The Presidential campaign will be Reid's third in 
less than three years : in 1974 she ran for the House 
of Representatives in Chicago, receiving less than 
one percent of the vote . 

support tt advertisers 

I 

Wednesday. May 21. 1975 

Blood Drive 
Begins Today 

uc San Diego's blood drive beginS today and 
runs through friday. Past drives have yielded 625 
pints of blood for UCSD students, staff, faculty 
members and their families to use in emergencies . 

The UCSD Reserve Fund is similar to a credit 
savings account. When a person covered under the 
Fund uses blood , he contacts the chairperson of the 
fund , who writes a release to the San Diego Blood 
Bank, allowing credits for the individual. 

Today, blood may be donated at the Scripps pier 
Tomorrow, the blood drive will be at the Main 
Lounge at Blake Hall and Friday, blood can be 
donated at Conference Room A at the Chancellor's 
complex, Matthews campus . 

CAPE Open House 
Cape (Course and Professor Evaluation) im-

plemented a new evaluation and questionnaire 
system dUring the winter quarter. . 

To explain the new system and as part of their 
stated open door policy, CAPE will hold an open 
house for the UCSD community tomorrow from 1 
pm to 4 pm. CAPE said that the open house is to 
open channels of communication between that 
organization and students , faculty and ad:. 
mini strators . Refreshments will be served at the 
func tion. . 

Intern 
Deadline 
Nears 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
by Patricia Ladoucer 

Staff Writer 
This Friday marks the deadl ine 

to subm it applications for the 
Admini strative Intern Program. 
Applica ti ons are in the Student 
Center. 

Persons are needed for participation In Investigating 
cleaning agents for use with SOFT CONTACT LENSES. 

Examination, soft contact lenses, and care-kit will be 
provided at approximately cost to the patient. The 
research will require no more time than Is usually 
necessary for proper fitting and follow-up care of the 
patient during the adaptation period. Interested persons 
please call 272-2211 . The project is Ifmted to the first 50 
applicants. 

The program, established in t he 
Win ter quarter 01 lY7 4, lon I)t 
of eight internshi ps. Interns work 
In different admin is trati ve or 
quas i-adm inistrati ve pos itions on 
campus . They help with the 
duties of that pos i tion and work 
on a spec ial projec t of their own 

Parti ci p at ing students ga in 
awareness of how other stud ents 
fee l, learn the problem of the 
unit they are workin g in, and can 
communicate these back to the 
student body. Being an intern 
Include access to major ad-
ministrators and a better chance 
at some jobs and graduate 
chools. Positions last th irty 

weeks, du ring which the student 
earns close to $1000. 

I ntern choices , mad e jo in tly by 
the hir ing off ice and the student 
Coop, are ba ed ' o n a com-
bi nation of an appl ication and 
Interview. StLldents m ust be ab le 
to work under pres ure, make 
Independe nt dec Isi o ns, com -
mun ica te wel l, and finis h 
prolects Prior experi en e In any 
area on campus and prior un-
derstandi ng of th e Intern pQs i tion 
I s help ful. 

JEFFERlon rTARllllP Birth Control Institute 
SP[CIAL CU£ST STAR 

OODY 
SAN DIEGO WEDNESDAY MAY 21 
srolTS AUXA a " ,'II~llr " ~I';"il" 

n .50 .... "ct. $1 .25 •• , .f III'., 
T' Clltls A •• ".blf .t All B,II C,mblt ' s Mtn 's Storts 

All Artn. T'Clltl _.fnCln . Sporh Artn. T'Cktl Oll, ee 
ror In(ormll,on "II 2244176 

I non .prof" 
PUblic serY l ce 

agenc)' 

• Counseling 

• Pre~ancy Testing 
~ AbortiOn 

• Birth Control' 
• V8l8Ctomy 

• Female Sterilization 
Call BCI fo r 
~vn f ,denti.1 assistlOce 

(7141 :1B3·6351 
(714") 560-5757 

Wedne!lday. May 21,1975 Triton Times 

Grad Students ••. then surely there must be tim e for more Important matter~ relating to thE' academic function of our 
univerSity . Accordingly allpr your reception for 
President-Elect Saxon, we demand time for a more 
~eflous discuss ion of the points of our letter. Our 
negotiators will he ready to begin such discussions 
at 3:30 pm today . 

Continued from pil"e 3 
e ffort~ to obtain adequatt' ~olutions ' not only at 
state and federal levels, but also at any and all 
levels which are found to be appropriclte . 

Again, we rE'alize how busy your schedule is. Yet 
you must be aware hOlW difficult it would be to 
affect budgetary and academic changes once the 
new school year has already begun . For this reason 
we are determined to begin serious and deliberate 
negotiations--with you or your designated agents . 
We cannot allow ourselves to be ignored until it is 
too late. 

We also believe President-Elect Saxon will be 
vitally interested in the proceedings, and we invitE' 
hiS participation . 

In order to indicate the depth and extent of our 
concern , negotiators and supporters of the UCSD 
Graduate Student Union will meet at 1 pm today in 
the Revelle plaza . After a short address to our 
membership, we will move through (ampus to a • 
location near Conference Room 111A, Matt hews 
: ampus. 

Our first positive suggestion, therefore, is CIS 
follows' We are aware that there is. a meeting 
between yourself , a local group called the " Board 
of Overseers," and the new President-El ect of the 
University of California, David Saxon, at 2 :00 p.m. 
Wednesday afternoon, Conference Room 111A. We 
bel ieve that if there is time for such gatherings, 

THE NEGOTIATING COMMITTE E 
THE GRADUATE STUDENT UNION 

"ti 

AD.IHI8TBATlvm 
INT.BBH_BIIt 

PBOGBA._ 
ADMINISTRATIVE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 

Announcing the opening of intern positions for 
students In various administrative offices on the 
UCSD campus, 

Applications for Student Interns will be available by 
noon on Monday, May 19th, at the Student Info 
desk, Student Center and at all College Dean's 
Offices, 

Positions begin Fall Quarter, '75. 

Positions will pay approximately $1,000 for the 
school year, 

Some offices where Interns may be placed are : 

[1) Vice Chancellor - Student Affairs 
[2) Vice Chancellor - Academic Affairs 
[3) Vice Chancellor - Administration 
[4) Student Center 
[5) Financial Aids 
[6) Housing Office 
[7) Business Office 

DON'T THROW AWAY YOUR 
USED ROLLI G-PAPER PACK! 

.:.i SEND US YOUR USED PACK OF ROLLING PAPERS - ANY .~ BRAND, EMPTY OR NOT. AND WE'LL SEND YOU A FREE 
g PACK OF E-Z WIDERS. 
.; 

" j E-Z Wld.r I, doubl. the width of ordlnlry pipers for f •• t, hl .. le-f,.. roiling. There', no nHCI to ,tick two piper. together; with doulJle-.,dtll E-Z Wider, you roll OM, lick onc •• nd you're offl 
'.ND YOUR USED PACK AND A STAMPED SELF-ADDRESSED ENVELOftE ~o: 

E-Z WIDER USED PACK SWAP no.1 
ROIERT IURTON ASSOCIATES 
117 EAlT 21th ITRIIT 
NIWYORIC, N.Y. '0010 
/0"., ..... .w." 3'. fl7I1 

roU with e-z wider and ••• get off on the DO UBLE 

Page five 

Revelle College Cafeteria 
Hosts Talks Tomorrow 

"The Movements and the Left" 
will be the subject of a teach-in at 
the Revelle College Cafeteria, 
Thursday, May 22 at 8 pm. 
Speakers will d iscuss the current 
status of the Chicano movement, 
the women's movement, the 
Bla ck mov ement and thei r 
relat ionship to socialism in the 
United .States. The teach-In is 
sponsored by the UCSD Social is t 
Forum. 

Speak i ng on the Black 
movement will be Robert Allen, 
currently managing editor of the 
Black Scholar. Fo rm erl y a 
reporter fo r the Guardian and an 
instructor at San Jose State 
College, Allen is author of " Black 
Awakening i n Capitalist 
A meric a", an anal ysis and 
cri t ique of the Black movement, 
and of the recent ly publ ished 
"The Reluc tant Reformers . The 
Impact of Racism on American 
Social Reform Movements". 

He has been active wit h the 
Blac k stud en t and antiwar 
movements in the South and in 
New York and wi th the Sa n 
Fran cisco Bay Area Venceremos 
Brigade. He holds a M aster's 
degree in sociology from the New 
School for Socia: Research. In his 
analysis of the Black movement 
he stresses the dangers of co-
operation and the necessi ty for 
combin ing racia l and class 
perspectives . 

Caro lyn Platt , lecturer In 
Women's Stud ies at Ca lifornia 

State University at San Diego, will 
d iscuss the women's movement. 
Platt was involved with student 
and antiwar activi t ies in the 
M idwes t during the 1960's, and is 
cu rrently worki ng w ith the 
Coaliti on of l abor Union Women 
(CLUW) 

She has also taught at the 
UniverSi ty of Washington and 
was active with Women 's 
Liberation --Spattle . In her 
political work she combines 
feminism and socialism , and 
argues for the necessity for a 
strong, independent women 's 
movement both prior to and after 
a socialist revolution 

The Chi cano movement will be 
c overed by Carlos Munoz, a 
political scientist who teaches in 
the Program In Comparative 
Culture at UC Irvine. Munoz, who 
is presently writing a book on the 
Chicano movement, is an editor 
of " Aztlan " and of " Lat in 
American Perspectives", a radical 
iournal 

He was one of the first 
organ izers of the Chicano student 
movement in the Los Angeles 
area in the 1960's, and has also 
been an organizer for La Raza 
Unida party . In his written work 
he emphasized the lim itations of 
reform politics and the necessity 
for a strong Chicano movement 
committed to the transformation 
of the Ameri can SOCial structure 

A question and answer per iod 
will follow the presentations 

Ster ling Recreat ion Organ, .. t lo 
Presents 

An Evening W it h 

SA DIEGO CIVIC THEA E 
FRIDAY - MAY 23 - 8:00 P_M, 

Tlek eu on Sa .e at Center Box Off ice , 2nd and "e " St.; a ll Sears , 
H ign ia naer Men 's Stores and T lcketron Outlets . Ma il o rde rs t o 202 
"C" St ., San D,ego , 92 101 : PI.a .. enclo s. 2 5c handiong and a se" 
addressed sta mped envelope . T,c"et on fo rmat, o n , 236 ·65 10 

Prices , $4 . 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes 1:!xam I ned 
pfescrlptions fjlled 
contact lenses fitted 
reoairs 

hours mon - fro 1030 - 8 00 
sal 10·6 CIO eel SUndlYS 

sports arena blvd. 
(across lrOm lhe sporls are'la 

224-2973 224-2974 



Paaesix 

Regular user of the Central 
Library may h-a e been puzzled 
these last six IV ks or so at the 
gradual buildup of circus wagons, 
banners , fla gs, booths and 
general activity each evening on 
the forum lev I of the famous 
oncrete mushroom. The unusual 

hubbub that has surrounded this 
previously unused re ource of the 
library is the result of the vision of 
three faculty members of the UC 
San Diego Drama Department, 
which has manifested itself in 
" The Oedipus Carnival and Rar e 
Show," a theatrical spectac le 
based on the myths of Oedipus 
and Antigone. . 

Michael Addison, director of 
the company of over 50 UCSD 
students, has been engaged in the 
development of the production 
for over a year now. The first 
germs of the idea came from 
Addison's interest in finding ways 
to "break through the encrusted 
cultural tradition, and come into 
fresh contact with the mythic 
real ity ." 

I n looking for a play to erve 
these ends, he turned to the 
Oedipus cycle Addison found in 
the Oedipus plays a sense of 
universa l famil iari ty ; " It's almost 
like a fairy tale we all know. 
W e've all heard of the proud King 
who learned he created his own 
doom. Our hope was that we 
could take a familiar fable and 
use all the elements of the theatre 
to restore the potency to the 
myth we know so well ." 

Coincid ing with this Initial 
conception, was the Idea to stage 
the play amidst the great de erted 
arches of the Central Library. 
Addison saw in the library a pace 
tha t sugges ted the deserted ci ty 
of some lost race of giants . 

It was at this point in the 
thought process that Addison was 

Trltonnm .. 

A New UCSD Theatre 

h y Ldrry Oeckel 
6,rb Edito' 

T.T . Photos oy 
Dl'l1IW Pl'l'k 

Wednesday. MAY 21. 1975 

joined in his work by Scenic 
Designer Dan Dryden and 
Costume Designer Deborah 
Dryden. The further development 
of th hape of the show was a 
matter of careful collaboration, 
to find a form which would 
combine all elements of the 
theatre into one theatrical whole 

Their initial desire was to open 
the evening with a theatrical form 
that was entertaining and would 
let the audience know they were 
10 for an evening of theatre rather 
than cultural artifact. What was 
needed was something rau cous 
and colorful, with al l the life a 
Gre k Theatre ~ tival must have 
had 

ear hing for a contemporary 
. Ameri can equivalent to the Greek 
Festival , they turned to ca rnival -
d pla ce whPfe freaks, monsters 
and ~trange> ex mplars of our own 
reality ac t our simple storie. for 
our own entertdinment 

And so, the Oedipus arnival 
dnd Raree Show at last comes to 
town Schedu led for six per-
formances MilY 22 to 24 and 29 to 

.. 11, the ga te at the WI:! tern 
cntran e to the library forum 
lev I will open sharply at 8 :00 
pm , bringing throngs of peopl e 
rnto the world of colton candy, 
popcorn , balloons , sphinx ' s, 
my s terious stranger s, ta Ik i ng 
babies, riv ted ankles , pie -in-the-
fa I" and death. 

The premier attrdction of each 
night's lestlvitles will be the 
presentation of " A Buria l In 
Th~bes," an pxtravangaza t'n -
compas 109 the luther adventure 
of Kind Olodlpus and hiS ddughtl'r 
Antlgonp 

TI< Ilt'h .lft' ,wdllablt, .11 thp 
LJrilm., D( 'IMrtllll'nt hox ol fl( (' 
M ond,l\ Ihrollt:h I rrcldY .11 
'I'rnoon, ,Ind ( drnlv"I!-:Ol'r~ ,HI' 
lIo.\I'(1 tv \lr('" wdrmly 'lfId 
( omlortahlv 

Triton Ti mes 
Wednesday, May 21,1975 

Coach Lyle Olsen 

A Man With a Different A 
by Jim Nuckols 

Staff Writer 
II the UC San Diego student body were qUizzed 

on the fortunes of this year's Triton baseball team, 
th re might be five percent who knew how they 
lare>d . 60°'11 who wouldn't have the slightest Idea, 
dnd 30°·" who wouldn't know UCSD even had a 
ba .. e>ball team . 

The r("s t wouln ask , " What's baseball .. 
1('<; not,. ln ~hort , exactly the kind of recognition 

I hM'S gOing to make the coach a ce lebrity, but it 
doe.,n' t bother Triton coach Lyle Olsen in the lea~t 
1\, (\ miltter of act, he wouldn ' t want to be 
anywhere el se . 

It may ~eem a little out of the ordinary to find a 
coa h so rndifferent to recognition , but that's lust 
one> of the traits that distinguishes 01 en from your 
run-()f -the-mill baseball coach . His philosophy 01 

Odchlng I~ unique and his approach to athleti cs i 
rp freshingly different. 

Student First 
Olsen feel s the student ath lete IS a student fir st 

dnd an athlete second, if he has the desire for sport. 
He does no recruiting, feeling that the guys who Baseball Coadi Lyle Olsen 
really want to play will come out on their own . In 
additron , he believe that the players themselves baseball powerhouses like Cal State Fullerton and 
, hould take part 10 the actual c oaching process , UC IrVine (last y("ar's NCA,<\ Divis ion II Cham-
whic h IS most unusual. PIOns) 

All of these concepts are foreign to the bi g time Interesting Career 
,ports e tablishment and help se t 01 en apart from oach Olsen had an Interest ing career b fore 
hi' co ntemporari s. They also happen to be coming to UCSD. He played co llegiate baseball at' 

con~l s te nt With the athletiC philosophy at UCSD, so Chico State and later joined the Dodger 
It'<, not surpri 10 9 that he IS happy where he 15 . organization , playing eight years in the minors with 

The events of thiS pa t season d monstrat some th lik es of M aury Wills and Jim Gilliam . He later 
of the appli cation of Olsen's Ideas ThiS y ar's coac hed In Canada and then Alaska i n a college 
team cam ed 22 players fo r most of the> year None ,ummer league for malor league prospects Some of 
WPfe recrult("d--Ihey e ither rpturned frop la t year h iS notable players wer Dave Kingman, Tug 
or ca mE' out on th(" 1f own, al l just wanting to play McCraw, Irnl 13arr, Pete Broberg and elson Briles , 
ba .. eba ll · all pre,en tly successful In the malors 

)om(' 0 1 tht' \e>teran players took on additional In 1964 h tartM coac hin g at an Diego tatp, 
(0.1 hlng respomlbilltl e'> The>y were> the one who where he had an Impre slve 666 winning per-
dlfPc ted the Triton offt'nse, calling 5t als, bunts , hit (pntage HI ~ ucces at tat ca me despltt' hiS 
t1nd run play and Instructrng the batters It was prelerenct' to Ignore re>crult,"g, a commendable 
I'wn thl'lf rp,pon,lbril ty to help make out the linp- IPdt on the malor college level Since coming to 
up "nd deCide who would start O( casionally , a UCSD, h(' ha, had generally uccessful team, but 
plawr might even go out to the mound and repla c.e l 'xpech even better In the next few years 
,\ pit her o r Hlbstltute himself for anoth r p layer Ohe>n '~ Ideas Me distinctive and lust plain 
01 cour "", Ohcn rn st ructed them dUring the we k, wn"bl 0 ma Ive recrUi tin g budg('t5 , no plaCing 
hut w lw n It cam(' game t ime It was mo tl y In the .lthletlrs above all e> lse Just guys playing ba eball 
player'" hand, who really want to and who really hav a good time 

Thl' ,ea~on wa not a succes f ul as Olsen would at 11 It just might become the trend of th luture 
have liked The ~<1u ad fini shed With an 11-15 record , II you th rnk Lyl 01 en deserve some more 
but there were talented ball players All but lour recogni ti on now, come cheer at the Triton game 
wrll return ne t vear ThE' Tritons al~o plaved some next year If you ca n find the field , that IS. 

Support 
TT Advertisers 

STUDENTS \~~~ ~~LEL 
DISCOUNT TICKETS 

otb glob£~h£atr£ 
"... .... 

eMU llled .nd O"llnllly Oll.ded by John 
Mlchu l flbel.k • MUllC Ind Ntw l,flU by 
SI.phen Sehwlrtl • OllelA.lI., P, oductd on 
tht N •• York sll,' by Edl" L.nduu,/Sluart 
Duncan/Jos"h Derun 

OPENS MAY 27 
Bflmmln, w,lh the '01 of life . thIS Int.r 
n.l lon.1 mU Jlcal hll bunts wllh SPlt ld lft& 
youthfulness .nd r."lShlnl opt,mlsm- In 
. .. ub.,.nl , fut mOVin •• "d w,fly treatment of 
the p.flblu hom SI M.tlh,w·s GOSPfI 

RUef'¥:'llons/lnlormlllon 9 JO to 9;00 
Ttlephone 239·2255 

Noon 10 8,JO pm 
rrl & 511 he l G on 
Tue Wed Hlur & Sun [ve S500 
S. t & Su n M. t S~ 50 
STU DEN TS (truu eolle,. l 

l ue Wed Thu r & Sun EVI 
5.1 & Sun Mat 

SENIOR CITIZENS 160 Ind .... ) 
S.t & Sun M.t ani., 

Croup D, scounts ,-,,"I.bl. 
ptrforIMd .t the 

carttr c£ntr~ stage 
:dIK.'" , • .w Ilobe '''titre . 

balbot p.r. 

ATTENTION 
PRE-mEDS 

TONIGHT, MAY 21 
OSTEOPATHIC 

MEDICINE SEMINAR 
7:00 - 9:00 

REVELLE 
FORMAL LOUNGE 

~------~~~~--------~------~ 
Firebird Sports & Foreign (or 

Service 
7638 Fay Ave " La Jolla, California 92037 

454-1920 
Serving Bri t l.h , French, lte lien and 

Jepene.eCa,. 
10 percent Dileo"n' with UCSD Sr"denr Body C.rd 

Muir Gues~-;n-residence presents 

tickets : 

RQ'y 
~la9sQeQo~LY 

Author of: Fahrenheit 451 
The Martian Chronicles 

The Illustrated Man 
$1 -For All Students Thurs . May 22 7 :30 pm M<:tnaeville Aud 
$2-General Admiss ion Tickets at box office student cen ter 

Jean-Luc Godard's 

USB 2722 9& 11 
THURSDAY'leOG 

Page seven 

1M as Victor League Teams 
Are Seasoned Vets 

To the casual observer the quality of softball at UCSD borders upon 
th m dlocre , Since at almost any given moment a SPE'ctator can 
witness amazi ng displ ay of Ineptitude that portend to hospitalize all 
partiCipants Last weekend, an outfi Ider was observed trying to catch 
a fly ba ll by braille, moving hiS glove only after he perceived that the 
ball had crashed Into his face 

Yet ami dst this chaot ic frenzy of people scatterrng from the danger 
of a moving softbal l , there eX ist quite a few good tams Teams that 
play ball olid enough so fans on the sidelines can watch Without fear 
of bell1g pummeled by an errant throw 

Victor Best 
The Victor league of men's softball reputedly has the best quality 

clubs on campus 01 t he seven teams, four are seasoned veterans of 
playoff competit ion 

However for some unknown reason these teams have opted to 
chan ge the:r names, p rhaps in an effort to shun the publicity that has 
fo ll owed them In the past. Only Boatfolk has kept therr former Identity-
-captai n Tim Close wants to make Boatfolk a household word Boog IS 
now hailed as Ax, Entropy has SWitched to the more organic Horseshlt, 
and Aoxomoxoa has dropped therr nonsenSical name for a histOrically 
Significant title. Ightsotl 

But do not be looled by these clever dlsgllises, for the c lubs have 
und rgone little alteration rour teams from thiS I ague Will go to the> 
playoffs, twO" of the spots already occupied by the top two teams, Ax 
and Boatfolk The remall1l11g two pots wdl be fought for between 
Horses hit , Night oil, and a newcomer, Oan M o nteverd 's band of 
malcontents, labeled cumbags 

Otten p opl associa te competitiveness \\lth ho~tlllt" and assert 
that the tough, tight ball played In thiS league IS against the Intramural 
phtlo,>ophy of lun at dny cos t 

La~t . aturdav ', ~ame of Hoatfolk v Ight or! dl)pelled thiS ugl, 
rumor The gam ex mphtl d the perfect Intrdmural dltltude, With 
both !pams plaYing good ball and haVing a good time dOing It 

Illhhoti need d a vlnory to clenc h a playoff berth, bllt fell hort as 
Close's gang pounded out enough hits to Win, 9-7 

The game Ylelde>d to acut observations , Boatfolk 's Jim (the Curlv 
Crun her) traiem"; haphazard tyle 01 ca tching makes the routine tly 
hall obsolete, and the time It take~ Ight od 's "Wh Is" We>aver to run 
Irom home to first IS better measured by a undlal than a ,topwatch 

M\er the game>, both teams rushed to the Boatfolk re Idence, where 
beer, "hamburger and beer abounded It wa at th l gatherrng that 

Ight od showed it' best defense of the day, holding Folk' alente to 
a mere two hamburger The SP"lt and manner of the game and the 
party afterward proved that th Intramural philosophy doe eXI t for at 
least a few lucky indiVidual 

App lications avallabla for Mes. 
Re.identadvi.orl. 4 pooitions. P ick up 
re lerra l at Student E mplovment 
Office and B ring it to Revelle R e.ldent 
Oe.n'l Off ice . Oeed line·· Mev 27 . 
Applicants must have been RA., MAl, 
? eer Adv isor s . Or In ter n. . Any 

~ue.ti on.. R ick Blver at Revelle 
h.i dent 0 e. n. (51 731 

Appl icetl on. available lor summer 
Re. ldent Adv i sor Positions. : 
poeitionl. Get r efe,,"1 at Studen, 
E mplovment OfficI and b ri ng it tc 
Revelle Relident Oe.n. oeadlona-· 
Mav 27. Any que.tionl. Me rv Cox , 
R .velle Relident oNn. 151 231 

WE TAKE COMICS VERY SERIOUSLY! 
... AT THE 1~75 s ...... DIEGO 

~C3 
@@)!if 

... ~ ToT"'LL'o' UNIQUE COtNENTION 
WITH CARTOOI'IISTS , ~ITEI\S , 
"liIMA,ORS, OLl>COMIC BOOKS . 
SCIENCE FICTION , MOVIES, MAGIC , 
ART SHOW , COSTVME 8 ... I.L , AWARPS, 
MNQUET , SP,o<¥:ETHEATRE' 
AND MUCH MORE •.• 
INCLUDING THESE SPECIAL GUESTS : 
ST"'N LEE 
R ... Y 8~"'OaU"Y 
WIll EISNER 
J/'I:.K KIR.& ... 
F!USSElLMVERS 
ROseRT 8l0CH 
CHUCK JOt-iES , 
VAUGHN &OOE 
GEORGE PAL. 
&08 CLAMPETT 
fIOYTHO"' ... S 
""RRY SMITH 
GILK, .. NE 
SlEAAHKO 
JIM STARLI N 
STE"E ENG\.EHART 
FRANK 6RUNNER 

l£~ .... VERV 
JE~R~' SIE6!.L 
GEt1E H ..... ElTON 
DIe\<. MOORES 
KIRlC.ALVN 

1S~~It. \.ANSKY 
RUSS M "1'011'011 NG 
FR"",K RIt>C>EW .... Y 
JUNE fOAAY 
f'Wl .'''1 "'-1'11""1': (.V ...... IER 
&08 FOSlER 

PI'I"T~IC\(' CULLITON 

JULY 30 THRU AUGUST 3 
EL CORTEZ HOTELSAN DIEGO 

FOR FULL-INFO , SEND'" ST ... MPED, SfLF-ADI>RESSEC> ENVELDP'E TO I 
COMl~-COrt, f!O . -.o){ "'066 - .... SAN 01£60. CA .cn1l7 
,., SEE YOU IN THE FUNNY PAGES! 



Page eight Triton TImes Wednesday, May 21,1975 

~~~~~~~~~-~h~~ Happening~~~~~~~~~~ 

SOIIrlng Club CJeneraI M_lIenhIp 
m .. tlng - Electl >n of OffIcen - M.y 21 
7:311 pm In the Rwelle Informel Lou""e 
111211 

Comm. BMrd ....... ng. Thun. 12 noon. 
2nd floor North. ltudent Center 11/211 

Rwali. Graduating leniora: 
C .... mHtinv. large conferane. room. 
Stud.nt Center Lounge. Tueedey May 
27th .t noon. B.rbera ft M(k. will be 
there to .newer quat(one Iibout the 
Inhlnt nutrftion project.. for our c:IMa 
d_tlon. AnvoM w.nt to have a 
gradlllltion party? 11/231 

CPI Gym Concerte Subcommittee 
meeta tom_ at 4:00 PM In the 
StudentC .... ter. (11211 

I activities I [_.n_o_es_ 
WOMEN'S ENTERTAINMENT SERIEI: 
Don .. Con_ on the flute tonight. 
.... pm. Mulr'ftDlme. f"EE. II/211 

UmlMrto Eeo "1ocIeI LIf ... I s.n 
Svstem" tonl.ht Rm. 2IZ2 USB .t I. 
p.m. (11211 

"Revell. needII. Budget R_rc. 
Group RE P for neaty .. r. The r.ep will 
be elected durIng the RCCA electl_. 
May 21·21. Appllc.tlon. from 
Yolanda. R .v.lI. P r ovoet Offlc • . 
APPL Y II D .. dllne. M.y 21. (51 211 . 

N_ CI ... LIT/EN 121 - COUfH Cod. 
.... . Surv.y of Britl.h Llt.r.tur •• ince 
1900 - Prof McC.dd.n - MWF 1-1:50 HSS 
2301. (5/Z1 I 

THANKS to J.nnl Murrey. Rick Bev.r. 
H.rv.y D.nlel •• Su .. n McW". Rob. 
H.I.n .nd .11 th_ who helped .bov. 
and beyond the cell of duty to make 
'The Dane.' •• ucc_. Larry Duk. for 
Commut.r Studenta A •• oc.II/Z11 

I---~------Advertisements for Ourselves~----'--~-~~---l 
,. I 

Nlkon LeM a-. Zoom for .ell .,21. or 
tnde for IOmm Nlkon L.ne or 131mm 
Nlkqn Len • . Robert .... 377I. 111/211 

One body glove ~It jecket •• m.1I & 
one pelr Clark Trek ."-•• Iz. 10. Both 
like n_. 4a-4I7I or ',21 HSa. 15/231 

Apt. .Iz. refrlg. X-It _kl"" condo 
ta.OO. Blo II rext n .oo C.II P.ul .t 
452-.... I 51 211 

HP • • 2001 lint offer . 'fed. nlghta 
..... (6/211 

Tr.vellng compenlon to hltchhlk. 
ecr_ U.s. _ntedC ... , . (5(211 

YAMAHA RD..,. Bog ... R.ck & Box. 
Extr ••• Sup.rbl 765-3538 Evening • . 
.70011 (6/231 

ROLLING STONES TICKETS: LA Forum 
In July. Good _ta. C.II ..... ,.. B •• t 
to r .. ch .h.r' pm (5/211 

GOVERNMENT SCREW UPI N.w 
Mlllt.ry j.ck.t.. v.lu.. to .,00 
dl.counted to .25. D.n or Ter ... 453-
12311. 211 Argo H.II 15/231 

1170 Ford G.laxl. 4-Dr good condition. 
r.dlo • • Ir condltlonln .. Pow.r St .. rlng. 
17 mpg $8IiO Frank or Ann x43211 (5/211 

Hond. CL 100 Motorcycl. Str.et!-
Scrembl.r 4000 mil ... Excellent Con-
dition. plu. extre. $400 756-7516 Mark 
(5/211 
66 VW Bus Excellent Condition. New 
Engine. New Peint. N_ Int.rior. Mu.t 
See. $1250 or b .. t offer. 278-1219. Leeve 
n.me end Number (6/231 

YAMAHA 1972 RD350 Good Condo New 
Clutch & Tune UP. Good Tire •. $475.00 
488-3872. (5/231 
1966 HONDA 305. Taken epart. but 
everything's here. Best off.r. Y.maha 
12 string guitar - $100. 756-6838. Eve •. 
Mario. (5/21t 

'72 Yamaha 175 CT2 Good Condition. 
Bob 481 -0771 (51 231 
E lectrophonic stereo 8·treck. w I two 
P ioneer e i r suspension spaa ke ... 
Excellent condition. Coat $120 lell $55. 
462·1895 (5/ 231 

MINOL TA ROKKOR LE NS 135 mm. 
12.8. with case. One year old. like new 
$105.00. Ron. x3319. Or 225-8369 after 
5: 00. (51 231 
Joe Brown Expedition Rucklac all 
accessoriel axcellent condition 
perfect for ski touring. Alking $35. 
Mitch 453-6816( 51 211 
1973 Subaru Lo Mileage 30 mpg $2200 
Ted 462-4466. DaYI(51 281 
AME RICA Concert R elerved Front 
Row on-the-floor Se.t. for Mon 61 26 
at SO Sporta Arena 469-6419 (61 231 
1961 Mercury Very F In. Condition 
Power Brk ••• ~e,ring . On. Own.r $375 
464-1333 (6/ 21 
OIHn Cry.ta l 8~" SwllII~ 11. Good 
sh.p • . Mu.t 1,,11 m ·7010 (51 211 
M.rtin 0 ·185 yrs. oIdl plywood c ... 
x'nt conditien. lI .. t or,a • . 217-:z.. 
(51 231 

FOR 1)fE SUMMER 
WORK IN THE EAST 
EARN $206 / WEEK 

459-0661 

LES PAUL cOlly·Crown. Excellent condo 
w/ceH. Br_n eunbunt. Paid ... 
_king .,715/Bnt offer. 4I2-11I2-M.rk. 
(6/231 
73 Chevy Capric • . c .... lc conv.rtlble. 
whit. toP. whit. Int.rlor. N.w 
Flmtone R.dlale. Super cl .. n $2215. 
224-71. (pl/21) 
Flat 71 Sport _ Spld.r conv.rtlbl •. 
32.000 mU... Cherry red - In .uperb 
condition .'100. 271-8031 ev.nlng •. 412-
3119 dey. (pl/21 I 
YARD SALE I Ampex c .... tt recorder. 
... t.nt. v.cuum cl .. ner. furniture. 
clothee. books. hou_.r ..... S.tlSun 
10-1. I0OI P •• eo del Ocao. (5/231 
P.noeonlc C.eaetta Record.r $II) _ 2 
mo. old with w.rrentl.r papars .75 or ? 
K.n 583-2638 (5/211 
DOKORDER 7050. elx hade. .uto 
r.ve,... echo. .oundon.ound. record. 
both direction.. self contelned .mp. 
need. - 3OO/b .. t off.r. BRIAN 452·_ 
(5/3D1 
82 VW C.mp.r. 9000 mU .. on rebuilt 
angine. n_ battery .nd tlr... Body 
rough on on •• Id • . tIIOO. 274-3451 (5/211 

personals 

G.t your teeth into .omethln9 julcyl 
The Food CooP. BI.k. Hall (next to the 
Ic. rHm Hu.tlerI10-4 dally (pl/lI 

Th. Graat D.y (.Inglng groupl requ .. t. 
the honour of YOUr pr ... nc. at a 

WEDDING PREVIEW Frld.y. th. · 
tw.nty-third of M.y .t .even-thlrty 
o·clock. L.mon Grov. U.C.C 2770 GI.be 
Rd .• L.mon Grov • . RSVP Mrs. Richerd 
"'!hit • . 469-4021 Donation . • 3.50 (pS/211 

A WEDDING PREVIEW? It'. wedding 
f .. hlons. music. and format In three 
styles. informal. I.mi -formal . and 
formal. Come for antertainment. 
ideas .... (pS/211 

Dear Poob. 
"UU can't beliave this can you - nalther 
cen II love. D. (5/211 
To the sweetheert of Muir: 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUDE 
From Cath. Jan. Joyce. Linda. John 
Lee. Drew. Steve T. Kevin. Blake. Kurt. 
Steve I. Margie. r.cy. Sue. Sally. 
Debbie. Boo-Boo. Bozo. Keri Amy. 
Aunt Anita. Cumqullt, Hertzlieblatt. 
and of course - Eric. (5/211 
J -P: Thank you for making me care 
again. It'a baen a long time. I'm glad 
you·reyou. 

. Love. Me (5/211 

Sweetlega 
Th.nks for ell the free rid.s. I'll make it 
worth your wild. S.S. (5/211 
JRM . YATAOME · Happy 331 lov. your 
JRM . (5/211 
TRACY. Hi. and Happy Birthdayl (e 
we.k or .0 .go'. I hop. It w •• a mighty 
fin. day. Lov. John (6/211 
J.J . ("Th.nk God I'm • Country Boy"l. 
w.t.r.w.t.r ev.rvwher •• - on whom It 
fall. naxt, you'd b.ttar bew.r.1I (5/211 
M.rk M.gged. Fred V.rnacchl. .nd 
R .. d WiI.on: H. did the .. m. bull.hlt 
you·r. NOW dol"". Don't worry you'lI 
get 1n .. .NERDS ALWAYS 001 - CLEM 
CLON~ (6/21, 

FOR RENT 
Two nic. dupl.x.. In Pacific B .. ch 
CiON to FWY 15 .nd La JoIle: (11 3 
bedroom. 2 baths c.rpet draperl .. 
atov •• nd r.frlg ... tor .. , month. IZI 2 
bedroom. 1 bath - .econd floor cerpet 
dr.p.ri.s .tov. .nd r.frig.r.tor 
$2001 month. Shere of g.rage for both 
duplexas. Pl •••• c.II8-t164. (,,/231 

F .m.l. roomm.t. _nted: Sept 
June. Fur nl.had. :I .hort blocke to L .J . 
Shor .. B •• ch. cion to UCSO bu •• 
~Ir.pl.c ••• m.1I y.rd. pats o.k, Own 
room .,. or aher ..... ch. DI.ne 
452-1779 (61 211 

W.nted - R oorn from Jun. 1-1. will 
help wI r.nt. B.rry -.eI32 or 412-
97715. 
F or Sale · T.nnl. R.cqu.t. WiI.on T-
2000$211 (51 211 

Threef.m.I •• _nted. four bdrm. two 
ba .townhou ••. Av.lI.bl. June 3D.75 & 
utllltl... 3 mil •• to .chool 4I2~176 
(II 21 

(MI rmt. _nted June 16-Sept 15 
.ndl or n.xt y .. r. L.S.U. I .0 fin. u 
won' t b.liev.1 _It. D.vld T. 3111 Apt 
E vi. Allc. nt. L .J . (51 211 

Roommat. wanted - .h.r. 2 Br. hou •• 
in Clairamont ar ••• '10.00 month 27e-
8166 (5/211 

Own Room av.iI.bla Juna 15. 2 mi. of 
campu • . Male or Famale $I7.liO/ mo. guy 
or candy. eves. 462-0487 (51211 

Female houaemate n •• ded for on. 
month. May 17·June 17. Own room 
furnilhed house In Leucadia, $50. 
Nonsmoker. Cindy 436·9996 or 436-4876. 
(5/211 

Female roommate wanted. own rOom 
$90. Includes. util. cable Tv. telephone 
So. Clairmont. Big Yard. 275-0960 after 
5. Randv or Diana (p5/301 

F M roommata needed for summer . 
Own room in Solana Beech hou.e. 
Walk to beach. $80 month. 755-9578 
(51 211 

Two female non·smo"ers looking for 
two rooms to rent for the summer. 
Pref.r North County. Deb - 756-3464. 
Leave mea.age. (5/231 
Gene .. ee Highla nd. townhouse. 
taatefully furnishad 3 bdrm 1 1/2 bath. 2 
milel from UCSO from July 1st 
$32S/ mo. 452-9M2 (pS/21 
Need fame I. room mat. to .hare I.rge 2 
b.droom condominium with 2 oth.r 
glrll $96.00 mo. R.ally nice. Debbl. 462-
9969 or Sue 481-0149 (5/281 
Gen ..... HIghl.nd. townhou •• 2 
bdrm. 1 b.th. 2 mil •• UCSD June 15 
$250/mo (or two .her.,462 .... (pl/21 
Shere Ilrg. two·b.droom hOUH in 
Million Hills. F.nced y.rd. Sunny. 
$112.50 plus utlllti... Avallabl. 1m· 
medl.taly or June 1. 274-1213. ___ . 
(5/3D1 
Fm. Roomm.t. needed. Mu.t be quiet. 
neat. non-.mok.r to .her. Z bed . • pt. In 
Del Mar (furnl.hedl .,00 mo. Av.lI. 
June 1. Judy •• '·1470 e.rly a .m. or late 
p.m. (51211 

• 
All new clothing ond skiis 
ot rock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENUE 
4~4-1410 

Shere hou .. for eummer. June 1I-F.II. 
C.rdlff Lagoon .1. month. Pref_r. 
Gred .tudent. MORF. ...,. Judy. 
111211 

Roomm.te .-cIed June 15. Non-
.mok.r with pienta for Del M.r Apt. 
with .. m •. 716-4311 (51211 
2 m.l .. to .here room in condominium. 
for .umm.r only. M3 & utilltl ••. N •• r 
UCSD. 462-'" (5/231 
F.mal. Roomm.t. wanted to .her. 
room In hou .. In 0.1 M.r. "/mo. 
Mu.t partlclpete In Communal food 
pl.n. ph. "-1014 (5/231 
Rooms for R.nt. CrOM from B.y. 3777 
Rlvl.ra Dr .. P.B. (5/211 
VISlnNG PROFESSOR NEEDS HOME 
NEAR UCSD-- JULY 25 THROUGH 
AUGUST 26. Two adulta and thr .. 
child ran. Excell.nt ret.r.nc .. provided. 
452-3141 (1111211 

. want~ 
SCIENCE FICTION p.p.rback. w.nt.d 
by UCSD S.F. Club for donetion to HL 
L.nding Library. Call Con.n .t 464-1023 
(pS/231 

Wa n •• d color blind lubjects for vi.ion 
exp.rim.nt. which .r. about to b.gin. 
We will pey YOU to b. initi.lly t •• t.d 
and will give you the r •• ulta of your 
color vision t .. ts with no oblig.tion. If 
yOU are tfi. type of color blind p.rson 
that wa are looking for. you c.n earn .2 
par hour by participating in vi. ion 
experimentl which c.n ext.nd ov.r a 
p.rlod of many week. if you chooe • . 
If you er. intera.ted. plee.e call x392. 
Or stop bv B668 in building 2C' 
(Psychology Annexl (pS/231 

Speed Reeders 1600 wpm or ·moral 
wantad for Plych experiments on 
reading. $l .88/ hr. Call x2542 (dayl 436· 
4329 (evel . Leava name and phone no. 
Mark (6/231 

5 to 8 people willing to play SPI 
simulation during summer . Strategy 
I. If interested. Kim 273-1610(51 211 

Appointment secretaries for part time 
. 2 hrsl evening max 101 wk hours 
lIexible. Making appointmants by 
telaphone for college Maater 
program. Prefer So. or Jr . Call Mr . 
HOfNerton 270-6800. Offic. locat.d at 
4601 Mis.ion Bay Dr. Sulta 3-A. Call 
for interviewb.tw •• n2-4. (51 211 
PLEASE HELP I The Vi.tnam 
refug •• s .t Pendl.ton d •• p.rU.ly 
n •• d clotha.. book.. r.cr •• tion 
equipment. D.posit at Host R .nt-. -
c.r downtown - info. 452-8175. (1111 211 

I need rid. to Bay Ar.a ah.r Jun. 12. 
Will h.lp with driving. .nd ga.ollne. 
ColI •• n 462-1115. 

Stud.nt with Int.r .. t and background 
in N.uroaci.nc. to help with Project. 
Good HI.ry paid for approx. 15 hours 
work. Bob-43l-8l3O Mornings - lit. 
night (5/211 
Need .tud.nta thet hav .... t dog. to fill 
out qu .. tlonelre. Eric c-m:l 15/Z1 I 
Need .tud.nta thet hev. pet dop to fill 
out qu •• tlonalr • . Eric 412-11313 (51211 

. 

services 
I need • rid. to HolII.t.r. On the w.y to 
SF. S.n Jo ... Sante Cruz - etc. M.y 23-
24 Craig 412·.' (5/211 
Need • rid. to S.F. B.y Ar ... Frl M.y 
23rd. Will .her. drivlng/g ••. Kim .... 
8832 (5/211 
Good hom.. for v.rlou. colored. 
b •• utlful kltt.ns. R •• dy to I •• va 
moth.r In June. FREE 413-9011 .h.r C-
P.M. (5/211 
Articulat. Ind lit.nt. wrlt.r. Inter .. ted 
in revl_lng The Oedipus C.rnlv.1 .nd 
Rar.y Sh_ for the TT. 5 .. Larry .-. 
(5/211 
FULLER BRUSH Boer Bri.tl. Hair-
brush... For Full.r Bru.h S.rvlc. 464-
_ or 411-7375 (1121 

Summ.r work b.ck E.et. Earn .2431. 
C.II ___ 1. illll 

RESEARCH AIDS - North Amerlc.·. 
larg .. t .,rvlc • . For cetalogu ••• nd .2 
to: E .HY Servlc ... 57 5pedlne _208. 
Toronto. OntariO. C.n.d • . AI.o. 
c.mpu. r.pr ••• nt.tlv .. r.qulr.d. 
Pi .... writ • . • ,1-___ (~I II 
Anyone Int.r •• ted in Inform.tlon 
r.g.rdlng purch ••• of • HANG 
GLIDE R or I .. rning how to fly . 
contact Mich .. 1 711--' or Jim 462-
1771. (5/211 
Sav. yours.lf .om. mon.yl I'll r.p.lr 
your motorcycl •• nd t .. ch you how to 
do it whil.1 do it· .umm.r too. Greg. 
m -1I32 .ftar I pm (pil I' 

EUROPE-ISREAL-ORIENT LOW COST 
STUDENT FLIGHTS. CONTACT: AIST 
(7141 544-9333. 1742 HEATHER AVE. 
TUSTIN. CALIF. 92110 (pS/211 

, travel 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE, 
ISRAEL ORIENT. Low price. - long and 
short flights . Limited Ipac • . 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1401 
We.twood Blvd. LA 90024 (2131 879-9121 
or.n-111216/61 

EUROPE·ISRAEL-AFRICA-ORIENT Low 
co.t flight • • tour • • the whole .tudent 
bit. At Our office over 200 FREE non-
commercial pemphl.ts. brochur ..... big 
bucks laving. ESTC 510 W. Sixth. Suite 
318 L.A. 9001. (2131623·2821 (pS/., 

SSW Travel Office . ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'I Student 10. Eurail. HOltal Card • • 
Tripping Magazln.. etc. UCSD In-
tern.tional c.nter 462.ne30 11 .m-4 pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Clo.ad Tu.s-Thurs. (pl/lI 

EUROPE-ISREAL-AFRICA Stud.nt 
flight. year round. Contect: 
ISCA 
11887 San Vic.nt. Blvd. No. 4 
L.A. Calif. 10049 
T.I: (2131828-_.121-0IIII (~/II 
Ch.rt.r & R.gular alrlin. tick.ts. Phon. 
_-4415 University Trav.I2241 Ave. D. 
La Play •• La Jolla. C • . (111/.,. 

UNiON of JEwish STudENTS 
May 21 : Dr. Joshua Blau--UCLA--will sf)eak on "Revival 

of Hebrew as a Spoken Language." HL 1205 8 : flO 
May22 : VERY IMPORTANT 

PLANNING MEETING FOR 
'75- 76. Student Center Conference 
Room upstairs, 7:00 

May 23 ' Shabbat Dinner , Muir Apartment Lounge, 7:00 

Remember Isr;:)eli danCIng Monday nights 


