
ucs- Mo"uy, March 10, 197J 

Lit Grads Stage 'Work Action' 
Mandeville Center Dedicated; 
Hitch, Stewart Honored 

Charles Hitch 

libertarian Founder 

Nearly .ten years after the idea for it was conceived, UC San Diego's 
Mandeville Center for the Performing Arts was officially dedicated 
Thursday night with a black-tie dinner in the Revelle cafeteria and a 
performance of specially-commissioned avant-garde music in the 
Center's auditorium . 

The opening was attended by UC President Charles Hitch Muir 
provost and Center Director John Stewart, campus architect Quincy 
Jones, Paul Neilson of the Neilson Construction Company the 
Chancellor and the school's three former Chancellors. ' 

The ex-chancellors are John Galbraith, Herbert York, and Columbia 
University President Herbert McGill 

During the dedication ceremony, Chancellor McElroy presented 
Stewart, a primary organizer and planner for the Mandeville Center 
with his own chair In the new900-seat auditorium . ' 

At the dinner, hosted by the Chancellor's Club, McElroy pre ented 
President Hitch with a special award . Hitch will retire his post in June 
after seven and a half year 

.Hitch, at the dedication, said he hoped "good vibrations" would 
resound in the center for years to come. 
The music received mixed reviews from the audience. The Chancellor 

commented that the pieces were "a little far out for me," while one of 
the performers said it had the power to "cure split ends " 

Before the dedication, the guests were met by a group of protesting 
graduate students from the Literature Department (see story, this 
page) 

John Hospers SpeHks Here Friday 
The sole difference between 

the State and the mafia is that 
"The State .. . claims a monopoly 
over the right to say what persons 
or institutions shall use force," 
asserted Dr. John Hospers Friday 
night at Muir. Hospers, the 
libertarian Party presidential 
candidate in 1972 and current 
philosophy professor at USC, 
spoke on basic libertarian 
philosophy. 

Hospers began his lecture by 
tracing the history of utopias. He 
began with'Plato's Republic . What 
all utopian philosophers have had 
in common, he said, is a 
willingness to use force to make 
others accept their beliefs. 

The result of force, according 
to Hospers, is the robbery of the 
rational decision making process 
which is a person's only means of 
survival. And "the institution 
whose stock and trade is force is 
the State ... the government." 

Power to Protect 
What distinguishes a Liber-

tarian utopia from past utopias is 
that the State has " very. little 
power, if apy at all." Hospers said 
that the State would have only 

~nough power to protect its 
Inhabitants . Another 
disti nguishing factor, Hospers 
continued, is that in a Libertarian 
ociety everyone is allowed to 

follow their own beliefs, not 
those of the founder . 

Hospers cited Oppenheimer, 
the German historian who in the 
1920s said that the State 
originated as a legal means of 
seizing the goods of others, thus 
perpetuating a "parasite class" in 
society. "So the origin of the 
State ... is in perdition and 
plunder," says Hospers. 

But, he asked, does the State ' 
provide any useful services? He 
b lieves that mo:;t Americans 
have. been trained, mainly in the 
public chool system, to belie~ 

• that many services can be 
provided only by the State. This 
Hospers sees as a falacy . 

To support that claim Hospers 
referred to Woolridge's Uncle 
5.1m the Monopoly M~n . Hospers 
said that Woolridge documents 
how the government took over 
the post office, the road system 
and the currency system, and 
how all those organ i zations 
immediately grew much more 
inefficient than they had been 
under private ownership. When 
the mails were operated privately, 
Hospers said, they were delivered 
at one-fifth what the government 
charges, and still at a profit. 

Hospers also claimed that 

inflation is the result of govern-
ment interference. He defined 
inflation as the condition created 
when the government increases 
the amount of paper money in 
circulation without a 
corresponding increase in goods 
produced. For this reason 
Hospers said "Money is the last 
th ing you should trust govern-
ment with ." 

"M~ke Work" Subs 
Hospers compared current anti-

inflationary measures to "putting 
a bandaid on a busted watermain. 

Continued on P~ge 6 • 

Conde Calls For Voluntary 
Student Activity Fees 

by J~mes G. Soto 
San Diego County Supervisor Lou Conde spoke in support of a 

voluntary campus activity fee before UC San Diego students last 
Thursday in the Revelle Plaza 

Conde, perhaps the most controversial member of the Board of 
Supervisors, was the featured speaker in a rally sponsored by a group of 
tudents who have petitioned the administration for a referendum on 

the $6 mandatory campus activity fee. 
Conde said that he doesn't believe students should have to support 

activities which they don't believe in . "Conservative students should 
not have to fund liberal students and liberals should not have to fund 
conservatives." 

Conde said that the mandatory fee should become voluntary. He 
argued, "Student activities that students want will be supported . Those 
that aren't wanted should not be supported by the student body." 
The rally, held in the rain, was attended by not more than 30 tudents. 
Ho~ever, Conde spoke with students for over 40 minutes on subjects 
ranging from the Comprehensive Planning Organization (CPO), to free 
access to public beaches, the subject that attracted the mo t attention . 
Conde, concerning a new airport in San Diego, said, " Nobody has the 
guts to say that the airport is going to have to stay at Lindburgh Field ." 
The Board of Supervisors officially took a stand in favor of moving the 
airport to Miramar Naval Air Station. 

Conde, sporting a lapel button that read "lGG," standing for lero 
Government Growth, bantered With a few students on both the virtue 
of the free enterprise system and mall government and the v~ue of 
socialism and big government. Before election to the Board of 
Supervisors in 1972, Conde was Pre ident of the San Diego Ta pay rs 
ASSOCiation and was active in on rvative politics . 

onde rcpre ents the North an Diego City neighborhood 
Board of Supervisor, in luding th UCSD pre inet . 

Department Won't Hire T As 
Beyond Twelve Quarters 

by Mark Stadler 
Because they feel their demands for job assurance were not 

satisfactorily met by the Literature Department, the Literature 
graduate students declared a work action Friday. Whether this 
will develo~ in~o. a strike &:pends, the ,students say, on the 
department s wlllmgness to gIve them wntten assurance of job 
security for the spring quarter. 

The work action culminated developments that began when the 
lit dep~me.nt announced that only 66 teaching assistant 
positions would be available in the spring down from the 85 
positions this quarter , ' 

"Constructive Approach" 
From discussions with several 

of the grad students various 
definitions of work action have 
been voiced . The one that seems 
most acceptable to grad students 
is "a constructive approach to a 
situation," the sit'Jation being a 
" breakdown in relations amongst 
teaching personnel," " a positive 
action" In an attempt "at re-
establishing a human situation in 
the labor force" at UC San Diego. 

Department chairman Joseph 
Sommers was in conference 
Friday and scheduled to depart 
for Minnesota that afternoon. The 
Triton Times could not reach him 
for comment . Chairman of 
Literature Graduate Studies 
Abraham Dijkstra said that the 
term work action was too vague 
for comment. When asked what 
he would think if work action 
meant strike, he said, "Then I 
would have to think about that." 

Resolution ~nd Response 
After learning of the proposed 

cutbacks in teaching assistant 
positions, a group of 60 Literature 
grad students met February 26 
and issued a resolution to 
Sommers stating in part that it 
was "unanimously resolved" that 
all graduate students be 
guaranteed 50 percent job 
support for the spring quarter. If 
this guarantee was not given by 
March 5 "the graduate students 
would be forced to initiate a work 
action ." 

I n response, Sommers issued a 
memorandum to graduate 
students stating that on March 3 
he was attending meeting With 
the chairmen of programs 
receiving funding support for 
graduate students ; Council of 
Provosts Chairman Watson and 

With the department chairmen . 
The agenda of the last meeting 
included discussion of T A 
allocations for the following year 
and Sommers said, " It could well 
be that some of the discussion 
will be on the present problem ." 

Coming out of that flurry of 
meetings was an offer of em-
ployment to all Literature grad 
students except those who have 
already accumulated 12 or more 
quarters of support. It IS against 
University rules to offer financial 
support to graduate students who 
have had 12 quarters of support. 
However , according to one 
Literature grad student, in the 
past the University has used those 
students when they were needed. 

"Signific~nt Efforts" 
Forty lit grad students met 

March 5 to discuss the offer. From 
that meeting came resolution that 
while they appreciated the 
"significant efforts" of Sommers 
and Dijkstra, their demands had 
not been satisfactorily met, and 
so they felt "compelled to begin a 
work action ," They complained 
that students with 12 or more 
quarters of support were not 
given jobs, and that " no firm 
written assurance of support was 
given ... for the graduate students 
in general." The grad students 
"will adjust the intensity of the 
work action to the promptness 
and success with which the 
department meets ... (their) 
demands." 

Speech at Mandeville Opening 
At the Mandeville Center 

opening last Thursday night a 
presentation was given before the 
ceremon ies began by two 
Literature TA's and an un -
dergraduate Linguistics tutor. The 

Continued on Page 6 

Chapin Leaves 

Ledden Back at Muir 
Pat Ledden will return to Muir 

College a the A ociate Provost 
in the pring after a hiatus of 
nearly two years. 

Ledden , a mathematics 
profe sor, will replace th-e 
as istant Provo t. Paul Chapin, 
who will be leaving U an 
Di go for the National Science 
Foundation at the end of the 
spring quarter.Chapin will tart 
at NSF in the ummer. Ledden 
left MUIr ollege in the ummer 
of 1973 to becOl'lle th acting 
Provo t at Fourth Coil ge dUring 
It planning tag . 

MUIr Provo t John tewart , 
said Ledden, "will hav con-
\idcrably mor dutle than he 
had when h wa la t at MUIr ., 
tewart will ontinu to be In 
harg of a ademic pOll y and 

per onnel and will direct most 
of the long range planning and 

progra~ 

' Pal Ledden 



()J?IIII()~ 
Student Activism: Channels for Change 

BY LI~COLN CUSHING 

ITEM: After considerable student activism 
during th'e mid-6O's, an Academic Senate Select 
Committee on Education was formed at Berkeley 
to develop academic guidelines which would 
meet the needs demanded by students. If! 1965, 
the Muscatine Report recommended that "ad-
visors should be authorized to permit students at 
any stage of their experience to undertake 
supervised independent study involving any 
portion of their time justifiable by sound 
educational reasons". Special studies (199's, 198's) 
were formed. Subsequently, the intent of special 
studies has been continually warped - restrictions 
added include limitation of special studies a 
professor may sponsor, limitation to upper 
division students, limitations to majors in the 
department . Last spring, the Committee un 
Educational Policy (CEP) recommended to the 
Academic Senate that 199's be offered only for 
Pass/ Not Pass, except for "special circumstances". 
Although faculty are solely responsible for giving 
out grades, it was because of a few complaints 
that students were "getting A's for washing 
glassware" that the proposal passed. How long 
will the victims of a coercively grade-value 
education be blamed? 

ITEM: In March of 1969, the Black Students 
Council and the Mexican-American Youth 
Association presented a proposal for Lumumba-
Zapata College (3rd) which stressed an internal 
autonomy and a Board of Directors composed of 2 
students, 1 faculty member and the Provost. May 
6, 1969, Prof. Rappaport's proposal, of a Board 
consisting of 3 students, 2 faculty, and the Provost 
which would have complete control over all FTE's 
(faculty positions) allocated to 3rd, passed the 

"Academic Senate. The final plan was approved by 
the Senate Dec. 8, 1%9, and was approved by the 
Regents Feb. 20, 1970. Since then, the power of 
students over the determination of their own 
education has conti nually been eroded, with 
many of the decisions made over college 
programs not even being controlled by the college 
itself. Urban and Rural Studies, Third World 
Studies, and Communications do not even have 
departmental status . The original design of L-Z 
College, which came about through sincere 
organized efforts on the part of students and 
sympathetic faculty, is now so completely tamed 
that the 3rd College Council is trying to "find a 
name" for the college! 

It is essential that we learn from our mistakes. 
I n order to evaluate a project's effectiveness in' 
affecting fundamental educational change it 
becomes important to study the process of the 
change, rather than the immediately visible end 
result. Two criteria stand above all others in this 
regard -

-To what extent did/ does/ will the action ex· 
pose, in a clear and open fashion , some of the 
unacceptable elements of the institution? In other 
words, how much will the action depend upon a 
sound analysis of the system's contradictions? The 
institution operates under both explicit and 
implicit agendas, and the degree to which the 
hidden priorities are revealed will determine the 
depth to which change is sought. 

-To what extent does the change come about as 
a result of mass action? Students have no formal 

~wer within the university system, and in order 
for students to meet faculty and administrators at 
an equal level , strength through unity is a 
prerequisite bargaining tool. Mass action should 
generate from, or develop into, organizations 
capable of assuring that change victories are 
maintained. 

Both of these relate well to the problem of 
structural vs. consciousness change. No sub-
stantial chan ~'e can occur without both a 
modification Dr, reorganization of the social 
structures anc an elevation of human con-
sciousness. It dbes little good for students to 
achieve parity on key academic committees if 
those students have no idea what is wrong with 
the institution or what it could move towards. 
Conversely, to expect that the univt:isit"{ cOldrl 
accomodate SE- If·assured, perceptive and creative 
students as ec uals in the academic community 
without considerable modification to its system of 
authority distribJtion would be absurd. The above 
mentioned cm erja both deal w ith structural and 

consciousness change. The former involves 
theory, where an understanding of the in-
stitutional structure is used to generate an 
awareness of the true nature of problems con-
fronting students. The latter, on the other hand, is 
practice. Mass action in its simplest form is no 
more than a large number of people with a shared 
demand confronting authority power with their 
physical presence. However, mass action can 
become a sophisticated and powerful tool when it 
is part of a larger process which involves groups 
and organizations gathering information, 
developing analyses, and choosing strategies. By 
involving large numbers C'f people in many levels 
of the change process, it allows individuals to 
internalize new concepts and feelings which are 
necessary for the construction of a more 
democratic and responsive environment. 

There are' many areas of concern to students 
which can be affected by organized and 
deliberate action . Of these, four stand out to me 
as perhaps meeting the most immediate needs 
and therefore standing the best chances of ac-
tual izatioa -

Housing 
Shelter is one of the basic human needs, yet for 

many students the high cost of housing con-
stricts an already tight budget. The University 
Community Master Plan states that " University 
housing is not merely a convenience or even a 
service, they are an essential part of the func-
tioning of a university. In adopting a revision of 
the Master Plan for development around UCSD, 
the Regents endorsed the philosophy that 'a 
critical feature for the entire community must be 
a recognition of the University's commitment .. . 
to permit real access to the community to all 
economic, ethnic, and racial groups. It is 
therefore imperative that some inexpensive and 
attractive student rental units be made available 
within one mile of the campus' ". 

Fine words, but in practice university housing is 
as expensive as off-campus housing, and rates are 
shooting up further next year. Considering the 
breaks the University gets over private developers 
(free land, no property taxes, etc.), these rates are 
inexcusable . Students can inf luence the costs and 
planning of future University housing, and could 
even demand a more just rent for the space they 
now occupy. Off-campus hOUSing, such as the 
proposed University Town Center, can also be 
influenced by students ~o that it will produce 
apartments that will not exploit the student 
market. 

Departmental Student Unions 
One of the most reasonable sectors of the 

University for students to become actively in-
volved is at the departmental level. Students who 
are majoring in a field should have some input as 
to tli~;-kind of faculty hired and the design of the 
curric ula . This is particularly important in 
departments with large amount~ of internal 
struggle (Political Science) and external struggle 
(U .R.S., Communications) . 

Both undergraduate and graduate Students 
could benefit from an increased voice in 
departmental decisions, and numerous depart-
mental unions would serve as an excellent base 
for working on larger sca le educational change, 
such as college requirements and the develop-
ment of new programs. 

Student Consumer Co-ops 
There are presently attempts being made to 

provide students with low-cost goods and ser-
vices, among them the Used Book Co-op, the 
Musician's Guild, various food co-ops, the Bike 
Co-op, and the Student Print Co-op. As non-profit 
organ i zations, these co-ops can create student 
employment and provide alternatives to the 
monopolistic University enterprises (such as the 
UCSD Bookstore). By incorporating and coor-
dinating such efforts, students can develop their 
own economi c base for supporting other projects . 

Media/Comm unications 
Immediate steps must be taken to expand the 

option s open to students seeking information and 
analysiS of the University and ~u rrounding 
community . journals which present diverse 
opin ions should be encouraged, both financially 
(revision of Communications Board Constitution 
to permit funding of publ ications with editorial 
boards composed of ex- and non-students as well 
as students) and academically (Investigative 
Journalism 198?) . The concept of the " Academic 
Community" as theonly valid community must be 
changed. 

triton 
times 

Malcolm Smilh, Edilor, Rick Rodewald, Business Manager 
The Tn'ton Times is published by the UCSD Communzcations 
Board on Monday, Wednesday and Pn'day during each period of 
instruction . The opinions expressed in the Tn'lon Times do not 
necessarily reflect those of the UCSD Communications board or 
the UCSD studenl body. 

Pale 2 Triton Times March 10, 1975 

Letters 
Buy American 

From time to time I have read about ecology 'and the scarcity of fuel . 
For openers, if we took half the cars off the highway today we would 
lose millions in taxes plus who knows how many out of work. 

We are known as a country of users; we use products which in turn 
keep others employed. . 

I think that in order for the country to survive the slump we are 
presently in, we Will have to start buying more American-made 
products (especially those costing large sums of money) . 

I know some people say they have bought a foreign car for various 
and sundry reasons, but would they buy that foreign car or foreign 
product if they were aware that they might be costing a fellow 
American citizen or even a relative their job? I would much rather pay 
more for an American product, keeping the money in our country and 
my neighbor employed! 

Too much money is going out of the country, some of which is 
coming back, but only to buy banks, land, hotels, etc. to make money 
for japan and the Arab countries. Can anyone 'tell me if we actually 
own land in other countries, not interest in corporations? I don't think 
we do, but how many foreigners own property and companies here? It 
seems that we are financing other countries to buy land righ' out from 
under us. If any of these countries become communistic then who 
owns land here? Think about it people. 

J. R. FROMAN 
San Diego 

P.S. A copy of this letter was sent to Channel 10 and also to the Union 
Tribune . 

, 

Let's give 
America 

ci hand! 

Dinner 
My own naive and tender 

patience will not last as long as 
the Mandeville Center for the 
Performing Arts will stand at the 
hub of our campus. I will never be 
as accomplished or reasonable or 
realistic as the men and women 
who have built it, and who have 
planned the opening celebration . 
Th is we know. . 

Montgomery Reed tells me that 
the University is an elitist in-
stitution, an essentially evil one. 
Paul Salt man tells me that the 
University is an elitist institution 
that will save the world, in spite 
of jerry Brown. You will note their 
point of agreement. 

would be in the school's best 
interests, in terms of ap-
pearances, for him to locate it. 

I was not the right person for 
him to ask, however, because 
evidence that the Chancellor 
does not appear to know his way 
around the campus is the kind of 
stuff student journalists like to 
blow wholly out of reasonable 
proport ion . 

The grad students did not show 
for the dinner. I spent most of my 
time peering through the win-
dows at shrimp cocktails, watch-
ing administrators with whom I 
speak weekly pretend not to see 
me and the other equally grubby 
students I was peering with . I 
realized that it was not our affair, 
that the implications of the 
opening of a Mandeville Center 

Unfortunately, Marshal shat-
tered the glorious silent protest 
he had staged by standing up, 
rather improprietously taking the 

by ]01", H. T.,Jor 

and enjoy the horror and carnage 
of the Revelle mural themselves . 

The subsequent reaction of 
some of the diners, gleaned from 
the notes of an able reporter who 
had run over from table 39, has 
for me cast an ugly shadow over 
the whole Mandeville 
ce lebration . Some of th eir 
comments to Marshal Kendziorek 
follow: 

" We spent a lot of money to 
come to this dinner, and we 
deserve to use the cafeteria ." 
"You don't belong here." 

, " I can relate to you . Even though 
I have a few years on you, I can 
remember that every campus has 
a few assholes-you're inarticulate 
and stupid .'" 

presumably smiles that come 
along With sophistication, in-
tell igence and art icul ateness 
when one I rich enough to afford 
an invitation to the Chancellor's 
social and art isti c event of the 
year . In fact, the aura of good will 
was apparent even to a waitress, 
who told our reporter, " It was a 
trip being here, with all these 
laugh ing, smiling people. It's like 
being stoned ." 

That is, it would be impossible to 
run the University of California 
without private donations from 
some very rich people with whom 
the majority of students at UC 
San Diego in 1975 would refuse to 
associate personally . Many of 
them have made their thousands 
legitimately, I'm sure-many have 
not. I would prefer our Man-
deville Center to be built by the 
former sort, although the ac-
countants can't be that picky if 

were not within our scope of "-------------' 
"You know, I think you're stupid 

as hell . You look stupid and you 
act stupid." 

After the gorge, the laughing, 
smil ing people descended on the 
Mandeville Center, where they 
heard some apparently lousy 
music and finally did encounter 
the grad students . No reporter 
was there, so I don't know what 
they said to the protestors, 
though I'm sure it was suitable 
material to come from the 
mouths of some of our guests, 
from whom I am no longer so 
willing to tolerate financial 
benevolence. 

interest, and that they would be 
felt long after we leave the 
school. I should not, I told 
myself, become angry because 
the school had decided to use our 
cafeteria rather than the Torrey 
Pines Inn for the dinner (there is 
some symbolic advantage, I'm 
sure, to having it on campus). and 
that they had h ired all sorts of 
leggy waitresses for the male 

Charles Hitch, just before receiving award from the Chan -
cellor. " / knew there was a hilch here somewhere, .. said our 

hotographer, as did one of the speakers, and probably one of 
every three diners. [Photo ; Tad Sperry) 

they want an auditorium, an art 
gallery, and offices and stud ios 
fo r the school's artists that will 
get them out of the quonset huts . 
And those who want UCSD to be 
the cultural focal point of the 
western hemisphere can't either. 

Several hundred such rich men 
and women came last Thursday 
to eat in the Revelle cafeteria . 
Thei r black-tie dinner had in-
co nvenienced the resident 
students of Revelle to a degree, 
but not to a significant degree 
because most of them were able 
to eat nearby. But there was no 
question in my mind that the 
students were to be considered 

g~acious for not protest ing the 
event more strenuously than they 
did. 

I was hanging around 'outside 
the dinner , expecting the 
graduate students of the 
Literature department to stage a 
protest (see page one). I had 
already begun to feel a little self-
righteous since the Chancellor 
had approached me and asked 
where ·the nearest men's room 
was. I told him, because I knew it 

diners to enjoy I knew that the 
grubby but essentially honest and 
unoppressible daily ca feteria 
workers would never do. 

Yet I allowed myself to dwell on 
the recurring anarchist urge I had 
to throw a brick through the glass, 
or to write unspeakable things on 
the windows with either soap or 
the blood of an honored guest. I 
even hoped that the grad stu'dents 
would come and break into the 
dinner, even though they would 
be fired because of it, just so the 
motif for the evening would oe 
slightly scarred by a momentary 
though futile rebirth of activism 
on campus . 

That was all fun at the time, 
though I knew I would have to be 
reasonable about the whole thing 
the next morning, and realize that 
it was nothing I should waste my 
time being upset about . But then 
I heard about young, brave 
Marshal Kendziorek, Revelle 
student, who, dammit, walked 
into his cafeteria Thursday night 
wearing blue jeans and enjoyed 
himself some shrimp cocktai I and 
prime rib. Sat at table 26, I hear . 

r------------------~-------------------GF~(') 
. Get Ro'~ at the .. 

Spice Rack Restaurant! 
Presenl Ihls coupon With your meal at Ihe 

unique Spice Rack Garden Restaurant In Pacilic 
Beach and you II get rolled Free Take hOme half a 
dozen of the t sliest horne·mad rolls or muffins 
you v!l ever mel ThiS offer IS good on Mondavs Ihru 
T.hurSdays unlll February 27 ~ 
YOU RE GONNA LIKE THE V~I'. . . 

A GARDEN REST AURANT 

Mission Blvd. near Grand in Pacific Beach 
7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm 

-----.-~-------------.-----------------

microphone from the Chancellor 
(who had just made an award to 
President Hitch) and announc ing 
to the passle of shocked 
philanthropists that the students 
of Revelle were owed an apology 
because those assembled had 
taken the opportunity to eat good 

<I AUDI'o and • ~ .' ~.:: • • : . *_ 
o ~ • . o 
• RADIO· ' e '~ 

UPAI. SPECIAlIST5 ~ ..t.~A.( 
• TAPE UNITS ... . "( _:~ 
AM & FM STEREO .. ~~~~ 

TURNTABLES ond" .'~~e ~ . 
. 0 CHANGERS ... ~~ _ 
. harmonic distof'ti~fJ ~ 

, w. ' 11 ,h,. a fr •• d is tortion test '0 your 
, ... • "component " ompl ifier. . I) ~Q", 
•• JUST IRING this AD/ ... ~ 

.. OPEN ,",ON SAT 9.50 b.50 * .",~. 
2216c~e ~: 225-0333 

T:le Church of Con,ervation 
Invites You To Be An 

ORDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR Of NATUREPEDICS 

Our fast growing church I 
ctively seeking environment 
oncious new ministers wh 

lieve what we believe: Man ' 
hould exist in harmony with 
ature We are a non~tructure 
aith, undenominational, with n 
raditional doctrine or dogma. 
enefits for ministers are : 
1. Car Emblem and Pocket 1.0 
2. Reduced rates from man 

otels, motels, restaurants , ca 
ental agencies , etc. Ou 
irectory I ists over 1,000 prestig 
stablishments extending an 
utomatic cash discount . 
3. Perform marriages, baptisms, 

funerals and all other ministerial 
unctions. 

4. Start your own church and 
apply for exemption frpm 
property and other taxes. 

Enclose a free-will donation for 
he minister's credentials and 

Pocket license. Your ordination is 
recognized in all 50 states and 
most foreign countries .· 

CHURCH OF CONSERVATION, 
BOX 175,· MARY ESTHER, 
FLOIIOA 32569. 

- ------------------~ 

Many of these gems were 
delivered, reportedly, with smi les, 

UCSD THEATRE 

E 
f:S (I) 

PLAya . • Y · .eg~n terry "., 
8 p.m. 

TICKETS AVAILABLE only for March 12,13 & 16 
Boxofflce: 407 MC • Noon to 4: 30 

Studenl. 51.50, General $3.00 
Special Student Rush 

Wednesday, Thursday, Sunday 
UCSD Students (a limited number) can get tickets 
at door-203 MC- ¥Z hour before curtain without 
reservations. 

il***********************.~***.** t STUDENT ·t 
tDIRECTORY i will arrive 
• AT: WED. 3-12-75 
t Page 11 Stud. Center/Matthews t 412 Room 5/ Revelle Commuter Cntr. 
t '0' Mo" Ffl~1I Q.t!.lY A· THIN OIMEII 

******w******·*~*~*H*~*~*"*~*~~~~~~ 
PaKe J Triton Times March 10, 1975 



Aart-Vark 
by Elizabeth Chiment 

Assuming that spring had 
\ettled upon us q.J itt comfortably 
a few weeks <igo was a bit 
presumptuous on my part ; 
springtime is hardly displayed in 
the fog and dre,ui ness that has 
surrounded UCSD for the last 
week , 

Don 't let it get to you, though , 

There's all kinds of things to keep 
it feeling like spring, All you need 
is an afternoon to search them 
out. To make it easier on you, I've 
chosen some art shows and 
theater events that you might be 
interested in attending while the 
weather still forces you inside, 

Sixteen watercolor paintings of 

Reasons for Roots. 
No.4. Naturally shaped toes. 
Roots roomy uppers aren't shaped like ordinary 
shoes. But they are shaped like ordinary feet. Your 
toes will stay healthfully uncrowded, 

The Sport Root. 
one of 10 styles. 

Sold only at Roots shops. 
Gift certificates available. 
Now Open Sundays 12 pm - 5 pm. 
10909 Kinross Ave , Vkstwood Village (213) 478-0101 
1218 Prospett St, La Jolla, Calif. (714) 459-5000 

City feet need Roots. 

desert spring flowers by Albert 
Valentien will show at the Natural 
History Museum in Balboa Park 
through March 16. They are part 
of a collection of 1200 paintings 
of Calitornia wildflowers that 
were commissioned by Ellen 
Browning Scripps in 1909, and 
will be exhibited on a rotating 
basis throughout the year. 

Jack Zajac's exhibition at the 
Fine Arts Gallery is a truly 
splendid display by one of the 
nations top sculptors. Also at the 
Fine Arts through April 6, the first 
annual exhibition of 'student 
artists, which includes paintings, 
graphics, ceramics and sculpture 
by students in area colleges, 

" Photographers : Midwest 
I nvitational," an exhibition of 240 
works by 24 photographers, has 
opened at the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art and will 
continue through March 30, 
Representing works from Min-
nesota, Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, 
Mi<;h i gan and I ndiana, the 
exhibition has been organized by 
the Walker Art Center. 

The exhibition is intended as a 
broad survey of central problems 
that concern contemporary 
Midwestern photographers , 
Though no single theme or 
technical approach dominate~, 
most of the photographers in this 
exhibit are attempting to discover 
and understand the unique 
qualities of their physical en-
vironment, and the people who 
inhabit it by using the traditional 
themes of portrait , natural 
landscape, cityscape, and the 
" human condi tion ." Pre-
dominantly black and white, the 
works are distinguished by clarity 
and extraordinary attention to 
minllte forms and textures, 

Tom Marionl , Director of the 
Museum of Conceptual Art in San 
Francisco, will be giving a lecture 
next Monday evening at 7:00 pm 
at Palomar Co llege, San Marcos. 
The Museum of Conceptual Art is 
an alternative museum, funded 
by the National Endowment of 

Continued on Page 6 

If you D'ant to 

SEL 
your used books for 

CASH 
Bring thent to the 

Unive-rsity Booktore 
Mareh 19, 20, and 21 

froID 8:00 ant 
to 4:15 pOI 

/JOOK$ nof neeJeJ by the University 
Boobtore will be bought lor whole$ale 
used booK price snJ $hippeJ to the 

Jesler in los Angeles. 

Page 4 Trilon Times March 10, 1975 

-

Cinema: Steve Eamedlna 

"Be Nice to Nuts .... " 
The first erroneous thing one should notice about John 

Cassavetes' "A Woman Under The Influence" is that it has been mis-
titled , It would have been more dramatically effective, and honest. 
if the film had been called "Be Nice To Nuts Cause One Might Be 
You r Mommy," 

Still, allowing for its uppity title, Cassavetes' new and apparently 
most popular work is a passionate, wild, even hammy fi lm that 
serves as an exercise in acting gymnastics . There is no denying that 
John Cassavetes is one of America's most physically unrestrained 
director of actors. What keeps him from being a genuine artist is the 
narrow, facile range of his subject matter. He is determined to focus 
on the aberrant clicks in the Middle-American psyche, This has 
resulted in a constant conflict between the enthusiasm of his 
performers and the juvenile logic of his psychologizing , In 
Cassavetes' films, the oddball is regarded as normal. This may seem 
a simplistic definition of intent , but it is understandable when one 
considers movies like "Faces," " Husbands" and eSpE'cially "A 
Woman Under The Influence," 

Some critics, such as Pauline Kael and Duncan Shepherd have 
suggested that this film is a case study in the theories of R,D. Laing. 
Laing is the Scottish psychiatrist who came into notoriety with his 
start ling notions of insanity as the "sanity" of the mad and as a 
means of " coping" the everyday pressures of life. I disagree, " A 
Woman Under The I nfluence" presents a character who is clearly 
disturbed, in every regard . That the fau lt should summarily be laid 
on the friends and fam i Iy surrounding her seems a case of fixed dice 
to me, Howshouldone react to a person who distends by degrees in 
front of your eyes? Is it fair, or m'edica lly correct to sentimentally 
assume that one person or a number of persons can be blamed for 
the mental deterioration of their loved ones? 

Cassavetes must believe that what the world needs now is love, 
sweet love, because "A Woman Under The Influence" says that 
anyone denied adequate affection and/ or recognition will soon be 
prime material for a sanitarium , The film, which has received 
plaudits from a number of feminists is a puzzler at this point , How 
any of this relates to the women's movement is confusing because 
"t\ Woman Under The I nfluence" points toward de~ndence rather 
th an assert ion as its sol ution , 

Despite everything, the movie is noteworthy for its continual 
phYSical involvement , There is never a quiet, sidelong, or 
unadorned moment in the whole two-and-a-half hours. Cassavetes' 
pressing, torturous close-ups keep us glued to the amphetamine 
twitches,quirks and arm flailing of Gene Rowlands, the dazed-top-
of-the-Iungs bafflement o(Peter Falk , and the histrionics of a whole 
slewof various family members and friends , 

The exhaustive intensity of the nepotism results in moments that 
are more dramatically compelling than anything seen in American 
film today : a spaghetti dinner in which Rowlands unnerves Falk's 
worker-friends with her mugging affection; the confusion of the 
children as they watch mommy fragment and daddy complicate; a 
family doctor acting bewildered in layman fashion , as opposed to 
the clinical thoroughness of most movie doctors, ralk nailing 
Rowlands to the wall after she has been released from the 
san itarium by asking her the subtle question "How was it , Good, 
Bad, Terrible, What? What?" It is impossible not to react to these 
scenes, One either laughs, cries or simply empathizes with the 
characters, 

Cassavetes had always thought more like an actor than a director, 
which accounts for h is slow technical development . Throughout the 
film , boomer mikes dip into the frame, scenes are cut erratically , 
and the camera function s as a visual tape recorder with no con-
cessions to imagery, movement or montage, Because of these 
inadequacies, the two leads are even more crucial to the film's 
intermittent success than they would be otherwise. Rowlands, who 
has received all the the publiCity, is good , perhaps too good , Her 
role is a made-to-order, golden opportun ity for any ambitious 
actress with both eyes set on an Academy Award, and she plays it to 
the hill. It is Falk, I think , who puts the ultimate force in thiS primal 
fabrication , His cock-eyed grimacing, his sub liminal flashe of 
brutality and tenderness all illustrate a man in a tate of utter 
turmoil. Here, the film seem more about him than his wife. 

Whatever the case, " A Wom an Under The Influence" amounts to 
little more than high-energy soap opera . It is faithful to Its own 
(oncerns, but those co nce rns, unfortunately, are not quite so 

ones!. 

KPRI presents 

JErrE 
COLin younG 

TUES.MAA18 
S AN DIEGO SJIOB'I'S AlIItA ____ s::-

Tlck.ts n.75 ", .. nCl, $&.2 ~ '",., ,,-
Tickets Av",I,ble It All 8111 Camble 's Men's Storts, 

All Arena Tj~~~tl:,oe,r;;~~~onS~:;lt~:;e4nl.7~~cket OffiCI 

Slander and Abuse 

New Ways of Viewing Baseball 
by Je rry Rild ich 

During the last few years 
baseball has been under attack 
for being a dull and lifeless 
spectator sport . While it is true 
that some games have all the 
excitement of watching grapes 
turn into raisins, there are, 
nonetheless, ways that the 
average Ian can heighten his 
enjoyment during a boring game, 

The key to having a good time 
at a boring game is not to wait to 
be entertained, but to be en-
tertai ning , By virtue of its slow 
ac tion and brief interludes 
between innings, baseball is 
perfectly suited for various verbal 
activities, ranging from critical 
observations to outri ght slander. 

Be ready to ridicule at the 
outset of the game, Many ex-
perienced fans fai l to take ad-
vantage of the National Anthem 
as a time to embarrass ballplayers 
or umpires, Since all players and 
umpires remove their hats during 
the Anthem, quick inspection will 
reveal those bald persons, If you 
spot an especially sparce scalp, a 
rapid "Nice haircut, McCovey," or 
a si milar comment after the 
Ant hem is over is considered a 
good move, Such a yell during the 
Anthem is realfy a courageous 
endeavor, and held in high esteen 
by all cutthroat spectators, Either 
way, getting your first cheap shot 
in before play has actually begun 
is rea lly starting off on the right 
foot. 

Once a ball game has begun, 
there are generally two accepted 
ways to dish out verbal abuse , 
One is to focus your attack on a 
particular player or ump, con-
stantly commenting (loudly) on 
hi5 intelligence, walk, haircut, 
family, and perhaps even his 
ability, The second method, 
which I prefer, i s tocastigate every 
person who sets foot on the 
playi ng field, inc luding t h e 
groundcrew, batboys, and 
ballgi rls . However, you must be 
tactful in your choice of verbal 
weapons. If Tito Fuentes boots a 
grounder (and he will), jt is . 
unimaginative and even boring to 
yell out such a fossil phrase as 
'T uentes, you bum! " or even the 
more aggresive "Fuentes, you 
st ink!" These are bush league yells 
at best , To heighten interest and 
en tertainment, use new and 
creative phrases such as "eet the 
quadruped off the field! " or 
perhaps " How do you eat with 

those hands?" or even the brutal 
" Nice hands, you amputee! " But 
remember, you must be loud and 
persistent , Fuentes will not 
realize he is a turkey unless you 
constantly remind him. 

It is common knowledge that 
God created major league um-
pires so that managers, players, 
fans, and other prlm'ates would 
have something at which to 
propel obscenities. On a national 
scale of appreciation, umpires fall 
just below leukemia and a step ' 
above Woody Hayes . When 
screaming at an umpire, it is of 
the upmost importance to be very 
vocal and abusive. However, do 
not slip into verbal stagnation. 
" Kill the ump! " or " Haller, you'rr 
as blind as a bat!" simply are 
bland cliches that must be 
weeded out of your arsenal if you 
wish to become a master of 
verbal mayhem , You may try the 
currently fashionable subtle, 
intellectual approach, such as 
" Mister Haller, I feel you lack the 
mental agility endowed to the 
average toilet seat ," 

Remember that umpires, no 
matter how sub-human or 
mentally constipated they may 
seem, still have ears and will 
respond emotionally to your 
barbaric s,creams. 

A new field currently being 
experimented with is the use of 
yells which in no way are con-
nected with baseball , A few 
friends of mine llse an interesting 
cheer that arouses curiosity 
whenever they use it. During a 
dull spot in the game they stand 
and shout "S it Down Nunel)'! '" at 
the top of their lungs , At first this 
raises no response from the 
surrounding fans, but after a few 
more "Nunely" cheers interjected 
strategically throughout the 
game, the fans quickly become 
perplexed , " Who is this Nunely?" 
they ask themselves in puz-
zlement, "and why is he tand-
(ng?" I t is a very satisfying 
feeling to know you 've 
singlehandedly outwitted and 
confused the surrounding 
multitudes , What's 0 great about 
this verbal ploy is that there are 
no limits to the subject matter 
available. You can experiment 
with such inane yells as " Block 
that kick" to the sure-fire at-
tention getter, "My baby's on 
fire!' " As a precautionary 
measure, never use the last yell 
near spectators with bad hearts or 
bladder problems. 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE .RDS 

(PSAGI .......... ds). 

I The unoffiCial Fly With u!: for 
state bird . PSA. has a song to eleven Clhes 
more llights connecllng WanttocatchaPSAGnnnlng-
northern and southern C311- bird? That's easy Just catch 
lornia than any other airline up With your campus rep 

...... ,... .... 

My last suggestion is a clever 
game invented by the same 
person who brought the Nunely 
cheer to stadiums across the land, 
In this game you count the 
number of foul tips that each 
team hits into the net directly 
behind home plate , This game is 
often more dramatic than the 
conventional ballgame, Last year 

while the Dodgers were excitement th.::n the thousands 
thum ping the Padres 8-2, the of fans who sleepily Viewed the 
score in the tip game was dull continuum taking place on 
deadlocked (It three all , But in the the field , Our reaction was met 
top of the ninth Jim Wynn broke with bewildered stares from the 
the tie with a perfect tip into the surround ing fans, who were 
nets, his third tip goal of the Simultaneously confused and 
night. Rising to our feet amidst envious at our haVing such a good 
yells of "Goal" and "Hat Trick," time at such a lousy game Now 

.we were caught up in far more the secret is out 

UCSD THEATRE 
PRESENTS 

FOR THE 
MANDEVILLE CENTER OPENING CELEBRATION 

LATERAL ZIG-ZAGS 
Guest director Howard Poyourow presents an evening of diverse contemporary 
the(ltre as the third production of UCSD Theatre's 1974-75 Season. Included in 
this program are "The Unseen Hand" by Sam Shepard and "Calm Down Mother" 
and " Pro Game" by Megan Terry All performances at 8 :00 p.m in UCSD 
Theatre, General admission $3 .00, students $1 .50, 

ENDGAME 
Samuel Beckett's challenging drama directed by Michael Addison The 
production was performed in the Fall at UCSD, and toured to UCLA, UCR and 
UCSB where it was acclaimed as "an engrossing and sti rring theatr ica l ex-
perience," All performances are in the Mandeville Center Recital Hall at 8 30 
p,m, with a March 12 matinee at noon. General admission $3 00, students $150 

RICHARD FOREMAN 
THEATRE PIECE 
Richard Foreman, one of America's leading creators of innovative theatre, will 
be in residence at UCSD as Regents' Lecturer and will mount an original theatre 
piece, THINKING (ONE KIND) . Performances at 2'00, 4 00, 700 and 900 p m 
in the Mandeville Center, Room B-115, General admls ion $2 00, tudents $1 00 
Limited seating , 

DESIGN EXHIBITION 
A superb premier exhibi tion of major cenlc and costume deSign by il ga laxy of 
America 's foremost theatrical deSigners Thl exten Ive representation of thE' art 
of stage de Ign will b on display in the Mdin 1 heatre Lobby of the M andE'vlll(' 

J ('enter VieWing hours oon to 900 pm 0 admiSSion lhdrge 

TICKETS FOR ALL EVENTS AVAILABLE 
IN THE DRAMA O FFICE 407 M .e . 

HOURS: 12:30-4:30 MONDA Y-FRIDA Y 
PdRC ') Triton Tim March 10, 14J7~ 



Hospers ••• 
Continued tro.1 Pille 1 

He said that the measures take 
money from th ~ fivate sector, 
where it would cr ate jobs, and 
put it into the p lie sector to 
start "make ~o~" jobs. He 
blamed these measures on 
"economically illiterate" people 
who pressure their elected 
representatives into quick 
solutions that fail to consider the 
future. 

Hospers constructed a scenario 
for American ' s future . He 
predicted that current .anti-

inflationary solutions will create a 
new round of inflation by late 
1975. This.he said, will lead to the 

TAs ... . 
reinstatement of wi1i~and-price Continued from P<1le 1 
controls,. this time much stricter, 
which in turn will cau)e object of the presentation, ac-
tremendous shortages of many cording to one Lit grad student, 
things, including food. In the was to call · attention to the 
ensuing panic, presidential proposed cutbacks, pointing out 
powers will be tremendously that the ratio of instructors at 
augmented, to control the tur- UCSD five years ago was 1 :15, is 
moil from the shortages. Those now 1::l5, and with the proposed 
increased powers could bring cuts could grow to as much as 
about an "American Caesar," who 1 :40 or SO. 
would rise to power by promising Some of the Literature T As are 
to restpre stability. This, Hospers conSidering aHiliating themselves 
said, is how fascism could come with a .union, possibly the United 
to America. Farm Workers. But most feel that 

their chief efforts should now be workers affected by t;utbacks 
on organizing themselves, and they could have a very real effect. 
inviting all other TAs, tutors and A meeting is expected to be 
student workers to join them. called for today by Literature T As 

Literature T As contacted by the to discuss future plans. Although 
Triton Times say that by them- the T As say they Pon't know what 
selves they will have little effect will happen next, speculation is 
on the. Univesity, but that if they . that if their demands are not met 
can spread the work action to they will cancel finals and give all 
other T As, tutors and student their students A s. -

GQ. IKL f:I.ER PEACf 
CORPSIVISTA NEEDS HER. 

PEACE 
CORPSNISTA 
NEEDS YOU. 

Aart-Vark AcI~~rtl§~ 
III 11i~ Irlt()11 

Ilrn~§ 
Contin:ued from P<1ge 4 

Art s. It is dedicated to presenting 
conceptual art , performance 
sculpture ' and video works . 
Marioni founded the museum in 
1972 and has exhibited works 
from such artists as Chris Burden, 
Barbara Sm ith and Terry Fox . 

The Shubert Theatre in Century 
Ci ty, Los Angeles, announces 
special rates for students during 
the limited return engagement of . 
the great mime arti st, ' Marcel 
Marceau . The show will run 
t hrough March 16. 

The San Diego Symphony 
O rc hest ra has si x programs 
c h e duled for Marc h , all 

beginning at 8:00 pm in the Civic 
Theatre. 

Pian ist Gary Graffman will 
perform Mozart 's Twentieth 
Concerto on March 6 and 7 . The 
concert will be conducted by 
Maestro Peter Eros, the Sym-
phony's Music Director. He will 
lead the Orchestra in Schubert's 
Rosamllnde Overture and 
Bruc kner's Fo~rth Symphony . 

P<1le 6 Triton Times M<1rch 10, 1975 

The second set of concerts, 
scheduled for March 13 and 14 
will feature Dallas Artistic 
Director Louis Lane conducting a 
pair ' of concerts. His program 
includes works by Berlioz, Ravel 
and Shostakovich . Pianist Jerome 
Rose will also perform Saint-
Saens Second Piano Concerto. 

()<ltr()lIlz~ II 
AcI~~rtl§~r§ 

I THINK YOU'VE JUST 
RECRUITED AN OWL. 

CATALOGING THE 
RAINBOW 

Free tickets for Philip Morrison's lecture on the 
relationship of science and the arts tonight at 
7:00 in the Mandeville Auditorium are available 
at the Arts and Lectures office (Student Center). 

rICkets .re -necceSSlry lor ....... 

NOTWBO. 
TOU. 

UCSD SENIORS - THAT'S WHO 
Your skills in Biology. Math l . Physics, Economics, Linguistics/ Psycholo~y. Sociology anQ urban Rural studies are needea 
overseas m 68 developmg countries and all 50 States'. 

Applications and Information 9 A.M.-3 P.M. 
Today through Wednesday. March 12 

Revelle Informal Lounge 
or Phone 293-5083 

Apply This Week For July Assignments 

SAMUEL BECKETT'S 

ENDGAME 
DIRECTED BY MICHAEL ADDISON 

MARCH 11, 13, 14, 15 
MARCH 12 MATINEE 

8:30 P.M. 
12:00 NOON 

MANDEVILLE CENTER 
RECITAL HALL 

TICKETS AT UCSD THEATRE BOXOFFICE 
STUDENTS $1.90 

GENERAL ADMISSION 13.00 
BOXOFFICE HOURS 12:30 - 4:30 

MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 
(203 MATTHEWS CAMPUS I 

For over 130 years we've been using 
th~ word ~qualiry" in our advertising. 
Once again, we'd like to tell you what 
we mean by it. 

." ., 

~ Our brewery in 1844. > , .. .... • - ~ . .. -",",, ~v- ... '""--' ...... 

Blue Ribbon quality means the best tasting beer you can 
get. A quality achieved only by using the finest ingredients 
and by adhering to the most rigid of brewing standards. 

In Milwaukee, the beer capital of the world, Pabst Blue 
Ribbon continues to be the overwhelming best seller 
year after year. BI ue Ribbon outsells its nearest 
competitor nearly five to one. That's why we feel 
we've earned the right to challenge any beer. 

So here's the Pabst challenge: Taste and compare 
the flavor of Blue Ribbon with the be€r ydu're 
drinking and learn what Pabst quality in beer 
is all about. But don't take our word for it. 
Taste our word for it. 

Pabst. Since 1844. 
The quality has always 

come through. 

PABST BREWING COMPANY MILWAUKF[ WIS PEORIA HEIGH TS IL L NEWARII N J lOS ANGflES CAL fWIIST GA 

P<1P 7 Triton Times March 10. 1975 



....................................................................... ~R.,,~ ... ~.M~UIr~.Fourth~Itu~ ... ~ .... ~ehou~ld~what's happen' 
actilitles meetings notices == :w:m-Mar~":.... ex:,-: 

E. Apter. P~or of Political 
...... ,... V.1e UnIw,-.hw. M.rch 10. 3. 

Formellou ..... "Myth .nd 
1'1fi1eollDgy: A PrellmllI8fY Comperteon. .. 

ucao .~ of F.rn.y .nd ScIence 
FIctIon meeta MIIrch 10 4-1 PM. LARGE 
conf_ rHOm. .tudent c.m.r. 
Topic: The WOrk. of Arthur C. C .. rk .. 
121101 

BLACK WOMEN I,..., ... In JoInintt • 
.ororttv. Alphe K ...... AIp ......... n 
0",0 c..... will be hnlntt .n 
cqenlatiOnel meetIntt Mon.. MIIrch 10. 
I:OD PM In the R..,.. Informel Lou .... 
lin beck of the R..,.. c.t.tertel. 131101 

GAY STUDENTI MEETING Mon. 
MIIrch 10. 7. llell. C.w-_ 
Lou .... -nut to Triton n-. N_ 
COlMrl welcome. (1/101 
ItudentCo-Op M ....... Mondrt •••• t 
the ltudent Cen.. On the ...... : 
Eleotion of IRG coordInetor. InternIIl 
A ...... coontIMtOr nomlneted. Co-op 
_rch ...... on. MI .... Km., 8prIntt 
R ......... m. PIrIOMI Polltlcel net-
work. 131111 
T,..,... ...... M .......... Adwenced 

CrMIt oou~ .nd 1-4 for non-o'" 
cou,... In Ext. a .... room. I ..... 1IIA 
MC. ThIfd ItudentI contM1 Provoat'. 
office. .rad etudente cllecll office of 
Orad ....... end R-..ch. mecI. 
ItUdente _Itudent A ...... ofIIoe. for 
Info -_-la. T_ ........ rd. (1/11) 
FOREIGN eTUDE",.. .nd thoM for 
whom E ....... Ie • _ond ......... 
who.re ............ In I~ .... 
wmen. ... -MWOIIIn ........ ___ 
of LItIEntt 10. Come to ,. ...( or 
.-z. 11/141 

IIIMtIntt .nd group .......... Mon. Revelle P...,.... loerd Ie now eo-

THE PEACE CORPS • VISTA wII be .t 
ucao Mon. - W.... .t the R..,.. 
Formel/lnfonNII Lou,..... Would ... 
to .Ik with ltudentl In the .ClCleI 
Icllnou .ndlclencll {recelvlne • IA 
or MA In the _r-futura or .lrwcIy 
.rMuetedl InterNted In nationwide or 
worldwld. volunt •• r opportunltl ... 
letw.n •• nd noon. 1. to 4. on 
th... deYi -- .ppolnt",.nt. not 
,......,.,. Info .t Ca,.., P"nnlntt. _ 
MC.13I1OI 
..... u' .h meetIntt - Student Center 
upeteIre Conf. Rm.. Mon. 11:10.131101 

MIIrch 10 et 7 pm In Revelle Formel c:eptIng P....... fundlntl requeet for FOURTH eTUDEIn8: Vod.,. for Fourth 
An Ad Hoc. Committee wII meet on Lou ..... For Into Joe Rieker ...... NIJIt QUI"'. The ........ Ie W..... Coli ••• •• .ov.rnm.nt propo .... 
MondIiy {M.rch 111 .t 4 pm In the ~_II.I.M.I.IIV1Ot MIInIh 12. PIck up epp. __ . In conti ...... ~ M . Mar. 14. "yGU 
Student Center to ....... pie.. to Appllcetlone for 81udent Regent end Revelle ,.... ...... office. 13112 hewn't voted. c:o- to the Fourth 

Fo.u .. ncl ..... R ....... H thOle orgenlz. .. Food DIY 'lI .t UCID. the R",_I -a....... commlaelon C ....... PI'OVOIt'. otftce.nd VOla Your 
••• .re now .vell.bl. In ' Stud.nt CO-OP Bookl-- R.v.lI. Inform.1 --- not only ..--. ••• ~ __ of AI __ "'1c tenaIonal TONIGHT! Mon. 1 GrouPi .nd IndMduele who .,. con- 0 2 d fl S d Lou ........ -.-dI apr. Otr BooII.-_ "V_ --........ - .......... 

( :011 __ 11 R- of R-. Gym. cerned about C_mertlm. nutrition. rg.nlzetlon.. n oor. tu .nt ... - .overnment Fourth .... IMIt .180 Ita 
_.. - C--~ ""141 heVl HUMANmEI booIIe-Come .nd WI:L"UII"~. (1/101 world hunger.ltC . • ,.lnvItId. (31101 ... -. -. ''"' ..... 1IveI-..O ...... VGTI. 1II121 

~"""""'·fo""r ... sa ... l·e·····GIIIIII ... nlllllllun ... ·HIIIIII ... wlll ... II.lIIn .... p ... ulllk~ .... S·h.~II ... ·H ... I·I. T ... O·the .... ma .... n ... I·IOVI·m·ore·.nd·mlllore ......... iiiiiiiiiiliri~advertisements for 
Necklec... .''''$31. Fine Shelil "'0. NCh dey -- H.ppy Annlvereery. M.ry Su~ rIMded tor phoNltlce 0- NMd f._Ie ....... __ Im ........... y. 

Gltene Sport 10-1PIed. loti of .c- B .. t 0 .. 1 Around. T.rrl4I2 . .,.. (3m (3/101 perimentl. Whr .... J ... et 31. P&L Own room In ..... Del MIIr home. 
_ortee. tooI8 .nd .tuff. Not ridden Tfll. lnewmerrte SR..,. •• w. can belt Of.1I the w_k tItI I know C.ry or ceH X2Il7. IIndl MOl month. " ... tebl. ..rd.n. =~ :,~~It.~~ ~~: ;;::. -:::. tny .. td Price.

B 
~IC_K def(3/Iverv) • 2 yr. Thompeon he. to be the w_k_t. Lov. Room"". lINded to the,. room. flreplec •• good ...... 751GJ .nytlme 

gUlfllntM. eft _- 1.. R_mary (3/101 SoleM B .. ch.., ..... 71 {V10' (31101 1117.131101 
Canon FTb w /50mm 1.1 lent .1.: 
Vlvlter "2Dlmm .100: Cenon Motor 
Driv. MF $300: C.non F-1 with v.rlou. 
....... Bob 412-01311. (31101 

' 73 Honde 360 CB 1_ mileage .lerm 
'Vltem ovlfllzed tI,... _ . -"1434 
H.I. (3114) 
11mm C.m.ra B .. ulleu R-11. Bolex 
Zoom, Xt"., It. wt. IdIIl for hend-h.ld 
• hota .1.100 firm -..mz. (3/101 
Sony TC440 Stereo tape deck. 3 hHd 
.utO-rev.,. • • Id-on-.d. Xtre. Ilk. n.w 
$200. 481-23112. (31101 

Schwinn Contlnentll - Mutt 1111: loat 
lob Ind wife. 5 month. old Imm.culetll 
COlt .141 w/locka & c'hllne. Mlk. 
·offer. P.t462-1177. (3/101 
Two led Zep.lln t1cklta for March 11 In 
Long ae.ch. Meke offer, M.rk 715-9211 . 
(31101 

Seneul 7000 Autorev.,.1 ,...l-tO-r .. 1 
tape d.ck with remote control. L1.t 
.580.00 for you $375.00. 27"-173' 
evening • . Bill. (3/101 
Two motorcycl. rim •• wheele. etc . • 21 
or best off.,. Guy 279-2331 . (3/10) 
1. Opel Kld.tt. .. .peed. ,.bullt 
treneml .. lon. Low ge. mllealll. v.ry 
.conomlc.l. .795. Tim 272-Q7" 
(ev.nlng.) (311'" 

117'0 K._.kl l5OO. f .. t. In runnlne order 
but need 10m. work "".00 . • 1.«J211. 
(3/12) 
WATERBED. King .Iz. w /_lnut ttlln. 
.. hHtlr. pedlltll Ind _tar In-
cluded .• 121 or best. 7I3-f775, _nlng • . 
(31101 

Glb.on Rev.rb & {21 12" Jen .. n 
Sp .. k.,. In c.blnet with 40 w.tt .mp. 
NMd. aome work. ... Jeff. 412·901' 
(3/101 
Polorold C.m.ra ... Ford .tltor motor 
(~rebulltl". 8.21x15 tI" & whHl $7. 
412 ..... (3/1 .. , 
Unicom 2021SR Slid. Ru" Cllculetor. 
All fnc. & invI,.. fne • . DIII,...red"n • . 
W/Adeptor'" - Cl3-C1oo X·301 Work: 
-..,.(1132 Hom •. DI.ne. (n31101 

ZEPPELIN CONCERT: Bnt .. ta 
~or III .hOWl - S.n DI.go. Long B .. ch 
Ind Forum. 481-314& (311" 

CAMARO SS 360, n.w 3'Z1 motor. 
.. .peede. HolI.y .. b.".la. 

W" .. ,d., •. PS, PB. AC. chrom. rim •• wide 
• tc ... 7aI firm. 411-83 Iv.nlng • . 

Triumph Spltfl,.. ' ff7 Solid motor. 
top Ind pelnt. good Int.rlor. rune 

fun to drive. good mll .. g . . .... 
tfllde. 481,!11163. 13m 

w.nted. Excellent driving con· 
aunroof .ny color liP to .• 1000 
Simi KerabllY .vlnlng. or Illve 

_n·_·····464-4371 (4 41 

ADC St.,.o Ampllhe" III .olld Itll •• 22 
wettl /ch.nn.l . • (cillent condition. 
• 129 new, a .tNI - .50. Rick · )(3139 •• 1-
0171. (3/141 

T.kemlne .cou.tIc guitar .. with R.S. Hum... Juet hie to be die blt- Ride w.nted for 2 to B.y A,... on or 0011 .nybody need • room_., N_t. 
herd ce ... t2IIO 1110 2 EPI 10 'p"k.,.. cheneet PI,.on I know on tN. Clmp\l.. .bout 1-28. Win gilldly .hera ... .nd quiet. _.maklf .... room by M.r. 
" . 71115-841' (3171 not to m.ntlon the wortd. Rubin drlvlne. _-1117 {n 3110' 21 . Willi.,. to lilY up to .1OO/mo. Mutt 

be ..... for m. to etey durlntt .um_. 
BOSE 901 DIRECTIREFLECTING HumphrIN(3110' Moria Mlnor.ny condo Running or not. P~ neer UC.D C.e.7 Edw.rd 
SPEAKER SYSTEM WITH EQUILIZER. RIV.11e Food Servlc:ll: ThInk. for .11 Will PlY .. or up for whol. car . ..,- (3/101 
$32I:ns.1130 (317) I72Ilfterl. (3/141 

your help In IIttIng up our brunch. It I. Large fumllhed La JofIe hom.. rented 
Audlovox AM-FM cer redlo .10. greetly 'Pprecle... Cordiellv. The WANT USED SURF RACK will pey till June 11th MCI 1-314 mI .... outh of 
Originally". m·7IIO {3/1", N_man Club (31101 __ ble. P.ul. m-1717. (n 31101 UCSD. 11M 2 .... rootnIllVlllleble {. 

LED ZEPPELIN ticket. for Mon. 3110 or 
Fri 3114 .t SO Sporta Arene ..... ,.. 
(31171 
SONY TC.ai Mlnletu,. C.nett. Deck. 
I. n_ . • 100. K.n. 412-3032 dlY., 715-
3127 Ev ... (n3/101 
1 .... OLDS. F".73000 mil .. : v.ry good 
condition with rebuild t"n.ml .. lon. 
BI.t offer. 462-8337. (n31101 

REEL-TO-REEL TAPES • Pr.recorded 
(7"1 Dylen. StO"". Tull. Herrllon. Who. 
MeYIIi. Traffic. Ind mlny oth." . • 1.110-
.3.00. GoC'd Vlbell48I-m4. (n 3m 

L .. vlng country mu.t 1111 Honde 360 SL 
71 $300. Sony St_ TIP' recorder TC-
!i3O .180. T.klng off.,.. 7I5-1040. (n 3/121 

Ylmlha 12 .trlng gul~r Excellent 
condition with .eml-hard c .... 
.115/off.r. 7115-~. Scott. (n 3/101 
SAHNE SKATEBOARD - 'Z1" Blu. with 
Cldillec Wt-II. Uled , tim... Coat 
31 .00 - will 1111 for m.oo. Blrry - ..,-
9177 (3171 
Gltane Bicycle. 5 epeed. Good con-
dition: Mectlum fr.me - -I(celient for the 
• ctIve Coed . .. or ~ offer. Terry, 
evenInttl. -.a7 (n 31121 

Bicycle - g . Intre campu. dlel: 133 -
".". off campue: .-s.7IOO ext. :mn. or 
leav. m_lII. Peter {n 31121 

'53 GMC pick-up. N_ b,.k... newly 
rebuilt .nglne. GUirant ... _I offer. 
412-G218. (n 3/10) 
NI.hlkl10 .PHd. 21 Inch f,.me. III .lIoy 
compon.nt.. .xtr. wide reng. 
gNrI "'. "'20.413-.12. (n3/10) 
• SUZUki 120 Fin •• hape .1150 or best 
off.,. C.mllie .. 2217 L .. ve m_g • . 
13m 

Indlen J_el.ry - r ... OnlD" PriCN. 
225-8017_.nlng • . S .. n. (n3/10) 
OVltion .... trlng balled .. r. 1 yr. Old. 
Excell.nt tone Ind .ctlon. Mu.t .elil 
.300. Monty ... 1·1 • . • v.nlng. (n31101 

personals 
REGINA ELIZABETH. A H.ppy Blrthd.y 
from W.".n Ind the Kool Aid Kid. 
(31101 

M.,ch 11th I. Abby B.k.r'. blrthd.y 
Ind .he wlnte the whol •• chool to 
know .0 .he Cln g.t lOtI of pr ... nte. 
Good Luck. Abby. (3/101 

Miry - You hivi enriched my IIf. Im-
m ... urably. I hop. we heve on. 
hundred yel,. tog.ther IIkl the I .. t 
one. All my lovi. HIPPY Annlv.,..ry 
HIPPY BirthdlY (3/101 

Seymour L.on Kurtz II • bltchln dud • . 
(3110) 

H .... I A.pfdng lew .tudent neede • 10-' ma.l .... orC-3217 Che,... 131141 
PUBLIC NOTICE: On hie birthday 20 peg. peper on .ome IIPICt of our 
tomorrow. R.A. Archlbeld will beell\ • court .y •• m by M.rch 13th. Muet be One or two f_IN lINd P .... to live 
one y_r belrd growth or win ow. m. .v_ge peper or better will pey.. .ummlf' P.I . or.oudL lynne 412 .. 1 . 
IIx V.G.· • . -The FI_nt Alke {l1101 Anytlm .... 1112. lMv. m-.,.. L_v. m_g.1f not there. (31141 
Mlkey: The,. .,. two worfd.: the world Th. Recycling C.nter w.nte to hi,. • Room In Del M.r Hou... Avelleble 
thet WI can m".Url with llne.nd rule. work-.tudy etudent to collect cane .nd Imtnedletlly .... 'mo. 75 ... Slightly 
Ind the world thet w. f .. 1 with our PIP'" from ClmpUi blne. , ... ,. h,./wk. occiuded. 0CNft'" (31101 
hum Ind Imlglnetlon • . (Leigh Huntl Contlct Student Employment oHIc. 
H.ppy 19thl Mo_breeth (3/10) .bout the Job. (31101 
Mlkly-b.by: A. th.y "Y. H.ppy Blr-
thd.yl B.S.N.K. Ind frl.ndl (3110) 
Arehlfold: You've b .. n ltudylng " old 
peop.... .0 long now you've become 
one. Lit'. m.k. I b .. r run Ind ... If 
you get .. ked. (31101 
Eerl: TomOrrOW you'll b. twenty· one. 
but when will you look It? {3/211 

LOLA MABIE: You'" g.nlng better 
with practlc •• bee.u .. practle. mlk .. 
perfect· Thankl for IHt night! Lov. -
You know who (31101 
Wlzlrd - Crull. B.rkley·1 trip NO D,g-
like Ilx-line belli of cok. - Will Join for 
COImic w.rm fuzzy WI lov. you (31101 
L .. t Thur.d.y·. g.t:tog.thar w •• 
.p_ored tw the UNITED ARDVARK . 
ASS. ARDVARKS OF THE WORLD 
UNITEI G.H. {31101 
Stlehe You .re the mOlt BEAUTIFUL 
pereon I know. Mr. Whele PIf-
.on..(31101 
Muir Dorm.: Thenkl for helping flnd 
the Aardv.rk Ie.t Thuredly night. It'. 
tim. the .tudenta got their p_ beck. 
.. Aardvark" {3/10' 
Mike. loalng f.lth - I w .. _ . Ind 
you? Try .g.ln Mondey 2:00 Muir Field 
under tran (behind tennil courtal 
W.ndy (31101 

FrI.nd. - Thenke for In unforgettable 
Mlrch 3 - I.H.O.P .• dinner. Ind the 
" .clv.nger hunt." Foodl Foodl 
Foodl ... Lov •• K.B. (31101 
Stud ... ke fun foxy f.m.l. compenlon 
for fanta.tlc trip to Gu.dele,." over 
Spring b,..k. All IXPln_ peldl 481-
lOt (3/101 
But If w. go to Dlrtmouth who will 
pick our rei. In. Ind ch_ our gum . 
(3/101 
. "my Rublnet.ln . I lov. you. Friend of 
H.D. (31101 
Tennl. Anlm.1 -·H.ppy 20th to you .nd 
yOUr RoOtl. Stly _.y from Virgil on 
your blrthd.y. Volleybell "nlm.1 (3/101 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASH? Plying Top Dol"r 
for your U.S . Sliver Coine minted before 
1 ..... Ken 412·1321 (4/4) 
Stud.nte Int.,...ted In w .. kly Blbl. 
Study or how the Blbl. reletee to 
ev.rydey life. Qu"tlon. wllcom •. 
Contlct D.nnl. McFldden. 412 .... 
(3171 

WOMEN ENTERTAINERS NEEDED for 
5 10 coff .. hou ... ntertelnm.nt ..r. ... 
Contlct Connl ........ (3/101 
A trev.1 buddy to go tripping with m. 
to Europe for the .ummer. Int.,...ted? 
M.rgl. " -1137 (n 31101 
Rid. to B.y A,.. .tter M.rch 11. Shere 
O .. / Drlvlng. Ire. 715-,... {n 3110' 
Rldl to Utlh (SLCI After M.rch 19tn. 
WlIIgledly .here lIN .nd driving. Howte 
412-.12. (n31101 

housing 
NMd roommata for Sri.,. ClTR: 31 
bedroom. 3 bethroom condo In BoleN 
Beech . WNhIr. dryer. dIIhwelher. 
lIoyd/R.ul751842 (n3/101 
Roomm •• rIMded. tor Ie,.. .pt. 0 ..... 
_her. _ belrm. bethnn. P.B .• call 
Kirk 274-G111 ..... mo. (3/141 
Room"". _nted: She,. apt. In Del 
M.r. own bthrm .. belrm. ell furnllhed 
'XClPt YOUr room: die ..... .." pool 
.1011month Incuclel utIIItIN, ..... 
K.n. ev.nlnlll (nl1101 
F.m.1e roomata needed to .here _n 
front .t. south MIllion B_h .,.... 
"/month" utllltlN ..... {pJ/1O 

B .. u. Oc_n Front Condo. N.M.I . on 
BOIrdw.lk. Own room. utll. peld. leun. 
f.c.. lllralll. prtvecy. 133.00 ~ 
(3171 
Room.t. NNded for Large Apt. D .. h-
wllher. own bdrm. bethrm. P.B .• Kirk. 
274-l21li ~ .. 7.10 mo. (n3/12' 
Need room Immedletaly - preier Cloa .. 
to UCSD (LJ .• P.B .. D.M.I Ind .... than 
.. I month. D.vld-.7748 {n3/101 

Room for f.mlle etudent In phyelclen·. 
hom • . Kltch.n. I.undry f.cllltl ••. 
W.lldng ~latenc. of campUl. '413-.,.. 
betw .. n ... 7 pm " .00 (3/141 
Flnteetlc Beech Hou .. Leucedle: atM.,. 
R.nt .121 F.m .... Only: C.II R.lnbow 
713-2270 {31121 
Young bu.l_m.n Mlk. roomm.te 
to .here townhou.. nIIr belch. 4fi4. 
91. dey ...... ev •. Rich (3/1'" 

3 BR. 1-1/2 BA townhou .. IVlllebl. 
Immedletelyl lneludll ttov.. refrlg. 
dl.hw •• her. d"p... .heg carpet. H .. 
utility room .nd fenced brick petlo. 
Pool 100 ft. .WlY • • 110 volleyball courta. 
Children .nd/or pet okey. N_r ScrlPIll 
HoeplUtl. R.nt t3OO/mo. 4IJ.GJI .tter 
4:30 p-m {pI/10' 

servi~es 
NMd help In Frenchl For tutoring call 
.. 11311 (n 3110' 
AMAZINGLY, get your V.W tuned for. 
epeelel .10. • . L.t the little Bugge,. do 
It. 287-0118. Leon. (n3/1ul 
VW 5 Lug mounted n,. white Mugh 
Douraklne. VW other VW perta ' • • 
• •. "'91311. (n3/111 
Incom. Tex - Dllcount .tudente. ~. 
f.culty. " ·122Ihfte;4 pm (4114' 
TYPISTS: IBM -Term p'PIt,1 

~dlMlrtetlone/ltc. 
Edltlne/RUSH JOI.1XIrOIl. And!: ... 
_(11141 

, 

RESEARCH AIDB - CaNlCle·. IertIeet 
aervIc:e. For catelogue lind tz to: lIMY, 
8erv1cM. ff7 Spedlne Ave.. No .... 
Toronto. Cenede. Campue ,......r 
tltIveI required. ....... write. PI . 
LEARN how .... Iy Bob Hepbum medii 
.....MOO weekly for college. ~. 
etudente get ItIIrtId quickly In .mezlntt 
'..ert time buIf_ M.ke m~ tHe 
WMlcI Witte Imrnedllltlly. Hepburn, 
Dept. ,.,.,. lox 77Z1. V.n NIIYI. CA 
118. n 13171 . 

TUTORING - M.th. Phyllce. Compu. 
Programming. CHEAPI Lloyd .t 75 
... or witte m •• t P.O. lox 1122 Del 
·M., 121014. (3/141 
Typing. 11M. Experl.nced. 
ribbon. reporte. tMMa. _ra • • 
c.nte .nd up. P.m ....a2I7 efter 1 P"" 
(31101 
LIe.need D.yca,. Tu ... -Thu,.. 
perl.ric:ed .nd Enthu .... tlc Dot 
"'(31141 

travel 
EURDPE-IIRAEL-AFRICA-ORIENT. 
Student fIIllIte VHr round. Contect: 
ISeA. 11817 len Vincente Blvd. No. 4. 
LA. Calif .... Tel: 1213' __ .... 

...... IP 3/,.' 
tHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL ORIENT. Low prIeM- lone .nd 
.hort flight. . . IImlt.d .p.c •. 
PROFESSIONS IIIffERNATIONAL 18 
W .. twood 'Ivd. LA. .... 1213117'1-1121 

-.-.. ~ ........ ............ .. -

LE AVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE , COMMUNITY BLOOD ·BANK 
327 F. Street 

PREMEDICAL STUDENTS PLl'MIII NG cosnA("TIIRS 
Leav~rton - San Inc. 

REMODEL - NEW INSTALLAT,IONS - REPAIRS 
STATE LICENSE NO . 272-417 

566·4411 
7575 Carroll Road , San Diego, Ca. 92121 

Page 8 Triton times March 10, 1975 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.·Sat. 
8:45-5:30 

CIOCi,.d Sun. 

233-5481 

National MeAT REVIEW Course 
The specialized approach to MeAT preparation . 
Offered locally at Los Angeles, Irv ine. Riverside , 
Santa Barbara and San Diego . 
Enroll now for Spring sessions. 

NATIONAL MCAT REVIEW COURSE 
p.o. Box 362 C) Chatsworth, CA 91311 C) [213} 98Q-5993 

.. 
.. -

--

; M_ .. 
I 


