
Investigators gathered Friday when a body was found in the 
woods east of John Jay Hopkins·Rd . (n photo: Charles Eu) 
Body Found on Campus; 
May be Murder, Say Police 
. A man identified a John De mond, 26, was found dead Friday 
III the woods 70ft. cast of John Jay Hopkins Rd. on the U an 
Diego campu ,and authorities ay he may have been murdered . 

Police ay there is no known addre s for De mond who was 
apparently not affiliated with UCSD. ' 

An autop. y will be performed today, according to a dispatcher at 
the C D police office. The an Diego county coroner ays 
Desmo nd apparently died of an overdo e of morphine . 
. Th~ hO.m i cide divi ion of the San Diego police department is 
lI1\es tlga tlOg the death. Members of the team a igned to the in-
\'e<,t igation were off-duty over the weekend and could not be 
reached for comment. 

Desmond wa identi fied by a baptismal certi ficate found in a 
coat near his body. 

The body wa foun d by two men -- one a UCSD ' lUdent and the 
other af.filiated with school a a staff or faculty member, according 
to the d ispatcher -- who were walki ng along a path nearby. The two 
\\ent to the campu polil"t! office and led officer to the body. 

The names of the men who discovered the body were not 
relea ed. 

De mond's body had been in the wood for three or four day. 

Bike Shop Offers Parts, 
'Repair Service 

The UCSD like Slto, provid. . Hnice and _vice to the 
campus Itlki"l co..lIIIity. (n pIIoto: TM Sperry) 

Monday, Odober20. 1975 

Proposed Faculty Ra ise Lo w est in 9 Years 

Regents Approve R ecord 
$660 Request for State Funds 

The UC Regent have agreed money under Brown than under 
to as k for $660 million in state former Gov. Ronald Reagan 
funds for the 1976-77 sc hool who was openl <;keptical of 
year a part of a 1.2 billion many U programs and plans. 
tOlal budget that U Pre ident The 1976-77 budget is imiliar 

a on Friday called "an at- to the one propo~ed for thi 
tempt to meet minimal need." year, in spite of the Governor' . 

The budget package include as~urances that he will continue 
a propo ed 4.080/0 salary hike to cut budgets in all state 
for faculty member, one the department. until they begin 10 
cha irman of the statewide conform to the level of fruga lit y 
Academic enate said Thur day he call for. 
wa inadequate. The proposed budget 10-

The budget request repre ent elude: 
a 75.5 million increase over the -- 3.8 million to hire 133 new 
amount UC expects to receive full-time faculty member and 
from the state thi year. In its 103 teaching a si tant ; 
1975-76 budget, the Regent --$4.6 million for the 
had asked for 79 milli on more replacement of instructional 
than it received the previou equipment; 
yea r. That figure wa eventually --$2.6 million for research in 
trimedto $30 million a it pa ed I such area a the health 
under the crutiny of th e sc ience, agriculture, water, 
legi latu re and Gov. Brown. energy, the environment and 

The 1975-76 was terrnccl as eart hquake engineering; and 
"catch-up" progran by --$3 million for affirmative 
University official , who l:tearly actio n and environmen tal 
felt UC would recei e more health and safety program for 

Prop K Would Provide 
Paramedics At $2.5 Million 

~ro'pO ition !<' a propo al to levy a tax to e. tabli h paramedic 
~OIt 10 ~an Dtego has been both praised and criticized by tho e 
Involved to emergency medical care. 

Proposition K, on the November 4 ballot, would e tabli h a tax 
to sUPI?0rt 20 paramedic unit .<made up of firemen) in the City of 

an. Dte~o. Presently, al~ Otego's emergency public ambulance 
ser tce IS I un by th.e polt .e department. The policemen who 
respond to emergencte recel e 80-100 hours of advanced fir t aid 
training. 

by Ken Stipa nov 
taff Writer 

The UCSD Bike Shop, on 
Matthews Campus, and the 
UCSD Bike Book are st udent-
organized services designed to 
serve the UC San Diego 
bicycling community. 

The bike shop, by using 
. tudent labor and keeping a 
small overhead, is able to offer 
. ervices and merchand i e at 
lower prices than tho e off-
campus bike shop. 

According to Fred Boat-
wright, acting manager, part 
are generally 25 to 50% lower 
and labor is usually one-half to 
one-third the rate of 01'1'-
campu hop. 

The UCSD Bike hop a l 0 
carries a limited number of 
new bike . urrentl y the hop 
carrie the i co unt line, with 
model s priced from $ 180 to 
$260. 

The U SD Bike Book, the 
first of it s kind at U D, i a 
. mall pamphlet which outline 

ba~ic bicycle afety, law, 
maintenance and equipment. 
It al 0 include.· informati n 
and ugge tions on rides 
around U D. 

teve olman, edit or f the 
k, aid he wa in ' pi red b a 

anta Barbara publication 
and wa aided b t hat ca m-
pus' Police department. The 
book is a D publication 
and wa funded bv monic'> 
co llected from parki lig finc,> . 

Opened in 1974 
The . D Bike Shop \Va ... 

.,tarled in the tall of 1974 b\ I 
\1 ortemen and lltlH~1 \V h) 
were intere :ed in bi"c and 
<,a \\ the necd lOla I i"c hop 
c1o.,c 10 L'C.' D. 1 hl' othel bi" . 
hop., in L a Jolla \\elC 

in ol1venient for 'ludent., In 
me. 

"If you jU'>l \\al1tl'd '>OIllC 
Continued on P atte It 

Trained a t UC 0 
They can pe rform such 

procedure a cardio-
pulmonary re uscitation and 
stopping bleeding. 

Paramedic . receive 1000 
hours of ba ic life support 
training. They are taught to 
admini ter drugs. u e electric 
shock to timu late heart beat 
and perform tracheotomie . 
Pre ently the UC San Diego 

chool of Medicine trains 
paramedic unit s for the San-
tee / Lake ide and an Dieguito 

'area; the paramedic for the 
city of San Diego would al 0 
train at U D . 

Acco rding to Dr. Ru th ovell 
of the U Medi cal Scho I, 3 00 

an Diegan required 
emergency medical care la t 
yea r, and one half of the e 
people died before reaching a 
ho pita!. 

ovell estimate that with a 
paramedic sy. tem, 5 of tho e 
who died on the way to the 
ho pital could have been aved. 

o cll said that beside. having 
"much more inten ive training 
than the poli ce unit ," 
paramedics are equipped with 
two-way radios that enable 
them to con ult with d ctor in 
a ba e hmpital. Paramedic an 
al 0 tran.,mit a patient' 
elcctrO'ardi gram to the ba e 
hmpita l where a doctor can 
read it and advi~e th e parametlic 
accordingly. 

Bell er than [)octnr. 
" I t '<; bet ter to haH! a 

paramedi' arrive on the "cent' of 
all emergenc than a dOl:tor. 

bcc,llI~e the haH' Ii I c ",n in ' 
L'quiprnent '\ith thel11," Co dl 
L' ll11mcntcd. 

On I) Fir~mcn I-]i~ih'e 
\1cmbe r\ I' t he pin ,\lC 

,llllbu lancc inull<,11 ~ rro'e the 
plopo ... ition be au e it aw,lIt1, 
thc paramedic <,ervice to fire 
figh ter." excludi ng them and 
\et er ,111 . from I he t I <lining 

ontinued on Pajle 8 

the university. 
The rat e of 4.0 % for 

faculty wa. developed using :l 
,>cale de\,i.,ed by the POSl-
econtlary Education Corr-
mi"~iol1 . t set a pay rate i 1 

ahfornla public univer<;itir 
and college., by comparing rate. 
011 a n3tI0I1\\1(.1e le\el. al(Ol 
aC"llowkdged before a Regent 
committec Thur,dav that - th' 
f!.1ethod m~\y ha\e produced ; 
tlgurethat I'> too 10\, . 

The propo. ed increa e \\ ou I j 
, 

David S. Saxon 
repre ent the malle t rai e fo : 
UC teacher in nine year. 

The budget reque t and the 
alary increase must now clear 

both the legi lature and the 
Governor . The entire proce 
will take a lmo t nine months. 

Care Center 
Needs Funds, 
Workers 

by Margaret Krueger 
t aff Writer 

Tucked away in the far 
northea t corner of the campus 
i a place where everyday ob-
jects are on a smaller cale. 

Diminuti ve chair and 
miniature table furni h the UC 
an Diego Day Care Center, 

where tudent and faculty 
parent can leave thei r chi ldren 
fro m morn ing to late afternoon 
whi le cla e are in e sion. 

The center operate a a 
parent' cooperati e. Parent 
pay a quarterl fee, and are 
required to spend time each 
month either working with the 
chi ldr~n or working on the 
ground . 

Since it e tabli hment in the 
. pring of 1969 by the campu 
Women ' Liberation Group, 
the Center has more than 
doubled it. enrollment. In 1971 
the Board I' Parents re ponded 
10 the need of the Day are 

enter b increa ing it ize, 
impro ing . ome of the fa ilitie 
and by hiring Jo. ie Foulk a 
full-time da ca e director. 

With the help of it pon or, 
the Offi(e of _tudent Affair, 
the (enter purcha~ed a hOll e 
trailer in additi . n to the main 
huilding. The cll luren were 'plit 
into t\\O a e gr'111p~. Toddler. 
to three ve 1-01 remained in 
the orip-'inal building, whil 
three-veal-old to fl\c-\ear-01d 
III v din (' . ' r . 

Directol r' oulk \\3 glad to 
have the c \t ra roo 111 , " a'h ag.e 
!'r\lUr need ... <,~ ' Ial Jtlelltion," 
"he aid . "The )-oll llger 011 
n d c tra I \ ing. Th Id r 
L1lildren need . timlliati n ," 

ontinucd on Pa~e 3 



Paae two 

CraiaUdli ... 
Opl.ron editor 

• ri ollf. OM'S 
, uc ... DIItO 

Mal'll Woelber 
Ma •• a.cedHer J.m.G ... . Cltyed ... · 

The Jriton Times is recognized as the official student newspaper by 
the Communicalions Boord of UCSO. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of Ihe maiorily of the editoriol board (obove), ond nol Ih. 
views of the University , the Communicalions Boord or the sludent 
bot/yo 

Administration Should Act 
The Graduate Student Union has once aeain asserled the four 

demands that are essenlial 10 the livelihood of its members and, 
more importantly, to undergraduate education at UC San Diego. 

II would appear that unless the dem~n~s ar~ met ?! some ty~e '!~ 
response is forthcoming from the adminIStratIon. a work a~tlOn 

ma~' occur. November 3, two weeks f!~m today, IS the deadl~ne t~e 
administration has fiven the GSU. If illS not met, a work actIOn, 10 
essence a strike wil be considered by the GSU. 

This is not' an idle threat . It will mean !hat the GSU . has 
exhausted all administrative channels to solve liS problems. Since 
till' spring quarter of last year, the GSU has made sincere efforts to 
work with the administration to have its demands m~l. They have 
attempted to meet with the UC Re~ents, to no avail. They hav.e 
compiled a report on wasteful expenditures at UCSD only to have It 
i!::nored. k' ff'I" TIle GSU means business. It is currently see 109 a I lallon as a 
union under the National Labor Relations Board [NLRB) and are 
also seeking advice from outside agencies. . 

Also it has received encouragement from the successful st nke 
staged ' by the University ,?f Wisc~nsin's graduate t~dents. In 
Wisconsin a powerful uDlon receIved the demands It sought, 
nolably g~aranteed employment for four yea rs and .a succe.ssful 
repulsion of a 10 percent increase in Ihe size of .teachlng secllons . 
The administration at Madison had attempted to mcrease the T.~ to 
st udent ratio from 19: I to 21: I, only to meet slrong oppOSItion 
from the union. . 

If a strike is to occur, undergraduate education at UC;SD w!1I 
have reached its nadir. Already, overcrowded sect IOns In 
mathematics. natural cicnces and humanilies have destroyed the 
concepl of a rigorous education. 

Particularly at Revelle . College! where the c?ncep~ of the 
Hl'naissance Man has remamed an mtegral part of It s phIlosophy, 
the stringency in the Humanities program has been eliminated. In 
le.,s than four year the number of term papers per .quarter. ~as 
dropped from five 10 IW!l , mak~ng a further. sham 01 the wrltmg 
requirement. [The T As SImply 'dld not have lime to grade 5~ to 60 
papers every two weeks.) In freshman chemistry [Nat. SCI. tA) 
there are only Ihree TAs for approximately 300 students. Malh 
sections have been reduced from two a week to one a week. If Ihese 
problems are not solved, the well-rounded individua l a t Revelle will 
become a [Ihing of the past. l 

An indefinile s trike will bun' him foreve r . 
Even a successful strike in which all or part of the demand s are 

met will have severe repercuss ions: . 
The reputation of UC D as an institution of higher learnmg 

would be marred. II will mean tha t UCS D does nol deserve a tcn-
yca r accreditation , I'or il will be an ad mission thaI UCSD does not 
nHer qu ality educa li on to undergraduates. . 

We, Iherefore, urge (/l(' admi nist ralion to fin~ subslanllal a n-
~ \\ers to the demands of the G ' before a s trike ca n even he 
cunsidered . 

Register to Vote 
There is, at Ihe mo ment , no war in which American force a rc 

involved. No one is gelling his head busted in Ihe street. Issues are 
no longer as clearly defined as Ihey were three years ago, and that 
means fewer people are awa re of them , and fewer people will 
bother to make Ihemselv~s aware and vole . 

However, because i·;sues don 'l seem black and while doesn't 
mean they aren't impollant. . 

In Nove mber , Sa n r 'it;go voters will rill several city counCIl. sea ts 
that \-I'eren 't decided n the September primar). The ca ndIdates 
differ on man) b~ues aHecting all of our li ves, including unem-
plu) menf in the cil~ (axes . ci ty growth . There arc also several 
important propo5ition , on Ihe. b~Jlot, among them Prop. K [see 

Pll~l' IJ. . . . - . 
Of cmrr.w. fur man~ I) ' us lhe mo~t pressmg I~SU~ of !he 1970 ' IS 

\\I1(' ther Bl ack'~ Bead' should be con tinued as a SWllnsulls optw nal 
an·a. II' )IIU care abou n )\h~ng but Ihat, regi ·ter and vo te. 

In Del Mar, 111 0 , Ih,:re are important is~u es. T~e Del Mar gener~1 
plan i, up for vuler con. ideratinn, and it contains milch Ihat w!1I 
aHl'c t .he \-I'a) Ihe smlll North Coun t) city grows a lld develops 111 
I hl ' fu'ure' . . 

\dditiu nall). if a move III I>ut chemi,tr ' profcssor Jo~n Weare. s 
naull' fin a recall hallot ~ llcceC(b. hi~ large 'lLld ent c()n.~ lItll l'!1~·~ \\,111 
he l· .... ellti ~11 in determining whel her or 1I0t he retain hIS ~()s ll!~n lin 
thl' Del Mar Ut) Co uncil. His c ritics ~a} he Iried tn depr!ve CIII!enS 
of the right tl) vule fin the general plan. ha~ practIced fIscal 

irn·,pon~ibilil) and ha~ failed to repre ·ent the peo ple. 
'-iearh 2\JIHJ 01 'Ihe people ' In Ucl Mar go \(I M' hoot here. I ho~e 

iudi\ idlial ., helped elec t Weare alnlO~1 Iwo }ears al(Cl, and charl(I'S 
an' IHI\\ heing mad!.' again~t him in thei~ name. . . , 

f)cci ~i() n , lIre being made fur )CIII In ' nvernber: .Our POll1t IS 
,implc: il i, fhe res pon,ihilit) of eH'r) Ollt' nf us ehglhll' tfl cas l a 
hallot to regi .. tcr to ~ole IU)\\ . 

i rli .... 10Il'S Monday, October 20, 197~ 
Letters to the Editor 

CalPIRG Preying on Student Apathy 
student support, and is a more 
honorable and straight forward 
means of obtaining fundin,. 

BILL RUSSELL 
JIM STRAZZERI 

. MIKE ANDERSON 
We are astonished by the article 
which appeared in the October 
13 issue of the Triton Times 
concerning CalPIRG's plans for 
a "mandatory refundable fee." 

It seems incomprehensible to 
us that an orgam~tion, which 
attempts to stop student apathy 
by active involvement and 
awareness. should attempt to 
increase its funding by preying 
upon that same apathy. It 
should be obvious to all that the 
red tape and lime involved in 
the refunding of such a fee 
would provide a useful 
deterrent against the possibility 
of a student making such a 
request. 

Writer Urges Del Mar 
Students to Register 

The city of Del Mar is presently faced with a most crucial 
decision. This decision will determine the economic, demographic 
and aesthetic direction the city will take in the next ten to twenty 
years. 

And students who have a definite interest in the future of Del 
Mar, and who ~an comprise up to 2~OJo ot Del ~ar's re~~ster~ 
voters, are in a unique and potentIally mfluentlal posItion In 
deciding the outcome. 

We cannot see why- this 
organization does· not continue 
its present practice of including 
it s membership card (which 

The decision takes the form of a referendum on November 25 
concerning the general plan of Del Mar. The issues are con-
troversial and emotional; they are of deep concern to the town's 
residents. Students, as an active and integral part of the com-
munity, mus t make their voice heard and innuence felt . Questions 
close to students--cost and availability of housing, the character of 
the town--are riding on this referendum. BUI in order to be sure of 
a part in this decision. students must vote. 

Del Mar students-- re~ister to vote. 
For futher informatIon or to register to vote, call 755-2724 or 

755-3 149. 
would be validated upon 
paymenl of $\.50) in . the 
registration oackets. ThIS is 
truly more representative of 

Keep students in Del Mar. 
JERI CABOT 

GSU Reasserts T~:~:~:; -to-C...;.....h-a-n-c-e-I-Io-r-----,I 
Dear Chancellor McElroy: 

The Graduate Student Union 
would like to re-assert the four 
demands which we put forward 
during the last academic vear: 

I) 50 percent TAemployment 
or it s equivalent ror every 
graduate st udent, for the 
duration of hi s/ her stay in the 
program. 

2) Year - long contracts to be 
signed in the spring quarter 
previous to the year of em-
ployment . 

3) No increase in s tudent / TA 
ratio in any department; ap-
propriate work-load s to be 
determined by gradu ate 
st udent s in each department. 

4) Tuition waive rs for all o ut -
of-state graduate s tudents; fee 

Humanities T As Call for 
Improvement in Ratios 

TO: The University Community 
FROM : H umanities Progra m Teaching Assistants 

We believe that the Revelle College huma nities program can no t 
a frord to accept the unprecedented de teriorat i.on in !h~ qualil y <;I f 
undergraduate educalion brought abo ut by thI S yea r s Increases In 
Ihe program 's student / TA ratios. 

Undergraduat e stude nt s have a lready begun to voice their 
concern. to us ove r the virtual el imination of all wri ting 
req uirements f rom Ihe humanit ies sequence, as well as their 
concer n a bo ul the amount of individual atte ntion they wi ll receive 
because of our in creased work-loads. Obviously , there can be no 
kind of qualit y education in a situation which does not permit 
undergraduate. to actively confron t and arti~u l ate their ,?w.1l 
Ihoughts in writt CIl ro rm. And there can be no km~ of humanIstic 
educa tion when we are prevented from spendmg reasonabl e 
amount s of time with individual studenls during o ffice h ours. 

We request, therefore, that the UCS D administratio.n draw 
immediately UpOIl discretionary fund s in order to alleVIate t~e 
current crisis si tuation in undergraduate ins truction at UCS D III 
genera l and in particul ar in the humanilies program . Teaching ~hould be given the hi ghe. t priority by th~ ad~l1ini strati~!l in order 
10 elim inate unacceplable st udent / TA railOS 111 humallltles and to 
rcstore us to the 40: I ratios which are minimally accep table for 
qua lit y ed ucat io n . 

15SIGNATURE ONFILE 

The Trilon T,mes is r.ecognized by the Communications Boord of UCSO·os the 
of/ ieral student newspoper . Publication is on Mondays. Wednesdays and 
Frrdays dur ing Ihe regular school year (excepI on o~ici ol holidays). Ediloriol 
and buslne5S off ree. are localed In 117 Bloke Hall on Ihe Revelle College 
campus, Un ive rs ity olColi forn io. Son ~iego. 

letters to the Ed ilor and opinoon columns are we lcomed. All submissions 
shou ld be Iyped on 0 74-spoce line on nonerO$Oble paper. ThbY should not 
exceed three pages on length double·spaced. The Tr ilon Times reserves Ihe 
right to edll subm iSSions beca use of space I lmltot lons or 3tyle requi rements. 

Fo r edilorlol , ca ll 452·3466; for business and d isplay odvertlSemenls. call 
452-3468. 

waivers for all graduate 
students. 

As a result of our activities 
over the last few month s, in-
cluding the publication of o ur 
report, the Graduate Student 
Union considers any obligation 
which it took upon itself to 
justi fy these demand s 
econo mi ca lly, politi ca lly, 
morally, or pnuosopOlcally, to 
be satisfied. The union now 
wou ld like to see the ad-
minis tration, at whatever level, 
respond concretely to our 
demands . We would like to 
know which demands the 
administration will implement , 
which it might implement in a 
different form than we suggest , 
or what the administ rat ion put s 
forward as a counter-proposal. 
The union would be eager to 
begin a negotiating process 
which would take that form . 

Time is shor.t. The Graduate 
St udent Union does not wan t to 
engage in further fruitless 
"nego tiations" which are 
actually seminars on why the 
admini s tration di sa gree s 
philosophicall y with, or is 
helpless to do anything about, 
the GSU' s demands. We want 
immediate s tabili za tion of this 
yea r 's employment situation 
and a firm commitment to our 
demands for next year, and we 
would like to see and discuss the 
admini s tration s concrete 
proposals in this regard. On 
November 3rd, therefore, the 
GSU will assess the quality of 
any negotiating process and the 
results which have, or are likely 
10 issue therefrom, and will 
make a decision on that basis as 
to whether to engage in an 
im mediate work-action . 

Thank yo u for your con-
~iderat ion in t his matter . 

NEGOTIATING COM-
MITT EE, GRADUATE 
STUDE NT UNION 

Monday, October 20, 1973 

Politics: James G. Soto 

Unsolicited Advice 
Political pundits are a strange and mysterious type of human 

hack . Living in a warped world of taverns, roadSIde cafes and 
pressrooms, the pundit is primarily known for bad manners, stale 
breath and a diabolical preoccupation with speculation. The 
pu~dit, ?r as he:: s.ometi":,e~ calls himself, the expert, is const':l~tly 
giVing hIS unsoliCIted opinIOn on the whole panorama of pohtlcal 
eve nts . 

.. . It wasn't long after the advent of the wheel that the political 
pollster, expert, columnist and commentator began to give hi s 
opinion on the results of the upcoming New Hampsire Primary . 
The opinions vary -- from the victor assuming the appearance of 
the saviour for the Nation/ Democratic Part y/GOP, to the ex-
pulsion of Spain or Zambia from the United Nations -- but the 
motrves do not. The pundit is clearly trying to attract a little at-
tention to his wizard or lizard- like talents. But one fact remains 
aftc r all: the dude who gets suckered into walkingthroughthe snow 
and ta lkin g to unbelievably ancient New England Yankees about 
maple syrup futllres; will probably try to. convince everybody that 
his candidacy will lead to the econd coming of the Good Old Days 
and to his nomination at the party convention next summer. 

New Hamp. hire, a state with a population nearly as large as the 
Mission Valley shopping center, continues to exert so me magical 
pull on the minds of degenerate pundits, not unlike myself, who are 
constantly earching to satisfy the notorious disease known as "the 
copy shortage." If the Triton Times had the money and a few loose 
bolt s upstairs, Simons, Heimler, Taylor or Soto might be called 
upo n to travel to the wilds of New England to write about the 
pri mary. 

"Wilh the People" 

New Hampshire coverage a lways provides such c!ass!cs of 
American political participation as the old woman :-v h ~ will gIve the 
fro ntrunner the finger when he goes ~oor to door In h.ls quest to be 
"with thc people." The New HampshI re Pflmarypr~vl~e.s a cha nce 
for the writer to ext rapolate how the peoplewho lI ve In c llles or over 
14.5 milli on sta nd on the iss ues rrom results ga thered in villages 
,mailer than the Muir College dean' s office. 

Then there is the quadrennial di splay o r bad taste exh ibit ed by 
publi sher William Loeb or the Manchest~r Un.ion Leader. In the 
New Hampshire " Mudfest" last month, 111 whIch Democrat John 
Durki n de reated Republican Louis W yman in a rerun or the closest 
election in Senate history, Loeb was instrumental in furthering the 
cause of creative writing by producing a series of bogus letters 
written by Durkin supporters in what was supposed to have been an 
at tempt to discredit the Democrat. . 

It backfired but Loeb was able to make Ed Muskle c rack four 
yea rs ago under similar pressure, beginning the ecl ipse or that 
Maine Senator' . presidential chances. 

Ir Loeb fail s to bring comic relief to the primary, Gerald Ford 
\~o n't. Ford , who will probably face Ronald Rea~an a nd so me 
eccentric rrom Massachu et s named Gibson, campaIgned long and 
ha rd for Wyman last month . New Hampshire is a Repub lican s tate 
but a pparently those Yankees don't like Ford's ver ion of the 
GO P. Wyman los t decisively . 

Pride of Grand Rapids 

Regan, of co urse, has a nice smile and sounds more decisive than 
the pride o r Grand Rapids . He will run hard and may run into the 
mo ney. I r he rai ls, he still ca n win in Florida the next week and 
make the president seriously evaluate his chances, someth ing that 
maybe hasn't been done yet at the Whit e House. 

But a ll of this idle specualti on i meaningle s when one co nsi ders 
Iha t New Hamps hire is on ly in it for the mo ney. Arter the primary, 
I he cconomy will sag a litlle and Ii fe will return to normal. 

When you come right down to it, New Ha mpsh ire on ly has 17 
delega tes to thc convention, a nd what happen th ere is not likel y 10 

~ wing the nomination to anybody when it co mes time to break open 
a dead loc ked convention . 

$2.25 

Volunteers, Funds Needed 
Continued f •• lm Page I 

Foulks added that in spi te of can aid the emollonal physical 
the acqui sition of the trailer the and social development of the 
center is still "too small ." individual." 

Personal Creativity 

Ai the center children are 
taught how to make different 
projects, are helped with 
academics and social graces and 
are given free time to indulge in 
personal creativity. 

The purpose of the Day Care 
enter is to " promote quality 
ay care ror the ch ildren or the 

UCSD Community and to 
promote a n educational and 

supportive comm.unity which 

" Photos: 
Tad 

Sperry 

Right now the center is in-
volved with rai si ng money for 

·Iandscaping, including a lawn to 
rep lace the sand that covers the 
outdoor play area. 

One of th e fund raIsing 
projects is the raffling off of a 
fifty pound pumpkin donated 
by the bookstore. Tickets for 
the rafl1e a re selling in the 
Bookstore. The winning ticket 
will be drawn Oct. 28 at 3 p m 
by one of the child ren from the 
Day Care C~nter . 

Page three 

On October 27 the childre 
will be traveling to Escondid 
for a Pumpkin Hunt, takin 
home all the pumpkins tha t the 
find . 

Al so, Chris tmas card s 
designed by th e children will be 
sold to raise mo ney at the 
Bookstore, Scripps Aquarium 
and at Mande vill e cente r 
performances. 

Funds and volunteers to work 
at the Cent er are in short 
supply. One parent i concerned 
with the University' s "apparent 
lack or int erest in helping fu nd 
the Day Ca re Centc r. II 

The Day Care Center is 
located on Matt hew's am pus 
on Lyman A venue . 

The popular new ... 

SHARK 
ANIMATED Committee 

Investigates 
Elections 

"Something that will stun the 
listener-reader, hold him in its grip, 
and never quite let go of him." 

WATCH 
Only $24.95 Postpaid. 

You'lI be the envy of your fflends 
when you wear the Super White Shark 

An as~embly special sub-
committee on student elections 
has been formed to hold in-
vestigative hearings on college 
election procedures at different 
ca mpuses throughout 
California. 

One such hearing was con-
ducted on May 21 at California 
State University , Sacramento. 

Witnesses testified that poll 
wo rkers conducting the student 
election opened each ballot 
be fore depositing it in the ballot 
box. The Board of Ju tice 
invalidated the election becau e 
of violations of the AS con-
sti tution and the elections code . 

Among 'the committees' other 
linding were th e mi use of tile 
Univers ity new papers for 
elect ion benefits, control of AS 
fun ds to influence election and 
the mi. u c of students and 
da~~t imc by candidates. 

Other hearings are being 
plan ned for the balance of the 
1975-76 academic year. 

-The Washington Post 

In one of the most 
remarkable auto-
biographies of 
our time. Nate 
Shaw-an Ala-
bama sharecrop-
per-tells of 
blood, sweat and 
84 years of cour-
age, integrity and 
unquenchable 
pride. 
"One does not 
read this book-
one listens to it, 
and gasps, and 
nods in agree-
ment." 
-New York Times 
Book Review 

animated wristwatch. 
The unique dial features a swimmer 
revolving around Ihe dreaded white IIIIIHrr~ "",.o 
shark jaws every minute. Makes a 
great conversat ion piece. 
The handsome gold tone case has a 
Swiss precision movement with an 

unbr~akable mainspring and IS 
guaranteed. Comes gift boxed to 
make an Ideal gift for that special 
someone . 
People will notice you when you wea r 
the Super White Shark wristwatch. 
Order yours today. 

SPECIAL 10% STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Send this ad along with your order and deduct $2.50 from 
the above price. You pay only $22.45. 

: ............................................•...... : 
: HOUSE Of CUPID • 
: OEPT SCI. 34 PEARLWOOD ST .. CHULA VISTA. CA 2011 PR ICE • 

PI~a" stn<l __ St.pt, Sh.'~ W' ''I* Ir h(~' _ 
: N.me ___________ C.h( add 6 Ia . ___ _ 

· 
· 
· 
· • 

• Add",. __________ _ r"'I ___ _ 
• 

· 
· C"' ______ / ,p _ __ _ Bt \u" 10 ocluOe ' hed. : m""~v 0' p, Sorry no coo • 
~ .....................•.......••.....•.•.••••••••••• ~ 

Write for group fund raising Quanltly dIscount pnces. No cash oullay. 



~r"s ON:IOj20-10j26 
• rl.oll •• n)(~ 

Any event in or around the UC SDn Diego community is eligible 
for inclusion in WHA T'S ON. 

Please use the style IIIIdformat you see below for submissions. 
Turn them in either to the student center by" pm Thursday, or to 

the Triton Times by ., pm Friday. 

Monday 
9 am - 5 pm -- Career Job Interviews. House of Holland, West; specializes in 

natural and simulated diamonds. Seeks any degree, major for management 
positions. Appts necessary , info at Career Planning & Placement, 412MC, rm 15 . 

Noon -- Meeting. Meeting of the Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, UCSD 
Gym. 

Noon - 5 pm -- Art Exhibit in the Mandeville Art Gallery. A recreation of a rural 
lIIinois cemetery -- Crab Orchard Cemetery by Jo Hanson, through October 2~. 

Noon -- Seminar. Dr. William H . Thomas will speak on "The CEPEX Big-bag 
Experiment; Phytoplankton Results." SWFC Auditorium, Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography. . . . . 

I pm -- WORSHIP. Trident Chnstlan Fellowship prayer meellng. Lounge 
Conference Room, Student Center. . . ' . . 

3 pm -- Meeting of the Chancellors AdVisory Committee on the Handicapped m 
the Disabled Student Center. All st udents welcome. 

4 pm -- Athletic Event. Women's volleyball team verws Mira Costa College. 
Mira Costa College, Oceanside, Ca... .. . . 

4 pm -- Meeting of the Union 01 JeWish Student s; In their office In Student 
Organizations, Student Center. . 

4 pm -- Seminar. Dr. Robert Shulman, Bell Tel~phone Laborator!es,. Murray 
Hill, New Jersey, will speak on "Phosporous.Magnetlc Resonance. Studies m Whole 
Cells." Dr. Leslie Orgel will host. Small Semmar Room, Salk Institute. 

4 p .m. -- Meeting of the Table Tennis Club. In Recreation Conference Room, 
Recreation G ym . 

4:30 pm -- Meeting of the Gymnastics C lub . South B.alcony, UCSD qym. 
5 - 9 pm -- Clinic at the Birth Control Center IS open. Appomtments are 

necessa ry. Call 452-2669. 
5 pm -- Meeting cf UCSD Students for Tom Hayden. Game Conference Room . 
5:30 pm -- Meeting of the Science Fiction and Fanta y Club. Lounge Conference 

Room. Slnn!"nt \.!" ntf"r 
6 pm -- Meeting of th e Chri tian Science Organization in the Blake Conference 

Room. 
6:30 pm -- Meeting ofthe Student Cooperative. North Conference Room , tudent 
Centtr. 

7 pm -- Meeting of thc Student Dance Coop. West Balcony, UCSD Gym. 
7:30 pm -- Meeting for all interested stude nt of the Muir 5 & Dime Coffeehouse. 

S & Dime , Lower Muir Commons. 
7:30 pm -- Meeting of all tran cendental meditators in the Revelle formal lounge. 
7:45 pm -- Meeting of the Aikido Club. Wrestling Room , UCSD Gym . 
8 pm -- Meeting of the Israeli Dance Club . Rec reation Gym Con Ference Room. 
8 pm -- Co nccrl. UCSD Mu sic Depanment will ponsor a chamber mu ~ ic concen. 

Mandeville Recital Hall. FREE 
9 pm -- Film ~ ponsored by the Monday ight Fli cks, " Duck Soup. " 5 & Dimc, 

Lo wer Muir ommon. FREE . 
Ar t Exhibit in the Clu~ter ndergradua te Library . ow on display are picture~. 

books, artifacts from the People'\ Republic of C hina, Through October 24. 

Tuesday 
9 am - 3 pm -- Birth onl ro l Center i~ open for inforlllJtion and to make ap-

pointment s. t tudent Health Cen ter, thi . en'ice is for \llIdent s and panner\. 
9 am - 5 pm -- Career Job Interviews. Hu ghes A ircraft Co .. [\cctron Dynallli-:~ 

Divi\ion. R&D \\or~. \el'l. , BA, MS, PhD in Phy,ics and Engineerin g (e\cctrical). 
ppt s. necessa ry, info al Career Planni ng& Placement, 412 MC, rill 15. 
9:30 - II am -- W()rk~hf) p: For students de~irin g to improve their ~oc ial In-

te raction skills, Hugh Pates, Ph.D. and Kell y J o ne,> leaders. Revelle Coun~elor,> 
Orfice X3490. 

lOam -- Meetin~ . Gylll Concert Subcommittee in the Arls & Lectures Office. 
II :30 am -- Meetinl( (If the Fourth College Program Board . Matthews Recreation 

Center . 
oon -- Meeting of the Conditioning Club. Wrest ling Room, UCSD Gym. 
oon -- Meeting of the .S. Committee for Justice to Latin American Political 

Priso ners (U.S. L.A .) orth Conference Room, Student Center. 
I pm -- Worship . Trident Christian Fellowship Prayer Mceting. Lounge Con-

ference Room, Student Center. 
3 pm -- Ath letic Event. Field hockey team versu Grossmolll ollege. Gros mont 

College, EI Cajon, Ca. 

\\,11 \'T'S ;'\ cd itor: W ~ ncl yEagle 

3 - 5 pm -- Workshop. Job-Seeking T.echniques. Helps y~)U explore worki.ng 
environments of interest to you, techniques for approachmg employer~, in-
terviewing, re ume writing. First of three sessions. Sign-ups at Career Plannmg & 
Placement, 412 MC, rm 15. 

4 pm -- Meeting to discuss why "Alice Doesn'",.", Matth.ews Rec Cen,ter, ~II 
MC Paula Hui, moderator. Plans for the October 29th nauonal ~omen s strike 
day will be discussed. . 

4:30 pm -- Meetin~ of the Revelle Residence Hall Board in the Blake Conference 
Room . Everyone invited to attend. 

4:30 pm -- Meeting of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony! UCSD Gym. . 
5 pm -- Organizational Meeting for the women's intercollegiate basketball team III 

the PE conference room . 
5 pm -- UCSD Soccer Club practice and game. Everyone welcome. Matthews 

field . 
6 pm -- Meeting of the Dance Workshop. West Balcony, UCSD Gym. -
6 pm -- Meeting of the Cheerleaders Club. Recreation Conference Room, 

Recreation Gym. . 
6 pm -- Meeting of the Pep Band. Recreation Conference Room, Recreation 

Gym. 
7 pm -- Meeting of the Student Educational Change Center. Game Conference 

Room , Student Center. 
7 pm -- Fireside. Want to find out about the Baha'i Fait~? Then co~e to the 

fireSide - an informal discussion. Mesa Apts. 9036 #H For mfo call Julie at 453-
2094. d '. 

7 pm -- Meeting in the International Center for those interested in the E ucatlon 
Abroad Program for 1976-77, to answer questions, see a film and speak to the 
returnees. 

7:30 pm -- Meeting of the Folk Dance Club . Recreation Conference Room, 
Recreation Gym . 

7:30 pm -- "The Blac k Christ," by Dr. Ed Reynolds, U.C. Exten ion lecture, 1110 
Psychology and Lingui~ tics Building, Muir ~ollege. .' 

7:30 pm -- Soaring Club Grol!nd Schoo! I~ ~SS 2150. All non-llcen cd members 
are required to attend . Anyone Interested IS m'/lted to attend. 

8 pm -- Meeting of the S~rf Club for .all surfers .i nterested in participating in the 
intra-club contest to determine thIS years IIlterco lleglate surf team. P&L I I 17. 

8 pm -- Meeting of the Black Student Union , in their office in Student 
Organizations, Student Center. 

Wednesday 
9 am - 5 pm -- Graduate School Information Meeting. Stanford Graduate School 

of Busines ; programs, admissions, financial aids info. Drop-in 412-M ,rm 17 . 
More info at areer Planning & Placement. . 

9 am - 5 pm -- Career Job Interviews. The May C<;>mpany, Seek lIberal am 
graduates for retail management. Appts. necessary, Info at Career Plannlllg & 
Placement, 412 MC, rm 15. 

Noon -- Ecumenical Meditation and discussion, open to all, Formal Lounge, 
Re\ elk . 

Noon -- Meeting orthe Conditioning lub. Wrestling Room, UCSD Gym. 
I pm -- WOR Hill . Trident Christ ian Fellowship prayer meeting. Lounl\e 

(\)Jl fercnce Room , Student Center. 
2 pm -- Meeting of the In ternational enter' \ Wive~' Group. De~ign.ed for foreign 

\\ i\e'> an d Americans interested in c ross-cultu ral experiences. Int ernalional Center. 
3 pm -- Meeting of the Disa blcd Student Union in the Di,abled Student Center. 

II 5t udents welcome. 
3 pm -- At hletic Event. oceer team ver,>us Point Loma College. Muir Ficld. 

UCSD. 
3 - 4:45 pm -- Clinic: fo r couples or individual ~ seeking information or counseling 

o n , e:\ual matters . Judith Joregensen M.D. Hu gh Pates Ph.D. leader. Revelle 
CO Linse lor's Ofrice X3490. 

4 pm -- Athletic Event. Water polo team versus Pepperdine College. Pcpperdinc 
Collegc, Los Angeles, Ca . 

4 pm -- Meeting of the Third College Council. North Conference Room, Studenl 
Center. 

4 pm -- Meeting of the Table Ten ni C lu b. Tentatively scheduled for the 
Recreation Conference Room , Recrea tio n Gym. 

4:30 pm -- Meeting of the Gymnastic C lub . South Balcony, UCSD 9Y":I ' . 
S pm -- Meeting. Public relation of S.A.T.C. H . Student Orga mzal1ons on-

rerence Room, Student Center. 
S pm -- Meeting of the UCSD Tennis lub in Intramural room in the recreational 

gym. 
S - 9 pm -- Birth Control Clinic. See Monday listing. 
6 pm -- Meeting, Students Active Toward Community Health (SATCH). Revelle 

inrormallounge. 
6:30 pm -- Meeting of the Fourth College Residence Hall Board . Mathews 

Recreation Center. 
7 pm -- Meeting of the Kundalini Yoka Club. Adaptive Room, UCSD Gym. 
7:30 pm -- Meeting of the Trident Christian Fellowship. North Conference 

Room , Student Center. 
7:30 pm -- Meeting of the qradu~te. St~dentl!nion: USB 2622 .. 
7:30 pm -- Seminar on BaSIC ChrIStIanity, Unlvers it y-Commulllt y Church, west or 

Urey Hall Parking lot. # 
7:30 pm -- Meeting of the Dance Workshop . North Balcony, UCSD Gym. . 
7:45 pm -- Meeting of the Aikido Club. Wrestling Room, UCSD Gym. 
8 pm -- Dinner. 5 & Dime Sing for your Supper Series featuring local talent. Two 

different shows. Muir 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. Free. 

e Bicycle Shop --III 
by Fred Boatright 
UCSD Bike Shop 

week ~e will discuss the wheets, 
ng core, maintenance and 
(alignment ). I'll continue next 

discussing advantages and disod-
of optimizi ng your bicycle with 
ond sew· up tires. 
are the most importanl port of 

becouse they are what come 
Ih the rood . You should keep 
clean, especially the spokes 

nippl es, because they are what 
wheels true. If you letthese items 

, II becomes difficult when 
need 10 be trued. 
wheels cQuse some major 

One is that the brakes cannot be 
good adjustment because the 

of Ihe wheel rub ~ainsl 
blocks. Another is Ihot under 

high speeds, qu ite a bit of vibralion is 
transferred to the bicycle . Imagine going 
down Scripps hill on your bike and all of a 
sudden senSing 0 h igh speed wobble in 
your wheels . It's not safe. 

The hubs basically serve as the pivot for 
rotation. They consist of bear ings, bearing 

.ro<: es and cones. All these campanenlS 
'should be kept wellpocked with grease. 
Hubs generally should be overhauled once 
a year. With the right tools, soilleni and 
some lightweight grease you can overhaul 
Ihem yourself. 

However, you should be shown by on 
experienced person f i rst because 
depending on whal type of hub you have, 
the pallern and process for overhaul 
varies. 

tn fact , the f irsl Bike Shop moinlenonce 
session will be held this week. Check the 
calendar for delails. 

pm -- Birth Control Center. See Tuesday listing. 
-- Meeting. Discussions on the Baha'i Faith at the Student Center, 

Conference Room. 
Meetinll of the Conditionina Club. Wrestiing Room, UCSD Gym . 
Meeting of the Graduate Student Union Student Organizations Con-

, St udent Center. 
-- NOON CONCERT, Matthews Cafeteria patio. 
-- Seminar. Jimmy Stewart, S.1.0. Diving Officer, will present a color 

on " Underwater Animals Photographed During My Last Visit to 
- Around McMurdo Bay." Sumner Auditorium, Scripps Institute of 

WIl,.L:.,hfl,n for s tudents experiencing !est anxiety which interferes with 
ance. Hedges and Hugh Pates will direct this workshop in the 

selors office. Will meet weekly through final. . 
WORSHIP. Tride:ll Chri stian Fe((owship prayer meeting. Lounge 
room . Student Center. 
pm -- Wl)rkshop: for tudents experiencing high test anxiety. Larry 
Hugh Pates, Ph. D. leallers. Revelle Counselors Office. X3490. 

_. Ath letic [vent. Field hockey team versus Mesa Co((ege Muir Field, 
-- Reception . "Meet Your Provost." Muir College s tudent s are invited 
. n designed to expose them to Provost Pat Ledden' s biting wit. Free 

wi ll be provided . Muir College Provost' s Office. 
inar. Profe sor J . W . Miles wil! conduct a Fluid Mechanic Seminar 
Surface Waves in Closed Basins ." 7104 Urey Hal l. 

Evenl. Badminton tea'll vers u Mesa College. UCSD Gym. 
-- Meeting of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony UCSD Gym . 
UCSD occer C lub practice and game. Everyone welcome. Matt hews 

-- Meeting of the Be((y Dance Club. Recreation Conference Room, 
Gym. 

-- Meeti ng of thc Yoga Club. Adaptive Room, UCSD Gym . 
Meeling of Mecha. orth Conference Room, tudent enter. 
Meeti ng of the Muir Outing Club. APM 2402. 
Meeting of the Triton Wargaming Sociely. Tioga Ha ll Room'> 102 302 902 . ' , " 
Film . Fi lm sponsored by the B .. U. "Angry Voice. of Wall S" H . . . 

\1ect ing of E.A . B., in their office in tudent Organizations, SllIdent 

~ceting o f the Fencing lub. We. t Balcony, UCSDGym. 
-- Organilatinnal Meeting or the C D Rcader' s Theater in the Re"eIlc 

oungc. or all tho\e interested in the spoken word poetry, drama and 

-. Film, "The DNA story": A hislory of the discovery of DNA tructure 
by Ihe partici pants. Mandeville Auditorium. 
Ilecital. UCS D Music Department wi ll sponso r a voice recital kaua ch. 

admi\~ ion fcc. Mandeville Recita l H al l. 
.- Fi h~ Yanomama. A multi-disciplinary s t udy. A joint effort by 

to cip' c. .ut: t~e Yanomama 'ndian population of BraLil and to generalize 
mg\ 10 prOV ide a beller understanding of human history, Mandeville 

1m, The Feast Additional aspects of the social anthropology of the 
Mandeville Auditorium . 

'day, 
Meeting orthe Student Dance Coop . North Balcony, UCSD Gym. 
S pm -.- Career Job Interviews. The Gap Stores. Management pos itions, 

major. Appts, necessary, info at Career Planning & Placement , 41 2 
" Meeting of the B'hai organization . Lounge Conference Room, Student 

.. Meeting of Interns . Student Organizations Conrerence Room, Student 

'- Carnival. The P .E. DepaFtment and Student Organiz ations are spon-
. The carniva l will include dub and organization demonstrations, 
drama pre entations, prizes, mime, food, games, karate demon-
ooth, etc. On the "Hump" in front of the UCSD Gym. 

ommunity Boar~ meeting STUDENT ORGANIZATION CON 
Concert. Edna present s Phi!l Gross in concert. Front Gym Step. 

'- emlnar Dr . Harold Koopowers, Department of Developmental and 
U Irvine, will conduct a marine biology seminar on" ontrol of 

rm .. 307 Vaughn Hall, SIO . 
WOH HIP. Trident Chrsitian Fellowship praycr meeting. Lounge 
roorn, tudent clller. 
;; ~l :minar. cripp Clinic eminar: "Modern oncept of Pain and It s 

. . Ieb Amphithcaler, cripp linic . 
erni n~r held by Dr. Harri ~ G. Grangcr from the Dcpartment of 

and Blophy~ic1>, Univer itv or Mi. . is~ippi M edical enter, Jack on, 

Mi~sissippi on " the Local ontrol of Muscle ' irculation" in 2 100 BSB, Matthews 
ampus. 
2 - 3 pm -- Clinic for individuals desiring information or coun~eling on the use or 

abu se or alcohol. Leaders: Kathy Naive and Hu gh Pates Ph .D. Leader,. Rcvelle 
Counselors Office X3490: 

.3:30. pm -- ~thlet.k Event. Water polo team versu UC Ri ver. ide. UC Ri'Jerside, 
RiverSide, Callforma. 

4 p~ -- Meeting of the Table Tennis Club Tentative ly scheduled for the 
Recreation Conference Room, Recreation Gym. 

4:30pm -- ~eeting of the Gymnastic lub. South Balcony, UC 0 Gym. 
7 pm -- Shde Show sponso rcd by the International Club . "America through 

Japanese Eyes" in the International Center. Everyone welcome. 
7 pm -- Meeting of the Campus Crusade in Wi nzer Commons. Open to all 

s t udents. 
7:39 ~m a~d 10:30 pm -- Film. The Campus Program Board present Stanley Ku~nck s epIc space adventure "200 1 A Space Odyssey" Ticket s are $1.00 and 

available only at the Student Clr. Box. Mandevi ll e AuditoriufTI. 
7:30 pm -- Meeting of the Folk Dance C lub Recreation Conference Room, 

Recreation Gym . 
8 pm -- Conc~rt: The UCSD "1usic Dept. wi(\ spon or the Gospel Choir in 

concert. No admiSSIon fee. Mandeville Recital Hall. 
9 an~ I I pm. -- Concert. Coffee house concert featuring "Sheils and Clark," 

AdmiSS Ion by l1cket only. $1.00 at tlle door or advance tickets at the Muir Resident 
Ha(\s Office. Muir 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. 

Athletic Event -- AII- Cal Soccer Tournament. Santa Cruz California ALL 
DAY EVENT. ' . 

Saturday 
8:30 - 4:30 an~ ~:30 - 8 pm -- Rummage Sale spon~ored by the Junior League, at 

t he Del Mar Exhibit Hall. Proceeds to go to the Jumor League's Community Trust 
Fund. 

lOam - 4 pm -- Family Fitness Day at Mesa Campus, 7250 Mesa College Drive. 
10 am -- Meetin~ of the Karate Club. UCSD Gym. 
10 am -- Meehng of the National Association of Art Museums. Topic for 

discussion will be "Conceptual - Performance Art and its Relationship to the 
G a (\ery." There will also be short talks by Newton Harrison, Elanor Antin and 
David Ross , followed by panel discussio n moderated by Maira Roth. Mandeville 
Reception Room . 

Noon -- Meeting of the Triton Wargaming Society. Tioga Hall , Rooms 102,302, 
502, 702, 902. 

4 pm -- Picnic. Picnic for Fourth Co(\ege. Resident Student s. On the Fourth 
College Commons Law. . 

7:30 & II pm -- Film. The Campus Program Board will sponsor" Moth er and the 
Whore": a look at modern sex ual feelings through a clo I' look at the li ves or three 
"children of the 60's" in Pari s. Directed by Jean Eustache sta rring Francois 
Lebrun, Bernadette Lafont, and J ean- Pierre Leaud . ' 

8 pm -- Film. Felix Greene's "Tanzania - Zambia Railway ." H umanilie Library 
Auditorium. Free. 

8 pm -- Film titled " Freedom Railway" by Felix Green e abo ut the Tan-Zam 
Railway which the Chinese helped build in Africa. HL Audito rium . 

10 pm -- Harbor Cruise. Third College is sponsoring a harbor cruise. The boat 
the "Marietta", starts boarding at the root of Broadway, at 9: 15 P .M. The band 
"Devotion" will play . Ticket s are $2 and may be purchased at the Third College 
Resident Dean's Office. 

T . B.A. Athletic Event. All -Cal Soccer To urnament. Santa Cruz California . 

Sunday 
10:30 am -- Worship. Catholic student', Ma s. orth Conference R 00l11, 

5t udent Cenler. 
3 pill -- Meeting of t he hess lub . Lounge Con ference Room, tLldent Centl'r . 
7 pm -- ,MceUng o f UC 0 bridge pl~yer for the purp sc of playing bridge. 

Revellc Caletena. . 
7:30 pill -- Meeting of individual inte rested in receiving brid ge !e\\OIl\. Revelle 

afcleria. 
Worllhip at Il i\ 'er~i t )-Colllmun it y hurch, 9595 La J olla Shorc'> Dr ..• ll 

Torrey Pines Rd .: 
:30 a. m . and 5:00 p.m. - Roman atho lic 

10:00 a.m . - Lutheran 
II :30 a.lI1. Epbcopal ( ote new time) 
6:00 p.lll. - Lulheran, Episcopal and Roman atholic groups have dinncr al Formal 
Lounge, follo\\ed by review of book, .. LIn, Witch and Playmate: The 

mericuniLa tioll of ex,' led by Father Bernie Campbell al 7:00 p .m. Come to 
either or both, R VP 4S~-2521. 

T oday's photography is by Joel c. Don. ubmit 
yours at the TT office by Thursday. Winners get $3. 



Pale six • rh ... tlllll'8 . Monday, October 20,1975 
Another View 

'Boy, Dog': Simplified, Accessible Ellison 
by Ala. Russell 

a.d Mark Stadler 

When Harlan Ellison writes, 
the world takes notice. or at 
least they should. His stories 
seethe WIth emotionalism and 
imagination, and never were the 
two so well put together as in his 
1969 award winning novella, 
"A Boy And His Dog." 

Can such an epic of 
speculative fiction be trans-
ferred onto speech? It already 
has been and is now playing at 
Pacific Cinerama Theatre. 

Ellison. vacationing in 

UC San Diego's own popular linging duo Shiell (rigllt) and 
Clark will perform in'the Muir Five & Dime Friday, at 9 and 11 
pm . 

They perform only origi_1 1I.lic, lome of which hal 
already been published, and they are rullored to have a 
record contract pending. Tickets COlt one dollar and are 
available at the UCSD bOI office. 

England. was unable to give 
comment on the movie. but Ed 
Bryant. friend and fellow 
writer, sa id that Ellison ex-
pressed sati sfact ion at the 
screen adaptation and thought 
it was better than most book to 
movie translations. 

L. Q. Jones. writer and 
director of "this rather kinky 
tale of survival." has spent the 
better part of the last five years 
writing, financing and directing 
this labor of love. 

LJ Orchestra: Good, Wh.en Wound Up 
by Daniel Shawler 

Arts Editor 

The La Jolla Chamber Orchestra opened their 
~eason last Friday evening with Peter Eros at the 
baton and Grant Johannesen at the piano . The 
concert got off to a bad tan. but it right ed itself 
and the second half of the concert was 
s urprisingly good. 

In an unusual bit of programming. the concert 
was opened with the guest artist. Johanne en. at 
the piano for Bach 's "Concerto No. 5 in F 
minor." Although it was composed for the 
harosichord . the concerto is often performed on 
the piano. and has been erroneously listed as a 
piano concerto many times. 

Friday night the concerto began all right but it 
quickly fell apart when Johannesen became too 
relaxed at the piano and began to get sloppy. 

The second movemem of the concerto con-
tain one of the most beautiful melodies ever 
Millen. Bach him elf u ed it three times. and it 
bears a light resemblance to an old Beatles' 
ong. Johannesen played it well (not spec-

tac ul a rl y) except for short pa sages in which his 
hands became discoordinated . 

The orchestra provided no uppon at all. In 
fact. the difficult piaicato parts were so poorly 
done that they were heavily distrac ting from the 
melody. 

The ame ort of di~order was felt during the 
Pre~to of the concerto. Once aga in. Johannesen 
played well. but the orche~tra hindered more 
than it helped . The one outsta nding feature of 
the movement was ro~' choice of a brbk tempo. 

not at all ponderous in the way many conductors 
perform it. 

The entire '''Mercury' Symphony" by Joseph 
Haydn was incohesive and rough. especially in 
the econd violins. In the fast step-wise passages, 
they eemed unable to get together and the result 
sounded like a bluegrass fiddle festival. 

As Ihe only modern compo ition in a program 
of classical and baroque work , the Stravinsky 
"Danses Consertantes" was completely out of 
place. But the orchestra redeemed the 
mi ~programming by turning in a brilliant per-
formance . During the piece. the parts that were 
so bad in the two previous pieces turned out to be 
superb. The pizzicati sparkled. the scales were 

lO~ether and the abstract quality of Stravinsky 
shilled forth. 

The Mozart " Piano Concerto No . 24 in C 
minor" was al so good . The first movement 
moved along in a technically good performance 
until it reached the piano cadenza. 

Here. Johannesen lifted the audience off its 
collective duff with a revolution of notes that Icft 
t he crowd gasping. Then the orchestra and piano 
combined to play the Larghello the way it wa 
intended; full of emotion that left no member of 
the audience untouched. Although the third 
movement was excellentlv done. it was not 
comparable to the previous two. 

Throughout the entire concert. co nductor 
Pcter Eros was magnificent in his control of the 
o rchcstra . Indeed, La Jolla sho uld be proud to 
have Eros as musie conductor of it s orchestra 
and ~hould look forward to mo re good concerts 
as the year progre ses. 

And did a hell of a job. 
His respect for the original 

novella is evidenced by the fact 
that much of Ellison's story 
dialogue, and plot. remained 
intact. Jones' makes "A Boy 
And His Dog" a rich movie. 
full of vivid images pointing out 
the contrasts inherent in 
Ellison's future world. ex-
panding on the concepts and 
usually making the new material 
blend well with the original 
story . 

The year. the ads sav. is 2024. 
Earth has been decimated by a 
nuclear war. leaving the ravaged 
surface world to those strong 
enough to survive. The " decent 
Lion's Club" type people have 
fled to underground societies 
called "downunders." 

"A Boy And His Dog" is the 
story of confrontation between 
those two societies. The Boy. 
Vic. or Albert (Peyson Terhune) 
as the Dog, Blood. calls him, 
fight for survival as "solos" in 
a world dominated by gangs. 

They work well together. for 
Blood teaches Vic history. 
reading .... a nd sniffs out women 
for him. 

Women are very scarce in the 
surface world; the war killed 
most off. and many others then 
opted for the downunders. The 
women that are left have 
beco me the ultimate sex objects-
-to be raped and forgollen . 

Vic and Blood 's problems 
begin after Blood sniffs out one 
particu lar Quilla June Holmes. 
a young woman from a 
downunder called Topeka who 
consequent ly tries to lure Vic 
a way from the surface world. 
and Blood. She doesn't tell him. 
but the downunders need a 
stud. as most of their men are 
impotent. Her trickery and 
presence result in a rather 
strange love triangle. with Vic in 
the middle of Quilla June and 
Blood . 

Thi s confrontation. the 
contrast between two starkly 
different ways of life. is em-
phasized by director Jones. In 
fact. it is emphasized to the 
point of over-simplifying a 
fairly complex slOry. 

In the original story Topeka 
had a human quality that Jones. 
in his quest for contrast. left 
Oul. The Topeka Jones por-
trays is merel y a grotesque 
parody of Middle America. 

Also. Quilla June Holmes in 
the movie is a scheming bitch 

who is willing to anything in her 
s inl'leminded quest for POwer 
Elhson's Quilla June seemed 
much more human, and 
thought she truly loved Vic. 

But by simplifying the story 
Jones may have made it easier 
for moviegoers not used to 
Ellison. or speculative ficti on. 
to understand. 

The oversimolification made 
obvious the con frontation of 
values. Vic had grown up 1n a 
vio lent world where surVival is 
everything. and for him, in 
dividualism all important -

Downunders. oh the oth 
hand. provided everything f 
their resident. as long as the, 
tranquilly accepted the way 
society was run. Ind ividualism 
was not tolerated ; in fact it 
meant death . 

The movie. and the story. 
leave individuals with this 
question: "What kind of true 
love is there?" 

Ellison answered this in his 
novella with an immortal phrase 
for a ll science fiction devotees: 
"A boy loves his dog." 

Therein the movie lies . 
We hope that "A Boy And 

His Dog" will open up the film 
world to Harlan Ellison. and 
provide a rebirth (beginning1) 
of good science fiction movies. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

CARPOOt.ERS-·Revelle students who f Illed 
out the commuter com puler forms~the 
results ore in the Revelle community 
cenler . 

PhilipinosiPhilipirias : In.erested in low 
school? Call Lloyd a' X2519 or 481·9314. 

5tuden ts~Science 48, Winter Quarter 1975 

rhose of you who signed .he Science 4B. 
N inter Quarter, 1975 petition, regord,no 
he conduC1 of 4B by Prof. Kei lh Brueckn ... 
'\'loy ob.oin a copy of .he Brueckn .. 
:ommil1ee Repor' from Ihe Ollice of .he 
lice.Chancellar-Acad em It Affa ir!. 
luitdong 105 Me. 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone a83-L1FE 24 hrs 

Free coWlSeling, study roof\! 
and speakers 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
ItOUSiNG 

JOin the fun . PT , loma TenniS Club con-
domIniums 1 & 2 Bdrm $23.900.$32.900. 
Pool l tOCUZZl, saunas, elltercise rms, 4 lit 
tenntS courts, security guards. Key Realty 
222·0464 or 224-0667 (10131 ) 

4th College Jr needs F roommofe for Lo 
Jolla Vol loge Apts. $87 .50 mo. 453-6435 
(101 22 ) 

F needs F 10 room W In P B $75.00 mo .. 
each non-smoker, nOI rowdy and fOlrly 
studiOUS call Ronnl 44?-<r767 (1 0122) 

live 01 Ihe BEACH N ere It's cool and 
qUiet. 19 2 BR fU In. opt. overlooking 
Moonil le Beach In :nClnllos. Ideal for 3 
students · $75 per m , ach COOSI Cruiser 
Serv ice 441 Fourlh S Clnllos or call 223-
9866. (10124) 
Roommate wonted 11 3 !d~ 10."1",," 0" 
sou.h SIde of 0 B 30 yds '0 clIffs. own 
room $85.00 p lus 13. utol,hes 223-7539 
(10120) 

I 
Hausemafe won led own room In Gene 
Hghlnds 87 SOl ma pre r neo' easy gOing 
'vpe Call 453-9377 • ve i l wknd. (10/ 20) 

Sony receiver , 45 wts rm! p co plus 2 Ig 
Son\ul spks 12" woof, 5 d,,'¥ers 3 way . 
new $820. ask 350 453 ·5298 (10120) 

68 Ponllac La Mons SpOrl coupe excellent 
cond new po,nt $925 ( all any lome 462 
9194 . 461 8510 (10 20) 

Plymouth Fury 67 0 cylinders 4 doors runs 
beauhfully Kom 453-9277 or . -2504 (10120) 

For Sole : 3/ 4" Mon's full wet SUit very good 
condo size MS-M call 74S-1290. Ron if not 
home tea.e ph. , (10/ 20) 

Ticke.s lor Ehon John lA concerl Call Jon a. 
453-9518. (10120 ) 

EMC S300 amp. 123 Wal1. RMS. equatlZer 
plus 2R" spkrs. new $600. well $290 les 
Paul copy w l ease $150 call Mon.y 461 · 
1699 (1 0120 ) 

Cossets JVC CD 1668 Akal C533D.Dolby 
brand new unused call Dove evenings 453-
9349 dealers ca51 (10/ 22 ) 

Calculatars.HP21-$11 8. HP22·$155. HP25-
5182 SRSOA-$91. SR51A-$140. 5 Day 
delivery Send price plus 6 percent 'ox 
(prel maneyorder) to Cheap Calculo 'or 
C, 634 4.n 5 •. OoVIS . CA 95616 questions 
call 800-952·5252. (11126 ) 

AmaZing 1975 Hondo CB400F (4 cyts) With 
tu51 500 m,les-only $1399 For a deal call 
Scan-453-5036 (10/ 31) 
6'6" surfboard shaped by Sunset. Great 
cond,Ioon. $40. Call Robert 453-6275 or 
Bonnie 452-3290. (10122) 

3 hckets '0 Ehon John cancerl lA Dodger 
S.odlum Qc. 25 sell a. cost $1 0 all< for Pam 
453-7614 (10/ 22) 

1970 Kowosakl 500 excellent condlhon 
many new port. $500 481 -0328. (10120) 

Yamaha 250RD. 1974 E.celtent condi tion. 
high wpg Extroshelmets, cover fearing! 
5795 Or ? 453-2438 (10/20) 

Need e •• ra cosh? Paying 'op dollar for your 
U.S. Silver COins m inted before 1965. Ken 
453-7924. (11 126) 
Wonl 10 Irode 2 Sun Elton John cancer! 
lickets for 2 SOl. If in.erested Call 453.8710 
Ask lor Colhy 0 (10/ 20) 
job opening: 86700 programmer to write 
air pollution dota manipulation programs 
Barb Elku •• 2572 (10124) 
Wanted sacrifiCia l virgin for Sot. Oct 25. 
Coli David at 452-8268 (Eve •. ) (10122) 

• SERVICES 
Tune ups, brakes minor repa ir, oil chonge, 
etc. Mike 488-0873 (10122) 
FtUTE tESSONS - Classical in,'ruc',on by 
a.perlenced flUhSf • beginners as well as 
advanced studenls welcome. De ..... lop 
tone, techntque & muslcol ,nlerpretotion. 
Colt leonard Fenton 01452-9206 (10120) 
Are you odop.ed? Seek Ing natural 
paren .. ? 232-6510 or P.O 33272 SO 92103 
(10131) 
Work.snops TBA '" old moSier preparations 
& 'echnlques DraWing po .. el . oils. "dl hie 
&!.fe BIll 436 0709 ( Il l S) 

People movers Mo'¥,ng adVice cnd 
o ..... anco Very reasonable Call Jeff 272-
3078 (11/26) 
rHE WOOD DOVE • A gourmet Naturat 
Foods Restourant, recently opened In 
Solano Beach. 150 A caCia (Ne.t 10 Another 
Bird) Open 11 · 11 Dinner from 5-10 
SpeCial oller FruII Smoothle. 45 cent. Oct 
15 No. 15 1.1755 5810. 

Typlng-Marityn woutd like 10 type your 
poper. theSiS , book . ElI.per ienced , 
reasonable, fast and nos correcti ng IBM 
Call 565-7060 (10122) 

Tennis lessons-student role. 10 S7.50l hr 
S.eve Bossett USPTA 459-3755 (10120) 

Blues harmonica lessons 272-8532 (10/ 20) 

FARE FOR YOUR AFFAIR 
Beaut i ful Delicacies 
Cuslom prepared to 
your .as.e and budge. 

Specializing in 
wedd ings. tuncheons. 

cocktad part ies, 
gourmet picnics 

CREATIVE CATERING 
Kathleen 
233-915B 

(10/ 20) 

Do you really feel like s,",ng up .onigh. '0 
gel .hot poper .yped thai was due los. 
week? let me do It -call Sher 279-1418 
Clo"emont. (11126) 

Collegiate research aids-thousands on fde . 
Send 51 for your 160 poge mall order 
( a'atag. Research ASSistance. 11322 Idaho 
Ave N206 los Ange les CA 90025 213.477. 
8474 (lf1 9) 

TR.4vd 

3SW Tro .... el Office ~ on campUI • char'.r 
Ihght. - Xmas NY $209 • In.1 Siudent 10 
Moza.tan . $139 . etc UCSO In •• rnotiono l 
Center. 452-0630 11 om-4 pm Mon. Wed. 
F" onty (10124) 

PERSONAl 
Morro-Brion has 26 poirs of white sock. 
Allyson (tOI20) 

Dan : Happy 19.h. We love you. Onty " 
more days unlit Breckenridge. Keep i. up 
kid. A.M. l. of America. (10/ 20) 

Oct. 22 Mully's legal guysl Give her a big 
kiss and wish her a happy dayl Happy 18th 
Coratinel (tOI 20) 

lOST & fOUNd 
lOST AND FOUND 

l051.black wallel. if found turn in to " 
offICe lost belween Revelle and MUir 
(10120) 

tall my wallet again around to· I5. Pie .... 
relur" somewhere or coli me, I need rny 
cords in i.1 (10120) 

lost I f inger cymble brass mode in IndiO 
please call .2671 or 453-7705. A.k for 
Kathie .hank you (10120) 

To person who OIole my topedeck & CI 
radio I Wil l swap your JC Penny' 
screwd"ver wI.h pnn's 436-2293 (t0120) 

Lost gold rimmed glosses In brown metol 
pocket case 01 IU1 IK:. Call 452·92)1 
(10120 ) 

lOll ' Ti calcula.or Revelle 10' 10112 
REWARDI 453·9666 (10120) 

lo •• block b"efcase in Mandevttle ,enllr 
oud,lo"um reword coli 755-4463 (10/ 20) 

Monday, October 20, 1975 

Intramural Football . 

b)' Seo .. WI 
StaffWrt .. 

What but that wonderful 
American sport of football can 
induce the fleet and dexterous 
to en.a,e in sometimes 
graceful, sometimes brutal 
physical competition with the 
stout and robust? 

Be it the need to escape into 
battle from a normally letharlic 

life. to partake in communal 
st runk! for a shared loal in our 
democrat ic society, or to 
display individual talents that 
tr.anscend the conformity Ihat 
binds. us all, this unique 
American same has whal it 
takes to draw young men into 
anatomical action . 

And the intramurals here at 
UCSD serve as a showcase for 

.,. ,.. 
aeudill9 ,. A.M. Radi.'l 

ON SAlE SolUTioN!! 

SONY 
FERRi-CIlROM 

C-60 LA JollA Music 
1128 WAll 

4~9-JJ7~ 
BROUGhT TO you by SUPERSCOPE! 

Representative 
UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 

to be on campus 
TUESDA Y, OCTOBER 28 

Graduale study information - all fields of 
Letters. Arls & Sciences 

Special emphasis on Ihe sciences 
Contocl Career Planning & Plocemenl 

2ttliINiS .. 
d ./' Headed for northern a. " California (or L.A.. Burbank Long Beach 

. _____ w~-........ Ontario)? Call your campus rep or PSA and ' 
tell them you wanl to buzz off. PSA gives you a lift . 

1975 NATIONAL 
BOOK AWARD WINNER 

ttHarrowing, 
wlite-knuckled 

I" suspense. - TIME 
3 kilos of pure heroin 
from war·torn Vietnam 
... 3 burnt·out people 
in drug·torn California 
... make an explosive 
connection on a head· 
long chase through the 
dark side of America 
in the S1vage 70·s. 

t,werkof.t!" 
-IIOSTON GLOBE 

.... "'1y$1.95wher.v.r 
",...cks are 5014 

® lallilitili' IHIls 

Page seve" 

Sports Notebook 
our newest national past-time 

'Twas a low gray autumnal 
sky that hung over the clever 
fluid Seipps Semen and a~ 
aggressive. belligerent group of 
Punks. as they met on the grass \ 
grid iron last Friday afternoon 
10 re-kindle the flames of 
competition first set ablaze in 
last season's 1M championship 
football finals . 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports editer 

On that sloping. cally-corner 
placed abnormity known as the 
Matthews campus field the deft ball-~andling of the' Scripps' 
cont.",!gent. both in slinging and 
receIVIng. propelled them to a 
18-0 rout over Ihe luckless 
Punks. 

From the outset of combat it 
seemed that the scantily-clad 
Semen were going to be difficult 
to defeat. Stripped of all but the 
most necessary garments 
exposing the cranial. facial and 
bodily hair that proves football 
is an indulgence undertaken not 
only by young boys, Scripps 
passed their way to a tOUCh-
down on their initial possession 
of the football. 

The pin-point passes of 
accurate-armed Charlie 
Johnson to his adroit wide 
receivers. Larry Ritchie and 
Joel Flor. were literally un-
stoppable. When Flor made a 
splendid diving catch in the far 
reaches of the Punks' endzone 
1nd arrogantly called to all who 
would listen. "Piece of cake' 
Piece of cake!" this viewing 
laym!ln had .to agree wit h envy. 
that Indeed II had looked quite 
easy. 

And when the elusive 
Johnson threw a 30 yard 
desperation pa s that the 
surehanded Ritchie somehow 
managed to grasp from in 
between a host of frustrated 
defenders on the last play of the 
first half, it was obvious that 
Scripps. with talent and good 
fortune on their s ide. would not 
be beaten . 

$emen quarterback set to pass 
(n photo: Paul Jarvis) . 

After intermission the Punk s. 
led by nimble-footed Dick 
Duncan, tried to regroup their 
forces and mount a comeback 
offensive. Bl1t. alas. their ef-
forts were fruitless. Time and 
again the Semen. with their 
seemingly instinctive knack for 
locating themse lves in the patt-
of the flying football. either 
deflected or intercepted (he 
Punks' futile passes. 

Continued on Page 8 

The Weekly PJea 
Some get 'em. some don·t .... 
A lot of the intercollegiate 

teams at UC San Diego have no 
problem acquiring players to fill 
their rosters. Rugby. for in-
stance. will probably never have 
a shortage. Other teams aren't 
as lucky enough, and seemingly 
are always needing people. Last 
week it was women's field 
hockey coach Ann Deitle who 
p~t out the call for another 
player or two. This week's plea 
is courtesy of wrestling coach 
Pat P inkerton: 

Olympian -Triton Olajide 
Shokumbi (n Photo: Nathan 
Meyers) . 

II ' " What we :eal\y need," Pinkerton says. gelling down to basics. 
IS some bodies. We'd prefer them with experience but we'lItake 

,,:,hat we can gel." The team is scheduled for only tournaments no 
s lI1gle matches, ,ror the year. with the first one scheduled ' for 

~ovemb~r 22 . HIS te~m near extinction. Pinkerton needs wrestlers 
III all weight c.ategon~s- soo~. Anyone interested can run over to 
t he Intercollegiate Office for tnformation ... 

The early. season rumors were correct- Vice Chancellor of 
Stud~nt Affairs George Murphy found some extra money. and has 
se.nt II over to the P.E . Department. According to UCS D Athlet ic 
Director J~dy S\\:eet. the extra money will affect so me of the tea ms 
who weren ! PUtlnlO the budget las t spring, namely Rugby II , men 
a nd women s club soccer, the ski team . a nd JV basketball. 

When Title 9. guidelines were put into effect la t spring, those 
teams. along wuh some others. were cut off. mainly to use the 
money to upgrade the women' sport. The team will still not be 
fully funded. but. will get. money for officiating. en try fee. a nd 
non-personal eqUipment (like the use of ba ketball s). Partici pants 
111 the clu~ . sports who are n.ot t.udem.s ( taff, faculty, alumni. and 
olher.> afflhatedwuh the Umvers llY) WIll have to pay. while stude nts 
won·t. as the new money comes from regi tration fees. 

No team can be added for this year. but weet say tha t if 
enough student s are interested . new teams can poss ibly go on next 
year's budget. "We won't dilut e our pre ent teams any more than 
they are now . Money is tight fo r next year. but if students are 
interested in new team for 1976. now is the time for them to ta lk to 
me about it. " .... 

To my k~owledge. Olajide Shokumbi has ju t become the fir t 
past OlympIC performer to ever play for UCSD. Shokumbi is a 
~ tarter on th e Trito.n ~ccer 9uad,. and the Nigerian native played 
III the 1968 OlympIC 111 MeXICO City for the Africa n cou ntry. He 
t ran ferred to UCSD from EI Camino College but ay that he 
isn't in shape for soccer now. • 

" I haven'( played in five years." Shokumbi said "1t'1l take a 
whi le to play myself into shape ." The Triton socc~r coach Rod 
Geiger is impressed with hokumbi' kills. "He ' certainly got all 
the talent," Geiger sa id .... 

Don·t. forget the . Sport> Qui l in Wednesday' s Triton Times • 
along with the offiCial rules. The lucky winner will get two tickets 
lo r the November 14 game between the ails and the ew York 

et s, featuring Julius Erving .... 
Remember the .an Diego Lobo? They were the women' 

football squad which started last summer. arrow fully, their 
~ea~o n ended early. as theIr flllal game. cheduled for last Saturday 
agaln~t Toledo. wa cancelled . The reason given for the ca n-
cellation w.as that there wa a dispute over which team was to pay 
the travellll1g expense from Ohio. So. they ju t called off the 
game. 

An As ociated Pre release on the Lobo aid that I 'Ia (team) 
spokesman said the team will be recognized next year. He did not 
elaborate." ... 

J 



Page eight 

T rna out from Me a Match 
Trito Vollevball Downs Palomar 

By Paul Wagre 
Staff Write 

In what ould 0 I~ be a 
complete turnaround ~'rom their 
la t match, the women' 
olleyball team \\ l pI away 

Palomar College Wedne. day, 
\5-5,15-2. 

The team tarted out making 
orne of I he arne mental error 

that led to their 15-13, \5-10 
defeat to Me a la t Monday, 
but oon got together a Andrea 
Beylan cored on four traight 
erve to put the Tritons ahead 

for g<)od. 
The pa ing, euing and 

pii-e \ ere harp and ac urate 
a the women picked apart the 
Palomar defen e, but the point 
were not ea ily won. There were 
e eral long rallie a both 

team di played kill in han-
dling particularly difficult 
shot. 

Ithough the offen e played 
well, it wa the defense and 
teamwork of the women that 
won the match. 

In the fir t game, some of the 
mi take till howed until mid-
game; then, the improvement in 
play wa unmi takable. Passes 
were preci e and cuing wa 
excellent a the women played 
a a team and not by themselve 
a they had previously. 

Although the outcome of the 
second game would normally 
indicate a rout, the player had 
to fight for the point they made 
a Palomar played a tingy 
defen e. 

A in the first game, it was 
Andrea Beylan who put the 
game out of reach with even 
con ecutive core during her 

A Triton shot is blocked by a Palomar player in action last 
Wednesday (TT photo: Paul Jarvis). 

serve. 

play, coach Millenbah aid. 
" The girls finally woke up after 
jet lag," referring to hi team' 
appearance at the All-Cal 
tournament at UC Davis last 

At one point during the 
econd game, the Palomar 

coach was heard to say "I'm 
, embarrassed" -- it was evfdent I t I 

that the Triton were g~)ing to n ram u ra s ... 
run all over the team . Midway through the final 

After the team had ama sed a hal f of thi mercile s disposal of 
\3 - \ lead in the second game, their oppo ition , Scipps put on 
coach Chuck Millenbah began a one la t os tentatiou 
to substitute his player freely. exhibition of the ball-handling 
At this point, pIa became more artistry, that led to their final 
lax and not 0 precise a both tally. From John on, laterally 
teams made technical and across the field to Flor , then 40 
mental mistakes. vards through the air to ~he 

Commenting on hi s team 's outstretched arms of the raclOg 
Fourt h Co llege Reporter 

weekend. 
The consensu about the AII-
al wa , "that even though we 

didn't do great, we all had a 
good time." 

Ritchie, the football travelled, 
only to be halted by arry's 
inter ection with the sideline 
four yard from the endzone. 

And with rna terful ease 
Johnson flipped to Ritchie to 
culminate the drive, Scripps' 
scoring, and, in essence, the 
football game. 

College to Sponsor Dances, Lectures 
by Alan Ru sell 

taff W ri ter 
November 3 ane! they co t $2.75 
per person. 

The two-hour crui e will start 
The enthusia m that marked from San Diego Bay at 8 p m 

Fourth College's fir t year of on Friday, November 14th. A 
social activities is still going band will play and refreshments 
strong in its second year. will be served. 

The harbor crui . e. one of last Tentative plan have set 
year. big succe ses, wi ll aga in November IS a another 
take place thi~ fall. limited "social" night. A Fourth first 

numberoft ic i- et~\\'illgoonsa lc will be a cience Fiction Film 
----

Prop K ... 
progra m. The ity ouncil 
placed the propo.,ition on the 
ballot, deciding that the Fire 
Department ,>hould handle the 
paramedic operation. 

Th e San Diego ou nt y 
Taxpayer',> A,,'>ociation opposes 
the propo.,il ion becau~e th ey 
leel thaI t he pi oposed 
paramedic \er Ii e doesn'l 
juslify the ta. increa'>e. 

ccording to Ilqmbel Craig 
Lec, "The CO'>I () . an ambulance 

i~ $: 4.59; wilh a 

air you had to g ~) ~II the way to 
·1 he Gu l I' St '\I lon," said 

'\)Iman, "and f !'ou needed a 
nat I i\cd, you Imd to go all the 
\'a~ to La J ella, and thaI'" 
halu to do on anal tirc." 

1111.' ni~e ,hop wa, h<lm-
I'cred al fiN \\ith ploblel1l~ 
lai illl! ("pital 101 IllH:ll«HY 
and \,ith ucnera l ignorance 01 
it, ·\i Icncc. 1 hc'>e problem, 
Cl'lll til h.I\<C been tHcn:Oll1C, 
,lid ( ,Iman. 

~e" Localiun 
rIll: bii-e ~h \)p hopc, to open 

a I1C\\ lacilitv ill the ne\\ 
'Iudent (cnle l ihi, 1\ inter . I he 

paramediC ~erv lce it wi ll co l 
$300.00. We haven't seen any 
hard data that wou ld justify thi s 
increa c." 

Paramedics are the only 
people besides doctors allowed 
by law 10 administer emergency 
trea tment to a victim before he 
reache\ t he hospital. 

Lm ngcles ounty has had 
paramedic unit s since 1964. 
The concept of paramedic 
origi naled in thc R, which 
e .. tab lished ,>uc h unit'> in 1964. 

lIe\\. facility would co ntain 
re pair and selling areas and 
provide th e same sen'ices as 
I he pre~e nt .,hop . 

I he 0 Bii- e lub 
llr!.!ani/e'o bike I ide .. to vario u,> 
'pOLO, ncar C ·D. typical 
I ide In\t' for about 10 mile., 
1'1)1 111)\ ice~ and about 50 mil ., 
1m 1110le dedicated (·eli' I'>. 
(ilih ll1elllner, meet each 
'-"Itlilua at lOa 111 in Iiont 01 
IIlL hi~e ,hop and arc open to 
,11l\Olle. 

1 ht' dub hope, to orgal1i/e 
all \l\cf night mlc later in the 
qual tcr. 

Festival , which has five 
scheduled movies. 

Another eve nt on the 
November agenda is a .. fifties 
dance," the first in a eries of 
Fourth College dances that will 
trace tht! history of rock mu ic. 
II will be held in Matthews 
cafeteria. 

Weekly Lecture 
The college i also trying to 

organize a contin uous serie of 
weekly lecture t"at will be of 
interest to Fourth tudents. 

As final details for many 
event have not yet been worked 
out, times and dates remain 
tentative. To keep in touch with 
Fourth ollege activities, check 
the Triton Times "What's On " 
calenda r every Monday for 
current information on most 
Fourth events. 

Recreatiun Center 
Fourt h st uden!. look i ng for 

daily entertainment need go no 
further than the new recr at ion 
center located in 711 M behind 
Behring Hall. In it are uch 
items as a co lor televi. ion a 
pi an ,a ewing machine, a ping 
pong table, and a pool table and 
pinball machine on order. The 
lou nge;" open from 8 am to II 
pill and the "gaming ro ms" 
arc open weekdays 7 10 11 PIT' 
and weei-end .. 1 to 6 p .m. 
. tudent .... \\.ho wi~h to get 
IIHolved ,,"h urth' ., a li\ itie\ 
,hould atte nd the Fourth 
(olle'c Program Board, \ ... hich 
meel .. on lue day., al II : 0 in 
thc , 1atthc\\\ rccrea ti ( n center 
at711 MC 

Coml11uter ..,t u'dent .. , who 
co n'> titlil e ovel two-third .. of the 
"tudent body, arc e pecially 
urged to attcnd . 

Monday, October 20, 1975 

-------,------
S3~,500,OOO 

UICLAIMED SCHOLARSHIPS 

I 
I 
I 

r 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Over $33,500,000 unclaimed scholarships, grants, aids, and I 
fellowships ranalng from $50 to $10,000. Current list of these 
Solurces researched and compiled as of Se!)tember 5, 1975. I 
UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHIPS 
369 Allen Avenue, Portland, MaiM 04103 I 
o I am enclosina $12.95 plus $1.00 for postage and handling. 
(Check or money order - no cash, please.) 

I II you w,sh 10 UU! you, chl'le c.,d , I ple l 5. "II oul Ipp, oprllte bOKes below : 
I 0 I,!--__ . __ !IO PLEASE RUSH YOU R I "" iJ CUrtRENT LIST OF 
I E&o"aUon Dllel~===::::!1 UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHIPS I Mon''' / Vu' . _ Mu' e r Charge SOU RCES TO: 

In'e rbank No I 
I Crad,' I C"1 No L-. _______ -' I :::55 ........... :: ... :::: :: ... :.... ... .... ......... I 
LCity . State _ZiP_ "~ Meine residents pluse add 5% sales ux. 

-----------l!M!~] 
@~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~m @~ 
D·Ini~Iffi~~lf anffil~ dnA DOl1~lI/!l!:~r~ 

®In 

YouR... CHOICE. a; A SP.46AETT I 
t> t kJ~E.~ OR J.\ i\ M~UR.6e:12. + FlZ.IES 
FOR. q4. INc.WDrNG i\ &'UEf,K:L 

"The 
First Casualtyll 

by Phillip Knightley 

• 

11£ fiRST 
-J.~l!Y 
I lIP 

Il£Y 

UnlVfRSIT'( 

A magnificent 
document, long 
overdue, that tells 
the full story of the 
War Correspondent 
from Crimea 10 Vie tnam . 

A must book for • 
lournal,sts, historians 
and anyone interested In 
how the truth became 

The First Casualty ... 

12.95 Cloth Oound only 

Available at your 
University Oool~store 

Mathews Campus Oldg 201 
452-3844 


