
Overseers Gathering is Scene 

Grads D~mand Saxon Meeting 
by Richard Yep have " 

IT photo: Denise 
lvfembers of the Graduate Student Union marching to Matthews 

dun'ng the Wednesday afternoon demonstralions. 

UC Worried 

Students in Bargaining 
hy Maura Dolan 

Sacramento Correspondent 
- tudent groups-this week won their long battle to include student 

partiCipatIOn provisions In major collective bargaining legislation . 
Two collective bargaining bills, by Assemblyman Julian Dixon (0-

Los Angeles) and Sen . George Moscone CD-San Francisco) passed 
out of committees this week with am ndments to permit non-voting 
student representatives to participate in labor negotiations at 
California's public colleges . 

Th UC Student Lobby and the legislative advocates for the state 
university and community college student wrote and submitted the 
amendments . 

Moscone's bill would set up co llective bargaining for state school 
employes Dixon's bill , like the Dills-Berman bill that awaits ap-
prova l by the Senate Finance Committee, would permit all public 
employes , including UC faculty, to bargain collectively for salarie5, 
working :,ours and working conditions . 

Profound Impact 
UC Student Lobbyist Beth Labson told the Assembly Committee 

on Public Employees and Retirement that collective bargaining at 
the Univer ity woulQ have a "profound impact on students ." 

"W ' rE' not just being paronoid," Labson said. "The scope of 
bargaining (under the legislation) I left so wide that anything 
relating to c lass size, student fees , faculty contact hours and 
evaluation of tea hing would be subject to negotiation." 

he aid that faculty in a New York state university took a lower 
pay In rea e In return for the administration's promise to abolish 
teacher valuation program dUring a collective bargaining ession 
In which no tudent was present 

At John Hopkins University, sh said, faculty r duced th ir offic 
hours to two a week during labor negotiation that didn ' t include a 
student representative to prote t. 

Martin Morgenstern, the state organizer for the California State 
f:mploye As ociatlon, which encompa e faculty as well as oth r 
state employes, aid the student amendment wa " lust a way of 
keeping students from partiCipating fully In n gotlations" 

" Ince they can't vote," he aid, " thE'Y won't have ~ny final say on 
contract provi Ions and that's the way it should be " 

Worried Enough 
evertheles , UC faculty and th UniverSity administration are 

worned >nough about the tudent amendment to try to amend 
's tudents out of the bill Although nelth r has yet taken any such 
action, both have warned that they w re preparing for It. 

Prot s~or AleXlf> Maradudan , Academl oun II Chairman, ,aid 
that ~tud('nts who participate In collective bargaining at the 
Un lver~lty of Colorado gE'nE'rall Sid With the managem nt , but 
,aid that wa not the rea on for the faculty ' oppo Itlon 

' WE' would be negotiating faculty alane and working ondltlon 
eluTing a bargaining e slon," h aid, "and that wouldn t affect 
educational POliCY and wouldn t r qUir tudent participation ' 

Unlver"ty legl latlve advocat t v Ardlttl aid tud nt ,hould 
bp (' eluded from bargaining be ause the Unlver Ity could 
adt'quatply protect their InterE'st~ 

Continued on P~le 11 

Staff Writer Saxon offered 15 minutes, 
which th GSU salJ wasn't Over 350 students, most of them graduate teaching assistants 

picketed the UC San Die~o Board of Overseers meeting Wed-
nesday asking to speak With UC president-designate Saxon, who 
was in attendance. 

Chanting "No layoffs" and "Meet our demands," the students 
converged on the Matthews campus Chancellor'S complex after 
an organizational meeting on the Revelle .plaza at 1 pm. 

The march was led by the 
Graduate Student Union (GSUl. 
which is asking for more job 
security next year for T As . 
Spokesmen for the GSU 
requested a chance to meet with 
Saxon after the Board of Over-
see'rs adjourned . 

" I Understand" 
axon told the spokesmen 

before the meting began that he 
had another appointment and 
had to catch a plan immediately 
after the Overseers meeting. 

Saxon said, "I do understand 
the concerns that motivate you," 
and when requested again that 
the representatives of the GSU 
meet With him, Saxon replied , 
You 're a king for more than I 

Saxon Hits Brown's UC 
Budget Here Wednesday 

by Edward Simons 
Managing Editor 

UC President.<:fesignate David 
Saxon , making his first ap-
pearance at UC San Diego since 
he was approved by the Regents 
March 1, said Wednesday that he 
is dissatisfied with Gov. Brown's 
proposed 1975-76 UC budget " in 
almost everv respect " 

The hastily-c alled press 
conference convened three hours 
before axon was scheduled to 
meet With Chancellor McElroy 
and the UCSD Board of Over-
seers . That meeting was marked 
by protest from members of the 
Graduate Student Union (see 
article this page .) 

Withdraw the Fund 

In diSCUSSing the budget, Saxon 
cited the rising costs of main-
taining buildings and equipment 
as bei ng essential 

"The Governor's wrong abcut 
being able to cut the Affirmative 

Continued on Page 7 

enough 
Chancellor McElroy explained 

to the student that Saxon had 
only an hour to spend on campus, 
and that It had been agreed that 
he would spend It with the 
Overseers . McE Iroy concluded, 
" He's not even President yet-
that's being a little presumptous 
on his part, too .. 

Saxon told the students that 
they wclJ1ted firm comrUitments-
about lob ecurlty, but that the 
University didn ' t have a budget 
yet. 

axon concluded by telling the 
~tudents that he " understands 
their needs" and that the 
situation wouldn ' t be changed by 
a ten-minute conversatIOn . Saxon 
and UCSD administrators entered 
th conference rOom to meet 
with the Board of Overseers . 

The Board IS a body that links 
the University with prominent 
member of the community 

"Sa on " and " Meet our 
demands, now" were the chants 
heard as the Board of Overseers 
convened A students 
surrounded the building, 
spokesmen for the GSU entered 
the meeting and again requested 
that Saxon take time to hear their 
demands 

One Hour 
M cElroy addressed the 

stud nts, "A I told you earlier, 
we have one hour with him 
(Sa on), and that IS all the time he 
plans to b here--not to meet With 
the tudents and faculty, but with 
the Board of Overseers I must 

Continued on Page 3 

Funds, Students in Short Supply 
Editor's Note - This is the 

second of a four-part series on the 
arts and lectures at UC San Diego 
from reporter Hicks, Today's 
article covers activities at Third 
and Fourth Colleges. 

by Greg Hicks 
Senior Reporter 

In reviewing the activities of 
the various programming 
committees at UCSD, two 
problems emerge with more 
frequency than any others : lack 
of money and lack of student 
interest. • 

Both problems have hampered 
the work of the Third College 
Activities Committee, according 
to Raymond Dye, dean of Third 
College. This is not to say that the 
committee has not sponsored 
Interesting and successful 
programs But it is an obviou fact 
that no organization can go 
beyond the framework Imposed 
on It by the degree of money and 
personal energy available to it. 

The money available to the 
activities committe comes from 
the pool of money the University 
collects a a p rcentage for 
allowing companie to put 
vending machine on campus 
The money I dllo ate9 on a 
had-count ba i Thus Th Ird 

,Colleg , with an ' enrollm nt of 
about 825, gets only a mall 
portIOn of the money 

Ine"pensive Idea 

A cording to Dye, 'all the 
dedns arE' hurting for mone ." Up 
to now, h ay, th dctlvltle 
program at Third ha dep nd d 
largely on ··creatlv Idea that 
o t little or no monE' '' (for 

example th On tag at Third 
program , poetr r adlng and 
dan e exhibition) There I a 
chance that more mon ould 
come through an allo atlOn from 
th regl tratlOn 1 E' budg t Thl . 
an only occur, how ver, It th re 

is sufficient ott-loading (e penses 
picked up by the state) to allow 
money from the budget to be 
given to the individual college 
deans . There IS, says Dye, " no 
certainty that thi will happen." 

In addition to more money, 
Dye would like to see more 
student involvement in the 
committee The committee 
consi ts of two faculty members 
(appoi nted by the Provost) and 
four students (appointed by Dye) 
as well as the dean, a sistant 
dean and administrative 
assistant. 

But. the nature of the com-
mittee allow for a maximum of 
tudent input. It has the nature of 

"an informal cooperative venture, 
in that anybody can be involved 
in It," according to Dye An 
interested student can erve on 
the committee, which is run more 
or Ie s by consensu . 

Dye would like to ee an Im-
provement on the present 
ituation, where onl "a handful 

of student ar dOing everything " 
There is a need, he ay , to 
omehow convince and p r uade 

students to g t Involved 
WI th mOr energy and mone 

avai lab Ie, there ar a number of 
program which Dye would likE' 
to e Implem nt d One I 
current event emlnar "One 
thing about U 0 ,' he aY , I 
that It I~ a hlghl clence-orlented 
campu~ ' so that p ople are not 
"aWdre of what' gOing on In the 
world ' There hould, h think 
be utilization of the r .ource of 
oth r college. In th an Diego 
area (e g , gu st sp aker ) 

Dve w ulQ also liKe to e mor 
traditional thing, (like spnn 
carnl al) and more program 
pomor d b thnic and cultural 

groups , uch d ultural fair But 
th ~e p pnt<. mu t b th 
"students \tent ' .. - the tud nts 
mu t p nd th Ir p ronal 

n rgle, In implem ntln' ,uch 
program 

Third Dean Raymond Dye 

A Smattering of Everything 

In D e' View, It I al 0 the 
function of the Campus Program 
Board to pon or activities that 
fulfi II the general purpo e of 
'expanding th cultural con-

SCIOU ne of the entire campus 
conlmunlty ' The CPB hould not 
over-empha Ile any particular 
area of programming but the 
'program hould be \\<ell ml ed, 
hu I n a mattering of 
everything 

1 hI.' second m.lJor ourc of 
fund, tor a tlviti at Third I the 
$6 h IU Ing t Th deCi Ion to 
allo atf> thl~ mone\ recelv th 
dlr~ct mput of tud nts liVing In 
the d :)rm\ tudent mPet \\- ith 
their re Idence hall repr n-
tatlv who In turn m et \\-Ith th 
RA Tt, R 
th Third 
yolanda Ire Ino Group 
tudents Cdn al 0 ,peak to the 

RE' Ident 0 .an th rmcke it th y 
want to U\ hou 109 f f> m "'l1ey 
for a partICular t p 01 aC·lvlt 

Ac ordln' to Tre","o, tud nts 
at Third m to be atl fled With 

Continued on P~8e 6 



Paget:No Triton Tim .. Friday. May 23, 1975 

Letters! to the Editor 
Jpstice and Procedure Ignored in Malone Case The Left Doesn't 

Listen 
In the M~y 1& issue of the permanently. What does this say 

Triton Timl!S there appeared a about independent in-
statement by Cleo Malone, vestigations? What does this say 
former resident dean of Muir about fair procedure? 
College, indicating that he has And we were supposed to be 
accepted a position at University impressed by the impartiality of 
Hospital. this investigation, calling in 

For most people, this statement someone from Berkeley and all. 
marked the end of an episode Impartial it may have been, but 
about which they had heard some an impartial sham! It was a sham 
I------------~~------~ 

'Ab, yes ... A man has to believe in somethin", anti I believe· 
. J'1/ have another tin·nk!. 

rumors and seen a few headlines, 
but which they never really 
understood. Those administrators 
and others who wanted Cleo out 
-are undoubtedly hoping that this 
statement - from a self-respecting 
but obviously worn down man 
will be the last chapter of this 
episode. But those of us who are 
aware of the nature of what has 
gone down are not about to let 
things end here. A few things 
need to be brought to everyone's 
attention . 

The point to be grasped and 
mulled over by everyone is this : 
while an independent in-
vestigation was initiated and 
carried out, the findings of that 
investigation had no bearing on 
the outcome of the case. 

Think about that. In the final 
analysis, itwas not Cleo's guilt or 
innocence, but the personal 
judgments and negative feelings 
of Vice-Chancellor Murphy, 
Provost Stewart , and Dean 
Beckley towards Cleo which 
forced him to leave his position 

because the people who have 
power in th is situation - Murphy, 
Stewart, Beckley, and Chancellor 
McElroy - seem not to have taken 
the investigation seriously. It is 
true, the Chancellor, on the basis 
of that investigation, rejected 
Murphy, Stewart and Beckley's 
recommendation, but his 
rejection does not appear to have 
been the final word or to have 
carried much weight. Why is this 
the case? Why has our Chancellor 
made a decision and then ap-
parently allowed it to be ignored? 
I t seems that the investigation 
was for our benefi t, and that its 
function was purely cosmetic . 

A very serious question is 
raised here : can a small group of 
influe nt ia l people at this 
University get together and 
decide they don't like someone, 
bring charges against them, and 
get them removed, fired, not 
rehired or whatever, rqilrdless of 
whether or not the charles they 
have brousht are found to be 
truef I t appears that this is the 

case. A facade of fairness and 
impartiality was erected to make 
thing5 "look right." 

Imagine someone on trial : they 
are acquitted, but they get 
sentenced anyway! That sounds 
pretty Qutrageous , doesn't it? 
HopefullV, there are a lot of 
people at this University -
students , faculty , staff, and 
administrators - who are grated 
the wrong way by this brand of 
jllstice which is so blatantly 
unjust. What is there to protect 
someone's position at UCSD 
when rules, prOCedures (like 
independent investigations), and 
even the Chancellor's supposedly 
final word are taken so lightly? -

We-.are not simply going to let 
this be the end of the case of Cleo 
Malone. We are calling for a 
written statement (to be printed 
in the Triton Times from Murphy, 
Beckley, and Stewart explaining 
their apparent disregard for the 
findings of the independent 
investigation and for the position 
taken by their superior, the 
Chancellor of the University. If 
these three men are not ac-
countable for their apparent lack 
of respec t for the rules and 
procedures upon which the 
running of this University is 
supposed to be based, we are in 
serious, serious trouble. A refusal 
to respond to this call for dn 
explanation will leave no doubt 
as to where thev stand. 

There is something to be 
learned from this. No matter what 
rules and procedures exist to 
insure fairness , they must not 
only be followed, but they must 
be taken seriously , not be sub-
verted, and not be brought out 
just for show. I n addition, we 
need to be aware that the tacti c 
used here - making someone's life 
miserable or making it impossible 
for them to do their job in hopes 

that they will "voluntarily" leave -
is not specific to this . particular 
case . 

A disturbing but undeniable 
And unfortunately, there are fact is becoming evident on the 

few checks on this sort of abuse UCSD campus and the world at 
of power since, by its very nature, large . the left does not listen . 
it tends to be out of the view of The article on US imperialism 
those who might be able to do in Monday's issue of the Triton 
something about it Thus, those Times gives proof to this poin t. 
like Cleo Malone who, for The crowd shouted down a 
whatever reason, happen to fall woman who requested the US 
out of favor with their colleagues, r flag be raised rather than the 
must simply bear up under the Cambodian one. Because this 
treatment they receive for as long person spoke out for what she 
as they can; and do' their damn- believed, the label "fascist" was 
dest to get a fair deal. But we are flung at her. 
wondering, are there any fair This is only one example of 
deals to be had around here? many. The Left , a supposed 

. paragon of free thinking and will , 
disdains contrary opinions . Since 

DEBORAH MURRAY those of the liberal persuasion are 
JANET PLOSS in the majority (on the UCSD 

campus) they sneer at any 
conservative notions . Is not the 

Th. Triton Tlmel il offlclelly 
_01In1zed _ e ItUdent _ ... _ 
by the Communlaotlonl ' Boeret of 
UC.D. Publlcetlon lion MoncIe.,., 
Wedneede.,.. end FrIdIo.,. durin. the 
... uler echool y .. r Cueept on oHlciel 
holldeVlI. Edltorl.1 end bUllne .. 
oIfIc_ e .. I_ted In 117 Bleile Hell 
on the Rev .... College cem.,uI. 

Lettere to the Editor end opinion 
columna ... welcomed. All eub-
mlMlonl .hould be typed on e .. 
ereee line on non-corrwlble .,._. 
TIley "'ould not exceed tfIrM .,._ 
In "ft9th. The Triton Tim" ....." .. 
tte right to edit lubml.lonl becau .. 
01 • .,.ce IImltetlonl 0' Ityle 
NClul .. m_ 

For edltoriel. ce.1 .. ..,.; for 
1IveI_.nd edvertiMm_, ce1l4l2· 
,... 

"all gratifying and soul purging" 
scream of " fascist" just as bad as 
the McCarthyist's shouts of 
"Communist?" 

There are always at least two 
arguments to every question . No 
group should get so smug as to 
only think and dictate their own 
views. This " tunnel vision" only 
breeds hate and mi sun-
derstanding. Yes, you the all 
seei ng and knowi ng left, through 
your narrowness and 
onesidedness, are helping this 
country digress into 
emotionalism , and not progress 
into the business at hand. 

NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 

Some ·Tenured Physics 
Professors Never Teach 

For one who has had many years' experience of teaching lower 
division courses in physical science, it is easy to understand, even from 
his own account of his activities (TT, May 14), why the course that 
Keith Brueckner " volunteered" to teach was not a success. However, it 
should at least be said that he had the courage and honesty to appear 
in front of the class. 

Dismissed Factors Important to Hirsch 
What about a professor who "volunteers" to collect credit for 

teaching a course but who never appears in class at all and arranges 
instead for an employee to act systemati cally as a substitute? Such a 
,professor neatly avoids the student stri ctures from befell Kei th 
Brueckner, and hi s only educationa l chore i~ to arrange for an ap-
propriate cover-up in the accounting procedures. 

Magged , Vernacchia , and 
'Wilson's response (TT, May 14) to 
Tim Hirsch's reflections on the 
pre-med experience at UCSD is 
ufficlently muddled and off 

target to require rebuttal .. 
The th ree " demand " (one 

wonders upon what authority) to 
know exactly how Hirsch 
" managed to gain admission to 
any medical school. " In the 
simplistic tones beloved of ad-
men , mi litary officers , and other 
absurd reductionists, they, ins 1st 
upon access to the " rules" by 
which Hirsch played " the medical 
sc hool game ." Their con-
sternation , of course, ar ises from 
Hirsch 's " less than impressive" 
grades, and in complete con-
fUSion , the authors wonder dark ly 
If perhaps he didn 't "abuse the 
grading system for his own 
benefit " somewhere along the 
way . 

Having added up Hirsc h's 
numbers .. nf:l found the sum 
wanting, 1M. Magged and hiS 
friends art' mystified ; they can 
only assurre that Hirsch is trying 
to lull your,g and suggesubft! IJI 
med " int) ,believing they can 
gain admhs'on to any medical 
school Wit'l ss than competit ive 
grades ." 

Magged t al .' ~ befuddlement 
am s from theIr failu re to ask all 
thf' propel questions They deal 
ad quately With "How mu h 
Hirsch I", but negl ct completely 
"What IS Hlrs hr', or "Who is 
Hlrs hi", let alon "Why I~ 

Hlr~ch/ ." The three Imagln 
vaguely that he might oncf' havf' 
('ngag d In r s arch (he did, In 
thp lab of renown('(j Im -
munolo',st Dutton), hut the reSt 

of Hirsch--his memories, h is 
dreams, his perceptions and 
Interpretations- are consigned to 
the flames as "superf luous, poetic 
bulls hit ." 

The pre-med experience at 
UCSD, like much of what passes 
for life here, is difficult and 
alienating . Those of us who have 
lived it recall it with varying 
degrees of bitterness . One fall s 
very easi ly into what Solzhenitsyn 
ca lls " the repeating, endless cycle 
of desire and fulfillment, " living 
from exam to exam, from grade to 
grade, losing track of self and 
values In what even tually 
becomes a neurotic dash to a 
forgotten victory . Hirsc h's 
warni ng has merit: this com-
pulsive compliance with a narrow 
and degrading set of expectations 
produces ghosts from people. 

And ghosts, despite their 
obvious advantages as 
techniCians , exhib it marked 
lap es In their ability to deal 
humanely and reasonably with 
human beings--an abi lity which is 
a Ignificant requirement of those 
WIth [lretensjons to th practice 
of medici ne. 

For some time now, often 
indirectly and from a distance, I 
have watched Hirsch confront hIS 
own ghosthood, grappll:' With it, 
repudiate it. I hav seen hIm a k 
What, Who and Why, and from 
thC' answers, or at least from th . 
asking , yntheslze hIS r asons f0r 
b comIng a doc tor lhese 
reasons , frf'e of thl:' cycle of 
de Ire, are Intlmatply rl:'latf'd to 
I-Itrsch 's sen~1:' of himself, hl ~ 

~!:'mltlvlty. and hl~ capabilltl l:'s 
QUill' 'r onc!' 1 vab Iy , who\:\ er 
Int('fvlewE'd lIor ,r h ill USC :.-ted 

School discerned in him not 
merely how much, but who and 
why as well. In this sense, the 
very factors which Magged and 
co-au thors dismiss as bullshit are 
significant in Hirsch's success. 

Anthony Patch, who is a ghost 
and should know, maintains that 
" the victor belongs to the spoil ." 
Wh ere victory demands 
adherence to rigid and Im-
personal rules , trls may well be 
true . It is not tru ! of Hirsch . Next 
year, in medic 11- school at the 
opposite end of the country from 
him, I hope I sti ll remember. I 
hope, in all si nce rity , that 
Magged, Vernacchia, and Wilson 
likewise learn and remember. 

MICHAEL McDANIEL , 
EMPLOYEE, 

REVELLE SNACK BAR 

- And what professors who are still successfully resisting the pres ure 
from the Chancellor's Office to " volunteer" for teaching ? There are 
Professors of PhYSics who have been at UCSD longer than I have (ten 
years) and who, so far as I have noticed, have' never yet taught a 
course, graduate or undergraduate. It is true that these non-professing 
"professors" have performed distinguished research . They have 
engaged in education to the extent of supervising the research of some 
doctoral candidates . Bu t they have not earned their salaries as 
educators. They have benefited by receiving State salaries as ducators 
in a manner than may not be actually illegal but is certainl y 
questionable. 

William McElroy is not the .f,rst UCSD Chancellor to take un -
favorable note of this si tuation , but he is the first to press for action . I 
am sure that he is genuinely disturbed to realize that the action that he 
has taken so far has contribu ted only to poor teachin g of un -
dergraduates . The problem cannot be solved by forcing into the 

Continued on Page 3 

John ~ . Taylor ~ 
Edward Simons 

Mlnealn. editor 

Charles Heimler 
N_Iedltor 

Sara J. Lowen 
Edltorlel dlreetor 

Mark Stadler 
Community editor 

Paul Wagner 
SpOrtl .dltor 

Edito,· In-chlef 

KathyCoxe 
Seer_rv 

JamesG. Solo 
City .~ltor 

Patti Wolf 
Co.,yedltor 

".-edlto, 

Tad Sperry 
Photo editor 

SJufl wr:ilers 
EII ... __ .. , Chim.nt 

Oe ... EI..., 
Steve Elmedlne 
Me, .. ,et H_ev 

Cliff Hlrach 
Neney Hodeon 
CherlHHyde 
erelg JeelllOn 
Oe,ry Kento, 

CIe,.nc.Klng 
.. N ..... n 
Jim Nucko .. 
J."., Redldl 
SconSedll 

Denl" .hewler 
Jlm.hIp .... n 

Mitt .vltlm ..... 
Crel.Uehlde 

PenlWo.f 
Rlch.,d V.., 

SenIOr Reporter 
G,."Hlck. 

ProrhtClion 
Kathy en •• 
Anne Lleb .. r 

Ke .... Melemud 
Robert M"e.1I 

IAIIt. Me"". Ed.' 
SonleN .. h 

Oe., Shewl.r 
IIIIWlteon 
BMsi"ess 
Gle, .n J.rry 

ElteN. Her.01I 
Denl.nMoore 

O,eele V .... lngton 
IA.t. BUI. Men • . ' 

CoPy 
An:-:et:b .... 

Mlohele Mletul 
SheUftl Stok .. 

Photography 
Cherl"IEu 

DeftI ........ 

Friday, May 23, 1975 Triton Times Page three 

More Letters Inside a Confrontation: 
Advantages of Undergrad T As Listed GSU Meets Overseers by John H_ Taylor 

Editor·iM:hief 
creating uniquely-pe ~ ci led 
geometric shapes on the yellow 
legal pads each had been 
provided with 

As an undergraduate T A, I 
would object to your editorial 
(TT, May 19) which stated " when 
undergraduates are asked by 
departments to work as T As, 
lower divisio n student s-who 
expect ar:1d deserve ql:alified 
assistance-suffer all the more." 

I would like to call your at -
tention to the advantages of 
having undergraduate TAs . A TA 
who has recently taken the course 
he is teaching is more familiar 
with the particular co urse 
material , objectives of the course, 
and its relation as a pre-requisite 
to upper qivision classes. If he is 
teaching a lab course, he is also 
familiar with the specific ex-
periments and is more quali..fied 
to answer questions . 

He may be in the process of 
taki ng upper division courses 
which re late directly to- and 
cover in more depth-material 
being taught in the lower division 
course. Undergraduate T As are' 
also required to meet certain 
(better than average) scholastic 
require.ments. 

On the other hand, a graduate 
IS usually unfamiliar with the 
course and may have forgotten 
much of the detail In fun-
damental areas outside his 
particu lar interest 

I suggest that the qllality of 

Protest • .. 
Continued from Page 1 

Insist that he have that time to 
meet wi th them." 

McElroy then suggested that 
the GSU elect two students to 
ride to the airport with Saxon, and 
ta lk with him then . 

After relating McElroy's 
comments to the students out-
ide, a negative response was cast 

on this plan and the GSU again 
entered the Overseers meeting. 

The GSU interuptE."d Saxon with 
their response to his offer : "The 
negotiating committee of the 
GSU considers that your offer of 
goi ng down with you to the 
airport i n the car, is not a serious 
one. We take it as a refusa l to 
negotiate with us and discuss 
seriou Iy our demands. 

Continued on "P<1ge 7 

lower division education wil l only 
impove when T As (undergraduate 
or graduate) are employed who 
actually care about instructing 
their fellow students; neither 
graduate students who are forced 

-

to teach us part of their own 
education nor undergraduates 
who teach only to earn mone'{ 
make any useful contribution to 
education ~t UCSD..; 

MARK CONOVER 

'Speaking 0/ pirates ... ' 

Physics Professors. • • 
Continued from Page 2 

lassroom underloaded professors who are not good at teaching or 
who are not interested in taking the trouble to teach properly. The 
problem must be solved by not paying educational sa laries in excess of 
educational services rendered . 

Chancellor McElroy's difficu lty is that tenured educational ap-
poi ntments have been given to good physicists who are only partially 
performing educational Jobs, and who were not and are not all needed 
educationally . He cannot easily un-tenure them now What he can do, 
however , IS place them on partial leave of absence. 

Under Section 117-12a of the University of California Academic 
Personnel Manual , tenured professors who are rece ivi ng professional 
salaries in excess of those corresponding to the actual educational 
functions that they are in the habit of performing (i ncluding education 
of doctoral candidates ) can be given indefinite professional leaves of 
absence for the excess percentages of their t ime. They can also be 
permitted to make up the balance of their sa lar ies from federal 
re earch grants 

Only In thiS way can the educational funds of which UCSD is being 
milked by a distinguished but overblown physics department be 
recovered and used for educationa l purposes, in particular for lower 
divi Ion education . I hope that Chance llor McElroy will take this 
unprecedented action . Disturbing though the necessity for the action 
is, fai lure to act wi ll be fa r more dangerous . I trust that the Chancellor 
will have the courage to act, and that he will be supported _by the 
Academic Senate , by the University-w ide administration, and by the 
Board of Regents . 

To those who may, like me, regret the appearance of a statement like 
this in a newspaper, let me say that I have lost count of the number of 
time that I have fruit less ly made simi lar statements privately in the 
University over a period of years, both verbally and in writing, both 
officia lly and unofficially, in most cases before incorrect a<;t ions were 
taken . The practical difficul(y has been that those who benefit 
collectively from these incorrect actions has been well entrenched in 
the UCSD decis ion -making process . They still are . For how long hould 
the r suit of this be tolerated? . 

Most of the discussion at the 
Board of Overseers meeting 
Wednesday involved a poll that 
many of the members, includ ing 
Presi dent-designate Sa)con , had 
read of. last week in the Los 
Angeles Times. 

I t indicated that University 
students are rejecti ng bus iness 
and bus inesspeople - that they 
have, said one board member, 
developed "a low regard and an 
ignorance" of the business 
world and its activities . 

The board member wanted to 
know if Saxon thought this trend 
represented a defi ciency in the 
educational system. 

It would not be possible to 
say whether the board member's 
comments (or even Saxon's 
answer- he said he had read a 
different poll indicati ng that 70 
percent of the nation's college 
stu dents plan careers in 
business) were at all prompted 
by hiS having had to pass 
through a circle of about 300 
angry graduate students that 

The mood was not one of any 
kind of fear . The Overseers -
predominat ely rich 
businessmen, with Jaguars and 
Cadillacs and Mercedes outside 
-- would not be expected to be 
afraid of a bunch of graduate 
students. There was lust a little 
anger at being interrupted, and 

ringed the Chancellor's complex David Saxon 
as the future President of the 
University of Californ ia, the perhaps antlcipa tion of bei ng 
Chancellor and the Chancellor's able to see the Chancellor in 
Board of the Overseers entered action This c onfrontation 
Conference Room A. possibly represented the first 

The graduate students -- time they had seen him meet 
argueably the cream of the hostile students . But the 
student body, at least in- Overseers are likely beyond 
tellectua lly wanted both fear and obseqlousness in 
recognition for what they say is their relations with student 
their invaluable service to the activists. 
University. The Overseers - The yelling was louder A 
presumably , if the press release ~undred grad students trans-
is correct - wanted to "adVise fered to the door opposite the 
and assist in the university's quad, so both entrances were. 
continued development " The blocked by students Overseers 
two sets of goals did not jibe and Saxon talked louder, so they 
Wednesday . could be heard over the yelling 

After the board members and I t was a full five minutes 
UCSD administ~ators and before anyone In the room 
reporters entered the meeting directly acknowledged the 
and began to address questions protestors. It was when the 
to Saxon, the grad students Chancellor said , " If any of you 
mysteriou Iy disappeared It are wondering what this IS, 
seemed, we thought, that they they're graduate student T AS . 
would be a little more per- They want Mr . Saxon to find 
sistent. more money for them n 

So we listened to the Saxon laughed The Chan-
questions. How do you com- cellor laughed . The Overseers 
promise UC's quality with laughed . And each laugh 
budgetary limitations? Is there seamed to overcome, just for a 
room for a medium -sized second, the yelling outside that 
research-oriented University? >seemed to shake the glass doors 

Saxon 's answers were glib and and the walls , and blocked some 
careful , and could be sum- of the light into the room. The 
marized, in these two cases, pencils still moved. Eyes were 
thus: "You compromise ," and on McElroy and Saxon more 
"Yes." And in the distance was than before the moment the 
heard clapping, then louder, grads appeared . 
and yelling. The grad students The grads were adapting the 
HENR~ G. BOOKER again flooded Into the quad in non-negociable demands motif. 

PROFESSOR OF APPLIED PHYSICS ' the . Chance llor 's ( omple.x, The crowd would decide what it 
mass ing a careful ten feet In wanted from Saxon or McElroy, 

Don't Think Abortion 
Alternatives are Available 

S.D. PRO UFE LEAGUE 
563-5433 

Also free speakers 
and study room 

DiET Foods 
John P. Taekne.y Prop. 
1107Wall St . 
La Jolla, Cal. 92037 
Phone : 454-4556 

front of the double glass doors and would send a spokesman 
of the co nference room . into the conference room. 

There were a few visible and They wanted to meet With 
audible reactions to the axon immediately, McElroy 
reappearance of 300 angry and said no, he's got to ca tch a 
chanting students , but , plane. Saxon offered to let two 
strangely, none of them were Graduate Student Union 
direct . Overseers slumped lower .members ride to the airport With 
in their chairs, began, doodlings, Continued on Page 7 

. LeVrS 



Page four 

StatEt Bureau 
Lobby Effective 

by Maura Dolan L-________________________________________ ~~ 
When a state senator came to dinner last week at the invitation of 

the UC Student lobby, he dined on spaghetti, lounged on the floor and 
defendld his voting record on student-related legislation. 

The dinner was a typical student lobby event. 
The lobby, funded solely by students, can't afford to wine and dine 

legislators at elegant restaurants or make fat campaign contributions. 
But with the 18-year-old vote, the student lobbyists say they wield a 
power difficult to match. 

'We've got something more important than money," says lobbyist 
Thomas DeLapp, a 22-year-old former Irvine student body president. 
"We've got a strong student voting constituency and legislators who 
want to be reelected." 

Delapp, along with lobbyists Judy Samuelson, 22, and Jeffrey 
Hamerling, 22, vigorously seek legislative approval of measures 
ranging from campus child care to outlawing discrimination against 
students in housing. 

'We surprise legislators who expect an amateurish job from a 
student lobby and instead get hard , cold, researched facts," says 
Delapp. 'We know the issues before we go in (to testify at a com-
mittee or visit a legis~ator's office to seek his or her vote), and the 
legislators trust us ." 

The legislature last year ranked the student lobby the twelfth most 
effective lobbying organization in a state with 360 lobbies . The student 
advocates outpolled Pacific Telephone, California Bankers Association 
and the Wine I nstitute, and tied with an organization that spent over 
half-a-million dollars . 

The big push for a student voice in the Capitol came in the summer 
of 1970 from student interns working for legislators, according to 
Delapp. 

He says the interns saw that the University wasn't adequately 
protecting student rights in the Legislature, and to counter this , worked 
with the Student Body Presidents' Counc il to hire a lobbyist in 1971 to 
plead student causes. 

With the birth of the student lobby, student education fees, which 
previously had been used to fund campus construction, began 
financing additional student programs--a sorepoint for some University 
administrators who view campus capital outlay a top University 
priority. 

" (' think t'he lobby views the University as its enemy," says a 
UniverSity official who has heard the lobby testify before legislative 
committees . 

But Hamerling says that's not exactly true . 
"The University thinks it can speak for everyone's interests," he says, 

" but students learned a long time ago that they had to speak for 
themselves." 

lobby interns, chosen by their campus lobby annexes-the campus 
headquarters for the lobby-come to Sacramento each quarter to assist 
the lobby with research . Each intern is responsible for following four to 
eight bills that affect students, and each earns academic credit for his 
or her work. 

The Student Body Presidents Council , the lobby's board of directors, 
hires the lobbyists for two year terms and pays them monthly 5750 
salaries from ASUC fees . The Council also decides which measures the 
lobby should actively support. 

" And they often have to make tough decisi(lns," says Samuelson. " It 
Continued on Page 

****************************** 
: ... -.. FRidAY Flick : 

i LfCJJaJ~~~ A (7:30) ~ 
~[!j~(Jl [!jCJJ Lf ~CJJ W ~ 
,.. 
,.. 
,.. 
,.. 
,.. 
,.. 
,.. 

directed by Francis Ford Coppola 
,.. 

• 
• ~CJJ~(Jl~a (9:15)~ 

,.. ,.. 

,.. w / Vanessa Redgrave ,.. 
: USB 2721 Tickets at Student Center Box Office 75c : 

-***~***********************~ 
: SATURdAY FilM : 

: 1100 ~ (7:30): 
i U)W~OO~~ ~ 
: ud : 

~ 1100~ ~ 
~ alA[L~t!lU(8:35)~ 
: w / Peter Fal. 51 00 : USB 2722 . ~*********.******.***********l 

Triton Time. Friday, May 23, 1975 
by NlnCy H"odlOn 

Stiff Writer 
reside on Matthews ; (the overload may occupy 
rooms at the Mesa apartments) . 

The final stages of Fourth's selection for a Dean 
are now in Fourth College Provost lea Rudee's, and 
Student Affairs Vice~hancellor George Murphy's 
hands . 

A screening committee, composed of students, 
faculty, and staff, reviewed the 275 applications, 
selecti ng 10 for Interviews. The interviews are now 
completed and a report was submitted evaluating 
each of the applicants. Rudee and Murphy are now 
faced with the big decision. 

One major disappointment experienced by all in 
Fourth College was the omission of planning money 
for Fourth's housing from the UC San Diego's 
budget this year. Third College-Step 2 and Fourth 
College-Step 1 would have involved between 
5500,000 to 51 million, just to plan architecture for 
housing. 

The UCSD budget stopped on Governor Brown's ' 
desk, where the planning money was omitted . 
Brown felt he could not justify the money in light of 

The Fourth Re20rter 
The position was designed for someone with both the many other projects at UCSD demanding 
ex~rience and education in two main areas : money. 
student affairs and academic field studies. Student Rudee feels the governor took a hard and critical 
affairs deals with programming and counseling, as look at the university with a somewhat hostile or 
opposed to classes and professors. Academic field questioning attitude to the requests of the 
studies will involve Fourth students off-campus . university . Next year's budget will include the 
The dean will direct the student-community inter- planning money in hope of getting these housing 
action, as businesses and the government become requests passed . 
the students' classroom. Fourth will offer new courses next year. For the 

As well as a new Dean, Fourth College will ~ve a biology major, a three~uarter physics organic 
new location next year. The Provost's Office will be chemistry sequence, of which the physics will be 
located on 302 Matthews Campus, with Fourth's - self-paced , will be offered . For the non-biology 
students housed in the Matthews Residence Halls. major, a biology class involv.ing a philosophical and 
Enrollment is expected to double next year, making historical perspective will be given to try and add 
the student count 950, the first 300 of which will another dimension to the science course . 
I - -------- - --------------- ---

I 
I 
TT Elections 
Next Week 

The Triton Times will choose its 
1975-76 Executive Board next 
week . 

The edi tor-i n-chief will be 
elec ted by the present Executive 
Board - along with selected staff 
members - in a meeting Thurs-
day. The rest of the editors will 
then be chosen by the present 
Executive Board, along with the 
1975-76 editor-in -chief. 

All 12 Executive Board 
positions are posted at the 
student employment office, and 
are open to all UC San Diego 
students . For most of the jobs, 
prior newspaper experience and 
former or current TT staff status 
are preferred . 

The positions are editor-in-
chief, managing editor, city 
editor, news editor, community 
editor , business manager, 
editorial director, news editor, 
copy editor, arts editor, sports 
editor, photo editor and 
secretary . 

Referrals and applications for 
editor-in-chief are due Wed-
nesday at 5 pm - referrals for the 
other positions are due Friday at 5 
pm . 

Wilson To Speak 
Wednesday 

Representative Bob Wilson (R-
San Diego) will speak Wednesday 
at noon at the Revelle plaza on 
health care. 

Wilson , the ranking minority 
member of the Armed Services 
Committee, has been involved 
with the building of the Veterans 
Administration Hospital and with 
the federal legislation for the 
funding of the medical school. 

Wilson has been a San Diego 
congressman for 22 years . His 
appearance is sponsored by the 
Young Americans for Freedom . 

Seniors Plan 
Graduation 

Revelle seniors who are in-
terested in having a different sort 
of graduation will have a meeting 
next Tuesday at noon in the large 
conference room in the Student 
Center. 

CHICANO UNDERGRADUATE 
STUDENTS 

Chicano Undergraduate students are needed to par-
tiCipate In a study concerning the experience of the 
Chicano in Higher Education. Interviews will be held at 
Matthews Campus 507 starting Weds May 28 through 
June6 , 1975_ You will be paid $5.00 (approx. two hrs.) 
for your time. Please call to schedule an appointment 
at your earliest convenience as only 100 students are 
needed . Tel II 452-4149 . 

SAN DIE E 
FRIDAY - MAY 23 - 8:00 P.M. 

Tickets on Sa .e It Center Bo)( Office, 2nd .nd liB" St.; III se.n, 
Highl.nder Men', StorM .nd TICketron Outlets. M.II orders to 202 
"COO St., S.n Diego, 92101: PIUse enclo .. 25c h.ndli", and a Mlf 
ooores,"O "amp.., envelope. TICket Inlormotlon , 236-6510. 

Price,; 

According to Revelle seniors 
Dan Fields and Jane Binning, who 
are planning the meeting , some 
of the possibilities to be discussed 
include not wearing graduation 
gowns during the ceremonies. 
Fields and Binning said the 
money saved by not wearing 
gowns could be used to finance a 
cia s gift, perhaps the funding of 
a nutritional program. 

The Revelle seniors will also 
dl cuss student speakers at 
graduation, graduation speakers 
and a graduation party . 

Professors Take 
Honors 

Four members of the UC San 
Diego faculty were informed of 
their election to the American 
Academy of Arts and Sc iences 
recently at the Academy's annual 
meeting in Boston . 

The Academy IS a national 
honorary society with a mem-
bers hip of 2,300 noted 
mathematicians, physical and 
biological scientists, members of 
the legal profeSSion , social 
scientists, artists and humanists .. 

.Those elected include Helen 
Ranney, medical school; Henry 
Menard, astronomy and earth 
sciences ; E. Peter Ceiduschek, 
molecular biology; and Melford 
Spiro, social relations . 

FROM VIKKI AT MAKAHA BEACH HAWAII ' 

H,and rT\4do I,um oJ~U np f.r t" (;.ta' VlO ,1I1"n S)lI 
~::e ~f':~: ~~f~~(L~i'J,u~~'~~~~;,~'n roo 
GUill ... n! IlotltlJ'· 
&./ClS S J4 if) U "".J l 4 H Xl04h 4ij 
r.")",DltIi ~ nt" 0' HoC!!! H.tQ IpOaftH InctUCIt'S ITIt'f'S, 
.. ht"', -i.O\J to("l'i w";fTl('!'\!l m"mu,..". " r' ~ ('; 
t"\o ll'lO.1 <j ned" btui OUf">4 ttfl(IIUl'i ""I' 

I u.. IJ ••• ' Md- .tl"lr1 ,. H ... ~,f 
I (>'~" t\~:;,t~,:~tt:;}~:#d. I 
I "AI 
I 
I rl ttl -----
i 
I " I ( .,.. , ml)(\I·(Pfn..., 1"-. (lO~O"th.t'1jK'1 ,n, 
I fi t~"f1lII"I'''''nrr1 Of M,.. 11"f Ct."'fF 
I I I I I 
I , -I, ___ ,lunlh ___ S'/U_ 
I C-ancfh rilll,'.J,f ",,1d 5 ,10 t'N~,,~J 
I f .4' tt,lY.,1o'1"f " nl .... 11' .. !.I -

~ -- ------ - - -------- -

Friday, May 23,1975 Triton Times Page five 

DO YOU WANT TO HELP RUN THIS PLACE? 
Students need student. to sit on statewide 

and campus committees for the 197&-1976 
academic year. We need people who have an 
interest and some knowledge in the areas of the 
committees listed below to be members of these 
administrative committee. and to add a student 

voice to the decision making of this university. 
Believe it or not, committees play a big role in 
what comes down around here, and therefore one 
way to change what's been coming down around 
you is be on a committee. The University is not 
going to change by itself. We have to do 
something. 

Preside~tial Advisory 
Committees 

ACOldemic Plainnina OInd "oarOlm Review BOOIrd: 
Academic planning and review of programs; preparing 
operating and capital budget recommendations for the 
President's review and approval ; developing policy 
statements for the President on a variety of topics . 

Affirmltive Action Advisory Committee: To 
recommend and report to the President through its 
chairman on the administration of the Program; consult 
and advise the Vice Presidents and the President, or 
their designees, on the Program; and provide assistance 
with such matters as employee development and 
training programs . 

AffirmOltive Action Advisory Committee, University-
wide: To advise and give recommendations to the 
President concerning the organization and direction of 
the affirmative action programs, priOl'ities and th~ 
allocation of budgeta ' v resources among the programs, 
and ways to cover idPS which may become evident 
among the programs. 

Athletic Advisory BOIrd, I,,· "rumpus: To advise the 
President on such matters as administrative 
organization and financial support of athletic programs, 
relations of athletic programs to departments of 
physical aducation, membership in athletic con-
ferences, and intercollegiate athletics . 

• (graduates and undergraduates chosen from all nine 
c.ampuses to fill the one or more student seats on each 
committee) . 

Financill Aid AdministrOltion, TISIe Force on: To 
review existing organization, policy, systems, and 
procedures governing student financial aid, including 
student loan collection. 

Inclusion Areas, Administrltive Advisory Committee 
on: To advise the President on matters related to in-
clusion areas developed in connection with the 
UniverSity's campuses . 

Innovative Projects, Advisory Committee on: To 
review all applications for budgetary support of in-
novative or experimental instructional projects. 

RUrOIl Development, AdvllOry Committee on: To 
assist the University in implementing rural development 
research and extension activities in California in ac-
cordance with Title V of the Rural Development Act of 
1972, Public law 92-419. 

Student Fees, Ad Hoc Committee to Review: To study 
all student fees as to the rationale for their existence 
and the appropriateness of the amounts charted. 

Academic Senate 
Committees 

1) ACldemic Freedom: The committee studies and at 
its discretion reports to the Senate any condition within 
or without the University which, in the judgement of the 
committee, may affect the academic freedom of the 
members of the University, with particular reference to 
the reputation of the University and individual members 
of the Senate. 

2) EduCitionOlI Policy Ind Courses [CEP): This 
committee considers all matters of educational policy 
referred to it by the President, the Chancellor, or the 
Senate. An exceedingly powerful committee that has a 
great impact on undergraduate and graduate academic 
life . 

J) Executive OInd Policy [EPC): This committee is the 
major policy-making committee for the Senate. tt acts 
for the Senate during the summer, or when the Senate is 
unable to act upon a matter. 

4) Librlry: This committee~dvises the Chancellor on 
the operation of the libraries at UCSD. It reviews 
budgets and advises the Chancellor on all matters 
relating to library policy . 

51 University Welflre: This committee is primarily 
concerned with faculty salaries and other aspects of 
faculty welfare . 

6) SpeciOlI Schollnhips: This committee assists and 
advises the operation of the Educational Opportunites 
Program. It revies applications and makes recom-
mendations for admission of special action students . 

Administrative 
Committees 
ADMINISTRATIVE COMMITTEES 

1) Ad Hoc Belch Development: This committee 
reviews plans for the beaches adjacent to the campus, 
making sure that the plans provide for recreational uses 
that will protect the experimental and other scientific 
requirements of the UCSD community . 

2) Boobtore Advisory: This committee advises in the 
development of recommendations for operational 

impr~ements and long range goals . It is adviSOry to the 
bookstore manager, who in turn is responsible to 
Auxiliary Enterprises, under the Vice Chancellor of 
Business Manaaement. 

J] ClmpUS ,t.nnl",: This committee is responsible 
for review of all planning and building at UCSD. All 
building projects mus't clear. this committee . 

4] Computer Center Policy: This committee is chargai 
with putting the UCSD Computer Center on a sound 
operating basis and maintaining it as such . 

5] Affirmltlve Action Subcommittee on WOmOln: This 
committee Insures that equal employment for women at 
UCSD is a reality. 

6] Afirmative Action Subcommittee on Minorities: 
This committee insures that equal employment for 
minorities is a reality at UCSD. 

7] Housing and Food Services Advisory: This com-
mittee reviews the concepts, policies, rate structures, 
financial statements , budgets , operations , and 
organization of the Housing and Food Services Ad-
ministration . 

8) Long Ringe Planning: This committee reviews the 
Master Plan and all growth prOjections of UCSD. 

9) Naming Buildi",s, Streets, Colleges, And hcilities: 
This committee is responsible for naming everything 
and anything . 

101 Piriling Advisory: This committee sets the rates 
and helps plan the parking needs of UCSD. 

11) Proarlm Review Committee [PRC): ThiS com-
mittee is the principal advisory committee on campus 
funding programs and resources allocation . There are 
three subcommittees : Capital Outlay and Space, 
Budget and Program Priorities, and Institutional Self-
Study and Evaluation . 

12) Public Ceremonies: This committee advises and 
coordinates the individual colleges' commencement 
exercises, as well as any campus wide event. 

lJ) Vending mlChine: This committee allocates 
vending machine income to the colleges . 

14] University Community 'iinnina [CUCP): This 
committee is responsible for drawing up a master plan 
for the UCSD community, given population and 
enrollment projections, and taking into account the 
environmental, community, and recreational aspects of 
the UCSD area . 

15) Vehicle Accident Review BOOIrd: This committee 
reviews all accidents involving University vehicles and 
determines if the driver involved should be allowed 
continued access to University vehicles and the 
University's culpability in the ma~r. 

16) Communications Board: This committee advises 
the Chancellor in regard to the student media at UCSD. 
I t serves as their publisher and oversees their operation . 
It controls funding and sets .standards of quality in the 
communications media . 

17) Campus Program Board: This committee's 
responsibility is to provide balanced programming and 
entertainment of high quality that is consistent with the 
educational purposes of the UCSD community. They 
provide assistance and consultants to groups, serve as a 
central calendaring agency, sponsor events, allocate 
resources for events, and provide the University with 
supervision of campus activities . 

18) - Institutional Research Advisory Council: This 
committee is the primary research body for the 
University. ltdoes investigate work for the Un iversity in 
regards to issues facing the University. 

19) Advisory Committees on Student Services: These 
committees advise their respective service on use of Reg 
Fee money, operation of the service facility, and in 
general anything affecting the student service. There are 
six of these AdviSOry Committees : Student Financial 
Services, Student Health Services , Counseling and 
Psychological Services, the Student Center, and I n-
ternational Center, and Special Education Programs. 

20) Campul Growth: This committee reviews 
enrollment projections and plans the growth of the 
.University on both a physical and educational plane. 

21) Enrollment Projections Review: This committee 
reviews and evaluates enrollment prOjections 
developed by the Analytical Studies office. 

22) BOird of Overseers: A body composed of ad-
ministrators, community citizens, and a student, that 
oversees the interface of the University with the 
surrounding community . They talk about things like 
land development. 

This is by no means a complete list. There are many 
committees at UCSD, and throughout the system, some 
of which have students, SOl'Tle of which don't. The 

. commitees listed above are those with at-large ones. 
Contact your Dean', 0'fice ~ 'I'e :rlfl ~ -dtr.g 
college appointments . For application to the above 
committees, contact Sandy, Student Organizations, 2nd 
Floor Student Center, NOI'th End, and ask for ar. ap-
plicalion We hope to close application in three weeks. 
June 4 IS the deadline for statewide committees 
Rem mber mo t committes have openints for both 
grads and undergrad 



Page six 

Sacramento Lobby • • 
Continued from P~le 4 

was hard f r them to decide we shouldn't take a position on the 
marijuana bIll (to reduce penalties), but they told us to remain neutral 
on it because It wouldn't affect students as a special, defined class of 
constItuents ." 

From Monday to Wednesday, the most active part of the week for 
the legislature, the lobby's office buzzes with activity. 

Delapp prepares testimony for a Senate committee on student 
partil;ipation in collective bargaining, Samuelson explains the history 
of campus childcare to an intern, and Hamerling dashes off to a 
committee that will decide whether students should pay Subject A 
fees. 

"The student lobby gives a good, clear, concise representation of the 
student body," says Republican Assemblyman Robert Badham of 
Newport Beach. "They are highly effective." 

Asked if he has any complaints of the lobby, Badham says reluc-
tantly, "Well, they do have two drawbacks-lack of contiIluity and the 
attitude you can win 'em aiL " 

Badham says the high lollby-intern-turnover prevents legislators 
from becoming personally acquainted with the lobbyists and lessens 
the lobby's potential impact on the legislature. 

"They also should learn to accept defeat more easily," he says, and 
describes a student lobbyist who he says visited his office to discuss 
legislation and left in tears when the Assemblyman refused to agree 
with the students' positi~n on a bill. 

John Buke, the consultant to the Senate Education Committee, says 
the lobby's greatest recent achievement was convincing legislators to 
approve a student amendment to the Dills-Berman collective 
bargaining for public employees bill. 

The amendment ~ould permit a student representative to par-
ticipate in labor negotiations at the University. 

"That was an amendment that neither the author nor the measure's 
supporters really wanted," Buke says. "Getting the amendment ap-
proved was Quite a feat. It was really something." 

Buke says the lobbyists are effective because they don't " jump up 
and down and rave and rant" to get their views across and don't try to 
lobby everything. 

"They narrow themselves to issues important to students," he says. 
But the student lobby hasn't always had such a narrow focus, say~ 

linda Bond, a former UC lobbyist and now a consultant to the 
Assembly Education Committee. 

She says the lobby during its infancy was "crazy." 
"They saw themselves as a Nader Raiders West," Bond says . "They 

tried to lobby everything from women's rights to prison reform to 
environmental issues." 

She says the newly-created student organization quickly came under 
fire from University lawyers, not only because of its stands on non-
student related issues, but because the lawyers felt that students 
~hould be represented by the University's official lobbyist. 

TTENTION: 
UCSD's Summer Session offers many courses. Among 
them are: 

'LlTERATURE 102: DRAMATIC LITERATURE· • MODERN 
COM EDY OF THE GROTESQUE AND ABSURD For 4 Units 
LITERATURE 125: AMERICAN LITERATURE OF THE 
NINETEENTH CENTURY .. MARK TWAIN For4 Units 
LITERATURE 132: LITERATURE AND ADOLESCENCE 

For4 Units 
For !urther. information contact the UCSD Summer 
SessIon OffIce , 101 Matthews Campus or call (714) 452-
4364. 

Triton Time .• Friday. May 23, 1975 

Myths Face US, Says Activities • •. 
FCC Ex-Member ContlnuedfromP~lel 

by Karen Steentofte 
St~ff Writer 

Nicholas Joh.nson, former 
Commissioner for the Federal 
Communication Commission and 
chairperson of the National 
Citizens Committee for Broad-
casting, said here last Tuesday 
that there are three myths under 
which Americans live. 

He described the three myths 
as : one, the myth that the US is a 
free enterprise economy and a 
democracy; two, the myth that 
TV is only for entertainment and 
therefore harmless; and three, the 
myth that Americans have real 
freedom of speech . 

Johnson, whose appearance on 
campus was sponsored by the 
Communications Program of 
Third College, said that these 
myths were intertWined with the 
concentration of wealth in this 
country. 

Concentration of Wealth 
"Broadcasting is part and 

parcel of this concentration of 
wealth," Johnson began, as he 
moved from statistics on the 
concentration of wealth to the 
impact of TV. According to 
Johnson, more American homes 
have TVs than bathtubs, and the 
average 5-year-old will have spent 
as much time in front of a TV as 
the average college student 
spends in class to attai n a BA. 

This popularity, says Johnson, 
gives the media the ability to 
create and to solve social 
problems . Johnson cited the 
Kerner Commission on Violence's 
concern with the impact on 
society of the exclusion of blacks 
in television and the present use 

of commercials by women's 
groups as evidence of this . 

TV not only tells us how to 
think but also wbat to think 
about. "Remember when we had 
poverty in America?" Johnson 
quipped. 

He said TV told us to think 
about poverty once, but no more. 

Johnson pleased with the 
audience to "have More respect 
for yourself . Be more selfish . You 
are unique." TV doesn't allow 
people to reach their potential. 
"TV is on the side of disease and 
death." It demands that people sit 
and get no exercise as well as 
encourages the consumption . of 
unhealthy food and the gaining of 
accomplishments through the 
products one uses. 

Vulnerable to Press~re 
When asked about the ex-

pected impotence of a citizens' 
lobby against the powerful 
communications industry, 
Johnson retorted, "Everyone told 
that little government in Hanoi 
not to take on the US, too." He 
recounted the success he had had 
lobbying against the License 
Renewal Bill, and stated that he 
had found the system vulnerable 
to pressure-anyone's pressure . 

The talk ended with some 
commercials produced by Public 
I nterest Communications of the 
Public Media Center in San 
Francisco . The commercials 
argued. against high oil profits, 
nuclear power plants, defense 
spending and bombs. Johnson 
said that TV should loosen its ties 
to the concentration of wealth 
and begin showing the sides 
portrayed in these commercials 
as well. 

fOURTh STudENTS 
AppOintments for 1975-76 Committee pOSitions will be 
made at . the May 29 Fourth Forum Meeting. If In-
te~est~d I~ one of the following positions , fill in ap-
plication In the Provost's Office. Plan to attend the 
meeting May 29 at 8 in the Revelle FORMAL Lounge. 

1-.Advlsory Committee on Student Fee Program 
2··Executlve Academic Committee 
1··Houslng & Food Service Advisory Committee 
1-·Chalrperson for Career Planning. 
1··Chalrperson for Social Committee 
1··Chalrperson for Enterprise Committee 
1-·Communlcatlons Board 
1·-Student Center Advisory Committee 
1·-Counsellng Center Advisory Committe. 
1··Parking Advisory Committee 

the programs that have been put 
on with residence halls money. 
The main point, she says, is to 
"satisfy everybody's taste," and 
the activities which have been 
planned have largely succeeded 
in doing this . 

S~me Problems at Fourth 

The Fourth College Social 
Committee has faced the same 
sort of problems as the Third 
College Activities Committee, but 
it too has been successful in 
planning many events which have 
received good student response. 

One problem, of course, is that 
this is the first year of operation 
of the Social Committee, so that 
many of the ins and outs of 
planni n8 activities for Fourth 
students had to be learned by 
experience. 

The committee consists of six 
student members (who applied 
for the committee in the fall), but 
other students who are interested 
are able to join the committee. 
Individual students are en-
couraged to come to committee 
meetings. 

The money the committee has 
to work with is Fourth College's 
share of the vending machine 
allocations . But committee 
members have ventured out to 
get more money, by activities like 
a harbor excursion , parents 
luncheon , and bake sales . 
Without this extra money there 
"wou ld have been a problem" 
according to Karen Dix, an ad-
ministrative assistant who works 
with the committee. 

Many of the events sponsored 
by the Social Committee have 
been geared toward bringing 
together the various elements of 
the Fourth College community . 
The committee has planned 
numerous TCIFs -- informal 
gatherings where food and drinks 
are provided for the people who 
come. In addition to students at 
Fourth, faculty and staff have 
been invited to attend. 

StevieHt~ 
According to Ellen Glucksman, 

chairman of the committee, the 
activities which the committee 
has planned have had a " really 
good turnout," although support 
has been lacking in "actually 
planning them." The informal 
gatherings have been successful, 
she said, because in an informal 
atmosphere "s tudents respond 
better ." 

1e'~, ~ 21(4, ~. 
(MtAe~ 

/ 

The committee concentrated 
its efforts this year on social 
rather than cultural events . The 
reason for this , Glucksman said, 
was that enough cultural and 
educational programs were 
provided by other campus 
organizations . "Students seemed 
to complain more," she said, 
"about lack of social activities." 

One of the main problems 
which the committee faces now is 
getting people interested in 
Fourth College activities who do 
not participate in them now. One 
way to do thiS, according to DiK, 
is "by improved public relations." 
Also, she said, "this being the first -
year , some students may have 
been hesitant to go to some 

Continued on P~p 7 

Friday, May 23, 1975 

Activities. • • 
Continued from P~le 6 

events" (like the semi-formal 
dance). This year has been a time 
of "estab lishing traditions" 
which, Dix says, will receive 
greater response in succeeding 
years. 

Commuter Students 

Another major problem of the 
committee, according to 
Glucksman, is that it "needs a 
way to reach commuter 
$tudents." The committee has put 
ads in the Triton Times and 
posted signs announcing events, 
but the response from commuter 
students is not as great as it could 
be. The committee is working on 

KarenDix 

ways to generate greater response 
(for example, assigning commuter 
students to RAs) , but no decision 
has been made by. the committee 
yet. 

Triton Tim •• Page seven 

Saxon Discusses Budget and T/ls 
Cootinued from Page 1 

Action budget," Saxon said. "The 
federal government requires us to 
keep records on it and that takes 
money. If we don't keep proper 
records, the government may 
withdraw the funding it now gives 
us ," 

Asked if he and Brown had had 
any conversations on the budget, 
Saxon said they had not spoken 
on specifics. Saxon did express 
hope of persuad ing Brown and 
the legislature to "properly 
support the University." 

He said he has not given up on 
convincing the people of 
California that the University of 
California is in their best interests . 

" I'm an incurable optimist," he administrat:on "found some 
said . work-study money with which we 

Highest Priority can help the grad stud~ts next 
Reference was made to the year. But it's only a one-shot 

situation of graduate stl.!dent . deaL" 
teaching assistants at UCSD, and He added that the University 
Saxon was asked what was being' , plan now calls for the reduction 
done to help them. He com· of the student-tea her ratio over a 
mented that he had put together three 'Year period, with a 40:1 
a program last year concerning ratio as the goal. 
TAs an.d added that it was a very Strengths of a University 
important issue. Before the meeti ng ended, 

"The highest priority is to bring Saxon found time to praise UCSD 
UCSD's student-teacher ratio for the excellence of its students 
down to the level of Berkeley and and faculty, and to deny that any 
UCLA--that is, about 40: 1." (The campuses that currently have 
ratio of students to teachers at undergraduates enrolled would 
UCSD is currently 53:1.1 switch to graduate schools only. 

He wou Id not deta i I hi s "One of the strengths of a 
program . university is the midure of grads 

.After the press conference, 
Chancellor McElrov said the Continued on Page 11 

Graduate Student Protest. . . Overseer Meeting. e • 
Continued from page '3 

" We are willing however, to 
meet with you and confer with 
you in the next half-hour . If you 
refuse, the GSU of this campus 
wants to inform you that we will 
continue to organize, continue to 
gather support, and that we'll 
thi nk about a response to your 
refusa l of meeting with us ." 

McElroy answered - the 
students, "On behalf of UCSD, I 
refuse to meet with you . Now 
good-bye, thank you ." 
. After leaving the meeting, one 
CSU spokesman said, "I think a 
lot has been accomplished today. 
I think the maximum has been 
accomplished ." He urged the 
graduate students to attend the 
GSU meeting to be held Tuesday 
at 7 pm in USB 2722. 

Best Conditions 

In an interview with the Triton 
Times early Wednesday , Vice-
Chancellor of Graduate Studies 
Roy Pearce explained that the 

WORK FOR THE 
BOY OF TODAY. 

BUILD THE MAN 
OF TOMORROW. 
Salesians of St. John Bosco work 
with youth in boys clubs, techni-
cal and academic high schools, 
guidance centers, summer camps, 
orphanages, hostels, etc. 
Salesians also conduct world wide 
missions, parishes, retreats, pub-
lishing houses and film centers. 
PREVENT DE LlNQUENCY 

THROUGH ... 
REASON, RELIGION lie 
KINDNESS. 
......................... , 

Send tnls coupOn to: 
Father Larry Byrne, S.D,B. 
SALESIANS 
666 Filbert St. 
Sen Francisco, CA 94133 
I am interested in the 

PriesthOOd 0 
Brotherhood 0 

NAME ___ _ AGE _ 
ADORE5·~5 ____________ _ 

ClTy _______ _ 

ZIP' ___ PHONE ____ _ 

GSU negotiating committee met 
with McElroy, Vice-<:hancellor for 
Business, Bernard S\sco, Saitman, 
and himself, and assistant 
chancellor Dave Ryer, that 
morning . 

"From my point of view, I am 
concerned, and so is the 
Chancellor, with achieving the 
best conditions for TAs that we 
can," said Pierce. 

"The problem is simply that the 
governors cut out of the UC 
Regents budget the growth 
augmentation of TA-Ships ." 

At the present time, TA'- ships 
are ratioed at one TA to 52 
students. At Berkeley the ratio is 
one to 40. UCSD hopes to reach 
Berkeley's level within three 
years . 

The governor , however, 

allocated- money for a smaller 
number of TA-5hips . 

The CSU has been given a desk 
in the graduate studies office by 
Pierce as a communication link 
between the Union and the 
administration . In addition Pierce 
has given the CSU a secretary to 
schedule meetings for them . 

"All of us agree that, yes, we 
should be able to support 
graduate students at this level. 
We should be able to define their 
T A roles and apprenticeship roles. 
We all agree to the goals, but the 
big problem is to find the 
money," said Pierce. 

Sisco said the demonstration 
should "have some affect on GSU 
demands, as should the fact that 
McElroy met with their leaders 
this morning." 

~~~~~UD""'~~~~~~&:. 
~ . . UCSD: EUROPE '75 fi 
E CHAR TER FLIGHTS ~ 

~ STILL OPEN ~ 

,~ 73 deys i~;~;: ' ~:i:;.:!: i:: ~g! M60'00!~ B3 deys June 22 LA/Perls TlA DC.. MfiO.oo 
S.pt 12 P.rls/LA TIA DC-10 

~ 62 d.ys July ~ LA/Peris TIA DC-8 MIO.oo. Aug. 28 Pe,ls/LA TIA DC.. 48 ~ 2!1 deys Aug. 03 LA/ Pe,ls TlA DC-. "".00 Sept 01 Perls/LA TlA DC·10 
~ 34 deys Aug. 12 LA/ M.drld TIA DC-8 MIlO 00 ! 
,

'- Sept 15 Perls/LA TIA DC·l0 . ~ 
on. W'Y Sept 01 LA/Peri. TIA DC .. _ _ • . 00 

Jun.30 LA/Pepe.te UTA *372.00 
TAHITI: July 13 P.peet~LA UTA ~ For UCSD students. fllCulty. steff end their • 

, 

immedietefemlll... ~ 
Contact: Student Services W .. t T, ... ~I Office ~a 

UCSD Intarn.tlon Center .2-0130 
Op.n: 11.m to 4 pm Mon. Wed, Fri 
~ t.m to 1 pm Tu .. & Thu", C! 
jft~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Continued from page 3 

him . The grads refused. 
After each refusal , the. 

rhetoric flew outside, the yelling 
started again, the Overseers 
began to aS~l:IeStion s inSide. In 
loud voices that strained . 

Finally, a spokeswoman for 
the GSU entered, with a phalanx 
of supporters . "We demand to 
meet with Saxon and McElroy 
immediately." 

McElroy -- who had been 
cioi ng most of the talking; 
Saxon, after ali , isn't President 
yet, they both said -- with the 
Overseers and his administrators 
and the new, powerful President 
watching him, and possibly, for 
a moment, remembering the 
1960s and what University 

preSIdents and chancellors 
learned about confrontation 
politiCS, said, "On behalf of 
UCSD, I refuse to meet wi th 
you . Coodbye." 

And the grad students left, 
and a few jokes flew around 
Conference Room A, and the 
exaggerated laughter rang . 

And Overseer Crant Sharp, a 
retired Navy admiral and now a 
consultant for the Teledyne-
Ryan company, asked President-
designate Saxon whether he 
thought University students are 
being trained toward socialism, 
away from free enterprise. He 
asked if perhaps students are 
not being exposed to a balanced 
phi losophy, and if they are 
forgetting that ours is the "best 
system in the world " 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

~ OFFERING 
~£~S N1kON ~O~S S~re~S 

COLOR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 
PENTAX, OLYMPUS, ct KONICA CAMERAS ct LENSES 

LA.RGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 
INCLUDING 

KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 
SALES-SERVICE-TRADES-REPAIR 

DISCOUNT PRICES 
BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 

7717 FAY AVE 
459-7355 

Tuesday, May 27 

COME TOTHE CO-OP 
VOTiNG ON EXTERNAl AffAiRS CO-ORdiNATOR, 

NOMiNATioNS fOR BRC POSiTioNS. PRESENTATioNS 
by All CO-ORdiNATORS. 



, 

'Alphabet/Good Hllmor' by O/tJe"bllrg 

SOFT CONTACT LENSES 
Person. are needed for partiCipation In In ... tlgatlng 

clNnlng agent. for u.e with SOFT CONTACT LENSES. 
_.axemlnatlonl .oft contact len.e., and c.re-klt will be 

_Ided at approximately co.t to the patient. The 
re ... rch will require ~. more time than I. u.ually 
necesury for proper fitting and follow-up c.re of the 
patient during the ...,tatlon period. Int ..... ted ~raon. 
pl .. e c.lI 272·2211. The project I. IImted to the flrat 50 
apptc.nt •. 
~ ~ 

BE:! VP .& .TOB. 
Spring Ski SQle 

All new clothing and skiis 
at rock~bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENUE 
4~4-141 ~ 

---------.. _--------------------Rolling 201: HOW TO ROLL BETTER 
Required T .. lbookltl: .1 wider Prof. E. Z. JIY 
1. 

Fold the paper (oppro, l/o .) Illh. end Ihlt 
Isn't gummed. Sprinkle tobacco Into this 
fold. Put more al the end, than In the mkj.. 
die Close the paper over the tobacco. But 
don'll"ck H In bock ollhe lobacco IuS! yol 

3. 
Spin lhe 101> <:CO by sliding lhe peper back 
Ind fanh • m.mber Of tim .. 

5. 

2. 
Hold both halves altha paper, cladllng ,,.. 
lobacco Inside With your thumbs closeilio 
you and your second and third linger, In 
back. 

4. 
Whtn the tobaCco is Ih.ped .nd pICked : 
pinch the tobacco and the paper at the ctn. 
ler so thlt when you start to roll , the p.per 
¥till guide Itsetf around the tobacco. 

I Roll 11\0 elO<rlllo IJg/IUy. beginninQ II lhe LICk lhe gummed edge elooed Trlm_ I cen'Ir. and by pUlltng. wot'k)'OUr IIl"Ioe" oul 10Neco hom the end. The clg.relle i. now I 10 11\0 IndO ready 10 smoke 
II Tltis C:OUrM It open to both begtnnlng and Idv'an-Ced----:------" 

.. udeIllt 01 hind-rOIled ci9a,en ... Emp/talls Is on I .. sIer, betllr roiling via lite use 01 E-Z Wider I doubII-wlclth rOIlIng pepe ... The coune tltpOlesthe 
I lliNd ......... 01 convenllonal roiling prtClices such • sticking two regular ptlptlS togellter 10 roll one I 1IIIOk1. Studenlt wlilleem IhIIthere It no ben" 
I IIU"'"*' P8I* m~ than E·Z Wieler. .. r"Ix" 1>11'10" .,~. h,I ... 
•••••••• _._--. CIIIMd ____ ._. __ _ 

Trltonnm .. 

I~ 
by Eliubeth Chiment 

St~ff Writer 

Believe it or not, having the job 
of writing this article has it 
be~fits . 

For instance, I am invited to all 
kinds of interesting affairs dealing 
with the world of art--champagne 
previews, "invite-only" chats with 
the artists ... all kinds of things . I 
attended one such event Wed-
nesday night, the opening of the 
new show at the La Jolla Museum 
of Contemporary Art entitled 
"Recent Acquisitions 1973-1975." 
The show is composed of just 
what the title suggests, and from 
what I have seen of it, it proves to 
be a beautiful , multi -media 
presentation . 

The exhibition, which includes 
works from the 1960s through 
1975, will open to the public 
tomorrow, and continue through 
June 22. 

Aart-Vark 
La JoU. Colledion 

The Mandeville center has 
opened a new exhibition in its 
gallery of contemporary graphics 
from the collection of the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art. 
Represented artists include Roy 
Lichtenstein, Robert 
Rauschenberg, and Ed Moses. 
(See review, this page .) The 
exhibition will continue through 
June 6. Gallery hours are Sunday 
through Friday, 12-5. 

Through June 7 at the Triad 
Callery you will find an all 
member exhibit. Triad has been 
open for two years at the India 
Street Art Colony. It is well known 
for its contemporary art in all 
media created by 20 artist 
members. Most of these artists 
reside in the 'San Diego area, and 
much of their work has been 
exhibited throughout the US and 
other parts of the world . 

Young art in action is the 
theme of a major exhibition now 

Friday, May 23, 1975 

Also in Balboa Park, at the 
Museum of Man, is a beautiful 
display of basketry of the 
Hambukushu tribe of Botswana; a 
rare, exquisite show. 

M.Hel1 of Choice 
The Southeast Community 

Theatre, a member of Combo, 
will present M.Hers of Choice by 
Don Evans at the Casa Del Prado 
in Balboa Park , today ,and 
tomorrow at 8:00 pm and May 25 
at 7 pm . 

M~Hers of Choice is a con-
temporary play portraying the 
lives of two black families caught 
in the frustration and conflicts of 
living in a large metropolitan city 
during the uncertain seventies . 

Selected multi -media will be at the Fine Arts Gallery in Balboa 
represented in the show ranging Park, continuing through June 15. 
from Arman's S~II Concrete The all media-exhibition is 
Concerto to Claes Oldenburg's composed of 175 works, in-
1975 sculpture, Alph.bet/Gooci cluding group projects , 
Humor. The exhibition is free and ' representing nearly 200 students 
open to the public and can be from the elementary and 
viewed during regular Museum secondary San Diego City 
hours. Schools . 

The play will be directed by 
Floyd Gaffney, professor of 
drama at UCSD. Gaffney in the 
past has directed two Old Globe 
productions, Ceremonies In Da'" 
Old Men and his most recent 
assignment, Eugene Jnpesco's 
MaCH". His UCSD credits in-
clude fugard/s Blood Knot; Ed 
Bullins' CI~ra/. Ole Man; Douglas 
Turner Ward's Day of Absence, 
and Charles Cordone's No Piece 
To Be Somebody. Tickets can be 
obtail1ed at student center box 
office. 

Terrie 

Scriabin 
Concert 
on Sunday 

The Sight and Sound of 
Scriabin will be explored by 
pianist Cecil Lytle and dancer 
Terrie Reeves, Sunday at 8 pm in 
the Mandeville auditorium . 

Scriabin, born in 1872, a link 
between the Romantic period and 
the 20th century anticipated the 
concept of a mixed media 
concert. He conceived an in-
strument that not only produced 
piano sounds, but also emitted 
colored lights and various scents 
when i t was played . To 
music/light/ smell , movement is a 

Continued on Pale 8 

That's all for now ... cheers! 

Contemporary Art Exhibit 
On till June 6 at Me 

• 

by Lorinl Spider 
Staff Writer 

About two weeks ago, the Visual Arts Department opened (sans 
fanfare) a show of contemporary graphics they borrowed from the La 
J911a Museum of Contemporary Art. The show will continue until June 
6 in the Mandeville Center Art Callery, Sunday throUgh Friday, 12 to 5 
pm. The show presents works by Roy lichtenstein, Frank Stella, Robert 
Rauschenburg, and Sam Francis among others . 

I went to the show opening day, and immediately recognized most 
of the works as the subjects of many reviews and articles I had read in 
the last several years. That presented me with a problem . What does 
one say about something that has had most everything said about it? I 
could just resay it all (but that would require re-reading, i.e. work), or I 
thought maybe it would be keen (best word for it) to just supply you 
with a bibliography (but there are a few of you out there who dOfl't 
keep your back issues of the New York Times, ArtNews, etc .). So I did 
the next best thing, nothing. But after two weeks of re-visits (good 
images), and recriminations (lazy bum), I ju~t had to write something. 
Here it is, a guided tour . 

Close Your Eyes 
When you walk in, close your eyes . The first piece that you don't see 

is the best, so save it for last. Walk all the way to the back of the gallery 
where the Rauchenburg lithographs are (if you can't find them, open 
your eyeS') . He has a whole series here that he produced to honor (in 
whatever manner you wish to take that) the Apollo space mission 
(don't be fooled by the fact the Gemini lithography Press pulled these 
pieces -this is really the Apollo moon shot). Rauschenburg prints are 
really strange . You could literally spend hours studying them and 
finally come to the realization that you have been wasting your time. 
However, there are several good and humorous images there, but 
unless you are really into lithography, the scrawling, scratching and 
miscellaneous lines will remain precisely that. 

After the Rauchenburgs , do an about-face. Across the way is Roy 
lichtenstein's Cathedral suite . Don't go any closer - this is as good as 
they get. But since you're half the way there, you might take a look at 

Continued on P~le 9 

What 
Are the Muir O .. n'l Intems 

They're .tudents [like you) who work with the 
Muir College Dean on proJect. of their choo.lng. 
They glt a new viewpoint on whet an ad-
mlnl.trator'. life I. like, and get paid for doing It. 

Who 
Are the Mair 0 ... '. 1m.,... 

You could be. Pick up a refemtl from Student 
Employment Ind fill out an application In the 
Dean'. Offlc., 2125 HaSS a •• oon a. pos.lble. 
Interview •• tart Immedlltely. For more Info, c.lI 
x3587 or come by the office and talk to Abe, 
MiChelle, Scott, Vlrglnl., or Yvonne, thl. y"r" 
Int.m •. 

WOk OF WEEk 
Crystal Shrimp 

and 
TaiGai Pan 

BEST 
M'\NDARIN 

lUISINE 
DIn#tw '*'-: Mon-"'" ~,. 

",-,.,~" 
.. CioMd 
....... ., 

Coelltaih 
Beer and Wine SenIed 

10 .... Discounl "'ith 
UCSOse .... tIO 

AMPL~ PARkiNG • 
459·9142 

5771 L. lolla Blvd. 

Friday, May 23, 1975 Triton Times Page nine 

Concert Scene 

Beck, McLaughlin to Play Thursday 

Jeff Beck. 

by Larry Deckel 
Arts Editor 

I don' t mean to toot my own 
horn, but let me give you an idea 
how this column comes to be 
each week . 

Being a newspaper office, most 
people wanting publicity tend to 
come by here and give us all sorts 
of information about what is 
happening and how our readers 
are dyi ng to know about their 
particular event. From the 
thousands of pounds of paper-
work that hit my desk each week, 
I try to compile a weekly column 
of what's happening on the 
popular music scene. 

This week, however, it seems 
that most of the concerts are 
going on behind my back . Where 
I 'm normally flooded with 
biographies, past reviews, photos 
and what-have-you of the groups 
performing in concert on a given 
week , this week, the majority of 
what's happening I've heard 
about by word of mouth. 

Anyway, if I seem devoid of 
background information this 
week .. . you' li at least know why . 

Tonight, at the Civic Theatre, 
The Crusaders perform at 8 :00 
pm. Their advertising suggests 
they are back by popular 
demand. 

This weekend , a new 
promotIonal agency. CalifornIa 

Contemporary Art. 
Continued from Page_8 . 

the little battles that his dots wage in order to gam control of the 
Image. To your left is a series by Ed Moses which is more than 
remmiscient of the u ndecypherable floor plans of the MandeVIlle 
Center itself (TT March 5). 

On the far wall (have you opened your eyes yet?), is Billy AI 
Bengston's Dracula prints . This series displays :w:hat I consider to be the 
best use of the subtle gradations and tonalItIes of the lithographIC 
process (but unfortunately, not a great deal of it). It is worth your tIme 
to study them . 

Around the corner are a couple of pieces by Sam Francis that really 
say, " Sam Francis " 

Stella 
Now, across the way, is the Frank Stella that I saved for the last (did 

you peek?) . But first in the way ofa buildup : 
When I was between my BA and my MFA (that indeterminate period 

of time marked by a growing psychic burden, intensifying frenzied 
activity and finally climaxed by the orgasmal presentation of my 
Mas ters Show), I met a dude (fellow artist) who was suffering from the 
Lee Ward's Syndrome (inspirational constipation) and unfortunately 
for him (he believed in high altruistic ideals and metaphYSIcal in-
spiration), it was terminal. But the guy was a fantastic !echnician, a 
craftsman without peer . So, when he used to ask, "Where do you get 
your ideas?," we (I wasn't alone) used to giv~ him some; it is very 
gratifying to see your ideas executed WIth technical perfectIon . 

But after several months of having our works by him critiqued better 
than our works by us , we backed off and started telling him that we got 
our ideas by mail order out of New York ('HMMM?" he said) , 

The nellt thing we knew, he had opened a warehouse in Costa Mesa, 
and was turning out Frank Stella's west coast painting commiSSIons 
from plans mailed to him from New york . The point of this story .is that 
Frank Stella is missillg two fingers on one hand and smokes stogIes (or 
is that Jasper Johns - I really can't remember, but .it still makes a good 
line) , Strike the last sentence and .insert that Frank Stella IS an artIst of 

Continued on Pale 1-1 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK. 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.·Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed liun. 

233-5481 

Sunday EPISCOPAL 
Services In Area 

UC.D EPISCOPALIANS 12:311., 
Unlv. Lut ..... n Ch, 
_ LA! Jon. .hOrII Dr. 
Fr. J_h You", ph. _,,14 
0000 IlAMARITAN (m_ .t 

Sch.1 
2140 ...,..Iom, Univlrwlty City 
•• net 10 a.m . ••.• . -.••••• , 
ST. JAME. 'Y·THE-'EA 
741 PfOIPMt .t. LA! J ... 
7:., ......... 11 .... '. " 
IT. PITIR" 
1 P ..... u .... 011 M., 
........ -111_1. " 

Festival Presentations presents 
their first 1975 "Freebie" concert, 
featuring Bootleg, Listen and 
lumbalayah. The free outdoor 
concert takes place at the Balboa 
Park Bowl , Saturday at 1 pm. 

I only fou nd out about it 
because of a personal in the TT 
bu t America is playi ng at the 
Sports Arena on Monday night. 
Their box office said Captain 
would open the show. Who's 
that? 

The Side Door at least keeps 
me posted on their Wednesday 
shows. This week's free concert 
features The Rising Sons. Their 
promotion indicates that the 
group needs no introduction to 
UCSD-their jazz/ rock round is 
familiar to all. 

And finally, one show I can 
mention with some confidence--
Jeff Beck/Mahavishnu Orchestra 
at the Sports Arena Thursday . 

Jeff Beck's path to fame started 
when Eric Clapton left the Yard-
birds. The group at the time 
England's premier blues band, 
needed a new lead guitarist, and 
Jeff Beck was their man . Under 
Beck's inf luence, the Yardbirds 
became a figurehead of the 
psychedelic music movement, 
and the idea of electric guitar 
took on new proportions . 

Beck eventually went solo and 
formed The Jeff Beck Group, 
whIch broke up after a short but 

Scriabin ... 
Continued from Page 9 

natural adiunct. 

Sunday's concert attempts to 
realize the sound, light and 
movement envis ioned by Scriabin 
as represented in works for piano 
from various periods in his career. 

Lytle will playa selection of 
preludes from Opus 11 , 12, and 
13; the Fifth Sonata, Five Last 
Preludes and the Ninth Sonata 
accompanied by Terrie Reeves' 
dancing. 

Lytle, proficient i n both 
classical and jazz music, has 
toured the country profeSSionally 
as piano solist with symphony 
orchestras and chamber en-
sembles . As a faculty member of 
the UCSD music department, he 
has established a jazz ensemble 
and a gospel choir which per-
forms frequently in the com-
munity . 

Terrie Reeves teaches ballet at 
UCSD and at the San Diego 
Conservatory of the Arts . She has 
danced professionally in art 
centers of Oregon, Utah and 
Colorado, among others , 

lively run . Beck wound up sitting 
in with Vanilla Fudge for a gig 
one day, and enjoyed himself so 
much that he convinced their 
drummer and bassist to split and 
Beck, Bogart and Appice become 
the new Cream-styled 
supergroup . 

Anyway, to keep a long story 
short, Beck had an accident, 
stopped playing long enough to 
lose another group, and formed 
yet another Jeff Beck Croup after 
that. And group after group and 
record after record until we have 
the Jeff Beck of today . His most 

UNWANTED 
PRECNANCY? 
rt!l@@@ l}{k~~W-' '" ~@~~ 

~~@Q~~'i1 ~ 
Women's 

Medical Clinic 
1 && Wells Street 
EI Cajon, Calif. 

recent album was all in-
strumental, encompassing just 
about every mode of guitar ex-
pression possible. 

As for the Mahavishnu Or-
ches tra, the band went through 
considerable changes after the 
split not too long ago, but all 
indications are that the band is at 
its peak potency now. With 
violinist John Luc Ponty (former 
Zappa sideman) and others , the 
group has taken on a funky side 
of progressivism and sounds 
tighter than ever. 

The Sports Arena concert 
should be a blast. 

The Plebian 
Indian Arts 

American Indian Jewelry 
The Perfect Gift 
for GraduatIon 

Custom Silverwork and Repairs 

454-1888 
834 t-.lme, La lolla 

Deeide Who Will 
Represent YOU! ! 

Vote lor y 'our R~(;A Representatlv s 



Pal8~ . Triton Tim .. 

EI Ch nko Scraps Untitled XII, 
3·1; J st An.other Game for Chunko 

by Dave Eisen anything possible to stop Cannis and his team-
St~ff Writer mates. Robinson had just a stick and baseball mitt 

Contrary to what most hockey fans believe, there to defend himself, and he did a commendable job 
are now two Bobby Hulls . One is the famous - (s.ome fans In the spectator-packed rec gym called 
Winnipeg Jet center in the World Hockey hll~ lucky, but he appeared to kn?w what he was 
Association, and the other uses an alias of Jeff dOing) . Kelly Hudson s second period goal was the 
Cannis and plays center for EI Chunko in the lester only one to alude. hIm. 
Patrick League. Chunko in B~sement 

The Lester Patrick league isn't yet on the pro While EI Chunko is now &-0, Untitled XII is in the 
level , but it is among the top of the Intramural basement, with a 1-5 record. With four TT members 
Department's coed indoor hockey leagues. on the squad, this is quite understandable, although 

Hull-Like secretary-defensewor>1an Kathy Coxe managed to 
Cannis actually doesn' t resemble Hull in ap- get her stick on the puck quite regularly . Mark 

pea rance, but does handle a hockey stick in a style Stadler and Anne Liebler slept for most of the 36 
much like the WHA All-star . Cannis presently leads minutes 6f play . The whole Untitled XII squad 
both the coed and men's leagues in goals, instilling appeared to have trouble with the physical EI 
fear in the hearts of all opposing goalies. It was Chunko team, notably Kerry Dunn. 
poor Paul Wagner's turn to face Cannis Wednesday I n general, indoor hockey on both the men's and 
night and he didn' t have too much luck, giving up a coed levels has been immensely popular, with a 
pair to him as unbeaten EI Chunko whipped Un- record number of players coming out this quarter. It 
titled XII 3-1 . is exciting for both the players, who get to try a 

It was just the same old story for Cannis and his difficult, tiring, unusual game, and the fans, who 
teammates. In seven shots, Cannis hit the post get to yell at the players. 
twice, rifled in a slap shot in the first period and The players use regulatton hockey sticks with a 
scored on a backhand in the second. Corky Hull got plastic blade, and use most of the basic rules, using 
the third goal, tipping it in after Wagner failed to the whole gym as a rink . The action is constant, and 
clear another Cannis shot. EI Chunko's goalkeeper everyone involved has fun as they play Wednesday 
Kirk Robinson picked up another victory, as his and Friday nights. 
team warmed up for the playoffs . The only problem is that with the exception of 

The two goalies had completely different styles. Cannis and a few others, the chances of being 
Wagner was dressed up in pads, gloves, and sterling rewarded for their efforts by being inducted into 
whi te mask, all presumably picked up from the San the Hockey Hall of Fame is quite slim. And isn't that 
piego Mariners. He jumped and dived, doing what all hockey players strive for? 

AVBBAGB 
.BITBBARD 

REFUND 
For tickets purchased at the Ticket Center Box Office 
Deadline Extended until. May 30 

Box Office hours: Noon • 4:30, Tues. - Fri. 

THBBES 

The 
, 

Sl 

an integr4ted gr Ie program with 
speciali zations- in the fields of Business, 

~ 

Edu cational , ~rivironmental , and Public 

r jnfo~n write or phone: 

Graduate School of Adminis tration 
University of Cali fornia, Riversi de 92502 

(714) 787 .. 4554 

F riday, )fay 23, 1975 

Sp 
Fitness CI u b Created by 
Phys Ed Department 

UC San Diego students and 
faculty members need a new 
outlook toward recreation and 
work . A new organization, the 
UCSD Fitness Club, created , 
endorsed and supervised by 
the PE department, will attempt 
to provide a take off pOint for 
such a new outlook . 

Med ical researchers have 
concluded that the average 
person has reached the height of 
his physical peak and starts to 
decline by the age of 24, meaning 
that the average person begins to 
lose the capacity for physical 
activity at a startlIngly early age. 
This early decline can be at-
tributed to the fact that we start 
losing contact with regular 
exercise about the time we settle 
into our professional careers . 
Many people here at UCSD admit 
to not getting any exercise, to not 
having fun if they do exercise, or 
to not being capable of doing 
exercise. Although most people 
know they are apathetic and feel 
guilty about it, they spend great 
quantities of time studying or 
more often worrying about 
studying, and become convinced 
that they cannot spare the time 
to exerc ise. 

New Outlook 
A new outlook could ease these 

problems. There are activities 
that are exci ting, challenging, 

cIIa'ton 
/ftwefe. u & 

. § lft1. 
(!uj,tom (!~tin9 

§o~~ufu 
.:8ulJl!.umufu 

/ftwl!.f't.!1 a.nd 'Watch 
tepai.'t.ing 

Special : Sterling and 
Gold Filled Pinky Rings 

52.95 to 54.95 
DIAMONDS ENGRAVING 

STON E SETTING 
937 Grand Ave. 

12:00 t05:00 

STUDENTS ~~~ ~~~L. 
DISCOUNT TICI£TS 

otb globr tbratre 
_II 

Conc.IWld 1M Or/liNU, O'ftded br' John. 
Mlchl., r.MI,k • M&lSlc 'nd New l,rics by 
St.ph." Schwartz • Ori.in.lI, Produced on 
~h:nc~:'iJ!:::tt .t::~&I:W Ed,., unsbuf,/S tuerl 

orENS MAY 21 
Bri~,nl w,I" t ... 101 Gf iii., thiS .nt.r 
n.hOft.1 musicaL hit burall with IPI""n. 
W'Outhfu/nu, .nd f,'rnM", optlmism- ,n 
"UHI,nl, '"t·nuwitt. '1M .,lIy b .. tm,nt of 
the PI'."'t. hOlr! St. M.nhew' , GOIPlI 

A,str .. ti.n,/ln'.tNlltotl 9 30 109:00 
T.It ... 239.2255 

Noon to alO ~m 
F,i .. s.t (n 
rUt . W.d lhul &. Sun h. 
s.t , Sun M.t 
STU DENTS (th,u CeMltl') 

fu • • W.d Tltur' Sun b. S.I , Sun Mil 
SENIOR CIlIZ(NS 1£0 .nd .... ) 

S.I , Sun ~.r On I, 
Group D.scoufth Av •• I.~I. 

PlrlOfrntd .t tht 

carttr crntr£ stagt 
.di""" to .tel I'. '"'tre 

b.11IOI pori 

create a relaxed approach to life, 
make a person feel good, and 
most of all, allow a person to 
become more accomplished on 
all fronts. This "new outlook," 
upon which the UCSD Fitness 
Club is based, is simple and it 
works . 

One aim of the club is to allow 
people to become aware of their 
physical condition as we ll as their 
general outlook towards living, 
and to improve it where 
necessary. 

A second aim is to make in-
teresting physical activities 
available to students and faculty 
and to allow people to gain 
expertise in sports or activities, 
which will in turn allow them to 
participate actively . 

Parcours 
The first project of the club will 

be the development of the UCSD 
Fitness Parcours, an exciting 
approach to exercise which 
blends relaxation, natural scenery 
and the basic components of 
fitness into one package . The 
Parcours is a route through the 
woods here on campus which can 
be walked , jogged or run, 
depending on one's goal. I twill 
have stations along the way 
where various exercises can be 
done. 

ThIS project has been mapped 
out and given a go ahead by both 
the archi tects and engi neers 
department and the University 

Continued from Pille 11 

NOW PLAYING THRU TUES . 
SHOWS AT 7:30·9:30 

LA PALOMA 
l ~1 &- '0 ' Sis 

[NC lNITAS ·7 5'\·1')';'; 

SHOWS ~T 7: '10-9: 10 

******** 
SPECIAL MIDNIGHT 

SHOW 
Frl & s.t N ight Mev 23,24 
Pink Flo.,d; C.pUlln Cellu· 

lold. Serlel 1 .. 2: 
• nd W.C. Field ahort 

f'riday , May 23, 1975 Triton Times 
13 Teams Next Year .' 

Women's Sports Growing 
While most budgets are being cut and deparf-

ments are, suffering, the UC San Diego women's 
intercollegiate program not only remains unaf-
fected, but continues to grow . The local womens' 
sports expert is Assis~nt Athletic Director Judy 
Sweet, who says, " Just about every women's team 
at UCSD will get an increase in money allottment 
for next year." 

The fou r teams being cut from the school's in-
tercollegiate budget are all considered "second" 
teams and tonsist of men only. The female program 
will grow to 13 teams , including si~ coed . One of 
the teams is new - women's sailing. All 13 will be 
more generously fi nanced during the 1975-76 
eason than ever before . 

St~ble Budlet 

The intercollegiate budget was neither added to 
nor cut for the upcoming year. The women's in-
crease is a result of the elimination of the four 
men's teams and possible revenue through the 
United States Title 9 program . The Title 9 program 
is essentially designed to provide equal treatment 
of women. Federal money is used toward this goal. 

The added money will make some things possible 
that the UCSD women have needed for the last 
couple of years . New uniforms will be purchased, 
full-time coaches will be hired for teams like 
women's crew and badminton, and other teams will 
get increased schedules that will include some road 
trips. Many teams, like field hockey, have been 
playing all games in the San Diego area. 

. "The women's program has just been in the 
growing stages," said Sweet. " They didn't get the 
full funding that the men got because we weren' t 
sure that the interest was there. They have now 
proven that there is a great amount of interest, so 
we will provide the money." 

Judy Sweet, assistant athletic director 
Equal Practice 

• 

The women will also get equal practice time. 
"Our department philosophy is now totally 
equitable toward all players - there will be no 
priority toward practice time in the gym or tennis 
courts, and the meal money for men and women 
will be the same ." 

Sweet says that the other athletic philosophy for 
which UCSD is famous - looking for as much 
participation as possible with victory secondary, -
is also true. "We have an outstanding program, and 
that's a main reason for it. In almost all cases, if a 
player wants to be on a team , there is a spot. We 
have more women's teams than any school in the 
area. and probably as many as any institution 
anywhere . " 

Many of the UCSD women's teams are relatively 
new. Field hockey will be in its second year, and 
badminton in its third . Sailing is just opening up 
Sweet sees this trend continuing for many years. 

"Women's athletics is undergoing a revolution, 
and the number of girls wanting to -9articipate is 
increasing. If this interest keeps up, and we can still 
get the funding, I can see a lot more teams coming 
toUCSD." 

Page eleven 

Collectiv~ Bargaining . .. 
Continued from P~Re 1 

Ray Fisher, Governor Brown's advisor on colloective bargaining, 
said the student amendment is too broad. He said stud!fnts need not 
be present during negotiations with non-academic employes like 
clerks and secretaries . 

Charles Cole: the consu ltant to the Assembly Committee On 
Public Employes and Retirement and DIxon's adVIsor on collective 
bargaining, said students should be protected under a mOre general 
amendment to allow for greater public participatIon in 
negotiations. He said, however, that Dixon would not try to strip his 
bill of the student proviSIOn 

Despite demands from clerical workers and teaching assistants at 
Berkeley, the student lobby has not offered an amendemnt to the 
bill to clarify the rights of student employes. Cole said such an 
amendment would receive "overwhelm ing opposition In the 
legislature " 

UC Student LobbYIst Jeffrey Hamerling said the lobby would 
block any attempts by the University to exclude student employes, 
but said the lobby wouldn 't at this tIme offer an amendment 
specifically protecting them. 

Morgenstern said \ that if the UniverSIty e~c1udes student em· 
ployes form negotiations, " it will be making a mockery out of 
.collective bargai ni ng." 

:'Theadministration will use students as cheap labor instead of 
hiring outside employes who could demand higher wages," he saId . 

He said students should not oppose collective bargaining out of 
fear that salary increases for employes would raise their tuition. 

Contemporary Art. . . 
Continued from page 9 

impeccable concept and immense technical abiltty, regardless 01 who 
he pays . 

- ~o now look at what he has done by employing the intensity of silk 
screening combined with the superior registering afforded by 
lithography. Here is a piece that displays the full range of his har-
monious color selection and curiously dimensional geometric design 
that one has come to expect of his paintings . An absorbing piece. 

And now. back to that line about ballast. For the past year, Moira 
Roth and Pat Baxter (the gallery crew of the S.S. Mandeville) have 
piloted the fantasti c effort that has produced a top deck series of 
exhibitions which have assured that the Mandeville has caught the t ide 
of the local art scene . Now, by avatling themselves of the local 
material, they have established a cruising speed that demonstrates that 
they also have excellent taste in ballast. 

Saxon. • • 
Continued from P~Re 7 

, If you're going to 
Europe, it may pay for you 

to go to Canada first. 
and under-grads," he said, "and I 
wouldn't want to change it. " 

A group of 15 pre·school 
children and three married 
students from the Day Care 
Center waited to speak to Saxon 
but had to leave before he 
arrived . They wanted to ask him 
for more state support for day 
care centers. 

Fitness CI u b 
Continued from Page 10 

Planning Committee . Other 
endeavors of the club will include 
fitness outings, bike trips, water 
sports, mountain climbing, hikes, 
picnics and the general pursuit 
and development of leisure 
reSOurces in this geographical 
area 

The most important goal of the 
club is to ensure that all people, 
regardless of their fitness have the 
opportunity to develop a healthy 
outlook and to participate in 
regular phYSIcal activity. In order 
to allow people to see what they 
are starting with in terms of their 
pre ent condition, a physical 
profile, including measurement 
of fat mass: flexibility , blood 
pressure, and vital lung capacity, 
will be run on any individual who 
desires it 

The first meeting of the UCSD 
Fitnes~ Club will be next Wed -
nesday at 4 pm in the conference 
room of the recreation gym . 

/ 

Support 
'IT Advertisers 

London Paris Frankfurt 
Mew York:;: - $465 $473 5479 

. 

Montrear $376 $384 5390 
. 

Toronto+ . $400 5408 5414 
San Franciscd: 

Vancouver + 

Minneapolis:;: 

Winnipeg + 
t Air Canada • U.S. rarnl'!', 

The chart ahove i. just a sample of 
how much Ie s it will cost with Air 
Canada' youth fares. All you have 
to do to qualify i prove you'r 12 to 
~1 years of age indu. ive (your pa -
port will do finel. reserve and l'onfirm 
. vour flight 5 days he fore departure. 
and leav(' from anyone of the 
Canadian cities m ntioned above. 

$665 $673 5679 
. 

5505 $513 5519 
$530 $538 5544 
5430 $438 \ 5444 
as well as other cities throughout 
Canada. 

The offer i effective June 1. 1975 
and i good for one year. The tickets 
can be bought in the U.S. 

There ar also comparable dis· 
count to Pr stwick, hannon . 
Munich, Copenhag n. Prague, Mos-
cow, Bru seL. Vi nna. and Zurich . 

\ 
So call your travel agent or Air 

Canada 4UJ leU \, ,)'VUI EtilvVt:c1II a' 
cation out right. By saving money. 

(Note: Fare ubjed to applirnble 
government tax{'s and to chang 
without notic(>.) 
AlRCANADAe 



'I 
PagetweJve 

COOP MEEnNO TUEI MlY 71 • Every 
Student Cen Vene 
··BRG final nomlnedone 
··Preeentetion by III Coordinators 
··Nomlnatlons for III Coordinators 
··Electlon of EXTERNAL AFFAIRS 
STATEWIDE COORDINATOR 111231 

TRANSCENDENTAL MEDITATORS: 
Advlnc.d meeting .nd group 
medltetlon, Revelle Informel Lounge 
Mon., 7 PM Joe Rieker. __ Or 2IG-
1840. (SIMSI lli/231 

PRE MEDS: Importent m •• ting • How 
to Fill Out AMCAS Applic.tlon ··2:30 
pm, Mon .. Jun. 2. MC 201 . DI.cu .. lon 
by Dr. Spoon.r, UCSD M.d School (1/21 

S.nior CI ... M •• ting . I.rg. conf. rm .• 
St. Cent.r. Tu ... M.y 27, noon. (1i/231 

activities 
Surf Club trip thi. weekend to Mexico. 
AlllnterHted. cIIi Mik. x2Ii23 or x2Il7. 
(1i/231 

for sale 

One body glove wetsult j.cket. sm. II & 
on. p.ir CI.rk Tr.k .hoes • • iz. 10. Both 
like n_. 469-4871 or 1126 HSS. (5/231 

YAMAHA RO·360. Bog ••• R.'ck & Box. 
Extr ... Sup.rbl 766·3536 Evening • . 
$70011 (5/231 

GOVERNMENT SCREW UPI New 
Milit.ry j.ck.t. . v.lulS to .100 
discounted to $25. D.n or Teres. 453-
6236. 256 Argo H.II (5 /231 
65 VW Bus Excellent Condition. N.w 
Engin • . New P.int. New Int.rlor. Mu.t 
5 ••. $1250 or b •• t offer. 276-1219. Le.ve 
n.m •• nd Numb.r (5/231 

YAMAHA 19n RD360 Good Condo N.w 
Clutch & Tune Up. Good Tires. $475.00 
488-38n. (5/231 
'n Yamaha 175 CT2 Good Condition. 
Bob 481-Onl (51 231 
E I.ctrophonic stereo 8-tr.ck. wI two 
P ione.r air susp.nslon sp •• ke,. . 
E xc.llent condition. Cost $120 sell $55. 
462·1895 (51 231 
MINOL TA ROKKOR LE NS 136 mm . 
f2.B. with c •••. One y •• r old. like new 
$106.00. Ron. x3319. or 226-8369 .ft.r 
5: 00. (51 231 

AMERICA Conc.rt R ••• rv.d Front 
Raw on·the·floor Se.ta for Mon 51 26 
at SO Sports Aren •• ·8419 (51 231 

1961 Mercury V.ry F in. Condition 
Power Brk •• st •• ring. One Own.r $375 
464-1333 (51 21 
Martin 0 ·185 yrs. oIdl plywood c .. e 
x' nt condition. B.st off.r . 287·21188. 
(51 231 
LES PAUL copy·Crown. Exc.lI.nt condo 
w/ case. Brown .unburst. Paid $230. 
asking $l75/ Be.t off.r. 452·Bl62·Mark. 
(5/231 

YARD SALEI Ampax c .... n r.corder. 
9ICS tent. vacuum cleaner. furnltur • • 
cloth ••• book., housew.res ... Sat/ Sun 
10-6. 8009 Pa.eo del Ocuo. (5/231 
OOKORDER 7O!iO. six he. d.. auto 
reverse, ech). 80undonsound. r.cords 
both dlr.ctl Jn~ • •• If contaln.d amp. 
n •• d $ • 3OO/., .. t off.r. BRIAN 452·9848 
(5/301 
ORIENTAL FUGS h.ndmade. different 
siz ••• CHEA"I Please call 286·3400 or 
282·2766 (5/2:J 

FREE KITTErIS, f.t and feisty . 298·1897 
(6/21 

87 TRIUMPk H RALD $500/offer St.ve 
459·239Ox403 N~ekd.ys (5/28) 
'64 Austin H.al .. ., Front and R.ar 
Bump.rs . • 'C. N •• d.d. "T" 453-9516 
(5/281 

% · ton truck . L.rge met.1 reck 
"ROSIE" Is vours fOr $700. Bill Cog.n .t 
453-4100x386 Or 453-4109 (pm) (5 /231 
YAMAHA 250. Rebuilt Eng. new tire, 
Ch.ln •• nd .procket • . • 360. Henely 3212 
H/L or 270·7988. (5 /231 

Triton Timer 

What's Happening 

UNDERGRADUATE PAINTING & 
SCULPTURE EXHllmON . Tu ... Mev 
27 ~7 pm ThN June 412-4 pm. Muir H & 
SS 11. 111231 

REVELLE NIGHT .t the PADRES! Set 
night MlY :M 7 pm tZ.00 Includee 1.t 
be .. loge .Nt. plu. free trenaportetlon 
from campu •. Tick ... It Rev .... RCS. 
DNn'. Office. 111231 

Ave .crNning. of 2 Shek"PNre film •• 
f,.. .nd open to everyone: King LNr. 
directed by Pet.r Brook. with Plul 
Scofi.ld .nd the Roy.1 Shek .. pear. 
ComPlny. Tu .... MlY 71. 7:30 pm. HL 
Aud; W.d .• MlY 28. 7 pm H&SS 22fiO. 
M.cb.th. dlr.ct.d by Romen Pol.n.ki. 
Thurs.. MIY 29. 10 AM. H&SS 1330; 
Thurs .• M.y 29 7 PM. H&SS 22fiO; Fri .• 
M.y 30, 7 PM. H&SS 22fiO. (6/281 
Philo.ophy Colloquium. Prof. Nel.on 
Pik.. UC Irvine. "My.tic Vi.lon ••• 
Source. of Knowledge," PL 1110. 
Tod.y.3 pm. (1i/231 

Two·d.y •• miner with the A.cend.d 
Maeters .nd Ellz.b.th Clare Proph.t. 
M.y 26. 28. Del Coron.do Hotel. "Th. 
Tree of Lif • . Th. Moth.r FI.m. 
Lib.rltlng the Soul Forc. .t the 
C hek rs • . " 756-Z333 (p6/230 

Fri. SAVIO WOO, ~. R_rch 
lloenlll_r, DIPt. of SUrgery, UCSD: 
An Int.rdl.cipllnlry Approlch to 
EVllultl the RigidIty of Internll 
Fixetion Pllte on Long Bone 
Rlmodellng. 2 pm Bli '-"/231 

Tonlte. 7:30 pm Prof. John I ... c •• Dlr. 
of Instltut. of M.rine Reeourc... In· 
tematlonel Center, "Mlrine Myth· 
conc.ption •. " (6/231 

Inform.tive relly on United Farm 
Work.re, todlY. noon, Third College 
PI.z • . (6/231 

S.t.: NEW NEW MUSIC 
Erick.on, G.orgl. Simon. 
R.citll H.II. M.nd.vill. Cent.r 8:30 pm 
(6/231 

Sun.: SCRIABIN CONCERT 
C.cil Lytl •• pi.no 
Aud. M.ndevill. C.nt.r 8:00 pm (5/231 

TUIL: ATOMIC CAFE 
Recltel H.II. M.nd.vlll. C.nt.r 8:00 pm 
(5/231 

Appllcatione lveillb.. In Muir DNn'1 
for mOlt Muir Coli .... & Cempu. Wide 
Commltt .... Deedllne Wed.l/a 11/231 

Appllcatlonl for Theell & DI ... rtetlon 
R •••• rch Gr.nt. from r.gi.t.red 
graduete ItUdente due M.y 30. S_ 
your dept for Info. (11301 

Writing Tutors for Fill: Enroll in Llt/Gen 
194. heve 3.0 GPA. upper dlvl.ion . 1254 
HL or x2I22 for Info. (1111 

Appllcltlon. .vlllibl. for po.ltion of 
Muir Deln·. Int.rn. Only the first 40 
.ppliclnt. will b. intervl_.d. Muir 
D •• n·. Office for Info .nd Ipplic.tion. 
(5/281 

FRESHMEN. SOPHOMORES AND 
JUNIORS. Avi.tion 'Ntl In the N.vy 
.nd Air Forc. Ire difficult to obtain. 
RESERVE YOUR AVIATION SEAT 
NOW. CIII Lt. FRANK BUSH. USN 293-
6444 (116/61 

Chiclno undergrld. . intervi_. on 
your uperi.ncH h.r •• MC 507 • M.y 28 
t6 Jun. 6. PlY $6 for 2 hours. 452-41. 
for .ppointm.nt. (5/231 

Advertisements for Ourselves 
SONY C363 St.r.o TIPecord.r ••. 00 
Z.nith AMI FM Clock radio. $30.00 
Z.nith BIW Televi.ion " .00 All .Imo.t 
new . • ·,.. Ron orSu. (116/281 

TRIUMPH SPITFIRE '87 good but n •• d. 
m.ch. r.p.ir. MOO.OO or b •• t off.r. 
Owner IHvlng country . .. ,.. Ron or 
Su.(p6/281 

Solid .. t.. .utom.tic redio, AMIFM 
tun.r wI 8 tr.ck tap. d.ck. $36. 
M.st.rwork Turntabl. w I ch.ng. fr ••. 
Gine272·5071 (1/111 

Qu.dr.flex 787 St.r.o R.c.iv.r 30 
w.n. rm. per chenn.1 . 2 RS5 
Sp •• k.,.. B.I .C. B.lt Oriv. 980. Stili in 
Box.s only 2 months old. Nev.r pl.yed. 
Pric.d to 5.11 • 4112·1612 for prlc •• nd 
d.tails .ft.r 6 pm (5/231 
STROMBERG· CARLSON 220 AMP· 
TUNER & G.rr.rd AT6 Turnt.bl. $90. 
TOW IMC·12 4 w.y sp •• ker.. .w $200 
(Cost $4001. 481·9674 (5/301 
HURCULES 10-.p •• d bik • . 26". N.w 
cu.tom ••• t . $40.00. 481·9574 (5/301 

73111 Hond. 360·4, low mil •• ge. roll· bar. 
highw.y pegs. brand new tir ••. rec.nt 
tun.·up, bell·st.r helmet. cover. .x· 
cell.nt cond .. $925/be.t off.r 4112-9513; 
Carlos/ Jeff. (5/281 

personals 
G.t your t •• th into som.thing Juicyl 
The Food CooP. BI.ke H.II (n.xt to the 
Ice re.m Hustl.rll0-4 d.lly (116/61 
HELP · while hitchhiking S.turd.y M.y 
17 I I.ft a p.ck.ge from " Judy." in a 
green car. Boy who pick.d m. & my 
husb.nd up in La Joli. by Bullys .nd I.t 
us off .t UCSD .round 6 was going out 
to e.t with p.r.nts from Arcadia. He 
was .n .ngine.ring major. Pleas. call 
Cathy · 436·5145 (Cardiffl collect. Very 
important to me. (5/281 
HEY RICHARD with the cactus in the 
window f.cing e •• t on the 5th floor of 
Tioga: your indiscretion while dr ... ing 
tuesday morning was delightful. 00 it 
.gain. Th. view from the c.feteria Is 
out of this world. W.nda & Lorraine. 
(5/281 
LISA & KATE, Wh.n does the m.ssage 
parlor op.n? (5/231 
Hubba Hubba. CHU BBA: Meet me at 2 
pm on Friday .t the usu.1 pl.c • . Your 
d.vot.d admir.r, LHJ. (5/231 
O.ar MISS Fourth Time Drunk on 
Snh'tilld Mountain. I'm In Love. Cute 
Bun (5/231 
Jim. who ar. vou? Karen. (5/231 
TOOTSIE ROLL · B. my baby tonight 
down .Iong the cov. KOOKIE (5/231 
Dear WARTY. You ' re the nicest auto 
rep.irman I·v. ev.r met. Thank. for 
baing my buddy · signed ... ONE OF THE 
GUYS. (5/231 
De.r Sh.ron. Earlv is bett.r th.n I.te, 
late is better th.n nev.r. n.v.r is no 
ben.r than nothing, which m.k.s no 
.ens •• t alII ANYWAY H.ppy. HIPPv 
Birthd.y to you. from m. M.Y. (5/231 

M.rk Li.k. i. THE BEST c.ndidlta for 
S.nior CII .. R.prH.ntative. (5/231 
A min with int.grity ... M.rk Li.k. for 
S.nior CI ••• R.prH.ntatlve. (5/231 

Squirm: Spic. my lifel Love. Jeln· 
Pi.rr. (5/231 

Ep.ilon Alph. B.ta Fr.t.rnlty ... Th.nks 
for the f.nta.tic party on S.turd.y 
nightlll e f.n. (5/231 

SCOT (in Argo 24111 ... You .till ow. me 
$4.96 for you· know·whetlill Amv (5/231 
D •• r.st Hot Fudg. (Who.ver You 
Ar.I ... 1 b.g of you. PLEASE MELT 
ME ... TruIY Yours. FOREVER (5/231 
UCSO .tudent· run d.ting servlc • • 
bned upon prof ... ional 
psychologic.lly·d.sign.d compatibility 
tests. Is now acc.pting memberehip 
.pplications. Money b.ck guarant.e .. 
INFO 454-8649 (6 /61 

Trav.ling companion to hitchhik. 
across U.S . wanted 452·8461 (5/231 

housing 
F.m.le roommate wented: Sept 
June. F urnl.hed. 3 .hort block. to L .J . 
Shores Be.ch. clo .. to UCSD bu •• 
fir.pl.ce. sm.1I y.rd. p .... O.k. Own 
room $145 or .h.r. $86 •• ch. Oi.n. 
4112·9779 (51 211 

Want.d . R oorn from Jun. 1·14 will 
help wI rent. B.rry -.e832 or 4112· 
9775. 
For Sale · T.nni. RlcQuet. Wilson T · 
2000 $20 (51 281 
Three fem.le. wented. four bdrm, two 
b. townhou ••. Av. ilable June 30 $75 & 
utiliti.s. 3 mil.s to school 452-0175 
(61 21 
F.male roommate wanted. own rOom 
$90. Includes. util. cabl. Tv. telephone 
So. Cla irmont. Big Yard. 275-0950 aft.r 
5. Randv or Diana (p5/30) 

Two famala non·smoker. looking for 
two rooms to rent for the summer. 
Pref.r North County. Deb . 756-3464. 
L.ave mes •• g • . (5/231 
Genessee Highland. townhouse, 
tast.fullv furnlsh.d 3 bdrm 1 1/2 bath. 2 
mile. from UCSD from July 1st 
$325/mo. 452·9642 (pS/21 

Ne.d femal') roommate to sh.re I.rg. 2 
bedroom condominium with 2 other 
girl. $95.00 mo. Re.lly nlc • . D.bble 452· 
9969 or Sue 481-0149 (5/281 
G.nlll.ee Hlg hlend. townhouse 2 
bdrm. 1 bath. 2 miles UCSD Jun. 15 
$250/mo (or two ah.rel452·&456 (116/21 
Sh.r. house for .umm.r. Jun. 15-F.II. 
Cardiff Lagoon $130 month. Pr.feuor. 
Grid stud.nt. MORF. 488-i746 Judy. 
(5/281 
Roomm.te need.d June 15. Non· 
.moker with pl.nta for 0.1 M.r Apt. 
with •• me. 7156·4369 (5/211 
2 m.le. to sher. room In condominium. 
for .umm.r only. $83 & utllltl ... N •• r 
UCSD. 462·t9114 (5 /231 

Femal. Roomm.t. w.nted to .here 
room in hou .. in 0.1 M.r . .. I mo. 
Mu.t p.rtlcipet. In Communal food 
plln. ph. 481 ·9014 (5/231 
Coupl. de.ir.d to Plrticlplt. In r.m· 
blind hou.d 
Coupl. to p.rticip.te in r.mbling 
hous • . W.' r. peopl. into craft •• glrd.n. 
mu.ic. w.t.r. OCNn vl.w in North 
Cardiff. $14O/mo. complet.. 436·3616 
Anytim • . (5/301 
3 roomm.te. need.d Jun. 1~$.pt. 15. 
Pllymoor Condominium, 2 mi. east of 
c.mpu • . $7S/mo. furni.h.d . 453·2549 
.ft.r 10 p. m. (5/301 

Need F.m.l. Roomm.te for n.xt v •• r . 
BNutiful 0.1 M.r Apt · 'h Blk from 
BNch . on Coa.t Crul.or Route 756-
7238 · Jo Ann (5/281 
F. Roomm.t •• w.nt.d to fill 5 BD 
hou •• furnish.d .nd nice. $86 • month. 
Ple.se c.II288-3400 Or 282·2766 (5/231 
F.II 75·F.m.l. roomm.te n.ed.d to 
share 1 br. apt. ne.r c.mpus. $95/mo. 
Nonsmok.r. S.ndy 452·9893. (5/281 
Room for R.nt: mid Jun.· Mid Sept. 
The g.rd.n i. growing. .os.. Ir. 
blooming: Ov.rlooks • lake. How.rd 
eve • . 743·1097. (5/28) 
For Rent: 1 B.droom .pt. Downtown 
S.n Oi.go from 6/15 . 9/ 15 $75 mo. 
FURNISHED 236-9193 Evening. 452·9962 
O.v • . (6/21 
F non.mok.r n.eds single room for 
summer .v.illbl. Jun. 1·16 in Playmor. 
La Joli. Vi.ta .rel 452·.7 Vicki (5/281 
Female roomm.t. n •• d.d Jun.15 · Sep 
15 own room. n.ar .chool. $98 or Ie .. & 
uti. Trov 462·0419; Holly/T. re 452.99n 
(5/28) 

wanted 
SCIENCE FICTION paperb.cks w.nted 
bv UCSD S .F. Club for don.tion to HL 
Lending Libr.ry. Call Con.n at 454·1023 
(p5/231 

We need color blind subj.cts for vision 
experiments which are about to begin. 
We will pay you to be inlti.llv tested 
and will give vou the r •• ults of vour 
color vision t.sts with no obligation. If 
yOU are the tvP' of color blind parson 
that we are looking fOr. vou c.n earn $2 
per hour by p.rticlpatlng in vision 
.xperiments which can .xtend over a 
period of many weeks if you choose. 
If vou are interested. pl •••• c.1I x3924 
Or stop by B566 in building 2C' 
(Psvchology Annexl (p6/231 

Speed Re.ders (500 wpm or morel 
wanted for Psych exp.nm.nts on 
reading. $l .88/ hr. Call x2542 (d.yl 436· 
4329 (eve). L •• v. name and phone no. 
Mark (5/231 
Chicano U nd.rgradu.te .tud.nt. are 
needed to perticipat. in •• tudv con· 
cernlng the expert.nc. of the Chicano 
in Higher Educ.tlon. Int.rvl.ws will b. 
h.ld It M.nh_s Clmpu. fi07 .tartlng 
W.ds MlY 28 through June 6. You will 
be peid $5.00 (.pprox. two hr • . 1 for vour 
tim.. Pl •••• c.1I to sch.dule In ap· 
pointm.nt .t your • .,Ii •• t convenience 
•• onlv 100 .tudents ar. needed. T.1. 
.462-414$. (p 5/301 

Friday. May 23.1975 

UCSD Catholic Council Iccaptlng 
nomlnetion. for June 1 "ection. Jim: 
412·_ 11/301 
GAY PHONE line. An outreach to the 
UCSD Gey community. Informltlon or 
iuet w.nt to telk1 C·.111111 

WRITING CLINIC · Help on .ny writing 
dlfflcultl... Com. to 1254 H·L or call 
452·21122 for In IPpOlntment. (1111 

SEX CLINIC: CounHllng on Sexuel 
Problem. . W.d. 3·1i pm; Revelll 
Counselors Offlc. (next to the R.v. 
Provo.t Offic.l . Judith Jorg.n.en, 
M.O.·Hugh P.t ... Ph.D (5/231 
Appllc.tion. .v.illble for Me .. 
RHld.nt Idvisor •. 4 po.ltlon •. Pick up 
ref.rral .t Stud.nt Employment Offlc. 
and bring it to R.velle Re.ld.nt D.ln·. 
Offic.. D •• dllne .. M.y 27. Appllclnt. 
must have b •• n RA.. MA.. P •• r Ad· 
visors. Or Int.rns. Any Qu .. tion.? Rick 
B.yer .t R.velle R .. ldent DNn (1i/231 
Applications .v.ilable for .ummer 
Re.ldent Advl.or Po.ltlona. 2 po.ition • . 
Get referr.1 .t Student Employm.nt 
Offic •• nd bring It to Revelle R .. ld.nt 
O •• n. D •• dlln.-- M.y 27. Any 
QUHtlon.1 M.ry Cox. Revell. R •• ld.nt 
O .. n. (5/231 

A u.ed Dorsllnd·. IlIu.tr.ted Medicil 
Dictionary. C.II Eve. '" __ 1142 (11/231 

eDUCATIONAL DIRECTOR 
Est.bli.h.d Ind.p.ndent J.wi.h 
SundlY .chool . Send r •• um.llnQuiry 
PO Box 26, La Joli. 92031 (p 5/231 
Used m.n.· blk • . Good condition. __ 
2891 Ip 5/231 

T.ach.r ESTABLISHED IN · 
DEPENDENT JEWISH Sunday .chool. 
Call J.nnlfer "unitt 481 · .... (p6/281 

Mark Allan Li.kl for S.nior CI ... 
R.pr ••• ntativ • . (5/231 
Want.d to Buv: Smlll GI. Log. P.ul 
aft.r 5 296-0998 around $11i. (5/281 

services , 
5 

Summ.r work b.ck E •• t . E.rn $2436. 
C.II459-066l. tlll lli 

RESEARCH AIDS · North Am·.ric.'s 
I.rge.t •• rvlce. For c.talogu. send $2 
to: E s •• v Servic.s. 57 Spldine #208, 
Toronto. Ont.rlo. C.n.d • . Also. 
campus r.pr ••• nt.tives r.Qulr.d . 
Pie ••• wr it • . 415·J116.e649 (1161 III 

Anvone Int.r •• t.d in information 
regarding purchl •• of I HANG 
GLIDE R or IHrning haw to fly . 
contact MichHI 756-'-' or Jim 4112· 
9776. (5/281 

TYPIST. Fist. Starting 41c p.r P.g.~ 
C.II R.ch.l.t463-1272 (5/231 
S.ve you,..1f soma mon.yl I'll r.p.ir 
your motorcycl •• nd te.ch yoU how to 
do it while I do it. Gr.g. 272·9932 .ft.r 6 
pm ' •• ve m •••• g • . (116/61 

travel -I 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL ORIENT. Low prices · long .nd 
short flights . Limited SP.C'. 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1_ 
Westwood Blvd. LA 90024 (2131 879·9121 
or4n·1162 (6 /61 
EUROPE· ISRAEL· AFRICA·ORIENT Low 
cost flights. tour •. the whol. stud.nt 
bit. At our office over 200 FREE non· 
commerci.1 p.mphl.ts. brochllrH ... big 
buck. s.vings ESTC 510 W. Sixth. Suit. 
318 LA. 90014 (2131623-2821 (116/61 
EUROPE · ISREAL· AFRICA Student 
flights Y.lr round. Cont.ct: 
ISCA 
11687 S.n Vic.nte Blvd. No. 4 
L.A. C.lif. 90049 
T.I: (2131828·5889.828-0956 (p6/111 
Charter & Regular .irlin. tick.t •. Phon 
459-4415 University Tr.vel 2241 Av • . 0 
La Plav • • L. Joll •. CI. (p6/30I$ 
EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTERS STIL 
OPEN · SSW Tr.vel Offlc • . On Campu 
Int' l Student 10. Eur.ll. Tripping . • tc 
UCSO Intern.tlonal Center. 4112·0130 
11.m-4pm Mon. W.d. Fri & 9.m·lp 
Tu.s & Thur • . (116/111 

SOUTH AMERICA & GALAPAGO 
ISLES 2·4 Month Experi.nc ... low· COl 
Brochure : NEW WORLD EDUCA 
TIONAL TRIPS P.O. BOX 2131 S.II 
C • . 13101 (pl/231 


