
Protester raising Khmer Rou~e flag over Revelle plaza dun'ng Fn'day rally. More than 200 
students heard presentations by jive speakers. [IT photo: Tad Sperry.] 
UC Profs Speak 

LiqUor in Faculty Clubs Opposed 
by Maura Dolan 

Sacramento Correspondent 

Two UC professors - recently 
told a Senate committee that 
campus facul ty clubs should not 
be li censed to sell liquor because 
faculty drinking sets a bad 
example for students. 

But the Senate committee on 
Governmental Organization is 
not expected to agree with the 
professors when a measure 
prohibiting the issuance of liquor 
licenses for on-campus facilities 
comes up for a vote today. 

The committee postponed 
voting on the measure last 
Tuesday because a quorum was 
not present. 

"Elder Learned Sage" Speaks 

" Educators should be seriously 
concerned about the example 
they set in their drinki ng patterns 
upon the youth of tender years 
who too often venerate an elder-
learned sage," said Professor 
Edward Rada from UCLA's School 
of Publi c Health. 

UC San Diego Associate 

Noted Fantasy Writer 
Bradbury to Speak 

Noted fantasy writer Ray Bradbury will lecture at UC San Diego at 
7:30 pm Thursday in the Mandeville auditorium. 

Bradbury will discuss his writings and ideas about the future of man 
and society. A discussion period moderated by Vice-chancellor for 
Academic Affairs Paul Saltman will follow the lecture. 

Bradbury has written more than 500 articles, stories, poems, plays 
and novels since his first short story was published in 1941 . 

Bradbury's stories have appeared in several editions of " Best 
American Short StOl'ies" and in the "0 Henry Prize Stories" of 1947 
and 1948. he won the Benjamin Franklin award for the best American 
magazine story in 1953. 

Bradbury's appearance at UCSD is sponsored by the Guest-in-
Residence Committee of Muir College. 

Tickets, at $ 1 for students and $2 for general admission, are available 
at the student center box office. 

Clinical Psychiatrist Louis 
Bozzetti , claiming that alcohol 
ha dangers similar to heroin's, 
aid, "It's critical that we as 

faculty not use alcohol on 
campus for the sake of our 
students ." 

The measure, introduced by 
Sen . Walter Stiern (0-
Bakersfield). would prevent 
public colleges from establishing 
on-campus facilities for the sale 
of alcohol. Campuses that already 
have clubs licensed to sell liquor 
would not be required to close 
them . 

Currently, no UC campus has a 
drinking facility for students, and 
UCLA and Irvine still do not have 
licensed faculty clubs . 

Rada cited unfavorable public 
image of the University, alcohol 's 
health hazards , University 
property damage caused by 
drunkeness and intoxicated 
professors in the classrooms as 
criti cal reasons to approve the 
measure. 

He said if faculty members are 
permitted to drink on campus 
students also will wan{ to drink 
and will open their own clubs . 

Student Lobby Support 

Joseph Hay, speaking for the 
state University students and the 
UC Student lobby, said that the 

Continued on Page 6 

Picket Celebrates Segregation Ruling 
by Charles Heimler 

News Editor 

Chanting " keep the buses rolling, " "desegregate 
Boston schools now" and "free Joan Little" over 100 
people, indudi ng UC San Diego student<, picketed 
Saturday before the Federal Building downtown in 
San Diego's participation in the NAACP-sponsored 
National March in Boston . 

Similar actions occurred throughout the country 
Saturday, commemorating the 21st anniversary of 
the US Supreme Court decision mandating in-
tegrated public schools. 

In Boston, Thomas Atkins, president of that city's 
NAACP, told a crowd estimated at 15,000, "We're 
going to say to Boston and through Boston to the 
rest of the world that segregation in public schools 
is dead. 'De.earephon Nationally Important 

Local leaders of the National Student COl}lmittee 
Against Racism (NSCAR) argue that the fight to 
desegregate Boston schools has ramifications in all 
US cities, where desegregat~on plans have con-
tinu .. lly met harrassment. 

" People all over the country understa nd what the 
people who have been stoning the buses un-

derstdnd . that what happens in Boston with re pect 
to school desegregation will set the pace for this 
country for at least the next decade, if not the next 
generation," reads a NSCAR release . 

Since school's opening in September, anti-
integration groups in Boston have resisted the 
court-ordered desegregation plan . Buses have been 
used to implement the order, and reports of stoning 
and attacking of the buses have been Widespread. 
Some claims have cited attempts by mobs to lynch 
individual blacks . 

Increased Busina Ordered 
ROAR- Restore Our Alienated Rights -- an anti-

busing organization -- held its first meeting 
Saturday in Boston . 

Last week, US Dist. Judge W. Arthur Garrity, Jr ., 
who issued the desegregation order, issued hi 
econd-phase desegreg;ation plan , calling for in-

creased busing for next fall . 
A rally followed the San Diego picket line that 

included speeches by Ken Msemajl of Nia and 
Sidney Glass of Project YES . 

In Lo Angeles Saturday, approximately 250 
people chanting " desegregate Los Angele , 
Pasadena and Boston school~ nowl" marched to 
Exposition Park followed by a rally 

US . Imperialism Hit in 
Rally Friday on Plaza 

by Mark Stadler 
Community Editor 

The rally held Friday afternoon 
to protest US military in-
tervention in the Mayaguez 
incident featured five speakers 
talking on Indochina, student 
protest and the university, an 
averted conflict with a pro-United 
Farmworkers (UFW) picket line, 
the raising of the Khmer Rouge 
flag over Revelle plaza and an 
appeal that the American flag 
replace It. 

The rally was held, according to 
Marco lIMandri , "because of 
what Ford and the Congress did in 
Cambodia and Thailand ." 
liMandri announced that the 
rally was being held by Students 
Against US Aggression (SA USA), a 
group with four stated objectives: 
a condemnat ion of the use of 
force in the Mayaguez incident, 
the complete removal of US 
forces from Indochina, American 
recognition of the new govern-
ments of Cambodia and South 
Vietnam and the right of self 
determination for all countries. 

Change War's History 

The first speaker, George 
Katsiaficas , after drawing a 
parallel between Cambodia and 
the Mayaguez and Ecuador and 
the tuna boats, said troops were 
sent to Cambodia and not to 
Ecuador because the US is trying 
to change the history of the war. 

Katsiaficas then traced the 
history of imperialism back to the 
si nking of the US battleship 
Maine at the outset of the 
Spanish-American war in 1898. 
America, he said, is a " white 
European settler nation," was 
built on "genocide and ex-
pansion " and thrived on im-
perialism . But, he added, im-
perialism is now in decline, and 
Vietnam is what "broke the 
camel's back ." 

Li Mandri then took the 
microphone to talk about UCSD 
and student protest. The purpose 
of the university, liMandri said, is 
to "perpetuate capital ist im-
perialism ." UCSD has always had 
a heavy emphasis on science and 
technology and on war industry 
re earch, he stated . 

liMandri poke about the 
people who founded UCSD - for 
instance, former UCSD chan-
cellor Herbert York was part of 
the Manhattan Project. LiMandri 
added that he wa n't saying these 
people were till " that way," but 

claimed they are the type wanted 
at UCSD. 

The problem now, according to 
lIMandri , IS that while war in-
dustry research at UCSD and 
great social problems continue, it 
is very hard to get students 
together in protest 

Protest is Effective 

Young Socialist Alliance 
member Jerry Freiwerth was next, 

Continued on Page 5 

Activist 
Harris on 
Vietnam 

by Craig Jackson 
Staff Writer 

Antiwar activist David Harris 
spoke at the Mandeville 
auditorium Thursday night on 
American involvement in In-
dochina, in conjunction with the 
showing of the documentary film 
" I n the Year of the Pig." Harris 
was imprisoned for two years in 
the 60s as a draft resister. . 

The program was sponsored by 
the Groundwork Collective, a 
local group describing itself as 
"working to eliminate all forms of 
exploitation and to give the 
people control over their own 
lives." 

" In the Year of the' Pig ," made 
in 1969 by Emile de Antonio, 
emphasized the nationalist 
character of the Vietnamese 
truggle against foreign in-

tervention in the years following 
World War II through the early 
years of US involvement. 

Lesson 

Harris began by saying 
Americans should learn a lesson 
from Vietnam and not just " let 
those 20 years of history drop off 
behind ." 

He outlined the ways in which 
the Vietnam war differed from 
any other war in history: First of 
all , the US initiated a new policy 
of " earch and destroy" in order 
to find the Vietcong. Harris 
claimed that young men of 
fighting age were often taken 
from Vietnamese villages for 
torture and interrogation, and 

Continued on Page 5 

GSU Grows in Size 
The Graduate Student Union [GSU J, its ranks grown to an ell-

peeted 250 to 300 students, will meet for the third time today at 7 
pm in USB 2622. 

The meeting follows receipt last week by the Chancellor of a 
letter outlining GSU demilnds_ [The letter appeared in FridilY's 
issue of the Triton Times. J 

A spokesmiln for the GSU wid McElrov's response to the letter 
will be reild at toniaht's meetint. 

The letter called for 50 percent T A employment for all arild 
students, full-year contracts, no inueil In tu .... -I A 'ilHes and 
fee waivers. 

Also at toniaht's meetina, the arilds will elect a ...,.ofiatlna 
committee and will plan how to respond to McElroy's letter. 

The GSU· betan two weeks illO, when 70 arild students from 13 
cirp;artments met to discu how to cope with the cutbacks in the 
number of ililocated T As for nellt year ilnd the increase in section 
sizes. 



James G. Solo 
City Editor 

newspaper 
"SiIIM~ editorials 

~Imb@n of the 
, the Comm 

GSU: Two-Pronged 
The fight ~e. Gradl!are Student Union has begun is two. 

pronged: thell unmedlate goals are guaranteed employment 
Increased pay! ~lief C?f what so~e feel are overheavy workload~ 
and fee and twUon walvers. But if the grad students' demands are 
met,. the gains will also include a. decided im'p~o~ement in the 
quality of undergraduate, and especially lower dIVISIon , education . 

Most of the student;> at UC San Diego are undergraduates, and 
they are . the ones most affected by overworked T As or TAs that 
may have to teach sections with from 100 to 150 students,in some 
cases, next year. And when undergraduates are asked by depan· 
ments to work as T As, lower division students .. who expect and 

. d~serve qualified assistance .- suffer all the more. 
'. 

We do not mean to indicate that undergraduates now teaching 
are not qualified. But if undergraduates are TAs because they 
work cheaper then available grad students would. both the un· 
dergraduates and the graduates lose OUt. 

The Academic Sen:ue, in · discussing a resolution last month 
caHing for.morc: equ.al dis~ribu~ion of resources •. and money for 
TAs .- unlverslty·wlde. plnpolflted the problem on a statewide 

I~l. Granted , the literature department, under pressure, was 
able to find a pocket of money to satisfy their grads' demands. But 
it appears thar activism , in this area at least. should be aimed at 
the Regents, the President 's office and the state legislature. 

The channels exist. The Student Cooperative has a voice to the 
Regents through the Student Body Presidents' Council, while the 
UCSD Student Lobby annex, largely lame and inactive so far this 
year, should be able to funnel demands to the statewide lobby at 
Sacramento. 

We appla.ud, then, the formation of a Graduate Students' Union. 
So~e. of thell demands may be untenable .- for instance, economic 
realmes and an overtaxed ~ublic would not be able or willing to 
bear full suppon of the Umversity of California were tuition and 
fees t? be eliminated for anyone. But UCSD can only benefit from 
organIzed gr~~uate stud~~ts, concerned with making a Jiving 
wage and. gammg recogmuon on CaJilpUS of the valuable service 
they prOVIde, coupled with undergraduates organized to improve 
the quality of the education they pay for. 

Ode to HSS, History Dept. 

Hath ye beheld the Ivory Tower? 
Where noble thoughts do bloom and /lower 
Where the mig~t pursue ethereal thought 
And mundane a airs consider nought 
Where sages 0 Humanities reign • 
And put their $tudents minds to strain 
Hath ye perceived those noble heights 
Where Professors are gods, and undergraduates mites 
And though throughout doth knowledge rest 
One floor alone is the eagle's nest 
Foron 'he mighty fifth the past returns 
There 11;1 lamp of knowledge burns 
For here he pasts of men do live 
And fn. m the books doth fling their cry 
Of noble.t and serfs, of high and low 
Of me" who (;onquered with a single blow 
O(menofpeaceandmenofwar . 
The kn,-,tlledge of ages, the limitless Slort> 
And ye' 'pough hl?re the past doth live 
It hath )I~t to pass the academic seive 
For, wlnn it leaves this Ivory Tower 
Th,s ncbk place, this historical bower 
And enters in the lowly class 
There It hattles a strange morass 
Of empty minds and vacant eyes 
Where students hands so seldom rise 
Where students a s trange game doth play 
The great pursllilofthe omnipotent "A" 
So what little knowledge doth here transend 
Is entirely forgotten at the quarter's end. 

THOMAS WILLIAMS 

Trltonnm"- Monday, May 19, 1975 
Letters to the Editor 

TT Missing Real Issues at UCSD 
This is a response to the editorial 
entitled "Repressive and Naive" 
that appeared in the Triton Times 
on April 14. 

As an interested UCSD student, 
I was amazed by the actions 
taken by a few individuals in the 
abduction of a particular issue of 
the Triton Times. It is indeed 
unfortunate that this occured. 

However, instead of viewing 
these acti ons as represe ntative of 
an attempt to infringe upon the 
rights of the H by a student 
organization, they should be 
placed in their proper context in 
relation to this University and its 
student body as a whole . My view 
on these unfortunate actions are 
that they were an outlet, in the 
form of a protes t. For a few 
students, their actions were as 
much against the " repressive and 
naive" policies that exist at the 
University and its surrounding 
communities as they were against 
the handlrng of the Malone issue. 

The TT claims its responsibility 
is to print information relevant to 
the UCSD community. However, 
your paper in actuality is relevant 
to a certain segment of the 
student body, which , it must be 
concluded, you represent - that 
segment being representative of 
the interests of those who control 
this University, city, state and 
nation . Whose political influence 
is catered to by the TT? If the TT 
was earnestly attempting to 
co ll.ect and make public in-
formation that is relevant, they 
have totally ignored the " real 
issues," which are unjust policies 
that certai n students at this 
University must endure. 

be censured, but should feel that 
this was an act of retaliation in 
opposition to the "repressive and 
naive" policies c'ertain students 

that are a deformity in a societ-r 
that exhibits cancerous traits . 

The TT could serve the 
community in no better way than 

'Take off! Can't YOIl see I'm stn'king an hllmanitarian 
stance? " 

have been subjected to at this to stop trying to print a rosy 
institution. These actions should picture of UCSD, and take its 
be viewed as an indication that responsibility seriously, because 
the TT is not satisfying all its life ain't so rosy' for all . 
readers . The TT should stop 
conform ing to existing audiences 
with institutionalized practices JIMMY MACK 

CalPIRG Petitioning to 
Reaffirm Student Mandate 

I'm writing in response to David Talan and Tom Klitser's letter (H, 
May 14) "CaIPIRG Exploiting Student Apathy") . My hope is to clear up 
any contusion regarding the petition drive we're now conducting . 

First, our petition is to REAFFIRM the mandate given us three years 
ago, when 57 percent of the students signed a petition asking for a 
refundable CalPIRG fee . Because of the political slant of the Regents 
back then, we were unable to get such a mechanism instituted. Today, 
we're asking students to reaffirm their support for CaIPIRG . 

Talan and Klitser should remember that they are presently paying a 
MANDATORY fee to CalPIRG (through their student activity fee) , 
which they can't get refunded if they disagree with the aims of our 
organization. All we want to do is let a student who doesn't believe In 
the projects we're doing have the chance to get their money back . 
We intend to publicize the refunds very widely, and a refund will only 
take a total of about ten minutes of the students' time. If more than 
half the students should ever ask for a refund , the fee would be 
abolished- so there is a built-in check if students ever become 
displeased with our perfolmance. 

"Repressive and naive" is not 
the seizure of the newspapers. 
" Repress ive and naive" is a policy 
of keeping files on a number of 
students by the UC police . 
" Repressive and n,lIve" is the 
unjust policy of following certain 
students as soon as they enter the 
books tore . " Repress ive and 
naive" is when it takes five 
campus police and hired security 
people to harass a single student, 
without just cause, and to ry to 
persuade the individual to sign a 
written statement in admission. 
" Repressive and naive" is a 
campus police force with nothing 
major to do -- thus, every minor 
incident is a major one, which I 
suppose explains why it takes so 
many to take care of such a small 
incident. " Repressive and naive" 
was evident in the incidents that 
occured in the bookstore April 10, 
and in similar incidents that the 
H fails to report or make public . 

If I cou'ld rephrase the heading on the letter, I'd put, "CaIPIRG 
Channeling Student Apathy ." "Exploit" implies misuse. I say the 
greatest misues come about right now, with students finding no ef-
fective outlet for social change . A well-supported CalPIRG will be able 

. to change all that. I strongly urge all students to sign our petition . 

Why? These actions are not 
only feature of UCSD, but it is the 
general attitude of the 
surrounding ommunities as well. 
Busses passi ng you at bus stops, 
food shoved over counters at you, 
being followed in every store you 
enter, etc. These situations are 
real and happen everyday . The 
basic wish of students at this 
institution is that of all students--
that is, to attend class and per-
fo rm their functions as students, 
to attain the degree they came 
for . Without these " repressive 
and naive" policies, which should 
not be tolerated, it is hard enough 
competing academically, minus 
these added pressures . 

The TT should teel that seizure 
of their papers was not a crime for 
which students involved should 

STEVE COLMAN 
CALPIRG CHAI RPERSON 

Science 4B Student: "1 Have 
Right to Any Question I Please" 

I would like to report my ex-
perience in Dr . Brueckner's 
Science 4B class because it so 
well typifies his arrogant attitude. 

One Monday before class, I 
visited him during his office 
hours. Although he obviously did 
not want to be interrupted, I sat 
down and asked him a question 
on the material we were going to 
cover that week . His reply was 
unusual. He said, " Do you think 
you have the right to ask me a 
question on material that I have 
not yet lectured on?" I replied 
that I had considered that point 
and had decided to ask it anyway 
since I felt my question was not 
of the type he usually discussed 
in class . He then allowed me to 
ask the q.uestion and I must say 

on his behalf that his answer was 
adequate. 

I am writing this letter in the 
hope that Dr. Brueckner and 
other faculty will read this. I have 
one thing to say to you , Dr. 
Brueckner and other knights of 
the Ivory Castle, "I have the right 
to ask you any goddamned 
question I please." 

NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 

Kudos to 
Brian Davis 
T~ Triton Tlmee I. oHloI.1Iy raeoenll. .. a IltUClant na_p.p... by tile 

Comm .. nicatione 80ard of ucao.. Publication I. on Mondaye, Wed ...... , .nd. 

vVhen I read carefully reasoned, 
basically reasonable and 
inherently decent expressions of 
opinion like that of Brian Jerome 
DaVIS (TT, May 9) I feel proud of 
the Triton Times and of my fellow 
students who publish it 

Friday. durl". the ,."ular achool ..... I.~ on offlolal hoi .... '. Edltorl.1 and 
b .... ". •• offlc ... "Iocated In 117 81111&. Hal. on the " ...... Col .... campy •. 

lett .... to the Editor and opinion columne ........ _ed. AI IUbmlMl_ 
.hould be typed on •• '_08 llna on non-corroalllli ... _ . TIIe¥ ehould not 
.xc_ thr .. 11"11_ In I.".th. The TrIton nmee r ........ tile rI"ht to edit •• 
mi •• loM beUUH of _c.llml",tlolll o"tyll ~',.IMItIa. 

For editorial. cI1l4l2·"'" lor bualnne and adv_ •• mant • • calle· ... 
GIANA OSCURA 

~onday.~ay19,1975 Triton Times Page three 

Daniel Shawler 
US Should be Open to Vietnamese, Mexicans 

Since the collapse of the Republic of Vietnam, masses 
of Vietnamese have joined the elite rank of "refugee." 
The tiny island of Guam is the temporary residence of 
40,000 Vietnamese . The US has received 30,000 people, 
18,000 of them just north of us at Camp Pendleton . True 
to the modern history of the US these people have not 
been totally met with tender love. Indeed, reaction 
varies from "we owe it to them " to "send them back to 
Vietnam ." 

obviously there . 
Many socialist-oriented people have been sayi ng that 

the refugees were forcibly removed from Vietnam . 
Some went so far as to contend that people were 
chloroformed and evacuated in an unconsious state. 
Reporters visiting the Camp Pendleton refugees have 
een or heard anything to substantiate these claims . It 

emmigrant) no matter what his pOint of ongln or 
political view IS. While I may not agree With the Thieu 
regime, or I may not agree that there is a factual basis 
for the refugees' fear, 1 cannot argue, with a good 
conscience, that the refugees do not belong here. It 
greatly upsets me when people take this position . 

These people divested themselves of most of their 
worldly goods and fled from their country without 
giving much thought about what would happen after 
they left. (The most famous refugee, Nguyen van Thleu, 
tried to leave with his country's gold reserve, intending 
to settle in a plush estate in Hawaii , but that was the 
exception .) The only emotion strong enough to uproot 
SO.many people is fear . Most of the refugees are people 
who worked intimately with the Americans when they 
were in their country. They left in fear of their lives from 
the Provisional Covernment. Whether or not their fear 
had a basis in fact is open to a speculation that I do not 
have enough information to discu~s. But the fear was 

may be suggested that people so kidnapped would be 
kept hidden in an attempt at hiding the truth, but they 
could not be kept hidden for long. I must therefore 
conclude that aU the refugees in the US are here of their ' 
own free will. 

The question now remains about what the govern-
ment's poli cy toward these people should be . Earlier in 
history, it had been the US policy (at least on paper) to 
accept all immigrants . from all lands. Everyone has 
heard th e phrase "give us your poor, your tired, your 
huddled masses." 

,t also upsets me when I notice that many of the most 
vocal supporters of the Vietnamees refugees are the 
most ardent critics of the so-called " Illegal aliens ." I feel 
that all people, Vietnamese and Mexican included, have 
a legal and moral right to live in the US if that is their 
choice . 

But this does not seem to be the view anymore. I note 
this fac t with regret. I feel that a truly free and 
democratic government will accept any immigrant (or 

The old cliche says " our beloved country has grown 
from waves of Immigration." It is certainly true that 
much good has been the result of the government's 
former "open arms" policy . To me it seems a pity that 
we might be rejecting more good when we attempt to 
rid ourselves of the Vietnamese refugees and the 
Mexican aliens. 

M ore Letters 

TT Sports Page Is Club Soccer Is Valuable to UCSD 

For School Sports 
The Triton Times sports department is going downhill. Very few 

people want to read about what Paul Wagner do s. He doesn't have 
the writing style to write a column about himself (For example, the 
article about Wildman was the best thing in the Triton Times since the 
early Ed imons stuff) . 

What people do want to read about on the sports page is intramural 
ports Really . Not the Padres-we can read about and see them in the 

regular papers. We want to read about them in the regular paper, and 
see in the TT pictures of our teams, like the Renobs and TIna's team 
and Boatfotk . 

This IS a school newspaper and its sports page should have school 
sports on It, not big league sports and certainly not Paul Wagner's driv 

The Triton Times has reported 
(H, May 2) that four athletic 
teams will be dropped next year 
to make room for eight new 
teams. "One" of the four teams 
being dropped is actually 
composed of the two club soccer 
teams . The club team 
organization is one of the oldest 
on campus, and now involves 36 
official team players and 
numerous others who sho",< up for 
practices . 

being considered a " second 
team" to varsity soccer, so they 
do not meet the new in-
tercollegiate standards. However 
this is not keeping in line with 
UCSD' s famous athleti c 
philosophy, which is to involve as 
many people as possible in 
various sports . 

about hiS p!;!rsonallife. The reason given for dropping 
NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST the club teams is that they are 

The club teams hold many 
advantages over the varsity team. 
Instead of a season a few weeks 
long, the players are Involved in 
games in a season that lasts for 
half a v.ear. However, it is not as 

Graduate Union Becoming Important Political Force 
I n my first year at UCSD, I was 

involved a great deal in student 
government and I became very 
suspicious of how much could be 
done at meetings and how open 
and democratic people were 
really willing to be, as opposed to 
what they said . I also became 
very suspicious of their true 
motiva tions . 

So It was with suspicion that I 
wandered over to find out what 
the Graduate Students' Union was 
doing, hoping I would see a 
representation of a new wave of 
stu dent activism and co n-
sciousness but realizing I would 
probably see a bunch of self-
Interested students squabbling 
among themselves for more 
money and unable to agree on 
anything. 

I couldn' t have been more 
wrong. The GSU is on Its way 
toward becoming an important 

political force . For instance, 
every department representative 
really knew his/ her respective 
facts very well. There seemed to 
be very litt le class dissension -
those who already had what they 
wan ted were in ge neral 
agreement with those who didn't 
about what should be done. In 
fact, one person who said that the 
amount of support that she was 
receiving was so far below the 
t!rst demand of 50% employment 
for each grad student that the first 
demand should be made more 
realistic had it pointf;(l out to her 
that her suggestion sounded like 
what C. Wright Mills ca lled 
"crackpot realism" and that 50% 
employment was the least they 
deserved from the university. 

There was a strong general 
feel i ng among the 2tOO or so 
present that the university 
depended on them, and that they 
were providing a service to the 
university To me it eemed they 
knew what they wanted, fur-
thermore, they eemed very sure 
that they would be able to get It, 
ci tl ng numerous cases where 

support tt advertisers 

departments had uddenly found 
pockets of money after pressure 
was put on them . Everyone had 
an example in front ot them -- the 
literature department 
representatives intelligently 
exp lained what they had done 
and how it applied to the present 
sltva tion of imminent cutbacks . 

The mood of the meeting was 
best expressed when in a 
diSCUSSion of faculty salaries 
when someone finally said, " if the 
faculty wants to get together and 
object to their conditions, then 
we have a union and we' ll support 
them!" 

JOHN MYERS 

Hirsch Making Point That 
Learning Goes Beyond Classroom 

This letter is in regard to the letter in Friday's paper criticizing Tim 
Hirsch's article about his experience at UCSD. <::Jne of the main 
problems of attending UCSD, I feel , is the fact that a lack of per-
spective exists on studying, grades, and their relationship to the 
outside world. I think that college is a learning experience broader than 
the c lassroom, and everybody needs to let off some steam once in a 
whde. 

• The competition for grades and 
acceptance to graduate school is 
a cause of thiS narrow outlook , 
which I think was exhibited in 
rriday's letter . Tim Hirsch was 
making the point that there i 
more to life than studying, a fact I 
think the people who wrote that 
letter aren' t aware of. And also, 
who are they to say that Tim's 
grades are " less than im-
pressive?" 

PAUL WEINBERG 

Short Without Comment 
CAMP PE DLETO (A PHf 

the Vietnamese refubee camp 
here were a town, doctors 
wou ld be as th ick a In Be verly 
Hills 

Parti al f lgur s relea ed by 
tat e Departm ent offi cials 

here ~howed , as expected that 
most of the refugees who have 
amved h re 0 far are 
professional people and 
children. 

demanding time-wise, with only 
two practices and one game per 
week. Also, a greater variety of 
participants are Involved, in-
c luding undergraduates, grad 
students, faculty and employees. 
The practices are open to the 
public, which IS a greater service 
than it might seem. Many times a 
foreign. student or employee 
would come to UCSD and could 
feel nght at home by coming to 
the practices. This gives the 
University some added public 
relations, while enabling our 
players to meet some Interesting 
people from varied backgrounds 

ot only does this " foreign 
exchange" occur outside the 
team, but it also is present within. 
It adds ~o the college experience 
to be able to meet people from all 
over the world and become close 
friends With them. Few other 
campus organizations can 
provide this invaluable service for 
its members 

Since this is_ supposed to be a 
financial issue, we should make 
some mention of the costs in-
volved . Club soccer involves over 
three times as many partic ipants, 
but yet costs about one-sixth as 
much as varsity basketbal l. With 
the players providing their own 
transportation and personal 
expenses, it proves to be a low per 
capita operation to the 
University. In addition, this past 
season , as well as in earlier ones, 
the players came up with their 
own money to meet the total cost 
of being in the league . 

We realize that inflation is high 
and that budgets are being kept 
to a bare minimum . All we are 
asking is that the PE department 
look at Its own policy on stressing 
maximum participation and make 
a deCision that is consistent with 
it We are both undergraduates 
who want to continue the ex-
perience of this past year, and we 
speak for all the team members 
who are in various ways con-
nected with the Univer ity and 
share our views. 

MICHAEL SCHEIN 
BRIA ZAIDMA 



Triton Tim .. 
Paaefour 

, !POLITICS: JAMES G. SOTol 

Wallace: Here We Go Agrun 
For some sabre rattlers, the .time has come for the 

quadrennial Fear of George Wallace campaign. Or, 
if your preference lies with the Alabaman 
Cubernatorial whiz kid, this is the time for the 
quadrennial Wallace Tent Revival Show . 

Authors right and left have been of late telling us 
what a demon the demogague of Alabama is. We 
are constantly reminded by so-called reformers 
and other d~ooders of the notorius state of affairs 
Alabama has been left in . 

While the allegations are generally true, it is also 
true of most other governments in the nation. 
Recently, the newspapers have covered the im-
pending collapse of municipal government in New 
York, and here in San Diego work slowdowns by 
firemen and other city empioyetlf promise to strain 
further the weak financial foundation of the city 
government. 

Guardians of FilC~1 Responsibility 

Of course, some of the old standbys are also 
used . Visions are conjured of Wallace standing 
before school buildings, restricting the admission of 
black students, an incident dating back to the early 
60s. In the mid-70s, most incidents of segregation 
occur not in the deep south but in the north . Note 
that Saturday'S protest took place in the liberal 
bastion of Boston, and not in Little Rock or Selma, 
Alabama. 

Many criticisms of Wallace come from potential 
presidential candidates prepping in the United 
States Congress . The Congress, of course, is the 
most likely institution to make criticsms of the 
shoddy performance of Wallace as Alabama's 
governor . After all, Capitol Hill has long been one 
of the guardians of fiscal responsibility, efficiency 
and res tr ai nt. 

Congressional leaders fear that Wallace will 
strike the chord of the discontent elements of 
American society who are tired of Federal bungling 
and legislative procrastinations. 

Wallaconian Issues 

While Wallace has emphasized social issues in 
the past, primarily busing, social welfare programs 
and e~cess government spending, this election may 
result in the ascendency of foreign pol icy in the 
gallery of Wallaconian issues America can be 
prepared for an attack on her policy from a well-
organized segment of the right for the first time 
since the Goldwater candidacy of 1964. Recently , 
to the joy of those who make their living by 
spreading unsubstantiated doom, Wallace has 
made some statements which have called to task 
our involvment with communist regimes . He even 
went so far as to say that perbaps we fought on the 

wrong side in World War II, a statement made in 
front of some visiting Japanese dignitaries. 

In the wake of the American fade-out in In-
dochina, and possibly the rest of Southeast Asia, 
Wallace should offer to the American voter a 
definite alternative to the Kissinger approach to 
foreign policy. Wallace has always been a hardliner 
on foreign policy, and it is obvious now that his 
distaste for detente, disarmament and decline will 
display itself prominently in the upcoming cam-
paign . 

Of C;andidates and Confusion 

With the decline of Ronald Reagan on the 
Republica" right and the utter mass of candidates 
and confusion on the Democratic left, only Wallace 
may be in a position to challenge President Ford in 
foreign affairs . 

Wallace, of course, continues to emphasize his 
social programs in appealing to his constituency, 
one that continues to demand solutions to certain 
almost insoluble inequities ' between a growing 
government and the individual citizen. 

At any rate, Wallace will continue to grow 
stronger in the upcoming months. The Alabama 
governor is ironically the first candidate to qualify 
for federal campaign funds under the new law 

'which Wallace opposed. In fact, Wallace may be 
the only candidate for quite some time to raise the 
S10 million from individual sources that makes a 
candidate eligible for federal funds. The interesting 
point about the Wallace money was that most of it 
came in small contributions while other 
Democratic candidates received larger but far 
fewer contributions . 

One can e~pect the candidacy of Wallace to 
expand and at the same time, the critics of Wallace 
will become more vociferous in their outlook of the 
Wallace candidacy. 

. . . 

President Ford seems to have disarmed much 
of the conservative opposition to his reelection 
wi th his strong stand on Vietnamese refugees and 
the Mayaguez incident. Mayor Pete Wilson con-
tinues to have his problems as City employees 
continue their work slowdown, and Councilman 
Lee Hubbard continues to run a good campaign. 
Hubbard, on Friday, released his financial 
statement, for 1974 and challenged Wilson to do the 
same. Hubbard's plan , apparently, is to exert 
sufficient pressure on Wilson , hoping he will make 
an error of some sort. At the same timp. Hubbilrd 
continues to generate considerable support among 
labor groups and construction companies . 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 
327 F. Street 

Muir Guest-in-residence presents 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.·Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

FROM VIKKI AT MAKAHA BEACH HAWAII 

Hand made 'rom oer~. rICe b6Q" l()O'1. COffl)n ~()f1 
wheat CC*)r OfJQ1M! ~'r COOy.rod 5,."..00.·n red 
OIue ~ and tJIar'.' F "cuI WtlOdeO bunons 
Cu.)r.nIMd 10 lade 
Sol" S(~1Fj1 ty(-440) L{414d JL(4048; 

Com~e ~ne 01 RiCf 80P1ra.JOClvdIJS IT\tror. 
shirts lIICiI& Ylorts oN er) m'Jmv dreltlM5 tlk,,,.., 
oandann beaCh Oil( 5 au,'- arld sun hi! 

MiM V,ft~ AI hUkahi BHch ttaw. C , 
orCJlr 8A 47~ F.rnnqlon H1Qhwlily 

I to M~ithll8nch ~-~79i' I nomo _________ _ 
I 0<ldt ... 1-________ _ 
I I tAy _____ ..... __ "O __ I 

tickets : 

RQ'y 
§J.9sQeQo~L.Y 

Author of: Fahrenheit 451 
The Martian Chronicles 

The Illustrated Man 
$1-For All Students Thurs. May 22 7 :30 pm Mandeville Aud 
$2-General Admission Tickets at box office student center 

Storllng Rocreatlon Organlz.t 
Presents 

An Evening With 

SAN DIEGO CIVIC E 
FRIDAY · MAY 23·8:00 P.M. 1 C'*II: money OfQef no coo I or crwrqe to tn., I 

I '1 Ban~MI!OtAr(I Of U M ... Ch,Jr9! 
I I I I I 
I Item QlMlnllly __ .« 
I O!>ondl, .. c:a __ S200"""""", .. "" 
I hII'Ong Haw..., r.-dlnn.ad ." ...... 111 

Tlck.ts on Sal. at Cent.r Box Olllce , 2nd and "B" 5t.; all S •• rs, 
Highland .. M.n's Star .. and Tlck.tron OUtl.ts. Mall orders 10 202 
"COO St., San 018<}0 , 92101; PleaM enCIOM 25c h.ndlln9 and. self 
addr.ssed stamped .nvelop.. Ticket In'orm.lIon: 236~510. 

L __________________ _ 

Hypnotist Dean Here Tonight 
Dr. Michael Dean, hypnotist, will perform tonight at 8:30 in the 

Revelle Cafeteria. Tickets are available at the door. 
Dean, a Ph.D in semantics, is being sponsored by the Revelle 

Program Board. Dean was originally scheduled for April 30, but agreed 
to be rescheduled when consumer advocate Ralph Nadar was available 
tospeak at UCSD that same evening. 

Deported Missionary to Speak 
. The Rev . George E. Ogle, a United Methodist missionary to Korea 
until his deportation in December of 1974, will speak in the HL 
auditorium tonight at 7:00 pm. 

In 1973, after earning a doctorate in industrial management from the 
University of Wisconsin, Ogle moved to Korea as an instructor in the 
College of Commerce of the Seoul National University in the areas of 
labor and management. 

In late 1974, eight men Ogle had known from his work with Korean 
factory workers were arrested by the Korean CIA on conspiracy 
charges . After prolonged imprisonment, they confessed to being 
COO1munists, for which they were sentenced to death . Ogle began to 
challenge this .confession, claiming there was no evidence for the 
charges . 

Followi ng a sermon in which Ogle challenged the Korean CIA for not 
' providing evidence to support the charges and questioning the severity 
ci the sentence, he was arrested and subjected to 20 hours of in -
terrogation . Upon his release, Ogle began a thorough study of the 

Continued on PoIse 5 

Conversations on Christian Social Witness 

Christian Witness 
in a Repressive Society 

The Rev. Georle E. Ogle former United 
Methodist missionary to Korea, deported 

by the Park Government. 
United C;ampus Ministry 

Monday, M;ay 19 
Hum~nities-Libr~ry Auditorium 

c.o~~~WJi"'«I~~~~ 
~ ' UCSD: EUROPE '75 I 
f CHAR TER FLIGHTS ~ 
:J STILL OPEN ~ 

~~ 73 dev. June l' LA/P.rl. TlA DC-8 $460.00 I~ & AuO. 21 P.rl./LA TIA DC.. J. 13 dave June 22 LA/Pari. TIA DC.. MIiO.OO S.P112 P.ri./LA TIA DC·l0 
~ 52 dev. JulV 07 LA/P.rl. TIA DC.. $460.00 I Aug 21 P.rl./LA TIA DC.. J. • 29 dey. AUg: 03 LA/P.ri. TIA DC·S MIiO.OO A S.pt 01 Parl./LA TlA DC·l0 ~ 
~ ;).t day. Aug. 12 LA/M.drld TIA DC~ $460.00 ~ 

one wey Sapt 01 LA/Pari. TIA DC.. .210.00 
&~ Sapt11 Parll/LA TIA DC·10 ~ 

Juna30 LA/Papeale UTA .m.1III 

~~ TAH:::.:::~i~;~~:::::~ ~~ 
UCSD Internet Ion C.nter .2-0130 
Open: 11em 104 pm Mon, Wed. Fri 
~ 9 em to 1 pm Tu .. & Thura C! 
}ft~e~~~~~~~~~;: 

Interested Freshmen 

B.S. in 
Engineering 

Beginning in Fall 1975 the Applied Physics and 
Information Science Department will offer 

programs leading to B.S. Degrees In 
.Electrical Engineering 
.Computer Engineering 

A Meeting to discuss these new programs 
will be held on Tuesday May 20, 1975 

at 12:00 noon in Room HSS 2250 
If you cannot attend this meeting 

or' if you have questions about 
the programs, pJease 

contact the depart-
mental office 

..... _-----

Monday. May 19, 1975 

Nick Johnson 
Will Speak 
Tomorrow 

Former Federal Com-
munications Commission (FCC) 
member Nicholas Johnson will 
speak in the HL Auditorium 
tomorrow night at 8 pm on "How 
to Talk Back to your Television 
Set," which is also the title of one 
of his books. . 

Johnson, an outspoken critic of 
the FCC and the broadcasting 
industry, is sponsored on campus 
by the Communications Program 
of Third College. 

Opposed Meraer 

Johnson, 40, served on the FCC 
from 1966 to 1973 and was often 
rougher on his fellow com-
missioners than on the broad-
casting industry. 

When a majority of com-
missioners voted to approve the 
merger . of the American 
Broadcasting Corporation with 
the I nternational Telephone & 
Telegraph Corporation '" 1966, 
Johnson wrote an 85-page dissent 
calling the action "a mockery of 
the public responsibility of a 
regulatory commission ." The 
Justice ~partment later filed suit 
against the merger and in 1968 
IT& T dropped the plan . 

I n his 1970 book How to hi" 
Bu" to Your Television Set, 
Johnson called broadcasting the 
"single most economically and 
politically powerful industry in 
our nation's history." He also said 
television is a "huckster" for 
Madison Avenue that ignores the 
ghettos and the young and 
caricatures the nation's realities. 

While on the commission, 
Johnson suggested that citizen 
groups challenge license renewals 
for broadcasting stations and that 
such groups should also have free 
access to air waves. 

Johnson , a resident of 
Washington, DC, is currently 
chairman of the National Citizens 
Committee for Broadcasting and 
is publisher of Access, the 
organization's magazine. 

A lawyer, Johnson was a law 
clerk for Supreme Court Justice 
Hugo Black and a professor of 
administrative law at UC 
Berkeley. Prior to his FCC ap-
pointment, he served for two 
years as federal Maritime Ad-
min i s tra tor. 

no es ~ ] 
Appllc.tlonl ' av.lI.ble for M ... 
R a.identedvl.orl. 4 pa.itlone. Pick UP 
raf."el .t Student E mploym.nt 
Offic.and BrlnollloA..,.lIe A .. ldenl 
D •• n' . Offlc •. D .. dllne-· Mu 27 , 
Appllca .... mu.t hav ..... n AA., MA., 
Pe.r Advilora , or I ntern.. Any 
qu .. tlon., A Ick Bey.r .t A..,.II. 
R .. ld.nl Dnn. tl/ 231 
Appllcatlone av.llable for aummar 
R •• id.nt Advl.or Poeltlonl. 2 
poeltlone. 0.1 r.f.".1 .1 Student 
Employment Offlc •• nd brine II to 
Rev.lI. A •• ldent D.en. D.adllne-· 
M.y 21. Any qu .. tlone. Mery COIl, 
Rev.lle Ra.ldent Dnn. ll/ 23) 
VOCATIONAL INVE NTORIE S: 
Coun •• llng for mejor. & c.re.r., 
Tu ... 3-4 pm, .nd by .ppolntm.nt; 
Fourth Provoet Office. Hugh Pet", 
PhD. J.nnl Mu".y, Actlne CoIl_ 
D .. n. 11I 30) 

I nl.r .. ted In forming .n Am .... tv 
Int'I Group, lor Ihe .upport of foreign 
prl.on.r. of conecl.oo.1 ... .,.. 
New cl ..... : Poll. Sci. 107A·B . 
Voting, Cempaignlne, E IlICtlone. Prof. 
Popkin, TTh 11: .1, use 3010. '.A·I 
Polilic. of Education. Prof. Shirk. T1. 
4, usa 4OIOA k_ 1010.11/ 11) 

3 week Minl·Per.nt EHectI".,... 
Tr.lnlng .tarla F rl 3-1 pm. If you'd 
like 10 .nand pl_ .. cell lhe Women'a 
Center lellt. .a, or Cou .... ,no end 
Plycholoelcel ... ,,1_ C.llt. .,., to 
Ilgn up. E nrollm.,..,lmlt8d.'" DI 
A .... II. .... • • ..... t A_roe 
GroupAE I" for _ty.,. The ' ....... 11 
lie elect" elurlno .... "ooA eI!IOti-, 
M.y H ·H. A ... II .. tI.... ,,_ 
YOle"da , ".".11. I",..,_t Offl ••. 
AI" I"L Y" D.4II._ Me, :n. III 2'11 

Rally ... 
Continued from Pale 1 

and he ' took the path of the 
discussion back to Cambodia. He 
said the reason everyone is 
calling the Mayaguez incident a 
"great victory" is that they're all 
trying to coverup the Vietnam 
debacle. 

Freiwerth compared thp 
Mayaguez to the Pueblo, and 
asserted that the Mayaguez was 
carrying war supplies in Cam-
bodian waters . He said he 
believed that if the Mayaguez 
wasn't with the CIA, then it was 
part of some comparable 
organization . 

Freiwerth cla imed that protest 
was effective in halting US in-
volvement in Vietnam, and so 
should be used again to keep the 
government from rei nvolving 
itself in Indochina. He cited the 
Pentagon Papers as showing that 
the government was afraid of the 
antiwar protestors of the 60s , and 

Harris ... 
Continued from Pale 1 

later all the villagers were taken 
to refugee camps and their homes 
were destroyed. 

The second "unprecedented" 
US action was the military's 
" body-c ount " strategy, which 
Harris described as "killing as 
many people with slant eyes as 
they could find ." He alleged that 
the result of this method of 
warfare was the demoralization 
of US troops, with many turning 
to drugs and some even refusing 
direct orders to fight. 

Lastly, Harris discussed in 
detail the new kinds of weapons 
developed for use in Vietnam. He 
told how plastiC fragmentation 
bombs were used against the 
enemy because the plastiC 
fragments, unlikQ steel, could not 
be found by X-ray once lodged in 
the victim's body. 

Harris then went on to talk 
about the causes of US in-
volvement in Vietnam. He cited 
th ree reasons : the bl i nd trust 

Triton Times 

so planned their mil itary actions 
in appre hension of further 
protest. He exhorted the crowd of 
more than 200 people to get 
involved : " We have the ability to 
make change." 

The final speaker, Montgo.mery 
Reed, spoke on UCSO's origins . 
He said big industry, conservative 
politicians and the San Diego 
Union were all in favor of a 
University of California campus 
in San Diego. Reed concluded 
f rom this that UCSD is "a bastion 
of American imperialism ." • 

Conflict Averted 

In the middle of Reed's speec h 
approximately 35 UFW supporters 
marched onto Revelle plaza 
chanting, "No more scab lettuce 
at UCSD." Mike Zarate, head of 
the Campus Student Committee 
Against Racism (SCAR), who was 
part of the pro-UFW group, told 
the Triton Times l that MEChA tiad 

Ameri ca n s placed i n their 
leaders , our foreign policy of 
supporting countries simply 
because they a lIowed the 
presence of US corporate en-
terprise; the American ideal of 
the " John Wayne" hero, which, as 
Harris expressed it, caused us to 
view ourselves in terms of " our 
capacity to inflict terms on other 
parts of the world ." 

American foreign policy should 
reflect " the desi re of the 
American people to live at peace 
with the rest of the world," Harris 
said. 

In some final comments on the 
aftereffects of Vietnam , Harris 
said that the US now has a 
reputatiorr as " the world's burner 
of children." He pOinted out the 
fact that 500,000 men who 
refused to fight in Vietnam are 
either underground or stuck with 
dishonorable discha·rges . He also 
ci ted the millions of disabled 
veterans who aren ' t being 
adequately cared for by the 
government. 

"Chase the Clouds Awty" 
8 CHUCK MANGIONE concert 

Full Concert Orchestra & Soloists Esther Satterfield , 
Gerry Niewood, Gap Mangione, Don Potter. and the 
Chuck Mangione Quartet. Also Lou Soloff (of Blood. Swe.t. & 

T •• ,.) 

Tuel, Mey 20, 1:00pm Civic Th.elr. ph: 231-8&10 
Tick.lI: " .150 • 5.150 . ' .1iO . 3.150 On .... al the box Offic. 
Sea .. , Highl.nd.,. and.1I Tlcketron Oulle .. 

BElt V:' A 8TOB. 
$pring Ski Sale 

All new clothing and skiis 
at rock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENUE 
4J4~141Q 

r--~-------------------·-- -- - ----------I· I 

Presenl IhlS coupon Wllh your meal al In 
unique Spice Rack Gard'n Reslaur ani In Paclilc 
BeaCh and you II 9 I rolled Free Take home half d 
dozen 01 (he lashesl hom mad roll!> or mullins 
you ve ever mel Th,s 011 r 'S QoOd on Mondavs thru 
Thursdays unt" I.,,,, 29 ~ 
YOU'RE GONNA LIKE THE eJ~ ~ _ _ 

A GARDEN RESTAUAANl 

Mission Blvd, near Grand in Pacific Beach 
7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

-----.----------------------_._._------
~ -

planned to use the plaza that day 
for a picket line in support of the 
UFW. Zarate said the planners of 
the SAUSA rally had assured 
MEChA there would be no 
conflict . 

Zarate said it was " just a 
mi~up ," and that the picket line 
had been held on Muir. 

Also dUring Reed's talk several 
students hoisted a homemade 
replica of the red , blue and gold 
banner of the Khmer Rouge, the 
new Cambodian regime, high on 
the Revelle Plaza flagpole . 

news in brief. -.. 

Page five 

At that point a woman, Marta 
Houske, stepped from the crowd 
and protested, saying SAUSA was 
portraying a "one-sided view," 
and demanded that the American 
f lag replace the Cambodian one. 
She told the gathering that if they 
didn't live in America, they 
wouldn't be allowed to protest in 
such a manner . 

I n reaction, several people 
shouted Houske down w ith 
shouts of " faSCist," and one 
person yelled "We'll put you in a 
camp when we take over. " 

Continued fro n Page 4 
Korean CIA, which resulted in a len~thy report on that organization . 
Upon its release, he was quickly de po ted by the Park government. 

Female Sexuality Discussion 
Female sexuality will be the topic of discussion featuring speakers 

Mary Walshok and Jacqueline Wilson tomorrow in the student center 
lounge. 

Wilson , general practioner, is on the faculty of the UC San Diego 
medical s~ho.?l part-~ime . She will show the slide series "Liberating 
Mastur?atlon and will speak on the problems of women in sex, pre-
orgasmIC counseling and lesbianism. 

Walshok , director of women's programs for UCSD Extension w ill 
speak on attitude differences that are characteristic of each sex and the 
)ocial expectations that contribute to those di fferences . 

A question and answer period will follow the speakers' presen-
tations . 

Fourth Sponsors Conference 
The Fourth College Career Planning Committee will sponsor a 

"Career Conference" for UC San Diego students, faculty and staif 
tomorrow at 8 pm in HS&S 2250. The broad topics of law and social 
service will be discussed by prosecuting and defend ing attorneys, a 
SOCial worker, a legal para-professional, a general pract itioner attorney, 
a legal administrator, a psychologist and a probation officer. 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

The unoffiCial 
slate bird . PSA. has 
more flights connecting 
northern and southern Call· 
fornia Ihan any other alr.llne 

PIA ' 

, 
Fly With uz for 

a song to eleven CIIieS 
WanttocatchaPSAGnnnlng-
bird? That's easy Just catch 
up ' .... Ith your campus rep 

.1Ift. 

DWlllmlftl 

i.1 
.. ..,-
1IuIM ............ _ 
,. _1t,.'1 ....... ... 
........ ,.. II rnIDI 
...... PlapIe'" bay 
1II'W ..... · •• atlly 

111 •• 11 .... 
.......... 

•• n.P-- -
QIIOS1I1.O.N1' caN'U \71.) "'-'1. 
(,. ......... ) SIOOGroIImontc.... Oflw La ...... 2041 

• 



Pacem TritoATlm .. Monday, May 19, 1~ 
Concerts in Review 

Last 'Friday in Del Mar' 
The last corkert of this year's 'Friday Evenings in Del Mac' series 

promises to mbet the standards of the most fastidious of chamber 
music devotees Friday at 8 pm in St. Peter's Church, Del Mar. 

LJ Sinfonia Lacks Togetherness 
Well knCM'o to California music patrons, Elizabeth Hamilton, harp-

sichord, and Louise di Tullio, flute,will perform Telemann's Sonata in F 
Minor, Suite in 0 by Marais, Rameau's Ordre in D, Vivaldi's Sonata Vi, 
Sonata in B flat by Emanuel Bach and works by Mozart and Johann 
Sebastian Bach. 

Most recently, Hamilton appeared as Igor Kipnis' sonata partner in 
recitals at numerous US music centers. She has been so loi st in many 
concerts with major orchestras, including the American Guild of 
Organists Western Regional Convention, KFAC radio museum con-
certs, and in duo with Malcolm Hamilton in the UC Keyboard Artist 
Series . Currently, Hamilton is a member of the music faculty at UC San 
Diego and Mesa College. 

, 

A former member of the LA 
Philharmonic, Louise di Tullio is 
now engaged as a free-lance 
musician for motion picture and 
television orchestras . She has 
recorded for Columbia Records as 
first flute with the Columbia 
Symphony under the direction of 
Igor Stravinsky. Among di Tullio's 
impressive list of achievements 
are appearances atthe LA County 
Museum and at all major 
California music festivals . 

UCSD Madrigals to Perform 
The UC San Diego Madrigal Singers will present a concert of a 

cappella music of the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries in the Recital Hall 
of the Mandeville Center Wednesday at 8. 

Opening the program wilt be a group of madrigals from the 
Renaissance and early Baroque, all of which were written in praise of 
the art of Music. Canons and fugues of the 20th century, introduced by 
a traditional canon (or round) from the 17th century, will include 
works by Hindemith, Toch, and Krenek . The part motet, " Ye shall have 
a song" , by Randall Thompson will conclude the program . 

The Madrigal Singers, a group consisting of students, faculty and 
members of the community, has been performing vocal music In San 
Diego for the last eight years . Michael M . Mullin, a member of the 
faculty at Scripps Institution of Oceanography, is the director of the 
group. . 

Super Skits Set Wednesday 
Inter-media fans won't want to miss the inter-media production of 

"Super Skits", presented by UC San Diego musicians, Wednesday at 8 
pm in the Mandeville auditorium. 

I nspiration for this event comes from the Music Department multi-
media geniuses, Thomas Nunn, Tony Sheppard and Ronald Nagorcka. 
The first work on the program, Stems and Pieces, by Nunn and 
Sheppard, for dancer, lighting five horns, four percussionists, electric 
guitar, amplfied piano, tape and synthesizer, features dancer Mary Lou 
Blankenberg, currently a fellow at the UCSD Center for Music Ex-
periment. 

Yerron Yerrone by Nagorcka demands a mobile audience to derive 
full benefit from the different musical and theatrical events staged by 
25 performers situated allover the auditorium. Audience action and 
reaction affect the evolution of the piece. . 

Australian composer Ron Nagorcka, on a grant from the Australian 
government, has received several commissions, including inter-media 
compositions which have been widely performed. 

UCSD graduate . student Tony Sheppard is interested in musico-
theatrical compositions and the multi-media aspects of new music. He 
has also participated in improvisational ensembles in Toronto, Canada. 

Thomas Nunn is working with compositional forms relating to im-
provisa tion, with emphasis on dance and gesture as an Improvisational 
medium . 

by Daniel Shawler 
Staff Writer 

John Garvey conducted the La 
Jolla Sinfonia a week ago in a 
concert featuring three soloists -
tenor Michael Sells, hornist Jerry 
Folsom, and violinist Glenn 
Dicterow. 

The idea behind the La Jolla 
Sinfonia goes back to the 17 
century, when each commu nity 
a"d person of title had a small 
orchestra. It may have been with 
this thought in mind that they 
opened the concert with two . 17 
century works, the Pachalbel 
"Canon in D Major" and a 
Concerto Grosso by Arcangelo 
Corelli (Op. 6 No. 8.) 

Pachalbel is the composer who 
had the largest influence on J.S. 
Bach's music and the canon is a 
typical example of his music . The 
theme began in the basses, and 
w6s answered by the violins. The 
violas, and later the second 
violins, then entered with a 
transposed theme. 

With Garvey directing from the 
harpSichord, the Sinfonia did an 
adequate job . However, the large 
expanse of lime between 
Pachalbel and the Sinfonia 
produced a number of faults . The 
19-piece string orchestra , 
although considered very small 
by t<1day~ standards, would 
actually have been a large or-
chestra In the 17 century, and as 
such proved much too unwieldy 
for the two pre-Baroque works. In 
addition, the musicians were 
obviously not familiar with the 
pre-Baroque style - they played 
too modernly. There was too 
much vibrato, and the violinists 
read expression into the music 
that did not belong. 

The Corelli concerto was 
plagued by many of the same 
problems, particu larly the 
overuse of vibrato. I n addition, 
there were a few technical dif-
ficulties . The ciownbeat was 
anticipated by some of the 
violins, and consequently they 
did not start the work together. 
The Largo (pastoral) showed to be 
one of the few places in the 
concert that was bothered by 
intonation problems. This was 
unfortunate, since it ended the 
concerto on a sour note. The 
major problem of the piece was 
the lack of togetherness between' 
musicians. Precission of attack is 
particularly important in Baroque 
and pre-Baroque works - just a bit 
of imprecision can destroy a 
work . 

ADMINI8TBATIVB 
INTBaNSHIP 

~BOGBA. 
ADMINISTRATIVE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 

Announcing the opening of Intern positions for 
students in various administrative offices on the 
UCSD campus. 

Applications for Student Interns will be available by 
noon on Monday, May 19th, at the Student Info 
desk, Student Center and at all College Dean's 
Olflces. 

Positions begin Fall Quarter, '75. 

Positions will pay approximately $1,000 for the 
school year. 

Some offices where Interns may be placed are: 

[1] Vice Chancellor· Siudent Affairs 
[2] Vice Chancellor · Academic Affairs 
[3] Vlce'Chancelior - Administration 
[4] Student Center 
[5] Financial Aids 
[6] Housing Office 
(7) Business Office 

When Glenn Dicterow joined 
the Sinfonia for one of the world's 
favorite violin concertos, the 
Mendelssohn "Concerto in E 
minor," the piece started badly. 
Garvey took the "appassionato" 
direction in the first movement 
too seriously, playing the con-
certo at a slower "determinato" 
that ruined its lively quality. 

Except for a few falsely strucK 
strings, Dicterow plowed through 
the exci ting cadenza near the end 
of the first movement without 
much difficulty . The second 
movement proceeded without 
mishap, except for a short 
passage in which the flute and 
solo violin were not together. The 
third movement also started on a 
slow tempo, but Dicterow, feeling 
this, attempted to speed up the 

tempo. The faster tempo worked 
well , and by the end of the 
concerto, it had built up a feeling 
of tension in the hall that only 
accompanies an excellent per-
formance. 

The success of the concert was 
due only the last efforts of 
Dicterow and his violin. All the 
problems of the La Jolla Sinfonia 
can be boiled down into one 
specific item - the lack of 
togetherness . It sounded as 
though the musicians had plenty 
of time to learn their music, but 
little time to practice it together. 
But, in spite of all this, the idea of 
the La Jolla Sinfonia is good . So 
good, in fact, that it would be 
beneficial if other communities 
in San Diego would attempt a 
similar plan. 

Kraftwerk Conquered by 
Own Electronic Weapons 

by Jim Shipman 
Staff Writer 

What could have been a good concert soured into a dismal bore as 
the Strawbs and Kraftwerk took turns violating the Civic Theater last 
week . 

I don' t think it's too much to expect that someone would have the 
foreSight to inform rock groups that the Civic Theater has excel lent 
acoustics, but someone blew It. The Strawbs were always too loud; the 
otherwise crysta l-clear vocals were swamped in the mUSical mud that 
was so thick It threatened to engulf the audience. Consequently, every 
number the Strawbs performed sounded almost alike. 

The monotony was even more pronounced in Kraftwerk 's set 
Kraftwerk I a German band, and their Teutonic severity and discipline 
was uncomfortable. (It seems strange that a country that produced 
Bach and Beethoven also gave us Kraftwer --there is anything 
sociologically significant there?) Anyway, their blandness applied not 
only to their music but to their presentation as well. Kraftwerk is a 
group of four individuals who have been conquered by their electronic 
weapons . I t's as if the synthesizers and their micro-army had the 
consciousness to manipulate the musicians. There was no personality 
at all I don' t think any of them even moved trom their assigned places 

On top ot all this, Kraftwerk trotted out a totally inept " light show" 
which consisted of four slides shown on a too small screen . Each slide 
had some sort of a thematic relationship to the four numbers Kraftwerk 
performed, but I have only the vaguest notion of what those themes 
were . There were four old-fashioned footlights turned toward the 
audience, and also four garish little boxes with each of their names 
indelibly inscribed in neon arc-liRht. 

As for th e music, Kraftwerk plays the stuff you might expect to hear 
comi ng 9ut of the speakers at a hippy shopping center . "Modern 
muzak" is as good a description as I care to give. However, the best 
way to listen to their musit is to have a fantasy of your own, to which 
the music serves merely as accompaniment. Kraftwerk appears to have 
reached a dead-end musically, and it's too bad given the vast 
possibilities of electronics . 

Despite my harsh review, I have some measure of sympathy for 
them. They were obviously uncomfortable on stage . I got the im-
pression they were nervous-- they were certainly tense . I don't know 
their touring history, but they acted like ttl y were on their first trip to 
America . As such , their concert was not so much irritating as it was 
embarraSSing for everyone. "Autobahn" seemed to drone on endlessly, 
and as it ended a small hard-core group dutifully clamored for an 
encore, more out of politeness than anything else. Mercifully, Kraft-
werk didn 't reappear . . 

STUDENTS ~~~~ TJ~lt 
DISCOUNT TICKETS 

oLh glob~ tneatr£ 
pr ... ntl 

Conceived Ind Oril inaU, Directed by John -
lIich .. 1 T,bel ••• MUSIC ud N .. l,riu by 
:':'=:' :!~IIW!~!I •• ' J~:~~ nr.:,:,,~/1tu: 
Ounc.nIlOll'" 1"lIh. 

III'£NS MAY 27 
8rh"" .. nl ... ttl lhI I., of lift , UUI Int., · 
n.I ... 1 musiul hit !MImi _ it" 'PI,klln. 
youUl111,. .. , .nd 1t''''''''''1 optj,,",~," 
••• lMlo8ftt, '"t' "",inl Ind Witty trtl\ptlfl' of 
tM PI",blu hom $1. .... Hhtw" G ..... 1. 

R ... rv.tionl/lnfor"',tiOfl 9.30 to 9:00 
, ... ,..... 23'·2255 

Noon to 8 30 ILm 
F,I , Sit [WI 
lUI . Wid. Thu, , Sun Ewl 
Sit' Sun Mit 

SEHIO~ CITIZENS (60 .nd -ri 
Sot • s •• lI.t 001, 

GfOUp OtseGO"" A"U.bt, 
...Ionoo4 II tilt 

carttr c£ntre stage 
... _t to oN ............ 

...... IIf' 

Drinking ... 
Continued from Page 1 

University of San Francisco, a 
private college, has a student pub 
that has made a substantial profit 
for the student body and has not 
resulted in drunken ess on 
campus . 

UC Legislative Advocate 
Steven Arditt.i said, " I don't know 
of one shred of evidence that 
there has been any abuse of 
drinking at University clubs. The 
faculty clubs serve a useful 
purpose in that they bring 
together persons from different 
backgrounds ·to 'interact and 
exchange ideas." 

Rada said licensed faculty 
clubs would encourage drinking 
by non tenured faculty, who, he 
aid, would see their superiors 

indulging and feel pressure to join 
In . 

"f Of the privi lege of ad· 
vancement and tenure," he said, 
" many would be prone to please." 

Monday, May 19, 1975 Triton Times Page seven 

THE STUDENT CENTER is 
. 

Atln()()~C~~Gr ®e<D 
~c. W~. ~ uleW:.artc oot -f'tVcst ~ta.~ ~\"\ CAW\?O~ 
\(If'I~ &.If\; .0 . 

r\OOt1 
. "N¢a~6daj ~y ~~ I 
¥:\d\'lf\~ ~ ~$-ku,+iQ.~ 1.0\ l\ ~4. ~~& __ ':10U 

\, C.O-rrON 1'1\ OO~ H "DA~C." 
• 
• 

O~d ~+lt:. ~l-~ \(''P~~'' 
-:F"ooD /. MaSH! ... ,~Nc..t"-'9 ~I~~~ 
~I-.e-~ ANt:> M't'~,.- ~t:> e-,'l!.. 

At.. ~v M G., 'Ie AWA'f 6 c..0tJ .. ~ •• 1\ ¥(?D,-
\l\lM~ w ~,~p6.,I: 



Page eight Triton Tim •• Monday. May 19. 1975 

--~~----~--What's Happening----------. 

Soerlng Club <J8Mrel M.mbershlp 
meeting - Electlo'l ef Offlce,. - M.y 21 
7:311 pm In the Ru .... Infonnel Lounge 
11/211 

ATTENTION GRADUATE 
rrUDE NTII TonieM 7 pm, U. 2IZ2 
Your union m..... Str.u.v .nd 
electI_ far ...,GII.tlng committee. 
Iring memberahlp cerdel 151 111 

G.y Studente Mon 7 pm, BI.k. Con-
f.,enc. Loun ... l5I 111 

Urben .nd Rur.1 Studl. Stud.nt 
Union St .. rlng Committee m .. te 
Tu •• 3 pm. Student C.nt., . All In-
t.r.ted .ttend. 151 111 

Irl. BI.nco. ROLE OF WOME N IN 
PRE HISPANIC ME XICO today, 
Rev.llaForm.ILou ... ,4: 3II11/111 

DR . MICHAE L DE AN, hypnotl.t, 
tonight, Rev.lI. cefetarl.1 Tlckete .t 
the d_. I : 30 pm. III 111 

Postry M.lvyn Freillcher, Wed 4: 00. 
Revelle F orm.1 L oung. (51 111 

F.m.le Sexu.llty P.n.1 
Tun. 7 : 30. Stud.nt C.nt.r L oung. -
M.ry W.I.holt PhD & J.cqu.lln. 
WII.on M.D. (51 111 

May 2111: VOCAL RECITAL - Vincent 
Ru.o. berlt_, Recital H.II. M.n-
devlll. C.nter I : 00 pm (51 111 

UCSD Suppart Committee for United 
F.rm Wark., •• tonlta, I pm. In-
ternatl_1 Center. All urged to .t-
"taftCI. III 111 

NEWTIME RELIGION . AFllm.bout 
the B.ha'i F.lth. F .. turlng SEALS & 
CROFTS, DIZZY GILLESPIE •• nd 
other B.ha·1 mu.lcl.na. Tu .. 1 pm 
USB 2122 F r ... (II 11' 

Nichol.. John.on, form.r FCC 
Commi •• I_r, Tu •• 8 pm. HL Aud. 
F r ... .. M.dl. B.rona: M ... Control 
(51 19' 

TRANSCENDENTAL MEDITATORS: 
Advlnced me.tlng .nd group 
meditation In Ravell. Inform.1 Lounge 
tonlte.t 7 pm. Joa Rlek." -..-, ao. 
, .. (SIMI' (11111 

T_day .. mlnar with the Aacandad 
M."'r •• nd E lIubeth CI.re Prophet. 
May 21. 21. Del Car_do HOIteI . " The 
Tr .. of L If. - The Mon- F I.m. 
Llber.tlng the Saul Farce .t the 
Chekr ..... 715-23311,.1 111 

Wed. , M.y 21 12 noon. "R healOglcal 
B.havlor of Fluid." "F undem.ntal. 
of Boundary L.y..... USB 2122. 
(II 21, 

T.lk with Wevn. Cyphert .bout PR 
.nd Adv.rtl.lng. Today. noon. St. 
Cntr . Lng. (51 19' 

Intro lectur. If on Tr.necendantal 
Medltetlon. Rev.lI. F arm.1 Lounge 
Tu... 7: 30 pm for Interuted non-
medltetor. who have heard lectur. I. 
Joe R I.ker, -..-. 210-18411 (SI MS' 
III 111 

All college CAREER CONFERENCE 
on L.w.nd SocI.1 Service Tu ... 1 pm 
H&S 2210. Conf.r.nce on Indu.try 
Wed. 1 pm. Revell. Caf •. L .. rn .bout 
theN fl.lde. Speak Individually to 
pr of .... ona I •. III 111 

MOVIE : "Ar •• nlc .nd Old L.c." 
Mon. 9pmMulr5.ndDlm.(1/111 

.. M. rtl n L uth.r " full -I.ngth 
docum.nter't , fllm.d in G.rm.ny. 
tonight 7: 30 fr ... Unlv.rslty Church. 
AII_lcom • . (51 191 

:------- - ----Advertisements for Ourselves---------, 
,- for sale J 

Sylv.nill compon.nt ayat.1Jl with two 
10" x 2300 ape.k.,.. AM I FM redia .nd 
G.rrerd turntebl • . Muat a.lI. '150.00 or 
bnt off.r. 270-_1 . (5/19) 

S .. r'. C.lcul.tor Exc.lI.nt condition 
412-9133 $100. (5/19) 

R.ctllln .. r 3-w.y ape.k.ra. $75 p.lr. 
C.blneta acretched, nothing .1 .. wrong 
with them. J.mn 412-8321(5119) 

YAMAHA RD-3IiO, Bag.a. R.ck & Box, 
Extr ••. Sup.rb l 755-3538 Ev.nlng • . 
.70011 (5/23) 

ROLLING STONES TICKETS: LA Forum 
In July. Good a .. ta. C.II .... 19. B .. t 
to r .. ch .ft.r 9 pm (5/21) 

GOVERNMENT SCREW UP I N.w 
Mlllt.ry J.ck.ta. v.lu.a to .,pO 
dlacounted to $25. D.n or T., ... 413-
1236. _ Argo H.II (5/23) 

1170 Ford a.lexl ..... Dr good condition, 
redia •• ir conditioning. Pow.r St .. rlng . 
17 mpg'" Fr.nk or Ann x4328 (5121) 

1971 BULTACO MATADOR 2IiOcc atr .. t 
l.g.1 or dirt (conv.'" In % hr' good 
cond.. new piaton .nd ahocka. prlc. 
'315.00. 755-., (5/19' 
Hand. CL 100 Motorcycl. Str .. t /-
Scrembl.r 4000 mil.a. Exc.lI.nt Con-
dition. plus extrea $400 755-7518 M.rk 
15/21' 

W.nt to trede my quick rei .... aew-up 
t irn .n~ wheela for good qu.lity high-
prnaure Ellnche,.. 756-1421. (1/111 

Couch (Conv.rtibl. Bed) lind m.tchlng 
end Chair $3&; T.bl., ch.I,., etc; 2 alngl. 
m.nr .. en & .prlng •• ta -.20; 17 n_ 
BASF LH ceo C •••• n •• - $2.00 Hch; 
Brend n.w Arbel.t. Champion Sp •• r 
Gun - Offer. L .. ve phon. number with 
W.ndy.t 463-1774. (5/1!1) 

Mu.t •• 11 '70 Y.m.ha 175. $2fiO; 
techom.t.r, speedometer. n.ed. work. 
Otherwl •• in excell.nt cond ition. 
R.n .. 272-6892. (5/19) 
• VW Bu. Exc.lI.nt Condition. N_ 
Engine, New P.int. New Int.rior. Mu.t 
S ... $12fiO or beet offer. 271-1219. LHve 
name .nd Number (5/23) 

YAMAHA 1m RD3IiO Good Condo New 
Clutch & Tune Up. Good Tir ... $47&.00 
418-3872. (5 /231 
1911 HONDA 301. T.ken .p.rt, but 
everything'. hI r., Bnt off.r. Y.m.ha 
12 .trlng gulte r .. $100. J55.II3I. Ev .. , 
M.rlo. (5/21) 

-NEW-
Du.1 1218 Tur. tel. $130 - ___ 
Ift.r 5 (51111 

'72 Y.m.ha 1fti CT2 Good Condition. 
Bob 411-0771 (£ ' 13) 

E leetraphonlc •• reo 8-tr.ck, wI two 
,Ion •• r .Ir .u.p.n.lon .p •• k.r • . 
E xc.lI.nt con.ltlon. Cost $120 .ell .. , 
412-1. (5/ 23', 

MINOl TA ROKKOR LE NS 131 m(n , 
a.I, with c .... One y .. r old, Ilk. n_ 
$ • . 00. Ron. x331'. or ~ .ft.r 
Ii: 00. 15/ 23) 

MUST SE LL - Br.nd new pe lr of Bos. 
101' • . " . 412-1012 M.rk. (51 111 
Apt. . 12. refrlg. X-It _king condo 
$21.00. Blo II Text $7.00 C.II P.ul .t 
412-1144 (II 21' 

Jos Brown Exp.dltlon RuckHc .11 
Icc •• sorl.. excell.nt condition 
perf.ct for .kl touring. A.klng $3&. 
Mitch 463-1111151 21, 

1973 Sub.ru La MiiNg. 30 mpg $2200 
Ted4fi2 ..... D.y.(5/ 21' 

AMERICA Conc.rt R ... rved Front 
Row on-th.floor Se.ta for Mon 51 21 
It SO SportaAren ..... 11(51 23, 
1111 M.rcury V.ry F Ina Condition 
Power Brk., .t .. rlng. Ona Own.r $315 
464-1333 (1/ 21 

Ol .. n CrY'tel 6'9" SWeliowteli . Good 
.hape. Mu.ts.II272-1010(51 21) 

M.rtin 0 -186 yr • . oIdl plywood c ... 
x' nt c ondition. B .. t off.r . 217-2a. 
(61 23' 
Scub. r.gul.tor - US Dlv.r. with 
... vu. g.ug • . Good condo " . Mlk. 
453-1572 (51 ,., 

Leaving Country - Mu.t .. II : de.k, 
chnt of dr._n. bed, .tc. __ .. , 
ev • . (51 ,., 

M.mly. C220. Twin I.n. Refl.x IOmm 
f 2.8 len. wI c .... New. Greg ev.n. 
272-7511 (51 111 

HP-46 $2001 b •• t off.r . Ted, nlghta 
75111i8. (51 21) 

personals 
All my thank. to the gr .. t p.r.on who 
turned my 1.0 . • tc. In to the Stud.nt 
Center . C.rol Whit. (51 191 

Dee , Honk, You'r e Hubba-Hubbe. 
Wot.151 1., 

R·3 - 1 h.teyoul (51 19) 

Tiny : H.ppy Blrthd.y to In A.rd-
vark.tte of • girl. L ova Y •• I_y • . 
Peti.Sch_ru(1! 19, 

Hey beeb - you' re be.utlful. .. love - • 
not-so-.ecretly .dm irlng ch •• t.h . 
(61 19) 
Fernando. Hop. you had • happy 
burro-dey. CHAPULI N (51 191 

Turn your •• lf on to .om. Front Row 
on-tha-floor .eat. to the AME RICA 
Concert M.y 21. See .o F or Sel." 
colum n. (51 19) 

Get your t .. th into .omethlng juicy I 
The Food CooP. BI.k. H.II (next to the 
Ic. reem Hustlerl10-4 d.lly (pl/6) 

IMPOTE NT . hung up , gumby , 
thunked7 Lou c.n help. LOU RE E 0 
HOTLINE . 412-"16. 24 h ... . d.y. 
(61 191 
L on: I ' m .orry - I dec:lded to .. nd thl. 
per.on.1 to Jeff InatHd. M.yb. n.xt 
tim. , klddo. Slgn.d, Hot F udg. 
I IlI 1!l 

Jeff: My hots for you c.n m.lt your 
COLDEST Ic. cr .. ml Your Hot 
F udg. (5{ 111 

4th CoIl.g. D.nc. Commln..: Th. 
food _. f.ntastlc. 
TMdanc._ ••• m.sh. 
You did •• uper Job on 
TM B.hi. B •• h. (II 111 

Will the p ... on who .tol. the .urf 
r.ck. 'rom tha R.mbl.r Tuesday nita 
pl .... put _ beck. No haeel ... 
(iiI 111 
Tr.v.llng compenion to hltchhlk. 
.cros. U.S. _nted4&2 ... , . (II 211 

housing 
LEASE: 2 br. condo. wlw c.rpet, pvt. 
g.rden P.tlo, g.reg. I.undry. pool. 
Av.lI.bl. Jun. 1. L.... $240 mo. 
Gen.... Hlghl.nd.. 412-<M&O or 463-
1 • . SANDY (p6/111 

Share I.rg. two-b.droom hou.. In 
MI .. lon Hill.. F.nc.d y.rd. Sunny. 
$112.50 plu. utllitl... Av.lI.bl. Im-
medietely or Junel . 219-1841 (5121' 

FOR RENT 
Two nlc. dupl.x.. In P.clflc B .. ch 
cia •• to FWY 5 .nd La Jolle: (1) 3 
bedroom. 2 IYth. c.rpet dreperl .. 
.tove .nd refrlg.r.tor $3001 month. 121 2 
b.droom. 1 b.th - .econd floor carpet 
dr.p.rl.. .tov. .nd r.frlg.r.tor 
$2901 month. Share of g.reg. for both 
duplexe • . Pi .... c.II....,.... (p6/23) 

Roomm.t. w.nt.d - .har. 2 Br. hou •• 
in CI.lr.mont .r •• $110.00 month 278-
81. (5/21, 

VISITING PROFESSOR NEEDS HOME 
NEAR UCSD--JULY 25 THROUGH 
AUGUST 25. Two .dulta .nd thr .. 
childr.n. Exc.lI.nt refer.nc .. provided. 
(p6/21) 

If you know of .ny hou.e. or room. In 
the Pool. St . • r •• (ne.r UCSD, that 
might b •• v.lI.ble for rent in Spet. 
Errlc 462-9317. (5/111 

Roomm.te: M.I., f.m.I • . Own room. 
Sol.ne Be.ch, $112.50 - no .um . r rent 
hike. Move in Jun. 1. 1I0yd-751-1i113 
.fter 5:30. (5 / 111 

Nic. quiet p.opl. non-.mok.,. w.nt.d 
for condo this .umm.r .nd next y •• r; 
.pprox. $70 UCSD clos • . GI.n- 412-_ 
K.ren 463·" (5/19) 
3 girl. need fem.le roomm.t. for next 
school ye.r. Nic. hou •• in Del M.r 1 
block from b .. ch 412-1815. ColI .. n or 
Vicki (1/211 
Own Room .v.iI.ble June 15, 2 mi. of 
c.mpu • . M.le or F.m.l. m .50/ mo. guy 
or c.ndy, .V". 462-0487 (5/21' 
Fem.le hou •• m.t. n •• d.d for one 
month, M.y 17-Jun. 17. Own room 
furni.hed hou.. in L.uc.di.. $!IO. 
Non.moker. Cindy 431-991611r 431-<487e. 
(5/21) 
W.nt M.I. Surf.r-Stud.nt to .hare 
sm.1I pl.c. on Sun •• t Cliff • . Non-
smok.r. qui.t, n .. t. Be.t b.for. 8:00 
• . m. 222-0731 (5119, 

F.m.l. roomm.t. w.nt.d, own room 
$90. Includes. utll. c.bl. Tv. telephone 
So. Clelrmont. Big Y.rd. m.-o .ft.r 
5. R.ndy or Di.na (p6/301 

FM roomm.t. needed far .umm.r. 
Own room In SoI.na B .. ch hou ... 
W.lk to beech . .., month. ,..,. 
(51 21' . 

Hou •• Switch: L. JoIl.-Ioston. 
Visiting prof. dealr .. hou~ In L. 
JoIl. , ".n-June 1171. Will ewltch far 
hou .. ln loaton . ..... 1,.1 111 

Thr .. f.m.l .. _nted, faur betrm, two 
be t_hou ... Av.lI.bl. June 30 $11 & 
uti II tl ... 3 mlln to school 412.e171 
(1/ 2, 
(MI rmt. _nted June If.8ept 11 
.ndl ar nellt y .. r . L.S,U .I .0 fine u 
won't believ.1 write D.vld T . 3111 Apt 
E v,. Allc.nt.L .J . (1/21) 

F.m.'. roomm.t. _nted: Sept -
Jun • . Fur nl.hed, 3 .hort block. to L.J . 
Shor •• B •• ch, clos. to UCSD bu • . 
flrepl.c., .m.1I y.rd. pete o.k. Own 
room $1" or .har ..... ch. DI.na 
4&2-1771 (51 21' 
W.nted - Roomm.t • . M.I • • fem.l. -
own room. 3 br, PI.ymor Condo. "1 .• 
mo. Summ.r through next YNr. CI .. n 
pl.c. wI pool, petlo. vollyball. 2 ml. 
... t U CSO . 463-2170 (II 1., 

W.nt.d - Room from June 1-14 will 
help wI r.nt. B.rry a-t832 ar 462-
9775. 
ForSe I. - T .nnl. R .cqu.t. WII.on T-
2000 .20 (51 211 

F .m.l. room.t. needed far .umm.r 
.nd poaalbly f.lI . Shar. r~ In 2 
bedroom. 2 beth .pertm.nt In 0.1 
M.r. Clos. to beech •• happlng .nd 
bus. Pool & mostly .tudente C .50 
utllltl .. Includ.d. 411-1134 .nytlm • . 
(51 111 

Room.t. _nted for .ummer. Own 
room, furnl.hed & utll. paid. I mlln 
from school. N .. r CI.lrmont .hopplng 
cant., . .. I mo. .v.1I 117 -1/ 11. m -
7511 (5/ ,.) 

N .. d rid. to LA .v.ry S.turdey. Sh.r. 
.xp.n .... 4114-1711 . (p6/1., 

SCIENCE F.ICTION p.p.rb.ck. w.nted 
by UCSD S .F. Club for don.tlon to HL 
L.ndlng lIbrery. C.II Con.n .t 464-1023 
(p6/23) 

We ne.d color blind .ubJ.cts fa ' vl.ion 
experiments which .r •• bout to begin. 
We will pey you to b. Initl.lly te.ted 
.nd will give yOU the ruulte of your 
color vl.lon tnta with no obllg.tlon. If 
you .r. the type of color blind p.r.on 
that we .r. looking for, yOU c.n e.rn $2 
per hour by perticlp.tlng in vl.lon 
.xp.rim.nt. which c.n ext.nd ov.r • 
period of m.ny w .. k. if you choose. 
If you .r. Int.rnt.d, pl •••• call x3124 
or .top by as. In building 2C' 
(P.ychoIOgy Annex' (,./23, 

SP.ed R .. d.,. (100 wpm or mar.' 
w.nted for P.ych .xp.rimenta on 
r .. dlng. $l .• /hr. C.II x2I42 (day' 431-
4321 (ev.l. LNv. n.m •• nd phone no. 
M.rk (11231 

5 to 8 p.OpI. willing to pley SPI 
.Imul.tlon during .umm.r . Str.tegy 
I. I f I nt.r •• ted. Kim 273-,.,0 (II 21' 

TV PIST . F •• t. Stertlng" per pe". 
Call R.chel .t463-1272. (II 111 
Typing IBM. E xperl.nce. carbon 
ribbon, r.parta, theel., .ccur.te, ., 
centa.nd up. P.m ~ Ifter 5 pm 
(,.1 111 
Appolntm.nt ncr.tarlu far pert tim. 
- 2 hr.1 .v.nlng m .. 101 _ hour. 
flexlbl.. M.klng .ppolntments by 
t.l.phon. for coll.g. M •• ter 
prOgr.m. Itref., So. ar Jr. Call Mr . 
H_ton ~. Offlce I_ted .t 
... MINion I.y Dr. Suite J-A. Call 
far Intervl_betwHn2 .... (II 21' 

PLE ASE HE LPI Th. Vletn.m 
reN..... .t Pendleton ......,.tely 
n •• d cloth •• , book., recre.tlon 
equipment. Dep"t .t Host Rent-a -
car downtown - Info, 412~lI. 1,.1 21' 

Som.one to .h.r. driving to 
W •• hlngton-B.ltlmor •• r ... L .. vlng 
the 23r d of M.y "'-1,.1 111 

services 
RE SE ARCH AIDS - North Am.rica·. 
I.rg •• t •• rvlc • . For catelOgu ••• nd $2 
to: E ... y Servlc .. , 17 Spedlna _2111, 
Toronto. Ont.rio. C.n.d • . AI.o. 
c.mpu. r.pr ••• nt.tlv •• r.qulred . 
PI .... writ • . 418-_....(,./ II 

Anyon. Int.r •• t.d In Infarm.tlon 
r.g.rdlng purch ... of • HANG 
GLI DE R ar I •• rnlng how to fly , 
contact Mich .. 1 755-., or Jim 4&2-
9771. 151 191 

Sev. your •• lf .om. mon.yl I'll r.p.lr 
your motorcycl •• nd t .. ch you how to 
do It whll. I do It - .umm.r too. Gr.g. 
272-9132 aft.r 8 pm (pil II 

L.t our flng.,. do your Typlngl 
Ol ••• rtatlon.--Thnea--Doctoret ••. 
C.mpu. Plckup/D.llv.ry IBM Selec-
tric. v.rl.d type f.cn Dorl.-Double-D 
A .. ocilltn 224-1131 (pll1l1 

FULLER BRUSH Boar BrI.tle H.lr-
bN.hH. For Full.r BN.h Servlc ...... 
.. or .. 7371 (112' 

Summ.r work back E.st. E.rn $2431. 
CaIl-'-'.'IIIl · 

Tun. ups, light repelr, brek .. , .tc. Good 
work, low prlc •. Mlk. ~-1112 (1/111 

TREES. prun.d. pl.nted. or r.moved, 
Expert trimming of .hrub •• nd h.dgn. 
DESIGNING .nd con.tNctlng of .m.1I 
I.nd.cap. proJ.ct. involving .ton., 
brick. wood. .nd plente. AI 277-3120 
(5{191 

travel 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
UiRAEL ORIENT. Low prlc .. - long .nd 
.hort flight. . Llmlt.d .p.ce. 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1. 
W .. twood Blvd. LA 10024 (213, 171-.121 
or4n-11121111' 

EUROPE-ISRAEL-AFRICA-ORIENT Low 
coat flights. toure. the whol •• tudent 
bit. At our offlc. over 2DO FREE non-
comm.rcl.1 p.mphlata, brochurn,·-blg 
bucks .. vlng. ESTC 510 W. Sixth, Suit. 
318 LA. 10014 12131123-2121 1,.111 

SSW Trev.1 Offlc. - ON CAMPUS-
EUROPE, NV, & ORIENT CHARTE"'. 
Int'l Stud.nt 10. Eurell, Hoetal Carde, 
Tripping M.",lne, etc. UcaD In-
ternational center 412'- 11 .m'" pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Cloaad Tuea-Thurs.I..,.' 

EUROPE-ISREAL-AFRICA Stud.nt 
fllghte y .. r round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11117 Ian Vicente Blvd. No.4 
LA. Cal"." 
Tel: 1213'-'-,-'-1,.11, 

Charter It R ...... r elrlCne tick .... P~ 
-"'1. Unlvera!ty Trevel 2241 Ave. De 
La Pley., La JoIIe, C •. hili.,. 


