
Cinco de Mayo Festivities 
To Begin at Eleven 

by James G. ~cto 
City Editor 

UC San Diego's Chicano community will commemorate InCO de 
Mayo, the national Mexican holidO', with a day-long ce lebration in 
front of the Matthews campu~ cafeteria today . 

The event, sponsored by UCSD's MEChA, is traditionally the 
largest and one of the best received events on the UCSD campus . It 
is free and open to the public . 

The celebration follows a near-(:onfrontation between MEChA 
and administration officials over the charging of admission for the 
Teatro Campesi no Friday evening . 

Mexican Dishes 
Cinco de Mayo festivitie will begin at 11 am with the fir t of 

many ~kits, musical numbers, peakers , dance performan e and 
theatr pieces. The program will end at about 4 pm . 

At noon, traditional Mexican dlshe will be served In the Mat-
thew cafeteria . The price for the meal is 75 cents 

Th controver y over th Tatro ampesino, the farm work r ' 
theatr J.:rouD that emerged from thl> 1965 graDe-pickers strik , 
bE'gan when ME hA official announ ed that they fE'lt th Campus 
Program Board (CPB) should not charge admlS ion , because all 

In 0 de Mayo-connected event~ at UCSD have traditionally been 
fr e rrlday morning MEChA announced that it would boycott and 
picket the performance unle the ticket price was removed and all 
man y refund d to tho e who had already purchased tickets . 

Th Chancellor and the CPB agreed t-riday afternoon, however, to 
remov the admission price for the performance, and the show went 
off a planned . 

Th tudent c Friday that "not many" 
tICkets had been 

UC Regents Approve Health 
Science .Cutback Measures 

A reduced capital outlay 
prm!ram for the health ciences at 
UC through 1980-81 has been 
approved for the UC Regents by 
Regent Chairman William French 
Smith . 

The scaling back in proposed 
new facilities limits expansion of 
health science enrollmenl~ to 
12,400 in 1980-81, 461 tewer 
students than the 12,861 
projected earlier . Th current 
year's budgeted enrollment is 
9,686 . 

The new capital outla 
program , based on health 
educatIOn and training priOrities , 
I the result of a compr hensive 
review of the UC health sCience 
program necessitated by rI Ing 
construction ost , unforeseen 
lif safety and eismlc problems 
and the current economiC 
situat ion . U President Hitch 
describes the revised program as 
"a holding action that funds 
immediately urgent items and 
redu ces prev i ous short-term 
goals." Itcalls for the expenditure 

of $54.1 million in funds from the 
1972 Health Sciences Bond Issue 
and $1 .1 million in state general 
funds for a total capital ex-
penditure in 1975-76 of $55 .2 
million . 

No Changes for UCSD 
I n order to mak the UC health 

science program " fully adequate 
and responsive to California's 
need , further expenditures will 
be necessary when the tate's 
financial picture improves ," 
Hitch noted, pointing out that 
California lipped from 48th in 
1971-72 to 49th In 1972-73 among 
the 50 tate In opportunities for 
Its re Idents to ga in admisSion to 
medical sc hool 

Th revi ed building program 
Include plans for a 2 -bed 
teaching hospital on the Irvine 
campu , acquistion of the Orange 
County Medical Center and a 
reduction in the number of beds 
there, continuation of the UC Los 
Angeles-Rivers ide biomedical 
program, and the reduction in 
beds at the Sacramento Medical 

~on~y. A4ay5, 1975 

Center from 550 to 407 
No revision IS planned for UC 

San 01 go ew faculties to 
accomodate an Increase in class 
size to 128 medical students will 
be provld d both on the LaJolia 
campus and at the University 
Hospital in San Diego. 

RedUCing the number of beds 
at the Sacramento Medical 
Cent r limits the clinical science 
Instruction program and reqUir s 
abandoning an earlier plan to 
expand to 128 th number of 
medical students In each cia s at 
UC DaVIS Th present level of 
1 students per class will 
continue 

The UC Davi chool at 
Veterinary Medicin will share 
spac preViously programm d for 
a 128-s tudent m dlcal school 
cia s, and en rollm ent In 
v terlnary mediCine will expand 
from th present class size of 94 
up to 128 by 1980-81, as 
prevlOU Iy planned 

The new plan also calls for 
removal of all patient beds from 
the orth-South wing of the 
Sacramento Medical Center, 
which IS deSCribed as a co llapse 
hazard by con ultlng engineers 

R moving beds from the orth-
South wing reduces life afety 
co t assOCiated With the 
Sacramento M dical facility from 
the earlier e timat of over $40 
million to about $151 million 
The orth-South wing would be 
mad afe for rVl ces such as 
offices and laboratOries 

Public Access TV Available for San Diegans S74 Million less A key element In the UC Davls-acramento Medical Center 
portion of the plan IS the 
negotiation of an eqUitable 
contract with Sacramento County 
covering costs aSSOCiated with 
patient care that are the county's 
responsibility If an acceptable 
contract cannot be negotiated , 
the University will be required 
either to close the Davis School 
of MediCine or reduce the 
medical c lass size to ap-
pro Imately 60 students With 
ba IC sCience instruction at Davi 
and c linical science Instruction 
prOVided by other UC medical 
school, if thl can be arrang d . 

by Sara J. Lowen 
Editorial Director 

A f w years ago, Andy Warhol 
proposed that everyone should be 
given five minutes of television 
time to ex pre s themselves - " to 
be a celebrity for five minut ," 
as h phrased it. Such an op-
portunity for any person to ex-
press himself through the TV 
medium now xist for an 
Dlegans in th form of public 
acce 5 t levision . 

Publ ic acce s television makes 
it possible for any individual to 
mak his own tel vision program, 
free of harge, to be air d on 
cabl hannel 24 . As long a a 
program doe n' t violate rederal 
Communication Commis ion 
(rc ) regulations banning ob-
5C ni ties , lotteries, and ad-
ve rtisements from televi ion 
program, it wi II be presented 
un ensored on hannel24. 

"No Censorship" 

Ann Prutzman of the com-
munity Video nter,. the cor-
poration that manages Channel 
24, tr d that " A ide from FCC 
regulation, ther is no en-
sorship on Channel 24. There is 
no limit on the length of a 
program or the number of 

programs that a per on can make. 
In fact, we encourage people to 
make a series of programs." 

A 1972 ruling requires cable 
televi ion operators in the top 100 
market to provide a channel 
(a nd video pquipment) for the 
public to use, free of charge. This 
ruling was a result of the Nixon 

ra and Its concern that the 
middle American weren 't getting 
a chanc to expre s them elves 
through the television medium 

Public access televi ion 
be ame a reality in an Diego 
when the CVC was formed last 
summer. Th CVC IS funded by a 
grant from the Alternative M dia 

enter of New York; its purpo§e is 
to n ure that the public ha 
acce to television in San Di go. 
Th VC also teaches people how 
to op rate video equipment anrl 
how to dit film 

Comic Con Documentary 

A well as giving the public 
ace 5 to television , Channel 24 
should offer varied and unusual 
televi ion fare for those who have 
cable television . The first 
programs made by the public 

began last Friday. Some of the 
programs scheduled for the first 
week of programming are : A tour 
of the ocean liner SS Rotterdam,a 
documentary on the 1974 Comic 
Convention, tin introduction to 
transcendental meditation , a 
show which gets the man on the 
~treet's reaction to today's 

headline~, and a feature on an 

Women 's Options 

automobile graveyard of 57 
Chevys . 

Although it's too early to 
determine which direction public 
access televi~ion will take, Andy 
Warhol and Spiro Agnew would 
be pleased that everyone now has 
the chance to have their own 
television show 

SD AlAe Officer Speaks 
by Sonja Nash 
Staff Writer 

What dre the opportunities for 
women in today' working world? 
Thl question is justone of many 
discussed by Linda Goldzimmar 
In a seminar last Wedne day in 
the UC San Diego Women's 
Center. Goldzimmar is an officer 
of Affirmative Action .of San 
Diego, a board member of the 
National Organization of 
Women , and founder of th San 
Diego Ban~ for Wompn 

Goldzimmer said opportunities 
are available for women , 
e pecia!ly in the more non-
traditional fields of endeavor. It is 
in these fields that the greate t 
opportunity lies . 

Continued on Page 5 Linda Goldzimmar 

The $55 .2 million health 
cience capital expenditure 

budget for 1975-76 proposes to 
u e $128 million In bond fund 
for life afety purpo es rather 
than new con truc tlon, on the 
condition that the tate prOVide 
$128 million from other fund 
ource In 197&-77 and 1977-78 to 

complete Health clence Bond 
I su profects ThiS would leave 
41.3 million for Bond Issue 

projects compared to $53 3 
million for thi purpo e proposed 
earlier by the Unlver Ity 

The revi ed capital expenditure 
budget for 1975-76 through 1980-
81 , In ludlng e timated co t rl e, 
call for $189 4 In tate and bond 
I ue fund , 74 million less than 

Continued on Page 7 

Robbery Suspect Says He Is Police Scapegoat 
by Charles Heimer 

News Editor 
A U San Diego Extension 

tudent feels the an Diego Police 
are u ing him as a capegoat by 
arr sting him a the main suspe t 
in a hu hed-up j welry robbery of 
a La Jolla hotel 

And, despite Craig raupell ' 

Craig rau/Jell 

clilim of Innocence, he has 
already 10 t $100 to a bailbonds-
man, ueen fired from his job, 
ano missed the deadlin for 
paying the balance on 
registration fees . 

520,000 of Jewelry 

B tw en la t Easter Sunday and 
the follOWing Monday morning 
someone, most likely a urrent or 
former employee, stol 20,000 
worth of jewelry at La lolla hor s 

a Lodge Hotel that gu ts had 
~torpd In the hotel safe 

I aup('11 ay he wa at home 
that night, until he came to work 
at hi Wit hboard operator lob ilt 
the hotel Monday morning, elfter 
the robb ry had be n diS overed 

The n('xt ~rlday, h(' wa~ 
flue\t!ont>d by OPD Detectlv 

Doug Barton . raupell laim 
Harton threatened him with 
immediate arre t if h did not 
ubmit to a polygraph te t, which 

I aup II agre d to 'do th 
follOWing Wedne day 

DUring the te t, raup II ay 
tour hart were run on him, and 
that he was later advis d by hi 
lawy r that th poli e f It the 
t harts were Incon lu ive 

A ... a r suit I aupell wa~ a.,k d to 
(ome ba k for anoth r t t the 
next Monday He ~ay~ he agreE'd , 
but later reallf(:-tl h had no way 
to get to the policE' ,tatlon H 
claim~ he wa unablE' to onta t 
Harton, and finally Il,ft a 111(' age 
f r him l' plalnlng that he 
couldn t mak(' the test 

A cordln' to rauppll , Harton 
called him Ih(' ne t mOrllm ' at 
\\ork , d king If he wa~ still willing 

to talk to him . When raupell 
agreed Barton said he would call 
ba k at three that aft rnoon to et 
a date and time . 

Felony Grand Theft 

I-aupell ay no on ailed him, 
but that Instead Harton all d hi 
lawy r I aup II ' lawyer wa 
unablE' to contact raupE'1i until 
the nE'xl morning, when he 
conv .,. d the me ag that 
r aupE'1i wa (' p ted at the 
,tatlOn that morning for th te t 

r aupell ~ay he th nailed 
Barton , and told nlnl he ould not 
mat.. the t t that morning. sin e 
h had no rid and had oth r 
Importelnt platl' 

t work that aft rnoon, f aup II 
say Barton (all('d hml to arran l 
\ ('t another da t T h didn' t do 

0 , but two' hours later Barton 
cam to the a Lodge with 
anoth r officer, and arre ted 
raup II for felony grand theft . 

faupell ay Barlon then tn d 
to intimidate him Into a con-
fe Ion by telling him that an 
ev luatlOn by an ind pendent 
on ultant of the polygraph t t 

had proved hi guilt, that Faupell 
cOU Id r;robabl be convict d In 
court or th vlden e polic had 
,lOd thai the p ople who own d 
th tolen lewelr w r pr pared 
tofil Ultln I II ourl nst 
laup II 

I aup II didn't conf sand wa 
taken to Jail wh re h ta eo .J"til 
V\h n aturda m rnlng he bail d 
him . If out That night, and 

10nda~ h work d hiS hedul d 
Continued on P.Xe 5 
• 



Page two 

Th~ Cooperative • • • 
The first St.J em referendum since UC San Diego voted the 

Associated Stl\&ncs OUt of existence is over, and the result have , 
we think, been properly interpreted by the Election Board, the 
dean of StUdel ltS, and the Chancellor. Studems' fee lings that the 
mandatory Campus Activity Fee s hould be maincained were more 
than c1e~r. while the vo te (0 recognize the Student ~ooperative as 
the offiC ial government was , while not overwhelming, In auf-
ficient majority so that the Chancellor could feel safe in allowing 
the Coop to continue its function. 

We al 0 feel that the withholding of official recognition was 
proper , and suggest that recognition cominue to be withheld until 
the Coop gains the uppon of a larger percentage of the tudent 
body . 

It i impossible to speculate about the 6~ percent of the un-
dergraduate popula~ion that did not vote in the week -long election. 
These are people that the Cooperative .. in one of its most realistic 
and practicall?ieces of theory .. know it is unable to • represent, ' 
and therefore It does not claim to trr ' 

But it is these students who stil have to pay. The Coop, thus . 
will have to reach beyond the 70 or 80 regulars who attend its 
Monday meetings to the busy resident student , to the commuter 
tudene , to the Earttime tudent . It must attempt representation of 

as many sets of needs and opinions as it can , for tWO reasons .. 
both to be good government , and to gain the support it will need 
next year when the student body will again be In the posicion of 
judging the Coop by referendum . 

There are more routine changes that must be made, a lso. The 
Coop has not had a good press , because it has not presented a 
good image at its Monday meetings , which are , after all, the most 
evident indjcations of ,the operation of the Cooperative. Student 
governmenc everywhere is subject co Immaturity and 
thoughdessness, and we would not cnticize the Coop as a tructure 
because individuals often do not control themselves well within it . 
But it will always be imponant that Coop members work toward 
acknowledging each other more than they have, and making a 
space in their considerations for the views of individuals they do 
not agree with . The latter is, s trangely, a high ideal that is rarely 
achieved with any consistency by members of the human race in 
general. 

In other words , the ~oal i to eliminate prejudice . Not the clear 
and reprehensible preJudice based on race or culture, which is the 
weight the ignoranc must bear, but prejudice againSt another' 
ideas, a kind that is born only when a person or a group decides 
thar there is one clear and correct answer, and no other. 

The Coop is not (0 be congratulated for much of what it touted 
during its campaign. The successful and fair allocation of the 
Campus Activity Fee and appoincmems of studenc (0 campuswide 
committees are nothing but the most basic responsibilities of 
tudenc governmenc here . It is to be expected, not lauded . 

What goes beyond these basic duties is in the potencial of the 
action cemers, which) unfortunately , have so far been carried on 
the backs of JUSt a tew involved Individuals . But the e actions 
centers comprise what there is that is innovative about the Coop, 
and they must be spruced up . The spare tire that lurks in the large 
conference room of the student center Monday nights .. those who 
enjoy listening (0 the ilvery cones of their VOices , and who attend 
for nothing more .. must be PUt to work . 

The results of the referendum are quite lucrative for the 
Cooperative. They are clear enough so the Coop will retain it 
tangible cower, but vague enough that the saddle of representation 
is not put on its back . 

It would be easy now for those who would not want co work 
coward as much representation as is possible co rule the 
Cooperative, and make it even more elitist than it often has been. 
The Coop must fight this tendency , remembering both what it 
owes the students , and remembering that the students will judge it 
again soon enough. 

~ .. and the Fee 
We al~ pleased that a majority of the students voting in the 
re~erendum saw fit to maintain the Campus Activity Fee. The fee 
IS Imporcane co the camp us, both 10 ItS s upporc of entercainment , 
subSidiary journals , and cultural programs . The tudent , ap-
parently, have realized thi . 

However , if there are, now, complaints as to the way the fee is 
allocated, students should be aware of the channels for Imput. 

The Camp~s Programing Bo.ard wi!1 hol~ an open meeting 
[Q~orrow evening at 7:30 to begin conslderauon of the allocation 
of I~S . $43,000 budget for next ye~ , most of which in Campus 
Act1vlty Fee m0l!ey . The CPB IS fo rmlOg subcommittees of 
students who. a,re l!1terested 10 worklOg With the funding process . 
We urge parClClpa[10n . 

The body ot the Fee is controlled by the Budget Resource 
Group (BRG) of the Coop , which funds studenc organizations, 
including tht'ir cultural programs . The Cooperative discus es and 
votes on the Qudgets that the committee proposes. Any student 

~ho has attfn~ed two of the previous three meetings can vote at 
Coop meetin,~s . [n addition , any undergraduate is eligible for BRG 
membership 

Finally , ,he Communlcationl> noard controls some Student 
Activity Fee n ney , after it has been allocated co the Board by the 
student govtrqment , for the funding of subsidiary journals. 1he 
Board meets w ekly , and is, we ' re sure, open to uggestion s. 

There are channel , but they arc not used to the extent they 
should be . A~ long as they aren'l , complaints abour activities and 
program on campus seem rather empty . 

Drink One for Mom 
May we suggeM that you remember your mother next Sunday, 

May 11. In orne cases, there are pol itica l and financial advantage!> 
to Ihis, but we would not underrate the sentimeOial value of 
dropping a lid ' -worth o n flowers , a box of candy and a card with 

noopyon it. They are sold everywhere . 
Your home addres . by the way, IS listed in the Mudent direc -

cor) . 

Triton Times 

John H. Taylor 
Edltor·in-chlef 

SaraJ . 
Editorial 

The Triton 
by the Comm 
represent the 
editorial board, 
Board, or the student body . 

Letters to the Editor 

G.8oto 

newspaper 
editorials 

mf'mb"-rl; of the 
the Comm 

Monday, May 5, 1975 

The T,lton Timee I. offlclelly 
'lOCoenl,ed •• a .tudant new.peper 
by lhe CommunlClllion. BOIIrd of 
UCSD. Publlc.lion i. on Mond.y • • 
W.d .... d.y • • • nd Frid.y. during the 
r.euler .chool ye.r le.cept on offlcl.1 
holidaVII. Editorial and bu.ine .. 
office ..... located in 111 Blake Hall 
on the Rav.lI. College campu •. 

Lene" to the Editor .nd opinion 
columna .r. welcomed. All .ub-
mi .. ion. should b, typ.d on a a. 
sr .ce line on non-corr •• lbl. p8per. 
They . hould not e.e .. d thr .. pag .. 
in length. Th. Triton Tim •• r .. erv .. 
tt e ri"ht to edit .ubmi .. lons beCllu.e 
01 .pace limit.tions or .tvl, 
reQulrem.nt • . 

Fo r editorial. call 4&2-34M: for 
bu.ine ... nd .dv.rtl .. ments. call 4112-
3418. 

Employment Poster is Misleading 
With ummer vacation looming 

a few short weeks ahead, a 
number of companies are ad-
vertising for emp loyme nt 
catalogues on campus . for a 
nominal price, students wil l 
receive by mail a list of em-
p loyment opportunities, in-
structions on when and where to 
write, and examples of good 
application letters . There are 
distinct disadvantages, however, 
to spe nding money for these 
catalogues, and it would seem 
wise for the UCSD student body 
to be made aware of them before 
hard earned money is spent on a 
dubious prospect 

First, many of these catalogues 
are available for reference free of 
charge at the Student Em-
plovment Office located In 
butlding 210 M . econd, and a 
matter not mentioned on the 
advertisements, a Sizeable 
percentage of the lobs offered in 
these catalogues must be appl ied 
for 10 January or February, so 
possibilitIes offered have now, in 
early May , been greatly r duced . 

Finally, attention IS directed to 
a particular advertisement that 
has recently appeared on 
campus . I n a placard-type ad, an 
employment opportunities 
agency from the Santa Barbara 
area is loudly proclaiming that a 
"second go ld rush" is under way 
in Alaska and that the boom 
towns are appearing overnight as 
people flock to job-rich prospects 
on the Alaskan oil pipeline. The 
compa ny then states that for 
$4.50 (a n Alaskan sum indeed!) 
they will send you a catalogue of 
job opportunitl s so that you , 
too, can cash in on the boom . 

Again , not all has been said 
This writer has personally looked 
into the possibilities for ~ummf'r 
mployment in Alaska and 

discovered the following fact , 
which contrast startlingly with 
what the adverti ement se ms to 
uggest. 

To begin with , Alaska 's 
unemployment figure is the 
highest in the nation. Thousands 
of people hav indeed rushed to 
Alaska in sea rch of jobs, but none 
are available . An inquiry sent to 
Alaska 's bureau of employment 
drew a very negative response. In 
short they s tated , "Don't come! 
Please l" 

The only lobs avai lab Ie are for 
people experienced In technical 
vocationa l skill s. Most employers 
will not reimburse you for 
transportation cos ts, which 
amount to $392 for a roundtrip 
ti cket. The cost of living is n arly 
double the figure for the "l ower 
48." ConditIOns In the boom 
town are" 'ry primitive and the 
high un I·mployment figure has 
resulted 10 a reduc d avai labilIty 
of welfare and unemployment 
funds Ala ka will off r very lIttle 
hospitality and \ympathy to those 
who find themse lves unem -
ployed , un mployable and 
brolw 

The pi tllfP appears grim. 
much grimllwr than the one 
painted on the "I4old ru h" 
po ters wped up on campus It 

would not , of course, be fair to 
Infer that the company is in-
capable of finding anyone em-
ploym ent; suc h a stand would be 
impossib le to defend . How~ver , it 
would certain ly seem that few 
UCSD students could benefit 
from the purchase of thi s 

cata logue from a very misleading 
ompany . Utilize th e em -

ployment facilities avai lab le for 
free on campus, ard save yourself 
some money and poss ibly grit'f. 

MARTIN L. GASCOYNE 
PAGEONESTAFF 

URS Major Fears Loss 
of Siembieda, Courses 

A few months ago, I, an ex-anthropology major , sought a program 
which would give me an opportu nity to expand an interest In ar-
c hitecture and city planning . Now , as an Urban and Rural Studies 
(URS) major, I find that program lacking many courses that woul d 
adequately prepare me for graduate studies in urban planning 

Other institution in California (e g, USC, PepperdlOe, Stanford ) 
have classes in urban design , land use, urban systems and analy IS , 
urban economics and land control management , to name a few 

Our current URS program must be evaluat d and expand d to 
prOVide tudents With more and better classes . Good IOstructors must 
be obtained andl or retained in order to provide a maximum education 
to UCSD students. 

Bill iembieda may not be back in fall 1975. He is the only person , 
on the pre ent URS faculty, With a background in urban co noml cs and 
urban planning. To los him would mean losin g many present and 
prospec tlve URS cour es . It would also mean lOSing an excep tional 
IOstructor 

As a former student of his , I find Bill Siembieda to be organized and 
IOtellectually timulating. HIS lectures are clear, precise and in-
tere tlng H utilizes many outside resources to give students a better 
understanding of his lectures . Mr. Siembieda knows his field a nd has 
nodifficulty in relating his knowledge to students . 

The curre nt URS program must be improved and steps taken to 
provide an adequate undergraduate educa tion to enable s tudents to 
pursue further work in urban studies . 

The way to establis h a strong URS program is not to ignore the need s 
of student and it certainly isn 't to decrease the number of faculty dut' 
to political and eco nomi c prejudices . 

I was disillUSIOned with anthropology, and now that I've found a 
program and an Instructor with whom I can relate, I may lose them 
The URS program is valuable to all U SD students The courses prOVide 
a n insight IOto the community and SOCial interaction among groups . 

Let you r provo t and the Chancellor know that you'r concerned 
With your education . Please support OUF-flght to make d good, workIng, 
urban and rural studies department 

130 NI[ Y. YAMAMOTO 

Student Urges Support of 
Present URS Course Level 

Who could co ndone an 
educatio nal institutio n which 
produces esoteric technicians not 
versed or familiclr in o the r aspects 
of life? The group of people who 
helped found Reve lle and 
compose its ed ucationa l 
philosophy did not want our 
coll ege to be suc h an institutiGn 
Revelle is supposed to "prepare 
its students for the modern 
world ." 

It has been mostly through the 
Urban and Rural Studies (URS) 
Program , co mplemented 
thorough scie ntifi c training, 
which has given me a broader 
pt'rspective of the wor ld The 
already meager , y t rigorous and 
thought-provoking selection of 
URS I:!~ses will b come even 
more scarce next year, With the 
pre ent " Inability" to fund thi 
year's number of classes 

The URS classes jlre not only an 
IOtegral omponent of Third 

o llege, but also of Revelle 
College It I~ partially through 
th Sf:' (Ias~es that R v II I' IS able 
to lulfIlI Its <,ducatlonal 
respon\lbilIty set out by th 
tounci<'I\ , " to prepare Its tudents 
lor thl' modern world" 

So, I hope all of you will 
onvey to Vice-c hancellor Paul 

Saltman the need to at least 
retain the present numbe r of URS 
classes, in order that the Revell!' 
students next year a nd in the 
succeeding years will be ab le to 
f:'xpa nd their educati o n into thi s 
area. 

DANIEL FIFLDS 

Shorts Without Commenl 

WASHINGTON (UPI) - A 
w('r('t report by the 
Congr sS lonal Joint A omlc 
Energy Comll'lIttee disclosed 
Wednesday that a senatorial 
t(,<lm In 197 J discovered some 
U'l nuclear munitions being 
,lor d und r lax sec urity In the 
basement of an administratIOn 
buIldln~ 10 I:urope 

... 

SACRAMENTO (U PI) --
rhe A~)('mbly Resource s 

ommlttee last week rejected 
d ' n"t('-Pd~s('d bill placmg d 
moralonum on ('nvironmental 
Impd( t r('port) for cultIn~ 
(rPt 1 , 

Monday, May 5, 1975 Triton Ti mes Page three 

Tom Tanana 

War in South Vietnam: We Were There to Lose 
I t seems incredible to me that throughout the history 

of man , we've c hosen to repeat o ne tragic e rroe time 
and time again . Rather than accept the conclusion that 
we had better look out for ourselves or else nobody else 
wi ll, we've a lways decided to e ntrust the opposition 
with the moral scruples not to take certain actions . 

The upshot of all this is that WE JUST CAN'T TRUST 
ANYONE BUT OURSELVES . We can' t rely on someone 
else to uphold their end of a truce. All that we can be 
ce rtain of IS our own strength . 

The best approach to self defense is to be on the 
offensive. It's like throwing a guy into a boxing ring and 
te ll ing him to defend himself . If he chooses to never be 
aggressive, he' ll spend a ll his time blocking the jabs of 
his attacker and never strike back. Every once in a while, 
his opponent will sneak through a good punch and the-
defender will be back to warding off more blows . 
Eventually he will lose , no matter how good he is . If, on 
the other hand , he were aggressive, he would no longer 
be in the dangerous position of being backed into the 
corner of 'the ring . Now, he would be out , striking back, 
a nd making his opponent think twice before letting his 
guard down to make an aggressive attack . 

Neville Chamberlin once waved a sheet of paper in 
the air tha t was signed by a liar and bleated "Peace in 
our time ." Richard Nixon, through Hen ry Kissinger, 
compromised with those who have vowed to ski n us 
alive and brought us "detente" and a "Ge neration of 
Peace ." We've trusted our opponents to abide by their 
word . 

But Egypt and Israel have had 
serious conflicts after Kissinger's 
"negotiations" were supposed to 
have made all things go well 
Wide-scale American concessions 
to a belligerant Viet Cong, 
guaranteed by a shee t of paper 
like the one waved about by 
Neville Chamberlin , was sup-
posed to have brought peace in 
Vietnam . We now know that this 
truce has only been used as a 
shield with which the Viet Cong 
ha s been able to commit 
wholesa le violations without 
haVing to worry about America 
se nding in troops 

Tanana 

We should not have tried to protect the people of 
South Vietnam by just defending them . All we ac-
complished by doing this was guarding some territory 
and letting the Viet Cong sneak through a punch every 
o nce in a while (called an offensive) whereupon we 
would make a new truce and guard a new territory that 
was now reduced In size, wa iting for still another of-
fe nsive . It was preprogrammed that we would even-
tually lose 

AmerIca should have first of all decided to fight for a 
cause - tor freedom .'By upholding a petty fascist dic-
tator over a totalitanan communist one , we served little 
purpose, as far as I see it. We should have moved 10 
taken over, and complete ly overhauled the South 

Yugoslav Dissident Mihajlov Jailed 
by Stephen Karganovic 

On February 28, a Yugoslav 
court in the provincial capital of 
Novi Sad sente nced the 
prom I n nt dissident, Professor 
Mlhajlo Mihajlov, to seven years 
in prison for publishing an article 
in the United States, in the bi-
week Iy New Leader ("T he 
Mihajlovic h Tragedy," February 
3) . The article argued that 
Marsha ll Tito 's partisans 
maintained close contact with 

azi representatives in occupied 
Yugoslavia throughout World 
War II and that c harges of 
co llaboration for which the 
nationalist leader, Genera l Draza 
Mihajlovich, was shot by the 
Com munists are a myth . 

subm its to th~ social mechanism 
and becomes part of this 
mechani m without individuality, 
the more he contributes to the 
death of oClety a a living 
organism. Or, to put it more 
stro ngly : extreme , un-
compromi sing individuality is of 
the greates t benefit to society ." 

The latest campaign against 
Mihajlov is also believed to have 
resulted from Soviet pressure or 
Yugoslavia 's desperate attempts 
to mollify the Kremlin by 
punishing its arch enemy, which 
may amount to the same thing. 
Only two and a half months ago, 
a pro-Soviet group was caught 

plotting to hasten Yugoslavia's 
formal reincorporation into the 
Soviet orbit even before Tito's 
death Moscow demanded 
puni shment for Mihajlov to even 
the score 

Tinkering with forbidden 
hi tory is very costly In present-
day Yugoslavia - it works out to 
seven years in jail, in fact 
Con idered just as outrageous are 
"cunning" attempts to interpret 
literally the wide range of 
freedoms guaranteed by the 
Yugoslav Constitution . MihaJlov's 
past convictions stem from his 
efforts to sta rt an opposition 

Continued on Page 5 

Vietnamese government, leaVing them with a republic 
that respects the rights of the individual. Ne)(t, we 
shoulci have k pt a watchful Vigil on any communis t 
aggrcssipn . At the first sign of even the smallest degree 
of an initiation of force , we should have rushed to 
defend what territory remained and then recovered 
what was lost. Furthermore, we should have shown that 
we meant business , invaded their territory in retal iation, 
and not stopped until an agreeable peace truce had 
been signed on our terms. 

America should never have allowed the Viet Cong or 
the Khmer Rouge to take any territory whalsoever_ The 
US should have cut the Ho Chi Minh trai I and made sure 
there was a bastion of freedom in Asia . If this meant 
cutting their supplies by mining the harbors of 
Haiphong , blockading their coast, or marchi ng into 
Hanoi , Cambodia, Laos, or even digging deep into the 
belly of'China, it should have been done 

America must defend herself ~rom a position of 
strength . A position of weakness i51 nothing more than 
the position of a whimpering coward . 

I t should have been first decided whether we wanted 
to get involved in Vietnam or not. If we did not, we 
should never have gone in there In the first place. If we 
wanted to get involved, we should have gone In there to 
WI n and get it over with as soon as possible . The 
generals should have been allowed to fight the war (and 
the politicians shouldn ' t have gotten into the action to 
screw everything up) . If winning the war, in this case, 
meant streaming across IndochIna into Burma and 
China, it should have been done. 

755-"" 
I HD IAN OWHIID ANa O~II"ATIID 

AUTHENTIC INDIAN JEWELRY 
MOCCASINS - I"OTTERY - BASKETS - RUGS 

•• 1 V • .& STOia. 
Spring Ski Sole 

All new clothing and skiis 
at rock-bottom prices 

1122 FAY AVENUE 
4~4-1410 

Mihajlov ga ined world-wide 
recognition - and Moscow's 
undying hatred - in 1964 for hi s 
book Moscow Summer, in which 
he demonstra ted years before the 
appearance of Solzhenitsyn 's 
Gulag that genocide was 
pioneered by Sta lin , not Hitler, 
and that concentration camps in 
the USSR were not a Sta linist 
abe rration but were personally 
organized bv the reverend Lenin 
himself . At the furious request of 
the Soviet a mbassador, Mihajlov 
was arrested in 1965 and sen-
tenced to nine months in prison . 
Subsequent conf l icts with the 
authorities for attempts to 
organize a legal opposition and 
cr itical articl publi shed abroad 
netted him one year (1966), four 
and a half years (1967), and one 
month (1972) in Yugoslav pri ons . 

\TAs Threatened with Cuts I 
r--------------------------- -----------

Mihajlov, until the appearance 
of hiS book a literature professor 
at th University of Zadar, earned 
the distrust of the Marxist regime 
for his bold reje tion of the of-
ficial ideology. In 1964, he wrole: 
"I had the 'audacity' to reveal the 
heretical thought that eve n 

hristianity as a religion of 
freedom could form the basis for 
a proper ordering of ociety in 
Yugos lavia , and not the so-cal led 
'natural laws of deve lopment' on 
which the theory of ' scientific 

~o iali~m ' is based ." 
In Russian Themes, published 

10 the US four years later, he 
furt her antagoni zed the 
au thorities by writlOg . "This is the 
('xp lanatlOn of the seemi ng 
paradox in the relation between 
th(' Individual and society the 

les~ !l1<1n submits to the socia l 
me hanl sm, the greater the 
('xt(' nt to which he makes 
possible thE' emtt'nce of tht' 
~oc ial orgar:mm, thf:' mort' he 

by Richard Hicks 
Graduate Student in Literature 

I t is hard to remember the days when cutbacks in the University's 
budget provided widespread protest. Little by little , Governor Reagan 
cowed the facu lties to expect no more than token increases K1 salary, 
and the University as a whole gave way to the master planners , who 
first defined the scope of the Uni versity's activity , a nd in successive 
years revised downward the projections on programs and services, 
w h ile beaming at increased enrollment figures . 

Governor Brown has raised the ire of the University by seemingly 
following the "get UC " programs of Reagan. But his proposals have 
hardly lifted the dust off the Academic worktable, and for a reason It 
is not simply that our power to struggle has Withered , but the fact that 
new cuts will emerge in the University at a level which bypassf:'s the 
traditional eat of res I tance, the faculty and affect the least 0 rganlled 
e lements within the university - the graciuate tudents ane! the 
undergraduates they instruct 

The linal ti gures are not in, but what seems to be ahead Tor the fall 
quarter is this 

-a campuswide 27 % cut in Teaching Assistants ; and 
- a corre ponding Inc rea e in undergraduate class sizes . 

1 he e cannot be separated in fac t, but each deserves separate ana lysi 
Teaching assistants are the workers most direct ly affected . Many 

graduate stude nts who depend upon emp loyment by the Unlver Ity for 
their livelihood will simp ly be excluded, and for some this will mean 
abandonment of their educational ideals . A farther-reaching ffect is 
that factionalism--already eVident in the internal struggle going on at 
thiS moment, as departments clamor for attention and payroll - will 
increase , and we will be even farther from the concept of the 
University as a ommuni ty of cultural and technical worker ngaged 
in the diverse intellectua l a nd arti tic work that is the legitimate 
concern and rationale for the University . 

Th effect- and this is imm diat , and experienced by each in-
dividua l-on undergraduate instruction, especially In the humanitie 
(lnd other cultural tudies departments , will be cata trophic . S ctions 
that are now barely able to attempt the Ideal of qual ity education will 
loom upward In enrollment, leaving tudents and Instructors to 
contemplate each other as machIne and product, rather than teacher 
dnd learner 

DUrIng the winter quarter, the graduate students in the Department 
of Literature were threatened by a proposed layoff of 30% for the 

~pring quarter . The teaching a mtants in literature organized on the 
baSIS of this real threat , both to themselves and their ~tudent A 
demand was made that all literature "raduate students reqUlnng 

Continued on Pale 5 

qt~~) 
. Get Roffad at the ... 

Spice Rack Restaurant! 
Preseni InIS coupOr) wilh your meal a i Ihe 

un ique Spice Rack Garden Reslauranl In Paclf,c 
Beach and you I gel rolled Free Take horne half a 
dozen of Ihe la Sllesl home-made rolls or mu lf ,ns 
you ve ever mel rhls offer IS g::>Od on MondavS Ihru 
ThurSdays until May 29. ~ 
YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE c.J~1' . 

A GARDEN qesrAURANT 

Mission Blvd . near Grand in PaCific Beach 
7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

---------------------------------------

- -



Rich wanted some noogy . I corre~ed him, then decided it'd be nice 
to sit out in sunny left fie ld, so we took a long lunch and a short 
secretary (sans the secretary) and went out to the big ballpark for the 
businessperson's special: the Padres were playing! 

Let me tell you about sports heroes : there just aren 't many left. Joe 
Namath, Muhammad Ali, Hank Aaron, Kareem-Abdul Jabbar, Jimmy 
Conners, take your pick . As far as I'm concerned, Namath is probably 
the only half decent hero left, and he'd never qualify as a traditional 
athlete-hero because he isn't silent about his personal life. 

Even Babe Ruth, the biggest playboy of his day, didn't brag about his 
off-the-field exploits. Babe Ruth : Toots Shor, the saloon owner who 
must qualify as some sort of expert on the matter, called him the 
greatest hero, because he could gorge himself on food, down a fifth, go 
out and hit three homeruns, then sign autographs for 300 kids. Dubious 
qualities, some of them, but certainly heroic proportions . 

Ruth had something else Namath doesn't: he was a consistent 
winner. The 'Yankees won pennant after pennant during the Ruth years . 
Namath, on the other hand, had only one big year, 1969. That was the 
year Joe Willie told everyone he would beat the unbeatable Baltimore 
Colts, and, by God, he did. That was class. 

But Namath hasn't been on a winner since. 
Muhammad Ali qualified as a hero under those guidelines. What he 

did to George " the lug" Foreman was tremendous. It had me going 
around chanting "Ali bomayah" for a week later . But then the man 
fought Chuck Wepner. Scratch one hero. 

So anyway, Rich and I were going to see the Padres play. 
Sitting in the left field stands, being t-he cheapest seats in the house, 

gives you an interesting perspective on the game: the players' backs . 
But no matter where you sit, it becomes glaringly apparent that the 
Pads just don't have any bonafide heroes . 

Not that there aren 't candidates. Wi lIie McCovey comes to mind 
first. A few years ago, Willie might have been a hero. He certainly had 
the talent. One swing of his huge bat could turn around any ballgame. 
Today it sti II could . But there's a difference: a few years ago it did . 

Besides, Willie never had the extra, practically intangible qualities of 
an athlete-hero. Like Bad Henry Aaron, McCovey never really 
possessed the charisma, the charm, the class of a Ruth or Namath. 
Tho:;e intangibles are very hard to define because of their intensely 
personal qual ity, but they're quite apparent in a true hero. 

That leads to the basic question of heroes In sports : why should 
someone be idolized by millions, or even a few, because he can hit a 
hard, round object with a stick over a fence, or toss an inflated rubber 
spheroid through a hoop? Of course, such feats take talent--definite, 
unique and honed talent. But does that deserve any more fanfare than 
inventing a serum for polio, or winning a nobel prize for literature? Yet, 
I' ll assure you more people have heard of Willie Mays than William 
Faulkner . 

Who can answer the question of the legitimacy of athlete-heroes? 
Watching sports often allows people to relax, to relieve tensions after a 
hard day, to live out fantasies of lost youth . But sometimes sports 
creates tension, as with the man who shot his wife because she turned 
off the Mets' game in their miracle year of 1969. 

Still. who can really answer the question? 
This grows highly subjective 
For the purposes of this particular column, I think it best to accept 

the fact of the athlete-hero, as they certainly do exist. 
But not in San Diego. There are, however, two young Padres with 

shots at herodom : Johnny Grubb and Dave Winfield . Bnt Grubb, for all 
his natural talent, has a problem with the charisma-factor . He's a 
Ilatural and tremendous hitter, with an above average glove; he'll 
certainly lead the league in hitting some day soon . But Johnny lacj<s 
the personality of a Ruth or the supreme self-confidence, some might 
call it arrogance, of a Namath or Ali . 

Dave Winfield , although quiet, possesses the type of truly awesome 
talent that can overcome quietness. He's a game-breaker . When he 
comes to the plate the stands grow hushed and anticipatory . Fans are 
starting to react to his swings like they used to react to McCovey's. And 
David has shown flashes of class, as in Houston when the press kept 
telling him he was a superstar, and he finally said all right, I'm a 
superstar. But he's not, not yet, for he has yet to prove himself over an 
entire season . If he does, he'll qui ckly fill the herogap currently existing 
on the Padres, and in San Diego in general . 

So Ri ch and I went to see the Padres . Johnny Grubb got two hits, 
Dave Winfield drove in two runs and Willie McCovey brought his 
batting average up to a struggling .235 . The Padres lost to the Astros 
and the only hint of class came when Astro centerfielder Cesar Cedeno, 
unm rcifully ha,assed by restless fans in thE' outfield bleacher, an-
swer d them b ~ ointing to the scoreboard : Astros 6, Padres 3. 

Triton Times 

Financial Aid 
Hearings Set 
in LA and SF 

A coalition of student groups 
will be holding hearings on 
student problems in financial aid 
in Los Angeles on Friday and in 
San Francisco on Saturday. 

The coa lition is interested in 
gathering a body of evidence on 
problems that stu dents ex-
perience in learning about, 
applying for , and obtaining 
financial aid. The hearings are 
being sponsored by the College 
Scholarship Service Student 
AdviSory Committee and the 
National Student Educational 
Fund in cooperation with the UC 
Student Lobby and other college 
lobbies. 

Kim Kavrell, hearings coor-
dinator, emphasized that the 
coalition is looking " for any 
student 'off the street' who has a 
problem with financial aid" to 
testify . "The success of' our 
hearings depends on getting real 
students to talk about their real 
problems and to recommend 
changes." Kavrell noted that few 
mechanisms for appealing 
financial aid decisions ex isted but 
" this is certainly one of them ." 

All the Financial 
Aid Programs 

The California hearings will be 
part of a series of nation-wide 
hearihgs sponsored by the CSS 
Student Advisory Committee and 
the National Student Educational 
Fund. Other hearings will also 
focus on all the financial aid 
programs including state 
scholar hips, grants, basic op-
portunity grants, loans and work-
study. One of the hearings, in 
Madison, Wisconsin, has resulted 
in a small grants emergency 
program as well as numerous 
administrative changes . 

Although the groups em-
phaSize that they are interested in 
having any and all persons testify, 
the past hearings have tended to 
focus on a number of central 
questions. Among these are how 
students establish independent 
status, how students learn about 
financial aid programs, the lack 
of appeals mechanisms, and 
problems students have with 
specific programs sU'ch as 
qualifying for loans. The results of 
the hearings will recommend 
changE'S in these and other areas . 

The reports will be timed to 
coincide With th development of 
a master plan for student aid in 
the state which will take place 
this summer. The national report 
will attempt to Impact on 
Cong'ress ' re-writing of the 
tudent aid legislation which has 

already begun and will be 
completed in mld-1976. 

Opening on Communications Board 
The Student Cooperative's Committee on Appointments and 

Evaluations is now taking applications for the at-large member of the 
Communications Board . The Board oversees UC San Diego's com-
munications media . 

Steve Lopez, coordinator for the committee, outlined that the 
criteria for prospective candidates would encompass enthusiasm, 
communicative skills, experience, the time factor, a lack of conflict of 
interest, and a desire that would out line the candidate's commitment. 

Lopez also said the position is open to any undergraduate student, 
and that applications, which must be filed by Wednesday at noon, 
were available in the Student Organizations office, located on the 
second floor of the Student Center. 

As of Friday, only one candidate, Ma;k Fannon, had filed for the 
position Fannon was named by the committee to fill the at-large 
position on an interim basis until It selects a permanent member. 

Teacher Ed Program Meetings 
For Sophomores interested . in elementary teaching careers, 

especially multicultural communities, the Teaching Education 
Program (TEP) will be holding meetings this Wednesday, Thursday, and 
Friday . 

The meetings, to be held at 4 pm in the conference room of MC 508, 
wil l introduce UC San Diego students to the TEP department and 
provide inform,ation about the program . 

Abortion Film Set 
Tonight at 7:30 the Kennedy Research Center's movie "Who Shall 

Survive?" will be shown at ', he White Lodge in Del Mar. Accompanying 
the film on abortion will be a lecture on the subject by Ed Farrell, from 
the San Diego "Right to Life" Council. 

The presentation is free to the public . 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45,,5 :30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

UNWANTED 
PREGNANCY? 

~@@(QJ !Xl@~~ " ~@~~ 
~~@"~~il ~ 
Women's 

Medical Clinic 

c:5ocid.'l fo'/. th£ q:J'l£u'tIJation of 

J0422 p.'/.£unh 

liS ~£(4~~ 
lll).-

May 6-May 11 
Tuesday through Thursday 

9:00-1 :00 
$2 .50 UCSD students 
Friday and Saturday 

9 :00 and 11 :00 
$3.00 UCSD students 

Sunday All Night 
$3.00 students 

extra added attraction : 

1\f?11f?f? ~catel§f)1l 
Black Jazz Record Artist 

CATAMARAN HOTEL 
Mission Beach 

for info call 459-6679 

LeV"S 

Monday, May 5, 1975 

Suspect. · · 
Continued from Page 1 

shift in the hotel. When he came 
to work Tuesday, the hotel 
manager told him he was being 
released, pending his court 
proceedings. 

Faupell went to court April 25, 
and his preliminary hearing is 
scheduled for next month. 

Faupell insists he did not take 
the jewelry, adding that the 
combination on the hotel safe 
hasn' t been changed in five years 
and that common knowledge 
among hotel employees includes 
the combination and the 
whereabouts of pass keys to every 
hotel room . 

He feels he is being used by the 
police as a show piece, because 
the people who did take the 
jewel ry have gotten away with it. 
He says the police have nothing 
on him except that he cou ldn't 
get to the station for another 
polygraph test. 

"Rubber Hose Out" 

Barton says he can not reveal 
the nature of the evidence 
Faupell was arrested on, but 
added that Faupell can obtain 
copies of the police file on him . 

He denies any attempt to 
coerce Faupell into confess ing, 
sayi ng "the rubber hose went out 
with the dark ages, but there's 
such a thing as advising a suspect 
of his rights as different from an 
interrogation ." 

Fritz Fehrensen, the hotel 
manager who fired Faupell, says 
he did so after consultation with 
the hotel's general manager. 

" We do not wish to employ a. 
person on these circumstances. I 
told him he had a good chance of 
being rehired when cleared," he 
says. 

Fehrensen says the safe 
combination has been changed 
since the robb('ry and also 
Fehrensen added that about a 
dozen employees know the 
combination . 

Because of the S100 for the 
bailbondsman, Faupell says he 
did not have the money to pay for 
sc hool registration, which was 
due two weeks ago. 

He says when he went to the 
extension office and explained 
thiS, he was si mply told that the 
payment had to be in on the 
deadline. 

The Extension office denies 
ever speaking to Faupell. 

And, neither the robbery of the 
hotel nor the arrest were reported 
in the La Jolla Light, the town's 
local paper. 

SPECIAL GUEST STAR 

PllOElllnow 
THURSDAY MAY 8 

:; SAn DIIGO GOLDEN HALL 
\ All Seats Reserved: $6., 5'1 4. 
::. Ticket. Avail.bl~ at San Diego Civic Ineatre Bo, 011 ice . 
'.:: 3rd and "8" Streets . Hi~hlander Men ' . Store. all Metro Agencies. 

.:.: 
ror Informallon call 236·6510. 

PrOduced b~ WOLF & RllrnlilUR (Ofl(ERTl 

The Neatest Things for Mother 

at the University Bookstore 

IT 
DISH-WASHER 

. IT 
" U<J 

t 
• 

USE IT 

Triton Times 

Go ldzi m mar • • • 
continued from pag , 1 

New Employment Opportunit:es 
Many of today's jobs requiring 

"muscle" are not as demandi ng as 
one might expect, she said . With 
proper traini ng, women are 
entering the fire fighting, police & 
secur ity fields and finding 
satisfying careers . The advent of a 
more mechanical society has 
made many of these "physically 
demanding" jobs well within the 
reach of many women . These jobs 
can be challenging and offer 
good financial compensation . 

Various service types of em-
ployment are now opening for 
women also, said Goldzimmar. 
Work in the technical and repair 
fields , previously unfilled by 
women are now a Viable 
possiblity for women, provided 
that they can obtain the proper 
training. 

Goldzimmar went on to discuss 
women's role conflicts when 
looking for and obtaining em-
ployment. Can a woman work 
and have a family? This is a 
personal decision, however, as 
she stated that a' woman can 
"juggle as many roles as she 
wants to." Women were not born 

to function as house ad -
minstrators ; mutual respon-
sibilities can be taken by all 
members of a household, she 
said . 

Goldzimmar pOinted out that 
many women today are shown, 
through various media, a model 
superwoman who is an excellent 
worker, a perfect homemaker, 
mother, political activist, and 
expert hobbyist. "There is no 
reason to assume such an im-
possible role model ;" no one can 
do everything, but others can 
help with the responsibilities a 
woman can not cope with , she 
said . 

Job Discrimination 
Another conflict, though not 

from within women, is placed on 
her by the outer world Women 
are called upon to justify their 
need for work whereas a male 
often assumes a right to work," 
Goldzimmar stated . 

At one point in the seminar the 
topic of job discrimination came 
up.Goldzimmar responded, "Take 
a look at an application form a 
man is seldom asked whether he 

Page five 

is marri~d May this not affect an 
employer's view of a prospective 
applicant ? .. meaning she's 
married, she can not travel or she 
is single so perhaps flighty . A 
double negative . is in operation 
because of a woman 's femaleness 
and assumed lack of devotion to 
a job." 

Goldzimmar went on to ad-
dress the position of women in 
management. The woman in 
management faces special 
problems which she must realize. 
I n the corporation the quickest 
way to advance is to become 
someone's protege. It is ac-
ceptable for a man to become 
someone's protege and work his 
way up the corporation ladder, 
but for a woman who will most 
likely become a man's protege 
there are obvious hazards 
However, as long as she is aware 
of this she can still be successful 

Goldzimmar warned women 
not to accept a secretarial job 
with a company in hopes of 
moving up. "The transition is very 
difficult to make from the steno 
pool to management," she said 

Yugoslav Dissident Mihajlov Jailed 
Continued from Page 3 

party and an independent 
newspaper, all within the legal 
framework offered by the system . 

As if to draw attention to the 
ad state of the Yugoslav 

judiciary, on February 26. while 
the trial In Novi Sad was still in 
progress, Marshall Tito himself 
made a public pronouncement 
naming Mihajlov an "enemy of 
the people ." Evidently, the 
speech from the throne sealed the 
professor's fate . It was expected 
that he would get the usual three 
to four years, but the sentence 
was doubled instead. 

Th Yugoslav press and 

judiciary do not show much 
independence from the policies 
of the government or tolerance 
for diSSident viewpoints. Fair and 
impartial trrals of political cases 
have yet to be noted . One of 
Mihajlov's statements to the 
court was that in Yugoslavia very 
few political offenders are ever 
acquitted . The verdict certainly 
did not contradict him . Rather, 
with unconscious irony it In-
di c ted him for "s landering 
Yugoslavia abroad" by alleging 
" that in Yugoslav ia there are no 
freedoms of speech or press ." 

Responding to the pro ecutor's 
charge that his article was anti-

Graduate Students • • • 
Continued from Page 3 

employment be given hail- time teaching assistantships. Through the 
cooperation and hard work of the c hairman and faculty of the 
Department of Literature, this demand was met in every instance, and 
the Department of Literature committed itself formally to the principle 
of halftime employment for all continuing graduate students in good 
standing In the program 

Now that teaching assistants in all departments face drastic pay cuts 
and layoffs for next year, we must come together on a campu wide 
basis to resist, and to formulate our own proposals for the maintenance 
of quality education in the University. The Literature Graduate Student 
Association has called a meeting of all concerned teaching assistants 
and other graduate students for tonight at 7 pm in the HL auditorium . 
Take a little time today to talk to the people in your department, and 
come tonight , ready to act. • 

. DW IBIPillft! 

.,... 

.. ...,-
1IdI ............... . 
,. ••• 1 ,..,. •••• 111 •• 
.... .. '_111I11III 
•• Il ...... 1. wt • .., 
IIrIIi .~.~ •• ' .... .., 

fIt •• d .... 
••• 1 ...... 

smmll--
QROISMONT CEIIT!R (714) 48'-"31 . 5600 Groumont Center Drive 

......... ~1 ( .......... , 
............. 

Yugoslav propaganda, M ihajlov 
provoked a chuckle In the 
courtroom ' " When P~es ident Tito 
peak s, nobody call s it 

progaganda ," But judging by the 
severity of the sentence, the 
professor presumed a compar ison 
which the court was not prepared 
to brook 

The Increasingly notorrous case 
of Miha jlov , a qUiet Dostoevsky 
scholar untrl ten years ago when 
he became a symbol and was 
suddenly catapulted Into the 
limelight, poses a serious moral 
challenge to the Tlto regime. It 
can easi ly lustl fy harsh self-
defense measures against ex-
trem is t terrorISts . Bu t Mlhaj lov IS 
a lone IndiVidual , committed to 
non-violence and freedom of 
express ion for all 

The price M ihaJlov personally 
has to pay is enormous. But the 
persecution of this symbol of 
independent th ought i ., 
Yugo lav ia may co st Tito 
whatever credibility his ingenious 
blend o f " self -management 
socialism" and tightrope walking 
may still enjoy in the West 

Perhaps Mihajlov summed it up 
best in addressing the judges: 
" According to our Constitution, 
every Yugo lav has the right to 
express his opinion . If that were 
really so, I would not be here." 

The Church of Con,ervallon 
.Invltes You To Be An 

O RDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR OF NATUREPEDICS 

Our fa t growing church I 
ctlvely seeking envlfonmE'nt 
oncious new ministers who 

lieve what we believe Man 
hould exi t rn harmony With 
ature. We are a non- tructure 
aith, undenominational , With n 
r adit lonal doctrine or dogma 
enefits for mini ters are 
1 Car Emblem and Pocket I D 
2. Reduced rates from man 

otels, motels, re taurant , ca 
ental agencies, etc Ou 
irectory lists over 1,000 prestlg 
stabl bh ments xtendrng an 
utomatic cash discount. 
3. Per;orm marrrage , baptisms, 

funerals and all other mrnlsterial 
function; 

4 Start your own church and 
pply lor e emption from 

property and other tax(' 
i::nclose a free-wlll OotIatton lor 

he mini ter's credential and 
pockethcen e Your Ofti.natlon I 
recognIzed '" aliSO states .. .,d 

5t foreIgn countries 
CHURCH OF CONSIRVATION, 

OX 37S, MARY ESTHER, 
LORIDA ]256', 



Page six Triton Times 
t 

Dead Members -Make It Alone 
KEITH AND D< NA· Keith Ind Donnl Godchlux. 
Round Records 

TIGER ROSE • .obert Hunt.. Round Records 

I t would be easy to type these two albums as 
plnoffs from the Grateful Dead legacv, denying the 

artists' recognition on their own merits , With the 
Dead still recording, but in a scaled-down effort 
compared to past years, it would be tempting to 
view these albums as fragmented parts of the 
legacy, which, when grouped all together form a 
whole Dead substitute for what is now a 
fragmented Dead. 

But, bqth Robert Hunter in "Tiger Rose" and 
Keith and Donna Goldchaux in "Keith and Donna," 
have successfully produced albums meritable in 
their own right. The Dead influences are there, but 
they serve as a base from which Hunter and the 
Godchaux's develop their own music. 

Hunter is best known as the primary lyric writer 
for the Dead , His infatuations with Mexican bars, 
pirates, and western heros are set aside for the ~ost 
part in his first solo album , Instead, there IS a 
straighter dealing with sunny Naturalism, a girl with 
flowers in her hair near a stream. It's moving 

'towards a "Sugar Magnolia" pole and away from 
"Mexicali Blues ." 

Back in the days when the Dead were not the 
Dead, not even LSD-taking Palo Altoeans, Hunter 
was a folk singer, performing with Garcia, Joan 
Baez and others in folk festivals in the area . He still 
is a folk singer, but his tales and sort of Irish 
balladeering voice have taken on a seventies 
context , which means the musical ex-
perimentations of Garcia-Weir-Lesh provide a 
supporting layer for Hunter's vocals . 

Election for 
Representatives 

to the 

I n fact, Garcia plays lead on the album . a direct 
link back to the archetypal Dead. His gui tar is, as 
usual, multi-dimensional and just plain great. His 
role is the same on Keith and Donna, providing the 
continuous strain for the branchings of Donna 
Godchaux's voic~ and Keith's voice and keyboard 
work . Donna provided background vocals for the 
Dead. Keith added keyboards. 

Donna can Join the throng of new excellent 
female singers by virtue of her effort on this album . 
Her voice denies description, but it could be 
characteri~ed as a bubbling adolescent. 

Keith 's piano and organ are lively, playful, 
weaving the full textural threads around both his 
bayou-sounding singing and Donna's. All elements 
combine in a really happy sounding album, a result 
that is the successful ly-achieved progression from 
the album's first signal of a picture of a two-year old 
cute but sour-faced kid as the jacket cover. The kid 
is Zion, and his generation, more so than ours, will 
be the ultimate beneficiary of the moods and at-
titudes fostered by the music on these two albums · 
and forthcoming albums by the Dead and its 
members. 

Fatty Acid Group 
To Perform Here 

Muir College Council 

The Fatty Acid Group of San 
Diego, a group dedicated to inept 
performance of great and 
academic musics of the past, will 
perform a concert-demonstration 
In the Center for Music - Ex-
periment, 408 MC today at 8:30 
pm. Current members of the 
group include Warren Burt, a 
fellow at the Center, Ronald AI 
Robboy, San Diego Symphony 
cellist and David Dunn, currently 
director of the electronic music 
studio.SDSU . 

May 14/15 For the concert, the group will play, for the most part, music 
from the school of Hy Cage, a 
prophetic musical cartoonist of 
the 1930's. 

Candidate petitions available 

at Muir Dean 's Office 
and must be subm itted 

by Thursday May 8 

In addition, the group will also 
perform their personal favorites, 
Wagner's " Prelude to Tristan und 
Isolde," Victor H rbert's 
"Badinage," Lehar's " Merry 
Widow" and various anthems, 
hymns, and marching songs from 
the People's Republic of China . 

The concert, sponsored by the 
Center for Music Experiment, is 
free and open to the public . 

... . .. , .. 

Monday, May 5, 1975 

Brave New Pong 
by lim Shipmln 

StIff Writer 

I t's getting a little ridiculous out there, folks . I don't mean to rob 
anyone of the joys of life, nor even begrudge anyone making a 
buck but what could be more decadent than a Pong-a-thon? That' 
right: "Pong" has now become organized with t~e announcement 
by KFMB radio that they are sponsoring the first national tour-
nament sometime in the near future . 

At a rather ineffectual press reception last week , KFMB unveiled a 
scheme of " nationwide ramifications" that will begin in San Diego. 
It seems that local establishments that have the game will "evolve 
their own champions," all of whom will eventually gather in the 
Sports Arena " in a championship flight. .. dotted with cheering 
sections, marching bands, live play-by-play coverage, and a par-
tridge ina pear tree ." 

WhIt is Ponllf 
Now, for those of you who don't know what Pong is, it's that 

electronic game that simulates tennis-I'm sure you cou ld ask a 
friend if you're still in the dark . However, due to some sort of 
business arrangement that I don't understand, the game has a new 
design and a new name : "Flim-Flam." A player can select the size of 
his "paddle" and the..speed of the "ball," he can even choose to play 
"doubles" if he has a friend with enough time to waste . If you can 
picture four people sitting around on a Saturday night with nothing 
better to do than flinging around an electronic blip, then you have a 
pretty good idea of what Huxley's " soma" is all about (re-read Brlve 
New World.) 

I'm not at all convinced that the promoters of this thing are 
themselves serious about it. It would be nice to get a letter saying 
" hey, it was just a joke, man," but I have this awful feeling that 
they're really going to go through with a Pong-a-thon. 

Meanwhile, back at the press reception I met local record holder 
and self-professed egomaniac Roger Guy English, Continuing his 
assault on Guiness' Book of World Records, Roger promptly an-
nounced that he would play Flim-Flam for seven days running to 
inaugurate the record for this category (Longest Electronic Gam 
Played??). He already holds the world's records in such innocuous 
events as treading water. kissing , twisting (five days), sleeplessness 
(12 days), and joke-telling (three hours of Bennett Cerf-what 
punishment!) . The !!uy sure is dedicated. 

. Mobile Unit 
He doesn' t have the details worked out yet, but rough plans ca ll 

for him to be ensconced in some sort of mobile unit in Mission 
Valley . Hopefully, shoppers and friends will stop to play him a game 
or two Roger repeatedly stressed that world record attempts are a 
group effort--he needs the emotional support of friends and well -
wish r to sustai n him . So if you happen to be wandering around 
Mission Valley in a few weeks, drop in and see history In the 
making. 

There is of course a distinction between a world record attempt 
and a mas;ive waste ~f time, i .e. the Pong-a-thon . I have Visions of 
100,000 peed freaks locked in the Sports Arena for ?ays.on end, 
frantically clutching their paddle levers while developrng flrst:ciass 
backache from " flim-flam crouc h," The more I think about It the 
more ridiculous It all seems, but in all probability the national Pong 
champ ion will soon be doing shaving cream commerCials at fifty 
grand a shot, while I sit here like Cato the Younger and mourn the 
10 s of the RepubliC . 

"Being Beauteuos" Is Theme 
Of Chamber Concert at MRH. 

B'eing Beauteous is the theme of the unique 20th Century Chamber 
concert presented by UC San Diego music faculty and student 
musicians tomorrow at 8 pm in the Mandeville recital hall. 

Contemporary composer Hans Werner Henze drew inspiration for 
BeingBeauteousfrom a first visit to New ~ork City in .1962. Oppressed 
by the teeming atmosphere of the city, hiS composition Incorporated 
all the pervading ble.nd of sweetness and apprehenSion, decay and 
danger ot the metropolis . Beverly Ugdon, soprano, joy HUlsak, harp 
(both noted local artists), UCSD faculty member Peter Farrel and UCS.D 
musicians Mary Lindblom, Alice Conally, Lori Kirkell, cello and Marlin 
'Owen, conductor, are featured in this contata . . 

Glossolalia, (speaking in tongues) by Richard Felciano, a work In 
which organs such as timpani, cymbals and other rnstruments . are 

~x horted to glorify God. Participants in this ritual for percu~slon , 
baritone and organ are : UCSD musicians Vincent Russo, barrtone ; 
Heidi von Gunden, organ, percussion; Dennis Dockstadter, percussion , 
Tony Sheppard , tape; and john Celoha, conductor. 
---------------------------------1 

uc SAN DIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

(PsAGrtn. .... ds). 

I The unoffiCial Fly With u!; for 
state Qlrd . PSA, has a song 10 eleven Cities 
more flrghts connecllr.g WanllocatchaPSAGnnnrnQ' 
northern and southern C3h bird? ThaI's easy Just catch 
lornla than any other airline up With your campus rep 

.. -._--.... 

Monday, May 5, 1975 Triton Times 

Lenox Quartet Here Next Week 
Acclaimed , "worthy to rank with the most elite 

chamber groups today ... " by the San I ranCI SCO 
Chronicle. and the " Mo,t DynamiC on the 
o\mprican cene .. " by the New York Tllnes, the 
I cnox Quartet, sponsored by tt-> UC San Diego 
MU<;IC DC'partm nt , will prewnt an Innovative 
program next Tuesday at 1\ 00 In the Mandeville 
Auditorium 

rhC' program , Haydn's Quartet in A Malor. and 
Ilrahm's Quartet in A Minor, plus a San Diego 
premier 01 ontemporary compo r Ezra Lader-
man '>, Quartet #4 , commissioned by the Lenox 
Quartet, I indicative of the en emble's versatility , 

The group, Peter Marsh and Delmar Pettys, 
violrn , Toby Appel, viola , and Donald Mc all, 
cello, has appealed equally to the neophyte, the 
chamber music fanatic , and groups of all ages in a 
multitude of concerts all over the world . When not 
on concert tours, the Quartet I In demand for 
lec ture demonstrations, workshops and seminars in 
co lleges and other institutions. 

The Lenox Quartet 

Scene /rom "Doli Giovanni" 

UCSD Opera Studio 
Presents 'Mozart High lights' 

The UC San Diego Opera 
tudio is off to a flying start with 

" MOlart Highli ghts" to be 
presented Thursday at 8:30 in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

scholarship for its students . 
Singers of the opera workshop 

will perform scene from fOt,!r 
best known operas by Mozart 
" Porgi amor", "Cinque, dieci", 
"D h vieni" and Sextet from the 
Marriage O/Figaro ; '0 Isis and 
Osiris," " Ach, Ick fuhls" from 
the Magic Flute; " Batti , battl ", . 
" La ci carem" from Don G/Ovanm 
and " Donne mie", " Ah guarda 

The concept of the Opera 
Studio rnaugurated by mUSica l 
di rector Thomas , and notE'd 
baritone john Large, IS threefold 
a young Artist Opera Theat l'r 
which will perform minlat llf(' 
operas by American compo~('r' 
th'is june, an experimental opl'r.l 
group, and a student opl'r, 
workshop . Members 01 I hi ' 
workshop - from the coml11l1nlt\ 
at large, and the UnIH'r'll\ 
community - re ive I1ll1'l ( 
dramatic tralOlOg and ''''LillI! 
roles sui table 10 their (1(', ('lop 
ment and needs from "dnddrd 
repertory , 

ThiS concert is the first in a series sponso red by 
the UCSD Music Department in uppor! of 

Tickets are available at the Student Center Box 
office 

Health Sciences. • e 
Continued from Page 1 

was earlier proposed 
1 hiS will require an annual 

hea lth ~clences operating budget 
at current prices of $114 million 
In 1980-81 , $6 million less than 
anticipated In the earlier budget 
The curr nt operating budget for 
the health SC I nces IS $110 
million 

Optometry Program Expanded 

Included In the proposal IS 
$600,000 In planning money for a 
new program that would provid 
lacil ltles for additional expansion 
of the veterinary medicine class 
to 160 students, In response to a 
legislative directive in the 1974-75 
budget Early rough stimates of 
ca pital costs come to $13 million 
lor Implementation of the 
leg islature' intent , (The e capital 
costs and a corresponmng in-
crease of $2 million In annual 
opera ting funds are in addition to 
the costs contained in the 
University ' revised health 
sc ience program i nce this is a 
newelem nt.) 

The revi ed program will 
prOVide proper accommodations 
lor the optometry program at 
Berkeley where the School of 
Optomf'try faces serious ac-
creditatio n problems becau se 
prew nt ~ pa ce IS gros Iy 
Inadequate However, the ad-
dition to Warren Hall to ac -
to mmodate increa se d 
(' nrollments in the hool of 
Public Ileal th at ' Berkeley has 
been ellmlnat d from the current 
progra m A li ghtly reduced 
enrollment increase IS now 
l)roJected and some activities will 
continue to be housed in off-
(ampu rental space. 

A t the I rvine campus, the 
reVised program provides for a 96-
,tudent medical school class, as 
was preViously planned, but 
reduces prOjection for interns 

and reSidents to 588 from 620 
Included In the program is 
cons tru tlon of a ba ic sC iences 
building , for which a lederal 
matchln!; grant IS already 
availabl ,and a 2 bed teaching 
ho pllal, both to be on campus. 
The on -campus hospital and 
chnlc are "e ential In ac-
(ompll hlng the ",cademic ob-
jectives of the Ca lifornia Coil ge 
of Medi Ci ne at IrVine and 
provides ca re in the most rapidly 
developing area of Orange 
County ," said Hitch. The Orange 
County Medical Center, located 
I n Santa Ana, i in a relatively 
over-bedded community, and 
plans ca ll for a reduction of 200 
beds there. 

At Riverside. no change is 
contemplated from the previous 
program which provided for 24 
medical tudents who would 
complete their basic science 
in tructlon at Riverside and then 
transfer to UC Los Angeles for 
their clini cal instruction. 

In his letter to Gov' Brown, 
Hitch not d that the governor's 
budget included no tunds for the 
UCLA-Riverside program and 
urged reconsideration "based on 
the need for these student , 
('xpecially In relation to our 
reduction of 28 students per class 
dt DaVIS, the cos t effectlvenes of 
thiS program , and the com-
mitment to students air ady 
enrolled In this on -go ing 
program " Hitch pointed out that 
to accommodate 24 additional 
medical tudents at IrVine, capital 
costs would amount to $18 
million ; at Davi s, capital costs 
would substantially exceed $ 18 
million ' at Riverside, the estimate 
is slightly more thon $2 mi Ilion 

At UCLA, the program provides 
for an entering c lass of 146 
IIwrflcal <;tudents and" Ihird-vpar 

Get 
If you are Interested or have knowledge in any of the 

following areas : Fltms, Lectures, DancelDrama, Music 
(Classical, Contemporary, Folk, etc .), or Gym Concerts 
(Rock, Jazz , R&B, Folk, Pop), and want to help schedule 
Ihese events for next year, then you can apply for a CPB 
subcommittee. Sign up through Thursday ,~, 'Y 8th , at the 
Arts & Lectures Office, Student Gentel, or Celli x4090. 

Involved 

class of 182 students, including 24 
~t udent In the UCLA-Riverside 
biomedical program It also 
pr OVi de for the previously 
contemplated increase in 
nurSing and dentl try 
enrollments 

Th re I no change at an 
rranClsco either. where funding IS 
Includ d for a new dental chool 
budding (for which malor fed ral 

~upport IS already designated) 
and for new facilities In Moffitt 
HOSPita l and renovation of the 
Langley-Porter Neuropsychiatric 
In tltute. 

Support TT 
Advertisers 

Make Friends 
Impress People 

Show you're not really a clod 

LEARN TO pLAY RUTE 

CI.,"icel inltruction by en 
e.perlenced fluti.t 
Beglnne .. welcome 

Call 452-807& 

orella", " La mia Dorabe lla", from 
Cosi Fan Tuttewill be performed 

Fourth College presents 

Bahia Bash 
Campus-wide semi-formal dinner dance 

at the Bahia Hotel overlooking Mission Bay 

" 

Tickets available Mondey· Friday 
12-3 Rev.II. Pia .. 

everyday at Box Office 
Tickets limited 

$6.001 peraon 
May 9th 

SUMMER EMPLOYMENT 
WITH THE SENSES BUREAU 

The SENSES BUREAU is an undergraduate research 
group at UCSD supported by the National SCience 
Foundation . We are presently looking for a lew talented 
undergraduates (no graduating seniors . please) to work 
w ith us (FOR PAY!) this summer on an envlronme~tal 
study of the San Diego-Tijuana r~gion . Deslr~d 
qualifications include fluency In Spanish , leadership 
ability , high academic standing , a strong interest in 
environmental research (particularly air pollution and 
regional planning) , writ ing abi li ty and experience In 
computer programming . Interested? Pick up an ap-
plication at 3261 Urey Hall prior to Thursday , May 8. We 
will carefully review all applicat ions and contact the most 
qual ified appl icants for a persona l interview. The Senses 
Bureau IS an equal opportun ity employer. 

Get offon 
the 

DOUBLE 

© 1975 roberr burton assr/( , lId 

Why take the time to roll with two papers, and lick 
twice IOf one smoke? With double-width e-z wider 
you roll one, lick once and you're off! There's no 
faster easier way to roll your own. And there'S no 
bettef gummed paper made. So roll with e-z wider 
and get oil on the double 



Page eight Triton Times Monday, May 5, 1975 

~----t------REY-ELL-E-STU-D-E-NTS-. 4-po.hI--one-openW h at's Hap pe n ing ------B-AK-E-S-A-LE-. -Fo-urt-h-C-OI-I.g-.-.p-o-n.-ora---
.. Im.m. fOf" Revelle Provoet OffIce. I I I it ••• cond bake .. I. todey. Revell. 
Job of an Intern ia to further develOp meetOlngs activities Plaza 11 am. Cli/5, 
and ateff the Revelle Commuter and 
ltudent Advocecy Centar. For llJ1.lI '-----------... ElectIoN to Muir 

"71. Pick UP 
Muir 
ThurMliy May 111/7' 

All atudente I........... in joining an 
I __ ment club pIeeae contect Alen at 
....... 1117) 

Cou ..... ng and PaychologlCIII Servlc .. 
will beIIln a Social Valu.. DI.cunion 
Group on Wed. May 7. 1:00 pm. 
Coun •• llng C.nt.r on Matth.w. 
Campus C_,. Group i ... peclally for 
thoe. wanting to di.cov.r and .xplor. 
the need for alternetiv •• oclal v.lu ••. 
Contact B.tty. Jim. or B.cca .t 462· 
31'56. 15/5' 

Applic.tion. ar. now b.ing tak.n for 
.tet.wid. committee .ppointm.nt • . 
Grads and und.rgrads. S.. S.ndy. 
Student Orgenizations . 2nd floor . 
North. Stud.nt C.nter. lind' 

REVELLE STUDENTS: Rev.lI. Can,· 
mittee on ColI.g. Affairs IRCCA' 
elections May 21 /22. Petition of 100 
word .t.t.ment and 2 pictures mult be 
submitt.d by May 7th. Petitions R.velle 
Provolt Offic •. R.vell. R •• id.nt Oe.n·s 
Offic. .nd Commut.r and Stud.nt 
Advocey C.nt.r. 16/21' 

ecedemic .chool y .. r. Contect Student 
Employm.nt.11I7, 

Weight . Group Sterting. Concerned 
.bout your weight? Group at COUR-
aellng C.nter for people dealing whh 
weight problems. Beginning Wed M.y 
7. 1·2 pm. MC _ C1I12' 

Third CoU.g. S.nior. who h.v. 
declered their Candidacy for June or 
August Graduation make sur. your 
nem. app.a .. on n.t post.d outaid. the 
Academic Advising Offic.. Urg.nt. 
16/14' 
" l.cture Not.... . A n.w stud.nt 
organization approv.d by the univ.rsity 
ar. now b.ing .old in front of USB 2722. 
Qu.lifi.d gr.d. upp.r divilion .tud.nt. 
& A'. ar. t.king the not ••. $5.00 for the 
full quart... not.. in typewritten 
s.ntflnCe form. 

P.ych 19· 
And.rson 

Ch.m3b · 
Osterreich.r 

Times Sold 

T. Th 12:30 

M. W. F 2:46 
15/7' 

Fr •• day at Arica M.y 17. from 10 am to 
5 pm. We·r. et 2900 Sth Av • . C.II 296· 
3322 for furth.r inform.tlon. C~/51 

UNDERGRAD PHOTOGRAPHERS 
Organizing Gallery Show. Show YOUr 
work. Corne to undergrad. Artlats 
Union m .. tt", Mon. Student Center 
Loung. 4:00 lli/li' 

All UCSD Studenta. looking for a 
career? Brown bag lunch. John Pinto. 
A_t. R .... rch Eng. at UCSD will 
di.cu.. outlook. in Biom.dical 
Engin •• ring Mond.y 12:00 in the 
Stud.nt C.nt.r g.m·e conf. rOom. C6/6, 

Rev.lI. Commut.rs · Speak· out. Brown 
B.g Lunch Mond.y 11 :30-1 :30. Com· 
mut.r & Stud.nt .dvoc.cy C.nter. 
Lower Blak. loung • . 15/51 

ALL TA's and Gr.d stud.nt • . A meeting 
to discuss r.sponding to . and 
org.nizing ag.inst the proj.ct.d 27% 
TA budg.t cuta for n.xt y •• r. ALL TA's 
in All campus d.pts .r •• ncour.g.d to 
com. and particip.t • . Man 7:00 pm, H· l 
Aud. I5/5' 

Pauline lart • Irown bag lunch at 
Women's Canter, noon, TUM, .... don. 
atudIee _ ...... l1li, 
The R.v.lI. Program Board present. 
music on The Rev.Ue Plaza. Tuesday at 
noon. Ilil5' 

4th CoUeg. pr ... nts B.hla Ba.h. Semi. 
Formal Dinner Dane. M.y 9th at the 
Bahi. Hot.1 ov.rlooking Mi .. ion B.y. 
Pric. ".00 per p.r.on inc Iud •• dinn.r. 
tickets .vailabl. at the Box Offic • . 
Ev.ryon. w.lcom.. tick.t. limit.d. 
15/91 

REVELLE STUDENTS int.r.st.d in 
helping to pl.n ORIENTATION ac· 
tiviti.s . brown bag lunch. Provo.t·. 
Offic. patio Tuesday. 12 Noon·l ·30 P.M. 
On. going •••• ion. wiH b. on alt.r· 
nating Tu.sday & W.d • . at noon. 15/51 

AASA m •• ting for memb.rs inter •• ted 
in helping tour during high schaal 
vi.it.tion • . W.dnesday 4:00 Blak. Hall 
15/51 

Gay Stud.nll Meeting · Man 7:00 pm 
Blake Conf.r.nc. Loung. . N.w 
memb.r. w.lcom • . ISIS' 

t-----~----Advertisements for Ourselves 
for sale 

Hand. CB 360 four 73 1/2 mint can· 
Extr.· EI.ctric start.r. I.g b.rs. 

r.c.nt tun • • two b.1I helm ... must s.lI. 
make off.r. 488-8632. ISIS' 

Queen .iz. waterb.d; .tain.d fram.; 
lift.d platform; make off.r . 756-9678. 
John 15171 

M.tching couch Imak.s Into b.dl .nd 
• nd chair $36. Two slngl. bed • • • 15. 
Chlllrs. tabl • . off.r. l.av. m .... g. at 
462-8869. 16/5' 

M.n·. 25" Schwinn Contln.nt.l. demn 
good shap • • guiet and smooth. $80 firm. 
Paul 462·1048. ISIS' 

Auth.ntically r •• tor.d Victorl.n 
mansion. All mod.rn am.niti.. for 
comfortabl. living. Us. for hom. an· 
and / or bu.ine.a. Conv.ntion.1 lo.n 
available. Price $89,000 PAULINE 
BEAUREGARD. R.altor466·3227 1116/51 

Half· price chart.r for particip.ting 
sailors. Nic. 42· ft. skipp.r.d k.tch. 
Pug.t Sound and B.C. archip.lago 
.ummer. Writ. R. Lockerd. NI ·25. Univ. 
of Wash .. Seattle 98195. Ip6/1S1 

,\lew T.1. SR·50·s . W. can b •• t any list.d 
price. Q, ick D.livery. 2 y •• r guarante • . 
Call B.rt 452·9848 16/61 

Like new Alpha·Theta Bia-f •• db.ck 
machine w ith .ar phone • . N.w $300.00 
I'm broke. must s.lI. $125.00 454-n42 
Ip5151 

Gibson SG Special EI.ctric Guit.r 
w I case $200/ best off.r488·3372 15/51 

'S9 Toyota Corrolla. only 52.000 mil.s. 
.xcell.nt cond o m.chanlcally & 
IOtherwis • . r.d eKt.rior. b.lg. int.rior. 4 
sp.ed •• 1.000 ca.h 263-6847 15/91 

Sylvani. Solid Stat. St.r.o Ca .. ett. 
w / own ampllfl.r. AI.o many cass.tt.s. 
$100 Bob 270-514615/5' 

Hewl.tt·Packard HP·36 calculator and 
.cc.s.ori ••. 1 ~ ye.r. old. Asking $160. 
462·9703. A.k for f:.an 15/71 

Skiis . Sid.r.1 19'11 om. Look · N.vad. 
bindings. Br.nd r .J.. n.v.r b •• n used . 
$200. 488·8617 btw n b-4 pm 15/121 

Moving · H.rly Davidian · 1974 . 34 mi. 
P.rf.ct 25% off ~3f6. Firm. Cabl.iock 
.xtra . standard ""he.ls. Fr.d 463·1932 
Mon· Fri. 96 pm I~J5/. ' 

6'9" Oce.n Cr, .,.1 custom mad. 
.urfboard " Hot Sick" Good .hape 
$69.00 2n·7010. 15 '7 

Yamaha 360 Enduro. 1972. 4000 m,les. 
$560. 464·1256 15/~' 

Garrard 40B turntabie . $30. low power 
r.c.lv.r · $36. 2 small sp.ak.r. $15 for 
pair. or $70 for all. l.wl. 488-6595 or 262· 
6888. C5/71 

Five larg • • healthy. gr •• n turtle • . All of 
them or p.rt of th.m best offar. Marc. 
481 ·,..15 15/51 

F.ntaltlc Ludwig Drums.t. Am.zing 40 
hp 5 pl.ce 14 ft. IIke-n.w Bo.t laround 
$tOO,. 462·1123. Frank. 15/51 

Ford Fairlan. 66' GT 390 Xin' t; Y.m.ha 
guitar with d.luxe cue. surfboard.; 
9'6" H.w.ii.n. 7'0" Roundtall sp •• d. 
S'10" Swallowtail. Off .... Gary 756-5958 
15/51 

HP-45 $200 or b.st offer. call Ted 756· 
5958 15/ 51 

1966 EI Camino. mint condition. low 
mll.eg., n.w tir ••• rims. transmission. 
4-spd .• h.ad .... mu.t ••• to .ppr.clat • . 
$1200 753·2670 .vening • . 15/121 

Sony TC·186 St.r.o C .... n. d.ck. 
Exc.llent condition. $180 or be.t off.r. 
566-8646 aft.r 4 pm. 15/51 

personals 

Get your te.th into som.thing juicy I 
Th. Food CooP. Biak. Hall In.xt to the 
Ice ream Hu.tt." 10-4 dally 11)6/61 

Anyone who saw a c.r b •• h into the 
p .... ng.r .id. of my littl. blu. Ford 
Cortina on Mond.y. 4/28. in the Rev.lI. 
p.rking lot. OR. if yOU .r. the stupid 
p.rson who did it . pl .... c.1I 278·0471 . 
15/51 

Dear Rich.rd. the p.intlng is fentastic! 
thank you. lava. Ginny 1116171 

Dear Grady. Frank's ponies and your 
very sp.ciai friend Carlin Humungus 
want.d us to wish you. v.ry h.ppy 
birthd.y for th.m. love always. Ro and 
Dorothy 15/51 

Venu.: (event: W.d.1 What can I say? 
Thank. · E ISIS' 

Sarah. I enJoy.d dancing with you at 
the Int.rnation.1 Stud.nt·s Danc. 4119 
and I'd like to s •• you .g.'n. Call m • . 
Rich Ifrom State' 582·5126 15/51 

M. you ov.rload my r.sistors and cau •• 
my current to flow. R 16/51 

Sh.rry . Ice cr.am Is gr •• t . but. d.te 
w ithout the crunch is b.tt.r .ny dey. 
Gu ... who. 15/51 

Elbatcid.rp: tnod yrrow. '1m noitinuma 
.ah ton nur tuo. T.gr.t ecitc.rp si 
elb.liava 'Ina .mit • . Nugtohs 16/51 

O •• rest K.n: You have the good ...... 
on campus · so •• ys my roommat • . I 
say you·r. good alill ov.r .. Aiw.y. 
watching 15/51 

Math 2B in 2202 · To the girl who war. a 
dress onc •• nd I.vi'. the r.st of the 
tim.. Pie ••• we.r the dr... .g.in. 
SaGret admir. r. 15/51 

Steve Pap.dopoulo. : 
forgott.n you . Did you 
str.wberry pl.? 16/61 

have not 
like your 

Hey! Hav. you .v.r wanted 6 h.ad.? 
For a nominal sum I'll s.1I you this 
outstanding Dokord.r 7060 r •• I· ta-r •• I: 
Auto rev.r... recording in both 
directions, echo •• ound·on· .ound ••• If· 
contained AMP·TO sp.ak.r. dir.ctly or 
through your .y.t.m. built In ·P.A.' 
.yst.m. Must s.1I . $300 or best offer. 
c.1I Brian. 452·9848.15/51 

Oav,d congratulation. on g.tting into 
grad .chool. Too bad you' II mi •• the 
draft. w. "e.d you in right fi.ld . Steve 
G 

Lind. : Kahil Gibran wa. wrong. Steve 
15/51 

Infamous Gom.z : You are the 
L.scivious incubus of R.v.II • . " Marry 
M.at" 15/51 

Room Sitt.r. fru.tr.ted at midt.rm.? 
rake h.art. I' ll m •• t you at ·Th. Dance' 
May 10 in R.v.lI. Caf. to r.l.a ••. 
S.cr.t Admir.r 15171 

Stagnant. G.t it out and .h.k. it .t ·Th. 
Danc.· May 10. R.v.lI. C.f • . It' . b .. n a 
long tim. comin.' Lady EI.ctrlc 15/5' 

Paul.: I have • p ... lonat. d •• ir. to 
m •• t you. wh.nev.r I ••• you my h .. rt 
throb. with .nticipation. Will I ever 
m •• t you? I c.nnot wait much long.r 
b.for. my p ••• 'on con.um •• m • . Your 
•• cr.t m .dmir.r. 15/51 

Sluggo, m •• t m •• t the u.u.1 plac • . 
Nancy i. in Milpita • . W. have all night. 
p ... ion.t.ly. Aunt Fritzi 15151 

CDC·M.rtha i •• voy.url OMS 15/51 

To the guin •• pig of Argo 2: W.rning! 
Th. blo lab i. looking for subject •. 
Schro.d.r and the Bitch next·door 15/51 

Sus.n: Thanks for cl.aring the haze. 
Well, you all hav. my numb.r so if 
anyone car •• to r.p with m •• nytim •. 
rap on. Alb.rt 16/5) 
Athietic Supporter: Th. Padr ••• re only 
like.bout 32 time. bett.r than the 
Athletics. So. lik • • hahl MSS 15/51 

"When Dust.r's du.t becomes the sa,l 
and lucifer's the light." Biue Oy.t.r 
Cult IB .O.C.I 15/51 

housing 

F.mal. Or Mal. Hous.mate ne.d.d. Till 
end Jun • . North Mission Be.ch. $92 
pius utI. 488·7032. 718 San Rafa.1 PI. 
15/71 

Want.d : Femal. roomi.s for 
Clairemont apt ... own rm .• p.rt. furn .. 
inc. ult .• $66; 12 min. to sch .• bus nearby; 
Summer & prob. Fall ... 270·5999 ISIS' 

Femal. roommate ne.d.d immed. in 2 
bdr. townhouse apt. n •• r UCSO. Pool . 
sauna. gard.n. sorry no p.ts $601 mo. 
463·5618 15/B! 

Oani.h physici.n vi.itlng UCSD de.lres 
to swap his I.rg. hou •• in b •• t .r.a of 
Cop.nh.gen for a hou •• In la Jolla or 
0.1 Mar from Jun. 15 to Augu.t 30th. 
Call Ms. K.rabay UCSD Radiology 462· 
3295. I p5151 

IMMEDIATE I M/ F· room for rent in 3 
bdrm house ,n La Jail. $87.50/mo. Dogs 
OK. 464·5071 any tim. ISIS' 

St.nford Un,v.rsity prof . family of 5 
ne.d local housing. July 23 thru Aug. 
25. " or 3 bdrm. furn i.hed. und.r $500. 
Or trade 4 bdrm. hou.. on Stenford 
c.mpus. Jul •• lustlg. x2994. Cp6/51 

Sh.r. a doubl. room in 3 BR house on 
Nautllu. St. at Wlndan.ea Beach. N.ar 
bu.. Furni.h.d. Spac. for 2 p.ople 
• tarting June 15. for whol •• umm.r and 
n.xt y.ar. $80 month p.r p.r.on plu. 
utilitl ••. No .mok.r • . " ·1210 eft.r 6 

Share apt w l l other. On Windan ••• 
B.ach. Sup.r plac.: B.lcony, patio. 
garag.. $220/mo. .ingl.. or coupl • . 
T.rry 
x256fi; 464-4673. 15171 

Wanted femal. rOom mete to sh.r. r.nt 
w l two mal.s . Non· .moker and 
veg.tarian. Priv.t. room In 3 bedroom 
house. Your .har. $80.00. No peta. 488-
3778 15/71 

FM Roomm.t. want.d; Ig . 4 BR Solana 
Beach; $8O/ mo.; XC local.; oc.an view; 
private w / y.rd; Ava11. M.y 1 .. 756-9678. 
15/71 

4th ColI.g. Jr. n.ed. Roommat. for 
Fall 75 on or off campu •. F.mal. only . 
463-9621 16/51 

" FOR RENT: O.lux D.pl.x in Pacific 
Beach. 3 B.droom. 2 Bath Cloee to 
Mi .. ion Bay Golf Cours., B.y. Shops. 
La Jolla .nd Fr •• way #5. $300. p.r 
Month. Plea •• Call 46t-6754.'· IpS/7, 

Roommat. want.d for 3 b.droom 
hou •• in CI.'r.mont area. st.rting 5115. 
$8O.l mo. & ut .. own roam. 274-4986 16/51 

Condominium for rent. Room for 4·5 
p.opl • . two c.r g.r.ge. patio. 2'1. bath. 
furnish.d . Av.il.bl. Jun. 15-Sept 15. 
Sh.lby 462·8996 15/71 

2 iov.ly I.dill. n •• d 2 rooms house Or 
.pt · summ.; only · up to $l00/ mo. D.b 
756·5368 or 481 ·9480. 16191 

Avail. May 8; 2 BR duplex in 0.1 Mar; 
yard ; carpeting " 756-4815 15171 

wanted 

Rid. to Santa Barbara. we.k.nd of May 
10th. Will shar. ga. and comp.ny. Call 
Betsy. 481 ·9637. Ip5/91 

Two John Denv.r tick.ts for May 6, 
S.D. 756·8623 or2n·3371 . ISIS' 

Travel Comp.nion: To Gr.ec., then to 
India . Kashir. N.pal ar.a. O.bbie 481· 
0275 15/51 

Rid. n.ed.d to S .F. Bay ar.. any 
w •• k.nd in May. Will shar. 
driving/gas. Pi •••• cont.ct Kim 488· 
8632 15/5' 

Teachers in all subjects lor summ.r 
s.ssion at small cr.ativ. priv.t •• chool 
in Solana Be.ch. Mu.t h.v. at lea~' d 
B.A. Contact ISA. 481 ·0700. 1116/51 

Sp •• d R.ad.rs 1600 wpm o r mo,o / 
want.d for Psych experiments on 
re.ding. $1 .88/hr. Call x2542 Id.vl 436· 
4329 lev • . 1 l.av. name .nd phon. nO. 
Mark. 16/9) 

[ services 
Wd=u:i P'JLLED. ground clear.d ano 
cult,vat.d lor VEGETABLE GARDENS. 
Expert pruning and trimming of .hrub • • 
/\';09 • . end trH'. Dlgllinll. AI 271· '1120 
15/5i . 

TYPIST FBlt . 
Call R.ch.1 .t 

Tran.c.nd.ntal M.dltator.: Adv. 
m .. tlng and group m.dltetlon tonlt •• 7 
pm in R.v.lI. Informal Lounge. Joe 
RI.k.r. ___ • 210-1140 IIIMSlIIII' 

Surf Club mHtlng Wed 1/7 7:30 pm. 
P&L 1117 to dl.cu .. movl. & fund • . 
C1/7' 

W.d. Wom.n·. C.nt.r. 7:30- to dlecu •• 
po •• ibillty of fr.e birth control .Kam. 
and info. Anyone w.lcom • . W.C. X2023. 
Ann 463·0387. or Zoey 462·1727 for more 
info. 15171 

Semin.r on the Christian F.ith tonight. 
7·9 pm. loung. of Univ.r.ity Church 
Fre • . Topic: .. Hop . ... ISIS) 

In m.mory of all the world'. p.ople 
that di.d for Vi.tnam . 2 hour can· 
dlellght vigil on R.v.lI. Plaz • • W.d. 
May 7. the 5th annlv.r.ary of K.nt 
State. b.ginnlng at 8:00 pm. 15/71 

Come and I.arn Polyn •• 'an Dancing 
with us . Stud.nt C.nt.r Tuesd.y at 8:30 
and Int.rn.tional C.nt.r W.dnesday .t 
6:30 . .ign.d Th. H. Noeleni D.nc. 
Company. 15/51 

Th •• i. typl.t • • 1.0 diss.rt.tion • • t.rm 
paper •.• tc .• 10 'I •• " typing .xp.ri.nc • • 
starting home busln.... competitive 
rat.s, call Barb.r • • 279·1441 . IpS/91 

RESEARCH AIDS . North Am.rlco·s 
larg •• t s.rvlc •. For c.talogu ••• nd $2 
to: Essay S.rvic.s. P.O. Box 1218, 
Niagr. Fells. N.Y. 14302. AI.o. campus 
r.pr ••• nt.tiv •• r.quir.d. PI •••• writ • . 
416·386-8549. IpS/61 

Summ.r work back Ea.t. Earn $2436. 
C.II469-0661 . 16/6' 

Tune up • • light rapair. brak ••• • tc. Good 
work. low pric • . Mik. 462· 161215/19' 

Ilost & found] 
In S.minar room in Tenaye Hall la.t 
qu.rt.r. one blu. ski jack st. 
In H· L Aud. la.t qu.rt.r. on. copy of 
H.g.1 and one copy of CoplHton. 
Contect J . Kav.nagh. D.pt. of Lit .. H· l 
Build. 15/51 

Found: Sw.allhlrt in Court 7 et 7 pm 
Tu •• April 29. 436·2124 ev.ninll" 16/6' 

lo.t: Sala. & Hill. CALCULUS On. and 
S.v.r.1 Variabi ••. If found . I.av. in TT 
office or call B.rry .t 462·9046. 16/6' 

lost. Silv.r " Icthu." n.cklac. .nd 
ch.in on indoor voll.yball n.t on Sun 
4/27. Plea •• call Ron 756-3623 15/51 

lost about 4 wks ago · Gold c.l.nd.r 
Waltham watch w / brok.n b.nd & 
crystal. Pl .... r.turn. Call 481 ·9147 Or 
270·55n. 15/51 

travel 

Chart.r & R.gular airlin. tick.ts. Phon. 
469-4415 University Trav.1 2241 Av • . D. 

~a Playe. la Jolla, Ca. IpS/30'$ 

EUROPE· ISRAEL· AFRICA· ORIENT Low 
co.t flight •• tour •. the whol •• tudent 
bit. At our offic. ov.r 200 FREE non· 
commerci.1 pamphl.ts. brochur ..... blg 
bucks .avlng. ESTC 510 W. Sixth. Suit. 
318 L.A. 90014 12131623·2121 I pS/61 

EUROPE · ISREAl· AFRICA Student 
flight. y •• r round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11887 S.n Vic.nt. Blvd. No. 4 
l.A. C.llf. 1OO49 
T.I: 1213'826-6689,826-0966 IpS/61 

SSW Tr.v.1 Offic • . ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'l Stud.nt 10. Eurail. Ho.t.1 Cards. 
Tripping Magazin.. .tc. UCSD in· 
t.rn.tional cent.r 462-0130 11 am-4 pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Clos.d Tu •• ·Thurs. CpS/61 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL ORIENT. low pric •• . long and 
s hort flight. . Limit.d sp.c • . 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1_ 
W •• twood Blvd. LA 90024 (213' m ·'121 
or4n·1112 (1/11 


