
Religion on Campus 

Crusade 
for Christ 
theMan 

by James G. Solo 
cttyEditor 

One of the most active and vocal 
religious organizations at UC San 
Diego seeks to deal with people on 
an individual level rather than 
through an institutionalized church 
or community. _ 

The Campus Crusa~e for Christ 
currently has around 125 people 
involved in its activities, though it 
maintains no official membership. 

According to one of its full time 
staff members, George Post, a 
major goal of the Campus Crusade 
This is the third story in a con-
tinuing series about religion at 
UCSD. 

is to talk to individuals about what 
their impressions of Jesus Christ 
are as a person, and to direct in-
dividuals to a better understanding 
of how the person of Jesus Christ 
can better their lives. 

" If I speak to an individual who 
changes, then the society will 
eventually change," said Post. 

Jesus as a Person 
Thus most of the activities of the 

Campus Crusade stem from this 
effort to acquaint people who are 
i.nterested in knowing Jesus as a 
person to the life of Christ through 
a program of discussion groups 
and Bible studies. 

Campus Crusade for Christ was 
founded in 1951 at UCLA by Dr. Bill 
Bright who believed there was a 
need to address the problems faced 
by college students. In effect 
Bright founded a "mission" on 
college campuses not unlike the 
missions that operated to fulfill the 
spiritual heeds of people who were 
down and out in American society; 
and his mission would hopefully 
reach the college educated i~ 
dividual before he became 
troubled with the problems of 
drinking, drugs, and other forms of 
moral misdirection. 

Campus Crusade has expanded 
to over 450 colleges around the 
nation and to over 80 countries. The 
work of the organization has grown 
io include other missions beside 
the traditional campus ministry. 

Among its many ministries, the 
Campus Crusade has overseas, 
prison, military , ~va1escent 
home, international student, radio 
and television, and inter<ultural 
ministries. In addition the Crusade 
has special ministries for sports 
enthusiasts. One of these groups, 
the Ahtelets-in-Action basketball 
team, will make an appearence 
early in November. 
Studeuu Ma .... 1Ded tile MbaIItry 
The chapter at UCSD was 

founded six years ago 88 an off-
shoot of the Sail Dlete» State 
chapter of Barry Johnson, a staff 
member there. He found there 
were a number of students in-
terested in providing some 
religious activity on an otherwise 
dormant campus. Although 
Johnson didn't stay at UCSD, local 
students maintained the ministry 
for four years. 

Last year the Campus Crusade 
assigned POIIt, Tom Knakamine 
and Kathy Harding to full time 
staff positions on the UCSO 
campus. The staff provides their 
OWn funding by raising money 
from students and outside 

ontlaued on P •• 7 

Adlninistration on GSU DeDlands: No Change 
byRanAnbar 
Staff Writer 

Teaching assistants who participate in a "work stoppage" will be 
docked in pay for each section they miss, Chancellor McElroy said 
yesterday. 

McElroy made the corrunent in an interview discussing the letter he 
released late Tuesday in reply to a Graduate Student Union letter. Toc 
GSU letter reiterated the union's demands for 50% TA compensation, or 
its equivalent, for all graduate students needing it, yearly contracts for 
all graduate students signed the spring before, no increase in work load 
or section size and fee and tuition waivers for all grad students. 

The letter was appraised by several administrators, including Acting 
Dean of Graduate Studies Manuel Rotenberg, Vice~hancellor for 
Acadmic Affairs Paul Saltman, Assistant Chancellor David Ryer, Vice-
chancellor for Administration Bud Sisco and Councilef Provost chainnen 
Lea Rudea, according to McElroy. -

The administration's response pointed out that " although the TA ratio 

this year will not txl as low as last year, by using all funding sources our 
(UCSD's ) current ratio of 43.3 students per graduate student betters the 

-university wide state funded ratio of 46.5 students per graduate." 
In reply to the complaint that spring T A funds are already being used in 

the fall to lower the student/TA ratio, Saltman said the administration 
has told the departments to use the spring money because by then they 
will get money released by the state from the overenrollment fund. 

In response to the first demand made by the GSU, McElroy replies in 
his letter that this will not be possible. 

"To bring the average graduate student support up to the equivalent of 
a 50% TA salary ($4,704 ) this year would cost about $800,000. Funds of 
this magnitude simply are not available," he said. 

The GSU says $600,000 would be necessary, but McElroy insisted in the 
interview that his figure could not be met, either. 

McElroy continues to say in the letter that the departments are 
Continued on Page 7 

County Women Participate in WOOlen'S Day 
Local NOW' 
Splits Over Strike 

by Sara Lowen 
CommunIty Editor 

National Women's Strike Day 
was marked in San Diego Wed-
nesday by the fonnation of a new, 
"activist" National Organization 
for Women (NOW) chapter here. 

of the day's events, which included 
a picket at a Sears store, con-
sciousness-raising sessions, 
seminars, films and en-
tertainment. Sean; was picketed 
because of alleged discrimination 
in hiring women for executive 
positions. 

MUltancy May Be Necessary 
Linda D'Addario, local coor- The keynote speaker at the rally 

dinator for Strike Day, announced was Mayor Lorraine Boyce of 
the split from the San Diego NOW Escondido, who emphasized that 
chapter at a Strike Day rally " Women must act sometimes 
Wednesday attended by 300 people gently, sometimes aggressively in 
at the Women's Club in downtown realizing equality. Boyce added 
San Diego. 0' Addario said the split that there may be an appropriate 
was the result of a local NOW time for militancy in the women's 
chapter's "obstructionism and out movement. " If we have the field 
and out sabotage of Women's every time we are told we are 
Strike Day plans." According to being too aggressive, we will never 
D'Addario, the local NOW chapter taste victory," she commented. 
refused to sponsor or give financial Boyce urged women to support the 
support to information about the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA) 
strike from being spread by and said that women must get 
denying organizers NOW's mailing involved in politics and ac-

~an~d~~~~lis~ts~. ~=~~_~comodate changes in U.S. in-

The GrHt ,..,. .. Affair: Dely ... Will won the SO-pound 
,."' .... nlffled II, tile ue 58 .. Die .. Day Care C.nt.r TuelHy 
tIft.moon. The ,. .... in ••• "onne" by Paul M.re., manager 
of tile CtIMpU Mokstore ..... raff .... oH in 25-cenf chanc •• , 
witll llelp f.... tile EAI Frat.rnity. Th. Day Car. C.nt.r 
reported ....... $25 ..... tile raff ... 

T.., lit 9: 15 CWW .... fro .. the e.lIf.r will hoW. HaIIo ••• n 
,. ..... , hi co ...... , around M.ttH.I Camp... (n photo: 
...... •• y.n) 

A NOW spokesperson said that stitutions. 
the local chapter didn't support In her closing remarks at the 
Strike Day because they had rally, D'Addario said Strike Day 
already scheduled several major I was the beginning of a move "out 
events for the month and didn't of the mainstream and into the 
have the time to devote to Strike revolution." 0' Addario men-
Day. tionned the ERA, the displaced 

The purpose of strike day was for Homemaker's Bill, the class action 
women to show their "non- suit against Sears and suits against 
support" of the system by not companies who refuse credit to 
working, not spending money and unmarried or divorced women as 
not supportinl no&-feminist in- examples of the direction the 
stitutions, the media image of women's movement is taking. 
women or male egos. "The letter writing that the San 

Women's strike was first carried Diego chapter does is only one way 
out in Iceland last Friday, where to change. We will write letters, 
women left their jobs for the day, vote, march and strike, and we 
shutting down the nation's fae- won't stop unitl our dreams are 
tortesand stores. realized," she said. 

The Strike Day rally was the last Contin d OD Page 7 

Eliz.beth Chiment and Laura Zweckbronner I part of a group 
which entertained Wednesday's rally with songs about women. 
(" photo: Paul Jarvis) 
Alice on Campus: 
Meaning and Self-Discovery 

by Cathy Fitzmaurice offices took the afternoon off and 
Staff Writer toured as a group many of the 

'ThefirstAlice-Doesn'tDayatUC activities offered on campus that 
San Diego did not produce a mass day. 
strike of women, and did not even · According to Jones, they started 
reach all of the \\lOmen on the off by going as a group to eat lunch 
campus. at the rally, then attended the 

But to those it did reach, those Affirmative Action panel 
who participated in the noon rally disCUSSion, then sat and discussed 
and meetings throughout the what they had heard or their own 
campus (not to mention those who reflections on being a woman. 
went on strike), the oay was full of In the late afternoon the group 
meaning and self-discovery. had a meeting at the International 

Alice Doesn't Day, held Wed- Center with some, twenty students 
nesday, was supposedly a national and several faculty of Fourth, all of 
strike day, sponsored by the whom were women, discussing 
National Organization for Women, how they felt in their respective 
(NOW) and on campus by the Alice roles, what problems they had 
Doesn't Day Committee, the acting as oersons rather than 
Women's Center and various in- - " females" especially in leadership 
dependent groups of women on roles. 
campus. From this meeting the group 

"Fantastic" went to dinner, then went to a 
Doris Jones of the Fourth College lecture demonstration by a woman 

staff said, "We Fourth College astrologist speaking on campus. 
women found out we liked each Here the group finally broke up 
other and got closer as females ... it around 9 pm. The mothers 
was fantastic!" The women staff collected their children from 
members of the Fourth Provost COlitinUed 011 Page !. __ 

UCSO Margo Su.e de.crltel w ... lrl_ 
.poke lI.fore rally .t the uao .,_. (n photo: 



·..a.on .1 .. 
Rebuttal 

Bite the Bullet Strebel's Right to Criticize 
..,J.P ...... 

to ........ 11. bf mr All eoaId DIll ~1UIIIc:rIbe 
r..,.et to tbe InJuriauI laIJCuaIe , decent Umlta limply In order to be 
.-d In nference to Pro'-or It. beard at an. CertaInlY, it -- to 
BnaecIEner. me unjuatift.ble Utat it ... taken 

[A playftIDJ ................ 1 .. -.. ................. Craig 
Udlida '. 8I1ie1e C:iiiiIaI .... tile v ....... II ... eeIIItnL GtIt aD ... !] 

ftC pm.,1bI ...... 
taIIiII~I)'1 feel 1 __ be . , __ In 

However, I do Id feel lIIat same lIS maDa to eooclude-tJiIj beca_ Mr. Strebel baa Ibown Inquiry. With three bundred I'm glad to lei! that Martin Rachrin bu taken the time and effort to 
little reepec:t for tile etblcaI potential whne .... it would aeem warn us of the evila of gun adrol ((TI', Oct. 13). AI Raclwin pointI out, 
priDdp_ wbldllbould aovern the _sy to determine wbat a.ppenect lUll control would only force violent ...... to reeort to other weapoaa to 
Ilyle of crWdIm be IbouJd be In the daII of Scleoee 4B In a much pursue their agreatve and murderouI ilUntkJal. TakinlJbe gun from 
eUeaced, or bIB riPt to crlticile be Iborter time. n wu ~ not · aociety would be ~e, IIIowiIIC If not prodcIiIII, the 
eaaflned. It Is 10 euy, In.-til, nee I '''J to coDect tbe ,opIniCIIII of crlmlaallnto IIIinI weapaIII far more turtalo. tbaD mere .......... 
for perIOIII who baft power, to penana who were weIIaequ.intecl Gun control wouIdlnevitabb' deprive us of our COIIIlItutJonal riIbt to a 
charac:terire a crWeilm .. aD with the Profellor bill wIlD..... quick and painlell death, and Instead e~ .. to the terron of·belng 

turII, ....,. tit e..,.... an 
lIIlt ....... d aptIiDB: Fint, I want 
to IIIIke it car tbIIt I sbare the 
reedl. of IDJ eol1Mpes wltb 

Research 
is Vital, Injurious attack and dlsmlu it, DOt present at the lectures, Inorder assaulted by inltnments wielded to ~ torture and merdIea death. tbat I would pnier to leaD toward to conjecture whether tbe Hadwin cites lnatancea where hoiaIehold equipmeIIt sueIl ar "clubs, tolerance of abual\"e ~e In psychology and seasit1vlty of the ~u bats, a.JDQJen, a.ea, bows and arrows" could be _In Beu of 
Too the hope tbat it wUlimprove. lecturer would allow him to haRUKuns U the means of a vielent ~ B" theIe replacements are not Tbe ~ of tile Itlldent promptly perceive the reactions of ie horrid-tttey are admittedly a bit crude, taut they are oonetbelell swift , 

clearly came after the coone was the class. and effective. What is horrendous Is to Inlaglne wbat a determiDed, 
finished, so it could not bave i& studies of that sort can take a ruthless, sadistic person might use for a weapon if a gun wu not within 

AI a newly ' graduated high 
achooI senior wbo baa been fed tbe 
"same type of UC propaganda" 
that the "ue system offers you a 
quality education" (Judy 
Yamagata, TT, Oct. 27), I'm sorry 
to ftnd so many people here who 
harbor the same opinions as Ms. 
Yamagata. I I18ree that teaching 
should be a top priority, but 
research is, also, vitally im-
portant. 

nuenced the quality of the lectures. long time and in my opinion are not easy reach. 
Also, it is clearly a separate Issue useful, because we aU accept the ~ust take a quick glance around your kitchen, and look at the for- ' 
and could be dealt with in a notion that the professor is muiable array of weapons at your disposal, all cleverly disguised as 
separate action. One must also responsible for the coune he convenience tools for household tasks. Think of the vicious torture these 
take into account that in some teaches, as well 88 for finding out instruments could cause if only a crippled mind willed it. Imagine a 
circumstances it may be natural, whether his teaching is effective, husband and wife engaged In a violent quarrel; she nms into the kitchen 
though unacceptable, for a critic to whether a text or notes are to ann herself against the potential danger of her husband's attack but 
feel the need to scream beyond Continued on Page '1 because society has taken away her handgun, she cannot shoot 'him 

If the students here are 
dissatisfied with the type of 
education they are receiving, I 
suggest they transfer to a 
lUliversity where they will be able 
to receive a "superior education", 
one which is not hampered by a 
faculty of researchers, raUter that 
sitting back and criticizing our 
research oriented and " uncaring" 
faculty. 

Too many times people forget 
what research means to the world 
of medicine and science. It's my 
opinion that Ms. Yamagata made 
an Irresponsible statement when 
she implies that UCSD does not 
offer a quality education. Per-
son ally, I choose this university 
over the "name schools" and thWl 
far it has proved what I had hoped 
itto be. 

SffiRLEY WATKINS 

Writer Withdraws Support 
of CalPIRG Over Fee Idea 
While I have supported Cal-PIRG in the past, I totally resent being 

coerced into supporting any organization when I pay registration fees . 
The burden of collecting support for Cal·PIRG should rightly belong to 

Cal-PIRG and not to the Cashiers Office. Students should not be placed in 
a position of having to obtain a refund of their own money. 

Being at Scripps it is nearly impossible to get to anyplace on upper 
campus during the day and I would feel extremely put upon if I had to get 
to some location at a certain time to collect MY money from an 
organization I did not choose to support. As an earlier letter stated, this 
form of collection is preying upon student apathy, which it is, anyone who 
claims otherwise is either naive or lying. 

When the Cal-PIRG people get out into the real world, they might 
realize that collecting money for worthy causes is indeed hard work, no 
matter how worthy the cause may be or how zealous the collector is. 
People with a cause always feel the world should support them and 
always wonder why everyone else is not as enthusiastic as they are. 

I believe in the freedom of doing with my own money as I wish. I will 
not support Cal-PIRG until they drop their proposed collection tactics. 

LAV{.RENCE A.J&WYER 
SIO 

h~ely-no, she must instead brutally stuff his head into a nearby 
microwave oven. 
o T~ simple. sce~e of the family dispute being decided by the swift 
verdict of a pIStol IS transfonned by gun control into an ugly, gladiator-
type event : one person trying to carve his opponent into luncheon meat 
via a~ electric knife, while th~ other warrior maneuvers close enough to 
use hiS electriC can opener to hterally peel his foe's life away. How crude 
how primitive, how savagely uncivilized! ' 

A.nother very touchy subject is sUle.ides. By taking the gun from 
society, John Q. Public can no longer painlessly blow his brains out in the 
comfort of his own home, but must instead improvise in his final act 
perhaps suffering through whipping his brains into yolk by an electri~ 
beater. Have we no more respect for the human race than this, to let a 
man suffer during his own suicide? By taking away the convenience of 
the handgun, we make violence and death a painful, inhumane act. Great 
Gods, g~ve u~ our guns, and spare us from such a barbarous destiny! 

The sltuahon takes a turn for the worse when we consider the criminal 
without a gun. Minus his trusty weapon, the scoundrel will have to seek 
out new s~ur~s of power to keep his victims at bay. Perhaps the 
Crlmmal Will first resort to using a lawrunower to subdue his victims 
threatening to decapitate toes and mutulate small children and dwarfs.' 
But in no time he will progress to more devious and torturous weapons, 
such as ~h~lnsaws and arc welder.s. Equipped with only a long extension 
cord, Crlmmals could accost us m our own homes with such insidious 
weapons as a power drill . Do we want our fellow citizen drilled full of 

Continued OD Page 8 

Chancellor Responds to GSU 
Total Grad Support Here Better than Some UC Campuses 

letter (TI, Oct. 22-00. ) In which specific points ratio . m any department ; ap- brmgs th~ current totalto 168.1 TA waivers for all graduate students." This is to reply to your October 13 Now let me address each of your .. . 
you ask me to respond to the four 1. 50% TA' em 10 ent or.ts proprt~te work-loads to be FTE, which translated to a 43.3:1 I have taken up infonnally with 
demands advanced by the Union. equivalent for p ym d lte ~etermmed by graduate students und~~graduate to TA ratio. Up to 5 the Council of Chancellors the 

My ~lleagues and I have student, for the duer:~~n o~r~~er 10 e~ch department." addl~onal TA FTE are still advisability of proposing at the 
reexammed Ute graduate student stay in the ro ram. " It IS unfortunate but true th~t ~e po~lble from W.0rk.study~, p~~nt time that nonresident sup~ort situation on the campus. I As muc~ a~ we would like to ~dergraduate to TA ratl~ !5 which w~ld bnng the ratio to tUition ~~ required fees be a 
realize that TA workload increases achieve this goal nf rt t I 't higher than last year. This IS about 42 .. 1. Permanent 1m· prereqwslte of employment for 

, u 0 una e y I largely because the supplemental prove~ent m the undergraduate to teaching and research assistants. 
TA ratio, however, can only come The Council thinks that the time is 

This campus has always had a strong commitment to graduate 
education. I believe our current high level of graduate student aid 
in the face of declining support, demonstrates this to all. ' 

~ia ~tate f~ding. We, In con- not now propitious. Rather than 
Junc~l~n ":lth the system~ide tryln~ . to reverse a probable 
adrrunlStration, are aggreSSively negative decision I have decided 
advocation additional TA funds not to put the proPosal forward but 
and better ratios. rather to continue to discuss it 

have caused hardship to some, and 
Utat this situation is not conducive 
to the highest quality graduate 
education. However, I would be 
remiss if I did not point out that in 
absolute terms we are supporting 
more FTETA's this year than last 
year (168.1 in 1975-76 and 164.5 in 
1974-75).A1though the TA ratio this 
year ~i1l not be as low as last year, 
by usmg all fWlding sources our 
current ratio of 43.3 : 1 betters the 
uniYersitywide State funded ratio 
of 46.5:1. I 

As far . as th~ total graduate 
support Plctur' , on the campus is 
concerned, it s: lowd be noted that 
while not idettl, it is somewhat 
better than on IIthf,r He ('.ampuses. 
It }S estimated thht total graduate 
stl!iJent SUPPOIt r 1975-76 will be 

a~t $5J 350 ItO), f which teaching 
assistantshi",..1 account for 
$I?iC)O,OOO. The remainder is made 
up': ' of other graduate student 
support, primarily research 
asiJistantshlps and traineeships. 
Medon an estimated 1305 

g~uate students, the average 
support per student will be about 
$4,100. Approximately 92%of full· 
time UCSD graduate students are 
supported; this is the highest of 
any UC general campus. 
Nonetheless, we all agree with you 
¥ ~<Wi\io.na I sup.P9~ ~. ~~ec:! '. 

is not financially attainable. To 
bring the average graduate 
student support up to the 
equivalent of a 50% TA 
salary ($4,707) this year would cost 
about $800,000. Funds of this 
magnitude simply are not 
available. 

2. " Year·long contracts to be 
signed in the Spring quarter 
previoWl to the year of em-
ployment." 

We are working with the 
departments to achieve this goal. 
All State funded TA's will be 
allocated to the departments In 
mid-winter. The departments, 
then, will have the ability in the 
early spring t commit a high 
percentage of their anticipated 
tota.l T A positions on a year-long 
baSIS. Beyond the T A issue, we will 
encourage chairmen to " package" 
graduate student aid so that one · 
year support is awarded. Many 
departments, of course, do this 
now. If 'federal Work-Study funds 
are available for :graduate 
students next year , early 
cooperation with this program will 
Increase both the number of TA's 
available and the ability to make 
early year-long commitments. 

3. " No increase in student l'A 

over enrollment allocation we 
recently received is only one third 
the amount received in previous 
years. We have been able to 
augment significantly the 134.7 
State funded TA's by funding an 
additional 8.6 FTE from over-
enrollment sources, 15.7 from 
Work.study funds, and 9.1 from 
Biology training grants. This 

Within a department, graduate · Informally with the council and the 
student teaching assignments-just President. I believe the idea is 
as faculty teaching assignments- basically sound and it would put us 
are Ute responsibility of the In a good competitive position in 
department head. Some depart- the recruitment of the best 
ments have been consulting their graduate students. 
graduate students on this matter, Since its inception this campus 
and w~ will urge all. departments to has had a strong,' unequivocal 
es!-Bbbsh a regularized process for commitment to graduate 
thIS purpose. education. I believe that our 

4. " Tuition waivers for all out.of. current high level of graduate 
state graduate students; fee Continued on Page 8 

UCSanDlego 
John H. Taylor 
Edltor-In-c:blef 

Staff writers 
RanAnbar 

Pierre Bedard 
Barry Bovshow 
Betsy Chiment 

Special writers 
Charles Heimler 

Greg Hicks 
Edward Simons 

MarkWoelber 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J. Lowen 
Community editor I 

Dave Eilen 
Sports editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office IIUUUlger 

James G. Soto 
City edItor 

AnneUebier 
Copy editor 

Rick Rodewald 
Businels Ma_ger 

DanJelSbawler 
Artledltor 

Tad Sperry 
Photo editor 

Brian Davis 
Robin DeR!eus 
Steve Esmedina 

Cathy Fitzmaurice 
Karen Jerahian 

RonKato 
Frank Kazenki 

Margaret Krueger 
Tim MacKenzie 
Psyche Pascual 

AIanRuuell 
ScottSadil 
Bob Steiner 

KenSUpanov 
C8ryThomplOll 

Paul Wagner 
RachelZinn 

BUI ..... 
Theresa Bish 
Lauren Davis 
Kathy Monroe 
Doug Mooney 
Damien Moore 
Kenzie Nicoll 

PlIotAtarapby 
CharlesEu 
Paul Jarvis 

Nathan Meyers 

DlstrillalioD 
BlUWUson 
Prod1IeIilD 

Shauna Stokel 
Kristin Webb 

• •• 4 
, , ...... ' "t ••• , •••• •• '.I ••• ' •.•... .•. .•••• •· ··········· .. · 

NEW 
ELTON 
JOHN ' 
ALBUM for 

1 
66 

... plus ... 
His entire 

MeA 
Catalog BASF POliSHED FOR GREArER CU\RIf'f 

Blank Tape 

ALE 

choose 
from a 
selection 
of fine O. 5 aromas 

single tape 
$4.77 SPECIALLY MARKED PACKAGES OF ••• 

- - - - - 8-TRACK - -2 f~d~O Serier,5 !f'11!1'" 
S·309 .. " ..• 
reg. $3.09 each 2 i;rmance Series 

I-track 90 S2~~2 .. 9 •• 'h ,... .,.:lM at 1.00 each 
-- ------ -cAssEnE---- ---
,,~ O(l".t."; 

Buy 2 
Get 

1 FREE 
SPECIAL! !! 

HALLOWEEN NIGHT 
PARTY & SALE 
llI£AnR LOS _UU 
.. lIf...., 17401 Bellliowfl BI~d 866-0955 
...... , 11215 ll.ewood BtYd 862·8414 
""',.... 8818 SunsttBtvd. 657 4221 
Uq ..... 245 [ Fifth Strul 436 2139 
SeIItlI", 16807 H.wthorne BIYd .. Llwndlle 370 1277 
Torr_ 3822 Btvd 3755400 

Plcific leK_ 1321 Gilrnet Aven ue 270 5150 
ORANGE COUNTY 
An.IM,. 621 W 1 ,ncoln (7 14 ) 718 5898 
Cftu ..... 1813 Newport BI~d (/14) 645 0566 
,.,tlell 1_ 12122 Brnokhurst (1 14 ) 636 8080 

" .. ,1212 South 8mto; (7 14) 545 5269 

2d= pe2m~e. 
tofo ~ 

S269 S199 
reg. $2.69 each reg. $1.99 each 

Lim 

$1 00 OFF all LPs and Tapes 
reg. 5400 or more 

7:00 P.M.-3:00 A.M. Fri., Oct. 31 

SAN F£RNANDO VAlLEY 
C,n ... p,,. 6559 Topanga Cyn. Blvd 884 8234 
[nClno 18055 Ventura Blvd 996 4330 
Nor", HoII,.MeI 12802 VictOry Blvd 985 7900 
ReStd, 18142 Sherman W., 996-6600 
SAN GAl RiEl VALLEY 



....... 

'l1Ie 01' Trick or Treatmeat 

Last October 31, Greg Vlisto left his home at 6 p m to go "trick or 
treating." He returned to his home in San Diego about 9 pm, where he 
spread out his treats on the noor to. cull them. 

Greg bit Into the orange first, then went on to devour the rest of his 
goodies. By twelve that night, Greg was in the throes of what members of 
the drug culture caD a "bummer" or "bad trip." 

He didn't come out of the trip until three days later. 
Police' fomwic specialists said Greg, by eating half of the orange, 

irlgested enough LSD (a hallucinogenic drug) to keep every student at the 
nearby university.high for two hours. 

AM PUsen, l2 in Pittsburgh, also went trick or treating last Halloween. 
Anne's mother- .-ove her around .the city to make sure she wasn't 
molestect. Itcli.dn'thelp. 

Someone slipped Anne a candy bar made of a popular chocolate-
Oavored laxative. 

Doctors estimate AMe used the equivalent of five sequoia trees in toilet 
paper before her ordeal was over. 

Sadistic pranks like these have kept Americans in stitches for years. 
Figures compiled by several large life insurance companies show the 
trend is on the increase. What can be done about it? 

J . Harper Framm III has an idea : " Invest. " 
" Every year," says Framm, "the number of reported practical jokes 

on children trick or treating increases-and there appears to be no end in 
sight. To the smart investor, that means just one thing: buy. 

" The market price for razor blade stock, laxative shares and surgical 
silk issue regularly exceeds 10 per cent increases annually. These are 
definitely growth stocks with a virtually unlimited potential." 

Dr. Tyrone Lamar, investment psychologist and stoic philospher for 
Perrill, Pynch, Pierce, Penner and Psmith. agrees. 

" The profit-cutoff for these commodities is as distant as the horizons of 
human imagination," says Lamar. 

" During the late fifties and early sixties, the common prank was the old 
Ex-Lax candy bar. With the raising of the collective American con-
sciousness came an increase of drug-related pranks ; pranks which, until 
lately" rarely appealed to the average, middle American, church-going 
Protestant. 

The use of razor blades in apples, of course, has traditionally cut across 
all financial , racial and humor barriers. 

" Now, with the coming of the Bicentennial year," Lamar says, " we can 
expect a return to values that made America great-imagination and 
industry. 

" Today's sophisticated Halloween prankster need not rely on the 
hackneyed methods of yesterday. Today's prankster is free to be him-
self, no longer hidebound by societal mores of inflicting pain on children. 

"So the market for prank commodities may never bottom out," says 
Lamar. 

Los Angeles police chief Dave Edwards , in an interview, tells of some 
of the tricks perpetrated on children and what to expect in the future. 

"One of the best tricks I've heard of," Edwards chuckles, " is spiking an 
orange with male honnone. On young girls, the effects are often hair-
raising and always amusing. 

"Fragmentary Cracker Jack boxes are always good for a laugh, too. 
"lD the future, though, I think we can expect more and more exotic 

chemical adulterants. One of the most promising ideas I've heard is the 
~..:.of a newly developed drug that blocks all but the most necessary 
ne ... al pathways. The end result is a state of catalepsy, making the child 
appear dead. . 

'fAnd if McCulloch keeps making chainsaws smaller and smaller, we 
should be soon seeing them in popcorn balls." 

....... ,. 0e .... 11, U'15 

McCarran Act vs. Helsinki Accords: 
USLA Protests Barring of Blanco 

by Barry Bovshow department." 
Stan Writer According to the USLA, the 

denial for the entry visa came 
The United States Committee for directly from Secretary of State 

Justice to Latin American Political Henry Kissinger. 
Prisoners (USLA) beld a rally DepoI1edfntmPera 
Tuesday afternoon here at UCSD to Blanco, an author and labor 
protest the refusal of the United organizer, was arrested In Bolivia 
States State Depertment to grant after DrIlanizing agrarian workers 
an entry visa to Hugo Blanco, a In a 1963 struggle against land-
Bolivian political activist. owners. The movement was 

The purpose of the rally, held at suppressed ancl Blanco recelved a 
the Mandeville Auditorium, ac- 25 year jailsenteDce. The lldence 
cording to protest organizer, Mike was cha~ed to a death aeMence, 
Kelly, "ia to eqJOSe the hypc¥:risy but intemational pressure reduced 
of the Kissinger decision, and lay it back to a prison tenn. After 
the blame where it belonp - right • seven and one-half yean, Blanco 
on the doorstep of the state was released under an amnesty 

program of 1970. He was deported 
fnm Peru because of his continued 
-political involvements, and was 
later deported from Argentina. 
After the 1973 coup in Chile, Blanco 
was forced into exile in Sweden. He 
has since then tried to gain entry 
into this country to give a lecture 
tour. 

Kissinger acted in accordance 
with the 1952 McCarran Act, which 
allows the United States govern-
ment to deny visas to those who 
support " the economic, in-
ternational, and goverrunental 
doctrines of world communism." 
However, according to the USLA, 
this decision is in opposition to the 
Helsinki Accords , an in-
ternationally recognized 
agreement which grants free 

traveling and speaking privileges 
~ authors and lecturers. 

USLA ia usq the Helainki 
Accords as their basis to flgbt 

':Gss~er's censorship of Blanco. 
'According to Mirta Vidal, USLA's 
national coordinator, "Blanco's 
account of the 1973 military coup in 
Chile... would prove particularly 
embarrassing to the secmary of 
state, (if it came) at a time ~n 
Mr. Kiasinger's responsibWty for 
the CIA's Intervention in Chile ls 

beinge~" 
GovenaeMalM.t 8e' AeautaIIle 

Amcq the apeaken at the rally 
was Jack Funk, who spoke on 
behalf of Ten Hayden. Funk 
criticized the visa denial, saying 
that the government mast be ac-
countable to the people, and grant 
them the riglt to hear speaken of 
all viewpoirU. 

The USLA's campaign for 
Blanco is supported by many 
organizations and individuals. 
Among them are the American 
Civil Liberties Union, Southern 
California ; Daniel Ellsburg; Tom 
Hayden, California senatorial 
candidate: Senator Hubert H. 
Humphrey ; Herbert Marcuse, 
'UCSD professor; and Dr. &n-
jamin Spock, M.D. 

The USLA is using the Blanco 
case to help abolish the McCarran 
Act, which they see as undue 
censorship. They see the main 

ConlinlK:! on Page 7 

Mike Kelly, speaking at 
Tuesday's rally <" photo: 
Nathan Meyers) 

HIGH QUALITY, 
PLAIN.PAPER COPIES 

S33~500.000 
Unelainted 
Seholarships 

~~ 
• 7 •• 71"...... . 

454-5589 

Over $33,500,000 unclaimed scholarships, grants, aids, and 
fellowships ranging from $50 to $10,000. Current list of 
these sources researched and compiled as of Sept. 15, 1975. 

UNCLAItED SCHOLARSHPS 
11275 Massachusetts Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90025 
o I am enclosing $9.95 plus $1 .00 for postage and handling. 

------------------------I PLEASE RUSH YOUR CURRENT LmT OF I 
I UNCLAItED SCHOLARSHPS SOURCES TO: I I:;:. ' _ ,~~I I Ic.lifomia rwidtnu pie.- Idd 6" ... tax.l I L ________________________ ~ 

FrIday, 0e .... 11, lI7I I nlfJlI1 IIJ1('S 
Page five 

Shawler on Discs 
Beatles? Uh, Beer Garden Band? Stones? 

by DallielSbawler Too bad. They're good. . •••• 
AnI Editor There is not one bad cut on the musicians in the progressive jazi 

field. such as Ralphe Annstron~. 
album, although some are better . Ndugu (Leon Chandler), and Dan EXTRAVAGANZA 

ST ACKRIDGE. SIre Recorda 
At first I wondered what I had 

gotten. The first song I listened to 
sounded like it was from the 
Beatles' White Album. The next 
sounded like a Gennan beer 
ga rden band. Then came 
something that seemed to be off the 
Stones' "At His Satanic Majesties 
Request." These were aU followed 
by a piece that was a crou between 
a Sousa march and the jitterbug. 

Not knowing what to do, I rushed ' 
to the record jacket and saw that 
these were called "Benjamin's 
Giant Onion," "Pocket Billiards," 
""TIle Indifferent Hedgehog," and 
"Do the stanley" respectively. 
And on the other Bide there ia "No 
One's More Important than the 
Earth Wonn." 

That ia Stackrtdge, a Brttlab 
group, that ia said to "have an 
irreverent approach to DlWIic." It 
is the same group whose first 
single, released in 1971, was called 
"Dora the Female Ezplorer." Ilia 
also the same group that is 
unknown west of the Atlantic. 

than the others. The standout of Sawyer, Ponty has molded himself 
these ia "00 the Stanley." The a fairly good album. It is not 
Stanley in this case is a dance and without its faults, however 
not a Chemistry professor. The " Echoes of the Future," for 
song is a vehicle of proselytation example, is nothing but pure 
Imploring " Oh everybody electronic trite of the type that 
StanleylKeep it in the familytrhey UCSD music students should be 
can do the Stanley too." accustomed. 

stackridge seems to be in the But, most of the album is good. 
midst of a publicity push, and I can It provides an excellent showcase 
only say "good luck," and implore for the talents that make Ponty one =.'~pulace to "Do the Stanley of the most outstanding musicians 
UPON 11IE WINGS OF MUSIC. 
JEAN-We PONTY. AtlaaUc 
Records 

Jean-Luc Ponty's first solo effort 
since Joining ranks with J oM 
McLaughlin and his Mahaviabnu 
Orchestra ia not without its in-
fluences form the latter. &me of 
the electronic high velocity cuts 
could easily be mistaken for 
McLaugbJin numben if it were not 
for the absence of a lead guitar. 
But the best selectiona are those in 
dch electronic gadgetry are at a 
minimum. 

Receiving help from same top 

in jazz today. The record shows 
that if Ponty misses the guidance 
of McLaughlin, he covers it very 
wen. 

The best of the LP is "Questions 
with no Answer." As a piece 
almost totally devoid of electronic 
effects (the solo sounds almost as 
though Ponty played it on an ae-
coustic violin) its main strength is 
Its light melody, a form of music 
that is missing in progressive jazz 
today. The same is true of 
"Bowing-Bowing," an apt tiUe for 
a fiddle-type song. 

Although "Upon the Wings of 
¥usic" is not Ponty'S best solo 
album (for those you have to go 
back to the days of the Jean-Luc 
Ponty Experience) it is a good 
album, and hopefully there will be 
more like it in the future . 
MAMA'S PRIDE. Atco Records. 

This record is a huge en-
cyclopedia of rock music cliches. 

SO Music Scene 

, 

Mama'. Pride: Compiler. of rock and roll cliches. 
F!rst there is the lead .singer, Pat sound like hundreds of other songs 
Liston, who caMot smg, so he that manage to slip into the top 
screams the lyrics. There is the forty without any redeeming social 
bass . guitarist, Joe Turek, who value. 
repeats the same note progression The entire record is not that bad. 
throughout entire songs without There is one song (out of nine) that 
change. There is the drum- is good. " In the Morning" contains 
mer,Kevin Sanders, who imposes some catchy rhythms and chord 
~ lack of rhythm up?" ~e listener pro8fession that many people will 
I'!ght from ~e begmrung.. ~d like. There Is also some acceptable 
finally, there IS the lead guitarist, guitar work by Baker. But one 
Max Baker, who keeps flaying good song on an album is not 
aWIaY at his guitar without regard enough to warrant the five dollar 
to the proper c~o~ progression. cost, especially for this one. 

Pa:kaged Inside one of the It is hard to figure out why the 
sleaZiest album covers, the type of group is called Mama 's Pride 

mus~~ play~ will draw. more than because if Mama ever really heard 
one haven t I heard thIS before?" them, she would certainly not be 
per person. Not only do all the proud. 
songs sound alike , but they also 

Busy Weekend for Concert Goers 
This weekend promises to be another busy one for 

San Diego concert goers. ~ng hearts with their seasoned blend of rock, gospel, !azz and s~u~ . Each Disciple is deeply religious and it 
IS that spiritual foundation tha t Andrae claims is 
their driving force. 

Jean-Luc Ponty 

The festivities start tonight with the Ohio Players 
and the Pointer Sisters at the San Diego Sports 
Arena. The Ohio Players hit "Skin Tight" has 
established them as one of the top soul groups in the 
nation. The Pointer Sisters became America's latest 
rags-to-riches story when they were discovered on 
the Helen Reddy Show. The concert starts at 7: 30 pm. 

Two English rock groups are coming into San 
Diego's Golden Hall Sunday, at 8 pm when the 
Strawbs headline a concert with Gentle Giant opening 
the show as special guest act. The Strawbs have 
emer~ed as one of the better rock acts out of Great 
Britain, and the publicity releases taut Gentle Giant 
as the next supergroup from England. discover the 

Graduate Program 
in Judicial 

Administration 
at U.S.C. 

Nov. 3, 1:00 pm - 2:00 pm 

at Career Pla nn ing 

and Placement 

r-~---__ Sunday EPISCOPAL 
Services I n Area 

UCSD EPISCOPALIANS 11 :30 at 
Univ. CommunityCh. 

9595 La Jolla Shares Dr. 
Fr. Joseph Young ph. 452-0614 
GOOD SAMARITAN (meets at 
Morsey Sch .) 
2640Sederblom, University Ci ty 
Sand 100.m . (5.5 --011 ages) 
ST. JAMES BY-THE-SEA 
743 Prospect St . La Ja I/o 
7 :30, 9 (5.5--01/ ages) & 11 
ST. PETER'S 
1 Parish lone, Del Mar 
8, 9 (S.S. -all ages) & 11 

Andrae Crouch & The DiSCiples will return to San 
Diego for a special Halloween concert at Point Lorna 
College's Golden Auditorium, tonight at 8 pm. 

Recently acclaimed " The Top Soul Gospel Artist" 
by Billboard Magazine's poll of radio programmers 
for Andrae Crouch & The Disciples have been win-

Tne concerts on campus (see TI, Oct. 29, for 
details) will include Maria Muldaur at 8:30 pm in the 
gym, and Music faculty members at 8 pm in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

The Drama Department 
presents 

A DECENT INTO HELL 
................... ~ ie . . _. .. . . -.' - \ 

A HALLOWEEN EXPERIENCE YOU'LL NEVER FORGET __ 
PHANTASMAGORIC FESTIVITIES , SUPE RNATURAL 
CELEBRATION OF ALL HAllOWS EVE . OCTOBER 31, EVERY 20 
M IN BETWEEN 10 P.M . & 1 A.M. ONLY $.50 CENTRAL LIBRARY ie la f)IIa ..... tt ••• III .. ".1. 

ie 
ie 
ie 
ie ' 
•• 

• • 
• 

PiONEER kp 212 
PiONEER GiVES you ThEiR bEs:r buy. 

Hi.pERfoRMANCE ONly S79." ~ 
UOIUME/ BAlANCEIT ONE CONTROls : 

~ F.F. ANd REW ~ 
l' La j ol la Music ~ ~ AUTO EjECT 1128 Woll SI. "" 
~ EAsily iNSTAllEd iN MOST CARS ~ 
••••••••••••••••••• ~ 

'1 OUCH ESS OF MALFI 
BERTOlT BRECHT'S VERSION OF WEBSTER'S PLAY -- PER-
FORMED BY THE SAN DIEGO RPERTORY COMPANY AND 
DIRECTED BY MICHAEL ADDISON . NOVEMBER 7 & 8 AT 8:00 
P.M . IN THE MANDEVILLE CENTER RECITAL HAL L. $2.00 
GENERAL, $1 .00 STUDENTS. TICKETS AVAILABLE IN THE DRAMA 
OFFICE. 

J UCSD THEATRE SEASON 
SEASON SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR THE 197576 SEASON NOW 
AVAILABLE. SUBSCRI BE NOW AND SEE 4 PLAYS FOR THE PRICE 
OF 3 STUDEN T SUBSCRIPTIONS ONLY $4 50 AND GEN"RAL 
$900 AVAILABLE IN THE DRAMA OFFICE 



... 

".udio .... 
...... aetIIa, 
_ ............ 

... week. c.c by Amelia 
Riftra, IIIe S ' re beadiq f. 
• . .eclad COB I utlve .tate 
ch .1...... To teaIa will be 
... ~ a ... j ... Uy .. 11_ .t 
1IeaIe .. but .... _" .... for HIlle 
...,. ,.. ..... enr-. 'I'be meD .re 

~e1Ied ~ BrH ToIIo ud Laaee 
~ ..... ud. willi the WOIDeD. tlley 

"ye '~ tripl .. UC Sa_ 
-aarbara, Arlla.a a.d otber 
pielllUre apoll. Due.. a great 
...-mberotgnda.tlDg seaIoni, botb 
sqiiadi ...... e new playen. 
lDfo .... tloli about lbe !Wadlee 
lImeI ea. be obtalDed .t lbe 
ln~l'C!ellegiate Off,ce. 

frlh •• I ... 

Su'perior ' Play Inadaquate in Soccer Loss 
by SCOU SadD 

The victor of a soccer match, as 
in any sporting event, is deter-
mined solely by the final score of 
the contest. Complete control, even 
"domination", of a game's action 
is inconsequential in the final tally. 

The UC San Diego soccer team 

--soccer $far 
shows off some ball control in 
Wednesday's game against 
Tijuana Tech. UCSD lost, 3-2. 

fell victim to this maxim Wed-
nesday afternoon as they out· 
passed, outshot, outhustled. out· 
played, but were outscored, 3 to 2, 
by an opportunity-capitalizing 
squad from Tijuana Tech. 

The TT club took advantage of 
some unfamiliarity on the part of 
the Tritons defense to score two 
first half goals. Joe Wettstein, the 
regular goalie so far this season, 
declared before Wednesday 's 
game that he no longer would play 
his usual position. Doug Youngdale 
took over in the nets, and, though 
he made several fine saves, had 
some trouble coordinating his play 
with the other defensemen. Each of 
Techs two first half goals came 
after Doug had moved away from 
the goal to block a shot, and the 
Tritons falled to get contrOl ot the 
loose ball. 

UI.::SD had possession of the ball 
mast of this first period, but only 
sC'Jred once. Alfonso Gonzales' 
snort range one-on-one goal was 
,he Tritons only s uccessful first 
half attempt despite several other 
opportunities. 

Starting the second half on the 
wa.ke of Coach Rod Geiger's 
halftime exhortation to "get that 
goal back right away," UCSD 
again took command of the game. 
Several times in attempting to get 
close shots on goal, the Tritons 

overpassed and did not get many 
good shots off. Midway through the 
final period Gonzales did make an 
excellent centering pass directly in 
front of the goal mouth to Dave 
Youngdale who easily scored the 
tying goal. 

Tech came right back however 
and, on one of the few times they 
moved the ball into UC territory, 
scored again. This score came on 
TT's only well-kicked shot on goal 
in the game. 

Despite UCSD's furious late-
game comeback attempt, taking 
place mostly in front of Techs goal 
bllt plagued by more awry Tritons 
shots, IT was able to hold on for 
the victory. 

Coach Geiger could only state 
the obvious when he disgustedly 
sununed up the afternoon. "We 
completely dominated the second 
half. We controlled the ball almost 
the entire time." 

Sports and music fans will get a 
doubleheader at the Sports Arena 
tomorrow night. Following the 
basketball game between the San · 
Diego Sails and Virginia Squires, 
singer Lou Rawls will g ive a one 
hour concert. The game is 
scheduled for 7:15, with Rawls 
following immediately. Student 
with lO's will get a two dollar 
discount on $6 and $5 seats. 

Sports Workshop Guarantees 
Improved Self-Confidence 

If you have ever played shortstop and wished ~t a ground ~U 
wouldn't be hit to you, or if you are reluctant to take an unportant shot m 
your intramural basketball game, it would be useful for you to come to 
school tomorrow, between 9 am and 3 pm. 

"SeU-confidence is something that people always want, but don't know 
how to get. We'll help them channel what they've got and Sh?w them h?w 
easy it is to get more. I guarantee that anyone who comes WIll leave WIth 
more confidence than they came in with," said Charles Ginsburgh, 
originator of the Sports Officials and Positive Attitudes Consultants 
Organization (SOPACO). 

Ginsburgh 's club is putting on a one day workshop for "coaches, 
athletes, and sports fans," tomorrow in the UC San Diego Recreation 
Gym. Among the attractions will be a panel discussion with some of the 
area 's sports experts, including Padre pitcher Brent Strom, UCSD 
baseball coach Lyle Olsen, and Randy Miller, formerly a U~D pitcher, 
now a hurler in the Baltimore Orioles organization. 

The whole six-hour workshop is free of charge, and a no-cost lunch will 
be included. Sponsors of the event include the San Diego Chargers, San 
Diego Padres, the PE Department and Athletic Departments at UCSD, 
and maybe most importantly, Bell Brand. 

SOPACO, star:ted by Ginsburgh with help from jun,ior Rick C,rawferd, 
sprung from Bob Moss' self-confidence programs. fhe club IS .now a 
meeting place for officials, a training S?urce of se~-confldence 
techniques for everyone, and a group that prOVIdes OpportunIties to make 
money, such as officiating. 

n,e Triton Times is recognized by the Communications Boord of UCSD as the 
officio I student n ewspaper, Publication is on Mondays. Wednesdays and 
Fridays during the regular school year (e.cept on official holidays). Ediloriol 
and business offices are located in 117 Bloke Hollon the Revelle College 
campus, Universi ty of California , Son Diego. , . 

Leffers to Ihe Editor and opinion columns are welcomed. A ll subm,sslons 
should be typed on a 74-spoce line on nonerasable paper. They should not 
e.ceed three pages in length double-spaced. The Triton Times reserves the 
righ t to edit submissions because of space limitations or style requirements. 

For editorial . call 452-3466; for business and d isplay advert isements, call 
452-3468. 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssiFiEd Ads 
Bebe • Happy 5 yr Anniversary - f/, ot our 
lives together! I' ll love you loreyer L,sa. 
(10 /31) 

DenniS - Here's my ad, so when's dinner? 
Please no cod - like fish. Phone. is 453-
0796. love, Deb (1 0 /31 ) 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY SUE G They're all after 
you but we've got )ou! Enjoy your legality ! 
love L H & K. (10 /31) 

EGO - A new quane~y journa l lor the 8Qotisl. 
Romantic fiction / rationa l Ideas , Intro Issue 
Sl .50 Box31312SF , CA94131 . f1O(31) 

kousiNG 

Join the fun. PI. lO'" a ITennis Club con· 
dominlums 1 & 2 Bd 'm S23 ,OO()'S32.900. 
Poot , Jacuzzi. saunas ererelse rma. 4 lit 
tennis couns, securit) gllards. Key Realty 
222-0464 or 224-0667 (" 0/ 31 ) 

Ann. Cindy, El ic ia. Ma. Kathy , M ichelle, 
Maren, lize. Margll : Happy Halloween suit~ 
IeS! 

Loye, Karen & Lisa (10 /31) 

Ken Leypoldt Happy 21 st BD ! · The Gang 

Gaol Siaffo • Happy BD. We all love you 
(10/3t) 

BARBIE ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BUDDY 
Love ya' loads 

Tee (10 /31) 

To the Notonous Hym • have a horrid 
Halloweenl We love you much~Loose Lisa 
& Marvelous Martha, (10/31) rI" 

Graduale student in math. nood a quiet place 
near campus and on a busflne; preler Own 
room. If you can help, please drop a note in 
USB4070A or at the Math Dept. for Phong. or 
dropby4228lngrahamSt. *3. (10 /31 ) 

Clean Furnished two bedroom apt. on 
Bayside of 488 Mission Beach 1962 
w/parf< lng $220 month. (11 /5) 

Roommate wanted nlc •. 3 Bdr house on south F roommate wanted. Own room In Solana 
side 01 O.B. 30 ydt to l eliffs, own room - RpOc/1 dupl... . Ocean view, t ';" baths. 
$85.00 ptus 1 /3 util,lie, 22~7539 (fOI31) storage space, '9U In, u. ~t6t 2, 481 -9688 

aft 11 II. (10 131) 
Nice 2 Bdrm un' apt. :.220< mo. Near beach. 
cruiser. carnegies. 22 ,2 V a Apritia 755-ll192 
eves. (10/31) 

live at the BEACH wh • ."e . 's coo and quiet. 
Lg 2 BR lurn apt OIIerlool<lng Moonl ite 
Beach In Encinitas. Ideal tor 3 students· S75 
Per' mo. each, Coast Cruiser Service. 44 t 
Founh Sl. Enc lnifu or call 223·981i6 . 753· 
t 792. (11/7) 

U .. at Rancho La Cosla, brd nu ~bdr condo 
Inc JaCUZZ i, 2 Poot , sauna , flrepl. wetber. 
Irashmasher, d ishwasher Near coast crus 
but rmmates haye cars Own rm & bath 1251 
mo. all ull. paid. Call Gary, 438· t818, Jim. 
V 2-5008. (f 1/3) 

·fOR SAlE 
CaleUlators·HP21 .$118, HP22·t55. HP25. 
S182. SA5QA·$91 , SA51 -S140. 5 Day 
delivery. Send price plus 6 percent tax (prel. 
maneyorder) to Cheap Calculator Co. 6J.14th 
St D.vis, CA 95616 quest ions cali 800-952. 
5252. (11 (26) 

Amaz ing 1975 Honda CB400f (4 cyl.) with 
just 500 miles - only St 099. For a deal call 
Scott - 453-5036. (10/31) 

SALE 11 TurqUOise Jewelery WHOLESALE 
PRICES Call 455-5671 ask lor Fred custom 
orders also I'I (II 13) 

68 Pontiac Tempest - $500, 64 VW Bug. S550. 
453-8625 Hank (10/311 

BIC Venturi Formula 2. 3·way speakers. must 
hear, only S175 for Ihe pair, 4 months Old . 
Call Hal 453-3893. (10/31) 

5-Bll WI whls & tores Holley 350&CAM A ir 
Cleaner, Beck Pinlo 2 BBl Plenum for VW 
Fll OXt 5 tires. 755-2924. (10/31) 

Otd English Sheepdog 3 yrs , Very al· 
fentionate, trained. must have yard. 
reasonable 453-4556. (1 013 f) 

64 Ford excellenl condition. only 67,000 ml. 
S450 Call453·5259 . (10131) 

Exee . Desk & sw iyel chair. tock drawers 
Walnut top StOO.OO or best offer. 481 ·9207 . 
(11 /3) 

Full wetsull . Sea Ouesl Back Ziper, almost 
new $50.00, Call 48t -9207 . (11 13) 

SKIS! BOOTS 1 BINDINGS! Kastle . Nordlca 
. Geze Rally GT 190 CM. M 19 'h. everything 
ask $8O IB.O Call : 755-2543. (101311 

HOT SKISI Kneissel Aed Stars Model RSL 
Racer 19OCM, Immaculate. never used, brand 
new, no holos. Call 755-2S43. (10 /3tl 

Trumpet King Silver Flair, excellent COnd .. 
S4OO.00 or best offer. Call John evenings 
42().4521 , (t 0/31 ) 

Cock Rings lor sale, highest quality, all 
sizes. Cuslom lifting available. also teature 
discount Head jobe , Call Chuck .t 453.(J142 
or 0 .... at 45~9353. (10/31) 

WANTEd 
P,anlsts and guitarists. Need money? Read 
music? Good technique? Evenings trea for 3 
weeks beginning November I ? In terested in 
playing ,n a production of Camino Real? 
Con tact the Drama Dept. - 452-3791. GOOD 
PAY I (1 0/31) 

Need ema casn? Paying top dollar lor your 
U S SilYer COins minted belore 1965. Ken 
45.).7924. 111 / 25) 

To whoever turned In my shoes · thank you! 
Call me for the reward or let me say thanks . 
488·9758 , Beth. (10/31) 

SJAAOGA TE -- Therapist, expo not nee .. to 
train with M .D. for patient , good pay. Write 
Box 45068 San Diego 92145 , (10/31) 

Wanled : one Platinum bullet to dispose 01, 
annoying t emur In Blake Hall. Call Don K. 
or Tim 452-9740. (10/31) 

• SERVICES 
Workshops TBA In old master preparations & 
techniques . Drawing pastel , olis , still I lie & 
hIe. Bill 436-0709. (t 115) 

Are you edopted? Seeking nalural parents? 
232-6510 or P.O. 33272 SO 921 03 (10/3 1) 

People movers. Moving advice and 
asslslance . Very reasonable, Call Jeff 272-
3078. (11 126) 

THE WOOD DOVE-A gourmet Natural Foods 
Restaurant , recently opened In Solana 
Beach, 150 A""cla (Next to Another B ird). 
Open 11 -1, . Dinner from 5-10. Special offer: 
Fruit Smooth Ie, 45 cents . Oct. 15-Nov. 15. 
Tel 755-5810. 

Do you r .. 11y feel like Sitting up tonight to 
get that paper typed that w. due IMt -'<? 
Let me da It · call Sher 279-1418 Clalremont . 
(111<6) 

Collegiate _rtIl ald ... thoulllnds on Ille. 
SendSl lor your leo .-ve maN ardercat.,og . 
Ae_ch A,,'stance. 11322 Idaho Ave .2011 
LosAngel_CA90025 . 213-4n-8474 . (1/19) 

Typing . IBM Correcting Selectric. TIIII.II . 
mlnulerlpt · lei. & tech. E.perleneed. Jan X 
3194 (SIO) , (10/31) 

FLUTE lESSONS,CI .. slcat In.tructlon by 
experienced Ilu lis l with Eur. & Amer, 
training Ad.anew students as well .. 
beg inners wllcome . Dev.,op toni, 
technique. & musical Interpretalion . Leonard 
Fenlon . 452·11208 (11 /7) 

Blo/Chem Clinic Is open! Drop by Sun 7-10, 
Mon-Thurs 12-5 and 7-10, and Friday 12-5. 
(10131) 
Fall and Winter trimming and pruning. Ali 
trees and shrubs • ornamental. large, or 
small. Expen . Remov.'s, digging. or 
ptanting. Banks and hillsides cleared, re-
~eslgned, complete hauling . No job too 
dlll iculi. AI (early AM oralter 7pm) 277-3520. 
(11/3) 

Cal. Free fluffy black cat, apt . trained & 
spayed, Call 459-2570 alter 5 pm or all 
Weelcend . (10/31) 
Chris/lan Science Campus Counselors Ott lce 
hours 1·3 pm Friday, Nov 7th. B!dg 507 
Matthews Campus Relig ious Allalrs Office. 
Anne Halflund V&-5190. Paul Hofflund 279· 
2801. Home 453-52 t7 . (11 15) 

Typln; lor Adult. 8t1d Chlld~n 
We can teach touclHyping to seven· year-

aids and up. The new "Cover. Gulde" 
Program now enables young children •• _11 
as adulls to enjoy the many benefits 01 being 
ab:e to tOUch-type rapidly and accu ... ely. 
Individualized Inslrucllon Is allered In small 
private classes. Brush up colnee also 
available. For Inlormation , pleue ""II : 454· 
7167. Training Research Corp .. 74tO Girard , 
La Jolla. (11/4) • ...1 

. 11IAVH 
Europe. Israel, Orient , NY. roc 10w-<:O,t 
flights. Al st 1438 S, lllClenttgl BI. l .A. 
90035 . 714-544-9333 or 21U62-27V . 
(11 /26) 
SSW T .... , 011101, UCSD Intem8l10 ... 1 
Cenler, XMAS NY CNrtIlf 1208; M.amn 
camping $139; Cent. America 3 -'<I 
S479 .. .Inf'l Student to. Summtr Europe 
Clllln ........ 452-Q830, l'.nHptII, Mon. Wed. 
F rl only. (11 1211) 

losT II ruu.t 
LOll . Onegold "Croes"pen w /ln~IeI.8WP· 
LOll In HI_ on t0 /23. "'outld pi-. call 
453-5838 or.52-7~, (10 /31) 

Found : Navy blue zlpoup _trw/hoodOO 
Muir ParI< lng lot. Pick up In TT OffICe. 
fl0/31) 

Campus Crusade. 
• I 

organJuUon IIIch u ca.arcba. 
The Cruaade ataff coonlnates 

the varioua acUviU. at UCSD 
ineluding the Friday meeting, the 
largat replarly ICbeGaIed ac-
tivity; .. well u taIkInI to 
stude .... IadlvIcI ..... 

The Campua Cn.ade is no. 
denomiDaUoaal, ~ everyone, 
accordiDC to PCIIt .. weIcame to 
attend tbelr funcUon.. meludJng 
seculariItB and IlllllbeUevera. 

Poet said tbat Campu Cruade 
haS been cloeely ideldled with the 
Trident CbrIIaaa p~ and 
often spoIIICII'I actlYitiea with that 
organizaUon. TIle en.ade also 
works cloeely with many of the 
churches iD the community. 

Post, 'D, only became active in 
the Campus Crusade during his 
junior year at San Jose State. 
Previously to his iDterest in the 
crusade, Post said, "I was deeply 
involved in community activity, 
and W88 caught up in the radical 
movement." He said he was trying 
to find answers to the best way to 
lead his life when a friend asked 
him, "Knowing what you know 
about Jesus Christ as a person, 
why wouldn't you like to live like 
him." 

" Though I could find fault with 
institutions," said, "I could not 
find fault with Jesus." Regardless 
of background or culture," he 
added "Christianity gave me a 
message to communicate with and 
to build a community with." 

He joined staff at the San Jose 
State Campus Crusade and moved 
to San Diego State before coming 
toUCSD. 

Avail Ourselves as Individuals 

society is thi belief that truth Is 
relative. Thia belief, Post says. baa 
led to JlIItiflcaUon of a great many 
abuses Iw individuals. "People are 
desperately searchin,g for answers 
and IindinI none." PCIIIt asserted, 
"Mel tIU people are willing to 
aubIItit* anything to find the 
answer." 

Whe. asked what idea he would 
iDoIt Uke to apreaa to students, 
Poll replied 'that, "unless • penon 
places tbe same criteria Oil 00. 
reJilioua mattin as religious 
matters, be ja beiJIi dishonest with 
bimaelf." 

Brueckner .. _ 
available, etc. 

Thia brings me to what I Consider 
one of the most important points of 
the Issue and the reason why I am 
writing this letter to the Triton 
Times. Surely, a timely comment 
from Mr. Strebel would have been 
nice of him, but I do recognize that 
he had no responsibility in that 
connection, and no one should have 
relied on him for supervising the 
course and in fact no one did, so 
that I find it unacceptable the 
argument that, because of his 
silence, he should not have taken, 
later on, the " responsibility" of 
making a "public" criticism, as 
the report, as I read it, seems to 
imply. 

Actually , I go further on the 
point, and state, as my opinion, 
that even if Mr. Strebel were 
motivated by some sort of hostility 
in making his criticism, his words 
should still be rightfully heard on 
their merit; if he were to be con-
sidered for an award for his action, 
then his motives would be a 
relevant issue. 

Not having all the facts clear 
before ' me, as , for instance, 
knowing whether at least a part 
(possibly, the best part) of the 
class did benefit by learning an 
excellent method of approaching 
physical problems from an In-
spiring physicist, I should not 

In talking to people around the 
campus, Post sees one of the major 
problems on campus as the im· 
oersonal atmosphere and the. 
loneliness. " We try to avail our-
selves as individuals and a friend 
and try to provide some answers to 
some of basic ques tions 
surro unding human life, " Post 

~Ilid. 

The Campus Crusade believes 
there is a lack of historical 
awareness in religious, political, 
and econontic matters. " People 
have a total lack of information on 
the identity of Jesus Christ as an 
individual, yet they are coming to 
conclusions as to who he is," Post 
said. 

. judge whether my colleague made 
errors of oversight or even of 
negligence, while teaching that 
course. If he did, however, that 
would prove ipso facto neither that 
he has always been a bad teacher 
and nor would it prove that the 
campus is full of bad teachers. 

According to Post, one of the 
other major problems facing our 

Good old feet. 

I would not push the panic button 
so promptly. 

ORESTE PICCIONI 
PHYSICS DEPARTMENT 

Think of all the nice places they've taken you. 
Isn'l it lime you did somelhing nice for them? 
Like a pair of Roots? 
Roots-are probably the most comfortable and luxurious pair 
of anything your feet will ever experience. 
The sole is sculptured so it cradles the heel and supports 
the arch , The low heel and rocker sole let feet walk 
comfortably. And Roots are made in Canada 
(with supreme care) of the best top'grain Canadian leather. 
They cost more than some casual shoes but, as in most 
things Ihal cost more, the value is there. 
You do nice things for the rest of yourllDots. 
body all the time. 
Isn'l it time to consider your filet? 

GSU ••• 
working to achieve year-long contracts, to be signed in the spring quarter 
previous to the year of employm.:nt. This will be possible for all state 
funded TAs, whose funds are allocated in mid-winter. 

" It is unfortunate but true that the undergraduate to TA ratio is higher 
than last year. This is largely because the supplemental overenrollment 
allocation we recenUy received is only one third the amount received in 
previous years. Pennanent improvement in the undergraduate to TA 
ratio, however, can only come via state funding," says McElroy . 

The Chancellor goes on to say that the administration will urge aU 
departments to establish a regularized process for graduate student 
teaching assigrunents. 

Walven Good' 
McElroy abo states in the letter that he believes the idea of tuition 

waivers for all.out.of·state graduate students and fee waivers for all grad 
students is "basically sound and wiU put up (UCSO) in a good competitive 
position in the recruitment of the best gradUate students." 

McElroy said in his letter that it is ••... important that we not lose sight 
of the fact that the teaching aSSistantship is foremost an apprenticeship 
and is but a part of the graduate student's education. We will work ac-
tively with the faculty to improve the vital preparation for teaching which 
graduate students receive." 

McElroy also announced that he has asked Dean Rotenberg to be the 
administration 'S point of contact with the GSU. 

In a reponse (which will be published Monday in the Triton Times) to 
the Chancellor's letter, the GSU said that they ..... wonder if anything 
short of a strike will convince the Chancellor that graduate students are 
bona-fide and essential University employees carrying a la rge part of the 
day-t<Hiay teaching and reserach load - not simply apprentices." 

Saltman responds, "We hoped that it wouldn 't go to that (a strike). But 
our commitment to undergraduate education is to see that it is provided. 
The faculty as well as the administration is committed." 

McElroy detailed the procedure, if there is a strike. The sections are 
the responsibility of the department chainnen, who will see to it that 
course assistants (such as qualified undergraduates or volunteers from 
the community) or the faculty themselves will be present at the sections, 
he explained, 

" Everyone Concerned" 
Rotenberg said, "Everyone was concerned because many of the 

questions the GSU raised in its letter were valid and the Chancellor felt 
they should be answered in a responsible way. 

"The letter contains a certain amount of statistics we felt should be 
available to the graduate s tudents so they know exactly wha.t the fiscal 
situation is. 

"UCSD has not done badly as far as its studenVTA ratio is concerned, 
although some areas such as mathematics and Chemistry have been 
badly hurt," Rotenberg said. 

Data concerning the per capita graduate student support in 1973.1974 
a lso seems to indicate that the grad students are not badly off compared 
to other campuses, said McElroy. In the Department of Literature, for 
example, the per capita graduate student support in '73-'74 was $1543 in 
UCLA, $1514 in Berkley, and $4204 UCSD, said McElroy. 

Rotenberg emphasized the continued action the administration will 
take. " The council of graduate deans will have dinner with President 
Saxon in November to discuss various issues of concern to graduate 
students. 

"One of the subjects that's going to be brought up by the deans of the 
smalle r campuses is that of parity. That is, that the studenVTA ratio 
should be the same on all campuses," he said. 

OUT FOR 

TO 

SD Chapter ... 
Strike Day participants had 

mixed reactions to the ef-
, fectiveness of the strike, Lorraine 

Wisniewski said the strike was a 
successful tactic in the cause 
getting known. Wisniewski said she 
made some changes in her life on 
Strike Day, explaining, "I with-
drew my savings from the Bank of 
America and opened an account at 
the Women's Credit Union, and I 
spent fentinist money in Mission 
Valley. I got positive reactions 
every where. " 

Larry VlJvin commented that 
" the women who need Strike Day 
most aren't at the rally." He said 
he felt the strike was a success in 
the fact that people are talking 
about it. 

One woman said that the strike 
didn't have the economic impact 
here that it had in Iceland because 
many women in the United States 
couldn't get time off from their jobs. 

Another woman said that 
although the strike didn't have 
economic impact " it was a very 
effective political move, because it 
increased peoples' awareness 
about the women's movement. " 

Blanco ... 
problem facing their campaign is a 
lack of publicity about their eight 
year old organization, and its 
purposes, They are also looking for 
other noted politicians, professors, 
and organizations to support them. 

Presently, there is a taped 
speech by Blanco circulating 
among campuses where his lec-
ture, " Latin America : A Continent 
Without Justice " had been 
scheduled, 

Poet Here Monday 
Jackson MacLow will be the 

guest poet in the second program 
of the New Poetry series this 
Monday here at UC San Diego. 

The New York author will 
present selections from his works 
at 4 pm in the Revelle Fonnal 
Lounge. 

Mac Low, 53, has been writing 
since the 1930's. In the 1950's he 
combined music and poetry as well 
as theatre, dance and visual arts in 
group performance works. 

ThE UNiVERSiTY BooksTORE 



Alice·tesD't. · · babyslttera (male, f course - they and others') describing different 
had specifically ertised for a feelings of black and white women, 
male sitter) and nt home. The and relaying stories as to how 
entire day was Sl) enjoyable and women deal with their situations. 
illuminating, said J es, that they. One highlight was Williams' 
are planning to get t gether more. portrayal of the black woman 

Dyan Williams, a staH member struggling to care for a sister and 
of 0a.1s went on strike, and was her parents in a confusing at-
quite disappointed that few other mosphere of strange men and 
women did the same. She felt that alcohol. 
the day was publicized as one of Besides the rally, there was a 
striking and that to " support it was discussion panel by the Affir-
to strike." mative Action office. Affinnative 

Others did not agree with this-in Action reviewed its purposes of 
fact, the majority of women who providing equal opportunities of 
did participate at UCSD felt that employment for all discriminated 
they C9uid go to work but that they minorities and women. 
would take time out to join in the There was a large meeting with 
meetings that took place. speakers at the Extension Office, 

At the noon rally some of the and department brown bag lun-
speakers mentioned this lack of ches, for women staff members 

. clearness as to what one shouid do throughout the campus. 
or what the aims of the day really Annbands displaying " Alice 
were, citing this unclearness as a Doesn't!" were worn by some. 
fault in planning. Some women, however, did not 

Clearing a major objective they participate in "Alice Doesn't 
had was to put the issue of how Day", said one incognito, "I have 
women are treated and how they too many responsibilities to take 
treat themselves out in front of the off." 

U~D community, and to rebel ' 
against the roles women are put 
into. 

Magic Tomorrow 
How to do various tricks will be 

the subject of a day long workshop 
on magic tommorrow, sponsored 
by UCSD Extension. 

The workshop, to be held in HSS 

McElroy ••• 
student aid, in the face of declining 
support, demonstrates this c0m-
mitment to all. 

In summary, we are doing our 
best Wlder difficult conditions to 
maintain and improve graduate 
student support and general 
teaching conditions. I think it 
important that we not lose sight of 
the fact that the teaching 
assistantship is foremost an a~ 
prenticeship and is but a part of the 
graduate sutdent's education. We 
will work actively with the faculty 
to improve the vital preparation 
for teaching which graduate 
students receive. 

We would be happy to continue 
discu6sing these issues with 
graduate students, for in my 
opinion, some positive actions have 
already resulted from our previous 
conversations. I have asked Dean 
Rotenberg to be our point of con-
tact. 

Sincerely 
s/W.D. MCELROY 

CHANCELLOR 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone ~UFE 24 hrs 

Free COWlSeling, study rooql 

Friday, Octelter Il, 1175 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 
~....,.we £4,..- ill J!a geIa 

Discount Prices 
Canon, Olympus 

Nikon, Pentax 
Sales, Repairs, & Trades 

7717 Fa 459-7355 

Two speakers of the rally, 
YVOMe Elias of central library 
staff personel, and Margo Sasse, 
reference librarian at cluster 
library, spoke of what women's 
problems were working on the 
U~D campus, and what changes 
could be made in the university to 
benefit women. 

2250 from 9 am to 4:30 pm will be "~IiIIIIl_" ____ "'_" 
hosted by Dr. V. Robert Allen, ~~il@li!?8i!?8i!?8i8888 ___ .1 

and speakers Attention 
Minority and low InCOll18 

Juniors and Seniors 
Two literature professors , 

Sherley Williams and Mary Jean 
Pfacler, read poetry (their own 

director of the student health 
center . Allen is an amateur 
magician and holds membership in 
a number of magic organizations. 
For further information, contact 
the Extension office. 

Young Israel of 
La Jolla 

An Orthodox Congregat ion A Groduate and Professional School Recruitment Day will be held a 
Frl. Nite Services 4: 30 p .m. the Student Center 

Sal. Morn 10:00 a . m . 

G V.A . Chape l OffIce of Graduate StudIes and Research ODS. • • ~~Fo~r ~m~o(~e ~ln~fo~ca:=II~D!r .!M!ag!ld~29::~::6::90::0~'1 TU ES DAY NOVE M BE R 4 t h ., 1 975 
holes by a Black & Decker instead of a Smith & Wesson? Of course not, -. 
such savagery cannot be tolerated in a civilized society that values and 
respects the sanctity of human life. 

Radwin has overlooked the obvious fact that handguns are a valuable 
deterrent of crime, since they equip criminals with fallible weapons. The 
convenience of handguns has blinded criminals to the substitute weapons 
that are far more efficient than a mere pistol. For instance, Ms. F romme 
failed to kill President Ford because of her incompetence with a gun . 
Radwin suggests that, even with gun control, Fromme would still have 
tried to murder Ford. If the handgun were eliminated from society, 
Fromme would have been forced to use another weapon for her dastardly 
deed, and may have resorted to boring Ford to death by reading excerpts 
of Herodotus aloud. Had the handgun been banned, old J erry would be 
feeding worms right now. It is evident that taking away guns would be 
losing our only mode of controling crime. 

Yes Mr. Radwin, guns are surely necessary to keep our country 
humane and civilized. Without guns, murder and violence would be 
reduced to a savage, horrible act, instead of the swift , humane act it is 
today. Take away guns and criminals become stronger, their means 
more torturous and efficient. Right again , Radwin, guns are certainly 
our only link to Christian civilization, and our only defense against 
regressing to barbarianism. 

Drink drink, drink 

. .. wh Ie 1111 th viliag's knaves. knights and ladies-in-
waitin~ fca t and make m rry. Quaff your favorite 
brew I e ide th tained glass win ws and cobble-
ston walls of a 17th century castl . Enjoy a hearty 
sandwi . h ' ike th Rnn1is. nee. half a pound of hopped 
sirloin har-broiled with ham, chee e, I tttJ ce and 
tornate . l'ry a hrimp or ef Bratk bob, or a beggars 
banqu1·t of soup, h e, fruit , bread and win . Or on 
of 16 o .h r h 'arty andwiches or specialitie ; just about 

v rythinB is 1('5 than the pri e of a movie. 
Hav" a drink or a nll'al at the Brat kellar aft r your 

n tiObrfiiekeUnr 
lOUt tour { ('nlufl(,~ <1\ ely v('rlookmg til(' O( (,dn tit 
12;0 Pro 1)('( t Sl M( ('liar rldltl Op<'n dail\- for 

lUll{ h, dmlwr c1nd (at ktctil., 
SundeW brun( h II ,\ 1.-2 r M 
HdPPY Hour: 4:00"': 00 P.M. M-fri. 

A full ninety minutes of film fun 
featuring High Jumpers in Utah; 
double moebius flips in California; 
waist deep powder snow in the 
Cariboos. These highlights in 
" There comes a time" 

Sundly-Hov. 2, 1975-1:00 p.m. 
CIVIC THEATRE 

202 "e" STREET---ADM. $3.00 

10 :00 a . m . to 4 :00 p . m . 

M eeting to begin promptly at 10 :00 a . m . in N orth conference room . 
University Graduate representatives will make short presentatio 
on thei r respectIve cam p u s program s ... ad missions, finanCla 
assistance etc. 

Tables will be set up in outside area for individual intervie w s. 

Representatives: All UC campuses: Da vis, Santa Cruz, Berkeley , 
Riverside, Irvine, UCLA , UC San Francisco, Sa nta Barba ra, Stanfo rd 
University . 

p onsored by Coo rdinat ing Co mm ittee on Graduate a n 
rafessional A dvancem ent Ca re er Plann ing & Place m e nt, 
ducational Opportunity Prog ram . 

All students are invited to attend 

'U n,ifJE.u ity of {!a[if0'tnia, cSan :Di£go 
(!ampu~ P'tog'tam !i3oa'td 

ptu£nh 

HAllOWEEN EXTRAVAGANZA 
FRidAY NiGhT 

EVENiNG of FiVE FilMs 
~I~lit ()f tlit? (1l'11l~ [)t? cI 
l' r"r 
,.. §CJut? ()f tlit? I?cl ()t? tli 
1I,l' cJ r§ fr()Jn'" I§ 
, t £t?§ ()f lJr. (el() 

USB 2722 7:00 pm $1 buys all! 
SATURdAY FilM 

11 rt Ilel ".Ilel 
7:30 & 10:00 Mandeville Aud. $1 


