
Students 
Allocate 
Student $ 

by KeD StipaDov 
Staff Writer 

When it comes to student money, 
the Budget/Resources G roup 
(BRG) is the ~rouP to watch. as it 
is directly responsible for the 
planning and administration of the 
undergraduate student activities 
fee at UC San Diego. 

The BRG is comPOSed of ei2ht 
undergraduates: one represen-
tative from each of the four 
colleges and four elected by the 
Student Cooperative. Tenns of 
office are for one year. 

MIM 
TROU [ 

Coop representatives may be 
recalled at a ny time by a vote of 
the Coop. -The college represen-
tatives may be similarly recalled. 

According to BRG coordinator, 
Joel McCormack, the BRG collects 
requests for money from various 
student organizations at the 
beginning of each quarter. Then, 
for a week, the BRG interviews 
representatives of groups 
requesting allocations. 

M . .... r of San Francisco Mime Troupe, whol. act Friday on the grass 10uth of the BYIII elr •• 
crowd of ov.r 300. en photo: Nathan M. y.n) 

BOard Bans Buff Bathing 
" Then we get together on the 

weekend and spend the whole day 
figuring it all out," said McCor-
mack. 

Approval Procedure 
BRG recommendations mus! 

The San Diego County Board of 
Supervisors has ended hopes, for 
the time being, that a beach in the 
unincorporated portion of the 
county would be designated 
• 'swimsnlts optlohal." 

The 4-1 vote by the Supervisors 

then be approved by a two-thirds Socialist Came,'o Speaks 
vote of the Coop. The Coop may 

came last Tuesday in a session 
where 150 persons crowded the 
board's chambers. Others listened 
through loudspeakers in the 
hallways. 

The vote by supervisors followed 
, a recommendation by County 

only approve or dissapprove the 
budget as a whole; it can't vote line 
by line. According to McCormack, 
the Coop has approved BRG 
recommendations every time 
except once. 

Aliens Deserve Place 
In Job Market 

The budget must finally be ap-
proved by Vice-chancellor for 
Student Affairs, George Murphy. 
McConnack said, "This is just to 
keep up from doing something too 
fa r out, like flying to Bolivia." 

The funds the BRG allocates 
come from the six dollar :;tudent 
activities fee undergraduates pay 
each quarter. This year these 
funds amounted to about $125,000. 
Along with approximately $21,000 
left from last year and some other 
monies, the budget for this year is 
at the $152,000 mark. 

McConnack said the BRG has 
been conservative in its allocations 
thi ' quarter to avoid overspending 
such as occured last year. 

"This will make it seem like we 
have more money because a lot of 
it won't be tied up. Last year it just 
sat and we'd like to make it move 
this year," said McConnack. 

Allocations for this year's budget. 
Contiaued on Page 6 

by Margaret Krueger 
Staff Writer 

All aliens entering America 
should be allowed to freely com-
pete in the job market, Socialist 
Worker Party (SWP) presidential 
candidate Peter Camejo told a 
crowd of about 100 people on Muir 
commons last 111ursday. 

Aliens don't take jobs away from 
US citizens, Camejo said, and so 
should not be deported if they enter 
the country illegally. 

Camejo also spoke on such issues 
as busing, the economic crisis and 
the defense budget. 

Speaking on economics, Camejo 
divided the country into two fac-
tions: the ruling class and the 
working class. "The United 
States," declares Camejo, " has a 
ruling class, who do things only in 
their own interest." 

Camejo went on to cite the 
Rockefellers and ' the DuPonts as 

45 Weare Recall Nantes 
No Good: Registrar 

Forty-five of the 655 persons who signed a petition calling for a recall 
election of Del Mar City Councilman John Weare were not registered to 
vote, County Registrar of Voters Charles J . Sexton said last week. 

City Clerk Terri Bianco had eJiiitlnated 97 of the 655, but Sexton told her 
to reexamine her decisiom, saying she should be "lenient" in in-
validating signatures on technicalities, including missing addresses and 

~at s, or information that appeared to be written In later by another 
Individual. 

According to city law, 550 signatures are necessary to force a recall 
vote. 

W, a re is a UC San Diego chemistry professor, 
Blanco has until Nov. 23 to review the petitions again. If she finds fewer 

that 550 ignatures to be valid - that is, if she finds 61 bad silmatures in 
addition to the ones Sexton had invalidated - the cireulltors of the 
petition will have 30 more days to find eno,u(h namea to total~. 

If th recall election is formed, It will probably be held during the city's 
r gula r election for the council in March. 

examples of the " ruling class." 
More Protection 

In favor of busing, Camejo wants 
to see more protection for the 
bussed school children. He added 
that even today many schools are 
in violation of the desegregation 
laws, 

With regard to foreign policy, 
Camejo believes that American 
foreign affairs should no longer be 
kept secret from the public. If 
elected, Camejo would cut all 
money spent on the war budget. 

Along with campaign pamphlets, 
the Socialist Workers Party Bill of 
Rights was also passed out to the 
audience. Camejo sees this bill of 
rights as socialist "alternatives." 

Those rights include the right to 
employment, adequate income, 
free education and medical care 
and secure retirement. 
Additionally, the document in-
cludes the right to know the truth 
about and decide economic and 
political policies and the right of 
national minorities to control their 
own affairs. 

Throughout Camejo's speech, 
the bill of rights was stressed as 
the Socialist Party platfonn. 

Camejo has been a member of 
the Socialist Workers Party since 
1959. He wa active in the student 
movement of the early 19608 and 
joined in the civil rights demon-
strations against segregation. 
Camejo wa also a supporter of the 
Cuban revolution. 

Camejo's running mate in the 
upcoming campaign is Willie Mae 
Reid. Reid has been an active 
oclalist since 1971 and is a sup-

porter of women's liberation and 
civil rights issues. 

Recently she was the WP 
candidate for the US ongr 

CuJJtlaueci on page 3 

Parks Director Lloyd Lowrey that 
no beach be approved for nudity 
because his staff could not find one 
that corresponded to requirements 
set by the supervisors for such a 
beach . 

Lowrey had added, however, 
that if the board chose to allow 
nudity on a beach anyway, it 
should designate the area at the 
foot of J St. in Encinitas, where 
nude sunbathers have congregated 
for some time. 

The vote :Tuesday was on a 
proposal that the J St. beach be 
declared swimsuits optional. 

Opposition from Churcb 
Major opposition to the J Street 

site came from members and 
supporters of the Self-Realization 
Church in Encinitas, whose 
property ajoins the beach. 

27,000 Signatures 
The fellowship presented the 

supe rvisors with a petitions, 
total ing 27,000 signatures opposing 
the J Street beach as a nudity area. 

Actor Dennis Weaver, a member 
of the fellowship, told the super-
visors that although " nudism is not 
immoral," 'public, unconfined 
nudity" could hamper the use of 
the retreat by members. 

" You would sacrifice a center of 
beauty for an activity that will 
bring noth ing but unending 
problems to th community," said 
Weaver. 

Another fellowship member 
questioned how the " relatively 
thousands of nudists" he said 
would visit the beach could be 
controlled. He said there have 
been instances of nude sunbathers 
trespassing the fellowship 
grounds. 

Robert Stokesberry, who ad-
dressed the supervisors in support 
of the proposal to allow nudity on 
the beach, said the J St. location 
has been used for "quite some 
time" as a nud beach, 

"We're trying to keep as Iowa 
profile as possible,' he added. 

The measure was opposed by 
Supervi ors Lou Conde and Lee 
Taylor, who have criticized all 
efforts to allow nudity in the 
count , and Dick Brown and Jim 
Bate , who said they felt th J St. 
location was not ecluded nou h. 

Supervisor Ja k Wal h, who 
voted in favor of th proposal, said 
"Too oft n we ar p cup! d 

Ith what off nd u ." 

GSUStrike 
Labelled 
Gratuitous 
'Union is Dying,' 
Says Mediator 

The person chosen by Chancellor 
McElroy to act as go-between in 
negotiations between the ad-
ministration and the Graduate 
Student Union (GSU) considers the 
forthcoming GSU strike 
"gratuitous. " 

In an interview with the Evening 
Tribune , Dean of Graduate 
Students Manuel Rotenberg said, 
"The union is dying , there are 
about 12 students who are running 
the thing and want to see students 
unionized and ... they 're making a 
last~tch attempt." 

Meanwhile, Academic Senate 
(AS) chairman Sheldon Schultz 
has declined to comment 
specifically on the GSU strike. 

"Nuts-and-Bolts Demands" 
Rotenberg told the Triton Times 

Friday that while the GSU has 
some legitimate grievances he has 
not yet " determined their real 
nuts-and-bolts demands." 

In the area of increased work 
load and year-long contracts the 
union has " legitimate gripes, " 
Rotenberg said. 

But he questioned how much the 
GSU desires their other demands. 

Coatinued on page 2 

Manuel Rote_rg (n photo: 
Tad Sperry) 

Senate on 
UCSD,CIA 

special meeting of the UC San 
Diego Academic Senate (AS) has 
been called to di cuss "campus 
involvement with th CIA (Central 
Intelligence Agency)," 

The teachers will meet tomorrow 
at 3: 30 pm in 2250 HSS. 

According to Lynn Harris in the 
AS office, the meeting was called 
by a group of professors who are 
concerned about involvement 
between UCSD and the con-
troversial inte lligence agency. 

Apparently, the prima ry conee rn 
of the signa tor was the r cent CIA 
Mfirmativ altion conference in 
Wa hington, ~hich wa attend d 
by 50 U. ron,. _ n Tl pr<; 
administrators, including two 
r pre entative from this campus. 

Harri would not say who Igl G 
th petition, and id it did not 

if to the pecific areas of 
tnvolv ment the prof ors w r 

nc rned with. 

nUnued OD P K • 

• ' I J 



• 

iations Checked by Money and Value 

The major points of contention 
between the UC San DIego ad-
ministration amd the Graduate 
Student Union (GSU) appear to be 
the ability to alleviate the teaching 
lISIIistant situation and the value 01 
graduate student TAB. 

Thole two points have surfaced 
repeatedly in negotiations between 
administration and union and now 
loom largely in the path of future 
dealings. 

In the administration's October 
31 reply there is repeated 
reference to the administration's 
helplessness to meet GSU 
demands, without additional state 
funds. 

(Those demands are 50 percent 
TA employment, fee and tuition 
waivers and year-long contracts 
for all grad students, with no In-
crease in work load.) 

The GSU, on the other hand, has 
consistently maiOtained that the 
funds are available, both at the 
state and local level. 

Disagreement 
Chancellor McElroy, in his letter 

to the GSU (Triton Times, Oct. 31), 
said that $800,000 would be needed 
to satisfy the union's demand of 50 
percent employment for all grad 
students. " Funds of this 
magnitude are simply not 
available," he concluded. 

The GSU, in their September 19 
report addressed to Gov. Brown 
and the UC Regents, said it would 
cost only $600,000. 

It doesn't matter, the Chancellor 
has answered - neither sum is 
available. 

Federal work-study funds could 
ease the problem - both financially 
and with year-long contracts -
McElroy said. But, this could only 
be helpful with "early cooperation 
with this program, " the Chancellor 
added. 

To the demand for no increase in 
work-load, Mc.Elroy said tem-
porary improvement comes 
mainly from work-study funds -
permanent improvement is 
possible only with increased state 
funding. 

Tuition fee waivers can come 
only with cooperation of the 
Council of Chancellors, McElroy 
said. And the Council doesn't 
consider this the right time. 

Again, in an interview Nov. 6, the 
Chancellor reiterated the ad-
ministration's position. The 
situation is frustra ting to McElroy 
because "we cannot negotiate 
when we have nothing to Qegotiate 
with." 

The GSU has consistently 

Letter to the Editor 

responded by saying the fundi are 
available. The UCSD ad-
ministration could find those 
funds, the union says, by cutting 
"administrative waste," ending 
" preferential land deals" and with 
"responsible plaMing for capital 
outlay expenditures." 

U~D spends more per student 
on administration than any other 
UC campus, the report stated; $170 
more per student than the average 
UC campus. The ratio of 100 
students forthreeacbninlstrators is 
also the highest, the report con-
tinues. 

Vice-chancellor for 
Administration Bernard Sisco has 
answered that charge by pointing 
to extra acbninistrative costs in-
curred because of the medical 
school and Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. 

Bill there has not been a similar 
answer to the land dealing and 
capital outlay charges. 

Muir Parking Spaces 
An example cited by the GSU is 

the $160,000 price tag on 400 new 
parking spaces for Muir College. 
The project will actually net only 
100 spaces, the GSU said, and 
means destroying permanent 
cement curbing and graded lan-
dscaped areas. 

The GSU also delved into the use 
of the Black Estate - across La 
Jolla Village Drive from UCSD -
which was bought by UC in 1967 for 
$3.7 million. 

Competitive bidding in both sales 
and renting of that land has not 
been employed, the GSU charged. 
It pointed to the sale of one estate 
on the property to a UCSD Vice-
chancellor for 10 percent above 
purchase price while other, un-
developed tracts of that land in-
creased in value by 300 percent. 

It is not that the administration 
does not want to alleviate the 
problem that birthed the GSU - the 
Chancellor is personally very 
frustrated by the problem - but it 
does appear that if some of the 
situations pointed out by the GSU 
were better managed money could 
be saved. 

Whether that money could then 
be applied to meet GSU demands is 
not clear. 

Discretionary Funds 
The GSU also blames the 

statewide UC administration for 
the problems. They charge that 
the UC President and Regents 
have access to " large 
discretionary funds " that are 
flexible. 

In reply to this the Chancellor 
has said that, of the $5 million 
statewide Chancellor's Con-
tingency Fund, UCSO is slated for 

$4SO,OOO. "Of this money we 
receive, we are expected to sup-
port our share 01 ship operation at 
Scripps, the police departmelt, the 
afflnnative action program -
which is mandated by the federal 
government - and some other 
minor programs, none of which we 
feel that we can tenninate," 
McElroy told the Triton Times last 
Thursday. 

The GSU wants the UC ad-
minstration "to make the priority 
decision that graduate student 
employment Is a necessary ell.· 
pense, and to find the money for 
that expense as .. .it does for all 
other necessary expenditures." 

The GSU also blames the UC 
administration for the problems. 
"We believe that thereis enough 
money available right now to meet 
the immediate needs of graduate 
student employment at UCSO. We 
know that the UC Regents and 
President have access to large 
discretionary funds for just such 
'urgent need,' that these funds are 
flexible and that last year they 
showed a balance of unexpended 
monies alone greater than the 
amount to meet all our demands," 
the GSU said. 

The GSU also said there exists a 
13 percent discrepency between 
the amount UCSD contributes to 
the state through overhead monies 
for grant administration and that it 
gets back in discretionary funds. 

" An adjustment in the 
distribution of those funds," the 
GSU said, "might provide monies 
with which to ameliorate the T A 
situation at UCSD." 

The GSU believes that-in the 
total UC budget of $1.1 billion-their 
claim on funds for alleviation of the 
TA problem "must be seen as a 
necessary and entirely un-extra· 
ordinary educa.tional expense." 

Some wonder whether the 
Chancellor's-as well as UC's-
opinion of graduate student T A 
va lue affects the intensity of the 
search for more funds . 

"I think it is important that we 
not lose sight of the fact that the 
teaching assistantship is foremost 
an apprenticeship ...... the Chan-
cellor has said (Triton Times, Oct. 
31) . 

Keep Sections Open 
The administration plan for 

keeping section open during a 
strike reflects this opinion. 

This plan provides for 
professors, qualified community 
members and undergraduates to 
teach sections. 

The GSU, however, is leaning 
very heavily on the assumption 
that they are essential cogs in the 
university machine and that the 

machine will grind to a halt 
without them. 

The GSU "wonders if anything 
short of a strike will convince the 
Chancellor that graduate students 
are bonafide and essential 
university employees carrying a 
large part of the day-to-day 
teaching and research load-not 
simply apprentices." (Triton 
Times, Nov. 3) 

Only a strike will show which 
evaluation of graduate student 
value is correct. And a strike 
seems inevitable. 

The GSU, in their strike 
resolution approved last week by 
82 percent, called for a three-day 
work stoppage to start next 
Wednesday, to be accelerated to an 
indefinite strike Jan . 12. 

The only way to avoid that strike, 
the GSU says, is for a "concrete 
response" to their demands by the 
administration. 

By "concrete" the GSU 
primarily means financial. 

The Chancellor I e"iJulIOS by 
maintaining no more money is 
available. 

And the future does not look any 
better. Gov. Brown has not been 
fr iendly to increases in UC 
budgets. 

Next year's UC budget, which 
does not provide for drastic in-
creases to bring down TA ratios, is 
still the same amount as the budget 
Brown sheared last year. 

Israel Awareness Week Succeeds Despite Vandalism 
In spite of the juvenile efforts of 

some students at UCSD, Israel 
Awareness Week has been a 
success. 

It is appar'?nt that many posters 
publicizing e vepts this week were 
blatantly tor 1 down. These posters 
were rem( vdd from bulletin 
boards and lnore noticeably, from 
various dormitories on campus. 

We feel that free speech and 
peaceful ati:;t:IllLI,,~e a re 
necessary for the survival of all 
minorities. urthermore, it is 
ironic that the same time 
fasicsm is being condemned by 
many stud nts , an organization 
such as tt ,e Union of Jewish 
Students is :>elng denied the right 
of assemblage by a campaign 
desiW1ed to obstruct access to its 
information. 

Are thes juvenile actions in-
dicative of a doubl tandard of 
civil rights? 

RALPH GRUNEWALD 

ELLE SCHNEIDERMAN 

Meaday, N ...... ll, II7S 

~d""~n~~Tro.-t~o,,'~ 
rt.fu~~I~ 

GSU •.• 
"I don't know how much the GSU 

really wants" their demand of 50 
percent employment for all grad 
students, Rotenberg said. 

He said that union members 
realized the demand is too ex· 
pensive for the administration to 
meet. 

Speaking of the strilCe vote, in 
which 82 percent of union members 
voting favored a three-day work 
stoppage for next week and an 
indefinite strike in January , 
Rotenberg said most people he had 
talked to, including administrators 
and GSU people, were surprised by 
both the vote and the turnout. 

Sixty-seven percent of the GSU 
voted. 

" It shows they can't be ignored," I 
Rotenberg said. 

Resolution of DUferences 
In a statement to the Triton 

Times Friday Schultz said he 
believed that differences between 
administration and union can be 
resolved "satisfactorily" so that 
the work stoppage will not be held. 

Schultz added that since the AS 
will be working to help resolve 
those differences, he thought he 
should not ' 'comment specifically" 
on the issue. 

Last year the AS voted to support 
GSU demands, as did the Student 
Cooperative. 

The Putnam Exam - a challeng ing 
mathemati cal competition - will be 
held this year on December 6. If 
intere sted contact : l. A. Campbell 
7230 APM or X 2625. 

The Food Coop will be holding 
e lections for new advisory com· 
mittee members and paid officers 
on Thursday, November 13 in the 
Student Center Lounge at 7 pm. 
Everyone is welcome to attend. All 
Coop personel havi ng worked 10 or 
more hours th is quarter, please 
come and exercise your voling 
priv ileges. 

Don't forget .- I,ve mUSIC every 
Wednesday night ,n the Revelle 
Side Door. 

Mo .... y, NOY ..... lI, 11'11 

Politics: Jame. G. Soto 

Str~eAnhnrusAnruyred 
Politicians are a breed 01 animal that seeks to please-it seeks to please 

itself. The politician never thinks about tomorrow, unless of course the 
morrow is the firsi Tuadav of a certain June or November. 

It is the frazzled eon of being which thinks of the future in convenient 
time slots only of two, four and sa years. If he does the right type 01 
thinking, and the right type of talking at the right time, the politician will 
find himself right where he wantto be: right back in lIffice. 

Imagine the joy experienced by the victors in last week's election. Just 
now, for the first Orne in perhaps months, they are enjoying a meal. Gone 
is the infamous chicken and peas-type torture repast; the politician, 
having sufficiently recovered from the trawna of election night and 
heavy weillht of a dried doUllhnut lining his stomach during the horren-
dous coffee clatch, is savoring the juicy steak smothered with onions 
and sauted mushrooms. No more smiling for rude old ladies and no more 
fantasizing about its concern for the oppressed; the politician only 
discovers the bliss of "having it made." 

Noted municipal leaders have had the almighty pressure lifted off their 
shoulders. There is not much work to do. The press finally gets off their 
backs not because they love and adniire them, but because the press is 
spending its time "analyzing" the election returns. Many will exclaim 
loudly and without profanity, "Why Not"? 

The politician has worked hard and the public will only endure so much 
chatter about the state of undress at Black's Beach. The voting public 
demands it, the reading public demands it and we the doubting public 
demand it. 

Demand what? The heroes cry. 
.. Analysis", retort the screaming masses. 

Aaalysis 
If last week's municipal general election proved anything, it proved 

that voters are satisfied with the status quo. Not a single incumbent lost 
and in the only council district where there was no incumbent seeking 
four more years on the gravy train, the mayor's endorsed candidate 
gained the day. 

In San Diego, incumbency is a powerful weapon to have to wage war 
against. No incumbents were unseated in last week's election and only 
one incumbent, Supervisor Jim Bear, was dumped by the voters in the 
1974 election. As the maxim goes, once you are in, you are in easy money. 

In San Diego, people rarely express their disatisfaction at the polls. 
Bear's failure to get re-elected, was for the most part, the failure to keep 
corruption and conflict of interest out of the newspapers. If you can 
succeed in doing that, and you can succeed in attending the countless 
cocktail parties, your success shall be reassured on a regular basis. 

The challengers, if any had been elected, would nave sougnt to overturn 
the controlled growth policies of the city council. The three incumbents 
were among the strongest supporters of controlled growth and other 
Mayor Wilson-influenced policies. 

The Mayor worked hard to get bis people elected. Some people will now 
say he has been given a mandate to continue the policies of the past four 
years. However, if one looks at the other elections results across the 
nation, Wilson's mandate grows pale as our eyes get further and further 
from "America's Finest." 
. The two,things that make San Diego's election like so many others that 

occured last Tuesday are that incumbents were elected with ease and 
that taxpayers refuse to allow property assessmentsorother such levies to 
increase. 

Re-Elect the Dead 
In virtually every city where mcumbents ran for re-election, they were 

the victors. In Boston, Democratic Mayor Kevin White, beset by bussing 
problems, was an easy winner. In Philadelphia, amid charges of massive 
corruption, Democrat Frank Rizzo easily dispatched of his token op-
ponent. Also, Philadelphians, in an extreme case of brotherly love and 
compassion, re-elected a dead man to the city council. Better to stick to a 
tried and true idea, even if it is dead, rather than explore beyond. In 
heavily Democratic Cleveland, Republican Ralph Perk, easily won a 
third term as mayor, despite his crushing defeat suffered in last year's 
Senate race against John GleM. 

Democrats kept control of gubernatorial seats in Kentucky and 
MiSSissippi, though in the Magnolia State the GOP ran its closest race 
since reconstruction and gave the Democrats quite a scare. So despite the 
difficult times, people were in no mood to change horses in the middle of a 
stream. 

The voter, oppressed by the continuous rise of taxes and depletion of 
services, and haunted by the spector of the Big Apple turning rotten, 
vented his spleen by the almost universal defeat of the notorious bond 
issue around the nation. . 

In San Diego, plans to fund paramedics and senior citizen jitney buses, 
fell easy prey to the economy minded voter; and the Propositions J and K 
were soundly forgotton. The "Defeat of the Week" come in Ohio, where 
amid national television exposure, the largest pork-barrel bond issue in 
the history of the state received but 20 percent of the vote. 

The voters were in an ugly mood. Though the voter returned, almost 
without fail, incumbents to office; the taxpayer revolted and gave notice 
that he refuses to fund any more projects, no matter what their merit 
might be. 

Page 3 

More Letters 
TMCriticism Way .Off 

The ignorant have examine the oollection of TM 

City Probes 
SDPD Effectiveness traditionally denounced that which studies sourcebook compiled by 

they do not understand. But fir. the TM center or a good library. 
Post's letter (Transcendental Lastly, Mr. Post tries to compare 
Meditation Debunked, TT, Wed- the 'fM movement with the 
nesday, Nov. 5), is a classic ridiculous antics of the Guru 
example of the art of miscon- Mahraji - the 17-year-old Perfect 
ception, misrepresentation, and Master. Nothing could be further 
slating of the truth to criticize from the truth. There is no con-
something which he obviously does nection between the two 
not understand. Much of Post's organizations other than the un-

. San Diego City Manager Hugh 
McKinley and the city Community 
Relations Board (CRB) are con-
ducting a study of police depart-
ment effectiveness. 

CRB is soliCiting written 
opinions from the publi.c and will 
conduct nine public hearings to 
give community agencies and 
individual citizens the chance to 
make their views known. 

letter needs to be re-examined. fortunate similarity in the names. 
First Mr. Post attacks TM by Transcendental Meditation has 

asking us to look at the conditions been a growing force in America 
in India . "Maharishi's c\aims ... are since the late 50's - it is not fading 
not true of his own country" . I from the scene but rather is 
wonder what is the relationship growing as more people desire the 
between present suffering in India intense and rewarding experience 
and TM? Although TM originated meditation offers. 

The first meeting was held last 
Wednesday. 

e RB says it will use information 
obtained at the forums as a guide 
for decision-making on the level 
and quality of police services. in India, the fact is that TM is not Perhaps Mr. Post feels 

as widely practiced in India as in threatened by TM. Why else would 
the United States and Europe. someone who obviously does not 

The Board reports it is seeking 
information on such issues as 
police department services and 
priorities and the best use of police 
resources. 

Next (and this is apparently the understand the process feel the 
crux of Mr. Post's letter), he tries need to criticize it? 
to discredit TM on religious FRED SCHINDLER 
grounds.Maharishi claims TM is 
not a religion and Post would have 
us believe that it is. 

One must first ask exactly what 
criteria are necessary to constitute 
a religion. I find it difficult to 
equate two 20·minute a day 
meditations with the highly 
structured tenets of the major 
religions such as Judaism or 
Christianity. Granted, TM has 
Hindu roots - after all it stems from 
ancient Indian tradition and much 
of India is Hindu. But does that 
make the practitioner of TM a 
member of the Hindu faith? 

Furthermore, one could argue 
that it really makes no difference. 
Implicit in Mr. Post's tone is the 
fear that "normal" practitioners 
are somehow being led to engage in 
some type of evil, unreligious 
practice. In fact, many meditators 
find that TM enhances their 
religious beliefs. 

Much, although not enough, 
viable research has been done on 
the physiological and 
psychological effects of Tran-
scendental Meditation. Mr. Post, 
however, artfully writes off this 
research by a few quotes from 
popular magazines such as 
Newsweek and Psychology Today-
hardly reputable scientific jour-
nals. He simply ignores all the 
research finding. 

Then, he goes on to claim that 
"most of the scientific research 
comes from Maharishi's own TM 
people" . This, too, is simply not the 
case. Various studies have been 
done in a variety of institutions 
throughout the world by reputable 
researchers. First, I would refer 
Mr. Post to Wallace and Bensons's 
thesis (ScientUlc American, April 
1970). Then. I would urge him to 

Political Cartoonist Needed 
The Triton Times has ~ n 

Hlpening for a savvy politi \. 
cartoonist. U you are an art!. , 
confident in your ability to put 
out, and willing to work with the 
Triton Times editorial staff at 
their same high salaries, 
contact John H. Taylor, Mark · 
Woelber or Craig Uchida at the 
office in Blake Hall. Bring 
some of your work. 

John H. Taylor 
Edltor-in-Chlef 

Craig Uchida 
Opinfon editor 

Mark Woelber 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

James G. Soto 
City editor · 

Sara Lowen 
Community editor 

The Jriton Times is recognized as the official student newspaper by 
the Communications Board of UCSO. Unsigned ed itor ials represent 
the views of the majority of the editorial board (above ), and not tile 
views 01 the University, the Communications Boord or the student 
boo/y o 

WINTER TRAVEL for UCSD 
contact : Bill Keller, SSW Travel Office 

UCSD International Center 
452-0630 110m - 4 pm Mon., Wed ., Fri. 

Space still available 
NEW YORK CHARTER $209 
MAZATLAN CAMPING $139 
CENTRAL AMERICA 3 wks $4 79 

SHARE THE RIDE 
WITH US THIS 
THANKSGIVING 

AND GET ON 
TO A GOOD THING. 

Us means Greyhound, and a lot of students who 
are already on to a good thing . You leave when 
you like . Travel comfortably . Arrive refreshed 
and on time. You 'll save money. too . But you 
already know that . So share the ride with us on 
weekends . Holidays . Anytime . Go Greyhound . 

• Course conducted by the foremost test developers in the nation! You're due for a big holiday break. and you've got it. 7 days 
unlimited travel in America and Canada. for $76! Now you 
can go home for the holidays and enjoy I great travel adven -
ture too. before or after. The All -American Arneripass gives 
you special discounts on hotels. meals. sightseeing . Only 
Greyhound serves 48 states . Ask about it now. 

• Our method gives you a SPECIFIC TECHNIQUE for EACH SECTION of the LSAT ... 
you will meet the LSAT on Its own terms! 

• Course includes PRACTICE LSAT, for utilizing techniques given to you ... 
• Each student receives INDIVIDUAL PROFILE of strengths and weaknesses for each 

section ... 
• We're testing specialists; we're fast; we're efficient .. . and best of ali, our method will 

MAXIMIZE YOUR SCORE on the LSAT. 

When 
and 

Where 

TUITlOrt $40.00 ENROLL NOWI 
Sunday, 1'I00ember 23rd For more Info., 
Unlv. of San DIego please call us at 
Law School- Room 2A (714) 239-4443 
San Diego 

-Good thru December15. 1975. 
Bill Keller 

ssw Tr ... t Oftlce UCSD tnl .... l i_ eMIe< 

• 



A o o~ 6 
photography 

Any ev.nt In or Ql'ound the UC Slut Dlqo community Is eligible 
for Inclusion in WHA T'S ON. 

Please use tM styw and format you s. below for submissions. 
Turn them in either to the student center by I pm Thursday, or to 

the Triton Times by I pm Friday. by Walt Schoendorf 

erne 
-D ' c rch ca~ bio-

engineering, Sponsored by Career Planning & Placeme~t. 412 Matthews ~mpu~; 
Noon-Art ExhibltloL The Mandeville Art Gallery wIll sponsor a showmg of The UCSD 

Collection," The collection features paintings from Monet and Picasso and other renowned 
artists of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. The Gallery is open from Noon to 
5:00 pm, Sunday through Friday. The exhibition will continue through November 25. 

Noon-Meetlq of the Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 
1 pm-Worship. Prayer Meeting. All interesting students invited. Lounge Conference 

Room, Student Center. . 
3 pm-MeetIDl of the Chancellor'S Advisory Committee on the Handicapped, in the 

Disabled Student Center, Revelle Commons. Everyone welcome. . 
3:30 pm-8emlar. Scripps Institute of Oceanography Department Seminar : ~r. Donald 

C. Malins. Director. Enviromental Conservation Division. Northwest Flshenes Ce"te~; 
SeatUe, will speak on: "Molecular Balls for Sound Proce8liDg In Ecbo-Iocatiag Cetllce8U. 
Sumner Auditorium, S.I.O. 

4 Dm-8emillar. Bible Studv Seminar. Humanities Library BU1lding, room 1160. 
4 pm-Meetbtl of the UJS, conference room, student center. . 
4 pm-Meetlq of Table Tennis Club. Recreation Conference Room, Recreation Gym. 

(Tentative location.) 
4:30pm-Meeting ofthe Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gym. . . 
5 prn-Meetlq of UCSD Students for Tom Hayden. This is an open meetmg and all In-

terested students are invited to attend. Game Room Conference Room, Student Center. 
5-9 pm-CliDlc at the Birth Control Center is open. Appointments are necessary. Call 452-

2669. 
5:30 pm-Meeting of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Club in the lounge conference room 

of the student center. 
6 pm-Meetlq of the Christian Science Organization. Blake Conference Room, Blake 

Hall. 
6:30 pm-MeetlDg of the UCSD Student Cooperative. All interested students are invited to 

attend. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
7 pm-Meeting of the Student International Meditation Society. Formal Loung~, Revelle 

Commons. 
7 pm- Gay Students' Association Meeting. Informal Lounge, Revelle Commons. All in· 

terested welcome. 
7 pm-Meeting of the Student Dance Coop. West Balcony, Main Gym. 
7 pm-Information. " Is Graduate School for You?" Discussion of factors to take into 

consideration: personal, acadeniic, financial. Mannie Rotenburg; Acting Dean of UCSD 
Graduate Studies ; Jean Fort; Office of Graduate Studies and Research; Pat Ledden, Acting 
Provost, Muir College; Nancy Groves, Academic Advisor, Revelle College; Ernie Mort, 
Revelle College Dean. Humanities Library. 

7:30 pm-Meeting of the Student International Meditation Society. Humanities Library, 
Room 1438. 

7:30 pm- Advanced Meeting for all Transcendental Meditators, Revelle Formal lounge. 
7:45 pm-Meeting of Aikido ClUb. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 
8 pm-Meeting of the Israeli Dance Club. Recreation Conference Room, Recreation Gym. 
8 pm-Organizational Meeting. For all interested students of the 5 & Dime Coffee House. 5 

& Dime, Lower Muir Commons. Free. 
9 pm-Film, sponsored by the Monday Nite Films, classic sllspense thrille r, " Mirage." 5 & 

Dime, Lower Muir Commons, Free. 

2-2:30 pm-stop at the Chabad Table .. , ee Monday listing. 
3 - ptrol ler op r i rma 'on 

Healt nte. servi is for tud t a tudellt 
9-5 -Caree Job int rvle Ie ( 

PhDs candi tes wit 'n n po 
life/h th field r research iel 
necessary. Career ning& cern 1. 4 -....;;;;.,.0.;..;;1 ... - -

I chool Meeting. University of Puget Sound Law School reps to be in Con-
00 B in the Chancellor's Complex. Drop-in. More information at Career Plan-

ment, 412 MC. 
Open Counseling with Ester Salazar, 701 MC. 
Career Counseling Walk-In with Jenni Murray & Dick Weber, 302 MC. 

l1·n.mltt-l>WW School Meeting. Boston Law School reps to conduct meeting {or interested 
students to discuss programs, etc. Conf. Rm B in Chancellor's Complex. 

11 am-Meeting of the Fourth College Program Board. Conference Room, Matthews 
Recreation Center. 

Noon-Meeting of the Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 
12:30 pm-Lunch and informal discussion with Barbara Shapiro, Revelle South Dining 

Hall. All are welcome. 
1 pm-Worship Prayer Meeting. All interested student.~ invited, Lounge Conference Room, 

Student Center. 
4 pm-8emhu,r. Professor Franz Durst, Karlsruke University , Germany, will conduct a 

fluid mechanic; ~eminar on : Application of Laser-Doppler Anemometry to Single and 
Two-Phase Flo,fs 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle Campus. 

4: 30 pm-Met ling of the Gymnastics Club. South Balc\lny, Main Gymnasium. 
4: 30 pm-Met ti~ of the Revelle Residence Hall Board. Blake Conference Room. 
6 pm-Meeting of the Cheerleaders Club. Recreation Conference Room, Recreation Gym. 
6 pm-Meeti.rR of too Dance Workshop. West Balcony, Main Gym. 
6 pm-"Meetil g ci the Pep Band Club. RecreuUon COIlrerence Room, Recreation Gym. 
6:30 pm-5eminar. UCSD extension finance seminar: Death of a Relationship: Estate 

Planning for !he Woman Alone. The program will discuss the virtues of making sound 
financial arra Iganents early. Call 452-3400 for more information. Room 2301 APM , Muir 
Campus. 

7 pm-Infonnalion Session. " Health Sciences: Alternatives to Med SchooL" Harvey 
Selversten, U(;SD Health Science Advisor; Dr. Aton, Assistant Director of Personnel, UCSD 
University Ho~pital. Humanities Library Auditorium. 

7 pm-Meetlll4!: Fourth College FORUM government, Matthews Rec Center. 
7:30 pm-5oarlng Club Ground School is s till mandatory. All persons interested in joining 

are invited to attend. No experience necessary. HSS 2150. 
7:30 pm-5peaker. Jane Fonda will be speaking at the University of San Diego Law School, 

More Hall . Topic: Freedom of Information and Women In Politics. Donations : $1. 
7:30 p.m .-5cripture/Meditation group, University-Comrnunity Church. 

I American Graduate School of International 
Management. Drop-in for program/financial aids information. Career Planning & 
Placement, 412 MC. 

10-12 pm-Opea C0UD8eliDg with Dick Weber, 701 MC. 
10 am-<:OOldDg SemiDar. International Kitchen, until 2 pm, International Center. 
11 am-MeeilllC of the Revelle Program Board, Revelle provost office. 
Noon & 7:30 pm-Pre .. ralory lecture on the Transcendental Meditation program, north 

conference room, student center. 
Noon-Ecameak:al Bible ad Prayer group, Revelle formal lounge. 
Noon-BI'OWJl Bag LuDcll to discuss Issues relating to graduate women students, lounge 

conference room, student center. 
Noon-RaUy-Olari Musa, Socialist Workers Candidate for US Senate from California. 

Revelle plaza. 
Noon-MeeUq. Conditioning Club Meeting. WresUing Room, main gym. 
Noon-Lecture. Students International Medltation Society Lecture. North Conference 

Room, Student Center. . 
Noon-Meeting. Campus Ministry Meeting. Formal Lounge, Revelle Commons. 
Noon-<:Oacert. EDNA, UCSD's student information center, proudly presents "Stone's 

Throw," in concert. "Stone's Throw" performs Billy Holiday and Bessie Smith-type music. 
They have recenUy finished an engagement at the "Rusty Pelican" in Newport Beach. The 
concert is free and on the front gym steps. 

1 pm-WorshJp, Prayer Meeting. All interested students invited. Lounge conference, 
student center. 

3 pm-Meeting of the Disabled Student Union in the Disabled Student Center, Revelle 
Commons. All students welcome. 

3:30 pm-Meeting. A candidate for Director of Career Planning and Ptacement will be 
available to talk to interested students in the lounge conference room, student center. 

4 pm-Poetry Reading. Kathleen Fraser will give a poetry reading. Formal Lounge. 
Revelle Commons. 

4 pm-Water Polo versus UC Irvine (J . V. ), at Irvine. 
4 pm-Meeting. Table Tennis Club Meeting. Recreation Conference Room, RecreatiOIl 

Gym (tentative location) . . . . 
4 pm-5eminar. Dr. William H. Fenical will conduct a manne ~he~ .semlna~ on 

" Chemical Defense Mechanisims in Marine Organisms." 202 ScrIpPs BUlldmg, SCriPPS 
Institute of Oceanography. 

4 :30 pm-Meeting. Gymnastics Club Meeting . South Balcony, Main Gym. 
4:30 pm-Biology Seminar Dr. Harry Rubi.n of the De~art~ent of Molec~ar Biology, u:c.\ 

Berkeley, wil speak on " The Role of DIvalent Cations m the Coordinate Control of 
Meta bolism Function and Growth in Animal Cells," Room 2105, Bonner Hall. 

5·9 pm-Clinic at the Birth Control Center . See Monday listing. 
5 pm-Lecture. Paul B. Beeson, M.D., Veterans Administration Hospital, Seattle, ~jJl 

speak on, " Viewpoints on Medical Training and Medical Practice in England and the United 
States." Leonard D. Garren Auditorium, Medical school. 

5:30 pm-Meeting. The Budget/Resource Group of the Student Cooperative will meet to 
discuss winter quarter program budget requests . All interested students are invited to 
attend. Contact Sandy Sterling in Student Organizations for more information : 452-4450. The 
meeting will take place in student organizations, student center. . 

6 pm-Panel Discussion. Mujer will sponsor a panel discussion on contemporary Chicana 
issues, including those relating to academics, personal existence, sex economics, health, 
etc . The discussion will be followed by dinner. International Center. 

6:30 pm-Womens's volleyball versus Palomar College, Palomar College, San Marcos, 
CA. 

6:30 pm-Meeting: Fourth College Residence Hall Board, Matthews Rec center (down' 
stairs). 

6:30 pm-American Sign Language Class in the Disabled Student Center (next to the 
Reve lie Commons) . Everyone welcome. 

7 pm-Meeting. Kundalini Yoga Club Meeting. Adaptive Room, Main Gym. 
7 pm- Information Session. " The Legal Profession : Law School and Beyond." Tom Hull , 

assistant to the vice-chancellor for academic affairs; Ralph Levens, UCSD Legal Services ; 
Nick Aquilar, recent graduate of UC Davis law school; Gina Dronet, current law school 
applicant. 

7:30 pm-Drama Presentation. Campus Crusade will sponsor "Changing Faces," a one· 
woman dramatic presentation performed by Linda Gobel. Free. Matthews cafeteria. 

7:30 pm-Lecture. Students International Meditation Society Lecture. North conference 
room, student center. 

7:30 pm-Meeting. Dance Workshop Meeting. North balcony, main gym. 
7:30 pm-5peaker. Omarl Musa, Socialist Workers Party Candidate for US Senate from 

California, will speak at San Diego State University, Council Chambers. For more in-
formation- 2110-1292. 

7:30 pm-Meeting of the Trident Christian Fellowship. North conference room, student 
center. 

7:30 pm-Roman Catholic Community gathering at University-Community Church 
lounge. 

7 :45 pm-Meeting. Aikido Club Meeting. Wrestling room, main gym. 
8 pm-5eminar on Basic Christianity, "The Emerging Eucharistic Consensus," 

University-Community Church office. 
8 pm-MeeUng of the bicycle club. Recreation gym conference room. 
8:30 pm-Music. 5 & Dime's " Sing for Your Supper Series," featuring Jeff Levine and 

others, Muir 5&Dime, lower muir commons. Free. 

m~nCounselingwith ,701MC. 
row discuss issues relating to graduate women students, Inter-
nterL e. 

eetln, of onditioning Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 
ert. Fo College will present "The Rising Sons," in concert. Free. Mat-

ria Pati 
n- ,a . College Program Board. Muir Activities Office. 

12 : 30 pm-LuDch aad Informal discussion with Harold Urey Revelle South Dining Hall. All 
are welcome. 

1·5 pm-Law School MeetlDg. UC Hastings College of Law reps at Conf. Rm B Chan-
cellor's Complex to discuss programs, etc. Drop-in. More information at Career Pla~ing & 
Placement, 412 MC. 

I pm-Workshop. Prayer Meeting. All interested students invited. Lounge Conference, 
Student Center. 

3 pm-Reception. Meet your provost, Muir College Provost Office. Munchies . 
3 pm-Field hockey team vs. Palomar College. Palomar College, San Marcos, Ca . 
4 pm- Meeting of the Fourth College Career Planning Formal Lounge, Revelle Commons. 
4: 30 pm-Meeting of the Gymnastics Club. South Balcony, Main Gym. 
4 :30 pm-BadmJatoa team vs. Mesa College. Mesa College, San Diego. 
5 pm-WOOleD's swimmiag team vs. CSULB and CSULA. Cal State Long Beach, Long 

Beach. 
5: 30 pm-MeetiDg of the Belly Dance Club. Recreation Conference Room, Rec. Gym. 
5: 30 pm-MeetiDg of the Yoga qub. Adaptive Room, Main Gym. 
6 pm-MeetlllC. Abbey of Leng. Game Room Conference Room, Student Center. 
6 pm-MeetlllC ofthe Muir Outing Club. A.P.M. 2402, Muir Campus. 
6 pm-Meeting of the Triton Wargaming Society, 902 Tioga Hall. All interested are 

welcome. 
6: 30 pm-Meetlq. KSDT Training and Growth Session. North Conference Room, Student 

Center. 
7 pm-Meetial of the Young Socialist Alliance. The meeting will be held in conjunction 

with the BSU and will feature Omarl Musa, Socialist Worker's Party candidate for the US 
Student Center, North Conference Room. 

7 pm-"ImpUcatiollS of the Missouri Synod Crisis," at University.{A)mmunity Church. 
7 pm-MeetlnI of the Students International Medltation. Humanities Library, Room 1402. 
7 pm-lDfermatiOll Sessioo. "Business Administration/ Management: What is it?" Daniel 

, UCSD Economics Department: Marilyn Rhode, UC Berkeley, School of Business 
Administration: Students from San ' Diego State University's M.B.A. Program. 1128 
Humanities Library BI~ . 

7 pm-Meetlag of the Fencing Club. west Balcony, Main Gym. 
7:30 pm-Leetare. In conjunction with the Students International Meditation Society, Dr. 

Paul Levine will lecture on current scientific and E.E .G. research on Transcendental 
Meditation. liDS Basic Science Bldg., Medical School. 

7:30 pm-Filma by WomenlArtisVFilmmakers, Inc. group will be sbown in 1438 
uma nities Library Building. For more info contact: Visual Arts Dept. 
8 pm-Meeting. Omari Musa will meet with Black Student Union, north conference room, 

student center. 
8 pm-Entertainment. Game Nite at the 5&Dime. Here's a chance to meet other game 

enthusiasts. BYO Game. (Backgammon, checkers, bridge,monopoly). Open to all. Lower 
Muir Commons. 

6 pm-Rally for Omari Musa, Socialist Worker's Party Candidate for the US Senate from 
California. 'Revelle Plaza. 

8 pm-Seminar. Dr. Eli Silver, Department of Earth Sciences, UCSC, will speak on : 
Studies alld Tectonic Development of the Continental Margin off the Western 
" I.G.P.P. Conference Room, ScripPs Institute of Oceanography. 

DelWtml!""Qf.1 .... oll~gi(: al S,iVr'f'P .• , UCSB, will 
Renilla. " 

Workshop, Prayer Meeting. All interested students invited. Lounge Conference, 
Center. 

pm-Seminar. Mr. John Allen, University of Texas, will conduct an applied ocean 
I'''IU'''', and computer science seminar on: " Computer-aided Machine Design and its ap-

to the Ocean." 307 Vaughan Hall, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
15 pm-Lecture. L.A, Healey, MD, will speak on " Polymyalia Pheumatica a nd Grant 
Arthritis." Lieb Auditorium, Scripps clinic. 

:30 pm-Law Scbool Visit. The Northwestern School of Law will visit UCSD. Drop in 
ween 1:30 and 4:30 pm. 412 MC. room 17. 
: 30-4 pm-~aw Seh~1 Meeting. Northwestern School of Law to give programslfinancial 

mformation. Drop-m. Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 
2 pm-Meeting. Inter-college Coop Meeting. Student organizations, student center. 
2 , given by Dr. M. Wolgast, Docent in Biomedical Physics, Institute for 

ology & Medical Physics, University of Uppsala , Sweden on Functional Ultrastructure 
Perltubular Capillaries and the Renal Intel1ilitium. Basic Science Building 2100, 

" 'laLL llt' WS campus. 
3 pm-Colloqulum sponsored by the Phil~phy Department. Dr. James Bogen will speak 

on An Empirical Refutation of Cartesian ScepticJsm. Revelle Formal Lounge. 
4 pm-WOlDen's volleyball vs. Grossmont College. Recreation Gym, UCSD. 
4 pm-Meeting. Gymnastics Club. Balcony, main gym. 
6: 30 pm-5eminar. "Bible Dig·In," sponsored by the Trident Christian Fellowship. Tioga 

. Rooms 102, 302,502,702, 1102. 
45 pm-Servlces, shabbos meal, gefilte fish , chicken soup. Socialize and play the game of 

the Rabbi. FREE. 
7 pm-Meeting of the Campus Crusade for Christ, Winzer Commons, Basic Science 

Building, Medical School. Topic: A Challenge to Greataess. All are welcome to attend. 
7 pm-Meeting. Young Socialist Alliance Meeting. P&:L 1110, Muir Campus. 
7:30 pm &: 10 pm-Film. The Campus Program Board presents: Ladies and Gentlemen 

Rolling Stones. Admission is $1. Mandeville Auditorium. 
7 :30 pm-Meeting. Folk Dance Club Meeting. Recreation Conference Room, Rec. Gym. 
8 pm-Harbor Cndse of San Diego Bay with dancing, live band, &: refreshments. Enjoy the 

tWo-hour cruise aboard the MV Marietta for only $2.75 per person (only 175 tickets will be 
sold). Tickets available at 701 MC. Sponsored by Fourth College. 

.8 pm-Forum. Barry Sheppard, Socialist Workers Party National Organization Secretary, 
Will speak on Portugal at the erossroads. P&:L 1110. 

8 pm-Concert. ' Cecil Lytle, UCSD Music Department, will direct the UCSD Jazz 
in concert. Recital Hall, Mandeville Center. 

8 pm-Drama Preseatatlon. The Drama Department will present Tennesse Williams' 
QCamino Real. Director Arthur Wagner invites you to join familiar characters like Don Ulxote, Camille, Kilroy, and others on a phantasmagorical journey along the unfamiliar 
rP<lh

th of Camino Real. General admission is $3 and admission for students is $1 .50. UCSD 
catre. r::30 pm-Tbeater. At the Crystal Palace Theater, 37860ce Front Walk, Mission Beach, 
e Convention by T. K. Blakesley. Reservations: 481-Il001. Through December 28. 

C 10 pm-Meeting. Admlnlstratfve Intems Meeting. Office of Student Organizations. Student enter. 

eroom 
mina . 
of 

sitive pe ingle I . Call 3400 
ini a ' 0 . Mat Camo_ ,,--... 

North 

n "The 
many 
lilA, 

o am-Fencing, team in UCSD Foil Tourney. ain Gym, UCSD. 
10 -W I g team w1l1 participate in the All-Call Tournament. UCB 
.~ ~. ' 

10 eeUng 0 arate Club. Main Gym. 
I eeting of t Aikido Club. Wrestling Room, Main Gym. 

ting of oung Socialist Alliance P&L, 1110, Muir Campus, 
. . rt o. reenIBarbecue sponsored by the Revelle Program Board. Slick 

NIckel WIll be playmg. Hot Dogs, Salads, etc. FREE. 
.1 p,?-Paoel of activists from Black, Chicano & Asian-American Liberation movements 

Will dISCUSS How to Fight Racism. P&L 1110. 
3 pm-Water polo team versus Chapman College. UCSD Pool. 
3 po:-Concert. Ch~mber mus!c concert, sponsored by the UCSD Music Department and 

featurmg UCSD MUSICians. ReCital Hall, Mandeville Center. 
6 ~m-Banquet & ,rally for Peter Camejo, Socialists Workers Party candidate for 

PreSident, and Oman Musa , candidate for Senate, will speak at San Diego State University, 
Azt.ec Center, Casa Real. For tickets and transportation contact the Young Socialist 
Alliance. 

7:30 p~-Films. The Campus Program Board presents : " Blessed Eve nt ," 1932, with Lee 
Tract, Dick .Powe~1 an~, Una Me~kel- the portrait of a small time, " yellow" journalist. 7: 30 
pm; H~ G.lrl ~nday, 1940, WIth Cary Grant, Rosalind Russel and Ralph Bellamy _ 9: 15 
pm, AdmISSIOn IS $1.00. 

8 pm-Drama Presentation. CamJno Rea!. .. see Friday listing. 
8:30 pm-Tbeater. Th.eC~nventio~ by T. K. Blakesley. See Friday listing. 
PLEASE NOTE: The FIlm Festival on Science Fiction Films scheduled for 8 pm has 

been CANCELLED. " 

tensie') Office wID sponsor the 
e~,.Sing 'Th ogram 

cond part of a psyctwlogy 
by Ma dwaids, will 

of ingle e. Call 2-3400 ore info . n, Room 
wsC pus. 

mess e i the ama agu 'Mo ta ' 'th Lea R e &: Marty 
L"'IO.IJ~lfra~ . ~. rra d f.rtbp a e (~ox' ) hike", bring a 
sack lunch. Sign up now 10 701 MC and telephone 452-4581 for more infonnation. Group will 
be limited to no more than 25 persons. 

10:30 am-Worship. Catholic Students Mass. North Conference Room, Student Center 
3 pm-Meeting. Chess Club Student Center. 
6 pm-OillDer. Friends third ethnic dinner featuring Iranian cruisine. Call the Inter· 

national Center for reservations: Admission is $6.50 for members, $7.50 for noo-members. 
International Center. 

7 pm-DupUcate Bridge. Revelle north dining hall. 
7:30 pm -Poetry reading nite loft. Loft Bookstore, 935 Sixth Ave. San Diego. Upstairs 2 

doors south of Broadway. Donations: $1. 
7:30 pm-Bridge Lesson. Revelle formal lounge . FREE. 
8 pm-Drama Presentation. Camino Real ... see Friday listing. 
8: 30 om-Tbeater. The Convention by T. K. Blakesley. See Friday listing. 

Worship at Uaiverslty~unJty Church, t5I5 La Jolla Shores Drive 
Catholic-8 :30am and 5 pm 
Lutheran -10 am, with UCSD Gospel Choir directed by Cecil Lytle 
Episcopal· 11 : 30 am. 
7 pm - "Medical Aspects of Abortion," by Katherine Ivanoff at Uniiveirsit:y,,(;onlIDl~nityl 

Church lounge. ' 

WHAT'S ON St.1t Wendy E..gle. edito<; Btr1 BI ... k.nteld, Intormalion coof<llnator; Tony. Yoly, St.f. 5' ... . 
Fred, Oan. J ..... p .. J.ntt F .. 0_. Oenn l • . Cheryl. l ind. B .. lind.l . Su • . lntorm.llong.,h.",," : Cynth .. . 
Com mi • . Wondy. typlll l , 

• J 



..... 

lege Graduates 
Why settle r an ordinary job when you ·can choose a 

challenlin~ career? Qualify for a position as a ... 
lAWYER'S ASSISTANT 

through an intensive 12 week course offered by 
University of San Diego in cooperation with 
The National Center for Paralegal Training. 

Specializing In _ olllle loIlowlng lIeld.: 

Corporations 
Estates, Trusts 
and Wills 
Publ ic Service Low 

litigation 
Real Estate 

and Mortgages 

ApplicaUone now being accepted torSp"ng 1t7l,·Su_1976. and FIN 1971 

i 
SO 

F9r a free brochure, write : 

U nI ..... ty 01 San Diego 
lawyers A .. I."nl 
Alcala PlrI< Sill Diego, Cel 92110 
or .,.117141291-6410 .x" 2.7 

. 

A representative will be on the UCSD co mpus. Nov . . 20. Contact the 
placemenl office for information and to arrange interviews 

• rift .. 'IRK'S 

I . I-----------------~ 
LAW 

..... 1Ilo • • 12: '!be 1..,&1 'rof ... loa: ~ kItool .... !!r'" 1:00 hi, 
sO .... lU ..... *-Ial Set.-

1141. ... 1 .... 1 .. "fu" to 1_ 
.et.ol t04«7 ' What QIJ~T ,_ 
....... ry, ... '.,.r (bu. Keyra',' 
la tw j. _rket aluu."1 

t_ .11, '-dal.at to tM Vier 
a.aac.l1or for Ac: ...... c lUeJn. 
ICID. 

..... IAwu. UClD t.aa,.l Senole .. . 
Wiu AluUlr. reu_t 1 ..... 14 ..... '. n' 

UC o..u 1., ICboot; "'" :r-~ 
C&aa _"", cvnn' _ .-=r' 

.,,1Ic_c. 

freshmen, sophomOres ..... . 
ita not too early 

juntors. seniors 
It .. not to late .... ....... . 

, 

BUSINESS 
",,,,iI. . 10 •. 131 ""M.; T1i!ftLltraUOtil mr-ti ... e is iff 100 "', 1w .... 'U .. aM IoCtd IdMlC .. 

....... . .Ie" .... n_1U ... an I,:unnu, 
,1 .. 'L1",l La tM (leU of ., ..... 
., ............. ,. ,...,.raUOII .. 
........ r ......... ,..h ..... .. 
_, kl •• c.' Ie aUNr _.c. fo .. ,au' 
... ~ au ."'''' ........... c .. , 

ra.lllel Orr, UCID Ic--.Lca Dept •• 
Meul-.tt Seiene.. ......... 

11 ... 11,. Do4Ie. UC lerlLeh" le",l 
oC .ull .... AaJ,aJuracl00 

Itu'*nl. tr. s. DteSo 1t4l'. 
!Mlveuit,' . taA ......... 

-

~ron~or('J li1 i'bUrtl!. "Iir, Itevel l e. 
and Third (o lleSes 

BRG ••• 
lnelude PI," for Ibe Cempua 
Progam BoIrd, $IT" for the 
Communicatians Boerd, fl7 PI for 
operating expenaea, ' $G,IIO for 
campus evem. .uch .. dMceI and 
f11ms and $12,. for the operaUng 
expenses f1 student orpnlzatl«l8. 

The preaent Coop repl'elen-
tatlves on the BRG are Mon-
tgomery Reed, Anna Vallez, 
ChrIstopher Lauria and Cecelia 
Lauria (no relation). 'I1Ie eoIlege 
representatives are McCormack, 
Revelle, Frances EspaJa, 'lblrd, 
and Howell Bassett, Fourth, with 
the Muir representative position 
held jointly by Steve Petach and 
Jody Gordon. 

Election f1 Coop representatives 
to the BRG is scheduled to be held 

tonig~ at the Coop meeting. The 
candidates for election are the 
same people who now hold the 
posts. 

AS. • • 
Any ten AS members can call a 

meeting by petition, she said. 
Only a limited amount of non-AS 

members are allowed Into a senate 
meeting. AS chalnnan Sheldon 

. Schultz said Friday that reser· 
vations for seating should be made 
through the AS office on a first· 
come, first-serve basis. 

TRiTON TiME'S CLAssifiEd Ads . 1 
'" 

- . 

Rules Ind Rltt. 

Classilleds should ellher be printed or Iyped on a 3"x5" card (available In 
TrUon TImes olllce) . They may be submllted anytime between 9 and noon 
and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The fo llowing rales are lor 1 00 spaces .. If you use more spaces. the rate 
will double . (100 spaces -·25 cents: 101 10200 -- 50eent.) . 

Personals .. 51 
Lost and Found .. free 
Other ads: studenls .. 25 cents 

nonstudents .. $1 
Oeadllnes : 4 pm Friday lor Monday: 4 pm Monday tor Wednesday; 4 pm 

Wednesday lor Friday . 
Announcements: Iree. All announcement. will run In the Monday 

calendar. Deadline lor calendar: 4 pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections to IIslings In the Schedule of Classe. lor 

regular Unlver.lly courses will be charged $1 .) 

housiNG 
F rmmale needed. own rm in Ig Solana Beach 
duplex. ocea~ view. quiel . lots of storage. 
splitleYel$90 /mo. 755·21 01 . (11110) 

Roommale wan led : Own big room in huge 
house' POOl. I 'h acres. 12 ml. fromUCSO In 
the country . 756-2826 (11 /12) 

HOUSE 4 BRM 2 BA FIX UP SAVE 
THOUSANDS . W"LK UC. SECLUOED LOT. 
NEW CARPET PAINT. 691.1 21~478·11 82 
OWNER . (11114) 

Angell ish. Silvers and Halfblacks. Assorted 
Sizes and Prices Call 27~4224 or Carol at 
453·0244. (11114) 

1964 VW. Exlenor rough . new brakes. tires. 
gen. bal runs good . 5350.00. Call 436 .. 960 
aller 5 ask for Dan (11/ 12) 

Large Exec DeSk . locking drawers. 
sw,vel/ rocker chair. $110.00 or best offer. 
Ca ll 481 ·9207 (111 10) 

Full wei """. hl·neck. back zipper · almost 
new $43.00 O'Niel Jacket · ex. cond o. 
~22 00 Call48I ·92Q7 (1 1/10) 

SKI JACKET FOR SALE Size· men's large 
SI5 Paul 272·1717 . (11/1 0) 

Oynastar MV 2 Skis - one year old . 200CM . 
Siurdy ,ntermedlate or beg. ski. Manvrl 
Boois 9 'I> Spademan Bindings. 481-0258 
aller5 pm. (11/10) 

Backpack Stoves. 2 Primus8-R Sioves. CoSI 
·52000 each. Sell· $10 .00 each. 452·9340. 
(11/10) 

Yamaha 125. 1968 Sireet Scrambler. low 
mileage. good condo 5200.00. 452·9340. 
(1 1/10) 

1969 Suzuki T·500. One owner. near perlect 
New l ires. chain . rear sprocket. Fairing. 
Runs extremely well . 48 MPG with 2 on 
Board. $425 Call X2074 or 264-7240 eve. 
Th is is a sirong. super· reliable bike. (11/12) 

FOR SALE : Turquoise Jewelery at 
'WHOLESALE prices Call 453·5671 . ask lor 
Fred. E.cellen l wort< I (11/ 17) 

WANTEd 
Need e.lra cash? PaYing top dOllar lor your 
U S Solver coins monted before 1965. Ken 
453-7924 (11/26) 

E'peroenced typlSI needed to work nighls. 
Musl be accurale. Call436·3747 

F. Roommale wanted start ing Jan. Own 
Room and balh In large La Jolla Village 
house. 5100 per mo. 454·2813 (11 /14) 

STUDENTS. earn while you learn . Part · l ime 
contact work affords e.tra income Call 461 · 
3876. (tl /12) 

WANTED People who wanl to earn belween 
550 and $500 per monlh part lime. Call alter 
5 pm. 748-5475. It 1/tO) 

• SERVICES 
People movers. Moving advice and 
a .. ,stance. Very reasonable. Call Jell 272· 
3078 . (11 126) 

THE WOOO OOVE·A gourmel Nal~ral Foods 
Restaurant. recently opened in Solana 
Beach. 150 Acacia (Next 10 Anolher Bird). 
Open ,, · 1, . Oinner lrom 5-10. Special oller: 
Fruit Smoothle. 45 cenls. Oct. 15· Nov. 15. 
Tel 755·5810. 

00 you really feel like sltllng up tonighl to 
gel thai paper typed Ihat was due last week? 
Lei me do il - call Sher 279-1418 Clairemonl. 
(11/26) 

Colleg iate research aids· lhousands on flie. 
Send $1 for your 160 page mail order calalog . 
Research Assistance. 11322 Idaho Ave 11206 
Los Angeles CA 90025. 21~477-8474 . (1119) 

Modeling Portlolio·s. If you're interested In 
modeling and need one. Call 452.()410 · ask 
for David Bargain. (11110) 

Typing lor Adults Ind Chlld,.n 
We can teach touch-fyping to seven· year· 

aids and up. The new "Cover-Guide" 
Program now enables young children as well 
as adults to enjoy the many benel lts 01 being 
able 10 touch·lype rapidly and accuralely. 
IndiVIdualized In~ truclion is offered in small 
private c lasses. Brush up courses also 
available. For InformatiOn. please call' 454· 
7167 Train ing Research Corp .. 7440 Girard. 
LaJolia (11/14) 

Maybe leelure notes aren' l for you . bul If 
you're Ilred of spending so much time 

Tune uPS. brakes . minor repair. Good work. 
low price. 1.1 Ike 4B8.Q873. (11/14) 
Explore old master drawing 8. painli"," 
Learn how to prepare your own surfaces & 
painlS. Bill 436·0709. (11/24) 

Are you adopled ? Seeking nalural parenls? 
232-651 00rP 0 . 33272 SD92103 . (117) 

HATHA YOGA Classes. 6 wk Intro course 
$12. Begins Tues. Nov. 11 7·8 '30 pm. Wed . 
Nov. 129:30-11 am. Inlermedlate classes sa 
per monlh. Thurs Nov. 6 orFrl Nov. 79:30·11 
am. FREE Intro c lass Wed Nov . 5 9:30-11 
am. For Regri s. call 275-1839 Sandra Jen· 
nings (cenlfied by Indra Oevl) . Classes 10 be 
held in Easl Commons Old Mesa Apts . 
(1I1t2) 

I go to Rome (Italy) on Thu. 13 for 3 weeks. 
Need anylhlng from lhere? I can do II lor few 
bucks. 270-2060. (11 11 0) 

Blues Harmonica Lessons. 272.a532. (li lt 0) ' 

Tennis Lessons · Studenl rales to S7.50 / hr. 
Sieve Bassett IUS PTA) 459·3755 . (11/10) 

HP·45 OWNERS. I can add a limer to your 45 
W' lh no mods. Call me for detai l • . Evens. 
Dave. 272·9932. (11 /10) 

Typing • IBM Correctfng Seleclrlc Thesl •. 
manuscrlpl · scI. & tech. Experienced. Jan · 
X3194 (510). (10/14) 

GIRLS! Are you inleresled in a FR!,E facial 
and beaul y hints? Call Michele at 452·1236. 
(11 /10) 

Typisl . IBM lerm paperlthesls/dlsser· 
lal'ons / elc. Editing /rush lobs/Xerox . 560-
8171 . (11/26) 

Typing - Marilyn would like 10 type your 
paper. theSIS, book. She Is experienced. 
fasl. reasonable. and has a Correcling IBM . 
Please call her at 565·7060. (11 /12) 

..... 11'1 .......................... cramm,ng . maybe they are for you. Sold M· 
.; Th 11 00-1 .00 Revelle Quad Gel all back 

SSW Travel Olilce. UCSD Inlernallonal 
Center. XMAS NY Chart!'" $209 : Mazatzan 
camp1ng $139; Cenl. Ameri ca 3 weekS 
$479 .. Inl'l Siudent 10. Summer Europe 
Charter. . .452·0630 11 am • 4 pm. Mon . 
Wed. Frlonly. (11126) Communications 

Board 
A -Large Rep. needed 

-experience requested-

Contact Appointments and Evaluations 
Committee ext 4450 

Ole: Other At-Large Campus Wide 
ommittee Poition well 

I .. ue, (11/17) 

A Full Service Salon For 
The Entire Family 

Europe. Israel. Onenl . NY. TGA low-cosl 
fIIghls. A is l 1436 S. LaClenega BI. LA. 
90035. 714·544·9333 or 213ii52.2727. 
(11/26) 

LOST & fouNd 
Found ring . Leave written dlscription to 
claim at T T . Oilice. one week only. (11/1 2) 

LOSI Fri 1()'31 pa ir of rimles. grn. polar old 
sunglasses whose return would be ap-
precla led . Joey · 755-7427. (11/10) 

Losl : Small brown date/address book. LOSI 
all my phone number' • Help · Reward. 
Chanah 452·2454 . (11110) 

Losl : Female. apricolAlghan. Reward . 295· 
9477. (11/10) 

Losl : Gold Seiko Watch 11/3. Great se ... 
t lmenla l value. Reward. Call Wendy X4185 
or 272-0123. (11 /10) 

LoSI: Gold S l ar of David Necklace. Great 
senlimer>lal value· reward - call MaryAnn 
453.()13O. (1 t / 10) 

Found : One Orange Compass Skaleboaod 
11/6 IN30797250). 452.971 ~ . (11/10) 

Found Oct. 31 wrili"," paper book. idenlify 
boo!<. Claim both. Chris 452-36E6. (11 /10) 

J . T. 
HAPPY ANN IVERSARY PAL · "LL MY LOVE 
"LWAYS o..ERIC. (11110) 

Teresa : It's niCe knowing you . J (11/10) 

BLUE PINTO: I saw yr .. car hI! . Have IIc. no. 
ColiTues. nlghlonly452· 1956. (1 t /l0) 

MYSTIC MASTER .. Meet the man WhO 
Irancends medilatlon thru MysliC 
Manipulation Wed. 12th Nov. noon. (11 /101 

Teresal. II's great knowing you . See yOU In 
Ihe mounLalns. J (11/ 10) 

Oana lhe Cook. Diana and Teem. all my 
Irlends (esp. CY). all my Irlend. : Thanx lor 
be,t ~day ever. Janel. (1111 0) 

A representotive of 

UNlVERsm OF PEUOOT SOUND 
LAWICHOOl 

TACOMA.Wa"'lngton 

will speak with intereste d 
students about Low School, 
and legol ptofession, and the 
Unoversity of Peugot Sound 
Law School on 

Tu ••. NOV 1I10.m-12_ 
.IUoI.C.COIIt . _' 

all studentl welcome 

Trick or Treat Capers: The Ohio Players 
by Conley Major 

StaHWriter 

If your "trick or treating" 
schedule didn't include the Ohio 
Players Concert Halloween night 
at the Sports Arena, then you 
missed the best treat of all. Both 
the Pointer Sisters and the Ohio 
Players really got down! 

Dave Thayer of California 
Concerts and Curtis Minnifield 
combined their production and 
promotional efforts to show San 
Diego concert goers just how to 
present a concert and do it right. 

Show time was shortly after 8 
p.m. and there were good vibes 
radiating throughout the Arena as 
the Pointer Sisters came on and 
began their performance. When 
they broke into their routine, I 
r ouldn't helD noticin~ something 
peculiar about their appearance. 
For some reason I was expecting 
the group to make their San Diego 
debute styling the nostalgic regalia 
which has become somewhat of a 
trademark for them. But there 
was a conspicuous absence of the 
roaring 20's getup they usually 
sport. The deletion was refreshing, 
although at first I wondered if the 
Pointer Sisters had not been 
s ubstituted at the last minute- by 

"Suppermens". 

The beauty of the Sisters, who 
were adorned in their ron-
temporary attire with the piano 
keyboard running up the right side, 
was only excelled by the talent 
they displayed. Despite the al>-
sence of one member, neither their 
harmony, depth, nor versatility, 
appeared to be affected to any 
significant degree. Some people 
probably didn't even know that a 
Sister was missing, since both the 
earlier songs such as " Hot 
Peanuts" and the more recent 
ones, " I Know You Got A Chich On 
the Side," sounded as full as the 
recording. 

You can tell how much the 
audience enjoyed the Pointer 
Sisters by the standing ovation 
which they received. Naturally 
they came back for an encore. 

Mter an intermission featuring a 
prize give away, the Ohio Players 
began, with a " Pain." The question 
in my mind as to whether the 
Players as artists were - more 
niteclub performers than concert 
entertainers came under im-
mediate scrutiny as the Players 
waged a rhythmic assault agaInst 
$ydis5enting fans . The funkier the 
Players got with their hits-the 
" Funky Worn ," " It's Hell", 
"Smoke," "Fire," and " Roller 

latest fashions 
in wi re fram.es 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometri st 
midway 
fedmart · 
store 
eyes examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fitted 
repai;s 
hours mon -fro lO :!O - 8 00 
SIt 10·6 ClOsed sundays 

1.n,.. .... "".9'" arena blVd. 
jilCross frOl11lhe sporls alena) 

224·2974 

Coaster." -the more the audience 
rocked. The technical production, 
sound, lights, and mixing were all 
handled professionally. 

The length and quality of the 
performance presented a com-
prehensive display of the group's 
versatility. It also i1\ustrated the 
multitalented nature of the In-
dividuals who comprise the group. 
The diversity comes partially from 
the abundance of musical in-
struments played by the group. 

The Ohio Players are Clarence 
(Sa tch) Sachell, tenor, soprano 
and baritone saxophones, trumpet, 
£lute; Marshall Jones, bass guitar ; 
Ralph (Pee Wee) Middlebrooks, 
trumpet, trombone ; Billy Beck, 
plano, organ, clarinet, ARP syn-
thesizer; Marvin (Merv) Pierce, 
trumpet , valve t rombone, 
flugelhorn ; Leroy (Sugar) Bonner, 
lead .guitar ; and Jimmy 
(Diamond) Williams, drums. 

Sooner or later everyone, in-
cluding the police, had to move in 
response to the music. 

The Ohio Players concert was a 
different and enjoyable way to 
spend Halloween for those who 
were not occupied with the more 
traditional rituals and capers that 
go down on Oct. 31. . 

Support 

IT 

Advertisers 

Page 7 

AartVark 

Films, Poetry Upcoming 
by Elizabeth Chiment 

Staff Writer 
A series of films produced by members of the 

Women/ ArtisUFilmakers, Inc. will be shown Revelle's HL 1438 Thursday 
from 7:3Oto 9 pm. 

Women/ ArtisVFilmmaker, Inc. is a group of professional artists whose 
work has expanded to film. Many of the works utilize video-synthesizers, 
and the' show is composed chiefly of experimental, abstract or norr 
narrative works. 
. The program, whish is being sponsored by the Visual Arts Department, 
is free and open to the public. 

for those interested in the poetry scene, Wednesday the poetry series 
will bring Kathleen Fraser to the Revelle informal lounge at 4 pm for a 
rea!!ing of her recent works. Fraser is a former director of the Poetry 
Center at San Francisco State, and has published a number of collections 
of poetry , among them Cbange of Address and What I Want. 

Also on campus is the UC San Diego collection of 19th and 20th century 
European masters on display at the Mandeville center art gallery 
through November 25. The collection consists of two groups of paintings, 
one on permanent loan to UCSD and the other a gift of an anonymous 
donor. More than 30 paintings by artists such as Monet, Morisot, Pissarro 
and Renoir will be shown. (See review this page.) 

David Antin , professor in the Department of Visual Arts, will deliver a 
lecture entitled "The Value of the Real Thing," in the Mandeville Art 
Gallery at 7:30 pm, Wednesday. Antin chose the site for the lecture so that 
he can use the paintings themselves as illustrations. The lecture is free · 
and open to the public. 

The La Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art will present a series of four 
film programs, collectively titled " The 60s," which explores the change 
from the abstraction of the 1950s into the figurative art of the 1960's. 

On November 10 the first program will feature Jasper Johns and 
Robert Rauschenberg. At the peak of his greatest fame as a painter 
Rauschenberg stopped painting altogether. In this 1966 film he discusses 
his reasons for this and explains where he hopes to go in his art. 

A series of filmed interviews with pop artist Jasper Johns will be in-
terspersed with scenes of the artist at work in his South Carolina studio 
and the lithograph workshop of Tatyana Grossman, Inc. of New York. 

On the theatre scene ... "The Convention," a new play by T. K. 
Blakesley, will open this Thursday at the Crystal Palace Theatre in 
Ocean Beach. Performances are .at 8:30 pm. "Years Ago" by Ruth 
Gordon will be presented by the Alpha Omega Players, 8:30 pm, Fridays 
and Saturdays through Nov. 22 at 1513 TylerSt. 

Strawbs, Gentle Giant 

British Rock Golden Hall 
by Timothy Mackenzie 

Staff Writer 

San Diego was hit by a mini-
British rock invasion last week as 
the Strawbs and Gentle Giant each 
played their unique brand of rock 
at a Golden Hall concert. 

The Strawbs have emerged as 
one of the finer rock acts out of 
Great Britain, while Gentle Giant 
is being touted as the next 
" supergroup'" from the British 
Isles. 

Gentle Giant opened the concert, 
and it was immediately obvious 
that they were even more bizarre 
on stage than their records would 
indica te . Vocalist Derek Shulman 
was constantly in motion, his 
hands fluttering to the sound, while 
guitarist Gary Green looked as if 
he just stepped out of 12th-century 
Britain. 

Their unusual stage presence 
however, was not a cover-up for a 
lack of musical ability. Each 
member of Gentle Giant had ample 
solo time to prove his musical 
skills. Particularly noteworthy 
was an incredible percussion jam 
in which each band member 
played a type of drums, producing 
a unique effect. Bassist Ray 
Shulman demonstrated his ver-
satility with a stint on the violin, 
firing out passages with his bow (a 
la Jimmy Page ) using 36(kiegree 
sound. Kerry Minear dazzled the 

. audience with his lightning-like 
keyboard wizardry. 

Gentle Giant played material off 
of its latest album, " Free Hand," 
and the album " The Power And 
The Glory," including the number 
" Proclamation," one of the 
highlights of their set. A 
distinguishing, possibly disturbing 
factor in the music is its noticeable 
lack of melody. It's nearly im-
possible to hum a few bars of it. 

Stcawbs followed Gentle Giant 
with a more straightforward act. 
They, too, succeeded in proving 
their musical skill quite quickly. 
The lead guitarist for Strawbs 
easily produced the most sparkling 
moments of the set, and must 
surely be among the finest of 
rock 's axemen. The rest of the 
band did not have any in-
strumental solos, leaving the solo 
spotlight to the guitars. 

Strawbs played several selec-
tions from their latest album. 
" Nomadness ," in addition to their 
older material. The music was 
more melodic than the music of 
Gentle Giant, but became tedious 
to listen to at times. The vocals 
lacked quality, resulting in lyrics 
that were indiscernable, but the 
guitar solos were usually frequent 
enough to make one overlook that. 

Indeed, if it hadn't been for the 
guitar solos, the Strawbs set could 
have even have approached 
boredom. 

Orders are now being token for the 
1974·75 CRC Handbook of 
Chemistry ond Physics. Originally 
$30- now $10.45 (postage and 
handling included). Contoct Mary 
Chen 453-9434 or sign up in Argo 
406. Deadline f " r order ond money 
is November 13 

Imporlant rem or der 10 Education 
Abroad applicants for fhe Unoted 

Kingdam - lrp I"n~' ~~I:-~ .~ ........ f ... 
due November 14. Th is d ad!.ne 
muslbe mel. 

Sooring Club Ground School is still 
mandotory. We will m et Tuesday 
a t 7'30 pm on HSS 2150. All persons 
onler sted In 10lnong ore inVited to 
attend No eKp nence necessary. 



Pagel 

men Win Without Bradshaw 
by Paul ~,'a .. er 

StaffWdter 

Page Bradshaw had better 
watch it. 

eight straight serves to put the 
game out of reach. 

Ride tbe MomeDtum 

began to deteriorate. 
Coach MiUenbah said after the 

match, "I was pleased with the 
play of the wcmen, except there 
are a few technicalities I want to ' 
work with. 

"For instance, getting Page to 
show up on time for a match, and 
persuading Margie Schwartz to 

I 
Moaday, November 10, 1875 

Sports Notebook 

bY' Dave E:l.sen 
Sports editor 

Attending to other matters, she 
missed the first game of the UC 
San Diego's women's volleyball 
match against San Diego City 
College Wednesday. Her team-
mates won that game, 1~1. 

Play in the second game was 
more relaxed as the Tritons tried 
to ride the momentum they had 
built up in the first. Shots were 
going into the nets and the Tritons 
weren't talking as much to each 
other as earlier. AB a result, City 
kept the game close until their play 

keep her serves within the boon- '------..... -~--------------~ 
daries of the court." 

TTGame of the Week 
In-the second game, she and the 

team finished sweeping the match 
from City by putting together a 1~7 
win. 

(Triton coach Chuck Millenbab, 
pondering the effectiveness of 
Bradshaw's play, said he wished 
that she could find some other time 
to tend to her appointments. 

Crafty Vermin Show. 
The first game (sans Bradshaw) 

was almost playbook perfect. The 
team utilized good passing, setting 
and spiking in picking SDCC apart. 
Strong and consistent pressure on 
City forced errors on which the 
Tritons were able to capitalize. 

Depth in Puck Romp 

The factor that decided the first 
game's outcome came after a 
sluggish start. With the Triton's 

ah~d ~1, Eva Ljungwe scored on 

by Bob Steiner 
Staff Writer 

The weather couldn't have been 
better. 

Fog was everywhere and the 
temperature dipped below 55 
degrees. 

O You can sometimes control the direction of the ball by where it hits your paddle. If it hits the 
center it will go straight. mB... 
If it hits the right edge, aBI"" ...... 
it will go right, "I 
etc. Flicking the -[&-------
paddle to get a spin -------
might work but -----------; 
is less controlled. ... ......... 

@ Avoid the sharp angle shots since they tend to slow the ball and 
are easy to return. The most ef-

fective angle shots are those that rebound 
closest to your opponent, the deadliest be-
ing the shot that rebounds just as it hits 
his line 
of play. 

1;; '... : ........ 
...... . . ., ... ~ .. , 

... . f "", . 
... , f" . 

........ 1 ... JI'~ ......... , 
I ""4/ 1 ....... 

I " . -. .. . I .......... .II 

Shots down the middle are bor-
ing and slow. However, late in 
the rally after the ball has speed-

ed up, a middle shot ClUJ 
be a killer if used de-
lil erJltely to surprise 
yc,ur opponent. 

A,VD THEN . .. 
PRACTICE 
UP WHERE 
YOU SEE 

Had it beef! a Sunday night in 
Chicago, the players would've 
worn ice skates. This is UC San 
Diego, however, and the motif was 
tennis shoes. 

Men's iDdoor noor hoCkey, the 
Triton Times game of the week, 
had started, between Kirk 
Robinson's Vermin and Jeff 
Thomps~n 's Cabrillo Killers. 

The first quarter started with 
both teams playing tough of-
fensively and defensively. Neither 
team could gain the advantage. 
Roy Mason of the Killers at-
tempted several shots but Vermin 
goalie Paul Wagner expertly 
blocked them. 

Tired and worn out, both teams 
were relieved when the buzzer 
sounded to end the first quarter of 
play, 0-0, in favor of the referees, 
who were calling a fairly tight 
game. 

No Luck 
Second quallter play resumed 

and both teams lashed at each 
other as ball and players flew 
through the air in attempts to score 
goals. Again and again the Vermin 
and the Killers attacked each 
other's goals, but without luck on 
either side. 

In desoeration. Jeff Cannis sped 
by the' Killer defenders and 
charged up the middle with the ball 
bouncing a bout in front of his stick. 

Running into traffic, he smashed 
the ball into the crowd and when 
the dust settled, a goal had been 
s.cored and the quarter ended, 1'(). 

Regrouping their team, the 
Killers changed their lineup, but 
without success for Cabrillo. Their 
inexperienced offense and defense 
failed to gain control of the ball and 
Gordy Akres of the Vermin scored 
against them. 

A teammate quickly followed 
suit. 

Rapidly falling behind, Cabrillo 
once again changed strategy and 
set about to hammer away at the 
Vermin goal, but Killer shots were 
either misfired or blocked. 

Late in the final quarter, Gordy 
Akres took an assist and scored 
again for the Vermin in what 
turned out to be the final goal of the 
game. Playing without sub-
stitutes. the experienced Vermin 
team ended the game 4-0 victors. 

HIGH QUALITY, 
PLAIr~ . PAPER COPIES 

~/&\~ 
7117 lve."" 

454-5589 

A P. E. Major? 
Could non-athletics-oriented UC 

San Diego actually have Its first 
P.E. major? 

Well, not really. Muir 
sophomore Mark Nevelow has 
come up with the closest thing, 
however. As a Muir special 
project, Nevelow has put together 
a sports psychology major. 

Nevelow figures that his new 
major is the most intellectual 
approach that he could take to 
sports, and so far his experiment is 
working out well. With the help of 
faculty adivsors Bob Moss and 
Nolan Penn, Nevelow will finish his 
undergraduate years with a thesis, 
and then work on some behavior 
modification and officiating in 
graduate school. 

The spom-psych .... (n 
Photo: Nathan Meyen) 

Originally an umpire in Bob Moss' program, Nevelow got suggestions 
in both the psychology and sports fields from his tWQ advisors, who helped 
in setting up his four-year curriculum. 

Nevelow wants to find out why most athletes tend to "beat them-
selves." He feels that he can find the way for all sports performers to 
play at full ability , with few mistakes. 

Eventually, "I expect to be hired by a pro team. I could act as an in· 
termediary between the management and players, and help the players 
to play at full potential" ... 

In September, it was good-bye to Harry Bloom. Now, its hi to Mike 
Hipp. Hipp is now the recreation supervisor, with duties including the 
supervision of the major intramural sport each quarter, the referees and 
special events, such as dances and off-campus trips. • 

Hipp did the same type of work at other schools, including San Diego 
State University. The 28-year-old was picked by a long process, that went 
from a search committee to Revelle Dean Ernie Mort and PE Depart-
ment Chairman Howard Hunt... 

There is little doubt that the sports announcers on television are getting 
more incompetent each year. From Howard Cosell to Curt Gowdy, the 
TV men are either boring or not very smart. 

In the Los Angeles Times, John Hall summed it up well last week, 
talking about ABC's Chris Schenkel: "Chris Schenkel, the only, kept 
talking about L.K. Hawn during the USC-Cal telecast. Couldn't locate 
Hawn, Cal's mystery weapon, on the roster. Finally realized Schenkel 
was talking about the town, El Cajon ... Why does TV keep .sending us 
these foreigners?" ... 

Chris Brolaski, Mark Brolaski, Clark Quinn and Fritz Richardson have 
been the names coming out as the most impressive in the UCSD Surf 
Club's interclub contest. Battling for positions on the intercollegiate 
team, which starts action next quarter, the players will continue to 
engage in the interclub contests at Black's Beach ... 

Short Basketball analysis ... UCSD was blistered by Athletes In Action 
last week 109-53 ... So what. It means nothing, really . The reasons: 1) It 
was an exhibition game, very early in the season. 2) More importantly, 
AlA could easily do the same thing to 90% of the colleges in the nation ... 

In the pros ... The Chargers battle the Denver Broncos Sunday at 1 pm, 
in the place they call " The. Stadium" .. .!n 7:30 starting times, the 
Mariners host Cleveland Thursday and Toronto Saturday ... And the Sails 
meet Indiana Wednesday, Julius Erving Friday and David Thompson 
Sunday. The latter two teams are actually called the Nets and the 

uggets, but Erving and Thompson are the attractions. The Sails games 
start at 7: 15 ... 

the 
tSJ:>... Paralegal 

~nstituta 
~201 N_ 16th St.~ Sull.11 

Phoenb .• Az. (602) 277-4871 

Will BE INTERVIEWING GRADUATESON CAMPUS 
. Thursday, November 13, 1975 

INTERVIEW TiMES ARE NOW BEINb SCHEDUlEQ 
University Placeme,,1 Offie. 

~ J J .~I 
, ,.. Headid for northern 

,,' California (or LA . Burbank. Long Beach. 
, .... , Ontario)? Call your campus rep or PSA and 

• - - - - - - -" tell them you w nt to buzz off. PSA gives you 8 11ft 

29t1illeS 
ad.,. 


