
Marcuse, Millet Agree 
On Value of Socialism 

Herbert Marcuse, Mary Wolshok, Pat Allen, and Kate Millet 
[left 10 nghtJ Fn"day at the Revelle cafelena. 

By Charles Heimler 
News Editor 

They both agreed on ocialism' potential for relieving oppression of 
people, but from there the analy I b cam subtlely distinct a the 
night ranged from a statement charging the vent's ponsor with 
commprclalizing the Left, to the plnoff debate of the problem 

as~oCla ted With a embly line work 
Th are femlnl t Kate Mill t and ph I :osopher Herbert Marcuse, 

\.,.ho along With Los Angel oClologlst Pat Allen and UC an 01 go 
hten~lon s Woman Program~ coordinator Mary Wol hok, prOVided a 
<]uadraoral " Dialogue on I pmlnlsm" ~ast rnday In the Revelle 
Cltp tE'rla 

Millet be~an by lauding recent so lali~t writing by people ~uch as 
\~"rLlISP that dealt further With feminism a~ mer£'ly " the womE'n 
probll'm and the development of "fE'mlnlst ~oclalism ' 

Different Source 
How!'lif'r, ~he propo ed that femlnl~m and ~O( lalism emanate trom 

(liffl'rent "ouree , one being the oppre~'iIOn or nch over poor ,lnd the 
other, mille over female, adding feminism presuppose the pnd of 
(Ia'is Iniu~tice which has women , \'\hatever their cla~s or race, a Its 
pOint ot origin . 

Millet ~ald that leading SOCialist th oretlclan~ , all men, have con-
tinually 'iklpped over the oppression of women In their analYSIS The 
oppre~'ilOn of women predates capitalism, she said, and has I ts origins 
In property 

rhe bpglnnlng of property, Millet (ontendf'd, disrupted matrlarchial 
"oclety In which there eXI ted an equilibrium b twpen the sexe~ , and 
gave me to patriarchal oppreSSIon of woml?n as a cia s, property 
and 'ilave 

Millet termed as "remarkably callous" Marcuse' assertion In hi 
I 'iay on r emlnl m last year that temlnl m I historically a produ t of 
atfluent capitalism "We did it ourselves, ' she said referlng to femlnl t 
gains 

She aid that women feel their emlavement " in th ir gut ," claim ing 
that ~ociall t theory concerning women was "insultingly obj ctlve," 
'Ignoring the whole character of oppression by dwelling on the 

e onomic and political "c . d P 5 
ontmue on age 

EhrlicJ:z Says US Must 
'End Its Affluence' 

Ecolol!,Tst Paul Ehrlich at the ThIrd College Scilmce ..lnd 
Technolo1?Y program Fn'day ntght said Amencans must be 
prepared to end Iheir affluence. 

Hel-atd Amencan mu I cut down thetr energy c01lSumpttOtl 
bec;au\e atomIc energy has not proved fea\,tble. The a.uthor of 
"7he PopulatIOn Bomb" added that (f meat coll~umpltOn mllsl 
be curtaded Ja help feed o/her nal/on c Erhltch al. 0 .Idld I/lal 
po/'ulu/ion birlh rall'l ,He dt Crt'",wy, becfJlI I P ople .Tr' hecol/lm more 11 U 'are atJhe /lm/JIcm I () ol'erp(Jp"la/lOl!. . 

lit I/,u~e he/or atl (J~' rj7rJII' 10U 111 1/\ .2250 011 MlIlr 
.011. ,f!.e JUI' (n'('7 Jwo hOllr 

".are the last 
days In "ote in 
the referendum. 

Mou." April 28, 197' 

Referendum May Not Reach 
50 Percent Participation 

by Nancy Hodson 
SUItt Writer 

o pite extensive planning ano 
publicity for the Referendum on 
th Campus Activity ree and 
tudent Cooperative it app ars 

the voter turnout will fall short of 
the requi red 50 perc nt that 
would make the re ults valid and 
binding 

As of rrlday mornl ng , only 1100 
., tud n ts had voted, far short of 
the 50 percent of £>217 tudents 
on campus With only today and 
tomorrow left to vote , and not 
counting rrlday's voters, 2 8 
more votes are needed to make 
the re ults legitimate . 

Slow on Friday 
Election Board Chairperson, 

Barbara Mets said the voting was 
very slow on Friday . he said 
pra tically no one voted aft r 3 
pm 

Regulation s establi hed by th 
UC Regent have determined that 
50 per cent of a tudent body 
must vote if th re ults of any 
electIOn are to us d 

Inety percent of thp votes 
have been ca. t at the MUIr and 
Rpvclle polling stattOn~ hght 
l)Preent of the votprs cast th('lr 
bdllots In front of tht' gym while 
only two percent helve ca.,t thplr 

votl'~ at the ,'\~atthew\ campus 
'itdtlon . 

I\I1ptz ,ay., thPrl' have been no 
meljor ballot fraud or duplication 
probl'ms at the four polling 
places The only (Ompllcatlons 
hav bepn the .lbsence 01 
\tudent., ' names on It,t<; due to tl 
Regl tar'serror In one (d~(, tl 

'itudent had (hanged h,~ namp 
and there was no record 01 it 

If there I not 50 percent 

turnout the Election Board will 
meet In p c ial e si on Wed-
nesday With George Murphy, 
Vice-chancellor and 0 an of 
Student Affairs The board would 
dl<;cuss their recommendation 
f or the ac tl on they be I ieve to be 
appropnat, and also would 
(>xamine the voti ng breakdown 

Thursday'S Meeting 

In 

pro-coop forces had not Violated 
any Cod r qUirements when it 
distnbuted Iiteratur using a 
Unlver Ity postage meter because 
funds had be n placed th 
Stud flt Organization ac-
counta nt 's hands until a final tally 
could be made of their ex-
penditures 

Murphy will revlPw the findings 
of the Board before It convenes 
agal n today at 5 pm 

At todav's meeting th Board 
will diSCUSS a vlQlatlon of th 
VA us of " Stud nts tor 

Voluntary r ee, rather than 

The 1'01i11g at thzs Muir polling stalion was healier at Ihe gym 
or al the BookJlule. Ii/molll fur the spnng re/erendr.Tf1 is still jar 
.lhorl of the necessary 50 percefll, 
had \ lolated numerous pO~ltlon" 
ot thp Ilpction code hv po~tlng 
Iiteratun' InLinauthonledar€'a~ on 
campm, pO'i ing Iitpratlire too 
large tor thC' (odC' sr>C'\lhultion~, 
cl nd dl~t~lbutlng mi\lt'adlng and 
Indceudatl' IitC'rature The VA 
had hepn cen'iurpd by the Board 
11Ie'idav for otht'r Violations 

1 he HOelrd abo decided that 

'Studl'nh tor Voluntary Action," 
In ~ome rC'cent campaign 
literature. ,\1etl ~('e\ the Violation 
as a technical onp and not a 
'>enous mdtter 

The polls are open trom 9 to 5 
pm today and tomorrow. Ballots 
will be counted Tuesday evening, 
with results available that night. 

Rothbard: Government 'Super Mafia' 
by Wade Chandler 

Speclel Reporter 

" A uper, super mafia ." 
That was how Murray Rothbard 

characteriz d government In 
general when h poke h r 
Thur day afternoon Th noted 
author, lecturer and editor ad-
dre ed an audience ot about 35 
persons In the Humanltie Library 
AuditOrium . Rothbard IS a 
profes or of economic at 
Brooklyn Polytechnl In stitute 
and a leading pokesman for the 
lib nanan movement 

Rothbard r ferr d to the 
I ederal government as " the 
warfare-welfare state " He said 
that the main distinction between 
con\ervatlves and IlbNcll~ Wcl~ 
only ,I dlfferpnt emphd~I' the 
(omervatlves want more wart art', 
clnd the lib rab want morl' 
wt'lfare "The dtftC'rpnce betv'\('en 
(On'it>fvatlves and libl?rais 1\ 
largely only rh tom ,' he (om 
nwnted 

Cracking Up on Every Front 
B 'forp pres ntll1g thl' liber-

tarian alt rnatlvt' , Rothbard 
~ought to dl., .redlt both 

~o(lalism dnd m('rl an 
Pluralism, lurnln' flr"t to tne 
AnWII(dn 'ystl'm hl' '>dld that It 
WdS built up b d lib ral 
(on'iel Veltlve (on,('n~u~ Iwgln-
nll1' \\Ith the .ldmll1l trdllon ot 
I'rl' Id"nt I I) Koowv ,It Koth 
b trd .tr!;lIl d th,lt thl' \\"tt'1lJ " 
, r.\I kin 1 up on ('vpr\ Irol1t," cll1d 
(Ited tilt' (olltlp~e Of ' (olt'lgn 
poit( \' tl1l' elt' tru tlOn t I II 

right as eVidenced by Wa tergate, 
and the dismal failure of Hort to 
" fi ne-tune" th economy 

An Au~tnan-s(hool economist, 
Rothbard criticized Keyne ian 
economic and It nearly 
universal acceptance, aylng, 
" The busine s cycle cour e have 
all been abolish d, they decided 
that the busl ne s cycle was 
obsolet " He noted that now that 
the Inability of the government to 
ei lininate busln ss cycles IS 
pVldent, there are very few 
economist'> qUipped to deal With 
the situation 

Regarding ~o lillism, Rothbard 
recalled thilt H) ypaf'i ago 
'\nwncan 'iot:lalisb u~ed to argue 
that ther IU'i t ... '\anll'd thl' rest 01 
the t'Conomv 10 bp run like the 
PO'it Oillee Obwrvll1g that no 
one ha~ advanc'd thilt .lrgument 
reCt'ntiy, he characterll€'d thC' 
(hroni( problem~ of the Postal 
)('rvlc(' .I, the :nevltabl re ult of 
d gO\,ernmpnt monopoly' Con-
(Nnlng 'iOC lill"m abro.1d, Roth 
bMd lelt that thl? mo~t damaging 
( ntiu~m \Va the continuing 
trend In many oc iallst countne 
toward a tree-market Oriented 

'\10 person or 'roup of per ons 
may agress against the per on or 
property of another" That IS h0w 
Rothbard ,tated the libertarian 

redo nollng that it was easily 
'itated but not 0 easily expanded 
to a fully-developed OCIO-
economiC yst m He admitted 
that there was much 
disagrepment over interpretation 
Within the libertanan movement, 
but said that all libertanan want 
the s ope ot government reduced 
wherever pos ible 

Government Theft 
(cording to Rothbard , 

Ilbertaridm l'spt'Claliy want to 
"l,ll mlnatp the government 

compul~or\' monopoly" ... "herever 
It p,i,h T hl'\' dl'io "'feel that 
taxation I~ gO\t'rnment theft, 
\\clrtart' I~ gO\ ('rnml'n t ma~s 
murder , nd lon\cription i 
government ,I.lvt'ry 

Rpgardlng the t u turt' of the 
libertarian 1ll0\l'ment, Rothbard 
wa~ optlmistl( about continued 
rapid growth In tl1<' year ahead 
H!' said that thN(' would be an 
intpn'ilv{ tdmptllgn for the 
Pn:''Ild nc" In 1976 H believed 
the libert< rtan~ wOlJlrl not Win, 

or.tinued on Page 5 

" 



Page 2 Triton Times April 28, 1975 
r:=====----------------------------.---.---_. 

Edward E. Simons James G. Soto 
Managing editor Cltv Editor 

Charle Heimier Mark Woelber 
New. Ed,.., Busln_ .. maneger 

The Triton Times is officially recognized ~s campus newspaper 
by the ComJlluniQtions Board of .ucSO. Unsigned editorials 
re~res~nt the views of the majority of the six members of the 
editorial boar, and not the views of the University, Ihe Comm 
Board, or the stu "t dy. 

Need for Fairness 
The campus referendum has been moving along at a steady if 

laborious pace . Students have been turning out to vote, but at a 
slower rate than is needed to make the referendum legitimate. 
However the voting rate is not so slow as to make it impossible 
today and tomorrow to round up enough of the body politic to give 
some credence if not legitimacy to the results . 

Despite the relarive calm of the proceedings, however, there 
have been some disturbing rumbling in the campaign itself. 
Fortunately, these developments have had little to do with the 
issues and will likely not affect the outcome of the election. But 
they do serve to remind us that not all of the protaganist in this 
drama have reached the level of maturity that is expected of them. 

An Election Board was established to oversee the procedure of 
the referendum and its campaign. Represenrarives from each 
college were chosen with the hope that the Board would be able to 
build some sound foundation of efficiency and fair play . Though 
the Board has shown a fair degree of compentency in handling the 
day to day operations of the referendum, when it has attempted to 
adjudicate the numerous and pointless complaims of both the 
Student Cooperative and the Students for Voluntary Action (SV A) 
it has often appeared that the Board ha not done its upmost to be 
fair and impartial. 

A recent meetin~ of the Board saw the following incidents: the 
Muir representatvle admitted he had torn down a campaign 
poster; many Board members were often seen snickering and 
giggling in a manner hl~hly inappropriate to [heir dune as 
upholders of the "sacred' Election code; and the Board more 
often than nOt appeared to be harrassing one of the Referendum 
factions to benefit the other. 

Despite the Board's rhetoric about campaigning ethics, it has 
often neglected its duties of pursuing a rigorous accounting of 
campaign expenditures. Some valid q,uestions have been asked 
about the finances of the SV A campaign, which many complain 
seems to have a rather ample bankrole.The same question should 
also be asked of the Coop 's campaining expenditures. There is the 

qu~stio~ of the Coop's vlolaci<;m of the Election Board rule on using 
UnIversity money for campaign expenses. Coop supponers sent 
letters to the various camJ;lUs organizations using a University 
postage meter without haVIng first paid specifically for its use . 
Though t~e Coop says it had money in its fund to pay for such 
postage, It would seem far more appropriate for any organization 
to pay for all its expenses in advance . Why this hasn't been en· 
forced is still a major question that must be answered. 

Yet the Election Board ignores these difficult questions and 
entenains petty complaints about the size of posters and their 
location (a fruitless task in that the campus is covered with reams 
of paper advocating every possible product or position) . The Board 
has also seen fit to supervise the nebulous 'factual' validity of 
campaign literature, an effon that could be interpreted as a move 
to cunai] the First Amendment Rights of individual s and 
organizations. 

We can only urge the Board, then, to study its own motives and 
values. Should the Election Board attempt to enforce the truth , 
especially when the truth is the subject of p'erpetual debate (one 
man 's truth , especially when the truth wIll always be another 
heresy)? We hope that the Board emphasizes its primary duties of 
directing the operation of the election and lets the clalms of the 
SVA and Coop supponers fall by the wayside. Only then can the 
student, the SV A, and the Coop be assured of an open election, 
free from the dangerous intervention of a body that can never be 
fair and open minded. 

Shorts Without Comment 

JA ARTA-About half of the 69 million women in 
Indcnesia are illiterate, and only 0.7 percent of the 
country's university students are women, the In-
dont!slan Women's Congress reported Wednesday. 

••• 

~EW YORK-People who work at Ute,,,, need 
fewer calories than those who work with their 
mus. :les . Thinking and sitting take no more calories 
than sitting . 

Tha Triton Tim .. , publilhed bv the Communlcatlono Boord of UCSD. IPo .. r. 
on Mondav., Wedne.day. and Friday. du,lng the regula, .chool ve .. le~caot on 
official holiday.). Editorial Ind bu.lne .. office •• re located In 117 Bleke Hell on 
tha Ravelle Collage camou •. Leners to the Editor are w.lcome, and .hould be 
typad on e II&-,ple. line on noncorrilibl. pap ... Lene ... hould be conel.e, end 
the Triton Time ..... rv .. the right to edit ,ubmiulonl beeeu .. of .pace 
IImltatlonl Or .tyle .equlr.mentl. 

For editorial. call 462·3468, for bUlln ... and .d".rtillmlnll. call 0162·3<1418. 

Letters to the Editor 

Pacifist Discusses Fall of Saigon 
I am writing this in an effort to 

solve one of the divine mysteries 
of our time--Vietnam I will try to 
c;..anl ine the facts and from these 
facts formulate ideas, ideas from 
which diSCUSSion can ensue rlrst, 
I wililOtroduce my elf, so people 
will know where my Ideas come 
from 

I am a Christidn , peciflcally a 
Roman Catholic. Thl\ i th major 
IOfluence on my political Ideas . 
Because of my beliefs, I hold 
human life to be the highest value 
of mankind, I am a pacifist My 
high regard for life has led me to 
become d SOCial democrat. I t is 
also the main reason for my 
abhorance of Communism. 

The Saigon regime is about to 
collapse. According to one side, it 
is falling According to the other 
side, it is being liberated . But, I 
ask, will there be any real change? 
For the common populace, will 
there be any difference? 

Certainly the large Buddlst and 
Catholi c majority will lose their 
freedom of religion . Many church 
and political leaders will be 
executed, a slight abridgement of 
their civil liberties Howevt!r , this 
IS not an occurrence specific only 
to the Hanoi regim ; Saigon has 
also be n known to do this . 
However, Civil liberty IS a luxury 
of the rich The p asant is u ually 

more concerned with food than 
with freedom Thf'se people will 
undoubtedly live better under the 
HanOI rrglme 

So, when Saigon falls, there will 
not be much change for the 
peasant, the person we hould be 
mo t concerned with . 

The largest difference will be 
the lack of bloodshed and 
knowledge that a bomb from one 
of the sides will never come 
ripping through the roof of the 
hou- ~ and carry the family away 
with It 

The major effect will be solely 
political It will not ffect the 
Vletnampsp peasant, rather, It 

Heterosexual Congratulates GSA 
As a heterosexual, I would like to congratu late the Gay Students 

Association on their recent efforts to solid ify and offer services to the 
rather inconspicuous gay community here at UCSD. 

I hope all gay students will take advantage of the services offered by 
the GSA, if only to set an example for the "straights ." Perhaps the GSA 
will be the spearhead to dispell the sickeningly prevalent apathy on 
campus . 

Keep up the good work GSA. 
. rOM HAMILTON 

Mandeville Hall Is Not 
For Traditio-nal. Uses 

Although it is understa ndable, the continui ng adverse com-
mentary on UCS D's new Mandeville auditorium is short sighted and 
ill informed . 

One could assume that this hall's purpose was to follow in an 
historic line, to fulfill the same sorts of purposes that concert halls 
in the West have over the past severa l hundred years . Even if this 
were the case, it is evide nt that a vastly e nlarged budget would still 
not have insured fine acoustical balance ini tially. One need only 
consider the Chandl er auditorium in Los Angeles and Lincoln Center 
in New York, each with a bud.&et on order of magnitude greater than 
that of the Mandeville auditorium . Thus, even the pursuit of a 
traditional goal, with the support of literally thousands of models 

, and ample fi nancing, is and uncertain quest, frequently 
necessitating adjustments . The expectation of immediate and ideal 
balan ce is, then understandable but by no means realistic . This is 
not a defense of e ngineering consultants, but a matter of practical 
fact. 

The case with the Mandeville Center, however, is not the pursuit 
of a traditional hall for traditional purposes. UCSD houses three 
explorative departments in the arts . Although they are , of course, 
aware of their responsibility to tradition, they are no less aware of 
the importance of foreseeJng and exploring the future implications 
of public and private art. 

The aim in the case of the Mandeville Center auditorium was to 
avoid the fundame nta l restraints-the phYSical and psychological 
constrictions- that a traditional configuration unaVOidably imposes . 
There are, c learly, serious probl ms with the audi to rium space (and 
with the classrooms and offices, one might add ) Some of these, 
such as airflow, ideal configuration and acoustic balanCing can, of 
cours ,be dealt With and efforts are now officially underway to do 
this Others may require more resources or eventua I compromise 

The pOint not 10 b missed IS that we hav begun With the 
II xibihty that IS ssential to the exp loratlv purpo of UCSD's arts 
departments Let u~ stop confUSing errors In programming With 
('[rors 10 con ept and aVOid ludgments on lOapproprlate bas s. 

ROGlR REYNULDS 
PROFl:SSOR OF MUSJC 

will effect the world power. The 
conservative Americans wll I use It 
to juHity the domino theory lht> 
communslts will use It to support 

their c laim that caoitalism nlll,t 
fall . And there will probably be 
another war soon . 

I ay, let us learn from this Let 
both Ide, put down theil 
weapons of war These can bl' 
much better replaced by 
machlnf'S of p ace Let u, put 
aSidE' our differencps, and from 
there build a world free from 
th(' evil, of communi~m and 
capitalism 

DA IEL SCHAWLER 

Tale of 
Deranged 
Spaceman 

Have you ever walked out to 
the meadow through the trail that 
leads to the c Ii ffs over Black's 
Beach 10 an effort to check out 
the wave ? Well don 't do so in the 
future . A couple of weeks ago I 
did just that, and upon returning 
to my car was confronted with a 
man who to ld me I could pay him 
$25 now, or $25 to the tow truck 
later Th re was another urfer 
wi th his car there, too, so I asked 
the man what he was talking 
about. He told me that it was 
illegal to park there because it 
b locked his driveway. I wa n't 
blocking his driveway, but it was 
ill ga I to park there a I soon 
found out. 

The man asked me for $25 
agai n, so I told him to forget it 
because he was acting I ike a 
complete asshole. Just then the 
othe r surfer s tarted h is car and 
tried to take off. Upon seeing thi s 
the man grabbed one of the surf 
racks on his car and ripped it off , 
incl ud ing the surfboard that was 
attatched to It. Then he threw the 
board on the ground and tried to . 
smash it. This really damaged the 
other surfer's car and board , so 
fearing for my life and my car 's I 
headed for my car . The man tried 
to grab me, but I locked myself in 
the car and took off. He got a 
hold on my rear view and ripped 
Itoff, though. severely sc ratch-. 
109 my beautiful 1964 Dodge 
Pol am In the process . 

A, ,\ wdrnlng to you, don ' t park 
thf'rf' ,Iny morf' ThE' guy thdt 
owm the' hou'> next to it 1\ ~ 
cil'ranged "pM ('man ,.lnd 1\ "abl 
to ""I you l 

DOUGMOON~Y 

April 28, 1975 Triton Times Page 3 
------------------------------------------_._._-

Seb Nielson 

Bushness; Institutional vs. Institutionalized Racism 
Bush . UCSD is so muc h a joint, a bastIOn of bush . of IBM and they were the board of directors . They see 

the function of a newspaper to be a propaganda ex-
tension of themselves . 

black man being "investigated." 
Bush is short of bushwaa, which is derived from, but not 
Identical to, bourgeOis. Socially and politically, UCSD is 
characterized by its trait of bush ness . Allhough I feel 
like it, I won' t say it i educationally bush as well. After 
all, the bus hness of its edur.a.tion i~ no more remarkab.le 
here than anywhere else. 

For example, I've been told that certain persons 
affiliated with the Political Science D aprtment were 
upset by my using the word "exfjloitation" to describe 
the ef fe ct of the means used to appoint the new boss of 
the Communications Program I suppose I could have 
used the word "i mperialism ," but that implies a level of 
se lf awareness that I'm not sure they have. But. the 
point is their mode of expressing their umbrage. Rather 
than writing an article or Letter to the Editor to clarify 
any inaCC. lrate facts or articulate their point of view, 
they w~i~per intimidation along ear to private ear 

Since the charge is publIC, how dare the investigators 
not make the details publ ic? After all , what exactly is 
sexual misconduct today? I can understand objecting, 
for hygenic reasons, to bringing sh ep IrltO the dorms, 
but short of rape. what is misconduct between con-
enting adults? Bush . 

As Third Co llege Reporter for 
the Triton Times, I hould point 
out that my perspective c ritica ll y 
IOcludes both looking at and 
looking from Third CD ll ege. Also, 
I would like to make perfectly 
clea r that my perspective is my 
own, especia lly evident when I 
u e words like I or me. However, 
when there are quotes around "I", 
it IS accurate to assume that I am 
representi ng the perspec tives of 
others 

Nielson 

Another example of closet racism is that a Significant 
portion of the hostility towards Third College is 
alleg dly a backlash response to what is seen as racist 
attitudes within Third College . There IS some validity to 
thiS c harge There are certainly and obviously real 
Insta nces, though isolated, of this reverse racism Within 
Third College. 

As Alfred J would say, "Then how should I begin, and 
how should I presume?" First, I made those last couple 
of points in respon e to reaction from the last article I 
wrote here. I s hould pOint out that my last article was 
censured by administration and my editors because' it 
was, as they ay in drawing rooms. too politically 
,en itive 0 It wa , more or less , not precisely what I 
wrote, which do s no mean I appologize for anything 
In It 

And I very much understand the spelling of in -
timidation. Intimidation is when I have to guarantee the 
anonymity of the ources for my article because they 
authentically fear retaliation in terms of job or grades I 
find that incredible on a campus of th University of 
California , but it has been said I am sometimes naive . 
Regardless, it is true . I've had to promise not to identify 
the sources of at least three interviews so far Especially 
astonishing because these people merely expressed 
their analysis concern ing things like the Third College 
focused politi ca l situation or the style of racism at 
UCSD . 

Yes , there i racism within the redwood and concrete 
of UCSD, but nobody wants to bring it out An example 
is the IntpntlOnal confu~lon between "Institutional" 
racism and" ln tilutionallzed" racism . Of course UCSD i 
not a raci t Institution . the Ku Klux Klan IS a racist 
Institution People prefer to be accused of Institutional 
ra Ism becau It 0 easy to dl miss Not so easy to 
dismiSS I~ the chargp of IOstltutlonallzed racism As 
eV idenced by the Cleo Malone matter . Do you thlOk it 
Simpl e coinC idence that a black man IS being " 10-
vestlgated " for exual "misconduct?" Every aware 
per on on thiS lampus knows flagrant Instance~ of 
sexual relation b tween faculty and student, only It IS a 

However , in thiS peculiar institution, the essential 
factor IS that nobody wants to discuss, deal with, or 
expose the racism .. publicly A clear su pport for thiS 
situation in the current protest gesture against racism in 
Boston I n't that nice? Personally, there IS a bit of 
racism in Rhode Islandl'd like to ban As well as some in 
Germany, Ethiopia, and central Texas . But why focus on 
accumulating radical chic points? Again, it IS the bush 
glass house thing There is no need for Boston to protest 
racism or sexism . UCSD is filthy With it and that is an 
Issue to exami ne 

What I t comes down to is the bush power the halo 
effect has at UCSD The halo effect IS most often used to 
deSCribe a seiling situation A salesman, for example, 
will try to discover a mark's speCial Interest , like sports 
Then the salesman will appear an expert on sport The 
mark will then figure a sports expert has to be trust-
worthy and wll I buy the salesman 's product . even If It i 
a hou,e Without a roof In the same way. how can 
,my thing that looks as good as UCSD have anything 
serious wrong with Itl The 10IOt looks like a marvelously 
mellow country club, SCriPPS IS world famous , and one 
needs eVidence of bralO to attend So the sellers of 
UCSD v\ III ~acrlf Ice the product to preserve the Image of 

ow, my editors I can understand, without agreeing 
\\ Ith thrm, because they believe they were exerciSing 
what they cons ider. their editorial prerogatives But the 
dppa rent attltud of certain administration, faculty, and 
students, I find difficult to understand That IS, th y 
,eem to expect this newspaper to restrict Itself to ex-
pressing, With all due respect , the official party line. 
Thpy rplatp to a nf'wspaper as If It were the house organ 

Legitimacy of UCSD Women's Studies 
\ 

by Connie leung-Mills 
uesD Women', Center 

Until recently, when learning about Issues 
concerning women in our society, students (female 
and male) have generally accepted what has too 
often b en a constralOlng and limited image of 
women This often derogatory image of women is 
(ommonlya re ult of our culture' id ological bidS 
ThiS bla~ serves to perrwtuate the assumption that 
the Important aspe ts of our ociety/ culture are a 
rp>ult of the interests and activities of men , whereas 
the I nterests and actiVities of women are relatively 
IOvisible and unimportant. 

However, th se old a sumptions now seem 
quP tlonable a the culture's Ideological bias 
become more apparent to those who have been 
Ignored and slighted in the process In order to 
unders tand the source of that bias and challenge 
our preconceived ideas concerning "women 's 
place, " there eXIsts the need for new perspectives . 
rhe re ult has b en the development of women 's 
, tudies programs across college and univerSity 
l.l mpUSes nationwide . 

Women's tudies IS the attempt from an 
<1cddemlc Viewpoint to raise and heighten con-
>c lousness about women by researching, 
pxamlnlng, and challenging the basic assumptions 
abo ut women that have pervaded our 
culture/ ociety , as w II a other hi torical and 
I ultural situation . Women 's tudies presents 
reasons for women 's exclusion and secondary status 
In ~oclety, and thus provides a compensatory 
educa tion for women . and men. This tlmulates 
resea rch dealing With the rediscovery and rein-
terpretation of the hi tory, cu lture , lifestyles, ac-
complishments and concerns of women . Women 's 

Support TT 
Ad vertise.·s 

The Magic of Greece 
68 Dal'S 

FROM WEST COAST 
TUTAlPRICE $1295 
oeparture 
8 Dav. 
20 Uey. 
20 Dev. 
20 OIlV. 

June 
Athen~ 
Rhod • • 
Mykon:>A 
Cr.te 

The Travel Agents 
'410 W.stwood Blvd. 

Suit. 202 
LOt An ...... C • . 10024 

411-Il00 1171-... 

tudles thus· cha llenges time-worn stereotyped sex-
roles by propo 109 alternative ways of looking at 
women (a nd perhaps also men) and prospects for 
changing the g n ral status of women in our 
,oclety . 

Within the vast assortment of courses ever of-
fered in thp academic history at UCSD, there have 
eXisted only 9 cour es specifically concerni ng 
women . Of the e 9, two were lower diviSion courses 
taught by students, one was a senior eminar, thus 
leaVing only 6 e tabllsh d upper diVISion courses 
Thus, the development of women's studies at UCSD 
until this POlOt, can hardly be considered a eriou 
attempt by this university . 

Women's studies as an establbhed unlvprslty 
program, unlike indiVidual course concerning the 
topic of women, is able to work as a political unit, 
re ulting from its official recognition by the 
univers ity as a legitimate academic area of study 
and research Women's studies does not attempt to 
promote separatism, but instead attempts to extend 
th oncept of women 's studie throughout thp 
univerSity through an established network of 
d partmental courses, which then become an 
Integral part of the educational y tem of the 
university . 

I t IS therefore time for thiS university to establish 
women 's studies as a legitimate univerSity-wide 
program for the purpos of studying the changing 
role of women In this society. The university must 
make a commi tment to recognize its ability to act 
a a c hange element within th society to challenge 
and e liminate the widespread sexist assumptions 
that exist, and to correct the ideological bias that 
pervades I ts curric ulum . 

Continued on Page 5 

M ore Letters 

Student Hits SED Policy 
I \'IIould like to make a quick comment concerning one of the 

poliCies of the Student Employment Office. 
when a student IS able to find employment on campus by uSing hiS 

own initiative, the department that hires him IS obliged to post a Job 
offeri ng in the employment office in order that all students get "a fair 
crack at the job " ThiS ineVitably leads to scores of students applying 
for d Job that has already been filled. although unoffiCially so, and 
consequently to disapPOintment and hundreds of wasted man hours . 

I therefore would like to uggest that the employment office 
discontinue this totally ridiculous policy and concentrate more on 
getting student lobs that are not already fdled I can ee no reason for 
the eXistence of this policy. tor I am sure it has never gotten em-
ployment for a student 10 thiS situation 

E. BEUTI FR 

Reviewer Should Know His Stuff 
The next limE' you send 

,om('onp to rf'vipw a concert, 
111<1"<> ,ur(' the guy ~now~ \~ hat 
Ill' ~ Wrltlnl; about In hl~ article. 
(1 r April 15) Mark Woelber madp 

numb('rou~ error~ In reviewing 
Cordon Llghttoot What WoelbPr 
('<IIII'd "Come on Pearl ," '" 'Bend 
In tht, Water ," "Birds of d 
r eath 'r ' " the 'Watchman 's 
Gunt' Gordon Lighttoot 's back· 

up conmted of Rick Haynes, 
Terry Clement, and Pee-wee 
Charles HIS f'ncore wa, 

B<>autlful. " 

I think It", awtul that som one 
review 109 a concert doesn 't know 

hl~ subject Pe rhaps you should 
look tor a new mU~lc c ritiC 

A IRA H GORDON 
LIGHTrOOT r A 

The cookbook for the 
world we're living In 

Now in a brand-new, 
completely revised 
& updated edition! 
Economical, nutritious, 
delicious-the basic 
guide to high protein 
meatless cooking. How 
to combine plentiful 
non·meat foods to pro· 
duce the high·grade pro· 
tein in meat; everyday 
and party recipes; cook· 
ing ;'nd shopping tips; 
how to get the most pro· 
tein l or the least cost 
and calories. illustra-
tions, charts, index. 
A IIIiIIiett eltlrifl soli-
"it makes all other 
cookbooks obsolete" 
Only $1.95 wherever 
paperbacks are sold 
(ill) BALLANTINE BOOKS 



Page 4 

W'ipe 
With 
This by Charles Heim ler 

1 

Charles Heimler, who today joins the ranks of the Tn/on Times ' 
rotating columnists, is also the news editor. 

It was amazing . After wondering all day where I was going to get six 
dollars to rent a snake, I just shoved the backyard hose into it, turned 
on the spicket, and it unclogged. All the toilet paper left by the last 
person drifted Qown the hole, leaving only the smell of three weeks ' 
decay in the now restored toi let. 

We had several theories explainin~ the backing up. Tony thought 
some girl dropped her tampon in it the night of the party, but I thought 
sOmebody was tossing facial tissues in there after using them to dry up 
pinched blackheads . Anyway, the toilet stayed clogged because we 
were too lazy to fix it and really enjoyed pissing in the backyard . I 
finally decided to rent a snake the first day of school , infused with 
some energetic inspiration emanating from the joy of attending new 
classes. Also, some pe6ple with bad kidneys were coming over that 
night and I feared there wouldn 't be enough dry ground left in the 
backyard after they were through . 

When it was broken , the three of us, Rich, Tony and myself, would 
use the toilet adjoining the other two's room--the master bedroom . 
That was cool for the first week, but halfway into the second Alan 
started getting uneasy when one of us walked through the bedroom 
enroute . In the rear of his mind he must've had to hold back , or else 
make it a fast one . He became irritable and couldn't sit still . 

"Could you please not come throught the bedroom when the door's 
closed," Alan finally insisted . 

"Sure," we agreed : So we began rolling up wads of toilet paper to 
take in the backyard, whi ch was fine when the sun shined but muddy 
in the rain . About Richard and Tony I don't know, but when it rained I 
stopped using the yard . 

Because : the morning of the first rainy day I hurried to the master 
. bedroom . The door was closed . I remembered \Ian . I turned around 
and paced the front room awhile, looking out the window for clearing 
in the west, then forgot until late afternoon woen I got a headache . I 
had the headache for three days until the rain stopped . The I went 
outside. The headache went away . 

For the next week and a half every morning I spent about three 
minutes squatting looking down between my legs. Not that there wa~ 
anything there to look at, but it was easier keeping my balance with my 
head bent forward.Once, after about the fi rst minute, I tried to look at 
the sky, wh ich was cloudless, when I began teetering in a vertigo sense 
of imbalance. I recovered, but not without experiencing a horrific 
vision of falling backward . For the remaining two minutes I kept my 
head down, resuming that safe posi tion every morn ing . Vou know, the 
sky is sometimes beautiful , but dirty pants are always, at least, sti nky . 

Several mornings somebody'd be reading in the backyard, so I had to 
miss my session . On those days I couldn't in all conscience deny 
people's assertion that I was " full of shit. " 

The quarter break arrived, so I went to SF . At the YMCA, the toi let 
was down the hall, but it worked . By that time my haunches had 
developed endurance. I was no longer tired by a ten minute sit . I read 
alot of Herb Caen at the Y. 

Finally, I got back from up north . The toilet was sti ll broken , since 
like me all the house buddies had split for the week. I ca lled up the 
rental yard, opting for a snake over a plunger, a decision which was 
never, as has been related , fully implemented. 

Triton Times Apri12~, 1975 

Deadline May 30 -

Thesis, Dissertation Grants Available 
A limited number of theSIS and 

dissertation research grants will 
ilgain be available to registered 
graduate students during 1975-76 . 

Small grants to a maximum 01 
$300 may be awarded to in-
dividual students for purchase of 
minor capital equipment, ex-
pendable materials and supplies, 
photoreproduction of research 
materials, transcription of tape 
recordings, and transportation 
exren e. Funds are not available 
for computing time, thesis or 
dissertation typing, or subsistence 
while traveling . 

No Other Funding 
The e grants are designed to 

assist students who have no other 
source of funds for their 
di ssertation research or thesis 
projects. Only one grant will be 
available to a student during his 
or her career, but the tenure of an 
award may be up to one calendar 
year . 

Applications will be accepted 
from registered graduate students 
who have been or wi II have been 
advanced to candidacy for the 
PhD prior to January 5, 1976 or 
who have or will have completed 
a minimum of three quarters of 
full -time study leading to the 
MF A by the end of the fall 
quarter. next year . 

Application forms are available 
in the department offices . A 
student should complete one of 
the application forms and give it 
to his or her dissertation advisor, 

~---------- .. I I I CI NEMEDIA VI I 
I Student Film I 
I Competit ion I 
I 1st prize- $1,000 I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Entry forms available now 
at your local Broadway store. 

Entry deadline - . 
June 20, 1975 

I Winnlf"lg f~m. to be 
I shown In The 8roadway', Film Festival I -=BROADWAY 
I 

~------____ l 

who will write an evaluation of 
the student's thesis or di ssertation 
project The application and 
evaluation will then be given to 
the department chairman who 
will rank all application in his or 

her departmpnt In order of 
priority 

Appli cation s must be sub-
mitted by May 30. Further details 
are available at the Office of 
Graduate Studies and Research . 

Coop to Discuss USIU 
Law School, Carpools 

Carpooling, the Hastings Law School's aquisition of the USIU Law 
School , and State Senator Ralph Dills-( D-Los Angeles) bill for collective 
bargaining are among the items of busi ness on tonight 's Student 
Cooperative agenda . 

Larry O'Donnell will ask the Coop for an endor ement of carpooling 
suggestions that have been compiled . 

Investments 

The Coop's rcprE'sentative to the Student Body President's Council , 
Karen Steen tofte, will discuss the Hastings Law School 's proposed 
aquisi tion of the USI U Law School in San Diego. 

Steentofte will also report on the University of California's in-
vestments . 

Senator Dills' bill on collective bargaining, one of the many now 
being considered, will be discussed later in the evening by Steen tofte. 

The Coop will convene thiS evening at 6 :30 in the student center's 
main conference room . ' 

1975 

om 
~LAKtiS 

Session I 
JlU1e 10 thru 30 For Informatioll , write: 

Session J[ CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE 
J uly I thru 21 Office of Continuing Education 

9001 Stockdale Highway 
Enrollment Limited BAKERSFIELD, California 93309 

State 
Mutual 
~yjJlQ!. 

PAULA NEWMA N, MA NAGER 

5661 La Jolla Boulevard 
459-2654 

A Friendly' Place To Sav~ ~';.a;;., =~"'::.. 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

(PSA~."""'ds). 

The unoffiCial 
state blld , PSA , has 
morc flights connectlrg 
northern and southern C111-
lornla than any other airline 

PIA . 

I 
Fly With uz for 

B song to eleven cilies 
Want tocfl tch a PSAGnnnlng 
bird? Thai s easy JuSI catch 
UP v.l th your c arlpus re p 

a I Nt. 

April 28, 1975 Triton Times Page5/ 
Organ ization Notes 

VI S Sponsors Folk Dancing Marcuse Ilnd Millet. • • Continued from Page 1 
Mil let urged the contll1Uat!On 

of a femini,t socialist perspective, 
but added that such effort~ need 
to be autonomous from any 
p, tab"~hed ~o la list .group or 
party because those groups are, 
bv nature, in the servi e of male 

~ ocia ll sm 
But, " let us be companions, 

hell, comrades," she concluded . 
Marcuse, in his turn , Insis ted 

that th " ultimate aims of 
women 's liberation can only be 
obtai ned in a ocialism which IS 
very different from that now in 
theory and practice." 

Marcuse admitted two areas of 
potential antagonism betwe~n 
la te Marxian theory and femlnl t 
\oc ialism The fir t area of an-
tagonism is that the PraxIs of class 
~ t ruggle denies women as objects 
of change, The second is late 
MarXian theory in which on-
ception of the development of 
produc tive fo rces defin.es 
priorities not neccessarily 
conducive to women. 

Much of Marcuse's talk was a 
re-formu lation of last year's essay, 
In which he po ed that female 
qualities such as tenderness and 
compas ion could not b used in 
the productive sphere, and that 
these qualities repre ented a 
"repressed soc ial alternative." 

Marcuse concluded by saying 
that i t is necessary that these 
female qualities become 
receptive In society as a whole. 

Wi ll include the 
liberation of M en 

"Then the liberation of women 
will I nclude the liberation of 
men," he said . "We tend to forget 
that men are also In bad need of 
liberation ." 

Pat Allen said that in her 
dealing wi th socialis t groups she 
Increa singly ran into male 
chauvinism. " And it hurts," she 
sa id Allen said that males have 
yet to get intc their heads that 
women are of the working class 

She al 0 aid that we need to 
remove the elitism in ourselve 
" Part of this star thin g (Marcuse-
Millet) is the responsibi lity of 
you ... the aud ience makes this star 
thing ," she said. 

Before the dialogue, Marcuse 
read a statement prepared by the 
Ad Hoc Com mitte Against 
Commercialism On the Left . The 
'ttatements which censured the 
way the program had been 
publtcized by it sponsors, the 
UCSD Extension , the Women' 
Center and Revelle Program 
Hoard , sa id the ticket distribut ion 

r: le Church of Con,ervatlon 
Invites You To Be An 

ORDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR OF NATU REPEDICS 

Our fa~t growing church IS 
ctively seeking envlronm nt-
oncious new ministers who 
el ieve what we b IIev Man 
hould exist In harmony With 
ature. We are a non -~tructure 
aith, undE'nomlnational , With no 
raditional doctrine or dogma 

Benefits for mini sters are 
1. Car Embl m and Pocket I D 
2. Reduced ratE'S from many 

otels, motels, restaurant~, ca 
renta l agen c ies , E'tc Ou 

irectory l ists over 1,000 prestlg 
stab l ishments ex tendin g an 

automatiC ash discount 
3 Perform marriages, baptl~m , 

funerals and all otht'r mlnlstt'rial 
funct lom 

4 Start your own church and 
apply for (>xpmptton from 
property clnd other taxE'S 

lnclosl' cl free~wlli donation lor 
tht' mlnl~tt'r\ credpntldh dnd 
po(kt'tliccnw Your ord ination " 
r('cognllPd In ,1 11 SO stcltl'S and 

mo~t forf' lgn (ountrl(" 
CHURCH OF CO ~SERVATlON , 

BOX 375, MARY ESTHLR " 
FLORIDA 325&9, 
---------------------

dnd pr icing contributed to the 
touting of the program as d 
"prize-f Ight" and demanded the 
filling of the (afeteria to the 
capa ity traditionally admitted . 

Not Enough Money 
Wolshok responded by saYing 

that the admission had been 
opened up, against the order of 
the fire marshal. he said that the 
three sponsoring groups had to 
combin because there is not 
enough money o n the UCSD 
campu to sponsor women's 
programs. 

She added that the purpose of 
the Extension is to ex tend into the 
community, and that the ti ckets 
sold made it possible for un-
d rgraduates and graduates to be 
admitted free to the program . 

N ielson . . . 

Today at 8:00 pm in the 
conference room of the 
recreational gym, the Union of 
Jewish Students will sponsor 

~raeli folk dancing for all those 
interested. 

Tomorrow at 4:30 pm the 
Bi rth Contro l Group will meet in 
the Student Center lounge. One 
of the ob jectives of the group is 
to cut th e cu rrent prices 

Mafia· .. 
but thpy expected to "make a big 
sp lash " He said that so far, 
however, " a lot more thinking has 
been d voted to pure moral 
argument than to strategy ." 

UCSD as an oz oasis of sc holars dancing to sagaci ty. No 
matter the quality of the educational experience. No 
matter the pervasive attitude that it is dangerous for 
~tuden t s , faculty, or administration to speak freely . No 
matter the bush social and politica l rea lit ies . Shine on, 
bush halo. 

students must pay for birth 
control. All persons interested 
are encouraged to attend . 

Wednesday in the student 
center lounge the Socialist 
Forum will conduct their 
business meeting at 6 pm. 

' Immediately afterwards at 7:30 
Sylvia Wynfer will speak on 
l i terature, Marxism, and the 
" Invisible Man." 

On Saturday, at Seagrove Park , 
which is located at the foot of 
15th street by the beach in Del 
Mar, the Musicians Guild will 
perform from about 1 :00 to 5:00 
pm. 

Tom Sheppard, is organizing 
the concert, who along with 
Marco LiMandri , encourages 
everyone 10 bri ng some 
vegetables which will be pooled 
and eaten later in the day_ 

Early Music Quartet to P erform 
An even i ng of music , featuring the Early Music Quartet of San 

Diego, Will he held 8 pm Saturday in the lobby of the central library. 
• The Concert , sponsored by the Friends.of the library, is free and open 

to the public . 
The quartet will perform works from Handel , Bernardo Gaffi , 

Thomas Morley, Francisco Landini , Allesandra Scarletti , Anton io Cesti , 
and Claudi o Monteverdi . 

The members of the Early Music Quartet include : Dr James Paul, 
director; Elisabeth Marti , soprano; John Peeling, tenor and counter-
tenor; Ann Chase, soprano ,_ Richard Dehmel , bass; Alice Bryant, 
recorder; John Haak, cello; and Cynthia Paul , portative organ . 

Loak clusBl, al whal you gel in a 
pair 01 Schall sandals. lis called value. 

Value means more for your money. It means long lasting, quality materials. fine 
craftsmanship and a comfortable, patented product. 

What's more, Scholl sandals are versatile . Because they look terrific with almost any th ing-
jeans, dresses, shorts, whatever-they do the job of a whole wardrobe of regular shoes. 
That's added value. 

Add it all up. And step into the comfortable life-in Scholl sandals. 

Genuine leather strap-
In a choice of colors: 
red, white, blue or bone. 

Suede leather lining-
Foam padded to help 
prevent chafing, add even 
greater comfort. 

OJ 975, Scholl. Inc. 

Patented slide bucltle-
Easy-adjust for better fit. 
Distinctive design for style. 

Exclusive toe grip-
Designed by Scholl to 
encourage toe-gripping 
action while the big toe 
rests comfortably, 
naturally, as if walking 
barefoot on sand, 

Longer lasting beech-
wood- Polished, 
seasoned European 
beechwood.. Tough. to 
resist chipping and 
cracking, yet smooth and 
sculpted to caress your 
feet. 

Tough. non-skid outer 
sole- Rugged. secure 
and reliable. 

The origmal Exerci~e Sandals 
Better than barefoot 

006.014-75. 0009 -560 Ilnes-4 cols. (7\1, tn. x 140 II.) - B&W- ROP College Newspaper. Wi O April 21.1975 8S sch duled 
N W Ayer ABH International 



Pagel 

SDSU G~ 
Acco.rding to Accordians . 

by Dillniel Sc:hillwler 
Staff W,lt ... 

• • 

The San Diego State Accordion Ensemble will give a concert Sunday 
at 3 pm in tliat school's recital hall. It seems safe to assume that very 
few .people reading, this article have every heard a symphonic ac-
cordion ensemble, and so this concert should prove to be quite in-

te~esting . And for the two or three of you who have heard such a group, 
thiS should be even more enjoyable since this ensemble is one of the 
best in the nation . 

Triton Times 

April 28 Avril 29 

~ .. 
Somethmg 

-
Shootins 

-U""",", ... 2:OO ':Ii Gallery, 12:00 ': 
.: .: 
.. .. 
. . 

Mwder in .. Munier in .. 
Soudio 0 ... 2:30 ! Studio One. 12:30 S 

~ , 

.: .: 
: .. ,.. 

• • 
Monday TIlRsday 

AV1il .JO 
-

Shooting 
Gallery. 4:00 

Somethins 
Unip<>l< ... 4:30 

Wednesliay 

April 28, 1975 

May 1 May 2 May.J 

~ S'-ins Gallery. 8:00 .. 
- -
': ': 

-
Breath"" in Somtthing 

. Anlicipotion of UrupoI. ... 8:30 
· 

MOl< Drama . 
· .. Friday. 
-

Nexl W«k-
! Mwder in i , Srudio 0 ... 9:00 , 
.: .: 
: : 

• • 
'!'hw·sd.ay F'riliay Satllrday 

An accordion is a member of the reed organ family, which in turn is 
closely related to the woodwind family. The accordion's sound is 
produced in, the same. mann~r as that of a clarinet - that is, a vibrating 
reed . The difference IS that Instead of one reed, the accordion has a 

s~parate reed for each note of the scale . In addition, the air that 
Vibrates the reed is produced by bellows instead of by lung. The right-
hand keyboard is identical to that of the piano. However the left-hand 
keyboard is quite different. There is only a limited rang~ (one octave) 
of bass notes and the rest of the notes are triads. 

Free Drama Offered This Week 

The San Diego State Accordian Ensemble consists of 11 standard 
two bass, and one tenor accordions, a string bass, and percussion . I~ 
addition, one of the pieces will feature a piano soloist. The ensemble 
has been in continuous operation in the San Diego Area for twenty 
years, with Donald Belestrieri at the head . 

The concert will start with transcriptions of Rossini's overture to " 11 
Turco in ltalia" and SKostakovich's Second Piano Concerto. Fourteen-
year old Craig Kaiser will be the featured soloist , Then, the ensemble 
will perform the US premier of Hugo Herman's "Ciacooa e Fuga," an 
original composition for accord ian ensemble. The finale of the concert 
will be another original work, the " Ballet Suite, Op. 42" by Hans Breh-
me All of th is takes place at 300 in the afternoon of May 4 at San 
Diego State's Recital Hal l. 

ily l arry Deckel 
Arb Editor 

Spring at UC San Diego is 
marked by tradition . Each spring 
see the return of students to 
Black ' s Beach, the softball 
player~ to Muir field, and the 
watermellon throwers to Urey 
Hall , Amid the spring festivity, 
each years finds the UCSD drama 
club presenting it's annual one-
act fe tival, traditionally titled 
Ii!." 

This we k the Drama Club 
presents its fourth annual "I" 
which IIlciudes three one-~~t 
plays to b pre ented In a con-
figuration that allows students to 
atl nd any number of the three 
plays in the (our of th w ek . 

ThE' first play 111 the con-
figuration is " Shooting Gallery" 

~ Billy Jack vs.The Critics + 

.. 

A CONTEST/SWEEPSTAKES 

'he Trial of Billy Jack 
Starring DELORES TAYLOR and TOM LAUGHLIN 

rPGI'UUTIi. -.f sasru .. § ~~ 1U1("",. IiUf "Ill If ~'I""f lOll! PIlE f(l 1iIAC(_S 

STARTS WEDNESDAY 
FREE CONTEST DETAILS ARE AVAILABLE AT PARTICIPATING THEATRES 
FOTOMAT, LICORICE PIZZA. LONDON BRITCHES, ZEIDLER and ZEIDLER,' 

THE WHEREHOUSE, PICKWICK BOOK STORES, THE GAP and other fine stores, 
Coovrraht 01975 Bltty Jack Ent.rprl ... , Inc. 

by Israel Horowitz, a funny yet 
compelling examination of sexual 
roles-man proves his masculinity 
by his supposed powers at 
hooting a mechanical bear at a 

Shooting Gallery. 

"Something Unspoken, " by 
Tennessee Williams, presents the 
15th anniversary of a relationship 
between an aged Southern 
aristocrat and her hired com-
panion, and the ten sions between 
them 

"Murder in tudio One," a 
radio play adapted for the tagI.', is 
the third play bringing a stralght-
faced murder spook back to life 
In a female-sleuthed whodunit. 

Th schedule of performances 
is as follows 

Monday, Apri I 28 
200 Something Unspoken 
2 30 Murder in Studio One 

Tuesday. Apr 29 
12'00 Shooting Gallery 
1230 Murder in Studio One 

Wedne~day, Apr 30 
4 Shooting Gallery 
4' Something Unspoken 

I riday, May 2 
800 Shooting Gallery 
8 30 Something Unspoken 
9 00 Murder in Studio One. 

rhe afternoon programs were 
designed to enab,le students to 
see one hour of theatre that 
would fit into their schedule for 
the day, The Friday night program 
enables the viewer to see all thr 
shows in one sitting 

Attendance at one, two, or all 
three shows can be arranged to fit 
your own per onal schedule. 

All performances are in the 
Mandevi lie recital hall and are 
free to the public To insure 
~eati ng however, free tickets are 
available at the student cent r 
box off,c In advance , 

ThiS spring festival of theatre " 
brought to you through th elrama 
club omE' and take a pre-
midterm breah In your day . 

Ilost & found I 
Lost Yellow Plcketl .Iid" rule between 
Mandeville HL lib. Fri around 9:00 AM. 
Mike 298 426414/281 
LOST: ladies gold Hamilton watch 
4/24/ 75. Contact Sua, 282-6176 or return 
to tha TT ollice. Reward. 14/281 
found · 2 rings in the Student Center 
Women 's Bathroom. To claim them see 
Maggie Brown at the Studant In-
formation Center. 14/281 
Lelt reading glasses reddish brown 
Irames in yellow cas. in TlH 502 April 22 
3 PM. Sue. 462-9681 t4/281 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
Pll MRI~(, ('ll~RM'TORS 

Leaverton - S.n Inc. 

REMODEL - NEW INSTALLATIONS - REPAIRS 
STATE LICENSE NO , 272-677 

566-4411 
7575 Carroll Road , San Diego, Ca . 92121 

811' UIPIIIIII! 

,-
.. ..,-
EIrUi ................ _ 
,. WIll II yma'lllllldentaad 
willi In.,.. II raving 
abaat.1Iost paapIe ... buy 
EartIi .......... .., 

lilludlwIII 
_III ..... 

1c1.=11--
GROSIMONT CENTER 171 4) 4f1-'1le 
(PMeo ...... , 5500 Groaamonl Cenler Drive 

L. M .... 2041 
.............. 

Triton Times Page 7 April 28, 1975 
- -------.---------------------;:=================::::::::::::====:=t 

The Padres? 
Second Best Record in Majors ' 

by Mark Stadler 
Community Editor 

Sitti ng In the. left f i Id ~ta nds 
la,t Thursday night at the Padre 
!-:dn1l' It became apparent that 
San Diego I~ falling Into the grips 
of that mdlady known as baseball 
ft'vE'r The rea~on for thi S dines> 
of course, I> that the Padres arE' 
pl,lvlng lreme ndou~ baseball 
Ihl'v re tJt the top of the National 
Ll'dgue\ YloPstern diVISion, With 
the ,<,cond best record In the 
malors 

Whether they can kE' pit up, 
.lnd It i, doubtful, depE'nd on 
hE'cllth, both physial ilnd mental 
Thf' younger plaYE'rs, like pitcher 
10<' Mcintosh and Infielder Mike 
Ivif', must keep their confidence 
up and qUickly gain the major 
league experience neces ary to 
kef'p Winning And the older 
onE'S, like second ba eman Tito 

~uC'ntes, have t6 stay healthy 
phYSica lly , to help an hor and 
balance the younger players 

The bul lpen, key to any troubles 
winn ing ballc lub, has been Meanwhile the Padre, hitting 
E'rratiC BillGriefand Dave romlon attack has been giving oppo.,ing 

Dave Winfield 

pltchrrs troubles of their own 
Thp Big Ma , Willie Mc('ovey, IS 
gf'tIing old and 1110re often than 
not young p Itchl-'r~ art' gpttmg th(' 
fa.,t ball past him. \omf'thln!; that 
n('ver ~ould have ho1PPf'nE'd fiV!' 
yc,m ago . But McCQI,l'Y ~till bet> 
lh(' most re,pE'ct f rom other 
team, 

ilowever, by the ('nd of thl' 
YE'ar, 6-6 rightfi('lder Dav(' 
Winfield will ~ getting the most 
r('spect of all Winfield has been 
awesome this season, with a .378 
batt ing averagE', 3 homerun and 
13 RBis 10 14 games. He has 
already had an eight game hittmg 
streak th is year. 

Last year's mainstays , Bobby 
Tolan and Johnny Grubb, started 
slowly but are now b ginning to 
roll , especia lly Grubb The purest 
Padre Hitter , Grubb had three hits 
in each of the Dodger games. 

The Padre defense has broken 
down everal times, cauSing 
losses . but till has been wholly 

\upt'r.or to last year Thi, IS due 
mainly to off-,t'a>on acqul,)ltlons 
II to I uentt" and HundlC'y 

--~ 

48 

Dan Sptflner 
FUE'ntes, acqUired from the an 

rrancisco Giant, has steadied the 
Padre Infield, especially shortstop 
[nlO Hernandez A veteran, 
I-uentes has worked hard With 

But no matter what happens, 
thl' year promises to b the best 
y('t for the Padres . 

Wf'11. ome m~y s off, that 
,houldn't be hard to do 

But, as Casey Stengel nllght 
,ay " Amalin'." 

have had s'ome excellent outings, 
but the more experienced Ri ch 
r olkNs , who was expected to be 
the bullpen ace, has had his 

USC Intercollegiate Golf Champs I 
1 he key to the Padres arly 

,uccess ha been phenomenal 
pitching, from a starting staff that 

boa~t.. lour Pit hers younger 
than 25, Randy Jones has been 
practica l ly inVinCible, With a.() 00 
[RA fro 25 innings and a 2-0 
rl'[ord Jone, who la t y ar led. 
thp mellOI s In lo~~es ; has a definite 
.,hot elt the albtars thiS year 

by Scott Sadil team membPr, Tom Armstrong, turned in one of the 
StalfWriter second-round 's better scores , shooting a 77 

The USC ~olf team, led by PGA tour-bound Scott Simpson of Southern Cal won the indiVidual 
Simp~on, came from behind to win the Southern championship With a two~ay total of 147. The 
California Intercollegiate Golf Championship held senior All-American is debatong whether or not he 
last weekend at Torry Pines should by-pass graduating thiS year and try to 

The other Padre starters have 
beC'n Ie p rfect, but equally 
pffect lve Dan Spiliner. has had 
two >uccesiv compl te gamf' 
vlc.tories. and carrie, an excellent 
278 FRA . 

The Trolam' final team lotal of 008 was one 
stroke better than both San Diego State and first-
round leader Cal State orthridge CSN went into 
the last day of play six trokes ahead of SC, but was 
unable retain this advantage. 

UCSD 13th 
UC San Diego, getting steady play and scori ng 

from each of Its team members, placed a respec-
table 13th out of the wenty-ni ne teams that 
represented practica11y every California college 
south of Fresno. Triton Mike Wydra was UCSD's top 
finisher in the competition for the individual 
championsh ip as he placed in the top thirty of the 
more than 180 players who competed. He had 
rounds of 77 and 79 for a 156 total. Another UCSD 

Br aklng ball artist Joe 
Mc intosh has a spotless 3-0 mark, 
Includi ng last Wedn day's 7-1 
triumph over the big bad Dodgers 
before 43,485 in San Diego 
Stad ium. 

• 

~----------------- --------------------
• 

- G--e"""'t --R-offea at the r) 
Spice Rack Restaurant! 

P.esenl this cOilpon .... ,Ih fOJI Ine 1 31 it18 
un. u Spice .RJC~ G.lIllt'll !'lest 1 "..tnl n p, 'c IIIG 
BpJCh .md you II \.lei rol ... rt Fret' T.tke tlO.ne IlJII <J 
IOlt''' ot the lib le,l 110rne .n.l0P roll<; or lI1ulllnS 
you;e pver onel Tt. s oller IS goorl on Mondays Ih.u 
Thursdays until May 29. QlKEl:)ACK 
YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE CJ~ 

A GARDEN RESTAURA"T 

Mission Blvd. near Grand in Pacific Beach 
7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm 

r 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~ ----~-----------~-----------~----------
• • 

, Cadllc SurflMtr4s. ea. Knee Board. . Aloha Racb 
Churchl fits . H ... iiln Sa .. 1t • Shift, TNIb, 

Ocean PICiAc • HIII9 Ten • Board Bag.' " AI BN.h • Shirt1 
Port.1I . Mlpmes . W •. T-~hift. Botrll CR . ~laa Fins 

UsN Bon . Ct. Wheels • Sbte .. ,..... • 
15 ¢ -plett Ine tf4 Skit ... ,., .-"riI. 
wA~La Jolla 
SURF SHOP 

2226 A_iii I, " "", 
1.1 J"" C,NIImil 

454-4644 
ruES-SUN 10-6 

1/2 iId ttllf " 1.1 J,II S",,,, M,,uf 

qualify for the pro tour next month. His two-round 
score, achieved on days when the long Torr y Pines 
cou rse was playing Its toughest because of strong 
winds and Its usual concrete-like greens, would 
have been good enough for Simpson to make the 
cut against the pros at the Andy Williams tour-
nament held at TP in February . 

D spite the t ight competition on the course, the 
biggest cheers of the day came from inSide the 
snack shop behind the 18th gre 'n where golfers 
were watching the first, rather dull Connors-
Newcombe tennis match on the teleVision, and 
then the carnivallstic George Foreman vs. rive 
Heavyweights boxing fiasco. Obviously, It is not 
always how games are 'Played, but instead, who is 
doing the playing . 

Hprnandel, making the 
doubleplay Into a Padre Wf'apnn, 
wht're lil t year It \va> a liability 

Cat( h 'r Randy Itundlt'y askpd 
fo. a tryout With the PadrE" thiS 
spring He had bE-en an allo;tar 
\'\Ith thE> Chicago Cub, a few years 
back. but has been hampered by 
knt,p InlUrle, >mel' tht"n rh,'s 
year , althou!;h he c an 't plav 
everyday bt'c.1use 01 hiS hnpl's, 
Hundley has gunned down Illan~ 
would be ba .. p,tE'aler~ and 
,teadled out thE' young Padre 
moundcorps 

The Pad, are not ~Ithout 
weakness , of course The mosl 
obVIOUS is thE' pitching 5taft It is 
young, very young, and lacks the 
maturity necE' sary for the 162 
gam ,trNch The bullpen must 
gal n consistency 

There are problems in the 
outfield and at the corners of the 
infield First baseman Willie 
McCovey IS getting old, yet If 
Mike IVle moves to replace hlm 
It leaves a hole at third Glenn 
Beckert can Ii II the hole, but he 
has serious Injury problems 
Hector Torres can play there, but 
he must also play econd and 
third Dave Hilton h. n't proved 
hE' (an playa malor I~ague third 
base Those holl'" must be fdled, 
and nf'W on s not crE'ated if the 
Padres are to keep \"lnnl ng . 

But pennant talk filll.'d the air 
out in lett fl Id Thursday night. 
char'ing the typf' of atmosphere ' 
that cau\f'd a 45 ~econd standing 
ovation for Dave Winfield wh n 
he hit iI three run homer Thurs-
day, giving the PadrE'S a fleet)ng 
lead . And It was still there In the 
mnth, when the Pads made a 
futile charge at the Dodgers' SIX-
run league 

Of course it's April Of course 
It'S premature Of course it won't 
last 

But remember when they said 
San Diego wasn't a sports town? 

uAmazin If 



Triton Times 

.----=-4-------Advertisements for Ourselves 
tices 

THE FIE ERENDUM IS ON 
Find out thE> 
14/28) 

Froah, Soph Jun -- Preeldent'. Un-
dergraduate Fellowship Competition. 
Appllcetlon. at Student Financial 
Service. Offlca, 214MC, project 
proPQUls lenen from faculty sponson 
due by May 11. For Into - Wande Mertln, 
X~14/211 

Bud.et Re.ources Group will be 
coRlidering Program Funding Requeet. 
end .ugge.t. Interested .tudent 
organizations r .. pond soon et the 
Student Center, 14/21) 

SEX CLINIC: Coun .. llng on Sexuel 
Problems, Wed, 3-1 pm; Revelle 
CounHlon Office Inext to the Rev, 
Provost Office). Judith Jorgeneen, 
M .D.-Hugh Pet .. , Ph.D. 13/14) 

No Tu .. day night films In Rav.lle cef. 
thl. week. (4/28) 

Clu.ter Llbrsry conducting .urvey of 
your fsvorit. book • • Re.ult. w ill h.lp 
build library collection & ba announc.d 
in TT in Mey. Form. for poll at Clu.ter 
Li b. (4/30) 

ALL WOMENI UCSD W~m.n" Cant.r 
i. try ng to a ..... your need • . Let u. 
know what w. cen do for you. W.' II 
orgeniz. groups for whetev.r you want 
(4/28) 

WRITING CLINIC Help on any w rit ing 
d iff icultie. Come to 1254 H,L or call 
462-2522 fo r an appolntment,(6/ 6) 

REVELLE STUDENTS. R.v.lI. Com-
m ittee on ColI.ge Affein (RCCA) 
.Iection. M.y 21 /22. Petition of 100 
word .tetement end 2 picture. must be 
submitted by Mey 7th. P.tltion. R.v.lI. 
Provo.t Offic., Rev.lle R .. ldent D.en'. 
Offlc. end Commuter end Student 
Advocay Canter. (6/21) 

FIELD ENTERPRISES will be in· 
tervl_ing on campUs Tu.. cerear 
Sa... Menagement poeltl_. Mora 
info end eppts. et Cer .. r Plennlng, 3DZ 
MC. (4/28) 

Unlvenlty of Sen Diego'. LAWYER'S 
ASSISTANT PROGRAM will hev. 
repr ... ntstiv. to talk, W.d. ApPtl. end 
info et Cereer Planning, 302 MC. (4/30) 

MCAT Chem Sec .. Prof. Wetson Wed. 
4:30,6-7:30 PM. HL 1110 (4 /30) 

MCAT O·Chem S.c .. Prof. Bond Tue • . 
4-29, 5-6:30 P. M., HL 1160 (4/28 

Studont. ent.re.t.d in b.ing a 4th 
ColI.g. Orl.ntation L.ed.r pick up 
r.f.rral at Stud.nt Employment. Mu.t 
be available to work June 21 /22, 28129, 
July S/6, 12/13 and 16/17. (4/28) 

" Room change. for Revelle Students 
who have turned in housing contracts 

GAY PHON!: hne A n outreach to t he 
U C.S. D. Gay com m unity Info rmat ion 
Or just w a,nt t o t .. lk? 452 3931 (6/6) 

nleetings 
GAY STUDENTS Mondey, Apri l 21th, 
7:00 pm Blake Conf.rence Lounge. 
NowccHners walcomll. (4 /28) 

COOP MEETING 
This & every Mondey at 6:30 at the 
Student C.oter (4/21) 

Adv. m •• tlng end group meditation In 
Revelle Informal Lounge at 7 PM on 
Mon. Apr. 28. For Into Joa Ri.ker, 298-
811ifi. 280-1840 (SIMS) (4/28) 

UNA meeting -- Monday, 8:30 pm 4627 
Ocean Blvd. Pecific Beach (488-0868) 
(4 /28) 
Departm.nt of Political Sciance 
presenla Dr. B .D . Nag Chaudhuri, 
Jawahrlal Nehru Unlv.rsity, Revelle 
Formal Lounga, 4:00 p.m ., " Sciance and 
Indian SOCI.ty". (4/28) 

FORUM meeting 
3rd Colleg. Stud.nts - Social Sciences 

- Wed. Apr. 30, 3·5 p .m . BSB 2100. l(4110 
for info. (4 /30) 

Asian American Student Alliance Wed .. 
6:30 P.M . Student Center lounge, Conf 
room, bottom floor. 

w i ll be held the week of May 19: May 19 Pieces of Dreams · a film portrait of 

Tuesday 7 PM, Discovery Hall Lounge .. 
DISCUSS progrem to attem pt to provide 
f ree birth control 8Ka m inat ion and info. 
A ll invit ed, For info Myrna X 2975 or 
Ann 4530387. (4/281 

SCIENCE FICTION & Fantasy Society 
will meat Thursday, 5-6 pm in the 
Student Canter. (4 /28) 

RAP WITH THE ACADEMIC ADVISING 
STAFFIIII The Third Colleg. Aced.mic 
Advising Staff invit •• all Third ColI.ge 
stud.nts to e we.kly rep and info 
_Ion Wed 2 to 4. MC 412, Rm. 11 
l(4110 for Info. (4/28) 

COMPUTER TYPES: Lower division and 
junior Computer Science majora and 
potantlel majors organization.1 
meeting UCSD Stud.nt Chtlpter of the 
ACM. Discuss future offering. in 
Computer Science Division end 
requirements for a B.A . or B.S. d.gr •• 
in Comp Sci. Todey, 3:00 PM APM X 
2101 (4/28) 

acti'vities 
DEPT. of LIT. JAY MARTIN Prof. of 
English at U .C. Irivine HENRY MILLER 
AND THE PROBLEMS OF BIOGRAPHY 
4:00 p.m . Thurs.. Revelle Informal 
Lounge. Everyon. invited. (4 /30) 

Soc ialist Forum : Sylv i a Wynter 
' Literature, Marxism and the Invisible 
Man.' 7:30 p.m . Student Center Lounge. 
Wed. (4/30) 

- Seniors and Juniors, M ay 20 - poet Ida Lawson · to be shown. (4 /30) CINDY NEMSER. art cri tic and editor of 
Sophomore Wom.n, May 21 the Femin ist Art Journal , 8 PM, Con. 
Sophomore men. See Autumn Ott in Socialist Forum Busines. M.eting: 6:00 ference Room l11A on Matthews 

Apri128. 1975 

R velie Side Door provides for YOur 
Da"clng M onday Nite (4/28). Be there . 
It's for you (4/28) 
4 students. b,o",n bag it w it h Marion 
Temple, mu sical t herapist, S/ 'I. , 12 00 St 
Cnt game conf . rm (lunch provided) 
(4/28 ) 
Monday Lunch Movies. " Myoglobin" 
and " Tainted Sky " (Tha Senses 
Bureau); 11 am and 12 noon, HSS 2333. 
(4 /28) 
RALPH NADER April 30, 8:30 pm in the 
main gym. Tlck.ts aveilable only in 
advanc • . FREE to UCSD stud.nts .1 .00 . 
to non·UCSD .tud.nts and $2.00 to the 
g.ne,el public. (4/30) 
WOMEN: SURVIAL IN THE WORKING 
WORLD. Ms. Linda Goldzlmm.r, Af· 
flrmatlve Action Coordinetor in S.D., 
conducts a seminar on how women ere 
fering in the world of work , 
discrimination they encount.r, and 
what to do about it. Wed. 12·2 pm, Muir 
apt T.V. Lounge. Sponsored by Cereer 
Planning and the Women's Canter. 
(4 /30) 
Wed., April30 12 noon. " Deformation of 
Cont,ol Media" USB2622 (4 / 30) 
Poetry . Wed. April 30, Harry Mathews. 
4 pm. Revelle Formal Lounga. FREE 
(4 /30) 
April 29: ATOMIC CAFE 8:00 PM 
Student Center. (4 /28) 
UCSD Drame pr.s.nts the fourth 
annual "I" a one-act configurat ion 
Today , 2 :00. Tennessee W i ll iam 's 
something unspoken; 2:30 Murder in 
Studio One. a radio play by -Norman 
Corw in. Tuesday, 12:00. Shooting 
Gallery by Israel Horowitz ; 12:30 Murder 
in Studio One. Free Tickets at Man. 

t for sale 
deville Recital Hall door. (4 / 28) Resident Dean's Off ice. (4 /28) p.m . Wed. Open to everyone. (4 /30) Campus today. (4 /28) ~-~----What's Happening----------l 

One twin b.d, good condit ion, $20.00 
481·9648 (4/28) 
,\I.w t.I. SR·50's. W. cen b.at any IIst.d 
p rice. Quick Delivery. 2 year guarant ee. 
Cell Bart 462·9848 (6/6) 
Surf board, 7'-6" Gordon Smith, 45$ 
N ishiki 10 sp.ed. 25" fram., el(cellent 
condition, alloy components, $125. 452-
9512. (4 /28) 

Honda CB 350 four 73 112 mint con 
dition htre Elactric starter, leg bars. 
recent tun., two bell h.lmets must sell, 
make offer, 488-8632. (5/2) 

2 new king size satin bread spreeds, 
red, gr •• n. $50 ea. r.g $75 ea & 2 VW 
wid. wh.els & rims, both for $20. 
Carring Cage $S. 263·6847 (4/281 

The One's A Classici 1959 Mercedes 
Banz runs good. Coule use a little 
polishing. $650 Steve4599065 (4/28) 

Save $200 on any Taylor hand · made 
acoustic guitar. Sal. .nds April 30, 
Westland Music 7936 Lester, Lemon 
Grove 460-5535 (p4/30) 

BLAZER '74, low miles, customized 
camp.r. many extras. see to ap· 
preclat .... 753-9191 (4/30) 

REVELLE, you complain of nothing to 
do. Well, nellt M onday (4/28) we 
provide f or YOU en at mosphere for 
DANCI NG (and a place). Come t o t he 
Side Door and have a good time. (8:30 
t o 11:00 pm (4/28) 
Gibson P.A . System (GPA-36) 36 w atts 
R.M .S. out put per chennel, 4 channels 
each w lown rev arb u nit 2 speaker 
columns 47" tall, eight Gibson 8" 
speak.,. $300 Bob 270-S146 (4/28) 
REV ELLE, y ou complain of not hing to 
do. Well, nut M onday (4/28) w e 
provida f or YOU an at o m sphere f o r 
DANCI NG (and a place). Come to t he 
Side Door and have a good time. (8:30 
to 11'00 pm (4 /28) 
Solid oak upright piano w I mirror, 
bench, over 50 years old; very good 
condition. $299 You move and tune 
152-8175 (4/281 

A very good Yuhica 124 MAT G twin 
lena reflex c a era (2Y. ") with tripod 
end several ,01 of film. $00. Tony 459 
7091 (eves) (4 ' ) 

Programmab. Celculator. HP 65 like 
naw, still under orgi9inal waranty $600 
or best offer. ;) • Ibb-J IW ,4/2.i1) 

7 ft . Hansen surfboard. excel condition. 
,70. J im 453-6n4. (4 /28 ) 

Wilton T·2000 Tanni. Raquet $20 Barry 
488·6832 aft.r 6:00 Dacron Sleeping Bag 
$25. (4/ 28 ) 

'70 Ford Van, st.reo, mags, carpets, bed 
$1~. 270-4133 or 274-8935 (4/30) 

:lodge Dart '&sGt, automatic trar 
smls.ion, air, radio. 270 V 8 Needs 
valve lob. $100 or best offer. Day 452· 
lOn, Night 453-0949 (4/30) 

Small very friendly dog needs you. I 'm 
moving and can't keep him Free to 
good home 488 6S95 Or 262-6888, LeWIS 
(4/30) 

Sill ten inch Jensen speakers in 
homemade cabinet for guitar (electric) 
amplification. 488-6S95, Lewis (4 /30) 

personals 
Tom S: Shall I make thiS sound like all 
the other anniversary wishe.?77 or try 
to make it cryptic and cute77 How to 
put it all in a personal.. .. (4/28) 

Ma femma d'or Comment j. t'aimel 
Ton amour (4/28 ) 

Happy lete B'Dey Rick. you ara on. of 
the finer thing. to look et • • v.n If yOU 
do htlve skinny legs. But we love you 
enywey, 2 secret edmlrers (4 /28) 

Mary Beth · Heppy late Blrthdey • your 
bella should be arriving any day now · 
hope they bring many hours of en-
Joyment, end &half-pint (4 /28) 

NI.c. Cari, you ara ripe.t as w ell a. first 
banana. Unky Dean (4/28) 

To Susan In HL LIBRARY WHO 
WROTE: " The heart is through the 
stomach. Let's have a T party." I' m 
interestad. Call me at the midnight 
hour. Albert 453·9343. (4/28) 

BARBARELLA is coming Sunday! (S/2) 

HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY JOEL! To one 
of my most favorite guys! (HAil T.T. 
(4/28) 

A mal. looking for young heif.r, 
(pr.ferabIY Gurns.y), to provld. Milk of 
Hum.n Kindness, MUlt be rich . 
magnanimous in d.faat, and abl. to 
play cards. It's 5-2 B .D., Simians 
r onqueror. (4/28) 

:I UP A STQ:RII. 
Spring Ski Sole 

All new clothing and skiis 
at rOCk-bottom prices 

7722 F4Y AVENUE 
4~4-141 0 

Denise, 409 DeAnza, who wa. that guy 
in the braids and jockey short. I saw 
"coming" out of your room this 
morning? J.C. (4 /28) 

The Padre Dynasty Has Begun. (4 /28) 

Get your teeth into someth ing juicy I 
The Food CooP. Bleke Hall (nel(t to t he 
Ice ream Hustlerl 10-4 daily (pS/6 ) 

Students need an organized voice. 
Vote for the Coop in the referendum 
(4/28) 

wanted 
SCIENCE FICTION paparbacks wanted 
by the UCSD Fantasy & S.F. Society for 
donation to the HL Lending library. Call 
Coua n, 454-1023 (4/28) 

Speed Readers (600 wpm or more) 
wanted for Psych el(penments on 
reading. $l .88 / hr. Call K2542 (day) 436-
4329 (eve.) Leave name and phone no. 
Mark (5 /9) 

Large refrigerator in good working 
condition. Scott 113587 or 452·1565. Kelly 
453-5n4 (4/30) 

Students i"tere.ted In weekly 
discussing what God's Word says to 
each person. No experience necessary. 
Contact Dennis M c Fadden 452·9805 
(4/28) 

Full Wet Suit · (Spider or Long John & 
Jacket) Medium (S'10"; 160 Ibs.) Call 
Patrick at 452·3793 (drama dePt.)days or 
488-2046 nites (4 /28) 

Have t wo seets for John Denver 
concert, Mey 6. Now need three. 
Any on e in ,eserse situation? Call Jane, 
days 452·2895, even ings 560-5360. (p4/28) 

Teachers In all subj ects for summer 
session at small c reative private school 
in Solana Beach. Must have at least a 
B.A . Contact ISA , 481 ·0700. (pSiS) 

housing] . 
more roomete. share apt. in PacifiC 

Beach $84 plus uti Jim anytime 274· 
1039 (4/28) 

House SWItch Le Jolla Boston. 
Visiting prof. desires house in La Jolla, 
Jan June 1976. W ill SWitch for house In 
Boston. 566-5756 (p4 /28 ) 

CHILDREN , ages 8·9 [3rd 
grade] and 11 · 12 [6th grade], 
needed for expBrlments on 
si mp le judgmenta l tasks . 
$1.00 • $1 .50 for 20·40 m in. 
session. Experi ments to be 
done in parents' home. Phone 
in names to Betty Johnson, 
Psychology, UCSD, 452·3000. 

Two responsible guys would like to 
sub·lease or " hous.·sit" a house or 
apartment nea r campus this summer. 
Bob 452-9703 or Rob 452·9481 (4 /28 ) 

Condomin ium for rent. Room for 4-S 
people, two car garage, patio, 2!4 bath, 
furnished. Availabl. J u ne 15-Sept lS. 
Shelby 452·8996(S/5) 

2 Housem at es, M or F. own room $90 
eac h. Includes util, Cab l TV, 
Newspapers, Telephone. Clairemont • 
Big Yard , Quiet, Bus. Shoppi ng. 3 M os. 
M in. After S 275·0950 A sk for Ran-
dy.(4/28) 

FOR RENT 3 rm house across st from 
Moonlight Bch Garage Superb View of 
bch. Available May 18 221 4th St En 
cintas. $220 4S9-4706 (4/30) 

Female roommate needed Immed in 2 
bdr. townhouse apt near UCSD Pool , 
sauna, garden. sorry no pets $60/ mo. 
453 5618 (5 / 2) 

M or F roommates needed, June 1S· 
Septembar lS. Own room in co n 
dominium; close to bus. shopping 
UCSD; Pool . $87.50 plus utilities. Scott 
l(3587 or 4S2-1565, Kelly 453-6n4 (4/30) 

servi ces 
BIOB EEDBACK Interest ed in par. 
t icipating i n a research study in 
relaxation trai ning? Call Daryl Tues. 
through Thu rs. evening at 295.4223. 
(p4/28) 

Typ ing IBM, Exper ienced . carbon 
ribbon, reports. theses, accurete. 50 
cents and up. Pam 560·5257 after 5 pm. 
(4 /28) 

Thesis typist. also dissertations, term 
papers, etc .. 10 years typing el(perience, 
starting home business, competitive 
rates, call Barbera , 279-1441 . (pS/9) 

WEECS PU LLED. ground c lea,ed ano 
cult ivat ed for VEGETABLE GARDENS. 
Exp ert pru ning and t rim m ing of shrubs, 
hedges, and trees. Diggi n g. A I m ·3620 
(SIS) 

Lt:ARN TO FLY lowest rates In SO. 
area Learn with an EXPER IENCED 
INSTRUCTOR , not a moon I'ghting 
glld"r ollot. Mark Benzhof 224·0178. 
(4/30) 

Summar work back East. Earn $2436. 
CeIl 459-0661 (6/6) 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon · .1t. 
1I :4'j·o';: 10 

(Io\cc! Sun. 
233-5481 

Guy. and Gals: is your hairbrush 
wellfing out? N.ed a new one that w ill 
outlast all others? Try a Fuller boar 
briltle hairbrush this time. 10 percent 
student di.count. For Fuller Brush 
Service call 454-8549 or4S9·7375. (4/28 ) 
RESEARCH AIDS North America's 
largett serv ice. For cata lo gue lend $2 
to ' Essay Servic.s, P.O. 8 0x 12.18, 
Niagra Falls, N Y. 14302. A lso. campus 
represantat iv es required. Please w rita. 
116·366,6549. (p6/6) 

German In Germany! Come to Bo,lltz 
Cotogne to " live and Learn" German 2 
full weeks beginning July 21 and 
August 4, 10 hours a day with native 
speakers No more than 5 in one group 
Tours of the ci t y Included Write Berlitz 
School of Lanuoges. Koln. CI O Belinda 
B,av, 5 Koln 1, Hollenzollernring 39 41 , 
West Gprmany (4 '281 
TYPIST Fast Startlng45c per page Ca ll 
Rachel at 4539272. (4 128) 

YOUR RESUME perso"ally prepared & 
distributed to over 1,000 employers in 
your field! Less than 3 cents per em 
ployer for total servicel Free ino. wirte 
RESPONSE RESUME AIDS, BOl( 82943 
A12. San OIego, CA 92138 (41281 

trave l 
SSW Travel Offic. - ON CAMPUS-
EUROPE, NY, & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int' l Student 10, Eurall, Hostel Cards, 
Tripping Magazine, etc. UCSD in· 
ternational Center 452-0630 11 am-4 pm 
M .W .F. ONLY Closed Tues·Thurs. 
(pS/6) .-

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE, 
ISRAEL, ORIENT. Low prlc.s- long and 
short flights . limited space. 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1408 
Westwood Blvd. LA. 90024 (213) 879-9121 
or4n·1162 (8/6) 

JUNE EUROPEAN TRIP : Tran· 
sportation, hot.ls, . 'ghtseeing, some 
meals included. 22 days. Bargln at 
$1290. Kevin."at2n-8879. (p4/ 30) 

EUROPE· ISRAEL-AFRICA-ORIENT Low 
cost flights, tours, the whole student 
bit . At our office over 200 FREE non, 
comerclal pamphlets, brochu res,--blg 
bu cks savings ESTC 510 W. Sixt h, Suite 
318 L.A. 90014 (213) 623-2821 (pS/6) 
EUR OPE IS R EA L· AFR IC A S tudent 
f lights year round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11687 San Vicente Blvd. No. 4 
L.A . Cali f . 90049 
Tel : (213) 826·5669, ~-0956 (pS/ 6 ) 


