
., " 

..-"'.-

Students gathered in &ont of the gylll to hear a Friday noon concert by "Horsefeathers," a 
popular San DielO area band. (n photo: NatlMan Meyen) 

SBPC Fai& to Expell .UCSB's Moran; 
3 Reps Rumored to Have Quit 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

The UC Student Body 
President's Council fell one 
vote hort of expelling Neil 
Moran (UC Santa Barbara) for 
campaign violations, in a 
marathon meeting last Friday at 
UC San Diego. 

The vote was eight to six, 
with two abstentions. Nine 
votes, or a two-thirds majority, 
we re needed to remove Moran, 
who was formally charged with 
violating the UC Santa Barbara 
election code in his campaign 

Urey Signs 
Antirdstrology 
Statements 

UC San Diego's Harold 
Urey, a professor emeritus Of 
chemistry and a Nobel Prize 
wi nner, was one of the 185 
prominent scientists who signed 
a strongly.worded letter con-
demni ng beliefin astrology. 

The letter, published in a 
recent special issue of 
" Humanities" magazine, has 
bee n widely criticized as 
needle s and arrogant. 

Urey told the Encinitas-based 
Coa t Dispatch in an interview, 
"All my life I've been trying to 
fi ght ignorance and misin· 
formation. I ju t don't un-
ders tand how people can believe 
this on the basis of no evidence 
at all." . 

" Irrationalism and 
'Obscurall m" 

The letter say" in part, that 
a trology contributes "to the 
growth of irrationalism and 
ob curatism. We believe the 
lime has come to challenge 
directly, and forcefully, the 
prete ntious claims of 
a trologieal charlatans." 

Urey said he has seen neither 
per.s~asive evidence proving the 
validity of astroloaical study Con''''_ o ..... 7 

for External President last 
pring. 

Abstaining from voting were 
UC Santa Cruz' two 
representatives, who were 
directed by their Committee of 
College Representatives (CCR) 
to not vote. 

Santa Cruz undergraduate 
repre entative Cathy Nelson 
tola the SBPC that while she 
"did not agree with CCR's 
request," she could not remain 
involved knowing the CCR "is 
strongly opposed to any SBPC 
intervention in campus matters 
of any kind." 

Resignations? 

It was also rumored that three 
representatives resigned from 
the SBPC in protest of Moran's 
reinstatement. This action 
supposedly came during the 
three-and-a·half hour closed 
session during which the SBPC 
considered Moran's case. 

As of Sunday night this 
rumor has not been confirmed 
or denied. 

Moran was charged with, and 
admitted to, failing to report 
the purchase of $3 worth of 
postage stamps within the 
required time and inaccurately 
Ii ting those tamps on hi 
campaign statement. 

That infraction was one of six 
brought against Moran by Murv 
Glass, who was one of Moran' 
opponents for ' the External 
Affairs post. Glass told the 
Triton Times Friday night that 
he would begin a recall drive 
against Moran today at UCSB. 

Moran could not be found 
for comment Friday night but 
according to a source he told 
SBPC members in the executive 
session that he favored leaving 
the maller to' the UCSB cam· 
pus. 

It was announced before the 
SBPC went into executive 
session that II charges were to 
be considered against Moran. 
These charges were aid to 
include the campaign 
violations, harming SBPC and 
Moran's own credibility and 
landering the SBPC in the 

UCSB Daily Nexus. 
No VOle for UCSB 

Dur.ing the closed meeting a 
call was received from the 
UCSB Legislative Council, 
directing its other represen-
tative, Jody Graham, not to 
vote . Graham would not 
comment on this, but it was 
presumed that this action was 
taken because of a contlict of 
interest being present. 

Glass, who was allowed in 
part of the closed session as a 
key witness, said after he had 
left that the SBPC had allowed 
nine of the charges to be 
dropped, leaving the stamp 
violations that Moran had 
already admitted to. 

Glass, who described that as 
"plea bargaining," was not 
pleased with the vote. 

There was a great controversy 
over closing the session to 
discuss Moran's case. The 
SBPC Operating Code requires 
that "trials" of members be 
held in ecret. However, everal 
members, led by UCSD' Irma 
Muni z and Joe Roger, tried to 
keep the meetings open. A 
motion to that eff~ct was 
rejected by an 8-5 vote. 

Munoz then moved that 
people "directly involved" with 
the case be allowed in. This wa 
voted down 9-6. 

8-7 on Executive ession 
Then a motion to move into 

Executive ession wa accepted 
by a tense 8-7 vote. 

Several student present 
berated the SBPC for thi 
action, saying that its tanding 
in student eyes wa growing 
lower by the minute . Otl 
Wat on, of the tudent 
Cooperative, a ked UCSD 
repre entative not to follow the 
other members intQ closed 
sc ion. 

Marco LiMandri, UCSD' 
other representative on SBP , 
polled UCSD tudent present 
on the i ue. An overwhelming 
majority upported Watson' 
contention. 

UCSD' representative were 
, Con ..... o. Paae 7 

GSU May Stage 
A Second Strike 
Administration 
Given 3 Weeks 
to Respond 

by Mark Stadler and 
Craig Uchida 

In three weeks the Graduate 
Student Union may stage 
another "work action." 

By an almost unanimous vote 
last Thursday night the GSU, 
with about 100 members 
present , decided to give the UC 
San Diego administration three 
weeks to cere pond concrete ly 
to" their previously stated 
demands. 

Then, on November 3, the 
entire GSU O1embership "will 
assess the quality of the 
negotiating process and the 
results which have, or are likely 
to issue these from, and will 
make a decision on that basis as 
to whether or not to engage in 
an immediate work action." 

The four GSU demands 
include a 50070 TA com-
pensation, or its equivalent, for 
all graduate students needing it, 
yearly contracts for all grad 
tudents is ued the spring 

before, no increase in work load 
or section size and fee and 
tuition waivers for all grad 
tudents. 

trike Organizing Committee 
In addition the GSU ap-

proved the formation of a 
Strike Organizing Committee 
(SOC) to: . ' 

--gain the GSU membership 
in the San Diego Labor 
Council; 

·-have the GSU approved a 
certified union by the National 
Labor Relations Board 

(NLRB); (To be approved as a 
union by NLRB the GSU must 
have 30 percent of all UCSD 
grad students sign pledge cards 
supporting GSU; then NLRB 
will hold an election. If a 
majority of grad students voting 
support unionization the GSU 
becomes an officially 
recognized union.) 

--hold meetings for all grad 
students, by department , to 
discuss the conditions and 
manner in which a trike would 
be carried out; 

--prepare publicity "ad-
dressed specifically" to un-
dergraduates, faculty and staff 
and non-GSU grad students, as 
to why a "strike might be 
necessary" and how they "can 
support the GSU " in uch an 
event; 

--prepare accurate financial 
and membersh ip reports and 
make "every effort to in-
sure .. . that every grad student 
who has signed a Union card 
pays dues; " and 

--"Take any other action 
necessary to prepare the campus 
community and the Union for 
the po sibility of a strike or 
work action." 

Another vital motion pa sed 
Thursday directed the GSU 
Steering Committee to hold 
"informal di cussions" with 
other labor unions about 
honoring a po sible strike . 

If this could be accomplished 
it would make the GSU strike 
much more effective than last 

. year's action. 
The three-week waiting 

period and SOC motions were 
introduced following nearly two 
hours of often-fiery di cus ion 

Continued on Page 12 

Hamburger, Panel Explain 
Discovery of Allergy Drug 

by Barry Bov how 
taff Reporter 

Robert N. Hamburger, head of the department of immunology 
and allergy at UC SanDiego, di cu ed hi development of an anti-
allergen last Thur day night in the Revelle cafeteria . 

The research leading to Hamburger' di co very began eight year 
ago. 

Fit t , Hamburger e plained allergy reaction, and how hi s 
di . covery of a crucial pentapeptide affect the reaction . 

The pentapeptide block the Immunog lobulin E (lgE) -- the 
sub tance which cau e allergic reaction -- and control the rela e 
of hi tamine. 

Hi tamine, inherent in the bod y, i found in only two blood cell . 
ontinued on Page 12 

At Iect1n Oft .... co .. ry of .1ItI· ...... n ..... , t,.. left, tile 
0. .. 1or, II M.Itz ... , Clffonl ~ ..... , •• rt H_ ..... r 
....... rt .HtI. (n .... to: ..... ft Meyen) 



Paaetwo 

Jolm H. Taylor 
Edltor-iD-Cllief 

Craig UcbIda 
EdJtorial director 

1 

• rl~ollfl OM'S 
r:"'DIIgo 
I 

Mark Woelber 
Managing editOl' 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

James G:Solo 
City editor 

Sara Lowen 
Comm~jty editor 

The Tr iton Times is recognized as the offi cial student newspaper by 
the Communications Boord of UCSO. UnSigned editOl'iols represent 
the views of the moiority of the editorial board (above), and not the 

,views of the Universi ty , the Communications Boord or the student 
body. 

Political Impotence 
The meeting of the Student Body Presidents Council here Friday 

was a three-ring, 12-hour circus of student political impotence. 
It echoed our feeling that student government--even on its 

highest level-often is the administration's best protection against 
the will of the students of UC. 

Give them the power of recommendation, a constitution. bylaws 
and set of procedures, plug them in and watch them embarass the 
students whom they are supposed to represent. 

Their job Friday was simple: to discuss and act on the question 
of whether Neil Moran -- UC Santa Barbara external president, 
who was accused of failing to report a campaign expenditure --
should be allowed to remain on the Council. It would be easy, we 
thought -- analyze what appeared to be an impressive array of 
evidence, hear Moran's statement , other testimony and vote your 
conscience. 

But no. First the body had to decide whether to deliberate in 
public -- that is, whether or not to allow Moran the privilege of 
being embarassed in front of the Council, or in front of the Council 
and an audience of hostile, noisy, impolite individuals who were 
dedicated to futile. silly attempts at intimidation. 

Finally, those who wanted to meet in private stalked out of the 
room and sat by themselves, fuming, in another room, while 
everyone else stayed to muller among themselves and eat cheese 
and crackers provided for them by the undergraduates of UC San 
Diego. Through, of course, the Student Cooperative. 

Even these individuals eventually realized that two SBPCs, 
neither with a quorum, would be able to dump Moran. So they 
persuaded their audience to allow a closed session, indicating that 
whether or not one observes procedures in University student 
government depends upon whether or not one can be persuaded 
that a certain procedure serves one's interests. (Oh, how we tlo 
re'semble our elders.) 

The Council finall y, of course, did effectively nothing, instead of 
spending their time determining what UC's students wan I and need 

' from student government and fro m the Uni versity. 
But we ate not surprised at all . 

. 

• r •••• ,f. OM'S Monday, October 13, 1915 
Letters to the Editor 

Soto on Hayden: Many Inaccuracies 
It is inexcusable that the first 

information the readers of the 
Triton Times have received 
about Tom Hayden's senatorial 
campaign is in the form of an 
editorial full of inaccuracies, 
written by James Soto . This 
paper has been approached by 
members of Hayden's campaign 
committee and given in -
formation about the candid~te. 
and his policies, but to date no 
news articles have appeared. 
Although he is conducting an 
active campaign and making 
regular appearances in San 
Diego, he has not yet been given 
any press coverage. Surely the 
activities of an announced 
senatorial candidate are more 
newsworthy than much of the 
subject matter that is dealt with 
by the Triton Times. 

Soto's remarks that Hayden's 
campaign is ."degenerating into 
a sensational mudslinging 

·affair" are unfounded. As for 
Tunney's " strong labor and 
farm ratings," Senator Tunney 
has been censored by Cesar 
Chavez and the UFW . Chavez is 
working with and for Tom 
Hayden. 

It is this type of irresponsible 
reporting which has placed the 
Triton Times in disfavor with 
many student organizations. As 
the official student newspaper, 
the Triton Times ought to 
concern itself more with 
reporting, and do away with the 

columns in which a very small 
minority takes advantage of its 
position to make its opinions 
known to the world. This is a 
waste of valuable space and 
students'money. 

LESLIE FRANZ 

MCC Freshmen Candidates 
List Thei r 'Positions 

IEdiwr's note: Elections are lNing held today and tomorrow for 
,"e freshman position on the Muir College Council. The statements 
of each of the 'wo candidates follow. 

The polls are located on the upper Muir Commons.} 

Terry l.ondon 
I suppose anyone could be elected a representative, and I suppose 

a lot of people could do a good job. I kno~ I can. To me, the job is 
that of "aggregating interest s," as my political science professor 
would say . In other words, I ' ve got to find out what freshmen want 
and need individually and blend those personal desire into a 
cohesive set of goals that will benelitthe whole place. 

I d,id the student council bit in high school and it was fun and 
challenging at the same time . I've got a tempermeOl for service -- I 
Ii ten well , although I'm not easy to push around . And I love 
working with people, helping people . I'm enthu siastic about the 
Council -- hopefully, I' ll be able to spread some of my enthu siasm. 

Continued on Page 12 

Chicano Law .Day at UCLA Announced 
On Saturday, November I, 

from 10 am to 3 ·pm the 
statewide Chicano Law 
Students Association will 
sponsor a Law Day for Chicano 
applicants . The UCLA School 
of Law will be the site for the 
day's activities. 

The conference will provide 
information concerning ad -
mIssIons and financial aid 
application processes to those 
a ttendin g, in addition to 
providing a forum to answer 

,l ny questions applicants may 
have concerning law school as 
a n educat ional a lt ernative. 

We are soliciting the 
cooperation of your campus 
newspaper in pClblicizing this 
event to interested students on 
your particular campus. The 
Chicano Law Day program will 
include an introduction to law 
school requirements in general, 
information on and application 
for the LSAT, presentation by 
representatives from various 
law schools concerning their 
own programs. a s well as a 
question and answer period . 

It is our hope that your 
newspaper will aid in making 
the conference a success by 
publicizing thi s event in con-

secutive issues. We feel that 
such a publication will serve to 
act as a real aid to applicants on 
your campus. 

Should you have any 
questions regarding the con-
ference, please feel free to 
contact the Chicano Law 
Students Association at UCLA 
at: UCLA School of Law; 405 
Hilgarde Ave.; Los Angeles, 
Calif. 90024; (213) 825-7483 . 

RICHARD GOMEZ 
CH ICANO LAW STU DENTS 

ASSOC. 
UCLA SCHOOL 

OF LAW 

Science 4B and Bruekner 

'It is Evident Some Professors Can't T ea~h' 
by Donald E . Strebel 

"It is at times." , the loud-
speakers blared, "painfully 
evident that some professors are 
not capable of teaching." 
Commencement speaker John 
Graves (Revelle College, 1975) 
let those harsh words hang in 
the air above a sun-drenched 
Revelle Plaza, while their 
meaning sank in. A few feet 
away on the makeshift stage. 
Paul Saltman grimaced. The 
solemnly arrayed professors 
representing the various 
departments looked startled and 
uncomprehending . but for one. 
Henry G . Booker , Professor of 
Applied Phy ics, seemed to nod 
assent. And the audien( e of just 
graduated "neo-rer aissance 
people" broke into C! pplause. 
Graves had touched a key chord 
in the bond that would forever 
link them, like it or nOI. to each 
other and to the Unh.!rrity of 
California at San Dieg( . 

Paraphra ed in a housand 
ways. this same critici , glares 
forth from almost ever page of 
the latest CA PE. For eXllmple. 
we read of Science 4B (Winter , 
1975), "This class wa s 
tremendously di liked by an 
overwhelming amount (if not 
all) of students, due only to the 
professor' lack of teaching 
ability." ew veterans of a 
quarter Or more at UCSD do 
not have a imilar experience to 
recount. ven fewer can say 
that the~e experience led to 
change and improvement for 
the student ~ wh foil wed . It 

would seem that the ystem is ~o 
well insulated from students 
that lillie, if anything, can or 
does happen when a professor 
can't teach. The net result is 
that the students' frustration 
fitfully subsides into the 
eet h ing undercurre nt of 

hosti lity which undermines all 
ed ucatio na l effort s at UCSD. 

So meti l)1 es, thoug h , th e· 
administration is not completely 
successful in keeping such 
feel ings submerged. Science 4B, 
the large introd uctory physics 
course ment io ned above, was 
such a si tua tion. It seemed to be 
poo rl y o rganized , deli berate ly 
oppressive, a nd taught with 
bumbling incom pe tence. The 
angered students raised a storm 
of p ubl ic complaints , and 
finally fo rm a l c har ges of 
misconduct were filed against 
Profe so r Kei th A. Brueckner 
:> f the Physics Depa rtment. 

A fl f'r Vice C ha nceliOr 
Saltm a n fo und he co ulJ block it 
no lo nger . an administrative 
investiga tio n into these charges 
was conducted a nd completed 
du rin g the summ er. The 
Chancellor, in a letter to the 
Triton Times (Friday, Sep-
tember 26), has relea sed the 
report of the investigating 
com mittee to the Unive rsity 

omm unity. It i no w our 
re ' ponsibili ty to ana lyze th e 
report closely a nd to try to 
answer a number of vi ta l 
que tions . Were the complaints 
justified? Are there appropriate 
mechanism fo r dealing with 
and acting on u h omplaints? 

. H· Ht' n, • 

And most importan tl y, will 
a nything b~ done by the 
University, even if there is 
substantia l evidence that th e 
professor fai led miserably in his 
job? 

I would like to offer answers 
to these questions, based on a 
detailed study o f the report. I 
s uggest , however, that no one 
accept my commentary without 
carefully reading the report 
himself. Since the Chancellor 
has directed the report to the 
University Community. I trust 
that he has provided the 
libra ries with copies and 
o therwise made in readily 
avai la ble (it is too lengthy to be 
reprinted in the TT) . The report 
contains upsetting observations 
o n the quality and prac tices of 
undergraduate education at 
UCSD, and should be fully 
studied by faculty and students 
a li ke. No one ean afford to 
remain uninformed on the 
issues and criticism in the report 
because they bear directly on 
(and could threaten) the current 
UCSD reaccreditation attempt. 

The Chancellor b to be 
complimented on his decis ion to 
release the unedited report. This 
shows a forthri ghtness and 
wi llingness to deal with the 
students in good faith which has 
been noticeably lacking on 
other i sues. Jus t the same, I 
find it diHicult to concur with 
his o pinion tha t the I eport 
hows that th e re is "no 

evidence" to upport charges of 
misconduct. The report cites P'of ...... .. It ......... ~ .... y.), ........ IM 

Conthtltedo";Ra-Jf : .: .... DWldoi -5, ..... 1-1 , • .•• ••. ' .. '" ••. , •• ,., •• ,.,., • • , •• " .• 
f .. & ..... __ .' ,...... ,.o. • . • 4 ..... . ~ 

Monday, October 13, 197~ • rhol,.lnl(~· 

A Case of Guns versus Personal Autonomy 
by Martin Hadwin 

Over the last few quarters, 
several articles have appeared in 
the Triton Times in support of 
gun control, the latest one by 
Editorial Director Craig Uchida 
en titled Gun Control First Step 
Toward Crime Control. I would 
like to make several comments 
about this article and to give my 
own views as to why I think gun 
control is a bad idea. 

the Constitution. The obvious 
intent of these amendments is to 
prevent the encroachment of 
government on the freedom and 
autonomy of individuals . Now 
nowhere in the Constitution is 
the federal government 
delegated the power to restrict 
ownership of firearms, except 
perhaps in its power to regulate 
interstate commerce, but a( th is 
would apply only to firearms 

bows and arrows, matches (for 
setting adversaries on fire), even 
a simple pocket knife. Should 
the government restrict the 
exchange of these items as well? 
Potentially, almost anything 
can be used as a dangerous if 
not lethal weapon in the hands 
of a person whose intentions are 
violent. It is the person, not the 
weapon, that is the fundamental 
cause. Historically, people have 

Even if one thinks the second amendment applies only to people 
belonging to militias, there are two other amendments that are 
nearly always forgotten -- the ninth and tenth. 
First, consider the issue of 

constitutionality. Even if one 
interprets the second amend-
ment to apply only to people 
belonging to militias (and I do 
no t interpret it as such, based 
upon its grammatical con-
str uction), there are two other 
amendments in the Bill of 
Rights which are nearly always 
forgotten -- the ninth and tenth 
amendments. 

I 
shipped across state lines and b( 
interpreted this way, the federal 
government's power to 
"regulate" would give it the 
right to suppress any other 
items traded interstate that it 
wished. This has already 
happened to a frightening 
extent and is a foreboding of the 
rise of economic fascism. 

Another important con : 
sideration is the ethics of gun 
control. To this issue, I address 
the question, What right has the 
government to tell any in-
dividual what he can or cannot 

I 

used a formidable assortment of 
weapons at one time or another 
to slaughter each other, and 
wars decimating entire 

. populations existed long before 
the advent of gunpowder; what 
they had in common. the root 
linking all of these an -
nihilations, was the desire of 
some people to employ violence 
against others, in the name of 
whatever 'their cause happened 
to be. 

What would happen if, for 
example, a law was to be passed 
making it illegal for private 

be firsf to turn them in , a lo ng 
with those people with the 
greatest respect for the law ; 
criminals would not be about to 
surrender theirs. so that man y 
of those whose only purpose i n 
owning a gun was self-defen se 
would be legally disarmed 
against aggressors. At the same 
time. those wishing to acquire 
guns would no longer be able to 
do so legally, and the demand 
of those willing to acquire guns 
illegally would give ri se to a 
black marker. With th e 
legitimate manufacturers o f 
firearms wiped out of existence. 
production and exchange would 
be taken over by racketeers, 
maybe by organized crime, and 
the problem of enforcement 
would arise once again . How 
many millions o r billions o f 
dollars would be spent by the 
government in making " gun 
busts, " in an effort to crac k 
down on black ma rket trade in 
firearms, and how many foreig n 
governments would be paid to 
prohibit the manufacture of 
firearms to be smuggled into the 
United States? 

There would be no way to 
stop criminals from gelling their 
hands on guns. one way or 
another. To a criminal, a gun is 

would be foi led in his scheme by 
being unable to acquire a 
suitable gun? Would Fromme 
have had to th row in the towel 
because she could not fi nd a gun 
to use? Would she have deci ded 
that the ris k o f obtaining a gun 
illegally was too great, but the 
ri s k of ge tt ing caugh t 
assa ssinating President Ford 
was not? 

Gun control would only serve 
to lessen the amount o f control 
people have over their own lives 
by to a large extent stripping 
away their legal right o f self-
defe nse. It could not and would 
not remove guns from those in 
whose hands they pose a real 
danger, and like most acts of 
governmental intervention it 
would create a situation very 
different than that intended . 
And, most fundamentally. the 
go vernme nt has no right to 
control the production, ex-
change. a nd ownership of 
firearms. and to do so would be 
but one more act of centralized 
coercion, attacking in principle 
the personal au tonomy of every 
individual, bene fi tting no one. 

lEAlN TO flY 

The ninth amendment states 
that 'The enumeration in the 
Constitution, of certain rights, 
shall not be construed to deny 
or disparage others retained by 
the people.' The tenth amen-
dment states that 'The powers 
not delegated to the United 
States by the Constitution, nor 
prohibited by it to the States, 
arc reserved to the States 
respec tively or to the people. ' 

What right has the government to tell any individual what he v.-
T he meaning of these 

amendments , taken together, is 
that the burden of proof of the 
legiti macy of a federal power is 
on the federal government , not 
on the people. that even if an 
in dividual right is not listed in 
the Constitut ion, this does not 
mean that it does not exist 
while at the same time, n~ 
power belongs to the federal 
gove rnment that is not 
speci fically delegated to it by 

can or cannot own, or under what conditions he can own any 
particular class of items? $840 

own , or under what conditions 
he can own any particular class 
of items? And if it has this right 
with regard to firearm s, why 
not with regard to anything el se 
whose possession it wishes to 
control? To this is usually heard 
the reply, " But firearms are 
dangerous, they can be used to 
kill or maim people." That 's 
true, but so can just about 
anything else, including clubs, 
baseball bats. hammers, axes, 

citizens to own fi rearms? Well . 
obviously it would be necessary 
to requ ire th ose people in 
possession of firearms to turn 
them in to the government . 
under penalty of prosecution (as 
was done dur ing the depression 
when gold was confiscated) . 
Who would be most lik ely to 
turn in thei r firearms a nd who 
to refus!!? Those people who are 
least inclined towards using 
their weapons violently would 

as much an implement of his 
job as a stethescope to a doctor, 
and he will pay any price to get 
one; the aggregate demand 
curve is almost tota ll y inelastic. 
T his is why Uchida's assertion 
that gun control will reduce 
crime is so utterly ridiculous, 
and that it will reduce the 
number of assasination at-
tempts eve n more so. Is it even 
credible t hat anyone so totally 
committed to assassinating the 
Pres ident o f the United States 

Priyale Pilot lice" se 
(Inctudesl 

• 35 Hr • . Flying 
• tn"!\Jcllan 

• Patomar Flight Training Center 
Look for Palomar 
Air Service Sign 

V A & FAA Approved 
Jorgen Knudsen 

438-4097 or 
724-4970 

STUDENTS 
Pine Valley Riding Stables 

Pine Volley Riding Stables i s now offer ing a great savings to all 
California college students. Monday thru Fr i, B:OO am to 5 pm . you 
can ride for $2.50 on hour·a sovings of $1 .50-(Thats 01 least a six-
pack) if you present a valid student l. D. so before Ihe ra ins stort & 
while the weather is cooling off, come en joy S.D. counly' s best 
horseback riding area - 1 mile W est of Pine Valley on olde highway 
BO. 

For more information, call 
(714 )473·B392 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes 'examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fi tted 
repairs 

hOUrs mon - :" 1 a 20 8 au 
sal 10·6 ClOSed ""uu,. 

sports arena blvd. 
(across trom Ihe sports arena) 

224·2973 224·2974 

, I 



.... ''!'I' 
!PoIitiCl: Jam .. G. Soto 

Dttill, Dull, Dull 
Panicular abo t your politics? 
You should . There was once a time when even politics 

transcended th: banalities of graft and the convenience of self-
servi!11 vinue, and provided the supreme public service en-
tertainment. 

However, tm areatest problem surrounding politics continues to 
evade the millions of Americans bored by this thorn in the side of 
our system of lovernment. I am speaking, of course, not of the 
lack of superior leadership, which continues to plague publishers of 
volumes extolling the virtue of a likeable solons, but of the politics 
of boredom. 

The American citizen, who must settle for the talents of Billy 
Graham and Howard Cosell to satisy his needs for entenainment 
was once honored with .the privilege of being amused and eve~ 
ed.ucated .by his public servants . Teddv Roosevelt. for example, 

mlg~t deliver a sudden pronou~cement on the subject of foreign 
affair or challenge a compamon to a rew rounds 01 bOXing. 
William Jennings Bryan, the silver-throated Nebraskan and 
frequent pre idential candidate, could speak for hours on a whole 
range of subjects, and people would come from miles around to 
catch the ound of the hotte t act in the Democratic Pa rty. 

The Wit of Gerald Ford 
Today the voter i confronted by a sort of dullness on a scale 

unprecedented ince the tiresome admini tration of Millard 
Fillmore. I know a few keptic might as ault this attitude as 
countero~oductive to ~ood citizenshio . But before sounding 
apologetiC, I would remmd those who banter inces antly about the 
need to reduce the citadel of apathy that before the hac ks who vote 
do thei r civic duty, they must be sti mulated to gct out on that fir t 
Tuesday in November. While in the more plea ant climes of 
California and Florida, John Doe is easi ly persuaded to exercise his 
franchise; character in the more rugged weather zones mu t have a 
better reason for voting than the wi t of Gera ld Ford a nd Henry 
Jackson. 

Recent elections have been noteworthy for their pa ucity of 
laughs and for the incessant drone of boring candidates clamoring 
for a whole gamut of blase programs. Democrats have carried on 
their New Deal ideas for too long, while Republicans refuse to 
discard the philo~ophy of alvin Coolidge. 

Antics of the FBI 
Of cour e, the ew Deal was good in its time. There were the 

r-ireside chat, the RA and Shirlev Temple. and there was Fiorello 
La Guardia reading Little Orphan nnie over the airwaves. 

But unfortunately, the zip has gone out ot uch arcllalc activities. 
Big government, always popular among orne egments of the 
population, ha finally hot it wad. While people co uld read with 
excite~l1en.t about the antic of the FBI 35 year ago, today the 
organizatIOn lacks the chari rna and yes, even the integrity of the 
old Elliot Nes~ organization. Some people even confu e the F BI 
with the I RS; and the taxman ha. never been known as a bundle of 
exci t emen l. 

Gerald Ford still needs to be reminded that the Roaring20s are 
over. All the fun has evaporated from our society. Thi i no Jazz 
Age and thus it is imperative that Republicans provide a little 
humor for the nalion. 

For instance, Ford i going to have to hit the Borscht Circuit and 
Las Vegas. Earl Butz, noted ethnic humorist and sometimes the 
Secretary of Agriculture is the only cabinet member who actually 

ha~ been known to garner a laugh . However , while Earl is 
humorous in Topeka. he fail to draw raves in the fa~hionable 
Lower East Side of New York where Bella Abzug resides. 

Walter Brennan 
Remember the la t Pre idential election? Remember the dull 

squabbling between Nixon and McGovern? Remember ixon's 
notorious double V-for-Victory sa lute? Remember McGovern's 
Incessant whining about integrity an d hone ty after repeated boffos 
a nd chameleon-like . tances? 

Benjamin Spock and John Schmitz provided all the en-
lertain ment in that one. ever laking them elve too ser iously, in 
stark contrast to Nixon and McGovern, the Peace an d Freedom 
and American Independent Party candidates spoke about rea l 

i~~ues and managed to maintain their wil. Schmit z actually had a 
good time. 

The highlight of the campai gn was election eve when Schmitz 
fi~a lly bought s~me TV ti me. The Tustin humorist . albeit a right -
wing one, was Introduced by Walter Brennan : a humor coup in 
itself. Brennan , always worth a few chuck le, could eas ily tOP Pa ul 
Newman, Sammy Davis Jr., Shirley MacLaine or whoever the 
major partys might corral into their camp. Schmitz let decorum fly 

Continued on Page 12 r------- .~---._, 
I $33,500,000 I 
I UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHIPS I 
l Over $33,iO ,000 unclaimed scholarships, grants, aids, and I fellowshir s (anging from $50 to $10,000. Current list of these 
I sources nsearched and comptied as of September 5, 1975. I UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHIPS 

369 Allen Avenue. Portland, Maine 04103 I 0 I am '.n~osin g $12.95 plus $I.UU f or ,,05t()g~ ann handling. a 
(Check or ney order - no cash, p I ease.) I I t 1 0 ;.1 'NI:Io h: 1 U .. C YOur ChargfO c~ud , ple.~e ' 111 0 Jt prop, late bOJl:e$ below 

I D r PLEASE RUSH YOUR 
CURRENT LIST OF 

I 
I 

£.o ... IIOn 0 ' 10 ~===~I UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHIPS Mon,h/V •• ,. . 
M .... , Ch.'g. SOURCES TO: 
'nl' fb , n' No 
g~~~I~o I Name '--- ____ --l 

I Address 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

L.:City State Zi P .~ Maine residents ple.se add 5% 111ft tax. 
------------ -

.n.4in .1_'8 Monday, October 13,1975 
Muir Special Projects Give Alternatives 

by Fraak Ituenld 
Starr Writer 

One of the major criticisms in 
recent years concerning hilher 
education has been its relevency 
to the student's needs. Muir 
College has attempted to answer 
that criticism by giving its 
students the opportunity to seek 
alternative means of education 
through Muir Special Projects 
(MSP). 

The idea was conceived a few 
years ago by project ad-
ministrator John Stewart "to 
allow students ,to pursue a 
degrl!e in the field of their own 
choosing -- ranging in subject 
matter from creative arts to 
interdisciplinary studies." 

For example, the emphasis of 
a Literature major at UC San 
Diego is on literary theory and 
criticism. But some people 
prefer to write. 

"The purpose of the Muir 
Special Projects (MSP) is to 
provide s tudents the op-
portunity to experiment," 
commented acting Provost Pat 
Ledden . 

Interdisciplinary Studies 
Many students have wanted 

to do work that crosses over 
several departments . In MSP 
such a student would aim for an 
area of interest not listed in the 
cata logue, find a faculty ad-
visor, develop a peeial cour e 
of tudy and write a brief 
statement explain ing the 
rationale for the project. 

The proposa l is discussed 
with Ledden or Kay Reynolds in 
the Muir Provost Office. Once 
they approve the project, the 
student works with his faculty 
ad visor, keeping bot h parties 
aware of his progress. 

At times it may be necessary 
to modify, redirect or truncate 
the original goals set forth . In 
that case the project may have 
to be changed entirely, which 
make it important t hat 
tudents provide themselves 

with a back-up major in the 
event that MSP falls through . 

An MSP major consists of 

12-1~ upper division courses 
which demonstrate sufficient 
coherence. Most students at-
tempt MSP during their second 
or third year in college. 

MSPs have included novels, 
films, transport studies, un-
dersea engineering, music . and 
music history. 

Poetry aad Transportation 
One student became 

proficient in the Russian 
language and translated early 
20th Century Russian into her 
own poetry and that of the 
Russian poets. She made a 
literal translation of a poem 
word for word, then interpreted 
it with a prose narrative and 

finally created an English poem 
about the Russian poem. 

Another student involved 
himself with a feasibility design 
of alternative transpon systems. 
He wanted to find out if it was 
economically more feasible to 
use rail instead of truck tran-
sport for an Ariwna mining 
company. 

Currently, there are 20-25 
students involved with MSP. 
Approximately 8- IO of those 
will graduate this year. 

Ledden complimented the 
UCSD faculty for making MSP 
possible, saying "Without their 
support, the process won't 
work. " 

CalPIRG Wants Fee 
To Increase Potency 

by Brian Davis 
Starr Writer 

The California Public Interest Research Group (CaIPIRG) is 
hoping to incre~se its potency. as ~ student-led consumer advocacy 
group through mcreased fundtng In the form of a $1.50 automatic 
fee applied to all students attending a US campus that maintains a 
Ca lPIRG office. 

This fee, which has not been approved, would be refundable 
upon req uest. 

Through thi new funding method CalP IRG hopes to be able to 
a fford a profe sional lobbyist to work . for student and consumer 
interests in Sacramento. 

AI present, local CalPIRG dealings with Sacramento involve 
cost ly phone ca lls which they feel are less efficient or trips to the 
cap ital. 

The new funding sy tem would boost CaIPIRG's statewide 
inco.me to about $250,000 . At pre ent, the UCSD CalP IRG is 
hoping for about $5,000 in funds from the Student ooperative. 
The mandatory refundab le fee would nearly double that amount. 

Many Inve tigation 
CaIPIRG, while not endorsing candidate for office i con-

stantly im~ersed in investigations of a political nature. P ;oject in 
the San. Diego area have included political profiles, food price 
compa n ons at local stores, an investigation into nursing home 
practices, \~orking f?r pas. ag~ of a law to prevent gas vapor leaks 
a~ gas stallons and lOve ligation of funeral home prices a nd er-
Vices. 

CalPIRG, founded in 1972, i one of 22 stat e PIRG 's across the 
co unt ry. The organization is till expanding, and with the proposed 
fee, many new projects could be inaugurated. 

Chief among them .according to local members. would be an 
investigat ion of San Diego Gas and Eelctric to determine the effect 
of nat iona li za tion .1 

McGEORGE SCHOOL OF LAW 
UNIVERSITY 00 THE PACIFIC 
SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA 
May 1, 1976 is application deadline for fi rst-yea r stude nts 
seeking Juris Doctor degree in 3-year Day or 4-year 
Evening program beginning in September 1976. Accredited: American 
Bar Association. Member, Association of American Law Schools. 

PRE-LAW DISCUSSION FOR PROSPECTIVE LAW STUDENTS 
DATE: wednesday 

oClober 15, 1975 

FOR APPOI TMENT 

TIME: FROM 
1:00 PM 10 3:00 PM 

O R FURTHER INFORMATION 

PLACE: Call student info. for details 

Maxine Bail ey, Coord inator 
Career Planning and Placement 
Univers ily of Cal ifornia, Son Diego 

~********** ** **********t 
* * * * 
* * 
* * 
* * * ~ * 
* * : SANDWICHES-SALADS-JUICES-SMOOTHIES-AND : 
* HOMEMADE SOUPS DURINC THE WINTER MONTHS * 
* * : Our purpose is to serve high quality natural foods at fdir * 
* prices with fast and efficient service. : 
* DEL MAR * 
: PACIFIC BEACH 11 JO CAMiNO DEl MAR * 
: 16J1 CARNET AVE. 481-0164 ! 
: 270-0760 LA JOLLA * 
* 621 PURl ST. : 
** 4J9-J474 * 
: OPEN 11 AM TO 8 pM DAILY : 
* j ORdERS TO GO .••••••• cdl iN OR COME iN : 
: WATCh fOR OUR NEW OPENiNG iN ClAREMoNrlt ~*************.******** •• **ifr**.***.** ••• * •• **' 

Monday, October 13, 197~ 

•• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • • • • 
• • • .~~ 

~. 
'~e 

JETHRO TULL 
AUNSTREL IN THE GALLERY 

Includes the Title Single: 
Black Satin Dancer/ . 

i> ... 

.Tull Album 
on 

SALE 
$ 66 

Tapes $4.n 
s.Ie ends Wed., Oct. 22, 1915 

• 
• • 
• 
• 
• • • • • BLANK: 

TAPE: • • • • • • • • • 
• • • 
• 
• • 
• 
• 

PIuI: .. ~AII other 'lull LPs at our regular low prices NEWS: 
CADET - Standa 
the RilLA line since 1932 
Includes fiMSt Quality RIZLA Papers 

iNEWFROM i ~~~ 
• • • • • 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• • • • 
• 
• • • 
• 
• 
• • • 
• • • 

KINGSIZ~ 

LUXURY MODEl: - Highly polished ALUMINUM, 
pipers included. The perfect GIFT. 

.------------

--------. Introducing • 
The : 

BASF 
POliSHED FOR GREATER ClARITY 

Performance Series 
With BASF cassettes you 
get sound so clear and 
true. nothing comes 
between you and the 
musIc. You gellow·nolse. 
extended range tape for 

excepllonally clea r repro-
ducllon because I3ASF 
lape IS Irlerally polished to 
remove bumps and flQges 
Ihal cause background 
nOise 

Special Introductory Offer! 
- Cassettes -

2 for $198 
. regular $1.98 each 

-2 for 
regular $2.99 each 

$179 
- 8-Tracks 

for $189 
regular $2.19 each 

2 for 
regular $2.69 each 

• 
• 
• 
• • • • 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• • 
• • • • • • 
• 
• • 
• 
• • • 
• 
• • 
• • •• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

.. ~----------------~--------- . 
• c;REATER lOS AJtc;[l£S SAN DIEGO SAN FERNANDO VAllEY 
• lellllower 17401 Be llflower Blvd 8660955 P,clflc lelch 1321 Garnel Aveflu.e 2705150 Clnola Plrk 6559 Topanga Cyn Blvd 884 8234 

• 
• • • Dow"" 11 215 lakewood Blvd 8628414 ORANGE COUNTY [nClno t80~ 5 Ventura Blvd 9964330 

• 

Hollywood 8878 Sunsel Blvd 657 422 1 North HOllywood t 2802 Voctory Blvd O~ ,'MJ 
, lonl'elch 245 [ Filth Slreet 436 2739 Ar.lheim 621 W I IOcoln (714) 778 5898 Ruedl t8142 Sherman Way 996.6600 • 

• 

SatlIII'., t6807 Hawthornt Blvd .. Lawndale 3707277 Costa Mesa 1813 Newport Blvd (71 4) 645 0566 
Torrance 3822 Sepulvtda Blvd 3755400 Gardtn Grove 12122 Bloakhurst (71 4) 636 8080 SAN GABRIEL VALLEY • 

• West l.A. 11876 Wilshire Blvd 477. 7400 ~"ta Ani 121 2 South Bro~lol (71 4) 545 5269 West Covin. 1008 G.rve, Avenue 962 9 8 • 

• • ~.~ .• , ........... , •.•• , ••.•••••••.••• , .••.•••••.•..•.•.••.•...••. 
• • .' • I I • I . . .. I • • •• ~ • t I • f • '. • " t · ... • • 



WHAT'S ON:I0/13~10/19 
• rlioll il n1(~ 

Any IVlntln 01' tuound thl UC &In Dilgo community is IUg/bl, 
for inclusion in WHA T'S ON. . 

Pkase w, 1M style lind /ormal you SIt b,low for submissions. 
Turn thlm in ,ith" 10 th, stud,nt clnt" by -I pm Thursday, or 10 

th, Triton Tim,s by -I pm Friday. 

Monday 
7 am -- Praclice for t he men' wimteam begins. [ f intere ted call 452-4032 or contact 

Coach Becker in the gym office. 
am -- Seminar. Mr. Lloyd Allen Regier on "Observations of the Power and 

Directiona[ Spectrum of Oceanic Surface Wave ." 2145 Ritter Hall, Scripps [ntitution 
of Oceanography. 

Noon-5 pm -- Art Elthibit in the Mandeville Art Gallery. A recre~ltion of a rural 
IIlincis cemetery -- Crab Orchard Cemetery by 10 Hanson, through October 26. 

1 pm -- Meeting. Christian prayer meeting. Student center lounge conference room . 
Every day through Friday. . 

1 pm -- Seminar. Dr. Fred Fi her, "Acoustic Ab orption in the Ocean." 307 Vaughn 
Hall, Scripps Institute of Oceanography. . 

4 pm -- Athletic Event. The Women's Volleyball Team ver us Mesa College. 
Recreation Gym, UCSD. . 

4 pm -- Meeting. Union of Jewish Students. Student organization conference room, 
student center. 

4 pm -- Continuation of varsity and JV intercollegiate ba ketballtry-outs. Contact 
Coach Cunningham before participating. 

4 pm -- Meeting of the UJS Conference room, student center. 
4 pm -- Meeting of sports officials and po itive attitude con ultants organization. 

North conference room, student center. A new club has been formed for all s part~ 
official and those who would like to [earn . Everyone welcome. 

6 pm -- Meeting of the dance-dri ll team. All interested in performing please attend. 
Recreation gym conference room. 

6:30 pm -- Freshman Orientation Seminar sponsored by the Trident Chri tian 
Fellowship , HL 1160. 

6:30 pm -- Meeting of Student Cooperative. North conference room, student center. 
7:30 pm -- Orientation Meeting. Trident Christian Fellowship. H.L. 1160 and H .L. 

1166 and USB 3030A. 
7:30 pm -- Meeting of all tran cendenta[ meditators. Group meditation. Revelle 

for mal lounge. 
7:30 pm -- Seminar on Basic Christianity: "A New Beginning in Christ," at 

University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shore Dr. , led by Lutheran Campus 
Pastor John Huber. All welcome. 

8 pm -- Folk Dance. Israeli folk dancing in the conference room of the rec gym. 

Tuesday 
10 am -- Workshop: For individuals desiring to improve their ocia[ interacion ski ll s, 

H ugh Pates Ph. D. leader Revelle Cou nselors Office X3490. 
II :30 am -- MEETING of the Fourth College Program Board, Matthews Rec 

Center, 7 1 I MC. 
12:00 pm -- Meeting. S. I.M .S. Lecture. North Conference Room , Student Center. 
4 pm -- Meeting of all var ity ba ketball players in the PE classroom . Contact Coach 

Cunningham if unable to attend. 
4 pm -- DISCUSSION by Dr. Gary Fro t, Fourth College Dean. Topic: Impact of 

Women's Movement on the New Male Role. Matthews Rec Center, 711 MC. 
6 pm -- Continuation of var ity and JV intercollegiate basketball try-outs. Contact 

Coach Cunningham before participating. 
7 pm -- Meeting. UCSD Students for TDm Hayden . Lounge Conference Room , 

Student Center. . 
7 pm -- Seminar. "Counseling The Woman Who Has Never Married." Extension 

spo nsored. semin~r with Dr . Virginia Rogers Van Coevering, a noted clinical 
psychologiSt. Fee IS $10. For more information: 452-3147. La Jolla Village Inn . 

7 pm -- Meeting. S. I.M .S. Lecture. A.P.M . 2313. 
7 pm -- Meeting. Student Educationa[ Change Center. Game Conference Room, 

Student Center. . 
7 pm -- General meefing of the Asian American Student Alliance (AASA) . 

Upcoming Agbayani Village Trip and Dance will be di cussed. Important. New 
member welcome. Blake Co nference Room . 

7 pm -- Meeting. Science Fiction and Fantasy Club. North Conference Room, 
Student Center. 

7:30 pm -- cripture / Prayer service by Catholic Chaplain Bernie ampbell at 
University-Community Church. ' 

8 pm -- Dramatic Reading. Burges Meredith and Charles Lloyd perform "Visions of 
Power," a st unning marriage of the dramatic and the musical of the " non-ordinary" 
world of the sorcerer Don Juan Matus and his so metimes reluctant apprentice, Carlos 

a tenada. General Admi sion is $4.50; Admi ion for U SO students is $3.00. 
Mandeville Auditorium. 

WHAT'S ON editor: Wendy Eagle 

Wednesday 
lOam -- Meeting of the Fourth College Career Planning Committee. 302 MC. 
12 Noon -- FA'umenical Bible, Prayer and Discussion group, Formal Lounge, Revelle 

College, led by Office of Religious Affairs chaplains, open to everyone. • 
NOON -- Bake Sales for the benefit of the Tom Hayden US Senate champaign. 

Donations welcome. For info call Karen 452-4535. Muir Commons and Revelle Plaza. 
12:30 pm -- Meet your Provost. Are things going well? Or are there difficulties or 

problems which you would [ike to discuss? Get together with Dr. Joseph Watson, 
Provost of Third College, in the North Conference Room of the Student Center. • 

I pm -- Law School Information Meeting. Group affair for those interested in 
McGeorge Schoo[ of Law. More info from Career Planning and Placement. 412 Me 
conference room. 

2 pm -- Law School Information Meeting. See I pm. 
2 om -- Lecture bv Professor Niels A. Lassen. M.D., Deoartment of C[inical 

Physiology, Bispebjerg Hospital, Denmark, on Studies of Peripheral Circulation. 2100 
BSB, Matthews Campus . 

3 to 5 pm -- Clinic: For couples or individuals seeking information or counsetmg on 
exual matters . Leaders; Dr. Judith Jorgensen and Hugh Pates. Revelle Counselors 

Office X3490. . 
3 om -- A th[etic EVelit. The Soccer Team versus Southern California College at 

Southern California College. 
3 pm -- Meeting. Steering Committee of the Student Cooperative. Student 

Organizations Conference Room , Student Center. 
4 pm -- Lecture . Dr. Paul A. Price, Department of Bio[ogy, UCSD, will speak on 

"The .Di covery of a Nove[ Protein in Calcified Tissues: Its Isolation, Struct.ure, and 
Function." Room 2[05, Bonner Hall. 

4 pm -- Athletic Event. The Women's Volleyball Team versus Palomar College. 
Recreation Gym, UCSD. . 

6:30 pm -- MEETING of the Fourth College Residence Hall Board, Matthews Rec 
Center, 711 Me. 

7 pm -- Pot-Luck Dinner sponsored by the Gay Student's Association, Revelle 
formal lounge. All new members welcome. 

7 pm -- Meeting of the Latter Day Saints. LDS In titute Bldg. 9527 La Jolla Farms 
Road, La Jolla. _ 

7 pm -- Meeting, Students Active Toward Community Health (SA TCH). Revelle 
informal lounge . 

7 pm -- Seminar. "Counseling The Woman Who Is Separated Or Divorced." An 
extension sponsored seminar with Dr. Virginia Rogers Van Coevering, a noted clinical 
p. ychologist. The seminar will continue on Thursday at 7 pm. Fee i $10 each day . For 
more information: 452-3417. La Jolla Village Inn. 

7:30 pm -- Meeting. Trident Christian Fellowship. North Conference Room, Student 
en ter. 
S pm·- Film. "The Fixer", ponsored by The Union of Jewish Students. YSD 2622. 

The Bicycle Shop -- II 
by Fred Boatright 
UCSD Bike Shop 

lasl week we ,alked aboul the 
mechanisms Ihal make Ihe bicycle go .. 
This week, we will discuss whal makes you 
stop, emphasizing some common 
problems that we encounler 01 the shop. 

Brakes perform a negalive funclion. On 
a bicycle, Ihey are conslanlly being 
depended upon to stop and slow you 
down. While on automobiles Ihere are 
olher mechanisms Ihal help you 
decelero!e, on bikes Ihere is nothing bUI 
Ihe brakes. So proper core and moin-
lenance is essenlial. 

Working on brakes is easy ·- adjuslments 
can be made wilh simple lools, like pliers 
and a small crescenl wrench. 

One of the f irst signs of maladjusted 
brakes is when the broke levers can be 

squeezed flush wilh Ihe handlebars, and 
insufficient braking occurs. This could be 
caused by one of Iwo Ihings, or even bOlh. 

First , check the brake pods and see how 
much Ihe have worn. If there is half of Ihe 
original pod left. replace them . Bul if al 
least 1/ 4" shows, then you need to adjust 
the coble. In other words, toke up some of 
the slack in the coble . 

When you replace Ihe pods, keep Ihis in 
mind: you should alwa.ys place Ihe pod 
wilh Ihe closed end of Ihe block facing in 
Ihe direction of Ihe roloting wheel. If you 
don'I, Ih. firsl lime you Iry your brakes, Ihe 
pods moy"came righl off Ihe holders. 

If you are inlerested, Ihe Bicycle Club 
will hold maintenance sessions during Ihe 
quarter so you qm see how iI's done. 

ursday 
am - 4:30 pm -- Graduate School Information. WOODROW WILSON S HOOL 

RTMENT OF PUBLIC AFFAIRS AND PUBLIC ADM[NISTRAT[ON: 
tments necessary; sign-ups at Career Planning& Placement ,. Rm [5 ,4 12 M.C. 

-- Meeting. UCSD Baha'i Association . Anyone interested in information 
Student center, downstairs conference room. 

-- Social Analr. The Black Students' Union. North Conference Room, 
Center. . 
pm -- Seminar. Dr. M.N.A. Peter on will review The Deep Sea Drilling 

and Di sclose Scientific and Engineering Plans for The [nternational Program 
ing of D.S.D.P. Sumner Auditorium, Scripps In titute of Oceanography. 

pm -- Organizational Meeting. First meeting of the Test Anxiety Work hop. 
gned for individuals who suffer from anxiety at test time in a way that impair their 
Iy to perform up to their academic capability. Group leaders are Larry Hedge and 

Pates. Call Yolanda Garcia extension 3490 to sign up. The workshop will take 
in the coun elor's office, Revelle Provo t's Office. 

-- eminar. Dr. Michae[ Sarntheim, University of Kiel, \\ill speak on : "Western 
Bay Sedimentation: Influence of De ert Climate and Upwelling. " 307 Vaughn 

I, Scripp Institute of Oceanography. 
pm -- Ath[etic Event. Field Hockey Team versus U.S. I.U., Muir Field, U SO. 
pm -- Athletic Event. Water Polo Team ver u Cal Poly., San Lui Obispo, Cal 

San Luis Obispo, Calif. 
-- MEI<:TlNG of the Fourth College FORUM to make appointment and elect 

Matthews Rec Center, 71 I Me. 
pm -- Athletic Event. Badminton Team versus Grossmont College. Gross mont 

EI Cajon, Calif. 
pm -- Meeting of the Muir Outing Club. APM 2402. 
pm .- Meeting concerning the formation of a bowling league. Rec Conference 

pm -- Meeting of the Triton Wargaming Society. Tioga Hall rm. 102. 
pm -- Meeting of the ski club. Membership regi tration $5. Fi[ms will be shown and 
information available. HL 1402. 

-- Meeting of EAB, a social and service organization. Student organizations 
room, st udent center. All interested please attend . 

MEETING of CALPIRG at the Matthews Rec Center, 711 Me. Sign-up and 

pm -- Meeting. S.I.M .S. Lecture. Humanities Library Auditorium. 

riday 
I am -- Representative from the UCSF Dental School. 412 Matthews campus, 

rOOI11 17 . 
am _. Meeting. Intern 's Meeting . Student Organizations Conference Room 
~~~. ' 
am -- Seminar. Japanese F[ower Arranging. I nternational Center. 

~m - noon -- taw School Information Meeting, room 15,4[2 Matthews ampu. 
Info at Career Planning & Placement. 

-- C~ncert. EDNA ponsor the appearance of W. B. Reed, Ragtime Guitari t 
Fes ttva l favorite. No admi sion charge. Front Gym steps. 

pm -~ tecture -- ~r. Eliot Herman, Bio[ogy Department, UCSD, will speak 
DynamiC Changes mthe Ultrastructure of Dinoflagellate Chloroplasts ." 307 

Hall, Scripps [nstitute of Oceanography. 
. ~ pm -- eminar. "So It's Pancreatic Cancer What Then?" Lieb Amphitheatre 
pual of Scripps Clinic. ' 
m -- Clinic: for individu~[s desiring information or counseling on the use or abuse 

. 1'1:011'01 . Leaders: Kathy Naive and Hugh Pates, Revelle Counselors Office X3490. 
-- tecture by Prof. Dr: K .. Messmer, ~rofessor of Surgery, Institute for 

Surgery of the Umverslty of MUlllch on HemodilutiOn and Oxygen 
a snor •. Basic Science Building room 2100, Matthews Campus. 

pm -- Athletic Event. Water Polo Team versus U.e. Berke[ey's Junior Varsity 
.c. Berke[ey, Calif. 

pm -- Athletic Event. Women' Volleyball Team versus P.oint Loma College. 
Lorna College, San Diego, Calif. 
prfi _. "OVER 21" Fourth students meeting, Matthews Rec Center 71 I ~C 
ments. ' , 

pm ~- Discussion on the political situations in Spain and Greece sponsored by the 
lonal Club at the I nternational Center. Chee e and wine wi II be served. 
e welcome. 
-- Polluck Dinner sponsored by the Aikido club. For info: EDNA or Renee 
(X4039) . Everyone welcome. 
-- Polluck Dinner spon ored by 

.- Meeting of the Campus Crusade for Chri t. Windsor Commons. 
-- Seminar. "Dealinl! wi th the Crisis of Widowhood." An extension soonsored 

ar w~ th Dr .. Virginia Rogers Van Coevering, a noted clinical sychologist. The 
ar Will contmue on Saturday morning at 9 am. Fee each day IS $10. ror more 

: 452-3417. La Jolla Village Inn . 
-- Athletic Event. Water Polo Team ver us San Francisco State Univer ity. 
·r~nf' ,.,'~ State Univer ity, San Francisco, Calif. 
Opm and 10 pm - Film. "Chinatown." Directed by Roman Polanski and starring 

unaway and Jack Nicholas. Admission is S 1.00. USB 2722. 
--.A rt Elthibilion. An exhibition entitled "African Heritage. " The exhibition 

of hand woven and hand painted textile, and African jewelry created from 
an llque companets. The hours of the exhibition are Friday 8-10 pm, Saturday 

lOam - 4 pm. Gallery Eight, [nternational Center. 
. Show. An e~hib~~ion of both men' and women's clothing assembled 

n Heritage, ~td., Nairobi s P~n-African Gallery. Tickets may be obtained by 
$5.00 donat!on to Gallery Eight, [nternational Center, UCSD or by calling 

Procc~ds WIll go towards an International Student Scholar hip Fund. The 
ow wtll be at the UCSD Theatre. 

. Pill . -- Concert. Jo e Fe[iciano, Contemporary Fo[k / Rock Compo er and 
f5t Wi ll appear in this Campu Program Board spon ored event. Admi sion i 
Or U D students; $5 .50 for general admi ion. UCSD Gym. 

Today's photo contest winner is Yukari Starke of the 
Department of Linguistics. The Triton Times will pay $3 
for photos used in this space. Bring your submissions 
to the office by 4 pm Friday for consideration. 

Saturday 
I pm -- Athletic Event . Soccer Team versus Cali fornia Bapti st College. alifornia 

Bapti t ollege. . 
3 pm -- Athletic Event. Water Polo Team ver us Calirornia State College at 

Hayward. Cal. State Hayward, Hayward alif. 
6 pm -- Dance. Dance on Revelle Plaza. pon ored by Revelle College . Band to be 

announced . 
7 pm -- Athletic Event. Women's Volleyball Team ver u Bar tow ommunity 

College, Barstow, Calif. 
7:30 pm & 10 pm -- Fi[m. "Mer.chant of Four Seasons": The story of the relations 

between the member of a family in Munich. A German film directed by Rainer Werner 
Fassbinser. Admiss ion is $1 .00. Mandeville Auditorium . 

T . B.A Workshop. Assertiveness Training for Women . This program is co- pon ored 
by Coun eling and Psycho[ogical Services and The Women's Center. Inte rested women 
hou[d_call to re erve space as group size are limited . Group leaders are Betty Bahne 

and members of the Counseling and Psychological ervice taff. Call Becca, extension 
3755, to ign up and for more information. 

Sunday 
10:30 am -- Workshop. Catholic Student Mass. North Conference Room, tudent 

enter. 
3 pm _. Meeting. Chess lub Meeting. Lounge Conference Room , Student Center. 
6 pm -- Dinner. Friends International Pot Luck ' to celebrate nited Nation Week. 

Sponsored by Foreign Wive Group. Everybody brings a native di h; entertainment: 
call Sheila Macdougall, Chairwoman, for re ervation and di h to bring, 454-8694. The 
dinner will take place in the [nternational Center. 

7 pm -- Meeting. Meeting of tho e intere ted in playing bridge in order to do o. 
North Dining Hall , Revelle afeteria. 

.7:.30 pm -- Meeting. Meeting of tho e intere ted in receiving bridge Ie sons. orth 
Dtnlng Hall , Revelle afeteria . 

Worship for Students and Stafr at Univer ity- ommunity hurch: 
atholic - 8:30 am and 5 pm 

Lut heran - lOam 
pi scopal - 12:30 pm 

[ I: 15 am - Vice- haneellor Paul altman peaks on " I ever Promi ed You a Ro. e 
Garden" ("The Meaning of the Univer ity"), at niver ity- ommunit Church 
lounge. 

7 pm, " Free Will in onver ion, " Icd by Mark eh Ie at the Inthl'ran . wdl'nt 
fellowship, Univer it -Communit hur ' h. 



Orchestra Announces Season 

This year'l La Jolla Chamber OrcHest ... leal~n will feature pianilt Grant Johannelen (left). 
The "dlelt ... il under the baton of Peter Erol (fight). 

by Daniel Shawler 
Ans Editor 

The La Jolla Chamber Orchestra has an-
nounced it chedule for the \975 -76 c.oncert 
ea on under the baton of new M uS!(: Director 

Peter Ero (also of the San Diego Symphony) .. 
Grant Johannesen wil! be the featu red so lOist 

for the opening concert on October 17 and 18 , 
performing Bach's "F minor Concerto" and 
Mozart's "Concerto No. 24 in C minor, K. 
491." Known as the ideal interpreter of t.he 
masters, Johannesen has secured a~ I~­
ternational stature of the highest order dUring hiS 
di tinguished career which spans a quarter of a 
century. ' '11 

In addition to the concertos, Maestro Ero WI 
conduct the orchestra in Stravinsky's " Dan e . 
Consertantes" and Haydn's" 'Mercury' Sym-
phony ." . . 

Soprano Judith Rask m, M~tr~poillan Ope~a 
star will be the featured solOist In the season s sec~nd concert on December 19 and 20. Her 
Performance will include a v~riet~ of sea onal 

~electi ons from the work of VI.valdl and Ha.nde,1. 
omplcting the program Will be Re plghl ~ 

.• ntique Danze Ariae" and Mozart's "Sym-
phony in A Major, K. 201." 

A concert on January 30 and 31 will welcome 
gue. t conductor Piero Gamba, of the Winnepeg 

ymphony, an international per o~age whose 
career started at age nine and h.a~ IIlce placed 
him on the podium of more tha.n 120 of t~e 
world's Icading ensembles. Celli t Nathal1lcl 
Roen st udent of Gregor Piatagorshky, will be 
Ihc f~atured soloist performi ng Tchaikovsky' 
" Rococo Variations" for cello and orche tra. 

I, African Heritage' on 

The program will ellso include Beethoven' 
Symphr y No . I _ . 

The eerie s Juilliard String Quartet Will 
perfor' a recital on February 12 an~ .13, 
presen illig two different progran:t of mUSical 
greatness . Their first program Will feature t~e 
works of Haydn, Stravinsky and Schubert, while 
the second will feature those of Schonberg, 
Dvorak and Haydn . . 

A second recital for the ea on Will feature the 
excit ing talent of the world's "first famil y ?f 
guitar," the Romeros Quartet. The ~omeros wl.1I 
ore ent an evening of earlv musIc with allt.hen"c 
instruments on March 25, an.d an ~vel1lng of 
cia ical, flamenco, and Spamsh gUllar March 
26. . 

The la~t event of the sea. on will be a concert 
featuring the brilliant Dutch oboei t, Han I:?e 
Vries, in his first San Djego appearance. He Will 
perform concertos by Marcello and Mozart. The 
Bartok "Divertimento for tring Orchestra" and 
the .. oncerto Gros 0" by Hellendaal will 
complete the evening. 

In addition to the regular sea on' , concert, a 
\pccial concert will be offered at a di. count to 
eric. Ticket subscribers on ovem ber 22. Vasso 

Devetzi, internationally famou s Greek pianist, 
who has been described as "virtuall y perfect" by 
Donald Dierk ., of the 'an Di ego Union, will 
perform in on ly her second San Diego ap-
peara nce. . 

ccou~tica ll v excellent · Sherwood Hall III the 
l.a Jolla Mu se um of Contemporary Art is the site 
for all thc!!C concert ~. Performance time is 8 pm . 
ti cket s to lhe~e evenl s are $5 for studellls, with a 
\\Ib~ta nli al ~avings for a Series Ticket. 

Exhibit at Gallery 8 
Gallery 8, located in the 

International Cemer is planning 
a special sale and exhibition 
entitled II African Heritage," 
October 17 through 19. Hou r 
for the three-day event will be: 
Friday from 8 pm- IO pm, 
Saturday and Sunday fro m 10 

tique component. Coming to 
La Jolla with the 1975 co llection 
will be Mr . Dono an and 
Kenyan model Inman, 
described by Eugenia Sheppard 
in the New York Po t as the 
most beautiful girl in the world. 

Marshall field and Co. in 
Chicago_ Directly prior to the 
Gallery 8 exhibition, African 
Heritage works will be featured 
at a benefit show of the new 
Southern California Folk . Art 
Museum, formerly The Egg and 
The Eye, in Los Angeles . Other 
shows will follow in Sweden, 
Denmark, and Norway. 

am-4pm. 
Highlight of the exhibition 

will be an exciting fashion show 
of both men's and women's 
clothing assembled by African 
Heritage Ltd ., Nairobi's Pan-
African gallery . It was started 
two years ago by the former 
Vice-President and Foreign 
Mini ster of Kenya, Mr. Joseph 
Murumbi , aT d Mr . Alan 
Donova n. 

The co llecticn of clothing to 
be shown at allery 8 is 
comprised of hand-pain ted and 
hand-woven te (ti j e~ gathered in 
more than a dozen African 
countrie . The African jewelry 
i created from lauthentic an-

The fashion show will be held 
on October 17, at 8 pm, at the 
UCSD Theatre . Ticket s may be 
obtained by calling 452-3732. 
Proceeds from the show will go . 
towards an international 
st udent scho larship fund . 
Following the fash ion show, 
there will be a reception in the 
International Ce nt er and 
viewing of African jewelry and 
crafts. The exhibition will 
continue the remainder of the 
week-end . 

Similar shows of works from 
African Heritage Ltd., of 
Nairobi, Kenya, have proven to 
be ellUI mOl,~ I!'- ~tJecessful at 
Neiman-Marcus Galleries and 

Gallery 8 is a craft shop run 
by volunteers to benefit UC-

D's International enter. One 
of the Gallery's main purpose5 
is to further international 
understanding through the 
knowledge of craft s. Thi it tries 
10 do by pon oring periodic 
exhibit s , work hops, and 
leclures, as well as by displaying 
for sale high-quality imported 
and domestic handcraft, both 
for personal and home use. 
Gallery 8 is open Tue day 
through Saturday , from II am 
to 3 pm . 

r---- ------illC·I~-------------l 
I OCIOIEI SPECIALI '1 
I 25$ OFF ANY LARGE SUNI)AE ! I MADE BY YOU WITH OUR TOPPINGS I 
I ~~ I 
I OINK'S ICE CREAM PARLOR 1'~~':~ ____ 1 L __________________________ _ 

Monday, October 13, 197~ 

San Dieguito Little Theatre 
To Open with Simon Musical 

The San Dieguito Little Theatre' new, eason promi. es to be an 
exciting one, sparkling with the skills of tour ~alented directors and 
highlighted by the . group's first presentation of a Broadway 
mu ical. . S· '''Th G od The season opener on Oct. 18 is Nell Imon s e 0 
Doctor" directed by Bill Bruce. Simon has take.n several short 
stories by Anton Chekhov and with his unique c~mlc touch, !urned 
them into a delightfut mixture of pre-revolutionary Rus la and 
twentieth century Broadway. This is the fourth how Bruc~ has 
directed for SDL T, and his production of "Wh~' s Afraid of 
Virginia Woolf?" earned the award for best producllon of the 73-
74 season . 

Pulitzer prize-winning playwright Edward Albee wrote ~he 
second show of the season, "Everything in the Garden," whl~h 
opens Nov. 22. The atirical comedy i a par.abl~ of. false values 10 
which a respectable housewife take up prostitution 10 order to buy 
a greenhouse. Director of thl show Will be R~n Ray, who ha~ been 
an actor, teacher and director on the San Diego stage for fifteen 
year. . ,. d f d s I' S 

"The Mousetrap," Agatha Christie s eerie come yo ml!r er. , 
Ihe play with the world's longest run, having no~ mo.ved mto It ~ 
23rd sea on in London. It will open under the dlrec~lOn of ~adle 
Lou Tieri who directed the award winning production of The 
Crucible" last sea on. ' .. . I 

The clo ing how whieh opens April 10 IS the Broadway muslca 
"Man of La Mancha ." The director has not yet been announ~ed 
for thi s mu ical toast to Don Quixote, the dreamer of the Im-
possible dream.. . . '11 

Despit e ri sing productIOn cost , the sea on sub crlpllon rates WI 
be the sa me as last year: individual adults ' ~IO; student $~ .OO 
Tickets at the door remain the same for the ftr st three show. $3 
and $1.50. However seats for La Mancha will be $4 and $2. 
Therefore a season ticket can save adults $3.00 and .tudent $1 .50. 

A season subscription, in addition to gua~a~~eemg a . ea.t, ~Iso 
includes the quarterly publication ".Greasepalnt an~ an mVl1at~on 
10 the Preview Performance and Dinner held the Friday precedtng 
opening night. 

Casteneda to be 
Interpreted Musically 

The wntlngs of Carlos 
Castaneda, whose ao-
prentice hip to the Yaqui 
Indian sorcerer don Juan led to 
a perception-shattering journey 
toward a ' "separate reality," 
will be interpreted at 8 pm 
tomorrow in the Mandeville 
Auditorium by jazz com-
po er/ flutist Charles Lloyd and 
actor Burge Meredith . 

Ca taneda's inner vision, the 
mental pyrotechnic he wit-
nes ed and learned to 
reproduce, at first with the aid 
of and later without 
hallucinogenic drugs, first 
brought Lloyd and Meredith 
together about a year ago, when 
they discovered their shared zeal 
for the American's account of 
hi voyages. 

"Vi ions of Power," the 
Lloyd-Meredith interpretation, 
i a wedding of the con-
templative and the mad, in-
terweaving the revelations , the 
terror and the ecstasy of 
Ca taneda's bewildering plunge 
into the " non-ordinary" world 
of don Juan Matus. 

Three other dramatic 
presentations will combine with 
"Visions of Power" to make up 
the drama series for the year 
being offered by the Campus 
Program Board . They include 
"Electra," written by Robert 
Montgomery and directed by 
Joseph Chaikin on January 18; 
"Walk Together with hildre~" a One-woman how 
of speeches, poems and prose of 

BEER 

black Americans by Vinie 
Burrows on February 20; and 
the Mummenschanz Swiss 
Mimemask Theatre on April 4. 

Drama series tickets are $9 
for UCSD students and $14 for 
general admission. .. 

Tickets for "VIsions of 
Power" are $3 for UCSD 
students and $4.50 for general 
ad miss ion. They are available 
at the UCSD box office . 

LJ Orchestra 
To Beg~n 
KPBS Series 

The La Jolla Chamber 
Orchestra, under ,the direction 
of Peter Eros, has been selected 
by KPBS TV, Channel 15 , to be 
the premiere feature in . its 
award-winning San Diego 
Showcase series for 1975-76. 

To be aired in November, the 
Showcase will feature chamber · 
music selections, and informal, 
intimate conver ation with 
Peter Eros, conductor, Dr. 
Henry Kolar, concert-master, 
and a small ensemble of other 
art ists from the orche tra. 

The musical portions of the 
program will be taped at 
Sherwood Hall, the orche tra's 
home auditorium . La Jolla's 
cashore and environ s will 

provide a variety of ceRic 
Continued on Page 12 

WINE 
RAVIOLI 

MANICOTTI SALADS SANDWICHES VEAL 
Phone: 481-9888 

Italian Delicatessen & Restaurant 
1011 Camino del Mar. 

MONDAY NIGHT 
"SPECIAL" 

Del Mar, Ca. 92104 

Spaghetti , Salod & Gorloc Bread $1 .25 

Pi tcher 01 Beer - 99 cents 
I, Litre 1 W ine - 99 cen" 

I' " ... 

HOURS 
Sot -5-12 pm 
Sun-5-11 pm 
Mon·5-11 pm 

Tues- ll - 11 pm 
Wed-ll - 1 I film 
Thurs- ll · ll pm 

Fn- 11 - 12-pm 

Monday, October 13, 197~ 

Coop Meet. 
The Student Center Board of 

Authority (BOA) proposal and 
relations with the Triton Times 
will be the- major topics of 
discussion at tonight's meeting 
of the Student Cooperative at 
6:30 in the first floor conference 
room of the student center. 

The BOA proposal calls for a 
group of students to act as the 
decision makers for the Student 
Center instead of Mark Book-
man, director of the student 
center and his advisory com-
mittee. This issue has stirred a 
great deal of interest as this 
would be the first time students 
would be in a decision-making 
capacity rather than their usual 
advisory function. 

Further controversy may 
arise if Vice Chancellor and 
Dean of Student Affairs George 
Murphy's office does reject the 
proposal as Mark Bookman 
suggested it would at last week's 
Coop meeting, thus leaving the 
Coop to discuss strategies to 
gai n implementation of the 
BOA. 

Solutions and further idea 
on the problem of relations with 
the Triton Times will be 
discussed . In addition the new 

t udent Acti vi ties Coordinator 
will be introduced. 

Graduate Student 
Council 

The Graduate Student 
Council held a meeting Friday 
afte rnoon to make committee 
appointments. 

Don Strebel and Kirstie 
Bellman were chosen to sit on 
the Graduate Council. 
Officially, two graduate 
students have sat on this 
co mmittee for the last five years 
as an experiment. The GSC is 
attempting to make the two 
seats permanent this year. 

Rob Hoffman was selected to 
sit on the Academic Senate 
Committee and Mike Elcan, as 
chairperson of the GSC, will sit 
on the Program Review 
Committee. Joe Rogers was 
reappointed to the post he held 
las t year as a member of the 
External A ffairs Committee, 
and as UCSD's grad student 
re pre entative on the UC 
Student Body President 's 
Council. 

Aluminum Recycled 
Pound of aluminum can be 

exchanged for money at the 
orth County Ecology Center. 
.. Donations" of aluminum 

will help make up for recent 
cutbacks in the county budget 
which cost the Ecology Center 
39070 of its funding. 

With enough donations of 
recyclable cans, the North 
County Ecology Center hopes 
to be able to continue to operate 
for at least a year. 

The Center encourages 
people who eat and drink out of 
aluminum cans to remember 
th at the energy invested in the 
production of aluminum . 
con tained items can be u ect 
over again by recycling that 
con tainer. 

The North County Ecology 
Center Aluminum Recycling 
Box i located at 367 N. Hwy 
10 1, Solana Beach . All day, all 
night drop off in front of the 
building. 

Associated Fellowship 
Program Openings 

Applit:ations are being ac-
cepted for the 1976-77 
As 'embly Fe\l()wship Proaram. 

s emblyman Bob Wil on (D-

La Mesa) announced last 
Tuesday. 

"The Fellowship provides an 
eleven-month working 
education in the Assembly for 
recent college graduates from 
all fields of study," Wilson 
said. 

Working in both district and 
Capitol offices, the Fellows 
research legislation and assist in 
committee business. Wages are 
$764 a month. 

Ten Fellows will be assigned 
to staff positions with members 
of the Assembly for five months 
followed by six months with 
Assembly Committees . 

The Fellowship begins 
August 2, 1976 and concludes 
June 30,1977. 

Applications may be obtained 
by writing to the California 
Assembly Fellowship Program, 
cl o Political Science Depart-
ment, University of California 
at Riverside, Riverside, Ca 
92502. 

National 
Photography Contest 

A national photography 
contest and exhibition will be 
sponsored by the University of 

Akron's Edwin J. Thomas Arts 
Association. 

It will be a competitive, juried 
s how com m e m 0 rat i n'~ 
America's Bicentennial by 
joining the photographic art 
with music, dance and drama. 

Amateur photographer of 
renown Irving J. Olon is 
chairman of a blue-ribbon 
committee charged with 
finalizing contest details and the 
selection of judges. Judges will 
be Arthur Rothstein, associate 
director of Parade Magazine, 
Arthur Goldsmith, editorial 
director of Popular 
Photography , and Irving 
De for , Associated Press photo 
columnist. 

Substantial prizes will be 
awarded winners in various 
categories and the grand prize 
will be a fully paid Caribbean 
cruise for two. Plans _call for 
three categories: black and 
white prints, color prints, and 
color slides . There will be a $3 
entry fee for each entry of one 
to three prints or slides. 

Entries are invited from 
photographers nationwide for 
submission by February 1976, 
and exhibition is scheduled for 
April 1976 at the University of 
Akron. 

Contest applications are 
available through the Edwin J. 
Thomas Performing Arts Hall , 
The University of Akron, 
Akron, Oh 44325. 

Torrey Pines 0IIk:e 
8939 Villa La Jolla Drive 

Page nine 

* NOTicE5* 
Color Blind Subjec,s Needed 

We need color blind subjects 
for visi on experiments which are 
about to begin. We will pay you 
to be initaill y tested and will g ive 
you the results of your color vision 
tests with no obl igat ion. If you are 
Ihe type of color blind person that 
we are looking for, you can earn 
$2 per hour by par1icipating in 
vision experiments which can 
edend oller 0 period of many 
weeks, if you choose. If in-
teresled, please call xJq24, or 
stop by B566 in bUilding 2C' . 

Del Mar students interesled in 
registeri ng 10 vote or in helping 10 
organize for the November 25th 
Del Mar General Plan eleclion 
please contact Loren Kaye (755-
2724) or Tom Shepard (755-31 49 ). 
Help keep siudents in Del Marl 

Writing Clinic 
If you hOlle difficulty getting 

your ideas down on poper or you 
simply wont to improlle your 
wriling skills, Ihe Wr il ing Clinic 
can assist you. The Writ ing Clinic 

is not a closs, but a free service. 
Writing Advice is offered on a 
one-to-one basis on course 
papers, job applicalions, 
resumes , proposals , scholarly 
arlicles -- whatever the need. If 
we can assist you in any way, 
please come to 1254 Humanities 
library, or call ext. 2522. 

The Third College Academic 
Adllis ing Staff is sponsoring CHAT 
SESSIONS on the follOWing dates: 
Monday, October 13, Wed-
nesday, October 22, Tuesday, 
October 28, and Thursday , 
November 6. Place : MC 412. 
Room 11 . Time: 3:00 p .m. 

Appl ications are now being 
accepted at Ihe Muir Prollost 
Office for those studenls in-
lerested in participat ing in the 
Darlmouth E.change Program 
winler quarter, 1976. The 
deadline for f iling applicat ions is 
October 24, 1976. For more in-
formation regard ing the Dart-
mouth Exchange Program please 
see Kay Reynolds in Ihe Mu ir 
Provost office. 

, 



Paaeten 

SpOJ~ts Notebook 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

Not All Smiles 
Basketball coach Barry Cunningham'S smile isn't as bright as 

usual these days. 
Some basketball biggies, Clifton Martin , Payton Calloway, Eric 

Walker, and Gary Dodson were expected to come to UC San Diego 
this year and lead the Tritons into the promised land. Alas, little 
things like grades for some and other schools for the rest have 
gotten in the way, and they won't be around this season. 

Adding to the misery, JV center Dave Elliott transferred to 
Humbolt State, and guard Mike Hart went home, so the Tritons 
would appear to be left somewhat short. Not really, according to 
Cunningham, who says, " We'll be fine . We won't have a tall team, 
so we'll have to press a lot and work hard, but we'll be O.K." 

Cunningham sti ll expects the returnees from last year, plus orne 
additions: Scott Hall, chosen third team AII-CIF from La Puente 
High, Peter Volk, picked third team All-City from L.A. Poly, and 
four junior college transfers, Bart Bradley, Ken Melvin, Lee 
Gardner, and Mark Dobransky .... 

What is a cockswain (Rhymes with oxen)? Crew coach Jack 
Vallerga informed me that a cockswain is a person weighing under 
120 pound , who sets the tempo fo r his teammates in ~ crew race . It 
seems that Vallerga needs more of these, along with some ad-
ditional freshmen and women, for his four weight and sex divided 
squads. The teams practice at Mis ion Bay, and information can be 
acquired at the Intercollegiate Office.... . 

" I'll live, " said sophomore Dave Horwitt, after he had become 
the worst injury victim in the history of UCSD intramural floor 
hockey. Five stitche above the left eye were required , along with 
valiant medical efforts to fi x Horwiu's broken nose minutes after 
his face met a high hockey stick Tuesday night. Kirk Ro binson, 
head of the noor hockey leagues. sa id that "For such a rough 
'iport, we've been very lucy. It was only the third injury in three 
years, and by far the worst .. .. 

Looking into the future .... . My heart is rooti ng for Boston , but 
my mind, \ hich usually wins, says it'll be Cincinnati over the Red 

ox in ~ix games .... 
S a ketball 's mo t famous libera l, Bill Walton. brings the BA's 

Portl and Trailblazer to thc Sports Arena to meet the ABA San 
Diego Sails Wedn esday night. Inter-league games are still a ra rit y, 
so this exhibition should be exciti ng . Parking is now free for Sails 
ga mes, and cheapie sca ts are only $3 .... 

Continued on Page 12 

......... ·.11111'8 

Tritions 
Down 
pee, 3-0 

by Soon Sadll 
Staff Writer 

In sometimes skillful, often 
ragged but always dominating 
fashion, the UC San Diego 
soccer team remained un-
defeated in league play by 
downing Pacific Christian 
College, 3-0, Saturday af-
ternoon. 

The match was much more 
or!esided than the score in-
dicates, as the Tritons con-
tro lled the play and tempo of 
the game throughout its en-
tirety. Rarely did the ball leave 
UCSD's end of the field. Yet 
the Triton's inability to execute 
one of the fundamental 
requisites of winning soccer --
putting the ball into the goal --
kept them from scoring for 
most of the firs t half. 

At times, in fact, it looked as 
if the players were attempting 
football-like field goals as 

<;ontinued on Page 12 

Monday, October 13, 197~ 

A UeSD fllhl hockey playor, in "e .hlte top, tries to get Ity 
three Palo.r defenclen Thursda,. (n Photo: Nathan Meyen) 

Field Hockey, In Need 
Of Players, Loses, 5-1 

by Cary Thompson 
Staff Writer 

The women's field hockey 
team, desperately in need of 
more players, lost here last 
Thursday. The final score was 
5-1 in favor of Palomar Junior 
College. 

UC San Diego coach Ann 
Dietle said" Anyone interested 

",It! 

in playing should contact me in 
the gym offices." Practices are 
held Monday, Wednesday and 
Friday from 3 to 5 pm on the 
Muir field. 

"Even though practices are 
important we know that 
conflicts with classes are 
unavoidable, " said Diede. "If 
you can make the games on 
Tuesday and Thursday come 
out and have a good time." 

The Tritons fought Palomar 
to a standoff in the first half. 
UCSD controlled the game for a 
.Iarge portion of the first half 
with tenacious play by Evelyn 
Barata and Melba Dubose. 
Robin Halliger cored for the 
Tritons to make it I-I at the end 
of the fi rst hal f. This appeared 
remarkable as the Tritons 
played with two fewer players 
the whole game. 

Un~eaten UCSD, in white, controls the ball against Pacific 
Christian Saturday. (n Photo: Nathan Meyers) 

In the second half, Palomar 
brought in the subs and a tired 
UCSD team gave up four goals 
in the econd half. All the 
Triton women played well. 
" Palomar played well, but we 

<.:ontinued on Page 12 

I T RiYON TiMES CLAssiFiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates 

Classifieds should either be printed or typed on a 3"x 5" card 
(available in Triton Times office). They may be submitted 
anytime between 9 and noon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The following rates are for 100 spaces - if you use more 
spaces, the rate will double. ( l(Xl spaces - .25,; 101 to 200 - . 50~ ). 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads : students - .25t 

nonstudents - $1 
Deadlines : 5 pm Friday for Monday; 5 pm Monday for 

Wednesday ; 5 pm Wednesday for Friday. 
Announcements: free . All announcements will run in the 

Monday calendar. Deadline for calendar : 5 pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections to listings in the Schedule of 

Classes for regular University courses will be charged $1. ) 

WANTEd 
Need extra cosh? PaYing lOp dollar for your 
U.S. SiI.er coins minted before 1965. Ken 
453-7924. (11/26) 

Your b ig chancel NO(f1en 18-25. Ballet 
doncers, gymnosts twins, mother & 
daughter 3-7 are n .. edtd for photography 
in fL magazine. :O~IOCI Jill 299-3433. 
Graph.c ideas 3100 51f, Ave . S D. 92103 
(l Oll S) 

Wonled : People w it, a y type of ,olen, 10 
perform 01 UCSD's 5 & Ime Coffee House 
Call ~53-8957 (Niro) or 452-~675 (9·5) 
Corky. (10/ 17) 

Revell e needs to a point compuswide 
committee members -- opply for Com-
mUnications 800rt.l, Adv is Comm on 
Sludenl fee programs, hOUSing & food 

ser~ices. booksto,e Advis Comm, Comm. 
on Educollonol policy and more . 
Applicofions 01 Commut.r Cen.ar for 
coll ege dean. Deadline Oct. 17(10/ 17) 

Wonted: .. maleL Asstd colors Prefer 
weallhy & intelligeni. 20 plus yr aids. Must 
be w ilhng 10 feed (~) and educole (I) 
Prefer BMW, Aud l, CaPri , PorKhe, 
Appll cohon. ava ilable ~52-0704 M-Sol 
7 ~Spm-8 -m(IO/13). 

A ride needed up to the Boy area the 
week-end of Oct 18th. Shore exoenses. 
Call Lisa ~52-O773 (10/ 13) 

housiNG 
Join the fun. Pt . lorna Tennis Club can· 
dom iniums I & 2 Bdrm $23,900·$32,900. 
Pool , jacuzzi , $Dunas, eJitercise rms, 4 lit 
tennis courts, security guards. Key Realty 
222-0464 or 22~ -0667 (10/31) 

Roommate wonled. 19 2 Bd furn opt. in 
OM near beach, tennis, off Crml Vly Rd. 
SI 12.5O. Call Glenn 755-5686 (10/1 7 ) 

Needed: M roommale $85/ mo. Shore apl 
w llh 2 o lhers. Call 755-5786 or come by 
2515 Camino Del Mar (10/13) 

Roommate needed · m or F. large condo In 
SCriPPS Ranch. Own Room, qUIel. 2M & F 
$81.00 plus Ul. Cor pret. Own phone op. 
lionol. 15 mlnules from campus. Imm"d. 
occupancy. Phon aher 5 pm wkdoys. 566· 
TlO~ . (10/13) 

Housemole wanted - PB. 2 yards, furn.sh d 
10 min 10 UCSO; $72.50 plus ull l , waler 

_paid 7740738 (101131 

Need I F for 2 bed. Opl. in Del Ntor 10 shore 
w / same. Rent : $1 27.50 mo. Fully fur-
n ished, ocean view. pool, I blk 10 beach. 
Ground level (non-smoker) (prefer ar-
listic/crealive person). Stop by ~5 
Slratfard Ct 18 10/ 13 only aHer 8:30 pm. 
(10/ 13) 

• SERVICES 
Tune ups, brakes m i nor repa ir , oil change, 
etc. M Ike ~88-0873 (10122) 

flUTE LESSONS - ClaSSical Inslruchon by 
dxperienced flut isl - beg inners as we ll as 
advanced students we lcome. Develop 
tone, techn ique, & musical interpretation. 
Call Leonard Fenlon at 452-9208 (10120) 

Spend less and be beller dressed. Lad ie. 
ready· ,o-weor. BJ 's Resole. 243 N. Hwy 
101 Solano Beach. 75S-0558 (10/13) 

Are you adopled? S .. ek ing nolurol 
porenls? 232-6510 or P.O. 33272 SD 92103. 
(1 0/ 31 ) 

Workshop. TBA In old mosIer preporolions 
& lechnlques. Draw ing poste l, oil s. sllillif .. 
& li fe . Bill, 436·0709 (Il l S) . 

Personal ized Christmas Cards: A w ide 
variety from very contemporary to very 
Irodil ionol Order early & sov .. bOlh money 
and footwork. 453·0387. (l0/ 13) 

Blues Harmonica lessons. 272·8532. 
(10/1 3 ) 

People mo~ers . Mo~lng advice and 
assistance. Very reasonable . Call Jeff 272-
3078 (11 / 26 ) 

Piano lesson. by New England Con-
servolory Grad. B.MuSic M. Ar .. A ll levels 
469·0852 (10/ 13) 

THE WOOD DOVE - A Gourmet NOlurol 
Foods Restaurant, recently opened in 
Solano Beach, 150 Acacia (ne,t 10 Another 
Bird). Open 11 · 11 . Dinner from 5-1 0. 
Special offer: Fruit Smoolhle, 45 cenls, OCI. 
IS-No • . IS. Tel 75S-5810. 

fOR SALE 
Calculators all HP and TI models. Cheaper 
than bookslore 3 day delivery. Cheap 
Calculator Co. 800 952·5252. Mon·Fri 9-5 
(3/ 10176) 

NC CD 1668. Akai C5330. Dealers cost. 
Brand new, I changed my mind. Cal l ~53-
9.:l9 Dave (10/ 17) 

6'10" Sunset Board leash & Bog Inc. Very 
good cond o Just $60. Colt early. Roberl273-
3448 (10/ 13) 

Cadallic wheels AK-73. I'll trade my classic 
and rare wheels for your wheels and 
trucks. Colt ~53-0924 . (10/13) 

Azuki Mens 10-speed. like new. Org. $185. 
sell for $135. 755-8467 (1 0/ 13) 

Tandberg Tope Deck Reel to reel 8 yrs. old. 
Org $700, ask $200. 755-8~7 (10/ 13) 

Solel- Turquoise Jewelery 01 WHOLESALE 
Pr ices. While supply lasl$. Call 453-5671. 
Askfor Fred (10/ 13) 

Yamaha guilor FG 300 Custom neck. 
Excellent condo $1751 75!i-S467 (10/ 13 ) 

SCUBAI U.S. Dlv .... tank & other equip-
ment, cheap I 729-5849 or see Rick 01 pool, 
3-5 weekdays (10113) 

Eilon John OCI. 25 Concert . Two tlckels for 
original pric .. of 21 doltors. Call 755·8701 
oHer 5 pm (10/13) 

Driftwood - good for crofts and macrame. 
Call Sharon 5eO·00~ "ve •. (10/ 13) 

(10/13) 

LOST It fOlJNd 
lost: Brown Jacket In the HL Bui lding. 
Relurn to TT office. (10/13) 

lost - MIT 73·Closs Ring - Relurn 10 Sludenl 
affa irs office, Med School $10 reward. 
(10/ 13) 

Phonetic book losl in Hl Aud. on 1019175. 
If found bring 10 Triton Times office (10113) 

Blanco Portilla. Your wallel is at Ihe 
campus pal ice station. (l0 / 13) , 

Found: Pa ir of prescript ion glosses in Moth 
4B. Contact : R. Oberndorf 5856 2A' or exl . 
3590(10/ 13) 

Colculalor found on st .. ps 10 USB-Claim in 
IT off,ju. (10/ 13) 

Have los I a btue cloth raincoal at Tioga 
Hall . if found pl .. ase return 10 campus 
pol ice. (10/ 13) 

Anyon .. find a copper leaf shaped earring 
wilh a medium burnl orange stan ... PI .. ase 
return M . Cox. Rev. Dean (10/ 13) 

.PERSONAL 
Cool Bense: To my best fr iend (male). 
Happy 19th, k .... p il up and stay cool. KeVin 
(lOl l 3) 

92s.. Excellent: Beam booml Snow in Oct? 
Jump along w ith GI (Excellenl, excellenl). 
The "ladles" upstairs (10/13) 

Templelon would you be Inleresled In 
g ivi ng me a lour of Mu i Tues. next week? 
Breolhlessly goosebumps l (10/ 13) 

Happy 

(10/ 13) 

b irthday COlhy . 
You've g iven me 

The Be.t Time. 
Of My life 

love Always, Alan 

TRAVEL 
ssw Travel Ofltee . on comDUS charter 
fl ights . Xmas NY '209 . Inti Studehl 10 • 

Mazollon - $139 - .,C UCSO Internalional 
Cenler ~52-0630 II am 4 pm 
M on,Wed.Fro only (l012~) 

Monday, October 13, 197~ 

,. 

A, phbne call. A simple, 
ten-cent phone call for a cab could 
save your friend's life. 

If your friend has been 
drinking too much, he shouldn't 
be driving. 

. The automobile crash is the 
number one cause of death of people 
your age. And the ironic t~ing is 

, . I 

• rl'oll .1 n1('S 

that the drunk drivers responsible 
for killing young people are most 
often other young people. 

Take a minute. Spend a 
dime. Call a cab. That's all.1f you 
can't do that, drive him yourself. 
Or let him sleep on your couch. 

We're not asking you to be 
a doctor or a cop. Just a' friend, 

I t • , .. , 

, 

Page eleven 

r:------------ r 
I DRUNK DRIVER, DEPT. y* BOX 2345 I 
I ROCKVILLE, MARYLAND 20852 I 
/1 want to save a friend 's life. I 
I Tel~ me ~hat else I can do. I My name lS _______ -:-::-=:-:--__ __=_ 
I Address I 
I City State_ Zip I L ___________ ....J 

.. 



Paaetwelve 

Marco L. Mandri, Coop uternal affain statewWe coordinator, 
chaired Friday '. SIPC lII" tina. (n Phot.,: Tad Sperry) 

SBPC ••• 
joined by the other members 
who had voted against the 
closed session in boycotting the 
closed sessions. . 

This left virtually half of the 
SBPC in one room, in "closed 
session," and the other half in 
another room, in "open 
session," leaving both groups 
without a quorum. 

Soto ... 

This impasse lasted ap-
proximately 45 minutes, when 
the members in "open session" 
decided that a continuation of 
the boycott would let "Neil 
Moran get off free." Once 
again UCSD students were 
polled. chey favored breaking 
the deadlock and so the closed 
ses ion was met. 

to the wind that evening as he proceeded to interview himself. This 
wa clearly a oreaktnrougn In campaIgn nIstory oecause not only 
could he chao e his ,own questions, but he could be hi s own straight 
man. 

But alas, we houldnlt dwell too much in the pa t. Sometimes it 
is necessary to look at a per on's sense of humor. Johnson and 
Kennedy had a certain wit about them. The polit ics of boredom 
nee,d not be given in thi system of govern ment. 

KPBS ... 
background. 

The San Diego Showcase 
which is produced by Gloria 
Penner, with the assistance of 
Maureen Shiftan, was a two 
time Emmy Award-winner last 
season for its production 
MCC •.• 
Caren Nielsen 

"Troposhere" which featured 
the San Diego Ballet. 

The La Jolla Chamber 
Orchestra "Showcase," as yet 
untitled, will be directed by 
Ryall Wilson, and is to be 
funded by a grant from the 
California Arts Commi sion. 

Muir i our home as well a our chool. It has a lot to offer, and 
a tudents we shou ld capitalize on its benefits. I'd like to help my 
peers enjoy Muir as much as possib le. 

~ f, I were on the Muir College Council I would voice your 
opInIons and try to find olutions to anything bothering you: 
meeting people, the cafeteria, quiet tudy places, weekend life TAs 
and ections, classes -- these th ing often cause problems for fresh-
men . Your vote for me would be a vote for someone who will work 
hard at making these things bett er and your life happier at Muir. 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DlEGO 

PRO Ll}<'E LEAGUE 
Phone &83-LIFE 24 hrs 

Free counseling, study room 
and speakers 

Hockey ... 
might have won with the regular 
number of players," said an 
injured Karen Miller. "Last 
week we had to forfeit to San 
Diego State when I was hurt and 
another girl had to leave for 
class. " 

PSAtells · 
UC anDlegoto 
blitz oft . ~~:~~ 

... 

~ J J ~I 

'-.-"'1::_ '!) 

~" Headed for northern 
,''' CalifOrnia (or LA , Burbank, Long BeaCh, 

29tiilleS 
a day. 

" .. ' Ontario)? Call your campus rep or PSA and 
.. - - - - - - - - tell them you want to buzz off. PSA gives you a lift. 

Soccer ••• 
countless shots flew over, but 
not into the goal. Finally, late in 
the first half, Steve Cardona 
took a pass from lairo Marin 
and drove the ball past the 
completely faked-out pec 
goalie for Triton's lone first-
half score. 

The second half of play was 
again all UCSD. Yet, more 
erratic shooting and some 
unnecessary over-dribblinjZ held 
down the Triton's scoring. It 
was not until Alfonso Gonzales 
scored two quick goals, one 
short, the other a long range 
kick, that UCSD ~as able to put 
the game away. 

PCC's main offensive at-
tempts came on a few second 
half break-away strikes, but all 
of their shots were easily 
handled by UCSD goalie Joe 
Wettstein. PCC's only other 
threat of the game came from 
one of their forwards who, 
obviously disturbed by the 
aggressive play of Triton 
Fernando Padilla took a swing 
at both Fernando and one of the 
referees. 

UCSD probably lost the 
services of reserve halfback 
Gary Wick for the season when 
he took a hard fall while at-
tempting to gain control of a 
loose ball during the second half 
action. Wick suffered what 
appeared to be a broken 
collarbone from the fall. He 
was taken by ambulance to the 

Urey ... 
nor rationally-conducted 
, tudies de igrted to provide such 
evidence. 

"Living beings are' 
tremendously complicated 
things," says Urey. "Astrology 
seems to provide some easy , 
answers to understanding them. 
There are a great many human 
activities that can't be described 
scienti fically, but we keep 
learning new facts that are 
valuable. " 

Urey has worked in space-
related areas, most notably as 
one of the scienti ts allowed to 
study rocks returned from the 
Moon during one of the Apollo 
missions. He 'has also served as 
a consultant to NASA for many 
of its space missions, and has 
theorized about the com-
position of the solar sy~lem and 
the origin of life both on earth 
and elsewhere. 

About the effects of the stars 
on humans proposed by 
astrologists, Urey says, "Why, 
this tab le exerts the same sort of 
pull on you that a star would." 

Brueckner ... 
significant evidence for most of 
the charges, but the committee 
was extremely cautious about 
drawing any meaningful 
conclusion from this evidence. 
In es ence, they assigned the 
guilt, but not the responsibility. 

The committee, in fact, 
avoided entirely the) sue of 
accountability for the in-
tructional re ponsibilities of a 

profe or. Beyond a strange and 
omewhat trained conception 

of "willful mi conduct," the 
report does not concern itself 
with di cipline for abuses of 
profes orial privilege. It does 
indict the e abuses and the 
re ulting violations of student' 
educational rights . However, 
thi i coupled with an implicit 
admission that there is nothing 
that the University is willin 
do to guarantee or enforce t 
right. 

In the sections of thi 
commentary, which follow, I 
will fir t direct myself to orne 
of the pecific charge again t 
Brueckner and then to the more 
general implications and 
conclu ions o( the repon. 

hospital for treatment. 
Having defeated Azusa 

Pacific, 3-1, earlier last week, 
UCSD now st,!nds 2-0 in league 
competition. Of course, it is sti II 
too early to predict how the 
Tritons will fare in their 
remaining contests, bu't they 

GSU ••• 
and parliamentary bickering. 

Strike Timing 
Debate agai n centered on the 

timi ng of 'a strike, whether to 
get soon or wait for further 
preparation. ' 

A small but vocal group 
wanted to follow the latter path. 
This group appeared in control 
early in the meeting as a motion 
was passed directing the 
Steering Committee to contact 
the SD Labor Council and 
report back to the full mem-
bership, without taking further 
action. 

Anot her early motion 
directed the Steeril1& Committee 
to take advantage of what one 
member called "free legal help" 
to explore the ramifications of 
becoming an official labor 
union. 

Both motions wer.e negated 
by the later SOC motion. 

Then, nearing the close of the 
meeting, Tom Lewis rose with 
the three-week wait motion that 
seemed to satisfy both factions, 
as it passed virtually ' without 
opposition. 

Monday, October 13, 1975 

have shown that when ' a11 their 
players shQw up, they have the 
talent necessary for a very 
successful club. Whether a 
championship is po sibly in the 
offing will depend on how well 
this talent molds into a cohesive 
unit. 

Following that; Jim 
Kavanagh passed out sheets of 
paper with both that motion, 
and his own, proposing the 
SOC. 

Official Contact Lost 
Some members questioned 

the step of formal unionization, 
asking if that would cause them 
to lose official contact with the 
administration and free use of 
University facilities. (As an 
official union, the GSU would 
deal with the Personnel Office 
rather than the administration.) 

To the latter fear it was 
suggested that the GSU could 
put a clause . in its contract 
allowing free use of an 
University meeting hall. 

To t he former, one 
prominent member commented 
that "Losing the right to talk to 
(Chancellor) McElroy isn't all 
that bad." 

Meanwhile the GSU has been 
attempting to determine its total 
membership and degree of 
support among grad student . 
All departments a;e being 
polled. 

Although no departments 
have reported back, the "in-
formal feeling" is that 400-500 
grad students support the GSU. 

Basketball coach Barry Cunningham (n Photo: Paul Jarvis) 

Notebook ..• 
Relief may soon come for the trampled Chargers--the tough part 

of their home schedule is over. Pittsburgh, Oakland, and Los 
Angeles have come and gone, so now San Diego gets to ho t the 
likes of Houston and Kansas City. The Chargers take on the Chief~ 
at home Sunday, and though the fans won't see as many big tars 
for awhile, it should be easier for San Diego to core a point or 
two .... 

Hamburger .•• 
The e are the basoplIlI "'''''''' white cells found in the circulatory 
sys tem, arid in the mast cells found in tiss-ues. 

Although it is impo sible to rid one's self of natural allergie , 
there are pre ently three way of controlling allergic reactions: the 
use of marketable medications which control ba ic allergic reac-
tions, such as brand name anti-hi tamine ; immunotherapy, which 
is prutection against allergies by forming antibodies, uch a polio 
vaccines; or simply keeping away from the cause of the allergic 
reactions to which one may be sen itive. 

In many cases, people can grow out of allergies recognized at an 
ear ly age. It is more likely, however, that allergic reaction only 
would Ie en in degree after adole cence. 

Everyone Ha IgE 
Although there are orne people who have no allergies, everyone 
\~i ll ha Ig in. their sys tem. People with multi-allergic reaction 
clther have a hIgher degree of these protein, po se geneti dif-
ference which develop their high reactabilit y, or are expo ed to too 
many elements in their natural environment. 

According to Hamburger, people should neither di regard bad 
reaction nor hould they overact in their prevention. The mo t 
helpful thing to a reactant is a po itive emotional respon e to hi 
needs, a opposed to fanatical faith heals or u e of cure-all 
medication, Hamburger aid . 

People with allergic reaction hould "keep their body and mind in 
the best physical and p ychological condition po ible, he tated. 

After thc lecture and noor que tions, everal member of the 
audience tayed to speak per onally with the member of a panel of 
e pert . Their remark dealt with per onal allergy problem of 
eczema, food allergie , and a thmatic conditions. 

The e people a ked Hamburger for information and advice on 
'>olvi.ng their problem, and were excited about hi prospect for a 
vacc ll1e . 

Joining Hamburger to an wer noor que "tion were hancellor 
M Iroy, a bio-chemi t; lifford Grob lein, biologi t and Vice-

hancellor; Dr. Robert Reed; and Dr. Eli Meltzer. 
Reed and Meltzer have both ~en a si ling Hamburger in hi 

rei GCfrm" a Qci~e cI;"ipal "rofe ~ors of immltlnology and allergy. 


