
Administrators' High 
Salaries Criticized 

Governor Brown questioned 
the need for what he says are high 
salaries paid to administrators of 
California's higher education 
system at meetings of both the 
Board of Regents and the 'State 
Un iversity Trustees last month . 

to be paid to UC President-
designate David S. Saxon . Brown, 
who voted for Saxon for UC 
president , said he voted against 
his salary. Saxon's salary of 
$59,000 exceeds that of the 
Governor by $10,000. 

In addition, at the monthly 
meeting last of the State 
Un iversity's Board of Trustees, 

M""." M4~1J 31, 197J 

University Financial Support 
Declined in 1973-1974 

Finan c ial aid provided by 
Un i vers ity-controlled sources 
declined from 1972-73 to 1973-74, 
according to a top UC official. 

Test Urged 

UC Vice-pres,i dent for paid off . In 1973-74, the total had 
risen to 46 percent. 

The 1975-76 budget proposed 
by Governor Brown will increase 
the money for the EO,P in the At the last meeting of the 

Regents, Brown asked the Board 
why university administrators 
receive more money than state 
executive officers. The governor 
criticized the University for 
paying the new director of the UC 
Davis Hospital, Robert B. Smith, 
more money than the California 
Secretary of Health receives . 

the Governor questioned the V • 
wisdom of paying adminis~rators .L' or LIteracy 
more than professors. Salaries for 

University Relations Robert L. 
Johnson, speaking before the 
Board of Regents earlier this 
month, said, that 1,297 fewer 
students received aid from 
university sources last year than 
in the previous year. 1.8 million 
less was spent on UC financial 
aid . 

The governor said th at 
un iversity personnel should be 
setting an example for the public 
by serving out of a sense of duty 
rather than for financial rewards . 

Snon's ~I~ry Criticized 
Brown also criticized the salary 

professors at a State Un iv.ersity 
reaches S27,000 while the salaries 
for administrators go con-
siderably higher. 

Brown, whose appearance at 
the Trustees meeting extended it 
three hours longer than it was 
scheduled, said that he believed 
the State University's purpose was 
to teach but that the salary scales 
didn't reflect that . 

Coop to Discuss Spring 
Referendum, Activiti.es $ 

by J~mes G. Soto 
City editor 

The UC San Diego Student 
Cooperative will elect a new 
Budget Resources Group (BRG) 
coordinator and discuss the 
upcoming referendum on the 

Doug Wallace, one of the five 
nominees placed befor~ the 
Coop tonight for BRG Coor-
dinator. The other candidates 
are Alex Annala, Gina Capalbo, 
Tom Tanana, and Barbara 
Weintruab. 

vo luntary campus activity fee 
tonight at 6:30 pm at the tudent 
cen ter . 

The BRG coordinator election 

was to have been held at the last 
Coop meeting of the winter 
quarter, but the Coop postponed 
it when only two candidates 
appeared for the election . 
Nominated for the position in this 
election are: Alex Annala, Gina 
Capalbo, Tom Tanana, Doug 
Wallace, and Barbara Weintraub. 

The post of BRG coordinator 
became vacant late last quarter 
when Rudy Luque resigned . 

Activity Fee Referendum 
The Coop will also discuss the 

Referendum election code and 
ballot for the upcoming student 
referendum on a proposal to 
make the S6 campus activity fee 
voluntary. 

Tom Tanana, chairman of the 
UCSD Young Americans for 
Freedom, gathered 780 signitures 
on a petition last quarter to place 
the proposal on the referendum 
ballot. The election, according to 
Tanana, was originally to be held 
at the end of last quarter, but now 
the measure will be placed before 
UCSD students sometime in the 
middle of this quarter. 

At the Coop meeting tonight, 
Tanana plans to protest the 
change in wording on the 
measure that YAF proposed on 
their petition . Tanana said that 
the new measure, drawn up by a 
Coop committee and the 

Continued on Page J 

I · Get a Job I 
It has been our underst~nding th~t the Fourth Est~te is in vogue 

these d~ys, though our staff rolls as yet hne not indic~ted the trend. 
Maybe irs the we~ther. 

In ~ny cue, the Triton Times announces the following openings on 
its st~ff: copy editor, science writer, two copy re~ders ~nd two 
production ulist~nt positions, and, ~s ~Iw~ys, newswriters ~nd ~d 
salespeople. 

The copy editor and the science writer must have prior joumalistic 
ellperienc:e, while nperience for the other positions, tho .... desirable, 
is not required. 

The INIY is awful, but the experience and the enjoymetlt involwd in 
wbtkina on a school paper in ....... CaMI (not all cues I makes up for it. 

Refer,,, .... for the listed poIitiom must be obtained at the student 
employment office, 210 Me. The Triton Times i. located in 117 Bla.e 
Hiliion Revelle. 

ThOle in ...... ed in the positions of science writer or news/future 
writers ...... Id .ttend the news meetina today at 5 pm or tomorrow at 
noon. loth meeti .... are the n office. If you are unable to attend 
~ither IMelint, contact either J ...... G. Solo or ChaMs Heimler In the 
office 

Claiming too many UC 
students are not meeting national 
competency standards, the AII-
Un iversity Faculty Conference 
meeting at Davis last week, has 
proposed that reading and writing 
tests for all sophomores be 
required before they can advan .:e 
to the junior level. 

The conference , bringing 
together faculty leaders from all 
nine UC campuses, resolved to 
send their recommendation to UC 
President Charles Hitch . 

It was noted by various con-
ference members that half the 
students entering UC have 
substandard reading and com-
position skills requiring them to 
take remedial courses. Too many 
students, according to the 
conference, put off taking 
remedial courses until their senior 
year . 

Continued on P~ge 3 

Transfers 

Improved Administrations 
According to Johnson, the 1174 

fewer undergraduate students 
receiving aid was probably a 
result of improved adminstration 
of the financial aids offices. A 
decline in graduate awards was 
attributed to a reduction in 
federal support . 

The decline in UC financial aid, 
coming at a time of increased 
student demands for support, has 
partly been alleviated by the 
increase of Federal Insured Loans, 
more State Scholarships , a 
growing Educational Opportunity 
Program '(EOP) and increases in 
veterans and social security 
benefits . 

Johnson said that University 
financial aid is being directed 
more toward various grant 
programs. In 1972-73 38 percent 
of university aid was in the form 
of grants, which do not have to be 

Robert L. Johnson 

University by S 1.1 million . This 
increase, said Johnson , will aid in 
replacing some of the declining 
funds spent by the university for 
financial aid . 

More Leaving Than Corning 
by Sar~ J. Lowen 

Edltorlel dlr.ctor 
Statistics publ ished on in-

tercampus transfers for the fall of 
1974 indicate that the number of 
students who transferred from UC 
San Diego to other UC schools 
was twice that of students who 
transferred to UCSD from other 
UC schools. 

Last fall , 263 UCSD students 
transferred to other UC cam-
puses, out of 418 students who 
appl ied. In the same period, 129 
UC students transferred to UCSD, 
out of 216 who applied . 

Berkeley Most Popular 
In comparison with the other 

UC campuses, UCSD ranked fifth 
in the number of applications for 
transfers it received. UC Ber'keley 
received the most applications 
for transfer, followed by Los 
Angeles, Santa Barbara, Davis , 
San Diego, Santa Cruz. Irvine and 
Riverside. 

UCSD ranked third out otf eight 
UC campuses in the number of 
outgoing transfers it had . UCLA 
had the greatest number of 
outgoing transfers in the transfers 
in the UC system, followed by 
Santa Barbara, San Diego, Irvine, 
Berkeley, Davis, Santa Cruz and 
Riverside. 

According to Diane Martin , 
who processes intercam pu~ 
transfers at UCSD, "Berkeley and 
Davi s are the hardest campuses to 
transfer to at the moment-
Berkeley, because they're trying 
to cut enrollment, Davi , because 
the enrollment has reached its 
peak " 

Martin explained that several 

factors account for the wide 
disparity between the number ot 
students who apply to transfer to 
a school and the number who 
finally register. She said many 
students cancel their ap-
plications, many are redirected, 
and some refuse redirect ion . 

Reasons for Leaving 
Martin said that UCSD students 

transfer to other UC campuses for 

several rea!lOns. First. they are 
interested in a major or an 
orientation within a major that 
UCSD doesn't offer . Second, they 
have personal or financial reasons 
for transferring, such as wanting 
to attend a campus near their 
home. Third, they want to attend 
a campus that has more social life 
and is less competit i'/e than 
UCSD. 

3rd Unit One Set for January 
Work is i" progress on Third College Academic Unit One 

located between M"ir College a"d til" r_"",,,1 ",,;"/0"";1;' 
Library. According to University officials, conslnlct;o1l of the 
Academic U"it is on schedule. Construction of the resilie"ce 
halls, ched"Ied for completion at th~ beginni"g of the 1')i5 
Fall Quarter, has bee" slowed down somewhat by the heavy 
rai"s of the pa t two weeks. 

Because of the weather, re ide"ce halls may "ot be co",-
pletely fi"ished by "ext September. 



JohnH. Tayl 
EdltOf-In-c ..... 

SaraJ. Lowe 
EdItotWl dlNctOi 

Edward E. Simons 

~harles Heillllll' 
N_ .... 

James G. Solo 
City Editor 

Mark Woelber 

The Triton TimtSllellci.Uy fee '5 a campus news.,.per 
by the (ommun"u'_ Board 0 UCID, Unsianed editori.ls 
represent the vieWi 01 "e majority" fie six members of the 
editorial board, .lnd not the views of the University, the (omm 
Board, or the student body. 

(Approv.' Of JOhn H. Tevlo,.a edltor-In-chl .. la atlll p.ndlng In the Communlcatlona 
Boe,d.l 

Directions 
This issue of the Triton Times begins the newspaper 's twenty-

fifth qu~rter of publication .. Since its beginning eight years ago 
thiS. spnng as a . conservative answer [Q the radical newsraper 
IndIcator, the Twon Times has run the gambit of policicaper-
pective.' h~s en~ured . everal crises -- notably the furor 

surroundJng Irs Apnl F,?ol I sue a year ago t.his week -- and has 
become the longest urvlVtng srudent publtcatton at UC San Diego . 
~t al 0 this .quarter finds itself with a sizeable change of per onnel 
tn many of ItS departments. and with a new editor-in -chief. 

In hort. as. a. publication that is beginning to have a hi tory and 
a set of tradl[Jons . ansi (hat at the same time i experiencing 
changes in staff and in organization . we feel we need to take a 
clo e look at ourselves and our re p'?nsibilities . 

In the next ten weeks . there Will be more new of a ignificant 
nature than there bas been in one short period for quite a few 
ye ars . The University ?f California will begin ro negoriate with 
Governor Brown regarding a budget whose frugaitty has surprised 
many administrarors. and that has threatened many UCSD 
programs ; the selection process for the first student ro set on the 
~C Board of. Regents will begin , with the new Regent to take office 

~nJuly ; D!lvld S. Saxon. the UC president, will merit examination 
tn the: spring before he take over from r~tiring President Char,Ies 
J. Hitch ; the Student Cooperative Will face a campUS-Wide 
referendum to determine whether or not the students of UCSD 
want the Coop to allocate their tudent activity fee ; and the con-
troversies surrounding the University Towne Center and North 
City West will continue. 

We rec08nize that as the official student newspaper we must as 
our first pnority report news of campus and University events and 
trends . and to better serve these responsibilities we have 
reorganized our news department with the appointment of a 
campus news editor and a community editor. These two new areas 
of specialization will provide for more complete coverage and will 
relieve some of the burden on the city editor . who will be able to 
work more with feature stories. columns. and with general ad-
ministration of his department. We will also spruce up our 
coverage of news of student organization and of the graduate 

st~dent po.pulation· s concerns, w ith pecial reporter ap-
pointments tn these areas. 

OUF opinion rages will be the scene of strong and productive 
co nflict: '!Ie wil p:e ent our own viewpoi!1t.s on Mondays. and will 
present In each Issue a column of opinIOn written by everal 
regular commentators on a rorating basis. This , in addition to 
regular, o ne- hot opinion columns and letters to the editor. 

But most of all . we continue to need res pons ible input from the 
community we serve -- input for our letters section . for our opinion 
columns , and from students and STaff who want to work for the 
paper on a regular ba is . We are something of a training ground 
10 addition to a supplier of information . and as such we will mak~ 
m istakes . But when we do we will admit them. and we wi ll rectify 
them . 

And we will continue to work toward the exce llence in jour-
nalism that is so easy to recognize and so difficult to attain . 

Letters to the b;ditor 

Should UC Buy USIU Law School? 
In the March 14th edition of 

the Triton Times appears an 
article urging UCSD student 
support of the bill now in the 
Assembly to permit the state to 
purchase Cal Western Law School 
to be operated as a branch of 
Hastings College of Law. While I 
can understand the desire of 
students who may want to attend 
law school to pay the lower 
tuition available at a state in-
titl/tlon, I think that if the UCSD 

stude'1ts realiz the full impact of 
this bill, they would be inclined 
to oppose rather than support it . 

r or ome years now, the UC 
Board of Regents and UCSD have 
expressed an interest in 
establishing a law school at an 
appropriate time on the UCSD 
campus . This law chool would 
be planned to compliment 
existing strengths and would be 
co nsistent with long range 
developm nt of professional 
school at the UC campus. Last 
year, the Reagan administration, 
which had earlier opposed any 
new law school in California 
because 0 f the cost and lack of 
need , reversed itself and sup-
ported the establishment of a 
Hastings branch in San Diego 
because they thought it would 
preclude the eventual 
authorization of another law 
school for the University of 
California system . In other words, 
the politicians know that a 
Hastings law school in San Diego 
will prevent a UCSD law school or 
one on another University of 
California campus being 
established in the forseeable 

future . law school. With land available at 
In 1960, to avoid decisions the UCSD campus, a small size 

being made on a political basis, law school could be constructed 
the Legislature required that and operated in a quality manner 
before the acquisition of any site with little additional cost . 
for high education in California Contrary to the statement in 
be authorized that a recom- your article, the San Diego 
mendation be received from a County Bar Association did not 
state coordi nating commission . support the bill to acquire the Cal 
When this co mmission last We tern campus. The Board of 
con idered the matter , in 1973, Directors of the Bar Association 
they concllJded that there was no did, after indicating concern with 
rational basis for the establish- the proposed acquisition, endorse 
ment of a Hastings campus in San it in principle with the express 
Diego . Th proponents of the qualifications that they were not 
pre ent bill have not sought the agreeing that the purchase was 
advice of the current Post- feasible, at a lair price, or of high 
Secondary Education Com - priority in light of other needs for 
mission . If the elements which tate monies. In other words, it is 
have made for greatness in the nonsense to talk about investing 
Unlver ity of California system state money in a law school 
are to be maintained , this which is not needed while there 
Commi sion should be consu lted are c ritical needs for more 
on whether law school is need d , medical education facilities 
on whether it should in in San child care centers, and the like . ' 
Diego , and on whether, if it is to We at the University of San 
be in San Diego, It should be on Diego are not opposed to state 
the UCSD campus or at a support of legal education We 
downtown location operated by favor an expansion of the tat e 
Hast ings College of Law. I would cholarship program to permit 
hope that your students would poor, minority, or other disad-
endorse this partial plann i ng , vantaged students to attend the 
process and not return such law c hool of their chOice with 
deci ions to the political arena . tuition support from the state, 

The so-called bargain price of and would not be opposed to the 
acquiring Cal Western 's law type of law school that has been 
facility is an illusion . The building talked about for the UCSD 
will probably require substantial campus . We suggest that you 
renovation to meet fire codes and might lend your support to these 
tate standards , th.e library efforts and oppose the Hastings 

collection will have to be built up bill which would preclutle their 
at substantial cost, and ap- fulfi IIment. 
proximately another two million DONALD T. WECKSTEIN 
dollars will be required , initially, DEAN.UNIVERSITY OF SAN 
on an annual basis to operate the DIEGO SCHOOL OF LAW 

Cookie Prices and Various Sundry Injustices 
Why should " Pride-o -the 

Farm" cookies cost 35 cents at the 
bookstore. but only 30 cents at 
the Revelle Sundry Store? 
Likewise. a package of "Care 
Free" sugarless gum costs 15 
cent s at the bookstore. but 10 
cent s at Revelle . These are 
somewhat blatant examples of 
how the bookstore is ripping the 
students 0 ft . 

Why cannot credit be given for 
taki ng the First Aid co urses the PE 
department gives? Credit is g iven 
for F nci ng--someone told Int it 
was because one had to learn 
Xlme Fren ch words . and also for 
Ballet . In order to receive the Red 
Cross certificate of completion of 
the Standard First Aid course. one 
has to recall at least 80 percent of 

Tom Tanana 

a 2S3-page text . I would think 
some first aid knowledge would 
have more carry-over value than 
fencing or ballet . I hope whoever 
made this asinine deCision 
someday will be lying injured and 
bleeding while some junior 
d 'Artagnan jumps about gallantly 

' saying "engard! ". "Touche! ". and 
"Take that. you Turkey! " (in 
rrench. of course). and someone 
leap and twirls over his body . 

Lastly. but most importantly. 
my Incerest thanks to the 
HIOMED library for FI ALLY 
Instituting a non-smoking se tion 
like the S&E . and HL libraries 
have At la t , a little sanity and 
compas Ion has em rg d o n 
campus. 

DOUG HITESHEW 

Your Student Activity Fee Should Be Voluntary 
A new quarter has begun and it's sti ll fresh in 

everybody 's mind that it costs us $212 per quarte r to go 
here That 's a lot of mon y. 

The fee IS broken down in to 
four main cat gOrles $100 goes 
to th e state as the education fee 
and the rest IS allocated by the 
campus Of tl ,a t. $100 IS collected 
as th r gi str .. tion fee . $6 goes to 
pay the del ,t on the student 
center that IVa built where the 
trees once st Jod across from the 
gym . and the remaining $6 IS 
called th Cimpu ",-llvltles fee . 
It's ~ uppose( to upport campus l ammu 
activit les 

ampus a' tlvltles l What ampus activities? I've seen 
almost thref quarters slip by and I've seen hardl y any 
aC!lvlty at a'l I've also s n schools lik USD put on a 
tremendously s lIccessful speakers program with such 
inVited notorieties like the famous see r. Jeanne Dixon . 
thE' well-known am Ervin of Watergate fame, and the 
editor of America's best-known Conservative magazine , 
William r Buckley Jr I've seen San Diego State spon or 
su cessful con erts. fantastic plays . not d sp akers. and 
su cessful sports event s 

What 's happ ned her~? Why is it 50 dead at UCSDI 
[very undergraduate student has had to ch Ip in $6 to 
fund student a tlvities h r but where are the activities? 

P~ae 2 Triton Times M~rch 31.,1975 

With roughly 6500 undergraduate student s, we should 
have h ad roughly $39,000 a quarter to have some fun 
wit h . But we didn 't. Instead the money was handed ov r 
to ome wastrels who ca ll themse lves the "Co-op" and 
th ro ugh this name t ry to tell everyone. "Hey. we're the 
student Co-op . That means we're a ll together and we've 
got to get togeth er and cooperate !" 

Meanwhile. Co-op meetings are plagued by 
arguments . yelling. name ca llin g. walk-outs . 
resignations . an Imosity. j alousy. and tons of ac-
cusations wh r "Ism " of any kind vou can think of are 
thrown at one "Co-op" member by another . People have 
been driven away from the meetings because of a ll the 
haggling and b au e of the total lack of order (The 
Co-op doe n't ev n use Roberts Rules of Order. They say 
they don 't need them) 

Yet the Co-op insists on forcibly extracting money 
from us students and sPending it how they see fit~ 
Meanwhile. we have no oncerts. few speakers . no 
campus parties. hardly any good mov ies. and an a ute 
paucity of dances 

The Co-op stands with Its fi ts on its hips and ay . 
"Yes. but we tn d " But you've tri d with our money . In 
fact. you've tri d to th tune of some S78.000 of our 
money 

Th only solution is to stop the Co-op from m sSlOg 
around any mor than it already has We've got to sit 
down and accept the facts . The Co-op i n' t working. The 
Chancellor was wrong. Stop the Co-op from wasting our 

mo ney Stop all C~-op a llo ation of mon y. Most 
Importantly, top the $6 campu a tivities f e from 
being m.tndatory. G,V the tudent s the choi e to 
de.c ide if they want to say. " I don 't like the way you 're 
uSing my money." Make the campus activiti fee 
voluntary . After all . the $6 per quarter is the on ly part of 
our fee that IS s upposed to go tov-a rd our entE'rtainml'nt 

It's essent ia l we get more than we have now and it ' ~ 
crucial that we g t a better return than we're urrentlv 
gett ing $78.000 i a lot to pay for nothing 

Voluntary fee will put th Co-op in a unique position 
rhey won't be guaranteed your mon Y or my money to 
~quander . In order to get us to pay voluntarily. they' ll 
have to produce the servi ces we want. And YOLi can bet 
we'll get them . 

Like magic . we' II see .mor concerts. more parties, 
more dances. more movie . more speakers. more of 
what we want to be offered . And it will be because they 
know they won 't get anything from us if they don't 
produce anything we want . 

TM Triton Tim •. publlehed by the Communlc.tlo .. e 
Bo.,d Of UCSD • • p_,. on Mon.,a. Wed .... " and 
F,Ide.,. durin. the ,..uler .chool YMr le.c.,t on offlclel 
hoIIdaya'. Edhorlel .nd bu.l_ .......... located In 117 
Bleke Hall on the II ...... Collete c.mpua. l-. to the 
Editor ara welcom • • • nd ahould be typed on • "epee. II ... 
on noncp,,..IIt .. "_. l.n.,. ahould be conclN •• nd the 
Triton TIm .. _ the rleht to edit ... b ........... beow .. 
Of a_a IImltlltl_ or ely" ...... Irernente. 

For edlt ... l. oeM 4I2~; for ..... 1_ .nd .d-
...., ... m.nte. call_-a., 

Pitch In! 
Co lleges and univerSities 

throughout the country are being 
invited to participate in the 
second annual National College 
Pitch In ! Week. April 7-11. 

Instituted last year, the event 
will again be co-sponsored by 
Budweiser Beer and the ABC 
Contemporary Radio Network . It 
is based on the nationwide Pitch 
In! anti -litter program . Par-
tic ipation may be from the entire 
student body or approved in-
dividual campus organizations . 

Pitc~ 
I "r! n -ill!J" ~ 

The basic idea is for college 
students to team up in ridding 
thei r c ampus and/ or surrounding 
community of a litter problem. 
This year. participants are also 
encouraged to consider projects 
<;uch as tree-planting and park 
beautification . 

Grand prizes consisting of 
$1000 educational scholarships 
wi ll be awarded in each of five 
regions for the most creative and 
effective Pitch In! efforts. 

To enter this year 's com-
petition. colleges or 
organizations should send a letter 
Indicating their desire to par-
tici pate to : 1975 College Pitch In! 
Week. ABC Contemporary Radio 
Network, 1330 Avenue of the 
Americas. New York, New York. 
10019 ' 

Test . ... 
Continued from Page 1 

"w don 't want to wait until 
they're !liors to find out if they 
can read or writ e. " said Dr. 
Marian C Diamond . Be rkeley 
phYSiology prof sso r and co-
chairman of the conferen ce. 

Diamond stat d h know of 
110 co mparabl e exams for 
.,op homor es in the country . 
Com m un ity coil ege tran s fers 
would also be required to take the 
te ts. which would be based on a 
national standard of ol'f1+}etency. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon .-Sal. 
8:45--5 :30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

I ~ A~D(-O on: '~~A.-:' .~: .. ~ 
I · RADIO" () ~~~ 
I REP""R SPECI ... lISTS ~ 9A,( 

• TAPE UNITS " . '4:.~J:.~ 
AM .. FM STEREO . ' ~A- ~ 

TURNTABLES en;; , «h,.~() ~ 
• • CHANGERS • ~ ~ • 

I . harmonic distorti~n ~ . 
t 

.e' li ti¥ •• fr •• tlb,."len ,e" to ,0'" 

.. 

Four Plays 

Auditions to Be Held 
by Larry Deckel 

Arta edlto, 
Auditions for the major productions from the UCSD Theatre will be 

held in the coming week. including three graduate studenHlirected 
productions and one faculty-directed event . 

Auditions for Dr. Michael Addison's production "A Burial in Thebes" 
will be held in 409 Me at 7 pm tomorrow and Wednesday. 

"A Burial in Thebes" is a theatrical spectacle based on the myth of 
Oedipus and his family drawn from the Sophoclean tragedy of Oedipus 
Rex and Antigone . Given new form and shape by director Addison . 
faculty designers, and graduate playwrights and composers, the event 
will range from carnival absurdity and splendor to the intimate tragedy 
of the human cond ition . This theatrical confrontat ion with myth and 
man will be presented outdoors on the forum level surrounding the 
Central Library . A large cast of mixed types is involved,. 

Three Grad Plays 
A unified audition for the three graduate-directed productions will 

be held next Tuesday and Wednesday in 409 MC at 7 pm . The three 
. productions will encompass a wide variety of theatrical style . 

" Play Strinberg" is Friedrich Durrenmatt's amusing and personal 
variat ions on the theme of Stri ndberg's great play, "The Dance of 
Death ." In it. the story of a marriage locked in hate, a deadly dance, 
becomes extraordinarily funny . The cast includes two men and a 
woman . and is under the direction of Frank Condon . 

The second production will be an original piece for six performers 
and three mannequins by Peter Klein . The production will be 
developed from previously scr ipted material by Klein . and given shape 
through a rehearsal period of improvisation and experimentation of 
theatrical techniques . 

John Ovrutsky 's production will be composed of two one-act plays 
"Before Breakfast" by Eugene O ' Neil . and "The Stronger" by August 
Strindberg. Both plays deal with the tensions between women in the 
absence of men . 

All four productions offer a wide variety of parts for performers of 
varying theatrical experience . Scripts for all productions and additional 
information is available at the drama office at 407 MC. 

Coop . •.. 
Continued from Page 1 

Students Affairs office , has 
changed the meaning completely 
from an anti-Coop referendum to 
a pro-Coop referendum . 

"Not one Single word should 
have been changed . The original 
wording should have been kept 
on the petition, just the way the 
students signed it" Tanana said 

of the word change. 

In other Coop business , the 
BRG will present its budget for 
the spring quarter . and 
nominations will be opened for 
the position of internal affairs 
coordinator. The internal affairs 
coordinator will handle much of 
the Coop-related business on 
campus. 

r--UC SAN DIEGO 
IS FOR THE .RDS 

t 
The unofficial Fly With uz for 
state bird. PSA , has a song to eleven Cilies 

.. • "(0"" ." ... ," .... 'lIf l.'. • . ..,Q, 
I •• JUS, IIINO this ... DI ... ~. J ~ • OP[N I"ION SAT • DolO • ~~.· t 

2~1~cable g !!5-0333 

more lIights connecting WanllocatchaPSAGnnnlng-
northern and southern C~Ii - bird? That's easy Just catch 
lornia than any other alr.line uP With your campus rep 

...... ,... ..... 

Hi F~delity Recording Tape 
Brought to you 
by Superscope 
SONY PLUS 2 TAPE 

§=~~ SALE LA JOLLA MUSIC 
(-90 (-120 1128 Wall 459-3375 

. 'Jj'WEMEDICAl STUDENTSl 
\I'.'" National MeAT REVIEW Course U 
U The specialized approach to MeAT preparation . 

Santa Barbara and San Diego . U ~ Offered locally at Los Angeles. Irvine. Riverside. n Enroll now for Spring sessions . n 
l2ATlONAL MCAT REVIEW COURSE U P.o. Sox 362 uChatsworth,CA 91311 u (213/ 980·5993 ri .. .... '1rc::=>t" '1~~~ 

1975 

om 
~LAKES 

Session I 
June 10 thm 30 For In/ormarion. wrire: 

Session II CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE 
J ul y I. thru 21 Office of Conti nuing Ed ucation 

9001 Stockdale Highway 
Enrollment Limited BAKERSFIELD. CaJil'ornia 93309 

Reasons for Roots. 
No.3. Rocker Sole. 
When you walk. your body weight shifts from yo ur 
heel down the outer side. across to the big toe fo r 
lift ·off Roots sole makes each lift -off Ie s work 

The City Root. 
one of to·styles 

Sold only at Roots sho ps 
Gift certificates auailable . 

City feet need Roots. 

COLLEGE GRADUATES 
Why settle for an ordinary job when you can choose a 
challenging career? Qualify for a position as a., . 

LAWYER'S ASSISTANT 
th rough an intensive 12 week course offered by 
University of San Diego In cooperation with The 
National Center for Legal Training 

Specializing in one of the following fields: 
CorpoJations 

Estates, Trusts 
and Wills 

Public Service Law 

Litigation 
Real Estate 

and Mortgages 

Applications now being accepted for Summer, 1975, 
Fall. 1975 and Spring. 1976. 

For free brochure write: 
UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO 

LAWYER'S ASSISTANT PROGRAM 
P_O. Box 231 
DeSales Hall 
Alcala Park 
San Diego . Cal. 92110 

or call 714 291-6480 ext . 
247 

P~8e 3 Triton Times M~rch 31. 1975 



CLAlllfiED AD HfURS: M,W,F-1~1, 
... T, "'"- 1-1. A* ... be IMen only et 

__ - 1\:0 fx~mONS. 

AD ANNOUNCE'" E DEADLlNU: for 
Mondey·frL et I It, for Wed .... y . 
Monetlpm,forJl y · Wedet4pm. 

SEX CLINIC: Cou .... lnc on S.auel 
Problem.. W.d I-I pm; R.vell. 
CounMlon OffIcE. lnext to the Rev. 
Provo.! Offtcel. Judith Jor..,...n. 
M.D.·Huoh Pet.. Ph.D. 131141 

Reald.nt Advlaor Appllcetlona for 
R."... College e,.. now .... ng ec· 
cepted. G~ e ref_I from Student 
Employment Office on M.tth.wa 
Cempu .. Appllcetl_ dud"ne April 11 . 
4. PM. For Info contect Rick "yer or 
Mery Cox In the Revelle R .... nt 
Deana OffIc., Ar.o Hell, .at. 311Z714/111 

OASIS NEEDS TUTORS: If you need 4 
units of credit end a,.. • junior or .. nlor 
Int ..... ted In tutorln. e low.r dlvlalon 
meth or KI.nc. cou,.., cell 4Ii2.:nII) or 
com. to Bid • . 2IiO MC for Info. 14/4) 

travel 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE, 
ISRAEL. ORIENT. low prlc .... Ion. and 
.hort fII.ht. . limited .pace. 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL ,. 
Weatwood Blvd. LA. IOID4 12131 11t-t121 
or 477·"12 11111 
SOUTH AMERICA & GALAPAGOS 
IllES 2-4 Month Experlenc • • low·coat 
Brochur. : NEWWORLD 
EDUCATIONAL TRIPS PO BOX 2131 
Sellna, Ce'" 

EUROPE·ISRAEL·AFRICA·ORIENT low 
coe! fll.hta, tou,.. the whole .tud.nt 
bit. At our office over 2DO FREE non-
com.rclel pemphlets, brochuree.··bl. 
buck ... vlntla ESTC 110 W. Sixth. Suit. 
311 L.A.1OO14121311D-2IZ11p1/l1 

LOW COST TRAVEL 
t u'ope Orient & SOUHl 

AnlPflCd 
1 ',lvl'l Cpnt,'i .'11'3'-, Durant 

Avpnup 
Bf'r~pII'Y CI 4·17U.l 

: l'J S.18-7U()U 

.-.... .-

---- -

~ 
~ 

1974V. W. needs to be 
returned to Madison , 
Wisconsin. We will 
gas. Call 608-262-2001 

] im Kirchstein 
pay 

... 

--------

T:le Church of Comervat ion 
Invites You To Be An 

ORDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR Of NATUREPEDICS 

~ 

.... 

Our fast growing church I 
ctively seeking environment 
oncious new ministers wh 

I ieve what we bel ieve . Man ' 
hould exist in harmony with 
ature. We are a non-structure 
aith , undenominat ional , w ith n 
raditional doctrine' or dogma. 
enefits for ministers are : 
1. Car Emblem and Pocket 1.0 . 
2. ReduGed rates from man 

otels. motels. restaurants. ca 
ental agencies , et c . Ou 
irectory lists over 1,000 prest ig 

establ ishments ext end in g an 
utomat ic cash discount . 

3 Perform marriages, baptisms, 
funeral s and all other ministerial 
fun ctions 

4. Start your own church and 
app ly fo r exem pt ion f rom 
property and other taxes. 

Enclose a f ree-Will donation for 
the minister'S credentials and 
pocket license Your ord ination IS 
recognized in all 50 states and 
most fo reign ( ountries 

CHURCH 01 CONSERVATION, 
BOX 375, · MARY ESTHER , 
FLORIDA 325M. 

OASIS IS OffERING EfFECIVE 
READING,STUDY SKIUS, AND NOTE· 
TAKING CI AUU. AU GROUH WILL 
BEGIN SECOND WEEK OF QUARTER. 
FOR INFO ON WHEN AND WHERE TO 
SIGN U" CHITA AT _.u. OR COME 
TO ILDG. _ MC.14m 

SINGERS: If YOU hew e Oood voice. 
elnc on pitch, end reed muelc ,.Iffy 
well. audition for the UCSD Concert 
IChemberl Choir. MuaIc 141. R"r· 
..... MW .... Mendevllle Cent. 8Z1O. 
... Dr. John La,.., Director, ~ tim 
mMtIng. Mon. Merchl1.I3I311 

The GO new CemtM18 Apertmenta .... "" 
~ eaIde for merrled atucIenta, aln ... 
per.nta end/or aln.l. ore duet. 
Ruclente will NIl!. when .".. ....... for 
" ... e month. TheM ,... e,. lower 
then thoM prevlouely e~ted end 
r_ltfrom the Chencellor'a dec .. lon to 
provl. relief to the realdent-. TIIIa 
ectlon contemplet. • plenned deficit 
to aom. .xtend In the operetlon. 
elthou.h It Ie hoped ope,..ttonel .,. 
flc"ncl .. durlnc the year will mltloete 
thla clrcumatence. 14/2) 
N_ Cou,.. . Biolo.y 131 " M.rlne 
Blolo.y" Dr. Frenk Rokop Tu .. & Thu,. 
11:00 • 12:30 Hl 120513/31) 

SSW Trevel Offlc • . ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY, & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'I Stud.nt 10. Eurell. Hoatel Cerda. 
Trlppln. Meo .. ln.. etc. UCSD In· 
t.rnetl_1 C.nter 4I2-G13O 11 em-4 pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Clo •• d Tu.a-Thur • . 
1P3/141 

for sale 
'73 Detsun 2A02. .ac.llent condition. 
AUTOMATIC Trenam .... on M2D0. 7115-
201013/111 

Rov.r 'r7 Top .hepe 4 on the floor. 
Leavln •• te. muat "'1. A.kln. t1.111O. 
Richerd 7115-2711 3-7 p.m. 13/311 

1. Volvo Ilu • .,200 .. X4171 • Aft.r & 
Cell ..... 13/31) 

BIOLOGY TODAY · ''' ; P.ych. 14 book. 
. Control ... VoI. 1 & 2 . t6 each. In-
flu.ncln. ettltudee . tUO. Kethy In TT 
offIc. ~ or.,..-. 13/311 

Jeans 
forall 
tastes 
Wild. tame. middle·of-
the-road. 
Over 4 tons of Levi's' to 
choose from. The world 's 
greatest selection under 
one roof. Le'l i's for every 
size. shape. taste and sex. 
You 'II eat 'em up. 

4688 Convoy St-. 
Kearny Mesa 

56(H64.4 
Mon. thru Sa t. 10-9 

Sundays Noon-5 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
n t 'IIMINe; ("ONTRAC"TORS 

Lea~rlon - San 

REMODEL - N EW INSTALLAT,IONS - R EPA IRS 
STATE LICENSE NO. 2 72-677 

566-4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San D iego, Ca. 92121 

Pille 4 Triton Times Milrch 31, 1~75 

Inc. 

COAST AND MESA RENT INCREASE 
Recentty reeIdente of COM! end M _ w_ ....... that __ I0Il .. on Mev 
1,1171 the rent,... for the ,..eldentlel 
.... rtmenta wiN be IIICINIMCI by ~ 
_h month. on e oumuletlve ....... 
throu.h July 1m. Realclente will be 
forgiven peyment of the IncNMCI ,... 
throu.h July 1m but will be oblloeted 
thereefter to pey the Inc ....... monthly 
rete In effect Aquet 1. 11J1. The 
reeIdents will contlnlle to 1liiY .mtInt 
,.. for _h month thrOueh July 11, 
1".. On Aueuet 1, 1m end _h 
aubMquent month the rent wei be: 

Ca..t Allllrtmenta 
Studloa 
O ... ldrma. 
Two-Idrma. 

.,oz.lIO 
1211.110 
1 •.• 

M_ Allllrtments 
Two-Iedrma. .,.,.eo 

Wom.n·. C.nter I. lookln. for f.mele 
volunt"r to work 2 or 3 hou,. tNchlng 
work.hapa. X21JZ3.Den or Ol.e or Dene 
et 4I2·1D enytlm • . 14/4) 

'73 124 FIAT S.DAN Laraln. 7fi5.~ 
• v .. & X2073 dey • . 13/111 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASH? Peyln. Top Doller 
for your U.S. SIIv.r Coina minted before 
1114. K.n 412·132114/4) 
Subjects needed for phonetic. .x· 
perlm.nts. Whr . ... ·J.na at 3121 P&L 
nr call XlI37. lIndl 

personals 
0.,. J : :So you never .ot e pereonel. 
w.II now yOU hev.' Enjoy you .... " VII. 
quert.r. You helped meke my aley leat 
querter P ..... nt. R.G. 13/311 

Sherr!. Sherry, Sheri · Plnocchlo we.n·t 
much fun alone. So call m • . Tom "erk 
Plec.12I3-G4I14/4) 
Merk: D"r lover. w.lcom. beck to 
Luney World, UCSD. I' ll be heppy to 
hev. .om. compeny. Poteto chip. 
3/311 

.. 

meetings 
MCAT ,,...,.,.tIon Cou .... mMte _h 
Thure 1:OO-e:JO p.m. In B..ac lcIence 
Rulldlng 2100. Anyone .... nnlno to teke 
MCAT mey pertlc .... te. For Info 412· 
4170. 11111 

POlltlcel Sclenoe Studente Union 
Thu"'y Afternoon. April I L_ 
Be.ke Con'-_ Room AH Stuclenta 
we!co ..... I4/2) 

activities 
"KLUTE" aterrtnc J_ Fonde & D_1d 
Suthertend tonight et I. . Revelle 

cef~. FREE. 131111 

TALENT SHOW · Mey 3 . Ceah prI, ... 
Tryouts will be held · Stop by Rev .... 
Realdent Dean'a OffIc. by April 11 for 
Info. 14111 

Bleck Goapel Choir Mendevlli. C.nter 
8210 Thu,.. April Jrd 7:00 EII.he Verge 
SPMker 14/21 

hat's happening 
WOMEN'S CENTER'S 1ST BIRTHDAY 
PARTY . 1~', Fri. April 4, Women'. 
Center. 10 AM opening oelebretton with 
birthdey cake end punch. Speclel 
bulletin boerd on the hietorlcel per. 
apectlve of the WC'a 1et YNr. All 
peI'Mna weloorne. For Into · X3R114121 

The Women'a Center Ie 8POMIOfI ... e 
WMkIy Women'. Entertelnment ....... 
on Wed. n1ehW •• pm, I end dime on 
Muir Cempua. FREE TO EVERYONE. 
14121 

Mende"' .. e Art Ge"ery. Mlrle", 
Scheplro: Th. Shrine end The 
Oem.- Ie Nbopective exhlbltlonl. 
April 1·27. Gellery hour. ere SuncMY 
throu.h Frldey 12-1. 14/211 

la,..11 Folkdencln. tonl.ht. I pm. 
RecrMtlonel Gym Conf.,..nce Room. 
13/311 

Women'. WMkIy Aim • .,...Tu ... 
nl.hta, • pm. R.vell. Cefeterla. 
"Chrletopher Stronc" end "Amelle 
Aerhert" Tuea. April " I. .. FREE 131111 

advertisements for ourselves 
Connl. & l .. . I am efreld. !eat •• the 
Hrpent deceived Eve by hla creftlneae • 
your mlnde ahould be ... d eetrey from 
the .Impllclty end purity of devotion to 
Chrl.t. P.uI13/311 

housing 
M/Roommete needed Spr. Qu. to .here 
e 2·bedroom ept. et La JoIle Vi ...... 
N.r pool. ieculli. .71.lI/month+ 
utillt .... 41Z·.a 14/41 

Hom. for"" 
3 bed. 2 beth. den. welk to UCID. 
Femllyroom. flreplece. DlnnI"". top 
condition. dlehwnher, a"',c"'nln. 
atov.. brick petto, Reduced to 12_ 
453-"13/311 

Roommete wented. Own room In 
hou" In Solene I .. ch. Sun. Tre.. 
Y!rd. Prlvecy. Till Juna 11. _ La.t 
month·. rent required. 711-D714/41 

F.mele Roomete _ 21, needed for 
mellow 2 bedroom hou .. , ecrow from 
ocean In EnclnitM. Rent _.eo e month 
phone . .....,. Meke time for u. to 

get toeether. 13/31) 

services 
RESEARCH AIDS·Cenede' a ler ... t 
HrVIce. For catelotlU ... nd G to: EMeY 
Servlcw. P.O. Boa 1211. N",,,, F • • 
N.Y. 1aGZ. 14111 __ . Cempue 
rep-"'lltivea required. ,INN write. 
1""1 
You can etIII ecqul,.. Pubic lend AtEE' 

Governm.nt Land Dlo-t. Box 2217, 
Normen. Ok .. home ~ 14/211 

Income To . Dlecount etu.nta, atIIff. 
feculty. 7II-I22Iefter4 pm 141141 

lost & found 
LOST: Merch 14th In USI 21122 • T_ 
lnetrument SRSO Celculator. If found P.... contect S . Ander • 115-1741. 
Subetentlel R_rd.I3I111 

PC)f)II 
III(~IIl'III)'S 
Going into Business Event 

for Guys • for Gals e for Kids 
In La Jolla now we 've got It all together 
- every clothing thing for your entire 
family at easygoing prices . 
No one knows Levi's better than Poor 
Rlchard ·s. And Poor Richard 's has 
super ideas for spr ing and summer in· 
town and ou t·coun try casual wear . .. 

even drf'ss,ups for both Guys and Gals. 
Matching coordInates . .. men's l ight 
weigh t Jackets .. . co lor·happy blouses 
for gals . . . '15 style bel ts with the La 
Jolla fl air . Depend on two great names: 
Poor Rlchard 's and Levl ·s. and welcome 
to the new .. . 

.,.t.lr • • ". Mttll IblYI t~e Drdinlry" 
"(M'IIIU(jIWU)'S 

PI.rl & II Jill. li J,III, ClUfor.il 


