
• Strike Set for Tuesday, Wednesday 

GSU Will Hold 'Work Stoppage' 
AS Endorses GSU Demands by John H. Taylor Editor-in-chief Following votes of support yesterday from the faculty 

Academic Senate and the undergraduate Student Cooperative, 
the Graduate Student Union (GSU) last night unanimously ac-
cepted a plan to stage a grad student "work stoppage" next 
Tuesday and Wednesday. 

by Charles Heimler 
News Editor 

The UC San Diego divis'ion of 
the Academic Senate yesterday 
voted to support demands made 
by the Graduate Students Union 
for support, reduced T A-student 
ratio, fee waivers and contract 
guarantees. 

The support was a voice vote 
favoring a resolution introduced 
by Phy ics Prof. C. H. Mehta, on 
behalf of the Graduate Students 
Union 

The Union sought the Senate's 

Ap~roximately 180 grad students were present at the USB 2722 
meetmg. Spokesmen say the other 320 members of the 
organization will be reached by the time the strike begins. 

Joe Rogers, a GSU member who Chancellor last week McElroy 
chaired the meeting last night, reportedly blam d Gov. Brown's 
said the action is intended to. tight 1975-76 UC budget for 
"fulfill what th Chancellor asked limited resources for T As , and 
for - that th legislature and aid the answers to the grad 
governor understand that grad students' problems lay With the 
students are essential to the tate legislature Brown's budget 
operation of thl University ." IS now being assessed In the 

"This is a concrete e pression Assembly and Senate . upport (whose membership 
includes all UCSD professors) for 
three reasons, according to a 
spokesman : 

Three Reasons 
--the Senate's support will be 

helpful in convincing both the 
Legislature and Governor to 
release the funds neccessary to 
implement the Union's demands. 

The Graduate Student Union decided yesle:rrhy to hold a 'work 
stoppage' Tuefday and Wednefday. The decision followed support for 
the GSU from the Academic Senate and the Student Coopemtille. [IT 
photo: Tad Sperry] 

of that," Rogers said . The Chancellor , away for 
State level several days, could not be 

GSU negotiators met with the Continued ~n Page 5 

Assembly Includes 
Students In Housing 

- with the Senate's support, 
administration attempts to fire 
students who are active in the 
union will be hard to uphold. 

--many grads are waiting to see 
how professors feel about the 
Union's demands before agreeing 
to join the Union . 

Approximately 60 faculty 
members attended the meeting, 
10 above quorum. 

The full demands made by the 
GSU, and supported yesterday, 
include the following 1) 50 per 
cent T A employment or its 
equivalent for every graduate 
student for the duration of their 
program, J) contracts for the full 
academic year, to be signed in 
the Spring quarter previous to the 
year of employment, 3) no in-
crease in student-T A workloads to 
be determined by the graduate 
tudents in each department, 4) 

fee waivers for all graduate 

UFW' supporters marching on Revelle plaza 

UFW Supporters Get 
Meeting with Barrett 

by Mark Stadler 
Community Editor 

I n a demonstration last Friday on behalf of a California State 
Legislature bill allowing farmworkers a secret ballot vote, 33 United 
Farmworkers supporters pressured Director of Housing and Food 
Services Larry Barrett into a meeting to discuss the use of non-UFW 
lettuce in UCSD cafeterias . 

The demonstrators congregated outside Revelle Cafeteria Friday 
afternoon chanting "No more scab lettuce at UCSD" until arcafeteria 
worker told them Barrett would meet with their representative . 

Lots Needed . 
The demonstrators were told that the cafeteria uses as much UFW 

lettuce as it can get, but that some non-UFW lettuce is used because so 
much is needed. 

The farmworkers' bill, which would mandate secret ballot elections 
for farmworkers, pennits harvest-time strikes and limited secondary 
boycotts, passed the State Senate 31-7 Monday aftemoon . The bill, 
designed by Gov. Brown and authored by Senator John Dunlap (0. 
Napa), is predicted to pass the Assembly by Friday. Brown hopes to 
ign the bill into law by May 31 . 

The demonstration Thursday began on Matthews campu with an 
acto, or one act play, dramatizing the plight of the farmworker, n-
titled "Dos Caras de Padron." 

Thert> were 47 people watching tht> acto at Matthew After a march 
thrOugh Muir toRevelle there were 33 demon trators left 

students, tuition waivers for all 
out-of-state graduate tudents . 

Last Wednesday, the GSU tried 
to give their conditions • to 
Chancellor McElroy during a 
meeting of the Board of Over-
seers . McElroy told them there. 
was no time for discussion. 

During the Senate's meeting, 
support for the measure was 
given by professors who felt that 
graduate students were an 

Continued on page 5 

'Attica ' Film 
, 

Shown Tonight 
Attica, the film of the prison 

revolt, will be shown tonight at 6 
pm In the Revelle cafeteria. 
Peter Bohmer, jailed for the Del 
Mar train incident, will speak. 

The program, sponsored by 
Groundwork Collective, is free. 
Childcare will be provided . 

by Maura Dolan 
Sacramento Correspondent 

The state assembly, ' after 
hearing numerous arguments that 
students "don't deserve to be a 
privileged class," narrowly voted 
recently to outlaw discrimination 
against students in housing . 

On a 41-26 vote, the assembly 
approved a measure to amend the 
Rumford Fair Housing Act by 
placi ng "student" next to race, 
color, religion, national origin 
and ancestry as categories for 
illegal discrimination in housing. 

Scramble 
Majority Leader Howard 

Berman (D-Los Angeles), author 
of the bill , and A~sembly Speaker 
Leo McCarthy had to scramble to, 
bring absent' legislators to the 
floor and persuade others to 
change their votes after a 

p~evious roll call half-an-hour 
earlier fell short of several "ayes" 
needed to pass the measure. 

" I t's going to be a tough fight to 
get it through the Senate," said 
Berman after the final vote. " Real 

estate lobbies are working hard to 
defeat it and people still don't 
want to vote for anything that 
might restrict homeowners." 

Under Berman's bill, the state 
Fair Employment Practice 
Commission would investigate 
complaints alleging 
discrimination against students 
and require affirmative action 
when complaints were verified . 
The commission currently takes 
such action with Rumford Act 
violations . 

Assemblyman Louis Papan (0. 
San Mateo) said Berll idn's 
measure would " flood" the 
commission with complaints . He 
aid it is "only natural" that 

landlords want to rent to an 
employed person . 

Berman contended person In 
school are not able to find ac-
comodations in university areas 
simply because landlords don't 
like students . He said his measure 
would not prevent landlords from 

Continued on page 5-

$100 Offered fOl· Proof of R esurrection 
by Karen Malamud 

Staff Writer 
George Post offered a $100 prize Wednesday to 

anyone who could bistorically disprove the 
resurrection of Jesus Christ (Tl May 21) 

Two students came to make the same offer, and 
also a counter offer, $1(X) to prove the 
resurrection of Christ, and $200 to di prove it. 
They call themselves the Unbelieving Students 
(US). They were previou Iy called either the AA or 
the AAA--standing for something having to do 
with agnosticism and atheism . 

Scott Vadepol , US President, said that he can't 
rea lly remember what AA stood for, saying that 
l"US's interests are ideological rather than 
organizational. " Apparently, the idea of the AA 
had been discarded, until Post made his offer. The 
purpose of US, Valdepol stated, is to "put cosmic 
questions uch as 'what is the meaning of life?' 
and 'is there a God?' into their proper per-
spective." 

Dave Richman and Jeff Greenberg, other US 
members, agreed with Valdepol that thi was the 
major reason for starting the organization. Also, 
Valdepol stated, "We want our mugs in the 
paper." ~ 

Other Side 
Richman want people to ee the oth r Ide of 

Triton Christian rellow hip, ilnd ay that if th r 

were a God, he wouldn t b 0 arrogant as to a k 
people to worship him . 

Valdepol ay he was raised In the Epi copal 
church ince " I was old enough to kneel," and I 
an unconcerned agno tic , as I Greenberg, 
although he was rai ed in a Jewi h background 
Richman i Jewish and b lieve 10 God Richman 
a ked "why do Christians con id r Judai m 
wrong?" 

Apparently the question of celibacy i im-
portant to US, becau e Valdepol aid, " I don't 
think being horny IS a sin ." When a ked what they 
thought about death, they aid that th ir 
philosophy is ba ic--you have to live life while 
you're on earth-when you're dead, you're "rotting 
six feet under," according to Riochman 

The con ensu among US me/hber eems to be 
that the Christian who) have approached them 
don't have a divine right to interfere with others, 
and although there IS f· edom of p ech, some 
member of the Chn tian faith have been 
"over t pping the bonds :>f free exchange." 

Finally, they were asked th reason for 
di Crimination In th If otter-are U afraid that 
they will be proved wrong 1 I that th reason for 
giving mor money to th p (son who will prove 
th m right? Valdepol aid "The rea on for t!'le 
higher in enti e for dl proving th thE' ry of 

urr tlon of Chn t I b au E' U would rath r 
b heatht'nthan hmtlan " 



pqetwo I Triton Tim .. Wednesday, May 28,1975 

Lette~ to the Editor • 
\ 'Watergat~ Mental~ty' Alive and Well at RaUy 

The freedom of s~h and is presently, conducting a whole and categorically not concern for accuracy and truth- with him . My account of Mr. 
guaranteed by the 1st Amend- bacteriological warfare research . . true if you're dealing with the fulness in his public statements, Reed's statements were verified, 
ment of the Constitution assures Upon hearing this rather startling medical school and its research rather than for their dramatic however, as being in substance 
that people of all beliefs may · revelation, I invited Mr . Reed to programs. The overwhelming impact . accurate, by two other medical 
express their ideas. That right, accompany me to the offke of support of research in the In the interest of accuracy, I students observing the rally . The 
however, carries with it a Dr. John Mo)(ley, dean of the medical school is from the must state that Mr. Reed's taped interview with Dr. Moxley 
responsibility to be truthful. The School of Medicine, and offer Department of Health, ,Education statements, as I have related is available upon request. 
political events of recent years evidence of the existence of and Welfare through the National them, are not verbatim quotes, GARY HAHN 
clearly illustrate the con- bacteriological warfare research Institute of Health. The second since I did ·not tape the rally or MEDICAL STUDENT 
sequences of public lies and and defense related weapons largest type of support is from the my subse«;luent conversations UCSD SCHOOL OF MEDICINE 
deceit. I am very sorry to observe research funded by the Depart- private philanthropic foundations 
that this same type of 'Watergate ment of Defense and the CIA. Not such as the Rockerfeller Foun -
mentality"-that of "feeding the surpriSingly, Mr. Reed refused my dation, and I do not, off the top 
people whatever they'll swallow" offer. of my head, know of any research 
is alive and thriving at UCSD. Having somewhat doubted Mr. in the medical school that is 

My experience with this Reed 's veracity from the supported by the Department of 
mentality occurred at the May 16 beginning, I decided to undertake Defense or the ClA ... and fur-
rally to "protest US military in- my own inquiry to determine thermore, there is no research in 
tervention in the Mayaguez whether his allegations had any the medical school or in the 
incident" An expression of that factual basis . Health Sciences area in general 
mentality was embodied in In a taped interview with Dr. that relates to weaponry ." In 
several allegations made by one John Moxley , I asked the answer to the second question, 
of the rally'S speakers, Mont- following questions: Dr. Moxley stated : 
gomery Reed . In essence, Mr. 1. Is it true that the majority of 
Reed stated that the majority of research done at UCSD is in- In answer to the second 
research done at UCSD is in- valved in weapons research and question, Dr. Moxley stated : 
volved with weapons research development funded by the 
and development f~nded by the Department of Defense and the 
Department of Defense and the CIA as a means of perpetuating 
CIA, as a matter of perpetuating American imperialism? 
. American imperialism. 2. Is it true that the UCSD 

After the rally endea, I ap- School of Medicine has been, and 
proached Mr. Reed and asked is presently, conducti ng bac-
him to amplify his statement, teriological warfare research? 
particularly with respect to Dr. Moxley replied to the first 

"ro the best of my knowledge 
there is no (emphasis his) 
bacteriological warfare research 
going on in the Unil(ersity of 
California, San Diego, School of 
Medicine." 

research done at the UCSD question : 
School of Medicine. He stated " That statement is clearly not I hope that, in the future , Mr, 
that the medical school has been, true if you look at the campus as Reed with develop an increased 

Protestors Show Fascist Tendency 
Since I did not attend the May 16 rally protesting 

the US military involvement in the Mayaguez affair, 
I read with interest the May 19 Triton Times article 
covering the event. As reported by the n , at one 
point during the rally a facsimile of the Cambodian 
Khmer Rouge flag was raised on the Revelle 
flagpole. In protest to this action, a woman named 
Marta Houske requested that the Cambodian flag 
be replaced by an American one, telling the 
students that only in America would they be · 
allowed to protest in such a ~ay . 

Reportedly, Houske was shouted dONn by cries 
of " fascist," and one "We 'll put you in the camp 
when we take (Ner ." The raising of the flag by 
students was an expression of their own opinions, 
which they have a right to do . But Houska's protest 
to thi s action was also an express;Qn of her own 
opinion , which is also her right. According to the 
actions of some of the students at the rally, it would 
seem that Marta Houska, unlike the other 
speakers,should not have the freedom of speech 
and right to protest that all the pol itical groups at 

Many Disagree with Post 

UCSD, rangi ng from the YSA to the Y AF, demand as 
basic rights . 

The comment that Houske should be put in a 
camp for expressing an opinion that may be dif-
ferent from the majority view of those attending the 
rally is frighteningly similar to the ideology which 
led to the events of WWII in Germany, where those 
who protested the treatment of the Jews ex opposed 
other government policies were also thrown into 
the concentration camps . 

This same thinking supports the practice of 
certain South American , Indochinese and European 
dictatorships pf jailing persons whose political 
opinions differ from official government doctrine. 
Houske was called a fascist, yet I wonder ... who are 
the REAL fascist-oriented people who attended that 
rally? 

I wish to conclude this letter in applauding 
Marta Houske for having the guts to express her 
opinions in her own way, despite those who did not 
or will not acknowledge her right to doso. 

LAUREN ZACK 

George Post may represent himself and the Campus Crusade for 
Christ, but that .js all he represents . The UCSD faculty and students 
should realize this, and not judge Christians in general by Post's 
example. Let it be known that many Christians on this campus 
disapprove of his methods and disagree with his philosophy as 
represented in his t:hallenge in the Triton Times of May 21 . 

Resurrection 
Impossible 
To Prove 

Although the article about 
George Post's offering of S 100 to 
anyone who can disprove the 
resurrection of Jesus Christ was 
interesting, the idea is totally 
absurd . 

KIM CLAUSSEN 

John H. Taylor 
Edilor4 in·chiet 

Edward Simons James G . Soto 
P1an8uing editor 

~ataJ ........ 
fidilorittJ"'" 

Mark __ 
.... 

First of all, there is no way 
. anyone can offer historical proof 
of whether or not it is true. How is 
someone goi ng to disprove it? 
Listen to some tapes? See an 
actual movie? There is simply no 
way to prove or disprove the 
HYPOTHESIS that there was a 
resurrection of 1esus Christ . 
Maybe Mr. Post should have 
·offered 5100 to anyone who can 
historically prove that the 
resurrection of Jesus Christ really 
happened? 

JOHN ADLER 

Attacks on US Mayaguez 
Actions Opposed 

I am very disgusted with the 
May 16 rally against US im-
perial ism . The speakers made an 
unsuccessful attempt at putting 
down US policy in Indochina, 
especially the Mayaguez jn-
cident . Granted, we blew it in 
Vietnam, but I feel that this 
country acted in the proper way 
by rescuing the ship and its crew. 

What the hell were we sup-
posed to do? Sit on our rears and 
wait five or ten years until the 

Cambodian government . decided 
to return the ship and its men as a 
goodwill gesture? No, we had to 
get in and act accordingly. We 
must stop these acts of aggression 
or we will end up with the same 
terrorists dilemma as Israel. I am 
not some kind of right wing 
reactionary, but I feel that my 
opinion is in the majority at this 
school and in this country. 

DAVID J. POLLOCK 

Student Praises Third 
College Energy Conference 

Provost Joseph W. Watson of Third College, Professor Stanford 
Penne.r, Energy Center Director, their staffs, and invited speakers are to 
be complimented on the 2nd Annual Third College Energy Conference, 
on May 17. 

Several hundred attended the well-arranged conference. The talks 
were e)lce llent and fast-paced . The only problems were with the lights 
and slides in the Mandeville auditorium . The speakers seemed to have 
trouble communicating with the prOjectionist. 

Assemblyman Lawrence Kapiloff spoke on "The State's Role In 
Encouraging Development of Alternative Sources on Energy." He said 
he is now devoting 70 percent of his time to the energy problem, 
studyi ng and drafting legislation to enq)urage energy conservation and 
development of energy alternatives . Hopefully, other politicians will 
follow his commendable example and take appropriate actions before 
an energy "super crisis" comes ,upon us . 

The conference was also visited by a very charming, flaxen-haired 
"Little Prince" who appreared from under the curtain and was very 
bemused at seeing so many people sitting in red chairs waiting to spe 
him . In spite of a round of applause and pats on the head by Dr. Penner 
and the speaker, Mr. Jack Schultz, the Little Prince lef~ the way he 
came, without a word of either advice or comfort on the impending 
energy precipice. 

ALBIN RHOMBERG. 
APIS DEPARTMENT 

Mayaguez Praise: the CIA is 
Looking for a Few Good Men 

After recovering from a five 
minute fit of convulsive, un-
controllable laughter in response 
to the letter to the Editor (Tl, 
May 21) praising Ford's Mayaguez 
action (I say "Ford's" because I 
find it hard to believe that any US 
citizen in full control of his 
mental faculties would go along 
with the idea and still be able to 

reconcile it. with his conscience), 
I came to my horrid senses and 
thought, "Godl I sure hope this is 
~ome kind of practical joke! " 

Paul Wagner Tad perry 
• T ... Triton nm. II Clffld.lly .... "' ••• i1Ud8nl -.;.....;a,.-;. by lhe 

Coinmunic:.wU_ .o.rd of UCSD. rullll..uon I. on MOfId8Ve. Wild .... .,., .nd. 

But, heh, heh, that was an 
excellent, light-hearted , comic 
relief for someone like myself 
who is so tired of waking up every 
morning and reading in the news 
these same views stated by our. 
fine, upstanding public servants 
in Washington of DC . 

But, let's say for a moment, 
hypotheti ca lly speaking of 
course, that you aentlemen were 
being serious In that case, I hear , 
rumors have it, that the CIA is 
looking for a few aood men .... 

SDOrtl edilOr Photo edl to' 

Kathy Coxe 
Secretarv 

Frl.y. durlne the .... .., acllool y_ 1 .. __ Oft I1ffh1I8I hoIId8y.,. Editorl.1 and· 
bu ..... offt_ .r.lo ...... ln 117 ...... Hall on t ... " ...... Col .... c_ • . 

L.nen to .... Editor and ........ on cot .. _ or. welcomed. AH auw.. .... _ 
.hould be typed on ••. _. II .. on non-oorr08llll • .....,. The¥ aIMIuld not 
exc .. d Ihr .. .,. •• In I~. The Triton n_ ,...", ...... """ to tHIIt .... 
miMlo .. beceu" of __ Mml."'" or ~ ,..,Ir......... - , 

For IIdlloriel. call.·"'; lor 1tueI_ end ..... emente. cell.a·-. KENNETH MOSS 

Wednesday. May 28.1975 Triton Times 

More Letters 

UC: Greatness for the Sake of It 
The editorial pages of the 

Triton Times have become a 
forum for the expression of 
considerable suffering and 
outrage. The focus is on grading 
procedures and facu Ity per-
formance. I share some of the 
pain, but not the anger . 

pellet than he is at presenting 
thermodynamics in mostly 
metaphorical " rather than 
mathematical, terms . 

If there is a villain, it is the 
administration's policy of 
exacting a price for the prestige 
and access to facilities that af-

filiation with the University ot 
California offers. That price, for 
students, is a pressure to achieve, 
on schedule, every quarter, for 
four years . But at least, for us, it 
ends. 

LAURENCE B. WINN 

Page three 

The University of California, 
despite its occasionally shoddy 
administrative practices, offers its 
students something of value-an 
interval during which one can 
learn the precision of thought 
necessary to survive in a hosti le 
environment. 

Brueckner Performance Lacked Desire 
Although writing critical letters concerning Professor Brueckner's 

performance in Science 4b seems to have become a cliche, I am 
writing this letter to emphasize the final lesson to be learned from this 
incident. Regardless of his attempt to duplicate Professor Rotenberg's 
class structure, Professor Brueckner lacked the most important 
element of teaching,-desire. This lack of desire was blatantly evident 
in his arrogant attitude, and poorly organized, monotonic lectures. 

I transfered to UCSD from UCLA last year because the biology 
department there showed this same lack of interest in teaching. After 
taking two introductory biology classes, with a three-professor rotation 
in each, I was only exposed to one professor who truly desired to teach 
biology. The other professors either found it too boring teaching lower 
division biology o~ were too preoccupied with research to adequ~tely 
prepare tor class . I came to UL~U dreaming that not only the biology 
department, but the entire faculty, would have a greater interest in 
teaching . So far, withlbe e~~!2!.io..!LPJ Professor Brueckner, th is wish 
has cometrue; but why should there even be one exception? - -

Although research is highly stressed at the University level , a 

professor should not remain on its faculty only for his rE'search . A 
university's ma in function is to educate the student, and a professor 
who cannot teach effec tively shouldn 't remain on the faculty. Most of 
the professors I have had here at UCSD are occupied with some form of 
research, yet eac h has shown a genui ne enthusiasm towards his role as 
an educator wh ich assures effect ive teaching 

Whatever Professor Brueckner's reason for "vol unteer ing" to t each 
Science 4b may have been, I assure you i t wasn't because he wanted to 
educate the students. Hopefully, I will not be subjected to .,professor 
Brueckner's illegible transparencies and spir itless lectures again, but at 
least for one quarter my dream of UCSD became a nightmare. 

Well , at least he isn't teaching bio logy. 

NAME WITHHELD 
BY REQUEST 

This is not to say that the 
university deserves blanket 
approval. It certainly does not. 
UC is, in concept, an elaborate 
subterfuge contrived to feign 
i nterest in undergraduate 
education while it pursues in-
s ti tutional greatness for the sake 
of greatness alone . Mere in-
struction does not confer laurels 
upon a university, nor does it 
attract federal grants, so we enroll 
a few thousand undergraduates 
and we hire capable, even 
eminent, chemists, phYSiCists, 
engineers, novelists and critics to 
do double duty as educators . The 
system doesn't work well. 

Some faculty members are so 
inept as instructors that it is 
painful to watch them scribble 
and stammer before audiences 
whose blank stares telE'graph the 
lecturer's own dismal failure . 

~rads Should Apply for Work Study Money 

Dr. Brueckner and his by now 
notorious experience with 
Science 4B is a case in point. I 
was a member of that class. I took 
the exams and received my 
grades, attending as few lectures 
as was conscionable, and went on 
my own way. 

Or . Brueckner may be irascible 
and intolerant . He is certain ly a 
lackluster instructor . He is not a 
villain . Brueckner is simply a man 
who is much better at squeezing 
fast neutrons from a deuterium 

Graduate students at UCSD are 
in danger of losing a substantial 
chunk of money that might fund 
some of them as T As next year . 
Every grad student knows by nbw 
that additional money is 
desperately needed, that every 

depa~ent has been forced to 
accept a budget cut, and that 
many graduate students may lose 
their jobs. And yet very few grads 
have filled out applications for 
work-study money. 

Applications were sent out to 
the departments by the Office of 

Graduate Studies and Research 
(OGSR) after Vice-chancellor 
Sisco persuaded officials in 
Washington to make 5200,000 in 
federal work-study' funds 
avai lable for augmenting the 
1975-76 T A budget. OGSR reports 
that 233 completed application 
torms have been received, but 
t hat about 100 more are needed 
to insure that all the money can 
actually be used toward T A 
salaries . The way it works is that 
each student who qualifies gets a 
portion of his T A salary (S2.80 per 
hour) paid with work-study 
money . 

Student Wants Continuation of Soccer Club 
Editor: 

An item in the Triton Times a few weeks ago has 
prompted me to write this letter. It was reported 
that because of the projected budget cuts next year, 
the PE department has decided not to support four 
club sports , including club soccer. 

I am a foreign graduate student who has regularly 
played soccer with the UCSD Soccer Club for the 
past two years. The club has a total membership of 
mOre than 60, and I have seen more than 35 players 
showing up for our bi-weekly practices . Thus, in-
terest in the UCSD community in soccer is 
tremendous . 

As a graduate student, I am not eligible to play in 
intercollegiate sports,.if I understand the NCAA and 
NAIA cri teria correct.ly. And as a foreign student, I 

FROM VIKKI AT MAKAHA BEACH HAWAII 

am not familiar with most American sports, like 
baseball or basketball. I have played soccer for a 
good many years. 

It seems very unfair to me that the PE department 
chose not to support a sport like soccer, !n which 
foreign students and others most partici pate at 
UCSD. After all, soccer is the most w idely played 
sport in the world. 

I, as a foreign graduate student, appeaL to the PE 
department and whoever is in charge of money 
allocation there, to reconsider their decision and to 
continue the UCSD Soccer Club, so that we can 
con tinue our participation in the San Diego County 
Soccer League by fielding two teams again this 
year. 

NARESH MEAT A 

NOW PLAYING! 7:30·9:30 

'1ano made hom genu,,... rlCC! b&QS 1~ COIlon SOft 
_ , colo< o.a",ol nCo bOO oo~ symbols'" rod 
bkie yellow .nObIlKk Ful CUI n bunons 

let () et 1()ITk) 1st olnd '0' Sis Encinitoll, 753-3955 
Guaraf"lfHCI IO lade 
SOl" SI3061 MC38401 LC.2 " 1 XLC. ' .'I 

C~ line 01 Rce Sao IOPIfIl InctOOet mens 
sh'ns stacks Shorts womens mumus a'"," l"1ntS 
bandanas beech begs curses and sun halS 

M... Vlklu AI"'ak~hll ~), Hu,,'1 C-3 Of': ~~::;.f~.ngIO~~~h;, 2 
.,.""'----------

La Paloma 
Midnite Madness 

Belinnin. in ol series o' Specioll Midnite present.ltions • Fri 
& Solt, May 30 & 11st a Him olbout Jimi Hendrix, Cholpters 3 
& 4 o' the C.lptolin Celluloid Seri.lls and a Bums olnd 

AII~ Short. 

If your department is asking 
and/ or ' requiring' that you apply 
for work-study money, pleolse do 
it. Even if you personally do not 
need any more money next year, 
you can help cteolte oldditionoll 
jobs for other grads by increasing 
the total number of dollars in the 
TA budget . And hurry - OGSR has 
set a tentative deadline of May 30 . 
for returning the forms. 

Certain grads have stated that 
they do not want the work-study 
money if it will take away money 
:vhich would otherwise go to 
undergraduates . Although it is 
true that the $200,000 could go to 
qualifying undergrads, people in 
OGSlf and in the Chancellor's 
Office say that there have not 
been enough qualifying un-
dergrads in past years to make full 
use of available work-study 
money . The university is not 
allowed, they say, to keep unused 
federa l work-study money after 
the end of the fiscal year for 
which it was allocated ; so in the 
past the extra money has simply· 
been sent back to Uncle Sam . 

If you ask people in OGSR, in 
the Financial Aids Office or in the 

Chancellor's Office, they'll tell 
you that the under-graduates 
won't be hurt if grads use this 
money. If you don't bel ieve the 
administration , check into this 
matter and try to get more facts . 
There are people in the Financial 
Aids Office who have information 
on the work-study program. Don' t 
throw this money away just 
because of some vague suspicion . 
The stakes here are high. Your 
decision could make the dif-
ference between some grad 
getting or not getting a job in the 
fall. This graduate student could 
be someone in your own 
department; he might even be 
you . 

JOHN J SARRAILlE 
DEPT OF MATHEMATICS 

GRAD STUDENT 

Short without 
Comment 

WASHINGTON (UPI) - The 
Food and Drug Administration 
said today it is banning the 
sale of pet turtles believed 
responsible for thousands of 
cases of illness in the United 
States every year . 



Pa,efour , 
1 

Reg lFee Committee 
Ann~unces '75- '76 Seats 

The AdVISory Committee on Student Fee Programs - the student-
faculty orgim that oversees the allocation of all student fees and the 
proj4!cts they fund - has announced that it has four undergraduate and 
one graduate student opening for the 1975-76 committee. 

According to Barbara Weintraub, a present member of the com-
mittee/ ~ppointment5 will be made by the college governments and by 
file Graduate Student Council. 

Also, said Weintraub, "in order to give students, especially those 
applying for the committee, a better understanding of what it does/" an 
information meeting will be held tomorrow from 3 to 5 pm in the 
student center. 

The programs the committee funds are in the following areas, among 
others : health services, intercollegiate and recreational athletics, 
counseling and psychological services, the college deans' programs 
and arts and lectures. 

Weintraub said that in addition to changes in existing programs, 
committee members often devise new programs. 

Money controlled by the committee amounts to nearly S1 million. 
Those interested in membership should contact their college 

councils . 

UNWANTED 
PRECNANCY? 

!):!]@@@J !XI@D[?> , c ~@DD 
«}~@,,~~~ ~ 
Women's 

Medical Clinic 
166 Wells Street 
EI Caion, Calif. 

TT Elections 

SOON--

see page 5 

Firebird Sports & Foreign Car 
Service 

7638 Fay Ave., La Jolla, California 92037 
454-1920 

Serving Britl.h. Fr.nch. ltallen end 
Japan •• C ... 

10 /HIn:enr Di,M:()unr with UCSO Studenr Body Card 

~------------------------- -- ----------, 

j G(=-£ fii/~) ! 
. Get Roife~ at the ~ 

Spice Rack Restaurant! 
Presenl Ihls coupon With your meal at the 

unique Spice Rack Garden Reslaurant In Pacltlc 
Beach and you II get rolled Free Take home halt a 
dozen of the tastiest home· made roilS or mullins 
you '''e ever mel ThiS otter IS \lood on Mondays thru 
Thursdays until May 29. ~ 
YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE CJ~ f\. . . 

A GARDEN RESTAURANT 

Mission Blvd . near Grand in Pacific Beach 
7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm 

-----.----------------------

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fitted 
repairs 
hours mon.-fr; 10'30 - B' OO 
sat. , 0·6 ClOsed sundays 

sports arena blvd. 
(across trom Ihe spons arena I 

224 ·2973 224-2974 

Triton Tim •• Wednesday, May 28, 1975 

t The Low Blows and Cheap ~hots Job ' Appllcati~n 
..& Theory and 

Application: 
Before we are firmly in the grips of some maniac-depressive 

by Edw~rd Simoni 

employ~r, we have to fiU out an application form . The idea behind 
these forms seems to be to leave as little as possible for the interviewer, 
to ask the prospective employee. These forms respect no privacy, their 
sole purpose is to get as much information as possible. 

Th is is the theory; below is the application . 

... 

c 
Q) 
E 
>-o Q. 
E 
w 
'-

.E 
c 
o 

+= o 
.~ 

w 

~ 
o 

z 
o Q. ~ 
~ c( 

-< ~ 
'" o 
w.. 
Z 
... 

c( 
z 
~ ~ 
'" 0( w Z Q. 

~ 
o 
o 
i 

! 
VI 

.. 
e 
.D 
E 
:I 
Z 

~ 
c 
.! 
Q; 
a. 
• ... 

.. 

~ 
c 
.. 

Q; 
;; 
'" 

o 
z 

, 1 
o 

o 
z 
., 
a 
~ 
!: 
c 

" ~ 

.t:. 
t: 
:;; 
a 
.. 
u 
a 
~ 

". 

'" ~ 
::I 
a 
... 

! 
0( 

; 
0( 

.<: 
t: 
:;; 
a 
" o 
a 

~ ... . ~ 
'" .21 OJ 0 
x u'O 

1 
1 
I 1 • 

i 
g 
>-
c: 

~ 

SEI 'UP .& STOBI! 
Spring Ski Sale 

All new clothing nnd skiis 
nt rock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENUE_ 
4~4-1410 

TTENTION: 
UCSD's Summer S ••• lon off.,.. many cou,.. ••. Among 
them are: 

PHILOSOPHY 160: 
PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION·· 
"GOD ANGELS AND MAN" , . 

For4 Unit. 

For further information contact the UCSD Summer 
Session Office, 101 Matthews Campus or call (714) 452-
4364 . 

.. c: 

.-

'i 
~ 
-a 
E 
.. 

c: 
• 
.2 

'" .. : 
! 
.2 

~ 
'a 

o 

COLLEG E 
EMPLOYMENT 

FOR THE SUMMER 
WORK IN THE EAST 
EARN $206 / WEEK 

459-0661 

cflato;" 
/pwefeu & 

§lft~ 
(!u~tom (!a~tin9 

§olcbmitfu 
~'ilfJLum£t~ 

:./zWL["fI and rwatch 
upai'lin.q 

Special: Sterlina and 
Gold Filled Pinky Rinas 

$2.95 to 54.95 
DIAMONDS ENGRAVING 

STONE SETIING 
937 Grand Ave . 

12 :ooto 5:00 
........... ~-~:I:'~ .. ~~-. 

Wednesday, May 28,1975 Triton Times 

[ L-___ ~_ne_w_s _in_b_rie_f-___ --II 
Mormons 
Hold Classes 

The Institute of Jesus Christ of 
Latter Day Saints is currently 
operating at UC San Diego, 
displaying the Book of Mormon 
in the plazas and conducting non-
credit religiOUS education classes . 

The Latter Day Saints Students 
Association, an on-campus club, 
holds meetings Wednesday night 
at 7 at the White House across 
from the Muir dorms on La Jolla 
Farms Rd . All members of the 
university community are 
welcome for discussion and 
fellowship . 

The White House, frequently 
passed by students enroute to 
Black's Beach, is owned by the 
Mormon Church . Currently, it is 
used for classes and as residence 
for missionaries working in the 
area. 

Cruiser Available 
For Charter 

The. manager of the Coast 
Cruiser has announced that the 
bus is available for charter by UC 
San Diego departments when it is 
not on one of its regular runs. 

Manager Seth Bates said that 
the cruiser will be available 
between 10 and 11 :45 am and 
1: 15 and 3 pm each day, in ad-
dition to 8 pm Friday through the 
weekend . 

He said the bus could be used 
for "an ind of excursion " The 
bus has a seating capacity of 50, 
and can carry 65 people with 15 
standing -- on short runs. 

Bates said details could be 
obtai ned at the student center . 

A. ' Senate ... 
Continued,from Pale 1 

essential element in an academic 
community of scholars, and 
served as an important bridge 
between professors and un-
dergraduates. I t was felt that the 
resolution expressed the concern 
to go back to the normal con-

. ditions of graduate education of 5 
years ago. 

Opponents to the measure 
thought that the Union' s 
demands would be tooexpensive 
to meet, that_ grad students 
should not get a free education 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45 .. 5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

FAShiON 
A 
T 

' T 
h 
E 

B 
A The LBmon Tree Corner 
R 1049 Camino Del Mar 

E NAVEl 

Women's 
Self-Hell 
Program 

Ever wonder what/s on the 
other end of the speculum? 
Sharon Weremiuk , from 
Womancare Health Clinic in San 
Diego, will present a slide show 
and discussion dealing with the 
cervix and the vagina at 7:30 pm , 
Thursday, in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge. 

Self-help methods will be 
taught and plastiC speculums will 
be sold. This program is open to 
women only . 

3rd Council 
Election 
Is Extended 

The Third College Student 
Council elections were extended 
through yesterday due to 
student requests , according to 
Third College Dean Raymond 
Dye. Dye said students requested 
the extension because many were 
leaVing school to attend the 
Berkeley Jazz Festival held last 
weekend . 

The elections were originally 
cheduled for May 22-23. 

Triton Times 
Elections 

The deadline to submit ap-
plications for Triton Times editor-
In-chief is tonight at 5 pm . 

Applications should be ac-
companied by a referral slip for 

through the waivering of fees, 
and that faculty would be obliged 
to restrict admissions of first year 
grad students . 

The Senate also refused to 
allow Graduate student observers 
to speak to the meeting, with the 
intention of s'upplying cost break-
downs of the Union's proposals. 
According to the rules , no ob-
server of the meeting may speak, 
unless unanimously approved. 
Less than five faculty members 
voted nay to the motion to allow 
a graduate student to speak . 

the job from the student em-
ployment office . The position is 
open to all UC San Diego students, 
but prior newspaper experience 
and former or current TT staH 
status are preferred . 

In addition, the deadline for 
the following positions is Friday 
at 5 pm : managing editor, city 
editor, news editor, community 
editor , business manager , 
editorial director, photo editor, 
arts editor, sports editor, copy 
editor and secretary. 

Free Concert 
At SD State 

Stephen and the Farm Band, a 
music troupe from an 800-
member far.ming commune in 
Tennessee, will give a free rock & 
country concert today at 7 pm in 
the Greek Bowl at San Diego 
State. 

The farm, which opened nine 
years ago, is a self-sufficient 
system with schooling, food 
production and housing. There 
are now 17 separate farms in the 
US - many of which are 
represented on tour by their own 
rock bands -- and one farm in 
Holland. 

Housing ... 
Continued from Page 1 

refusing housing to applicants on 
the basis of age, income or 
inability to sign one-term leases . . 

Assemblyman Robert Clike (R-
San Fernando Valley) said 
homeowners should retain the 
right to refuse housing to students 
who "generally seem to be less 
concerned than others about 
maintenance of property." 

Square a Circle 

" I've heard the same thing 
about the Irish and I don' t believe 
a word of it, " Berman said . . 

Assemblyman Leroy Greene (0-
Sacramento) said Berman was 
" trying to square a circle by 
making students a privileged 
class ." 

"What you're doing," he said, 
" is saying you can discriminate 
against a person because he is not 
a student , but ·you can ' t 
discriminate against a person 
because he is one." 

CHICANO UNDERGRADUATE 
STUDENTS 

Chicano Undergraduate students are needed to par-
ticipate in a study concerning the experience of the 
Chicano in Higher Education . Interviews will be held at 
Matthews Campus 507 starting Weds May 28 'through 
June 6 , 1975. You will be paid $5.00 (approx. two hrs. ) 
for your time. Please call to schedule an appointment 
at your earliest convenience as only 100 students are 
needed. Tel If 452·4149. 

.-

The UJS Present A . 
(OO.Act~~ ~ctOO oo~ooaa 
-a fareweU affair for this year ... 
3 pm Frolic 

-frisbee, football, fun 
6pm Dinner 

-kosher hot clop, potato salad, drink 
8 pm Havdallah 

We prowide food, JOU pnwide spirit 
SAT 31 May 75 

Black' 5 Beach, just below the road 
Union of Jewish Students 

Page five 

Work Stoppage ... 
Continued from Page 1 

reached for comment last night. 
Vice-chancellor for Academic 
Affairs Paul Saltrnan told the 
Triton Times he didn' t feel a work 
stoppage would be in the best 
interests of the grad students . 

"The demonstration ought to 
be where the legislature meets 
and where the gOliernor is. All 
they/re doing is striking against 
undergraduates - I don't know 
how to think otherwise." 

The Academic Senate 
yesterday afternoon voiced its 
support for the GSU and their 
demands (see article -page 1): 
while the Coop nearly 
unanimously supported the GSU. 

Rogers says the support from 
the Senate will bring hesitant grad 
students into the Union, grads 
"who had been unsure <>f what 
the faculty's reaction would be." 

Rogers added that he believes 
no TAs will appear f~r work on 

either of the two days, and he 
sai d other graduate student 
activity will likely cease also. 

Teach-in 
The GSU also approved plans 

for a teach-in on Tuesday -
probably to be held at noon on 
the Revelle plaza - to acquaint 
the community with the grad 
students' situat ion . Another 
spokesman said a rally may be 
held Wednesday afternoon. 

The grads will also hold a 
general meeting Monday for all 
graduate . students, probably in 
the evening in USB 2722. 

Previous GSU meetings had 
headcounts of up to 350 students. 
One grad student attributed the 
IQwer turnout yesterday to a 
lessening of publ ici ty for the 
meeting. 

The Triton Times, which had 
:announced most other GSU 
meetings immediately before 
each session, did not publish 
Monday because of the Memorial 
Day hol iday. _ _ _ _ _ _ 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

The unoffiCIal 
state bird . PSA. has 
more flights connecting 
northern and southern C3it-
fornia than any other airline 

PIA . 

I Fly With u!; for 
a song to eleven CitieS 

Wanttocatch a PSAGnnnlng-
bird? That's easy Just catch 
up With your campus rep 
.... 

"~IHD 
it;eGRC,Qf DOOR' 

(7:00, 9:50, 12:40) 
"RESURRECTioN 

of EVE" (8:20, 11:10) 
Thurs, May 29, Mandeville Aud $1.25 



Trltonnm_ 

Two Views on "A .Burial in Thebes"-
by liIn ShiplUn 

Staff Writer 
by ~rianne lohnson 

If there is one thing that characterizes the UCSD Theatre's (~rYnne Johnson il a pseudonym for a UC Siln Oieao drama 
production of "The Amazina Oedipus Carnival and Raree Show," it underlP'aduate.] 
has to be ((roup effort . The plaza of the Central library demon-
strates hard work. The entire area is drenched with energy. They 
have succeeded in creating not only a physical circus, but a cam ivai 
abnosphere as well . On top of that, the Theatre has staged a full-
scale, complete-with-chorus, authentic Greek tragedy-"A Burial in 
Thebes ." 

One enters this production not through an ordinary door, but 
through a wooden gate onto the library Plaza, Its open air is heavy 
with popcorn smells, The barkers begin to scream for your attention 
as you wander over for a bag of peanuts, The first thing to catch 
your eye is this gaunt-looking wild man who snatches a peanut out 
of your hand as you cruise past him. Cotton candy is thrust in your 
face on the way to the Punch & Judy show. 

There are five side-shows in 
the circus, brilliantly adapted 
to the Greek Oedipus stories. 
For example, there is a 
wrestling match between King 
Laius (who was the real father 
of Oedi pus) and The 
Mysterious Stranger, who is 
Oedipus himself. Then there is 
the Ed King and Josie (Oedipus 
the King and Jocasta, his wife 
and mother) Musical Revue, in 
which the dauntless duo belt 
out such hit tunes as " I Want a 
Girl Just like the Girl Who 
Married Dear Old Dad," But 
while you're having a good 
time, the realization slowly 
creeps upon you that there is 
something serious going on , 

The OediPUS Carnival and Raree show is a novelty in theatre 
presentation, but that's about all, The show opens with a lot of n~ise 
and excitement as the audience members are drawn to the various 
sideshows, where the events leading up to Sophocles' portrayal of 
the Oedipus tragedy are depicted, 

To those unfamiliar with this particular Greek tragedy, these 
exhibits do not make much sense until after the play when the 
audience'can then appreciate the humor of these raree (pretentious 
for carnival) shows. The first 45 minutes - complete with popcorn, 
peanuts and cotton candy-are fun-filled. 

It is the Main Event that is such a disappointment, A dichotomy is 
-set up between the carnival and the plays Oedipus and Antigone, 
After a lot of fanfare comes a cut version of two plays, whose merits 

usually are the psychological 

I struggles, such as Creon being torn between his family and his 
duty as a king, CJnd the awesome 
fear of the power of fate . In this 
version all the dilemmas are cut-
-there is only blood and death, 
and blood and death again . As a 
result, the characters remain 
very one~imensional, and the 
circus-like quality does nothing 
to help , Since much of the play's 
suspense is in the poetry of the 
language, a circus does not fit. A 
farce, or even better, a 
melodrama, would be more 
appropriate , 

Ho;-serious it is gets stil(heavier with the main eve'nt. "A Burial The actors also have trouble projecting their voices, a problem 
in Thebes" is a masterful creation, the result of a collaboration of usually encountered in open air staging, The music and moans, 
talent. It is the familiar Oedipus story adapted for modern which have a wonderful eery quality, sometimes compete with the 
presentation . The audience becomes the people of Thebes, the actors and as a result lines are lost. When airplanes fly over, as they 
circus trucks become the ~oyal palace and the circus people. did twice on the night I saw the play, perhap~s it would be better to 
become the characters in the Play. The excitem~nt of the Midway freeze the action than to have speeches completely drowned out. . 
yields to the intense absorption of the Main Event. I don't think I It i'5 obvious that much work went into the sets and costumes, but 
moved during the entire play, but I don't know if my interest was again, they fall out not only with the play but with the environment 
artistic or simply appreciative of the effort-probably both. as well. When I heard that the library was being used for this 

Continued on Pale 7 

Whit 
Are the Muir o .... 's IntentS 

They're students [like you] who work with the 
Muir College Dean on projects of their choosing. 
They get a new viewpoint on what an ad-
ministrator's life Is like, and gel paid fordoing It. 

Who 
Are the Muir Dean's IntentS 

You could be. Pick up a referral 'rom Student 
Employment and fill out ,n application In the 
Dean's Office, 2125 H&SS as soon as possible. 
Interviews start Immediately. For more Info, call 
x3587 or come by the office and talk to Abe, 
Michelle, Scott, Virginia, or Yvonne, this year's 
intems. 

, . 

Continued on rage 7 

... ~~4IIIl"'«I"»~~~. 
. ~ UCSD: EUROPE .'75_, ~ 
f CH4,R TER FLI.GHTS 
j STILL OPEN 

" 

.. 73 de.,. June 1. . LA/ P.,.. TIA DC.. MIG.GII I~ 
Aug. 21 P.,I.ILA TIA DC.. ~ 

adeYI June22 LA/P.rI. TIADC.. MIG.GII 
&.pt 12 P.rlI/LA TIA DC·10 

~ 52 deYI July 07 LAIP.rll TIA DC.. MIG,GII ~ 2t deYI :::: : :~;:~ ::: ::: MIG.GII ~ S.pt01 PlrlilLA TIA DC-10 ~ 
~ 34 de.,. Aug. 12 LA/ Mldrld TIA DC.. MIlO. ~ on. WIY ::: :~;:~ ::: ::~O ... ~ ~~ Jun.30 LA/P.p •• t. UTA Q72.GII 

TAHITI: July 13 Pap •• t./LA UTA ~i co:::~S:~;;~::=~E:,::::::CI ' ~ 
UCSD Int.'lIItlon C.nt .. 452-0130 
Open: 11.m to 4 pm Mon. Wid, Fri 
~ I.mt01pmTu.&ThulS @ 
Jft~~~~~~~~c:oLQft~~~ 

RCCA Elections! 
(Qnd elect Revelle 'BRG rep) 
Thursday and Friday May 29 & 30 

Ballot Boxes: 
I) Between ArKo Hall and Cafeteria 
2) At Revelle Plaza 

Candidates: 
Mark Rapaport Craig Uchida Nell Trelster Jeffrey A. Tldus 
Richard Yep Wally Relker Leslie Cohen Paula Lunt 
Marta Houske Lloyd Thacker Robin Mitchell 

Wednesday, May 28,1975 

Concert Choir 
To Sing 
Tomorrow 

The UCSD Concert Choir and 
Chamber Singers, directed .by 
John large of the UCSD Music 
faculty, will sing Missa Super 
"dixit Maria", by Hassler, Six 
Chourses by Brahms, Ravel 's Trois 
Chansons, and Four Cummings 
Choruses, by Persichetti 
tomorrow at 8 pm at the Man-
deville auditorium. 

A leading German composer of 
the early 17th century, Hassler 
was appointed organist to Dc-
tavian II Fugger and the Elector of 
Saxony , As chief kapellmeister of, 
Nuremberg, he composed a 
number of masses still heard in 
church services today. 

His love for folk music in 
general, and gypsy music in 
particular, is exemplified in Sbc 
Choruses by Brahms, one of the 
outstandi ng classical composers 
of all times. In performing Trois 
Chansons, brilliant pastiches of 

~he " folk" style, the UCSD 
Concert Choir pays tribute to the 
Ravel Centennial (1875-1975), 

Currently a faculty member of 
the Philadelphia Conservatory 
and Juilliard School of Music, 
Vincent Persichetti , is a product 
of his time, as i llustrated by his 
works which assimilate diverse 
influences of today and syn-
thesize them into a personal 
style. Simply constructed, his 
music is notable for its warmth 
and brilliance and imaginative 
adaptation of tradtional figures to 
contemporary style. 

Director John large, is a singer 
who has concertized widely in 
the US and abroad. An authority 
on voice, he teaches courses at 
UC San Diego in applied voice, 
odology-voice science- in ad-
dition to the Opera Studio and 
Young Artists Opera Theatre, 

The concert is free and open to 
the publk. ~ 

STUDOOS ~~~ ~~. 
DISCOUNT TICIETS 

alb g~ tbtatrt 
-

C __ ,* .... Ori,iool" Di,_ low JoII • . 
• ic..... T .... ' ••• III •• IN ... l"in .., 
St.","" SCMrt, • OrI.il\lllY ~,"'_ on 
tt.. N_ V'r. ab._ br Ed,.r It,,ih,,/Stu.rt 
OUM-MO ... ,.. lervfl. I 

0PEJa MAY 27 
.ril"",j". wilt! 11M Jor If lift , this jltt.r · 
Ntionel ",,,IiCiI hif bursts . ith Ip'rllli". 
,.uttt'ulnH' .nd ,.'rll"in. Optlfl".m-," 
'Iv""'ant, f ... • ...... in. 1M wittr t,.atment of 
tM ,."bm ".'" St. "",,"'s GM"I. 

.Herf.liOM/lnformalion 9:30 to 9:00 
T.ltpll_ 239·2255 

_ '.8:30 "' ... 
fri • 50' Ev. ., ,$6 DO 
Tue , W.d . Thut & Sun h, $5 00 
Sit' Su. 110. $4 ,50 
STU DENTS (lhru ,011 ... ) 

lUI, Wid, fhur , Sun Eft 
s.t & Sun Mit 

SENIOR CITIZENS (60 Ind. ...,) 
S.t , Sun MI' Only _ 

Crou p Discounts A"I,llbl. 

"rformtd It lilt 

carttr centre stage 
.ditc.nt to 01' Ilobe t"tltr, 

hal_ perk 

I non-t)roflt 
pu bt Ie .. ,vtel 

.,.ncy 

Birth 
ContrQI 
Institute 

• Counseling 

• PreWlII'ICV T "ting 
.· .Abortion· 

• Birth Control 

• V_tomy 

• Fern ... Sterilization 
Call BCI for 

confidentill assistance 
(714' 2B3·6:t51 

(1'4) 560-5757 

Wednesday, May 28,1975 

Bradbury, "Return to 
Small Towns Necessary" 

. by Marie Stacler 
'Community Eeltor 

They tell me I'm supposed to be objective about Ray Bradbury , 
The fools , 
Bradbury, to George Clayton Johnson, is like "a fourteen year old 

kid, who runs through the universe shouting the sky is falling ; and 
doing it in his own special unique way: Anyone who saw the famous 
writer last Thursday night in an overflOtYing Mandeville Auditorium 
realizes just how apt that description is, especially the last part. 

Bradbury, " in his own special unique way," exploded in a 
celebration d life, spreading his love for mankind over everyone, 

He rambled through everything in his hour and a half, from science 
fiction to city planning to Disneyland to Melville, Bradbury speaks in 
never ceasing bursts of energy, his hands waving a.1) imatedh,. to 
reinforce his words . 

Become Best 
The substance of Bradbury's talk was based on lifework and love, He 

told the audience : find something you lc>Je to do, do it, become the 
best in your field and then you're not working because you're doing 
some thing you love. He returned to that point more than once, with 
reference to himself and his writings , 

Bradbury announced that he has two main projects right now. The 
first is to exhume lyndon Johnson and impeach him, "because what's 
good for Nixon is good for the other sonofabitch ." 

The second is to airlift one million New Yorkers to Camp Pendleton, 
500,000 Detroiters to Alabama and 750,000 Chicagoans to Phoenix, 
because the big cities "don ' t work anymore ," 

This led to Bradbury's interest in city planning, which he defined as 
"turning mobs into humans" agai"n , The only answer to the dilemma of 
the big city is to " blow up most of it and start over," Small towns, with 
small town democracy, is what Bradbury desires. 

To design the small town Bradbury would get people from 
Disneyland, because "they know how to do it." Bradbury is enthralled 
with the mechanics of Disneyland, with its people moving equipment, 
with its possibilities for "letting us love each other again ," 

After the Disneyland people design the prototype, Bradbury would 
turn to the big corporations " who we all pretend to hate," who do good 
things " if we love them" because a corporation isn't a "blind thing ... but 
is made up of real people".with consciences." 

Reill Democrilcy 
A return to small towns of 40,000 people is necessa ry to achieve a 

return to real democracy, which Bradbury said is where people can sit 
down at a table and talk with their representatives as equals . This 
Bradbury calls " radical conservatism ." 

mere are some who might have been overwhelmed by Bradbury 'S 
style, who might brand him an egomaniac . They're wrong, His style is 
so full of energy and enthusiasm born of his love for mankind that he 
couldn't hold it back, even if he wanted to. 

Thebes-Shipman ... 
Continued from Page (, 

The acting was vigorous and sustained , with only a few lines lost-
more from airplane and automobile noise than an actor's mis·take. 
Gary Guidinger was particularly eHective as Teiresias, an old 
hermaphroditic seer who is blind , Swirling around on a pair of stilt's 
(to create a larger-than-life impression?), Guidinger sank into a fit of 
prophetic rage and torment. Robert MacDougall as Oedipus , and 
Craig Zehms as Creon both delivered strong, steady performances , 

One of the most interesting features of this production is the work 
of the Extended Vocal Techniques group as a kind of contemporary 
chorus. Droning intonations vocally he ighten the tension at certain 
key spots; you hear the tension bui Id , and your gut responds ac-
cordingly by wrenching. itself into a nasty knot. The EVT group also 
did a great job as the Furies plaguing Teiresias. 

Of course, one's knowledge of the Oedipus story would increase 
one 's enjoyment, and so I strongly urge you to re-familiarize 
yourselves with Sophocles before you see the "Oedipus Carniva l 
and Raree Show." Again , there is a serious attempt here to present 
ancient drama in a contemporary form, but I am personally more 
impressed with how the problems of adaptation were handled. 
What shows more clearly than anything else is, of course, the 
enormous amount of work that went into this production . Be sure to 
see it this weeke"d; let your head take a Freudian vacation with a 
modern Oedipus . 

By the way, the peanuts and cotton candy were delicious, 

Thebes-Johnson ... 
Continued from Page (, 

production I was rea'lIy excited , The huge cement columns and 
library struc ture lend to the spectacular and monumental elements 
of a Greek tragedy . Even the shadows between the columns add to 
the larger-than-life feel ing that arise$ in a play that deals with 
royalty and the gods. 

The carnival, though, only fulfills the spectacular, not the 
monumental. The circus wagons appear foreign and are dwarfed by 
cement. To create a carnival atmosphere, the softball field would 
have been a better chOice, since grass and dirt are vital parts of a 
circus scene, 

The breakdown between the carnival atmosphere and the 
concrete surrounding was especially apparent to l11e when I looked 
over the set in the daytime. The few colored flags and strings of 
lights looked silly hanging from this emmense complex, The 
wooden and metal platforms that serve as a stage stand out from the 
columns rather than complementing them . 

The interpretation of the costumes is on a very intellectual level. 
With the words "i ncest" and "murderer" across Oedipus' robe in a 
circus poster style and carefully planned similiarities between the 
character's garments, it is difficult to see their meaning, for they do 
not seem to go with the tackiness and glitter that is established in 
the 45 minutes of carnival. 

The prOduction never gels as a whole and shifts between a freak 
show and an eloquent, involved drama , The point the director is 
try i ng to r:nake never really comes across . , 

If the production is meant lust to be entertaining and novel, 
maybe another choice of play was needed , If the focus IS to be on 
Oedipus and Antiaone, maybe a different approach was needed. As 
it i now, the point is unclear , 

Triton Timl.. 

Integrated . 
Music ' \ Slated 
for Friday 

A concert of electro-acoustic 
music will be presented on May 
30, in the Mandeville recital hall , 
at 9 pm . 

Included in the program will be 
Herbert Brun's Piece of Prose 
(1972) produced at the Electronic 
Music Studio in Warsaw, Poland, 
Brun is well known as a theorist of 
experimental music, particularly 
with regards to the uses of 
computers and the political 
implications of such work. 

Other works on the program 
wm be G, M . Koenig's Funktion 
Gelb, (1968), a systematic study 
involving computer-generated 
control functions to control 
electronic mus ic modules, and 
Curtis Roads' (Prototype), (1975), 
a computer synthesized model of 
algorithmic composition 
techniques appl ied to music . 

More unannounced works will 
be included in the program . 

Page seven 

Film: Steve Esmedina 

Russel 'Tramples' Tommy 
Ken Russel is probably the only filmmaker who could have 

transferred the cartoon piety of " Tommy" to the screen. His style-a 
vat of rococo swill is the perfect visual vehicle for the glib 
histrionics of Peter Townshend's seminal !'rock opera ." Russel 
doesn't really transfer, or even transcend "Tommy." More ac-
curately, he tramples it, turns it upside down and inside out with the 
same kind of vomitous enthusiasm he puked up in "The Devils" and 
"The Music lovers ." The result is the most exciting movie-musical 
since " Bye Bye Birdie ." 

The unusual thing about "Tommy" the movie, is that it is sub-
stantially worthless and it knows it. The original "opera" was even 
less important because it was strenuous but no fun , Now, its value is 
historical and mostly negative, Without it, we might have been 
spared things like " Jesus Christ Superstar" or even a Who disaster 
like "Quadrophenia." But Russel has tapped on a methodology that 
has eschewed thouglit, subtlety, and balance in an effort to 
legitimize garbage as an art form . No one can deny that his films are 
visually upsetting, In theory they may be totally wrong-headed, but 
in actuality they serve the same function as good pronography: they 
titillate. With cosmic fluff like "Tommy," about the only viable way 
of handling the piece is to blow it up to gargantuan proportions, and 
Russel's served it well . Crowds are choreographed so wildly they 
resemble an epileptic uprising. Fish~yed close-ups stack up. The 
singing of all the principles (Ann Margaret, Ol iver Reed and Roger 
Daltrey) is strident . And the big-name cameos all seem like they 
were dragged in, inflated, and bounced around to look like 
travesties of their star images. 

Everything moves along bludgeoningly so that Townshend's 
juvenile metaphors never have a chance to register. All super-stars 
are Christ figures-yes, Pete, we know, So what? So nothing. Or, for 
Russel , so everything you can throw in . 

.YBBAGB 
.BITBBARD 
REFUND 

For tickets purchased at the Ticket Center Box Office 
Deadline Extended until May 30 

Box Office hours: Noon • 4:30, Tues .. - Fri. 

,/ 

(f 



Paleeilht 

Lecture Notee araenlutlonellllMtl .... 
...... for IU"'_ ...... Commuter 
Center· I •• H .... today II12II 

··Lecture Notee" .. eItve ft well In the 
Commuter Center • llell. Hell, Revel .. 
L ...... 'ubecr!ptlone .ncllor .ood 
~ welcome. MWF 11-2; T,Th 
2-41111/.' 

FREE COMPUTER nME . N.xt f.II, 
APft .. 11 Iformertv AP&IS 10, lOA or 
1MI will be HIf·peced, with computer 
time on .mell Int ... ctlv. machine. 
with .I'IIplllc dlapleya. TUTORS .... 
needed, either In AP&IS ,. or •• 
voIuntMfS. For cletalla. _ Un •• 
APftlS Dept. IIIZlI 

Trltonnm •• 

What's Happening 
FRESHMEN. SOPHOMORES AND 
JUNIORS. Avletlon _ta In the N.vy 
.nd Air fibre. .... difficult to obteln. 
RESERVE YOUR AVIATION .EAT 
NOW. Cell Lt. FRANK BU.H. USN 213-
.... 1 .. 111 
Appllcetlona .... now being taken for 
ateWwIde COtnmittee eppoIntmenta . 
Grede .nd under.... ... Bencty. 
Stud.nt Or •• nlz.tlon., 2nd floor. 
North. Student Center. IInd.1 
Appllcetlona for TheeIe & DI~tlon 
R •••• rch Gr.nt. from r •• I.t.r.d 
• reeIU11t. .tudenta due M.y 30. 8M 
your dept for Info. 111301 

I , . I 
Surf Club meetln. tonl.ht conc.rnlng 
movl. P.clflc Vlb ... tlona. 7:30 pal 1117 
IIIZlI 

C.mpue Prog ... m Boerd. todey. 4:00 
pm. Stud.nt C.nt.r Conf room. 
Stud.nta InvItecIlll2Il 

CPB Gym Concert Subcommittee. 
tomorr_. 4:00 pm. Student Center 
111211 

4th ltudenta: 4th Forum meeting on 
cempue wide committee poeItI_ 
Thu ..... pm. Rev .... Inf_1 Lou ..... 
Mor.lnfo . prov08t·. offIc •. 11/281 

~tivities ) 
PRE·MEDS .nd .11 Internted In hNlth 
c.r. 1 •• u •• ··CONGRESSMAN BOB 
WILSON. Rev .. l. Pie,.. todily. noon. 
15/21) 

Thura: SEMINAR: ANTONIA BRICO 
Wom.n conductor Ifllml Recltel H.II. 
M.ndeville C.nt.r noon. IIIZlI 

Wed: CONCERT CHOIR Aud.. M.n· 
devil .. C.nt.r':OO p. m. IIIZlI 

Wed.. Mey ZI 12 noon "Turbulenc." 
USI2122 IIIZlI 

SeIf·H.lp prog ... m . Introduction to 
Your Cervi. by Wom.nee.... Women 
only. Thu ... 7:30 pm. Rev .... Informel 
Lou ..... 111281 

CARD YOURSELF PARTY .t the 
Stud.nt C.nter thl. SeturdeY NI.ht II-
11 M.y311p1/301 

Ane NI.to-Gomez . "Lo. T.m •• Con· 
t.mpor.neo. d. I. Chlc.n •. St. C.nt.r. 
Thu ..... 3 pm Recepclon • MCa 313. 
Ipm. Pr ... by Chic. St. & MEChA IIIZlI 

Wednesday, May 28,1975 

Benefit "Wine .nd ChMae T •• tlng 
P.rty." June I. Squlbabob Squar •• Old 
T_n . Tlcketl .,0 .nd 100 'II. tea 
deductible. For Inform.tlon .nd tloketl, 
call Chrl. preferably .. rIy morning. or 
evening. ·4I1-01 .. lpl/ZII 

S",rf flick P.clflc Vlbretlona Frt 111., .t 
.:00 UCSD Gym ".00 111301 

Flv •• cr .. nln •• of 2 Shakeapeer. film •. 
f,.. .nd opan to every_: King L .. r. 
directed by Pet.r Brook. with P.ul 
Scofl.ld .nd the Roy.1 Shek .. p .. ,. 
Comp.ny. Tu .... M.y 27. 7:30 pm. HL 
Aud; W.d.. M.y ZI. 7 pm H&SS 2210. 
M.cbeth. dlr.cted by Rom.n Pol.n.kl. 
Thura.. M.y 21. 10 AM. H&SS 1330; 
Thura .. M.y 21 7 PM. H&SS 2210; Fri .• 
M.y 30. 7 PM. HftSS 22IO. lli/ZlI 

:--------Advertisements for Ourselves -----------1 
f __ fo_f safe I 

STROMIERG· CARLSON 220 AMp· 
TUNER & G.rrard All Turntab' .... 
TWO IMC-12 4 w.y .peakera. new.200 
ICOIt MOOI4Il ·II7III/301 

HURCUlES 10-.peed bike. 21". N.w 
cu.tom •• et. MD.OO 481·9I19Ili/30) 
15 Speed Bicycl. - Fr.nch 21" fr.m • . 
Suntour. Shim.no g •• rlng. M.f.c 
br.k ••. Ju.t ovarhaul.d. Chroma front 
and R •• r dropoutl . .. Mlk. 462·1 .... 
15/211 

71 HONDA 310 Sl & B.II H.lm.t $300. 
76I-104O 11111 

12·.trln. Guitar (Y.m.ha) 1 yr·old. 
axc.lI.nt condition. Muat hNr to .p-
precl.t.. M.k. off.r. B.rry 462·"" or 
ev ... 463-4711. 1111) 

ROLLING STONES TICKETS: LA Forum 
In July. Good 'NtI. Cell .... ,1. I .. t 
to r .. ch 1 pm till mldnl.ht. 11111 

Kodak In.tam.tlc 133 color outfit 
perfect condition "0.00 753-7412 .ft.r I 
pm. (li/lO1 
• Suzuki _ Good condition. Muet 
IeII. R.ndy after I. __ II12II 

72 Ch.vY Mill •• ..., hom.. ..If· 
contained· ___ .,. 

EARTH SHOEI: lin I. Style 1 •. 
Wom.n' . unclel. Herdly wom. E.o"'. 
condition. P.ld ".00, .aklng t21D.OO K.t 
272-401. or ...... 111211 

Primo Stlckl Muat .. II. 1'11" Ru_1 
Surfboerd In .ood condition ... 
Rob.rt ..... 3778. (li/301 

2 Roundtrip PSA ticket. to SFX. V.ry 
ch .. plll 462·1473lli/2l1 

Elkow Mod.I No. Ith-llii5 4\4 " Refl.ctor 
Tal •• cop. ft tripod ft 3 .y.pl.c ••. 
Navar u •• d. ChNP. 462·1473. (li/2l1 

H73 Hond. Cll00 Motorcycl. 4000 
mila •. like n.w. plu. axtr ••. Mu.t •• 11. 
756-7511 Mark (112) 
FENDER·STRATOCASTER . Ex. condo 
wI ell. $250 Chri. 452-!1105 (1/2) 
" Put .om.thlng exciting b.twa.n your 
I.g." l000cc Harl.y Davidson Sporttt.r 
(1972·XlH) Blu • . semi·stock. $1700. S •• 
d.lly in front of BSB. l.ava nota ·Ed 
488-7517 (6 /4) 

1971 Motorcycla. Italian. 125 cC. E.· 
caU.nt condition $400. 459-2481 (614) 

1974 Toyot. Calica GT. AM·FM Radio. 5 
spaed. Excellent condition $3600 459-
2481 (6 /41 
Diving g •• r . t.nk w I backpack. Full 
wat.uit. snork.l. wt. b.lt. Vary good. 
W.rren 452-1970 (6121 

71 Pinto 1600 cc, Very good condition. 
1200 cc Ros • . (~9227 (612) 

Nikno. II Unt 'er W.t.r Cam.r • . • 130.00 
l .. th.r C'IC'. John Byrna 433--4* 
(li/2l) 

T.p. d.ck. .uto·rev.,... S.n.ul 
SD7000· R.mote control. Veri.bl. 
output, lI.t ... .. king $376. 452·111& 
1111 Bya. 11/21 

CRAIG 3143 E~t"ck deck. like naw. MD 
or beat off.r. C"rlon AMIFM c.r radio. 
excal. cond .. b"t off.r, .ft.r 1:00 pm, 
___ • Joh" (t/30) 

Will tr.d. Guild 12·.trln • • doubl. pick 
up Hollow Body. Orlg." for .ny 
decant .t.r.o worth .round $210. M.k. 
off.r 412-1311 (li/301 

Sony TC·m . thr .. motor. thr .. h •• d 
prof",'on.' qu.llty r •• l-to-r •• ' d.ck In 

. exc.llant condition with r.mot. 
control . • 300 l_l. ___ or 212"-
11/301 

CAMERA. EXACTA. EXA· I. S.LR .• ood 
condo S.crlflc. "".00 211-1,. Larry 
(1i/Zl' 

MOVING SALE: I.r •• wood.n ch .. t of 
draw.ra .,1. m.tel d ...... r '10. 3·.peed 
blka '11i. non-functional TV Mi. C.II or 
INv, m .... g • . BIII7!6-2841 (li/Zl) 

1961 M.rcury Vary F ina Condition 
Power Brks . • tearing. Ona Own.r U75 
454-1333 (61 2) 

DOKORDER 7050. .1. h •• d.. .uto 
r.v.ra •. acho .• oundon.ound. r.cord. 
both dlr.ction.. ..If contained .mp. 
n.ed •. 3OO/b .. t off.r. BRIAN 462·" 
(li/301 

ORIENTAL RUGS handm.d •. dlff.r.nt 
liz... CHEAPI Pi .... c.1I 211-3400 or 
282·27eI (li/231 
FREE KITTENS. f.t .nd f.,.ty . 218-1.7 
(1121 

ff7 TRIUMPH HERALD MiIIO/offar St.v. 
4li8-23IO.403 weekd.y.lli/Zl) 

SONY C353 St.reo r.p.cord.r '310.00 
Z.nith AMIFM Clock r.dlo. " .00 
Z.nith BIW T.I.vl.lon " .00 All .Imo.t 
new. 469-71188 Ron or Su.Ip6/281 

-

73% Hond.3IiO-4. low mil .. g •• roll· bar. 
hl.hw.y peg •• br.nd n_ tlr ... r.c.nt 
tun.up. b.II·.tar hal mat. cov.r. ex· 
c.lI.nt cond .. $l25/b .. t offar 452·1513; 
C.rlo./J.ff. (5/281 

TRIUMPH SPITFIRE '67 good but n •• d. 
mech. r.p.ir. MOO.OO or b •• t off.r. 
Own.r I •• ving country. 458-71188 Ron or 
Su.lpl/2I1 

Solid •• ta. automatic radiO. AMIFM 
tun.r w I 8 tr.ck tap. d.ck. $311. 
M •• t.rwork Turntabl. w I ch.ng. fr ••. 
Gin. 272-6071 (6/11 

housing 
Staff n •• d. 1 bdrm or Ig .tudio 
w/ g.r.g. in Sol.n. Bch for occup.ncy 
6/15-7/15. $10 REWARD if move In. 
x37!iO d.YI. (pII/281 

VISITING PROFESSOR NEEDS HOME 
NEAR UCSD· JULY 25 THROUGH 
AUGUST 25. Two adults and thr •• 
chlldr.n. Exc.lI.nt r.f.r.nc .. provld.d. 
462·3548Ip11/28) 

G.n..... Highl.nds townhouse. 2 
bdrm. 1 b.th. 2 mil.. from UCSD 
$2S0/ mo (or two shar.) . Rick at 452·8465 
or 462-4266. (pS/ 2) 

Male or f.male roommate want.d. own 
room $10 includ.. utll. cabla TV. 
telaphona. So. Clalr.mont Big V.rd. 
275-0960 aft.r5. R.ndy or DianalpS/301 

Roomm.t. n"d.d Jun. 15. Non· 
smok.r with pl.nt. for 0.1 M.r apt. 
with sam • . 755-4364 (5/281 

Buutiful furnish.d 2 b.droom .p.rt· 
m.nt. P.clfic B.ech. Av.lI.bl. for 
.umm.r. vary r ••• onabl • . 270-7210. 462-
3133. 270-4344ln.lghbore) 11130) 

F.m. Rmt for .umm.r to .har. 2 bdrm 
haUl. w,.,,;j in P.B. non-.mok.r. 
$12.10 272·1374 b.for. noon •• ft.r • pm. 
(1/2) 

W.nt.d . 1 f.m.l. hou •• m.ta (mid 
Jun.·S.ptl . Own room. b •• utlful 
hou ••• 2 block.UCSD •• ". month. 
K.thy • • xt. 2172 or 4I2-1231lli/ZlI 

F.m.I. roomm.t. n .. d.d for .ummer. 
.har. hou.. In P.clflc BNCh with 2 
other f.m.I ... 1 block from OCNn. _n 
room. $82.00. month. T.rry or Sue 272-
31.15/Z11 

Hou .. m.t. needed for .umm.r .• m.1I 
room In I.rg. hou ••. n •• r b •• ch. pool. 
j.cuzzl. Ihuffleboard. .k.t.boerdlng. 
n.gotl.bl.481 ·1OII11/211 

ROOM NEEDED In CI.I ... mont for 
lumm.r. H.v •• ny 'P.c.? Will con.lder 
• nythlng f.lrly ch .. p. AI... 412 ..... 
11i/281 

F.m.l. roomm.t. w.nted for .umm.r. 
LJ. $I7.50/mo. AI.o w.nt F. roomm.t. 
for Aug l·S.pt. 41i1-M42. (11281 

H"pl • N.ed pl.ce for ·75-71 .chool ye.r 
in 0., M.r or Sol.n. BHch. H.v. dog. 
70-100 p.r month. RU!ll462-lln. 15/301 

W •• re looking for two room. In hou •• 
for Jun. 1.t or .hortly th.r .. ft.r. Two 
room .pt would tuffic.. D.vld Kari.1 
462-4230. Bruc. M.ltz.r464-7074 11128) 
Summ.r . n.ed f.mel. roomm.t. to 
.h.r. m .. t.r bdrm In 3 bdrm hou •• 2 
bike from UCSD. R.nt .10 J.nlc. 4Ii3-
411315/301 

W.nt.d: Sln.l. room In hou.. or 
.partm.nt with oth.r f.melel.} for f.lI . 
"00/mo. m •• lmum. Pr.f.r 0.1 M.r 4Ii3-
8345 Su.lli/301 

Hou •• m.t. w.nt.d. Non.mok.r. Own 
roo," In Solan. BHCh. M7 p.r month 
plu. utllltl ... C.rl 7!&-0817. b.tw .. n I 
.nd 10 p.m.lli/301 

Roomm.t. w.nt.d. Own room. 3-bdrm 
hou ••. Short w.lk to cempu • . • ,15 4Ii3-
316711121 

Roomm.t. w.nted to .h .... furnl.hed 
two bedroom hou •• In P.B. Jun. lt1-
Sept. 15. 1 % blocke from b •• ch. n .. r 
bu • . • 110 plu. % utllltl ... B1II4I2-2IiIiI or 
__ 5412. 1112) 

F.m.l. w.nted to .har. 2·badroom 
with coupl. In Sol.na BNch. Pr.f.r 
v ••• tarl.n. til 7!i6-OMI morning. or 
.v.nlng. (li/301 

F.rlI'.l. looking for room In hou.e or 
• p.rtm.nt with on. or two oth.r 
wom.n . .ummer thru the ye.r. La 
JolI,,/D.1 M.r .rH. -100. l •• II.469-tiIOO. 
15/28) 

Qui.t mal. non.mok.r n •• d.d to ,her. 
room in condo clo.. to UCSD for 
summer $70 gl.nn 4li29981 k.ren 
4631861 (5/281 

W.nt.d . Room from June 1-14 will 
h.,p wI r.nt. B.rry 488-1132 or 462· 
977'5. 
F or Sal • . T.nni. R.cqu.t. WII.on T· 
2000 $20 (51 28) 

Thr •• f.m.I •• want.d. four bdrm. two 
b. townhou ••. Avallabl. Jun. 30 $75 ft 
utiliti... 3 mil.. to school 462-0175 
161 21 

G.n..... Highlands townhou18. 
tast.fully furni.h.d 3 bdrm 11 /2 bath. 2 
mil.. from UCSD from July 1.t 
$3251 mo. 452·9642 (1)612) 

N •• d f.male roommate to shar. large 2 
b.droom condominium with 2 other 
girls $96.00 mo. R •• lly nlc • . D.bbi. 462-
9969 or Sue 481-0141 (5/281 

Sh.re hou •• for .umm.r. Jun. 1t1-F.II. 
C.rdlff Lagoon $130 month. Pr.f.llor. 
Gr.d .tud.nt. MORF. _-1748 Judy. 
15/211 

Coupl. to p.rtlclp.t. In r.mblin. 
hou ••. W.·r. peopl. into cr.ft •• g.rd.n. 
mu.ic. w.t.r. pc .. n vl_ In North 
C.rdlff. "40/mo. compl.t • . 431-3111. 
Any tim • . 11130) 

3 roomm.t .. needed Juna 15-Sapt. 11. 
PI.ymoor Condominium. 2 ml. .a.t of 
c.mpus. $751 mo. furnl.hed. .,..-
.ft.r 10 p.m. (li/301 

N .. d F.m.l. Roomm.t. for n.xt y •• r . 
B .. utlful 0.1 M.r Apt on Blk from 
B •• ch . on Coe.t Crulsor Rout. 715-
7231 - Jo Ann (1IZ11 

F.II 75-Fem.la roomm.t. n .. d.d to 
.har. 1 br .• pt. near c.mpu •. $961 mo. 
Non.mok.r. S.ndy 462·al. (li/281 
Room for R.nt: mid Jun.Mid S.pt. 
Th. g.rd.n i. grOWing. ro... .r. 
blooming. Ov.rlook. • I.k.. Howard 
'V". 743-1097. (5/28) 
For R.nt: 1 B.droom .pt. Downt_n 
San Di.go from 6/15 • 9/ 15 $75 mo. 
FURNISHED 236·9193 Ev.ning. 462·9962 
Day • . (1/2) 

F non.moker n •• d. singl. room for 
summar .v.llabl. Jun. 1-15 in Playmor· 
La Joli. VI.te .r .. 462·9517 Vicki (1/281 

F.mal. roomm.t. n .. d.d Juna15 · S'P 
11i own room. na.r .chool .•• or I ... & 
utI. Troy 462-0411; Holly/T.r. 462·1172 
Ili/2l1 

want~ 
RIDERS WANTED. I .m gOing to S.n 
Francl.co M.y 21th or 2Ihh . nltetlm •. 
Need. for •••. 431-13111 .ft.r3:OO.15/Z11· 

Int.r .. t.d In .. , ling Ch.nn.1 1.I.nd. 
thl •• umm.r? Aboard 311' •• lIin~loop. 
Scuba dlv • . S.nd r .. um. gf •• If. J .T. 
P.O. Box 471 Oc .. n~d •• .c.llf. I2OIi4 
(111) 

N .. d. Doubl. B.d. 4IiS-0034 or &-e204 
15/281 
Chlc.no Und.rgr.du.t. stud.nta .[. 
needed to p.rtlcipet. In •• tudy con-
c.rnlng the .xp.ri.nc. of the Chic.no 
in Higher Education. Int.rvl_. will b. 
h.,d .t M.nh_. C.mpu. 607 .tartlng 
W.d • . M.y 28 through Jun. I . You will 
b. paid $1.00 I.pprox. two hra.1 tor your 
tim ••. Pl •••• c.1I to .ch.dul •• n .p. 
pointm.nt .t your .arli •• t conv.ni.nc • 
II only 100 .tud.ntl .r. n .. d.d. T.I. 
#462-4141. (p 5/301 

Wanted to Buy: Sm.1I G •• log. P.ul 
aft.r Ii 2!I6-Oa around .'5. 15/281 

I'· personals I 
G.t your te.th into som.thing julcyl 
Th. Food CooP. BI.k. H.II (n •• t to the 
Ic. r .. m Hu.tl.rll0·4 d.lly 11>6/81 

Mik. P •• d · H.ppy B·D.y. C.n·t w.it to 
taka .. r.fu .... with you ag.in. Lov. your 
Ohio hillj.ck. (5/28) 
CARD VOURSELF PARTV at the 
Stud.nt C.nt.r this Saturd.y night (8· 
11 . Mey 31 . Co~. to h.v •• good tim • . 
or don't com. .t .1I. lli/301 

REWARD: . 10 forth. r.turn of a brown 
wall.t and 10' . lo.t on Muir Campu. In 
or near Tlog. Hall. 2nd Floor. Mik •. 462· 
8185. (li/301 

TO THE CONED NERO WHO WON'T 
SIGN HIS NAME FOR FEAR OF NOT 
GETTING INTO MED SCHOOL: Pl .... 
b •• dvl •• d th.t th.ra do •• I.t tho •• 
who do not •• plr. to b.com •• n M.D. 
but wi.h to purau •• c.r •• r In .cl.nc • . • 
Fred (li/281 

K·3. K·2. lou Reed • • nd .11 my other 
C'ON frl.nd.: I'm gonn. ml .. you .11 • 
lot, T.k. cere. pi ..... La M ... llov. Y'. 
D.b. (1IZ11 

l.P. ·Ju.t wh.n I thought I w •• fr ... nd 
N.y 
You c.m •• Iong to m. soft .nd br .. zy 
N_ I'm f.llln. in lov. with you . PAR 
111211 

Steve S .. I h •• r you gave your flanc ... 
I .C. I •• dlemond too t ... dltlonel for 
you?ly the W'Y. whan·. the weddln.? 
IIIZlI 

C.A.S. your n •• d.d. Proml •• 
Tranquility. Lov •• A.T. IIIZlI 

To the girl In the pink p.j.m •• ft the 
d_rt boot •. 1.1t Thura. Who .r. you? 
C.n I ... you .g.ln .om. nl.ht? Lov •• 
your B •• ch Buddy. IIIZlI 

HELP · whll. hltchhlkln. S.turd.y M.y 
17 I I.ft • p.ckag. from "Judy." in • 
gr .. n c.r. loy who picked m. & my 
hu.b.nd up In La Joli. by Bully •• nd I.t 
u. off .t UCSD .round I w •• goln. out 
to •• t with p.r.ntl from Arcedl.. H. 
w.s .n .ngin .. ring m.jor. Pl .... c.1I 
Cathy . 431·5146 IC.rdiff) coll.ct. V.ry 
import.nt to m •. 15/281 

UCSD stud.nt· run d.ting s.rvlc • . 
bas.d upon prof.llion.1 
psychologic.lly·d.slgn.d compatibility 
tests. i. now acc.pting m.mb.rahlp 
applic.tion • . Mon.y b.ck gu.r.nt .. .. 
INFO 464-1&41 (1/81 

. 

services 
TYPln. IBM. Exp.rI.nc •. carbon rll1bon. 
reporta. thall ••• ccu ... t •• 10 cent •• nd 
up. P.m 510-1217 .fter I pm IpllZII 

YARD .nd GROUNDS •• rvlca. Ex. 
t.n.lv. CLEAN·UP. heuling. Exp.rt tr .. 
trim. prune .nd remov.1. DIGGING AI 
m'~III" 
FULLER IRUSH Boar Irl.tl. H.lr· 
bru.h... For Full.r Bru.h S.rvic. 464-
IIIi4I or 8-737111/11 

If you .r •• olng hom. thl •• umm.r but 
w.nt to I .. v. your . eer h.r •. I'll tek. 
c.r. of it .nd P.y you. Bob 462· .... 
11/21 

Sev. youra.1f .om. monayl I'll r.pail 
your motorcycl •• nd t •• ch you how to 
do It whil. I do It Gr ... 272·1132 .ft.r I 
pm I •• v. m .... g • . 1p4S1I) 
Summ.r work back E.It. E.m t2431. 
C.1I4&e-0181.11I11 . 

RESEARCH AIDS · North Am.rlc.·. 
Isrg •• t •• rvlc •. For c.talogu ••• nd .2 
to: E ... y Sarvlc ••• 57 Sp.dlne #201. 
Toronto. Ont.rio. C.n.d • . AI.o. 
campu. r.pr ••• nt.tlv •• r.qulr.d. 
Pi .... writ • . 41.· ...... lpll I) 

Anyon. int.r •• t.d in inform.tion 
reg.rdlng purch ••• of • HANG 
GLIDE R or INrnln. how to fly. 
contact MichNI __ ~ or Jim 412-
97711. 15/281 

travel ' ] 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL ORIENT. Low price • . long .nd 
short flights . lImit.d 'P'C'. 
PROFESSIONS. INTERNATIONAL ,_ 
Westwood Blvd. LA 90024 (2131 871-1121 
or4n-111211111 

EUROPE·ISRAEl·AFRICA·ORIENT low 
cost flight •. tours. the whol •• tud.nt 
bit At our office ov,r 200 FREE non· 
commerci.I p.mphl.ta. brochur ... .. blg 
buck ••• vlng. ESTC 510 W. Sixth. Suit. 
31'l.A. 10014 (213) 123-2821 (pl/lI 

EUROPE · ISRIOAL·AFRICA Stud.nt 
flight. y •• r round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11187 S.n Vlc.nte Blvd. No. 4 
l .A. C.llf. 1OO4I 
T.I: 12131821-_.121.-1 .. /11 
Chart.r ft R.gular .Irlln. tlcketl. Phone 
411-4411 Unlv.ralty T ... v" 2241 Ave. D. 
La PI.y •• La Jolla. Ca. Ipl/.,. 

EUROPE ft TAHITI CHARTERS STILL 
OPEN · SSW Trav.I Offlc •. On C.mpu. 
Int'( Stud.nt 10. Eu ... lI. Trlppln., etc. 
UCSD Int.rnatl_1 C.nt.r. 412 __ • 
l'.m-4pm Mon. Wed. Frl ft hm·1pm 
Tu .. ft Thura.lpl/lI 

EUROPE·ISREAL·ORIENT LOW COlT 
STUDENT FLlGHti. CONTACT: AlIT 
17141 ..... _ 1742 HEATHE" AVE. 
TUSTIN. CALlF. _Ip4S/ZlI 


