
Non ... 

...on Monday 

Volume 24, Numb" 18 UC Sa" Diego Friday, February 14,1975 
-

Committee OKs Student Regent 
, 

Provost Saxon is One of 
3 Heading UC President List 

David S. Saxon, UC provost and 
UCLA vice-chancellor, is one of 
three men under consideration by 
a UC Resents search committee , 
to replace President Charles 
Hitch, the Los Angeles Times has 
reported. 

Da"i" S. Saxo" 
Also on the list are Robben 

Fleming, president 'of the 
University of Michigan, and 
David P. Gardner, a former UC 
vice-president and now president 
of the University of Utah. Fleming 
was interviewed by the search 
committee February 1, while 

Gardner was interviewed 
yesterday. Saxon will meet with 
the committee today. 

"Boged Down" 
However, the Times story 

indicates that the search 
procedure has "bogged down," 
and that it is possible that the 
final candidate might not be 
among the three under con-
sideration . 

The story says there are three 
reasons why the search has been 
stalled : first, liberal and con-
versative committee members 
Third College 

can't agree on what kind of 
president they want; second, 
liberals can't agree on who the 
person would be, though they 
know what kind of president they 
want ; and third: there is sen-
timent in the committee that the 
procedure has been going too 
fast . 

A final recommendation from 
the committee is not expected 
until March, although a name 
could conceivably be submitted 
to the Board of Regents today in 
San Francisco. 

RiJuJ to Build ResiLknces 
The Riha Construction Company of San Diego has been named to 

build the S3 million student residence project for Third College. Work 
will start immediately on a 5.75 acre campus site north of Third College 
classroom and laboratory buildings currently under construction . 

250 Students 
The project will include 56 two-story townhouse type apartments. 

and 13 one-story apartments housing a total of 250 students. In ad-
dition, there is a small three-bedroom resident dean's house, a single-
story auxiliary building with a lounge and laundry and linen facilities, 
and a two-story food service and central student facilities building. A 
cafeteria and dining hall for both resident and commuting students will 
be situated on the second level and a dean's office, meeting rooms, a 
post office and a notions store will be on the first level. 

The project also includes arkin for 100 cars. 

Doubts About Vitamin C, Cast 
Excessive use of ascorbic 

acid, or vitamin C, on a regular 
basis by persons hoping to build 
up resistance to colds and other 
respiratory ' ailments can ac-
tually bring about the opposite 
effect, a scientist has shown. 

According to Gerhard N. 
Schrauzer, professor of 

vitamin C may actually have 
lower circulating levels of the 
vitamin , Schrauzer says, 
because of the more rapid 
metabolism and excretion . 
, The human body's need for 
vitamin C became the subject of 
much discussion in 1970 
following the publication by Dr. 

A recent survey Indicates that the 
demand for Vitamin C has been steadily 
increasing since the Initial surge in 1970. 

chem istry at UCSD, although 
ascorbid acid is considered 
harmless in single large doses, 
Continual consumption of 
massi ve doses alters the vitamin 
C regulating system of the body 
leadi ng to an acceleration of the 
breakdown and excretion of the 
vitamin. 

Through this acceleration, the 
body adjusts itself to un-
necessarily high intakes of the 
vitamin, Schrauzer says. The 
organism seems to build up an 
enzyme which breaks down the 
Vitamin, a phenomenon that has 
since been confirmed by ex-
periments with guinea pigs. 
When excessive amounts of 
Vitamin C are stopped, the body 
metabolism keeps on excreting 
the normal dietary amounts of 
the vitamin at a faster rate, an 
a tion which cal' lead to a 
Vitamin C deficiency days or 
weeks after stopping. 

I n addition, even those who 
-2.,ntinue to take larae doses of 

Linus Pauling of a book which 
promot~d the use of vitamin C 
for the treatment or prevent ion 
of colds . The nationwide 
publ icity given to the alleged , 
desirability of heavy doses of . 
vitamin C in fighting the 
common cold led to what I 
Schrauzer called widespread 
abuse of the vitamin . 

And , apparently , the 
popularity of the vitamin wi~h 
the general public has not 
tapered off. A recent survey of 
pharmaceut ical manufacturers 
and suppliers indicates that the 
demand for the vitamin has 
been steadily increasing since 
the initial surge in 1970. 

Schrauzer and other scientists 
warned at that time that the 
consumption of ascorbic acid in 
excessive amounts over long 
periods of time may be 
potentially harmful to humans. 

"We received reports of 
individuals who were taking as 
much as 100 ams of ascorbic 

acid a day," Schrauzer says. 
"This would be equivalent to 
about seven tablespoons a day. 
Even one teaspoon of ascorbic 
acid would be many times the 
daily recommended dose." 

In his study of the retention of 
vitamin C by the human body, 
Schrauzer used as subjects 
UCSD students and staff 
members who admitted to 
taking excessive doses of the 
vitamin, some for as long as four 
and a half years. Schrauzer 
measured the ascorbic acid 
levels in the blood and urine of 
the subjects and compared his 
findings with control subjects 

befor~, during and after a n;ne-
day test. 

The results of the study 
confirmed that the body 's 
tendency to clear ascorbic acid 
through urine is accelerated by 
massive dosages of the vitamin, 
thus achieving just the oppositt~ 
of the effect desired by the 
subjects. The study also showed 
that long-term ingestion of 
ascorbic acid in gram-amounts 
leads to a decrease in the level 
of the vitamin in the blood of 
test ubjects. The control group 
which had taken the vitamin for 
only a short period, showed no 
uch decrease. 

Altitude Resistance Study 
In another study of the u e of. 

the vitamin, Schrauzer and his 
colleagues have been able to 
confirm that high doses of 
vitamin C will lower the high 
altitude resistance of humans. 

Continued on Pale 3 

Regents to Consider 3 Names; 
Medical Facility OKed Yesterday 

by Malcolm A. Smith 
SAN FRANCISCO--The Regents ' Special Committee on 

Reorgan izatiqn, meeting Wednesday, approved a plan to place a 
student on the Board of Regents. 

This proposal will be considered by the full meeting of the Regents 
today. They are expected to vote in favor of the plan . 

Wednesday's vote was a culmination of five months of deliberation, 
most of it centered on the selection process to be used. As passed by 
the committee, three names will be submitted to the Regents, who will 
then make the final selection. 

These three names will be 
chosen by the Student Body 
Presidents Council (SBPC) from a 
list of nine submitted to them by 
two nominating committees, one 
for the four northern campuses 
and one for the five southern 
campuses . The nominating 
committees will be composed of 
one undergraduate and one 
graduate from each campus. 

Watkin Opposes Plan 
Before approving the plan, the 

Committee first rejected a 
proposal made by Regent Dean 
Watkins, who opposed the 
concept of a student Regent, 
favoring instead a plan that would 
give Chancellors, the Academic 
Senate, the SBPC and others a 
seat on the Board of Regents, 
with "all rights and privileges 
except voting." Watkins feared 
that the appointment of a student 
Regent would " undermine the 
role of the Chancellors." This plan 
produced heated debate before a 
narrow four to three defeat. Also 
opposed to the student Regent 
was Wilson , who expressed 
concern for ~hat he saw as "end-
running the chain of authority" 
within the University. 

A plan presented by President 
Hitch would have selected a 
student Regent from a list 
provided by a nominating 
committee composed of five 
regents and four students. This 
idea was revealed last week, 
meeting serious opposition from 
the SBPC. It drew considerable 
attention in the press, but was 
largely ignored by the Com-
mittee. 

The vote on the student Regent 
proposal was four to three, with 
Committee Chairman Higgs, 
Kolblenz, Hitch and Moore in 
favor of the recommendation, 
and Regents Watkins, Wilson, 
and Smith opposed. Roth was not 
present for the vote, but had 
previously expressed his support. 

In actions yesterday, the 
Committee on Grounds and 
Buildings approved the design for 
a new medical teaching facility. 
Final approval for the $7 million 
building will come only after the 
Regent have reviewed the final 
environmental impact statement . 
The building will be located 
immediately east of the e isting 
Ba ic Science Building Also 
approved wa the con truction of 
a food service building for the 
Medical School. 

The Committee on Educational 
Policy approved plans for the 
affi liation of the UCSD chool of 
Medicine with the Linda Vista 
Health Care Center,' the Vi ta HIli 
P ychiatric Foundation , and 
Enterostomal Therapy Program 
with three 10 al clinic . Th 
arrangement will· provide op-
portunitie for clinical e perlence 
and in tru tion for U 0 Mf'dl al 
tuqent and resident . 

DeWitt Higgs , irman of 
Regents Spe,cia( Com m ittee 
on Reor antzatton . 

Committee 
Forms 

by Gerry Kantor 
The Revelle Curriculum 

Revision Comm ittee has been 
formed by Jim Rice in response to 
what he called the "drastic" 
changes in general education 
requirements proposed by SCERR, 
the Student Committee to 
Evaluate the Revelle 
Requirements. Although he is 
against such radical revision of 
the requirements, Rice believes 
that it is time "to take a second 
look" at the ten-year-old Revelle I 
requirements and to modify them 
to better suit student needs. 

Writing Course 
According to Rice, the RCRC 

has, so far, proposed two minor 
modifications. They have pro-
posed a writing cour e as the first 
quarter of the humanities 
sequence to help students newly 
out of high school to improve 
their writing before having to 
write papers for humanities and 
other course . 

They have also proposed to 
open the social science equence 
to upper division course ow, a 
student mu t petition to u e an 
upper division cour e for the 
requirem nt . 

In re ponse to CERR ' 
propo al of a global ecology 
requirement to replac the 
humaniti equence, R RC 
want global e ology to b In ' 
co rporated Into th ~oclal 

i nce equ n e RI e said that 
R RC doe not want global 
colo , <.Il d I "~II ul lilt: 

humanitlE' qu n 
Th r Will bam 

R R in th tud nt ( nt r at 7 
t Thur day for any 

on erned WIth 
(hanging th mtmg RpVf'II(· 
gen ral du atlon r{'qulr 'm('n\, 

- ----~--



EDITOR~L 
StlJdent Regent Selection Process 

Last NIJ'tlember, the people of the State of California voted 
overwhelr!' Iy for the pa ... of P~sitioa Four, which would 
permit the: Regents to laCe a sNdent on their board. Des ite 
what app'~ to be a m~te for the Board to include a stu1ent 
regent, the Board hal taken until today to make any son of 
decision. The problema of the times Deed to be solYed by dynamic . 
actions, and the Board, by failing to act quicldy 00 what is basically 
a minor issue, casts a shadow upon itself. 

There are reports that some Regents want to comroJ the process 
of selecting a student regent by minimizing student participation 
in the selection process. This is unfortunate that students are not 
held in high enough regard by the regents to choose their own 
representative. While some of the University Student Body 
Presidems' Council have suggested the formation of student 
selection panels from the Northern and Southern campuses, we 
feel that this too, would eliminate the voices of aU the students. 
How the panel suggested by the Student Body President's Council 
would be any more representative than one heavily influenced by 
the Regents is difficult to comprehend. 

The Triton Times, therefore, recommends that the student 
regent, if the Board in all their wisdom decides to approve, be 
directly elected by the universiry wide studem body. If the ad-
ministration cannot come up with the funds necessary to mount a 
full fledged universiry wide election, the Studem Body Presidents' 
Council and its legislative arm , the UC Student Lobby, should flOd 
their way to subsidize such a project. It would seem if studems are 
interested in truly having a say in their academic future, the ex-
penditure needed to provide real student represemation would be 
well worth the investment. 

'YOU CAN SAY THII .OR HINRY-HI MAY II lORING, AND DULL, AND HAY. NO 
CHARISMA, IUT HI'S TOTALLY DIYOID 0' IUITLIlYI' 

Looking Back,UCSD Was A School for Narrow FocusedTechnicians 
I graduated from UCSD last Dec-ember and shortly 

thereafter left to live in Northern California. I felt 
distinctly dissatisied with my last quarter of school, but 
at first attributed it to a case of the short-timer blues: 
the feeling one gets at almost anything when it is almost 
over yet still demanding time and attention. But the 
feeling has remained, and has caused me to reappraise 
my entire three years at UCSD as a Muir biology major . 

I arrived at UCSD in the Fall of 1971 as a transfer 
student from a northern California junior college, a true 
believer in the value and validity of a UCSD education, 
and impressed with the promise of such a new and 
rapidly developing school . I had been out of school for 
five years before returning to the community college, 
working in Germany, Hawaii and the Army. I was 
fascinated with marine biology, political science, 
political biology, ecology, music and surf. The presence 
of Herbert Marcuse, proximity to Scripps, the number of 
Nobel laureates, and the stature of the science faculty 
were major factors in my choice of schools. As in any 
process of change, a large part of education is the 
destruction of ideals and illusions, and their 
replacement with facts and realities . The first myth to 
fall for me was the one of the fusion of high-powered 
research with high quality education, which UCSD so 
fondly cultivates. 

To say that UCSD focuses more strongly on research 
than instruction is to belabor the obvious . Yet one has 
to endure the pompous 'posturing of administrators and 
Vice-Chancellors who claim they have successfully 
cloned first-rate research with excellent teaching. Or 
perhaps I have misunderstood ; maybe the emphasis is 
on the professors . There is ample professing, but a 
minimum of teaching. Whatever the reason , the 
pontiflcations of administratOis may perhaps be ac-
cepted by someone who has no other school with which 
to com pare his education . However, one has only to 
experience a few other institutions and critica lly 
compare them with UCSD to determine the truth of the 
situation . 

Let me define what I am talking about. Does UCSD 
excell in teaching? How many professors do you know 
here who care as much about teaching as research? How 

many will respond to well-intentioned and constructive 
criticism of their teaching "technique", if it exists at all? 
Do they strive for any sort of excellence in com-
municating what they know, which generally is con-
siderable? Is there any encouragement of creative 
approaches to any but research problems? Do they see a 
future for their students outside graduate, medical or 
other professional schools? Is there any thought of a 
broad and diverse education? How many professors 
even feebly attempt to present science in its profound 
philosophic and political context? Do they see it as an 
end in itself, isolated from politics except when it comes 
to grants? Do they seem to entertain any ideas of 
solutions to problems, other than those strictly 
scientifically provable; do they teach students to 
scrutinize everything, understand it from its ground-
work up , to take NOTHING for granted? 

Has a professor at UCSD ever been retained primarily 
for his excellence as an educator? On the other hand, 
haven't several professors in the past three years been 
denied tenure, in spite of their educational talents, for 
their failure to publish? Is it surprising that such a 
situation ar i,ses , when young professors are forced to 
scramble for tenure, teach the largest prerequisite and 
undergraduate courses, maintain high quality research, 
serve on numerous committees, and often act as majors' 
advisors, all the while maintaining their sanity and the 
integrities of their families . Is such a situation con· 
ducive to quality education when a professor's ef-
fectiveness as a teacher necessarily rates so low on his 
list of priorities? 

In considering the effectiveness of instruction, 
recognition of the student as a unique individual , and 
freedom from competitive, cutthroat pressure, I feel a 
student IS at least as well off for his first two years at a 
good community college. In many cases he fares better . 
Besides the aforementioned advantages, junior col leges 
in general include a greater diversity of ages and 
backgrounds in their student makeups, smaller classes 
and have the advantage of being integrated in to a 
community. Myown experience at three junior colleges 
was primari ly positive, with some of the most 
stimulating science instruction of my five years of 

-

The Triton TImes is sony to announce that Friday's 
Op.n House has been postponed to Wed. 2-19 
from 1-4 pm. 

Malcolm A. Smith, edilor 
Edward E. Simons, managing editor 
John H. Taylor, city editor 
Joni Moody, copy editor 
Charles Heimler, editon'al director 
Rick Rodewald, business manager 
Larry Dt"k.d, anr ,dilor 
Kirk Robinson, sports editor 
Tad Sperry, photo editor 
Kathy Coxe, secretary 

The Tn/on Times{z:Ublishes Mon. , 
Wed., Fri, as an 0 ldally recognized 
publication 0/ I e UCSD Com -
munications Board. In taking editorial 
positions, the Tritfln Times does not 
represent the views of the University, 
the Communications Board, or the 
student body. 

Pa,e 2 Triton Times February 14, 1975 

X "1" ,~-
r , 

IFYOU CARE 
give 

'-' 

Quick, lustilined ener,y 
meill in iI Cilrob cDilled 
R>.r. For Sportsmen, 
ilthletes, outdoorsmen, 
work or school . 

•••• NOW AT UC6D lOOt-STORE' 

college at schools not generally known for their strength 
in science. This is not to deny that community colleges 
have serious drawbacks , but merely to indicat~ what 
can be learned at an institution that stresses instruction . 
Somewhere in my years before UCSD, I began to un-
derstand that if one subjects himself to academic 
pressure for grades, recommendations, MeAT/GRE 
scores, etc. and responds by competing, he is usually 
denying himself the time to be curious about what 
makes things work . He has no time to for the philosophy 
of science, ethics or different epistemologies, and how 
they would affect science as he is taught it. He can't be 
troubled by the fact that while he studies all night how 
to help an ailing patient he is systematically abusing his 
own physical gifts. His time is too precious to be 
squandered on such issues as the politics of science, 
where the money comes from that allows a scientist to 
do what he does, or the effects, applications and abuses 
of scientific discovery on society as a whole. 

It is time to be candid about what UCSD offers. From 
my own limited experience I know it has Meredith 
Somero's consistently excellent biology classes; Dr. 
Robert livingston's effusive humanitarianism and 
concern for life, children and dogs ; Paul Price's ex-
cellent but now defunct Organic Chemistry classes ; 
Herberts Marcuse and Schiller with their consistently 
incisive comments on the U.S. most people don 't 
acknowledge; four excellent libraries; superb research 
facilities; several fascinating Frontiers of Science 
classes, and other education and artistic facilities too 
numerous to mention . As I mentioned, I was a Muir 
biology major and am sadly lacking in experience in 
other departments . But for such a biological science 
student as I, it also offers extreme competition , little 
professor feedback, a generally depersonalized ap-
proach to education , and <I serious challenge to fend for 
oneself and keep his focus narrow. It is a school for 

' technicians and the exceptional person who can deal 
with intense stress and mountains of memorization, yet 
retain his perspective and curiousity : the creative 
scientist. For your sake, reader, I hope you are that 
person . 

by ROBERT B. BRICCA 

Reasons for Roots. 
No. L Gently recessed heel. 
Helps your posture as your leg muscles develop a 
little more strength. With no heel to tilt you for· 
ward. Roots give you a more natural walk. 

The Yukon Root. 
one of 10 styles. 

Sold only at Roots shops. 
Gift certificates available. 
Now Open Sundays 12 pm - 5 pm. 
10909 Kinross !we., Vokstwood Vmaqe (213) 478-0101 
1218 Prospect St. , La Jolla, Calif. (714) 459·5000 

City feet need Roots. 

Days of 
Our Lives 

Ed, Mark and I spent a quarter 
and a half living in a peaceful and 
quaint domestic squalor. I could 
even visua lize us in a Hogarth 
engraving, with a title like "Three 
Blind Mice" or something equally 
judgemental. Specifically, we saw 
nothing wrong with stacking 
dishes on the turntable, and 
ciean lOg our teeth with the edges 
of stale tortillas . byJohnH. Taylor 

Some among us took a degree of pride in the situation al 'tI~~ugh 
such pride i~ part~cularly painless to come by - Mark would ' rail about 
the bourgeoiS notion of Neatness, and how it constituted an excuse for 
occupying one's mind with triviality and senseless ordering . He went so 
far as to compare, unfavorably, of course, our living room rug and the 
Sistine chapel. He felt~ apparently, that the former, not being a Work of 
Art , had no fight to eXist unobstructed . 

But SOlO came in a flash of brilliance, and sent us to cower in our 
resp ctive cor.ners . W,e had . hoped to consolidate Triton Times-type 
efforts -- that IS, all night Wrttlng binges and furtive excursions to our 
print r -- under one happy roof, but with Soto also came all-American 
notions of sanitation, Correct Waste Disposal, and budgeting notions 
fo r which, says Soto, exist sufficient historical precedent . ' 

Mark, th.e medica! student, who once brought home a dog's heart 
and put It 10 the refrigerator next to the bologna, is no longer allowed 
to store hiS socks there. Our milk cartons are marked with our names 
and our consumption of the liquid is carefully monitored and charted: 
When Mark leaves a teabag on the arm of the couch he finds it under 
his pillow. ' 

"Hey Jim, like I really enjoy pears . Could you get some pears?" 
"I'm sorry, John , but we are already over budget 39 cents for next 

week No fruit ." 
However, we are budgeted for a gallon of milk each week and I have 
encount~red great difficulty keeping it consumed. There a;e presently 
nine ~artously marked milk containers in our refrigerator, and we are 
on ly 10 the second ~eek of The Budget. Ed had been caught pouring 
milk down .the drain, and Mark has begun taking baths in his 
a 1I0cat ion . 

Of course, there was more pressure on the budget this week, because 
we had to replace our seven-pound jug' of instant coffee. Also, Soto 
generously budgeted us for a party we will have for Ed and Kathy along 
WIth the occupants of an apartment in Del Mar, with whom we have a 
significiant degree of social intercourse. 

Also, before Soto came, Ed would every evening take slingshot in 
hand, go down to the beach and kill a moose or giant elk, fro", which 
the three of us would rip large chunks of bloodly fleshwhile squatting 
protectively around the fallen animal . We would have cooked it had 
we been able to get the pilot light on the stove lit . 

Now, we have organization. We have meals planned a week in 
advance, with preparations the day of the meal begun hours before 
dinnertime. At about three, Soto starts storming around the apartment 
muttering about. ingredi.ents and proportions and such. Then begins ~ 
ferOCIO US chOPPing seSSion, with bits of vegetables the three of us have 
never seen before shooting out from the cutting board and sticking to 
walls and th: ceiling. Three hours of the pain of preparation produced, 
once, four Pltlf~lIy small po~ions of chop suey. It was good, you see, 
but there wasn t enough of It. We sat around the table eyeing each 
other somewhat uncertainly . 

Since that evehing, we have become one with omelets, pizza, and all 
sorts of concoctions, watching Soto's culimary world expand with each 
trop home to San Diego and the warmth of his mother's cookbook. 

We had begun to accept Soto's peculiarities - his insistence that 
everything in the refrigerator be in a baggie, for example - until last 
night, when he made a pot of beans. I did not eat the beans because I 
was eating somewhere else, merCifully. ' 

"Soto belched about 20 times," related Ed. "He belched for a while 
111 the living room, then he belched in the bathroom - echoed in there 
a little bit - then he went outside and belched . In fact , he belched in 
every room of the house." 

Come on over sometime. Soto' li fix up. 

Vita C •.. 
Continued from Page 1 

Prior to World War II vitamirr 
C in moderate do~es was 
recommended as a means to 
temporarily increase the "high-
altitude resistance" of pilots 
airplane passengers and 
mountaineers . Subsequent 
research, however, reported that 
larger doses of vitamin C ac-
tually diminished the high. 
altitude resistance 

" The reverse ' effect was 
demonstrated both on rabbits 
and on humans by German 
scienti sts," Schrauzer says . "We 
repeated some of their ex-
periments and achieved the 
same results. The effect was 
noticeable after the subjects 
had take three grams of ascorbic 
acid daily for six days . Their 
high altitude resistance returned 
to normal within two weeks 
after they had stopped taking 
the vitamins 

"This confirms that large oral 
doses of vitamin C do diminish 
the high-altitude resistance of 
normal subjects ," Schrauzer 
says . "Taki ng large amounts of 
the vitamin for whatever reason 
cou ld increase the risk of 
persons working under con-
ditions in which the oxygen 
supply may suddenly or tem-
porarily become limited," he 
said. 

" An additional hazard ," 
Schrauzer said, " would be 
vitamin C overdosage by 
patients suffering from diseases 
accompan ied by actual or 
POtential hypoxia. The lower 
resistance of vitamin C 
saturated subjects to hypoxic 
stress provides an additional 
reason to regard the current 
concepts concerning the alleged 
benefits of massive amounts of 
ascorbic acid with caution ." 

"Fortunately," Schrauzer said, 
"vitamin C overdosage is not 
often serious but caution is 
neces sa ry for certain in-
dividuals , especially in 
pregnancy." 

In 1965, W. A. Cochrane of 
Canada noted that babies of 
mothers who had been taking 
large doses of vitamin C (about 
400 milligrams per day) 
developed scurvy after birth 
even though they received 
adequate amounts of the 
vitamin in their diets . This 
demonstrated a prenatal 
conditioning effect quite si milar 
to that observed in work done 
by Schrauzer and which has 
since been demonstrated in 

Med School Asst. Dean Named experime nts with pregnant 
guinea pigs . 

Paull. Jagger, M.D. has been "This i a critical step in a Schrauzer concedes that 
appointed Assistant Deon for young physician 's training ," vitamin C is needed in larger 
Student Affairs at the UC San Jagger said . "Toward the end of amounts for those who "uffer 
Diego School of Medicine: his third year of study we work from a cold or other infectious 

Prior to his arrival at the closely with him to determine diseases . He points out, 
School of Medicine in 1968 his future area of concentration however, that this does n'ot 
Jagger was an instructor i~ in medicine. Based on academic mean excessive doses . One to 
med icine at Harvard University. interest, we then proceed to ' two grams per day for most 
He has been responsible for match the graduating medical individuals, he feels, is more 
rec ruitment and organization of student with a hospital than adequate . Even these 
the medical house staff and for will provide him with the amounts, he said, should nol be 
operation of medical outpatient possible experience and training taken for extended periods and 
c linics at the University . in his specia lty. not by children at all. 

Thou~ds of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-to-d.te, 
176·page, mail order cat.log 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1 .00 to cover postage (1 ·2 
days delivery time) . 

519.GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE 1203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Ou, mal",,,, ... tOld lor 
'_ell ,",'DONI only 

~~~~~~~~~~--~ 
*LAPALOMA* 

~tCCMS' ... r 
&1 '"'' tllClMns 

71J JUS 

"U" WID. ",au SUN. 

"DA •• ST A." 
A I( ..... IU 'llM'1M ITS 

SO ... IS l"AflO SCIENCE ,"CIION 
U((tTS'III) UTUVACA,,,Y COMEOY 

AI .. 5 PlUSAI7 00 

"Tax 1138" 

Advanced facilities. 
I dill1CJM. 

Exciting tOday. 
Wide-open 
At the NCR Data Processing Division you have a chance to 
earn an important place- as fast as your abilities permit - in 
one of the nation 's most progressive digital computer systems 
facilities. You 'll undertake non-defense assignments aimed at 
improving business. financial, governmental and educational 
operations in 121 countries, and your benefits will include a 
thoroughly professional environment , an excellent salary, 
award-winning plant and laboratories, generous vacations, 
educational reimbursement , and fully paid life, hospital and 
medical plans. A rewarding today, a certain tomorrow, and a 
chance to claim your fair share of the computer future. To 
learn more, please reserve the date below. 

Opportunity at 
B.S. and M.S. levels 
Important, continuing commercial activity in: 

Software Programming 
Origination , design . development. and Implementation of 
comp:ex software systems : development of original 
functio nal deSign and processing techniques : deSign and 
implementation of state-Of-the-art data base/hie 
management software and a large-scale on-line multi· 
programming executive design . flowcharting . codIng . and 
implementation of on-line executive software modules. For 
EE. Computer Science or Math graduates. 

Software Enginftling 
Positions requiring EE degrees to organIze and implement 
f,rmware programs to emulate computing systems; 
creative use of eXIsting computer logIC for automatic 
diagnOSIS of hardware malfunctions: develop programs to 
automate manufacturong procedures. simulate electronic 
circuit response and Simulate logiC functions. 
Poaitiona .Iao for EE'a In 

Qualify Engineering 
Factory Uaison 

On-campus interviews . 
Thursday, Feb. 13 
To arrange an appOlnlment. conlact the Placement Director 
in the Occupational Placement Ol/Ice now. 1/ you cannot 
schedule an appoI"tment lor the intervIew date . please send 
a resume to the Unrverslty Placemenl D"eclor or 10 Ihe 
address below. 

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION 
16550 W. Berl1ardo Dr., San Diego. Cahf 92127 

An equal Opporlumly 'mployel /male & lamala 

Triton Time Februar 14,1975 PaKe I 



NOW - WITH THIS FREE DISCOUNT CARD -
h. CII sne INmEI lUCK .H .f .If alre", I.w 

~isc •• t Jll'ices .1 II, LP .r ta,e wi" a ticket ,rice 
.f $4 .•• r IlIIrl.· 
T. rlcei" ,'Ir FREE 'acuity Student Dilcount 
Canl, si.,I, fill •• t t~e ."Iieati ... ~el.w, take tl 
, •• r .earest WII.r.II.1SI st.re, Ir !lail t. th ad-

~ress s ..... 
1I111"liCl~11 II .a. VIII" HII .. e .... s. 

MAIIlI ... " 

GREAT NEW RELEASES 

JOE Q. STUDENT 
123456789012 

ANOTHER FIRST FROM THE WHEREHOUSE. 
DON'T PAY TICKET PRICE -

APPLY TODAY 
Since ,I. d.,'t .. ,. t •• urd ret, we'll let "U .av. o.e 
sllot at tile disclllt ~, lsi., t.is .11_ Check t~e ,rice 
sclldele bel .. , •• d IIri,C t~is all i ... w! 
YIU II', a"I, for tile lIisCl.lt card at II, tillie, lI.t the 
"with this all" lIisclllt offer, e.pires Fe'rD'ry 21 , 1915. 

PLUS EVERY OTHEI LP IN STOCK 
INCLUDING BIG HITS LIKE 

'HE AVEIAGE WlllTE IAIiD 
"AWl" 

LlIIDA IDIIST ADT 
.. 

JETIIIO 'UU 
"WU CHILD" 

JOIII MlTCIIIU 
.... IUS Of 

DO'I'I IIOTIIIIS 
"VIm AlE lIMITS" 

JOIIII DIIIVII 
"ClUTEST IITS" 

POPULAR SELLING HITS 
.. 

-7-------------------~ --------------I Fee..., ... 
P ... ,.., PI •• e .... , fill ..... , .......... ttIb .. .., 

. n.I.1IOIS1 ...... , hleIM'" SOIOOl.- ___________________ S ...... , ____ -----"-
#16 PACIFIC BEACH 
~aI'T K*MK ___ __ 1414 Garnet Street 

---- Pacific Beach, Calif. 92109 
CITY tfAn _______ _ I" (714) 273-9145 
.... AIftIIS ---------------------- #19 CHULA VISTA 

I' 
_

____ 485 Fifth Avenue an ~ _________ ~'An _______ ~ 
- Chula V ista, Calif . 92010 

..... ----!..---------"~I-------"" .A" ________ (714) 422-9514 

#17 SAN DIEGO 
6335 EI Cajon Blvd. 
San DiellO. Calif. 92115 
(714) 582-9725 

#18 ELCAJON 
173 Fletcher Pkwy. 
Parkway Plaza 
EI Cajon. Calif. 92020 
(714) 44(}.9907 

... _I tel 'I .... I.IOUSI, 141. S. ..... .., Dr., 
SIMA"" , ..... , ........ " .... fer ,","'''' . ...., (III ........ _4., AttItI CIII .... Dettt. 

Pale 4 Triton Times February 14, 1975 

Concert Notes 
By brry Dec::kel 

It's back-to back blues at San Diego State th is Sunday night as 
Tower of Power and Taj Mahal bring two different approaches to 
the Blues. face to face in concert. 

Tower of Power. one of the more popular rhythm and blues bands 
of the seventies deliver dynamic fast-paced tunes and powerful 
ballads performed by a group featuring funk. kicking rhythm and 
horn sections. along with soulful lead and background vocalists. 
With hits like " You're Still a Young Man," the bands popularity 
continues to grow. with their horn section developing an identity all 
its own (t hey appear on Elton John's "Caribou" album) . 

In the area of Country Blues. Taj Mahal has carved out a niche all 
his own . Playing a number of instruments, piano. banjo, bass, 
kalimba. six holed fife, guitar, and harmonica, Taj's interpretations 
of the blues have a compelling sense which entraps audiences. 
Whether he plays solo. or as at the moment, with a back-up band , a 
concert with Taj seems to always generate a good time . 

If your idea of a goodtime has to do with nostalgia, then you may 
be part of the current Scott Joplin phenomena, and if so, you won't 
want to miss the appearance of Joshua Rifkin at the San Diego Civic 
Theatre. this Sunday Feb.16. 

Rifkin. one of the foremost interpreter's of Joplin's music, has 
programmed an evening of Scott Joplin's classic ragtime. Included 
in the program will be "Maple Leaf Rag" (1899), "Wall Street Rag" 
(1909); " Pine Apple Rag" (1908), "Magnetic Rag" (1914), and much 
more of Jopl ins ' large series of rag compositions. 

I suspect it 's inevitable that they'll play "The Entertainer". 
Shudder . 

By the wav, there's a special student discount to that concert, one 
hour before show time, so don't forget your student i.d : s. 

OLD COINS 
Bought and Sold 

CALL RICH 
454-9158 DAY 
454-8939 EVE 

non't Think Abortion 
Alternativ~ are Available 

S.D. PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
583-5433 

Also free speakers 
and study room 

Records: La rry Deckel · 

. Musical Notes 
FLAVORS - The Guess Who. RCA Record, 

It never fails that any time I'rn listening to a 
Guess Who album in my room, someone will 
come by and ask : " What's that you're listening to? 
Sounds good!" and will be somewhat dismayed 
when I reveal it's (god help us) The Guess Who .. 

" Oh .. 1 didn't know they did stuff like that." 
Inevitably, The Guess Who rernain branded 

with the likes of "These Eyes" and "No Time" and 
the dregs of pop-40 radio . and few people have 
ever heard their fine album efforts. 

" Flavors" their 13th album for RCA records 
marks another major personnel change in the long 
history of this suprisingly consistant sounding 
band . This time guitarist Domenic Troiano 
replaces guitarists Kurt Winter and Don Mc-
Dougall , the latter of whom replaced guitarist 
Greg Leskiw shortly before bassist Bill Wallace 
had replaced Jim Kale who had been around back 
when Winter and leskiw first replaced guitarist 
Randy Bachman (now of Bachman-Turner Over-
drive, a story we'll get to in a future column), 
leaving only Burton Cummings on piano and lead 
vocals, and Garry Peterson on drums, remaining 
from the days when the Guess Who, originally 
known as Chad Allen and the Persuasions. first 
recorded " Shaking All Over", and made history as 
the first Canadian rock band to break into 
American a.m. radio playlists. 

And yet. the band's brand of Canadian country-
boogie-rock has remained incredibly consistent 
through the years : a sound marked by fine vocals; 
catchy . bizarre lyrics; and tight , finely produced 
musicianship . 

as a compelling rock alternative to a strictly hard-
rock formula, in which pop doesn't have to rhyme 
with slop. 

. ...... _ ..... , ... . 

MAD DOG - Iohn Entwistle's 'Oll' . MeA Records 
John Entwistle has always seemed like the 

puzzle piece in the jigsaw image of The Who 
which never quite fit, and so his extensive career 
in solo Ips. came as no surprise to most people. 

Undoubtedly however, the formation of John 
Entwistle's 'Ox' is bound to take some people off-
guard . What the band is in fact. is a chance for 
John'1:ntwistle to have a crack at performing what 
he seems to like best, that good old 50's rock and 
roll. 

And that's what "Mad Dog" seems to be. It's a 
compilation of 1974 tunes written primarily by 
Entwistle, which sound plucked right out of the 
50's . 

And a nice collection it is too. as Entwistle. 
unlike rnost 50's recreators. allows no parody to 
get in the way of his music. He captures the sound 
in just the right way, with a band equipped with 
Guitars. Piano, Tenor and Baritone Saxes. 
Trumpet, Trombone, and even 3 female back-up 
vocalists, forming an 11-man band, who aren't 
proud to have a few guests sit in if that's what it 
takes to fill out a track . 

The album has its ups and downs, and so its 
hard to really forrn a substantial opin ion about 
just how far the 50's nostalgia, even well-rendered. 
can make it in 1975. 

None the less, opener " 1 Fall to Pieces" is a 
catchy rocker with nice horn work, and closer 
" Drowning" is a priceless arrangement of the 
classic tear-ridden teenager-in-Iove theme, with ' 
eqUisite background vocals and strings added for 
effect. 

And lyr ically, the album captures all the trials 
and tribulations of broken love. adolescent 
frustrat lon, mature frustration, and frustrated 

As it turns out, the band always seems to sound frustration . 
best after a fresh change of personnel (usually In "You Can Be So Mean" John croons "You 
bringing in new composing blood to co-write with promised to love me for rich or for poor I Baby. to 
Burton Cummings), and the "Flavors" Ip is no. be faithful and true, this is what you swore / Baby, 
exception. Troiano's guitar work, while less in- how come our kids look the fella next door? I 
teresting in a solo vein, is much better fill in in- Baby you can be so mean ." 
tegrating the total sound, and moment for " Where the album hits it, it really hits, but 
moment. it makes the bands best album in years, unfortunately where the album misses. it misses 
showing off the many varied strengths of the band by a mile, so it goes without saying that this album 
to best effect . is a hit and miss proposition . 

From the pop-a .m. catchiness of hit "Dancing 
Fool", through the excellent country flavor of 
"Hoe Down Time", and the nostalgia of a 50-ish 
ballad like "Seems like I Can 't Live with You, But I 
Can't Live Without You". the band blends its 
talents to produce a fi nely polished sound. Jack 
Richardson's production, is as always, sparkling. 

Most interesting to note is the general l'ack of 
Cummings usual lyrical cynicism, and the album 
takes on some pleasant overtones this band has 
been lacking for some time. The exception to the 
rule here. is the big hard-rock closer " Long Cone" 
in which Cummings seemingly throws yet a few 
more jabs at long-time enemy and ex-band 
member Randy Bachman . The song is marked 
with subtly begrudging lyrics like " I guess you've 
always been a power-hungcy specimen .You were 
raised with rank in mine-I'd gladly give away 
everything I've ever owned-For the chance to stab 
you from behind ." 

The album on the whole however is inescapably 
catchy. and not what you would expect if your 
image of the Guess Who ends with "American 
Woman ." The band remains in a field of its own. 

My suspicion is that the band will be dvnarnitp 
on stage, and strictly for 50's buffs on discs But if 
you're looking for that 50's feel. there is enough I 
rewarding territory on "Mad Dog" to make it well 
worth your while. 

•••••••••••••••••• 

SIDE NOTES: 
That new led Zeppelin album is due out any 

day now. It's a two album set of all new material 
called " Physical Graffiti". 

John Denver's got a double album coming out 
next week, it's called "An Evening With John 
Denver" and is a live set recorded during Denver's 
appearance at the Universal Ampitheater in L.A 
last August. It's no mere coincidence he' ll be · 
following this album up with a John Denver TV 
special on March 10. 

Can you guess what ex-Beatie has got himself il 
newly-formed label? Clue : the label is called " Ring 
O'Records" . 

Interested in the latest odd-named rock group? 
They're on ABC Records and called Pavlov's Dog. 
They're a seven rnan group featuring keyboards. 
electri c violin and viola. mellotron . flute. bas~ . 
guitars. drums. and vocals . Music to drool by?? 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING 

ft~S N1kOJ1( ~tIiI S1'S S~S1'£ArS 
COWR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 

PENTAX, OLYMPUS, • KONICA CAMERAS. LENSES 
LARGE DAIIIUIIOOM DEPAIITIIENT 

INCLUDING 
KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

·SALES·SERVlCE·TRADES· REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

458-7356 
~-------------------------------------~ 

WOK OF WEEK 

"Steak Cubes" 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

lUISINE 
DitI_HoIIn: 
Mott· T1HI,"lO 

Frl·s.t"" 

B~anclwine 
served 

10". Discount with 
U(:;n 51.. .,{ Ie 

AMPU PARKING • 
459·91142 _ 

5771 L. loll. Blvd. iiiii 

Pale 5 Triton Times FelHu.ry 14, 1975 



Ice Hockey ; it 's a very addictive sport. Once you learn the game. you 
can't give it up. Whether you are a spectator or a player, the sport just 
grows on you . 

If you are like me, you're more a spectator than a participant; but 
you're still addicted . 

You learn the game by playing, or you learn the game by watching. 
Enough Stanley Cup playoffs on NBC with Peter Puck. et al ; and there 
IS no way you can give up the sport. 

It doesn 't matte~ if yo'u are watching the Philadelphia Flyers, the San 
Diego Mariners or your kid brother's junior league game. It's all 

, And that 's all you care about . 

Being of this sort, a hockey fan not a fanatic about a particular team 
I fight my assistants Paul and Dave for the passes to the Mariner games: 
Those two go to see the Mariners play. I pick other good teams that the 
Mariners play and go and watch hockey. The sport, not the team. 

Some people call it "brutality on ice." To other. primarily the non-
North Ametican hockey fan, it is "poetry in motion ." Whatever one 
terms to call it, it is exciting to watch. 

An individual hockey game in itself is a spectable to watch . It ca n 
either be a wide open, high scoring game with lots of fights, or it can be 
a tight defensive struggle highlighted by good goal keeping, or it can 
be a combination of botli. 

Tuesday night was one such example. A wide open high scoring 
Mariner offense ripped the Quebec Nordiquest defense to shreds with 
nine goal oHensive barrage. And Ernie Wakely was absolutely brilliant 
in the nets, giving up only two goals, one on a power play and the other 
on a penalty shot . 

The Mariner defense played as well as it has all season, shutting off 
four othet Nordique power plays. They forechecked . They back-
checked . They intimidated their opponents . 

It was the finest example of Hockey I have seen the Mariners put on. 

Calhoun, Taylor Spark Win 
Tritons Hot, Drop CSUDH, 100-78 

by Dave Eisen 
UCSD's var ity basketball team shot a blazing 

63.£> oercent from the field , and offset a height 
disadvantage, in downing Cal State Dominguez 
Hills Tue)day night 100·78 

The games shooting tar was George Calhoun, 
who sunk eight of his first nine bombs from outside. 
en route to an 18 point first half. He finished with a 
game-leading 27. ~~~~~~ 

Paul Trainer was hitting well, but got into quick 
foul trouble, and was replaced by Tom Taylor. 
Taylor did a spectacular job. dropping in seven of "'~=~~:-d 
e ight shots along with a game high 15 rebounds . 
De pite Toros who measured 6'10" and 6'8" the ""''''''''_''JI 
Triton centets combined for 36 points . ' 

Guard Steve Kircher was also impressive, scoring 
19 and handing off for nine assists . Little Mal 
Mitchell also did his usual passing job, with eight 
as ItS. 

The game was marked by the return of Joe Coit · 
who received a standing ovation by the Trito~ 
partisans. His play will certainly help the squad . as 
Coach Barry Cunningham said, 'We are finally back 
at full strength, with Joe and Charles Auber." 

The contest was also another 1()(}.point evening 
i)ut this.time it wasn 't easy . Ahead 97-78, Taylor wa~ 
at the free throw line, in a one-and one situation . --... -
Taylor made the first one, then cleverly missed the 
second. rebounded his own shot and hit a five- . -~ ------'-_. 
footer, giving the Tritons 100. 

The Toros w re hampered by poor (38.8 percent) 
shooting. Four men were in double figures . Don 
Miller wastops at 27 . 

UCSD took a 10 point lead after eight minutes 
and never looked back. The intermission lead was 
14, at 47-33. The Tritons stayed ahead all the way, 
with nine being the smallest margin, mid-way 
through the final half when Trainer fouled out . 
UCSD used a semi-stall for the final minutes but still 
won the game going away. 

The victory kept alive slim playoff hopes for the 
Tritons . Cunningham said, " If we can win our 
remaining three conference games, I think we'lI 
have a good chance to make it . It will be tough on 
the road though , especially at Azusa Pacific 
(tomorrow night) . . 

.Another factor in the win was that "if the play-oH 
pick ends up between UCSD and Dominguez, 
which is very possible. it will help our chances that 
we have beaten them." 

Cunningham was also pleased with the artistry of 
Calhoun, saying, "He's just a tremendous shootet. 
in fact at times he's unbelievable." 

Charles [Kool.Aid) Aubert 

JV's Win Third 
In a Row, '76~60 

The win streak continued for the Triton junior 
varsity Tuesday night, with a 7fHlO home triumph 
OVet Cal State Dominguez Hills . 

The Tritons have captured their last three games 
and four of the last five in improving their record to 
4-9. 

It was. a hard fought victory, one that had plenty 
of pushing and rough plays; a point accentuated 
late in the game when the referees warned the 
coaches that the next flagrant foul would result in 
an automatic ejection . 

The Toros finished the contest with only four 
players on the CQurt. after a starting man had fouled 
out. Dominguez didn 't bother to take a player off 

Contin-ued on Page 7 
Then there was last Saturday night. The Mariners managed to II "'!P'IRI"'~ "U~~f""II:U'_rl'''~''4111D''''''IOII:.:I~41oM~'''~ 

overcome the early game jitters and rally for an 8-4 victory over the 
. Minnesota Fighting Saints. In front of 10.238 fans. what I would have to 
believe is one of the largest crowds ever to see a major league team 
play in the Sports Arena . 

How many times does one see a team behind, 3"() after ten minutes 
of play, then be ahead 4-3 eight minutes later . It drives the fans wild . 

Fans at a hockey game are amazing. You can tell how the game is 
. going bv listening to the groans and cheers of the fans . Saturday night 

there were a lot of groans in the first few minutes as Wakely let a few 
easy ones get by. But those groans soon turned to cheers as the 
Mariners went on the six minute spree that netted them four goals. 

Ski 

~~ URSA H ..... ItJ_ 
Page 6 Trilon Times February 14, 1975 

Happy 
Valentine's Day 

To Vou Cuties 
~Jf{. 

--LLI 
-C!> 
o 
o 
a1 
LLI 
:E 
o 
~ 

& SetJIel SquWui 

elM1II1 ""'"" ...... c UTS 

c-, 
o 
Z 
rn 
m 
o . 
o 

~ 
-rn 
--. 

Dinner and Cocktdl 11:30-9 
Danting 9-1:30 

Dance Contest Every Thurs. Nlte 
t2S to the best dancer 

222 Route 101 
AT THE BOARDWALK IN SOLANA BEACH 

La Jolla Shores 
Market 

2259 Avenida de 
la Playa 

Phone: 459-3465 

Produce, 

Meats, 

Groceries, 

Wine & Beer 

YOSEMITE 
FIELD 

SEMINARS 
Five·day field classes 
in natural and earth 
sciences . Three quarter 
units extension credit 
from UCD . Held at 
Tuolumne Meadows . 

Catalog available from ... 

Yo ••• It. Nat.r.1 
Hl.tory A .. oelatlo. 

P.O. BOX 545 
YOSEMITE, CA 95389 

Benched ••• Underwater 
Films Monday 

A mini underwater film t,,5tival 
If one sits at the opposite end of the arena from the goal that the will be presented Monday by the 

Marinets shoot at, it is very easy to tell when a goal is scored without American Ceta~ean . So~iety at 8 
waiting for the little red light to go on. A million bodies shoot skyward ' pm In Sumner A~dltonum, 8602 

La Jolla Shores Dnve, La Jolla. taking some two million hands even higher . Then a frenzy of cheering 
is heard. Then the light goes on . And finally the goalie slowly arises to 
face the unavoidable shame of giving up the goal. And the fans keep 
riding him for it. Until he gives up another goal. And another. 

Then there are the referees. The fans boo them more than they bod 
the opposing teams. Brent Casselman has to be the favorite of the 
crowd. The fans really don't like him. 

Casselman has the distinction of calling the only two penalty shots 
in Mariner history. He also has the distinction of being run out of town 
on a couple of occasions. 

A hockey game is worth going to see . It has everything. Fights. 
Penalties . Penalty shots. Good goalkeeping . Bad goal keeping. Good 
defense. Bad defense . A lot of goals . Whatever you want, hockey has 
it 

Just don't take anyone along who doesn' t know the game. Have you 
ever tried to explain what forechecking, offsides or interference is? If 
you try you'll miss a goal. Guaranteed. 

. Mr. Harry Leach, president of 
the Underwater Photographic 
Society of San Diego and Dr. 
Bruce Cauble will discuss the 
technique of shooting interesting 
and artistic movies and 
photographs under water. 

There will also be a showing of 
slides by people who went on 
recent ACS whale-watching 
excursions . 

American Cetacean Society 
meetings are free and open to 
those who are interested in the 
study of .whales , dolphins, 
porpoises and other marine 
mammals. The public is invited to 
meet the speakers at a 6 pm no-
host dinner in the Boll Weevil , 
1000 Prospect, La Jolla . 

JV's Continue Winning Ways 
Continued from Pilge 6 

varsity, instead choosing to play the last four with 17, followed by Mike Hart and Paige Smith 
minutes short one forward . The Tritons didn't take with nine. 
advantage of the situation to run up the score. In defeating the Toros, whose pre-game record 

Dominguez was led by 5'9" sophomore guard wa.s 7-1, the Tritons shot well hitting 5£> percent of 
George Polk, who tallied 21 of his 28 points in the their field goals. They also hit the offensive boards, 
second half, mainly from outside 15 feet . UCSD pulling down 15 . UCSD used a slow-down attack, 
coach Bob McCook called him a "great all-around much in contrast to Dominguez' run -and-gun style. 
player." Of his team's win, McCook said, " I think The Tritons took an early lead, ahead 31-26 at 
that we've finally come ot age as a college halftime. UCSD then opened up margins as large as 
basketball team . This game was by far our best of 21 points in coasting to the victory. Azusa Pacific 
the season, execution-wise ." The scoring effort was will serve as the next Triton opponent, Saturday 
a balanced one, with eight of the 10 players putting night in an away game. The squad will then host 
in at least six points. Mack Parker was the leader Point loma Tuesday at 6 p.m. 

Sunday EPISCOPAL 
. Services In Area 

UCIO EPISCOPALIAN. n:. at 
Univ. LuthDtan Ch. 
:"lA J .... honeo Dr. 
Fr. J_h Yaung ph. ... ,4 
GOOD SAMARITAN 1_ ., 

M.~ Ic/l.~ 
2IMO 1MMt1Om. UnIweraIty City 
'.nd 1I •. m.II ••.• · .. I-' 
ST. JAME. eV·THE.SEA 
743 p ........... t. lA Jolt. 
7:311.' (1.& ...... _I ft 11 
ST. PETtR·. 
1 P.rIoh lA ... Del Mer 
••• 11 .•. ·· .. _1 ft11 

'CHILDREN, a~ 5 to 12 
years, needed for ex· 
periments on - simple 

. judpnental tasb.51.00-51.50 
fOt' 20-40 minute SHsion. 
Experiments to be done in 
INrents' home. M~il names to 
Prof. NornYn H. Anderson, 
PsycholOlY, UCSD; or phone 
Betty lohnson, 452-3000; or 
phone Diane Cuneo, 452· 
3916 after 5:00 pm. 

COMMUNITY 
ILOODIANk 
lZI f. Street 

PAYSDONOIS 
Iorsenke 

Mon.-SM. 
1:e-5:1O 
CIoIedSun. 

dance 
v ... ntI ... •• D.y D.nce. R-,.. C.f • . 
F .... Frl '.12:311. Con ... , for King ft 
Qu .. n Of H .. .-. Picture meel card.; Or 
UCID 1.0 . • nd pictu .. ; or GuNt pe .. 
1 .... 11. In _. DMn Off. I .nd pic'ur. 
NQulrecl. ~I 

lectures 
Dr. John F. A._ UCSD Prof_or 
Deoenment Of Su_,Arterial S_ 
ehw Intrec .. "'1 Hemorrha.... Fri. 
".14.2:00 p.m. R_". es. Me t2 
141 
Income T ....... I .. r • Tu •. Feb 18th. 
12:00 .• tudent cen_ cOnf.renc. room. 
Ref. L ....... Of Student legal "",'c .. 
wHI conduct t ... S.mlnor. 12/I41 
T ..... will be .. 2nd P __ .. to ..... lectu .. 
(Far thou who heye .I_dy .... rd .n 
Intro lecturel on Tr.n.cendent.1 
Meditation Tu ... Feb.l'. 7:30 PM. In 
Revelle Info,mal Loung • . Far Info Joe 
RI.k ... ~. 280-11140 (SIMSI 1~41 

meetings 
SOCIOLOGV UNDERGRADUATES . 
F.culty •• tud.n' coff .. hour Wed Feb 
11. 2:30-4:30 P.M. In 1071 HltSS. In· 
'ormltlon on spring qu.rter c ....... 
new cl ...... ft 8Chedule chengll will 
belvel .. ble. COff .. It DOUghnuta. (2/l1J 
PREMEDICAL AND PREDENTAL 
STUDENTS, Friday. fib 21. 5:30 to 7:00 
p.m. in 2100 BSe far .11 premedlc.1 .nd 
pred.ntal .tudentl who .re pl.nnlng to 
epply '0 prOf_lonel .chools this 
coming .ummer.12,tn I 

TT NEWSWRITtRI . p..... don', 
forget t ... N_ h',.., .... nu T ..... y 
., I pm In , ... OffIc • . Kr _ ,hy ........ it. 
,*", 

Stud.nt Co.op mMtlIl8 will ... On T .... 
2·1'.1:30., ,he S' ..... nt C.nt.r. H.y •• 
gOOd wMk.nd. 11/I41 
CAMPUS CRUSADE FOR CHRIST 
M .. ta tOnight .t 7 PM in Winz.r 
Common.. ese. Speclel gu .. , ._k.r. 
D.vld Rickard plu. G ... "I rock by 
RESURRECTION 12/141 
Surf club _tlng t .... radey 2/~ 7:30 
p.m. In rOOm 1"0 Of 2C. T.II coOl 
ref ... hm.ntl for .11. (2/111 
Ther. will .... m .. tlng Of the Com. 
mlalon on lAw Enforc.m.nt It Soci.1 
Ju.tlc. thl. W.d 7PM .t t... Stud. 
C.nt ... 12/111 
All peraOn. who Ir. currently par-
tlclp.tlng It.ff m.mb... at KSDT 
g ...... 1 .ta" mlltlng tod.y Feb 14 at 
3:00 Pm. Attendanc. I. m.ndato ..... . W. 
will ... holdlng.n .I.ction. C2/141 
The Calplrg Loc.I Bo.rd I. m .. ting 
FridlY It 10:30. uPital .. In the .tud.nt 
center. If you have any interelt in 
Calplrg proj.ct. Or •• rving On the Loc.1 
Board. pl .... Itt.nd . 12~41 
T .. n.c.nd.ntll Medltato .. : advanc.d 
me.tlng .nd group meditation Mon. 
Feb.17. 7 PM. In Ravalle Informal 
loung • . For Info Joe RI.k.r. 298-6966 Or 
281).1840. (SIMSI (2/141 
The 2nd Conf.renc. on Economic Co. 
op will take plec. On Tu ... Feb 18 4:00 
p.m. T ... Itud.nt Organlz.tlon Can. 
f ... nc. Room. 12/141 

••• 'S aDd WO ••• '. 
8UIDI ~ LilT liB rl8BI018 

------------~.~---------
SHOWROOM SALE 

WHOLESALE PRICES 
• Jackets • Coats 
• Shirt Jackets • Vests 
• Windbreakers • Handbags 

EV~f)l17l1mdoy, Friday <I Saturday ONL Y 
JOAM - 6PM 

Andre Duranleau 
11722 Sorrento Valley Rd. 
Suite 'G' - 452·8681 

Sorrento Exit 
\·5 & 1-805 

.. ''''''. " ~- .. - 'i- .... -- "9 
":I: PREMEDICAL STUDENTS ~ 
~ . prepare Now! u 
~ Nat;onal MeAT REVIEW Course ~ 
~ The specialized approach to MeAT preparation . n Offered locally at Los Angeles, Irvine. Riverside . U Santa Barbara and San Diego. n 
n Enroll /lOW for Spring sessions. U 
U NATIONAL MCAT REVIEW COURSE ,,., ., n lLi~ Box 3:: 4~ Ch=;worth ... ~A 913~~ 4. /2 :3j 980.-:;~ 
rBID.& 'r NIGHT rLIO:IEB 
7:30 pm SEVENTH VOYAGE OF SINBAD 
9: 15 pm JASON & THE ARGONAUTS 

USB 2722 75 t 

8'&' TVaDA or rIL •• 
Horror end Fantasy Classics 

7:30 pm THE GOLEM 

8:40 pm 

10:10 pm 

Jewish monster runs amuck in the 
ghetto. 

HOUR OF THE WOLF (1968) 
Ingmar Bergman's tale of art & mad-
ness. 

NOSFERATU (1922) 
The first screen version uf the Dracula 
stmy by F. W. Mumau 

11: 40 pm BLOOD OF A POET (1932) 
'elln Cocteau presents his symbols lind 
philosophy of .lrt in " ~"'" tn .... -surr~ali$m of the period. 

"A ,.. ..., "IIleuia" II( Fuo.at 
USB 2722 $1.00 

Triton Timfl Febfuary 14, 1975 P.I~ 7 



• HoM. _ .... 0 ........ ., 
. beet ott. . ..... __ IJI17t 

.. ONI Kedea. ..... GOOII C ... 
dltlon. ....... T' ..... IIS •• OSL .. .... 
EconomloeL ................. ~ 
_er·k"~1I14I 

Antlqu. peIntad .. AM-Pm .rnt-
clock,... with .,..... ftettt .nd ~ 
.peek.r . ...... c'- and ftDIOlI ..... 
K.,.nOlaon ... ~IIMI 

Bon 101 Type......,. For ...... . 
271-1130 111It 

1117 PIIiIIIM BCIiWINIIe: ........... . 
Air-Conditio....... Power .t •• rl ... . 
.lllIhtly cIeneacI. __ V.., WIII __ 
I3IZ m.-. C2 141 

Surfboenl 1'10" - xlat condo w I_h 
...... R ........ tor. au. It. w .mall 
freezer· _1w4ll.- Del 12141 
T1 Chevy II Nowe .ood oondltlon. 1l00d 
ml ..... _I .... off • . Kyle 711-1127. 
121141 

1. C~- 3D .n.lne. herdtop. 
rebuilt traM ... IIIMCII new Ooody .. ra. 
ulnt. body .nd Im.ltor. D.v. m..a 
t22IDO 12/141 

70 VW IuD • _ b .. k ... paint - xlnt. 
.nlline .. lIYoIsL 110 !be .. II .- red ..... 
radio. MIlke offer~. Ed. 12/14) 
M.ke ....... __ : Th~month-old 
Plo_ HR-. player/record.r mal .. 
for .170.10. MAKE ANY OFFER. &1317 
or 412--' ".,., Cll241 
Cu.tom-made kick w,,"1 bMutiful 
condition. etunly. hend-m.d .... 00 • 
.1-1112.121141 

Int.,..ted In ErotIca7 fOr .... 14 of the 
wlld .. t bOOb Im.lllneble. Term ..... Iy 
.rranlled. Anytlm. 4112-1711 ... 1711 
121141 
LED ZEPPELIN CONCERT: Beat _ta 
for . 11 .how • • S.n D",o. lonll INch 
.nd Forum. __ 31. (3112) 

Ski Boota. Nordica Alp'" ...... 1l00d 
cond .• 1 _.on old. fhI ahoa .en tI% . 
m . 4II4-173II. (2114) 

• ~ Chevy C.prlc. 1I00d ...... 1l00d 
transportation. Mull NIl . .. or lINt 
ott.r43U187. (21a) 

P.ne.onlc portabjC....ne recorder 
only two montha 0 .. or beet offer. 
C.II durulnll w~ nlahta. M.rI 7W-
5310. (2/141 
1987 Chevy Imp , Ie sa. T ... rWc trln-
. portatlon. R.c.,t r.bullt. rune greet 
teOO.OO -753-88711. 121141 

personals 
Ortho lab - BObln. rlll .. t I. rol d .. conal 
SOBCI2I141 

ASH - Joyeu. Jour d. St. V.1. Thenk. to 
• mutu.1 frl.nd. Curtl.1 - M. Bordeaux 
(2/141 
To hther .nd Ahe.heru.: H.ppy An-
nlverNry Ad.r 14. How com. you nev.r 
can or write to yOUr Unc" Mordechel7 
121141 

FLUOR - ENOINEER. Ii CON· 
1TIlUCT0Il •• INC. IMas utewts .. FrkIsIy. 
"14. for a ..... with. IA. Main 
En.ln •• rln. for .iilploYiiI.nt In 
'outh.rn C.llfornl.. M.ke _po 
.... 1tS • ..,.. at c.... PIannIne. _ Me. 
11141 

........ yuRMnIoa .............. d 
'-t ..... d oooIdoa for .eo ... 
FItday CV .......... •• Dayl. ..... In 
...... Ptua. front of .vm. Muir 
Commona. .ooIcatora, and 110 anaok 
.... Bak • .eo epos ..... by ,....... to 
People. • __ Ity .... grOUP. to 
bonottt M .... n etudontsL 1214' 

Cont.mpor.ry I .. u.. 20 THE 
WILDERNEllAn Introductory mootI ... 
with tho dleouealon ...... Feb 11th. 
Wad 7:311 pm. M.m-. Cempue. 
rm.2D1. All thoea Intor.tIOd In taking 
C.1. 2D DPri ... QUartar. P ...... nand. If 
you .,. IntarMtod .nd cannot attand. 
check It out.t the C.I. office H ... 21CII 
QIII) 

Star In my eyoe: tt.ppy V.~ .nd 1 
moone Here'. to • 1. more Haht 
yea .... I love you 1I0rae0u0. 121141 

D.~Happy V.......... Day to the 
I ....... I love YOU. ClndL 121141 

To •• Of tho Monk. at 10. wIlDt • 
wonderful V.lentlno·. D.y It will be. W.· ... have. tswt. ......... _ ...... 
while awI .... ng from our ..... In • trw. 
love. A fellow monk .. 121141 

Suite ... C ..... ngerI tt.ppy V.D . • nd 
many mora. How many eoIIsINI OlIn 
there boln ona day .nywaya7121141 

J.mle: H.... your hend will function 
_I CO~ _ou ..... ,. etlil oItay 
with _ "nd. .. THE CORNER GANG 
121141 

loofu •• I think you',. reelty epiffy .nd 
tarrfflcl I _nt you for my V.lentlne·. 
Day. Eaetl ........ (2114) 
Hey B.hrlng - H.ppy V ... ntlne·. D.y to 
• (_oradl.ultol B.rney (2114) 
.... You·,. hendaom • • You .1 ... like 
Jolin Denver you hev •• parfect body. 
but moat Of .11 you',. lov.b... Lov • • 
VW'lIoaatC21141 

Ara04 or Areo 3. Who' . lID next for uc-
107(21141 
"....... Freek from Frlaco - If you fly 
your Frleboa on • Friday nlllht In 
February. It'll be funky (or Blu".1/ 
(21141 

If you think may lID one chenc. In • 
million I .xlat com. to C.mpu. Cru .. de 
tonlta. I·lIbo there. God. (2114) 
To my B ..... t Buddy - Will you be my 
V."ntlne. LIf. I •• 0 wonderful bel ... 
with you. All my lov • . Stevie (2114) 
J .. nne. TIm. I.n·t lonll .nd dlatanc. 
.. n·t fer for thON who love. Today .nd 
.Iw.ya. P.ul (21141 

AI • H.ppy 20thl Did you like the 
balloon III.v. you71' 11 lID over to model 
It. Love. Q.B. (21141 
Hey N .. t • H.ppy V ... ntlne·. D.y. 
Thenka fOr .11 the Super N .. t tim .. 
together. I h.... they contlnu. for • 
1I0od tim. to com • . SllIned Ooof 121141 

H.ppy Birthday. Sherm.n; you Iittl. 
d.vll. Until next tim • • tha River Qu ...... 
12/141 

Wond.rou. Wom.n. My lov. to .11. 
S.pho (21141 
To Lolita lueh: H.ve • heppy 20th • 
Shell w.c.leb .. ta It togather7 from the 
"A.A." F.n Club (Don Ju.n. Enzym. 
llpe •• nd "Occ"l 

AI · H.ppy 2nd decad.1 Hop. your 3rd I. 
Ju.t •• lIood. K .. p thet bod In tip-top 
.hepel Dorf(u.. Qu .. n of the Surf-
board. Sk.t.board min. (2/141 
AIII.on. will you hev. birthday dinner 
with u.7 R.S.V.P. POtato M.n. D •• th 
.nd 0,"", • . (2/14) 
K.ren I. Cham .nd m.th .... u. by. 
but love wiN ... t forev.r. Will you b. my 
V ..... tI ... 1Staphen (2/14) 
Hay. KIIthy. 12J211 

K.thy7"01211 

Y.h. KIIthy. I2121' 

OK. R .. dy? Here _ 80. 121211 

HAPPY IIRTHDAY. KATHYII2J21I 

JC. n . AL Jz. E • • J •• MM. D8. K tho C. 
M " D. T the C. , tho Ch. ........ IonI 
knowa who .1 ... 12J211 

And rem.mbor. K.thy. thet the .outh 
.hell rlee ... In . .. hopafulty. you will 
.fter tomorrow. celeb,.tOry · ..... ocIa. 
(2121) 

'ale 8 Triton Times Febru .. ry 14, 1975 

U.D LAW ICHOOl ... __ . 
blaoll lew atudont'. COII .... IIft04 .. t 
11. Work.hopo .nd ... *.~ 
on lat.. Feb... P.M .• 
AlabaillO Mayor. A.J. c-.. All 
......... I .......... In attoncInf low 
DOhOOI. pl.... .tt.nd. "Ev.ryon. 

W~··4I/MI 
Tho Mu ...... Ould Con.rt that ... 
Hhodulod for 2·14 wtI now bo T ..... 2· 
• n_ to 3. Muir lawn. Don't mIaa It. 
IpGnllONd by Cepe loami ... fair. Q/I4) 

All men' •• nd cad Intramu ..... occ. 
.. mea .,. canoellocl ... w.ok ...... 
Feb." .nd 11. CeptaI .... hOuld check 
the Intr.mu,.1 office for n.w 
achaduHng 12/141 

Tho Sprfng lic ......... Of C ...... will be 
.".1 .. " on Feb 11. Stuclanta OlIn pick 
up • copy .t the 800ketoro or the 
Sundry Store for 1. o. 121,., 

I .... I. lorah .nd .... ny .,. bou~ 
clnll boob.·.·lot In b.nnln.. II 
mayonnoiM jare .nd Jaaphlne. Elton 
121141 

Hay 1_._. (Dove tho wcapl,11·1.." 
Your Voluptuoue CumbortNn.12I141 

J.W. - I. tho oIootrfo ...... at on tonItht7 
Happy Valentino'. Day .nyway. 121141 
ThelIa • YOUr L.uehIoue Upe _cIta my 
Innann .. • my heart aklppod ..... - or 
did. tliiID atop when _ motl 121141 

J Olrla-Sorry about that. Hero' •• 1. 
H.ppy V.D. (Valentine'. D.y) love. R 
121141 

Sur. I muat .ppofoglz. for the mlotllken 
Identity 2 w..u .,0 outaIcIa Of the GYm 
leta gat In touch. Tom 12114) 
D .. r Wootle. Hope yOU .,. feell ... 
bonar. H.ppy V.lentlne·. Day. W.·II 
heve fun thle weekend. love. Tot (2114) 
R.mlnder Nurda. - C.lcu .. tor drilia Sat. 
G.t the,. _rty front _ta .0 f .. t. 
(21141 
E •• t. B_.ta: H.ppy V.lentlne·. Day. 
You can glv. m •• cat In • can .nytlm.1 
love you. Boofu. (2114) 
Mike 01 - H.v •• dmlred you from .fer 
.N quarter · hOW 'bout It. Ilu.hln. 1I1r1 
In the oIovator whlta __ tar. pink 
.hlrt. 12114' 

Jull • • Con.,.tu .. tlon you mad. It Into 
Muir Col ..... 000d luck on your .um. 
I w .. h you the boat. H.ppy V.llentlne·. 
D.y. I think • lot .bout you. The only 
tim. I don't think .bout you .. In the 
mldd .. of my _me. Ilova you. Richerd 
12114' 

Amy . Thin.. .,. .reet. H.ppy 
V."ntl"" D.y .nlmal. M.uIecl12l14) 
Conn" (7th Floor TIoga, 8' FrI.nd Jul": 
on thle occa.lon of V.lentl"" D.y. w. 
take the opponunlty to Inform you thet 
w. have loved yOU from .fer. .nd 
would now Ilk. to try It from up clo .... 
The Guy •• t lunch (2114) 
A .... . Sorry you dldn·t do bottar on 
the midterm. W.·II heve to gat toaether 
.nd compa,. phyalology befora the 
fI ... 1.121141 

Hey BOlo . Igu_ I'm not the only one 
with • bl. "-rt. You',. undubloualy 
ruthenlc .nd definitely not ruthleeal 
H.ppy V.lentlne·. D.y (Y'" It .ounda 
cornyl. DOn't forgot to DIA .nd COl 
(with m.) - you know ... (21141 
Kid -- H.ppy V-day. Ilov. you even If Ita 
notyoura.lov • • " Honey" (2114) 
To Kay. the Qu_n of H_rta. hoW. the 
BoycOtt7 • The committee for the 
parpotrltlon Of V.D. 12I14) 

To the Infamoua 0001 Of fema lora .nd 
I ••• nd. hlp· h.ppy V.I.ntln.. d.y 
Lowr. P. Phroee (2114) 

To thON totally cool fox.. In Areo 
Sulta 140. H.v. • quito bott;hen 
V.lentlne·. D.y. From thet _eat 
f.ma" nextdoor. (2/14) 
H.ppy V."ntlne·. D.y to one HOT old 
m.n. With lov. from hi. turfley with red 
f .. thera. (2/141 
Simone -- It I. with lI,..t reluctanc. 
thet w. w •• t. both the type .nd the 
.pac. to wl.h yOU. IIlortou. 21.t brlth-
day. And kHP In mind. Edw.rd. thet 
you will nev.r be wOrth .nythl .... t .11. 
All the II. nil. (2/141 
J ... H.ppy H .. rr. D.y your f.vorlt. 
fllanvll. (2114) 

Moo6c .. • P.rry-H.ppy V.lentlno·. D.y. 
yOu .. ndaom. A .... 1. I·v. bean atruok 
II¥ eu.Id •• 0 Me Corfly. love. ..., It 
CorIly CIIMI 

To fJIw¥. 1' ...... Maowea. .nd.N the 
....... ~ ..... .., V......,.. Dey. 
Lot .. , &.a.. I C2114I 

EVERYTHING YOU EVER WANTID TO 
KNOW ABOUT .IIITH COIIfTIlOL. .UT 
WERE APIIAID TO All( ......... by 
Judy Ooldtlnoh of the UC8D .Irth 
ContrOl CI. .. now at tho CIueIar 
U...,.... ....... lINwy .nd .. bo lIP 
through V ....... no·. Day.1J/M1 

WrItI ... Tutore For F.n 'lI: IntareetlOd 
.tudenta .hOuld apply now for ad-
m .... on to Utaratu,. 0....,.1 1M. Tho 
T .. ohl... of WrItI.... ..rfng QUartar. 
ThIe .. now • PreNClUlaita for tutore. 
who muat heva 3.0 OPA; upper dMelon 
iteM 1M unital by Sept, 1m; .nd 
WRmNO ABILITY. Com. to 1. H-L or 
caN x2I22 to apply •• pickup COUrea 
deacrfSltlon. C2I2It 

end 
...... " ..... 

Prof. 
M .... mmer ~m acIvIoor 
..... .. oval ...... In ofIIoa 1_ H-L Ravelo' to ................ Mon. 
Wed. and Ftt. ......... to .. or by 
.ppolntm.nt. nl.,. with • I.' 
--.. In hIItory ooureoa ......... 
Dood ...... Apr111ot.l2141 

D.~ • 2Df MC • Fri. Feb.14· fostturlng 
=~N8TREET -.. p .... 1 .• donation 

advertisements for 
To Monkay. M_. J.net. au ..... EI 
Chunko tam. -..Ie. phsa .1 axtra • 
Happy V.IentI"" D.yt: lowe Kerry 
lorry. 121141 

V .......... be mine. I _'t have any 
ott.. YOU're -V ..... 1 to me. You',. 
illY onty ChrfotIan brother. lowe. Animal 
121141 

Laonard My Uon. You .,. the ounehlno 
of my life. Hove • -V happy l1et1love 
.nd hu ... lAMIv Dephno. (p2/141 
DIy. luv yo much. Ja12l141 

H.ppy Ilrthday aIeta .. 1 hopa ... one 
will bo merry. In fact. I hopa thot •• Of 
your daya.,. merry. Merry.- luv. Vel N. 
Tyne. 12114) 

C.K. You have whMlod your way 
my heart. Ride on. H.ppy V ............ 
D.y. Blue E,_12I14) 
To Bonnie .nd Her Buoket. a... _ 
no cl .. r. xoxoxo TIIe.WI" R-tlCIIMI 

NI.hti ....... l_ tho .... In yftur .... 
.nd I love It. ... nd you. H......, IlrthcIIIy 
.nd V.lentl .... D.y. Santa C"ua. (2114) 
SF - R.bblta .nd cabbe.. for .11 ~ 
durin' tlm.7 (HOP. hop; llrow. grow,. 
Lov • • JJ. 12/141 

Oumbell Eillal Try my Olent Com Dog7 
The 0.nere112l141 

JF • H.ppy V."ntlne·. D.y .nd H.ppy 
Birthday. Too bad I·m not here. but 
.njoy yourealf .nyw.y. KR 121141 
K.y. J.ck ... Su • • Mlee you .11. S_r 
I'll wtfta. LOft. MAA 121141 

St. V ... ntI ... •• D.y · M_,. pefty 
2114. Ipm. ,.. P.rIve. Cerdlff. 1_. 
bend. fOOd. W.tch for blu. n.ht. All 
UCSD Invited. Cherll.. Mike. Onsa. 
John. (2114) 
latin leu .. : H.ppy V.lentlne·. D.y. 
Buey thIa w.okond7 Cowardly M.rfl 
121M' 

H.y you cuta little lovely doway Happy 
V.D. love you mucho. Sweetie Snoz 
121141 

ARlA: For YOUr Blrihcllly will YOU bo my 
V.lentlne7 I lov. you. ·-Your obMa 
"""12114' 

SUSAN UEBELE. BIRTHDAY OIRl: 
Congretu .. tlone on TWENTY yea .... 
BElT .lways. lov •• Jolla. 121141 

Foxy IIUY _nta foxy chick to take 
aklln. thIa w.okond .t M.mmoth or 
T.hoe. Cell lob. __ Nighta. 
moml.... 121141 

services 
TYPIST. Theaeo. tDrrn-paPefD. ate. RUGh 
Joe. too. Vary low ..... Call R.chel .t 
-..z72.12114, 

HAIRCUTS on c.mpu. by • 
profMe!onel .. /cut. Cell M.re" 412. 
.. orlth floor TIoga. H .... 12I141 

" HOW TO OET INTO ORAD SCHOOL" • 
By UCSD lI .. d etudentSL Bond t3 te: 
P.H.D.·O .• lox 72. Rt. 1 Del M.r ..,4. 
121141 
RESEARCH AIDS - Ce ... da·. Ii,.... 
aervlco. For ootaIoauo Hnd t2 to: IDISIY 
Sarvl_. ~ 1PIId1 ... Avo.. No. _ 
Toronto. Ce ..... Cempuo ........ 
tatlv .. required. ,..... wrIIa" 
Incom. T.x • DleoOUnt etudIMa . ..... 
faculty. 7III-IDI aftor4 PiltWMI 

TYPIITS: I.M·T.,.,. .. per/ 
thoNoId ..... onoI ... 
Edltlng/RUSN Joeanc... AIle _ 
_(JI141 
TYP1NG W08Id 
your....... .... 
.................... of~ 
,..on "11M'" ... I.M . ...... oil 
"'at.""I21144 

ROOIiIt'MtI.....,· .... 2 ~m • 
t ,,. ........ --. .... 
..... _of ........... tll .......... 
B....., ............ 121141 

............... 'S ....... tattI ... 

....... .... · .......... wllhlow 

.......... __ .......... Rob 
- IIIMt 

P .. Y1ftIIr I 11ft. I M "-...... lit. 
- · ................. fum In-
cludl ... '-.................. 222. 
2m. 1p2/21, 

- for own rDOiIt. fieri ••••• Highlencle. 
Save •••• POOl. sIIahwa.her. bue. Call 
..... K ... ~ ... C2I111 

F.male Houaemata w.nted: SiIION 
room In .. ,.. houM. Del Mer .. . 7W-
1423.12114' 

Own room In ...... In Sole ... 8aooh. 
Y.rd vIDw. _ IIIue utIIItI-. AvaI ...... 
2111. 7II-21II7. 121141 

Roomm.t. NIEDED. Pr.f.r.bl. 
. humanoid. Own room In • '_1-
beautiful Del M., .... DaooraIacI In 

. .. rty Ilrove1. N .. r.tth .... __ iIdo of 
101. tD/mo. P .... % ..- lIfCD3. 
Fred .nd/or 01u.12111' 

ROOmmata _ntod ·1_........ Own 
room. Vary c:Iooe • Only 
tI1/month. Quiet. poeL ___ 111M, 

travel 


