
_ ude'sWork 
To Benefit 
SIO Grads 

by Margaret Kl'Ueler 
Staff Writer 

"Jeff Rude's work," predicts 
Michael M. Mullin of Scripps 
Inst itution of Oceanography (SIO), 
"will playa future role in the work 
of other graduate students." 

S10 graduate student Jeffrey 
Donald Rude was killed in 
Antarctica Oct. 11, when the 
vehicle he was driving broke 
through the ice and sank in 500 
meters of water. 

Since his acceptance into the SIO 
doctoral program in 1971, Rude 
had been working on his graduate 
research project, which was 
centered around the porifera, or 
ocean sponge. Primary emphasis 
was on the defense mechanisms of 
the sponges and how they affect 
growth and reproduction functions . 

Sponges were studied in two 
principle areas; the Point Lorna 
kelp beds in California and 
McMurdo Sound in Antarctica. The 
two sites were chosen for their 
qualities conducive to sponge 
research, says Mullin. ' 

t the Point Lorna site, sponges 
achieve a high density, high energy 
existence. The water IS relatively 
shallow and there is constant wave 
action. 

In contrast, the McMurdo site 
has almost no water turbulance, 
sponges are widely distributed and 
live in a stable, low energy 
position, according to Mullin. 
Because of the low water tem-
perature at McMurdo Sound, 
growth an<l.change OCCur slowly. 
Scientists are able to study, in 
detail, the manipulations of ocean-
floor life. 

Comparison Studjes 
Rude had been making com-

parison studies of the two sites and 
had already established the basic 
data on distribution and abundance 
of the sponge species at the Point 
Lorna kelp beds. 

Included in other findings by 
Rutle, is that "sponges obtain a 
high density position only in 
sh Itered refuge areas." 

Research in progress covered 
growth, respiration, reproduction 
and defense. Rude had collected 
OVlr 250 samples covering more 
than 20 Antarctic species. 

An area of specific interest says 
Mullin. was the reaction and 
chemo-attraction of metazoan 
pr ditors to sponge compounds. 
Some sponge species produce 
chemical toxins and antibiotic 
Substances which render the 
sponge unpalatable to predators. 

The new Third College as it looks so for (n photo: Paul Jarvis) 

Third Construction 
Fa vors Low Profile 

by Brian Davis 
Staff Writer 

Construction of Third College 
Academic Unit One, northeast of 
Muir College, i~ nearing com-
pletion. 

According to Third College 
Provost Joseph Watson, the 
complex consists of four academic 
buildings Qriented towards the 
natural sciences and com-
munications, townhouse/apart-
ment-style residences for 250 
students and a dining-recreational 
commons. 

The academic buildings, which 
will be used beginning Jan. 2, in-
clude a Communications/Media 
center, a teaching laboratory 
buildi ng, chemistry research 
building and one building 
primarily reserved for classroom 
use. 

The communications-media 
center will be capable of handling 
most of the film and video needs of 
UC San Diego. The com-
munications and teacher education 
programs will be housed there. The 
building will also be utilized by the 
drama and visual arts depart-
ments, as well as by some of the 
social science departments. 

The center contains two studios, 
designed specifically for use by 
those studying the use of film and 
videotape. 

Living ystems Study 
Several of UCSD's un-

dergraduate chemistry, biology 
and physics classes, as well as 
some upper level courses in 
organic chemistry and physiology, 
will be taught in the teaching 
laboratory building. 

The chemistry research building 
will contain office space and 

laboratories for organic and 
biochemists dealing with natural 
products and the chemistry of 
living systems. 

The building will also be utilized 
by students studying in these 
complementary fields. 

Two lecture halls, seating about 
250 and 125 persons apiece, as well 
as three smaller classrooms will be 
housed in the classroom building. 
It is planned that only un-
d rgraduate courses will be taught 
here. 

About two-thirds of the spa,ce in 
the academic buildings is science-
oriented. 

When basic plans for the building 
project were finalized two years 
ago, it was decided that Third 
College should concentrate on 
d veloping a solid reputation as a 
school well founded in the natural 
sciences. 

Townhouse Apartments 
A major component of the 

construction has been the erection 
of the townhouse apartments, each 
of which will house four persons, 
and will contain complete cooking 
and bath facilities . The new 
townhouses will hold about 250 
Third College students. 

There is also an ancillary 
building connected with the 
apartments, housing complete 
washin g and clothes drying 
facilities, as well as a lounge. 

The Third College Food Com-
mons includes a snack bar and a 
recreation room. A grocery store 
will also be located in the com-
mons. 

The buildinbs will be opened for 
use on the first day of the winter 
quarter, Jan. 2. 

GSU Strike IDlpending 
Vote t o Str ik e Seem s Likely; 
Un ion Affiliation Considered 

by Mark Stadler 
and Craig Uchida 

The Graduate Student Union 
(GSU ) is voting on a strike 
proposal, through tonight at 5, 
with the vote predicted by a union 
organizer to be "overwhelmingly 
in favor of a strike." 

GSU Negotiating Committee 
member Jim Kavanagh estimated 
Monday night that the vote would 
be " 85 percent in favor of a strike." 

The proposal the GSU is voting 
on reads : "That the GSU engage in 
a Nov . 19,20 and 21 work stoppage, 
during which time we make it clear 
that, if GSU demands have not 
been met by the beginning of 
Winter Quarter, then the GSU will 
begin an indefinite strike Jan. 12, 
1976." 

47% Voted Monday 
At Monday night's meeting, 

attended by 140 members, this 
proposal was discussed and th~ 
balloting begun. Approximately 95 
absentee ballots were also cast, 
bringing he vote total by late 
Monday to 235 I'r almost 47 per-
cent of GSU membership. which 
co-secretary Bob Glush estimates 
at 500. 

Kavanagh predicts a 75 percen 
tu rnout. 

The vote was extended through 
today after prote from om' 
members that several depart-
ments had not been officially 
notified of the meeting. 

However, membership rolls 
have been frozen to insure that no 
grad student joins the GSU just to 
vote. 

GSU members who did not at-
tend the meeting can vote through 
their department representatives. 

The meaning of a strike was 
defined by egotia ting Committee' 
member Tom Lewis. Teaching 
assi tants would not hold sections, 
attend lectures or have office 
hours. 

Research assistants would not 

absorb the workload left by T As 
and would honor " prior 
notification" of picket lin s around 
buildings on campus. 

All union members would be 
expected to do duty on picket lines 
and attend all meetings. 

"Strike Vote" 
Kavanagh said the tally "should 

be considered a strike vote" unless 
there is a 'substantive offer" from 
the administration, in which case 
the steering committee will recall 
the entire membership to consider 

Tom Lewis, GSU Negotiating 
Committee member, predicts 
an overwhelming vote in favor 
of strike. (TT photo: Paul 
Jarvis) 
the offer. 

Chancellor McElroy, contacted 
yesterday, reserved corrunent on 
the vote until the result have been 
released. 

The vote tallies will be released 
this evening. 

The GSU's next meeting will be 
Nov. 13 to consider union af-
filiation . 

Victory for Wilson 
Candidates Assured 

Mayor Wilson's controlled 
growth supporters on ~he City 
Council won re-election last night 
in San Diego's municipal gen ral 
election, and Tom Gade, endorsed 
by Wilson, was leading Ray Lussa, 
with 80 percent of the vote counted. 

Di trict 4 Councilman Leon 
Williams was the bigge t winner 
last evening in defeating Jesse 
Albritten with over 60 percent of 
the vote. Jeffrey Rude had been working 

as a member of a group headed by 
Paul Dayton, assistant professor of 
oceanography at SJO. Dayton is 
studying Antarctic sea floor life 
and is not due to return from the 
Anta rctic untiliater this month. 

P -d t- I C d-d t O'Connor was leading Lou reS} en la an 1 a e Ridgeway in District 2 with 51.5 
Definite plans for recognition of 

RUde's work will not be finalized 
until Dayton returns to Scripps. 

Mullin feels it is 'critical' not to 
lOSe a scientist's research, and that 
the da ta collected by Rude wiD be 
of use in the graduate program. 

Rude's master's thesis is 
ava ilable to interested students in 
thes ipps library. 

CaleDdar Correctiaa 
Th Judaic Studies Conference, 

set to gin Sunday at 2:15 pm, is ~ot ffillated with Israel 
Wareness Week. 

percent. C - to Speak Here Haro, appointed last year to fill am.e JO the vacancy created by Jim Bates' 
For the first time in the 1976 

campaign, UC San Diego is to be 
visited by a presidential candidate. 

Peter Camejo, Socialist Workers 
Party candidate for President, will 
speak tomorrow on the Muir plaza 
at noon in an appearance spon-
sored by the UCSD chapter of 
Young Socialista for Camejo and 
Reid. 

Camejo Is the first person of 
Latin American descent to run for 
president in a national party. 

Camejo has been active in the 
Civil Rights movement and the 

, Anti-war movements. According to 
the Socialist Workers Party , 
Camejo and his rwming mate, 
Willie Mae Reid, support the right 
of black, Puerto Rican, and 
chicano children to an equal 
education . 

The socialist worker have also 
id that they will eliminate the 

national defens budg t and open 
all CIA and FBI files to th publi . 

Camejo will be in San Diego all 
day tomorrow and will also speak 
at a m ling at the UCSD MECIIA 
at6pm. 

election to the Board of Super-
visors, won election in his own 
right in District 8 when he defeated 
John Flowers with 56.5 percent of 
the vote. 

Gade, who has indicated he will -
not upport Wilson 's growth polic 
despite the Mayor' endor ment, 
wa leading Lu a, al 0 a critic of 
the curr nt council, with 50.6 
perc nt. 

In the Board of Education ra s, 
in wnb n oroth a Edmi ton of 
01 trict 0 and G org Walker 
mith of District E I d th ir op-

ponent by comfortabl margin . 
Edmiston had 55 perc nt f th 
tclcph ni vot in her race ainst 



• rI ... 1I1101('8 
The Female Ego at UCSD 

by Vleto Nlraslo 
A lot has said in recent 

years about the .le ego. Men who 
feel that th r masculinity is 
threatened by a trong. assertive 
woman are seen as having a male 
ego problem. It iJ pointed out that 
many men seem to have to prove 

This lperi wal deUvered at the 
Alire Doesa't Day Rally. 

their manhood by being a protector 
to weak females, by being the 
aggressor in social or sexual 
situations, or by boasting about 
conquests when in male company, 
etc., etc. 

I agree. I agree that men in our 
society are socialized in such a way 
that they often develop a com-
pulsive need to act out the con-
ventionaly male role and to project 
the traditional male image. I also 
agree that this can be pretty ob-
noxious and that the irrational 
insecurities involved can be pretty 
pathetic. 

Letters to the Editor 

But not as much is said about the 
female ego. What about the woman 
with the sugary-sweet personality, 
the one who is pre-occupied with 
cute clothes and being asked out, 
the ooe who projects an image of 
vulnerable fragility, the ooe who 
thinks of herself as a "girl" and 
refe rs to her sisters as "girls"? In 
my opinion such a woman has a 
female ego problem which is just 
as nauseating and repugnant as its 
male counterpart. She has 
irrational insecurities about her 
femininity which parallel male 
fears. Her low self-image is as 
contemptible as that of the black 
man who refers to himself as a 
"colored boy." 

Millions of black Americans 
have rejected the degrading Uncle 
Tom image foisted upon them by a 
white racist system and media. 
They have come to realize that 
black is beautiful. When will the 
women of this country-all the 
woman, not just the active 
feminists-unite in rejecting an 

equally degrading image foisted 
upon them by a male~ted 
ssist system and media! When 
will they come to realize that it is 
beautiful to be a strong, assertive, 
and dignified woman? 

Many women here at UCSD 
seem to fear that they will cease to 
be attractive to men if they don't 
project a pretty, skinny, well-
dressed media image or if they 
don't act out the conventional 
female role . These fears are un-
founded . You will only cease to be 
attractive to a certain kind of man-
the macrotype who can't cope with 
a relationship unless he plays his 
role and the woman plays hers. Do 
you really want a man who expects 
and demands that you play a 
submissive role? There are many 
men who are waiting for you to 
outgrow your passive per-
sonalities. Sexuality is more than 
one body being attracted to 
another body; there is an 
emotional aspect as well. When 

Continued on Page 8 

Transcendental Meditation Debunked 
On October 29th I viewed the 

Merv Griffin Show, his guest being 
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi who ex-
pounded upon transcendental 
meditation. I was astounded by the 
miraculous claims Maharishi 
made for T M. Not only are they 
unsubstantiated but they are ob-
viously incompatible with reality. 
DiSpite Maharishi 's denials, T M is 
distinctly Hindu. The veracity of 
Maharishi's claims can be refuted 
and history tells us much about this 
movement. 

First, let us examine 
Maharishi's goal, " I'm looking 
forward to have one per cent of the 
people practicing T M in this 
country (USA) and that will prove 
to be a sunshine of the age of 
enlightenment for the whole 
world ." We can challenge 
Maharishi immediately at this 
point simply by looking at the 
conditions of India. Obviously, the 
Maharishi's claims that T M 
resolves pain, suffering, and 
sickness are not true of his own 
country . He went on to say, during 
the Merv Griffin Show, that T M 
develo ps immunities against 

diseases. His promises and claims 
for T M do not match reality. 

Next, he states that T M is not a 
religion. The opening page of the 
Maharishi's book Transcendental 
Meditation acknowledges its Hindu 
Source : " This unique book com-
bines the practical wisdom found 
in the Vedic Rishis of ancient India 
and scientific thinking of the 
present day western world." 
Likewise, his last name Yogi in the 
Hindu system is given to those 
meeti.ng the physical and mental 
state of well being through union 
with the absolute. For 13 years he 
was a devotee of his divinity 
Swami Brahmanand Sarasuati 
Maharij, to whose picture one 
presents their offering. Maharishi 
often repeats his indebtness to the 
Hindu writing, the Vedas, in his 
commentary on the Bhagvad-Gita. 
The new recruits, like Hindus, 
bring to the initiation session an 
offering of fresh flowers, fresh 
fruit, and a clean white hand-
kerchief. Mter presenting their 
offering the T M instructor recites 
the puja in sanskrit, giving the 

Stimula is a Condom is a ... 
I would like to take this opportunity to offer a rebuttal to Ann Crane's 

November 3 letter in both the Triton Times and the "Natty Dread," and to 
laugh with, and at, Triton Times' "Stimula Condom" ad. 

On first seeing the ad I was a little surprised, but certainly not 
"amazed" or "disgusted," having seen the same ad in several 
magazines. Although it was by no means tasteful or discrete, it seemed to 
me to be humorous in both content and placement ("SUPPORT TT 
ADVERTISERS"). 

Whether Ms. Crane concedes it or not certain " synthetic devices" are 
said by many to be conducive to a more pleasant sexual experience, 
" hundreds of tiny fi ngers" not withstanding. The implication that those 
who would use Stimula, or perhaps any other condom, are " ignorant, 
frigid and impotent" is , prima facie , unfounded and unfair. If anything, 
these people Should be credited for having greater foresig ht and intellect 
than those thousands who are confronted, every year, with VD and un· 
wanted pregnancy. In my opinion if this ad motivated only one couple 
that had prev iously taken no precautions to adopt some kind of con· 
traception then it IS in the public interest and should be run gratis. 

MARKLITILE 

•• ei •• HI • i nM'S 

.Iark Wodber 
Mdniglng .:ditor 

\1 kStadler 
N ws editor 

':raig Uchida 
(1pin10D editor 

Sara J . Lowen 
Community editor 

Dave Elsen 
Sports editor 

C an Diegn 

John H. Taylor 
Ed ltor-in-chief 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

Anne Liebler 
Copy editor 

Rick Rodewald 
Business Manager 

Daniel Shawler 
Arts editor 

Tad Sperry 
Photo edit. ,r 

names of past of Hindu t eachers of 
T M and actual worship. Again 
Hindus do the same. At this time, 
the initiates are given their secret 
mantra, just as other Hindus are 
given a mantra. Research done by 
Colin Campbell concluded in 
Psychology Today (April74) T M is 
" clearly a revival of ancient Indian 
Brahmansim and Hinduism." 

So far as the Maharishi's health 
c1~ms go for T M they . lack 
SCientific support. Col in Camp-
bell, Gary Schwartz and Leon Otis 
in Psychology Today (April 74 ), 
concluded that little correlation 
can be made with T M's 
physiological changes, personality 
changes, and drug rehabilitation. 
Schwartz concluded, " there are 
still a good many mysteries about 
meditation and there are several 
versions of how it works. For this 
reason we should remain wary of 
the claims and selective use of 
scientific data by well-meaning, 
but scientifically unsophisti cated 
practitioners." Swa rtz also added 
that so far as increasing creativity 
T M people scored the same or 
lower on creativity tests when 
compared to non T M people. Dr. I 
Benson of Harvard developed his 
own " mental device" of relaxation 
and produced s imilar resultS that T 
M exclusively claims [Newsweek 
April 28, 75) . A meditator and 
medical student, Harrison Pope, 
has said, " I do feel that T M has 
more than once endangered its 
reputation among education people 
by prematurely broadcasting 
scientific findings of tentative 
caliber." (The Road East, pg 37 )1 
Most of the scientific research 
comes from Maharishi's own T M 
people. • 

Upon examination of 
Maharishi's claims we find that his 
promises are void in his own 
country. He tries to clothe Hin-
duism in scientific terms that are 
vague , but the Hindu influence 
remains. The initiation ceremony 
(the Puja) is totally Hinduism. 
Unfortunately, people do not know 
this because it is said in sanskrit. If 
the Puja were given in English, 
people would immediately 
recognize it as Hindu. Maharishi 
fail s miserably at trying to 
corre late T M with scientific 
research . Historica lly, his 
movement is very reminiscent of 
another sage from India, Maharaj 
.Ji. His Divine Light Mission of 3 
years ago made similar promises 
and has now passed from the 
scene. It is most fitting to close 
with a remark by Gary Schwartz 
(Time Aug., 25" upon reflection of 
T M a year later, " T M is no longer 
a movement, it's an industry." 

For those desiring to listen to the 
tape of this television session and 
r ad the T M initiation (Puja ) in 
English, or talk with me, I can be 
rcached at room 210 in the student 
center. GEORGE POST 

Wednesday. November 5.1975 

IRI 
Humphrey Hype 

I suppose the most suc:ceSlful US political speech In modem times was 
Franklin Roosevelt's Teamsters Union speech about "my little dog, 
Fala" in 1944 which devastated Dewey. After that I regretfully have to 
add Nixon's Republican "cloth coat" speech in 1952 when he was fighting 
for his political life on the Eisenhower tirket. It was corny and 
meretricious and it brought In his wife, his children and his dog Checkers, 
but there was no doubt about It. Even to some of us who were disgusted 
by the perfonnance, when he finished with the pledge " to campaign up 
and down America until we drive the crooks and Communists and those 
who defend them out of Washington" he had scored a political bull's-eye. 
" My boy!" said Ike. 

There have been other notable political addresses in recent times a nd 
some of them will be cited later on, but this is to' record that Hubert 
Humphrey made a remarkable speech the other day in San Francisco to 
the AFlrCIO convention. Everybody loves Hubert. But some of us give a 
s igh (a lbei~ with affection) at the thought that he might be the 
Democratic candidate again next year. Can't the Democrats come up 
with a fresh face? Why should they use a re-tread? Yet there can be no 
question that after the San Francisco speech Hubert abruptly emerged as 
somebody to be reckoned with. Nobody takes polls too seriously at this 
early date for they are mostly name recognition, but momentarily, at 
least, Gallup has put Humphrey - the man who isn't going to enter any of 
the primaries - at "the top of the Democratic presidential field ." 

Humphrey, in what "Mr. Meany and many other onlookers considered 
one of the great speeches of his long career," reported R. W. Apple , Jr. to 
The New York Times " tore the house down .. . delegates cheered and 
whistled and screamed ... on the floor, delegate after delegate expressed 
hope that Mr. lIumphrey would be the nominee ... " and so on. 

Well, there have been other powerful speeches. FDR's "Nothing to 
fear . .. " and his "Day of Infamy" addresses. lie could communica te 
confidence (Arthur Schlesinger has written) by the intonation of his 
voice, the tilt of his head, the flourish of his cigarette holder . A cherished 
recollection is a speech by Ev Dirksen, a last·ditch Taft supporter, who, 
shaking the wild locks of his hair at Governor Dewey on the convention 
floor (who was backing Ike), hurled studied insults at him from the 
podium - while the packed ga lleries cheered and booed. 

There was Bobby Kennedy's brief, tragic talk on the back of a flat bed 
truck on the eve of Martin Luther King's assasination, and again, his 
eulogy to his brother at the Atlantic City Democratic convention quoting 
Shakespeare. (lIe was one of the few politicians who could quote 
Shakespeare and get away with it.) Yes, and lIarry Truman's ac· 
ceptance speech in the stifling heat of the Philadelphia convention hall at 
two in the morning in 1948, announcing that he would call the n<rgood 
Republican Congress back to the Turnip Day Special session ... A game 
little cuss. 

And before coming back to Hubert let me include Lyndon Johnson 's 
stirring civil rights speech to a joint session, March 15, 1965, that makes 
up for a lot of his mistakes : 
" Their cause must be our cause, too . Because it is not just Negroes, but 
really it is all of us, who must overcome the crippling legacy of bigotry 
and injustice. And we shall overcome." 

Hubert Humphrey has a rugged, cartoon face, thrust-out jaw, pink 
cheeks, small eyes and surprised eyebrows. He has enough energy .so 
that if you could wire him he could light a house. A group of us asked him 
the other day what the· Democrats should do about George Wallace? " I 
would trcat him like any candidate who should not be a president," he 
said simply. Why wasn't he running himself? " I've found you can't be a 
good senator and a good candidate." Why does President Ford keep up 
his frantic pace? "He is doing it because he sees the shadow of Ronal.d 
Reagan. It is folly, because no Ronald Reagan can unseat a president If 
he IS president. lie ought to stay home and tend to the store," Asked 
pointblank if he thought he would make a better president than Ford, 
Humphrey anSwered matter-of-factiy , " Yes." 

Give Hubert Humphrey 45 minutes to make a 30-minute speech before a 
friendly audience and he is one of the most effective speakers in America. 
The fact is, I think , that the nation is confused and disturbed and at .a 

time when it fears for its job it gets attacks on big government, when It 
wonders about high gasoline prices it gets denunciations of regulation, 
when it agonizes over recession it hears the Administration leader at· 
tack bureaucracy which they are in charge of. " It is stylish these da. s," 
Humphrey told the labor convention, " to say all the old programs that 
Roosevelt had, Truman, Kennedy and Johnson had, all these programs, 
you know, are worn out, no good." . 

Then he went over the programs, social security to food stamps. "If It 
werc not for the programs of Roosevelt and Truman, of Kennedy and 
.Johnson," he cried, " this country would be flat on its back today in a 
massive depression ." 

There is something hypnotic in Humphrey 's torrent, every thought 
repeated, every phrase given variations, the flood no more to be dammed 
than Niagara and sweeping receptive audiences with it: " We need 
leaders with a heart. We need people who are on the side of compassion 
and fair play, and we need leaders who will challenge this country, whO 
will challenge the spirit and strength of the American people to achieve 
what they want." . . . . .' 

It IS 110t easy in quotations to blast off chips of It, but If you Yield to It . . It 
sweeps you along: ''I'm not going to run away from the great dynamiC 
lcadership that I voted for when I was a young man and someone spoke to 
me as if he was in my heart and my mind and my soul and said, 'All ~ou 
have to fcar.lIubertllumphrey, is fear itself' and who said, 'We are gOing 
to ~et this country going again-.'" • . 

" We need - we need, my friend, a new birth. We need a new birth of 
freedom in this country. We need a new sense of our purpose. The people 
are obviously waiting, and I S8y to you, that they have waited long enoUllh 
and thcy are impatient. .. Let America sing once again and let's get back 
and get to work ." 

It's powerful , moving stuff. The labor audience? - as I said at the 
beginning, he wowed th m. 

The T"ton Times is reCognized by the Communications Boord of UCSO as Ihe 
off,clol student newspaper. Publication i. on Mondoys. Wedn .. do~ o~ 
F"doys during the regular .chool year (except on offICIal holidays). Ed,toroo 
and bus iness offices are located In 117 Bloke Hall on the lIevelle College 
campu •• Univers ity 01 Cal,fornla, Son Diego. 

leiters to Ihe Editor and opinion columns are welcomed. A" submission' 
should be typed on a 74. space I, ne on nonerasable poper. They ihould nt 
.xceed Ihree poges In length double.spoced. The T"ton Time. reserves I e 
rIght 10 edit SubmiSSions because of .poce limilohons or .tyle reqUirements. II 

For editorlol . call 452.3.t66; for busone .. and display odver".emenll. cO 
452· 3468. 

• , ••• I."'" 
-

Wcdnesday I November 5, 1975 .rl.c"I'ln1(~ 

The Muir Pumpkin Plop 
Conservation and good taste. A candy-stuffed 

pumpkin dropped from the 12th floor of Tioga Hall 
lands on t he only tree around. 

Uppe.r right: Willie Brown and biceps tOSSing the ' 
pumpkin . It really wasn't his fault. 

Upper center: Hefty pumpkin impacts on "coral" 
tree, just beginning to show fall colors. 

Upper left : Bystanders move in on candy as one 
side of tree collapses. 

Lower left: Eager hands sift through boodle. 
Lower right : Candy and crowd departed, the __ ~ 

busted tree is left for groundskeepers. Scene oc-
curred last Friday. 

Science Awards, Achievements Outlined 
by O. Paullronkwe 

Science Writer 
I begin this week an occasional series of general stories on ongoing 

discovers and achievements in the fields of science . 
(Today the recent Nobel prize awards, and two recent developments in 

cancer research and lasers, are outlined.) 
1975 Nobel Laureates 

The Nobel Prize - the most coveted international honor that cou1a oe 
bestowed on any scientist for his work - has been awarded to ten scientists 
ranging in age from 37 to 69, in the fields of chemistry, physics, 
physiatogy, or medicine, and Economics. 

Of the ten , four are Americans. Each prize category has a $143,000 
award . 

Chemistry : The Chemistry prize goes to John W. Cornforth, 58, an 
Australian and Vladimir Prelog, 69, a Yugoslavian,for their work on the 
stereochemistry of biological molecules, a research that is of fun-
da mental importance to an understanding of biological processes. 

Physics: For their work in nuclear physics 25 years ago, Aage Bohr, 53, 
a Dane, and two Americans-Benjamin MotUeson. 49, and James Rain-
water, 57-share the 1975 prize. 

The Swedish Academy of Sciences cited them " for the discovery of the 
connection between f'ollective motion and particle motion in atomic 
nuclei and the development of the theory of the structure of the atomic 
nucleus based on this connection." 

Their model of the nucleus bridges the shell model and Jiquid-drop 
model of the nucleus and has explained many nuclear properties which 
each of the other models alone could not account for. 

Medicine: Three biologists are sharing the 1975 Nobel Prize in 
Physiology or Medicine for their work in molecular biology, most notably 
their discovery of a way by which genetic infonnation is passed on by an 

enzyme ca lled " reverse transcriptase." 
Two of the .new nobelists-David Baltimore, 37, and Howard M. Temin, 

40-are AmerIcans, the third Renato Dulbecco, 61, is an Italian. 
Prior to their work, it was generally accepted among biologists that 
gene~lc information within the cell was always passed from DNA to RNA 
to protei~s . T~eir discovery. in 1970 of the enzyme " reverse tran-
sCrlptase confirmed an earlier theory of Temin's that the gcnetic in-
formation process could go from RNA to DNA within certain tumor 
viruses. 

Their work is said to provide the " conceptual foundation" for probing 
the hnks between cancer and viruses. 

Economic : Tajalling Koopmans, 65, a Dutch-born American and the 
Russian economist Leonid Kantorovich, 63, share the economi~ award 
for developing the ··activity analysis" technique that enables 
management to maximize the efficiency of labor and production. 

New Developments in 
Science & Technology 

A New Cancer Dru~ from Africa '!: A compound called maytansine, an 
extract from an African shrub, may be the long-so ug ht-for cure for 
reports from the National Cancer Institute (NCI) . 

The drug, it is reported, has proved effective in animal tests against 
leukemia, cancer of the bone marrow and some types of solid tumors. The 
F?od and Drug Administration recently cleared the drug for clinical 
trials and many cancer researchers are optimistic that it might work as 
well for cancer patients. 

Optical transistor invented by Bell Labs : Physicists at Bell 
Laboratories have demonstrated the possibility of using light energy 
from a laser beam to amplify and restore weak signals and perform 

Continued on Page 8 

Simon Says 
by Jay L. Herzog 

Have you ever wondered why 
everything is upside-down? Why 
does ignorance rule the Earth? 
Why are appearances of income 
and age criteria of character and 
Wisdom? Why is education a 
declining " big-business" ego of 
mass-production? Why is the 
de finition of " learning" an ac-
cretion process of imitation instead 
of a freely unfolding flow of what 
we already Omnisciently know. 
Inherited from The Supreme Being 
of our unique Origin in Rein-
carnation? Why someday, aM now 
NOW, shall the creative Self-
e~pression of childlike Hannony 
With the unobstructed Universe be 
Wisdom and Mentor, "adults" 
striving to imitate children's 
grea ter Omniscient-Genious 
retention, a derivative of their 
proximity to Rebirth. When shall 
lhe Earth environment reflect and 

perpetuate this intrinsic and 
Intended Level of spontaneous 
Hwnan Love and Understanding, 
and not pervert it by the extant 
deified corporeal " beast of Human 
bondage" who teaches Truth as 
inferior to luxury, and Life to be 
cheap and a single, transitory 
experience of mutual Self-
alienation ? 

Why do the injustices of 
hypocrisy, perversion, and crimes 
of state flourish while we, in our 
stuffed skins and fancy delusions, 
act so pitifully about them? It is 
because of our fear of practicing 
different, intangible values of 
closeness to the Universal 
"electric current" of a more highly 
ordered social conscioune3S of 
Truth. It is our " lip-service" 
religiOUS holidays + "diaper-
service" digested indifference to 
the "monster of '84, lasciviously 
looming on the horizon of ancient 

CoTTAGE CRA'-S Crolts . Suppl ies . 
, I books. Instruct,on 

E pl -I. W ld Fine Art Suppli es X ORE ANOlnER OR MetaphySIcal Books 
1049 Camino Del Mar (Lemon Tree Corner) Man -Sot 9 ' 30.5 .30 

prophesy to dazzle and enslave us 
further in "comfort" so that we 
more easily forfeit our Civil 
Liberties in a World totalitarian 
state, while bathing in " the warm 
oil of content" to ignore our 
" Brothers' Keeping" and 
remember our "A & W" botUecaps 
this week . Are we " Pavlovian 
dogs", salivating over the lIss-
kissing monetary reward for our 
hiding " In God We Trust", our 
pagan homage, our coward-
ice? ....... " dollar be 
praised! " ..... "dollar be praised !" 

"Chicken-Little" said the "sky is 
falling" but time and again, after 
ego feeding, one opinion today is 
dismissed as just as valid as 
another yeste rday .. .. ... when we're 
so materially mesmerized by 
imitative comparison and "sur-
vival of the fittest" power, we 
create more " cardboard reality" 
instead of crucially needed soci<r 

cultural change. Wearing our 
Souls' mask of amnesia, we won't 
become compassionate to someone 
else's pain, be devoted to what we 
mumble in-Mass or on-Sabbath, 
during Monday-Friday's work-
weakness of meaning. We are 
angels in disguise . The 
masquerade is very popular. The 
consequence is devastation. 

What will awaken us tothe result 
of our ignorance, when we will not 
even have time to regret, repent, 
or rehabilitate? Those who survive 
this augmenting human corporeal 
bondage shall indubitably follow a 
different path, which we sheep 
sidetrack in our sleep, a Universal 
Path, which doesn' t depend upon 
an omnipresently established 
communication barrier to feed off 
the poor and avariciously exploit 
their goods and services, sanc-
tioned by the intri nsic fa \lacy of 

Continued on Page 8 

Pon,Ytoil 
Bar & Grill 

Pool Tables Pong Gome 

Page3 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
A thlellt" Clinl( Athletes In ;\Cl lon basketball 
Ip.ilm will present a con";f'pt on To tal 
Rp II)J5P loda<y from 2., pm In the recrea tIOn 
gym r.onfprenCA room Th,:-, IS open to all 
8lhtpl,e learns 5everal of the baskelball 
pi yf;lfS ale former AII-Amprt( ans from across 
the country They will express how Total 
Relp.a'JR has alC:~~d their pt.. formance 
thrOlJQh a personal rf'lalionshlp With God 

HIGH QUALITY, 
PLAIN PAPER COPIES 

ItID~S1l;>Cw 
7817 Ivanhoe 

454-5589 

UAlIiTORY 

~ 
$840 

Private Pilot License 
!lneludesl 

• 35 HIS. Fly ing 
• Instruction 

• Palomor Flight Training Center 
look lor Palomar 
Air Service Sign 

VA & FAA Approved 
Jorgen Knudsen 

438-4097 or 
724-4970 

& 
sportsweo.r 

for 

GU'yS & Gols 
.., , 
~~1f ~/~7:1 

""Ci t1 " 
., CJ 
Q-Ilt 

.I .... 
on all merchandise 

open lOam-2 am 

Color T.V. 
monda~. Night Sports 

1/ 2Ib. Hamburgers 
135 N Hwy 101 (olana Beach 7559867 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

• I 

.. 



A Lor e: John H. To lor 

Faltloween 
It was time, we 'felt, to exercise our option and do something really 

vicious and final \ Halloween, 
Something tha , ould make people shiver when they told the story. 

Something that w u1d get our mug shots on page three of the SF 
Examiner. 

Something that would be very good, 
We wanned up the night before. We started at the Steak House in 

Solana Beach. In the parking lot, we tried to think the trees were swaying 
menacingly in the breeze and that we had caught glimpses of headless 
figures on dark rooftops, and blinking red light in the windows of homes 
hieh on bluffs. . 

But there were none of these things , Simons stepped in dog droppings 
on the way inside, where we found a row of drunken hicks stalling before 
returning home to their wives and listening to Spike Jones on the box. 
Simons ordered a scotch and soda, found it not to his taste and brushed it 
off the table with a swipe 01 his arm, He spit on the waitress and kicked a 
sleeping dog on the way out. 

The highway - in an old Nova, at speeds over 60 mph - is better for 
getting scared, we felt. We imagined being followed by a '56 chevy with 
no trim, no bumpers. And no driver. Being followed with a constant 
distance between us and it, until there was no one else on the road, when 
the distance would slowly close. 

But no. Just carloads of damn blond California surfer mutants, 
sticking their butts out the window and listening to their $150 car stereos 
they bought because the radio stations don't play enough Beach Boys. 
Pulling out of their bag of overworked '60s cruising cliches everything 
they can think of that might help them sustain their useless existences for 
one more night. 

We stopped at VGs in Cardiff, and waded through the creamy-eyed 
loados and bio majors toward cups of coffee. 

It looked bleak for a while there , We found Camino Real, whose history 
might have been able to provide some chills were it not now paved with 7-
lIs and Shakey's pizza. No Mexican bandits or bleeding monks. No long-
dead war heroes searching for their lovers in the sage. No Del Mar man. 
No ghost of some indian who once lived peacefully, who was displaced (or 
killed ) by a ranchero and whose land was eventually comandeered by 
Bing Crosby, 

None of that good stuff. Just a bunch of automobile dealerships. 
I had remembered that in Arizona it's fun to go out in the desert to get 

sca red . Where there are still cafes that have signs, " Leave Your Guns 
Outside - Please," where the few lights there are on the desert landscape 
are not reassuring because it is possible the buildings they signify do 
not house individuals who would necessarily be sympathetic to your 
plight. 

That is, the plight of a college student - having not really Done It - out 
on the desert just asking to be demolished by a truck-full of angry 
cowboys with heavy belt buckles and razors. On Halloween. 

But that , we decided , was neither here nor there, because there is 
nothing in our area of the county that approximates a desert wasteland 
(except La Costa). 

We did find the Palomar Airport (a ir war movies are always the most 
suspenseful- man against machine, the latter being not well built and in 
need of parts, Remember the last pages of Catch·22 - soscary). 

And - this was good - there was a large, WW II-type plane, painted 
black, adorned with the Rising Sun and the number '00' . 

If Ichibod Crane had owned a plane, this would be it. 
The last stop was Denny's, Del Mar annex. The perennial last stop for 

broke horseplayers, transients and O-chem students. The warm lIght 
glinted reassuringly off Simons ' dirty knife as he calmly discussed 
sticking ga rden hoses down the throats of trick-or-treaters. 

And that just for starters , 
• • 

lIalloween was a bust, of course, I live in an apartment building, and 
parents apparently don't allow their children to t or t in apartment 
buildings, especially ones with college students in them, 

That's probably wise. 
What we did was buy a pitifully small pumpkin, and three metric tons 

of candy . A friend came over - who has Done It; that is, gotten her head 
busted in the '60s in San Francisco trying to end racism and get more than 
10 cents an hour working in the cafeteria - and we argued about the 
revolution, the CrA and whether or not the state department runs the Los 
Angeles Times. 

It almost ruined our friendship, and I nearly turned down the wrong 
lane of the freeway in the fog taking her home, 

Iree 

......... 1 ... '8 
Revelle Reporter 

Projects Reflect Optimism 
by Margaret Knleger 

Slaff Writer 

" The mood of the students 
couldn't be better, " observes Dean 
Ernie Mort about this year's 
Revelle students. "The enrollment 
is up, but manageable." 

Dr. Morris Friedkin, Revelle 
Provost , is back at his desk after 
being absent last year due to a car 
accident. 

A recent addition to the Revelle 
community is Resident Dean Phil 
Kirchner. Kirchner, and his wife 
Karen, come to Revelle from the 
University of Vermont, where he 
held the position of Assistant 
Director of Living-learning 
Residence Halls. The Kirchners 
are living on campus at Blake Hall. 

Newly fonned this year is the 
Revelle Community Center , Its 
scope includes peer counseling, 
infonnation dispensing, and in-
vestigation of problems concerning 
Revelle students, Many projects 
are also being initiated through the 
Center. 

One project continued over from 
last year is the Curriculum 
Evaluation, This is a systematic 
review of the courses and 
requirements at Revelle College. 
The Curriculum Evaluation 
Committee is composed equally of 
students and faculty. 

A Commuter-Resident Matching 
Program was installed at Revelle 
during the summer orientation 
sessions. The program involves 
matching compatible residents 
with commuters . Students wishing 
to participate signed up at 
orientation, but Assistant College 
Dean Mary Dhooge adds that, 
" more residents are still needed." 

The '· newest thing on campus" is 
the commuter computer carpool. 
Commuters can find , via com-
puter, other commuters in his 
residential a rea, making it easier 
for Revelle commuters to arrange 
carpools, 

Another projE!ct in the offing will 
be the sponsoring of lectures 
and discussions on the moral , 
historical and social aspects of the 
Manhattan Project. The 
Manhattan Project was the name 
associated with the Atom Bomb 
Project. Student interest has been 
voiced about the project, which 
included several UC San Diego 
faculty members, 

Proving to be a success last year, 
the Blurb, will be published 
monthly again this year , The Blurh, 
the Revelle College Newsletter, 
contains annou ncements im-
portant to Revelle students and 
information highlighting school 
activities. 

Iree 

For students interested in at-
tending graduate school there will 
be an open meeting in the 
Humanities Library Auditoriwn 
next Monday at 7 pm. The meeting 
will feature how to prepare for 
graduate school and how to finance 
it. Other meetings are scheduled 
for specific graduate study areas. 
On November 11 , lIealth Sciences, 
November 17, Law and November 
la,Business. 

The Intern Program is operating 

- A CLAR IFICATION -
MUIR BIOLOGY GRADUATION 

REQUIREMENTS 

The M uir B iology program 
requires students to toke courses in 
certain designated oreos without 
preScribing a parti cula r course 
(e.g . populotion biology , 
organismic biology , etc.). Some of 
Ihese requirements can be fulfilled 
With lower division courses . In 
portlculor "organismic biology" 
con be sotisfied with Bio. 10 and 
11, and the "mothemot icol ap· 
proach to bio logy" con be satisfied 
With Math 80A and 8OB. Students 
who choose these particular op -
tions must still toke 12 upper 
diVision bio logy courses in order to 
graduate . In other words, Bi o. 10 
and 11 sotisfy the requ irement fo r 
organismic b iology, but do NOT 
coun l as on upper division course. 
Moth BOA and B satisfy the 
requirement for the mathematical 
approach to biology, but do NOT 
count as on upper division course, 

again this year, ReveUe Interns 
are lIelen Cook, Wally Reiher, 
Susan BeMett and Uoyd Thacker, 
The lnterns, along with student 
volunteers are helping to staff the 
Revelle Communtiy Center. 

General and volunteer in · 
formation concerning any projects 
and committees can be obtained 
through the Community Center 
and at the Blake Conference Room, 
Tuesdays between 11 and 12 pm. 

Registrot ion packets for wint er 
quarter, 1976 w ill be sent to 
continuing students on Oclober 29. 
Pockets wdl be moiled to the loca l 
address. Students who do not 
receive their pockets by November 
3 should come to the Registrar ond 
Admissions Office, MC 101 . 

The W inter Schedule of Classes w d I 
be available Tuesdoy, N ovember 
4 . Students can p ick up a copy 01 
the Bookstore or the Sundry Store 
for 15 cenls. 

Reg lst rall on cords will be 
processed dUring the week of 
Nove mber 10 through November 
14. Students may lurn in the ir 
com pleted preferred progra m 
cords before the designated dole 
for their level , but their cords w ill 
nOl be processed unlil that dote . 
Cords filed after 4:30 Friday, 
November 14 will be subject to a 
$10 latefllIOg fee. 

~ 
.;,./ ' ... / 

_ - A r'" 
" 

. ., - ' -0 
__ \ ;.J 

The Hair Garden 
McKellar Plaza 

1250 Prospect St., La Jolla 454-5277 
Organic Products Natural Styling 

JOB INTER VIEWS 
GRADUATE SCHOOL VISITS 

November 10 - 14 

10 Litton Data Systems (a; math, cs, eng). 
11 Procter & Gamble (a ; chern, life sci). 
12 American Graduate School of Inter-

national Management (d). 
13 Harvard Schl of Business Admin (d). L 

Paralegal Institute (a). r 
14 U. S. Marine Corps (d). 

Northwestern Schl of Law (d: 1: 30 - 4) . 
Sign-up. and more information at Career Planning. 41Z 
MC. Key: a = appointment. required; d = drop-in. 

1 Career interviews and meeting. are part of Career 
Planning 8. PI.cement'. overall eHort to make lnforma- , 
t ion and opportunities .vaHable {rom a variety of ca-
reer fields. Other CP&P .ervice. can help you explore 
career consequence. of your major and intere.ta; learn 
how to job plan and hunt ; and examine educational plan •• 

AGAINST OUR WIlL: MEN, WOMEN AND RAPE 
B \' Susan BrowomJller 

imon and Schuster, '11.95, 472 pp. 
Men can rape women, but women cannot rape men. A quick twist and 

men got: " It is OK for men to rape women ." Twist again, and it became: 
·'Women want to be raped." A neat piece of logic for men. For women, it 
has meant injury, hwniliation, guilt, disease, divorce mental illness 
fea r and in some cases death (when the rapist took viol~nce to its logicai 
conclusion) , 

To those of us who spend our days in offices where men wear ties and 
open doors for the " ladies," Ms. Brownmiller's facts are particularly 
chilling, almost unbelievable: 

-Rape of Vietnamese women by American soldiers was sanctioned by 
their O(ficers and was " just part of the everyday routine," as one soldier 
put it. 

- Eldridge Cleaver, who systematically became a rapist to avenge 
himself on white men (that's right, men ), said, " It delighted me .. .. " 

-An estimated 25,000 women in Bangladesh became pregnant (hun-
dreds more were Simply raped) following the war there , 

Brownrniller , in this exhaustive examination of rape throughout 
history to the present, summarizes : " Rape is nothing more or less than a 
conscious process of intimidation by which all men keep all women in a 
state offear." 

Since the earliest days of civilization, men have viewed women as 
" property," she says. The deflowering of one's betrothed was primarily a 
cri me not against the woman (who was often ostracized or killed ) but 
against her father and fiance (who, of course, would not accept tainted 
goods). This notion is still alive today (If only subconsciously) and reports 
of men who break engagements or divorce their wives following rape are 
not uncommon. 

Brown(flillel goes against established liberal tradition (with which 
she sympathized before her investigation ) by calling for a ban on por-
nography, on the grounds that it perpetuates the machismo, superman 
image of the rapist and the gullible, willing image of the woman. She says 
that until women hold fifty percent of all law enforcement and lellal 
pos itions, men will continue to deny women dignified, due process of ra w 
when rape is committed, She also says penalties for rape must be made 
more realistic (I.e, less .severe) before the majority of rapists are con-
victed. 

The book is expertly written, readable yet deadly serious at the same 
time. The research behind it is nothing less than staggering. Occasionally 
she seems to get carried away with her indictments: The women in the 
famous artistic renderings of the " Rape of the Sabine Women" did not 
· 'look like they were having a good time," as she states. And at least one 
of her arguments lacks consistency: She relates numerous examples of 
vicious assa.ults upo~ women who ignored warnings not to resist rape 

( ~hiefly durmg war tunes), yet says there is no evidence that passivity 
Will prevent further injury. 

But these are minor objections. The book needed to be written years 
ago: It IS a relIef that it has been written now. 

Song Cycle Festival ' 
The UCSD M.usic Department will present the first of a three part 

Song Cycle festival by faculty member John Large tonight at a p m in 
the Mandeville Recital Hall. . 

Song Cycles by Beethoven, Brahms, Schumann and Wolf based on 
poems by J eitteles, Ruckert, Heine and Goethe will be preserrted. 

The concert is free and open to the public. 

",0." ,755 . "72 

Restaurant and Saloon 
6737 La Jolla Blvd. La Jolla 

459-3633 

Lunch : Mon. thru Friday 11 :30 a.m, -2 :30 
Dinner: Sun . thru Thurl . 5 p,m,· 10 p,,yL, 

Fri .-Sat. 5 p,m,· 11 p,m. 
Sunday Champagne Brunch : 10 l.m.-2 p_m, 

Happv Hours : Mon .· Fr! . 4 p ,m.·6 p.m , 
Chris Creasman on guitor 

• rI.OII.'o.'S 
W-O-M-A-N 

, Muldaur Struts a Special Voice 
by Tim Mac'Kenzie 

Maria Muldaur gave a f~ne 
performance in the gym Saturday 
night demonstrating her talent and 
versatility as a singer. She a~ 
peared to be comfortable with a ll 
of the types of music she per-
formed, be it country, rock, gospel, 
or blues. Indeed, her unusual voice 
seemed suited to all of them, 

Mulda ur first attained' notoriety 
with her hit single " Midnight At 
The Oasis," which she perfonned 
early in her set. It appears that she 
is trying to downplay the im-
portance of this song in favor of her 
newer material, which is quite 
understandable. The material on 
her follow-up albwn " Waitress In 
A Donut Shop" provides a much -
better view of Muldaur's talent. 

PageS 

A very important factor in her 
concert Saturday night was the 
overall excellence of her band, 
which was able to adjust to 
Muldaur 's ever changing musical 
moods, The six member group 
included two guitarists, a bassist, a 
pianist, a drummer and a harmony 
vocalist. Particularly effective 
were the country electric guitar 
solos and some fine harmonizing 
by Muldaur and the band 
(especia Ily on the gospel num-
bers ). 

Maria Mauldaur accepts bouquet of roses from admirer at 
Saturday concert (TT photo: Charles Eu) 

Benefit to Featu re 
Classical Stars 

Muldaur ended her set with her 
new anthem " I'm a Woman, W-O-
M-A-N," which she belatedly 
dedicated to .Alice Doesn't Day, 
" Woman" is definitefy among the 
finest selections Muldaur has 
recorded and provided a dynamic 
ending to an excellent concert, 
though the concert should have 
been longer. 

She came back for a gospel 
encore with three members of the 
band, including the pianist who 
possessed a very fine, powerful 
voice. Mter the encore, Muldaur 
left the stage quickly, leaving 
UCSD with the memories of its 
second great concert in the past 
two "eeks. 

Preceding Maria Muldaur 
Saturday night was Danny 
O'Keefe, who proved to be a 
surprisingly good opening act. 
Sitting on his stool, guitar in harid, 
O'Keefe impressed the audience 
with his sense of humor and down 
to earth music. 

by Daniel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

Two prominent musicians 
violinist Rafael Druian. and pianist 
Isle von Alpenheim wjll perform a 
Sonata Recital Saturday, Nov. 8, at 
a p.m. in the Mandeville 
A~ditorium. The same program 
Will also be presented in the 
Library of Congress, Washington, 
DC la ter this year. 

The program includes Mozart's 
"Sonata in B-flat Major for Violin 
and Piano," Bartok's " Sonata No. 
2", and Franck's " Sonata in A 
Major." 

Druian 's past performances of 
Mozart, olle of his favorite com-
posers (see Triton Times in-
terview, May 7, 1975 ) have been 
described by Paul HUrne of the 
Washington Post as "startling, as 
well as dazzling_" The Washington 
Star has called von Alpenheim "a 
pianist to whom Mozart's music is 
evidently an open book. ,. 

Both musicians began their 
careers as child prodigies, After 25 
years of being this country's most 

Presented by B. A. R. 

distingui shed concertmaster 
Druian has embarked on a caree; 
as concert artist and as a faculty 
member at UCSD, 

Proceeds [rom the concert will 
be applied to scholarShips for 
gifted young musicians, Tickets 
are available at the box office. 

lise von Alpenheim 

" Course conducted by the foremost test developers in the nation! 
• Our ~ethod gives you a SPECIFIC TECHNIQUE for EACH SECTION of the LSAT. .. 

you WIll meet the LSAT on its own terms! 
• Course includes PRACTICE LSAT, for utilizing techniques given to you .. , 
• Eac~ s tudent receives INDIVIDUAL PROFILE of strengths and weaknesst!s for each 

section , .. 
• We're testing specialists: we're fast; we're efficient. .. and best of all vU. III (jlvJ wli i 

MAXIMIZE YOUR SCORE on the LSAT. ' 

When 
and 

Where 

TUITION $40.00 ENROLL NOWI 
Sunday, November 23rd For more Info., 
Unlv. of San Diego please call us at 
Law School - Room 2A (714) 239-4443 
San Diego 

, . J 



J 

Pale' f rtfo .... nl(~ Wednesday, November 5, 1975 
SBPC Suspends Neil Moran UCSB Dally NeltUI, laid he believed the strong division of 

opinion among SBPC members 
over the case saved him from 
permanent expulsion. 

External Affain Co-4IIordinator 
Marco U Mandrl allMlUlOld his 
resignation from that poll, which 
included SBPC membership. In 
explanation Li Mandrl cited the 
handling of the Moran case, among 
other factors . 

The Student B~ President's 
Council has fina ken action in 
the Nell Moran ca 

At their Octo~r meeting in 
Berkeley, the SBPC suspended the 
UC Santa Barbara External 
President for two months, 
retroactive to September 12, with a 
letter of censure sent ro the 
ASU~B Legislative Council. 

Moran will be eligible to vote at 
the November SBPC meeting. 

The charges against Moran were 
not specified; however, Moran has 
admitted to several election 
violations during UCSB's 
Associated Student elections last 
spring . 

Controversial 
The Moran case was con-

troversial because a sizeable 
segment of the SBPC felt that it 
was a local campus matter, to be 
handled by the ASUCSB. 
• Last year, in a similar case, 
SBPC decided that a dispute in-
volving a UC Berkeley 
representative should be handled 
by that campus. 

Moran, in an interView with the 

This division was evidenced at 
the SBPC meeting Oct. 10 at UC 
San Diego when they voted eight to 
six in favor of expelling Moran. A 
tw()othirds majority was necessary 
to expel him. 

At the Student Cooperative ' 
meeting Oct. 13 , Statewide 

Moran also told the Nexus that 
he was "glad it's finished." As he 
has in the past, Moran also said 
that the entire case should have 
been decided by the the U~B 
campus. 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
" ."7 . 

housiNG 
L,ve at Ihe BEACH where II's cool and Quiel 
Lg 2 BR lurn ap t. overtool<ing Moonlite 
Beach in Encinitas. Ideal lor 3 SludenlS' $75 
per mo. each. Coast Cruiser Serv,ce. 44 I 
Fourth St Encinilas or call 223·9866 753· 
1792 P1 17) 

Clean Furnished two bedroom apl . on 
Bays,de 01 488 M ission Beach 1962 
w i park,ng 5220 month . (11 15) 

L,ve al Rancho La Costa. brd nu 3·bdr condo 
inC Jaculli 2 pool . sauna. firepl. wetbar. 
trashmasiler, dlshwashet' Near coast crus 
but rmmates have cars Own rm & bath Sl25' 
mo all ull. paid Call Gary. 438·1818 . J,m. 
272· 5908 (1115) 

HQUSEMATE WANTED Coupte Okay P B 
Near Beach . prel Grad or Senous SludenlS. 
Call RON 273-11668 I t 1/5) 

Wanted to renl lor ONE MONTH 2 bedroom 
apartment lor French SCientist. Wife and two 
Children. Amving San Diego on January 20 . 
t 976 and Leav,ng 20 February 1976 Phone 
Ted Duffield 453·2820 ext 300 PI /5) 

NEED Roommale M or F. share 3 Bdrm Hse 
P B . 4 Blocks to beach. 291 ·9530. Kns 
)1 I 15) 

Wanled 2 Females t8· 21 10 share hous,ng 
w,lh 2 males at end 01 Quarter near UCSD. 
444·7241 tl I /7) 

SALE Turquoise Jewelery WHOtESALE 
PRICES' Also cuslom lewelery 10 order Call 
453-5671 Ask lor Fred. (illS) 

Calculato rs. HP21 ·$95. HP22·$155. HP25· 
5182. SR50A·591 . SR5IA·$135 Five oay 
delivery All models new. carry lull year 
guarantee. and Include all standard ac-
oessor,es. Send check or COD request Ilor 
COD adO $2) plus6 % tax to CheapCalculalor 
Company. 636 Fourlh SI .. Dav i s. CA 95616 
If nOI sallslleO . return wilhin \5 days lor lull 
refund . I I I 110) 

1974 Suzuki TS250. low miles. excelient 
cond ,l,on $750 C811459-5485 (1 I /5) 

HOUSE 4 BRM 2 BA FIX UP SAVE 
THOUSANDS . WALK UC SECLUDED LOT. 
NEW CARPET PAINT. 69M 213-478·1182 
OWNEf1 pl/14) 

'66 Rambler 660 Wagon. I Owner. lOIS tic. 
eKe' lnt mechanically . Needs seat covers . 
reliable. $475 . 274·2790. i1 I /7) 

Surlboard lor sale 6'6" Summer Shape. 
Swallow Tall. Custom Air-brUSh F lne-cOnd. 
$60 452·9317 B",nie. II I 15) 

PAUL SIMON IN CONCERT'! Sanla Monica 
C,v'c Nov 20 & 21 Best seals . 27().7855 
)1 I 151 

64 Ford Galaxie 500 . excellont condillon 
Only 61.000 m l. 5450. 453-5259 )1 I 15) 

68 Chevelle. Cragar . Accel. Doug Thorley 
S1000 or Irade lor 68 or 69 Chevelle SS 
w /4Spd Rod 444·7241 i1 I /7) 

Phase L,near 700 w Icase and Ian 5500. 60SE 
901 Slype 25400. JBL Cenlury's $400 . ESP·9 
Headphones 590 Concord Casself ewlDolby 
575 453·9321 II I 17) 

The All -Cal W inter Carnival Snowmass at 
Aspen. Dec 13·20. $161 Tickets on sale at 
l he Siudent Cenler i1 1/5) 

66 Ponliac Tempes l lor sale. New battery 
and trans. S500 Al so 64 VW. runs wetl . 
$550 Call 453·8625. Hank (I I 17) 

WANTEd 

Need ex tra cash' Payi ng lOp dollar lor your 
U S Sliver COinS minted before 1960. Ken 
453-7924 II I /261 

Wanted . Mature male. ded icated to being 
open-minded. logical . emotionally sensitive. 
Barbara 755· 9041 . (I I IS) 

Expe"enceO tYPist needed to work nighl s 
MuSI be accurale . Calf 436-3747. 

Wanted attractive gir lS . Immedia te money, 
part lime modeling . 18-30. bikini ligure. 
Holel and boat photo brochure · celebnly 
tennis - billboards No experience 
necessary Call Barbara or Sam 454-5021 
(1 I /5) 

TItE BARE NAVEL 
I 

JEWELRY • 

PANT 
SUiTS 

LEATItER 

AiR BRush 
T-ShiRTS ) 
JEANS 4:0ATS 

STUDENT DISCOUNT WI AD 
Carolyn M life 
Manager 
7555655 

1 ~O/o 
Lp.mon Tree Corner 

Camino Del Mar 
10-5 30 Tues · Sun 

WANTED Revelle sludenl 10 partlcipale ,n 
c hallenging science experiment in Urev Hall 
basement Irom I 1 30 pm· 12'30 a m 
W,llIng 10 pay any amount. (11 15) 

Honkylonk plano player neeOed 10 replace 
hideous mlOorchord - plaVlng Witch dUring 
Ihe noonhour in Muor. (11 /5) 

EMPLOYMENT INTERVIEWS 
FOGGY'S NOTION 

3655 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 
BARTENDERS. WAITRESSES 

COOKS DOORMEN 
· PARTTIME· 

SATURDAY ·NOVEMBER 8 
lOA M ·5P M. {II 17) 

. 

SERVICES 
WorkshoPS TBA In old master preparations & 
technIQues. DraWing pastel. oils. 51111 lite & 
IIle B ,11436·0709 il I /5) 

People mOIlers MOVing adVice and 
ass,Slance Very reasonable Cali Jeff 272· 
3078 (1 I /26) 

THE WOOD DOVE·A gourmet Nalural Foods 
Restaurant . recently opened In Solana 
Beach . 150 Acac,a INext to Anolhe, Bird) 
Open 11·11 D,nner Irom 5· 10. Special offer 
Fru,l Smoothle 45 oents. Oc t. 15·Nov 15 
Tel 755-5810 

Do you really feel Ioke silling up 10nighi 10 
get that paper Iyped that was duelasl week? 
LeI me do II . cal l Sher 279· 1418 Cla iremonl 
(1 1126) 

Coliegoale research a,ds· thousands on Iole. 
Send S1 for your 160 page mali order calalog 
Research Asslslance. 11322 Idaho Ave N206 
Los AngelesCA90025 213-477·8474 (1I19) 

FLUTE LESSONS·Classical ins lruct,on by 
experienced flutist With Eur & Amer 
tralnlOg Advanced students as well as 
beginners wel come . Develop tone . 
lechnlque. 8 mUSICallnlerpretatlon. Leonard 
Fen l on·452·9206 1' 1 i1) 

Model ing Portfollo·s . If you' re Interested in 
modeling and need one. Call 452·04tO · ask 
lor Dav,d Barga,n 111/10) 

Snow Ski Club meellng Thurs. Nov. 6 8 :00 
pm Rec Gym Coni Room. Relreshmenls. 
The new K2 111m Dues 11 I 15) 

Chrlsllan SCience Campus Couns~ors Office 
hours 1·3 pm Friday. Nov 71h. Bldg 507 
Matthews Campus Relig'ous Affairs Olflce. 
Anne Hofflund 278·5190. Paul Hofflund 279-
2801 Home 453·5217 . (" 15) 

Typing forAdul15 and Children 
We can leach louch·IYPlng 10 seven· year· 

olds and up . The new "Cover-Guide" 
Program now enables young children as well 
as adulls 10 enjoy Ihe many benef'lS o f being 

ble to touch· type rapidly and accuralely 
IndiVidualized instruction is offered In small 
private classes. Brush up courses also 
available For Inlormatlon. please call ' 454· 
7167 Training Research Corp .. 7440 Girard. 
La Jolia (11 / 4) 

HATHA YOGA Classes. 6 wk Intro course 
512 BeginS Tues. Nov. II 7·8.30 pm . Wed 
Nov 12930-11 am. InlermeO,ale classes sa 
per monlh. Thurs Nov 6 or Fri Nov. 7930-1 I 
am FREE Inlro class WeO Nov 5930·11 
Hm For Regns. calf 275· 1839 Sandra Jen· 
nm9' (oe rl,I,ed by Indra Dev,) . (1 1 / 71 

Benn,es Back 
Ha"cut s $5 by a Proless,onal. Nov 8. 9. 10 
Ca~ Jean 452·1565. (1 I 17) 

Tune ups. brakes. minor repair Good work . 
low price M,ke488·(Jj73 (11/14) 

Too much estrogen In your bloodstream? We 
can make hundreds of robot babl8s together 
K Troul (1 I 17) 

InVitatIons to exclUSive party sllil available. 
Ca ll 452·8268 . limiteO offer 1'117) 

Typ,ng • Man lyn woulO I'ke 10 type your 
paper. theSIS. book. She IS experienced. 
lasl . reasonable. and has a Correcting IBM. 
Please call her at 565·7060. II I 15) 

Maybe lecture notes aren't lor you. but if 
vourre IIred of spending so much time 
cramming. maybe Ihey are for you. Sold M· 
Th I 100.1 00 Revel le Ouad Get all back 
'ssues (1 I 117) 

The Bare Navel w,lf let you select a Iree pair 
of Nature s own earrings with a purchase of 
$12 or more. One 10 customer. offer ends 
Nov 9 1049 Camino Del Mar 755-5655. 
"1 17) 

Explore old master drawing 3 painting . 
Learn how to prepare your own surfaces & 
pamls Bill 436-0709. (1 I 124) 

Are you adopted? Seeking natural parents? 
232·6510 or P 0 33272 SO 921 03 (1/7) 

Europe . Israel. Orienl. NY . TGA low,cos l 
fI'ghts A,st 1436 S. LaClenega BI. L.A 
90035 714 ·544·9313 or 213-652·2727. 
II I /261 

SSW Travel Off,ce. UCSD Internal ,onal 
Cenler. X MAS NY Charter $209 . Mazalzan 
cam p,ng S139: Cenl. Amenca 3 weeks 
$.479 Inl'l Studenl 10. Summer ·Europe 
Charlers . 452·0630. 11 am • 4 pm. Mon 
Wed. Fn only I I I 126) 

Sk, Aila . Snow Bird. g Park Cuy Nov 26·Dec 
I w,lh UCSD Sk, Club. 9995 .ignup now 
Room 20 Rec Gym. (11 /51 

LOSt one Cross Pen w JIOlllals SWP. Lost In 
HL / AUD 10123. If lound please call 453-5838 
0, 453·7450 (1 1 17) 

LOSt 1 blue ski glove In or around Argo Call 
Peler 755·0964 Eves I I I 151 

F Qund - Moolum-siled brown fema~ dog in 
MUir park,ng 101 No collar or lags 452·2992 
or 454·5607 (I I /5) 

Found reO wallel by MUir Courls. Oct 26lh 
Call e,1 3889 PI /5) 

Losl pair of glasses tn a brown case With 
name tag If lound cali Cameron 459·9065 
III /51 

Lost Sel of keys Wllh 1 apt key and 50lher 
keys. sometmle Sun. 11-2. poS51~Y on 
lenn, s cis or sand cIs Contacl Geol! 453· 
8863 (1 I 15) 

Found : Blue & grn clolh glasses case w lslvr 
Irame glasses inSide by AP g M g BB. 4 .30 
Mon . See Campus Police. I" /5) 

To John who lound my sox . THANKS · I'm 
forever Indebted to you 

Allyson In F42 (1 I 15) 

ru'l.i.v"-ui.ty of Cafifotnia, ~'an 'Di£.go 
Cam{:HU 5J wgw.m :i3oQ. ... d 

p t£.~£.nh 
FRidAY NiGln 

Alice 
• In 

Wonderland 
USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 $1 

SATURdAY FilM 
Such a Goraeous Kid Like Me 

Mississippi Mermaid 
U.s.B. 2722 7:30 & 9:15 $1 

WedaelClay, November 5,1975 
: 

f r.foll f. OM'S Pag 7 

offENSiVE Triton Poloists Edged Out by CSLA, 7-6 
by Scott Sadil 

Out from Under the Influence 
Traditionally, news coverage of sports has been carried out almost 
e~c1~ively by men. ~ving only men writing and speaking about the 
hiS'rorlcally male-dolTllnated world of athletics seemed to be if not 
completely justified,.at least a reasonable rationalization. However, with 
the rec~nt substant!al developments of female athletic programs on 
profeSSional, collegiate, and generally all societal levels I have to 
question continued all-male sports journalism. ' 

M~n writ~g about women's sports often pay close attention to the 
phYSICa l attributes of ~ ~ontest 's participants while disregarding details 
of the actual competition, because they consider it to be of a com-
paritively low level. Fortunately, some of us sports reporters have been 
able to transcend this level of chauvinism, and try to concern ourselves 
with the more relevant facts of every male or female athletic event. 

(G ranted, I personally do enjoy looking at the physical endowments of 
a healthy female athlete, but then again, I also enjoy a close view of a 

bare-c~ested Mu~ammed Ali . I ho~ it is simply my appreciation for any 
athlete s anatomICal beauty, but, In both cases, my close scrutiny is 
probably for more perverse reasons.) 

Yet can any male, however liberated, accurately write about women's 
sports? Does he really know everything that is going on when females 
compete? 

For example, I can state that the UC San Diego women's swim team 
placed third in the " B" division of the Southern California Women's 
Jntercollegia~ Conference relays held at UCLA last Saturday. I was 
the re. I saw It happen. I can say that this fine showing against eleven 
Southland schools was led by a second-place finish by the Tritons 200 yard 
freestyle relay team anchored by Pam Kershner. I can also affirm too 
that third place finishes in the 100 and 200 yard medley, and 100 ~ard 
breaststroke, relays showed UCSD's well rounded strengths. I will even 
go so far as t~ report that Kathy Lynch, Pam Hurley, and Lora Dickerhoff 
each turned I~ two strong performances in their respective relays, and 
tha t Coach Dl8na Dann was "extremely pleased with the way the girls 
swam." 

But is that enough? 
For a purely informational report, it probably is . It relates a basic 

understanding of the sporting event in a readable manner , the necessary 
Ingredients of any sports report. (And one of the reasons often used to 
exclu~e women from sports reporting ). But as to the deeper charac-
tel'lstlcs of the UCSD swirruners, and of the entire meet on emotional 
motivational , and maybe even purely physical levels, that I might, as ~ 
male, be unable to describe in making a closer analysis of the event. 

Of course much of what underlies athletic competition is common to all 
of it.s domains. Desire for individual excellence , physica l fitness, and 
straightforward competition might be some of these common un-
derpinnings. ~ut when I saw some athletes from opposing teams greeting 
one another With full embrace and giving advice on techniques before the 

mee~ began. and was at an event where there was only one male coach or 
ofhclal, I wondered if possibly a sports-involved female might be able to 
more accurately describe this, or any other woman's athletic event. 

J hope though, that there is still a place for me to cover some women's 
spo rts. Especially swimming. There's something about the skin-tight 
swimsuits those gi rls wear ... 

by Bob Steiner 
Staff Writer 

Playing one of their better 
games of the season, the UC San 
Diego water poloists lost a tough 
game to Cal State LA, 7-6 here 
Saturday afternoon before a few 
scattered spectators. 

With both teams entangled in a 
furious confrontation, Jeff Koniges 
managed to elude his defender and 
fired in the first goal for the 
Tritons. Teammate and high 
scorer Rick Lantz followed suit 
just minutes later by hurtling in a 
goa] of his own and the £irst 
quarter ended 2-1 in favor ofUCSD. 

Suffering setbacks caused by an 
enormous amount of' player 
evictions and fouls, UCSD failed to 
attain either an effective offense or 
defense in the second quarter and 
the half ended with CSULA leading 
4-2. 

~lasting out of halftime, the 
Trrtons attacked their opponents 
goal with an aggressive offense 
a~d fired in two quick goals, one by 
RIck Lantz and another by Dave 
Harry. Despite saves by goa lie Bob 

A~i , ~he CSULA team managed to 
slip In a goal and retained their 
lead 5-4 at the conclusion of the 
third quarter. 

Unable to produce an efficient 
defense, the Tritons faltered as 
CSULA scored two successive 
goals in what seemed to be the end 
of a grueling game. Rick Lantz, 
however, turned the game around 
as the Tritons got their second 
wind and scored a goal. Dave 
Harry scored again and the score 
brought the Tritons within one 
point of tying heavily rated Cal 
State LA. 

Time ran out before the Tritons 
could convert a last minute of-
fensive attack into a goal and the 
game ended 7-6 in favor of Cal 
State LA. 

Remarked Becky Birdsall, a 
spectator and visitor from Ventura 
County, "No wonder this team 
never seems to win. We had more 
spectators at a girls' junior high 
school basketball game. Who 
wants to win when there is no one 
to wi n for?" 

Parklane is the "source" 
for 

Danskin Leotards 
and Tights 

Danskins are for everywhere and everyone. 
For partying and playing, exercising and 

dancing, and for just plain wearing around. 

Made of 100% easy care nylon. 
Available in a rainbow of colors and 

a multitude of stvles 
at these Park lane Stores. 

MISSION VALLEY 
CENTER' 

park-lane 
NO.JaIlT 

. 
• • I~ •• , , •••• I •• I •••••••••••• • •••• I ••••••••••• 

Triton water poloist Corky Hull fires a shot ot the Cal State LA 
goal. Hu" ond teammates are downed , 7 -6. (TT photo : Nathan 
Meyers) 

Yamanaka Wins First 
Sports Trivia Quiz 

" I have never been so over-
whelmed in my Life," Muir junior 
Rene Yamanaka said without the 
slightest note of sarcasm. " I've 
always wanted to win a trivia 
quiz. " Yamanaka won the first 
quarterly Triton Times Sports 
Quiz last week, answering 14 of 15 
ques.tions correctly. Yamanaka , 
an mtramural veteran of the 
Renobs, Underwater Cheapshots 
and Riviera Yacht Club, took 
home the two Sails tickets, with 
Lee Johnson and Sue Flanagan 
flntshed second and third in the 
quiz results. 

Rene Yamanaka (TI Photo: 
Nathon Meyers) 

IT'S TIME THINK ABOUT 
TOMORROW 

School won't last forever. Before you know it-
graduation. You'll be out of the shell and starting off 
on your professional or business career. 

Often, irisn't easy. Always, it costs money. 
And there 's nothing like a little nest-egg to help 

you over the early humps. 
T~at's why - right now - you should be saving 

at friendly La Jolla federal. We pay the highest interest 
al.lowed by law - thus assuring that your money 
Will grow at a surprisingly fast clip_ 

Your account's insured to $20,000. And your 
money's available immediately in case of suddeo need 
Start saving for tomorrow - today. At friendly, . 
dependable La Jolla Federal. 

We'll help you save for a sunny day. 

Ia ~ fecterd 1100 WAll STREET ~ AND LOAH~'OON LA .lOt t A 
OIlIer olfic,s II 3495 Sports AreNt 1I¥d.., SIn Dlteo, 
29631871 NC""PO RDId, SPline. VI'Ie" 706 Soul .. lIIin Slr"t. FI'IIIfooII f1IClSllt A ... , Clr~iIf·b'·t.....s.1 ' 

•• f' 'I' 



e. • • 
and memorv functions similar to those now per-

transistors. 
Their system C) ists of a laser beam bouncing between delicately 

adjusted mirrors atler passing through an enclosed medium of sodium 
vapor whose energy state could be altered to affect the information 
transmitted by the laser beam. . 

Though their optical transitor is presently bulky, the Bell Lab scientists 
believe that they could eventually miniaturize it. 

It is held that if such miniaturization is achieved, optical transitors 
would revolutionize present day circuitry by doing away with the need for 
external wires and electronic components and greatly improving the 
!nf0rmation-carrying capacity of a system. 

Exposure 
Are you Jewishl Find out where it's at 

AT CHABAD HOUSE 
Services, Shabbos meal, discussions 

There is no question that can't be answered. 
Every Friday at 6:45 p.m. 

611 Montezuma Rd. 

weslem 
Slate 
un·versilY 
co lege 
01 aw 
01 san diegO 

Is now accepting men and 
women who have a 
minimum of Two Years of 
Acceptable College Credits 
(60 units). 

286-4747 

Provisional Accredi-
tation granted by the 
California Committee of 
Bar Examiners. 
The J.D. or LL.B. degree 
can be earned in 2th -3 
years of full-time law 
study (15-16 classroom 
hours per week), or in 
3
'
12 -4 years of part-time 

attendance (3 classes 
per week; 3-4 hours per 
class). 
Graduates are eligible to 
take the California State 
Bar Examination. 

Call or Write Today for m<?re Information or Catalog. 
The Western State University Buildtng 
1333 Front Street, San Diego, 921 0 1 

(714) 232-6506 

~ JANUARY 19th CLASSES e 
ENROLL NOW FOR 

, ·:.1 .. (Both Day and EveOln~ Ciasses) \ \ 

. Engineers: 
Find out about 

the uclear Navy. 
If you u- ink you have the abi I ity and desire to 
master nuclear engineering, the Navy's Nuclear 

Propul~ ion Program has openings for about 
200 ou' SlClIIIJ it II:( cOllege gr riuates. There's a 
Navy R, ~c ru iting Officer ready to give you all the 
details I n how you can become someone spec ial 
in the rew Navy. 

NAVY OFF ICER INFORMATION TEAM 
AT THE PLACEMENT CENTER 

NOVEMBER 6 & 7 
lO:OOam to 2:00pm 

Silnon .•. 
our culture: a tangible means of 
exchange for them. 

If we could for one honest 
moment unveil the "mirror", take 
off the "disguise", be brain-
oriented and not brain-washed, 
child-like-Self-Loving and not 
compensatingly Self-centered, and 
LOOK for that which is our Birth-
right, our Joy in one another's 
Heart, wherein we've made refuse, 
instead of Peace, because "the 
beast" says "take!" 

If we could, in our Minds' Eye, 
sift Truth from lie, and ACT on the 
balance to revolutionize our 
cultural foundation, lIubstituting a 
Spiritually structured basis of 
social interaction for our 
primitive, progressively 
dehumanizing, ritualistic priority 
of corporeity, then the undying 
dream of lasting humanitarian 
"Peace On Earth" would become 
an accomplished reality. The 
fullfilment of every individual's 
singular desire to uninhibitedly 
pursue the unlimited meaning of 
their uniqueness in Giving .. .is only 
a question of latent, suppressed 
instinct and mass-incentive. 

We each possess the Answer, 
inherently, but we unknowingly 
refuse its criterion of discovery 
through Self-awareness because its 
safer to not know how much we 
have to offer and how much of that 
is being stolen by what we are 
environmentally conditioned to 
fa lsely believe and accept. This is 
the game of "Simon-8ays! " , a very 
dangerous common quality of 
human lives los t in apathy and 
selling their Souls to be " winner". 

Ego. • • 
there is no mutual respect, this 
emotional aspect suffers. When 
you behave self-deprecatingly, 
your exuality suffers, and some 
men find this unattractive. 

There are men on this campus 
who do not seek out your company 
because they see you as " dogs. " 
There are other men on this 
campus who do not seek out your 
company because they see you as 
brainwashed, plastic, and unaware 
of your own potential. Now whose 
opinion do you respect? 

What standards are worth living 
up to? 

Graduate Scbolarsbips 
The State Scholarship and Loan 

Commission has announced the 
opening of competition for the 1976-
77 state graduate fellowship 
program. 

The program provides up to full 
tuition and fees at any graduate or 
professional school in California 
that· is accredited by the Western 
Association of Schools and 
Colleges. 

There will be about 200 
fellowships offered. Deadline for 
applications is Dec. 15. 

Nutrition LectlD"e 
Julia Woersching, Chief 

Nutritionist at UC San Diego's 
University Hospital and lecturer 
on diet and nutrition, will speak 
here on good nutritional practices, 
and health in general. 

Attendance is open, and 
questions concerning diet and 
exercise will be entertained. 

The lecture will take place on 
Wednesday at 5 pm, in room 1110 of 
the psychology and linguistics 
building. 

Dlal-a-Fact 
The County of San Diego has 

instituted a new telephone in-
formation service to acquant San 
Diego residents with facts about 

..... '.NevIlDllerI.1t75 

local government. 
Dial-a-Fact provides in-

formation on 30 different subjects 
in both Spanish and English from 
an extensive pre-recorded tape 
information library. 

Procedures, such as how to apply 
for a county job or how to have a 
pet licensed, are outlined along 
with general information on county 
goverrunent and taxes. 

For the San Diego City residents 
the number to call for Dial-a-Fact 
is 292-1102. For north county, call 
436-1102. 

Further information is available 
from the County Public in-
formation service. 

Ecology Center 
Operating as an environmental 

information center for seven 
months, the' North County Ecology 
Center is in the danger of closing 
down because of federal funding 
cutbacks. 

The center promotes and assists 
recycling programs for solid waste 
and operates an aluminum 
recycling station. 

If the North County Ecology 
Center closes, the public will lose 
the only complete, environmental-
concerns bureau in San Diego 
County. 

Overseers Board Input 
Urged at Coop Meeting 

by Ken Stipanov 
Staff Writer 

The Student Cooperative (Coop) . 
discussed the need for student 
input on the Board of Overseers. 
Monday night in the student 
center the Coop also approved 
budget allocations. 

The meeting approved budget 
appropriations of $276 for a 
Disabled Students' Union movie 
and $421 for a dance to be held later 
this month. 

The need for the representation 
of student views at meetings of the 
Board of Overseers was discussed. 
The Board of Overseers is a group 
of businessmen and community 
leaders that advises the Chancellor 
on campus policy. 

Involvement Urged 
Ruth Quirk, Coop representative 

to the Board of Overseers, said 
student views must be made 
available to the Board of Over-
seers, as it is considering what to 
do with the University-owned land 
adjacent to the UC San Diego 
campus. Quirk said an area of 
special concern is the horse stable 
area just west of Muir College, 
where a shopping center has been 
proposed. 

Discussion on a motion to voice 
an opinion on a move to ban ecret 
records and files in the University 
was postponed until next week's 
meeting, when new information is 
to be presented. 

The meeting was attended by 40 
people. 

UCSB StudeQt Cel1ter 
preSel1ts 

UR 
~~~~ AN ElECTRONic ~",""""'::;1A1~ 

soul JAZZ bANd 
Thursday Nov. 6 

Gym steps 12-1 p.m. 


