
Chicano Committee Plans to 
Petition UC Regents Today 
A group of UC Chicano students, bitter about the 

prospects for student Aff irmative Action in the 
University of Cal iforn ia, plan to take their case 
directly to the Board o f Regents today. 

wants the University to come up with an acceptable 
student Affirmative Action program. But · the 
Steering Committee rejected UC's latest offer, 
calling it " a whitewash." In the words of one 
member, "We're being overstudied ... when are we 
going to get results?" 

The UC Chicano Steer ing Committee is a statew ide 
collective of Chicano student organizat ions t hat According to Jose Banda, a member of the 

committee from UC Riverside, the UC ad-
ministration was to have come up with a student 
Affirmative Action plan this summer, at the request 
of t~e Steering Committee and A S Legislative 
Councils. At that time, UC Berkeley had done 
research into student Affirmative Action and came 
up with its own campus plan . Since HEW was in-
terested in a statewide Affirmative Action plan, the 
University adopted Berkeley's plan for use on a 
statewide basis. 

"The main thing is that some campuses have 
problems that are exclusive for that campus, " 
mentioned Banda. He also said that the UC Chicano 
Steering Committee was not consulted when the 
University submitted its student Affirmative Action 
plan . 

No Recognition 

Chicano group pickets last month's meeting of 
UC Regents in San Francisco. 

Furthermore, UC President Charles Hitch 
delegated authority over student Affirmative 
Action to Vice President Robert Johnson, who 
refuses to recognize the UC Chicano Steering 

Continued on Page 7 

Triton Times Poll 

Students' Awareness of Leaders Low 
by Sara J. Lowen 

To find out whether students 
were familiar with some U Sand 
world leaders who have been in 
the news lately, Triton Times 
conducted a political awareness 
poll at UC San Diego. The survey 
consisted of giving students the 
names of six leaders (AI Ullman, 
Yassi r Arafat, Kurt Waldheim, 
James Schlesinger, Yitzhak Rabin 
and Edward Levi) and asking 
them to identify the leaders' 
posi tions . The leaders were 
chosen because they have ap-
peared in the news lately; the 

. number of leaders was limited to 
SIX for the sake of pra<:ticality, 
since we polled 100 students. 

General Awa reness 
The purpose of t he poll was to 

indicate whether students have a 
general awareness of politics, 
from reading a newspaper or 
watching the evening news. In 
taking the poll , we used the 
Triton Times polling sample to 
get a distribution of students at 
all of the colleges, with different 
majors and grade levels. Since we 
polled 100 students, the results 
are rather unscientific, but they 
do uggest that a majority of 
tudents do not read newspapers 

or watch T. V . news programs. 

rifty-seven percent of the 
tudent could not identify any of 

the leaders . The average number 
of correct responses out of six 
pos ible was 1.06. Taking the 
UCSD campus as whole, the 
percentages of- the number of 
correct responses are : 

All Corred : 2% 
3 or more Correct : 16% 
2 or fewer Correct : 84% 

None Correct : 57% 

There appeal ~d to be no 
correlation betw\:!en those who 
got a low score (2 or fewer 
correct) on the poll and their 
college, sex, grade level or major, 
Many students said that they had 
never heard the names before. 

leaders because they read the 
newspaper. 

Indicating, perhaps, which type 
of news does reach students, 
Arafat was correctly identified 
the most times, followed by 
Rabin, Schle inger, Waldheim, 
Levi and Ullman . For those 
students who are interested, the 

There was no correlation , ix leaders' positions are : Ullman-
either, between those who did -Chairman of House Ways and 
well (3 or more correct) and their Means, Arafat -- Head of. the 
college,sex, grade level , or major. P a Ie s tin eLi be rat ion 
The number of science majors in Organization , Waldheim --
this group equaled the number of , Secretary General of the U. N., 
humanities / social science Schlesinger (no relation to the 
majors . Of the students who did Kennedy advisor)--Secretary of 
well on the poll , a few considered Defense, Rabin - Prime Minister of 
themselves to be political experts, Israel , and Levi--Attorney 
while others said they knew of the General. 

Committee Wants UC to 
Buy USIU Law School 

With the help of student support San Diego may have a public law 
chool within the n xt year . 
Such are the hopes of the Hasting Student Committee, which i 

urging the passage of a bill authored by San Diego As mblyman Larry 
Kapiloff which would allocate $2.5 million for tate purcha e of U IU's 
Cal We tern law facility downtown . 

Downtown Faci lities 
AB 810 i now in the A embly rinance ommittee, wher a tlon i 

e pected within thi month . According to th bill, the Unlver ity of 
alifornia would acquire al W~ t rn ' fa ility, land and $1 million 

library at 4th and edro downtown 
Cal W st rn law tudent M rI Ledford is coordinating the Ir ulalion 

of petition urging passag~ of the bill Ignatures ar bing ought at 
both U an Di~go and an Diego tate 

fh deal is a bargam, a cording to L dford, who ay It co t $7 million 
to set up the U Davi law hoo11111%7 

Last Monday the dn Diego county bar a~ 0 latlon voted to ~upport 
the bill . 
" If everybody l.an get on It and go, we an gN the bill to the 'over-

nor." hopes Ledford 

March]1 

~ MIeII14, 1971 

Sketch from film showing impact of bullet on Kennedy 's head. 
Bullet appears to have come from the front, contradIcting the 
Warren report. -

USD Seminar 

Who Killed JFK? 
by Mark S. Stadler 

" John Kennedy was killed by a 
right wing paramilitary 
organization .. . lt's definitely an 
internal conspiracy," accused 
David Williams of the Cam-
bridge Massachusetts-based 
Assassination Ihformation 
Bureau, speaking in USD' s 
Camino Theatre on "Who Killed 
John Kennedy?" Tuesday night . 

Williams supported those 
remarks by citing John Ken-
nedy's reluctance to support 
efforts to assassinate Fidel 
Castro after the Bay of Pigs, and 
his brother Robert's vetoing of a 
plan by the Central Intelligence 
Agency to use mafia gunmen to 
kill Castro . He said that 
" Kennedy' s attitude greatly 
angered certain ci rcles of the 
military intelligence com-
munity" and that in fact his 
refusal ar,ld his brother's act may 
have conceivably put into 
motion the plans for JFK's own 
assassination . 

"Patsy" 
If this is true, then the history 

of Lee Harvey Oswald, the man 
arrested by the authorities for 
slaying Kennedy, is changed. 
According to Williams. Oswald 
was framed. He was " a patsy" 
and was set up by the " military 
organization " that actually 
killed Kennedy. 

William showed a slide ofl 
the view Oswald would have 
had from the sixth floor of the 
Texas Book Depository , a 
building parallel to the path 
Kennedy ' s motorcade was 
travelling. Oswald would have 
had to hoot through trees at a 
moving target , getting off the 
hot in eight-tenths of a econd . 

Later, when the Warren 
Commission tried to duplicate 
the hot using three professional 
riflemen , Will iam sai d , 
hooting at tationary targets 

with as much time as necessary 
none of them hit the target . 

The Warren Commi sio n 
r port aid that 0 wald used 
two or three bull ts . One hit 
K nnedy in the throat and then 
Connally in the rib and wri t. 
William said, "Ac ording to the 
Warren ommi ion .. O~wald 
firing down at th limou me hit 
K nnedy In the back The bull t 
e Ited hi throat o n an upward 
trajectory and th n took a harp 
ri ght turn, hovering In mid-air 
for a ond and a half, pott d 
Governor onnall ' rI ·ht arm 
Pit th n lamm.PC.f Into hi ba k 
breaking hiS fifth rib. hatterlng 
hi right Wfl t 10 V n place 

and lodging in John Connaly's 
left thigh " 

Williams said that when the 
second bullet h it Kennedy's 
head, the fact that "he was 
thrown violently backwards and 
to his left, which strongly 
suggests that he may have been 
shot from the front of the car, is 
a contention IOcompatlble 
with the Warren Commission's 
conclusions ." 

Williams also raised and' 
supported the theory that there 
was more than one Oswald in 
Dallas that day To begin with , 
Williams alleged that there were 
confl icting reports as to when 
Oswald left the Texas Book 
Depository According to one 
sworn statement he left directly 
after the shooting, and ac-
cording to another, he left 
twenty minutes later. 

Williams aid that in the fall 
of 1963 a man calling himself 
Lee Harvey Oswald travelled to 
Mexico City and there applied 
for a vi a to Russia . The CIA, 
interested, Williams said, in 
anyone wanting to go to Russ ia, 
followed him there and took 
pictures of him . Williams said 
"subsequent documents that 
have since been declassified 
have shown that in fact the man 
the CIA was following was not 

Lee Harvey Uswal&t: a palsy ( 
Lee Harvey 0 wald but 
omeone po 109 a him " 

Hifle Range 
AI 0 iI'Iam r lated that in 

the mont1 prec ding the 
assas matl01 , a man app ared 
everal time. at a hootlOg range 

out Ide Dall.1 and I t It be well 
known that " was Lee Harve 

wald h" tlham atrl 
dire tly contradl t wltn \ 
reports that Oswald had not 
pI k d up a rlfl 10 the JJI.fit: 
of1%1 

WIlliam concluded from tho 
Continued on Pale 3 



Malcolm Smith, Editor 

Rick Rodewald , Business 
Manager 

The Triton Times is pUQlished 
on Mondays, Wednesday, and 
Fridays by the UCSD Com-
munications Board. Opinions 
expressed within do not 
necessarily reflect the Com-
munications Board or the UCSD 
student body. 

Don't Think Abortion 
Alternatives are Available 

S.D. PRO UFE LEAGUE 
583-5433 

Also free speakers 
and study room 

WOK OF WEEK 
"SWEET & SOUR 

FISH, PEKING STYLE" 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

lUISINE 
Dinn., Hours: 
Mon · Thllr 5-70 

hi·Sat5· 77 

Beer and wine 
served 

10",. Discount with 
UCSD Student ID 

AMPU PARKING 
459-91142 

5771 La Jolla Blvd . 
• 
-
.....""",. 

-

WORLD 
CAMPUS 
AFLOAT 

Sail eitllf.r n September 
or Februal), with the ship 
as your cia ;s'oom and the 
world your, arnpus • . . com. 
blne acere( itlld study with 
fascinating viSits to the fa· 
bled ports cf the Caribbean, 
Africa, the Mediterranean, 
and the Americas. Over 10,-
000 undergraduates from 
450 colleges have already 
sailed with WCA - join 
theml ' Financial aid avail. 
able. Write today for free 
catalog. 

WCA, Chapman CoIJece 
Box F. Oran .. , CA 92H6 

P.xe 2 Triton Times M.rch 14, 1975 

Letters 

1M Director on Mama. 
In last Friday's Triton Times, "Mama Grimaldi's," an Intramural coed 

basketball team, stated that I performed an "immoral act by denyin,l 
them the opportunity of playing basketbafl on their scheduled game 
night . (Tuesday, February 25), due to a men's playoff game." I wish to 
set the record straight . 

No 1M men's playoff game was sl.heduled that night. In fact, 1M 
playoffs were not played until March 8 and 9. What was played in the 
Main Gym that night was an Intercollegiate basketball game between 
UCSD and USIU which drew well over 560 fans, many of them UCSD 
students, faculty, and staff. This game had originally been scheduled 
for Wednesday night, February 26, but was pushed ahead by special 
request to Tuesday evening so that if UCSD did win, thus gaining a spot 
in the district playoffs, they would have a two-day rest before the first 
playoff game scheduled for Thursday night . 

As for "Mama Grimaldi's" contention that the 1M men's games were 
given priority, they fail to mention that men's games were also can-
celled that night . They state that I did not contact any member of their 
team to notify them of the schedule change. This is true, nowever, they 
neglected to mention that I and one of my assistants tried un-
successfully for four days and nights to contact the team captain to 
notify her of the schedule change. They also neglected to mention that 
I had notified the other three coed and four men's teams whose games 
were cancelled . Furthermore, "Mama Grimaldi's" did not mention that 
I spoke with them when they showed up for their game and apologized 
profusely for any inconvenienc'e that they might have suffered . Finally, 
it must be noted that the 1M men's games played in the Rec Gym that 
night were originally scheduled to be played. 

Once again, I wish to apologize, this time publicly, for any in-
convenience which members of ."Mama Grimaldi's" suffered Tuesday 
night , February 25 . There are, however, several points which now must 
be stressed . First, most of the facts concerning the incident in question 
were omitted in Friday's letter. Those facts that were included in the 
letter were presented in such a way as to present an untrue picture of 
what really took place. With regard to charges of my being inefficent 
and insensitive, I will let the real facts in the letter speak for them-
selves. 

As for the 1M Dept . "propagating sexist attitudes in athletics" and 
being "plagued with incompetency," the following can be said : more 
than anything else, the UCSD 1M Dept . ncourages participation by all 
students, faculty, and staff, male or female, in our program. To 
examine our nationally significant and rapidly expanding coed 
program and state that our policy of participation " is not supported in 
practice" is, to say the least, inaccurate . 

In conclusion, the basketball was not taken away from " Mama 
Grimaldi's ." They played their game the following Tuesday night, a fact 
which they also neglected to mention . 

HARRY BLOOM 
DIRECTOR OF INTRAMURALS 

Tutoring Program Alive 
The high school tutoring program offered through TEP 185-189 will 

be ongoing through the Spring Quarter . In a Tuesday, March 11 
telephone conversation, Dr. Paul Saltman offered his apology saying 
that the controversy regarding the continuation of the program and 
funding for my position was all a "mistake." That, in fact, he had made 
a commitment verbally and the corresponding monies had been 
promised in January, but that he had forgotten all about it . There is, 
however a question whether funds will be available for the 1975-76 
academic year. ' 

For students interested .in tutoring at San Diego High School and 
working primarily with Chicanos, Blacks and other culturally different 
populations, contact Peggy in MC 507 for further information . 

Thanks for your concerns, 

DAN MUNOZ 
COUNSELING PSYCHOLOGIST TEP LECTURER 

Save Mineral King 
The development of Mineral King, located in the southern Sierra, 

into a ski resort and year-round recreation center was first discussed by 
the U .S. Forest Service in 1953. No serious opposition was then voiced, 
and in 1965, due to increasing recreational demands the Forest Service 
seriously proposed the development of a major recreation center and 
began seeking competitive bids . In 1966 the bid was awarded to Walt 
Disney Productions and in Jan . 1969 the Company submitted a master 
plan . June of that year saw the Sierra Club filing suit to halt issuence of 
the various permits required to begin construction but in April .1972 the 
Supreme Court ruled against the club's standing to sue . 

The suit was ammended and re-filed in June and is still awaiting trial. 
The environmental statement was finished in Dec . 1974 and the 
" Responsi ble Official " is asking for public recommendations on the 
development and the alternatives which include no development by 
March 31, 1975. 

Though this area can not be legally classified as wilderness it 
contains those qualities one generally associates with wilderness, as 
anyone who was in the wilderness class the last two years can attest to . 
A major development would alter this setting significantly and could 
easilyenaroach upon adjacent back-country areas. 

For those interested, the Draft Environmental Statement is on file 
(reserve) in the Humanities Lib . under Contemporary Issues 198-
Kaplan . The best way to stop development is through a letter writing 
campaign . I real ize that it is late in the quarter and we all have our 
finals , papers, etc., but take a short break and look over the en -
vironemental report and send off a letter ; it is important and will be 
well y,orth the time spent . I f you would just like to send a letter the 
responsible official is: 

DOUGLAS R. LEISZ-REGIONAL roRESTER 
REGION 5, FOREST SERVICE, USDA 

630 SAN SOME ST 
SAN FRANCISCO, CA. 94111 

SAN DIEGO 

New Round ... trip Coach Excursion Fares. 
Biggest savings in Amtrak history. 

San Francisco now only $49.50. Seattle now only $102.00. Portland now only $95.00. 
Excursion Fares valid through 

June 11th. Good on round trips of 
7 to 21 days from date of.departure. 

For reservations, call your Travel 
Agent or Amtrak listed in the 
Yellow Pages under Railroads. We're making the trains worth traveling again. 

Monday, Thursday 
Weinberg to Speak Here 

Dr. Alvin M . Weinberg, former director of the Oak Ridge National 
Laboratory and a leader in the field of nuciear-energy development 
since its inception, will give two public lectures dealing with today's 
problems of energy on Monday and Thursday at UC San Diego. 

Both lectures are set for 8 pm and will be given in the Mandevi lie 
Auditorium . 
Weinberg is coming to UCSD as a Regents' Lecturer and his talks are 

being sponsored by the UCSD Energy Center. His lecture topic Monday 
will be "Is Nuclear Energy Acceptable?" He will speak Thursday on 
" Project I ndependen ce and Energy Rand D ." 

R .nd D Policies 
During 1974, Weinberg served as Director of the Federal Energy 

Administration's Of/ice of Energy Research and Development where 
his major responsibilities included formulating US energy research and 
development policies, ensuring the consistency of research and 
development priorities with overall energy policy, and eva luating 
proposed energy research and development programs. 

Prior to his Washington appointment, Weinberg served briefly as 
Director of the I nstitute for Energy Analysis which he conceived and 

Continued on Page 7 

Course on Catholicism 
Offered at Extension 

"The Catholic Church - The 
CrISes of Modernity," taught in 
the Spring through Extension by 
Father Eugene M . Burke, C.S.P. is 
bei ng approved for student credit 
as Ph ilosphy X418.1. 

Burke, a member of the 
graduate theological faculty at 
the Catholic University of 
America in Washington, D.C. says 
that the course examines " How 
we moved from Vatican I to 
Vatican II ." The period is the 
ubject of a book which Father 

Burke is now completing. 
Burke believes that Vatican II 

did not just happen, but was the 
point at which various trends in 
Bib lical Studies , historical 
theology, and concern for 
religious I iberty came together. 
" Vatican II was the meeting 
point ," he says. 

The course examines the" iege 
mentality" of the church, a 
reacti on to the Enlightment and 
the French Revolution, and traces 
the renewal of the Church wh ic h 
began in Europe and spread to the 
Un ited States. -

Burke, whose main interest is 

Sunday EPISCOPAL 
Services In Area 

UCSD EPISCOPALIANS '2:3IIot 
Unlv. lut ...... n Ch. 
9696 La Jail. Sho,.. Dr. 
Fr. Joaeph Young ph. 412 .. '. 
GOOD SAMARITAN Im_ at 

Sch.) 
2640 Sed.relom. Unl,.. ... lty City 
8 and 10 • . m . IS.S.-•• " .lInl 
ST. JAMES BY-THE·SEA 
743 P_ St. La JOlla 
7:30, • (S.S .... " .11-) & " 
ST. PETER'S 
1 Parle" Lao"., Del M.r 
8,IIS.8.--ell . Ie" 

TRAVEL CF~""'''''' 
H L~.,..~ A , 

o 
N 

the historical development of 
theology, has taught the History 
of Theology at Princeton 
University. He was the founder 
and first president of both the 
Cathol ic Theological Society of 
America and of the Society of 
Catholic College Teachers of 
Sacred Doctrine . 

The three unit course begins on 
Tuesday, April, at 7:00 p.m. in 
Room 3020 Undergraduate 
Science Building on Revelle 
Campus. 

Page 1, OASIS 
Study Sessions 

On Monday, OASIS & PAGE 1 
will run the second quarterly 
Finals Skills Workshop . The 
workshop will be held in HSS 
2250, next to the Muir Commons, 
at 1 pm. 

The topics covered will be : 
How to deal with test anxiety; the 
proper way to deal with essay 
exams; clues in handling ob-
jective tests ; and a problem 
solving ection for Chem., Math, 
and Physics. 

JFK ... the Dallas District Attorney and Washington you may never see ' the Texas Attorney General that me alive again ".~s it turned 
ContinufCI from Pale 1 Oswald had been an undercover out," Williams said, "those were 

and other evidence that "We are member of the FBI. J. Edgar to be prophetic words." Ruby , 
Hoover denied it. " died two months later of cancer. left with the clear and dr_·. inct Rubv ~t Scene 

. r - Williams believe~ that thert 
. Impression that Lee Harvey The ma· ". who kl' lled Lee 
O Ik b · " were four gunmen and six shots swa was elng set up." Harvey Oswald, Jack Ruby, was f ' ed 

L'f " F b f Ir . He suggested that possibly I e magazine In e ruary 0 reported by the Warren h f 
1964 h f t e atal shot to Kennedy's head ran a cover p oto 0 Commission to have been h f 

h lied L H may ave come rom two shots, someone t ey ca ee arvey nowhere near the scene of the with one of them being a hollow 
Oswald, complete with the rifle Ken nedy assassination . But; headed bullet . 
he used and copies of com- accord,'ng to WI'III'ams, Ruby II 

. Wi iams also suggested that 
munlst newspapers . But was at the scene directly before there wa.s a signal man on the 
Williams pointed out that there the shooting, at the hospl'tal 

fl " h d scene. A man with an unbrella, were con Ictlng s a ows on when Kennedy arrl'ved and even h d 
O Id' f d b on t at ry 68 degree day, was swa s ace an cast y his tried to sea Oswald the day h d 
bod Th h d h f ... in t e crow watching Kennedy . y. e s a ows on is ace after. 

d h d It was shown in one film that he are un er is eyes an nose, as if Williams said Oswald had 
h h d raised the umbrella just as the t e su n were over ea or associations wl' th the Dallas 

b h· d h ' h b d motorcade rounded the corner e In 1m. But is 0 y's underworld and " most I'm-
h d d d h b k of the Book Depository. Im-s a ow exten e to t e ac portantly, was running guns to 

d . h 'f h mediately after the shooting, he an rig t, as I t e sun were in the anti-Castro communi ty that lowered the umbrella and . 
front of h im . "We are forced to was again so instrumental I'n I 

'd h h h ca ml y walked off. 
consl er t at eit er t is picture some of the periphery affairs of Power Struggle 
was indeed doctored or there the Kennedy assassl·natl·on ." II f A 0 this, and more evidence 
was. more than one light source Accordl'ng to WI'III'ams, when d 
. h k II suggeste to Williams, and it 
In t e s y," Wi iams said . Ruby was VI'SI'ted by Earl Warren, ed d appear to a goo Iy portion of 

William s gave complex Ruby told the Supreme Court the audience, that there was 
evidence that could indicate Chief Justice that he feared for indeed a conspiracy. A con-
Oswald was at one time a his life. If Warren could take . b splracy rought on , Williams 
member of the CIA . He travelled Ruby to Washington he would said, by " a very delicate .. power 
to Rus sia, renouncing his tell all he knew . Warren struggle within" the Amencan 
American citizenship ; two years "hedged" and refused to take gove rnment . Th is " power 
later , he applied for and Ruby there. Ruby told him " lf st ruggle" was between 
received a passport to return . In you do not take me to Continued on Page 7 
June of 1963 Oswald applied for r1piiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~iiii~~~iii~iiiiiiiiii~ 
new passport and noted on it his 
Russian activities . Within 24 
hours he had his passport . 
Williams said, " It seems that 
both the CIA and the FBI 
maintained an active interest in 
Oswald ." 

In January of 1964 the Warren 
Commission was informed bv 

~~, Ie 
STEREO TAP£'~ 
s.track & cassettes 
• over 1000 rock & popular titles 
• only $1.99 each 
• free brochure 
write: AUDIO LOOP CO. 
DEPT' . .4~Q P.O, BOX 43355 
CLEVElAND OHIO 44143 

You survived 
the cafeteria lunch. 

You owe yourself an Oly. 

Olympia BreWIng Company Olympia. Wsshl nglon · OLY · • 
All OlympIa emptIes are recyClable 

PBID.& T BleBT PL ((lE. 
W~y Aliens 7:30 &1000 

SLEEPER 
USB 2722 75¢ 

SA. TVBD.6 T FILMS 
Two films directed hy Jean Renoir 

La Grande Illusion 7:30 
The Crime of M. Lange900 
USB 2722 $1.00 

1 

R G 
T H 

.E T 
R S 

STUDENT 
-SERVICES 

WEST 

C 
A 
M 
p 
U 
S 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
et al ~·45·2·~·3·0'" 

INTERNATIONAL CENTER 

La Jolla Shor 
Market 

2259 Avenida de 
I. PI.Y41 

Phone: 459-3465 

Produce, 

Meats, 

Groceries, 

Wine & Beer 

IN LA JOLLA 

~ OFFERING 
~"'S N'-t-,;w 
_ • ftIIlr-i sl' $1'$7>, 
U'P- ~"'$ 

COWR PROCESSING DAIL}, BY KODAK 
PENT AX, OLYMPUS, • KONICA. CAMERAS. LENSES 

LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 
INCLUDING 

KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES'SERVICE 'TRADES' REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

45 .. 7355 

C"c $u"'''. Cadlec Knee Bee. . AIoht RICb 
Church. Fins . Hawoiln Sandals • Shit's, T lUnks 

Ocean PICiAc . Heng Ten • B .. ~ Bags. Air BlUsh • Shit's 
PDsters . M.zNS . W •• T-shit's. BNN Cora • Gila Fins 

U .. Bot •• ea. Wheels • Sbte BNNs eM • 

J 5' 
WAX 

COIIpIrt, line of SbtebN~ 'CC8UIriet 
La Jolla 

SURF SHOP 
2226 A venida de Ie.. Playa 

La Joll.1, California 
454-4644 
Tl1ES~8'UN f.O~8 

1/2 block west 0/ 
La /olla_ Shores !~lar~et 

P.ge J Triton Times Mln:h 14,1975 



Music: I Daniel Shawler 

Graffman Meets Mandeville 
Last Tuesday, the Mandeville Center was the 

setting for a plano rtcital that approached musical 
perfection . Gary G -a,fman gave a performance that 
is'difficult to desc'· ibe with mere adjectives. Sadly, 
the auditorium itself did not attain the same 
standards . 

Since this was the first concert in the auditorium 
that did not use electronically aided sound, it was a 
good trial of the accoustics . The sound was very 
good from the front rows, but it did not carry evenly 
due to the size of the auditorium . The largest an-
noyanfi:e was the continual noise emitted from the 
air conditioning unit. This greatly lowered the 
signal-{o-noise ratio, particularly during the soft 
passages. Of temperal concern was the fact that as 
Paul Salt man noted, the one drinking fountain did 
not suffice for the large audience. 

Most pianists give recitals which include one 
difficult work and three or four pieces they could 
play in their sleep. This was not true of Graffman . 
Starting with the Mozart Sonata in F Major , K. 332, 
he followed with the Beethoven Sonata in C minor, 

Op. 111 and the Ravel Sonatine. But, above all this, 
Graffman, ended the concert with the amazingly 
difficult Pictures from an Exhibition b"y 
Moussorgsky. 

The Mozart Sonata was almost flawless. It was 
played in a highly technical manner appropriate to 
the classic form of the Sonata, but Graffman added 
the subtle nuances of emotion that make a pianist 
great . Graffman's performance of the Beethoven 
Sonata was defined by the composer's own 
directions; appassionato . The brillance of the first 
movement was beautifully contraste.d by the jazz-
like quality of the second movement, even though 
the second variation of the latter was troubled by a 
few rhythmic problems . The entire piece was 
characterized by Graffman's control of crescendi 
and diminuendi . 

The finale of the concert was Moussorgsky's 
Pictures from an Exhibition . This work, when played 
well, never fail s to bring the audience to their feet, 
and Tuesday nillht was no exception . Graffman did 

Continued on Page 6 

Concert Notes by Larry Deckel 
Well , it's the end of another 

quarter, and for those of you who 
might be interested in sup-
plementing your studies for fi nal s 
with · a I ittle music, here's the 
concert cene for the upcoming 
week : 

Tomorrow night, in the Civic 
Theatre, English progressive bC!nd 
Nektar is joined by special guest 
from St . Louis, Pavlov's Dog. 

personnel : Allan Freeman on 
keyboards, and vocals Roye 
Albrighton on guitars and lead 
vocals, Derek Moore on bass and 
vocals , Ron Howden on drums 
and vocals, and Mick Brockett on 
lights . That's right, l ights. I'm not 
sure what that means either . 

Nektar is reported to be a 
rather unusual act , perhaps best 
sPoke of in terms of the bands 

Reasons for Roots. On the 17th, Bobbie " Blue" Bland & His Ten Piece Band come to San Diego State's " Backdoor" 
for two performances 7:30 and 
10:00 p.m. No.7. Craftsmanship. 

Two generations of Canadian shoemakers (a father 
and four sons) guide production. Good woik-
much of it still done by hand - is a family tradition. 

I n the ever popular Sports 
Arena, Jesse Col in Young and Leo 

Continued on Page 6 

TheTRoot. 
one of 10 styles. 

Sold only at Roots shops. 
Gift certificales available. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
mF. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon,-Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-6481 
City feet need Roots. 

• history/humanities/languages 

britl~ literature-poetry-marxism-
crea live writing-Iogic- portuguese-
gern lap - chinese-japanese- spanish-
religjous studies-french- Italian 
• si)Cfal ~~eduaation 
poli ,ica1 science- cultural pluralism-
coullseling- public policy- economics-
antt ropology- psychology- education 

• ~ial programs and institutes . 
prollIam in environmental earth sci-
ences and city and regional planning-
marine geology-the samuel beckett 
workshop- hopkins marine station 

write or call for summer visitor 
information 

Page 4 Triton Times March 14,1975 

• sciences/mathematics/technology 
aeronautics & astronautics- physics-
geology- biology- computer science-
industrial engineering- statistics-
electrical engineering- chemistry 

• practica 
art history - self defense- directing-
computer-generated music-studio art-
baroque music- modern dance- acting 

• and 
you can live on the campus and enjoy 
the cultural and recreational benefits 
of the san francisco bay area 

stanford summer visitor program 
stanford, california 94305 

(415) 497-2872 

Theatre: Lea Jacobs 

Lateral Zig -Zags 
I was almost frightened from attending the drama department's 

production of "Lateral Zig-Zags." By the time I saw it on Saturday 
night I had been warned that it was alternately offenSive, 
bewildering, and the lowest scum of the avante garde. All of the 
above may be correct, but I enjoyed it tremendously. 

The evening opened with the actors improvising on situations 
established by the audience. Aside from being interesting, this had 
the advantage of making you remember that actors only pretend to 
be characters, that the theatre essentially is fa: play (as in baseball) . 
It put the audience in a comfortable at home sort of mood . 

The first two one-acts were by Megan Terry who, for all of you 
who haven't guessed by now, is a woman, rather strong in that line 
as a matter of fact. 

" Calm Down Mother" is a delicate piece . It opens with the classic 
th ree-act res ses-ro II i ng-a rou nd-on-t he-f loor-acc ompan ied-by-
electronic-water-music, but the process of evolution is soon cur-
tailed for more identifiable situations. The play is really a collection 
of scenes done without sets and held together by chants and 
laughter and moments of unrestrained anger. Each scene is intense 
and short. It is almost a picture of women under a given stress. The 
scenes : a woman recounts her mother has bone cancer while her· 
father gets the attention, two old women rebel against the plastic 
world of their rest home, three prostitutes get ready tor work-these-
lead almost inevitably to the final line "Our bodies/bellies are 
enough . Aren 't they?" It's very neatly constructed . 

The actresses were very strong within the tension of each scene, 
but they seem somewhat self-conscious with the transition material, 
working it stiffly and mechanically . They had minor trouble slipping 
in and out of character; Surrah Goss was aggressive and talky, Judy 
Montague tense and fresh eyed, and Kristin Caruso motherly all 
through the entire play. 

The second one-act , " Progame" is Terry's comment on the 
"to ugh" portion of the American mentality; it's about the men who 
can only react to other people by beating or screwing (as the case 
may be) the hell out of them, and the women who feed such men. 

In this kind of satire it's not enou8h just to exa~erate the aspects 
of the truckdriver stereotype. We see the type all the time and wf:!'re 
almost immune to it by now. What Terry must do to give her play 
impact is to have her characters played by actors of the opposite 
sex. Mothers, for example, are expected to fetch things for their 
children, but to see a man dressed as a woman, eagerly and con-
stantly servicing his "sons" makes you realize how warped and 
distorted the relationship really is. We don't expect men to buy 
relationsh ips that way . 

After the tightly drawn "Calm Down Mother," the actresses 
seemed to let loose. Goss and Caruso captured the essence of 
competitive brotherdom and Judy Montague dissappeared into her 
football suit to become Fred. Donn Peppler fit so properly into the 
role of mother I was shocked to see his libido finally showing. 

At times it's too intense; the play is fierce, the acting is fierce and 
the people so terrible it stops being funny. I'd like to see a touch of 
whimsey, some more humor in the attack, the characters may be 
disgusting, but they also are absurd. 
. Sam Shephard sets up a fantastic situation in "The Unseen Hand" 
but he doesn't quite know what to do with it. He gathers together 
two 19th century cowboys brought back from the dead, their 
brother a 20th century tramp, a 20th century (1950's) chi ld replete 
with high school sweater and a super human from outer space. 

Given all this, nothing much happens. There are science fiction 
accounts of the alien's subjugated planet (as an aside, may I ask 
why the villans are always Pure Thought? surely they could figure 
')ut how to be good with all those brains) . The similarity of cars to 
horses and the difficulty of robbing trains in the modern day are 
discussed. There is a mock up of revolutionaries and of the small 
town Azusa mentality. After all this the characters gradually exit on 

Continued on_ ~age 6 
-

"~ I ", r I ' ill: ',; ,!I"" 'ill'" 'I ~ 'I' 11 1 11 11iill l l~ \1 ,1111 I 1111111111 
I I ' 

MC~~CM ~nDiNI JMlm' 
NEW YEAR SALE! 

Come in now and SAVE from 20 to 40 
per cent on selected items priced to move! 
FEATURING: large selection of top quality 

American Indian Jewelry and Crafts, 
also many one of a kind pieces _ .. 

SALE IS NOW HAPPENING 
THROUGH MARCH 31st 

The Plebian 
83q. Kline 51. 

La Jolla, CA 92037 
71"·"5"-1888 

1M BS 

Racing on -a Sunday Afternoon 
seven-u p and numberless 
crackers, each team was forced to 
down a chocolate cream pie. 

A Man of Ideals 
Last Sunday, under gray, 

cloudy and wet skies, the second 
annual trike race took place. The 
turnout of contestants was 
slightly less than the previous 
year, probably due to the in-
clement weather and time of year. 

Near the end of the race, an 
unexpected surprise came as a 
streaker made several ap-
pearan ces, and was largely 
ignored by the crowd . 

The sponsors of the race are 
hoping for clear skies under 
which the races can be run next 
year, and the only question which 
arises at this time is, can the team 
of Lon Burford and Bruck Lazarus 
repeat as champions three years 
in a row? bv Paul Wagner 

Boss Moss is an unusual in· 
dividual. This statement may 
eem a little extreme, but after 

meeting him, no doubt remains. 
He is an energetic person who is 
deeply involved with the athletic 
departments of not only UCSD, 
but in the surrounding com-
munities of San Diego. 

Most people know him through 
his work in the Psychology of 
Sports officiating program. The 

program has become one of the 
most successfu l organizations 
involving UCSD students. It has 
generated more than S30,OOO in 
student salaries since it began in 
1972. 

Moss has several philosophies 
which he incorporates into his 
program. Self confidence is the 
key to the development of the 
person, both on and off "(he 
playing field . One has to learn to 
be comfortable with one ' s self . 
Once· this confidence has been 
estab lished, it can be put to use in 
all applications of life! Reaching 
a little closer to the students, he 
claims that money, which is 
brought in by the program in 
terms of salaries, is a primary 
source of motivation. 

Moss came to UCSD in 1971, as 
he said. 'the product of the public 
school system, very confused and 

HANSEN 
01'_ 

SKIING 
SURFING 
BACK PACKING 
TENNIS 

waiting for lady luck to look with 
favor upon him.' It was at this 
time he went through a personal 
metamorphasis in which he 
develped his self confidence life 
style. 

The following year, he decided 
to apply his new philosophy to 
the program he developed. The 
program had immediate success, 
and he decided to expand "his 
program to the communities 
around UCSD. 

A total of 40 teams, separated 
into eight preliminary heats, 
wallowed through obstacles such 
as a water hole, the seven-up and 
cracker stop, hay and ice before 
reaching the fabled waterfall at 
Tioga . This year the Tioga team 
had assistance from Tenaya and 
the Muir apartments whi ch 
ensured showering of all riders. 

In addition to the regular 
obstacles, the finalists ·had to 
endure one other task . After 
consuming countless cans of 

Fencers Place Sixth 
by ScoHSodil teams However , two selec t 

Last weekend, UCSO's women's groups have been invited by ABC 
fencing team placed sixth overall to compete in a nationally 
in the Western Intercollegiate televised program, aimed at 
Fencing Championships . educating the public about 

The program was successful on 
two different levels. For his 
students, there was immediate 
call for their services . This 
summer, three students, Jeff 
Cannis, Kirk Kinsell and Steve , 
McNall, will be the coordinators 

Twenty-three schools from the fencing The two groups chosen 
West competed at the Cal State to compete are the women 's foil 
Fullerton tourney with San Jose . team consisting of freshman 
State gaining the title. Although Claudette Gi rdner , Cathy 
individually none of the UCSO Hopkins, Susan Flannigan, and 
fencers were able to advance very Patty Bauers, and the men's saber 
far as a team they did what Coach team including Steve Heard, 
Jim White called "a heckuva job Charles Hess, andR ichardSpal1. 
of which the girls should really be Heard,Tyde Richards, and Mike 
proud of. " Arnall will compete against some 

This competition closed of the best fencers in the country of all five league for the UCSD 
Youth Baseball Summer program. 

Even more impressive, Moss 
has been named as the Umpire 
Chief of Alaska Baseball this 
summer, and with him, he will 
bring Rick Crawfrod , AI Hunter, 
Greg Krohn and John Crouch to 
umpire in Anchorage, Fairbanks 
and Kenai. I n addition to um-
piring baseball, the students will 
be involved in the Fairbanks 
Recreation program as ad-
mi nistraters. 

Moss has several ideas which 
have evolved from his program 
which he would eventually like to 
make possible. His ultimate goal 
is to establish the first self 
confidence center in any 
university in the nation. Its 
function would be to provide 
organized information in regard 
to self confidence development 
across campus . The center would 
be both university and privately 
funded. Eventually he hopes to be 
able to build a permanent center 
which would be staffed at all 
times by his students. In"this way, 
he feels that he can reach a 
greater majority of the students. 
If the self confidence center 
proves to be a successful venture. 
Moss would like to make his 
center a world wide venture. 

Many men have great ideas, 
Bob Moss has a plan . 

-

Photo 1m ports 
Camero Exchange 

"a real 
camera store" 

Buy-Trade-Repair 
8199 Clairmont 

Mesa Blvd. 
565-9995 

regular-season fencing action for In the upcom ing at ional s 
both the men's and women 's scheduled for Apri l 3-5 

All your 
textbooks were 

paperbacks 
this quarter. 

You owe yourself an Oly. 
Olympia Brewing Company. Olympia, Wa shlng10n · OlY · ·!!> 

All Olympia empties are recyclable 

****************************** 

REACHES FURTHER INTO SURFING 
A SURF STORY by SHEPPARD--USHER FILMS 

PlUS "THOR _ CHUCK-CHUCK" 
FOf the first time a beautifully photoaraphed Australian surf film with vibrant sounds. "A WINTER'S 
TALE" tells a story of toct.ys surf!"I around the world, with SO of the worlds top surfers e.pressing 
their surfing styles in Australia, New Zealand, South .-"frica and Hawaii_ Never befON Mve yOM bMn 
able It) completely compare the agre5sive styles of all of Australia'S top surters to those of Hawaii 
and California . Improve your surfing. See A WINTER'S TALE, those who have, were stalled. 

SUN-WED MARQi 17·25 ENCINITAS - LA PALOMA 
"SpeCial with th.ls ad, ~5.od 

flat file & hot wax." 
Paciic Qat tfWIwaJ '1:00 & 9:00 pm 

****************************** , 
Palle 5 Triton Times March 14. 1'75 



I 
Mandeville Meets Graffman Ute,.1 ltg-Zagl 

C:cfIlinued from Pase 4 
not succumb to Ihe sin of pompousness in the 
beginning Prom ooades , but he did digress toward 
the end by beCOr1i~' g too slow and too heavy on the 
bass octaves. h climax of the concert was 
Graffman's excelte t vision of gossiping women in 
" lemoges- The Market Place." 

The concert was well received by the 

traditionally blas~ UCSD audience, with Graffman 
being called back for two encores. An ovation at 
the end attempted to call him back for more, but 
Graffman declined. If the Mandeville center can 

featur~ more concerts of this ealiber, and if it can 
command a higher student involvement (i .e. lower 
cost of admission), the facility will have been worth 
the cost of construction. 

Continued from 'ase 4 
one_mission or another until it all ends, extremely flat, I have the 
feeling the author began a three act gigantic fantasy (with a trip to 
the alien planet) and then got bored and left it at act one. 

Concert Notes 
Contin'ued from Page 4 

Kottke In concert on March 18. 

Young, long time member of 
the Youngbloods went solo in 
1972 producing a hit album 
"Together", which led to a 
subsequent tour and fame. 

Leo Kottke, one of the foremost 
12-string guitarists has long had a 
sort of cult following, and per-
forms classical, pop, rock and 
jazz with ease and style. 

Big band buffs have a real treat 
in store for themselves on 
Thursday March 20. Woody 
Herman brings his new band, the 

Thundering Herd, to la Jolla High 
School 's gym . 

Herman, long a major force of · 
the big band movement, is now 
into jazz in a big way, and 
continues to tour the country 
with his new band, still playing 
clarinet and saxophone. 

The concert is being put on to 
raise money for La Jolla High 
School (even rich community 
high schools need to raise money) 
and tickets are available at the 
Turntable, la Jolla Music, and 
LJHS 

That's it for this week . Next 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
PU'MRtftttC . CO~T"'ACT()IlS 

Leaverton - S.D IDe:. 

REMODEL - NEW INSTALLATJONS - REPAIRS 
STATE LICENSE NO . 272-677 

566-4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San Diego, Ca. 92121 

quarter look for Pink Floyd , The 
Doobie Brothers, and Bill Cosby 
to name a few upcoming shows. 
And for this week, I hope your 
finals are music to your ears . 

All this conSidered, it remains to be said that the acting was 
stupendous. Paul Baccus managed to be a natural old man, not too 
much warbling or shaking. The opening scene-the old man talking 
to an imaginary driver in his CheVY-is a fine piece of theatre. leo 
Dejohn is a shivery shimmery alien, constantly moving but not 
nerve wracking. The rest of the cast was extremely competent, Gary 
Guidinger deserves singling out for his silent entrance which was 
one of the high points of the show. 

Applications are now being taken by the 
Student Co-op in the Student Organizations 
Office, second floor Student Center for the 
position of Student Regent. The person 
chosen will be the first student to become a 
member of the Board of Regents. 

All currently enrolled students, who will attend a UC campus next year, are encouraged to 
apply. Time commitment and expertise in statewide Un iversity issues affecting students will 
be a major criteria. These issues include, but are not limited to financial aid, instructional 
improvement, student services, affirmative action and legislation and I or campus regulations 
concerning student rights. . 

Applications deadline is April 13th. Applicants will be screened by two regional nominating 
commissions, composed of an undergraduate and graduate student chosen by each senate or 
-legislative council. Students Interested in serving on these commissions should also pick up 
applications at the Student Cooperative office. The deadline for commission applications is 
March 28. One undergraduate and one graduate student from UCSD will-serve on the southern 
regional nominating commiSSions. For further Information please come up to the Student 
Organizations office to talk. 

KPRI presents 
"The purpa;e of th& bed & to show the reader, sIep by sIep, 
haN I made the milons I dd _" 

IF EXPERIENCE IS STILL 
THE BEST TEACHER, LET 
IT BE THE EXPERIENCE 
OF OTH'ERS! 

\ 
\ 

MATTHEWS C.6MPUS 

\ 
\ 
\ 
\ Now 

Available at 
THE 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
NEED IT FAST? •• TRY US FIRST! 

Page 6 Triton Times March 14, 1975 

JEIJI 
COLin 
YOUnG 

TUES.MAR18 
SAN DIEGO 
srolft'l AIIXA_·-.=-

. ~ 

CHABAD HOUSE 
invites all Jewish students 
for 

Two Passover 
Seders 
March 26 & 27 
6:45 pm 
'Ire IJice will be $2 
pB" pe!D1 

p~ make a reuvatXn by rvtarm 20 
for Info call 286-4747 

IF/, • b Jrp ItT withdrawl from Vietnam." who participated, "no matter 
weln erg... .L' ft... ofw~~~:iC~~ thh~~:~~v'°~:! ~Oa7si~!n~~:~:~~!~ o~en~~:~~! 

Continued from Pale] Continued from Page] changed by the Kennedy history ... still hold prominent 
established at Oak Ridge Associated Universities. The Institute was "powerful political groups (that) assasination : " Power c'hanged positions in our nation's 
deve!oped to deal in a coherent manner with the complexities looked upon him (Kennedy) hands that fateful day," leadership." Williams con-

. d 'th bl d 'd . h I with a calculated warines 3nd asSOCiate WI energy pro ems an to provi e government Wit ong- Williams claimed . " But not in cluded that " As we begin to 
range thinking and planning about en~rgy . appeared unwilling to follow the usual manner; there was no 

In 1942 Weinberg became one of the first members of the University Kennedy's path towards a 'open declaration, but in a far recognize the forces behind the 
of Chicago's wartime Metallurgical laboratory where he helped design detente with the Russian more subtle ... and deviou s John Kennedy assasSination, a 
the first large nuclear power reactors . In 1945 he joined the Oak Ridge communist bloc or recon- fashion ." clear understanding of the true 
National laboratory (at that time known as Clinton laboratories) ciliation with Cuba and nature of these times should 
~~he~~edasDireaor~the~~aD~~~~dasR~~Kh~~d~~_es~c_a_'a~ti~o_n_a_n_d __ w_b_s_~~u_e_n_t ___ ~W~il'_ia~m~s~~_~~t_ha_t~t_h_e~~_o~p_~ __ e_m_e_r~~_. _______ ~_~ 
Director. He was named Director of the laboratory in October, 1955. elL. have been approaching Regents on a private baSIS. 
For some 25 years, Weinberg helped administer major US nuclear "lCanOS... They have also gotten some help from the Chicano 
energy programs and guided the laboratory from its status as a war- Continued from Pale 1 Caucus in the State legislature which has repor-
time pilot plant to its present recognition as one of the world 's pre- Committee as the official representative body. tedly sent telegram~ to various Regents urging them 
eminent centers of basic and applied research. A rift has also developed between the UC Chicano to deal directly with the UC Chicano Steering 
Weinberg has been the foremost advocate of the so-called fluid fuel Steering Committee and the UC Student Body Committee. 

reactor - one in which the uranium or plutonium fuel is dissolved in a Presidents Council (SBPC), according to Banda. The Lemus feels they have a better than 5~50 chance 
liquid. He is the holder or co-holder of several reactor patents and was SBPC has the responsibility of appointing all of speaking before the Board, a privilege almost 
the first to propose the idea of clustering reactors and their sub-systems students to various task forces on student Af- exclusively dominated by the Student Body 
in nuclear parks. firmative Action , but has no Chicano members in Presidents Council. 

For his role in the development of nuclear reactors, Weinberg, in its body . "The SBPC disagrees on the grounds that If the Chicano Steering Committee is again denied 
1960, shared the Atoms for Peace Award and was one of the first it's going to dilute the student voice," stated Banda. access to the Board, their only course of action will 
recipients of the E. O. lawrence Memorial Award. The Steering Committee is attempting to deal be to ask the State Legislature to force the Regents 

I~ PREMEDICAL STUDENTS' W National MeAT REV I EW Course U 
II Th6 specialized approach to MeAT preparation . n 
U Offered locally at Los Angeles, Irvine, Riverside. U n Santa Barbara and San Diego . ~ U Enroll now for Spring sessions . 

NATIONAL MCAT REVIEW COURSE 
P.O. Box 362 a Chat:worth,wC: 91~~! a [21;' 980-5993 . 

Come in for your 

FREE MAKE-UP 
DEMONSTRATION 

by Bonne-Bell's own College Boanl 
Representatives Kathy Healy and 
Lisa Rogers Woo, Thurs, and Fri 

March 19th through 21st 
11:30 to 4 pm 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

directly with the UC Board of Regents at their to take a stand on the issue, they say. 
meeting next week in Berkeley. Last month, the The principal function behind a student Af-
Steering Committee requested access to the Board, firmative Action plan is to provide guidelines for 
but was denied because of procedural errors made student recruitment, admiSSions, financial aid, etc . 
by the committee in not stating their aims. The Chicano Steering Committee is the only 

According to Adolfo lemus, a Chicano Steering statewide minority student organization in the UC 
Committee member at UC Davis, several members system. 

SUMMER SESSKlN CATMDGS ARE mMlNG 
Summer Se&cii>n Cataklgs wil be availabe Mer. 17 at the Summer ~ Office, 
101 Matthews Campus (~ fb:r) cr the 8ookstrxe. If}QU wouki like a ropy, 
pm call: (714) 4524364. 

Of ~ial interest this ooming summer is the Comedy and Dance Workshops o~ral 
by the Drama ~partment Fa further information, ~ the cata~ or contact the 
Drama ~patment (714) 452-3791. 

----------
---

---

Your Savings. 
Move it, or lose it! 

I ( you 're a University or Slale Employee. 
then transfer your savings to your U.S.E. 
Credit Union. You 're actually losiDlI money if 
you don·1. Yep. 

Bank passbook accounts pay a maximum of 
5 per cent annum. Savings and Loans. 5", per 
cent. Bul your University and State 

Perhaps you 're thinking : " Yeah. but Banks 
and Sailings and Loans are so mueh safer." 
Wrong. We 're all insured to $40.000 per 
account. And as an added bonus your credit 
union offers all University and State 
Employees a PA YROLL DEDUCTION plan 
whereby funds 'may be added to your account 

Employees Credit Union 
intends to pay you 5'1'. per cent 
per annum·. Dividends are paid 
quarterly and co mputed 
monthly. earnmg from the first 
when deposited by the tenth I as 
long as your account remains 
open through quarters end). 

CREO":NION 

automatically each payday. 
Payroll deduction is a simple 
means of paymg off those low 
U .S.E. loans as well. Save or 
borrow through your University 
and Stale Employees Credit 
Union. It ·s the wise move to 
make. 

U.iv.nlty & Stat. htployees Cred~. Il!t!!' 
5555 Mildred Str .. t 
San Diego. 92110 

217·1131 

5191 College Avenu. 
San Diego. 92115 

211-4210 

UCSO Campus. _yman 
It Miramar I1d. 
LI Jolla. 92(37 

453-H2O 

ASK US ABOUT OUR HIGH EARNING CERTIFICATE SAVINGS PLANS TOO! 
·Cahfornla law prohibit cr dlt unions 'rom declaring their diVidend 
prtor to the end of that diVidend period In 1969 the U.S E Credit Unlull 
adop ted the prOl ctlce of reweal "S tts " lntended diVidend " The 
"m l nded d"~ld("nd$" and actua l diVidends ha always been the same 

I 
'1 

-----------------------------------

Pille 7 Triton Times March 14. 11)75 



"11'-. ~.~~ Reeent .nd 
the " ....... ;:.llndne comm .... on 
.re "OW . \ .1.bl. In Stud."t 
O,.."I.etlon. ltd floor. Stud."t 
c.... ...... 1i /1 I 
H-ane AMInI,... offlc. Me curNftt 
rentel IIotInee fur .H of compuo e,..., 
for • vertetv of __ modetlone; .leo 
..". • "'re • tuetIon bu .... " boIIrd. 
..... end l'On'iel e.reomont forme. 
mope. .nd • It"- for your ... " 
InteI"-. como to .Ide . ., MC. IJ/MI 

"ALCOHOL ADDICTION: the Number 
One Dru. Problem." SDSU School of 
NureinelnvttM on Inter .. ted .,.,..,. to 
.ttend .n •• doy wortl.hop on 
Aicohollam. M.rch ". .t Se" DI .. o 
Stete U nIverIIty. Fee: etuclento "-00. 
othore "'00. For more Informetlon. 01111 
SDSU School of Nurelng ..... 
1pl/141 

INTERESTED STUDENTS: Intereotod In 
llvlne with .n Amortcen fomlty over 
quortor broek? Contoct LIM; ...... 
Spon.or.d by Trld.nt Chrl.tl.n 
FeI'-hIp. 13I141 

for sale 
'71 Hondo ., CB 1_ ml ...... Iorm 
IYItom overelzed tlroe MOO. -"'434 
HoI. 131141 

,. Opel Kadett. 4 apeed. rebuilt 
trenomlAlon. L_ ... ml...... very 
• conomlc.l. nil. Tim 272·0711 
lev.nln •• ' (3/141 
Poioroid Cam.re ... Ford Itotor motor 
1_ rebuilt, tI. l.ax1' tire & whoel.7. 
412 .... 131141 

VW w.nted. Exc.lI.nt drlvlne con· 
dltlon • • unroof any color up to .,000 
Cllil Mr. Semi Karab.y .v.nlng. or IMV. m_ .. 4I4-U71 14/4' 
ADC St.reo Ampllfl.r • • 11 .olld atot • • 22 
w.tta / ch.nn.l • • xc.lI.nt condition. 
.121_. ' .tNl · ..,. Rick . ~. 411 · 
0171. 131141 

TO. In.trum.nte SR·IiI)· • • w. CIIn b .. t 
• ny Iltd prlc • . QUICK d.llv.ry. 2 yr. 
1uorent... B.rt 412·_ 131141 

Audlovox AM· FM c.r r.dlo .SO. 
Orlglnolly". 272·'" 13/141 

lED ZEPPELIN ticket. for Mon. 3110 or 
Frl 3114 .t SD Sporto Ar.ne .... , • . 
13/17' 
Sk.t.Boord.I_1 27" & 24" ook with 
eI .. r codl"c whoelo. Thev Hli for" In 
.tOrN t2D. Call Tom 2la-2IIIO. 131141 

y •• hlk.m.t 2·1/4 x 2·1/4 twin I.n. 
CIImere. Good condition. Mel or b .. t 
off.r. AI.o VW Van-m.k. off.r. P.t 
~lp31141 

I KNOW IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE BUT .. 
whll. th.v ... t · SKATEBOARDS · 23". 
28" .. IQu.rt.r CI .. ranc. S.I.Hurry!ll 
N .. I462-341i1 13/141 

.. Triumph GT8t Gr .. t condition. 
R.bulld Tr.n.ml .. lon. R.bullt Dlft m-
2288 Ev ... 1&00 or b .. t off.r. 13/14' 

MUST SELL 19110 Plymouth D.lux 
compl.t.ly r.bullt .. atlll und.r 
w.rranty. Excell.nt .nd economlc.1 
tran.p. 270-478113114' 

GARAGE SALE: good booka. ft 
clothing. furniture. lot.of ml.c. All 
che.p/ trod • . SAT. 12-6. 212 no. H. N. 
H.llx. SOlan. B.1Ii6-«i81. 13/14' 
Hen .. n Comp.tltlon Ski Boot.: Th ... 
H.nd.om. bleck b.bl.. hlv. w.x 
b .. dd.,. th.t CIIn b. mad. to fit yOur 
foOt. Th.y·r. top of the lin. boot. that 
hlv. b .. n h.rdlv u.ed .nd they·r. 
yOU,. for. r ... onebl. prlc • . C.II Ron .t 
462-_ . 13/141 

Mu.t.ng. 281. 3 .pd. R/H. Good 
Condition. .750. 5eO-I2Ii8 or 454-4S301 
131141 

1114 OlDS. F-I6. 73000 mil .. ; very good 
condition w ith rebuild tra",mle.lon. 
B •• t off.r. 462-8337. 13/ 141 

GARAGE SALE S.turdoy. M.rch 15. ~ 
9215 Pool. St. IN.ar UCSD' off lo Joli. 
Shor .. Dr.' Furnltur • • clothing. book', 
ml.c. 1p3/141 

Ladl.. Blk.. 2 R.tton Chel,.. Slant 
Bo.rd. 2 twil , tprlng •• nd m.ttr ..... n_. m..-n 1111/141 
M.mly. C·3;J. 2 I.n.... plu. .xt,.. 
w/c .... Goo(' cond. 1/2 of r.tall. 
Wlnd_ Air. Condo .35.21 " con.ol. TV 
w/ r.mot.. v,ork. f. lr t2fi. 8-011 • . 

13/~4' 
TYPEWRITEF J Electrlc .. -IBM. Wid. 
C.rrI.g.. C.rbOn P.p.r Ribbon. Ellt. 
Typ.. Exc.INnt Condit ion. .210. 777· 
7Dhft.r 15p m. lpll141 

. 

72 Dod" Fol'r • • light blu •. 4 Door 
Soden. P_er Brak • • P.S .. Auto P.rf.ct 
• hlpe ft condition. Mu.t Sell .775.00 
414-00II1 131141 
Hwlthy Plente For S.1o A.k for Gary . t 
412·_ 131141 

Pilge 8 Triton Times Milrch 14, 1975 

SEX CLINIC: Counoollne on 1n.1 
Probl.m.. W.d. 3·' pm; Rev.lI. 
CouftHlorl DffIco lnollt to the Rev. 
Provoet OffIc.l. Judith J.,...,..... 
M.D.·Hu.h P.tea. Ph.D. 131141 

OASII NEEDS TUTORS: If you need 4 . 
unite of credit .nd .re • Junior or ..mor 
Inter .. ted In tutoring • lower dMalon 
moth or IICIonco couroe. cell_~ or 
com. to .Id .. _ MC for Info. 14141 

ATTENT10N REVEW COMMUTERS ()ponIne for _ non-reolclent etudont 
Inteloetod In plennine prOgrOma .. 
octtvItIoe on the R..... P,..rem 
Bo.rd. Appllc.tlon. ev.lI.bl. In 
Provoet'. DffIce. Commuter Center. ft 
R ... D .. n·. DffIc.I3IMI 

SACRAMENTO TAMPERING WITH 
YDUllMm .bout DIn. .III-M.r. 211. 12· 
1:30. 2D1 MC. All UCSD community 
mombe,. Invited. 131141 

WRmNG COURSE: Studonte who hlv. 
poIIOd Subl. A but w.nt to further 
Improv. their wrltlne moy enroll In 
LItIEn. 10 12 unital. II2IiZZ or com. to 
12114 HL 13/141 

"mmC.mere B .. ultou R·1.. Bolea 
Zoom. Xt,... It. wt. Ideol for hend-held 
.hOto .'.100 ftrm -'2354131141 
Add. TIMING function to your HP 41. 
No RIR. D_n't void w.rNnty. Spilt 
tlmoe.1110Dth Me reaolutlon. D.ve. m · 
1132. Event..... 131141 

DIVING GEAR · Scubepro epoxy coated 
t.nk. boot. b.ckp.ck. .dlu.t.bl. 
_rve volv.. M.rk 5 ,..uletor. .nd 
B.C . • ,. or .... t offer. D.ve 715-3103. 
131141 

P.no.onlc St.reo - C .... tt. rec.lplyr .. 
Tumteb". & AMIFM Radio · In •• Ingl. 
unltl 1 yr. Old. lI.t tao . 5.11 for .130 . 
M.rIt 412-1144 13/141 

71 ·Plnto-.hlrpl 4 .p/.lr/ m.o./2OOOc.c. 
.n.lne/ .'eoo or b .. t off.r . Mlk • . 412· 
!IIi44 131141 

"., Scout'· ·Ford V-I TI .... & .1ItreI. C.II 
P.t.4124M1 

or 
Student St.reo S.rvlc • • Sev. on Good 
St_ C.II P.t. 412-0341 131141 

PIONEER SE·5O STEREO HEAD · 
PHONES. Sony TC·1. St.reo C .... no 
Deck. US Dlv.,. Depth G.u .. m •• k· 
Inorltel-glov .. ·bootlw· & BC. 1m CB· 
4IiO Hondo. Studente D .. k. G.reld __ 
1ioW7. 13/14' 

STEREO FOR SALE MOO 
Du.1 101. turntable with pickering V· 
115/ AMES·3 m.gn.tlc c'~irldg • • 
SA·700 R .. II.tlc .mpllfler 40 w.tta 
RMS. Sony TC-I .. treck record.r-
p"y.r. pelr Qu.draflox modol .... 10" 
two wey .peek.,.. MASTERWORK SQ 
decod.r. R .. lletlc Kou H .. dphon ... 
S .. ,. co ... tt. recorder,p"y.r • • eight 
top ... 14 c .... n ••. • nd 23 .Ibum •. 5.11 
.11 or cOMld.r IIP.ret.lv. CALL 412· 
91n or COME TO BEAGLE # 2111 ASK 
M.rc 13/14' 

Larg. r.frl •• rator worlt. O.K. B .. t 
off.r. 43f-124O. 13/14' 

Coug.r XR7 AC. PB. PS. M.g • • C .... tt 
T.p.d.ck . .1510. 513·2..... Mlk. 
..... nlng • . 13/ 14' 

wanted 
Subject. n .. d.d for phon.tlc. ex-
p.rlm.nt.. t2/ hr. S .. J.n. at 31211 P&L 
or cell X21i37. lind' 

Morl. Minor .nv condo Running or ·not. 
Will p.y .., or up for whol. c.r. 481 · 
9728 .ft.r'. 13114' 

NEED EXTRA CASH? Paving Top Doll., 
for your U.S. Silver Coin. minted before 
11114. K.n 412·1321i 14/4' 
Rid. need.d to S.F. & beck. or on. w.v· 
· M.rch 21 ... ·wlll .hlre driving & g ... 
Solly 7S3-04IO 13/14' 

Rid. need.d to S.nta B.rboro Mond.y 
of flnel. w .. k. M.rch 17. Will .h.re g .. 
and driving. Tine 452·!I038. 13/14' 

I .b.olutelv n.ed I c.rpool from Chul. 
VI.to next qtr. FI.xlble .ch.dule M Thru 
F • • nytlm. ~ or 9-3. CALL ME: Scott 
427·781'. 13114' 

Attr.ctlv. girl. for photogr.phlc 
mod.llng: h .. d.. f .. hlon. & flgur. 
photogreph.. No porno plctu,... but 
. om. nud... Good figure .... ntl.1. 
8ee1nnor raw .'5/ hr. minimum 2 h,.. 
Shlron W.I .. , 413·7010. VJ .. kdoy. 10 to 
15. 1p31141 

NEED RIDE TO CALEXICO. END OF 
QUARTER will p.y for • ••. D.n 412· 
9047. 131141 

Rid. to P .. ad.ne. Frld.y of Fln.l. W .. k 
.t 3:00 of after M.ry 453-7071. 13/141 

W.nted·D_n SI .. pln. B •• 27 ..... 151 . 
13" 4' 

Need • Rlder·GoIng to A.pen I .. t week 
of Merch. C.II X2.eI5 13/ 14' 

SELF TRAN8FORMAnON WORI(8HOP 
• ..,... of _n .roup ....... for 

co~ Bet. In ApriL Free. for Info: 
m.IZ2I. 272 ..... 7M-M1I 13/141 

,..... not. thot the BIOIogy·Chemlatry 
Clinic will not be open durtng flnola 
wMIL Thenk YOU .nd w.·11 _ yOU noIIt 
Quortor. 131141 

meetings 
BAHA't DlecuoeI6ne. Every Mondoy. 
11:GO '.m. Student Conter Upetol,. 
Conference Room. 131141 

TRANSCENDENTAL MEDITATORS: 
Adv. mootI"" .nd .roup medItotion 
Mon. M.rch 17 .t 7 PM In Revello 
FOrm.1 Loun ••. Not . .. no m •• tln. 
M.rch 24 or 31. Joe Rioker ..... 
__ .. ISIMSI 13/141 

PROPHESY wIH be dlaculHd .t tho 
CAMPUS CRUSADE MTN .. 7 pm Fri .• 
Winzer Commone. BS • • All Welcom.1 
13/141 

Split til. fOr ride to S.F. 3/22 7II-U78 
13/141 
Riderl to .ho,. drlvl"" .. upe_ 
Laovlng M.rch 21 for Coloredo &Prtne • . 
M.rcIo -..e4Z3.13/141 

personals 
J .R .. LOVE ME? Er. uhh. .. MIM M.l 
mmmm ... Act _al. B .... r 131141 

Well. evorybodyoolt'. boon _om • . 
T.k. Core. Hop. theN' re no hlrd 
f .. llng •• bout .itvthlne. P.ul 13/14' 

Foxy Imv fl,.t .nd only): H.ppy An· 
nlv.,..ry of our fl,.t of m.ny 
.... utlful • . Now I'm ............ Ing. but 
not forg.ttlng. W.· .... grown. Lov. You. 
13/14 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALBERT EINSTEIN 
13114' 

D .. ,..t Sulo D.cty"re • 
You don't know .nythln. .bout Ic. 
greb...,.. but thenke for rwculng m. 
from. w_k.nd of plourltl •• proeeed 
turkey .crep • • • nd thot hollY .hld. of 

~Inter. ·A.F. 13/141 
Think youl Think youl Thonk youl To 
.11 who helped with Fourth Col .... •• 
fll'lt P.rento W .. k.nd. K.r.n 131141 

HOIttlhluI: Touche. POint mecII. S.S . 
13/141 

AIII.on Young ·w. con hNr yOUr 
pe .. lonet. moaning .nd .roenlng·k .. p 
It down. · D. Ann H.II. 131141 

Honey Child. It' •• 11 In the 'Y" .nd 
whln I loOk Into you,. .nd I ... lovln or 
I 'N hurt. look Into min •• nd rNd my 
mind. I lov. vou. I lov. yOU • I lov. 
you ..... Mlch •• 1 13/141 

Mlk. .nd M.rk: Do you know 
.om.thlng w. don't know? Kirch .nd 
th.lIttle Wom.n 13/14 

Skattboordln. Blond at WV 'Wlth 
your Ion. blond hllr & your IY.. .0 
gr .. n you .r. the foxl .. t .uy I·v •• v.n 
... n" Admiring NeI.hbor WVI 13/14' 

H.'. got. h .. d on him Ilk •• rebblt-·do 
you Cllil thot NORMAL? Th. Peopl. In 
Grey 13/14' 

Thl. I. Ground Control to M.Jor Tom: 
you·,..o vic lou. 13/14' 

FI.m •• nd B. Boob • . 
wI'1I r .. um. trav.llno .acoped .. thl. 

.ummer. Hev. fun .nd BEWARE of 
D.rtmouth STUDS .nd the man from 
QUEENS. Lov • • D.b 131141 

John. Hev. Mr. Po.tm.nl I hwrd VOU 
w.re .teylno ... Good luck with X'. In 
IqU.,... doorhook •• and SMllEI .. ·Th. 
wood hlndlo 131141 

H.ppy on. month .nd growing 
.tronger everydoy. TAl 13/14' 

Hum 3 P.opl.: Don't I.t .nyon. fool 
you. Th.r. w ... DARK AGES. 13114' 

To: M.r.n. K.ren. HII.ry. Amy. Gin. & 
SU • . You .n. the onlv girl In my IIf • . I 
lov. you ft .m goln. to ml .. vou .t 
D.rtmouth. I will m.rry you ••• oon •• I 
g.t beck. love .lway.. Jim Ith. 
pollg.ml.t, 13/141 

DeerV.I.rl • • 
Rumor h •• It thlt you .,. gOing to b. 11 
thl. S.t You know wh.t thlt m .. ",l 
H.ppy Birthday to the mOlt .... utlful 
pe,.on w. know. M.y .11 your dream. 
coml tru. · m.y your d.y b. filled with 
lov. .nd m.y th.r. b. m.ny more 
where tho •• c.m. from. love .Iw.v" 
V1J2C·your .pt. buddle.1 

DNrAndyM .. 
Happy Blrthdoy from the olrl. In N·14. 
M.y you hev. a wond.rful dey & m.y 
.11 yOUr droo"" com. tru.. love 
.tw .... V2.12C 1",4' 

activities 
lINDER GRAD OAUERY HIS ,,_ 
Kulpture .xhlblt. M.rch " ·14. openIne 
12 noon M.rch 11. D.11y 12·2:00. 

Th. H. Noeilni PoIy ...... n D.no. 
Compeny .nnull Iueu "1m". In-
ternetl_1 c.nter on leturdoy. April 
12th. TIck .... re .. OO per poreon which 
Includoe d_ prI-. live donee muelc: • 
• fI_ ..... by the H. NoeIIni Com· 
Plny •• nd en .xoilc menu. For Info coli 
Monico Dovld-Mellc .... ,.131141 

Two Germen FlI"". A Documontory on 
the HI.tory of G.rm.n Work.r·. 
Theeter. end Kuhle Wempe !Whither 
Germonyl 1IIZ. by .rochtlDud_. 
Sub-tftIoel FREE Fri. Mer. 14. I:OD p.m.. 
Revello HL ~402.131141 
Ing. C Hertung. Vleltln. Prof_or 
Deportment of Bloenglnoorlne. Artzono 
SlOte UnIvoreIty .t Tempe College of 
Engln •• rln. Scl.nc. .p.akln. on 
Trtboloelalll Aepecto In Hu_n Ar· 
tItIc"l Jointa. Frt. M.r. 14. 2:GO p.m. 
Room ... B.1Ie Sclonc. Bulldlne. 
MCI3/MI 

hat's happening 
Prof_or Semuel P.ln. Poll lei D-.. 
Unlv. of T.... "TOWA.D A 
REVISIONIST THEORY OF VOTING 
BEHAVIOR". Mon March 17. 2:00 pm. 
Revelle Formel Loun... 13 1141 

Thr •• ·dlm.n.lon.1 R.con.tructlon 
from ProjoctiOM. Fri. M.r 21. 2:00 p.m .• 
Room ... B •• lc Sclonc. Bulldln •• 
MC 131141 

Moclom D.nc. USIU wll proeont Ita 
Wlnt.r Qu.rt.r Stud.nt Chor.o· 
grephlre' Concert In M.yen Holl .t 
louthwoetern CoII-.o on Tuotdoy. 
March 11. .t 1 p.m. The concert. 
directed by Clelre WoIchinoky. Ia 
compo •• d of a.l.ct.d d.nc •• 
chor.o.r.ph.d by mod.rn d.nc. 
""'ore durlne tho winter QU8rter. The 
do_ win be porformod by tho 
.tuclento of USIU·. School of Per· 
formlne .nd VIeuoI Arto' Modern D.nee 
Dept. under the auporvloion of John 
H.rt. C .•. E. Genorel .dm .... on .. tz. 
.nd., for etudonto.lp3/14' 

TAKE A BREAK. FREE FlNALa FlLMI 
wiN be .hown In the Revello c;.toterto 
a, I:CIO p.m. Sun. M.rch , .. Wed March 
".131141 

advertisements for ourselves 
At.nclon Eddym.n: CHIFLA TU 
MAUlER Ano. a.ntonon. 13/14' 

S_II col .... 'nemed .tter f.mou. 
",tureht neocIe rwidont doen. P ..... 
lind _me to "D" D.vle. 13/141 
Klm-·thou.h the light my be guldln •• It 
con .leo be bAnding for thOM who _ 
" with _ •• rether thon In recoenltlon. 
Heve • nice weekend. 13/14' 

H.y Gr •• nl.. Ju.t dllcov.r.d 
IOmothine wonderfull C P'I .ctu.11y 
grow on rere trop!col ~I There It Itlil 
hope. 13/14' 

I . You .. t the B .. t of My love • D 
13/141 

Your lov.lI.ht .hl_ on m •• nd w.rm. 
my .oul. G.L llov. you · B.t_n 13/14' 

IJo.L) 
Jo·L, no one k..... Ilk. yOU. elthor. 
Oon't Itop. Devld Max 13/ 141 
All our lov. to G.ry.nd Jim · Hope thot 
you hev. the bnt 1m. ev.r .t D.rt· 
mouthl W.·re really .00n. to ml .. youl 
lov •• Gino .nd K.ren. 

housing 
M.I •• tudont needed to .here .... ut"ul 
h_ In Dol M.r. Non-.moker. _00 
month. Phono Immed"t.ly. G.m: .,. 
12117 or 7lI-I07I. 131141 
One or two f.ma'" nood p"c, to IIv. 
.ummer · P.B. or .outh. lynne 412-1311 . 
lwv. m_ .. 1f not thoro. 13/14' 

Roomm.te needed. for I.r ••• pt. DI.h-
w .. her. own belrm. bethrm. P.B .• coli 
Kirk 274-l21li ... 2.10 mo. 131141 

Young bu.lno .. m.n ._kl roomm.t. 
to .here townhouH neer .... ch . ..... 
.1I1.dey ..... ev • . Rich 13/14' 
Roomm.t. w.nted: Own .. ,.. room In 
G.n..... Hlghl.nd. 3 b.droom 
Condo .. non-.mok.r. "'.17 & utll. Mlk. 
or Don 4I3-6qI. 13/14' 
Roomm.t. noeded next qu.rter. Throe 
bedroom hou .. nNr MI .. lon B.y. Own 
room C . C.II Jim or M.rtln .oon. 275-
1117. 131141 

Two f.mal. roomm.t.. w.nted to 
rhere hou •• In D.I M.r. CION to BNCh. 
Non-.mok.,. only. C.II Imm.d"t.ly. 
481·1207. 13114' 
WANTED: Room In D.M. for Sr. girl & 
.mall do • . April · July .751 mo. liz 715-
4fil1 . I.t •• v ... .. rly ' .m .• . 13/14' 

Room for f.m.l •• tud.nt In phy.lcl.n·. 
hom • . Kltch.n. I.undrv f.cllltl ••. 
W.lklng dl.tence of cempu •. 4113-11111 
betw .. n 5-7 pm ••. 00 13/141 
Sp.cloul p.nthou ... pt. w / .pectacu"r 
vl_ of P.clflc. 2bdrm.. 1beth. fur· 
nl.h.d. carpota. dl'lp", phone. kltch.n 
& concubine. S.I.ry 12.000yr. v.cancy 
pending 13114' 
Room Avlbl. 2 nllI .... at of C.mpu • . 
C.II Guy 462-0417 Ev... 131141 

F.m.l. Roommat. n_d.d Immed. to 
.hlrelrg. room In 2 bdr. townhouH .pt. 
nNr cempu.. No pete. non-.mok.r. 
""1. 13/141 
F.mal. Hou •• mate N_ded: .., for 
own room In larg. D.I Mar hom • . 
V.g.t.bl ••• rd.n. flr.pl.ce. good 
folkl. 715-1423 .nytlm • . 3114, 

Roomm.t. W.nted - M.I. or F.m.l • • 
.nytlm. aft.r M.rch 21. 3 Blk. from 
bNCh (P.B.' lo .. Apt • • hog rug. fur· 
nl.hed. tI2.lIO/ mo. & utlllt", lown 
room' .... 7774. St.v. 13/14' 

HOu •• m.t. n .. d.d IMMEDIATELY . 
Own room In 3 belr 2 be duplex . .. & 
1' 3 utllltl ... 2045 Edlnbur • • Cordlff Bob 
.t 431-1231 or Drop by 4322 2C do .. 
13114' 

Fine Ie,.. 4 BR houoe In Univ. City • 
blcycl", to UCSD-2f. I'm loold", for 
4th Itortlne April ,''',,'''''''''''. 
_13/141 

W.nted: Fomele Roommote tor Sprlne 
Quorter. Homey Apt. In Le JoIIo Vi ...... 
Froe bu. to compuo. Rent .100 per. mo . 
Vicky or Sherry. _.~ 131141 

Noed roommoto for Sprlne QTR: 3 
bedrooml. 3 bethroom condo In SoIeno 
BNCh. w .. her. dryer. dlahwMhor. 
Lloyd/R.u17l5-1142 13114' 

Room In hou .. ln Soleno B_h. LOto of 
aun. treoe. y.rd. _ nil Juno 11. .. 
21117. 13114' 

Roommoto needed for C.rd", Hou .. -
ciON to beech f.molo preferred. _ 
GloIc_ Ave. Cord"'. ~4 131141 

lost & found 
T.ken from REC. Gym Frldey NIte: 1 
cloc'" u.ed for B .. ketboll .nd Hockey. 
P ..... return to Rec Dept or I M Gvm. 
No qu .. tlone. 13/14' 

Loat; N .. r 2722 B"ck & Brown Wov.n 
Dog Col"r with gold I.D. ..".. .nd 
Gold dog Ilc_. R.tum to T.T. DffIco. 
13/14' 

Stolon: KodIk C.rouMl tlldo projector 
form lobby Of M.ndovIllo RocItol H.II • 
7-1 pm. Sot M.r. ' . At .... t retum .... 
to Mulic Dept. .nonymouely 131141 

services 
Tvplng IBM Term P.pere. etc. Quollty 
Work R.ncho B.rnerdo. Mra. W .. t. .,. 
121111p31141 

TYPIST. F .. t. V.ry 1_ retea. C.II 
R.chel .t4l3-1272.13/141 

RESEARCH AIDS·C.n.d.·. I.rg •• t 
Hrvlc •. For c.telogu. lind t2 to: b .. y 
Servlc ... P.O. Box 1211. N".re F.IIe. 
N.Y. 14302. 141., ..... C.mpul 
repr_ntotlv .. required. P ..... write. 
IpllIl 

TUTORING · M.th. PhyeiCl. Computer 
Programmln.. CHEAPI llOyd at 715-
~ or wrlto m •• t P.O. Box 1122 Dol 
M.r.,4.13/14, 

Llc.need D.YCllre. Tu ... ·Thul'l. Ex· 
perl.nced and Enthu .... tlc Dot 412· 
0141131141 

Typing. IBM . Exp.rl.nc.d. carbon 
ribbon: r.porto. thoeoe. .ccuret.. 110 
c.nte .nd up. P.m...., .tter 5 pm. 

• 13/14' 

HAIRCUTS on c.mpu. by • 
prof ... lo",1. tI • cut. C.II M.,.I. 412· 
.. on Ith floor Tlo ••. H-15 131141 

Incom. T.x · Dlacount .tud.nte .• taft. 
f.culty. 7I5-I22I.ft.r 4 pm 14/141 

TYPISTS: IBM · T.rm peper' 
th ..... 1 dl ... rtetlon.,.tc. 
Edltlng/RUSH JOBS/X.rox. Andl: 413-
.. 13/14, 

travel 
SSW Tr ..... 1 Offlc. . ON CAMPUS-
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int' l Stud.nt ID. EuroU. HOItei C.rda. 
Trlppln. M.g.llne. .tc. UCSD In-
t.rnetlo",1 C.nt.r 412-0lI30 11 .m-4 pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Clo .. d Tu •• ·Thur • . 
1'l1141 


