
s 
•. .four fl ..... , in 

M ,. S; 2250 at 
7:30 pm. A 51.00 
don.tion is 
requestf.Ci. 

~,~b7, 197J 

J:utoring Program Hit 
By Insufficient Funds 

Housing Committee Asked 
To Trim 1975-76 Budget 

by John H. bylor 
A unique and highly successful 

program will continue without its 
instructor next quarter, and after 
that possibly fade {)ut com-
pletely, because the state did not 
supply UC San Diego with suf-
ficient funds to compensate for 
overenrollment. 

The Tutoring/Aide program at 
San Diego High School, super-
vised by Dr. Daniel Munoz, is a 
subdivision of the Teacher 
Education Program (TEP). Ac-
cording to Vice-chancellor for 
Academic Affairs Paul Saltman, 
the portion of Munoz' salary that 
comes from at:ademic affairs, and 
that pays for Munoz' work in the 
TEP, was cut when UC supplied 
S150,000 less that the S680,OOO 
requested for overenrollment. 
UCSD presently has 350 more 
students than it planned for at 
budget time last year. 

The rest of Munoz' salary is 
paid for h is work in Psychological 
Counseling and Services. 

Munoz was p id for TEP by P.tti Wolf opposed the proposals . Third College represen-
through the first two quarters, but,. Ways to cut the proposed dorm and on-campus tative and Dean Ray Dye echoed the committee's 

• said Saltman, " there's just no apartment increases of between S100 and S200 views, sa,ying, "The options on this campus should 
money for it" in the spring . " The were debated at Monday's meeting of the Housing be maintained. One of the things UCSD has going 
compensation money has to pay and Food Services Advisory Committee. No actions for .it is the college identity; college identity is 

were taken, but the committee was charged with important. II The committee concluded that student 
Continued on P •• 3 

Da" MII"oz 

attemptin.g to trim the proposed budget set at services should be cut only as a last alternative. 
S4,723, 112, a rise of over S100,OOO from last year. 

The committee has projected its need at Dye and other members suggested utilizing deficit 
S3,700, 1~ and therefore must pass the added cost spending to help alleviate the situation . This 
on to the students . The final budget will be voted process, which involves going contrary to UC 
on next week and then sent on to the Chancellor for policy, is currently under investigation by the 
final approval. The expected cost for dorm dwellers committee and the UC San Diego administration ~ 
-will be from S1,659 to S1,678. Apartment residents " Deficit spending does not at this time appear to be 

a viable solution," said Pat Goodstein, ad-
will pay between S872 to S900 a year. ministrative assistant to Housing and Food Services 

Options for Cuts administration director Larry Barrett . 
Various options presented by committee 

members for lessening the cost included Reductions in non-student servic.es such as Central 
eliminating the choice of two meal plans, hiring Housing Maintenance Pool and Managers and 
only a food service buyer and not a food service Central Administration (including Securit~· and 
coordinator, reducing the employment hours of the Housing staff) were suggested as possible top 
Muir and Third College postal workers, converting priority cutting areas. 
the apartments at Matthews Campus into dorms, The primary reasons for the increased rates were 
and closing one of the cafeterias (suggested to be cited as inflation and building costs . Utilities, food 
Muir) for the weekend meals. These proposed cuts and equipment costs have risen dramatically from 
would reduce the dorm room and board rate by the previous year; and the addition of new housing 
approximately S63 per student . units (for Th ird College) has created an additional 
Numerous committee members, however, strongly boost. 

Coop Supports 'Open Space' Concept Speaks Tuesday Nan Ba.iley Calls Boston 
National 'Focal Point' 

by Rich Yep 
In an attempt to prevent the 

development of open land north 
of UC San Diego east to In-
terst ate 5, Kent Wil on, 
chemistry professor and 
member of the Torrey Pines 
Town Council asked the Student 
Coop rative Monday to support 
the "open space" concept of a 
proposal halting development. 

The proposal was in op-
position to the widening of 
Carmel Valley Rd . and of certain 
areas around Pensaqu itos 
lagoon and southern areas of 
Del Mar to be re-zoned from 
"agricultural" to "residential." 

TooMuchl 
Wilson claimed that the 

group wanting "to knock this 
open space out," are the same 
people who were in favor of the 
recently passed North City West 
plan . The developer's argument, 
claimed Wilson, "was that we 
already have too much open 
space." 

Discussion of the motion 
concerned the fact that Wilson 

and external affairs local' 
coordinator Marco LiMandri, 
the only qualified people to 
answer members' questions, had 
I ft for nother meeting. After 
Garret Geuner put the motion 
on the floor, he made it clear he 
wouldn 't be able to answer any 
questions. 

However, the "open space 
concept" of the Torrey Pines 
Community_ Concept which 
opposes the re-zoning of certain 
land, passed the Coop by an 
overwhelming majority . 

In other Coop business, 
nominations were opened for 
the position of the Budget 
Resource Group, (BRG) 
coordinator. Out of 13 people 
who were nominated, only five 
accepted. 

The nominee's are Kirk 
Robinson, joe McCracken, Tom 
Tanana, Tad Sperry, and Doug 
Wallace. 

Geuner made a motion to 
keep the nominations opened 
until next week, because of the 
low turn~ut of third world 
students at the meeting . Had he 

not later withdrawn his motion, 
the Coop wouldn't be able to 
hold elections until either finals 
week or the first week of the 
Spring quarter . 

CPB 
Armando Arias, one of the six 

student members of the Campus 
Programming Board (CPB} said 
the Board was doing "an 
inadequate, insufficient job, 
and the faculty and ad-
ministration agree." 

The CPB receives S37,000 a 
year and Arias went on to claim 
that the funds were being 
controlled by Muir provost and 
Mandeville Center director John 
Stewart. 

" There is no entry way for 
students to the CPB, they aren't 
acting in the student's behali," 
commented Arias. 

Arias said he would like to see 
more of the funds in the 
student's hands, and have more 
local talent on campus. 

As an example of mfsuse of 
funds, .Arias said, was the Paul 
Wfnter Consort concerts wh ich 
lost S3700. 

Student Interns 

by M.rk S •• dlcr 
" Boston is the focal point in a 

national racist propaganda 
campaign that's been going on 
in the country for the past 
twenty years, "according to black 
socialist feminist Nan Bailey, 
who spoke Tuesday in front of 
the gym on "The Socialist 
Alternative: to the Busing Crisis 
in Boston." 

Bailey claimed the govern-
ment has been waging this 
campaign for several years. It 
includes, she said, in-
doctrinating the people to 
believe they are paying more 
taxes for welfare because blacks 
are lazy and less intelligent than 
whites , implying that full 
employment could be met if 
only Mexicans could be kept out 
of the country, and blaming 
world economic problems on 
the nonwhite Arabs . 

History Rolled B.ck 
I n Boston, this campaign has 

been intensified, she said . The 

occurrances there make it 
appear that history has been 
rolled back white " Iynch mobs" 
roam the streets beating up 
blacks and ston ing school buses 
full of black children," she 
asserted. 

And , she believes, the 
Democrats and Republicans 
cannot be depended on to fight 
these developments because 
they fluctuate with the political 
winds and are dependent on 
small wealthy elites. Therefore, 
she sees mass actions as the 
only effective way of gaining 
change in the political system. 
She pointed out that it was mass 
action that brought an end to 
American involvement in Viet 
Nam and also brought. about the 
Supreme Court decision giving 
women the right to abortion on 
demand. 

But the biggest problem, 
Bailey said, is society itself, the 
way the capital ist system 

Continued on P~ge 6 

Program Involves Students-in Administration 
by Cr.ia Uchit. Initiated and directed by part is extremely important, 

One of these days, perhaps Book~an, . this program . is a according to Bookman, .so t~at 
you will walk into the office of combination of , the Ideas students can know what IS gOlOg 
Vice Chancellor of Student enacted on other UC campuses. on in the administration . 
Affairs and see a female student Bookman thoroughly in- Intern positions are open to 
doing adminl\trative work. She vestigated those pr?grams and an.Y . UCS.D student, ~Ithough 
is not a work-study person, nor ch~se ~hat h~ conSidered to be pn~rlty IS usually gl~en t? 
is she hired merely to file their best attnbutes. J~nlors and sen 10rs : The Intern .IS 
papers. Rather, she is Jane hired for the entire ~cademlC 
Ferguson one of nine students Appreciation of Problems year With a yearly tlpend of 
working' in various ad- Basically, the philosophy of S1000, working theoretically 11 
ministrative offices designed to thi project is twofold. By I hours ~er w ek, amounting to 
give them responsibility in their working with students the appro Imately S3.00 per hour. 
respective offices . admini tration will have ef- Some Intern are urrently 

This is the Administrative fective tudent participation in working anywhere from 15-20 
Internship Proiram now being running the University, and by hours per week 
implemented at UC San Diego sharing In the re pon ibihty for The election pro . e 10-
Under the direction of Student running th Univer ity, tudent volve open publl Ity and 
Cent r director Mark Bookman will hav an appreCiation for acceptance of application for a 
the program has been i~ problem of the admlni tratlon ~pe Iflc posltiol1' In the fall 

Marco LiMa"dn' existence for over a year now, and be able to relay them back quarter A ele tlon committe Jane Fergllso" 
originating in the winter of 1974. to other tudents. The econd Continued on Pale 3 



U SO Libertatians: 
An Alternative 

BY STEVE WHITE 

I actually agree with some of the things Richard Nadeau says in his 
article " Disturbing Sweet Totalitarian Education." (Triton Times, Feb: 
19) . The existence of current problems in our society is real and, to 
anyone who thinks about the daily news, they are impossible to deny. 
The necessity for the concept of value in human affairs has been made 
manifest innumerable times in Hitler's Germany and many other 
totalitarian societies which evolved when people forgot the im-
portance of their values . That ideas are one of the most powerful 
agents for social change has also been born out historically, both in the 
greatest and the most depralled human soc ieties. And certainly to deny· 
the efficacy of human action is to fly in the face of the fact that, 
humans have elevated themselves from incredible poverty to formerly-
unbelievable wealth in the span of a few hundred years. 

But in tap-<lancing from the problems to the solutions, Nadeau trips 
oller his own philosophical feet. His statement "capitalism is real" is a 

. bit ambiguous, but apparently means capitalism still exists in t~is 
country, although admittedly in a form so adulterated by massl.ve 
government intervention as to be far removed from the lalssez-fal~e 
sy tem that it originally appro~ched . And that our current economic 
system can be replaced with one that is emminently rational in its use 
of resources is a thesis I emphatically support. But this system is not 

sociali~m . 
Another new organization has been formed on campus . We will be 

commenting on the seriousness of the economic, socia l and political 
problems confront ing everyone. We will attempt to i.llucida.te the 
nature of these problems, and point the way towards their solution, as 
well as engaging in the activism necessary to precipitate change. We 
are the UCSD libertarians. 

Wb,,~ i~ lihPrtari"nism? It i~ a political philosophy whose basic 
princil1le is this : every person has the right to his or her own life, 
liberty, and justly-acquired property; no person may initiate or 
threaten to initiate the use of physical force, or of fraud, against any 
other person . If this prinCiple is applied con istently in every phase of 
human action, the result is a free society. 

Are libertarians conservatives? Not " chance . laws against 
marijuana , prostitution. adult mOllies and sexual practices are 
them elve violations of the rights of the individual Invoilled in these 

practices, and hence we condemn all such victimless crime law . Are 
libertarians liberal? No again Taxation, and restrictions & control In 
restraint of trade are violations of the rights of the individuals 
voluntarily participating in trade, and hence we condemn all such 
laws. lIbertariani m is a consistently pro-freeedom philosophy which 
holds, a Thoreau did, "That government is best which governs least ." 
In these days of Watergate, CIA spying scandals, skyrocketing inflation 
and worsening recession, libertarianism offers, to the best of my 
knowledge, the only really viable alternative reasonable and honest 
people can support. libertarianism is a political philosophy whose 
time has come. 

UCSD libertarians plan a number of activities in the next few 
months. A taped lecture course "BaSIL Principles of Free-Market 
Economics" by Murray Rothbard, emminent free-market economist, is 
current ly being held on Friday nights . lecture subjects in the next few 
weeks include supply & demand, advertiSing, and price controls. There 
are tentative plans for guest speakers including John Hospers, Professor 
of Philosophy at USC, and Murray Rothbard, Professor of Economics at 
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn . We will be submitting to the Triton 
Times an article dealing with an economic analysis of the scarcity of 
medical care, the difficulty of getting into medical school, and how 
these problems could start being soilled . Another will be an analysis of 
why Institutions as bureaucratic and monolithic as the cur~ent 
university system, including our own dear UCSD, could not eXist In a 
free-market economy, with an indication of the kinds of institutions 
that wo.uld take their place. 

In the immediate future, we will be Circulating protest petitions 
against the proposed imposition of statewide laws regulating every 
facet of SCUBA diving. The legislation would be modeled after the 
recent los Angeles County laws, would be Similarly poorly-written, and 
would constitute a clearly ridiculous set of restrictions . Every group 
dssociated with diving, from the equipment manufacturers to the 
diliers themselves, are opposed to the legis lation, which would benefit 
no one except perhaps the incumbent politicians. Within a few 
months, we IA il be assisting the Libertarian Party in its voter 
registration dm e in an att mpt to achieve statewide ballot status. 

UCSD libertolri.ans 'will try to demonstrate that there is an alternative 
to socialism. I beralism. and conservativism . If you'd like more in-
formation , feel free to call me at 452-2800 on campus or 454-8258 at 
ome. 

MalCOlm A. Smith, Editor 
Edward E. Sirnon • . Manaoino Editor 
John H. Taylor. City Editor 
Joni Moody. CoOy Editor 
Charle. Heimler. Editorial Director 
Rick Rod.wald, Buoin ••• Monloer 
Uorry D.ckel. Art, Editor 

Kirk Robinson. Sport, Editor 
Ted So.rry. Photo Editor 
Vare,ie Girard. Alloc. City Edlto, 
David Ca .. idy. Alloc. City Editor 
Mark Wo.lber, Assoc. City Editor 
James G. SOlO. ASIDe. City Edito, 
Kathy Cox • . Secr.tary 

Mark McCarty. Contributing Editor 

Letters 
1M ·Discriminates on BB Sex 

Harry Bloom performed an Immoral· act in the 
gym with the basketball-he took it away from the 
girls. Our co-ed team, "Mama Grimaldi's," was 
denied the opportunity of playing basketball on 
their scheduled game night because they were 
preempted tor a mPn's playoff game. Supposedly, 
intramurals were set-up to encourage participation ; 
the emphasis was not on competition. It appears 
this policy is not supported in practice. last 
Tuesday night all co-ed games scheduled for the 
Rec Gym were cancelled and the men's games were 
played there. There was only one gym available 
that night, and even though the cooed games were 
originally scheduled in that gym, the men's games 
were given priority. That implies that men's games 
are more important than co-ed games. 

Besides propagating sexist attitudes in athletics, 
the 1M Department seems to be plagued with in-
competency . Friday, the department became aware 
of gym space shortage for the following Tuesday. In 
the intervening four days, the responsible person 
was not able to contact any member of the team . 
He was even known to have spoken with one of the 
team members during that time. However, if 
Bloom had .shown· the initiative or courtesy to 
(heck the roster sheet and contact team members 
to inform them of the proposed change, he would 
have noticed that he had been talking t6 onE' of the 
members every day for four days. 

UCSD eems to have lost the functional 1M 
department that once existed . It 's primarily due to 
one inefficient and insensitive member of the 
personnel , th director of intramurals. 

MAMA GRIMALDI'S 

Cohen's Humo 6 
Now subjected to eight weeks of Dr . Alain 

Cohen 's Humanitie 6 class, I feel that I may no 
longer remain silent and complacent. It is my duty 
to issue the following complaints, which I believe 
are not solely personal but shared by most of my 
fellow students . And so I will proceed with all 
pos ible justice and verity . 

The most alarming fact which first must be 
pointed out is that ohen's Humaniti scour e this 
quarter has proved essent ially useless. I am aware 
of the import of such an accusation, but I can not 
be led to deny the tremendou gap that exists 
between professor ohen and his students . There is 
here an extraordi nary barrier which owes its 
eXlstenc to the professor's adoration of th 

~oph i (lcat d (may I even say p dantic?), to the 
exclusion of a clarity essential to the educational 
process. Cohen chooses to convey an image of raw 
intellectualism to his auditors, and as a con-
sequence usually fails to communicate the least 
id a. 

I refuse to believe that Alain Cohen is not aware 
of th is unfortunate situation. As a learned man he 

~hould be able to sense such a lack of interchange. 
Furthermore, students have repeated ly alluded to 
the difficulty of understanding through often 
humble, imple and explicit statements. But what 
wa Cohen's response on one such occasion? He 
unhesitatingly asserted that the aim of education 
was to confuse. It seems to me that if in fact this is 
the object of the learning process, we a students 
halle no need of professors to guide us along the 
path; if such was the case, I would have rejected 
the system already, if on ly to avoid the frustration 
of professor Cohen 's leCtur~. 

T~pi-

CRL 

triton times 

For, after all, I am weary of being pelted with 
such_ hign-f1own terms as 'specificity: 'meta-
philosophy' and 'symtornatization: which reveals 
little if anything to me, but which conceal, no 
doubt, some valuable ideas. Meanwhile, I strain the 
bounds of my intellect in all good faith in order to 
gather up I ittle bits and pieces of the . hidden 
IT)essage which happen to pierce through the mist 
of Cohen 'S pedantic jargon . 

If, however, the purpose of education is to 
confuse, the confUsion should arise on account of 
complex, yet real subject matter, and not from the 
method through which the matter is expressed. On 
the contrary, the educator's duty is to resolve the 
confusion after he has introduced it by bringing it 
to the level of the students and by making it more 
comprehensible through simplicity and clarity . 
Cohen, I will not deny, succeeds very well in 
transfering the confusion, but, unfortunately, he 
fails in di spelling it. 

The lack of commun ication is not the only 
objectionable aspect of the course in question . In 
addition , the objectives of the Humanities 

~equence have been unjustifiably neglected. The 
Humanities Six cOllrse is not SO much a study of the 
West after the French Revolution, as it was destined 
to be, as it is a survey of Freudian analysis. This 
concentration on Freud prevented us, the students, 
from appreciating the historical , soc ial and 
ideological currents of this extraordinary era, while 
a two-week rreudian study of laclos' novel us 
Liaisons Dangeruses was carned out at the ex-
~cnse of far rnore ignificant writers of the period . 
Rousseau, Hugo, Balzac, Stendahl and Zola, to 
name a few. I regret to say that my knowledge of 
this flamboyant era of history has hardly been 
expanded by ohen's lecturing, whereas it has 
profited from what I cou ld extract from the 
readings of which a few works proved to be ex-
cellent. 

On the basis of the e criticism . which I feel are 
both justified and fr e of malicious intent , I would 
ask, in all humility, that professor ohen no longer 
teach in the Humanitie program . Why not apply 
hi talent and specialties to courses in rreudian 
analysis of literature' There, perhap, hiS com -
peten e cou ld be more fully appreciated. The 
Humanities program, however, needs educators 
who will communicate on the level of it ~tudent, 
which Cohen ha failed to clo . 

Please believe in the sinceri ty of my int ntion . 

FRANCIS FllLOUX 

t-I i! 1", J<.j ,;)00. .. /lew 
~oo""N>,+<i . 
l.. .. t OS 9"'~ 
","'jh! , 

ARTS WRITERS 
Jim Shipman 
Betty Chiment 
Robin Roncl 
Stove Elmedlna 
lorln Soltler 
Chorlft Hyda 

SPORTS WRITERS 
Paul Wagn.r 
Dav. EI,.n 
Bert loa 

SECRETARIAL ASSISTANT 
Camili. Caca, 

Th. Triton n ..... I, officially reeoonlltcl 
ao a ClmtJU. _ ...... r by tho Com· 
munlcatlon. Board of UCSD. Student 
C.ntar. Uo Jolla. California. GII37. In 

Dirk Siaker 
PRODUCTION 
Annallebler 
Kar.n Molamud 

COpy READERS 
Mlch"lIe Mletu. 
PHOTOGRAPHERS 
Chari •• Eu 
Alan Stelnh.lmer 
D.nl •• P .... 

taklno editorial ...... Ion.. tho Triton 
Tlin •• I. nOl repr ..... lIn. tho vl_ of 
the Unlv.rslty. th. Communication. 
Board. Or tho .tudent body ao a .......... 

The T,itOn Tim., publish.. Monday. W.dn •• dey. ond Friday a, In officiallY racoonll.d stud.nt new,olo.r, oubll.h.d by tho UCSD Communlc.lIons Board. 
For advertl,ino, ohon. 452·3411. For editorial and n_s. phon a 462·,.... 

Page 2 Triton Times M.Hch 7, 1~75 

Because of the opening of the 
Mandeville Center and because 
I'm the kind of person I am, I 
have written a play which I am 
sure the Drama Department 
would find to its advantage to 
produce. It is a two-act play 
(bucking the trend to one act 
plays) which has no point, no 
ch aracter studies, no sets worth 
mentioning, no novel situations-
in short, the very type of 
production that would ap~al to 
the entirety of the Drama Dept. 
What follows is a synopsis of the 
play 

AVOCADO INNUENDOES 
ACT I 

(Enter Billy, stage right . Billy 
walks to the stove and turns the 
oven on to 425 . Goes to 
refrigerator and pulls out a meat 
pie. Opens the box, withdraws the 
pie, and as he begins to put it in 
the oven. he suddenly stops.) 

"Goddammit, " he screams, "I 
forgot to take my pants off! " 

(I n disgust, he runs to nearest 
wall and does a hand stand. Stays 
in this pos ition for twenty 
minutes, saying nothing in 
particular, but more or less 
making it clear to the audience 
that he is a reprehesible idiot for 
not taking his pants off before 
putting the pie in the oven . At 
end of twenty minutes, Billy looks 
at watch and stands up again . 
Takes off pants and cooly walks 
to the counter where pie is sitting. 
Singing " Jesus loves me, this I 
know," he places pie on the floor 
and teps in it. He puts pie in 
oven . lights dim.) ' 

ACTII 
(Scene opens to show Billy 

asleep on the couch in his living 
room. There is a light mist over 
the stage and the audience is 
made aware that Billy is 
dream ing. Five girls dressed in 
leotards and brassieres are doing 
the can-can to "The Volga 
Boatmen." Girls are painted 
green . Still doing their dance. the 
five leave the stage and·go into 
the audience. They approach the 
fi rst row of seats and begin to kick 
the occupants into con -
sci ousness . Mission , ac -
complished, they leave premises, 
dancin~ . 

(Billy awakes as the last strains 
of the music die. Muttering under 
his breath, he walks to the 
refrigerator and produces five 
avocados. Takes them to living 
room and turns on the television 
set.) 

" Jesus, am I lOSing my mind?" 
he asks himself. 

(Shaking his head in 
exas peration , he impatiently 
strides to set and turns it off . He 
goes to kitchen and makes paste 
out of the five avocados which he 
deposits on a platter. Calmly 
takes platter to the living room 
and turns set on again . A morning 
exercise show is on. He puts 
platter on floor and crawls toward 
it. When his face is directly over 
the platter, he begins to do push-
ups. When face is thoroughly 

covered, he walks to bathroom 
a~d begins to shave.} 

" I guess Patty Hearst was pretty 
cool ," he says, in a startling bit of 
social commentary. 

(Finished shaving, he removes 
his pants and hangs himself by 
the curtain rod. Stays in this 
position for twenty minutes, then, 
looking at watch, gets down.) 

"Ah !" he grins. "What a way to 
start the morning." 

(Billy now goes to the 
refrigerator and pulls out a bottle 
of orange juice. Puts half of 
contents into a water bottle and 
gives himself an orange juice 
enema. Then he dresses in his 
business clothes and picking up 
his briefcase, leaves house. The 
whine of his car's starter is heard-
just before the fifteen sticks of 
dynamite under his seat explode. 
Three minutes of silence elapse 
before Billy walks into house 
dressed in tuxedo . Calmly walks 
to the bathroom and opens a 
cabinet.) 

'Well:' he savs, throwing the 
tube of Preparation H into the 
wastebasket , "I guess they were 
right ." • 

'(Billy now sits on toilet, where 
he sits for twenty minutes. At end 
of twenty minutes, lights dim.) 

FINIS 

Interns ••• 
Continued hom Pale 1 

made up of students and ad-
ministrators review the a~ 
plications and screen the 
candidates. Interviews are then 
held, with prior experience, 
analytical abilities, and the 
students' own concerns, being 
main factors in selection. The 
committee is also interested in 
how well the student can relate 
to other students and how 
representative he/she is of the 
campus. At least one student is 
chosen from each college. 

Marco liMandri is the student 
coordinator of·the interns. As an 
intern last year, in the program's 
initial stages, he is familiar with 
the problems that may arise and 
thus it is his job to organize 
weekly intern meetings, gather 
intern reports, evaluate th~ 
information within the reports 
and any other matters of im-
portance. liMandri calls this 
particular group of interns "very 
productive, for we com-
municate with one another and 
are a colrectively unified body ." 
His main concern is expansion 
of the program, because with 

New Editor 
Nominated 

John H. Taylor has been 
nominated by the Executive 
Board of the Triton Times to 
serve as editor-in-chief for the 
paper during the spring quarter. 
If approved Taylor will oversee 
the paper's operations. 

Taylor must be approved by 
the Communications Board, 
which will meet, according to 
chairman Mike Eican, Tuesday 
at noon on the second floor of 
the student center to consider 
the nomination. The meeting 
will be open. 

Taylor, city editor for two and 
a half quarters, would replace 
Malcolm A. Smith , who will 
attend UC Santa Barbara next 
quarter. 

more students involved in 
administrative positions, he says 
the students can eventually run 

th~ university. 
Other interns besides 

LiMandri and Ferguson include: 
Gail Williams in Financial Aids; 
Ron Bee in the office of the Vice 
Chancellor of Administration ; 
Steve lopez, Assistant to the 
Chancellor; David Perkins in the 
office of the Vice Chancellor 
Academic Affairs; Steve 
Matsumoto in the Committee 
for Educational Policy; Steve 
Colemen in the Business Office; 
and Ron Roberts in Alumni and 
Development: 

The main problem that 
emerges from this program is 

. the lack of communication 
between the interns and the rest 
of the student body. One of the 
basic tenets of tl)e program 
calls for communicative in-
tercourse between students . 
This becomes important in the 
success of the project, for in 

. order for it to expand, it is 
necessary for other students to 
become interested and in-
wolved . 

'. 

Munoz ... 
Continued from Pale 1 

for TAs, lab equipment, 
everything a student needs." 

He says a number of other 
programs had to be cut, inc!uding 
several personnel requests . 

The Tutoring/Aide program, 
designed by Munoz, began in the 
spring of 1971. It supplies UCSD 
students as tutors to students at 
San Diego High, and has had 
great support from the SDH 
students, their teachers, and the 
tutors, he said. "Some students 

. there have said they feel more 
comfortable with our tutors than 
with their teachers." 

"This is the only program at 
UCSD that combines education 
with community service," he said . 
"We're applying kllowledge to 
real people." 

The prograr.o may be continued 
in the spring with the s~pervision 
of teaching assistants. 

C"'c SU~.. Ce6c Knee Beenl. • AIoht Rleb 
Church. fils . HM." SIneWs . ShrI1, Trunks 

Ocelli PICiAc • Hlng T... • BotnI BI5I. AW Brush • Shirts 
Pest", . M._ . W. . T -Hits. BetnI Cd . Gila fins 

Use4 a... . c.. Wu. . s.. ...... • 
_plete.!ine If Sbt •••• nI ..... . 

La Jolla 
SURF SHOP 

2226 A venida de la Playa 
La Jolla, California 

454-4644 
0 ••• D.&.IL Y "Oee 

SAN DIEGO 

New Round-trip Coach Excursion Fares. 
Biggest savings in Amtrak history. 

San Francisco now only $49.50. Seatde now only $102.00. Portland now only $95.00. 
Excursion Fares valid through 

June 11th, Good on round trips of 
7 to 21 days from date of departure. 

For reservations, call your Travel 
Agent or Amtrak listed in the 
Yellow Pages under Railroads. We're I 

P.se 1 Triton Timft March 7, 1975 



Irvine Takes All-Cal 
by Mitch Hawkes 

In extremely tough competition, two UCSD squads finished fifth and 
sixth in the AII-Cal Tennis Tournament held at the UCSD courts last 
weekend. In this year's gathering, it was a fi~ht for top honors among 
two UC powerhouses, tournament winner Irvine and second place 
Berkeley. 

The tournament, featuring tea~ from seven UC campuses, went 
smoothly and as scheduled, with few upsets or close matches. Com-
peting in different divisions during the preliminaries, both UCSD-I and 
UCSD-II played some crowd-pleasing tennis. 

In the closest match-ups of the singles prelims, UCSD-I players John 
Gerdsen, Stuart Fischer, and Skip Schink defeated their UC Riverside 
oppOnents in straight sets, while teammates Nick White, Bill Duke, and 
Bruce Burnett lost in fairly close battles . Doubles combinations of 
Burnett-Duke and White-Gerdsen easily handled their Riverside ad-
versaries, eeking out a 54 match decision for UCSD-I. 

The UCSD-II team, led by the solid play of Jon Brindle, Jack Tawfic, 
Steve Catton, and Craig Kennedy, proved too much for UC Santa Cruz 
to handle by the same 5-4 margin . Two UC San Diego men, Mike 
Stadler andUavid Froker, aided Santa Cruz, as the UCSD team arrived 
with only 4 players . 

Meeting in the finals, the stronger UCSD-I group trounced the UCSD-
II contingent soundly, c}'0. The tightest matches pitted the two number 
one seeds, Nick White and Jon Brindle, squaring off with White 
emerging victo rious, fr7, fr1, 7-5. In another close singles contest, Bill 
Duke of UCSD-I came back to defeat Jack Tawfik, fr7, fr2 , frl . 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING 

yS1£~S N/~ON ~O~ S $J'$l'~Ar$ 
COWR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 

PENTAX, OLYMPUS, . ,KONICA CAMERAS. LENSES 
LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 

INCLUDING 
KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES-SERVICE-TRADES-REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

45.7355, 

STUDENTS % PRICE! ! 
ON 

CLASSIFIED ADS IN 
LA JOLLA LIGHT/ 

THE JOURNAL 
Show us your s1'udent card 
from anv universHy, college, or 
high school - you can adverf'ise: 

-rentals to share 
-wanted to rent 
-misceUaneous for sale 
-misc!laneous wanted 
-situl,tiCIRS wanted 
-lost and found 
·persdnals 

-seMt~ offered 
-all ~t one-ha" price 

Payment in advance, minimum charge $1.00 
La Jolla Light 
The Journal 

7580 ay Ave, L.]. 

Page 4 Trilon Time March 7, 1975 

459-4201 

JV's Upset USC, 60-58 
At L.A. Sports Arena 

Women Drop 
by bOIl liunlwe 

The UCSD Women's Basketball · Teall.'~ 

by D .. ve Eisen 
The UCSD balloon ~as ~rst on 

Saturday night at Pauley Pavilion, 
as the UCLA JV's whipped the 
T ritons 91~ .. 

UCSD finished the season with 
a 6-12 record, going fr3 in the 
magic month, February, and 
being winless in November, 
January, and Marc.,h . 

Coact: Bob McCook's squad 
made a drastic improvemen('after 
an 0-8 beginning, finally playing 
together as a team both of-
fensively and defensively. The 
team had to play even harder at 
the end, as they finished the 
season without lee Brockett, 
Chris Wellington, Mack Parker, 
Andy Opfelt, and Glen Polk, who 
were at least part-time players 
earlier. . 

The Tritons were forced to 
make a dramatic comeback in the 
process of nipping the Trojans. · 
The game was close for the first 
eight minutes, and then USC 
began to pull away, leading 37-24 
at halftime. 

Four minutes into the second 
half the Trojans lead 45-28, and 
the Triton cause seemed 
hopeless. UCSD then made an 
abrupt turnaround, holding USC 
scoreless' for eight straight 
minutes, and trailing only 47-45 
with six minutes remaining. 

The Tritons went ahead for the 
first time at 53-52, mainly behind 
the inside shooting of Dave 
Elliott . The Trojans came back 
and owned a 58-55 lead with 1:09 
left. A Mike Hart basket and a 
Smith free throw tied the score at 
58-58, with 38 seconds on the 
clock. 

USC ran the clock down and 
then missed a final shot at the 
buzzer . The game appeared to be 
ready for overtime, but an official 
spotted a fOl,1 under the basket 

Don't Think Abortion 
AlternativE\5 are Available 

S.D. PRO UFE LEACUE 
583-5433 

Also free speakers 
and study room 

ana sent Smith to the line for a 
one-and-one situation with no 
time left. Smith -ignored the 
booing Sports Arena crowd and 
swished both attempts, winning 
the game for the jubilant Tritons. 

Hart finished the game with 13 
poinU, Elliott had 12, lyle Smith 
11, Page Smith and Don Wiggins 
7, and J~e Greenstein had 6. 

UCLA fresnman Frank 
Manumaleuna scored 25 points in 

helpi~jthe Bruins to an easy win 
over foul1>lagued UCSD the next 
night. 

The game was tied 12-12, 
before UCLA ran away with it. 
The Bruins built a 43-22 in-
termission lead, much to the 
delight of the capacity Pauley 
Pavilion crowd. The closest that 
the Tritons could get in the 
second half was a 14-point 
deficit, 58-44. 

Wiggins scored 12 points in the 
final 20 minutes despite having 
four fouls for the entire half, and 
he ended up with 17. 

Greenstein and Hart each 
scored 10, with the latter fouling 
out , Ell iott had 9, Page Smith 8. 

USI U'S Womens squad 68 to 17 
crowd of 20 partisan fans in the UC 

The Tritons lead by coach Shirley 
to a great start holding the Westen 
the first six and a half minutes. Robin 
play after play for the UCSD team 
dribbling and passing. Debbie Robertson 
the UCSD team, frustrated the USIU 
sizzling fourteen points in the first 
decisive snuffs. At half-time the 
in the lead with 32 points vs . USIU's 9. 

Action in the second half was a 
the first, but tensions were high when 
using a full court press managed to 
consecutive passes and convert the 
costly errors to baskets. Substitute 
became the high scorer for the game by 
and two together for a total of 20 
leaving the USIU team without a chan 

The game was a remarkable 
women, who at times this season 
by margins of 50 to 60 points . This 
leaves the UCSD team with a 3-2 
those victories were against USIU . 
her · team would win the league, 
replied that she "doubted it." "This 
already had several injuries and 
veteran player, Aliena Salmon, has 
inelligible through a quirk of the rul 
allows for three years of el igibility " 
might just play Aliena anyway." 
The Triton's next home game is Mo 

at 4:30 pm in the Main Gym against 

I M Playoffs Begin Satur 
Th is weekend the 1M co-ed, pee wee, 

and five man basketball playoffs will get 
under way. Games will be played Saturday 
morning March 8, from 8 am to 12 noon 
and Saturday evening from 7 to 9 pm. 
Games will also be played on Sunday from 
10 am to 12 noon and that night from 7 to 
9 pm . A complete playoff schedule is 
available in the 1M office. 
Teams competing in the playoffs are : 

Co-ed : 
Four Shots, People, Fireballs, Small Fries 
and Kickbacks 
PeeWee: 
Intercourt's, Chumps, Philip J. Edelsky, #1, 
Tuff Tofu, Los Dukes, Godfather and Third 
Generation 
Five man : 

Beta Blockers, ULCS. Final 
Funkers, Dr. T's Grasshopper 
Stars, Buster Hymen, 
Western Union, Loose Puck 
Down on Your Knees, 
Gangers, Masgro, .Ii'ez 
nalingus, R&D Express and . 

Finals in all three categories 
Wednesday night at 7, 8 and 
main gym. 

Other 1M notes : Don't fo 
Races coming up tomorrow 
quad. If you didn't get a chan 
as a contestant, come out 
your friends. Bring a few 
balloons to help in their cau 
as the case may be . The 
noon . 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 

3X1 F_ Street 
'll'M~IM ; ('O:<TUCTIlRS 

. Le.~rton - San Inc. 

REMODEL - NEW INSTALLAT..lONS - REPAIRS 
STATE L.ICENSE NO. 212-617 

566-4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San Diego, 'Ca. 92121 • 

PAYS DONO 
for service 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45-·5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

Applications are now being taken by the 
Student Co-op in the Student Organizations 
Office, second floor Student Center for the 
position of Student Regent. . The person 
chosen will be the first student to become 
member of the Board of Regents. 

All currently enrolled students, who will attend a UC campus next year, are encouraged 10 
apply. Time commitment and expertise In statewide University ISlues affecting students will 
be a major criteria. These issues include, but are not limited to tlnanclal aid, Imlllrul;;ullI'" 
Improvement, student services, affirmative action and legislation and/or campus nn.Jlu,.nl""~ 
concerning student rights. 

Applications deadline Is April 131h. Applicants will be screened by two regional nOlmlrlatlnl 
commiSSions, composed of an undergraduate and graduate student chosen by each senate 
~egislatlve council. Students Interested in serving on these commiSSions should also pictt 
applicat ions at the Student Cooperative office. The deadline for commission applications 
March 28 . One undergraduate and one graduate student from UCSD will serve on the sout 
regional nominating commissions . For further information please come up to the 
Organizations office to talk . 

3-2 Win, '8-0 Loss 

Hot Pitchin.g in Baseball Split 

UCSD Ruggers Bombed 
by Ron Uyed .. 

by Scott Sadil 
& Dne Gibbs 

Despite a slow pre-season start, 
the Tritons proved last Saturday 
that they have the makings. of a 
creditable baseball team . In 
defeating Pomona-Pitzer , 3-2, 
strong pitching, tight defense, 
and some timely hitting blended 
together for what Coach Lyle 
Olsen called the team's first game 
of " really good baseball " this 
year. 

The Triton ex.posed a corps of 
effective pitchers as John Clark, 
Jeff Wiederholt , and Bill Goddard 
threw for three innings each, 
combining to allow " P_P" only 

It was a ,,;,eekend containing both disappointment an<J delight as the seven hits. Clark started the 
UC~D men ~, rugby s~,uads tr~kked north to meet .the UCSD Gauchos on game, allowing just one hit while 
Ihelr home pampas - looking for a game and finding much more. By facing the m' . f ' 
the scores (Santa Barbara I's 18-6 victory over San Diego I's; Santa ' batt W' d 1~1~~m h 0 nln~ 
Barbara II 's 12-0 rompover SanDiego II 's), it can easily be seen who speeeJs. Pitd~ine~ ~a~ cn::rf; ~s 
put th e upreme effo rt Into winning. sharp, but a bloop double that 

First's Game 
In the first team's game, Santa Barbara jumped off to a quick seven 

point lead with a penalty kick and try. However the Tritons came 
roaring back as a Brad Tebo punt pinned the Gauchos deep in their 
own territory. When the Gaucho's tried to kick the ball clear, the at-
tempt was blocked by Dickie Duncan . Neither side was able to field 
the ball c leanly, so a penalty scrum ensued. The Scrum - powered by 
first row members Lance Delong, and Bill Gates; locks, Ed Flynn and 
Roy Brechlin ; breaks Tom Wright and Kevin Sapin, and " Rugger 
Dugger" Beanan - won the battle for the ball Pinpoint passing by Dick 
a trup. Brad Iwanaga, and Ke ith Kaplan sent the ball out to Dave 
Clark. who kicked it over the onrushing defenders into the end zone 
where Dan Dworsky cradled the ball for the score. Butterball converted 
to leave the Tritons down by one, seven to six. 

Tritons (oll .. pse 
From th is point on, it was all Santa Barbara. Due to key personnel 

10 es the 'tritons, while shOWing occasional flashes of brilliance, were 
plagued by minute breakdowns which the Gauchos were able to 
capita lize on . 5an Barbara scored two more tires and a penalty kick to 
resu lt in the final 18 to six score. The loss was only the second against 
nine wins for the first team . 

Seconds Game 
In the seconds game, there was much of the same action that 

characterized the p~ay of th~ firsts . Bright spots were provided by Mark 
Reed with his broken field runs, Warren Stevens with his defensive 
aggressiveness. Joe Heilig with his " I get going fast and can't stop my 
feet" act , and Jeff Siaft with his impromptu comedy routine. Terry 
Porter, Russ Brown, and Paul Zupkas also were noteworthy in their 
play. 

The ruggers travel to the Huntington Beach Rugby c lub this weekend 
for two games. 

weslem 
Slate 
un-versny 
COlelle 
OIaw 
Of san IIeOO 

Is now accepting men and 
women who have a 
minimum of Two Years of 
Acceptable College Credits 
(60 units) . 

PrOVisional Accredi -
tation granted by the 
California Committee of 
Bar Examiners . 
The J.D . or LL.B. degree 
can be earned in 212-3 
years of full-time law 
study (15-16 classroom 
hours per week) . or in 
311-4 years of part· time 
attendance (3 classes 
per weeK; 3-4 hours per 
class). 
Graduates are eligible to 
take the talifornia State 
Bar Examination . 

Oall or Write Today for more Information or Calalog . 
The Western State University Building 
1333 Front Street. San Diego. 92101 

e\~\ ". \ - . 
(714) 232-6506 

ENROLL NOW FOR 
AUGUST 28th CLASSES 

')' :'.' r .-1', I I,j" ,,' I 

scored "P-P's" only two runs of 
the game marred his per-
forman ce o left-hander Bi II 
Goddard moved over to the 
mound from hi s first-base 
position to sew up the victory for 
UCSD. 

What threats " P-P" coul d 
generate were choked off by the 
near perfect performance put on 
by the Triton infield . This group 
made all but three of the game's 
put-outs, Committing only one 
error. Three ground balls were 
turned into double plays with 
Fred Gribi digging out low throws 
at first-base at the end of two of 
these . 

OffenSively, the Tritons were 
-continually able to get men on 
base; but had difficulty pusMing 
them around to score . Three 
potential rallies were shut off by 
runners getting thrown out while 
trying to steal. Coach Olsen feels 
this is a necessary evil for a team 
whose " best weapon is a running 
attack". A triple in the third 

University of 
California; 

Santa Cruz 

Sunlmer 
Language 
-Institute 

Otters inlensive eight-week 
Programs in 

Beginning and 
Intermediate FRENCH 

Beginning GERMAN 
Beginning, Intermediate 

and Advanced RUSSIAN 
Beginning and 

Intermediate SPANISH 

June 23 - August 15. 1975 (eight weeks) 
Up to 15 quarter units 

University credit 
Tuition $364 

Deadline May 16 
Telephone: (408) 429-2952 
For information aboul thiS 

program write 10 : 
Georv- M. aenlgl.n, 

Coordinator 
Summer La""uage Inltitute 

University 01 Call1omia 
Santa Crul, CA 95064 

inning by Goddard drove in the 
first runs of the game, and put 
UCSD ahead to stay . Designated 
hitter Jim McWeeny knocked in 
what turned out to be the 
deciding run of the game with a 
Single in the fifth inning. David 
Youngdale, Goddard, a'nd Gribi 
each had two of the Tritons' nine 
hits . 

With the regular .season 
opening this coming. Saturday 
against Southern California 
College, Coach Olsen gave th is 
assessment of how he feels UCSD 
will match up against the rest of 
the league. "Some of the other 
schools do a lot of recruiting and 
have some excellent hired 
ballplayers. But we've got a lot of 
talent this year. We may not go 
out onto the field with a 50-50 
c.hance every game, but -we 'll be 
competitive." . 

The team saw its record drop to 
2-5 with a non-conference loss to 

USIU at home ruesday afternoon 
The Tritons were shut out 8-0 and 
managed only 1 h it off Winning 
pitcher Dale Dent, who struck out 
11 and walked one In hiS 8 Inning 
stint . 

The farthest any UCSD 
baserunner got was third base, 
that occurring in the first inning 
when leadoff man Dave Lattuka 
walked, took second on a hit-and-
run play, and advanced to third 
on a mishandled pickoff attempt, 
only to be stranded. Meanwh ile, 
the Westerners collected 10 hits 
off four UCSD pitchers . That 
coupled w ith four errors , 
provided more than enough 
support for Dent. 

The lone bright spot as far as 
UCSD is concerned would have to 
be the performance of starting 
pitcher Jeff Wiederholt. Only a 
sophomore, he shut out the three 
innings he worked, yielding only 
a scratch Infield hit. 

A Great Yogi Speaks 
Every Sunday Evening, Brahmdanda speaks to his 
students on the Truth of Being. Everyone is 
invited to attend these enlightening sessions_ Those 
'students wishing to go all the way on the Path to 
illumination are invited to become a part of 
Brahmadanda's following. Live music and 
refreshments each week. For more information call 
278-6283 

IF YOU CANNOT ATTEND 
LLSTEN TO KLRO RADIO 9) FM 
DAllY AT 3:45 PM OR fI:I5 PM 

Winners Circle Lodge 
Sunday 7:00 pm 
550 Via de la Valle 

Del Mar 

A SURF STORY 
By SIIepp.,d,Ulh., 

For the Ii .. t tim •• beautifully photog,aphael Au"rall.n luff film with vibrant 
loundl. "A WINTER'S TALE" teill. Itory of to.y·1 luffing .,ound the world. 
with 110 of the world' I top luff ... up,...lnll thel, luffing ltV'" In Au"ralla. 
N_ ZHI.nd. South Afrlce .nd H.w.lI. N ... er batO .. lM .. e yOU been .bl. to 
completely compa .. the •• g'.IIIv. ltV I .. of III of Ault,.II.·1 top lurfen to 
tho •• of Hew.1I .nd C.llfo" .... Improve you, luffing. S ... A Win,.,. T.,.. tho .. 
who II ..... w ... "okael. Irs A PRIMO FliCKIl 

F" . M.,ch1 

Sat. M.rehl 

un. M.rchl 

PACIFIC .UCH 
Peclflc ....... Junior HI.h Audt .• 4111 " ...... m .. 1. ft'" 
SANDIEOO 
Ho_ Hleh. 4414 EI Cajon BM .. 1:tO ft.:OO pm. 
O!:EAN .EACH 
Colli., High. QIIZ V.fete St ... t .. 1:1111 ~ I:tII pfft . 

un.·Mon. M.reh ~NCII\ITAS · LA PALOMA 
W •• k 17.25 P.clflc CO.II Hiollwev. 153·311i6 ·1:IlO & ' .30 pm 

Plul Tho, It Clluck Chuck 
• llv. Comedy From H.wIIi. 

W (lnrbrl .. ' Wild om 
p 

PJRe 5 Triton Times M.uch " 1975 



Cinema: Steve Esmedlna 
Young Frankenstein 

Mel Brooks' "Young Frankenst~in" has been c~lIed ma~y Jhin~s 
since its release. The more prominent accolades Include a comic 
masterpiece," "a laugh riot," and "howlingly daring." What someone 
who hasn't seen it might not know is that it is really none of those 
things. It is, however, a lousy, unfunny, vaporous dud of a movie. It 
lacks the iconoclastic wit of "The Producers," and the manic, un-
bridfed frenzy of " Blazing Saddles." 

"Young Frankenstein" ·works on one level : as parody. But it i.sn't 
vicious, re-visionist or original parody the way that Paul Morrissey's 
brill iant "Andy Warhol's Frankenstein" was . Rather, it is an ever-so-
genteel , thoroughly tasteful send-up of James Whaley's 1933 
"classic ." 

This movie is a predictable onslaught of stale sitcoms . . It is like a 
television skit elongated, without o.oe memorable joke, line or image. 
Brooks' direction ismore solid and professional tlian ever before, but 
his energy seems to be waning. He is becoming lovable, the Woody 
Allen was lovable with "Sleeper." Throughout "Young Frankenstein" I 
was reminded of "Sleeper." Both films are smile movies. I kept 
smiling at what I thought was an imitation of enthusiasm, when I 
should have been yawning at the very real , unmistakable lack of 
inspiration 

c. G. JUNG 
1875-1975 

THE C. G. JUNG INSTITUTE PRESENTS A FILM CELEBRATING 
THE LIFE AND WORK OF DR. CARL GUSTAV JUNG. 
THE FILM CONTAINS FOOTAGE OF JUNG'S 1926 SAFARI IN 
AFRICA, AN EXAMINATION OF HIS THOUGHTS AND PAIN-
TINGS AND DIALOGUES WITH DR. JUNG HIMSELF. 

DATE : 
TIMES: 
PLACE: 

SUNDAY, MARCH 9, 1975 
12:00,2:00," 4:00 P.M. 
UNICORN CINEMA 
7456 LA JOLLA BLVD. 
LA JOLLA TEL. 459-4341 

DONATION: 52.00 -- PROCEEDS WILL HELP SUPPORT THE 
LOW-FEE CLINIC , LIBRARY, RESEARCH, AND TRAINING OF 
ANALYSTS. 

Student Art Show a 'Farce 
by Aftthony W.lepore 

Approximately 800 student . 
artists suffered a giant slap in the 
face by the director of the San 
Diego Fine Arts Gallery on 
Tuesday, February 11. What 
could have been an excellent 
exhibit of student art is now in 
shambles . The art show was put 
together by the San Dieao County 
Collegiate Council who ap-
pointed Henry G. Gardiner, 
Director of the Fine Arts Callery 
as the sole juror. Although the 
show was presented late to the 
different colleges, an auditorium 
full of student art was ready to be 
judged. 

Gardiner rapidly viewed the 800 
entrees, made his selections, and 
"earned" his juror fee in what 
seems to be insufficient time for 
such an impressive collection of 
art. He dryly expressed the desire 
that the auditorium be emptied in 

were 5efMI'ate. I toured the en-
trees and saw stunnina ceramics 
of every size and shape, not just 
the run of the mill head shop 
pottery but works of beauty, time, 
and patience. 

Around 350 pieces of ceramics 
and sculpture covered the stage. 
The sculptures were in every 
media : wood, steel, plastic, 
bronze and clay. When Gardiner 
asked that the stage be cleared 
without having selected any 
finalists in the categories of 
ceramics and sculpture, he was 
reminded that these two 
categories were contributing 
elements in the show. Gardiner 
then selected one plastic 
sculpture, two glass objects (for 
which there was no category), 
one artist's work in ceramics, a 
few photographs (also without 
category), and with a flip of the 
wrist, remarked "The rest goes." 

time for an afternoon lecture he Again Gardiner was reminded of 
was presenting . Although Gar- the requirements and rules 
diner was appointed as the final regarding the show to which he 
judge and I cannot belittle the replied "This is alii want." On the 
works chosen, an overall opinion stage, feelings of anger and 
of those present was that the disgust were expressed. 
finest student work was Representatives from different 
overlooked. With quality as the colleges approached the 
sole determining requisite, I feel Associated Student Body 
Gardiner fell far short of the President of City College and 
mark . I spoke with two artists who asked that the judging be stopped 
were finalists and even their and that Gardiner be paid off if 
impression was one of unfairness. - necessary. One college 

By the rules of the art show, representative took full 
there were to. be four catagories: responsibility and withdrew his 
Painting, Graphics, Sculpture, college's entries and walked out. 
and Ceramics. Tw~lve prizes of I will confess that I was an artist 
5100 each, three in each in this show and I watched as my 
category, were to be awarded. work was carried out early in the 
The final show was to consist of judging. But the frustration that 
eighty pieces. Gardiner selected drives me in presenting this ar-
random paintings and graphics ticle was standing in that 
and seemed surprised when auditorium watching countless 
reminded that the two categories pieces of truly fine student art 

PLUS ELLIOT GOULD AND 
DONALD SUTHERLAND IN "SPYS" 
"PHANTOM" 7:00· "SPYS" 8:45 

LA PALOMA 
PACifIC COAST HWY. AT 'D' IT. INCIN"Al7I~1I 

TEXTBOOK DEPARTMENT 

BOOK SALE 
• OBSOlETE TITI.ES 
-OUT-Of-PRINT BOOKS 
-OLD EOmONS 

MARKED DOWN FROM 
30% to 50% AND MORE 
If you want to sell your used books for 
cash bring them to the University 
Bookstore March 19, 20 ilnd 21 . 
from 8:00 am to 4:15 ""' . 
Books not needed by the University 
Bookstore will be bought for 
wholesale used book price and 
shipped to a dealer in Los Angeles. 

ALL SALES ARE FINAL 

UnlVfRSITY 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS 
EXTENSION 3770 

work blatantlv dismissed. 
I have three reRrets in' witnessing 

this event: First, that so many 
students contributing their time 
and money ($1 per entry) did so 
only to have it regur.itated back 
in a useless effort; second, that 
the people of San Diego will 
witness what this man has chosen 
to represent the students; third, 
that the art is now returned and 
the board of trustees or directors 
could not witness such a 
distasteful display of power on 
the part of Gardiner. 

I have demanded the return of 
my entry fee from our student 
body president because I 
honestly feel an injustice has 
been done. 

The exhibit will be shown from 
March 2nd to April 6th in the Fine 
Arts Gallery in Balboa Park. If you 
were one of the 800 participants, 
please don't feel your work was 
not acceptable. Legally it wasn't , 
morally and in the eyes of the 
majority of those present, it 
probably was. The possibility of 
another show is likely and 
discussions are already in 
progress. I only hope that the 
enthusiasm of the student artists 
involved was not dampened and 
that the future responses can be 
equally as strong even with the 
beating we've alr~ady taken . 

Bailey ..• 
Continued from Page 1 

operates based not on people's 
need but on profit. "This sytem 
makes no sense for most of the 
people in this country," she 
asserted. 

To change the system is 
"going to take a fight," she 
stated . The future of change in 
society will be violent, but 
necessary, as " It is time this 
system is ended . It has outlived 
its usefulness ." The new 
government should be one for 
the people. Bailey considers this 
to be socialism . 

Sunday EPISCOPAL 
Services In Area 

UCSD EPISCOPALIANS 12:30.t 
U nIv. Lutt!eNn Ch. 
_ Le Jot .. S"- Dr. 
Fr. JOHph Young ph. 412..,. 
GOOD SAMARITAN .m_ .. 

8c:h.1 
.. SNerblom. Un'-nlty City 
I .ntllO • . m.IS.S.-.• II .... ' 
IT. JAMES IV·THE·IEA 
70 P",-", St. Le Jot .. 
1: ........... " ..-,. " 
n . I'£TER'. 
1 ...... Len.. 0.1 M.r 
I, •••.•. __ "...,." 

Sf.UE:J'Al>E 
WOkOFWfEk 

"CRYSTAL SHRIMP 
. AND . 
OAIPAN" 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

CUISINE 
Oi_HOII,.: 
MOil· TIl", J.'D 

Frl·s.r J." 

Beer "nd wine 
senled 

10"" Discount with 
UCSDS' .... 'ID 

AMPU PARklNC • . 
459·9M2 
La loll" Blvd. 

Music: Stephen E. Crane 
L.J. Civic/University Symphony 

At the brand new Mandeville Center Auditorium 
last Saturday, the La Jolla Civic/ University Sym-
tJhony and Chorus played a concert of romantic 
and contemporary music. The program began with 
an old standby, Brahms' Academic Festival 
Over/lire. Requested to create a 'doctoral sym-
phony'ln exchange for an honorary degree, Brahms 
instead produced this orchestrated collection of 
student and beer-hall songs (he got his degree_ 
anyway). One has to be reminded of this story every 
time the piece is performed (and no concert 
program ever fails to do so), because the subject 
matter really is far from obvious. This is due, at 
least in part, to Brahms' unimaginative or-
chestration which disdains the use of solo medlodic 
lines. The violins and violas are given a rather 
difficult time, especially at the end, and the 
somewhat odd collection of musicians responded 
qui te admirably. 

The acoustics of the new hall were something of 
a disappointment, however. The string sounds were 
rather muddy and certain instruments became 
unduly predominant over other at different points 
in the auditorium. 

Professor Thomas Nee's conducting style was 
energetic (considerably more than once he 
lammed the music stand in front of him with the 

end of his baton), frequently abrupt and very ac-
curate . Next on the program was the evening's only 
solo piece , the Concerto No.2 for Clarinet ~nd 
Orchestra by Carl Maria von Weber. The SOlOists, 
Mel Warner, is a former member of the St . louis 
Symphony presently on the music faculty at 
Northern Illinois University, and bears a vague 
resemb lance to Benjamin Franklin . Weber's 
concerto is of the classic fast-slow-fast three 
movement form, and is something of a virtuoso 
piece . Scales, arpeggios, and multiple register leaps 
abound . 

pear from nowhere (actually, there was a gard 
reason for this-the rear portion of the orchestra was 
not plac~d on ri~ers : ~o the woodwinds were hidden 
effectively by the strings). 

rhe finale offered the soloist an opportunity to 
display his profi ciency at playing scales rapidly, 
and the large audience seemed to appreciate his 
ability to do so; it gave him by far the most en-
thusiastic response of the evening. 

Next came the major event of the program, 
Robert Erickson's work commissioned for the 
occasion, Rainbow Rising .As professor Erickson 
(of the UCSD music department) wrote, "I compose 
by ear . I have no system . I am not interested in the 
sort of composing that requires the assigning of 
numbers to the various musica l elements ... " That is 
not to say, however, that he is without influences ... 

The piece is a Single movement in three large 
sections : the first composed of long sounds with a 
deep percussion conversation (gongs, tympani, 
thunder sheets) near its end; followed by a brief 
transition into the second section wh ich is com-
prised almost enti rely in short sounds (pizzacatti , 
high percussion, etc .), all very quiet, becoming 
gradually more and then less dissonant again; and 
conc luding with another transition into a briefer 
long sound section that eventually fades away 
altogether. 

I n the first.section , the various instruments of the 
orchestra entered in layers (remini scent of 
Hyperprism by Edgard Varese, but less dissonant, 
and presumably with a different idea in mind), 
creating a ort of tone carpet with an occasional 
Incongruous sound on top . The dynamic, rhythmic, 
tonal. and textural variations were all smooth and 
gradual. All in all , a rather etherial, pleasing piece. 

The intermission followed, from whim a small 
portion of the audience fai led to return, perhaps 
because the la~t piece wa 't ravinsky's Symphony 
a/Psalms. For this most dramatic of Stravinsky's 

The first movement makes the greatest distinc- works. the stage was rather refreshingly free of 
tion between tutti and soli passages . The clarinet violin and viola . making room for the large 
has three long solos which quickly define the in· chorus . Like the instruments, the chorus sounded 
_trument ' tonal and dynarnic ranges . Mr. Warner somewhat muted. One could not, however, blame 
played with a peculiar mixture of authority , ner- the acoustics for the generally poor shaping of the 
vousness, enthusiasm and indifference. HIS tones vocal lines, and the attacks which were often 
were deep and clear (if such adjectives are ap· something less than sharp. On the other hand, the 
propriate to the pecular timbre of the clarinet), but orchestra played quite well (except for the neat 
he had a tendency to swallow the ends of some of little instrumental fugue that begins the second 
the long arpeggiOs, and hi s breath control was movement ; it was perhaps just a bit mechanical) . 
ra ther rough in general. The orchestra beat tim for All things considered, it was uneven performance 
hi m successfully. and in a couple of instances threw of a difficult work . There were. however, several 
In a very surprising and effective snatch of moments ' (parti cularly the Intense chromati c 
co unterpoint . modulation that occurs at the close of the first 

ThE' slow movement began with a trlking PIZ- movement..) where travin sky', power and drama 
lacato figllr in the ba strings The clarinet solos were undiminished by th eir Interpretation These by 
displayed admirable dynamic control. But be t of themselve ~ were enough to make the entire evening 
all were the orche tral wind solos , ~f'f'm!'d to ap- more than worthwhil 

~*********************************l 

r--------notices--------, 
Slud.nts mu.t c"'r or r.new .ym 
lDc:k ... by FRIDAY. MARCH 21 . R._ 
by prenntlng Spring Qu.rt.r 10 c.,da 
.t .qulpm.'" c .... 13m 

,KI COLORADO over Spring B,nk. 
.,311 include. 5 1/2 dey. 11ft. condo'. 
w/kllch.na. ,ound trip 1r.n· 
.pol1ltlon ... wlll .cc.pt d.poelts thru 
Fridey. M.rch 7. For more Info com. 10 
Room 20. Re<:. Gym. 13/71 

IIIEEDED: Any Info concernl"" CHILD 
CARE .v.lleble to U.C .• • D . • fflll.ted 
people. P..... c.1I The Wom.n·. 
r..",.r4l2·2023. 13/51 
0 •• 1to la offering apeed , .. dl"" • • tudy 
.klll., not. · I.kln. cl..... Sp,lng 
auert.r. All .rOuP' will b.gln MCond 
week of auert.r. Fo, Info On when .nd 
wh.,.. to .I.n UP. c.1I Chi ... t 412·"" 
or com. to Bldll. 2IiO MC 1~7' 
GAY STUDENTS: Ther. I. n_ a a.y 
Phone Line On c.mpu. fo, wOm.n and 
m.n. Infor .... tlon. problema. etc. Jult 
w.ntto .. lk1412·aJ'II3m 

VOCATIONAL INTEREST SURVEYS: 
Cou .... llnll for mljor •• nd ce, ..... 
Mon 4-1. Tu.. 2-3. 2IiIIO H.L J.nnl. 
Murrey. Acting Col.... O .. n. HUllh 
P.t ... Ph.· D.13/14' 
SEX CLINIC: Cou .... llnll on Se.u.1 
P,obl.m • . W.d. 3·1i pm; R.v.lI. 
Cou .... lo .. Offlc. I .... t 10 the R.". 
Provoet Offlc.l . Judith Jorll.nnn. 
M.D.· Hullh P._. Ph.D. 13/141 
NEEDED: Volunt .. ,. to beby.lt during 
Wom.n·. Film a.,"a Sprl"" QUlrte, 
TUlld.ya from ' :OOpm· 12:00pm . If 
Int",,'ed. cIIi Wom.n' . C.nter 4152· 
2023.13/51 
If yOU need 4 units of credit and ... a 
Junlo, Or S.nlOr Inter .. ted In tutoring • 
low" divlaion Math Dr Sclenc. cou .... 
call B.rbar. Dr Chlt8 ., O,al. Offic. 
4152.37110 Or come to Bid • . 2IiO MC for 
more Info. 13nl 

PhVllcal Fltn.1I R .... rch Study nHd. 
MALE RESIDENT VOLUNTEERS: non· 
.moker. non·dlabetics. & no kld ... y 
problem •. If yOU ar. willing to g.t Into 
.hepe .nd ex.rcl .. 1 hr d.Uy for ap-
proxlmat.l; 4 dey. a we.k during 
Spring Qu.rt.r b.twHn 4-1i p.m .• then 
calland/or I •• v .... m. It the P.E. Dept. 
--ext. 4032 with DI .... Dann, Subj.cll· 
Coordinator. (3/10) 

Th. UCSD Wom.n·. Center Invit .. 
yOU to lin open HOUSE. In cel.bration 
of Int.r ... tlon.1 Women'. Day Ma,ch 7. 
Frld.y trom 2:00 U nI1l5:oo. 13n, 

Revell •• Mu ir & Fourth .tudenll .hould 
,8gi.ter fOr spring qUlrt.r Exten.lon 
cl ••••• on W.d. M.r. 12 f,om 10-1 for 
Credit cours •• and 1.-4 for non-credit 
cou,. •• in Ext. cla .. room. Bldg. lOlA 
MC. Third slud.nll cont8ct Provo.r. 
office, grad stud.nl. ch.ck offlc. of 
Grad Sludi.a Ind R .... rch. med. 
.'udents se. Stud.nt Affal,. office. fo, 
Info · 412-3400. Tom S.h.pard. 13/ 121 

FOREIGN STUDENTS and thOle lor 
whom Enllll.h ia •• econd .. ngu .... 
who "e Int., .. ted In Inlorovin. thelr 
writing .klll. · .n,oll in •• pecl.' IICtfon 
of Lit/Enll 10. Com. to 1250& H·L 0, 
J<2522. 13114' 
R.v.i.. p,ogr.m Boerd la nOW .c-
c.ptlng p,ogram fundlnll ,.qu .. ' for 
next quart.r. Th. de.dlin. I. W.d .. 
March 12. Pick UP .ppllcatlons In 
R.v.i .. , ... d •• n·a offlc • . 13/12 
FOREIGN STUDENTS .nd tho.. lor 
whom Enlliiah I ••• kond lengUl", 
who .r. Int.r .. ted In Imp,ovlnll their 
writing akUIa ar. Invited to .nrOlI in • 
apeel.1 section 01 lit/En. 10. Com. 10 
1250& H·L or c.1I • 2IiZ2. (3/14) 
Hou.ln. AIII ... nc. offIc. h •• curr.nl 
.. n .. llI.ti .... for all 01 c.mpu •• re ••• 
for a v.rlety of eccommodetlo ... ;.lso 
hey ••• her •• ltu.tlon bull.tln bo.rd. 
..... anti r.n'" a.rHm.nt form., 
m.pa. and I phone fo, your u ... If 
Int.rested. come to Bldg. 2IiO MC. 13/141 
A a.rl .. of WORKSHOPS ON SELF· 
TRANSFORMATION Conducted by the 
Fallowahio For. New Con.ciou.n .... 
DIIlgn.d 10 h.lp ps,tlclp.nl. 10 
dl.cov" In them.elv... th.ir unique 
poe.lbiliti ••• nd thl" own ro.d to in ... r 
cheng • . Admillion I. frH. Call: m · 
1133, n4-!M7I. 2'JO.ti22t. 13/101 
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS: In· 
t.r .. ted in living with an Am.,ic.n 
'.mily oV.r qu.rt.r br •• k 1 COnleel 
u .. ; 463-8364. Spon.ored by Trid.nl 
Chrlllien F.llowshlp.13I1,c, 

"'-

NEW COURSE HI.tory 1.: The Hlatory 
of Public HIN.hh In the United Stet ... 
Prof_o, Sueen J . Klelnberll. Tues • • nd 
ThurL 1-":311 p.m .. !-t&SS 2321. S .. 
Dolor .. A"''' In tiID4 H&SS for furthe, 
d.UlIIa. 13/10' 

WORKSHIP SERVICES open to aliNch 
SundlY .r. at Unlveralty Church. 8:311 
a .m. and 5:00 p.m. - Rom.n CathOlic 
me .. IF, • . Donov.n & C.mpb.m. 10:00 
I .m . . Luther.n lItur.y (Paator Huber' . 
12:30 p.m .. Epl.cOpeI Euch.ri.t (Fr. 
Young't3171 
Applications for Stud.nt R.g.nt .nd 
the R_uion.1 nomineting commi •• ion 
are nOw av.ilabl. In Stud.nt 
Organlutlons . 2nd floor . Stud.nl 
C.nler. x..,.;o. 13/14' 
THE PEACE CORPS & VISTA will b •• t 
UCSD Mon. . W.d. ., the Rev.lle 
Formll/lnformal Loung ... Would lik. 
to t8lk with stud.nts in the SDc:ial 
Scl.nce •• nd Scl.nc •• (r.c.ivlng a BA 
Or MA in the n •• r-futur. Or alrudy 
graduat.d) Int.restad in nationwide 0' 
worldwld. volunl .. r opportunltl ... 
B.tw •• n 9 and noon. 1:00 to 4:00 On 
the.e days •. appointments not 
n.c .... rv. InfO at C .... r PI.nning. 3D2 
MC. 13/ 101 
SKI HEAVENLY VALLEY Ma,. 2J-2S 
tQuarte, bre.k, 5 lifl tickets. 5 nite. 
lodging . $69.90. On •• Ie 8t Student 
C.nt.r M· F. 9· '1. 12·1 Dr call 463-1387 
13171 

:FRIDA Y N'J:GIlT rLl.CItS~ 
*' 7 :30 & 1 0:45 *' 
: CASABLAN'CA i If you want to i PUBLIC:1ENEMY i 
*' USB 2722 . 75 c ;: 
: 8ATVI\DA or rIL.. : 
: THE DEVILS : ~ 7:30 pm. : 
: DIRECTED BY Ken Russel ! 
*' USB 2722 $1.00 • t********************************~ 

EXHIBITION 
& 

SALE 
OF FINE AR T PRINTS 

PRESENTED BY THE 
UNDERGRADUATE ART GUILD 

jeatu1ing: ESCHER, DALI, PICASSO, 
VAN GOGH, GAUGUIN, ·MONET, 

RENOIR, WYETH, AND MANY MORE 
$2.S0/print or ·3 lor $6 22"x28" 

REVELLE PLAZA 
MARCH 3-7,9-5 DAILY j 

S LL 
your used books for 

CASH 
Bring theDl to the 

University Booktore 
March 19, 20, and 21 

front 8:00 ant 
to 4:15 pOI 

Books not needed by the IJnNef$ify 
Booktfore will be bought for wholesale 
used hook pries an'shippe' to the 

dealer in Los Angeles. 

PdgC Triton Time Mdr h 1. 197~ 



.... - ....... ....-----------· - ....... -....---what's happening-------
actMt~ 

CIlEATIVE MO\:E ENT· OANCE 
lHIfWIY WOItItIHlOP Sun. ........ . 
W .. III. - 4 PoIII. F~E.I I .......... .. 
Center Lou ..... au..n WeIIoaIl .. 
-'11/71 

.... 0utIne c... Ie .......... . 
1l ..... 1tooI ........ 1un. Mere .... H 
.. II the tIYftI ..... Ev.yone 
.......... 1 11m 

-. 

UNOEII GMI) OALLlIlY H.. 1. 
ecqlptu .... hIbIt. March "·14. OpenIne 
12 _ March 11 . .,.12-2:GO. 

Only twenty IftCIM cIeenIne ... until 
.--h. The La Jolle II .... will con-
duct Hameta Bumlne .... _ 'tud. 
Cntr. 2nd floW. IJI7I 

lectures 
P"""" hrt ,..... from UC IrvI ... 

- KAFKA UNO GOETHE lin a.m.,., FrI. 
Meroh 7. 12:GIIlleveile tntom.l Lou .... 
11171 

. 

Dr. W.y,. Ak_ ProfeMor. Depert-
men! of Iu,...,.. UC8D ......... on 
Currant lI_h on Bon.. Ca .... . 
.nd Other T ...... of Im.r.t to Or· 
thopadIca. fri.. M.rch 7. 2:10 p.m. lloom 
...... 8cIence BuIIdIne. MC 

127) 

meetings 
UCID ,ocIety of Fa,*" and 8aIance 
I'Icdon ....... Meroh 10 .... PM. LARGE 
co", .... _ ~. I1udent Caneer. 
Topic: The Worb of Arthur C. CIIrIc .. 
cz/1O' . 

.LACK WOMEN I ............ In JoInine • 
1OI'Oftty. A ..... K ..... Alphe. ..... n 
0",0 chap. wII be hi.,.", .n 
OF1IIInWttI_1 IllMtlne Mon .• March 10. 
.:00 PM In the lIeveIIe Informal Lou .... 
lin beck of the Rewile Cafet8l1e,. 1J/1., 

GRADUATI STUDENTS Intel ..... In 
p.rtlcl ... tl,.. In .ctlvltl.. of the 
G,... ... _ WOIMIt·. Counollconoemed 
with en IIIIftIn .tt.c:tI", .,..,._ 
women .t UC8D'. C~ to ()pen 
Hou. et w~·. Center 2-1 plft. 
O,.. ... tI....,lI .... wtI be ttw. from 
44 p.m. 11171 

Whit Ie the faith which ... Lao ToietOy 
......... "Now ~ UI with the 
......... nd pu .... fOrm of ..... Ioua 
tIeohIna." Cornelha,. the _ .. of 

~hI' u· Heh.nd hie '-""'" on worlel 
unlty for wortd ....... 8tudent Center. 
ullltll,. c~ room. Mondey 
1UIO. 11110' 

An Ad Hoc. Committee will meet on 
Mondav IMarch 101 et 4 pm In the 
'tudent Center to ........... ne to 
_.e e Food Dey '71 II ucao. 
Groupe end InchIdueIe who _ COft. 
oemed about C .............. nutrftIon. 
world huneer.1IC. .,. Invited. III,., 

.----------------...... advertiseinents for ourselv'--.----
for sale 

'LED ZEPPEUN CONCERT: ..... __ 
~or •• Ihowe - "n DietIO. Lone .-'t 
.nd Forum. ..".1J/12, 

10 ....... M .... •• .Ik.. 1 yr. old. 
w/..-tor light .. or ........... 
1M' 
1117 CAMARO .... _ m motor. 
HuM! 4 ....... Holley 4 be,.,... 
I'-den. PI. N , AC. chrome rtme. wide 
tlreI, etc. .. _ firm. ... .., event ..... 
,CII7' 
- Triumph 8DItfIM. '17 80IId ,mOtor. 
- top and .... nt. IOOd IntMtor. rune 
good. fun to drtve • • ood ml ...... _ 
or trade. .. ___ IJI7I 

HANliN .U ..... OARD IT'. excellent 
condo ..... 272 .... ev-..IIIIII 
• V.W. Good condition: Ovwhaul 
-.1,., _.... ... AIIO. beautiful 
uP .... ht ""no. excellent condition . 
h_ .bout_ a.m1 AnvtI,.. . • 3II' 
WI" .... 3 Frt nleht Z ....... n tlc:klta 
for Mon' .. "ndy or M.rty C.ent. 
13111 
YW _nted. Exc"lent drtvlne con-
dition. IUnroof .ny color up to f1ClOO 
call Mr. Semi Ka,.bay -.. .... or""', 
m_ .. 4I4-G71 14/41 
G.nlun. H.w.lI.n Puke Sh.1I 
Necklec... f15-t211. FI,. Shell. .110. 
8 .. t 0.1 Around. T.rrt 412·"'. 13m 
Tft. lnatrum.nta SR..,· • •. w. can beet 
. ny I.td pric • . QUICK dellv.ry. 2 yr. 
.gu.,.nt". B.rt 412·" 13/141 
T.kamlne . cou.tlc guitar :.. with 
herd c .... t200 .1.0 2 EPI &0 ._k .... 
ttO. 7I5-M11 '3nJ 
BOSE 901 DIRECTI REFLECTI NG 
SPEAKER SYSTEM WITH EQUI UZER. 
*32S 21'J. 1830 13m 
L ..... n .uto fo r $90 P.r month. full 
m.lntenanc. . no ml"g. cherg • . 224-
7146 ev ... 279-8031 .3/61 
HP 46 cheep. 4&3-2120 D.y. or .v.nlng 
or .,6 Argo H.II 13/6' 
Glblon E. 336 . V.ry old .nd In 
•• ec .... nt condition . w ith ~ t3IIO. 
Ev.nlng •... ,013/3, 
BAHNE SKATEBOARD - XI" Blu. with 
Cadillec W'-Ia. UMCI • tim_ COlt 
31.00 • will •• 11 for m.oo. B.rry . • , . 1'" 13m 

Audlovoa AM-FM c.r r.dlo flO. 
O .... ,nally ... 272-7aO 131141 

LED ZEPP£UN tlcklta for Mon. 3110 or 
Frl 31M .t SO 'por1a Arena ..... 1 .. 
11117) 
BONY TC-a Mlntatu .. C...ne DICk. 
__ . f111O. K ..... . -3111Z days. .. 
.z7 EVIL 1n3/101 

11M OLDS. F ... 7JIIOO mllea: .,.,., eoocI 
condition with Nbulld tMnem .... on. 
hat otter . • -DI7. In3/101 

IIEEL-TO-REEL TAPE • • P,.MCorded 
IT'I Dylen. St_. Tull. H.rrtaon. Who. 
M.y.lI. TI1I",c • • nd meny othen. " .• 
t100. GoodVlbeal-.m4. ln3171 

Leavln. country mult Mil Honda _ SL 
71 t3OO. Sony Stareo T .... recordaf TC-
510 f1 • . T.klng off.,.. "". 'n 3/12' 

Y.m.he 12 Itrtne guitar Exc"lent 
condition w ith ~'IIII · h.rd c .... 
f115/ off.r. 711-.,. f.cmln 31101 

! 
ADC St.,.o Amplifier . • 11 .0I1d .tate. 22 
w.tts /ch.nn.l • •• ud.nt condition. 
f121 new •• • t_l · • . Rick -~ . ... 
0171. 13/14' 

Gltane Blcycl.. 5 . 4)8Id. Good con-
dition. Medium f,.n, a . •• c .. lent for the 
actlv. Coed . .., or .t offer. T.rry. 
ev.nl".,.. -.-J'n st121 

8 1cycle • tao Int,. ,.",pu, dl.l: 133 . 
:no1 . off c.mpue: 45).7100 .at. 3701 . or 
_v. m .... g • . P.t., 'n 3/12) 
'13 GMC plck-up. N_ b,.k... newly 
rebuilt .n.lne. Gu.r.nt ... tIOO/ off.r. 
4124211. 1" 3/101 

NI.hlkl 10 .".. d. 21 Inch f,.m ••• 11 .1I0y 
compon.nt.. .xtr' wid. reng. 
... rtn • • fUll. 4I2·" ' L 1n31101 

Pale 8 Triton Times March 7, 1975 

LED z ....... ln tlcklta for March 10th 
concerti ..... Alk for P.trIck 131111 

'71 YW. _ .. m ...... , .... Phylli lIZ· 
44I2.lp3171 

'. 'uzukl 120 Fine .he .... 1. or ..... 
off.,. Camll" -'2217 LM.,. _ ... 
13171 

Ind"n Jewelery • ,...ona" pric_ 
22IJ.III17 evenlnga. IMn. I nll10, 

N_ C.m .... noIo Record IIde pull 
b .. k_ flO. D • .,. P.rrleh .~. 
ev .... ln ... lnll7l 

K •• tIe Hit Racine .klte - 2111 cm. N_. 
.... call AFTtR 5:011 PM. __ ~ 
1n3171 

Ov.tlon ~atrtne balledeer. 1 yr. old. 
Excellent tone .nd ectlon. Mult Mill 
... Monty.'-1 • . evenln .. lnl/10' 

Coup_ for Arnarlcen Car Iervk:a • 
T .. lnar n .. IAlign ..... nc •• Lub. ft 0111 
Worth m." lac. .t '13.72. m·-.z, 
D.v • . ln3l7' 

Add • nmlne Function to Your HP-4I 
SH.ht Modification, No eIec:tronIce. No 
Rlell. 1M HP .. for ... mp". D • .,. m · 
113Z. 'nlm 

Unlcom 2D2ISR Slid. Ru" Calculetor. 
All fnCl & Inv_ fnee. Deg ..... ,.d .. n • . 
W I Adaptor .., . 413-4'00 X 3111 Wortl; 
411.-:12 Hom •. lnl/10, 

Led Zep .... ln tick... for Mon 13/101 
Original prlc .. 183-4II41. P.ter In 3171 

personals 
Glggl •• . W. w.nt your bodyl r.ckl., 
nckl • •• nd F.tllp. 13m 

AN EARLY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO 
LEON HENRY IMARCH 91. HERE'S TO 
YOUR HEALTH & SUCCESS & NOW 
THATYOU'RE LEGAL .. '3m 

Gr.tchen to Blrthd.y H.ppy V.ry A. 
13171 

Rick O .. mined you In clinic Monday 
P.L 13171 

RTO . qu.rter. will loon b. over. get h.r 
whl" t. ... oettIne' •• ood. 13171 

ARGO .. : T~ ... plenty of IIIlore 
d_n on the wherf . • nd they .11 have 
couchM.13m 

W.ndy: Leta meet .t Muir FIeld nIIr the 
tr.. on Friday.t 2:00 O.K. Mille In 3/71 

To .11 th_ who enoeoed In ... me of 
P • ..out ThurMeY nJte.27th. tM-hM-
Thenk. So Muctt-Evervthlne w ... reett 
801lly13171 

Interviews belne taken for nlol. J .... h 
Girt. C.II .... rry .t .~ day • • ~31 
nl.ht.13m 

Robin K.hn. Blrthda~ co,.. but once • 
year. but with luck I'll _ you 
everyd.y. H.PIlY BlrthdaV. Larry F. 13171 

Horny to: H.nde OFF the laMUOUI •. 
W. hev. flm .... 111 on them I Captain 
Meteor .nd the Meteor Man. 13171 

To the curly heeded X· m.rlna on the 
Ith floor of the m.ln IIb,.ry. IAntrho 
MC.) Tu .. . 4th. I .m Int.r .. tad In 
hellrlng mo .. w.r .torIM. If your Into It 7115-_. 

The tim ••• k.r .t 20 to 5. 

Klrc ... ·Con.,.tuletlon.1 B .. t wl.h .. to 
you .nd the lint. wo",.n. Don't .10 .... 
w. _nt to be In the wedding. M.rtI & 
Mlk • . ln3171 

S.nsuou. SI • • I hev. noticed thet you 
hev •• n.w.red • p.rson.1 from C.pt. 
M.t.or I. m.r. ImpOltir'. Th. ,..1 
c.ptaln MIt.or ISult. 100 M. t.Or' I. 
.Iw.y. rHdy to milt the •• n.uou • • Ix. 
C. pt. M.tlOr .nd the G.ng B.ng. In 
3/71 

R . m.y your blrthd.y b. full of num· 
mled nl..... f,.u.ht with f.nclful 
f ... f. I, I.mp.cked with l.moca .Imond 
fudge .nd ov.rrun w ith n.u.hty 
nymphom.n"CI. H.v •• h.ppy ... lSorry 
t hl. I, "t.' Lov. L 13/71 

DMr Rob. I wIIh yOU ....... _ on your 
20th 'Irthday. Lov •• H.m. 13m 

Dr. Wille: A f ... __ y boarding ..... 
beck to IIWond_ lend. ...n.. I. 
........ II. Tathy·. _, .nd pointe 
betwMn he ........ provided for yOU by 
the cle. of'73. You mey pick It up et 
.ny locallUbduction zone. 13171 

J . CRIS GOU .. MET COOK: D .. IcIOUI • 
Thank you. H .... •• to your .right. 
Bri.ht. Sunehiny D • .,.. 13m 

wanted ' 
IIIEED EXTRA CA.H7 p.yln. Top DoI"r 
for your U.' . lllver Colne minted befO,. 
''''. K.n 412-_'4/41 
" ubjacte needed for phonetlcl ••. 
IIIrfmama. tzlhr . ... J.,. .t 31. PftL 
or cell X2137. lind' 

Studenta Inta,..ted In weekly .Ible 
Study or how the Bib.. ....t.. to 
everyday 1If.. a .... tIoni welcom • . 
Contact Dennis McF.dd.n. • .... 
13171 
Rld.r to s.n J_ .,... LMv •• rtv 'un. 
Zlrd M.rch. • ..". ..... _ only. 
Chrta . ....,. -.1311' 

Rid. w.nted for 2 to •• y A,... on or 
.bout 3-20. Will g .. dly .her. ... .nd 
driving. 412·11171 n 3/101 

Mori. Minor .ny condo Runnln. or not. 
Will ... y'" or up for who .. c.r. 411 · 
9721.ftlr I . 13/141 

WANT USED SURF RACK will ... V 
r •• onabl • . P.ul. 'Z12·1717. 'n;' /101 

H.lp l A.plring "w .tud.nt n .. d •• 10-
20 p.g. ".p.r on .om ••• pact of our 
court .yst.m by M.rch 13th. Mu.t be 
.v.,.g. ... ... r or bett.r will pey ' . 
Anytlm ... ,6,2. LMv. m .... g • . 

The Recycling C.nter w.nte to hire • 
wortl·.tudy .tudent to collect c.ns .nd 
".p.,. from campu. blne, 10-15 hralwk. 
Contact Student Employm.nt otflc. 
.bout the lob. 131101 

WOMEN ENTERTAINERS NEEDED for 
5 10 coffllh_ entartllnmant ___ 
Contact Connl.~. 13/10' 

Need ride to s.lt Lake City on March 1B 
or 11. Will .................. nd driving. 
Dou •• t.·I017. ln3171 

A trlv" buddy to go trlppl,.. with rne 
to Europe for the IUmmer. In ....... 7 M.,... .. -II17 In 3/101 
Ride to •• y A,.. atiar March 11. She ... 
G • .,DrtvI",. I,.. 715-71& In 31101 

Ride to Utah ISLC, After M.rch 11th. 
WII.",,1y aha ...... nd drtvl",. HOWIe 
412.12. 'n31101 

housing 
Need roomm.te for Srtng QTR: 3 
bedroom. 3 bathroom condo In Sole .. 
BlICh • _her. dry.,. dl.hwMher. 
Lloyd/R.uI7l5-1M21n3/101 

Roomrnet. needed. for 18rg •• pt. Ole ... 
w •• her. _n bdrm. bathrm. P .• .• call 
Kirtl 274-II21II .... mo. 13114' 

Sunny room. .her. hom. In Solena 
B •• ch . with two lit g .. d. .nd One 
wortler. Secluded y.rd. vl_. fl,.ptec., 
.nd tru.ty m .. tlff ••• Ural peec:eful 
.lumber. 711-21117. 'nlm 

Roomm.t. w.nted: Shere .pt. In 0 .. 
M.r. _n bthrm & bdrm . • 11 furnl.hed 
.xc.pt your room; dl.hw •• her. pool 
.'011/ month Incud .. utilltl ... 7S-1313. 
Ken . • v.nln .. lnl/101 

For •• 1. by Owner 4BR. 2BA • • peclou. 
LR. c.thed,.1 Ceilln... n_ .he.; 
bullt· ln. . p.tlo . fruit tr.... W .. t 
Unlverelty City near M.rcy School & 
Park O ... n Hou .. s.t & Sun l1l2I .... me. 
4I2 .... 'nl/71 

Roommetl needed Immed. to .here 2 
bdrm. P .•• pt. near beach .nd bu • . f100 
plu. utilltlee. 't.". -'J121 or J.net. 
.... 1 • . ln3m 

Ferne" roomete nMded to ..... OCMn 
front .pt. South M .... on ._h ..... 
"/month .. utIIItIM ...... lpJl1. 

W.nted Immediately. Fame" room-
mete: own room In Ie,.. 0 .. Mar houae 
flO/month. V ••• tebl. ."d.n. 
fI ....... oe. good folk. 715-1423 .nytI,..1 
In 3/71 

Roommeta needed to .he,. Ie,.. houae 
with I others • aprtne q ... rtIr. p...,., 
IUmm .... 110. tI1/month. own room. 
....... n3171 

F.m." non-unoker roomrneta _nted 
to .he,. 2 bedroom. 2 beth. Ie,.. ept 
wI pool. '71.110. ~ utll ...... ~. In 
1171 

Own bedroom wI beth •• he ... hoUIe In 
Del Mer w/3 othere .prtne quarter . .. -
1147. lnl/7l 

APARTMENT TO SHARE lmele' Fur-
nIahecI. 2 bedroom . C .. lrmGnt .. ml. 
.outh of campUl' non-.moker; M.rch 
21'./mo per ...,.on. Thene ~211111. 
ZJI.M3I. Norman 4I2-2U3 1311' 

ROOM MATI WANTED: Feme .. non-
.mok., .tu.nt. N_ fumllhed condo 
nIIr UC8D. She .. room '''' mo. plu. 
utll. ....... 3111 

APARTMENT TO .HARE Im.I.I . 
Fumllhed. 2 bedroom - C"lrmont .rea 
non·.mok.r; f11O/mo. '2 p.opl.1 
.v.l .. b .. M.rch 21. Thene ~211111; 
Normen 4I2·2G3131121 

B .. u. Oc .. n Front Condo. N.M .• . on 
Boardw.lk. Own room. utll. ".Id. "un. 
f.c.. ga ... g., priv.cy. 133 .• m.cm 
13m 

M7roomm.ta need.d for 2·bedroom 
apt. . L.J . VII .... I. near pool. 171.16 plu. 
utllltl .. ,4I2·1I03 •• ft.r 8 p .m. 1316' 
F.nta.tlc B.ch Hou •• L.uCld .. : She,. 
R.nt .121 F."' .... Only: C.II R.lnb_ 
753-2Z70 131121 

WALK TO CAMPUS - non-.moklng 
mele .rad needed to .her. 2 Br .• unfum. 
MESA APARTMENT. "3/mo p.r 
111l1Ion 12p'0II .. 1. Incl. utlllt'" M.rch 21 
Normen X2G3 m-I4351315' 

Roorneta _nted: 'unny 2·bedroom. 1 
blk from Bwch In Del M.r '16. Lynn 

. 711-1141 . I no t_ccoll n 3/71 

N.... room for aprtne quarter pm., 
cl_ to UCIb IL.I .• P .• .• D.M.' .nd 
.... than .. I month. D.vld -'7741 
1n31101 

URGENTI Room· m.te n •• d.d In 
bMutlful3 br. houII on Million .ay lin 
M.B.' will hive own room. call now. 
-'3141. T1Iet' • ..".. In 3m 

Roommeta _nted: Solana INch 2 
b.droom. Creatlv.. .w.r.. non-
amoklne w_n _ 21 would •• to 
NY. w/ .. me . • ecky lIf.2D12.lp3m 

Ferne .. /M.1e roomme_ Meded Im-
",.dl.t.lv for 3 b.droom Condo. G._ HI.hlende. -'00 par month. 
After 1:011 pm -.au In 3171 

Room for f_leetud8l'lt In P~n·. 
hom.. Kltch.n. I.undry f.cllltl ••. 
W.lklng d .... nc. of campu ....... 
betw ..... 1 ft 7pm ".GIl .• n 3m 
Room.ta N ....... for Lar .. Apt. Ole ... 
w .. her, _n bdrm. bethrm. P .•.• Kirtl. 
274-l21li " .. 7.111 mo. • n3112, 

lost & found 
1 .ddlda. w.r",·up Mcket roy.1 blu. 
with 3-whltl Itrt..... Left on tlnnl. 
coul1l 2 week. '.0. It ...... ntlmental 
v.lu • . If found pl_ r.tum . • ·1112. 
Rick A .... nder. 1 n 3171 

Lost: Semtlmentlll '-rt me. from 
coconut .heII. I_he,. on Muir 
2121 . P ..... Mtum to TT offtc: • . 13/111 

LOST ON CAMPUS: C.r,.,.: C.tallne 
In.1 S. XIX . ..... 71 . • 3nl 

LOit In c.,.terIe: black wind bI1IIIk.,. 
"Sun Devil" lIttarlne. If 'ound ...... 
rlturn to TT. offiCI. M.ro 13nl 

LOST: 8m.1I .old-color.d .namel 
c:IeI..n. uh bole on Tu"'y 314 In H8 
1110. If found 2I1..QZ2. In 31101 
My U.C .S.D. notebook Lo.t le.t 
Thuradev 27th Feb. In 2e p'- rllum If 
you fOund It. Annie JIa.e1IO. I3I1OI 

FOUND: .Ion J.nJ.Found yOlif red beck-
PICk w/ ...... I ........ e" P.I . 112 B. 
Pick UP In TT off. IJI7I 

services 
NIId help In F .. nch7 For tutortne oel 
......ln3/101 

IntlMlted In CMltlne end IIvIntt on e 
f.rmlng commune In north.r 
C.llfomle7 ... _ only. lind MIt· 
eddrnaed .tamped --'ope to: Futu,. 
F,..k Fermere P.O .• 0. _ "n 0"'0 . 
C. .• I21.lp3/7) 

HAIRCUT. on cempul by e 
profwalonel. "'cut. Cell M.,... . -
.. on 8th ftoor TJoee. H-II.IJI7I 

TYPiIT. F .... Vary low .. til. Can 
R.chel .t 4I3-1Z72. 1317) 

Tutortne: mathemetlca end phyaice. ell 
IIvIII. ...... lp3/71 

AMAZINGLy, ... your V.W tuned for. 
.peelel.' • .•. lit tha little .u...,. do 
It. 217-411,.. Laon.'n31101 

VW II Lug mounted TI,. white naugh 
Dou,*l_ • VW other VW 111111 ••• 
•• . -.., • . 1n3/101 

Tune u .... lube .nd all. brek ... minor 
r.palr. low PriCM . good work. Mik. 
412·1"2 13/51 
Incom. T.x • DI.count etud.nte • • taff. 
f.cuJty. 7a·.Dleft.r4 pm 14/141 

TYPISTS: I.M· T.rm p_p.rl 
theMal dl....utlon.l.tc. 
Edltlng/ RUSH JOBs/Xero • • Andl: 4IS-
... ta1141 
. . 

RESEARCH AIDS . C ... de·. ..ront 
"""c • . For c.ta!otlu •• end tz to: E_v 
ServIcea, 17 lpadlna Ave.. No. 2l1li. 
Toronto. CaMdi. Campua ,...,...,.. 

. tatlvll reQulr811. P ..... wrtta. 11111 
TYPING - MARILYN would Ilk. to type 
your ... per. theIIe. etc. .he Ie e.-
perlencacl on •• typM Of .......... tnt. 
_oneb ... nd .... cOFf'llCtlng I.M . 
P ..... cal her .t .. ,... 13II' 
LEARN how MIlly 80b Hepbum rne. 
...... weekly for coleee. Helpa 
etudantl ... atartId QUickly In .mazlng · 
. ..en dme '"'*-e. Meke money tHe 
weeki Wrftle Immedletetv. H",bum. 
Dept. 1U1, lox T7Z7. Ven Nuye. CA 
""n~ 

travel 
SOUTH AMERICA 8> GALA'A008 
ilLES 2-4 Month Expart_. Iow·ooat 
Brochur.: NEWWORLD 
EDUCAnONAL TRIPI .-0 .OX 2111 
81111 .... Ca.., l212li 

EUROPE-18RAEL·AFRICA-ORIENT. 
Stud.nt fllghtl veer round. Contact: 
IICA. "117 lin Vincente .lvd. No.4. 
LA. CllIf . .... Tel: 12131 ......... 
,.. IP 31141 

SSW T,."ei OffIc. - ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY •• ORIENT CHARYlII • . 
Int'I Student 10. Eu .. lI. HOItII Carda. 
Trlppl", M,,,llne. etc. UClD In-
temetlonel Canter 412'- 11 .m-4 pm 
M.W.F.ONLYCIoHdT_Thu,.. piIlM. 

CHARTER FLIGHT. TO EUROPE, 
ISRAEL. O"IENT. Low ..... _ lone .nd 
.hor. fUghti. limited ,plce. 
PROFEIItON. INTlIINAnDNAL ,. 
WMtwOOd .Ivd. LA. __ 12131.,...,21 
or 477·1112 . • II1II 


