
McGill: Movement Was. 'Anti-Intellectual' 
by John H. Taylor 

Edltor-In-chlef 

A former UC San Diego chancellor has labeled the "counter-culture" 
of the 1960s and early 1970s an "anti-intellectual" movement com-
prising young people who "in the end .. . couldn't feed themselves." 

In an interview published in the San Diego Union Sunday, Columbia 
University President William McGill , chancellor here during the most 
violent period of student activism, said campus radicals have been 
replaced by students whose protection against society is "some 
commitment to some special kind of professional work ." He said these 
students of the 19705 "saw the dismal state of the counter-culture and 
rejected it ." 

In the same interview, McGill said he was strongly opposed to labor 
unions for college professors. 

'Romantic' 
McGill said the student movement he encountered at UCSD, and 

also at Columbia when he became president there in 1971, was a 
Marxist " romantic ... movement of rejection, and it appeared to be 
directed against the disciplinary requirements of a technological 
society." He added, "The movement was linked to the anti-war ac-
tivity ... because of its romantic character." 

McGill also described a "disciplined and tough" group of radicals, 
whom he said were often confused with " the rather romantic young 
tudents." He said the radicals had a "sales pitch which talked about 

Just like 01' times., . 

UC Los Angeles Hosts 
Charter Day Festivities 

Outgoing UC President Charles J. Hitch will be honored at festivities 
ommemorating UC's 107th anniversary during the annual University 

Charter Day celebration tomorrow at Los Angeles. 

Hitch , the 13th president of UC, will speak on "Missions Imposs ible," 
a e sing his seven and a half years as president and what the future 
holds for university. He will retire on June 30. 

Tomorrow's celebration marks the return of Charter Day festivities to 
U LA, which were last held in 1967. Faculty and student represen-
tatives from the nine campuses are expected as well as the regents and 
other Un iversity officials . 

UCSD Represented 

The UC San Diego contingent is led by Vice-Chancellor of University 
Relations Clifford Grobstein . Karen Steentofte will represent the un-
dergraduates, Henry Brod the graduates, and Avrum Stroll , philosophy 
professor, the faculty UCSD graduate student Deborah Kavasch will 
lead th inging for the University hymn . 

Though UCLA will host the AII-Univer ity elebration, Berkeley, the 
olde t of th nine campuse , will hold it own ob ervance of harter 

D~y .. Senatory Edward M . Kennedy (Dem-Ma sa hu elts) Will be the 
PrinCipal speaker of the event and Will lat r deliver an addre to the 
California Alumni Association during it Charter Day celebration 
B ~kel ey was the ight of the first Charter Day celebration in 1874 wh£'n 
phtlo!>Opher Josiah ~oy e, then a tudent at B£'rk ley, won an oratory 
tontest Later a building at UCLA wa named after the age 

William McGill 

the oppressed and of trying to improve the condition of humanity " 
According to McGill, in the wake of the development of a counter-

Cu lture universities relaxed course requirements to accommodate the 
radicals , because "many faculty members were tremendously Im-
pressed with the romanticism of the counter-culture kids They copied 
the style; they copied the speech, and they copied the clothing " 

This loosening of requirements, he said, brought on pass/ fail grading 
and other " non-competitive" grading plans that were popular only 
until it was discovered that students who took advantage of these plans 
" could not b'e placed in professional or graduate schools " A a result. 
he said, students have stopped attacking grading systems 

McGill said that during the counter-culture period, radical t acher 
who really "didn't want to teach " came onto the scene, but left schools 
when the public attention was no longer focused on them. "A number 
of people with weak academic backgrounds were brought into tenure 
positions ~t that time. Of course, they are intellectual CrIpples, and 
they are still around." 

Radicals Not Popular 
He said that at Columbia "a few old-time Marxist socialists" remain 

on the faculty, but they are not prominent, nor are they " very at-
tractive to the students." The most popular professors there now, he 
says, are in chemistry and biology . 

Financial insecurity among students, said McGill , has produced a 
cyn icism that has replaced "the equally naive romanticism of the '60s " 

Continued on Page 3 

Assembly SubcoTnmittee to 
Investigate Student Elections 

The California State Assembly 
has formed a special sub-
comm ittee to investigate student 
elections at California's public 
universities and colleges. The 
committee, under A semblyman 
Tom Bane (Democrat-Van Nuysl, 

hopes to extend campaign and 
election reform fo tered by 
Proposit ion Nine to all elections 
In the state 

The special investigating 
committee which Assemblyman 
Tom Bane will chair is a sub-

President Ford to Visit 
San Diego Tomorrow 

by Mark Stadler 
Community editor 

Pre ident Ford will make his 
first visit to San Diego sin~ his 
ascension to the presidency to 
address the White House 
Domestic and E onomic Affairs 
Conference tomorrow evening at 
the EI Cortez Hotel. 

Downtown Walk 
Ford will arrive in San Diego 

tomorrow morning to participate 
in a breakfast at the Little 
America Westgate Hotel with 
various loca l news media 
executives. From there be will 
walk across the st reet and 
through the Community Con-
course Plaza to a news con-
ference at noon with represen-
tatives of the local press and the 
White House press corps 
travelling with Ford. Then at 5 pm 
Ford will speak at the co nference. 

Also scheduled to speak at the 
conference are eight member 01 

the Ford administration , in -
cluding Federal Energy Ad-
ministration chief Frank Zarb and 
Jame T. Lynn , director of the 
Office of Budg ot and 
Management . In attendance will 
be several hundred labor , 
management and con sumer 
group leaders. Mayor Pete Wilson 
will assist in opening the con-
ference, which will be closed to 
the public. 

California Trip 
Ford 's viSit to San Diego is part 

of an expected two week foray 
through California . It began 
Sunday with an Easter trip to 
Palm Springs after the Pre ident 
signed into law the $22 billion tax 
rebate bill Saturday ev nlng. 
Currently Ford is at the Elk Hill 
Naval Petroleum Reserve near 
Bakersfield, and from there he 
Will proceed to San Diego, and 
probably an Franci co on April 
4. 

committee of the A sem bi 
Election s and Reapportionm ent 
Committee 

Deceptive Practices 
" umerou complaint s have 

reached assembly member from 
all parts of the tate which allege 
deceptive election pro cedurp 
and practice ," Bane said 

" Becau e campus leader \\ ill 
one day be our leader , It " 
crit ical to our elect ive proce s 
that th e 'tra ining ground' be 
above reproach," Bane co n-
tinued 

Bane's ubcomm ltte e w ill 
Inve tigate tudent election at 
tate college and un lver Itle , a 

well a community college , al l 0 1 
wh Ich receive tat~funG s 

" tud nts mu t be expo ed to 
the most pure elect Ion pract Ices 
Student bod elect ion hould b 
models for all elective procedur , 
and ce rtainly hould ha v 
afeguards equal to publ iC 

election tudents hould be 
assured of the ame Integrl! In 
voting procedure a the general 
voting public ," Bane tated 

Road to Corruption 
The Valley legl lator expre ed 

the con cern of t ud nt I ad r 
and admln I trator who fear that 
unfair elective procedure on the 
college campu may erv a a 
training ground for politI al 
orruptlon rather than leading th 
trong tr nd toward reforming 
PUriOUS electtve activity dnd 

openln' campaign and ex -
penditure to er t publi c 

ruttn y 
"No! on I ar 0 ur publici 

elected r we entatlv s required 
to b a cOLlntabl to the vot er, 
but all lev,' 1 ot el cted and 
appoint ed I( ader mu t observe 
that rule," Han on luded 

I he Inve tl 'at I ub -
lommltt on tud nt [I tlon\ 
h "ad Will \(>ek to d fll" :I-w 
probl m\ and mak \ug!w\tlon\ 
tor corre tlon , If need d, to t'w 
ll'gl .. latur(' 

Ht'dflnl4 ddt('\ and 10< itt IOn' 
\\111 1)(' \( h('Ciult'd and puhl "h .. d 
h\ B,lnl''' \UO( ommltH'" 



Montgomery Reed 
Who is Behind the 'Mandatory Fee' Question? 

A week or sc. ~o I received a phone call from Sara 
Lowen of the Tri n Times. In all other respects it was a 
fairly normal ar-the-end-<>f-the-quarter day. After 
contributing ano~her six or seven hours toward my first 
set of glasses, squinting over the fine print in the 
reference sectivn of Central library, I was really too 
wasted to be shocked when she asked me to do one of 
their guest columns. Me? Why me? Hmm. Strange. 

Over the next fews days I 
conferred with a few friends and 
decided that whether one sup-
ports the ' straight press' 
philosophy of the T T or not, one 
cannot ignore that it is, at least 
presently, one of the few 
available means of com-
municating amongst a substantial 
number of folk at UCSD. 
Moreover, the world is ex-
periencing major new trends that 
warrant much more discussion 
t},an the amount received to date. 
Part of the beach at San Onofre is 
slated now to be closed due to 
potential radiation danger. Hmm. 
The first signs that the 'American 
Empire is entering its decline 
have begun to emerge: In-
dochina, Portugal, Cyprus, the 
Middle East, Greece, rising 
national and international 
economic and political 'instability Reed 
in the capitalist bloc. Hmm . 

In the midst of it all, and what I feel a need to get into 
today has to do with the fact that a new wave of social 
activism on U 5 campuses is signaling the end of the lull 
in the student movement that followed the end of the 
draft and the 1973 Vietnam Ceasefire Agreement. 
Teach-ins and scattered small demonstrations focused 
on the economy and other issues, as well as regional 
and national conferences to build new student 

organizations are all gainina- momentum alUl renewed 
attention. Hopefully, the successes and failures of past 
organizations, such as the Student Non-violent Coor-
dinating Committee (SNCC) and the Students for a 
Democratic Society (50s), will be studied and absorbed 
by enough people to provide a basis for a higher le'Jel of 
action and thought. Certainly things like Jeb Stuart 
MacGruder's Watergate testimony on police agent 
infiltration and disruption of movement groups should 
not be forgotten . 

The motley factions of the political right all share 
alarm with these contemporary trends . This is ap-
propriate because the entire system of inequality and 
privilege is being challenged, and rightist philosophies 
are invariably camouflages or rationalizations · for 
continued inequality. At UCSD, the new Student 
Cooperative has taken a few initial, and awkward, steps 
in expressing concern for a sense of equity and justice: 
opposition .to racism, sexism, and the senseless 
domination and manipulation of our lives and en-
vironment by the land-rape corporations and the rest of 
the corporate oligarchy. 

For these reasons (and probably the latter one is most 
distressing to right-wingers in San Diego), the Coop has 
recently come under attack by one of the more obscure 
far-right groupings: the Young Americans for Freedom 
(Y AF) . The attack centers on the so-called quest ion of 
"mandatory fees ." YAF's object is to 1) get students to 

• reject the Coop; and 2) remove the source of student 
government funding to prevent any central arena for the 

• expression of student concerns from functioning. Before 
getting into it, a closer look at who's raising this issue is 
much needed. 

The YAf was Originally formed to oppose SDS and the 
student movement in the late 60s. It supported the war 
in Indochina, thought Nixon was "too soft on com-
mun ism," opposes anti-trust, labor, environmental, 
social welfare, and civil rights legislation, and thinks, in 
fact, a democratic government is one that isn't involved 
with such socio-economic concerns. The mainstream of 
the U S right learned years ago that Keynesian and other 

government Interventions were needed just to keep 
capitalism afloat. Not YAF. They oppose taxation (and 
the $6/quarter Campus Activity fee) on the grounds that 
'people shouldn't have to contribute to projects other 
than those of their choice.' 

Such an argument is insidious in that it seems logical 
enough on the surface. First, it seems logical because of 
the way it is presented, because of the politics of 
semantics. 'Mandatory' in the context being considered 
is nearly a dirty word for some people. Second, nobody 
wants to give money to a governmental body unless the 
benefit is clear . When people are asked on the up-
coming referendum whether they favor a "mandatory" 
or "voluntary" Campus Activity Fee, chances are that if 
they haven't given it any prior thought, they'll go for the 
latter. Posing the question as one of mandatory vs. 
lIoluntary gives the impression that the issue is 
somehow one of lesser freedom vs. greater freedom, 
respectively. This is exactly the impression which Y AF 
wishes to create and Coop, by allowing this sort of 
wording has n.ively played right into YAF's hands. 

Quite the contrary, students will lose some of their 
present freedoms if the wording of the referendum is 
not changed and if voluntary fees are voted in . The 
Campus Activity Fee, even though it's only 56/quarter 
[one of the lowest rates in the U C system], funds just 
about all of the student organizations. The exceptions 
are those like the T T which get funds from ad-
ministration controlled sources like the Registrat ion Fee 
Committee. If you think thii campus is lacking now in 
cultural , recreational, and social activity options, 
imagine what happens if voluntary fees are in effect and 
hardly anyone pays it . Student organizat ions would be 
reduced to seeking donations and that means a lot of 
them would collapse . Right-wing groups with ties to 
members of the business community would probably 
have less trouble getting enough funds. 

The potential damage to the student community's 
vitality and cu ltural cohesion, which isn't that strong to 
begin with, seems more important than whether one 

Continued on Page (, 

Letters to the Editor Boston Racist Attacks: 
One Student's Political Autobiography 

I became a freshman at UCSD 
in the fall of 1972. At that time, I 
was enrolled as a biology major, 
my heart and soul filled with the 
overwhelming desire to become a 
psychiatrist, a professional man. I 
went to all my required classes 
diligently : chemistry, calculus, 
Spanish lin order to develop and 
demonstrate a " level of 
proficiency" that could be shown 
on my transcript) , and biology. At 
the same time I had the occasion 
to become good friends with 
Marco LiMandri. Marco was the 
sort of person that struck me as 
getting emotionally involved in 
all that he did, and it was this 
emotional aspect of his actions 
that kept up his level of en-
thusiasm Marco immediately 
Immersed himself in the polit ical 
affairs of UCSD. Meanwhile, 
through two years of existence at 
this school , I was cramming my 
books, studying my worthwhile 
hours away, and just barely 
keeping my head above water . 

One day, however, I was sitting 
in 0 Chem, sort of taking notes, 

when I asked myself exactly what 
I was doing with my life. It was 
that time that the startling 
conclusio n came to me --
nothing. When pressed to answer 
why this cou ld be, I discovered 
that the entire academic system 
at UCSD keeps people apart, 
keeps them in their rooms 
studying, and burns out their 
heads so badly that once studying 
was finished the mind simply 
stopped working. By becoming a 
biology major, I had doomed 
myself to going through life with 
blinders on my eyes, so wrapped 
up in my own education that the 
sum total of my existence was 
entirely negated. My life was 
being wasted in th hopes that it 
would be fruitful in years to 
come. From that revelation it was 
a short hop to realizing that this 
moment was a very important 
tim e in my life, and should not be 
wasted . 

And so I quit being a biology 
major, and became politically 
active . There is somethin g 
uniquely amazing about this 

Argo Hall RA is "Watchdog" 
We, as students of the University, are distressed to see that the 

Resident Advisor's job has degenerated into a mere policeman's role . It 
also concerns us to see that an employee of the University, 
speCifically, th ~ second floor R A of Argo, Bill Russell , consistently 
shows no resp~ct for personal freedom and acts mainly as a dorm 
watchdog, faitl lf lIy reporting the least of incidences to Rick Bayer. 
Russell has put a [lam per on much of social life in the dorms. Truly, this 
type of RA shcluld be replaced, in the future by a more socially in-
volved and frie'l dly advisor. 

JEFH<I::Y lvi.JACKSON, I)ANIEL OSBORN, 
ALLISON ALEXIS, PETER RUTTEN BURG, 
DAVID PARRISH, KIMBERLY NORDEEN, 

RUSSElL KRAMER, LARRY RAIRDEN, 
DAVID WEAVER, MARK WILKERSON, 

JANET MILLS 

Th8 Triton Timu, publilhed by the Communlcationo a.,.,d of UCSD, app .. ,. 
on Mond.y •• W.dne.daYI and Fridays during tha regula, ochool VM' '.IICeot on 
offlcill halldeyo) . Editorial .nd bu.I ..... offlc .. ar. located In 117 Blak. Hall on 
the R ••• II. ColI.g. eampul. Latle .. to the Edito, a'. welcom., and .hould be 
typ.d on • __ op.c. lin. on noncorr .. lbl. paper. Latt ... should be cone II., and 
tha Triton Tim •• ra •• <v" thl ,Ight " •• dlt .ubmi •• lon. baeau .. of oplca 
limitation. Or .tyl. r.qulr.m.nt • . 

For editorial. c,II 46Z.34M; for buoln ... and .d •• rtl •• mentl. call C ·la. 

PaKe 2 Triton Times April 2, 1975 

statem ent . The fact that it took 
me less than one quarter to 
totally immerse myself in politics 
at UCSD. How could this happen 
so fast? There is but one answer -
the Student Cooperative. I was a 
fresh, green political soul ; my 
enthusiasm alone got me into the 
Coop, and the same enthusiasm 
has taken me this far in my new 
role . I have only the Coop to 
thank for not having to be 
elected, or officially recognized, 
or demonstrate any other form of 
legitimacy to responsibility 
outside of my own desire to 
investigate and change what I see 
around me. 

I feel that if the majority of 
students decided to take a serious 
interest in evaluating and guiding 
their own existence, they too 
would become politically aware. 
If they were to become so aware, 
they would realize the soundness, 
the responsiveness, and the 
general virtues of the UCSD 
Student Cooperative. 

STEPHEN LOPEZ 

Personal 
Responsibility 

There seems to be a fatal 
tendency these days for everyone 
to blame everyone (or someone) 
else for all the things that are 
wrong. But perhaps each person 
has been playing a bigger part 
than he or she realizes in 
producing the mess that we see 
around us! If so, how can there be 
a real change until there are 
individuals who take personal 
responsibility for letting a change 
come in their own lives? 

This, to me, is 'integrity - taking 
a good look at our own personal 
contribution to the world we live 
in, and letting the quality of that 
be raised . Maybe here is a 
unifying factor capable of 
achieving the world -WIde 
broth erhood so many have 
looked to over the years. Instead 
of the answer being nowher , w 
might find it "now here". 

HRIS FOSTER 

What can be Done? 
by Yvonne Hayes 

Memb.,. UCSD Chepta,. National Stud.nt Coelitlon AgelMt Reciom 

On May 17, 1954 the Supreme Court ruled school segregation un-
constitutional. Despite efforts by the Boston black community and its 
supporters, progress toward desegregation in that city has been slow, 
imped d from the outset by the racist Boston School Committee The 
June 21, 1974 decision by Federal District Judge W . Arthur Garrity, 
ordering immediate desegregation, led to the implementation of th 
first phase of a desegregation plan last fall Phase 2, the completion of 
desegregation, is to go into effect this coming September. 

Resistance to the Garrity decision has been openly encourag d by 
both the School Committee and the Boston City Council. Although it is 
claimed that the opposition to the plan arises out of o.bjections to 
busing, the opponents of busing were silent during previous years 
when busing was used to maintain s gregation. This, and the par-
ticipation of groups such as the Ku Klux Klan and the American Na zi 
Party in the . anti-busing campaign, is indicative of the fact that this 
resistance is not motivated by ant i-busing sentiment alone, but by 
virulent racism, the kind of racism wh ich has led to lynching and 
violence in our recent past. 

Mass actions of the kind which won the first landmark battles of the 
Civi l Rights Movement must again be employed to defend those 
victories for equality in education and to continue the struggle against 
racism in this country. It is the opinion of this committee that the 
action of May 17, ca lled for by the NAACP, is this kind of acti:>n . It is 
an essentia l expression of support for the democratic rights of th 
black chi ldren of Boston and of all people suffering racist oppression in 
our country. 

It was, in part, the apathy of students and other citizens which 
permitted these outbreaks to occur. Continued apathy will perpetuate 
them . It is our contention that the mobilization of student oppo~ ition 
to racism, such as that being evidenced in the growth of such groups a 
the National Student Coalition Against Racism, is vital to the defeat of 
forces which endanger basic huma.n and democratic rights . The 
participation of students in events leading up to the action of May 17, 
1975 - the an niversary of that historic Court decision - is an effective 
way of saying that 21 years is too long. 

Sport •• ditor 

John H. Taylor 
Editor· in·chiet 

KathyCoxc 
.,cratlry 

Photo editor 

Blows 
aadCbeap 

ItyE ... nlSi...... Shots 
People Depletion 

WASHINGTON (APlj-Senate and House conferees met here today to 
formulate a compromise measure to the two so-called "Work 
Deplet ion Allowance" bills now pending in both houses of Congress . 
Legislators are hopeful that a compromise can be. reached and the 
amen ded bill passed by Wednesday. 

Representative Harris Harris of Walla-Wa la, author of the House 
bill, said the compromises being considered would, "in no way dilute 
the efficacy of the original bill I had in mind originally . I think, if 
anything, that the amendments proposed would further my renewed 
efforts to make it even more effective, I think." 

The bills, both of which originated in the state of Washington, were 
written to "answer" the oil depletion allowance. Representative Harris 
said his bill and the oil depletion allowance both operate on the same 
bas is : Diminishing supply . The oil depletion allowance gives o il 
companies a tax break because of the limited oil supply . Harris feels 
that the worker should be allowed the same tax break, " since his or her 
ability to work gradually decreases over time." . 

Economic Reforms 
WASHINGTON (UPA)-President Gerald Kupps unveiled his long-

awai ted economic development program in a speech before Congress 
last night . The plan , which included a provision for "wiping out the 
lower twenty five percent," bro·ught mixed reacfions from House and 
Senate leaders. 

The gist of his plan , the President stated, " is simple. Tax the upper 
twenty five percent to employ the middle fifty percent to wipe out the 
lower twenty five percent." 

The President claimed his new policy represents a turning point in 
the war on proverty. In a press conference held today, President 
Kupps was asked what wouJd happen after the lower twenty five 
percent were wiped out. The President made a casual remark about 
"getting to the end of a line by taking half of what remains" and then 
ended the meeting. 

Most legislators on Capito l Hill declined to comment, pending 
further study of the President's speech, though all admitted it to be 
controversial . 

Arabi~n Abdications 
MECCA (AIP)- Saudi Arabia's new monarch, King Khaled ibn Abdul 

Aziz, made a brief statement on the government owned radio station 
QFEZ yesterday. Excerpts follow 

" I speak to my fellow Arabians and concerned governments today 
on a subject which seems to be of high importance. I am speaking, of 
co urse, of my recent ascension to the throne. 

"There has been much speculation about the foreign policy Saudi 
Arabia will follow in the wake of my half-brother's precipitous ab-
dication . I feel the time is now to make th i ngs clear. 

" I wish to serve notice on the capita list imperialist warmongering 
ru nning dog lackeys of the international military-industrial-media-
academic-complex conspiracy that our relationship, which has 
hereto fore been based on the friendly and tolerant accommodation of 
differing ideas, will continue, as will our cordial relations with that 
great democracy to the north , the Union of Soviet Socialist Republi cs. 

"Furthermore, before I end, I wish to lay to rest recent rumors 
alluding to an 'abdication conspi racy' among Saudi Arabia's leaders. 

" I have investigated the matter thorough Iy and it has been proven to 
my satisfaction , beyond a shadow of a doubt, that is was simply a case 
of one man, one abdication . Anything to the contrary is purely false." 

McGill ... 
Continued from Page 1 

He said the college environments he has seen, including UCSD and 
Co lumbia, are " joyless, " and he wishes " some of the joy of life would 
return ." 

When asked iI'bou't co llective bargaining, McGill said labor 
negotiation between faculty m mbers and administration " robs the 
faculty of its professionalism." 

'We have a fa culty (at Columbia) which has a great deal to say about 
the way our affairs are conducted in both labor and management," said 
McGill. "Members want to see the best mathematician get a litt Ie more 
than the weak mathematician down the hall. 

"When we get into labor bargaining that whole structure of merit 
disappear . Salaries are determined by grade, and grade is determined 
by senority, and the whole business is handled by a negotiator that the 
faculty can't co ntrol." 

" Labor bargain goes by adversary roles. It changes the profeSSional 
character of the faculty, " he said. 

NSCAR Meeting Tomorrow 
The UC San Diego chapter of the National Student Coalition 

Against Racism [NSCARI will hold an organization. I meeting 
tomorrow April, 3 at 2 pm in the Student Center Conference room to 
plan for its April 16 campus rally. 

The Aprillb r.lly is the local preliminollfY to the n.tional protest 
scheduled for May 17 in Boston, NSCAR will also hold a rally at San 
Diego State on April 1 S. The orlanization is planning a picket line in 
'ian Diego on May 17 to coincide with the natiOf14lI rally in Boston. 

Coop OKs 
New Budgl!t 

by Richard Yep 
Staff Writ., 

Although it failed to elect a 
Budget Resource Group (BRG) 
coordinator, a post vacant for 
more than a month, the Student 
Cooperative Monday approved 
the committee's spring budget 
proposals for clubs and the 
Communications and Campus 
Programming Boards' budgets for 
next year. 

The BRC allocated $31 ,500 
from a total request of $46,000 for 
clubs and organizations . BRG 
member Oscar Moreno outlined 
that the BRG allocated most 
money for special program s of 
cultural interest directly to the 
orgil.n izations that made requests . 
In previous quarters, the money 
for these program s w a.s first 
given to the Campus Program-
ming Board to allocate. 

Because two candidates are 
withdrawing, and another is 
tranferring to Berkeley, only Tom 
Tanana and Alex Annala were in 
the running for BRG Coordinator 
last Monday. 

After severa l minutes of heated 
argument and expletives, the 
Coop lost its necessary 30-
member quorum and sub-
sequently lost its power to elect a 
new BRG coordinator. 

The spring referendum was the 
subj ect of long debate on 
Monday night. The referendum 
will ask students whether they 
want the Coop as their 
representative student govern-
ment , and whether the 
S6/ student activity fee should be 
voluntary. Tom Tanana, author of 
the referendum , felt it was un fai r 
to have the wording changed . 
After an extended discussion, 
chairperson Scot Thayer ad-
journed the meeting. 

Revelle Provost Morris Friedkin 
has formed a committee to 
discuss changes in the Revelle 
curriculum . Friedkin said the 
committee will halle a large 
student membership, and will 
work to a significant extent with 
input from students. 

The committee members from 
the faculty are physics professor 
David Wong, history associate 

mark of Revell e's emtence. 
Parents' We'?kend 

The Revell parents' weekend 
will be held April 18 and 19. 
Parents will visit classes and labs. 
and will participate In discussions 
with faculty members. In ad-
dition , San Diego lawyer and UC 
Regent DeWitt Higgs will address 
the parents . 

The Revelle Reporter 
professo r Barbara Shapiro and 
assistant biology professor 
Richard Firtel. The st udent 
members are Robin Mitchel, 
Linda King , Susan Schafer, 
George Pao, Mark Rispler, and 
Paula Smith . According to 
Friedkin , committee planners felt 
reconsideration of the curriculum 
was appropriate at the ten-year 

Also during the weekend, ViCe-
chancellors Paul Salt man, l3er-· 
nard Sisco, and George Murphy 
(fo r academiC affairs , ad-
ministration, and student affairS, 
respectively) will speak to parents 
on problems In their areas of 
administration 

Continued on Page 6 
_:t:_ 
W 

r----------JS ,. J i----------~ I~' ~ ~ 
SAN JOAQUIN 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
announces approval by the 

COMMITTEE of BAR EXAMINERS 
of the 

STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
of a full·time, three year day program 

of Law study to commence 
September 1975 

Now accepting application 
First year class enrollment limited 

Information and bulletin may be obtained from the 
OFFICE OF THE REGISTRAR 

SAN JOAQUIN COLLEGE OF LAW 
1717 S. Chestnut Ave. Fresno, Ca. 93702 

(209) 2514322 

LA JOLLA BANK G 
TRUST eo. 

WISHES ALL INCOMING STUDENTS AND FACULTY 
OF THE U.C.S.D. COMMUNITY A GREAT 

1975 SPRING TERM. VISIT OUR BANK AND 
LEARN OF THE MANY SERVICES WE PROVIDE 

YOU, SUCH AS: F 
R : Checking accounts I • • no minimum balance ••• no service charge 

~ : Bank-Uy-Mail with pre-paid post 
~ : Ample parking below the bank 
E 

-MAXIMUM RATES PAID 
ON ALL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS 

BANKING HOURS 
OPEN: MON-FRI 
OPEN: SATURDAYS 

8:00 AM·5:30 PM 
9:30 AM-12:30 PM 

YOUR PERSONAL 
BANK 

J'rll.'i/ }(Jel &- InlllJII/I> 
J J ,If .. ( ' I;r " ".1 ., -~(l f,." .. " '("'1)_ i _ '.,1 I 

I.> C) -()"l// 
li l!lII/wr F./U.C. 

Page 3 Triton Times April 2, 197'i 



More VIOlence in Hockey? 
Floor II(JCi,,' is 1TIpillly b,~o"'i"g 0'" of II" ",osl poplll4r i"IN",IITtli sports Hi"g 

played tIIl!if Sa" Diego. The!:cls sp.aM for Ih,,,,selfles: 
Last SPTi"i' there were 0" .)1 sefle" coetilea",s, a"ti i" Ihe me"s leaglle IIIsl fjllarl,r, 14 

lea",s were pl;1 liP ,,,to lwo tiiflisio"s. The ga",e has prolletilo be so poplilar thai this 
qllarter th,·~ . willoe bOlh a coetileaglle a"ti a me,,'s leaglle . . 

Ma"y p,wple hafle complai"eti that hocuy ;" ge"eral ;s too v;ole"t, bllt i" ma"y 
respects, Ii is "0 worse tha" softIe of the olher sports playeti here. 

Perhaps the artide below, wn'lte" by Way"e Lockwooti, pn'"leti by peT'fllissio" /rom 
the Feb. 23 isslle of the Sa" Diego U"io", might set a few thi"gs slTa;ght. 

The subiect of the day. if you 
hadn't noticed. is violence in 
hockey. 

All sorts of people are speaking 
out against it . some of whom 
have even seen a game. 

Most are well-intentioned and 
raise a valid pOint . Unfortunately, 
they also miss it. 

There is violence in hockey. No 
question. But critics don't seem 
able to see it for what it is . 

Their first mistake is equating 
fighting with violence . Their 
econd i attempting to discuss 

Stiffer Pen~ltift Needed 
Simply make every penalty 

involving the stick (except 
tripping and hooking) a five-
minute maior . Two such genalties 
in one game would bring a game 
misconduct as well. 

As for fighting, leave it alone. It 
belongs. 

Hockey fights rarely last more 
than a few seconds. There has 
never been a serious injury from 
one. It is part of the game. 

Does that mean that hockey is 
less of a sPOrt? Hardly. 

Hockey fights rarely last more than a 
few seconds. There has never been a 
serious injury from one. It is part of the 
118me. 
hockey as if it were somehow 
different from other profeSSional 
ports. 

While violence, serious 
violence. is undoubtedly on the 
increase in hockey, fighting is 
not . There is less than there was 
20 years ago - less body contact 
of any kind. for that matter. 

The riSing crime rate centers 
around use of the stick. 

It is happening for two reasons 
- dillution of talent by expansion 
and greatly increased use of the 
helmet . 

" I see a lot more sticks being 
carried high than I used to," says 
San Diego Mariner player-coach 
Harry Howell . who has been at 
the game for 23 years. 

" Players see so many guys with 
helmets on they figure they don't 
have to worry about hurting them 
anymore." 

They are wrong . A stick is still a 
lethal weapon . 

Dave Forbes did not injure 
Henry Boucha because he 
punched him but because he had 
the butt end of his stick in his 
hand at the time. 

It needn't go on . 

It just means it is a spOrt of 
intimidation, like every other 
professional sport . 

If you didn't know that, you 
haven't been paying attention . 

On the intimidation scale, in 
fact , hockey ranks no higher than 
third among its brethern . 

No. 1 is the grand old American 
game of baseball. 

There is no more single in-
timidating act in sport ~han 
throwing a horsehide-covered 
rock at the head of a man 
standing 60 feet, six inches away. 

A New York Yankee pitcher 
named Carl Mays once beaned a 
Cleveland Indian batter named 
Ben Chapman and killed him . 

It might have been an accident. 
But Chapman was still dead. 

A punch in the nose is just that, 
unpleaSant but hardly permanent. 
There is something very per-
manent about a fast ball traveling 
90 miles per hour. 

Forbes slugged Boucha and 
inflicted temporary eye damage 
because they were mad at one 
another, not a very good reason. 

New Course: Visual Arts 198 . Jean·Pierre Gorin 
Will Teach Directed Group Studies In Film Making. 
Pre-Requisite: Three Quarters -Of Still Photography 
Meets Thursday - Friday 10:00 . 12:00 Mandeville 106 

BrushlNck Pitches D~"lerous 
But Tony Conigliaro was struck 

by a pitched ball and suffered 
permanent eye damage because 
he was leading the American 
League in home runs, which is no 
reason at all. 

Professional football has its 
little ways, too . 

The defensive lineman who 
slugs his blocker alongside the 
helmet on every play. The 
marginally late hits on the 
quarterback, e pecially when he 
ventures into an open field. 

Any receiver catching the ball 
in a crowd can expect to be hit in 
the kidneys . 

Because that is the most ef-
ficient way to knock him down? 
Don't be silly. Because it hurts 
more. 

And when he drops one, people 
will look at another and say 
knowingly, " He heard footsteps." 

Some ot them are the same 
people who accuse hockey of 
having a machismo hangup. 

Intimidation in pro basketball? 

Ask Stew Johnson why he 
doesn't shoot layups. Ask Jim 
Luscatoff how he lasted 10 years 
in the NBA . 

Ask Kareen Abdul-Jabbar why 
he has suffered two serious eye 
injuries. 

Accidents? Maybe. But they 
don't seem to happen to . less 
gifted centers . 

No one sticks a finger in Henry 
Finkel 's eye. 

Hockey is no better, and no 
worse. Just a little more honest. 

A Film Production Course For Beginners With Qualifications.ln Still Photography 
Required. The Aim Of The Course Is To Familiarize Students With Some Basic 
Problems In Film Making. S~udies Will Be In Framing Composition And Editing. 
Production Of A Series Of 2 Minute Films Will Be The Basis For Evaluation. 

BORED OF REGENTS? 
APPLICATIONS ARE NOW BEING TAKEN FOR THE POSITION OF STUDENT REGENT '" 

by tIte Student CfHIp • • nd tIt.lI,edUII" Sf""'t CMlnellln tIN Studwrt o,,,.nl,etlon. OMe., :bid ,,_ In tN 
Stud_t c.ntw; come 011 up"" fur",., InfDrm.tlon ... 

The _. :In MlO I. ch_ will b«:om. tIN FIR ST 6tudent m.",/Iw of the Sw,d of R_~. 

THE R E / . ORE : All currently en,0I1«1 6tuden~, who wllhtr.nd. U.C. "mpu. nat 'I"', .,. en_,.,«1 
to.ppl'l. 

MAJOR t;R I TE RIA: Tim. commItment •• nd _".,rI .. In _rewttt. Unl".,.,ty , .. _ tNt.ffw:t .ruden~. 

Th ... ISSUE Sinciude, but .,e not limited to: 

ffnenc,.,.,d 
In6truc1lon.,lmp'fN.",ent 
.tudent • .,"'CN 
.ffI,m.rI" •• ctlon 
I .. I81.tI" •• nd 01' "mpu. , .. uI.tlott. 
concw-nlnll .rudent ,1.1rf8 

APPL ICAlIONSDEAOLINE ISAPRIL 1J. [SIr,,,, bvr ",., •••• ,.." •• rlwde,./l 
Appllc.n~ will H.c,-.d by two,..,_I_lrtlltlnll_ml __ , .. oh _".." oI.n undw.,.'dUllte 

• nd. 1I,.dUllte 6tudettt from .. ch ump.,.. U. C. Sin 01_ will he"e two ,.", __ tl" .. , _ undwll,.dUllte 
end _ ".du.,.. 011 the Southern R .. , •• , Noml,."tI". Q,mml_on. 

$10, If you _Id 1111. to be on the noml,."tI". comml..,on, ,.., AL $10 r-.I to cam. get en ."",,",tion. SAME 
PLACE, SAME DEADLINE ........... . 

PaRe 4 Triton Times April 2, 1975 

An Editor in the Air 

Flying 
by Paul Wasr.~ 
"".1-' 

For years, hang gliders and sail;>laners have ridden the strona up-
drafts from the cliffs above Black's Beach. The newest organization of 
'soaring enthusiasts is the Associated Glidinl Club of Southern, 
California (AGCSC), which is spansorinB the 1975 Torrey Pines Glider 
Meet this weekend . Several weeks aso, the AGCSC held a weekend 
aside for members of the press to take advantage of the winds to see 
what glidinl is all about. 

Having never ridden in an aircraft smaller than a 737, I was a bit 
apprehensive at first, noticinl how much the glider shook and wobbled 
during the takeoff . To make matters worse for my flight I was placed in 
the foreward seat of the glider . The pilot of my glider was a guy named 

UCSD Soaring Cillb glUier 0" exhibit ;" the Revelle Plaza last 
year. 
Mark, and after talking with him for a few minutes, the knot in my 
stomach had dissapated to the point where I could move again . 

The glider was launched by a winch tow, causing an effect akin to 
being hurtled from a slingshot . The takeoff was quick and much 
smoother than it looked from the ground: the winch took the plane up 
to about 100 feet above the runway before it was released . From there 
we were on our own . 

A glider is a very simple plane from the standpoint of how much 
instrumentation is required to fly it, and at times it actually seemed to 
be ~Iying itself. 

One of the first sights from the plane is the Torrey Pines golt course, 
appearing as a large expanse of green set against the brown of the 
surrounding area. What is even more impressive is taking a self-guided 
tour of the club from the air, which affords an unobstructed view. 

The winds were unusually strong that Sunday, so we turned the 
plane northward and headed for Del Mar. There is something about 
seeing the ocean off to one side and the shore on the other-It is 
exhilarating, espeicially when one is several hundred above both . 

From Del Mar, we headed back toward La Jolla, where we circled 
over La Jolla Shores and the Cove before returnir:'~ to the gliderport. 

On our final approach to the runway, it suddenly occurred to me 
that ~here were no engines or brakes on the plane. Before my ulcer had 
its chance fo run wild, Mark told me that there was a ski-like runner at 
the very front of the plane, and that after losing a sufficient amount of 
speed, he would raise the wing flaps to their full extent, and bury the 
nose of the plane into the ground. The landing was rough, but not as 
bad as I had expected. 

Theride lasted in all about 25 minutes, and it was unique. 
If the sport of gliding is appealing at all, go out to the glider meet 

and get involved. It is distrinctly different and very refreshing. 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 

. fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fitted 
repairs 

Mursmon.-:-'rt. l0:30 - 8:00 
. SlI. 1 ()'6 Closed sundays 

ports arena blVd . 
(across from the spor1S .enal 

224·2973 224·2974 

E E R S ® 
~. /-ttmI/ ~ 

~;~~ 
BEER IN THE WORLD 

~ 
G~LES TAMPA HOUSTON 

WILLIAMSBURG c:: RRIMACK 



KIN G 0 
%J~~mn~~ 
. ~.opx.. ~ 
THE LARGEST-SELLH~ 

ST. LOUIS 
COLUMBUS 

NEWARK LOS 
JACKSONVILLE 

Alan Curtis and Frans Brueggen 

Go for Baroque 
The Campus Program Board (CPB) will present Frans Brueggen, the 

Dutch recorder virtuoso, and Alan Curtis, harpsichordist, this Saturday 
at 8 pm in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

The musical interests of Brueggen and Curtis converged at the 
Am terdam Conservatory in 1957 when Curtis, who was on a Fulbright 
grant , came to study with Gustav leohnardt, the great Dutch harp-
ichordist . Brueggen was soon appointed Professor of Recorder at two 

conservatories, and eventually made Amsterdam a mecca for recorder 
tudents who came to study with this world famous teacher. He 

continues teaching at the Royal Conservatory, as well as lecturing, 
editing, performing and conducting crowded masterclasses throughout 
Europe. American and Japan in his speciality, "Baroque Performance 
Practice." In addition he has recorded over 50 albums for which he has 
won numerous awards. He conducts early music ensembles, continues 
in research and has commissioned recorder works from ilvant-garde 
composers such as Berio, Shinohara, Andriessen and Rzewski. 

Curtis, Professor ot Music at UC Berkeley, musicologist and 
specialist in Baroque opera, is widely known for his concerts, lectures, 
recordings and publications of opera editions, as well as on the in-
terpretation of Baroque music . Besides performing in America, he has 
given recitals and broadcasts in England, and much of Western Europe. 

Tickets are available at the student center box office. 

Pakwtani Troupe 
Set for Friday Gig 

The Campus Program Board 
(CPB) will present Qawwali Music 
From Pakistan at 8 pm Friday in 
the Mandeville Auditorium. 

In their native Pakistan, the 
Qawwali musicians who sing for 
the various dervish groups of 
Islam almost invariably arouse 
their listeners to fits of religious 
ecstasy . American audiences had 
their first chance to hear th is 
mystical music when the Sabri 
brothers and their musicians, 
Pakistan'S leading Qawwali 
troupe, made their American 
debut at Carnegie Hall in March. 
While the idea of religious ec-
stacy may be foreign to 
Americans , there is nothing 
mysterious about the rhythms 
and emotional appeal of the 
music . The Qawwali musicians 
are direct and dramatic in their 
fervent presentation . 

Qawwali singers are prac-
ti tioners of Sufism, a branch of 
Islam with leanings toward mystic 
expressio n . Their songs use 
romantic poetry as a metaphor 
for the love of divinity . Although 
th works are performed mainly 
in Urdu, the language of Pakistan, 
the texts are based upon and 
inspired by the classic love poetry 
of ancient Persia . For the 
Mandevi lle concert, translations 
of the text will be provided . 

Mem ber. of ",. "",,,.,.,., c-.-
mu"/,., e,e ,,,,,,ted to m_ •• 
T eben, elltlNN til 

SPACE -TIIIIIE end.E 'IOND 
The .erher/". II1II/1 ... , 7 p .m . 

s..ndey "'."/,,. Ap,,, .. I" ",. ,,,_ 
'''"erl_1 c.nrw. TIte e"""', e 
frlWld of E.,.".., _" "'_..,. 
wl/l relit ,,,,.,me"., ."."t til; 
"'ucrwe of ~"'. ."" ",. 
"'uttw. til _.." •• '*'- .,. 
dNc"Nd "., ",. _ ",.,_,., 
"".,.0. ."" ",. _.., .. III ",. 
0"".,.. E ." . D.,..." fIIIIH _ 
Pllb/I." Toben'. ..... lIIIItIoh I. 
.lIbrl" .. "T~_." E _".".tI .. ", 
tit. Unu_.J".", • . .. 

, 

The structure of Qawwali 
performances is largely im-
provisational. At the beginning of 
each number the soloist chooses 
passages from well -known poems. 
The instruments, two har-
moniums and several types of 
drums, spin rhythm ic patterns 
and follow the singer who selects 
and improvises on his original 
theme. While the instruments 
echo the soloist's phrase:., the 
chorus sings the original poem . 

Although Qawwali music had 
its origins in religious practices, it 
has become a ' popular form of 
music as well in Islamic coun-
tries. The Sabri troupe has ap-
peared throughout Asia and 
Europe. They have performed 
frequently for the Sheik of Kuwait 
and made a number of recordings 
on the EMI label. For the 
American tour the group will 
include two solo si ngers, a 
chorus, and four singing in-
strumentalists. 

The U C S D appearance of the 
group is made under the joint 
auspices of the CPB and the 
Performing Arts Program of the 
Asia Society under a grant from 
lila Acheson Wallace. 

Tickets are available at the 
student center bo~ office. 

UNWANTED 
PREGNANCY? 

~@@@J [}{]@~[?J .. ~@~~ 
«1«1(9)0(9> @> ~ ~ 
Women's 

Medical Clinic 

Theatre 

Simon on Simon 
Neil Simon is 'the undisputed comedy king of 

Broadway, his plays having never met with failur . 
Each represents at least one major Broadway 
season and most remain longer, sometimes 
runn ing concurrently. The first, "Come Blow Your 
Horn," produced in 1%1 established a precedent 
which was followed in quick succession by " litlle 
~~,,, "Barefoot in the Park," "The Odd Couple," e/ 

Simon has also written directly for film , hiS 
"Heartbreak Kid" and " The Out of Towners" 
becoming two, successful screen comedies ow 
Neil Simon has adapted his 1971 hit, "The Prisoner 
of Second Avenue" for film . The movie, produc d 
and directed by Mel Frank and starring Jack 
lemmon and Anne Bancroft, will be released by 
Warner Bros. at Easter. 

Though he is reluctant to analyse his work , Neil 
Simon offers insights and comments on various 
asp ctsof his writing. When asked where his ideas 
come from, he is typically reserved 

" I always forget where my ideas come from 
Literally An idea will come to me and I Eenerally 
Will not write it for a year or two, most of the time 
because I'm involved with something else. I don't 
think there is that split second or moment 
of inspiration when I say 'Ah , I will do a play 
about such and such .' Usually an idea will 
originate with some character who fascinates me. 

IIUsually an idea will 
originate with some character 
who fascinates me. " 

For example, the character for 'The Prisoner of 
Second Avenue' came from someone I knew 
personally, an older man who had been in 
business and lost his business and went to work 
for someone else and then got fired from his job 

" He eventually had a nervous breakdown and 
found it very difficult to get going. He finally got 
himself straightened out, but I knew the panic 
that must have been in his mind. Strangely 
enough, I felt that there was room to treat th is as a 
comedy. I don't mean to make fun of it or to get 
laughs out of it , but to see the humorous side of 
the situation ." 

Broadway has changed tremendously since 
Simon's first play opened in 1961 . He reminisces : 
" I remember when I wrote 'Come Blow Your Horn' 
I had to wait in l ine to get a theater. In other 
words, there were three or four other plays backed 
up I ike airplanes over the airport waiting for an 
open ing . Every theater had a play running a~ that 
time, and if they were all hits, you couldn 't get 
into a theater that year . It has changed now 
because half the theaters are empty, with the 
possible except ion of this year . 

"This is a very good year for Broadway, mostly 
because the English theater has made uch a 
tremendous contribution . However, the price of 
the tickets has made it sbmewhat difficult for 
young people to go to the theater . It's always been 
difficult, but when I first started to go to the 
theater myself in New York, you could sit upstairs 
for fifty cents, and today, those seats are four 
dollars . So I would say this has a lot to do with the 
audience being, in my opinion , probably 75 .,. in 
the forty years of age or older bracket . Perhaps 
this is not so regionally, but it is true in New York, 
which is why I am trying to reach a broader 
audience through films." 

Simon .1 1<;0 ~ppk~ that wldpr alldlpnn> h(>c itll~t' 
of th(·lack of com('(iy, both on 'tagp and in lilm .. , 
In n'rt'nt years 

" I'vp been trYing to figure out why that IS I Ipt'l 
\() happy when I ~ee something IlkI' a Mel Brook ~ 
or Woody All n pICture become a huge ~ uc ces ~ , 
hpcau e it mpans that there'~ mort> room not only 
for more compdy vmters and more compdy, but 
for a special attitude in the world to accept 
rompdy. I see people take life so seriously that 
there often limps IS no room for enJoyment of 
laughter I somE'[imes think that people have lo ~t 
their sense of humor, and It both ers me " 

Dpspite his deSIre to widen his audience, Simon 
has found it diff icult in somp cases to tran slate hiS 

.playsto film 

" J don't think my plays have been ClUlt as 
~ uccessful as screenplays a they have b en for 
th tage, because they're written prim arily for the 
stage They're written not to move around so 
much , whereas some of th e Original screenplays 
that I have written I have been much happier With 
as films. 'Prisoner,' however, opened up a lot better 
than most oftheother plays, mostly because there 
was a lot of action that took place outside of the 
apartment that we talked about in the plav that I 
was able to show in the screenplay ." 

Neil Simon had honed his sense of humor long 
before he became a playwright. Success on 
Broadway didn't come to him until he was well 
established as a writer . 

" It started when I got out of the Army and I got 
a job at Warners in New York in the mail room . As 
filr as writing was concerned, I did it at nights and 
on weekends with my brother until , finally, we 
went to CBS where they were auditioning young 
writers to create what tht:y called a 'stable of 
writers' to fill their radio shows with material. 
Goodman Ace was the head of this program and 
he took six or seven of us and we wrote a Saturday 
afternoon show which very few people would . 
listen to, but it had a lot of good comedy i~ it. 

" Then my brother and I did special routines for 
various nightclub comedians and eventually got 
on New York TV for years and years. I didn't do my 
first play until I had been writing profeSSionally 
for about ten years, doing 'Sgt . Bilko : 'The Sid 
Caesar Show: and so on . I was hoping to graduate, 
to expand my horizons and my talents. I just 
didn't want to keep on Writing on order, writing 
for one particular comedian and hoping to get a 
job the next year with someone else.' 

Television was Simon's writing education . He 
never studied the subject in school, never took a 
"writ ing cI ass ." 

" I'm very strange that way. Ilike to do things on 
my own rather than be taught something. I don't 
recommend it, but comedy writing and 
playwriting are very special things. I think you can 
get help and you can get assistance . but the ex-
perience is the best teacher. 

"/ like to discouragfl 
students who want to write, 
and then if they're not 
discouraged, they should go 
on." 

. F 
" I like to discourage students who want to 

write, and then if they're not discouraged, they 
hould go on . It's very difficult to encourage 

young writers. I hate giving advice, when it comes 
down to it. I think you have to follow your own 
dictates and your own in tincts more than 
anything, and be very adventurt>some, and 
frankly, not listen to anyone." 

QW~Q~ [Il~ ~[J)~ 
Birth 
Control 
Institute (7:30 6 11 :00) 

directed by Dilly Wilder 
with Wm. Holden, Gloria Swanson, and 

Erich von Stroheim 

U'A~CJj[mQ 
(9:30) 

by Peter Dogdanovich 
with Do ris Ka rloff 

THURS. APRIL 3, MANDEVILLE AUD._sl.OO 
-

I ~ 

• non -4)rofl t 
oubt lc ,.,.,1(11 

'IiJIIncv 

• Counseling 

• Pregnancy Testing 

• Abo"tion 

e Birth Control ' 

• Vasectomy 

... f; ••• :'" ~ .. a;&: t: 
<:'11 BCI for 

confldentlll _SilIanu 
1714) 283-8351 

(714) 560-5757, 

1-
.. 

' .. ge S Triton Times April 2, 1975 



trappM 
IF SO ••• \ 

,...rseIf lJecoMing 
• llleaningl.ss exlstlnce1 Med School Prof Will Lecture in . Eastern Europe 

Enter the wonderful world 
of Business and Journalism. 

Become an Ad salesman 
for the Triton Times. 

Contact Mark Woelber at T.T. 
452-3468 

At the invitation of the U.S. 
State Department, Dr. William F. 
Friedman, chief of pediatric 
cardiology at University Hospital 
and ~rofessor of pediatrics at 
UCSD School of Medicine, will 
visit three Eastern European 
capitals in May to lecture on 
pediatric heart disease. 

Dr. Friedman will be part ot a 
national four-man faculty touring 
Warsaw, Budapest and Prague 
May 14-29 for the 39th world 
circ uit course of the American 
College of Cardiology. The group 
will address students, physicians 
and scientists concerning new 
developments in cardiology . The 
American doctors will also hold 
problem clinics in the hospitals 
regarding specific patients . 

... II' .................................................................. .. 

The other members of the 
faculty team are Dr. Henry D. 
M cintosh, Baylor College or 
Medicine, Houston; Dr . Dwight 
E. Harken, Harvard Medical 
School, and Dr. james V . Warren 
of Ohio State University College 

p:a-:o::o_o:ccr....ca::t::.:cc·::Cft H UC,S_D. CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD presents ...... ,. 
a Qaw'K1ili- tryJAusic ~aturday, APRIL 5 8pm -I g C/ ~.I1 Virtuoso Recorder-~4 :trol1l CPakistall FRANS BRUEGGEN 

~~ and ~ Frid~~, APRIL. 4 8pm CURTIS •. InspIring devotional music ALAN 
~ of the Sufis. - Harpsichordist 

~~ MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM ~ H UCSD Student - $2or $3 General Admission - $3 or $4 
a Tickets Available: Student Center Box Office l 

~~ 452-4559 or 452-4090 
: :\;a; .. :a. .... .,,;f.;,. .... .a;w.a:'.·.· •• :s: .. :s:.':. .... .e: .. ;a; .... II ... A ..... A ..... A .... A .... ~I~ .......... ;W'~.,; .............. 6 ................ ...-.;t~1 ~v. ... '9! .. :v ... :;: ... '9! ... '9!.a. •• :;: •• :v ... :;' .. .:;: .. :;:to;._ .. :;: .. :;' ... :;: .. :;: ... ~ - .... ~ ............ -~ ........... ,. ..... ~~- • 

1'()f)ll 
III(~II1'111)'S 
Going into Business Event 

for Guys • for Gals • for Kids 
In \.a Jolla now we've got 1t all together 
- e lery clothing thing for your entire 
larr Ily at easygoing prices . 
No :lne knows Levi's better than fuu, 
Rlc'lard's. And Poor Richard's has 
sup~r Ideas lor spring and summer in· 
to",n and out-country casual wear ... 

even drpss ups for both Guys and Gals. 
Matching coordinates .. . men 's light 
weight jackets . . . color-happy blouses 
for gals ... '75 style belts With the La 
Jolla fla ir. Depend on two great names: 
Poor Richard 's and Levi 's, and welcome 
to the new ... 

upstairs - "aliUle .bovethe ordinary" 

1)()C)lllll(;IIlUU)'S 
Pearl & La Jolla La J,lIa. California 

Page 6 Triton Times April 2, 1975 

of Medicine, Columbus. 
A number of research projects 

currently underway at the UCSD-
University Hospital Medical 
Center are listed for discussion, 
Dr. Friedman said, including the 
use of ultrasound and nuclear 
medicine tests in cardiac 
diagnosis. Dr. Friedman will also 
detail the experimental work 
going on here in fetal cardiac 
surgery for the purpose of 
studying the developing heart 
before birth and the alterations in 

its basic properties when heart 
malformations occur. 

Revelle ... 
Continued from Pille 3 

Dililbled Students 
The Center for di sabled 

students is now located in the 
corner office of the Revelle 
Commons, where the information 
center was at the beginning of the 
year . 

Shapiro Exhibit in 
Mandeville Art Gallery 

A retrospective exhibition of the work of Miriam Schapiro in the 
Mandeville Art Gallery has opened and will run until April 27 . Schapiro 
is a well known artist both in New York and on the West Coast and has 
been exhibiting extensively since the mid 1950's. The exhibition is 
entit led " M iriam Schapiro : The Computer, The Shrine and The 
Dollhouse" and will document her career from about 1963 to present. 

Schapiro's early work grew out of the late Abstract Expressionist 
movement . During the late 1960's her work grew into geometric ab-
stractionist works which manipulated perspective views of various 
shapes-including an imaginary alphabet. At this time, she becam 
interested in using the computer to facilitate these works and a number 
of the later pieces from this period were drawn with the aid of a 
computer. Schapiro was then teaching at UC San Diego. 

In 1970, she left San Diego to join the faculty at the California In -
stitute of the Arts, founding the Feminist Program there with Judy 
Chicago. The Shrine paintings from this period are generally narrow 
and arched in shape and deal with ideas concerning the roles of the 
artist, the roles of a woman, and her perception of the world . 

In 1972 the Feminist Program at Cal Arts organized a large exhibition 
titled "Womanhouse" in which a number of women presented their 
works in a house they rented in Hollywood. Schapiro's piece was the 
Oollhouse. This work was a turning point in Schapiro's artistic career, 
as she then began to work in large scale paintings using fabric and 
other materials to produce a series of "collage" paintings. 

There is an extensive catalog accompanying the exhibition which 
includes reprints of articles on Miriam Schapiro by Dore Ashton and 
Linda Nochlin, and an interview with the artist by gallery director, 
Moira Roth . An annotated biography and elaborate bibliography is also 
in the catalog. 

Gallery hours are 12-5 Sunday through Friday. An opening reception 
will be held on Wednesday, April 2 from 7-9 pm. 

Reed ... 
Continued from Page 2 

agrees with funding any particular group. While I 
strongly object to YAF getting even a --penny of my 
money, I'd sooner see that happen than see UCSD's 
social environment become any co lder, more 
alienating, isolating, and impersonal. Thank to I ss 
than a half-dozen quasi-john Bircher-joseph Mc-
Carthyite-crackpots, students are now faced with the 
opportunity to vote for or against cutting our own 
throats . 

weslem 
Slale 
un"versnv 
CO lege 
OIaw 
otsandiefJI 

Is now accepting men and 
women who have a 
minimum of Two Years of 
Acceptable College Credits 
(60 units). 

Provisional Accredi -
tation granted by the 
California Committee of 
Bar Examiners. 
The J.D. or LL.B. degree 
can be earned In 2' 2-3 
years of full -time law 
study (15-16 classroom 
hours per week) . or In 
3'l-4 years of part-time 
attendance (3 classes 
per week ; 3-4 hours per 
class) . 
Graduates are eligible to 
take the California State 
Bar ExaminatIOn . 

Call or Write Today for more Information or Catalog . 
The Western State UniverSity Bu ilding 
1333 Front Street. San Diego. 92101 

(714) 232-6506 

Recent 
Courses to 
Be Repeated 

UC San Diego Extension has 
asked three of its most respected 
instructors to come back spring 
quarter and repeat recent 
courses. 

j . D. Steyers, classical music 
disc jockey of KFSD-FM, will be 
back with "Exploring Concert 
Music ." Bruce Asakawa of 
Presidio Nursery will again teach 
"The Green Machine: Orientation 
to Gardening in Southern . 
Cal ifornia," and Karl Albrecht of 
the firm Management Sciences 
will repeat "Effective Business 
Writing." 

Another co urse which had a 
high enrollment the first time, 
"Abnormal Psychology," will be 
taught by a new instructor, 
professor of psych iatry in 
residence at UCSD School of 
Medicine, Lowell H. Storms . 

"Abnormal Psychology" begins 
Tuesday April 1, for 12 weeks, at 7 
p.m. in Room 2100 of UCSD 
School of Medicine on the 
University's Matthews Campus. 
Dr . Storms will survey origins, 
biological and envi ronmental 
causes, characteristics, and 
possible cu res for abnormal 
behavior. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD SANk 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Veteran College 
Enrollment Rising 

Improved veterans benefits, coupled with increased unemploymep·, 
have resulted in a dramatic rise in the number of Vietnam Era veterans 

see~in& college-level education under the G I Bill. 
The VA is now paying 5370 thousand daily in education benefits to 

veterans into San Diego, Riverside and Imperial Counties, the area 
served by the San Diego office. Veteran enrollment is expected to top 
40,000 in March, reaching the highest figure for veterans attending 
school since the post World War II year of 1948. 

The movement tQ college campuses can be correlated directly with 
the steady increase in unemployment. National statist ics reveal an 
unemployment rate for Vietnam Era veterans between the ages of 20 
and 24 of 19.7 percent. Precise official unemployment figures are not 
available for the local San Diego area, but the overall local unem-
ployment rate in January stood at 10.6 percent. 

Donald R. Ramsey, Director of the San Diego VA Regional Office, 
believes there is also a correlation between the worsening economic 
situation and the types of training being sought by young veterans. 
"Ninety percent of enrollees in February 1975 were for colleges and 
universities," he said, " but the number of veterans entering ap-
prenticeship and on-the-job training has increased only slightly since 
December 1974." 

Passage by Congress last December of a 23 percent increase in 
veterans educational assistance payments, combined with the slowing 
economy, appears to make college enrollment more attractive to those 
eligible. Single veterans going to school full -time receive 5270 per 
month . Married veterans receive 5321 with additional allowances for 
dependents. 

Some veterans, feeling the pinch of inflation, are using their G I Bill 
entitlement to go to school part-time to supplement their incomes 
while developing their earnin g potential. Single veterans receive 5135 
monthly for half-time training, and married veterans get $160 plus, 
depending on the number of dependents. 

ISRAELI INDEPENDENCE DAY CElEBRATION 
12 APRIL SINGERS, DANCERS, FOOD 

Tickets at UCSD 80x Office 
Shabbot Dinner Friday 4 April 

MuirT.V_lounge 
Folk Dancing 7 April 8 P_M_ 

Gym Conference Room 
Organizational Meeting Wed . 9 Aprii 7 P_M_ 

New Grallt to bU'}'('w·w 
Minmity Enrol/we'llt ;11 

U C FOJ'eiy Jl St1t d!i Ce JI t (' J'.'" 
A special grant from the U S 

Department of State will provide 
financial aid to minority students 
enrol ling in the University of 
California's Education Abroad 
Program study centers operating 
in seventeen foreign countries. 

The Santa Barbara campus is 
the headquarters for UC's ex-
tensive overseas program at 
thirty-one host universit ies 
throughout the' world involving 
650 UC students from nine 
campuses. 

. Th e grant of S22,OOO from the 
State Department Bureau of 
Educational and Cultural Affairs 
will be matched by S15,000 from 
existing University financial aid 
funds to encourage increased 
minority participation in the 
program. The grants to individual 
students this year will average 
about S1,OOO to some th irty 
minority students and will be 
administered by campus financial 
aid offices. 

The University has Education 
Abroad centers in Ghana, Kenya, 

HO.ng Kong, Japan . lE'banon. 
France, Germany, IsraE'l , Italy, 
Mexico , Scandinavia , Sp.lin , 
Brazil. United Kingdom, Irpl.lnd. 
and the USSR . Dr William H 
Allaway, director of the program, 
notes that in the past ~t\,!~pn tffi 
and twelve percent of the par-
ticipants have been minority 
students, and thiS new grant Will 
increase the number able to study 
overseas. 

"We have been striving to 
increase the representation of 
minority students in our study 
centers to be representat Ive of 
the diversity of American culture 
These students have had out -
standing success academically 
and in their relationship with the 
host university and country," he 
says 

Information and applications 
for program participation may be 
obtained from the Education 
Abroad Office located on each 
UC campus or from the main 
office at the University of 
California, Santa Barbara 93106 

Hi Fidelity Recording Tape 
Brought to you 
by Superscope 
SONY PLUS 2 TAPE 

2~~~ SALE LA JOLLA MUSIC 
Closed Sun. 
233 5481 d b f h d ((:192°0 1128 Wall 459-3375 

...... -............. p.r.e.s.e.n.te .... y.un;on~o::J:e:w:;:s==s:t:u::e:n:ts===-~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Upstairs Student Center 

IT'S TIME THINK ABOUT 
TOMORROW 

School won't last forever. Before you know it-
graduation. You'll be out of the shell and starting off 
on your professional or business career, 

Often, irisn't easy. Always, it costs money. 
And there's nothing like a little nest-egg to help 

you over the early humps_ 
That's why - right now - you should be saving 

at friendly La Jolla Federal. We i1ay. the highest interest 
allowed by law - thus assuring that your money 
will grow at a. surprisingly fast clip_ 

Your account's insured to $20,000. And your 
money's available immediately in case of sudden need. 
Start saving for tomorrow - today_ At friendly, 
dependable La Jolla Federal. 

We'll help you save for a sunny day. 

Ia ~ federal 1100 WALL STREET 
~MDLCWI~LA JOLLA 

Ok efftca II 34t5 s,.ts At.- ... , s. ..... , 
1131 c.po IOId, _~ ~ s.tII ... ltntl, r ....... 
Zl.7 ...... _,-~~ ... 

Gregg Rolie from the original Santana band on keyboards and vocals. 
Neal Schon from Santana-lead guitar 

From the Mothers and David Bowie,Aynsley Dunbar on drums. 
And two of San Francisco's finest studio musicians: 

George Tickner - rhythm guitar; Ross Valory- bass-

Visions of things to come: 
'!.Journey!' 

Ths is a band that has 
electrified the West Coast with 
over a year of concerts before 

they ever made an album_ 
Now their first album is here. 

And with all the new groups and 
new mu ic, we're sure you'll agree: 

t his is one that'll last. 
"Journey.' On Columbia Records .. , and Tu~. 

Appearing at : portS rena on April6 . 19 7 ~ 

W. ' Available at : Tower Re ords , 3601 pon Arena Blvd. . P rcl(tUll't' tl't H,\}y H.lll't.' 101 _ p'cdd 'tt 1\ l'r\1llw. t,~ \ A <hVI .... IOfl 01 t Il'f bt'll cu)d 0, )IllY Inc • 
Page 7 Triton Time Aprill, 1975 



CLMllPiID AD H~Ra: M.W."""'. 
4-1: T. Th-- 1-1. A. • be tHin only .t 
..... tI_· NO E.'( mONI. 

AD ANNOUNCEMF:NT DEADUNEI: for 
MOftIIIIy-Fri .• t ·' pm. tor Wed __ y -
Mon .t' pm. for Frldliy - Wed .t 4 pm. 

SEX CLINIC: Counseling on SexIIIII 
Probl.m.. W.d . 3·1 pm;' R.v.lI. 
Cou .. "" OffIc. I next to the Rev. 
Provoet Offlc.'. Judith J~""n. 
M.D.·Hugh P ..... Ph.D. 13114' 

OASIS NEEDS TUTORS: If you need 4 
unl .. of credit .nd .,. • Junior or .. nlor 
Int.r .. ted In tutoring • low.r dlvl.lon 
m.th or .cl.nc. cours •• c.1I 412-3lII) or 
com. to Bldg. 210 MC for Info. 14/4' 

OASIS IS OFFERING EFFECIVE 
READING .STUDY SKILLS. AND NOTE· 
TAKING CLASSES. ALL GROUPS WILL 
BEGIN SECOND WEEK OF QUARTER. 
FOR INFO ON WHEN AND WHERE TO 
SIGN UP. CHITA AT 412·3lII) OR COME 
TO BLDG. 210 MC. 14m 

COAST AND MESA RENT INCREASE 
Recently ,.eld.n" of Coe.t .nd M ... 
w.re .dvi •• d thet comm.nclng on M.y 
1. 1975 the r.nt fIItn for the r .. ld.ntiel 
.pertm.n" will be incr ... ed by 1i'I'. 
•• ch month. on • cumu .. tlv. b •• I • . 
through July 1975. R .. ld.n" will b. 
forglv.n p.ym.nt of the Incfll •• d r.t .. 
through July 1171 but will b. obllg.t.d 
th.r .. ft.r to p.y the Incr ... ed monthly 
r.t. in .ffect Auguet 1. 1975. Th. 
r .. ldent. will conti,.... to p.y .xl.tlng 
flit •• for •• ch month through July 31. 
1975. On Augu.t 1. 1171 .nd uch 
.ub.equ.nt month the ,.nt will be: 

Co •• t Ap.rtm.nt. 
Studio. .'02.00 
On.Bdrm.. 121.00 
Two-Bdrm.. 1 • . 00 

Me .. Ap.rtm.nt. 
Two·Bedrm.. .'110.00 

Women'. Center Ie 100II1", for femete 
voiuntMr to wortll or I hou,.. '-ONntt 
workeholll. JC2IIIaDen or 0'" or Dane 
.t4l2·,m .nytIme.14/" 

The 10 new Campue Apertmenta belntI 
Nt MId. for menled ltudentl. .. ..... 
p.r.nt. .nd/or .In." .r.du.t. 
ItudentI wit ..m. when .......... tor 
.,_ • month. 1"- .. __ lower 
then t .... prwtouely .ntIcIpeted .nd 
_It from the Chencellor'. deciIIon to 
provide ..... to the rwIdentI. TNe 
ectIon COnt8mple ...... nned deficit 
to 10m. extend In the ope .. tIon. 
eIthou.h It Ie hoped operetlonel .t-
flclenctee durtntl the veer win mitt .... 
thIe clrcumetence. 1114/21 

R .. ld.nt AdvllOr ApplicetloN-·plck up 
ret.r .. 1 from Student Employment 210 
MC. For Revelle _. _ Rick B.yer or 
M.ry Cox in R .. ld.nt 0.... Offlc •• 
Argo H.II. 3027. For Third .. _ 
R_ldent D .. n·. 701 MC. For Muir: _ 
Cleo M.lone or lInde Fefllfll. Rnldent 
D .. n. Offlc •• X4200. D .. dllne •. April 
11.4 PM 14/111 

BOARD MEMBERS needed to .. rv. on 
CALPIRG UCSD Boerd. D .. dllne I. 
April 11. AI.o. you can .tllI pey your ., 
f.. by coming to our offlc. .t the 
Stud.nt C.nt.r. 2nd Floor. Room 207. 
14/21 

P •• r Advi.or Applic.tion. for Fourth 
ColI.g •• re now b.ing .cc.pt.d. Get. 
r.fe".1 .Iip from the Stud.nt Em· 
ploym.nt Offic. on Metth_.. Ap· 
plic.tion d •• dlin. in April 11 . 1975 .t 
4:30 pm. For info J.nnl MurfllY or M.rty 
Conol.y .t 2!iIiO HL. 462-43110. 14/4' 

NEUROSCIENCES 249 HISTORY OF 
MEDICINE Cou ... Cod ••• , 1 1 Unit 
Cr.dlt. Av.iI.bl. to Medlc.l. Un· 
d.rgr.duat •• nd Gflldu.t. Stud.nts. 
14/4) 

COMMUNICATIONS 132 . LANGUAGE 
AND SOCIETY. ROSAURA SANCHEZ. 
Cours. Code 2921 H&SS 21110. M.W.F. 
10:00-11:00 for Info X4410 14/2) 

Th. Lobby Annex R.f.rndum I. In the 
m.iI. Pl.... fill out .nd d.poeit in 
box •• loc.t.d .t .11 c.f.terl ••• Stud.nt 
C.nt ... . nd Clu.t.r it C.ntflll Llbfllrl ... 
If you do not r.c.iv. on. by Frid.y. 
com. by Lobby Annex Offic. . 2nd 
Floor Stud.nt C.nt.r. 14/4) 

Interelted In PROPAGANDAl W. neM 
IntereItId I1UCIentI to form • epecIel 
lit·" eubeectlon on the techn!quee .nd 
netl__ of 'I'OIII8enda. Come to 
TEH 102 or _ 'On TTH 1oJ. or com. to 
Lit 10 office , .. He. 14/41 

&PiliNG VISUAL ARTS COURSES: 
There ... Openl .... ln VA ,. (Primitive 
Art Hletory • AfrolAfro Amerlcanl A 
new _!Ion hN been.dcIecI for VI_I 
Arb 111 IHard Look .t the MovINl • 
N_ SectIon hn been ...... for VI_I 
Arb 11C IEuropeen Art Hletory • french 
Rev. to 11141 , ..... contact the VI_I 
Arb 0ffIc. for _Hment. 14/21 

A ".t of the Revel .. 8enI0re who hey. 
decllred their cendldecy for Spring 
Quarter. "" hn been poeted On the 
boerd outalde the Revel.. Provoet·. 
Office. P ..... check to be certain thet 
your nam. I. on thl. 1I.t. 14/111 

The Third Colleg. Acad.mlc AdvI.lng 
Stsff Invlt ... 11 Third Colleg. stud.nts 
to I w .. kly rep .nd Inform.tlon 
•••• Ion .v.ry W.d. beginning April tth. 
2:00 pm to 4:00 pm. MC 412. Room No. 

~114/7' 

Student Com mitt.. Ag.in.t R.cl.m: 
Thurs. April 3; 3:00 p.m.; Stud.nt C.nt.r 
Large Conf.r.nc. Room. 14/2) 

ALL ARE INVITED TO THE CHRISTIAN 
SCIENCE ORG Thurs. 7 PM BI.ck Conf. 
Roo ... 14/2' 

Trid.nt Chrl.ti.n Fellow.hip mN" 
tonight .t 7:30 In the R.v.lI. Form.1 
Lounge. Ev.ryon. w.lcom.114/2, 

Meche M .. ting . 1:00 Thufll .• Chlc.no 
Studi" Q 313 1412' 

Tap CI ..... : Mon-B.g Wed·lnterm. 
G.ne .. 1 m •• ting Fri April 4. 4:30. MC 
409. Or I •• v. m .... g. for P.m .t 462· 
3791 . TIP .ho •• not requlr.d. 14/21 

8oc .. 11et Forum CoordInet!ntI Com· 
m..... MMtlntI 1lIure. I:GO Student 
Center U ..... lrs Cont. rm. 14/21 

S.A.T.C.H. Will meet Thu .... Nita It ... 
PM Dlecu .. Iprlng querter P ..... end 
.Iectlon of N_ Officll'ii 14121 

EAB FRAT meeting: Election of of· 
tlcere. N_ memberl welcome mit 
WED. 7:1D Bleke 4th floor lou ..... 14/21 

"FOURTH COLLEGE Intrecol .... eporb 
meeting. ,royoet Offlc •• 3:30-4:30 PM. 
All Fourth .tucIente wflhlne to per· 
tlclpete on w.terpoIo. _'. 1Ohbe1i. 
.nd coed .ottbell tNme .re en-
cou .. ged to .tt.nd. Spring Quarter 
IChedulee ... Inat Muir. ThIrd. .nd 
Rev .... Col ..... will be p .. nned."14/21 

TONIGHT IWed.. Apr. 21 M .. tlng for 
thoee Inte,..ted In working .t KSDT 
.nd .,. willing to work. to I .. rn whet 
fIIdlo I •• 11 .bout. 7:30 P.M . • t the 
.lItion In the .tud.nt cent ... 14/2' 

A .tud.nt chept.r of the ANoclltlon 
for Computing M.chlnery I. now 
form I"". First meeting Wed. Apr. 2 •• t 4 
PM. APM 1211. 14/2' 

MCAT ' ....... tion COUrH m .... _h 
Thure 1:00-1:. p.m. In B •• lc Sclenc. 
Building 2100. For Into 412· 4170. 11111 

Polltlc.1 Scl.nc. Stud.nts Union 
Thursdey Aft.rnoon. April 3 Low.r 
BI.k. Conf.r.nc. Room. 6 pm. All 
.tud.nt. w.lcom • . 14/2) 

COMMUNICATIONS BOARD . 12 
noon. Thured.y. Student 
Or .. nilltlon. Conf.r.nc. Room . W. 
need • quorum . TT .dltor-In·chl.f 
conflrm.tlon. 141 2' 

ATTENTION FOURTH COLLEGE: Cer .. r 
P"nnlng m .. tlng tonight. 7:00 PM .• 
At"ntl. H.II Loung • . 14/2, 

TALENT SHOW · M.y 3 . C •• h prll ... 
Tryou" will be held · Stop by Rev .. l. 
R .. ld.nt D .. n·. Offlc. by April 11 for 
Info. 14/91 

Bleck 0"", Choir M • .,.". .. Canter 
IIZ10 Thu .... Aprtllrd 7:00 E ..... V .... 
..... .,14121 

WOMEN'S CENTER'S 11T BIRTHDAY 
PARTY . 10-1. Frl Aprtl 4. Women'. 
Center. 10 AM opeNntI celelHdon wtth 
blrthdIy cella .nd punch. lpeciel 
bulletin bMrd on the hletortcel per. 
.pecttve of the WC·. ,.t y .. r. All 
.,.reona welcome. For Into - X3R314/21 

The Women'. Cen .. Ie ...-:w ... 
Weekly Women'. EnterWnm.d ...... 
on Wed. nlelda. I pm. I .ncI clime on 
Muir C.mpus. FREE TO EVlRYONE. 
14/21 

M.nd.vlll. Art O.II.ry. Mlrl.m 
Sch.plro: Th. Shrln. .nd Th. 
Dollhou .. I. retropectlve .xhlbltlon'. 
April 1·27. Oallery hou,.. .,. Sundey 
throu.h Friday 12 ... 141211 

Union of D.mocfllttc FlllpI_ ., MIA 
.,. conducting • petition cem.,...n to 
Itop U.S. military .Id to the ''''IIppI_. 
Rev.11e 'II,.. 11·2 pm .. Wed . ., Fri. 14/4' 

Dept. of Economlca S.mlne,. Fri .• April 
4. 3:30 PM. 3211 H/ L Prof.Nor Joseph 
Stiglitz St.nford Unlv ... lty. " Op· 
TIONAL TAXATION : ALTERNATIVE 
APPROACHES TO REDISTRIBUTION 
OF INCOME" 14/4' 

FILM: Tlrget. Iby P.t.r Bogd.novlch, . 
9:30 Sun •• t Blvd .. 17:30 . 11:00 by Billy 
Wild.r with Willi.m Hold.n. Glori. 
Sw.n.on & Erick von Stroh.lm' 
Mand.villl Aud . • ' . 14/21 

John G. Pinto. Ph.D. Alli.tlnt 
R ••• arch Engin .. r D.pt. of AMES· 
Bio.ngln.ering UCSD will .peek on 
P.pllilry Mu.cl •• nd L.ft V.ntrlcullr 
M.chenlc • . Fri. Apr. 4. 2:00 p.m. Room 
B241. BI.lc Scl.nc. Building. MC 14/4' 

Prof ••• or E. Widm.r from lit. D.pt. will 
b. in the Wom.n·. C.nt.r April 3. 
Thure. for I Brown B.g Lunch. 1412' 

SELFTRANSFORMATION WORKSHOP 
- •• rI.. of .m.1I group .... Ion. for 
consecutlv. S.t. In April. Fr ... for Info: 
270-5221. m-8933. n4-l471 13/141 

.---------Advertise·ments for Ourselves------------, 

Plon.er St.r.o H •• dphon ... TC·1. 
SONY St.r.o C .... tt. Deck. U S 
Div.rs: d.pth g.ug.. B C. glov ••• 
bootie • . m .. k & .norkl • • 1973 Hond. 
CB·4IiO Ger.ld: 459·5497. 14/2' 

$5 Large h.nd·c.rv.d M.xican Fr.m • . 
All $15: b.by b.ckp.ck. crib m.ttr .... 
S.fety Accordi.n f.nc • • Child B.lted 
C.r Se.t. 3464 C •• tl. GI.n Apt. 137 . 
S i.". M ... · S.n Diego .fter 3 pm Or 
w.ekend • . 14/2' 

&8 Chev. Nov. 3.p •• d .ix. 75.000 mil ••• 
run. strong20mpgMlli 481'()710 14/2' 

10 Spd Bik • . Sen.tor . 10 month old • •• 
n.w. C.II463·5191i After 4 PM. 14/4' 

n Hond. CL 3IiO in v.ry good condition 
$6IiO/ offer Or tr.de w / good condition 
tr.n.portetion c.r. V3-OI37 Ev ••. 14/4' 

HP-8Ii Progr.mm. ~I. c.lcul.tor. MOO. 
D.ve. 755-3130. 14/4 

Ski Boots . P.K. Comp • . High b.ck. 
fo.m·ta-flt . br.nd IJOw. r.o..,c ~ b _n 
fo.med. Sh.1I .iz. i. "'0. but w ill fit 
• m.ller. Co.t $180 '18w. I'll tske h.lf 
th.t or .ny r ••• o ,.111. offer. P.ul .t 
488-11n. 14/4' 

Sh.rrl. Sh.rry. Sheri · Pinocchio weln' t 
much fun .Ion • . So c.1I m • . Tom IP.rk 
P"c.,213-C24114/4, 

HR . A little I.te but HAPPY BIR· 
THDAY Lov. E C 14/2' 

Page 8 Triton Times April 2, 1975 

Att.ntton Und.rllng. H.ppy Birthd.y 
You Fooll You·r. Birthd.t.I4-11 Prov .. 
you·r •• bo.o don't d.ny It. w. know 
.0. 

BOSOI&II 
14/2' 

Kat. of Di.cov.ry: Get rid of .horty 
with p.rm. heir; your dellclou. derrl ... 
d.light. m • . 

G.ry of VolI.ybell 
14/2' 

NEED A PSYCH GRAD Stud.nt to teke 
cl ... not .. for P.ych 11 . • pon.ored & 
peld by " Lect ... " Not .. ·~ • n_ .tudent 
run org.nilltion, Good Mon.y. ASAP. 
K.thl •• ft.r 1 pm 434-1317. 14/21 

CARPOOL w.nt.d from SOSA .rN. 
Long hours T.TH. K.n 5113-253114/21 

Help l N •• d rid. from UCSD to South 
B.y. Mond.y .nd W.dn •• d.y .ft.r .ix. 
Will h.lp p.y for g ••. M.rk. 427·21n. 
14/4' 

AI!'JI!:./I _ on Skin and H.lr C.r • • 
M.k.up . from • wom.n 
knowl.dg •• bl.. Will n.gotl.t. f •••. 
462·9437. Donne 14/2) 

NEED EXTRA CASH? P.ylng Top Dolllr 
for your U.S. Silv.r Coin. minted b.for. 
1114. ~.n 462·932114/4' 

Sm.1I Refrlg.flltor. M.ry. 412·943714/2) 

U •• d Lab Co.t. Good Cond.. to lit 
p ... on 1 ft. . 180 lb.. Doug. 222·1711. 
btwn 8 & 8:30 ' .m. 14/4) 

Own room in 4 bedroom hou.e. 
Unlve .. lty City. 71 .110 mo & 1/5 utilitl ... 
F.m.1e w.nted to she,. hou.. w/4 
other girl • . C.II....-. 413-". 14/2) 

W.nted: Fem.l. Roommm.t. to .her. 
1 bdrm .pertm.nt .t Wind & S .. in La 
JollI. $92.00 mo. S.ndl ~ or 414-
2lE14/2, 

W.nted: 2 F.m.l. non·.mok... to 
sh.r. doubl. room in Slgn·up. for Muir 
Ap.rt~nts N.xt F.iI. J.net or Holly 
453-811114/41 

3 BR. PI.ymor Townhou •• 2BA. Brick 
p.tio. p.rtly furnl.h.d. only 1 month. 
old. Includ.. n_ r.frlg.r.tor. .p. 
pll.nc". .v.lI.bl. Jun. 15. 462·2131. 
222·23221114/11 ) 

Roommlt. n.ed.d for 2 bdrm apt. In 
P .B. Pool. .92.50 mo. John 270-01II14/4' 

FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTEDI La 
Joli. Vill.g. Apt. Minut •• from school 
$80 • month Include. Pool. W •• hroom. 
J.cuzzl. C.1I4I2·1337. 14/4' 

M/ Roomm.t. need.d Spr. Qtr. to .here 
• 2· b.droom .pt. .t II Jol .. VII ..... 
N •• r pool. jacuzzi. .71.71/month 
utllltl ••. 462·1103 14/41 

Roomm.t. w.nted. Own room In 
hou .. In Sol.ne B .. ch. Sun. T ..... 
Y.rd. PrIv.cy. Till June 11 . • . list 
m-onth·. r.nt required ... 2l1li714/41 

Incom. T .. . DllCount .tu_me •• teff. 
f.culty. 7II-G28 .tter 4 pm 141141 

You c.n .tlll.cquire Public Land FREEl 
Gov.rnm.nt Land Dlg •• t. Box 2217. 
Norm.n. Ok"hom. 73l1li1114/211 

RESEARCH AIDS . North Am.rlc.·. 
I.rg .. t •• rvlc.. For c.telogu. ..nd $2 
to: e. .. y S.Nlc... P.O. Box 1211. 
Ni.gre F.II •• N.Y. 14302. AI.o. c.mpu. 
r.pr ••• nte~v.. r.Qulred. Pi.... writ • . 
41 ......... lp 1/11 

TENNIS LESSONS: St.v. B .... tt 
IM.meb .. USPTA). Stud.nt di.count 
.. 37IIi 14/21 

Add • tlm.r to your HP.... No rl.k. 
donn't void w.rr.nty. S.m. dl.pl.y 
mod •• nd op ... tlon •• HP· • . D.v. m · 
9132. 14/4' 

Loet: 1 C.Ned gold pl.rced hoop 
.. rrlng. At UCSD; final. week. D.bble 
"lIMO. 14/21 

Loet: Wom.n·. n.vy blu. fitted J.cket. 
Mondey .tt.rnoon of final'. w .. k In 
Utf p.rklnglot. Pi .... · I .. p.rt of •• ult 
• R.turn .nd you will be .-.rcSed . .. 
~. 14/4' 

Found: Co.t on Muir 462·17110 14/21 

Found · Cheri .. Kltt.l: Introduction to 
solid .tsts phy.lc •• nd oth.r m.t.rl.l. 
rec.ntly purche •• d frpm book.tore. 
idet'ltlfy other m.t.rl.l. .t Student 
C.nt.r to clelm. 14/2' 

Found: N.m. Bfllc.l.tt In USB 2722 
Mondey. DNcribe .nd I .. YOUfll. CI.lm 
.t the TT offlc • . 14/41 

Loet: A cenv.. b.. with book. .nd 
folder i .. ld. V R_.rd 412-1170 In HL 
Aud. let. Night. 3/2214/2' 

Lo.t: 3·31 In book.tor. blue knitted c.p. 
H.. d .. lgn in pink y.rn. If found 
contsct Judy Muir Ap". Q·14 Or 453· 
1111. 14/21 

EUROPE·ISRAEL·AFRICA·ORIENT Low 
co.t fll.ht •• tours. the whol •• tud.nt 
bit. At our offlc. ov.r 200 FREE non· 
com.relll p.mphl.ts. brochu ...... blg 
buck. Hvln •• ESTC 510 W. Sixth. Suit. 
311 L.A. 10014 12131 123-2I211p1111 

SSW Tr.v.1 Ottlc. . ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY • ., ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'l Stud.nt 10. EUfllll. Hoet .. C.rd •• 
Tripping M.gazlne, .tc. UCSD in· 
t.rnatlonal C.nt.r 412-G13O 11 .m'" pm 
M .W .F. ONLY Clo .. d Tu •• ·Thufl. 
(pl/ll 

EUROPE·ISREAL·ORIENT LOW COST 
STUDENT FLIGHTS. CONTACT: AIST 
1714' 144-1333. 1742 HEATHER AVE .. 
TUSTIN. CALIF. a.. 1114/2) 

. 

EUROPE · ISRAEL & ORIENT Lowcoet 
.tud.nt flights .11 y .. r round. A.I.S.T . 
1 .. S. II CI._g. Blvd. Loe Ang ..... 
I003I 1714' .... 1333 or 12131 152·2727 
Ipl/l' 

CHARTER FlIOHTS TO EUROPE • 
ISRAEL. ORIENT. Low prlc ... Ion •• nd 
.hort fll.hts. Llmlt.d .p.c • . 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL ,. 
W .. twood Blvd. LA. Il1024 12111 171-1121 
or 477·111211111 


