
uCSa DNIO 

Fekrat, Kenny Sp~ak Here 
Fekrat Covers Oil, OPEC, Advances in Iran 

by P~tti Wolf 

Iran's non-alliance with the 
Arabian countries of the Middle 
East, her opposition to the u'se 
of oil as a political weapon and 
her policies of supplying oil to 
Israel and assisting oil-podr third 
world nations were the topics 

Amin Fekrat 

di cus ed Tuesday night by Dr. 
Amin r edrat, personal envoy to 
the Imp rial Household of Iran 
and Dr Irving Kaplan, a memb r 
of the World En rgy In titute 
and Fekrat' US escort Th talk 
commenced Muir ollege' s 
Gliest-in-Residence program 

Fekrat frequently emphasized 
the independenc of Iran in her 
dealings with OPEC 
(Organization of Petroleum 
Exporting ountries) and spoke 
of Iran 's resistance to OPEC 
pressure. "We have no intention 

of following the desire of the 
Arab countries to embargo oil. 
Turning oil into a political 
weapon is not right," he said . 

Hot Issue 
Fekrat also said that Iran is 

the only Middle Eastern country 
supplying Israel with oil. 
However, he declined to state 
Iran's policy concerning the 
Middle East conflict, declaring 
that Israeli -Iranian relations are 
" a hot issue." He expressed hope 
for a ettlem nt of all hosti lities 
" for a en e of justice and for 
the sake of peace.:' 

A barrage of questions 
concerning Iran ' (and OPEC's) 
apparent plan to trangle the 
world by rai ing oi l prices was 
almly fended off by rekrat. 

"The oil pri ri e is indirect 
respon e to the ri e in world 
Inflation . We hope that the 
industrialized countries will do 
om thing about world in -

flation ," he sa id, indicating that 
when Inflation recedes, the 
price of oil will fall. 

"The Am rican public is 
misled ," r krat continued "Th 
multi-national companies are 
th real culprits ; they have 
c au d the teep ri e in the price 
of 011 There i a war going on 
b tw('en the multi -national 
corporat ions and the re t of the 
world - they are trying to buy 
th world " 

The OPE countries are 
aidirrg, not strangling, the 0 -
called third world countri s, 
ontends rekrat " Iran per-

sonally gav billions to third 

* * * 

world governments such as 
India and Pakistan . And we 
proposed plans for an in-
ternationa·1 monetary fund 
solely for the purpose of aiding 
third world countries." Fekrat 
stated that through subsidized, 
long-term grants, the countries 
can " buy their oil cheap ." 

New Wealth 
Fekrat appeared more relaxed 

when speaking about the ad-
vances made by Iran with her 
new found wealth . He said the 
oil r venue has enabled Iran to 
embark on "enormous 
developmental projects" in the 
areas of technology, health, 
education, industry, agriculture 
and the economy . Jabbing 
western society, he said, "Our 
older values have becom 
dislocated, and new valu shave 
not been set . But we are con-
cious of the fact that the in-

troduction of technology do s 
not mean that we have to giv 
up our values and traditions." 

The possible depletion of 
Iran's oil supply in 20 or 30 years 
has prompted the government 
to commence exploration of 
energy alternatives "We have 
an interest in nuclear nergy 
and have exp rimented with 
olar nergy. We do not want 

the current trend (the im-
provement of Iran) to be 
rever ed ." 

Fekrat, a professor of 
psychology in Iran, is in the US 
to arrange an educational 
program wit h Georgetown 
Univer ity . 

Kenny: 'Teenage Commies from Outer Space' 
by Charles Heimler 

Doug Kenny, editor of the 
National lampoon, yesterday 
ass rted before a noontime 
gathering of UC San Diego 
tudents that President Ford is 

" to stupid to lie ." 
Kenny 's political remarks 

came during his. combined 
presentat'on of a lecture of 
"t enage commies from outer 

~ pacE'," a tand-up monologue, 
and an outline of the success of 
the ~ati rical National lampoon . 

ThE' highlight of Kenny's 
performance came when he 
IInitat!:'d a hawaiian ukulele by 
humming and breathing through 

hi~ nose 
An Adult MAD -

Kenny and Henry Beard 
founded NatLamp six years ago 
after working tog ther on th 
Harvard I ampoon . Kenny 
des rlbed the magazine he edits 
(1) an "adult MAD magazine or 
the fifth large t hate group in 

nwrica," ba ed on teenage 
Jok('~ of adol('scenc , puberty, 
,1ncl first tim(' getting stoned 

K(' nny Ii ted ome of 
atLamp\ past achievements, 

Including "Mrs Agnew's diary," 
In whl 'h Mrs Agn w hint d at 
whclt David I "enhower did In 
the hathroom With a co ker 
\Jlanla l ancl a water pi k 

PolitiC al QVNtone w('(e 
pre'va l!'nt In "'('nny's talk Ht' 
,h\('(tl'c\ th<lt there " IS nothing 
yOU (itn \ay ,lbout NI on thitt 

you can't say about Ford ... 
they're both f<nee-walking 
turkeys ." 

Kenny confessed to the crowd 
of over 150 people on the 
tudent Center knoll that he'd 

been a wimp in high school-"you 
know, one of those guys that 
wears a tie-clip that looks like a . 
slide rule and really works." 

Another of the amazing 
talents Kenny displayed was his 
ability to hum both the bass run 
and drum riff, at the same time, 
from Creams " Sunshine of Your 
Love ." 

Kenny concluded his speech 
by ugge ting that the taco is 
the best symbol for California 
culture. He revealed that the 
lEtters in TACO stand f(\( " Teen-
Age ommies from Outer 
Space," and that"somehow this 

demonstrates the mystical 
unities covered in our talk 
today." 

No Letters 
During the subseOquent 

question and answer period, 
Kenny told one student that 
NatLamp doesn't print letters 
from readers " because we just 
mn' t give a shit abou't what they 
think ." 

Kenny revealed that the 
National Lampoon radio hour 
has been dropped because it 
wasn't making money. He aid 
that several advertisers have 
been lost because of thi s 
month 's religion issue .. 

Most of the funny lines had 
been cut from Kenny's recent 
appearance on Tom Snyd r' 
Tomorrow show, Kenny 
mnc luded. 

Doug Kenny , NalLamp editor 

FritJay, jflllllflry 31, 1975 

Eden Martinez is New 
KSDT Station Manager 

Campus radio station KSDT has 
a new station manager. Eden 
Martinez is replacing John 
Mussleman who left UCSD last 
quarter. 

Martinez, a 2o-year-<>ld junior 
majoring in communications, has 
officially taken over heading the 
station after serving as a tem-
porary manager since December. 

Martinez epitomizes the new 
philosophy which has taken over 
at the station th is year A cording 
to the tat ion's executive 
management, the days of free 
form radio are gone, and are 
being replaced by a more 
professional attitude 

" What I want to develop at the 
tat ion," says Martinez, " is a 

school, a more relevant school of 
radio communications People 
will be able to achieve 
professional competency If 
they're willing to listen, be 
taught, and put in the time." 

Martinez sees his tenure as 
manager lasting until June of 
1976. By then , he hopes to see the 
tat ion obtain FCC licensing and a 

frequency on the FM non-
commercial radio band 

" The nature of KDST is a sort of 
hindrance to getting a FCC 
license," admits Martinez 

" Being a college station is two 
strikes .against us," he explains. 
" In terms of our educational and 
community function we not only 
have to match , we have to sur-
pass, professional AM and FM 
stations." 

Recently , former KSDT 
executives challenged the FCC 
renewal of La Jolla radio station 
KDIG . Martinez believes the 
denial of a license is almost 
certain and emphasizes that the 
professional development of 
KSDT is necessary to support the 
station's bid to obtain KDIC's FM 
frequency . 

" We are developing the station 
so we have a legitimate claim for 
that license," he explains. 

That development consists of 
added public affairs program-
ming, mu ical programming 
according to a playlist format, 
and improvement of engineering 
facilities . 

Martinez ardently 
philo ophical about hi role a 
stat ion manager 

" I came to U 0 to be a writer, 
to creatively my Internal 
vi Ion Communi ation off red 
me a creative output wh re 
literature and drama -dIdn 't , and 
my involvement with the station 
b amI" an e t n Ion of that : 
mu es Martinez 

Martinez bgan at K DT a V ar 
,lg0 as a new writer , th n 'ot Into 
broad a~tlng and now e cutlve 
'''ork 

" I ~ee m elf , m malor fun 
tlon , <1\ th tronge t promotion 
for thp \t,lIlon \tatlon an onl 
hI' ,1\ .. tron' a~ It\ mand' r lor 

the future, I believe the station 
will become the most powerful 
media force on campus," Mar-

Eden Martznez 

tinez ays In ummarl zlng hiS 
managerial role 

''I'll be carrying the tat Ion 
everywhere I go," he conclude 

4th Students 
Discuss New 
Government 

by Valerie Girard 

A Fourth College student 
meeting was held at the tudent 
center last Wednesday, at whICh 
six different proposals for college 
government were presented to 
the sixty students present 

Fourth students are present Iy 
attempting to form a structural 
government that will encourage 
students to participate. Instead of 
creating a government and then 
defining its purpose, Fourth ha 
identified several areas that need 
developing and have begun to 
incorporate them into their 
design . 

Student-Run 
Students ar now running 

different committees in several 
areas. The social committee wa 
present at the me ting Wed-
nesday, and pre ented future 
plans and talked about pa t 
activities The committe meet 
every Wedn day night In the 
lounge In Revelle' Bea Ie 

The are r Planning om-
mlttee al 0 pr sented to the 
students information on their 
activltlP Their oblectlve I to 
promote volunteer exp rI n e 
and dpvelop academiC altt'r-
native The are al 0 planning to 
form Intere t lub In u h area~ 
a law lnd the onal sClencp~ 
That committe mppts PVNY 
Tue da at 3 pm In th provo t'\ 
offl 

~ourth I attpmptlng to reverw 
thp .r~ .,.., ""t '''''f'' ~y _f 0 
stud nt With In a governm ntal 

~tructure by w rklng toward iI 
governmpnt that th y can be' a 
rart of More student mN't In~' 
,UP plannt'o for th future \) hitt 
th(' \tlldenb will be ahl to 
renMIn Informl'Cf ,lnd hOlwflill 
,1C t 11,(' 



Revellr Controversy 

People Need Requirem.ents 
by MARk SCHUMAkER 

In YO' lr Jan . 17 issue Nick Papodoupolos wrote a letter in support of 
the genl..'I"al education requirements at Revelle College. At the end of 
Nick's letter another letter commented that whether or not the 
general education program at Revelle is good, it should not be forced 
upon anyone. In my opinion this is a very important consideration 
and so I would like to explain in some detail why I agree with Nick. 

I would like to ask, why do we have four different colleges at 
UCSD? Certainly the upper division courses are open to all students 
v.no meet the academic requirements and it is in these courses that 
most of the serious work towards a major goes on. But there is a real 
difference between the colleges when it comes to lower division 
work, which doesn't add so much to com_entrated training in a major 
field as it does to the general cultural background of a student. One 
reason why we have different colleges is so that a student can choose 
between the different programs of lower division education. 

I believe that these general education requirements can be very 
val uable for a student, and in particular that the humanities s~uence 
at Revelle has been valuable for me. I want to explain why this is 0 
and afterwards why I feel that this sequence or something simi lar to it 
hould be required. 

Useful creativity, I believe, originates in a person who finds himself 
in the midst of anxiety and doubt, in the apprehension of apparent 
paradox. A person who lives complacent with his ideas on a subject 
will not be inspired to think of anything new and will not subject new 
ideas to the constructive criticism that they need. If the new idea fits 
in with wfiat the person believes it may be complacently accepted, 
and if the new idea does not agree with pre-established beliefs it will 
be rejected without thought. This would be all right if we humans had 
atisfactory answers to all our problems but it's evident that we don't. 

Unfortunately people have a strong tendency to live with a et of 
ideas about the world without questioning them This is quite un-
derstandable since it makes I ife easier, but it also stifl es the creativi ty 
that humanity needs. One of the functions of our expensive 
university system is to destroy this complacency in people who have 
the potential to become constructively creat ive. One of the ways in 
which the university can do this is to subject them to some of the 
brilliant, persuasive, and contradictory works that can be found in 
world literature. This is one the points of the Humanities sequence. 

I can only make an example of my)elf. My first serious exposure to 
either Karl Marx or the Bible was in books which were assigned 
reading in the appropriate Humanities classes. In the same context I 

. read Goethe's Faust which is full of strong images of man struggling 
towards greatness, on the other hand I also read Pope's An Essay on 
Man, in which he stresses that man occupies a humble position in a 
great chain of being. I read and admired a little of both Kierkegaard 
and Nietzche though in some ways their world views are bitterly 
opposed. I think the Humanit ies sequence is partially responsible for 
giving me the idea that two contradictory points of view can each 
have tremendous insight. For all this I think I'm a much richer person. 

It's undeniable that sometimes Humanities lectures are a bore and 
that students are subjected to the whims of their TAs. But the lectures 
might be more interesting if peo I" kept up with the reading, and if 
those who did were a bit more aggressive with their questions. A 
professor who knows his class is trying to follow him might be in-
pired to give clear and interesting lectures. And I imagine a TA 

would be less inclined to worry about the subleties of format if 
confronted with well thought out ideas. 

But even so, what gives the university the right to force people to 
take this stuff? The answer is nothing of course, but then no one 
forces anyone to go to Revelle college. People can go somewhere 
else and receive an education towards a major that's just as strong. 
The Revelle general education requirements are clearly stated in the 
catalog and anyone who goes here should know about them, and 
those who enter in spite of th iS and afterwards decide they don't like 
those requirements have the opportunity to transfer away. Those who 
do so aren't stupid, it's just that they would rather do something with 
their time other than sitting in humanities classes. But some, like me, 
would like to gain a broader background in our culture than we had 
on leaving high school, and they may not have sufficient internal 
discipline to force themselves to complete a sequence of classes 
som of which they would inevitably fi nd boring. What such people 
need is a set of requirements which lend the psychological diSCipline 
needed to keep up. It's a trick that really works, somehow. Just as 
when : ertain people want to lose weight they go to a health spa 
where they are forced to do so. The analogy may not be very at-
tracti" .. t>ut I hope my point is clear. Anyone who doesn't want to 
enter the diSCipline doesn't have to and they houldn't b thought the 
less r for that. But some of us would like to have the opportunity 
around. 

.1 
Malcolm A . Smith, editor 
Edward E. Simons , managing editor 
J ohn H. Taylor, city editor 
Joni Moody , copy editor 
Charles Helm/er, editorial director 
Rick Rodewald, business manager 
Larry Deckel, arts editor 
Kirk Robinson, sports editor 
Ted Sperry. photo editor 

The Triton Times publtshes Mon., Wed., 
Fri. a\ an officlaliy recognized publication 
of the UCSD Communzcallons Hoard. 

Page 2 Triton Times January 31, 

'Ln ME GUISS ••• YOU'll 11TH II INfLATION OR RECISSION, OR ILLNISS, OR PRIYATION, 
01 SUFFIRING, 01 THI Dill AND HORRIILI PERIL OF GALLOPING SOCIALISM: 

Letters 

"Relayer" Relayed, 
LAWRENCE DECKEl: 

I and a number of my disciples have noticed 
what in all likelihood is a malfunction in the 
circuitry of your hearing mechanism (it's well -
known fact that activities at SCUD can cause 
severe strain for critical areas of one's 
physiological machinery, e.g., hearing loss) . We 
urge you to consu lt your personal phySician, and 
have him check your ears- at the earliest 
possible onvenience. 

We urge this recommendation on account of 
the obvious symtamatology. Your music review of 
the album, "Relayer" (Yes), has gross ly infuriated 
a significant number of the militant hosts of 
Legion, darling Regan included (triste dictu). It is 
singularly stunning that all your. negat ive com-
ments about "Relayer" actually apply to the 
album, "Tales From Topographic Oceans," which 
though not a bad album. lapses into soporific 
oceans on side one, two and four- if Yes had 
edited clown " Tales, " to just side three. whi ch 
features Steve Howe's brilliant acoustic guitar 
passages, the album would approach per-
fection . Conv rsely, all your words of praise for 
the " Tales " album really appropriate for 
"Relayer," an almost flawless and unearthly 
sound co llage, which has certainly redeemed 
Yes from the rrolasses seas of .. Tales ... .. Is there 
the remotest possibility that you have 
somehow confused th e two album titles with 
one another? 

In your review you used the expression, 
"progressive muzak"-well . I pray that you realize 
it's a blessing from the Prince of Darkness Himself, 
that Mr. Wakeman has departed from Yes, if the 
pedestrian dentist office rock of his "Journey To 
The Center Of The Earth" is any indication of 
things to come. However. Legion is merciful, and 
Mr. Wak man can re-enter the ranks of the 
militant musical host, provided he redeems 
himself on his next album ("Six Wives.. .. was a 
step down the right road.) tvIoreover, Patrick 
IvIoraz is a willing and dutiful servant-his 
diabol ically subtle keyboard efforts have en-
deared him to the Prince of Darkness. 

In any case, Mr. Deckel , you have been warned. 
Legion is always watching, Legion knows- He 
never rests; the entries in the Great Black Book are 
thorough and precise. Remember ' shoddy and 
incompetent music reviews lead the fold astray-
they contribute to divisive and maligning in-
clinations, which ultimately lead to abominations 
like St. Elton In The John, the pseudo-angelic 
Refried Beatles. and other forms of vinyl wastage. 
Do not aid and abet the enemy. TAKE HEED, 
BEFORE ITS TOO LATE. 

IAN ANDERSON, ANTI..(HRIST 
(ALIAS , A. SOlZHENITSYN) 

/ '/1 Slick to my guns regardi"g ''Relayer,'' a"d 
assure you my ears are li"e. I merely poi", 0111 
that my opinions are my own, and I welco",e 
anyone 's intelligent record reviews for pn'"t i" 
the Triton Times. --LARRY DECKEL 

Th. Triton Tim.. I. offlc'-"y recoenl." •• • c.mpul 
newlp.p., by the Communlc.tlonl Soe,d of UCSD. Stud.nt 
C.nt." U! JolIl. C.llfornl.. 121137. In tekln, "hoMI 
POIltlonl. the Triton Tim •• II not ,ep_tl ... the vlewa of 
the Unlv ... ltv. Th. Communlc.tloM Boe,d. 0, the ltudent 
bOdy .1 . whof • . 

Third Solar Energy 
Dear Mr. Gill and Mr Norberg: 

Regarding your letter to Donald Sites [Triton 
Times, January 6, 1975) concerning energy 
conservation and alternative energy lsystems in 
new construction at UCSD. you may be interested 
in learning about our efforts in Third College. 

Although Academic Unit I and Residence Halls 
Unit I of Third College are designed to be 
somewhat energy cons rving, Third College and 
the campus Architects and Engin rs Office have 
agreed to pursue th possibilities of incorporat ing 
Solar Energy Sources for heating and cooling of 
Unit II ofThird College. 

Toward this end. we are seeking to have a 
portion of Third College Academic Unit II be the 
subject of one of the workshops of the February 
American Institute of Architects conference on 
Energy Systems for Buildings. It is our hope that 
this workshop will provide us with a number of 
implement able ideas on energy conservation and 
alternative sources of energy which can be in-
corporated into some of the permanent facilities 
of Third College and other UCSD facilities. 

It should be noted. however, that the utilization 
of Solar Energy is still in the research and 
development Stage and may not be finanCially or 
physically feasible in large building projects until 
adequate ystems of storage and distribution can 
be developed. 

On April 12, Third College will hold its second 
conference on the energy crisis on the topic of 
Solar Energy. 

We would be pleased to receive any ideas or 
suggestions on energy conservation and alter-
native sources of en rgy for buildings which you 
would like to share with us. 

JOSEPHW. WATSON 
PROVOST 

Coalition Ignored 
Open letter to George Murphy. Vice Chancellor, 
Student Affairs : -

It has come to our attention that once again 
there is a meeting being held on Veterans Affairs 
at UCSD. The UCSD Veterans Coalition would like 
to take this opportunity to lodge a letter of protest 
at not being included in these procedings 

Perhaps you feel , as students, we have nothing 
to offer or that the decision as to what monies 
space, and personnel we need are none of ou~ 
business. 

This is not, and will not, be the case. 

JAMES SMITH 
UCSD VETERANS COALITION 

Wash Your Mouth 
Mary I\.1elanie Bandurraga wash your mouth ! 

The society we all live in does not "motivate 
males to seek such a diversion (peeping at naked 
bodies in the women's gym) through an invasion 
of personal privacy" This kind of sexist cowshit 
rationale about the ma culine mind can no longer 
be tolerated You have ~hown one man your 
naked body; now you've shown everyone' else 
your naked brdins! Perhaps we should post 
thrE'f' guards at your typewriter. 

A UCSD MALE 

Low 
Blows 

~~~dCt.eap 
When the time comes to go out into the real world and leave the 

amniotic security of college, how prepared will you be? Sure, you know 
how to build an oil refinery; but when you run out of toilet paper, will 
you know what to do? 

Chances are. you aren't this far gone. For many of you the first 
thought was no doubt to replace the empty roll. This test should be 
easy for you . Forthose of you who had to think a while. read on . 

The following test is designed to rate your chances in the so-ca lled 
Real World . You should allow yourself no more than three minutes to 
complete it . Each question is worth five pOints, and reflects some 
aspect of your probable existence Out There. So, get some paper and a 
pencil and dig in . 

TRANSPORT A TlON 
1) Your car won't start in the morning and you think it's the battery. 

What's a ~od, easy way to recharge it? 
2) Your tire mysteriously went flat overnight . To what pressure 

should it be filled? 
3) The bumper on your car is loose, and you wish to tow a small 

trai ler. What should you do? 

FOOD/KITCHEN 
4) The cupboard is bare and you have only $20. What items should 

you buy at the grocery store? 
5) You left out a pound of hamberger to thaw. You set it out in the 

morning and now it's seven o'clock p.m . Is it fit to eat? 

FINANCE 
6) Which is cheaper ; a car that costs 53500 at 10 percent interest, or 

a $3800 car at a rate of 15 percent interest. 
7) Which stock market exchange would keep you better informed; 

the New York or the American exchange? 

CURRENT EVENTS 
8) What national figure was involved in a scandal with a stripper.? 
9) OPEC stands for what? 

PEOPLE 
10) When your neighbor comes in your home, sniffs the air,and ihen 

says, "Oh, do you own a cat? ", what is she really trying to say? 
11) When your neighbor returns the lawnmower you loaned him 

three weeks ago and innocently asks you where to put it, what do you 
really want to say? 

12) When the rather uneducated girl next door comes to your door 
and demurely says, " D'ya wanna ball?", what is she really trying to 
say? 

TIME! 
Okay, do-dom, flip your dog-eared copy of the Triton Times over 

and read the answers. A graduated scale of your chances of survival in 
the real world is included. 

Ed's Answers 
·.UOIY 'woo.o jelOIU. UI P"P puno, eq 0' "'."1110 .... P.d 00 .. 0 UItS MI' UMO 0' 

J>e1J1I.no III -.... M ... ' UI"'IM UIU-PU.-III1 • ,0 W":»IIIIDL ._.:» 1fJO'" • uo U.W ... o~ 
191111: ·u .... Hd pu. '3jUMI:leW ·aueauno:»:» •. PI.W UI""" • "'IH IR-!I£ 'PIIIW 
"1 .. /111 • "'111 -aaes I ... 'eaHlqo a ..... II11M WUOI .... 1 eq U.:> I. " UOll3Un, Allpoq' 
al'.q W.o"'" 0' Holl U.I) noA ·Ad ...... ' II11M 1011· .... 10' ·.lIop ·.a~ .I"Oq -- .... ea 
pUBII .. A •• ldw .. II' .... I .. P 0' .Iqy III ·n .. II11M ,.nlP. 111M no" 101 :ONIIIO:>S 

'uoIIII"wo:» Inl-.-8nll:» • ul pep._. AIIU."'" 
'BM .11' .. I .... eq .... 11' .11' ,0 .uo ,0 1110 • noA .... w 0' IIUI.o/l .. PU. '1 U.WOM 
lIunoA ... ' "u ...... d •• IInb eq Plno ... 'Y IEL ·wul, .. aul •• MOI '111 10 •••• IIIJ.u.O 
all' UI .'.II_wo. ·au.lpeclxl eq 0' .... , MI po .. ,.w •• /I.l.IIM Aq ".lUlll AIW'IJ .q 
'1118"1 "'IM .noA Will 01 A.AUO:» 0' "'fHP no" ILL .:Al' IIld peuweppoll •• ,," 'lI.wI 
awnp 'III~ .. IOL · • ..,dwi o, ... ot:I A.II' M:»I-'d ..... 1 ...... '0, ,,11M A ... , WOIIM 01 opru:» ' 
11.' olluoII'" lIul:»npo.d110 JO ' .. 01-' ... ' ,01.pUIIlIII " 'III1W'eqIlM ,, -,0 pew,olul 
aq 0' II'IM p,noA 1,,3011 113111M uodn pueclep PlnoM Allnol"qo ·.III~ IL ·uOII .. nb 
ABMB-IIIIO 11 '11 "ooa noA IMII • .... noa 10 'PWPIAOJd ... " 19 ·lw.'IIfQIP3 I. · •• dwnq 
841 ue'lIl1l~ IE 'ul 'bI Jed '''11 IE 01 CIt ,noqy IE 'UOllql 1.11 .01 AJ."eq MI' .".~ I. . 

Avrum Stroll is a professor of Philosophy and 
O1airman of the Academic Senate . He is ill so one of 
the seven original humani sts on campus, and gave 
Revelle its first Human ities lecture ever , He's 
participated in the developm"nt of th e Humaniti~ 
sequence from a fixed Ii ~t of required readings into 
a rrore flexible selection of core readings and on to 
,today's program, which allows the instructor 
relctive freedom of course material selection . 
Consequently, it's of interest to Revelle students, 
particularly in the I ight of recent act i vi ties by 
SCERR, to know that Stroll and his associates have 
been developing an alternative HUmanit ies 
sequence v.nich may go into effect soon. 

should be represented, he feels 
Along these lines, Stroll is intere!ted in sE'eing 

various Social Si nce courses I" tablished .1$ 
alternatives to the presen t sequencE'. Among the 
IDSsiblities, Stroll mentions ( ~ince it seem~ to b(' 
pertinent) course study o n war. weaponry. ,lnci 
international security . Economics and .1n -
thropology courses may also be considered 

It' s not always easy to get new and relevant 
<nurses into the curr iculum Stroll says that " if you 
want a brand new track. it takes a faculty chang .. 
It's possible for an instructor to ch ange. or add to, 
or slant a course, though. in addition to making 
new material available through this context . it aJ so 

The Revelle Reporter An interview with UC San Diego Academic Senate chairman Avrum Stroll . 
Last November, Stroll , Stan Fields and Jonathan 

Saville began revising the first two of the six 
humantities courses in order to refocus the 
sequence on certain topi cs. Changes in the course 
structure would involve teaching methods as well 
as subject matter. For instance, T.A .s selected to 
participate in the program would be required to 
cttend an intensive sum mer training session in 
w-tich they would first be taught the material and 
later engage in teaching sessions with course 
p"ofessors acting as students. The aim of thi s format 
w:>uld be to thoroughly familiarize the TAs with 
subject matter, and with teacher expectat ions in 
particular. The subject matter itself is to be 
<nmposed primarily of classic material which 
demonstrates what Stroll calls " pervasive and 
lrliversal ideas which , on reflect ion , are highly 
germaine to any issue." The course outline shows 
freshmen beginning with the study of primitive. 
symbols and the Homeric cycles. 

Initiation of the program is dependent at p"esent 
on a planning grant from the National Endowment 
for the Humanities. 

Among the criticisms leveled at the Revelle 
Humanities sequence is its failure to address itself 
to relevant issues, and students have demonstrated 
interest in seeing the study of global systems i n-
duded as alternatives in the Humanities sequence . 
Stroll agrees that the Humanities program should 
'open options ." All aspects of the humanities . 

mables an instructor to continue along outmoded 
lines. Still, says Stroll , "We can 't interfere with an 
instructors right to teach a course the wery he want s 
That's the basis for academ ic freedom " 

Stroll was asked whether he thought additional 
options in the Revelle curriculum woultln ' t cau se i t 
to swing closer to the Muir curr iculum in format 
and intent. Stro ll didn't think so, as the Revelle 
sequence is still more highly structured . " The 
essence of scholarship," says Stroll, " is discipline, 
and one way to ach ieve that is a highly structured 
curri culum." But what about the bugaboo 
relevance? Stroll points out that the question of 
relevance is 'double-edged. There is the long and 
short-range relevance." Revelle's apparent aim has , 
so far, been the long-range sort . Because, he says, 
'The real world is forbidding . Challenge (in 
academic life) helps to overcome problems of the 
external world . It's necessary to disci pi ine yourself 
to do those things you don't really want to do " 

Still , it's difficult fora student to knew what will 
be expected of him outside the academic com -
mlflity, whether it will be the Renaissance Man or 
the Specialist who will prove to be relevant . Stroll 
' It 's hard to know what the relation betw n 
curr iculum and real life will be. But our com-
mttment to the prinCiple characteri st ics of 
Humanities should not become obsolete over-
ni~t." 

Leonard Michaels to Read Wednesday 
Short story writer Leullard 

Michaels will read selections 
from his work at 4 pm next 
Wednesday in the Student Center 
lounge. 

The program, wh ich is free and 
open to the public, is the first of 
six readings in the UCSD New 
Poetry Series during the winter 
quarter . 

Published collectio~s of his 
short stories include "Going 
Places," which won him a 
nomination for the National Book 
Award, and " I Would Have Saved 
Them If I Could," his most recent 
work . 

Michaels. 41 , is a thre~-time 
winner of the O. Henry Prize 
wh ich is given for short story 
writing . He also received the 
National Ac.ademy of Arts and 
Letters Award in 1971 . 

His fiction , essays and reviews 
have appeared in the Parti an 
Review, Transatlantic Review, 
New American Story and the New 

York Times Book Review section. 

An associate professor of 
English literature at UC Berkeley, 
he earned a B.A. degree from 
New York Universit y and a Ph .D. 
degree from the University of 
Michigan . 

Next 'program in the poetry 
series will feature Clayton 

Eshleman at 4 pm W ednesday, 
February 12, also in the Student 
Center lounge. 

The series is sponsored by the 
Campus Program Board, the 
Departments of Literature and 
Visual Arts and the Archive for 
New Poetry in the Central 
Un iversity Library's Department 
of Special Collections. 

POWER 
VOLLEYBALL 

this weekend 

San Diego Wave 
vs. 

Long Beach-Santa 
Monica Sails 

7:30 p.m. Reasons for Roots. 
ACADEMiC 
RESEARCH 
LIBRARY 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send for your up-ta-dlte, 
176-P8ge, mail Ofder cltllog 
of 5500 topiC5. Enclose 
$1 .00 to Cover postage 11 -2 
days deliver V time). 

519.GLENROCK AVE. 
SUITE 1203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
ou, mll.".ts ." IOId fo, 

' .... rch pu'poses only 

No.4. Naturally shaped toes. 
Rools roomy uppers aren't shaped like ordinary 
hoes. But the>, are shaped like ordinary feet. Your 

toes will stay healthfully uncrowded . 

The Sport Root. 
one of 10 sty les. 

old only at Roots shop 
Gift c rtificates available 

10909 Kinross Ave .. Westwood Village (2 13) 478-010 1 
121 Pro pect St.. La Jolla, Calif. (714) 459-5000 

City feet need Roots. 

Friday, Jan. 31 

San Diego Wave 
vs. 

Anaheim Hamm's 
7:30 -p.m 

Sunday, Feb_ 2 

Both games at San Diego Community 
Concourse: Golden Hall 
Tickets: $S.OO, $3_50, $2.00 or caU 560-4202 

Page 1 Triton Time Januar 11 . 197'; 



1M BS . 
FeHruary Will Bring Superstars 

Joe Frazier nrarly drowned in a Superstars 
cortest two ~;ars ago . Bob Seagren beat Frazier in 
the weight-lifting event . And many other invnortal 
athletes 1IIere humiliated in such events as sprinting 
and M'invnin~ . 

Now is the time for the UCSD bookworms to 
rome out of their holes in the library and humiliate 
the intramural jocks of this campus; in a Superstars 
<Dntest, not a biology test . 

Vou wll even be able to get your friends together 
and form a team as this is Team Superstars. Five ' 
people to a team and five events . It doesn't even 
require a math major to figure out that each person 
(roe has to be of the opposite sex) will have to 
specialize in ooe event . 

The compeitition will be held on Sunday, 
February 9, beginning at 9:30 am . The first event 
~II be the free throw shooting contest, followed by 
~iw.t liftire, swimming, softball throw and 
sprinting <t 45 minute intervals. 

Prizes, in the form of gift certificates to Ginder's 
Sporting Goods of La Jolla, will be awarded to the 

~ming teams. The first place team will take home 

S75; second place will earn 555, third place 540; 
fourth place 530; fifth place; 525 . The overall 
champion in the individual competition' will earn 
himself or herself a nice 545 . 

At the suggestion of Fourth College Provost, Lea 
Rudee, the Intramural Department in conjunctioo 
wth the colleges will sponsor an Inter-College 
Tournament at the endofthe quarter . 

Each college will sponsor' an open basketball 
team and a coed \OlIeyball team to compete in the 
tournament. The tourney will be held on the last 
\\eekend of the quarter . It is hoped that the 
tournament will foster a little college spirit as well 
as ilteraction between the colleges . 

It is up to each college to determine it's 
representatives to the tournament . All participants 
must be in good academic standing, be carrying ten 
units, and not be a member of the varsity squad in 
the sport . 

The tournament will be si ngle e limination, with a 
random draw determing opening round games. 

Ruggers Tie .Santa Ana, 22-22 
Last Saturday on the Muir field , 

the men's Rugby teams tackled 
the Santa Ana rugby club and 
came out with their best per-
formance of the season . 

The men 's first team played 
Santa Ana to a 22-22 tie, after 
jumping off to an 18-4 halftime 
lead . In the second half they 
"slacked off" in their play ac-
cording to coach Peter Sertic, as 
Santa Ana rallied and jumped 
into a 22-18 lead. The ruggers 
then regained their composure to 
tie the score. 

The second team was more 
successful in their match , win-
ning 18-4. They opened th e 
scoring early in the first half and 
never looked back . The only loss 
of the afternoon came with the 
defeat of the men's third team . 
Despite the losing effort of the 
club, coach Sertic said the team 
"displayed the best passing yet 
this season ." 

On Sunday the women's team 
continued their winning ways as 
they completely dominated the 
Santa Ana team and registered an 
18-0 shutout. So far this season, 
the women's team has suffered 
only one defeat, and that came at 

I···················. : GIRLS! : 
: Entire stock 50% off : 
• • 
•• • • All Greek imports • 
• including handwoven .shirts, • 
: dresses, skirts, coats, : 
: jackets -- unique necklaces, : 
• rings, & earrings • 
• • 
: GREEK IMPORTS I: 
:1031 Prospect 459-3016: \ ...................• 

the hands of an all-star team from 
Colorado. 

One of the women's teams 
more impressive victories was lasl 
weekend when they defeated the 
UCLA women 's team 38-12 . At the 
rate the women's team is playing, 
it appears as if they will become 
prime contenders for the state 

COMMUNITY 
8LOODBANk 

327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
lorsenke 

Mon.-Sal. 
8:4S-5:lO 
Closed Sun. 
233-M1 

Photo: Eu 

women 's championship, a title 
they won last year in their first 
season as a team. 

The men will play their next 
home match on February 1, when 
they take on a conti ngent from 
Arizona . The women's ne~t match 
is on February 8 when they play 
the Un icorns on the Muir field . 

- ••• ••••••••••••• ••• •••••••• • '0 

ta Jolla Shores j 
. Market . 

2259 Avenida de 
la Playa 

Phone: 459·3465 

Produce, 
Meats, 

Groceries, 
Wine & Beer 

• ••• I ••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

-. 

CLEARANCE SALE! Speed Reading? 
LIST SALE 

Kodak 1-11-24 Movie Camera Outfit $53.50 $17.00 

Sunset 7 It 35 Binoculars $39.95 $14.00 

Kodak X-90 Rangeflnder Camera $124.95 I $45. 00 

Polaro;d Squ8r8 Shooter 2 Camera $24.95 $15.00 

Agfa 1:26 Camera Outfit $19.95 $5.00 

Panas.)01c Transistor Radios $10.95 $7.95 

~ . 

~Glnll'(l 
::;Storc ASK FOR STUDENT ~ lInin.'rsit\' Cit\' 
>= 4013 80YEM0ii DRIVE AT' fggg 

~453·5753 
-

Page 4 Triton Times Janua ry 3', 1975 

DISCOUNT 
CARD 

Are you interested in improving your 
reading? If so, now is your chance to do 
something positive towards that goal. 

Due to a large number of late 
enrollments. the start of classes has 
been delayed one week. Classes start 
next weeki But there is still time to call 
Bob at 276-1768 (eves) and enroll for the 
following classes which will ' meet 
weekly for 5 weeks. 

Mon, Wed, and Sat classes are 
still open for enrollment 

READS, Inc. 805 Glenway Dr. 
Inglewood, Ca. 90302 

Don't Think Abortion 
Alternatives are Available 

S.~. PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
583-5433 

Also free speakers 
and study room 

'It's What 

Basketball is 
All About' 

e once referred to the 
Basketball Tournament as 

'tua l. UCSD ' Coach Barry 
ingham put it more aptly: 

what basketball is all 'about ." 

was all there, the crowd, the 
leaders, the bands and 
close, exciti ng basketball. 

ugh somewhat smaller 
hoped, the crowd was 

siastic, responding to the 
t of the games and the 

verside and Davis brought 
r bands. I n the Aggie-
lander duel Friday night 

ide won the game, but the 
~A~"'>rirk band clearly stole 

from the Highlander 
Call ed "obnoxious f- ers" 

e observer, the Aggie band 
conti nually berating the 

other fa ns and the 
while prodUCing some 

for their "cowgirls" to 

D failed to bring their band 
of hiding, but did show off 
sad excuse for cheerleaders . 

ng the four schools one 
have to say the Tritons 
last in cheerleaders, even 
Irvine failed to show off 

n the qual ity of the 
ball was great , with on ly 

game a lopsided 
Riverside won the Tourney 
total of 6 points and neither 

was decided until the last 
of play. 

what basketball is all about. 

---

.. 
... 

--
--

I 

photos: Steinheimer 

State Destroys Tritons,· 103-31 
ious retting, poor play, 

shots not going in" were 
of the reasons ~iven by 

en's basketball coach Sharon 
after her team's' 103-31 
ctlon at the hands of San 
State on Wednesday. 
game was rather one-sided 

scored almost at will . 
of thei r scoring came off 

down court passes making 
game resemb le a football 

more than it did a 
I game. The Tritons 

misma tched height-wise at 
giving away as much ~s a 
their opponents . 

1222 Prospect Street 

454-8806 

The team was plagued by fou 
and injuries. Three girls on the 
fir t team were benched less than 
half-way into the first half with 
four fouls each. This forced coach 
Fox to use the second string for 
most of the game. Three- other 
gir ls had to leave the game with 
injuries. One girl, Sioux Amaral , 
had to be taken from the gym on 
a stretcher with a knee injury. 

The girls passed more than they 
dribbled, and often shots were 
just thrown up 'from near the 
basket. Many of the shots looked 
like poor passes as they often 

failed to hit the rim. Play was 
ragged and disorganized . SDSU 
often capitalized on tile girls 
mistakes and turned them to their 
advantage with fast break 
baskets . The Aztecs grabbed a 
quick lead and then never looked 
back as they ran away with the 
game. 

Near the end of the game, the 
girls put together a semblance of 
an offense as they were able to 
move the ball in close enough for 
a shot ,'but they were so cold from 
the floor that their shots did not 
hit. 

mERCEDES SOSA 
Friday. )QnuQry 31 
8:30 pm 

Folklorist singer from Argentina; 
adress in several Arlentinian films . 

I "one of the most outstanding singers 
of our leneration, who hilS 
dedicated her life to the music 
of Argentinil ilnd Lillin America" 

Ambasudor Alejandro Orfilil REVELLE CAFE 
Tickets: 52 .50 UCSO Student Discount: 51.00 

Hockey? , 
Marinated Ice 

by Kirll Robinson 

Last fall I ·managed to secure a pass to the San Diego Mariners 
Hockey games. I was able to attend the opening game, but since then 
Paul and Dave, my faithful assistants, have been religiously fiid1ting 
over who gets to go to which game. All of which is hard to believe 
since the Mariners play in the World Hockey Association, a distinct 
second in quality to the Natipnal Hockey League. 

Monday I was able to wre'st the pass out of the grubby hands of one 
of the aforementioned two, deciding it was time for me to enjoy the 
fruits of my efforts . 

But being the sneaky hockey fan that he is, Dave talked me into 
taking him along as my photographer. And besides, he has a car and I 
don't. It also turned out that I had the camera and he didn 't . 

So iJNay we went . In his car, with me as the photographer. 
It took awhile for us to convince the man at the gate that wewere for 

real , but after a struggle, we were able to settle down into a couple of 
seats that Dave, the judicious hockey fan , had picked out . 

Since the Mariners were playing Winnipeg, a Canadian team, we had 
to listen to both the Star Spangled Banner and 0 Canada ! Dave tumed 
iJI'ld asked why Francis Scott Key didn 't write 0 Canada! Good 
question, Dave. 

The game, or should I say the fight, started . It should have never 
been allowed to . I didn ' t count the number of times that the referees 
had to separate players, but I am su re it was greater than the total 
number of goals scored in the game (16,nine by Winnipeg and seven 
for the Mariners) . 

As·Dave said after the game, everythi ng that ho ckey has to offer was 
offered: fights, goals, penalties, and even players rushing the crowd 
after the game. 

At one point in the third period there were so many players In the 
Mariner penalty box, that the refs started giving them seats in the 
reserved section . There were penalties for fighting , spearing, slashing 
iJI'ld even throwing a towel onto the ice. 

Wimipeg managed to take advantage of the times that people were 
in the penalty box, scoring four power play goals and scoring once 
w,ile shorthanded. Pick on 'em when they' re down . 

As oould be expected, the game ended with a fiid1t , the Jets taking 
on a few of the fans as well as the Mariners. Meanwhi Ie me and Dave 
took off for the locker rooms, Dave walking nonchallantly past the 
security guard while I was stopped and asked where I was going . 
Fortunately I had the pass, otherwise it would have been a long bus 
ride home . 

We ~ren't allowed into the Mariner's locker room rue to the fact it 
was the first visit of a female broadcaster. I guess she wanted to be 
alone ~th the players . So we went to visit Bobby Hull and the Jets . 

Dave looked all official with his little note pad, while I stood there 
with my camera dangling over my shoulder asking stupid questions. All 
Dave asked for was Hull 's autograph. which he got, riid1t in his official 
little notebook . 

Hull was a little upset about the game, saying, "This wasn 't hockey 
as I learned to play it." He also bemoaned the fact that he felt the 
Mariners were picking on the European players on his team li e 
pointed to Uif Niilson and Niilson duly showed off all the bruises he 
received in the game . He was BR UISE D! 

Meanwhile the lady had exited the Mariners locker room 50 I left 
Dave with his idol and went over to talk to Mar iner Coach Harry 
Howell. Howell's only comment was that ," If those Europeans want to 
play in our league, they' ll have to learn to play our style " A little bit 
rough on th~ poor folks, I'd say. 

I fi nally pulled Dave away from Hull and dragged hi m out to hi 5 car 
so he could drive my camera home . 

1****************************** # Contribute to the : 
* 1974-75 : 
meso Student Direetord 
* . ~ 
:Drawings: eompete, -: 
:for the eover page ., * 
* * * Photos: r-:::7:\ of your : f favorite ® UCSD ! 
:: whatever * 
* * # Personals to your : 
* .r:r eutie pie (1.50) : 
* * :: Dor ... suite listings * 
: (1.50 per line) : 

* i Submit\by J'~ I 
I Feb. 14th i 
:: To the UCSD Student * 
* Info Center I 
i****************************** 

Page 5 Triton Times Januar 31, 19?5 



Well, it's dll over but the shouting. Trivia Contest No. 
2 had the bi.est response we've ever had to a TT 
contest. Ma:lY hanks to all who entered. And now, for 
all concerned : ere are the Trivia Answers: 

1) Richard Cr,"na played Walter Denton. Only one 
person who enJered knew that Mr. Boynton's frog was 
MacDougal. Gale Gordon played Osgood Conklin . The 
school: Mad son High School. 

2) Jackie Cooper and Basset Hound, Cleo, were in "The 
People's Choice." 

3) Very few people knew that the inhabitant of zero-
zero island was Colonel Bleep. 

4) Sgt. Friday's badge number was 714. 

5) The three ghosts on Topper were George & Marion 
Kirby played by Robert Sterling and Ann Jeffreys, and 
Neil the St . Bernard who p'layed himself. On TV they 
were killed in a skiing aCCident, on film, a car accident 
did them in. 

TrMa 

c 18) Joan was played by Joan Davis. Jim Backus played her husband, Judge Bradley J. Stevens. 
19) Commando Cody flew around with the rocket pack 
on his back . 

20) Nationally, Sci Fi Theatre was hosted by Truman 
Bradley. We accepted the local redition of the answer : 

ij) Moona lisa Clark. 
21) How could anyone think delicious chocolatey bosco 
(the correct answer) was Ovaltine?H Ugh! 
22) U.N.C.l.E . was the United Network Command for 
law and Enforcement. It had nothing whatsoever to do 
with the United Nations. THRUSH stood for Technical 
Hierarchy for the Removal of Undesirables and the 
Subjugation of Humanity. 
23) Frank Fontaine played Crazy Guggenheim and 
always said hi to Mr. Dunahee (nobody's sure how to 
spell that one) . 
24) Everybody seemed to know that Don Adams did the 
voice for Tennessee Tuxedo . 

25) And Donald Duck's license plate number? Twas 313. 
6) Soupy's four puppet friends were White Fang, Black -
Tooth , Hippie and Pooky. The voices for the puppets, 
and the guy at the door were played by Clyde Adler . 
Soup's girlfriend was Peaches. And boy, few people 
seemed to remember that "Soupy Sez" were self-
contained puns he wrote on the blackboard like 
"Kleptomania isn't so bad - you can always take 
something for it." 

comprised the rest of Donna elley sang 
"Johnny Angel," Paul had two big hits : "She Can't Find 
Her Keys" and "My Dad." The last name was Stone, and 
Bob Crane's wife was named Midge. 

As it turned out, we didn't wind up with a Trivia King. 
Rather, we have a Trivia Kingdom . The best entry was a 
group effort from Graduate Students in the math dept. 
Paul Roudebush, Paul Deland, Greg Galloway, Tony 
Grojanowski, Rod Canfield and AI Eisner have the 
honors. As first place winners, they get to figure out how 
to split the two tickets to the Paul Williams/ Freddie 
Prinze concert on Feburary 8th at the Civic Theatre . 
They managed to score 63 out of the possible 68 points. 

7) Tim Considine was the oldest of the three sons. The 
youngest Hardy boy was Tommy Kirk, and the old man 
was Mr. Applegate. , 

12) New Orleans Dectt:ctiv,:! show: Burbon Street Beat. 
13) The speakeasy singer was Dorothy Provine, and now 
she's doing feminine hygiene deodorant commercials . 

8) Rin Tin Tin 's master was Rusty. He was honorarily a 
' corporal . 
9) Chester's Recommendation for making coffee was to 
never wash the pot . ("Marshal Dillon, you don't make a 
pot of coffee, you build it!) However, we received 
enough mentions of the eggshells in the coffee to ac-
cept that answer as well. 

14) "Seven Keys" was hosted by Jack Narz. His brother is 
Tom Kennedy. 

15) Monty Hall hosted Video Village before he began 
making deals . 
16) lucas McCain was the Rifleman, Johnny Crawford 
was Mark. They lived near Northfork, Virginia. Johnny's 
two hit songs were "Cindy's Birthday" and " Your Nose is 

Second place winner Kenneth Zeidman scored 58, 
and third place was bagged by team Abby and Kathy 
Esty, also with a score of 58 (slipping into third by 
judges decision on the tiebreaker) . They both win stereo 
lPs. And just to prove dumb luck still pays off, our 
random winner was lohn Adler (who incidently only 
managed to score 28), and he wins a prize as well. The 
average score was 40. 

10) Bob Cummings started his show " love That Bob" 
with the picture line. His secretary Schultzy is now seen 
on the Bradv Bunch . 

· \.nnna Grow." 
Winners should contact larry Deckel at the TT office, 

mornings between 9:30 and 11 :00. And as for Trivia 
Food for thought for the future, can ANYONE tell m 
who were Spunky and Tadpole?? Suffer with that one for 
awhile! 11) Carl Betz, Paul Peterson, and Shellev Faberp 

17) Palladin's first name was Wire. He lived in the Hotel 
Carleton in San Francisco . 

Atomic Cafe Cooks Up Unique Evenings of Musi'c 
by Robin Rond 

What is the Atomic Cafe? No, 
it's not some grad student's 
phySiCS project, nor is it even near 
a science classroom here at 
UCSD Yet , there is something 
very nuclear indeed about the 
Atomic Cafe: it is a center of lots 
of energy, entertainment and 
artistic achievement. 

. With many talented performers 
and composers at UCSD, there 
was a need for a place to present 
new, innovative material. The 
talent was certainly available, 
along with people willing to put 
forth the effort to coordinate 

performances. Among those who 
instigated the Atomic Cafe and 
kept it going last quarter were 
Assistant Professor lean-Charles 
Francois, who has been involved 
with experimental music from 
Paris to the United States, former 
director Susannah Ganus, and 
Curtis Abbott . They not only 
organized the Cafe, but have 
themselves contributed to the 
performances. 

The Atomic Cafe was originally 
visualized as a sort of "anti-
concert," or an assortment of 
performances minus the trap-
pings of i\ traditional concert . 
Thele are no printed programs, no 
formal stage setting, and the 

Page 6 Triton Times January 31, 1975 

audience is invited to casually 
gather around the performers . 
The result of such an un-
ceremonious production is an 
atmosphere of relaxation . There 
isn 't the pressure of an "official" 
performance in which the 
musicians are judged or reviewed 
by critics. There is room for 
experimentation . There is room 
for error. Perfection is not the 
order of the evening, and so both 
the people "on stage" and off (the 
audience) have a chance to relax 
and enjoy each other. Even the 
name suggests that the event "be 
a cafe to come to ." (Yes, there's 
even coffee served during the 
course of the evening.) As former 
director Susannah Ganus put it, it 
is a " forum for musical ex-
pression ." 

The Atomic Cafe does not 
confine itself to music per se; 
rather it allows for, and en-
courages, a combination of all 
types of creative expression, 
bringin g forth performan ces 
referred to as "experiential." 

Many of the acts have been just 
that ; they've been absolute 
experiences. 

One past performance was one 
offered by graduate student 
Warren Burt, entitled "Do' Your 
Teddy ' Bears Have Stilettos in 
Their Feet?," which made use of a 
sound and video syntheSizer. 
While the audience was 
somewhat hypnotized (as I was) 
by the curious exhibition of color, 
motion, and sound up on the 
screen, it was unaware of being 
bound with string by other 
students performing Allison 
Knowles' "String Piece." These 
were two independent . per-
formances which, when 
presented simultaneously, made 
for a total sensory experience. 

Another such experience came 
in the form of "Fair Piece," by Ted 
Grove, in which he had put 
together a tape and slide 
presentation from the Del Mar 
Fair. While the audience was 
involved with that , Grove began 
marching thru it selling popcorn ! 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

~t:l\IS OFFERING N""'~ 
~O~ ~l' SJ'Sl'£ArS 

COLOR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 
PENTAX, OLYMPUS, & KONICA CAMERAS & LENSES 

LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMENT 
INCLUDING 

KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES'SERVICE 'TRADES' REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

459-7355 

Again, not just a visual or audio 
performance, but one in which 
the audience itself became in-
volved thru the use of several 
aspects of perception . 

As Curtis Abbott, one of the 
Cafe's coordinators, explained, 
these performances are only two 
which "capsulize" the whole 
concept of the Atomic -Cafe. 
Abbott went on to say that "at 
minimum, the audience would 
have a good time," and that they 
might even " get something 
valuable" from the performances. 
He believes they have. 

What is to come for the Atomic 
Cafe? As for its location, no one is 
quite sure what will happen, or 
rather, where it will happen. 
There are all sorts of possibilities : 
the Revelle Coffee House, the 
coming recital hall at Mandeville 
Center, and perhaps even a night 
at a theatre in Encinitas, the 
Paloma. The Cafe was originally 
seen as a mobile occurrence, 
which might take place anywhere 
on campus, and maybe even off. 

Continued on Page 7 

8LrUe:rADE 
WOK OF WEEK 

"CRYSTAL SHRIMP 
ANDGAIPAN" 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

tUISINE 
Olnn.,. HOII,.: 
MOD ' Thll' 5-'0 

Fri·S.r 5· " 

Beer and wine 
served 

10"" Discount with 
UCSD Student 10 

AMPU eARklNG 
4S'}-'}R42 

S771 La 101101 Blvd. • 
-
........... 

-

Atomic Cafe Y et Another Audition classifie~s 
notices Continued from page 6: 

But there are problems with 
moving equipment from place to 
place which may require finding a 
permanent, very local home for 
the Cafe. 

may be surprISes . 

Upcoming dates for the Atomic 
Cafe include February 11 (Revelle 
Coffee House), and February 25 
(Student Center lounge) . 
Whatever happens, you can be 
sure of a new and different ex-
perience. 

Auditions for a one-act play by William Saroyan, "H 110 Out 
There" will be held !V\orr':ay February 3 in the Drama Dept Con- · 
ference Room in 407 Me at 7:00. 

An off-beat love story, they play offers excellent roles for 1 man 
and 1 woman. There are also 4 smaller parts, for 3 m n and a 
woman . 

The play will be directed by graduate director John Ovrutsky of 
the UCSD drama dept. Any inquiries regarding the auditions may be 
made at x3791. 

As for the content and nature 
of upcoming Cafes, Abbott sees 
the evenings becoming more 
" theme oriented," in which "the 
whole evening becomes a piece 
itself." We may also expect even 
more variety in the acts. One 
proposed idea is an evening of 
original pieces by a student 
composer here at UCSD. They are 
pieces of classical nature, but of 
his own composition and in-
terpretation . The program is open 
and free to all who would like to 
try something new which might 
not be given a chance to be heard 
elsewhere. 

Concert Notes _ by Larry Deckel 

There are auditions and 
rehearsals . After all, chaos and 
total improvisation are not part of 
what is intended here. The acts 
come to the Cafe, as Ms. Ganus· 
put it, "at various levels of 
rehearsaL" A planned piece is 
presented, but often without the 
polish of perfection which may 
resu lt in a pressured, cut and 
dried performance, rather than a 
fresh, relaxed one in which therp -

Art: 

Tonight at B:3O in the Revelle 
Cafeteria, one of South America's 
most popular and widely 

,discussed entertainers, Mercedes 
Sosa, will present an unusual 
concert of songs. 

She will be assisted by guitarist 
Santiago Alberto Bertiz . 

Miss Sosa, called " La voz de 
America, " the 'Voice of America, 
has enjoyed enthUSiastic 
receptions everywhere she has 
traveled on performance tour 
from her native Argentina. 

Some of her songs are the same 
as those identified in th is country 

Theatre on Thursday, February 6 
Speaking of Vienna ChOir Boys 

and Costume Operettas. I guess 
I'll mention one last time that 
tomorrow night is th e day Jethro 

• Tull plays to a sold out house at 
the Sports Arena (That's them In 
the picture). 

more recently with American 
singer Joan Baez, among them, 
"Gracias a la vida ." 

Also from out of town this 
week , the Vienna Choir Boys, will 
be presenting a concert of Sacred 
Music, Folk Songs and Costume 
Operettas, at the San Diego Civic 

And if you're looking for a rock 
concert that isn't sold out, Alvin 
Lee and Company (without Ten 
Years After), with Gentle Giant 
and openers American Tears, play 
Golden Hall on February 6 

Alvin lee and the Vienna Choir 
Boys playing next door to each 
other in one night??1 Whew ... 

18th Century English Graphics Loring Spitler 

The Mandeville Center Art Gallery has 
obtained from University Art Museum in 
Berkeley a howing of prints, drawings, and 
watercolors executed in England during the 
last half of the 1700's. The show will be on 
campus until February 21 , and open daily 
from 12-5, Sunday through Friday Works by 
Gainsboro. Rowlandson , Hogarth, Romney, 
and Reynolds are seen among the 55 pieces 
on exhibition 

Art of the 18th century was deeply 
ingrained in the elaborate, hyper-manneristic, 
artificiality of the Rococo tyle ; the 
Significance of English graphics during this 
p riod was the use of the medium of print-
making to spread the emerging concepts of 
Romanticism (which embraces a wide range, 
including compassionate human and societal 
concerns , naturalistic landscape, and 
classical revivals) . 

The show is presented in several catagories 
according to the subjects or themes displayed 
by the pieces . Perhaps the most significant, 
with respect to the direction of art during this 
period, is the group of landscapes . Within 
these watercolors and ink drawings, one can 
sense the emergence of a glorifying realism in 
the rendering of nature and human emotions; 
a sty le which completely possessed the 19th 
century, and sti ll holds an endearing grasp 
upon the majority of today's populace. This 
tyle's best known attitudes are displayed in 

two works by Gainsboro. 

The next malor category, one that filled the 
widening gap between the traditions and 
innovations of the period, is satire . Here, 
Rowlandson 's works satirize the traditional in 
art , government, and human ways, and Gilroy 

illustrates the patronizing imperialism of a 
British envoy bringing the Emperor of China 
gifts of toys . The characterizations employed 

"The Lost Drop." Pen and watercolor by 
Thomas Rowlandson 

A group of graphics done in the traditional 
styles of ancient historical and Biblical 
themes reflects the predominate image that 
most people have of the printmaking 
medium This group of 'the classics' is so 
dominate in its conformity of image, that it 
almost obscures that wnich should be the 
viewers growing appreciation of the details of 
the engraver's art . 

., he show advances with depictions of the 
then current scenes (a point of controversy 
for the artists of the day who felt that art 
should reflect the glory of society, not the 
daily trivia) . Joshua Reynolds' "Mrs. Siddons 
as the Tragic Muse" was rendered after his 
influencial painting (likewise for many of the 
show's prints), and displays a fascinating 
coloring technique. Whaley's depiction of the 
"Riot on Broad Street" reflects the 'current 
events' theme on a large scale, with a myriad 
of intriguing details. 

The final group of works by Hogarth (a 
dominate artist in the show) reveals his in-
volvement with a semi-satirical rendition of 
his contemporary society. "Marriage a la 
Mode" (a fantastic collage of details), casts a 
perceptive eye upon the practice of marriage 
arrangement. The end result of the betrothal 
(a divorce, as revealed in the sixth painting of 
his original suite) is subtly predicted by the ' 
pomposity of the' suitor, and the barely 
concealed frustration of the betrothed (which 
is more directly revealed by the rage of the 
symbolic Medusa hanging above her head) . 

The show is well grouped and cannot help 
but envoke a respect for the artists (and-Qr 
their engravers) and envelope the viewer in 

are familiar to most of us because of their an aura of historical relegation which is 
having been concurrent with the political _decidedly rare on the Muir campus (or in 
cartoons of our own Revolutionary period . most of our lives for that matter) 

UCSD CAMPUS PROGRAM 

The Great White Hope 
USB2722 7:30 & 10:00 75¢ 
• TvaD.&, or I'lL •• 

presents . 
DON MC LEOD 

WORLD'S FAIR MIMIST 

The magnificent 
Ambersons 

7:30 
The Lady from Shanghai 
USB2722 Q:OO Sl,OO 

..... • • • .. to .. .. .. • .. • .. • .. - • .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 

Revelle Cafeteria 
Feb. 8 8:30 pm 

UCSD Student 81.80 
General $8.00 
BOX OFFICE 
Student Center 
4B2·4889 

A lI.t of the Muir S.nlora who h, •• 
decl.red th.lr C.ndld.cy for Wlnler 
Gradu.tlon he. b •• n Potlled lull 
out.ld. the Muir P,o<o.t Offlc • . Pi .... 
.... k. certain your nllm. I. on thl. 1111. 
II 311 

VOCATIONAL INTEREST SURVEYS: 
Coun .. llng fOr m.jora .nd e ........ 
Mon 4-1, Tu.. 2.-3. 215150 H.L Jennl 
Murr.y. Acting ColI.g. D .. n. Hugh 
Pet ... Ph.-D. 13 141 

SEX CLINIC: Coun.ellng On S .. uel 
Problem.. W.d. 3-5 pm; R.vIIi. 
COun .. lora Offlc. (next to th. Rev. 
Provo.t OHlc.l. Judith Jorgln •• n. 
M.D.- Hugh P.t ••• Ph.D. 13 141 

ARAB EVENING with mo. I • . dinner. 
d.nclng with live mu.lc. F.b. 1. 8 pm, 
Int.rnatlon_1 Center . ... lor .tudent., f8 
no .... tud.ntl. For InfO & tlck.t.· 462-
mI. II 311 

EVERYTHING YOU EVER WANTED TO 
KNOW ABOUT BIRTH CONTROL. BUT 
wERE AFRAID TO ASK a dl.pl.y by 
Judy Goldfinch of the UCSD Birth 
Control Clinic i. now It the Clu.t.r 
Unde,gradu.t. Library and will be up 
through Val.ntln.·. Day. 11 311 

ALUMNI & FRIENDS OFFICE he •• 
.Iud.nt Intern _v_llebl. to .now.r 
qu .. llon. .nd racelvI .ugg •• tlon. 
about the Alumni orlllnl •• tion_ C.II 
Ron Rob.rta et 462-<W112. Or .top by 212 
MC. Tu .... Wed .. FrI.. 1 .. pm. 12-51 

112 D_y CAREER PLANNING 
WORKSHOP SPONSORED BY C .... r 
Plennlng. Mond.y. F.b. 3. R.gl.trltlon 
and furthlr Inlorm.tlon .t 302MC. 12 31 

HUGHES AIRCRAFT COMPANY 
elECTRON DYNAMICS DIVISION on 
cempu. Mond.y, Feb. 3. S .. k" BA. 
MS. PhD In Phy.lc •• nd Engln .. ring 
(electric.lI . M.k. .ppolntm.ntl .t 
Cer •• r Plenning. 302MC. 12 31 

ATT REVELLE WINTER GRADUATES: 
A lilt of Winter 1m R.vell. ColI.ge 
g .. du".. I, POlt.d on the boerd 
outlld. the Rev.11e Prowo.t'. Offlc • . 
Check to mek. aur. your neme I, On it . 
1271 

The UCSD Script lIb .. ry. loceted on 
Third Colleg • • 81g «11, will be op.n 
during lhe follOWing hou .. :Mon. 12-1; 
Wed. 12:1&-1 :11; ThurL 1-2. 11 311 

The Gradu.te Stud.nt Council ,. 
currently cOMld.ring funding rlQu .. tI 
lor prOjecte Or progrlm. which b.nellt 
Or In.olv. gred .tudentl. Send .ny 
funcllng requ .. te to the G .. d Student 
Council C 0 Stud.nt C.nter by WId. 
F.b. Ith. 12 3) 

CALPIRG f .. cerda for thl. qu."er ... 
nOW .v.lleble.t EDNA -- PI ... pick up 
If yOU _nt your 10 cerd. 11 211 

ATTENTION THIRD Winter & Spring 
G .. duation C.ndlcletee: Contect Mrs. 
Joyc. Fletch« In the Acedemlc Ad-
mlng Ofc. 81g. 412 Rm 11 MC for final 
dee ... check. (By Appl 12 101 

Unc!erv.... Inll_ted In .xhlbltlng 
drewlngl/PIIlntingl Fill 3 - Fill 14 It UC 
Art G.II..., IMYtI Mm., phone no .. & 
.hort deec:ription of your worit et the 
VI. Arta offiCI In .pproprlate bOll •• 
.oon •• p_lble 11 311 

Oet-tovet ..... for no .... mok.,. .ged 20 
to 30 ~ for Info. (1 311 

Bloiogy/Chemietry Clinic . Open 12-1 
Inci 7-10 Mon I"rough Thure from 12-3 
on Frilnd from 7-10 Sun nI,1na for your 
convenl..,., • . Muir 2B - 231. 12 31 

Worehlp S.Nlc •• t Unlv.ralty Church. 
_ La JoIIII Sho_ Dr: C.thollc - ' :30 
1m Ind 1:00 pm; luthe .. n - 10:00 .m; 
EpllcOp.1 - 12:30 pm, EVlryone i. 
welcom • . (1 31 I 
etudlnt Fell_hlp contlnv. • • ..., 
",ncley. 7:00 to 1:00 pm .t the lounge of 
IJnlv ... lty Luth,,"n Church. Kim 
Borchert .nd M.rlane PI .. on will 
p_nt " A Conv_tion:' G ... ld Erno. 
gultarlat, will I.d In .ong. 11 311 

Photo Imports 
COlT)ero Exchonge 

"a real 
cam era store" 

Bul'-Tr ~Rep if 
8199 Clairmont 

Mesa Blvd. 
565-9995 

P .. xe 7 Triton Times January 31 , 1975 



ttentlon ~' Trenlcendentel 
M ... tors: T wlH be en edvenced 
....... '" end. p meetltellon Mon. 

. Set7PM II' "-velIe Formellaunee. 
Joe Rieker. _-1140 or 211-1111. 
1.I.M.I.112 31 

The meetine .. I:. Mondlly et the 
ltudent C ..... The Co-op. you,... 12 
II 

for sale 
Flee..., GT flber1l ........ ,.."., UNd. 
• cm. _. C-2I1. or __ 7417. 12 31 

.... & H_el111 m.m. lOUnd projector 

.... 'U GMC pick-up'" or offer. C -
CIZ1I. 11 311 

Dyneco Pel3x PrMmp MO; dyneco mk 
Iv Imp' 121 .., N ; blc em/fm tuner .71; 
.. rerdh IIiIb chenger G ; "rge Idvent 
IPHke,.. .,., pro All MOIl. Tom or Mike 
2JO.G31 . 11 31' 

II. unpowered. 
live Iboard. Itmoepherlc. 2 bdrm. kltch. 
bath & IIv. rm. tIi.500 Or b .. t offer. 224-
3118 11 31' 

Skill Ibrand new' Filch., GI .. I Grl. 
1206 cm' .70 Or b .. t offer. SR-l0 T.I. 
cllcul.tor. Like n_ ..,. Brad 463-7!i87. 
1210' 

1974 NORTON Interatete Cycle. Perfect 
condition 1710.00 or b .. t offer. Call 219-
3336. 11 31' . 

VAMAHA 12 .trlngguitar ."0. 462-8146 
11 31' 

AKAI 2500. 7" Reel to rHI deck auto 
reverae. auto ItOP. xlnt condo MUlt leU. 
cheap. 4811-4019. 12 7) 

TIX. Inltrumentl SR·50·I. we can beat 
any Iltd price. QUICK delivery. 2 yr. 
guarentee. Bert 462·9848. 13 14) 

·I7SAAB. 2 .trokelno valvel' . 30 m.p.g. 
New engine. tran.miSllon. clutch. etc. 
.1000 Bruce 236-8176 or 468-6112. 11 31) 

Scuba Geer - Regulator. Tank. Back-
pack. 2 preSlure gauges. All for '120. 
Evenings 463-7389. 12 3) 

SKI BOOTS - Flo Size 12 & 1/2. Gr .. t 
Intermediate Boots for big fHt. Call 
462-9613 Roger 11 311 

Stuff fro Sale: Stereo. M .. terwork 
taO.OO; sewing machine. 1M3 Singer. 
'26.00; bike. ladies la-IPeed Clubman. 
taO.OO; camerl. Mamiya Sekor with loti 
of acceSloriel. .300. 462-0ri7 or 462-
2022. 11 31) 

1919 Toyota Corolla. 87.000 mllel and 
It III going strong'" 462~ or 462-
2022 11 31) 

JETHRO TULL TlCKETSI Call tonite 
after 8 pm-till midnight. Concert 
tomorrow. 469-&419 11 31) 

Refrigerator and Itove: .26.00 each; 1 
I.,ge peraian rug and 3 .mall matching 
rug • . taO.OO 463-e&46 IJoyce' for info. 11 
31) 

397 lb. gorilla. well trained. hou.e 
broken 462-90186 Betty l ldle 11 31' 

1969 HOND~ ., CB runs well. great 
mileage '301 ' 462-4326 Day.; 481-9382 
EvIlS. 11 31' 

1966 DODG c cornet SOO .•. Clean all 
powar - radic -h. atar Air c.un .... GOO.DO !lr 
belt offer 2i0-4364 Evenings 11 31' 

1980 VW rabLl IIt engine. very good condo 
$66() or best offer. Tom 463-8461 11 31) 

72 Chevelle SS Excellent Condition 
Must Seel .2100 or1 488-6994 11 31, 

1974 Fender Stratocaster. Sunburst. 
Maple neck. Ex. Condo .226. 481-0496. 12 
31 

UCSD SOARING CLUB .olrd M .. tlng 
and Ground School. 8:111 and 7:00. 
Monday. Feb. 2 et the Soaring Club 
office I next to Book Co-op et Revelle'. 
Everybody Invhedl 12 3) 

Phl-Omege-Alphe DeItII - A _Iy 
orgenlzed lororlty on cempUI II 
holding "pUeh night" on Mon. Feb. S .t 
7:30 In Upper B .. ke lounge. 14th floor) 
ell femele ltuclents welcome 12 3' 

Vlhemekl D.'ux.12 at Gulter. Exc .... nt 
Condition & good Ictlon .1211.00 
w/eeml hefdahell _ C-81a 12 3) 

Jethro Tull tlcketa for tr8CIe. Any night 
other man 2/3 In Sen Diego or LA. C-
_ Judy (131) 

•• TRIUMPH SPITFIRE- SHARP- '17 
solid motor. brend _ pelnt. top Ind 
CIIrpet. fun to drive. "I .. v.,. MOO or 
trade. 411-111i13 12 6' 

'17 HONDA 360. xlnt condition. rebuilt 
engine. $3IiO 481-9&113 12 6) 

Dunl.p Tenni. RQt. 4 5/8 med gut .26; 
Wet Suit fit. 6'0 - 1~ lb •• 20; C.mera 
V •• hlca R.nge finder $46. Doug 766-
6911 12 3' 

Humanlc Ski Bootl Ladie. 6 Xcellent 
condo Veil ow .ki parkl sm. Dana 462-
9261 (23) 

SKISI HEAD 360' • • 200 cm. w I marker 
rota mats. Ju.t filed & hot wIXed. $60. 
Fine shlpel 76&-3631 Eve • . 12 6) 

" Pachinko" Deluxe automatic pinball 
mlchln.. Excellent condition. .26. or 
belt offer. 462.0e&9 eVlnlngl. 11 29) 

Used Calculltor. Tex In.truments SR·50 
Or comparable. Needed .oon. Jo •. 226-
8776. After 5 p.m. 11 31) 

SKI 'I KI.tle CPM 196'1 w/look grand 
prix blndingl. Scott Pole •• 116.00 Boot. 
DOlamide foam w / new bl.dde,. and 
foem kit. $!iO. NOlh 273-9801 12 3) 

New 7'8" Surfbo.rd. 1/ 4" spruce 
string.r only $III. 763-4274 11 31) 

Upright Pleno. work. well .150 Jon 464-
:m3 11 31) 

1964 Karm.n Ghl. newly rebuilt .ngln. 
29 MPG. nHd. body work '360.00 e -
5287 (2 3) 

2 Schwinn Varalty 10 SPEED BICVCLES 
$90 & $46. One never u •• d 412-0881(131) 

1969 Ford Vln Clmper V-8 auto. crul .. 
control. c .b .radlo. m.g.. mlch.llngl. 
burgler .'arm & m.ny .xtra •• 18 mpg. 
2600 or trade for cer or bike t c •• h 
difference. 270-4781 . 11 31) 

1964lnt'l Scout Four-wheel drive. mlny 
off-road .cc ... orles. Sterao and mlny 
extra •.• 1600 463-1218 anY1ime 12 3' 

PORTABLE G.E. T.V. - Black and whlte -
91n. screen. very good condition $26.00 
Joe n 270-6834 11 31' 

Save $70.50 Stili under factory 
guarantee HP-46 Scientific Pocket 
Calculator bought 4 months ago for 
$344.50 1325 l' tex' . Will sacrlflc. for 
only $274. or best offer. Call ev.ning. 
748-0947. 11 31) 

lero 100 Turntable. Exc. Condo New 
with warante. cerd ADCI XLM Car-
tridge . top of the line. 462-0378 $160 .. 
Negotisble 11 31) 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASHI Paying Top Dollar 
for your U.S. Silver Coin. minted before 
1964. Ken 462 9326 (3 24' 

Page 8 Triton Times ,.muary 1, 1975 

music 
Noon D.ne. Concert p,....nted by 
dram. 122B .tud.nta. Jln 31 . M.C. 401 
(1 31) 

Chamber mu.lc marathon - Feb. 1 from 
4 pm. Room 8210 M.nd. Cntr. Free 11 
31, 

Sell me your G'RFFIN Intro. Math-
Analyall Revl8ed ed. DIY 4&2-3710. 
Night 431-1 • . Blrbera. 11 31) 

Dlapenltel Anyone willing to ... , one 
or two tlcketa to Arab Ev.nlng at In-
tern.t. Ctr.? P.tty 4113-1127 I.av. 
_g.I131, 

VW MECHANICS: One of your number 
il need.d for .merg.ncy .ervlclng of 
our v.hlcle. Garret Bruen., Ext 44150 11 
31' 

If you have eny a."y J.zz .Ibum. Ii .•. 
Duke Ellington. Jelly Roll Morton. Art 
Tatum) and would let me borrow them 
to li.ten to for a project. c.1I DuH It 462-
9046 after 7. 1'2 3 ~ 

Floor hocky player wanted. 4&2-9861 11 
31) 

Long John Wetsuit to fit peraon 5'9". 
481 -9415 11 31' 

TF's GRADS PROF'. EARN .2000 Or 
more & FREE 5-8 WEEKS IN EUROPE" 
AFRICA" ASIA. Nat ionw ide 
educational org.nlzation needs 
Qualified I.adera for H.S . and College 
group.. Send n.m.. addre... phone. 
school. resum • . le.derahip experience 
to: Center for Foreign Study. P.O. Box 
606. Ann Arbor. MI 48107. 12 3' 

1 Ticket for " Th. BirthdlY Party" on 
Sat. Feb. 8. Larry 766-6125 12 3) 

housing 
Auomate Wanted: to .h.,e with 3 
others teII.26 month LI Joll. ViII.g. 
Apt. unfurnl.hed Ev. 436-7014 11 31) 
SUPER II Two Story P.B. Home. MorF. 
Furn. and Utll • . • 75 per month. 270-7378 
"31) 

ROOMMATE WANTED to .her. two. 
bedrm. furn . • pt. on M' •• 'on Bay. Share 
room . • 70. 488-1131 .fter 6. 12 3) 

M or F to .hare 2 bdr. Ipt - 11067 La Jolla 
Hermo .. Blvd . • 100 mo. CaU J im __ 
6337 or e -_ . "31) 

Hou •• mat. needed for b .. utiful 4 
bedroom. 4 bath Del Mer hom.. Own 
room. 1/4 block from belch . • 96. 76&- ' 
7518. 11 31) 

For lea.e - 2 bedroom • • 2 storiel and 8 
privlte little yard. Near UCSD .236. 462-
0637 or 462-2022 (1 31) 

Own room In hou.e. Sol.na B.ach. 1 
Block from belch 75.00. move in 2/3; 1st 
rent due 2/10. 766-0639. I~ 3' 

Roomate needed. La Joll. Villag. 2 bd. 
2 bath. Available Immedl.tely 61.26 plu. 
utilities. Laundry. pOOl. jacuzzI. 3/4 m. 
from UCSD 463-7014 (1 31' 

Two female roommate. n.ed.d to 
share beautiful 3-bedroom houl. In Del 
Mar for spring quarter. 766-6648. 12 7) 

Hou.emate wanted - own room in twO 
story. four bedroom Del Mar home. 
• 100 month 766-2841 12 3) 

F-roomate wanted: to .hare two bdrm 
apt. $83.33. In Oal Mar non·lmokers. 
Nita 766-79n (1 31' 

lectures 
WOmen'. Evolution - From M.trlarche' 
C"n to Patriarchal F.mlly. Speeker: 
Patty Iyama. Fri. 8:00 pm .t the milltent 
form. " EI Cajon Blvd. 210-121211 31' 

D .. Mer. Oc .. n View. Sing" room own 
bath. In 3 bedroom dupl.x. Laundry. 
.106/mo. Ii07 Camino d.1 Mar 7115-1241. 
11 31) 

N M.B. Oc .. n Front Condo own room 
.133.00 "un. fac . .. Iygolng P.rty type 
peOp" eftar 8:00 278-8331 12 6' 

F.m.l. wlnted to .here room In dupl.x 
In 0., Mer. 1/2 block from bHch. 
" .001 mo. 481-1230 12 3' 

Own room in 3 br hou.. in Sol.ne 
Be.ch. VI_. tell. plu. utlliti ... Prefer 
F.mll • . 76&-2OIi7. 11 31' 

Own room In 3-b.droom hou.. In 
Enclnlta • . 1 1/2 block. to be.ch. neer 
Crul.er. Gary 431-4789 after 6 p.m. 123' 

Roomm.te Wlnted to .h.,e 3 bid room 
apartment with 2 other .tudents in 
Pacific B •• ch. Own room $83.00 per 
month. 270-3061 12 3) 

Femal. Roomete nHd.d Immedl.telyl 
Clo.e to c.mpu • . La Joli. Vililge Apts. 
$80 .+ utilltle • . 462-8317 after 5 p. m. 11 
31' 

Roomm.t. Need.d l· -Own Room in 
Pllymour Condo. 10 min. biking 
distance - free bu. - .75 pl m Pat 462-
0666 12 '3' 

. 

services 
TYPING · MARILVN would Ilk. to type 
your piper. theli.. etc. She I. ex-
perlenc.d on .11 typel of PIPera. f •• t . 
re •• on.bl. and ha. an IBM. Pi .... call 
her .t 616-7060. (1 31) 

Tune uP'. brak ••• minor repair. good 
work. low prlc ... Mike. 412-1812 or 
lelve me ... g.. 12 5) 

RESEARCH AIDS - Can.de·. "rg .. t 
•• rvlc • . For c.talogu ••• nd $2 to: E ... y 
S.rvlces. 17 Sp.dlne Av... No. •• 
Toronto. Onterlo. C.nldl. C.mpu. 
repre.entatlv •• required. Pi .... write. 
1111 

Income TIJI - DI.count .tudenta. ltaH. 
faculty . 7111-8228 Itter 4 pm. 14 14' 

TYPIST. Fa.t. 4Ii c.nts per p.gl. Call 
463-9272. 

FRENCH CONVERSATION by n.tlv. 
'Plaker. low rat ... ELISABETH. 481 -
9&113. 12 5' 

" HOW TO GET INTO GRAD SCHOOL" -
By UCSD grad .tudents. Send $3 to: 
P.H.O.-G .• Box 72. Rt. 1. Del Mar 9201411 
31' 

CHILD CARE 11 toddler) AND LIGHT 
HOUSEKEEPING IN EXCHANGE FOR 
ROOM AND BOARD IN FACULTY 
HOME ACROSS STREET FROM 
UNIVERSITY. PRIVATE ROOM BATH 
SEPARATE ENTRANCE. MUST HAVE 
BLOCKS OF TIME PREFERABLE 
MORNINGS. 462·3417. (2 6) 

MENI -- WOMENI 
JOBS ON SHIPSI No experlenc • 
required. Excellent P'y. Worldwld. 
trav.1. p.rfect lummer job Or cer .. r. 
S.nd .3.00 for inform.tion. SEAFAX. 
Dapt. B 17 P.O. BOil 2049. Port Angele • • 
W •• hlngton 98312 12 10' 

A PORTUGUESE FEMINIST SPEAKS: 
Merll 1 •• b.1 BI"eno will ,p.lk 
Tu .. day Feb. 4th .t 3 pm. 1402 HL Bldg . 
123' 

Hlrry P.rtch: T_.rd • wortd mu.1c II: 
monophony. the "ngUig. of retlo Ind 
proportion Fri Jln 31 7:30 pm ... MC 11 
31' 

travel 
CHARTERS TO EUROPE 117110wllt Ilr 
fer.. from $310. Round trip to LON-
DON. Also I bit more. fllghta to: AM-
STERDAM •• RUSSELS IRELAND 
FRANKFURT Ind .om. comblnetlone 
into one city out .nother. In Sin 01,,0 
.Ince 1921. Cell DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEL 211-8141. A.o .tudent rail 
pe .. es. CIIr rente I • • purchl_. etc. on 
.11 travel c.1I 211-814'. Ip/lnc) 

EUROPE·ISREAEL-AFRICA-ORIENT 
Stud.nt fIlghta y .. r round. Contact: 
ISCA. 11187 Sin Vincent. Blvd. No. 4. 
LA. C.llf. 90048. Tel: (213) 1121-_. l12li-
0966. 13 14' 

SSW Trav.1 Offlc. · ON CAMPUS · 
EUROPE. NV. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'I Student 10. Eurail. Host.1 Cerd • • 
Tripping Maglzine. etc .... UCSD In· 
ternation.1 C.nter 462-0130 11.m-4pm 
M.W.F. ONLV Clo.ed Tue-Thura. (3 14' 

lost and found 
Found: Women' . gold w.tch In Urey 
Hell Plrking lot Jan 28. Id.ntify In 
Triton Time. office. 11 31' 

Found: Woman'. gold watch during 
final'. w •• k (Dec 7' Idantlfy the 
engrav.ment on blck; it'. youra. Gerl 
270-3499 11 31) 

Lo.t . Till thermo. around student 
center 1/23 J.ck 463-9419. AnY1lme 11 
31' 

Loat Brown wIII.t between Muir & 
M.tthew. In parking lot. If found 
contact D.bble. _ -9040. Pi .... return 
belonging • . 11 31) 

latin Dictlon.ry. Loat .pprox. J.n. 10. 
C ••• ell· • • gr .. n .nd red. R_.rd 'V". 
e -S377 11 31) 

LOST: Sliver wire rlmm.d g ...... In 
b .. ck ce". C.II __ 6401 or INva In TT 
offlc.. Rew.,d. 11 31) 

LOST: Pllr of .ung ...... In b"ck c .... 
Wed. or Thura. on c.mpu.. If found 
pl.... contact Sherry 462-11'7 . 
R_erdl 11 31) 

Found: Wire-rlmm.d g"._ .nd c .. e 
on w .. t .Id. of B .. k. H.II. Pick up .t 
library. (1 31) 

Found: 2 key. on Muir p.rklng lot 1/27. 
C"'m It T.T. 11 31' 

LOST: Thr .. 1x11 poat.ra of glld.rs. 
Much aentlmentel I.nlffll v.lu • . Bret. 
462-8463. 11 31) 

LOST: NIVY blu •• w •• tshlrt with whlta 
.trip. down .... v... Return to T.T. 
offlc • . 11 31) 

(oat: COlt with f.k. whit. fur. return to 
B·14 T.n.y. HIli or 462-..... 11 31' 

Lo.t: Copp., barrette. Sentlm.ntal 
v.lu • . 463-1178 11 31) 

Lo.t: Green pl.ld wool Ilcket with 
zipper in front. R.turn to T.T. offlc. or 
448-a2. R.w.,dl 11 311 

Found: Man'. w.tch found Saturday 
afternoon In men'. lock., room. If c.n 
de.crib •. Cln hav • . m ·21C)3 11 31, 

Lost: Set of key • • Mond.y morning. 1· 
27 75. Ple .. e call m -5I8O or INve in 
T.T. office. (1 31) 


