
Political Science Majors 
Form Student Union 

Believing that lack of student input into academic areas is due to 
the apathetic tendencies and non-organization of students, a group 
of political science majors attempting to alleviate this situation 
within their own department have formed the Political Science 
Students Union. 

Chancellor Asked to Make 6 % 
Cut in Ho.using Prices Increases 

The initial meeting, held last week with 25 poly sci majors out of 
the 65 registered in attendence, was designed to aquaint the 
students with each other and to establish goals, strategies and the 
union's organizational structure. 

Indicated at the meetins were the great divisions, concerning 
which p'hilosophies and strategies th~ union would adhere to among 
the members which the union will have to overcome if it is to 
become a viable organ. A consensus, however, was received on 
organizational and goal-oriented matters. 

"Good Educ~to"" 
Building a well-rounded department and employing "good 

Educators" were considered a primary goal. To accomplish them the 
union agreed that the poly sci students should be allowed input into 
the policy and hiring decisions of the department. The belief was 
expressed by the co-founders of the union, Jeri Cabot, Lloyd 
Thacker and Mitch 'Thompson, that the poly sci department had 
denoted " prestigeous appointments, excellent researchers and 
exclusion of certain political beliefs" as primary concerns; concerns 
which are not held by many political science students. 

Responding to the above allegations, Sanford Lakoff, chairman of 
the political science department said, "Our aim is not to produce a 
narrow department. Political opinions are irrelevant; they don't 
deter or inspire us. We want the department to have some spec-
trum; to expose the students to all noints of view." 

Meeting M onday 

by P~iti Wolf 
A motion to request that the 

Chancellor attempt to reduce the 
proposed 1975-76 dorm and 
apartment rates approximately six 
percent from the average 
projected 15.7 percent increase 
was approved earlier this week by 
the Housing and Food Services 
Advisory Committee. 

The committee voted to ask 
campus administration members 
involved (the Director of Housing 
and Food Services, the Chancellor 
and the Vice-Chancellors) to 
reduce the rates by "any means 
possible without cutting the level 
of service to the students." 
Concern that the increase in the 

dorm room and board rate (from 
51,459 this year to a possible 
51,672 with an apartment in-
crease of from 5759 to 5882) will 
create on-campus vacancies that 
will not be filled forced the 
committee to seek all possible 
items to reduce or eliminate. 
Though examining the budget 

COOp Still Has No BRG Coordinator 
by Rich Yep 

The Student Cooperative is still 
without a coordinator for its 
Budget Resource Group (BRG) 
following a meeting Monday at 
which it was suggested that the 
Coop vote not to elect one at all . 

Problems began when the Coop 
was preparing to elect a new BRG 
coordinator . Of the five 
nominees, two withdrew their 
names (Tad Sperry and Kirk 
Robinson) and another can-
didate, Joe McCracken, failed to 
attend the meeting. Th is left two 
candidates, Doug Wallace, who 
lives in the same suite as four 
other BRG members and Tom 
Tanarl3, Young American 's for 
freedom member. 

Motionshil 
Alex Annala moved that the 

nominations be re-opened with 
voting to take place immediately 
afterwards. This motion failed as 
did the following motion to table 
the election to the next meeting. 

After an interpretation of 
parlia mentary procedure, a 
motion to reconsider Annala's 
motion passed and nominations 
were opened. 

In addition to Tanana and 
Wallace, Alex Annala, Gina 
Capaldo, and Barbard Weintraub 
were added as candidates for 
BRG coordinator. 

Weintraub came under sharp 
critic ism because of her 
declination to run last week due 
to "a lack of time." "She 
(Wei ntraub) only has time 
because I dropped out (of the 
election)," commented Kirk 
Robinson . 

External Affairs coordinator 
Marco LiMandri said, "There's no 

good amount of color here, and /\fter 30 minutes and ten 
voting gives me a very uneasy motions, the Coop couldn't come 
feelinl! " to any choice for a BRG coor-

Alex Annala 
LiMandri went on to make a 

motion asking that Joe Mc-
Cracken still be considered even I 
though he was not in attendance 
at the meeting. The motion 
failed . 

LiMandri made yet another 
motion that the Coop not vote for 
a BRC coordinator . When asked 
what the consequences would be, 
LiMandri answered, "1 don't 
know, but I don't think the Coop 
can make a legitimate vote." 

dinator and students began to 
walk out. The Coop los.t its 
necessary 3O-member quorum 
and was adjourned. 

The Spring referendum 
committee, which deals with the 
referendum asking students 
whether or not they want the 
Coop as their government and 
other student interest questions, 
will have an input meeting 
Tuesday at 2:00 p.m. in the 
tudent center conference room. 

Students, Faculty Discuss R evelle GE R equirements 
by Frank L~Fo,.e 

In a meeting facilitated by Advocacy Center 
membef Lloyd Thacker, some fifteen Revelle 
tudents talked last week with three UC San Diego 

facu lty members about the Revelle general 
education requirements. I n attendance were 
Russel Doolittle and Charles Perrin of the Chemistry 
department and psychology department chairman 
Donald Norman. 

wa )uggestea that the profe sors who tea h 
Humanities meet and dis uss how the equence 
should be taught . It was explained by the faculty 
member that any agreement would be very dif-
ficult, if not impo sible, imply because each 
profes or ha his own view on how the our e 
'ihould be taught 

1"'110 Continuity 
On of the predominant complaint wa~ the lack 

of continuity in the Humanities sequence and it 

Among the other complaint wa that th r 
mu h empha I In the GE requirement on len e 
and not enough on the so ial ci n e . Anoth r 
complaint was that there is not enough for 
non- (len e major 

thoroughly, the committee was 
only able to reduce the housing 
rates by 540, which, according to 
Revelle Dean Ernie Mort, "won't 
make a difference. We have to 
cut 5100 per student to insure 
good occupancy." 

Other Cuts 
Elimination of the hiring of a 

food serviCe coordinator and a 
buyer, reduced postal service 
(specifics were not spelled out, 
but they could include reduction 
of employment hours of the 
postal workers at Muir and Third, 
the installation of stamp 
machines at the colleges and the 

leasing of mail boxes to students 
instead of providing them free of 
charge), the usage of debit 
service money and the 
elimination of the 14-meal plan 
were approved as ways to assist in 
the budget reduction . 
"The (budget) figures are putting 

us in a bind," said Third College 
Dean Ray Dye, prefacing his 
proposal that the committee 
allow further budget cuts to be 
undertaken by " persons with 
expertise in budget matters." 

The convictions st ressed by the 
committee are that the S1,672 

Continued on P~ge 7 

News Analysis 
Why No Department 
For Communications? 

by Cliff Hirsch 
The Communications Program 

at UC San Diego will undergo 
various transformations in 
coming months. New majors in 
Communications/Visual Arts 
pnd Commun ications/Sociology 
have been created, and a 
proposal exists for the creation 
of a Communications/ 
Anthropology major. 

By January of next year. the 
mult i-m illion dollar Th ird 
College communications 
cp mplex is scheduled for 
completion. This facility will 
house two fully equipped color 
television studios and control 
rooms, as well as supplemental 
editing and production 
workshops. 

With this enlargement of the 
Communications Program and 
the growing number of Com-
mun ications majors (more than 
120 as of last Fall), many feel 
that Communications should be 
a department rather than a 
program . Two proposals for 
departmentalization have been 
rejected by the A cademic 
Senate (AS) . 

Until recently, the formulation 
of a third proposal was seriously 
being considered . This is now a 
dead issue. According to Vice-

ancellor for Academic Affairs 
Saltman, " If they (those in 
Commun.ications Program) 
talking about making a 

partment, it is fruitless ." 
Obsolete Reasoning 

However, much of the AS's 
ittee on Educational 

icy's (CEP) reasoning behind 
rejections of the two 

previous proposals now appears 
to be obsolete. Example : Among 
the reasons cited by the CEP in 
the rejection of a 1970 proposal 

a "tendency to identify the 
roposed Communications 

npn;u·tmIPnt once and for all 
Third College-a tendency 

not to make the most of the 
departmental-collegiate struc-
ture of UCSD." But in 1975 
fewer than half of the Com-
munications majors at UCSD are 

rolled at Third College . 
pie: In 1972, the CEP 

ieved that a Communications 
ment could not prosper 

here because it would not be 
able to dev lop in ";elative 
i olation ." However, Stanford, 
USC, UCLA, the Univer ities of 
Pennsylvania , Michigan , 
Illinoi s, M innesota , Iowa, 
W i consin, and Loyola all have 

ications department, 
and 128 coli ges and univer-
itie in California alone offer 

in truction in journali m 
altman has aid that the 

now that 
not 

establ ished at any of the 
campuses in the face of the 
Governor's budget . 

The aforementioned growth in 
the Communications program at 
one point actually threatoned 

its present programs. At the 
Communications Advisory 
Committee meeting where the 
proposal of the joint SOCiology 
and _ Visual Arts majors were 
approved, there was discussion 
as to whether or not the straight 
Communications major should 
be eliminated. 

Can't Hire Faculty 
In addition , the Com-

munications program IS not 
-allowed to hire its own faculty, 
and must accept joint ap-
pointments with other 
departments . Up until the 
present time, Sociology is the 
only department which has 
made joint appointments with 
Communications. 

Visual Arts has two ap-
pointments allotted to it to staff 
the new Commur,;r"ltions 
facility . Officially, these are 
Commun ications isual Arts 
joint appointments . However, 
Vi ual Arts has never consulted 
Communications as to what 
kind of person shall be hired. In 
effect, the new media facility 
will be sta ffed and run by Visual 
Arts. 

All policies of the Com-
munications program are 
formulated by the Com-
munications Advisory Com-
mittee. On this six-member 
committee, only two members 
are from the Communicat ions 
Program (one profe sor and one 
tudent) The four other 

memb r are from variou UCSD 
departments. 

To strengthen a tructure, one 
u ually builds it up rather than 
breaking It down . With the 
Communi atum Program, the 
UCSD admlnl tratlon appear to 
b lieve that th oppo ite I true 
Th eem t belle that 

OlllnlUrtlLatlons ooe not know 
what I good for It If A 
altman ay'i , "The I u I r'nt 

to kill ommunlcatlon , but the 
I su I how do ou make 

ommunlCatlon an Cltln, 
ognltlve, Important part of an 

undergradudt pro ram . " 



Letters 

AttacW Misrepresents Cohen 
In response to Francis Filloux's letter of March 7, concerning Dr. 

Alain Cohen's Humanities 6 class: I was angered by the comments 
expressed in thoe letter, not only because I disagreed with Filloux's 
opinion, but bef:ause many of his accusations and appeals were unfair 
and, at times, total misrepresentations of the facts. 

I agree that Cohen's lectures have been more difficult to understand 
than past Humanities classes-partly because of his Freudian ter-
minology and partly because of his thick accent. However I have 
found the 'majority of the lectures this quarter fascinadng. The 
Freudian approach utilized by Cohen is totally new to me, and it has 
channelled my views of life in a totally different direction. After a few 
lectures (and a few sections), it became increasingly easy to un-
derstand the terms and grasp the concepts that Cohen was attempting 
to outline. If Filloux must "strain the bounds of my intellect in all good 
faith in order to gather up little bits and pieces of the hidden message 
which happens to pierce through the mist of Cohen's pedantic jargon," 
the bounds of his intellect must be very small. I, for one, have picked 
up a lot of knowledge from the class. In regard to Cohen's comment 
that " the purpose of education is to confuse," I believe the original 
statement went something like this: "The purpose of education is to 
clear you up where you were confused, and confuse you where you 
thought you were clear," i.e., that nothing is so definite that new 
knowledge can't make it confUSing again.·1 would suggest that Filloux 
open his mind up to some new outlooks on the things he thought were 
so COli crete, and maybe learn something from the material that has 
been discussed in Cohen's class. 

While we did not read the writings of such "significant" authors of 
the period as Rousseau, Hugo, Balzac, et ai, the books we did read 
were equally important and probably more relevant. Les Liaisons 

D~nlereuses was a very interesting study of women and the social life 
in pre-Revolutionary France; D~nton's De~th outlined some of the 
most important probelms of humanity; and certainly Freud and Marx 
could not be termed "insignificant." I would like to know who gave 
Filloux a degree in either literature, history, or philosophy that makes 
him more qualified to determine the reading material and structure of 
a Human ities course than Cohen. 

One of my other professors once commented on the lack of desire of 
Revelle students to be challenged. Filloux illustrated that theory by his 
letter: the minute a professor takes a different approach to a class or, 
more speCifically, an entire time period, some students get upset. 
Why? Because they are being "confused where they thought they were 
clear" and that is more difficult to grasp-it is a challenge. It is too bad 
that Mr. Filloux's mind was so closed; he might have learned 
something if he'd really "in all good faith" wanted to. 

Ilene Hirsch 

Academic Poetry 
DESIDERATA FOR FINAL'S WEEK 

My Beloved Friends and Earnestly Esteemed Neighbors, 
We, The Many Ring-Wraithes of the oh so strange and mysterious 
Ludnisrodkab-Kavelevelsevin, sadly regret to inform 
All of you that : Love's Labor Is Still LO"T (hopelessly)-
We cannot sleep in the bed we made-it lies there hopelessly 
Empty, while the Paradise of " In Grades We Trust" eludes our 
Catatonic, demyelinated grasp ... 

And since we cannot find love in this world (with all of youl, 
We must search for it in the (Sacred?) Books- • 
We are "even academics searching 'printed word." 
And though the quest be insanely hopeless, sadly perverting and 
Deeply in the vain, 
We fear we must tell you that we are 
Sincerely, severely, serenely 
OUT TO LUNCH UNTIL MARCH 22, 1975 AD! ! ! ... 
and hence are unavailable for amusement purposes 
RIGHT NOW. 

A sad and wretched fate .. . 

Pardon Us, Forgive Us, and make sacrificial offerings for mercy 
On our fitifully wretched souls, we beg you . 
The Tests, those dire witnesses, approacheth with 
Steady and Sonorous Tread. 

Sincerely, YOJr Humble and Loving Servantfriends Brotherfriends 
Sisterlovers, : lie Legio Tenebrae, i.e., IIle Nadbads{vad Lupus ' 
Unocullus. 

anonymous 

M.lcolm A. ! mfth. F.dltor Klrt< Robln.on. Sport. Editor 
Edw.rd E. 51 .... 011 • • Mana.ln. Editor rid SP4lrry. Photo Editor 
John H. r.yl" r. City Editor Var.rla Glr.rd. A •• oc. City Editor 
Jonl Moody, COpy Editor D.vld C ... ldy. A •• oc. City Editor 
C"'rl .. Hllmler. Edltorl.1 Director M .... WoeIblr. A .. oc. City Editor 
Rick Rocteweld, .u.I ..... Mln ••• r JIm •• G . Soto. A .... c. City Editor 
Lerry Decllel, Arts Editor K.thy COKI, Secretary 

Mert< McCerty, Contrlbutln. Edit", 

11 Evaluation 
Grad Student Action Photo Essay 

Mark Stadler's article, " Lit Grads Stage 'Work 
Action: " in Monday's issue misrepresents the 
reasons for dissatisfaction which led to the work 
action decision of March 5. 

Stadler writes that, "Coming out of that flurry of 
meetings (between SommE'rs and administration 
officials) was an offer of employment to all 
Literature grad students except those who have 
already accumulated 12 or more quarters of sup-
port ." 

The "offer" to which Stadler refers, however, was 
in no wayan "offer," a "prom ise," or a " gl'arantee" 
of any kind. It was merely Sommers' and Dijkstra's 
appraisal, no doubt in good faith, of what they 
perceived as the likely job situation in the first week 
of the spring quarter. 

.Clearly, we graduate students could not interpret 
Sommers' and Dijkstra's opin ion of / hope for" the 

'job situation as an "offer" in any form. If there had 
been written offers which guaranteed us support at 
50% time, we certai nly would have signed. Since 
there were none, the Literature department and the 
administration failed to meet our demand for job 
security for the spri ng quarter. 

The thrust of Stadler's article, however, 
(especially paragraph seven) tempts the reader into 
believing that we refused some sort of substantive 
offc' of employment when we declared the work 
action . That's false. The need for minimal job 
security, now as at the time of the deCision, con-
stitutes one of the underlying demands informing 
the work action itself. 

TOM LEWIS 

We feel that the population of UCSD deserves 
much more quality in journalism than was given to 
us in the March 3 article, "Keep off the Grass." First, 
let us begin with a clarification of our position . We 
agree in principle with the article - certainly the 
grass is being trampled by hordes of people. The 
article's main objection is that this produces 
aesthetically unappealing dirt pathways (Assuming, 
of course, that you find dirt ugly . We do not.). A 
more important reason for choosing your path 
carefully was completely ignored. If people con-
tinue to tread the same path, before too long 
something far more objectionable will appear - a 
cement walkway. This is p~infully obvious in the 
area between the gym and Urey Hall. The solution 
is not merely to stop walking on the grass, but to 
balance your travel between the use of different 
grass paths (to prevent overusage) and the walk-
ways (on rainy days to prevent mud holes) . Beyond 
this, " ts" and ourselves are in total disagreement. 
" ts" appears to be misdirected, possibly by the 
anger he/she tries so hard to show in his/ her 
verbose exposee. In what could have been a 
constructive commentary, " ts" became lost in an 
unbelievable display of unwarranted obscenity and 
poor literary ability (actually lack thereof) . " ts" '5 
,point is completely hidden by bathroom-wall 
words, cliches. instant value judgements, and a 
general disregard for the English language as a 
mode of communication. We hope that in the 
future, " ts" will stick "to photography, and more 
importantly, that the editor of the T.T. will more 
carefully screen the material to be placed in our 
paper. 

Sincerely, 
Gregory Cutter 

Lynde Abbott 

Applications are now being taken by the 
Student Co-op in the Student Organizations 
Office, second floor Student Center for the 
position of Student Regent. The person 
chosen will be the first student to become a 
member of the Board of Regents. 

All currently enrolled students, who will attend a UC campus next year, are encouraged to 
apply. Time commitment and expertise in statewide University Issues affecting students will 
be a major criteria. These Issues Include, but are not limited to financial aid, instructional 

. Improvement, student services, affirmative action and legislation andlor campus regulations 
concerning student rights. 

Applications deadline is April 13th. Applicants will be screened by two regional nominating 
commissions, composed of an undergraduate and graduate student chosen by each senate or 
~eglslative council. Students interested in serving on these commiSSions should also pick up 
applfcations at the Student Cooperative office. The deadline for commission applications Is 
March 28. One undergraduate and one graduate student from UCSD will serve on the southern 
regional nominating commissions. For further information please come up to the Student 

.Organlzatlons office to talk. 

triton times 
ARTS WRITERS 
Jim Shipman 
BetlY Chiment 
Robin Roncl 
Steve Eamedina 
lorln Spitler 
C"'rlflHyde 

SPORTS WRITERS 
PeuIW,"ner 
Dave Ei.en 
Bart l •• 
DIrt< SI.ker 
PRODUCTION 
Annell.bler 
K ... nMalemud 

SECRETARIAL ASSISTANT 
ClmIUIC.c •• 
COPY READERS 
Mlch.11e Mietu. 
PHOTOGRAPHERS 
C ....... Eu 
Alan Stelnhelmer 
D ...... P .... 

Tha Triton Tim .. I. offlclellv recognized 
.. • camp ... _peplr by the Com-
munlcetlon •• o.rd of UCSD. Itu~ 
Canter. Le Jon.. Callfornl.. 1211J7. In 
takln. edltor181 pOottlon., the Triton 
Tim .. 10 not .... r_tln. the viftn of 
the Unlvaralty. ,he Communlcetlone 
._d. or the etudent body ... whIM. 

TtIa Triton Tim. publlehM M--'y. W ........ y. end F..". ...... n offIcl.lly r.cognlzed nudent naw.p.p.r. pubhhed by the UCSD Communkletionl .owcl. 
For ~ .. "". ph_ 412.,... For edhorlel end _. pho ... 412.,... 

p~. 2 Triton Timn M.ch 12, 1975 

In the Classical Style 
Peter Mesier's first per-

formance of his works at the 
Mandevi lle last night certainly 
incorporated many aspects which 
till now have been foreign to the 
concert stage, not the least of 
which were the three well-
endowed dancing girls . But more 
about them later. 

The concert started off with a 
bang--and I mean that literally. 
MeSler came on the stage ' and, 
firing his starting pistol into the 
rafters, shouted, "Let's start this 
goddamm concert!" This might 
be the first recorded instance of a 
performance beginning this way; 
but, then again , who cares? 

The first work of his new folio 
that Mesier presented was 
"Prelude to Some Hot Action in 
the Bushes." The program notes 
gave one to understand that the 
piece was a good one, and if that 
sounds like self-praise, then you 
aren't reading it as it's meant to 
be read. This work is remarkable 
if only for its orchestration . The 
pleasant theme was first carried 
by a 'tromboner' (sic). This part 
was quite impressive, by the way. 
One is watching the stage when 
the lights begin to dim, and at 

1975 

their lowest ebb, the slide of the 
trombone rises above the other 
instruments at a steep angle and 
plays . It is joined by the other 
trombones, which introduce the 
variations . Soon the entire or-
chestra is alive and following the 
lead of the trombones. It begins 
to look like a forest of brass and 
woodwinds when it ends 
unresolved. 

The tone poem, "Some Hot 
Action in the Bushes", then began 
with actual bushes being shaken 
before a microphone . Two 
tympanis joined with a rhythm 
that sounded strangely like a 
rhumba. They soon changed that 
rhythm to one of a more un-
dulating character. At this- point, 
the trombone chorus began a 
series of legato runs that con-
tinued throughout the remainder 
of the piece. Somewhere during 
the final measures of the work, a 
washboard was added . The 
significance of this still escapes 
me. At any rate, the piece went 
off well, the volume increasing 
and the pace quickening, as it 
built to the hoped-for clima.x. 
When it came, the first trom-
bonist lost control of his slide and 
it went flying through the air. 

om 
~LAKES 

Session I 
June 10 thru 30 For Informotion, wriU: 

Session II CALIFORNIA STATE COLLEGE 
. July 1 thru 21 Office of Continuing Education 

9001 Siockdale Highway 
Enrollment Limited BAKERSFIELD, California 93309 

La Jolla B~anty 
Supply 

GRAND OPENING 
SpeelaUzlug In Skin and 

Hair Care 
Free Skin Analysis 
Complete line of beauty products 

PH Balanced Hedken for Complete Skin 
and Hair Care 

ClJm8 in ,iii iilcuII your IIIMI ,ni pick up 
your "" gift ttifh filii 'il 

;It lilt ~ 3/22/75 
705 Pearl Street, La Jolla 459-1445 

1 

Luckily, Mesier caught it at the 
podium . I am not yet sure that 
this was planned, and if you take 
in tonight's concert, let me know 
if it happens again . 

During the intermission which 
followed this piece, I heard one 
concert-goer exclaim ' to her 
companion, "The dialectical 
resolution of the conflicting 
rhythms and syncopations 
provides so much insight into the 
politicals realities implicit in such 
an offering that one can only sigh 
in utter revolutionary fervor and 
thank the proleteriat for giving us 
an artist of Mesier's .cal iber." 
Really , she did. 

Mesier did the pistol schtick 
again, this time shouting, "Let's 
cont inue this goddamm concert!" 
as he entered, stage right. I felt 
this self-satirization was rather 
amusing, given Mesier's usual 
fatuousness. 

"Rheumatic Rhapsody" , the 
evening's third piece, began with 
a cylinder of compressed air 
being released through a large 
length of tubing. A tympani took 
up a rather weak two-beat meter. 
After several measures of this, 
two trumpets began to play the 
melody. All the time there was 
the strong motif of escaping air, 
which was accomplished by 
providing the musicians with 
mouthpieces through which small 
holes had been drilled . 
Nonetheless, the piece would've 
been quite boring indeed if this 
cheap gimmick was, of itself, 
supposed to carry the piece 
along. In short, it was quite 
boring. 

Mesier's next offering was a 
decided change for the better, 
though a keen ear could detect a 
few flaws . It was entitled, "The 
Chicago Fire: A Bitter Suite," 
taken from his ballet of the same 
name. 

The suite begins with a 
whimsical nightclubesque called 
"Allegro In Flagrante Delicto", 
which introduces the dancing 
girls I mentioned earlier. As the 
three allegro their hearts out (and 
their clothes off), a siren sounds 
and the ten instruments that were 
playing cease one at a time until 
the stage is quiet. The girls look 
rather anxious as they stand there 
in the altogether, until three 
sharp beats are heard from the 
drum, at which point they look 
frightened . A pause, and plaintive 
cowbell is heard. 

Then, more sirens are heard, 
but this time they sound like fire 
sirens. Obviously, they are. Now 
begins a piano solo reminiscent 
of the sound tracks to Keystone 
Kop episodes, aided, rather 
stupidly in my opinion, by 
showing a Keystone Kop short 
behind the orchestra. The three 
girls who silently left the stage 
after the cowbell now re-enter 
dressed as flames. Armed with 
brooms, they leap off the stage 
and begin to sweep through the 
audience. 

One of the few flaws that the 
keen ear could detect then 
became evident. The flames 
evidently had pockets which 
contained hot dogs swaddled in a 
thick coating of horseradish 
mustard. The girls gave them to 
members of the audience as they 

ran by . Of course, their 
marksmanship when awarding 
the wieners was less than 
phenomenal, with the inevitable 
result being that thE' tympanic 
membrane of my left ear was 
nearly punctured as one of the 
flames swept by me, deftly 
thrusting the furter in the above 
mentioned organ . 

Though I remain convinced of 
the validity of audience par-
ticipation, at this juncture I could 
only question the necessity of the 
forced entry of my auditory canal 
by a luke warm hot dog. 

The music went on , building to 
the inevitable finale, though I 
could only judge this to be so 
from the dynamiCS of the or-
chestration. At the time, you see, 
I was engaged in removing bits of 
hot dog and mustard from my ear, 
and I didn't pay much attention 
to particulars. 

It would have been much to my 
advantage if I had paid more 
attention When I looked up, 
Mesier and his first violinist were 
struggling with a fire hose. In 
what proved to be a big disap-
pointment for me, one of the 
flames stood directly between the 
orchestra and me. Of course, 
Mesier chose to douse my flame 
first . Predictably, and before I 
could move, the flame 
Sidestepped the water--wh ich 
found its true home in every pore 
in my face. Several bars later, the 
concert ended. 

Several bars a(ter thaI I was 
ready to face the typewriter . 

--
-------

Your Savings. 
Move it, or lose it! 

If you ' re a University or State Employee. 
then transfer your sailings to your USE. 
Creditl lnion . You ' re actually lOSing money If 
you don·1. Yep 

Bank pa sbook accounts pay a maximum of 
5 per cent annum . Savings and Loans. 5' I per 
cent. But your University and State 
Employees Credit nl on 
intends to pay you 5J , per cent 
per annum' . DlIlldend, are paid 
quarterly and computed 
monthly . earmng from the first 
wh n depos.ted by the lenth • as 
long as your ccount remains 
open thruugh quarters end I 

Perhaps you 're thinking : " Yeah. but Banks 
and Savings and Loans are so much sarer ." 
Wrong . We 're all insured to $40 .000 per 
account And as an added bonus your credit 
union ofrers all University 'and State 
Employees a PAYROLL OED CTIO plan 
whereby runds may be added to your account 

automatically each payday 
Payroll deduction IS a s .mple 
means or paymg orr those 10" 
U S r: loans : well Sa_e or 
borrow throul!h your l · n.,e~lty 
and tate Emplo\l'es Credit 
l nl(;n "'s tht' ".s(' move to 

University & State Employees (redit Union 
0" SAN 01(00 

5555 Mildred Street 
San Diego, 92110 

217-1131 

5191 COllege Avenue 
SanO.ego, 92115 

2864210 

UCSO Campus, Lyman 
at Miramar Rd 
La Jotla. 92001 

4S)"H20 
ASK U ABOUT OUR HIGH EARNING CERTIFICATE SAVING PL.~N TOO ! 

·Caldornla law proh ibIts credit Unions trom decla,nns the" d:vldend I 
pflor to the end of that diVidend penu d In 1969 th~ USE Credit Union 6 NCUA 
adoptcd the pr" ettcc of ,. veal og It s " ,ntended dividend " The 
"mlended dlv,dPnds" and actual dlvldendc;. have always been the same 

,-------

P"Re 1 Triton Times M~rch 12,1975 



POPVLAB KV810 

IN aBlYIR. 

r--------------------------------------

Present this coupon with your meal at the 
unique Spice Rack Garden Restaurant In PaCIfic 
Beach and you II gel rolled Free Take home halt a 
dozen of the lasllest home-made roilS or muffins 
you vEl ever mel This ofter IS good on Mondays Ihru 
Thursdays until Febluary 27 ~~ 
YOU RE,GONNA LIKE THE CJ~ 

A GARDEN RESTAURANT 

MiSSion Blvd , near Grand in Pacific Beach 
7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-l0 pm 

---------------------------------------

r GQ. TfL_L HER PEACE 
CORPSIVISTA NEEDS HER, 

PEACE 
CORPSIVISTA 
NEEDS YOU, 

I THINK YOU 'VE JUST 
RECRUITED AN OWL. 

NOT WHO. 
YOU. 

UCSD SENIORS - THAT'S WHO 
Your skills in B!ology , Math, Physics, Economics, Linguistics 
Psychology, SoCIOlogy and Urban Rural studies are n eded 
overseas m 68 developmg countries and all 50 States, 

.\ pplicalJons and in format ion H.\ .:\I .-:I I',.\1. 
H('HII" Informa ll.oungl' 

nr Phonr !9:J-5f1X:1 
Today 

Apply This Week For Julv Assignments 
PaRe 4 Triton Times March 12, 1975 

• 

c.c. and his LP A. 
by C,,",rles Heimler 

Halfway through the fi rst l istening of "Commander Cody and the Lost 
Planet Airmen" my black cat Mudhead craned his neck towards the left 
speaker towards the Commander's piano riffings, He meowed in perfect 
harmony w ith Billy C. Farlow's voca ls. Then I knew that another had 
been converted to the cactus-i nhabiti ng armadi llo nat ion. 

The tit le of the band is the title of the album on the Ai rmen's latest, 
which is their first attempt with Warner Bros., a partnership guaran-
teeing promotion and pay higher than the group has been accu~tomed 
to . The record business buddies have succeeded in already getting top-
forty airplay for some of the songs, and fm is moving into the deeply-
genred cuts . 

The Airmen have conti nued to successfully combine o n th is album 
their strai ns of Western swing, jazz, roc k and roll and country not only in 
song selection but in the execution of the sheet music . ' The album is 
simply uncut shit for Cody addicts, and with the help of Warner's po ter 
barrage, ripple- piked root beer for the one-hai red mainstream of rock 
list enersh ip . 

Highlights of the album include "Don't Let Go," basic roc~n'roll 
with Billy C. Farlow exploding from Lance Dickerson's drum rolls In hiS 
hip-shaking voice combining Elvis raunch with country nasalness. 

"California Oakie" is the typical Airmen ballad similar to "Mama 
Hated Diesals So Bad", If fact. both were written by non-member Kevin 
Blackie Farrell, Ernie Hagar's pedal steel adds the melodramatic country 
flavor to Bruce Barlow's Haggard-sounding vocals . 

The most priceless song tor sheer motional impact on the dis i 
"Will in", written by songwriter Low II George and also recently 
recorded by Linda Ronstadt. The lyriCS romanticize the empty sky 
loneliness of the turr~ed-on trucker : "I've been from Tucson to 
Tucumacari/Tehachapi to Tonepah/ Driv n very kind of rig that' ev r 
been mad / And if you gave me ome weed, white · and wine And 
~howed me a sign/ I'd be willin to be movin'." 

The " Boogie Man Booogie" is precise thr -cord ro k with Louie 
Prima-like "hey bobba ree bop" choru serving as th launching pad for 
the CommJnder's piano , Cody fans on this track can ju t picture thE' 
Commander huddled over the keys, tequila-ed eyes bugging Ollt thp 
head, tongue lapping out the side of the mouth , boot tamping dc'n", 
Into the floor , The Tower of Power horn section adds to this ell t 

" Hawaii Blues" ound imilar to " What's the Matter Now" ott ,I 
previous al bum with the musical narrator wondering " if my hula girl \tlll 
remembers me " 

"House of Blue Light " is another rock'n'roll with non-band member 
Roger Kellaway playing the left hand and Cody the right of the piano 
boogie. The story is that Cody was out of San Francisco on a 
promotional tour when the song was rpcorded so Kellaway played the 
working piano . Cody was supposed to dub his piano over Kel laway's, 
but ended up only dubbing in the right hand, 

I.'~ ~·B ~~ ~fsUCCESSFlJL PEOPL~~ ~ ... naluwllyl W 
SEMINAR this Friday evening and Saturday! Learn about Neo-
Life .Co. of America and thelf fine completely natural high 
quality product .. Supplemenrs * CIeaner * Cosmerics* and 

Carob coated energy food bar with all natural ingredients and 
only 259 calories . 

****** ON SA LE NOW AT UCSD BOOKSTORE ***** 
Call 277-0335 for information. 

KPRI presents 

JErSI 
COLin 
'younG, 

TUES.MAR18 
SAN DIEGO 'I OM IjW'l!IIW-
sroJft'S AIIDIA, 1/] .'Ii == ~~ 

Tlc_.ts n,15 .... ilee , '1.2 ~ d.y .f .how 
T,chlS Available ~1 All 8,11 Camble ', Men ', Stores, 

All Alena TI~~~'.~foe,~~~~Ons::rlt~:;\''t.7!'cht Offi ce 

RECORDS: 

As lo ng as it's the end of the 
quarter , a handful o f br ief reviews 
might serve to point out the 
and downs of some of the 
known Ips that have found 
WdY on record store shelves 
last month . There are a 
co llections of note, a few 
teresting recordings you probablY 
don't know about and a few durll 
that irs just as well if you make 
this your only exposure to t hem , 

NEIL SEDAkA SINGS HI 
GREATEST HITS - Neil 
RCA Records 

As for-collections, this is one 
the pleasantest surprises of 
month . With the reinterest in 
Sedaka (co-current with his 
slOgle on Rocket Records) 
has re-released this collection 
Sedaka's big hits , As strange 

~eems , those " Do do do 
dooby do down down, 
come-a down dooby do 
down 's" of " Breaking Up is 
to Do," have a charm that 
passes much of the 50's and 
60' music that came up In 
nostal gia revival. 

Sedaka's early recordings 
marked with gro sly cat hy I 
extraordinary back-up vo a 
fine arrangements and 
unusual voice seems far 
natural in these surrou 
than on the likes of "Laughter n 
theRaln ." 

An extraordinary numb r 
these tunes are familiar, 
when the tit les aren 't, i 
"Next Door to an Angel," 
Carol, " "Calender Girl ," 
" Happy Birtyday Sweet Sixteen ' 

DUTCH MASTERS - Focus. 
Records. 

If ever therewas a band wi 
a real focus, it' ~ocus . PI 
within the parameters 
ballad/ claSSIcal / rock they 
to lack the control of idea to 
themselve together , Henc 
likes of " Hamburger Con 
lacked definition 

still, is Jhe fact that th is 
ut appears both at the start and 
d of the album, in various 

Lennon, 

John Lennon's long awaited 
ection of classic rock 'n' 

that started out as a 
ion between himse lf 

legendary producer Ph i l 
turns out to be by and 

an uninspi ring co llect ion of 
isconceived rearrangements, 
Lennon 's spirit is sin cere, but 

ically that is not enough. 

a few tunes manage to 
ve Lennon 's arrangements 
the lawdry musicianship. 

[he album just can't hold a 
I to Lennon's live per-

es of slmiliar tunes , And 
at ver happened to ~ Phil 
cto r' great arri!ngements? 
can never go home, 

LAW, LANGUAGE, AND 
Y BRUCE. Wam er-Spector 

A collection of cuts froll Ph i I pectoL 
hiS own label previous album hows th e grow 

in fine form as a sort of romant/( now through Warner Bro 
clean instrumental ound Wit . l'lrnr.n, HIS first rE'1. ase is this 
warm flavors ; primarily, ThiJ~ van provoking co llection of 
Leer and Jan Akkerm an ', I3ruce performances 
b autiful instrumentals, including 
"Focus, " 'Toe us II," and " ~O(UI 
III " from those three al 
respectively . The result is re 
attractive and easy listening 

The E'xception, is the un 
lOci usion of the bands 
play I ist-forced -down-everyone's-
throats banner, " Hocu 
which introduced rock an 
yodelling to the public at 

• non'9r01lt 
Dublic service 

1gency 

Birth 
Control 
Institute 

• Counseling 

• Pregnancy Test ing 

• Abortion 

• Birth Control 

• Vasectomy 

Musical Notes Larry Deckel 
related to h is obscenity busts 
during his night-club career. 

In l ight of the Lenny Bruce 
martyr /s aint publicit y 
surrounding us these days, at 
least this album lets the man 
speak for himself, 

Nicely compiled, with some 
previously unheard material. 

STARTLING MUSIC - David 
Hentschel. Ring Q'Records 

Speakin g of ex-Beatles and 
starti ng your own record labels, 
the ans w er to our " Ri n g 
O'Recor<ls" quiz a few weeks 
back is that none other than 

Ringo Starr has his own label 
starting now. 

It's first release, however, is a 
sorry thing , In a nutshell , it's 
Ringo's album "Ringo" arranged 
and performed on the ARP 2500 
synthesizer by David Hentschel. 

Let's fa e it, the material on 
that album, while pleasant 
enough for Ringo 's easy manner, 
is hardly material worth 
emulating And while Hentschel 's 
arrangement are at least in-
tere ting, hi work on the syn-
thesizer IS anything but "Star-
tllng .. 

A " witched on Ringo" is 
.,omethlng all of u could easily 
do without 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes ·examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fjtted 
repairs 
hours mon -In 1030 - 8 00 
sat, 10·6 Closed sundays 

UNREQUITED. Loudon Wai n-
wright III, Columbia Records. 

An excellent album from one of 
the great unsung song writers of 

the 70's , Marked with a wry 
humor which is never intrusive, 
Wainwright manages to croon 
ballads close to the heart 
Whether punching his baby in the 
mouth on Park Avenue South, 
singing unrequited love songs of a 
homo sexua l meeting at the 
YMCA, or a song about feeding 
baby " Rufus is A Tit Man," 
Wainwright blends Simpli city 
with tuneful humor throughout. 

~ide one is nicely arranged 
studiO cut, and side two is en-
tirely live (an element with 
Wainwright fits best in), and the 
result is the most enjoyable 
co llection of tunes I've heard this 
month , 

CROSS-COllATERAL. Passport , 
Atco Records_ 

Excellent progressive rock from 
this consistantly solid quartet , 
Well blended electronics with 
keyboards and sax's in this largely 
unknown German band , 

Certainly in the forefront of 
jazz-rock fusion bands , Passport 

brings dynamiC composition to 
play, with interesting blendings of 
electronic voicings , Well worth 
the listening. 

YOU - GONG. Virgin Records_ 
I can't reSISt mentioning this 

album for people who might want 
to go out on a listening limb If 
the Moody Blues had taken their 
fanciful ideas and exchanged 
their harmonies for imaginative 
instrumentation , the result might 
have been Gong, 

It ' s not that they sound 
anything alike But upep In the 
ore the philosophy rings 

familiar Ranging from fanciful to 
meditative, the album depicts the 
continuing adventures of Z ro 
who 15 taking a mystical triP to 
the Planet Congo With droning, 
space whispers , syntheSizers, 
mellowdrones, and chanting, the 
album IS an Interesting collage In 
spi ritual / pop/ jazz Improvisat Ion 
and arrangement 

SADISTIC M IKA BAND - Harvest 
Records 

Just had to mention one more 
record no one has heard 
Japanese rock and roll that IS 
anything but adlstlc With a 
strong beat. and somt' interesting 
hape , thiS album 's Interesting 

distinction is In it 's all -Japanese 
lyrics 

Discovered by Roxy mUSI C, the 
band features a tight rock sound 
With supmingly pop sounding 
voca I s Interesti ng Iisteni ng 
though not overwhelmingly 
distinctive 

Is thi s what musIC would be 
like If Japan won the war' 

san DIIGO CIVIC THIATII 
SAT. MARCH 15 

All $e.lt Reserved: $6.. 5. 
TICkets Av. illble. t Sin Oielo CiVtC Inelln 801 OWee. 

3rd ,"d "B" Streellfo~I'~J!".::~i::'t~~~ISi~6~:S~~. Metro ""nCits. 
Produc~ bIJ WOLF & RtsrmlLUR concmn 
... --~---' . ~ ....... ----

If you ",ant to' 

SELL. 
your used boo'ks for 

ASH 
Br~ng theDl to the 

University Booktore 
Mareh 19, 20, and 21 

frOID 8:00 aOl 
to 4:15 pDt 

Books not needed by fhe UnNef$ify 
Bookstore will be boug hf lor wholeull 

• ~emale Sterilization 
Call BCI for 

confident III assistance 
171 4) 283·635 1 

YlS[llons arena blvd. uled book pric, ,n; shippe, fo fhe 
,,,'er in LO$ Angeles. 

,-(714) 560-5757 224·2974 

P,I~l' ; 1 "'It" Tim(', M.lrrh 1l, 197'; 



26-0 Victory 

Sirens Shutout Santa Barbara 
byRonU~ 

The UCSD Siref'ls, scored upon 
only once in th ~i r two years of 
existence, kept u:" their defensive 
ways as they shL.t out the UCSB 
Gauchos 26 to O. 

Initially, the teams played 
raggedly due to what Coach Dug 
Beanan called "the riotous events 
of the previous evening." The 
Sirens repeatedly halted them-
selves with freakish miscues such 
as failing to touch the ball down 
in the end zone or racing down 
the sideline for a score only to 
discover that the ball carrier had 
been accidently nudged out of 
bounds by a teammate 40 yards 
upfield. However, the overall 
speed, running and passing ability 
and experience of the San Diego 
women began to assert itself. 

The Sirens pursued the strategy 
of moving the ball laterally from 
sideline to sideline as fast as 
possible with quick, short passes 
to create gaps and folds in the 
UCSB defense. This tactic was 
successfu l as Val Cardeiro , 
assisted by the crisp play of 
Laurie Gage and Jane Yod~r, sped 
through a crack in the opposition 
to notch the first try . Gage added 
the conversion - no mean feat in 
itself since it is only the second 
conversion made in two years, 
and San Diego led 6-0. 

Once the scoring ice had been 
broken, the other tallies occurred 

rapidly . When the Gauchos 
fielded a punt, Siren forwards 
Jeanni.e Cunningham, Paula 
Roccaforte, Ann Bowles, Colleen 
Kernahan, and Kate Sullivan 
converged on the hapless ball 
handler to force a fumble in the 
end zone . Cardeiro then 
recovered the ball for the try . The 
next tally came when Mary Morris 
singlehandedly separated the ball 
from its handlers. Jill Taylor 
scooped up the loose ball and 

Reasons for Roots. 
No.8_ The Roots Shop. 
Roots are available only through 
Roots shops. where we know our 
shoes inside and out. Our people 
do more than stand behind 
Roots. They stand inside them. 
as well. 

The Portage Root, 
one of 10 styles. 

Sold only at Roots shops. 
Gift certificates available. 

City feet need Roots. 

Pale (, Triton Times Minch 12,1975 

rambled 30' unmolested yards to 
make it 14-{) Sirens . Karen Haigh 
passed the ball to Taylor for the 
other score in the first half. 

The quick pass strategy proved 
successful in the second half as 
Morris, assisted by Joy Duquete, 
raced for a score. When Amelia 
Rivera , Vicki Wilford, and 
Marilyn Koestner overpowered 
the Gauchos for the ball, Taylor 
got the ball and her third score. 

The Sirens face their toughest 
match of the season in San Diego 
State tonite at Aztec Bowl. 

1M as 
B. B. Playoffs, Trikes 

88 Pbiyoffs, Trikes 
A full quarter of intramural basketball action will come to a grinding 

halt tonight, as the playoff finals will take place in the main gym . 
The coed championship battle will be played at 7:30, between FOUL 

SHOTS and KICKBACKS. In early playoff rounds, FOUL SHOTS had 
defeated PEOPLE, holding back a valiant PEOPLE comeback attempt, 
and FIREBALLS, while KICKBACKS had whipped SMALL FRIES. 

TUFF TOFU will meet #1 in the pee wee (5'10" and under) finals at 
8:30. TOFU had stopped LOS DUKES and GODFATHER, while #1 
advanced with wins over PHILIP J. ERDELSKY and top-ranked IN-
TERCOURTS. 

The surprising BETA BLOCKERS will oppose R&D EXPRESS in the 
men's finals at 9 :30. BETA made it to the championship game by rolling 
over ULCS, T's, GRASSHOPPER COLLEGE ALL STARS, and then top-
rated PEZ CANDIES Sunday night . R&D EXPRESS also emerged from 
the double elimination tourney unscathed, as they downed CRITTER, 
CARNALINGUS, and finally TOWERING INFERNO in Sunday's semi-
final. 
It promises to be a thrilling evening of action, so the 1M Department 

warns that to get the best seats, fans should corne out to the gym early. 
I Trike Rues 

A record number of teams turned out for Sunday's second annual 
UCSD Tricycle Race, which was won by the defending champs, Lon 
Burford and Bruce Lazarus. 
A tremendous crowd, numbering in the hundreds, were overwhelmed 

with laughter and excitement as the trike teams battled against all 
odds. They also battled against obstacles, such as the wicked water 
hazard, the unusual uncola and crackers stop, the horrible hay stop, 
the incredible ice, the hilarious hurdles, and the towering Tioga 
waterfall . 

Women a-nd Softball Shirt Sale 
BY A.M, Schwartz 

Gopher-holed Matthews field 
was the scene of a win and a loss 
this weekend for the women's 
softball team, Venus Fly trap. 
Saturday's 5·2 win over the 
Yamites broke a five game losing 
streak. In Sunday's action , the 
Flytrap fell to the men's team 
Rapscall ions, 32-3. Th is game was 
closely fought for two innings, 
the women holding a 3·2 lead 
after the first inning and falling 
behind 4-3 in the second. The 
Rapscallions held a lease on the 
rest of the game. 

educational games. Perhaps this 
is a poor way to put this, because 
the women consider such games 
as men playing with women, not 
men versus women . The women 
are now feminists out to prove 
something. They want .to exercise 
• nd gain expertise, as much as to 
relax from -academic competition . 

The UCSD women's Rugby 
team will be selling Rugby shirts 
in the Revelle plaza this week, 11 
am to 2 pm, weather permitting . 
The sale is part of a fund raising 
drive to send the team to the 
National Tournament in Boulder, 
Colorado in April. 

The Sirens won the California 
State Championship last year, and 
have compi led a 7-0 record this 
year . So far this season, the Sirens 
have scored a total of 146 points 
while allowing none to be scored 
against them . If you wish to have 
a shi rt , but cannot purchase one 
during the . hours mentioned, 
orders for the shirts will be taken 
over the phone at 755·7263. Since 1969, the intramural 

program has included more co-

Women in the intramural 
league agree the men can out-
power them, and think it 
ridicuous to get into serious 
competition with the men . 
However, the women say their 
softball skills have improved 
since being in the league. ~::;;:;:;:;:;:;:;;;.;;;:;;;;;;:~ 

.,974 The a •• 

The Waiting is Over! • 
The Student Directory 1m 
arrived. Pick. up your copy 
at Page 00&, Stud.' Ceter~ 
Matthews 412 ROOQl S, or 
the Revelle Commuter Center. ' 

10· with studeJlt to. 

Pair-up 
with 

levi's 
00 it togelher. 
Pick from the world's 
grealest selection of 
Levi's.· Over 4 tons per 
stor •. The lalesl stylet. 
color and fabrics. Levi',-
that's all we carry. 
So have • tit. 
InLewr ........ 

-eonvo,-. 
Keanay .... 
•• 11 

Mon, II1I'1I Slit, 10-1 
s.dIYI~ 

CT~~~~,rc~:~~~dw;th;n 11m;";, n~ known, bm I Ood, A. Howell, ~~:':~~~~;n~~,d.~,C:~~ .'" ;t ;n ~ 
has awarded the University of when normal control of the has been appointed Chairman of internists, epidemiologists, social style." 
California, San Diego School of process is lost, the result is the Department of Community behaviorists, economists, 
Medicine a major five-year cancer--cells that repeatedly Medicine at the University of biomathematicians, and an - As part of this process Howell 
research grant, beainning with subdivide in a random , disorderly California, San Diego School of thropologists. sees a redeSign of the ambulatory 
funds in the" amount of 571,000 fashion . A common ac- Medicine, it was announced "We have a whole, beautiful, department so that all general 
for the year 1975. There is an companiment to this change to today by Dean John H. Moxley, different mass of direct ions," she medical services are delivered in 
additional ~ommitment for malignancy is bizarre alterations III, M.D. explained, "from which people a "separate and stylish en-
support totalling 5349,986, which in the nucleus; suggesting an Howell recently joined the have come together to look at the vironment ." Preferably, she says, 
will be utilized throughout the abnormality of the DNA inside medical school faculty as a health of the public. My desire in mini·groups in which the 
subsequent four-year period. the cell . Although not always Professor of Pediatrics, and will be to help the department patient has his own physician, 

The research will be conducted present, these abnormalities are Director of Medical Education, find a cohesive responsibility that res i den t-ph ys i c i an , n u rse-
under the direction of Mehran important in determining whether coming to San Diego from the they would like to become in- practitioner, and the services of 
Goulian, M .D ., professor of or not a cell is malignant. Association of American Medical volvedwith." other support staff. 
medicine, and has two major Colleges where she was the An area she feels may lend 
objectives. The primary goal is to There is wide agreement Director of Program Liaison and itself to the diversity of her 
improve understanding of the among medical rp.searchers that Evaluation and Deputy Director department would be the am-
mechanism of DNA synthesis in an increase in information about of the Department of Institutional bulatory care unit at University 
animal cells. , the mechanism of DNA synthesis Development . Previous to that Hospital. She is particularly 

DNA (deoxyibonudeic acid) is is of potential significance in Howell was the first woman to concerned about the care of 
located in the nucleus of every understanding the behavior of chair a United States medical those patients who do not qualify 

' Iiving cell, whether the cells cancer cells--and eventually school's pediatrics department, for Medicare, Medi-Cal , or 
comprise plant life, animals or discovering means and methods as head of the department at the medical insurance and who are 
human beings . The detailed: of control. Medical College of Pennsylvania, unable to pay for treatment. 
patterns in which DNA con- from 1963-73. "These are the responsibilities 
stituents are arranged constitute a This principal area of the Philosophically, Howell views of the Department of Community 
set of instructions for reproducing research will consist of studies on the position of chairman as that Medicine. We need to look at the 
other cells of the same kind. In '! animal cell DNA replication that of "a conductor who helps each payment practices, at different 
sense, DNA is a biological in- will Iltilize cell systems prepared member to play his piece so that ways of delivering health care, 
formation tape which determines from cultured human Iym- out of it comes a synchronous get down to the practical ways in 
every inherited trait of a cell. phocytes (white blood cells whole." She feels the Department which health care can be given, 

The human body normally manufactured in the lymph of Community Medicine will be a define the people who can give it, 
grows and renews itself by an nodes) . Investigators will attempt "different and excting role to try and figure out how much it will 
order ly process of cell division . to identify components of the to orchestrate" chiefly because its 
Precisely how this process is kept replication mechanism . members have all been trained in 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
3"D F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon,-S~t. 
8:45-5:10 

Closed Sun. 

233-6481 

* 

watch for our Spring Quarter Activities: 

* Film Series * Lecture Series 
Yom Ha·atz Maoot Celebration April 12 
* Shabbat dinners * Folk Dancing 

Dorms ... 
Continued from Page 1 

SItu., -1IIiI! - Minpn Cht! S.",eachf 

figure be definitely reduced, 
since many students will find 
themselves unable to pay the 
amount, and that additional 
reductions not be in student 
service areas. The committee 
hopes that with the Chancellor's 
support and assistance, a large 
amount of debit service money 
will be returned to UC San Diego 
and will be able to be utilized in 
redUCing housing rates. sponsored by Union of Jewish Students 

This year, however, will not be 

RICHARD 
FOREMAN 

SPECIAL· U.C.S.D. PRODUCTION 
Richard Foreman, one of America's leading creators of innovative theatre, 

has created a special piece, THINKIN'G ( ONE KIND), 
for the Mandeville opening celebration . 

Director of New York's Ontological· Hysteric Theatre 
4 performances SUNDAY, March 16: 2:00, 4:00, 7:00, 9:00 p.m, 

in Room B·115 of the Mandeville Center (North Court) 
Tickets available in Drama Office (407 Me) 

" That team becomes the 
patient's physician and health 
resource," she explained. " In this 
milieu of what I call first-class 
patient care, the patient will 
come to the clinic by ap-
pointment, his care will be ex· 
pedited, and the people caring for 
him will not be concerned 
whether he is a welfare patient or 
on the world's best insurance." 

Another of the ways such care 
can be given, she explained, is in 
a " family module," which the 
Community Medic ine's Division 
of Family Practice would ad-
minister . 

the only one seeing a large in-
crease in housing costs . With 
inflation and the rise in food and 
utility prices, the committee can 
look forward to grapling with a 
rise of not less than $100 and 
possibly much more in fu ture 
years. Chairperson Larry Barrett 
indicated, " We have to keep this 
year's budget in perspective, what 
with reductions to not only this 
year's budget but next year and 
the following year ." He expressed 
the belief that the committee 
could forestall a large rise in rates 
this year only by imposing a very 
large increase next year . 

Pale 7 Triton TiIMS ~rch 12, l~S 



!I ______ U. ___ I •• I. __ III __ lln ..... ~ .......... __ I ___ uaua .................... II ..... I_na.III ... lnHlftIIUIIHlHIIIIIIIIU .... llHllllllllftHlI ... lllllllwhat's happen i 
notitlf 

AllII ........ tor .tJ..nt R ........... 
tile R ....... _ ...... com ...... 
ara now aVIIll1lb" In Itudettt 
Or.anl.otlOM. 2ln floor. Itud.nt 
Center ..... 1IIM1 

RoftIo. MuIr. Follrtltetuclent8lhould 
...... for ..... ..,.. btoneIon 
..... on W .... Mil. 12 from .. , tor 
CNIIt ___ uti '04 tot non-cNIIIt 
___ In bt. --.om ........ 11M 
Me. T1IIrd ...... oontoct Provoot'. 
....... .,. ...... Cjhooll offIoo of 
0,... ltulloa encI K-.:II. mod. 
atudonta _ ltudont Affolra offIoo. for 
Info · ____ Tom ..... rd.III'2t 
Houam. ...... _ office ... cunwnt 
rental 1IatI .... for an of cempua .-. 
for a Vllrioty of eccommoc!otl~ aleo 

I .. " a ... re lltuatlon bulletin board. ..... and rem.1 a.reement forma. mope. and a phone for your ""- If I ..... .-.ct. come to lid • . _ MC.I3I'41 
! Revelle Progrem I .. rd .. now ee· 

8cIonco a"" Technology 10C . PhyM:a 
wII reopen MCtIone numbore , thru • 
tor I ........... etudonta. ........ . 
montoI .....-ry Mottle MeA .... NI 
MIIttIwwo Compua. ,... Info am . 
ml.tJ/,2t 

ALI TIlANlPORMAnON 
WOIIKIHOP 
ConductocI by tile foil..... For A 
Ihw Conoci-. A __ of email 
grOUp -'one Ie achodulod tor ~ 
a.cutlv. S.turdoya In Alirii. Th. 
workahotto 0,. .... ned to ....... 
tIotpanta to dIacovor In tMmMIv-. 
their unique ....... 1ItIoa. ..... their own 
reed to '-chllnoe. . 
Adm .... on Ie free. For Into: __ • 
m.-a.,,.....I3/MI 

"ALCOHOL ADDICTION: tho Number 
0,. Dru. ProbIom." IDSU School of 
Nurelng Invitoo .111 ..... 00t0d poroona to 
ottond .n .. dey worbhop on 
Alcohollem. M.rch 11. at "n 01000 
.teto Univorelty. fH: .tudonta .,,00. 
othora....,. For m_ Infonnatlon. coli 
SD.U School of Nurelng ..... 
1p3/141 

1
= COIIting progrem fundln. requoat for 

nut quarter. Tt. deedU,. .. Wed .• 
March ,2. Pick up appllclltlona In 
Rwelle rea. dean'. offtc •. 131'2 roREION STUDENTS .nd thoM t. 

whom Englloh ... _ond lengue .. 

FOURTH STUDENTS: Voting tor Fourth 
Col .... •• .ov.rn",.nt prop .. oll 
"""- tIwoutIh Frt. Mer. 14. " YOU 
haven't VOted. oomo to tile Fourth 
C ..... Provoot'l 0ffI0a a"" vote. Your 
vote not only dotorml_ whet typo of 
.ovornmont Fourth .... but .... Ita 
affoctlvoe ..... 10 ....... VOTl.I3/UI 
CALPfRG w.ntaYOU to run for Ita ..... 
bOord. No .. alfloatlol.. PIck up ..... 
.... tIoe. for nut voor'a boord In tile 
'tudent Center. room '1111. (JIM 

CONlIMPORARY ISSUEI 21 C"nge. 
s.m"'r H Anolyala of .0-. Mon. 
7:00 ...... USI _. Wed. 7:00 • 1:30 
UII 2122. InfO: Offlo. of In· 
tordl.oIp.MrY .tudiao Muir. 211M HIS. 
Iut. _,131101 

OAY STUDENTS: Thoro Ie now a Goy 
Ph_ L1,. on COmpul for women and 
men. Information. problem •• etc. Juot 
w.nt t'J •• ? 412..,. (317) 

SEX CLINIC: CounMIlng on Soxual 
Probl.ma. Wad. 3·1 pm; R.v.". 
Cou .... .,. 0ffIc. I,.xt to tile Rev. 
ProvOO1 0ffIce1. Judith Jorgonaon. 
M.D.·Hu.h P ..... Ph.D. 131'41 

I WRInNO COUR.E: .tudonta who hove who .re Intotoatod In Improving their PhyalQl Flt_ R_rch 'tudy Meda ..-eel 'ubloct A but _nt to further writing _1110 - --'fIn. apoclal MCtIorr MALE RESIDENT VOLUNTEER.: non-ImprOW their writing may enroll In of Lit/Eng 10. Coma to '214 H-L or .mokor. nOtH!lebotlca. • no kidney 
• LItIEng 10 12 unital 'prlng Quarter. x2I22. 13/141 problema. If you .re wllUn. to ... Into 

GAlli NUDl1V1:OfI1: If yGU ..... 4 
unite of GNdIt encl.,. • junior or ....., 
Intoreatod In tu1orIn8 • lower cIvIoIon 
modi or ___ oou,... co'."- or 
come to Bid .. _ MC for Info. 14141 

meetings 
EAI Fret Mooting TonItIht at 7:JD ot 4th 
floor lloll. Lounge. Irtng • Frtond . 
13/121 

Thoro .. be • 4th c..... 10CIIaI 
Commlttoo..-Wed. '2et7 .... m. 
In I ..... Lounoo; •• woIoomoll3l'ZI 

POLInCAL SCIENCE STUDENT UNION 
Mooting Thura. Meroh '2. J:OO .t 
RovoIIo Fonnal Lounge. All IntonIIatod 
etudont:a P ...... 1tOncI1 (3/121 

Soc .. 11at Forum ._1 mooting. 1:00 
p.m. Wed. M.rch 12th. Rwel .. FormIII 
Lounge. 131121 

ALL ARE INVITED TO THE CHRISTIAN 
SCIENCE ORG Thura. 7 PM I .. k. Cont. 
Rm. 13/1Z1 

Trident Chrlatlan FoIIOW1IhIp m .... 
tonI.ht at 7:30 In tho RoveIIo Formel 
Loun ••. Ewryona waleom.1 12/121 

activities 
l,poe .. 1 MC1Iona: P,.. .. w. Englloh .. • .ha .... nd oxore ... 1 hr dally for ..... 
= 8ocond Langue ... Crootlva Wrltln.. INTERESTED STUDENTS: Intareatod In proximately 4 dave • wook during "INDOCHINA TODAY" A aida .how 
i Writing .bout Utoreture. llack .tud.... IIvIn. wtth .n Amarlcon fomlly _ Spring Qu.rter botw .. n ... p.m .• then .nd Dlocu"ona. C~aponaored by 
5 Women' •• tudiao. Chlcono .tudiao. quarter brook? ContKt u..: ...... call .nd/or ...". ,.m •• t tile P.E. Indochl,. P- C.m ... l.n .nd tho I R_rch Writing. x2I22 or com. to 1214 Spon.or.d by Trld.nt Chrl.tl.n ~ ... t. ... xt. 4012 with D"ne D.nn. Sociallat Forum. Thureday. U.'.I. aD 
! H.L 13/141 F.llowahlp. 13I141 Sublacta' C~notor. 13/101 I RweI .. , I PM. 13/121 
iUIIHHIIIUlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII ... "'lIIlIltII.1I1U.IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII"'flIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII""'''IIII ..... ''" .. ''". advert ise men ts 

~ for sale I KNOW Ir. HARD TO BEUEVE IUT.. AL GREEN: (I .ot It rI.ht thIa tlm.1 Young buaI_man aook. roommate 
e while they Iaat · SKATEIOARDS . 23". H.ppy 2 wook .nnlvorMryll Your to .hare townhou .. Mer booch. __ a 73 Honda 310 CB low ml ........ rm a" .. (Quorter Clearenc ...... Hurrylll brown-.yed .lrI. 13/121 .,. day ......... ev •. Rich 131141 
5 .vetem ove,.lzed tlroe MOO. -"434 N_14I2 .... , 131141 § H.l 13/141 • Triumph GTit Groat condition. 
S 1. 0 ... 1 K.den. 4 apeed. rebuilt Rebuild Tren.mINlon. R.bullt DIff 271-
e tranamlNlon. Low ••• ml...... v.ry 2211 Ev ... ,100 or boat off.,. (3/141 
5 .conomlc.1. t7ll. Tim 272·07" § levening.' 13/141 
5 1m K.w •• klliOO. f •• t, In runnln. order i but noocI .ome work ".00. 4114121. 
i 131121 
§ Polorold Camere ... Ford .tator motor 
5 lnow rebulltl • . l.2Ix111 tire & whool n . i 412 ... 13/141 
S LED ZEPPELIN CONCERT: B .. t ..... 
e ~or .11 .howe . "n 01 •• 0. Lon. looch 

~ and Forum. -.31 .. 13/121 
Svw w.nted. Exc .... nt drlvln. con· 
edition •• unroof .ny color up to t1000 
e call Mr. Saml K.,.bey ev.nln •• or "'ve 
i m_g. 4Ii4-471141·' 

ADC Ste,.o Ampllfl.r • • 11 .oIld .tete. 22 
wau./ch.nnel. exc.lI.nt condition. 
t1a now. a .t_l · MO. Rick · XlI».'" 
0171. 13/141 

TfX. Inatrumants SR.fiO' •• we can boot 
any I.td price. QUICK d.llvery. 2 yr 
Qu.,.nt ... B.rt 412·_ 13/141 

:Audlovox AM· FM c.r r.dlo tlIO. 
~Orl.ln.11y taO. 272·7Il10 13/141 

~LED ZEPPELIN tick ... for Mon. 3110 or 
: Frl 3/14 .t SO SpOr1a Ar • .,. ..... " 

~13/17I . 

S Leavln. COuntry mu.t •• 11 Honda 3IiO SL i 71 t3OO. Sony St.reo Tape recorder TC. 
~ 530 t180. Takln. off.,.. 7&6-8040. In 31121 
E Gltane Blcycl.. & ..... d. Good con· 
Edition: M.dlum frame· tllc.lI.nt for the i .ctlv. Coed. tao or b .. t ott.r. T.rry, 

~ .v.nlng •. -.eoI7ln3/121 

Cltane Tour de Franc. 10 apood 113' 
throu.hout now equlpm.nt mo.oo 412· 
.-z13/121 

MUST SELL ,. Plymouth D .. ux 
compl.t.ly rabullt .. atlll und.r 
_rranty. Exc"lent .nd oconomlc.1 
tranap. 210--4711 13/141 

GARAGE SALE: .ood boob. & 
clothln.. furniture. lotaof ml.c. All 
cheep/trad • . SAT. '2-11. 212 no. H. N. 
Helix. So"na I . ""'.13/141 

H."..n Compotltlon Ski Boote: Thoao 
H.nd.om. block babIoa hove wp 
bledde,. thet can be mad. to fit your 
foot. They',. tOp of the II,. boota thet 
hav. boon hardly uaed .nd they' re 
youra for. rooaonable price. Call Ron at 
412 .... 13/141 

"JIM TURNE,," Surfboard. T1'" Gun 
Excellent Condition • ".00 Rog.r· 
nl ......... ,124. 13/1ZI 

,. Mu.ten • • • • 3 .pd. R/H. Gooct 
Condition. t7S0. IiIO-GII8 or 414-1301 
(3114) 

1964 OLDS. F.8fi. 73000 mil .. ; v.ry .ood 
condition witt> rebuild tren.mINlon. 
B •• t off.r. 462-8337. (3/14) 

wanted 
Subjects ne.d.d for phonetic. .". 
p.rlm.nts .. t2/hr. S .. Jan •• t 3121 P&l 
Or call X2537. lind) 
Rid. ne.d.d to S.F. Bay ArM for thl. 
comln. w •• k.nd the 16th. Will .h.r. 
driving & g ••. Judl462·S378 13/12) 

i Blcycl • . $25. Int,. c.mpu. dial: 133 · Roommat. ne.d.d to .har. rOom. 
E 3701 . off campu.: 463-~ .xt. 3701 . or Solana B •• ch 481-040& t15 (3/10) 
E I.av. m ....... P.t.r In 3/121 ; 
i OUTDOOR Vollayball .. h.nd •• wn. 
:: chrome I_ther. olympu.. volleyb.lI. 
E Good condition. t12.00 or boat offer. 

~ Aft.r 1:00 462·_ . W.rnl. 
i: SENATOR 10 .pd blk. 9 month old . .., . 

~ 463-&116 .ft.r. PM. 13/121 
S 111mm Cllm.,. BMUIl.u R·1'. Bol." 
E Zoom. Xtr ••• It. wt. Id .. 1 for hand·h.ld 

~ .hOle .'.'00 flrnlca-z:m. 13/1Z1 
S Sony TC440 St. ,n/o ta... deck. 3 h .. d 
e .uto-,.ve,.. • • ,1·qn-ad. Xtre. Ilk. n_ 
e tzOO. -'2312. 1:\/121 
5 ! Electronic wr',st w.tch w/d.y·d.t. 
e Indlcetor. 1 ITln./month accur. Gold E ca.. .nd .01 t ,........... twletofl." i bend . • II-MO.OO ..... (3112) 
§ Sk.t.Bo.rd. II .,&.) U' & 24" oak with § cl_r cadi lac w".. ... They .ell for t3llin • 
: .tor •• t20. C.II Tdm 211-2080. 13/141 
e 
:: y .. hlka· m.t :;~1'" x 2-1/4 twin I.na E camera. Good condition. t40 or b .. t 
= offer. A .. o V'N Van-m.k. off.,. P.t I ~lp3/141 
i PI.no. Brinkerhoff uprl.ht. .ood ton •• S t3OO. ___ till 11 p.m. Movln • • mu.t 
: ."1.13/121 

Mori. Minor .ny cnnd. Runnln. or not. 
Will PlY t60 or up for whol. car. 481· 
9721,ft.r 6. 13/14) 

NEED EXTRA CASH1 Payln. Top DolI.r 
for your U.S. SlIv.r COin. minted b.for. 
1964. K.n 462·9325 14/.' 

Rid. n .. d.d to Santa B.rba,. Mond.y 
of final. wHk. M.rch 17. Will .h.r •••• 
.nd drlvln • . Tina 462·1038. 13/141 

I .baolut.ly need a c.rpool from Chu" 
VI.ta next qtr. Flexible .cheelu" M Thru 
F. Inytlme ..... or 1-3. CALL ME: Scott 
427·711'. 13/141 

personals 
HAPPY 20TH & 1 UAY TO OUR BIR· 
THDAY GIRL BEULAH I NO MORE 
MISTAKES. YOU'RE NOT A TEENAGER 
ANYMOREI LOVE. BLMK 13/1ZI 

Barbla Boob. & Nlncy. N.ncy. Nancy · 
To the 3 vlr.lna mlnu. ona. Bon 
Voy ..... 0 for It In D.rtmouth. Th. 
Northern Guorpp 13/1Z1 

To Donna M. In Comm. 20 Soc. II. Old 
you .0 to Joff.raon Jr. HI.h 1117 ... If 
y .. w .. r .omethln •• 11 blu. Friday. K.C. 
13/1ZI 

PlOtty young .... In tho noIay y .. low 
ralnc .. t .t Lutheran Church Sot NIt.·1 
w ••• mltten by your chllrm pia. Contect 
me here bef.,. _tlon.XXX 13/121 

DAVID: You're'" only .Uy with whom 
I can alt throu.h movlao throe .t • tim • . 
Happy 22nd. Love. TIna 13/121 

EAB Frat M .. tlng tonl.ht .t 7:30 .t 4th 
Floor B .. ke Loun... Bring • FrI.nd. 
13/1ZI 

L ... Are you frea tonl.ht? If not. I'll .0 
.. high .. t2. • . Your B .. utHul Fourth 
Cou.ln. (3112) 

Wa·r. .tlll lookln. for madlocr. 
beMboIl p"yore who w.nt to p"y for 
fun. To .ot on roator c.1I Larry or Marty 
4112-1131. 13/1ZI 

To Krlatln: 
H.ppy Blrthdayl What? Happy Blr-
thcloyl Whet? I .. Id H.ppy 11th Blr· 
thcloyl .nd k ..... lookout ov.r your 
• hould.r. Lov • • TIny B. 13/121 

To III tho FREAKS and PINHEADS of 
Low.r left Portola. 
B.rkel.y m.y hav. Its freak.. but 
you',. •• poelal breed .nd I'll miN .11 of 
you. 13/121 

T.rry. B.wer. of thON Fr.nch .lrI. you 
hand. om. d.yll you. S .. you next y .. r. 
Su.13/121 

Seymour l.on KurU I •• Bummer on 
My H .. d . 13/12) 

M. Your lov. wlrm. my h .. rtand melts 
In my mouth. Baby M. 131121 

D.B. &M. 
We'lI b. hom •• oon for chocollt. chip 
cook In.. .nd .trawb.rry d.cqulrl. 
IPI.outll Watch out for wond.r wop., 
yuk ... . nd old men. W.·II ml .. you. 
13/121 

Mudvlll • • 
Thl. tred. I.n·t p.rm.n.nt. Show L.J . 
Whet 2nd placa look. Ilk.. Lov.. Lon. 
Bomb V.u.han & Brutel B.rbl • . 13/121 

"Mu.lc.lly" ..... klng lou Reed I. 
Impot.nt. Major. 13/121 

Wendy .• orry that I did not ... your 
peraonal Monday. How .bout Wed· 
nesdllY .t 2:00 at the .. m. piece. Mlk • . 
13/121 

housing 
Male .tud.nt n .. dad to .hare b .. utlful 
hou •• In 0 .. M.r. Non-.mokor. ".00 
month. Phone Immed .. teIy. G.rn: .,. 
17111 or 7lI-I07I. 13/141 

One or two f.m.' .. noocI place to IIv. 
aummor • P.I . or .outh. Lynne _-1311. 
lMV. m_ .. 1f not thoro. 12/141 

Roommate _nted: Own .. r .. room In 
G.n..... HI.hl.nd. 3 b.droom 
CondO .. non-.mok.r. "'.17 & utll. Mlk. 
or Don 4I3-6GI. 13/141 

Roomm.te naodad Mat quert.r. Throo 
bedroom hou .. noar M .... on I.y. Own 
room M2. Call Jim or M.rtln .oon. 27S-
1117. 12/141 

Female non-.mokor needed for 2 bdrm 
C"lremont .pertmant. NNr bu. .tOp. 
.hoppln.. M2."/month & utilltl ... 
I,.,.. P.t. m-a7 _Ing .. 13/121 

Roomm.t. W.nted • IF.m.1e1 To aher. 
.pertm.nt In La JoIle for 1110 Qtr • 
".00 mo. "ndl. 4I4-IZ34 13/1ZI 

Two f.ma" roomrnat.. _nted to 
.hare hou .. ln 0 .. M.r. CION to B .. ch. 
Non-amok.,. only. C.II Immed"t.ly. 
.,·1207. 13/141 

WANTED: Room In D.M. for Sr . • lrI & 
.mall dog. April· July .15/mo. LIz 711-
.1 . .. t •• V". MrIy • . m.a. 13/141 

Share coey Z·bedroom Enclnlte. hou •• 
nHr bNch with fem.l. .red .tud . 
.. 11111 431-2437 Wad.. StudiO AI.o 
Only 13/121 

Roomat. Noaded for Lar •• Apt. DI.1t-
wa.har. own bdrm. bathrm. P.I .. Kirk. 
274-Il20l • $91." mo. 1n3/121 
Room for f.mll •• tud.nt 'n phy.lclan·. 
hom • . Kltch.n. I.undry f.cllltl ••. 
Walkln. dl.tenc. of cempu .. '463-." 
betw .. n 5-7 pm t • . OO 13/141 

Fanta.tlc B •• ch Hou •• L.ucadl.: Sh.re 
R.nt t125 F.m.l .. Only: C.II Rainbow 
7&3·2270 13/12) 

Lar •• furnl.h.d La Joll. hom • • r.nt.d 
till June 16th and 1·3/4 mil ... outh of 
UCSD. h •• 2 .In.l. rOom •• veilabl. It. 
mo.1 ~ or 462·3257 Chari .. 13/141 

lost & found 
LOST: PI.ln Y.llow Gold Weddln. Rln • . 
If found Mve. m."" •• tod.y. Coli 1113-
.,. or return to campu. pollc • . 

LOSY: White UC.D .plral notobool 
with Ch.m 131 not ... 412·21111 or return 
toT.T.13/101 

HELPI H.v. 1081 drlyor'a ~ .nd 
• tud.nt 10. I no lon •• r .xlet. .~..". 
Todd. 412~. 13/101 

LOlT: Boob .nd Notoa. I NEED them 
beck. I I.ft thom In your VW Bu. "". 
chin. In P.I . Tuoa nIto. Jon 413-2141 
13/101 

REWARD: For Info I .. dlng to or return 
of SI.". D .. I.n Down Jacket. Cotor 
Maroon. "Button" written lnalclo c .... r. 
lob lutton ..... 12/101 

LOST: W.11et belon.lng to Richerd 
Murphy. 711-"'. 13/101 

E i Scuba GMr. Complete outflt·chMp.r Roommate naodad. for .. r ... pt. DI.h- Found ring In Muir Laundromat. ... 
= ... whole but will ... 1 by p.rte. Ex· The Str .. kor wa.her. own bdrm. bothrlft. P.I .• caU .tove In Apt. L • Murl Ca......,.. Muot 

I.... C Hartu.... VIaItIng Ptof _Dr 
Deportment of ................... ANona 
.... U.w..Jty .. T ....... C ..... of 
Engln •• tln. Icl.no. IP .. kln. on 
TrIII ....... 1 Aapocta In Hu_n Ar-
tIfIoIoI JoInta. FrL Mer. M. z=- p."'. 
Room ...... IcIonM Building. 
MCIJlMI 

W.... Moroh U "1I",HorttIoa In W_ 
hhovIOi-'U 11M Uroy ... L tJ/12t 

lINDER ORAD GALLERY HII ,,. 
.. ulpture oxhlblt. Moroh "·14. opening 
12 _ Man:h 11. Dolly '2~ 

Tt. He NooIanI PoIy""'n 00_ 
Com ... ny .nnual "- ",.,.... In-
tornotIonaI Center on Ioturdov. April 
12th. TIck ... are .......... ...,.on which 
Includoo d_ prIzoa. IIVII da_ muaIc. 
a floor .how by tile He N .... ni Com-
pany. and .n _otic _. ,... Info cell 
Monico DovJcI..MoIIc __ 1.131141 

Toni.ht thoro will be • Chember MuaIc 
Quartet p"ylng .t tho RovoIIo .Ido 
0_.1:30 to 11 p.m. 121121 

JUAN CARLDI CORAL. an A,..,.a,. 
RovoIutIonary ..,..k. on R...,..Jon In 
AroonUna. W .... Eve. 7:JO. ., Ma1hllwl 
Cam...,.. Nut to bookat.,.. UlLA . 
13/121 

Two Oermen Filma. A Documontory on 
tho HI.tory of G.rm.n Work.r·a 
Thootor. .nd Kuhle W.m... (Whither 
Germ.ny? 1112. by lrecht/Dudow. 

8u~tItIool FREE fri. ~ar. M. t:GO p.m .• 
RovoIIo HL ,..13f141 

for ou rselves .""",,, 
LOST: 0,. pair of ~ In block _ 
with lnacrlptlon-Dr. H.roId .teln. L0011 
wook •• 0 In Lecture 2722 • 1107. G,..· 
412·7214. 13/101 

LOST: Umbrel .. loft by Rev"le cok. 
machl_ on Friday ni.ht. If found coli 
Fred. 412·1721. (3/121 

T.ken from REC. Oym Friday Nit.: 1 
clock uaed for l_otboH.nd Hockey. 
P ..... return to Roc Dept or I M Gym. 
No qUMtlona. 13/141 

servict!$ 
Typing 11M Torm P .... ,.. etc. Qu.1Ity 
Work R.ncho I_rdo. Mra. W .. " .,. 
1201 1113/14) 

TYPIST. F .. t. V.ry low re.... C.II 
R.chal.t4D-I272.13/141 

RESEARCH AID.·C.n.d.·. I.r •• at 
Ht'VIco. For catalogu. Hnd t2 to: E ... y 
Sorvlc ... P.O. Box 1211. N".re F.IIa. 
N.Y. 1aaz. 14111 ..... Campu. 
rep,...ntetlv .. required. P ..... writ •. 
Ipl/" 

TUTORING · M.th. Phvelca. Comput.r 
Prog,.mmln.. CHEAP I Lloyd .t 711-
sa or writ. me .t P.O. Box 1122 0 .. 
M.r92014. 13/MI 

L1c.naed Dayca,.. Tu ... ·Thu,.. Ex· 
perl.nced .nd Enthu .... tlc Dot 412· 
0lI4l 13/141 

TYPISTS: IIM·T.rm p.p.rl 
thoooa/ dlNortatlOna! etc. 
Edltln./RUSH JOBI/X.rox. Andl: 413-
_131141 
Incoma T.x • Dlacount .tud.nts •• teff. 
faculty. JII.G2II.ft.r4 pm 14/141 

Typln •. IBM. Exp.rlenc.d. c.rbon 
ribbon. reports. thoaoa. .ccurate. ., 
cent •• nd up. P.m ~ .fter & pm. 
13/10) 

travel 
SSW Trev.1 Offlc • • ON CAMPU.· 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTER • . 
Int'I Student 10. Eurall. Hoatal Car •• 
Tripping M ... zlne. etc. UC.D In-
t.motlonal C.nter 412 ... 11 .m-4 pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Clo •• d Tu.a·Thur •. 
IP3/141 

EUROPE·ISREAL·ORIENT LOW COST 
STUDENT FUGHTS. CONTACT: AIST 
17141 11144-1113. 1742 HEATHER AVE .. 
TUSTIN. CALIF ..... 1113/121 

EUROPE·IlRAEL·AFItICA·ORIENT . 
Student fI.hta year round. ContIICt: 
IICA. 11117 "n Vlnconto IIvd. No. 4, 
LA. Calif. IOIMI. Tel: t21JI __ ... 

~. (P3/MI 
CHARTER FLlOHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL ORIENT. Low prIcoa.. lOng .nd 
.hort fII.ht.. IImltad .pao •. 
PROFtIlIONI INTEIlNAnON~L ,a W .. twood IIvd. LA. __ t21lt .,...,21 
or477·"12. .tllll 

E c .. tont condition. Larry 412·.'2. 13/12) 31121 Kirk 27 ......... mo. 13/141 Idanttty. Ph . • ·"". tJ/121 
I"""" """"""""""""""" """ ... " "" "" ... ,," """" II """ "" 11111" """" "" "" " """ " "111111111111" 111111111"11111111" 111111111 "" 1111 ""111111111111""" 1111111111111'1" 1I~1II11II1II111II111II111II11I"11"'.mlll"lliHilHiimiitiliiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii_iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiil 

P~ge 8 Triton Times March 12, 1975 


