
~nhancement of Earth 
Sciences Planned Here 

Malone to Work in 'Space 
Management' in Hospital 

by Cr~il Uchid~ 
81atfWrttM 

Dr. Morris Fre,jdkin, Revelle 
provost, indicated last week that 
changes in the Earth Science 
program are currently underway. 

Curriculum changes within the 
fie ld of study are .being discussed 
by Freidkin and two professors at 
the Scripps Insitute of 
Oceanography, Dr . Joseph 
Curray , Chairman of the 
department of Marine Geology 

and Dr. William Am. Nierenberg, 
Vice Chancellor of Marine 
Sciences and Director of 510. 

Enrich Major Prolr~ms 
The current Earth Science 

program as enumerated in the 
catalogue is designed to enrich 
major programs in the chemistry, 

by Richard Yep 
S1aff Wrtter 

Cleo Malone will be involved in 
"space management and various 
other activities," Robert Sillen, 
superv isor of the plannin g 
department at Un iversity 
Hospital, said Fr iday. 

Malone was transferred 
temporarily to the hospital from 
his post as Muir College resident 
dean by Chancellor McElroy 
Thursday . An invest igation o f 

students' charges against Malone 
of sexual misconduct is being 
reviewed bV the University's legal 
counsel. 

Sillen Unaware 
Si lien said he was unaware of 

Malone's circumstances, or that 
McElroy's office was involved in 
the transfer when contacted at his 
office Friday. Sillen commen ted 
that his department had a " job to 
be done" and that transfers 
betwee n the cam pus and 
Universi ty Hospital are common. 

Sources say five women 
originally made allegations 
against Malone and three un-
dertook polygraph examinations 
to verify their statements while i t 
was concluded that the other two 
women had a lesser involvement 
in the matter by Vice<hancellor 
for Student Affairs George 
Murphy, and Muir Provost John 
Stewart. Murphy and Stewart 
he,!ded the inquiry. 

SD Hastings 
Endorsed 

FridJJy's TT Stolen; 4000 
New Copies Distributed 

In last Monday's Titon Times, a 
story appeared saying an an-
nouncement was expected as to 
whether Malone was still the Muir 
College resident dean . On the 
following Tuesday 30 angry 
students entered McElroy's office 
and claimed " in stitutional 
rac ism" on the part of the ad-
ministration in connection with 
Malone's status as resident dean. 
McElroy indicated an in -
vestigation surrounding the 
fairness of the Murphy-Stewart-
led inquiry . 

by Edward Simons 
MeN.ln. Editor 

About 5,000 cop ies of Friday's 
Tri ton Times were stolen from 
their normal distribut ion points 
within m inutes of thei r placement 
on campus. 

The San Diego City Council 
unanimously endorsed a state bill 
allowing the San Francisco-based 
Hastings College of law to 
purchase the USIU California 
Western law School which is 
located in downtown San Diego. 
Hasti ngs is one of the four UC law 
schools, so the purchase must be 
approved by the legislature. 

The bill would allow a public 
law school in Sa Diego, which 
currently has only privately 
owned schools . 

Two bills allowing the purchase 
have been introduced in the State 
legislature. The Assembly bill 
was introduced by larry Kapiloff . 
(D-San Diego). The bill reaches 
committee April 28. The Senate 
bill was introduced by Hastings 
graduate George Moscone (O-San 
Francisco) . 

Provost Moms Freidkin 
math, and physics departments. 
These courses are taught by the 
SIO faculty . As it stands now, 
Earth Sc ience courses may be 
substituted for major 
requirements or used as electives . 
The degree will be granted by the 
major department and will in-
dicate that the student 's 
education has been enriched by 
Earth Sciences. In other words, 
the diploma may read : BA in 
physics with specialization in 
earth science. 

It is bel ieved a studen t group 
that d id not want news of Cleo 
Malone's transfer to a University 
Hospital positi on to be 
disseminated is responsible for 
the theft. The whereabouts of the 
missi ng papers has not yet been 
determined , though campu s 
police are investigating the crNne. 

After learning of the theft, the 
Triton Times had its printing 
company publish another 4,000 
papers, at the cost of S150. The 
second press run was delivered 
one"by one by IT staffers. 

When it was discovered that all 
copies had been removed from 
the regular distribution drops on 
Revelle, the decision was made to 
have another 4,000 copies 
printed. The new papers reached 
the office at 2:30 pm . 

52.S million 

The Kapiloff bill would ap-
propriate S2.5 million for the 
purc hase, while Moscone' s 

Freidkin foresees numerous 
career opportunities opening up 
for earth scientists . Mainte"lance 
of global resources, developing 
new means of energy, and earth-

Continued on P~le 7 Continued on Pale 7 

Meade Legislation 

'65 'Disr~ptors' Act Would be Eased 
by M~ur~ Dol~n 

Secremento Correepondent 

Assemblyman Ken Meade (O-Alameda) yesterday 
introduced legislation that would limit the power of 
university officers to exclude "campus disruptors" 
from university property. 

The bill would require that a person must ac-
tuallv be breaking the law to receive an exclusion 
order, It would amend the Milford Act, which 
currently authorizes campus officers to eject any 
person disrupting campus order even if the person 's' 
actions do not violate the law. UC lobby intern 
Beth labson said the bill , which the lobby helped 
to draft, would guarantee students certain civil 
liberties that may have previously been denied 
them during campus disruption. 

Prohibit Univenity Officen 

" It would protect students' freedom of speech 
and assembly," labson said, "and would prohibit 
university officers from infringing on con-
stitutionally guaranteed riahfs." 

Labson said the bill would protect any person on 
campus, not only students. 

Meade said he hadauthorizedthe bill in response 
to recent court decisions relating to campus 
d monstrators . 

The Cal ifornia SuprP.me Court in October of 1963, 
he said, reviewed the Milford Act and ruled 
unanimously that a person must be committina an 

i llegal act to receive an exclusion order . The court 
also ruled that an exclusion order could not violate 
freedom of speech and assembly. 

The Milford Act authorizes the "chief ad-
ministrative officer" at colleges and elementary 
and secondary schools to exclude a person ·rom 
campus for up to 14 days if that person has 
"willfully disrupted the orderly operation of such 
campus or facility ." 

If that person enters the campus before the order 
expires or is reScinded, he is guilty under the 
Milford Act of a misdemeanor punishable by 
imprisonment. 

"Open to Abuse" 

Meade said the current law is vague and "open to 
abuse." He said the bill would establish procedures 
for appeal and recourse for wrongful issuance of an 
exclusion order. 

Meade's amendments would not change the 
current law as it applies to elementary and 
se;condary schools . 

Jay Michael, the· UC vice-president for govern-
mental relations, said the University has not yet 
seen the bill , ana has no position on it yet. 

Michael did say, however. that the University 
" has not much cared for the Milford Act because 
we believe it is too restrictive to students." 

The legisldture enacted the Milford Act in 
response to the campus violence of the 1960s The 
law was oriainally sponsored in 1965 by Assem-
blyman Don Milford, 

Hadn't Given It Much Thought I 
Duri ng the interim, the on-

campus distributor was 
questioned . He said a group of 
five or six students had been 
present at most of the distribution 
points, though he hadn't given it 
much thought. He was able to 
give the first names of two of the 
students in the group . 

Further, one of the staff writers 
was able to supply the full name 
of one of the students responsible 
for taking a stack of papers . The 
identit ies of these students are 
being withheld pending an in-
vestigation of the affair by the 
Communications Board, which 
the Triton Times has requested . 

Staff members were given a 
stack of papers when they arrived 
and were directed to hand them 
out to students as they passed . 

In a statement issued Thursday, 
McElroy said that after in-
dependent investigat ion the 
procedures u ed in the inquiry 
were fair. 

The Triton Times has been 
unable to learn from on-the-
record sources what regulations 
Malone' s alleged m isconduct 
would have violated . 

According to sourceS', the 
students made the allegations 
against Malone with the un-
derstanding that M alone could be 
term inated, and hoped that he 
'vould be . 

The students apparently made 
the allegations because of a 
feared recrim ination by Malone. 

Rehecca Hade", Mile Zarate, Yvo""e Hayes a"d Steven 
'Keiffer [left to ngh/] disc*ss the Wed"esday rally prolesh""g 
segregaho" ill &slo" schools. 

SCAR Plans Rally Here 
A r~lIy dem~ndinl the end of "racist ~ttacks" ~nd the 
desegreg~tion of schools in Boston will be held Wednesci.y at noon 
on the Iym Iteps. 

The r~lIy's sponsor, the Student Commit'ee Alainst Ruism 
[SCAR] NYS the main thrust of the r~lIy will be to build tow~rds the 
nation~1 ~y 17 demonstration day c~lIed for by the NAACP ~nd 
the National SCAR. 

San Diego's partici,.tion in that mobiliz~tion will indude a 
picket line in front of the downtown Fe-IAt BuildS. . 

. Speaken ~t the UC San Diego r~lIy will include Om~ri Mug, a 
INder in P~Nden~'s Committee AaaiMt Segrepted E.ition 
[CASE], ken MsemaJi, member of Ni~ ~nd San Diego's Blick 
Feder~tion , At Z liar, ch~irpersoft of UCSD's BI~ck Students Union . 
Mike Z~r~te, chair of UCSD's SCAR, OII~ Perez of the Women's 
Center. and ~ MECHA representative. 

A simil~r r~lly is bein, pl~nned ~t San Diego State for tomonow. 



JamesG. Solo 
City Edlto, 

C.lmpU5 neW5p.lpt.'r 
editori.lls 

of the 
ty, the (omm 

Repressive and .Naive 
About 5000 copies of.Fridav·s Triton Times were stolen from 

orr<ampus ~stribution points. often moments after they were 
delivered by our distributor. They were removed in large numbers. 
and were either thrown away or moved to locations that are at this 
time unknown to us. 

We have been able to assemble enough information to satisfy 
our own curiosity as to the identities and motivations of the thieves 
-- they are members of a student organization whose aim was to · 
insure that Friday's issue never reach its readers. They were 
unsuccessfu1. but their attempt must be spoken to. 

Apparently, die students opposed presentation of information 
regarClin~ the investigation of lillegations against Cleo Malone of 
sexual misconduct . Some students feel there are actions against 
Malone that stem from what they feel a.re the adminjsuation's 
racist policies. Other feel the information should have remained 
private. 

Such feelings may be admirable. To the former sentiment we 
cannot at this point knowledgably speak. To the latter. we can 
inilicate that the information came to us~roughlConftrmed sources, 
and that every fact we printed, and others more damning and 
sensationalistic that we chose not to print , were confimed by high 
administrative sources . 

It is, obviously, our responsibility to print such information. We 
will not embark here u'pon a lesson in freedom of the press, for 
students of the University of California presumably have read and 
understand the Bill of Rights . It is apparent, however, that some 
students . . do Dot understand its value. There have been 
publications that have so violated the tenets of good press on this 
campus that we, as journalists, have been grievously offended . 
But we would never advocate or condone attempts to block them as 
they purs,-!e what they feel are their resoonsibilities, and we would 
defend them against such attempts as staunchly as we intend to 
defend ourselves. 

We do not at this point care about motivation, admirable though 
it may have been in this case. Nor do we care about ideology. Our 
only mterest in this matter is the inviolable right of the Triton 
Times to collect, responsibly review and present information of 
which we feel the UCSD community must be aware. And any effon 
to block this presentation of the fa~ts is an unconscionable and 
criminal violation for which individuals must, and will, be held 
accountable. 

There is a secondary concern that is a financial one -- we 
reprinted 4000 copies and have distributed most of them one-by· 
one. The expense to us was si~nificant. In addition, it is imponant 
that our advenisers and contnbutors feel safe that their interests 
are not continually threatened by repressive and naive individuals 
who would endeavor to hllJ!lper us in our duties. 

It is for these reasons that the Triton Times will, through in-
ternal channels in the students affairs office if possible but through 
the couns if necessary, seek the censure of the srudc!nts involved 
in this matter. We have no other alternative. Such attacks a~ainst 
the press have occurred since the first newspaper was publtshed . 
They are easy and irresponsible attacks, and they should not be 
tolerated here. 

The Triton TI ...... pub' ...... by the Communlatl_ Boe,d of UC8D, 8I)pMn 
on Mond8ys, Weclneede.,..nd FrI*v8 durlne the ,"ule, achool v.r (ncept on 
official hollde.,.,. Editorial .nd buII_ offIc .... 10CItIcI In 11' Blake H.II on 
the RIV .. 1e CoII_ cem-. IAttIra to the' Editor ... ,",coma, .nd ahould be 
typed on • "epee. line on noncorTMlble Piper. Lenan ahou!d be conel .. , and 
the Triton Tim ..... "'. the right to adlt aubmlul_ becav .. of a_. 
IImltationa or atyle raqul .. mentL 

For adltorl.l. cell .-2-"'; for bual_.nd advlrtlMmenta, ceN .-2.,.. 

IN/J4~~. 0"'" 
has so ftlr b"" b61uJe", two gro*ps: prupou",s of the SIIUk"t of/he 
SI*Je"ts for VoI*""", Aclioll. TIM gro*l's' r6sp6ctiw posilio"s app6t1r below. The grollps will be 
i"viletl 10 r6bllll each olhers ' arg*",e,,'s ,,, W etl"es';'y 's Tnlo" Ti",es. 
The Coop 

Issues Obscured by Rhetoric, Emotion 
by Garrett Gruenor 

and F reel Specie 
Mamba ... the e.udent C: ... oopet_ .. ,. ........ 
The issues in the upcoming 

referendum have been obscured ' 
by the use of rhetoric and appeals 
to emotion . Below we have listed 
three simple questions that we 
feel are the crucial issues in-
volved. The answers to these 
questions are the keys to the 
referendum, and it is important 
that we come to a considered 
decision as students on how we 
wish to deal with these answers. 
I. What is the nature of the 
Student (ooperative' 

The Cooperative is an open 
access organization in which all 
who attend can and are en-
couraged to participate and vote. 
It does not purport to represent 
the total student view, but serves 
instead as a forum for the ad-
vocacy of many student views . 

The Cooperative serves to foster 
all student enterprises that are 
thought to be advantageous to 
the student body as a whole. For 
example the Cooperative has 
been indirectly involved in the 
creation of: 

1. A student printing 
cooperative, 

2. "SOMETIMES" (a new 
weekly journal on 
student affairs), 

3. Urban & Rural Studies 
121 . (A course dealing 
with change in the 
University), 

4. The Bureaucracy 
Conference, 

SVA 

and others . • 
II. What it the Cooperative'. role 
in luaranteeinl a student voice 
on campus-wide committees' 

The Cooperative serves to en; 
courage student participation on 
faculty and administrative 
committees . Thi.s year, the 
Cooperative has been directly 
charged with the responsibility of 
recruiting and placing students 
on these various committees. 
Some of the committees include: 

1. Registration Fee, 
2. Housing and Food 

Services, 
3. Com mit tee 

Educational Policy, 
on 

and others too numerous to 
mention. 

Once students begin serving on 
thes!! committees the 
Cooperative acts as a liason 
between the committee members 
and students at-large. Under 
Cooperative administration, 
committee posts are open to all 
students, and the appointment 
process run totally by students, 
for students . 
III, What is the n.lture of the 
C<lmpus Activity FeeJ 
This fee is S6 of the S212 paid by 

each student per quarter. This fee 
supports almost all the student 
organizations on campus, such 
as : 

1. CalPirg, 
2. Soaring Club, 
3. Black Students Union, 

' 4. The Cam pus 
Programming Board 

and the Com · 
munications Board, 

and many, many, more: 

This year, the Cooperative has 
been charged with allocating this 
fee among the student 
organizations . It should be noted 
that Budget Resource Croup 
decisions, once brought before 
the Cooperative, have always 
been received by almost 
unanimous approval. Ironically, 
the Cooperative itself uses only 
4 .3 percent of the funds it 

. allocates. Again, this is an 
example of the Cooperative 
acting for students through the 
labors of students . 

IV. Conclusion 
The reason we have taken the 

time to expound on the duties 
and workings of the Cooperative 
is to help uninvolved students 
when voting on the upcoming 
referendum . Simply, our position 
is that : 1. The elimination of the 
Campus Activity Fee would have 
disasterous effects on the campus 
at-large, and therefore we u'le 
th<lt you yote to maintain the 
Campus Activitiy Fee. 

2. The Cooperative has suc-
cessfully allocated student funds 
in a fair and well-reasoned 
manner, and over the year has 
done a thorough job of placing 
students on campus-wide 
committees, and therefore we 
urge you to vote in support of the 
(ooper.ltive in this referendum. 

Students Able to Make Own Decisions 
,by Steve White 

forStud.nta fo, Voluntary Action 
The talk everywhere on college 

cam puses these days concerns 
the maturity of the average 
college student, his intelligence, 
and his competence to serve in 
the university governing struc-
ture . Today's college students are 
the brightest and most articulate 
ever. 

Yet it appears that many ad-
ministrators and vested campus 
interests will not practice what 
they preach . For when the subject 
of mandatory fees is discussed, 
these concerns forever bleat 
about the necessity of main-
taining the existing coercive 
system, lest all things become , 
chaotic, and students fail to 
receive a meaningful and broad 
education . 

Under the present setup, the 
UCSD college administration 
authorizes the student govern-
ment to collect money from each 
student for certain extracurricular 

activities whether or not the 
student is involved in any of the 
activities subsidized. The limits 
on the ·spending of the funds 
collected are vague at best and 
the student is forced to pay the 

. fee under pain of grade or 
diploma withholding, even 

thou~h the fee is used for ac-
tivities with which he is not in 
agreement and though the 
funded activities are not 
reasonably}elated to educational. 
concerns. 

care less about? 
Students today are becoming 

increasi ngly independent. The 
doctrine of "in loco parentis" is 
dead . Visiting hours and curfews 
are dying . There are no longer 
dress codes. The concept of 
required courses is being 
discarded. Why in view of all this 
do we still cling to a system 
whereby a few administrators or 
student bureaucrats decide how 
the student's money is to be 
spent? 

How fair is it to ask a con- . Voluntary fees can and will 
servative student to pay to work if given a chance . Wouldn 't 
subsidize the Young Socialist you rather have control over your 
Alliance, the radical education own money? Students for 
project, or the Black Students Voluntary Action is the group on 
Union? How fair is it to ask a campus fighting for individual 
liberal student to underwrite rights and against this student tax. 
Young Americans for Freedom or The canons of ethics, the 
the Young Republicans? What is restrictions of the law, and the 
the justificatioQ for asking the flow of events on campus makes 
student involved in other ac- it increasingly evident that 
tivities to pay for speakers, films, voluntary fees is an idea whose 
and editorials which he could time has come . 

An Open Letter to UCSD: Why Are We Ignoring the Disabled? 
by 'ames Lebrecht, Barbara Bail 

"nlf Mile. McManamon 
Chencellor'a Committee fur Dla."1ad 

Stud.nta 
Take < cOuple of econds to try to recall a letter in the 

Triton T mts, at the beginning of the fall quarter, about 
disable<: sttJdents. Undoubtedly this is an unfair request, 
because nO one takes time to read about anything as 
uninteH'stihg as disabled students when there is all the 
controv~rsy over the Student Cooperative . After all the 
disabled are just something to gawk at, shaking your 
head sympathetically . But don't stop reading this yet. 
We'll help you . It was headlined "Handicapped : A 
Forgotten Minority." Remember? 

Well, the letter tried to present some of th problems 
disabled persons encounter at UC San Diego with 
building access and walkways, and it ended with an 
appeal for everyone, anyone, to help . It asked for ac-
tion, instead of words of encouragement, for money and 

implementation instead of more studies. But the letter 
was not directed at the administration alone . It also 

a~ked why the student governments have never given 
the slightest attention to the problems of the disabled 
on campus . The letter 's overall intention was to make ' 
people more aware of the disabled person and the 
problem of adiusting to a world where mobility is taken 
for granted . 

What was the result of the letter? We saw forgotten 
TT announcements of meetings of a committee for 
disabled students, a short inaccurate "article," a reprint 
from U( S.ln Diego, and finally a back-page, well -
hidden announcement of the opening of the new of-
tice/center for disabled students . 

The Coop has been silent on the question posed at 
them. The general student body has responded only by 
the addition of two Fourth College students, one 
disabled, to the committee, and the rest 01 the campus 

has been also silent. " I don't see any of them so why get 
concerned?" seems to be the general attitude . It seems 
people get upset in discussing the Coop and money, but 
no student seemed to care that the student center was, 
and still is, unusable by disabled students, or that they 
can't even get into the cashier's office to pay their fees. 

But though indifference is bad enough, outright 
antagonism toward the disabled seems to 'be the trend 
on this campus . It's not known how many people there 
are at UCSD who consider themselves so elite that they 
regard any restrictions as applying to someone else, but 
there must be at least a few. We are now appealing to a 
sense of fair-play, if not concern for others by stating 
the following : 

I) Disabled persons, including those not confined to 
wheelchairs, must use their own cars to travel long 
distances(Le.from home to school, work, etc .). So~alled 

Continued on ".lIe 3 ' 

;...Monda_..:...;Y,-A;,..pril-l-4,-1W15-------___ Letters to the Editor _....:.....-___________ ~p.;;:.:...;tbree~ 

Students' Energy Rep Asks Help University is Trying 
Hmm, very interesting. It seems 

that the energy situation is 
bec omi ng somewhat mor!! 
critic al, i.e .--because of the 
shortage of natwral gas and fuel 
oil, the UCSD community is 
facing a most pressing economic 
problem, paying "our" utilities 
bill to SDC&E. As it stands, "we" 
will, by the end of this fiscal year 
owe S5OO,OOO which the present 
utilities bud&et doesn't cover. In 
the hopes of solving this 
situation, the Chancellor has 
created the Energy Conservation 
Committee. Its purpose is to 
begin an analysis of UCSD energy 
consumption and to facilitate the 
creation of basic energy saving 
policies at a campuswide (and 
possibly statewide) level. This 
leads me to write this notice . I am 
the student representative, and 
since any policy decisions made 
will concern and affect all of us, I 
need your help. 

Wednesday is the date of the 
meeting. It is at this time that all 
committee members will submit a 
list of recommendations that 
might reduce energy con-

Picture IDs 
Should Be Free 

The Student Identification Card 
Task Force had recommended to 
Chance llor McElroy that a 
decisi on regarding im-
plementation of a new student 
I. D. card be made by March 1. 
Considering that the "need" for a 
new card arose entirely from an 
admi nistrative perspective, we 
are concerned with the possibility 
that students may be charged for 
these cards without being given a 
choice. The student represen-
ta tive on the committee 
repeatedly urged that a broacf 
sampling of student acceptance 
be made through a registration 
packet questionnaire , a request 
made as early as November 20. 
Not only were these requests 
co mpletely ignored, but a 
"committee to gather student 
approval" (n, January 22) has 
never materialized . 

I n light of all these oversights, 
the UCSD Student . Cooperative, 
as an advocate of student con-
cerns, insists that the cards (if 
they are to be implemented) be of 
no ch<lrge to students. 

LINCOLN CUSHING 
CARD TASK FORCE 

REPRESENTATIVE 
COOP ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 

COORDINATOR 

The Disabled ... 

sumption on campus . I need your suggestions, any form of to Avoid Sexist Label 
help in the compilation of the education that will enable us to 
"Students' List." If enough solve this problem . As time The letter (TT, April 4) complained of the lack of encouragement 
suggestions can be compiled by passes, what is critical now will and options for women inside and outside the University. In my 
students and presented to the become fatal in the future . opinion , now seems a time when it wou:d be most advantageous to be 
Committee, then any policy Remember, we are here to be a female seeking employment, a University appointment, or even a 
decisions will hopefully have educated. If money runs out, place in the power and authority sectors of the society at large. My 
some student orientation . we're out of luck . So, please impression, though I have no statistics to cite, is that tirms, govern-
Otherwise a priority list could contact me at student ment, and the University are doing just about anything they can to 
develop, placing undergrads last, organizations (student center avoid the label sexist. 
in terms of importance (which, of 2nd floor) between 11-12 Mon: "Women students are not encouraged and are sometimes actively 
course, means power in the Thurs or at the Coop on Monday discouraged in the pursuit of individual ambitions and goals?" I've 
university system) . nights . seen no evidence that women are specially singled out (or 

I need your)houghts, ideas, and ROB NORBERG discouragement at UCSD. UCSD is pretty cold and grey for both sexes. 
,--_______ . ________ --.: ________ .., Certainly, students should be encouraged in their ambitions and goals 

more than they are. but there is no reason that women or any other 
special interest groups should receive special treatment. 

Mr ... Thieu .. I'm sure 
something here!" 

.If 50 percent of the population are women, on that basis alone, 
should we conclude therefore, that 50 percent of all doctors should be 
women, 50 percent of all lawyers should be women , 50 percent of all 
aerospace engineers should be women , 50 percent of all butchers, 
bakers and candlestick makers should be women? 

I don't believe so. I have heard no compelling argument for why 
things should be so. It's not the least self~vident, for example, that if 
only 7.7 percent of all deans , directors, and department heads at UCSD 
are women, then UCSD must make extraordinary efforts to insure that 
50 percent or any other quota of jobs must be filled by women . I don 't 
understand why the University should discriminate in favor of women 
in filling scarce professorship appointments . Equality, like justice, 
should be blind to sex, color, and creed . There is a point when 
"pressuring· for affirmative action" becomes another way to say, 
"Iobbying for favoritism ." That point has been reached . 

J. H. STOWERS 

1 970 s 'Quiet Resolve' is Just Silent Resignation 
When President Cerald Ford 

made his State of the 'World 
address last Thursday night, I 
happened to be on the campus of 
San Diego State. I watched the 
address on a portable television 
in the Aztec Center, ac -
companied by perhaps a half a 
dozen other students . Outside, 
the young men and women of 
SDSU talked freely , played 

softball, and rode on skateboards, 
unaware that their President had 
iust endorsed the free license of 
the Central I ntelligence Agency, 
supported the aggression of 
Turkish invaders on Cyprus, and 
committed the full resources of 
this nation to a continued war 
effort in I ndo-China. 

When Mr . Ford finished 
speaking, over an hour after he 

Baldwin's Words Appropriate 

had started, I wanted to rush 
outside and warn everyone, "He's 
touched our future - it does 
concern us now - be careful." I 
wanted to stand before the 
Congress that had received Ford 
so warmly and say to them , 
"That's only the way he sees it. 
What if he is wrong?" And for a 
moment I wanted to stand astride 
the weapons of war that may 
soon be rusted with blood and 
shout out, "This will never be the 
answer!" 

"Some of us, white and black, know how great a price has alreadv Yet I realized that the time was 
been paid to bring into existence a new consciousness, a new people, not yet ripe, that I would either 
an unprecedented nation . If we know, and do nothing, we- are be laughed at as a campus clown 
worse than the murderers hired in our own names . ' or ignored as an irrational 

" If we know, then we must fight for our life as though it were our malcontent. Disgusted with the 
own -- which it is - and render impassable with our bodies the corridor apathetic response of the San 
to the gas chamber. For if they take you in the morning, they will be Diego State campus, I resolved to 
coming for us that night." James Baldwin return home to UCSD where 

SUBMlnED BY many would undoubtedly share 
JANET E. PLUSS my deep concern . After all, does 

Who Signed for New Wording? 
not UCSD 'represent the liberal , 
intellectual elite of Southern 
California? Surely such an 
enlightened community of 
students could not remain idle 
and self-indulgent after Mr. Ford's 
subtle whitewashing of American 
guilt. 

Last quarter, the Students for 
Voluntary Action obtained 
almost 800 signatures on pe~ itions 
to end mandatory fees . Now, 
fearing the defeat of mandatory 
fees, the administration is 
changing the wording on the 
referendum. The new wording to 
be put on the referendum and the 

idea behind it are enti~ely dif-
ferent from the wording and idea 
in the petitions students signed . I 
wonder how the upcoming 
referendum can be legitimate . For 
who signed the necessary 
petitions to put the new wording 
to a referendum? 

MIKE INCRASSIA 

In the cold grey morning of the 
next day, I wandered the quiet 
sidewalks and hollow corridors of 
Revelle and Muir , realizing that I 

was sadly mistaken . The 'great 
minds' of La Jolla were as placid 
as the little people of College 
Avenue. The corruption of the 
American political system and 
the further betrayal of con-
stitutional liberty had gone 
unnoticed . 

Now as I write this letter, I sit 
facing the serenity of the Muir 
Commons and my thoughts tum 
to that quiet resolve and 
dedication of [he seventies - a 
phenomenon of which we hear so 
much . It becomes painfully 
obvious to me that the so-<:alled 
quiet resolve is really only the 
silent resignation of a people who 
are beyond the point of caring, 
and the dedication of these same 
men and women is nothing more 
than ' a determination ' not to 
become involved . 

But THOSE OF US 
WHO STILL REMEMBER THOSE 
DAYS, THOSE OF US WHO WERE 
FORCED TO MAKE A CHOICE, 
AND THOSE OF US WHO LOST 
SOMEONE OR SOMETHING TO 
THE INSANITY OF THE SIXTIES 
WILL NEVER ACAIN CO BACK 
TO REPEAT THE MISTAKES THAT 
SO MANY PEOPLE ARE ONCE 
MORE READY TO ALLOW. 

RONALD MACCIANO 

Continued from Page 2 repeatedly arrived at work only to find some non-
disabled person's carparkl!$f'serenelyin that place. Other 
students have encountered the same prob lem elsewhere 
on campus. Even some campus officers have e)(pressed 
amazement over the amazing lack of regard for the 
signs. 

Disabled persons on this campus are becoming in-
creasingly angry over this selfish disregard both for 
common decency and University regulations . 

"public" transportation is impossible for them . As a 
result, a parking space, reserved for them near areas of 
maximum use, is a vital necessity to decrease the 
problems with mobility that this campus is famous for . 

II) A person in a wheelchair is not very visible to cars, 
es pecially those backing out of parking spaces . This 
presents added safety problems when one is required to 
wheel through a parking lot - problems which are in 
addition to those encountered by persons with full . 
mobility. This is another reason for a reserved place for 
the disabled, and both of these points have been 
recognized as legitimate by state legislators through 
recent laws . 

III) Silns m.lrk those sp<lCes .It U(SO. 
We mention these three points for a reason . An 

employee at the Central library, after going through a 
struggle to get even one space reserved for her, has 

Indifference or antagonism? Off-hand it would seem 
to be a case of the former - except that a Muir resident 
has had the sign, designating. space near his dorm as 
reserved for the disabled, removed on three separate 
occasions. Apparently not content with a temporary 
occupation, he/she wanted to be sure that no "freak" 
could have his/her car ticketed or removed . 

If someone can give us a reasonable explanation of 
why he feels he has the right to ignore the sign and take 
these spaces away from those who really need them , 
please drop it off at the office for disabled students on 
Revelle. We'd be interested in h.earing it. 

lOGY WOIIII Ale 
,AIInM 

Finally, in case you. didn't see the TT notice, the 
committee for disabled students, which is open to 
anyone who is interested, disabled or not, has il{I office 
located next to the Revelle cafeteria in the place 
vacated by the Commuter Center. Anyone is invited to 
drop in . All people interested in helping our committee 
in improving the facilities and services for the disabled 
at UCSD are invited to attend our meetings , every Friday 
at 3:00 p;" in the Blake Hall Conference Room next to 
the TT office. If your schedule doesn 't allow you to 
make the meeting, drop off a list of your free times at 
the office (slip it in the slot if no one is there), and we'll 
try to arrange another time or place. There's a lot of 
work that needs to be done and we welcome anyone 
who is willing to offer his / her time and effort. 

Society for the Preserv.ltion of ,.Zl presents COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
WF. Street Miss Carmen Me Rae 

PAYS DONORS 
for .ervlce 

Mon.-Soil. 
8:45-5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-6481 

YKI'''' 

.. I fUllqIIOlSl mIlT 'ACIfIIC ..... CM 
T., •• ' .'" ,,,4 CI .. (W .. t.f A_COl 

In the tradition of Billy H 'I 
Mondoily , April 14, 9:00 and 11 :00 
Students: 54.00 with UCSD 1.0. 

General: 55.00 
Cat.lmaran Hotel, Pacific Beach 

For information 459-6679 



Triton Tim .. Monday, Aprll14, 1975 
LlTI<;:S: JAMES G. SOTa Printing Cooperative 

pus Scene Undercuts Commercial Rates 50% 
I 
I by Craillacbon While the national political scene continues its deepening slumber, 

due in some sma" part to the worsp.ninli situation in the Far East and SWfWrIW 
the relative distance between now and the presidential election in The Print Coop is responsible 
1976, ' the stres.'e5 upon campus politics are increasing with the an- for many of the posters you have 
.. t' f th f d th S d Set!1l around campus advertising tiClpa Ion 0 !! re eren urn on e tu ent Cooperative, mandatory t sponsored by 

fees, and their resulting entanglements. even.s . . 
In less than two weeks, the ordeal of five days of balloting beeins organ.'zatlons ranging from Young 

for the campus wide referendum. Will the students can the Coop? WiII.Americans for Fre~?"'l t? the 
the students opt for a S18 annual tax to subsidize programs that will Ga~ Stu~en~ Ass~lat.lon . 
eventually upset at least some of the students7 Finally, will the SlnC~ Its inception In February, 
students even care which side wins? the Pnnt Coop has done about 

NonelListent Audiences S~ worth of ~usi~ess for UC S.an 
One can assume that the answer to the last question is that most D.I~go organlza.tlons and In-

students don' t care. last Thursday " Holy" Hubert lindsay,·the colorful dlvlduals - bUSiness that w.as evang~list who appears about once a year on the Revelle plaza, fo~merly sent out to co,:"merclal 
gathered an attentive audience of around 250, most of whom stayed printers. The Print Coop IS able to 
for the hour and 45 minutes that the evangelist spoke. While 250 may undercut commercial rates . ~y 
not s.eem a large number, contrast that number to the virtually almost 50 . percent because It IS 
nonexistent audience t~at listened to Supervisor Lee Taylor during his. staffed entirely by volunteers . 
recent Revelle Plaza appearance in support of the Students for 
Voluntary Action, and the "open-mike" speeches last Monday by 
Montgomery Reed and Rudy Luque who advocated, among other 
thi n"s, the COOD. The mood of students on this campus is apolitical. 

However, that apolitical mood is not the result of laziness on the 

Student Regent 
and Stables 

Coop Agenda part of the students or some conspiracy to spread malicious untruths on 
about the state of campus politics; but, rather, it is the result of people 
taking a serious look at the political processes and activities occurring 
on campus and becoming insulted by the uniformly low brow men-
tality of many of the participants on both si.des of the fence. 

Alleaations throu,h the Ye .. r 
A few examples to support these points : Tom Tanana, a member of 

the anti-Coop Students for Voluntary Action tried to interfere in a 
strategy meeting of pro-Coop individuals; and" Montgo(T1ery Reed, 
whose sympathies lie with the Coop, upset because his press release 
basically proPollanda, was not printed verbatum on the front pag~ 
according to hi~ directions (as if he had a right to put his own ad--
vertisements on the front page of any paper) and was instead included 
by myself in a news story commemorating the opening of the 
referendum campaign, rudely screamed into the microphone yelling 
obscenities and attacking me specifically and the TT in general in the 
crudest and most vulgar manner. There have also been allegations 
through the year, which seem more than probable, that certain 
organizations have had their posters announcing positions, speeches 
and events-torn down. 

After last week's Coop meeting, I had the good fortune to talk to two 
students, who were somewhat curious as to the nature of the Coop and 
the upcoming referendum and had just attended their first meeting. 
They were not impressed. One student, who thought the idea of the 
Coop itself had merit, was disappointed and surprised at the poor way 
in which the Coop was carried on . The other student was d istressed at 
the immaturity of many of the students there, and was thus unsure of 
how he would vote in the upcoming election. When rules, rights and 
procedures are thrown out the window by an immature body, it stands 
to reason that the body may not be able to demand the support of 
those it purports to represent. 

Serious, Indictment 
The lack of moderation and restraint on the part of the individuals in 

the Coop on both sides of the fence is a serious indictment. The 
concept of "town meeting" democracy is valuable as long as the body 
politic is responsible and concerned with not it~elf , but with the 
general population. When it is not valuable, it is tyranny, and should 
be discarded immE'riately. The issue is, then, is the Coop valuable? 

by Richard Yep 
.WfWrfter 

The selection of a represen-
tative to the Southern California 
Nominating Committee for the 
student regent, and a report on 
the stables across the street from 
Muir will highlight tonight's 
Student Cooperative agenda. 

The undergraduate who is 
selected as the representative to 
the Southern California 
Nominating Committee will help 
select a candidate for student 
regent. 

External Affairs Local Coor-
dinator, Marco LiMandri will 
announce the current status of 
the stables , the University Town 
Center, and Belmont Park . 

I n an un usual move, the Coop 
will also conduct a "vote of 
confidence" on mandatory fees 
and the Coop itself, in light of the 
upcoming referendum wh ich 
challenges each. 

Reports will also be given on 
the all-campus dance, held last 
Friday night, off campus housing, 
and the Inter College Action 
Center . 

The Coop is scheduled to meet 
at 6:30 pm in . the main con-
ference room of the student 
center. 

Support TT 
Advertisers 

81E1 VP A 8'1'0 •• 
Spring Ski Sale 

TIle ChlM'ch of Con Ser.Ialion 
Invites You To Be An 

OIDAINED MINISTEI 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOIOF NATUIEPIDICS 

Our fast growing church i 
actively se~ing environment 

' oncious new ministers who 
believe what we believe: Man i 

, hould exist . in harmony wit~ ' 
~ature. We are a non-structured . 
aith, undenominational, with nc : 
radit ional doctrine or dogma . 
~efits for ministers are : 

1. Car Emb ,em and Pocket 1.0. 
~ 2. ReduGe j rates from man~ 
hotels, motE-Is, restaurants, ca 
ental agell c ies, etc . Ou 

directory list ~ over 1,000 prestigE 
I establ i.shmen15 extcndlng a" 
automat ic Cilsh discount. . 

3. Perform marriages, baptisms, 
l ,uner~ls and all other ministerial 
ltunctlOns. 

... Start your own church anCl 
I ~pply for ~~mption from 
property an other taxes. 

I Enclose a free-will donation for 
he minister's credentials and 

Pocketlicense. Your ordination is 
recognized in all 50 states and 
most foreign countries. 

<;HUICH OF CONSEIVATlON, 
lOX 375, · MAl\' ESTHER, 
FlOIIDA 3J569. 

All new clothing 'Qnd skiis 
Qt rock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENU 
4~4-1410 

c.ac Su""'. Ct. K .... Bee •• Aloha Rtcb 
Church' fits . H .. lin SancWt • Shi11, T runb . 

Ocean P8CiAc . H.~ Till • Bo.,., B.. Ai Brush • Shirts 
Posten. M.mel . 'II • . f-Ihift. Botnl en . Gila fins ' 

UsN Botnls • ea. Wheels. Skit • ..,. ... 
_plet. Ina ., $bt."..~ .oceaories 
~. ,5f La Jolla 
wAX SURF SHOP 

2226 Avenida de la Playa 
La Jolla, California 

454-4644 
TUB ~ 'UK. dj,O~. 

112 block west of 
La Jolla Shores /' . .f~rket 

Free InltructiOh 
Although the Coop's main 

furlction is to provide non-profit 
graphic services to the UCSD 
community, it also offers free 
instruction and training in the 
operation of its printing press to 
anyone interested in helping out. 
Volunteer workers are also given 
free use of the equipment. 

The organizer of the Print 
Coop, Garrett Gruener, considers 
the capacity for graphic 
reproduction to be an "essential 
political tooL" In ' a recent in-
terview he observed that the 
printed word is the basis of in-
teraction and change on the 
community level. He felt that the 
success of the Print Coop 
demonstrates the definite op-

portunities for influential action 
at UCSD if students are willing to 
donate the time and effort. 

Extra Equipment 
The· idea fo, the Print CCXlp 

became a reality when Ken 
Bowers, UCSD's Assistant 
Business Manager, discovered 
that the campus Graphics Ser-
vices had some extra equipment. 
He passed on this information to 
Gruener and other students, and 
after a few weeks of negotiations, 
it was agreed that the student 
could have the equipment as long 
as they didn ' t handle any 
university business normally done 
by Graphics Services. A giant 
crane was rented from Scripps, 
and the offset press, weighing 

continued on pale 7 

"Only Viable Alternative" 

Gish Speaks on Creation 
by Sherilin Heise 

Selene. Wnw 
Duane Gish PhD spoke to 200 students last Thursday in the Revelle 

Cafeteria on the Theory of Special Creation. "Started with protons, 
neutrons and electrons, and ended up with people," said Gish of 
modern evolution theories . In his talk, Gish said Special Creation could 
be proven as the only viable explanation of why we are here, withou t 
the use of the Bible or other similar literature. 

Gish emphasized the main points of Special Creation . First, a creator 
is required to perform the acts of creation . Second, the basic form of 
the various kinds of animals has remained the same since they were 
created . Gish pointed out, "For example, a bat was always a bat." Some 
changes have come from crossbreeding. Third, variation is limited 
within each kind of basic plant or animal . 

Gish also outlined the basic premise of evolution . All living things 
have arisen from a single primative cell which arose from inanil'liate 
matter. His major arguments against evolution are the gaps in fossil 
record . Evolution must have intermediary stages, and many have not 
been found . Gish also described a symposium between biologists and 
mathematic ians on .the probability of evolution occurring through 
natural mutation . His said that the mathematicians found evolution to 
be improbable, i f not impossible. 

I n an attempt to pin down the actual til11e of creatiorly Gish 
described rocks from the precambian period with no multicellular 
fossils, while cambian period rocks contained many types of complex 
fossils. Since each period was capable of making fossils , Gish pointed 
out these complex creatures suddenly appeared, as if created, with 
ancestors. 

r------------------~-------------------

Present thiS coupon With your meal al Ihe 
unique SpIce Rack Garden" Restaurant In PaCifiC 
Beach and you It get rolted Free Take home half a 
dozen of the tastiest home·made roilS or muffinS 
you 've ever mel ThiS oller IS good on Mondays thru 
Thursdays until May 29. ~ 
YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE V~ ~ 

A GARDEN RESTAURANT 

Mission Blvd . near Grand in Pacific Beach 
7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

--------_ ... ---------.. ------------------

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

(PSA ......... tI). 

The unofficial 
state bird , PSA, has 
more flights connecting 
northern and southern Cali-
fornia than any other air.hne. 

PIA . 

, 
Fly with u!: lor 

a song to eleven Cities. 
want to catch a PSA Grinnll'lO-
bird? That's easy. Just catch 
up With your campus rep. 

.. ... 

Monday, April 14, 1975 

Film: Steve Esmedina 

Shampoo 
In a , year when the American movie industry has produced 

enough "controversial " films to last a month of lunch table 
arguments, "Shampoo" has caused violently divergent reactions 
from critics and audiences alike.' Along with Terrence Malick's 
"Badlands" and Martin Scorsese's "Mean Streets," "Shampoo" is 
one of the few recent American films that does not cater to an 
ambivalent reception . It is a deceptive, but thoroughly un-
compromising social farce that veers away from the facile didactics 
usually associated with "exposls" of the ennervated rich. 

By novJ, the basic outline of the film's events must be well-
known . "Shampoo" is a sexual roundelay set in Beverly Hills on 
election eve, 1968. It follows forty hours in the life of a stud hair-
dresser (Warren Beatty), in anu out of a beauty salon, in and out of 
illicit beds, and in and out of various bureaucratic and personal 
calamities , 

The triumphs of the film are the very full portraitures that 
scenarists Towne and Beatty have concocted, and the ex-
traordinari ly full-bodied performances that director Hal Ashby has 
extracted from the actors . 

"Shampoo" accomplishes the difficult task of equalizing the 
characters as archetypes. The viewer is allowed to empathize, 
crit icize or pity the characters without being over judgemental. 
Every character in the film is compromised, and the painfully 
anguished expressions of the actors as they fall into situations, by 
turns comic, absurd and tragic, allow no room for empty moralizing 
on the part of the movie makers. 

Many cri tics have taken issue with the setting of the film both 
I geographically and chronologically. There is a tenden~y for 
American reviewers to make too much of metaphorical bric-a-brac . 
The glorious, plastic-fantastic milleiu of Beverly Hills begs to be 
satirized in this fashion . As for the alignment of the film's events 
with the election of Richard Nixon-i t might seem gratuitous, but 
there is alarming and humorous acuity to the concept. -

What no one has failed to acknowledge, however, are the subtle 
nuances each of the actors puts into their particular icon, Beatty's 
not-under-the-collar bedazzlement , jack Warden 's socksure 
bragadaccio, julie Christie's desperate opportunism, Goldie Hawn's 
insecure pouting, and most exacting, Lee Grant's sublime bitch-
iness. 

Four of the thirty member Pennsylvania Ballet 

Ballet Troupe to 
Give Performance Here 

The Pennsylvania Ballet company will bring its current tour to UC 
San Diego at 6 pm Wednesday in the Mandeville auditorium. 

The dance troupe from Philadelphia will present a four-part 
program, which will i n~lude Benjamin Harkarvy's "Recital for Cello 
and 6 Dancers, " John Butler's "After Eden," Czarny's "Concerto 
Grosso" and George Balanchine's " Scotch Symphony." 

Accompanying the ballet company will be the Pennsylvania Or-
chestra, the resident orchestra for the group . 

Tickets for the performance are 56 for the general public, 54 .50 for 
UCSD facu lty and staff, and 53 for UCSD students . They are available 
at the box office in UCSD's student center. 

From tune-ups to complete 
rebuild. . 
10 percent Student 
Discount with this C8rd. 

LA IOLlA AUTO BODl' 
FACTORY BAKED AUTO PAINTING 

BODY AND FENDER REPAIRING 
.. PEARL STIIEIT 

LA JOLLA. CAUF. GDI7 .. at,. 

Triton Times Page five 

Music: Charles Hyde 

Conduct Unbecoming 
There's an unmistakable sparkle, an aural glow 

that surrounds a superb performance . Your ear is 
gently carressed with the emotional and in-
tellectual outpouring of composer and performer. A 
magical "cl ick" leaves body and mind exhalted . 

This did not happen when Rafael Druian both 
conducted and was soloist with the La Jolla 
Chamber Orchestra . Instead, one is apt to describe 
the concert as "not bad," or "generally pleasing" 
with a shake of the head and then quickly change 
the subject. Intonation was of ten faulty, and the 
general ensemble spoke loudly of insufficient 
rehearsal. During his solo number, Oruian led the 
orchestra as well. I rrespective of its historical 
preci dent , most orchestras suffer noticably without 
a conduc tor . 

The history of conducting has been determined 
by changes in the constitution of the orchestras, the 
size of the group, and the standards to be obtained . 
In recent years we should add to this list the 
amount of rehearsal time available. Vocal groups 
and small groups generally use the most popular or 
readi ly available instrument (today the piano), or 
si mply beat time . The instrument able to play all 
parts of the composit ion by nature of its range (eg, 
the harpsichord, the piano, or the organ) has often 
been used, as has the ins trument playing the 
highest and best-heard part (eg, the violin , as with 
this concert) . Use of the violin has been enhanced 
by the violin player's ability to stand while playing 
as well as being able to sway and gesticulate to a 
certai n degree. 

All of these historical approaches to con ducting 
are in use today, with the addition of the modern 
conductor who has no perform ance role as such. 

The Greek chorus had a choragus who beat time 
with a stool. or stamped his foot. The Romans used 
similar devices, with the addition of prominent use 
of hand noises . . 

Ecclesiastical music poses especially simple 
problems for directing, as well as ample time for 
practice by continued repetition . Thus, direction 
was usually done trom the organ by simple head 
cues, or sticks pounded by the abbot or bishop. This 
was in practice from the sixth to the sixteenth 
centuries , when some silent beating was in-
corporated . LuJly (1632~ /70, leader of the French 
baroque school, beat time with a heavy cane. 
(Ironically , he died from an infection caused by the 
cane descending upon his foot during a per-
formance for the king .) 

Bach (1 685-1750) usually conducted from the 
harpsichord by waving his hands, stamping his feet, 
and nodding his head . Equally common at this 
time, and more so later, was the habit of con-
duction from the violin . Quantz (1697-1773) wrote 
on the duties of a violin-conductor , and Deldevez 
wrote a textbook on the subject of violin-
conduction in 1767, ten years after the composition 
of the Haydn concerto performed here. 

The use of the baton was introduced in England 
in 1620 by Louis Spohr, to the amazement and 
alarm of all present. Beethoven, Mendelssohn, and 
Weber all used the baton , necessitated by the 
greater size of the orchestra and complexity of the 
music . Still, the violin-conductor remained until 
about 1650 in many places . 

So history states that the Haydn (1732-1809) 
concerto in G was indeed to be performed with a 
violin-conductor. This , however, presents two 
questions about performances : whether the 
musicians of that day were more accustomed to this 
type of direction, or their ensemble was in fact not 
as good asthemodern'orchestra's. Probably both are 
true. In any case, as with performances on original 
period instruments, modern performances with 
historical styles may require some compromise on 
the part of both the performer and the audience. 

Druian performed the Hayd n concerto and the 
Schubert (1797-1628) Rondo in A, 0.438. The latter 
was originally scored for violin solO' and string 
quartet, but is often played with string orchestra 
accompaniment. As insipid as the orchestra part is 
in this piece, there were often great problems with 
ensemble and balance. Druian could not both 
conduct and be soloist, and his choice was simple. 

Also programmed on the concert were Joaquin 
Turina's (1882-1949) La Oracion Del Torero (The 
Bullfighter's Prayer) and Felix Mendelssohn's (18W-
47) String Symphony number 9 in C, the "Swiss ." 
Both of these works were better played, especially 
the first, which was a moving and emotional 
pastoral tone-poem effectively portrayed. Ap-
preciated was the fact that neither is too often 
programmed, and thu~ they are always a very 
welcome addition- to an Chamber orchestra's 
program. 

piease do not get the impression the concert was 
a total failure. Druian at time showed himself to be 
an able solOist, and an intelligent musician . But the 
La jolla Chamber Orchestra has much to practice 
and learn before they will be a very good ensemble. 

Rrtisans and Craftspeople 

E.m S824 month 
H.rd Workers Only 

c.n 458-0881 

Booth space aVililable for 
The Ocean Festiv .. 1 at the Del Mar Fairgrounds, April 26 and 27. 

Inexpensive opportunity to show and sell your wares to thousands. 
Write oi call: The Ocean Festival, PO BOX 924 

Del Mar, CA 92014 753·9709 

State 
Mutual I BIRD ROCK 

FOREIGN 
CAR 

REPAIR 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE ~j~ 
5831 L. Joll. Blvd. 

L. Joll., C.II1. 82037 
Phone 459-4558 

Leaftrton - 8.0 Inc. 

"'MODEL - NEW INSTALLATJONS - REPAI AS 
STATE LIceNSE NO. 2720617 

566-4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San Dieao, 'Ca. 92121 

SINCE 1889 _ ~ 
. ..,..... 

PAULA NEWMAN, MANAGER 

5661 La Jolla Boulevard 
459-2654 

A Friendly Place To Save 



Last Inning Rally 
Gives UCSD 5-3 Win 

By D~Ye Eiten 
IIpOftaW ..... 

The UC San Diego baseball team provided an exhibition in fun -
damentals Saturday as they came back to defeat Point loma, 5-3. 

The victory was the fourth straight for the Tritons, who are now 4-5. 
The win kept alive the slim'play-off chances for UCSD, which still trail 
Azusa-Pacific and Point Lorna in the standings. 

Through six innings, the Tritons showed an inability to perform easy 
fundamental plays, committing three errors and falling behind :H>. In 
the final inning UCSD turned it around, laying down two perfect 
suicide squeeze bunts in a five ran rally, and then putting together a 
classic double play in the bottom of the·seventh . 

Senior hurler Bill Goddard kept Point Loma in check for most of the 
game, holding back a team that had ripped UCSD 18-3 earlier in the 
season . The Crusaders were able to score a single run in the second , 
and added two more in the sixth on a line drive tWO-fun homer by Kerry 
Morris. Bob Lofgren , who relieved Goddard, received credit for the 
win . 

Poin t lorna's Terry Walling had a two-hit shutout going into the 
seventh , when the Tritons were finally able to break lose. Dave 
Youngdale and Mike Scarmella began the inning with singles to center. 
After Jim Dixon popped up, base hits by Guido Lattuca and Rich Briles 
gave the Tritons a run . Fred Gribi worked the count to 3 and 2 before 
drawing a walk for another RBI. 

Ji m McWeeny and Jeff Simons followed by executing a pair of 
squeeze bunts , the latter knocking in two runs on a Point lorna 
throwing error . Lofgren held the Crusaders in the bottom of the inn ing , 
helped out by a Scarmella toGribi to Youngdale double play. 

The double play was only one of the defensive gems of the afternoon 
for UCSD. Briles made a catch of a long drive in center, Lattuca made 
some superb throws from left, and Simons made a difficult catch of a 
shot at third base. 

As the team is making a turn-around late in the season, so is the 
baseball program . Captain Goddard attributes this in part to third-year 
coac h Lyle Olsen, who keeps the Tritons playing well despite some 
tough oppos ition. The Tritons have played, among others th is season, 
fifth-fanked Fullerton, UC Irvine, and Chapman College. They are 
teams, accord ing to Goddard, that in effect pay their players through 
numerous scholarships to play baseball . 

Coach Shirley Pelerso" MilicOllrilipoff 

League Champs Grossmant 
Forces UCSD Loss, 65-44 

by Jim Nuchol. 
Sport. Writer 

I ast Monday the women's basketball team lost a 
hard fought battle to powerful Grossmont, 65-44, to 
finish out their '75 basketball season . 

The team gave Grossmont, the league champs, a 
tough time and held their highly regarded op-
ponents in c heck for most of the first half . With 
four minutes to go before half time, UCSD took a 
23-19 lead on baskets by Debbie Robertson and 
Hillary Chi tick . However, a tenacious Grossmont 

fullcourt press forced sorne costly turnovers and 
the Tritons went to the locker room trailing 31-24. 

Patty Clark of Grossmont sparked that spurt with 
driving layins off the fastbreak and some nice jump 
shots . She finished with a game high 17 points . 

Although the second half marked numerous 
comeback attempts, with sparkling play by 
Robertson, who tossed in 13 points and was the 
leading rebounder, the Tritons never qUite made up 
the deficit. Marla Ross also helped the UCSD cause 
with 12 points while Chitick bombed in 8 and Lisa 
Stewart and Allison Chin had 6 and 5 points 
respectively . 

Padre Nine Lose in Ten Innings 
Southern Californians were 

finally able to get off the edge of 
their seats, where they had been 
while waiting for the Padres to 
open their season. 

A crowd of 40,000 was ex-

ANY STYLE CUT $7.00 

pected to be on hand for San 
Diego's 1975 debut Tuesday 
night, but that game was rained 
out, as was Wednesday's . Only 
19,823 turned out on Thursday, as 
the Padres lost their league 
opener 2-0 in ten innings . In 
searching for those 21 ,000 who 
didn't make it, I found several 
floating dowl') the freeway . 

The Padres are hoping for a 
better season, after finishing last 
in all six years of their existence . 
But Thursday was the same old 
story, as San Diego wasted a 
tremendous nine-inning four-hit 
shutout performance by Randy 
Jones . Rich Folkers came in to 
pitch the tenth , and it was all 
over . 

The Padres didn't waste the 
entire night, though, because 
tbey learned several things . For 
instance, Willie McCovey, who 
was thrown out by 35 feet tryi ng 
to stretch a double into a triple, 
isn' t very speedy . Also, clutch 
hitting might beat a minimum, as 
double plays killed three San 
Diego rallies . 

One has to wonder how long 
the Padres can continue losing. 
McCovey, Bobby Tolan, Glenn 
Beckart, Tito Fuentes, and Randy 
Hundley were all better than 

'average while playing for other 
teams in past years, and Johnny 
Grubb and Dave Winfield, both 
outfielders, have a good chance 
to be 1975 All-Stars . 

BOTTICELLI 

HAIRCUTTERS 
REDKIN RETAIL CENTER 

Now available in low-priced 
~ Pocket. Book editions .......... 

THE TEACHINGS OF DON JUAN 
A SEPARATE REALITY 
JOURNEY TO IXTLAN 

tlvee magnifICent works by 

Carlos 
Castaneda 

author of 
TALES OF POWER 

Hailed by the 
N. Y. Times a8 

"Utterly faSCinating" 
and by Book World as 

"Staggeringly 
beautlful/' 

ipCKETs1,50 ea, 
~ BOOKS ___ ..." 

Monday, April 14, 11m Triton Tim .. Page seven 

Assembly Bill to Give 
Renters Tax Credit 

Local Rent Control Board 
Bill Killed in State Senate Committee 

Renters will receive a 537-535 
tax credit next year if an amended 
bill by Assemblymen Willie 
Brown (o-San Francisco) is 
approved. 

Under existing law, renters with 
incomes of less than 55 thousand 
receive a 525 credit on their 
Income tax whereas renters with 
incomes of 58 thousand and 
above receive a 545 credit. 

Brown's bill, 282, originally 
proposed a flat 540 credit. But the 
Assembly Committee on Revenue 
and Taxation Wednesday 
amended the bill to keep current 
state costs of the credit equal to 
the cost of a flat credit. 

Although the exact am.ount of 

Earth • •. 
Continued from Page 4 

quake prediction and analysis are 
only a few of the opportunities 
that will become available in the 
future. 

" The earth faces many 
problems and earth scientists may 
help to alleviate them," said 
Fr'eidkin . It is to these ends that 
an expansion of the Earth Science 
program becomes necessary . The 
field itself is broad, covering the 
depths of the ocean to the 
limitless regions of the at-
mosphere , with classical geology, 
geophysics and geochemistry in 
between . 

Freidkin, Nierenberg and 
Curray hope to further enhance 
the program. New areas of in-
struction are being investigated, a 

Print COOp • •• 
Continued from P~ae 4 

nearly a ton , was lifted to the 
second floor of the Student 
Center . 

the tax credit has not yet been 
calculated, the consultant to the 
committee estimated it to be 
between 537 and 535 . 

Brown introduced identical 
legislation last year but former 
Governor Ronald Reagan vetoed 
an unamended version of the bill . 

A spokesman for Governor 
Edmund - Brown , Jr. , said the ' 
Governor has taken no stand on 
the bill, but it is likely he will be 
in favor ot "anything that favors 
the middle and lower income 

peopl~ ." 
The bill must be approved by 

the Ways and Means Committee 
before going to the floor . 

coordinator for the program from 
SIO will be appointed, and an 
information bulletin drawn up . 

A Dilemma Arises 

A bill that would have per-
mitted local governments to 
en~ct rent control ordinances did 
not survive the first legialative 
hearing last week. 

5B 123 sponsored by David 
Roberty (D-los Angeles), would 
have given local governments the 
option to appoint rent control 
boards. The boards could have 
changed rental rates , issued 

Student 
Handbook 
Planned 

Students who come to UC San 
Diego in September will find a 

. student written and edited guide 
to the University to help them 
through their first days on 
campus, student center director 
Mark Bookman said last week. 

According to Bookman, the 
Neither a major program nor a student ha.ndbook will comprise 

department is being established seven sections : the bureaucracy 
however. Rathel the c·urrent' · and how to handle it, including a 
policy of enrichm~nt of the other list . o! availilble campus 
majors will continue. A dilemma publications that would be ~f 
arises ' in that in order to in- help; grades and academi C 
corporate the 'classes now being matters i~ gen~al ; .money .on 
discussed for earth science the campus, including Information 
major programs in chem'istry, about financi~1 aids and 
math , and physics must be cut CALPI~G ; hOUSing an~ trans-
down or made less rigorous . This portatlon; campus services ~nd 
action would weaken the events , such as counseling 
respective programs, planners programs, the intramurals sports 
feel. Until the problem is ironed department, and arts and lec-
out, the Earth Science program _ tures ; legal , health and dope 
will re main in limbo . proble ms and wh~t to do about 

for 500, and S 10.00 for 1000 
sheets , a price sub stant ially 
below commercial rates. 

them; and student organ izations, 
the comm ittee system, and the 
campus governme nts . 

Bookman sa id s ix wr iters for 
the handbook will be hired , along 
with two coeditors . Referral s for 
the jobs are available at t l)e 
Student Employment Office, and 
intervi ews are sc heduled for 
Thursday and Friday . 

Wr iters wi" be pa id S100 each, 
editors from S600 to S800. 

orders , formulated policies , rules ' was passed persons wi th low or 
and regulations and subpoenaed fixed incomes would suffer 
witnE:sses . Voting for the bi ll we re Sens . 

The bill would have se t a 
maximum level of rental rates ' 
c harged up to Dec. 1, 1974. 
Landlords would have been able 
to petition the board when they 
felt they were not receiving a "fair 
return on their prope rty ." 

About thirty persons test ified 
bef ore the Se nate Jud i ci ary 
Comm ittee in favor of t he b ill . 
Old people, stude nts and tenant 
association members told the 
comm ittee that unless the bill 

Hastings . •• 
Continued from P~ge 1 

provides for S3 mill ion to be pa id 
to the current owner, USIU . 

Kapiloff said last Thrusday that 
he will amend hi s bill to conform 
to Moscone's. His measure was 
endorsed last week by the San 
Diego County De mocratic Central 
Comm ittee, whi c h ci ted a need 

Nic hola s Pe tr is, ( D-Ala m eda ), 
Ge o . Moscone (D-San Francisco ) 
and Roberty . 

Against the bill were De n'nis 
Carpe nte r (R-Newport Beac h), 
Robert Stevens (R-los Angeles ), 
Robert Presley (D-Riverside) a nd 
George Deu ke m ian (R-long 
Beac h). 

Roberty said the bi ll would be 
in trod uced in t he assem bly , 
where he sai d it wo uld receive a 
more favo rable reception . 

for a public law school for people 
"whose economic status does not 
pe rm it them to pursue a p rivate 
legal education ." 

The Moscone bill incl udes a 
provision for an e nrollme nt o f no 
more than 500 students fo r the 
fi rst five years. 

~F':O;-&:.z.~~;:;:-§:;:;:;:;:;:-:;:;;;:;:':':':';'~.;':':::':':':':':':':':':·:':~:~:~:~:~:~:5~:::~:~:~::~:~:~:~:':~~~'! 
~ N :~: Career Possibilities in the Health Field ::: 
y ~ 
't' tt, 
m Sunday April 20,1975 :1; 
::! 9:00 a .m. to 5:00 p .m. :!: 
::: Basic Science Building, Room 1105 ::: 

* ~ ::! Optometry, nursing, medical technology, dietetics, medical :!: ;;~ social work, psychology, recreational therapy, genetic ad- III 
::: vising, and many others. ::l 

~ ~ 
',' Participation is free . Reservations are required, however, for ,', 
:::1:':1 lunch arrangements. lunch is S2.00 Call 452-4170 or 452-3750 .:",l:J: 

for reservations or information. Deadline for reservations is 
~:: April 16th. '::! 

~ ~ 
!,! Sponsored by: :': 
;::: Career Planning and Placement Health Science Advisory ::: ':~: Program and . '::: 
!:! The Minority Recruitment Office,'School of Medicine .::: :t:.~.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.~.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:t:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::.:.:.:.:~~; 

At the present time the Print 
Coop has two major needs . First 
of all , business is needed from 
individuals and organizations in 
th e UCSD community with 
anything at all to say, political or 
otherwise . A standard job can be 
fini shed in one or two days . The 
cost is S2.25 for 100 sheets , S6 .25 

The second major need is for 
volunteer workers . Future plans 
include work-study pOSitions for 
some students and the establish-
ment of regular working hours 
each day . Gruener hopes to 
eventually have a full staff of 
employees who can provide 
quick while-you-wait printing on 
the same day a job is submitted . 

CMlfORNIAC~~ 
yoU CAN STILL 
MAKE MILLIONS 

IN THE 
STO'CK MARKET 

APRU. " AVERAGE WHITE BAND ucso WITH LES McCANN 

"""'LU HERBIE HANCOCK 
lIND SUI'POffT/NG ACT 

WEATHER REPORT CMC1HU1EII 
BR.LV COBHAM 

JEFF BECK 
MAHA VISHNU OReH. GOI.D£N HAlL 

Imlf JOHN Me UlUGHUN 

r<.lR U ( 0 SHOWS TICK£T AU.-&- AT U c::.. to, 0 
rOll IttOWS AT (i(lW[N tWJ • nt£ CMC ntEATIIl. Sn.ot:HT a NtOl. , RfCOlUJ!i IN SOUIl'tA • 

IJ'ICNTM. GOOD _ ~I <:OIIDS '" 0 • . THo: Gl:T n "" _ IN N.8.. I.A _ MlISIe MMl-=. lK1CI:TI "VAL AT O:NTfJI ... 0fPICI.. - _ '"C' filllttT. M.I. --..os . ..... m..& 1'OR 
NOItt N'O CAU. ...... ___ AlII) ' NJ. • IIOOY IN t!lCONOIDO. N'C) All. 

~--= TOII£S. 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS 
EXTENSION 1360 

by . 
SAMUEL MITCHELL 
(THE MAN WHO DID) 

Mltch.1I dl.clo ... no magic tormul .. tor 
quick rich •• but h. do. •• how you how, 
.t.rtlng from ,crltch a •• n .dv.rtl.lng 
m.n, not. W.II St .... t .xpert, h. mad •• 
profit ot .om. 'our million dol!a,.ln I ... 
th.n two decad •• ; .nd that It w •• not .11 
luck, H •• tat •• mo.t .mphatlcally th.t to 
become a .ucc ••• fullnv •• tor you mUlt 
t.k. careful not. of how .nd why 10 .... 
occur and how stockpiling 10 •••• d •• troy. 
onc. rich and proflt.bl. holdings. H. flndl 
It much .a.l.r [.nd ch •• per) to Itudy the 
10 •••• 0' hll cont.mpo~rI •• th.n to try to 
ov.rcom. hi. own . Experl.nc.11 the belt 
t.ach.r .... pecl.lly when you can le.m 
from the experl.nce 0' oth.rs! 

NEED IT fAST? ... TRY US flRSTI 



'ClAY PHONE Nne. An ouu.ch to .... 
U.C.'.D. Gey community. Informetlon 
or Juet _nt to .. 7 _.-, 11111 

lEX CLINIC: Cou ..... ns on lex .. 
Probl.m.. Wed. 3-1 pm; R.v.". 
Cou ...... OffIce lnext to the Rev. 
Provoet OffIce,. Judith J .... _. 
M.D.· Hugh .... Ph.D. 13114' 

A !let of the Revel ...... Ior. who hev. 
cIeolered their CIIndldec:y for Spring 
QUllrter. ,.,. ....... n P"ted on the 
beIIIrd out8Ide the Revel .. Provoet'. 
OffIce. P'- check to be certIIln thet 
¥OUr neme" on thIe liet. 14/'" 

MANNA I. coming I 

Any Muir lIienIor intwated In eervlng 
on the Muir Oreelucatlon Com min ... 
P ...... top by the Muir D .. n·. Offlc •• 
2121 HftSS or Cllil. ext. ".14/'" 

Subpo.n. O.II.ry Iform.rly 
Hu""nI .... Llbnlry Gallery, ahlbltlon. 
"Southem Expoeure" of PhotOllr,aphy. 
PIIlntlng. .nd eculpture by etudenta 
from verl_ So. Cellf. college cam-
puIM. 0.11ery hounl ere 12-1 Mondey 
through Setu"y. Apr. 11. Ground 
floor. _t .Id. of Humenl .... Llbrery. 
141'" 

Muir .tuden" Interelted In competing 
.... In.t Fourth CoIleg. In .n In"r-
coil... competition the 6th wHIt of 
QUI"'r. _ Scon .t the Muir DHn·. 
OffIc •• xB7. T .. m. b.lng formed In 
voIl.vltell •• oftblil • • nd w.t.r·polo. co-
ed.14114' 

Trltonnm. Monday, April14,19'75 
What's Happening ------~--:------, 

MCAT .. ,...,.... Cou ........... _ft 
l'u .. ..a:JD p.1I\. In ... 8oIenc. 
"IuIIdIntI Z1GO. For Info 412· 4170. II/B' 

ContrIbutIonI for _ond IIeue of 
Fourth Coli ••• Writing PrOgrem'l 
...... ry megezI.. Fourthwrlte. ere 
being eccepted from Fourth College 
etudentl or etudenta ~ In the 
writing prognlm. Meterlll ehould be 
typew. 1ttaI.. dou ...... epeced. .nd In-
clude edd-. No .......... 1 wltl be 
returned. u..... I".ngementl ere 
mede. Deed •• II April 11. In the Fourth 
Col .... Writing Progrem OffIc •• ,. H· 
L Cover deIIgne '''0 w.leom .. 14I111 
MCAT ()'Chem SectIon. Prof. F.hev. 
TUM 4-111-1:30 11. BSB 14/141 
VOCAnONAL INVENTORIES: Coun-
.. ling for me)ore .nd ca,..". TUM. 3-4 
pm. Fourth Provoet OffIc.. Jennl 
Murrey. Actlng DMn. Hugh P.tn. PhD. 
No .ppolntm.nt nec:_ry. (4/14) 

ATTENTION REVELLE STUDENTS. Th. 
foll_lng POiltione ., •• ".llIble: 
Interne • to further dev.lop .nd .taff 
the Rev.lle Commut.r Ind Stud.nt 
Advoc.cy C.nt.,. Four po.ltlonl 
1V.lllbl. for 11J1.".ced.mlc YHr. 
Ortentltlon Leclere . to help with 1m 
f,..hmen IUm""r ort.n .. tlon. Eight 
poeltlone '''IIIIb'' for IUmmer. 
Pick up ref.".1 .lIp .t Student Em-
ploym.nt OffIce. (4/14' 

ARICA April 11 TUM. Muir Loung • . 7 
pm. Fr .. 114/14, 

REVELLE STUDENTS InterMted In 
helping to plln Ori.ntatlon .ctlvltl .. 
com. to I brown beg lunch .t the 
Provoet OffIc. petlo W.d. 12 Noon - 1:30 
pm. 14/11J 

Stud.rIte. P ......... In .election of e 
new OASIS Director. 8tuden .. will 
Interview IPpl\cllntl on T_ 4111. 
Thu" 4/17. Monelly 4/21 end Wed 4/23 
It 4:00 pm In the .tudentl CIInt.r 
confere_ room. 14/14' 

The Women'l Center I. offerins I .... c 
Plumbing C .... every Mondly nI.ht. If 
IntarMtecI contlCt D ... X2IIIIZI. 

BAM··Th. B .. le Auto Mech.nlc. 
e ...... will meet Mondly. April 14. For 
Info contact 01111 .t the Wom.ne 
Center. X20Z3. 14/111 

VISUAL ARTS UNDERGRADS 
Get whit you _nt from the VI_I Arte 
D.pt. .nd .how your own work 
through the Undergred. Art Oillory. 
Anend the or ... nlutlonel m .... n" ot 
the Und ... gred. Art .... Union Mon. 4/14 
Student C.nter Lounge 4:00 14/14) 

Tren.c.nd.ntll Medlt.tofl: Group 
Medltltlon Ind Adv Meetln" Mon. 
Aplrl 14 It 7 pm In Bilk. Conf .... ne. 
Room Joe Rlek... ..... -"840 
(S.I.M.S.) 14114' 

GAY STUDENTS Org.nllltlon.1 
Coming Out PARTY. Mon. April 14. 
Student C.nter Lou~ge. 7:00. Everyon. 
welcome I 14/14' 

TUMdly. 4:30 bel_ the gem. room .t 
the Student Center to dllcull • 
prOllnlm to lnempt to provide f,.. 
birth control ... mlnetlone. All In-
tareeted wom.n .nd men Invited. 14/14' 

PoIltlcel Science Studerltel Oet your 
boI. to the Revel.. Forrnel Lounge 
Wedneedey Iftemoon .t 3:00 pm for • 
union m •• tlng ..... Th.,.·. pow., In 
numberel141111 

M .. tlng of • etudent ohepter of the 
Auoclltlon for Computing M.chlnery 
Mondey Apr. 14 3 pm 2A 2101. 14114' 

SATCH MEmNO 7:00 Wed. April 1 .. · 
Film: H .. 1th & Hunger Conf.rence Rm. 
Student Ct. - Every_ W.lcom. '·14/111 

SKI TEAM MEmNO. TUESDAY. APRIL 
16. 1:00 pm. BLAKE CONFERENCE 
ROOM 14/14) 

THE STUDENT COOPERATIVE 
MH" Mondly Nlgh ... t 1:30 AT THE 
STUDENT CENTERII Find out .bout the 
Coop for you.....,1114/14, 

FrM Intro Lecture on Trenecenden .. 1 
Medltltlon TUM. April,. Noon Ind 7:30 
pm In R.vell. Form.1 Loung. For ThOle 
IntlrHted In L .. mln" More About T.M. 
Joe RI.ker ..... 280-1840 IS. I. M.S.) 
(4/14' 

The Rev .... Progrem BOlird II pleued 
to ennounc. th.t w •• ther per· 
mltlns m .... c will be provided on the 
Revelle Pie. TUM. 1~-OO to 1:30.14114' 

. 

Elt your helrt out euppOrt 4th College 
.t. beke ....... Mondey April 14th on 
the Revelle PIe. 11 .m ~tIon of 
frMhIy beked goode welcomed: 412· 
1ZJ1114/14' 

Prof_or Berbenl Wlntere from Phil 
Dept. will be In the Wom.n·. Center on 
TUM 4/11 for thIe week'l Brown BIg 
Lunch. 14/14' 

April 11: ATOMIC CAFE M.neg .... : 
Curt.. Abbott. Su. N.gorcn. John 
StNb .. 1:00 pm Student Center (4114) 

"Who I. JIlUI Chritt1" S.mlner on the 
Chrlltlen F.lth. 7:30 to .:00 pm. .t 
UnIv .... 1ty Lutheren Church loun" •• 
.Croll the It,..t from the Urey H.II 
perking lot. W"come. C.mpUl PutOf 
John Huber I. the .tudy INder. (4114) 

STUDENTS INTERESTED IN 
VETERINARY MEDICINE Mond.y. 
April 14. 7:00 pm RIV"I. FOrtnlll Lounge 
T.lk by UC D.vI. "eterinery .tudlntl 
(4/14) 

WOMEN'S FILM SERIES: 0 ... 1 .. Ind 
Cleo From 1 to 7 In the Re,)"I. C.f •• t. 
pm TOMORROW ITuMdey'. FREE. 
14114' 

4th Stud.n". Looking for • cer_1 
Anlnd I Brown B.g lunch dllCulllon. 
Dr. All • ." Schn.lder will dl.cull 
outlookl In .nglneering Mondly. noon; 
In the Student Clnt.r G.m. Conf. 
Room. (4/14) 

,.---------Advertisements for Ourselves ----------, 

Womln·. we .. ult Im.dlum)· Jlck.t. 
long john. hood. bootlH. ExcIII.nt 
condition *.00 CIII.,...,1 (4/11) 

,. AUSTIN MINI COOPER·S 1m c.c .• 
cuttom pelnt & In .. rlor Q4OO.00 Firm. 
G..-IL.uClldll) 14/11' 

CITROEN . ?G-2CV·MEHARI • 40.000 
mliH • mllw/gillon • • "00. 43f.tI73 
(4/'" 

6 D.teun. 610. 8-epok.. .Iurn-.lloy. 
Spider M.g •. N_I .121/or BHt __ 
."14/11, 

. • Chev 1 cyln. V.n WlndOWI. Big 
wheel.. need. front tl,.. .nd .lIgn-
""n!. rune good tIUO. ~ (4/11' 

• Cem.ro m 4 .p. convt. Sliver 
w/bllck Int. Nu tl,... ExceUent Condo 
462·1240. 14/11) 

Slide Rule. C.lcul.tor. Ad" ... bl. 
M.mory; De""./ R.dl.n. Sel.ctor; 
MOlt function.; Adeptor. till Olin. 4153-
4100 X301 work. 411.-32 In PM (4/14) 

,. Buick Electnl. V.ry good condition 
.Ir conditlonlng/ill power .ccn.orl •• 
Ed. 412·1322 (4/11) 

Typ_rit.r. Smith & Corone Electric for 
Nle. After five. 463-6111 . l4/ 11 , 

- Pontlec Temp .. t Convertlbl • . 
O,..t .hepe. fir out tren.portltlon for 
the.ummer. " .8441 (4/11) 
,. AUltln Mini Cooper·. 1m C.C .• 
cu.tom Pllnt & In .. rlor .2400.00 Firm. 
G..-IL'UClldll) 111/111 

• .,.ck "pe pllyer .• "hI ..... II.tlc plly.r 
II three week ,old. ::OltaCt Nw.chuk-
wu 221 Cebrillo H.lI Third ColI.g. or 
412 ..... (4/11) 

'r7 VW Bug. lIood treneportltlon MOO. 
-.t7IIlftar 6. 14m I 

Two H .. th-Klt Jeh.... SPNke". 10" 
woofer. two 3" w lde·dl.pe"lon 
tw .... re. ""hop", c.lne ... " ./beet 
off .... 4I1-1G4lPete 141"1B) 

Tube.4-v.Iv •• tood condition. w/ce .... 
.. or beet off ... IIop or downl. Cherll.: 
· ·.,. ... 1211 

MUit Hli ·'WllcIerneH." "ExClillbur" 
conePtIIC beckpeckl. U.ed onc • • " .00. 
m.oo. Will tlke tred.. I.e. cen_ 
contact Scott. TIOtli H.II. E·".14/'4' 

2 mltched blkM. IIdln .nd m.n·. 
bnlnd _ 3 .PHd K.T.M. Au.trten 
fully equipped .,..00 pro __ " . 
1 .... 114' 

REALISTIC STA-I2I rec.l"er. 2 Amp.x 
Speak.re. 2 R .. lltt1c SPNke". Lilt 
t3OO. S.II .'10. All or pert. Bob -'3224. 
(4114' 

Needed: 6·... blond. blu. eyed. .t· 
trectlv. f.m .... Inteillpnt. fun to b. 
with. RICH prerequillt • . BHt offer. 411-
104/ ASK for Pete Hellmenn 14/141 

To the girl In the light blu. 73' VW bug 
with golden retri.v.r puppy who 
picked me up 411111 on the _y to Del 
M.,. Cell me " .1I2Ie .0 I CIIn recover 
the c.lcullter I left In your CIIr. Peter 
(4/141 

Judy Longhelr 
Bon Innlv_lre. feliz cumplMnoe. 
hippy birthdly. IThere WII no more 
room In FridlY·. pepe", 

Lov •• Dori.14/14' 

Judy. 
H.vI I hippy. Joyoul. Ind fun tw.n· 
tl.th blrthd.y. AU our lov •. Kelly. P.t. 
Chri • • B.rb. Sue .nd Dorl • . (4/14' 

Ar. you dl ... tI.fled with your .0cl.1 
IIfe1 ... S .C.0.P.E. cln h.lp you. Detaill 
.oon. 14/14) 

Hot d.mnl Cln you bell.v.lt? Stir Tr.k 
lIVESI14/14) 

OHrM.ck. 
HIPPY IItl B·d.y. In • YHr you CIIn buy 
beer. Lov. Phyn"ue (4/14) 

DHr .. t .nd mOlt fooll.h PHUCK·nuta. 
When will you ever IHrn? Rev.ng. 
CIInnot be hid on the W.key·W.k.y 
Olrll. PI_ tlk. to hMrt the previoul 
lIylng. of COnfuclul .nd .1.0 beer In 
mind thet "H. who d_ not heed the 
word. of Confuclu •• hell be deltlned to 
.uff.r the wreth of the vengeful." 
Com. on bOVl. n_ r.llv. the foun-
tlln; C;II!!!n't yo. tWnIl of Inythlng 
more orlglnel7 Unfortunetely for you. 
w. h.v.. The Infemou. QUot. of 
"Bumm.; B~r Bummer" .hell 
.oon be echoing throughout the hel .. 
of Atllnt ... Phlreuf II never enough. 
The W.key W.key Girle 14114) 
Need I good lob on cempu.1 "Lecture 
Not .... - I new ... It etu ore needI. Blo. 
Chem. & PhyeiCi gred ltudenta lor 
upper dlvlllon Itu·. w/good greclM' to 
tekl notn for lower dlv. c ....... Good 
P.yIC.1I Kiti. Ift.r I p.m. ~1317 
14/'" 

SOPHIA . I enJoyed meeting you 
Wedne.dlY .t the 1 & Dim • . 
IR.m.mber Mlk. Hunt71 '''ng CnlZY I. 
living fully . ... you ... ln11 Glen 14/14' 

How do you rete your HX Ilfe1 ..... 
S.C.O.P.E. knOWl ..... 14/14' 

Portlbl. c .... ne Recorder. P.trick. 
412·3713 dly. (dre"" dept.) -. ... 
nltH.14/11' 

Wet Suit. Long·John & J.cket. for 0 ft. 
Joe. 412.1104(4111) 

Cer pool: Mon. Wed 2~ pm UCSD to 
Million B.y for IIUlng. Cell G .... Id .. 
6417.141111 

Wlnted mele co-driv.r IMVln" May 
12th vi. Fl ..... ". AlbuQuerqu • • 
D.nv .... York·Nebr. Min_poi ... 7a. 
303I'1 .... /1B' 

Oultarilt lookln" for p.reon. Intareeted 
In pleylng Blu"re... lIrry 211-11 •. 
(4114' 

Writ. fl. Edltofl. M.n'lIem.nt. 
Seer.tarl.1. Artletl • • nd lIyout peopl. 
to h.lp .tart 1If111 clrculltlon Picture 
M.".zlne. Profi.. to be .hlred com· 
munelly. 232·1312 for get-tog.ther. Bill 
Reid. Spenl.h VIIIIgl. B.lbOi Plrk 
121011 """4) 
Stud.nt. Inter •• t.d In" weekly 
dleculling whit God'. Word IIY' to 
IIch pereon. No IxPerienc. nec_ry. 
Contact D.nnle McF.dd.n C · ... 
(4/11) 

Need Room""ta to .herl pIIc. on 
Sunlet Cliffs. Cell 2224731 Eve. ' :311 -
1:30 P.M. or before 8:30 AM (4111) 
Coup" looking for fuml.hed IUmmer 
rental. June 16-Sept. 'I; lnI thin 
t2IIO/mo. Cell for G.ry It -'2Il10 
Iwork) or.....,lhom.'. (4/11) 

3 BR. P"ymor T_nhouH 2BA. Brick 
petlo. pertly fuml.hed. only • monthe 
old. lneludn new refrl ..... tor. ,po 
pllenCIII. .veillble June 11. 462·21 •• 
222·23221""/11) 
M ... or F.mele Roommeta needed to 
.hlre two bedroom .pertment .t 1I 
JollI Villi g • . Pool & jecuzzl nIIrby. 
M7.lO/month & uti I ...... 4I1-I1r714/11' 

'ROOMMATE WANTED: B .. utlful3 Itdr. 
hou .. on cliffs In Q.I. Own room .,. .• 
& uti ....... becky. rd .... Irw.y to c_ 
etc. 221-7131, lite II beet. eftar 11pm. 
14/11' 

2 Hou .. m ..... M or F. own room • ., 
e.ch. Includ.. utll . C.bl. TV. 
Newepepe,,; T.I.phonl. Clllr.mont . 
BI" Yerd. Quiet. BUI. Shopping. 3 MOl. 
Min. Aft., I . ~ A.k for Rlndy. 
1411.' 

Fem." roomm.t. wlnted. Shire IIr"l. 
IUnny 4 bdr Ipt In L J Shorn. 10.10 & 
utllltin. 1/2 block to beech. UCSD 1 
ml ... "2170. 14/ '" 

M.I. from M.y 1 to the .nd of the 
QUI"'r. W.·II take dog. • If they're 
f.mll • . R.nt II 17.10 pi". utilitin. __ 
1071. 14/1" 

-Need IOm"ne IF! to tlk. ov ... my pert 
of rent .pt. Own room. fumlehed 
utlHtlM paid. cempu. convenlenc. 
IVI .... Drlve/ShorM, .tter 10 pm; _ 
until 1111: .,10.00 · Torry ..... Tuko 
412· ... 141111 

Rec.nt col.... gredu.t.. feme... 22 
looking for room In hou.. or .pert· 
ment. Cell Dlene: D.y~. Night 
422 .... 1""/111 

Houl. Switch: II JollI - BOlton. 
Viliting · prof. 0 .. 1,.. hou .. In 1I 

JollI. J.n-June 1m. Will IWItch for 
hou •• ln BOlton. "'-1",,/14' 

, 

W.nted - 3 bedroom hou •• In P.B. I,... 
Rlldy to move In • M.y or June. Pete 
mutt be .ccepted . .... ren ... 462· 
1714. C.II .ttor 10:00. 141111 

Flut. L ... one . C .... lcel InetNction by 
aperi.need flutI ... 412-1011. 14/111 

Automotlv. repelr. Tune UP'. BnlkM. 
lube Ind 011. Good Work. L_ Price. 
Mlk .. 412-181214/111 

WEE OS PULLED •• round ctMred end 
oultlYeted for VEGETABLE GARDENS. 
Expert pruning .nd tttmmins of ...... 
hedllM •• nd t,.. • . DI.glng. AI m·. 
14/111 

TYPlNO··MARIL YN would like to type 
YOUr peper. thee... etc. She II a · 
"",need on III typn of pepere. feet. 
_ble .nd hn • correcting 11M. 
,..... call her It -'7GID. 1""/11) 

" LET OUR FINGERS DO YOUR 
TYPINGI" DOCTORATE • ... MANU 
aCRlna ... THUIi. 
11M Ieieotrle II CorreotIng Typewrftaf. 
Numberoul Typee. CempUl pIck·IIP. 
DOUIU-D A •• OCIATEI 224·1111 . 
11141111 

Typing. IBM·. Experi.nced. cerbon 
ribbon. reporte. ........ Iccurat.. 10 
c.n ... nd up. P.m tlll).1217 .ft.r 1 pm. 
14/141 

Tutoring · Engll.h writing Ind reeding 
Iklll.. Editing p.pe". dl ... rtatlone. 
Undergreel Ind greduet. . 1.".1. .. 
521 • . ( .... /.' 
Nled • pert time _retary for your 
bullnll. or typlet for your ..... orte1 
Prof_lonel. quellty work. -.alii. 
1",,/21' 

ATTENTIONI B .. ln",,7 Intermedllta1 
Advlnced7 Enloy tennl. from • tour· 
.m.nt profftel_l. H.1f prlc. for 1.t 
.... on . ".IID hour. Jon Orout .... 114. 
1",,/11) . 

"TYPING by form.r ... cutlve 
_retlry. 11M. term ........ .tc. 
Quellty work. "'ncho B_rdo. Mre. 
WMt4l7·12101." 1",,/141 

SOUTH AMERICA & GALAPAGOS ISLES 
2·4 Month Experl_... I_COlt 
Itochure: NEWNORLD EDUCAT10NAl 
TRIPS PO BOX 2131 SelIMI. C. .." 
1 .... /11) 

EUROPE·ISRAEL·AFRICA·ORIENT Low 
cOlt flighti. tou,., the whole etudent' 
bit. At our offlc. _ 2DO FREE no .... 
eom.1I1 pe"'ph..... brochuree.··bi" 
.buck. IIvln .. EITC 110 W. Sixth. Sultl 
311 LA. .,41211112J.2121 hll/il 

EUROPE-ISREAL· AFRICA Student 
flightl YMr round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11117 Sen Vlcen" Blvd. No. 4 
LA.C.IIf." 
Tel: 12111 ........... Ipl/II 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPe. 
.. RAEL. ORIENT. L_ prieM- long .nd 

,Ihort fll.ht.. L1mlt.d .pee • . 
PROFE.8ION. INTERNAnONAL ,. 
Weetwood Blvd. lAo ...... 12111 """21 
." 477·1112 II/I) 

SSW Tnlvei OffIc • . ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY •• ORIENT CHARTERI. 
Int'I 'tu~ .ID. Eurall. HOetei Ce,.. 
TrtNInt ......... ate. UcaD 1ft. 
........ Center • .- 11 em-4 pm 
M.W.' : ONLY CI_.d T ....... Thun. 
IpIII' 


