
... Happy WbateYer. 

Wedaelday. ovt>mberZl, U75 

Saxon Confronts Angry Anti-CIA Crowd Here 
1905 

Revolt 
Recalled 

byJam sG.Soto 
CttyEditor 

Maurice Schaffer remembers 
the Russian Revolution ; not the 
one made famous by Le nin , 
Trotsky and Kerensky, but . the 
Revolution of 1905. 

Schaffer was sabred by a 
Cossack in the streets of Vilna on 
the night of Oct. 17, 1905 and he still 
bears the scars on his head to serve 
as a daily reminder. 

Schaffer is a self described labor 
organizer, social democrat, ·union 
painter ; and political activist who 
has led a vibrant life both here and 
in Russia . 

He currently lives in East San 
Diego with his wife of over 50 
years, Jenny, and came into 
contact with the UC San Diego 
Community after working at the 
Veterans Admini,stration Hospital. 

" Mo" Schaffer, as his friends 
call him was bom in 1893 in a small 
town near Vilna , the capital 
Lithuania. At the t ime Lithuania 
was a possession of the Russian 
House of Romanov and Schaffer 
still has memories of life in Czar·st 
Russia. 

" Under the regime of Czar 
Nicholas things were so horrible 
people were treated like cattle and 
people were thrown in jail for no 
reason and without a trial. If a 
peasant did not pay taxes, the 
d puty would take away his last 
cow or goat and ,chase .out his 
family from his hut," Shaffer 
reminisced. 

Schafler received his early 
education in a Russian school and a 
Hebrew Talmudic school. During 
this period he mastered Russian, 
Heb rew, Polish, Yiddish, 
Lithuanian, and even picked up a 
little German. 

First Contact 
It was at the Hebrew school that 

Schaffer had 'his first contact with 
the United States. He read a 
Yiddish book entitled " Washington 
and Moses: Liberators of the 
World." 

In 1903, the 10 year old Schaffer 
joined the underground" Young 
Social Democrat ic Party. This 
organization was a branch of 
Alexander Kerensky's Menshevik 
Party, a group of Social Democrats 
that was opposed to the Bolshevik 
pa rty of Lenin. 

During that early period 
Schaffer developed a distrust for 
the Communists that has remained 
to this day. " Even before the 
ReVOlution and the Great War, ~he 
Bolsheviks put obstacles in our 
paths," he explained. 

During the ill-fat d Revolution of 
1905, Schaffer was wounded by the 
Cossack's sabre and spent some 
lime in a hospital. 

In the years from 1905 to 1911, 
Schaffer became a very active, if 
·eer t member of the Social' 
Democrats. His work carried him 
to ermany where he smuggled 
guns and books back to Russia. 
" My parents didn't even know I 
was a Social Democrat," Schaff r 

id. 
It was during these years that 
'haffer developed his kills as 8 

ontinued on Page la 

UC Pre.Went Saxon .,... ... before crowd in front of the gym 
.tep. ,estenla, (n photo: NtdIMIn'Me,en) 

Saxon Says CIA to Stay 
. . 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

In a question and answer session 
yesterday at UC San Diego, UC 
President David Saxon told staff 
and students that 11 would not 
prohibit Central Intelligence 
Activity (CIA) activity on UC 
campuses because, in his words, " I 
don't define others' morality ." 

Speaking before a loud and 
chanting crowd at the Gym steps, 
he also responded to presentations 
on graduate student support, the 
affirmative action program, 
registration fees, collective 
bargaining for UC employees and 
programs to aid disabled students. 

However it was the topic of the 
CIA that dre,,¥ the most crowd 
response. 

A representative for the Anti-
CIA Coalition asked Saxon whether 
he would allow the CIA on campus 
when Congress has found the 
organization to have carried out 
illegal and murderous activities. 

" CIA is Lawful" 
Saxon responded that he would 

absolutely not get the CIA off 
campus, saying, "We must be 
concerned with improving our 
programs; I won't ge . involved 
with the students ri ts to chuose 
what is moral and immoral." 
Saxon did not respond to a 
student's query if he would allow 
the Symbionese Liberation Army 
to recruit on UC campuses. When 
the student asked if UC was 
authorized to permit unlawful 
organizations on campus, Saxon 
answered that the CIA was a 
" lawful" organization, despite the 
activities it had engaged in the 
past. Saxon was then ushered to 
the Academic Senate meeting, as 
students started chanting 
·'Bullshit. " 

Saxon had less definite answers 
to questions about what he is doing 
to improve student-TA ratios nd 
provide support for graduate. 
students. 

ontinucd 011 Page 16 

AS Session Cancelled 
by John H. Taylor 

Editor-in-chief 
UC President Saxon left UC San 

Diego yesterday before a 
scheduled meeting with the 
Academic Senate (AS ) after 
clapping, chanting students 
crowded into the meeting room, 
and was later jostled by protestors 
as he walked from Revelle to 
Matthews campus. 

The meeting with the Senate was 
scheduled after a session at the 
gym with students and staff where 
the P resident heard presentations 
from various campus groups. 

Much of the discussion centered 
on relations between UC and the 
Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). 
The protesters who entered the AS 
meeting were concerned main ly 
with the CIA issue, chanting "No 
way, CIA" and " Lumumba, 
Zapata, Allende." 

(UCSD sent two representatives 
to a conference on Affirmative 
Action at CIA headquarters last 
month. Since then, a straw vote of 
the Senate has indicated some 
facu lty opposition to involvement 

with the agency, and a student • 
group, the Anti-CIA Coalition, has 
sponsored a speak-in and a 
workshop on University in-
volvement with the CIA.) 

At the scene of the Senate 
meeting in USB 2622, Saxon and a 
group of administrators - who 
entered the room minutes after the 
protestors - huddled for a few 
moments and apparently decided 
Saxon would not be able to make 
his presentation. 

He was to have delivered a 20-
minute speech, followed by 
specific comment on UCSD's 
position afnong the nine campuses 
in support received, the merger of 
the University 's retirement system 
with the social security ad-
ministration and involvement with 
the CIA. 

The questions had been for-
mulated beforehand and for-
warded to the President by a 
subcommittee of the AS 's 
executive policy committee. 

After Saxon left 2622, he was 
surrounded by 150 prote$tors, some 

Continued on Page 16 

Saxon is hustled into waiting car by UCSD police (n photo: Dan 
Rosen) 

Watson Sees Need for Step Two Building 
by Brian Davis 

Staff Writer 
Third College P rovost Joseph 

Watson spoke out recently on the 
need for construction of the 
proposed Third College Academic 
Unit Two, stating that the multi-

TIIinI Provost W ... oa 

faceted complex is "critical to the 
proper functioning of Third 
College, both academically and 
administratively. " 

With the completion of the first 
phase of the Third College's 
building plan, several of the 
school's academic programs have 
found perman nt homes. However, 
the Urban and Rural tudi s, Third 
World Studies and Teach r 
Education progratn , as well as the 
Third Colleges Composition 
Program and the admini trative 
offic s all remain on Matthews 
campus. 

Watson emphasizes that 
"althou h th y (Matthews 
facilities ) ar rustic, th ar not 
first-rate academic buildings, and 
you can't carry out first rat 
acadamic program in them." 

ompacted and Le Em lent 
"Th longer w po tpon building 

of Unit Two, th longer we have to 
work in a compa t d and I f-
fieient situation and th long r w 
hav to work blow th highe t 
level of excel1en ," aid Wats n . 

Th request for th $5 million 
proj twas ubmitted to Gov mor 
Brown's offi th fir t w k of 
No mber, in the prop 'ed U . 

.1976-77 budget. 
Watson indicated that several 

other UC campuses had plans for 
academic building construction ; 
but it was decided that Third 
College should have the highest 
priority. 

Gov. Brown has repeatedly 
express d his opposition to buy 
n w building programs. 

" I do beli ve that th project i 
well justifi d both in budgetary · 
and educa tional ground ," said 
Watson . " My main concern is 
wh ther in a limited budget the 
constru ion of Third ollege has a 
higher priority than other worth-
whil claims forfund .. . 

On Argument 
Wat on point d to Third 

Coil g 's role as a provid r of 
qualit high r education to 
minoriti s sp cially and the 
ov rall california p pulation in 

nera1. Thi , h feels , i on 
argum nt for approval of con-
tru lion funds . 
Acad mic Untt ne ha a 

capacity of 750 tud nts, whil th 
nrollm nt of Third 011 g i · ov r 

1200, and growing ach y ar. From 
a phy lcal tandpoint, argu d 
Wat · n, thi mak th unmedia 



Sa,~on Blew It... 
UC Presldeat • top.aoteh .dmJalstrator. But at Tuesday's 

queatleD aDd ... wer les lea Ia froot 01 the gym, be ptoved to be weak OR 
the tump. We doD" e''l ~l a President to be eDtertalnlnl, but he should 
be weD laIormed. 

Saun claimed to be u"amWar with the needs 01 disabled stude •• on 
UC eampues. He told DIsabled Stadent UniOIl representative lim 

LeB~t tllat be ... DM aware of any lpeclflc problems. It Is Iou-
tillable that die President 01 &lie UC system 18 1II6mlliar wltfi the 
CallfonJa state laws requIrtDlldeqaate lacUlties for the handicapped, 
ud mud! vi the feeUeg tile law II both iDlufflclenl lid Ipored. 

At aaedIer poiDl Ia the meetial. Sasoa told YOIIIII (:aUforalaD's for 
Freed ... repreaeatative Tem Taaaaa thlt be wa8 uafamlliar with tbe 
two-yeer UCSD ball on votiDg .. Acttvity Fee aUocatloas. 

Qaerled .. UC Reg fee pideUaea. be stated that Re, fee aUocaUoa-1s 
strictly a campus matter. 

Ia ~ to Dan Hosea, Graduate StadeDl Uoloa representative. be 
displayed I cODIpk..,Dllaek ollDformatioa oa a TAlunderJrad ratios, a' 
pressiDC UCSD luDe. 

He coald Det provide a defllliUou of legaUty pertallliBg to CIA 
recruitment, aad .. tlds was uable to Interpret aa ImportaDt .. peel of 
UC policy aad CalUoruia state law. . 

If tbe UC Presldeat Is lIIIfamlllar with qUestioDB of this magnitude, be 
sbould organize biI .taff Ia llith a way that froDt meD ascertain the 
importaDt Issues OD a Campa. &lie Presldeat Is about to visit. 

It could live Saxoa a lot of embarrassment 

_So Did We 
The PreSldeDt of &lie University of CallIornia was unable to meet with 

the UC SaaOlego Aeademlc Senate yesterday. 
He coulda't because a small, but InsistenUy vociferous gang of students 

aad faculty decided wbat Interested them was more Important than the 
questiollS the meeting had been called to address . 

It was a rather presumptuous decision. One not worthy 01 thoughtful 
beings who waDt to see problems solved. 

ID fact, the first official visit of the highest adminstrator to this campus 
was marked throughout by useless confrontation, abuse 01 the rights of 
others to bear tbe PresldeDt 01 the University and the most bale kiDd 01 
cunes aDd slogaDII. 

The moderator of tbe gym discussion, given the arena-like atmospilere 
of the event, performed admirably. He managed to control the 'masses 
sufficiently so tbat most who wanted to ask qllestions were able to. 

But whea the crowd oplDed, "Bullshit, bullshlt," the tone was set lor tbe 
rest 01 the altel'DOOll. 

Some studeats ran around gleefully, apparently excited thai the same 
kind of demonstratloo and confrontation that ignited the campuses In the 
sixties were happening again. Once again, they thought, UCSO is alive. 

But the objecl this time w~8not an inhuman foreign policy, or the draft. 
lt was the President of a University that is struggling to preserve the 
programs it feels It needs In a time 01 fiscal tightness. ADd a man who 
said he was not willing 10 making moral decisions - vis-a-vis the CIA- for 
anyone but himself. 

U doesn't matter whether anyone agreed with him or nol . 
Because of the small group of students that decided to harrass the 

President, spit on him and shout at him, UCSO has cashed in its chips. He 
won 't -and shouldn't- come back for a long time. 

We are not proud today that we go to school here. 

Cartoons to the Editor 

"Don't worry that we shut down the only antiballistic missile 
system in the natron. Disarmament opens the door to Peace." 

{(MY DOQR IS ALWAYS o Pf=N\' 
MAYBE HE MEAtJT THE 

i rtie •• ill11('S Wedoesday, November ZI, 1175 
.rI.e •• il"'~ Stalf writers 

RanAnbar 
Pierre Bedard 
Barry Bovshow 

Special wrlten 
Charles Heimler 

Greg Hicks 
Edward Simons Jolm H. Taylor 

Edltor-la-cblef BetsyChiment Busble •• 
Mark Woelber James G. Solo Ma_, .... editor City editor 
Mark Stadler ADDeUebler 
New. editor Copy editor 

Cral~ Uchida Rid Rodewald 
Opinion Editor Bubleu Ma_ger 

SaraJ. Lowea DaDleISbawIer 
Commllllity editor Artaedltor 

Dave Elsea Tad Sperry 
Sports editor Photo editor 

Brian Davis 
Robin DeRieUll: Theresa Bish 
Stf;ve Esmedina Lauren Davis 

Cathy Fitzmaurice Kathy Monroe 
Karin Jerahian Do~ Mooney 

Ron Kato Damien Moore 
Frank Kazersld Kenz~e Nicoll 

Margaret Krueger 
Tim MacKenzie 
Psyche Pascual 

AlanRusseU 
ScottSadll 

Pboto .... pby 
CharleaEu 
Paul Jarvis 

Natban Meyers 
Bob Steiner DIs ..... 

Ken Stipanov Bill WiJaon 
Cary Thompson 

WeodyEalle 
Paul Wagner 

Debora Weber 
RachelZinn 

PredIlCtioa 
Shauna Stokes 
Kristin. Webb Office IIWI8ger 

Letters to the Editor 
Glove in the Face 

Scott Sadil's article (TI, Nov. 
21) on the sport of fencing could not 
have been placed more ap-
propriately. Anybody notice the 
letter head? - "Offensive", which 
is exactly what his article was. 

reporting, , 
Sadil states that fencing needs to 

be real, i.e. "strip down to fighting 
weight" , "sharpen the blades" , 
etc. He also mentions ~t he 
thinks he is the man who could 
change fencing's image in 
America, I accept his challenge to 
strip down to fighting weight, but 

first Sadil is obliged to fence II bOut 
as it is done today. We shall see 
what kind of man he is, if he is still 
alive when it is over. And I know 20 
more young people on the UCSD 
fencing team willing to take my 
place. The fencing room is in the 
gym, Mr. Sadil, drop in any time. 

JOHN HELMICH 

When I lirst read it, my reaction 
was to write a letter in defense of 
fencing as a sport, and in defense-
of the collegians who participated 

~at~~ ~r~n~~~~~=~m'; Career Planning Erratum 
writing a letter in rebuttal to tha t 
trash would not be worth the effort. 

Some choice comments are in 
order, though. II there has ever 
been an article fiUed with more 
generalities and misinfonnation, it 
could have only been in the San 
Diego Union. In fact, I wonder if 
Sadil is trying to impress Mrs, 
Copley with his journalism, so she 
will give him a job to maintain the 
Copley " standard of excellence" in 

We wish to correct an erratum in our letter (TT,Nov, 21), where we 
wrote "since 1974 it has been stated that 'the objective of the Career 
Information Library is to provide a forum where career literature is as 
current, complete, and accessible as possible with a wide range of Per-
spective on career issues that can lead to more sound understanding and 
decision-making. (Occupational Outlook, F~11974).''' 

The source should read instead : (posted in library, Fall 1974; 
published in Occupational Outlook, Winter 1975). 

MAXINE BAD..EY 
MICHAELHULFACHOR 

CAREER PLANNING & PLACEMENT 

Worthy of a Chew . 
In the last few issues of the Resident's Council to stir up some weekends, this costs seems even 

Triton Times, much space has money for students to have mail on larger. I would much rat~r see the 
been devoted to the over-spending Saturdays. money spent on a student In need of 
waste here at UC San Diego; the This seems very reasonable a scholarship, or an extra TA for a 
substantial increases in various seeing that every other American class.. . 
costs and fees ; and most im- is able to get mail on Saturdays Granted, It. would be mce to hear 
portantly, the lack of money to pay (presently no mail is delivered from the little lady over. t,he 
enough graduates to assist here on Saturdays), But in rooking weekend, b';lt I must counter With 
professors, With this point in mind, into this a bit further, I found the that b~ saymg ~e are here for an 
I too think I have a point worthy of cost for the service to be overly educatton, and if we ha~y have 
a chew on this bone,.. ' prohibitive (in the neighborhood of enough money to substantiate tt~t, 

In the Ijlst few days· I have been $1 ,800 to 2,200 a year). And as I see how can we ~ccount for spendmg 
informed of the efforts of some it, with approximately 35-45 per $2,000 for mall for 55 ~r cent of the 
students, Dean Beckley, the Muir cent of the dorm and apartment campus on Saturdays. 
College Council, and the Muir residents going home on the C.D. MORRISON 

Break a Leg 
In response to " Lighting Policy: 

Let There Be Less?" (TI,Nov. 21 ) 
we, too , have been disturbed by the 
lack of lighting around the UCSD 
campus. 

This issue, while of particular 
importance to women, concerns all 
of us who feel uncomfortable and 
downright unsafe here at night, 
especially during the foggy 
months. Casting aside fears from 
lurking marauders, there is the 
simple fact that in unHt areas 
many of us have stumbled across 
objects on the ground in the 
parking lots and along the paths, 
not to mention the danger for 
bicyclists who cannot see 
pedestrians. No one has broken a 
leg yet. 

Is that what the EC Committee is 
waiting for? Do we have to draft a 
petition and have even-member of 
this campus sign it in order hi call 
the Committee's and ad-

Wasted Opportunity 
Yesterday afternoon important 

issues were raised on this UC 
campus regarding its future, with 
UC President David S. Saxon 
answering questions and listening 
to student grievances. 

Yet once opinions were made 
known, many students seemed to 
think their vocal cords were the 
only ones deserving to be utilized, 
and by disrupting the Academic 
Senate meeting turned what could 
have been a profitable encounter' 
into chaos. 

Was this their aim? Most would 
say no, yet at 4 pm, after the ad-
journment of the meeting (due to 
Saxon's absence) many of those 

who disrupted it were only 
discussing their tactics of doing so. 
They appeared not to care that 
Saxon was on his way to the air· 
port, and the very issues they had 
raised would not be discussed in his 
absence. 

Shouts of " CIA must go!" and 
complete harassment of 
President Saxon only suppressed 
the apparent aims of these in· 
dividuals. R~gardless of Saxon's 
views (if any) on these issues. this 
type of behavior should not be 
present at an institution of higher 
learning where a free exchange of 
ideas is the aim o( all. 

MICHAEL MCNEIL 

GSU Chooses Freeloading 
As a graduate student, I was glad 

to see Mike Acllten's letter (TT, 
Nov. 24), which demoll8trated that 
some of the undergrads have not 
fallen for the GSU's request for 
support in the strike against un-
dergraduate classes. 

i ministration's attention to this 
potentially dangerous situation? 

It Is obvious that the GSU wOldd 
express itself though some other 
form of action if it were seriously 
concerned with the quality of 
educationatUCSD. 

students is evidence to that effect. 
That demand does not aUow the 
University the right to sele.ct and 
pay for the best instructors It can 
get. It guarantees pay to all no 
matter what their performance or 
value to the University. As a 
competent instructor Ind 
researcher I find that offeaalve, 
The members of the GSU may need 
such gifts, but any teacher with 
enough ability to warrant his 
employment does not. 

KIM DEVONALD 
MADEUNE SUTIlERLAND 

JOYCE E. FARRELL 
JEANC.FORT 

DEBORAH WENTZ 
NANCY DEBUSSCHERE 

BRIGITTE SClIMIDT 
J.fll.t"., '''r~HN.-tPEARCH 

In reprd to its goals the GSU 
has failed to communicate In jtood 
faith . Its goals are improvements 
in TA working conditions, even at 
the expense of eduC8tionatquallty. 
The demand for . .I!~oodltional 
financial support of aU graduate 

There is a big difference between 
working lor better education and 
free loading. It is unfortunate that 
theGSU has chosen the latter. 

JEFFREY CORWIN 

WedoeHay. November II, 1t7I 

III Crossroads 
'There's a vacancy on the Su.preme ~urt. Wh~re's the Holme.s , 

Brandeis or Marshall to fill it? Will Ford find such a giant? "'(e doub~ It, 
unless by accident, as Eisenhower found Earl ~arren for ~Ief Justice, 
whom later he called his "biggest d~ool mIStake." Presidents never 
ca n tell how these lifetime appointees wtll turn out. 

Richard Nixon knew precisely what kind of judge he wanted ~nd lef~ the 
nation four of them ~ whom Ford presumably,~ow adds a fifth. NI~on 
told a television audience he wan~ men who share my ~nse~atlve 
hilosophy"; "judicial conservatives," .who suppo.rU:d h~ desire to . ~efend the "peace forces." He ran against "permissive" Judges who 

"coddled criminals" and had the audacity to send up for confirmation 
two glaringly unqualified nominees with a record of insensitivity to racial 
justice. Only contempt for the court as a rival power could explain those 
selections. . 

With Justice Douglas' . departure and with a new selection by Ford, the 
prospect is that any Democratic liberal President elected in 1976 wm face 
as conservative a court as Franklin Roosevelt faced in 1933. This is all 
the more significant since the up-coming age after our current recession-
inflation is apt to be an activist tumultuous age churning with change in 
religious, ethical and constitutional ideals. What will be the attitude of 
the hold-over Nixon court? 

Looking down implacable on the Roosevelt New Deal were vindictive 
conservatives - Van Devanter, McReynolds, Sutherland and Pierce 
Butler; Brandeis, Stone and Cardozo on the liberal side; and Chief 
Justice Hughes and Owen Roberts holding the balance. They hurled legal 
thunderbolts at New Deal laws and, in June 1936, for instance, declared 
the New York minimum wage act invaUde, 5 to 4. The Founding Fathers, 
you see, had fixed it so you couldn't guarantee a working man or woman a 
minimum wage constitutiona lly . 

Could it happen again? Not quite like that, but enough like it so that 
with Ford's new appointee to the Co~rt, it's worthwhile knowing what the ' 
ancient struggle is all about. The job of the United States Supreme Court, 
unique on earth, is to guarantee change without revolution - the in-
dispensable instrument to adapt the majestic generalities of the 
American Constitution to the emergent needs of the time and thereby to 
prevent it from becoming an irrelevant historical parchment. Sitting 
loftily there behind their immense mahogany bar in their Corinthian 
marble temple, the nine robed justices seem like a judicial priesthood 
removed from partisan politics, enunciating almost divinely inspired 
law. Nonsense. 

They are intensely human beings; half of the 100 men who have so far 
se rved have not had previous judicial experience, 19 have been culled 
from cabinet or near-cabinet rank, two secretaries of State (John Jay and 
John Marshall), a presidential candidate or two (Taft, Hughes and 
Warren) and so on. Behind the judicial masks burn passionate con· 
victions about politics and policy. 

Ford's selection can be measured against the criterion enunciated by 65 
law school deans and professors of law, history and political science three 
years ago who found 12 "great" justices, Names -? Chronologically, 
Marshall, Story, Taney, Harlan, HoImes, Hughes, Brandeis, Stone, 
Cardozo, Black, Frankfurter and Warren. They found eight "failures", 
Van Devanter, McReynolds, Butler, along with Byrnes, Burton, Vinson, 
Minton and Whittaker. (Three of these faced FDR in 1933.) 

What are the criteria for a successful judge? Previous judicial ex-
perience? - not at all says Felix Frankfurter who wrote, " the correlation 
between prior judicial experience and fitness for the functions of the 
Supreme Court are zero." The need is breadth of view, 

Though it is called a court it is also a quasi'political body in the noblest 
sense, The biographies' of the "great and near·great", emphasize broad 
intelligence and wide-ranging interests. They are informed beyond the 
narrow field of law; steeped in literature, history, political science, 
economics, the physical sciences, philosophy. and religion, They have a 
love of learning and a capacity to assimilate and digest. They are men of 
resourcefulness and imagination. They must also have courage. 

The departing William 0, Douglas had many of these attributes; the 
Senate will hope to find them in his successor. 

A central debate since the Court began is the degree of intervention of 
self-restraint it should use on the tough frontier issues. It is the ancient 
struggle between the individual and constituted authority; judicial ac-
tivism and judicial restraint. 

Last week a Senate committee told how the FBI tried to destroy Martin 
Luther King in its counter-intelligence (Cointel) program, including 
sending a letter interpreted as a suggestion that he commit suicide. The 
FBI used 16 electronic bugs and eight wiretaps. King got the anonymous 
lett er just 34 days before he received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1965. The 
prize appears to have upset J _ Edgar Hoover as much as Nobel prizes to 
Russians upset Moscow. (The biggest structure on Pennsylvania Avenue 
is still the J. Edgar Hoover Building.) 

What does the Supreme Court do in matters like this? Why, if cases 
growing out of such things reach it, it decides whether to intervene or not 
Most cases are far more subtle. Firebrand James Otis denounced George 
III's Writs of Assistance used for harrassing search and seizures of the 
Colonists and the Fourth Amendment today guarantees Americans the 
right of privacy: "to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and 
effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures . . ." or does it? Can 
evidence obtained illegally by bugging or wiretapping be used against a 
citizen before a grand jury? The Burger court, this January, in the 
Calandra case, ruled that It could, despite the Fourth Amendment; the 
s~-called "exclusionary rule" (escluding tainted evidence) not-
Withstanding. The vote, 6 to 3, with the four NiJ:on Judtes, plUll White and 
Potter Stewart, in the majority. 

Dozens of such issues fill the field of crimiDallaw aIoae. The Warren 
Court for 15 }'em decided them in fayor rllnclvJdaal ri&IdI; tbe Bq_ 
Court generally comes down on the aide of CCIIIItIIuteclaulbuilty. OpeDlIII 
a law center here, auef Jllltlee B ..... r. declaNd Ibat AmIritaDIIboaJd 
not look to the courta to imcwate and l'eIbIDe tbek' IOCWr - wllat be 
called "the .lIDrinc pI'OIpICt tMt our worid can be ebapd ill the 
courts." The Burl- eo.t IIIPin1t "adivlIm." Pre.PM"" it wwId 
nave kept hudHIr .",.,wneut 1DDOIIIaI, 11ft teboollllNll&ed. and 
rejected the oae-penon, CIIIM'Gte rule. 

T.,. T,lIon TI_ I. recognad ." the Communialll-....., .. uao';;' the 
offlclol ........ 1 .... IIIDII • . PublicatIon Ie on MIN .... WecII .... GIld 
F'idaya eluting the ..... Iar -'-I ~ (-..pt on offlclel hoI~~ IWiIDrloI 
ond bu. 1_ office. _ localed In 117 ..... Hall on the __ I .. Co .... 
campul, Unl".,.IIy" Collfarnlo, San DIego. 

le".,. 10 the Edllor GIld opinion coIumfti _ welc:a...... AN aubmllliona 
shau ld be typed 011 0 7.-1jM1Ce II ... an noneroeabI. ,....,. They ahoulcl not 
•• ceed Ih, .. ,.... In I .. double-IpCIC". The TrIten TI __ the 
,ighlla"l1 aubrnlMlofti becouae of IjMICe IImitOllon. or • .., .. ,..,1,._11. 

For editorial, call 452-3466; for bu.l ..... and dbploy act-t __ ... call 
~S2-~. 

I," t 

i rli .. 11 .I ... 'S P~ge3 

Computer Literacy Taught 
Students who don't know how to 

use computers can now learn 
through the Computer Literacy 
Program (CLP). 

Free Consulting Help 
Metz also told of consulting he Ip 

available for students working 
with computers, This service is 
provided, Cree of charge, Tuesday 
nights beginning at 7 :00, in the 
Student Terminal Room. 

building, is the place where 
students have priority for com· 
puter use, Metz said, 

This new program, sponsored by 
the Computer Center, allows 
students who want to use school 
computers, but don't have the 
background, to learn, Computer 
Center student intern Barhar: 

That room, located in APM 

As student intern, Metz said ShE! 
wants to know if any student haH 
problems with the computers or 
the center. She works out of thl! 
Computer Center office. 

Metz reports. 
Students must come to the 

center, on the first floor of APM 
building, and are then given .. $25 
worth of computer time. There is 
also a time limit involved. Both 
limits are imposed, Metz said, to 
keep students who already know 
how to use the computer from 
dominating the CLP, 

The time and account limits are 
adequate for short, introductory 
stints with the computer though, 
Metz said. 

Currently, students wanting to 
use computers have to go to the 
APIS department and justify use of 
the machines, Metz said. But to 
use CLP, they will just have to see 
Compute Center secretary Sally 
McClellan, in APM 1141, to fill out a 
two-line form and show her their 
student identification, she said. 

This program is being lunded for 
$30,000 from the Instructional Use 
of Computers program. 

Erratum 
In our article Monday on the 

Regent's meeting (page one). we 
incorrectly cited Graduate Student 
Union organizer Tom Lewis as 
saying the GSU " does not favor 
taking money from one group to 
create more TA jobs." 

What Lewis said was that whil~ 
the GSU does not favor taking 
money from a group directly in-
volved in education, it favors 
reallocating money from the ad· 
ministration or capital outlay 
expenditures to create more T A 
jobs, 

The Triton Times regrets this 
error, 

Restaurant and Saloon 
6737 La Jolla Blvd. La Jolla 

459·3633 

Lunch : Mon. thru Friday 11 :30 a.m.-2 :30 
Dinner: Sun. thru Thurs. 5 p.m.-1Q p.m .. 

Fri.-Sat. 5 p.m.- ll p.m. 
Sunday Champagne Brunch : 10 a.m.·2 p.m. 

Happy Hours : Mon.-Fri. 4 p.m.·6 p.m. 
Chris Creasman on gu ilor 

.l!el' 3 ai ,.. I6w. ,... JccWt r 
- --.. 

..-;}f - \ 
!J~ ;~ , , 

~, ,,~~ 
, _ :-" ,,:~ 

..... • J 

-" 

--.\ "...A 

The Hair Garden 
McKellar Plaza 

1250 Prospect St., La Jolla 454-5277 
Orgo'nic Products Natural Styling 

CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARd 
FRidAY FiLMs- WiNTER OTR. 

JANVARY 9 
Sherlock Holme's 
Smarter Brother 

Preview 
film by Gene Wilder 
(Mondevi lie Aud. ) 

ANVARY 16 
That'll Be The, Day 

w/ Ringo Siorr 
ond David Essex 

JANV.RY 2J 
A Touch Of Cia •• 

w/GEORGE SEGAL 
and GLENDA JACKSON 

J.NU •• Y JO 
Monty Python 

And The Holy 8 ... 11 
(Mandevill. Aud, ) 

FEbRVARY lJ 
-Casablanca 

Humphrey Bogo" Ingr id Be,gmon 
-To Have And Have Not 

Bogar! & Bocoll 
-Blondie Johnson 

Joan Blondell 
FEbRVARY 20 

The Conversation 
(w/ Gene Hockman ) 

Oir by FRANCIS FORD COPPOLA 

FEbRvAay 21 
Gone With The Wind 

(Mondeville Aud. ) 
M.acl. , 

Phantom Of Th. 
Paracll 
(wlPaul Willio"'lll 

.au •• y 6 M.ach 12 
Murder On The Orient St .. lyard .'ue. 

Expre •• (Jane Fonda) (Donald Sutherland) 
Tom Jon •• 

(Albert Finney) 



·rI.~ ... I ... '8 Wedaelday, NovemberZl, 1175 

Last Year at the Coop 
A Photo-Essay Reflection of Last Year's Coop by the IT's Coop Photographer 

and peopl~ b~k 

by Tad Sperry 

TT Photography Editor 
aod 

c.op Internal AHairs Committee Co-Coordinator 
The group of campus radicals who now dominate 

the Co-op scene are ironically fulfilling the 
prophecies of the Co-op proposal that they fought to 
create and use. They constitute the kind of umbrella 
holding group or single interest group which could 
undennine any campus or community legitimacy 
that the Co-op could have. The Co-op must either 

, sacrifice campus and community legitimacy for what 
they see as ideological integrity or the political 
isolation that their abusive altitudes and actions have 
produced, I think the " tunnel visioned 
authoritarianism" is already cutting off the rest of 
the student body. A student body which, if any useful 
change is to be effected must be listened to, not 
ignored; persuaded, not yelled at; accepted, not 

Remember when there were never enough seats, and you didn't have to search for moderates, liberals or conservatives? 

DINNER 
~pM-12pM 

BREAKFAST 
12pM-4AM 

FRidAY & SATURdAY 

PRIME RIB 
STEAKS 

SEAFOODS 
WINE ANd SPIRITS 

Bring this ad and get 
10% OFF dinner 

Beer 25c morguorito 75c 
}746 MISSION BLYD, M.B. 488-2~90 

I VG DONVT5 pRESENTS 
SPECIAL HOURS 

dURiNG 

EXAM WEEK 
At your request we will ' 

stay .open until 3am 
during exams, dec 1-6 

VG'S 
Tfutt Ve'lY Good 1)_ 

106 Aberdeen Cardiff 753-2400 

LeVrS 

WedDesday, NovemberZl, 1I'7i • rltOIl tin'S 

"It must be made sure that the Coop 
never becomes isolated from the 

students for its very purposes 
would then be undermined." 

belittled. Ideological integrity is being flounted as an 
excuse for trends which will spell the end of 
progressive reform on this campus. "Sometimes you 
have to go a long way out of your way in order to come 
back a short distance correctly." Is it not better to 
nudge the consensus in the direction we think best, 
not to dictate a series of ultimate solutions on the Co-
op or Student Body in an authoritarian manner? 

"The Cooperative will act as an 
umbrella group with no one 

group holding the umbrella up." 
The Student Cooperative Proposal 

;;.

' unlv .... I.y o. oall.orIIIa •• an dl.go 
" oampu. program board p~tzf,.s 
1t'" , ", 

Calculators !! 
Calculators HP2t ·S95 HP22·S155 

HP~·SI82 SRSOAS91 SR51A·S135 
F Iva day deh-very A I models new 
Carry full year guarantee, and Include 
allslandard accessorte~ Send check or 
COD request (for COO add $21 plus 6% 
tax to Cheap Calculator Company 636 
Fourth St, DaVIS, CA 95616 If not 
satIsfied relUrn within 15 (jays tor lull 
refund (111101 



Pap' 

At 
John H. Taylor 

E . Howard Cat 
There is a particularly vicious myth in my household that Tucker, who 

is our cat, . came one chilly evening when we lived in Phoenix. 
The busibodies say Tucker was the last cat at the Humane Society, and 

that he was brought home two days before Christmas, to the dismay of a 
cane-wielding grandfather and the joy of our dog, who had never before 
been bigger than anything·else. 

This, of course, is not the case. 
Tucker was working bunko out of Frisco, but left town after a par-

ticularly successful series of raids on gila monster poker games. 
It seems they played in the back rooms of Greek and Serbian 

restaurants. Our cat picked up the system. But Tucker, it is said, was 
marked for life, and had to devise an elaborate cover that would allow 
him to slip away into a new existence. 

Hence, the simpering name of Tucker. 
That isn't the whole story. Tucker holds all the book and movie rights 

on the whole story, unfortunately. He wants to be played by Robert 
Redford, the empty dullard. 

, But we can sketch some of the bases Tucker's touched. He had a stint 
as managing editor of the New York Times, but was tainted by the Bay of 
Pigs story. 

Tucker, you see, had been training the Cuban nationals in Florida , and 
did not want the story broken. 

They fired him for moonlighting. 
Then Tucker slipped in to a series of acts involving the most crude 

kinds of deception and cruelty conceivable. He ran guns to all sorts of 
counterinsurgent armies in South America, and made a few blue flicks in 
Memphis. 

The Rolling Stones wanted him to play guitar when Brian Jones died, 
but he was busy with his comic strip and his illegal koala farms in 
Southern Texas. Tucker would sell the little bears to underground 
organizations that would kidnap the children of liberals and throw them 
in the Gulf of Mexico, or whatever body of water was close by. 

This, of course, proved boring. One thing led, as it does in conunon 
practice, to another. Tucker came into LA playing steel in a crununy 
little bar band, and he saw my mother standing on the sidewalk. Tucker 
jumped from his woody, burying his claws deep into her frontal lobes. My 
mother, who was busy talking toa friend, didn't notice until she got home. 

Then she tried to cut the cat out with garden sheers, but Tucker let go 
too soon, and, well, hasn't left home since. 

Neighborhood legend has grown up around him. He's viewed as some 
sort of Boo Radley. The children on our street, who have nothing better to 
do - like burning dogs - gather every night in front of the house for a good 
bout of chanting and good old vitriolic hatred. 

Tucker, of course, hits them with his firehose , which they enjoy. 
So now, Tucker locks me in his room, and we have long discussions. 

Mainly about dope connections, which I cultivate for him. He's got me 
stealing IBM computers to fund his various habits, which include ad-
diction to graphite and boiling earwax, which he drinks with old-
fashioneds. 

Tucker classifies himself with the cretins politica l1y , and is supporting 
James McCord for the Presidency. 

I wouldn't mention any of this, except that Tucker needs patches for the 
elbows of his smoking jacket, and he wants them for Christmas. And he 
wants them from me. I am, of course, concerned, because the cat still has 
a cag~-full ofk~alas he's starved into desperation. I believe he has every 
mtentlOn of settmg the beasts on me unless I buy his patches. 

CHARTER YOUR WORLD • ROUND TRIP JET 

IUAOPE 52. 
HAWAII III 

NEW1OA~ III 
• SAN DIEGO 
DEPARTURES 

5186 Coll~ Ave . 
(next to' Two Bit Sandw ich Sh opl 

FREE TRAVEL SERVICE 

287-7422 
" Camplls Reps. needed. Generous com,nissian 

Tk~ BARE NAVEl 
AiR BRush 
T-SltiRrs 
JEWELRY 
JEANS 

) • I PANT SUiTS LEATIiER 
STUDENT DISCOUNT WI AD 

Carolyn M II'pr 
ManQge r 
755-5655 

. 

. ,. , .. . . , 

Lemon Tr COf'ler 
CaminO Del Mar 

10-5 30 T~es . Su" 

Wedaelday, November., 1175 

Fee Hike Opposed By Committee 
by Craig Uchida 
Oplaioo Editor 

The UC San Diego Registration 
(Reg) Fee Committee has voted to 
oppose an Increase in the reg fee 
for the 1976-77 school year. 

In response to a recom-
mendation by the Council of 
Chancellors that the registration 
fee be increased to $30-35 annually, 
the committee felt that a fee hike 
now would be unnecessary. 

According to Jim McGuinness , 
the graduate student represen-
tative on the committee, " A reg fee 
increase is not absolutely 
necessary at this time." He felt 
that the UC system could get along 
another year or two without an 
increase. 

Prellurel of IJIflatioo . 
Since 1968, the yearly 

registration fee per student has 
been $300. An additional $300 for 
undergraduates and $360 for 
graduates was implemented in 
1970 as an educational fee. Neither 
have been increased since then. 
Because of the " pressures of in-
flation" over the years, the Council 
of Chancellors reconunended an 
increase in the registration fee. 

However, the Reg Fee Com-
mittee feels that funds are 
available through the educational 
fee . That is, $6 million which was 
stipulated for capital outlay 
(constructing new buildings) has 
been vetoed by the Governor's 
office and still remains allocated. 

According to McGuinness, it was 
the feeling of the conunittee that 

these funds could be transferred to 
the registration fee budget and 
thus be distributed to the nine UC 
campuses. This woul4 eliminate 
the need for an increase. 

Shifting of Funds 
Precedent has been set with 

regard to a shifting of funds . 
McGuinness states that the budget 
for the Financial Aid 
Administration and Vice- Chan-
cellor - Student Affairs had been 
transferred from registration fee 
to the educational (ee. 

The Reg Fee Committee is in the 
process of sending their recom-
mendation to the Council of 
Chancellors. Vice-Chancellor 
Murphy, who is writing the letter to 
the Council, was unavailable for 
comment. 

Energy Cutbacks Cause Concern 
There have been fears that UC 

San Diego is " not a safe place" for 
late night walking. 

Many students using the Cluster 
or Central Libraries fear for their 
safety late at night. There are also 
occasions when nocturnal 
traveling between colleges i~ 
required to attend class or meet 
with a T A during his office hours . 
Many of the chosen routes include 
walking through the darK 
eucalyptus groves. 

It is the lighting or lack of 
" adequate" lighting in these areas 
which is causing the most concern . 

Energy Conservation Coor-
dina tor, William Pettus, believes 
that a part of the lighting problem 
can be solved through " individual 
responsibility. " 

" Whether a lighting condition is 
adequate or not is really a matter 
of opinion. If a person sees a 
situation that appears to him to be 
grossly inadequate, he should 
report it, making note of the time 
of day or night, weather and 
location," said Pettus. 

Waste in Other Places 
Pettus is primarily involved with 

the conservation of energy, but 
also considers the safety aspect, 
and feels that energy can be 
reduced and still provide improved 
lighting conditions. Pettus added 
that there is "a lot of waste in other 
places around campus." 

Lighting was reduced on the 
different campuses two years ago, 
before Pettus joined the University 
working staff. The reasons behind 
the reduction of lighting will be re-
examined along with the current 
circumstances. 

As of yet, no remedies are 
planned for the immediate future 
until studies are made of the 
existing situations. Major traffic 
patterns of students will be 
analyzed and evaluated. 

Sgt. Bill Mott of the campus 
Police Department likewise 
believes in the importance of in-
dividual responsibility of the 
students. 

OIdestFonn 
" Protection," says Mott, " starts 

with the individual. People should 

We're into HAIR! 

BETTY BURns et CIE' 

& 
sportsweor 

look out for one another, that's the 
oldest form of protection ... 

The best way to avoid adverse 
situations, Mott says, is not to 
" take chances that would put an 
individual in a position where a 
crime could occur, but to walk 
whenever possible in a lighted area 
and to travel in pair s or groups af-
terdark.Mottstresses that people' 
should report any conspicuous 
actions, including disturbances of 
private property such as bicycles 
and automobiles. 

While there is still a high rate of 
theft, crimes involving personal 
hann are few. But Mott maintains 
that even one such crime is one too 
many, and says that if the campus 
police prevented just one crime of 
that nature, it would be worth 
"100%" the efforts of the police. 

Students concerned about 
solutions to any lighting problems 
or future planning are encouraged 
to contact William Pettus at his 
office in MC 601. Complaints and 
observations may also be directed 
to his off ice. 

Urey Hits 
Nuclear Power 

Harold Urey, professor emeritus 
of chemistry at UCSD, recently 
told the State Legislature of his 
objections to nuclear power. 

Saying he had supported nuclear 
power until he had recently 
awakened to its dangers, Urey 
made three points on nuclear 
power to the Legislature alopg with 
UCSD professor Hannes Alfven. 

First, large scale applications of 
nuclear energy necesaarily 
produce enormous quanitles of 

CoaUaaed OR Page 7 

WEDNESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 26, 1975 

SEVEN-THIRTY O'CLOCK 

I .. I,\"E PL AN Ti l BRING UFf- l RING Of 

I.AFLES ANO LAfllf.llD GOODS FOR 

DI STRI IUTt ON TO NEEDy F~~ILln, 

LA JOLLA PR(SBYTERIAN CHURCH 
7715 DRAPER AVENUE 

WedDelday, NovemberZl,lt75 

Wipe 
Wllh 
ThiS 

, I ~,I . 

Cbarll. Halmler 

Dancing around this gang of people around Saxon trying who the hell 
knows why to ge~ up to him to ask him some stupid question there's 
yellmg and cha~t~ and,saxon's jaw is around chile because he knew 
that whe~ he said I wont order the cia off campus" he is with it with 
eyery kllhn~ and murdering and torturing and the enslavement of all any 
kll'lds of rights that shelley the academic senate chairperson so 

outrag~ous~~ accused us, the STUDENTS of violating. 
hey like It s no more a moral judgement. it 's question of skeletons in 
th~ closet and pri~.ilege and the gray slack porsche, jet fli ghts and 
thmkless babe that IS the essence of undergraduate and graduate tniining 
at this hallowed institution. 

• •• 

dow,n at the bottom of the steps sallman's growling at me who me ? he 
growlmg and shelley the chairmain railroads past lettau and blanco this 
"apology" to .saxon who's now about kettenburg in a uc police car lights 
~ot now nashin~ and the black blue yellow brown white skin scraped on 
Its fenders blow 109 off at least by cla ire mont mesa blvd. 

• •• 

whitehill even though's he's skinny must've been a football player 
cause he and mac threw bodyblocks better than the chargers and the 
wake of mac's elbows knocked some women down. not just any woman. 

i was willing to discuss anything before the academic senate but i was 
prevented from doing that: the sax. 

he's trying to work 011 his head. 
that's silly, he doesn't have a head : alfred. 
every decision he makes down the line involves morals. this just means 

there's alot of angry people. he represents us. i recognize his side he 
should recog,dze this side BUT he doesn't answer BUT HE OOESN ,'T 
ANSWER THE QUESTION. This is all the wrong method I'd rather hear 
him speak and then debate what he said; the dude, who with tears would 
be crying. 

• •• 

they're surrounding the car and this guy, stoner remembering jumps 
in front and lies down. brownface and blue look ~ver and pull his arm 
back up and out of the way of the car, lights flashing cop car and the 
people banging on the hood and trunk JUMP the car goes through skin 
clinging to the side. ' 

• •• 

sa l~an gleaming against the wall division's sorry had to leave under 
these Circumstances physically threatened HE WASN'T THREATENED 
as observ~s do not have the priv,ilege of the £loor. Blanco-i'm not an 

observ~r I ask some support for the commentary of the chainnan 
apologies for what past? murray goodman moves to adjourn seconded 
and .. .. 

• •• 

to sh~l1eJ:' the . chairman: how can yu divorce yourself from any 
catagortZatlOn With the student behaviour who yu so statedly abhor when 
yu railroad something like that apology thru when two of yur peers 
request to be heard. yur free speech ain't our free speech and there ain't 
no such thmg round here. 

she~ley goes down t? ~ac'~ for the wampum. them against us is in 
~~ay s papers. read It pick It up, BUT GODDAM IT DON'T BELIEVE 

• •• 

saltman '~ peering down at the top of my part, eyes aglow he's psyched 
up a~d he l.ust knows, he just knows, that he wants that sa lary and god-
dam It he ~Ike~ thos~ slacks and goddam it the only way he can deal with 
thiS SituatIOn IS to fmd someone around to yell at and make ACE ONE 
SUPERIOR ACADEMIC VI C'E-CHANCELLOR ASS of himself and, 

s: ~hat went on is just fa scism and i know what fascism isand w~ dont 
wa nt It around here. 

charles ~rbe~, heim~er , 111- (with patie~ce, i have three years of 
academiC rt~or . .. m tramed to be a killer too. I call Qistance m y self from 
t~le whole thmg With analyzati?n) all rite all rite,its wrong itS wrong. but 
}U and yur clowns ~re no different from them with pulling that ad-

Journm~nt a~d refUSing to debate the issues. the president of the 
univerSi ty sa id he Will not ~orce the cia off our campus, the c ia who killed 
lumumba, allende, no hedging wedging or wet feel. . 

2: rl1 sho~ld get,a ~Iack s hirtan~ a .red swastika because yur a nazi and 
a fac lSt. h e s. on hiS ttpt~s a nd thtnktng he's menacing. but goddam it. i 
heard thiS shit, I heard It. and they pick these administrators for their 
height as strategy but three years is one hell of alot to eat. 
i c harl~s her?ert heri1!ller 111 -:- ( to s.'s back twenty feet away and 
ncreasmg. With an audience, behmd usb. california . planet earth : 

" WHAT YU FEAR IS LOSING YOUR PRIVELEDGE POSITION IN 
I HIS UNNERSITY AND THIS WORLD WHILE MILLIONS OF 
~~OPLE THROUGHOUT ' THE WORLD AND YOUR HOMETOWN 
S.1ARVE AND ARE DENIED THEIR EDUCATION BECAUSE OF 
FINANCIAL HARDSHIP. YOUGO HOME TONIGHT AND EAT YOUR 
PnIME RIB AND I HOPE YOU CHOKE ON THE GODDAM BONE. 

HANSEN SURFBOARDS 
of ,Encinitas 

Skiing, Surfing, Backpacking, Tennis 
ry day : W ed , Thurs, Fri .• 101 9 :00 pm 

.rholl.I"'~ Page 7 
Co~p Discusses Moscone Bill 

by Ken Stlpanov 
StaHWrlter 

The CIA, the Moscone access bill 
and Senate Bill One (SB-l ) were 
subjects of positions taken by the 
&udent C~rative during its 
meeting Monday night. -

The Coop voted a resolution to 
Slq)port the disciosure of all CIA-
UC San Diego connectionS and the 
fennipation of all relations with 
the Cf~ . The Academic Semite is 
currently voting on the same 
resolution. 

'J1he Moscone bill, a measure to 
provide access to student and 
faculty university records, was 
supported by the Coop. 

The Coop also voted to oppose 
SB-1. A rewriting of the nation's 
criminal code, this bill has been 
opposed by many people as being a 
gross infringement ·of the first 
amendment. It would provide for 
the s harp restriction of civil 
liberties whenever a national 
emergency is ca lled by the 
President. 

Urey ... 
poisonous material which threaten 
the public. 

Second, the spread ri. nuclear 
energy increases the likelihood of 
nuclear war. 

Third, iJnproving tbe efficiency 
of energy would save more energy 
than the whole nuclear program 
could contribute. . 

Elaborating on his second point 
in a recent interview, Urey said 
lhat the spread of nuclear energy 
will result in the prodllction of 
nuclear bombs because the two are 
S? ~timately cOMected. Urey 
CIted the atomic tests in India as 
evidence of this increasing danger. 

Money Approved 
After long disCUSSion, the Coop 

approved budget recom-
mendations of $130 for the Student 
Educational Change Center and 
$330 fo.r the purchase of a 
typewriter with a special cover for 
the Disabled Student Union. 

The Coop also approved a total of 
$384 for members of Natty Dreal 
arJd the Commtmications student 

"Arl work byJl m Evans" 

onlnd_ 
alhairllll 

IIflnd_ 
ofean. 

Union to attend the First West 
Coast ConununicatiollS Conference 
at Stanford University. 

The Coop refused to approve $110 
for the Almost Alumni Association. 
Objectors suggested that the group 
look to alumni-related groups for 
support. 

Forty-three people attended the 
meeting. 

We',. Into RED KEN he'r~I 
We',. Into long alky helrl 
We',. Into w:::tOU wentl 
"Cell In for e . .aIone' coneultation" 

BETTY BURns et CIE 
7835 Ivanhoe Avenue 459':4445 

Look us Up! 



, .... d 

In the first shown that amygdalin Is so non-
article we toxic that dosages up to 10-12 
studies in animal grams can be administered with no 
which amygdalin showed toxic effects, and, allegedly, with 
biologically and st"JStiCallY c orrespondingly greater 
significant anti-cancer fficacY j therapeutic efficacy. A negative 
we also touched upon t curious evaluation of Laetrile fs can-
efforts of various canCE:r officials cerostatic activity when ad-
to deny the very existence of this . ministered in 60 mg doses says 
data and prevent the clinical nothing about Laetrile's value 
testing of amfgdalin which one when administered at dosages 200 
would think such d_ta surely times as large. Furthermore, even 
mandates. if amygdalin in the low dosages 

The logical and most frequently then used actually was having a 
encountered response to a set of significant cancerostatic effect in 
data that are so pointedly at odds some patients, it is unlikely that 
with the repeated assertions of the objective, precise, irrefutable 
NnI, ACS and other such bastions evidence for such effects could 
0( conventional wisdom, Is the come out of a study slapped 
following : what would motivate a together in so haphazard a fashion. 
large number of high cancer of- The doctors whose records were 
ficiala, the great majority of which surveyed had not intended for 
are undoubtedly well-Intentioned, them to be used as part of a clinical 

• rlif .. illll('8 
leukemias, C-l300 .neuroblastoma, 
a mouse melanoma, Sarcoma 180, 
Ridgway 0ste08l!nlc sarcoma - as 
well as studies bf Drs. Lloyd Old 
and Daniel Martin disputing 
Sugiura's results with spontaneous 
mammary cancer 0( mice. The 
existence of such studi • .though,is 
hardly a fatal blow to amygdalin as 
a chemotherapeutic. No reason-
able advocate would claim that 
amygdalin would be equally active 
against all types of tumors, or in all 
patients with a give!!. type. _ of 
tumor. Each 0( the currently 
accepted standard cancerostatics 
shows a wide variation 0( efficacy 
dependent upon tumor type and the 
particular patient. It would be 
surprising if amygdalin were an 
exception to this commonplace. 

Furthermore, it is possible that 
various of these studies were 

would release cyanide wilen 
cleaved by the enzyme beta-
glucuronidase. 
. It is well known that cancerous 
tissues often conta in levelS of beta-
glucuronidase, many-fold higher 
than its tissue of origin. Krebs 
therefore proposed that Laetrile 
was releBlling cyanide selectively 
at the site of the cancer due to 
cleavage by beta-glucuronidase. 
This claim was disproved by the 
demonstration that Krebs' Laetrile 
was in reality only BJDfgdalin, 
which cannot be cleaved by beta-
glucuronidase. Then Krebs made 
the convenient ad hoc proposal that 
amygdalin was first being con-
verted to the glucuronide 
derivative in the liver (a process 
which would require two 
hydrolytic cleavages by liver beta-
glucosidase and a subsequent 

Wedaeaday, NovemberM, It'71 

low serum cyanide level Is 
produced which is non-toxic to the 
host · but to which cancer tissue Is 
selectively sensitive. For a con-
siderable time, I did not lend much 
credence to this proposed 
mechanism, due to the influence of 
the article " The Vitamin Fnud in 
Cancer Quackery" by David 
Greenberg, which appeared In the 
April '75 edition of CaUI.raJa 
Medlclae_ Says Greenberg, "If 
cyanide was formed in the body, 
either through cleavage of 
amygdalin or by direct ad-
ministration, would It be expected 
to have a specific cytotoxic effect 
on cancer tissue? The answer is no. 
Dating almost from the begiMing 
of the century experiments have 
ooen made on the effects of in-
Jecting cyanide into cancer-

' bearing rodents or 

Burying Caesar: An Analysis of the 
by Mark McCarty, UCSD Medical StudeDt Copyrigbt 1975, TritoD Times ' . PermissioD ls graated by the author to 

to suppress and ·even lie about a 
drug that could possibly palliste 
the intense sufferings 0( thousands 
of cancer victims? On the basis of 
my knowledge of amygdalin's 
history in this country, I believe 
that the following factors have 
been of importance: 

1. The suspicious nature of 
Laetrile's introduction to clinical 
use. Clinicaf use of Laetrile began 
in the early 19508 before its ef-
ficacy had been evaluated by a 
major medical association or 
regulatory agency. In 1952, when 
the Cancer Commission of the 
California Medical Association 
attempted to set up a controlled 
trial of Laetrile, Ernst Krebs, Jr., 
,Laetrile's developer and chief 
champion, agreed to make Laetrile 

'available for the study only on the 
the condition that a friend and 
Laetrile supporter be made 
director of the study. The CMA 
understandably had to refuse a 
demand that would so plainly 
compromise the study's ob-
jectivity, and plans for a controlled 
study therefore had to be aban-
doned. When Krebs was asked for 
the results of his allegedly suc-
cessful animal tests with Laetrile, 
Krebs claimed that he had lost 
them. Fur t he r more , Krebs 
claimed that the " Laetrile" which 
he was selling for clinical use (at 
up to $50 an injection) was a 
specially synthesized glucuronic 
acid derivative of the cheap, easily 
extractable apricot pit derivative 
amygdalin . Chemical analysis of 
Krebs' " Laetrile" revealed that it 
was identical with amygdalin. 
Cancer Commission of the CMA. 
Blocked from conducting a 
carefully designed clinical trial of 
Laetrile, the CMA did the next best 
thing, reviewing the records of 44 
patients at several Southern 
California medical centers who 
were receiving Laetrile therapy. 
The commission found no hard, 
objective evidence for Laetrile 
induced tumor regression or life 
prolongation. One of the 44 patients 
did show complete regression, but 
it was thought that this might have 
been secondary to laparotomy, a 
procedure which does oc-
cassionally seen: to induce 
remission in pa t" ents with 
peritoneal carcilloma . Other 
patients claimed ~s showing 
regression were onen receiving 
concurrent ortho:!ox therapy. 
Some of the pa :ients lacked 
satisfactory histol( gical prool of 
malignancy. DocUfile ation of the 
progress of the necplastic process 
was inadequate for n~t patients. 

Nevertheless, the e findings 
cannot be taken as a trenchant 
criticism of present-day 
amygdalin therap) . As Dr . Dean 
Burk has pointed out , the total 
dosage of amygdalin which any 
single patient in this s tudy 
received over the course of his or 
her therapy was less than the 
dosage that today would be ad-
ministered in a single injection. 
Over the course of the past two 
decades, clinical experience has 

trial ; therefore it is not surprising 
that these records often did not 
include the optimal objective 
documenta tion of the process of the 
disease , that patients received 
therapies in addition to Laetrile, 
that histologic confirmation of 
malignancy was lackir.g in some 
instances. It is quite possible that 
evidence for tumor regression due 
to Laetrile was invalidated by such 
considerations. Since the study 
followed the patients for only 
several months, with about half of 
the patients still alive at the time 
the study was completed, it is 
impossible to say whether or ·not 
any significant prolongation of life 
span would have resulted from 
continuing therapy. 

Moreover, certain aspects of the 
report show an unscientific bias 
against amygdalin. For example, 
microscopic autopsy slides from 
nine patients who died subsequent 
to amygdalin therapy (hardly an 
unbiased subsel of those treated!) 
were sent to six pathologists for 
evaluation. The report states, "The 
unanimous opinion of these con-
sultants was that in no instance 
could any recognizable effect of a 
chemotherapeutic agent be ob-
served in the histology of these 
various neoplasms." This is a n 
outright lie, as anyone who reads 
Appendix Three of the Report by 
Ca ncer Advi sory Council on 
Treatment of Cancer with Beta-
Cyanogenic Glucosides can readily 
verify. Several .reports did state 
that observed necrotic change was 
consistent with _ (though not in-
dubitably due to) chemothera-
peutic action. 

Even less justifiable was the 
contemptuously cavalier manner 
in which claims of subjective 
improvement were treated. The 
report states, " ... all of the 
physicians whose pa tients were 
reviewed spoke of inc rease in the 
sense of well-being and appetite, 
gain in weight and decrease in 
pain, as though these observations 
constituted evidence of definitive 
therapeutic ~ffect ... The clinica l 
observations of severa l members 
of the Cancer Commission ... in-
dicated that Laetrile m ay exert a 
tempor ary m eta bol ic effe c t , 
probably on nitroge n 
metabolism." The report did not 
clarify this vague statement, nor 
did it recommend the im-
plementation of studies to deter-
mine the nature of this' ' temporary 
mctnb()\if' effect,"· or to test 
whether Laetrile might indeed 
have greater-than-placebo effect in 
alleviating the intense pain and 
cachexia of late stage cancer. 

3. Negative results in animal 
systems. The positive studiC$ cited 
earlier in this article were not 
intended as an exhaustive list of all 
animal work to date, but rather as 
r e futations to the " mis-
statements" of various high cancer 
officials. There have been a 
number of stl: 1ies which repor . 
edly show amygdalin to have no 
apparent efficacy in several 
animal tumor systems - several 

. , 

techilically flawed. Some of these 
studies used amygdalin dosages . 
far lower than those currently used 
in humans. The danger of intra-
intestinal injection may not have 
been recognized in all cases. And 
some amygdalin proponents 
believe that some studies were 
conducted with a racemized (and 
hence less active) form of 
amygdalin produced by high 
temperature extraction (a claim 
which I cannot presently 
evaluate). 

It is of key importance that the 
first animal study yielding clear 
evidence of amygdalin's efficacy 
(the McNaughton-Scind study) 
was done in 1968. The dogma of 
amygdalin as a " quack" drug had 
been in fullswing for fifteen years 
by this time, and thus had reached 
a stage where it was unlikely to be 
unseated by mere experimental 
evidence. 

4. Negative results in " in vitro" 
tumor cell systems. To the best of 
my knowledge, no test of 
amygdalin alone in isolated cancer 
cell cultures has shown any 
evidence of cytotoxic effect. A 
number of such s tudies have been 
conducted. 

5. The lack of confirmation for 
the Krebs mechanism. 

It is necessa ry to pause for a 
moment to disc uss the chemical 
structure of amygdalin . Its formal 
designation is mandelonitrile-beta-
gentiobioside. 

(S~e figure 1) 
The disaccharide to the left is 

gentiobiose, consisting of two 0-
glucose molecules bound in beta (1-
6) linkage. The remaining moiety 
bound to gentiobiose by a beta-O 
linkage is mandelonitrile. The 
glycosidic portion of the molecule 
can be hydrolytically cleaved by 
the enzyme beta-glucosidase , 
libera ting the mandelonitrile 
portion. The mandelonitrile thus 
formed can either spontaneously, 
or by mediation of the enzyme 
beta-oxynitrilase, dissoc iate into 
benzaldehyde and cyanide. 

(See figu re 2) _ 
Amygdalin is just one of a family 

of compounds known a s 
cyanogenetic glucosides (or, as 
more simply designated by Krebs, 
"nit rilosides"), which release 
cya nide upon cleavage by 
glucosidases. Ot;ler members of 
this family include prunasin, 
linamarin, sambunigrin, lotusin 
and dhurrin. These are found in 
high concentrations in a variety of 
plants , such as cassava, bitter 
almonds, millet, lima beans, and 
the seeds of apricots, cherries and 
apples . Amygdalin itself was first 
isolated from bitter almonds, and 
its structure characterized by 
Wohler and Uebig in the 1830s. 

Now back to the story. Krebs, 
upon introduction of his Laetrile in 
the '50s, claimed that he had 
synthesized a beta-glucuronide 
analog of amygdalinj that is, a 
nitriloside in which the gentiobiose 
of amygdalin W81 replaced by a 
glucuronic acid molecule. Krebs 
postulated that such a molecule 

conjugation of. the resulting 
mandelonitri!!! with gulcuronic 
acid ' by UDP glucuronyl trans-
ferase, (not glucuronidase as 
Krebs suggested), from which the 
processed molecule would be 
carried to the site of the cancer and 
release· its cyanide due to 
beta glucuronidase cleavage. To 
the best of my knowledge, no ex-
perimental evidence has been 
presented by Krebs or anyone else 
to substantiate this theory. 

Krebs' latest version of 
amygdalin's mechanism runs as 
follows: cancer cells have 
unusually high concentrations of 
beta-glucosidase, and little or no 
rhodanase (the enzyme which 
detoxifies cyanide, producing 
thiocyanate. ) Thus, cyanide would 
selectively attain high cytotoxic 
levels in cancer tissues. Several 
experimental studies at Sloan-
Kettering and elsewhere have 
failed to confirm this ad hoc 
generalization. While a few of the 
tissue slices studied at Sloan- · 
Kettering did show this enzyme 
pattern, it is apparent this' 
mechanism alone could not ac-
count for the range of therapeutic 
effica cy claimed by Laetrile 
proponents. As previously stated, 
in vitro experiments have 
repeatedly shown the inability of 
cancer cells to release cyanide 
from am ygdalin within a 
reasonable incubation time. 
Hydrolysis has been observed after 
a 24 hour incubation, but this is a 
result of dubious physiological 
significance. 

It is important to emphasize that 
when Krebs states these theories, 
he states them as fact , not theory. 
His continued dogmatic, ad hoc, 
unconfir mable and even 
disprovable assertions as to the 
mechanism of amygdalin's action 
have undoubtedly made it easier 
for scientists to believe that Krebs 
is a quack and that Laetrile is a 
hoax. 

The major alternative proposal 
for amygdalin's action has been 
that cyanide is released by 
glycos idic cleavage at sites other 
than the cancer (such as the in-
testinal lumen, which contains by 
far the highest reservoir at beta-
glucosidase in the body, and 
possibly the liver j the high beta-
glucosidase content of gut bacteria 
explains amygdalin's greater oral 
toxicity)and that by this means a 

such anlnials in an atmosphere 
containing a fixed concentration of 
HCN gas. Increases in survival 
time of the treated cancer-bearing 
animals were observed, but the 
animals also developed erytbema, 
edema and necrosis 0( the ex-
tremities. The general conclusion 
was that the effective doses were 

·too close to the lethal dose to be of 
practical use. 

" Brown et al administered 
cyanide along with anesthetic to 
patients with uterine tumors 
directly to the tumor and observed 

. no improvement. " 
This article dissuaded me from 

following out this possible 
mechanism. However, when I 
became convinced that the local 
release theory of Krebs would not 

. hold water, and I was casting about 
for other possible explanations, it 
occured to me that the n-
periments involving direct ad-
ministration of cyanide might not 
be adequate models of the serum 
levels of cyanide likely to result 
from amygdalin administration. 

Cyanide is avidfy- detoxified by 
liver rhodanase, and thus an oral 
or i.v. bolus of cyanide sufficient to 
produce a significant average 
serum level over 12 to 24 hours 
would have to be very large, and in 
the period Immediately following 
administration would produce 
serum cyanide levels quite 
probably host toxic. In contrast, 
amygdalin may work like a 
" timed-release " cyanide , 
simulating a continuous i.v. in-
fusion and maintaining a less 
varia ble concentration of cyanide 
more readily kept between the 
limits of cancerostatic efficacy and 
host toxicity . On the basis of this 
consideration, I decided to in-
vestigate the original rest:arch 
literature cited by Gre~nberg, in 
order to clarify the conditions of 
cyanide administration. I was 
more than a little surprised by 
what I found. 

An experimental study by 
Karczag appeared in 1928 (Archiv 
fur Experimentelle Zeillorschung, 
vol. 5, p. 178) . Karczag found that 
with continuously increasing doses 
of cyanide he could desensitize 
mice to the muscle cramping ef-
fects of KCN. Administration of 
higher, formerly intolerable 
dosages of K CN " ... over periods of 
weeks and months, influenced 
neither the life duration, the 

Fig. 1 

Page 9 
~~~~--~~--~~--~~--------------------------------------­growth, the weight gain, gravidity, then concludes her paper with the 

Wedae_y, November M.lt'75 .rl~f ... I ... -s 
lactation, or any other biological claim, "Therefore it seems that the 
process of normal animals. These range 0( the effectiv~ dose is 
experiments' had the principal limited and too close to the toxic 
important result, that normal dose to be practical." However, a 
animals are biologically unaf- careful reading of her paper shows 
fected by potassiwn cyanide ad- that she had no rational basis 
ministered in this dosage and whatsoever for this statement, 
fas hion" (my translation ). inasmuch as she never made any 

Karczag then injected these attempt to determine a lower limit 
animals with Ehrlich Ascites for anti-cancer efficacy. All s!le did 
Mouse Carcinoma, continuing the was to try two different dosage 
administration of KCN, and schedules and found that they both 
comparing the resulting tumor involved significant toxicity and 
development to that of control cancerostatic efficacy. Fur-
animals. He found that the average thermore, her results apply only to 
life span of the treated animals Jensen Sarcoma, a tumor which 
was significanUy prolonged over Haagen found was refractory to 
controls, that tumor growth was dosages that could produce non-
often slowed, and that 18% of his toxic efficacy against a mouse 
treated animals were completely carcinoma. 
cured, all without manifestations The most recent results are those 
of of Wood and Smith J . 

mitochondrial shunt route; re-
oxidation therefore occurs through 
lactate dehydrogenase. Th is 
enhanced production of lactic acid, 
well known a s the aerobic 
glycolysis of cancer t issue 
discovered by Warburg, is 
responsible for the depression in 
tumor pH. 

Phosphofructokinase, one of the 
key regulatory enzymes of 

. glycolysis, is subject to strong 
negative allosteric modulation by 
ATP, especially in the mildly 
acidic conditions of tumor tissue. 
ADP is a competitive inhibitor of 
this negative modulation. Cyanide, 
by lessening the efficiency of 
mitochondrial respiration, will 
increase the ADP to ATP ratio and 
thus - increase the activity of 
phosphofructokinase, stimulate 
glycolysis and thereby increase the 

rile Problem, Part II 
of this a rUde if attribution II made. 

Haagen, in experiments con-
temporaneous with K,rczag's, 
(cited in the discussion foUowing 
Karczag ' s paper) found that 
cyanide administration beginning 
at the time 0( implantation of a 
mouse carcinoma reduced the 
frequency of tumor take to 75% 
from its normal value of 95-911%. 
He found, however. that cyanide 
was of little therapeutic value once 
the tWllor had reached a certain 
size (a conunon finding with 
animal experiments and with 
clinical usage of amygdalin.) He 
also found no effect on Jensen or 
Flexner-J obling sarcomas of rats. 

Maxwell and Bischoff (J . 
Pharmacol. Exp. Ther. 49:270) 
treated rats implanted with Sar-
coma 180 by exposing them to an 
atmosphere containing HCN for 5-6 
hours. In a series of four ex-
periments, they varied the 
frequency and time of start of 
treatment intervals. After a set 
interval, it. was found that in 3 0( 
the 4 series, the average size 0( 
tumors in controls exceeded 
treated by between one and two 
standard dllViations, and that in 
the remaining series, control size 
exceeded treated by greater than 
two standard deviations. 

One of two experiments con-
ducted in a similar · mamer with 
Walker 256 showed control size 
exceeding treated by over two 
standard deviations ; the other 
showed no significant effect. A 
single experiment with R-1O sar-
coma again showed significant 
growth inhibition in the treated 
animals. While the treated animals 
sometimes showed anoxia and 
prostration at the end of the 
treatment periods, the authors do 
not mention any mortality or 
chronic toxiCity in treated animals. 

Indeed, the only article of those 
referenced by Greenberg which 
contained the alleged " general 
conclusion" that " effective doses 
were too close to the lethal dose to 
be of practical use" was a paper by 
Perry (Am. J. Cancer 25:592,1935), 
who, using the Jensen Sarcoma 
system of rats, also · tested CN 
administration by inhalation. 
Under the conditions of ad-

~inistration which she used, she 
did Obse rve erythema, edema and 
necrosis in the limbs 0( the 
m~jority of her treated animals. 
USing daily ~ hour treatments, 5 
of 32 treated animals died as a 
result of the continuing CN 
treatments. Seven of the 32 treated 
anImals shoWed complete tumor 
regression and apparent cure. 
Those surviving therapy showed a 
Very marked tumor growth 
retardation. In another experiment 
she tried continuous inhalation ~erapy beginning at time af1umor 
;mPlantation, using a somewhat 
esser atmospheric concentration 

of Obst. and Gynec., Nov. 1960, 
907), who by using ' anesthesia to 

coun~r CN toxicity, found that 
several i.v . perfusions of .75-1.5 
mglkg NaCN could produce life· 
prolongations 0( lr..85% in Erlich 
Ascites Mouse Carcinoma, of 70% 
in Sarcoma 180 of rats, and in trials 
on 18 dogs with spontaneous 
cancers, produced several ap-
parent cures and a number (ac-
cording to the opinion of 
veterinarians) of significant life 
prolongations, all without appareDt 
acute or chrome toxicity. Best 
results were obtained with those 
animals treated most frequently. 
Indeed, the authors were so en-
couraged with their results · that 
they began a limited clinical trial 
on seven terminal patients with 
gynecological cancer. 'ThiIt no 
apparent clinical effect was ob-
served is not surprising in light of 
the fact that only a single 5-15 
minute iv perfusion of .75-1 mg/kg 
was given to each patient_ 

Thu,s ; ftom the available 
evidence it appears quite possible 
that amygdalin may work by 
producing serum cyanide, without 
a requirement for local release at 
the cancer site. The half-truths and 
deceptions contained in Green-
berg's article are all too typiCal of 
the statements of zealots on both 
sides of the Laetrile question. 

It is now appropriate to consider 
the question : ~hy should cyanide 
produce selective toxicity to 
cancer cells at dOll8ges which do 
not significantly impair host 
functioning? Further, why should 
this effect be most significant in 
early rather than late stage 
tumors? I believe that cyanide 
may produce this effect by 
selectively enhancing the 
acidification of cancer tissue, as 
well as by decreasing glucose 
availability to poorly vascularized 
tumor regions. ' 

rate of lactic acid production. The 
enhanced glycolYSis would make 
up a large part of the ATP deficit 
caused by the cyanide, but only at 
the cost of depressed tumor pH. 
This effect will occur in normal 
tissues as well, but the resulting 
lactate production will be less 
intense due to the more normal 
enzyme patterns (lesser levels of 
glycolytic enzymes, competant 
NADH shunts) occuring in these 
tissues. 

The enhanced glucose utilization 
of tumor cells would decrease the 
availability of glucose to cancer 
cells at larger distances from 
capillaries, and thus slow their 
rate of division a nd increase the 
fraction of tumor cells caught In GO 
stage. This phenomenon of 
decreased glucose supply is the 
basis of the well known fact that 
late stage tumors (which have 
relatively poorer vascularization) 
show a lesser exponential growth 
rate than early stage tumors. 
Amygdalin might thus be seen as 
inducing a "premature aging" of 
tumors, without necessarily 
exerting a cytotoxic effect. (See 
figure 3)". 

What role might tumor 
acidification play in slowing or 
even reversing the neoplastic 
process? It is known that the 
membranes of Iysosomes (the 
cell's suicide bags!) are rendered 
less stable under acidic conditions. 
However , in the absence of 
adequate levels of lysosomal 
labilizers such as vitamin A and 
dimethylsulfoxide, the pH 
necessary to produce significant 
lysosomal breakage is around 6 
and below. My feeling is that (with 
the possible exception of tumors 
which very strikingly exhibit the 
typical tumor enzymatic patterns) 
levels of serum cyanide sufficient 
to produce such marked 
acidification in a tumor would also 
produce significant acidification of 
neural tissue (also deficient in the 
NADH shunt enzymes) and toxic 
energy deficits in tissues less 
capable of glycolysis. Assuming 
then that the degree of 
acidification is of the more modest 
extent likely to be produced by a 
non-toxic cyanide (or amygdalin ?) 
therapy, how might it have a 
cencerostatic effect? 

The cytotoxicity of T lym-
phocytes as well as other im-
munological scavengers 
(macrophages, · PMN leukocytes) 
is largely mediated· by lysosomal 
lytic enzymes. These enzymes, 
almost without exception, are 
intensely activated by acidic 
conditiOlll. One would therefore 
expect tumor acidification to 
enhance the ability of the Immune 
system to slow, stop or reverse 
tumor growth. 

Amygdalin 13-9/~~- > 2-Glucose 
., + 

Ht=N )j \.to-~- C~~ 
+ ( spo,,~~sly @ "c..,.0 .~ B - OI(~n t t.,.; lou .. 

by_ continuous i. v. infusion of 
glucose, von Ardenne has 
demonstrated unequivocally a 
striking potentiation of single 
doses of radiation or can-
cerostatics which under normal 
conditions would produce only a 
small percentage tumor cell kill, 
but which when administered in 
conjunction with tumor· 
acidification often produce striking 
tumor regression. Ardenne's In-
terpretation of this effect is that 
lysosomal enzymes released from 
the relatively small proportion of 
cancer cells killed by the 
" triggering" dose of radiation or 
cancerostaiics, are strongly ac-
tivated by the prevailing acidic 
conditions and thus attack the 
membranes of those cancer cells 
which survived the initial on-
slaught, thus producing further 
cell lysis. If hyperglycemic con-

.Fig . .3 
< \ 
.: \ 
"1 \ 
1 " 
. " 

.... " 
---

A 

Mandelonitrile , 
Fig. 2 

occur upon administra tion of CN or 
amygdalin, primar ily because the 
extent of a cidifica tion would 
probably be less than that achieved 
by Ardenne's methods, and the 
" triggering atta ck " (as 
represented by an immunological 
attack) would not be as quick or 
intense. My purpose was rather to 
show that acidic activa tion of 
lysosomal enzymes can be a very 
significant effect, and thus that CN 
stimulated a cidification might 
reasonably be expec ted to 
significantly potentia te im-
munological surveillance. Such a 
mechanism would be thoroughly 
consistent with the finding that CN 
(or amygdalin ) is most effective 
against small tumors or 
metastases. It would also explain 
the fact that cancer cells do not 
seem to be selectively sensitive to 
CN in vitro, yet do seem to show 

A schematic ,""' ..... t. tlon 01 the po.tul.led "pro "",lure 1\11l1li" .".et at cy.nlde on 
lumor • . The . olid line • .-pre .. nl equilibrium gluco •• cancent"tlon. It. function of dlsl.nce 
from capillary walls In (AI nann.1 lissues and (BI m~lgrllnl lumars. Nal. Ih. 1 gfueo .. con-
.. nlra lion f. lI . off mont quic kl y In tumo, tI.s .... , due 10 tho high .. glycolytic ral. 01 c.nc .. 
cell.. The dotted ti nes ,ep,esent equi tlbrium gluco.. concenl"tla nl In lho pro .. "". at 
cyanide . In (AI. nole Ih.t whU.gluco •• I . .... . re dllCroolOd lrom tholr norm .... Iu .. Ih. 
Inegali" l . lape 01 concent,.tlon I, .. -.ywhere gre.I." which Imp/ I • • that tho ,.1. 01 '~dl.t 
diffusion (one! hence gluco .. con .. mptlanl I. g ... I., . t .11 dltt.n .... Analogau. reHonlng 
applied 10 (BI shows that beyond tho ,adl .. 1nc!ICllad by Ih. '''''W, the rat. a' gluco .. dif-
fusion In cy ... lde t".led tI ..... I. I ... th.n no.-I , Implying . depreolOd 9luco .. con-
sumptlon.nc! Ie .... "I~·al c~1 muhlpllCillan In the .. lumor regia,.. 

ditions are maintained for a suf-
ficient period (up to 24 hours), the 
resulting " lysosomal cytolytic 
chain reaction" can produce near 
100% tumor necrosis. (In in vitro 
experiments with Ehrlich Ascites 
celis, Ardenne has directly 
demonstrated this chain reaction 
'Phenomenon). 

This method is of extraordinary 
importance since it maximizes 
cancer cell kill while minimizing 
the immunosuppression and other 
toxicity resulting from orthodox 
therapies. Ardenne has had very 
positive results in the great 
majority of animal systems that he 
has tried it in. The first humar 
clinica l results from East Ger-
many show that complete 
regressions can regularly be 
achieved in cervical cancer with a 
single dose of 500 rads, while or-
thodox procedures require 5-7,000 
rads for comparable results. 
Furthermore, there are no ap-
parent toxic effects on the patient. 
(Ardenne's brlllianUy creative 
cancer work, which has spanned 
over ten years and resulted in well 
over a hundred publications, is still 
very litUe known in this country, 
largely because it does not par-
ticipate in the mainstream 
research efforts 0( virology and 
molecular biology, and is filled 
with differential equations. For 
those who can read German, the 
best recent exposiUon from von 
Ardenne himself can be found in 
RlllUebIoiope RadtotberapAe 16:99 
l l875). ) 

some selective in vivo sensitivity. 
A hint that. a cidification may 

have immunostimulant effects 
beyond lysosomal enzyme ac-
tivation can be found in recent 
research of von Ardenne involving 
testing of the newly synthesized 
immunostimulant drug BA 1. 
(Arzneirnitte l F orschungen, 
25 :1369). Ardennne found that 
while BA 1 alone could produce a 
4() percent cure rate for OS car-
cinoma in Wistar rats, a 250 minute 
period of hyperglYCemia (induced 
by continuous glucose infUSion ) 
over lapping the time of BA 1 ad-
ministration could raise the cure 
rate to 80 percent. Ardenne has 
previously shown that 
hyperglycemia depresses the pH of 
this particular tumor system to 
around 6.0. This brief period of 
acidification seems to be enhan-
Cing either the strength or the 
specifiCity of the BA 1 im-
munostimulation in a manner 
which remains mysterious, and 
may be of importance to the 
question of amygdalin's efficacy. 

Some mutant cells may escape 
immune surveillance and give rise 
to tumors due to various blocking 
mechanisms - for example, 
blocking ant(bo)dies or the 
mimicking 0( trtp'loblast by mean 
0( cell surface \ffCG (for an ex-
planation 0( thiS utter point, see 
below). It is temptlllg to speculate 
that the therapeutlc acidification 
0( cancer might m ~ 
~ CN. By day 111 all but , . of 32 
rea ted animals had died as a 
result of the toxic effects 0( 
treatment, althouih all treeted :rnak Is, aUve and dead, ahcnred r ed tumor retardation. She 

It has frequenUy been reported 
in the research literature that 
.cancer tissue has a depressed pH 
in the neighborhood of 7.0 ~ 
compared with 7.35-7.4 of most 
normal tissues. This appears to be 
due to the well documented fact 
that cancer cells tend to have 
relatively higher levels 0( key 
&lycolytic enzymes such as 
hexokinase and phosphofruc-
tokinase, and depressed levels of 
gluconeogenic enzymes and of 
those enzymes involved in the 
shuttle of reducing equivalents 
from cytosol NAOH to the 
mitochondrial respintory chain -
cytosol glycerol-3-phosphate 
dehydrogenase and cytosol malate 
dehydrOlenase. The more 
malignant the tumor, the more 
marked tIU pattern tends to be. 
The upshot af thla is that pyruvate 
is produced from IlucOlle at a 
higher nte, and a ..... ter fraction 
af tbia pyruvate II used to reo 
oxidize NADH with the reaultant 
production af lactic acid. The latter 
effect occurs beca\lle the NAD 
reduced In the cytosol by glycolysis 

,II lea able to be re-oa~ by the 

The striking anti-cancer efficacy 
0( lYSOlClmlI enzymes activated by 
acidic conditiOlll has repeatedly 
been demonstrated by von 
Ardenne. Through acute 
byperacidificaUon of cancer U.ue 
by muM of .. hyperglycemla af up 
to 400 mg % maintained for hours 

By a digression into the 
" lysosomal cytolytic chain 
reaction" I do not mean to imply 
that a similar intense condition 0( 
rampant ceUular necrosis would 

callie a temporary abrogation of 
these protective mechanisms (lor 
example, by decreasing the af-
finity of an important c lone 0( 
blocking antibodies, or by 
decreasing HOO suppression It T 

. cell stimulation). Such ideas are 
CoIlUa __ Pap 1. 



.... 11 I 
biPlY ..,ecuIati\'e but perbas- beta-glucosidase itself II a 
WGI'tby fi tal test. lysoIomal ensyme activated by 
If acidlfieaticln the key to acidity; thul amygdalin, by 

amyldalln's actio one would enhancing thincidlficatlon, might 
aped other which catalyze its own cleavage at 
induce cMmic tur,l hyperacidity the cancer site.) 
to have ar&i~ effects. There If amygdalin does indeed work 
is an extensive literature to the as an anti-neoplastic 1m-
effect that hyperglycemia munostimuiant, there milbt be 
produces selectiVI) cancer tissue same merit in the notion that the 
acidification; UU bas been shown daHy ingestion of DitrIlosideI, by 
in 00th aniJDaI and lmnan tumor maintaininl non-tomc cyanide 
systems. ArdemIe'. ezploitaion of levels, miSlt potentiate lmm1Jle 
tbia principle ... already been surYeillance and theTell1leaen fI1(I 
explained. Claedo et at found that freqllellCY tl o_rova\)le tumors. 

, In rats previously rendered - CeriaJnl.Y the J'eISUItt 01 Suciara 
diabetic and tim hyperglycemic' (greatly lessened frequency tl 
through Lv. streptOlotoclD lug metastasia,. a Jesser but 
deslnlction tl pancreatic beta statistically significant dect'ease in 
cells, the growth of implanted the frequency of development of 
Walker 256 tumors was very spontaneous mammary cancer, 
significanUy inhibited as com- better therapeutic results in 
pared to controls (14 days after smaller tumors,) of Haagen 
transplantation, the streptmotocin (lessened frequency of tumor 
treated rats had tumor masses 'take,) and of Reitnauer (ad libitum 
only 48 percent that of controls; feeding of bitter almonds inhibiting 
with a slow growing variety of tumor growth) are consistent with 
Walker 256, treated animals this notion. 
showed only 'D percent of the Krebs claims that many 
tumor mass of controls at 19 days) primitive tribes which now or in 
- and the tumors of treated animals the recent past had diets high in 
showed extensive necrosis. nitrilosides have remained 

Other studies involving alloxan relatively cancer free as long as 
as the diabetogenic agent show a they have adhered to their native 
reduction in the incidence of diets. Unfortunatley, this claim Is 
chemically induced hepatoma, and rather difficult to evaluate. There 
an inhibition of the growth of are numerous claims on record by 
Novikoff ascites tumor, Ehrlich early doctors, traders and 
Ascites carcinoma, and rat missionaries to the effect that 
mammary carcinoma. A key cancer was extremely rare in 
question which must be asked is: primitive tribes. 
are these effects due to lack of I counted no less than seven 
insulin stimulation . of the tumor letters in the 1923 ec1ition of the 
tissue, or rather to the British Medical Journal con-
hyperglycemia resulting from finning this rarity. For example, 
insulin lack? In the case of DBA " In Northern Nigeria the eJrtreme 
induced rat mammary carcinoma rarity of carcinoma may be judged 
it is known that insulin stimulates by the fact that the only recorded 
its in vitro growth; therefore lack case at any rate in recent years, 
of direct insulin stimulation of the was one of carcinoma mammae in 
tumor may explain the effect in an old woman from Sokoto, and 
alloxan treated animals. Criss and this specimen is now in the 
Morris found, though, that Museum of the Royal College of 
Novjkoff hepatoma is insensitive to Surgeons ...... .1 may add that 
insulin stimulation (no stimulation during a period of two years in 
of pyrovate kinase or suppression Abyssinia I neither saw nor heard 
of adenylate kinase); never- of a case of carcinoma from my 
theless,itgrowsmuchmoreslowly French , Greek, Hilian, and 
in allo~nized animals, and tumor Russian colleagues, all of whom 
take is only 50 percent as com- had large practices in the capital. " 
pared with 90 percent in controls. Another states, " One of the most 
Some effect secondary to insulin lively impressions present to the 
lack, such as hyperglycemia, mind of the medical worker in 
would seem responsible for this Nigeria after two or three years of 
finding_ The best, most direct. routine work among the people is 
evidence for hyperglycemic the apparent rarity of carcinoma_ 
inhibition of tumor growth comes Personally I have been looking for 
from the work of 'ragi Zade with it in the spot for some twenty-two 
Sarcoma Mi, which showed that year s; and my experience 
continuous glucose infusion cou ld resembles that of my colleague, 
impair tumor growth and enhance Dr. Dyer Sharp: I have never seen 
survival time. a case of carcinoma, or of sar· 

Several experiments could be coma . Some of the medical men in 
conducted to check the the coastal regions of Nigeria 
mechanisms of action proposed in encou nter ca rcinoma oc· 
this paper. Measurement of in- casionally; but chiefly among 
tratumoral pH before and during natives whose dietetic and other 
successful amygdalin therapy, domestic practices they have 
tests of amygdalin in tumor copied . ... " Severa I of the letters 
bearing animals whose T system mention cases which the authors 
has been suppressed by anti-thea have personally encountered or 
antibodies, tests of amygdalin's heard of, to dispute the claim that 
efficacy in xenobiotic animals the African is immune to cancer. 
incapable of hydrolysing Albert Schweitzer wrote; " On my 
amygdalin in their intestinal arrival to Gabon in 1913, I was 
lumen, are a few exa mples of such astonished to f'ncounter no cases of 
experiments. Until such time as cancer. I sa", none among the 
confirmatory experiments are natives two hundred miles from 
completed, these mechanisms the coast... I cannot, of course, say 
must be regarded as speculations positively thallhere was no cancer 
whose validity is entirely at a ll, but, like other frontier 
irrelevant to the question of doctors, I can only say that, if any 
whether or Ot t -amygdalin is of cases existed, they must have been 
value in cancer t1frapy. quite rare.. Thi!! absence of cancer 

The posslbili' y ust not be ruled seems to be due to the difference in 
out that canCfr cell acidification nutrition of the natives compared 
may have eff cts other than im- to the Europeans ... " 
munological ' cnttat1or., t""l A recently as 1949, Moorman, in 
cyanide may !)ave significant the JAM.'" (11l1 7!l), referring to · 
effects other ttantacidification and the Hopi and Navajo Indians whom 
glucose depriv lti n ( 10 addition to h treated, recommended study of 
cytochrome 07 idl se, cyanide also " the very low incidence of cancer 
inhibits cat2lase, gl utatho ine and its possible re lation to diet. Dr. 
reductase and other enzymes), Salsbu ry at Ganada Mission 
that nitrilosidl! metabolites other Hospital reports only 36 cases of 
than cyanide may be of therapeutic malignant conditions, all types, in 
Significance, and that local release 30,000 admissions .. In the same 
of cyanide may playa role in those number of white persons he would 
tumors which do have a significant have found approximately 1,800." 
level of beta-glucosidase. (Levels Several obj(!(!tions can be raised 
of beta-glucosidase measured in to thes early reports . Diagnostic 
tissue homogenates would un- facilities wcre doubtless rather 
derestimate actual beta- primitive and many cases of 
glucosidase activity in vivo, since cancer may have been · passed 

over. Tbe relative paucity of older 
age IfOUIIS w.to the prevalence fi 
infectious disease would decrease 
overaD cancer incidence. Early 
physicians may have been less 
familiar with the pathological 
processes typical of the native 
population and thll$ less likely to 
spot them. A genuine rarity of 
cancer may have led physicians to 
drop It from their dlfferenttal 
diagnoses. . 

Vet, the ame vol~ el the 
Britilb Medical Journal which 
tes&ifies to the rarity 01 cancer in 
Africa cortalns a COIDJ1lWIicatiOD 
referring -to the bigh incidence of 
cancer in.China. 'One would expect 
the prevalenc.e of infectious 
disease and the scarcity of medical 
facilities tyPical of Africa to have 
held for China at this time as well, 
and yet the diagnosis of cancer was 
made with great regularity in 
China. 

Recently collected data is of 
little help in resolving the matter 
since while hospitals were 
becoming more sophisticated, 
diagnosis more exact, the record 
keeping more careful, native 
populations were becoming 
Westernized, exposed to a different 
set of carcinogens and a different 
diet. However, recent age-adjusted 
statistics of cancer incidence in 
Ibadan, Nigeria and Kyadondo 
County, Uganda, show an ex-
tremely interesting trend. 

In both 01. these populations, the 
incidence of cancer after age 60 
levels out and indeed decllaes, 
while in Western nations it con-
tinues to rise steeply. The yearly 
incidence 01. all types of cancer was 
found to be about 95 pel' 100,000 in 
the seventy plus age bracket in 
Ibadan_ Western rates in the same 
age group are usually weD above 
2,000 per 100,000. Even more 
strikingly, only one case of cancer 
in siX years was recorded from 
those 85 or older, despite the fact 
that over a thousand lbadan 
residents fell into this category; 
this amounts to an incidence less 
than that found in twenty-year-olds 
in Western nations. In Kyadondo, 
the average annual incidence in 
the seventy-plus group was 125 per 
100,000. J.N.P. Davis, author of the 
Kyadondo study, points out that the 
vast majority of the population has 
faith in and will use medical 
facilities when ill, that medical 
care is free and readily available, 
and that observed cancer cases are 
registered almost without fail; 
thus it is unlikely that these 
striking findings are artifacls due 
to sampling errors. I n contrast, 
statistics from Bulawayo 
Rhodesia show the typical Wester'lf 
increase with age. It is therefore 
difficult to explain the Nigerian 
and Ugandan statistics by means 
of a selection against . the im-
munologically unfit due to In-
fectious disease. 

The staple foods of many tropic 
peoples are high in cyanogenetic 
glucosides. Cassava, sweet 
potatoes, sorghum, millet, maize 
and various beans contain varying 
amounts of nitrilosides. The major 
staple of Nigeria is cassava. 
Ugandan diets are usually rich in 
cassava, ' millet and sweet 
potaotes. Unfortunately, methods 
of preparation of these foods vary 
greatly from tribe to tribe, for 
which reason there is considerable 
",a ri.ation of the njtriloside conten t 
of 'the final product. Without more 
date on dietary nitriloside con-
tents, it becomes extremely dif-
ficult to attempt a correlation 
between cancer incidence and 
nitl'iloside intake. 

There is little doubt that tropical 
diets Il)ay in some instances 
produce significant serum cyanide 
levels. Osuntokun has s hown that a 
tropical ataxic neuropathy of 
Nigeria is associa ted with high 
serum levels of thiocyanate (the 
chief detoxification product of 
cyanide, with which cyanide is in 
equilibrium,) low serum levels of 
the sulfur containing amino acids 
involved in this detoxification, and 
with monotonous daily diets very 
rich in cyanogenetic glucosides. 

Hobert Houston has postulated 

t'" • 

that the relatively mUd clinical 
form of sickle ceO anemia found In 
sickle cell ' honaygotes in some 
African popuiationa may be due to 
palliative effects exerted by serwn 
cyanide and thiocyanate. (These 
molecules are currently belni used. 
experimentally In the treatment ~ 
sickle cell crl!es.) Cases fi f.tal 
cyanide pobJonlng both in men an 
in animals due to the ingestion Ii 
improperly prepared nitriloside 
sources have been recordl!ld in Ute 
literature. . 

There Is certainly DO .J*rd 
evidence tbat cJano.en~tJc 
g1ycosidel are cauaally relIited to 
the strikillgly low.. incidence If 
cancer in the older members Ii 
certain AfriC8ft populations; a 
multiplicity of factors is un-
doubtedly involved. The 
possibility, though, is certainly 
worth investigating. In any case, 
Western man can certainly learn 
some important lessons from the 
fascinating epidemiology of cancer 
in Africa . 

§ 
Q 
.. 

• Q. 

• : 

Wed"-y, Nevemllerll, lt7S 

both of trophoblast and a high 
percentage of tumors. Thus, HeG 
may confer immunological 
protection to both tropboblast and 
cancer. Serwn HCG may con-
tribute to the generalized immuno-
suppression often observed In late 
stage cancer. See the July '15 issue 
of Cancer Research, page 1117.) 

More damaging tban the 
dogmatic litanies of Krebi Is the 
opinion which many fi the less 
intelligent · Laetrile advocates 
espre. fi die standard anti-
cancer meuares· ... ery, 
racHothenipy, a" che~y . 
which they wiD ofteIl charachrize 
as "cuttint, ' burninl, and 
poisoning. " In contras't, Laetrile is 
touted as the "natural" means of 
controlling cancer thus 
amygdalin become the cause 
celebre of the nature faddists. It is 
extremely unfortunate that 
amygdalin should be set up as an 
alternative rather than a 8U~ 
plemeotary therapy. 

It is undoubtedly the case that 

US. Whit~ 
US. Non White 
lbadan 

10 20 30 .0 SO 60 70 10 to 
AGE IN YEARS 

Cancer incidence Call sites) by age groups in lbadan. U.S. white 
aadllllll-whitc males. (By cottrlUY of BrilishJournG/ D/C_".) 

Krebs is so impressed with the some patients have refused 
potential of nitrilosides as cancer possibly curative sugery or 
preventatives that he has designed radiotherapy and taken amygdalin 
the entire group of Vitamin B17. as exclusive therapy - then died. 
Needless to say, this has not en- Thus lives are needlessly lost, and 
deared him to the forces of or- orthodox clinicians who care about 
thodoxy. So saying, let us leave this their patients come to develop a 
mechanistic digression and get raging resentment against 
back to explaining the factors that amygdalin. No responsible 
have placed Laetrile in its current physician who uses Laetrile (and I 
disrepute. believe there are many) would 

6. The trophoblastic litany. In recommend its use excluse of all 
addition to dogmatic preachments other methods. 
about Laetrile's mechanism of ( If indeed amygdalin treatment 
action, Krebs has incorporated his is a form of immunotherapy, one 
advocacy of Laetrile into a body of would expect its efficacy to be 
dogma which he ca\1s "the compromised by immuno-
trophoblastic hypothesis." First suppressive chemothera peutic 
formulated by John Beard in 1902, agents. Thus in cases of inoperable 
this is the thesis that all cancers cancer in which immun o· 
rise from trophoblast cells, the suppressive chemotherapeut i.:: 
progenitors of which ("the diploid palliation is contemplated, it might 
totipotent cell") were misplaced be wiser to attempt first a course of 
during the process of em- immunostimulant therapy, and 
bryogenesis, lodging in various then resort to the 
tissues of the body. It is held that chemotherapeutic if a good 
these progenitor cells may later be response is not obtained.) 
stimulated by estrogen to undergo 7. The anecdotal nature of 
meiosis and produce trophoblast, clinical studies involving 
the multiplication of which con- amygdalin . No carefully 
sUtutes cancer. (Kerbs dismisses documented study with five year 
de-differentiation of cells as a (ollow-up has been published on 
carcinogenic mechanism because amygdalin, despite over twenty 
" the reversion of normal cells to a years of clinical use. A number of 
primitive state .. .is a ther- anecdotal case histories have been 
modynamic fantasy inadmissible published, claiming tumor 
by modern biology") regressions, life prolongatiOns, 

Since Krebs believes that during significant subjective im' 
pregnancy the trophoblast is made provement and cures, but such 
to regress by the action of pan- observations can always be at· 
creatic enzymes, he includes in· tributed to spontaneous regression 
jections of pancreatic enzymes in or placebo effects unless hard 
his treatment regimen, and ex· statistics are available. Fur-
eludes items from the diet which thermore, these anecdotal ae-
allegedly decrease the serum counl~ are often deficient in ways 
levels of these enzymes. (Trials of mentioned previously in con-
pancreatic enzyme therapy by nection with the 1953 CMA study' 
Shimkin in 1949 showed that the inadequate documentation of the 
only apparent effect of this progress of the tumor, concurrent 
treatment was anaphylaxis). use of other treatment modaliti es, 

Wor Krebs' sake it should be insuWcient proof of malignancy. In 
pointed out that cancer tissue often short, the available data would not 
does seem to mimic various be such as to change the mind at 
properties of trophoblast. For anyone who had a strong 
example, in the past few years it predisposition to believe thaI 
has been shown that a significant amygdalin was a quack remedY· 
proportion of cancers secrete The case histories of Dr. John 
measureable levels of "CG, a Morrone are among the best 
product previously thought documented, and are the only 
specific {or trophoblast; and Laetrile histories to date to be 
recently it has been shown that published in an American medical 
HCG blocks T cell stimulation (by Journal (Experimental Medicine 
PHA) and ls a membrane antigen and Surgery, no . 4, 1963.) Morrone 

.. .. .. . .. ~\JH'~ ~ r, ... ~ · .. 

WeclDelday, Nevemberll, U71 Page II 

it better The Wnerenouse'-' -~----. 
CELEBRAT\NG 
THE OPEN\NG 

Of oUR 
NEW STORE 

AT 
39TH & 

UNIVERS\TY 
SALE ENDS DEC.3 

Ir ......... • .. :::H!S~FI!IST;;;-;:; ... :;:zz;:IIE::CONItNG=--~ ZUKERMAN/ BARENBOIM 
JEflN-PlERRE RAMPAL A . MOZART 

SUlrE fOI/ FLUTE Utost ' A. ( tJ ~hlf1.. _ .~. 
A,NoJAZZPIANO""'" ~ v v -"pI'<Vr,j/ 
CLA~DE BOLUNG V10LINCONCCHTO 2 

P,anlst/Comrwv_r I ADAGIOI N C MA JOR RONOOINCM 
"AAca. .......... ~ RONOOINBrLATMAIOR A. JOIt 

I.U ...... ....,.~CJiIII.AIS 1/10 , .11 IIAMII ft ·ft HI T"'" ~ '-11. S'-l L\SS 
-

~4R887 
MOZART Violin Concerto No. 
2- Zuke rman M33206 
STRAVINSKY Les Noces-
Craft M33201 
TCHAIKOVSKY Piano 
Concerto No. I - Watts MJJ07 
DVORAK Qyartet 

BLACK OAK ARKANSAS 
X Rated 
THE STRAWBS Nornedness 
THE TEMPTATIONS House 
Party 
PINK FLOYD Wish You Were 
Here 
LPGGINS .. MESSINA 50 
Fine 
DIANA ROSS "Mahogany" 
Soundtrack 

LP'S 
ERIC CLAPTON Rain-
bow Concert 
NAT KING COLE 
Greatest Hits 
GENESIS Live 

PLUS 
RINGO STARR Blast From 
The Past 
JI.MI H.ENDRIX M idnight 
L,ghtnong 
ART GARFUNKEL Break· 

CROSBY .. NASH Wind On ;lRICA History Of America The-Water 
JANIS IAN Between The lines OLIVIA NEWTON-JOHN Clearly Lo ... 
JEFFERSON STARSHIP Red EAGLES One 01 These Nights Octopus 
SLY STONE High On Yo ARETHA FRANKLIN. You 

U VAN McCOY D,sco K,d ~EIL 5EOAKA The Hungry JOHN LENNON Shaved Fish 
ears City Of The BRA STREISAND Lazy 

BLP!CK OAK AR KAN· '~""''''U 
SAS Street Party 
ARETHA FRANKLIN Uc.Il~III.Ia.Wi---...o:~:oII)Q()RS Hey Now Hey r-
VAN MORRISON 
Veedon Fleece 
GRATEFUL DEAD 
History Of Vol 1 
YOUNGHEARTS Do 
You Have The Time 
BARRY WHITE To-
gether Brothers 

PLUS AVAILABLE 
MASSE NET La Navarraise ~f:r~te)-De Almeida 

Suite For Flute & 
Boll ing & Rampal 

apest String Quartet" M'~?7'~';­
MOZART Violin Concertos 
1 & J - Zukerman M32JOI 

reatest Hits M30307MENDELSS.ot:tN & TCHAI-
Greatest Hi ts KOVSKY V,olln Concertos-Stern M31835 

PLUS 
BEETHOVEN Moonli !lht. Pa-
lhetiQu!!, Appas ionata-Sonatas-
Serkin 1Vl31811 
RIMSKY -KORSAKOV S!<he-
herazade- Bernstein M31802 
BEETHOVEN SymphQnies No. 
5 & 8- 0rmandy M31634 
,JQHN WILLIAMS Greatest 

MS7505 ~~~~s~!I!.SJ31~~~ony No. 2-
GROFE Grand Canyon Su ite-
Bernstein MJ1824 
BEETHOVEN Syml!hony No. 
9-0rmandy M31818 
SMETANA The Moldau-
Bernstein M31817 HIlS On The Guitar M31407 LEONARD BERNSTEIN Great 

Marches M30943 

LP'S 297 TR CKS S3 
t~~!~ :~~?Iden Age g~e~DA~R~ij~ ~ash 
ERIC CLAPTON 461 & Crosby 
Ocean Blvd BLACK OAK ARKAN. 
BLUE MAGIC The Magic SAS High On The Hog Of Blue 
DICK CLARK 20 Years Of NAT KING COLE 
Rock & Roll Greatest Hits 
STEVIE WI NWOOD Win- JIMMY BUFFET Liv-H~~dBIE HANCOCK ing & Dying In % Time 
Treasure Chest MINNIE RIPERTON 
DEREK & DOMINOES In Come To My Garden 
Concert VAN MORRISON 
BILL WITHERS Live At Tupelo Honey 
Carnegie Hall 
GRAND FUNK Shinin' On GREGG ALLMAN 
STEVE MILLER The Joker Tour 
JOE WALSH So What ROBERTA FLACK 1st 
ALlCE COOPER Welcome Take NEI L DIAMOND Gold Vol 1 

NEW BI RTH Comin' 
Together rili:~~=1;;ii;;;;;~~~~~~~~~~==~=~:-:::-:=~T~0;;M~Y~N~i9;h~tm:::ar~e-:::--1 COLD BLOOD Lydia '-"ioiiiii--~90 MINUTE SALE 18 TRAcRI 2~t~~1~9~'vLo~~N JOHNNY CARSON Here's Johnny 
ROD STEWART Live 
Coast To Coast 
GENESIS Nursery 
Cryme 
BILL WITHERS Still 
Bi II 
CARL DOUGLAS 

Fu F' ng 

I I MILES DAVIS Livel 
. the musIC- tat.!TM · Evil 

the blank tape 
attuned to music 

VAN MORRISON It's 
Too Late 

SYCAPITOl 5TH DIMENSION Live 
WET WILLIE Keep On 
Smilin' 
3 DOG NIGHT Cyan 

SAN DIEGO 39TH & University 284·9780 
KEARNY MESA 4344 Convoy Street 279-9896 

CARLSBAD Plaza Camino Real 729·9811 
MISSION VALLEY Mission Valle\l Center 296-0908 



Laetrile. \. 
reported on 10 C88P. 
malignancy treat 
Laetrile. I will qll~ a represen-
tative example: 

"Case 2. J.S., age 74, male, 
married, pattern maker, weight 
163 Ib, height 62 in. blood pressure 
188/100 mm. Diagnosis inoperable 
carcinoma of the left IWlg with 
metastasis to the mediastinum. 
UrinalysiS and hematology 
negative. 

During the last six months the 
patient complained of cough, 
constant chest pain, dyspnea, 
blood-tinged expectoration, 
anorexia, and loss of weight ( 15 
Ibs. ). An X-ray revealed a mass III 
the left side of the chest suggesti ve 
of a neoplasm. Bronchoscopy and a 
biopsy established the diagnosis of 
carcinoma of the lung. 
Exploratory thoracotomy showed 
extensive carcinoma of the left 
lung with metastases and many 
perforations of the pleura, 
diaphragm, aorta, pericardium 
and mediastinum. The condition 
was considered inoperable. 

Pain was so constant and severe 
that the pa tient took meperidine 
hydrochloride and codeine every 
two or three hours. When in· 
terviewed, he had such great 
difficulty in talking and breathing 
that his wife had to give the 
history. 

Physical examination revealed 
icteric sclerae, pallid con-
junctivae, sluggish reflexes , 
enlarged and tender cervical and 
supraclavicular glands, dullness 
and moist rales over the left of the 
chest, and edema of the ankles 
extending up the the knees. 

Laetrile 1 Gm. was injected 
intravenously, in five minutes the 
systolic blood pressure dropped 28 
mm but there were no signs of 
shock or other adverse effects. 
Three days later the patient 
reported that the pain had been 
less severe since the injection but 

that he had suffered for two days 
from pain in the left shoulder and 
side of the chest. Analgesics were 
still required . 

After the second intravenous 
injection of Laetrile 1 Gm., the 
systolic blood pressure fell 15 mm. 
but there were no side effects other 
than burning and itching in the left 
shoulder area. One week later the 
patient returned to the cifice 
unassisted. Pain, dyspnea and 
edema were considerably 
diminished. His color and general 
appearance were considerably 
improved. 

In a period of seven weeks he 
received sixteen injections of 
Laetrile, seven of 1 Gm., six of 1.5 
Gm.,.and three of 2 Gm. There was 
a prompt fall of blood pressure 
following the injections, ranging 
from 8 to 28 mm. Pain was reduced 
and appetite improved but there 
was no weight gain. He was able to 
discontinue use of meperidine 
hydrochloride and codeine. There 
were no apparent adverse effects 
from the injections as shown by the 
before and after hemograms and 
urinalyses. " 

Morrone summarized his results 
as follows : 

" The use of Laetrile (l-man-
delonitriJe-beta-glucuroniside), in 
beta cyanogenetic glucoside, in-
travenously in 10 cases of 
inoperable cancer, all with 
metastases, provided dramatic 
relief of pain, discontinuance of 
narcotics, control of fetor, im-
proved appetite, and reduction of 
adenopathy. The results suggest 
regression of the malignant lesion. 

A fall of blood pressure occured 
in all cases after administration of 
Laetrile. This side effect was 
eas ily avoided by using 
phenylephrine hydrochloride 0.3-1 
mg. in the same syringe with the 
Laetrile solution. 

No other side effects were noted 
except slight itching and a sen-
sation of heat in the affected areas, 
which was transitory in all cases. 

Comparison of before and after 
hemograms showed defimte im-
provement in the red blood cell 
count and hemoglobin in most 
cases. Differential blood COWlts 
and urinalyses were entirely 
negative. " 

(The transient hypotensive ef-
fect noted by Morrone and other 
clinicians is indirect evidence of 
the prompt production of cyanide 
following Lv. administration of 
amygdalin. Thiocyanate, the 
detoxification product of cyanide, 
is a hypotensive agent. ) 

Morrone considered this study to 
be only preliminary, and planned 
to do five year follow-up on all 
treated patients. Tragically, he 
died soon after the publication of 
his paper. 

My own subjective impression is 
that I have seen too many case 
histories of cancer regression after 
amygdalin use for them all to be 
due to spontaneous' regression. I 
am also struck by the consistency 
and frequency of the claims that 
amygdalin produced relief from 
pain, improvement of appetite , 
weight gain, and an improvement 
in the sense of well-being in a large 
fraction of patients treated. There 
are numerous cases cited in which 
patients who hadformerlyrequired 
opiates every several hours to_ 
relieve excruciating pain, were 
able to quit opiates entirely after 
beginning Laetrile therapy. I have 
my doubts that many such 
palliations can be ascribed merely 
to placebo effects. 

Above all, I find it distressing 
that in all the years that the 
Laetrile controversy has raged, no 
major medical institution has done 
a controlled double blind study to 
test the ability of amygdalin to 
alleviate pain in cancer patients. If 
such a study had positive results, 
the way would then be open for 
more extensive clinical testing. (Of 
course, any American institution 
attempting such a study would 
require a special dispensation 
from the FDA). 

Another fact which adds to the 
credlblllty of amygdalin's 
therapeutic value is that' lt is being 
used by independent-minded 
physicians in many different areas 
of the world - the U.S., Canada, 
Mexico, Germany, Belgium, 
Netherlands, Philippines, 
Australia, Indonesia, among 
others. There have been many 
quack cancer remedies, but few if 
any have garnered such a large 
worldwide following. Most of these 
physicians are not " true 
believers" of the Krebs litany, but 
rather have tried amygdalin 
clinically out of curiosity and have 
become convinced that it gets 
results. I am inclined to place some 
credence in the clinical judgement 
of so many physicians, especially 
since this judgement must be 
constantly exercised in the plan-
ning of cancer chemotherapeutic 
regimens. 

My own subjective opinion may 
be of little value. But I do believe 
that obj ective evidence is strong 
enough to justify a firm demand 
for a carefully designed trial of 
amygdalin at a major U.S. medical 
institution. 

8. Groupthlnk. Once having 
formed an opinion or taken a stand, 
a bureaucracy will be very un-
willing to back down and admit 
that it has erred. (One can imagine 
the sublime anguish of the ACS 
when faced with the prospect of 
admitting that Krebs may have 
had something after all , and that 
they had outlawed for over twenty 
years a drug which might have 
helped thousands of cancer 
patients). It may have a tendency 
to create a fantasy world where 
every emperor wears clothes and 
every endless tunnel has large 
lights installed at regular in-
tervals. Members of the 
bureaucracy who refuse to " play 
ball" may be subject to certain 
sanctions - in this case, loss of 
promotions or grant money. 
. A factor which is contributing to 
the dogmatic nature of the official 

Wed ... y, November .. 1175 

stance on Laetrile Is the in-
fOrrDlltion vacuum regarding the 
wQrk that has been done with it. 
The physician in the field has had 
little or no exposure to original 
research literature on amygdalin: 
all he is likely to know is that the 
ACS and NCI have condemned it 
repeatedly. With a very few ex-
ceptions (the 1953 CMA study, the 
Reitnauer and Morrone papers, 
and clinical reports by Navarro in 
Philippine Medical Journals ), 
original research reports, both lab 
and clinical, both pro and con, have 
not been published in medical 
journals. Therefore, the decisions 
of the cancer elite have not been 
subject to review by those lower in 
the hierarchy. 

It is fervently to be hoped that 
the chief scientists of the FDA, the 
NIH, the ACS will show more 
openmindedness, humility, and 
humanity than did the US "foreign 
policy experts" whose self· 
de lusions and lies cost literally 
millions of lives in Viet Nam. In 
light of the positive experimental 
evidence in animal systems which 
is now available, in light of the 
fa vorable clinical reports from 
physicians around the world and 
thousands of enthusiastic patient 
testimonials, in light of the very 
real possibility that amygdalin 
may indeed be a valuable anti-
cancer agent, and may even save 
lives, there can be no excuse for 
failing to proceed immediately 
with careful objective clinical 
trials of amygdalin. 

This paper has gone to lengths to 
show how natural it was for many 
bright and well-intentioned 
physicians to develop a strong 
prejudice against amygdalin. It is 
time, though, for those prejudices 
to be recognized exactly as such 
and discarded. ' 

Here is the key point : there is no 
good evidence that amygdalin is 
without value in the treatment of 
human cancer. It is remarkable 
that physicians who can be so hard 

Continued on Page 15 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssiFiEd Ads 
Rules and Rales 

Classlfleds should ellher be prinled or typed on a 3" x5" card (available in 
Tnton Times o ff ice) They may be SUbmitted anytime between 9 and noon 
and 1 and 4 p .m 

The follOWing rates are for 100 spaces -- If you use morp spaces, the rate 
Will double. (100 spaces ··25 cents 101 10 200 ·-50cenls). 

Personals·· $1 
Lost and Found ·· free 
Olher ads students .. 2S cenls 

nonstudents -- $1 
DeadlInes 4 pm Frtday for Monday 4 pm Monday for Wednesday. 4 pm 

Wednesday lor Ftlday 
Announcements free. All announcements will run In the Monday 

calendar Deadline for calendar 4 pm Friday. 
(All additions or correCtions 10 listings in the Schedule 01 Classos for 

regular University courses Will be charged $1 . ) 

ItOUSiNG 
UCSO Senior, liVing In h iS van , seeks to rent 
a 2-car garage WIth k'tchen and bathroom 
pnvtleges Ca ll 454·8549 and leave your 
name and number (11126) 

Roommale needed to share Ig 3BR house In 
o B Ocean VIew pluS many exlras. SI20 plus 
uhl EncorCurlls225-0844 (11126) 

Hou se In Del Mar one roomie needed, across 
slreet from beach. 2 males now . $100 plus 
IromDec 7 755·768- ( f l/26) 

F rmt Jan·June $150 nQnsmoker. Beaut i fu l 
La Jolla Shores hom · Close 10 bch and bus . 
W. dryerlplace 459 J I198 (11 126) 

Roommate lor 2Bdr • pI 85 mo. Dec 15 CP 
LS OK 755·8510 (I 126) 

Female roommale 10 Del Mar apt $751 mo. 
Barbara orCarot 481 ·99 t (11/26) 

SIngle room lor M .. r F In comlortabte Del 
Mar apl SOO lmo A ,.,1 12 /15. come by 425 
Siralford $15 leavenl s 481 ·9941 (11 1211) 

50"gor auto 114 200mm lens ana VIV"ar f 128 
135 mm lens Penla. mounls 565-4753 
11 1 I 

Wal r sporlS Bonler8·2". sk,p Irye,wallow. 
both xlnt $70 New duCk fee. size M $7 50 
Mark 488·8439 

I().speed . men 's 21·mCh. rebuilt. new tires, 
cables. all sunlour eqUIPped S60 Mark 488· 
84l~ 

" 

Goya gUItar. RoseWOOd and Mahogany 
Swed ,sh·bullt . rase Mark 488-8439 

Cltane inlercltlb blcYCIe-.24 '12" frame · ' "Ir old 
• good cond,l,on - St 20 or make offer · 756-

~26 lJfter5 (11 /261 

Cramming fO( flnal~ "" Don' t! Get prof ap-
pro'¥ed lect ure no tAS sold M-Th Aevelle Ouad 
gel all back Issues P" / ch 10 . Psych 16, Econ 
IB Econ 2A. CMm JC. Nat SCI lA. Ochem 
B,o 7. Nal SCI lC . L inguisl ics lA. SCi & Tech 
IIA. ( 11 126) 

Personalized Chflstmas cards : wide 
select ion from very con temporary to very 
traditi onal. OrdPr before Thanksgiving & 
save 15 percenl. Call & save both S & 
loot work 453-0387 (11 / 26 ) 

Discount Coupon eooks ·· Clairemonl Band 
seiling books as fund ralset' . Books conlain 
o .... "Imons (QOfcsentl!'9 $70 savings al 

restauranls, elc ~~;.o ur- 2 for $5. Tax 
deduc I ,bl . 45:>-8009 

Large Cafe Ractng Seat. New . $20 Cafe 
Ractng Handlebars. New. $10 Brad 
.. en.ngs 755-2610 (11/26) 

1969 Honda 350 Road B,ke Eng.ne rebUilt 
200 miles ago. Full slandard equlpm~ t ptus 
lug ag rack and SIssy Bar Runs Ime. S395 
Or b 51 olfer Brad even,ngs 755·2610 
1111261 

61 vw run ~ well . nu clutCh. trans needs paint 
butok SSOOo'" Charlie 45:>-8966 (11 / 26 ) 

t970 K.""8531<1 500 excet condlllOn Mu st 
""II ,mmool 400 or oller . 481 -0328 (t1126) 

'61 GIbson SG GUItar Perlect ConQrhon . 
SllPN neck S2SO 756.1430. Lanc" II 1/~) 

I I I' I I I 

Milulanl Super Seraph 1 ().speed Alloy , supt<r 
clean and IIghl. make ofl er. 453·9646. 
{11/261 

Mallress. Box spongs • $25 . Call evenings 
295·0891 (11126) 

1974 Vespa-C,ao Exc COM , lSOplus MPG 
$275. see al 229 Coast Blvd .. La Jolla . 
(11 1261 

71 Honda XL-70 Greal condo runs perlecliy l 
250 or best offer. Call 453·5727 lor Ihe 
delarls PI 126) 

SuzukI TS 125. 10 mileage. superb conditIon . 
Must $ell $370. CaCl452-2399 or 454·7022. 
(11/26) 

TRAVel 
SSW Travel OffICe. UCSO Inlernat lonal 
Center. XM AS NY Charter $209 . Mazatzan 
campIng $139 , Cenl. America 3 weeks 
$479 .. Inn Studenl to. Summer Europe 
Charlers ... 452·06JO. 11 am • 4 pm. Mon . 
Wed . Frlonly . (11126) 

Europe. Israel. Orienl . NY . TGA low.cost 
flights. A ls t 1436 S. LaCienega 81. L.A . 
90035 . 714·544·9333 or 21:>-652-2727 . 
(11 /26) 

Rider wanted 10 share expenses . Will be 
coming Irom Stockton 10 UCSO 11129 or 30. 
Also will be returning 10 Siockion Dec. 4 or 5 . 

C.IIChanda 453·~07 . (11126) 

Europe Irom S299 R.T Hawalf Irom $169 
R T W,th Greal Amencan Passage. Call 
287·7422. C,mpus Reps needed. (11 1211 ) 

Travel OVef break? I have car. Share cost and 
see desert . Bay area . Sierras . 011 Oave 453-
0997. (11 126) 

WANTed 
Need extra cash? Paying lop dollar for your 
U 5 S,lv r COIns mlnled belor 1965. Ken 
453·7924 II t 126) 

Earn e, tra money selling Chtlstmaa gill 
,I ms door 10 door Easy 10 sell . 45:>-5" I. 
1111 I 

WanlPd Keyboard player and gullarls t WIth 
fall·rock baCkground for eSlab/ lalled lad)' 
SI nger 283·7564 . (11/26) 

Fomale vocalISt w"h gUllar for weddings . 
nd rfccphons WIth band 299-3804 (11/2111 

I 11111111111111111 . I t 

Ma le Siamese for breeding Seal or 
Choco lale POll'\. On ly after 6:00 pm. Lee 
284-4439 (11 126) 

RIde to Palo Alia area around Dec 6 andlor 
back around Dec 13 . WIll share dr & gas . 
Larrv 755-7347. II t 126) 

Mlclophone stand preferably cheap. Call 
Lew,. al 272.()170. keep trying. (1 t 126) 

• SERVICES 
Colleg,ate research alds·thousand s on Ide. 
Send $1 lor your 160 page ffi811 order calalog 
Research Asslslance. 11322 Idaho Ave H206 
Los Angeles. CA 90025. 21 :>-477.a474. 
11/19) 

People movers MOVing advice and 
assIstance. Very reasonable. Call Jell 272· 
3078. 111 126) 

THE WOOD DOVE-A gourmet Natural Foods 
Restauranl . recently opened in Solana 
Beach. 150 Acacia (Nexl 10 Another Bird) . 
Openll·11 . Dinnerlrom5-10. Special offer : 
Fruit Smoothie. 45 cents. Oct. 15-Nov. 15. 
Tel 755·5810. 

Are you adopted? Seeking natural parents7 
232-£610 or P.O. 33272 SO 92103. (117) 

PERSONALs 

Kate, Zalne, Sweet Jane' Well don't forget 
the lew good things.. The ocean breeze 
V G ·s. K·2 and lhe telephone tlngs It wasn't 
wasted time .. slppm gin and Irme and I don', 
mind what th ey say - you and I are on our way 
INorth!) 

Jorge. Zelle. Sal lv 

Happy Btrlhday Jeff Hagen! My dollar 
doesn't go as lar . but thIS year my love goes 
much fa rt tler

' 
XOX (1 1 /261 

Darling Carol Where IS the get well kiss you 
have promised? 
THE BIG GUY ( tt 126) 

Cary 
Some 01 my best Itlends are bats . Ihe resl are 
cuckoo s. But why dldn'l you tell me ,t wa s 
your birthday . I wou ld have gotten you a 
presen t. at least Have fun on your birthday 
Love Glll el (11/26) 

Eric M and Donn 0 _. We'lI never ea t or play 
basketball again - We'lI miss you CY and 
JN (11 / 26) 

LOST at fouNd 
LOST - Wire Irames In Men's Locker Room 

II vou have a lerm paper. dlssertalion. 11/20. Please call Solomon 452·9234. 
manuscript . etc. that needs to be typed or ' Sent lmentat value. 111/26) 
Iypeset (Camera-ready) I can do 11 . Call Sher 
27g.1418 Clairemont. (11/26) 

M,me and singing lessons by prolesslona l 
un,on member. Given at UCSO or N. County. 
Reasonable I 753-8109 . (11 126) 

Typ,st·accurale . prompt. professional . IBM . 
Xerox & delIVery avadable . Call Sandra 436-
4149 . Itt 126) 

Had you call 0 222· 1000 last w ell you'd be a 
nonsmoker now I tl /26) 

FOUND: Sliver necklace In Muir Five & Olme 
on Sunday night. Please call 45:>-9521 10 
idenilly. (tl 126) 

LOST Orange and whIte striped cal at t91h 
and Coasl. Del Mar. Please Call 755·3910 
(11 126) 

LOST •• Wlrelrame glasses in Men's Locker 
Room. 11/20. 10'00. Urgenl Please Call 
Solomon 452·9234 ( I t 126) 

Lost : Lady Selko WatCh on 11 /3 GIft Irom 
Fut accurat e typmg, 75 cenl s per page as 18. mom tn TaIwan. Please call Wendy X4185 or 
t 00 per page With correctIons Call Jane • 272-0123 (111261 
234·2296 days. 200·21145 evenings. (111211) 

GIV,ng a ride to SF· Berkeley leaving Gec. 10 
Call RObtn at 755·4137 fler Thanksgiving . (to ) 
Rloes oPen to tile "'Sl. le.vlng Dec. 7. Share I 
travel expenses. Contaot Rob .~.ale8 
eYenlnga (1 t 1211) 

I I II 'I I I 

Losl •• Bracelet - sentimenl.1 value - !ltown 
hl.hi WIth 3 turquoIse COlored Slones .. 
REWARD' Deb452·1057 (1t/2II) 

, , • I • • 

t .ll/tlllll II 1IIIIIIIIIIIIIItili 

wedDetday, November It, 1175 Page 13 

Records 

Jarrett Outtakes; Streetwalker Falls Flat 

TEIIMs OF ENDEARMENT 
By Larry McMurtry 

Simon" Sehuster, $9,95, no JIll. 
Larry McMurtry's latest novel is a bittersweet tale of three women's 

lives-three confused, emotionally fragile lives that we see redeemed by 
humor, warmth, compassion .. . " terms of endearment. " 

At.the ~entl;r of .the ~ovel, and of her own ego, is Aurora Greenway, a 
reslhent If agmg hbertme who at 49 has as many "suitors" as she did at 
20. _Qn the surface she is an improbabJy femme fatale-opinionated over-cr!tic~ I, self-indulgent, irrationa.I, -gluttonous-and yet her co~plete 
rejection of all that does not contribute to her own happiness is precisely 
what endears her to so many-including, by degrees, the reader. 

" I've never allowed myself to be resigned to anything that wasn 't 
delightful, " says Aurora in her usual frank way. 

A~r?ra's daughter, Emma, is quite the opposite-a passive, innocent, 
senSitive woman whose marriage to a graduate student in English 
litera ture looks doomed from the start. " You must make some changes," 
Aurora tells her, but Emma is Wlfortunately incapable of hurting anyone 
not even those who deserve it. ' 

A secondary story, that of Aurora's energetic maid Rosie deals with 
another lamentable marriage. Her husband Royce, after 15 lackluster 
ye~ rs, .takes ~p ~it~ a "slut" waitress, but after suspecting Rosie's own 
Infldehty he IS still Jealous enough to drive his potato chip delivery truck 
through the wall of a dance hall in one of the most brilliant comic scenes 
ever devised. 

Most of our interest, however, centers around the exuberant Mrs. 
Greenway. Like the Wife of Bath, Aurora likes to call the shots, and in 
matters of love she grants only what she thinks a man deserves . The fun 
is in watching those who would be deserving: 

Alberto-a passionate opera singer (retired ) who brings carloads of 
flowe rs , swears eternal love (ra ther too dramatically), and has long 
spells of melancholy which Aurora is hclpless to control. 

Trevor-a sensual seaman with impeccable taste in food (Aurora's 
consuming passion ), clothing and women, and whose fondest dream is to 
resume an affair that Aurora broke off mysteriously 30 years before. 

Edward Johnson-a milksop banker who is £lustered by Aurora's mere 
presence. 

General Hector Scott-who conducts love affairs in much the same way 
he conducts wars, with tireless precision. 

Vernon Dalhart-perhaps the most likeable, if unlikely , of the litter: an 
eccentric oil tyc<>?n who lives in a custom Lincoln, deals with the world by 
telephone f~om his car, and whose sole pleasure in life (before Aurora) 
was observmg the Houston rught from the roof of his 24-f1oor parking 
garage. 

L.arry Mcl\:1urtry's characters are like no others : their humor is part of 
the ir humamty. Their everyday dialogue crackles and their emotions-
loving and demanding love-attract (and deserv~ ) our undivided at-
~entlOn. "!~rms of Endearment" is funny and insightful, but, more 
Important, It IS so true . -JOHN BLOOM 

TWICE BonN: MEMOIl'tS OF AN ADOPTED DA UGHTEn 
By Betty Jean Lifton 

McGraw-Hill, $8.95, 281 pp. 
At the age of seven, Betty Jean Lifton's mother told her she was adopted 

and that both her "natural parents" were dead. Her father she was told 
ha.d died of "shell shock" during World War n, and her ~other died of 
grief shortly afterwards. 

Many years later, after an exhaustive search, Mrs. Lifton discovered 
that the only true part of the story was that she was adopted. Both her 
parents had been alive when she was seven, and eventually she met her 
"natural". mother and missed seeing her father by only seven months 
after he died at the age of 69. She was past forty then. Her book trates 
thiS long search for identity. 

By Steve Esmedloa 
Staff Writer 

" STREETWALKERS," the new 
album by ex-Family leaders Roger 
Chapman and Charley Whitney is a 
dishearteningly decent work. 
Taken for what it is, the album is 
good; certainly more rewarding 
than the recent vinyl sedatives 
from The Who, Eagles and Allman 
Brothers. Unfortunately, all 
through the album I kept hearing 
echoes of Family. I could discern 
things similar to their work, but 
nowhere near as eloquent or 
moving, and I have ended up 
feeling quite bitter about this 
basically good hard rock record. 

The trouble here is that Family 
was much more than a basically 
good hard rock band. With the 
exception of Roxy Music and the 
first edition of Traffic they stood 

Streetwalkers 
several heads above any other 
band in rock's short lifespan. They 
possessed elements almost foreign 
to today's slew of schlockmeisters : 
musical versatility, lyrical in-
telligence, and a notion of how to 
construct albums as total ex-
periences. Never pretentious, 
always gifted with cruel wit, they 
came up with five masterpieces in 
a TOW: " Doll's House," " Enter-
tainment," " Song For Me, " 
"Fearless," and " Bandstand ." 
Predictably, they were a bom!> in 
the States. 

"Streetwalkers" has most of the 
surface eccentricities of Family, 
and very little of the special genius 
that transformed those quirks into 
the most unique style in rock. 
Chapman's growling, snarling, 
banshee wail is amply evident as 
is Whitney's subtle and fluid guitar 
phrasing. There are also welcome 
flashes of morbid humor, such as 
the Keith Reid-ish lyrics of 
" Toenail Draggin':" 

In the United States, adoptees' records are sealed, and only now, 
through court act.lOn, are they being broken to allow "adopted adults" to I want a gang o'gamblers gathered 
fi nd out wh? their rc~1 parents were (or are, if they are s till alive .) round my coffin side 
Secrecy demes a constItutional right of the adoptee, says Mrs. Lifton. A crooked card in my hearse . 

She IS the author o~ many children's books, and at times her writing A game of blackjack played over 
becomes a shade sentunental. And she also has the annoying tendency to me 
make unsubstantiated generalizations about the adopted. ("I wasn't sure Let the winner ge t his just deserts 
I was ready for marriage. !think adopted people seldom are. ") But almost all of these resem-
. Whi le the book is short on l:\nalysis of the long-term consequences of blances to past works are solely 

disclosure (or acceptable methods for doing it,) it does successfully formal. Not one song on pres~nt the complicated issues involved. And Mrs. Lifton warns that a "Streetwalkers" conveys any of 
growlll be f d the terror, desperation, or naked 

g num r 0 a optees won' t rest until the system is changed. emotion of songs like " Drowned In 
-MARY ELSON Wine," " Between Blue And Me, " 

Your sIIoa ".,..." 
to tellpnason ........ 

Look at a pilir you've lived with for a while and you'll see two things. 
The heels have worn thin. , 
The soles have become comfortably curved. 
Your shoes are actually trying to become Roots·. 
Roots' slim heel and rocker sole are made for 
the way you were born to walk, which helps 
make them wildly comfortable . k 
And Roots are made in Toronto of top ·grain ' .... ___ -
Canadian leather. which helps make them 
beautiful. 
Listen to your shoes. Have a chat with your feet. 
Then come see us and try a pair o f Roots. 
You'll find them (in more than a dozen styles) ~ 
only in the Roots store. D ~~~"" .... 

...,..I,a. --.. - --(I} ·S.~ondlD,... n..,.-'_"""'_ID~­LaJoIIo - 1218 Proopecl S!NeI-(714)45<J 50«(1 
eo.. M.u - South eo..t PIN. - 333.1 B. 101 ~""' - 1714 1540. Ulb 

. ........ _, . LooAnploo - I0909K>nrovl'oJon ... 11 bCo<.k WI>! oIl11nt..aod 81ud I ·1 2131 4780101 
M.IIou ·31135 e"", e ... k Road lin lhe Mahbu eountry Ma~1 - (21)1 456 2444 
'-u..-- 2797 M~nd P"rkwoy 1511..". eny hopptng e..,t .. )-I 702)732 88Qj 

I , .. ' 
" 

"Blind," " Larf And Sing," or 
" Broken Nose." The material on 
the album consists of well-
executed macho rock : hard, 
haughty, gravelly, loud and lewd. 
There are hints of a soul influence 
in the rhythm chops of ex-Jeff Beck 
guitarist-vocalist Bob Tench. 

But nonetheless, " Street-
walkers" is only a good album, and 
" good" from musicians like 
Chapman and Whitney more apUy 
ca n be boiled down to " mediocre. " 

BACKHAND - KEITH JARRETT 
QUARTET. Impulse Records. 

At his best, Jarrett is like the 
great French director Robert 
Bresson : a dark, direct, intensely 
spiritual artist. At his worst, he is 
cleverly overbearing. " Back-
hand" finds him and his excellent 
quartet at their absolute worst. 

It is difficult to believe that this 
album' came from the same session 
that produced the magnificent 
"Dea th And The Flower. " It has 
none of that album's exalted 
suspension or aes thtic rigor. It 
wastes Dewey Redmna's 
exquisitely turbulent bass work for 
haphaza rd " jams." Jarrett 
himself is more boisterous and 
careless than he has ever been 
both as a soloist and as a com: 
poser. 

The most charitable explana tion 
for this album's failure would be to 
surmise that it consists of outtakes. 

THE GENTLE SIDE OF JOHN 
COLTRANE -JOHN COLTRANE. 
Impulse Records. 

The album's wistful title implies 
that the " gentle side" of Coltrane 
was a secret. But his music never 
made the distinction. He was 
alternately beatific and primitive. 
T.he moment to moment probing of 
his saxophone playing ; the pain 
and pleasure attack, the richly 
evocative slang, were always 
counterbalanced by his meditative 
demeanor. This album while filled 
with lush, beautiful ballad work 
removes the comprehensive scop~ 
Concert Scene 

of Coltrane's music and substitutes 
it with an arbitrary, narrowed 
"Side." It 's all a lovely lie. 

BRASS FEVER. Impulse. 

A specialty record for those 
longing for a trombone work-out. 
There are a number of excellent 
musicians on this album such as 
trombonists Kai Winding and 
Garnett Brown, and guitarist Lee 
Ritenour. But it 's a standoff work. 
It doesn't have any urgent reason 
to exist other than to provide a 
forum for good trombonists. That 
in itself might have constituted a 
reason if the album were more 
than a deft commercial project. 
The most interesting thing about 
" Brass Fever" is that it reveals 
how Impulse is becoming a slick 
cousin to CTI. Now that Arista has 
become the new home for avant-
garde jazz, I suppose it's Impulse's 
only recourse . 

FAREWELL MY LOVELY . 
Soundtrack. A vco. 

Di~k Richard's loving, pain-
sta kingly exact reproduction of the 
film noir atmosphere was acute 
right down to the music The 

Keith Jarre" 
theme is a haunting, quavery blues 
ballad with searing trombone 
soloes from Roswell Rudd and 
mellismatic soprano sax soloes 
from Perry Robinson. David 
Shir~'s score unfolds into wildly 
passIOnate theme-and-variation 
forays from his two main soloists. 

Devetzi Thrills La J ollans 
by Daniel Shawler and 

Shauna Stokes 

A~~reciative La Jollans Saturday responded to Vasso Devetzi 's piano 
recital with five curtain calls. Yells of " bravo" and "more" filled the air 
as smiling Devetzi acknowledged the audience. 

A person who heard only the first five minutes of the recital would 
wonder what the commotion was about, because Devetzi began poorly. 
She soon warmed up, though, giving everyone what they expected to 
hear, and more. 

Beginning the recital with Franz Schubert's "Sonata in B-Flat Major 
D. 960,': ~vetzi showed little talent. Her rhythmic control was terribl~. 
ImpreCIsIOn saturated the work, especially in the Allegro rna non troppo 
where the temp was too fast for her technique. The dynamics of the ork , 
though, were excellent, particularly the auditory contrasts. 

The Mozart "Sonata in A minor, K. 310" was much better rhythmically. 
AI.th.ough It was ~ot perfect , the imprecision was at least kept to a 
minimum so that It was not distracting from the piece. The light, brisk 

to~ch that belongs to Mozart was well played, making both the first and 
third movements successful. 

The quality that made this, and the other pieces, so exceptional was 
Devetzi's emotional control over her piano. Very few pianists can emote 
the ~ay Devetzi did last Saturday. Because her style is gea red to such 
musIc ~s the slow movements of the Schubert and Mozart Sonatas, the 
soft lYrical passages were extremely moving. 

Mozart's " yariations on a Minuet by Duport, K. j73" was interpreted 
very unclasslcally. Although some purists might have winced at the 
performance, t~e effect was not intolerable. In fact , the excess dynamic 
proved to be enjoyable. 

Th.e two ~hopin ImpromJ>~us (in F-sharp and -[at) provided an ex-
ceptional display of .oevetzl s s.howmanship. The 3 ' t scalure passages 
d lighted everyone 10 the audience, and the dyr mic contrasts were 
superb. 

The bigge t hit of the recital, though, was the final Chopin 's "Scherzo 
No. 3 in -sharp minor, Op. 39." The grandiose Of".MIv ' w nI r 1.0 
hear. When alte~nated with the soft passages. they resulted in great 
tension and emotional unrest that was not resolved until the end of the 
work . 

Devetzi's one cncore was not enough for uch a fine performance. Sh 
proved herself worthy of the critical acclaim that pr ded her. 
Ho~fully, San Diego will continue to play host to more musicians of her 
caliber. 

J 



...... 

The second ~eration is here. 
HeUTIett-Packards newest calculators 

Dlake uncoDlprolllising Christnms gifts. 

Especially when you'rc on the receiving end . 
One of our sccond generation calculators can save you 

countlcss hours and errors en route to your diploma and 
on the job thercafter. Each offers problcm-solv i n~ tech-
nology you probably won't fi nd on competitivc calculators 
(or ycars to come, if ever. 

New low price. 
HP-21 ScientifiCy 
$100.00:'. 

T hc H P-2 ! makes short wo rk of the technical calcula. 
tions evcn so·ca lled " non-tcchnical" courscs requi re today. 
It performs all a rithmetic, l o~ ancl trig calculations auto· 
ma tica lly . It 's also thc only calculator at its price that offers 
full d isplay formatting: you can choose betwcen fixed deci· 
mal and scientific notation. 

If you need a calculato r that docs more than simple 
arithmet ic, this is it-especially at its ncw, just. in-t imc.for 
Christmas price. 

New 
HP-22 Business Management, 
$165.00·. 

T he I- IP·22 takcs the starch out of the calculations you 
facc in business courscs today, in managemcnt tomorrow. 
You can solvc mo t time ·valuc.of·money problems in ~(!c­
onds. You can breeze through business math calculations 

( I o~s, roots, %5, etc.) . And , most important, you an .use 
the lIP-22's statistica l fun ctions to build cxistinf! data Into 
morc reliable forccasts. No other calcula tor at any price 
offer. you a comparable combination of fi nancia l, math 
and st:l t capabilities. 

New 
HP-25 Scientific Programmable, 
$195.00*. 

Our r IP·25 docs everythin g our I IP·2 1 can do - and 
much, much morc. It 's prog rammablc, which means it can 
solve alltotll~ tically thc countlcss repetitive probletm every 
science and en" ineerin" student faccs. With an II P-25, 

" <-you cn ter the kcystrokcs nccessary to solve a repetit ive 
problem only once. Thercafter, you just enter the variablcs 
and prcss thc Run/Stop kcy (or an almost in <; tant an wer 
accura tc to 10 dif! its. YOll ~ain time, prccision, flc xibility. 

All three offcr you HP's effi cient RPN logic system that 
cuts kcystrokcs and scratch pads. All thrce arc easy to 
usc (e.g., thc r IP·25 rcquircs no pri or program mi n!( 
experience) . 

And all three arc almost ccrtainly on display at your 
bookstore. ** Test them. Choose yours . Thcn drop a subtlc 
hint to someonc who doesn't know what to get you (or 
Christmas. Such as mailing thcm a brochure . 

HEWLETT~PACKARD 
Sales and service from 172 offi ces in 65 countries. 

Dert. 65SD, 19310 Pruncridge Avenue, Cupertino, CA 9501-1 

wedllelday. NOYeIIIIIer'II, 1175 • rt.nll .IIII('S Page 15 
London, Ohrenscall, Ohanian Head Upset oFFENSivE By RoD Kalo aDd Paul Wagner 

Undeniably the underdogs of the 
I6-team' post-season playoffs, the 
Fogs came on strong to defeat 
Beryl St. in two straight games 
Mondav night for the tbree-man 
basketball champiOnship. 

The all freshman team, led by 
the scoring of Mark Ohrenscall and 
Terry London, and the rebounding 
of captain Lee Ohimian went un-
defeated in playoff competition 
running a strirW of eight con-
secutive victories. The Fogs came 
in with a 7-5 regular season record, 
the lowest in the playoffs. 

Off to a slow start, the Fogs feU 
behind 5-0 before Ohrenscall 
scored three straight baskets to 
close the margin. Before the Fogs 
could score again, Beryl's Andy 
Opfell and Harold Scott scored to 
open up a six point margin. At this 
point, the Beryls seemed fatigued 
C rom their ea rlier semi-finals 
match, and were outshot and 
outrebounded as London connected 
on three quick field goals. Hustling 
on the boards and dominating the 
latter haH of the game, the Fogs 
were not pressed for the fina), game 
wiMing tallies. 

In game two, Steve Morlock of 
the Beryls was consistently on 
target with his outside jumpers, 
and helped his team overcome an 
early three point deficit to close 
within one of the Fogs. Beryl's 
Dennis Meagher then tied up the 
game at six apiece with his 1z..foot 
jump shot. 

Turnovers proved costly for the 
Beryls, as the Fogs capitalized on 
mistakes. Playing viriually un-
contested for the remainder of the 
game, it was the Fogs woo rallied 
for six straight scores and 
championship of the playoffs. 

Waterpolo 
In the innertube waterpolo 

championships, a rematch of last 
year's final was inevitable. The 
Underwater Cheapshots captained 
by Jeff Wustman were again 
victorious over the Waterbuffaloes 
as they defended their title for the 
sixth consecutive quarter, this 
time 22·9. 

Cheapshot's goalie Jeff Wust-
man yielded only one first quarter 
goal, with less than a minute left to 
Bill Sta II rup. Meanwhile, the 
Cheapshots scored four goals off 
Waterbuffaloes goalie Mike Arnall, 

Laetrile ... 
nosed in their evaluation of 
evidence positive to Laetrile would 
pay the Slightest heed to the 
clinical portion of the 1953 study, 
which one would expect an im-
becile child to see was defective. 
(Inasmuch as amygdalin has had 
to endure advocacy by Krebs, it is 
reasonably c ricket to point out that 
Drs. MacDonald and Garland, the 
authors of the '53 study, also sought 
to dIscredit data linking cigarette 
smoking with lung cancer.) 

The FDA counters with the claim 
that there is no evidence tha t 
amygdalin does have value. 
Simullaneously it refuses to allow 
any clinical testing to be carried 
out. 

The McNaughton Foundation 
Undertook the advocacy of 
amygdalin out of humani-
tarianism. Since amygdalin is a 
natUral product (Isolated from 

~lural sources, such as apricot 
PIts,) it cannot be patented. The 
McNaughton Foundation could 
have made no more money selling 
amygdalin than by seUing aspirin. 
Nevertheless it spent hundreda of 
thousands of dollars on ex-
periments to accumulate hundreds 
of pages of evidence teslifyilw to 
amygdalin's non-toxicity and 
readily demonstrable efficacy In 
Wal:ker 256 carcinOl8n:oma, It was <k:~ed penniaion to conduct ~lm.teal triaJa becaWle _y pr_ 
Judiced FDA offldala found lOme 

~~otted "i 'S"and unCl'Olled "t's" 
In Its presentation and beeauae the U~ mail durina a'particullr week 

- Cea ..... hplf ... __ . 

and led at the end of the quarter by 
the score of 4-1. 

With John Graves enhancing the 
Cheapshots! lead with two goals 
early in the second stanza, the 
Waterbuffaloes rallied for two 
points of their own with the goal of 
Janice Beglan. Waterbuffaloe's 
Hal Handley missed the op-
portunity to close the margin to 
just two goals when his shot went 
wide of the WUlttended Cheapshot's 
goal. Duncan scored once more for 
the O1eapshota as the score at Ialf 
closed at 7-3. 

The third quarter was a person 
battle as Cheapshot's Duncan 
scored five goals and Water-
buffaloes Handley COWltered with 
three. Toby DeLong of the 
Cheapsbots was the only other 
scorer in the period as the overall 
count skyrocketed to 14-7. 

Bebind the defensive efforts of 
Lisa Carpenter, Anne KnaPP and 
the new goalie Mike Tom, the 
Cheapshots held the Water-
buffaloes to only two goals while 
tallying eigta behind the scoring of 
Wustman, Duncan and Val Car-
deiro in the final period. The 
Cheapshots, undefeated 
throughout the regular and post-
season competition, again 
established themselves as the 
perenial powers in innertube 
waterpolo play. 

Floor Hockey 
After ten weeks of tough and 

competitive play, the floor hockey 
season entered the playoffs last 
Sunday. In the preliminary rounds 
of co-ed play EI Chunko defeated 
BrOO6i 6-2, and What the Puck had 
little trouble in disposing of Royal 
Hippodrome 13-3. The men's 
league featured Ughter play and 
closer games as Orrgy tipped 
Vermin 5-3, and in the longest 
game eve, played in floor hockey, 
What the Puck edged by LitUe 
Green Bags 2-1 in four overtimes. 

Last night in the final round of 
play What the Puck defeated EI 
Chunko 11-5 to win the co-ed 
championship. In the battle for the 
men's tiUe, Orrgy (some ap.-
propriate word),What the Puck 4-3. 

OtberSpons 
Tippecanoe, the 7-3 second place 

finishers of the Blue Hawaiian 
League, won the intramural 
volleyball championships Sunday 
afternoon. The team, captained by 
Phil Bowles, included Jeff Gorell, 
the former UCSD men's volleyball 
star. 

The intramural football finals 
have been rescheduled for Monday 
afternoon. Mulch will meet The 
Sons of Ellen Browning in the 
men's game, and El Chunko plays 
Prehensil Wangers in the coed 
match. 

Basketball Tourney Here, 
UCSD I nvitational Friday 

The Triton basketball squad will 
host the school's biggest tour-
nament of the year, the UCSD 

a.sketb.1I Co.ell Barry 
(unnlftgha .. (n photo: Paul 
jarvis) 

Invitational, Friday and Saturday 
night in the main gym. 

NAIA District 3 Southern 
Division champion USIU, Pomona, 
and Chapman are the other 
competitors. UCSD coach Barry 
Cumingham sees USIU as the 
tourney favorite , and Chapman 
also as a " solid team." Pomona 
has had some early season injuries 
and transfers, and doesn't figure to 
be strong. 

The Tritons, who open play 
Friday at 8:30 against Pomona, 
looked impress ive in recent 
scrimmages against Mesa College 
and Camp Pendleton. Because 
forward Lee Brockett might be 
ineligible for the team's first three 
games, Tony Moore is expected to 
start at forward , with Ken Melvin 
taking his spot at guard. 

The , Chapman-USIU match 
precedes the UCSD game at 6:30. 
Saturday night's champlOnshfp 
games pits the two winners at8:30, 
after the consolation battle bet-
ween the losers at6 :3O. 

Ju.." (' .. c~r. 

by Scott Sadil 
Pool Hall Blues 

When they put the pool tables in an icl' cream parlor I knew that 
another UC San Diego athletic program was doomed for destruction. 

Just because colleges do not field intercollegidte billiards teams does 
not mean that this school has to treat pool players like second-rate jocks. 
They have as much right to an appropriate piace of competition as any 
other athletes. Or at least golfers. 

But no, pool shooters here are forced to practice their art in a clean, 
well-lit room shared with a bunch of book-toting cone-lickers. You call 
that an appropriate place of competition? Son of an eight-ball ! Who can 
shoot decellt pool under those sterile cooditions. Lower those lights. Light 
up some cigarettes to get some smoke in the air. Drop a few racing forms 
on the floor. Recruit a pock-faced bookie to leer out from a dark comer. 
And give him a bottle of Rot-gut. At least bring in a jarhead or two. 

And, in the interest of promoting authentic pool playing, open the place 
up at night. Especially Saturdays. Where I come from very few good pool 
shooters can play when the sun is out, much less before 10 :00. It has to do 
with the eyes, you see. And a pool hall that is closed on Saturday nights is 
absurd. Would you close a church on Sunday? A temple on Saturday? A 
Denny's ever? 

I bet this malicious debasement of this noble sport has something to do 
with the aura of gambling that surrounds it. It is probably the same 
reason horse racing, jai-lai, and bingo have yet to become college sports. 

So, we have a place where the only money that passes hands goes 
towards a date crunch. Never for a scratch on the eight ball. Ain't no poor 
pool shootin' fool gonna hustle his way through this school. 

The quality of play has to suffer within the confines of these noxious 
conditions. The fact that eight-baU is practically the only game played at 
the Ice Cream Hustler attests. to the present degenerative state of the 
competition there. Occassiooally even I can win in that luck-filled game. 
What ever happened to straight pool? I mean the game, not the players. 
Differentiating between solids and stripes is for war, not pool. 

And w.here are your proverbial pool sharks? Sure, there are some guys 
around that show up looking like they want the lead in "Jaws II." but 
most of them actually shoot pool like limp-finned gharabaldi. 

Things are so bad that you can't even get a table to practice by yourself, 
ala Paul Newman. Why, take the other day for instance. There I was, 
working alone on my long straight-in shots. You know, the easy ones. You 
can have your three-cushion banks and you r Masse sbots. You have to 
make the simple ones fi rst to be a winner. So I was using only the cue ball 
and another ball as a means to fully concentrate 01\ each practice shot. 
Next thing I know some woman is standing by my table asking if she can 
play with me. Well, everyone knows that nobody disrupts Paul Newman 
when he is practicing alone. Especially a woman. So I tried to get rid of 
her by pointing to the table and saying, "Sorry, I only have two. balls. " 

"That 's better than only one," she said. 
Damn! What could I say to that? I had to let her join me. What is worse, 

not only did I lose my practice time, but she ended up beat ing, as they 
say, the pants off of me. 

Isn 't anything sacred anymore? 
What the heck. I can't do anything. The pool players at UCSD are just 

going to have to make the most out of this unfortunate situation. It just 
bothers me that someone would go to all the trouble of setting up these 
pool tables, only to do so in such a totally discordant environment. I guess 
it's that old pool hall adage being played out once again . 

I think it goes " You can 't have your cue and stroke it too." something 
like that . 

Beachwear & Casual clothing 
Complete line of Skateboards & Accessories 

New & Used Surfboards & Kneeboards 
orders available n Wetsuits in all sizes 
SONSHINE~SURF SHOP 

Ie SI . in Ocean Beach ' 222. 1438 

1'"0.( ~ .. M... n.tlat M., (6 t{ecL t{-',- s ~ c.. 
(~.15~~ 

A.t.~ 
~('Q(( !..M 

J 



Pap 1. 

painter, a he held for 
over 50 years till retirement in 
1958. 
. He was finall:' caught by the 

Russian secret police in 1911 with 
some censored Ixlok. However, the 
warden's wife at the Vilna prison 
was a member of Kerensky's party 
and arranged for Schaffer 's 
escape. 

Statue of Uberty 
After passing within sight of the 

Statue of Liberty, Schaffer landed 
at Baltimore and arrived in his 
home, for the next 33 years, 
Cleveland, on his birthday in 1912. 
The next day Shaffer joined the 
painter's union. 

He quickly became active in that 
labor union's politics. With the 
exception of a two year stint in the 
anny during World War I, where 
he received his American 
citizenship in 1919, Schaffer 
remained active in the painter's 
union until his retirement in 1958. 

Schaffer says,however, " that I 
was always a member of the rank 
and file ; I was never an officer. " 

As his wife, whom he married in 
1921, served tea and "ethnic 
cookies," Schaffer outlined his 
struggle for labor rights. He 
quickly spinned off a series of 
names and events from the in-
creasingly remotel920) and 1930's, 

- " Samual Gompers (founder of 
the American F edera tion of 
Labor) was one of the greatest 
reactionaries in the history of the 
labor movement." -
-"I knew Robert Taft's" (the 

noted Ohio Senator) wife cind she 
helped us institute labor laws in 
Ohio with her husband's support. 
-"I supported Bob LaFollette 

(Progressive Senator and 
Presidential Candidate) in 1924 
because we knew the Democrat 
(Charles Davis) was not a friend of 
labor. " 

- " I worked secretly as an un-
dercover agent to end communist 
influence in our union and up until 
1950 the FBI still thought I was a 
communist. " 

Sociali t Background 
Schaffer, despite his socialist 

background and his 1924 support 
for progressive Ropert LaFollette, 
has been a lifetime member of the 

Democratic party, " I only voted 
for a Republican once in my life 
and that was a judge that I had 
gone to night school with and who 
had a good record on labor," sand 
Schaffer. 

During the 1920's and 1930's 
Schaffer appeared before the Ohio 
legislature as a lobbyist for his 
union. He is especially proud of his 
participation in the founding of the 
Congress of Industrial 
Organizations (CIO) back in the 
'3Os. Schaffer also claimed he was 
instrumental in founding the 
teachers union in Ohio. 

After working many years for 
the Board of Education in 
Cleveland as a painter-his only 
contacts with formal education in 
this country were some night 
classes in Labor Journalism and 
Public speaking at Case Western 
Reserve University~chaffer was 
sent to Pensacola during World 
War II to work for civil service. 
When the war was over Schaffer 
moved to San Diego 

American Mafia Gaagster 
Outspoken on almost every 

conceivable subject, Schaffer was 
particularly upset over the recent 
anti-Zionism Resolution in the 
United Nations. Schaffer has a son 
living in Israel and visited there in 
1964. He compared Yassir Arafat, 
leader of Palestine Liberation 
Organization, to an " American 
Mafia Gangster." 

While he loves the United States 
as much as he dislikes Com-
munism- when he landed in the 
United States in 1912 he kissed the 
ground and has said that he never 
wants to visit Russia again-
Schaffer is an outspoken critic of 
the current economic and political 
system. " I don't believe in Com-
munism but I don't believe in 
poverty," said Schaffer. " Poverty 
should be eliminated in our 
country." 

His favorite political leaders are 
Congresswoman Bella Abzug and 
Senator Edmund Muskie. He has 
an intense dislike for Richard 
Nixon and President Ford. 

Since he retired in 1958, Schaffer 
has been an active author, having 
written a novel, numerous short 
stories and several essays. 

.. t 
-

GREA T CHINESE FOOD 

IN LA JOLLA 

DINING / CA TERING / TAKE -OUT ORDERS 
10% DISCOUNT FOR UCSD STUDENTS ON MONDAYS 

2240 A VENIDA DE LA PLA YA PH 454-2311 

• n.« ... 11nl'8 "eat." NwetUer II, It7S 

UC President Saxon, light on hit face, wad .. through deftlOn.trafon (n photo: Dan 10 ... ) 

Senate ... 
of whom swarmed over a police 
car behind the hall to keep Saxon 
from entering it. 

Saxon's Choice 
However, Hugh French of the 

UCSD police said there was no 
attempt to put Saxon in the car 
outside 2622. " It was his (Saxon's) 
choice to walk the whole way with 
the students," said French. 

French, when asked if he thought 
there was ever any physicaf 
danger to Saxon, said " It's hard to 
tell, but I didn't feel the mob in 
general had any intent toward 
violence. " 

The group was arranged with the 
President in the center, 
surrounded by plainclothes and 
uniformed UC police and student 
affairs office administrators. One 
reported there were " people 
pushing from the front and from 
the back," and others trying to 
block the path to Matthews. 

Several students fell during the 
trip, and some of those protecting 
Saxon were seen pushing 
protestors away from the 
President as they tried to approach 
him. 

Chancellor McElroy said both he 
and Saxon ~ere shoved and 
jostled. 

For most of the 20-minute walk, 
the President talked with 
protestors and observers. These 
discussions, carried on in loud 
voices so they could be heard over 
the shouting, centered on.cIA in-

Laetrile ... 
was not any more prompt that it 
usually is. And that is where 
matters have stood since 1970. 

If the regulatory agenci es 
continuc to suppress amygdalin's 
clinical testing, and continue to 
perpetrate a dogma for which they 
have no evidence, one of the 
primary results will be that more 
and more bewildered cancer 
patients will reject orthodox 
medicine altogether and perhaps 
die as a result. 

Or, just possibly, some of them 
might live because they will get the 
amygdalin that the cancer 
bureaucracy has denied them. 

(The writing of this article has 
been made possible by my friend 
and colleagije Gary Hahn, who by 
his untiringly enthusiastic efforts 
has built a unique collection of 
original resource materials on 
Laetrile, and who first acquainted 
me with this fascinating and 
maddening topic. Readers wishing 
further references for stat ments 
made in this article should contact 
Mark McCarty or Gary Hahn, both 
s cond-year · medical stud nts at 
U S School of Medicine.) 

• 

Errata 

In th prcvious InstaJlm 'nt of 
thiS article, a scntence on page 
foul' r ferring to the Me aughton-
Sind data should r ad: Note that 
th' s urvival time of v r y 
am 'gdalin treated animal was 
longe r than that of every cootrol 
ani mal.. .. 

n pag five , in r f('rt'nc to th 
Data of Rcitnau r . a phras should 
['pad ' I p is I s than ,05 by th 1-
ll'~ I 

volvement and Saxon's role in 
allowing or disallowing it. 

He told at least two observers he 
didn't believe in what he called 
" mob rule." 

Grappling witb Protestors 
At one point, students gathered 

at the east end of the bridge from 
Revelle to Matthews, and ad-
ministrators and police were seen 
grappling with protestors to force a 
hole for Saxon to pass thro~h. 

When the crowd reached Mat-
thews, it surrounded the UC police 
car Saxon was to take off campus. 
After several moments, police 
forced enough room to allow 
Saxon in. 

Before the driver pulled away, 
protestors pushed on the car while 
others kicked at its doors and 
windows. 

At various points during the 
walk, protestors spat at Saxon. 
Also, an individual reportedly 
pulled the gun from the holster of 

. one UC policeman and threw it to ' 
the ground. 

No one was reported injured 
during the walk. 

Meanwhile, the Academic 
Senate, which convened with about 
100 teachers, along with 30 ob-
servers, met for about 15 minutes, 
in an atmosphere of confrontation, 
and, for some, confusion. 

Chl!irman Sheldon Schultz, over 
the shouted protests of several 

members, asked for and received 
Senate sanction to express the 
Senate's feeling " that it is un-
fortunate the president cannot stay 
ona campus (of UC) without 
physically threatened." 

Though no official count was 
taken, it seemed from the voice 
vote that most of the Senate 
members favored the message. 

Schultz then adjourned the 
meeting. 

"AU tbe Same" 
Afterwards, one student affairs 

official said the protestors' action 
was an " abbrogation of freedom of 
speech. 

" It's all the same, whether it's 
what the CIA does, or what went on 
this afternoon." 

McElroy, reached late yesterday 
afternoon, said he found the af-
ternoon's events " a little 
disgusting. " 

" If you want to talk to the 
Pre~ident, talk to him; there's no 
excuse for people interrupting 
those who wanted answers. " 

McElroy said he thought it was 
bad judgement to hold the meeting 
with students and staff outside, 
where an atmosphere of con-
frontation could grow more easily. 

He added he thought ScnfJR 
"wouldn't come back" to u(,;.Sl:J In 
the near future, although he said 
the President had 
not so indicated directly. 

Saxon Says ... 
Saxon said that during budget 

meetings he had argued for 
allocations that would permit a 
40 : 1 student-TA ratio. He blamed 
Gov. Brown for not permitting the 
move towards parity among the 
student-TA ratios at the different 
UC campuses. He mentioned that 
he would not cut programs at UC 
Berkeley or UCLA to bring this 
parity. Responding to a question 
from GSU representative Dan 
Rosen on why he asked for only 103 
additional TAs for UCSD instead of 
158 requested by the GSU, Saxon 
responded that the GSU's request 
was unrealistic. Saxon said he 
plans to ask the Legislature for an 
augmentation to the budget, when 
the Legislature is back in session. 

Saxon commented that he has 
been a supporter of fee and tuition 
waivers for advanced candidacy 
graduate students; he said he 
hadn't received an analysis of the 
problem yet. 

-Exploiting Affirmative Actioo 
A representative for Mecha said 

that UC is exploiting the Affir-
mative Action program. She 
mentioned that UC hadn 't 
acknowledged the Chicano Task 
Force report. She said that Saxon 
had misrepresented the Affir-
mative Action problem, in his 
statement that the problem i'1 
implementing Affirmative Action 
is finding quality students. Saxon 
said that UC is presently trying to 
impl ment the Chicano Task Force 
and Affirmativ Action reports. He 
said that UC has had a poor r cord 
in the recruitment of minority 
stud nts. Saxon repeated that it is 
hard to find qualified students for 
Affirmative Action programs 
though he said that U seeks to 
educat all qualifi d students. 

Wh n Jim LeBr cht of the 
Disabled Students Union ask d 
what I being done to improve 

conditions for disabled students, 
Saxon replied, "you've raised a 
new question." Lebrecht told 
Saxon he found it hard to believe 
that the president of UC wasn't 
familiar with the problems of 
disabled students ; Saxon said. 
"I'm not giving you rhetoric: don 't 
you know ignorance from 
rhetoric? " 

Saxon said that since 
registration fees are overextended, 
UC has three choices: to get more 
money from the Legislature, 
raising fees or cut programs. He 
believes that reducing the 
education fee and raising the 
registration fee would be a 
p.ossibility for relieving the 
problem. 

Full Spectrum 
Addressing the question of 

whether Brown could mandate 
collective bargaining for UC 
employees, Saxon replied that the 
governor could' not initiate 
collective bargaining by hims If. 
" It would take legislation of a 
special kind to allow collective 
bargaining. At present the 
University is considering the full 
spectrum of collective 
bargaining," he said. 

Forty-five minutes before the 
session, the anti-CIA coalition held 
a rally in Revell plaza that was 
attended by 150 students. Speakers 
compared the CIA's presenc on 
campus to the military's attempts 
to recruit students on campUS 
during the Vietnam War . . A 
spokesman for the coalition aid 
that by allowing the CIA 00 
ampus, the University is a "tool of 

the existing repressive apparatus 
of. the state." Leaders of the rally 
an nounced plans to demonstrate at 
the e sion to show the urgency for 
action. As the session began, the 
demonstrators marched towards 
the gym steps. 


