
Vice-chancellor Paul Saltman at AS meeting Tuesday . 

Resolution Referred 
to AS Committee 

by John H. Taylor 
Editor-in-Chief 

A resolution calling for more fair distribution of funds among UC's 
eIght general campuses has been referred to the UC San Diego 
Academic Senate (AS) executive policy committee. 

The resolution gained support at a Tuesday AS meeting when Vice-
chancellor for Academic Affairs Paul Saltman said UCSD faces a 
student-tooT A ratio of at least 54-to-one next year, compared with 40-
to-one ratios at UC Los Angeles and UC Berkeley . Saltman said the 
UCSD ratio could go even higher if 1975-76 overenrollment here is 
more than the projected level of 250 students . 

At the same meeting, the AS voted to amend UCSD's policy for 
repeating 0 and F grades, which had been declared inconsistent with 
Universi ty-wide policy. 

"C~pricious" 
At one point, the TA allocations, made by Loren M . Furtado, UC 

assis tant vice-president for budget, and Chester O . McCorckel , UC 
vice-president, were called " capriciOUS and incompetent" by faculty 
members allowing the gaps between the UCSD ratio and those at UCB 
and UCLA. 

According to Saltman, UCSD was budgeted this year for a ratio of 
53-to-one, but said that with the aid of additional state monies and 
other resources the ratio was maintained at 38-to-one. 

Continued on P~ge 7 

Funds to Be Diverted 

Work Action Halted 
The literature department teaching assistants, satisfied their 

demands have been partially met, have apparently halted the work 
action they ca lled last month . However, the Triton Times has learned 
that funds used to create work for the graduate tud nts next year are 
to be d,verted from the work study program . 

Th grad tudents' demands included gaining spring quarter em-
ployment for all grad students wanting it, written contracts, and year-
long contracts for next year. According to a Literature grad student 
contacted by the Triton Tim s, who proclaimed the developments " a 
victory," the first two conditions have been met and the Literature 
department is working on the third . 

Originally, in February, the literature grad students were informed 
that on ly 66 T A positions were available, although an stimated 89 
grad students needed work, and the literature department's policy of 
trying to in ure 50 percent financial support for all the grad students 
requiri ng it. 

Gr~d5 Fortun~te 
In fact, the grad students were told they should consider themselves 

fortunate to get the 66 positions, as the literature department had 
spent all its TA funds in the first two Quarters, according to literature 
grad students contacted . But, Literature Dep~rtment chairman Joseph 
Somm ~rs aid that while the literature department had spent a ub-
tantial portion of their funds, (\yith aid from the Lingui tics , 

Humanities and Writing programs that use literature T A ), they had 
managed to fund positions for all grad student n ding It 

However, omrnt'rs told the Triton T,mes that $200,000 
of work study fund will be u ed tor graduate student finanCIal ~lIpport 
ne t year omm('rS saId he was told by V, e-Chancpllor 01 tlld!'nt 
Affair Gporgp Murphy that thl was lega l, th<lt ,til thf' othN l l( 
campu ) do it and that th money will bl' I<'pald 

Continued on PaRe 7 

Hitch on Master Plan: 
" . .. Enormously Effective Framew~rk. " 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

Speaking at UC's Charter Day 
Ce lebration in Los Angeles 
yest rday, outgoing UC President 
Charles J. Hitch def nded the 
state master plan for hIgher 
edu ation and the autonomy of 
the University from state officials . 

Comi ng on the heels of recent 
attacks by Governor Brown on 
th University and its academic 
plan, Hitch ca lled the Master Plan 
for Higher Education " an 

normously effective structural 
framework ." 

The governor has called the 
University's academic plan and 
the master plan meaningless 
documents that don't say 
anything. 

Hitch sa id two separate groups 
have recently spent three years 
each in investigating the plan . 
"The logic and sheer rationality of 
the master plan carried the day 
and its major provisions were 
reaffirmed ,1I Hitch said . 

Laudable Expect~tions 
Although H itch said the 

University is " an integral part of 
our surrounding society," he 
warned that it cannot be ex-
pected to erase the mistakes of 
society by itself . Though it is 
laudable for the University to be 
expected to solve these problems 
with its programs, "i t cannot be 
translated into reality without 
compromising - perhaps even 
abandoning - the principle of 
merit on which our academic 
community is based ." 

Hitch said the state of 
California is the chief outside 
influence on the University, but 
" the state in recent years has 
become much more intru5ive in 
the affairs of the University and 
threatens in some areas to disrupt 
the fragile ecology of our 
community ." He said no one 
should argue that the University 
isn't a creature of the state. 

Worried About Voution~li5m 
Included in the many reasons 

as to why public interference has 
increased in the University, Hitch 
cited " the political fallout from 
the years of student unrest, and of 
course, the money squeeze." 

The retiring President said that 

UC President Charles J. Hitch at MandeVIlle opening . 
society is encouraging the trend 
towards vocationalism in Uc. 
According to Hitch, this trend "is 
threatening to impose an external 
mission on the University . 
Though he favors the University 
providing guidance and courses 
to assist students in their career 
aspirations, he does not believe 
such to be the primary mission of 
the UC system . "There still would 
be a critical need for a University 
of Californ ia, even if job markets 
didn't exist." 

Hitch believes the University 
can only solve its dilemma of 
serving the public needs and 
searching for the truth by ex-
celling at its missions of teaching, 
research , and public service. The 
University , Hitch says , " is 

charged with producing the best-
the most productive researchers , 
the most sophisticated 
technologists: the most humane 
leadership and we cannot do thIS 
without establishing and 
maintaining standards of ex-
cellence, without being selective 
in employment and promotions 
and in admissions " 

I n concluding his speech to the 
Charter Day audience at UCLA, 
President Hitch , in keeping with 
the "Missions Impossible" theme 
of his talk , said, " I have been 
president of thIS pendid in-
stitution for too long ever to 
underestimate our joint 
capabilities . When It is basic to 
our purposes , no mIssion is 
impossible." 

President Ford 
"Optimistic" on Vietnam 

by M~," St~dler 
Community Editor 

President Gerald Ford said 
yesterday in San Diego the 55,000 
Am erican troops killed in 
Vietnam will have died In vain if 
the United States fads to fulfill a 
provision of th Pari Peace 
Agre ment dealing with mil,tary 
aid to outh Vietnam Ford was 
making his first 10 al VI it a 
Pre ident. 

Although Ford refused to pia e 
direct blame on th (ongr s for 
current dev lopm nt In let-
nam, he was definItely pointing a 
finger at Capi tol Hili when h ~a ld 
he wa " fru trated" by ongre s' 
refu al to grant further 
"humanitarian " and military aid 
10 outh VIetnam 

"Optimistic" 

In other remarks r ord tat('d 
that although he I ,tIll 'op-
tlml'itl " about thE' \/tuatlOI1 In 

I('tnam, thE' " a '''tlng In 
(' a uatlng refugeE" from that 
(ollntlY Ht> al'io dpriMt'O th('r(' 
\\ i" no pl.1O 10r' lutLln' mll,litry 
II1\ol'-'l'I111'nl In \I'l'tn.1111 

available navy ships to be moved 
off the coast of South Vietnam , to 
assist in removing refugees, and 
has appealed to the orth 
V ;etname e not to hamper such 
an operatIon He also aid he has 
developed plan to aIrlIft 2000 
algon orphan s to Amenca 

Ford al 0 mentIoned " con-
tingency plan " to evacuate 
AmerIcan trom VIetnam lord 
refused to go Into the plan~ In 
depth , but 'iald h would 1I e hi 
" lImIted power " to protNt 

merl an lives 

The Pre Id nt aId h wa\ 
optlml tIC about VIetnam, and 
that he " 'it II I think there' an 
opportunIt y to salvagE' thl' 
'iltuat ion , i plte sta tem('nt'i 
from Amen< an milItary offlna" 
to the contrary H(' bellE'vp, 

IllPrlcan Involvement In 
Vietnam "~d In th r ght 
till UIUII , cI~ II II Ipt>U lIt'uIJit, 
'· wdllnJ.: to fl 'ht for fr ('(10m 
lord al\o rialmf'd that ~('auw 

outh Vll'tnam!'w IWd anl tlr!' 
runnln~ from tht· \ I(·t (ong, It 
IlH'a n, tlH''' do not wl,h to II (. 
llndl'r ommunl\l rull' 

onhnued on Pa~~ 1 



. I 
Letters to ~e Editor 

TT ~eadline .Hides Intent of Article 
This letter i ritten with the 

purpose of elCprl:: ing my anger at 
the letter writt ~ by Tom Tanana 
TT (March 31), ud at the way it 
was printed by you. From a 
philosophical ,)()jnt of view, I 
strongly disagre.! with Tanana and 
his forces, but t respect his right 
to believe as he wishes, and his 
richt to have h is thoughts 
published. W.hat really irks me is 
the way in which the letter was 
olJblished by you. 

The headline about the article 
reads: "Your Student Activity Fee 
Should Be Voluntary." However, 
if one read the article, it would 
have been easy to see that this 
headline was merely a facade, an 
attempt to cover up the hard-core 
issue in the letter, which is the 

fact that Tanana and his YAF 
followers want to eliminate the 
Coop. 

This in itself is all right as well; 
however, if it is his desire to reach 
the UCSD students through a 
letter in the official campus 
newspaper, then it is also his 
responsibility to represent his 
letter properly, and your 
responsibility as well . If Tanana 
desires to let the students know 
his feelings, then this should be 
done in an honest manner, not 
one of facades and false 
headlines. This type of situation is 
dangerous, and the Triton Times 
is obliged to recognize and 
correct mistakes such as this one. 

BOB SIMON 

Tanana's Statements 'Misleading' 
It i. obvious to many of u. that Tom TalYna's assertion that 

campos activities could be greatly improved is a valid one. We 
believe, however, that his statement of the problem was misleading, 
and his solution ridiculous. 

Tanana claims that the $6 quarter Activity Fee is "wasted" and 
supports few programs. He seems to ignore the fact that the fee ' 
supports four movies weekly, the Side Door, 5 and Dime, Atomic; 
Cafe, several dance and theatrical presentations, speakers, and jazz, 
rock and folk concerts. The fee supports the campus subsidiary 
joumals, and funds most student organizations and clubs-allowing 
them to provide programs for the campus. In fact, TanalY's own 
group, Young Americans for Freedom, was allocated over $670 for 
propams and operation this year. 

Tanana says that the way to improve campus events is to make 
the Activity Fee voluntary. We disagree. An activities program that 
depended exclusively on dolYtions would undoubtably suffer from 
lack of funds, and the result would be a truly dead campus. 

Tanana also feels that the fee (whether mandatory or voluntary] 
should not be allocated by the Student Cooperative. Again we 
disa,ree. If we are to improve the adivities at UCSD it is essential 
that students affect and control their own funds, even with its 
myriad of problems, the Coop allows this control. 

According to Tanana, by abolishing the mandatory Activity Fee, 
"Iike magic" we will see "more of what we want to be offered." On 
the contrary, we will lose the programs and services we have now 
and, more importantly, the ability to have anything better in the 
future. 

TED APPLE 

DAVE SOUT ARE 

Tanana on Telepulse: 
Defends 'America from Americans' 

We see Tom Tanana at it again . 
The striking-out at liberal ideas, at 
organizations struggling to instill 
an awareness, a change, that is 
needed within our society. Tom 
"fanara. of the Yaffy Duck Club, is 
hitting where he can because he 
is too blind to see the real " Power 
Elite." His own mind is so 
saturated with this social 
structure that he is now becoming 
a warrior to defend America from 
Americans . 

On the March 16 Channel 8 
program Telepulse, we sat and 
watched Mr. Tanana once again 
take another student organization 
from. UCSD ·:\nd "right-wash" it 
into the mine s of the Boob-Tube 
audience. 

With his layed-out roll of 
prepared pq>trs of docUmen-
tation neatl'l arranged on the 
floor near hi , right foot, with his 
right frame o · mind, sitting on the 
right side of the host, and wearing 
his red, white, and blue coat (must 
not forget h 5 tie also red, white 
and blue, or maybe it was just the 
"rightness" of the tube) he 
brought out accusation upon 
accusation that discredited, 
falsely accused, misinterpreted 
and grossly ill-rationalized 

conca~ions that were 

'''Ie 2 Triton Times "priI4, 1975 
11· It' • I J I 

detremental to the integrity of 
that student organization, 
MECHA and the UCSD student 
population as a whole . 

If Tom Tanana, of Young 
Americans for Freedom, is 
preaching what his group really 
means, then I hope that the 
"Flying Fickle Finger of Faith" sets 
his head straight. For what he said 
and the way he presented himself 
was something that would set 
back all that has been fought for 
and died for by the students of 
these past few decades . 

We are here, as people, to 
learn, to become aware of, and to 
organize overselves as individuals 
or as groups of individuals or by 
whatever means, to bring our 
learning selves beyond the in-
stitutionalized teachings that 
have been plOf,Jclgated within us 
since we were old enough to 
compute. 

With allusion, Mr. Tanana of 
YAF said we were communistic 
here at UCSD. 

Young Americans for Freedom 
and Tom Tanana, you owe 
MECHA and the students of 
UCSD an apology. 

KUDY LUQUE 

&lilor's "011: We tIo "01 
rtlcog"i;u a tttislilU. We tIo 
rtlcog"i:u liNu Ihe WIIIjor Imsl 
01 lhe Y AF' s ca",pllig. is 
~:"Sl IN "01;0" of a",.,,· 

ry lee, tJS WtJS Ihe IiJnlsl 01 
T"IUIU's slory. He feels, i" 
tIIitJi#o", Ihtll Ihe Coop has 
bee" i1Uffeclll4l ;" alliJ&a#"g 
Ihe lee. 'Simoll 's sellsi#",." al 
all all4Cl 011 Ihe Coop sholl/d 
"01 hafle callsed hi", 10 
rJee",phasize, 10 Ihe ex'e,,' he 
has, o"e 01 Ihe two isslles 
prese"tea. I" allY case, lhe 
ho"esty of lhe Trito" Times i" 
mli"g headli"es is "01 i,,-flolfled. 

It ;s i",porlalll to 1I0ie i" 
pass;lIg thai had we wished 10 
obscllre Tallalla's PO;III, we 
would "01 have prillled his 
colu",,,. -·jl. 

The Bike Coop: 
Trust, No Hassles 

TtJis lette is written merely to 
heap a bit more praise on the Bike 
Coop . I commute daily from 
south La Jolla, and as fate has it, I 
have had four tire punctures since 
September. On every occasion, 
the fellows at the shop let me use 
their repair equipment, at no 
charge and with no hassle . This 
'says something about trust in an 
environment that is operative on 
its ant ithesis. 

With public recognition and 
patronage of this healthy Bike 
Coop, we can wage a united war 
on ·the internal combustion 
engine and show the bicycle for 
what it is, a serious mode of 
transportation. God help the 
dingbat who ever rips-off the 
Coop and gets into my clutches. 

DENNIS R. DAVIS 

Short Without Comment 
NHA TRANG South Vietnam 

(UPI)--The South Vietnamese 
army lieutenant approached the 
C-46 aircraft where armed 
Americans held back a mob of 
Vietnamese civilians . 

"Could you please let the 
children on the plane?" he asked. 
" If one Vietnamese is allowed on 
the aircraft, we' ll never be able to 
stop them," an American replied . 

'" guess you're right," he said, 
shaking his head sadly. "But it still 
hurts to see them here." 

The Americans were being 
evacuated to Saigon from Military 
Region II which includes the 
cities of Qui Nhon, Cam Ranh 
Bay, Phan Rang, Dalat, Tuy Hoa 
and Phan Thiet . 

Women at UCSD: 'No 
Options, Encouragement 

by Connie Jeu ... ·MiI .. 
ucao w_·. c.ne.r 

Women at UCSD start out as 46 percent of the entering class and end 
up as only 36 percent of the graduating class. Somewhere along the 
four years they are at UCSD as undergraduates, they lose the individual 
goals and ambitions that motivated them to enter college in the first 
place. The reason for this centers on two issues: options available for 
women students within and outside the university, and encouragement 
of women students by the university. 

Women students at UCSD see few options available in the present 
situation outside the university. While there is an increasing need for 
education beyond the Bachelor' s degree, within post-graduate 

UCSD is • reflection of the larller bu.ness 
world; the present situation vleldsllttle Of 
no opportunitv for women or women 
facu!tv .nd st.H. 
education at UCSD, woman account for only 30.7 percent of all 
students enrolled in Masters programs, 26 .1 percent in graduate 
departments, 25 .9 percent in Doctoral programs, 20 percent at the 
medical school, ' and only 12.8 percent at Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. 

UCSD is a reflection of the larger business world ; the present 
situation yields little or no opportunity for women faculty and staff . 
Women faculty comprise only 11 percent of the total faculty at UCSD. 
Women faculty are appointed to lower ranks on the academic rank 
scale and tend to stay in lower ranks, as the number of women faculty 
decreases according to the higher the rank. Women make up only 3.3 
percent of the total percentage of faculty on the tenured ladder ranks, 
and 19.7 percent of the total percentage of faculty on non-tenured 
ladder ranks. There are few women facultY in positions of power and 
authority at UCSD; only 7.7 percent of deans, directors, and depart· 
ment heads at UCSD are women . Women staff fare no better, as they 
are largely concentrated in the lowest status positions, and are largely 
excluded from high admini>trative positio~s at UCSD . 

Women students at UCSD are not encouraged and, sometimes are 
actively discouraged in the pursuit of individual ambitions and goals. 

A great discrepancy e)(ists between the image of woman as 
housewife/ mother and image of woman as serious student/scholar at 
UCSD . Women students are not taken seriously; this fact is revealed 
by 1) male-dominated course content and male assumptions of 
academic curricula that perpetuate the belief that women have never 
participated in the shaping of the major world events within history, 2) 
the relative lack of career coumeling many women students receive, 
which reveals the need for UCSD to work at attracting women to 
receive such counseling, and promoting non-traditional careers for 
women students at UCSD, and 3) advice/counseling from some male 
faculty and administrators who essentially advise women not to aim 
too high nor strive too hard . Few female adult role models e)(ist within 
the university from which women students can gain any support or 
encouragement. 

ThiS overall discouragement increases as women are made to believe 
the university e)(ists for young single white males . For certain 
populations of women at UCSD, like women of color, older women, 
women returning to college, single mothers, married women with and 
without children, the problem compounds and it becomes harder to 
survive within the structure of the university . 

Continued on Page 7 

John H. Taylor 
Idltor-In-chlef Art.f 

11I .. ..etiiC ... 1MM 
Edward Simons James G. Solo JI"' .... _n 0. .......... 

M.,.,,", editor .............. 
LINtn ..... 

C ...... ...,. 
Charles Heimler [vacant] Proallctio" N_edltor 

"._ ..... 1IIVd 
" ..... Co.. 

Sara J. Lowen A_L ....... 
Edltorl.1 director News 

,,~ ... 
Mark Stadler ".ftlWoIf 

c ..... Uo""-
Community editor C'--"IIII 

Bllsi"ess 
Paul Wagner OrH .. Volvl ....... 

'porto editor D.",IenM_ 

Sports 
KathyCoxe D_1IMn JI", NuoII .. 

I .. r.tery J.,., ....... 

Haircut '75 

Since I am inescapably a child 
of the sixties - on a more or less 
part-time basis - it is still 
something of a trauma to eet my 
hair cut. The Fear may be a basic 
one - that is, a fear I might find 
somethine growing under there 
since the last time I looked. Or it 
could as easily be more political -
where I went to school, you see, 
the length of one's hair was 
thought to be equivalent to the 

by ] oh" H. Taylor 

UC San Diego 
Now Offers 
UExtended U." 

by Clarence King 

UC San Diego has joined UC 
Riverside in a program that 
provides a university education to 
those who normally wouldn't be 
able to receive one, 

amount of empathy one though~ In conjunction with UCR, 
one felt for his/her brothers / .UCSD now participates in the 
sisters who were murdered in Ohio in 1970. Thinking "Extended University." People 
rationally, I would not at this advanced date experien<.e withiirawal who live too far away from the 
symptoms from The Movement by getting three 'Inches of rather university, and must work full -
tangled hair cut off, but The Fear is an insidious thing that comes ' time, are offered the opportunity 
almost always late at night, when I have no one to hide behind. of taking classes on nights and 

And I would be much too insecure to explore the symbology of 
getti ng my hair cut at the same time our Communist brothers/sisters in 
Vietnam were beginning to wrap up the fight they have fought for so 
long, the fight we fought with them on an absentee basis , at the same 
time we were fighting off the fear we had that we would be asked to go 
over there and fight ourselves and impale our college preparatory 
asses on rusty, sunken spikes or get our college preparatory existences 
suspended by conveniently placed land mines . 

But cut my hair I did, just before South Vietnam was cut in two and 
just before I read about William McGill and his academically ac-
ceptable rehash (TT, 4/ 2) of the age-old adage, "dirty fucking hippies ." 
He apparently thought he could get away with that 'anti-intellectual ' 
baloney-it sounds rather eminent and sage from the mouth of the 
president of Columbia University, and so do sympathetic statements 
abou t the unpopular and tired old Marxist professors he describes as 
hanging around the halls of Columbia like so many bats . Of course, 
some of us remember that McGill was willing to keep Bat Emeritus 
Herbe rt Marcuse on the faculty, even when the Regents didn't want 
that particular Mar)(ist hanging in the UC system. Actually, I suppose to 
obtain the presidency of an Ivy League school you have to put in a 
little extra effort. Put your balls on the block, as it were . 

And now, with my hair gone and the student movell'ent in its more 
spectacular sense essentially dead , McGill is able to come back and 
tell the San Diego Union that it was all a cute little bit of romantic 
naivete that has been replaced by some vague sort of anti-
establishment commitment to profeSSionalism . He gave the impression 
that student activists majored for the most part in ceramics and e)(-
perienced their deepest forays into the Humanities with the study of 
Ri chard Brautigan . 

I don 't know if McGill is practicing some sort of academic Dar-

weekends in pursuing BA degrees 
in Urbanology. Students in the 
program may take up to eight 
units per quarter . 

There are currently four "off-
campus learning centers" in 
Southern California : Escondido, 
Ventura, Palm Springs, and the 
new southeast San Diego branch . 
Appro)(imately 40 students attend 
each of the locations, an at-
tendance figure which has been 
growing since its inception two 
years ago. 

URS Affiliation 

Each quarter the program offers 
two classes in conjunction with 
UCSD's Urban and Rural Studies 
Department. The Urbanology 
major focuses on the planning 
and del ivery of services to an 
urban community. 

To qualify for admission to the 
Extended University Program, the 
student must have 84 transferable 
units from an accredited in· 
stitution . Participants in the 
program pay $105 per quarter in 
addition to a $20 enrollment fee . 

winism , or if he is just an opportunist. but he is certainly bubbling over d 
with cheap shots. For ... 

I suppose after all this you should understand more about my 
haircut. It was performed by my friend Jennifer. She layed out an 
enormous battlefield of old newspaper on her kitchen ' floor and 
descended on my head, snipping impressively, like a swarm of ME-
109s. Her cutting was as precise as the bombing of Dresden , and the 
result ~ppro)(imately as artistic . 

I will , however, leave my hair this way . I plan to continue in my 
general appearance a studied nonchalance-or maybe to keep myself a 
little messy in honor of the age from which I have emerged . But. as I 
think about it, if it is studied, what good is it? 

Luckily, Jennifer has also given me a hat . 

The Triton Tlmn. publlohed by the CommunlC8tloM Boent of UCSO . ....... ,. 
on MondoVI. Wed~VI .nd Frldeya durl", the ,"ular loh_1 ,_ lucept Oft 
official hoIldoyal. Edltorlol .nd buoI_ offIc ... ,. 10000ted In 117 Blake Hllil Oft 
the Rev.lI. Col .... co"' ...... Len.. to the EdItor .,. welcom., .nd .hould be 
typed on ... _c. 11M on noncorrwlb .. _. Loners Ihould be cone ..... nd 
the Triton Tim. reMfV" the rI.M to edit lubmlMl_ blCllu.. of __ a 
IImltatlonl Or Ityl. r"ulrem.nto. . 

For edltorl.l. coll.:!'-; for buol_ and .dv.rtla ..... nto. coil.:! .... 

Don 't Think Abortion 
Alternatives are Available 

S.D ... 0 un LE"GUE 

Continued from Page 1 

Ford warned any adversaries 
that America will continue to 
"support its allies around the 
world ." 

Cut Spending 

This was the first presidential 
press conference since the latest 
North Vietnamese thrust into the 
South and most questions dealt 
with Southeast Asia . But the 
President did reaffirm his e)(· 
pectation that the current 
economic recession will turn 
around in the third quarter of 
1975, and again urged all 
Americans to tell their ~Iected 
representatives to cut back 
federal spending. 

583-5433 
Also free speakers 

and study room 

COMMUNITY 
B~OOD BANK 

'SZ7 F. Street 

fREE bRidGE LESSONS 
Sunday Nights at 7 :30 
Don't miss this chance 

PAYS DONORS 
for •• rvice 

of a lifetime 
Beginning lessons by an expert 

Mon.·S .... 
8:4S-S:30 Revelle Cafeteria 

Closed Sun. 

233-6481 

UC Budget Outlook Bleak 
by Laura Dolan 

S.cr ..... nto Corr .. pondont 
The immediate outlook for UC's 1975-76 budget is bleak. 
The top priority items for students, such as eliminalion of the 

Subject A fee and the increased funding for the Affirmative Action 
program, received a cool reception from an assembly budget sub-
committee this week. 

UC Student Lobby C<>-director Jeff Hammerl ing predicted tough 
going for increasing funds to Affirmative Action . Though Governor 
Brown has said he feels that the Affirmative Action question is one of 
attitude rather than money, the legislature is under the gun to produce 
money for the program or else lose federal aid . 

Governor Brown included S200,OOO for the elimination of the S45 fee 
students pay fo~ the Subject A requirement class at most UC campuses. 
(UCSD does not charge such a fee .) However, legislative analyst Alan 
Post recommended that the state delete all funding for the program. 

Students Mipt Pay $90 
"His recommendation places the whole thing in jeopardy," said 

Hammerling. "If the legislature approves the (Post) deletion, students 
would perhaps pay as much as $90 for Subject A rather than the $45 
they pay now ." Hammerling said, however, that he doubted the 
legislature would vote for the complete deletion, but would vote in-
stead for no increase in funds . 

The UC budget provides for a 8.5 percent increase in faculty salaries, 
the same increase given to all other state employees. The University 
has asked that faculty salaries be increased even more on the baSIS of 
faculty salaries at comparable institutions. The comparative su rvey 
taken of other institutions maintains that faculty salaries would have to 
increase at UC by as much as 12 percent in the upcoming year . Brown 
opposed the comparative survey system used by UC, stressing instead 
the value of all employees in the University, not just the faculty . 

" I'd be surprised if the faculty gets more than the 8.5 percent In' 
crease." Hammerling said of the legislatures attitude on pay hikes . 

Ways and Means Review 
The budget is currently being reviewed by an Assembly Ways and 

Means subcommittee . Hammerling expects that subcomm ittee to 
respond to the University in a more positive manner than the state 
Senate subcommittee . 

"The Ways and Means subcommittee is much more liberal than the 
Senate Finance subco'llmittee ," Hammerling said . "The Senate 
committee is packed with conservatives ." 

Hi Fidelity Recording Tape 
Brought to you 
by Superscope E-~-y - - -~ I ; ~ ----pSl?· . SONY PLUS 2 TAPE 

§:~~ SALE LA JOLLA MUSIC 
(-90 
(-120 1128 Wall 459-3375 

KFMB RADIO I 'TASCON PRODUCTIONS 
pl'Nents 

* Gordon Lightfoot * 
Sun. April 13, 8:00 pm 

Community Concourse Golden H.II 
$6.50, 5.50, 4.50 

Tlcketl: Civic Theatre Box Office 
For mall ordera, Include 25c to cover handling, 
plus .elf-add,.saed, Itamped envelope 

Free Monday Night Movie 
~TItE WiZARd of Oz' 

Date: Monday, April 7 
Place: Muir 5 and Dime 
Time: 9pm 

There's a 
heavenly body 

• • ~Ittlng next to you 
In astronomy class. 
You owe yourself an Oly. 

Olymp,. B.t .. ,ng Comoany Olymp,a . Wa shlnglon 'OLV" 
All Olympia emul,es arc recytlable 

OLYMPIA BREWING COMPANY 

Pale J Triton Timn "pri14, 1975 



Mission Bay to Host 
San Die 0 Crew Classic 

Oarsmen fron' oss the country will meet on Mission Bay tomorrow 
for the third an.l al San Diego Crew Classic . The regatta marks the 
opening of the oew racing season for 1975 and will attract the top 
collegiate rowing crews in the United States. All racing isdoneinclassic 
lightweight wooden shells. 

Torrey Pines Glider Meet 
Begins Saturday; .25 Entrants 

Feature races include Varsity 8, Women's Doubles, J.V . 8, Frosh 8, 
Fours and Singles. The Varsity 8 heat and elimination races will begin 
at 8 am with final events scheduled for 11 am. The Varisty 8, generally 
considered the climax of any crew re~atta, will be at noon. 

The starting point will be at the north end of Sail Bay. The Finish line 
will be off Bahia Point, between Vacation Village and the Bahia Hotel. 
The 2000 meter races run from six to eight minutes. An awards 
presentation at the end of the regatta will be on the lawns at Bahia 
Point. Cold and silver medals will be awarded to the first and second 
place teams. 

The racing boats vary in size. The single sculls are about one foot 
wide, 27 feet long, and weigh about 37 pounds . The biggest shell is the 
eight-oared shell measuring two feet wide and 61 feet long, weighing 
280 pounds . The boats vary in speed from ten to 14 miles per hour. 

140 Years Old 

Intercollegiate crew racing started between Oxford and Cambridge 
in 1829. The first intercollegiate contest of any kind in the United 
States was held betw~en Harvard and Yale in 1852 pre-dating football 
by 17 years. Pacific Coast rowing started between Washington and UC 
Berkeley in 1899. Oregon 'State raced and won it's first intercollegiate 
race against Washington in 1929. 

Coach Peterson 
Draws Technical Foul 

by Eva Ljungwe 
St.ffWrit.r 

UC San Diego's Women 's 
Basketball Squad lost to Mesa 
College In a closely fought battle 
in the Triton's main gym last 
Wednesday . The final score was 
Mesa 62, Triton 54. 

Only one of the two referees 
showed up for the game, 
prompting accusations of 
miscalling on several plays . When 
a ball knocked out of bounds was 
called in Mesa College's favor, 
UCSD Coach Shirley Peterson 
protested strongly, for which her 
team was assessed a technical 
foul. 

Starters Alison Chin, Hilary 
Chittick, Debbie Robertson, Lisa 
Steward, and Marla Ross showed 
time and again their im-
provement over their early season 
play The offense worked very 
well as a unit, connecting on a 
good percentage of their shots. At 
the end of the first ha If, the 
Tritons led Mesa 34-30. 

The defense suffered from a 
lack of organization, allowi ng the 
Me a College women to break 
through under the basket. As a 
result , the game was almost 
entirely a see-saw battle . 

and Ross led UCSD scoring with 
fourteen points all. 

The UCSD women will next 
meet Crossmont this Monday .at 
4:30 pm in the main gym. 

Twenty-five gliders in com-
petition at the Torrey Pines Clider 
Meet tomorrow and Sunday will 
put on an air show on motor less 
flight in the winds over the 300 
foot cliffs of Torrey Pines. Both 
days from 9:30 am until dusk, 
glider pilots will try for points in 
five categories to earn ,trophies 
for their skill and determine a 
29th Annual Meet champion . 
IMBS 

Sponsored by the AS\ociated 
Glider Clubs of Southern 
California, the event has attracted 
entrants from throughout the 
Southwest, including some 
previous Torrey Pines winners. 

Previous Winners 
Among these are Harry 

Baldwin, a San Diego City College 
math professor who captured the 

- . Spring Has Sprung 
It's that time of the quarter when the Intramural Department likes to 

announce the list of 1M sports being oHered and the captains' meetings 
that accompany them . All of the usual spring sports will be back this 
year, with the addition of several new ones. 

The captains' meetings will be held as follows : 
Men's softball Today, 3 pm 
Coed softball Today, 4 pm 
Coed yolleyball Wednesday, April 9, 3 pm 
Coed tennis Thursday, April 10, 4 pm 
3 Man bulletbilll ThursdilY, April 10, 4 pm 
Indoor soccer Thursday, April 10, 5 pm 
Coed wilterpolo FridilY, April 11, 4 pm 

C~ floor hocket Friday, April 11, 5 pm 
Men's floor hoclley To be ilnnoulKed 

All meetings will be held in the recreation gym conference room . 
Cet a team together and have some fun. If there are any questions 
contact the Recreation department at 452-4037 . 
Other 1M notes ' 

On Tuesday at 4 pm on the Muir field, the first annual UCSD Hom 
Run Derby will be held . Contestants can either supply their own pitch-
er or use the one provided . Sign-ups are not necessary. 

Softball : Captains should note that the instant scheduling will be in 
effect this quarter. In other words, teams participating will be asked to 
selec t a time at which they would like to play all their games to help to 
make the scheduling and rescheduling easier and to allow other teams 
to know just when they are to play, eliminating forfeits as much as 
possible. 

Robin Reade, who had seen 
~om action in the first half for 
the Tritons, gave the audience 

~ome comic relief when she came 
Into the court econd half and, in 
beautiful form, put the ball in the 
wrong basket. Chin, Robertson , 

Lit prof gettmg you down? Do Diego juSI sl 
you want to relax every now and 

Well, cheer up, fans! The lntrctmural Department has what you need for what oris ya. Those 
sterling lads in the Rec Office have brewed up a game of soccer to be played indoors. According 10 
usually well-informed sources [Harry Bloom], the game is identical to olltdoor soccer·bu! wilh a 
few new rules to make ti in tere sting. 

See IMBS this . . . 

U .C. S.D. ce~pus Program Board presents: 
PENNSYLVANIA BALLET performing 

Wednesday April 16, 1975 

" ReGital for CIltIlG and 8 
Dalfcers" 
"After Eden" 
"Concerto Grosso" 
"Scotch Symphony" 

MandeYllle Auditorium 8:00 pm 

Staff Faculty : 54.50 
U_C.S.D_ Student : $3.00 
General Adm. : $6.00 
Tlcketl available Siudent Cenler 
BOK Office 
Tuesday Ihru Friday Noon-4 : 30 

****************************** 
: FRidAY NiTE Flick : 
: [L[ru 'IJOOl!! : 
: qj(JJ(JJ[J) l1~W~~ ~(JJ[llL : ! w Chuck Berry. Little Richard . Bill Haley . Chubby : 
,. Checker & Fats Domino 
• • 
• USB 2722 75c 7:30&10 • 
• *********************** • 
• SATURdAY FilM • 
• • 
: 1JOO~ ~a~ ~AlJ .: 
• • 
• by Luis Bunuel • 
• A look at the dogma of The Catholic Church • 
• • 
• USB 2722 51 7: 30& 10. 
** ••• * •••• * ••••• **.**********. 

1974 North American 1-26 
Championships last fall, and won 
the John J. Montgomery 
Memorial trophy as T arrey Pines 
champ in 1972. Erik Larson, 
winner of the Junior Cham-
pionship trophy in 1972, will fly 
again as a junior (under 21) 
entrant. At age 20 La Jolla Larson 
has been flying sailplanes for 
eight years. 

The trophies given each .year 
bear names that stand out in San 
Diego's honor roll of aviation 
history : CONVAIR, Altitude ; 
RYAN, duration ; SOLAR , 
distance, single place; ESSARY 
distance two-place; SARON, 
bomb drop; and ROHR, spot 
landing. 

Each day four spectators will be 
selected to take a ride in a glider, 
meet chairman· Evans Storvick 
said. 

Torrey Pines Cliderport is 
located immediately South of 
Torrey Pines Co'f Course off 
Torrey Pines Rd. There is parking 
in the area and admission is 50 
cents. 

Tritons 
Set New 
Swim Records 

Last month UC San Diego 
swim'mers beat two teams in a 
quadrangular meet at Cal State 
Fullerton Ambassador and 
Chapman colleges fell by the 
scores of 95-16 and 96-1 2, 
respectively Fullerton defeated 
the Tritons, 68-44. 

Three records were set duriog 
the meet, which concluded the 
finest season the Tritons have had 
yet as they compiled a 4-6 record 
Joel Glover swam to a 11 .04.8 10 
the 1000 yd . freestyle while Dave 
Tamura recorded a 5.22 .0 In the 
')00 yd . freestyle. The medly 
relay team of Bradshaw, Alei , 
Grobstein , and Denton raced to a 
timp of 3.59.6. Allen Lebrack 
('ontinued to amaze pectators by 
dropping another seven econds 
off of his time In the 200 yd 
butterfly . 

Other sc hool records were set 
during the year in three event, 
Glover camE' back later to drop 
the r('cord in the 500 free to 
r; 18.0, Hob Bradshaw swam to a 
1.00 .1 in the 100 backstroke, and 
Bob Alei lowered the mark in the 
200 brl'a, trokE' to 2.26.9. 

Tht' relay team of Tamura. 
Brook ley, D(>nton and L e wt d 
record in the 400 free with a tlOW 
of 1.106 

Sc,ue.TAl>E 
WOkOFWEEI( 

"SWEET & SOUR 
FISH, PEkiNG STYLE" 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

<. UISIN( 
Din"., HOlln: 
Mon· Thllr , . III 

Fri·S.r S·" 

Bel't ilnd wine 
served 

10" Oi~counl with 
ucSOSt .... tlO 

AMPU PARkiNG 
·WI·9842 
L. Joll. Blyd. 

I t. L 

-
---
-

Record Revue 
by Larry Deckel 

Dun ON MON DEI - Harry Nilsson. RCA Records. 

Gospel G'1l~oir Highlights 
Weekend M'usical Offerings 

Harry Nilsson's albums stand out in a class by themselves and the 
reason is clear : He's got a lot of friends . And they all seem to chum 
around his sessions. 

Sometimes, however, the chums get too chummy . Case in point was 
" Pussycats", co-arranged and produced by famed potential outcast 
John Lennon . The sad result in that venture was a sort of Plastic Ono 
Schmilsson . 

This time Harry chose more wisely and an all star cast of musicians 
(led deftly by the multi-talented Van Dyke Parks) turns "Duit On Mdn 
Dei" into a real grabber. 

by Latry Decllel 

Concerts of all sorts can be 
found in San Diego this week . 
Here on campus, our con-
troversial Mandeville Center plays 
host to a few. 

Tonight at 8:00 p.m., CPB and 
the Performing Art's Program of 

tomorrow night, April 5, at 8 00 
p.m. at the Horace Mann Junior 
High School Auditorium. The 
night's performance will include 
Bach's Brandenburg Concerto No. 
3, Mozart's Serenata Notturna, 
and Music for Strings by Custav 
Holst . 

yields an all -star show hl'adllnt'd 
by Silnlanil , and featurinl: 
Journey. Lead off act for the night 
is the Sons of Champlin. 

The album is an ideal springboard for Nilsson '~ broad vocal range, 
and all the tunes are Nilsson originals (with the very lovely "Salmon 
ralls" being co-penned with Beatlish bassist Klaus Voorman) . Running 
a fu ll range of style and sound, the album becomes a pltchwork quilt 
of the various moods of the rock and roU crooner . 

The album is pleasantly marked with a Jamaican sound to it, but also 
dips IOta full orchestral arrangements circa Schmilsson in the Night, 
and plain old piano banging in the peppy rendition of " Jesus Christ 
You 're Tall " . 

As always, the Nilsson droll wit is omnipresent. I n " What's you~ 
'Ign", a lesty number al>9ut singles' bars, Nilsson belts out the likes of 
"HE' Y darlin' don't let me down / In front of these friends of mine / 
il('cau e they're standing in the door / They're expecting me to score / 
You go a pair of fourty-fours and what's more / Baby I love you ." . 

the Asia Society present Qawwali Also about town on April 5, is 
Music from Pililistan (see TT 4/2) . an unusual program of keyboard 
Tommorow, also in the music to be presented by the La 
auditorium, Baroque music is the • Jolla Sinfonia at 8:00 p.m. The 
forte, as Frans Brueuen and Aliln program features William Tim 
Curtis bring ' recorder , baroque Read in " Five Hundred Years of 
flute, and harpischord to UCSD Keyboard Music", featuring Read 
(see TT 4/ 2) . on Harpsichord and the rarely 

At the Hack Door for two 
shows, 7:30 and 10·00 on Monday 
Night April 7. Grover Wuhington 
Jr. 

And indications look good at 
the moment for a lot of future 
concert act iVlty for San Diego 
and vicinity To name a few 
Average White Band at UCSD on 
4/ 19; Pinky Floyd - 4/21; Colden 
Earing/ Lynard Skinard 4/ 24, Vicki 
Carr - 4/27; Joe Walsh/ Kikl Dee 
4/ 30, The Dobbie Brothers 5/ 3; 
John Denver 5/ 6; Jackson 
Browne/Phoebe Snow 5/ 8; and 
Bachman Turner Overdrive right 
around finals June 14. 

While far from being the world's greatest vocalist, nor its most 
im portant song-writer, Nilsson is often its most compelling . "Duit on 
Man Dl'i" (" Do it on Monday" ) is w('11 worth getting sucked into. 

MORE AMERICAN GRAFFITI - MCA Records 
W('II , there's more than one way to make a buck. Or more simply, 

what made the "American C(affiti" oundtrack album one of the 
biggest se lling co llection of 50's music to date? Seemingly, the title, its 
ronnotatlve reputation , and the presence of Wolfman Jack. 

50 here WE' go again , the titlE'S about the same, and Wolfman is as 
obnoxiou<; as ever. and anothf'r col lection of nostalgia i about what it 
,ll11ount' to 

Whilp not a, Int('re ting a collection as its prede e sor, the album 
do(" hdVl' a few highlights worth the price If you haven 't got them 
l'lwwlll're , notably thp original "Teenager in Love" by Dion and the 
Uelmonts l m y personal favorite of the 50's groups by far), "Oh Boy" by 
til!' Il'gpnodry Huddy Holly and the Crick t , " Poison Ivy" by the 

Continued on Page 7 

Elsewhere in San Diego, our 
own UCSD Gospel Choir will be 

~art of the 1975 SOFA (Strongly 
Orientated for Action) Gospel 
Music Benefit Show at the 
University of San Diego tonight. 
Headliner for this great bill of 
gospel· music is Rey. Jiimes 
Cleyeland. known as the Crown 
Prince , or the Louis Armstrong of 
gospel. Also featured in the 
night's performances will be the 
St . Luke Singers, Cospel 
Mellodettes, Jerry Jay, The 
Cavaliers, and Sunday News. The 
show starts at 7.30 pm . 

A new music ensemble to San 
Diego, The Chamber Orchestra of 
the Jewish. Community Center, 
will present its premiere concert 

heard Clavichord . The program 
will be presented in Sherwood 
Hall. 

Rock fans don 't despair 
Sunday night at the Sports Arena 

Your dorm 
went co""ed. 
You owe yourself an Oly. 

Olympia Brew.ng Company . Olympia. Wash,ngton 'OlY" 
All Olympia empttes are recyclable 

OLYMPIA BREWING COMPANY 

..... "'NG 
EVER 

.-----.,-------------------,. YOU ~~ 
BORED OF REGENTS? 

APPLICATIONS ARE NOW BEINO TAKEN FOR THE POSITION OF STUDENT REGENT /II 

by rh. Student Co,",. end rh.llreduet. Stlld.nr Council In rhe Stlldenr Orllenlz.tion. Offlc • . 2nd floor in the 
Stud.nr Center: come on up for furth., Inform.rlon ... 

Th. pe"on""",o I_ ChM." will become rh. FIR ST nud."r m.ml»r ofrhe Boerd of Rellenl • . 

THE RE FORE : All clI"."II" ."rolled .tlldenr_, """0 wllI.trend e U.C. cempus ne"r " .. r , ere encourelled 
ro.ppl" . 

MAJOR CRITE ItIA: Tim. r:ornmitmettt •• nd e,,_tl,,'n n.r.wIde Unltler_ltv IUIIN rher .ffKr stud.nt • . 

Th ... , $SUE S Inc/OllIe • • ut .r. not "miNd to: 
ff,..""I.I.ld 
Innrucr/on.llmprOtl .... ettt 
nlldenr _",_ 
."'rm.tI" • • ~on 
,,,'sI.tI,, •• rtd,. c.m".,. r .. uI.rfon_ 

~"'n. """"'r ".,.,. 
A",."CAT'ONSDEADL'NE IS A,."" '1.1'-,,,, • ."fINr.· •• '-" ..... ,.1I 
~/ .. "" will IIe .. ,--,." twvr .. l-' _/rter/n, _ml __ , _ch _~ of.n undw.r.dll." 

.M. " ... ,. .. tItIMf,, _ _ h _".,.. U.C. S.n 01_ will he.,. twv, __ rl .... _ undw., ... ,. 

.1ffI_ " ... ,. . ., Me ....... "..,_1 N_/rtetl". c.m",,_ •. 
SO, "._ WOfIhIllt. ,. lie. ,.. _1".11". c_ ... luJ_. 1'011 At SO ,..." to ._ • .., .n ."""f»rlon. SAME 
,.LACE, SAME DE AD' INE .. ......... . 

I G YOU DO 
JYTH!NG YOU NEED VEfiY'j Hl1'J:: 

· N(~ Y{)III\II::J:.:fi l=()Q ~\/i= R\'T~I:N~ 'y·O l. 
V' " BILL GAMBLES T~ 5 HAS LEVIS & MUCH MORE ~ 

,b.. Gambles. a store which caters to kings . ~ 
(- lords. and wealthy sun-bathers from the 

<' 1.': east coast. now is catering to you . 
r. They have a reputation . and they're will-
1 ing to share it. 
l r " SAN DlEOO 

IUtf.7X SOUTH BAY PLAZA 1..;.;;_' 1 LOMA SC.UARE 
GROSSM ,)NT CENTER 
PLAZA C~ MINO REAL 

;".". " FASHION IALLEY 
IE:::. PARKWAY PLAZA 

LOS ANGfI FS LOS CERRITOS 
PUENTE HILLS MALL WESTMtNISTEA 

-P ••• r; Triton Times April 4, 1.75 



Logg1r Dick Kurwitz: " ••• DOW 
by AI Mi-rtlnez 

from L A Tim.. 'J.-........ n 
KLAMATH-Deep in the land of 

the giants, where the roar of a 
falling tree is the measure of a 
man, an army C?f loggers is ready 
for war. 

They meet each morning at the 
Timber Line Cafe-thick-armed 
choppers and yarders and high-
climbers-in a room charged with 
rage. 

They gather in angry clusters at 
High Prairie Creek under ribboAS 
of mist that wind through 8OG-
year-old redwoods-drenched by a 
rain that drums on their hard hats . 

They drink hot coffee and hard 
liquor in logging-bought homes 
scattered through places like 
McKinleyville and Willow Creek 
and Blue Lake and Smith River. 

These are lumberjacks and the 
sons of lumberjacks-powerful 
men, tree-chopping men, damn-
the-death-and-danger men. And 
the war they're ready to fight is 
with the State of California. 

I t isn't a political battle they're 
suggesting. , 

... . tableaus of fury that match 
the wild surf of the north coast 
sea, the timber men yearn for 
action . 

They talk of automatic rifles for 
sale in Humboldt, Del Norte and 
Mendocino counties. 

They talk of a ton and a half of 
dynamite strangely missing from 
powder shacks around Eureka. 
- They talk of forests that may 
burn mysteriously to the ground 
when the hot, dry summer comes. 

This is hard talk by desperate 
men-new radicals in the tall 
timber-and it unnerves even their 
own co-workers in the state's 
bi Ilion-dollar-a-year logging 
industry . 

Milder elements seek quieter 
battle grounds : courtrooms and 
legislative chambers . But they too 
have no illusions, and they know 
that in the e nd the loggers must 
win . 

Otherwise, they say, logging 
wi II die, and they wi II die with it. 

The target of their rage is the 
environmental movement which, 
through the state, has suddenly 
shifted its own big guns toward 
the timber country. 

Last year, In response to 
outcries ~hat · timber barons Were 
raping the forests, a California 

forest Practices Act went into 
effect. It was a compromise 
measure geared to protecting the 

,woods while allOWing the lumber 
industry to survive. 

But this february a Superior 
Court judge in Eureka staggered 
the timbermen by ruling that the 
industry must comply with the 
California Environmental Quality 
Act. He told them they had to file 
environmental impact reports 
before they could cut a tree. 

:The response was instant rage. 

"Some son-of-a-bitch whose 
wild flower is endangered can put 
a thousand men out of work," one 
logger roared . " Why should 
anyone have that kind of right?" 

Three timber companies have 
appealed the Superior Court 
ruling, and the judge has delayed 
execution of his order pending 
the appeal. 

But meanwhi Ie , state 
Resources Secretary Claire 
Dedrick has implemented an 
interim "functional equivalent" 
of the Environmental Act, and a 
version of the environmental 
impact report is still required 
before the loggers can cut. 

This has enhanced their anger. 
They feel that the state, in 
conspiracy with the Sierra Club, is 
out to crush them . 

They consider Mrs . Dedrick, a 
Sierra Clubber herself, a personal 
enemy, and Gov. Brown in-

sensitive to their problems and 
ignorant of their plight. 

Last month, 3,000 loggers 
marched on Sacramento in a 
peaceful demonstration to make 
their position known, but felt 
they were largely ignored. 

This, too, has fed their rage, 
and many are vowing that it will 
not be their last demonstration-
but that it will be their last 
peaceful one. 

Small private contractors who 
do . the IOUina f~ the. big 

companies seem hardest hit. 
Burdened by high payments for 
logging equipment and unable to 
log enough to meet those 
payments, they see a lifetime of 
effort being swept away in one 
season . 

Tbey are among the more 
militant soldiers in the army of 
loggers . 

Dick Kurwitz is one . A solemn 
and slow-talking ex-marine, he 
helped put together the Straight 
Arrow Coalition to do something 
about the situation logging finds 
itself in today. 

But over the weeks of what he 
considers an unsuccessful quiet 
fight to save the industry, his 
attitude has hardened . 

" I led the loggers to 
Sacramento in peace ." he warns, 
"a nd now I'll lead 'em to war." 

"I worked 10 years 16 hours a 
day seven days a week to build 

ON-CAMPUS HOUSING 
FOR FALL QUARTER, 1975 

Room draws for Fall Quarter occupancy ~f the Residence Halls 
and Apartments on campus will be as follows: 

COLLEGE DEADLINE FOR COMMENCE 
APPLICATIONS ROOM DRAW 

Muir College Apartment April 10,4:00 p.m. April 14 
Muir College Residence 
Halls 

April 10,4:00 p.m. April 21 

Revelle College 
Residence . 'Ialls 

April 9, 4:00 p.m. April 15 

Third CoP·ege Apart- April 9, 4:00 p.m. April 14 
ments \ 

Fourth ColI~ April 9, 4:30 p.m. April 15 

Appllcatlo~s for room draw, except for Fourth College may be obtained from and must be 
tumed Into t~e applicable College Resident Dean's Office. Applications for room draw 'or 
Fourth COI!'Ve may be picked up 'rom and returned to the Fourth ColI.ge Provost Office 
(2550 H-L fSldg.1. Room draw Is open to all UCSD residents and non·resldents. Applicants 
must be registered at the College where they enter room-draw. 

The applications for room-draw for the undergraduate stud.nts wishing to live at the new 
Mesa Apartm.nts may be picked up at any Resld.nt O.an's Office or at Building 250 Mat· 
thews Campus a".r April 16 and must be retumed to Building 250 Matth.ws Campus by 4: 00 
p.m . April 25. Room-draw will commence on May 5. 

For furth.r Information, pl .... contact the Realdent Dun of your resp«:tlve College. 

Pille 6 Triton Times April .. , 1975 

I'll lead 'eJD to war." 
this company, and I'm not gonna 
lose it now. They'd better believe 
I'll go down fighting ." 

Klirwitz pays 512,000 a month 
for the seven pieces of equipment 
he bought to run his logging 
operation . Without work, he'lI ·go 
under. 

Already, he says, he has been 
forced to layoff 30 of his 45 men 
because he can't get permission 
from the state to cut. His business 
is down 90 percent. 

He admits he is Idaaing 

i lIegally --without state per -
mission-to survive, and estimates 
that 23 more loggers are dOing the 
same thing . Others vow they will 
also if forced to. 
. Kurwitz doesn't want a gun 
battle, but he knows the temper 
of the timber country. 

"If this were summer, the 
whole forest would be on fire, " he 
says. "Everyone has tried to stay 
legal but some dumb head is 
selling machine guns to the 
loggers for 5200 each ." 

Approached to buy one, 
Kurwitz refused-"I don 't need no 
machine gun ." Others have also 
refused , but loggers are hunters, 
and they'll tell you they've got 
rifles of their own . 

"They're frightened . And men 
will do desperate things when 
they're that way ... " This is Jerry 
Spencer, chairman of Straight 
Arrow Coalition and owner of a 
logging equipment firm in Eureka . 

With hifTl is Bill Boak, chapter 
chairman of the Associated 
California Loggers, and in-
dependent logging contractors 
Skip Richter and Glenn Schirman . 

They represent the more 
peaceful loggers, and talk of guns 
and dynamite and forest arson is 
upsetting. They have gone to 
Sacramento and talked to both 
Gov. Brown and Mrs. Dedrick, 
trying to alert them to the mood 
of the timber men . 

"I told Brown," Spencer says 
" 'Good God, Governor, you'v~ 
got to listen or it's going to 
happen .. .' Radicalism will grow as 
our economy fails. It's a danger." 

All of them agree that the 
necessity to file an EIR will stamp 
the small loggers out of business 
now- and the big ones eventually. 

" I had to file 36 pages for an 
EIR on 100 acres," Schirman says 
angrily . "One-hundred acres!" 

Richter fidgets uncomfortably 
in his chair . 

"I have seven timber harvest 
plans I'd like to turn in now, but it 
would cost me 51,050 to file 'em-
and even then I'm not sure they'd 
be approved. 

It's a waiting game as far as the 
loggers are concerned . Some can 
afford to wait longer than others. 
for men like Kurwitz and Richter, 
it's now or never . The Simpson 
Timber Co. is different. But even 
with them, there's talk of closing 
the mill . . 

"Not that a shutdown is im-
minent," said John Yingst, the 
company's logging manager. "But 

sometime during the year when 
we run out of logs ... " 

The Forest Practices Act, Yingst 
says, required state action on 
timber harvest plans within 15 
days. Under the new "functional 
equivalent" it can take up to 69 
days-or longer. 

"On Jan. 8 we asked approval 
on a plan to harvest 175 acres. On 
Jan. 10 the state requested more 
information . On Jan. 13 that 
information was sent. On Jan . 21 
the state requested more in-
formation . On Jan . 30 the . in-
formation was sent. On March 1 
the state requested still more 
information . On March 11 it was 
sent. But we still don't have 
approval . 

"Now that's on a plan to 
harvest 250,000 board feet of 
hardwood . The company nor-
mally logs 180,000,000 board feet 
a year . 

"What's that back-and-forth 
business going to do to us on an 
overall scale if it takes so long on 
one small plot?" 

Allen Jones is general manager 
of KVIQ television in Eureka . His 
interest in the logging situation is 
professional as well as personal. 

"I was at a rally a month ago. 
There were 3,000 loggers there . I 
looked around at their faces and 
realized that one word could send 
them into the streets armed with 
chain saws . I mean, it ~as scary. 

"What no one understands is 
that this is the last frontier . This 
isn't Torrance or Santa Monica or 
San francisco . Up here, they're 
fighters and they're stampers. 
They wear calk boots and hard 
hats . 

"And they're standing there 
hollering . 'Claire Dedrick, come 
and .:et us!'" 

Back at the Timber Line Cafe, 
hard by the bloated Klamath 
River, others gather around Dick 
Kurwitz to grumble their anger . 

"Hell ," says Herb Whittaker , a 
timber-faller , "I was supposed to 
go back Jan. 6, but they've only 
had two weeks work for me since 
the first of the year . 

"Would I turn to violence to 
make a point? Man, at the 
moment, I don't know how far I'd 
go ... " 

Stace Fisher is also a timber-
faller . They call themselves 
choppers too. 

"Last year," fisher says, sipping 
on hot coffee, "I worked seven 
days a week from Jan . 1 to Sept. 
13 to save S6,OOO for a down 
payment on a house and enough 
money to buy 57,000 worth of 
logging tools . 

"Since the start of this year I've 
gotten only one pay check, and I 
don't even know if I can keep the 
house I just bought. 

" It's getting hot," Brenda 
Benoit · agrees . "Heat is being 
generated like you've neller seen . 
If the Sierra Club people come up 
here now, they'd best keep their 
mouths shut or things are gonna 
fly ." 

She is one of the few female 
loggers in the high country. 
Kurwitz was the first to bring 
women in . 

'We don't want to wreck this 
country," she insists, slapping a 
table for emphasis . "We love it . 
This is our country ... " 

"You 've got to understand ," 
says cafe owner Frank Brush, 
"that loggers aren't roughass 
people who want" to strip the land 
and walk away. They lille here . 
This isn' t a job, it's a way of life ." 

Kurwitz. his anger deepened by 
the talk, leaves the Timber Line 
Cafe and drives his pickup truck 
through the narrow logging roads 
that wind through the mountains . 
Rain lashes at his windshield . 
Wind howls throuah the trees . II 
dark day for a dark mood. 

At the main louina site, a 
group of his workers are huddled 
around a campfire drinking 

Continued on Pap 7 

Heisler Speaks on US Econ~""y 
by MaH Symmons Workers Party proposes to solutions to, our growing 

...,w"* rechannel billions of dollars now economic crisis . Instead, Heisler 
wasted on upholding dic- said, the Republican ad-
tatorships in such countries as ministration and the democra.lc 

Ed Heisler, chairperson of the Spain, South Vietnam, Brazil, Congress spend much of 'their 
Socialist Workers '76 National Chile, and South Africa, toward time shifting the responsibility 
Campaign Committee, spoke more useful and democratic and escaping the blame. 
Wednesday before a small and purposes. Industrial profits would . 
generally unresponsive Muir be used to improve living con- ~hey bl~m~ all.w?rklng people, 
audience of around 20 to 30 ditions and work efficiency and Heisler said, clalmmg we eat too 
people on the question, "Can not to swell the bank accounts of much and live too well. They say 
socialism solve America's the power elite. t~at i~flation will slowdown if we 
economic crisisf" He continued by outlinina the live In .colder rooms a,~d ~top 

After describinl the present party's Bill of Rights for working de?"andmg better wages. Heisler people, which includes: the right po.lnted to such arguments as 
economic situation, Heisle~ to a job; the right to an adequate ~v.l~ence that the people must 
continued by sayinl that as' home; the right to free education; initiate needed chanaes them-
profits in certain industries drop, the right to free medical care,' the selves . 
the capitalist rulinl elite simply 
cuts production and lays off right to secure retirement; the 
workers with little concern for the right to. know th~ .truth a~ut 
workers' welfare. Able workers "economic and ~1I~lcal P:Olicles 
become jobless and needy while that affect ou~ lives, t.he ~I~ht of 
the ruling ownership gets fat off oppressed ~atlonal m.morltles to 
the production shutdowns and c.ontrol their ?wn affairs; ~nd the 
labor cuts . To exemplify this rJg~t. to d~lde economic and 
situation, Heisler pointed to the political polley . 
fact that while most Americans ~o Viilble Structure 
are tightening belts and losing 
buyer power, sales of Rolls Stressing the need for 
Royces and yachts to the rich organization, Heisler emphasized 
minority have increased 15 to 20 the fact that Americans can't rely 
percent. on the existing political structure 

Logger Dick .•• 
Continued from Pale 6 

coffee. Kurwitz sees a Division of 
forestry truck parked nearby. It 
belongs to a state logging in-
spectOr. 

"What the hell is he dOing 
here," Kurwitz roars, leaping from 
his vehicle . The others shrug, 
intimidated by the rage that burns 
in their boss. 

Kurwitz rushes off to find the 

Work Action ••• 
Continued from 'Ap 1 

No Hardship 
The Literature department's "initial concern" was the effect of the 

use of work study funds on undergraduate students especially from 
Third College. Sommers said he was told by Third College Provost 
Joseph Watson that there won't be any hardship . , 

SQmmers said the grad students must fill out work study forms in 
order to be paid with funds from the work study program. 

Resolution • .• 
Continued from Pile 1 

The grading system (hange will mean that students 'who repeat the 
first 16 units of D ,\nd F grades will have the old grade figured out of 
their grade point averages, but still printed on transcripts . Currently, 
the first 16 units repeated are purged completely from GPAs and 
transcripts. . 

However, the AS allowed students to repeat through next year 
courses graded D or f through this June. Course not offered next year 
ex be repeated 1976-77. 
intruder: He can't. He wants to tip 
over the state truck, ~ut others 
talk him out of it. 

finally, the inspector appears-
a small, pink-faced man with an 
uneasy manner. 

Kurwitz strides toward him and 
faces him, fists clenched, 
towering over the man . The other 
giant loggers gather around, and 
for a tense moment the rainy air is 
filled with danger. 

Words are spoken. Kurwitz is 

angry, the inspector conciliatory-
and nervous . 

When it seems· that the big 
logger might strike, he grumbles a 
curse and starts to walk away. 
Then he stops abruptly, turns, and 
points at the man --eyes 
narrowing. 

'When the war starts," he says 
quietly, "you' ll be the first one 
we'll shoot." 

And he walks off into the 
storm. 

.... .-

Rechilnnel Aid 
to implement the necessary 
changes . He said politicians have 
done nothing to combat the 
recent oil and sugar riJH>ffs and 
have yet to propose any viable 

U.C.S.D. CAMPU_S PROGRAM BOARD presents·· .. ·• 
Heisler explained that to end 

the exploitation of the American 
worki ng class, the Social ist 

Women • • • 
Continued from Pille 2 

Sexism is the last socially acceptable prejudice within the society as 
a Whole . The university acts as a responsible agent within the system in 
perpetuating society's values , expectations, and stereotyped images 
that ~men are expected to absorb and follow. The socialization and 
conditioning of women in the society works to channel them into 
limiting roles and disregards women 's potential, viewpoints and their 
contributions and achievements . The university continues to maintain 
this channeling process as an institution within the larger society. 

It is clear and obvious that the university must make a firm com-
mitment to understand the significant amount of sex 
discrimination that is prevalent within the society as a whole . The 
university, as an institution, must act as an element of change within 
the socity to challenge and eliminate the perpetuation of the 
widespread belief that women's place is not within the power and 
authority sectors of the society at large. 

Women students, . on the other hand, must prepare for their up-
coming problem/ situation within the structure of the larger society by 
using the unillersity to gain whatever tools they will be able to use in 
order to help combat and eliminate sexism that is perpetuated by the 
society as a whole. Women students must become aware of the 
si tuation as it exists and begin to deal with this situation by accepting 
their high goals and ambitions, and seeing these goals to be as valid as 
those of male undergraduates . They must 1) actively work to maintain 
their motivation towards the accomplishment of these goals , 2) get in 
contact with other women students who feel the same frustrations 
and alienation that result from the channeling process of society which 
is perpetuated by the university, and 3) seek out female resource 
persons within the university (faculty, staff, and students) who are 
concerned and/or actively involved in redefining the problems and in 
changing the situation that women face both within the structure at 
UCSD and within the structure of the society at large. Don't com-
promi'se yourself: it's all you've got . 

Reco~ds· . .. 
Continued from Pille 5 

Coasters , "Duke of Earl" by Gene Chandler, "Peggy Sue" by Buddy 
Holly again , and for historic interest "Locomotion" penned by Carole 
King and sung by Little Eva, and yes, one of Carole's early vocals " It 
might as Well Rain Until September". 

Now if I can only find some way to make my turntable skip over all 
of Wolfman Jack's asinine interruptions . 

QUARTER NOTES 
Speaking of Nilsson a stage production of Nilsson's album and 

animated television mo~ie "The Point", just opened to rave reviews in 
Boston . The possiblity of a subsequent tour has been mentioned . -

Speaking of the obnoxious Wolfman Jack, my worst dreams halle 
come true. The raspy sweetheart himself is in the studios even now, 
recording his first Ip for Columbia. 

Also in studios at the moment is Paul Simon. 
On the outlandish side is news from Rolling Stone Magazine that 

Rick Wakeman now finished touring his "Journey to the Center of the 
Earth" might ~ staging his latest "The Myths and Legends of King 
Arthur" in an iCl"-show format . Bm. 

And for those of you who dug "Switched on Back", Japanese 
recording artist, Tomita is releaSing an electronically created version of 
Moussogasky's "Pictures at an Exhibition", due out this month. 

Final Note . Just for the record, the Triton Times happily receives 
record review from anyone who might have an opinion on a current 
Ip Check with the Arts Department for details. 

QawlVcfiliUJiusic Saturday, APR I L 5 8pm Virtuoso Recorder -
:tWill 'Pakistatt FRANS BRUEGGEN 

and 
Friday, APRIL 4 8pm 

ALAN CURTIS Inspiring devotional music 
of the SufiS. - Harpsichordist 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
UCSD Student- $2or $3 General Admission - $3 or $4 

Tickets Available: Student Center Box Office 
452·4559 or 452-4090 

l'f)f)II 
III(~II1UU)'S 
Going into Business Event 

for Guys. for Gals • for Kids 
In La Jolla now we've got it all together 
- every clothing thing for your entire 
family at easygoing prices. 
No one knows Levi's better than Poor 
Richard·s. And Poor Richard's has 
super ideas for spring and summer in· 
town and out·country casual wear . .. 

even drf!ss·ups for both Guys and Gals . 
Matching coordinates . .. men's light 
weight jackets . .. color·happy blouses 
for gals .. . '75 style belts VJi th the La 
Jolla flair. Depend on two great names: 
Poor Richard 's and leVI 'S. and welcome 
to the new .. . 

_,sl.lrs - ". Ittl ...... tb. Irdilllry" 

11f")IIIU(~lIJUm'S 
Purl & La Joll. L. Jill., Cllifmi. 

Pille 7 Triton Times April 4, 1975 



8ec,...ry: Triton n"'f hel .n opening 
for • wOftl·1tUdy I .. ta,.,. ContKt 

M.rII~ 

GAY PHONE II .... . \n outreach to the 
U.C.S.D. Gay conl/nunity. Information 
or luIt w.nt to tal1l7 412·JI31II1I1 

AlMItive Training for wom.n. If 1ft-
t .... ted. Ilgn up loon Wom.n·1 C.ntar 
or call Bacca .t CounHIlng Ind 
Plychologlc.1 Servlcel. 462·37l1li. 
Enrollment limited. 14/11 

Wlnt.d TENORS .. ...... .. for Chlmb.r 
Choir 141. MMta on Mon. Wed. 4:00 to 
5:50. If you lik. lingln" contact Dr. 
John W. L.r"l.t the Mullc Dept. 14/4) 

CHILD CARE OPENINGS 
Th. Day Care C.nter i. Icc.ptlng 
enrollment for children from the I"e. 2· 
6 y .. rs. We are availlbl. to student • • 
faculty and stiff of UCSD only. Stop by 
or clll462·2788. 14/9) 

WRITING COURSE: Stud.nts who have 
pused Subj.ct A I>ut want to further 
improve their writing may .nroll in 
litl Eng 10 12units). 14/9) 

FOREIGN STUDENTS and tho.. for 
whom English i. a s.cond languaga 
who are intere.ted in improving their 
writing skill. · enroll in a spacial section 
of Lit / En» 10. Come to 1254 H· L Or 
K2522. 1419) 

Writing Tutors for Fill '75: Enroll in 
litereture Gen.reI1M. Th. T .. ching of 
Writing. Com. to 1254 H· L or cIIi x2fi22 
to IPply Ind pickup course dltcription. 
14/9) 

SUNDAY WORSHIP AT UNIVERSITY 
CHURCH. Romln Cltholic . 8:30 1m 
Ind 5:00 pm IDonovln Ind Clmpb.1Il 
Lutheran · 10:00 .m IHuber) Epl.coPII . 
12:30 pm IYoung) Eve,.,one welcom. 
14/4) 

BID 132: C.II Bio by Wolfe condition 
exc.lI.nt. Save Some money .nd give 
me I cell Z7O-46T1. 14/41 

Motorcycle H.lmet for .. Ie. $20 4112· 
91. Grant. 14/4) 

Wom.n·. wetsuit Imedluml· Jlcket. 
long john. hood. booti... Excellent 
condition $50.00 C.II 1il3-1i811 14/111 

L.ndcrui .. r p.rta . 4 tir .. & wheal • • 
wlter pump. beck Itep. ml.c. C.II 224-
7794 or 224-711314/41 

Scubl Equipment . Completa outfit. 
Pref., to .. II u • whole but will Mil by 
perta. _./beet off., L.r,., 412·.12 
14/41 

TENT TRAILER · sturdy. home built. 11" 
whea" with .tove & double bed. ideal 
for d_rt or B.ia. x3140 or ~ 14m 

I need ca.h f •• t l Mu.t .. II Nikkorex 
Clmerl with t.lephoto Ind electronic 
flesh · $140. AI.o lelting Sony TC-40 
I.cture tape record.r . •• klng $80 •• 462· 
04n Or I .. ye not. in soaring club office 
for Frenk (4/41 

'64 Che vy II $275 Mike 263·3890 14/91 

Hang·Glider 18 ft. Eiper Flexl Flyer. 
Great Shape. Bu vs Kite. Ha rn •••• & 
Tool • . $300 Dory · "-62·935814/71 

1972 Norton Com nando Excl'nt cond .• 
lo· mi $1400. 19n Honda 100Slo Only 
2000 mi. Need. littl. work. $150 or 
bllt/ offer. 1911 H,ndl 306. CII .. ic l 
Taken .part, but f" erything·. here. $IiO. 
755·6838 .ve • . Mar io. 14/71 

CITROEN . '7O-21:V. MEHARI . 40.000 
m il •• 46 milel/ geUon • $1100. 436-873 
141111 

Dual 1214 turntaT)le. Shure Cartridg • . 
one ye., old $90/ be.t oHer. Schwinn 
Var.i ty 10-.peed bike 50$. 453-7631 14/7) 

'57 TR3 Runs Good $800 or best offer 
469·7557 k.ep try"'g (4/41 

Harvey' . wetsuit, Yo ", h,gh w i.t • • mall. 
w ,th hood & booties Execellent cond 
Jeff 452 9970 14/71 

PdgC 8 Trito n Time April 4, 197') 

What's Happening 
UPPER DIVISION STUDENTS: TEP 115-1. needa Tutor/Ald .. n_I Elemen· 
tary Ind Secondery Tutorl Aid .. 
n.eded. e.pecially bilingual. CII •• 
m .. ts Tuesday .... In HL " • . SUNn 
Montrose et 4112·2117. 14/7) 

Part time ltud.nta II ... than I units by 
April 111 a .. eligible for. refund of % 
the Education F.. 1.,. Qu_tlORl 
Ihould be addreeaed to the Reglltrer·. 
office 14/71 

OPEN CLASS: Contemporary IMU .. 21. 
Sim. B. "Political Ideolog ..... ··1 IUrvey 
poll. sci. c .... MW 2:30-3: •• P & L2M2. 
Add It Muir Interdllclpllnery 
Sequene ... HSS 2nd floor. 14/71 

ATTENTION COMMUTERS. V.c.ney 
on Revelle Program Board for one noft-
r .. ldent student. Appllcltionl lveillbl. 
in Revelle ProvOlt Office Ind Reville 
R .. id.nt Deln' l Offic. . De.dline 
Mond.y. April 7. 4 :00 pm. 14/7) 

SEX CLINIC: Coun •• li,,!: on S.xual 
Probllms. Wed . 3·5 pm; Revell. 
Coun .. lors OHice Inext to the Rev. 
Provost Office) . Judith Jorgensen. 
M.D.·Hugh Pate • . Ph.D. 13/ 14) 

OASIS NEEDS TUTORS: If yOU need 4 
units of credit and are a junior Or senior 
Intera.tad in tutoring a lower division 
math or science course. call 462·3760 Or 
come to Bldg. 250 MC for info. 14/4) 

OASIS IS OFFERING EFFECIVE 
READING .STUDY SKILLS. AND NOTE· 
TAKING CLASSES. ALL GROUPS WILL 
BEGIN SECOND WEEK OF QUARTER. 
FOR INFO ON WHEN AND WHERE TO 
SIGN UP. CHITA AT 462·3760 OR COME 
TO BLDG. 250 MC. 14/7) 

Overnight Camp Trip to Desert open to 
all. Leave tonight 5:30 pm. from 
Univers ity Lutheran Churc h and return 
Sat. evening. Bring sleep ing bag. a bag 
lunch and a f_ dollars. For details. 
John Huber. 469-8866 or 453-0561 . 14/4) 

WOMEN'S CENTER: Anyon. int.rested 
In joining or t.lching a Ba.ic Auto 
M.chenic. cll •• thil quarter Olgl x2023 
14/7) 

Women'. C.nter II looking for female 
voluntear to wort! 2 or 3 hOUri teechlng 
worll.hopl. X21Z3-D.n or Olga or D.na 
It 412·1231.nytlme. 14/41 

R .. ldent Advllor Appllcatlone-·plck up 
r.f.,ral from Stud.nt Employm.nt 210 
MC. For Rev.lle .. ... Rick B.yer or 
MI,., Cox In Rllid.nt D_ne Offlc •• 
Argo H.II. 3DZ7. For ThIrd .. • .. 
R .. ldent Dean'l 701 MC. For Muir: ... 
CI.o M.lo ... or linda F.rara. Rllident 
D .. ne Offlc.. X42IIO. D .. dll ..... April 
".4 PM 141111 

P .. r Advllor Appllcatlone for Fourth 
College ... now being .ccepted. Get. 
ref.,rel .lIp from the Student Em· 
ployment Office on M.tthawI. Ap· 
plic.tion deadline in April 11. 1m .t 
4:30 pm. For info J.nnl Murray or Mlrty 
Conol.y.t 2Ii8O HL. 4112 ..... 14/41 

NEUROSCIENCES 241 HISTORY OF 
MEDICINE Cour .. Code #.1 1 Unit 
Credit. AVIII.bl. to Medic.l. Un· 
dergraduate and Gredu.te Student • . 
3-4:30 14/41 

The Lobby Ann.x Aeferndum i. in the 
mail. Please f,lI out and depo.it in 
boxes located at III cafeteril'. Student 
Center. and Cluater & Central lIbr.ri ••. 
If you do not rec.ive one by Friday. 
c ome by Lobby Annex Office . 2nd 
Floor Student Center. 14/4) 

A list of the R.velle Seniors who h.v. 
declered their candid.cy for Spring 
Quarter. 1975 hal been posted on the 
board out.ide the R.velle Provost'. 
Off ice. Pleas. c heck to be certl in that 
your name is on this list. 14111 ) 

D.pt. of Economic. S.miner. Fri.. April 
4. 3:30 PM. 3216 HIL. Profe •• or Jos.ph 
Sti g litz Stanford Un iversity . " OP· 
TIONAL TAXATION : ALTERNATIVE 
APPROACHES TO REDISTRIBUTION 
OF INCOME" 14/4) 

Student followsh ip group resumes this 
Sunday. 7:00 to 9:00 pm. at University 
Church lounge. op.n to all. (4 /4) 

BENEFIT RUMMAGE & BAKE SALE 
April 12 • • ponlored by U.C.S.D. DIY 
C.re C.nter. I .m. IF you 'd likl to 
donate something. 412·2718. 14/11 

MCAT PreparaUon COUfH mMta each 
Thufl 1":30 p.m. In Bulc Science 
Building 2100. For Info 4112· 4170. (I/II 

GAY STUDENTS MEETING Monday. 
Revelle Informal Loung •• 7:00. Wom.n 
.nd m.n w.lcoma. 14/71 

Yog.Club 
Meet. Thund.ye 1 :30·1 :30 in the 
.daptlve room All welcome · Beginning 
In.tructlon 14/41 

SURF CLUB M .. tlng Wednndey. 4/1 
7:30 pm P & L 111714/11 

UCSD Society of FantalY and Science 
Fiction LOUNGE Conf.,enci Room. 
April 7 topic: Th. Work. to Andre 
Norton 14/7) 

Anyon. inter .. t.d in working on the 
fourth .nnual "I" a one-act can· 
figuration attend the drama club 
meeting Sunday at 11 :00 in BI.ke 
Conference Room 14 /4) 

Transc.ndental Meditators: Advanced 
me.tlng .nd group meditation Mon. 
April 7 .t 7 PM in Revelle Form.1 
Lounge. For into Joe Riecker. 280· 1840. 
298·6966 IS.I.M.S.) 1417) 

SINGLE PARENTS · Caught in finlncial 
bind w ith Welt"e D.pt? Find out what 
can and is being done about the 
situation. Mon. 4/7 at 4091· H Miremar 
St. IM.aa Apts.) at 7:00. For into, Andre 
. 453-6393 or Women's Center 462·2023. 
14 /7) 

SELF TRANSFORMATION WORKSHOP 
. .eri.. of Im.1I grolip .... ion. fOr 
con.eel tlve Sit. In April. Fr ... for info: 
l7O-li22I. 272·1133. 724-M7I 13/14) 

Advertisements for Ourselves 
Schlum·. Gen.tlc. ; SRB ' S Gen. 
Gen.tic.; EI Tun.l; Vivlr Hoy; W •• e", 
Qu.nt. Chem . . John 7&1-121114/71 

Nllhlk l 10 .peed. 25 Inch frame. e.trl 
wide renge g .. ring. unlv.rsal .Ide 
puili . Sugin" crank .. t . excell.nt 
condition 1. 4112·&11214/7) 

Wet Suit · O' Neil IPing .ult $30 lik. new 
4112..ai7'O 14/41 

10 Spd Bike · S.nator . 10 month old. a. 
new. CIII463-51. Aft" 4 PM. 14/41 

12 Hond. CL3IiO in very good condition 
$IIiO/ of41t' or trade wlgood condition 
tranlportltion car. 273-0137 Ev ... 14/4) 

HP-IIi Progremmlble celculetor. MOO. 
D.v • . 7&1-3130. 14/41 

Ski 800te • P.K. Comp.. High beck. 
foam· to-fit. brand new. never bean 
fDlmed. Shell .IE. II ~10. but will fit 
.meller. COlt $1., n_. I'll tall. helf 
thet or Iny r ... onabl. off.,. P.ul It 
... 1m. 14/4) 

De., .. t Nlney. 
In whit cel .. ti., country Ow.lle.t 
thou. Parziv.1 14/4) 

Kiddo: What kind of fool am 17 I' ll .till 
tango w ith you anyd.y.··Bird Leg. 14/4) 
D. Sanchez: I left my folk and fr iends. 
but d idn't want to. You make b.ing 
bac k better though. Love you . 14/4) 

FRANCOIS, vous eat.s ma vra i amour. 
comme une belle fleur d.ns Ie prin· 
t e mps . Dor vou. toujour •. ANTOINE. 
14/4) 

Sherr!. Sher,.,. 5i,. , : r inocchio wun't 
much fun .Ion • . So cIIi me. Tom lPark 
Placel 2e3.Q4I 14/41 

Need 3 .trong b.ckl to move furniture. 
$2/ hr. 753-5644, 753-0632. (4 /4) 

Portable Black a nd Whita T.V. w ith UH· 
F Ju lie: 462·1152 14/ 9) 
Bicycle w ,th old . tyl. b.lloon t ir ... in 
work",y lor close tal cond ition. Jerry ' 
452 9350 14/4) 

NEED EXTRA CASH7 Plying Top Dollar 
for your U.S. SIIv., Coin. minted before 
1 .... K.n Cl·132I 14/41 

Wlnted · old cheep .. I •• celculu. booll. 
Henk 7&1-3101514/4) 

Science 4C IPhYllc.1 text book . 
Hilliday & Re.nlck with yellow cover 
I reviled .ditionl. Stan 274·_714/71 

Used 10 .peed. gd. condo 7&1-7702 lev.l. 
14/71 

Helpl Need ride from UCSD to South 
Bey. Monday .nd W.dn •• dlY .fter .ix. 
Will h.lp PlY for g ••. Mlrk. 427·21n. 
14/4) 

UI.d Lab Co.t. Good Cond.. to fit 
person I ft. . 1. Ibl. Doug. 222·1711. 
btwn 1 & 1:30 I .m. 14/41 

Roomm.t. needed for 2 bdrm .pt. In 
P.B. Pool. $12 .• mo. John ~ 14/41 
M/Roommate needed Spr. Qtr. to .he,. 
• 2·bedroom .pt. .t La Jolla Villa .... 
N.r pool. jacuul. $7I.71/month 
utllItIII. Cl·-.:J 14/41 

ROOMMATE WANTED: B.autiful 3 bdr. 
houle on cliff. in O.B. Own room $71.50 
& utilitie • • backyerd •• tairw.y to cove 
etc. 223·7539. L.te i. b •• t . efter 11pm. 
14/ 111 

M.le Or Femele Roommat. ne.ded to 
shere two bedroom apartment at La 
Jolla Village. Pool & jacuzzi nearby. 
$67.50/ month & utiliti ... 453·815714/11) 

Shere larg • • unique 3 BR . 2B house in 
Minion Hills with young Ilwyer. 5 
decks. view in every room. canyon lot. 
large s unk.n bath. sta ined gla .. 
w indows. pool tabl. and cle.ning lady 
and all utilit iel paid. $206 mo. 291 ·6016 
Ifter 5 pm. (04 /7) 
Hou •• mate needed for 2 bedroom 
cottlge in Encinit ••. Furni.hed. Would 
like person over 21 . Rent 86-90 month 
inc. utiliti ... 14/91 

Mile Or Female to shere n .. t & clean 3 
BDRM. Own room. 3 ml to c.mpu • • 
96.001 mo. C.II463·7317 evenlngl. (4/1' 

F/ Roommate need.d beginning April 
12th to . hare L. Joll. Villige Apt. Own 
larg. room. pet. and pllnt. w.lcom • . 
.115.00/ month. Contact Trucll. 411 ·1121. 
14/7) 
F Roommat. needed. Share Room $75. 
Solana Beach. 4110406(4/9) 

Couple to shere oce.nview rOOm 
Hou. e . On the b.ac h in Del Mer 23rd 
s tr. $75 a Pllc • . 756·1123 • Max Green 
(4/41 

4rg. room with beth in Del M" hou.e. 
$86 aVlII. April 17. 7&1-1423. 14/4) 

W.nted mile to .here Del Mar hou ... 
Own room. $17.50. Communal cooking. 
hou.ekeeping. 7&l-3M3 ev.ning • . 1417) 

Rent unfurn rm in furn 0.1 Mar dupl.x. 
Gerd.n. oc •• n vi_. $70. 715-l31li level . 
14/71 

Wanted: 2 F.male non· .mokar. to 
.har. double room in Sign· up. for Muir 
Aplrtm.nt. Next Fill. Jlnet or Holly 
463-861114/41 

3 BR. Pllymor Townhou.e 2BA. Brick 
p.tio. p.rtly furni.hed. only I monthl 
old. Includ'l new refrigeretor. .p. 
pli.nc... .v.lllble June 15. 412·2131. 
222·2322104111) 

FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED I L. 
Jolla Viliag. Apt. Minut .. from school 
$80 • month inc Iud .. Pool. W •• hroom. 
Jlcuzzl. C.1I4I2·1337. 14/41 

Roommate _nted. Own room In 
hou.. In Solane B .. ch. Sun. Tr_. 
y.rd. PrIv.cy. Till Ju... 11. • . Latlt 
month·. rent required. __ al14/41 

You cln .till .cquire Public L.nd FREEl 
Governm.nt L.nd DiI,e.t. Box 2217, 
Norman. Okllhoma 73011104/211 

RESEARCH AIDS . North Americ. ·. 
lerge,t .ervice. For c.talogue .end $2 
to: E ... y Service., P.O. Box 1218. 
Niagra Falla. N.Y. 14302. Also, campus 
repre •• nt.tive. required. PI .... write. 
416·386·8649. Ip 6/6) 

Add • timer to your HP-G. No rilk. 
do .. n·t void wa".nty. S.me dl.pl.y 
mode and operetion I. Hp·!iI. D.ve 212· 
9932. 14/4) 

HAI 'RCUTS on c.mpu. by I 
prof ... ionel. M/cut. C.II Mergle 412· 
9a on Ith floor Tiog • . H· • . 14/4) 

WEEDS PULLED. ground cle"ed .nd 
cultlv.ted for VEGETABLE GARDENS. 
Expert pruning .nd trimming of .hrub •• 
hedg ... and tr .... Digging. AI 277·3121) 
14/ 111 

SElF· KNOWLEDGE & SelF. 
ACCEPTANCE CREATE A LIFE OF 
LOVE & JOY. NO ONE BUT YOURSelF 
CAN PREVENT THIS. LEARN HOW· 
NOT WHAT·TO THINK . SCIENCE OF 
MIND SUN 11 AM 1401 WINDSOR . 
CARDIFF 463-1.2. 753-4728 info. 14/4) 

FREE MOVIE Monday Apr. 7 " The 
Wizerd of Oz" Muir I .nd Dime I pm 
14/71 

Wom.n·1 Weakly Film Serl ... TUES. 
April I. e pm. Revelle C.fe. "Ang.1e 
D.vll; Portrait of a Revolutionary". 
"MlrI.na" •• nd "J.nI.·. J.nl .... Fr ... 
14/71 • 

Prof .. lor Hel.n Longino from Phil. 
Dept. will be In the Women'l Cent., 
April e. Tuaeday for • Brown Bag 
Lunch. 14/71 

An .nnouncement for .11 ....... rate. 
bored .tudentl. The CO·OPlCOLLEGES 
ALL CAMPUS DANCE will be on April 
11 from 1 pm . 2 .m .t Revell. PI.E •. ••· 
More n_1 to come. 14/41 

free Bridge Le .. on. .pon.ored by 
UCSD bridge club. Bring your frlendl . 
SundlY nights. Revell. Clf.terai 14/71 

Duplicate bridge tournlments Sunday 
nights .t 7:00 in Revelle North Dining 
Ha ll. 1417) 

TALENT SHOW · Mey 3 . C •• h prizes . 
Tryout. will be held . Stop by Revelle 
Resident D.an·. Office by April 11 for 
Info. (4 /9) 

Mandevill. Art G.llery . Miriem 
Sch.piro: Th. 'Shrln. Ind The 
Dollhoule la retrop.ctiv. exhlbltion l. 
April 1·27. Gallery hours ara Sund.y 
through FridlY 12·5. 14/25) 

Union of Democretic Filipino. & AASA 
.re conducting a p.tition camp.ign to 
.top U.S . military lid to the Philippln ••. 
Rev.lle Plaza. 11 ·2 pm .• W.d. & Fri. 14/41 

John G . Pinto. Ph. D. Auilt.nt 
R •• earch Engin • ., D.pt. of AMES· 
BiDlngin .. ring UCSD will .peek on 
P.pill.,., Mu.cl •• nd Left V.ntrlcular 
Mechlnic • . Fri. Apr. 4. 2:00 p.m. Room 
B241. B •• ic Sci.nce Building. MC 14/4) 

LOIt: SRIO C.lculator 3/11 Nut to 
Mindeville Center In front of Gym. 
Identifying Merkl. R_.rd. Cl ...... 
B.rb. 14/41 

If you have tool. that belong In the 
Rev.lle tool kit pl_.. return them 
.ometime naxt w .. k . Thank •• C.thy. 
14/41 

Found: 0 Chem text. 2nd floor Bonner. 
Inqulre:M21 Bonner.' 14/41 

LOST Blu. Jlcket . Mond.y April 11t In 
USB 2122 217·2410 Rick Av.ry (4/4) 
LOST: Gold cufflink with red .tone . .,. 
3710 14/41 

LOST: Burgundy velvetean j.cket 4-1 in 
Plych 112 cl... In HL 11.. PI .... 
return to P&L2133 or langu .... offlc •. 
P&L212114/41 

SOUTH AMERICA It GALAPAGOS 
ISLES 2-4 Month Experlenc_. low-coat 
Brochur. : . NEWWORLD 
EDUCATIONAL TRIPS PO BOX 2131 
SeUnel. C.13I0114/41 

EUROPE· ISRAEL·AFRICA·ORIENT Low 
co.t flightl. tOUrs. the whole .tud.nt 
bit. At our offlc. ov., 200 FREE non· 
com.,cl.1 p.mphleta. brochu,. •. ··blg 
buckl .. vlng. ESTC 110 W. Sixth. Suite 
311 L.A. 10014121311123-2121 1111/8) 

SSW Trevel Offic. .. ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'I Student 10. Eurail. Ho.t.1 Cerd • • 
Tripping M.glline. etc. UCSD in-
tarnetlonal Centar 412-0130 11 Im-4 pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Clolld Tue.·Thun. 
1111/11 

EUROPE · ISRAEL & ORIENT Lowcolt 
.tudent flights I" y_r round. A.I .S .T. 
1 .. S. L. Cleneg. Blvd. LOI Angel ... 
lOII3I (7141 144-1333 Or 12131 112·2727 
1111111 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEl. ORIENT. Low prlc .. · long .nd 
.hort flight. . limited 'P'C'. 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1. 
W .. twood Blvd. LA. Il102412131 111-1121 
or 477·1112 11111 

LOW COST TRAVEL 
'J'n,H' (Jr!P", ~ l)(IlJltl 

r~ I fl •. II ,t 
T r .tVf·1 { PI ilJ' I • ,1 {;, [) IJ 4 r' 

AJ/ ':lJI-

H ", ~ 1'1,·. ',.' 'J.1 i( ',1 
1 1 , ',1 Ii !, I! J (~ 


