
New Dean' 
Learns 
theRopes 

by RaaAnbar 
StaffWrHer 

Acting Dean of Graduate studies 
and Research Manuel Rotenberg 
found himself behind a new desk as 
of July 1975. 

His stay there will be detennined 
by the university's success in 
fi nding a new dean of graduate 
studies and research. 

'I1lis Is the second of • tw.,...art 
article about the Office of 
Graduate Studiel ad Researcb 
and AcUq Dean of Graduate 
Studies Muael KGteDberg 

Rotenberg took over the job 
earlier this year. He is now in 
charge of a multlfaceted depart-
ment which is responsible for 
many of the services provided to 
graduate students on this campus 
including admissions, financing, 
and the graduate advancement 
program. 

The dean 01 graduate studies 
serves as the administrative arm 
of the Graduate Council, a standing 
committee of the Academic 
Senate, and is responsible for the 
administration and continued 
development of programs of 
graduate studies and research. A 
review of graduate programs in 
UC San Diego departments takes 
place each year. Names for the 
review committee are submitted 
by the various departments. 
Rotenberg coordinates this process 
as the Graduate Council has 
become more involved in the 
process this year. 

Oversees the Implementation 
Rotenberg also oversees the 

implementation of institutional 
support grants at uam, such as 
grants given by the National 
Institute of Health (NIH) and the 
National Science Foundation 
(NSF) to individual faculty 
members as well as sponsoring 
Resident Assistantships for 
students. 

As in all administration offices a 
major complaint is the scarcity of 
money. 

"Part of the job I don't like is 
having to choose who to give 
re ources to," explained Roten-
berg. Sometimes he gets 'out of it 
by letting a faculty committee 
decide, he said. 

Thrust into the mediating job 
between the administration and 
the Graduate Student Union 
Rotenberg finds that most of his 
time lately has been consumed by 
the negotiations. 

Commenting about the 
negotiations Rotenberg said, "On 
the one hand graduate students 
have legitimate complaints, while 
on the other hand the faculty has 
legitimate perogatives. The 
problem is to find a solution that 
will satisfy one party without 
violating the traditional rigtts of 
the other. " 

The "very very small" influence 
Rot<!nberg has on management of 
a large and complicated 
organization Is enough to give hUn 
satisfaction, IBid Rotenberg. 
Highly IateDta_t GnIIIp" Peeple 

"We're not dealing with mere 
employees. We're dea~ with a 
faCulty and dealinl with students 
~th of wblch are hiablYlIIedecl, 
highly inteW,e • ..,.... of people. 
It's not like an ordinal'J COIIIIIUY 
where you can _p your ' ..... 
and demand ICIIIIethinl be dcIne," 
said Rote .... apia ...... the 
dJfficulti alb Job. 

McElroy 
DeDlands 
Strike Roll 
AFT Urges 
"N 0 Report" 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

500 people att.nded Wedne.elay'. GSU rally 

While Chancellor McElroy has 
issued a statement placing prime 
responsibility for reporting 
striking teaching assistants upon 
supervising faculty, and depart-
ment chairmen, the campus 
faculty union has disagreed with 
the Chancellor. 

GSUNoontiIne Rally Draws 500; 
"McElroy Should Tighten His Belt" McElroy , in a statement 

released Wednesday, reminded 
faculty that strikes are illegal and 
Regents' policy demands 
disciplinary action. 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

The Graduate Student Union 
(GSU) explained why it instituted 
the three day work stoppage before 
a crowd of 500 at a noontime rally 
Wednesday at the Revelle Plaza. 

According to Jim Kavanaugh, a 
member of the GSU negotiating 
committee, the graduate students 
initiated the work stoppage "to 
give the administration an in-
centive to negotiate." 

Kavanaugh gave a brief history 
of the GSU and its negotiations 
with UC San Diego adIniqistration: 
He believes that the administration 
is more likely to negotiate this year 
than it was last year. 

Kavanaugh said that last year 
the GSU had to negotiate with a 
whole team of administrators 
while this year they have only had 
to work with one administration, 
Manuel Rotenburg, Acting Dean of 
Graduate Studies. 

LWV Forum 

Tom Lewis, another GSU 
member, said that the current T A 
controversy has caused economic 
hardships for the graduates and 
"increased the depersonalization 
process for the undergraduates." 

He called for economic reforms 
on a statewide basis to raise the 
funds which will solve the T A 
deficiency but said it might be 
difficult to enact refonns in the 
immediate future. Lewis said the 
UC administration could use the 
UC President's discretionary fund 
for TA's as a measure of their good 
faith towards the GSU. 

Bear the Brunt 
Lewis said that the GSU would 

resist any movement to take 
money from the lowest paid em-
ployees in the university. He called 
upon the highest paid ad-
ministrators to bear the brunt of 
providing funds for the T As. 

Speaking in support of the GSU 
action, Susan Stanfield of CaIPIRG 
urged students to conduct teach-ins 

Discussion on Del Mar 
Proposals 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

The pros and cons of the 11 
questions on the Del Mar Com-
munity Plan were discussed 
Tuesday in a forum sponsored by 
the League of Women Voters. 

The forum featured county 
government officials and members 
of the various task forces who 
hP.lped write the plan, and who 
explained specific areas of the 
plan. Del Mar voters have from 
Nov. 15-22 to vote on the ll-question 
poll. The outcome of the vote will 
determine the direction that Del 
Mar will take in the future with 
regard to residential and com-
mercial development and open 
space. 

Dave Keeling of the Residential 
Task Force said his conunJUee 
found that if the old General Plan 
were left intact, 85 multi-family 
units would be built for every one 
single famOy unit built in Del Mar. 
His committee proposed that this 
ratio be reduced to 30 multi-family 
Wlits for every one aingIe family 
unit bullt, to create more ot a 
.... nce between apartment and 
duplaes and hoUiel in Del Mar. 

The committee's recom-
mendationa are conred by 
propouIs 1,2 and 3 on the baDot. 
Propoul 1 t.'GIICel'lll how many 
livin8 units .. r aere IhouId be built 
in Del Mar. Prapanenta of the 
....... .. y that CCIIItrolIinI tile 
de y of building would allow Del 

to .... in ita vUlqe eblracter. 
CIppCIMIIla .. the propouI 

say that it would endanger the 
village-like quality of Del Mar by 
replacing homes with more ex-
pensive, harder to maintain 
structures. 

Proposal 2 would restrict the 
amount of space that residences 
could cover on a lot. Proponents 
believe that restricting buildings to 
a nouse size will preserve the open 
space of the community. 
Opponents of the proposal feel that 
it would make it financially in-
feasible to build adequate sized 
homes for family living. 

C .. lltent with Average Rents 
Proposal 3, the density bonus 

plan, would allow for high density 
building in some areas if the 
owners kept rents at a level con-
sistent with average rents in San 
Diego. Proponents say that in 
allowing for density bonuses, Del 
Mar would be fulfilling its duty as a 
charter city to provide housing for 
low-income groups. Opponents of 
the proposal say that it would 
create a low rent district; they 
maintain that low cost housing 
should be spread throughout the 
community as under the present 
zoning. 

Richard Simons, a member of 
the commercial task force, said 
that hiI committees, comprised 
half of residents and half of 
buaineumen, agreed that Del Mar 
should have an attractive 
pede trian-oriented, well-
inte,rated downtown area. 
PropouIs 4, i and • deal with this 
area. Propoul4 would relocate the 

C. J 

at the struck sessions to educate 
the undergraduate about the GSU. 

Mike Zarate, speaking for the 
Student Coalition Against Racism 
(SCAR), said that it also supported 
the GSU work stoppage and that 
SCAR opposed any cutbacks in 
education. 

Leslie Franz, of the Students for 
Tom Hayden for US Senate, said 
the Hayden campaign " in the 
name of student rights, demands a 
re-ordering of priorities. " 

Nick Gillespie of the UCSD 
Young Americans for Freedom 
(YAF) supported the GSU, saying 
"Y AF demands a re-ordering of 
educational priorities and an 
improvement in the quality of 
education." The Y AF leader said 
. that the T A/student ratio should be 
improved. 

Tigbten Tbeir Belts 
The Young Socialists Alliance 

and Students for Omari Musa 
representative Yvonne Hays said 
" the Rockerfellers and McElroys 
of this world should tighten their 
belts. Students have a right to an 
education and graduate students 
have a right to be funded for the 
work they perfonn." 

Marco LiMandri of the Student 
Cooperative and the Anti-CIA 
coalition said the role of the 
university should be changed. 

Among the other groups sup-
porting the GSU walkout at the 
rally were the Iberian Peninsula 
Information Group; the Women's 
Center; the Asian-American 
Student Alliance; and the 
Association of Federal, State, and 
Municipal Employees. 

A petition of support from a 
Natural science lA class was also 
read at the rally. The petition in-
cluded 138 names. 

Before the rally began, folk 
singer and IWW Ia bor organizer 
Utah Philip! perfonned in support 
of the GSU. 

" Primary responsibilities for 
insuring ... continuity of in-
struction ... rests with supervising 
faculty and secondary respon-
sibility with the departmental 
chainnen," said McElroy. 

The American Federation of 
Teachers (AFT), on the other 
hand, has urged all faculty to not 
report striking T As. " Such action 
can in no way be considered to be a 
violation of any Faculty code or 
chairman responsibilities to 
students ... To use the faculty Code 
or the Policy and PrOcedure 
Manual (to force reporting TAs) ... . 
is to distort the concept of 
professional responsibility ... " 
(Triton Times, Oct. 19). 

Academic Senate (AS ) chainnan · 
Sheldon Schultz sent a letter 
yesterday, supporting the Chan-
cellor's position to all UC San 
Diego faculty placing respon-
sibility " for the proper educational 
functioning" of all classes to the 

CoatiDued on Page 3 

GSU ......... 
Michael W.is .... nn 

Strike Effect Gauged 
The Graduate Student Union (GSU) work stoppage, has proven to be 

at least 80 percent successful in its goal of closing down sections, 
according to an infonnal Triton Times survey . 

The survey taken Wednesday and yesterday included random 
samplin8 of classes in natural science, social science and the 
humanities, and found only 'Z1 of 73 sectP;s meeting. The work 
stoppage continues through today. \ 
Figure compiled b Mark lodler, Daniel howler, 
Deborah Weber and Rqbin DeRieu. 

This 63 percent boycott figure includfwt .. 
into account whether sections being held were taught by professors. 

Leaving out lab sections, only 18 or 62 sections checked were held: a 
71 percent boycott figure. 

The work stoppage was most effective in the humanities. Only six of 
37 cia the Triton Times checked supervised by graduate 
students in the literature department met. 

Natural science cia were meeting on a far more regular basis. 
Nine of 11 lab tions met, shile en of 13 math ctions checked 

ref tobem ' 



... 

e Editor 

Food Won't Help 
If Yo 're Already Full of It 

Last Mooday, a letter eotitIed "Fed Up" (n, Nov. 17) written by a 
Steven M. Gould wu called to my atte.-ion. J would Uke to offer the 
foUcnn.. rebutuiL 

Mr. Gould, I find your letter to be very general, offering few facta, and 
merely provq that you think in absolutes. You offer no data on which J 
can bale the assumption that you are capable of seeing more than one 
side of any problem. Points of view, like colors, come in all shades and 
hues, across a full spectrum of values. To narrow yourself to one 
wavelength means that you lose the ability to see the whole problem 
clearly. J would like to reveal to you some of the other colors of this 
particular problem, i.e. food service at Muir Commons. 

You mention that the fee for living in the donna and eating in the 
Commons has increased approximately 10 per cent and state that since 
you are paying 10 per cent more money you should be getting improved 
service. That sounds fine as far as it goes, and I would agree if you hadn't 
neglected a very obvious circumstance. 

In the last year our economy has been undergoing its usual inflation at 
a rate averaging BrOlDld 10 per cent. That means that just to maintain the 
same level of service will cost 10 per cent more this year. For the last 
year I have been living off campus and the year before that I lived in the 
Muir Apartments. I have been buying my own food for the last two years. 
I know that my food budget has increased more than 10 per cent per year, 
and my eating habits are eDctly the same now as they were two years 
ago. If your food budget only increased 10 per cent you,are getting a good 
deal. 

It's amazing how problems tend to get more complex when you spend a 
liWe more time thinking about them. Allow me to illustrate. You ask us 
not to overcook the vegetables. Let me reveal the whole problem to you. 
When cooking vegetables for ~700 people you must realize that all 600-
700 people wili not be eating in exactly the same time period. This means 
the vegetables must be kept warm. We do this by means of what we call 
the "Hotline." As I'm sure you know, constant exposure to heat tends to 
cook things. Not all the vegetables for a whole meal are prepared in 
advance. That would be ridiOOous and would mean that some vegeta bles 
would end up horribly overcooked. However some vegetables must 
inevitably sit on the "hoUine" a little while. I give you a choice, cold 
vegetabies, or sometimes slighUy overcooked vegetables. 

A few of your other points are simply ludicrous and show that you have 
spent no time in gathering facts. You ask us not to serve stale pastry and 
rolls. Our pastry and rolls are baked fresh daily by Revelle. You ask that 
we do not serve • 'unfresh lettuce ... Our lettuce is delivered fresh 3-4 times 
weekly and is refrigerated until just prior to use. I personally can't think 
of any households, mine included, that buy lettuce and fresh bread more 
often than weekly, if that often. You ask us to serve real meat. Unless you 
are eating the vegetarian entrees, in which case you shouldn't be con-
cerned, you are eating real meat. 

Do you realize that you are only paying $2.80 (approx. ) per day? For 
that price you are getting the following : BREAKFAST- eggs any style 
every day, and omelettes on some days; meat twice a week (more often 
than I can afford it), hash browns, pancakes, waffles or french toast, 
with jelly, hot cereal, cold cereal (an assorted variety), fruit juices, milk 
(homogenized, nonfat and chocolate), coffee, tea, and hot chocolate. 
LUNCH- Two entrees, a vegetarian entree, hamburgers, cheeseburgers, 
french fries, vegetables, soup, salad, two kinds of jello, cottage cheese or 
yogurt, bread, cookies, cakes, fruit, lettuce, tomatoes, onions and other 
condiments, carrot and celery sticks and other raw vegetables, all the 
breakfast drinks, minus fruit juice plus soda, lemonade and fruit punch. 
DINNER- basically the same as lunch with minor changes in salads and 
excluding hamburgers. 

Because of the set-up of the cafeteria you are allowed to eat as much of 
and as many of the above items as you wish. And all this for only $2.80 per 
day. 

You ask for another entree. ASSUming we had the manpower to prepare 
another entree ( which we don't), or that you would be willing to pay the 
extra money it would take (which I'm sure you're not) ,would it solve the 
problem? No. Instead of griping about what we do have,' if you have a 
recipe you think tastes good, write it up and submit it. If it is feasible we 
would be happy to consider it. Another point you bring up is that you 
would like us to degrease the meat and poultry. I assure you every effort 
is made to serve the meat as greaseless as possible. Perhaps instead of 
being so horribly general, you would like to come by and discuss some 
specific techniques for doing this. 

The last point you mention in your letter is the " fly problem." You 
blame us for the flies . That is wholly an impractical attitude. We are 
tl');ing to control the flies , however it is possible to spray insecticides only 
so often or in certain places before you endanger the health and safety of 
the people e'lting in your establishment. 

If you want to help us, rather than merely whine, I would suggest that 
you look around the eating area next time you are in the cafeteria. Many 
of the fellow students are, to put it mildly, quite messy. You would not 
believe the mess the Commons is left in after every meal until you have 
had to clean it up a few times. Nothing draws flies like food spread ac-
cidentally or intentionally all over the tables, floors, walls, and other 
more unlikely places. If you're going to sit around and shoot the breeze 
for awhile after eating,bus your tray and go back and sit down. Letting a 
tray full of scrr,ps sit in front of you is one sure way to draw flies . 

I would alSo like to suggest that you ask some of your fellow students 
who eat in the 5 and Dime to try and be a little neater. I have seen plates 
with eggs and pancakes (full of syrup) left on the tables for hours (from 1 
am when the 3nackbar stops cooking breakfast until 3:30 pm when the 
clean up crew comes thrOUJ!b). There are many convenient trash cans in 
the 5 and Dim ~. Use them. I have also 8eeu people sit down at a table with 
ga rbage alres dy piled on it and merely eat around it, leaving their gar-
bage to add k ' t/ll pile. Just because it isn't your garbage doesn't mean 
you can't thraw ~ away. If the trash cans are full, find a student worker 
and inform him, and he will be glad to empty it. 

Mr. Gould, 1 am not adverse to criticism, however, inane and short-
sighted criticism is, in my opinion, useless. Anytime anyone has a par-
ticular complaint about the service, he/she/they are welcome to come 
and discuss it with either Mr. Mitchell or myself. 

One more point. J would like to quote you: " If the old adage 'you are 
what you eat' holds true for those of you who dine at the Muir Commons, 
then we are all full of shil" I personally resent being included in such a 
general statement and I am sure many or your fellow students feel the 
same. way. Also I would like to add that at least in some specific cases It 
. would make no difference what you eat. 

RICHARDJAMESSPAHL 

FrIday, November ZI, 1175 

For the Record 
The first letter b~low is from the chairman of the Academic Senate to the 
teaching staff concerning the Graduate Student Union work stoppage; the 
second is from the Student Cooperative requesting a Coop observer on 
the GSU negotiating Committee; the third is the Chancellor's statement 
to the press - released Wednesday - on the work stoppage. 

"It Is With Deep Regret That I Send This Letter ... /I --Shultz 
Dear Colleague: 

It is with considerable regret 
that I write to you at this time. 
Indeed until late last night it has 
been my hope and expectation that 
a letter of this type would not be 
necessary. 

In view of the public discussion 
concerning a work action and 
possible strike by the Graduate 
Student Union, I felt it my 
responsibility as Chainnan of the 
Senate to try to understand what 
the prerogatives and respon-
sibilities of the faculty were in such 
situations. Therefore, many 
months ago I initiated a process 
whereby I sought the opinion and 
experience of the Cbainnen of the 
Division on the other eight cam-
puses, plus additional sources who 
have been concerned with 
academic questions. Tbe response 
I received was unanimous and, 
simply stated, is that the faculty 
member in charge of a course is 
responsible for the proper 
educational functioning of that 
course and, more specifically, is 
the supervisor of the T As and other 
personnel assigned to the course. I 
would urge all of you to read the 
relevant sections of the Faculty 
Code of Conduct and Section 1~7 
of the Policy and Procedure 
Manual. Obviously, the final 
decision of any mode of action 
rests with the individual, and we 
may interpret both the situation 
and regulations with honest dif-
ferences, both philosophical and 
legal. It is my understanding and 

McEI roy by the Book 
I greatly regret that our ex-

tended discussions with a 
negotiating committee of the 
Graduate Student Union have been 
unsuccessful, and that some 
graduate students have voted to 
withdraw their services from the 
teaching program of this in-
stitution. We entered these 
negotiations in good faith, and 
made every effort to meet the 
concerns of the graduate students 
with respect to the conditions of 
their employment at UC San 
Diego. 

opinion (strongly influenced by the 
responses I received, but by no 
means to be regarded as 
exhaustively researched) that it is 
the responsibility of the faculty 
member in charge of a course, If 
queried by the department 
chairman as to the attendance 
record, etc., of those persomel 
assigned to his course, to answer 
such questions responsibly. 

As stated at the outset, It is with 
deep regret that I find it necessary 
to send this letter. J did not do so 
earlier because I did not want it to 
enter as an element of escalation 
or appear as a self-fulfilling 
prophecy. I believe that very real 
progress has been made in 

Coop to GSU 
TO: GSU Negotiating Committee 

IIf'gotiatiOl18 in the past several 
weeks and that the prospects for 
continuing amicable negotiaUoas 
are excellent. I did strongly feel, 
however, that In the absence of any 
prior experience by our Division In 
such circumstances, and the 
general lack of knowledge about 
the issue which I have found in 
private discuaslons with diverse 
members of the faOOty, that It was 
incumbant upon me to send you 
this personal note. 

SINCERELY, 
SHELDON SCHULTZ, 

CHAIRMAN 
'ACADEMICSENATE, 

SAN DIEGO DIVISION 

FROM : Coop Committee on Appointments and Eva luations 

On Monday, November 18, 1975 the Coop voted to formally request the 
Graduate Student Union Negotiating Committee to allow an un-
dergraduate observer to sit in on all further negotiating sessions between 
the GSU and the UCSD administration. 

Undergraduates need a clear line of communication with the GSU 
Negotiating Committee. It is felt that we no longer want to depend on 
either the GSU or the administration for our information. Both groups 
have been somewhat ambiguous in their communications in the past. If 
we are asked for support, we should at least be granted the right to be 
totally aware of what we are supporting and why. 

Therefore, on behalf of the Coop, I request that you now allow such a 
student observer. The Appointments & Evaluations Committee has 
initiated the selection procudure and will have the person chosen in the 
next few days. We would appreciate having your response prior to the 
next negotiating session. 

MARKFINGERMAN,COORDINATOR 
APPOINTMENTS & EVALUATIONS 

Given the situation that has 
developed, we must now follow 
procedures laid down by the 
Regents and published in the 
Faculty Handbook and in other 
policy manuals. These regulations 
stipulate that the failure on the 
part of any persons involved in the 
teaching process to meet their 
assigned classes because of the ' 
withdrawal of services are subject 
to appropriate sanctions. 

They also indicate that the 
primary responsibilities for in-

suring that such continuity of in-
struction is maintained rests with 
supervisory faculty, and secon-
dary responsibility with the 
departmental chairpersons. 
Should there be a failure to 
exercise responsibilities at either 
of these levels, it will be my 
responsibility to act. 

I am sending a message to all 
departmental chairpersons con-
taining descriptions of the exact 
university regulations applicable 
in this situation. 

W. D. MCELROY 

• rI.on •• JII(~ Staff writen Special wrIten 
Charles Helmler RanAnbar 

Jolm H. Taylor 
Pierre Bedard GregHlcb 
Barry Bovshow Edward Simona 

Editor-la-dIAd Betsy Chiment 
Mark Woelber James G. Soto Brian Davis BuIae .. 

Ma .. iIDC editor City edt_ Robin DeRieux Theresa Bish 
SteveElmedlna LaunmDavil 

Mart Stadler A_LIe .... Cathy Fitzmaurice Kathy Monroe Karen Jerahian Dolil Mooney New.edl_ CopyedHor Ron Kato Damien Moore 
Kenzie Nicoll 

Craig Uchida lUck ....... Frank Kaenki 
MarpmKruepr ~ OpIniOD Editor BuIIIeu .... ,eI" TIm MllcKensie CbarIeI 
s.~J.Lowea OIIaiel Sllawler Paycha Puc:ual Paul Jarvia 

{WIm • ....,. editor ArtaedJtor Alan RIIIIelJ NIlban...," Scott Sadll 
BGbsteIMr OIly. a.. 'hds,e1TJ Ken ...... 8portaeMor ......... 

ear, 11M" .--PnlW ..... PlIII .. W..&JBIICIe DetMn Weber _ ..... 0IIIce-_.-
.... I ZIlla KrIIIID W • 

a ••••••• II ••••• 41.,' . ........ ... . .. '. ", , .t ' .•• tl • • •• •• • I 

• rlff.,f' DJ(~ Page11iree 

University Neutrality Requires No Help to CIA 
By Dick AneIoa 

Departmeat of PbIlaIopIay aDd 
'I1lIrd WR'Id 8t1uUes 

Jerry DoppeIt 
Departmeat of nBweplIy 

1be Ideal of a Nea&ral U .... enlty 
It seems to us that It is a serious 

mistake to assume that an Ideal of 
neutrality of impartiality is served 
by an open recruitment policy 
concerning the CIA. TIU Is so for 
several reaSOlll. 

First and moet Importantly, 
cooperatq with an organlzaUon, 
giving it a routine place witbIn a 
career-counselling program, 
inevitably lends the idea of a 
career within that organization a 
measure of legitimacy in the minds 
of scme students whic:h it ~ not 
otherwise have. It becomes just 
"another job" OIl a par with 
alternative occupations, to be 
judged In terms of its pay, fringe 
benefits aDd promotion op-
portunities. After all, the 
.University's own officials treat it 
that way. We submit that In the 
case fI. an organization ~e the 
CIA, thil pOlture constitutes 
sometbin, quite other than 
neutrality and seems radically 
inappropriate. Neutrality would 
rather require giving no help at all 
tb the CIA's recruitment effort. 

Secondly, when a career coun-
sellor presents a student with an 
organization's recruiting 
literature, there is the Implicit 
assumption that this material is 
adequate for a reasonably in-
formed and morally aware career 
choice. But this assumption is 
already biased in favor of the 
organization. 

No organization (and least of aJl 
the CIA) can be expected to 
present fads about Itself or what it 
actually requires of its employees 
which would conflict with its of-
ficial Image for prospective 

rec~its. To anyone who thinks this 

Del Mar ••• 
business district downtown, in an 
attempt to generate more foot 
traffic and achieve a village-like 
atmosphere. 

Opponents of the proposal say 
that it would be impractical to 
move the already established 
business district. Proposal 5 would 
concentrate retail businesses in the 
downtown area and concentrate 
service-oriented businesses in the 
north end of town, in an attempt to 
relieve the parking problem 
downtown. Opponents of the 
proposal maintain that providing 
businesses In varied parts of town 
would make them more accessible 
to shoppers. 

Proposal 6 would establish new 
policies on what kinds of 
businesses would be alloWed in Del 
Mar. Proponents feel that the new 
policies would better serve the 
interests of residents, in preven-
ting Del Mar from becoming a 
tourist trap. Opponents of the 
proposal contend that restricting 
the type of businesses in Del Mar 
would result in lawsuits and 
bUreaucratic red tape. 

Gary Bqer, City PIaMing 

an abstract point, we recommend 
that he tate a look at the Career 
Information Library on Matthews 
campus, to see the kind of "helpful 
literature" on which students 
presently must rely in forming 
career expectations. Yet, a career· 
counselling office in the nature of 
the case Is IIOt equipped to gather 
more objective factual material 
for students. This problem is 
especially important in the <!ase of 
an organization like the CIA where 
there is already some evidence of 
serious wrong~oing and reason to 
believe that the organization is 
involVed m a cover-up ot its actual 
operations. 

As Agee points out in lalide the 
CIA, many a CIA recruit only finds 

and jotHiescriptions. 
At most, the University's 

neutrality involves a committment 
to providing students with the 
knowledge and factual background 
concerning an institution like the 
CIA to offset the claims such an 
institution will make about itself in 
its own interests. 

Thirdly, there are several im-
portant respects in which the 
University as it purports to 
conceive of its mission ·in our 
society is not neutral in a sense 
that excludes definite commitment 
to certain values and ideals; 
among these are some of the' very 
principles threatened by the 
conduct of the CIA at home and 
abroad. We have in mind the 

detennination of foreign nations, 
or spies on and Intimidates 
American citizens exercising 
elementary civil rights, it moves 
us closer to a world in which the 

University as we conceive it will 
not exist. 

In brief, the University cannot be 
neutral with resped to the very 
ideals and social conditions upon 
which its own historical survival 
depends. To pretend otherwise is 
not only to court historical 
disaster, but unwittingly to con-
firm the view that the University is 
already bankrupt and has betrayed 
the role it could have in human life, 
if it took its own inherited ideals 
seriouslv. 

The University cannot be neutral with respect to the very ideals 

and social conditions upon which its historical survival depends. 

out what is really involved in 
working for the CIA after It is too 
late, after he is already implicated 

. in the organization and bound up In 
its ways. 

Thus, again we would submit 
that genuine neutrality at the very 
least requires that our University 
refrain from lending any 
credibility to the CIA's materials 

Director in Del Mar, explained that 
the Open Space Task Force first 
determined a need for Del Mar to 
acquire lands such as bluffs and 
canyons for permanent open 
space. Proposal 7 would add 60 
cents to the tax rate to finance the 
purchase of 142 acres of land 
designated as open space. 
Proponents say the purchase of 
this land would preserve the 
natural physical qualities of Del 
Mar. Opponents say the proposal is 
vague about where the money will 
come from and how It will be spent. 

OpeDSpece 
Proposal 8 deals with the task 

force's second concern - preser-
ving open spaces that are privately 
owned. Proponents say this will 
insure open spaces. Opponents say 
that the policy restricts the 
property owners' use of his land. 

Proposal 9 woulCl establish a loop 
trail on the perimeter of the city. 
Proponents say the trail would 
offer opportunities to hikers and 
link the open space areas of Del 
Mar. Opponents say that Del Mar's 
streets presently serve as an 
adequate trail. Stu Shore' of the Task Force on 
Circulation explained that his 
committee determined that 

'commitment to free speech and the 
right to dissent, the rule of 
knowledge and reason - as against 
violence and intimidation, and the 
cultivation of humane and 
enlightened sensibility. When the 
CIA trains the secret police of 
Latin American dictatorships in 
.the techniques of repression, in- . 
tervenes to subvert the self-

Camino Del Mar should be 
narrowed to enhance the village-
'like atmosphere in Del Mar, to 
minimize the impact of the 
automobile on Del Mar and cut 
down on the number of accidents 
that have occured there in the past. 
The only opposition to the proposal 
came from Phil Newell, an owner 
of the Del Mar Inn, who said he felt 
that narrowing the street would 
produce more congestion and 
increase parking problems. 

Proposal 11, which calls for an 
economic analysis of the plan is the 
only proposal that has received 
support from the Del. Mar 
Villagers, who have provided the 
greatest opposition to the new 
community plan. 

Binger also discussed the en-
vironmental, social and economic 
impact that the plan would have on 
Del Mar. With regard to the en-
vironment, he said the plan is 
positive in every reiard. 

Binger said, "The social aspects 
of the plan are interesting; the 
denilty bonus concept fulfills the 
community obligation to provide 
housing at moderate cost." 
Speaking of the economic Impact 
of the plan, BinjCer referred to the 
economic Impact study done by 

"SettlDg a Bad Precedent" 
Some individuals raise the 

problem that if we clOse our door to 
the CIA now, what will this imply 
concerning the fate or other 
organizations who are presently 
allowed to recruit on campus. Will 
it set a precedent to the effect that 
any organization which is morally 
objectionable to some group on 
Livingston & Blayney, saying " the 
study showed that the city can 
implement the plan and build a 
civic center with no tax increase." 
Binger admitted, however, that the 
city will generate more revenue if 
left to develop under the old 
community plan. 

Bud Gray of the County 
Integrated Planning Office 
commented that the controversy 
over the Del Mar plan is not 
unusual. "Every other charter city 
in the county has gone through the 
same problems as Del Mar with 
regard to its community plan. " 

GSU ••• 
professor. He said he wrote the 
letter after consultation with AS 
chainnen at the other UC cam-
puses. 

His Respoosibillty 
In his statement McElroy said if 

there was "a failure to exercise 
responsibilities" by faculty, it 
would then be his responsibility to 
act. 

The Chancellor is in UC Irvine 
for the UC Regents meeting and 
could not be reached for 
elaboration of his statement. 

GSU media contact Dan Rosen 

campus will be barred from UC-
SO? We do not see this precedent 
following with any iron-clad 
necessity from the CIA action. New 
cases if they arise will have to be 
judged on their own merits and will 
raise considerations not the same 
as those implicit in the special 
character of the CIA. Besides the 
question of when any two cases are 
sufficiently similar to deserve 
similar treatment can hardly ever 
be decided in advance. 

Some people may be inclined to 
. oppose the present resolution to 
terminate CIA recruitment on 
campus solely on the grounds that 
it may pose thorny problems for 
the future that will once again 
req uire difficult judgments. The 
price of this principled aversion to 
action on the basis of the bare 
possibility of a 'bad precedent' is 
passive acquiescence to the status 
quo of UCSD policy - including all 
those precedents, good and bad, 
which make this policy what it now 
is. On the other hand, if we 
squarely confront the issues In-
volved in CIA recruitment at UCSD 
and deal with this case in good 
faith, on its own terms, this will 
constitute a good precedent for the 
future in every sense of the tenn. 

The worst thing would be if we as 
students, faculty, and workers at 
uam were to deal with an issue as 
basic as the propriety of CIA 
recruitment on this campus by 
taciUy Ignoring the real problems 
it poses or responding to these 
problems through vague, 111-
thoughtout, and unexamined 
reflexes concerning academic 
freedom and neutrality. Thus, we 
hope people will respond to our 
arguments in this article and at-
tempt with us to raise the 
discussion closer to the level of 
critjcal reflection a university 
owes to its actions. 

said yesterday that the AFT has 
told them they will challenge any 
attempt by McElroy to force 
faculty to report striking TAs. 

Also in his statement the 
Chancellor said he considers 
negotiations between union and 
administration to be " un-
successful. " 

"I greaUy regret that our ex-
tended discussions with a 
negotiating committee of the GSU 
have been unsuccessful," he said. 

The GSU, along with Schultz, 
disagree. 

" Immensely Successful" 
Rosen said yesterday that the 

GSU considered negotiations 
"immensely successful. " The 
work stoppage was still held, ac-
cording to union member Tom 
Lewis, because agreements 
hammered out in negotiations do 
not address the problem of 
"deterioration of undergraduate 
education. " 

So far, the negotiating sessions 
have produced agreements in the 
areas of TA work load and year-
long contracts. (Triton Times, 
Nov. 19) 

The next regotiation session is 
scheduled for next Friday. 



......... 

by EcIw~rd Simons 

Tales of Fear aDd Guilt 
. In the course of human affairs, it sometimes becomes necessary to, as 
we used to say in our old high school, have a blow-out every now and then. 

The original plan was to go to Pacific Beach and have a beer. This naive 
idea lasted for about ten minutes. By the time Taylor and I got out of the 
driveway, our new objective was Blythe, Ca.-the scene of my youth. 

Now, you must understand, for sometime I had been filling Taylor's 
remaining ear with various stories of Blythe. Sooner or later I knew we'd 
have to go see the place together, and last week it happened 

We arrived in the city about dawn. We knew we had arrived because we 
could smell that particular mixture of cattle manure and alfalfa that is 
distinctively Blythe. 

We took a fast tour of the city, which lasted about twenty minutes, and 
went to recuperate in an all-night coffee shop. After our stomachs had 
settled down to small tremors, I described what we had seen in tenns of 
my life. 

Then, Taylor's disease-addled mind hatched the idea of going to 
Phoenix, the scene of his youth. By this time, I was half-crazy from lack 
of sleep and the discreet Quantities of heroin Taylor had been surre(r 
titously slipping into my coffee. I agreed. 

Why Taylor gets so goo-golHlyed over Arizona is quite beyond me. The 
place looks like Hiroshima-after. For miles until you get to Phoenix, all 
you can see for miles around the highway are sand ranches. Just miles 
and miles of sand grazing off the scrub brush. The only thing to break the 
monotony of the sand ranches are little, spot developments . Broken down 
houses are'the rule. 

Mourning became Phoenix around noon. Phoenix was terrible. There 
was this killer dust cloud hanging over the city. Apparently, some 
Phoenix idiot (I really should be more speciflc) had burned off a sand 
ranch. 

Taylor, of course, was ecstatic. This was It. The real thing. Phoenix, 
the land of his nascent pubescence. It failed him there, too. 

One of his goals on the Phoenix trip was to see an old friend. The old 
friend refused to see him with me around-no doubt a wise move, but 
mildly disappointing nonetheless. Then we went to see the mother of one 
o(hlS girlfriends in Phoenix. 

This, of course, was terribly interesting to me. The thought of seeing his 
old girlfriend's mother was more than I could bear. Luckily, she had a 
dog I could play with while Taylor assuaged his guilt. The dog, Skagg, 
was the friendliest personality I met in Phoenix. He drew blood only 
twice. 

In a pique of rationality, we finally left Phoenix. Left it to the gila 
monsters. 

Speaking of gila monsters brings me to the most interesting part of this 
tale of fear and guilt. 

Taylor, for some drug-related reason, has this misguided affection for 
the burg of Gila Bend, Ariz. It really isn't so much the town as one of the 
motels there-The Space Age Lodge and Coffee Shop. 

One of the great mysteries of our time is why a place like this exists. 
There appears to be no reason at all. 

Inside this edifice to assholity are various models of space probes and 
lunar excursion modules. Plastic signs here and there around the place 
endeavor to explain, in the best way this primitive culture can, what the 
models are. 

Another running joke is this sign that says the motel you are now in is 
just like the one near Disneyland in Anaheim. This news came as a great 
comfort to me. That there existed in this great land they call America a 
mind that could conceive two of such places filled me with great haIr 
piness, Thank God he was never given any real power. 

Aside from ugly, misshapen space models ("assembled be members of 
the Stovall family," noted for expanding the frontiers of taste), the place 
also had a clean restroom. 

This was the place to go. 
Walking into the room, I immediately knew I wasn't welcome. I had 

apparently rrashed a gila monster caucus. 
They were sitting around in a circle, smoking dope and telling stories of 

their experiences with female gila monsters . They stopped talking the 
moment I entered the room. They stared at me balefully, showing their 
large children-eating fangs. 

I was cool. I finished my business and walked over to where they were. 
"You're different from the rest," I said to one gila, noticing his double-

knit plaid suit. " You must be the leader." 
Conlinued on Page 5 

'. rh .... 1 .... 
"Progressive" 

By Stew Eamedlaa 
Staffwrt. 

There Is a definite risk Involved in IabeUng something "progressive." 
The implicaUon Is that anything otherwise must be "regresaiW." It is 
also risky because the recipients of such a label, whether they are 
writers, painters, philosophers, ,DlWlicians, or whatever, usually have a 
difficult time living up or down to the title. It Is too broad, too sweeping. 

This seems particularly true with a mu~ical genre like jazz. Here the 
tenn becomes a redundancy because jazz Is probably the most mailable 
and " progressive" mWlic of all. It can incorporate everything. It can be 
anything. It Is alternately purist and eclectic, energetic and sedate, 
austere and expansive. It is the one music least hampered by historical 
epochs or textbook guidelines. 

Artists as far apart in style, temperament, and talent as Archie 
Shepp, Miles Davis, Dizzy Gillespie, Doc Severinsin, fdal Waldron, 
Chick Corea and Herbie Hancock all have one thing in common: They 
arf! all called jazz musicians. 

With able assists from marketo(!()llSClous labels like en and 
Columbia, the 70s have seen the remarkable revival of jazz as a c0m-
mercial force. Musicians who once were considered esoteric and outre, 
such as Chick Corea, Herbie Hancock, Larry Coryell, Freddie Hubbard, 
Donald Byrd, and a few others have been wannly embraced by the 
staunchest of rock audiences. Despite the attractive dividends of fatter 
paychecks, more frequent engagements, and larger concert halls, the 
result for a good nwnber of these players has been to shelve musical 
exploration and individuality for comfortable fonnulaes. 

People like Hancock, Byrd, and Hubbard are now producing music as 
slick, machine-manned, and readymade as any-run-of-the-mill pop 
musician. The level of musicianship is higher, certainly, but since it is 
being applied to far less involving and complex music it seems a pitiful 
squandering of talents . 

Records like Hancock's "Thrust," Byrd's "Street Lady" and Hul>-
bard's " High Energy" are not only dissapointing when compared to 
their past efforts-they aren't even succesful on the level they are 
aiming for . Despite all of Hancock and Byrd's determination to appear 
real-bad-get-down-dudes theit vapid funkifizing does not have the 
impact of the lamest Ohio Players song. As for Hubbard, well, muzak by 
a musician can only emerge as boring. For these people, riffing has 
replaced improv~ation and imagination has gone the route of all flesh . 

If the jazz " revival" has had any purpose, aside from the obvious 
dollars and cents one, it has been to separate the artists from the con 
men. It would be a surprise to find out that anyone considers 
" Headhunters," "No Mystery" or " Liquid Love" to be " progressive" 
jazz. 

If the tenn is to have any meaning at all it would be more appropriate 
to change it to " personal" jazz. Artists such as Archie Shepp, Anthony 
Braxton, Keith Jarrett, McCoy Tyner, Cecil Taylor, and John 
Mclaughlin have been able to do what the jazz funkers , rockers and 
sehlockers seem to make light of now that they are rich and famous: 
keep their musical integrity. Each has a unique style, of playing, 
composing and arranging. Each has maintained a consistent ex-
cellence, and each has shown a determination to experiment with 
fonns, not to get stuck in them like Corea and Hancock. 

By far the most inexplicably neglected jazz musician of our time is 
Archie Shepp. Shepp has been making truculent and uncompromising 
records since the early 60s. His seminal work. "Fire Music," is still a 
landmark of recorded 60s Jazz. Eclecticism is Shepp's forte. Each of his 
records is a veritable synthesis of stylistic range. His music has the 
ability to contract the most divergent antecedents into a bristling patch-
work quilt. 

Gospel, free-fonn improvisation, lush ballads, poetry, hard rock, 
manic soul, and African chants have made their way in various guises 
in Shepp's work. He keeps his music at a fever pitch so that the listener 
is constantly at the brink of expectation, only to find himself in a new, 
uncharted terrain. In the last five years, Shepp's awesome range has 
resulted in three masterpieces : " Things Have GotTo Change," "Attica 
Blues," and the recently released "There's A Trumpet In My Soul." 

Shepp is an exceptional orchestrator. He can pile on layers of textural 
warriors: sparring hom solos atoJ1' of .caterwauling g9Spel choruses: 
searing violin cadenzas mixed in with pounding, insistent percussion; 

string passages in an otherwise mellow ballad. He makes 
use of tubas and french horns as solo in-

struments. He picks out 
oddest moments. He is 
and the repetolre cmn~llOy 
bassist Jinuny Garrison, 
Burrowes, violinist Leroy 
than an adeq~U8~te~~=~~! Pantheon of": 

Anthony BrllXulO 
recent albwns on 
ignorance. Braxton is a 

, eccentric. As a saxophone 
urgent but notfrenetic . 

It is as a composer, 
wall brilliance makes 
gives the ostensible imrll"f'~. 
though, reveals the 
material seems so 
his head, but there is a 
crisp, channeled, regulated 
imprOvisation, compelling 
Parker, but pi~ed together 

Braxton is also one of 
include duets for clarine! 
saxophone voices, and solo 

about 

~oNt: 
~ It .. , G.n. wu. Series 
~~ Keith ~l'ret 
Ja,..c7 Cent.". ... , 

~ .. &i.",,-,-
.r. ava"abl. lor 

It lS111 
NOV. 21 

TY 
cpb 

• rlftlll f' nil'S 

Jazz is Personal 
always richly melodic, with full-bodied textures and rhythms. They can 
be franUc or sombre, but they are never simply random free-for alls. 
Braxton's regular musicians, drummer Barry Atschul, bassist Dave 
Holland (both of whom Braxton played with in Circle, a group that also 
lncluded Chick Corea), and trumpeteer Kenny Wlieeler all rise to their 
leader's very original occasions. 

Keith Jarrett Is an anomaly in that he is one of the few genuinely 
gifted jazz musicians who can actually cross the arbitrary line between 
personal creator and popular perfonner. His solo concert albums have 
been heralded by press and public alike. His group albums have been 
enthUSiastically received, and he is one of the most prolific musicians 
~w recording, maintaining two vinyl identities on two shores. His 
group records for the American label Impluse, and his solo per-
formances and experiments are on the German label ECM. 

Jarrett is a great reflective artist. His music, both as a soloist and as 
part of a quartet pulls towards emotional inv,?lvement by demanding 
intellectual distance. His solo works run the gamut of piano styles, from 
blues and ragtime to Chopin-like glissandos and from ostinato 
ruminations to mystical silences. Those same qualities are inherent in 
his groUJHwised recordings, although in smaller doses. 

Of the two, I prefer the group performances, if only because of the 
superb musicianship of Jarrett's band-bassist Charlie Haden, tenor 
saxist Dewey Redman, and percussionist Paul Motlan. Their recent 
album, "Death And The Flower" is the highpoint of their career as a 
group, and Jarrett's highpoint as a composer. It is a dark, sombre, 
.deeply spiritual record that sustains its passionate moodiness much 
more eloquently than the more heralded "Solo ·Concerts." . 

With McCoy Tyner and Cecil Taylor, one is inclined to enshrine them 
as institutions. Both have been producing fiery, savagely involving 
music since the early 60s-Tyner with the grea t Coltrane quartet of 
Trane, Jones, and Garrison; Taylor with such early "free jazz" classics 
as " Cafe Montmarte," "Looking Ahead," and "Air." It is only recently 
that both have received the attention they have long deserved. Tyner's 
solo albwn, " Echoes For A Friend" is probably the most dynamic, 
breathtaking more-notes-per-minute piano recital since the work of Art 
Tatum. His group tenor saxist Azar Lawrence, bassist Juni Booth, and 
percussionist Guillerme Franco, have retained the intense, hypnotic, 
al)d pervasively "exorcizin~' demeanor of the great Coltrane group. 
The live album "Atlantis" is a perfect companion in spirit to " Live in 
Seattle. " 

Taylor, an erratic, neurotic, and altogether fantastic pianist, cannot 
be piIUJed down to a stylistic tau. His playing is languid, emotive, 
amelodic, melodic, furious, peaked. There is no other musician with 
such a spontaneous sense of his own gifts as an improviser. Any of his 
albums will bear this out, but his " Silent Tongues," a live set, is 
probably the most radical, and thus essential introduction to this very 
difficult musician. 

John McLaughlin is also a difficult musician. He is difficult because 
he is too often Iwnped haphazardly as a h~hum jazz-rocker along with 
those who have cannl~baliz~ off him, Coryell, Cobham, Corea, and 
Mouzon. True McLaughlin is largely responsible for the whole glutty 
syndrome with his ground-breaking work with Tony Williams and the 
original Mahavishnu Orchestra. But he is the only one among these who 
has not let himself be shackled by the syndrome. His playing is as acute 
as ever. His arrangements are as exciting and dynamic as ever. He has 
as complete a vision of stylistic ranges as any truly masterful musician. 
He is brilliant, bracing, and true to his own musical ideals. If that 's a 
sell-out, then by all means jazz musicians, sell out. 

There are a number of important jazz musicians such as Joe Zawinul, 
Wayne Shorter, Gato Barbieri and Pha roah Sanders, who, although still 
producing excellent mllsic, are less likely of altering their own 
stylistically comfortable patterns. There are innovators on the horizon, 
such as Carla Bley and Michael Mantler, but their efforts remain at the 
seminal stage. And there are haloed warhorses such as Miles Davis and 
Ornette Coleman who have disqualified themselves from contention, 
either by arrogance (Davis), or by hiding (Coleman). The point is that 
jazz, as a style, can be as progressive or personal as its musicians 
choose. It can also turn to producing pap that sells the claim that it is 
trying to "communicate with the people." It may seem trite and 
wistfully poetic to reiterate, but since jazz is the most progressive music 
r ' all, it can be whatever it wants to be. Now then, what does it want to 

? 

*1lKd_ .... MM ~ ____ 'i.~~ 

When 
and 

Where 

Pa,eFlve 

Concert Scene 

Biochemical Rock, Mahler 
Top Week-End Bill 

by Daniel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

The pop scene looks rathar 
empty this weekend. However, the 
classical scene looks very full . 

Bring Grateful Dead bassist Phil 
Lesh, biochemist Ned Lagin, and a 
computer together and what do you 
get? This weekend's only pop 
concert at the La Paloma Theatre 
in Encinitas tomorrow night at8:30 
and 10:30. 

Lagin has used electronics, a 
computer and biofeedback to 
create what Rolling Stone 
magazine called " music of distinct 
persollality and purity." Lagin 
says , " The computer allows 
electronic synthesis and 
processing techniques to be stored 
and used in real time." The result 
should be an interesting show. 

Peter Eros conducts the San 
Diego Symphomy in a concert 
featuring works by Mahler and 
Sibelius tonight in the Civic 
Theatre at eight. Mezzo soprano 
Marvellee Criaga and tenor Seth 
McCoy will be the soloists for 
Mahler's song cycle/symphony 
" Das Lied von der Erde," and 
concertmaster Harold Wolf will be 
the soloist for Sibelius' " Violin 
Concerto in D minor." For in-
formation concerning student 
tickets call the San Diego Sym-
phony. 

Greek pianist Vasso Devetzi will 
appear in a recital tomorrow at 8 
pm in La Jolla 's Sherwood Hall. 
This performance, under the 
auspices of the La JoUa Chamber 
Orchestra, will simultaneously 
mark her return engagement to 
San Diego and the end of her fourth 
. successful American tour. 

Devetzi is well known throughout 
Europe and is esp~ially popular in 

"Camino Real" 

the Soviet Union where she has 
toured every season since 1962. 
Pravda wrote that Devetzi was 
gifted with " distinguished taste, 
precision, clarity, marvelously 
varied sonority, supple and natural 
phrasing. " 

In addition to her many per-
fonnances at all of Europe's music 
festivals, Devetzi has served on the 
juries of both the Marguerite Long 
International Competition and the 
Tchaikovsky Competition. She has 
also won the International Grand 
Prix du Disque for her 1969 
recording of Bach concertos. 

In her last San Diego appearance 
a year and a half ago, her per-
fonnance was called "virtually 
perfect" by San Diego Union music 
critic Donald Dierks. The program 
includes works by Schubert, 
Mozart, and Chopin. 

The UCSD Music Department 
Performance Workshop will 
present a program of new music 
tonight at eight in the Mandeville 
Recital Hall. Noted American 
composer Earl Brown will be on 
hand to conduct one of his own 
works. In addition, pieces by 
Edgar Varese, Niccolo Castiglioni, 
Morton Feldman and student 
composers will be featured. 

Of course, the biggest event on 
campus this weekend is the music 
departments production of 
Mozart's " Magic Flute," the first 
opera ever produced at UCSD. 

The La Jolla CiviclUniversity 
Symphony is conducted by Thomas 
Nee, and the UCSD Opera Studio is 
directed by John Large. The Stage 
director is Elliot Swift and the set 
designer is Catherine Hand. The 
opera will be staged in the Man-
deville auditorium Saturday night 
at eight and Sunday afternoon at 
three. ~ 

Dreamlike, But Lacks Interest 
Debora Weber 
Staff Writer 

They tried. In the UC San Diego 
drama department production of 
Tennessee Williams' "Camino 
Real" the cast showed up, recited 
their lines, and acted the way they 
had been instructed, but that was 
the extent of it. The setting bor-
dered on the excellent, but the rest 
of the production was lacking. 

The spark so necessary in the 
performance of an excellent play 
was non-existent. Lines were over 
emphasized, pauses forgotten , and 
the singing belonged in the 
shower. Rich Revelli, as Kilroy, 
looked the part to perfection, but 
he did not have the strength to 
carry the play. Because he un-
derplayed the role, the contrast 
between him and the rest of the 
cast was not as sharp as it could 
have been. 

Continuity a problem 
The rest of the cast tended to 

Low Blows ... 

enter and exit, in such a Il'.8JUler 
that they gave no clue the location 
of the play, the identity of their 
character, and what they were 
doing there. 

The play moved from character 
to character, with only a handful 
lasting more than a few scenes. 
This tended to confuse those who 
were seeing it for the first time. 
Trying to concentrate on the 
sometimes simultaneous actions of 
the various characters led to · 
confusion. 

The dream-like atmosphere of 
the play left doubts as to any real 
meaning of the play, although I'm 
sure that Williams had something 
to say. One would have to see this 
play a number of times to aIr 
preciate it fully. Unfortunately, 
time usually doesn't permit 
repeated viewing of plays , 
especially one which runs two and 
a half hours. 

" You are very perceptive," he smiled. "I am the leader. Who are 
you?" 

A great friendship began that night in the blighted city of Gila Bend 
Ariz. Sam (the gila monster) and I talked of women, coffee and politi~ 
till all hours. He told me true stories of the economic conditions of Gila 
Bend. He told me that since the Arab boycott two years ago three hun-
dred gila monsters had been thrown out of work. No longer ~ble to get a 
good job at the roadside exhibits, gila monsters have been forced to draw 
unemployment. May have even been reduced to performing obscure sex 
acts willi the locals for a quarter. 

And so ended a grand adventure. A trip to hell and back, via Gila Bend, 
and the true meeting of souls between a writer and 8 gila monster. 

Sunday, November 23rd 
Unlv. of San Diego 
Law School-Room 2A 
San Diego 

For more Info., 
please call us at 
(714) 239-4443 

, 

J 



! 

Ti liTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
UCSO Senior, living ;n 1111 van, ""'siO renl 
a 2..,.r oar.ge wllh kllchen and balhroom 
prlvllegel, Cell 454~ and I ..... your name 
and numbar. (111 a) 

Roommata naadad to share Ig. 3BR houae in 
O.B. Oc .. n vl_ plua many axtras, $120 plus 
utll. Eric or Curtis 225-01 .... . (11/28) 

Housemata naeded Dec 15. Own Room 1 'h 
ml to UCSD. $110. Prefer nonamoker 0_ 
21. CaIiBarbara452'(x)79. (11121) 

Neaded: 2 women with plano skill 1 or 2 
Wdroom house or duplex La Jolla pral 200 
max. Call Helen 452-0144 or Martha 454-8719. 

Room to sub lei for winter quarter non smoker 
preler ... gelarla $85 call ~3778 

UCSD grad neads two roommates In 
Clalremont. SS5 for your own larga room. Call 
272-4878 (11121) 

2 room males needed lor 2 bedroom, fur-
nished Del Mar "pt. 1 block from beach Call 
Marla 755-83U (11/21) 

Need 1.1 or F to live In mixed house In 
Clairmont no smokeB S75 mth plus util . Yard 
a .. ilI2/1 272-9932 (l1124) 

Dynastar MV2 skis, 1 yr. old , boots 9..." 
spademan bindings , all Ihree 180. 481-0258. 
(11121 ) 
Farallon rkhargaable NI .... d diving light. $40 
never used. 481-0258. (11121) 

Nikon camera case retails n_ for 1100, will 
sell forSS5. Ex. Condo call ~3778 (11121) 
For sale SS350 twin 1970 Kawasaki ex . condo 
musl sell call 488-3778 (11121 ) 

Gerrard 728 turnlabte baae dust co_ shure 
1.1 91 ED cartridge xlnt cond $85 D .... 755-
7378 (11121 ) 
64' Corvette Conv. 327-365HP, new lop & 
trans, Holley, M&T, aceel. , Hurst, .. $2 ,800 or 
beat oller 435-4938 (II f2t) 

ee VW bus 25 ,000 on rebuilt enQine: new 
painl $1700.00 call Rod 746-56:l6 (11121) 

1969 Honda 350 Road Bike. Engine rebuilt 
200 miles ago. Full standard equlpmenl plus 
luggage rack , sissy bar, more. Auns great. 
5425 or beat offer. Brad 755-:l610 evenings. 

~t1121) 
NEW Cale Aaclng seat, S25. NEW Cefe 
Racing H and lebars , S10. NEW Sissy bar, 
$12. Brad 25/i·:l610 Evenings (11121) 
69 Toyota Mark II Corona AM-FM, air cond , 4 
door, n_ battery, windshield . Good con-
dition $1100. 755-8622 (11/24) 

Personalized Chrlslmas cards : wide 
selecllon Irom very conlemporary to ... ry 
tredltlonal. Order before Thanksgiving & .. ... 
15 percenL Call & save bolh $ & foolworl<. 
453-0387 (11128) 

Ride. open to lhe _I COIIt leaving Dec. 7 
share travel coats. Cell Rob al 454-8068 
evenings (11 121) 
SSW Travel Office . UCSD International 
Center. XM"S NY Chaner S209: Mazalzan 
camping SI);1; Cent. "merlca 3 _k. 
5479 ... lnl'l Siudent 10. Summer Europe 
Charters ...... 452-0630. 11 am - 4 pm, Mon, 
Wed , Frl only . (11126) 
Europe, Israel, Orient, NV. TGA low·cost 
flightS. Alst 1436 S. laCienega BI. L." . 
90035. 7'4·54"9333 or 213~2-2727. 
(11 126) 
Looking tor anolher car 10 come with us to 
Tropix of MexiCO lor wlnler vacatloo. Call 
Betsy 459-<4851 (11/21) 

Need extra cash? Paying lop dollar for your 
u.s. Sliver coins minted before 1965. Ken 
453-7924 . (11128) 

W"NTED: Pet carrier for my kitten . Need by 
Dac. 15 so that I can bring my cat on an 
airplane. Call 753-5450 weekdays before 5 
pm, ask tor leslie (I 1 121) 

People movers . Moving advice and 
.. aialance. Very reasonable. Cell Jail 272-
3078. (11/211) 

THE WOOD OOVE·" gourmet Nalural Foods 
Raalaurant, • recently opened In Solana 
Besch. 150 Acacia (Nexl to "nother Bird). 
Open 11 -11 . Dinner Irom 5-10. SpecIal oller: 
Fruit Smoothle, 45 cents. Oct . 15-Nov. 15. 
Tel 755-581 o. 
Explore old master dr.wlng & palnllng . Laarn 
how to prepare your own surlaces & pelnts. 
8111438-0709. (11/24) 

"re you adopted? Seeking natural parents? 
232-6510 or P.O. 332725092103. (1/7) 

Typist - IBM lerm p_"hesls/dlsser-
lotlonsletc. Editlnglrush Jobe/Xerox . 580-
8171 . (11121) 

II you have a larm paper, dissertation , 
manuscripl, etc . that needs to be typed or 
typeset (Camera-ready) I can do It. Call Sher 
279-W8Clalremont. (11/26) 

Typing - 55 centslPG. Term pepers, rapMs, 
misc. correctad . IBM Selaelrlc. Call Bee 753-
7356. Please Cllpad. (11 / 21) 

Learn about axcellent business opportunity 
l or spare time . Come In forappolnlment . Call 
453-88!l . 11 1/21) 

Term papers typed . Fast service. Reasonable 
rates. Call days. 262-5746 . (l1121) 

To Nancy 
Foxiest chick on 10th lloor Tioga. I 10'" 

your body cum _meon 7 Marl< (11121) 

Fuller brush boar brlslla hairbruShes mal<e 
the partec1 Chrlslmas gift . 10 percent 
student dlacount call 454-«i49 for service. 
(11I21) 
KOWBOY KEVIN Happy Birthday birthday 
boy for November 20 11175 . Enioyl Your In end 
Spece Wome,....,.. (11/21) 

Happy '8th Birthday "drl..,e C. "bles! From 
someone who loves you very much I (11121 ) 
4th College blllng party hal been _tponed 
but iOOlle 0 friand anyllmel Suit. 3211 Dan. 
(11121) 

lOST It fOUNd 
Lolli-Calculus I" book on 11-111. Tum In at 
Triton Times Thanks Deeperale (11/21) 

AEW"RD I SS for black notebook with 
philosophy essays. 453-2518 Jell Rldlman 
111121 ) 
$10 .-ard fo< return of losl black briefcase 
and contents. Cell Kenlat ~-~41 (11/21) 

Found Statson hal In HSS 2225 In n ollie. 
(11121) 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
FOR RENT: own room In old Ocean Beach 
home (nice I_n, yard etc.) Quiet neigh-
bomood close to beaCh, shops , bUSes, free 
way etc. prefer Quiet person. $1oo l mo 
utilities Inclu St_n 222-7195 & 270-1059 
(11/24) 

Flst 'sr skis with almost n_ Nevada bin-
dings . Poles Included 545.00 452-8745 
(11121) WANTED: Skis 170-175 CM , Womens boots Need person 10 transport 7ft sofa to Berl<eley 

size S-a'It. Call 447-1753 and ask for Sarah. area will pay call Rulhann 755-7841 or Sue R.lchle ski boots size 11 wide and In good 
condition . $25.00 452-8745 111121) (11124) • 486-9758 (11 /21) 

(andidales who wish 
sidered as fhe undergraduate 
observer 10 Ihe GSU negaliating 
committee are requesled 10 obtain 
applicalions from Sandy in the 
Siudeni Orgortizations Office. Due 
to the urgency factor, we are 
pulling a Monday, November 23, 5 
pm deadline an applications. 

Roommates wanted La Jolla; own room; pool 
S85 plus ulilities 5 loll from UCSD call Rob 
454-8068811enlng . (11121) 

fOR SAlE 
Wilder Gult. "mp. l)()Watts - AMS .. t 2'$ 4· 
1 D's Solid Stata Solid Sound $6()() or best. 
481-0502 alter5. (11124) 

Centurion Super Leman. 10-SPD: S175. 
Yamaha FG-200 Guitar: SI25. Call 453.(X)25 , 
ask for Charlie. (11/21) 

Must sell- leaving area. Sear "Free Spirit- 10-
Speed. $90. Call Lou 274-6155. (11126) 

67 Chevelle-Corvette 327ITurbo ~ or 4 sp . 
polished hlrlse, holley, MIT, rims plus 2 
slicks, BOckets-Pat 755-0021 (11121) 

Garage sal&-3 speed bike fumllure house 
hold items great clothes 8190 LBJoIla Shore> 
Dr. Sunday 9-t 111/21} 

Stereo phono com piela $35 454-0665 or 452-
);178 (11/21) 

Whereabouts of Our Lady of Light. Will pay 
lop cent. (1112t) 

Wanlad : Two flxlures for 8 ft . ffuorescent 
lights. Call 454-7954, S18IIe. (11 121) 
Going to San "nlonlo Texas - need riders 

Bring Ihe loot and get Iheboots. Hansen Inti leaving (tll28) call Gary e .... 755·6917 
ski boots. Shell slza 9-11 . More Into call Ron (111 21) 
452-1879. (11/24) 

Sony stereo Hardly used cost 500 new one yr 
ago ask 375 ph 452-0668 (11 121 ) 
Cramming tor finals? Dont! Get prof ap-
proved leclure notes sold M·Th Revel le Quad 
\lEt all back Issues Psych 10, Psych 16, Econ 
1 B Econ 2", Chem 3(;, Nal Sci ,,,, Ochem 

Bio 7. Nat ScI IC, Linguistics lA, Sci /I Tech 
l1A (11126) 

Need help wllh critique will pay 264-1274 
(11121 ) 

• ~RVlCES 
Collegiate research alds·thousands on file . 
Send $1 for you r 180 page mall orda' catalog . 
Research "sslstance, 11322 Idaho " ... '206 
Los Angeles CA 90025. 213-477-8474. (11 19) 

The unCOlnpromising ones. 
The calculations you face require no less. 

Far away from home?- another slale, another 
counlry? How would you like to have 
Thanksgiving dinner wllh a lamlly? There.re 
some families who would like 10 share with 
you If inleres led call Lisa: 459-6442 (11124) 

NOR" : 
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX-
XXXXXXXXX 

David Enlerprises 111121} 
Learn about excellent business opportunity 
for spare lime. Come in for appolnlment . Call 
453-6829. P1/21} 
Happy BD Jeff Simons you're really greal & 
we wish you a good year, keep your pants on 
8nd keep smiling (11/ 21) 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Pho.ne~UFE 24 hrs 

Free COunRling, study ' ~ 
, and speakers 

LAST DAY! 
of ThE 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

HP-DAYS 
you CAN STill GET 
A fREE T-shiRT 

The new compact Hp·21 and Hp·25 The lIP-2S Scientific 
scientific calculators take it easy on your 
budgel-lJ1d give you the same uncom· Programmable. st9S. 

Botb the lIP-21 and the lIP-2S 
feature: 

wiTh puRchAsE 
of AN)' promisi~'1 d~i ign and quality that go 72 built-in functions and 

Into eVerJ Hewlett·Packard pocket 
calculato·, regardless of price. operations. 
The lIP-21 Scientific. ~ ~I = found in the HP·21, plus 
32 buih,-infunctions and 'lOG. Keystroke programmability. 
operati m - The utomatic answer to repetitive prob-
Perform; a) log and trig functions, the lems, Switch to PRGM and enter the 
latter in -adilms or degrees: rectangular/ same keystrokes you would use to solve 
polar co!lvet1;lon; register arithmetic: the problem manually. Then switch to 
conunor log-eval uation. RUN and enter only the variables 
Perforns all basic data needed each lime. 
manipuladon _ Full edlUngcapability, 
and eXeaJtes all function in one second You can easily review and quickly add 
or I s. or change steps. 

Branchlngand conditional test 
capabll ity. 
Eight built·in logic comparisons let you 
program oonditional branches. 
8 addressable memories. 
And you can do full regi ter arithmetic 
on all eight. 

RPN logic system. 
Let's you evaluate allY expression with-
out copying parentheses, wOlT)'ing 
about hierarchies or restructuring be· 
forehand. You see all the intermediate 
data displayed; you rarely re·enterdata: 
you can easil y backtrack to find an error 
because all functions are performed 
individually. 
Full decimal display control. 
You can choose between fixed decimal 
and scientific notation and you can ron· 
trol the number of places displayed: The 
HP·25 also gives you engineenn, nota· 
tion, which displays power of ten in 
multiples of ±3 for eue in wortini with 
many units of measure -e.g., Idlo (l()3), 
nano 00-9 ), etc. 
Come In and see these great new 
calculators today, 

HEWln-r PAdcARd 

Manufactures Rep. wi. 
be in the Bookstore to 
answer any questions. 

Bookstore hours 8-4:45 Mon.-fri. 

FridaY. Neve ... r 11,1175 

l.{oeJr feet have been ~tTing fvr th~ da~ TfJ~ 
could have a pair of LeJ/i~ all -tv themsdves.New 
levi5 heaV\.{ leatnet5 wffh rugged soles. · · 
n rivets .. "YllitHe.omYlge~Cnn, 'et1lon' gu~ get irrtv l.evi!S. · :fOr 1iiH c#- · 

Page Seven 



• rhOlI.11IIl'8 

Women Post Improved Times in All-Cal Swim I M Eliminations Start Today 
byS dll 

Auistaat SpOrts Editor 
Despite losing to Long Beach 

state and finishillg only fifth of the 

six schools competing at the AlI-
Cal meet in Berkeley, the UC San 
Diego womens' swim team showed 
marked individual progress in last 
week's aquatic action. 

Su.nday EPISCOPAL 
Services I n Area 

UCSD EPISCOPALIANS 12:00 
at Univ. Community Ch . 

Swimming against Long Beach 
in a meet that counted towards 
league standings, but that was also 
attended by Cal State Los Angeles' 
team, U~D was defeated in both 
the "A" and "B" divisions. The 
three-school fonnat, with only two 
of the schools being officially 
scored, is being tried this year to 
increase each meet's competitive 
level. However, unwinding each 
race's results has proven difficult 
and is the reason that no official 
scores are available from this 
triangular contest. 

9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
Fr. Joseph Young ph. 452-0614 
GOOD SAMARITAN (meets at 
M.arsey Sch. ) 
2640 Sederblom, Universi ty City 
8and 10a.m . (S.S--all ages) 
ST. JAMES BY-THE-SEA 
743 Prospect St . La Jolla 
7 :30, 9 (S.5--all ages) & 11 In Berkeley last weekend, the 

UCSD swimmers responded 
favorably to the more organized 
atmosphere and higher level of 

ST. PETER'S 
1 Parish Lane, Del Mar 
8, 9 (S.S.--oll ages) & 11 

Beachwear & Casual clothing 
Complete line of Skateboards & Accessories 

New & Used Surfboards & Kneeboards ~ustom orders available '" Wetsuits in all Sizes 
SONSHINE~SURF SHOP 

1911 Cabhi SI. in Ocean Beach 222-1438 

WINTER TRAVEL for UCSD 
contact : Bill Keller, SSW Travel Office 

UCSD International Center 
452-0630 110m - 4 pm Mon., Wed ., Fri. 

Space still available 
NEW YORK CHARTER $209 

. MAZATLAN CAMPING $139 
. 

CENTRAL AMERICA 3 wks S4 79 

Bob Davis ~amera Shop 
~ £quipMtacf Ut .£a gelf4 

7717 Fay 

Discount Prices 
Canon, Olympus 

Nikon. Pentax 
Sales, Repairs, & Trades 

459-7355 

Drink drink drink 

... w ler all th village's knav s, knights and ICldies-in-
wait ng fat and make merry. Quaff your favorite 
brev h c;irip thf> tained glass windows and cobble-
ston walls of a 17th century ca!>il . E,,-j h arty 
sanc;wi h lik th Renaissan e, half a pound of chopped 
sirle In har-broiled with ham, ch se, lettu e and 
tom ito, Try a shrimp or beef Bratkebob, or a beggars 
banqu of 5OUp, ch s , frui t, br ad and wine. Or one 
of1)oth rh art y sandwiches or spe ialiti s; ju t about 
ev Iything is I ss than th pri of a movi . 

Hav a drink or a meal at th Brat k liar aft r your 
n t joust. Mak a point f it. 

bcntekellnc 
t four nturi s away. OV('rI king thE' 

')0 Prmpc t t. M K 11M Plaza. r> n daily for 
lun h, dinn 'r and ocktail . 

Sunday brunch 11 .M .-2 PM. 
Happy H~~r : 4:00-4:00 P.M. M-Fri . 

competition. Ceci Smith finished 
third and fifth in the 5O-yard but-
terfly and freestyle events, 
respectively. Her butterfly time of 
28.9 sec. is equal to her best mark 
at the end ot last season, and only 
two-tenths of a second off the time 
needed to qualify for the nationals. 

In the backstroke Pam Kershner 
finished fifth in the ~yard event 
and took two seconrls off of her 
previous best time for this season 
in the 100-yard race. 

Ki Ki Nellis knocked off three 
seconds from her lowest times this 
year in both the 100 and 200 yard 
freestyle. 

Kathy Lynch led off the 200 yard 
freestyle relay team to a fourth 
place finish and anchored the 200 
yard medley relay team to another 
fourth. 

Because they were swimming in 
a meet with only one division, 
coach Dann was more concerned 
with the individual swimmers' 
performance rather than how her 
team placed as a whole. 

"As far as individual times are 
concerned, we really did well," 
Dann said. "Swimming against 
schools like Berkeley and UCLA, 
that's all you can worry about." 
She does not feel- that it is a 
necessity to win swim meetS 
against schools with much larger 
athletic programs. 

by Dave Etaea 
Sports Editor 

Five intramural sports go into 
the final weekend of play in fall 
quarter play-offs beginning today. 
Action will be in the UC San Diego 
pool, Muir field, the main gym, and 
the Rec Gym, and will continue 
through Tuesday. 

Flag football, both men's and 
coed, involves the greatest number 
of teams (see diagrams below). 
Mulch quarterback James 
Roudebush leads Mulch (7-0), the 

Elephanti~ League champs, as 
one of the favorites to win the 
men's title. Two other teams from 
the same league, Sons of Ellen 
Browning and defending champion 
Punks, get a bye into the second 
round. 

Five other unbeaten teams, 
Brutal, Dr. T's, Mauling Bailers, 
Bonzo and Clam Diggers, enter the 
play-offs, with the finals Monday 
afternoon. 

Scabies League winners Riviera 
Yacht Club, and Gonorrhea 
League champs Hot Rocks, both 6-
0, look like the class of the co-ed 
competition. Del Henninger's Puds 
and Steve Heard's Nerds are the 

only other undefeated squads in the 
coed bracket. 

What the Puck hasn't lost in 
either men's or coed floor hockey 
play this year, and they enter the 
play-offs Sunday night in the Rec 
Gym. Finals in both divisions will 
be Tuetday ni8ht. 

Coed volleyball post-season 
competition will be held in a 
marathon SWlday. First round 
matches will start at 10 am in the 
Rec Gym, and play continues until 
the finals at 2:30 pm. Outsiders (8-
0) from the Screwdriver League 
and Get It Up (9-1), the Black 
Russian champs, are among the 
top teams. 

Three-Man basketball play will 
have two rounds Sunday afternoon 
in the two gyms, with the semi-
finals and finals Monday night. EI 
chunko (1~) is the only unbeaten 
team in the basketball play-offs, 
with Lovers (12-1), Dr. T's (13-4 ), 
Spug (12-2), and UL~ (13-5) also 
coming in with top records in the 
IS-team show-down. 

Last year's water polo champs, 
the Underwater Cheapshots, lead a 
four-team race in the inner tube 
play-offs. Play will be from 8 pm to 
11 pm Monday night in the UCSD 
pool. 

I M Football Playoff Schedule 

....21 " .... 
-

'aotCllI 

CI=tI ",lUll , .. U.", 

.... It ... 

... -

--" . fl J,. CIAII_ 

"'.'14 .. 
-

..... 

.... 11.,. 
_ .M 

1lIIOI 

ru n.i.lJ£.uity of Ca{ifovl.ia, "san. :Di£.9~ 
Campu~ fP'to9'ta.m !Boa'td 

puun.h 

. FRidAY NiGln 

"""NIW 

MONKEY BUSINESS 
AND 

ANIMAL CRACKERS 
two M.arx Bros. classics 

USB 2722 7:30 & 9:15 $1 
SATURdAY FilM 

OF MIMI 
directed by lino Wertmuller 

USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 $1 


