
Monday Evening 

180 Attend ,2nd Grad Union Meeting 
by Phillip Protter 
Special Re p orter 

Graduate students from almost 
every UC San Diego department 
met Monday evening to continue 
the building of a Graduate 
Students ' Union. They plan to 
meet again next Monday, May 19, 
at 7 pm In USB 2622 . 

pay and working conditions they 
had previously thought the 
university would never agree to 
were already in practice in other 
departments. 

Demands 

A fter the department reports , 
there was a lengthy discussion of 
the demands that should be 
made. It was agreed that the 
exact wording of the demands 
should be carefully thought out 
and voted on at the next meeting . 
However, the gist of the demands 
was : 

distributed to participants, who 
were urged to take extras to 
olicit new members . The 

completed cards may be sent by 
campus mail to Joe Rogers in 
psychology. The students were 
requested to put their department 
and telephone numbers on the 
backs of the ca rds . 

A motion was made and passed 
to se nd a letter to the ad-
ministration containing the 
demands of the union. The letter 
will be sent Wednesday . The 
administration 's response will be 
reported and discussed at the 
union meeting Monday evening . . 

At the May 19 meet ing, 
elections will be held for a 
negotiating committee. 

Naked dog bathing in Revelle fountain last week. Uffender 
refused to reveal name to IT reporters. [Photo : Tad 
Sperry] 

The meeting which Included 
180 people, began with in-
dividuals describing their 
departments' situation . The 
conditions varied widely from 50 
percent HE ($489 per month, less 
taxe , fees and tui tion, for ni ne 
months) to 12 percent FTEs such 
a in the music department. Some 
departments had sections of 90 
students , and other departments 
projected sections of 100 to 150 
students for next year. 

Some said the departments had 
Intolerable work loads that 
threatened to get even worse : 12 
section contact hours of teachi ng 
per w k. Other department 
req ulneu teaching one quarter 
(regardless of the source of pay, 
and In some cases even without 
pay) . 

-50 percent TA minimum 
monthly employment or its 
equivalent for every grad student 
for the duration of their stay in 
the program. 

-Academic year-long contracts 
to be signed in the spring quarter 
previ ous to the year of em-
ployment. 

Reactions to Ship Seizure Offered 

At least one grad student 
reported this would increase to 
two quarters taught for next year's 
incoming students . The con-
dition ranged wildly : some 
tudents observed that levels of 

-No increase in student/TA 
ratio In any department. No 
increase in workload or 
workhours including appropriate 
conditions. Workload would be 
determined by graduate students 
on a department basis . 

-Fee waivers for all graduate 
students, and tuition waivers for 
all out-of-state graduate students . 

Member hip cards were 

UCSD Closed Out in 
Student Regent Selection 

-by Ma'lilre t Hewey 
Sta ff Writer 

Five tudent Regent applicants,all from southern UC campuses, were 
~elected at the last UC Los Angeles nominating commission meeting. 
The candidates are Alan Katz, Ron Sutrin, and Steven Wade of UCLA, 
Carol Mock of UC Santa Barbara and Margaret Ryan of UC Irvine. 

According to Ron Bee, UC San Diego representative on the selection 
committee, 51 applications from the five southern UC campuses were 
later narrowed down to 15. Bee's job was to help select the 15 by 
weeding through the applica~ons " looking for how they were an-
~wered " 

l:3ee ~aid that although many applicants Ii ted what relevant ex-
perience they had . many did not discuss specifically which university 

I~ ue!> they were concerned with . 
Interviews 

rhe 15 were reduced to 5 by process of Interviewing . Among the l!> 
Interviewed wa UCSD Muir ophomore Alex Annala, who advocated 
the malntenan e of the academic ex ellence of the UC ystem and 
keeping down tuition . 

The live applicant from outhern California will be ombined with 
lour from Northern Californla--three will be ~ele ted by the UC Student 
Ilody PreSident's CounCIl. By June, a final student representative will 
be ~elected to it on the Board of Regent . Th m mber ' term will 
begin luly 1 

l3ee lei t there ought to be more incentive or campen ation for tho e 
who apply for student Regent becau e of the time-consuming nature of 
the lob He said that a possible fee waiver or som other -form of 
payment would draw more 01 a vanety of applicants instead of the law-
Oriented types who tended to appl\, 

by John H. Taylor 
Editor-in-chief 

The reported seizure of a US 
merchant ship by the Cambodian 
Khmer Rouge has prompted 
varied reactions amont some UC 
San Diego faculty and member 
of student political organizations. 

The seizure, reported by the 
White House Monday, occured 
60 miles off the coast of Cam-
bodia The ship, the Mayaquez, 
carried 39 crewmen, many of 
whom are from California . 

President Ford has condemned 
the seizure as an "act ot piracy," 
and threatened the Cambodians 
with "the most serious con-
equences" if they refuse to 

release the vessel. 
The Mayaquez was reported to 

be unarmed. 
The Tr iton Times yesterday 

contacted several faculty 
• members and students to gather 

reactions to the seizure. Sanford 
Lakoff , political science 
department chairman, said he felt 
the US is "doing the right thing" 
in pursuing diplomatic solutions . 

Lakoff noted he was "troubled 
by the confusion over whether 
the ship was in international 
waters or not. " It is reported that 
the Vayaquez was seized eight 
miles from a rock island that is 
claimed by both the Cambodians 
and South Vietnamese govern-
ments . 

Lakoff ugge ted the US un-
dertake an investigati'on "before 
doing anything ras h," addi ng that 
he was .puzzled the US Navy 
allowed the ship to venture into 
Cambodian waters after a 
Panamanian ShiP, en route to 
Thai land, wa topped a weak ago 
by Khm r Rouge force on the 
I land That hip wa allowed to 
leave . 

"What do we have a Navy for? 
Ihere should be better sur-
veillance of what goe on In tho 
water ," he said . 

Lakoff said that if the u e of 
diplomatiC channel I Inef-
fectual , " then it I a very eriou 
matter , and we may have to 
<.omt mplate military a tlon , 
repugnant as that may be " 

A,,~oclate Profe or of HI tor 
Mlchdel Parrish, wha..e plait 

I~ 20th entury Amen an hi tory , 
oppo<,ed th u of force "und r 
,lOy llrcum~tilnce ' 

II., "lid he would demdnd c1 
lull inqUiry by (ongres\ - \In e I 

don t b Ileve the e l'CUtl f' 
hranch I~ the most rehablt, ~ourc (> 

concerning that particular 
vessel" He cited the ca e of the 
battleship Maine in the Mex ican-
American War, and the Gulf of 
Tonkin encounter in the Viet-
namese war when a US ship that 
had been fired on by orth 
Vietnamese gunboats was later 
discovered to have been Involved 
in spying and with aiding the 
South Vietnamese navy in raids . 

He said if the facts reported by 
the White House are determined 
to be correct, the US should 
negotiate through Peking or 

Moscow With the Cambodians 
If diplomatic attempts fail , 

Pam h said, " you have to ask 
yourself If 39 seamen and their 
boat - and intangibles such as US 
honor, prestige and power - are 
worth a military confrontation I 
don' t thil'1k they are " 

He also suggested that Ford fly 
to Phnom Penh personally and 
retrieve the seamen. He felt the 
"overwhelming sense of lustness 
and rightness of such a move 
would protect the president from 

Continued on Page 5 

McElroy to Bat for 
Academic Plan Friday 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

The UC Board of Regents 
convenes tomorrow and Friday to 
dispose of routine University 
business . 

The meeting, to be held this 
month in San Francisco, will 
consider among UC San Diego 
business this campus' academic 
plan The plan , which details the 
present tate of UCSO's academic 
life and outlines plans and 
pro pects for the future, will be 
discus ed during the Regents 
consulation Friday morning with 
Pre ident Hitch . Chancellor 
McElroy will make the presen-
tatIOn of the academiC plan to the 
Regent 

Kar n Steentofte, the UCSD 
tud nt Cooperative external 
affalr~ tatewlde r presentative, 
aid lh urrent financial plight of 

the m dlcal hool may b 
discu ed a well 

Tomorrow , the Rent 
Committee on ducational Polic 
will on Ider a recommendation 
to tabli h th Center for Iberian 
and Latin merican tudle 
(CILA ) on the U D ampu as 
an offi lal Organized Re earch 

Hispanic Studies 
IL urrently coordlnat an 

IntC'rd"cipllnary "pproach In 
und rgraduclte and graduate 
~ernlndr~ In HI panic ~tudl Th 
l nler I~ oord Inatlng gm nt 
01 th> hi entennlal elebratlon 111 
the d 11 Dlf'go red 

rh(, Committee on lclu<.atlonal 
Polil will .11.,0 con Icier a 
I '<.ol11lllPndcltlon that would 
l·~tdbl" h ,111 d 'r empnt bptw n 
I o~ "n~ele, and th Iranian 

~OVl'rnnwnt for th d \ lopm('nt 

WIlliam McEivoy 
01 a Modern Language In tltute In 
Tehran . II co t would be paid 
for by the oil - rich Iranian 
governm nt, while UCLA would 
prOVide manpower from Its 
lingui tl department 

The " Report of the Pre Ident' 
Ta k Force on Chicano and the 
Univ r Ity of California" WIll b 
pre nt d at tomorrow~ m tlng 
The ta k force, e tablished four 
years <'go ha prepared a report 
docurrentmg the tatu of 
Chlcan.) In lne Unlver It Th 
report ugge t that the 
Unlv r • t e k to attract more 

hi ano tudents and mak a 
h rt (,Or 

aid that an Ethnl 
r port, whICh will 

con 



Pasetwo Triton Tim •• 
Letters to the Editor 

C IRG Exploiting Student Apathy 
CalPIRG ha n circulating a 

petition proposihg that there be a 
mandatory fe\~ to fund CaIPIRG, 
which would be collected along 
with registrat.on fees. Refunds, 
they say, would be guaranteed 
upon request. 

This is probably the best way 
for CalPRIC to raise more money. 
Not only will the people who 
have contributed continue to 
pay, but also people will pay who 
are unaware of the refund, never 
get around to pick up their 
refund, or may not want to go to 
the trouble of retrieving their 
refund . 

We would like to emphasize 
that "it is not CalPIRC which we 
are attacking; we do, in fact, 
support their work. It is the 
principle behind their method of 
fund raising that cannot be 
justified . let us say, for example, 
that an organization you did not 
support attempted to impose this 
type of fund raising. Would you 
then believe it was right for them 
to receive more money than they 
were justly due? 

CalPIRC is a group created to 
protect student interests from 
exploi tation and to di ssolve 
student apathy . By this proposal, 

CalPIRC would, itself, be 
blatantly exploiting student 
apathy . 

CalPIRC in the past has always 
done its best to represent and 
protect student interests. But, we 
fear that by instituting this 
funding proceedure, based on an 
unjust principle, CalPIRC will 
taint its good reputation . We 
hope the conscientious members 
of CalPIRC and the student body 
will think twice before supporting 
this type of proposal. 

OAVIOTAlAN 
TOM KliTSER 

Edward Simons 
M ..... I ... MltOf 

Char 
N_ 

Sara 
Editor 

Mark 
Commu 

Paul Wagner 
Sporta Mito. 

Wednesday. May 14.1975 

John H. Taylor 
Ed,to,·in·chlef 

J allies G. Solo 
Otv Mito, 

• m.neg., 

Llrry Deckel 
Arta .dltor 

Tad Sperry 
Photo editor 

KathyCoxe 
Secr.l.rv 

Thus, many people who 
otherwise would not have 
contributed to CalPIRG would 
additionally be funding CaIPIRG . 
Therefore, CalPIRG, which claims 
to be a representative 
organization, would be assuming 
an unfounded representation. 

Stage Crew Member Lists Best Mandeville Seating 
As a member of the Mandeville 

center stage crew, I am well 
aware of the many complaints 
that people have been voicing 

about the auditorium, and I agree 
that most problems are a result of 
poor design. 

One complaint in particular is 
the seating, and lack of visibility 
in certain areas . It is my intention 
in Writing this letter to provide a 
much needed guide to buying 
tickets . The seats I will suggest 
are considered for sight lines 
only; however, I don't believe any 
are acoustically inferior. These 
are my personal preferences, but 
after spending a considerable 
amount of time in the 
auditorium, I feel they are good 
choices. 

risers are on 3 levels, with the 
seats .directly behind each other . 
The remaining rows are the 
permanent auditorium seats. 

(each row is slightly higher than 
the next, and one sits between the 
two seats directly in front of him). 
Row "0 " starts the better seats, as 
"A " " B " and "C" ("C" is lower th~n ro~ "AI " ) are still blocked by 
the temporary seats . After row 
" 0 " " F " " G " and " H" are also go~, but I 'prefer the last, row 
" M ." Here one gets a full view of 
the stage, and doesn ' t have to 
worry about the person behind 
him. Any of the main floor seats 
mentioned are less expensive 
than the orchestra seats, and are 
worth the price . 

For a usual performance, there 
are 25 rows of seats . 13 of these 
rows are temporary seats on risers 
installed in the orchestra pit . The 

The temporary seats are 
designated as rows "M " through 
"NN ." The .... seats are straight 
across, not angled . Rows " AA" 
through "EE" are on the ground 
level . This means that if you sit in 
these seats , your head will be 
about level with the floor of the 
stage. Level 2 consists of rows 
"FF" through " JJ ." Row " FF" is the 
first row where the chairs are 
level with the stage, and there is 
nothing blocking your view of the 
entire playing area. To put it 
simply, it is the best row in the 
house, and almost always sells 
our first. Seats 14 and 15 are 
probably worth the extra money 
one would pay for orchestra 

SCAR Designation for Zarate Inappropriate - seats . Level 3 starts with row 
"KK," and this is probably second 
bes t. There are people in front 
(although a foot or so lower), but 
a good view Is sti ll available . 
Except for row "FF" or "KK" I 
would not buy orchestra seats, as 
they are not worth the extra 
money. 

A word of caution : if you do 
decide to buy main floor seats, be 
sure to buy them in the center of 
a row, because there is a railing 
around the pit (because of safety 
regulations) and it often can get 
in your sightlines. Also, consider 
the type of program (ballet, play, 
etc.) you are seeing. For the 
Pennsylvan ia Ballet , the con-
ductor's head had to be above 
stage level , and people behind 
him cou ld not see. lastly, ask the 
box office people about any 
obstructions for the particular 
show . Remember the fi rst row 
isn't always best. 

In a Triton Times article on May 12 concerning 
the giveaway of non-UFW lettuce, Mike Zarate was 
quoted as saying that the event organized by Tom 
Tanana was "making into a joke something that's 
very serious to a lot of people." 

formation is misleading. 

I 'would like to know why Zarate was identified 
as a leader of the "Student Coalition Against 
Racism." This identification implies that if one is 
anti-UFW in some way, one is therefore racist . This 
is not true . One can be against certain policies of 
the UFW without being racist. I suggest the next 
time Zarate joins' a march against pAaple who 
don't agree with the UFW, he should look into the 
issues rather than infer a racist act. Zarate is en-
titled to his opinions -- however, the Triton Times 
shou ld not have Identified him as a leader of the 
" Student Coalition Against Racism," as this in-

Futhermore I suggest to the UFW that they do not 
continue to throw lettuce around if they want to be 
taken seriously. People who throw food tend to 
look bad regardless of what opinions various ob· 
servers have. Lettuce throwing just downgrades the 
organization . 

KAREN A. T. HORN 
This brings us to the main floor 

seating (rows "A" through "M"). 
which IS · raked and staggered ROB MARKOFF 

Editor's note: Zarate dId not identify hImself 
as SCAR leader .. we did. And since Zarate's 
pn·nciple occupation as a newsmaker on campus 
is with SCAR, the designation was appropnate. 

In addition, no UFW member is known /0 have 
" throt~(n) tettllce around" dun·ng : . Fn·day 's 
,·ally .. - ft. 

The Triton Tim. ia officially rKOiIntzM ... atud.nt n._ao,,-, bv tlla 
Communications Bo.rd of UCSD. Publication la on Mondava. W.d ... ada, •• • nd, 
Fridav. durlOl9 the regul., achool , •• r I .. c.pt on official holidayal. Editorial .nd 
buai ... aa officH .r.'OeatM in 117 BI.k. Hall on the R.,.lIe ColI_ c.mpua. 

Mike Doyle 

L.tt .. a to tha Editor and opinion columna .r. welcomM. All aubmlaalons 
should b. typed on •• · .... c. ~lIna on non·corroalbl ......... Th.., ahould not 
eIIc.ad thr .... gH in I.ngth . TIIa Triton TimH rH."'. tlla right to Mit aub· 
miaaioM bec.ua. of apac.llmitatloM or atyl. r_lr.m.nta. 

For Mitor;'!. ",,114112·3418; for bu.I_.nd .dv.rtla.man'a. c.II462·34II. 

In Elitist University, the Grade is a We~pon 
There can be no doubt in the minds of students that 

the University is an elitist institution, and every eli ti st 
system has a way of controlling its inferiors, a way of 
keeping them in their place. Inferiors are most often 
kept under control with fear . Usually, it is the fear that 
they will lose what little they have, and that often in-
cludes thei· lives. The method of control in most eliti st 
systems IS tlJe threat of military force -at the University, 
it IS the grad . 

I n the educational system, students are consitiered 
inferiors . T'1ey must be kept in their place. The elitists 
maintai n tleir control over students with the grading 
system-a system based on the psychology of fear . I f a 
student d(.oe,n' , fnllow orders, he/she is subiect to 
punishment in the form of a bad grdd .. , 'hich 
presumabl', is etched onto his/ her record for eternity . 

Most stl.dents say they are dissatisfied with most of 
the experitmces that make up their educational lives. 
But they slay in their place because they know that to 
dissent is t,) risk getting a low grade from Professor Sch-
muck . And if they don't get those units, then they won't 
get that degree. And if they don't get that degree, then 
they won 't get into grad school, or they won't get Ihat 
"good" Job And so it goes. 

prevents real learning from taking place --it 
systematically suppresses curiosity, questioning and 
critica l thinking. There is also evidence that formal 
education curtails , and someti mes completely kills, 
originality and creativi ty. 

Professors know the power of grades; they've all been 
tortured by sCOres of professors themselves. Grades 
keep professors firmly in control , make no mistake of 
that. Even when a prof is benevolent and " fair," the 
power of the grade book haunts the class . Students are 
still preoccupied with their grades even when ' they 
consider the competition equitable and requirements 
Just 

I t does not appreciably reduce the manipulation, 
ei ther There IS no escaping this evaluation . Students 
may be given a bit more or a bit less latitude, but they 
are stili caught in the vice of the professor's 
requirements and hi ultimate power to reward or 
punish 

The overwh Imlng mistake-consciousness of our 
education fosters much of the dishonesty. I:verybody 

know~ It's there ; everybody pretends that It IS 
peripheral A sU(vey by Colombia University r searchers 
found that In American co lleges and universltie over 
hdll of dll tudents admitted personal heating. Many 
other , I .,uspect , employ little gimmicks they do not 
u<:lIn il ( h",atl ng rh ~ tudy ,,150 discovered thdt 
cheeltlng held no relatlOmhlp to moral ~tanddr(b In other 

melttN~ It 1\ ,I Itleltt('r of thp prt"SlIr", .. tht, .,tructufE' 
InvMlably (,xl'rL~ 

P('rhdP~ th,'rt' 1\ ..om' con~oldtlon In the Icltt thdl cl.t 

least in the area of cheating, there is some Inventiveness 
and originality, probably more than in any other 
academic practice. 

Grades are also tremendously divisive; they directly 
militate against community and cooperation . They do 
not foster trust among students, but mistrust and in· 
vidious comparison Students are pressured to grab and 
hoard ill-digested facts to be regurgitated at exam time. 
Grades frighten students out of exploring more widely 
ourses in various fields that may intrigue them. They 

fear the bad grades that will result when they are put in 
competition with students majoring in the field . . 

Grades do not motiVate students effectively and they 
destroy the real motivation that grows out of genuine 
interest. They are a debilitating form of labeling that 
~ hut countless students off to their own potential as 
human beings. Grades put learners in compptltlon 
elgalnst each other in a very harmlul way . They bring the 
unplea)an tnes of an InquIsition Into learning, stifling 
th Iby and pcstacy of education 

rh gradE' I ~ a powl'rful weapon, and It must not be 
Ignored by ~tudenb . It ImpO\e~ a caplldllsl value system 
01 ~ood dnd bad, bf>tter ,IOd WOr~(' " erves to alipnate 
.,tudent., from thplr profes~or~ . thelt acadl'mic mdtenal. 
'lnd their peer., The elltl\t, will r('tdln tlwlr (ontrol '" 
I(mij ,1\ ,nd IVldUd l\ are St'pardtf'd bv rivalry , antcillonl\m. 
.Ilia ( ut thrOdt compelltlon Only when ,tudE'nt., realll(, 
the upnl'f,t, 01 l oliecIIH! l.ooperallon Will thl'y hlJerat(' 
tht'mwlvp" trom thl' manlpulatlvt· progrdmmlnll('III'tl, 
,)1 11II,(hl'r (·dll( ,\ tl on 

The grade system is the key to the eli tlst system of 
educatIOn It IS the mechanism of control , dnd Without 
It the ('ntlre authoritman structure of education would 
~wiftly diSintegrate Grading IS both invalid dnd harm-
lui It foster~ competition, ellshon ty dnd fCclr It turns 
the learnmg pro e~s IOta d on game, the tl!<lthpr Into 
,m 1'1,11.,1 , and th(' ~tlJd('nt IOtO il hustlt'r It ,110t only 

~~~-------------------------------------------------------------

Wednesday, May 14.1975 Triton Times 
Graduation Day Nears 

Degree Checks Advised for Seniors 
by Craig lack son 

Staff Writer 
All U San Diego se niors plannmg to graduate 

th ... ,pring but who have not ypt had their final 
degree check should think about doing so quickly . 
rhe three colleges have slightly different ways of 
Illilk,ng ,ure th(,lr <;eniors graduate . (rou rth college 
IM'i only two graduates this year) 

I\t Muil College, the provost's office has a list of 
,cnlors who have declared their candipacy for 
.. pring graduation . If you expect to graduate and 
your name is not on this list, you should im· 
mediately come in to see the senior degree clerk, 
lenore Warner, and file a candidacy card. 

NRori 
Some seniors might be surprised to learn that 

they still have general education requirements to 
fu lfill or that they have No Records or Incompletes 
from previous quarters that have not been resolved . 
Any of these deficiencies can delay gradua tion. 

By the way, an NR lapses to an F after one 
quarter Those on probation or subject to dismissal 
because of low grades are unable to graduate. 

It IS also necessary to file a new candidacy .card 
after all deficiencies are resolved . 

If you are a Muir senior, it is up to you to find out 
your position in regards to graduation . Those 
wishing to graduate in the spring should see Warner 
by the end of winter quarter 

It IS also strongly urged that Junior and 
sophomores come to the provost's office for regular 
interim degree checks . Waiting until the last minute 
can be disastrous -- you may end up just four units 
.,hort of graduation . 

The Muir requirement is 180 total units , including 
18 upper division courses of four units . 

Of course, students should be keeping in close 
touch wi th their departmental advisors to make 
ure they're fulfilling the requirements for their 

major 
Revelle Easier 

Seniors at Revelle have it a little easier . They will 
be recei"'lng notice in a few weeks if they have any 
shortages in graduation requirements . Students 
who f ind that they are falling short of any of the 
Revelle requirements should see Eliza Gillies at the 
Revelle provost's office for advice. 

Actually, almost 99% of Revelle seniors are 
even tually seen by advisors . Most of the detailed 
planni ng, though, should be handled by depart-
mental advi ors. 

The 65 spring graduates at Third Colleg can be 
dealt with on a more direct basis, because the 

ollege IS smaller. The final evaluat ion has already 
been sent out to those expecti ng to graduate this 
spring 

This final evaluation is based on the prOjected 
completion of cOurse being taken this quarter. If 
any discrepancies appear, seniors should see 
Virginia Ortuno to clear it up . One Important point 
only those juniors who fill out the degree ap· 
plication card they will get in their fall registration 
packets will receive a degree evaluation in their 
sen lOr yea r . 

Certificates at Graduation 
All graduati ng seniors will receive final quarter 

grades this spring at the usual time. But this is not 
the final transcript . The updated fi nal transcript is 
mailed out about a month later with the BA or BS 
posted on it. 

Graduates do not receive their actual diplomas 
for three months after graduation. 

Diploma fnformation must be sent to Berkeley 
where diplomas for all the UC campuses are printed 

n masse . 
This delay holds for all three colleges. Some 
~tudents are surprised to discover that no diplomas 
are given out in the an nual spn ng graduation 
ceremony 

There IS proviSion made, however, for students 
needing verification of their graduation to apply to 
graduate school or for a job. They are given cer· 
tificates of completion that show they've com· 
pleted their Bachelor degree work. 

To graduate with honors, a senior must have 
credit for at least 80 units in the UC system as well 
as a department recommendation . Graduation with 
honors is given to those with a 3.25 GPA, high 
honors to those with 3.50 GPA, and highest honors 
to those having a 3.75 GPA 

Those students who fall short for spri ng 
graduation can often take the needed classes 
dunng the summer session and be eligible for 
graduation at that time. 

Coop Has Drama, But No Qrwrum 
by Craig Uchida 

Staff Writer 

The Student Cooperative 
meeting literally opened on a 
dramatic note Monday night. A 
brief skit depicting the fall of the 
administration was performed by 
members of the group . 

Steve Lopez as the Chancellor, 
Lincoln Cushing as a lower 
ec helon administrator, Mont-

~omery Reed as a typical 
~tudent , Irma Munoz as "65 
percent Apathy," and Marco 
liMandri as a radical sym-
bolically demonstrated the 
overthrow of the administration . 

Sitting on top of an eight-foot 

ladder , lopez and Cushing were 
pulled down from their roost by 
the members of the Coop 
representing a coalition of 
students . 

This performance, however, 
drew criticism from some 
members , most notably Brian 
O'laughlin . O'laughlin, a can· 
didate for the statewide external 
affairs coordinatorship, withdrew 
his candidacy because of the skit 
and the political implications 
expressed by the members of the 
Coop 

He walked out, saying the Coop 
had reduced itself " from a three 
ring circus (as mentioned earlier 
in the year) to a one·ring circus" 
and desired no further par-

ticlpation in the organization . 
As the meeting progressed, 

further complication s and 
problems arose . Ouring the 
approval of a Budget Resource 
Group (BRG) allocation request, 
Montgomery Reed strongly urged 
passage of funds amounting to 
$400 for a guest speaker. It was 
indicated by Alex Annala, 
however, that budget allocation 
would have to be voted upon in 
the following meeting, as is' 
stipulated in the rules. 

Reed, adamant in his request, 
moved that the Coop ad~ourn and 
then immediately reconvene in 
which a " new Coop" would be 
established With new rules that 

Continued on Page 5 

ATTENTION 
SENIORS 

Graduation Announcements are at the' University 

Bookstore ~-O11 , . . They may be purchased 

at your convenience for 30 cents each. 

Page three 

.EI 'UP .A STOB 
Spring Ski Sole 

All new clothing and skiis 
at rock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENUE 
4~4-1410 

LOTTE GOSLAR 
PANTOmimE 

CLASSES 
MAY 15-

MAY17-

2-4 :00pm 
4-6 :00pm 
6-B :00pm 
11-1 :OOpm 
1-3 :00pm 
3-4:00pm 

Dance! Mime Master Class $1 
Modern Master Class $1 
Dance! Mime Master Class $1 
Ballet Master Class $1 
Dance! Mime Master Class $1 
Children 's Mime Workshop 
ages 6-B and 9-12 50c 

Tickets available at Recreation Gym 452-4037. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
~ UCSD: EUROPE '75 ~ 
E CHARTER FLIGHTS ~ 

~ STILL OPEN ~ 
~ n da,a June" LA/ P.ri. nA DC.. W60 00 ~ ~ Aug. 2I P.ria/ LA TIA DC.. . ~9 13 d.ya June 22 lAIfI'.ri. nA DC.. W60.00 Sept 12 P.rla/ LA TtA DC·l0 
~ 52 d.y. Jut., rn LA/ P.ria TIA DC.. MIG,OO @ Aug. 2I P.ri./ LA TIA DC"~ ~9 21 d.y. Aug. 03 LA / P.ria TtA DC.. W60.00 S..,101 P.rla/ LA TtA OC-10 
:IJ 34 d.ya Aug. 12 LA/ M.drld TIA DC.. MIG 00 ~ 

on. W.Y S.pt 01 LA/ P.rI. TIA DC.. _ • . 00 
r. S.pt I" P.rla/ LA TIA DC-10 . e 

Jun.3O LA/ P.peet. UTA .m.00 
TAHITI : July 13 P.peet./ LA UTA ~ For UCSO etud.nta, faculty , .taff .nd their ~ 

• 

Immadl.t.f.mlll • . 
Contact: Stud.nt Services W .. t Tr ..... 1 OffIce ~ 

UCSD Intarnatlon Centar 0412-0130 
Op.n : 11.m to 4 pm Mon. WM. Fri 
~ '.m to I pm Tu. &Thurs ~ 
~~~~~~~G'Q,..c;;I~~~~~~ 

., ~. 
1hur5do\J - May 15 -ircc' ( d ·1r~£ 3 PM ... HL Au 

.. 5 PM ... KeVt~~ 11 C. 



Pap four 

The Vol'd Man 
It was the St: Bernards, ac-

tually, that led us to the wild 
man , You see, an attendant was 
washing the cement at the Arco 
station in Del Mar, no doubt in 
preparation for the moment when 
he would attempt to lure his SI. 
Bernards into the horse trailers he 
kept out back and drive them 
home through darkened streets 
and alleys , 

by job" H. Ttlylor 

It is probably not pleasant to have to deal daily with dogs that big, 
especially when they get bad and mean - he does it only because a 
dying relative wheezed, "Take care of Fritz and Pompidou," 

And so this poor man, on a gas station attendant's salary - with 
which he buys dog food and ground beef (the latter for Fritz and 
Pompidou) - must care for two enorA"lOUS, slovenly dogs that have 
alienated him from landlords and friends, and have forced him to live 
in seclusion beneath the railroad bridge in Solina Beach, 

Triton Time. 

Israeli Poet Given . 
Judaic Studies Position 

For the first time in UC San 
Diego's history , a full-time 
position has been opened in 
Judaic studies. 

The position, in the Depart-
ment of Literature, will be filled 
for the 1975-76 school year by 
Dan Pagis, an Israeli poet who 
teaches literature at the Hebrew 
University in Jerusalem. 

Previous classes in Judaic 
stud;es have been limited to the 
Cultural Traditions program, with 
instructors drawn from other 
UCSD departments 'or from the 
community at large. 

'Auspicious' 

studies curriculum here for 
several years, said of the Pagis 
apPointment, " It is an' auspiciOuS 
appointment that will, it is hoped, 
lead to a permanent ap-
poi ntmen t, and perhaps two Or 
three ." 

He added, "It is an open 
question whether he (Pagi~) will 
stay after next year, but it is 
unlikely since Jewish studies here 
is in such a formulative stage, and 
since he is a key figure in Israeli 
literature," 

Wednesday. May 14.1975 

• "on~"oflt 
PU bile ",y'c:e 

•• ncv 

Birth 
ContrQI 
Institute 

• Counseling 
• Pregnancy Testing 

~ Abortion 

• Birth Control 

• Vasectomy 

Anyway, the attendant was washing the cement in the shadow of his Ph ' f W It K h 
dogs, who were locked in the office - only, I assure you, because they h ' ySlcs Pfrothessor a ·tetr °thnt' 

The search for an individual to 
fill the new position began in the 
fall of 1974 when a search 
committee was formed, chaired 
by Jaime Alazraki , a professor of 
American Literature. 

• Famale Sterilization 
<:'11 BCI fQr 

confidential mist.nce 
(7141 283-6351 

(714) 560-5757 
ted t be I ked ' th ft' t h' h' 01 ' h c airman 0 e comml ee a wan 0 oc In e 0 Ice - wa c '"g 1m co y, In appy h ' ed th UCSD J d ' 

anticipation of the moment they would lead him to the brink of car- as organlz f! u alc 
diKaIT~t~c~~~himth~mi~downthebeK~m~ki~h~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~U~C~S~D~~T~h-e-~~tre~~P~resen~~-ts~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
screams of terror with barks that shook the earth and probably flooded -
the streets of Honolulu , And I, frankly, was willing to leave the fool and 'I'll'" 
his dogs alone. . .. 

But Jennifer had to go look at the damn dogs, so we crossed the 
street and found ourselves under viciOUS attack from the wild man, an A.AZIRQ 
asthmatic, pained-looking bulldog that walked along wi th all the grace 
of an ostrich with thumbtacks in its feet. He bounded toward us, O-DI .... I .. a. .. WIll ... AL 
sending Jennifer and me frightened over the curb and alerting the SI. _ V V~".i~ .. .., ... 
Bernards-who still waited in the office like the lions awaiting Daniel - .a.. 1\ ..a "II'" 8110W 
to the presence of the wild man, a puny yet troublesome diversion of -..... _ 
the attendant's interests that the dogs would have to deal with quickly, 
and with as little mercy as possible. The attendant, you see, was 
walking toward us and smiling at the wild man indulgently, forgetting 
for a moment the St. Bernards. 

Likely a costly oversight. We have not seen the attendant since that 
cold night in Del Mar, when the cruel wind whistled in the trees, and 
the dead leaves fell like-like dead leaves , 

The wild man, sai~the attendant (poor, poor man) was left at the 
Arco station by a fellow citizen-obviously an intelligent and 
thoughtful one-who drove up, made a phone call, and drove out sans 
wild man. This had been 15 minutes ago, and the wild man had been 
limping and whining around the gas statioJ1', leavi ng no doubt in 
the mind of anyone who passed that he was, indeed, the ugliest and 
most pathetic dog on the face of the earth , The wild man had pink 
eyes, very little hair, and an air about him that impelled one to want to 
kick him, several times . 

The wild man, needless to say, followed us to Jennifer's house. We 
locked him in the bathroom, because he seemed to enjoy pissing 
Indoors more than out, and discussed him in the living room , 

The discussion was not complex, It consisted mainly of the question 
"Could you ever love a dog as ugly and sad as the wild man?" and 
frequent answers to the negative. 

When Kathy came home-we knew this would be the first test of the 
wild man's loveability quotient-we directed her to the bathroom , As 
the door opened--and she opened it slowly, probably expecting to find 
Soto naked in there, with a carnation in hiS teeth and Saki on his 
breath--the wild man came out. Kathy managed to keep her scream 
within limits that still allowed her to catch the wild man in the door at 
the neck, She is reported to have comm nted, "Good Lord Jesus, he's 
sodamn ugly ." 

We asked her to release the wild man, so that he would not die, and 
allowed the beast to enter the living room, where I lay on the floor on a 
large, Qrange pillow-the size of this pillow cannot be imagined or 
explained ; perhaps in another column-trying to watch some bad film . 

Continued on Page 5 

UNiON of JEwish STudENTS 
May 21 : Dr. Joshua Blau--UCLA--will sr)eak on "Revival 

of Hebrew as a Spoken Language." HL 12058: 00 
May22 : VERY IMPORTANT 

PLANNING MEETING FOR 
75- ']6. Student Center Conference 
Room upstairs, 7:00 

May 23: Shabbat Dinner, Muir Apartment Lounge, 7 : 30 

Remember Israeli dancing Mdhday nights 

f 
I 

'U,z/pLuil.'1 0( C!.a{i.!O'f.niA, ~an r:DiL~o 
C!.ampu.l :PWR'I.O.m !Boatd :PU!1.E.nt1 , . 

Afternoon 0/ Jazz 
~ 

s.t rday, May 17 - Noon t04 pm FREE 
Grusy' Knoll behind Hl Library-Revelle Campus-

Featuring: 

JOE PASS with Bob 1'.lagnusson <So Jim Plank 
JOE !.IARILLO with EQUINOX 

!.IIKE PEED TRIO 
JAZZ WEA THER GROUP 

A New Look ~t Old F~bles 

A Glittering Galaxy of 'Glorious, Rare, 
and Remarkable Displays 

From Foreign Lands 
What Is It' Woman or beast? See the sphynx 

never belore displayed or tamed •.• 
, An excellent laughable farce, entitled: 

Oedipus Gets His Girl 
Husleal entertalninent by the Ineomparable 

Ed liln" & Josle 
A demonstration of superior strength and unchallenged skill 
in the ancient art of wrestling: King Laius will meet the mysterious stranger 

For ehlldren of all ages - pleasurelul puppets 
present 'a popalar Paneh a .Judy, or 

The Talkl~g Baby! 
AND T ••• .&IR • TTB'&OTIOH ~ e ~ 

A .O:a.AL TB.&&BDY rOB 
TOVH& £HD OLD! 

A BVB!;..,!. III 'fl ••••• 
Delicious Refreshments 

May ~1-~4 and ~9-31., 1.975 ' 
8:00 pm. - Central Library 

TICKETS: 81..50 students 
83.00 general 

Box olffee: 407 MC, afternoons 

f 

Wednesday. May 14, 1975 Triton Time. 
At Large ... Coop . .. 

, , Continued from Page 4 Continued from Page 3 
The wild man, wheeZing profusely, approached me and, trYing to be would ,erv his plJrpose 
fr iendly, pISSed on my arm and the pillow and retreated to the corner HIS motion was def ated and 
of the room . upon counting h ads it' wa~ 

Also playing a large part in the process that eventually led us to ('lis overed that a quoru~ was not 
pxpel the wild man from the back door was Timmy, a vain and lazy cat present. Thus any vote on a 
whose worth, In any se nse, IS Immeasureably low, and who In the long business matter would be in-
run IS less valuable a creature even thlln the wild man But Tirpmy is, validated 
unfortunately, omething of an institution at Jennifer's house, and my 
frequent suggestions that he be tortured, killed and cooked have been 
ignored. 

David Harris 
to Speak Here 

David Harris, jailed for hiS anti· 
war activities In the 1960s, will be 
the guest speaker during a fi 1m 
presentation , " Peace With 
Honor," tommorrow at 8 pm in 
the Mandeville auditOrium . 

To punt simply, though the wild man was more frightened of Timmy 
than the cat was of the wild man, it was clear that peaceful coexistence 
would be impossible, Their eyes met, and the hatred the weak and 
lowly often feel for each other surged between them , 

It was not my decision alone to let the wild man out the back door 
and down the stairs .' Perhaps he offended everyone's sense of status 
quo, as new pets often do. Or perhaps he just offended everyone 

But anyway, we loosed the wild man that night to become an hors 
d'oeuvre for some hungry SI. Hernard , And we miss him , 

Sort of. 

Self·Confidence ... 
Continued from Page 7 l(ames. 

Without a quorum, it was 
impossible to allocate the BRG 
funds and to vote on the new 
External Affairs Coordinator. 

Sophomore Melora MHtlnga, Tonlte 7 
pm, No. Dining Hell. Revelle C.te . 
Phyaica. Meth. Ch.m. APIS, ,AMES. 
Thurs. 7 pm, aeme piece, Soclel Scl.nce 
Melora, 115/ 141 

The film to be shown is Emile 
de Antonio's 1969 documentary 
" I n the Year of the Pig," described 
by the Washington Post as "worth 
seeing 'after Vietnam', for It raises 
questions about Americans that 
will be asked as long as Wf' are a 
uperpower," 

included lectures and game situation clinics where 
thE' umpires worked on all aspects of the game. 

The clinic was just the beginning, With his staff 
of 13 students, Moss will be taking charge of 
various recreational programs rangi ng from the 
little league and community playgrounds to 
handling the plate and bases of the professional 

Of the 13 persons involved, £> are from UCSD, 
Four UCSD students -- Rick Crawford, AI Hunter, 
Mark Nevelo and Bill Sheier - will work out of 
Fairbanks, " while Greg Krohn and Dana Lyon, the 
otner UCSD students, work in Anchorage. The 
remainder of the staff will be based in Anchorage 
and Kenai 

There is no charge fo r the 
program , which is being spon-
sored by the Groundwork 
Collective, Free child care will 
also be provided, 

Racism at UCSD 
"Racism at UCSD" will be 

discussed in an afternoon seminar 
today at 4 pm in the student 
center's large conference room. 

Muir Guest-In-residence presents 

t ickets: 

RQ~ 
§d(9sQ.2o~.f~ 

Author 01: Fahrenheit 4,51 
The Martian Chronicles 

The Illustrated Man 
S1-For All Students Thurs . May 22 7: 30 pm Mandeville Aud 
S2-General Admission Tickets at box office student center 

ru.r.!.<:5.2:). c!'ampu1 :Pw,qw.m !i3oa'td :P'f.ut:nt!l. 

7ie~~ 
4IU!t~~ 

~tk~oI~.~ 
".,. E.e ~ tWt.",,,, 8,'1:, ~~ 

~ IJ'.'"', 
WEDNESDAY, May 14 MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
8 :00 p.m . U.C.S.D. Student $1.00 Gen . AdmiSSion 

, $2 ,00 Tickets available at Student Center Box Office 
452·4559 or 452-4092 

• 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fined 
repairs 
houri mon-In, 10,30 - B 00 
MI, I()'S clOWd wlldlys 

sports arena blVd. 
(across Irom In. sports IltNl 

224·2973 224-2974 

Support 
TT Advertisers 

. The program is sponsored by the 
Student Committee Against 
Racism (SCAR) and will feature 
Black Students Union Chair-
person AI Zollar and a MEChA 
representative, 

The I?rogram is part of SCAR's 

Conversations on Christian Social Witness 

Christian Witness and 
Corporate Responsibility 
Dr. Daniel Orr. Professor of Economics. UCSD 
Dr. John P. Crossley. Assoc, Professor, School 
of Religion. University of Southern California 

United Campus Ministry 
Thursday, May 15 

Revelle Formal Lounge. 7-9:00 pm 

ThURSdAY FilM 

ij(J)(J} (D~~W~ 
by 

Francois Truffaut 
Winner, Grand Prix Award , Cannes Film Festival, 

first New Wave film 

Thursday, May 15, 9 :00 & 10: 45 
USB 2722 $1.00 

, iNfiNiTY SURF SHOP 
South Mission Beach 

CUSTOM SURFBOARDS 
$95.00 

Any Size or shape. Fully guaranteed 

ALSO : From Hawaii , a complete line of SAM HAWK and 
DICK BREWER SURFBOARDji . 
AN D: Balsa Boards , Kneel5'oards. Boogies . skateboards, 
wetsuits. churchill fins . trunks , shirts ana sandels . 

ALL USED BOARDS ON SALE! 
2912 MissIon BlVd. South Mission Beach 
-----488-9202-----~ 

10% discount on any Item with this ad 

Page five 

mobilizatIOn towards Saturday's 
national March on Boston, called 
by the NAACP to protest raCISt 
attacks on efforts to desegregate 
Boston schools 

Locally, SCAR IS sponsoring a 
picket lin at the Federal BUilding 
downtown Saturday morning at 
11 am Rides are available to 
those who meet Saturday at 10 
am in the Revelle plaza 

SCAR also held a press con-
ference thiS morning on the 
Federal Building steps explaining 
the importance of Saturday'S 
picket line in the national 
mobil izatlon 

Seizure . .. 
Continued from Pilge 1 

harm , and insure that -the men 
would be released. 

Jerry Frelwlfth, a member of 
UCSD's Young Socialist Alliance, 
said , " We're very suspicious of 
this event" He said he doubted 
the credibility of the White House 
statement, and added that the 
YSA would oppose "using the 
event as an excuse for renewed 
intervention " into Indochina . 
Tom Tanana, leader of the 
campus chapter of the Young 
Americans for Freedom, sa id the 
US should "request that. they give 
back the ship," and then "be 
hardnosed about it -- go in with 
conventional bombers and in-
vade ." 

He said the US has the 
responsibility of protecting the 
lives and property of Americans . 

Billy Jack ••• 
Continued from Page 6 

Teresa Laughlin said that the 
role of Billy Jack was much like 
her father; he IS very concerned 
with the happenings in the world 
today, and IS constantly reading 
and collecting incidents for 
future use in hiS movies. All of the 
Incidents in " The Trial" were 
based on authenticated accounts 
of real occurrances Lane said 
that all of the roles were written 
with'a specific actor In mind, and 
that the actors had a great de(ll of 
freedom in terms of Im-
prOVisation of dialogue, 

Speaking as an actress, she said 
Tom Laughlin " wrote very 
carefully for us," making the role 
as easy as possible, 

This tben IS what the in iders 
think of as the basic of " Billy 
Jack;" the reality and relevancy of 
the films, They are all interested 
in what they are doing, and will 
probably continue to do so, at the 
expense of plausible drama. 

BUGGEd? TAppEd? 
AEGIS electronic counter 
measures will protect 
your privacy . 
You are not defenseless 
under the discreet eye of 
the AEGIS . 
For information on 
systems and service 
write : 
AEGIS Electron ics 
P.O. Box 81616 
San DIego, Calif. 92138 

J\ 
T 

T 
It 
E 

B 
A The Lemon TreeCorner 
R 1049 Camino Del ar 

E NAVEl' 



Page' Six Triton Tim •• 
TT Intervi, 

Billy Jack vs. Fellinil 
by Daniel Sh~wler 

Staff Writer 
not coincide . 

Thi campaign envokes the 
question , "why do the producers 
of 'Billy JaLk' care about the the 
critics if their movie has been 
successful in spite of bad 
reviews?" 

Wednesday . May 14. 197~ 

The assignment, an interview 
with Teresa Laughlin, daughter of 
Tom Laughlin and Delores Taylor 
(alias Billy Jack and Jean Roberts, 
respectively) was intended as a 
part of the celebration of the 
second coming of "The Trial ' of 
Billy Jack ." 

However, from the beginning, 
there was a slight problem that 
had to be overcome -- Teresa 
Laughlin was either too inar-
ticulate or too shy to carry the 
interview by herself. Most of the 
conversation was supplied by two 
companions: Russell Lane, 
another ac tress from the same 
film, and Bruce Feldman , a non-
actor publicity director. 

for two years, is the much 
publicized sequel to "Billy Jack," 
the top money making " relevant" 
film of the early 1970's. In its 
three hours, "The Trial" manages 
to investigate more social 
problems, ranging from Kent 
State to Indian rights, than Harold 
Reasoner. In the film, Teresa 
Laughlin " plays Carol, a 
dedicated student who works 
with a crippled child . I n addition, 
she composed several songs that 
she sings in the film." 

The most obvious answer was 
given by Lane, who said that the 
essay contest was intended to 
"make critics aware of what the I 
people think ." According to 
Feldman, the " Billy Jack" movies 
have been qui te lucky in the box 

Recently, there has been a 
massive publicity campaign by 
Billy Jack Enterprises, Inc!, aimed 
at discovering "why the critics are 
out of touch with reality ." Much 
money has been poured into 
newspaper advertisement that 
pOintoutthat the top ten mOVies , 
as chosen by the critics, which do 
not contain " Billy Jack, " and the 
top ten box office attractions, 
which do include "Billy Jack," do 

office . However, many movies Michael Bolland (/eli] and Teresa Laughlin (n'ghll in a scene 
never had the chance of from' The Trial of BIlly Jack. " (Ph% : BJ En/erpnses. J 

"Relevant" 
"The Trial of Billy Jack, " for 

those people who have been 
trapped in a blazing skyscraper 

becoming popular because they 
were destroyed by the critics . He 
feels that too many good movies 
never get off the ground because 
of the heavy emphasis placed on 
the critics by the film industry. 

Teresa Laughlin said she hoped 
the essays entered in the contest 
would "give someone else a 
choice." 

the LOTTE GOSLAR 
PANTOMIME CIRCUS 

Friday, May 16 - M~ndeville Auditorium 8 pm 

"One of the world's greatest artists. An.audience of 
more than 2,000 was held spellbound." San Francisco Chronicle 

U.C.S.D. Student 52, 53. Gener<lll Admission $4, 55. 
Tidets <1Vail~ble at U .C.S.D. Student Center BOll Office 452-4559 or 452-4092. 

"This engallement is in cooperation with the California Arts Commission <lind is sup-
ported, in p.Jrt, by funds from the National Endowment for the Arts." 

1 & ------1 
._ttQJA 

.,..,. 
B:lG.)~~~~ 

A fully ~id vacation for two anywhere in the United 
States of America or Mexico induding air fare. lodging 

(5 daysl4 nights). and spending moneyl 
(Or $1.200 cashl) 

B3lli .93Iu ~ 
lSi. Wino ... ) S2O!' 

lMpping ., .. It any 
Lton dothit't9 .tor • • 

1'''LION't 

tTwenty.four WlnnenJ 
A 0"''''-

subKription to your 
f.¥Orite kMat Of 

nat .... m .. u ... 1 

I .... .., .... _ Wlno_) 
•• -mont the ... 1'10 

peopM 10 come Jnto on. of 
ou. thr .. U,S.E. offtcee 10 

c.-.ct ..... or mON 
t~_ ... then .-.:. OM of 

theM popuIer boot. Oft: 
..... .. IIng. , ...... -

_ • • _oIoend 
mMt cook bcM*., ..... 

Mort eM to wiMlne 
bridge. 

lULlS: SEVEN WAYS 10 ENTER-MANY WAVS 10 WIN! 
'11 __ JI'M ~_ ~ Ind Stall Efnptoy ... Ct-o. Lhon ...... v'" ¥It 
, ....... FREE 0f'If 0# ~ coni'" 1Idt .... Th. I~ purbon of h 

"'~_ be."", 1f\~1C*.« o.nel/n'fCU""""" for ..... dl'1'Mf'IQ TIck .. 
d~."""" 
:::r:.. ~ IMa • u.s.1. er.. Un6DrI ofIIc. ~~;~ 

~otft "'MW"""'" ZFAEE TICKETS 
~1n.MW""'" ,FME ffC)tETS 
~.;::.~ __ ..;- ..... TICKET 
$2$otmcn - bulleM"'" S50 ZFREE TPETS 
1$01 lnCn - tIUI-.Ihen'15 "ME TICI<ETS 
,_a'le ......... tor....,~ofUS) 
.." ......... _--......... ....-. ......... : 
1Nr • ...,to- ... 1NfI1Z5 1 FAEE1I(;KET 
1i2S00,... - tlwt ... ...,. tflltElTlCKETI 
MDormcn- buf __ IlenI7$ 3fAEETtCKETI 
laIId(lrlt ... MNlIor..., ....... oI0) 
,., ................... U •• I.. er-....... tftClUCllng.,., .. - ...... 
.. 0.---...... -..-1 

.... $500 1 FREE nCKET 
lSOOOfmore - tIuI_"'" " .000 2FREE flOCETS 
II 000 01 more - tJ.II '-rwn SI ~ 3FAEE TICMETS 

tldcloneW"IIctl"IOr.,.,.,~""!§(JI)1 
."", ............. ,.._ ....... tor.tMn"-.... ~) 
Uow$.500 , FME TOtET 
i_Of rnrw. - tJuC"'1WI11 .000 2FREE rtCKETS 
SI ,OOOormor-. - OUI ... .., 11,500 )'N:E Tt()(ETS 
(MId Oftt tree t;c:t.. frat.,.., """"* CIt bOOl 

w. ..... c..of Ir.......,.,..",.. ... etf rowr"",*trOfftYfNl'" 
........ enG lAMfttcw.,.,. s...., Mnd ....... Ia.,....,...... w. ... 

~)'OU .. .,.....-y ........... F(JI.~"-", jt.llltClOfM.., 
..,..".. ... doh .... n...Gf'leol .... ~USI -':"CfoM.., 
?OIl ............ bIIow ~ .... _23. 1.1S . 

'cadi .. ..,.. ........... OUI ~ file .,... ...... WCIft 
r""~ ..... .." .. __ ....... bII....,CIrI....,". t~a s.oarcI 
... IWd pa.c. "'"' .. bII dPaoIlIft .. -" IWMCtI .-. .. 12 30,... M I..,...""' .... wi .. If' ............ to !he $566.....".., ..... ~ ..... 
ar .... Pnl. dr ...... S.30 Q," Lmt 01 ortt pnq '* QtfMfI , ...... 
"""'" pnMJ ......... nell ... IJNMN US f. 0-"""" '*-'- .... 
................... ,. ..... 

Too Many Jokes 
There was much criticism 

leveled at the critics. Both 
Feldman and Lane felt that too 
many " jokes" were used by critics 
in their reviews. They feel some 
Critics viewed movies as an outlet 
for their humor. 

Lane said it was hoped that the 
cri tics would "move away from 
the flip kind of writing" that 
saturates their style. 

It was also noted that the 
critics offer too much destructive 
criticism . Lane suggested that if, 
in the eyes of the critic, 20 
percent of the movie was good, 

possible topic for discussion. This 
idea was quickly accepted ; 
Feldman readily and almost 
proudly admitted that "Billy Jack" 
and the Ojays are comparable. 
Expanding the anology further, he 
said that this might be a reason 
for the critics contempt of " Billy 
Jack;" they were approaching the 
film from a Fellinian level. 

He then suggested that it might 
serve the film industry better If 
newspapers and magazines 
employ two movie critics similar 
to the manner in which they 
employ two music critics; one {or 
classic movies (Fellini) and one 

It was hoped that the critics would "move 
away from the flip kind of writing." 

then 20 percent of the review 
should be good . She 
acknowledged the fact that a 
cri tic would have to point out 
faults in a film but they should 
also recommend methods of 
improving such faults in future 
movies. 

Lane pointed out that many 
critics degenerated into personal 
attacks upon the director or 
actors . Laughlin agreed with that , 
mentioning that much criticism 
of the " Billy Jack" movies was 
aimed at her father. She said, 
"after you pour yourself out, and 
lay your emotions on the line , it is 
hard when the critics take pot 
shots ." 

"Billy Jack" and Ojays 
Prior to the interview, an 

analogy between the Ojays and 
Beethoven with "Billy Jack" and 
Fellini was recommended as a 

for popular movies ("Billy Jack" ). 
Since the artistic level reached 

by Beethoven was so much higher 
than the level reached by the 
Ojays ,i t seems natural to wonder 
about the artistic integrity of the 
"Billy Jack" films . Like most 
artists, those associated with 
"Billy Jack" tended to view the 
films as a vehicle for their 
emotions . Feldman said that the 
"Billy Jack" movies were very 
powerful. They made a de.finite 
input, and in that sense they were 
true art. He Said, "you'd be 
amazed at how many people it hit 
so strongly ." 

He then gave the example of a 
middle-aged executive, who, after 
seeing "The Trial of Billy Jack," 
decided his life was not worth 
much and went back to medical 
school . 

Continued to Page 5 

Firebird Sports & Foreign Cor 
Service 

7638 Foy Ave., La Jollo, California 92037 
454-1920 

Serving 8r1tl.h. Fr.nch. ltell.n .nd J.p.n._ c ... 
lO".,-cent OI.count with UCSO Student Body c.nI 

HELD OVER UNTIL TUES. MAY 20 
SHOWS AT 7:)0.9:06-10:30 

... ~ ... ~ .. 

STARTS WEDS. MAY 21 
PLEASE CALL THEATRE FOR TIMES 

•••••••••••••• , •••• , f ••• • , •• I ., f l • • • • ••••• 

Wednesday, May 14,1975 Triton Tim •• Page seven 

UCSD Woman Takes 
Second in Tennis Finals 

!Moss: "Self-Confidence is the Key"l 
by Paul Wagner After establishing his philosophy, Moss wanted 

Sports Editor to share I t with the people he came in closest 
For the past few years, the city of San Diego has 

been represented by both players and coaches in 
the Alaska Baseball League. Several players have 
even returned to San Diego to play pro ball . 

contact With - his students. The results of his 
program are immediately apparent. In addition to 
the students of his who will handle the umpiring 
and other duties in Alaska this summer another 
group of his students will be In charge of the 
leagues involved In the UCSD summer youth 
baseball program on both administrative and 
umpiring levels. 

by Scott Sadil 
Staff Writer 

UC San Diego's EIIan Cates 
finished second in the singles 
division of the tennis finals of the 
San Diego Women 's In-
tercollegiate Athletic 
Association, held this past 
weekend on campus. 

Cates, seeded third going into 
the tournament, won each of her 
first four matches in straight sets, 
only to lose in the finals 3-6, 7-5, 
)-i> i n an extremely well-played 
contest against No. 1 - seeded 
Melana Peer of Palomar. 

Mesa College, led by their first-
place finishing doubles team, 
were the winners of the team 
championship . Palomar and San 
Diego State tied for second, 
followed by UCSD in the eight-
school event. 

Other Excellent Players 

BeSIdes Cates, UCSD had other 
excellent performers . Janette 
Taylor, by winning her first three 
matches, reached the semi-finals . 
Going against Peer in this match, 
Taylor lost 6-1. 7-5 . 

UCSD's doubles team of Hyde 
and Wooster, playing in the 
consolation division because of 
their first-round loss. reached the 
fi nals. Here they lost to San Diego 
State's number two doubles team . 

Cates, usually content to stand 
at the baseline and rely on her 
strong , steady groundstrokes, had 
little trouble in her first four 
matches Calmness and con-
sistency were her forte . 

An excellent example -of the 
effecti veness of this style of play 
was evident in her semi-finals 
match agains t second-seeded Teri 
Clavell of Mesa College. Clavell 
was a much more aggressive 
offensive-mi,nded player, often 
coming to the net, a tactic rarely 
een in this tournament. With her 

hard flat shots that normally 

UNWANTED 
PRECNANCY? 

[?!]@@@] 1Xl@~[,Q) " ~@~~ 
~~@D~~~~ 
Women's 

Medicol Clinic-

IF YOU LOST 
YOUR SUMMER 

JOB 
Maybe we can find .you 
a new one out of Calif. 

call 459·0661 for 
interview. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 
3'ZI F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for .ervice 

Mon.·Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-&481 

carried to the deep end of the 
court, Cates was able to hold off 
Clavell's attacks. Clavell would 
then often try to force the action 
despite not having any ad-
vantage. This led to many costly 
mistakes on her part and , 
eventually, cost her the match. 

I n the fi nals Cates met an 
opponent with much the same 
style of playas her own . A strong 
solid hitter, Peer also usually 
chose to stand and slug it out 
from the baseline with Cates . This 
led to many long, exciting rallies 
when first one player, then the 
other would gain the advantage. 

I n the decisive final set Cates 
had a little trouble with her 
service and with her normally 
effective twcrfisted backhand . 
These slight lapses allowed Peer 
to break her serve three times in 
this set, a disadvantage from 
~hich Cates was never able to 
recover. 

This year San Diego will make another important 
contribution to the league and Alaska in general, in 
the form of umpires ana recreational ad-
ministrators . The group, led by UC San Diego's Bob 
Moss, will assume recreational advisory positions 
during the days and umpiring duties for the league 
in Anchorage, Fairbanks, and Kenai in the evening. 

With him, Moss will bring a staff of 13 including 
six students from his Psychology of Sports Of-
ficiating program at UCSD. 

Made Things Happen 
Moss came to 'UCSD in 1971, the product of the 

public school system . He was confused, and waited 
for the breaks to come his way. When they didn't, 
he decided to make them happen himself . I t was at 
this time he developed his self-confidence lifestyle. 
He claims that people should have a knowledge of, 
and a faith in their ability to achieve individual 
success . 

There are several key points to Moss'philosophy. 
He feel, self-confidence is the focal point in the 
development of a person , both on and off the field . 
People must learn to be comfortable with them-
selves and once this self-confidence has been 
established, it can be put to use in all factions of 
that person's life, Moss says. 

This was just the first step. From UCSD and the 
surrounding commun ities, Moss expanded his 
program to the point where he has begun his own 
business enterprise, Moss-cess Unlimited. 

The purpose of his business is to provide classes, 
cI inics and workshops in the fields of self-
conf idence and positive personal attitude The 
clinics, however, are not only meant for athletes 
and umpires; they have also been designed for 
elementary and secondary schools as a precursor 
for adulthood . 

Another facet of his abilities was shown recently 
when he was the ccrhead for the National Baseball 
Congress (NBC) Umpiring Clinic which was held in 
Anchorage last April. 

All Aspects 
Along WIth NBC President Paul Deese, NBC 

Umpire Supervisor Mike Sgobba, and NBC Alaska 
Umpire-in-Chief Earl Davis, Most presented his 
views and techniques on umpiring and the self 
confidence philosophy behind them. The clinic 

l.ontinued on P<lIge 5 

You're due for a break, 
and you've got it. 

15 day$ of unlimited travel 
at half the regular. price. 

We're giVing you a big break thiS year by 
cutting the pnce of America 's biggest travel 
bargain- the Greyhound Amenpass-In half I 

Repeat . Half the price of our regular 
$175 one-month Amerlpass . 

Now. for a limited time. only $87 .50 
buys you 15 days of unlimited. unrestricted 
travel. anywhere In America. Canada too 

On your way home th iS spring. go where 
you like. See what you like . Be a real free 
SPirit . And spend a lot less than a plane or 
train costs . 

With the $87 .50 Amerlpass. you don't 
have to travel on certain days . Or pay for 

your ticket In advance . (But you can ship 
all your stuff home In advance. Up to 1 50 
pounds . For free .) 

Like our regular $175 and $250 
two-month Amenpasses, the $87 50 
Amerlpass gives you speCial discounts on 
hotels . meals. slg htseelng . 

So get In touch With us about today's 
biggest travel bargain . The $87 .50 
Amerlpass . 

Because you 're due for a break . 
The $87 .50 Amerlpass fare IS good thru 

May 31 . Amerlpasses purchaseti \r1ay 31 . 
good for follOWing 1 5 days 

Greyhound Lines--West 
120 W. BrOildw.JY 
~n Dieao, Calif., 92101 

[714/239-9171 
. 

I I .' 

nd 



Page eight 

GAY PHONE line An outr.ch to the 
UCSD OIly CO/ft,nuNty. Int_tlon or 
juat wont to till?..., Itlll 

WRITING CLINIC - Help ... any wrltl". 
dIfftcu ....... Come to 12114 H-L or call 
412-2112 for an .... oIntmant. 11111 

SEX CLINIC: Counooll". on Sexual 
Probl.m.. W.d. 3-1 pm; R.v.lI. 
Cou ........ 0ffIc0 lnext to the Rev. 
Provoat OffIcel. Judith Jorvanoon. 
M.D.-Hueh P.tIO. Ph.D 131141 

A now An/literature Journel to be 
publlahod Juno 1. All crltlclam and 
fiction w.lcom. Ino po.try.1 
M.nuacrlptl .'-Id be .... then 2.000 
worda and ,.aubmi1tod by May 11. .... 
1M or 715-1.11/111 

KIN IKldneys In Needl Book Fair ... 
M.y 17 In front of So. Cal. 1at Natl. 
.ank .,., Glrerd. La Jolle. All t.xt-
book. 10.. Hundreda of n_ and uHd 
paperback •• nd herd cov.,.. 1C1t and 
up. Orpn Donor Card. will b. 
• vallabl •. L. Jolla Ch.p .• Kldn.y 
Foundetion of So. C.I. 111111 

CONTEMPORARY GRAPHICS : 
SELECTIONS FROM THE 'LA JOLLA 
MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART. 
-Mandevll" An G.IIery. May 7 - Juno I. 
Sunday-Friday 12-1. For Into C -.... 

Anyone wl.hlnll to .pply for the .tatu. 
of recognlled official print medium 
.hould notlfy tho Communication. 
board. in wrltl".. at itl .tud.nt c.nt.r 
offic. b.fore tho bOlrd·. M.y 111 
m .. ting. Copl .. of the Dutl .. of the 
r.cognlzed official m.dlum .r. al.o 
av.lI.bl. at the .tud.nt c.nt.r. 11I/141 

Triton Times 

Wh~t/s Happening 
THIRD STUDENTS: Naxu. offlc. Open 
Hav. prob"m. or lu.t need to .It 
down7 Rm II 412 MC ColI.lI. 
Faciliteton ""1"1111 

REVELLE STUDENTS: Revel.. Com-
mlttoo on Col..... Aff.lre IRCCAI 
oIoctl_ May 21/72. PotItIon of 1011 
word .tate .... nt and 2 pletyroo mu.t be 
aubmlned by May 14th PatItI_ 
R.v.lI. Provo.t Offlc.. R.v.lI. 
RMident DMn·. OffIc. and Commuter 
and Studant Advocay C.nter. Al80 
apply for next y .. r·. Roval.. rep. on 
BRG. 1I/211 

N_ C .... - HI.tory ~. Prof. E.rl 
Pomeroy. Am.rican Society In tho 20th 
C.nt. Contact Hilt. offlc. for Info. 
111/111 

" Lecture Not." - A now .tudent 
org.nll.tion .pproved by the unlveralty 
are now being .old In front of USB 2722. 
Qu.llfled gred. uppar dlvl.lon .tud.nta 
& TA· •• r. taking the not • . " .00 for 
the full quanara not. In t'lHWrIttM 
.."tence form. 

P.y 2t-And.r.on 
Chem 3b·o.t.rrolch.r 

1"/141 

Tim .. Sold 
T.Th.12:30 

M.W.F2:46 

In Chem. 3b or P.ych 11 & w.nt 
" Lecture Not.7" Work 11-2 one. a 
w .. k hondlng out not .. In the Com-
mut.r C.ni.r until the .nd of quart.r & 
get FREE lectur. not... Mak. n_ 
frl.nd. - and g.t Involved in • now 
orpnlotlon. or .It b.ck & .tudy wh.n 
you·r. not hondlng out not ... 
AI.o - if you w.nt to work on " Lectur. 
Not .... in the .umm.r & fall - contact 
K.thla Bryant .• xt 4410 Iget • IIf.tlm. 
m.mb.rahlp frHllp6/111 

Appllcetlonl are now beinll accepted 
for p"ltloM on the Muir College 
Curriculum Review and Development 
Boerd . Com. to Muir DMn·. Office. 
Deadline frldey May 1111/111 

"re ..... nder. Kaluo 0tI. Hum. Lib. 
An G.11ery - May 12-21. 12-1. Wed. 7-10. 
IIIDI 

ATTENTION PREDENTS: UCSf D.ntal 
School recrultlnll friday. 1:00 pm 
R.v.lI. Formal Lounll.. For Info 
PremedIPr .. nt OffIca x37IO 11/111 

UCSD Blood Drlv. will b. May 21. 22 
and D. Blood may be d_ted .t theN 
I_tl_: M.y 21; ScriP ... SorvIc. Yard. 
.t tho hold of tho pI.r. "2; Mev 22: 
M.ln Lou". ••• leke Hall. 11 ... ; May 21: 
Conf.r.nc. Room A. Matth.w. 
CampUi. t-2. For Info N.ncy Wllllem •• 
x2II2I. 111211 

"",--m_eetings r 
Carnr Brown Bag Lunch. Outlook. In 
Adv.nl.lng. and Public R.I.tiOM with 
Fred Snyd.r. U.S.N. Public R.I.tlon. & 
Adv.nl.lnll Spacl.II.t. Thuraday. 12:C1O. 
Stud.nt C.nt. pm. cont. room. 111141 

Th. Communication. BOird will m .. t 
Thurad.y at noon in the I.rg. con-
f.r.nc. room of tho Stud.nt C.nt.r. 
111/141 

Third ColI.g. Junior MHting. Gradu.t. 
Opponunitl... Prepare youra.1f now. 
don't walt. M.y 14. 7:00 pm-I:OO p.m. 
Stud.nt C.nter Conf.r.nc. Room. 
Bring. frl.nd. 16/141 

Betch mHtlnll Q31J Matth_ CamPl'I 
tonlt.7 pm 111121 

CHEMISTRY MAJORS .nd potentlel 
melore. Advlal". meeting. with faculty. 
Thuract.y. 2112 Urev Hall. Sophomoree 
at 7:1' pm. Junlon at 1:10 pm. Studentl 
Int--.cl In chemiltry major. In-
cludl". blochemlltry ar. urlled to 
anend. 11/141 

Soc .. 1l1t Forum Stearlng Commln .. 
",eetl". Wed 1:00 Student ActIvItI .. 
Cantre Conf_nc. Room. 111141 

Meetlnll for ltudantl Intorated In the 
ponlbllfty of froo P.lvlc .x...... PAP 
tNtl and Bra.! Ex.m. tonlllht. 7:30 
Roval .. Diacovory Lou,,". For Info cali 
Wom.n·. Cantor x2GZ1. Zoev 412-1727. 
or Ann4l3-a7.1111141 

Todey Founh Collogo Biology M.lor 
meeting with Dr. Allan Sotvoraton. 
Rev.lI. Form.1 Loung •• 7":30. 11/141 

Minority Pr.M.d.. Mod School In-
t.rvl_ info Thura. M.y 111 11-1:30 pm 
BSB 2100 111/141 

Election BOird will hold final mooting 
Wed at 4:30 In Mark Bookm.n·. offlc • 
in tho Stud.nt C.nt.r. If you dldn't Ilk. 
the way thing. w.r. run. or hove 
comm.ntl & .ugg .. tlon. - Com • . 
111/141 

4th ColI.ga Social Com min .. - tonight. 
7:C1O. B •• gl. Loung.. to dlacu.. nwl 
Plen • . Ev.ryon. w.lcomodllll/141 

Scl.nc. Fiction Socl.ty m .. ta Thura-
day 11:00 In Lou".. Conf.renc. Room. 
Topic: Int.rat.lI.r Trev.111I/141 

Polltic.1 Scl.nc. Stud.nt Union -
Thurad.y at 3 pm In the Rev.lI. Form.1 
Loung • . 
EAB FRATERNITY MEETING TONITE. 
7:30 pm. 4th Floor BI.k. Loung • . 

~------- Advertisements for Ourselves 

for sale 
Cam.ra - Canon Ftb Body & 100 mm FL 
Lan •• '50. m.fl&17. Aft.r 6 pm, earl 
151141 

'70 VW Bug. now brak ... clutch • • nd 
compl.t.ly ov.,hauled .nglno with 
n_ VW partl. v.,., cl .. n • • ,Il00. 462-
1S. 11I/141 

71 Camaro 360. ".pd. air. PS. PB. n_ 
paint. redial T.A .••• t.r.o. dual .xhou.t. 
etc. Taking off.,. 462-91172. St.v • . 11I1111 

S.a", Calculator Exc.lI.nt condition 
462-1133 .'00. 15/191 

Sp.ak ... -two way M.r.ntz 4G·. ex-
c.lI.nt condition .. pair. T.rry-4&2-
180315/111 

Wet ,ult. full I.ngth body glov •. u.ed 
only a f_ tim ... $74 v.lue for MO. 150 
lb • . 5'10" 7113-4274. Ed 111/141 

Refrig. $80.. Wardrobe .20. 418-83 
(5/141 

B018 901 direct/ r.fI.ctlng .p •• k.r 
sy.tem with equillzer $3211. 27S-1830 
151111 

'73 Datlun Pickup - top condition - 21 . 
mpg cemp.r .h.lI. carpet.d b.d . • t .. 1 
belted ,adi.l. Barbara at 412-4027 or 
744-6319 ave . .. week.nd. $2aiO.OO '5/111 

Rectillne.r 3-way spaeka... $75 pair. 
Cebineta Icratched. nothing el •• w,ong 
with them. James 462-832915/191 

YAMAHA RD-• • Boge • . Rack & Box. 
Extras. Superb l 755-3536 Evening • . 
$7001116/23' 

Half-price cherter fo, participating 
sallo... Nic. ( 2-ft. .kippered ketch. 
Pug.t Sound .nd B.C. archipel.go 
. umm.,. Write R. Lockard. NI -2II. Univ. 
of Wa.h .. Seanoe .,911. 1P6/ 111 

Beat the B< ok Store by $1 .00. 
Prof ... lonal a"d lo t.p. 1200 ft 
polye.t.r as neN 2 .75 p.r r .. l. 1iIO-1m 
15/ 141 

88 Ford Felrt,me. blu.. $600 good 
condition. 462-0447. 3103 Mlremar D. 
IMe •• '462~715f161 

ROLLING STONES TICKETS: LA Forum 
in July. Good •• et • . C.II . -1419. B •• t 
to , •• ch aft.r9 pm 111/211 

MARANTZ 15 AMPLIFIER ·.U5. 23 
Tun., -.'50. Crown IC150 Pr.Amp-
.150. JBL L-1OO· • . 6 month. old $4&0 -
461-3120 P.ul lp5/141 

1172 Ford 1-ton cu.tom Van. lo.d.d 
with .xtre • . $3500 ca.h or $2200 down 
and tak. ov.r p.ym.ntl. St.w "'·l16li9 
111/ 14' 

Th. elit.1t p.ny. You can p.y off 
D.lgado. Young. M.taunag. for .'0.000 
e.ch. or .211,000 for all 3. 111/141 

GOVERNMENT SCREW UPI N.w 
Millt.ry I.ck.t.. v.lu.. to .100 
di.count.d to $211. Dan or T.r ... 463-
1236. 2IiI Argo Hall 1111211 

1170 Ford Gal. xl. 4-Dr good condition. 
radio • • ir conditioning. Pow.r St_lng. 
17 mpg$B Frank 0' Ann x4321111/211 

per 
San Clem.nt. I.n·t .uch • b.d plac. at 
all . • t .11 .... 151141 

For your mu.ical lI.t.nlng pl ... ur • . 
Kar.n L.var. Doug Ric. & Frod Ran-
dolph R.v.lI. Sid. Door. Wednoaday 
night. I :. pm 111/141 

Get your t .. th Into .omething juicy I 
Th. Food CooP. Blak. H.II In.xt to tho 
Ic. r.am HUltl.rl 10-4 dally 1\,./11 

D.dicatad to Thuradey Night 5th Floor 
Tioga 

Pl .... tell m. wh.t you know about 
storm drain • • kind p.r.on7 Rain i. the 
... entl.1 fluid which rune down th.m. 
But what If it drip. on the point of an 
arrow7 But all thing. mu.t h.ve a point 
. right7 A point i. a plac. In .pac • . Th. 
arrow conn.ct. th ••• and cannot b. 
confu •• d with either. Th. arrow. al.o 
having its place In spac.. can only 
app.ar to be confu.ad. But you mu.t 
never confu •• an arrow with its pan-
nero the bow. The bow il the oblact in 
which the power I. conceived. Bu,l.hit; 
without the chicken. thare i. no egg. 
Thera may seem to be panner. but 
actually we ara all one of a v .. t whole. 
Howaver. in thi. va.t whole - how can 
we reproduca without partnera7 
Pertn.r. ar. the prlnclpl. in which the 
mighty few ar. wrought UCSD II the 
hammer and d •• p.ration i. tho forge in 
which the charact.r grow. in-
finit •• ibl.ly. but .ur.ly into the powar 
of the Soul. K,I.. C.rolyn. Linda. & 
La rl": !"114' 

D •• re.t Albert. Sorry for tho d.l.y. If 
you evar went to h.v. a T-p.ny. call 
412-9323. S . (5 / 141 

Pet.r. Rm 308. Your RA·. got it . from 
your B.d Buddy '5/ 141 

St.v. Smith - Congr.tuletion. on your 
• ng.g.m.nt. Wh.n do w. g.t to m •• t 
your fi.nc •• 7 Are w. Invit.d to the 
w.ddingll5/ 141 

YOUNG DELGADO MATSUNAGA Fo, 
Muir ColI.g. Council. 111141 

Deiliado Mat.unege Young For Muir 
Colleg. Council 15/141 

MATSUNAGA YOUNG DELGADO For 
Muir ColI.lI. Council 111/14, 

·1 housing 
Roommat. needed: F.mal. room mat. 
nHd.d for furni.hod apt In P.B. own 
room & bath . • ,00 plu. utillti ... CION 
to bu.lin ••• • hopplng . qul.t- non-
.mok.ra. 270-7311 ... k for W.nde 111/14' 

I ne.d to find. plec. to live from June 
1-Jun. 13th. F.m.I •. pref.rably clOil to 
• chool-will only heve f_ b.longlng • . 
Will h.lp pay R.nt. Electricity. 21 
Contact Laur.1 N.I_.nd.r. 463-8134. 
La Jolla Villag. Aptl. 111/111 

F grad ... b rmmt. fo, cozy 2 br NW 
CLAIRE MONT DUPLEX . F.nc.d 
backy.rd. ... av.lI. 11111-7/1 . Ruth 
x2II7O/270-4712111111 

Roommat.: Mal •. f.mal • . Own room. 
Solana B •• ch .• "2.50 - no .umm.r r.nt 
hik • . Mov. In Juno 1. Lloyd-1II-111l 
aft.r 11:30. 15/1., 

Singl. room In hou •• or apt want.d for 
.umm.r through n •• t y •• r. Qul.t. non· 
.mok.r. John 4&2-1701111/14' 

Room.te n .. d.d Jun. 1I1-S.pt. 111. Own 
room In two b.droom furnl.h.d hou •• 
in P.B. 1 1/2 block. from b.ach. 1 block 
from Tug • . Bill.xt. 2II1II.-6412111/111 

LEASE: 2 br. condo. wlw carp.t. pvt. 
gard.n patio. g.rag. I.undry. pool. 
Av.llabl. June 1. L.... $240 mo. 
Gen.... Highland.. 412-4460 or 463-
1218. SANDY IpS/19' 

3 Roommat.s Needed Playmo, Condo. 
unfurn. $80 single. $70 doubl. 2% mi. 
east UCSD Naa, bu • • pool. voll.yball . 
412-903415/111 

Share larg. two-b.droom hou.e in 
Mission Hill.. F.nc.d yard. Sunny. 
$112.50 plu. utiliti... Available im-
medletely or Jun. 1. 211·814815/211 

FOR RENT 
Two nic. duplax.. In P.ciflc B.ach. 
clo •• to FWY 5 and Le Jolla: 11) 3 
b.drooms 2 baths carp.t dr.p.ri .. 
Itove and r.frig.rator $3001 month. 121 2 
b.droom. 1 b.th - •• cond floor carpet 
drap.ri.. stove and r.frig.,.tor 
$2001 month. Sh.r. of gareg. for both 
dupl.x ••. Pie ... ~all_ .. 754. lpS/DI 

nted iJ 
Ride to Santa Cruz ar.a on Thu ... Mey 
15. Will shera exp.n ••• & driVing. 715-
6970 111/ 14' 

Ne.d rid. to LA every S.turday. Share 
•• p.n •••. 414-1711 . 11111/111 

Som.one to .here d,lvlng to 
W .. hlngton-B.ltlmor. .rea. L .. vlng 
the Drd of M.y ... ·_1116/14' 

Student ••• k. inv.ntive ••• If-confldent 
bu.ln ... p.rtn.r to .hore work. ri.k. 
exp.n ••• & proc •• d •• n rout. to .c-
cumulation of A LOT OF broad during 
.umm.r. GOII: to profit and hov. fun 
doing it. I h.v •• xp.rl.nc. and Id ... : 
Let'. talk . Pi ...... nd nam •• number 
to: John. Box 3lI4. San 010110. 12103 
111/ 141 

Spa.d R .. d.ra (100 wpm or mo,., 
want.d for P.ych .xp.rlm.ntl on 
reading .• ' .• /hr. Call x2M2 ldayl 431· 
4321lev.' . L .. v. nama .nd phon. no . 
M.rk 111/211 

Soft. furry kln.n w.nted. Willing to 
pay. Call Avar.lI. 4&2--.0. 15/141 

NHd rid. to Bo.ton-N_ York aft.r 
Juno 111. Will .har. all .xp.n .... Andy 

~1111/141 

Moving to S .. nl • . Split rent on \I -Haul 
.round June 14. C.II n4-133-1173 Tu. or 
Thur. 10:30-11:30 am. 1"/141 

Tun. up •. light r.pal,. brak ••.• tc. Good 
work. low price. Mike 4&2-1112 111/1., 

TYPING-MARILYN would lik. to type 
YOU, p.p.r. th •• i.. .tc. She i. e.-
p.ri.nc.d on .11 typ •• of pap .... f .. t. 
.. e.onabl •• nd ha. a correcting IBM. 
Pl .... c.1I h.r at 516-7OIO. 1p5/141 

TREES. pruned. planted. or r.mov.d. 
E.p.rt trimming of shrub. and h.dg ... 
DESIGNING end con.tructing of small 
iandscape projects involving ston • . 
brick. wood. and planta. AI m -3620 
15119' 

Summ.r work bllck Ea.t. Earn .2438. 
C.1I4Ii8-08I1 . 11I11 

L.t our flng.r. do your Typingl 
Oill.natlon.--Th •••• --Doctor.t ••. 
Cempu. Pickup/D.llvery IBM S.I.c· 
trlc. varl.d tyPO f.c •• Dorl ... Doubl.·D 
Alloclat.224·6131 1"/111 

I will drlv. your car ea.t IPhlla. NYC. 
Bo.ton . • tc.1 b.fore Jun. 20. T.d 412· 
""115/'41 

FULLER BRUSH Bo.r Brlltl. H.lr· 
bru.h ... For Full.r Bru.h S.rvic ....... 
... or 411-73711 11121 

'FREE RIDE TO CHICAGO: I .. v. Jun. 
1 • . drive continuou.ly; mu.t help lo.d 
.nd drlv. moving v.n; m .. l. includ.d. 
4113-32421 .. /141 

Th, •• p.opl. to •• rv. you e. your Muir 
ColI.g. Council. To •• cure your vot • . 
vote W.d & thura. tho 14th end 11th of 
M.y. Your vote will count fo, a whol. 
y.ar So vote for Mat.unalll. Young. 
end D.'gado 15/14' 

Wednesday. May 14. 1975 

activities 
UCSD Aikido Club prenntl an ell·dey 
Aikido _Inar on. May 17th. CIe_ 
ara avallabl. in .alf·daf.n ••. 
meditation. .nd mind· body hermony. 
for Info. R.nee It 412...,.. 111/111 

Spacial lacture/.llda prOlOntation 1113 
Am.rlcan Ev.roet Eapedltlon by Willi 
Uneoold. Wed 7:30 HftSS 280 11/141 

TEST ANXIETY GROUP - Thura. 3:31~ 
11:00. Rev.lI. Counulora Office. .,.,. 
Led by Mr. Larry HedlIOI ft HUllh PatH. 
11/141 

Monta C.rlo Night I. coming. Friday 
night at I pm In tho M.ln Gym Fun & 
Prll.11I1., 

RAlA POTLUCK 
F.culty. Staff & Stud.ntl. International 
C.nt.r. M.y 11. I pm 111141 

MEMORIAL WEEKEND . COLORADO 
RIVER RUN - WHO: Opan to .ny 
phy.lc.lly abl •• dult. Co.t: .1IInclud •• 
inltructlon. two people par c.nOl. 
.tov. and lant.rn.. paddl.. . IIf. 
lack.t • . ENTERTAINMENTII FOR 
MORE INFORMATION. CALL: Stephen 
411-1.1116/111 

Prof. Arturo M.drld. Unlv. of Min· 
noIotO. Wed 2 pm -Studant C.nt.r 
Loun.. " Alambrl.ta.. Brac.ro •. 
Molad". Non.no.: AII.n. In Altlan" 
111/14, 
Judy Zykind will b. in the Wom.n·. 
Cant.r for • brown bag lunch. Thura 
12:00. She I. doing hor POit-doc In 
Biology. 111/141 
CHESS NUTS - Op.n play thl. Thuraday 
in the Studant Ctr. 7:30 Bring your own 
Army lit you have on.,11I1141 

RESEARCH AIDS - North Amerlc.·. 
iargm •• rvlc.. For c.talogu ... nd .2 
to: E ... y Service.. P.O. Box 1211. 
NI.gra F.II •• N.Y. 14302. AI ... c.mpu. 
r.pr ... ntetlv. r.qulr.d. Pi .... writ • . 
411-...... 1111/11 

GUITAR LESSONS B.gln-
n.r/ int.rm.dl.t.. r.a.on.bl. . ..-
p.rl.nc.d prof ... ionel. folk flng.,· 
picking .nd many other dlff.r.nt .tyl .. 
t.ught. 224-11112/w •• kd.y. . 271-
I333/wHk-.nd •. 11I6/111 

travel 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL ORIENT. Low prlc. - long and 
.hort fllllht. . Llmlt.d .pac • . 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL ,. 
W.twood Blvd. LA 10024 12131 m-1121 
or 4"-111211111 

SSW Trav.1 Offlc. - ON CAMPUS-
EUROPE. NY. ft ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'l Student 10. Eurell. H"t.1 Card •. 
Tripping Mall.zlno. .tc. UCSD In-
t.rnatlonal c.nt.r 412.-:10 11 am'" pm 
M.W.F. ONLY CIMed Tu .. ·Thura. I"/1i 

EUROPE-ISRAEL-AFRICA·ORIENT Low 
co.t flightl. toura. the whol. .tud.nt 
bit. At our offic. ov., 200 FREE non-

·comm.rcl.1 pamphl.ta. brochuroe ... blll 
bucb lavinll' ESTC 1110 W. Sixth. Suit. 
311 l.A. 10014 12131123-2121 IplllI 

EUROPE · ISREAL-AFRICA Stud.nt 
fllghtl y •• r round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11117 San Vlc.nt. Blvd. No.4 
L.A. Calif. I004I 
T.I: 1213112t-_. ~ Ipllli 

Chen.r & R.gular .Irlln. tlck.t • . Phon. 
4118-44111 Unlveralty Travel 2241 Av • . D. 
La Pi.y •. III Jolla. C •. 1"/301$ 

Mag.zin. wrlt.r. curr.ntly touring 
nation In la,g. van. • .. k. f.mal. 
trav.ling companion with 1Tt0r. than 
.v.rag. int., •• ta in jou,nall.m. 
photography •• ci.nc • . politic • . Writ. 
Stuck.y car. of H.nahan. 3421 
Yo •• mlt. St .• San Diogo. Cal 12101 
("/141 

EUROPE-ISREAL-ORIENT LOW COST 
STUDENT fLIGHTS. CONTACT: AIST 
17141 .... t333. 1742 HEATHER AVE . 
TUSTIN. CALIF. '-1"/141 


