
Borrena Speaks Here on 'Three Marias' 
by RiclYrd N.de.u 

Portugese author Maria Borrena, of the now famous Three 
Marias, talked Wednesday to UC San Diego community members. 
She discussed the problems the three feminists encountered in 
getting their book The Three ~riu: The Portupse Letters (now 
published in English by Doubleday) published in a country ruled by 
a rightwing dictatorship. 

Borrena said that when the book was first sent to publishers there 
was a great deal of initial interest, but that most of them became 
"afraid" when they took a more serious look at its contents. 

Press coverage of the trial .and the events that led up to it was 
strictly forbidden by the government, - thus, very few people in 
Portugal knew of it. 

The trial, however, did not go unnoticed at the international 
level, Borrena said . The feminist movement brought the trial into 
the open through the use of the radical press, large demonstrations, 
and other action strategies. One such strategy was the 24-hour 
kidnapping of the Portugese ambassador to Holland by a group of 
Dutch feminists . Borrena stressed the importance of these actions 
and maintained that she "began to feel a new sense of solidarity 
with women everywhere." She also contended that the international 
publicity given to these types of action imposed certain constraints 
upon the Portugese government, which was becoming embarrassed 
by the whole situation . 

The book argues that " prlvate 
problems are political problems 
and that shared experiences are 
political acts," and contends 
that the sexual images that men 
and women have of themselves Opposition Helpless 
are political in their con- The speaker went on to attack the often-heard notion that the 
sequences, along with everyday majority of the Portugese people supported the "fascist" regime 
relationships between people. She said that significant numbers of people opposed it but " felt 

Seditious helpless to do anything about it." 
When the book finally went In describing what it is like to live under such a regime, Borrena 

on sale in lisbon in 1972, the reviewed the case of a Brazilian woman who was arrested and 
rightwing Portugese government tortured by the police. She was accused of having contacts with 
reacted by confiscating all anti-government groups. The woman was so depressed by the ex-
unsold books and making it a perience that she tried to take her own life, after which she was 
crime to sell the book hospitalized in a police hospital. When she recovered and was 
publically, arguing that the released, she was again brutally beaten, raped, and tortured through 
book was " pornography" and the application of electric shocks to her genitals . She was then 

M 
. & "an affront to the Portugese brought to court and given a sentence of life imprisonment . 

ana rrena people." Borrena LOncluded her account by noting that there is a strong 
Since the writing of the book was loosely defined as a seditious movement among feminists to pressure the new government into re-

I..-a_c_t;..' t_h_e_a_u_t_h_o_rs_w_e_r_e_b_r_o_u.;;;gh_t _to_t_r_ia_l_b...;y_t_h_e_P_o_rt_u_g;;.e.,.se--=g;..o_v_e_rn_m_e_nt_. __ o_p_e_n_in_g_th_e_tr_ia_I_. __ ..:C..:o.:.,:n..:.;ti.:.,:n..::u.,::ed::...,;:;0.:.,:n..,;,P..:.;:!I:,::e....;.3 _________ , 

UC San Diego 

Pomeroy 
To Be 
VISiting Prof 

History department Chairman 
Ramon Rui"z has announced that 
the noted American histOrian . 
Earl Pomeroy, will b a VIsiting 
professor next year at UC San 
Diego 

At U of Oregon 
Pomeroy IS currently the Beek-

man Professor of History at the 
University of Oregon He will 
teach at UCSD for one year, 
beginning in the fall of 1975 

Ruiz described Pom roy as the 
leading expert in the history o f 
the western United States and the 
Pacific slope. His most recent 
book is " The Pacific Slope A 
History of California, Oregon. 
Washington , Idaho, Utah, and 
Nevada." 

Pomeroy, 59, is the pa t 
president of the PacifiC Coast 
Branch of the American 
Historical Society. He is a native 
of California, having received his 
undergraduate education and his 
PhD from UC Berkeley. 

FritJay, Febnlary 7, 1975 

Ad Hoc Committee Looks 
At Academic Dishonesty 

by James G. Soto 
Though still not an issue of a 

vocal concer n , academic 
dishonesty has become a problem 
that students and faculty are less 
willing to tolerate. 

tudent crammed Into 
examination halls. 

Engineering BA, PhD Under 
Consideration for UCSD 

The concern of some faculty 

Jim Becldey 

members and the various college 
deans led Chancellor McElroy last 
year to appoint a. campus-wide ad 
hoc committee on academic 
dishonesty . The committee, 
headed by Muir Dean of Students 
Jim Beckley, is now composed of 
five students , two fac'ulty 
members, and three of the 
college deans. The committee has 
no power to change any rules or 
regu lations nor does it have any 
power to enforce such rules and 
regulations . The committee can, 
however, make recommendations 
to the faculty or to campuswide 
bodies. 

L.rae Numbers 
Beckley said he is impressed 

with the committee's .desire to 
prevent cheating and plagarism 
before it starts. Virtu.lly all of the 
Committee's work this year has 
been in studying ways to prevent 
cheating. One of the major 
reasons cited for wide spread 
cheating is the large number of 

One of ~he solution to the A new proposal now under 
0:vercrowdlng that ~as ?een con ideration by the Committee 
discussed by the commlt~ee IS the . on Educational Policy (CEP) of 
adoption of a plan now 10 use at the Academic Senate could bring 
Harvard . The Har:vard plan, a more traditional engineering 
developed over a period of y~ars, program to UC San Diego . 
calls for several tests to be given 
simultaneously in the same room . 
The test would be under the 
supervIsion of professional 
proctors, who would distribute 
people in such a manner that a 
student would not be sitting next 
to another student of the same 
class . 

Most of the student members 
of the committee have become 
concerned about the growth of 
c heating because they feel 
cheating is unfair to those who 
don't cheat. The students feel 
that the cheaters aren't the only 
ones to blame; noting that the 

Continued on Page 3 

Three Groups 

Fourth College provost Lea 
Rudee, in conj unction with the 
AMES Department, has submitted 
a proposal that. cou ld give the 
UCSD student a Bachelor or Arts 
degree in three areas of 
Engineering : Electrical: Com -
puter, or Engineering Physics. 

Post-Grad Planning 
Rudee cited three reasons for 

the development of this ad-
ditional major program . Since the 
philosophy at Fourth entails 
assisting its students in planning 
for their post-graduate careers , it 
is bel ieved that the Engineering 

Media Effects Study Set 
by Patti Wolf 

Visual media and their effect on the observance of different cultures 
will be the main focus of a forthcoming tripto Africa as part of the 
Summer Institute of Ethnographic and Docul)1entary Use of Media . 
Under the direction of the Communications Department, the institute 
is one of UC San Diego's summer school offerings. 

The program is divided into three projects, each encompassing a 
different culture. Although distinct in themselves, the projects will be 
involved with the same course matter and will concentrate on studying 
the cultures through the visual media . 

Three Groups 
Under the guidance of Beryl Bellman, profe sor of Communications, 

one group will examine the traditional community a exemplified by 
Liberia. Shanty towns in Zambia will be observed by Profe sor of 
Sociology Bennetta Jules-Rosette. Claudio Fenner-Lopez, professor of 
Communications will direct the only group to remain in the United 
States which will observe the rituals and traditions of the Southwestern 
Native Americans including the Hopi and the Navajo . 

"The use of visual media for the study of different social processes is 
the primary purpose of the course," said Bellman. "We will be able to 
film and then analyze various rituals, court cases, funerals, and etret 
o;ocieties. " 

The villager as well as the students will be encouraed to utilize the 
film equipment. 

major would encompass both 
tenets, Rudee said . Second, he 
indicated , " Engineering 
enrollment is currently down 
around the nation - it has now 
reached the point that next year's 
graduating seniors will not even 
replace those retiring from the 

Lea Rudee 

work force . Competition for these 
few graduates is becoming in-
tense ; starting salaries are 
kyrocketing .... there is a very 

good chance that an upsurge ir 

program, if accepted by the 
Academi c Senate, will be a -
credited by the Engineers Councd 
for Prvfessional Development 
(EPCD), the national organ ization 
that accredits engineerin g 
programs. 

The main value of haVing 
graduated from an accredited 
chool , Rudee said, comes If the 
tudent wants to becom e a 

licensed professional engineer 

In Cal ifornia, for exampl.e. a I 
year apprentice hip I neces ary 
to meet the general requirement 
for licensing If the applicant ha 
received a degree from a four-
year accredited program then 
these four years count a part of 
the six. If unaccredited, the 
maximum allowed is two years 

It must be stressed that the e 
regulations only pertain to 
engineers who desire to get 
licen ed, though licensing I 
generally important for those who 
deal directly with the public or 
governmental agencies 

enrollment is not very far in th~ ,------------, 
future ." His last reason is a 
personal one- Rudee has received 
his BS and Ph 0 in mechanical 
engineering. Prior to becoming 
provost, he taught at Rice 
University in the engineering 
department. 

Rudee further emphaszied that 
the program is sti I under 
deliberation by the CEP and that 
it would in no way eliminate the 
existing ones in the AMES 
Department. 

Accredity Desirable 
It is the hope of Rudee that the 

Coop on KSDO 
Tom Tanana , campus 

chairperson of the Young 
Americ.,s for Freedom, will 
spe.k on KSOO's San Diego 
R.dio Forum on Sund.y at 7 pm. 
He will address himself to what 
he fHls .re irudequuies in the 
Student CQOtMfMiwe. T ........ 
"ys he would like to see a loose 
or •• nintion th.. would 
distribute student utivit,. fuRdl 
insteM of the Coop. He woutd 
allo 'ilee to lee the fHl chan," 
from their current m~ory 
!!..!e.10 .n optiOMI_one __ • __ ~ 



Letter from the Editor 
I It Ain't Conna Help If You Keep Clapped Up 

It has of late become popular sport for 
persons not otherwise gainfully occupied 
to attack the Triton TiIMS. While we 
would be the first to admit that we are 
less than perfect, and are at any time 
more then willing to listen to any in-
telligent suggestions for improvement, I 
'cannot help but feel that many of the 
current complaints are based largely on 
ignorance, albeit well intended 
ignorance. In the interests of providing 
the best possible newspaper, one that 
serves the entire university comm~nity , 
let us explore the situation and consider 
some of the issues involved . 

It is an unusual day when we do not 
receive at least one phone call that goes 
something like this : 

"Hello . I'm Mrs. Blatt from the Office 
of Anachronistic Practices. A week ago 
we sent you an article that was of interest 
to the entire campus community, and I 
was wondering why it was not printed . 

''What was the article concerning?" 
"The article delt with one of the major 

problems on campus, that of persons 
walking on the grass rather than 
following the walkways. I feel that this is 
of great interest to the entire cam pus, 
and it is an issue of great significance." 

When it is explained to Mrs. Blatt t hat 
there were many other issues that we fe lt 
to be of greater concern to the campus, 
she is liable to get very offended, perhaps 
even offensive. We are likely to 'be 
charged with everything from lying to 
being to being grossly out of touch~with 
the campus. 

Tht problem here is simply that the 
Triton Times is operating under rather 
strict space limitations, due primarily to 
events beyond our control, such as the 
current econom ic situation . Every 
department, every student group, every 
section of the bureaucracy, feels that 
their activity is of vital concern to the 
student population . What they fail to 
understand is that, given the large 
number of interests, all competing for 
the same space, not everything can be 
publicized to everyone's satisfaction . It is 
our job to make determinations as to 
relat ive importance of news items. The 
Triton Times is not a bulletin board, but a 
newspaper. We are placed in the difficult 
position of determining the "student 

by MALCOLM A. SMITH 

interest"-at best a nearly impossible 
task, and one that inevitably will not be 
fulfilled in a manner satisfactory to call . 
Such is the nature of compromise-the -
best decision may be one that 
displeases everyone equally. 

Turning to an issue of somewhat 
greater importance, there has been some 
discussion of the Triton Times', editorial 
policy. One student , noting that there 
have been few editorials in the Triton 
Times this year, stated that the Triton 
Times is " like a eunuch, not having the 
balls to stand up for anything." He also 
requested that his letter not be 
published, raising the question of his 
willingness to stand up for anything . This 
person, it should be noted, used 
university stationary to write a personal 
attack, an action that is at best ethica lly 
dubious. He followed up this letter with 
one to the Communications Board, in 
which he gleefully, and erroneously, 
claimed that he had "verbally cast rated" 
the Triton Times. It was the Athenian 
Salamanderus, writing in the year 347 BC, 
who commented : "The would-be 
castrator is one who wishes to shape the 
world into a form simi lar to himself ." 

We readily admit that one of the 
functions of a campus newspaper is to 
stimulate discussion on important issues. 
This, if one reads the editor ial page, 
seems to be what we are doing-we are 
unable to print all that we receive (we 
recently turned down an 8 page essay on 
the Revelle requirement s due to lack of 
space). Were we, as the above men-
tioned person suggested, (to run regular 
editorials this would cut further into the 
space needed for the expression of 
student views) . What makes the editors 
of the Triton Times so wonderously 
sagacious that significant discussion is 
not possible without our comments? We 
make comments if and when we deem it 
necessary to do so-little purpose would 
be served by having a weekly editorial on 
President Ford's latest econom ic 
bassilation or the price of oil. Surely the 
students on this campus are intelligent 
enough to decide upon these issues 
without the oracular utterences of the 
Triton Times Editorial Boardl 

Conversely, some persons on campus 
feel that the Triton Times is too self-
centered, and fails to cover all that it 
should. Again, the concept of what 
makes a quality newspaper varies with 
each individual. Am0ng the individuals 

who have definite views on what C01-
stitutes a newspaper are Mike Elean 0; 
the Communications Board and some 
officials in the Office of Student Affairs. 
The Comm Board, beina our publisher, is, 
unfortunately, in a position to make its 
views felt, and the current fallacy that is 
held by these persons is that the Triton 
Times is a nuetral forum for the exchange 
of ideas and information-an idea about 
which Potter Stewart, Supreme Court 
Justice, recently spoke at the Yale law 
school. " It is a mistake to suppose that 
the only purpose of the cOllstitutional 
guarantee of a free press is to insure that 
a newspaper will serve as a neutral forum 
of debate, a 'market place for ideas: a 
kind of Hyde Park corner for the com-
munity," said Stewart. "A related theory 
sees the press as a neutral conduit of 
information between the people and 
their elected leaders." Or, perhaps, 
between the students and their en-
trenched bureaucracy. Stewart con-
tinued : "These theories, in my view, give 
insufficient weight to the institutional 
autonomy of the press that it was the 
purpose of t he Constitu t ion to 
guarantee ... " 

If this campus wants, at some point in 
the future, to have a true ly fi rst rate 
newspaper, this campus had best realize 
that a quality press, which is inherently a 
free press, is not one that you, from your 
special-interest viewpoint, can dictate 
the contents of or control. A free press is 
an independent institution. 

Montgomery Reed has correctly 
pointed out that a genuine objectivity is 
in fact impossible (TT, 2/3/ 75). Mr. Reed, 
speaking from what can only be termed a 
highly biased viewpoint, feels that the TT 
should abandon its attempts to print 
what may, at least , be termed relative ly 
objective news. Unfortunately, Reed 
does not recognize that there can be 
anything other than a blatant advocacy 
of one position . The atti tude of "i f you 
are not with us you are against us," t he 
habit of looking at the world as a neat 
pattern of black and white is one of the 
oldest and most simplist ic tricks of 
sophistry-it has been used with great 
effect by persons ranging from mil itary 
dictators to Jesus Christ. 

Reed has retained an archaic belief in 
absolutes, a belief that nothing is 
relative, that only the two extremes are 

valid and that any other position is 
maintaint'rI largely by a form of in-

tellectual dishonesty. While the Triton 
TiIMS is not absolutely objective, (I am 
willing to admit that that is impossible); 
it is more objective than was the North 
Star, which like Reed, failed to make any 
distinction between observable (Le. 
'scientific') facts and political opinions or 
suppositions. 

The Triton Tima is already a form of 
" advocacy journalism" representing, 
hopefully, the student body as a whole', 
not merely one section or ~action 
therefo. Reed is concerned, not because 
he has detected a bias in the n , but 
because the TT does not catef to hi ~ 
particular bias. 

More than one person has stormed 
angrily out of the Triton Times office, 
furious because we did not cater to his 
individual interest . Wh ile thi s is un-
fortunate, it is perhaps inevitable. But my 
purpose today is not to thumb my nose at 
the campus, not to speak from a 
haughtily remote position of " we know 
best." The fact remains that while many 
can state that they don't like the Triton 
Times, few are ab le to suggest a 
realistic alternative . We welcome 
constructive criticism, as opposed to 
emotional ranting, from all segments of 
the campus: students, facu lty, ad-
minstration and staff. What do you think 
about your newspaper? An atti tude of 
cooperation, rather than antagonism, 
would be of benefit to all concerned . 

Any discussion of the role of a campus 
newspaper involves a diSCUSSion of the 
"interests of the community." If all 
persons holding views on this subject are 
correct, then the community holds the 
most amazing conglomerat ion of 
illogical and contradictory views-in 
fact, no~ne really knows just you, the 
community, thinks. I would like to take 
this opportunity to invite all interested 
persons to let us know just what you 
really think of the Triton Times-
suggestions for improvement, things you 
particularly like and dislike. If you 
remain silent, others will continue to put 
thoughts in your head, to decide what is 
best for you . Not that we object to doing 
that, but I find it hard to believe that , 
given by the thousands of people on this 
campus, only a few of you are intelligent 
enough to think for yourselves . 

Letters and correspondence should be' 
sent to the Triton Times, 117 Blake Hall . 
mail code B-016 . And you should attend 
next Friday's open house in the TT office. 

Letters 
Page One Confronts Apathy 

So? What the hell? Everyone talks about APATHY, The question 
remains to be answered : How much rhetoric can we tolerate? Classes 
continue to meet, instructors still dole out assignments and tests . We 
!till are not dealing with the problem . Hour after hour, day by day, 
week upon week we are being socialized into accepting apathy as a 
way of life When do we stop this robot-like existence? When? ! The 
answer lies not in the "When?" but in the " Ho:v?" 

available to the students, car pools to Mexico and other activities like 
these have grown out of the words spoken in and around PAGE ONE . 
ine words were about the APATHY that plagues us dll. The pt::ople at 
PAGE ONE do not believe that APATHY kills . The truth is, the very 
presence of APATHY has brought life to many students. PAGE ONE 
students offer their aliveness to the rest of the UCSD students . If you 
want to be heard, come by and talk to someone at the PAGE ONE 
center. 

Next Fn'day, Feb. 14, the 
Triton Times will hold an 
Open House from 1 to 4 p .m. 
complete with coffee and 
donuts in its lower Elake Hall 
office. The purpose is to set up 
a dialog ue between TT 
s taffers and the UCSD 
community. All community 
members are welcome and are 
urged to bring their cn'licisms, 
suggeslions and comments. 

Some people believe that mass action is the key to change. I see the 
"masses" made up of individuals, like you and me. So, my belief is that 
effective change lies within the individual. The key to change is 
through individual action . ACTION! Action exists in words . But when 
those words fall upon deaf ears, APATHY is born . 

Micro-labs, Monday and Wednesday evening rap seSSions, a tieline 

I Malcolm A. Smith, editor Edward E. Simons, managing editor John H. Taylor, city editor Joni Moody, copy editor 
Charles Heimler, editorial director 
Rick Rodewald, business manager 
lAny Dar;''';. filTl$ e.ditor 
Kirk Robinson, sports eaitor 
Tad Sperry, photo editor 
Kathy Coxe, secretary 

The Tn'ton TimeSf:ubiiShes Mon., 
Wed., Fri, as an ojjiciaily recognized 
publication of t e UC;SD c,;om -
mMfllcations Board. Tn tdmg edttorial 
positions, the Tn'ton Times does not 
represent the vIews of the University, 
the CommunicatIOns Board, or the 

~-Illdent body. 

PaRe 2 Triton Time February 7. 1975. 

What is PAGE ONH It exists as a growing, alive group of individuals 
who believe that APATHY is a stage of growth , The PAGE ONE center b 
physicl ly located in the lower Muir Commons, directly east of the Muir 
Resident Dean's office. "PAGE" is the acronym for Peer Advisors Group 
Experience. "ONE" refers to its existence as the beginning of an 
organizat ion that wants to respond to each one of us as persons and 
individuals . Please stop by the PAGE ONE center. Any comment, an 
action in itself, will be heard and responded to on an individual basis. 

GLEN GILBERT 

The quarter after 
you moved 

out of the dorIn, 
it went co ... ed. 

You owe yourself an Oly. 

0!),"'P10 Bu::wlng Compel"), Olyrrp., Wa stllnqlon 'OLY 'II 
All Q1frnP'il Cf"01,C .,rr tccyclatJ)o 

WOK OF WEEK 

" DYNASTY BEEF" 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

lUISINE 

Oin"., Hou,.: 
Mon-Thu, 5- 10 

FrI·$Ilt fS-" 

Beer and wine 
served 

10" .. Discount wilh 
UCSO Sludml 10 

AMPU: PARkiNG • 
459-91'42 

1 L .. '01101 Blvd. 

low Doulh 
The tOpic of funding newspapers has always been a good topic 

during dry spots in the office._ Now it appears the topic has gai ned a 
more popular base since the landmark Calpirg vs. Bankruptcy 
decision by 'the Coop and the Ujima's stated intention of showing a 
movie to raise funds . 

During sim ilar discussions in the Triton Ti mes office and around 
town , several suggestions have been made. Of course, some of them 
are rather specious, but they all merit considerat ion , however slight . 

Probably the first idea that comes to everyone's alleged mind is the 
famous " raffle" bit. This presumes something of va lue to be rafflp.d, 
and it was on this basis it was attacked. Severa l staffers stated that the 
Triton Times had nothing to raffle and refused. to consider it at all . 
Others, though, looked conspiratorily at the Coke machine which has 
b en lying dormant for omEi time now. True, they admitted, the 
machine has had a sordid history of repeated excesses , but with a little 
paint and the right brand of Coke, it would be feasible . Of course, this 
would mean ecret ticket ales and would thus reduce the number of 
raf fler This idea was vetoed 

Another idea . "Gradually cut down on the number of issues 
published, and wh n the paper is considered rare enough, start 
charging a nickel a copy. You know, th e old supply-and-demand 

~cht l c k , " This raised fundamental questions about the demand for the 
paper and , after a suitable mourning period , the suggestion was quietly 
withdrawn . The staffer who suggested the idea in the first place was 
later founddeadin his bed with twelve self-inflicted stab wounds in his 
chest 

One very good idea was to hold a "professor pool " every week . 
Students and faculty would bet (in confidence) on which professor 
could put to sleep the greatest number of students . Starters in the 
week 's pool would be announced in the Monday edition of the Triton 
Times. Also. the front page would carry a handicap sheet telling how 
many students were "given" to a professor. 

This scheme has yet to be voted on, as it did not come up in a 
meeting. 

Aloin the top four was the suggestion that the Triton Times claim a 
paper hortage as reason for chargi ng a nickel per copy. The issue 
announcing th e change from our regular policy would also include an 
editorial diatribe against the state of Oregon, the ultimate supplier of 
our paper. We would clai m that the paper producers are perpetrating 
the shortage themselves in order to reap windfall profits at the expense 
of everyone who reads a newspaper or buys fresh fish . We would have 
exclusive articles about the lush decadence in which the mill owners 
are living and compare it to the normal newspaper buyer's lifesty le. 
Subsequent issues would contain 'sti ng ing letters telling of fresh 
atrocities being committed daily, all at the expense of the poor 
student . 

Alternatively , we cou ld claim copy shortage, complaining that if the 
student wants to read about somethin~ big, he ha to pay for it . We 
could point to the LA. Times and cla im that the dime paid for the 
paper doe not go to the staff but to the n wsmakers. " How do you 
think ," will read our front page editorial, " President Nixon was per-
suaded to br ak the law and leave the evidence for the newspaper to 
publish? Is it just co incidence that he resigned right before deadline? 
And what about Ford? Do you seriously believe he pardoned Nixon just 
out of sympathy?" etc. The point would be, if you want news, you have 
to pay for it The more you pay the better the news. 

The best id a presented was al 0 the one with the firmest basis in 
rea lity , imply put, the Triton Tim€'s would threaten to show " Deep 
I hroat " to rai se dough for Its continued existen ce . The word 
" threaten" IS used becau e persistent rumor have Inchcated that we 
(ou ld exp t to be paid something on the order of $700 by Christian 

gro up~ on campu not to show It I n order to make a decent amount of 
dough, we would th i aten With everal different movies at various 
t 1m€' during the year 

rhi, plan has all the earmarks of success . 

Scripps' Alpha 
, 

Helix Leaves 
Studies of naked mammals, 

scaleless fishes , luminous 
bacteria, and venomous sea 
nakes will be among the myriad 

of biological investigations 
conducted during a one-year 
cruise to the western Pacific that 
began last month when the 
research vessel Alpha Helix left 
her home port of San Diego . 

The 133-foot-long R/V Alpha 
Helix is a nat ional oceanographic 
facility , sponsored by the 
Nationa l Science Foundation 
(NSF) and operated by UC San 
Diego's Scripps Insitution of 
Oceanography. 

The ship is an ocean-going 
laboratory that provides a 
modern, fully equipped and 
mopile biological station for work 
in any part of the world 

Cheating ... 
Continued from Page 1 

problems also revolve around 
inadequate testing procedures, 
crowded classrooms, and the 
general atmosphere of severe 
competition. The student 
representatives are also interested 
in giving those who have been 
accused of cheating a fair 
chance. 

The co llege deans fee l there is 
a need to clarify for the students 
and faculty the discipl inary 
ac.tions that can be taken . The 
deans would like to have fewer 
cases reach the judiciary process 
of each college. They also want 
students to become aware of just 
what these judicial processes are 

More Aw .. re 
The faculty members want to 

make some of the younger 
professors aware of test ing 
methods that will prevent 
cheating. Often younger faculty 
members are assigned to larg,e 
classes without having any prior 
experience in handling large 
numbers of students . 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 
LIBRARY 

Thousands of Topics 
$2.75 per page 

Send f~r your up-to-date. 
176-page, mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$ 1.00 to cover postage (1 -2 
days delivery time). 

519.GLENAOCK AVE. 
SUITE 6203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our materials are sold lor 

research purposes only 

SANDWICHES ' SALADS , SMOOTHIES . JUICES 
RlTURE FOODS Ire foods thtt Ire ".,.~ without pre .... ", Weaching or hlrmful ._es. 
F .... riII! fine qullty 1M qUllIffty fait ..... 1114 iii pricIs. 

PACIFIC BEACH 
1651 Garnet Ave. 
270-0760 

DEL MAR 
1130 Camino del Mar 
481 ·0164 

NEWEST LOCATION'" ~/~~I St. 
459·5474 

OPEN 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. DAILY ... 
ORDERS TO GO ..... CALL IN OR COME IN 

BOrrena ... 
Continued from Page 1 

The audience was then told how draStl(dlly (Ondl\IOIl' 11.1\, · 
changed si nce the r cent Portugese' coup Shf' Insl<; tl'cl, hO\\('\"r 
that although the trial of the " three Mafias" ('ndt-d . one urrt'l1tl\ 
after the coup, the old gov rnment was ready to con(l'dt' clnd drop 
the chC\rges because of international 'pressure 

With the institution of the new government . a new ludgl' ,111d 
prosecutor were named, and the court found the book . unoh-
jectional ," saying .that it could be so ld and purchased throughOllt 
Portugal. Allowed Freedoms 

Borrena said that under the new regime, people are allowed 
" freedom of the press, freedom of speech, and freedom of 
association ." She also said that the wom en's movement In Portugal 
is fighting ,to legalize abortion and is attempting to organize 
"housewives associations" to se rve as a medium wherein women 
can gather and discuss sexual politics and the problems they share 
In t heir everyday lives . 

She was also careful to mention that the women's movement In 
Portugal does not receive much widespread support - the rlghl 
portrays them as "a bunch of ugly and frustrated lesbians," and the 
left argues that it is a " petty-bourgeois" movement that diverts 
attention from the real issues facing the working class She added 
that he strongly disagreed with the position of the orthodox left; 
which argues that the " women problem" will be automatically 
eliminated with the transcendence of capitalism and the con-
struction of a socialist society. 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

~ OFFERING 
~1'IS N'4"O ~O~S~ WS~sre~ 

COLOR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK ~ 
PENTAX, OLYMPUS, &; KONICA CAMERAS &; LENSES 

LARGE DARKROOM DEPARTMIENT 
INCLUDING 

KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES·SERVI CE ·TRADES· REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

459-7355 

HOT SURF AniON 
From Hawaii 

A Celluloid Reproduction 
Of Acquiescent Energy 

Produced By 
Gene Bagley & Bill Gellatly. 

Feb. 7,8,9,10,11 
La Paloma Theatre 

Encinitas 753-3955 1r 
7:30 & 9:30 

, . 

Triton Time February 7, 1970; P.lllf 3 



SPPRTS 
I 

UC.SDSTUOCIfTS r41~ fi!fill Q ~/.l ~I GENERRl 
IN RDVRNCl 'i'~ o;ca'"il~ PUBLIC 

5KlW&GIN~ 7:lO1ll . ' ncxm-\K.~ S1UOlNTCfN1U ,AZTEC CEN1ER·SOS.u ,ALL TICKETQ()N OUTLETS,THEHI~ 
OOWfllYlt4., ISN~ RIOORD5SOl!tl11lOOl~OCINfTAS, GOODt:AAMA ·O.8 ,GET 1T()I:,ooWU'~SIOl<!OI. 
" !'If'/. IIIOIC !lACHINl,All M INNltllLO~ MUll( ~llllli, VINl'fARO fAtE ~ IlODY·l:.cO~DIOO 

P~ge 4 Triton Times Feb,u~ry 7, 1975 

No Contest 

Crowd Laughs, JV's Breeze, 103·56 
While the home spectators were overcome with 

convulsive giggling, UCSD's junior varsity 
lJd~etball team was dismantling Cal Baptist, 103-
56, Tuesday night . 

The partisan Triton fans (estimated at 65 in 
number) couldn't help laughing as Cal Baptist put 
on a feeble performance. As inept as the Lancers 
were, UCSD was brillant . The Tritons coupled a 
near-perfect offensive and defensive show, and 
gained their second win of the year. 

UCSD passed their previous scoring high of the 
season by 22 points, as all players who dressed for 
the contest played and scored. 

Joe Greenstein lead the point barrage with 19, 
followed by Dave Elliott with 16, Mack Parker 13, 
Don Wiggins 11, Tim Haynie 9, Chris Wellington 
and Jim Nu ckols 8, Paige Smith 7, Ed Moore 5 and 
Mike Hart 4. 

The defen sive stati stics were quite unusual. The 
Triton man-to-man held the Lancers to a total of 16 
field goal s, only six through the first three quarters, 
incl ud ing an 18 minute stretch with none. 

UCSD was attempting to retaliate for an 83-72 
loss at the hands of Baptist one week earl ier, in 
Baptist home territory . In that contest coach Bob 
McCook said, "The referees did an extremely poor 
job . They were very obviously ' tiomer'; in fact, it 
was the worst officiating that· I've ever been 
through." 

Among the factors in the total turn around in the 
score, M cCook cited the fact that the Lancers top 
player had been called up to varsity, and the Tritons 
were better prepared to handle the Baptist full 
court press . 

In Tuesday's game, it was Ell iott's lay-up 'after five 
minutes were gone, giving UCSD an 11-9 lead that 
marked th e beginning of the end for the Lancers. 
lhe Triton s gathered momentum and went into 
interm ission with a 49-27 margin. Baptist was then 

Dave Elliot 

outscored 20-3 in the o'pening seven minutes of the 
second half. 

Greenste in scoreda pair of pressure free throws 
with a minute left to send the Tr iton s over the 
century mark . 

McCook was bubbling after the game in com-
plimenting his players. Among them were Parker 
("he's great. .. he has major college quickness" ), 
Elliott (" ... continuing his improvement, he's ex-
tremely coachable" ), and Greenstein (" ... he did a 
tremend6us job making a difficult switch from 
center to guard" ), 

aptist Rally Overcomes Tritons 
Triton Varsity basketball team remained 

m;/1-se!as<m slump, as the Tritons lost a heart-
to Cal Baptist last Tuesday night in the main 

loss extended the Triton 's losing skein to five 

beginning of the game, the Tritons offered a new 
crowd, as coach Barry Cunningham switched 

is starting line-up. Spark-plug siKth man Mallory 
was moved into a starting slot and Paul Trainer 
ched from furward to the center position . This 

for 6-5 Charles (Kool-aid) Aubert at forward. 
on ly just recently become eligible to play and 

. ,rnl/e to be a valuable acquisition to the squad. 
started out as a see-saw battle, as neither 

to pull away. Sparkling outside shooting by 
and good passing by Mitchell led to easy 

ighting the Triton offense. The game was tied 
six minutes left to play in the half when UCSD 

scorirul spreE' to outscore Cal Baptist 12-1 in the 
minutes of play to take a 39-26 lead. Leading the 
Mitchell, who contributed three assists on fast 

George Calhoun , who benefited from Mitchell 
easy lay-ins. The half ended with the Tritons on 

second half,Cal Baptist was able to pull to with in 
but the Tritons were able to gradually pull away, 

a steady offense. With ten minutes left in 
e, the Tritons led 64-51 and it looked as if the game 

into a rout. But a let-down in the second hal f, a 
which has plagued the Tritons all season long, 

again, and the hot shooting of Cal Baptist 
IS Motley led to ten straight lancer points. 

been a Triton lead of 13 points had quickly 
to th ree within a period of only two minutes. 

of the half, the teams traded baskets. A Paul 
gave the Tritons a 76-76 tie with four minutes 

game, but after that, it was all Cal Baptist as the 
red eleven straight points, seven of which came 

_ 1"n'AJ< to ice the game. 
s exhibited a balanced scoring attack as four 

in double figures. Mitchell led with 19 points, 

-F' .. 

Steve Kircher 

Calhoun had 16, and Tra iner and Kircher had 15 each . 
Individually, Mallory M itchell set a school record for 
ass ists with 12. The team shot extremely well , hitti ng 
58.3% from the field . However, turnovers in costly 
situations cost the team the game. 

For Cal Baptist, Denn is Motley was a one man wrecking 
crew, as he hit for 32 points, 24 of which came in the 
second half. Motley, only a sophomore, can be considered 
a pro prospect in the klture. 

Home Opener Ton ight 

Spikers Stop Irvine 
The Tritpn men 's volleyball 

team opens its home schedule 
tonight in a match against Cal 
Poly Pomona. 

UCSO has already en joyed 
success in 1975. The squad 
opened up with a th ird place 
f in ish in the All-Cal Tourney 
behind national powers UCLA 
and UC Santa Barbara. 

The team then went on to 
defeat UC Irvi ne, accounting for 

Tri ton 1~t)-70 nat ional cham-
pionship squad . 

Gorrell . says, "This year's team 
works better as a 'unit than any 
oth er in the school's history," He 
concedes, however, that "other 
teams might have had more 
tal ent, man-for~an . " 

Gorrell feel s that the 1975 team 
is at least equal, and probably 
better than any of the other non -
scholarship schools . "I think that 
we have a v£:ry good chance 

This Y8llr's t8llm works better as a unit 
than any 'other in the school's history.' 

the 1-{) record, and later go 4-4 in 
USV BA (United States Volleyball 
Association) practice matches. 

The Tritons find themselves not 
playing in a league due to a 
puzzling mix-up which has yet to 
be totally explained . Some 
outstanding o pponents have been 
scheduled, incl uding San Diego 
State (the date has yet to be 
announced) and more in the 
UCSB Invitat ional. The UCSB 
tourney is considered one of the 
best in the country, and will be 
played Fe bruary 16-17. 

UCSD is coached by Jeff 
Go rrell , an all-American from the 

against all of those team'; ," he 
said. 

UCSD is led by the teams lone 
Senior Tim Myrick, and Juniors 
Bruce Cazden and DaVid 
Rosenberg. 

Although 1975 will be a long 
season, Coach Gorrell and his 
team are trying to make it even 
longer. Since the P.E. Department 
refuses to fund post-season 
tournaments, t he Tritons are now 
att empting to th ink of ways to 
earn enough money to travel to 
Indiana for t he NAIA Cham-
pionships in May. 

*****,*********. 
* mo * 

'Everything That Ever Appears on t ports Desk and I don't Know What to do with 
* S ofl1ys' .. 
* * : Natural Eats :: 
* ....... -d ... ;_. * 
* -'_Il. * * 611C'IQI~, ....... * Sail ing 

The UCSD Sail ing Team took 
fi rst pla ce in a regatta held on 
Mis,s ion Bay last weekend . The 
T ri t io ns d efeated San Diego State, 
UC Irvin e, and USC for the t itle . 

" An d i vision skipper Ed 
Trevelyan d nd crew member Joan 
Odell took the overall title on 
fin ishes 0 f 2nd, 1st , 5th and 12th 
in th eir h eats . 

"B" d ivision skipper Tim Lynch 
and crew member Ann Viera 
captured th eir w in on f in ishes of 
3rd , 6th, 4th and 2nd . 

Handball 
This quarter the Handbali 

Tournament will be open to 
beginners and advanced players 
al ike. In comparison to past 
quarters, there will be three 
divisions in which one can play. 

The A division will be for 
begin nin g players, those who 
have a quarter of less experience 
under the belt. The B division will 
be for th ose with 2-3 quarters 
experience. The C division is for 
all th eexperts in the world . 

Sill nu ps are on the door to the 
handbal court s. Matches will be 
arranged at the players con-
venience. 

ARE YOU A TENNIS 
ADDICT'? 

11 not , would you hk.to be? The Rancho Bernardo TennIs College lithe gt'."" .. arnlng 'xpet~nc. in ,,,, world Two or four oaYI of intens ..... 
drills. prechce rooMes and claSSroom ,eulons Ihat If. bound to 
mollvate the Mck out ot 'tOY 

Woutd you lliel to Mable 10 spin your serve ChiP your Service return 
btoc:k your \loney.. and crunch your overn.Id.? Ot cour"1 

The TenniS College opt!ns up new horizons lor the I.pewtneed pl.y. 
r ... , Ih' Challenge break Ihrougf'l to lhl MII'level 01 play The Tennis 
Colletge also gel$!he hit end glggl'" pla.,er ot! 10 • Hml-s~IOUS slar' 
Le.rn 10 plly mini 'ennlland h.\I,lun wh"e you learn 

W,..tt "' your OOJKlw,.1 Our ,alented 'Icully of t.nnll lOueaton, 
headed by renowned teechlng pro. Ed Collin •. Will help you along If,. 
or •• , IlIped.ncI JuSllsk our 7 000 graduates 

OlKount ... Ie 81t slUdents anO 'scully 01 UCSO IOf Ihe monlh 01 
Febtuary 

$15 per d'."lln.lead 01 S25) lor our TUII ~ Wea ..... ton 
$20 per day MIUtad of $30) lor our Sal ·Sun seSlbl 

Don I del • ." In ull1ng u. your b.c~n.nd ~.It 
Telepnon. 277·2'.' 

Ra ncho Bernardo 
Tennl. College 
" Th* 11111 .. 1 "MIdi. I#ftlMdO 

'7~SO 8.'n .... CNkJ Drift 
Salt 0.. CA 9112S 

Lucas, Ashford 
The Campus Program Board, in 

conjunction with Psychology 'of 
Offic iatin g Class, will present Jerry 
Lucas and Emmett Ashford in 
lecture to day in the main gym . 

lucas will begin the festivities 
at OOctl , followed by Ashford at 3 
pm . 

Ski Team 
Men's Ski Team captured 4th place in 

SCISA (Southern California In-
Ski Association) Giant Slalom while 

took fifth place in their division . 

irschke and Mark Cross lead the UCSD 
and sixth place finishes . UCLA won 

on the basis of disqualification of 
USc. ·Roberts had the fastest time, 

Lucas, a former professional ified for wearing the wrong number. 
basketbal star with the cinn- ler and freshman Susie HegemEister 
cinnati Royals, the Golden State pi and 20th to pace the women. Laurie 
Warriors and the New York Poly, Pomona took the top honors, 
Knicks, bills himself as the runnerup by over five seconds. 
" Memory Man," (he on ce 
memorized the Manhanttan event only two of seven UCSD 
telephone book). He will speak fd"" lldgl!O to fin ish the race without 
on hoW students can increase Steve Benirschke again led the 
their mental powers by way of a ninth place finish . Paul. Claessions 

finisher, taking 26th place. Because 
memori zation . of f i ications, UCSD did not place in the 

Ashford was the first ngs. USC, paced by Roberts took the 
umpire in the major leagues. 
Noted for his flamboyant style as 
an umpire, Ashford is now 
utilizing his style as a public 
relations man for the Com-
miss ioner of Baseball , Bowie 
Kuhn. 

Your 
says 
go 

to 

women took 7th place wtth Gale 
leading the Triton s, finishing in 16th 

place 22nd. Once again Roth of 
the women, finishing with a time 

have given her fourth place among the 

selor 
have 

Ski Club Trip Planned, Feb. 21-23 
.* G.6oI N6ad6. * #-e.~-i- ~:: 

The first Winter Quarter Ski 
Trip sponsored by the UCSD 
Snow Ski Club will be to South 
lake Tahoe, a few miles from 
Heavenly Valley. The trip will 
leave Friday February 21 and 
return the 23rd by car caravan . 
Each person will receive: two 
nights lodging, one all-day lift, 
discount s at local restaurants, 
and $11 .00 worth of Casino 
ti ckets for South Lake. 

down the road and doesn't really 7 pm in the Recreat ion Gym 
need describing except that itsl Conference Room . All persons # A ll :: 

: Deliciously:: big ... with lots of runs and variety. interested should attend. 

The local ski area has four 
chairl ifts goi ng up to 9,000 feet as 
well as poma lifts for beginners . 

,Heavenly is about ten minutes 

, The price for the trip is $17.00. 
Cas will cost around $15 .00 per 
perspn depending on the number 
of people per car and driv ing 
habits. Tickets at Heavenly - $10 
for all lifts. A reasonable est imate 
for total cost is $45 including 
food . 

Sign-ups are being taken in the 
Recreation Gym Office on a fi rst-
come-first-served basis . Th ere wi ll 
be a meeting Feb. 11 - Tuesdav at . 

&ndthe'PTD 

she'S . c\8SS bY h8fS8It 
....af"~use ~. '':'~J'' uv- ~ / . ~ \. _.(;,J :~.2 a red satin , 

Beautiful '!lowers " 'fTD' 5 exclUSllle Id 
.. d a v\al 0 What cou he~rt ~n Fleur perlumefTD Florist 

JOle \er more'? Your dIe BOUquet 
please d your LOlleBun 
can sen where. 500• 8Im~::a~I~Yavallable $1 

I r lesS 'han businessman , 
• ~s an Independ~~~ FloriS! sets hiS 

each FiD Mem 
own prices. 

«> 117& Florllll' Tr.nlwortd Dellvl ry . 

Don't Th ink Abortion # Pure * Alternat iv~ are Ava i lable * 6990 L~ JolI~ Blvd. * 
S.D. PRO UFE LEAGUE * at lop of Wind'n Sea :: 

.' 583-5433 * 11-6:30pm Mon.-Sat. * 
Also free speakers * 459-7872 * 

I,--__ a_nd_st_u_dy.:..-r_oo_m __ ~ .. *~*~**********)j 

. POWER 
VOLLEYBALL' 

this weekend 

San Diego Wave 
vs . 

Los Angeles Feet 
9 :00 p.m. 

Sunday, Feb. 9 

1 st match 
Anaheim Hamms 

vs. 
Santa Barbara Clippers 

7:30 p.m. 

Both games at San Diego Communjty 
Concourse: Golden Hall 
Tickets: $5,00, $3.50. $2.00 or call 560-4202 J 

Febru.1irY 7, 1975 Triton Times P"Xe S 



Concert Notes by larry Deckel 

Mime Time 
Don Mcleod, The Modern Mime, (pictured above), will be ap-

pearing in Concert as U .C.S .D.'s Revelle Cafeteria at 8 .30 pm 
rebruary 8. 

McLeod and his company recent I returned from a six month 
ngagement at the World's Fair in Sp)kan " Washington, where 

they played to over 1 million people. Their appearance there proved 
to be a major breakthrough for the art of mime. Mcleod received 
rave reviews from the cri t ics, and performed on numerous TV shows 
both foreign and domestic. 

In Mcleod's U .C.S.D. performance he will be debuting some new 
material which he has been working 00 for several month s. Also 
featured will be some of his better known works such as, The Rock 
Star, The Colfer, The Pay Toilet and parts of the m ime drama, 
Satan's Creation . 

Don M cLeod is currently working on organizing Souilem 
California's First Mime Festival. It is called Masters in Mime Ex-
position, (M.IM.E.) and will be held at Southwestern College April 
4th and 5th . The Festival will feature major mime artists throughout 
the United States and Canada. Mcleod is also in the pro cess of 
openilg h is school of mime here in San Diego. 

Masters of the art of silence, the O:ln Mcleod Mime Theatre 
expresses thoughts and action throu!t1 the wonder of F anta ~ . 
Through a n open door, formed in gestu re, composed of th in air and 
seen only in the mind's eye, Don Mcleod weaves tories without 
wordsof th ings both real and imagined . 

r orticket information call : 452-4559 . 

UCSD has a big night of fine 
. azz in store for itself, as 

ifornia Concerts and the 
pus Program Board present 

bor Szabo and Chuck 
IMolnlliOlile in the UCSD gym, 

~ur".MIV night at 7: 30 p.m. 
Jazz guitarist Gabor Szabo 

always stood for fine jazz. 
1>1",,,;,,o as opener to a sold-out 

with Chick Corea in the 
last year, his music found a 

follow'm!! at UCSD. Now Szabo 
compiled what is reportedly 

his most impressive ensemble of 
musIcians ever. Along with 
S'!abo's guitar work, three other 
lead instrumentalists ' Richard 
Thompson on electric and 
concert piano, Anthony Ortega 

Gabor Szabo 

Engineers: 
Find out about 

the Nuclear Navy. 
If you think you have the ability and desire to 
master nuclear engineering, the Navy's Nuclear 
Propulsion Program has openings for about 
200 outstanding college graduates. There's a 
Navy Recruiting Officer ready to give you all the 
details on how you can become someone special 
in the new Navy. 

NAVY OFFICER TEAM 
PLACEMENT OFFICE 

FE B. 10, 1975 9·3 P. M . 

PaRe 6 Triton Times .ebruary 7, 1975 

Chuck Mangione 
on woodwinds (sax, flute and 
oboe), anc Jimmy Stewart on 
classical guitar, join'h im and his 
4 piece rhythm ection . 

Opening act for that gym 
show, i the Chuck Mangione 
Quartet . I've got to confess I'm 
unfamiliar with the group's 
music, but the reports I've heard 
run from " ex ellent " to 
"s uperb". Melodi c, vibrant , 
versatile music is their forte . 
Personnel includes Mangion~ 
on flugelhorn and electric 
piano , Gerry Niewood on 
axaphones and flutes , Joe 

LaBarbara on drums and per-
cussion, and Chip Jackson on 
electric bass . 

For those less inclined to jazz, 
might mention once again 

Saturday night's c ivi c theatre 
appearance of Paul Williams 
and special guest Freddie 
Prinze. 

Williams is best known for his 
recent role in "Ph anton of the 
Paradise", and also is known for 
such million -selling com -
positions of his like "Rainy 
Days and Mondays", " Just an 
Old Fashioned Love Song", and 
"We've Only Just Begun" (The 
offi cial wedding song of the 
seventies it seems .) 

Opening that show , 
Comf'dian Freddie Prinze, is 
perhaps best known as Chico on 
tv's "Chi co and the Man", but as 
a stand -up comic he's gotten 
quite a following, with several 
appearances on Johnny Carson's 
" Tonight Show" 

Paul Williams 

'Sneak Preview of Things to Come! Today at ] :00 in 409 Matthews 
Campus, a dance concert and demonstration featuring student 
choreography will be presented by students of Drama 122B 
" Dance Composition and Advanced Studies'·. 

LA PALOMA 
ENCINITAS 753-3955 

fll. 7 · 1' - 7 :30·9 :30 
STARTS f RIDA , 

"WAYIS" 
A CILLULOID U'RODUCTION Of 

ACQUIISCINT INIROY, 'RODUCID 
BY GINI .AOLIY AND IILL 
GILLATLY, flLMID IN T"I 

"AWAIIAN ISLANDS AND COASTAL 
CALIfORNIA · WIJH ORIGINAL 

SOUNDTRACK - THIATRI WILL Sl 
CLiAIEO AfTIR IACH SHOWING, 

STARTS WED . FfB 12 THRU 16 

"DARK STAR" 
"REMARUBLE ,ILM rOR ITS 

SOPHISTlCAl£O SCIENCE fiCTION 
EffECTS IlG'NS WHU£ SPACI 
ODY$5lY tHUS 11IT"5 PLUS 

" THE TERMINAL MAN " 
SlUS '[ORGE S(eAL AS A 

COMPUTER SCI[NTlSl WHO I[COMES VIOLENtLY 
HOMICIDAL 3 MINUH S" DAY ArTER 

CO"'PUfU nRMINAU UllMPlANTlD IN 
HIS IUIN 61' 00 

BOND'S 
BAFFLEBOX 

BOZAK LOUDSPEAKERS 

WE HAVE KITS ALSO 

in the old market 
1010 Fi rst St. 
Encinitas 753~280 

t****************·*************' : :Fa I D.&, yo HZTB :FLICK. : 
: Paper Chase : 
* - , 
* WITH Timothy Bottoms # i USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 75e ! 
: 8 '1'171\1) or PIL # 
* * : Ken Russel's The Devils # 
: WITH Oliver Reed : 
: AND Vanessa Redp.:rave # 
* ;, * ,*7~~~*~*~:~***~~:Z~~*.*1~~.1 

~IINIIIIIIIIIIII_II __ lHlllllllllllllllllnllllllHllnIlIlIlHIIIIII_n""""'I.""IHIl1IIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!;i 

I 
the third meetin. of section 14, which never really did 

[with apoloaiel to a, .. J 

we, who have survived the first flood 
who have given all OUl' money 
who have knelt and prayed in the presence of a pagan idol 
who have forgotten OUl' names and learned how towrite 
who have scratched and clawed at the pages 
who have cried all in anger to the gods 
who have cursed the unholy power of monarchs . 
who have found oUl'selves fused tOlether in an end less eirc Ie 
who have left our senses reeling uncontrolled in empty lectuee halls 
who have melted into question marks 
who have sat 00 the wall alone and dared the rain to love us 
who have looked at the grass 
who have iJ>ne mad under a crystal light bulb 
who have stood up and left 
who have lost our bodi es looking in mirrors 
who have walked home alone wondering 
WlO have gathered here tonight in this little room 

are still waiting for the t .a. 
we are still waiting ... 
we are still ... 
we are ... 
we ... 

d.d.harman 

I 

.. 111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111= 

Upon hearing the good news 
that the grou ndhop predicts the 
speedy retum of spring (ah, soft 
warm breezes and blooming 
locusts,); I just couldn 't help but 
celebrate. I hast ily threw my mid-
term studies to the winter wind 
and headed for the new gallery 
openings around San Diego . 

An exclusive show of 
Marquetry (inlaying wood on 
wood) by Gene Remington is 
being shown at the Tarbox 
Callery, 1025 Prospect, La Jolla 
thru Feb ruary 14. A show com-
posed of vegatative photo -
painted sculpture by lou Brown 
De Guilio is at the Founders 
Gallery, USD, until February 23 . 

There are two new shows on 
display at the Fine Arts Gallery in 
Ba lboa Park; a selection of 
graphic art by the nation 's top 

I artists including Gene Davis, Dan 
navin , Joan Mitchell and Ed 
Paschke is showing, as well as an 
exhibition of work by Jack Zajac . 

There are all kinds of things 
tha t are happening that sound 
rather nice . I' ll try to cover as 
many as I can ... 

This Sunday at 8:30 pm in 
Bui lding 408, Matthews, is a 
concert ronorin g Schoenberg and 
two of h is student s. This Wed-
nesday leonard Michaels, author 

SlhS~yJee\(~ 
"R.a"'~-A""", ,,,,,,-, 
-,_ ... --. _ ................ ., 

.......... ...., .... .. 
-.............. -, .... .... 

.. One ......... ,., ..... ........ .... 
..., ... ~ .. . 

--

COMMUNITY 
8LOODBANk 

311 F. Street 

PAYSDONOIS 
Iorsenke 

Mon.-SM. 
I: 4t-S: lO 
CIoIedSun. 
ml., 

Aart-Vark 
by Elizabeth Chiment 

of "Going Places," will be reading 
from his works . The readings will 
take place at 4:00 in the Student 
Center lounge . 

Henry G. Gardiner, Director of 
the Fine Arts Gallery of San 
Diego, will give an i llustrated talk 
on " Walls" at the Gallery, 
Wednesday, February 12, at 8 pm. 
Gardiner will discuss the painted 
walls to be found in West Coast 
communities. 

A modern-<lance open house 
featuri ng lectures, demon-
strations, improvisations, and 
performances will be presented at 

Stage Seven (1041 7th Ave.), this 
Sunday, beginning at 2 pm . An 
adUlt puppet show entitled 

"Canterbury and Other Tales" is 
scheduled for Wednesday at 8 pm 
in San Diego State's Montezuma 
Hall. 

One of this country's most 
acclaimed violin virtuosos, Rafael 
Druian , w ill perform as a soloist 
and conductor in the February 7 
and 8 concerts by the La Jolla 
Chamber Orchestra. The con· 
certs, both at 8 pm, will be at 
Sherwood Hall of the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art. 
Now, go celebrate. 

UCSD CAMPUS PROGRAM presents 
DON MC LEOD 

WORLD'S FAIR MIMIST 

Revelle Cafeteria 
Feb. 8 8:30 pm 

UCSD Student SI.50 
General sa.oo 

BOX OFFICE 
Student Center 
4&2·4&58 

Love, 
Honor 

and OIel 

ill 
I / / [ 

/' 

WOllE 
shows continuous from noon daily 

FI:NBARTS' 
1818 GARNET 274-4000 

.. _____ PACIFIC IEACN ______ _ 

0: 
Advanced faciliMs. 

I clirnem 
Exciting today. 
Wide-open 
At the NCR Data Processing Division you have a chance to 
earn an important place - as fast as your abilities permit - in 
one of the nation 's most progressive digital computer systems 
facilities. You 'll undertake non-defense assignments aimed at 
improving business, finanCial , governmental and educational 
operations in 121 countries, and your benefits will include a 

thoroug~ly ~rofessional environment. an excellent salary, 
award-Winning plant and laboratories, generous vacations, 
educational reimbursement, and fully paid life, hospital and 
medical plans. A rewarding today, a certain tomorrow, and a 
chance to claim your fair share of the computer future. To 
learn more, please reserve the date below. 

Opportunity at 
B.S. and M.S. levels 
Important, continuing commercial activity In : 

Software Programming 
Originallon, deSign, development, and Implementation of 
complex software systems : development of onginal 
functional design and processing techniques: design and 
implementation of state-of-the-art data baselfile 
management software and a large-scale on-line multi-
programming eKecutive design, flowcharting, coding, and 
implementation of on· line executive software modules. For 
EE, Computer Science or Math graduates. 

Software Engin~ng 
Positions requir ing EE degrees to organize and implement 
firmware programs to emulate computing systems; 
creative use of existing computer logic for automatic 
diagnosis of hardware malfunctions: develop programs to 
automate manufacturing procedures, simulate electronic 
circuit response and simulate logic functions. 
Positions also tor EE's In 

Quality Engineering 
Factory Uaison 

On-campus interviews 
Thursday, Feb. 13 
To arrange an appointment, contact the Placement D"ector 
In the Occupational Placement Ollice now. /I you cannot 
schedule an appointment lor the interview date, please send 
a resume to the University Placement Director or to the 
address below. 

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION 
16550 W. Bernardo Dr., San Diego, Calif. 92117 

An equal opporrunlly employer/ male .$ female 

Triton Times February 7, 1975 PolICe 7 



n=======================what's happening 
notices 

.1Udenta 1m....,. In .. ....,.,.. __ 
Opportunitlel In _ H.1th field. Mr. 
Hervey ~ ... Ioined the 
C.r •• r PI.nnl lle! .t.ff .1 H •• 'th 
Ie*- AcIvIIw. ' .ullcllnt .. M.t-
tMwe CempUI. BIery Tu.dey 11-12 
..... ThutMey 2-3. 12111 

Women'l TORI ",MIlend. Iet.. 2J8.BUft. 
2JI; ........ welle FonneI Lou ..... Brine 
comfortellle c--. .willi IUIt, food to 
...... mU8lael lnetrumentl. '- C2I7I 

FOURTH COWOE Adv .•• ndI,. Wtr. 
Qu. Tre"'" .tu. O.thertne. Provo.! 
Offtce. 11:»-2:. Mon. 2110. ..~ 
menta. 12/101 

VOCATIONAL INTERE.T SURVEY.: 
Cou....... for melon .nd ce,..,.. 
Mon ..... T_ 2-3. zao H. L ..lenni 
Murrey. Actlne College Dlln. Hu.h 
P .... Ph.-D. (3/141 

CLINIC: Coun.llng on S.xuel 
W.d. '-1 pm; R.v.lI. 
Offtce (next to the Rev. 

..Iudlth Jorg_. 
IM.U.-n',gn P .... Ph.D. (3/141 

THIRD Winter ft Spring ' 
IGI .. d''''1~on C.ndldetea: Com.ct Mre. 

Fletcher In the ACidemic Ad-
OffIce .Id •. 412 Rm 11 MC for 

.... ,. check. (.y Apptj (21101 

personals 
Lynn-K..- YOU would be Witching thli 
.pot. When Ire YOU golne to pley for 
m.l D.". 
Mlche.1 B. HIPPY B-DlY 

Snip 
Lov. Snep (m) 

JL - W. got your m_gl but which 
on. of u. wire you reflrring t01--I11 
(2/71 

H.y You. How com. you're luch • 
lo".b .. rott.n berrl.1 Lovi. M. (2/71 

To K.t. - TlneYI 'th-You hav. the 
'Ixl •• t IIttll bOdy W.'''I ",er _no 
Your f.n club. 

P.ul. Rick. Sam. Loren 
(ml 

HlY Rev .. ,.1 Thenkl fOr the p"no. 
Lov • • larry. (2/71 

Attn Doo-Dah Normal.: Great"... 
com •• In pal,,: How 'bout the Deadl 
Ciol. but no cigar. Th. Dlldest H .. d. 
.round. (2m 
K.th.rlnl my pat 

N •• t. nllt. n .. t. nllt. nllt. n .. t. 
n •• t •.... W.blter (217) 

F.rdlnend-I .. k him what he really 
wlnta .nd he .IY. on. of IIch. To him 
I'm lu.t a .omatlm. thing-I know that 
its tim. for m. to go-Ita too much p.'n 

m. to .tay. (2171 

Mok l: Good for 1 (on.I HIPPY Birthday 
Luv H.rky (2/7) 

Are you wom.n 'of.,y? M.le •• cort 
servlc. nlld. bu.ln .... All .h,p.I & 
siz ••. De.d End E,cort Service 462-9906 
(2 /7 ) 

Debbi. - Thi, i. the lover .pe.klng. GI.d 
he's doing so more often. Hlv •• fun 

'w, •• k.nd. I'll miss you - Rick (2/71 

D.bbi. - You',. w.lcome. Rem.mber. 
You·v. got. frl.nd. Alway • . Lov • . Rick 
(2171 
To P.tay Ari •• - I m l .. you I With lou of 
lov • • AI Pinon (217) 

Mich •• 1 B. H.ppy B'd.y Snip. Lov • • 
Sn.p (2171 
Connl.: Good Luck on your Phy.ic. 
midterm. S.turd.y morning .tay up to 
... the .unrl ... nd c.l.b"t.1 Whlrpl 
Marg • . (2m 
Kirky. where .re you?!l Rllily would 
Ilk. to ... ycu Ig.inl You cln contact 
m. .t work i the mornlngl or at 
C.ntrel in th. e-.l.nlng. (n.er locker) . Or 
c.1I m •• t 4(2-1076. Tony (2/7) 
To B.rbar • . v,h6 dldn't , •• my p.reon.1 
to her in ..... dn •• d.y·. p.p.r. I will 
• nythlng .he w.nta - THE PINTO KID 
(2/7) 

Thon '" d.V.r.nn •• : 
ou kr ow wh.t it', Ilk. to love 

l . c)m.o,n.7 I certain ly do l 
I w.nt to ~now you. long, long t im • . 
Ilov. you (nor. than ALL the b •• n. In 

II ('lulncy, tool) 
I' ll .'w.y~ b. by your .id . .. your 

butt.rfly-K., 
P.S . T.k. good car. of you".1f .nd 
Bettina. (2m 

for sale 

Pate 8 Triton Times 

SKI HlAViNLY VAlLIY Mer. Da 
(Querter braek) I 11ft tick.... I ""-
Iodel,. - .... On .... It 8tudent 
Center M-F. 1-11. 12-1 or cell 411-1317. 
12171 

Join UI for ........ t dinner Fri. Feb. 7, 
7:3Dpm. Muir APti TV Lounge. (217) 

.how herlhlmllt you reelly carel Give 
herlhlm/It e oOOkle with her/hlll .. 
__ .nd/or ... ...., on ttl Only ••• 
the V.I.ntln.'. D.y •• k. • .... 
.poneored by ....... to p ..... 12/101 

R .. I •• don",,,, for ......... QuartW 
will be .m to continuing etudentI on 
Feb. 12. Btudentl who dO not raoeI¥e 
pack_ by Feb. 11. go to Regletrar-MC 
101 12/171 

R ..... don oanM will be ~ 
Feb. M through Feb. 211. .tudIntI may 
tum In cerda before ...... neted dati for 
their level. but ce" will not be 
proceeeed until the ...... neted dati. 
Cerda filed after Feb 28 will be eublect 
to •• ,0 llta fill ... f ... (21141 

The Sprlne Schedull of C ...... will be 
.v.l .. b .. on Feb 1 •. Studentl can pick 
up • cOpy .t the .ookltore or the 
Sundry Store for 11e. 12/111 

Recru ... re from Unlv. San Fnlncleco 
law School will be .t 0313 Fri. Feb. 7 1-3 
pm to ..... k with Int_ted Chlceno 
.tudente. (217) 

M.I. AKC Boxer OFA Sired. 10 mOl. 
Shota Champ. Line. .." cropped. 
J_my ........ (2/7) 

Orl.ntel Jlld. & COnll J.w.'ry. Cheep 
prlc ... ,.... .xt. ,., .v.nlngll Gil. 
Gold It.m. '''01 (2/7) 

NORDICA Ski Boota. 10M. .xc.lI.nt 
·condltlon. comforteb... .. or belt 
offer. Rich ",.nlng •• t 462-1411 . (217) 

Skll. (bnlnd n_1 FI.cher GI ... Gr • . 
(2116 c ml .70 or belt offer. SR·10 T.I. 
Cllcu .. tor. Llk. new •. B"d 463-7S87. 
12110) 

Ak., 2IiOD. T ' Reel to r .. 1 d.ck .uto 
re".re, auto .tOp. xlt condo Mu.t •• 11. 
cheap. -..en, (m) 
Tex. In.tNm.ntl SR-&O· • • w. can b •• t 
.ny I.td prlc.. QUICK d.llv.ry. 2 yr. 
gu.rent ... Bert 462-'" (3/ 14) 

Couch: 9 It. Scand.n."len couch. 
Pretty good condition. .'0. 43a-OI07 
(2/7) 

Water P.op" - Sportew.y. doubl. hOI. 
regu"tor (hi & 10 perte). U.S. Dlv." 
Octopu •. rocket fin • • • p.rel.t fin. four 
m •• k.. two .nork.,.. w"ght b.1t 
w /w.lghta. nylon '2' glovn (m.dlum). 
1/S" O·N.II .urllng long lohn.. M.rk 
463-7014 (2m 
19n Suzuki; 3150. fr_.y be". n_ 
batt.ry. pOints. plug • • tuned I ... 500 
mil ••• go. MOO.OO K.nt 487-2142 (2/7) 

Fender B ... m.n Amp & BOttom Pre 
CBS . • 226 or bnt offer. Fred. at 7116-
6.51 . (2/7) 

IS YOURS LONG ENOUGHl 28" Mod.1 
AVllilllbl. - SKATEBOARDS for .. I.: 
smllller .'z ••• c.d wh •• I • . NIII462-8461 
(2/14) 

Wom.n·. mountllineering boot.. slz. 
SM. Good conditioning. only u •• d 6 
month • . Cllthy 7116-9486 (217) 

Sony TC147 C .... tt. d.ck with m.t.". 
nol •• llmit.r. and 25 t.p ••• 70. H •• d 240 
skll. 193 cm .25. Rich 765-C210 (217) 

Ski Boots. Nordic. Alpin. Super. Good 
condition. 1 •••• on old, flta .hoe .Iz. 9-
9 l1a .20. 464-8735 (2 /7) 

Scuba Pro Equlpm.nt. .xc.lI.nt 
condition: tank (bl.ck ,poxY. DCAR 
v.lv.). M.rk V r.gu"tor. pr_Unl .nd 
d.pth gu.g... B.C. v •• t . quick-
dl.conn.ct Infl.tor. back -p.ck. 
comp •••. Total prlc. - .2150.00. Will only 
•• 11 compl.t.. Mlk. 71i15-817!i b.fore 
10:00 .m or IIft.r 10 pm. (2110) 

G.nuin. Hawall.n Puka Sh.1I 
N.ck"cn. .,&-20 b •• t dill .round. 
T.rrl 462·97&8 (2 /10) 

1986 Buick L.S.bre. radl.tor n .. d. 
work. V.ry good motor. $200. Ir.n • 
X3229 (2/7) 
1987 Ch.vy ;J Nov. 2 door good con-
dition. good mil •• g • . • 700/bnt off.r. 
Kyl. 71i15 .. ,27 (2/71 
1910 VW Bug. R.bullt .ngln • • v.ry good 
condItion MIG; ,. R.nault Dluphlne. 
Nne but need •• om. work " . Tom 
453-.. , (2/7) 

1110 Plymouth D. Lux. new .nglna. 
clutch. brekn. Exc.'''nt. .,. or .rade 
for Plck/Up/or/V.n. 2'JO.41I1 (2171 
RICKENBAlI(ER. Electrtc Qulter. Nevw 
ueed. COlt w/CIM " . Will .... for 
" . Mu.t .... , C.II Mlrk. -..n 
(P2f71 

7, 1975 

.undey _hlp ...... et UnIverIIty 
lutheren Church: 
Cethollc -1:JII.m .nd ..... pm 
Lutheren . 10:00 .m (8tudent 

.... -"Ip .t 7. pml 
Eplecopal- 12:. pm (217) 

EVERYrHINO YOU EVER WANTED TO 
KNOW A.OUT .IRTH CONTROL. .UT 
WERE AFRAID TO ASK-A cIIapIey by 
Judy GOldfInch of the UCSD .Irth 
Control Clinic .. _ .t the CIu8tIr 
UncIer1INdueta library .nd wII be up 
through V.lentine·1 D.y. (217) 

Appllced_ ... now being aocepted .t 
Muir ProvOit 0ffIc. for '!IrI ... Quertar 
Mulr-D.rtmouth Excha.... Progrem. 
Contact Mlldne Henry. Muir Provoet 
0ffIc •• 412 ..... Deedllne Ie Fri. Feb. 14. 
(2114) 

ATI REVELLE WINTER GRADUATIES: 
A llet of Winter 1m RevII" Col .... 
gnldu." II poeted on the board 
outside the Rev .... ProvOlt'. OffIce. 
Check to meke .ure your nem. Ie on It. 
(2/71 

meetings 
The Food Co-op II hlvlne .n In-
form.tlon.l/org.nlzation.' type 
meeting thll Fri. .t 3pm. Conf. rm .. 
Student Center. (217) 

MGB Bucket_. - .71.00. Sat (41 MG. 
wlre-wheel - ".00. Curtl.2D-GIO (m) 

LED ZEPPELIN CONCERT: Bnt _tI 
for .11 IhOWI - San Diego. Long B .. ch 
• nd FONm. -'3141 (2/71 

lost and found ' 
Som.thlng w •• 100t. In 2722 2/3 .m. 412· 
0117 .fter 5 .nd ldantlfy. (2/71 

LOST: L .. ther Not.book .nd Statl.tlc. 
t.xtbook. 1.0. in.ld • . Glv. to C.mpu. 
pollc. or to 221 N. C.drOl. Sol.na 
B .. ch (2171 

Whoever picked up my Chemleel 
Prlnclpl .. from Muir Common. Frld.y 
.v.: Return it to TT OHlc. -- Thankl. 
E.Kn.pp (2171 

LOSTII Blocheml.try by L.nlnger In MC 
201 on Frl1 /31/7!i. m.m1 .fter 6:30 pm 
.xc.pt W.d. 12171 

Lo.t: p.'r of Sungl ••• n In bl.ck c .... If 
found. pi ..... pi .... contact Sherry 
462-" . REWARD (2 /7) 
FOUND: G,.n cord j.ck.t Ie.t Qtr in 
1'!L1110. C.II 462-aJ .nd Id.ntlfy to 
cl.lm It. (2171 

Blu. umbnlila found In 1330 HSS .fter 
Drem. II cl ... on Tu .. day night. It'. in 
the Triton Tlmn offlc • . (217) 
I 100t my bronze moon .nd .tar on • 
gr .. n ribbon Frld.y. Pi .... nlturn to 
Stud.nt Center. R_ard . Good Karma 
(2/71 

LOST: Brown notebook with y.llow 
paper 'n.,d.; I.ft In.ld. M.tthew· ••. 
Not •• Importantl (2/7) 

LOST: R.wardl B.nru. W.tch. SlIv.r 
Band. Blu. Dial. In.crlptlon: Lov. Jodi. 
Jun. 1174. If found. pl •••• contact Bob 
.t 462·11537. (21101 

LOST: Copp.r finger-ring. In UCSD 
Th •• tre 1/31 . BI.ck IIb.trect dnlgn; 
.antlm.ntal v.lv. to owner. 218-2817 or . 
466-1113. PLEASEI (2/71 

. 

services 
RESEARCH AIDS . C.nad.·. largnt 
•• rvlc • . For c.talogu ••• nd t2 to: E ... y 
S.rvlc... 17 Spedlne Ave.. No. 201. 
Toronto. Ontario. C.nad.. C.mpu • 
repre •• ntatl" •• required. P ..... writ •. 
(P 6/S) 

MEN I . WOMENI 
JOBS ON SHIPSI No experl.nc. 
required. Exc.I"nt P'y. Worldwld. 
trev.l. P.rfect .umm.r lob or cer .. r. 
S.nd .3.00 for Inform.tlon. SEAFAX. 
D.pt. B-17 P.O. Box~. Port Ang ..... 
W •• hlngton 18312 (P 2/10) 

TYPISTS: I.M·Term p.p_r· 
I th._/dlll.rtetlone/etc. 
Edltlng/RUSH JO.SI X.rox. Andl: 453-
0811. (P 3/14) 

G.t good gnl .. 1 Sure-fire tips by 
UCSD Gred Studente. lend $I to: P.H,-
D.-K. Box 72. Rt 1. D .. Mer aM 12171 

Needed H .... In Pronouncl ... Frenchl 
271-,.. M.rc (2/141 

TYPIIT. ThelIa. term-"""- etc."ueh 
lobe too. V.ry lOW ,.... Cal RacIIeI et 
411-1Z72. 12171 

DON'T Mill OUT. Cempue CNMde 
Mm., FrL NIta. 7 pm. WInzer Common.. 
1 •.•••• ·Medlc., .chool! ALL 
WELCOMEI (2/7) 

STUDINT CO-OP MeetIng ... Monday 
.t the .tudent Canter. Included on the 
A .... : Town Canter •• nd funding of 
8tudent ar.nlatlona. C2I7I 

TnlnaoandentIl MadttltorI . Advanoed 
--.. .nd group mecIIt.tIoft Mon. 
Feb. 10 et 7 pm In R...... Fom.I 
Lou ..... ..Ioe RIeIt ...... or __ _ 
II.I.M.'.I 121101 

Free In1I'O LIoture for thOM .., .... ted 
In ... mlng more .bout Tre~1 
Medltadon. Tu •. Feb. 11 .t Noon .nd 
7:. pm In Reville Inform.ILou ..... For 
Info ceIl..loe Rlelter ..... or __ _ 
(S.I.M .• " 12/101 

UCSD Student Lobby Annex Mon .t 2 
pm 2nd floor. Student Center to ItIrt 
the HIec1Ion proc_ for the "fIOn 
who will become our ....... tIv. Intern 
In the Stata C.pltol. A .... nder Annele 
X44IO. (21101 

FANTASY & SCIENCE FICTION 
SOCIETY. Org.nlz.tlonel m •• tln, 
Monday February 10. .... pm. In the 
IClung. conf.r.nc. room. .tud.nt 
center. (2110) 

Ambldou. "reone needl... more In. 
com •. Exc .... nt opportunity for good 
.. rnlng • . FUll or pert-tim • . Will treln. 
C.II evening. 412-0173. (P2/121 
HAIRCUTS on c.mpu. by • 
prof_lonel "/cut. C.II Margl. 462-
.. or 8th floor Tiogil. H ..... (2171 

housing 
Need Imm.d. f.m.l. 21 or older to 
.hare 2 bedroom Enclnlta. hou ... .. 
month utll. includ.d. M.ry Ann 431-
0847. (2 /12) 

Two f.m.l. room mat.. need.d to 
.hare b •• utlfuI3-b.droom hou .. In 0.1 
Mar for 'Rrlno qu.rter. 7l1&-li48. (217) 

Room. f~r R.nt. G.n ••••• Highiend • . 
2Bd/1 SA pool. gareg.. I.undry .... 
t77/mo . • ach 3-4 total room met ... 413-
7014 Garo (2/7) 

F.nta.tlc B •• ch Hou... R.ntlng two 
b.droom • . F.mal •• only. R.lnbow: 713-
2270. (P 2/111 

Speclou. 2·.trv. 3 BR. 2 B.th. 
beeutlfully frn.hd cont.mpo h.. to 
.hare with ,'ngl. m.I • . Locat.d In prvt 
pk .ettlng. olympic pool. Jacuzzi. I,. 
IIbnlry. bit-in.. patio. prvt eer pt. 
Loc.t.d mlnutn to 113. 11. 805. 15. 12 
min • . to UCSD. Prefer f.culty Or gred. 
.tud. with cnsetlv. Int.,..ts. arta. 
cl ... lcel mu.'c. etc . • ' • . 00/mo. l1li-
21. (efter 5 pm) (P 2171 

Hou.em.t. needed non-.moker. G"d 
Stud.nt Or .mploy .. Unlv."lty City 
.78.75 plu. 1/4 utll. 463-Ia or UCSD 
x... Chrl. (2/7) 

Charll •. with tha refrlg.nltor - w. n .. d 
you .t PI.y~oor Condo. R.nt' I. now 
91.00/month. Pi .... c.lI: 462..CJ151. (211) 

Great hou •• in la JolI.1 F.m.le need.d 
NOW · own big room - only "'/month. 
C.II 468-7072. (2/7) 

Own room In 3-BR hou •• in 0.1 Mer. 
flreplec.. n.xt to beech. y .. r-round 
I..... Non-.moker. C.II 7116-6203, or 
larry. X21n . • Il/month. (2110) 

Roommet. need.d to .hare G._ 
Hlghlend·. condominium with two 
m.'. .tud.nt.. Own room (un-
furnl.h_d) . • " .17/month plu. utll . 
St.v. 4I3-tGII. (2110) 

Own room In town hou ••• G._ 
Hlghlend.. Pool. V.ry cl_ UC.D . 
A".,leb .. Now .,. plu. uti!. 4IJ3.GI2 
(2/101 

For R.nt Spring Qu.rter ONLY. 2 
bedroom.. MoI)lI. hom. fully fum. 
wat.rbed. Swimming pool. I.cuzzl. 
leundry .v.llebl • . MIni M .... './mo. 
IIII-I5G4 night. 

films 
D._ Yvonne R.lner will p~ her 
film "film AItout • Women Who ..... 
.nd •• on Tu.day. February '1 et 7 
pm In HII z.t. Iponaoned by V ..... , 
Artl .nd Art o.Ierv. (21101 

music 
OUITARIIT-IlNOE" John Adler wllbe 
performing In tile Rev.Ia SIde Door on 
Monday night. February 10th. 12/101 

TALENTlIl Two rial... you... .... : 
Tom M.rtln .nd Karan L_ . will be 
performl ... their leteet hits In 'the SIde 
Door. Feb. 10 ..... 12171 

.... ted H.ppy 100th .Irthday to Amold 
Schoenberg will be celebrated by 
A .... n. Anton .nd the UCSD Mullc 
Dept. Sun. .t I:.. In the Center for 
Mu.lc Exp.rlm.nt. .ulldln, 401, 
M.ttt-a Cempu •. 11m 

lectures 
Dr. J.m .. Covell A .. ocleta Prof_or 
of Medicine UCSD. Mechanic. of Left 
V.ntrlcullr Contrectlon. FrI" Feb. 7. 
2:00pm. Room .... B .. ,c .cl.nc • 
BuIlding. MC. (m) 

Hou •• m.t. w.nted. non-.mok.r. Own 
rOom In So"ne B .. ch . • 71. month .nd 
utllltin. C.rI. ,....., • • fter 15 pm. (217) 

Roomm.t. Wanted la Jolle VIII. Apts. 
$82.50 plu. utllltin 462·1030 .fter I • 
pm (2/121 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASHl Pllylng Top Doller 
for your U.S. Silver Coine minted befonl 
1 ..... K.n 462-132!i (3/24) 

Subl.cta need.d fOr phonatlc. .x. 
p.rlm.nta. U/hr,.s .. J.na It 3121 P & L 
or Clil X2137. lind) 
P."on Int_ted In repeat climb of 
DI.blo P .. k (B.). Spring br .. k . I·v. 
been. frl.nda ha".n·t. K.nt - Tu·Th. 10-1 
X:". L .. "e mIIIIg • . (2171 

" Full 01,.." wetsult In good conditIon 
to fit 5· . .. girl . ....., .fter 7 pm (21101 

GOOD Phy.'c. tutor fOr NS2A. P.y by 
hr. m.4I3I (2/10) 

travel 
CHARTERS TO EUROPE 11711_t .Ir 
farn from "'. Round trip to LON-
DON. AI.o • bit more. fllghta to: AM-
STERDAM. BRUSSELS. IRELAND. 
FRANKFURT and .om. combInation. 
into on. city out .nothar. In San Diego 
.Inc. 1121. Cell DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEL 211-8141 . AI.o .tud.nt rell 
pessn. car rental • • purcha.n •• tc. on 
.11 t"v.1 c.1I 211-8141. (Pllnc) 

SSW Trev.1 OHlc. . ON CAMPUS-
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'l Stud.nt 10. EUnlll. Ho.t.1 C.rd • . 
Tripping Magazln •.• tc .. UCSD in-
ternational C,"ter 412-0130 11 am-4 pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Clo.ed Tu.-Thure. (P 
3/14) 

EUROPE-ISRAEL-AFRICA-ORIENT. 
Stud.nt flights y .. r round. Contact: 
ISCA. 11117 S.n Vlncant. Blvd. No. 4. 
LA. C.IIf. I004I. T .. : (213) 821-_. 821-
~. (P 3/14) 

SOUTH AMERICA & GALAPAGOS 
ISLE. 2-4 Month Experlencn. lOW-COlt 
Brochur. : NEWWORLD 
EDUCATIONAL TRIPS PO BOX 2131 
S.lInea. Ce ..n. (P 2171 

Til 0 
OLD CO •• w-_ ... 

,. 
8. 

• 

GC,LD AND SIL VEl COINS BOUGHT AND SOLD 
INVESTMENT PORTFOLIOS ESTABLISHED 

CALL IICH AT NOIEL COl'. 
454-9156 DAY 
454-89]9 EVE 


