
Malone's · Status Is 
Still Undetermined 

by John H. Taylor and 
Richard Yep 

An investigation of Vice-
chancellor for Student Affairs 
Georg Murphy' " fairness " In 
maki ng a determination In -
vplvlng Muir re ident dean Cleo 
Malone i underway with an 
an nouncem nt expected soon, 
Murphy aid ye terday . 

The inve tlgation follows a 
meeting b tween about 30 angry 
stud nts and the Chancellor in 
McE lroy's office Monday at 
which tudents claimed "in-
titut lonal racism" on the part of 

the administration in the removal 
of Malone from hi post. 

Undertake a Review 

The students demanded that 
the Cha n ce 1I0r undertake a 
rev iew of the situation . He agreed 
to under take such a review. 

The tudents refused to release 
a copy of their statement, which 
was read by Lawrence J T. 
Thl bod au . 

The Triton Times has been 
unable to determine whether 
Malone has actually been fired . 
The students entered the 

Cha n ce l~or's office Monday 
fo llowing publication in this 
new paper of a story saying the 
vlce-<:nancellor would make an 
an nou ncement i nvolvi ng 
Malone's status. The article also 
reported that both Malone and 
as I tant resident dean Fred 
Henderson had claimed to be the 
resident dean . 

Subcom mittee Acts 

Lawrence j. T. Thibodeaux 

Murphy did not make the 
promised announcement . He also 
had promised an announcement 
for noon yesterday, but said only 
that " the process I have been 
Involved in for the past several 
weeks is being reviewed as to its 
fairness ." He said the review 
would probably be completed by 
today. 

I n a later conversation 
yesterday, Murphy said the in-
vestigation into the deter-
mination involving Malone had 
been contemplated before the 
tudents demanded the review 

from the Chancellor. He said 
uch reviews are routine . 

Coop Agllin. Avoids Choice 
Of Budget Coordinator 

by Craig Uchita 
SgffWrit.r 

In a remarkable display of 
political maneuverability , the 
Student Cooperative Monday 
night decided not to elect a 
coord i na tor for the Bud get 
Resource Group (BRG) . Neither 
candidate, Alex ,'\nnala nor Tom 
Tanana , managed to attain the 
two-thirds majority necessary to 
win the position . 

Annala , at one point in the 
meeting, was elected. After a 
twenty minute discussion in 
which both candidates aired their 
views, a vote was taken . Annala 
received more than the two-
thirds requirement (16-5). 

However, 26 abstentions were 
also noted of the 47 eligible 
voters . The Coop decided, after a 
lengthy discussion concerning 
procedure, that another vote 
hould be taken due to the 

mistaken belief that abstentions 
were inclusive in the two-thirds 
decision . To clarify the situation, 
Garrett Gruener stated, " The 
abstentions have no bearing on 
the two-thirds vote . They cannot 
be included." The vote was taken 
again ; the tally was Annala 18, 
Tanana 17 . 

It was clear that individuals 
had purposely, and successfuly, 
voted for Tanana in an attempt to 
negate the election . 

The most detrimental 
tatement prior to the election 

was by candidate Annala . " I 
don't really want the pOSition I 
don't think anyone who is really 
coherent wants the posltiqn " 

Preparation for 
Coming Referendum 

In other developments, 
strategy was mapped out for the 
forthcoming campaign to support 
the campus wide referendum on 
student fees and the 
legitimization of the Coop In 
order to educate the student 
body , representatives from the 
Coop will follow a four fold plan . 
They will : go to the dorms 
prepared to answer questions 
about the referendum ; es tablish 
information tables on the Revelle, 
Muir and Third College plazas ; 
talk with the various student 
organizations on campus; and 
use the media and speakers as a 
base for further publicity . 

Basically , this strategy is 
designed to influence students on 
behal f of the Coop. 

Alex Anmla 
The strategists in opposition to 

both the Cam"ius ActiVity Fee 
and the Coop, Including Tom 
Tanana, did not enumerate ex-
tensive policies. Tanana did 
indicate that an open meeting to 
discuss strategy would be an-
nounced . 

Conti nued on Page '7 

$1.1 Million OKed for EOP Program 
by Maura Dolan 

Sacramento Corre.pondent 
rhe Assembly Ways and Mean 

<;ubcommlttee on education 
has approved a $1 .1 million 
'>tate ap propriation for the 
Unlver Ity ' s Education Op-
portunity Program" (EO P) . The 
slJbcommittee al 0 agreed to 
require the University to make a 
statement of intent to bring 
minori ty representation iIl EOP 
"up to parity" with minority 
representation in the state's high 
'>thool senior classes. 

I n response to this recom-
mended requirement, UC Vice-
pre Ident for Governmental 
Relation Jay Mi hael said, " In 
orde r to increase (EOP) 
enrol 1m nt--i f that' what the 
req Uirement would mean -owe 
wou ld have to have more funds . 
The legi lature would be asking 
us to do more for less . We IU t 
ou ldn't do that without ad-

ditional money. " 
The ubcommittee's decisions, 

which mu t be approved by the-
whole committee and the Senate 

rinance Committee, came aft r 
two-and-a-half hours of debate on 
the number of Chicano students 
currently benefiting from the 
program and on the manner in 
which state funds would be 
sp nt. 

Governor's Budget 
The state appropriation would 

be used to cover recruitment 
costs and academic support 
services . The Governor's budget 
requires the University to match 
the tate appropriation with 
another $1 .1 million from 
University funds . A spokesman 
for the Department of Finance 
aid the government required the 

matching fund " to insure a 
program increase of $2 .2 
million ." 

" If the Regents deem the need 
in thi area to be so great," he 
said, "we would want to make 
sur that they spend their money 
on what thay tell us is their top 
priority." 

UC Student Lobbyist Jeffrey 
Hamerling aid the Lobby 
upports the matching 

requirement because it will 
as ure new EOP students that 
there wi II be enoug h money to 
support their studies throughout 
their college career . 

But Michael said, "We (the 
University) don 't think tnere 
ought to be any requirement. I'm 
mystified at the students ' 
po ition ." Michael said he did 
not know how the University 
would obtain the matching fund . 

Contingency Fund 
The Univer ity had hoped to 

obtain the matching fund from a 
Regents' contingency fund that 
was created in case of "short 
fa lls" in the student aid program, 
according to Hamerllng. . 

The ubcommittee, however, 
approved a student lobby 
recommendation that would 
prevent the UniverSity from using 
money already budgeted for 
financial aid to finance the 
matching fund . 

" If the tate play enough of 
these forcing games," Michael 
aid, " the Regent may decld 

not to accept any tate money at 
aiL " 

Hamerling said the Unlver ity 
cou ld obtain the matching fund 
from unallocated tudent 
education fee money . But 
Michael aid the Univer ity may 
need to u e fee money for apltal 
outlay on indiVidual ampu e 

$9000 or Less 
Rob rt John on , U( ICE.'-

IHE'\Idenl for Unlv rSlty 
I~ 'lations. told the sub ommlttN' 
thell IlIOrt> than 2 .3 01 L P funch 
'W ill II ~tlld('nts Irom 1,1I1111ll'~ 

Continued on Page 4 

Plaza is Scene for 'Open Mike' 
Communications tudent Union member Montgomery Reed 

is shown speaking in the Revelle plaza M onday a/ noon. The 
plaza will be the site every Monday for an ' ·o.'Jen mike " session, 
with amplification equIpment available fo ;' anyone who ha 
omething to say. 

At Monday' eSSlOn. Reed spoke on the ,')olttica/ temper of 
Ihe campus. and attacked the Tnlon Times ' covera e of the 
upcoming st"de'>1/ referendum . He saId he tholtRht the C01lfml1!r! 
hus been lanted In /;11'or of Ihe ,mtl Goop tudents jor 
/Io/un/ary ,'\ cllon 

Former Sludenl ( oop~r.:JIIl'e Hlldg / Re ouree Creu!) 
coordmtllor Rlllh I uqllt ' tli.lu ,Ipoke ,\Ionda on th 001' and t6e 
III 'ed lor xtud .. n~ actIvIsm . 

.'\!lyon" I' thl' nll1:11 U'11, mllted 10 peak for or ugumst 
/'Il.\1 I/O n. I,/ken by Luque a lld Rt't''; 



Paeetwo Triton Times 

Letters to the Editor . 
Go Ahead (But Without My Money) 

Why does Muntgomery Reed 
feel so irate (n ,Aptil 2) about 
possibly losing :he practice of 
someone else allocating MY 
money for HIM to use? (and I 

'WIW' WE !lID IS HEW 1..EAI.tRS1I1P!' 

don't mean God) . Someone 
always wants to take my money 
for my own good; sounds like the 
IRS. If the Student Cooperative is 
concerned with the "senseless 
domination and 'manipulation of 
our lives" by a "government in 
which a small group exercise 
control " (that's a corporate 
oligarchy), then why does a small 
group like ' the Budget Reserve 
Group allocate my money to 

organizations I may not need nor 
want? Maybe they feel they 
should advocate social benefit for 
my own good . Go ahead, but 
don't do it with my money. I've 

'NEW lWERSIIIP - lIWS ~T WE NEED!' 

seen a lot of soc ial activities on 
campus that were happening 
without the allocation of my $6 
fee . Has anyone seen about 
$ 117,000 worth of social activities 
i n the last three quarters? 

I am not against the Coop as an 
organization that wishes to 
advocate a policy or coordinate 
groups of action but I don't need 
a government . An insecure 
bureaucrat needs a government 

to USE' force on others that he 
would not othE'rwise be ablE' to 
use. If the Coop was set up to 
function as a students' advocatp, 
then I dOll'! ~eE' why they cannot 
J)perate Without thE' title of " the 
UCSD ~t udent governmE'nt ," 
which It IS not officially 
recognized as anyway , although 
people ~till ~eem to refer to It a 
suc h Those who wi sh to E'ndorsE' 
these actions monetarily ~hould 
do so . Those who don' t shouldn't 
have to . 

I have one last comm€'nt dating 
back to the fall quarter . The oop 
had designated a committ e to 
rationalize the I gitimacy of the 
Coop during that quarter and in 
the near future . I happened to be 
a member of that committee. Our 
group coordinator reported at 
one of the mE'etings that the Coop 
was only legitimate as long as its 
actions proved legitima.te to the 
students. I still don't think that it 
has proved its legitimacy to me. 
The coordinator of that group was 
Stephen Lopez of " Politi ca l 
Autobiography" fame. Is the 
Coop really legitimate or do a 
student's political endeavors 
legitimize the E'xistence of the 
Coop? 

SCOTT W . NORTHRUP 
UCSD libertar ians 

USD Law School Dean Distorts Facts 
I have always felt that the 

academic community is uniquely 
capable of weighing facts and, in 
arflvIOg at a conclusion , 
discounting views motivated by 
unenlightened .self-interest. I am 
therefore deeply disturbed by 
University of San Diego Law 
School Dean Donald Weckstein's 
March 31 letter to the Triton 
Times. The letter so distorts the 
facts surrounding the proposed 
purchase of California Western 
School of Law that USD's 
narrowly motivated bias could go 
unrecognized. I am at issue with 
Dean Weckstein on the following 
points : 

1. Dean Weckstein states that 
in 1974 the Reagan ad-
ministration, .in a political attack 
aimed at precluding " the 
eventual authorization of another 
law school for the University of 

·California system,"reversed long 
standing opposition to a Hastings 
branch in San Diego. Weckstein 
does not mention that the largely 
Democratic state legislature had 
already twice approved Hastings-
San Diego and Reagan only 
reluctantly succumbed to 
legislative pressure . I don 't un-
derstand what point Weckstein is 
making by mentioning Reagan's 
unenthusiastic and unofficial nod 
to Hastings-San Diego. Perhaps 
he is trying to manipulate the 
distaste most of us who attended 
a UC school during the Reagan 
years had for his administration 's 
hostile attitude toward public 
higher education . In any event, 
Hastings is a University of 
California law ' chool. Support of 
Hastings-San Diego is certainly an 
odd way to attack Uc. 

2 Weckst~in urges UCSD 
students to oppose the Hastlngs-
San Diego proposal beLdu,E: u 
UCSD Law ~ chool " has been 
talked about" B t an on campus 
law school is . at this point , a 
thoroughly un : ertain event Even 
if approved, if would be at least 
five years before tile first student 
cou ld walk . hrough the front 

door. The Hastings-San Diego 
proposal, on the other hand, will 
be effective next fall. 

Once again, a UC law school is 
a UC law school. The important 
goal is that one be opened in San 
Diego, and whether the location 
is on campus or downtown (and, 
incidentally, close to the courts 
and most of the legal business) is 
surely of secondary importance. 

I should also add that the law 
school discussed for the UCSD 
campus was to have been small 
and specialist--i .e., devoted 
primarily to the training of legal 
scholars and law teac hers. 
Hastings, on the other hand, is 
devoted to training practitioners . 
The two concepts are not 
mutually exclusive. Competition 
between UCSD and Hastings is 
simply a red herring. 

3. Weckstein contends that the 
legislature established a 
statewide educational coor-
dinating committee to prevent 
takeover of educational 
development by politicians. But 
once again, the same legis lature 
has twice approved Hastings-San 
Diego. And surely Weckstein 
does not have the naivete to 
suggest that the Board of Regents 
and the educational coordination 
committee are free from political 
influence. In any event, the 
purchase of California Western, 
which represents a takeover of an 
already exis ting law school rather 
than the building of an additional 
law sc hool , is presently before the 
committee for priority action 

4 . Weckstein goes on to say 
that the educational coordi nating 
committee, as late as 1973, found 
n0 nppd for a UC law school in 
San Diego. Anyone who IS 
presently applying to law school 
knows that there are chairs 
available for only two thirds of all 
law chool applicants. USD and 
California West rn both receive 
fifteen appllcatlom for ('very 

Th. T,iton Time • • publl.hed by the Communlc.tion. Boe,d of UCSD . • pp .... 
on Mond.y •• Wedn .. d.y •• nd F,idlY. du,lng the 'Igull, .chool YH' lexclpt on 
offlcl.1 holld.y.l . Edito,I.1 .nd bu.I ..... offlc ... ,. loe.ted In 117 Bllkl HIli on 
the Rlvlli. Colle,,1 clmpu • . l.ttl .. to thl Edlto, erl welcoml .• nd .hould be 
typed on •• -.p.CI lin. on nonco" .. lbll pIp.,. l.ttl' •• hould be concl.l, end 
the T,lton Time. ,".1,.,,1. th. ,Ight to edit lubml •• lon. b.ceu.e of 'PICI 
IImltltlon. 0, .tyll 'IQuirlment._ 

Fo, Iditorlll, cIIi <!52-3411: fo, bu.I". .. end .dverti.emenh. c.II4112-34118. 

available seat. The ration of 
applications to acceptances is 
certainly h igher among the UC 
schools. There are three UC law 
schools in Northern California but 
only one, UCLA, in Southern 
California . San Diego, California's 
second largest city, has no UC law 
school. The 1973 study was based 
on building a new law school 
rather than purchasing an existing 
one . Weckstein himself supports 
a "small" law school as long as it 
is on the UCSD campus. And yet , 
he urges that the need for a UC 
law school in San Diego should 
be studied . 

5. The " bargain basement 
price" of acquI ring Californ ia 
Western Schoo l of Law is not the 
"i llusion" Weckstein would have 
us believe . The purchase price of 
$2.5 million is for a presently 
existing law school and includes a 
four story building covering half a 
ci ty block in the middle of 
downtown San Diego, all fixtures 
and furnishings, and the law 
library . Over $100,000 has 
recently been spent to enclose 
stai rways in glass and provide an 
additional outside fire escape to 
preclude "substantial renovation 
to meet fire coges and state 
standards ." All have been met. 
The 50,000 volume law library is 
included in the purchase price. 
Although Hasting-San Francisco 
has 100,000 volumes, the student 
body is three times as large as 
California Western's. Even if the 
volume count were to be rai sed, 
the cost would be substantially 
less than starting from scratch . 
Finally, I have no idea where 
Weckstein got the " two million 
dollar annual upkeep" figure. The 
estimated operating cost of 
Hastings-San Diego i pegged at 
$750,000 p r year . With the 
offsetting income from tuition , 
the approximate ost to the state 
would be less than $450,000 per 
year 

6. Weckstein states that "with 
land availab le at the UCSD 
campus a small size law school 
cou ld be constructed and 
operated In a quality manner with 
little additional cost" I am not 
5ure what the Dean mE'ans by 
pllhE'f "s mall " or " quality " 
IlowevE'f, UC DaVIS law .,chool 
which ha s th ,amE' .,Il(' , tudE'nl 
hody ,1'> ('a ltfornld W"q rn \"i1~ 

(I)n tinucd on Pa!tl' ';' 

Wednesday. April 9, 1975 

Letters Defend Argo Hall RA 
LillSt Wednesday's p~per contained a Letter to the Editor assailing 

2nd floor ArlO RA Bill Russell. While I have no idea how Bill 
behnes during most of the week, I have worked with him on many 
nights. I am the security Ruard for the Revelle dorms on weelcpnd 
nilhts, ~nd 015 such, the safety of the dorm residents is p~rtly en-
trusted to me, as well as to the RAs. Bill's help has bern most 
v~luable ~t times, and I consider him partly responsible for the large 
drop in crime in the Revelle dorms this ye~r. 

M . HILLER 

The letter to the Triton Times concerning Revelle RA Bill Russell 
does not necessarily reflect the feelinRs of the maiority of the 
residents living in the dorms. As it was impossible for Ihe RA to 
defend himself , that letter was a blow below the bell . An alternative 
to the letter could have been a less offensive complaint without the 
use of Russell's name. 

The people who signed the letter should have taken out their 
frustrations by doin~ something constructive, nol hy deliberately 
hurting a specific person with whom they were angry. 

JOHN LEE 
RONALD LEM 

SCOTT NONAN 
MARIANNE MARSI 
CAROL STINBERG 

SUlCI TAMURA 
ADELE L nORD 

YVONNE MURRAY 

The Student Cooperative: 
Growth and Fulfillment 

by Mol" Hyman Rap~port and Ann C"rberry 
for the Student C ___ tlve 

Consen~u al govprnment always indudes a great deal ot birk€'fing by 
its very nature. UnfortunatE'ly, that ilspect of !hp Monday Stud('nt 
Cooperatiyp m(,E'tings has oE'en overplaYE'd It has over~hadowE'd the> 
important aspec ts of the mE'E' t ing ThE'Y M(, (,5sent iallv dp~lgnpd to 
I'ncompass four important ~€'rvices . On€' I~ to act as a forum \\ h€'f(, itn" 
,tudE'nl can discuss any issue. A wcond funrtion of the mf'~' t lng I~ to 
,('rve as a centra l place whE're different interestpd parties ciln .'xchangl' 
information fa mE'ans to keep the IntN!'sted ~tud!' n t inform('(1 about 
campus and community activit l€'q ThE'S!' !;pnNal m!'f'tings are iI plan' 
where a certain amount of ~olid " work" IS don€'. H€'re thE' ,Ktion 

. CE'nters present the cu lmination of thf're activities ii nvestigatlon~. 
proiE'cts) for the approval of the Coop at large . Th€' tourth i1nd I11mt 
Important ministration of the gE' nera l mpeting IS to ~NVP as iI pia I' 
"herE' (lny InterE'sted ~tude nt can comE' and participat(' In th{' ~tudl'nt 
decision-milking process . One accompli ~hm E'nt of which ~,e .If!' mmt 
proud i~ that the Coop has remained acce:;sibl to itll ~tud!'n'" lrolll 
Tom Tanana to Marco LiMandri to oursE'lvp 

But thf' real "hE'art and soul" of the Coop IS in thp mE'dia-nl'glE'ct('o 
,1c tion centers . The artion centers encompass the {'igh t following dr('", 
of (onc€'rn ('xtE'rnal affairs, loca l , ('xtE'rnal affairs, ~tatpwlrl(', .11>-
pOlntmpnts & ('valuations; the HudgN/ Resource Group; IOt('rcollp!,!<, 
cooperation . acadE'mlc ilffai rs; intE'rnal affai rs; and publ i('t tv rhp 
proiect of I'ach ac tion center I~ guided by a (oordinator \\ ho I' 
('Iected by the Coop . 

Th rE'sponsibilities of a oordinator include rplating proJ('ct<> 10 tl1(' 
overall purpose and goals of th(' actIOn center. delegat(' \VorJ.. . <lnd' do 
th€' day-to-day ~ hltwork necessary to perpetuatp the CE'nt!'f Oll!'n 
the e tasks demand tedious and tim(~consumlng work but It " th" 
(ommitmenlthat i the str€'ngth <lnd foundation of trhE'Coop 

Unfortunately, many significant ,1(hiE'vemE'nts hilvP hE-('n owr-
... hadowed by trivial BRG squabb l s ThE'sE' achi('vE'm('nts indud .. "c1f('n 
StE'entoftE"s work with thE' Student Body I'rf'sident's Council -- (on -
vincing the Board of Regents to ... ea t il Studf'nt Rf'l.wnt . ,lOci 
representing the campus on uch i sues of on ern as thE' 18-y(..,,-010 
drinking bill . and Moscone's bill on decrimlnili/ing Illariluanil 1\1"'0. 

tephen Lopez's great performance as coordinator for th(' ilppOlntnll'nt 
,lOd E'valuatlons committee has been ovprlooked Hf' has gotten 
...tudents on all campus-wide commi ttees. rhE'n there IS the ' Iamoll~ ' 
IIRG . whi h actually is students (who arE' respomiblE' only to oth('f 
... tudl'nts) allocating the ampus Activity FE'e which tunds the C.11111111~ 
Program Board , the Communi atlons Board, and , tudl'nt 

Continued on Page 3 

Edward Simons 
Managing ed it or 

Sport •• d,tor 

John H . Taylor 
Editor· in-chief 

Kathy ( 'oxc 
S.C'.'" ... 

James G. Soto 

P"oto .dllo, 

Wednesday. April 9, 1975 Triton Timei Page three 

• An Argument, -With Evidence, In Favor of Creation 
by D~ve Murphy 

I used to accept the theory of 
evolution as a proven fact . It 
seemed reasonably well sup-
ported as presented in school and 
it never occurred to me that what 
actually happened might have 
been quite different. I strive to 
objectively evaluate scientific 
and historical information in-
dependent of my personal 
philosophy. During the past two 
years, I have encountered sound 
E'vidence on evolution I never 

boundaries between the maior 
taxonomic groups. The evolution 
occurring in the creation model is 
evolution within the basic forms, 
arising by the action of natural 
selection on the genetic potential 
of the original life forms. Since 
this is not evolution from phylum 
to phylum or from order to order, 
creation predicts no transitional 
forms . 

Given the rarity of benefical 
mutations and the drastic degree 

At UCSD, there i:; a "lack 
of awareness of the 

study of Special creation" 

sideri ng this, how then cou ld an 
abiotic system reach the low 
entropy state of a cell. It is 
supposed that ultraviolet light 
and electrica l discharges brought 
about the production of proteins . 
However this energy is too 
random . Living systems operate 
with small localized orderly 
releases of energy, not massive 
doses of random energy, which 
would be more likely to destroy 
the abiotic system than promote 
its development . In light of the 
second law of thermodynamics, 
entropy factors would have to 
bp overcome by an outside agent, 
a Creator 

Now, please consider 
probabdity factors . Great 
pr CISlon is required in the amino 
aCid equence of proteins and in 
the nucleotide sequence of 
nucleic acids for cor rect func-
tioning . Consider the synthesis of 
a protein contai ning 100 amino 
acids, with the possibility of 
placing one of twenty amino 
acids in each ' position. There are 
10 1]0 possible combinations. To 
visualize the immense number of 
possibilities, consider that if the 
known universe was packed full 
of electrons, it would contain no 
more than 10130 . What, then , is 
the probability of obtaining one 
functional protein? It is in-
finite imally non-existent. Now, 
consider the probability of ob-
taining the many other protein s 
(most of them containing more 
than 100 amino acids) and the 
nucleic acids with the correct 
sequences for even one fu nc-
tioning cell. Such unfavorable 
probabilities could only be 
overcome by an intelligent 
Creator. 

knew existed . As a result, I now 
see the theory of evolution as part 
of a larger, broader view of 
origins. As a scientist interested in 
origins, my objective is not to 
change the past, but rather to 
attempt to di cover what it was . 
Th iS has been a difficult objective 
to pursue at UCSD, due to a 
general lack of awareness of the 
theory of special creation, which 
is principle viab le alternative to 
evo lution . I would like to 
compare the two theories side by 
side and present evidence in 
fall or of creation . 

Evolution maintains that life 
arose from non-living matter due 
to the intrinsic properties of that 
matter and that all organisms are 
genetica lly related, with 
seemingly unlimited variation . 
Acco rding to evolution the 
lIarious forms of life have arisen 
through that action of natural 
selection of genetic variations . 
rlna lly , evolution predicts an 
abundance of transitional forms , 
or " missing links." 

Specia l creation asserts that l ife 
has arisen by the acfs of an in-
telligent Creator and that the first 
basic plant and animal forms 
po sessed the basic ordinal 
cha racteristics . Therefore, 
reation predicts the sudden 

appearance of a great variety of 
complex life forms with sharp 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sa\. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 
. -~ '" .- . 

EpsilON 

AlpltA 
BETA 

proudly announces ac-
ceptances of twenty-one 
winter quarter pledges to 
mem bersh ip . We wish to 
thank you for your service 
to the campus and the 
fraternity. New Pledges 
should attend tonights 
meeting - See meeting 
section . 

MemberShip 
Elections 
Spring mixer and party 
planning - bring $ • 
Committee assignments 

-

of mutation required , leaps of 
evolution seem highly unlikely. 
Surely the fossel record is best 
criteria by which to evaluate 
theories or origins . On the basis 
of the absence of transitional 
forms, which is in agreement with 

' special creation I submit that 
special creation is most con-
sistent with the fossil record . 

I he Oparin-Haldane theory of 
the abiotic origin of life is widely 
proclaimed at UCSD. Not once 
have I heard that this theory is in 
conflict with the second law of 
thermodynamics, which ac-
cording to none other than 
Halliday and Re nick states that , 
" A natural pro ess that starts in 
one equi librium state and ends in 
another will go in the direction 
that causes the entropy of the 
system plus the environment to 
increase." 

Living organisms survive 
because they possess the 
biochemical machinery which 
allows them to reverse the effects 
of the second law and they can 
use energy in an ordered fashion 
to direct growth , locomotion, 
reproduction , etc . Without this 
machinery, there would be no 
life ! According to the Oparin-
Haldan theory, the early abiotic 
sys tem did not posses the 
necessary machinery . Con-

There is more evidence for 
crea tion than space allows me to 
present, 0 in closing I will quote 
Darwin's concluding sentence in 
"The Origin of the Species", 
"There is grandeur in this vie'rll of 
life, with its several powers, 
having been origillally breathed 
by the Creator into a few forms or 
into one; and that, whilst this 
planet ha gone cycli ng on ac-
cording to the fixed law of 
gravity , from so imple a 
beginning endles form mo t 

'LI.. .C.cE. 7::,. Ca.mpt.u q:>~o9w.m :Boa.'ld pUJ.£nb. 
I • I I .. , hull 1< tilt I 
" ~ecital for Cello and 8 Dancers" 

"After Eden" 
"Concerto Grosso" 

performing : "Scotch Symphony" 
Wednesday, April 16, 1975 
Mandeville Auditorium 8:00 pm 
Staff Faculty:$4.50 
U.C.S.D. Student: $3.00 
General Adm.: $6.00 
Tickets available Student Center 
Box Office 
Tuesday thru Friday Noon-4:30 

Bob Woodward 
One of the two Washington Post reporters who brolce the 

Watergale 510ry, .Jnd cO-.luthor of the best-seller " All the 
President's Men," will be spe.lcing OIl UCSD on 

Tuesday April 22, 8 pm 
in the Mandet1ille Center Auditorium 

Tickets: $1 for all students 
$2 gelleral admiss;ool 

Buy tickets.t Student Center 1m. offiC'(' Tues-Fri 12 4.30 

beautiful and most wonderful 
have been, and are being 
evolved ." 

I believe that the Creator 
created many basic forms and 
that the evolution we have ob-
served has been evolution within 
the basic forms, directed by 
natural selection and limited by 
the original 'genetic potential. 
Darwin 's Galapagos finches are 
an outstanding example. Darwin, 
I believe is a great scientist and 
that his great di scovery is that of 
natural selection In view of the 
above eVidence, I believe that 
Special Creation, wIth its limited 
evolution , IS a more correct view 

of the course life has taken on 
thiS planet, then to c.ay that life 
has abiotic origins or that 
mammals evolved from reptiles 
or man and apes from some 
common ancestor Why has this 
evidence for special creation 
been Ignored at UCSDI Over a 
cen truy has passed since the 
theory of evolution was born 
Creation now has sound scientifiC 
evidence to back It up It IS now 
ready to take its rightful place In 
the c lassroom and to be 
presented With dignity and 
respect alongSide evolution, so 
that each individual can choose 
for himself I urge the University 
to conSider this In the name of 
academiC freedom 

Growth and Fulfillment 
Continued from Page 2 

Of!4anllatlons And , no list would b complete Without pral~lng 1arco 
LIMandrl , our local ex ternal affair coordinator He has done an p~­
(E' llent lob establishing lines of communication between UnIVf'r Ity 
... tudf'nts and the community HIS proJects have Included participating 
In local Town (ounct! meE' ttngs, lobbYing actively against unrestrtCtpd 
dE'velopmE'nts like the UniverSity Town Cent rand orth City Wf' t 
and ('ducating people on the 5an DIPgo airport 

\ l' t the oop does not only d al With the "polltlcal " a pects 0 1 the 
(ampus It IS Involv d In campu oClal activities. too - thp April 11 
( oop ('ollege All ampus Dance, for example 

In (oncluslOn, we have pent a great deal of time on the pragmatic 
accompli hments of the Coop- now we would like to mention a little 
abollt Its idea ls and dreams Wt'envision the coop as an €'xpertmpnt - a 
growing, changing, liVing €' ntlty In It first year It has Illade many 

nll~tilkes dnd had many problem Yet much good ha arisen trom 
these trial s and thp Coop does learn ItS lessons For months we argued 
about the IlRG but we were always able to get the actual allocating of 
tund don€' Granted , It took a great deal of our time but \<\,e . both as an 
organlLat loll and as IndiViduals , were learning - learning how to handle 
the allocation ot money, learning what flaws tn our consensual form 
need m odifICation. and t'vE'n I€'arnlng a little tact 

W(' have been growing, learntng. reallz Ing our Imp rfectlons cl nd 
tryln~ to find the best ways to cop With thE'm In all truth , the (oop I' 
,1 VNY personal t'xpertence. It IS a vt'ry human group The Coop has il 
,(' m C' of brotherhood . It IS likE' a tamt! WE' are iI ~rollp of kindred 
_plrit ... commltlE'd ('acrificlng Without any klOd of r ~numE'ratlon . unlikE' 
otht'r UC (ampusps) not only to our personal gratification hut d€'€'pl\ 
(ommlttpd to hE'lplng our fellow ,tud('nts 

4TH COLLEGE STUDENTS 
Come to 1 st meeting of your new government 

Thurs. 7 PM Atlantis Hall Lounge 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescrip ions filled 
contact I~nses fitted 
repairs 

hOUli mon.-Ill 1 
sal. 10·6 Closed sundays 

I"\"PTC' arena blvd. 

224-2974 



P.,efour 

Low 

by Ectw.rd Simons 

Friends .. ,1 decided to speak here only after much persuasion . Believe 
me, most of you weren't easy to persuade. So, if this speech crosses the 
border into ridiculicity, remember : 

Unaccustomed as you are to listening, either in public or private, I 
did think it might be worth the effort if the younger elements of this 
party learn by the accumulated experience I could relate-if I had it . 
Since I don' t have it, I thought I would discourse Instead on a problem 
that is rapidly reaching epidemic proportions , I am speaking, of course, 
about earwax. 

Why am I concerned about the scourge ot excessive wax build-up? 
When I hear that question, I feel I must refer people to the first page or 

~o of that Hemingway book where it says, "No man is an island," It's 
the part in italics. And I think it points out an underlying truth about 
human existence, after all , no man is an island . 

But to the pOint. If we who are gathered here tonight were to 
marshall our efforts, it's possible we cou ld stamp out this dread 
condition in our life times. Yet, I couldn't expect you to devote your 
life to the fight against earwax build-up Without knowing something 
about it, so let me tell you a little story ... 

A few years ago. a certain young man fe ll in love with an equally 
certain young lady, They certainly were happy, They were the very 
picture of togetherness, They liked the same things, ate the same 
things, even hachhe same diseases, Everything together. 

Of course, it wasn' t long before he suggestlJd to her that they have 
the same last name . Naturally, since he was a nice guy and had once 
fixed her windshield wipers, she agreed to marry him , 

Life was happiness distilled for our two lovers, who now spent the 
days planning the wedding and their future lives together. And then 
one night, as he was kissing her, he noticed a strange thing. He couldn' t 
remove his lip from her ear, 

Well. I suppose you've all guessed what happene~, After he 
detached his upper lip from her ear (with the aid of a butane cigarette 
lighter), he immediately called the doctor , 

I\las, i t was too late. she was dead within the hour. 

Friends that young man was me, Two weeks after my wife-to-b 
died, I went to see the doctor . " Doctor," I asked him. " why did she 
'die?" He replied that the reason was that she had too much earwax . 
Naturally. I asked what the connecti on was with wax build-up and 
death " Beyond the fact that there is a high correlation between earwax 
and deaths that have no obvious cause, we know little," he said , Until 
recently . these deaths were attributed to melancholia , old age, or heart 
fa ilure-'natural causes' . But just recently we found out what to look for , 
even if we don·t know exactly why it kills . That's why she croaked, Mr . 
Simons. Too much earwax ," 

But how much is too much, I asked him "You never know unttl it kills 
you." he replied , "Then it's too late. It's different f('; everybody," 

So, fnend s, I wish to pass on to you the advice the good doctor gave 
to me ' Clean your ears_ Clean your ears and keep them clean . Your life 
may depend on it. Further more, I ask you to join me in fi ghting this 
scourge and wiping it off the face of the earth . I need your help and I 
need your money. I need your money for re earch Into the mechanism 
of this cond ition , I need your money to finance the development of ear 
cleani ng attachments for electric toothbrushes and mixers, I need your 
money for candle wicks , 

There are many children. thousa nds of children out there across the 
nation-all with filthy ears. They constitute the greatest si ngle threat to 
the survival of the race yet to hit the fan. Look in the obituary columns. 
How ma ny people do you read about who all died of what their 
families claimed to be " natural causes?" Natural causes my ear! You 
cou ld wax surfboards with their heads_ And is it any coincidence that 
the same people who support euthanasia also tell us never to put , 
anything sharper in our ears than our elbows? I think not, friends . The 
word is out. Excessive earwax build-up is this nation's biggest killer , 

So, keep the fires burning friends, and never relax your vigilance for 
a minute. Earwax is the silent killer of young adults . It is perfidious and 
easy to forget about. I know, I keep remembering that last night with 
my would-be w ife, and how surprised I was. when all the time , ,it was 
right under my r.ose , 

............ "-~ ...................... -" ........ 
, ....... -.. ""-

An • dip. "w.. liberal art, col. ond 9' ........ K'-I (ll'on~ng • A , M" De, 
Qreet; r .. dutMJ :~II,i,; Cen,ftc.'ft In 1,.",".1101"1 MWJ Interpr ... tion Ac,redl,ed 
by the W .. _ "acc.a'''''' of ScI>ooI. and Col ••• C."fom •• 5,.10 lIoo,d 01 
fdu<l1IafI. \I....,." "pprowd 

COIIII'AlAlM ..... __ 1'tUnC1 

-,,-
=::..-
-cw-
......... -
'-

-
-

_. 
.... 

--
~. 

-
--

_ ... - ._- ..... 
ANN M. THURBER WILL BE VISITING UCSD ON 
THURSDAY, APRIL 10 , 2;00-5:00 p.m, PLEASE 
MAKE APPOINTMENTS IN CAREER PLACEMENT OFF 

Triton Times 

EOP ... 
Continued from Page 1 

with an annual income of S9<XJO 
or less , He said 65 per cent of the 
EOP students in 1974-75 met 
University admi sion 
requirements while the remaini,ng 
35 \J~I cent fai led to meet 
standards only slightly , 

When Assemblyman Peter 
Chacon (D-San Diego) asked how 
many of the accepted EOP 
students failing to meet 
academic standards were 
athletes, Johnson replied , "Sir , I 
don't'have the faintest notion ," 

"Well , they probably weren't 
Chicanos," Chacon said, "We just 
don't have that ki nd of muscle," 
Chacon said the number of 
Chicanos in the state should 
correspond to the number of 
Chicanos in the University and 
criticized the University for the 
current disparity , 

Adolf Lemus, Research 
Associate for the UC Chicano 
Steering Committee , told the 
subcommittee that 15 per cent of 
California 's population is 
Chicano, yet only four per cent of 
University students come from 
Spanish-speaking backgrounds, 

"Something is Wrong, .. " 
"Chicanos simply aren 't where 

they ought to be," Chacon said , 
"Something is wrong somewhere, 
If something isn't done, there will 
be more members of the Spanish-
speaking population on welfare 
and unemployment." He said he 
would refuse to vote for state 
funding of EOP until he was 
assured the University would 
improve its minority recruitment 
program . 

Hamerl i ng said he foresees 
"rough sledding" for EOP in the 
Senate , despite the Assembly 
subcommittee's decision , 

LA JOLLA AUTO BODY. 
FACTORY BAKED AUTO PAINTING 

BODY AND FENDER REPAIRING 
!iI6 PEARL STREET 

LA JOLLA. CALIF. 92037 __ 211' 

Wednesday, April 9. 1975 

Coop Reporter 

COOp Dance Scheduled 
An all -campus dance, spon-

sored jOintly by the Student 
Cooperative and Muir, Third and 
Revelle Colleges, is scheduled for 
this Friday in the Revelle Plaza 
from 6 pm to 2 am, According to 
planners , two bands and 
members of the Musician's Guild 
will perform . 

••• 

On Saturday, outspoken Bay 
Area Assemblyman John 
Va ~once llos . often a stern critic~ 
of the University of California, 
will speak on " P!,!sonal Political 
Networks" at 1: 30 pm in the 
student center conferen ce room , 

••• 

The Coop's action center on 
Appointments and Evaluations 
involved .in a study of the faculty 

hir ing and tenure system, will 
meet today at 3 pm on the 
second floor of the student 
center , 

••• 

Coop Internal Affairs Coor-
dinator Myrna Pascual , interested 
in instituting free birth control 
service at UC San Diego. will 
meet with interested students on 
Tuesday at 4: 30 pm under the 
student center game room , 

••• 

Th Pol itical Science Student 
Union will meet today at 3 pm in 
the Blake Hall Conference Room, 

... 

The Coop will sponsor an 
" open mike " sess ion every 
Monday in the Revelle Plaza for 
discussion of any topics that 
might be raised , 

Enrollment Stable Since '64 
Enrollment at UC San Diego .has been fairly stable since 1964, when 

Reverie opened with a grand total enrollment of 181. When Muir 
college opened with an enrollment of 398 in 1967, Revelle's had risen 
to 1709, By the time Third College opened in 1970 with an enrollment 
of 168, Revelle's and Muir's enrollment had increased to 2,239 and 
1,887, respectively. When Fourth college opened this fall with 453 
students, Muir's enrollment of 3, 130 undergraduates finally surpassed , 
the original college of UCSD. Revelle . which had 2,524 un-
dergraduates, th is fall. 

Every year from fall to spring, the enrollment always drops by ap-
proximately 400 students , 

(IJ 
'-

~ 
U 
-~ 
1.1.1 

.KI V:P .& STOB. 
Spring Ski Sole 
All new clothing and 
skiis at rock-bottom 

7722 FAY AVENUE fa SKI fE ANd HIKE 4~4-1410 

~~ tfCDW UOO~~[1~~q) 
~lU~~~(!4 ~~~~~CD~~ 

Summer Session Catalogs are now available at the Summer Session Office. 101 Matthews 
Campus (second floor) . If you would like one sent to you, please ca ll (71 4) 452-4364 
There are many new and exciting cou rses being offered this coming summer, The Drama 
Department is offering "Transactional Ana lysiS and Drama" taught by Fanita English , 
Trustee and Teaching member of International Transactional Analysis Association , 
Students may earn four units of credit In either Psychology or Drama by taking this 
cou rse, 
There are many more classes being offered , Why don't you ca ll today for your atalog 
and registration form? 

BORED OF REGENTS? 
APPLICATIONS ARE NOW BEING TAKEN FOR THE POSITION OF STUDENT REGENT /II 

bv the Stud.nt eo...". end th."fedu.t. Stlldent COlinollin the Student Or"an/zatlon. Offlce. 2nd floor In the 
Student Center; com. on III' for fllrther Informetlon ... 

Thepe"on who Is chosen will become the FIAST .tud.nt m.mber ofth. Bt»rd o( R."en,.. 
THE RE FORE : All currently .nroll.d Ifud.nts, who will a fiend e U. C, campus n.d VHr. eretlltcour."ed 

toepplv , 

MAJOR CR I TE RIA: Time commitment. and e"pertl •• 'n , tat.wlde Unlver./ry i ...... tMt affect students . 
Th.se/SSUE Sinclude. but er. not IImlt.d to: 

finanel./ald 
In.truetlona/lmpravem""t 
student ''''''ce • 
afflrmatlv •• etlon 
1."Ie/.tI"e find 01 CIImputl r."ul.tlon. 
concwnln"student rl"hts 

APPLICATIONSDEADLINE ISAPRIL 1J.ISDr,y. butttr.,. · •• ,_y •• d_detell 
AIIP//t:ants will k "f~ bv r- r .. ,_t_lneUn" t:_mlul .... .. t:h _IIWH "'.n emtIw",.dllflte 

.nd a .redw'. atlltlMr from .. t:h t:.mpllt. U. C, Sltn 01_ will llev. r- r __ feUv .. , _ """.,,,,.duefe 

.nd on • • r.d ... te, on tM Slwthwn R .. I_I Nomlnetln. C«rtmlulon. 

SO. If ,OII-'d Iflte to k _ tlte nomine tin. _mluiOll. y.,.. AL SO need to _ • .., .n •• , .. "_. SA_ 
PLACE . SAME DEADLINE .... ....... . 

William Tim Read, Harpsichordist 

Music: Daniel Shawler 

La Jolla Sinfonia 
I.ast Saturday night the La jolla Sinfonla pre ented " Five Hundred 

)f'iUS of K yboard Music" featuring Willi am Tim Read at the harp-
'Ichord and ( Iavlchord The u e of the claVi chord ilS a concert in-
, Irumrnt was an Interesting and well received concept in pite of a lack 
01 eveness by the perform£'r 

Read opened the concert at the harpsichord . giVing exceedingly 
sloppy performances of Valente's " La Romanesca" and Byrd 's "La 
Volta;" both contained many wrong notes and poorly executed rhyth-
ms After tha.t. however, the concert became much smoother. and in 
parts. quite xciting. Read used his clavichords for two series of short 
pieces; the first set by pre-Baroque composers and the second set by a 
seemingly unrelatecl group of pre-Baroque. Baroque, and modern 
composers. The claVichord is a small. intimate instrument impossible 
to hear from across a room . a fact aptly demonstrated by Read in one 
of the concerts lighter moments , To overcome this obstacle, the 
clavi chords were amplified through a close microphone placement. 
The resu lting sound was remarkably good even though Read had to 
combat an annoying whistling sound (which was not due to the 
elec trical equipment) that at one point held up the concert for a 
couple of minutes, Read's performance on the clavichord showed that 
he had an obvious love for the instrumpnt and po se ed a fine mastery 
of all the subtle nuances such as the bebung , The fine t part of the 
night came with Read's use of specia l effects during the simple, 
medita tive " Improvisa tion on a Japanese Folksong" by carl etti. 

It 'eemf'd as though the remaining hilfp .. ichord pi Cf'S wpre ( ho~en 
(l ~ exhibitions of Read 's diff rent artistiC dbtlitl t', In),S Ilclc h 's" ~ rl'nch 
'>u ltr." Read madr u~e of the octave {oupling~ to C'x ploit thp harp-
'> Ichord and creatr d quasi pi ano-forte pffpc.t " Variat ions on a I rench 

"on~" (Ahl Vous Dlrai -Jf' Maman) by I.C I Bach provided a ~how PI(,C(' 
lor Read\ .. kill In IlclrO<']ue ornam£'ntatlon The final piece on the 
prow am. Ja cques Dlinphly'~ "Medee." was a fla ~ hy work wpll suitpd lor 
.1 {oncprt finale Howev('r thp actua ilinair ca mp dUring Read 's spcond 
l'I1(Ore. a ScarlE'tti Sonatel fi llf'd wi th the lamous tlollfl sh(,s and hand 

(ro~si ngs a 0 iatf'd With IhE' comro~er. 111 whi ch I{pad litl'rally pulled 
ou t .til the ~ top~ 

1 hI' overall ('ffpct of Read 's (OneNt ~ as fclVorablf' d('~plt(' cI fl'w 
problplm , I11mt of which' could b(' OV('fCOIlH' by more practlc!' .lntl 
1l1f'l1loriling the muSIC Th E' llnlQU(' (onc('pt 0 1 til(' (on('[t, .1lmmt 
pdlt(<l tlonal in It, "COPl'. i .. onl:' wl'lI worth Read ... (·ffort, to promotp, 
.Ind \\'(,11 worth thl' conc rtg()('r'~ timp to .1ttrnd 

')~ .. OJ- .-9 
00"* 

---"'J 1,\.4 ~! 

Triton Times Page five 

Breuggen Vows Never to 
Return to' Mandeville Auditorium 

by Stephen Crane 
Art. Writer 

I rans Brueggen. perhaps the world 's foremost 
master of that most anCient of Wind instrum!'nts . 
the rf'corder, and hiS favorite accompani st Alan 
CLlrtls. ~ave a recital last Sa turday evening 10 the 
MandE'v ilie ('l'nter Auditorium, 

Untortunately , Brueggen was not at hi best on 
aturday night His music IS exc lusively the 

chamher musIc of the ea rly eighteenth century (a l ~ 
.,i x (omposer r presented on the program we re 
I ontl'mporartes. and wrote eluring thdt period) , But. 
In d 'c hamber' the SIZ of Mand v tlle CrntN 
I\uditorium. al l the intImacy of his pNformance 
was lost. Pitted agai nst the dull roar of the air-
I onditioners and the dismal acousti cs. the sound of 
Ihe recorder and harpsic hord seemed too small to 
fill the dud ltorium, Brueggen was more than a little 
lIpset about the conditi ons Backstage, after the 
('oncert. he vow d he wou lei n Vf'r olay there again 

The recorder IS a unique Instrumpnt Its 
mechanica l simplicity makes It extrem('ly difficult 
to play well (on the o ther hand, plaYln~ It badly 
requir 5 almo t no skill whatsoC'ver ) Brue~gen 's 
breath contro l , as he descrtbE's It, IS almo t a vocal 
tt'chnique HIS ommand of the timbre and limit d 
dynamiC range of thE' recorder IS truly amaztng HIS 
lones are always rlE'ar, pure. and 010 t remarkab le 
of all . invariab ly in tune 

The acoustical problems becamp evieient Im-
nwdlately tn the first piece. the onata In D Malor 
for Al to Rec order and Harp ichord of Georg 
Philippe Telemann ThiS sonata I quit£' typical of 
Tpl emann's .,010 works it IS In four movements. 
.. low-fa t-s low-fast. and the accompanlm nt IS 
always subservient to the strong melody line, With 
the ('XCE'ptlon of a couple of over-blown notes. 
I\rueggen handled the fiendishly diffi cult 010 part 
\'\Ith gr at facility, but somehow, he was unable to 
build up the momentum or tntensity that a gleat 
performance requires 

I or the ~econd part of the program. the ac-
companis t Alan Curt iS. presently a professor of 
music at Berkeley. becam thE' <;oloist briefly. as he 
played two mall harpSichord pieces of jean 
Philippe Rameau. The fi rst . a minuet. was mE'rely 
light. airy. and charming. but the second was 
~weep i ng and powerful in a very small - ca le. tn-
des ribabl e sort of way However. Curt is' graceful 
performance wa s impaired by the shortcomings of 
the harpsichord supplied him by U 0 Its timbre 
was badly muffled In general . and the bass was 
Inadequate at best. Both performers roundly 
condemned the Instrument af tN the conc('rt 

I\ftE'f the RamC'au. Brueggen returned . thiS lime 
beanng an exqu isite elghtf'f'nth century Baroqu 
f lute made ('ntl rely 01 Ivory ThiS. by the way. wa 
the only oril,li nal Ins trum E' nt "he lIsed all evening 

Side Door Hosts 
Bluegrass Band 

Squatters' Rites. a popular five-
pi ece bluegrass and country 
band. will open a new week ly 
entertainmpnt series tonite at 
8 :30 pm at the Revel le Side Door_ 

According to .,tudent coor-
dinator Ron MI ggiano "W e hope 
to appeal to the greater San Diego 
audi E' nce as well dS the campus 
community " ThiS quarter . we are 
bringing in some really superior 
tal ent from both our own ampu 
and the surround ing community 

Squatters' Rites ha mad 

Brul'ggen ('xplain(>d later that hf' " ilf'a ld to carry 
,lny ot hiS (oll('ctlon of olel woodpn r('corder\ With 
him whf'n hp travels - thl'Y are too I'astly ruined by 
adverse wpather condltion~ nllke It~ offspring, 
thl' modern flutf' . the Baroque for tranwE'rSf') flute 
has (l conical bore. and 1\ almost totally free of 
hardware Thf' occasIOn for thiS unusual Instrumpnt 
was thf' grrat H Minor Sonata for lranwerse flute 
and Harpwhord of johann Sebastian Bdch . Bach's 
\onata ('mphaslled counterpOint to a much greatpr 
('x tpnt than did Telemann's Th C'nsE'mbl plaYing 
of Bruegg n dnd 'UrlIS was f'xcellent. and did full 
lustlce to thf' pxtraordtnary Interplay of the part 
Unfortunatrly . many of the subtle tlmbral shadings 
that are unlqu(' to the Baroque flute rand that Bach 
used to ,>uch I,lredt advantage) ~erf' lost In the 
muddle of thE' acoustics 1 he hall also tended to 
'>wallow ,>omp of the flute's low notes entirely 
I\rurggl'n did the best he could undf'r the CIr-
cumstances, but the Inten Ity and drama of th 
>\ork .. uffered conSiderably 

Aiter the IntermiSSion (while pE'opl were ~ ttll 
filing ba k Into their seats), CurtIs played another 
~olo harp ichord piece. the Ordre XVIII of franCais 
(oupertn ThiS suite IS an excellent E'xamp le of 
(oup rin 's rl gant french BaroquE' keyboard 
mUSIC SomE'how, he manages a remarkable 
amount of variety Within a very limited Idiom. The 
plf'ce IS composed of eight small movem€'nt With 
('~OtIC name's -- Le Tic-toc-choc ou les Matllotlns, Le 
r.a lilard-boiteux. Soeur Monlque. E'tc Curtis 
brought out the odd rhythms and ornamentation 
admirably 

1 he la~t PIPC!' on the program was the Sonata In 
C lor oprano Recorder and HarpSichord of 
Phtlibprt de Ldvigne The music of thiS obscure 
I rench composer IS strictly a ~howca~e tor the 
rl'corder Th(' nwlodlc flow IS continuous and qUite 
powerful at tlm('s. particularly In thE' COttl h sort 
of dan e In rondo form at the nd of the onata 

r or an encore (I hat almost did not hapPE'n). 
Brueggc>n and Curtis played the DIVISIon on an 
italian Ground of Robert Carr ThiS delicate senes 
of vartatlons l)ave IlrueggE'n a chance to display hi 
mastery of the Ilaroque style of ornamentation HI~ 
('motional tnvolvement "'Ith the tiny oprano 
recordpr was a pleasure towatch and listen to 

1\11 In all , It was qUite a memorable recital , 
despi te everything But, It could have been much. 
much beltpr under the proper performance con-
clition It I unfortunate. to a the least that uch 
a rplatt ely minor mattN as the dlmE'n Ions of the 
(oncert hall ca n make ~uch a great dlff renc In the 
Itnal outcomE' of d concert flut . It I tru n ver-
thell' " . dnd the people who plan such thtngs 10 the 
lutur!' oughl to take matters of thIS sort morE' 
( arl'fu Ily IOta conSideration 

~everal appearances at UCSD, 
The concert i free and open to 
the public . but according to 
Maggiano. "You 'd best come 
('arly - we expect a big crowd for 
this one " 

Ray Charle . appean'nlt in concert for one performance Wed-
nesdu.y. Apnl9. 8:30 pm In Golden Hall. downtown 'an Diego , 

• non~rofit 
publl, 'trylct 

'9I"CY 

Birth 
Control 
Institute 

• Counseling 

• Pregnancy Testing 

• Abortion 

• Birth Control 

• Vaec:tomy 

• Fem." Steriliz.tion 
c,,11 BCI 'or 

confident ial nsistance 
(71412836351 

1-(7 14) S6(}.5757 

SONY TC-210 $)19.00 
LiST 
BROUGhT 

TO you by 
SUPERSCOPE 

More than a tope decl~ 
a tru.ly COMPLETE tope system 

Latlol\s ~1 uslc 
1128 Wall 
439·3315 



f'I 

I hear that spring quarter at 
UCSD is the easie_t of the year, 
due I suppose, to soft breezes, 
long days, and air of general 
giddiness that accompanies the 
new season. To celebrate the 
prospects of both the season and 
the lazy days ahead, I suggest you 
get out and enjoy some unique 
gallery show, and an unusual 
play. Do something different.. .. 

I t just happens that I have a 
whole collection of things tha t 
you might check out. 

A one-woman drama 
production entitled "Walk 
Together Children " will be 
presented by Vinnie Burrows at 8 
pm Friday in Crossmont College 
Student Center. 

Also of interest to women is the 
new film series being presented 
Tuesday nights in the Revelle 
Cafeteria . The series is sponsored 
by the W'Omen's Center, and will 
present" Daisies- A Tale of Two 
Women looking For Adventure" 
and "Cleo From 5 to 7" (the life of 
a woman from 5 to 7 pm after she 
receives the results of a cancer 
test) on April 15. On April 22, the 
feature will include 7 short films 
by joyce Wieland, one of the 
leading fi 1m makers from Canada. 

A new spring film erie at the 
Museum of Man featuring the arts 
and crafts of American Indians 
will begin this Saturday at 1.00, 
2:00, and 3:00 i n the Action 
Room. 

Showing April 13 is "Maria of 
the Pueblos" in which Maria 
Martinez, one of the world's most 
popular potters, demonstrates her 
step-by-step process. She also 
presents the Indian art 
philosophy, and explains how she 
has promoted Indian art in this 
country. 

The romantic drama "Abelard 
and Heloise" is now being 
presented at the Old Globe 

Aart-'Vark 
by Elinbeth Chim~t 

A .... writ8r 

Theatre in Balboa Park . Cuest 
director Robert Bonaventura has 
staged the classic love story to 
run five weeks, through May 4. 

The Fine Arts Callery, also in 
Balboa Park, has a number of very 
fine shows 'On display featuring 
the San Diego Art Guild's juried 
exhibition of paintings, scu lpture, 
and graphics. japanese screens 
and costumes from Gallery and 
local collections are also on 
display at this time. 

Criffin Art Editions Gallery, The 
Old Market, 1010 First Stre t, 
Encinitas, will exhibit watercolors 
by Robert Perine through May 2. 
The one-man exhibit 
" Geoglyphica Revisited" will 
feature Perine's large format 
paintings . " Ceoglyphica" is the 
artist's term for the world of forms 
created by the earth processes, 
which are echoed in his water-
colors . 

April 8 through 27, Triad 
Callery will present a one-person 
show by Mandy Livingston . For 
this exhibition, the artist has 
chosen to show mixed media, oil 
paintings and intaglio prints . 
Although her paintings would not 
be called representational , they 
are derived from objects and 
landscapes . 

Museum of Contemporary Art 
in La jolla, concurrent exhibitions 
by Marcia Hafif and Stephen 
Rosenthal opened in the 
downstairs gallery. Hafif works in 
oil on stretched canvas, and 
concentrates on the even passage 
of a small brush across the 
surface, resulting in a surface 
which conceals nothing about its 
constructi on . Hafif's paintings 
are each of one color, existing 
collectively yet having separate 
and unique identities . 

Rosenthal is concerned wltl 
the us'e of line. Using unstretche( 
canvas stained with a pal. 
monochromatic wash of indi, 

If-(II.,If:§ c;r 4 If:> .tl(:,1 '11 (I [l'tllJII(Jr 
. ~\IIII •• tll 

3:30-5:30 H L Auditorium 
Dr, Wayne Lester will speak on 

"Creation, Evolution and Biology" 

8-11 pm Revelle Cafeteria 
Dr. Duane Gish will lecture on "Creation 

. , 

Evolution and the Fossil Record " 
Professor Harold Slusher will give a 
"Critique on Radiometric Dating " 

I 

THURSDAY, APRIL 10 
7 :30 and 9:30 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
~~ .00 

Triton Times 

ink, he manipulates the canvas 
surface by systematically scoring 
parallel lines, in long free-hand, 
and uses the canvas ' weave to 
help guide the path of his pencil. 

" An Evening of Musical 
Drama", featuring works of in-
ternationally known dramatist 

Father Lawrence Waddy, will be 
presented for students only in a 
pecial performance Friday April 

16 at 5 pm. Special student rate is 
only $2.00. 

Two of Fr. Waddy's most 
popular dramas- " Jonah," and 
"The Prodigal Son" , in addition 
to a narration entitled " Vietnam 

~arable" wi II be presented . . 

rr . Waddy is a faculty lecturer 
in Greek and Latin literature here 

Wednesday, April 9, 1975 

Musician -Sci en tist Clynes to 
Perform 'Diabelli Variations' 

" .. ... 1 am truly grateful to you 
for the great pleasure which your 
playing has given me .. . " wrote 
Einstein and " ....... friendship with 
you has become one of the finest 
conquests of my life ... " wrote 

Manfred Clynes 
Pablo Casals about 
(lynes, pianist who is 
combination . of 
musician and scientist. 

Manfred 
a unique 
eminent 

'Hungarian countryside. Inspired 
by the disaster, the published 
Diabelli composed a waltz and 
sent it to 30 of the best com-
posers of the time with a request 
to write a variation of it for 
publication in a collection which 
would be sold for the benefit of 
victims of flood. Schubert and 
the teenaged liszt, among others, 

. sent in their variations, which 
were published. Beethoven was 
not heard from. Two years later 
he returned not one variation--
but 33. His longest work for 

pi~no-but not for the benefit of 
the victims of the disaster . 

at UCSD. and a staff member at . 
t. james by-the-Sea Church In La . Clynes. who ' IS currently 

lolla . The performances will be enga.ged In research at th,: UCSD 
held in the Immaculta Chapel, MUSIC Department, wrll give San 
Linda Vista Road , University of Diego audiences a chance to 
San Diego. f.or further in - concur With Einstein and Casa~s 
formation , regular performance In. a ~onc:rt. of Beethoven s 
dates and prices / you may call Fr . Dlabelh Varlaho~s Friday, April 
Waddy at ext.3210 or the Dept of 11, . at 8:00 0 clock In ~he 

Performance of the Diabelli 
Variations is only for theintrepid -· 
because of its complexity as well 
as its length . (65 miriutes-a 
concert in itself). A Renaissance 
man, Manfred Clynes is equal to 
the challenge . The list of his 
accomplishments is long :. he was 
recognized as a leading figure In 
Australian musical life, where he 
performed In solo concerts and as 
solOist with the Melbourne 
Symphony in major music 
centers and over ABC ; he played 
to capacity audiences in the 
Royal Festival Hall of London, at 
the Berkshire Festiva l , and 
performed with Pablo Casals In 
Puerto Rico--to name but a few . 
I n additIOn to being a perform r, 
Clynes i composer, poet, author, 
lectur r. 

ReligiOUS AffairS 452-2521 auditOrium of the MandeVille 
, . Center . 

Finally, for music buffs . som 
Interesting concerts coming up. A 
jazz restival and jazz workshops 
will be held at Southwestern 
College Campus, Friday. Don Ellis 
will be in concert Saturday night 
at 7.30 on that campus in con-
junction with the Festival. The 
Old Hat Band and cowboy singer 
Clenn Orlin will present concerts 
at 6 pm Friday and Saturday at 
r olk Arts, 3743 Fifth Ave. 

Now, go celebrate .... 

I nspiration for the composit ion 
was sparked by a flood which 
devastated a 'vast area of the Continued on Page 7 

COME CElEbRATE 
ISRAEli INdEPENdENCE DAY 

SAT. 12 ApRil 7PM MANdEVillE CENTER 

SiNGERS 
DANCERS 

Food 
UJS planning meeting toniQht 7 PM Student Center (upstairs) 

Union of J_i.h Stud.nt. 

MANNY FARBER'S 
CLAssic WORk 

Originally published 
in cloth under the title 

'NEGATIVE SPACE' 
Now in paper 

at only $3.95 
WHILE THEY LAST! ' 

~()VIIS 
by 

MANNY FARBER: 
"Cranky, eccentric, razor-sharp 
in his perceptions and ... never 
less than brilliant." 

PETER BOGDANOVICH 

Now at the University [3ool~store 

Wednesday, April 9, 1915 

Coop. · · 
Continued from Pile 1 

The controversy concerni ng 
the wording of the rf'ferendum 
ciid not fully materialize. 

Anli-Racism Rally Endorsed 
The Coop. also approvea an 

endorsement for the Students 

Clynes • • • 
Continued from Page (, 

11(' wa, chief rf' earch ~clentlst 
,lOd Dlr ctor of the Hiocybern tic 
Laboratory at Rockland State 

Ho~pital whf're he developed a 
new Instrument, the sentograph, 
which allow~ pre ise emotion 
( ommunl atlon form to be 
measured and produced Clynes 

,ll ~o Inve tlgated a number of 

USIU Law School 
Continued from Page 2 

completed in the mid sixties for a 
total cost of S8 million . 

7. Finally, Weckstein says that 
the Board of Directors 9f the San 
Diego Bar Association "did not 
support the bill to acquire the Cal 
Western Campus," but only 
"endorse(d) it in principle with .. 

express qualificatiom." Well, I 
am not sure I understand the 
distinction between supporting 
the bill and endorsing it in 
principle . However, Weckstein 
should have also mentioned that 
the qualifications were added to 
mollify a strong USD lobby. 

There is no doubt that 
California Western Law School 

notices 
AMERICAN GRAFFITI NIGHT · April 25. 
8 p.m. - M.ln gym. Ho.t. will b. 
Hud.on & Bau.r from KFMB. MUlle, 
dance eontnta, &0'. dr ... cont •• tl. $1 
Proc •• d. to U. Ch.ne.llor Murllhy·. 
Speci.1 Stud.nt S.rvie .. Fund. X4038 
lor info. f41251 

Wed .. Apirl , 12 noon "Low Reynold. 
Number Flows" USB 212214191 

TALENT SHOW · May 3 . C .. h llri .... 
Tryout. will b. held - Stop bv R.v.U. 
R.sid.nt D •• n'. Dfflc. by April 11 for 
i"lo. 14191 

Mandevill. Art Oall.ry. Miriam 
Sch.plro: Th. Shrln. .nd Th. 
Dollhou •• -u ,.troll.ctlv ••• hlbltlonl . 
April 1-27. ' Gall.ry hOUri ar. Sunday 
through Frld.y 12·5. (412111 

Committee Again~t " RaCism's 
(SCAR) protest rally scheduled 
for April 16 . . Thls demonstration 
featuring sp akl'rS from variou~ 

organi/atlon~ , I~ part of a 
nationWide prot st currently 
taking place In cities' ~uch as 
Bmton and Pasadena . 

lunciamental aspect of the 
procP,>smg and Interpreting of ,ound~ hy tf1'e brain . His 
rll~coverles Include a basic 
biological law of om-
mUnicatlon Currently, Clynes is 
conducting resf'arch on the 
biologiC, ommuflication func-
tion and volutlon of laughter . 

The concert is free and open to 
the publi c 

will benefit substantially through 
the Hastings purchase proposed 
In Assembly Bill 810. But a 
Hastings-San Diego will also be a 
substantia l asset to the legal 
community , the academic 
community and to the com-
munity-at-Iarge _ The only vocal 
opposition to the bill has come 
from other law schools in San 
Diego. One wonders why the 
Dean of the University of San 
Diego Law School is spending so 
much time and energy lobbying 
against Hastings-San Diego. Is he 
really altruistically concerned for 
UCSO students who he feels are 
unable to "realize the full impact 
of the bill?" . 

JIM HERMAN 

Trid.nt Chrl.ti.n F.IIOW.hill ..... IS 
tonight at 7:30 in the R.v.lI. Fromal 
loung • . Ev.ryon. w.lcom.lf4", 

UCSD CHESS NUTS m •• t thl. Thurl. at 
3:00 in the Student C.nt.r for info 462-
40211 W.d. 1:00-12:00 f4191 
UC Lobby Ann •• m •• ting Fri .. 4 pm, 
2nd floontud.nt c.nt.r. Discu •• lon of 
lobby conf.r.nc. In Saer.mento and 
ref.rendum. (41111 
For all tho .. who mi •• ed the me.ting 
lor thtt UCSD T.nni. Club, th.,. will be 
another m •• ting on Wed,April '.t5 pm 
in the Reere.tion Gym Conf.renc. 
Room. f4191 
NEWMAN CLUB · M.eting & Dinner at 
the Univer.ity Luth.rn Church. Pi .... 
bring 50c lor the dinner. 
Communion · 5:30 pm 
Dinner · 6:00 pm f41111 
ALL ARE INVITED TO THE CHRISTIAN 
SCIENCE ORG Thur • . 7 PM Black ConI. 
Room (4191 

~ -./" IN CONCERT /" - ;:;----=:. 
MARCH 25 

APRIL 12 

APRIL 19 

APRILU 

MAY 7 

MAV29 

OHIO PLAYERS 
GRAHAM CENTRAL STATION SPORTS ARENA 

RETURN TO FOREVER GOLDEN HALL 
WITH CHICK COREA 

ELEVENTH HOUSE WITH LARRY CORYEll 
CHARLES LLOYD QUARTET 

AVERAGE WHITE BAND ucso 
WITH LES McCANN 

HERBIE HANCOCK 
AND SUPPORTING ACT 

WEATHER REPORT 
BILLY COBHAM 

JEFF BECK 
MAHAVISHNU ORCH. 

WITH JOHN /lfe LAUGHLIN 

GOlDEN HALL 

CIVIC THEATfJI 

GOLDf:.N HALL 

lOR '190 \\- ... 1\1 (")U)f""H~1 ., , .. (I". n.Ana fn"l\"'1)"'1I0",~ Ik ",ll, ,,\\11 ,,,,r''' 1l ""1lt~r U"'-"IfH I ... "" RU OHn, 1'\1 '< 'lAo"'" ~ 
I 'It I"!! '" (,nn'. h \M'" HI {PMI)', IN 0 U 1111 (.11 
11 0 -" 'ItfK'11 I~ ~ f\ I \ ""I"''' MI -..1( M.\l III" 
, ,.,I'I\HI> "(I 80"\ I~ " l UNntI K) " 11 \I, 

MI~'"I1II }'j; Ml~l '1 '- ~I '" 

1I0U'\ 1\ .... It \f (L""" Itfl" u,"(1 Q( 
"'I1M't r. N.L flHA,,,"" H .... .", ~H' ,fO"''' fClfi 
"it)ftl l'4t(l l U llf;.",O 

r 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

. I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Triton Times 

_.~tor\Wt 
~\ p~ .. --\ For 
Univenity" State 
Employees Only. 
If you are paying money on any of 

the below, your U.S.E. Credit Union 
will probably save you money! 

o Auto Loan o Consolidation Loan 
o Home Improvement o Master Charge 
o Mobile Home Loan o BankAmericard 
o Recreational Vehicle Loan o Department Store & 
o Signature Loan o Other Credit Cards 

Since your credit union offers loan rates that often beat the 
competition, there's a good chance if you were to ref inance any 
of the above loans through your Univers ity and State Em-
ployees Credit Union you could save a bundle in interest. The 
procedure to find out is painless. Call or viSit your U.S.E. Cred it 
Union. Just have a general idea of your existing monthly pay-
ments per loan and/or the amount you have left to pay (knowing 
the annual percentage rate will help, but if you don't know, 
that's ok). 

Then if we can save you money we wil l. And if we can't, we'll 
say so. You see, we're YOUR credit union and and we're here to 
help. 

[1[]~~ <k> NCUA 
CRED~~NIDN 

. r University' State EmployHS (red~, '!!a!!! 
5555 Mildred Sireet 5191 College Avenue UCsD Campus, Lyman 
San D.ego. 92110 San Diego. 92115 at Miramar Rd. 

2117-11. 211'-4210 La Joila . 92037 
453-5e20 

P~ge seven 
-, 

------~-------------------------------

WHATEVER HAPPENED 
TO BANKER'S BOIlRS?? 

At La lolla Bank & Trust Company 
th.ere are 51 hours of full serVlce 

ba~king each week. 

Monday through Thursday 
Friday 
Saturday 

8:00 AM - 5:30 PM 
,8:00 AM - 6:00 PM 

, 

9:30 AM -12:30PM 

YOU CAN BANK AT YOUR CONVENIENCE ... 
ON YOUR WAY TO WORK ... 
ON YOUR WAY HOME ... 
IF ova .AN" IS yev • • ANK. 

THAT'S JrlHAT HAPPENED TO BAN"E.'S .01l8S. 
THEY'ARE NOJrl PEOPLE'S aovas. 

Pro.p«/ .. ItlGltlttlf 
lA JoUt! CA 92037 

(714) 459·9711 

Mtmbtr f .D.I.t. 



Triton Tlme.- Wednesday, April 9, 1975 

.....-------..--------What's Happening-------..-------, 

GAY PHONE line. An outrwch to the 
U.C .•. D. Gey com lnunhy. Information 
or juet _nt to taIk'l e2'-' l1li1 

WRmlllG COURSE: ......... who heve 
....... 8ubIect A but w.nt to further 
1.......-. dIeIr wrltlntl may eMaIl In 
UtJEntl1I12unital. 14111 

FOREIGN STUDENTS .nd t"- for 
whom E ......... _and .......... 
who ... I~ In Improvlne theI, 
wrltlne .11.· MrOIIIn • spec.' _tlon 
of Ut/Ene 10. Come to 1214 H· L 0' 
112122. 14/11 
Wrftlne Tutors f. F.II '71: Enroll In 
u.-tu,. G._11M. The Teechlne of 
Wrltlne. Com. to 12M H·L or cell x2&22 
to .pply .nd pickup cou,.. deecrlptlon. 
141t1 

The BiolOVy/Cheml.try Clinic will be 
open f,om thi. w.ek to the .nd of the 
qu.rt.,. Check et the clinic 122118-2B fo, 
the houra. 14/91 

SEX CLINIC: Coun .. li"g on Sexu.1 
P,obl.m.. Wed. 3·5 pm; R.v.lI. 
Couna.lora Offic. lnext to the R.v. 
Provoat Offlc.l. Judith JO'II.n •• n. 
M.D.· Hugh P.t ... Ph.D. 13/141 

A lI.t of the Rev.lI. S.nio,. who hev. 
decl.red th.ir candid.cy fdr Spring 
Quart.,. 1175 he. been poated on the 
boa,d ou .. ide, the R.v.lI. Provo.t·e 
Office. Pi .... check to b. c.rtain thet 
you, nam. i. on thl.II.t.14/111 

·F.culty DI.cu .. ion on the R.v.lI. 
Phloloaophv Ind P,opo •• d curriculum 
cheng.. with Prof'. Crown. ILIt.1 
AttiV.h IEconl. Ind M.'mb.,g 
IPhy.'c.l . Ev.ryon. urg.d to Itt.nd 
Wed. April 9. 8 pm. R.v.lI. Formal 
Loung.. Spon.ored bv R.v.lle Prog. 
Board. 14/91 

MANNA i. comingl 

Th. Wom.n·. C.nt.r i. op.n to .11 
.tud.n .. M-F. 10-4. Utillz. itl14/111 

R .. ,dent Advl.o, Appllcetlona--plck up 
ref.,,.1 from Student Employm.nt 210 
MC. Fo, RawI .. -- _ Rick Bav., or 
M.ry Cox In R .. ,dent D .. na Offlc •• 
Argo H.II. 311Z7. fo, ThIrd -- ... 
Realdent D .. n·. 701 MC. For Mul,: _ 
Ciao M.1oN 0' Unde F ...... R .. ldent 
Dune OffIc •• X~. Deadline -- April 
11.4 PM 141111 

BENEFIT RUMMAGE & lAKE &AU 
April 12. aponeorecI by U.C .•. D. D.y 
c... Center .•• m. IF you'd like to 
.c!oneta .omethlne. e2-2JII.14/11 

MUIR STUDENTS LIVING OFF-
CAMPUS: You I,. ellglb .. to ant. the 
Mul, Room Ind Apertm.nt Drew. Pick 
up application at R .. ,dent D .. n· I 
offlc • . D .. dllne for .ppllcatlone i. 4:00 
pm. April 10. 1175. 141t1 

TRAVELERS INSURANCE CO. 
rapr ... ntativ. will b. on·clmpu. Wed. 
April. to Int.rvi.w for .11 .. prOV'lm 
I .. ding to ind.pend.nt Ig.nt .tatu. in 
San Di.go. Seek.: .ny mllor. Ap-
pointm.nt. & more info .t Car .. r 
Pllnnlng. 302 MC. 14/91 

Any Muir S.nlor inter •• t.d in •• rvlng 
on the Muir Grlducation Com mitt ... 
pl ..... top by the Muir D •• n'. Offic •• 
2125 H&SS or cell • • xt. 3Ii87. 14/111 

Subpo.na GIII.,y (form.rly 
Humaniti .. ·Llbrary G.'''ryl .lIhlbitlon. 
"Southern EIIpOlU,." of photography. 
painting. and .culptu,. bv .tud.nte 
from v.rlou. So. Calif. coll.g. c.m-
pu •••• Gall.ry houra .,. 12-5 Mond.v 
th,ough Siturdey. Apr. 11. G,ound 
lloor . ... t .,d. of Hum.nitl .. Library. 
14/111 

MONTEREY INSTITUE OF FOREIGN 
STUDIES to tllk with int.r •• t.d 
stud.nt. Thura. April 10. Off.r BA and 
MA in fo,.illn lingua g ••• international 
economic. & m.nall.m.nt; crad.ntial. 
in s.condary tHching. trln.l.tion & 
int.rpr.tation. SNk. stud.nt. with 
inter •• t in for.ign languille. & in-
ternational relation • . Appolntm.nts & 
more info at CerHr Planninll. 302 MC. 
14/91 

The H. NoeIani Polvn,,'an D.nc. 
Cqmpenv annual lu.u "1175". In· 
t.rnationel Cente, on Saturday. April 
12th. Tick ... a .. ".00 per peraon which 
include. door prlz ... Ilv. denc. mUllc. 
I floo, .how by the H. Noe"nl Com-
panY •• nd.n uotlc m.nu. Fo, Info cell 
Monic:e Davld-Melic -'-1. 14/111 

Mul, .tudente InteNeted In competlne 
a,,'net Fourth Col.... In an Inta,-
cot.... competition the 5th week of 
QUIIrter. _ Seen .t the Muir D .. n·. 
OffIce • .aI7. T .. m. being fo,med in 
votleyball •• oftbell •• nd wat.,·polo. co-
ed. 14/141 

Political Sci.nc. Stud.nt.1 G.t yOUr 
bod. to the L_., BI.ke Loung. 
Wedn •• dlV .ft.rnoon .t ) ;00 pm for. 
union m •• tlng .... . Th.r. ·. pow.r in 
numb ... 114/91 

SATCH MEETS EVERY WED. 7:00 PM 
Meet in Stud.nt Ct. Lounll. - Gu .. t 
Sp.ak ... - 14191 

SURF CLUB MHting W.dn .. dlY. 4/9 
7:30 pm P & L 111714/91 

MCAT P,eplratlon Cou,.. m .. t. Hch 
Thura 5:OG-t:3O p.m. In BI.ic Sci.nc. 
Building 2100. For Info 462- 4110. (1/11 

Stud.nt. int.r .... d In mlkinll 
CALPIRG .n .ff.ctiv. front for .tud.nt 
activlam - W.d. 7 :00 pm. Stud.nt 
Cent.r. All .r. welcom •. 14/91 

ASIAN AMERICAN STUDENT 
ALLIANCE. WED. APRIL 9. 1975 8:30. 
WATARADORI-BIRDS OF PASSAGE -
A FILM DOCUMENTARY ABOUT 
THREE ISSEIS. 14/91 

Chiceno g.t· toll.th.r. Thu,.. Apr. 10 .t 
the Int.,n.t. C.nt.r from s-a pm. Food 
will b ••• rv.d. Bring you, own drink • . 
No G.llo. pl .... 14/91 

UNION OF JEWISH STUDENTS: 
PI.nnlng mHtinll WED • APRIL 7 pm 
Stud.nt C.nt.r (upat.'raI14111 

WARGAMERS: The Triton WI,pmlng 
Society mHta ev.ry ThuradeY It • pm 
in BSB 2114. (Med. School! All .,. 
w.'come to come .nd ... t theI, ekill. in 
AH. SPI. Conflict and HIt-made g.m ... 
(4/11 

FOURTH COLLEGE STUDENTS Firat 
meatlne of your _ col .... govern-
ment, the fourth fon.m. Thu ... 7 pm. 
At""'" Hall low., lounee. Rev ..... 
14111 

M.mbara of the O,g.nic Ga,dening 
Society •• nd IlIint., .. ted. pi .... m •• t 
It the Muir Br_,. B.g Room; 4:30 
Thuredey. April 10. 14111 

4th ColI.g. Socl.1 committee m .. t. 
Wed. night April t. 7:00 B.lgle Loung • . 
Ev.ryon. Inter .. ted com. & contributa 
id •••. (411) 

Stud.nt Commin.. Againat Rlci.m 
Thuradav. April 10th at 2 pm in the 
lIrg. Conf.r.nc. Room of the Stud.nt 
C.nt.,. Will be making pl.n. fo, the 
April 18th UCSD Rally .gain.t Raci.t 
Attack. in Bo.ton. For info Mik. Z.r.t. 
510-189714191 

A m .. tinll for .11 int., •• t.d fourth 
coll.g •• tud.nta to wo,k on the lit.,ary 
m.gazin. will b. h.,d Fri. April 11 • • t 
10:00 am in the Writing Prollrlm Offic • . 
14/111 

Phi omegl Ilphe d.lta .ororitv m .. ting 
Thuradey It 7:00 pm. Upper B .. k. 4 
Loung • . Ev.ryon. w.lcome 4/91 

EAB FRAT m •• ting WED. 7:30 BI.ke 
fourth floor loung.·pledg. ru.h .nd 
.I.ction • . Bring $. (4/91 
Soclall.t Forum m •• ting ThuradlV 8:00 
R.v.lI. Form.' Loung.,4/ 91 

Rev.lI. R •• id.nt Advi.or Applic.n"·-
Anoth.r orl.ntation m •• tlng Apr. 11 et 
3:30 pm in the South Oining Room for 
tho •• who mi ... d both .... ion. I .. t 
w •• k. (41111 

SEMINAR; JohennH F,ltech. comp_ 
April 11. 12 noon. I 210 Mlndevill. 
C.nt.14If1 

fRIDAY EVENINGS IN DEL MAR. 
Arthu, W •• _ reftoIe .ome of the 
tool. the ector _ in hie .neInIa of 
che .. cter. Fri .• April 11 •• t • o'clock in 
St. P....... Cfturch. Del Mer. For Info 
412-3221. 141111 

Beethoven'. OIebeili V .... tlone per-
fo,med by Mlnf," Cly"". April 11. It 
1:00 pm In the auditOrium 0' the 
Mandevill. C.nta,. FREE. 14/111 

Mu.ic Prof. B.rt'lm and Nlncv 
Tur.tzkv conc.rt. April 12. T.mpl. B.th 
EI In Cllir.mont. Tick ... - $3 .. ch. For 
advanc.d tick ... 4113-1171 0, 412-0230. 
14/ 111 

Young Social/.t Alllinc. i •• ponlo,'ng 
en informll nine part cl ••••• ri .. on 
e.p.ct. of r.volutionary .0ci.lI.m. Plrt 
II, Whet Socl.lI.ta Stand For. W.d." 
Muir 2C IP&LI Room 1111. 2 PM. For info-
call 210-1212. All Invited to .tt.nd. (4/11 

Stud.nta int.r .. t.d in OPTOMETRY. 
FI.ld triP. Thuradey. April 10th. 8 PM to 
an optom.try offlc • . In'o. Sandy. EIIt. 
4460. (4 /91 
WEEKLY WEDNESDAY NIGHT 
WOMEN'S ENTERTAINMENT SERIES: 
B.th Lyon Ind J.nny Moo,., p.r-
fo,ming tonight It 9;30 in the Muir 5 Ind 
Dima Coff .. hou ... Spon.o,ad by the 
Wom.n·. C.nt.,. (4/91 
Wom.n·. C.nt.r·. ThuradlY night 
workehop •• ri ... Pr ... nt.d by D.E.F.Y. 
IDrulI Education For Youl , r.lating 
wom.n und.r .tr ••• to the incr .... of 
drug u ••• mong wom.n. Klr.n Erwin 
will put on the pr ••• ntation, Thura .. 
April 10. 7:00 to 10:00 - Rm 408 MC. FREE 
TO EVERYONEI14/91 

Watch out for the COOP ColI.lI. All 
C.mpu. D.nc.1 Friday. April 11 . 14/91 

.----------Advertisements for Ourselves ---------:----, 

Woman'. w.tauit (m.diuml· Jlck.t, 
long John. hood. booti... Ellc.lI.nt 
condition $60.00 C.II583-1i818 14/111 

1. AUSTIN MINI COOPER·S 1275 c .C .. 
cu.tom paint fI int.rlo, $2400.00 Firm. 
4JI..4B IL.uc.diII14/111 

'64 Ch.vy II $275 Mik. 263-3890 14/91 

CITROEN - 7O-2CV-MEHARI - 40.000 
'nile. 46 miles/g.llon - $1100. 436-6973 
(4/11) 
5 Dataun. 510. B-.pok.. .'um-.lloy. 
Spid.r Mags. New! $125/or Best 566-
361114/111 
Hond. 160 Motorcvcle. 1966: only 1300 
mile • • run. like n.w. $225. Connie 753-
6183 14/91 
66 Ch.v 6 cyln. V.n W indow.. Big 
wh •• I.. n •• d. front tir.. and ellgn-
ment. runs good $500. 276-833814/111 

68 C.mero 3X1 4 sp. convt. Silv.r 
w/ black int. Nu tir ••. Excellent Condo 
462-9240.14/111 
Slid. Rul • . Calculator. Adresu b l. 
M.mory; Degre. / Rad ian. S.I.ctor; 
Mo.t function.; Adeptor. $80 Dian. 463-
4100 X301 work. 481-0832 In PM 14/141 
1. Ponti.c T.mp •• t Conv.rtibl • . 
GrNt .hIP • • fir out tran.portation for 
the .umm.r. $696. 469-4841141111 
Wharton & McCarty; EXPERIMENTS 
AND METHODS IN BIOCHEMISTRY 
Robin. 453-1466. (4/91 
1986 Au.tln Mini Coop.,-. 1275 c .C .. 
cu.tom p.int & int.rior $2400.00 Firm. 
4J6..468O (L.ucad.a1 14/111 
N •• d Roomma' . to .ha .. pllc. on 
Sunl.t Cliff • . Clil 222-0731 Ev • . 8:30 -
8:30 P .M. Or b.for. 1:30 AM 14/111 

8 track tap. 'pla .r. Thi. Reali.tlc pl.y., 
i. th, •• w.ek "Jld. Contact NWlchuk-
wu 228 Cabrllio HIIII Third Col .... 0' 
4I2~. (4 / 111 
.ti7 VW Bug. go~d trln.portatlon $600. 
__ 8798 aft.r5. 4/111 

Plon .. r St.r.o H.adphon ... TC.186 
SONY. St.r.o C .... tt. D.ck. U S 
Div.ra: d.pth glug.. B C. glov ••• 
booti ... ml.k It ."oflll • . 1173 Honda 
CI..- G.rald: 45I..fi4I7. (4/11 

Ty_rit.r. Smith & Coronl EI.ctrlc fo, 
ul • . Aft.r fiv • . 463-5111 . (4/111 

N_ T.I . SR·SO's We can be.t any Ii.t.d 
prlc • . Quick Deliv.ry 2 v.ar "uarent ••. 
CIII B.rt 462·984916/61 

7'4" Surfboard Dew.y W.b.r Sk I. V.ry 
lIood condition. $40. no offers 22S 9023. 
O.B. 14/11 

1988 Buick Electra. V.ry good condition 
air conditioninll/.II pow.r acc ... orio. 
Ed. 462-9322 14/111 

YAMAHA 2!iO - Run • • h •• lIood t lr .. 
11n.w). n •• d. a paint job but 
.mechanlcally "ood . • ,00 or but off.r 
Mlk. or D.ve. 463-15n 14/91 

B.B.; 
Omni Sh.kra and the bl.ninll of the 
psychics .re with you. It tekes time. 
love. b .b . 14/91 

FOUND . ROllu. Bea.t in stet. of 
ellheustion. Now h.rml •••. Will hold 
for 10 d.y • . To CI.im c.II462-9644 14/ 91 

Ka ren and Ketie of Di.covery: I s.id you 
both h.d nice bodi... th.nk. for 
holding it ."alnst m • . DOD W91 

The Surf Naz is say: You will li.ten to 
the Allm.n Bro • . • nd you will enjoy 
th.m114/91 

To my BELOVED HP-46. I know b.n •• th 
that cold c.'culating ext.rior. throb • • 
hot p.ssion.te logic c hip. 14/01 

H.'en Henkel: H.ppv 21.t Birthd.y! 
M.y the rest of your lif. be intere.ti ng. 
Joen (4/91 
P.rziv. l. 
In order to know wh.r. 1 am. I mu.t 
know who yOU are. N.ncy 14/91 

Scott Sadil . come bv the Triton Time. 
offic. .ometlm. tod.v. The Sport. 
Dept. n •• d. you. 14/91 

Peopl. n •• d to und.rst.nd th.t Aard-
vlrke .tand for .11 th.t i. lIood .nd 
rowdy in the world. Th.y meen no h.rm 
to anyon • . All th.y w.nt i. unity on 
Muir campu • . W. will alw.y. I UPPOrt 
t he A. rdv.rk. . Aa rdv.rk power 
forev.r114191 

Long.John.: Tak. car. of thet gr •• t 
bod; it driv •• m. wild. From the IIttl •• t 
dork of th.m all. (4/91 

What i •• Newman? 
Alfr.d E. - No not hel 

(4/91 
WANTED . SPlgh.tti Cook. for 
N.wman Club Dinn., 462·l1li3 A.k fo, 
C ... yI4/ 91 

Cynthi. of Carmel. 
N.v.r .. w you to , .y good·bv • . 

Snowball 14 /91 
To the other "Con.t.lI.tion": H.ppy 
19th Birthday (tommorrowl! Her.'. 
wOIhlng a "reat y •• r to a gr.at gUy. 
Lov •• Your Poop.d out P.rtn.r (4 /91 

Would .om.one pi .... ICC.pt • two 
yeer old lonll hli,ed c.t into their 
home? AII.rlli.. pr.v.nt u. from 
keeping h.r. 4624i0314/91 

" Lectur. Note." - • n.w legit stud.nt 
org.nization n •• d. bodi.. to h.,p 
create a real efflci.nt •• rvlc. - for the 
.tud.nt. by stud.nt • . If yOU w.nt to 
work or h.v •• nv id.a. on how to mek. 
cia .. I.arning e."I.r. fast.r. & more 
me.ningfuL Call Kathi. eft.r6 pm. 434-
138714/91 

Need a good lob on cempu.1 " Lectur. 
Not .... - • new I.git .tu org ne.dl. Bio. 
Chem. & P'hy.ici gr.d . tud.nt, (or 
upper divi.ion stu', w i good grad •• , to 
teke not •• for lower d iv. cl ... ... Good 
Pay!Cali K.tie after 6 p.m. 434-1387 
14/111 

Wet Suit. Long-John & Jack.t. for 8 ft. 
Joe. 462-9504 14/111 

Portabl. C .... tt. R.cord.r. P.trick. 
462·3793 d.ys Idr.ma d.pt.1 488-2046 
nite • . (4/111 

Port.bl. Bleck and Whit. T.V. with UH-
F. Juli.: 452-1152. 14/91 

Cerpool from Lak. Murr.y .nd EI P.IO 
area 8-5. M-F. C.II P.ul ~19. (4 /91 
N.ed .ubj.ct. for lI.t.ning up.rim.nt 
$2/hr. Call 751H703 .fter 5 - .nytime 
we.k.nd. (pC1181 

YOU WILL BE PAID $2.·P.H, for p.r-
tlcip.tlng in a IIroup .xp.rim.nt .bout 
learning m.p.. Exp.rlm.n .. h.ld on 
Mon .. W.d" & Fri. from 2:00 to 4:00 pm. 
Joe Jt2541IpC/9I 

H.,p Want.d: Di.hw.lh.r. plrt,tim. 4 
evening •• w •• k. 3 to 4 hou,. •• ch 
.venlng. r.te $2.21 .n hour. 464-12IiO 
IpC191 

Hou •• mat. n •• d.d for 2 bedroom 
cottlg. In Enclnitae. Furni.hed. Would 
like p.reon ov.r 21 . R.nt -"10 month 
inc. u1i1itl ... (4/11 
Mal. Or F.mll. to .he,. n •• t & cl.an 3 
BDRM. Own room. 3 mi to c.mpu • . 
1Ii.00/mo . Call 463-7317 .v.nlng • . (4/91 
Coupl. looklnll fo, furnl.h.d .umm.r 
rent.l. June 15-S.pt, 15; L... th.n 
$2!iO/ mo. Call for Glry .t 455-2600 
Iworkl Or 488-44150 (hom.1. (4/111 

F Roommlt. need.d. Sh.r. ROjlm $75. 
Sol.na BHch. 4810401514/91 

3 BR. Plavmor Townhou •• 2BA, Brick 
Pltlo. pertly furni.h.d. onlv • month. 
old. Includ.. n.w r.frlg ... tor. ap-
plianc ... IVli .. bl. Jun. 15. 462-2135. 
222-2322lpC/ 111 

M.I. or Fem.l. Roomm.t. n •• d.d to 
shlr. two b.droom .partm.nt .t II 
Jolla Villi g • . Pool & jacuzzi n.arby. 
$67.60/month & utlliti ••. 463-8157 (4 /111 

ROOMMATE WANTEO: B •• utifuI3 bd r. 
house on cliffs in O.B. Own rOom $71.60 
& utlliti ••• b.ckyard. stairway to cov. 
etc. 223·7539. Lat. is b.st. after 11pm. 
141111 

2 Hou .. mate • • M or F. own room $90 
e.ch. Include. ut il. Cabl. TV . 
N.wspap.rs. T.lephon • . C'.'remont -
Big Yerd. Quiet . BUI. Shoppinll. 3 Mo • . 
Min. After 5. 27S-095O Ask for R.ndy. 
14/181 

Fem.'. roomm.t. want.d. Sh.r. larg • • 
.unny 4 bdr ept In L J Shor ••. 80.60 & 
utilitl ••. 1/2 block to b •• ch. UCSD 1 
mil • . 469-2570. 14/ 111 

TYPISTS ; IBM -T.rm PIP." -
th •••• /di ... rt.tion. l .tc. Edltingl 
RUSH JOBS/X.rox. Andl: 463-G86e 
Ipl/81 

Fr.. .kln c.r. I ... on .nd mlk. up 
an.,y.i. by D·BI.n. con.ul .. nt B ... y 
468-4861(4/ 111 

Automotive r.Pllr, Tun. UP'. Brak ••• 
Lub. and Oil. Good Work. Low Prlc • . 
Mik • . 452-1.12 (4/111 . 

Troubl. turning on you, Cllcullto,? 
Nerd 5.11 Clinic M .... 8-7 Mon Night • . 
(4/91 

You cen .tllllcquire Public lind FREEl 
Gov.,nm.nt lind Olg .. t, Box 2217. 
Normen. Okllhom. 73011 (pC/lil 

TAOIST BREATHING EXERCISE. L.a,n 
to dev.lop IWlr.n ••• of the IIf. en.,gy 
IChil in your .v.t.m. By gaining cont,oI 
of the chi you Cln .n.ur. Ita unin· 
ter,upt.d flow in the m.rldlen • . 
ther.by kHPing youra.1f phyelcellv & 
s pirituilly h •• lthy. tnd ividuII in-
. truction only; 15 y.ar •• xp.rl.nc • . Call 
753-0307 Or w rit.; P O. Box 33003. San 
Di.go. CI. 92103. IpC/9I 

TENNIS LESSONS ' St.v. B .... tt 
IM.mb.r USPTAI. Stud.nt dl.count 
46837M14191 

WEEDS PULLED. ground cleared Ind 
cultivat.d for VEGETABLE GARDENS. 
EIIpert pruning and trim mine of .hrub • . 
hedg .... nd tr .... Dillging. AI m -3Ii2O 
14/181 

RESEARCH AIDS . North Am.rlcl·' 
Ilrg •• t •• rvlc • . For catalogu ••• nd $2 
to: e. .. y S.rvic... P.O. BOil 1218. 
Nilgra Fill • • N.Y. 14302. AI.o. clmpu. 
r.pr ••• ntltlv •• ' requir.d. Pi .... writ • . 
41&·388-6649. Ip 8181 

EUROPE· ISREAL-ORIENT LOW COST 
STUDENT FLIGHTS. CONTACT: AIST 
1714/ 544-9333. 1742 HEATHER AVE .. 
TUSTIN. CALIF. 92880. 1p4/91 

EUROPE-ISREAL-AFRICA Stud.nt 
flight. YNr round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11687 S.n Vic.nt. Blvd. No. 4 
L.A. Clllf. 1IOO4I 
T.I: 12131821-&189.128'" "Jl/., 
EUROPE-ISRAEL-AFRICA-ORIENT L_ 
co.t fllgh ... tou,.. the whole .tud.nt 
bit. At our offlc. Oy., 200 FREE non-
com.,c .. 1 Plmph..... b,ochu, ... --big 
buck ... vlng. ESTC 510 W. Sixth. Suit. 
311 LA. 10014 12131 ID-2821 (pllIl 

SSW Trlv.1 Offic. - ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'l Stud.nt 10. Eur.lI. Hoete! Clrd •. 
Tripping Mag.zlne. .tc. lJCSD In· 
t.,nationel C.nt., tIZ-OI3O 111m" pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Cloud Tu •• -Thu, • . 
,pllIl 

EUROPE · ISRAEL & ORIENT Lowco.t 
.tud.nt fllgh .. all VNr ,Ound. A.I.S.T. 
1431 S. II Ci.nege Blvd. Loa Angel ... 
IOO3Ii 17141 544-1333 0, 1213/ 112-27Z7 
(pll8l 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL. ORIENT. Low prlc .. · lonl .nd 
.hort flight. . Llmlt.d .PIC • . 
PROFESSiONS INTERNATIONAL 1. 
Weetwood Ilvd. LA. 101M 12131171-1121 
arm-11aCI/l1 


