
SIO-Drilling Project: 'A 25-Mile Library' 
by Margaret Krueger 

Staff Writer 

A "twenty-five mile library" is the result of seven years of drilling by 
the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP) beneath the ocean floor. 

Under the direction of Scripps Institution of Ocp.anol(raphy (SIO), the 
Deep Sea Drilling Project has compiled data about the earth's crust 
under the oceans and seas. , 

Knowledge was obtained from core samples taken by drilling up to 
4,311 feet, the deepest penetration by the DSDP, below the ocean bed. 

The project was conducted over a seven-year period, concluding last 
month. During that time, the drilling vessel Glomar Challenger collected 
25 miles of core samples, providing the world with a 25 mile reference and 
data center. 

Ice Age With 10,. Yean 
There were many finds during each two-month leg of the Challenger. 

Scripp's Scientists have been able to formulate theories and predictions 
about the oceans, seas, and their floors. 

One such prediction was made by scientists on board the ship on leg 
number 42B in the Black Sea. 

The DSDP scientists expect the Black Sea to become a fresh water lake 
again at the time of the next Ice Age - some scientists believe this could 
occur within 10,000 years. 

The glaciers that fonned in the last Ice Age drew the water necessary 
for ice formation from the sea, allowing the Black Sea to become isolated 
from the Mediterranean Sea. Glacial runoff from surrounding rivers 
turned the Black Sea into a fresh water lake. More than 75% of the 
sediments found in the core samples were lake origin. 

SCAR to Continue 
Fight Against 'Racism' 

According to Mike Zarate, one of the organizers of the Student Coalition 
on Racism (SCAR), "The issue is no longer one of bussing out it is an 
issue of stopping the racist attacks." 

Zarate and the SCAR group will hold its first meeting of the year 
tomorrow noon in the student center to discuss "racist attacks" and other 
issues relevant to SCAR. 

Last year SCAR was organized to protest the opposition of residents of 
white neighborhoods in Boston, many of whom had vehemently opposed 
the massive busing program ordered by a federal court to combat de 
facto segregation. 

According to a pamphlet circulated by SCAR, "The Student Coalition 
Against Racism is an organization of students and young people across 
the country which was founded at a national conference last February to 
fight the forces of racism and defend the democratic rights of Blacks and 
other minorities in the United States." 

Last year the campus chapter of SCAR joined other San Diego chapters 
in sending representatives to a national conference in February. They 
also sent representatives to a national march held in Boston in con-
junction with the NAACP. 

National Conference 
Zarate s1\id that tomorrow's meeting will discuss the possibility of 

sending representatives to a national conference in Boston on October 10. 
Recent national developments, says Zarate, in Boston, Louisville and 
Detroit have shown that the incidents in Boston were not isolated. SCAR 
believes that blacks and other minorities are being more heavily 
assaulted this year and thus organizations like SCAR have been pressing 
for more protection for black stUdents. 

Zarate contends that one of the major achievements by SCAR last year 
was additional protection to black stUdents and the black community. 
Zarate said that while last year's protection for black students was 
minimal in the white schools, federal authorities have called up the 
National Guard to protect blacks. 

SCAR will expand its activities this fall to support the United Farm-
workers Union and to fight against recent budget cutbacks in education. 

Noon Today 

GSU To Stage Rally 
The Graduate Student Union will 

stage a rally, featuring the report 
the union distributed to the UC 
Board of Regents last week, today 
at noon in the Revelle plaza. 

According to Dan Rosen, public 
relations agent for the GSU, the 
r ly agenda, formulated at a 

union steering committee meeting 
yesterday, will include: 

-a history of the GSU, with 
emphasis on its summer activities; 

-a reading of most of the 17 -page 
report on the T A situation and 
alleged administrative waste ; 

-an appeal to undergraduates 
for support. 

Deepest Sunken Island 
Another important discovery was made at a drilling site in the mid-

Atlantic. When drilling on the crest of a submarine ridge about ten 
degrees north-east of Bermuda, scientists cored shallow-water reef 
material containing evidence of rainwater solution. 

These samples were taken at depths of 13,555 to 13,895 feet, more than 
two and a half miles below sea level, making the submerged ridge crest 
the deepest sunken island to date. At one time, emergent above the sea, 
the island could have resembled a " modern day Iceland. It 

Although the seven year drilling phase has come to an end, Melvin N. A. 
Peterson does not consider the whole project to be over. Peterson is 
Associate Professor of Oceanography at SIO and is Principal 
Investigator and Project Manager for the Deep Sea Drilling Project. 

First Ship of Its Kind 
"It is a wonderful resource for the international scientific community," 

said Peterson." The next stage is to study the age of the Earth's crust. 
This data could be studied for the next 50 to 100 vears." 

Like its namesake, the H.M.S. Challenger, the Glomar Challenger is 
the first ship of its kind. It is the only ship built that can drill into the 
ocean bed at a depth of over 4,000 feet. A unique dynamic positioning 
system, involving acoustic beams, enables the ship to maintain. its 
position over a drilling site in waters too deep for anchors. 

The iI.M.S. Challenger was a war ship converted to a research vessel in 
1872. It surveyed the oceans and seas for three and a half years visiting all 
the ,!ceans in her 68,000 miles at sail and contributed to the latter day 
knowl,edge of the large bodies of water. The findings of the H.M.S. 
Challenger helped lay the ground work for present day oceanographic 
studies. 

• •• Hepa.e7. 

Wednesday. September 24. 1'f15 

COTnmittee Formed to Attempt To 
Limit Campus Energy Use 

by Craig Uchioa 
Editorial Director 

In an effort to "eliminate 
wasteful uses of energy," a new 
program of energy conservation 
has been implemented at UC San 
Diego. 

Although the initial energy crisis 
is now past, the problem of 
creased costs has put "significant 
pressures" upon UCSD's budget. 

According to statistics released by 
Chancellor McElroy, energy 
consumption has been reduced by 
12% since 1972-73. However, the 
current (1975-76) cost rate for 
energy has increased 200% from 
the '72-73 base cost of $1.5 million. 

The projected increase for 1976-
77 is estimated at $5 million. 

In order to alleviate this 
problem, McE4roy appointed an 
Energy Conservation Committee 
and an Energy Conservation 

Coop Committee Meets Today 
To Plan Monday Meeting 

The Student Cooperative Steering Committee will meet this afternoon 
at 3 p m to make plans for the coming year's activities and formulate the 
agenda for next Monday's Coop meeting. 

Coordmator, illiam Pettus III. 
The committee composed of 

members of the student body, 
faculty and staff initiated a policy 
that would "reduce the rate of 
energy conswnption (per square 
foot) by 25% within three years." 
This reduction would eventually 
amount to a savings of over a 
million dollars per year. 

Eliminate Energy Waste 
The basic philosophy behind the 

energy conservation program is to 
identify and eliminate wasteful 
and mismanaged energy 
resources, while maintaining an 
appropriate environment for 
proper University functions. The 
Conservation Committee thus 
based its recommendations on this 
goal. 

(Continued on Page 8] 

The Steering Committee is 
comprised of all Coop coor-
dinators; this meeting will be 
attended by nominees for the posts, 
as they were not approved by last 
year's Coop. 

'Needless,' Says. Source 

The Coop, an experimental at-
tempt at student government, 
came into being in the summer of 
1974. It met weekly last year to 
allocate campus activity fee 
money, appoint students to com-
mittees, both campus and 
statewide, and represent student 
views to the community. This 
year's Coop external affairs 
coordinators, Marco Li Mandri and 
Irma Munoz, represent UC San 
Diego at the UC Student Body 
President's Council. 

Last year, the Coop allocated 
over $125,000. 

In a campus-wide referendum 
last year, 59% of the campus' 
undergraduate voting elected to 
recognize the Coop as the official 
student government. But since 
only 35% of the student body voted -
- the UC Regents require 50 
participation to make election 
re ults official - the Coop will 
remain the unofficial student 
government on campus this year. 

The rather healthy-looking line above was noted out.ide the 
ca.hier'. office yelterday. 

A lource laid the line wal compoled mOltly of new Itudent. 
who are not yet aware of the llot near the door of the office, 

~rein fee payment Il10, be placed. (,Itoto: TIId Sperry.) 



Page two 

Blue Collar Bigotsl 

DiSQJssion with a Hoston Worker 
By RoberH:oI. 

from tile LA TiDteI 

Not long ago, I showed a factory 
worker from South Boston-Irish, 
married and the futher of five 
children, the oldest of whom at-
tends South Boston High School-
various letters I had received from 
Southern friends. 

They had pointed out, I thought 
appropriately, the resemblance of 
Boston's present school 
desegregation struggle to the worst 
episodes the South went through. 

"But if we even mention trying to 
form our own private schools here 
in South Boston, then they tell us 
we're trying to 'evade the federal 
court order' and we're 'racists.' 
But if rich people send their 
children to private school, they're 
not trying to 'evade' anything. " 

He stops. He apologizes for a 
strongly stated, emotional out-
burst, for his unqualified 
generalizations. He admits that he 
and others he knows "probably 
have a prejudice against the 
colored." 

"I graduated from South Boston High School, 
and there was a time when I thought my 
children would graduate from there ... " 

TIM! factory worker, however, 
offered no wry, philosophical 
smile, demonstrated no tolerant, 
good-humored acceptance of 
history's mysterious ways. 
Instead, he reveiwed a part of 
Boston's past in a marmer that 
carmot be dismissed as merely 
polemical. 

"What part of Boston," he asked, 
"are those Southern pals of yours 
referring to?" After giving me a 
second to mull over his question, he 
began to give me an answer-and a • 
lesson. 

"Not the Boston I grew up in; we 
weren't the ones who waved our 
fingers at the South before the Civil 
War, went down there to fight and 
came back proud of ourselves. My 
ancestors were half starving to 
death in Ireland at that time, or 
getting ready to come over here. 
And when they did come here, they 
were treated like scum, as 
everybody knows. Even 10 years 
ago, we weren't the ones who were 
sending our kids South to join the 
civil-rights movement. Those were 
college kids-from Hal'Vard and 
places like that. 

"I graduated (rom South Boston 
High School, and there was a time 
that I thought my children would 
graduate from there, and my 
grandchildren, though I don't know 
about that now, I'll tell you, the 
kids from Southie don't go to 
Hal'Vard and don't go South to fight 
for the colored people, and don't 
try to protest against their own 
government by calling it every 
name in the hoek, and glorifying 
the dictatorships we're opposed to. 

"My brother works for the 
telephone company. He moved out 
of here ; he's lucky. He lives in 
Watertown. They're working 
people out there, too-but a little 
better off. But even the people 
where he lives haven't the money 
to keep up with their bills and to 
buy.a good future for their kids. My 
brother says the people near 
Harvard, the professors and 
doctors and lawyers and fat-cat 
businessmen, their kids, a lot of 
them, don't go to the Cambridge 
public schools; they go to fancy 
private schools, and they have nice 
summer homes and all the rest. 

He also admits, quite candidly, 
that he is afraid. He is afraid that 
he will lose the savings he bas, the 
value of his small house; he is 
afraid of strangers, of the crime 
and chaos they will (to his mind) 
bring with them. He is not about to 
deny the considerable delinquency 
and other violence that his neigh-
borhood already possesses. It is, as 
he reminlh his listener, "a place 
where the people, they're barely 
getting by-and a lot not even 
that." 

This South Boston factory 
worker never went to college, nor 
will his children. But he can't help 
wondering about the Northern 
abolitionists of more than a cen-
tury ago-and about civil-rights 
activists like them today. 

"I'll bet a lot of the people from 
Boston who were against slavery a 
long time ago, I'll bet they didn't 
get so worked up about the way 
people in the factories around 
Boston were being treated. Did the 
people who were against slavery 
worry about what was going on 
right under their eyes? Was it 
easier for them to shout about 
something going on lit thousand or 
two thousand miles away?" 

Thus does a white Northener 
become, at least for a moment, a 
white Southerner. He can with 
justice, at certain moments, be 
called for his own, self-
acknowledged limitations and 
inadequacies, his outright in-
tolerance. But, though he need not 
be romanticized as the " noble, 
proletarian worker," he should not 
be regarded as mere putty in the 
hands of various rightist 
politicians (or demagogues), who 
have nothing to offer him, and 
others like him, but the futile and 
self-destructive satisfactions of 
bigotry. 

Someday, all this turmoil may 
turn white and black poor and 
working people of both races into 
political enemies. If the fears, 
frustrations, suspicions and an-
tagonisms of both races are con-
solidated into some new political 
force, then the South really will 
have bequeathed all of us the worst 
of its long, sad and continuing 
racial struggle. 

UC Stt" DIeto 

Mark Wtll!lber 
Managm,; eeltor 

Mark Stadler 
Newsedlttr 

[vaent] 
Editorial Urector 

John H. Taylor 
EdJtor-iD-cbJef 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

ADDeUebler 
CopyedJtor 

Rick Rodewald 
BUllaeS8 Manager 

Sara J. lAwen Daniel Sbawler 
Community editor Arts editor 

Dave Elsen Tad Sperry 
Sport editor Photo editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

I ••••••• 

Meanwhile, it may be of interest 
for middle-class intellectuals to 
ask ourselves a few of the 
questions the South Boston factory 
worker suggested directly or by 
implication. 

If there is "racism" In 
Mississippi and Alabama and 
South Boston and Cicero, m., as 
there most assuredly is, what is to 
be said about those parts of our 
country where well-to-do, well-
educated people live? Are they free 
of " racism," of snobbery, con-
descension, arrogance, vanity, or 
are their blemishes, If not serious 
flaws of character, hidden by the 
cozy power of money and 
privilege? Or are they only 
revealed in more fashionable at-
titudes, in the wholesale scorn, for 
instance, that went recenUy into 
words like "pig" or "fascist," or in 
the blanket denunciation of all 
white Southerners. 

What about those abolitionists-
were they indeed all worked up 
against the South's injustices, but 
unwilling to look north and west to 
Massachusetts factory cities like 
Lowell, Lawrence, Haverhill, or 
into the heart of Boston's slums? 
Were they unwilling to see how 
thousands of immigrants, in-
cluding young children, were 
working from dawn to dusk for a 
pittance, victims of a kind of 
severe, unrelenting, economic 
slavery? 

Were some of those abolitionists 
rather complacent about the fate of 
the Irish masses in Boston? 
Perhaps the abolitionists were not 
political "know-nothings," but 
rather, in some instances at least, 
prominent educated people who 
found Boston's poor Irish and, 
later , its Italians and Jews 
"ignorant" or "rude" or "vulgar." 

The white people of Boston, not 
to mention its suburbs, and of 
course, the South, too-all of us, 
really, race apart-could do worse 
than look at ourselves as intently 
as did the South Boston factory 
worker. Then, perhaps, we could, if 
only for a moment, achieve the 
kind of luminous good judgment 
that comes from reexamining our 
own unspoken assumptions. 

Open Letter 

To All 
Lesbians 

Amazons - I am writing this 
because I'm disturbed by the fact 
that lesbians on this campus are 
for the most part hidden. Even 
with two established organizations 
that are for us (the Women's 
Center and the Gay student's 
Union) I see very lillie open 
lesbian consciousness. The Gay 
Student's Union is predominantly 
male because few women have 
ever come to the meetings - at the 
first one last year there we're three 
women in a room with 30 to 40 men. 

Until lesbians come out in force, 
the Gay Students Union will 
remain essentially a Gay Men 
Student's Union - and it will be our 
fault. We can also work through the 
Women's Center to create an open 
and healthy atmosphere for 
Lesbians on campus. We can have 
Lesbian raps, speakers, dances, 
music, etc. - But how can this 
happen if we are invisible? Let's 
quit wondering about that woman 
next to us and get to know each 
other. 

MICHELE ~ONE 

"A journalist is a grumbler, a 
censurer, a giver of advice, a 
regent of sovereigns, a tutor of 
nations. Four hostile 
newspapers are more to be 
feared than a thousand 
bayonets. " 

Napoleon Bonaparte 

Wednesday, September 24, 1975 

TRB 

Our Squeaking Economy 
('TRB' is the traditional byline for Christian Science Monitar Washington 

reporter Richard Strout. The Triton Times will present his commentaries 
here weekly. ) 

You go into room EF 100 (US Capitol) which has parquet noors, 
limestone walls, CorInthian pilasters, and a chandelier as big as a 
refrigerator, and there about 40 reporters are jammed around a long oval 
table with kleig lights, at one end of which sits AlIce Rivlin. She has a 
mobile, eager, smiling face (that reminds you of your favorite Grade 3-B 
high school teacher, Mrs. McCreary, years ago), who tells you that the 
country is pulling out of the worst recesaion since the 1930s but that it will 
be stuck with unemployment and high prices for years to come, and 
maybe worse if correct actions aren't taken. 

In Ule atmosphere of the Washington economic debate where the two 
sides are probably as far apart as they have been since the days of 
Herbert Hoover, Rivlin, mother of three, Harvard PhD, a surprisingly 
girlish-looking 44 is no more incongruous than some of the conservatives 
around President Ford or the , statements that he and they hive been 
making. 

Rivlln, who was out bicycle-riding in Rock Creek Park yesterday,is the 
$4O,OOO-a-year director of the new Congressional Budget Office that is the 
legislative counterpart to the President's Office of Management and 
Budget. Her mahogany-brown curls are trimmed in whit one woman 
reporter tells an inquiring male is a "bhmt cut," and another a "drawn 
page-boy" style, 'but which, anyway, manage to swing attractively when 
she swings her head. . 

Let's see. The other state property of the affair is an enonnous pair of 
swinging doors that squeak eerily when they move like the gruesome 
sound at the beginning of a CBS radio ghost story. 

But the echo of this affair goes far beyond the hearing room out into 
national and, in fact, international debate. The free world's economy is 
sick and won't get well until the United States does. France, Germany 
and Japan have all recenUy decided on big blllion-dol1ar emergency 
boosts in government spending to stimulate the economy, and the 
director of the International Monetary Fund urges the US to consider the 
same. The Administration recoils. "Spend more?-we have already done . 
too much," says Treasury Secretary William Simon, echoed by Alan 
Greenspan, Ford's principal economic adviser. 

There is a certain Calvinistic simplicity about it, our original sin being 
governmental deficits : "'lJle financial sins of a decade caMot be forgiven 
by one day of penance," says Simon with what, I swear, sounds like 
sacerdotal relish. Trim expenditures, he urges: the food stamp program 
is "a well known haven for chiselers and rip-off artists." 

President Ford tells an audience of wildly cheering Republican 
women in Dallas that the trend to social spending must be reversed. Like 
a rather mild-looking Zeus holding a clutch of thunderbolts he promises to 
hurl veto after veto at spending bills; that he will find "a better way" to 
provide "quality education" than court-enforced busing, not mentioning 
that he recently vetoed a $7.9 billion Federal aid bill for elementary and 
secondary schools which Congress over-rode by large margins. (His 
thunderbolt is revocable by tw~irds vote.) 

In fairness to President Ford and his team, there is a very real and 
sincere division among economists over the present economic mess. In 
Hoover's day the original debate was whether there was a slump at all; 
today everybody acknowledges there is a slump and inflation at the same 
time; indeed, almost everybody acknowledges that the slump has 
probably hit bottom and that recovery has begun. The question is, how 
long will recovery last-will it be aborted? The debate is almost as sharp 
and contradictory as in the 3Os. 

Rivlin's economic team has prepared a 6S-page report, the second 
compiled at the request of Sen. Muskie, chairman of the new Senate 
Budget Committee, this one on "Recovery: How Fast and How Far?" She 
begins her explanation in a low clear voice: "We are pulling out of the 
worst recession since the 19305; the question is not whether the economy 
will recover but how far? " Her answer is sibylline: "The outlook for the 
short run is very strong; the long run is not so certain - nobody really 
knows." She adds, "To sustain a rapid recovery something else must 
happen, more housing, more automobile sales, more spending on capital 
goods-we don't see that yet." And she warns that the nation's recent 
surge in prices is particularly alarming because it is largely con-
centrated on necessities - food and fuel. People must buy these-if con-
tinued it could bigger another round of large wage increases spinning the 
inflationary spiral even higher. 

On the same day, a week ago, Newsweek, Time, The New York Times, 
the National Observer, all had anxious discussions of whether the 
recovery would last and, in spite of good short-term news, the stock 
market dropped. So that brings us back to the difference of opinion about 

wha~ should be done; one of the sharpest economic and political 
arguments of modern times, the resolution of which may decide the next 
economic phase of the United States and the free world. 

One side wants expansionary monetary and fiscal policies (tax and 
spending) lacking which, it warns, the recovery may falter. The other 
side (Ford et al will not even con.cede that the expansionary $8 billion 
stimulative tax cut should continue. 

One side links inflation to external forces: food (high grain prices from 
sale to Russia without adequate safeguards) and fuel (the oil cartel 
likely to jack up prices still higher this fall.) The other side relates m.: 
flation to excess demand, steuuning back in part to profligate social 
welfare legislation. 

Congress says the slump caused the deficit (loss of taxes, and costs of 
unemployment insurance). TIM! other says the deficit caused the slump, 
unbalanced budgets produced boom and collapse. 

Liberal academic economists like Walter Heller, Paul Samuelaan and 
Otto Eckstein can hardly endure the Administration's plea for reduced 
taxes on corporations; they charge that SOme corporations are now 
freezing prices, although 30 percent of AmerIcan plant capacity is idle 
and the country is losing $250 billion armual1y in produetion. Similarly, 
Congress wants to spend less on anna, but the Administration looks in-
dulgently at this expenditure, biggest in the budget. 

Rlvlin prepares to return to her office which has been reconstituted, 
quaintly enough, from the barroom of an old hotel on Capitol Hill. She has 
tried to remain neutral as she presents .. IOIIIely calculated projections for 
two rival scenarios, one for expansion, one for contraction waming that, 
in either case, serious unemployment will probably continue. 

We depart in subdued mood. The anxious debate continues; the doors 
screech grimly on their hinges. 

Wednesday, September 24, 1975 

Work Study for Grads: 
A th V'e TbODl8sM.Rutter, no er I W Dlrector,StudentFlDaDelalServlces 

The shortage of TA funds for the UCSD campus has caused a great deal 
of concern. AI. a result of this concern and the search for viable solutions, 
the Student Financial Services Office was asked by the Chancellor if 
there were financial aid funds which could be used to increase the total 
dollars available for the T A functions. 

After a review of all 1975-76 financial aid funds, it was determined that 
$200,000 of federal work study funds was available for graduate students 
to meet this need. The use of these funds was only 

considered after the un-
EAS 

Social 
Action 

by Bert Lee 
forEAB 

Ah, what a sight It is to behold 
the unblemished enthusiasm of a 
new school year once again. An 
effervescent energy always seems 
to permeate the atmosphere of the 
campus. Each and everyone of us 
anticipates with relish all the new 
adventures of life to be undertaken 
and the hedonistic orgies to be 
attended. 

dergraduate student financial need 
was met. 

Graduate students qualify for 
use of work study funds if they do 
not have sufficient income or 
assets to meet their educational 
expenses for the academic year. 
This eligibility determination is a 
function of a standard need 
analysis performed for all students 
applying for financial aid. 

• rlfoll f' nJ(~ 
Letter to the Editor 

rrGSU 
Although I rarely write Letters 

to the Editor, the glaring inac-
curacies contained in your recent 
news articles and editorial on TAs, 
graduate student support and the 
"GSU" force me to try to set the 
record straight. I will point out 
only a few of the less obvious 
errors and hope that the obvious 
ones have already been identified 
by the campus community. 

First of all, regarding the 
student presentation at the 
Regents meeting last week, Joe 
Rogers, a graduate student, did in 
fact present the Regents Com-
mittee on Finance with the 17-page 
report and l~e appendix. He 
spoke with the Regents for 15 to 20 
minutes although they un-
derstandably did not want him to 
read the full 17 pages word for 
word. The Regents had not 
received copies prior to Joe's 
presentation and they wanted to 
reserve comment until they had a 
chance to study it. They invited Joe 
to come back this Friday, Sep-
tember 26, to discuss the report at 
a special budget meeting where the 
real dollar decisions will be made. 
This is a far cry from "Regents 
Refuse to Hear GSU Report 
Detailing Fund Waste." 

Page three 

Coverage: Gross Errors 
mathematics and chemistry. Last 
year mathematics had 24 FTE T As 
and this year they will have no less 
than 21 FTE TAs. Likewise, 
chemistry had 21 FTE T As last 
year and will have 'no fewer than 21 
this year. It is likely that additional 
funds from workstudy and other 
sources will enable these and other 
departments to hire additional 
TAs. However, even if this were 
not the case, these numbers hardly 
represent "50% cut-backs." I don't 
know where the Triton Times got 
its information but it appears that 
someone is stretching the truth to 
meet their needs. 

Finally, I read in the paper and 
keep hearing from students that 
some graduate students will not 
receive the T Aships they were 
promised during the spring and 
summer. I have instructed the 
Dean of Graduate Studies to ensure 
that no TA conunitment made by a 
department is dis-honored in any 
way. If any graduate student has 
been refused a previously com-
mittee T A position, I want to hear 
about it directly or through Dean 
Rotenberg. If a department has 
reneged on a T A commitment, 
appropriate action will be taken to 
reinstate the position for the 
graduate student in question. 

Regents are listening to graduate 
students, major cuts in sections 
and TAs are not taking place, and 
all T A commitments are being 
honored. We can't begin to im-
prove the quality of undergraduate 
education and the support of 
graduate students unless we at 
least understand the facts. I hope 
that in the weeks ahead our 
campus media will strive to give us 
the facts we need to draw 
reasonable conclusions about this 
issue and the many others which 
will surely arise. 

W.O. MC ELROY 
CHANCELLOR 

Th. Triton Times Is recognized by the 
Communications Board 01 UCSO .. the 
ofliclal student n_speper. Publication 
is on Mondays, Wednesdays and Frldaya 
during the. rOjlUlar schoot year (except 
on ollicial holidays), Editorial and 
business ollice. ar. t"""led In 117 Blake 
Hall on the Revelle College campus, 
University 01 Califomla . San 011110 . 

letters to the Editor and opinion 
columns ar. welcomed, All submissions 
should be typed on a 74-space tine on 
nonerasable paper. They shoutd not 
.. cMet three Pili" in length doubt. 
spaced. The Triton Times reserves the 
right to edit submissions because 01 
space limitations or type requirements , 

And yet, every year this 
proverbial ballon of enthusiasm 
just seems to pop into bitter 
disappointment for all of us. For 
indeed, Academia beckons us to 
pursue "an enlightenment through 
knowledge" and so, consequently, 
we all dutifully hit the books. By 
doing so, we believe, "we will be 
better off in the future (a familiar 
cliche for many of you, I am sure). 

For eumple, a single graduate 
student without other assets or 
income would qualify for a $4,700, 9 
month, 50% TA work study award. 
If students have dependents or 
other emergency expenses, they 
will quslify for additional aid; if 
they have additional resources, 
they will qualify for less aid. The 
confusion about the TA work study 
eligibility seems to be most 
prevalent in those cases where 
students have legitimate expenses 
above the $4,700 TA salary. In 
these cases, students should meet 
with the graduate counselor in our 
office (Barry King, No. 214 MC) 
and document those expenses. If 
their expenses exceed $4,700 and 
are within the guidelines, they will 
be eligible to apply for loans (GSL 
or NDSL) . This increased 
eligibility is particularly ac-
ceptable in the case of illness or 
accidents. 

Secondly, I can't understand the These are just three examples of 
For edltorl.l ; call 452·3466; tor 

business and display ad ... rtisoments. 
eall 452-3468. statements about 50% cuts in T As how easily the truth can be ob-

and sections in departments like scured. The facts are that the 1..:;;;;;;:;;;;:;;;;:;;;;:;;;;:;;;;:;;;;:;;;;:;;;;:;;;;:;;;;:;;:.1 

The world of academia and in-
tellect is, in my humble opinion, 
one of the most significant con-
tributers to our general well being 
today. To perpetuate such a 
system is Wldoubtedly something 
we all believe in, otherwise we 
wouldn't be at UCSD. But must we 
always all go to such an extreme as 
to totally ignore social interaction? 
Why must UCSD slip into a 
sickening quagmire of apathy and 
an anathema of interaction? One of 
the most important functions of 
student life is to enable students to 
interact with each other not only as 
students per Ie, but as fellow 
human beings as well. 

It was with this belief that EAB, 
a social service club, was fonned 
last year. The hope underlying the 
formation of the group was to 
provide the student population with 
an outlet to interact with one 
another as weU as provide con-
structive services to outside 
groups. Among the services and 
functions performed last year by 
EABwere: 

1) the showing of several motion 
pictures on campus for student 

[Continued on Page 8) 

The other confusion associated 
with this program exists in those 
cases where the TA is less than 
50% time. Students' TA per-
centages of time are determined 
by ~ department in which they 
teach and are not decided by SFS. 
Regardless of the percent of the 
TAship, SFS is responsible for 
insuring that departments pay 
work study students for each hour 
worked. 

The TA Work Study model may 
not be an easy or comfortable 
process. Students and departments 
are required to complete forms 
and comply with funding source 
requirements. This program does 
not address the T A funding 
discrepancies between UCSD and 
other UC campuses. This is a 
matter for the Governor and the 
Regents to solve. However, this use 
of work study for TA's does meet 
the very important criteria of more 
money for more UCSD graduate 
students and more'! A support for 

[Continued on Page 8] 

fCl11 film ()J>f?(lIIl~ 
Fridoy: THE STING 

with Paul Newman & Robert Redford 

Mandeville Center Auditorium 7:00 & 10 pm 

Soturdo,Y: logQmor Bergmoo's 

$1.00 

SCENES FROM A MARRIAGE 
starring Liv Ullman, Erland Josephson & Bibi Andersson 

Mandeville Center Auditorium 8 pm only $1 also 

~ 
I 
~ 

uc 
SO 

THE 
UCSD CATHOLIC 
COMMUNITY 

AI ,eryice, (except the 10:30 Ma •• ) .ill be lIelel at 
the U.i.enlty-Comntlmity ad at tile Corner of 
Torny Pines and La Jon. SIIore. Dri ... Tlte 10:30 
M ••• i. held on c.pu. at the NORTH CONFERENCE 
ROOM of STUDENT CENTER. 

SPECIAl NOff: Sept. 2. - '0:00 MalHl,yille C,,,ter 
1·2'0 

(8:30.nd 10:30 M ..... cancelled this Sunday) 
Staff: R,y. Bernard J. C .... ,h

"

, _. 

Rey. George F. Simon" 
Mr. John .elleher • Litv'1ica1 Coordinator 
Add,. .. : Bldg. U07, Matthews C.mpus, 

Office of .ellll", AHalrs 
Phone 452-2521 or 452-2548 



Page four 

At Larf e: John H. Taylor 

Oh, Brother 
It is not, as they say, tlJe Slime anymore. 
'lbe Uttle store in Blbke Hall - so helpful when you need cheetos or 

deodorant - has taken on a ll the trappings of a big store. They have 
turnstiles that make yo" feel guilty for even considering the notion of 
going inside,an ' in' door and an 'out' door and wann pop. 

1bey also won't let you bounce checks anymore. You have to go over to 
the cashier's office, where they peer over their reading glasses and read 
your bank balance in your guilty eyes. They have a direct line to all the 
bank computers and trap doors in front of their windows. 

The ReveUe College snake bar is now what we ought to call a 
delicatessen. It is very serene in there ; one feels compelled to order in 
hushed tones, and feels embarassed that he had ever ordered a ham-
burger. Official food service policy, it appears, precludes hamburgers. 

The food is good, I think. It is not cheap; if you've got anything less than 
95 cents you are relegated to tuna fish spread, or maybe a 2O-cent hard 
boiled egg or 15-cent pickle. They could never make hamburgers in there 
as good as the Coffee Hut's, anyway ; perhaps it's better for our stomachs 
that they got out of the fast food market. 

But I never bus my own tray anymore. They ought to be able to hire 
more help now. • •• 

A press re lease from the UCSD flaks reads as follows: "Nearly 7500 
und~rgraduate students of the University of California, San Diego will 
begm classes Sept. 22 in an atmosphere of confidence and growth one 
administrator calls exciting." 

Oh, brother, we said. I suppose you have to project a contented picture 
on the outside - the EI Cajon Daily Californian, for instance, may run this 
story. However, let us be more honest. 

" Nearly 9500 students of UC San Diego will begin classes Sept. 22 in an 
atmosphere of fiscal cutbacks and anger one administrator calls 
frightening." Or boring, or silly, or anything but exciting. 

" In the wake of cutbacks by Gov. Brown, Third College Unit II planning 
has not begun yet and the building of Fourth College is as near as the next 
Ice Age. 

" Hundreds of frustrated graduate students will gather Wednesday in 
the Revelle plaza to complain about limited TA funds . The department 
chairmen are clamoring. 

" Additionally, UCSD is getting a lot of bad press, and the Friday 
movies now cost $1, pissing everyone off." 

Of course, the EI Cajon Daily Californian would never print that. Nor 
would the Triton TiInes, for that matter. We must be fair. 

••• 
This column, this year, was conceived as sort of a media watch, but my 

subscriptions haven't started yet so I'm stalling. 
However, the Fortnightly Presidential Pot-Shot in northern California, 

or the press coverage of it, deserves some attention, mainly because it 
has been so bad. 

We are not supposed to like Lynette Fromme. Most of us do not like 
Lynette Fromme, or what she believes in , because most of us are not as 
extreme as she is. But the media - broadcast and print, and I'm sorry to 
admit that the latter has this time matched the usual shoddiness of the 
former - two weeks ago embarked on the most embarassing, unfortunate 
campaign of bad coverage [have ever seen. 

-Nicknames. From the little I know about journalism, if [ had been 
covering this story I would have written either 'Fromme' or 'Miss 
Fromme,' depending on how provincial my newspaper's style was. But 
just about everywhere they call her 'Squeaky.' 

Sure, you give respect only when it's due, and she's a pathetic little 
worm. I know. But if the President dropped the bomb on Peking they'd 
still write 'Mr. Ford' in the papers, even though half the reporters on 
Capitol Hill call him 'lunkhead.' 

-Channel 7 Eyewitness News (Los Angeles), with their home y little 
" just like family" approach to reporting death, riots, earthquakes and 
rape, devoted more time to ripping Fromme apart than they gave to 
sports, a remarkable - for television, that is - ordering of priorities. For 
ten minutes they sat, grimacing and sneering, and discussed her in 
sarcastic, hateful tones. 

-Tom Lawrence, Channel 8, San Diego. Same a pproach, but more 
loveable. 

-CBS radio. Lowell Thomas, who must be 147 years old by now, forgot 
the 'attempted' and called the event an 'assasination.' They should have 
pulled him offthe air ten years ago. 

-Newsweek. Printed a shot of Fromme posing nude with her room-
mate, in a context that implied the most rude kind of perversion 
imaginable. They were sitting there, looking a trlfle uncomfortable. 

Sort of, "Dear honey-in-the-service, this is something to think of when 
you're trying to avoid getting your head blown off." Hardly perverse. 

-Everyone kept misquoting her.' ''It didn 't go off, it didn't go off,' 
'Squeaky'said with frustration," they reported. From all I 've been able to 
determine, she said " It didn't go off, it didn't go off, go easy on me," 
rather plaintively. It is an important distinction - between expressing a 
frustrated intent to kill or some other emotion not connected, perhaps, 
with intent. 

- The fi rst person I saw who correctly emphasized that the gUll could 
not have killed - that it was not technically a case of attempted murder 
but of making a threatening motion with a weapon - was Bob Dunn, 
Channel 2 in Los Angeles. He carefully analyzed the JXjssibilities, and 
indicated that the pro>ccution would have to establish that it was either 
nervousness or a lack of familiarity with the weapon that caused there to 
be no bullet in the cha:nber. But he made this analysis two full days after 
the incident. Every'" here else, including the venerable Los Angeles 
Times, it was " 'Squeaky' Attempts to Kill Ford." The distinction is not 
made here; indeed, they didn't even use the standard 'allegedly.' 

And finally, the mo 1t riisturbing item: from a story the next day in the 
Times by usually profeSSional political writer t.ieorgt: Gkclt~n . In a letter 
to a SF radio statior , "The Manson followers sa id they were "mad" 
(meaning angry) at N,ixon." The double entendre could have been 
avoided simply by SJbltituting 'angry' for 'mad.' Except, when you 
consider how thoroug,:aly trained good newspapennen are to think out the 
implications of each .yord they write, you begin to wonder if the double 
meaning was acciden.al or not. 

All in all, a very bad perfonnance. Monday's event was handled more 
professionally - the contestant this time began a more respectable, 
middleaged type who did not associate with mass murders. However, the 
discr epancy between the coverage of the two stories leads me to believe 
the gentlemen and ladies of the press allowed their professional and 
moral disgust with Charles Manson get in the way of their judgement. 

They said two years ago that Nixon aud his subordinates were " tried in 
the press." F romme got even better treatment. They could allow a 
change of venue to Nome, Alaska now and it wouldn 't do any good. 

Wednesday, September 2~, 1975 

Will Block Allergies 

New Drug Developed at UCSD 
A drug apparently capable of 

blocking the effects of allergies in 
humans has been developed by 
researchers at the UCSD medical 
scllool, it was annoWlced last 
month. 

15f: Robert N. Hamburger, head 
of the division of Pi!diatric 1m-
mWlology and allergy at UCSD, 
has synthesized the drug - an 
aminoacid sequence called a 
pentapeptide - in a vaccine, and 
says it could be ready for the 
commercial market within three to 
six years. 

Hamburger told reporters the 
sequence will block all allergens 
from pollen to house dust. He 
added the drug could be effective 
for persons allergic to bee stings 
and penicillin. 

The researcher - who was aided 
by protein chemist Russel F. 
Doolittle, M.D. -- said the 
development of the drug is the 
culminiation of eight years of 
frustrating and complex work. The 
research with peptide sequences 
that led directly to the discovery 
was started three years ago. 

Dr. Robert Hallburger, a medical Ichool doctor whOle new 
dllcovery will control almolt all allergic reactlonl in humanl. 

Because the experiments were 
kept secret at the insistence of the 
Univers ity's patent board, 
Hamburger was forced to use 
himself, members of his family 
and friends as test subjects. The 
patent for the drug, filed by UC, is 
pending. 

Essentially, the pentapeptide 
acts to keep allergy-producing 
molecules from attaching to cells. 

The drug - a series of five amino 
acids - blocks Immunoglobulin E, 
the substance that causes allergic 
reactions. 

Only six people were tested with 
the drug, says Hamburger, but he 
trusts the results are significant. 
" We are confident that we have 
identified a usable amino-acid 
sequence," he said. "On the basis 
of sheer chance alone, the odds of 
all of them (the subjects) showing 
the same results are statistically 
very remote. II 

Hamburger said his experiments 

* NOTicES * 
Duplicate Bridge . Sunday nights New courses offered: Bio. 136, 
7 :00 p.m . Revelle North Dining Invertebrate Zoo logy; See fall 75 
Hal l. Freshmen welcome. revised schedule of classes. 

Fil m, " Where Are You Going?" Come to Shabbat .- Friday .night, 
and Christian fellowship open to Sept . 26 at 7:00 ~m in.'he MUir Apt. 
everybody thiS Sundo 7'00 TV lounge. Danclng.slnglng -food. y, . p.m ., 
Un ivers ity-Community Church , 
9595 l a Jolla Shores Drive. Triton wargaming Society- meeting 

every Thursday 6 p.m. at Tioga 
The internat iona l club will have on Hall, room 102. 
Friday even ing Sept. 26 at the I 
center a slide show of the recent 
orientation party . 

Free dr inks, tea , coffee and 
some food w i ll be avai lable. 

.UCSD Society of Fantasy and 
Science Fiction meets in lounge 
Conference Rm, Student Center 
9/ 30 at 6p.m. 

Visual ~ts 'DepartmeQt 
Sc~edule C~aQges 

NEW COURSE: 
VA lOSC • Advanced Drawing M/W 1:00 - 3:50 MC605B Barbara 
Strasen. Course code will be available in Visual Arts Office 

TIME CHANGES: 

VA I06B will now be offered on M/W 9:00 -12:00 ra tber than T/TH 
9: 00 -12: 00 

ROOM CHANGES: 

VA 5 [ntro. to Painting will now be in HL Gallery rather than USB 
2622. 

Patel Is 
UCSan 
buzz off 
29 times . t)1 

/" Headed for northern ad. ..,' California (or l.A., Burbank, Long Beach, 
~" Ontario)? Call your campus rep or PSA and 

.. ------ .. ~ tell them you want to buzz otf. PSA gives you a li lt. 

focused on a colleague, Dr. W. 
Virgil Brown, an associate 
professor of medic.ine at UCSD who 
is allergic to guinea pigs. Serum 
from Brown was injected into 
Hamburger, and with ad-
ministration of the penta peptide an 
almost complete blockage of the 
allergic reaction was achieved. 
The same test was perfonned on 
family members and friends . 

Hamburger said that all 
Inununoglobulin E molecules are 
essentially the same, making the 

(Continued on Page 8J 

EAB will have its init ial assembly 
meeting this Thursday evening at 
B:OO p.m. in the Student Center 
Conference Room. All interested 
people are urged to attend. 

SEMINAR ON BASIC CHRISTIANITY 
begins today, 7:30 p.m., at 
University-Commun ity Church, 
9595 lo Jallo Shores Drive, across 
the street from Urey Hall. Campus 
Pastor John Huber of the University 
lutheran ministry will lead the 9-
week study and discussion 
program . A ll are welcome. Free. 
For details, coli 453-056 1, 459-8855 
or 452·2521 . 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone 583·LIFE 24 hrs 

Free counseling, study room 
and speakers 

THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE 

ofthe 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 

is looking for qua lified 
me n a nd women to be: 
politicaVlabor officers 

economists 
administrative officers 

consular officers 
and (or Ihe U.S. lnrorma l1on ",eney 

information/cultura l officers 
Work-and sorve- in Washington a nd 
overseas. You must be an America n 
citizen and 21 lor 20 if you have 
completed your iunior year) in order 
to take the written examination which 
will be given this year on December 6. 
Entering pay levels a re betwoen 
$IO,520and $14.745. Applica tions for 
the Decembor examination mus t be 
submi tt ed by Octobe r 31. For 
additionol information end applica-
tions write to , 

Ooard of Exa miners 
Room 7000 

D partmen t of Stote 
W8~hln~ton . D.C. 20520 

Wednesday, September 2~, 1975 

$1 a month student checking. 
Here's a checking plan that's 

designed especially for students. For a 
dollar a month, you can write as many 
checks as you want wi th no minimum 
balance required. 

You will get a statement every 
month. And if you decide not to 

write checks over the ummer, th re' 
no monthly service charge at all. 
We'll still keep your account open, 
even if there' no money in it, until 
you return to school in the Fall. 

We also have a Ma ter Charge 
credit plan for sophomores, junior , 

seniors, and graduate students. It 
provides extra money when you need 
it - a good way to build credit 
tanding. Plu you can have overdraft 

pr tection on y ur checking account 
at no additional co t unti l you use it. 

Wells Fargo Bank 
La Jolla Office, 7602 Girard Avenue, La Jolla 

Page t lve 



f'age IllI 

At Spreckels 
-,-

Sinfonia Announces '75-'76 Programs 
The La Jolla Sinfonia has an-

nounced the prtgrams for its 
upcoming 8e881·n, "Sinfonia at the 
Spreckela 75n&, to 

The series ,- at the historic 
Spreckela 'Ibel1ter In downtown 
San Diego - will Include six 
Saturday evening concerts under 
the baton of Maestro John Garvey 
and two Thursday evening 
celebrity recitals, 

Sinfonia Board President has 
announced that the orchestra's 
trustees have accepted the 
responsibility of raising $50,000 to 

ALBERT SCHWEITZER 
By James Brabazon 
Putnam, $12.95, 509 pp. 

provide funds . required for the 
inaugural season at the Spreckels. 

"The board agreed to keep ticket 
prices at previous levels even 
though a lengthened season, artists 
01 more prominence and per-
fOnning in the Spreckels have 
increased costs considerably," 
said Johnston. "However, we felt 
the benefits to the public inherent 
in these changes justified the 
raising of the added funds . To 
start, the trustees have pledged 
$10,000," headded. 

Individuals are being urged to 

Albert Schweitzer never asked to be a guru. It took the American press 
and a public desperately in search of a modern hero to make him one, and 
he did not care for the role. Near the end of his life, his opinion was being 
sought on every political, social and scientific issue of any importance-
and many of no importance-and Schweitzer himself was ingenuously 
amazed by the authority his voice had come to command. 

This was fine as long as the guru was right. But when he was wrong-as, 
in retrospect. he was when he publicly supported Moise Tshombe and the 
Katanga rebels who seceded from the Congo in 1962-faith in "The 
Greatest Man in the World" (as Time magazine had titled him) began, 
predictably, to wane. The detractors had always been there, and now 
they became more vocal. 

Myths are easy to destroy (although Schweitzer's proved more durable 
than most), and by now-after nwnerous biographies, encomiums, 
journalist's accounts and psychological studies-we know both the best 
and the worst aspects of Schweitzer's character. The controversies-
which, after all, are usually attempts to separate man from myth-
continue to the present. 

Was Schweitzer a selfless, compassionate humanitarian or a con-
descending, autocratic egoist? Were the methods and equipment used at 
the Lambarene hospital hopelessly backward and sub-standard, or was 
Schweitzer a far-sighted manager who saw that the needs of the Gabon 
were not necessarily those of the white world? Has the widespread 
neglect of his theological writings been deserved? Was Schweitzer's 
belief in "Reverence for Life" [Ebrfurebt vor dem Leben) a realizable 
philosophy for life in the twentieth century or merely the dreamy con-
coction of a mildly eccentric old man? 

To these and all of the other questions Brabazon answers as Schweitzer 
would have wished-with the cool, direct eye of reason , His unassuming 
style and unemotional approach to what are still highly emotional suI>-
jects will probably make this a valuable biography for later generations. 
Brabazon can say, like Wordsworth, that he has at all times looked 
steadily at his subject. 

The author, a British television producer, has conducted interviews 
with many people who were close to Schweitzer, and he had access to 
papers not previously available. But these are almost the least notable 
things about his biography, for he is at his best when closely analyzing 
Schweitzer's p~blic writings-including even the early theological works, 
grown musty With neglect, and the treatises on Bach and 'Organ-building. 

Schweitzer once said that no one could truly know him who had not seen 
him in the jungle-and this biography allows us that privilege, too. What 
we see. is less than mythic but more than human. Rather it is quin-
tessentially human, for Brabazon who carefully avoided the melodrama. 
No scenes of ostentatious self-sacrifice or missionary zealotry, Nor do we 
find any noble savages. (Rampant theft was one of Schweitzer's most 

per~istent problems, workers were notoriously lazy, and most of the 
patients at Lambarene obstreperously ignored the sermons they were 

Continued on Page 8] 
I 
J PARKING 

Parking pernits are required on University Property 7 AM to 5 PM 
Mon.-Fn. E l:cept for areas posted otherwise. 

'S' permits are valid in YELLOW STRIPED spaces or areas 
ONLY. (See campus map, ) Parking meters require money, 

C~TATIONS :'RE ISSUED [or illegal parking familarize yourself 
With the par {Jng regulations. 

PLEA!jE CONTACT THE PARKI1'lG 
OFFICE FUI( ANY PARKINC RELATED 
P1U)HtEM . ON EXTE !jlON 4,223 ()f( 
~T()P BY In,DC NO 400 MATTHEWS 

pJedge gifts over the ten month 
concert season and corporations 
are being offered season boxes In 
return for major sponsorships, 
accordin, to Johnston. 

Igor Kipnis, regarded as this 
era's foremost harpsichordist, will 
be the featured soloist at the 

Ihha. ',rlllllln 

Eugenia Zukerman 

season's gala opening Friday. He 
will perform the Francis Poulenc 
Concerto Champetre for harp-
sichord and orchestra. For opening 
night Maestro Garvey has also 
programed Bizet's Symphony No. 1 
in C major and Copland's 
Appalachian Spring. 

Guitarist-lutenist Julian Bream 
will appear in solo recital on 
October 16, playing a number of 
selections from among his nineteen 
RCA Victor albums and famed 
repertoire. The occasion will mark 
Bream's first San Diego per-
formance in almost a decade. 

Prokofieff's Lieutenant Kije 
Suite and Mozart's Symphony No. 
29 in A major are scheduled for 
November 8, along with the San 
Diego debut of duo-pianists Mona 
and Renee Golabek who will 
perform the Poulenc Concerto in D 
minor for two pianos and or-
chestra. 

January 29 is the date of Itzhak 
Perlman's violin recital - the 
program is yet to be announced. 
Perlman is recognized to be one of 
the most outstanding performing 
violinists in the world. 

Flutist Eugenia Zukerman will 
play Mozart's Concerto in G major 
with the orchestra on February 21. 
In addition the orchestra will play 
Ravel's Le Tombeau de Couperin 
and Saint-Saens' Carnival of the 
Animals. 

meeting on 
GrQnts for 
Groduote 

Stud~ 
Abrood 
All interested 

students invited 
Thu(sdo'y 

Sept 25 4-5:30 
Internotionol Center 

Wednesday, Sep'ember 24, 1975 

, : .. 1 
., , 

Drama Department 
Its Hopes are High 

The UC San Diego drama 
department enters the 1975-76 
school year with an expanded 
faculty and expanded hopes. 

Besides having a recently 
renovated U~D Theatre to work 
in, the department has added four 
new members to its already strong 
faculty of seven: These new 
members make it possible for the 
Drama Department to offer many 
new courses, some in areas not 
possible in past years. 

One of the new members is Jorge 
Huerta, from UCSB, who brings 
the Chicano Teatro to U~D for the 
first time. Also new are Luther 
James, who will help expand the 
Black Drama offerings; Mary 
Corrigan, for work in voice 
training; and Yen Lu Wong, who 

will offer a class in the Asian 
Theatre. 

The first major production of the 
school year will be "Camino 
Real," directed by department 
chainnan Arthur Wagner. It will 
be presented to the public from 
November 14 to the 23. Auditions 
will be held Tuesday and Wed-
nesday 01 thla week (see calendar) 
and are open to the entire student 
body. 

Clarification 
The movie "Walls of Fire" 

llsted on the calendar for 
Wednesday at a and 10:30 pm is 
playing at the Unicorn Theatre 
in La Jolla . Also playing, at 7 
and 9:35 is a documentary on 
the life of Picasso. 

GSU RALLY 
REVB.LE PlAZA 

WID 12NOON 
Find out what tlte Regents 

refused to hear 

TRiTON TiMES 
ClAssifiEds 

Rules and Kales 

Classifieds should either be printed or typed on a 3"x 5" card 
(available in Triton Times office). They may be submitted 
anytime between 9 and noon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The following rates are for 100 spaces - if you use more 
spaces, the rate will double. (100 spaces- .~; 101 to 200- .~). 

PersOnals - $1 
Lost and Found - free 
other ads : students -.~ 

nonstudents - $1 
Deadlines: 5 pm Friday for Monday; 5 pm Monday for 

Wednesday; 5 pm Wednesday for Friday. 
Announcements: free. All announcements will run in the 

Monday calendar. Deadline for calendar: 5 pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections to listings in the Schedule of 

Classes for. regular University courses will be charged $1.) 

WANTEd 
Please let me tape your "Perfect 
Harmony". Excellent EQulptment. Ted 
666 Argo. (9124) 

Appointment secretaries lor part time -
2 hrsl evening max 101 wk hours 
flexible. Making appOintments by 
telephone for college Mas ter program. 
Preler So . or Jr. Call Mr. Howerton 270-
6800 . 011 ice located at 4501 Mission 
Bay Dr. Suite 3·A. Call for Interview 
belween 2·4. (9126) 
Wanted ~ Drama critic to review play 
lor TI . Call Dan X3466 or come 10 IT 
01 lice. 9122, 24,26 

LOST It FOUNd .' 
Lost I forgot my bubble Bear In front of 
the Bookstore Ihe week before school. 
Please leave In IT olflce. This Bubble 
Bear Is very Important. P lease I! I (912.1) 

lIousiNG 
Roomate wanled: Apt. In Del Mar 7~ 
monthly utilities Inc Would share room 
nonsmoker 13754 Mango *330 no 
phone yet . (9124) 
Cottage for rent , Four rma plus bath 
S1651mo. Solana Beach ~1386 
(evenings) (9124) 
Roomates wanted duplex on baach 
female Del Mar $77 00 mo. Come by 
222 251h st . eve. or leave home & phone 
* In oll·Campus ollice (9 124) 
Four fabulous furry f",aka flavor 'or 
londllng friendly lem.le fifth Fone 436-
3516 (9124) 

We (2F) are looking for a place to live. 
Preler Del Mar-La Jolla-PB house 
shared with others (MIF) SI00lmo 
each . Call Marika or Peggy at 452-2668, 
(9124) 

Skis (Bermuda shorts, 180 cm), 
Soloman 444 bindings, & scott po les, 
5150 , all never used . (5225 new) ; ph. 
452·8011 eves. F or Billy (9124) 
For Sale '66' Oldsmobile F85 5475 Call 
75~7697 (9124) 
Elton John ConcertI! SO Sports Arena 
G-29 Better prices and locations than 
... y competitor . 270-7855 (9129) 
Full size mattress and box spring . very 
cheap. Call Dave at 48HE11 . (9124) 
Color "TV . Brand new solid siale Curtis 
Mathis -13". Relalls for 5318, Asking 
only 5230 Call 295·0628 (9124) 
Gibson mahogony and hard shell case 
5180. 436·3516 (9124) , 

• SERVICES 
Ripped-oil Irom Career Planning . 
Friendly creeping charlie plant In 8 Inch 
black pol plus a 10'· earth-red plastic 
POI wllh 5 ft. macrame rope from 
hallway 01 MC 412 , If you see such a 
specimen pi se ask where .,he g0111. 
michael 452·3750. 9122112 

PERSONAL 
WW Let's keep In touch - C (9124) 

Wednesday, September 24, 1975 • rlfon .1111(~ Page seven 

I 
1 

J( 



Page eight 

\ 
! 

BRG Fu ding 
to Begin. 

The Budi';et Resources Group 
has set September 26 and October 3 
as the deadlines for funding 
requests by student organizations. 
In order to request fWlding, a 
student organization must re-
register for the current school year 
by filling out a student 
organizations form at the student 
center. Representatives of student 
organizations must also attend an 
orientation at the student center on 
how to submit a request for fun-
ding. Four such orientations will be 
held; two will be held on Wed-
nesday and Friday at 1: 30. The two 
remaining orientations will be held 
next week. The orientation will 
provide organizations with the 
necessary information on 
requesting fWlds for the full 
quarter. 

TT Staffers 
Sought 

Interested in low pay, a 
somewhat tedious glamour, and 
the supreme challenge? 

The Triton Times is seeking 
personnel, qualified or otherwise, 
interested in becoming members 
of its depleted staff. Positions are 
currently and always available for 
those seeking fame and fortune as 
news wliters, sports writers and 
arts writers. Dollars, though 
minimal in number, are available 
to many of the writers, though not 
guaranteed. 

In addition to writing positions 
there are a few paid positions as 
production assistants. As always, 
the Triton Times business 
department needs bodies to sell 
ads. Ad salespersons receive a 10 

EAB ... 
enjoyment, (e.g. The Producers 
and Horsefeathers] ; 2) serving as 
official hosts during the opening of 
the new Mandeville Center; 3) 
serving in an ushering capacity for 
programs sponsored by the 
Campus Programming Board; 4) 
participating in the Big Brother 
program in the San Diego area; 5) 
participating in the local SLOBB 
(Stop Litter on Our Bays and 
Beaches; 6) manning the voting 
booths during last year's student 
referendum; 7) donating a sizable 
portion of EAB funding to the Day 
Care Center for toys and wood-
crafting supplies. 

Needless to say, EAB was a 
pretty active group last year. This 
does not mean, however, that it 
served purely in :1 philanthropic 
capacity. Indeed, EAB takes pride 
in establishing a tradition of 
throwing a party-dance for the 
UCSD community each quarter in 
Blake Lounge. With modesty, we 
quote one eloquent attendent who 
stated in a moment of frenzy, " You 
guys throw the best god-damned 
parties on campus." EAB hopes to 
continue such H deserving tradition 
in the future. 

In order to (ontinue, EAB needs 
to expand itl membership this 
quarter. To be onest, EAB will not 
be able to cor tinue as it did last 
year if the mellbership turnout is 
small simply because we are still a 
young and rela:ively small group. 

Specifically, this little letter is 
being directe.1 to all you new 
students on campus this year. Do 
not be lulled into a false sense of 
security that the social life here at 
UCSD will come to you. It won't. 
The only way to become an active 
participant in stUdent interaction 
is if you look for it. If you truly 
want to " get involved" EAB is 
such an opportunity for you. 

percent commission as well as a 
modest (very modest) weekly 
stipend. 

Articles by non-staff will be 
accepted but only with prior 
consultation with the appropriate 
editor. Letters to the Editor are 
accepted for publication without 
restriction unless, of course, they 
are either libelous or excessively 
long. 

Persons interested in selling ads 
should see the business manager 
while those interested in the other 
positions can just drop by the office 
for further information. The Triton 
Times is located in lower Blake 
Hall at Revelle College. Positions 
are available to community 
members. 

Gospel Choir 
To Appear 

" Celebrate Life," a special 
television production dramatizing 
the evolution of black music and 
featuring the work of Cecil Lytle 
and the UCSD Gospel Choir, is 
scheduled to be shown on Public 
Broadcasting, KPBS-TV ChaMel 
15, at 8 pm Tuesday, September 30. 
The show will repeat at 10:30 p m 
Wednesday, October 1. 

"Celebrate Life,'" directed by 
Ryall Wilson, combines the efforts 
of artists of the black community 
of San Diego and the students of 
UCSD's Third College. The 
program will present music, dance 
and words expressing feelings of 
black Americans about their 
African heritage, the impact of 
slavery, living in modem America, 
and how, as a people, they 
celebrate life. 

ws ..... 
our undergraduates. If these 
criteria are of primary im-
portance, students, departments, 
and staff will pull . together and 
utilize these funds. 

Support 
TT 

Advertisers 

Torrey Pines Office 
8939 Villa La Jolla Drive 

Wednesday, September 24, 1975 

Books ••• 
required to attend each SWlday.) 

What we find instead ls harmony-not of the type characteristic of 
Christian parables, but that harmony Schweitzer found attainable on 
earth in which a respect for life and a joy in living-at once practical and 
mystical-is taught and shared by the people whom blind chance has 
brought together to spend their brief time below. 

And how does the myth of Ie Grand Docteur fare? Even with the 
blemishes-and Brabazon makes a special point in finding them all-it is 
the stamina and the achievement of the man which prevail. If this is a 
sympathetic biography, we at least feel that the sympathy is well 
deserved. "He made his life his argument," Brabazon writes, and it was 
a convincing one.-Jolm Bloom. 

Energy ••. 
According to Pettus, the a~ 

proach of the conunittee ~owards 
energy conservation was "more 
academic than strictly ad-
ministrative, whereby a blanket 
policy would be initiated." That is, 
the conunittee recognized that the 
lights would nOt simply be turned 
off at 10 pm nor could the ther-
mostats be reduced in all 
buildings. 

GuldeUnes EatabUabed 
Guidelines for lighting levels 

were es~blished, cutting hallway 
lighting by 50% and classroom 
lighting to a nominal target. 
Outside lighting, as well as 
emergency indoor lighting will be 
maintained at the minimum levels 
consistent with safety and 
security. 

In tenns of temperature control, 
a ran e of '68° F to 78° F was 

established except where some 
situations require precise tc.'ll-
perature control. 

With careful scrutiny during the 
year a cumulative potential saving 
would amount to 3$-50%, says 
Pettus. 

Drug ••. 
drug effective against nearly any 
kind of allergin. 

At this point, he said, oral ad-
ministration of the drug is im-
possible becauae the enzymes of 
the stomach would "chew it up." 
He , said drug companies would 
have to find a solution to that 
problem. 

Hamburger said he is 
negotiating for further research 
with the drug with groups in the 
US, Canada, Sweden and England. 

John H. Taylor 


