
Classes Cancelled In Support 

GSU Continues 'Work Stoppage' 
by Charles Heimler 

News Editor 

two-day "work -~ toppag " by 
the Graduiltr tudent (G U) 
continue,> today a.. graduate 

~tude nts YE''itrrday stayed away 
Irom work , pIC k('ted, and an-
,wered question, r latlng to their 
demands aftN a noon rally which 
swelled to over 1,O<X) p ople 

Orga ni zer p tlmated that a~ 
many a Iwo-thlrds at grad did 
not tach e lIOn , attend cia 
lectures for which they T A , or 
carryon non s entlal re earch 

·,·throuah 
tomorrow ,t 
1IOOft. Put ...... 
in .... en" .... . 

yew ..... . 

Popkin Opposed As 
Communications Head 

Members of the Com-
ll1unlcation Student UnIOn (CSU) 
Monday pr s nted to the 
Chancellor d mands outlining 
communication program student 
and facul ty opposition to the 
appointment of political sCientist 
Samuel Popkin as coordinator of 
the program 

department chairman, told the 
Tn ton Time recently that Popkin 
- who IS now working on a major 
work about th Vietnam war and 
who has aid he will spend the 
bulk of hiS time In the next two 
years working on It - will serve as 
a member of the Com-
munication AdVisory Committee 
ne t year 

Reportedly , Popkin would take 
over the coordll1atorshlp for the 
1976-77 school year 

Today 's action Includ s a 
mar h to the hancellor's office 
to cOinc ide with cl 10 am meeting 
between the G U negotiating 
commltt and Chancellor 
McElroy 

And orne profe sors cancelled 
cia s e ion a ymbolic support 
for th GSU's demands 

Graduate students mel with the press in a Tuesday morning press 
conference in the Student center 10 explain their demands , A GSU 
meeting is set for today at 5 pm in 'USB 2622, 

The CSU has demanded that 
Popkin - recently hired as an 
acting associate professor of 
pol itical science for next year --
not receive th appointment of 
program coordinator, because of 
his alleged intent to alter the 
nature of communications study 
at UC an Diego. The com-
municatIOns course group has 
concurred With the substance of 
the demand 

Sanford Lakoff , poli sci 

I t has been reported that 
Popkin would support deem-
phasi of the media study aspect 
of the department. The CSU 
demands II1dlcate a deSIre to 
continue it. 

That demand was also sup-
ported by the course group 

To find a new candidate for 
communications coordinator, the 
CSU has asked that the present 
Commu nl ca tl ons Advisory 
Committee be dissolved In favor 
of a group composed of com-
munication faculty, a com-
munications student, the provost 
of Third College and faculty 
member'i from ociology, Visual 
arts, urban and rural studies and 
Third World studies 

Tho e demand Include 50 
pe rcent support for all grad 
tudent , tee and tui tion waivers, 

contrac ts sign d for the up-
coming year in the pring, and 
can tant TA-s tudent ratio. 

$8 million In the UC system, and 
up to $600,000 at UCSD campus, 
that could be u ed to ac-
commodate our demand The 
rea on the adminl tration doesn 't 
u e them is because they don't 
want to deal with people," said 
GSU member Mike Holzman. 

State Funds Are Key 
To Improving Activiti~s 

Chancellor Mc Elroy has refused 
to consider the demands, say 
GSU pokespeople , claiming that 
defiCienCies in Gov. Brown's 
budget are prohlbi tlve to the 
demands . on equently, the GSU 
called the work toppage to how 
their olldarity In achieVing their 
demand and maintaining quality 
education at UC D 

At ye terday's rally, the G U 
re IV d support from un-
dergraduate organ i zatio n s In -
cluding al-Plrg , Young Socia ll t 

Illan e" atlonal tudent 
Comml tt Again t Ra i m, the 
Women\ '(pnl('r , Black Stud nts 
Union, Mprha (o-op and 
Commu ni atlom tudent Union 

"WI;"rl;' ~aYlng that we, a'i 
t:raduatf> ~tudenh, Me an 
t''>sentlal tactor In th t'ducatlon 
01 peoplE' In thl' statp," G U 
memb r Phil Protter told th 
rally 

"Th 

The GSU held a press con-
ference ye terday morning for 
local media I n their statement, 
th y did not ca ll for a boycott of 
clas e by undergraduates and 
profe sor , however encouraged 
them to dlscu s the GSU's 
demands In cia ses 

" We wei ome any how of 
'iympathy With the goals of the 
G U that may take the form of 
elth r not attending or not 
trachlng clas~es," the s(a tement 
read 

Both at the rail and the news 
con lerenef' , G U spokemE'n 
claimed that only one tenth of 
ant' perc('nt of the . total UC 
budg t would be ne ded to 
realize the G U's alary demand 
-- whl h amount to b tween 
$500,000 and $600,000 . 

UCSD Undergoing 
Accreditation Procedure 

by Edward Simons 
Managing Editor 

Last April began the year of self-study and evaluation required by 
. the Accreditation Commission for Senior Colleges and Universities 
of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges . 

According to Wayne Gray, a planning officer for UC San Diego, 
this campus was last accredited in 1973. 1 he UCSD administration is 
hoping to get accreditation for a period of ten years. 

Accreditation i reqUired to be eligible for non-state fund and 
tederal financial assistance for students . 

UCSD was first accredited in 1%3. At that time, there were 
problem becau e the Academic Plan wa not ready and cou ld not 
be made availab le to the accreditation commission . Third Coli ge 
was partICularly hard to push because It didn 't have, in Gray's 
words, " adequate do umentation , or an approved program ." 

How the Campus Renews Itself 
A reclitation I mainly a If-eva luatlon procedure The com-
ml'>~lon, which IS formed by fa ulty member of various non-U 
co lleges and univerSities, I more concerned With the process by 
which the '>tudles of vanou departments and programs ar made 
than th f lila I con lu Ions of the studle " They are mOre intere ted 
In how the ampu renews Itself," sa id Gray 

DUring the accreditation pro e s, the chool under con Ideratlon 
I dsked to prepare reports and recomnwndations on that school ' 
department and programs The numb r of faculty I not th only 
deCiding factor The commls Ion also scrutll1ize laboratories and 
library re ources One new a pe t of the accreditation lOve tlgatlon 
"neE' 1973 has been to look at d U( (ampus 10 relation to other U 

tilll1pu~ ., 

Conti"lIed on'. 5 

by Greg Hicks 
Senior Reporter 

Whether there will be an 
improvement In the scope and 
effiCiency of activitie programs 
at UC an Diego next year 
depend largely on the action of a 
jOint legislative budget com-
mittee which I currently 
revlewmg Governor Brown's UC 
budget proposa Is . 

UCSD ha a ked for state funds 
becau e the Registration Fee 
($100 p r student p r quart r) 
doe not prOVide enough money 
to handl all 01 the actlvllJes 
programs on campu~ Right now 
'the ~Ituatlon has almost come to 
th bursting pOint, " accord1l1g to 
Mary De ker, an As I tant Ice 
Chancellor 111 th tudent Affair 
Offi e 

At present, ays Decker, there 
i a "f eling that the ampus 
student life ne d b tter u e of its 
activity money 0 that students 
have a greater choi ce of what to 
do " There should, she says, be 
more oft-campus activities like 
ski trips , visits to recreational 
parks , and attending per-
formances of the San Diego 
Symphony and the opera, which 
many students find difficult to 
plan because of lack of tran-
sportation . 

Decker would also 'Iike to see 
" increased opportunitie for 
students to get to know each 
other and the faculty ." Thi 
would includ Informal get-
togeth rs where food is prOVided, 
a well · a tudents II1teractlng 
with faculty in their hom s. The 
general aim of uc h program, 
o ker said , IS to bring tog ther 
th people who shar the U SO 
campu 

But ~u h Improv ment an 
only 0 ur if thE' 'i tatE' ptovld 
the necessa ry of I-loading funds to 
take the burden off of the Reg 
r e Mor taft I-)(>r onnE'1 as well 
a., dire t funding mon ar 
needed for Improvements at 
UC D The additional fund 
would come Irom th Edu atlon 
ret> (S 100 per ~tudent per quarter) 
and UCs General fund Th 
initial reque t lor th E'ntlre U 

ampu~ was tor S12 8 million to 
be .,hlfted from these other 
our (>'i to actlvltl now tund d 

by the R glee 

Such a shift was justified on the 
basis of the stipulation that the 
Reg Fee is supposed to be used 
for services which benefit the 
student but are not part of the 
instruction program However, 
because of enrollment Increases 
and new program needs, money 
ha been taken from the Reg Fee 
to support ducation-related 
programs 

The additional money would 
be used for campu -wide 
programs a well a the programs 
of the indiVidual college Each of 
th college dean originally asked 
for $4 ,000 In additional tund a 
that the programming boards at 
their colleg could devi e a 
great r quantlt and variety ot 
programs 

If the propo ed transfer of 
funds IS not granted th only way 
to continue to prOVide an 
adequate amount of money for 
tudent services program is to 

put the burden on the tudents 
Continued on . Pa~e 4 

In addition, the CSU has 
demanded that communications 
be given department tatus, a 
goal that has been defeated twice 
In AcademiC enate con-
siderations In the pa t 

Currentl y , Ince COI1l-
munlcation I a program , taculty 

member~ must b hired th, ough 
departments 

Lal..off aid hE' thought ther 
were ml under tanding over 
what Popkin hoped to do With the 
program Peopl become 
WOrried about their future when 
or71eone With Imagination comes 

In who' gOing to try to Improve 
things " 

Popkin I curr ntly teaching at 
the Univer ity of Texa . He ha 
written about the electoral 
ystem and the Vietnam war 

Activist Tom Hayden 
Announces for Senate 

by Mark Stadler 
Community Editor 

Antiwar activi t Torn Hayden, 
branding incumbent John Tunney 
(D-Ca) " the ymbol of the 
packaged politic ian ," de lared 
his candidacy for Tunney's enate 
eat in next year' election, in 

Balboa Park Monday aft rnoon . 
Earlier In the day, Hayd n an-
nounced hi andldacy In 
acramento, In rran i 0 and 

Lo AngelE' 
Hayden con d d hE' an 

underdog, but aid In th '60 he 
I arned "the Il11pO ibl an 
be ome the a hlevabl , With 
patlen , hard work and un-
hakable onvi tlon " 

He outlined 10 major POints for 
hiS campaign he In luded an T01ft Hayden ca"didate for 
e ten Ion of the Bill of Ri ght to tbe 5 ~ , . .. Ie 
protect peo~1 against " arbitrary c~r. cr,~·ut;vlI 
e On0l111 power," a guarant of 
a Job at "d nt wa' ," 'tax 
JU tl e," community contro l 0 er 
utilitl and worker ' con trol over 
oc upallonal health dnd af ty 
and "a nallonal en r 'Y poll y 
whi ch I~ not (on troll d by va t 
corporate monopollc 

Hayden blamro th " up r-

proflt-Orl ntE'd 
for the nation 
troubl , th 
unemployment 
III nta I orruptlon 

"flSI • 
overn-

The Indo hlna Peac am-
palgn atlOnal oordlnator 

Continued on ~ae 4 



Pap two Triton Times 

Letters to the Edi or 

Ri hardson: Wild-eyed Fanaticism 
After rea i Statl- Senator 

Richardson's leotter (TT, May 30) 
concerni ng the threat of 
aggressive hi>mosexuals, I felt 
obligated to clarify a few things. 

To begin with, if "aggressive" 
means determined and devoted 
to a cause, he is correct . Many 
people feel California ' s an-
tiquated sex laws are a direct 
infringement into their private 
lives. However, Mr. Richardson 
should not blindly assume the 
average gay or bisexual person is 
" aggressive" in his personal 
mannerisms. 

He expressed much concern 
over the GSA spokesman's 
alleged misunderstanding of the 
word " harassment." I'm sure most 
people wou Id agree tha t 
harassment is not when a gay 
person asks another person if he 
is gay. Harassment is when a 
plainclothed vice squad mills 
around a gay bar, intimidating its 
patrons . Harassment is when a 
person in a responsible position 
uses his office to , propagate 
prejudices . 

thday ." It should be pointed out 
that the percentage would be 
much higher than 85% for males 
"solicited" by women to par-
ticipate in a Mterosex ... 1 act. 
Futhermore, sexual exploration 
and experimentation is very 
common among early adolescent 
children . 

Finally, Mr. Richardson calls 
AB 489 the Homosexual Freedom 
Act of 1975. This is deliberately 
misleading. It does not pertain 
exclusively to gay people. It 
legalizes private sexual acts 
between consenting adults 
regardless of their sexual 
orientation . 

What Mr. Richardson has done 
is to portray the gay movement as 
a cold, immoral and promiscuous 
plague that threatens to destroy 

. our state and corrupt our 
children . He implied that a gay 
person can' t be morally upright, 
can't possess any religious 
convictions, can't control sexual 
desires ; and should therefore by 
legally restrained and registered 
with the state. It is unfortunate 
that he exemplifies the wide~yed 
fanaticism to which some people 
have resorted . 

Thank you for allOWing me to 
express my concern . 

M . MEGAN 

Richardson Aids Gay Cause ... 
I would like to thank you for your wondertul artlclt' (TT . M<lV .10) 

about the UCSD Gay Students' Associatlon 's " tnaccuracl(,~ " (on-
cerning Willie Brown's (AB 489) HOMOSEXUAL rREEOOl\f AU 01 
1975. 

I appreciate your help in this matter, and Invite you to ronttnup 
writi ng, as you are an invaluable asset to the GAY (AUS[, 

OON MILLER 

Wednesday, June 4, 1175 

Problems of World Transcend 
'Petty Bureaucratic Fiefdoms' 

For yeius we've been told that science and technology can't be 
judged by standards of morality ; they are only tools , as moral or 
immoral as the people that use them. 

Logically, this should lead us to question how science and 
technolOgy, i .e. scientists and technocrats (you and me, my friends) 
are being used. Instead, the amoral nature of science is ~aken .as an 
excuse a disavowal of all responsibility. The general aHltude In the 

univer~ity is that science isn' t responsible for the decaying cities, 
the dying oceans, or the perpetual war. We just did what we were ., 
paid to do. Just following orders . 

Before the war ended and money became tight, certain in-
terdisciplinary programs were started to ask questions like "What is 
really going on here? Where will it take us? Is that where WI! want to 
go? Why? Why not?" 

Some say "Why bother asking? We' ll never really know." The 
truth is that the decisions that will determine the answers are being 
made without the questions ever being asked. 

This academic year has witnessed a growing hostility by the 
university administration towards the segments of the faculty and 
students most likely pose que~tlons disturbi"g to the powers that 
be. Instructors in programs like Urban and Rurdl Studies, Com-
munications, and Political Science have been warned to keep their 
noses out of the real world . Those who would step out of the 
theoretical world should note the example of Dr. Pirages , who has 
been denied tenure for his views, in spite of excellent qualifications 
in both research and instruction. 

When will the administration open their terminCJJs and un-
derstand that the problems confronting this world transcend their 
petty bureaucratic fiefdoms? It is the universities duty to aid , .not 
obstruct those who are looking for answers beyond the dollar sign . 
Don't st~nd in the doorway, don't block up the hall...this ball's on 
FIRE! 

DAVID WAGNER . 
Mr. Richardson stated that 

... .. there would really be little 
problem if the homosexuals 
would only confine their sexual 
activity to the bedroom . But 
many of them do not ..... AB 489 
does not legalize sexual acts for 
anyone in public . I'm sure the 
majority of people (gay, bi and 
straight) are justified in finding 
such acts personally offensive. 

MEMBER, GSA #-____________ -=-______ -J 

... Urged to Avoid Judgments 
In reply to Senator Richardson 's letter appearing In the M ay 30 

Tri ton Times : 

UCSD Owes Much 
" Judge not, that you be not judged .. to Prof. Keith Brueckner 

Matthew 7 : vs 1 
IAMIE STEWART When I first came to work at 

He also said .. ... the current 
criminality of the acts make it 
possible for law enforcement to 
at leas t have a chance to keep 
overt homosexuals from 
'harassing' straight citizens who 

MI:MBER UCSD GSA UCSD, Keith Brueckner had just 
,..-__________________ ~--'---., I been appointed the Dean of the 

Ph . D Ad S School of Science and YSICS epartment erves Engineering . One can tell by the 
. d T h title that his charge then was to to Bnbe Undergra uates to eac hire scientists and engineers , and 

do not want to take part in their This university exists to further 
type of activity ." Again, AB 489 our knowledge of the world and 
removes criminal penalties for all to transmit this information -- in a 
private sexual acts betweel'\ . word : education. Those who have 
consenting adults . It does not studied and researched a subject 
legalize all sexual behavior - for many years and acquired 
public and private . A person can meaningful degrees In witness of 
still be arrested for lewd or this effort should, given a 
disorderly conduct. modicum of communicati on 

I n regard to gay teachers, he ability, make the best educators . 
said, "Once these preierences are Professors and graduates usually 
sanctioned by legislation, the fit this definition , not un-
s tuden ts are going to be dergraduates. 
vulnerable to those homosexual The physics department has 
teachers who want to spread their attempted - via its ad in the June 
message ." If " spread their 2 issue of the Triton Times -- to 
message" means students will be cheapen the UCSD degree by 
sexually assaulted I respectfully ~o I i c i tl n gun derg rad u ate 
submit that the vast majority of replacements for qualified 
these unfortunate incidences professors and graduates. 
involve heterosexua I con- Vice-chancellor Saltman and 
frontations . If it means the the administration undoubtedly 
students will be taught to find it economically ad-
question stereotypes and vantageous to bribe un-
generalizations, then let's pray to dergraduates, particularly in light 
God itcomes about. of the spectacular rise of the 

Another misleading statement Graduate Student Union and the 
was .... . it was found that 85 % of Graduate Student Council 's TA 
the males interviewed reported Bill of Rights, but by accepting 
they had been solicited by a this offe! the undergraduate will 
homosexual to participate in a unquestionably demean 
homosexual act. Of the males education at this campus . Physics 
solicited , more than 66 % is difficul t enough even with 
reported that the solicitation experienced educators. 
occurred before their 16th bir- We write this letter to inform 

I 
I:dward Simons 

M.n."in"edito, 

Charles Heimler 
N_ •• ditor 

Sr:raJ. Lowen 
Edltorlel director 

Mark Stadler 
.. Community Mlto, 

Paul Wagner 
Spone edit", 

John}!. Taylor ' 
Edltor-in-chief 

James G, Soto 
City editor 

Photo editor 

everyone that there will be 
- qualified physics (as well as 

APIS&AMES) graduate students 
available next year to teach these 
courses, and that there is no 
excuse for the physics depart-
ment trying to avoid paying TA's 
by substituting undergraduates. 

al though it is now easy to say that 
this is not what we should have 
done, the post-S putnick era was 
not 1975. 

However, as one who has many 
interests beside science, Dean 
Brueckner very soon broadened 
his charge into one that included 
the development of a more_ 
general liberal arts program . He 
became the Dean of the First 
College - later Revelle . \ 

MICHAEL J. ELCAN, PHYSICS No administrator cou ld have 
GRADUATE STUDENT COUNCIL given more enthusiastically of 

himself to the task of hiring the 
faculty and planning the 

RICHARD MUC;HOTZKY, curriculum for the first un-
HYSICS dergraduates . Only the best was 

'Proof' of Resurrection is 
in Historical Writings, Documents 

am writing this letter 
regarding the recent discussions 
of whether or not the resurrection 
of Jesus Christ is "provable" or 
"disprovable." 

I wish to assert that it is. No 
one living saw Alexander the 
Great's conquests, yet few doubt 
that they occurred . What "proof" 
do we have? Historical 
documents and writings of the 
time . Disregarding the possible 

siaff w.1'iJers 
Eli •• beth Chiment 

DeveEllen 
Aut. Sptl. Ed. 

Ste ... Elmedlne 
Mer"eret H_ey 

Clift Hlrlch 
Nency Hodlon 
Che,lel Hyd. 
Crel" Jec"lon 
Oe,ry Kentor 
CIe,enc. King 
S.bNI .... n 
Jim Nuc"oll 
Jerry Redich 
ScottSedil 

Dllniel Shew .... 
Jim ItIipmen 

MettS_m_ 
C,.. Uchlclll 

PettlWoIf 
RloherdYep 

Senior Reporter 
-0, .. Hick. 

Prodltction 
Kathy Cn •• 
Anne Licbie, 

KerenMeiemud 
Robert McC.iI 

\A .. t. Men". Ed.' 
Sonje N .. h 

Oenlel Shewler 
8illWilion 
Business 
GI ... " BellY 

Eltelie He' • .,. 
Oellien Moore 

Grecl. Velvl"-'on 
IAut. lUI, Mong,' 

Ph;~r:,hY 
DlinlNP ... 

religiOUS or spiritual implications 
- not being prejudiced either way 
by them, but regarding this as 
nothing more than a possible 
event in history - the same sort of 
historical documents can be used 
to prove or disprove the 
resurrection . By studying the 
ci r'cumstances surrounding the 
claimed resurrection and writings 
and documents of the time, it is 
possible to draw conclusions 
concerning whether or not thi~ 
event occurred; conclusions that 
are as strong ly supported 
histori cally as many events 
routinely accepted. 

I urge many to consider this 
event seriously , for when Jesus ' 
discip les began to preach 
Christianity after Christ's death, it 
was not a moralistic " love thy 
neighbor" phi losophy that they 
emphasized, but a claim that 
Jesus Christ raised ,from the dead 

If the esurrection did not occur, 
then Christianity (s a fraud, and 
Christians are the most cruelly 
deceived fools in the world . But 
Jesus Christ predicted he would 
raise from the dead, and if it did 
occur , then Jesus Christ is 
someone very special indeed, and 
who he was and what he claimed 
to be is certainly worth seriously 
looking into. 

KathyCoxe 
Sec,.tory 

Secretarial Assist.·"l 
Camel"~ GEORGE CHRISTISON 

good enough for them , and be it 
APIS / Mathematics or 
Humanities/ Social Science, he 
recruited top scholars for Revelle 
and Second College (later Muir) . 
Much of the national reputation 
of this campus rests with those 
first hi rings. 

All freshmen in Revelle's first 
large class were required to take 
physics , and we sorted them into 
one honors and two regular 
sec tions . Dean Brueckner taught 
the former - successfully and 
sti mulatingly, I may add . Also 
one remembers from this time the 
glowing terms in which his 
graduate students spoke of his 
teaching . 

Not long after he left ad-
ministrative work , Dr . Brueckner 
took a leave of absence (without 
pay) from campus to devote 
himself to his private work, Many 
of us, you know, like to rap about 
the problems of the environment 
(did any Science 4B students ever 
see KB light up when talking 
about hiki ng or the wilderness) 
and energy, but not all of us ha'ie 
the intellectual capabilities to do 
much about them . But Keith 
Brueckner has, and thus I am 
amazed that only Mr. Winn has 
seen fit to write In about 
Brueckner'S research . 

As a staff member who has long 
fought the battle for good 
teaching for undergraduates , 
complaints from lower division 
physics students -- such as those 
in Science 4B -- are hardly new to 
me . However, I must say that I am 
more and more concerned by the 
per onal nature of the attacks on 
Dr. Brueckner and now his 
department. (Really, Gentlemen 
and Ladies!) This is probably 
because I worked with and in-
directly for Dean Brueckner, and 
perhaps know a side of him you 
do not Certainly it is not true that 
he does not want to "educate 
students ." Obviously for 
whatever reasons it did not come 
across in Science 4B, but he loves 
nothing better than to expose 
students to the beauties and 
elegances of his discipline . But I 
too know and understand the 
difficulties and frustrations of 
communicating with him at times 
and of k.#eeping up with that quick 
mind of his. He is a dedicated 
individual who works himself 
very hard ilnd expects his 

Continued on ,qe 5 

Wednesday, June 4,1975 Triton Times Page three 

Daniel Shawler 
Observe Faith Toward People -- They'll Return It 

Presently, there seems to be a large change occurring which all people work toward securi ty and peace, a good of all ." The basis of authority found In the reason 
tn the world's power structure. Among other things, society directed towards the common good. and conscience of all people, and IS, unlike 
much of Indochin.a is now controlled by Communist Machiavelli's Prince, only designed for the common 
forces, Portugal is headed toward socialism, and the Machiavelli proposes the direct opposite of this. The good of humanity . Later in Pacem in Terris Pope John 
Portugese - colonies are being directed toward elf- Prince uses his principality as a means of domination. sa id, "Civi l authority must appeal primarily to the 
government. To Machiavelli , the state exis ts as an aid to the Prince, conscience of individual citizens, that is to each one's 

without regard to justice of the common good. As St. duty to collaborate readily for the common good of all " Along with this upheaval 
comes a renewed interest in the 
concept of power and authority. 
Everyone seems to have his own 
idea , concerned, naturally 
enough, with what is best for the 
people . For the enlightened 
beings who hold such theories, 
The Prince by Machiavelli , should 
be required reading, not so much 
as a gospel of truth, but rather as 
an insight into how rulers think . 

Augustine asked, "What are kingdoms without justice, The absolute baSIS of authority does not rest In the 
but large bands of robbers?" hands of people . The final end of all authority IS God 

Himself. When chastized by the Pharisees for preaching 
the word of Jesus, Peter and the other apostles said, 
"We must obey God, not men." (Ac ts 5:29) If authority 
acts contrary to the will of God, such as the authOrity of 
Machiavelli , then it is not true authority. Some people 
call it repression and it is a cause of many power 
changes through coup's and revolutions, wh ich is good, 
for repression and missuse of authority deserve to be 
opposed . 

The ideas in The Prince, written in 1513 as a guide to 
the acquisition and possession of power, has met with 
phenomenal success . Nearly all the major powers, from 
ancient Babylon to the nations today , have followed his 
advice, although most rulers would be slow to admit it. 
The reason is simple : throughout The Prince, 
Machiavelli is concerned only with the authority of 
power and force, which does not speak to the con-
science of free people. 

The need for decisions regarding the common good 
raises the question of arbitration and authority. In 
Machiavelli 's interpretation, authority was based on 
force - the ability to seize and hold power. The manner 
of obtaining this power was inconsequential to the 
outcome. He said, " There are two ways of carrying on a 
contest; the one by law, the other by force. The first is 
practiced by men, and the other by animals; and as the 
first is often insufficient, it becomes necessary to resort 
to the second." Machiavelli also thought that "fear 
holds by the apprehension of punishment, which never 
leaves man ." _ 

Although this concept is widely used by today's major 
powers such as the USA and the USSR, it is far from 
being a real and rational concept. On the contrary, it is 
highly unrealistic because it does not solicit the in-
tellectual submission of the mind. Authority and ex-
ternal compu lsion are two completely separate el)tities . 
Force IS not and cannot be a valid basis of authority In 
his encyclical Pacem in Terris, Pope John XXIII said, "A 
civil authority that uses as its only or chief means either 
threats and fear of punishment or promises of rewards 
cannot effectively move men to promote the common 

This may seem strange to people who have become 
accustomed to the Hobbesian view of blind obedience 
of authority and the concept that "might is right." 
However, those ideas are based on power that is used to 
compel obedience by external force, otherwise known 
as the law of fear . This ideal does not have its root in 
God, but rather In the thoughts of Machiavelli. It all 
finds its way down to the difference between 
Machiavelli and me. Machiavelli said, "As men are 
naturally bad , and will not observe their faith toward 
you, you must, in the same way, not observe yours to 
them .. 

It is impossible to speak of the human race in terms of 
an individual as Machiavelli does with the Prince. To 
claim that each per on exis ts to figMt for survival is 
nonsense. Personal fulfillment comes not through the 
confines of individual interests, but in a society in 

A Somewhat Open Letter from UCSB 
Hi, y'all. Mustsay your paper IS 

looki ng might sharp, judgin-g by 
the three issues that I have seen . 
You' re better than the Nexus, but 
I knew that already 

It was with a mlrk that I aid 
good-by to beloved Reve lle plaza 
and transported myself northward 
to the wa teland that IS identified 
on roadmaps as "Santa Barbara " 
Most administration offiCial s 
greeted my move with the 
condecending pity that one 
bestows upon someone about to 
lose his leg - " Santa Barbara? 
Oh ... " I had begun to have 
misgivings -- what if the elders at 
UCSD, by some chance, really 
knew their shit and UCSD really 
was a school of " unequalled 
excellence ?" 
More Letters 

They are partly right , much as it 
pains me to admit it. Most of 
what is good about UCSD (whic h, 
to my uncharitable mind, consis ts 
largely of the central library and 
the lawn behi nd HL - one of the 
campus's best dope smoking 
pots) is, unfortunately, unique to 

your part of the Ca l ifornla turf . 
Ah, wearied soul s, take heart --
compared With Santa Barbara , 
UCSD bureaucracy is really first-
rate! (I never thought I'd see the 
day . ) Translation ' If you think 
you 've got it bad, you ain 't seen 
nothing. If you feel put upon 
because you 're treated like 
retarded high school students, 
relax . You could be treated like 
retarded junior high school 
students . And don't laugh . I made 

the same mistake. 
Unfortunately, mos t of what's 

bad about UCSD is just part of a 
disease that afflict the entire 
university system , and has 
nothing to do with bureaucracys 
or admini strators. (Cheadle , by 
the way, makes Bi g Mac look like 
a knight i n shining armor. I never 
thought I'd ee the day .. ) 

Our entire approach to 
education is out of date , 
hopelessly so. We are being 
taught I n a manner that was old 
before it taught our grandfathers . 
Short of a major effort on the part 
of students to reassert control 
over their education (read : lives) 
the university will continue to 
perform i ts major task - teaching 

Continued on p~le 4 

US Won't be Able to Dodge Current Crisis 
Scandal and criSIS have 

plunged America into hard times, 
but these are not hard times only. 
These are times of opportunity. 

The United States has per-
formed well -- no, it has tran-
scended itself -- often, under 
pressure. I t can be stated almost 
as a natural law that adversity 
begets achievement. 

So what is this political 
dodging, what is this unforgivable 
ducking of responsible leadership 
that our beloved President ca lls 
energy conservation? A hike in 
the price of gasoline won 't reduce 
the distances to be traveled . Nor 
wtJl it make present rapid transit 
sys tem~ more reliable or ver-
sa tile No, the money we spend 
on survival will be " returned to 
the economy," spe lled Exxon , 
Mobile, Standard 

Ford' program will include "all 
the products of the crude barrel," 
accordi ng to Federal Energy 
Administrator larb Presumably 
that means plastics, synthetic 
material , medici nes and ink as 
well.as fuel And what , pray, have 
medicine and ink to do with 
nergy conservation' 

I have seen enumerable reports 
on ~chem s to tap environmental 
forces for energy . Nei ther 
government nor industry has 
pursued them With enthusiasm. 
Where are the projects to build 

c ontlnent -~pannlng grtd of 
superconduct I ng power lines 
line that would ut transml sio~ 
losse to nothing? What's DetrOit 
dOing beSides fa hloning new 
kinds of Windows and mewllng 
about federal ~ub Idyl Why I~ the 

ovt(c' t Union building 
mdgnetohydrodynamlc d('vlC(,~ 

(an American invention) to 
double the efficiency of energy 
production while our own MHD 
program has been all but rubber-
stamped out of existencer 

Millions of skilled American 
men and women (including 
students) are unemployed or 
underemployed . A far-seeing and 
responsible government would 
put many of them to work 
conironting the challenges which -
are presently all but ignored . We 
are at war with circumstances . Let 
us therefore raise an army . 

Because we are quietly dying, I 
suggest that the phenomenon we 
ca ll a recession is not an ordinary, 
temporary flagging of the 

economy, but the beginning of 
resource exhaustion . I submit that 
even if consumption of raw 
materials -- including petroleum -
levels off, demand will outstrip 
supply by the rules of compound 
interest until, at sdme point 
within the lifetimes of most of the 
living, nature will assert its own 
rules of dominance. And the 
individuals and societies which 
have failed to adapt will perish . 

1975 is a watershed year . We 
are making history, you and I. If 
we cannot summon the courage 
to act, then our 200 years of 
national striving will end as an 
investment in global catastrophe. 

LAURE~CE B. WINN 

YSA Clarifies Cambodia Position 
The Young Socialist Alliance would like to clarify its role at tht' rall y 

p'rot sting US actions in Cambodia . 
Th YSA is in total opposition to any US military tnvolvem nt In 

Southeast ASia . It was for thiS reason we participated In the May 1& 
rally . 

We al 0 support any individual 's right to freedom of p ech, and 
totally agree that Martha Houske has a ri ght to express her Opl niOns 
However there was no indication that the cries of " fas IStS " werE' 
anythlng 'more than the response of a few individuals, or In any way 
reflected th feelings of the majority of the p ople at the rall y 

U( DY A 
Marianne Johnson Just a Novelty 

Marianne Johnson is a novelty 
in theatre criti ci m, and that' 
about all She opens With a lot of 
nOise and eXCi tement as the 
reader I drawn Into h r 
metaphor , where sh portray 
th true Oedlpu~ tragedy ne 
dlmcmlonal thought In a multt-
d,men ional itudtlon 

ObViously, Marianne Johnson 
is a Sophoclean Carnival and 
Raree how in herself . But with all 
the onvl c tion of Antigone, I 
mustconfe 5 she fall short In her 
't'arch for truth by int rpreting "A 
Burial In Theb " I n th am way 
a hi ken scra t he at the 
ground Jest ~earchln ' f r th' bug\ 

o IMITY 

I say observe your faith toward other people, and they 
will return with their faith . I n other words, I believe In 
people, Machiavelli does not. 

A St<?ry of a Friend 
Who Never Gave Up 

by Karen Malamud 

The last time I saw Steve, he 
was siltl ng I n a car , telltng me 
he'd walk again He said he 
would get a special car and once 
again learn todrtve . Until today, 
I don' t think I knew how much I 

Better days 
weren't dreams, 
but his future 

love him, and his people. His 
mother told me that my family 
was good to Steve, but I must 
thank his family for the joy they 
gave' me by letting me know 
him. 

I met Steve when we were 
both about 11; then I didn' t 
know how serious his i llness and 
operations were. I realize today 
that he was more a man, even 
then, than most people I know 
now. 

When I talked to Steve, I 
never felt pity for him, because 
he was candid about his illness. 
When he dreamed about better ' 
days, I knew they really weren't 
dreams, they were his future . No 
matter how sick Steve was, or 
how long he had to stay in the 
hospital , he never lost his 
school ing. He graduated from 
high school along WI th his class, 
and went on to tackl college . 

Last November, my friend 
Steve fell down a flight of stair 
at college, because he wanted 
to take the sta irs in tead of 
u Ing hi s pec la l eleva t or 
privileges . That wa hi way --
although becoming phYSically 
disabled by then , I can never 
cjill him handica pped . He 
wouldn 't let himself be - he was 
always too conSCIous of hiS Itfe. 

teVl! has taught me so much 
about lif He made me believe 
in the will to live. Although no 
one really talked about It, I 
think teve hould have died 
about four year ago . But he 
wanted to live, a long as he 
wasn' t an invalid . He h Id on -
he had to much love left to 
share 

La t month, a p('rson I kn w 
casually took an halluc noge ili c 
drug and t.Umped out a dorm 
Window -- he aid he did II 
b cau~ he had been rele tpd 
At rlr~t I thought 01 It'vt', t1nd 
.lsI;. d what nghl th" 01 her bo 
had for trYln) to t,lkt' hl\ own 

l ife Then I realized he needed 
people -- someone to urge him, 
lov ingly, Into being a whole 
person agal n 

I talk about urgl ng because I 
once saw Steve give up He told 
me that he lust didn't feel like 
reading anymore, Or really dOing 
anything But as long as he was 
capable, hiS family wouldn't let 
him give up His mother Simply 
told him that he would pick up 
his school books study some 
more. And he did - last week, 
Steve had a test on Wednesday. 
He was co nf ined to a 
wheelchair, and he could no 
longer really hear, bu t he 
wanted to go to school, anyway. 

I don't know if Steve went to 
school last week, and that's not 
important. The important thing 
to me is that he was still trying; I 
found out this morning that 
Steve died last night. I indulged 
in tears today, something I 
rarely do. I cried selfishly, for 
the loss of someone so speCial 

t~at even by his death, he 
taught me a li~tle more about 

Itfe I never realized that : tell 
thl5 way, but I know thdt 
~omewhere t\'\I\' kn ws how 
much we love h 1111 , and how 
grecl tiy Vl'ryon ml\"l'~ him 

May, 1975 



Page four 

LlTICS: JAMES G. SOTO 

Reoe"' PObl~~~~~~~~~~" '0 <o""ode ' hot 
politics is neo.lrly as popular an avocation as malnutrlllOn clnd venen'i11 
disease. DesIYi te this epidemic-like popularity, It remain, .J my~tpry a, 
to why more !Jeople do not have presidential aspiratlom 

The most recent reports record that only SIX Democrcll;, are olilually 
contending for the presidential nomination . II one 111 lud(:~ the w('I1 -
oiled non-candidacy of Alabama George Wallace and the lampalgn 
rumblings of such sparkling new faces as Senators Hubert Humphrf'y. 
George McGovern and Edmund Muskie, or the penodic glOWing 
reports one hears of such new stars as Senators Church, Glenn, <lnd 
Bumpers and Governors Brown of California and C IH'y of New York , 
there still remain at least 50 Democratic Senators who haven't been 
seen rhetorically speaking about the notorious tate 0 1 affairs national 
leadership is in . Add to that the 35 governors who are busily tack ling 
the problems of their own state and not the national state o f 
mediocrity; the 250 Democratic Representatives, and all of the other 
Democratic notables, and there are at least 350 Democrats who could 
easily run but aren' t. 

Stop Wallace 
The most recent Democrat to reveal his intentions I~ former Nurth 

Carolina Governor Terry Sanford Sanford, the PreSident of the 
prestigious Duke University, has begun his campaign on a posi tive 
note: he wants to stop Wallace ! 

In 1972, Sanford , expousing such positive principles, was soundl y 
trounced by Wallace in his home state of North Carolina, and went to 
the convention with barely a handful of delegates. 

Republicans, on the other hand, display signs of solidarity . Only 
yesterday, Senator James Buckley (R/ Cons-New York ) leading a group 
of conservatives, called upon the Republican Party to hold an open 
convention . Buckley contends that since neither President Ford or 
Vice-President Rockefeller were elected by the people, the GOP 
should not consider them differently when the convention comes 
around . Buckley would like to see a convention and campaign where 
any Republican could have an equal chance . 

Ronald Reagan isn' t travelling around the country to ce lebrate the 
bi centennial. Reagan is testing the political waters to see whether or 
not he could upset the Ford app lecart, a vehicle which of late has been 
reinforced by the Mayaguez incident and some diplomatic barn-
stormi ng. Last weekend, Reagan virtually won the upport of the 

- Georgia Republ ican party. Some observers have said that when it 
comes to the Convention, Reagan could take all of the delegates from 
the Southern states as well as many of the Midwest and Mountain 
states just by aski ng for them. 

Towards Party Solidarity 
In another move towards party solidarity. Senator Charles Percy (R-

.111) indicated that he may run for the Republican nomination Percy is 
disturbed by Ford's conservative policie . Unfortunately for President 
Ford, Reagan may run for preSident b cause be IS perturbed by Ford 's 
liberal policies . 

As one can see American politics has never been 111 a morp stabl!> 
and unified position . The Democratic Party is qUickly reaching the 
hatterlng point and the Republican Party still plagued by the fallout 

from Watergate, may soon be deserted by the Can ervative wing of the 
party . 

Despite claims to the contrary, by th time the party conv ntlons are 
over next year, the only solidarity eXisting will be that everyone should 
find a knife in their back. 

Interim BRG Members 
El~cted Monday Night 

by Craig Uchida 
Staff Writer 

In a unique election procedure, 
the Student Cooperative elected 
four interim Budget Resource 
Group (BRG) members, Monday 
night 

Chris Lauria, Anna Vallez, 
Cecilia Luera, and Montgomery 
Reed were chosen to serve only as 
temporary BRG representatives 
due to a stipulation made last 
week . 

The Coop had decided at that 
time to suspend elections of BRG 
representatives until at least three 
co llege representatives were 
chosen . 

As on Monday night, however, 
only two colleges, Revelle and 
Fourth, had elected represen-
tatives . The delay placed the 
Coop in a d ;lemma, for they had 
previously d!,cided that BRG 
membershif: dould not dip below 
five membe 's A compromise was 
necessary, :·0. the Coop elected 
four temp()rary representatives 
who would serve until new 
elections could be h~IJ in the 
Fall. 

The canC'i ates exposes made 
apparent t at "conflicts of 

. peFsonal ir,terest" would hi nder 
certain ind vi:luals from working 
with one nother . Personal 
allimosities were expressed as the 
election procedure evolved Into a 
truth esslon . After forty minutes 
of thl discussion, the BRG 
memb rs w re elect d . 

Last wepk 's election of th 
External tatewide Co-
cordlnators. Marco liMandn and 
Irma Munol , was a subJect of a 

brief heated debate Mark Tynan, 
a KSDT disc jockey, and member 
of the Cooperative the entire 
year, made a motion to rescind 
the election because of Its 
procedure. He felt that the 
election was "stacked" by the 
nominees . Th motion was 
defeated . The Tri ton Times 
learned afterwards that about 15 
students had atte nd ed the 
meeting to vote specifica lly on 
this issue, but had left earlier 
because of the length of the 
meeting. 

Open Letter ... 
Continued from Page 3 

us to be good boys and girls, to 
avoid asking painful questions, 
and to regurjitate upon demand. 

Oh, I admit i t, I'm just a radi ca l 
who'd like to see some major 
changes within the institution . 
And I suppose the university gives 
most people exact ly what they 
wJnt , whicn...is a comment on the 
students rather than the 
universi ty. I think, on the whole, 
that UC's motto of " let there be 
light" is an empty promise at 
best, if cruel parody at worst. 

(Yeah, I hear the violins in the 
background . But that don 't 
both r me Aft r all, I sp ak the 
Truth, right?) 

You'all have a good summ r It 
was a good year, and you folks 
deserve all the credit .. hang In 
th re o Malcolm A. Smith 

Editor-in-chief 
Fall-Winter, 1974-75 

Triton Times 
by P~tti Wolf 
Copy Editor 

A temporary change in personnel will occur next 
year when Associatl! Muir Provost Pat Ledden 
replaces John Stewart, Muir Provost, who will be in 
Europe on a sabbatical Stewart, who will be absent 
from UCSD for the entire 1975-76 school year, will 
be completing work on his biography of compo~er 
Ernst Krenk . 

On a more permanent note, Fr d Henderson will 
lJt! returning to his former position of Muir assistant 
dean leaving vacant the post of Resident dean. 

Wednesday. June 4.1975 

possibilities for the programmer to work on 
B('ckeley would like to get MUir students Involved 
in the plection of the programmer and the re Ident 
counselors and encourages any ~tudent who will be 
in the UCSD area during the summer to assist in the 
election process. 

Speaking of summer, the end of the sc hool year is 
approaching and along with it, graduation . Ap-
proximately 650 Muir students are graduating with 
an estimated 300-350 attending the graduation 
ceremony and buffet lunch set for Sunday June 15 
at 1:30, The main emphasis of the ceremony will be 

The M ~ir Reporter 
Muir College has decided to hire two " resident 
counselors" to fill the spot; they will have the same 
duties as the resident dean. 

Muir will also engage the services of a college 
programmer who will be charged with organizing 
events for resident and commuter students. Ac-
tivities will be planned with the interests of the 
general Muir student population and with specific 
groups such as older and married students in mind. 
The main aim of the programmer, says Muir Dean 
Jim Beckeley, will be to "provide events that have 

. faculty and student interaction ." Recreational 
activities such as harbor cruises, dinner-discussions 
and ecological outings have been suggested as 

on the students with each graduate acknowledged 
by name. A handshake will also be received from 
Provost Stewart, Chancellor McElroy and a faculty 
member of the student's department. The 
traditional speeches will be given by Stewart, 
McElroy and the winner of the Outstanding 
Teaching Award . Inclusion of a student speaker is 
under consideration and a vote among seniors is 
being conducted . 

Reg Fee ... 
Continued From Page 1 

themse lves by a substantial in-
crease in the Reg Fee. 

In looking to the 75-76 year 
planning was carried out " with 
the optimistic hope that there 
would be some additional funds 
available," accord ing to Decker. 
I f these fu nds are not for-
thcoming it will be necessary, 
says Decker, " to cut back where 
we can," which means fewer 
choices for students in the types 
of activities they can take part in . 

At present the Studen t Affairs 
Office is working on th e 
developme nt of a maste r 
calendar to coordinate activities 
of the Campu Program Board , 
the individual campuses, student 
organizations , and the academic 
departments. In the past, ays 
Decker. "we bave suffered from . 
lack of information about what 

Positions are still open for Muir students on 
virtually all of the college and campus-wide 
committees . Because of a lack of student interest, a 
committee member se lection process will take 
place next fall. • 

each group is doing." It has not 
been establi hed at present who 
will oversee this coordinating 
program. 

A Student Task Force has also 
been set up, w Ith the goa l of : 
defining exactly what types of 
programs each of the campus 
funding sources would provide 
money for. Thi would prevent 
groups who want to put on an 
actiVity from having to go from 
one programming committee to 
another ask i ng for funds . Suc h a 
process is a drain on the t ime and 
energy of the group which is 
putting on the activity and the 
programming committees which 
have to can Ider the group's 
request 

With the ca lendar co ntrol and 
cooperation betwee n funding 
sources it will be easier, says 

Decker. " to see If we have a 
balance in programming." The 
general goal is to provide more 
activities without more com-
petition . 

Whether any additional money 
is granted will be seen when the 
joi nt committee submits the UC 
budget to Governor Brown for a 
fina l review , sometime before 
June 15 

Hayden ... 
Continued from Page 1 

attacked Tunney for being " Illore 
respon sive to the corpora te in-
terests who do the packagll1g 
than to the pub l ic." He aid the 
fr shmen Senator ha supported 
Cold War poliCies and wa "al ii d 
with th corporate gia nt ," like 
Gallo Wine. 

If you ",ant to 

SELL 
your Dsed books for 

CASH 
Bring thent to the 

University Bo~ktore 
June II, 12 'and 13 

frOID 8:00 DOl 
to 4:15 pDt 

Boo/($ nil nestle; by the Unwsflity 
Bookrtore will be bought lor wholsllle 
u$etl book pries In; Ihippe; fo the 

tlellsr in Lo~ Angele$. 

Wednesday,June4,1m 

Accreditation ... 
Continued from Page 1 

No "Conditional" Accreditation 
When asked if there was a chance that UCSD would not be ac-

credited , Gray smi led . "There's always that chance, but who ever 
heard of a tate university not being accredited ." j\ctually, one 
entire department could be rather poorly off , but if the rest of the 
5 hool's programs were found adequale, the school would probably 
be accredited anyway . It is an all or nothin g process; there is no 
" onditlonal" accreditation . 

"Thf' main weapon of the accreditation commiSSion," Gray aid, 
"is to protrac t the process." For instance, the commissi on might ask 
for more time to conduct the investigation or accredit the in-
stitution for just a short period of time . 

The team of non-UC educators will Visit the UCSD campus in late 
April of next year . They will pick faculty, staff and students wi th 
whom they wish to meet. When a team visited in 1973, they were 
critical of the lack of campus-wide participation . 

Professor Manuel Rotenberg has been appointed Accreditation 
Liaison Officer as well as Chairman of the Program Review Sub-
committee. He will be coordinating the campu5' self-study and 
evaluation and will oversee the development of a comprehensive 
report to be given to the accred itation commission in December of 
thi s year. 

Sirius Art-
Continued from Page 5 

study in black-white relationships, forming a larger work in a tile-
like effect. 

In oil there is the stunningly beautiful "Celestial Temple" of Lee 
Kromschroeder--a huge mountain view evoking strongly spiritual 
eelings . Mr. Kromschroeder's sense of humor comes through in 

some of his lithograohs, particularly in " I'd Walk a Million Miles for 
One of Your Smiles " a lunar song-and-dance by 5 astronauts 
complete with canes a la Jolson . 

Sense of humor I should qualify as serene good humor, and that is 
another undercurrent inSin·us 'works. A good deal of young idealism 
is presen:, which may account for some of the more unrealistic 
pricetags . However, this optimism does not in any way compensate 
for a lack of maturity, technique, or artistic commitment. It's all 
there, in other words . 

I'd like to single our one artist who works in oil and acryli c. Paul 
Slick's work (Eldon P. Slick in the captions) is not without humor, 
certainly, but it is a kind of visual black humor. A curious mixture of 
broodi ng intensity with a tongue-in-cheek treatment of theme 
characterizes his work . One should especially see "The Choice." 
Fu ll of decrepit human hulks in a sleazy Chicago eatery, this picture 
·s disturbing. Are the people in the picture offended? At what? And 
who are those darkly sinister characters peering out from behind the 
green door? One is not liable to find any answers in the picture, and 
i t IS doubtful if one should even ask such questions . Yet there is 
such a multi-leveled intensity here that one is almost forced to 

IT'S TI·ME THINK ABOUT 
TOMORROW 

School won't last forever. Before you know it -
graduation. You'lI be out of the shell and starting off 
on your professional or business career. 

Often, it 'isn't easy, Always, it costs money. 
And there's nothing like a little nest-eu to help 

you over the early humps. 
That's why - right now - you should be saving 

at friendly La Jolla Federal. We 98Y the highest interfst 
allowed by law - thus assuring that your money 
will grow at l surprisinlly fast cnp. 

Your account's insured to $20,000. And your 
money's available immediately in case of sudden need. 
Start saving for tomorrow - today. At friendly, 
dependable La Jolla Federal. 

We'll help you save for a sunny day. 

Ia '~ federal 1100 WAll STREET 
'=" AND LOAN AIIOCIAftOIILA JOlLA 

0tIIIr offices It ,... s,orta AI.- ..... SIll DItIo, 
1131 c.... .... .". VllIIY. 701 ..., ..... 1".t. rlllllnlal, 
2117 Ntwcaatlt A .... l:arjJff-by-tIIt-SII 

Triton Times 

Brueckner ... 
Continued from Page 2 

(udents and staff to do li'.ewise. 

Interesting ly enough, no 
stud nt from Science 4B has 
written in that he/ she was not 
challenged . There is much to be 
learned from such a professor 
who I not just bright, but 
brilliant. Many are the ways 
students learn , and the fri endly 
lecturer/performer may not be 
the professor you remember in 
later years. 

In any case in all th is ruckus, 
let us not forget the many fine 
things about UCSD we ow'e to this 
man I would include among 
these the establishment of an 
exci ting scientific climate from 
which students such as Donald E. 
Strebel benefit, the hiring of that 
first-class teacher~ Dr. Rotenberg, 
and, of course, the appointment 
of that indefatigable letter-writer 
and fighter for the undergraduate, 
Dr. Henry G . Booker . 

HAZEL ALKSNIS 

1_ noticeQ 
FRESHMEN , SOPHOMORES AND 
JUNIORS. Aviation ,"U In the Navy 
and Air Forc •• r. difficult to obtain. 
RESERVE YOUR AVIATION SEAT 
NOW. Call Lt. FRANK BUSH, USN 2t3-
11444 'pl/8) 
HELICON Th. UCSD Poetry Journal I, 
on .. I. now et the Muir lit. office end 
occ .. lonally Rev.lI. Plaza. 25' '8/ 81 
Application. b.ing accepted for AVC 
Stud.nt Lobby intern.hlp in 
Sacramento thl. .umm.r. Apply at 
Student C.nt.r, 2nd Floor or 462-44150 
for Info . (~/fI) 

Th. data. for tlla pr.quartar AddlDrop 
WHk for continuing .tud.nta hev. 
b •• n changad to June' thN Jun. 13. 
Cheng.. may be mad. without In-
.tNctOr' •• ignetu,.. R .. trletlone ( • . g. 
D.partm.nt SUmp).tili apply. (118) 

All book. ar. due In Clu.t., library by 
Sat. June 14. (118) 

All atud.nu mu.t el .. r tllalr lock ... by 
Frldey, Jun. 13. R.turn locka and 
tow.la to Gymna.lum Equipment Illu. 
Room. All It.m, left In gym lock.,. wit! 
be dlacard.d. ""I 
UJS ia looking for. CO-ORDINATOR 
for 1~7I. Ralph or J.rry, 453-4711 for 
Info . . '8/4, 

wonder what is going on : what, exactly, is "The Choice"? 
I cannot claim to have a mastery over art and its techniques, so as 

a reviewer I must rely on impressions and bits and pieces of ac-
cumulated knowledge. Ordinarily, I would not hother with this 
disc laimer, but in this case I think it is important. Sin'uswill be on 
di splay free for the entire month o f June, thus enabling everyone to 
form their own opinion of the show. 

Therefore, I urge all of you to take advantage of the h,gh-€nergy, 
hass le-free atmosphere which is a fortunate by-product of a suc-
cessfu l co llaboration . Th"r" is something here for evervone. 

No matter how your artistic tastes are slanted, all of us can only 
gain the example set by Sin·us . collect ive ventures can work if 
people are willing to expend a little energy . Much of the credit for 
Sin'us' success should go to chief energy Investor and general 
spokesman Richard Carter, who I'm sure would be glad to give hiS 
advice to other like-minded groups . Thi s is an opportunity for more 
people to get involved in the counter-culture and those "other 
possibilities" I referred to earlier . Take advantage of th is month-long 
ce lebration to raise your consciousness a little . 

PagefiYe 

Final. W .. k Cria • Center NHd to Kick 
back7 Third ColI .. ge Faellltato,. Offlc. 
412 Mc Rm 5 Open 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM 
Mond.y - Friday ' p8/f1~ 

The Red Cro.. and lhe VI.tnam ... 
Refug .. a .. launca commlnee nHd 
voluntee,.. To te.ch engli.h through 
the lummer It Camp Pendleton. Pi .... 
contact Oorl •• t .-;2-9&84 Thank YOU 
(filII 

THIRD COLLEGE STUDENTS AT-
TENTION Todey la the I .. t day to r. 
elect Otl. Wltaon to the Third Colleg. 
Council. VOTE TODAY outald. the third 
college clf.t.rla from' am to 4:30 pm. 
RE-ELECT OTIS WATSON . 2 y .. ,. 
down - I more to go. (1141 

Writing Tutore for FaU - enrOll In 
Lit/Gen. 194 - other prlfequlait .. In-
clude Writing Ability - .. e 121i4HL Or 
x252Z for mo .. info & to apply. '8'8) 

Third Collega Council R.eleetiona 
Tu.. ·Wed. PoU. outside Matthew. 
Cafa Open' 1m to 4 pm (pl/41 

" lecture Not." I. lliva & w.n in the 
Commut.r Cant ... - Blak. Han. Revalla 
lounga. Subec:riptlona and/or good 
conver.tion w.lcoma. MWF 11-2; T.Th 
2-4 (pllfI) 

• noft -proflt 
P Ublic 14,,,,101 

,aganc)f 

BiTth 
ContrQI 
Inst itute 

• Counseling 

• Pregnancy Testing 

~ :Abortion 

• Birth Control ' 

• Vasectomy 

• Female Sterilization 
Call BCI for 

confidentiil assistance 
(7141 283-6351 

I ('71 4) 560-S7!:ii 
I------------------------------~--~---I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

i For i 
i University Be State 
i' Employees Only-
I 
1 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

If you are paying money on any of 
the below, your U.S.E. Credit Union 

will probably save you money! 
o Auto Loan o Consol idation Loan 
o Home Improvement o Master Charge 
o Mobile Home Loan o BankAmericard 
o Recreational Vehicle Loan o Department Store & 
o Signature Loan o Other Credit Cards 

I Since your cred it union offers loan rates that often beat the I competition . there s a good chance If you were to ref inance any 
I of the above loans through your UnIversity and Sta e Em-
I pioyees Credit Union you cou ld save a bundle In Interest The 
I procedure to find out IS painless Call or VIS it your USE Cred it I Union. Just have a general Idea of your e ISi ing monthly ray-
I ments per loan and or the amount you have left to a (knOWing 
I the annual percentage rate will help . but If you don t know. 
I that s ok) . I 
I ' 1 I Then If we C n save you money we Will And If WE' can ·t . we II , I 
I say so You see . we re YOUR credit union and nd v..e·re here to' I 
I help I 
I I I [J[]~[§ . I 
I CR O IJ>·.t,.JNION I I ~~ . 
I A University & State Employees Credit ~~i~n I 
I I 5555 Mildred Sir I 51 1 COllege A'enue UCSD Campu Lyman I I San () 'ego 92110 an 01 go 21/5 al M,ramilr Ad I 
I 2g7-1831 286-4210 Ld Jolla 92037 I 4S3-5620 
1 ______ --------------------------------



Triton Time. 

At Gal II 

Be k Outplayed by McLaughlin 
by D~n I Sh~wler 

A.tfWriter 
last Thursday, when Jeff Beck 

and Manavishnu John 
Mclaughlin performed at the 
Golden Hall, Mclaughlin showed 
himself to be the superior 
musician . This is no slight on Jeff 
Beck's ability . While certainly an 
outstanding guitarist, he was 
simply out-played by 
Mclaughlin. 

The concert opened with Beck 
and his group playing some of his 
better known instrumental works . 
Beck's guitar, in the lead for 
much of the concert, was fairly 
good, but his accompaniment 
was much too loose. Instead of 
adding to and re-enforcing the 
lead, the accompaniment 
detracted from the music . Pianist 
Max Middleton was so tentative 
that it sounded as though he were 
afraid of the piano keys. When 
attempting to play a traditional-
jazz style solo on a grand piano, 
Middleton sounded more like a 
beginning student ' of im -
provisation desperately struggling 
to stay within a chord structure 
than the accomplished musician 
he should have been . Bernard 
Purdie was equally terrible . Not 
only was he a poor drummer, but 
Beck's arrangement brought this 
lack of talent to the forefront too 
often . 

The Mahavishnu Orchestra was 
a different story John 
Mclaughlin gave a more brilliant 
performance on the guitar . More 
Importantly, however, he was 
surrounded, for the most part, b\ 
capable musicians. The abseoce 

STUDENTS ~~~~ "c!~tl 
DISCOUNT TICK£TS 

alb globe tl)eatre 

SENIOR CITlZE~s (60 .nd 0Ye,) 
SIt , Sun Mit Onlr _. 

Croup Discounts A~'I I.bre 
performed .. the 

carttr centre stage 
Idjlcent to old ,lobe thlltrl 

bllbo. park 

of Jean-luc Ponty proved to be a 
disapointment, for. his 
replacement, Steven Kindler , was 
not nearly as good a violinist. 
Wisely , Mclaughlin's or-
chestration for the night shied 
away from his formerly heavy use 
of the solo violin . In many cases, 
these solos were turned over to 
saxophonist Norma Jean Bell who 
responded with an excellent 
performance. As with the Beck 
group, the weakest link in the 
Mahavishnu Orchestra was the 
keyboard player, Steve Goldberg . 
Although not as bad as Mid-
dleton, Goldberg was not at the 
level of the rest of the group. 

The big surprise of the evening 
was bassist Ralph Armstrong . His 
fine preformance, including an 
electrifying five minute solo 
accompanied only by drums, had 
to be the most outstanding 
performance by a bassist in San 

Diego this year The most 
amazing thing was that a 
relatively unknown bass player 
cOllld turn in a performance that 
was superior to anything that 
Stanley Clarke has done. A person 
can begin to wonder where 
Armstrong has been hidin~ . 

As expected, the featured 
performers of the evening were 
Beck and Mclaughlin . Beck's 
style of mellow melodic lines was 
w~1I done, but he was outclassed 
by Mclaughlin. The dynamic 
driving runs that peel off his 
guitar bringing an unescapable 
excitement to all the pieces 
Mclaughlin plays . This ex-
citement was added to in the 
finale when Mclaughlin made 
imaginative use of the synthesizer 
unit attached to his guitar . The 
old Mahavishnu speed was there, 
but it was being produced by new 
sounds that accented the style . 

UCSO's Summer Session otters many courses. Among 
them are: . 

URBAN & RURAL 159: THE URBAN UNDERCLASS 
For 4 Units 

URBAN & RURAL 161: AMERICAN CRIMINAL JUSTICE 
For 4 Units 

URBAN & RURAL 163: CONTEMPORARY LEGAL ISSUES 
For 4 Units 

For further information contact the UCSD Summer 
Session Office. 101 Matthews Campus or call (714) 452-
4364 . 

ATTENTioN 
All ThiRd CollEGE STudENTS 
TodAY is ThE lAST dAY TO 

RE-ElECT 
OTis WATSON 

To the Third College Council 
Vote today from 9 am. to 4:30 p.m. 

in front of the Third College Cafeteria 

RE-ElECT OTis WATSON 
2 years down - 1 more to go 

• 
~~~~~~~~~Wl""'~~~~~~ 
~ - UCSD: EUROPE '75 ~ 

Wednesday, June4,1975 

JimShipmln 
Sirius Art 

Art 

With a spectacular visual feast, tht> art collective Sin'us finally 
opened its doors for a much-anticipated public viewing last Sunday . 
Situated In a very blue building in the deceptively placid town of 
Cardiff-by-the-Sea, Siri*s is the- creation of 20 local artists who 
decided to. abandon the established ga lleries and their ' potential 
capita listic hassles . 

The result is an art show In which everything is done by the artists 
themselves. including the building of their gallery One level of 
appreciation, then, would have to focus on the enormous amount 
of hard work which is so apparent everywhere . 

But this is an art show, and one cannot ignore the serious art here, 
ranging from pen and ink to bronze sculpture . There is a particular 
consciousness running through these quite varied works that CCln 
best be expressed, perhaps, as visions of other possibilities. Nathan 
Weedmark's works in pen and ink-"Onlooking Dimensions" and 
" Inhobbited landscape"-are two good examples, as is " Evolution 
Breakthrough" by Aurora Sims . 

Both artists accomplish incredible things with detail ; tht> near-
cosmic depth of their work requires considerably more attention 
than the usual glance. Dennis E. Mclean's pen and inks are equally 
detailed if less abstract. His untitled depiction of a wicker chair 
captures the grain, the look and even the feel of the material. It is 
quite remarkable. 

Also remarkable are the many,graphic techniques exhibited. 
David Bateman's "Levels" and "Moon Shot" combine obvious 
political overtones with the subt le juxtaposition of different tex-
tures . For instance, newspaper stock quotations form ·the suit of a 
gray, Wall-Street type in comparison with a multi-colored dancer . 
Texture is also an important part of Chet Wooding's graphi cs . 
Although " the medium is the message" is a Mcluhanesque cliche, 
Mr. Wooding has achieved an intriguing balance between the 
medium of expression and the expression itself, especially, I think, 
in "A Realistic Self-Portrait of a Dreamer ." On the other hand, 
" Negative Space" is comprised of small squares, each an individual 

Continued on Page 5 

. New San Diego Dance 
Company Premieres Here 

The Celebration Dance Company will present its premiere concert at 
8 pm this Saturday in the Mandeville Center auditorium . 

The program will include a variety of modern dance numbers 
performed to music ranging from classical to rock . 

Members of the new San Diego dance group have pertormed With 
the dance companies of Jose Limon, Paul Taylor. Pearl lang and 
Norman Walker. 

Highl ights of the program will include a quartet performance, "Pick 
Up the Pieces," done to the music of The Average White Band ~nd the 
title number, ."Celebration ," performed to a Bach lute sUite. 

Tickets for the performance are $1 for all students and $2 for the 
general public . They are available at the UCSD box office in the 
Student Center . 

~ CHAR TER FLIGIITS ~ 
~ STILL OPEN ~ 
B~ ~ ~ 73 days June 16 LA/Perls TIA DC·8 ~.oo Aug. 28 Paril/LA TIA DC-8 ~ 83 day. June22 LA/Parll TIA DC·8 $45O.oo.A 

Get a clear skin and 
a dynamite tan. 

Dermatan, 
the new tanning formula 

with Ten-O-Slx lotion. 
l~ 'r '1<11.-11 l' 'lVf;,'f flt'W ,ueri 'or Idnn,n(, II m,-Iflt- 'I-t II'" 
H<Jllnf) U('U '('n 0 Sill 101.on It) h@luyu.1 It;:lt 1f1.'11 ~ Ir 
will ". VOtl I,tf' " no.1 work \N,Blln sun to re 0 lle"" .ill 
.... )0:111 1)'i.'fI'l ,nl'~ /)elmilliln contt,ni no OIfS W,jJl" 0' 
(lfPrt'·f" I~) roml.)ll( di{l OI'Y 5,,',n orob'~ms bo lI<;,f 

[)prrnA'~rI ILl l;4.:1 ,tp,tr J(,n rind" OynArT1lle !-tn Thll 
could be your lummer! j Sept 12 Paria/LA TIA DC-l0 ~ 

~ 52 daya July 07 LA/Pari, II DC-8 ~.oo ~ Aug. 28 Parl./LA TIA DC-8 J 2!1 daYI Aug. 03 LA/Perle TIA DC-8 ~.00.A • SeptOl Paris/LA TIA DC-l0 ~ 
~~ 34 dey. :::~~: ~:i~r!,ld ~:: ~g~o " .00 § 

onl wey Sept 01 LA/Pari. TlA DC·' t2lO'oo J 
June 30 LA/PePleta UTA tm.oo j ~ TAHITI: July 13 Pao,,'e/LA UTA ~ 
~ For UCSD .tudant •. faculty, .Ultf and their ! B Immediate families. ~ ConUict. Student Service. Weat Tr.v.1 Olfice ~ UCSD Int.rn.tlon Center .2·0130 Open: llam t04 pm Mon. W.d. Frl 
!A • am to 1 pm Tu" & Ttlurs @ 
Jft~~~~~~;Q..."~OQ,,.,~~QD~iI 

Wednesday, June 4, 19'15 

EI Chunko Holding Top 
Spots in Men's and Coed Hockey 

by P~ul W.aner 
Sports Editor 

With most of the current playoff action taking place in the great 
outdoors, it is about time to shift the focus to some of the indoor 
sports, most notably men's and coed floor hockey. -

Competition in both leagues has been tough on all levels and as a 
resul t, there has been only one team in the coed league With an un-
defeated, untied record - EI Chunko. EI Chunko is led by all-star center 
left Cannis, with Corry Wong and Corky Hull on the wings and defense. 
Chunko also boasts the leading woman scorer in Kerry Dunne and fine 
goaltendi ng in Kirk Robinson . 

In the playoffs, Chunko will be facing stiff competition from UlCS , 
lex and the lugnuts and What the Puck . 

ULCS features a well balanced attack and defense and their games 
were usually low scori ng affairs . leading the way for UlCS is John 
Vogel who led the team with 9 goals for the season. lex is a physical 
team whose players are equally adept at offense and defens . One 
example of this was given by their outstanding goaltender Dan Crane 
who also led the team in scoring. Most of the females on the team were 
deployed as defensive personnel, but Marian Itsu was able to attain a 
place on the list of top scoring females. . 

Triton Times 

Scum -Bags 
Playoff Spot 

by Dave Eisen 
Auitant Sports Editor 

The stage IS set - almost. 
As of Monday afternoon, a 

protest dispute and a team 
unavailable at game time has 
changed the intramural baseball 
play-off situation . The Scumbags 
will meet either Ramblers or 
Hipp, today at 5:00, as originally 
scheduled in the men's final. 
Defending champion Frogs will 
battle the Renobs ~riday at 5:00, 
in a game changed because Frogs 
team members were unavailable 
today. 

Scumbags are In the finals for 
sure . Captained by Dan Mon-
teverde , the Scumbags have 
turned in a spectacular play-off 
performance after a mediocre 
regular season . The Scumbags 
finished in a three-way tie for 
third place behind Ax and 
Boatfolk in the A Division Victor 
league, and were ranked sixth 
among A teams going into the 
play-ofts . 

The Frogs have the statistics 
behind them in their bid to defeat 
Renobs Friday. Frogs has a 20 
game winning streak, and a four 
year coed championship streak . 

What the Puck by far has the largest team in regard to number of. 
players. Puck's top player is Alan lambert who finished second in 
scoring with 15 goals . When he was not on the floor, the other 
members of the team were leading the way. Two of the standout for 
Puck were Ron Bieck and Andrea Beylan. 

The men's playoffs should provide plenty of fireworks at the least. ISue Metzger has been on the 
Trying to repeat their feat of winning the championship last quarter' championship team for the past 
will be EI Chunko (the same team as in coed play with the addition of seven years, and appears to be a 
several players) . Right behind them are What the Puck , winners of Frog good luck charm . Also, no 
league play this quarter with a 6-0-1 record , little Green Bag and team in the past seven years has 
Orrgy. won the coed title with a male 

Chunko has moved Robinson up to a front line pOSition , having first baseman, which the Renobs 
secured the services of Paul Wagner to take over the netmindlng have and the Frogs don't . 
duties. As in the coed league. Jeff Cannis was the leading scorer. In 
coed he netted 16 goals and in men's competition he added another 
15 Providing a sturdy defense was Brian Druker and Kirk Kinsell with 
lim Wes adding his talent occasionally . 

What the Puck has shown the most phenominal rise of any team thiS 
quarter . After a poor showing in the rankings last quarter , they came 
back to win the league, though stopped short of a perfect season duE' 
to an early season tie with Orrgy, another playoff bound team . Steady 
defense, excellent goaltending and balanced scoring should make 
Puck hard to stop in the playoffs. 

little Green Bags and Orrgy have been two of the more steady teams 
as they are both back to have another shot at the title. Bags IS led by 
Dan Crane who again does double duty in the nets and up forward as 
does logan Dart. Their defensive core is anchored by Jim Nealon and 
Mike Rapp, who along with the other team members . create for-
midable opposition. Orrgy is captained by los Angeles' version of the 
Boston street hockey ideal of Bobby Orr, Jeff Kirchner . He is com-
plimented by the defense bf Matt Nesper and the offense of Mark Pine. 
Orrgy is one of the most physical teams in either league and thev can 
become quite unnerving to their opposition. 

The Renobs , which finished 
second behind Holes 'N Poles in 
the Carl Abosco league, have 
outscored their opponents by an 
average of 15-5 over the course of 
the play-offs . The Renobs are 
headed by Shaw. captain Harold 
Scott, second baseman Judy 
Heiler, and the hitting ' of Tim 
Rand . 

No matter who wins the protest 
between Hipp and Ramblers, it 
will be a worthy opponent in the 
men 's final. Hipp won the 
Real is tic league and has put 
together an 8-0 season. Ramblers 
won the Dual league, and in-
cluding the play-offs, are 7-1. 

.--------.-~-----.------.------.-------.------.------. - ...... --- -
IQII"" "4 
~""'-:\1'" --- I . Union of Jewish Students ~ ...... ~ .,_7 

IR'ng ... 
........... uWeII6a 

222-1438 
Jim Cummins 

1911 Cable St. 
SanDiego,C~.92107 

COLLEG E 
EMPLOYMENT 

FOR THE SUMMER 
WORK IN THE EAST 
EARN $206 / WEEK 

459-0661 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 
3Z7 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for •• rvlce 

Mon.·S." 
1:45-5:10 

Closed Sun. 
2331411 

, I 
t 

t 

,. 
l. 

says: 

H,ve I g"d Summer 
-~ 

NOW PLAYING! 

"Blazing 
Saddles" 

and 
·"Play It 

Again, Sam" 
[possibly the I~st showina before this 

film aGeS out of circul~tion J 

1It.nd'0' SII 
Incinit .. , 7S3-Jt5S 

-

I. 

Page seven 

Hubbard Attacks Wilson's 
'No Growth Policies' 

Portraying the upcoming San 
Diego mayor's ract' as " a strong 
political influence versus Citizen 

involv~ment politics," mayoral 
candidate Councilman lee 
Hubbard attacked Mayor Pete 
Wilson as being headed 
inevitably for Washington DC, 
Monday afternoon on Revelle 
Plaza. . 

" Pete will leave In a couple of 
years and go to Washington and 
we'll be stuck With" the results of 
his no-growth poliCies, Hubbard 
charged before a fluctuating 
crowd of 25-35 people . 

The Councilman was sponsored 
by Young Americans for Freedom. 

A conservative and constant 
critic of Wilson since he was 
elected to the Council from 
Dis trict Three, east San Diego, in 
1973, Hubbard took the occasion 
Monday to attack the Mayor on 
regional government, tran-
sportation and growth issues . 

City Council policies " are in 
fact causi ng urban sprawl," 
Hubbard claimed, by forcing ' 
construction out of the inner ci ty 
to the outer fringes. The Council 
should rather be directing 
building projects to the inner city, 

' he said . 
"We have been in fact working 

against ourselvt>s" with planned 
housing polic ies, Hubbard said 
referring to the Councd . The 
Council should allow further 
housing "but direct it where we 
want it." 

" Managed growth" is what 
Hubbard advocates. An example 
of this, he said , is the North City 
West project which the Council 
approved recently by a 5-4 vote. 

"The no-growth policy IS really 
turning against" San Diegans, 
Hubbard said , especially 
minorities and low-income 
people. "We can show you" that 
social mobility had been 
prevalent in San Diego until the 
last three years , he stated . 

Mayor Wilson was elected in 
1971 . 

Hubbard added that the 
Council 's no-growth policies put 
the city " in a posture of keeping 

out bUSiness and causing 
unemployment ." 

Hubbard said he favors denser 
growth for the city because " the 
people are coming" and he 
doesn't want another los Angeles 
here. 

The concrete contractor also 
addressed himself to the Com-
prehen siv e Planning 
Organization (CPO), the regional 
county government composed of 
13 cities and the County Itself. 
Hubbard said confl icts arISe in 
CPO mainly between San Diego 
City and County interests . For 
example. he said, San Diego 
wants a rapid transit system with 
all CPO entities contributing 
financially, whi le the County 
" doesn't want to pay and play ." 

The problem w i th CPO , 
Hubbard said, is that it becomes 
" another level of government," 
with power to tax the people . 

Mayor Wilson tavors main-
taining a regional county 
government . 

" We represent the people ... 
and the working people ... and 
we're going to win, " Hubbard 
concluded. 

Reed to be 
Reviewed 
Tonight 

The Young SOCialist Alliance 
wi" sponsor a rev lew of Evelyn 
Reed's Woman's Evolution, a 
study which reveals women's 
leading role In human societal 
development. Tonight at 7:30 
p.m . in the Revelle Formal 
lounge, Patty liyama, who taught 
Women 's Studies at Merrit 
College in Oakland, will diSCUSS 
Reed 's book in light of issues 
raised by the feminist movement 
today . 

Firebird Sports & Foreign Cor 
SeNice 

7638 Fay Ave., La Jo/lo, California 92037 
454·1920 

Serving Britt.h, French. ,wllan.nd 
J.P."... C .... 

10 ".IftfI, Di.count with IJCSD Student Body (Ani 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin . 
weitzman 
optometri st 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fitted 
repajrs 

nour; mon - tn 1030 - 8 00 
sal. 10-6 Closed suodays 

orts arena blvd. 

224-2974 



Page eight Triton Times Wednesday,June4,l975 

.------·-+---------What's Happening-----------~ 

Cl!mp.,. Proe.'''' IkMIrd todey. 4:00. 
Student C8ntv Conf.,8/IC. Room. 
Student8lnvhed. tt/41 

CHESS PLAVERS - cheu club m .. tlng 
Thurs .• 7: •• Student CM"'. Brine your 
boerft & Ht8. 11/41 

IMPT FINAL AASA MTG to ... _ 
yeer· •• ctlvltlle .nd to look .heed for 
IUmmer/f.1I "na/eOlIl. 1:00 Thurs. 
Bleb CR 11/41 

I. for sale 
1967 FIAT, 860 Coupe. 20/30 mpg. 
Mich.lin R.dl.I., Gr .. t Stud.nt Car. 
M u.t S.II. $750. 462~'86 or 4&4·1946. 
Ipl/41 

MAGS · Stand.rd Vega GT 141. 13" • 
Ii'h ", 4 bolt p.tt.rn. AI.o fita O.taun. 
Toyota. VW, Op.l. M.ke off.r Ph. 481i. 
S408 ev ••. 16/61 

1967 Ch.vrol.t M.libu. Gr .. t Condition. 
Gr .. t prlc • . S.ndy 481-0406'11111 

'71 K.w ... kl 100 Street·Dirt Combo. 
5.000 mil .. ; good condo Will incl. h.lmet 
• nd c.r·c.rry r.cks. .160. Joel Z. 
48191116 11181 

• Toyota Corona 4-door S.d.n . 
Autom.tlc. Mu.t •• 11 • • 715.00 515-7434 
18/61 

Go to Europ. June 19 for 3 w •• k • . 
Orlgllllli prlc. of tlck.t •• . I'll •• 11 It 
for .32&. St.v. or O.c.r, .ft.r 5 p. m. 
216-8171 16/11 

FREE KITTY. I'm moving beck with my 
per.ntl thl •• umm'r. They' ll tlk. m. 
but not my kitty. V.ry fri.ndly . Ea.y to 
cera for. H.I .. 1434 11/61 

24" 10-.paed m.n'. bik • • brand n_ 
... Ginny ....... lc.lIl.t.,16/61 

Puke .nd P.per .h.1I neckl.c •• from 
H.w.ii .12, .20. N.ncy 4&2·975816/61 
63 cm Peuge.t PX· l0 own.d by • 
g.nuln. bike fr .. k; In .uparb condition 
462-'-;1 . p.t.r.16/41 

D.cron II B.g $46 or b •• t offer. Used 
once . .. c.llent condition. Dori. aft., 
10:00 P.M. 487-047616/41 

Two pound white duck down sleeping 
bag. All nylon lining. 31" • 81 " $24.86. 
Bev 452·ggn 16/41 

Honda 50 Or 60. Vespe, or other scooter. 
Bill, 452·9165. 16/41 

Must sell '73 Mercury Cougar. 
Automatic with AMIFM and stereo 
cassotte. Air conditioned. Make offer. 
Contact Greg 462·9047. 16/61 

He.thkit AR· 19. $205 Marantz SL T· 12. 
$110. 15" Altecs . $30. $50. Darli ngton 
low-noise transistora; with M91 ED 
cartridge; multicellul.r, 4J6..284816/61 

'66 VW with '70 engine. Body dem.ge. 
but runs good. Isab .. I. , <459·7602 .ft.r 
3:00 pm 16/61 

71 HONDA 360 SL & Bell Helmet $300. 
756-8040 (6 /6) 

12·.tring Guitar !Y.mehal 1 yr· old, 
e.c.lI.nt condition. Mu.t h •• r to ep· 
pr.cl.te. M.ke off.r. B.rry 462·9960 or 
'V" . ~718. 16/61 

ROLLING STOIIES TICKETS: LA Forum 
in July. Good , ellt • . C.II 469-6419. Be.t 
to r .. ch·9 pm t II fIlidnight. 16/61 

" Put somethirll •• cltlng between your 
:eg." 1000cc H )fl.y Davidson Sport.ter 
119n· XLHI Blu ~. U'" . e.nrk $1700. S .. 
deily in front , f BSB. Leave note ·Ed 
488-751716/41 

1971 Motorcy ~I • • It.li.n. 125 cCo' E.· 
c.lI.nt conditio~$400. 469·2481 (6/41 

Motorcycl. Suzuki TS 250cc 1.n. N.w 
tir .. , ch.in. p.lnt, tennl. racquat T·2000 
$20; He.d .kll. GS 200cm $40 l&pol .. 1 
Ph. 462-'775 16/41 

KITTENS. p.,.I.n·c.lico. ador.bl., 7 
wh, need loving .nd r .. pon.lbl. 
hom • . Call Tony, 510-7314 • • fter 7 p .m. 
No cherg • . 11111 

CRUCIAL GSU MEEnNGIIIN_ tim.: Ii 
pm. USB 2122 TODAY·WEDNESDAY. 
Com •• II. 

UCSD Fit".. Club .,..tlng 5:00 Thur .• 
in the Rec Gym Cont. Rm. N_ 
m.mber. w.lcomed. 

BOOKSTORE ADVISORY COMMITTEE 
MEEnNG Todey .t 3:. In the 2nd floor 
Ur.y H.II Conf.r.nc. Room. All 
Welcom • . 11/41 

The Communlcetione loerd will meet 
Thu.... .t noon. 2nd floor St. Org.n 
conf. room. 11141 

FILM: "WHERE IT HURTS" S.A.T.C.H. 
meeting. tonlt •. 7 p.m .. 031311141 

TRIDENT CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP 
tonight. 7:30. Formel Loung • . 11141 

ALL'CAMPUS FOOD COOP - Thurs. 10 
A.M. MUIR "VACANT LOT"ROOM __ 
.13 

Frldey Lunch Movie: "Saltmen In-
tervl_. IronOWlkI". HSS2333. 11 ' .m. 
.nd 12. 11111 

The Wom.n·. Ent.rtalnm.nt S.rI ... 
flv •• nd dim •• tonlte. Connl. Ju.ng· 
Mill •• nd 0.l1li White will be pleylng. 
The .nt.rtalnm.nt will beeln .round 
1:30. 11141 
Todey. ELI DAVIS. Chief of P.rlpher.1 
V .. cul.r 01....... H.d .... h 
University Hoepitil. J.n.etllem: Cllnlcel 
Blomlcroacopy. 2 p.m. IS ... 
Wed .• JUIIII 4 12 noon "R_rch In the 
Atmoaphlre - 1 ... • USB 212211141 
Dept. of Econ. S.mlllllr Thurs. 4 p.m . .. 
3211 Prof. John Fer.john 
" RATIONALlTV CONDITIONS AND 
SOCIAL CHOICE"11I41 

Advertisements for Ourselves 
'71 YAMAHA. 250 Enduro, cl •• n, many 
e.tr.s. good condition. $400. 436·1436 
16/61 

2 Scuba Diving Air card from 2 local 
scuba shops. Each card valued at 
12.50$. Will sell both for $15.00 or one for 
$8.00 Jim. 462-9033 16/41 

p.lr of Leath.r Puma Tenni. Shoe • . 
ne.rly new - too big for me . co.t $25. 
Size .ppro. men. 10~ . mu.t •• 11 $11i or 
off.r. Mik.462-1848 16/41 

1966 Chevy Belair 4DR Good Condt. 
Automatic. n.w B.tt.ry, r.bullt Tran •. 
N.w W.terpump - good tir ... Sell by 
June 14. $400.00 . 436-2213(6/6) 

Solid .. te. .utom.tic r.dio, AMI FM 
tuner wi 8 tr.ck tapa d.ck. $36. 
Masterwork Turntable wi ch.ng. fre • . 
Gina 272-5071 16/61 

1974 Toyot. C.lic. GT, AM·FM R.dio, 5 
sp •• d. Excell.nt condition $3IiOO __ 
248116/41 

'63 Chevy Nove 6 cyl . w.gon. N_ 
engine, tran.mi •• ion, tlr .. , .tart.r, 
radio. b.tt.ry. rlKiiltor. N.ed. 
bodywork. $360.00 Sua aft.r 5. 233 ..... 
16/41 

housing I 
Room in 0.1 Mar Hou.e. "1 / mo. St.rt 
Jun. 15. Occlud.d Oc .. n View. 756·2924 
16/41 

IMIRmmte ne.d.d June 15 · S.pt. 1510r 
any span between). Write David T. 3110 
Apt. E Via Alic.nte. LJ 92037. (l.J .V. J I 
16/61 

Need femal.: 4 bdrm. hou.e. own room. 
$81 .25. La Joli. near beach. M.yf.ir, we 
have 2 cats. Ava il. June 6th 469·70n. 
16/41 

Roommates wanted: 4 bedroom. 2 bath 
condo. in Mira Mes.; pool. jacuzzi; 6 mi 
from UCSD; $73.75 per mo.; av.il.ble 
June 15; 271 .7044(6/4) 

Room available for summer: Playmor 
condominimums. 2 m i. east of UCSD. 
POOl, volleyb.1I court, bus to school. 
$801 month. 462-9034 16/41 

NEED PLACE TO LIVE SUMMER. P.B. 
or South. Kathy 462·8361 16/61 

Hou .. on 15th St. th.t think. of iteelf a. 
a home need •• wom.n to .h.ra e room 
$!i!i / mo. lt·s. nice pl.c. to liv • . 411 ·1014 
16/41 

Roomm.t. nelKied •• lOon •• po .. lble. 
L. Joli. ViII.g •• /month. Ev ••. 4&2. 
11268, Mike or Rick 18/41 

Roomm.te W.;'t.d G.n ..... 
Highl.nds t_nhou.e. own room . 
pool · quiet neighborhood· .87 .liO 
Imonth. can move in June 1·10. 463-9377 
ev ... Jerry or G.off 16/61 

Fem.le Iquiet. non·.mok.rI would like 
own room in 0.1 Mar or La Joll. for 75-
76 · Under $90. EI .. nor 4&2·lm316 /41 

Need roomm,l" fur ne.t fall . 1.2 or 3 
people to share La Jolla Vill.g. ap.rt· 
ment M or F. P.ul, 463-9110 16/61 

DO YOU NEED A HOUSEMATE FOR 
FALL '751 Hera'. one who I. cl .. n. 
con.lderate. .nd doe.n·t g.t into 
trouble v.ry oft.n. 462·1123. Fr.nk 18/41 

2 non· smok_ need.d to .har. 3 bdrm 
apt in quiet 0.1 M.r n.lghborhood with 
chem. Grad . • tud.nt. $7!i/mo & utllltl •• 
John X4367 or _1410. 16/41 

2 p.opl. needed to .her. • room In 
condominium, for summ.r only. tI3 par 
month. 4&2· ... II/~) 

Going on Sabb.tical to l.r •• 11 To I •••• 
cozy 2 b.droom compl.t.ly furni.h.d 
apartm.nt in J.rusal.m. 1·2 y.ars 
$150/ month . includ •• gas range. 
washing machin • • dish ••. b.dding. bar. 
on bu. route. Clos. to center. 
Univ.rsity. Hadd.seh. Contact Lazarus 
X·3051 Or evenings 270·3339. 16/61 

wanted 
Int.r •• t.d in •• iling Ch.nn.1 1.I.nd. 
this summ.r? Abo.rd 36' .. iling sloop . 
Scuba div • . S.nd r •• um. of s.lf. J .T. 
P.O.Bo. 471 Oc •• n.id • • • Calif. 92064 
16/61 

Need rid. to Sacr.m.nto. Jun. 11i. Will 
p.y for g ••. Dick 462·81 • . 16/61 

I d .. p.,.t.ly n •• d good compl.t. 
I.ctur. not •• for Coh.n·. Hum.niti .. 7 
and Firt .. •• D.v.lopm.ntal Bio this 
qu.rt.r. Call P.ul48B· 16n 16/61 

W.t .ult to fit 6' tall. 170 lb. bro.d 
.hould.r.d m.I • . Scott. 44O-tIB). 18/41 

Arthur R.ckham post.rs. postc.rd., 
books. Will PAY CASH. 462,"1. 
M.d.lin.16/41 

Santa Cruz Bound1 Rid. need.d this 
w •• k.nd, I .. vlng Thursday Or lat.r. 
G •• , driving, .tc . • hared. D.bbl. 453· 
969718/41 

Guitar c ... w.nt.d . C.II M.ry .t 463· 
286116/41 

Sofa .nd slngl. b.d . in good condition. 
481-026616/41 

A good p.lr of hiking or stout w.lking 
boots. size 11 Or 11'h . Also n •• d h.ad 
mast.r r.ckat. Call Len at 462-8647 16/61 

RIDER WANTED · To Chicago. June 13. 
Share •• penses. no driving . For more 
info. Mik •. 453-157216/61 

Motorcycle Fairing. Windjemmer Mark 
II or III . Janice. 276·2151 16/61 

Foot-loose Feminist Grad seeks same 
for travel companion. Let's e.plore CA. 
MEX, Or 1 Nadine. 463·9686 16/61 

Need Pick·up Truck to move e load of 
furniture to Del M.r. Will p.y. Lind. 
462·9327 16/41 

Will p.y •• If .om.on. driving to 
Sacr.m.nto .fter Filllli. will tak •• om. 
of my thing •. Lon 453-131316/41 

p.titlon Clrculetor, full or p.rt tim. 
mu.t b. regl.t.r.d vot.r or 1. .nd 
willing to b.com. regi.t.,ed. C.II 233-
1mlpl/81 

HELPI If you have docum.ntltion that 
the Eucelyptu. t_ on campu. w.r. 
pl.nted by the r.llroed • . W.ndy. 4&2. 
864718/41 

Rid. n •• d.d to B.y .r ••. Around June 
11i. Will .h.r. g ••• nd other •• p.n •••. 
488-1120 III 41 

personals 
St.vl • • 
Th.n. for h.lplng m •• nd b.lng my 
b •• t •• t buddy. Going to mill you whil. 
you're In O.k Ridg • . Lo Mucho Qu. T. 
Quiero. Lind • . 18/41 

G.t your t •• th Into .om.thlng julcyll 
D.bbi • . 18/41 

M.rcl. . I think . Th.nk.. Thanks. 
Thank.1 God, I kn_ how bombed I 
w •• M.morl.1 D.y, Sun.y. So, '0, out 
of It. Th. fountain w •• bHutlful .nd 
COld. I probably talk.d your Mr off 
when w ... t on Blak •• t..,.. I lov. you 
for It .11. B.rb. call & tall m. where you 
.r • . ___ 11141 

To. Nancy. P.m K., Debbie. Pam 1. 
Rog.r. Liz. Laurel. Ronn.y. Tor.y, .nd 
I •• t but not le .. t Lyl •. Th.nk. for the 
gre.t B.D. your genero.ity will be mo.t 
f.ithfully rew.rded11 R.A. 16/ 41 

LEE H.E.: CONGRATULATIONS. dudel 
Wh.n·. the big d.y .nd who' . the lucky 
girl1 A&R 16/41 

I wi.h to conv.y my appreci.tlon for 
the sincere effort. of .11 tho.. who 
supported m •• t the Coop.r.tiv. Tu ••. 
M.y 27th. Under .uch odd. w. did 
quite w.1I indeed. I will contlnu. to 
work for the coll.ctive you. c.n b •• ure 
of th.t. My b •• teat lov. to you .11. Fr.d 
Sp.ck 16/41 

COLORADO GO HOME II 
11141 

To the Antl-Rev.lI. Muir Stud.nt • . 
T.k. h •• dl Big Nurd i. w.tchlng you. 
Big Nurd 16/41 

Att.ntlon R.v .. l. Stud.nta: V .. it. 
tru.1 D •• plt. rumors to the contrary • • 
rec.nt " nurd" .urv.y has sh_n that 
THERE IS POSITIVELY NO IN· 
TELLIGENT LIFE ON MUIRI Signed: 
Prof. J .. n·PI.rr. Gultterd ICheml Prof. 
Colin Hirsy.m. IBlcl Prof. M.rk Whiz 
I phy.'16/41 

Laura IB.C.I Almost N.ney IW.T.I, 
H.rbl •• Susan, at .1: What. neat group 
of peopl. you ere .nd it i. f.r to r.r. 
that I .dmlt h_ much I lov. you .11. 
I'm .n.lou.ly looking forw.rd to thl. 
.umm.r .nd ne.t YNr toe.ther. Troll 
R. with F.cl.1 Fungu.IP.W.111I41 

J im. Arndt, S.r. D.Muth. Ruth 'Ler-
.0n ... MI •• you .nd A2. D.llb.ry for· 
thcoming ... Sun.hln. Avac.do. 18/41 

To the guy in the orang. room · But-
terfli .. are b •• utiful .nd .0 .r. youl 
Sam & Bad 16/41 

Horse. 
It's been a gre.t veer. See you during 
the summer. Thanks for everything. 
Worm 16/41 

To G.C. who dldn' t r.ad TT. 5 months 1 
d.y after 1st H.D. 
Love. U.M. watching " M." w ith the 
green hair. 16/41 

Constellation. 
We've had a lot of gre.t tim ... I'll miss 
you during the .ummer. Thenks for 
being such a gra.t friend. Love. Worm 
16/41 

For Sale: 3 g1l1l0ns We .. on Veg.tabl. 
Oil. Would Ilk. to •• 11 whol. qu.ntity, 
but will c.t.r to .mall.r partl .. ·or In· 
form.1 g.th.ring.. Inqulr. .t Barry'. 
B.g.I • . (1 /4) 
Th. R.d Crou .nd tha VI.tllllmea. 
r.fugH ... I.tenc. committee need 
volunt •• ,. to tNch Engll.h through the 
.umm.r .t C.mp P.ndleton. PI_. 
contact Dorl., C·.... Thank you. 
11181 

UCSD .tudent· run d.ting •• rvic •• 
b ••• d upon prof ... lon.1 
p.ychologic.lly-dHign.d comp.tlbility 
t •• t.. i. n_ .cc.pting m.mb.,.hip 
.ppllc.tlon • . Money b.ck gu.r.nt .. .. 
INFO 464-864916/61 

LOST: May 10. on. p.ir yellow le.th.r 
.. ndl .. at b ••• b.1I di.mond n •• r gym. 
Pi .... c.1I Paul 756·6420 16/41 

G.t your tMth into .om.thing juicy I 
The Food CooP. BI.k. H.II In •• t to the 
ice cr .. m Hu.tl.,1 10-4 delly Ipl/61 

[. . ~ervlces 
Want your Fumlture ICouch. tabIN, 
chairs, .tc.1 Stored for 'rae durlntl 
IUmm.r. W. will carefully _tch It In 
•• chen •• 'or U". Doug. ""'. 11/41 

lahl. BOlt Trip. June 5th .. 11 pm. 
Tlck.t. on .. I •• t TC F.clllt.tor. Offlc. 
MC 412, "m Ii .• 1.00 .. ch. 0.,." to Third 
Studen .. only Ipl/41 

The 22nd Annu.1 Rev.11e Waterm.lon 
Queen P,,,"nt Wed. Night, JUIIII 4 In 
the Rev Cl!t.terla. The Qu .. n mu.t ba a 
Rev.lI. frMhm.n. m.1a or f.mel • . Pick 
up .ppllcetlone .t Rev.lI. RMldent 
OMn'. or ~ommunlty C.nt.r. 11141 

WOMAN'S EVOLUTIOk, a ravl_ of 
Evelyn Reed'. book, 1P0naoreet by The 
Young Soclall.t Alilanc •• Wed. 7:. p.m. 
Rev.11a Form.1 Loung • . 11141 

Want to buy • new Europ .. n c.r 
cheap1 I' m going abro.d .nd will buy 
and ship car over for yOU In e.ch.nge 
for a few week. use . Con.lder.bl. 
savings Over US pric ••. C.II Len at 462· 
8547. 16/61 

TYPISTS : IBM ·Term p.per /-
thesis/ di .. ertations/etc. Editing l RUSH 
JOBS/ Xero • • And i: 463-086616/61 

YARD and GROUNDS service. E.· 
tensive CLEAN· UP, hauling. Expert tree 
trim. prune end remov.l . DIGGING AI 
2n.3620 16/6"" 

FULLER BRUSH Boar Bri.tle H.ir· 
bru.h ••. For Full.r Brush Service 464· 
8649 or 469·7375 16/61 

S.v. your.elf some mon.y! I'll r.p.i, 
your motorcycl •• nd t •• ch you h_ to 
do it whil. I do it. Greg. m ·9132 .ft.r 6 
pm la.v. m .... g • . lpS/61 

RESEARCH AIDS .· North Am.rlce·. 
I.rg •• t .ervic • . For catalOgu ••• nd .2 
to: E ... y Servic .. , 67 Sp.dlllll #208, 
Toronto. Ont.rio, C.n.d • . AI.o. 
c.mpu. r.pr ••• ntetiv •• r.qulr.d . 
PI .... writ • . 416·""'1 1181 61 

" LET OUR FINGERS DO YOUR 
TYPINGI" DOCTORATES ..... 
MANUSCRiPTS ...... 

THESES IBM S.I.ctrlc II 
Corr.cting Typ.wrlt.r . Num.rou. 
Typ... C.mpu. pick·up. OOUBLE·D 
ASSOCIATES 2211-5131 Doris 1111/11 

TYPING·MARILYN would lik. to type 
your p.per. th •• I., .tc. She i. • • . 
p.ri.nc.d on .11 typ .. of p.p.,.. f .. t. 
r ... ooable .nd h ••• correcting IBM. 
PI .. se call her.t 566·""'. Ip6/61 

Summer work b.ck East. E.rn .2436. 
Call 469-0661 .18/61 

travel -I 
EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTERS STILL 
OPEN · SSW Tr.vel Office. On Campus 
Int'l Student 10. Eursil. Tripping. etc. 
UCSD Intern.tional Center. 452·0630. 
11am·4pm Mon. Wed. Fri & 9.m·1pm 
Tues & Thurs. IpS/61 

Ch.rt.r <t R.gul.r .Irllne tick.t •. Phon. 
469-4415 Univ.rslty Tr.v.1 2241 Av • . D. 
L. PI.y •. L. Joll., C • . lpS/30l. 

EUROPE. ISREAL.AFR·j CA Stud.nt 
flight. y •• r round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11887 San Vic.nt. Blvd. No.4 
L.A. C.llf .... 
Tel: 12131121-_.""1111/11 

EUROPE·ISRAEL·AFRICA·ORIENT L_ 
cost fligMa, tours, the whol. .tudent 
bit. At our offlc. over 2110 FREE non-
comm.rclel pemphlatl, broc'*'-. .. big 
buckl .. vlnea EITC 510 W. Sixth. lulte 
318 LA . .,41213) 123-21211118111 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE, 
ISRAEL ORIENT. L_ prlc .. . long .nd · 
.hort flight. . Llmlt.d 'P'C'. 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1a 
W •• twood Blvd. LA I0Il24 12131 871-.121 
or 4n. 11112 16/11 

Go to Europ. June 19 for 3 week • . 
Original price of tick.t " .00. I'll •• 11 it 
for $321i.00. Stave or Osc.r .ft., 6 pm. 
296·817616/41 

EUROPE·ISRAEL·ORIENT LOW COST 
S'rUDENT FLIGHTS. CONTACT: AIST 
17141 144-1113. 1742 HEATHE .. ·AVE. 
TUSTIN. CALIF . ..., 11/4) 


