
s 
.. and interview 
Imes for 
organl.~ations 
requesting funds 
from the Budget 
Resource Group 
available at the 
Student Center. 2nd 
floor. 

Mo"ti4y, Febrwry 3, 1975 

Former Chancellor McGill 
Heads UC ·President List 

A former dns,,<:~Uor. of UC San 
Diego is under consideration by 
the UC Regents search committee 
charged with finding a 
replacement for Charles Hitch, 
who has announced that he will 
retire in June. 

S'ude,,' Ce",er direclor Mari &oima", a"d Moonman and his 
money, all of whom reached a happy accord /asl weei. 

William McGill, who left UCSD 
in 1971 after two years as 
chancellor to become president 
of Columbia University, is on a 
list of possible candidates 
reported by the los ' Angeres 
Times and confirmed by 
University sources last week . ' ~ 

Regulations Proposed to 
According to the Times, in 

addition to McGill the list in-
cludes the current president of 
the University of Washington, the 
University of Michigan, Michigan 
State University, the University of 
Utah, and the chancellor of the 
State University of New York. Control Campus Vendors 

A set of proposals for 
regulating vendors on the UC San 
Diego campus will be presented 
to a meeting of administrators 
and students this week. 

According to student center 
director Mark Bookman, the 
proposals are a result of a request 
by Student Affairs vice-chancellor 
George Murphy, who wanted 
campus policy to be made 
consistent with a state-wide 
policy prohibiting sale for per-
sonal gain on UC campuses. 

In addition, the first conflict 
over enforcement of the new 
tough-on-vendors policy has been 
resolved. 

Proposals 
Bookman said that college 

deans and student represen-
tatives have met with him in the 
past few weeks to develop the 
proposed regulations. The first 
proposal would require that all 
vendors obtain permits, so that 
administrators would be able to 
keep commercial outlets off 
campus . Bookman said the 
proposal would orient the vendor 
policy in favor of vendors selling 
hand-made items to support 
themselves , and away from 
commerical enterprises. 

Second, it has been proposed 
that hours for sales be limited to 
avoid the possibility of per-
manent booths appearing -on 
campus. Vendors would either be 
allowed a certain number of 
selling hours per quarter, or bV 
resticting sales times to certain 
hours cJ the day. 

In addition, the proposal would 
allow vendors to display their 
!pods only in certain areas of the 
campus, to insure that there will 
be no undesirable interference 
with student activity. . 

Moon Realtor 
One of the first conflicts over 

the tougher policy regarding 
vendors occurred last Wednesday 
following National Lampoon co-
editor Doug Kenny's speech at 
the steps of the gym . A man, 
W"lose name was not available at 
press time, was selling one acre 
plots on the moon for one dollar 
each, and was told by Bookman 
of the policy restricting vending 
on campus. 

" Besides," B<>okman told the 
Triton Times later, "he doesn't 
ONn the moon." 

However, B<>okman said the 
moonman will be allowed to 
appear on campus "as en-
tertainment," but under the 

auspices of a student 
organization . All his profits, 
Bookman said, will be funneled 
into the general University fund, 
from which the moonman will be 
paid a stipend. 

May Combine 

A final recommendation from 
the search committee will be 
made to the Regents at their 
March meeting. The committee 
will meet this weekend and 
several more times before March 
to interview the final candidates. 

Service Co~ps to Meet 
Student cooperatives and service organizations Will hold a joint 

meeting Wednesday at 7 pm in the International Center tQ dis(llss 
the possibility of forming an umbrella student c'orporation : 

Among the groups attending will be the Food Coop/ the Bike Coop, 
the Coop Book Exchange, and the Coast Cruiser. The proposed cor-
poration would not be under University control, thus giving these 
organizations more flexibility in their programs. 

According to Garret Geuner, one ot the organizers of the meeting, 
the student groups will give presentations on their current programs, 
and will discuss the possibility of providing more student service 
organizations. 

Geuner said he will give a presentation on both the Student cor-
poration at UC Berkeley and the system in operation at UCLA, wherein 
student service groups have incorporated with the Associated 
Students. 

Trip (Kicked Back) 
to Colorado 

Associate City Editor Mark Woelber's account of his trip to 
Colorado last month. 

Colorado is where a lot of you would rather be than here. That's 
what you tell me. I've been lold about the Good Earth, and living off 
the land, independently, in Colorado . I laugh. I've been told there's 
no competition . I've even been told, by people who haven't been 
there, that I never should have left. How was I to know? When I was 
growing l4> in Denver, the far horizon was Southern California. 

So here I am . But every once in a while I straggle back to 
Colorado, by car usually, to see my fami Iy, to ski / or to just kick 
back . The kick-back is the good part. Everyone from outside feels it--
just part of the day. You pack and hassle to make a plane from Los 

Angeles International, you survive the f l ight and baggage claims, 
you get outside the Denver city limit, look around and notice how 
big it all feels and you get kicked back . ' Or you drive,non-stop, 
because you wanted to get through Orange County and San Berdoo, 
and you realize you've got to keep jamming ' til you get to the 
Continental Divide, where, like it or not, 'yOu get ki cked back. 

Sure, it's partly the altitude, contributing to a fresh, anguine 
perspective we don't have on the Coast . But I was raised in 
Colorado, and additionally blessed with oversize lungs, so I don' t 
get altitude giddy, iIld I sti II feel an oversi ze whoos h when that fi rst 
bi Itmountain panorama drops out in front of me on the highway I 
east of Grand junction, just inside the Colorado border. 

This stret h of highway running from Grand Junction through the 
Rockies to Denver is Colorado's Yellow Brick Road. It emerges from 
a network of canyon-land highways, bucki ng like 01 d steers through 
weather-beaten Utah ranch towns, to cut through the heart of the 
Colorado gold and silver-boom country . Scattered along the way are 
towns whose names suggest their reasons, or excuses, for existing ' 
Rifle, Empire. Silver Plume, Golden. Along this rout , whic.b 
originally followed the erpentine watercourse of Colorado' s 
deepest canyons, passed the commerce of precious metal whi h 
built the opera-houses and Tudor man ions of Central City and 
Denver. Gold on the Yellow Brick Road o lorado' 

Primary Candidates 
The Times reported that the 

committee's list oT primary 
condidates for the presidential 
post include: 

eRobben W. Fleming, president 
of the University of Washington 
cr'Id an » •. ","""", . 

.clifton Wharton, president of 
the University of Michigan and a 
former vice president of the 
Rockefeller Foundation ; 

eDavid Gardner, president of 
the University of Utah and a 
former UC vice president and UC 
Santa Barbara vice chancellor; 

• Ernest Boyer, chancellor of the 
State Un iversity of New York; and 

. John R. Hoagness, president of 
the University of Washington and 
a physician . 

An article in the San Francisco 
Chronicle on Tuesday gave the 
same list with the exclusion of 
Hoagness, who has held the 
Washington presidency for less 
than a year, and who has turned 
down the chancellorships of two 
UC campuses . 

Other possible presidents may 
be UC Vice President Chester O. 

McCorkle and UC Provost and 
UCLA Vice Chan cellor David 
Saxon, although the Regents 
seem inclined to recru it the new 
president from outside the UC 
system . They are reportedly not 
considering such peopl e as 
Houston I. Flournoy and Casper 
Weinberger because they are 
considered to be, "polit ical." 

Committee Makeup 
Members of the committee, 

appointed last October, are 
balanced between liberal and 
conservative Regents . The 
committee is chaired by con-
servative Edward Carter, who is 
joined by Regents Robert 
Reynolds, Dan Watkins, and 
Glenn Campbell. liberal 
members include Regents Elinor 
Heller, William Roth , and William 
Coblentz . Governor Edmund G. 
Brown Jr . is also a member of the 
committee. 

Student, faculty, and alumn i 
representatives are also par-
ticipating i n the select io n 
process. Student Body Presidents 
Council Chairman Larry M iles of 
UCLA attends all meetings of the 
comm ittee, as do Alumn i 
Association President George 
Link and Academic Coun c i l 
Chairman Alexei Maradudin . 

At an early meet ing, the 
committee outHned about 15 
cr iteria for select ion of the new 
Un iversity president In addit ion 
to tradit ional qual it ies such as 
intellectual stature, dedicat ion to 
academic freedom, leadership 
capabilit ies, and a temperament 
and stam ina to handle the 
position, the comm ittee included 
a number of criteria wh ich refl ect 
the issues the University of 
California is fac ing in th e 
seventies. . 

development in the 1870' s to the extent that the dome of the tate 
capitol' building, Jocated on the highest hill in Denver, wa plated 
with it . Even today, this dome is a conspi cuous monum nt of 
radiant heathen brilliance . 

The Yellow Brick Road still passes through som of the greatest 
scenery anywhere, including Glenwood Canyon, The Gore Range , 
and Loveland Pass on the Continental Divide. ome of the en ry 
is brand new. The tunnel in Glenwood Canyon, for in tance It' to 
accommodate a 4-lane lInder construct ion , which en-
vironmentali ts claim will de troy the brazen elegance of the gorge, 
and harmfully alter the olorado Riverbed Th re' a new oil- hale 
refinery at Rulison ; environmentali t s claim hal pro es 109 will 
leave vast depo its of sterile litter in the mountain valley , much as 
mine dump from the old silver day fill to a I er e tent many 
valleys now. 

A lot of the natural cenery in Colorado beg to be looked at hard, 
b cause it might be turned into om thing new by th t ime you 
r turn . In the 50' , when my family u ed to rive through the Gore 
Range on our way to Glenwood Hot pring:., w 'd play count ing 
gam s with the heep in the pasture below Jail pa s ow, there 
are snow-covered condominium and chal t wher the hay barn 
u ed to tand. Vail I the new gold thf> HI h for eli ron. 
relaxation , and th big p ri nc It is Colorado' larg t and mo t 
con umptive indu try, th re reational plund r Peopl 
to Colorado in warm , to vi it and to ta , and th 'r 
of perple ing. pc1rddoxl al probl m~ . [ v ryon 

Continued on,-=....:::.ct:::...:J-=--_________ • 



() III ()II 
T rt~~~!i~~: IT ~~-~~"d~V.,~;~:ua~~oh"" Me 

located within a social matrix. The very fact that 
tunan infants acquire language defines people as Media institutions such as the Triton Times, ~n 

Oieao Union, the six o'clock news, ~ c~tera, .whlch 
prateod to portray reality as it oblectlyely IS, ~~ 
changed by the subjective human . minds which 
select and present it, are perpetratmg a fraud~ a 
snowjob. The snow job has the effect of turn~ng 
reality into unreality, sense ~nto nO~,se~se, .and .Vlce 
versa. There is no such thmg as obJective Jour-

social beings. .' 
Individual rights mean nothing outSide of t~ 

oontext of social rights. Furthermore, human Ity 
existS within the biosphere, this planet's commun~ty 
of living things . Therefore, social, let alone In-
dividual "rights" cb not exist outside the context d 

naI ism" . .J. ecology. . ' f' I Most Vietnamese people, Slgnl lcant y, . ~n-
Every journalist, indeed every person, has ~ set UI 

underlying assumptions and conc\u~lons whl~h we 
may call a philosophy or world view.. ,One' S. ~er­
spective has a direct relation t? one s politiCS, 
ethics, and priorities for SOCial actl~n and con~er~ . 
In a society such as the U.S.A., one s per~pectlve IS 
developed in an environment of gross inequality. 
This is ref\ect4!d in conditions among economic 
classes, from elite corporate owning/ruling ~Iass 
million and billionaires to people With neither 
property or a job ~o must eat cat food or worse. It 
is seen il racism, sexism and age gaps. One must be 
critical and consider the source of any (~lIeged) 
information . Here lies the wisdom behind t~ 
popularized Black expression, " I know where you re 
comin' from ." " Advocacy journalism" acc~ratel y 
describes all journalism. Journalists, by filtering 
reality, advocate a conception of it based upon 
ooere they' re comin' from . 

derstand all this much better than mo~t ~f us liVing 
here in the heart of "civilization." This IS why the 
revohtionary forces have enough support among 
Vietnamese people to bog down and beat back "the 
pol iceman of the world," " the number on~, 
superpower," " the defender of the free world. 
These are euphemisms for the tyranny of U .S. 
Imperialism . Neither Tom Tanana, nor John Taylor, 
nor many others like them understand that . As 
Eldridge Oeaver once put it : " You are either part r:J 
the problem, or part of the solution ." 

I n this light it becomes meaningful and 'com-
prehensible that Taylor's Coop articl~, referred to 
above, filtered reality for us. Taylor IS, at I~st ~t 
this rroment il his life, "part of the problem . H~ IS 
rd fully sensitive to the ~Iitics o~ his semantics 
and the reinforcement hiS writing offers the 
Establishment. 

Since the Triton Times embarked last Fall upon 
the task of " trashification" of the inner logic of the 
Student Cooperative proceedings, and along the 
way created a Montgomery Reed that exists only ~n 
the pages of the newspaper and in the ml nds of ItS 
(few I hope) less critical readers, I have b~n 
debating with myself . " Is it worth any of my t~me 
and energy to explain the absurdity of the Triton 
Tirrles?" That part of me which finds such ill?s~rdlty 
not at all benign, but subtly and VI cloosly 
destructive, finally won . . 

Richard Nadeau's criticism of Llpset (T.T. 
1/24/ 75) ought to be seen as a~plicable to the 
Triton Times in many ways . What I m thinking her.e 
is Richard's question of Lipset's rap, " Does not thl ,~ 
indicate an impoverished command of language? 
In the case of Lipset, the T.T., or any brand 0.1, 
thought which is not critical of the. " Establishment. 
(capitalist / imperialist society), I think the answer IS 
both ~s and no. 1' 1\ explain . . 

It is impoverished in that it does not result In 
such nonsense as defining " 'left' within the cont~t 
of the university, but not entire social Sy~t:m" I~ 
such a way as to make it synonymous -:Vlth liberal . 
(See Neadeau on Upset) . Or It allows a 
mythologi ca l " middle-of-the-road " sort of 
definition where t:1{ " radical" becomes synonymous 
with "extreme" and can therefore be applied to 
reinforce a scale where reason abides inbetween 
" rilt1t" and '1eft." (See T.T. 1/22/ 75, Coop article 
on front page by John Taylor). RADICAL IMPLI ES 
GOING TO THE ROOTS, THE SOURCE OF 
VYHATEVER IT IS THAT IS BEING ANALIZED . If this 
IS "extreme" or " fanatic" then what does that say 
about non-radical thought? . 

However, there is reason to say that non-radical 
thinking is not impoverished. The politiCS of 
56T1antics hashes around with elaborate (or perhaps 
rrore often simplistic) ideological constructs rooted 
only in superficiality . The resultant . confus .. ~ and 
inability to act with a clear, verifiable VISion of 
w,at will be produced by such action frust~ates and 
incapacitates people. It spawns apathy. Th IS ~athy 
must be understood as being of great use to the 
methodical social manipulations of the govern-
ment/ corporations. It makes the p~ple I ike putty. 
In this sense, non-radical thought IS rich and ef-
fective. k I b' 

When he says Coop elections we~e. he.ld to 
balance any racial , ethnic, or sexual deflclen~les .on 
the Budget/ Resource Group, he puts raci ai , 
ethnic, or sexual" in quotation marks ~hereby 
attributing their existence to someone else s Ideas 
and qualifying the credibility of words or conceptG 
inside the quotation marks. Quote: marks ~re 
frequently used in journalism as dlsclamler in-
dicators. I've worked since 1971 with the Crazy I 
Times and North Star newspapers, am a student d 
communication arts, and am well aquainted. with 
this common trick of the trade. Also , why did he 
choose the word "deficiencies?" This word Implies 
unreasonable and strict, with the implicit con-
notation of antithesis to democracy and freedom . 
'Wny didn't he use a word like " inequities" or 
• under-representations?" 

I submit that the 'reason is that Taylor does not 
fully accept or comprehend that. th is ~s a societ.y. of 
historic and continuing stratificatIOn entailing 
insitutionalized inequalities related to class .. race, 
sex age, and other factors and that creative ex-
per'imentation with counter:institutional proc.esses 
is necessary if we are serious about wanting a 
society of equality. Perhaps Taylor wo~ld Cl'gue It IS 
only this particular experiment for which he has so 
little support. However, there is too much in the 
rest of his work to suggest otherwise . If anyone IS 
interested in verifying this, you can go over such 
material with a fine-toothed comb (it's time 
consuming but rewarding) by pursuing . questions 
such as : Why was each particular fact filtered out 
of the available whole? How was each fact 
presented? What are the implications? What 
ideology or world view is reinforced? 

Thus, we see members of the 'Yaffy Duc C u 
(Young Americans for Fr~edom) com;,. up .wlth 
chestbeating statements In favor of IndiVidual 
rilt1ts" or against " big government" implying that 
radicals have the opposite in mind and are really 
only interested in lording over everyone el~. (See 
1.1. 1/24/ 75) . The size of a governm ent IS not 
nearly!'Q important as what kind it is, who it serves , 

I propose that 'we students r~cog~ize. thp right -
wing (Establishment supportive) Implications of the 
Triton Times' so-ca lled "objectivity" and demand 
the following changes from the Communications 
Board which oversees the paper. First, 
acknowledgement (within the constitutions o~ bot h 
the Board and the media it funds) of the biased, 
pol itical character of all iournal ism . Second, i n-
corporation (into these constitutions, by-laws, etc., 
and into the Triton Times' format) of the concept of 
advocacy iournali5m as the only honest jour-
nal ism . In the event that either the Comm. Board 
and/or the T.T. should fail to implement these 
changes the Student Cooperative and other 

concern~d students should take steps, including 
perhaps lawsuits and also "extralegal" means If 
needed, to suspend all funding of the newsp~per 
and to revoke the authority 01 the Commu ni catIOns 
Board to handle student funds until such time as 
some basic safeguards against the dishonest , waste 
of our resources can be instituted. 

It 

Malcolm A . Smith , editor 
Edward E. Simons, managing editor 
John H. Taylor, city ed,tor 
Joni Moody , copy editor 
Charles Heimler, editorial director 
R.id, Rodewald, busme s manager 
Larry Deckel. arts ed'lor 
Kirk Robinson, sports editor 
Ted Sperry, photo editor 

The Tn'ton Time publishes Mon ., .We.d., 
Fri. a an officialiy recoitniz.ed pubi~calton 
0/ the UC5b CommunIcations Board .. In 
taking editorial positions, t~e Tnton 
Times does not represent the View 0/ the 
UniverSity. The Com1l1 unications Board, 
or the student body. 

Page 2 Tri~on Time Fehruary 1, 1975 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 

LIBRARY 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 
Send for your up-to-date, 
176· page, mail OI'der catalog 
of SSOO topics. Enclose 
S 1.00 to coyer postage (' ·2 
days deliyery timel. 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
. SUITE #203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our material! are sold for 

r .... rch purllOW' only 

Gay Meeting 
Apprehension 

Two weeks ago I saw a sign up for a meeting of people who are gay. 
Being a person who is gay, I took notice. It was. for 7 pm. Later on I 
saw that the sign had been removed-probably npped down by some 
insecure jock who cringed at the sight of the word gay. ~ho knows? 
But the stereotype of a "gay hater" is just ~s inappropriate as the 
stereotype of a "gay person." Bot~ mean nothing. 

I was at home that evening doing unim.portant things and I. sa~ 
that it was 7:20. I was reminded of the meeting and began to deCide ~f 
I really wanted to go. I had mixed feelings . I wanted t~ see what It 
would turn out to be, yet I was afraid and nervous about I!; enough to 
think it wouldn't be worth it. Moments later I was preparing to leave 
I arrived on campus and walked to the student center. There was .a 
girl who stopped a safe distance away and peered around the b~g 
grass mpund to check out exactly what was happening, and m 
thinking about her hesitati~n , I cau~~t myself}aklng the lon~ way 
arouno to sort of inconspicuously sneak-up on the meeting. I 
realized how absurd it was . I walked into the lounge and sat down . 

It occurred to me that I might have come to the wrong place but 
the topic of conversation told me i~ was the right place. I saw that 
own expectations and preconceptions about people who are gay 
caught me offguard . None of the people there were externally 
identifiable as " gay people" (note the distinction), perhaps a few by 
means of their speech, yet it confirmed the statistic I knew which was 
that of the subset of people who are gay, 1-5 percent of them are 
"suspect" of it by their external demeanor. I say suspect because as 
people who are gay know, (wh ich everyone should know), ther.e IS no 
intrinsic connection between one's demeanor and homosexuahtv. 

I stayed until after 11 . I had met a slew of people, engaged in a 
number of above average conversations, and most importantly, 
flashed on the spectrum of people there, a spectrum I had expected 
to be much more limited. (Even as one who IS exposed constantly to 
people who are gay) . Yet because most "nor.m~I " people (excuse me) 
have a limited view of them, there are a limited number of places 
where a limited subsection of the gay community limit ~hemselves to, 
like bars, parks, etc. But the gay community at large~ IS large, and It 
spans the spectrum of real people in real life . (There IS no such thing 
as real life but some lives are more real than others. T"ou~h the 
crowd at the meeting was larger than I had expected , I know It was a 
small portion of the gay community at UCSD. (A conservative 
estimate is about 500 people or more) . 

Above and beyond the realization of the spectrum of p.eopl~ who 
are gay themselves, there is the spec!!um .of the whole SituatIOn to 
consider. The situation is unfortunate and ridiculous . 

To say that people who are gay are basically different is to say that 
people who are black are different . Different .from what? [ Probably 
from the person making the comparison). The Important thing IS that 
first and foremost they are people and that blackness, gayne s, 
beliefs , or whatever is one aspect of a person rather than a fun-
damental view . This goes without saying. Yel we all tend to lose what 
limited perspectives we have and latch on to popular opinion rather 
than thinking for ourselves . Each example of a black, gaY, .or W .{'- .S.P. 

. is unique in itself and to generalize about them IS to admit one.s true 
stupidity. Th e psychology behind humans in ":,,hatever f.o~m IS too 
subtle and interwoven to lend itself to any sOCietal classlflcatlO.n or 
generalization by common folk . (No one likes to be claSSified 
because it's not really accurate). 

I rea;ized this fact even more at the meetin g. Each of us should 
take it upon ourselves to cut through the crap : Many people who are 
gay find them selves afraid of the public; afraid of what people may 
think . I'm not afraid because I know that my true friends (all 
heterosexual) cou ld care less because they are~ 't . ignorant. They have 
the proper perspective and I invalidate the opinions of those people 
who may think less of me. The people who .avol~ed the meetl.ng 
because they're ilfraid of what people might thln.k (1Ik~ I a.lmost, dl~) 
should reconsider, a'nd realize th e IncongrUities In their thinking. It s 
absurd to be afraid . How does the fear of Ignorant people compare to 
th e possibility of making new friends in a good SOCial setting and 
getting a better perspective of life as a person who IS gay or bisexual. 
It is impossible to speculate about somethmg (UCSD SOCial groups for 
those who are omnisexual) when it could be a mIllion different ways . 
My own misconceptions showed me that many people are short-
changing themselves (like I al(llost did) . 

00 you get what I'm trying to say? 

MARK HANR EK 

ANOTHER PERSON 

'They Like Jerry Brown, But Don't Want Him Around' 
Continued from Page 1 

everyone wants a 
piece, as -the developers say: a 
piece of the beach, or a piece of 
the Rockies. All who experience 
Colorado would like it to stay the 
same, because it's good. • 

NobodY)'Yants to le~ve. 
The situation is causing an 

explosion of patience. In 1976, 
Colorado celebrates its cen-
tennial. It's already been com-
memorated with a new license 
plate done out, like .a Hart Ski 
advertisement, in red, white, and 
blue, incidentally the colors of 
the mother-land, which happens 
to be celebrating a bicentennial 
at the same time. As part oj the 
festive package, Colorado could 
have had the 1976 Winter 
Olympics . But the citizens of 
Colorado, old-timers and new -
comers alike, and many of these 
from California, turned the 
Olympics away, in a popular 
referendum. A favorite slogan, 
" Oon't Californicate Colorado," 
came into use about this time. 
With the California Dream so 
recently abused, the mandate 
from Coloradans was clear: Okay, 
we're on the map, but we're not 
on the make. 

While the voters may be able to 
dump a blatant enterprise like the 
Olympics, with its inevitable 
impressions on the landscape and 
reputation of the State, Colorado 
is too juicy a plum not to be 
developed, and few Coloradans 
advocate a stand-still policy. 
They'd like to see sensible, 
discrete development. Yet with 
the eager presence of industry in 
the absence of any consistent 
land-use policy, Colorado' is 
environmentally violated more 
often than the coastline initiative. 
And Colorado does have some 
real problems. 

Denver, with a metropolitan 
area twenty miles square and 
teeming with over a million 
people (half the population of the 
state), has one of the worst smog 
problems of any major ci ty. It is 
even worse than L.A.'s, according 
to the EPA. Denver lies in a great 
basin at the foot of the front 
range, where updrafts make for 
world's record soaring, and where 
thermal inversions are as com-
mon as summertime cumulus. 
Streets are old -fashioned, 
congested , and autos Tun 
gaseously in frustration . In 
Denver, a typical western city, 
the car is king. In the spirit of 
rugged individualism, everyone is . 
free to own, and use, as many 
cars as the, please; there is no 
rapid transit alternative. So 
Denver swelters, noxiously, in 
summer, and no longer prides 
itself on the whiteness of its 
winter. 

Colorado suffers from a water 
shortage. It is despite its bounty, 
an arid state. ItS major urban 
concentration is albng the drier 
Eastern slope of the divide, while 
its one great river, the Colorado, 
f lows West, to California . That's 
too far to suit many. By the time 
it gets to Californ ia, I'd rather 
drink wine anyway. 

As the national economy 
declines, Colorado, though still a 

prosperous state, is also feeling 
the pinch of a business 
slowdown. Colorado Springs, at 
one time the fastest growing city 
in the U.S., with 200 families a 
week moving in, lies low and 
plain, a country town with big-
city pretensions, under the pall of 
a building moratorium which 
never went away, long after the 
energy crisis was called off. 
Colorado Springs was to have 
represented the state's spirit of 
new prosperity and 
sophistication , a Western blend 
of spaced-out folklore and 
benevolent technology, a city of 
"wide streets, parks, and chur-
ches ." It might have worked 
before the economy went sour, 
but now there are other priorities, 
and some reSidents feel betrayed, 
feel they were conned into 
hopeless anticipation . The 
ubiquitous presence of major 
army and air force bases around 
the town wasn't enough to 
guarantee prosperity or jobs, but 
turned out instead to be just 
another excuse for a mid-Western 
family man to make a bootstrap 
move to the modern boom town. 
Many of those men and their 
families are stuck there, now. The 
military bases exist independantly 
of the town, anyway. Its probably 
true that the military would just 
as soon see Colorado Springs, at 
the foot of Pikes Peak: with its 
bounty of natural cu lture, stay 
dumb and hokey with its false 
front shops peering into steamy 
streets where Gis and cowboys 
romp in hot-rods. Like Oceanside, 
Colorado Springs is an American 
artifact, the country town as 
mi I itary accessory. 

I always visit Boulder when I'm 
in Colorado . I used to spend a lot 
of time there, growing up, and 
used to have a lot of friends there, 
too, but there's a great deal of 
circulation . Because of the 
University, people don't always 
stick around. So now I just go for 
the nostalgia and changes . 
There've been a lot of changes: 
more high-rise, more plastic, 
more neon, things which seem 
particularly incongruous here. 
Most of the time you hear how 
Boulder is really together. It is, 
given the ordinary problems. It's 
in a covetous location, on a high 
plain at the base of the flatirons, 
great cliffs; comfortably far from 
Denver, c(}nveniently near 
Golden, where Coors is brewed. 
Here, the University of Colorado, 
lug-soled boots, and down-filled 
parkas are all sensibly, if 
somewhat ploddingly , 
fashionable . Boulder is also a 
spiritual center , being 
headquarters for the Divine Light 
Mission, Guru Maharaj Ji 's outfit, 
Ida Rolf's Guild for Structural 
Integration, Arica Institute, and 
Earth Shoe Capital of the Rocky 
Mountain Emprie. It's a big joke 
in Boulder, and indicative of the 
current attitude, that Boulder's 
sister city is Sacramento. Those 
who've seen both don't notice the 
resemblance, and some resent the 
comparison . Sister-city dignitaries 
aren't espeCially encouraged to 
visit, _Sacrament's pol!tical and 

r--------------------------------------

Presen l Ihls coupon Wllh your meal al lhe 
unique Spice Rack Garden ' Reslauranl In PaCIfic 
Beach and you 'lI gel rolled Free Take home hall a 
dozen 01 Ihe lastlest hOme made roll$ or muftlns 
you've ever mel ThiS ofter IS good on Mondays Ihru 
Thursdays unlll fOebruary 27 ~ 
YOU'RE GONNA LIKE THE eJ~ 

A GARDEN RESTAURANT 

Mission Blvd. near Grand in Pacific Beach 
7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm 

---------------------------------------

business stature notwithstal1ding. 
Boulder's standard of livins. 
relates directly to a quality of 
feeling, and residents know that 
as far as habitat goes, they 
couldn't have settled in a- place 
where it feels much better. The 
attitude toward Sacramento is 
that it 'probably couldn't feel 
much worse and still be settled. 
Boulder. along with parts of 
Wyom ing, represents con-
servative Western snobbery at it\ 
most rampant extreme with the 
difference that many Boulder 
residents have adopted the 
posture since they moved in, 
some from Sacramento, within 
the last ten years . They may 
admire Jerry Brown, but they 
wouldn't want him around. They 
don't need him yet. 

But they might. Colorado grows 
more like California every day, 
despite the best intentions of 
en lightened imm igrants and 
natives alike. Colorado's destiny, 
its wilderness, agriculture, and 
urbanity, ha.s followed Califor-
nia's since the boom days. The 
peculiarities and resources of the 
two states are vastly si milar, as 
are their difficulties . The extent to 
which Colorado will be able to 
solve its own problems depends 
in part on whether anyone thinks 
they've been solved here on the 
Coast. 

Go see Colorado, if you 
haven't. Move there, if you like it; 
it can't hurt. But take a good look, 
take your time. listen. It's land 

Study in 
Guadalajara, Mexico 
The GUADALAJARA SUMMER 
SCHOOL. a fully accredited UNI -
VERSITY OF ARIZONA program. 
will offer June 30 to August 9. 
anthropology , art, ed ucatlon . fol k· 
lore. geography. history, govern-
ment, language and literature. 
Tuit ion and fees , $190 . board and 
room Wi th MeX ican family S245. 
Write to GUADALAJARA SUMMER 
SCHOOL. 413 New Psychology. 
UniversIty of Allzona, Tucson . 
Arizona 85721. 

that deserves a lot of respect, and 
it's not too late to show it. I f you 
snoop around, you'll see that 
Colorado's character is still 
largely determined by the funky 
mountain towns and prairie 
crossings, the freight yards and 
feed lots. Old-timers have a 
compelling, if somewhat crusty, 
respect for the elements, in-
cluc;;fl[lg eac~_other. G!t to know~ 
some of them, if you can. They 
might show you some of the real 
depth of the state, instead of the 
surface we're capable of per-
petrat i ng in print. Most 
Coloradans don't want to see 
their state sto len, but they're 
delighted to share. 

Parts of Colorado are so im-
pressive and rich , so much more 
rewarding than the Vails. that you 
wonder how anyone misses them 
But they do ' the beautiful Cache 
La Poudre River, the fertile San 
Louis valley (the barley for 
Coors), the deep, deep d ps 01 
the San Juan Mountain Range, 
home of the Rocky Mountain 
Bighorn Sheep. 

Other places are too delicate to 
describe. And there are some 
you'd never find unless someone 
told you how to get there. I never 
will. But I might show you .... 

KPRI presents 

Tickets: $5.50 AftIICI sua Dar If S". 
Tick,ts "vallNI, it San 0'''0 CIVIC Inutr. tIOa OtUt., lra and " . " 

Sll.ltS, Hllhllnclt, Me n's Slorts.neII , II Metr. AllnellS. 
ror Informatl'" t.n 236·6510, 

Photo Imports 
Comero Exchonge 

"a real 
camera store" 

BuY-'l'rade-Repair 
8199 Clairmont 

Mesa Blvd. 
565-9995 

COMMUNITY 
ILOODIANK 

l'ZJ f. Street 

'AYSDONORS 
Iorsenke 

Mon.-SlI. 
1:4$-5:)0 
OotedSun. 
ZJ3-MI1 

Page 3, Triton Times February 3, 1'175 



Art: Loring Spitler 

W (,men's Art Show 
At the sewnd Women's Art Show, exhibited through January 31 

in the Humanities library Gallery, one of the artists, Virginia 
Maksynowicz, wrote an addendum to her photographic piece 
"Sixteen Faces" which asked the questions which are most prevalent 
when considering the entity of "wo",en's art." She asked herself 
whether "women's art" meant art by anyone about women (i.e. the 
feminine mystique). art by women only (chauvanisticl. or art which 
made political statements about the status of women (didactical 
militancy) . Although these overt questions easi Iy catagorized the 
motivations of most of the contrubuting artists, Virginia's own 
conclusion - that she was simply glad of the opportunity to show her 
v.ork under any pretext - should be the attitude assumed by the 
viewer if he wants to see art while he is there (he? she?) . 

Nancy Rapp's fabric covered monoliths presented subtly tex-
tured, curving surfaces which created dimensions (vectors) that far 
exceeded the small room into which they have been stuffed. They 
v.ould have better demonstrated their fullest potential if they had 
been placed in a walk-through environment, or as delimeters 
between the other displays in the gallery. 

Marge Dean's stochastic watercolor technique and effective 
iteration (via xerography), produced a childli_ke delight in color 
coupled with a maturE; simplification of observations . The essences 
of this simplicity and color were a lso incorporated into Kris Michel 's 
"Energy Paths in Four Dimensions." 

Obviously spawned from deeper abstractions, Mi chel 's sequence 
developed some comfortable te)(tile implications while coming 
skillfully close t6 redundancy prompted by strict adherance to 
standard canons of symmetry, placement, and focus . 

B. Bull (artist) presented" a tight ' political ' photo essay which 
matched fallacious female images with appropriate hand gestures. 
While the essay was obvious in its liberat ionist attitude , Bull's other 
v.ork , " Displacement Box," offered an awareness that the ultimate 
effect she (or anyone) will have on the universe is her bodily 
displacement of the cosm ic ether . 

Perhaps the most familiar feeling for anyone who has made a life 
altering decision , is found inSusie Starcevic's photo series It is the 
standard snapshot autobiography of a child who grew up always 
fulfilling the clearly define ro11s she was meant (soc ietally) to 
assume. The phtographs are clear and precise (as was her life) while 
she c ronologically performed her assigned femi ni ne development. 
Then without precedence orfoundation, the final picture is a blurry 
undefined self-portrait accented by the caption " .... then I began to 
think I would like to be a n artist .... " ; the comfortable def inition of 
her societal niche was lost, and her life' s adventure had begun . 

FREE 
Bu'y the Superscope R-350 

Receiver at the regular 
price of 299.95 and 

receive the matching S26 
speakers absolutel~ FREE. 

THREE YEAR PARTS AND 
' LABOR WARRANTY 

HAMILTON'S 
TV . STEREO . APPLIANCES 

7 65 GIRARD ' LA JOLLA 459-3626 

OFFER GOOD THRU FEB. 8, 1975 
Page 4 Triton Times February 3, 1975 

Cia_Ie In R.vlew: 

Everything Y ou Wanted 

ludwig van Beethoven (177(}' 
1827) is certainly a familiar name 
to most people . His music is 
characterized by emotional 
depth, great power, creativity and 
a style instantaneously and 
Simultaneously subtle and 
a-illiant. He composed during a 
period in music history that was 
ripe for an expansion of 

~evailing musical ideas . From 
Haydn, with whom he studied, 
and Mozart, he inherited forms 
which were well developed but 
could still De expanded to en-
oompass the growing Irhanges 
that shook Europe at everv level. 
Although historically and 
musically Beethoven's Work is 
built upon the achievemt\nts of 
these and others of the classic 
period, by utilizing his ~nius, 
Beethoven was able to capture 
the elements of change and 
tremendous upheavel in his era, 
and consequently proved in-
strumental in establishing what 
we now call the Romantic era of 
music hi story. Yet rarely before or 
since has a composer manifested 
such a personal involvement in 
his works ; his works are 
Beethoven , moulded by hi s 
thoughts, created by his genius 
and all transformed by a society 
and culture undergoing rapid 
transition . 

His works include 9 sym-
phonies, 11 overtures, incidental 
music, a violin concerto,S piano 
concertos, chamber music , 10 
violin sonatas, 30 large piano 
sonatas and many other piano 
pieces, an opera and two masses, 
numerous ot h er songs and 
smaller compositions besides his 
16 string quartets . While this 
seems a large output , it is not 
when compared to the prodigious 
number of works by Haydn and 
Mozart, for which there are 
several reasons . First Beethoven's 
works are in general much longer 
and more complex, in keeping 
with the growing eX[lansions of 
the Classic form dnd idea. 
Second ly , was Beethoven never 

jI., F If "~ oJ I 
ich ktis • se sie 

9= r IF I 

had either the security or op-
portunity for composing smaller 
occasional pieces as did Haydn or 
the other court-composers . And 
thirdly. Beethoven was one of the 
harshest self-critics and per-
fectionests in music . Beethoven 
kept notebooks in which he 
composed and repeatedly 
reworked passage after passage, 
occasionally changing only a 
single note . While these 
notebooks are of great value to 
musicians, they also testify in no 
small way to his !reatness . 

In 1822, five years before the 
death of the unappreciated and 
half-forgotten artist, Beethoven 
said to a 'visitor to Vienna : "You 
will hear nothing of me here. 
What should you hear? Fidelio 
(his opera)? They cannot give it, 
nor do they want to listen to it. 
The symphonies? They hav.e no 
time for them . My concertos? 
Everyone grinds out only the stuff 
he himself has made. The solo 
pieces? They went out of fashion 
long ago, and here fashion is 
everything. At most (my friends) 
occasionally dig up a quarte(" 
Although his pessimism about 
Vienna was somewhat 
e)(aggerated, one may rest 
assured that if only the quartets 
had been heard , his musical life 
in Vienna would have been far 
from vacant. Today the quartets 
remain one of the most out-
standing examples of that fonm, 
constituting some of the greatest 
achievements in musical history . 

Although not so numerous as 
the piano sonatas, the six teen 
stri ng quartets render a perfect 
reflection of Beethoven's musical 
and art istic development. 
Generally speaking, there are 
three main types of expression 
frund in Beethoven's works and 
they typically occur in three 
different media; the monumental 
creation of the symphonic works ; 
the piano solo music, as a means 
of exper!mental improvisation; 
and the c hamber music , 
representing a balance between 

I r C ~ r r Ip; 
Herzl drlicke sie an meln 

J r If J , II 
lch Lr Haupt - maun der HaUJIlmann 

I UC SAN DIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

(PSAGI ........ ds). 

The unoffiCial Fly With us for 
state bird , PSA , has a song to eleven cities . 
'more lI ights connectang Wanttocatcha PSAGnnnlng-
northern and soulhern C311· bird? That's easy Just catch 
lorma than any other airline up with your campus rep. PIA..-,....· ... 

the independence of the 
line and the limitations of 
ensemble. 

The Op. 18 Quartets 
to Prince lubkowitz, 
composed between 1798 
W>1 and published in two 
in 1801 . These quartets show 

From the /ithoRraph hy 
by Joseph Stie/er (1819 

decided advance over 
quartets of Haydn and Mozal 
many respects, especially 
establishing the equality 
independence of all four 
Nevertheless, these works 
~imarily in the classic 

The Op. 59 quartets 
much different concept 
chamber music . They 
composed in 1805 and 
impetus for their rn~nn c.I~1U 

Charle. Hyd. 

About Beethoven ... 

from Count Razumovsky ' 
asked Beethoven to write 

quarters with Russian 
His wishes were obeyed, 

he received the dedication. 
assume some of the 

-h:lI'aclteristiCS of this symphonic 
in Beethoven's life . The 

after the oil portrait 

structure increased to a 
int no longer comprehensible 
Beethoven's contempories. 

Tbe Op. 59 quartets were the 
last to appear as a group, and 
henceforth all quartets possessed 
il, own opus number. The first to 
appear was Op . 74, which is 
usually considered to be 
associated stylistically with the 
Cp. 59 quartets. A year later OP. 

you r pocket! •••• **** ••••• 
while hiking. skiing. fishing, 

BOOKSTORE ........ . 

New in 
Clothing 

81[] ttBmE 

95 was written. This quartet is 
transitional between the "middle 
quartets" and the "late quartets ." 
Although the work may not 
approach the depth of emotion 
and profundity of expression 
frund in the last five quartets, 
there are, nevertheless, certain 
technical aspects which are 
typical of tlie late period: use of 
chromatic harmonies and 
frequent modulations and 
considerab Ie con trapu nta I 
\\fiting . The old quartet form did 
not suffice for the intense per-
sonalism of the music . So 
Beethoven invented new forms . 
In these the tempo changes more 
often and more capriciously than 
ever. For example, the quartets of 
the first two periods usually 
changes tempo about four times, 
reaching si)( times by the sixth 
quartet. The three greatest 
quartets of th.e late period, Op. 
1D, 131 , and 132, however, 
changed tempo twenty-one, 
thirty-one, and twenty times 
respectively . The usual four 
movements grow to five , sill, or 
Se,}len. The strict sonata form is 
slackened. But most significant is 
the shortening of the develop-
ment. As they grew in intensity 
and importance, these quartets 
increaSingly contained no 
" neutral " or pure " bridge" 
passage : every note is important. 

A period of fourteen years 
separates Op. 95 with the last five 
quartets. This was a period of 
weat suffering for Beethoven, 
caused by his nephew, the failure 
to achieve complete public 
recognition , and his growing 
deafness, which by this time was 
nearly complete. Nevertheless, or 
perhaps because of these difficult 
years, the last five quartets are 
recognized by many as the 
epitome of Beethoven's art and of 
the string quartet in general. 
These are recorded as Op. 127, 
130, 131, 132 and 135. 

These sixteen quartets reflect 

JI .. 

an entire lifetime. From the 
classic formal balance of Op . 18 
to the monumental, 

~ilosophical works of the last 
five quartets, there is revealed a 
master's development both 
technically and psychologically. 
Beethoven completely changed 
the string quartet, as he did with 
nearly fNery medium he handled. 

* * 
The Cuarneri String Quartet is 

currently celebrating its tenth 
anniversary, and one wishes them 
ftfty more . Ten years is a 
relatively short period of time for 
string quartets , yet they have 
already established themselves as 
one of the very best. Their reno 
dition of Beethoven's Op. 127; 
Op . 18, No. 1; and Op. 59, No. 3 
was precise and perfectly blended 
with a clear tone and their 
conception of Beethoven is well-
planned anct intelligel.!t. Certainly 
they have made an importdll[ 
contribution to the performance 
of Beethoven quartets, which 
they have recorded. Sponsored by 
the la lolla Chamber Orchestra, 
the Guarneri String Quartet 

~oves the really fine music is to 
be found in San Diego. 

The Feld Quartet is not of the 
Guarneri 's class (very few are), 
but they are a good group, and 
certainly provided an enjoyable 
evening of music at the beautiful 
St. Peter's Episcopal Church in 
Del Mar. Rarely does one get a 
chan ce to hear music performed 
in a true ch-a mber setting; 
somehow a quartet becomes 
much more meaningful (and 
nicer) in a small setting. Besides 
the Beethoven quartet Op. 18 No. 
3, they played the Kodaly Second 

~artet, Op. 10, which was in-
fluenced by folk melodies and the 
beautiful Schubert Quintet in C. 
Their next concert is May 24. 

" 
01 

8: 
-.-..- -Ii' 

malr, 1 aih) d'non 'an I ~ahl ba-mainBiaberl zu Biar, dr'a 

" .. 

01 

4- I_~ .1 •• a I 

.. 
- de 

: 

.. , Kiin l "' " I I U·abtrl 
¥-,.. 

nullmidaa'm lwarn, lISt g 81>.<1151 IJIt! n
l
. I DO "earn " ~inUnd& 

-. .1' • 

" 
.. III 

" 

Speed Reading·? 
Are you int.rested in improving your 

readlng11f so, now I. your chane. to do 
som.thing posltlv. towards that goal. 

Ou. to a large number of lat. 
.nrollments, the start of classes has 
b •• n d.lay.d on. w.ek. Cia.... .tart 
this w •• kl But th.re 18 .tlll time to call 
Bob at 278-1788 (eves) and enroll for the 
follOWing cia.... which will m •• t 
w •• kly for 5 w •• k •. 

Mon, Wed, and Sat classes are 
still open for enrollment 

READS, Inc. 805 Glenway Dr. 
Inglewood, Ca. 90302 

• 

Art : loring Spltl.r 

U ndergrad Pastels 
The new Undergraduate Art Gallery opened last week with a 

showing of a series of pastels by Terry Platt , a senior Visual Arts 
major. The show ran through January 31 in HSS 1145 on the Mu ir 
campus . 

The typical grey concrete cavern, with its wall-hugging water 
pipes and buzzing flourescent lights was given a novel warmth by 
the presence of Terry's "Dolls ." Her rendering of toys, dolls, tod-
.dlers, and oarts thereof. revealed an obvious mastery of the medium 
of pastels; deft shading, blending and highlights combined with 
intense coloring were impressive on the relatively large scale of the 
pieces . An e)(cellent simulation of lighting conditions brought forth 
a sense of depth and volume from each piece. 

These skills effectively portrayed the dolls as the hol low-eyed, 
lifeless molds that the feminists (and Terry) claim society has been 
pouring into its female childrE:n for centuries . 

The most animate piece in the show (an intentional effort on 
Terry's part) was the portra it of an actual toddler. At the opening 
reception, the child happened to attend and gave an equally lively 
and warm performance of his own; a tribute to the fullness of 
humanity, and to Terry Platt's ability to capture it. 

Speaking of Music 
On Wednesday noon, February 5, composer Ros s lee Finney will 
gi~ the first of two lectures during his visit to UCSD . It will be in the 
fvlandev ille Center room B 210 and will be accompanied by a 
performance of some rece nt studies for percussion grrup. Finney, 
formerly 'composer-in-fesidence at the University of Michigan. IS a 
major figure in Amer ican music, both as a Pulitzer Price winning 
composer and teacher of such strong figures in Amencan mus ic as 
George Crumb. 

On Friday evening, Finney's second lecture wll be a discussion of 
the relationship between artistic and scient ific values . Th is talk i 
sponsored by the Center for Music Experiment in Bu ilding 408, 
fvlatthews Campus. Both talks by this d istinguished and lively figur e 
are free and open to the publi c . 

Music of our time , as interpreted by the Contemporary Chamber 
Players from the University of III., will be presented by the UCSD 
MJsic Dept. Thursday, Feb. 6 at 4:00 in Room B210, fvlandev ille 
Center . 

Conducted by Ed london and Paul Zonn, the Ill inois faculty 
ensemble will perform " In and Out" by Herbert Brun, "Faces" by 
MJrgan Powell , Salvatore Martirano's " Quartet ," "The Spelvln 
Association" by Ed london and Paul Zonn 's "The Voyage o f 
Columbus." 

At noon on Thursday, the Center for Music E)(periment w ill 
present the Illinois Ensemble perform ing "Songs of I nnocence and 
Experience," composed by Ben Johnston, now a visiting research 
musician at the CME . lohnston will speak about the structure of the 
piece and in particular the tuning theories that are basic to it Th is 
performance includes not only instruments and voice, but the 
MJtorola Company's "Scalatron," a specially des igned electron IC 
keyboard . stet that allows unfamiliar musical skills to. be 
programmed . 

In this less than 
perfect world, 

there is a less than 
_ perfect magazine-

the 
National Lampoon. 

And you can hove this less than perfec:t magazine simply by 
wondering' around looking over newss.and dISPIOYS, beWilder-
ing yourself with all of the bright colors and sometimes diHiwlt-
to-pronounce .i.les, until you find it or have it thrust upon you 
by some abrupt, criminal-looking dealer. 

Pale S Triton Times February J, 1975 



Benched: or 
Sit it out 

1****************************** 
. t Contribute to the : 
* 1974-75 I 
arCSD Student Dlreetor~ 
* * IDrawings: eODlpete -. I 
Ifor the eover page ., * 
* * * Photos: ~ of your : f favorlte® UCSD i 
I whatever I i ... yersonals to your I 
* J.:.T cutie pie (1.50) : 
* * : Dorlll 'suite listings : 
: (2.50 per llue) : 
! Submit by r;'1!J ! 
I Feb. 14th I 
* * : To the UCSD Student I 
* Info Center * 
,****************************** 

Page (, Triton Times February 3/ 1975 

Fall to Air Force 

Fencers Slip Past .SDS, Arizona 
In a four way meet held here 

last Friday night the UCSO 
Fencing team managed to squeek 
by the University of Arizona and 
San Diego State, but fell to 
national power, the Air Force 
Academy. 

The Tritons came away with a 
15-12 win over Arizona and a 14-
13 victory over SO State. The Air 
Force dropped the Tritons, 19-8. 
The Air Force also obliterated the 
other two squads while Arizona 
knocked off the Aztecs. 

The Tritons best showing 
against the Air Force came in the 
Epee event, where the team lost 
5-4/ but was only one touch away 
from victory. 

Individually, several UCSD 
fencers did quite well . Steve 
Heard in the Sabre event finished 
the evening 7-2. Dave Kahn went 
&-3 in Epee. Mike Arnall finished 
at 5-4 in the Men's Foil while 
Claudette Girdner paced the 

Women , going &-0 in the Foil .-
Coach Jim White felt the team 

"did all right" and that they 
" learned something." In the past, 
noted White, the team had done 

quite well against the Air Force, 
beating the Falcons on oc-
casion / but this year due to the 
Tritons inexperience, UCSD was 
no match for the cadets. 

Tritons Dunk Ambassador, 88-18 
by Bert Lee 

The UCSD Triton Men's Swim 
Team dosed out a brief but 
successful season home schedule 
by thrashing Ambassador College 
88-18 last Tuesday in the UCSD 
natatorium. 

Coach Gary Becker was pleased 
with the overall performance of 
the team as almost every 

·swimmer improved in his 
respective event. The highlight of 
the dual meet was the shattering 
of the school record in the 400 
Meter Medley Relay by almost 
half a second. Members of this 
relay squad were Bob Bradshaw, 
Bob Alei , lac Grobstein and 
Mike Lee. Lee won three events 
while Dave Tamura and Joel. 
Glover each pitched in with two 
firsts . 

The win brought the Triton 's 
record to (2-1), which ties the old 
school record for most dual meet 
wins in a season . In earlier action 
this year, the Tritons lost to a 
powerful Air Force contingent 82-
22, but trounced Chapman 
College 7&-14. With six meets left 

T:le Church of Comervation 
Invites You To Be An 

ORDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR OF NATUREPEDICS 

Our fast growing church i 
~ctively seeking environment 
oncious· new ministers whc 
~lieve what we believe : Man 
hould exist in harmony wit~ 

rature. We are a non-structurec 
aith, undenominational, with no 
raditional doctrine or dogma. 
~efits for ministers are : 

1. Car Emblem and Pocket 1.0. 
2. Reduced rates from many 
~otels, motels, restaurants, car 
ental agencies , etc . OUI 
~irectory lists over 1,000 prestige 
~stablishments extending an 
iautomatic cash discount. 

3. Perform marriages, baptisms, 
funerals and all other ministerial 
unctions. 

4. Start your own church and 
apply for exemption from 
property a"d other taxes. 

Enclose a free-will donation for 
he minister's credentials and 

pocketlicense. Your ordination is 
recognized in all SO states and 
most foreian countries. 

CHURCH OF CONSfRVATION, 
lOX l75, MARY ESTHER, 
FLORIDA l2569. 

in the season, Coach Becker is the 50 Meter Freestyle. She broke 
certain the team will set a new the B standard record in the event 
record for dual meets. (32.3) and is therefore now 

The Tritons will be swimming 
entirely in away meets for the rest 
of the season . The squad travels 
to Occidental this Thursday to 
take on a powerful Tiger squad. 
The meet is tentatively set for 
4:00p.m . 

Women Win 
In women's swim action, Ceci 

Smith continued to swim 
brilliantly. In A division action , 
Smith singlehandedly was 
responsible for the Triton'S 15-5 
victory over Cal State LA, piling 
up all the points by winning the 
100 Meter Butterfly, the 100 
Meter Freestyle and the 50 Meter 
Butterfly. Ceci's time of 59.06 in 
the 100 Meter Freestyle is ex-
ceptional , and she has a good 
chance of making it to the NCAA 
National Championships this 
year. 

considered an A division 
swimmer. 

The Triton's also took the 200 
Meter Medley Relay with a time 
of '2:16. However, the Tritons 
were disqualified because of a 
slight false start. According to 
coach Diana Dann, this may well 
prove to be a blessing in disguise 
as the Triton's are pointing 
towards a victory at the NCAA B 
Division championships this year 
in the event. 

Coach Dann praised the 
performance of new team 
member Jarvia Shu who has been 
improving immensely. She has 
trimmed nearly 16 seconds of her 
time in the 50 Meter Freestyle in 
the last few days. Also showing 
improvement were Maury 
Bandurraga, Ninon Argoud , 
Sherry Cline and Kim Smith . 

The next meet for the Tritons 
The Triton's B team also won will be against powerful S.D. 

59-36. One highlight of the meet State and Whittier on February 
was Pam Hurley's time of 30.9 In 13. 

UtSDSTu()(NTS A~ ~I ~p GfNER.L 
IN RDVANCE ,,~O ~ • PUBLIC 

SION &&IN6 7 '30 
TICXt1>-uc.sn STUDlNTClNTER ,AlTfl CWTER snsu ,ALL TICKtTC~N OUTLlT~,T\iET~IP 

DO~ .• ISN£~S 1U:COO~.'iO\IHI.IIK.I1W(.lNfTAS. (,(VIC ARMAOI) .Gt1ITONS«l1'\'l."'I~SQl&:I\. 
LA 11E~ ~I( t1M.HIHl, ALL I'IINNlmID~I1UW ~~[\ VINfV~~O fMl i DOCY· [~OODIDO 

• a Ie 
You'll save up to 80% 

on quality LP's and boxed sets! 
LISTEN TO SOME OF THESE TITLES: 

1. The Classical Guitar 
2. Anthology of Folk Music 
3. The Best of the Blues 
4. Beethoven Piano Sonatas 
5. The Classical Ballet 
6. Great Russian Masterpieces 
7. M y Favorite Chopin 
8. Handels Messiah 
9. AND .... 
The Best of 

umVfRSiTY 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS 

BACH ... HA YDN ... MENDEI SSOHN 
TCHAIKOVSKY ... DVORAK ... BRAHMS ... 
AND MANY MORE! 

SCHWANN CATALOG LIST 

SCHOOl 5UPI'lIES • Glrn • GllUTING CARDS. ART SUPl'llES 
VITAMINS. HWTH fOODS • SOFTWARE • SUNDIlIES 

fLOIIAL AND SPKIAl ORDER SERVICES 

2 RECORD SET $11.98 OUR PRICE 54.98 OUR PRICE $8.98 HEED IT FAST? .. . TRY US FIRSTI 

WOUL~ 
c:::::> "Stymie" of 
OUR GANGfam 

c:::> Superman 
C:::>Robin 

uniVfRsiT 

YOU LIKE TO KNOW 
C??') 

~. 
a/ever Became 

0/. .... 
c:::> David Nelson 
c:::::> Jimmy Piersall 
QGale Storm 
c::::> George Foghorn Winslow 
c:::::> Amos "N" Andy 

Come to the UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
·on your lunch hour Tuesday, Feb. 4, and 

meet Richard Lamparski, author of the 
bestselling WHATEVER BECAAfE OF..seriesl/ 

You've seen him on Dick Cavett, 
Merv Griffin, and Johnny Carson 

shows, ... . now you can have your 
own personally autographed copy 

BOOK.STOR( of his latest book. 
MATTHEWS CAMPUS SPECIAL AUTOGRAPHING PARTY: coHee, punch, cookies, Noon-2p.m. 

PaRe 7 Triton Times Februar 1,1975 



.ices 
ltuctem.S: In .......... ce_ 
CIppOftUnidee I the H_1dI field. Mr. 
tterv.¥ on ... jOined the 
Car .. r Pla"nl.. Itiitt II Haahh 
Ie*'- AlhiMr. luIIcI ..... Met· 
tMwa c:.... ... E-v Tu.dey 11·12 
and Thunday 240 12/71 
Women'l TO ... weeIIencI. lat.. 2Ja.1un. 
n ~. R ..... Formal Lou ..... Irt ... 
comforta .... cIoIhaa. awIm auIt. food to 
...,.. mueloal lnetru--. Free. C2I7I 

IF YOU PAID your CALPIRG f ... you 
cen pick up your validated ID eIIrd at 
EDNA. 12131 . 

AIRESEARCH CORP. Intervlewlntl on 
cempua Weel. Feb. I. s..u: EIectrtcIII. 
Mechanical. A_tical. Chamlcel 
E"""",,,ntI .. _ IIA. MSI for 
pOlltlonl In the trlnlPortatlon 
equlpm.nt .nd p_er lyatama fIaIdI. 
Appa.t Ca_ Plannln • • _ MC. 12111 

TRW SYSTEMS GROUP Intervlewln. 
Thuraday· Frlday. F.b. '·7; •• n.ral 
.roup maetI... Wad.. Feb. I. 1:"7. 
Seeklntl IA. MS. PhD In Computer 
Scl.ncal. EI.ctrlo.1 En.ln •• rln •• 
PhyU:I. Work In advanced apec:ec:raft. 
.I.ctronlc IYlt.ml. propuilion 
I.,..ma. atc. Appa .t C._ P ..... 
nI .... _ MC. 12111 

for sale 
SIMMONS EJrtni Lone Twin M.nr..a & 
lox Sprl ....... Andy -...z 12131 

HP .. C.lculator • ..., 715.3101 12/31 

1172 Volvo 1~E IPOrtI coupe. laIt 
ona to be built. Ona _ner. ~. 
G_r •• X3a 12111 

WISH TO TRADE ..., SONY STEREO 
SYSTEM for NIKON CAMERA plul 
LENSE Teel 4112'- 12131 

NORDICA Ski loote. 10M. .xc .... nt 
condhlon. comfortable. .. or beat 
off.r. Rich avenl .... It 4112~1 . 12171 

..... HolI_ W.A.V.E. Good Condition 
4112-8413 12/31 

Fllcher GT flbarg ..... 11. never ulecl. 
_ cm teo. 4112-211' or 4M-7~. 12/31 

Skill Ibrand newl Fllchar G .... Grl. 
1_ cm' .70 or beat off.r. SR·10 T.I. 
caleu .. tor. lIk. new teo. Brad 4113-71i17. 
121101 

Akal 2IiOD. 7" Real to r .. ' deck auto 
rev.ral. lutO ItOp. xIt condo MUlt Mil. 
ch .. p . ...... 12/71 

T.x. In.trum.nta SR·.I' • • WI cln b .. t 
.ny I.td prlc.. QUICK dillvery. 2 yr. 
lIu.rantll. Blrt 4&2."" (3 /14' 
Scuba Gllr - RI.u"tor. Tlnk. lick 
p.ck. 2 pre .. ura lI.u •••. All for .1210. 
Ev.nlnll' 4113-7a (2/3) 
1974 F.nder Stratoc •• ter. Sunburst. 
M.pl. neck. Ex. Condo .225. 481-0411. 
(2/3' 

VAHAMAKI DELUXE 12 st GUITAR. 
Exc.lI.nt Condition & lIood .ctlon .126. 
w / s.ml herd.h.1I c ... 4&2-8163 (2 /31 
'86 TRIUMPH SPITFIRE-SHARP - '87 
solid motor. brand n_ p.'nt. top Ind 
C'rplt. fun to drivi. "" liver. t800 or 
tl'lld • . 481-9663 (2 /6' 
'87 HONDA 360. xlnt condition. rebuilt 
.nllin • . • 360. 481 -9663 12/6' 

Dunlap T.nnis Rqt. 4 6/8 m.d lIut .26; 
Wet Suit flta 6'0 - 180 lb • . • 210; C.m.re 
V •• hlc. R.nll' f inder $46. DOUIl 756-
8911 12/31 

Hum.nlc Ski Boota lIdl .. 6 XClIi.nt 
condo y.llow ski P.rk •• m. D.n. 4&2-
9261 (2 /3' 
SKISI H .. d 380' • • 200 cm. w / m.rker 
rotam.ta. Just fII.d & hot w.x.d. MO. 
Fin. , hlpil 756-3631 Ev.s. 12/61 

SKI's K .. tl. CPM 116', wllook llrend 
prix bindlnll" Scott PoliS .115.00 Boots 
Dol.mid. foem w/ naw bllddlrs .nd 
fo.m kit. "'. No.h 273-9801 (2/3' 
1964 Kerrr l" Ghl. n.wly rebuilt .nllin. 
29 MPG. " .ed. body work .360.00 4158-
'5287 12/3' 

1964 Int' l !icout Four·wheel drlv., m.ny 
off-rold ,~e.!! • .m- St_ .nd m.ny 
Ixtr ... . 1>00. 463·1218 any tim. (2/31 

personals 
To Jeff who wlnt w ith Bill to Dav ·. 
perty In Tlnay. the S.turd.y nlvht 
before e .. _ b ... n . • younv lady .t 
the p.rty w ... mltten with lov. It the 
.,.ht of you .nd would IIkl to lilt 
better Icqu.'nted. The Jlff In qu .. tlon 
hes • c .... In 2122 USB It 2-2:50 on 
TUlld.y • . C.II the younv "dy'. ,".nt. 
Sunny, .t 412-" IV ... for more Info. 
(2/ 3' 

PitRe 8 Triton Times Februitry 3, 1975 

SKI HEAVENLY VALLIY Mer. ~ 
IQuarter brwkl • Itt dIIk .... 1 nIteI 
1ocIeI ... . ..... On .Ia It Student 
Center M·F ... ". 12·1 or ell" __ 1117. 
12/71 
POetry ,....... Wad. Feb. .. ~ 
MIchaela. latudent Canter Lou..... 4 
pm. 12111 

VOCAnONAL INTEREST SURVEYS: 
Cou ....... for melOn end ~ 
Mon .... T_ 240 2aO H. L Jenni 
Munay. Actintl C..... D.n. Hu.h 
Pe .... Ph.·D. 131141 

lEX CUNIC: Cou ....... on ....... 
Probl.ml. W.d. 3-1 pm; R.v.lI. 
Counaalora OffIce lnut to the Rev. 
Provoet OffIc.l. Judith J~. 
M.D.·Hu.h P ..... Ph.D. 131141 

ALUMNI & FRIENDS OFFICE hae • 
.tudent Intem .vallabla to enewer 
qu .... ona · .nd rec:aIva au.vaetlona 
.bout the Alumni organization. Call 
Ron Roberti et 4112 ..... or ItOp by 212 
MC. Tu_. Weel .• Frt .. 1-4 pm. 12/11 

1/2 Dey CAREER PLANNING 
WORKSHOP SPONSORED IY C._ 
P"nnln •. Monday. Feb. 3. R .. lltrlltlon 
and further Information et _ MC. 12131 

HUGHES AIRCRA" COMPANY 
ELECTRON DYNAMICS DIVISION on 
eIImpUI Monday. Feb. 3. 1Mk1: IA. 
MS. PhD In PhyM:a end E .... ~ntI 
(alec:trlcell. Mak. .ppolntmente .t 
c.... P"nnlntl. _ MC. 12131 

LS • If the bI. pillow dlweppeara. you 
k_ whare to look. JM 12131 

GLEE THREE: The HNrt of III .. v- to 
th_ of Grlllnic variety tuned to the 
• ubtla vlbratlona of the N.tural fl_ of 
lit .. (2/31 

I2Ii REWARD for Information leadln. to 
the cetum of my .tolen .uto "tl'llck eIIr 
.tarao-nam. brand-Automatic R.dlo. 
Stolen 1-311 from II Jol .. VII .... epta. 
Giver of Inform.tlon will r.m.'n 
InonymOUl. 412·1341 1215' 

N_ .ccaptln. appllcanta for ma .. lv. 
o"Y. Mult be over I ' .oder 3110 pounda. 
No puppy does P ...... (2/3' 

To .11 mUllc 'ov.ra: G ... thaI H.II •• uhl 
350. Invlta you Ind your friends over to 
lilten to .ny mUllc .ny hour .ny 
volum • . (2/31 

AIt.f • • Old you ... v. YOUr und.rwllr 
on. now that you' re 211 01'" (2/31 
Alta · A p'ty of hllrt. Lov • . (1 311 

O .. r H.I " ' .H.T.I .C. or ' .C.T.B.H. love 
AlwllY. R.S. (1 311 

A.d.; " A pity b.yond.1I tllllnlllls hid In 
the h .. rt of 10v . ... K. (1 31' 

'nterllt.d In the Book of Mormon. IIkl 
a copy of It. w.nt to dlscu .. It? Com. to 
the whit. hou •• oppOiltl Muir Dorms. 
462-0281 . (1 31, 

R.v.II. Wes.on P.rty Frld.y 1/31 Arllo 
630 Contect V.D. 4&2-8461- (1 31' 

To my best fri.nd: I hop. vou hay. the 
h.pplest 18th birthd.y. W.tch out for 
the founteln throwers I Vour bllt frl.nd . 
(1 311 

Dan: Happy Birthd.y to the on.v J.zzi. 
I .ver IIk.d. (Don't g.t anv strenll' 
id .... ' Lon (1 31' 

D.ar Barb· As w. m.k. up for I •• t 
qu.rter. I .m sure you will c.tch up 
with m. alliin blc.u .. I .m dlflnlt.,y 
lIolnll to .Iow down. I c.n·t t.k. It 
anymore. love vou .'w.y • . TI ... (1 311 

Klluo. Kloon. Nerdo. Fro, Scllly. a.lI.y. 
M.rty & SUlln: THANK YOU THANK 
YOU THANK YOU III M.ynard thank. 
you tool Lov. Carol (1 31) 

To the IIUV in the h.t: lucky for m. th.t 
you sew a IIlrl In the book.tore and 
later in the w Indow of her room. Vou' re 
a jOy to know. From the II lrl who 
stopp.d half W'Y. (1 31' 

Blff · I w. nt your mllter. Evil Kn.vll. (1 
:m 

Michlll - H.ppy 1 yr Annlv'rllry l 
R. m.mber P = P .• -Mllh/ RT - It' s your 
turn this Vllrl I lov. you .. Sylvll'. rivil 
(1 311 

P - P .• · Mllh Mvh I RT RT 

D.bbll. I'm In lov. with your rlvht 
h.nd. n .OOtJ .mllll. (1 31' 

B.rb. l.t'. bump more ott.nl I for.'v • . 
Do vou? Dln·Prlm. (1 311 

ATT REVEW WINTER GRADUATES: 
A lilt of Winter 1m R ..... C ..... 
........ II pOatM on the boerd 
..... the RevaIIa Provoat'l 0ttI0a. 
Check to make aura your nam. II on It. 
C2I7I 

The Gracluete Student Council II 
cu".mly oonlldarh .. fundi ... ,.......' 
for p,..... or program. which benefit 
or Involve grad ItUdanta. Send ..., 
fundlne ........ to the Graci ltudent 
Councl C 0 Student Center by Wad. 
Feb. 8th. 12131 

ATTENTION THIRD Winter & Iprtne 
Grecluetlon Cendldetee: Contect M .... 
Joyce Fletcher In the Acedemle A6-
vIIIn. OffIce Ilde. 412 Rm 11 MC for 
final .. rea check. Ily Apptl 121101 

IloIogy/Chemiltry Clinic • Open 12-1 
and 7·10 Mon throu.h Thura from 12-3 
on Frt end from 7-10 Sun nl.hU for your 
conv.nlenc.. Muir 21 ·231. 12/31 

meetings 
S.A.T.C.H. will b. ma.tlnv everv 
THURSDAY .t 1:30 pm In the .. ,.. 
Contll1lnca Rm. 12151 

CO·OP MEmNG .:30 TONIGHT AT 
THE STUDENT CENTER. Election of 
Ch.'rp.,.on Ind Public R.letlonl 
Coordinator •• nd Comm 1000rd fundlne 
'Ira Included on the .eancIa. 12131 

M.O.L. N.v.r for,.ttln. Ilw.y. 
rem.mberln. th_ happy momenta 
with you. Lov •• T.O. KID 11 311 

Mert • . Wllcoml to UCSD. I lov. you, 
Bob ( 1 311 

Rob . H.ppy 31 I lov. you bebeel (1 311 

To the paraon who folded my c.ot ... In 
the Muir Apta. "undry Frtday 1/24. It 
mad. my day. Thlnx Knlb (1 31) 

The Co-op II p_.r. (1 311 

Michalll: Att.ntlon. II vlclaux v'.na 
qu.nd .. luna lit plein. SllIned. The 
Plrvlrtl (1 31' 

'" B.rt & Oscar • W. ball.y. In you 
up.talrs. (1 31 I 

Su.t. 360 Chall.n •• r: What did you 
think of the mldnlvht call? Vou 
know who. AKA. The arlit 1 ... 1 (1 31' 

To the N.V. Fox - HIPPY nlnet .. nth 
tomorrow. You .Iw.y. hav •• 11 my lovi. 
The K.llf. Ko.' • . (1 31, 

Dearllt C & P - Confuelu. IIY. " H. who 
... k. r.Vlnll' for Wlkay·W.klY • • hall 
exp.rI.ncl m.ny ... I .. p .... nl.ht." 
And ".0 bear In mind thet. "HI who 
WllklY ·W.k.y·s ... t . W.key-W.key·. 
b .. t ." And w. all know who I. bIIt. J & 
S (1 31) 

Th. T.n.y. IIroundholl himself will 
com. out of hi. burrow to Illd • 
IIroundho, s .. rch startlnv .t 1 1m 
Groundhov D.y (Fib. 2) Meet In front of 
T.n.y. H.II. (1 311 

SANTA CLAUS : You. your .Inl.ter 
IIUllh • • nd .. vi •• v .. create ecstecvl 
Vour f.lthful horn-honklnll nlvhtlnllil. 
(SS). 11 31) 

Will you " NURDS" pi .... ICC.pt our 
.polovv. It's no fun. .nuvvllnv with 
.h.vlnll cr •• m .t nlvht. lov.. the 
anll'" n.lIt door. (1 31, 

To thOi. on Arllo 2 who h.lp.d m. 
switch room. on S.t. Thank Youl sa (1 
311 

wanted 
NEED EXTRA CASH? P.ylnv Top Doll., 
for your U.S. Silver Colnl minted beforl 
1964. K.n 4&2-13211 (3/24' 
If you hay •• ny IIrIy J.zz •• bum. (I •• • 
Duk. Ellln.ton. J .. ,y Roll Morton. Art 
T.tum' Ind would .. t ml borr_ them 
to IIlt.n to for. project.' c.1I Duff .t 412· 
_ .fter 7. (2/31 

TF'I ORADS PROF'. EARN t2000 or 
mora & FREE ... WEEKS IN EUROPE· 
AFRICA-ASIA. N.tlonwld. educational 
or •• nlatlon needs qu.HfIacl lead.,. for 
H.B. .nd Coil .... roupe. Sand name. 
.dd,.... phon.. .chool. "Ium • • 
... d.rshlp .xperlencl to: Clnter for 
Forelvn Study. P.O. lOll". Ann Arbor. 
MI. 41107 (P 2/31 

liKE CLUI MEmNG Feb. '. Thu .... l-lO 
pm. H~ MovIeI wll be Ihown. 
12111 

FOURTH COLUGE STUDENTI· c-
PIannI ... wit hive en open IMIIdne on 
T-. et 3:GD In the PJovoat'I OffIce l21li 

ATTENTION FOURTH COLLEGE 
STUDENTI· The ~mlttee on Collage 
Atfelra and the Government T_ 
Comm. wi! hive en open ",.... ... on 
Moncley. ..... J at 4. at Provoat'. 
0tft0II I2JJ) 

Attlntlon all Trenlc.ndlnt.1 
Medltetora: Thera will be en e .. need 
meeting end eroup meditation Moo. 
Feb. 3 .t 7 pm In Revelle Formal Lou ..... 
Jo. RI.ker. 210·1140 or 211· .... 
(S.I.M.I.I 12/31 

UCSD SOARING CLUI 1000rd M .... ng 
.nd Ground School. ':11 .nd 7:011 
Monday. Feb. 3 It the SOlirIng Club 
offIc. (n.xt to Book Co-op It Revallal. 
Everybody Invltedl 12/31 

Phl-Omep-Alpha Delta . A newly 
or.enlz.d lororlty on cempu. I. 
hoIdl ... "pueh ,qhtU on Mon. Feb. 3 .t 
7:30 In U ....... I .. kl Lou ..... 14th floorl. 
All f.maIa ItUdenti welcom. 12131 

1 T1ckat for "The Ilrthday P.rty" on 
Sat. Feb . • Larry ...,21 12131 

housing 
Shal'll 3 belrm houM Clairmont. F.nced 
Ylrd.4.7 ml'" to UCSD. Own room ". 
:DO-4112 or D.ve Col. x:IIIT7. 12131 

Housem." w.nted. non-Imoker. Own 
room. In So"na Beech. m. month Ind 
utilltiae. Carl. ~ .• fter 1 pm. 

Need F rmt.. Immed. to lhare rm. In 
furn. 2 belr. La Jolla VII ..... pt. "/mo 

~ utll. N.n 4113-.. 12/51 
ROOMMATE WANTED to shara two 
bedrm. furn. ept on Million I.y. Share 
room .70 ..... 1131 ettar 5. (2/31 

Own room In hou... Solana I .. ch. 1 
Ilock from bNCh 71.00. mov.ln 2/3; 1.t 
rent due 2/10 ...... (2/31 
Two flm.l. roomm.tll naad.d to 
shal'll beautlful3-bedroom house In Oil 
Mer for sprlnv qu.rter. 715-8541. (2n, 
HouI.m.t. w.nted • own room In two 
.tory. four bedroom 0., Mer hom • . 
.100 month 7!tI-2I41 (2/31 
N.M.B. OCHn Front Condo own room 
.133.00 "un. fee ... sy.oInv p.rty type 
peopl •• ftar 8:00 27S-8338 12151 

Fem." w.nted to .here room In dup"l1 
In 0., Mar. 1/2 block from bllch. 
".OO/mo. 411-1231) 1213' 
Own room In 3-bedroom house In 
Enclnltel. 1· 1/2 block. to beach. OIIr 
Crull.,. G.ry G-47II .ftar Ii pm. (2/31 
Roomm.t. W.nted to .har. 3 bedroom 
.pertmlnt with 2 other .tud.nta In 
P.cltlc I .. ch. Own room • . 00 per 
month. 270-31111 (2/31 

Roomm.t. N .. dedl Own Room In 
Pllymour Condo. 10 min. blkln, 
dl.tenc • . free bus · .71 p/m P.t 412-
cae (2/31 

services 
Glt lIood vre.1 Su,.flre tip. by 
UCSD Gred Stud.nta. S.nd ., to: P.H.-
D.-K. Box 72. Rt. 1. D.I Mar 121014 (2/3) 
Tuna ups. brek... minor rapelr. vood 
work. 1_ prle ... Mlk • . 412-1112 or 
llIve m_v • . (2/51 
RESEARCH AIDS . C.nad.·1 .. r ... t 
.. rvlc • . For c.talovu ••• nd t2 to: E ... y 
S.rvlell. 57 Spedl", Av... No. •. 
Toronto. Ontario. C.nada. C.mpul 
rlpr_ntatlv .. requIred. P ..... wrltl. 
(P 8/11 

lectures 
P.......... Alan Mltehell. Dept. of 
Hlatory. On Weel .• Feb. Ith. It 3.110 pm. 
"10 P&L Prot.aor Mitchell will .,... 
on "The p.,. Moreua •• SooIIl 
InIthutIon In the NlnatHnth Century." 
12111 

The Polltlcel Iclano. D.penm.n! 
ennou_ LECTURE. FonneI LOU ..... 
R..,.. Commone. 3:GD pm. Dr. 0-.. 
H. Q __ • CcImaII UnIvenIty, "The M........ of the yladtvoetok Arme 
Control A..-nem." 12131 

UCSD Eplacopal C ....... n Joe YOUng 
will modal'll. e penal of Locel cIarvY 
,...,..ntI ... IeptIat, A .......... of God. 
M.thodl" end Afrioan Methodllt 
Ep'.copel church... tomorrow 
ITu •• d.yl. 7:30 pm. et Unl"aralty 
Lutheran Church. ()pan to the public 
12 31 

A PORTUGUEIE FEMINIST IPEAKS: 
Marl. II.b.1 le"ano will IP •• k 
Tulldey Feb. 4th et 3 pm. ,. HL Bid • . 
12 31 

films 
Wed. Fab 5: "Whlt'l FUP1 • FlOIItintI 
lnatrumam P .. tform" 12 pm 71CM Uray 
H.". 12/51 

Incom. To . Dllcount ItUdenti. Iteff. 
facuhy. 7II-G2I after 4 pm IP 4/141 

FRENCH CONVERSAnON by native 
epaeker. low ra... EUSAIETH. ., • 
.." 12111 

CHILD CARE (1 todd,." AND LIGHT 
HOUSEKEEPING IN EXCHANGE FOR 
ROOM AND 10AltD IN FACULTY 
HOME ACROIS STREET FROM 
UNIVERSITY. PRIVATE ROOM lATH 
SEPARATE ENTRANCE. MUST HAVE 
ILOCKS OF TIME PREFERAILE 
MORNINGS. 4112-3417. (P 2111 

MENI · WOMENI 
JDIS ON SHIPS I No .xperl.nc. 
required. Excallent Ply. Worldwide 
trav.l Perfect aummer Job or c.,...,. 
Sand ".00 for Information. SEAFAX. 
Dept. 1·17 P.O. lox 2ID4I. Port A ........ 
W .. hlngton IIJI2IP 2/101 

travel 
CHARTERS TO EUROPE 1m I_lit elr 
f.,.. from " . Round trip to LON· 
DON. Allo • bh mol'll. fll.btI to: AM-
STERDAM. IRUSSELS. IRELAND. 
FRANKFURT Ind .om. comblnatl_ 
Into ona chy out .nother. In San D",o 
.Inc. 1m. Call DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEL 211-8141 . Allo studant rail 
pe_. eIIr rente ... purcheln. etc. on 
III trevil call 211-8141. IPllncl 

EUROPE· ISRAEL-AFRICA·ORIENT. 
Stud.nt fllvhta y .. r round. Contact: 
ISCA. 11117 Sin Vlnc.nt. Blvd. No. 4 • 
LA. C.llf. I004I. T .. : (2131 ....... 821-
0186. (P 3/141 

SSW Trav.' Offlca . ON CAMPUS-
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'l Stud.nt 10, Eurell. Hoatll Carda. 
Trlpplnv M •• uln.. Itc .. UCSD In· 
tlmatlonal C.nter 4&2-0130 " .m-4 pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Closed Tu.Thura. (P 
3/141 

lost and found 
LOST: M.n·. C.rly.... Witch with 
brok.n bend on vym fl.ld 1·24(11 1111 
___ 1. (2/3) 

LOST: dark pleatlc rimmed 1l1e, ... 
lround USI. 412-1011. Stave (2/31 

LOST: SIIYar wlra rimmed ""_ In 
bleck c ......... or "'VI In Triton 
T1m .. offIc •. R_rd (2/31 
Whoevartook my Chem 2DL M.nu.' & 
book from lib 18 P ..... ell" m •. 274-
.... 12/31 

.10 REWARD for Wilson T-2lIOO tannll 
racquet whh tin 5 815" Vrlp 100t In 21 
2115. Barb" ph. 4I4-GJ7. No qu .. tI_. 
(2151 

- -I •• BDI& TI1 OA8. 
o 

GuLD AND SILVER COINS BOUGHT AND SOLD 
INVESTMENT PORTFOLIOS ESTABLISHED 

CALL RICH AT NOBEl. (ORP. 
454-9156 DAY 
454-8939 EVE 


