
Vol • ., U. Ii...., I. 

...• nd C~1. CCNMIOft 
C.u. ch ..... n Mill. 
W.I.h will Ip •• k 
tomorrow .t 9 pm in s .... ,ift& Di .... 

Wed"esday. Febnary 19, 197J 

Chicanos Demonstrate at 
Regents Meeting Friday 

R egents OK Student Regent, 
2-Group Selection Process 

UC San Diego MECHA co-chairperson Irma Munoz at the 
Regents meeting Fn·Jay . 

In an attempt to voice their views on the plight of the Chicano in 
the UC sy tem, the University of California Chicano Student 
Committee (UCCSC) staged a picket line demonstration outside the 
Regents meeting last Friday. 

"Our purpose is to act as a vehicle wherein the Chicano can have 
a meaningful purpose in the UC system," explained spokesman 
Amundo Anchondo of UC Berkel y . 

Hearing Tomorrow 

by Rich Yep 
Highlighting last week's UC 

Regents meeting was the ap-
proval of the student Regent, who 
will sit on the board with full 
voting privileges, along with the 
approval of UC San Diego's plans 
for a Medical Teaching Facility, 
which would be built next to the 
Basic Science Building. 

After a' discussion of the 
student Regent , which included 
statements by two members of 
the Student Body Presidents 
Council (SBPC) and differing 
views from the Regents, the 
Board voted 15-5 to establish the 
new member. 

Regent Dean Watkins voted 
aga i n st the student Regent 
sa ying , "The Students are 
beneficiaries of the Board, and in 
no way should the beneficiary sit 
on the Board . It's bad politics." 

UC Victory 
Kathy Tuttle of the SBPC 

delivered a speech in which she 
ci ted the need for a student 
Regent, and concluded "This vote 

CPO Studies SD Transportation Plan 
by Milrk Woelber 

UC San Diego' population 
often feels as though it doesn't 
belong with the rest of the world . 
Common complaints are that the 
University fail to realistically 

COMMENTARY 
Involve it elf in the affairs of the 
larg r community, that it i too 
Intro pectively involved with its 
research , that it is a privileged 
training system for irrelevant 
kills 

In any ca e: le st these 
critiCisms go too far, it i 
necessary to point out that th 
university, by virtu of its many 
Interpersonal relation hips , 
cannot fail to take ome sort of 
place, whether relevant or not , in 
the larger n twork of society, and 
that the "real world" can easily 
Impose itself, in its own fashion , 
on the academic community . 
Aircraft noi e, for instance, takes 
no a count of academic 
prlvil ge . This sort of timulus 
Involves us in the larger 
mechanical implications of our 
dE'veloping society. Therefore. it 
i of consequence to us whether 
the new airport facility to serve 
the an Diego region is developed 
on top of Del Mar Mesa. 

20-Yeilr Needs 
This is one of the issues under 

consi deration by the Com-
pre hensive Planning 
Organization (CPO) of the San 
Oi go r gion . The CPO, made up 
local administrators, planners and 
citizen , recently released its 
proposed Regional Tran-
portation Plan (RTP), citing the 

pxpanding transportation needs 
of the San DiellO reaion as well as 
alt rnatlve and resources 
n essary for the devf>lopment of 
a transportation ystem capable 
of m(' ting th(' n('eds of the 
<"ounty for the next 20 or more 
Yl'3rs . 

Many of the proposl'd 

developments are of obvious 
benefit A n twork of bikeways, 
riding and hiking trails will cover 
the county. Busing servic will be 
nearly doubled, with the addition 
of new routes and express service, 
and travel time is expected to be 
reduced as a result of preferential 
treatment for buses. This would 
involve special fr eway express 
lane for buses, as well as ramp 
met ring which would limit 
freeway access under rowded 
conditions, for all vehicles ex-
cepting bu es . Thi sam 
preferential treatment would be 
given to carpool . Ev n the fixed 
gu id way system, which has 
proved itself in other com-
munities, is causing little on-
trover y . 

The 10 ation of n w airport 
facilities is a more volatile 
oncern . There will clearly have 

to b a new facility; presently 
more than 100,000 people are 
exposed to aircraft noise levels 
exceeding the California State 
Noise Standards. I n addition, air 
travel demands will exceed 
Lindbergh Field's present 
capacity by the mid:1980s. 

testimony of hundreds of 
itizens, were the adverse effects 

of aircraft noise and the growth-
inducing effects on the region . 
The argument against growth 
inducement was effectively 
quelched by the fact that payroll 

losses through 1995 would 
amount to nearly $1 .5 billion , in 
addition to loss of tourism and 
tourist-oriented on truction , not 
to mention the near-impossibility 
of defending a no-growth policy 
in court . 

A for the noise problem, 
anyone who has been around 
UCSD or Del Mar in the last two 
years is probably familiar with the 
outcry that resulted when a ~ite 
outh of Carmel Valley was 

proposed for th new airport. The 
Carmel Valley si te is nearly 
equidistant from 0 I Mar and 
UC 0 , although, as might be 
exp cted, the more vociferous 
opposition was raised in Del Mar. 
Satisfactorily for North County 
residents, the CPO's final site 
recommendation turns out to be 
on Otay Mesa, just north of the 
Mexican border. Not only would 
this be the least expen ive site to 

Last year, the PO conducted develop, requiring a minimum 
public hearings on the airport compensation .for land-use 
alternatives . The major areas of conversion, but it would open the 
concern, judging from the Continued on PilRe6 

The pia" doe 1101 hop~ 10 eli",;UI~ Ihl allto as the most co,,-
ve"i",t 1IUII"S 0/ i1Ul,.,iJllai Irtl1lsportatio". A"yway, ga oli"e. 
taxe will help /lI1Id the pia". 

in favor of the student Regent is 
not just a victory for UC students, 
but for all of the University of 
Californ ia." 

Regents Wilson and Carter both 
felt the need to move the 
discussion to a executive session 
but the Board did not favor the 
idea. 

The student Regent ap-
pointment of a one year term will 
be on an experimental basis for 
two years . The student must be a 
member of a UC campus. 

Selection Process 
Each UC campus will appoint 

two students, one graduate and 
one undergraduate--to the 
student Regent nominating 
commissions. There will be two 
commissions one in the north 
(Davis, Berkeley, San Francisco 
and Santa Cruz) and the other of 
the south (Los Angeles, San 
Diego, Riverside, Irvine, and 
Santa Barbara) . In addition, two 
SBPC members will sit as ex-
officio members at the selection 
panels. After the commissions 
screen all applicants, the north 
group will nominate four, the 

south five After bein g In -
terviewed by the SBP , three 
names will be ent to thp Regpnts 

R gent chairman , Will iam 
French Smith was in favor of th 
student Regent concept, but said 
he would vote against it becausp 
of " the manner of selection " 

Originally, the SBPC wanted to 
submit only one name at a time 
to the Regents . 

After the 15-5 approval , Tutti 
commented, " I'm pleased that 
the Regents vote In favor It 
should have been the SBPC 
perogative (to submit only one 
name at a time to the Reg nts) 
but they are a bunch of hard 
heads and It was best to accept 
this compromise position-it's one 
we can live with ." 

"We didn't get everything we 
wanted but most students are 
happy," said SBPC preSident 
Miles. 

UCSD student cooperative 
external coordinator Karen 
Steen tofte, who is UCSD's 
member on the SBPC, said she 
expects the student nominees' 
names will be presented to the 
Regents by May 1. 

Ervin Speaks Thursday 
on Constitutional Law 
Answers Questions on Nixon P ardon 

by Charles Heimler 
" The President of the United 

States must be greater than the 
Almighty. A I understand the 
workings of religion the 
Almighty can't pardon a man 
unl ss he repents of his sins, and 
yet the President can pardon a 
man who says he has no sins." 

Such were Sen . San Ervin 's 
comments on the Nixon pardon 
made during an appearance 
Thursday at the University of 
San Diego Ervin delivered a 
p ech on constitutional law 

and then agreed to a lenghty 
que tion and answer period 
before an overflow rowd in the 
Cam ion Theater. 

Equal Enforcement 
The former North Carolina 

Senator's remarks on law and its 
equal enforcement as the 
guarantor of freedom, con-
tained subtle references to the 
abuses on the political process 
by the Nixon Administration 
during the Watergate era. 

"Our founding father knew 
that constant law rath r than 
the whims of those in office 
combined with power diffu d 
into multiple dgencies were 
necessary to pre erve fre dom:' 

rvin said . 
In conclu lon, Ervin said four 

thing w re nece ary to 
preserv freedom -- Ioving it , 
maintaming an eternal vlgilan e 
again t tho e who threaten It, a 
belief In fundamental prin-
ciples . and the manit 
determml m to de end it 

Nhon to Chinil' 
en Barry Coldwat r' r cent 

(ommt'nt on the po Ibllit of 
RIchard Nixon beln~ appoint d 

a~ an amba actOr to hlna, 
Ervin re pond d, " I don't know 
If Coldwatpr would be ('I t d 
and' know of no oth r Pr Idt'nt 

Sen . Sam Ervin 

who would do such a thing ,. 
Ervin declined to d ny or 

onfirm whether he will be a 
1976 Presidential candidate 
"You can't answer yes or no " 
It ' like the jok of asking a man 
If he's st ill beating hi wife, he 
aid If the man an wers yes, he 

admit to beating her and if he 
an wers no, he admits to once 
having b at h r 

But, he add d, he wa picked 
to head of th enat Wat rgate 
Commltt e partly b cau e he 
wa con id red to harbor no 
preSidential or VI e-pre Identlal 
a plratlon 

ontl nuln ,: on WatNgatp , 
Ervm aid h thought th affair 
would not have b en posPd 
without ' the a "res IVp work of 
the pre , f'SpE' lall 
W hmgton Pn t rpfV\rt"I~ Hl'lh 
Woodward and Carl HermtE'In " I 

hVIn ~ald Pre IdE'nt lord lo\t 
(,,'dlbillt on hi, r>ardon of I 

I on aftE'r ~tatln~ three tlmf" 
h "ould not take any action 
until th(> legal prOff'SSt'S had 
b(>en (on< luded H{' tf'rm('(1 th(· 
pardon " pi' mature " 



/ 1 
Disturbing Sweet Totalitarian Education 

by RidYni Nildeilu 

Kierkegaad'~ brief anecdote about the clown 
and the fire is somewhat alarming because it is 
uncomfortabiy indicative of present day reality . It 
is representativ,of an attitude which is faced by 
almost all indivldual members on the left who 
believe that the present social order can and must 
be overcome - their cry of protest is taken as a jest, 
and he or she is relegated to the status of an in-
fantile who is trying to regain the comfort of the 
wOmb. In additiQn, their protests, no matter how 
legitimate, usually become lost in a semantic fog 
that labels them "communists", " idealists", or 
"alarmists" . 

Another great source of frustration facing those 
who wish to bring about radical change is the 
well-informed cynicism of resentful conform ists -
men and women who shrug off unnecessary 
human suffering and injustice with hollow phrases 
of fatalistic indifference and, in the long run, 
succumb to the overpowering reality of the status-
quo through their inaction , silence, and apat~y . 
This cynicism is usually supported by the notion 
that injustices are the result of an "immutable 
human nature" and are not the product of any 
particular society. If this doesn't work, then we are 
told that all societies are relative and that there 
arp not any ag!eed-upon standards by which we 

What does all of this have to do with a socialist 
forum at UCSD? Why, the reader may ask, would 
anyone want to disturb the sweet totalitarian 
harmony of the traditional education process? 
What could be the meaning of such a forum? First, 
it means that for a significant number of students 
and faculty that capitalism is real , that it does 
have an effect on the quality of people's everyday 
lives, IUld that it can be replaced by a society 

which is more rational in its use of natural and 
human resources. Secondly, it means that there 
are a m.mber of people at UCSD who have not yet 
"given up" and believe that a forum on the 
question raised by the possibilities of a socialist 
alternative is rei event and needed at UCSD. 
Finally, it is hoped that a Soc ialist Foru~ will rai~e 
issues and deal with problems that are Ignored 10 
the traditional (:Iassroom setting. 

The Socialist Forum is the offspring of the 
November teach-in where Marcuse and Schiller 
speculated on " where we are going" . The 
organizers of the teach-in (as well as the speakers) 
were taken by surprise by the large turnout and 
the interest the teach-in seemed to generate. It 
was felt the economic and polit ical crisis was-

" It happened Ihai a fire brou oul backstage in a Ihealer. The .clown ~ame oullo inform the 
public. They thought il was a jest and app"'uiJed. He repeated h,s warmng, they shoullehd eve: 
louder. So Ilhinil the world w,U come to an end amId the general applause fro m at. I e W II S 
who believe that it is a joke. .. . 

Soren Kierkegaard 

can evaluate a society as being good or bad. This 
latter notion assumes that human beings are 
malleable puttv without needs. For such People, a 
society that burns 6 million Jews in its ovens is to 
be evaluated as neither good nor bad since "a ll 
societies must be looked at with a valually neutral 
eyes of the scientist. " 

1 hese arguments and many others like them are 
not the imaginary creations of an idle scribbler 
searching for cheap effects : they are attitudes and 
arguments that I have heard almost everyday at 
U.C.S.D. All of them might be subsumed under a 
categorization which C.W. Mills designated as 
"crackpot realism" : a frame of mind that presents 
the existing social reality as immutable and 
necessary, as something which must be adjusted 
to at all cost . I have even been told by a few 
students that capitalism doesn't exist, th,at it is just 
an abstract category which has no relationship to 
reality . Such a person would be hard put to argue 
this to the manager who loses his job because he 
failed to increase his firm's profits . He would also 
have a di Hicult time explai ning the destruction 
and pollution of the envi ronment by real estate 
agents and land developers, the ever increasing 
gap between aff luent mega-profits and 
widespread hunger, the insane and insatiable lust 
of the Pentagonians for new wars, and the overalJ 
callousness of a "bought and paid for" federal 
adm inistration. 

creating a new concern with the nature of 
capitalism and the possibi l ity of a socialist 
alternative in advanced industrial Ameri ca. 

The forum has now been in existence since the 
beginning of January. General open meetings 
normally take place, on alternate W~dnesday 
evenings at 7:30. A number of steering com-
mittees have been formed to organize and co-
ordinate the various programs that will be 
sponsored by the forum , which will consist of 
monthly meetings with guest speakers, lecture 
series and teach-ins on contemporary issues. The 
first e~ent was a talk by Herbert Schiller. This talk 
was presented at the open meeting on February 
12. The next event will be a lecture series by 
Herbert Marcuse on the general nature of 
socialism and the relationship between the 
socialist alternative and present day America. The 
first two lectures have been tentatively scheduled 
for February 24th and March 3rd. The forum also 
intends to present a number of other programs to 
be announced in the future . 

In conclusion, it might be argued that the 
Socialist Forum sees itself as a self-conscious 
attempt to dispel the fog of apolitical tranquility 
that seems to have sett led over the UCSD campus. 
If anything, we can be ure that it will give [he 
academic Archie Bunkers something. to ta lk 
about. 

''---Letters------------------
ultimate threat it presents to our abilities to 
bring about other needed reforms . For example, Com ml"ssl"on Capers a group intendIng to stop po llut ion one day 
finds that it is without funds and a vital 
program grinds to a halt. Inspection may find Do the police have a file on you? If you think 

not because you have never been arrested, 
think again . The chances are you are not only in 
thei r files, but in the FI B's massive com-
puterized data banks as well. All it takes is : a 
driver's license, experience in the military, 
political activity or even having a social 
security n umber. All these increase your 
chances. To be on the IRS enemy's list of the 
SSS (their letters) is as simple as being iden-
tified as going to a rock concert. The ludicrous 
criterion go on. 

ONLY YOU CAN'T READ YOUR FILE!! 

The Nati( nal Commission on Law En-
forcement ar d ,Social Justice intends to change 
that. 

Privacy hiS been the major is'Sue, actually 
overshadowing other problems due to the 

that stuffed away in a secret I ittle file are 
reports on the members, none of them true, 
that have been given by others opposed to their 
fight. It's an old counterespionage trick but not 
one unknown to power people who have spent 
years fighting for the dollar. AND YOU CAN'T 
CORRECT YOUR FILE!! 

This may be the reason many programs to 
obtain vitally needed pol itical and socia l 
reforms have fai led . The CIA, FBI, INTERPOL 
and the IRS have all been recently revealed in 
the press as having conducted covert 
operations against cit izens of the U.S. at the 
behest of the Nixon administration on purely 
ideological reasons and who knows how many 
well -intentioned citizens have had their lives 
ruined or marred bv fa lse data pl~ced in police 

Continued on Pale 6 

. triton times 

"Bah-Bah II 

Frat Comes to UCSD 
One of the most consistent gripes pervading the UCSD campus 

today concerns the lack of social interaction among students. Time 
and time again, students complain about the infamous "UCSD Student 
Apathy" that is so evident here at school. There are complaints of 1) 
lack of parties 2) lack of widely publicized events bene~icial to all 
students 3) lack of concessionary outlets and 4) lack of parties . 

Yet, there is a group here on campus that holds the general con-
sensus that these are not viable, valid complaints . This group, a newly 
formed organization called Epsilon Alpha Beta, believes that the 
students here at UCSD attempt to use the theme of apathy as a crutch 
and cop-out rather than truly tries to change the social environment 
(i .e., the lack of it). 

It is with this in mind that EAB hereby challenges the students 
of UCSD to get oH their respective derrieres to do something con-
structive for themselves and their community . As Article II of EAB's 
Constitution states, "The purpose of this , fraternity (hold your panty 
hose women, it's open to you too). is to serve as a framework from 
which individual students can work together to promote the campus 
social environment and service to the surrounding community." 

Epsilon Alpha Beta is as of yet only a fledgeling organization of ten 
members. However, tonight at 8:30 pm in the Upper Blake Lounge, 
EAB is oHicially declaring its existence by putting on a " rush drive" to 
incorporate new members into the "frat" and to introduce ourselves to 
the student community .. 

It is evident that the word "frat" may project a negative "jockish" 
image of EAB. On the contrary, our group represents the antithesis of 
the elitist, upper class fraternities found at colleges in t~e . late 1960's. 

Our membership is open to all people of any race, religion, color and 
creed (yes, even toasters may apply) . EAB's only stipulation will be that 
each member be 1) active in organization sponsored functions and 2) 
be of some service to the community. 

Already, I:AM IS pertorming both functions on campus as well as off. 
The group has as of this moment eight members who are Big Brothers 
to underprivileged children in the San Diego area. Concerning on 
campus social service, EAB has made definite plans to show two 
feature films on March 2nd in USB 2722. These include "Horse-
feathers" which stars the Marx Brothers, and " The Producers" an early 
Mel Brooks film. All proceeds will go to non-profit char itable 
organizations. Epsilon Alpha Beta has also made plans with the 
Campus Program Board (this shows you how legitimate we rea lly are) 
to act as official co-hosts at the opening of the Mandeville Center 
March 6-15 . So, already EAB is pl anning severa l major events. 

But the purpose of any fraternity is to have fun , and EAB is interested 
in this also. For those of you o n Revelle, EAB was the organization that 
put on what one individual so eloquent ly dubbed as "the two best G-d 
D- d parties UCSD ever had" in Blake Hall this year . We won't go to 
such extremes with the use of our adjectives, yet EAB is definitely 
proud of our role taken in livening up UCSD. So, having a good time is 
one of our primary goals also. 

So, the cha llenge has been made. The question is, do we have 
enough students interested in promoting socia l i nte~action on campus? 
Or is the argument that student apathy "stifles" us as individuals truly 
a cop-out? The outlet to social activity and en joyment has been given 
to UCSD in the form of Epsilon Alpha Beta. If you are truly interested 
in our cause and want to take constructive action, the place to meet ~ 
the Upper Blake Lounge tonight at 8 :30 pm. 

WRITTEN BY BERT LEEON 
BEHALF OF HIS BROTHERS 

TED BOTTILLIERE 
ALEC NEDELMAN 

BRIAN O 'LOUGHLIN 
OSCAR MORENO 

OOUGLAS WALLACE 
GARY GIBB 

JAMES LAN E 
JAM ES SWOBIN 

JAMES RICE 

~*****************************i ! ANNOVNCIRG ! 
* A1l9~ * ! MEET THE PRESS! ! : 11~ OttW~ : : fe6lauauj 19. fb TIIifoIt : 
: : TiIIIf& wiI W4 IUC: : 
* * : O.BH 80V8. : 
t .. 1-4 1JIIt. ~ wilk ~ 0Ifd : 
: delfUQ ill iI6' !eweIl BIldre Holt e66iu * ~*************.*******.********l 

MMcoim A . : ;m1rll . Editor Itlrlt Robin .. >n. Sporn Edito, /lRTS WRITERS 
EllwMd E. Sit"';' • • M_"I,.. EdittN' Tad Spwpy, ""010 Edltol 

SECRfTAlilAL ASSISTANT 
c.mIIIe c.ca. 

PtIOOUCTION Th. Triton Tim.. la officially 
raeOgnl, ...... C8mpu. _H' by 

An ... LIIIII,., the Communle8t!on. aNreI Of UCSO. It_ Mlllllmud Student Cant.r, I.e JoIle, CaNto""' . 
121137. In tIIk Ing edltorl.1 poaItIOn •• the 
Triton TI_ I, n01 rao-u,.. the 

COpy REAOEIII view. Of the Unlvaralty. The Com· 

John H. TIIY"',. City Edltol V .... Glr_ 
Jonl Moody. r;Gpy EditOr DrntI c.",;tJy 
a-w H .. ,.. • • Editorial mr.ctOl -", "'"'bow 
R;". ROHwald 811';nass M."""., Ja_ G. Soro. A .. oe. Cifv Ediror 
I.Mry 0..: ••• Art. Elliror Itarllr Co" • • s.c,.t.,., 

Mill. Mcc.nv. ContrlbutHlfl Edlro, 

Jim Sh/t>mIIn 
8aUy Clt/_ 
Robin Rone; 
S_. E.m«IiIN 
AIHII Ho .... 
Lorin SpItlM 

8I'ORTS WRITERS 
Pelll •• nM 
0.... EI_ 
IIMf L_ 
DirIt $I •• ., .. ~ ~..... munlC8t1ona aoard. or ..... tudent bodV Mk_ ...... tIM ... whole. 

Th. Triton Tim .. oubfi.hn Mond.y. Wecl .... d.y •• nd F,ldey .. an offici ... .., rae""nl .... o1udent _ . o.par. publl.hed bv th. UCSD Communlc.tlonl BOlrd. 
Fo, ...... " I.ing. phona4li2·,.. fo, edltorial.nd _I. phD". 412·" 

Page 2 Tri ton Times Wednesday, February 19, 1975 

Commentary 

Brown 'Stirs Muddy Waters' .at Regional Meeting 
by Millcolm A. Smith claim , or fossilized . In con-

tradistin ction of contemporary 
They gather around tables myth, it is not a group of reac-

arranged to form a hollow rec- tionary businessmen who mistrust 
tang le, fores.t ed with water ideas of universal change, it is 
pitchers and microphones, dotted rather the focus of a bureaucratic 
here and there with dr inking web-and the densi ty, perh~ps. 
The Regents evaluate those issues that 

have filtered up from the hlerarchy-- once 
an idea has sprouted, they may then allow 
if to bloom 

indeed when they take an Interest 
in something whi le it is st i ll in its 
prenatal stage. 

"detai led knowledge," especially 
in matters concerni ng the budget 
The governor is flexing hiS 
muscles . 

Considerable Influence 
He appears to be moving 

rapidly toward a position of 
considerable influence within the 
Board of Regents The question 
now is its effect on the university . 
Political predictions, like weather 
forecasts, are largely the province 
of " fools and foreigners," but a 

Regents-it could also serve to 
huild antagonism bptween thf' 
executive and the univerSIty 

During his term , Arown will 
hav th opportunity to appoint 
new Regents, and presumably 
they will reflect VI WPOlnts that . 
like Brown's. dlff!'r from thp 
consensus of the Board as It " 
currently constituted ThiS . 
combinf'd with the nf'W stud!'nt 
regent, suggests that the not ·too 
distant future may well ee a glasses and briefcases. Smoke 

cu rls upward from the president's 
ciga r; two chairs down the 
sec retary waits, armed and ready . 
A co llection of mostly aged dour 
gen tl emen take their seats, 
leaning back in their swivel 
chairs. Thus, with a tardy rustling 
of paper, comes to order the 
I ebruary 14 meeting of the 
Regents of the University of 

increases as one approaches tile 
center. A governing body is often 
as much trapped by the red tape 
as is its victim - maybe more so 
because it feels a parental at-
tachment. 

Awkard and Ponderous 

If you stir up clear standing 
water, it may W)on become 
muddied- strangely, som stirring 
of muddy water may manage to 
produce c larity . Edmund G 
Brown, Jr ., California's fledgeling 
governor, is making a determined 
effort to stir, and possibly heat, 
the muddy regental water If that 
water is still far from clear, it is at 
least becoming apparent that the 
possibility of clarity exists . 

Brown IS applying things the 
Regents seemingly regard as 
foreign material -- reason and 
methodology. Brown questions 
the needs for , and the reasons 
behind a proposal that is being 
discussed by the Regents in terms 
of the wording of subsections. He 
asks for the rationale behind an 
action , for the computation that 
leads to a financia l estimate-the 
governor asks why instead of 
merely what. 

Brown moves fast and somewhat un-
predictably. At one moment, he is cordially 
in agreement with Watkins, the next 
moment siding with the more liberal 
members. 

The Regents move awkwardly 
and somewhat ponderously. 
They evaluate those issues that 
have managed to fi lter ' through 
the hierarchy once an idea has 
sprouted, they may allow it to 
bloom, but it IS a rare occasion 

few-observaticms can be made on significant shift in the basic 
the basis of last week's Regents policies of the univerSity 

aliforn ia. 
The Board consists of solid 

men. of seasoned wood that has 
wE'athered well ossified, some 

meeting-Brown has a sharp mind 
and a quick tongue, both of 
which get exercised in what he 
terms an attempt to "cut through 
the paper blizzard ." 

Regents Meeting ... He moves fast and somewhat 
unpredictably. At one moment he 
is cordially in agreement with 
conservative Regent Dean 
Watkins, the next moment sidi ng 
with the more liberal members. 
That doesn't imply inconsistency, 
for Brown is a practical man who 
takes each issue on its merits 
rather than on an comparison 
with an ideology. He divides the 
Regents, but the lines of division 
change continually, and no one 
really knows where Brown will 
strike next. Potentially, this could 
have the effect of vitalizing the 

Continued from Page 1 
Med Facility 

Armed with a slide show, ar-
chitect QUIn y Jones made J 
presen t ation of the M dical 
T(,Jching ra ility, which will be 
built at UCSD parallel to the 
eXisting Basi cience Building. 

The Regents unamamously 
approved the design of the ~6 . 4 
million facility . The bUilding will 
allow the !'xpansion of 
enro llment from 96 to 128 en-
tering med students. 

Although the Fnvironmental 
Impa t Report (E IR) has not been 
(omp leted , plans had to b 
approved in order to f aci Iitate 
f('deral mon!'y for th prot ct 
\\h, ch stipulat s that con-
, truct lon must be und rway by 
July 1 

At the March 13 Regent 
n]eeting, the Board wi ll .review 

the fi nal EIR report for approval. He operates with a ruthlessness 
UCSD's M edical School will be that is refreshing. If a proposal to 

receiving a new Food Service spend a. few million .is justified as 
Bui lding in the futu re. The . supporting an eXist ing program, 
Regents gave the go-ahead for he. ~uestlons the need for the 
prel iminary planning, to begin at onglnal program . He takes pains 
a cost of S313 000. to remind the Regents that money 

The plan~. drawings, and IS In short supply, that he IS the 
t t · . t f th governor, and that as governor he cons ruc Ion equ lpmen or e h h d th " t ' 

50 f '1' ' 11 b 'd f as c oppe e unlver51 y s 1 seat aCI Ity WI e pal or b d t P 'd t H 't h II h ' b 'f " u ge . resl en I c ca s t IS 
Y gl t to the UniverSity. approach " inquiring," and says 

Scripps I nstitution of 
o eanography's library building's 
EIR was also certified by the 
Regents . Th i move allows 
construction to begin on the new 
library, which will house over 
500.000 vo lumes dealing with 
o eanography, marine biology, 
and undersea technology. Th 
curr nt ripps library has been 
labeled "functionally obsolete 
and structurally defic ient ." 

Brown is asking some hard 
questions" and Brown exhibits a 

~--------------------------------------r:r~y;) 
Get Roiled at the ~ 

Spice Rack Restaurant! 
Sam Ervin ••• Preserll 11115 ollpon _, th your IT""'; 11 the unique Spice Rile, G~r .. n ReSldUlanr n P"C' ,c 

BenCh and fOll .. gPI rol:e(j Frt"e Td,e home hil.1 ,1 
C10zen 01 Ihe lasl,e,1 Ilome rn:ide roilS 6r mull,ns 
yOu ve ever mel Thl~ oller '5 good 011 Mondays Ihru 
Thursdays unld Februdry 27 ~I(FJ::)'\CK 
YOU RE GONNA LIKE THE V~ 

Continued from Page 1 
Then, trvln drew rousing 

applause when he said " Al l men 
should stand equal before the 
law," referring to the pardon . 

Ervin said he hoped the U.S. 
wou ld be wise enough not to 
commit troops to the Mideast in 
the event of a war. but added " I 
admire the valor of IsraeL" 

" W cou ld assist with 
weapo ns but not send 
Americans abroad unl ess at-
tacked, unl ess it was a d fensive 
war." 

And Ervin said that the U.S. 
,hould not recommit tt oops or 
Inc rease military aid to South 
Vietnam President Ford 
recently proposed d~king 
Congress for a $300 million 
In rease in military a id to the 
Thieu regimes . 

b 'lin said It t' was one of the 
seven Senators who opposed the 
Lqua l Ri ght s Amendment , 
,aying he believed there were 
sufficient statutes on th e books 
air ady to prohibit sexual 
discrimination " There's enough 
laws," h said . " All that's 
needed is a few law suits." 

Ervin said abortion decisions 
shou ld be handled on a state 
level . " not by nine men who 
wear black robes and it on the 
banks of the Potomac ." 

Sea Rights 
Ervin said he could not decide 

on the issue of international sea 
rights in response to a question 
concerning Ecuador's seizure of 
American tuna boats. " I can 
argue ei th er side of the case 
wit.ho ut co nvincing myself 
what 's right ," he said . 

Conce rnin g the death 
penalty, Ervin said it should 
remain, " I don 't feel the only 
people who should be able to 
kill should be the murderers," he 
aid. " Some crimes are so awful 

they merit death ." 
Ervin said he believed the 

death penalty acted as a 
deterrent to crime, adding that 
wi thout it "some communities 
would resort to lynching." 

Ervin's USD lecture was part 
o f a eries whi ch in future weeks 
will include William F. Buckley, 
Jean Dixon, and George Plimp-
ton 

EFRAIM SEVELA 
"Journey from Moscow to Jerusalem" 

lec. tonight 8:00 p.m. H.l.1205 
PURIM 

services held this Monday , Feb 24 
7:00 in the new gym concerence room 

Dancing at 8:00 Plus Food 
Sponsorecl IIr Unilft tf JIWiIh S~enf1 UJ. S. 

A GARDEN RESTAURA NT 

Mission Blvd . near Grand in Pacific Beach 
7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-l0 pm 

~ ---------------~-----------------------
T:l e Church of Con)ervat ion 

Invites You To Be An 
ORDAINED MINISTER 

And AcqUire The Rank Of 
DOCTOR Of NATUREPEDICS 

Our fast growing church I 
ctively seeking env ironment 
oncious new ministers wh 

lieve what we believe ' Man 
hould exist in harmony Wit 
ature. We are a non -strut ture 
aith , undenominational , w ith n 
raditional doctrine or dogma. 

efits for ministers are . 
1. Car Emblem and Pocket 1.0 
2 . Reduced rates from man 
tels, motels. restaurants , ca 

ental ilgencies, etc . Ou 
irectory lists over 1.000 prestig 
stablishments extending an 
utomatic cash discount. 

3. Perform marriages, baptisms, 
funerals and all other ministerial 
functions. 

4. Start your own church and 
apply for exempt ion from 
property and other taxes. 

Enclose a free-w i ll donation for 
the minister's credentials and 
pocketllcense. Your ordination IS 
recognized In all 50 state and 
most foreign countries 

CHURCH OF CONSERVATION , 
BOI( 375, MARY ESTHER , 
FLORIDA 32569. 

.. , . 

.-

Governor Brown 

LA PALOMA 
,.AClfK COoIlST MWT. A,. '0' '"'.1,.....,. ..... 7.~.U 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions fil!ed 
contact lenses fined 
repairs 

hours mon In 10 30 - 8 00 
sal 10 6 :Iosed sundays 

sports arena blvd. 
(across 110m the sports aren~ l 

224-2973 224-2974 

Wednesday, February 19-, 1975 Triton Times PaRe 3 



Hockey and Humanity 
by Paul Wagner 

Ice Hockey is an infectuous sport; once it gets into your system, it is 
difficult to lose your enthusiasm for the game. Some people have 
developed a vision of the players which have them built up as vicious 
and inhuman monsters whose primary goal in lite is to mercilessly 
destroy the oppositiorf . Contrary to popular belief, this is far from the 
truth. 

Most of the players are easy going and willing to talk to anyone. 
Then there is the occassional hardnose who thinks he is above the 
'adoration of the fans: It is his attitude which may give rise to the 
general image held by the public. 

For those fans who prefer the more congenial type of player, they are 
in luck because the San Diego Mariners are about the friendliest group 
of athletes around . Th is became evident to me a few weeks ago. Being 
the hockey fan that I am, and utilizing the press pass which was given 
to the sports department here, I often frequent the locker room after 
the games. I proceeded to get into a long conversation with a couple of 
players and we talked for so long that I missed the last 'R' bus from 
downtown to La Jolla (the game ended at 10:30 and the last 'R' bus 
leaves the sports arena near midnight). 

One of the first people you notice l,lpon entering the locker room is 
Mariner defenseman Ron Plumb. He usually doesn't attract many of 
the reporters until they have finished with some of the bigger name 
players of the team, but his part of the locker room is never empty, 
owing mostly to the playfulness of Andre Lacroix's two small children . 
Ron is currently on loan from a team (the Cincinnati Stingers) which 
doesn't start WHA play until next fall . 

He has found San Diego to be a perfect city in which to both play 
hockey and to live, and at present he is hoping that the Mariner front 
oftice can come up with some sort of consideration, either in cash or 
future draft choices for the Stringers, which would make an equitable 
trade. He said that after a while, you get to know the players and they 
become your friends. Also that after a line (a group of five players who 
are out on the ice at the same time) has been working together for a 
time, a definite rhythm and play style develops, and any radical 
change in the alignment ot the line destroys what has been achieved 
and that time is needed for any adjustment to new players. 

The comradery on the team is quite evident. Plumb is the most 
eligible bachelor on the team and his team mates don 't let him forget . 
Sane of his friends even go as far as asking him if he would like to 
meet their sisters. 

Perhaps the most facinating player on the team to talk to is player-
coach Harry Howell. A player in professional hockey for 22 seasons 
now, including 17 of them with the New York Rangers, he has many 
stories to tell . One of his favorites goes back to the year he was chosen 
as the captain of the Rangers in his sixth year of play. From there he 
said it was all downhill as he was never chosen for that position again . 
Howell came to the Mariners three years ago when the team was then 
the New York Raiders, then New York Golden Blades, then Jersey 

Continued on Page 6 

San Diego Schmuck$ 
Theoretically , intramural sports 

. at UCSD are supposed to be for 
the exercise, fun , and recreation 
of the participants. None the less 
one can hardly avoid the fact 
that , " it's fun to win ," and so 
weaker players on intramural 
teams have a tendency to get to 
rJlay less than the stronger 
players. 

Well , an outlet for weaker 
players may be at hand this spring 
for intramural baseball. Larry 
Deckel , a poor-to-mediocre 
baseball player has announced 
the formation of a team for 
athletic misfi ts: The San Diego 
Schmucks. 

What Deckel proposes, is 
forming his own team of players 
for an Intramural baseball team, 

I 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 
LIBRARY 

Thou .. and~ of Topics 
$2.75 f: et page 

Send for YOJr up-ta-date, 
H6-page, mail order catalog 
of 5500 tc pies. Enclose 
$1.00 to cover postage (1 -2 
days delivery time) . 

519 GLENROCK AVE. 
. SUITE '203 

lOS ANGElES, CA. 90024 
Ou, malerlals .. e sold fo, 

, .. ere,", pu,pows only 

in which how 'good a player you 
are isn t a parameter. Everybody 
on the team who shows up for a 
game will play an equal amount 
of time. Fielding positions will be 
rotated among the team at the 
teams discretion . 

When asked his motive for 
forming the team, Deckel replied : 
" Some peopl e treat intramural 
sports so competively that they 
lose sight of their purpose . We're 
not out for blood , we're out for 
recreation . Besides, I'm tired of 
batting ninth and playing right 
field for two innings out of a nine 
inning game." 

Anyone interested in joining 
the Schmucks roster should 
contact Larry Deckel at 452-8131. 

Are you thin king Summer? 
Think UCSD Summer Session. 
Schedule of classes now 
available 
101 Matthews Campus (second 
floor ) 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45-5 :30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

PaRe 4 Triton Times Wednesd<lY, Febru<lry 19, 1975 

Sordid Truths 

Fear and Loathing at the AWSOO 
by Rick Rodewald 

If you want some information 
on the Andy Williams San Diego 
Open that was held at Torrey 
Pines this weekend, pick up a 
copy of the Union or the L.A. 
Times . Don't ask me about it, 
because I can't really tell you too 
much . Oh sure, I was there every 
day for four days. In fact, I spent 
the fir~t three days compiling a 
fantastic notebook full of in-
terviews and detailed hole by 
hole action that I was going to 
relate to you in this, my first 
column . The notebook is 
probably still sitting by my empty 
gin and tonic in the 'Press room . 

My only real mistake was to 
invite the Bitler to the final day of 
the tourney. The Bifter is a young 
businessman whom any girl 
would be proud to bring home to 
father . But the guy is downright 
evil inside--a definite Eddie 
Haskell type . He is also un-
believably loud. His kind belongs 
in the Padres' bleachers or 
ringside at a roller derby; not at a 
professional golf tournament 
where spectators pay s;,c dollars 
to be herded around the course in 
total silence. Anyway, the Bifter 
and I put on our "young man 
going up in the world" outfits, 
threw a few six packs in a fancy 
bag, and took off . Two pairs of 
mirrored sunglasses completed 
our attire and disguised our 
obvio.us preparations for the day. 

On the course the Biffer soon 
made his presence known . He 

1M BS 

grew louder as our bag grew 
lighter, and only my press button 
saved us from a quick elfit. 
However, even his presence 
didn't help my growing boredom 
and we took off in search of 
excitement. We soon found 
ourselves at the door of a room 
that was obviously for golf pros 
and millionaires only. If any of 
you readers ever find yourself at a 
similar door, here is a helpful 
hint : Simply thrust your nose in 
the air and march right in without 
a glan ce at the guards . Th is 
procedure can succeed only on 
full tanks, and by now we both 
definitely fit this requirement. 

The Bifter headed straight to 
the bar, ordered the most ex-
pensive drinks he could think of 
and told the bartender to put it on 
his bill . Astonishingly enough , his 
ploy worked and we sat down 
with our new treasure . On my left 
was a young pro who looked 
exactly like Oskie from the 
"Summer of 42." I am positive he 
discovered sex this weekend, for 
it dominated his conversation . I 
told him I was writing a story for 
Playboy and he made me swear to 
check out his girlfriend next time 
I was in Muncie, Indiana. 

Meanwhile, the Biffer was 
promising free full page ads in our 
newspaper, the Vancouver Star, 
to the American representative 
for Tuborg Beer. This man in-
sisted that we come with him to 
his room where we found a party 
in full swing . The water taps were 
fixed to flow Tuborg and 
Carlsberg Elephant beer and most 
of the guests were in altered 

states of <;onsciousness. The host 
was making phone calis, and in 
less than 15 minutes a man came 
in with a large box which con-
tained a dozP.!'l .Tuborg t-shirts 
and an enormQus array of 
posters proclaiming the class that 
can be obtained simply by 
drinking these products . He 
handed this over to us and in-
dicated that we could fill our 
arms with beer when we left. 

All of this could have gone on 
indefinitely, but I was beginning 
to worry about the Biffer. This 
massive con-game was going a bit 
too far and he was becoming 
crazed with power. One moment 
he was a writer for U.P.I., and the 
next he was an editor of the 
National Lampoon . Any moment 
now someone was bound to 
compare notes, and we would be 
in a great 'deal of trouble. I pulled 
him away from a young lady 
whom he was promising to write 
an entire book about . We 
thanked our host, he thanked us, 
and we took our leave of the 
Andy Williams San Diego Open . 
The next day the Bifter returned 
to his small desk at a Finance 
Company, and I was back at the 
Triton Times . Newman and 
Redford , move over! 

By the way, for all of you golf 
buffs who feel slighted by my 
coverage of this Open, here is a 
golf exclusive: Ray Floyd did not 
lose the tournament to the·better 
man . He lost because the Bifter's 
50 decibel " atta boy Ray" on the 
fourth hole of sudden death 
utterly destroyed the man. 

Pie Eating, Superstars Cont. 
This Friday is, in actuality, 

George Washington 's birthday, 
His real one, not the one the 
government sets for him to make 
it a Monday holiday every ye r . 
In celebration of the real event , 
the Recreation Dept . is spon· 
soring a pie eating contest. 

According to Harry " I never tell 
a I ie" Bloom, all the pies will be 
of the cherry variety. He also 
noted that the cO[l test wi II be 
held in the patio of the Rec Gym 
at 12 noon . 

There will be two catagories of 
pie eating : speed and quantity. 
Eat a pie against the clock, then 

"Some can .eat more, but none 
can eat as fast as I ; I am ina state 
of obvious gluttony." 

Sign ups for all the gluttonous 
being; of this campus are being 
taken in the Re<;, gym office, 
continuing through Thursday. 

* * * A week and a half ago the 
completion of the Superstars 
event was delayed due to in-
climate weather . Still remaining 
are the softball throw and the 60 
yard dash . These events will be 
held on Friday, February 21 at 3 
pm . The events will take place on 
the Muir Soccer Field . 

see how many you can eat . Wen Ch i Ho, Lee Johnson and 
Dean "Porky" Patterson says, "Dr. E.J. Cummings provided the 

Reasons for Roots. 
No.2. Comfortable arch support. 
If you spend a lot of time moving around - or 
standing around - on hard floors or city sidewalks. 
your arches need this kind of help. 

The Spring Root . 
one of 10 styles. 

Sold only at Roots shops. 
Gift certificates available. 
Now Open Sundays 12 pm - S pm. 
10909 KInross Ave., Westwood VUlage (213) 478-0101 
1218 Prospect St., La Jolla, Calif. (714) 459-5000 

City feet need Roots. 

highl ights of the indoor action . 
Wen won the free throw shooting 
part of the contest, sinking 24 of 
30 attempts . "Muscles" Johnson 
took the weightlifting title by 
hefting a cool 300 pounds. " Dr 
Cummings" scored the maximum 
1025 points by swimming the 50 
yards in a rather quick 22 .7 
seconds . 

Unofficial point totals show 
that the " Pickerprints" are in first 
place with 2495 points, followed 
closely by the Jets, a scant 125 
points behind . 

Don't forget, pie eating contest 
Friday at noon , followed by the 
completion of the superstars 
events at 3pm . 

• non-ilrOflt 
pub4lc I.,vlce 

IlJIncv 

Birth 
Control 
Institute 

• Counseling 

• Pregnancy Testing 

• Abortion 

• Birth ContrOl 

• Vasectomy 

• Fern'" Stariliz.tion 
Call BCt for 

confidential assist8nCe 
17141 283-8351 
(714)~5757 

Aart-Vark 

Young, unknown artists are rarely given the opport~nity to sell, 
let alone show, their works throygh a gallery . Because of some hard 
work and the co-operative efforts of a number of people, however, 
an artist under the age of twenty-five now has the opportunity to 
show and sell works at the " Horizons" Gallery which is housed in 
the Y.M .CA., 1115 Eighth Ave ., San Diego. 

The gallery, which was begun as a result of donations to begin a 
co-op gallery for young 'San Diegan artists, asks a mere 10 percent 
com mission for any work sold at the gallery. If you have work that 
you would like displayed and sold at "Horizons," call Jo Weaver at 
the Downtown YMCA (232-7451), or Steve Schneider, evenings, at 
279-4667. 

Other galleries around the area have opened up their new shows 
for the month, and I think a few of them are worth the trouble of a 
bus ride to downtown San Diego to see. At the Artists Co-op Gallery 
on India St. is a show by Dennis Davis, entitled Wood Con-
structions . Also on display at the ca-op are woodblock prints by 
Toshi Yoshida . At the Triad Gallery, also on India, is Doug Knutson's 
latest show, Erotica 75. The display manages to bring sensitivity and 
dimension to an elusive and somewhat difficult form . The exhibit 
wi ll run through March 16. 

In Balboa Park, a juried show of loom-weaving and non· loom 
fiber work plus weekend demonstrations of weavers can be found at 
the Museum of Man . In the Fine Arts Gallery, is a new show called 
-Historical Implications of Roman Coins, a show of 48 anci':!nt 
Roman Coins. 

Closer to home, Artifacts of Primitive New Guinea, Amazon 
Basin, Africa, and Oceana are on display at the Bozzarius Trading 
Company, 1401 Camino del Mar, Suite 102, through the 28th of this 
month . Eskimo Graphic art is being shown at the I nukshuk Gallery 
in La Jolla. 

Theatre openings around town offer some varied and interesting 
Shows that you might enjoy; The Patio Playhouse is offering a 
readers' theatre production of "Don Juan In Hell." Shows are at 8 
p.m., Thursdays through Sat., 1511 E. Valley Parkway in Escondido. 
"The Sign in Sidney Bruste'in's Window, " the Lorraine Hansberry 
drama will be presented in the San Diego City College Theatre at 8 
pm, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, thru March 1 with 3 pm matinee 
thiS Sunday. "The Innocents," the William Archibald dramatization 
of Henry James' "Turn of the Screw," will be presented by the San 
Diego Junior Theater at 7:30 pm Thursday and Friday, and at 2:00 
pm on Sat. and Sun . in the Casa Del Prado, Balboa Park. 

On the music scene, pianist Earl Wild will play "An Evening of 
Romantic Music," for the La Jolla Sinfonia at 8 pm in Sherwood 
Hall . 

~*****************************~ 5 Wed. Feb 19 USB 2722 $1.00! 
# The semibiographical musical # 
: extravaganza # 
* * 1 Mad Dogs and i 
·1 EuglishUlen I 
* * 1 With leon Russel I 
: and Joe Cocker 7 :30 & 9:30 # 
* * ~*** .. ** .. **** •• * •• ****.******, 

'I .J 

Music: Elizabeth Chiment 

The Preservation of Jazz ..... . 
..... and the under 21 blues 

There's something happening 
on the music scene in the area 
that may be of interest, if, you're 
an incurable jazz fanatic. I've 
attended just about every jazz 
concert that has been produced 
in the San Diego area for the last 
two years, I've even been known 
to drive to Los Angeles to take 
advantage of the jazz offered by 
Fine Arts Productions at UCLA. 

At times the two hour drive 
seems more than worth it to see 
such greats as the L.A . Four, 
Mable Mercer and Cal Tjader ; 
shows that never make it to San 
Diego. Despite the quality jazz 
that California Concerts and the 
UCSD Program Board does 
manage to bring to our city, the 
intimate atmosphere and small 
crowds that make jazz such a 
wonderfully personal sound , are 
rarely to be found . 

Clubs that feature jazz shows 
have come and gone in San 
Diego . There was the Aspen Pub, 
that, for a short time, offered 
Sunday afternoon jazz. Club 
owners have preferred to stick to 
the louder, more boisterous rock 
and roll groups that are sure to 
bring in large, drinking crowds. 

All hope is not lost, however, 
because of the sincere efforts of 
so me very dedi cated jazz 
musicians in town . I spent some 
time with one of those musicians 
the other evening over coffee and 
donuts, and learned all about the 
biggest effort to bring quality, low 
cost jazz to San Diego on a 
regular basis ; namely , The 
Society for the Preservation of 
Jazz. 

Robert Owens, a sort of self-
appointed P.R. man for the 
Soc iety and an excellent musician 
in hi s own right , is anxious to see 
the jazz enth usiasts of San Diego 
become involved with the 
SOCiety, and thus , be able to 
sponsor more jazz shows in area 
night clubs. 

Presently the Society is 
presenting jazz entertainment 
every Sunday night at the 
Catamaran Hotel on Mission Bay. 
Prices for the shows range from 
$3 .50 (top price when name 
bands appear) , to $1 .00 (ad-

mission price for club members 
on regular show nights) . Not bad 
at all for a relaxing evening of 
music. 

"The Society's purpose is to 
keep the prices down for good 
jazz shows, and at the same time 
keep the power in the hands of 
the musicians . It 's to get outside 
of the realm of commercialism," 
explained Owens; an effort that 
will hopefully result in the for-
mation of a strong, people-
oriented, musician-run jazz' club 
scene in San Diego . 

Much of the Society's success 
is due to the hard work and 
undying optimism of Joe Morillo, 
a founder of the Society, and his 
wife Carol. Morillo can often be 
heard on Sunday nights at the 
Catamaran playing with Equinox, 
a local group that plays the club 
when no out-of-town group has 
been billed . 

The Society is doing an im-
pressive job of bringing in big 
name shows to the Cat . Blue 
Mitchell (who is also working on 
the formation of a jazz preser-
vation society out of L.A .), and 
Supersax have recently been 
billed , and more shows are being 
arranged. 

The Society is asking for the 
support of the community 
through club membership which 
involves a $5 .00 membership fee, 
and allows for cut rates to 
Catamaran shows, as well as 
notification, by mail, of up-
coming events . "The money", 
says Morillo, " is all channelled 
back into the Society, which 
keeps us a non -profit 
organizatio~ ... This way we have 
mUSICians working with 
musicians, and avoid hassling 
with promoters." So far, more 
than two hundred jazz freaks 
have become official members. 

I was disappointed, however, 
upon hearin'g that the Cat is a 
strict, over-21 establishment, and 
that any attempts I might make to 
get in (being 18 years old), would 
be in vain . Th is has always been a 
sore spot with me; considering 
how much I like jazz and dislike 
booze . But rules are rules and it 
seems I'll just have to wait to reap 
the fruits of the Society. 

Student committee to Keep Kleinberg 
a meeting to plan a unified strategy for student action 

Friday, Feb 21, 5:00 p.m. MuirT.V. Lounge 
phone : 454-0938 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BIRDS 

(PSAGI ............. 

I The unofficial Fly With U~ lor 
slale bird , PSA, has a song 10 eleven cilles . 
more lIights connecting WanttocatchaPSAGnnnmg-
northern and soulhern C"lh- bud? That's easy. J),J51 catch 
lornia than any other 810lne up with your campus rep. 

....... ,.. ..... 

Meanwhile, MorrlLo and Owpn~ 
are working With Bruce M c· 
Donald of the UCSD Program 
Board to bring low cost Jazz 
concerts to the masses once the 
Mandeville Center is officlaly 
opened . This doe~n 't mean that 
the club shows would discon-
tinue, bu.t that more of us could 
enjoy the Society'S efforts 

Until then, those of you "of 
age," can take advantage of the 
goodies and become Society 
members by sending your $5.00 
fee to 7455 Cuvier, La Jolla, 
92037. By the way, anyone know 
where I can get a fake I D ? 

Study in 
Guadalaiara, Mexico 
The GUADALAJARA SUMMER 
SCHOOL. a fully accredited UNI· 
VERSITY OF ARIZONA program. 
will offer June 30 to August 9. 
anthropology. art. educat ion . fo lk-. 
lore. geography. history . govern-
ment, language and literature. 
TUition and fees. S190 . beard and 
room With MeXican fanli ly $245. 
Write to GUADALAJARA SUMMER 
SCHOOL. 413 New Psycho logy. 
UniverSity 01 Arizona, Tucson . 
Arizona 85721. 

C/IAHTEHS 
••• _ ;. y_ cMic, ef """ 
ISO fIithts Ie IUlOPl $ 3 50 
.ONDON "- ....... round Itlp 
AJlo 10 AMSTUOAM, IItUSSflS, I. EL AN D. 
'UNKFUtT-ZU.ICH '489 
. 1'0 Hong J(on, 

291-8141 
O.r r.1I ,,~ I •• 11. 

, 'D-l!,~~,~~~ 
I0Il1110/1 Voilty-Equ'loble l idg 

1333 Camino d.1 Rio SOlith 
5.0., Cl 92101 

HaVe· 
a 

levi's Jeans 
fit. 

At the Gap 
Flip over the world 's 
greatest selection of 
Levi ·s· . Levi's for every 
size. shape. taste and sex. 
You 'll go nufs. 

46811 Con~oy Sf. 
~e.mVMeu 

S6C).6644 
Mon. thru Sat. 10-9 

Sunct.ys Noon-S 

Wednescby, February 19, 1975 PaRe 5 Triton Timn 



Commentary 
-~T-:~al ,,~:~~,:,~:~;~~~~~ l':~~~~ ~':::~~V~~Th?~:~"~'::" ;" 

possibility of a JOlOt The even spacing of the fixed- fully implemented in 1995. A bus Is a state rebate of 'I.c on every development . For instance, such 
Mexican/American, truly in- guiderail stations, approximately or fixed -rail system, with ~ of sales tax collection in this contingencies- as changing tax 
ternational facility . one mile apart, is intended to numerous stops between origin region, amounting to around 510 rates, inflation and gasoline 

improve tr,ansportation within the and destination, will still require million annually. Finally, and rationing have been allowed for 
community, while leveling and 25-50 p rent more time than perhaps most important, local instead of pretending or hoping 
blending the differences between auto. While privately-operated voters are expected to approve a they won't exist . 

Fixed - Guideway 
While there is nothing truly 

innovative about the RTP, one of 
its more interesting proposals is 
the fixed-guideway system with 
its relatively close and evenly-
spaced station intervals. The aim 
of the approach , as opposed to 
long-distance point-to -point 
commuter service, is to en-
courage even distribution of 
residential and commercial 
development. 

CPO planners are aware that 
transportation plays a significant 
role in the development of 
community, much as media 
affect social structure . San 
Diego's growth is directly linked 
to the car culture, and the result, 
as in Los Angele, has been 
sprawl. CPO's intent is to get 
distribution of employment , 
business, and services more 
closely matched with the 
distribution of housing op-
portunities, while emphasizing 

existing cQntiguous communities. dial-a-ride and taxi services will 1jl sales tax increase to complete Public hearings on the RTP will 
ImpliCit in the plan is the idea ontinue to be an Integral part of the system' local funding. Polls be held by the CPO to entertain 
that the community structure can the region's transportation showed that voters preferred a opinions and recommendations. 
be pa.tterned after a tran- facilities, nothing, despite its sales tax over a property tax Response to these heArings will 
sportatlon system that reflects expense and obnoxious as essment, presumably the only be reviewed by the CPO before 

growthan.dman~gementpolicies . emiSSions, will be able to other wayof getting the money. they adopt the Plan, sometime 
The fixed-gUideway system, compete with the automobile for this March. 

which will mainly run along speed and convenience. The RTP 
existing thoroughfares for offers no real alternative to the 
convenience, might be double- automobile for personalized 
rail, monorail, or a concrete transportation . 
channel for rubber-tired vehicles. However, the automobile does 
Depending on circumstances, it contribute one essential 
could be above or below ground. ingredient to the RTP : tax 
The main guideway cOlridors will revenue. While federal and state 
connect San Diego, La Me a, EI funds are expected to pay for 
Cajon, National City, Chula Vista approximately half the cost of the 
and Imperial Beach , new system, the balance will be 

Not Competitive With Auto 
While public transit time will 

be vastly reduced compared to 
today's schedules after the Plan is 
in effect, it will hardly be 
competitive with the automobile, 

Streicher's 

funded locally, through gasoline 
tax, sales tax and the Local 
Transportation Fund (L TF) . State 
Constitutional Amendment 15 
permits San Diego to use 25 
percent of state gas tax money 
(7 'I,. per gallon) for constructing 

Regional Authority 
The RTP will be administered 

by a full -time regional authority 
responsible to local elected 
officials and the public, and 
periodic updatings are part of the 
plan . The Plan has been designed 
with an ye toward maximum 
flexibility; air quality, growth, 
and the economy have b en 

Meeting Tomorro w 
Part icipation is a key lement 

in developing a Plan responsive 
to your needs . The publi C 
hearings will be held tomorrow at 
7 pm In the Copper Room of the 
Community Concourse, and ne~t 
Thursday at 7 pm ilt the EI 
Camino Country Club in 
Oceanside. 

Hockey Players are People 
Continued from P;age 4 

Knights (but that is another story). In between his tenure with the 
Rangers and the Mariners, he saw tours of duty with the aliforni a 
Colden Seals and the Los Angeles Kings before jumping to the WHA 
When asked about the major differences between the two leagues, hh 
strongest arguement in favor of the WHA was that when a new player is 
drafted by an NHL team, he often has to spend many years on the clubs 
farm team, and that there is only so much that one can learn on a farm 
club . The main reason for farming out a player is' to give him ice time 
so that in the event the team calls him up for an emergency, he won 't 
have to spend more time in conditioning. He stated that for a young 
player coming into the WHA, there is more of a chance that he will see 
action in his first year . This is especially true for the Mariners as two 
draft choices started the year out with the Mariner . 

During the early part of the season an article appeared in the San 
Diego Union and it contained a statement to the effect that How II 
was trying to phase out the player part of his duties . Now, several 
months later, he is putting in as much tim on the ice as players who 
are nearly 20 years his junior. What led to this turnaround was quite 
rapid , several trades and an injury to another key defenseman pressen 
Howell into service. He says he can't omplain about the increased IC(, 
t ime because he loves the gam e, and so do the fan who come out to 

Headquarters for women's negative-heel shoes. watch the games Letter s .. •. 

RAISED 
FRONT 
TAKES THE 
LOAD OFF 
YOUR TOES 

$21 
DARK BROWN & 
NATURAL LEATHER UPPERS 

ROCKER 
SOLE 

$30 
MID BROWN 
DEERSKIN 

CONFORMS 

Gals, take a look at two of 
our many fresh looks 
in footwear comfort . 

TO THE NATURAL 
SHAJ'fe CONTOUR 
OF YOUR FOOT. 

STRlItHER'S CllAA8E 
...... ItAII. 
lASTER CIIAIH 

LA JOLLA 7837 GIRARD 

P.aRe 6 Triton Times Wednesda) , February 19, 1975 

Continued from Page 2 
Illes. Are you familia~ with Co Intel Pro (Covert Intplligence' 
Program)? . 

W of the National Commi ssion of Law Enforcement and Social 
Justice ask your help in handling this situation. Ther is a chapt r of 
the Commission of campus . We would like any information you may 
have on the use of false data by police agencies both across the 
nation and relating to the San Diego-La Jolla areas. Your time in t rms 
of help is also needed. The campus chapter may be contacted 
through student organizations, x4450, me at 452"()519 or Box 5061 
UCSD,-or the downtown office at 926 CSt. SD or 239-1416. W e seek 
nO revolution, as we are not in agreement with terrorist tacti s, 
whether used by the IRS, the Palestinian Liberation Front , or any 
other organization . We believe, as do our sponsors, the Church of 
SCientology, that due process should be used in all endeavors to 
achieve freedom . Also, the commission wi ll meet Feb . 19, 7 pm in the 
Student Center. 

met ttd66 
11 . . .",.. 
_e~ 
_1-4 
~'We. 
mu1 doMuf6. 

~0It all 

DOMESTIC (MADE IN USA) PIESSINGS! 
TO COMPLEMINT OUR INORMOUS IMPORT SILECTIONS WI'VI ' ADDID ALL 
RICORDS IY INGLISH ARTISTS ON DOMESTIC LAIUS TO THIS HUGI SAU ••• 
THOUSANDS Qf LP' S IY HUNDRIDS Of INGLISH RICORDING ARTISTS ARE ALL 
ON SALI NOW _ •• ALL INGLISH ARTISTS _ • _ ALL LAIUS. 

EVERY •• GLISH GROUP - EVERY ENGLISH "R'IS' 
"LL '" DOUaLI DISCOU.' PRICES-LIKE 'HESE t 

• 

ENGLISH IMPORT PRESSINGS! 
OUR IUYERS WERE SENT ALL OVER THI UNITED KINGDOM AND BROUGHT 
lACK MORI ENGLISH IMPORT LP' S THAN WE'VI EVER SEEN IlfORl1! PERHAPS 
THE LARGIST IMPORT SILECTION IVIR •.. UnRALLY THOUSANDS OF SUP ERI· 
OR ENGLISH PRESSINGS TO CHOOSE FROM .•• ALL ON SAU ••• LIKE: 

OlrilA 1OlWT .. 10lIl. .11. 1111 
IIIIS - II"" IN 'III: -Ill 01 II 
111111: -If , .. 1"1 01, III 01 

,_.. 111 

'1"1 _I II 111(0- " CUII", 
.. ... 1 C .. IS I MI ,"", 
-SUllA. ' 01S11t Ins: ... _ III 

DOUBLE 
DISCOUNT PRICED 

PACIFIC BEACH 
1414 Garnet Street 
Pacific Beach, Calif. 92109 (714) 273-9145 

~ 
- . 

SAN DIEGO 
6335 EI Cajon Blvd. 
San Diego. Calif. 92115 
(714) 582·9725 

439 au "'MIl llun \ "ICrs .... u 1I1tD •• IID 100' 

EL CAJON 
173 Fletcher Pkwy. 
Parkway Plaza 
EI Cajon, Calif. 92020 
(714) 440·9907 

79 
FOR All 6.98 LIST 
DOMESTIC ALBUMS All't:II:':'ss:lS.I:tSMlMS :: ~:IDI~'I~~I. I~~II~I;(:~~" 
AND MOST ENGLlSn,. ______ I'_t _·,OII ... _..;",;"oI_" .. DI_ . ... IIO ... II ... IIII_ . ... 1 ... 14 ... ' ____ ....;.;..;... 
IMPORT ALBUMS 
IOU. Tlun PI.(( '-4 .•• , 

FOR MOST 
OTHER IMPOR TS 

CHULA VtSTA 
485 Fifth Avenue 
Chula Vista, Calif. 92010 
(714) 422·9514 

ELTON 
JOHN 

ALL OF ELTON' S 
GREAT ALBUMS 
ON SUPERIOR 

IMPORTED ENGLISH 379 PER DISC 
IIW" 11l1li11 -CO", SMlIIII" 
loCUli" I 1111 IUUS, A.I 
StillS '11M 1111"" I " 

PRES 

CARLSBAD 
Plaza EI Camino Real 
2525 EI Camino Real 
Carlsbad, Calif. 92008 (714) 729·9811 

Hill OIAMO.1 "SOLI 'Oll I I 1 
10TH All 111111 WITH IDIS Of I :. 

IIO.'S Olllla. SIllI", SI",S 

! 'AN DIEGO 
Su ite I 
4344 Convoy Slreet 
San Di,lgo, Calif. 92111 
(714) 560·6161 Office 
(714) 279·9896 Store 

Page 7 Triton Time Wednesd.ay, Febru.ary 19, 1975 



,...--......--..... i------------..-----~what's happening--
notices 

VOCATIONAL NJ"EREST SUAVEYS: 
COU .... lng for ",_8.Iora ond ca,..ra. 
Mon 4-1, Tu. 2-8, .., H.L J.nnl 
Mu".y, Acting Cot.... Dan, Hugh 
, .... , Ph.-D. (31141 

IV( CLINIC: Counooling on "xuol 
'robl.m.. W.d. 3-1 pm; A.v.llo 
Cou ........ OffIce (next to the Rev. 
'rovoot 0ffIc0I. Judith Joreer-n, 
M.D.-Hugh P .... Ph.D. (3/141 

SKI HEAVENLY AUEY Mer. D-211 
(Quonor b,..kl 1 11ft tlckou, 1 nit. 
lodging - ".10. On .... .t Stud.nt 
C.nt., M-F, I· 11, 12-1 Of call .. ,317 
.2171 

Writing Tutora For F.II '7ti: Int .... ted 
ltud.nte Ihould .pply now for 'od-
minion to lIto .. tu .. Gono .. 1 1M. Tho 
Tachlng of Writing. 'Pring qu.rtor. 
Thll II now • p .. ,.quilit. for tutora. 
who mUlt hn. 3.0 GPA; upp.r dlvilion 
ltotUI (M unltel by S.pt. 197ti; ond 
WRITING ABILITY. Com. to 1254 H-L or 
coli x2I22 to .pply .nd pickup coura. 
d'lcription. (212111 

Cont.mporory lelu.. 20 THE 
WILDERNESSAn Introductory m .. tlng 
with tho dl.cuulon I •• d.ra F.b 18th. 
Wed 7:30 pm. Motth0w8 C.mpuI, 
rm.201 . All thOle Int_t.d In teklng 
C.I. 20 .pring qu.rt.,. P ...... tt.nd. If 
you .,. Int.reated .nd connot att.nd. 
chock It out ot tho C.I. offlc. H&SS 21015 
11/111 

A.gl.tretion peck.to fOr Spring Qu.rt.r 
will be IOftt to continuing .tudento on 
Fob. 12. Studontl who do not recelv. 
peckOU by Feb. 11. go to Regletror-MC 
101/2117) 

Tho Spring ~cnedul. of C"_ will be 
evollabl. on Feb 1 • . Stud.nto can pick 
up • copy et the Book.to,. or the 
Sundry Store for 11 c _ 121111 

Subl.ct A R.qulr.d : Any un-
dorg .. du.t. for whom SubJoct A II 
required .nd who I. not curr.ntly 
.nroll.d In Lit-Eng 10. Communlc.tlonl 
10 or Fourth CoIleg. 10 Ihould .n,0I1 In 
lit-Eng 10 for Spring qu.rt.r 0, ... 
Ad.1a K.rllner In 1254 H-L .bout 
.. tl.fylng tho reQul,.m.nt. (Z!al 

M.1a A .. ldont Volunteera NHdod: If 
YOU 0,. • _.maker. m.I. dorm 
.... d.nt, non-diabetic with no kidney 
problem •• nd you 0,. wllHng to IUbjoct 
youraolf to: 111 Undervo • completo 
phy.lcal flt_ ... m ond (21 Ex.re'" 
for 1 hOur for opprox. 4 d.p • week 
during Spring Qtr. from 4-Ipm---thon 
call Dlano D.nn, Subloctl' CoordlnotOf 
Ext. 403Z. 1Jt211 

4th Collog. Spon.oring 0 c.mpu.-wldo 
boot crul •• ; noxt Fridoy F.b 21 10:00 pm 
- 1:00 om ot S.n DI.go Horbor. M •• t In 
tho R.v.II. Porklng lot to or .. nge 
tronlPortotlon. Tlck.tl on 101. 
beginning Tu ... F.b 18th It noon for 
$2.86. All Stud.nte Invlt.d - lIv. Bond. 
& Fr •• Bever.g .. (~I 

BURROUGHS CORPORATION on 
c.mpul Frldoy. Fob.21. Int.rvl.wing fOf 
Progromm.r (Ioftwor. IYlt.mll ond 
Engln •• r. S .. kl BA-MS in Informltion 
.nd Computing Scionc'l. Furth.r info 
ond epptl. ot C.r .. r PI.nnlng. 302 MC. 
11/211 

Und.rgr.dl int.reet.d in exhibiting 
tholr Iculptu,. INv. nom. & numb.r ot 
the VII Artl dept. no n •• d to f .. r 
crltlc.' ...... m.nt. .11 work il 
w.lcomed. (~I 

NORTHROP COAPORATION will be 
Interviewing on campul Thuradoy. 
Feb.2O. Se.kl BAl MS in AMES. 
PhYllcl . I nformotlon Sci.nc. fOr 
..... rch .nd dovo!opm.nt pOlltlonl In 
Anoh.lm. CA. Mo,. Info ond .pptl. ot 
C .... r Planning, MC 302. ('1111 

Com. to .n Aecanded MOIt.r Con-
f.r.nc. Fob Z2-2J .., 11th Av. Son 
Fronclaco. Aleo M.reh 2 In Son DI.go. 
7li5-2m1 (1/111 

lectures 

Herbert Morcu .. will ..... k et • pm In 
the R.vell. C.fet"" on Mondoy Fob 
:Nth "Critlqu. of Cepltoll.m Tod.y" 
ond Mondoy M.rch 3rd "Tho Socl.I"t 
Aitornetlvo" (21241 

Prof. Stonford P.nner will .pe.k to tho 
Int.rnetlonol Club on Thur.d.y. 
Fobruory 20th. ot 7:30 p.m. ot the In-
t.rnotlon.I C.ntor on " En.rgy Policy 
and En.rgy Ind.p.nd.nc.... Public. 
invlt.d. (1/'111 
Pr.m.dll - Dr. Percy Ru ... II. A"lltllnt 
D.en of Admiulons at UCSD M.dlcal 
.chool. will be gillinga tolk On Rev.lle'. 
favorite topic on Thurs.. F.b.20 et 8 
P.M. in tha R·evell. Caf.t.ria. QU.ltion. 
and anlwers following. (.ponsor.d by 
Ravall. Progrom Boardl (2/111 

meetings 

ASIAN - AMERICAN STUDENT 
ALLIANCE mtg. 1:30 pm-7:30 pm ot tho 
Informol Loung. Thurad.y. Topic.: 
Agb.yanl VIII.ga Trip. S .D.P.P.C .• 
MSA DGs. .nd ony othor .n-
nounc.m.nte. (21110 

Surf club m •• tlng Thurad.y 2 20 7:30 
p.m. in room 1110 of 2C. Tall cool 
refra.hm.nte fOr .11. 12/111 

M.n .nd Wom.n'l Ski t .. m - will moot 
Thurs. F.b 20 at 7:00 pm in the BI.lc. 
Conf.ronc. Room. (2/111 

SOCIOLOGY UNDERGRADUATES -
Focuhy-etudont coH.. hour Wed Feb 
11. 2:30-4:30 '.M. In "" HaSS. In-
form.tlon on 'Pring qu.rter c ....... 
new c ....... It .chodul. chonga will 
be .v.llabl • . Coff .. a Doughnuto. (2 111 

PAEMEDICAL AND PAEDENTAL 
STUDENTS: Fridoy. Fob 21. 1:30 to 7:00 
p.m. In 21110 lSI for .11 promedlcol ond 
prod.ntel ltudentl who 0" plonntng to 
apply to prof_lonei .choolo thl. 
comlng.umm ... 1Z/'l11 

The,. will be e meeting of tho Com-
mlulon on Law Enfo,cem.nt & Soclel 
JUltlc. thll Wed 7PM ot tho Stud. 
Cant.,. (2/111 

ATTENTION FOURTH STUDENTS 
Ther. will be a ma.ting of the 
Gove,nm.nt T .. k Force Thursdoy .t 
7:110 in the Beegl. lounge. W. will 
dl.cu •• the final d,eft for tha coll.ge 
gOllernment. 

Campus Program Board Me.tlng 
Tonight 7:30 at Th. Student Cent.r (2 
191 

AMES Engineering Club - AIAA 
Student Chapt.r jOint ma.ting will be; 
Wed F.b.1. ot 7:00 PM in HSS 1101. 
Ther. will b. .p.ak... from Air 
R .... 'ch Corp. (2/111 

HORSE!8ACKRIDING CLUB--Thor. will 
be e mooting WedftOldey. F.b " It 4:00 
P ..... bring dun fo, the y •• r-1.00$-We 
will pl.n naxt rid • . All Welcom • . ("" 

Org.nlc Ge,d.nlng Society w. noed 
help for spring pl.ntlng. Mooting 
Brown B.g Aoom Th 20th 4:30pm 12 111 

Trid.nt Chriltlen F.llow.hlp mHtl 
tonight at 7:30 in the Rev.II. Formol 
Loung • . ev.ryone Welcom.I(2/l11 

FANTASY a SCIENCE FICTION CLUI 
meeting todoy. TOpic: "AMlog •• nd tho 
oth.re". Meeting from 4-1 In tho loun" 
conf.r.nc. room. atudent contor. 11/111 

Stud.nt Commltteo to k.ep KI.lnberg: 
A meeting to plan. unified .tot.gy for 
etudont .ctlon. Fridoy Fob.21, &pm, 
Muir TV Loun ... Furthor Info: ..... 
12/111 

the arts 

Poetry reoding. Wed. F.b.19,. Op.n 
r.ading. Stdt. Cntr. Lng .. 4 pm (2/111 

Tonight it's Bruce MacDon.ld. pleylng 
at the Rellelle Sid. Door. 8:30 to 11 pm. 
(Don' t fOrget - hoot night. on Monday 
nights. Come and .ntertain the crowd., 
(21111 

Wed . Feb .'9 " Brattain on S.mi-
Conductor PhysicI" 127104 U r.y Hall (2 
191 

" REED : INSURGENT MEXICO" 
Wedn .. d.y. Feb.19th 7:30 p.m. HSS 
22IiO (Muirl Admi .. ion:.' Sponlor.d by 
EI Chimborazo (21111 

W.dnudoy: 
7 PM - Fr.nch fll",mok., J .. n-Pl.rre 
Gorin will Introduco two mOVlea by 
G.rm.n director Werner Schroetar. 
"",.rla ",.IIIuen" and "NetHNJe. " 
DI.cu .. ion of movl ... ft., Icroonlng 
with GOrin. 

Thuradoy 
4 PM - 2 movlo. by Georg R.denowlcz. 
DI.cuulon of movl.. will follow 
.croonlng. 
• PM - Wernor Sch,oe .. r'. "S.lom • . " A 
dl.cuulon with tho director will follow 
tho Icroonlng. 
All In Hum. lib. Art GoII.ry. /21111 

-----------...-----------------advertisements for ourselves'---
for sale 

Good old furnltu,. . Chelrs, tobl ... 
curtalnl, refrl g.r.tor. matt,as • • 
Fremed plctur ••. Rug,. Dleh ••• Oxyg.n 
mOlk, more. Ch .. p pric.. cle .. lc 
quality. Also '64 Ch.vVan. new tran •• 
cerp.t, panel. 18mpg. n •• dl body work; 
com. and te.t drlv • . 756-2333. (2/191 

T.x. Inltrumante SR-50·I. we can be.t 
any I.td pric • . QUICK d.llv.ry. 2 yr. 
guarent ••. B.rt 462-9148 (31141 

68 Honde 350. el.nt condo $460.00 or 
be.t off.r. Rob 463-9343 (2/171 

6 string Ovation w -ca .. Excellent tone 
and action $325.00 Monty 461-169912121) 

Mak. 8-treck top •• : Thr .. month-old 
Pion .. r HR-" ploy.r/r.cord.r r.tell. 
for .'70.00. MAKE ANY OFFER. 463-8387 
or462-9360. Fronk. (2/241 • 

' LED ZEPPELIN CONCERT: B .. t a.eil 
for all .how. - San Di.go. Long B.ach 
and Forum. 418-3146 (3/121 

' ff7 Ch.vy Caprice good .nglno; good 
tron.portatlon. Mu.t .. II. $300 or b .. t 
off.,4311-6697. 12/211 

Jethro Tull Wal Child Record Album. 
Unop.ned - M.(J)T."I 462-9758. (2/111 

VW spar. tire ... ith whe.1 166-15 radial. 
good condition 1.18. St.v. 463-9369121111 

POTTERY: Plarlera, coffee and b.e, 
mugl plat ... b',wls. etc. at whol.lale 
pric ... S .. H., ;_ APM. (2A'1 463-_ 
()'211 

Ba.t Color TV con.ul. yet for .. le i 
Relocating to E .. t Co.st. will .ell w ith 
new warrantee .wlv.ls & rod extra too. 
of eorphon. jack for lote night (don' t 
bother your friand.) Ii.tenlngl Danl.h 
Ity" & mad. of real. honest. b.autiful 
WOOd. Call Mr. Thy .. 11 for .ppointment 
& P ..... 2Jl..7231 0, 436.2225. Day. 
only. I-Spm (e.c.pt 12-1:301 (p2/I11 

Imperiol W .. h.r & Dryor (Electricl4 Yfl 
old H.rdly .v.r uled. .xcellent con-
dition youra for .,50 272-7934/7/241 

Led Zepplin tickete 436-6944 after 5. Pat 
(2/111 

Kn.e boerd w -Ieash, regulotor. U.S . 
diverl OctOPUI. M .. kl. Rocket finl. 
spere jet fin. weight belt O' Nall long 
johns. M.rk 463-7014 (2hll 

1969 D.tlun 2000, 5 Ipeed. h.rdtop. 
tonneau cover. new tlrel. Xl mpg -
$1"" deya 462-3&80 ev ... Xl1 -7046 (1)2 
191 

71 Moto-Guzzl 750cc .. Felrlng. rack, 
20.000 mi.. meticuioul maintenance. 
Must .. II, will bargain 298-5124 or 294-
8111 . page Dr. Arsham (p2J211 

Ele,ctric typewriter - M6.00 463-4100 
ext210 betwe.n 9:00 am - 5:00 pm M-F 
(2/111 

Bo.e 901 Typ. Sp .. k.rs FOr lal.: .325 -
279-1830 (2111 

personals 

Kim. Your dr.ams may alwaYI mYltify 
me (Strangell . but your beautiful amile 
speaks a thousand word I . From one 
non-dutral to another. Happy Bel.ted 
Vale",illu~ Dey' lowe. Craig P.S . - St lY 
clear of dying b.elr (2119) 

Tholia. My love for you mUlt flourish I.E 
Triton Times Volume 24 Nov 18 Help. 
seve my heart Larry 469-4711(21111 

Rod Cath-: Happy Val.ntin .. Birthdey. 
You will alway. be a Iw •• th.ort. (2/1" 

KK & lCM So you·r. both out of 
money - nothing to .et. Iln't It e 
scream. a blast? Rick . I2ftIl 

Pille 8 Triton Times WednesdillY, Februillry 19,1'75 

Naked Lody. I'd nevar know it'. your 
Birthdoy. Happy 21 ·.t. .. Gol Lova. Crazy 
Ziggy RainbOW (2/191 ' 

From one Trek .ho. to the other. 
Something w .. ml .. lng Thurld.y 
night. neller knew how much I'd mi .. 
ya until yOu weren' t there. I' m glad you 
got away. went home and drank the 
wine. thinking of you, Signad - worn 
tenni •• hoel (2/111 

ULCS. There'. something waiting for 
you on the fifth floor of Mayer Hall. 
" AA". " MTT". " LL" (2/111 

511 - Roses are red Violets are blu. 
Sugar is sweet and so are youl Thank. 
for the flowers thay're gorgeous JL & 
Friend (2/111 

" Hey boy.. is nooky some kind of 
cut?". Cookie and lola (21111 

Proverb: He who 100 .. 1 hi. girlfriend' s 
key. gets no newk.y. The BOYI121111 

Butch - I love you I Taffy (11111 

Bett.r late than n.ver, Cherries .r. for 
the 22nd. but Ch.rry is for m. tod.y. 
TUrk. (2/111 

Beautiful eyea. I'm going to mak • . 
myself a pig oller youl Cindy (21111 

. 

services 

RESEARCH AIDS - Conodo·. larg .. t 
l.rYlC • . For c.te'ogu ••• nd $2 to: E ... y 
Sorvlcae. 117 Spedlno Av... No. _, 
Toronto, Canoclo. Compua rop..-n-
totlvoe f04IUIred. , ..... writ • . 11111 

" HOW TO GET INTO GRAD SCHOOL" -
By UCSD grad studentl. Send .3 to: 
P.H.D.-G .• Box n. Rt. , Del Mar 92014. 
(2/111 

TYPIST. Fait. Very low rat... Call 
Rachel at 463-9X12. (2/211 

TYPISTS : IBM -Term pepar/ 
th .... 1 dl .. ertatlonl/.tc. 
Edltlng/RUSH JOBS/X.rox. Andl: 463-
0IIII (3/141 

Incom. Tox - Dilcount .tudante. ltoff. 
facul~7IIl5-822IIaft.' 4 pm (4/141 

housing 

Roommatawanted immedlot.'y. Own 
room. V.ry clo" to UCSD. Only 
""month. Quiet. pool. 462 .... (2/:N1 

.. fo, own room. G.n ..... HIghl.nd • . 
Seva g.a. pool. dl.hwo.ho,. bu.. Coli 
4l3-13li2. Keep trying (2/111 

Playmor 3 IR, 3 BA Townhou .. like 
new. Brick petlo. Portlally fum In-
cluding now ,.frig.,.tor. 412-21. - 222-
2322. (p2/21 I 

~.mal. roummot. need.d for SPRING 
qu.rt.r to .her. beautiful hou •• In Del 
Mar. 7115-8148. (2/2141 

Fantastic B.ach HOUle. R.nting two 
bedroom • . F.malal only. Rainbow: 713-
:mo. (P 2/111 

Famal. Roommet. N •• d.d starting 
March 1.t - Apt. 2 bdr. No Pet. Non-
Smoker'" mo. Sh.ri 453-1111'12 111 

M/roommat. want.d for 2-bedroom 
apt. et l.J. Village .tortlng Morch , (., 
utllitl .. ' . aft ... - 412-ao:J (2 / 111 

N •• d Femal. Hou .. met.: Dal M.r. 
Small Room in I.rgo hou •• MO. 7!i6-
1423. (2/191 

lost and found 

Lo.t: Union 71 credit cord. Can't offord 
to poy---g.. billil 222...... 582-2772 
REWARDI (2 / 111 

LOST: Man's watch in M.n·. Lock.r 
Room. Red diol. Make: Jul .. Racin • . 
462-1612 Reed (2 / 111 

LOST: W-2 form in wet.rgata book 
probobly betw .. n HL and Gym. Xl4-
5201 or 481-7140. Reward. (2/111 

travel 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL, ORIENT. Low pric .. - long .nd 
.hort fIIghti . IImlt.d .pace. 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL ,. 
W .. twood Blvd. LA. 100M (2131171-1121 
or 477-1112.1"'" 

EUAOPE-ISRAEL-AFRICA-ORIENT. 
Stud.nt fNghta yar round. Contoct 
ISCA. 11117 S.n Vlncento Blvd. No. 4. 
LA. C.llf. 1OO4t. T .. : 12131 ~ .... 
0IIII. IP 3/141 

SSW T .. II.I Offlc. - ON CAMPUs.. 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'l Studant ID, Euroll. Hoet .. Co". 
Tripping Moguin.. atc . UCSD In-
tarnetlonel C.ntar 4I2-GaO 11 am" pm 
M.W.F: ONLY Cloeed Tu.Thura. (P 
3/141 


