
Assemblyma" Bill Crave" 0" Revelle plaza 

Craven Says Assembly 
Looking at ''Fee Funds" 

by Mark Stadler 
Community Editor 

Two California Assemblymen are conducting a "survey" on the use 
of mandatory fees at University of California and State University 
campuses, Assmblyman William Craven (R-San Diego) said last Friday 
on the Revelle Plaza . Craven, calling for "an accounting" of mandatory 
fee funds, identified the Assemblymen as Thomas Bane (D-Los 
Angeles) and Robert Burks (R-Orange). 

Craven, the 76th District Assemblyman, was speaking before a sparse 
and scattered crowd as part of the referendum campaign waged by the 
Students for Voluntary Action (SVA). Craven, a conservative, was 
speaking in favor of voluntary fees . 

"Not an expert" 
Saying he was "not an expert" on the subject of student fees, Craven 

aid voluntary fees are the equitable way of handling the problem. He 
said if students were really interested in an activity or organization 
they would support it. 

Craven compared mandatory fees to collective bargarning for 
teachers, which he also opposes. He asserted that just as all teachers 
should not be forced to join a unIon, students should not have 
mandatory fees. 

SVA leader Tom Tanana gave Craven an SVA statement on Student 
Cooperative expenditures which the North San Diego legislator said 
tended to show "a selectivity" in the Coop's allocation of funds . 

Subject A Requirement 
Topic at Budget Hearing 

by Maura Dolan 
Suremento CorNePondent 

Assembly Majority Leader Howard I;lerman (D-Sh~rman Oaks) last 
week in a UC budget hearing said he believes high schools that award 
diplomas to students who can't write should be penalized, not the 
students . 

Berman, in the Assembly Ways and Means subcommittee on 
education Tuesday, said that high schools shou ld pay the $90 cost of 
ubject A for their graduates required at the University to take the 

(,Our e. 
The state and Subject A,students currently each pay half the cost of 

the program, commonly known as " Bonehead English ." 
" If the rationale behind the program is to penalize," Berman said, 

" then I feel the persons responsible in the high schools should cover • 
the cost." -

Berman said requiriQg high schools to pay $90 for each of their 
graduates who take the course at the University may act as an in-
centive to secondary schools to improve their instruction. 

The subcommittee voted to recommend the alternative funding to 
the full committee. 

Krist Lane, a consultant to the committee, said the procedure for the 
proposed funding has not yet been decided, but he added that he 
thought the state would probably reduce its funds to the high schools 
and the State Controller would then reimburse the University. 

A spokesman for the state Department of Finance said that tapping 
the state's funds to high school districts would " administratively be a 
nightmare." 

" I don't think it stands a chance," he said. " It's unreasonable to 
attack high schools that way." 

He aid the proposed funding would hurt the poor school districts 
and leave the rich schools untouched. 

The California Constitution, he said, requires the state to fund school 
districts a minimum flat amount. The rich districts, which collect large 
local tax revenues, usually receive only the minimum amount whereas 
the pOOr districts receive a high proporation of state funds, he said. 

He said that under the proposal the state would be prevented from 
reducing the minimum funds for rich districts, but could substantially 
reduce funds for the poorer schools. 

Assemblyman Wadie Deddeh (D-Chula Vista) said that as a former 
t acher he felt that high schools weren't olely responsible for their 
graduates' writing problems. 

The problem, he said, can be traced back to the junior high and 
elementary schools and .,en to the parents 

.UC Student lobbyist Jeffrey Hamerling In a letter to the committee 
saId that a high percentage of students required to take SubJect A are 

Continued on Pale 3 

Two More Announce for 
San Diego Mayoral Race 

Two more candidates have 
entered the upcomi ng San Diego 
mayoral primaries, to be held in 
September, and one says he plans 
to challenge the $600 filing fee in 
the courts . 

Freelance writer Dr.John Kelley 
feels the fee is "exorbitant, highly 
discriminatory" and keeps the 
candidates with limited financial 
resources from running for office. 
In 1973, when Kelley ran for San 
Diego College Board, he gained a 
Superior Court ruling waiving the 
filing fee . 

The other candidate, Mary 
Christian Heisi ng, is leader of San 
Diego's National Women's 
political caucus and has been 
active in city politics for many 
years. 

Commendation of Isreal 

Kelley, in his candidacy an-
nouncement, said he is in 
agreement with Mayor Pete 
Wilson on many major issues, in 
particular Wilson's support of 
Israel. In fac t Kelley stated one of 

New "Lit and Society" 
Major 1st in Nation 

by Gerry Kantor 
SUlff Write! 

A "Literature and Society" major program has been created for the 
specialized study of third world literatures by the Third World Studies 
department in <.Ooperation with the literature departments of Revelle 
and Muir. I t is the first such program in the nation. 

The major was created, according to Shirley Williams, assistant 
professor and coordinator of the program's planning committee, 
because of the inadequacy of tradItional critical analysis to deal with 
the more recent th ird world literatures 

More Adequate Approaches 
Although Revelle and Muir have previously offered courses of thIrd 

world literatures, the Literature and Society program is concerned with 
the development of new approaches of study more adequate to grasp 
third world literatures within ~the perspective of their social-cultural 
context, a necessity if they are to be understood properly and in their 
own terms . , 

Requirements for the major will include strJdies in complimentary 
disciplines such as history, ,sociology and anthropology, for an un-
derstanding of the cultural background, and the study of a foreign 
language, such as French for Caribbean literature. 

The program now includes Assistant Literature Professor Shirley 
Williams, specializing in Afro-American literature; Assistant literature 
Professor Rosaura Sanchez, Acting Assistant literature Professor Juan 
Rodriquez , literature Professor Carlos Blanco Aguinaga, and literature 
Professor Diego Catalan, all specializing in Spanish literature, 
literature Department chairman Joseph Sommers, specializing in Latin 
American I iterature, and literature Professor Frederic Jameson con-
centrating on Carribean literature. 

his first acts as Mayor would be to 
introduce a resolution in the City 
Council commending Isreal "for 
its sterling and heroic stand in 
defense of its integrity and 
survival as a nation ." 

As Mayor, Kelley said he would 
call for "pragmatic measures.. . to 
halt spiraling consumer prices," 
and have the city set an example 
for San Diegans in reduction in 
water, noise and air pollution . 

In her announcement Heising 
compared mayoral candidate 
Councilman lee Hubbard and 
Mayor W ilson to "Tweedle Dee 
and Tweedle Dum" and said she 
would offer San Diego a "choice 
and not an echo." She went on to 
say her philosophy differed from 
Hubbard and Wilson's on 
"practically all issues," from 
growth control to the location of 
the airport. 

Heising claimed that while 
Wi Ison "sings a good song on 
controlled growth and open 
space" his votes have actually 
been negatIve on the Issues. 
Heising SI id that while he is "not 
against growth" she wants to 
" maintain the things that make 
San Diego so desireable." 

On the issue of the lOner city 
renewal Heising called for low 
cost housing for both senior 
citizens and lower income 
families . She said that "every 
effort should be made right now" 
to replace sub-sta ndard housing 
with new low cost housi ng. 

Heising said the airport should 
not be moved : " Hundreds of 
millions of dollars would be spent 
on airport development creating 
countless problems for Otay 
Mesa or the North County." 

Heising has tried three times 
for pubhc office in the past, the 
latest being for State Board of 
Equalization last year. She hC!s 
been unsuccessful all three times. 

Post Reporter Woodward to Speak 

Bob II' oot/wartl 

Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward, who 
with fellow reporter Carl Bernstein uncovered 
most of the Watergate story, will speak at the 
Mandeville Auditorium tomorrow at 8 pm on 
" Investigative Journalism ." Woodward and 
B rnstein chronicled the story behind their 
Watergate reporting in their best seller "AII the 
President's Men." 

Woodward , along with Bernstein , doing 
"basically police reporting," first reported that the 
Watergate incident had been linked to a " massive 
campaign of political pying and espionage" 
directed by Republ ican officials against high 
ranking Democrats . Bernstein and Woodward also 
wrote the stories eventually connecting White 
House officials and memb r5 of the Committee to 
Re-Elect the President to the candal. 

Pulitzer Prize 

Woodward's career had bt'en at a standstill at 
the time of the Watergate b -eak-in. A colleague 
has been quoted as saying Woodward "couldn't 
write his way out of a wet paper bag." He and 
Bernst in tarted on the Watergate tory three 

' days after the break-in nf tha n-smty<mi,. !"~rt'I, 
office . As a re ult of their Watergate coverage the 
two reporter won every major 197 .. journalism 
award and were mentioned In the Pulitzer t'riLe 
gIven to the Wa hington Po t that year 

Ticket for th vent, whi h is pon ored by tt-
MUIr College Council, ar avaIlable at the UCSD 

tud nt C nter bo office for S2 00 for the gen ral 
publl and S1 00 for tudents 



JrA ..... 'fI E. Simoal JuneaG. Soto 

Prop I : Maintain the Fee 
The Campus Activity is not, as some have maintained, a tax. It 

does nothing to insure the proper functioning of the University --
that is, in terms of garbage collection, grounds maintainance, or 
perhaps funding a chamber of commerce. 

The fee does, however, provide a number of activities, most of 
which are properly educational, that would not be provided to the 
same extent otherwise. And it funds such a large range of ac-
tivities -- from political organizations to recreational clubs to 
subsidiary journals -- that the majority of students here likely 
benefit in some way from the fee. 

Indeed, the fee, now the lowest in the UC system, is often not 
sufficient to fund all the programs organizations want to offer --
money is often solicited form others sources, anyway. We fed the 
result would be disasterous if all org~izations suddenly were 
dependent on the benevolence of the individual stUdent. 

Our support of the fee does not indicate complete suppon of the 
way it is allocated. But a future discussion of the allocation 
processes would be academic were the body of money available to 
disappear . 

The Triton Times, therefore, recommends a vote (0 maintain the 
Campus Activity Fee. 

Prop II: Gobbledygook 
Gobbledygook. That 's what we find the issues surrounding the 

Coop proposition on the upcoming referendum to be. The debate 
has come (0 include so many personalities, special interests, and 
ideological conflicts that we have realized the referendum is 
simply another gaseous cloud obscuring our communication. 
There is simply no focus of attention or controversy upon which to 
fIX an examination of intent or referendum impact. 

We have decided, therefore, (0 sim'ply point out what we con-
sider to be some of the more pertinent Issues without making a yes 
or no recommendation: 

,The Coop does not claim, and has never claimed, to represent 
the student body at large. Indeed, it has not tried to represent 
interests of the uninvolved UCSD student. Should it have tried? 
Should such representation exist? ' 

,The Coop does claim to represent the interests and intentions 
of the members present, and as such is a body that encourages, 
and indeed will not function without, advocacy of some sort . The 
Coop has spawned the first organized and persistent activism that 
has occured here since the early 1970s. However, the Coop has 
taken stands that have been interpreted by some outside UCSD as 
the Will of the Students, and, with a yes vote, would be interpreted 
so properly . Those who do not subscribe to those positions must 
decide if they should become official. 

,The referendum is not concerned with individuals, though 
many of the issues that surround the Coop deb.ate are ~enerated by 
individuals, and often their immaturity and ineffectiveness. One 
must decide whether support of the Coop idea is a license to these 
individuals, or a license that the rules and procedures of the Coop 
may continue to be ignored and abused . Does a no vote insure 
maturity and observance of procedure in any other governing body 
at UCSD? Is the structure of the Cool' .. one of Town Meeting-type 
democracy .. both worthy of maintalOing at UCSD, and separable 
from the individuals who presently practice it? 

In posing these questions, we have tried to remain impartial and 
to clarify the issues involved. None of the questions we have posed 
is easy to answer. At any rate, we have not been able to answer 
them . 

The one thing that is clear is that this proposition will demand 
more thoug~ t than has usually been devoted to UCSD elections. 
There is too much at stake for students who have worked 
conscientiously in the Coop, and too much at stake for the student 
body at larg.~ for even one vote to be cast in a cavalier manner. 

Shorts Without Comment 

(AP) - Presi~ent Ford recently made a campaign-style appearance 
in Bakersfield en route to the Navy's Elk Hills oil reserve and vowed 
that the natior's problems at home and abroad "ca n be solved; will 
be solved in t~e true American spi rit." 

• • • 

Billionaire industrialist Howard Hughes sought a continuation 
of the Vietnam war until he could recoup losses suffered by one of 
his companies that builds military helicopters , the Las Vegas Sun 
said . 

The newspaper said .it had "confirmed with two former ' Hughes 
aides that the billionaire wanted the war to go on tor his personal 
flnan<:ial interests ." 

Hughes' spokesmen could not be reached immediately for 
comment. 

Triton Tim .. April 21. 1975 

[ Coop-Fee Referendum Opinion 'I 
TIw Trilotl Titus off"..4 SPIlU 10 liJ. SIrIIk",s for VoIlI"l4rJ Actio" [SVAJ for response to the 

IT's '-'COIIIftUlltUIioti COlI""",,' IN C."'PIIS Aclitlity F.e. TiJ. SVA ~lnlltllfollows; 

We Must Eliminate Mandatory Fees 

The Triton Times should be 
commended on its fair and 
unbiased coverage this year of 
the Student Cooperative 
meetings. Although Students for 
Voluntary Action is sorry to see 
their endorsement to maintain 
the $18 per year mandatory 
campus activity fee, it should be 
noted that we respect their views 
and point to this article as still 
another one of their attempts to 
provide an open forum for the 
expression of all ideas. 

Fairness, openness, candor , 
and trust are essential ingredients 
to the smooth workings of a 
cooperative student government. 
It is especially important for the 
student government that ap-
propriates fees from students in 
order to operate. 

Our Coop government, 
however, has been plagued with 
examples of unfairness (It ex-
cludes 99.3 percent of the 
students from voting by making it 
mandatory for a student to sit 
through two of the last three 
Coop meetings before he can 
even be allowed to vote). The 
Coop has sponsored a spaghetti 
dinner complete with salad and a 
live band for themselves and 
made the vast number of ex-
cluded students mandatorily foot 
their bill. T/1is is not exactly an 
example of openness. 

Looking at the sample ballot 
the Coop sent out (using S400 of 
mandatory fee money to do it) 
makes it clear just how much 
candor is exhibited and just how 
much the students should trust 
the Coop. 

When the dean of student 
affairs (he's the one who 
supervises the Coop) tells a group 
of students that they need to get 
&40 signatures on a ballot to be 
voted on and when that group of 
students collects 25 percent more 
names than are required (right 
before finals), and when the 
administration then decides that 
they don't like the petition's 
wording (even though it's the 
same wording that was on the last 
student referendum ballot), and 
when the administration then 
uses Coop members to change 
the original wording to something 
entirely different from what it was 
originally (to a pro-Coop slant). 
this is a short-circuit in the 
democratic process . 

Just read your sample ballot. 
The original petition spoke of 
voluntary vs . mandatory fees. The 
administration's ballot wording 
speaks of eliminating or main-
taining the mandatory fee . Unless 
the student is astute enough to 
know thaI an elimination of the 
mandatory fee means an im'-
plementation of a voluntary fee, 
he or she is going to read it to 
mean that the c hoice is to either 
eliminate or maintain campus 
activities . 

And guess what line the Coop 
has used in its campaign! Scare 
tactics have been thrown at 
people telling them that without 
mandatory fees , life around 
UCSD will be dull. My question is, 
can it be any more dull than it 
already.is? 

If the mandatory fee were 
eliminated and a voluntary fee 
substituted in its place, the 
students would put the Coop in a 
situation where the COOP would 
have to make paying the fee 
worthwhile. They would have to 
work like crazy to provide the 
services the students need. They 
couldn't squander their money on 
"travel expenses," secretaries, or 

bookkeepers because students 
would then stop paying for such 
waste. 

Voluntary fees would support 
worthwhile activities that are 
wanted. Since students like to go 
to concerts, dances, parties, 
movies, and speakers, the Coop 
would provide these services so 
they could get students to pay 
their voluntary fees. Those who 
didn't pay would have to- pay at 
the door because if they didn't, 
they would be getting a free ride 
on other people's money. 

Minorities who can't afford to 
pay the fee they now mandatorily 
have to would have the option of 
not paying for it at all and could 
use the money toward other 
things they might want. 

Often, the argument comes up 

that a voluntary fee will see the 
collapse of all subsidiary journals. 
But it must first be asked, what 
purpose does any specific paper 
have? Does it provide a service? 
Does it fill a need? 

If no one sees the Zeek Sheet as 
something worth having around, 
no one will fund it. If people 
would like to see the Triton Tim" 
around, or the North Star, or 
Ujima, then they might indicate 
on one of the cards that comes in 
the registration packet' that they 
would like to see a couple dollars 
of their fee go to a specific 
journal. 

Thus, the students will get what 
they want with a voluntary fee . 
We must elimi nate mandatory 
fees . 

A Few Clarifications, 
Hypothetical Situations 

by Barbira Weintraub 
Member. Aclvl.ory Com mitt.. on Student Fee Progrllm. 

I have been reading letters and listening to rhetoric for the past two 
weeks, not wishing to become involved in the mud-slinging . Yet, I must 
get into the 'clarification act' prompted by a letter in the April 16 issue 
of the Triton Times 

Just as Monty Reed's letter may have obscured the real issue," Mike 
Ingrassia seems to have complet~ly lost the facts . First off, at least 
part of the "almost 800 people" who signed the nON-infamous petition 
did so 'because they wanted a referendum I Not all favored ' one "side" 
over the other. The petition' s wording was that the undersigned wished 
a campus-wide vote, not a voluntary fee or elimi nation of the Student 
Cooperative. 

Second, Mr. I ngrassia 's specific example of the tennis club is invalid. 
Or, at least he's yelling at the wrong people. This year's Budget 
Resource Group did not make a policy of excluding recreational clubs 
from funding . However, in the previous two years (under SliC and 
TUSC), any budget requests from recreational clubs for activity fee 
funding were forwarded to the Recreational Athletics Program. They 
operated under the assumption that the PE department, which 
received its funding from the registration fee had enough money to 
fund those recreational clubs that are in its department. 

This year, the Advisory Committee for the Student Fee Programs 
which recommends reg fee allocations to the chancellor used the ' 
Student Affairs Long Range Plan in the budgetary process. This 
document includes a section udner Recreational Athletics simply 
entitled, "Clubs .n (The Long Range Plan is available in the Student 
Organizations Offices from anyone who wishes to read it.) The PE 
Department requested a S1,289 increase over the 1974-75 budget for 
recreational clubs, an allocation the committee recommended to the 
Chancellor. Supposedly, then, the tennis club (along with other 
recreational clubs) is adequately funded . If Mr. Ingrassia or other 
students disagree, they should talk with someone in the PE Department 
firs t. 

Thirdly , the BRG - and incidently, the Coop - is not an eliti st 
organization, as hinted by Mr. Ingrassia. Anyone who wishes' to 
receive activity fee funding need only register as an official student 
organization. To do this, the club must have four people willing to sign 
an " Application for Registration of Student Organization" a single· 
page paper with lots of typing and few spaces to fill in . 

My fourth and last explanation/ clarification is a listing of probable, 
albeit hypothetical, situations, made on the basis of knowledge and 
experience. If the activity fee were to be eliminated and the Coop 
retained, chances are that the Coop would become the recognized and 
respected undergraduate deCision-making body on campus . 
(Remember here that the make-up of the Coop and its consequent 
opinions depend on who is involved. This is all very flexible .) If the 
activity fee were retained and the Coop eliminated, chances are that 
the Coop would remain an open forum for student opinions , 
grievances, and information exchange. The Reg Fee Committee, 
through which the activity fee now passes, would then be stuck with 
the fee . 

I t would therefore probably c.reate another student committee to 
allocate the fee. Unfortunately, this committee would not be chosen 
exclusively by the students as it now is . The other viewpoint, possible 
(but hopefully not prevailing) is that if the students can't take care of 
their own, they shouldn't have the money to allocate. As a student 
member of the committee, I sincerely believe the first choice to be 
more accurate, although, students can ill afford to lose what credence 
we now have in the un iversity . I f both the Coop and the activity fee are 
eliminated, we will have an open forum , but no money for programs, 
and no official voice for students in university and community ~ffairs . 

By action of the Election Board, we are no longer conSidering a 
voluntary fee .. By now, we have all heard the losses if the activity fee is 
eliminated . If, somehow, a voluntary fee IS instituted, the first 
programs funded would probably be those of administrative positions 
or programs split-funded! by activity and registfation fees . .. 

This means that the accounting support for student orga"izations, a 
position receiving half of its funding through the activity fee, would be 
maintained, and a second secretarial position for office support of 
student organizations would be eliminated . 

Continued on 'ate ] 

Apri121. 1975 Triton Time. Page 3 
Letters to. the Editor 

. 

If This is Education, We're in Trouble, 
The TT has been a grim toward learning to spell, punc- spaghetti reasoning . UCSD has 

amusement to me for .several tuate, and form English sentences become a microcosm of 
year~. I have been entertained by ("; .. if}~~ money is not come up Washington, D.C., where we can 
the front-page s~nal on the With, IS today's gem). I've see people getting into politics 
Student Cooperative; I have marvelled at the superior training before they learn to think or write 
watched ~he .authors ~f articles these same writers evidently get (or maybe instead). Seeing the 
take therr hrst, halting steps In bandstand rhetoric and trend in your paper has always 

A Deff De bele spoiled my lunch, but Thursday 1 erent ISa 1 Ity was the first time I've ever been scared by it. 
I n regard to all those letters you print about the disabled students on 

campus alii can say is "What about us?" Most of the letters you print 
come from or}e type of disabled person, no need to refer to what type 
they are . They all say the same thing, mainly "Pave way--here we 
come." Which I'm sure refers to the laying of cement all over the 
campus so that these people can get around the place. 

\;Veil, alii can still say is "what about us?" Have they forgotten that 
there just happens to be another group in this society that UCSD has 
absolutely no programs for? And do you know why there are no 
programs for us, those with hearingdifficulties?Well , I'll tall you why . It 
is because we simply cannot gain admission to the university . The 
administration will not allow any like me to-come in . As far as I know, I 
am the first with such difficulties to come to UCSD and to last without 
dropping out, since the day this school was built. The first with such 
difficulties who came here lasted for maybe a month or two and then 
dropped out because of the lack of programs such as notetaking and 
interl7etation. 

If UCSD is to see any more people of my type they had better 
awaken those fatassed administrators about our plight. 

Remember, getting people into this university is certainly more 
important than paving way so that they can get around this place . 

NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 

Clarifications e e e 
Continued from Page 2 

Next in line would be the Communications Board and the Arts and 
Lectures/Program Board, both split-funded . Again, though, we'd lose 
something . The $31,500 the BRG has allocated to next year's Program 
Board is an immense amount to match from i\ voluntary fee . In other 
words, chances are that the seemingly small a'mount of programming 
already on campus would decrease, not increase. Another guess is that 
the Communications Board's subsidiary journals would not receive 
fundi ng, just as the organizations and clubs would remain penniless . 

All of these hypothetical siuations seem rather dreary to me. I would 
rather not endorse one position over the other, although the evidence 
is clear enough. I am willing to speak to anyone about these issues, and 
can be reached through the student organizations offices . 

Subject A ... 
. . Continued from Paae 1 . 

minority students who are unfairly financially penalized because of 
their cultural backgrounds. 

Milton Von Damm, the director for the University's budget planning, 
said the proposed Subject A funding "makes sense." 

"The problem should be addres~ed at its proper point ," he said, "not 
after the students have already graduated ." 

Hamer ling said the lobby has considered other alternatives for 
fu nding the program, but found none to be practical. 

He said several people have suggested that University students 
required to take Subject A enroll concurrently in a community college. 

But he said scheduling courses at both a community college and the 
University would be difficult because community colleges operate on 
a semester system and the University operates on a quarter system . 

He said others have suggested that students not enroll in the 
University until they have completed their English requirements at a 
community college. . 

Hamerling said this requirement would drastically alter the number 
of freshman at the University and would unfairly deny admission to 
otherwise qualified applicants . 

College Graduates 
Why settle for an ordinary job when you can choose a 
challenging career? ·Qualify for a position as a . .. 

LAWYER'S ASSISTANT 
thtough an Intensive 12 week course offared by University 
of San Diego In cooperation with The National Center for 
Legal Training 

Specl.llzlng In one of the following field.: 
Co~ 
htMee,T_ 

encIWlIIe 
Pubic IIervIH I.8w 

Utl..-Ion 
R ... E_.te 

encIMort ..... _ 

AHIIc8tIona _ being ... -'*' 'or Summer, 1m. Fell. 1171 end 'prlne. 
mt. 

Fo, e frMlIrocItu,., write: 

University of Sen Diego 
L.wy .... A. .. I18nt Proglllm 
P.O. ham 
D ...... .... 
" .... PerIt 
.... DIeIO, CeI.IIZ111 

or 0111 714''''~ en M7 
Our rep_, .... will M M the UnI¥ereIty of Celifornle ..... DieeO on AcKtI 
30 'or InformMlen end I .. , .. "' •• 1. ContMt .... office 0' c_ entl PIec __ ...,.... 

On your letters page in that 
issue Steve Colman lists a number 
of "freedoms" (quotation marks 
his) which he believes would 
result from the abolition of 
mandatory activities fees and the 
Coop, among them the "freedom" 
not to have movies and concerts 
(quotation marks his) . He con-
cludes with , "If that's 'freedom', 
we're in trouble ." Mr. Coleman 
may prefer to have movies and 
concerts - I enjoy them myself -
but we're both better off if we 
have the choice of spending our 
money on groceries instead . Mr. 
Coleman sounds like of those 
people who is so certain he's 
found a worthy cause that he 
wants to spend my money on it as 
well as (or more than) his own. 
We have those people ;n 
Washington, too, and I'm already 
afraid- of them . It shakes me to 
see us training more in a 
University. If this is educaiton, 
we're in trouble. 

BRUCE HAMILTON 

The Triton Time. I. offlcleltv 
recognized a. a ltudent _pepe, 
by the CommunlClltlofil aoerd of 
UCSD. Publication .. on MondaIY1I. 
Wed""""" anti FrideYII durlne the 
,..uler Khool v .. , luc..,t on offlclel 
holld.v'" Edltorl.1 Ind buelne .. 
offlc" ... 10000ted In 117 alike Hell 
on the Revel .. Col .... campW. 

Letters to .... Editor .nd opinion 
colum... _ welcomed. All ... t.-
mlnl_ """'lei be typed on ... 
_ce 11M on non-cor ..... b .. peper. 
TIley .houlcl not DeMel thrM pe_ 
In "neth. The Triton Tim .. rMeI'V" 
.... ri.ht to edit lubml .. lolII bee._ 
of Ip.ce IImlt.tlon. or Itvla 
requlrem ...... 

Fo, editorial. CII" C -,.; fOr 
bull"". and edvertl .. manta. call 412-
,.. 

No Fees, Then No Activities 
IF THERE IS NO ACTIVITY FEE THERE WILL BE NO ACTIVITIES! It 

really is just that simple. Without an activity fee there will be no more 
student subsidiary journals - North Star, Prensa Popular, Ujima, 
Sometimes - and no more special projects - poetry journal (Helicon), 
creative writing journal (Manna), Calpirg Reports, Student Directory. 
All of these were funded by the Communications Board which is 
composed entirely of students ana is completely separat~ from the 
Coop. The Board also administers the Triton Times and KSDT, which 
are funded from Registration Fees only and are unaffected by any 
portion of the referendum . 

We students. the Communications Board, unanimously urge 
everyone to retain all the activities here at UCSD by retaining the 
activity fee . IF THERE IS NO ACTIVITY FEE THERE WILL BE NO AC-
TIVITIES. It really is just that simple. 

MIKE ELCAN 
CHAIRMAN, COMMUNICATIONS BOARD 

No Moral Right to Demand 
Mandatory Activity Fee 

The spring 1975 student 
referendum is nearly upon us, and 
I would now like to use this 
means to express my personal 
opinion on the matter, opinions 
which I nave endeavored to 
submerge and suppress whenever 
I have written a factual news 
article for this paper. I wish first 
to consider the matter of the 
Campus Activity Fee, since I feel 
that it is the more important and 
far-reaching of the two 
propositions on the ballot. 

Much of the discussion on ~his 
issue so far has centered on the 
question of what would be the 
effect on campus extracurricular 
activities if the mandatory fee 

were discontinued . Some persons 
have said that student activities 
would thrive as never before, 
while others have said that loss of 
the fee income would lead to a 
total collapse of all activities . 

Neither of these predictions 
seems very likely. The most 
probable result would be that 
those activities which are already 
financially self-suffiCient, or 
nearly so, would continue almost 
unperturbed ; others would 
survive in modified form by 
finding ways to raise their own 
money; and those remaining 
activities with only marginal 
support would be forced to 
disband . 

Reed's Views are Not the CSU's 
To me, such considerations are 

totally irrelevant to the fun-
damental issue, which I see as 
being a clearcut and straight-
forward ethical question . To 
those who support the mandatory 
fee, I say this : YOU HAVE NO 
MORAL RIGHT to demand that 
all students must pay to support 
activities that benefit only some 
of the students . 

In discussion with a number of students, I have become aware of the 
need to explain the fact that the individual opinions of any member of 
the Communications Student Union should not be construed as 
representing the views of the Union itself unless this is specifically 
stated to be the case . I bring this up due to tpe article (TT, April 9) 
concerning the free speech ilrea discussion. 

MONTGOMERY REED 

Tlae OCEAN 

Continued on Page 7 

at tAe Del Mar F.ir~roaDJ, 
Saturday a Sunday, Apri I 

Honk 
plus NOVA 

Saturday Nit., 8p.m. _ 
at Bi.~ Cro.),y H.II 

26 a 27, 10a.m. to M idnite 

Flash 
Cadillac 
and the CONTINENTAL KIDS 

Sunday Nit., 8 p.m. 
THE COUSTEAU SOCIETY PRESENTS: TOIl HortOl, Dirtctor of Special Projects 
FILII FESTIVAL: 3"a1low. of cOIItl1lllClUl oit~'1fI...-r f==Ar:..IC~~tll~f all . 
GIANT EXPOSITION: Dlvi", equlptMllt .... fboor .... hong glld'n. uottboord • . 
EXHIJITIONS PLUS: H-e ,lIdlnt. hot-air ballOOllI. lIulI9 fil •• 000.tratI01l. 

IUr' .nd dlvln, pho,..r."'" worll". Hoble H •• II COIIt.lt (R-(' alrpla".~) • 
'lid •• d I Me. INr'! 

Tite 8ahM ICadiliac WItHI. National Skateboard Chem ton Itlp-'~-=c>­
.". '500 '" ,r;It.! 

Flstival TicHts: only' 3 per day ("extra for conc.rts) ".. 
Avallolll. 0' all T/e"."011 outl.,.. Tu,"' • .,. Lo Joflo, 00.1. recorel., ,.,.... ,ecord., 

0.1 ... , Su,' S~.,. Po t . $."f SM,. 0.1. StI,f s,.." Pu,. FUll Su,fboorel., Seo". 
oltd 0/1 HI,,.,.,, .. , Stor.. for "'en. '. 



r 'delusions) 
• 

by Mark Stadler 
The Ameriun Hero - A Brief Look 

The American people's heroes have tradit iona lIy been their 
presidents. George Gallup's public opinion organization has been 
taking Most Admired Man polls since 1946, and in all but six of those 
years the most a.dmired man has been the President. 

Of course irs highly debatable that the Gallup poll accurately 
targets .Ame;ica's most admired people, much less her heroes with a 
questian like " What man, living today in any part ci the world, that 
you have heard or read about, do you most admire?N But it's all we 
have to go on, and besides, public opinion polls are a lot more ac-
curate than most people think. Polls have always been under a great 
deal ci criticism, but they generally have only a 2 percent margin of 
error. 

However, this is hardly the time or place to go off on a Hunter 
Thompsonian tangent on the legitimacy of polling, espeically with my 
limited knowledge on the subject. 

Anyway, according to Gallup, America's most admired man has 
been a president except in 1946, 47, 50, 51, 67 and &8. Only in the 
begiming of Truman's presidency, and in the years ci disillusionment 
over war, either Korean imd Vietnamese, was the President not most 
admired, or America's hero. In the first four nonpresidenlial years the 
American hero was a general - first MacArthur, then Eisenhower . In 
1967 and 68 a war-torn and divided America turned to a worn old 
favorite, Eisenhower. 

Triton Tim. 

Hypnotist Dean 
Will Perform 
April SO 

by Cr"iI Uchida 
St8ffWrltw 

Dr. Michael Dean, Ph.D ., "The 
World's Foremost Hypnotist," will 
perform in the Mandeville 
Auditorium on Wednesday night 
April 30. ,Sponsored by the 
Revelle Program Board, this event 
will mark the return of the "only 
hypnotist in show business with a 
Doctor of Philosophy Degree." 

Dean has appeared twice 
before at UC San Diego and each 
time has filled the Revelle 
Cafeteria to capacity. People 
were hanging from the rafters, 
standing on tables, and sitting on 
the floor to watch this "amazing" 
man perform. " He has broken 
show business records in prac-
tically every club in which he has 
appeared-at the Sahara and 
Thunderbird hotels in Las Vegas 
and at Harrah's clubs in Reno and 
Lake Tahoe." 

Continued on Page 7 

COOp 

by P .. tti Wolf 
c.rlclltor 

.\prO 21, 1975 

The Muir College Council has recommended the adoption of a 
yearlona writinl sequence to be included in the general education 
requirements. The plan, which will not 80 into effect until the 1976-77 
school year, was unamiously approved by the six faculty, six student 
committee. 

The action was take as a result of what Muir Provost John l. Stewart 
called "The low level of writing here, even by those who are exempt 
from Subject A." 

The sequence must now be approved by the Curriculum Review and 
Development Board. If given final approval it will be required of all 
new students; the sequence will not be retroactive. Currently, Fourth 
College maintains a two quarter writing requirement and Third requires 
its students to enroll in one quarter of composition. 

,The Muir Reporter 
Additional Problems 

An estimated 75 percent of incoming freshman at UCSD may be 
required to take Subject A since the minimum score for exemption has 
been raised from 550 to 600. The increased load will probably cause 
additional problems for lit. 10 classes, since the number of enrollees 
will be the largest ever. Provost Stewart summed up the problem by 
saying, " It's more than we can handle." 

No changes are anticipated in the Muir General Ed requirements for 
the next year. Stewart has indicated that the Curriculum Review and 
Development Board is attempting to "fine tune" the sequences. The 
Board and Stewart feel that, currently, the different classes of a ' 
sequellce have little to do with each other and that more cohesiveness 
is desireable: Increased communication between instructors of the 
t~ree quarters is peing sought. It is .hoped this action will benefit the 
students' learning experience and knowledge of a particular field . 

Next year Muir will commence a growth cutback and stabilization 
process aimed at a four to five year completion . The target enrollment 
figure is set at 2200; fall quarter's 1974 student population was 3175. 

There have been several consistent types on the list of American 
heroes. There are always at least one, if not two or three, religious 
figures. Up until 1965, there was always a scientist or doctor, like 
Einstein, Salk or Schweitzer. Winston Churchill was a huge favorite, 
never quite making it to the top, but always up there . From the year 
they started asking the question until the year he died, 1%5, Churchill 
was the top foreign man on the list. 

Housing, Inter-College Cooperation 
on Tonight's Agenda 

There have been few seasonal heroes on the list. For the most part 
the same people make it every year. The fair weather, or foul, 
depending on your point of view, heroes include Joe McCarthy in 1954, 
former Arkansas governor Orvall Faubus in 1958, Martin Luther King in 
1964 and 1965 and Gene McCarthy in 1968. 

A few explanations, or' rather, attempted explanations, seem 
obligatory. After all, it would seem unjounalistic to just throw out 
these facts without telling you what they mean . But that's my private 
delusion. To begin with, it seems fairly obvious that the bii\gest factor 
determing American heroes is media exposure. He who shows up most 
on the tube and in print traditionally scores highest on the Gallup polls. 
And then it follows that America's heroes would be presidents. They 
get the most media coverage, the most exposure. Their names are 
constantly before the public. 

An individual Congressman or Senator, on the other hand, hardly 
ever shows on the list, unless they do something spectacular like run 
for President or expose all the communists in the State Department. 
That would explain the periodic reappearance of 'names like Adlai 
Stevenson in the SO\ Hubert Humphrey in the 60 s, and Joe Mc-
Carthy's one-shot in 1954. 

Continued on Page 7 

~aroQ 
Jewelers 

GIFTS AND ANTIQUE'S 

STONE SETTlNG ENGRAVING 
DESIGNERS AND CRAFTSMEN 

ON-SITE JEWELRY MANUFACTURING 
& JEWELRY REPAIR 

FACILITIES 
CUSTOM DESIGNS AT MODERATE PRICES 

USING YOUR STONES OR OURS 
USING YOUR METALS OR OURS 

973 GRAND AVE., PACIFIC BEACH, CA. 
12:00 - 5,:00 MON. THRU SAT. 

by Richard Yep 
SUI" Writ .. 

Reports on the off-campus' 
housing situation, the ·Student 
Body President's Council (SBPCl, 
and the. Inter·College 
Cooperation will be subjects of 
discussion at this evening's 
Student Cooperative meeting. 

The Coop WIll vote to a'pprove 
graduate student Wayne 
Stromberg's report on how to 
improve the housing office. The 
Graduate Studies Department has 
sponsored Stromberg's report, 
which centers around recom-
mendations on the improvement 
of off-campus housing. 

Karen Steentofte, UCSD's SBPC 
representative, will deliver a 

From tune-up. to compl te 
rebuilds 
10 percent Student 
Discount with thl. card. 

BIRD ROCK. 
FOREIGN 

CAR 
REPAIR 

5631 La Joli. Blvd. 
La Jolla, Calif. 92037 

Phone 459-4556 

~ .. :t;.~ •• :t; ... ~":sw.t.:.t:!. ... .s:wA ... &"".s:w.s:wr'&""~A .... A .... .s:wA ... &""&""~ .... QEC~~DD!33~1 
.-,: •• ~ .. ,? ... ~ ... ~ .~ .. ~.:;'M. .................. ~.....,....",~....,. ... "...",...,. ... :r .................. ~ ... . ~ M.8!. 

~ U.C.S.D. A CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD presents ..... . 
a JOH~ HOUSEMAN's 

~J~ CI:r'V CENTER ACTING co. ~ ~ *. Saturday & Sunday APRIL 26 & 27 8pm 
A MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM a UCSD Student '2&13 General Admission '40(5 

tI!~Tickets Available: Student Center Box Office 452·4559 or 452·4()90 
"'.i: .. :.;w~~··· .. =S··iii ... .a;w.,.... .. " ....... a: .. ~ .............. :.:w.:-... w&W~~;w~'" ~~~a:a: 
.......... M~A~.A';e:.D'~ ..... M!?M~M •• !e~.,.M.I'MZI!r~.."M':I. 

in two performances of 
WSHE STOOPS TO CONQUER-

report on the recent SBPC 
meeting held in Irvine. 

Tad Sperry of the Inter..(ollege 
Cooperation will ask the Coop 
whether that body should be 
absorbed into the Internal Affairs 
Committee, and if Sperry himself 
should be replaced as the Coop 

representative to the 
Cooperation. 

The Election Board, which is 
ove rseein g the Student 
Cooperative-Campus Activity Fee 
referendum, will report on the 
current status of the referendum, 
which begins on Wednesday. 

UCSANDIEGO 
IS FOR THE BlRD$ 

(PlAGI .......... "ds). 

The unofficial I Fly With U~ for 
state bird, PSA. has ' 
more flights connecting 
northern and southern Cali· 
fornia than any other air.line. 

PIA . 

a song 10 eleven cities. 
Wanttocatcha PSAGrinning-
bird? That's easy. Just catch 
up with your campus rep .. 

..... 

ClASSES START T ONiGilT! 
READ's I. offertng Intere.ted student. six 2 1/2 hour 
on-campu~ workshop. to Incre ... their reading efflcJenc:y 
by at I ... t 3 tlmes--th.t Is our guarantee to youl The co.t 
Is $95, a .lIght Incre •• e In co.t over our recent Winter 
progr.m, but we believe th.t It I. stili the best cour .. for 
the money. 

Other Speed-reading companies ch.rge a. much 18 3 
times our ... te for comp.rablelnstructfon time and they do 
not offer the combined f .. ture. we do: (1] Low prtce (2] 
On-campus [3] No m.chlne. uHd (4) Our gu.rant .... 3x 
Incr •• e In speed with equ.1 comprehension [5] Lifetime 
member.hlp for periodic refresher .... Ion •. 

If you .re Intere.ted In .ttendlng our no-rtllk first 
.. s.lon, confact Bob at 276-1781 evening •• 

Our cl ..... will be .tertlng: 
Tonight! Mond.y, Aprtl21 7 pm On-c.mpu. 

Tuesd.y, Aprll22 7 pm On-campu. 
Saturd.y, Aprll28 7 pm On-campu. 

READING EDUCATION AND DIRECTED STUDY 

April 21, 19'75 

iTh,; vaCllnt vel/efated she mav be 
considered a vlsualamen!tv, alnce/t·/s open 
space which CIIn be viewed bv resld""ts 
and paSStllSby ft:om all sides." [Page 14. 

Triton Times 
UnlvelS!tv Towne Center Environmental 
Impact Report EOO No. 74-6-042, City En-
vironmental QuaUty Oepltf'ttrlent] Photoes,.y by 

Denise Peek & TS. 

Pages 

We tried to be open minded 
about the whole thing. ' Maybe 
there was a perfectly good reason 
for building aflother shopping 
center out there on those mesa~i. 
We didn't want to make any 
unfair value judgments without 
looking into it. And without 
seeing the place. It might be ugly 
as sin out there, and deserving of 
a bulldozer face lift. 

But, it wasn't. 

I I IIPJlrklng spaces for the total development would Don't Look Now, But number about 3,860, covering 42.9 acres of landscaped e e • terraced surface parking." [Page 5, UTC En-L-----------------------------------------------------------------------~v"onmentallmpactRepon] 

"The proposed Towne Center could stimulate a 
significantlv higher rate of growth in the vacant lands 
surrounding the site, and Induce new growth which 
might not otherwise occur In thfl absence of the 
Center. "[Page 17, CItv Planning Commission R,eport] 

I t was one of those days that come around every so often, where you 
couldn't be really uptight, upset or unhappy if you tried . The clouds 
were magnificent. The sun was shining. And it was Friday. 

Since August 1973, Marco liMandri has been active in opposing the 
construction of large developments within the University community -
The University Towne Center, and more recently, North City West. He 
has taken his fight to the City Council as the Student Cooperative 
coordinator of external affair.s, local, with a nearly unanimous Coop 
opposition to the developments. Having heard Ron Hahn, son of the 
developer Ernst Hahn, who is developing University Towne Center, 
speak to the Coop about the project, and having Marco speak at length 
on the subject, we were worried . 

We worry about things I ike what Man does with the land. 
After reading through the documents quoted here and some of the 

other plans and reports, we are still very worried . 
Marco served as our guide on a short tour of the sights of the Del 

Mar Heights where North City West will be built, and of the area at the 
intersection of Genesee and La Jolla Village Drive, the proposed site of 
the University Towne Center. 

The wild mustard is just blooming, blanketing the hills with its bright 
yellow ·flowers. And the rain has given everything that fresh bright 
green of spring. The ground is still damp, and not dusty. The little 
streams left in the gullies were sparkling in the bright morning sun The 
trees aren't as spectacular as a redwood or even as some of the Torrey 
Pines in the State Park. And the valleys aren't as magnificant as 
Yosemite. And the flowers get pulled as weeds by a lot of suburban 
dwellers. 

But, its so damn neat. Because its all there . All over. Empty and open 
and beautiful. And it belongs there. Like the horses do. Rural country 
like that is such a rare treat. And its right there! It wouldn't do to have a 

Ilh Is questionable whether the UnlvefS/tv Towne . 
Center as presently proposed is consistent with the . 
town center in the Community Plan. The center's site 
design qualities, automobile orientation, and free-
standing nature, if not absolute size, ref/ect the 
makeup of a regional, not community, shopping 
center. " [Page 5, Environmental Impact Report] 

condominium or development on that little two lane road through the 
valley . That road still has quiet 20 mile-an·hour turns . Great . The 
engineers haven't arrived with their bulldozers to widen and straighten 
the road. But, they may be on the way. 

On May 8, the City Council will take a vote on the University Towne 
Center. And the North City West proposal , though passed, will un-
doubtedly come up again . 

And this is an election year in San Diego 

'The town center conceived in the Community Plan 
intended to provide for the housing nefJ'ds of people of 
al/ income levels In the community. The housing 
element of Towne Center does not attempt to provide 
balance or dlvefS/ty in housing type or price. Onlv 760-
775 units, of 7200-7600 sq. ft., would be constructed, 
and none offered for rent. Low- and moderate incon18 
individuals and fIImllles, particularly students, would 
be excluded from finding accommodations in the 
Center. "[Psge 11 of the Environmental Impact Report] . 



• 
-

-~ ~ 

Triton TI", .. April 21, 19'15 

I.Mn 
1M Unaffected by Rain 

With the world of intercollegiate sports floundering beneath the wet 
skies, intramurals are relatively unaffected by the inclement weather. 
Presently six water polo teams remain in competition for the right to 
represent UC San Diego at the annual AII~al tourney, to be held at UC 
Riverside May 9 and 10. The championship match is scheduled for 
Friday, Mav 2, at 4 pm. 

The rain has also temporarily slowed down the 1JO.plus teams in-
volved in various men's and coed softball leagues . Soft ball, which has 
always proved to be one of the most popular sports played here, boasts 
of 70 coed teams in one of the largest turnouts ever. 

Last quarter, a breakthrough occurred for the women involved with 
softball. Two all-women teams were allowed to compete in the 
previously all men's league and did quite well. 

Three-man basketball got off to a very confused start this quarter, 
How~ver, .39 of the 40 teams which signed up to play made it to their 
openmg night games . Play at all levels was quite even as there were 
very few runaway games, 

Also getting ott to a very erratic start was the men's floor hockey. 

Missed Serves, Poor Passi ng Forces 
Almost half of the teams did not show up for their contests, leaving the 
rest stranded. However, in one of the games played, a ().{) tie, which 
included an overtime period took place. The coed league got off to a 
better start as all games played, went as scheduled . 

Two Losses to Dominguez Hills When the initial confusion about scheduling is over, things should settle down , Team members are asked to contact their captains in 
regard to when and where their games are to be played, In the event a 
team can not make their scheduled games, they are asked to notify the 
Intramural Dept. no less than 48 hours in advance of the game. If a 
team does not show up, it will be considered a forfeit and the team 
involved will be asked to pay a forfeit fee equal to the fees of the 
referees. If they fail to do so, they will be eliminated from further play. 

by Scott Sildil 
St8HWrltar 

defense r- carried them to their asked to comment after the 
only winning point total of the contest. "we've lost a lot of 
night. Hustling Ed Jones and players and desire," which 
David Rosenberg were the keys in perhaps led to the Triton's down 
putting a stop to CSDH's big . fall Wednesday. 
spikers . 

The "dwindling" UC San Diego 
men's volleyball team was able to 
put together only one decent 
game in their contest against Cal 
State Dominguez Hills last 
Wednesday night as they were 
defeated, 3-1 . 

The Tritons lost the first two 
games, 11-15 and 8-15, because of 
their own poor play. Missed 
serves, poor passing, and illegal 
sets by UCSD allowed Dominguez 
Hills to run off a string of 
unanswered points in each of 
these two games. Due to a lack of 
offensive punch, UCSD was 
unable to come back in either. 

Still , it was an extremely close 
game. Down 10-14 at one time, 
UCSD, with the support of the 
crowd of thirty spectators who 
were on hand, struggled back to a 
14-14 tie. After three service 
exchanges the Tritons finally put 
together two consecutive scores 
for their lone win of the evening. 

UCSD Freshman Takes Second 
in All-Cal Hand ball Tourney 

After this exciting comeback 
UCSD seemed to experience a 
letdown and returned to their 
error-prone early-match form , 
losing 11-15. 

In the third game, the one 
bright spot of the Triton's play -

UCSD coach Jeff Gorrell said 
his team was "dwindling': when 

APIID. 2S 

MAY? 

MAY" 

HERBIE HANCOCK 
AND SUPPORTING ACT 

WEATHER REPORT 
81UY COBHAM 

JEFF BECK 
MAHA VISHNU OReH. 

wrrn JOH/'t Me IAUGHUN 

GOLDEN HAU. 

CIVIC THEAT£JI 

GOLDEN tW.L 

1IICa ..... -.-. ............ ~ ~ ..... 
fOR Uc.s_D SHOWS TJO([TS A~AL AT U C.S.D. 
STUlOIT ar<mI. _ II£COII08 .. SOIAHA • _ _. _____ - _"C" 
~IJOU __ • __ _ 

_INFO.CAU._ .. ....-TAS. OOOO_II£a.06 IN 0. • • TIll GCf " QIf ~ IN.. lA -.sA MUSIC fliIACtMP. ~ fACl! .. 8()OY .. r--SC'ONOmO. N«J ML 
-"""'-:lIT(MfS. 

Irvine, by Dave Eisen 
St8HWrtt.r 

UC San Diego freshman Dave 
Horwitt finished second in the 
AII~al Handball Tournament 
last weekend at UC Irvine. 
Horwitt was defeated 12-21, 21-
12, 5-21 in the finals of the 18-
man, 8-school tourney, 

Horwitt's 10 points gave UCSD 
a third place finish in team 
standing, behind Berkelev and 

John Won g, a 28-year-old 
graduate student from UC 
Berkeley was the champion in the 
tournament. Wong gave up only 
one game, to Horwitt in the 
finals, in the fom rounds of 
competition . Wong and his 
partner Jim Connell finished 
second in doubles, lOSing to an 
Irvine team.of Shayne Decker and 
Todd Jv1.iI.ler. Horwitt and UCSD's 

• 

LEAVERTON PLUMBING SERVICE 
~ll:"'"p,(, ('ONUAOURS 

Leaverton - SaD 

REMOOEL - NEW INSTALLAT.lONS - REPAIRS 
STATE LICENSE NO, 272 .. 77 

566-4411 
7575 Carroll Road, San Diego, Ca. 92121 

• • 

Inc. 

C"c ~urfltotrd •. c.~r..c K .... Blenl.·. Aloht RICb 
Church. fils . HMiIn StIiMll • ~hiotI, TIU. 

Oceen PaciAc • Hili! Till • BHN BII' • Ak BIU.h . Shift 
Post.,.. . MIp'" . w •. T -dirt1. Beenl CoNs • Gilli FiM 

u ..... c..c Whelk • Sirm ...... • 
_pIIII ... .,'Sbt"nI ..... 
~ La Jolla I~X SURF SHOP 

VI 2226 A venida de la Playa 
La Jolla, California 

454-4644 
TV. ~ VR. 

1/2 hlock west of 
La alia Shores /'Jarket 

Scott Levine lost in the doubles 
qua rterf i na Is . 

"HilPPY with Showing" 
On his way to the finals, 

Horwitt won six games without a 
loss, Steve Edwards of UC Santa 
Cruz was the first to fall, 15-8, 15-
5, followed by Irvine's Larry Hilke 
21-17, 21-18, and Berkeley's 
Connell 21-13, 21-13. 

" 1 went into the tournament 
Continued on Pilge 7 

FACTORY BAKED AUTO PAINTING 
BODY AND FENDER REPAIRING 
!ill PEARL BTREET 
JOLLA, CALIF. aD7 ~211' 

1':1~ Church of Con,ervation 
Invites You To Be An 

OIDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR Of NATUREPEDICS 

Our fast growing church i 
ctively seeking environment 
oncious new ministers wh 

lieve what we believe : Ma 
hould exist in harmony wit 
ature, We are a -non-structure 

, aith, undenominational, with I 
aditional doctrine or dogma. 

efits for miriisters are : 
1. Cat Emblem and Pocket 1.0. 
2. ReduGed rates from man 
els, motels, restaurants, c 

ental aaencies, etc . Ou 
irectory lists over 1,000 prestia 
stablishments elltendinl an 
utorn.ic cash discount , 
3. Perform matriiles, baptisms, 

unerals and all other ministerial 
IM'I ct ions. 

4. Start vOur ~n church 
pply fop exemptiOI1 from 

Inftr\ftlllfty and other taxes. 
close a free-will don_tion t 

, he minister's credenti.ls 
iJocketlicense, Your ordl",tion is 
ecOinized in all 50 st.es and 

It foreian coUntries. 
CHUICH Of CON.IVAllON, 

lOX 375, MAIV ESTHE., 
fLOIIDA 325M. 

Apri121, 1975 

Handball . 
Continued from Pap 6 

exoecting to get at least to the 
semi-finals , I was happy with my 
showing, althoulh I thOught I had 
a good chance to win after taking 
the second game in the finals . 
Wong came out much too strong 
in the last game," 

Horwitt is among the top 

Coop, Fee ... 
Continued from Paft 3 

As Ann Carberry has so aptly 
stated in her letter to the Triton 
Times last Wednesday, "The 
Campus Activity Fee serves all 
students who take advantage of 
those activities." By so qualifying 
her statement, she has 
acknowledged, at least in a I 
backhanded way, the truth of its 
inverse : the fee does NOT serve 
those students who do NOT take 
advantage of those activities . 
Why then should the non-
consumers be forced to pay to 
support the consumers? 

It is not sufficient to say, "Well, 
the activities are AVAILABLE to 
all students ," lust because you 
offer a service to a person does 
not mean that he should be 
forc ed to buy it, whether he 
wants it or not. In order to justify 
taxing everyone in a community 
for a service, you must show that 
that service is essential to the 
well-being of the entire com-
munity, and that it is not feasible 
to charge members on an in-
dividual basis for their particular 
use of the service. Dances, 
concerts and recreational clubs 
obvi ously do not fall into this 
ca tegory. 

The mandatory Campus Ac-
tivity Fee means that some 
students get a free ride at the 
expense of other students, This is 
morally wrong, ,and should be 
discontinued at once. I ask only 
the freedom to pay for those 
activities that I find beneficial to 
me, without being compelled to 
pay for other activities that are of 
no benefit to me. 

I would like to close the 
discussion of this topic with a 
quote by Benjamin Disraeli : "To 
tax the community for the ad-
vantage of a class is not 
protection : it is plunder." 

Regarding the Coop, little 
needs to be said; the sordid 
record of its meetings.speaks for 
itse lf. What little of consequence 
has been accomplished so far has 
been done in spile of the Coop, 
not because on any virtues in its 
structure. 

The Coop is a discredit to the 
entire UCSD community, and 
certainly should not be allowed 
to represent all undergraduates. 
When you make a mistake, it is 
best to admit it at once, then 
correct the mistake or start over 
again , The basic design of the 
Coop was a mistake. At the very 
least, the Coop needs to be 
drastically overhauled. This 
should be done, and the results 
tested, before granting it a license 
to represent us , 

In addition, we should all give 
some real thought to the 

'<!ue {ion; ~' ()o.we really neecl env 
kind of student government7" 15 
there anything that such a 
student lrouP does that could not 
be done better and cheaper on an 
individual basis, or by ad hoc 

I Triton Tim .. ____________________ P_a;:.p~7 

handball players to ever compete 
for UCSD. Rated an .. A" player, he 
had won his last two tour-
naments, the Venice Beach 
Singles in August and the San lose 
Contenders in September , 
Horwitt hadn't played at all 
during the school year, practicing 
only during the quarter breaks. 

committees formed spon-
taneously as needs arise? 

Although I do not see how it 
makes any difference, I would 
like to close by stating that I am 
an undergraduate, I do have to 
pay the CalJ1Pus Activity Fee, and 
I do have to suffer under the 
authority of a group that has 
never legitimately earned that 
authority. Evidently some people 
feel that a person is not qualified 
to speak out against an injustice 
unless he has personally suffered 
that injustice. 

WADE CHANDLER 

Hypnotist • .• 
Continued from Pille 4 . 

Values of Subconscious 

His credentials are extensive, 
having received his Bachelor's 
degree from the University of 
Minnesota, his Masters from 
Columbia University, and his 
doctorate from Northwestern. 
Dean has had management and 
communication seminars 
throughout the country for the 
past 20 years, and was at one time 
a lecturer on effective cOin-
munication for UC extension here 
in San Diego. 

Dean's hypnotism " tries to 
educate people by showing them 
that hypnosis is true, that it IS 
fact. He demonstrates the values 
and uses of the subconscious in 
athieving greater personal and 
b\!}iness success," 

Con~rary to publicity notices, 
tickets will be sold at the door. 
Admission is 50¢ for students and 
$1 for general admission . I.»ors 
will open at 7:30 pm and the 
show wi II begin at 8:00. 

KGBQ presents 

TlCKm, $5.15 In advlllCl/ $6 . 25 DAY OF SHOW Tic'''' AlllIII!)I. II All Bill Gam!)II', Men', Slores, 
All AI"'I TIchl AI.nclll, Sport. Arena Tldel OffiCI. 

For InlonnaliOll till 224-417 •• 
Produc:&d ~ WOlF , RtJSmlust concsm 

.. ' .~."-". ~ 

State 
Mutual 
~~. 

PAULA NEWMAN, MANAGER 

5661 La Jolla Boulevard 
459-2654 

A Friendly Place To Save 
," .. 

Sodety for the Preservation of Jazz presents 
the return of 

the hotte.tJazz group in the world 
playing ~he music of Charlie Parker 

at UCSD's Mandeville Center 
2 shows: 6:30 and 9:30 

Also: Joe Marillo with Equinox 
Monday April 21 

Tickets: $3.00 UCSD Students 
$3.50 General Public 

Tickets available at UCSD Box Office 
for information call 459-6679 

• 

Heroes ••• 
Continued from Pille 4 

Winston Churchill is a specical case, Why was he, who failed to 
remain Prime Minister in Great Britain after the Second world War, the 
most popular foreigner every year until he died? In fact, he was usually 
the only foreigner to make the list except the pope, who I'll corne to 
later. The way I figure it, and correct me if I'm wrong, Churchill stood 
for all the things Americans believed in the halycon years of the 50s 
and early 60s , He favored a rigid anticommunist stance and stood firm 
with America during the Second World War. 

The pope is another case. It wouldn't matter if he didn' t get any 
media coverage in my opinion, because he has a built-in army of 
admirers : Catholics who will claim the Pope as their hero just by virtue 
of his most exhalted position , 

Billy Graham, who has made the top five consistently since 1965, is 
another story . His skillful use of television to spread his message, plus 
an incredibly good press , have managed to keep him in a favorable 
public light, 

Speaking of Billy Graham, he was an integral part of what has to 
stand as the banner year for the American hero. In 1969, Richard Nixon 
was first and Graham was second, closely followed by Spiro T. Agnew. 

So it appears that if you want to be America's hero in any given year 
it's best to become president. If you'll settle for a lower place, but still 
in the top ten , become pope, invent a wonder drug or change your 
name to Kennedy . If you'd be satisfied with a one-shot spot in the top 
ten, do something courageous like Orvall Faubus did, and try to stop a 
federal integration order. 

r------------------~-------------------I 
I ~I !r¥"dkv , ! : ~«:- ~) : 
! Get Rolled at the ! 
! Spice Rack Restaurant! ! 
I I 
I Present IhlS coupon WIth your meal al Ihe I 
: un ique S,lce Rack Garden Restauranl In PaCIf iC : 
I Beach and you" gel rolled Free Take home half a I 
: dozen of the tasilesl home· made roilS or muffinS : 
I yo~ve ever met Th iS offer IS good on Mondays Ihru I 
: Thursdays unt:1 May 29. S~ : 
I YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
: A GAROEN RESTAURANT : 

: Mission Blvd . near Grand In Pacific Beach ~ 
: 7 am-2:30 pm and 5 pm-10 pm : 
I I 

.-----~--~-------------.-------~--------

Bob Woodward 
One of the two Washington Post reporters who broke the 

Watergille story, ilnd cO-iluthor of the best-seller "AII the 
President's Men," will be speilking ill UCSO on 

Tuesday April 22, 8 pm 
in the Mandeville Center Auditorium 

Tickets: $1 for all students 
$2 general admission 

Buy tickets ill Student Center box office Tues-Fri 12-4:30 

aIPIIIO! 

, ... 
.. ..,-
IIIIIk ............ -,. _.,.'D ..... IIIa ... 
..... _'_ .. 1 ..... 
...... IIID~I. nl 1liiy 
IIrIK .11 .. I.nt .., 

1II.lda ... 
W ...... -

II'.!!!!. 
GRa.tIlONT CEIfTD' (714) 41'-". 
(PIIMo ..... ~ 5100 Groeamont cencer DrNra 

• u~'2041 
............. 

- __________________ - I 



AITU u .. a 
...... ., ....... Moll. 
....... MY ~ ...... a .... ed 
iinenoIeI ...... LIJOdOn: u .•. Apptll. 
..... ....... Into et c... PIennI .... _ 
MC.MI21' 

"GAY ~ Nne. An outr.oh to the 
U.C.S.D. Qey community. Informetlon 
or Juet _nt to tlllIl? _-311111/11 

The IloIogy/Chemietry C.. Is open 
for buei ...... Come on In Bun-fri. Room 
2211 II IMulr 211. Check door or xIMt 
for houra.14I211 

Students. P.rtIolpetli In HIectIon of • 
_ OASIS Director. Students will 
Interview eppIIoentil on Tuel 4111. 
Thura 4"7. M~y 4/21 and Wed 4/23 
• t 4:00 pm In the atuclentll center 
conference room. 141141 

The UCSD Poetry Journel II now eo· 
ceptl"" aubmlael_ for IU _ond 
Iaau .. P'- limit aubm .... _ to th .... 
poem .. lend to Inter-cempu. mell cod. 
~. Poem. will not be returned. 
DeMNne: AprliD. 141231 

WICKES CORPORATION InterYl_lng 
for Sal.. Con.ultant poeltlona Wed. 
Wick.. I. Into the d.v.,lopm.nt. 
m.nufectu.... .nd _I. of lumber .nd 
building meteri.I.. hom. furnishing • • 
multl·purpo ... helters. etc. Seek.: BA. 
• ny m.lor. Loc.tlon: South.rn 
C.llfoml.. Apptl. .nd mo... Info .t 
Car .. r P"nnlng. 302 MC. 14/DI 

.... ProIeote Prom P •• p.-yon . 
IouCpture by J . YItIlue UnderarM. Art 
GeIIery Muir Ha .. Rm. ,,. ()penIftI: 
4IZI 5-7 pm through II' week." .... 
141211 
ThIe week the Student FInenoIeI ..,. 
vIoM 0ftI0e received • _ ehipm.wt 
of Guer.nt •• d Stud.nt Lo.n.p • 
pIIoetIone. bah Ioeel benll wIIIch 
perdcIpetee heI • cutcH dete for eo-
ceptine the Ioen form. for Sprln. 
Querter. ChecIl with tWCePtIonI1t8 In 
Student FlnenoIel Iervk:ee Offtoe for 
Info. 141211 

OASIS I. sponsorln •• two WMk ci_ 
on the u .. of the .lIde rule. Th_ will 
be two -'lona ."..In. on T_ or 
Wed. et the llologv/Chemlstry Cllnlo. 
212211. Fire! mMlln. Apr. 22 or Apr. D. 

FOR YOUR PROTECTION·Whlet'" are 
now bel"" aoIct In the Itoobt ..... 
WhIst ... hew been shown effec:thra In 
_rdlne off ettackera. luv _ todevl 
For more Info on .... protection. etop 
by the Women'. Center. 14/231 

WRInNG CLINIC • Help on .ny dlf· 
flcultl ... Com. to 1214 H·L or c.1I 412· 
2122 for .n .ppolntment. 11111 

Sailing t .. m meeting Wed. D. 1:00 pm 
In P.E. c .... room. B. th.rel 14/231 

ChicanA.: bUlln ... m ll.tlng W.d· 
nesday. et noon In 410 Matth_. 
C.mpu. Conf.r.nc. Room. Brown be. 
plu •. 14/DI 

Triton Tim .. 

'011 .01 Stud.nt Union M •• tlng 
Student .C.nt.r Conf.r.no. RooIII 
lu ......... ' Mon 4:00. All..., ......... 
come. 141211 

THIRD COLLEGE 110 MAJOR • . WED 
APRIL 2J 7:30 pm Eeet Room. Student 
Center. MMl IloIogv FIIOUIIy. DIeo_ 
I.. ...e'or. R.fr •• hm.nt.. En· 
t..ulnm.wt. I4IDJ 

3rd Coil ... etudenta · FORUM mMtlng. 
Info on prospectlv. m"'" prog ... m •. 
101_ forum · Thu .... Apr. at. 7-' pm -
lSI 1101 .• 4"0 for Info. 14/231 

Weight Control Group. Fire! mMtlng 
ettendenc. ,.qulred. Thu""y. April 
2ilth 11 .m. Coun..,lne It P.yeholo.lcel 
Servlc ... 3D2 MC. Morton ShHvItz Ph· 
D. Director. 

CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD • Wed. 
April D et 1:00 pm In the Student 
Center Conf_c. Room. Students .... 
Invited to ett.nd .nd pertlclpete.14/211 

B.he·1 dlacu .... na. Tueadeya 10:00 .m 
It 7'30 pm. Stu. C.n. uplt8lra con-
f_nc. roo~. 14/211 

4/23171 Work.hop. Thursd.y. 4/at. 7·10 
• t 401 MC Beth Ann RII .. will prMent 
method. of .tructu ... 1 Int.gl'8tlon .uch 
.. br ... lng. meditating and ellen In· 
form.tion on .ccupunctura. For mo ... 
Info. D.na. x2023. 

V'-wl Am UndwtlnHI. • Show YOUr 
work thl. qu.rt.r .nd .upport your 
Und.rg ... d. Art G.llery .tt.nd Un-
dergrad. Artllte Union m .. tlng Mon. 
4/21 Stud.nt C.nt.r Loung. 4:00 14/211 

Adv.no.d m •• tlng .nd group 
medttetIon Mon. 7 pm In Rwelle In-
formel Lou"".. Joe Rieker. __ • 
""'IS.I.M.S.114/211 

RAP WITH THE ACADEMIC ADVISING 
ITAFFIlIl The ThIrd Col .... Acedemlo 
Advleln. lUff Invlt ... 11 ThIrd Col .... 
etuclente to • __ Iv ,... end Info 
..... n Wed 2 to 4. MC 412. Rm. " 
114"0 fo,.lnfo.I4/211 

TUNdey.4:30. Student Center Lounge . 
dlacu_ • prog ... m to ettempt to 
provide frM birth control ... mlnetlon •. 
All Int.feeted women .nd men Invited. 
If uneb.. to m.nd et thl. tim. cell 
Myrne et ~. 14/211 

GAY ITUDENTS tonlt. 7:00 pm BI.ke 
Conference Loung • . 14/211 

4th .tudenta lookl"" for • ce,..,7 
Attend. brown be. lunch dlacuaelon 
with Ruth V.I_u. medlael IlIu.trator) 
Monday 4/21 In the Student Cnt. lleme 
conf .... no. room. Lunch provided. 
14/211 

Poetry - Wed. April 23. Robert Cr .... y. 4 
pm. Revell. Formal Loun ••. FREE. 

Work.hop. Thurad.y. 4/24. 7-10 at 401 
MC Beth Ann RII.. will pr ... nt 
method. of Itructural Int .. ratlon .uch 
a. br .. thlng. m.dltatlng .nd .v.n 
information on .ccupunctur • . For mora 
info. D.ne. x20Z3. 14/231 

April 21. 19'15 

WOMEN'. flUItt IERII.: ..... by 
Joyce Wlelend. , pm. Rwelle c.t. 
Tu"'y. FREE to .11. 14/211 

LlCTURE . NOAH IEN·SHEA. Noted 
Jewleh Phlloeopher will be ..... kln. In 
HL ,. on Wed .• Apr. D et 1:00 pm. 
Iponeored by UJ •. 14/231 

Wed .. April D 12 noon "Aerodvnemic 
Generetion of Sound" USI2122. 14/DI 

AMERICAN GRAFFITI NIGHT · AprIl •• 
I pm. meln .vm. Hudson It 1_ from 
KFMB will hoet. D.nce It coetu .... 
conteet • . • , In .dvllnc. - pey." reo. 
gym. 14/211 

Wed. 4/D. Prof_r MargeNt lur· 
brld •• from the Phyeloa Dept. will be In 
Wom.n·. Center. 12:00 for this __ '. 
brown be. lunch. 14/DI 

Th. R.v.lI. Pro.r.m lo.rd I. 
pr ••• ntln. ITHACA for your .n· 
tertelnment on the Revel.. PIua. 
TUNdeyet noon. 14/211 

"Mon. 1:00 pm et Internetl_1 Center: 
Dolt Waldm.ler from Swltzerlend will 
..... k with .lIdeI on • Alpine Treklng 
.nd Mount.ln .. rln. for Expended 
Conaclou.n_· . 

FILM - FREE MOVIE: " DUMBO" Mon . 
Apr. 219 pm Muirl end Dim • . 14/211 

Wom.n·. C.nt.r d.mon.tr.tlon 
conc.rning Conaclou.n_ R .... n. et 
4:00. Tu .. day In the Women'. C.nt.r. If 
you·r. thinking about .ntering • C.R . 
group thl. would glv. you the 01" 
portunlty to ... whet It·. .11 .bout. 
1X2023114/211 

~-------Advertisements for Ourselves---------I 

FnEEI F.ma" kitty ..... 141211 

One twin bed. good condition. tlO.OO 
411-"' 14/211 

H.ng·glld.r 11 ft. . hem .... tool •• 270 • 
_-81 14/21" 

Tube . ... v.Iv • • good condition. wI ca •••. 
t300 or beat off.r lup or downl. Charll. : 
~·173I14~11 
Mu.t •• 11 .I.ctrlc pott.r. w ha. l. 
Shlmpo 2&00 · S.2OI5. 1p4/211 

72 V.II' Panel 3X1 VI. Muat • • 11 . 2300 . 
Cell Bob .t452·1IOIi.14/231 

'12 Corv.lr . good condition .300. 715-
3003 .v.nlng • . 14/211 

Brand n_ I track tepe pl.y.r on III • . 
Contllct Nw.chukwu. 221 Cabrillo Hall 
or 462-8644. 14/211 

• Buick Elect .... fin. condo air condo 
plu. ..tra.. Make offer. Ed 462-1322. 
14/211 

Kaetl. Hit R.clng Skll. 200 em for GS 
and Rackl •••• kllng. REI McKinl.y 131. 
Goo.. downl sl .. p b.g. .70 - t40 
r .. pectlvely. D.va 462·170& Muir Apt. 
N-I 14/211 

TI FI.t Spld.r IIIiO 31.000 mil .. . In .up.r 
condition .'.800 firm. D.y 462-3Ii8I. 
.v.nlng27l-8031. 1p4/211 

1 p.lr C.mpegnolo Flng.rtlp .hlft.,. • 
r •• 1 motion Hver a.p.cl.lly for long 
rid ... ' .00 for pelr. long c.bl .. and clip. 
462-.1 Pet.r 121211 

Pair Norm.ndl •• lIoy hub. HI-fl.nll • •• 
hoi. th ... ar. top-notch hub.1 7.50 p.lr. 
or r ... on.bl. oH.r 462-.1 Pat.r. 
14/211 
N_ T.I. SR-60· • . W. c.n beet .ny lilted 
prlc • . Quick D.llvery. 2 YMr gu.r.nt ... 
Call B.rt 462-"11111 

Two Pink Floyd conc.rt ticket. for 
Mond.y Apr121. C.II462·f77I. 14/211 

K.ran from C."endl.h AARDVARK -
NOCTURNAL MA",MAL WITH LONG 
TONGUE. BIG HI<ART. NEVER HURTS. 
NEEDS LOVE NU [i ~MArJDC 
ROUDINESS. S'\ott from Bridiev.i • . 
14/211 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.·Sat. 
8:45 .. 5:30 

Closed Sun. 
233-5481 

BARBARELLA I. coming Mayl14/211 

To my wlttl. bug: My lov. I. not. red 
red ro •• ; for red r.d ro ... with tod.y·. 
adv.nced method. of cro __ pollination 
I ra much too common. Find m. a 
flower thet I. beguiling. whlm.lcal. 
lyrlc.l. m.ny-f.ceted. perfectly Im-

parf~. .nd ona of • kind. Give it • 
nama th.t mltcha. It. unlquena .. ; .nd 
to thi. I m.y dar. to comp.r. my lov • . 
HIPPY numb.r on . .... nd m.ny mor.1 A 
wlttl.r bug 14/21 1 

Dear Green Celie.. you can perk in 
front of my trlll.r anytlm.. but 
pr.f.rably . Iwey •. Happy 1 y .. r. J .S.I 
AlwlY • • E.M. 14/211 

Bruc. I' m coming hom.. Put the 
blenket. b.ck on the blk • . -I lova you 
duply Bug. 14/211 

D .. reat Kimb.rl.y. Although " Happy 
Birthd.y" mey not ... m lik. much to 
IIY. werm thoullht •• r. b.hlnd It wh.n 
it '. wl.h.d for you tod.y. d .. r. With 
lova Grandm.p. .nd Gr.ndpap. 
Nord .. n lOUC.OOO 14/211 

AARDVARKETTS. SUPPORTERS. 
MlJ~R w. n .. d you. w. need .upport. 
w. lov. you. w. lov. old f •• hioned 
rowdln .... AARDVARKS MUST LIVE 
S.E.S. 14/ 211 

W.nted: Crazy peopl. to loin comedy 
burl .. qu. group IImprov.1 K.n or D.v. 
5221O-0lnla 411·I0I0 14/211 

Hey-Guy from Connectlcutt who go •• 
to Mulrl " Why donch. com. up .nd ••• 
m •• omatlm.7" Sign.d Th. 50'. whore 
lend B.D. Fr •• kI14/211 

POllan. I atlll lov. you l Oon't I .. v. thll 
l umm.rl Lov • • GOY 14/211 

Annl. B. Will you com. to Memmoth 
with m.7 King Sn.dly 14/ 211 

To the guy who wa. I .. ning agalnlt the 
polt nNr the chack·out d •• k .t the HL 
on Wedn .. day. April 1 • • • round 1: •. 
who ha. brown h.lr p.rted In the 
mlddl. .nd who w.. w .. rlng • blu. 
Ikl·l.cket. brown clog • • • nd .n .bolon. 
chok.r. I .m dying to meet you I PI .... 
c.II462·M77 on .ny midnight. From the 
IIlrl In the M.roon J.cket who think. 
th.! you·r. gorgeou • . 14/211 

Devin • • you .... It·. not thet you broke 
it that mett.rs. It'. why that I'd Ilk. to 
und.retand. 14/211 

Muir Apt&. 4 f.m.l .. who dldn't make 
tha drew .r. Ihltr •• l.d in .ny .vail.bl. 
IP.cel.l. 462-1274.nytlm • . 14/211 

SCIENCE FICTION pep.rbeck. being 
collected by the SF Society for 
donation to the HL L.ndlng Ub ... ,.. Cell 
Stan: 462-40&4. 14/211 

Who ha. any ticket. for " ·"SPARKS·· 
L.A. CONCERn W. w.nt th.m 

.da.parat.ly. C.II J.n or M.rta462-1 •. 
14/231 

NHd rld.rs to S.n Jo ... nd South Bay 
Area April 25. M.rk 270-1181 • . 14/231 

NHd . ubl.ct. fo r lIet.nlng axp.rlm.nt 
$21hr. C.II 715-7703 aft.r 5 . • nytlm. 
wHkendl 1p4/251 

VOU WILL BE PAID .2-P.H. for per· 
tlcipetlng in • IIroup •• p.rlm.nt .bout 
learning m.p.. Exp.rlm.nt. held on 
Mon It Frl from 2:00 to 4:00 pm. Jo. 
x21541 . 1p4/ 231 

Stud.nt. Intareeted In w •• kly 
di.culiing what God'. Word "Y' to 
a.ch p.rson. No experl.nc. nac_ry. 
Contact O.nnll McF.dd.n 462-_ 
14/251 

Condominium for ... nt. Room for 4-1 
paopl • • two c.r g.rag • • P.tlo. 2% beth. 
furnl.hed. AVIII.b .. June 15-S.pt 11. 
Shelby 462 __ 11/21 

HOUSE AND DUPLEX FOR RENT 
B .. utlful3 bedroom 2 b.th hou •••• 1.0 
3 b.droom 2 beth dupl... Both In 
Peclflc BNch cl... to FWY I .nd Le 
JolI.4U-4J7I4Ip4/231 

. 211 REWARD Looking for 3-1 Bd • . 
hou .. In 0.1 M.r for the naxt .chool 
y .. r. If hey •• cc_ to .uch • hou ••. 
Stev. 452·'" 141231 

2 Hou •• mate • . M or F. own room •• 
•• ch. Includa. utll . C.bla TV. 
New.p.p.rs. T.lephon.. CI.lremont • 
Bill VI rd. Qul.t. Bu •• Shopping. 3 Mo .. 
Min. Aft.r 6. 27I-0I8O A.k fllr R.ndy. 
14/251 
2 b.droom .pt. to .h.r.. Itudent or 
working m.I.. Bu.na Viet. G.rd.n. 
Apt •. CI.lr.mont. Call 215-0133 .fter I 
pm. 1114/211 

Hou.. Switch: Le Joli. - Bo.ton. 
Vi.ltlng-prof. D •• lr .. hou .. In Le Joll •• 
Jen-Jun. 1171. Will IWltch for hou .. In 
Boeton. __ l71li1114/211 

Two Weeks In 

TAHm: tS28.00 
Right only: $372.00. 

Only for UCSD students, f.culty staff .nd their Immedl.te 
f.mlll .. _ Dep8rt LA June 30, retum July 13. 

Include, round trip flight on UTA F,.nch Airlines, 
quality bung.low 'lyle ICcomod.tlons, • dlnMr .nd 

show, circle 1,I.nd tour ..... 
Contact : Student Services West Trlvel Office 

UCSD Intem.tlon.1 Center· 452·0830 
HOURS : 11.m to 4pm Mon, Wed, Fri 

W.nted . 3 or 4 bdrm. hou •• In Dal M.r. 
P.B .• O.B. or Sol.n. BNCh. R .. dy to 
move In Jun. or S.pt. 412-1547 Sue or 
Wendy. 14/DI 

W.nted: Hou.lng for FAU '71. 4 
r .. pon.lbl. f.m.l .. In UCSD vicinity . 
pr.f.r 0.1 M.r. 462.a274. Anytlm • . 
14/211 

Biology or Ch.mletry gradu.t •• tudent. 
.lth.r •••• w.nt.d to find .nd .h.r. 
qu.rt.rs with f.m.l. g ... d S.lk· ITE . .. 
4100 Ex m . 1p4/211 

LEARN TO FLY · low .. t ... _ In S.D. 
a,... L .. rn with .n EXPERIENCED 
INSTRUCTOR. not • moon lighting 
flilcler pilot. M.rI! B.nzhot 224-0111. 
14/211 

WEEDS PULLED. IIround clMred .nd 
eultlvated for VEGETABLE GARI)E~8. 
Expert pruning .nd trimming of .hrub!l. 
hedg ... and tr .... Digging. AI Z17-3I2D 
11121 

HAIRCUTS on c.mpu. by • 
prof_lonel. ./cut. C.II M.rgl. 462-
.. on 8th floor TI .... H_141111 

Guy. .nd G.I.: il your helrbrueh 
w .. rln. out7 Need • n_ on. that will 
outleat .11 others? Try • Fuller boer 
brletl. h.lrbrveh thl. tim.. 10 percent 
etud.nt dlacount. For ,Fuller Brueh 
S.rvlc. c.lI ....... or __ 73711. 14/211 

Typing. IBM·. Exparl.nced. carbon 
ribbon. r.port.. th_. eccurat.. 50 
c.nt •• nd up. P.m 510-&217 after 5 pm. 
14/211 

Summ.r work beck E .. t. E.m .2431. 
C.II-.oII1 . 15/211 

RESEARCH AIDS . North America'. 
I.rgeet .. rvlc • . For c.talogu •• end .2 
to: I ... y S.rylc... P.O. Bo. 121 • • 
NI.gr. F.II •• N.Y. 143112. Aleo. cempu. 
repr_ntatlv .. required. Pi .... writ • . 
41 ........ 1111/., · 

BIOBEEDBACK . Int.relted In per· 
tlclpetlng In • 'r_rch atudy In 
r.I ••• tlon training? C.II Daryl Tu ... 
through Thurs. evening et -..m. 
1p4/21 I 

PI.... Ntum the grNn notebook. 
r.moved from 2722 et 11 .m Thursday 
to TT offlo. or Humenltl .. Llb ... ry Loet· 
Found 14/211 

Loet . MltB O.Chem. T.xt 4111171. 
Dac."t rew.rd. Don · 442-17 • . 14/211 
M.rthe P.rk • found your pen on 
4117171. Cont.ct Suel. et 4th Coli ... 
Wrltln.1. HL. By. 14/211 
Dondra St_.rt . I h • .,. your notebook 
.nd flnel gr.d... Picked up .t 
Book.tor. by ml.t.k.. Irln. my 
notebook to the TT offic • . B.rt 715-1110 
14/211 
Loet: Soccer .ho •• - S.turday April 11 
on the Muir field. south dl.mond. 43f. 
1431. 14/211 
Loet . About 10 k.YI on met.1 ring on 
Frld.y 4/4. Prob.bly In usa 2122. K.thy 
-"111. 14/21 
Loet S.n Diego Stat. U Library book -
K.nt by Murphy . April 14. Monday. 
Revell. Sneck Bar or HL Building 
morning. Leurl. ~ or TT offic • . 
14/211 Ir---tr-av-et~] 
EUROPE·ISRAEL-AFRICA·ORIENT Low 
co.t flights. toura. the who" .tudent 
bit. At our offlc. over 200 FREE non-
com.ro .. 1 pemphl.... brochuraa.--bl. ' 
buckl .. vlng. EITC 110 W. Sixth. Suit. 
311 LA. 1001412131 m.., 1111/11 
EUROPE· ISREAL-AFRICA Stud.nt 
flights y .. r round. Contect. 
ISCA 
11., San Vlc.nt. Blvd. No. 4 
LA. C.IIf. IIIIMI 
T.I: 12131~. ""'11II/1I 
Ch.rt.r It Regul.r .Irlln. ticket •. Phon. 
411-4411 University T ... v.1 2241 Av • . D. 
Le PI.y • . Le Joll • • C • . 1p4/211 

JUNE EUROPEAN TRIP: Tr.n· 
.portetlon. hotels. II.htaeelng. .om. 
m .. 11 Included. 22 d.y.. B.rgln .t 
.'210. Kevln •• tm-ll7l. Ip4/301 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROP~ 
ISRAEL. ORIENT. Low prlc_ Ion •• nd 
.hort flight. . Llmlt.d ,p.C • . 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL ,. 
W .. twood Blvd. LA. IOD24 12131171-1121 
or 477-111211111 

SSW Travel Offlc. . ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY. It ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'I Student ID. Eurell. HOItei Cerda. 
Trlppl"" M.llezlne. eto. UCSD In-
ternetl_1 C.nter _-0130 11 .m-4 pm 
M.W.F: ONLY Clo •• d T~ •. Thur • . 
Ipllil 

All new clothing Qnd skiis 
Qt rock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENUE 
4'4-1410 


