
UCSDAlumni 
Involving 
Community 

Overseers Study Future Uses 
of La Jolla Farms Area 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor . 

A sure sign of maturity for a new 
college is the growth and 
development of an alumni 
association. 

Since the first freshmen class did 
not begin until 1964, UC San Diego 
is in the rare position of having 
nearly all its alumni from its un-
dergraduate colleges under the age 
of 30. 

As it is now constituted, 
graduates of UCSD are officially 
represented by the Alumni and 
Friends of UC San Diego. 

Paul Saltman preparel to be dunked by one of his student fans. 
He was relaxing at lalt IFriday's UCSD Carnival. 

(n photo: Nathan Meyers) 

Women Celebrate Strike Day 

by Mark Stadler 
News Edltor 

Two Land Use committees of the 
UC San Diego Board of Overseers 
are studying various proposals for 
"optimum land use" for the La 
Jolla Farms property for the next 
ten years. 

Among the proposals are a small 
shopping center and conference 
center, leaving the area as it is, or 
returning the land to its natural 
state. 

The committees have been 
studying those proposals since last 
March, Board secretary Dave 
Ernst said yesterday, with 
recommendations scheduled to be 
presented to the full Board Dec. 10. The group has nearly 800 due 

paying members, but as one 
member of the Alumni Board of . McElroy Denies 
Directors, Roger Showley, points 
out, "The Alumni and Friends are Extended Lunch Break 

related to Women's Strike Day 
tomorrow. 

Local Activities 

Proposal Under Study 
At last Wednesdays Overseer's 

meeting the committees reported 
that the proposal was still under 

unique in that there is an attempt 
to get the (San Diego) community 
involved in University affaiQi." 
Approximately 100 of the 800 
members are not graduates but 
rather are concerned parents, 
facu lty, civic leaders, senior 
citizens, and even some current 
stUdents. 

Sh1>wley said that since the 
average alumnu~ is under 30, 
members are still familiar with the 
campus and understand the unique 
llrob\ems of the university . 

Maintain Contacts 
Alec Nedelman, the un-

dergraduate representative on the 
Alumni and Friends Board of 
Directors, said students become 
interested in Alumni groups 
because they want to maintain 
contacts with the campus and their 
fellow students after they 
graduate. He said that as a 
resource group the Alumni and 
Friends Association is invaluable 
for the undergraduate. 

Nedelman said the association 
has been important in helping 
stUdents seek employment in the 
community and it is hoped that the 
Fourth College Community Intern 
program will be improved through 
added contact with the San Diego 
rofessional community. 
According to_ Showley, the 

Alumni Association hopes to take a 
stand on some of the more. con-
troversial issues now facing the 
University. "The Association," 
said Showley, "is concerned about 
the La Jolla Farms property." 
Though the Chancellor's Club 
wants the property commercially 
developed, the Alumni Association 
has gone on record supporting the 
development of a com-
munity/campus oriented shopping 
area near the La Jolla Village 
Apartments. 

Complemeld CommaoJb' Life 
Showley feels the property where 

the stables are now, should be 
leased to a responsible 
organization which would work 
with the studentS and come up with 
a plan to complement community 
life. 

The Alumni group has allo o~ 
POsed the University "going into 
the open land business" at the La 
JOl!a Fanns knoll, and believe any 
open space planning should be I 
done by another governmental 
organization. 

The Alumni and Friends, 
fOunded in 1974, occupies an office 
at Matthews Camp •. It employs a 
flll! time director Joan Langvneu id is governed' by a board of 24 

rectors. Half of the directors 
Conlinued on P •• S 

National Women's Strike Day 
will be observed today at 'UC San 
Diego by speeches, entertainment 
by women and a panel discussion 
on affirmative action at UCSD, as 
well as discussions within various 
departments. 

A request by the Women's Center 
for an extended lunch break for 
staff, students and faculty in o~ 
servance of Women's Strike Day 
was denied by Chancellor 
McElroy. McElroy said that UCSD 
employees wishing to take time off 
should get a leave ' of absence 
without pay from their super-
visors. Employees will be required 
to make up the time they take off. 

The Women's Center has en-
couraged UCSD employees to take 
time off so that they may par-
ticipate in some of the day's ac-
tivities. According to Connie 
Jeung Mills of the Women's 
Center, "We are encouraging 
people to participate in Women's 
Strike Day but we don't want 
'anyon~ to lose their job." 

Gathering at Gym 
A gathering at the gym steps has 

been scheduled at noon. The 
featured speakers will be Yvorme 
Elias of the Central Library and 
Margo Sasse of the Cluster 
Library. Sherley WilliamS and 
Mary Jean Pfaclcer of the 
Literature Department will read 
poetry. Connie Jeung-Mills, Laure 
Zweckbronner and Elizabeth 
Chiment will perform women's 
songs. A panel discussion on af-
firmative action at UCSD will be 
held in the Student Center lounge 
at 1:00pm. 

The Fourth College Provost and 
Dean's Office, the University 
Extension Office, the History 
Department, the Oasis Office and 
the Office of Graduate Studies and 
Research are planning discussions 

In San Diego, the Women's Club 
will be the center of Strike Day 
Activities. 

A kick off breakfast for strike 
day will be held at the Las Her-

'onlinued on Page 6 

study. • 
The 25 acre tract called the 

knolls and the 24-acre horse stable 
and race track, the areas under 
consideration, are located just 
west of UCSD. The land was 

Energy Crisis Linked with 
Drop in Heart/lung Disease 

Last year's energy crisis may have been instrumental in redUcing the 
number of deaths in persons afflicted with heart and lung diseases ac-
cording to a report by a UC Berkeley research team. 

The report prepared by a team of public health specialists at Berkeley 
said that during the period when gasoline sales fell 10 percent in the San 
Francisco Bay Area, death rates from all causes dropped 13 percent in 
San Francisco and 8 percent in Alameda county. 

There were substantial decreases in the death rates in both- car-
diovascular and chronic lung ailments, the report said, possibly due to a 
reduction in air pollution caused by automobile exhaust. 

The death rate from chronic lung diseases such as bronchitis, asthma, 
and emphysema had the sharpest drop. In San Francisco the decrease 
was 33 percent and in Alameda County it was 38 per~ent. Heart disease 
related deaths fell by 17 percent while in Alameda County the figure was 
11 percent. 

Not Sufficient in Themselves 
According to Stephen ~. Brown, medical research specialist and 

lecturer in epidemiology at UC Berkeley's School of Public Health, the 
early findings of the research team are not sufficient in themselves to 
confirm that exhaust fumes present a danger to public health. 

For the chronically ill though, Brown said, the figures do make air 
pollution "highly suspect." He believes further study will add sceintific 
support to the theory that a decrease in air poolution would lead to a 
general improvement in public health. 

Death Rates Rise Again 
The researchers noted that death rates returned to their previous levels 

when the energy crunch ended. 
The greatest decrease in lung and heart related deaths came in those 

age groups under 45. The report noted that those age groups are the 
greatest users of automobiles. 

The results of the investigation do not include the decrease in auto 
fatalities. 

GSU/Faculty Panel to Answer 
Questions this Friday 

A meeting where ad- assistant situation has been 
ministrators, faculty members and scheduled by the 1975-76 ad-
members of the Graduate Student ministrative interns. 
Union (GSU) will provide in- The session will take place 
fonnation to interested individuals Friday at noon in the student 
about the UC San Diego teachinil center lower lounge. 

100 Signatures Voided 
on Del Mar Petition 

Ron Greene, student center 
intern and head of the program, 
said the "idea behind the forum is 
not to debate, but rather provide 
infonnation to the campus com-
munity that it would otherwise not 
receive. 

Almost 100 of the 655 signatures submitted last week on a petition 
ukinI for a recall election for Del Mar city councilman John Weare have 
bee.- declared invaUd by the city clerk. 

Clerk Terri Bianco told the Triton Times yesterday that the number of 
valid signatures has been set at 558 after a preliminary check because 
some entries did not have complete or correct infonnation regarding 
precinct numbers and addresses. 

The registrar of voters will now get the petitions to see whether all the 
si~naton are ~istered to vote in Del Mar. 

Five-hundred fifty signatures are needed to force the recall election. 
According to Bianco, if the number 01 valid names falls below the 

required level, the circulators of the petition will have 30 days to find 
sufficient signers to make up the difference. 

"In other words, to let people get 
a feeling of what's going on and 
some of the facts. " 

In attendance will be: Fourth 
College provost Lea Rudee, 
associate vice-chancellor for 
academic affairs Avrum Stroll, 
UCSD Academic Senate chair-
person Sheldon Schultz and two 
members of the GSU teering 
conunittee . 

purchased by the University in 
1967. 

Use of the La Jolla Fanns 
property was part of the Graduate 
Student Union's report issued in 
September documenting alleged 
administrative waste at UCSD. 
The report said the race track 
property is being rented to a La 
Jolla group for $650 a month, with 
other parcels sold to UCSD ad-
ministrators without open bidding. 

The Board of Overseers was 
formed two years ago, as a group 
of 50 people from the San Diego 
area chosen by their " con-
tributions made to the com-
munity," according to Ernst. 
Their membership includes people 
from the business world to the 
President of the Urban League. 

Another Perspective 
The Board offers "another 

perspective" to Chancellor 
McElroy on issues relevant to 
UCSD and the San Diego com-
munity, Ernst said. 

There has never been a case in 
the past when the Overseer's 
recommendations have not been 
followed, Ernst said. He hastened 
to add, though, that this will be the 
first time they have recommended 
on a case of "major significance" 
that has not already been widely 
debated on campus. 

In the past the Board has 
recommended on such issues as a 
law school or nursing school at 
UCSD, and further growth for the 
university. 

The Board recommended "not 
limiting the campus to 8,000 
students," Ernst reported, but 
allowing expansion to 10,000 to 
12,000 students. The Board felt 
UCSD should be allowed to grow as 
much as possible. 

Ernst speculated that the 
"general feeling" is that the 
racetrack area would be better for 
building than the knoll, which 
could be left undeveloped. 

THREE WHO lEFT RELIGIOUS UFE 
I 

UC San Diego 
Concentrates 
on People 

The UC San Diego, a weekly 
newspaper published by the Public, 
Information Office at UC San 
Diego, started as a compromise 
incorporating thr former in-
formation sources. 

The old' r. ~n nl,..,o WR" ~ bi-
monthly publication which focused 
on feature articl rather than 
ncws items. Also circulatetl vii 
campus in the past was a w kl 
ac demi calendar and an an-
nouncem nt circular. The new U 

n Diego r pr n th combined 
Conlinued on Page 8 



• rI ••••• IOI('S 
n Forgotten: NYC Crisis 

by Although Sen. William Proxmire 
(D-Wis), the committee chainnan, 

On the surface, Jt does appear has said that the committee wants 
ridiculous. to take action, it appears that such 

Why should the rest of the an extensive bill will never clear 
country pay to help New York City that panel. In fact, from a study of 
out of its monstrous financial the committee's makeup, it is 
problems? Why should an dou~tful that anything but the 
Alabama truckdriver or an under- weakest compromise will get 
paid elementary schoolteacher in through. 
California help bail out a city that The committee is composed of 13 
has obviously - through fiscal Senators, eight Democrats and five 
irresponsibility - gone to hell on a . Republicans. The Republicans will 
fast train. probably vow as a block against 

Obviously, they should pay for 'any measure, 'with the possible 
their own errors. exception of Edward Brooke (R-

The problem is, who are they? Mass). 
Are they the accountants who Some of the Democrats, 

annually used illegal book-keeping ' especially Alabama's John Spark-
methods to juggle the City's books, • ,man, will follow the Republicans. 
or are they the 8 million New York Even I~linois liberal Adlai 
residents - who had nothing to do Stevenson has said he will vote 
with those practices. against the loan. 

0( course those who perpetuated Even if Ule bill cleared the 
economic fraud should be Banking Committee, several 
prosecuted, to the full exlent of the southern Senators have said they 
law. They should be made will commence a filibuster. Senate 
examples; that is the only way to Majority Leader Mike Mansfield 
avoid a repeat performance in (D-Mon) has admitted that the 
Detroit or Philadelphia ... or San two-thirds majority needed for 
Diego. closure could never be mustered. 

But New York residents are the Meanwhile the Ford ad-
ones who will suffer if the Big ministration continues on its anti-
Apple defaults. New York aid-to..New York course. Ford 
governor Hugh Carey recently told seems determined to choKe New 
Congress that if default occurs, York to death, obviously seeing 
" We wouldn't have the money to that as the best course in view of 
meet payrolls, to supply food, 
meals to irunates in correctional letter to the Editor 
institutions, not be able to take 

next year's election. 
The New York City financial 

crisis is a perplexing question, 
certainly without simple answers. 
Gov. Carey, however, pointed out 
what should be the over-riding 
factor in considering the problem. 

"The American people will learn 
and understand there is no reason 
to punish the people of New York if 
leadership now and in the past has 
made errors. We can find the 
culprits in due course. There are 
not 8 million culprits in New York. 
There are people who have no 
cause for suffering." 

The point bears repeating . 
" There are not 8 million culprits in 
New York." 

The City surely must reform its 
past practices. Services must be 
cut back, wel~re payments 
lowered. Municipal employees will 
have to curb their demands for 
wage increases. 

There will have to be cooperation 
between big business and 
organized labor, city officials and 
public employee unions. . 

There is a good chance that 
cooperation is impossible, that 
New York is inexorably doomed. 
But in the middle, between an the 
conflicting forces lie 8 million New 
Yorkers. 

They should not be forgotten 
amidst the political maneuvering. 

care of the money for dependent 
children. " 

Carey made that remar~ last 
Friday as part of a plea to 
President Ford and Congress for 
immediate financial aid to New 
York. 

Del Mar Planning 
Policies Hurt Students 

At the same conference City 
Controller Harrison Goldin pointed 
out that the impact of default 
would " go beyond the city. It will 
affect the region. It will affect the 
country." 

And, Goldin said, even if New 
York were to default in December, 
it would still have a $389 million 
deficit and need an additional $1 .2 
billion through March. 

New York City is making a real 
effort at reform. The Emergency 
Financial Control Board, headed 
by Carey, has set strict spending 
limits on the City for the next three 
years. 

Carey has sent a letter to every 
city agency demanding com-
pliance with the City 's new 
financial plan. 

Any federal action on New 
York's problems will create fur-
ther troubles. If action is taken on 
the problem it will set a precedent 
for other cities in the future, and if 
no action is taken the echo of 
default will roU across the country. 

The result of that echo will be 
artificially increased interest rates 
for other cities, which some 
estimate could cost taxpayers an 
extra $3 billion this year. 

All this speculation is academic, 
actually. A Senate biU guaran-
teeing $6 billion in loans to New 
York appears deadlocked in the 
Senate Banking Committee. 

There are some probably well 
meaning but unrealistic people in 
our City of Del Mar and our City 
Government whose apparently 
unthought out policies are hurting 
and tearing our community apart. 

Or maybe their actions are a 
part of a deliberate plan to limit 
the number of students via their no 
growth housing plan? 

The newly proposed Community 
Plan that the City Council, Mayor, 
Planning Commission and Plan-
ning Director, Gary Binger have 
recommended does that. 

It limits single apartment ac-
commodations to 2.2 to 4.4 units to 
the Ih acre ... This means NO 
AP ARTMENTS only expensive 
duplexes. Expensive because of 
higher land cost per unit. This 
prices the student out of 
reasonable price apartments and 
makes them available to the 
professors, researchers and upper 
middle class who can afford this 
higher priced housing. 

The old building code, with no 
variances, that existed prior to 
1968, promoted reasonable housing 
for students and low income 
earners. 
, It allowed up to 18 - 2 bedroom 
units to the Ih acre and to a height 
of 30 feet with underground 
parking. This is the same low 
density that gave Del Mar the 
Village look. The same building 

UC San Diego 
John H. Taylor 
Editor-ID-chlef 

1't1a Stadler 
Jiew8 editor 

(rajg Ucbida 
Opinion editor 

Sara J . Lowen 
Community editor 

DaveEls n 
Sport ditor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

Jamesp.Soto 
Cityedjtor 

AnneUebler 
Copy editor 

Rick Rodewald 
BUllness Manager 

Daniel Sbawler 
Arts editor 

Tad Sperry 
Photo edlt-.r 

code that most o.f the 2 story 
buildings in south Del Mar were 
built under where students now 
have reasonable rent and decent 
accommodations that are 
reasonably close to UCSD. 

These apartments and con-
dominiums save the few fortunate 
students that live in them time, 
money and energy and gasoline. 
They can bike to UCSD. 

There will be UCSD students 
here in Del Mar after the present 
City Council and Mayor are long 
gone. 

The Del Mar City Council when 
they first came in to office, should 
have, possibly with assistance 
from the UCSD Architecture 
Department, worked with any 
property owner who would build 
low density apartment buildings 
suitable for student renters. 

Instead the Council, PlaMing 
Commission and Planning 
Director have worked to have this 
type of housing kept out of Del 
Mar. 

They have over reacted with 
their no growth low density policy, 
intentionally or otherwise, to the 
detriment of the students at uam. 

They haven ' t been 
REASONABLE m their actions or 
thinking as they have hurt many 
people, students, property owners 
and people who need reasonable 
low cost housing. REASONABLE 
GROWTH. 

By all appearances the Del 
Mar City Council and their friends 
have USED the students instead of 
helping them ... They used them to 
get elected. 

BARNEY F . FREELAND 

Erratum 
In an editorial Monday. the 

Triton Times reported that there 
was motion on the agenda for the 
Student Cooperative that three 
members be "condemned" for 
writing a letter critical of the 
election of Marco UMandri and 
Irma Munoz to the statewide ex-
ternal affairs coordinatorships. 

The editorial should have read 
" censured," not condemned. 

The Triton Times regrets this 
error, though we feel the thrust of 
the editorial remains valid. 

WedDelday, October 21,1975 

TRS 
Ford-Nixon Connection 

Waterga'te isn't over yet, Richard Nixon isn't done with yet, the man 
who boasted about his wife's " respectable, Republican cloth coat" in 1952 
and bought her tapered baguette diamond earrings m 1972 (apparently 
from 'campaign funds) is still a problem for President Ford who granted 
him a "full, free and absolute" pardon. 

Other men were indicted, he wasn't; other men went on trial, he didn 't· 
other men went to jail; not Nixon. . ' 

The dry-as-dust t17 page wind-up report on Watergate by the special 
Prosecution Force under Henry Ruth reveals that Nixon would certainly 
have been indicted if he hadn't been pardoned a year ago. 

But now he is accepted in polite society, and his smiling face appears on 
the cover of Newsweek (October 20 : "Nixon's New Life") . He has cars 
and guards and nice estates, and can make a million any time he wants to 
sell interviews or books and some say he will try a political comeback. 

Nonsense. There are limits. But there is always a minority (say 20%) 
who think that any disgraced public man is badly treated - the Caligula 
quotient. . 

All the same, Nixon is a problem for Gerald Ford and the more so for 
the questions that the final Watergate report leaves unanswered. Take, 
for example, the single episode of Bebe Rebozo. 

The report of the Senate's Ervin Committee, July, 1974, devotes 376 
pages to Rebozo. In a June 6 letter from Senators Ervin and Baker to 
Nixon's counsel, James St. Clair, they assert the existence of "apparent 
instructions from President Nixon to Mr. Charles G. Rebozo to raise and 
maintain funds which, the evidence implies, were expanded on President 
Nixon's behalf." 

For example, there were two bundles of 500 crisp, ordered $100 bills 
from Howard Hughes. Were they actually returned? Rebozo told Herbert 
Kalmbach, the Senators note, that he gave part of the Hughes money to 
Nixon's brothers. Again, when the $4562.38 earring money went to 
fashionable jeweler Harry Winston in New York (apparently from the 
Florida " Nixon for President Committee" funds), why was the account 
laundered? The money went through a "complex four-stage process," the 
Ervin committee reports, which "concealed the fact that the funds 
originated from contributions to the 1968 campaign and were ultimately 
used by Rebozo on behalf of President Nixon." 

The Ervin committee ended and hopefully turned over its evidence to 
the Special Prosecution Force. Now the outgoing special prosecutor 
reports but it's an anticlimax. . 

Who obliterated the 181h minutes of Nixon-Haldeman tape? The guilty 
party could only have come from "a very small number of persons," says 
the report, but that's aJ] it found - " no pro:IeCution was possible." 

How about the Rebozo affair? This is outlined, too. Yes, in a 
presidential tape of April 17 ,1973, it notes, Nixon offered to pay $200,000 to 
$300,000 for the legal fees of Haldeman and Ehrlichman " from funds to be 
provided by Rebozo." But a formal charge? The report repeats 
monotonously that " evidence would not support an indictment." 

Hard to get a stand-up case, perhaps, after the Nixon pardon. 
Outgoing prosecutor Ruth, succeeded by Charles Ruff, primly refuses 

to speculate. Democracy can only be preserved by an informed public, he 
says, buthe doesn't infonn it, save in some pious platitudes at the end and 
a quotation from Longfellow. He can't deal in generalities, he says, so he 
leaves scores of critical matters up in the air. 

We wOlluel' what outgoing and incoming prosP.r.utors said to each other? 
Perhaps : 

Said Mr. Ruff to Mr. Ruth, " I only want to learn the truth." 
Said Mr. Ruth to Mr. Ruff, " You'd better not be over~tough!" 
On CBS's Face the Nation last week Ruth unbent to the point of 

criticizing President Ford : " I thought the timing of the pardon was 
atrocious," he said. Yes, only a month after the resignation and just when 
the Watergate trial was due to s\8rt. Even more extraordinary, he felt, 
the pardon was not conditioned "on an admission of any kind of guilt." 

One tries to be fair . 1 won't stamp on the pardoned president now he's 
down. 

As for Mr. Ford, my judgment is that he gave the ill-timed pardon out of 
decency and compassion and a belief that he was helping the country to 
forget Watergate. Unfortunately, it can't. And in days atJead it is likely to 
remember the Ford-Nixon relationship. In his Congressional con-
firmation hearings for vice-president House minority leader Ford 
testified on oath that he had not brought impeachment proceedings 
against Justice Douglas at the instigation of President Nixon just after 
the Senate rejected Nixon nominee Clement Haynsworth. Att. Gen. 
Mitchell fed Ford the anti-Douglas material from raw FBI files . Maybe 
Ford didn't take orders directly; maybe he just sensed what the White 
House wanted . 

It was minority leader Ford again who blocked the first Congressional 
attempt to investigate Watergate by Rep. Wright Patman. Still under 
oath, he told the committee that he did not act here, either at Richard 
Nixon's bidding. Maybe not. But there is a Nixon-Haldeman-Dean tape of 
Sept. 15, 1972 wheJ:e the three plot to block the Pabnan inquiry, using 
" Jerry" as a tool : 

" President: He's got to get at this and screw this thing up while he can, 
right?" . 

Or another quote: "President: Oh, I think Ehrlichman should talk to 
him(Ford) .... and should say, 'Now, God damn it, get!pe heU over with 
this ... ' he's got to know it comes from the top." 

That's what the tape says. And when he became Vice-president Ford, 
he always defended his boss: "The weight o( the evidence does not justify 
the President's impeachment," he declared just before the committee 
impeachment vote. 

Here are two final reasons why I think Watergate won't die in the 1976 
campaign. First: Nixon's grand jury testimony, June 23 to 24, 1975, under 
oath, has been taken but is not made public. It may throw light on the 
Nixon-Ford relationship. Almost certainly Democrats will try to pry it 
loose. 

Second: President Nixon tapes of 1972 are still in the hands of White 
ijouse legal adviser Philip Buchen. Congress says they're the public'S; 
Nixon says they're his. Again, a likely Watergate debate. 

The Ford-Nixon connection won't be forgotten. 

Th. Trilon Tim.s Is r.cognlzed ~y the Communications Boord of UCSD a. the 
official stud.nl n.wspaper. Publlcallon Is on Mondays, Wedn.sdays and 
Fridoys during Ih. r.gulor school year l •• c.pl on official holidays). Editor ial 
and business offices are locoled in 117 Slok" Ho" on Ih. R.v.II. ColI.ge 
campus, Un,ver .. ly of ColiforntO. Son Diego. 

l.If.rs 10 Ih. Edilor and opinion column. or. w.lcomed. All submissions 
should b .. Iyped on a 7 ... spoc. lin. on non.,asabl. poper. Th.y should not 
e.ceed Ihree pages In lenglh double .• paced. The Trllon Time. r .... rv •• Ihe 
righl 10 ed,I submissions because of spoc.limltotions or slyl. requlremenlS. 

For edlto rio l, call .52·3466; for bu.ln .. ss and display advents.menlS. call 
.52·3.f68. 

Have You Ever Seen an Aurora? 
by O. Paullnlllinre 

Science Writer 

Most people have had the 
pleasure to watch the lun leave the 
day with a Oourfah of p1eaaing 
colors. 

However, most have probably 
not seen the aurora as often 88 I 
sunset. 

For centuries, the aurora has 
attracted the attention of lay o~ 
servers, poets, fortune tellers and 
the scientists. Writing in the first 
century AD, Seneca, a Roman 
orator, described the aurora: 
"Sometimes flames are seen in the 
sky, either stationary or fuU of 
movement. " And during the 
Middle Ages, auroras were 
believed to be supernatural omens 
of imminent disaster. 

But patterns of thought and 
beliefs tend to change with time. 
Today's casual observer will be 
more concerned with the aurora's 

• 

• 

aesthetic valYe, and, if he is more 
than a casual observer, with its 
real nature and origin. 

One of those who have been In-
vestigating the origin of alD'Oras 
and similar atmospheric 
phenomena is Carl Mcilwain, 
professor of physics at UC San 
Diego. 

Recently, in a lively colloquiin 
style lecture punctuated with 
graphical data arid colorful pic-
tures of his auroral observations McIl~ain told us everything we'v~ 
ever wanted to know about 
auroras. 

"Northern Dan" 
The aurora - a light in the sky 

often reddish or greenish in color -
is most easily observable in the 
night sky by those living near the 
poles. 

In the north and south polar 
regions, it is called, respectively, 
" aurora borealis" or the " northern 
dawn" and " aurora australis" or 

--#..-------_. --
.,,- .. ~ magnetosphere 

.' ....----.•.. -----. 

/ . ..r--
,,-or ,/ ~::~~. 

, \. ! /. . .-'. .""" 

" O " '''PO;~ . \ , regIOn 
"/" t ) ..... , . 1 " / / 

solar 

wind 

l,- \ (; .~ ... - _/ / 
.. ., ., 

• 

, 

• 
, 

'" 
- --. 

-----_.------

• 

--

• 

the "southern dawn." 
Though Seneca thought they 

were " flames," it has long been 
known (since the early 20th cen-
tury) that this spectacular display 
of colors is, in fact, the result of a 
wild spray of charged particles 
interacting with the earth's upper 
atmosphere. 

This spray comes from the sun 
and is known as the solar wind 

As the solar wind (mainly 
protons and electrons) sweeps by 
the earth, it compresses the earth's 
magnetic field on the windward 
side. As a result, the field lines on 
the lee side are extended. In the 

proc~, some of these' charged 
particles become trapped in the 
earth's magnetic field, fOrming the 
outer Van Allen radiation belt. 

Other particles, however, 
penetrate to the upper atmosphere, 
where they are focused in the 
narrow zones in the region of the 
earth's magnetic poles, prodUCing 
the auroral phenomena. This 
occurs mainly in the E region of 
the ionosphere - between 55 miles 
to 95 miles from the earth . 

The upper atmosphere in this 
region is composed mainly of 
nitrogen molecules and oxygen in 
the atomic state under very low 
pressure. Thus, a stream of 
electrons would cause Ule at-
mosphere to glow, similar to what 
happens in a neon lamp or on the 
TV screen juft before the images 
appear. 

Satellite-borne InstrumentaUoD 
This description is a somewhat 

over-simplified account of the 
physics of what happens in the 
production of an aurora. For more 
details on the aurora, McIlwain 
and his coUeagues have had to 
make their investigations directly 
In the auroral region using 
sophisticated satellite-borne In-
strumentation. (Earlier research-
ers had used ground-based In-

strumenlation. ) 

One of these packets was aboard 
the A ~ satellite launched in 
May, 197.. Datea analyzed to date 
from satellite measurements In-
dicate that the Imninisity of the 
aurora is due primarily to the 
incidence upon the upper at-
mosphere of electrons within the 

. energy range of 50 to 5000 electron 
volts. 

The data also showed that the 
bright aurora are associated with 
field-alligned electron fluxes of 

~bout 100 ergs per square cen-
timeter per second. 

A surprlSmg aspect of the 
satellite observations, McIlwain 
said, was that it takes about an 
hour for particles from the solar 
wind to bounce from one end of the 
ionosphere to the other. 

Other data now under study 
leads McIlwain's team to con-
jecture that the ionosphere region 
where the aurora producing 
electrons' bounce around may 
contain more Helium than 
hydrogen. 

They have not limited their 
observations to the earth alone. 
Similar investigations directed 
towards Jupiter also indicate that 
aurorae also occur there. 

Some of the questions McIlwain 
and his group are currently 
examining in greater depth include 
understanding better the process 
by which the electrons from the 
solar wind are accelerated in the 
earth's magnetic field, and also the 
composition of the plasma in the 
ionosphere. 

Life: the Most Sacred Value 
by DanJel ~awler 

To peopI~ who try to .live a ~n life, the most sacred value, after love of God, is love 
of human life. 9tnst ~lf S81d, you must love your neighbor as yourself." It is for this 
reas0!1 that vanous pro-life groups throughout the US are fighting the destruction of life by 
abortion. 

The major battle rages over the issue of when the fetus becomes a human being. The 
proper answer is, at the moment of conception. As soon as the haploid sperm and ova 
merge to become diploid, the new zygote contains precisely the same genetic infonnation 
as it has when Ule Individual is ten years out of the womb. 

None of the criteria used to determine when a 
pregnancy can be tenninated through a therapeutic 
abortibn contain any form of reason at all. The idea of 
basing the criterium upon the age of viability is the 
most laughable. Every year advances in medical 
science . moves the age of viability closer to con-
ception. Many states now permit abortion after the 
age of viability even though fetuses at that age were 
inviable when the law was inacted. Does the point at 
which the fetus becomes human become earlier as 
medicine advances? Of course not. 

Another ~ular idea is to permit abortion only 
dUn ng the first trlmest.er. This is equally ridiculous. 
It says that precisely 90 days after conception the 
fetus is infused with some magical quality that 
suddenly makes it human. This argument also suffers 
fr?m the same problem as the preceeding argument. 
It IS not inconceivable that lIGOle time in the future the 
age of via bllity will be less than three months. 

~ 
$141 

P ..... ,....L .... 
(1ncIIIIIM) 

• II Hn. ,,"'" 
• In ......... Men&Women 

~ti-a,,:?rtion activism does not necessarily include the philosophy of "pay for your 
rn,tStakes as many peopl~ !ear. The .important word is not "anti-abortion" but " pro-life," 
Wl~ the. a~cent on the posItIve. Pro-life refers to life outside the womb as much as it refers 
to life Within the womb, perhaps even more so since the pre-natal period of human life can 
be less than 1 percent of a person's lifetime. 

No woman who is not a~le or ~lling !-D take on the responsibility of raising a child has to 
do so. There are alternatives. ~o ~rtion; the major one being adoption. At the present 
moment there ar~ many f~lies waiting to adopt because their demand is greater than 
the ~umber of children available for adoption due to the ease in which an abortion can be 
obtamed. 

Prevention is always the best remedy for any 
. problem. In accordance with this the present 
methods of birth control should ~ made more 
available and new methods should be researched aitd 
?eve loped. Also, a strong campaign to dispel the 
Ignorance of many toward sex should be undertaken. 
This w~y, hopefully, accidental pregnancy will be the 
exception rather than the rule. 
. F~Uy, one last word about the argument " no one 
IS bemg forced to have an abortion, so let those who 
want one receive one." To those of us who are pro-
life, abortion is akin to murder. In God's eyes there is 
no difference between the murder of an innocent 
passer-by or the abortion of a fetus. To make a 
hypothetical case, suppose a law were passed 
allowing people to kill their children anytime during 
the first year of post-natal life. There would be a large 
outcry among the morally indignant populace. 

There is no difference between this case and 
abortion. The children involved in both cases are 
equally human. With this in mind, sitting back and 
allowing abortion to continue would be the same as 
condoning Nazi concentration camps. 

Centre Court 
Tennis Shopp.e 

"In the Lemon Tree Corner" 

• 
Superb Cuts Elegant styling c.1I'fWe""" & ..... '. 

,......,,' ..... 
, ........ Center 

LooIIlor p.~ 
Alr ...... o. ... 

vA. a FAA Appmotd 
JOl'lea XudieD 

a&-48t7or 
7Zt-4t71 

566-7530 
open evenings 
Also, 

let the British toke core of You 

Fine Anliques & Jewelry 

North Gale PlolO 
8660 M iramar Rd. 
Suite "E" 

faIi6 CIfIPO'IIf .. eleCt ..... ;. 
SALE 

1049 Camino Del Mar, Calif. 92014 
481-9787 



Well ..... " Oetoberlt, 1975 

Third College Reporter 

WlTH 
Third College Swelied by 644 Freshmen 

THJS 
by Chqriie Heimier 

They kept dropping shits on his bead until finally Sammy bought a 
Norton 750 and told them all to run their l.eads through the spokes as he 
blasted by. 

It began with a girlfriend thinking her cunt was too priceless for long 
talks into the night after feasts of tuna fish salad and rhyming poems. She 
crossed over a couple of blocks where th!l sidewalks are bright with 
beams 01 greenbacked light. 

by Brt.a Davia 
Staff Writer 

Third College has grown this 
year, with 644 freshmen bringing 
total enrolbnent to 1219. The 
number of decision-making 
positions available to Third 
students who wish to serve has 
grown too. 

There are openUng~ for 1lUrd 
College students in the following 
campus wide committees: student 
fees, stu.dent center, student healtb 
center, financial services, coun-
seling servi.oes, parking and 

housing food services. Applicatlontl 
are available at the Dean's office. 

Recent appoinbnents include 
Pat .whitlock, to the Campus 

~gram Board, Frances Espana 
to the Budget Resources C0m-
mittee and Doug Hendrix to the 
Communications Board. 

A meeting of the Third College 
Council Is set for Wedne~y at 
4:00 in the Student Center North 
Conference Room. All interested 
students are invited to attend 

Health care Lecture 
This week, Doctor Vicente 

Navarro will be giving a series of 
lectures on the "Political Economy 
of Health Care." A complete 
schedule of Navarro's lectures is 
available at the Urban and Rural 
Studies office. 

The UCSD Gospel Choir will 
perform in front of the Matthews 
Cafeteria next Thursday at noon as 
part of the Third College Activities 
Board's attempt to provide en-
tertainment designed to suit the 
tastes of students at Third. If you 
are interested in working on the 
Activities Board, contact Fred 
Henderson in the Dean's offIce. 

Then came the brickloads of 
1. security 

::=~=toyourforebearers COOp Criticizes Comm Board Advisory Panel 
so well articulated ill early evening bouts over the pay phone down at the · • . . 
Areo station. Sammy kept walking into the traps because he was to the students' freedom of the were present the vote 011 the BRG 
honest to develop "the line." ' . . by Robm DeIUeu press." budget reco~daaons had to be 

More turds from everywhere. They stank up his room. Clung to hIS StaB Writer Other items discussed at the taken fout times in order to obtain 
shoes. Attracted rues. meeting included- the Budget a qujll'UIJ1 (30 students). 

. At the Student Cooperative's 1"- BRG bud the B Son:'ewhereSammygotashovel. He dug out. WarlonJenn.m~sa~~he Monday evening meeting, an of- Resources UlOUP ( ) get Arguments arose over RG 
Rabbitt helped. Needless to ad~, Waylon got the pr,lZe, .Ra~blt~ s qwtting ficial statement condemning recommendations, a recon- voting amendment, which changes 
to make way for the PROfessIOnals and Sammy s bike s revved up. Chancellor McElroy's restruc- sideration of the BRG voting rule the number of votes required for 
Heads bobbing around in the wheels but that bike sure roars. No matter turing of the CommWlications amendment passed last week and passage of proposals from six out 
where he sat Jack would have some babe snuggling into his hip . No Board was adopted, demanding the censure of three Coop members of eight to five out of eight". After 

tt who wrote a letter to the Triton much debate, the amendment was ma er. that "any previous action taken by 
Ch 11 be d Jar d ' lid Times. voted to stand as previously His tongue Is no longer than mine. Dresses about as hole-y. Takes fewer the ance or . ec e Inva . ' The letter requested that the passed. 

showers. But no matter they found him. and that any action(s) currently In election of the statewide external 
Finally the last night I figured I had him .. I clung with him through the . progress be discontinued." affairs coordinator be investigated 

whole party. Didn't find a spot without me right beside. Along about 2 The statement refers . to by the Student Body President's 
Censure of the three studenls 

who requested the investigation of 
the statewide external affairs 
coordinator election was 
discussed, but no action was taken. 

we're drooping over this knee-high brick retaining wall. Chubby blond McElroy's letter to Vlce- Council 
peeks out of the kitchen window at us. Don't know how but somehow Jack chancellor and dean of student 
managed eye contact. affairs George Murpby, containing 

"It's all in the eyes" he once said. an outline of his decision to create 
The rest is written. Low moaning. Rhythmic clanging of the bed against an advisory panel to the Com-

the wall. SHE left about 5. After hearing her car leave the driveway I got -mWlications Board. 
up and heaved on Jack's door. Poetic justice. The panel will be composed of 

• • • non-student professionals in the 
"The man on the radio said there were two truths to existence in this field of journalism, and will serve 

world: as a standing sub-committee of the 
1) people spend half their lives being screwed over by themselves, board. 

other people or institutions. The second half of their lives is spent trying Another point covered in 
. to undo the screwing-over. McElroy 's letter was that it is " the 

2) when the turnscrew is turned all the way each person is screwed board's duty to recognize and 
. individually. There are no friends when the head comes flush with the support ... one, and only one, official 
headboard." medium in broadcast and 

We all knew the loopholes in it. But we liked that part the best. traditional journalism. Subsidiary 
• • • journals and other publications are 

quite properly supported as a 
After an hour's wait Georgia Salt who looked like she'd been stepped on secondary priority and as funds 

as a child called my name and led me into a room in the back. She walked pennit." 
farther ahead of me than a hooker and "Office A" was a doctor's Apology Demanded 
. exa~ati?n room. So I saw the whole I?rocess as a medical f~ck, since Based on this point, the Coop's 
havmg no IOsurance guaranteed my fasting for three weeks until Georgia ' statement also included a demand 
punched me into the computer at the issuance center in LaMesa. "that the Chancellor submit a 

" You may, yes it's possible" Georgia had said with a pencil in her public aoololZv for tampering with 
mouth, " that you'll receive an authorization to purchase form in the mail. . 
If you do, rush down to the Post Office in Cardiff-ob, I don't know if they ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
have them there-or come down here or mail them in because the fonn has SAN DIEGO 
to be received by the LAST day of the month." PRO LIFE LEAGUE 

"Then I can't get any right now?" Phone 583-UFE 24 hrs 
"No" said Georgia . 
"Well, how I'm going to eat?" Ithought. Free counSeling, study roo~ 
"Nice to have met you," Georgia said goodbye. and speakers 
About a week later I come home and Jack's got a big smile on his face. ..------... --..... 

"Your stamps came." Sure enough. So we ate that night. And the beer 
settled easier. Even Sammy seemed to have dodged one or two of the 
shits. One day we woke up and the rent was due. 

We were gone. 
Sooner than not we cross tracks. Drink a beer looking over the 

shoulder. Sammy don't have the smell too bad anymore. HaH way down 
some babe finds Jack. And I always have my stamps. . 

3rd 

JOB INTERVIEWS 
GRADUATE SCHOOL VISITS 

next week 

usc Grod uote 5<hool of JudIcial AdmInIstration (meeting 10 • 11 
am ) 

41h Harvard Lw Schon I (meel lnq 1 3 pm Graduate / Professional 
School Fa" (IC om 3:30 pm)Sludent Center . 

5th 

TRW Systems (;roup (malh. CS . eng) . 

61h NCR Corpcro t ,an (CS) 

617 US . Navy RecrUIting D,str,ct 

Informatoon and sIgn·ups al ca,oor Planning. 412 Me. 

Career Inlervlews nd meellngs 81e part of career Planning & Placement S 01l9rall effort 
10 ma •• Informahon and opportun, tles av8llable Irom a vallely of career fields Other 
CP&P servIces can help you explore career consequences ot your major.no In lerests . 
learn how 10 100 plan and nunt (1 so step·· 'I8rl early' t. and examine educational plans 

For people who love 
lite sun and sea. 
By Appointment 

Closed Sundays and Mondays 

5625 La Jolla Blvd. 
La Jolla <4S9-8218 

Redken Retail Centre 

BRGBudget 
Although over 30 eligible voters 

Society for the Preservation of 

pr~8~Qt8 

Buddy Rich 
and hi. 18 Piece Band 

one night only D 
Sunday, November 2 Showtimes 9 and 11 

admission$5.00 advance or at door 
Catalllaraq Hot~1 

3999 Mission Blvd 459-8552 
bou lillii'll bc ':H nnd shnw your II)~ 

Wed--,., Oeteber II, ms . • rI.on flo'S Page S 
Noted Ador 

Del Mar Series to Feature Eric Christmas Cliburn Tepid in San Diego Symphony Premiere 
The "Friday Evenings in Del 

Mar" begins ita new season on 
November 7 with a performance by 
UC San Diego drama professor 
Eric Christmas, who la known in 
all parts of the globe as an actor, 
director, script-writer and lec-
tu rer. Hla numerous perfonnances 
include appearances in English 
and Canadian repertory theaters, 
in the U.S. on Broadway, the LA 
Music Center, and San Diego's Old 
Globe Theater. Many movies, 
appearances on BBC Television 
Theater, sac Festival Theater, 
Hallmark Hall of Fame and 

various televisio.n series are also Chamber Orchestra; Allan Vogel, 
part of Mr. ChrIStmas' many ac- oboed'Amore,isprincipaloOOistof 
tlvities. • the LA Chamber Orchestra, and 

the LA Radio Orchestra ; Marsha 

by Daniel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

The San Diego Symphony Orchestra repeated its premier concert 
with guest soloist Van Cliburn, before a second sold out house in tw~ 
days last Friday a\~e Civic Theatre. The Symphony was inconsistent 
throughout the n[ght, performing surprisingly well at some points, 
adequately at others, and poorly at other points. Van Cliburn was well 
received by4he audience. However, he proved to be disappointing 
although ~ome of the disappointment may have been due to the natur~ 
of the piece he perfonned. 

The second "Friday Evening in 
Del Mar," January 16, features the 
California Double Reed Quartet 
from Cal Arts, playing 
arrangements of the Art of the 
Fugue and Renaissance music. 
For greater interest, the Quartet 
will be joined by Patricia Welsch 
on the harpsichord. They are all 
eminent musicians. Sand Dalton, 
oboe, Is a member of the LA 

Maria Muldaur to Appear 
at UCSD Saturday Night 

Singer M8ria MDldaur, 'IIbo8e hit teeOrcttn, 01 "Midnlght at the Oasis" 
earned her . a gold record and national attention as a jazz artist, will 
perform bereSaturday, November I, IU:30 p.D;1. in the main gym. 

Admission Is $4.50 for U~D students in advance and $5.50 for the 
general public. Tickets are available at the boz office. 

Muldaur grew up in Greenwich Village where she learned music' from 
the impromptu commwtity concerts in the park on Sunday afternoons. 
Following high school she became- associated with the Friends of Old 
Time Music and learned fiddle playing from Gaither Carlton. She took 
pa rt in family sings and played and sang at parties and hoot nights in the 
village. 

Two years later blues singer Victoria Spivey put together the Even 
Dozen Jug Band which included Muldaur. She later joined another group 
called the Kweskin Jugband which appeared on a number of TV shows 
and toured the country for six years. 

In 1973 she made her first album, "Maria Muldaur," which Jon Landau 
in Rolling Stone called "One of the half-d~n best albums of the year, the 
kind of glorious break-through that reminds me why I fell in love with 
rock and roll ." 
By June 1974 both the album and the hit single "Midnight at the Oasis" 
were in the various Top 20 lists around the country. Her second album 
" Waitress in a Donut ShOD." was released in December 1974, and includ~ 
a n older song, "I'm a Woman," with Paul Butlerfield on harp. 

Maria Muhlaur ..... IMr way up frolll hoot nlglit. in Greenwich 
to a IIItional .. W ....... . 

MOM'S SALD 
PRESENTS 

MARGUARITA 
GHT 

EVERY 

No BlUf' .karl •. and You Mu I Be 2 1 

945 GARNET 
PACIFIC BfACH 

Taylor, English hom, founded the 
New World Baroque Players' John 
Steinmetz, bassoon, has ~n a 
member of the Claremont Summer 
Music Festival. 

Eric ChristlllCll 

For a change of pace, Jean 
Charles Francois,. will demon-
strate his amazing agility and 
versatility with a one man per-
formance 00 25 instruments of 
works by Netty Simon, Morton 
Feldman and Charles Wuorinen on 
March 5. Co-director of the Centre 
de Musique, Paris, Jean-Charles 
Francois has played under Boulez 
and as soloist in numerous 
festivals throughout Europe, and is 
currently a member of the UCSD 
Music faculty . 

Friday evening April 23, brings 
another innovation - possibly in 
the courtyard of St. Peter's Church 
- when the World Music Center 
directed by Bob Brown will present 
Balinese Music complete with 
appropriate accoutrements. 

And for the finale , May 21, an 
evening of baroque chamber music 
with Elizabeth Hamilton, ' ha~ 
sichord and Peter Farrell, cello, 
wiIJ be presented. The duo has 
appeared in concerts together in 
California music center, and in 
solo performances on both coasts. 

All events will be presented in St. 
Peter's Cburch, Del Mar, at 8 p.m. 
Each perfonnanct! will be followed 
by a sociable hour. 

sa _""SUUS a:a '.IIl,."ul.1 , , 

The concert was opened with an unusual curtain speech by con-
duetor Peter Eros, who announced that the concert would be dedicated 
to the memory of the late Walter Herber, former general director of 
the San Diego Opera. As a special tribute, the Symphony opened the 
program with an unlisted piece, the funeral music from Wagner's 
I "Goetterdaemmerung." 

.The perfonnance of "Till Eulenspiegel's Merry Pranks, Op. 28" by 
Richard Strauss set the tone for the rest of the concert. The first few 
measures Of. s~ings proved to be adequate, but not outstanding. But 
when the pnnclpal hC?rn, Jerry Folsom entered with the famous hom 
solo (depicting Till Eulenspiegel himself) there was a remarkable rise 
in the Orchestra's quality. 

It was this way throughout the concert . Whenever the hom section 
entered, the quality of the Symphony improved. On the basis of this 
perfonnance at least, this reviewer is willing to claim that the Sym-
phony's hom section is unsurpassed by any orchestra of similar 
stature. 

The choice of MacDowell's "Second Piano Concerto in D minor, Op. 
23" surprised and disappointed many people who probably expected to 
hear a more famous and difficult piece such as the Rachmaninoff 
"Concerto No.2." But mov,ing beyond the programming into the ac-
tual perfonnance, Van Cliburn was still disappointing. While ob-
viously having a bad night (which is still not a good excuse ) Van 
Cliburn blundered through the concerto which in no way approached 
the complexity of the other works that he perfonns so well . 

The Brahm's " Symphony No. 1 in C minor" was also sketchy and 
inconsistent. The first movement was acceptable. Technically it was ' 
well perfonned, but it sounded as if a machine were playing it. This 
same probiem was blatantly obvious in the second movement, which 
was much too mechanical. Brahms was a leader of the Romantic 
Movement, and a mechanical performance of his music is a cardinal 
sin . It leaves the audience gritting its teeth in frustration as it tries to 
pull emotion out of the orchestra. 

The finale of the piece, however, made up for the frustration of the 
second movement. The entire Orchestra was exceptional, particularly 
the brass section. Indeed, the horns and trombones seemed to carry 
the Symphony to the brink of excellence. 

Peter Eros should be especially commended for his fine control of 
the Orchestra . A conductor such as Eros, who acknowledges the 
perfonnance of the orchestra before he acknowledges the applause of 
the audience, always shows he has style. 

"Daddy was a Welfare Check" 
" Daddy Was A Welfare Check," 

an original play by Arthur 
Graham, premiered last August at 
San Diego State University 
Experimental Theatre and was 
acclaimed 1)y Soul Radio as "a 
total experience, a dramatic ex-
plosion of rare intensity and 
beauty." 

Writer-director Arthur Graham 
is the author of "The Last Shrine," 
a one-act about Hambone Jones, an 
indestructible shine boy. Graham's 
latest play, "Daddy Was A Welfare 
Check," provides a penetrating 
look at a family pulling together in 
the midst of crippling economic 

conditions and emotional conflicts. 
It is scheduled to continue 
premiering at "Stage 7," in 
downtown San Diego, on a four-
week engagement during 
November, every Friday, 
Saturday and Sunday, 8 pm cur-
tain ; Saturday and Sunday 
matinee, 2 pm curtain; with a 
special Thanksgiving per-
formance, November 'l:l at 8 pm. 

Mandeville 
Recital 
on Saturday 

I BEACH BIKE 
I SPECIAL 
= 

UCSD Music Faculty Concert of 
Contemporary Music is here. Swiss 
flutist, Bernard Batschelet, per-
cussionist Jean-Charles Francois, 
pianist Cecil Lytle, trumpeter 
Edwin Harkins, and a cast of other 
distinguished musicians will 
perfonn works by Zender, Stokes, 
Paccione, Feldman Berio, and 
Marshall, Saturday, November 1, 
at 8 pm, in the Mandeville Recital 
Hall. 

~ 
~ 
! 
::: j 
== ~ 

I 
::: 

I 

• remove all r ust 
• remove chaIn and clean 
', 'gh len spokes and true whee ls 
• adjust brakes 
'adiust front and rear deraillers 
• 0 01 where needed (we use WD·40 exclus'vely I 
• adjust all cables 
• ~djust crank set and headset 
• adjust wheel cones and bearings 

HAMEL'S 
BIKE SHOP 

_crOSI from Belmont p,rilt 
704 Vtnlur. P .. c~ M,nlon B~ech 

488-5050 

Berio's "Sequenza for Flute 
Alone," is one work of a series 
intended to explore polyphonic 
possibilities of single instruments. 
Through skillful contrasts in 
register, dynamics and attacks, 
Berio is able to create the illusion 
of polyphony even with a 
monophonic instrument like the 
flute. 

Before joining the UCSD Music 
Department, Sernard Batschelet 
had a busy career as soloist in 
concerts in his native Switzerland, 
Germany and France. A winner of 
numeroU!! first prizes of com-
petitiOILS 10 bllsel and L;urtcn, tus 
repertory extends from Bach and 
his contemporaries to avant'S2!'rie 
music of today, such as works by 
Boulez, Berio, Madena \ Earle 
Brown, among others. 

The concert is 
free and open to the public. 



Cruiser 
byRacW*-StaIIW,. 

If you're a ('OIIIIDUW tired 01 las 
....... and that framIc aearch 
for a parking p~ at 10 In the 
1DCIl'Ding, the Coat Cruiser may be 
tile perfect aalution. 

For thoee off campus residents 
who lift in North County without 
cars_ the CruIser seems to be 8 
most reliable alternative to hitch-
hiking. Providing the " missing 
link" In public transportation 
between Oceanside and the San 
Diego Transit, the Coast Cruiser 
can be seen 8Dlbllng along every 
Monday through Friday. 

) 

Begtiuung Its route In Le~cadla 
at 7 BDl, and cootinuing through the 
evening until 10 pm, the Coast 
Cruiser coonecta Del Mar, Solana 
Beach, Encinitas and leucadia 
with UC San otego. ' 

Riders can also make CO~ 
nections with the San Dielo city 
lines lOR" and 41 at the Univ~ty 
and with the San Diego ':'ransit In 
Encinitas and Solana Beach. 

Fares are ooly 25 cents each 
way. The CruiSer will stOp by 
request at any point en route at 
which It is safe to do so. Bicycles, 
pets, surf boards and personal 
baggage Ill8y accoOlpany the 
pa$senger at the driver's 
discretion without extra charge. 

.rI.c.I.I~ 
LeaHd By UCSD 

The Coast Cruiser Ia Ieued by 
UCSD from Aztec Bill Unes of San 
Diego. The University tries to 
generate as Oluch b)co[oe as 
possible through fares and a~ 
vertlaing 00 and outside the bus. 

UCSD and other orsanizations 
also have the opportunity to 
charter the Cruiser at reuonable 
rates · for weekends, holidays, or 
certain hours during the day to 
help Oleet the Cruiser's costs, 
which average $24,000 annUilly. 

Fares are only covering less than 
half of the Cruiser's total ex-
penditure, with subsidies being 
given it by the Del Mar City 
ColUlcil. 

The Coat Crulaer's six UCSD 
student drivers give the bus a 
friendlyatlDOllphere. 

Steve Valdez, one regular driver, 
enjoys his job with the Cruiser. "I 
like driving the bus because I get 
out on the road. The passengers 
are generally pleasant and 1 doo't 
feel like 1'01 bored or cooped up In 
an omce. I feel good because 1 
know 1'01 offering a needed ser-
vice." 

Spring quarter, the Coast 
Cruiser will be looking for new 
drivers. 

Further inquiries, suggestions, 
complaints and improvements can. 
be directed to the manager at the 
Coast Cruiser office, located at the 
UCSD housing office on Matthews 
campus. 

Wed ... y, OeteberZl,1I71 

Strike • •• 
manas Women's Q]lfee Shop at 
7:30. A women's cooacloUlllleSS-
ralaing selllioo will be held at the 
WOIDeD's Club at 9:00, followed by 
a financial consciOUIDeaH'Ilising 
session at 11:00 and a con-
sciousness-raising selllion for IDen 
at 3:00. 

Planned for the evening Is a slide 
show 00 sexism In advertising at 
8:00, a rally at 7 pm and a speech 
by Mayor Lorraine Boyce of 
Escondido at 8:00, all at the 
. Women's Club. 

Events have been scheduled for 
the day at San Diego State 
University and Grossmont College, 
and a number of local businesses 
are holding discussions about the 
roles of feIll81e eOlployees. 

TRiTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
Ru .... nd R .... 

Classified. should eflher be prlnled or Iyped on a 3"x5" card (available In 
Triton TImes oIflce) . They may be submitted anytime between 9 and noon 
and 1 and. p.m. 

The following rates are for 100 spaces - il you use more spaces. lhe rale 
will double. (100 spaces --25 cenls: 101 10200 -- 50cenls) . 

Personals - SI 
Losl and Found -- Iree 
Other ads: sludenls - 25 cents 

nonstudents -- $1 . 
Deadlines: • pm Friday lor Monday; • pm Monday lor Wednesday; • pm 

Wednesday for Friday. 
Announcemenls: Iree . ... 11 announcements will run In the Monday 

calendar . Deadline for calendar. 4 pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections 10 listings in the Schedule 01 Classes for 

regular Unl.ersily courses will be charged $1.1 

ItOUSiNG 

Join the lun. PI . Loma TenniS Club con-
dominiums 1 & 2 Bdrm 523.goo.$32,900. 
Pool . Jacuzzi, saunas , exerciae rms, 4 lit 
lennls courts. security guards . Key Really 
222·0464 or 224-0667 (1 0 /31) • 

Roommate wanled nice 3 Bdr house on 80uth 
sideo! O.B. JO yds loclilfs . own room $86 .00 
plus1/3utllilies223-7539 (10/31) 

Wanled:' 1 roommate F or own Bdr In 2 Bdr 
apl In Pacific Beach $95 piuS uti . Call Lewis 
aI447-3613 . (10/29) 

Free r""t In a house (own room-fur) till end 01 
Nov. lor light housekeeping - broke my 1001. 
Steve 755-7269. (10 /29) 

Share huge 2Br house In S . Msn Sch . 
Garage , patio. pi';o. Unlurn . 5165 renl. Call 
Roger belore 9am 488-8543. (10 /29) 

Nice 2 Bdrm unl apt. S220/mo. Near beach. 
cruiser. carnegles . 2252 Via "'prilia 755-6192 
e.es. (10 /31) . 

Roommate needed . 2Br apl . Cardill . 107.50 
mo plus 'h elec . Close to 15 , bus. bch . Call 
Brian at 753-7185 evenings . 00/29) 

Calculators-HP21 ·$118 . HP22-S155. HP25-
$182. SR5O ... -S91 . SR51 ·$140. 5 Day 
delivery . Send price plus 6 percent tax (pref. 
moneyorder) 10 Cheap Calculator Co. 6J.141h 
SI. Davis, C'" 95616 Queslions call 8OQ.952-
5252. (11 126) 

"'mazing 1975 Honda CB400F (. CVls) with 
jusl 500 miles - only SI099. For a deal call 
Scott - 453-5036. (10/31) 

ROOIS shoes - Excel:ent COndition. Mens 
size 8 (Womens Size 11»). Best oller abo"" 
$25 48Hl642 (10129) 

CoTTAGE CRAfTS b~~a::~ , i~~ ir~ ~t~~'n 
E pl It W ld Fine Art Supplies X ORE ANOT ER OR Melaphysico) Books 

1049 Cam ino Del Mar (lemon Tree Corner ) Man -Sot 9 :30-5 . 30 

SUPE RB 
. FOOD'ATMOSPHERE' 

. SERVICE' PRICE -
35 Delicious Crepes 

Complete Di nners From $2.95 
Steak and Cr'pe $ 5.50 
IRESH FISH 'TERIYAKI STE AK 

NEW YORK' STUFFED PORK CHOPS 
• STEAK AND LOBSTER-

a®Pl~i~eR~al 
~@PlG~eJ2leS 
918 f?rDSpCGt g~peet 
UD Jolin. GDli~ . 8203, 

iJld 454~8J I.2 
BEERand WINE .LUNCH and DINNER 

SALE !! Turquoise Jewelery WHOLESALE Are you adopled? Seeking nalural parenls? 
PRICES . CaIl . 55·5671 ask for Fred CU'l om 232~100r P .O . 33272SD92103 (1 0 /31) 
orders alsol!! (11/3) 

1969 ' Charger. Excellent Condition . A ir 
condition . Power s&B . S780 or !Jesl. 566-
7423 alter 9pm. (1 0 /29) 

For sale Sony SterllD System. Excellent 
condition originally cost over $500, seiling 
lor$375. ~-0668. (10/29) 

GOOD MORNING 

FRIDAY 

PUBMIRAORS 
IN FRONT OF GYM 

BESTPAICES 
11 -3 (10 / 29) 

HP 45 Scientific Calculal or w i case. 
recharger & Instructions . Excellent condo 
Good price. 222-9563. (10 / 29) 

WANTEd 
Pianists and guilarlsls . Need money? Read 
music? Good technique? Evenings Iree for 3 
weeks beginning November I? Interested In 
playing In a production 01 Camino Real? 
Conlacllhe Drsma Dept. - 452-3791. GOOD 
PAY ! (10/31) 

Need extra cash? Paying top dollar for your 
U.S. Sliver coins mlnled before 1965. Ken 
453-7924 . (11/26) 

I need tuloring In Thermochemestry3C. 
Please call 454-4957 Thursday Irom 12:00 to 
3 :00 pm . (10/29) 

o 

SERVICES 
Workshops Te ... In-old master preparations & 

People mo""". Moving advice and 
... Isla""" . Very reasonable . Call Jeff 272-
3078. (11 /26) 
THE WOOD DOVE-A gourmel Natural Foods 
Restaurant , recently opened I" Solana 
Beach, 150 "'cacla (Nexi 10 Another Bird) . 
Openl1 -11 . Olnnerlrom5-IO. SpedaJolfer : 
Fruit Smoothle, ~5 cents . Oct . 15-Nov. 15. 
Tel 755-5810. 

Do you really leet like sltllng up lon lght to 
gel thai paper typed thai was dInIlast week? 
lei me do II - call Sher 279- t418 Clalremont. 
(11/26) 
Collegiate reserach alds-lhousands on Ille. 
Send $1 lor your 160 page mall order catalog . 
Research "'sslslance. 11322 Idaho Ave .206 
Los"'ngeles CA 90025 . 213-4n-8474 (1119) 
Personal ized Christmas cards - a wide 
assortmen t Irom ""ry contemporary 10 very 
tredltlonal . Order early & save 15 percenl . 
Call and save bolh $ and foolwori< "53.Q387 . 
(10/29) 

Typing - IBM Correcting Setectrlc . Thesis. 
manuscript - llel. & lech. Experienced . J .... X 
319<1 (SIO) . (10 /31) 
Typing- Marilyn would like to Iype your paper. 
Ihesis. book. She is experienced. lasl, 
reasonable. and has a correcting IBM. Please 
call her at 565-7060. (10 /29) 

FLUTE LESSONS-Classical Instruction by 
e,perlenced flutist w ith Eur. & "'mer. 
training. Advanced studenls as well as 
beginners welcome . Develop lone . 
technique , & musical interpreiallon. leonard 
Fenlon - 452·9208 (11/ 7) 

lechnlque • . Orawlng paslel, oils , SIIIIIII . & Sign Language class. Wed 6 :30pm In 
life. Bill "*0709. (11 15) Disabled Stud""tCanler. (10/29) 

ru'l.irnutty of {!a.li(o~n.ia, .:Ea.n. 7::JlL90 
{!a.mpuj. !Pw9'U2m f}3oa~d 

pU:1£nt~ 

Hollywood EXTRAVAGANZA 
. • FRidA Y NiGhT 
EVENiNG of FillE FilMS 
~1~t11 t)f 1t1.: lI~lll~ ()£>caCi 
l'call ~'I . 
"'CI§<llJ£> t)f Ill£> ~ro ()f;calt1 

IIl~ct<l':I§ frt)1n "'call 
1 f ££>1 t)f [;1. 100 

USB 2722 7:00 pm $1 b~ys alii 
SATU.dAY· FilM 

I1rurt§ c)rKI ..allcl8 
7:30 & 10:00 Mandeville Aud. 

BlolChem Clin ic I. open I Drop by Sun 7-10, 
Mon-Thur. 12·5 .... d 7:10, end Friday 12-5. 
110/31) 
MOO'ocan Belly Dance . An Ancient 
expression 01 total lemlnlnlty . CI .... are 
now being oflered al Robert Moormans 
Academy 01 Karate, Kung Fu .... d Yoga. 230 
Birmingham A"" . Cardill. CA. PI ... CaIJ 
"*2935 or 756·" 67 Y ALA II t (10/29) 

nred 01 spending SO much time studying? 
Get Prof Appro¥ed " Lecture Noles" . Sold M· 
Th 11 :00 - 1:00 Revelle Ouad - get aI( back 
Issues. (10 /2\1) . 

Europe, Israel . Orienl , NY. TGC low-ccel 
flights. A lst ,.36 S. LaClenega BI. L .... . 
90035. 714-544-93330r213~2-2727 (11/26) 

SKI UT ... H - Nov 26-Dec 1. $99.95 Trans LiltS 
& lodging . All •• Snowbird Park City . Slgnup 
In Rm 20 Reo Gym - Ski Clut) . (10129) 

DEBBIE - WHAT?! 118n scc~tllllel*aonet 
Is not in by Frl. ; YOU owe ME a dinner. 

. -DENNIS (10/29) 

Lost-Baseball glove Spalding-Roger Marls If 
seen please call Mike at 45J..8.e6 or at Muir 
Apto Oll (10/27) 

Lost : 1 tan pair "OP· cord shorts . USB bldg 
1 0/22 . Any Inlo: Call Alan 755-2543. 
REW ... RD. (10/29) 

Found 10/ 216 wallet .... d sungla .. es by Mu ir 
Tennl. Courts . Gall Yvonne X3889 . (1 0 /29) 

Wedaeaday,OdoberZl,1I71 

oFFENSivE 
by Scott Sadil 

Practically Nonna! Human Beings 

The 1M ·Poople 
Intramural athletes abound! They are everywhere. They comprise 

the largest organized body of students on this campus. Like it or not , all of 
us know at least one. Probably more. 

We can no longer ignore them. They are practically normal hwnan 
beings and deserve to be treated as such. Their tiOle has come. Let them 
stand up and be counted. Because an intramural athlete is : 

• The star .athlete that by-passed big t4J1e (college and/or pro) sports 
because he did not want the " fWl to go out of competition because of too 
much emphasis on winning and professionalism." 

• The high school clarinet-playing marching band member that can 
now tell his parents that he is playing college athletics. 

o The girl that proudly shows off her green, purple, and black bruise 
that runs froOl her thi~ to her ankle. . 

oThe. reason that Spoi-ts Illustrated is no longer on the regular 
magazIne shelf in the Hwnanities Library and Olust.noW be checked out 
at the circulation. 

• The sOftball player that thinks a pop-up to the shortstop is a good 
reason to have another beer. 

• The person(s ) that turned in the answers to the first TT Sports Quiz. 
• The girl that plays on a coed team with six bronze muscular surfers 

because " football is really fun ." . 
·The basketball player that opposed war, military spending, and 

violent actions, but squares off and yells at the first person who touches 
him if his team is not winning. 

Continued on Page 8 

UCSD and Point loma soccer players joined forces for a few 
minutes last week in an effort to find, yes, the contact lens . 
The Tritons were soon credited with finding the lens and also 
winning the game_ UCSD traveled to the All-Cal Toume, at UC 
Santa Crul, and came home with a 2-2 record. 

" Artwork byJlm Evans' 
"25 cenls off wi lh this ad" 

833.500ttOOO 
Unelaimed 
Sehoiarships 
Over $33.500.000 unclaimed scholarships, grants, aids, and 
fellowships ranging from $50 to $10.000. Current list of 
these sources rlSllrched and compiled as of Sept. 15, 1975. 
UNCLAMED SCHOLARSHft 
11275 Massachusetts Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90025 . 
o lam enclosing $9.95 plus $1 .00for posuge and handling . 

------------------------I . PLEASE RUSH YOUR CURRENT LIST OF I I UNCLA.ED SCHOLARS ... SOURCES TO: I 
I I 

I :~ I I City SUte .Zip__ I L ~C"jfOmll ..... dlnta .... edd II" .1 .. ... .1 J 
------------------------

Polomen Split 
With UCR, 
Pepperdine 

by Bob Sieiner 
Slaff Writer 

Coach Gary Becker and his 
merry band of waterpolo players 
fell upon hard times again last 
Wednesday, as they were stopped 
by top rated Pepperdine Univer-
sity at Malibu. 

Unconditioned to playing in the 
oversized Pepperdine University 
pool, the Tritons suffered a major 
setback at the beginning due to 
their lack of experience in all deep 
pools. 

Said Becker, " It was like playing 
a game of waterpolo in the ocean." 

Not only was the size of the pool a 
major factor, but the UC San Diego 
team also failed to establish an 
effective offense or defense. 
Playing the superior Pepperdine 
team, the Tritons just generally 
failed to "get it together." 

H an ~pset had been intended, it 
was obViously the wrong day for it 
as the UCSD team played one of 
their worst games this season. It 
was no wonder that Becker had 
nothing to comment on at the 
conclusion of the game; as there 
was nothing ~o say. 

Rearranging his lineup , Becker 
brought his team against uc 
Riverside on Friday and once 
again the IUld«:rrated waterpolo 
team showed it's potential in a 
stunning 7-4 victory over their 
opponents. 

Top scorer, Dennis Thomas, led 
the Tritons in offensive attacks 
that displaced any doubts on the 
team's abilities as a competitive 
waterpolo team. Backed by goalie 
Bob Ali the defense effectively held 
off thE:ir opponents by stopping 
several scoring drives. 

With the new starting lineup, the 
Tritons regained the zeal that they 
seemed to have lost in the past few 
games. 

" I expect to see quite a change in 
our remaining games," said 
Becker in regard to his lineup 

Cu nfinued Oil Pa~(' 8 

Page 7 

UCSD's Divid Harry sets up a pass around some nasty defense 
(TJ Photo' Paul Jarvis) -
TT Game of the Week 

1M Waterpolo: Stronger Team 
Quacks Down on Tubers 

by RonKato 
Staff Writer 

Playing in the twilight, the 
Quacks, scoring with less than 
three minutes on the clock, downed 
the Malignant Tubers , 7~ . It was 
last week 's 1M game of the week, 
chosen at random. 

The Tuber's, winning their 
season opener last week, un-
successfully tried to pull an upset 
over the Quacks as they initiated 
play . minus one player. Despite 
falling behind by as much as three 
goals in the third quarter, though, 
the Tuber's were able to tie up the 
game before the start of the final 
and game deciding period. 

Martha Cartwright opened the 
scoring early in the game to give 
the Quacks a quick 2-0 lead. Before 
play could end in the.first quarter 
each team exchanged goals to 

OUT FOR 

TO 

close out the scoring at 3-1. The 
score at halftiOle became 3-2 as 
Tuber's Ken Lechmann scored the 
lone goal of the second quarter. 

A crucial play of the game oc-
curred midway through the third 
quarter when Rick Erikson of the 
Tuber's had his possible game 
tying goal recalled when he 
crossed the two yard line while 
scoring. The score, however, was 
evened up at five-aU when Lech-
mann and Erikson cOOlbined for 
th~ee goals in the latter half of the 
same period . 

The 'fuber's finaliy gained an 
upper hand of the game when 
Andrew Pall scored to open the 
final quarter. Rich McCoy of the 
Quack's then scored the tying and 
go ahead goals to give his team a 7-
6 advantage. A penalty nullifying 
the Tuber's last goal of the game 
gave the Quacks their first victory 
of the season. 

rlt£ UNiVERSiTY BooksTORE 



..... 

Offensive • • 
• Someone who kn(, who Lee Johnson Is. 
• Someone who d ~.s pot know who Peter Syka Is. 
• A person that th~ the. only reason the San Diego Union is a bad 

newspaper is because i~ sports section is lousy. 
• The student in th! Fourth College writing course that writes papers 

titled "Hit the Ball" ld "Play to Win." 
• A male that weal5 an athletic supporter as part of his attire just to ' 

run laps around Muir field. 
• Someone that feels Saturday night munchies are a legitimate ex-

ception to their normal healthfood consciousness. 
• Anyone that thinks intramural ' games are worthy events to be 

covered by the Triton Times. . 

Water Polo • •• 
change. "By the end of the season, 
we should be a very competitive 
team." 

The Tritons meet LA State here 
Saturday at 4 pm in a continuation 
of their rough schedule. A close 
game Is expected and hopefully 
both students and fans will come to 
watch and support their team. 
Coach Becker guarantees ~t it 
will be well worth your while. 

• Someone in that group of people who always claim to know somebody 
that is a brother of someone that ooce played major league baseball. A I · . 

• A bare-chested flag football player on a foggy cold late-November umnl • • • 
afternoon. 

• The guy in the dorms that bought a $32 pair of Adidas but who would ' must be U~D gradua~. There 
not chip in fifty cents for some laundry detergent. are currently representatives from 

• The baseball player that claims he was a third base coach all through every graduating class. e~cept 1972 
high school only because his manager said he had "a good baseball and 1974. Numerous C1V1C leaders 
mind." . are on t~ board as well as 

• Anyone that thinks headbands are in. . repre~entatives from the ~n-
• The person that watches three football games, two editions of cellor s 9u~, the In~emational 

Grandstand, the tape of the USC game, and the 6: 00 sports news show on Cl~b, Scnpp s Alumm, and the 
the only sunny day of winter quarter because "there is nothing else to ~rlends of the U~O students do." hbrary. Nedelman repres~nts the 

• The athlete that wears an ace bandage on a trick knee obtained in undergraduates, and ~~re IS also a 
circumstances where the only real trick was how his partner did not graduate representative. 
scrape her back on the concrete too. In 1964, the late restaurant owner 

• Intramural athletes? Ah I love 'urn. Why some of my best friends Tom Ham founded an Honorary 
play IMs. ' Alumni Association. Since there 

Hell, if anybody is looking for a pigeon-toed running back with aU the were no real alumni then, Ham's 
moves of an O.J. but the speed of a three-legged tortoise, my dreams went organization acted as an alumni 
out the window when WFL folded so I am available for the 1M cham- association would, maintaining 
pionship drive.. . contacts in the community and 

providing the University with 

~ ••••••••••••••••••• 
~ p.' . ~ 
.. 4 ETRIC~ § ~ 
.. ITALiAN Food .. 
it PiUA & SANdwicltES .. t HAllOWEEN SpEciAL t 

~~ 5~ eU atcy ~ ",uad Ii ... 
~ 2555 Moreno Bl vd . 275-2555 ~ ~ 3945 Governor Dr . 452 -0661 exp. 1~29 ~ 
••••••••••••••••••• it 

<:.J 
-' 

1 ~ "/ 
-" ~ l'; \~ 
~ A -'~ 

The Hair Garden 
McKellar Plaza 

1250 Prospect St., La Jolla 454-5277 
Organic Products Natural Styling 

Attention 
Minority and low income 

Juniors and Seniors 
A Grad u a te and Pro feSSional School Recru itmen t Day w ill be held at 
the Student Center 

TUESDAY NOVEMaER 4th .• 1975 

10'00 a . m . to 4.0') p .m . 

Meeting to beglr p rom ptly at 10:00 a . m . in North conference room . 
Un iversl.ty Grad LO 1<> r<>rr"~ .. ntalives w d I make short presentat io n 
on their respe : tlve cam pus programs ... adnl i~~r"nG, financ ial 
assistance etc . 

Ta bles w ill be se u p In ou tSIde area for i ndividual intervie ws . 

Representatives : All UC cam puses : Davis, Santo Cruz, Berkeley, 
Riverside , IrVine , UCLA, UC Son FranCISCO , Santo Barbaro , Stanford 
UniversIty . 

by Coordinating Committee on Graduat 
rofesslanal Ad vancement Career Plann ing & Plac 
ducatlonal Opportunity Prog ram . 

All students are invited to attend 

certain services. . 
A regular Alumni association 

was founded in 1970 but according 
to Showley, that group didn't do 
much and was replaced by the 
.present organization. 

Special Rates 
For the $15 annual dues, Alumni 

and Friends are provided with 
special 'rates for campus events 
including student rates for CPB 
affairs and granted use of. certain 
UCSO facilities such as the library. 

The annual dues also provide 
funding for the Alumni office. 
Currently there is a drive to sell 
more lifetime memberships to 
students through four year in-
stallments to the student's family. 
This will provide both Alumni 
services to the family and mem-
bership to the student after 
graduation. 

Plans are in the works for an 
"Alumni College" which would 
provide weekend seminars on 
issues such as ecology and health 
care. This year, the Alumni and 
friends established a lecture 
series. The first lecture featured 
Dr. Robert Hamburger who 
discussed his recent discovery in 
allergy prevention. 

This year the Association gave 
three students scholarships of $250 
and there are plans to hold a 
student-selected Teacher of the 
Year uet. 

lfeaelday, October a, 1171 

NEWS iN BRiEf .J 
Muir Pumpldu Drop 

The second Annual Muir 
Pumpkin Drop will take place on 
Friday. 

A pwnpkin is to be dropped from 
the nth Roor of Tioga Hall by the 
strongest person from Muir. This 
spectacular event will take place 
at noon. A pie-eating contest will 
follow at 12:15. All gluttons are 

. invited to participate. 
The victor winner will receive a 

special Halloween prize. 

CaUforuJa State Sebolanhtpe 

Applications for California State 
Scholarships are available in the 
Financial Aid offices on Matthews 
campus. Applications mUst be 
completed by midnight, Dec. 6, 
1975 and a 1976-77 Parents' Con-
fidential Statement must be filed 
with the College Scholarship 
service by midnight, Dec. 6. 

Some 3300 awards will be 
available for currently enrolled 
college students who are not 
already in the State Scholarship 
Program. 

Poetry Reading Scheduled 

A reading by noted author 
Fielding Dawson will open the UC 
San Diego literature department's 
New Poetry Series. 

Dawson will appear today at 4 
pm in the Revelle fonnallounge. 

The author of The Black 
Mountain Book, Krazy Kat and 
Other Stories and The Greatest 
Story Ever Told, Dawson was 
associated with Black Mountain 
College, an important literary 
experiment ofthe 1950s. 

He has also written film, art and 

UC San Diego. 
efforts of all three publications. 

In it's first five issues the UC San 
Diego has covered stories about 
Nuclear Energy, the University 
Housing Controversy, a hospital 
milk bank, religion, and women in 
films. 

The purpose of the paper, ac-
cording to its editor Barbara Ann 
Firger, is to focus on people who 
are doing interesting things on 
campus. One of the biggest 
complaints to the paper is that 
"Nobody knows what anybody else 
is doing," said Firger. This is true 
even within individual depart-
ments, she added. 

"UCSD is trying to evaluate 
itself. after eleven years and it is 
hoped that the UC San Diego will 
be one of the vehicles for this 

llterary criticism. 

Profeuor Elected 

A UC s..n Diego professor has 
been elected prelident~lect of the 
American Astronomical Society. 

E. Margaret Burbidge, a physics 
professor, will serve for one year 
88 president~ct,. then for two 
years 88 president of the society. 
Burbidge, who came to UCSD in 
1982, served 88 director of the 
Royal Greenwich Observatory in 
1971-72, as the first woman to hold 
that post. 

Semlnaroa FlDucel 

Finances, and how they relate to 
women in particular, will be the 
subject of two forthcoming UCSD 
Extension programs. 

Nov. 1, stockbroker Isabel 
O'Donnell will conduct a Saturday 
seminal:;. "The Financial Woman." 

Nov. 11, counselor Jeanne M. 
Mendoza will present an evening 
program titled "Death of a 
Relationship: Estate Planning for 
the Woman Alone." 

Both the one-day event and the 
Tuesday evening presentation are 
designed for women with little or 
no background in investment. 

"The Financial Woman" will 
survey the range of investment 
opportunities available to women 
of small, moderate and greater 
means-and cover stocks, bonds, 
real estate, trusts, mutual funds, 

. commodities, options and other 
possibilities. 

Enrollment is $17.50, through the 
Extension office or at the door (9 
am, Nov. 1, in the South Dining 
Room at Revelle Cafeteria, UC-
SO). 

• • 

encouraging people on campus to 
communicate with each other," 
said Firger. 

"The UC San Diego is directed at 
and available for everyone," states 
Firger. "We hope there will be 
things in it which are not found in 
the other campus media," she 
said. It is distributed at UCSO 
through several campus offices 
and the bookstore. 
Not an Administration Mouthpiece 

"We are not an administration 
mouth piece," stressed Firger. 

The UC San Diego publishes 3000 
issues a week at a cost of $209 per 
publication. Employed as its staff 

. is one full time employee (Firger) 
and two part time workers. 
Everyone in the Public Infor-
mation Office pitches in, however, 
according to Firger. 


