
Today's issue of the Triton Times includes two special reports, one by City Editor James Soto and the other 
by Senior Reporter Greg Hicks. Page three~ contains news of Wednesday's protest over President Ford's 
action on the Mayaquez incident, Third College's energy c9nference, and the Regent's action on UC 
San Diego's Master Plan. Arts, sports, and opinion are ~t ~he usual places. 

I Budget CPB Receives $42,050 for 1975-76 
by J~mes G. Soto 

City Editor 
have the excess money, if it does indeed exist, to be 
appropriated . 

The BRC allocation handled specific line items in the 
budget. The CPB has made additional allocations which 
total S13,200. This money will be spread among music, 
drama, and dance programs. Originally the money was 
to split evenly among the three groups . However, Diane 
Annala said that the anticipated Dance expenditure will 
be significantly less. Annala said that the money to be 
spent on dance programs will buy the same standard of 
quality due to an opportunity to cooperate with San 
Diego State on a number of programs. 

The Campus Program Board (CPB) made its final 
appropriations for th~ 1975-1976 budget Wednesday 
afternoon . 

The original deficit this year was projected at $4000: 
If the deficit does not materialize then $500 will go to 
the Mandeville Art Callery and $650 will go to the 
poetry reading program. 

Any additional money not used to cover the reduced 
deficit would be placed in the CPB contingency fund . 
This fund could be as high as 53000 more than the 
allocated $5000 contingency fund . 

The CPB, which has primary responsibility for the 
organization and funding of campus-wide cultural, 
artistic, and lecture programs has appropriated a total of 
$42,050 for next year's budget. Of that sum, $31,500 was 
provided by the Undergraduate Student Activity Fee 
and allocated by the Budget Resources Croup (BRC) . 
The rest of the CPB monies came primarily from the 
Registration Fee funds . 

Deletion of $7500 Deficit Less than Anticipated 

The CPB's Budget was first drawn up three weeks ago 
but new information led the Board. to make alterations 
in their budget. 

The CPB had anticipated a budget deficit for this year 
early this quarter . However, a re-evaluation by Diane 
Annala and Bruce McDonald of Arts and Lectures of the 
projected deficit, prompted the Board to arrange to 

The CPB had requested $46,000 from the Budget 
Resources Croup (BRC) but was only allocated $31,000. 
The major cut in the CPB request was the deletion of 
$7500 for multi-cultural events . This item included 
monies for Black Consciousness Week, and Cinco de 
Mayo. Another item deleted was $4000 requested for 
Student Organization Programs . The BRC will allocate 
that program money separately. 

The other money not allocated by the BRC but to be 
spent by the CPB is a S5000 contingency fund. Money 
was also allocated to cover an expected deficit in this 
budget but the deficit is expected to be less than an-
ticipated . The contingency fund was not considered 
large by members of the CPB. This year, the CPB had a 
contingency fund of S7000. Annala said that the fund 
was all used up during the fall quarter. 

The BRC allocation specifically determined certain 
expenses . 

Though there are eight students on the board, only 
four were present at the Wednesday meeting. 

Part 1 of 4 

Campus Activities Lack Input 
Editors Note: This is the first of 
a four part sen'es on Arts and 
Lectures Programs at UC San 
Diego. Today 's Article con-
siders the CPB and Muir 
College . Next Weds article will 
cover Third and Fourth College 
Programs. The third article will 
cover Revelle College and 
Campus Organization. 
Programs. The final article will 
cover the future for the Arts 
and Lectures at UCSD. 

by Grea Hicks 
Senior Reporter . ~ 

To what extent do students DeanJim Beckley 

u 
• 

control the way money is spent successful and what failed . It 
for campus activities? If the examines attendance, critical 
various activity committees don't reviews, and conversations with 
provide the kinds of activities people who attended the events. 
students want, what is the reason At these initial meetings, as 
for this, and what can be clone to well as others throughout the 
change it? To answer these year, the Board sets general 
questions there must be a close policy guidelines. Students can 
look at the multitude of come to the meetings and listen 
organizations which plan social , to the discussions. They can voice 
cultural, and recreational ac- their opinions by dropping by the 
tivities on campus. office of members of the Board or 

By far the largest single by writing a note to someone on 
planning committee is the the Board. They can also, of 
Campus Program Board (CPB), course, talk to their represen-
which will have a budget of tatives on the Board . • 
around $40000 for the '75-'76 ' The CPB tries to weigh the 
school year.' The Board attempts various categories, attaching 
to represent all of the com- dollar figures for films, lectures, 
ponents of the university : there concerts, etc . ~hat the Bo~rd 
are six undergraduate members attempts to do IS set a policy 
two graduate students fou; thrust, instead of planning 
faculty members and on'e staff specific activities. The latter is 
member . ' left up to the subcommittees, 
- Naturally the question which is which are composed of Board 
of special interest to students on and non-B?ard members with 
campus is " How were these eight ufficient experience. These deal 
students chosen to represent the with questions like "Should this 
graduate and undergraduate particular group be brought in for 
populations at UCSD?" The a concert?" or "Can we fit this 
students (as well as the rest of the group into the budget?" In other 
committee) were appointed by words, their function is to deal 
the Chancellor, but the process is with the pecific,s. . . 
not random or abritrary. The Not the Board S Responslbllty 
Chancellor makes the choices on What kind of problems does 
the basis of recommendations the Board face? According .to 
from the Graduate Student Diane Annala, an ex officio 
Council and the individual member of the Board who has 
college councils (for undergrads). worked with it for five years, 
There is one undergraduate " People don' t understand what 
student representative from each the Board is about. " They don't 
of the four colleges, as well as realize, . for example, that the 
two students selected by the Board is limited to a certain area 
Coop. Any student may apply for of programming. They ask for 
a position on the CPB, through more dances, but these are not 
the appropriate college councilor the Board's responsibility. 
the Coop. Another problem, according to 

Multi-Step Process Annala, is that the Board "deals in 
An Important feature of any areas of taste, areas that change 

decision-making organization is rapidly ." Many times, she says, it 
the procedures which it uses to i necessary to book events a 
reach those decisions. The CPB quarter or more In advance. 
has a multl- tep process of The Board , ays Annala, i "no 
decision-making At the better than the input of the In-
beginning of each year the Board dividual members ." In her 
reviews previous activities that It opinion the Board "si ncerely 
has sponsored, to judge what was de ire to program what makes 

the students happy." She feels 
that the Board is "sensitive to 
minority issues," but the board 
must have good information to 
work with . If they wish to make 
their views felt to a greater extent, 
minority students should, she 
said, talk to their representatives 
on the Board. 

Any student can talk to the 
Board's subcommittees or the 
Board members. The Board must 
evaluate, of course, whether the 
student's opinions or requests are 
representative of the larger body 
of students . The Board cannot 
really be responsive to student 
interests unless the student reps 
on the Board are in tune with the 
constituency they are supposed 
to speak for . 

The Board members must also 
fulfill the responsibi lities of 
attending meetings. According to 
Annala the absence of an "ac-
countability factor" has ham-
, 

pered the effectiveness of the 
Board in representing student 
interests . 

Events at Muir 
In addition to the CPB (which 

plans for the entire campus) there 
are several smaller program 
committees which plan events for 
each of the individual colleges. 
Events at Muir are handled by the 
Muir College Councii (MCC) and 
the Muir Residence Council . 

The Muir College Council 
i neludes six faculty and six 
student representatives . Five of 
the students are elected at large; 
one is elected by the Muir 
Residence Council (MRC) . ext 
year the representation will 
change somewhat: One at-large 
representative will be eliminated 
so that a freshman can erve on 
the Board . 

All students and faculty 
members have a source of input 

Continued from Page" 

. CPB program attempt to erve a broad speclnlm of preferences. 
Here batlDon were used thIS wee~ to promote the Pa"to",ime 
Circlls "ow appean'ng at UCSD. 



Triton Tim •• Friday, May 14, 1975 

Letters 0 the 
rueckner Defends Performance in Science 4B 

Editor ' 
At least 00£ memorandum has 

been circulated within the faculty 
and admini!tration and two 
letters written to the Trilon Times 
concerning Science 4B. The facts 

concerni~, this course are as 

follows : 
1. I volunteered to , teach the 

course at the request of Professor 
Suhl since no other faculty 
member in APIS or physics was 
willing to teach the course. 

2. APIS was unable to meet the 
course requirement for teaching 
assistants and, in addition, one of 
the teaching assistants assigned 
was not available. An APIS 
graduate student, who volun-
teered to help with the course, 
withdrew because.of his inability 
to meet the course respon-
sibilities . The full teaching 
assistant requirement was made 
up by the addition of two physics 
teaching assistants. These dif-
ficulties with T As caused con-
fusion in the first weeks of the 
course. The teaching assistant 
who had worked with Professor 
Rotenberg in the course, Donald 

E. Strebel, would have been 
highly useful if his experience had 
been available. 

3. Strebel, who has been a 
vehement critic of my conduct of 
the course, did not choose to 
make available to me or my 

, 

'(If 
l. I 

\-J (;; 
" ~ 
'V< 

teaching assistants his knowledge 
and experience of the course. 
There is no question in my mind 
that my T As and myself would 
have listened carefully to his 
comments since, apparently, he 
had worked effectively with 
Professor Rotenberg in the course 
in other quarters . 

4. The general structure of the 
course was taken from Professor 
Rotenberg, after discussion with 
the class. In addition to recitation 
sections, a teaching clinic was 
held open for approximately ten 
hours per week . The homework 
problems were worked out, 
posted, and made available in the 
library. After I found in the first 
lecture of the course that the 
class was too large to read writing 
on the blackboard , I used 
transparencies for the rest of the 
lectures. Copies of these were 

available in the library . The 
transparencies were written as 
well as possible although, with 
time and ~ecretarial help, typed 
versions could have been 
prepared . No demonstrations 
were given, follOWing Professor 
Rotenberg 's practice in the 
course. A weekly quiz was given, 
a midterm examination and a 
final examination together with a 
make-up examination for both 
mid-term and weekly quizzes and 
af'l additional special make-up 
examination for students with 
double absences. (One week's 
quiz was delivered to the class 15 
minutes late due to a breakdown 
in the machinery at the copy 
center . ) The students were 
allowed to drop one weekly quiz. 
The final grade was based on the 
five best weekly examinations, 
each weighted one·half, the 
midterm, with unit weight, and 
the final, with weight of three. 

5. APIS wa.s unable to make 
adequate secretarial help 
available for the course . My 
secretary, Catherine Leggate, 
supported by NSF funds, 
therefore found it necessary to 
make a large effort in support of 
the course, added to her already 
extensive duties. 

6. I was absent from lectures 
four times, and arranged in my 
absence to have a highly ex-
perienced and excellent lecturer, 
Professor William B. Thompson, 
take the course. My absences 
were~jlt scientific meetings or in 
giving colloquia, and on one 
occasion in discussions con-
cerni ng a research project to be 
funded through the University of 
California. 
, 7. Each week I spent ap-
proximately four hours in 
preparation of the two lectures, 

GSU Open Letter to the Chancellor 
I n recent years, graduate students at UCSD have 

been faced with deteriorating conditions for study 
and work. Increasing class sizes, constant job in-
security, and now projected budget cutbacks of 
major proportions, threaten not only the livelihood 
of graduate students and TAs, but the whole 
educational process at this University. If no action 
is taken, we will soon have a situation in which 
many mOre T As wi 11 face "discussion" sections of 50 
or 60 studen ts , in which graduate students will lack 
the means either to survive or to study, and in 
which undergraduate instruction will become a 

jok~ . 
The Graduate Student Union of the University of 

California at San Diego has been formed to resist 
this deterioration, and to pursue actively im-
provements in the quality of education and of 
graduate student I ife at this campus . We hope to 
work together, in any way possible, with the un-
dergraduate students, the faculty, and the staff, to 
achieve these aims. 

We consider the following to be the minimum 
conditions under which graduate students can 
begin to live, work and study decently: 

1. 50 percent TA employment or its equivalent for 
every graduate student for the duration of his/ her 
stay in his/ her program . 

John}i. Taylor 
Edltor-In-chlef 

2. Contracts for the full academic year, to be 
signed in the Spring quarter previous to the year of 
employment. 

3. No increase in student-TA ratio in any 
department; appropriate work-loads to be deter-
mined by the graduate students in each depart-
ment. 

4. Fee waivers for all "graduate students; tuition 
waivers for all out-of-s tate graduate students . 

We call for the University administration to 
recognize the urgency of these problems, and 
immediately to begin negotiations with the 
Graduate Student Union of the above four points-. 
At this late date in the year, we feel compelled to 
insist that these negotiations commence by 
Wednesday, May 21 . We expect the administration 
to reply in writing, indicati ng the time, the place, 
and the administration negotiators who will par-
ticipate in these sessions ., Our representatives will 
be a t your office to receive this written reply on 
MOnday, May 19, at 12 noon . Failure to respond in 
writing by that time wi II be construed by the 
Graduate Student Union as a refusal to negotiate on 
the above points, and as a refusal to deal with the 
students of this University in good faith . 

THE STEERING COMMITTEE, 
THE GRADUATE STUDENT UNION 

EdVl ard Simons 
M.lI8t lng editor 

011"1111::::1 G, Soto 
Staff w"J:iJers 

Ellzebeth Chlm.nt 
D.veEI .. n 

Steve Eemedlne 
M.rg.ret H_ev 

CllffHlrKh 

PrOd1tClion 
KethyCo •• 
Anne Lelbler 

K.,." M.lemud 
Robert McC.1I 

IA .... M .... Ed.' Cbarl~s HeimJer 
N-.edhor 

SaI'a J . Lowen 
Edi' orlel director 

Mark Stadler 
Community editor 

Paul Wagner 
Sporu editor Photo editor 

'KathyCoxe 
Secr.lIIry 

r--~Ie,":y Hodeon 
Ch.rt .. Hyde 
Creig J.ck.on 
Gerry K.ntor 

Clerence lUng 
SebNlel .. n 
Jim Nuckol. 
J.,ry R.dlch 
Scott Sed/l 

p.nlel Sh.wl., 
J im Shipmen 

M.nSymmon. 
Cr.ig Uchlde 

P.tti Wolf 
Rich.rd Yep 

Semor Reporter 
G,."Hfcb 

Son,.N .. h 
O.nle'.Mwler 

8111W1leon 
Busi1less 
OI""n I.,ry 

EeI8lI. Herzog 
D.nI8nMoore 

Gr.cle Yelvington 
(Alit. Bu •• M .... ' 

AnSoglDl., 
Michel. Mletu. 
Sh.uneStok .. 

Photography 
Ch.ri .. Eu 

Oenl •• PHk 

an additional three to four hours 
in examination preparation and 
wading supervision, and one to 
two hours in discussions with 
teaching assistants. Although I 
did not hold regular office hours, 
I was available in my office 
between 30 and 40 hours a week 
and saw every student who came 
to my office during that time. I 
estimate that approximately 150 
students came to see me during 
the quarter to discuss the various 
aspects of the course, excluding 
homework problems for which I 
referred them to the teaching 
assistant and the clinic. 

8. During the lectures, I asked 
students with questions to stand 
up and face the rest of the class, 
to make their questions audible. 
It is a well-known experience in 
large lectures that seated students 
asking questions are inaudible to 
the class. 

9. I experienced some difficulty 
in the first two or three weekly 
examinations because of the 
problems students had in han-
dling numerical examples , 
combin ing more than one 
concept or, in some cases, 
problems I did not state with 
sufficient clarity . These 
deficiencies once known were 
worked out by me in close 
collaboration with my teaching 
assistants, particularly Reagan 
MOOre. These difficulties with 
examinations arose from my use 
of techniques previously used 
repeatedly in the large physics 

undergraduate classes . I assumed 
incorrectly that the students 
would be able to do in tests 
problems essentially identical 
with homework assignments . 

There is no question in my 
mind that the proper handling of 
a course like Science 4B is dif-
ficult. The range of student 
ability, backgrou.nd , and 
motivation is too large to be 
handled by any single technique 
of lecture and examination . Every 
lecturer wi II have a different style 
of recitation and examination and 
musrpass through a brief learning 
period . I do believe, however, 
that it is a serious mistake to have 
classes which are so large and so 
heterogeneous . I do not believe 
there IS an effective way of 
dealing with such a class . Lec-
tures directed at the average 
student are boring for the good 
student and incomprehensible to 
the poor student. The good 
students should be given a more 
rigorous course and the students 
with less scientific interest a more 
descriptive course. This would 
certai nly be possible if large 
classes were broken down into 
smaller units. This might be 
possible if the undergraduate 
courses were not taught on a 
college basis but rather on a 
UCSD bas is, allowing a greater 
diversity of courses within the 
teaching ability of the faculty . 

KEITH A. BRUECKNER 
PROFESSOR OF PHYSICS 

The Triton Tim. i. offlcl.ltv rec:OV"zed •• • .tudent -., • .,.r by the 
Communlcetlon. 80.rd of UCSD, Publlc:etlon I. on MoncIIIya, W ........ y ••• nd, 
Frideya during the ... u .... ec:hool y .. r I .. c..,t on offlc ... hoIldeya,. Edhori.l.nd 
bu ...... offlc •• r.loce18d In 117 81.k. Hell on the R.v .... CDI .... cempu •. 

Lett.,. to the Editor .nd ,.I"on columna .r. w.lcomed. All aubmlulon. 
ehould be typed on •• -_c:e II". on non-corroelbl • .,._. Thw ehould not 
•• cNd thr .. .,.g. 'in 18IIgIII. TM Triton Tlmee r_", .. tM right tq edit .ub-
mi.alone bec8u .. of _cellmlllltloM oratyle r..,lr.rneme, 

for edltoriel , c.II4G·34II; for buein_ .nd .cIverti •• m .... lI. c.1I 4&2-3411. 

Who Are "Simple People"? 
Last Tuesday, the attendants of Dr. Voronel's talk got a chance to 

verify empirically the old dictum : somebody can be a "successful" 
scie ntist a.nd a total moron at the sa me time. 

Voronel was brought to campus by members of the Jewish com-
munity to reassu re them of what they all knew in advance- that the 
Soviet Union is not a place for them. 

I t was very interesting to see why the USSR is not a good place for 
the Jewish " Intelligentsia ." Voronel said that before the 1917 
revolution there was a gap between the Russian aristocracy and the 
"s imple people," and that at that time, the Jews were in-between these 
two groups. The gap, he explained, was determined by the privileges 
each group had in the Russian soc iety. 

After the revolution, the nature of the gap was changed in the se nse 
that the difference in privileges was decreased but, worst of all, he 
said, is that the "simple people" were up, and the intellectuals were 
down 

Of course, he never said who the "simple people" were, but we all 
know who they are . They are the people who feed the intellectuals , 
who clothe them, who build houses for them and have to work for 
them . And what do they get in return? No wonder they don' t like them . 

I understand that Voronel has gotte.n an " important" position in 
Israel where a lot of "s imple people" (e.g., Iraqui Jews, Kurdish Jews, 
Sephard ic Jews, and mainly the Palestinian Arabs) like him very much . 

NAME WITHHELD BY REQUEST 

How Did Hirsch Do It? 
Dear Mr. Hirsch: 

I n response to Tim Hirsch's 
article on the pre-med experience 
(TT, May 7J. we demand 
clarif ication of certain aspects 
that were conspicuos ly deleted or 
circumlocuted . 

Your article consists of two 
major topics : a public an· 
nouncement of your acceptance 
to medical school, and sup r-
fluow), poellc bullshit. 

There are a great number of 
pre-med~ at UCSD who don ' t 
de~erve to b lulled Into bell vlng 
th y c.an gain admiSSIOn to any 
Ill(>d I C ,11 ~c hool WI th le~,> tha n 
tompl't ltlve grad('~ We ..He 
conlldl'nl that pre nwds would bE' 

greatly benefited by knowing 
exact ly how you managed to gain 
admission to any medical school. 

What were the rules you used 
in plaving the mE>dical school 
gamei I n all fairness, your grades 
appear less than impressive. What 
re earch did you do, and for 
whom ~ Have you ever abused the 
grading system for your own 
benefltl 

Your readers anXiously await 
your d tailed re pon e 

MARl< MAGero 
I RLU VfRNAU lilA 

Rl! DWIL~N 

Friday, May 14, 1975 Triton TI mes 
Wednesday Rally 

Force Used to Retrieve Mayaquez Hit 
by M.ull Stadler 

Community Editor 
Wedensday afternoon, while 

the Ca mbodian government still 
held the 39 crew members of the 
merchant ship Mayaguez, there 
was a rall y held on the gym· 
nasium steps protesting military 
action taken by President Ford to 
regain the ship and men. 

Young Socialist Alliance [YSAj 
The main speaker, a member 

and antiwar a€:tivist Don Sorsa, 
compared the Mayaguez incident 
to the Gulf of Tonkin occurance 
in 1965, which was the basis for 
subsequent expansion of the 
American role in Vietnam . He 
thinks Ford will use the incident 
to reintervene in Southeast Asia. 

Protest, Sorsa said, is the only 
way to stop the government from 
actions like the bombing of seven 
Cambodian gunboats . Student 
protest stopped American in-
volvement in Vietnam, Sorsa 
claimed . 

Sorsa's speech was puncuated 
by one person, Greg Grube lick, 
who objected to what he con-
sidered the narrowness of Sorsa's 
position . "A ll governments by 
their nature commit acts of 
piracy," he said . 

Greubelich told Sorsa that he 
should also protest the' acts of 
cruelty the Cambodian govern-
ment pepetuates on its citizens. 
Greubelich thought the " US" 
shou ld be removed from the 
rally's poste r proclaiming "Get US 
out of Cambodia." 

Greubelich told the Triton 
Times he had expected to be 

~houted down by Sorsa. 
YSA member Jerry Freiwerth 

Don Sorsa, activist a"d YSA member 
also spoke, telling listeners that off the Tang Island, which is 
the Mayaquez incident was part claimed by both Cambodia and 
of a continuing process taken by Vietnam. 
the American government : it tries 
something, then listens, he 
claimed . If it doesn't hear any 
protest, it tries a little more, and 
that's how wars are started . . 

After the speeches, Sorsa told 
the Triton Times he thought that 
si nce the Mayaquez was in 
Cambodian waters, the way to get 
the crew back is for the US to 
con tact the Cambodian govern-
ment, apologize, and make an 
agreement with them. He con-
sidered that a better way to regain 
the crew than military action . 

Attacked a Cambodian Airbase 

Wh ite House sources an-
noun ce d Tuesday that the 
Mayaguez was 60 m iles off the 
Cambodian coast and eight miles 

Last Wedensday night Ford 
announced the Marines had 
siezed the Mayaguez and Tang 
island , while American fighter 
bombers attacked a Cambod ian 
a irbase near of the Port of 
S i hanoukv i lie . Ford ac -
companied the action with a 
statement telling the Cambodian 
government the US would cease 
military activity when the 
Mayaguez' crew was released . 

Soon after that the Cambodians 
returned 30 of the crew members. 
As of yesterday afternoon it is 
believed all crew members have 
been returned . 

Rides Available to SD SCAR Picket 
Two months of planning for the 

Student Committee Against 
Racism's (SCAR) participation in 
the NAACP-sponsored National 
March on Boston will culminate 
tomorrow with a picket line in 
front of the downtown Federal 

Building. 
The protest is planned to begin 

at 11 am, and rides downtown are 
available to those who come to 
Revelle plaza at 10. 

Protest Attacks 
The picket line is in con-

Energy Conference at 3rd 
by Clarence King 

Staff Writer 
Third College will sponsor its 

seco nd annual so lar energy 
conference tomorrow in the 
Mandeville auditorium, begin-
ning at 9:45 am and lasting until 
3:30pm 

The theme of the · conference 
will be 'Solar Energy: Future 
Prospects and Future Reality." 
Third Provost Joesph Watson said 
that the conference will bring 
together a group of experts to 
present a straight forward ap-
proach In everyday language to 
the solar energy phenomenon . 

Watson aid that the con-
ference has attracted a large 
response. Over 1100 tickets had 

already been requested last 
Tuesday . The conference was 
ori ginally scheduled for the USB 
2722 lecture hall but the heavy 
response prompted th e change to 
the Mandeville Auditorium. 

Speakers include Assemblyman 
larry Kapiloff (O-San Diego), 
Aden B. Meinal, director of the 
Solar Energy Project at the 
University of Arizona , John 
Russel of Ge neral Atomic Cor-
poratation and Edgar S. Davis of 
the Sage Project, a part of the 
Pasadena Je t Propulsion 
Laboratory. The moderator of the 
conference is Stanford Penner, 
Director of the Energy Center at 
UC San Diego 

junction with a march on Boston, 
called for in March to protest 
attacks against sc hool 
desegregation in Boston . 

Boston sc hool district began 
busing students to achieve a 
court-o rdered desegregation plan 
last September. Buses were at-
tacked , and numerous protests, 
both against the busing and the 
attacks, have subsequently 
occurred. 

Sponsors of the local action 
feel " the racists have chosen 
Boston as the place to start their 
attack on civil rights . If they win , 
they will try the same thing in San 
Diego. It is up to us to show black 
students in Boston they are not 
alone, that people right here 
support thei r right to attend the 
school of their choice ." 

Saturday is the 21st anniversary 
of the US Supreme Court decision 
ruling against "separate but 
equal" as a rationalization for 
segregated school s. SCA R's 
organizers feel it ironic that after 
so long a time, desegregation 
remains a disputed issue. 

Academic Plan 
Approved 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor.. 

Page three 

The UC Regents began their May meeting yesterday without much 
debate on any of the items set for discussion. 

Karen Steentofte, the statewide external affairs coordinator for the 
Student Cooperative and UC San Diego's representative to the Student 
Body President's Council (SBPC), said most of the Items on yesterday's 
agenda were, accepted routinely and without much discussion 

The UCSD Academic Plan passed the Regents' Committee on 
Educational Policy with few comments from members. . 

Steentofte said 30-40 students protested the firing of a UC Davis 
professor before the meeting began . The students, mainly Asian· 
Americans, said the firing of Dr . Kinni Chang at UCD campus was an 
act of racism on the part of the University. 

Later in the meeting, the President's Task Force on Chicanos and the 
University was presented to the Regents. Fred Caez, a staff member at 
UCSD and a member of the Chicano Steering Committee, said that 
Chicano culture has been stripped from Chicanos in the UC system, 
adding that the problem with the Board of Regents has been that 
Chicanos have been excluded from the decision-making process in the 
University. 

The steering committee recommended the report of the President's 
Task Force be included in the University five year plan . The committee 
also suggested that the report be published in Spanish for distribution. 

Steentofte said the SBPC gave testimony on an Ethnic Studies report . 
The SBPC said the 'three-page report gave a superficial impression of 
the ethnic studies programs . 

Contemporary Issues Is 
A Uniquely Muir Course 

by Patti Wolf 
Copy Editor 

Start with a topic of contemporary concern . Add speakers and other 
knowledgeable personnel drawn from the community. Mix in a peer 
group learning situation and discussion leaders who have thoroughly 
researched the topic . Now combine with a tightly-run organization 
watched over by a caring, helpful and enthusiastic faculty member 
who stays in the background. The end result is a program that is one of 
the more distinctive characteristics of John Muir College - Con-
temporary Issues. 

Contemporary Issues, a contribution of Muir Provost John Stewart 
("a real, personal thing") to the Muir Interdisciplinary Studies 
department is directed by Lola Ross who describes the program as 
"continuing and evolving ." Ross considers CI a different " type" of 
university course adding, "The university should teach students to 
learn how to learn. A student has to learn how to get it all together, to 
articulate and communicate ideas, recognize and solve problems 
through finding resources and interacting with others . 

Creative Counsel and Support 

Realization of this goal spauned Contemporary Issues . Ross speaks 
with enthusiasm about its beginnings , of Stewart's " creative counsel 
and support," of the days when it was a requirement as were other 
courses at Muir and what the program has become as an elective. 

"Wilderness and Contemporary Man," C120, is the best known and 
longest in existence of the CI courses . Created by Stewart, the course IS 
designed to aquaint students with different aspects of the unexplored 
through literature, ecology, forestry , etc. Speakers are brought from 
other universities, the Sierra Club and individual and political 
organizations . Each discussion leader then focuses on a specific aspect 
of the wilderness; one topic this quarter is sea life in La Jolla. 
Highlighting the course is a one week back-packing trip which is 
mandatory. No objections have been voiced by students to this policy. 

Under study by student Howard Kaplan is the possibility of ex-
pandi ng the wilderness class, _t.o_ provide more advanced courses. 
Kaplan is surveying programs at other a(:ademic institutions. 

Intellectual Self-Discovery 
Racism and Civil disobedience, popular topics six years ago, have 

given way to courses reflecting the thought of current time . Classes in 
CI 20 this quarter include "Science Fiction and the Media," "The In-
dividual and His Orientation In Higher Education," " Women - a Cross-
Cultural Evaluation ," "Community Medicine," "Mind and Cognition," 
and " Political Ideologies ." 

Projected for next year is a quence entitled "Contemporary Man in 
Search of Self and Work." The course will take the students on a 
"voyage of Intellectual self-discovery." 

, Levrs 



TrItonnm .. Friday, May 14. 1975 

Cfews in brief· Campus Activities ••. 
Paper Retains Status 

The Commul1ications Board of UCSD yesterday granted to the Triton 
Times the status of the recagnized oHicial print medium for the 1975-
76 school year . 

The vote on the status was 4 to 3, with chairman Mike Elcan breaking 
a tie vote. 

The status entitles the Triton Times to registration fee support by the 
Board . A proposal discussed yesterday, had it been approved, would 
have distributed the reg fee money to several papers, including 
Sometimes, Ujima, North Star, and the TT. 

MCC Selections 
The Muir College Council held its elections for its four at large 

positions Wednesday and yesterday . 
Daniel Del&ado, Marsh Mantsunaga, Mark Klein, and Rick 

Trontz were elected for the 1975-76 academic year. Only 246 Muir 
students voted out of a total of over 3200 eligible voters. David Young 
failed in his bid to be elected to the council. 

The Muir College Council will hold elections in the Fall quarter to 
select a freshman representative. Residence halls will also select one 
representative to the council in the fall. 

Contest Winner Named 
Steven Webb, a Revelle College senior, was named winner of the 

first Undergraduate Book Collection Contest at UC San Diego for his 
collection of science fiction . Webb received S150 in prize money. 

According to Landon, the contest was organized and sponsored by 
the Friends of the UCSD library, "in order to encourage undergraduate 
interest in reading and to stimulate personal book collecting by 
students." She said that the Friends plan to continue the contest in the 
coming years . 

The contest was open to all UCSD undergraduate students. The 
collections had to be of 25 books or more and had to have been 
collected and owned by the student. The collections could be centered 
on any subject, could focus on a single author or group of authors, or 
coold be the works by a printer, book designer, binder or illustrator. 

An essay describing each book, the reasons for its chOice, and its 
special value or interest to the collection had to accompany each 
entry. 

Math Contest Tomorrow 
Some 200 high school students from 40 schools throughout San 

Diego County will participate in the 18th annual High School Honors 
Mathematics Contest Saturday, May 17, at UC San Diego. 

Co-sponsors of the event include the UCSD Department of 
Mathematics. 

Continued from Pqe t 
into what is discussed at MCC 
meetings. The chairpersons (the 
Muir dean and one student) of 
the MCC draw up an agenda for 
the meeting. Any student or 
faculty member can get items 
introduced to the agenda. 

This requires, of course, that 
students are informed of this 
channel of communication . 
According to Muir Dean Jim 
Beckley, mos t students are 
uninformed about tile MCC. One 
major source of student input is 
familiarity with people on the 
committee. But, says Beckley, 
this is more the exception than 
the rule . 

What has the Council done to 
inform students of what it is 
doing? There have been 
numerous attempts Oller the last 
two years to publicize the 
availability of committee 
openings, said Beckley, but "few 
students came forward." Also, 
there used to be notices in the 
Triton Times about meetings, 
"but no one ever came." The 
problem might be alleviated, said 
Beckley, if the publicity was 
"done with more care;" for 
example, flyers with a pri'h'led 
agenda and graphics would 
arouse student interest. But in 
this case, as in many others in-
volving programming activities, 
there are three major obstacles to 
quick an~ eHicient change : time, 
money, and energy. 

Attempli to be Responsive 
Though there is little interest 

shown by students in the affairs 
of the Council, it attempts to be 
responsive to student needs. The 
C04ncil dispenses money as it is 
asked for, so that it can answer to 
people's needs. 

I n Beckley's view, the overall 
activities picture at Muir has seen 
'l. "distinct improvement" in the 
fOur years he has been here. "For 
a university of our age and size," 
he said, "we are going along 
pretty welL" 

The major problem is the one 
which plagues most of the ac-
tivity committees on campus : 
insufficient funds . The MCC has 
had less and less to spend over 
the last few years. This year it had 
about S52000 to spend, which 
included administrative costs, 
supplies, money for appointment 
processes (e.g. appointments to 

The Plebian 
Indian Arts 

Americ .. n Indi .. n Jewelry 
The Perfect Gift 
for Graduation 

Custom Silverwork .. nd Rep-..irs 

454-1888 
834 Kline, La Jolla 

8r..lJ~:rA/)E PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
WOf< OF WEEk 
Crystitl Shrimp 

s .. ipan 

8EST 
MANDARIN 

tUISIN( 
Olnnw Hours: 
Mon-Sun 6-'0 

FrI·S.t~" 
. - Cloud 

WHn •• thy 

Coc:kt4li Is 
Bftr .. nd Wine Served 

10 .... Discount with 
UCSO StYClent 10 

AMPll PARkiNG • 
459·9842 
L .. 'oil. Blvd. 

IN LA JOLLA 

OFFERING 

"Sf£~S NIkON ~O~ S Sl"sr~AlS 
COWR PROCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 

PENTAX, OLYMPUS •• KONICA CAMERAS. LENSES 
LARGE DARtUIOOM DEPARTMENT 

INCLUDING 
KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES'SER VICE -TRADES' REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAVIS CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

45 .. 7355 

the Judiciary Committee), and the The other organization which 
like. But it is difficult to see how plans Muir activities is the Muir 
the situation can be improved. Residence Council. T,he Council is 
There are tlvee possible sources . composed of representatives 
of additional funds: an increasel from the dorms, but many of the 
in the residence halls fee, a /lI'agrams the council sponsors 
reallocation of money from are'directed to people both inside 
existing sources 01 money, or and outside the dorms. (Examples 
finding some new source of are movies, dances, and bringing 
money. None of these can be speakers to campus.) 
counted on to provide additional In order for students to be able 
money. to directly voice their views at the 

There are according to meetings of the MRC, an agenda 
Beckley, many areas in which is ~Iaced in the Resident Dean's 
activity pr08rams are deficient. oHlce: any stude~t can. speak on 
Beckley stated that he would like a tOPIC he conSiders Important 
to see more small group ac- before the Council. 
tivities. There should, he said, be Lack of Funds 
more opportunities for students 
to do things with the faculty and As with the other campus 
staff (like students inviting a ar)i11ity committees, the MRC has 
faculty member over for dinner, had its problems. Scott Reds ton, 
Or vice-versa). 'chairperson of the committee, 

said that one problem is the. lack 
EmpIYlizes Intellect~al Crowth of funds to prOllide people with ~ 
Another need emphasized 'by many activities as they would !ike 

Beckley is for more' "personal to see. Another problem, he 
growth producing, self-learning stated, is that activities are not 
opportunities ." Beckley states coordinated well enough (for 
that "this college emphasizes example, there might be three 
intellectual ' growth," but "per- parties on one night, then none 
sanal and social growth is as for a couple of weeks). 
important as intellectual growth." Another problem is coor-
He would like to see a "wide dinating activities between Muir 
range of p'rograms available to and Revelle Colleges . At present 
help people see themselves and there is little or no com-
their relation to others." These munication between the colleges, 
would include encounter groups, so that, for eKample, both might 
meditation groups, and the like. give a dance on the same night. 
These areas should be con- The solution, Redston said, is to 
centrated on, he thinks, because make sure there are people from 
there is already enough going on the MRC at Revelle Residence 
in the area of mOllies, concerts, Hall Board meetings, and vice-
and similar activities . versa . 

Beckley would also like to see Probably the central theme 
the institution of a joint fee, joint which emerges from this review 
programming board, called the of the CPB and Muir activity 
Muir Program Board. This would committees is that there are input 
plan events with the use of channels into all the committees 
money from the Muir College for interested students. The major 
Council and the Muir Residence ,-problems to date have been 
council. The MCC and MRC student apathy and student 
would then concentrate on ignorance of the existence and 
" specialized needs of students ." operation of programming 
They would deal exclusively with committees . The responsiveness 
non-programming issues (e .g . of the program boards to studentS 
orientation , graduation, interests cannot be greater than 
equipment for lounges in the the degree of interest students 
dormitories) . lake in the boards. 

MEDICAL SCHOOL ASPIRANTS 
Over 40,000 men and women will apply to American medical 

schools this year, but only about 14,000 will be accepted. 

Qualified candidates have 8 valid alternative: medical 
education in Europe. For information and application forms 
(opportunities also available for veterinary and dentistry 
candidates), contact the information office: 

INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL 
MEDICAL EDUCATION 

Provisionally chartered by the Regents of the UnIverSIty of the State 
of New York . 

40 E. 54 St., New York 10022, (212) 832·2089 
"'~~W>""«I"<»~~_ 
~ . UCSD: EUROPE '75 I 
f CHAR TER FLIGHTS ~ 
iJ STILL OPEN t: 

,~ 73 d.ye ~~':;: . ~::~ ~: :! MIIO.OO ~ 13 deye June 22 LA/Pan. TIA OC.. MIII.OO 
...., 12 Plrie/LA TIA DC-lO 

~ 112 days July 07 LA/Paria TIA OC.. MIII.oo! a daye ::::: :::~ : ::: MIII.OO A alllt 01 Pan./LA rIA DC·10 I 
~ 34 da.,. Au,. 12 LAIMadrid TIA OC.. .... J IaDt 1. Paril/LA TIA DC-10 __ ,,""'01 LAlPan. TIA DC.. .... June. LA/Papwta UTA tm.OO 

TAHm: July 11 . PatleetalLA UTA 

'

For UCID .......... ,-"", ..... aIHI tIIeIr J 
• ContIict: I"::::-':=:: T,.., .. 0HI0a 

==:::=:......-:: ~ • ..., .. 1_'_.".". I Jft~ IIf"ftft:a, all Af:;.~-___ . _ •• - ,...,. .... ,.. 

Friday, May 14,1975 
"' 

by Michele Mietul 
Staff Writer 

Next year's elected and appointed positions to Revelle College 
Committe~are currently being filled . In past years these represen-
tatives have been chosen in the fall, which some critics have said 
delays their effectiveness well into the Fall quarter. Spring elections 
and appointments should eliminate that time lag and provide next 
year's representatives an opportunity to get a feel for their positions by 
observing this year's crew in action. 

The principal election at hand concerns positions on the Revelle 
Committee on College Affairs (RCCA). The election is scheduled for 
May 20th and 21st. This is one of Revelle's few representative bodies 
actually elected by the students . Anyone interested in running should 
stop by the Provost's building this week . In theory, the RCCA roster 
includes six students, three faculty members and three administrators . 
Actual roll calls, however, tend to yield a strong student show and one 
or two administrators. The voice wielded by the RCCA is, therefore, 
largely students . 

The Revelle Reporter 
Standing RCCA functions are the allocation of funds and the making 

of appointments to all student committees. A couple of specific issues. 
which the RCCA will address next year are the curriculum/faculty 
review program, high bookstore prices and classroom overcrowding. 

After the RCCA elections, appointments will be made to campus 
wide and Revelle committees . Information concerning these can be 
obtained at the Provost's oHice, the commuter center, the Resident 
Dean's oHiceand at the RCCA election polls. 

All who have declared "undeclared" for two years have, potentially, 
had their week set out for them. There were Biology, Humanities, 
Natural Science and Social Science major meetings four evenings this 
week for all students, but especially for those who have yet to decide. 

Next year's RA's have been chosen for the Revelle residence halls . 
Two summer RA posi tions, lasting the duration of summer quarter have 
yet to be filled . Also, four RA positions for the Mesa Apartments are 
still open. Applicants 'must have already ser~ed as an RA or tt.A or some 
like position. Referrals can be obtained through the Student Em-
ployment Center. Contact Rick Bayer for further infonnation. 

Graduation, scheduled for June 15th, is close at hand. A reception 
will take place at - 10:oo in the cafeteria, to be followed by the 
ceremony at 12:30. Dr. Roger Revelle is the scheduled speaker. 

The Revelle Program Board, designed to improve extra-curricular 
activities on campus, has arranged for hypnotist Michael Dean to 
perform on May 19th. They are also sponsoring a trip to a Padre game 
on May 20th. 

All Revelle students received a newsletter last month . It is a new 
innovation which is likely to stay, as it makes possible a needed 
contact with both resident and nonresident students . The ad-
ministration wants to keep communications open. Another newsletter, 
a special election issue will be coming out this month . 

• • ". I 

~*********~******************* 
: FRidAY NiGhT Flicks : 
: wa~ 00 ~~~~~ : 
: UOO~ ~'J \1~a~OO~~ : 
: Two oLdER fiLMs : 
: by AlfREd HiTchcock : 
.. USB 2722 7:30 $.75 .. 
.. SATURdAY FiLMs : :~~~[l)A'J~ ~[J) 't\1al[l~ [7:30): 
It: Academy Awlud wInnIng loye story of a war Yeterln It 
.: and I twelYI y .. r old gIrl. Ind the conyenllonl of It 

.,. loclety that deltroy them. It 

: [IJ<1)~1ra4AaV (lJaa ~A~~ [9:30\ : 
. It USB 2722 51.00 It 
****************************** 

Summer Session '75 
University of California, Berkeley 

...... Week ..... OI\-June l' to AIIIUIt 11 
Open a ......... AdlRllIion (no 1r8MorIpt8 requhcI) 

TIIIUon Up to 5 unltl: $200. 6 or more unlta: Addilional $10 
per unit to. maximum of S3OO. Incidental F ... : $15.75 
Euy Ace ... vie BART; Ride Humphrey-Go-Bart Fr .. from 
BART to Campul. For ",ore Information call or write: 

DIrector 01 ...... ' ••• 1-. II "'I.a.r .... 
UIIMnIIJ 01 ell .......... ,. CA. M7IO (411) 141 .. 11 

Hau .. : .... p.m. (0p8II al noon) 

Triton Times Page five 

O'Conno~ Speaks on Town Center Vote 
by Marie St .. dler 

Community Editor 

"Politically, it's an election year," San Diego 
Councilwoman Maureen O'Connor offered in 
explanation for last Thursday's 7-2 Council vote 
apprOlling the University Town Center (UTC), while 
speaking in the Student Center Lounge Tuesday 
O'Connor was having an informal discussion on San 
Diego politics prior to a reception planned for her 
in the Women's Center. 

O'Connor told the gathering of twenty people 
"she was just as surprised" as they were at the vote . 
She had expected a 5-4 vote against UTe with Floyd 
Morrow, Jess Haro and Mayor Wilson joining 
herself and Leon Williams in opposition . 

The rationale of those favoring the project, 
according to O'Connor, was that UTC is not growth 
inducing, would not constitute urban sprawl 
because it will be located in an urbanized area, and 
would not create an undue strain on city services 
like sewage and water. Added to those reasons is 
the 11% unemployment in San Diego, with 30% 
jobless in the construction industry. 

Short on Proviell.,. 
O'Connor didn't see those reasons as valid. She 

said the City is already short on providing services 
to residents, and that once UTC is developed it 
would be intolerable. She also thinks the 
development will lead .to further growth _ 

The money and effort planned for UK should be 
directed towafd San Diego's inner core, O'Connor 
feels. This position was also taken by Mayor Wilson 
in the past. 

The Point Loma Councilwoman believes a 
tradeoff was made on UTe: developer Ernest Hahn 
was allowed to construct the Town Center in return 
for his planned development of the city's inner 
core. This she called "really sad" because she 

Ping Pong .•. 

doesn' t think the inner core can be effectively 
revitalized that way . 

Several students who were at the Council 
meeting on UTC complained that the town councils 
and student groups opposing the project were 
ignored. O'Connor explained that whi Ie these 
groups sent letters to Council members, they didn't 
make personal appearances . Developers make 
persistent personal appearances in council offices, 
pressuring members to vote in their interest. 

Row of Million4Iires 
The last Thursday in the Council hall , O 'Connor 

said, there was a " row of millionaires" along with a 
few students. Faced with the choice of money or a 
few votes, the Council members who were un-
decided, like Morrow and Haro, voted for the 
project . 

O 'Connor told students "You think you're 
frustrated, I have to live with it." But, she added, so 
do the Council members who thought about 
election year but not long range consequences. 

O 'Connor exhorted students not to give up on 
City politics, saying if people " just say screw it and 
walk away, there's going to be more of the same." 

O 'Connor also spoke on the North City West 
(NCW) proposal, which the Council approved by a 
5-4 vote two months ago. She told her audience 
that the courts ruled developers may not attach an 
Assessment District to the construction of schools, 
which' is an integral part of th~ NCW development. 
So, she figures, NCW will be back before the 
Council soon , although she didn't have a definite 
date. 

One person asked about reform in the police 
department. O'Connor said she was optimistic for 
some real change in the department because of the 
new City Manager, Hugh McKinley. She said one of 
the main things the Council wanted in the new City 
Manager was someone receptive to change in the 
pol ice force. 

Continued from Page 7 way the game went. playing, and it showed. His shots 
left notbing for me to shoot at 
and even when I had the op-
portunity, I was so psyched out 
that the shot wouldn't go, or I 
scratched. It was really quiet 
patheti c . To make matters worse, 
he played most of the game while 
holding an ice cream cone in one 
hand. 

Watching the style with which 
he approached and executed 

down 3-0, but then proceeded to each shot quickly gave rise to the 
make a couple of fairly decent profound theory that one of my 

. shots . Several errent shots on the profs was hustling me, and doing 
part of the tWo of us, and the a f i ne job of it. It wasn 't long 
score was soon forgotten. Un- before he discovered the true 
fortunately, it didn't affect the quality of the person he was 

Basketball ... 
Continued from Page 7 

ningham will 'have to wait 6efore naming him to the same post again. 
McCook has applied for a resident dean 's job, and won't be able to do 
both if he is accepted . Cunningham has gotten numerous applicants 
for the assistant coac~ position, but prefers McCook. " He was an 
.excellent assistant this year, and_he would be an asset to any college 
program ." . 

8EI VP .&, .TOB 
Spring Ski SQle 

All new clothing ond skiis 
Qt rock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENUE 
4~4-141~ 

ru.C!.cl.'h. (!a.m.pw PW9la.m !Boaou1 Puunt~ 

LOTTE GOSLAR 
PANTOmimE 

CLASSES 
MAY 15-

MAY 17-

2-4 :OOpm DancefMlme Master Class $1 
4-6: OOpm Modern Master Class $1 
6-8:00pm DancefMlmeMaaterCllss $1 
11-1 :OOpm Ballet Master Class $1 
1-3:00pm DancefMlme Master Claas $1 
3-4 : OOpm Children's Mime Workshop 

ages 6-8 and 9-12 50c 
Tlcketa ayallable at ~ecreatlon Gym 452-4037 

The game was clearly hb. We 
later decided that the score must 
have been in the vic inity of 9-3. 
Dr. Ledden then grew serious and 
i t took only another three shots 
before I once again tasted defeat. 
Then came lesson time. I was 
schooled in the f ine art of stra ight 
poor, a game I had rarely pl .. yed 
before . The only thing I was glad 
of was that we weren't playing for 
money. Had this been last year, it 
might have been for my grade. 

Don't Think Abortion 
Alternatives are Available 

S.D. PRO UFE lEAGUE 
583-5433 

Also free speakers 
and study room 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANk 
3Z1. F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
fOr service 

Mon.-S .. t. 
8:45--5 :30 

Closed Sun. 

233-6481 

I ~unday EPISCOPAL Services In Area ucao IP,acoPAUANS1Z:1O at Univ. Lutheran Ch. _l .. "...aa.-o.. 
Fr. J ..... Youne!tll..'" 
GOOD SAMA"ITAN ,_ at 

Sel\.l 
...... _'Dn" U~Ctqo 
• IfNI,. .. "' . .......... ..... 
IT. JAMI. IY·1NE-1IA 
1O~It.LII"'" 
1 ................. " 
IT. f'n'I"" 1 ........ a.-Dal_ 
.. ........... " 



Paaesix 
I 

Spoof, ~tire 
Presente~ Tonight 

An eveni r'I" of spoofs, 
sophisticated sltire and pure 
clownishness Yo ill be presented by 
Lotte Coslar's Pantomime Circus 
at 8 pm today in the Mandeville 
auditorium. 

Lotte Coslar, founder of the 
unique dance and mime theater, 
will star in the show which 
combines classical and modern 
dance forms, pantomime and 
related theater arts. 

The current edition of the 
Pantomime Circus features Bob 
Bowyer, Kathleen Carlin, Gary 
Easterling, Jerri lines, Lance 
Westergard and pianist John 
Marino as dancers, actors and 
clowns performing some new 
material as well as some of the 
Coslar classics. 

Although hilarious episodes 
dominate the show, there are 
several serious works ana pure 

dance numbers all tied together 
with a common theme--the 
humor that is. inherent in the 
human condition . 

Goslar, who has been called 
the greatest dance clown of our 
time, is director, choreographer 
and costume designer for the 
Pantomime Circus . Her other 
choreographic credits include 
dances for a production of "Die 
Fledermaus" at the Hollywood 
Bowl ; " Babar the Elephant," an 
extravaganza at the San Diego 
Sports Arena, and two children 's 
productions for the Mobile 
Theater of the New York 
Shakespeare Fe.stiva!. 

Custom S one Setting 

Ringsi.ing 'n R epa i,work 
at ,oa.o ,."Ie price. 

J€W€L€R~ WORkShOp 
1143 c.\m nq OQ IlWI • 

O£I r. a". u llr. 
4C1 -9~~~ 

BUGGEd? ;rAppEd? 
AEGIS electr,onic counter 
measures will protect 
your privacy . 
You are not defenseless 

• under the discreet eye of 
the AEGIS . 
For information on 
systems and service 
write : 
AEGIS Electronics 
P.O. Box 81616 

Diego, Calif. 92138 
-

Triton Tim .. 

Maria Mllitiallr 

Concert Scene 

Muldaur and Sebastian 
At Civic Wednesday 

A few weeks ago I raved about 
the problem of various promoters 
scheduling concerts on the same 
nights and thereby digging into 
one another's audiences . Well, 
some people obviously don't 
learn their lessons, because this 
week's two biggest concerts are 
both on the same night! 

That night is Wednesday, May 
21 and the two shows are the 
"Musical Love Affair" featuring 
Maria Muldaur, John Seb.1stian 
and Cecilio itnd Kilpono at the 
Civic Theatre, and the return of 
Jefferson Stitrship and Com-
mitnder Cody & His Lost Planet 
Airmen to the San Diego Sports 
~Arena . 

The Maria Muldaur/ J. 
Sebastian show should be a 
knockout. Two very fine per-
formers in San Diego's best 
concert location . Muldaur 
breaking into a solo career from a 
long-time relationship with folk 
and jugbands, had an incredible 
nation-wide hit with "Midnight at 
the Oasis" and followed up with 
her sensuous and sinewy best-
selling album "Waitress in the 
Donut Shop ." With material 
ranging through jazz, dixieland, 
juband, country, pop and rock, 
she is a versatile, exciting per-
former . 

John Sebastian, whose solo 
career caught on like wildfire at 
Woodstock, stems from The 
Loving Spoonful. His concerts 
have always been considered the 
warmest, mellowest, loving 
sounds around . 

Opening act for that show is 
Cecilio & Kapono, who deal with 
new perspec tives in con-
temporary folk rock music . 

For a rowdier evening, it's no 
doubt that J. Starship and 
Commander Cody will tear up the 
crowd in the Sports Arena. Both 
have made recent concert ap-
pearances in SO and seem to be 

favorites among the locals. 
Cood news for jazz buffs this 

week : McCoy Tyner will be doing 
four shows at San Diego State's 
backdoor. Tonight and tomorrow 
two shows each night, 7:30 and 
10:00. Tyner has the recent 
distinction of placing . first as 
Combo Leader of the year in the 
Downbeat International Critic's 
poll , as well as tying for first as 
top pianist with Keith Jarrett . • 

Also in this week's jazz scene, 
is the appearance of Chuck 
Milngione as conductor of a full 
concert orchestra at the Civic 
Theatre Tuesday night, May 20. 
Along with Mangione, his 
quartet, and vocalist Esther 
Satterfield will appear. Mangione 
has been ~ailed right and left in 
his various capacities as com-
poser , arranger, conductor, 
flugelhornist and keyboard artist. 

What is a Tamburitzan?? A 
Tamburitzan is an American 
College student with an ex-
ceptional amount of musical 
talent and enough ambition to 
make an unusual effort to secure 
a college education . The 
Duquesne University Tilm-
burituns will be appearing 
Saturday, May 17, at the AI Bahr 
Shrine Auditorium with their 
spectacu lar produc.tion of Eastern 
European Folk Music and Dances. 
The show includes a company of 
40 performers in dances, rituals, 
songs, customs, and folklore . 

Last and not least, The Revelle 
Side Door continues its Wed-
nesday night entertainment series 
with Ladd Roberts. I must confess 
my naivete about Roberts musical 
talents. The only report I have to 
share is that he really impressed 
the women last time he per-
formed here . His promoters 
suggest he is something of a local 
sex symbol. The concert is at 8:30 
Wednesday, and we' ll be looking 
for the hoards of screaming fans. 

"Chlse the Clouds Awr( 
a CHUCK MANGIONE concert 

Full Conc' .rt Orchestra & Soloists Esther Satterfield , 
Gerry N ic..wood, Gap Mangione, Don Potter. and the 
Chuck Mangione Quartet. Also Lou Soloff (of Blood. Sweat. & 

Taa,sl 

Tues, May 20. 8:00pm Civic Theetr. ph: 236-e&10 
Tickets: " .50 · 5.50 - • . 50 - 3.50 On sa •• at the box offic. 
S.arl, Highland ... and all Tlck.tron Outlata 

~nt.(TE. ui1y of {!alifo'tnia, ~an IDUfJo 
{!ampu~ P'tOf}ta.m !Boaul P't£~ent~ .. 

Afternoon of Jazz 
Saturday, May 17 - Noon to 4 pm FREE 

Grassy knoll behind HL Library-Revelle Campus 
Featuring: 

JOE PASS with Boh J,lagnusson <So j;m Plank 
JOE J,fA RILLO with EQUINOX 

',lIKE PEED TRIO 
JAZZ WEA THER GROUP 

Friday, May 14, 1975 

Weather Report OK, but 
Cobham Was Crowd Pleaser 

by Daniel Shawler 
Staff Writer 

Hot musid Last Wednesday night the Civic Theatre was on fire with 
Weather Report and Billy Cobham. Weather Report, the feature act, is 
·one of the leaders of the progressive jazz movement, but Billy Cobham 
was t~ crowd pleaser . 

The concert was opened by Cobham and the seven-piece " Billy 
Cobham Players" with a piece typical of his latest style: Fast, furious, 
and improvised . Although Cobham's drums were prominent (it would 
be a mistake to try to subdue them) they were ~y no means over-
bearing, a common mistake with drummer-led groups. The music itself 
was not complicated; it followed the traditional jazz structure of riff-
solo-riff . It was exciting, though, and brought the audience to their 
feet, yelling, at many points duri~ the concert. 

Cobham played the concert with four new musicians in his band. 
·One of them, trombonist Tom Malone, was a definite improvement 
over the member he replaced . He gave an outstanding individual 
performance, splitting the smoke filled room with his frantic soloing . 
Keyboard player Milcho Leviev performed one good Mussorgsky-like 
solo on the piano, but was otherwise relegated to simple ac-
companiment on the synthsizer . Bass player Alex Blake's cadenza on 
the contrabass was well played, but too long, and in the end it 
achieved nothing but boredom. 

Musically speaking, Weather Report was better than Billy Cobham . 
But, even though their music contained much more than thin layers of 
jazz or rock, their performance was not spectacula(. Au Contraire, it 
was really dull . Although a quintet, Weather Report's format actually 
consisted of Wayne Shorter soloing on the soprano sax accompanied 
by Josef Zawinul on the synthesizer. 

Shorter is a great saxaphonist, but much tedium arose from the fact 
that there \)'as no divergence- from the main attack . 

Weather Report features one of the most useless band members 
envisioned . Located behind plumbing pipes strung with percussive 
toys, Alyrio lima sounded just like a child set loose in a hardware store . 
Throughout the'concert,he did little but rattle his buzzers, blow his 
whistles, and occasionally strike a bottle . As far as being a musical 
talent, Lima must rate somewhere below Tiny Tim . 

The group's only redeeming feature was Shorter's sax playing. He ,is, 
as stated earlier, an excellent musician. But, unless Weather Report 
can learn to vary their style, they will continue to be plagued by the 
problem they had Wednesday night ~en there was a steady trickle of 
people to the doors. Until they add variety to their style, it will always 
be the hot groups such as Bi lIy Cobham that hold public appeal . 

Muir Guest-in-residence presents 

tickets : 

Ro~ 
Author of: Fahrenheit 45 , 

The Martian Chronicles 
The Illustrated Man 

$1-For All Students Thurs . May 227 : 30 pm Mandeville Aud 
$2-General Admission Tickets at box ~fflce student center 

.. . ..,... 
lit 

1hur:>day - May 10 ' ~rt(,"" Frido\1- Ma" lb 3 H LAd free ~ - f PM. - , U 'me. v PM .•• HL Aud 6 PM ... f(tv(~~ Free 

Friday, May 14. 1975 

and Maliory Mitchell 

u 
C 
ell 

Graduation Brings Fresh 
Talent to Tritons 

by Dne Eisen 
Staff Writer 

UC San Diego's basketball team has lost a talented group of players 
to graduation, including Paul Trainer, George Calhoun, Charles Auber, 
and Joe Coit. Making up for this loss, however, will be the gain of 
several high quality performers for the 1975-76 season, according to 
Coach BarryCunningham . 

At least six potential stars are either enrolled at UCSD this quarter or 
are planning to do so in the fall , and should be ready for debuts in the ' 
upcoming basketball season . In addition to the new players, the season 
will be highlighted by a Christmas Vacation road trip to the University 
of New Orleans and Southern Mississippi. 

According to Cunningham, Gary Nash, a 6'10" transfer from Cal 
State Fullerton, " should be our starting center next year." Martin will 
fi ll what seemed to be the Tritons biggest hole for next year, and as a 
junior, he is already enrolled at UCSD. 

Another already-€nrolled probable starter is 6'4" guard Clifton 
Martin . Martin, a sophomore, comes from Menlo Junior College in 
northern California, where he was the Most Valuable Player in the 
California JC Tourney, Small School. Division . Cunningham calls ~im a 
"complete player -- he can shoot, rebound , and handle the ball welL " 

Four In September 
Four players have said that they will enroll here in Septem~er . Scott 

Hall now a senior at La Puente High School , was chosen Third Team 
AII.c1 F in the 3-A Division . A guard, Hall averaged nearly 22 points per 
game this season. The others are Gary Dodson, a 6'5" forward from 
Phoenix who will be a junior, Bart Bradley, a 6'0" guard from Scottsdale 
JC who also will be a junior, and 6'3" guard Payton Calloway, who was 
one of the top high school players in Louisiana two years ago. 

Cunningham says that UCSD contacts players only to fill team 
needs . Only players that are in financial need receive money, and in 
that case they get it in tht: same fashion as students in genera l. The 
amount of players contacting the school have been increasing, and 
'Cunni ngh31Tl says;-I t's been a higher quality and greater number th~n.1 
can remember ." Cunningham attributes this to the qualtty of education 
a't UCSD, the pleasant San Diego area, and the increasingly good 
reputation of the Triton basketball program . . 

The athletes might have also been attracted to the schedule, which 
incl udes the road trip. Both opponents on the trip are highly rated 
tea ms with New Orleans playing in the NAIA Division II Cham-
pionships last season . Both New Orleans and Southern MissiSSippi 
move up to Division I for next season, playing teams like Kentucky and 
North Carolina . The games will be played December 13 and 15, and 
will be funded by guaranteed gate receipts from the two schools . 

26 Games 
The UCSD 1975-76 basketball year will consist of 26 galJ"les, plus the 

La Jolla Classic and two scrimmages. Fifteen of the games will be 
played at home, starting November 4 against Athletes In Action . The 
opening sc rimmage will be October 30 against Camp Pendleton . The 
La Jolla Classic will bea tourney involving UCSD, USIU, Pomona, and 
Chapman, November 28 and 29 here. 

The junior varsity team will probably exist, although no longer as a 
funded team. They will probably be a c lub team, but will still play at6 
pm , just before varsity games. Bob McCook, the 1974-75 coach , will 
probably head the team , which will make a road trip to play UCLA at 
Pauly Pavillion . 

McCook was also varsity assistant coach this season , but Cun-
Continued on Page 5 

HELD OVER UNTIL TUES. MAY 20 
SHOWS AT 7:30.9:00-10:10 

---.--. 

STARTS WEDS. MAY 21 
PLEASE CAll THEATRE FOR TIMES 

Triton Times Page seven 

One Day at the Ice Cream Hustler 
by Pilul Wilgner 

Sports Editor 
It all started out as a friendly 

ping-pong game between Shawler 
and myself. We had been sitting 
in the office, he was helping me 
with a problem in my Bio. 2E class 
and we were bored. 

We stumbled into the Hustler, 
and found the table empty, so we 
occupied it. No sooner had we 
started than Dave Eisen , my 
lackey, walked in .and took the 
paddle from me asking for just 
one."hort pme. Thars all it was, 
and then Dan proceeded to win 
our game 21-17. 

About this time Bob Kupps 
walked In and before I knew what 
was goinl on, the three of us were 
involved in a game of straight 
cutthroat. I n keeping wi th the 
trend of events of the afternoon, I 
was the first one eliminated, so 
while the other two finished their 

game, I made use of the adjacent 
table. 

Near the end of tHeir game, 
Tom Subia , another friend of 
Dan's, came in and challenged 
Bob to a game. Dan came over to 
my table and quickly finished me 
off in a game of 8 ball . So much 
for breaking the pattern of events 
I was setti ng for myself. 

The second after I scratched 
on a shot wh ich would have put 
me within reach of lOsing 
respectably, I caught a glimpse of 
professor Pat Ledden out of the 
corner of my eye. I blurted out 
some snide remark about him 
buying for the house, and after 
purchasing his cone, he strolled 
over to the table. By this time 
Dan and I had narrowed our game 
down to the fine art of chasing 
the 8 ball , wh ich I fi nally 
disposed of. My string had been 
broken, but on Iy for a momen t. 

Originally I thought we were 
going to play the usual eightball, 
and I broke the racked balls as 
such. In maintaining my skill at 
botching things up, I didn' t sink a 
thing, Dr . Ledden then proceeded 
to sink the twelve ball and I was 
led to believe that he was going 
to play the stripes . 

When he turned around and 
took aim at the one ball, I 
commented as such. It was at this 
time he informed me that we , 
were playing straight pool. It took 
me by surprise at first, but I really 
didn' t mind the switch in games; I 
could lose at this one equally as 
well . 

The one disappeared as quickly 
and quietly as the twelve had, 
and it looked as if I would remain 
on the losing end. By the time my 
shot rolled ~round again, I was 

Continued on Page 5 

Gym Turns Casino Tonight 
From 8 pm until midnight tonight , the main 

gym will be transformed into a gambling casino 
featuring the many games of chance, including 
:)Iackjack, craps, and roulette. 

There will also be oddities such as Wheel of 
- 'F ortune, Tic-tac -toe , Swinger, Horserace, 

Chuck-a-luck Two Gun Target and Socka-to-em 
for novices. Finely manicured and shady 
croupiers, barkers, dealers and shills will be 
more than willing to send you back to the poor 
house at anyone of the games. 

Hindsight Productions 
For the admission price of 5~, you will be 

admitted to the casino with a stack of chips to 
wend your way to fame and fortune . Hindsight 
Productions will be in charge of that depart-
ment. They have been able to secure some 
attractive and some lucrative pr izes to attract 
campus hustlers. 

For example, there wi II be a $100 gift cer-
tificate, a round trip ticket for two to San 

Francisco, dinners, scuba gear, and a brunch 
for two. In addition, some winners will receive 
Michael Dean tickets and movie tickets from 
the Revelle Program Board, and banana splits 
from the Ice Cream Hustler. 

How will the prizes be awarded? Once inside 
the casino, you should try to win as many chips 
as possible before midnight. At 12 pm, the 
casino shuts down and everybody will take part 
in an auction for the prizes. For those who are 
not as fortunate, there will be drawings almost 
every half hour for smaller prizes. 

In addition to all the gambling, music, 
provided by the Down Home Jazz Band , w ill 
bring ragtime and Dixiland music Into the gym 
for dancing for the lucky and consolation for 
those not as fortunate . 

If dancing is not the way to alleviate sorrows, 
there wi II be a food concession booth spon-
sored by Fourth College which might suffice . 

the LOTTE GOSLAR 
PANTOMIME CIRCUS 

FridilY, May 16 · Mandeville Auditorium 8 pm 

"One of the world's greatest artists. An audience of 
more than 2,000 was held spellbound." San Francisco Chronicle 

U.C.S .D. Student $2, $3. General Admission $4, $5. 
Tickets nailiable at U.C.S.D. Student Center Box Office 452-4559 or 452-4092. 

"This engilgement is in cooperation with the Califomia Arts Commission and is sup-
ported, in pint, by funds from the National Endowment for the Arts." 

~D.IHIBTBATIVB 
IHTBBHBIII:' 

PI\O&I\A. 
ADMINISTRATIVE INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 

Announcing the opening of Intern positions for 
students In various administrative offices on the 
UCSDcampus. 

Applications for Student Interns will be available by 
noon on Monday, May 19th, at the Student Info 
desk, Student Center and at all College Dean'l 
Offices , 

Positions begin Fall Quartet, '75. 

Positions will pay approximately $1 ,000 for the 
school year. 

Some offices where Inl."ull IIUty be placed ar.: 

[1) Vice Chancellor - Student Affairs 
[2) Vice Chancellor - AcademiC Affairs 
[3] Vice Chancellor - Administration 
[4] Student Center 
[5] FinanCial Aids 
[6] Housing Office 
[7) Buslnels Office 



A '- ArtJUterptu.. Jou..... to be 
...... 1 ..... JUM ,. AN elNolem and 
fiction w.ICItM. (no po.try.' 
... ~ ahOUW be ... ttwn 2MO 
wordI .nd ......... by Mev .. aa. 
nil or .. 181111111 

KIN (Kid ..... In ......, look FoIr ... 
Mev 17 In front of 10. CeI. 11t Nat!. 
.... lII7 GI..,... Le J .... An tat-
book. ,... Hundred. of _ .nd UMd 
pep.rbeoIl •• nd henI cow... .... and 
up. 0,-" 0- c.,. wIN be-
.v.II ... I.. L. Joli. Ch.p.. Kldn.y 
Foundetloft of So. C.lIll111 

II.ck F.m.I.. - .chol.r.hlp. for 
EpeIIon XI Omeeo Chop. of Alpho 
Koppo Alpho Sorority. Doodllne todoy. 
Comect Flnonc"l Aide or ., Oooon 
View Ilvd. 412'- for Info. 11/111 

for sale 
SylvoRio comp_nt .yatem with two 
10" x 23" apookoro. AM I FM rodlo .nd 
O.rrord tumtabl • . Mu.t •• ,1, "10.00 or 
.... t off.r. ~_,. 11/111 

10 •• 101 dlr.ct/r.fl.ctlng .p •• k.r . 
.yltom with equlllz.r ... 271-11130 
(1/111 

73 D.toun Pickup - top condition - 21 
mpg compor aholl. corp.ted bod •• tool 
bolted rod .. l. B.rbero .t 412...az7 or 
7~ ev .... wook.nd •• 2110.00 111111 

71 C.moro 3111. 4-.pd • • Ir. PS, PB. now 
p.lnt. rodl.1 T.A .•.• t.r.o, du.1 IlIhouat. 
atc. T.klng off .... 4&2-1672. Stev • . (5/1" 

SM". C.lculator Exc.lI.nt condition 
4&2-M33 .'00. 11/111 
Spook.,.-two w.y M.r.nll 40 '1 ex-
c.I"nt condition .. polr. T.rry..-&2-
1103 11/,.) 

Roctillnoor 3-w.y .poek.,., .7& polr. 
C.blnots ICrotChed, nothing el .. wrone 
with them_ J.moa4&2-832115/111 

YAMAHA RD-3IO. Bog ... R.·ck & Box. 
Extr ••• Sup.rbl 7&&·313. ev.nlng • . 
$70011 (15/23) 

H.H-prlc. chort.r for portlclpotlng 
.. lIora. Nlc. 42-ft. aklpporod ketch. 

_ Pug.t Sound .nd B.C. .rchlpolago 
.umm.r_ Writ. R. lock. rd. NI-21. Unlv_ 
ofW •• h .• S .. ttla9l1 • . 1p6/1.) 

19 Ford Falrlln.. blu.. $100 good 
condition. 462~. 3103 Mirom.r D. 
1M ... ) 462-0467 15/111 

ROLLING STONES TICKETS: LA Forum 
In July. Good ... U . CIII .... 19. B .. t 
to r •• ch aft.r 9 pm (5/21' 

GOVERNMENT SCREW UPI N.w 
Mllitory llcketl. VI lues to .,00 
dl.count.d to $21. Din or Tlr ... 463-
6236. 2!51 Argo HIli (6/23) 

1970 Ford Gllaxia 4-Dr good condition, 
radio, olr conditioning. Power St •• rlng . 
17 mpg $860 Frank or Ann x4328 (6/21) 

1971 BUlTACO MATADOR 250cc street 
lagal or dirt (converta In 'I> hr) good 
cond.. naw pi.ton ond shocks, prlc. 
$375.00. 756-5961 (6/19) 

For Sala: 1970. 310 Kawasaki Big Horn 
$360 Or b.st offer. Holly gas stova $25. 
425-3984 or 278-7187 (p5/1 6' 
Honda Cl 100 Motorcycle Street/-
Scrambler 4000 mil.s. Excellent Con-
dition. plul extra. $400 756-7616 Mark 
(6/21) 
Want to trade n Y Quick release sew-up 
tire. and wh.el) for good Quality hlgh-
praSlur. clinchl ra. 756-1421.15/19' 

Wenzel Umbrel e Tent, 9' 119' co.t ~.OO 
Sell for $25.00 7!'5-2252 11/1'~ 

U.S. DIVER TVIIN 52 T.nka Including 
Reguletor, Mint Condltlonl 46a-1381 
Richard 161161 

2 Tlck.tl for tc nl,hle ~adra gam._ 2 -
.2.10 ... ta for .... Nan 462·34Q2. 11/111 
'71 GI •• tron - 11 ft, 1/0 with troll.r. Ikll, 
.tc . • 3200 or teat off.r. I.rboro IXt. 
2101 . or 462-01Mf Ipll1.) 

Couch IConv.rtlbl. I.d, .nd m.tchl"" 
Ind Choir $31; T.bl •• chel,.. etc; 2 .In." 
m.ttr ..... It .prlng .etl · '20; 17 now 
BASF lH ceo C •••• ttoa - .2.00 .. ch; 
Brond n_ Arbol.t. Chomplon Sp .. r 
Gun - Off.r. L .. y. phone numbor with 
W.ndy .t453-m4. 11/1.) 
FREE: M.le Puppy. Mini.ture Dog -
Extr.m.lv friendly .nd .ffaction.te. 
Eleno 4&2-1. 15/1.) 

.' 

Trltonnm .. 

What's Happening 
"EVlUl ITUDENTS: .. ..,.... c-
mtneo on CoIIoge Affelro .. 'CCA' 
oIoctIono Mey 2'1122. ,etItIon of ,. 
word ... toment end 2 pIctu ... muot ... 
oubmltted by May 14th ,....... 
R.v.U. 'rovo.t OHlc.. ".v.lI • 
Rooidont D_·. OftIoo .nd Commutw 
.nd Student Advocoy Contor. Aleo 
oppIy for __ yoor'. ..ovoI .. .-p. on 
I .. G. taIZ'I, 
In Chem. .. or hych 11 It _nt 
"I.octuro Notoar' Work 1102 OMO • 
wook honell"" out notoa In tho Com-
muter Contor until tho ond of tho 
CIUOrtor .. got FREE Ioctu .. notoa. Moll. 
_ frtondo. ... Involved In '-
..... nlzotlor!. or .It bock It Itudy when 
not honell"" out notoo. 
If yOU _nt to work on " Loctu .. N .... " 
In tho .ummor It f.11 - contoct Kothlo 
Iry.m, .xt ... leet lifetime mom-
borohlp f ... , 1111/111 

AppIIootIono now ....... ocooptod 
for POOItIono on tho Muir C ..... 
CurrtClulum ....... ond D ....... -" 
loord - C_ to Muir 0-'. 0ftI00 . 
DoodIIne "*v Mev 1I1111ft 

ATTENTION PREDENT8: UCSf Dontol 
School rocrultllltl FrIdov. 1:00 pm 
R.v.lI. Form.1 Loun... For Info 
PromodlProdont 0ffIc:0 dJID 111111 

THIRD ITUDENTS: Nuu. office Open 
Hovo probloma or iuIt ~ to aIt 
down? Rm I 412 MC Coli ••• 
FoclHtotore .... 1111/11' 

R.crult.r from UCSF School of 
D.nIotry wltl bo on compua Frt 11-1 pm' 
In Rovol .. Inf_1 LoulltlO to ..... 
with Into...-d Chiconoo. lilli' 

meetinp 
New..... CWt - CetIIoIIc Stucloldl 
......... TonI8ht - .. U~ 
Chu .... tII,. 
Boorl"" CIu.. a-.I Mom ....... 
mootI"" . Election of OffIce.- - May 21 
7:. pm In tho R..,.. .. Informol LoulltlO 
11121' 

acti"ities m 
""onto C.rIo Nleht .. comlne. ~ 
"'.ht .t • pm In the Moin Oym Fun It 
'rll.III1I' 
MEMORIAL WEEKEND - COLORADO 
RIVER RUN - WHO: Open to .ny 
phyoicolly ...... dult. COlt: .7IlncJu_ 
InotrucUon. two poop" per conoo. 
.tov •• nd I.nt.rn.. p.ddlo.. IIf. 
I.ck.t •. ENTERTAINMENTII FOR 
MORE INFORMATION. CALL: Stophen 
__ ,.1,,/'11 

Advertisements for Ourselves 
Mu.t MIl '70 Y.moho 17&. t2IIO; 
tachomoter, .poodomot.r. nooda work. 
Oth.rwl.. In .xc.lI.nt condition. 
R.ROO 272.-2. 11/111 

• VW lu. Exc .... nt Condition. N_ 
Engine. N_ P.lnt, N_ Interior. Mu.t 
S .... ,210 or boot oHer. 271-1211. loov. 
nom •• nd Numbor 11/23' 

YAMAHA 1m RD3IO Oood Condo N_ 
Clutch & Tuno UP. Oood Tlr ... M71.00 
__ :.n. (15/23) 

,. HONDA 306. T.k.n .port, but 
ev.rythlng·. hore. B .. t off.r. Y.moho 
12 .trlng guitar - "00 . ...... Ev •. 
M.rlo. (15/21' 

1974 HONDA ST 90. Low mil .. ge. Sm.1I 
enough for girl •. 50 mil •• to the g.lIon. 
$375. 274-6437. (611') 

1974 LADY SPALDING Golf Cluba, 1. 3. 6 
Wood. and 3-pltch.r Iron •• for .. I •. All 
club. ar. In .xc.lI.nt condition. C.II 
.ftor4 p .m. 7157-201'. 1 .. /1.) 

·NEW-
Du.1 121. Tumtabl •• ,30 - ___ 
aft.r 6 (15/111 

CLASSIC MARTIN Eplphone Acou.tlc 
Guitar - .121 or boat offer. Monico 4&2-
.... 115/111 

SONY HP-17IA 1&w.tt AM-FM .t.r.o 
rec.lv.r BSR turnt.bl.. . ·tr.ck 
r.corder, 2·w.y 17" woof.r./2" 
tw .. t.ra) Sony lpoek.ro .2IO/mok. 
off.r 452-1714.ak for H.I 11/111 

lost and found 
SORRY ... due to I.ck of .p.c. we could 
not print 100t & found .d. tho POlt f_ 
i .. u .. - pi .... com. Into tho TT offlc. 
& look ov.r tho .d. if yOU would b. 
involv.d In any W.Y. KC 

personals 
APT. FRIENDS, I'm free .nd will be 
living at the beach thl •• ummer. Your 
identity for a .teal( dinner. Lyl. P. 15/111 

Anna Bonone'. BoutiQu. i. hoylng a 
golng-out-of-bulin"l .. Ie. Come by 
and brow ... ta.tW.ekl (5/16' 

Happy Blrthd.y to the Big T.iI.d, Bork 
Eating auadr.pad. From the p .... on on 
the bicycle built for 2. (6/16) 
Tom, give up ch.... b.lk.tball and 
even tennis. Maybe you were right. SO 
take up golf. Your frl.nd (7( (5 / 16' 

GRAN BOSO ... Tomorrow has b.en 
proclaim.d National Disaster Day. 
Happy Birthdayl Go for it all tomorrow_ 
BOlol on. and all. (6/16) 

To the girl whosa "I can't make it" I. 
almost as good II my " martyr." When 
do we donce1 Warty (5/16) 
' Lil Alfl. Gracls por todo, 
elPecialm.nte Le. McCaan. I. play. y 
au componia. Tu er.. muy might. 
mighty en ml librol IE.toy Encantol 
Signed. S.aled. Deliv.r.d ... AC Sp.rk-
plug 15/111 

LAST CHANCE to .end your doll.r. 
Send to: B.nd.la-. P.O. BOX .116 LIt 
Joll • . Sorry. no chock • . 1111.' 

To my secr.t pol In room 201: I'm .tlll 
Witching • • nd w.ltlngl (15/11) 

rick-th.nk. for tho rid • . your ".ct" with 
the dog w •• greatll but I'd r.th.r rid. 
.om.on •• 1 ••. m • . 151111 

Ylng Ylng- h •• rd lungl. f.ver .truck .t 
M.mmoth. H ... winging from vln. to 
vln. I.nd.d you I worthwhlla troo? 
Tarz.n. 115/111 

Argo 11 - w. dldn-t m.k. tho .el.ctlone -
Bob, Tim, Mike, D.v • • P.ul, .orry w. 
bothor.d you .bout 'p.I.: Sharon. 
Yvonne 1151111 

Olt your tooth Into oomethene lulcyl 
Tho Food COOP. I .. k. H.II lnext to the 
Ic. room Huotlor"0-4 dolly IpllI' 

HEY KIMI On your 21.t "Irthday 
rem.mber If vou con't ... good bo 
corofull Luvl Vlck... Jull.. Ken. Nick, 
Mike. John. Williom. Jim. Judy. Cindy. 
Anno. Cheryl. SuMn. Donno W .. M.rk 
Tvaon. D.vld P.rklne. Dr. lrown .nd 
Staff, D.v., Ooorg.. Stow.. lrody. 
D.v • • How.rd. Kim, Chick M.x. K.ren. 
Mom .nd D.d. I. by. I.cky. V.lerI •• 
Sponc.r Crone. Oretchen .... you Sure 
Aln't Lonelyl 111111 

CIPtoln " AQu. Jock:' Thonka for tho 
f.nta.tic dinner, donclng. lov.ly w.lk. 
--'uper-toco:' .nd .n overollgroot time. 
Thonkl, m • . 15/111 

To K.S . C. & C .. You'lI g.t you ... by tho 
21th. It will bo b.tt.r thon my I •• t 
... Ignm.nt. C.W. 11/111 

J. T.ny of Wlck.nburg. H.v •• good 
.umm.r. RHP (5/111 
Why Stay Hom. Tonight? F.mola 
.. cort .. rvlc • . 2 hondoom •• poreonobla 
m.I ... willing to .. rv • . V.rIo .... rotoa. 
pi .... c.1I for froo .. tlm.t ... Ru .. ~ 
., & AI.n-'1IZ7 Credit on .pprov.l; 
coli nowl 11/111 

STUD SERVICE: Charming. cut., woll-
.ndow.d mol. - IIv .. n .. r booch, Ilk .. 
Honk. drlnka Crlborl - off.,. •• rvlc ... 
R.t •• n.goti.bla. "Tiny" Tim. 7I5-na. 
15/111 

To.1I my frl.nds, Thonk vou, .v.ryon. 
for tho b .. t blrthdoy .ny girl could ev.r 
hov.. But rully. 110 b.lloone? Lov •. 
A.G. (6/11) 
Jennlf.r Z.uch: Ba wh.t you .r •• nd 
don't hid. b.hlnd your ov.rell • . D.d & 
Mom 16/111 

housing 
I ne.d to find. pl.co to IIv. from June 
1-June 13th. Fem.I •• pr.f.rably cl ... to 
.chool-will only hay. f.w b.longlng • . 
Will help p.y Rent. Electricity. 28 
Contact lourel Nel_.nd.r, 463-8134, 
LIt Jollo Vill.g. Apt.. IS/ 1.) 
LEASE: 2 br. condo, wlw carp.t. pvt. 
g.rd.n p.tio, gar.ge laundry, pool. 
AVlilabl. Jun. 1. L.... .240 mo. 
Gen.... Highland.. 462-4460 or 413-
1288. SANDY (p6/19) 

3 Roommat •• Needed Playmor Condo, 
unfurn. $80 singl., $70 doubl. 2'1> mi. 
.a.t UCSD N.ar bus. pool, voll.yb.lI. 
462-9034 (6/16) 

Share large two-b.droom houl. in 
Minion Hili., F.nc.d yard. Sunny. 
$112.50 plul utilltie.. Avail.bl. Im-
mediat.ly or June 1. 299-8848 (6/21) 

FOR RENT 
Two nice duplex.. in Pacific Beach 
clo.e to FWY 5 and La Joll.: (1) 3 
bedrooms 2 bath. c.rpet drap.ri •• 
.toye and refrigerator $300/month. 12'2 
b.drooms 1 bath - •• cond floor carp.t 
dr.perie. .tove and r.frigarator 
$200/month. Share of g.r.g. for both 
duplex ••. PI ... e c.1I4&I-f754. 1p6/23) 
Roommat. w.nted - .ha .. 2 Br_ hou.e 
in CI.lr.mont .r.1 $110.00 month 271-
8111. (5121) 

Do you n •• d $101 Glv. ma a room .nd 
boord n.ar UCLA for two wa.kI .nd Ita 
you,... Contoct M.c 462·..., (6/111 

VISITING PROFESSOR NEEDS HOME 
NEAR UCSD --JULY 25 THROUGH 
AUGUST 21. Two .dulle .nd thr .. 
childr.n. Exc.lI.nt rof.r.nc .. provided. 
1p6/21) 

looking for room or .om.ono to .hor. 
pl.ce. Fa.clnotlng p.reon (no .moklng, 
no p.ta) '7&/mo. B •• ch .r ••• J.ff 271-
1633 (5/111 
If you know of .nv houl •• or room. In 
the Pool. St. .rea In .. r UCSD) thot 
might bo .v.llGbl. for r.nt In Spot .• 
Errlc 4&2·1317. 11/111 

Roomote noocIocI Juno ,,,Sopt. 11. Own 
room In two bocIroom furnlohod "-
In ' .1 . 11/2 blocke from booch. 1 block 
from Tu ... 1111 oxt. 2B .... lIIl1' 

F g .. d aooIl. rmmto for COIY 2 br NW 
CLAIREMONT DUPLEX. F.nc.d 
bocky.rd •••• v.lI. 1/1 .. 7/1 . Ruth 
x2I70/27O-47I2 11/111 

Roomm.t.: M.I • • f.m.I • . Own room, 
So .. no B .. ch. '''2.10 - no .umm.r rent 
hik • . Mov. In Juno 1. Lloyd-,.... 
.tt.r I=-. 11/111 

Nic. Qul.t poopl. non-.mok.re w.nted 
for condo thl •• ummer .nd noxt y .. r; 
.pprox. .70 UCSD cIOl • . GI.n 4&2-_ 
K.r.n 463-_ (15/11) 

3 glrll noocI f.m.l. roomm.to for noxt 
.chool v .. r. Nlc. hou •• in Dol M.r 1 
block from booch C -1111. Colleen or 
Vicki 1112'1' 

Own Room .v.lI.ble Juno 11. 2 mi. of 
c.mpul. M.I. or F.m.l. tIl.lO/mo. guV 
or condy. evM. 452.., 11121' 

Shore .poclou., b .. utlful Sol.no looch 
3 bedroom hou .. this aummor. N.r 
beoch; own room; pI.no; VHr; "00; 
• v.llabl. now. 411 -1712.11/111 

F.m.l. hOUHmoq noocIod for ono 
month. M.y 17-Juno 17. Own room 
fuml.hed hou.. In Loucodla. till. 
Nonemoker. Cindy ___ or 431-4171. 
16/21' 

W.nt M.I. Surf.r-Stud.nt to .hor • 
sm.1I plac. on Sune.t Cliff.. Non-
• mok.r, Qul.t, ROOt. B .. t bofor. 8:00 
a . m . 222-0731 115/111 

F.m.l. roommot. w.nt.d, own room 
.90. Includ .... utll, c.bl. Tv, t.l.phon. 
So. CI.lrmont. Big Ylrd. ~ .fter 
6. R.ndy or Diano 1"/30' 

wanted 
EDUCATIONAL DIRECTOR 
Eetabll.h.d Ind.p.nd.nt .I.wl.h 
Sund.y Ichool - Send re.um/inquiry. 
P.O. Box25. loJolI.920381p6/111 

N •• d rid. to LA ev.ry S.turd.y. Shore 
exp.n .... 464-87" . (p6/19) 

N •• d rid. to Bo.ton-New York .fter 
Jun. 15. Will .h.r •• 11 exp.n •••. Andy 
753-8110115/14' 

SCIENCE FICTION p.perback. want.d 
by UCSD S.F. Club for donation to HL 
l.nding Library_ Cell Con.n at 464-11123 
1p6/23) 
W. ne.d color blind ,ubl.ctl for vl.lon 
experimants which are about to begin. 
W. will pay you to be init l.lly t •• ted 
and will give you the r •• ulta of your 
color vision t •• le with no obllg.tlon. If 
you are the typo of color blind pereon 
that we I,e looking for, vou c.n o.rn .2 
p.r hour by p.rticip.ting in vl.lon 
exp.rim.nta which c.n .xt.nd ov.r • 
period of many wooka If you choo •• _ 
If you .ra intor .. ted. pi .... c.1I x3I24 
or .top by I.. in building 2C' 
(Plychology Annex' Ipl/23' 
To Buy · Bik. r.ck for c.r. 4&2-0321. 
Brl.n 11/,.) 

Stud.nt with Int.r .. t .nd bockeround 
In N.uro.cl.nc. to help with Prolect. 
Oood .. I.ry pold for .pprox. 11 houro 
work. Bo~8I3O Mornings - ,I.t. 
night 1611.) 

An old guitar for b.glnner undor ta. 
JEAN DUNN 412-.... 11/1.) 

Speed Read.,. (100 wpm or more) 
wanted for P.ych .xp.rlm.nU on 
r .. dlng . • ' .• /hr. C.II x2I42 ldey, __ 
4321 lev.'. L .. we nome .nd phono no. 
M.rkll/23l 

Soft. furry kitten w.nted. Wliline to 
poy. C.II Av."''' C-_. 11/14' 

Friday,May 14, 1975 

UCSD AIkido CIu .. ..,...,... .n ...... 
AIIddo .-.- on Mev 17tIt. c...... 
.... ov.lI.ltlo In •• If-dot ...... 
............. nd mlftd.1Iody homIony. 
For Info.R ............ ..,,.. 

RAZA ,...... - C ...... I .......... onol 
c-t.rltl .. m...., .. III,. 
M.y 17 La Jol .. CIvIc I UNIV. SYM· 
PHONY Mondevllio AudItortum • p.m • 
.. I'., 
PHILOIOPHY COUOOUIUM. 1Frt. S pm 
PftL ",1. VloItIne Prof. Sidney Hook. 
''T_rd O ... '-IQUOIItv."..,,., 

Whet .. ESPERANTO 1'-- ,.11 Pinel 
out .t Muir "V_nt Lot" Food Co-ep 
downotalro N of I It ._ ~. -. 
Othora caM C.miIlo .m7 It IoOYo 
m ...... 1II1., 

Stud.nta with no pravlou. o.port_. 
In P8ychology .-ded for .xPerlment In 
Juno . • ,. "r/hr. coll.-_. M.v ,. 
& 20 botwoon ,.. pm. 11/111 

senices 
Lot our fine.,. do your Typl",,1 
Ol_rtotlona--Th_-Occtora .... 
c'mpul Plckup/D .. lvery 11M Soloc· 
trlc. wried typO f.c .. Dorlo-Dou .... D 
A .. oclatoa224-lU'lIpl/11) 

FULLER BRUSH Boor Brlatlo H.lr-
bru.h ... For Fullor lru.h Sorvlc .... 
_ or 481-737& (1/2' 

RESEARCH AIDS - Nerth Amerlco" 
I.rgoot HfYlc._ For cotlleguo .."d .2' 
to: E ... y S.rvlc .. , P.O. Box 1211. 
NI.gr. F.II., N.Y. 14S112. Aloo. campus 

. ropr~lvoo required. PI_ writ • . 
411-. _ . lpelt' 

OUITAR LESSONS B.gln-
nor/lnterm.dl.to. r ... onobl.. ex-
porionced prof~onel. folk fln..,-
pick In. end mony other dlfferont ItYIoa 
t.ueht. U4-HI2/w •• kday.. 271· 
I33S/wook-.ncI •. lpe/1ll 

Summer work beck E.at. Earn taaI . 
C.II-". IIIII·· 

TYPIST. F.t. Stertlng 4Ic pOr PO ... 
R.chol.t4l3-1272 11/11) 

Tune upo, light ropelr, brok ... etc. Oood 
work, low prlc •. Mlk •• -1.,2 (1/111 

TREES. pruned. planted. or romoved. 
expOrt trimming of .hrubs .nd hod ••. 
DESIGNING .nd conatructlng of .m.1I 
I.nd.c.p. proj.ct. Involvlne .tono. 
brick. wood. and pl.nta. AI 277-31211 
115/111 

travel 
SOUTH AMERICA & GALAPAOOS 
ISLES 2"- Month Exp.rI.nc .. , lOW-COlt 
Brochur. : NEWWORLD 
EDUCATIONAL TRIPS PO lOX 2131 
S.lIn •• , C. . 93101 
(116/18' 
M.gezlne wrlt.r, curr.ntly touring 
nation In Iorg. v.n, look. fem.l. 
trav.llng comp.nion with more thon 
aver.ga inter •• t. in 10urn.lI.m. 
photogrophy, .cl.nce. politi c._ Wrltl 
Stuckey c.r. of Henlhon. 342. 
Yo.omita St. , Sen Di.go, C.I. 92101 
(p6/18l 

. CHART.ER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE, 
ISRAEL ORIENT_ Low prlc. - long .nd 

. • hort fllghts _ Limlt.d 'P.C • . 
PROFESSIONS INTERNATIONAL 1401 
W .. twood Blvd. LA 900241213' 871-1121 
or 4n-1112 (811) 

- EUROPE-ISRAEl·AFRICA-ORIENT Low 
co.t fllghta, toura, tho whol. etudent 
bit. At our offlc. ov.r 200 FREE non-
comm.rclll pomphl.ta. brochuroo ... blg 
buck ••• Ying. ESTC 110 W. Sixth. Suit. 
iI8L.A. 900141213'823-2821 IpllI' 

SSW Tr.wl OHic. - ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE, NY. It ORIENT CHARTERS. 
1Rt'1 Stud.nt ID. Eu .. n. HCIItOI Corda, 
Trlppl". M.gallno. etc. UC8D In-
tornotlonol c.ntor 4&2 ... 11 om-4 pm 
M.W _F. ONLY Clooed Tuea-Thuro. (pell' 

EUROPE-ISREAL-AFRICA Stud.nt 
fllghte yeo, round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11117 Son VIc.nte Blvd. No.4 
LA.C.IIf .... 
T .. : (213''''. ____ (pili' 
C ...... r It Regu .. r .Irtlno tick .... Phone 
.....1. Univoroity T..voI 2341 Avo. D. 
Le .... y •• La JoIlo. Co. (pili.,. 


