
friday. sePt-mber 26, 1975 

New AS Chairman: There 
Is Little Student Imput 

GSU Presents Report on 
UCSD Waste at Rally 

by Gre,Hieb 
Staff Writer 

A primary goal of the Academic 
Senate (AS) this year is to make 
the organization "more real to 
students," according to the new 
chainnan of the Senate, Sheldon 
Shulz. 

At present, said Shulz, there is 
no adequate format to interact 
with students. The general fun. 
ction of the Senate Is to "look after 
the educational well-being of the 
campus," but, added SImlz, "there 
is little interest in the doings of the 
AS until a crisis arises. " 

At present there are student 
representatives on the various 
COnunittee8 of the AS, and one 
representative with the power of 
the floor at Senate meetings. The 
AS includes a variety of com-
mittees: Academic Freedom, 
Educational Policy (which ap-
proves undergrad courses), 
Environment (which deals with 
the quality of the general campus 
envirorunent - transportation and 
new building in the area around 
the campus), University Exten-
sion, Education Abroad, and many 
others. 

It is questionable whether the 
students in the AS really represent 
the student· body .... Ie, IiDee 
the "students on this campus are 
not organized in a coherent 
fashion." 

Some Structure 
It is necessary, Shulz says, that 

students "agree on some 

New Majors 
In APIS, Econ 
Offered 

by Mark Stadler 
News EdItor 

The only new majors this year 
at UC San Diego are Computer 
and Electrical Engineering, from 
the Applied Phsyics and Infor-
mation Science (APIS) Depart-
ment, and Management Science, 
from the Economics Department. 

The Computer and Electrical 
Engineering majors will be the 
first Bachelor of Science 
programs offered by the Physics 
department, which was previously ' 
limited to Bachelor of Arts 
degrees. 

Limited to 3rd Uld 4th 
. The first two years 01 both APIS 
majors are almost identical, 
according to Dr. Carl Helltrom, 
APIS chairman, including classea 
in Math, Physics and Natural 
Science. In the upper di~ the 
two programs diverge. wtth three 
options in the Electrical 
Engineering major: electranica, 
communicatlona and .,ami aDd 
control. 

These programs are UmIted to 
Third and Forth College Itudentl. 
as Revelle and Muir are reartded 
by their charters to give out onb' 
SA degreee. However both coUece 
provosta are uIdq the CommItte 
on Educatioaal Policy to aDow a 
SA degree to be IUbitituted for the 
as in theee new majora. 

Helstrom feels the Computer 
and E1eetrical EncIneerinc as 

[CoaUaued PapS] 

representative structure." (There 
W88 once an Associated Students 
at U~D, but the students voted to 
abolish it in 1m.) In order to do 
this, he said, students must 
overcome an "inherent cynicism" 
about student govenunent. 

It is also questionable, said 
Shulz, whether the student 
representatives in the AS receive 
adequate feedback from the 
general student bQdy. Greater 
dialogue between the AS and 
student8 is needed on such 
questions as: What constitutes a 
meaningful input of students into a 
fonnal structure such as the A.S.; 
What should the Senate be getting 
out of student participation?; and 
Is there any function that the AS 
should be performing for students 
that it is not? . 

In connection with this last 
question Shulz suggested that it 
should be investigated whether the 
students need an impartial person 
or group of persons officially 
sanctioned to hear student com-
plaints and e-· ~lp in resolving 
conflicts. Many other campuses 
have such organizations; 
Berkeley, for example, has three 
people who perfonn this function 
for the student body. 

Sbulz emp~d that be Nus 
not detennined that such an 
organization is needed here. 
Perhaps, he stated, the provosts' 
offices are adequately handling 
this role. What he wants, he said, 
is to initiate a dialogue between 
himself (and the AS in general) 
and the students on this campus. 

To this end he stated that any 
student can contact him through 
the Academic Senate Office to 
discuss points which are of in-
terest to them. 

The Graduate Student Union meeting last Friday. (See Triton 
(GSU) has exhausted all Times story, page one, Sept. 22). 
establislunent alternatives, GSU The report cited examples of 
Member Dan Rosen told the 250 what the GSU tenned a drop in 
students assembled on Revelle I educational quality at UCSD, 
plaza Wednesday afternoon. including the removal of papers 

~n later refused to elaborate 
on what action the GSU will now 
pursue, saying that would be 
discussed at the next meeting, 
scheduled for last night. 

Highlighting the rally was a 
review of the GSU's past activities 
and a reading of portions of the 17-
page report the GSU attempted to 
present to the University of 
California Regents. Through this 
the GSU hopes to build un-
dergraduate support for its ac-
tivities, especially among students 
new to the campus. 

Regents Refused Report 
The GSU report, compiled over 

the swruner by GSU members, is 
a 17-page document on the TA 
situation and alleged ad-
ministrative waste at UC San 
Diego, backed with over 100 pages 
of evidence, including department 
memos and administration 
reports. The Regents refused to 
officially accept the report at their 

from the Revelie Humanities 
sequence and various increases in 
student-TA ratios, as in the 
Sociology department where there 
will be an increase in ration of 150 
percent to 144 students per T A. 

GSU members maintained that 
Gov. Brown and the Regents are 
involved in an effort "to 'starve' 
graduate students out of the 
University so that 'highly paid 
faculty ' will have to do more 
work." 

Federal Research Grant Funds 
The GSU report suggested that 

the administration had an im-
mediate method for funding many 
grad students, without a loss of 
tuition and fees money. " At 
almost every University 
system ... tuition and fees of 
graduate students working on 
federal research grants are 
automatically taken out of that 
grant." This, the report claimed, 
would pay tuition and fees for ~o 
percent of the students. 

G ...... student Dan ROI .. 
nN • ... GS U'I histoty before 25O~, a clOWd H later 
termed "Iomewhat dilap-
pointing ." 

"{Photo: Tell S peny) 
Reforms that the GSU suggested 

to the administration for con-
sideration included the raising of 
UCSD to UC's standard for T A 
allocations, the elimination of 
excessive administration costs 
and free housing, a freeze on all 
administrators' salaries over 
$30,000 and the immediate use of 
disretionary fWlds to meet grad 
student needs. 

Reached Most Classes Last Winter 

CAPE: To Evaluate UCSD Teaching 
by Robin DeRieux 
and Ron Anbar ' 
Staff Writers 

CAPE (Course and Professor 
Evaluations), an organization 
fonned and staffed by students, is 

a collective designed to provide 
students with student evaluations 
of instruction at UC San Diego. 

Located directly below the Muir 
Commons, the CAPE office 
welcomes students who need 
assistance in dealing with, or 
learning about the university. 

CAPE solicits evaluations 
quarterly, passing out student 
questionnaires in all classes and 
publishing the results. In addition 
to student criticisms, the 
publications include comments 
from professors, and information 
on special subjects such as student 
cooperatives, the University of 
California Regents , tips on 
"Dealing With the Bureaucracy" 
and others. 

The Course and Professor 
Evaluations reached 8S percent of 
the classes in their most recently 
published results for the winter of 
1975. 

Annual Budget of $18,500 
Operating on an annual budget 

of $18,500, CAPE is funded by a 
state grant called "The Million 
Dollar Fund," which is primarily 
intended to be spent on the 
evaluation of instruction. 

J Two/thirds of the budget is used to 
pay the wages of the 15 students 
who comprise the CAPE staff, 
with the rest going for operating 
expenses. 

Criticism of CAPE centers 
primarily on its ineffectiveness in 
improving courses that students 
are dissatisfied with during the 
actual quarter in which they are 
being taught. 

To alter this situation, CAPE is 
offering to pass out questionnaires 
during the middle of the quarter 
for professors who wish to be 
infonned of student discontent in 
time to remedy the situation. The 

[Continued on Page 8] 

'Carburetor' Published for 
Both New, ettled UC D tudent 

by DanWelu 
Staff Writer 

Anyone from new students finding themselves lost and lonely to 
seasoned vets wanting to fund a pet project can now benefit from the 
latest U~D student handbook, '!be Carburetor. 

Mark Bookman, Director of the Student Center, claims the handbook 
is innovative in that it was written, edited and illustrated solely by 
UCSD studenta, and 10 contains items "not nonnally seen in student 
handbooks. " 

Bookman's team of five writers, two co-editors and one illustrator has 
included chapters geared to the new student, sutb as "'!be System," and 
"Housing," chapters for the settled student (In money matters and 
student organizations and features attempting to allay those 0m-

A UCSD student bri fly considers the 
thoughts and ideas of Mary Worth before 
returning to Hegel. (TT photo: Nathan 
Meyers) 

nipresent worries about academia, lonel and ! ph c. 
Bookman credits student co-editor Bob Simon with "putting the 

wheels in motion" by proposing the new fonnat to the Advisory Com-
mittee on Student Fee Programs following several joint student btl 
trainstonning aelSiODl. 

Five thousand copies have been printed to date with two thousand 
more on order, for a total ~t of about fIIOOO. 

Tht. new handbooks may be obtained free at any of the college deans' 
offices. 



Friday, September 26, 1975 

Letters 0 the Editor 

P ice Case: Students Again Forgotten . 
Lut quarter c:IurtnI 

flnala. PINal A. Price at bloJocy 
W8I noUfI that be wu denied 
tenure b) the faculty at tile 

~t~moJocy.To~ 
people wbc lave bad Dr. Price u 
a profeas(~ 01' who know him 
outside the classroom and wllb to 
help, please write to Warren 
BuUer, chairperson, Department 
of Biology and also to Dr. Paul 
Saltman, vice-chancellor of 
academic affalra, ezpressing your 
concern. '!bere may be a recon-
sideration of the decision and a 
healthy student feedback can only 
be an advantage to him. 

His denial to tenure by the 
fsculty here poses as interesting 
question. Dr. Price is IUIdoubtedly 
one of the most accomplished, 
interesting and exciting lectureres 
at UCSD. A review of past CAPE 
surveys will bear this out. His 
teaching of organic chemistry has 
consistently been well-revlewed by 
his students. His research into the 
structlire and function of certain 
enzymes is or" the best In the field. 
He has recently ezpanded his 
interests to Include the aging 
process. He has had no trouble 
acq~ governlDent research 
funding, has attracted and 
graduated several graduate 
students, has published con-
sistenUy In respected edited 
journals, bas served on many 
committees, has shown an ex-
pressed interest In teaching well 
and remains open to students and 
their questions at all times - things 
that several tenured and non-
tenured professors In the depart-
ment have had trouble doing. One 
wonders then why he is being 
dismissed. 

The reader, as a student, should 
take an active interest in this case. 
The student's interests, as com-
monly happens here at UCSD, 
have been relegated to second or 
third place In deference to the 
faculty's interests. 

Price, who in measurement 
against three major tenure 
criteria (research, teaching 
ability, and academic conununity 
Involvement) scores excellent 
marks, has been denied the op-
portunity to remain on the faculty 
while other people have been 
actively recruited and/or granted 
tenure who do not come close to 
satisfying these criteria. 

It seems that in a department 
top heavy with molecular 
biologists and geneticists that it is 
research success and/or promise 
In these fields which decides a 
UCSD biology professor's fate. 
Anything else besides research 
does not seem to be worth much. 

H you are a student, consider for 
a moment the quality of education 
and teaching you receive here. 
Remember, you are paying not 
only money but your time and 
effort. Do you think you are get-

ting wbM you sbouJd from a "top 
fligIt" ICboolor do you think that 
the prof who won't answer your 
questlona In or after claas or who 
doesn't live a damn about Ida 
students or his teaching abllity 
should be given the boot, even if 
the guy is a honcho with a Nobel 
Prize? Col1llider whether a new 
way of teaching might reach you 
better and teach you more. 
Consider whether your profs even 
try to make their holy subject 
matter pertinent to your overall 
education. In a state-funded public 
university, whose duty it is to 
teach its students to think and to 
use Man's knowledge, are you 
getting a fair deal? Or is some 
prors research ambitions short-
changing your learning? 

If people were wiWnc to teach 
themIeIves, the univenity would 
not exist. They are not 10 willing, 
appareJtIy, and therefore come to 
be expoeed to new and lItranIe 
things. Good researcben are 
irnportaJt to tie acquainted with 
the changing worlds In science and 
elsewhere. But equally important 
are the teachers who can make an 
idea come aUve and be in-
teresting. Students may not know 
all the cosmic poop that a honcho 
knows but the stUdent can surely 
know who is a decent teacher and 
who could care less. All It takes is 
five minutes and you can set down 
your thoughts and send it to the 
two people I mentioned at the 
beginning -it is worth your while. 

North Star Lucky to 
Get What it Got 

'!be North Star complains editorially that It received only one-tenth 
as much subsidy from student funds as did the Triton Times. 

Having read the Sept. 75 North Star, I think they're lucky to get so 
much. Of the four pages, one is wasted on a "guide" to the previous 
issue, another is devoted mainly to the internal history of the paper, 
and about one page is "a revised version" of an article already 
available locally in the •. b. People's Rag. 

Ple~, CORrades! Even Maoism can be made more interesting 
than that. 

Sincerely, 
STEVE TRACY 

Del Mar Recall is · Irresponsible 
A petition is currenUy being circulated in Del Mar recall yet claims others could be listed, 'includlng 

for the recall of John Weare as Del Mar City "failure to implement any Open Space plan." Since 
Councilman. It states that Mayor Richard Rypinsky no one in Del Mar politics bas been more con-
and CoWlcilman Tom Shepherd would aiso have sistently committed and has already achieved more 
been included In the recaU If they could have been. with. regard to open space than John Weare, this 
The petition is considered irresponsible and o~ vague allegation must be taken as a smoke screen 
structionist by all the councilmembers except Tom meant as much to obscure the motives of the 
Pearson, who supports It. I think it is important for petitioners. '!be petition aims, through Weare, at the 
your readers to be aware of what is Involved and at Conununity Plan precisely because of its en-
stake In the move to recall John Weare, particularly vironmental and land use measures, and I believe it 
since many will be eligible to vote in Del Mar. can be traced back without difli(.'Iilty to realtor and 

'!be stated grounds for the petition are that the developer interests. 
council denied .citizens the right to vote on the 
Community Plan. '!be plan is in fact to be voted upon 
on November 25J and the recall petition seems to be 
part of an attempt to divert attention from .that 
crucial election. What the petitioners seem to be 
objecting to is that they have been deprived of the 
possibility of voting simply 'yes or no' on the plan as 
a whole. 

'!be ballot on November 25 will break down the 
central controversial aspects of the Couununity Plan 
into 11 questions, relating mainly to Community 
Development (Residential and Business Land Use) 
and Envirc:>nmental Management, with one question 
each regarding Transportation (Le. Camino Del 
Mar) and an Economic Impact Analysis. The ballot 
calls for a consideration of the issues by the voters; 
the petitioners claim that the time for debating and 
considering issues is past. 

'!be spokesperson for the petitioners, Helen 
Drysdale, says, "We don't want a list of questions, 
we want to vote on the plan." (Del Mar Surf comber, 
Sept. 11). Another of the four petitioners, O.B. 'Mlke' 
Shoulders was quoted (in the San Diego Union, Aug. 
21) as saying, with regard to the idea of debating 
Weare, "I'm not so sure I'm all that familiar with all 
the issues ." 

Weare has treated the recall petition as the 
diversionary annoysnce it is and has consistently 
tried to focus attention on the issues of the upcoming 
vote on the various measures of the Community 
Plan, most significantly the land use questions In-
volving the use of dowo"'lonlng as a mea", for 
controlling growth and preserving Del Mar's 
character. He was elected by the largest majority 
achieved by a council member on precisely these 
Issues, and he sees the November 25 election as the 
chance to have many of ' his campaign promises and 
hopes for Del Mar realized. 

I expect your paper will go into the substantive 
questions of the Del Mar Community Plan in the 
next weeks. But the move to recall Weare, although 
just a side issue, deserves attention now In itself. It 
has a~dy cost John, his family and some of his 
supporters cOnsiderable time and energy. H the 
petition is successful, the resulting election to decide 
whether he will be recalled will cost the City of Del 
Mar Itself quite a bit more money. Money that could 
go, for example, towards securing open space. And 
before that vote the election of November 25 will 
have shown the extent to which Del Mar supports its 
Community Plan and the efforts of its City Council to 
further it. The recall movement is only un-
derstandable as a tactic in the opposition to the 
Community P~n and as such it sheds light on the 
character of that opposition. 

A LIBERTARIAN SOCIALIST 

Christianity_ 

On the 
Right Foot 

by DanIel Slaawler 
Arts EdHor 

Christianity is a remarkable 
story.· It has been around for 200D 
years and it seems to be getting 
stronger. 

Most people, approaching it 
from a political viewpoint, would 
consider Christianity to be a 
success. But success must be 
measured In tenns of professed 
goals - In this case, the salvation 
of souis. To the regret of many, 
Christianity seems to have lost 
more souls than it has saved. M08t 
of this has happened while 
Christianity has been a major 
political force. 

However, when Christianity has 
contented itself with simpb" beiag 
a religion, the result bas been the 
opposite. A brief examination of 
the history of Christianity reveals 
why. 

The initial growth of 
Christianity, from a small 
regional religion In Palestine to 
the faith of the Roman Empire, 
within five centuries, was possible 
because the philosophy ' of 
Christianity was so strong that 
thousands of early Christians were 
willing to sacrifice their lives for 
their beliefs. That people were 
willing to die for an Idea wouid not 

According to the same report, "Shoulders said he 
felt, contrary to the statement he endorsed with his 
signature on the recall notice, that the voters will 
have a chance to vote on the issues involved with Del 
Mar's new Community Plan." JEFFREY BARNOUW be considered so unusual except 

The petition declines to give other grounds for the LITERATURE DEPT· for one fact: not one opponent of 

Open Letter to Winter 4B Students 
Christianity was ever killed In 
retaliation. 

The early Christians were 
On June 5, 1975, Vice-chancellor 

Saltman appointed a committee to 
investigate charges of misconduct 
bro\l8ht by Mr. Donald Strebel 
against Professor Keith 
Brueckner . The principal 

allegations were set forth In a 
memorandum from Mr. Strebel to 
Professor Carl Helstrom, chair-
person of the Department of 
Applied Physics and Information 
Science, dated April 3, 1975. 

'!be committee was chaired by 
Professor Frederick Olafson, 
chairperson, Department of 
Philosophy, and the other mem-
bers were Dr. Patrick Ledden, 
lecturer in mathematics and 
associate provost of Muir College, 
and Mr. Tom Hull, assistant to the 
vice-chancellor fi academic af-
fairs. The committee submitted its 
report on August 4,1975. I, hereby, 
submit the conunittee's unedited 
report to you. 

You will note on a careful soldiers of nonviolence, not of war. 
reading of the report that It has Christianity gained a foothpld In 
two parts. One part deals with the the mind, a position infinitely 
specific allegations at misconduct more secure than the foothold 
by Professor Brueckner and the gained by the physical compulaion 
coounIttee's opinion as to the nonnally used by armed forces. 
sufficiency of the evidence to M a result, this period of growth 
support those charges. I concur was the most successful in the 
with thelr opinion that there is no history of Christianity. 

r---------------------------------------------

evidence to support the charges at In the fifth century, as 
misconduct against Professor t Christianity became the oJftcial 
Brueckner, and I have not and will religion of the Reman Empire, It 
not take any disciplinary action became allied with politics. The 
against him. laws of ChrIstianity became the 

frifon. i n1(·s 
UC S.nDI~ 

John H. Taylor 
Edltor-in-chief 
.~ark Woelber James G. Solo 

IVfaDt!gi,,! Mitor Cttyedltor 

MJirk stadler AnneUebier 
wsedllor Copy editor 

CraifUcblda Rick Rodewald 
E lI.rlal director BusblelS Mauger 

Sara J . LoWeD Daniel Sbawler 
CommuDity editor ArtaecUtor 

DaveEIIeD Tad Sperry 
Sports editor Phote editor 

WeadyEa,1e 
Office 1Da.,er 

Staff Writers 
Ran Anbar 

Pierre Bedard 
Margaret Hewey 

Greg Hicks 
Marg.,et Krulger 

Dario McDarby 
Alan Russell 
Ed Simons 

Mlch .. ISlm~ 
Cral, Uchida 

0.0 Weill 
Rlcherel K. Yep 
Steve .,medlne 
Ie"y Chime'" 
Timothy Meckenzle 
Lorin Spltllr 
SctH hllll 
Ie .. Steiner 
peulWe.ner 

Business 
o.mlen Moor. 
Klthy Monroe 
Ooug Moon.., 
Ter ... Blekl 
Kenzie Nicoli 

'!be second part deals with more laws fi civil government. At this 
general issues affecting un- point, Christianity ceased being 
dergraduate education at UCSO. the protectorate fi the masses and 
In my opinion, they are the Im- became the weapon of the oj)' 
portant issues to address In our prellOl'. Only a small, but vitally 
effort to improve the quality at Important, part at the early 
undergraduate eUucation. Co& Christian tradition survived in the 
sequently, I nave direc..ied the . monasteries and bermita&es. The 
appropriate cammltteea of the Westem world plUJlled Into the 
Academic Senate, Department Dark Ages. The Crusades were 
Chalrs, and their facultiet, and the launched and the Inquisition took 
ProVOl1l, wbo Iban with me tile shape, murderin8 tbouuncla "In 
responsibWty for aclclrelllng the the name of ct.iat. It The courts 
laue. railed In tIU report, and were all effleeI· ....... 8Dd IDOI& fi 
Vlce-cbancellor SaltmM, with the the lov8l'lllD.t mJnlat.t1'l ..... 
aped8c requelt tbM they study cleric; there wu DO dlffereDCe 
the report carefully, and tileD, between anudl aDd State. 
meet with me to ~ ways In The rtformItlan. tv. tbo ..... It 
whlc:b we mlIbt punue tbIIe was partly poIIUc:" In .. ba, 
luuea In • COIIItructive fubAoa. .started tbe ' movement of 

I am In no poIition at tbia time a.iItIaIdty away tram poUtlel. 
to IPIdf1 tbe aact .. tun 01 o.t BqIanIJIc with the free tIUk .. 01 
procell, but I do III1In you o.t tile 17th CIIt., aDd ..a.ted by 
the matter will be ~ tile CGIIIUtaUanal ...,..Uon 01 
W. D. McELROY alANCEu.oR (Cea.1IIId _ p •• I) 

, 

Fridav, Seplember 26, 1975 

More Letters 

Chancellor Doesn't 
Present All the Facts 

In his Letter. to the Editor 
\V'ednesday, Chancellor McElroy 
expresses the hope that " ... in the 
weeks ahead our campus media 
will strive to give us the facts we 
need to dnw reasonable con-
clusions ... " about the current 
crisis in undergnduste education 
and graduate student em-
ploymeJt. We would like to ex-
press a similar hope that In the 
future Chancellor McElroy 
bimseH might also strive to give 
us aD the facts whenever he ad-
dresses the UCSD community. 

As concerns Joe Rogers' ap-
pearance before the Regents 
Committee on Finance, for 
example, Chancellor McElroy 
creates a false impression of that 
meeting by choosing not to 
mention two crucial facts: 1) that 
Joe spoke not for the Graduate 
student Union, ·but rather, on 
bebalf of the system-wide Student 
Body Presidents Council, and 2) 
that the statement which Joe 
attempted to deliver was a su~ 
stantially different document from 
the one which the GSU sought In 
vain to present. . 

Now it is true that Joe addressed 
this committee on the subjects of 
graduate student employment and 
the maintenance of quality un:-
dergraduate education. It is true 
also that his presentation was 
based on research compiled by the 
GSU and requested from us by the 
SBPC, which has for some time 
shown an interest in the T A 
problem. But it is DOt true that 
Joe's SBPC presentation con-
stituted a hearing by ~e Regents 
Committee on Finance of either 
the GSU's demands, or its analysis 
of the current crisis, or its 
recommendations as to where 
money can be found In order to 
alleviate this crtsis. 

In fact, Vice-President Ad 
Breuger infonned us at that 
meeting Thursday that the GSU 
would never be allowed to address 
the Regents "because the Regents 
do not talk to unions." It is In-
structive to note that it took the 
administration almost three fall 
months to give us this answer 
after it was Chancellor McElroy 
himself who, in a memo July 3 to 
the GSU, first recommended that 
we seek to address the Regents. 

SR 10 . . . $ 39.95 

We acted upon his suggestion in 
good faith, and - it was the ad-
ministration which acted in bad 
faith by constantly encouraging 
our fruiUess pursuit of such a 
hearing. 

Chancellor McElroy's com-
ments on the present situation In 
the Chemistry .nd Mathematics 
departmera equally commit sins 
of factual omission. Whatever 
truth there is to his statement that 
the Chemistry department has the 
sanle TA FTE allocation as last 
year, he overlooks the facta that 
both undergraduate enrollments 
and TA work-loads have In-
creased. According to the San 
Diego Union (Sept. 25), the 
Chemistry' department has 
doubled the teaching assignments 
of first-year graduate students. 
Chemistry T.A.'s for discllllioD 
sections are now responsible for 90 
students, an Increase from 50 
students last yearj and the 
department has been forced to cut 
winter and spring lab sessions by 
33 per cent. 

A similar deterion1ion charac-
terizes the situation in the 
Mathematics department. Despite 
Chancellor McElroy's suggestion 
that things aren't all that bad due 
to a loss of only three T AFTE, the 
fact · remains that many un-
dergraduates in calculus 
sequences now meet their section 
Instructor only once Instead of 
twice a week. And the fact 
remains that Math TA's must this 
year teach four instead of two 
sections - a fact which makes 
Individual TA's responsible for 
upwards of 120 undergra<tuates. 

In the future, then, the GSU 
would like to see Chancellor 
McElroy follow his own advice: 
namely, "to give us the facts we 
need." 

TOM LEWIS 
JIM KAVANAGH 

GSU 

"None of the means of in-
fonnation are more sacred or 
have been cherished with more 
tenderness and care by the 
settlers of America than the 
press. " 

John Adams 

SR 16 ... $ 44.95 "''''''.~~~ 0 2550 ..... $ 37 .95 
o 5050 .... $113 .95 

• rl.oll .1 OM'S Page Ihree 
McElroy Letter: Misleading, Uninformed 

It is indeed a rare occasion when the Chancellor 
takes the opportunity to communicate with the 
students of UCSO. It is unfO lUIate that in his letter 
to the TI (Wednesday, Sept. 24), Professor McElroy 
did more to confuse those students than " to set the 
record straight." It Is particularly disheartening 
that be used a series at misleading and uninfonned 
statements to call into questlon the accuracy of 
TritOD Time. news reporting. 

The Chancellor's statements cannot be su~ 
stantiated. The TritoD TtmeI stories, on the other 
hand, were based on a carefully and ezienslvely 
documented report prepared by the Gnduate 
Student Union, and on first band reports from 
people, including myself, who attended the Thurs-
day, September 18 Regents meeting. (Copies of the 
GSU Report are being sold at cost (50 cents), and the 
100 page research appendix is available in the 
CentRl and Cluster libraries.) '!bese stories were 
accurate and did not in any way obscure the truth. 
For the benefit of the Chancellor and the rest of the 
University Community, I would like to review the 
facta of the matter. 

Joe Rogers, external 'affairs coordinator of the 
UCSD Gnduate Student Council, was at the Regents 
meeting as a member of the Student Body 
Presidents CoIUICU. He did DOt present the GSU 
Report to the Regents, either in written or verbal 
fonn. Joe attempted (rather unsuccessfully) to 
present an SBPC position paper on the TA problem. 
This was an iDdepeDdeat presentation, significantly 
different from the GSU Report, In which the SBPC 
made some use of GSU research documents 
(provided on request). 

'!be GSU, though, was expliciUy denied a place on 
the agenda, despite filing a request for this montha 
ago, In strict accordance with the Regents' 
procedural rules. '!be GSU, If given a , spot on the 
agenda, was prepared to make its report available to 
the administration and Regents well in advance of 
the meeting. 'Ibis was rejected by the ad-
ministration. Universi~ Vice President Bruger, 
when contacted at the meeting, admitted to a GSU 
member, in my presence, that the GSU would Dever 
be placed on the agenda - simply because it was a 
union. GSU members were able to attend the Sep-
tember Regents meeting only as Interested citizens, 
and were not at any time allowed to speak to or with 
the Regents about their Report. 

'!be Regents are Dot listening to the GSU and have 
no Intention of doing so. '!bough given ample op-
portunity, they have DOt invited the GSU to present 
its Report at the Sept. 26 Finance Committee 
meeting. '!be Chancellor is fully cognizant of these 
refusais, and he himself engaged In obscuring the 
truth by leaving them out of his letter. 

It is also amazing if he is truly unaware of the'50% 
cuts in labs and sections in various departments. His 
own figures show a 12% decrease in the number of 
math TA's at the same time that there has been a 
ID% increase in enrollment. A Chemistry Depart-
ment memo of May 22, 1975 (Appendix 6, GSU 
Report) was sent to the Chancellor projecting a' 53% 
reduction In the number of laboratory sections. A 
quick check with the Chemistry Department shows 
that this projection is becoming reality. A similar 
Mathematics Department memo of September 8, 
1975 (Appendix 5, GSU Report) notes that the TA 
shortage bas forced problem sections In Math 1 and 
Math 2 to be cut from 2 to 1 meeting per week. TA's 
in these coones can only be required to hold enough 
office hours to allow 2 mlnuteslstudenVweek. 

Let's face it: 01ll' Chancellor is out of touch with 
the realities of education at UCSD. Our Chancellor, 
in fact, is out of touch with UCSD itself. Last year, 
on one of the rare occasions he was not out of town 
on "important business," he was seen on Revelle 
(the first) campus. It was reported that he was so 
unfamiliar with the territory that at one point he 
found it necessary to ask a bystander where the 
nearest Men's Room was located. It is beyond my 
ability to imagine how such a man can pretend to 
pronouce on the " truth" about what's happening on 
campus. 

'!be real purpose of the Chancellor's letter was to 
attempt to discredit the GSU and to defuse the 
criticisms which it has brought to light. This 
response is grounded in his vested interest In the 
status quo. If a compu~tion of the Chancellor's 
"real world equivalent" salary (i.e. including fringe 
benefits ; Appendix 17, GSU Report) is made, it is 
found to be close to $180,000 per year. If his 18 room 
mansion (provided free by the University) were 
rented on the open market, it would support 15 to 20 
TA's per year. His entertainment allowance alone is 
more than double the amount of money on which the 
best paid TA's are struggling to support their 
families. 

Perhaps it is too harsh to suggest that the Chan-
\.'ellor is deliberately distorting the "truth" that he 
seems to value so much. But his perceptions are 
guided by a royal lifestyle which has little to do with 
everyday educational reality at UCSD. Perhaps 
viewed through this filter, he perceives of his actions 
as epic efforts to preserve and protect UCSD. To me, 
however, it appears that his primary priorities are 
personai prestige, privilege., and profit. 

I personally cannot accept undocumented and 
unsubstantiated " facts" presented by such a person, 
and I cannot see how understanding such "facta" 
will "begin to improve the quality of undergraduate 
education/' 

DONAlD E. STREBEL 

FOURTH ANNUAL SERIES 
THE WESTERN STATES [SAT STUDY & PREPARATION SEMINAR 

(Law School Admission Test) 
A seminar designed to equip the serious LSAT candidate with an understanding of the 
LSAT and the skill$ and techniques necessary to realize his maximum score. 
A thorough study and analysis of: Test Analysis: Quest ion types, Skills test, Task anal-
ysis, etc . • Test Taking Methodolgy : limiting alternatives, Sequential and Hiearchical 
Answering, response biases, distractors, etc .• Practice Test Taking: with returned section 
and total scores. 
Faculty : R. J . Shavelson, Ph .D., School of Education, UCLA; W. J . Mered ith , Ph.D., Depart-
ment of Psychology, 'Berkeley; Robert L. Trinchera, Ph.D., Dir. of Testing, CSU, Hayward . 
San Francisco: University of San Francisco, Sept. 27-28, Nov. 15-16, Jan . 24-25, March 
27-28, July 17-1 8. Los Angeles : Pepperdlne .Univ.ersity, Oct. 4-5, Nov. 22-23, Jan: 31-Fe~ . 
1, April 3-4, July 17-18. Seattle : Seattle UnIversIty, Nov. 8-9. Honolulu : Hawalt PacifIC 
College, Nov. 29-30, July 10-11. 
Organized and administered by I. W. New, J .D . The University of California, Hastings Col-
lege of Law; M. J . Nelson , J.D. The University of Minnesota Law School; and K. E. Hobbs, 
L.L.B. The Harvard Law School. 
Tum ON: $85.00. Applicants should send tuition with seminar selected to The Registrar, THE WESTERN 
STATES LSAT STUDY AND PREPARATION SEMINAR, Room 3600, 50 California St. , San Francisco, eA 94111 . 
Telephone ~15-398-3908 . Late lelephone enrollmenl acceptable only II S8alS are available. 

THIS NOTICE WILL APPEAR TWO TIMES ONLY. 

. DANCE 
Simchat Torah is the most joyous day in the calendar. Celebrate the rowdy religious ritual 

"lECHAIM" tonight at 6:30. Main celebration: tomorrow nite 7:30 till .... 
lotz of "spirits" Chabad House 6115 Montezuma Rd . (near College). 

FREE 



Page four 

Ilow 
810ws 
aad Cheap 

by Edward Simons Shots 
'I1Ie Seealc Route 

DEL MAR-City officials In this small, alid-badt community on 
California's southern coast announced today the establlabment It border 
check stations on all <i the City's entry points. 

"We want visitors to understand the stations are there to help them." 
city manager Ron Kerwick said. "This should In no way be construed as 
xenophobia." . 

The city manager said border officers will Infonn the driver of Del 
Mar's rigid traffic laws and make sure his vehicle complies with the 
city's strict emmission control regulations. 

Border officer Bill Jenkins said he hoped to find his new job 
" fulfilling." . 

"It's amazing, the number of people who ~~me In~ town not knowing 
that Del Mar residents have the right of way, he uld. 

Jenkins was referring to the law which requires out of town drivers to 
pull over to the side of. the road when streets are congested so that Del 
Mar residents can get through. 

Another border officer said that officers may be forced to disconnect 
several cylinders In the engines of the out-of-towners' cars to ensure the 
3O-mpb speed limit is not violated. 

Plans also call for an exhaust pipe blocking device to be placed on 
cars judged by border Itflcers to he "excessively polluting." 

The device, which will be Installed for a $5 labor fee, will be removed 
upon exit from Del Mar. . 

The fee, incidentally, goes into Del Mar's Environment Fund, which 
pays for the post-hole digger used to discourage hea.vy traffic by pun-
ching holes in the asphalt. 

Along with the engine alterations and the. traffic ~w pamphlet, 
visitors to the city are given a booklet describing what 18 expected of 
visitors. 

Among other things, visitors are asked not to eat chemically 
processed foods next to the trees. . . 

Visitors are aiso advised to park 10 Solana Beach (a Clty just north of 
Del Mar) whenever possible and hitch-hike into Del Mar .. Should it he 
necessary to park in Del Mar for over two hours, non-resldents will be 
given an environmental impack report to fill out. There will be a small 
filing charge. . 

Tourists are also asked to surrender parl9ng space to city residents if 
requested to do so. 

Officer Jenkins said visitors can usually recognize a Del Mar resident 
by the two potted plants ,dangling from the rearview mirror. 

LA JOLLA-The NRAAAAA's Committee for Limiting, Opposing, And 
just generally Cutting down on Assholity wherever possible (CLOACA) 
raised over $2,000 at its first annual Buffalo Barbecue here Sunday. 

La Jolla society turned out in record numbers to make CLOASA's first 
fundraising event a success. 

The $3-a-plate dinner was held at the luxuriously appointed Tequila 
Room of the Wetell Hotel. Dinner guests to the fete were treated to 
several musical sketches, perfonned by the CLOACA Ladies, as well as 
the superb meal. 

The evening's entertainment started off with a bang, perfonned by 
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Severn, accompanied by the musical strains of 
guitarist Jimmy Page's " Who' Lotts Love." 

"I found it very strenuous indeed, " Mr. Severn remarked wryly after 
thesllow. . 

uc 
SO 

[Continued on Page 8] 

THE 
UCSD CATHOLIC 
COMMUNITY 

A" S/'nices (except the 10: 30 Mall) will be held at 
the Uniyersity.Community Church at the Corner of 
Torre, Pinel and La Jo"a Shorel DriYe. The 10:30 
Mall i, held on C.,.pttl at the NORTH CONFERENCE 
ROON ,f STUDENT CENTER. 

SPfli; 'AL NOTE: Sept. 28 - 10:00 Mflnderi". C.nter 
8-210 

(8:30 and 1 0:30 Mallei cancelled thil Sunday) 
Staff: Rev. Bernard J. Campbell, 

Rtv. George F. Simoni, 
Mr. John lel"her • Liturgical Coordinator 
Address: Blelg. '507, Matthewl Call1PUI, 

Offic. of Religioul Affai,. 
Phone 452·2521 Or 452·2541 

Friday, September 26, 1975 

Students viewing the first of a series of noon concerts 
Wednesdays on the steps of the main gym. (TT photo: Tad Sperry) 

UCSD's students w ilD card w ill be 
adm it1ed at NO CHARGE to the 
Fr iday evening Bicentenla l Event, 
" A Notion of Notions." The lecture 
will be by Professor Ramon 
Eduardo Ruiz, chairman of the 
Dept. of History. The f ilm to be 
shown is " A Storm of Strangers," 
an account of early immigrant life 
in New York City. Begins at 7:30 
p.m. in 2100 BSB in M edical 
School , Friday, Sept. 26. 

There are still approx imately 30 
free enrollments in University 
Extension classes available for 
UCSD undergraduates. Go to the 
Extension office. MC 103, to enroll. 

For information coli Tom 
Shepard ot 452-3400. 

Th~ Third College Minority 
Biomedical Support Program will 
feature oral presentation - by 
Student Research Assistants, 

* NOTicES * 
September 27, 9:30 A.M. to 12:30 
P.M., APM Building 2113. Publ ic 
invited. 

WRITING CLINIC - The Wr it ing 
Clinic in 1254 H-l Bldg . can help to 
improve your writing skills so that 
you can learrj to wr ite your own 
course papers better. The Clinic is 
open to anyone 'at UCSD, un-
dergraduate, graduate, stoff and 
faculty. Appointments can be 
mode by phoning 452-2522. Help 
is g iven in outlining, construct ing, 
revising, and polishing whatever 
needs it : whole papers, sentences, 
paragraphs. leiters of application, 
resumes,. course papers, articles 
for publication, are all welcome. 

" Hel icon" the UCSD poetry 
journal is now accepting original 
poems from students, faculty and 
stoff for its Fall 1975 issue. Include 
nome, address, phone, connection 

with campus, on eacti page. No 
more than 4 poems per author can 
be considered. Material cannot be 
returned. Send to campus mai l 
code C-005 clo Poetry Journal. 

Interested in helping with the 
magazine? Call 488-8297 eves. 

Simchat Torah is the mast joyous 
day in the calendar and 
" Chasidic" partying is a way to 
revive, revitalize, and recycle your 
mind. Identify with Soviet, Israeli 
and World Jewry by celebrating 
the rowdy, rel ig ious, ritual of 
"lechaim." Friday, September 26, 
6:30 p.m. Main . celebrQJ.io~ 
Saturday, September 27, 7:30 p . m. 
'til.... lotz of " Spir its" and dan-
cing, dancing. danci ng, and 
dancingl 

CHABAD HOUSE 
6115 Montezuma 

(Across from AURA ) 

Parklane is the II " source 
for 

Danskin Leotards 
and Tights 

Danskins are for everywhere and everyone. 
For partying and playing, exercising and 

dancing, and for just plain wearing around. 

Made of 100% easy Clre nylon. 
Awailable in I rlinbow of colors Ind 

a multitude of styles 
at these Parkllne Stores. 

MIS.SION VALLEY 
CENTER 

park-lane 
Hoe'.aT 

/ 

-

Friday, September 26, 1975 

Criticism 
Coonskin: An Attempt At Honesty · 

CooIIIkba 
Written and directed 
By Ralph Babhi 

by Steve. EsmecUn. 
All of the controversy sparked 

by Ralph BaUbl'. "Coonskin" 
stems from the fact that the artist 
has tried to be honest. Bakahl's 
transposition It the Uncle Remus 

~aracters to modem Harlem is, 

thematically, flawed by overkill. 
But it is a brutally personal work 
that leaves its creator's viaIon 
naked for all to see. Calling it 
"racist" is as pointless as calling 
"Straw Do8s" fascist. What is at 
issue ia a matter of propriety. 
Since Bakahi chose a serious, 
highly contestable subject; since 
he leaves no color unblemished, 

Jo Hanson's 'Cemetery': 
BO.th Simple and Grand 

by Lorlq Spftlel; 
Staff Writer 

It Is one of th08e hot, still days with the sun pushing hard upon you ~d 
the wide ,green fields you are passing through. The dusty road is leading 
past a grove It trees where you want to rest and eat In the shade. The 
grove happens to be an old cemetery, but no matter, you sit and eat 
anyway. 

Then as the inertia of your tired legs hold you down, your anos cross 
limply 'In your lap, and your back hegins to mold onto the old mapie 
trunk that is supporting you, a keener sense of awareness gradually 
builds within you. 

A samll, unnoticed breeze eddies through the overgrown grass and 
gently over your skin . The sun dances lightly on your face through the 
mellowing filter of shinunering leaves. The drone in your ears evolves 
into a complex composition of birds, insects, atmosphere, and the far, 
distant sounds of the working world. 

You are now there, in the part of you that .is Jo Hanson's "Crab 
Orchard Cemeters. " 

Your eyes wander across the markers, both simple and grand, 
stopping here and there to trace the weathered edges of stone that 
separate the shadows, to let the moWed reflection from a once polished 
surface etch into your memory, and to gather in the ancient pattern It 
stone monuments groping toward the heavens. The direct simplicity of 
a pre-Civil War design, squating next to the neo-Baroque of the Gay 
Ninties re-tells the story of the rising American self~ngrandizement. 

, tak i " ping "" Lost The inscriptions begin to e vo ce, ... cease your wee ... ,... , 
the Voice of a Beloved Friend", " AGED 4 MO's lID's", " MOTHER", 
voices to and from the unknown. 

Among th08e stones you can sense the meaning of 'Death the 
Equalizer' as you see both the rich and the poor share in the impart~ty 

. of time, and the democracy of neglect, while the symphony of the liVlng 
plays on around you, through you, and in you. . 

The art exhibit "Crab Orchard Cemetery," by the San FranClSCO 
artist Jo Hanson reflects her personal experiences in a 19th century 
cemetery through the use of stone rubbings, styrofoam replicas of 
monuments and a massive translucent panorama It the actual 
Southern Iuinois graveyard. It is a successful and well crafted show by 
a sensitively eloquent artist which caMot help but to leave the viewer 
with a haunting sense of historical relegation. 

The works will be on display in the Mandeville Gallery until October 
26, noon to 5pm Sunday through Friday. 

$5 $5 
Get help on your book purchases and at the same ....... 

Get help on your book purchase and at the same time learn how 
to read them faster and with more comprehension. Sign up 
at the University Bookstore for tbe R.E.A.D.S. Rapid Reading 
works bop by this Friday and get a gift cert. for five dollars to 
the store. See us at the store or call 488-9162 [eves]. 

R.E.A.D.S. Americase largest 
$5 all·University reading program $5 

accepts no sacred social outlook, 
and sees stereotypes as tMY exist, 
he is accused of racism. The 
pressure, Paramaount received 
from CORE to suppress " Coon-
skin" was apparently so strong 
that they turned the picutre over 
to Bryanston, the company that 
released the Morrisey Monster 
Movies, and "Teus Chain Saw 
Massacre. " Peer group pressure 
equals social-conscience cen-
sorship equals corporate 
cowardice. 

It would be more appropriate to 
consider " Coonskin" misan-
thropic, since all hwnanity is 
sharply satirized In this sneering, 
violent, graphically inventive 
cartoon. Bakshi's fable is a vir-
tual parade of hellbent 
grotesques : pimps, hookers, 
corrupt cops, fags , Mafiosi, 
dwarfs, lying preachers. Like 
Martin Scorsese's " Mean 
Streets." "Coonskin" sees New 
York City as a melting pot of 
misguided people, an inferno 
teeming with frustrated Intensity. 
It is clear now that "Heavy 
Traffic" and "Fritz The cat" were 
practice Targets in preparation 
for this heated nightmare. 

Unlike his previous pictures, 
however, "Coonskin" isn't simply 
a blg-city wallow. This time 
Bakshi is depicting characters 
who fight back with style. His 
Brother Rabbit, Brother Bear, and 
Brother Fox are readily 
recognizable as caricatures of the 
revenge-figures in films like 
" Superfly" and " Willie 
Dynamite." The crooked cop is 
called Madigan. The Mafia leader 
is a puffy, rubbery Godfather. 
The movie-models are presented 
as ghetto realities. They are 
distorted, enlarged, fragmented, 
and pounded into the ground. The 
stereotypes in the film are all seen 
as fatal alternatives. Corruption 
is Inevitable in an atmosphere 
devoid of real choices. You do 
what you can to get by: lie, steal, 
pimp, exploit, murder. And you 
laugh while you're doing it. That 
constitutes style and survival. As 

LEARN 
TAP 

DANCING! 
Fall C lass~ Now Forming 

• Beginning 
• Advanced 
• Amateur 
• Professional 
Affiliated with the Imperial SocIety 

of Teachers oj Dancing 
7533 DRAptR AVE., LA JOLLA 

CALL: 459-3552 
(First lesson is complimentary) 

Fridoy: 
feall film ()~~Illll~ 
THE STING 

with Paul Newman & Robert' Redford 

Mandeville Center Auditorium 7:00 & 10 pm $1.00 
Saturday: Ingomar Bergman's 

SCENES FROM A MARRIAGE 
starring Liv Ullman, Erland Josephson & Bibi Andersson 

Mandeville center 'Auditorium 8 pm only $1 also 

cool as you are that's as alive as 
you are. 

The content matter, cogent and 
focused, would not have any of its 
impact if it weren't for Bakshi's 
ingenious pictorial style. His 
animation is the most fluid and 
diverse since Max Fleischer. His 
juxtaposition of animation and live 
action h&s an acute, culminating 
rhythm. His fusion of flexible 
cartoon figures against a 
stationary j brightly lit series of 
photographs is dazzling and · 
sensual. As a director, he has a 
remarkable sense of composition 
and a lively notion of camera 
dynamics. He is constantly 
mixing angles and positions to 
keep the film in a swarthy motion. 

Page five 

NT 
His soundtrack is also exciting and 
vivacious with a funky , diverting 
jazz score by Chico Hamilton. 

If "Coonskin" is flawed, it Is 
because Bakshi has kept 
everything at an unyielding, 
frantic pitch. The meanings 
aren't enlarged as the picutre goes 
on, simply reitereated. The 
hysterical ambience of the 
animation Is consistent with the 
general tone of the film, but 
hysteria needs modulation if it 
wishes to rise above that level. 
But perhaps Bakshi is saying that 
an elevated viewpoint would be a 
cheat. In any case, it is difficult to 
imagine how this feisty and in-
tensely hwnane satire could ever 
be accused of being " racist." 

Freddie Hubbard to 
Open UCSD Season 

Grammy Award wlnnJng trumpet player Freddie Hubbard is 
scbeduled to give tbe first concert of the season at UC San Diego. 

Hubbard, named as tbe top trumpeter In botb the " Downbeat" 
critic's poll and tbe " Playboy" musician's poll, will perfonn at 8:00 
pm this Sunday in the gym. Tickets available at tbe UCSD box office 
are $3.00 for UCSD students aDd $4050 for the general pubUc. 

Hubbard is one of tbe best-kDown and mOlt blghly respected 
trumpet players In the world. He is regarded as a superb tecbnlclan 
and as one of the most spontaoeous and creative Improvisors In tbe 
music field. . 

The Hubbard concert Is tbe lint of three jau coocerts sponsored 
by the Campll8 Program Board sdleduled at UCSD this year. Pianist 
Keith Jarret Is scheduled to perform In the Gym on January 16 and 
the BIll Evans Triot will perform In tbe Mandeville Auditorium on 
May 16. 

Series tickets for all three concerts are $8.50 for UCSD students and 
$11.50 for the general public. 

r"""«J~""~""«J~~~~'" 
~ Michael's ~ 
~ Plants & Parties 4 ~ 10% OFF -ALL ~ 
[ PLANTS ~ 
f (WITH THIS AD, Expires Oct.4) ~ 

~ Widat &tiediM e6 9luiN1l 'P~ ~ 
~ ~ &6Ira6, ~ eft. § 
) ill .ca gelf& 4 

L 7467 Fay Ave. La Jolla -~ Parking in Rear 454-2507 
,.,., M .. ,.,., M ,.-~ ~fta..~ 



Bloom Leaves for Albany 
One of UC SaIl Diego's IDOIt 

popular administrators, 
Recreation Supervisor Harry 
Bloom, baa resigned. Bloom, 
working Wlder the Head of the 
Recreation Department, Lee 
Jomaon, baa been in the depar-
bnent nearly Jwo years. Not 
wishing to conment on the nature 
of biB new position in Albany, New 
York, Bloom said only "I believe 
that there will be a much better 
chance for advancement there." 
His resignation will be effective 
Tuesday .... 

Another formidable figure, 
junior varsity basketball coach 
Bob McCook, is also gone. 
McCook, known best for his 
flowing mustache and a voice 
level high enough to be heard to 
the top row of the gym dunng 
games, has taken a job at 
Colorado State. McCook was 
possibly the only JV coach 'in 
history to actually to be a taxi 
driver in his spare time. Coronado 
High School coach Dick Satterlee . 
will now serve as Barry Cun-
ningham's varsity assistant, while 
no JV replacement has been 
chosen yet .... 

In the pros ... Padre hurler 
Randy Jones won his 20th game 
Wednesday, causing all local 
baseball freaks to rejoice. I'm T_le ... Sillif 
overjoyed for Randy. but now what is Mr. Kroc going to do over the 
winter to bring San Diego an actual contender? 

" We were fortWlate," said Mean Joe Greene. " They were tough," 
said tackle Ernie Holmes. "We were a worried football team," said 
quarterback Terry Bradshaw. My, my, such modesty by the PittsbW"gh 
Steeler stars after Sunday's 37~ slaughter of the Chargers. Of course, 
the world champs were just being kind to the San Diegans, who had been 
more than sUghUy embarrassed in their 1976 home opener. . 

:r1 ,194 rooters showed up at San Diego Stadium, and they came away 
impressed by Bradshaw, Greene, and Co. It's now no secret how the 
Pemsylvanians won it all last year. It must have been modesty ...... 

Andy Skeif, the UC San Diego Assiistant Athletic Director as well as 
~ross. country and track coach, has no 1975 season. Because of very 
litUe mterest last year, no schedule was made for the upsoming season . . 
Skeif has plalUled a meeting for October 7 for any interested runners. At 
that time, he'll see if he can build something for next year ...... 

The quarterly UCSD intramural madhouse officially called the 
Cap'tain's Meetings, get started today and ~ontinue Monday and 
Tuesday. The heads of each intramural team will get together in one 
room and ba~~ to get in the best leagues and playing times. Flag 
football captam s meet this afternoon, with floor hockey telUlis 
vollegyball, 3 Man basketball, and inner tube waterpolo next w~k...... ' 
Men's, Coed Hcokey Meetings 
Are Set; Gym Open Tonight 

As previously announceo ' M a 
IIIQ coed hockey captains meeting 
will be held next Monday. Meet in 
Office 21 in the ree gym, while 
men's hockey will meet in the 
same office on the same day at • 

woman scores a goal it will be 
worth two points (instead of one), 
thus increasing the importance of 
the role the women play in the 
game. 

pm. 
This year's coed hockey will 

have a new look, with one major 
rule change adding a new 
dimension to the game. When a 

Men's hockey will show no 
major changes, although it is 
hoped that players have Improved 
over the summer, thus increasing 
the caliber of play. Rules are 

[ Continued on Page 81 

PARKING 
Parking 'p~rmits are required on University Property 7 AM to 5 PM 
Mon.-Frl. Except for areas posted otherwise. 

'S' penni s 'are valid in YELUJW STRIPED spaces or areas 
ONLY. (& e campus map.) Parking meters require money. 

C~TATIO!';S ~RE ISSUED for illegal parking familarize yourself 
With the pulO.ng regulations. . 

PLEASE CONTACT THE PARKING 
OFFICE FOR ANY PARKING RELATED 
PROBLEM ' ON EXTEN JON 4223 OR 
' TOP BY BLDG NO 400 MATTHEWS 

Friday, September 26, 1975 

Soccer 0 with 2·1 Victory 
by Bob SteJaer 

8&aff Writer 

In the opening game of the in-
tercolleslate aeuon, the UC San 
Diego IOCcer team scored an 

Impreui~ 2-1 home field victory 
ov~r the touring University of the 
Americas, here from Maico. 

Coach Rod Geiger, in only hl8 
second day on the Job at UCSD, 
called it "a practice game In 
which the players and myself 
could see what to upect from the 
coming leason. " 

The skill of second year veteraD 
Steve Cardona put the Trttona on 
.the score~ early in the flrat 
half, scoring the only loal of a 
grueling and physical half. 

The next period brought Uttle 
relief to either team until part way 
through the half, when a 
University of the Americas for-
ward put in a tying goal. The shot 
managed to allude returning 
goalie Joe Wettstein, who had 
stopped several shots earlier. 

Tired but determined, the 
Tritons changed the pace of the 
game and scored the winning goal 
with only minutes remaining. 
Alfonso Gonzalez, among the 
league's top goal scorers last year, 
came through to give UCSD the 
wID. ' 

Women's V~Ball: 
"Should Take 
It Again' 

by Paul Wagner 
Staff Writer 

The Triton women's volleyball 
team starts its drive for a fifth 
consecutive league championship 
Saturday morning, and according 
to coach Chuck Millenbah they 
should take it again. Millenbah 
has good reason for that optimism. 
His entire team will be coming 

back with the exception of Amy 
Linden and Sue Papenak, the 
latter whom Millenbah called the 
best hitter he has ever had on the 
team. 

Millenbah is especially proud of 
the newest addition to his team, 
Page Bradshaw. "She has got to 
be one of the hardest hitters in the 
league with the exception of some 
of the players from UCLA, and she 
should be of tremendous help to 
the team." Joining Page on the 
court ' will be seven veterans along 
with an impressive crop of 
newcomers. 

In citing the . strengths and 
weaknesses of the team, Millen-
bah said that if his setters playa 
good game, the team should be 
almost unbeatable . Joining 
returning setters Teresa Dugvette 
and Holly Stewart will be Jennifer 
Freed. 

The most fonnidable line of the 
team is the hitters. With players 
like Andrea Beylan, Tina Flam-
mer, Eva Ljungwe, Margie Sch-
wartz and Ellen O'Rorke alter-
nating on and off the court, the 
team shows no weakness either on 
the court or on the bench. "With 
the talent we have on the bench, if 
one of our frontline players gets 
hurt. there is enough experience 
on the bench to be more than 
adequate to fill in ." 

Facing the team this season will 
be the national powerhouse UCLA, 
and other opponents will include 
Santa Barbara, Irivine, Riverside, 
Davis and the team's toughest 
competitor, Gl'088mont. 

The only disadvantage facing 
the team at this time is that most 
of the other teams have been 
practicing since the end of August, 
whereas the Tritons have only 
been together since last Monday. 
When facing Barstow Saturday 
morning, Coach Millenbah said 
that the only mistakes that the 
team might make would be mostly 
mental and therefore play might 
be a little sloppy. 

Game time Is 10 am Saturday In 
the Recreation Gym. 

... _aIIot. "" fir UCSD III III 2-1_ ......... 1Itt of 
........................... 

The TrItons played as a cohesive 
unit, surprising considering the 
short amount of time the team and 
coach have been together. Puttlng 
together a consistent offense, 
UCSD succeeded in geWng more 
shots on goal than their opponents. 
Coach Geiger later caned it "a 

victory well deserved." 
Geiger aiso succeeded in 

promoting international relations, 
as he presented the University of 
the Americas coach with some 
UCSD pennants at halftime, in 
rerne"nce of a trip the men 
from Mexico won't soon forget. 

TRiTON TiMES 
ClAssifiEds 

Rules and Rates 

Classifieds should either be printed or typed on a 3"x 5" card 
(available in Triton Times office). They may be submitted 
anytime between 9 and noon and 1 and 4 p.m. • 

The following rates are for 100 spaces - if you use more 
spaces, the rate will double. (100 spaces - .~; 101 to 200 - .5Of). 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads: students - .25t 

nonstudents - $1 
Deadlines ; 5" pm Friday for Monday; 5 pm Monday for 

Wednesday; 5 pm Wednesday for Friday. 
Announcements: free. All announcements will run in the 

Monday ca~~ndar. Deadline for calendar: 5 pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections to listings in the Schedule of 

Classes for regular University courses will be charged $1. ) . 

..,-

WANTEd 
Females S1000 if accepted. All 
sizes. PoslJllj for new exotic line of 
greeting cards . Scnd Info to 
Hall mark. PO Bo)( 99424. San 
Diego Ca 92109. (10 .#1) 
Please let me tape your " Perfect 
Harmony" (Mitchell & Taylor). 
Excellent equipment. Ted ~3 · 
8684. (9'/826) 
Need extra caSh? Pay ing top 
dollar for your U .S. Silver COins 
minted before 1965 . Ken ~3.7924 . 
(11 .26) 

Black shagy middle size dog bit 
me Tue . 23 at 6: 20. Urgently need 
to locate owner by Fri. 26 by 2 pm 
or before. Contact UCSO Police 
Dept. or Student Health Center or 
me. 9250·0 Regents Rd . I want to 
avo id pa inful rabies series. 
Thanks . Leonel Hurtado, Third 
College 
I need a ride to UCSD from Eagles 
concert (Anaheim) Sunday n i te. 
Please call Ted 453 ·8684 Argo 666. 
(9 26) 
Wanted : The return of our Bagel 
cart. Reward . C811755·8847 (9' 26) 
Set Theory & Metr ic space~ by 
Kaplansky fOt" Math 140A. Call 
Judy ~3· 1689 Muir Apts . R .4. 
(9 26) 
Appointment secretaries for part tlme-
2 hrs / evening max 101 wk hours 
flexible. Making appointments by 
telephone for COllege Master program. 
Prefer So. or Jr. Call Mr. Howerton 27(). 
6800. Office located at 450t Mission 
Bay Dr. Suite 3-A . Call for Interview 
between 2-4. (9/26) 

housiNG 
Quiet nonsmoker M /, F share 2 
BR Townhouse. Clalremont. 10 
min. to school. Own room . Call 
JOI\n 560·5627. 12·1 & 5· 11 pm 
(9 26) 
Share master bdrm, private bath. 
yard, with , st udents In Un iv. 
City . UCSO·5 min. Imm. occ. 
S105'1amo. 452.9720 (10 3) 
Wanted-· Roommate for 2 bedroom 
apt . In Del Mar . Ocean View. 425 
Stradford . Upperclassman 
pr.ferred . 48].9941 (9 26) 
Roommate Wanted : Need a fifth 
penon tor huge COlIn tr y hOuse, 
Rancho Santa Fe . garden, pool. 
1'/., acre.; t2 m l. from UCSO ; 'Own 
big room ; SI30 mo. but wOt"th III 
Call 436·2261. Leave message & 
no. (9. 26) 

2 Roommates needed for apart . in 
East SO . "0 each plus.ulli . Call 

Connie 280·5196 before 8 : 30 am . 
(9 26 ) 

0222, des ires apt ·cor\do sit ; with 1 
02221 vrs. Close to UCSO as pass, 
no pets. Call Nancy at 299·9082. 
(9 26) 
Female housemates war t ed . 
Ocean lIiew in Cardiff , $85 mo. 
for everythiJllj . 436 ·3516. (9 26) 

fOR SALE 
Elton John Concert I! SO Sports Arena 
9-29 Better prices and locations than 
any competitor. 27().7855 (9129) 

Skis! Kastle 180 CM Geze bin . 
dings . Nordica boots. Excellent 
in t. setup · Ellery thing $80. Ph 755. 
2543 . Ask Alan . (9 26) 

Skis! Kneissel 190CM Red Stars 
S21f.Racer. Immaculate perfect 
cond o Never used . Asking S125 . Ph 
755·2543. (9 26) 
Psych 10 books . S12 for both texts. 
Also Hum 2 texts . Very cheap. See 
Rich at 232.Argo. (10 3) 
Elton John tickets . SO GOOd seats 
on Floor & elellated . S12 . ~2.0345 
nights. (9 26) 

Top of the fine Giotar 70 Les Paul 
Custom perfect cond o $475 . Fer\der 
Rellerb U1Brolux Amp S195 . 755. 

"7378 ( 9 26) 
For sale : 3·metal Bookshelves . $4 
ea. Brick Board Sheilies. S5 . 2 
plaid cloth suitcases $5 ea . Phyllis 
Quan (9 26 ) 
For 5ale .. '75 Triumph 750 . Lo ml. 
$1200. Alan ·Eve . 264·5392. (9' 26) 
Calculator ; arithmetic, square 
root & square functions. List $99, 
S35 or besl offer. Craill . 481 ·0339. 
(9 26) 

4 Wheel drille Willy Jeep·Rebullt 
engine . 1956 for more Info call 
Dave 281·8328. (9 26) 
Elton John lickets I 2 Reserved 
seats Sport, Arena 9'11129 Mon. 
Make Offer . $15 ea . Call Dave 281 · 
8328. (9 29) 
Gibson Milh090nv with hardshell 
cllse S180. 436·3516. 19 ,26) 

Elton John tickets. San Diego 
9 29 75. 2 seats · Arena level $25 
apiece . Contact A . Hanson Rm 306 
Galathea except F. 5 pm ·S. , pm. 
Then : 213·792·5670. (' 26) 
Lehninger's Biochemistry. SH 
Dan in TT office . (9 .26) 

MORE ON PG 8 

Friday, Sept.mber 26, 1975 

For over 130 years we've been using 
the word ~~quality" in ~ur advertising. 
Once again, we'd like to tell you what 
we mean by it. 

~ . .-' 

'-

> .. 

~ Our brewery in 1844. ~ " ~ . ~' ... '-" .... - """ , . 

Blue Ribbon quality means the best tasting beer you can 
get. A quality achieved only by using the fine t ingredient 
and by adhering to the nlost rigid of brewing standards, 

In Milwaukee, the beer capital of the world, Pabst Blue 
Ribbon continues to be the overwhelming best seller 
year after year. 81 ue Ribbon outsells its nearest 
competi tor nearly five to one. That's why we feel 
we've earned the right to challenge any beer. 

So here's the Pabst challenge: Taste and ~ompare 
the flavor of Blue Ribbon with the beer you 're 
drinking and learn what Pabst quality in beer 
is' all about. But don't take our word for it. 
Taste our word for it. 

Pabst. Since 1844. 
The quality has always 

come through. 

PABST BRlWING COMPANY MllWAl/hf [ WIS PfORIA HEIGHTS III NEWARK N J lOS ANGllfS CAL PABST GA 

Page seven 



ftagIt eight 

Christ ••. 
awrch andf:te by the US, the 
movement alned such strength 
that the only tions with laws sUll 
governing Ugions today are 

. CommllllW nd totalitarian in 
nature. 

auistianLty, freed to pursue the 
theological needs of its people, has 
steadily moved from a role of 
political to moral leadership. 

. Proof of this comes from the 
history of the draft. Under the 
prodding of Christianity, the laws 
governing conscientious objectors 
have become increasingly more 
relaxed. In World War I, all draft 
resistors were arrested and 
threatened with execution. World 
War II resistors were given the 
opportunity of noncombative 
service. For Vietnam's objectors 
. there was an amnesty review 
board. Even further evidence of 
the new role of moral leadership is 
supplied by Christianity's leading 
role in both the civil rights and the 
pro-life movements. 

The Dark Ages did not pass 
without exacting their toll on 
Christiarxiom. What was once one 
religion is now fragmented into 
three schisms. The largest of these 
is the direct descendant of the 
medieval pohlical regimes -
Catholicism and Eastern 
Orthodoxy. These come closest to 
the early Christian heritage 
because of the survival of the 
monastic life. The two other 
fragments were both formed in 
reaction to early reformation 
churches. These are the fun-
damentalists, such as the Society 
of Friends, and the evangelical 
religions, such as the Baptists. 
(Mainline Protestantism cannot 
be considered as religious since 
their main function is that of a 
social club.) 

Now history has shown that 
Christianity is once again on the 

correct foot. For the aecond Ume, 
it baa forsaken politics in favor of 
reUc1on. But tbia will work out to 
have a political outcome. Just u 
in ancient Rome, as the true root 
of Christianity spreads, any 
goverrunent that has totalitarian 
policies will collapse. 

Majors ••• 
degrees will afford students 
"better job opportunities" than a 
BA degree. He also expects the 
programs to be more rigorous 
than those offered in past years. 

A small number of students 
have applied for the new majors, 
Helstrom said, but freshmen and 
sopmm0re8 can still enter them. 
The first degrees will not be 
handed out until June of 1978. 

Great Interest 
The Management Science is 

being offered because of great 
interest by both students and 
faculty, Economics professor 
Clive Granger told the Triton 
Times. 

The department has had 
management science options "for 
years," Granger said; then at a 
faculty meeting last year a 
majority of professors decided to 
make it an official major. 

The Economics department has 
billed the claSS-BS being "more 
tightly focused and more quan-
titative than the traditional 
business administration major." 

To complete the major each 
student is required to take 
Economics 2A-B-C, Mathematics 
A-B-C and APIS 61. A total of 15 
upper division Economics classes 
are also required. 

IT'S TIME TO THINK ABOUT 
TOMORROW 

School won't last forever. Before you know it -
graduation. You'll be out of the shell and starting off 
on your professional or business career. 

Often, if isn't easy. Always, it costs money. 
And there's nothing like a little nest-egg to help 

you over the early humps. 
That's why - right now - you should be saving 

at friendly La Jolla Federal. We pay the highest interest 
allowf'd by law - thus assuring that your money 
will g, ow at a.. surprisingly fast clip. 

YOl,r account's insured to $20,000. And your 
mone~'s available immediately in case of suddeo need. 
Start )a~ing for tomorrow - today. At fritndfy, 
dependable La JolI~ Federal. 

'We'l! flelp you save for a sunny day. 

Ia ~'federd 1100 WALL STREET ~ AND LOAN AIIOQA1lON LA JOLLA 
Other offices .t 3495 Sports Aren. Blvd., SIn Oielo, 
9631 CIl'llPO ROId, Sprlnl V.lley, 706 South M.in Street, f.llbrooll, 
2187 iCewcastie Ave., C.rdi" ·by·the-S., 

• SERVICES 

Spend less and be better dressed . 
Ladies read V to wear BJ's re·sale 
243 N. Hwv 101 Solana Beach . 755. 
0558. 00 13) 
Tune ups, brakes, minor repair, 
011 change, etc. Mike 488·0873 
00 ;22) 
UCSD Dating Service now ac· 
cepling fall quarter membership . 
applications. 454·8549 or P.O. Box 
653 LJ 92038 (9 .;26) 
Women knowledgeable In film· 
making needed 10 help make film 
about women 411 UCSO. CClnnie 
454·0938. (9' 126) 

PERSONAl 
S.O.W ... Happv 21st .. J .L. B. 
(9' ·26) 

CAPE ... 
micHJuarter surveys will not be 
published; as before, evaluations 
collected at the end of the term 
will provide the data for the CAPE 
pamphlets. 

According to CAPE coordinator 
steve Petsch, the major problem 
facing the organization is the 
unwillingness on th~ part of some 
faculty members to be evaluated. 
Because of their lack of par-
ticipation, approximately ten to 
thirty percent of all courses .ere 
not p.resented in recent 

Hockey .... 
available irl the 1M office. 

For all of those interested in the 
sport, tonight the recreation gym 
will be open .for anybody who 
would like to come out and play. 

Games will be played on 
Tuesday, Friday and Sunday night 
this quarter, giving this fast 
growing 1M sport plenty of time 
for games. 

Anybody who is interested in 
refereeing Floor Hockey should 
attend one of the captain's 
meetings. Good referees are 
needed to keep this sport going. 

Dearesl Chervl .. Happv 
Anniversary I Be strong and we' ll 
have many more. Love SS (9 •• 26) 

R.R .R ... Happv Blrthdav . No more 
teenager .. All uphill , now·Happv· 
J ·R·M ·me.have a happy. CC 
(9 '. : 26) 

Wanted : Cold sarcasllc bitch for ' 
songs, dances and snappy patter. 
Experience optional. Wire Marcel, 
Pere Lachaise Cemetarv, Paris. 
(9 '1126) 

WW Let's keep In touch· C (9 /24) 

lOST & fOUNd 
L05t .. Faded black long sleeved 
Guatemalan heavy musl in 4· 

publications. 

Improvement or Adjustment 
Another of the questions that 

CAPE believes will not be 
resolved easily is whether or not 
"improvement" found among 
professors and classes is actually 
a rise in teaching quality or rather 
an adjustment on the instructors' 
part so that they may score higher 
crCAPE. 

Increasing the percentage of 
classes evaluated each quarter 
and perfecting the student 
questionnaire are the short-term 
goals of the collective. 

Low Blows ••• 

Friday, September 26, 1 

pocket lackel Mondav In USB, U 
nuss ut I Call 436-0618. (9 · 26) 
Reward : 520 for return ot 2 cla.s 
r ings stolen from a purse near 
Blacks .. No questions asked I Barb 
Cummings 453·6095 (9 26) 
Laurenee Norden : Your student 
10 Is In the TT office . (9 26) 
Lost : Reward for flno,ng smelll 
Sliver Star of David offertld . Of 
senllmental value . Call Vic at 41· 
9832. (9 ' ,26) 

Europe· lsrael Siudeni flights near 
round Is . Ca 11687, San Vicente 
Blvd . La Ca 

SSW Travel Office . on campus 
charter flights , inlil student 10, 
etc. UCSO International Center . 
452·0630, 11 am to 4 pm Mon, Wed, 
Fr i only . 00 .8) 

"Ultimately," Petach offered, 
"we want to affect educational 
change and make the system more 
responsible to the student. " 

He stressed that CAPE is a 
meanS through which students 
themselves may work to Improve 
the educational quality at the 
university. 

LJeoln Cushing, the last of 
CAPE's first year members, is 
leaving the organization this 
quarter. CAPE has therefore 
completed its first cycle. 

Organizations such as CAPE are 
found on all other UC campuses 
each with its own variations. 

The dinner followed the Severns' act and proceeded with no hitches. 
"Since I had never before cooked buffalo, I anticipated a few 

problems," said cooking chairman Mrs. Charles Baxter, "but after I put 
the skewer in him, the beast became pretty polite. 

"Charles said the buff had a rather amused look on his face but I 
couldn't see it from where I was." 

Besides the buffalo meat, there was a vegetarian salad and other 
natural foods. 

Mrs. Conejo Ribaldo, wife of Mr. Conejo Ribaldo, resumed the en-
tertainment by singing a song she composed, "The Danube Blues." 

Several guests said they "probably" liked the song, but added they 
"needed to consider all the evidence" before coming to a final 
judgement. 

The party concluded with a musical extravaganza sung by the 
CLOACA Chorale. Guest left soon after. 

u 
------

o 


