
Religion at USeD 

Beneath the 
Secular 
Surface 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

At first sight, UC San Diego 
doesn't seem to be a very religious 
place. A secular institution, the 
school and its inhabitants are 
wrapped up in the political and 
social issues of the day. 

However, below this secular 
surface, there is a large and 
vibrant religious community here. 

As the 1960s becomes more of a 
memory, student interest in 
politics and social action has 

This is the first of a faD quarter 
multl-part series on ReHgion at UC 
San Diego. Tbe series wDl consist 
of articles on most of tbe maj"r 
,religloll'J groups on campus as well 
as discussions of tbe issues on 
campus which are most influenced 
by tbose groups. 

lessened while the interest in 
religious activity has increased. 

This is not to say that those who 
are religious have no concern 'for 
political or social problems, but 
rather that political and social 
activism without a religious in-
fluence is becoming less obvious . . 

Last yeaJ thtl e ~ere a nwnher 
of political speakers who appeared 
on the Revelle plaza. Congressmen 
and assemblymen were lucky if 

\ they could attract 25 people, yet the 
controversial evangelist "Holy 
Hubert" garnered a large crowd 
who actively debated him on a 
number of reliJtious issues. 
Without Regard to Denoinlnatlon 
There are currently 11 major 

religious groups active at UCSD. 
Ranging from the Roman Catholic 
community to those who practice 
Transcendental Meditation, each 
of the groups has an extensive 
program to meet the religious 
needs of their congregations. 

The office of Religious Affairs, 
an extension of the office of student 
affairs, acts as a liaison between 
the different religious groups as 
well as providing services to the 
general campus population without 
regard to denomination. 

Father Bernie Campbell, UCSD 
C;o tholic Chaplain, and Les 
Atkinson of the United Campus 
Ministry, which encompasses the 
Presbyterians, the United Church 
of Christ, the United Methodists 
and the Disciples of Christ, said 
the religious affairs office began 
in the early 60s when student af-
fairs was looking for a way to 
improve ~e scanty counseling 
services at UCSD. Student affairs 
directed the new department to be 
an adjunct extension of counseling. 
Counseling would be a significant-
but not exclusive - duty of the new 
office. 

Psychological counseling and 
religious affairs still work closely, 
with both offices, referring 
students to the other office. 
Religious affairs offers parental, 
personal, and marriage coun-
seling. Les Atkinson has also of-
fered draft counseling since his 
arrival in 1967. 

• Ecumenical Meetlnp 
As a liason between the various 

groups on campus, the office has 
arranged everal ecumenical 
m etings to discusa theolOlicai 
problema al well 81 problema 01 
ornmunication. 

c. ....... Pap' 

...... ,......., 
. AIM: ,..-_. 

-,,, ... , .. 
UeM . 

................ 

Grad Union Says It 
Prefers to Negociate 

"No Strike Fever," says Rosen 
by Mark Stadler 

News Editor 
Most members of the Graduate 

Student Union (GSU) would rather 
not strike if they thought the UC 
San Diego administration would 
"deal with them in good faith." 

That was the tone of the GSU 
meeting last Thursday night, 
which over 100 people attended. 

"We don't have strike fever," 
GSU media contact Dan Rosen told 
the Triton Times the next day. 

But, he said, "the administration 
is not dealing with us in good 
faith," and added that many GSU 
members feel a strike may be their 
only viable option. 

Strike Issue Spli1 
At the GSU meeting -members 

were split on the strike issue. 
Those who favored striking were 
divided between an immediate 
work stoppage and waiting until 
the GSU solidifies further. 

Some members questioned the 
tactic of using a strike as a 
weapon. 

This il the vie. frolll under the pier at ScriPPI In.titution of 
Oc ......... phy. 

Also discussed was the timing of 
a possible strike. A strike has been 
discussed for either mid-terms, 
finals or in January by some 
members. Affiliation with either 
the San Diego Labor Council or the 
American f"edel"'dtion of State, 
County and Municipal Employees 

Emperor, a Marine Biolog;st, to Tour Scripps 
Japan's Hirohito to Make Historic Visit 

Hirohito, Emperor of Japan, will visit the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography ThW'sday. 

The Emperor, whose visit is the first by any 
Japanese monarch, will be in San Diego all day on 
Thursday in the finale of his 10-day visit to the United 
States. 

Hirohito, who is a respected amateur marine 
Biologist in his own right, will tour the Scripps facUity 
with Chancellor McElroy, SIO Director William A. 
Nierenberg and Scripps faculty, staff and students. 

Scripps faculty members William A. Newman and 
Robert R . Hessler, professors of biological. 
oceanography, will discuss marine invertebrates and 
other facets of marine biology with the Emperor. 

Hirohito has contributed eight of his scientific 
publications to the Scripps library. 

The Emperor will be presented a rare deep sea 
specimen of an ancient class of mollusks during his 
stay. The specimen, which was thought to have been 
extinct until 1952, was recently found during a Scripps 
expedition to South American waters. 

Lunch in La Jolla 
The Emperor will visit the Sap' Diego Zoo Thursday 

morning with the Empress N'agako. Hirohito will 
have lunch in La Jolla before making his tour of the 
Scripps grounds. 

The Empress will not be part of the imperial party 
to visit Scripps. 

Because of the tight security requirements for the 
Emperor's visit, the beach and aquarium at Scripps 
will be closed all day. 

Also this week the Emperor will visit a typical 
Midwestern farm in illinois. Last week the Emperor 
spent two days at Williamsburg, Virginia, prior to his 
visit to the White House. 

Hirohito and his wife were the guests of honor at a 
White House dinner last Thursday evening. President 
Ford accorded the Emperor full military honors. 

While President Ford cited the long cultural and 
diplomatic ties between the United States and Japan, 
the Emperor reminded the American people of World 
War TI, which he called " a tragic interlude. " 

Dick Greg~ry to Speak Here Tomorrow 
'Social critic Dick Gregory will 

make a rare San Diego ap-
pearance tomorrow night at 8 in 
the UC San Diego main gym. 

As part of the Mandeville 
lecture series, Gregory will 
speak on Social Problems: Social 
or Antisocial. 

' There is a great social 
revolution going on in America 
today,' states Gregory. 'The 
wonderfJ,d thing about this 
revoh.tion is that it is not black 
against white. It is simply right 
against wrong.' 

Gregory adds that 'the number 
one prJ).blem in America today is 
not air and water polution - it is 
moral poHutlon.' 

Gregory ran for President in 
1968 under a variety of state 
parties. However, he faUed to 
gain many votes. 

First gaininf{ fame al a 
c. ...... Papa 

was also a topic of discus~ion . 
Presentation to Regents 

In making his "good faith" 
statement, Rosen was referring to 
the September 26 meeting of the 
UC Regents' Committees on 
Finance and Grounds and 
Buildings, when UCSD grad 
students Joe Rogers and Kirstie 
Bellman made a presentation on 
the situation at UCSD. 

Rogers and Bellman were before 
the subcommittee as represen-
tatives of the UC Student Body 
Presidents Council. 

The Regents have refused to 
listen to the GSU because the 
Regents do not deal with tnions. 

After their presentat ion, a 
Regent asked if there was any 
substantiation for the grad 
students' claims . Chancellor 
McElroy answered that UCSD has 
a 40 : 1 teacher assistant to student 
ratio, says Rosen. 

This , Rosen said, has insured 
that the Regents will see no further 
reason to consider the UCSD 
situation this year. It is, he 
claimed, just one example of 
McElroy's "lying." 

Rosen said that, since last June's 
negotiating meetings between 
administration and GSU, there 
have been no official meetings 
between the two sides. 

The next GSU meeting is 
Thursday night at 7:30 in USB 2622. 
Rosen said it is being held "to 
discuss the possibility of a strike 
this quarter." 

Making the 
College a 
Community 

by Barry Bovshow 
Staff Reporter 

Pat Ledden, professor of 
mathematics, is this year's acting. 
Provost for Muir College. He is 
covering for Provost John Stewart, 
who is taking a year's leave of 
absence to gather material on the 
work of Viennese composer, Ernst 
Krenek. 

Ledden, a member of Muir's 
original faculty in 1967, has had 
four years of experience as 
assistant provost at Muir. He also 
was the acting provo t at Fourth 
the year before that college opened 
in 1974. 

According to Ledden , the 
greate t obstacle at Muir i the 
lack of integration between fa ulty 
and students. Ledden would lik to 
expand this relationship but stated 
that the initial moves depend on 
the students aod teachers them-
selves. 

He noted i imilar situation 
betwe n on and off-campus 
tudent . "I'd like to make the 

colle c1 LVlIuuullay ., , .. 
everyone can work together' h 
aid. 

ugge t 1b ir Own Ide 
Ledd n mentioned that n taff 

members in th re ident halls , 
ontinued OD Page a 



Page two • rl.oll .1 O)('S 
Letters to th 

rew Assumes Integration's Good 
I write 1n reply ~Thomas F. 

Pettigrew's busing itorial in the 
Triton Times of tember 29, 
because I disagree with one major 
implication of his IIXCurnent: That 
racial integration is lDtrtulcaUy 
good. 

Buses, helicopters, locomotives 
and Shennan tanks can all do the 

job of forcing school integration. 
That is really not the issue. The 
thrust of my argument comes with 
the answering of this question: Is 
forced relocation ·of citizens a part 
of the process of free society? 

As a society, we have become 
permissive and flexible. Ideals are 
subject to modification and 

Coop Steering Committee 
Shouldn't Exclude IT 

I am writing to protest what I feel is a very serious mistake on the part 
of the Student Cooperative Steering Committee. I am referring to the 
decision to exclude Triton Times reporters from the Steering Com-
mittee's meetings. 

The reasons given by the committee were the fear that discrepancies 
WQuid arise between what is planned there and what is actually decided 
by the general meetings. They also mentioned that they didn't " like" the 
coverage given by the Triton Times and that the Triton Times reporter 
was a disturbing influence. 

I am truly disgusted by these reasons. We, the students, don't care 
whether or not our Coop is perfect. It would be ridiculous tQ expect all 
steering committee decisions to be accepted by the general meeting. 

What we do care about is' being able to read about what is happening, 
and the Triton Times is the only paper that fulfills that need. Not all of us 
have the time to get involved in the Coop at its highest levels but that 
doesn't mean we're not interested. By pulling this silly stunt, the already 
alienated Coop has further cut itself off from the student body. They 
complain that we don' t r eally care, but I complain that they are not very 
concerned about reaching us - as this proves. 

Furthermore, if the members don't " like" Triton Times coverage, then 
I wish they'd go out and change it. Cutting themselves off will not help 
anything. Perhaps being more open with reporters and students alike 
would be a good start. 

Last, if the reporters really are a disturbing influence, then I'm ·sure 
they can be adult enough about it and remedy the problem by discussion. 

The Coop stands for student government. Please let's keep it at that 
level; students in touch with students making decisions for students. 

JULIA HOVER 

Business Office Intern' 
Discusses Fines and· Busses 

In reply to the article (IT, Sept 
22) lI.nd J . C. Siren 's letter (TT, 
Sept 29) regarding parking fines 
being turned over to San Diego 
Transit, I would like to clarify 
some inaccuracies. 

Money that has been collected 
from parking fines goes into an 
a ccount called Fines arxl For- ' 
feitures. Fines and Forfeitures for 
the fiscal year of 1 rn 4-75 was ap-
proximately $43,000. From this 
account, 80 perce rt of the transit 
coordina tor's .lala ry is paid, along 
with benefits (vacation) for him. 
One-third of the administrativ e 
intern's salar:' ($1,1 00/year) in the 
rosiness offi< e Is paid from the 
same fund, 3f is the total salary of 
a student grmeral-assistant also 

The T.lton Tio , .. Is .ecognlzed by the 
Communication. Btard 01 UCSO as the 
official student n.,spepe.. Publication 
Is on Mondays, We41nesdays and F.ldays 
du.ing the. '89'-18' school YM. lexcept 
on 01l1c1.1 h l tldeysi. Editorial .... d 
business olllce , ••• Iocat ... In 117 Blak. 
HIli on the F, ... lIa College campus, 
Unl .. " ily 01 Calilo.ni a, San Diego. 

L.tters to Ihe Edilo. and opinion 
columns are wok:omed. All submissions 
should be typed on I 74-."..,. II .. on 
nonerasable paper. They ""ould not 
I .coed Ihree p8gOl In length doubl. 
spaced. The Tri ton TImes .. se .... Ihe 
. Ight to edit submissions bee ..... of 
sp..,elimileUons or type requl.ements . 

Fo. edito.I .. ; Cllil 452·3486; lor 
busl" .. s and display ...... I1 ......... ts, 
coil 452·3468. 

working in the business office. 
Supplies am expenses for the 

transit coordinator's office (this 
includes mailing, paper, Xeroxing, 
temporary hiring of Student Corps 
workers) and money for the UC 
carpool program also derive from 
Fines and Forfeitures. The Coast. 
Cruiser receives a subsidy of $6,000 
per year, and the UC Shuttle 
Service (between Univers ity 
Hospital aoo the UC San Diego 
School of Medicine) ·also receives a 
subsidy of $15,000, equal to one-
[ollrth of its operati ng expenses. 

Now, to get to the San Diego 
Transit problem. To subsidize use 
<i the " R" bus, UCSD givesa sum 
of money to San Diego Transit. 
This year, based on anticipated use 
of the Mesa Apts.-campus-Sl0 
roulk, $16,01 will be paid to the 
transit company. 

The subsidy is based on a .29 cent 
[are for approximately llO rides 
per week~y. No intra-campus 
charge is made for riders 
j1"esenting a uam student, faculty 
or staff ID card. The transit 
coordinator, Ken Bowers, has 
budgeted $5,000 to San Diego 
Transit out of this coming year's 
anticipated Fines and Forfeitures 
fund . The rest ofthe subsidy will be 
paid by housing and food services 
aid student affairs. 

LINDA MARKS 

abandonment as persons grow, 
mature and learn new things. 

In the case of abortion, it wasn't 
long ago that aborting a fetus was 
absolutely taboo, even for 
prostitutes who could coOllider it a 
business expense. It was a crime, 
a sin and immoral in the extreme. 

Now, many states and countries 
permit individuals or couples to 
decide for their own consciences, 
and establish their own moral 
codes. This, in spite of overall 
societal disapproval. 

Abortion, the question of life or 
death, is left in the hands of the 
individual concerned, to be con-
sidered on the basis of individual 
problems and needs. 

Likewise , we extend the 
privilege of voting to all persons, 
even to those of undereducated 
backgrounds. The decision of who 
is to rule is left to individuals to 
decide on their own terms. 

These and others are the rights 
and privileges of men in a free 
society. We don't manipulate with 
a gun the free choices of free men. 
Instead, we promote and praise 
independent choice and thought. 

Except in the case of busing for 
racial integration. 

Racial integration is one thing 
that seems to be good, without 
regard to the thoughts and choices 
of free men. It is intrinsically 
good. 

It's like a new religion. You 
either believe in it, or you don't. A 
man is called a racist for 
disagreeing on the subject, instead 
of being allowed the right to decide 
his own code. 

The integration-is-good religion 
is identical in its fanaticism to 
segregation-is-good religion. Both 
are identical in that the good of 
social planning is favored over the 
good of individuals involved. This 
social planning good was one 
pursued devotedly by one Adolf 
Hitler. 

When we allow intrinsic goods 
and intrinsic evils to rule our 
philosophy, we justify the man who 
kills millions for " the good of man, 
society and the world." 

When we say intrinsic evil exists 
in Jews or blacks. then 
massacring a few is in the coounon 
interest. 

When we say that Japanese-
Americans are intrinsically in 
support of an enemy (because of 
similar ethnic background), then 
there is only good done by 
uprooting them for relocation to 
desert concentration camps. 

When we say that racial in-
tegration is intrinsically good, 
good at any cost to individuals 
involved, then we commit the same 
fallacy. When freedom of choice is 
denied, we revoke freedom by 
definition. 

The American government is in 
the process of legislating and 
enforcing busing to achieve racial 
integration; is the threat of force a 
good environment for free choice? 

But we condemn those persons 
who resist forced integratiOn. I've 
even heard that some persons have 
been jailed. Imagine, in a free 
society, people being imprisoned 
for standing up for their beliefs and 
choices. 

If we accept forced relocation of 
school children as a tenet in the 
religion of integration, because 
integration is so good, then why 
can't we accept permanent 
relocation of whole families to 
achieve de-facto society-wide 
integration? 01' any other 
government enforced good? 

It 's the permanent solution. 

RICHARD STEVENS 

aec.u.e of .p.el 
limit.tion., thl T rito. 
nml. 1Ia. po.tponed it. 
editorials until Wed-
nesday. 

Monday. October 6, 1975 

Farmworker Update 

Boycott Still On 
by Rlelanto Romo, Amulfo Casillas and Josepb Sommers 

lor the U<SD UFW Support Committee 
August 28 was a historic date in the long struggle of California farm-

workers - one that dates back to the 19308 - to win the right to organize 
into unions. , 

As a result of five years (197~75) of national boYClltt activity and the 
ongoin2 insistence by the UFW on its ri~hts. a law was finally signed into 
effect by Gov. Brown providing for relatively free elections among farm-
workers, allowing them to vote for the union of their choice or for no union 
at all. 

Since that date, newspapers have carried stories of various elections, 
large and small, up and down the state .. By and large, the United Fann 
Workers of America has established itself clearly as the choice of most 
farmworkers, despite the numerous forms of hassling and intimidation 
which have plagued the elections so far. 

The Los Angeles Times of Sept. 30 carried the latest figures available. 
Of tI total of votes cast of 26,433, ~e United Farm Workers have received 
12,033, the Teamsters 7780, while 3726 votes were cast for no union. There 
is no question in the minds of objective observers that if genuinely free 
elections were held, United Farm Workers would carry the vast majority 
of the votes. 

Here are brief examples of the forms of hassling that continue to in-
terfere on a daily basis. One is actual physical threats, up to and in-
cluding homicide. An example took place at Oceanside, a mere 20 miles 
from this campus, when two local organizers' lives were threatened at 
the Oceanview Ranch as they attempted t(1 talk to farm workers about the 
upcoming union elections. 

A second form of degrading the processes provided for by law stems 
from the attitude and the actions of the Agricultural Labor Relations 
Board (ALRB) itself. Although there has been a ruling, since upheld by 
the California Supreme Court peooing further deliberations, that all 
unions shall have access to fannworkers, the fact is that a combination of 
growers, armed p~ivate police, posses, county sheriffs and immigration 
authorities have been working together in various forms of alliance to 
impede communication between UFW organizers and farmworkers. The 
latest eXliffiPle was tie arrest of the wife of Cesar Chavez on Oct. I, in an 
incident where the union attempted once again to exercise its right to 
speak with farmworkers during the prescribed hours sti pulated by ALRB 
rulings . 

The union has complained bitterly about the fact that the general 
counsel of the ALRB, Walter Kintz, has consistently been unwilling to 
enforce the rulings both of tbe ALRB and of judges who have SUpp\lrted 
the union's open access to the fields . It has requested that Gov. Brown 
replace Kintz. 

In the same Times article quoted above, labor writer Harry Bernstein 
documents the numerous instances in which Kintz has sided with the 
growers by either sitting on his hands or refusing to make changes in 
accordance with the law or with judges' rulings. 

Worthy of special note is that in all four elections held in the San Diego 
area, the results have been victories for the United Farm Workers. More 
than 800 workers have now voted in favor of UFW, auguring further 
organization and further activity for the union in the San Diego area. This 
marks historic progress - the UFW has never held contracts in this 
county. , 

Meanwhile, it is of utmost importance to point out that the boycott 
continues. This means that friends of the union are asked to continue 
refraining from consuming Gallo wine (or sub-labels such as Cribari) , 
ta ble grapes and head lettuce. What is fundamental is that while elections 
have been won and will continue to be won, showing clearly what the 
choice of the workers is, the fact remains that elections are no guarantee 
of contracts. 

To date the union has not sat down with growers to negotiate contracts. 
Until negotiations begin, the UFW needs all the support it can get in the 
face of mounting opposition - frequently by indirect means, sometimes 
by violent means - stenuning from both growers and the Teamsters, 
Until contracts are signed, then, the boycott will continue. 

Many people have asked what can be done by interested members of 
the UCSD community. More information and news will be forthcoming on 
this subject this fall as we follow the fortunes of the union's efforts to 
pursue the possibilities of the new agricultural law. To date, as indicated 
above, they are mixed, and the union has had to make repeated protests 
to the governor and to the legislature about the unfairness of the im-
plementation. 

Meanwhile, the following are steps which can be taken now, and 
which can constitute a genuine contribution: . . 
: -Please write individual letters to Gov. Brown requesting that he 

replace Walter Kintz as general counsel of the ALRB; . 
-Your participation is welcome in the ongoing picketing currently 

being sustained in order to continue the boycott. Picket lines are held 
every weekend locally in Pacific Beach and La Jolla. For information on 
how to participate, call 233-5648. 

-The UFW support committee in the San Diego area is anxious to 
organize house meetings of 10 to J2 people. 'These meetings - which can 
be held in the dorms or off-campus - are designed to provide full in-
formation about the present situation to those concerned with the issue. If 
you would like to organize such a small meeting, please call 233-5648 and 
help will be forthcoming. 

Johd H. Taylor 
.Edltor-in-Chlef 

Craig Uchida 
Editorial director 

, 

UCS.,Dlego 

Mark Woelber 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

James G. Soto. 
Cily editor ' 

Sara Lowen 
Community editor 

The Triton Times is recognized 0 $ the off iciol student newspaper by 
the Commun icot ions Boord of UCSO. Unsigned editorials represen' 
the views of the major ily of the editorial board (above ), and not 'he 
views of the Univer.si ty, the Communications Boord 00 the student 
bo_y . 

Monday, October6,l975 

Revelle Unit ' Dorms' Set for Improvements 
by Ran Anbar 
Staff Writer 

The UC San Diego housing office 
is preparing to refurnish and 
repair the Revelle Unit 1 dOnn!. 

In a meeting last week the 
Resident Advisors of the individual 
halls along with the student 
residents am the residert dean 
deaded on a priority list of what 
improvePleDts should he dooe at 
the Revelle unit 1 's. 

The priority list was scheduled to 
be completed and turned in to 
Assistant Housing Administrator 
John H. Jones today. Orders for 
new furniture begin shortly. 

. Annually Ih of one percent of the 
room am board payments made 
by students which this year canes 
to a total Ii $98,000 is put into a 

maintenHDCe fund for student 
musing. This maintchance in-
cludes major repairs such as 
improving equipment, repairing 
furniture, changing drapes and 
carpets, and replacing hall 
equipment such as water softeners 
and heat exchangers. . 

The money also goes toward 
repairing and replacing kitchen 
equipment such as last year's 
replacement of the Revelle 

ca~eteria conveyor belt which cost 
$4,000. . 

The $98,000 per year fund should 
be enough for normal main-
tenance, according to Assistant 
Housing Administrator John H. 
Jones. He also noted that there is a 
emergency Ifund comprising the 
other half of one percent of the 
room and board money. This fund 

is built upon annually if no cause 
exists for its use. 

Where U's Needed Most 
The money used is not evenly 

divided between the colleges but is 
instead funneled towards where it 
is needed most. Jones expects that 
it will cost in the vicinity of $9,000 
to drape Blake and Argo halls this 
year according .to Jones. 

Polltical Cartoonist Needed 
The Triton Times has an 

opening for a savvy political 
cartoonist. IT you are an artist, 
confident in your ability to put 
out, and willing to work with the 
Triton Times editorial staff at 
their same high salaries, 
contact John H. Taylor, Mark 
Woelber or Craig Uchida at the 
office in Blake Hall. Bring 
some of your work. 

The fewr that Won't break: 
THE RISING COST OF A MEOCAL EDUCATION. 

Like mast thing~ the cost of 
attending medical school 
has risen sharply 
over !he last 
decade. To many 
medical students 
thot cost repre-
sents a heavy 
burden, a financial ' 
problem that can 
affect your con· 
centration. 

It needn't be 
that way. The 
Armed Forces 
Health Professions 
Scholarship Program 
was originated to 
free you from those 
worries. Men and 
women who qualify 
Will have the costs of 
their medical educa-
tion covered, and 
will also receive a 
substantial monthly 
allowance 

The program offers 
more than tuition and 
salary: it offers you the 
opportunity to begin 
your practice under very 
favorable conditions. As a health care officer in 
the military branch of your chaice. you'll find 
yourself with responsibilities fully in keeping with 
your training, and with the time and opportunity to 
observe a full spectrum of medical speciallies. 

Armed Forces Health Core 
DEDICATED TO HEALTH CARE AND 

.THE PEOPLE ,,\1110 PRACTICE IT 
r--~---------------, ~"'::ZC",5<;roo""P> Z- CN- '05 I 

P..,.,o I 6i6'" I 
'Yes I Ofntl" ICfO$JedInAtmedfOtc~HeoIthPJof9S$lOl"\5 I 
SchOIO,S'''''P oppotlUl"lfhes I t.Xlde~kJnd lhefe t$ no obhgohon I 

lomespeclOltvll'lfet~'edl1\ When you decide on the specia lty you wish to pursue. you may find yourself taking those 
graduate medical studies at one of our many 
large and rrodern medical centers. If so. you can 
count on that training being second to none. 

o 'II"" 0 Novy 0 At fOlce I 
o ""v«:"", 0 D<it"'" 0 Pod,"frv 0 Optomc.... I [) \Ie,,,,,,,,,,,' 0 Psycrdogy(PtDr I 
Nome Se.OM O f I 
Ada... (Pleas. P"n,) Phone I ~th the clinical and research work being done 

In them have mode Arffi/. Navy and Air Force 
hospitals a major new national medical resource. s: .... --~_Stol. ___ ___1.Z'P--_ I I 

II's a long road, but the first step is simple. Just 
send in the coupon. The details we send you may 
make the whole way a little smoother. 

Soc"" Secul" • I 
EnooIImenloi (5<;hoo<) I 

og~~ ~~ II 

THE HEWLEH PACKARD HP- 25 
'iCIENTlFIC PROGRAMMABLE 

.~ 
'180.00 

• Sug8e~ted relail price 

(montn. year) 
~""""'Y <Td Podoohy "'" 000<liI<lbIe WI Novy Pfogrom. I 
PodoI!y Ord "',chalogy not ovootob'e" ""'" P;ogoom. I L ______ _ ___________ ~ 

Check out the H P-21 anu HP-25 sc ientific calculators at 
the Campu Book tore. If you like one, give us a ca ll , 
TOLL FREE , at (BOO) 952-5252. We ' ll get it to you with in 
3. da~s . Onc~ you gl·t it , if for some reason you don ' t 
like It , senu It b.lck OUEC r within 10 ddys for a full 
refund. 

Why buy from uo, imte.llJ o f the 13 0akstore? Because 
we're CHEAPER! We offer t h(' Sd lTIe p roducts with the 
same guardnt e <'~ fo r ,l loWN price th.1n the Bookstore. 
If you n ed thl' <""leul.lto r ri ght now .then by dll means 
get it from the l3ook o, lurl'. Hu( if .t }-dJY WJit won ' t kill 
you , then get it from u ~. 

A FEW THINGS TO NOTE 
·Since this .td i ~ not Chl's1P , you won 't be seeing it 
often , but our number will Ill' in theCLASSIHI:D SEC-
TION DAILY. 
·There is J $2.50 ~ hipping chJrge per order, not per ' 
ca lculator , so try to ordPr in bunche if po sible. 
·C.O.D. is finc , if not prl'ft·r.tble. 
·Quantity discount, .Iv.lil.lbll'. 
·We also CJrry the ItP-21 for $115 , the Texa 
Instruments SR -SOA for $90 .• lIld th R-51A for $138. 

THE CHEAP ALCUlA lOR OMPANY 
636 Fourth Strl'l't 
(800) 925-5252 

Davis, CA 95616 
Mon. Fri. , 9-5 

Page three 

Coop to Examine Itself 
and Make Reports 

The Student Cooperative whose 
Steering Conunittee has barred the 
Triton Times frem its meetings, 
will meet tonight at 6 in the student 
center to study in greater detail the 
proposed Board of Authority_ 

The Board, which would be made 
..., completely of students, would 
take over certain student center 
administrative tasks now oec-
fonned by the administration. The 
proposal will be again presented by 
Ron Green, an intern to student 
center director Mark Bookman. 

The Coop will also attempt to 
lECertain its members' interests . 
People at the meeting will be en-
rouraged to tell their major in-

terests in the Coop. 
Report to the Full Coop 

They will then meet with others 
woo have the same interests. Each 
group will set a meeting time, they 
will meet and report the results of 
those gatherings to the full Coop in 
the next few weeks. 

In addition, the Coop will further 
discuss the Appointmerts and 
Evaluations Committee and its 
possible expanded powers to 
evaluate and make recom-
mendations about all Coop coor-
dinators and chairs, as well as 
about Budget Resource Group 
(BRG ) Members. 

Campus Wide 
CommiHees 

Application Deadline 
IS noon Wed . Oct 80t StudentOrgan izolions 

Interviews 
for at large studenl positions Will be held 012-4 p.m Wed.Frl 
Oct 8-10 First come-first served make oppolntment for the 
day of your desire 

Society for t he Preservation of 

presel1 ts 

AHMAD JAMAL 
Tues., October 7 - Sun., Oct. 12 

. Showtimes 9 and 11 
Admission $3.50 

C~ta",ar8.Q Hotel 
3999 Mission Blvd. 458-8552 

(you must be 21 and show your ID) 

I 

. .4 Sf)Ct£f? ru,SSf?, «()() 
'I()() CJ14() IT1UIl ~ tu~§ 

A 50 cent student discounl Man-W ed . 

~--~-------------------.- ...... 

St(?(?I~~rcll3lu(? 
OCt. 8·14 

Ca ll Box office 753-3955 for showl lmes 

, 
s 



w AT'S ON: 10/6-10/12 Any el/ent in or around the U Son Diego community can b subm itted for the calendar . The material should be arrange 
as you see be lo w -- first dote, then 
nature of the el/ent, then 
description of it, including th fr •• on .1J11('S 
location. . 

Let's see. You could tryout the Student Cooperative on Monday night. There are a couple 
of oRen houses I in addition to an exotic Brazilian. dinner on Friday. Or just get drunk. 

Subm issions should ei ther be 
moiled or delivered to Triton Times, 
III Bloke Hall , Revelle College, 
UCSD, La Jolla, 92093 . 

The deadline is 5 pm the Friday 
before publication. We reserve the 
right to edit submissions. 

onday 
11 am-Shirt sale, UesD Rugby Club. All sizes, shapes a nd colors. Revelle plaza. 

- Exhibition. " Crab Orchard Cemetery," by Jo Hanson. A recreation of a rural Illinois 
jee,l!let4ery. Mandevil1e artlt8ltel'Y. Sunday tlrough Friday Oct.~ , until 5 pm. 

Noon - Lecture, " What We Know and Don't Know about the Food and Feeding of Northern 
Anchovy Uirvae: ' Dr. David K. Arthur. Southwest Fisheries Center Auditorium. 

1 pm - Lecture. " The Present Status of the Dynamic Breakwater Project." Richard Seymour. 
Vaughan Hall, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

1 - Meeting c1 the Trident Christian Fellowship . LoWlge and Conference room, student 

3 p~ - Meeting of Chancellor's Advisory Committee on the Handicapped. Disabled Student 
nter, n~ar Revelle cafeteria. All welcome. 

6 pm - Auditions for Drama Club production of "Everyman." Student center game conference 
2nd floor. . 

6 :30 pm - Meeting of the Student Cooperative. Nort h conference room, student center. 
6 :30 pm - M eeling, Christian Science Organization. B lake Hall conference room. All welcome. 
6:30 pm - Seminars , Freshmen orientation, Trident Christian Fellowship. Discussion of "Need 

4 pm - Seminar. Dr. Robert C. Finkel, Physikalisches Institutde Universitat Berne, wiII 
on: "Radioisotope Studies in Glaciology." 2145 Ritter Hall, Scripps Institution of ","';G""6'GI''l 

6 pm ~ meeting of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Club. Lounge conference room, 
center . 

6:30 pm- organizational meeting, intercollegiate sailing . Recreation gym conference room 
7 pm-LectureforSIMS. APM2313. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Horseback Riding Club, recreation conference room. 
7 pm - Meeting for anyone interested on forming alternative dorms on campus (i.e., 
houses , live-learn houses, activity dorms, etc.) 4th floor Blake lounge, Revelle. Questions 
9179. 

7 pm - Organizatioaal Meeting for cross COWltry and track and field . PE classroom. gym. 
7 pm - Class in basic auto mechanics, Tuesday section, 102 Tenaya Hall. Sponsored..by 

Women's Center. 
7 :30 pm - Introd uctory lecture, TM .. APM 2313. 

• 

7 pm - Lecture, by Dr. Joseph Hough of School of Theology, Claremont. "Hope in a 
Crisis," sponsored by Ua;D Extension. l110 P&L. 

Christian Fellowship. " HL 1160. 7 :30 pm - Worship, Scripture/prayer service, University-Corrununity Church lounge, 
7 pm - Class In basic auto mechanics, Monday section. Uffered by the Women 's Center. 102 by UCSDCatholic community. 

renaya Hall. N~ ch~rge. . f M ' t d ts · t t d' hel' t the 5 & Dime (Muir 8 pm - Lecture. Dick Gregory on "Social Problems: Social or Anti-social." Main gym. $1 
7 pm - OrgaDlzatl.onal meetmg ~ wr s u en In eres e In ping 0 rWl students; others, $2. 

coffee house). 5& Dune, lower MUir commons. .. M t ht 8'00 pm - Meeting Surf Club. All surfers welcome -- there will be a special surprise for aU 
7:30 pm - Meeting_ Advanced Meeting for all students and faculty now practicing T as aug att~nd. P&L 1117. ' 

by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. Revelle formal lounge. 
7 :30 pm - Orientation Meeting, Trident Christian}<' ellowship. m..1160 and l166. 
8 pm - Meeting of Israeli Folk Dance Club. Recrea tion G?'ffi Conference .roo.m. 
B pm - Discussion by Dr. Robert Hamburger, of the medical school, of his discovery of a general 

anti-allergen. Sponsored by UCSD Alwnni and Friends. Chancellor McElroy and Vice-chancellor 
Grobstein will participate in a panel discussion following Dr. Hamburger's remarks. Rev-elle 
Commons. 

Wednesd~y 
MC. . d 10 am - Meeting of students interested in the Fourtll College Career Planning U e s ay 10 am - Graduate School Information Meeting. Consortium for Graduate study in malnal~elD 
representing six US universities. Business administration and fellowships information. 
ticularly interested in seeing minorities . 412 MC, rID. 15. Through noon. 

. . .. ... . .. Noon - Worship. Ecumenical Bible and Prayer group, Revelle fonnalloWlge. All 
10 am - Meetmg for students deslnng to mcrease their SOCial confidence and ability to mteract Soonsored bv chaDlains of the office of reliltious affairs. 
ith ochers. Revelle College counselors office. Hugh Pates, leader. . Noon - CUnlc, weight control. First meeting of program offered by COllnSellJ12 
11:30 am - Meeting of the Fourth College Program Boa~d . ~tthews recreation cen~er .lounge. psychological services.- For individuals at least 25 Ibs. above normal weight wOO 

N~ - Introductory lecture of Transcendental Meditation as taught by Mahaflshl Mahesh maintain their weight atlower levels. 302 MC. Call x3755 to sign up. . 
YogI. North Conference room, student cen~r. . 3 pm _ Meeting of the student cooperative steering committee. Student organizations 

Noon - Rally for Tom H~yden for ~e~a te, Aztec ~nt er steps, San Diego Sta teo f erence room, student center. 
1 pm - Meeting of the T~ldent Chrlst~n ~ellowship. LOWlge C?nference room,. stu~nt ce~ter . 3 pm _ CUnlc, for individuals or couples seeking counseling on sexual matters. Leaders : 
2:30 pm- meeting. Deslgn~ to pro~lde mterested pe ~~ns With the opport~ty.to mterv.lew and Jorgensen-and Hugh Pates. Through 4: 45 pm. Revelle counselors office. 

ask questions of one of the fmal candidates for the POSition of ~ud~nt Orgaruzatlons AdVisor and 3:15 pm -Soccervs. AZIII8 Pacific, ~way. 
coordinator. The meeting will take place in the student orgaruzatlOns conference room, student 4 pm -Seminar. Dr. LeOOFarhl, depiirtment of physiology, SUNY, Buffalo, will speak on 
center. .. . Gases as Masters and as Servants." 307 Vaughan Hall, Scri~ Institution of Oceanography. 

3 pm-Field Hockey vs. SanDlegoSt~te, Mwrfleld . . 4pm -Women's volleyball vs. UniversitydSanDIego, Recreation gym. 
4 pm -Auditions for UCSDcheerleadlng squad. RecreatIOn conference room. 4 pm -Seminar, Dr. AnnenH. Tashjian oftbe Harvardmedicalschool will speak on 

the Synthesis of Release d Proladin by Oonal Strains of Pituitary Tumlr Cel1s on 
BInner Hall, rm. 2105 . 
S pm - Meeting, Tennis club. Recreation conference room. 

,.----------------_____________ --, - 6 pm - Meeting, Students Active Toward Community Health (SATCH). Revelle 
lounge. 

7 pm - Meeting, Muir Outing Club, APM 2113. 
7 pm - Class, basic auto mechanics. Wednesday group. 102 Tenaya Hall, sponsored by the 

'Th B· 1 Sh I Women 's Center. e 1 eye e 0 p - 7 pm - Meeting of students interested in the Fourth College career planning committee. 302 
[Beginning today, WHAT'S ON will 

present a column concerned w ith bicycle 
repair and maintenance by !)CSD Bike 
Shop manager Fred Boatright.] 

It is hard to f l -.d a subject related to bike 
mechanics thot would interest ihe general 
student body, ,0 I have picked a subject 
that has been a recurrent problem with 
ters . This orea of concern is the bicycl e 'S 
'drive Irain.' n 's includes the chain. front 
chainwheels. a'ld ear cluster (sprocke ts). 

One th ing th :1t i often overlooked is the 
foct that a cho n for a bicycle, especially a 
IO-speed. is su:>je t to stretching and roller 
wear, resultin) from Improper core and 
e~tended usog.3. 

Let's take 0 simple case of on overage 
commuter who would normally "de a total 
of 50-75 miles weekly. I would suggest that 
person reploce his chain every six months. 
Why? Becouse a worn chain will wear out 
the front chainwheels ond rear sprockets 

quite ropidly, and it is cheaper to replaC"e a 
chain than the latter two items. 

There is a simple way to check for chain 
wear and fat igue. One is by taking the 
chain with the thumb and first finger on the 
bicycle and try twisting it . If it gives any 
more lhan a third of a revoTution I would 
soy your chain should be replaced. 
Another method is to see how for you con 
pull the chain away from the teeth of the 
f,vnt .. I, .nwheel. If it can b~ pulled away 
more than l i B," then it is no good . 

Proper lubrication is also important. So 
don' t let your bicycle sit and let the chain 
dry ond rust . because dryness only in-
creases the friction in the chain rollers, 
• cousi ng e Kcessi ve wear . (A sure sign of 
this, by the way, is a squeaky bicycle drive-
chain.) 

So toke care of your bicycle -- it won't 
survive th'rough neglect. 

Thursday 
9 am - Meeting of the WWJen's Center. North conference'room, student center. 
10 :30 am - Graduate ScboollDformalloo. (Appointments necessary.) USC, Graduate 

Business. Info on MBA, numers of management science, other business degrees. Appts. and 
information at career planning, 412 MC, rID. IS. Through 1:30 pm. 

Noon - Meeting, Graduate Student Council, oorth conference room, student center. 
1:15 pm - Lecture •. "Sjoegren's Syndrome - a Not Uncommoo Dlness." Eng M. Tan, 

Margaret Alspaugh, PhD, Lieb Amphitheatre, Scripps H<fipital cUnic. 

The winner of the WHAT'S ON photo contest for this week is Robert E. Markoff, who subm itted the work 
displayed above. Submissions chosen for use here win $3. Turn your photos in to the office by 5 pm Friday. 

- Field Hockey vs. Palomar College. Muir field. 
- Meet Your Provost. Got a short question? Want to know the color of Pat Ledden 's eyes? 

Muir students can talk to their provost every Thursday. Through 5 pm. HSS 2136. 
Workshop, on drug use and drug effects. Revelle informal lounge. Steve Nute and Christy 

leaders. Through 5 pm. 
orgauizatfonal meeting fer any women who would like to play basketball together. 5:30 pm - Casa Abierta (Open House). Sponsored by Chicano studies for all chicanos. 
office. ' ments will be served, and a film about last year's activities will be shown. Quonset Hut 313. 

- Semmar, biology department: Dr. Martin Hewlett of the Center for Cancer Research, 6 pm - Brazilian dinner, sponsored by the International ClUb. Entertainment after the meal. 
"The Structure of the 5' end of Poliovirus RNA." Bonner Hall, rm. 2105. $1.25 for students, $2 for others. All welcome. 

pm - Meeting, Graduate Student Union. GSU will discuss the possibility of a strike this 7:30 and 10 pm - Film. " Claudine, " starring Diahann Carrol, 1974 academy award nominee. 
. All members should discuss this in their departments and make every effort to attend. USB 2722. $1. 
- Lecture. University d Michigan Psychologist Judith Banlwick will speak on new 8 pm - Non-sexist dance, sponsored by the Women 's Center and the Gay Student Association. 

in the psycholOJ[y of women. The pro~am is sponsored by the extension office as Muir 5 & Dime. No admission charge . Everyone welcome . 
distinguished lecturers series. Rowll105, UCSD School of Medicine. Admission is $2 
~l.U{lem;s. $5 for the general public. 

's Group, For women 21 years of age (J' older to deal with problems specific to . 
and to explore alternative ways of functioning in different roles. Personal 

wives of students welcome. Call extension 3755 to sign up and obtain additional 
. Group will be limited to 12 members. 

Saturday 
- Open House, Revelle Community Center. Fruit, cheese, nuts, bread, etc. Stop by bet-
and 1 and get acquainted. 
- Concert. EDNA will sponsor the appearance of " Horsefeathers" in concert. Tamales 

at the concert for 25 cents. Front gym steps. 
lIelnlnlar. Linda J . Goff, biology department, uesc, will speak on " Parasitism on Red 

Vaughan Hall, Scripps. . 

T.B.A. Athletic event. All-Cal Tournament : UCSD's Women's Volleyball team will participate 
UCDavis. 

1:00 pm - Athletic event. Soccer versus Pacific Christian. Muir field, UCSD. 
3 :00 pm-Athletlceveot . Water polo versus Pomona Pitzer. Ua;D Pool. 
7:30 pm and 10:00 pm FUm. "Harder They Come." Jimmy Cliff stars in a look at the slums 

Jamaica. USB 2722. Admission is $l. 

- Lecture. "Sjoegren's Syndrome - a Not Uncommon Illness." Eng M. Tan, MD, 
PhD. Lieb Amphitheatre, Scripps Hospital Clinic. S d 

AMES blo-engineering. Speaker: Bengt Fagerell, MD, Phd, on " A New Method un ay 
Capillaries in Peripheral Disorder." Medical school. 

' . clinic, for individuals desiring information or counseling about use or abuse of 
Clime meets every Friday afternoon, through 3 pm, in the Revelle counselor's office. 
Waterpolo vS. University of Arizona, UCSD pool. 
Meeting. Rec. Conf. rm. Any club Interested In participating in the carnival on Oct. 24 

10 :30 am - Worship. CathoUcstudent Mass. North Conference room, student ceuter. 
Worship at University - COlTununity Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive : 

8: 30 am and 5: 00 pm - Roman Catholic Mass 
10 :00 am - Lutheran Liturgy, followed by " feedback" session with Art Hol~, " A Christian 

A ttorney's Perspective" • 
12 :30 pm- Episcopal Eucharist 

7:00 - UCSD Student G roup: " Problem of Pain," University Ci:J.1r...la h;wlge. 



Palem 

sporlts Notebook 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports' editQr 

Rivalry Week 1 wasn't a 
smashing success, but it wasn't a 
total failure either. True, the 
soccer team lost to San Diego 
State, and the Aztecs downed the 
water poloists - but it was fun. And 
the scores, 3-2 in soccer and 9-6 in 
water polo, gave some indication 
that UCSD can compete on the 
same level as the cross-town 
meanies ... 

"I don't think we'll lose another 
game this year," polo coach Gary 
Becker said without flinching. 
That would give his team a record 
r:J. something like 25-2 by the 
season's end. The water polo team 
has no seniors, and with a tidy 25-2 
ledger, Becker will expect some 
better competition for 1976, 
perhaps UCLA. " We just hadn't 
had as much conditioning time, so 
we couldn't have been expected to 
beat State. The rest of the season 
should be smooth, though." 
Optimism reigns ... 

Telling it like it was, almost... 
"There's really no point for us to 
play San Diego State again now. 
They ran us into the ground last 
weekend, and we're still not ready . . 
They've been practicing for over a 
month, and we've been going for 
less than two weeks. Maybe if we 
played them again late in the 
season - that would be a fair test, " 
soccer coach Rod Geiger ex-

A guard is gone 

plained. These weren 't excuses, just .the truth . Ten minutes later, 
though, the soccer team went onto the field and nearly whipped the 
Aztecs . The Tritons have a nice mixture of veterans (Howdy Sibley, Joe 
Wettstein, the Youngdale brothers, AlfoO.so Gonzalez, Jairo Marin, 
Fernando Padilla, Steve Cardona ) and rookies (Gary Wick, Peter 
Latham, Olajide Shokumbi), and they 're better than they think ... 

f rlffN' .1 nil'S Monday, ~tober8,1975 
Aztec Comeback-Robs Tritons of Soccer Win 

The Triton soccer team came 
within ten minutes of making 
coach Rod Geiger look like a 
genius before being turned away 
by San Diego State Wednesday 
night, 3-2, in the Aztec Bowl. 

The Aztecs had drilled UC' San 
Diego 10-1 at USlU less than a week 
earlier, and there was no in-
dication that the result of a 
rematch would be different. In an 
attempt to hold the score down, 
Geiger instructed his team to go all 
out offensively, try to get a quick 
goal or two, and then just try to 
hold on. 

Geiger's strate~ worked nearly 

to the letter, as the Tritons took a 2-
o lead, then retreated and played 
defense around goalkeeper Joe 
Wettstein. . A combination of 
questionable refereeing and one 
perfect Aztec play turned the game 
arolDld in the final minutes. 

State has been practiCing 
together for over a month, and is 
now in good shape physically. 

U~D has a new coach, new 
players, and only two weeks of 
practice. With that in mind, the 
Tritons understandably went out 
on the field hoping not to get em-
barrassed. "We'd just like to stay 
close" , said Geiger. 

Midway through the first period, 
it became apparent that State was 
just trytng to stay close. UCSO's 
Jairo ~arin opened the scoring 
with an outstanding individual 
effort, taking a pass from Steve 
Cardona, driving around three 
Aztec defenders, and puttlng the 
ball by goalie Paul Seeger. The 
goal seemed to surprise the State 
defenders, while raising the hopes 
of the whole Triton SQuad. 

Wlth about 20 minutes left in the 
45 minute period, sophomore Dave 
YOWllldale made it 2~, scorinl[ 
from In. front of the goal on a free 

Continued oa Page 7 

Watermen Make Strong Stand ' 
by Bob Steiner 

StaHWriter 
Coming Off a second place finish 

in last weekend's Loyola Tour-
nament, coach Gary Becker's 
waterpolo team almost staged an 
upset over the highly rated San 
Diego State Aztecs in a 9-7 losing 
decision. 

Top scorer of the day, Dave 
Harry, blasted in his first of three 
goals to put the Tritons in front in 
the early minutes of the first 
quarter. Teammate Ken "Corky" 
Hull, one of last year's most 
valuable players, added another 
goal in the brutal first half to put 
the Tritons within two points of 
their crosstown rivals . 

Exploding off of the 4-2 halftime 
score the Tritons, in only their 
second appearance of the season, 
played together as a cohesive unit 
and shot away at the Aztecs goal. 
Early scores by Joe Miller and 
another of last years most valuable 
players, Alan " Minnesota Fatts" 
O'Hern, got UC San Diego close. 

Bob Ali , the goalie ex-

challengerS with vengeance as he remarked Coach Becker, will have 
allowed only 9 of 24 attempts get by . a " good year if we put it all 
him to score. together." 

Amid cheering of the spectators, The only element lacking in a 
the UCSD team launched a rally successful home schedule is the 
that came too late in the fourth support. " What we need" said 
quarter and Al O'Hern tossed in the Coach Becker, "is spectat~rs and 
final goal for a grueling game that student support." 
concluded in favor of San Diego Continuing with their rough 
State. season schedule, the waterpolo 

Backed by talent and ex- team travels to Whittier to take 
per ience, the U CSD team, part in the Whittier Tournament. 

traordinaire, and according to 
Coach Becker "one of the most 
valuable players in the Loyola goalie Bob Ali towers above everyone as he gets read, to 

Believe it or not, it's not too late to get on an intramural team, even Tournament," stood off his s.top on Aztec shot . 
lliO~hyoodidmisSthec~tain~m~tinp.Ta~awa~toMu~F~WMr~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
the gym, and chances are someone will need a player or two. For night 
people, badminton will be on Monday, volleyball on Monday and Thur-
sday, floor hockey on Tuesday, Friday and Sunday, and 3-Man 
basketball on Wednesday. Flag football will be played days, Friday 
!hroughSunday ... 

Mike Hart, a sophomore from the Bay Area, has quit school. Hart had 
been counted on as the probable floor leader on the 1975-76 varsity 
basketball team. Hart, a 6'1" guard, was the leader of the JV's last 
season, and was a part-time varsity player. "I'm just fed up (with 
school)," Hart reportedly said... . 

For those who haven't kept up with the daily changes, the San Diego Q's 
at;,e now the Sails. The team s~ms to be going for a Southern California 

' leak, with rookies Pete Trgovich (UCLA), Clint Chapman (USC), Biff 
Burrell (USC), and Roscoe Pondexter (Long Beach ST State) now in 
camp. The team has just acquired Kevin Joyce (Indiana Pacers), to 
join probalile starters Travis Grant, Caldwell Jones, and Dwight Lamar. 
The Sails will open its exhibition season against Portland, October 15 at 
the SoortsArena ... 

B.S. 
in 

Electrical 
Engineering 

, The Applied Physics and Information 
Scif:nce is now offering programs 

leading to the B.S. Degree in Electrical Engineering. 
A Meeting 

TO DISCUSS THESE NEW PR(x}RAMS WILL BE HELD ON 
1UESDAYOCTOBER 7,197SAT4:00p.m. IN ROOM 4030A U~. 

IF YOU CANNOT ATTEND THIS MEETING OR IF YOU HAVE 
~ESTIONS ABOUT THE PROGRAMS, PLEASE INQUIRE AT THE 
DEPARTMENTAL OFFICE AP&M BUILDING, ROOM 3216 

TRiTON ClAssiFiEds 
Rules and Rates 1960 Ford Falcon . Good commuter car $350 . 

ca11453·5466 day or ""enlngs {I 0/8) 
Classifieds should either be printed or typed on a 3"x 5"card 

(available in Triton Times office). They may be submitted • SERVICES 
anytime between 9 and noon and 1 and 4 p.m. "'red a study aid? Buy prof apprved "Lecture 

notes" MOil-Thurs. tl :()()-I :00 p.m. R""elle 
fountain-Nat. Sci 1 C. Sc. & Tech l1A. Blo 7. 
Nat. Sci I A. Sci 3C, 0 Chem. Ling 1, Econ 
1 B, Econ 2A, Psych lOA. Psych 16A (10/3) 

The following rates are for 100 spaces - if you use more 
spaces, the rate will double. (100 spaces - .~; 101 to 200 -.~). 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads : students - .254: 

nonstudents - $1 
Tune ups, brakes minor repair, oil change, 
olc. Mlke~73(10/22) 

Deadlines: 5 pm Friday for Monday ; 5 pm Monday for Men-Women Jobs on Ships I Amerlcan-
Foreign-No experience reQ. Excellent pay -
Trave1. Summer Job/career S3 for Info Seafax 
Dept. B·6, Box 2049 Port Angeles. Wash. 
96362 (10/10) 

Wednesday ; 5 pm Wednesday for Friday. 
Announcements : free. All announcements will run in the 

Monday calendar. Deadline for calendar: 5 pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections to listings in the Schedule of 

Classes for regular University courses will be charged $1. ) Spend less and bs better dressed. ladies ~-.::.:..:.:.=.:::...:.~~=:.:....::.=:..:..=.:=~=.::::.::...::..:~~=~~~:.....----l ready to wear BJ's Resale. 243 N. Hwy 101. 
WANTEd 

Need extra cash? Paying top dollar for your 
U.S. Sliver coins minted before 1965. Ken 
453-7924. (I I 126) 
ALCOA now hiring. Orders Dept. 20 hrs/wk. 
$SO l wk. Call 282·2402. (10/10) 
Rodln's Calculus book contact Wendy in n 
office. (1 0/6) 
Wanted desperately: lext for Biology 129 
Jacob's "Structure & Function In Man" call 
Jim 453-9488 (10 /6) 

ItOUSiNG 
Female roommate wanted to share Ig 4 BR 
home In Unlv. City with 3 01 us. No tobacco 
smokers, plea • . S97.50/mo. Imm . oce. Call 
Chris . Bob. or Sue 81452-1132 or Bobat453-
7500.3723. (10/8) 
FM housemate In nice Sol."a B_ch hoUM . 
580 mo plus utll. Call 755-9578 Close 10 
Coast Cruiser. (10/6) 
Roommate w.nted· need a flllh person for 
huge country hou.. Rancho Sent. Fe; 
garden. pool , 1 '" .crea; 12 ml from UCSO; 
own big room: S130/mo but worth III Call 
438-2261 & leave mellage or go 10 Coop 
Bookstore (10/8) 

Wanted: male roommate to share 1 BR apt. In Solana Beach. 75!Hl558 (10/13) 
PBS87 .50/mo. 488-6710 eves. (10/8) 
Desperate for 1 or 2 male or lemale rmmts 
Genesse Hlghland,..70 or lOO/mo . 2 V, ml 
Irom campus Kurt 453·9642 (1016) 

French tulorlng MA & teach ing expo at all 
levels . Hours & fees fl. xible. Call 299-7184 
(10/6) 

Are you adopted? Seeking natural parents? 
232-65100rP O. 332725092103. (10/31) Oulet nonsmoker 10 share 2 BA townhouse In 

Clairmont 10 min to school own room 
SIIO/mo lnet/utll MIF call John at 560-5627 
or leave phOne at .3777 (I 0/6) 
Needed Rm M, nonsmoker $85 mo share 2 • 
bed apt wl1h 2 olhers call 75!>-S786 Del Mar 
near beach (10/6) 

fOR SAlE 

Sc & Tech 11 A. Blo 7. Nat Sci 1 A, Sci 3C. 0 
chern . Ling I Econ lB. Econ 2A. Psych lOA. 
Psych t6A (10/3) 

PERSONAl 
To the Canuck on 41h Ten8ya- where from? 
One from Alberta (10/6) 
3 rings lost in USB bathroom. Bfue clM. 

69 Opel Kadet wgn .; automatic; clean; R/H; Ring , Green Birthstone, & Rose ring . call 
good condition 272·18U or 272·9389 (tO/8) 444-7825. (REWARD (10/6) 
ALLMAN BROTHERS CONCERTl1I LA 
Forum Oct 20 I II row (4) 2nd Row (2) .. ats 
S30 or mlk. offer 270-78511 . (10/8) lOST II fOUNd 

LOal : Pllpetlleck Jerul"em alble . Name In 
Two GenetIc. Books by SRb; one Physlca Ironl cO_. Ple .. e retum to TT offloe or CIfII 
Book for 4I<BC cell Demlen at IT 011 Ice 452· Karen ~27113 (10 /8 ) 
34M 

5of.color: rust . 80" long , Iolds flat for 
sleeping. 520. 453-0210 (10/8) TRAVEl 

SSW Tr ... 1 Office - on cempul chert. 
Panuonlc AM/FM slereo compect wllh ~ I1IghtS. Inler. Studenl 10. eta. UCSD 1_-
ch"'ger and 2 speeker •. $250 ne ... Sell for national Cent .... 6 .0830, " am 10 4 pm. $125 Lewis 447-3813 (1 0/8) Mon., Wed., Fr1. only (10/8) 

Monday, October 6,1975 

'Home Away from Home' 

International Center is 
Active Campus Spot 
by Rachel Zinn a program' Gf Indian music and 

StaH Writer dance. 
Often referred to as " a home Workshops and internationally 

away from home," the Inter- oriented programs are continually 
national Center provides a taking place. The Center has two 
residence for foreign students and bedrooms designed in donnitory 
their families . fashion for visitors. Facilities can 

The center, located on Matthews also be rented to community 
Campus, was developed five years groups. . 
ago by U~D and several private This quarter promises to be an 
citizens on land given by the eventful one. Upcoming events 
University. include a welcome picnic for new 

The International Center offers a foreign students and families at La 
wide variety of programs for the Jolla Shores beach this Sunday. 
enti re community, including the Next Friday there will be a 
Travel Center and Europe Study Brazilian dinner prepared by some 
Abroad Services. The Europe of the international scholars and 
Abroad office has a wide collection students, followed by en-
of information for students in- tertainment. A nominal fee will be 
terested in studying for a year at a charged, and reservations are 
foreign campus, anywh~re from necessary. Also that day, the first 
England to Southern Spain. in a ' series of Japanese Flower 

The International Center also Arranging classes is being offered. 
has a public gallery filled with On Sunday, October 19, a Friends 
contemporary and traditional International potluck dinner is 
handicrafts and the International being held to celebrate United 
Center Cooperative Nursery Nations Week. Attendees bring a 
School, which meets five days a native dish; entertainment will 
week 9 am _ noon. also be provided. Friends is a 

Active Spot volunt~er . group which assists in 
The Center is an active spot on . ?peratm~ the Center. It se:ves the 

campus where a typical day might mterna.tlOnal ~0ll1:munJty ~y 
begin with a German language sponso~mg hospltahty and m-
class meeting iQ the, kitchen formation programs. 

f rlfon .1 n1('S 
HEUOON the nonprofit UCSD 
Poetry Journal I. now accepting 
original poems from faculty 
students and staff for Its fall 
1975 Issue. Include 011 each 
p8ge: Name, address, phone 
and _ociatlon with campus. 
No more than four [4] poems 
per author can be coosJdered. 
Send to Campus MaUCode C-005 
c/o Poetry Journal. 
. Interested In helping with this 
magazine? Ca11488~297 eves. 

The Black Cultural Sequence 
announces the enrollment for 
The Black Drama Group anti 
The Black Dance Comp8ny. 

Those interested please come to 
the Drama Dept. or call: 
-Actors: Prof. Luther James 
452-4766 
-Dancers: Prof. Floyd Caffney 
452-2739 

Soccera •• 
kick situation. State then seemed 
to wake ,up, attacking the UCSD 
goal continuously before finally 
putting one by Wettstein with five 
minutes left. 

The offensive line of Marin, 
Youngdale, Alfonso Gonzalez, 
Cardona, and Olajide Shokumbi 

Page seven 

seemed to be content (In staying 
back, so it was State tMt did the 
attacking in the secolld half. 
Wettstein was forced to make some 
diving stops, once three ill a row, to 
keep the Tritons in the lead. 

After allowing a lot of rough play 
by the Aztecs, the referees stopped 
play when they found UCSD doing 
some pushing in front of their own 
goal. A penalty shot was awarded, 
and the easy goal tied the score. 

State's winning score defeated a 
tired and disappointed UCSD 
squad with just under ten minutes 
to play. On a free kick (rom the 
right side of the goal, an Aztec 
forward headed the ball into the 
opposite comer of the net past 
Wettstein. 

fJfu runifJl!.uity o f (!afif0'l.nia, 2>an 'biLgo 
Camp/.L~ g:>~o9~am !Boa.'I.d 

p~I!.:1l!. nt:1 

[)i£~ ()re,,()r, 
Oct.7 Tuesday 

8 pm 
Social Problems : Social or Anti-social? 
UCSDGym 
UCSDst$l GA$2 

learning to make a traditional 
German dish. A Hungarian 
mathematician might arrive in the 
afternoon for a three-day stay, and 
the evening may be highlighted by 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO Oct. 14, Tuesday 

8 pm 
-Selected readings from the work of Carlos Castaneda-

4th's Dean Frost: 
'Toward a Career' 

When the idea of a Fourth 
College at UC San Diego was 
conceived, it was with the notion 
that it would prepare the student 
towards career or pre-professional 
goals . Gary Frost, new dean of 
Fourth College, intends to In-
troduce an expanded version of the 
academic internship program 
which will direct the student 
toward a career. 

Unlike many of the present In-
ternship programs employed on 
campus, Frost's program would 
take the student away from the 
sometimes synthetic light of the 
college classroom and place him in 
a pragmatic career situation. The 
program would place the student in 
a job related directly to his major 
where he can see whether it, is to 
his liking. If it is not, then the 
student will be able to make a 
change early in his education. 

In his development of the In-
ternship program, Frost will draw 
from similar experience at James 
Madison College at Michlgan State 
University, where he was assistant 
dean and Director of Student 
Affairs. Aiding him is Assistant 
Coordinator Cory Carlson who 'also 
figured prominently in planning 
the Madison internship program. 

The academic internship 
program, however, is still very 
much in its planning stages and 
most likely will not be effective 
W1til next fall when the beginning 
1974 class of Fourth College will be 
ready for such a program. , 

In addition to the internship 
program planning, Frost's other 
duties include overseeing ' the 
Fourth College residence halls and 
disCiplinary and student affairs. 
One of his special interesta is 

~rban Studies - specifically, the 
Impact of cities on people: 
cr?wding, noise pollution, lack of 
privacy and the overall hazards of 
living in the big city and what it is 
doing to the people involved. 

On the subject of noise pollution, 
for example, Frost pointed out that 
It makes people irritable and 
deprives them of concentration. 
Frost supports "far stricter n_ 
ordinances" and adela, " All theIe 
hazards Impinge on the poor; the 

~or bear the brunt of having to 
live In the citiel, and this should be 
changed." 

by Plyebe PalC!U8l 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phooe~UFE 24 brs 

Free counseling, study room 
and speakers 

&irgessMeredith (reader) Charles Lloyd (flute ) Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD St $3 GA $4.50 
Tickets: the Turntable in La Jolla & the UCSD Box office . 
Hours : Tues.-Sat. Noon-4 :30 pm Infil 452-4090 452-4559 

You COIn do it. too. So fit over 550.000 other people have done it. People who 
MV. ditf~.n t jobs, different lOs, different inter.su. different educations hive 
completed the cour ... Our gredu.t .. are peopl. from all walks of lif •. n"", 
peoplt have .11 r.ktn I cour .. delieloped by Evelyn Wood. a prominent 
oduCOltOr.. PrOCl,,,,,lIy .11 of them at le .. t tripled the" reading speed with equal or 
bener comprehension .. MOlt have increased it even more. 
Think for I moment whit thlt me.n,. All of them- even the slowest- now read 
In ..... r. no .... in less th.n two hours. Thev read an eOlire issue of T ime or 

N~ In 35 minut ... They don'l skip or skim. They read every word. They 
UII no machina. Insteed . they let the material they 're reading determ ine how 
I.st they read .. And mlrk th is well : they ectually understand more. remember 
more •• nd enloy more thin when Ihey read slo.,lv. That ', rightl They 
understend more. They remember more. They enjoy more. You can do the same 

It Sounds 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES cAN READ 

THE EXORCIST IN 58 MINUTES 

At Thlt Speed, TIle 403 PIllS Come Across 
W'lth More ImPld 1'1IIn TIle McMi. 

thing- the pi ICe to le.,n m",e about It is at a fr .. speed reading I"",n. 
Thi' is the same cour ... President Kennedy had his Joint Chiefs of Staff ukl 
The staff of President Nixon completed Ihi' course in Juno 1970. The sa",e o~ 
Senators .nd Congreumt1l have tlken. 

Come to • Mini·Lesson and find out. It os free 10 you Ind you willle .. e with. 
better und.erstlnding of why it works. One thing that might bother you about 
your readIng speed is thet someone might find out how slow it is. The 

'n~tructors It the Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics Free Speed Reading I .. son 
WIll .llt you k.~ your secret. If, true we practice the first step to improved 
reldlng It. Mlnl ·Leuon and we will increase your reading speed on the spot but 
the results will remain your secret. Plln to .ttend I frH Mini-Lesson and iNfn 
that il is pouibl. to read 3·4·5 tim .. flS ter. with comp.roble comprellenslon. 

r-------SCHEDULE OF FREE MINI·LESSONS,------
You'll increase your reading speed 

50 to 100" on the spot! 
Today and Tomorrow at 4pm or 8pm 

La Jolla Mission Valley 
La Jolla Village Inn 

Interstate 5 at La Jolla Village dr. 
" Th is is the LAST WEEK" 

International Plaza Hotel 
1515 Hotel Circle West 

EVELYN VtOOD READING DYNAMICS 



Pqeelcbt 

~,:!!~z:.:l. _y 
Gregory is reg::dld as a 
philosopher, social fa i rist and 
human rights activi.~t He once 
embarked on a fas 0 demon-
strate his anti-war ~\ition. 

Additionally, Gregory was 
active in the ci viI rights 
movement in the 1950/-; and 60s. 

Tickets for the lecture are 
available at the UCSD box office 
on the first floor of the student 
center. 

Female Research 
is Subject of 
Psych Lecture 

A world reknown woman 
psychologist will open the UC San 
Diego's Extension Distinguished 
Lecturers series Thursday 
evening. 

On the occasion of International 
Womens Year, Psychologist lec-
turer, and author Judith Bardwick 
will speak about new research and 
developments in her field of study, 

Judith Bardwick . 
the psychology of women. Bard-
wick is recognized by 
psychologists a pioneer in the field. 

The program, " An Evening With 
Judith Bardwick," will begin at 8 
p.m. in Room 1105 of the medical 
school, on UCSD's Matthews 
Campus. 

"Among books and articles 
Bardwick has written, her text-
books 'Psychology of Women' and 
'Readings on the Psychology of 
Women' are considered classics," 
says Marjorie Shaevitz of the 
Extension staff. " We are par-
ticularly glad she could come 
during this International Women's 
Year." 

In attempting to arrive at an 
incisive presentation of the 
American woman today, Bardwick 
has done extensive research on the 
origin and development of sex 
differences, the consequences of 
society's preference for the 
cha racteristically masculine 
qualities, and the limitations 
placed on psychologically com-
petent women. 

Despite fundamental differences 
between the sexes, traditional role 
divisions are too restrictive, she 
says. And , she maintains, 
"changes in role assignment are 
logical, necessary and probable." 

Her work began in the 1950's-
"when women s studies were 
considered unal c table or even 
irrelevant," corr m nted Shaevitz. 

More recent) \" Bardwick has 
written articles on "Evolution and 
Parenting," "S !x, Maternity and 
Self Esteem," I=0w r relationships 
between wome'l, emu " TI .. :: Rcal 
Revolution. " 

Tickets are a' ra ' able at the door 
or through UC E xt nsion. 

ADMINIST RAT IVE I • 
TERN HIP ~ V AIl..ABLE for 
the Committ e on Educational 
PoUcy of the Acad mic enate. 
Thi is a once in a llfetim 
hance to learn the ins and outs 

of U(S) and be paid whit 
doing it. [,lOOO/yr. ] lot r t d? 
Pick up applications at th 
tudent Info Desk [Edna] or 

contact Ron Green, x4023 for 
details. 

·Ledden ••• 
office, the dean's office and other 
Muir administrative offices will 
help the college with their fresh 
ideas. 

He stressed, however, that 
anyone in the college should feel 
free to suggest their own ideas for 
activities and campus services not 
provided. 

This year's major goal is to find 
a way to raise student social in-
volvement with the school. "Since 
we lack a Westwood or a Telegraph 
Ave., we have to bring the social 
activities back to campus." 

The major problem is getting 

commuter students back to school 
for more than library use, and 
keeping resident studeflts on 
campus during weekends. Corky 
Cacas, a recent Muir graduate now 
working in the Dean's office, has 
been hired to work out these 
problems. Ledden believes that she 
should be able to get things moving 
in a positive direction. 

Ledden feels that college exists 
to provide intellectual growth and 
development, as opposed to 
preparing students for the job 
market. BecaWie of this, the in-
volvement of students with their 
faculty and school community is a 
definite bonus. " You'll only be in 
school once; make all that you can 
out of it." 

PSA tel Is 
ucSan 
buzz off 

?t J ) 
29t1lnes ~J /',' Headed for northern 
a day. ..' California (or L.A., Burbank, Long Beach, 

.~~.,., Ontario)? Call your campus rep or PSA and 
----- .. ~-- tell them you want to buzz off. PSA gives you a lift. 

Torrey Pines Office 
89:39 Villa La Jolla Drive 

Monday, October 8,1975 

Reliu;o togethers where profelSOl'S from -e .. n... various departments would meet 
. to discuss ~e moral and 

One of the major problems last . philosophical issues of the day. 
year was the issue of aggressive -
proselytizing. According to Bernie . Fuoded Throlllb DonatioDs 
Campbell, several Jewish students The Religious Affairs office is 
were upset because they felt ~urrenUy staffed by the pastors of 
overwhelmed by (be aggressive the various communities on 
proselytizing of certain Christian campus. In addition to Campbell 
groups. After a meeting last year and Atkinson. Father JoseDh 
between the various communities Young represents the Episco-
on campus, there was an palians and Reverend John Huber 
agreement that no religious group represents the Lutherans on 
would do any unsolicited campus. The office receives no 
doorknocking in the dorms. University monies but is funded 

Religious affairs also provides a 
meeting place for many of the 
groups on campWl. Last year it 

through donations and sublidies 
from the various denominations. 
The office is located at MC507. 

instituted a series of faculty get-
(Next: Religious Affairs' con-

ception otUCSD's problems.) 

Tas ~!!Ia!l eRell 
~~~ ono~Qt9tft 
_. . z_ 
10% off all cheeses 

. with student I 0 

··3·0··va·rletles··of·i"mp·o·rte·(j··B·e·e·r· 
over 300 types of Cheese 
If you're throwing a party, com~ see us-

the closest to campus 
459-3921 

.r. 


