
A ltudent Iookl over the reading lINIferial offered by the 
Groundwork Coilectivi on Muir Commonl. (Photo: Tad 
Sperry) 

Debate Over Black's Beach 
Continues Through Summer 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

The San Diego City Council established Black's Beach as a swimsuit 
optional area in May 1974. Since that time, San Diego, fonnerly regarded 
by some as a conservative navy town, has gained nation-wide pul)licity by 
having the only legally sanctioned nude beach in the United States. 
Recently, Black's Bf'.ach and proposals to establish more nude beaches 
have been the topics of much local con~oversy. 

Chnnges 
Improve Access 
for Disabl~d 

by Margaret Krueger 
Staff Writer 

"People need to become sen-
sitized to the handicapped student 
and his situation," explains Jim 
LeBrecht, co-chairman of the 
Chancellor's Advisory Committee 
on Handicapped Students. .. This 
year is really the first year of 
awareness. " 

Referring to UC San Diego's 
attitude toward its handicapped 
students, leBrecht went on to say 
that " things are improving." 

Black's Beach has been 
frequented by nude bathers since 
the 1920 s, but it was relatively 
unknown until it became an official 
nude bathing beach in 1974. ·Since 
then, the huge influx of visitors to 
Black's has brought on problems 
due to a lack of parking, access and 
sanitation facilities. 

Black's is surrounded by steep 
cliffs. The only access to it from 
the street is by a trail through Box 
Canyon. The parking facilities at 
the top in the La Jolla Farms area 
are inadequate for the large 
crowds that Black's attract. 
ConsequenUy, La Jolla Farms 
residents have made many 
complaints to the police about 
traffic problems as well as the 
conduct of beachgoers (I.e . o~ 
scene language and nudity) at the 
top of the cliffs. The beach's 
detractors claim that there is a 
high incidence' of lewd conduct and 
drug usage at Black's than at the 
other San Diego beaches. 

Facilities improved last year 
with the addition of ramps leading 
into the Cashier's Office, the 
Parking Services Office and the 
Third College Provost's Office. A 
plan is underway to install an 
elevator in Step II of the Student Lt. Boas, of the San Diego Police 
Center, now under construction. Department, who patrols Mission 
This replat!es a previously planned Beach, Pacific Beach, and La Jolla 
ramp from the first floor to the Shores as well as Black's, said, 
second. For the first time disabled "The number of offences (of drug 
students in wheelchairs will be usage and lewd conduct) are about 
able to reach the top level con- the same at Black's as at any other 
taining recreational facilities and beacb." Boas said that at the top, 
Student Services offices. • (the La Jolla Fanns area) the 

Expected improvements in the number fi arrests has increased 
future will be more designated since Black's became a nude 
parking spaces for disabled beach. He attributes this to the 
tudents and new directory signs fact that Black's has recently 

Wednesday, October I, If11 

'Imbalance'Limits UC San 
Diego to Two- Year Accreditation 

by Mark Stadler 
News editor 

UC San Diego had an 
unorganized administrative 
structure and a heavy imbalance 
between sciences and hwnanities 
in 1973, reported the accreditation 
team that visited thp. campus that 
year. 

The team, while " much im-
pressed with the hospitality, 
friendliness and frankness of 

faculty , students and ad-
ministration ," also criticized 
UCSD's self-study report as being 
" most inadequate and in-
complete. " 

UCSD was seeking a ten-year 
accreditation then; it received two 
years. 

This school year, UCSD is 
seeking its first ten-year ac-
creditation. A subcommittee, 
under the Program Review Board, 

Handbooks Detail 
Student Resources 

by Dan Weiss 
Staff Writer 

Responding to the need for more orderly methods of on-campus 
literature distribution and student organization, the student center will 
soon make available two new reference handbooks. 

For anyone wanting information on starting, funding and budgeting a 
student organization, an eighteen page booklet dealing exclusively with 
such problems is now available at the infonnation desk. 

According to Mark Bookman, student center director, a new group 
will often run into difficulties due to inattention to details such as getting 
the right approval for funds , or finding out too late that their proposed 
budget is similar to another organization's , 

"Time, Place, and Manner" is the unofficial description of the second 
booklet. It will designate the official policy for the use of all campus 
facilities , and will be available subject to final approval. 

Continued on Page 8 

Monday Night Meeting 

has been appointed to oversee the 
effort. 

The subcommittee, chaired by 
Manuel Rotenberg , acting dean of 
graduate students, will prepare a 
self-study report to be submitted 
by December to the Western 

Thi is the second part of a multi-
part series on accreditation and 
UC San Diego. The third in-
stallment will feature a report on 
UCSD's efforts to correct the faults 
that kept it from gaining a ten-year 
accreditation in 1973. 

Association of Schools and 
Colleges, the regional accrediting 
agency. 

That agency will send an ac-
crediting team to UCSD next April. 

Organization Always 
in Transition 

The report submitted by 1973's 
accrediting team stated that "it 
became quite clear that ad-
ministrative organization has 
been, and is, in a state of uncertain 
transition, which has become 
almost a way of life at the cam-
pus." 

The administration's self-stUdy 
Continued on Page 8 

Coop Goals D~cussed at First Meeting 
by Ran Anbar 
Staff Writer 

The Student Cooperative, at its 
meeting Monday ,discussed the 
philosophy of t~ organization, 
introduced some of the more active 
members and took care of routine 
business. 

In an introductory statement to 
the 60' students who attended the 
meeting ; chairperson Garrett 
Gruener stressed that this year's 
Coop will try to improve 01'1 what 
Gruener considers a successful 
1974-75 school year, Gruener 
stated that he views the Coop as a 
community congress with the aim 
to " ... Bring together interested 
people to discuss issues of the 
day. " , 

Always an Experiment 
Gruener asked that students 

become more involved in this 
year's Coop. The Coop will 
" ... Always be an experiment," he 
stated. The June 2, 1975 minutes 
wete approved following a brief 
debate about removal of the 
following excerpt from the record : 
, " Pandemoniwn reigned for a 
minute when California, a german 
shepard, tore through the crowded 
room, fresh from a mud bath. 
Order was restored with 
California's ejection and the 
meeting continued in a light 
mood." 

The Budget Resources Group 
(BRG) announced that it will 
present the Coop with its recom-
mendations the fourth week of the 
quarter. If the Coop rejects the 
budget, the BRG will review it, and 
re-present it the next week. This 
process will continue until the Coop 
approves the budget, announced 
the BRG. Mark Fing nnan an-
nounced that positions were open 
on all forty eight campus com-
mittees. 

Student Body Presidents Council representative Marco 
LiMandri explained the duties of the group to members of the 
student Coop at Monday's meeting. 

SBPC Meeting Here 
Marco LiMandri, one of the 

Coop's External Representatives 
(statewide ), gave a brief 
description of the Student Body 
President Council (SBPC) and 
commented on its shortcomings. 
These included inefficiency and too 
little power entrusted with the 
council. He announced he is going 
to vote in favor of an extensive 
reorganization of the council. 

LiMandri also announced that 
the SBPC will meet at UCSD on 
October 10, to vote on the ouster of 

two of their members from UCLA 
and Irvine. This procedure is 
being excercised for the first time 
in the SBPC's five-year history. 

Finally the Coop agreed to in-
vestigate the possibility of asking 
the University to declare Monday 
nights as " free nights" with no 
classes, so that students may have 
a better chance to attend Coop 
meetings 

The meeting concluded early 
after an lour and twenty minute , 
to convene again at 6: 30 pm next 
Monda 

Erratunr'.--~",,", 
On Page two of Monday's Triton Tim ,we Incon- Uy IdentJfi d a 

photograph of APIS prof or "ann AUven a Roger i\ . !le, 
profe sor and director meritus of Scrip In tituUon of 
Oceanography. 

Th Triton Times regrets thi error. 



letters to t e Editor 

The e Aren't Enough Metered Spaces 
Sad to say, it sr;ma that the 

University is $~crt of money 
again ; It has had to, as of late, 
resort to the most incredibly 
devious (as well as reprehen-
sible) methodolcgles of gaining 
revenue that I have encountered 
in my long and unesteemed 
undergraduate career. I refer to 
the maddening mechanism of 
motoristic manipulation that 
shall hereby be referred to as the 
Parking Service Ogre, or PSO. 

Just the other day, about 12: 30, 
I arrived at schooi, innocent and 

in my hindsight, remarkably 
foolish . For I had made the 

ridiculo~ mistake of taking a 
borroWed car, and - get this -
assuming I could find an 
available parking meter to act as 
a repository for my ample and 
eager supply of coins. My specifiC 
intentions were to deliver these 
tired souls unto their final resting 
place. But the PSO had already 
made efforts to foil me in ad-
vance. 

For in a tour of none less than 
nine parking lots, I was to fma 

$1 Personals:Gerrymandering 
It has come to my attention that personals in the Triton Times now cost 

$1. ~.has got to be one of the most bozo things the paper has ever done. 
It 15 mcomprehensible to me that the " powers that be" deemed it 
nec~ry to ra~ the price to a nearly unaffordable level, effectively 
ca';1Smg the denuse of one of the most entertaining elements or the paper. 
It 15 very doubtful that the increase is due to any national inflationary 
tre.nds (or ~er double talk) . More likely, the paper decided to get rich 
qUick and capitalize on the popularity or the column. 

I . demand an explanation to this ridiculous journalistic gerryman-
dermg. 

l)A VID HORWI'M' 

Gun Control First Step 
Toward Crime Control 

By Craig UchJcbt million nine-story marble building 
Editorial director the NRA has watered down or' 

Sara Jane Moore, a 45-year-old completely stopped passage of 
" radical activist" is in San Diego numerous bills. 
underg?in~ psychiatric tests to Following the John Kennedy 
determme if she can stand trial for assassinat ion, state legislatures 
an attempt to assassinate the considered 189 firearms bills only 
President of the United States. to have them all rejected. From 

"Squeaky" Fromme hl\S 1965-66 out of the 500 bills In-
I ,,1"p<I,lu been arraigned for the troduced in state legislatures only 
same offense. one, in New Jersey, passed. 

H~d a San Francisco cop been Although the NRA cannot take 
lookmg the other way he might not credit for all such non-legislation 
ha.ve. seen an extended arm their pressure through dollars and 
pomtmg a gun at Gerald Ford, or if numbers certainly helped. 
Squeaky Fromme had known the Mter the Martin Luther King 

and Robert Kennedy 
assassinations, Congress finally 
passed the 1968 Gun Control Act. 
Unfortunately, the law had nothing 
to do With the guns used to kill 
either man. 

The original law was passed to 
control handguns after King had 
been killed with a rifle. Then it was 

chanisms of a .45 army repealed and repassed to include 
automatic, Nelson Rockefeller the control of rifles and shotguns 
would be sitting in the Oval Office after Bobby was killed with a 
today. handgun. 

Unfortunately, it seems that The 1968 Act did outlaw the 
America rbins asleep when importation of foreign Saturday 
faced with the problem of con- Night Specials (cheap handguns 
trolling the selling, distribution available anywhere) but did not 
and registration of firearms. She embargo the parts for them. Thus 
will reawaken when yet another gun mercha;}ts import the parts, 
President or prominent politician putting as many as two million 
is gunned down, only to fall Into a assembled Specials on the market 
deeper slumber a few months each year. 
later. Gun legislation is clearly The time has now come for 
necessary. Congress must take Congress to act affinnatively on 
firm action. effective gun control legislation . 

To the National Rifle Association Currently, the Ford 
(NRA), hunters, target sh09ters Administration has brought to the 
and collectors, however, it would Congress legislation that "limits 
be un-American to regulate guns. proliferation of handguns affecting 
For it states in the Constitution, as guns dealers." The bill would 
a matter of fact in the Bill of change laws on issuances of 
Rights, " A well regulated militia licenses to gun dealers, drastically 
being necessary to the security of ~ limiting the number issued each 
free state, the right of the people to year. 
keep and bear arms, shall not be The Administration hopes to 
infringed." Altboqgh the Supreme reduce to 40,000 from 156,000 the 
Court has deternihed that this has number of persons who can sell 
nothing to (0 with private guns. This would weed out those 
ownership of g'ms and only deals who do not carefully check 

;;!~~ ~i:f~~~~; ~!~~t~~~ a militia, 
Even when Congress attempwt! 

to outlaw subrnachine guns, the 
NRA challengl!d them with the 
belief that it ~ a the right of all 
Americans to aw one. And in the 
1960s when tazookas, antitank 
guns and mOrUrs were threatened 
with restriction, the hunters, 
collectors, etc., said it was every 
American's right to blow up a credentials of gun purchasers. 
trUCk. or ~ouse. if he so desired. More importantly, the bill will 
Such 15 their logiC. focus on banning the manufac-

The NRA, possibly the most turing and sale of the Saturday 
powerful lobby in Washington, has NightSpecial. 
detennined to halt any and all such If this bill is all that it says it will 
leglslation . Speaking from its $3.5 ' L--~~ ................. ____ '::""' ...................... ~-!.:....!... o.atm.utd~~ ... ~ • 

nary a port In which to dock my 
by-now - impatient vehicle. TIme 
was now fleeting, and at this 
point I had no choice: Topology is 
just too much of a bitch of a class 
to mi~ over a stupid parking 
spot. After all, I had done my 
best. I had gone through five lots 
ranging from Revelle to Muir' 
but time had run out. I deHvered 
myself to class in a fast frantic. 

WeU, the rest is not difficult to 
guess, I am sure. One hour later I 
was back and the PSO h8d left me 
a greeting card in appreciation of 
my new $4 donation to their 
funds, payable within 10 days or 
it becomes $10. 

There are simply not enough 
pay meters on campus. 

JAMESB. FAHYIII 

Tom Tanana 

Just One 
Individual 

by John H. TayJor 
Editor-Jn-ebJef 

It appears that Tom 'anana - a 
disciple of a political philosophy 
that exults individuality above all 
else ....:. has been condemned by the 
Young Americans for Freedom for 
being too much of an individual. 

Many of the allegations made 
against him before YAF's 
executive board last month have 
yet to be fully tested, but one fact is 
more than clear - Tanana's major 
sin, as viewed by his YAF 
colleagues, was to buck an 
organization he felt had become 
bogged down wi~ infighting and 
bureaucratic manueverings and 
had lost sight of the sense or In-
dividual activism and conunitment 
for which Thnana has become so 
famous at UC San Diego. 

This is not to say that his ac-
tivities have been popular or a~ 
proved of, by me or by many 
community members. He has often 
acted unethically, and sometimes 
forgets to respect the views and 
conunitments of those he opposes. 

There are several examples of 
the latter. Tanana's much-
publicized giveaway of non-United 
Farm Workers lettuce last year 
was an affront to the dignity and 
belief of individuals who were 
concerned with the situation of the 
nation's fieldworkers, and was no 
valid replacement for debate or 
discussion of the issues. And often 
his activities in the Student 
Cooperative last year were un-
sympathetic to the goals of people 
who wanted the Coop to become a 
legitimate, responsive organ of the 
students here. These kinds of 
pursuits have made Tanana into a 
kind of dark, monstrous villain in 
some campus political circles, and 
that is too bad. Every community 
must have respectable spokesmen 
from every political corner, and 
the smaller percentage of actioJlS 
that were not constructive have 
lessened Tanana 's E'ffectiveness 
the many times he has tried to 
engage in more thoughtful debate 
and discussion. Indeed, by last 
spring the rotating chairpersons of 
the Coop were by and large openly 
reluctant to even recognize 
Tanana, and were antagonistic 
toward him when they did. And 
when one side is silenced - because 
people effectively no longer listen 
to its spokesmen - everyone else 
will become sloppy in their 
thinking by forgetting other per-
spectives - in this case, the con-
servative ones. 

Part of the problem may have 
been that the spokesmen was 
always Tanana, leading many .to 
believe he is the only fervent 
conservative on campus. That 

Wednelday, OCtober 1,1971 

TRB 
Alice. 'in Welfareland 

"Whom God hath joined together," warns the Bible majestically "let 
no man put asunder!" Nonsense, says the $l30-billloo-a-year federal 
welfare system-we are putting tens of thousands of husbands and wives 
asunder every month. 

You can't believe It; how is It done? Simple enough by paying a 
disruptive "desertion bonus" to a poor man who knows that the family 
gets more without him than with him. 
. "The subcommittee found," a House committee under Martha Grif-

fiths, reported last December, "that in July, 1972 a man with a wife and 
two children who worked at $2 an hour could increase the income of his 
family by an average of $2,158 annually by deserting them." 

Yes, smce 1969 the proportion of families without a father has risen 50 
pe~ent. It now constitutes a majOrity of poor families with children. An 
aCCident? N~ a"ccording to the evidence. The arrant neglect of the male-
h~ded farrulies, and the poor devil of a husband trvin~ to supPOrt his 
children at low wages full time "appear to have created" (their em-
"hasis) "more female-headed families with children." . 
. If one thing cries for refonn today in Washington it is the tQlHleavy 
mcome secuntY-w.('~a~ ~ystem. It is a horrifying mess. Social security 
faces a funding CnslS; It IS stretched too thin, giving out more than it is 
taking in. The $6 billion-a-year food stamp program with 19 million 
participants may have slowed down but, on the other hand unpublished 
theoretical studies indIcate that by next year 50 million Americans will be 
eligible, costing $10 billion in the Bicentennial year if they all apply 
(which of course they won't). 

!h~re are already 62 separate aid programs and Congress keeps 
thi~mg ~p new g~dgets for the crazy structure piecemeal, categorical 
goodies like: housmg allowance, transportation stamps for the elderly clo~in~ vouchers and fuel coUpons for the poor - anything but cash. Yo~ 
can t give cash to poor people; they might know better what they need 
than the government. Let tnem have food smmps and stand in line' 

Somebody said a camel looks like an animal shaped by a co~ttee· 
the American security program is shaped by 21 conunittees of Congress' 
50 state. legislatures a~d 1500 county welfare departments . It started as ~ 
!og cabin and turned mto a skyscraper with the log cabin architecturally 
mcorporated. 

It. started ~ years ago, when Franklin Roosevelt signed the original 
SocI~1 Security Act, August 14, 1935, embracing only two programs, old 
age Insurance and unemployment insurance. America was far behind 
other . large industrial nation~ in welfare then and it is today; we are 
practically the only one left Wlthout national health insurance (urged by 
~u~an and defeated by the American Medical Association) . The dif-
flcultles of progress have never been more visible than in the failure to 
streamline and hannonize the fragmented parts in 40 years. 

A lot?f poor families make a net gain in income of a couple of thousand 
dollars if the father deserts. Then the mother is eligible for extra benefits 
- nontaxable ones. Here's the typical comment of a caseworker in 
Georgia : " My first criticism is that we run the able-bodied fathers out of 
the home; they are underemployed, underpaid, and in order for the 

~amily to survive the father has to leave home. And now we are spending 
Just about 50 percent of our time trying to find these fathers whom we 
have run out of their homes." . 

It's funny in a cruel way. A working man in Detroit must earn $7350 
gross . to ha~e the equivalent of the relief, food and average medical 

~nehts available to his wife and three children on welfare. As bread-
winner he has to pay social security taxes; on relief she doesn't. She is 
tempted to get a j~b. But tests in New York, Chicago, Atlanta and Los 
Angeles show that If she has three children and works at medium wage 
she earns less tha~ she woul~ on welfare. She pays $325 in social security 
taxes; about $125 m federal mcome taxes and close to $800 in work ex-
penses (bus fare and somebody to look after the kids). She stays on relief. 

Should the srstem. be abol~hed? Of course not! If there is one thing that 
has kept the lid on m A.merlca 'so ~orst recession it is unemployment In-
surance, food stamps, 8ld to farrulres with dependent children and all the 

r~st. But it is preposterous not t{) harmonize overlapping programs; they 
give poor value for money. 

The subject is a particular thorn for Republicans. Alf Landon called 
" FOR's plan a "cruel hoax"; a fraud on the working man." He carried 
only two states. President Ford, as he rambles about the country, telling 
us to take g?vernment out of government, is aware of the problem. He 
told an audience (Chicago, August 31) that "there has to be a total 

rev~ping of welfare program." Correct, splendid; and he is a com-
passIOnate man who twice voted in the House for Nixon's still-born 
Fa~ily Assistance Program. But when he gets before a Republican 
audience (Dallas, Sept 13) he says "social programs literally threaten 
our whole economy" and that he will use the veto "again and again and 
again." A black woman in St. Louis asked if he had any new social 
programs to help the poor? He replied (Sept. 12) that what would help 
more would be a healthy economy-the tax base would expand and 
everyone would be better off. Sometimes he's for refonn ' sometimes for 
business revival. ' 

Studies show that a lot of people who need aid most aren't getting it . 
Geographical inequalities defy rationality . Maximum AFCD payments 

l:ontinued on Page 8 

Mark Woelber 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
New. editor 

CraJa Uchida 
Editorial diftetor 

Sara S. Lowen 
CommanJty editor 

DaveEJsen 
Sport. editor 

uc _~ 

Jobo H. Taylor 
Edftor·iD-cbJef 

Welldy £aIle 
, .......... , .~~~.~ •• er 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

AnneUebler 
CopyecUtor 

Rick Rodewald 
Ballae .. Ma_ger 

Dame) Sbawler 
ArtatdltGr 

Tad Sperry 
Photo editor 

, 

o,t". t""'t . ' 1 

Wednesday, October 1, 1975 

Response of Administration 

GSU. Member Dis~usses 'Poverty of Philosophy' 
by Jim Kavanaugh 

Administration Response to GSU s 
first t!eman": 

"The campus administration has 
stated that this demand is 
unrealistic both philosophically 
and fiscally . On the pbDoaopblcal 
side, we reject the premise that 
every graduate student by right 
should receive the equivalent of a 
50% TA'ship ($4,707/9 months) 
whether teaching or not. We fully 
encourage graduate students who 
are needy to utilize the broad range 
of loans and grants available to 
them. Additionally, we make a 
strong case every year for more 
TA support to carry out the un-
dergraduate teaching program. 
Finally, if the' issue if assigning all 
Ta'ships at tbe 50% level rather 
than at some lower percentage, 
than many students will not be 
TA's at all. In departments with 

shaken by this overwhelming 
display of pure reason on the part 
of an anonymous Administration 
savant. Imagine my dismay at 
discovering that our first demand 
was - horrors! - phnosophicaUy 
unsound. How, I thought, can the 
GSU ever hope to win the hearts 
and minds of the UCSD c0m-
munity, when the Administration 
can produce such dazzling feats of 
logic and ethics in a mere memo -
an "In-house document" off-
handedly distributed as a press-
release? After consulting my local 
metaphysician, however, I 
realized that the Administration 
will have to produce better 
philosophy for the members of the 
University than it does for Action 
News. And I thought the members 
of the University should get a 
chance to see the administrative 
mind so profoundly at work, and 
judge for themselves how - in the 
hands of the powerful at least - a 
little knowledge can be a very 

in a month. We will simply' note 
that the GSU never as.ked that 
every graduate student receive a 
salary, " whether teaching or not." 
I read quite clearly on p . 7 or the 
GSU presentation, that this first 
demand is not a request for a dole, 
but a request that the University 
allow graduate students who do not 
have funds from other sources to 
do the work that needs to be done at 
UCSD. 

The administration should talk to the 
undergraduates, who know there is more 
to UCSD than it admits in its philosophy. 

If the Administration needs to be 
persuaded that there is plenty or 
work to be done, it should take to 
some of the undergraduates on this 
campus, who know quite well that 
there is more to UCSD than it 
admits in its philosophy. The 
Administration should talk to the 
scores of undergraduates who 
were refused admittance into 
Language courses because there 
weren't enough sections. Or it 
should talk to the exchange student 
who finds herself 34th on a waiting 
list for a required, prerequisite 
course with a studenVTA ratio or 
99: 1. Or to the 60 students who will 
be crowded into Math section. Or to 
the girl who won't come back to her 
Biology section of 40 plus because 
she got tired of holding her hand in 
the air for half-an-hour. These 
students know that the GSU is not 
'asking for welfare, but for a 
chance to do the teaching job that 
has to be done on a growing 
campus. The GSU's proposal is so · 
far from a dole, that even if every 
graduate student who was not 
funded adequately from other 
sources were given a job as a TA, 
there would probably still not be 
enough T A's to do all the teaching 
work that undergraduate 
education demands at UCSD. 

relatively high numbers of 
graduate students and low num-
bers of undergraduates, the choice 
has been made to give all graduate 
students a partial TA'ship rather 
than fund a few at the 50% level. 
While this may not be the most 
desireable arrangement for some 
it is certainly the most equitable. 

" In fiscal terms, this demand is 
equally unrealistic ... " 

As a member of the GSU, I found 
my faith in our demands severaly 

dangerous thing. 
Let us take, for example, the 

first administrative blow to the 
midsection of the GSU demand, as 
given in the second sentence of the 
above. We will place aside for the 
moment the utterly hypocritical 
self-righteousness with which a top 
Administrator (salary : $44,000 
plusl12 months) takes upon 
himself the right to detennine that 
graduate students and their 
families do not deserve to taJre 
home as much in a year as he does This proposal, furthennore, is 

Super comfort. Here's the 
style you can't argue with! 
Soft flexible leather w ith 
just-the-right wedge 
on top of a soft layer of 
crepe sole. 

"BECKY" 
523 

"PEANUTS" 523 

Super leather handbags 
are available at Streicher's 
to go well together with sporty shoos 
Great selection to choose from STREICHER'S CHARGE BANKAMERICARD 

MASTER CHARGE 

454-0731 

7837 GIRARD LA JOLLA 

not only " fiscally realistic" but, in 
terms of the University of 
California, it is fiscally trivlal. The 
GSU has made an irrefutable cllSe 
for this, and the Chancellor's own 
estimate of the expense involved is 
25% lower than the "GSU's. The 
GSU has even shown where this 
money can come from : it did not 
hesitate, and should not shrink 
from repeating, that part of the 
money, at least, should come out of 
Administrators' own double-knit 
pockets in the form of frozen 
salaries and elimination of sulr 
sidized luxuries. This position Is 
philosophically, ethically and 
politically correct beca~se it 
comes from the oppressed group in 
the situation as an attempt to 
create a new arrangement, which, 
while it may not be the most 
desirable for some administrators, 
is really and concretely (rather 
than phiiosOflhically) the most 
equitable for everybody else. The 
GSU, of course, should fully en-
courage administrators who are 
needy to utilize the broad range of 
loans, grants, and other special 
privileges which would remain 
available to them. 

The further attempt of the 
Administration's house 
philosopher to beat the GSU over 
the head with the stick of equality 
is an additional insult . That " most 
equitable" solution of spreading 
the poverty around in equal doses 
among graduate students in cer-
tain departments is an awfully 
bitter pill to swallow, especially 
when administered by a 
bureaucrat whose financial intake 
is all cotton candy and ice cream. 
No, the GSU should not consider 
"the most desireable 
arrangement" to be one in which 
all students in some deDartments 

rue an equally slow dl -.t.h, while 
onlooking administ ra tors pat 
themselves on their t:thical backs 
for being so damned 
philosophically right in resisting 
the onslaught of this latest horde of 
barbarian chiselers. 

In the end, I resent and reject the 
. Administration's surprisingly 
blatant attempt to justify its 
starvation tactics 'by trying to cast 
the graduate studt:nt victims in 
this situation as somehow 
philosophically responsible for 
lJ.~lr own suffering. No matter how 
the Administration tries to frame 
its actions wi thin some kipcJ of 
ethical imperative, no matter what 
kind of self-righteous posture it 
strikes, it is the Administration 
itself which chooses not to employ 
graduate students who need jobs, 
and in so doing chooses to allow 
undergraduate education to 
continue to deteriorate at UCSD. 
Graduate students can't eat, and 
undergraduates can't get credit 
for, the Administration's 
phill!Sophical good intentions. It 
will take something more concrete 
to solve the growing educational 
crisis at UCSD. 

It seems to me that the 
anonymous author of this 
" Administration Response" could 
profit from some introductory 
courses in the Philosophy 
Department. Then again , he may 
as well not bother, since he'll 
probably find all the courses closed 
for lack of teaching personnel. In 
lieu of this, r offer a quote, which 
our Administration Aristotle might 
do well to study and ponder: " The 
philosophers have only interpreted 
the world in various ways ; the 
point, however, is to change it." 

IT'S TIME TO THINK ABOUT 
TOMORROW 

School won't last forever. Before you know it -
graduation. You'll be out of the shell and starting off 
on your professional or business career. 

Often, irisn't easy. Always, it costs money. 
And there's nothing like a little nest-egg to help 

you over the early humps. 
That's why - right now - you should be saving 

at friendly La 10lla Federal. We ~ay the highest interest 
allowed by law - thus assuring that your money 
will grow at a. surprisingly fast clip. 

Your account's insured to $20.000. And your 
money's available immediately in case of suddeo need. 
Start saving for tomorrow - today. At friendly, 
dependable La 10lla Federal. 

We'll help you save for a sunny day. 

Ia ~ federd 11OP~ ,,!ALl STREET ~ AND LOUI..-oaA1IDN -~ 
OtIItr offices .1 3495 Sports Arllll IMI .• s.n Dlt,o, 
till CIII!IIO ROICI, Sprillc Vallty, 706 Sout~ Mlin SIr"!. F.llbtwl.. 
2117 "nmllt Aft" C.nlilf-by·tfIe.St. 



Pale lOW' 

Atl Large: John H. Taylor 
Pop.&.~ ..... Squeaks Through 

Samuel PQpkjo, w 
in both .. ceara 
weaUtered his first 1 

appointment to Ute faculty baa sparked bruhaha 
cations and y,olltical science ranks, last week 

. It was tou~by for a ment, though. 
"We don't want eny trouble here," muttered one political science 

student, who referred to Ute decision last year not to grant tenure to 
Dennis Pirages, one of the department's Uten most respected members. 
"We don't want a t'unch of big names coming in here just to make UCSD 
loot good." 

Popkin claimed Ignorance of the Pirages controversy, having been 
stationed in Texas at the time, and added that he wasn't a 'big name', 
anyway. 

He said he had taught at both Harvard and Yale, but hadn't learned 
anything about teaching and students until he got to the University of 
Texas. Now, presumably, he knows what he's doing, although he clearly 
didn't expect to be tackled so abrupUy at his first UCSD lecture. 

Someone even asked him to comment about the recent school board 
election and the conditions in South Bay schools. 

" You mean in San Francisco," he said. 
"San Diego bay," she said. 
We realized we were in trouble when he noted that there were not 

enough books in the bookstore to go around, but that the first volwne 
could be found in "any good bookstore in the area." 

In Cambridge and New Haven, we hear, they have good bookstores. 
(No reports from Texas. ) However, someone ought to teU him that aside 
from Pickwick's in La Jolla, whose selection can only be termed 
amusing, and the store near the Unicorn that sells nothing but books 
about massage on the beach, the only places to buy books within 
reasonable driving range are in PB where the guy with no teeth points 
you to the rack with selections like "Bizarre Sex Crimes" and " Torrid 
Wench." 

And down the street the lady blinks from behind six-inch eyelashes and 
says, "Selling of the President? Oh, we don't have that - that's a very old 
book, you know. " 

What they got? Jaws, Making of Jaws, Descent of Jaws into Hell. You 
can try the supermarkets, Dr. Popkin, but that would be too depressing. 

A hard core of skeptics in the back of the undergraduate science 
building room continued the grilling. He has worked for McGovern, for at 
least two New Left points. He was thrown in jail for a week for refUsing to 
testify before the grand jury investigating Daniel EUsberg, "my friend." 
A score of New Left points. 

I The skeptics are now murmurring "right-{)n" and nodding furiously . 
He's ahead. 

Popkin also manages to duck an insistent question about the 
assasination of Robert Kennedy, explaining to the Inquisitor that a 
determination as to who puUed the various triggers in the last 1l years 
was not relevant to the outcome of elections - only the facts of the deatns 
were, the latter being nondebatable. 

Popkin also sufficiently maligned Nixon, Ford, et. al., managing to 
pass the Ideology test. However, he has yet to encounter, at least in this 
class, the communications students who so vocally opposed his proposed 
appointment next year as coordinator of their department. 

He has been accused of planning to de-emphasise the media study of the 
prograI1l - a strange thing to do, considering the name of the program -
so that we wiu no longer be able to study the effects of toilet paper 
commercials on the sexual preferences of the proletariate. 

Additionally, Popkin has been accused of conducting research into 
USSR inteUigence systems for the government, an act which, in the eyes 
of those whose lives are as yet uncluttered by reality, would be-like 
wearing pasties to a Republican Ladies Tea. In any case, it would cer-
tainly cancel his 22 points. 

And to the students who-are unable to find his first assigned book at any 
bookstore west of El Centro, he's a little behind. But he has already 
gained the respect of a few Hunter Thompson zealots who are amazed to 
see t~e stuff they read in Rollirig Stone actuaUy taught, and he has 
proJDlSed to " make trmIbk" 

$5 $5 
Get help on your book purchase and at the same time 
learn how to read them faster and with more 
comprehension. Sign up at the University Bookstore 
for the R'EAD'S' Rapid Reading workshop by this, 
Friday and get a gift certificate for five dollars to the 
store. See us at the store or a or call 488·9162 

$5 
R.E.A.D.S. America's largest 

all·University reading program $5 
rUS>'·~~~~~~~, ~ .: ... Mic~aeI's ~ 
i . ' P1aI1ts & Parties 4 

~ . ·Wideof 3eeeeulll( ~ 9JUloM ~ 
i p~, 9ftl#JoJded B~km, S~,~ 
P efe. ~ 
e at .ca 90& ~ 

7467 Fay Ave . I La Jolla ~ 
~ Parking in Rear 454-2~ 
Il...oft~..aft~~~~~~~ 

• r'.oll •• Oil'S Wednesday, October l,l97~ 
Today and Friday 

Activities Coordinator Interviews Set 
by Mark Stadler 

NewlEditor 
Applicants for the newly-<:reated 

post of Student Activities Coor-
dinator will be interviewed today 
and Friday from 2:30 to 3:30 pm in 
the second floor of the Student 
Center. 

Any UC San Diego student can 
participate in Ute interviews; 
representatives of the various 
student organizations wiu be 
present. 

The Coordinator, according to 
Mark Bookman, director . of the 
student center, wiu work with him 
to advise student groups about 
rules and regulations, and help 
them accomplish their goals and 
objectives. 

Volunteer Center 
In addition , the Coordinator will 

be charged with creating a 
Volunteer Center on campus to 
inform students about volunteer 
job openings in the community and 

The Trilon Times I, recognized by It •• 
Communications Board of UCSD "' .... 
official sludent newspeper. Publicilion 
Is on Mondays. Wednesday s and FridlYS 
during lhe. regular school y .. r lexcept 
on ollicial holldaysl . Edltorlll end 
business offices are located In 117 Bf.ke 
Hall on Ihe Revelle College c .... pu., 
University 01 California. Sin Diego . 

Le"er. 10 the Editor and opinion 
columns ara welcomed. All submlilloni 
should ba typed on a 74, splce II". on 
non erasa ble paper. The y should not 
exceed Ihree pege. In length doubl .. 
spaced. The Triton Times r_MIS the 
right 10 edit submissions because 01 
spacelimlt.llons or type requlrementl . 

For editorial ; call 452· 3466; 'or 
business and display advertis.mentl. 
cell 452·3468. 

to place them in those positions. 
The post is included in the 

student Center's Long Range Plan, 
and Bookman requested funding 
for it last year. 

A Search Committee, composed 
of five faculty and staff members 
and four students, sent out ad-
vertisements for the job, then did 
the preliminary interviewing of 
candidates. 

On Wednesday and Friday Ute 

Socialist Lecture 
Mark Schneider, a member of 

the Socialist Worker's Party, wiU 
give a lecture tonight at 7:30 in the 
student Center on Socialism and 
the possibility of Socialism in the 
United States. 

Schneider wiD also give the 
Marxist view of critical problems 
in the US and abroad. The event is 
sponsored by the Young Socialists 
Alliance. 

Naval Air Show 
The Navy's newest high per-

formance fighter plime, the F-14 
Tomcat will perform for an 
audience for the first time in San 
Diego during Ute Miramar Naval 

six to eight remaining nominees 
will be screened, and the in-
terviewers will sent their 
recommendations to the Advisory 
Committee on Student Fee 
Programs. 

The Advisory Committee will 
make the final recommendation to 
Bookman, who makes Ute actual 
decision, subject to Vice Chan-
ceUor of Student Affairs George 
Murphy's approval. 

Air Station Air Show, October 4th 
and 5th. 

Other acts included' in this years 
NAS Miramar Air Show will be Art 
SchoU, Carolyn Salisbury, Wing 
Walkers - Hughes and McCall, the 
Red Knights, the Navy Parachute 
Team and the Blue Angels. 
Admission to the Air Show is free, 
with gates opening at 9:00 am both 
days. Bleacher seats are available 
for $1.25, with special parking 
costing $1.00 

North County Fair 
The North County Fair wiu open 

Oct. 24 for a three-day run (10 a .m. 
to 10 p.m.) in the Bing Crosby Hall. 

According to Pearl R. Land, fair 
ContinnM nn PAp''' 7 

. Your sJtoa are tI7 .. .. 
to teD 3JOII SOI.lIIthIJ .. . 

Look at a pair you've lived with for a while and you'll see two things. 
The heels have worn thin. 
The sales have become comfortably curved. 
Your shoes are actually trying to become Roots·. 
Roots' slim heel and rocker sole are made for 
the way you were born to walk , which helps ~ 
make them wildly comfortable. "'~~."'~ 
And Roots are made in Toronto of top·grain .... ----
Ca nadian leather, which helps make them 
beautiful. 
Listen to your shoes. Have a chat with your feet. 
Then come see us and try a pair of Roots. 
You'll find them (in more than a dozen styles) ' k ~~ ... 
only in the Roots store.RootS " .... _ 

-- ... ---

• "Be kfMd la/eeL T"eyournum~peopletwo toooe." 

., Costa Mesa South Coast Plaza -3333 Bristol Street- (714) 540·3336 
~ Wo". 1218_5''''- (7141459.5000 

los Angeles - 10909 KinrQ<;s Aven.:e (I block west o[V,btwood Blvd.) - (213) 47R 0101 
-- Malibu - 38.35 Cross Creek Road (In the Malibu Count'Y Mart) - (213) 456·2444 

Medical Students 
and Physi~ians 

U .5. Navy Balboa Hospital 
, '. 

'Open House" celebrattng the 
200th B'irthday 

Friday, Oct. 10,1975 10am-1pm at 
Balboa Naval Hospital, San Diego 

CENTER PATIO 
OF THE HOSPITAL 

We Uwi1e ycm f4 be 8Wl guaq at flee eeeeMafirm. 

THE SURFACE OF EARTH 
By Reynolds PrIce 
At~neum, ,10.95, 491 pp. 

This novel, the most ambitious yet by a man already regarded as " the 
legitimate heir of the great Southern writers" (to quote... Theodore 
Solotaroff), was some 12 years in the making and, of course, was destined 
to be a literary "event" long before it appeared. To be talented and 
Southern-more important , to work within a " tradition"-are three 
qualities few critics can resist, and certainly sales of this magnum opus 
will benefit thereby. . 

Yet how unlike a " Southern" novel this is! Where is the tortuous 
rhetorical mastery of Faulkner? Price's style is gracefully unobtrus ive. 
The frenzied introspection of Wolfe? Price speaks with an Irllniscient 
voice but remains firmly outside his fictional world. The fragmented 
tableaux of Eudora Welty ? Price has sustained a narrative, tightly 
drawn and closely interwoven, for almost 500 pages. 

U we must find " origins" for Reynolds Price, perhaps we should look to 
the 19th century instead. This is an historical saga-although it has little 
to do with " history" as we traditionally understand it-and it is a family 
chronicle. The most important events in the book are births, marriages, 
visits, partings, returns. We could more easily compare it to " Mid-
dlemarch" or to " Pride and Prejudice," to use two extreme examples, 
than to the respected " Southern" works of the 20th century. 

This is no grand panorama, however, nor a social docwnentary . The 
"action" of the novel-enthralling, deeply felt though it is-could be 
adeq uately summarized within the space of this review. Wars are fought 
(time-span is 1903 to 1944 ), but they are felt instead of seen. (Stuttering 
radio reports, the dreams of those who barely imagine the sha red sense of 
agony across the ocean-these are all we need. ) Dea ths occur but the 
deathbed only rarely (and then not at first-hand ). In one pivotal scene, 
we witness only the first moment after death : Price seizes on the 
essential element-the denouement, the effect on others. 

But fina lly-and this is where Price most clearly resembles his Vic-
torian predecessors-this is a novel of character. Two families, the 
Mayfie lds and the Kendals, are strangely but irrevocably intertwined. 
The lives of some 30 characters ebb and flow in a perpetual movement 
towa rd the inescapable knowledge of their mortality. "We 're the history 
of the world," says Kennerly Kendal , somewhat bitterly. "Nothing one 
bit unusual in any of our lives." 

There is something unusual, though, about Price's talent for portraying 
those lives. His ability to capture the mystery of their joinings and 
partings-the realization that union requires a denial as well as an af· 
firmation-this is an achievement that should las t beyond his yea rs. 
J . B. 

CRAZY SALAD 
Some Things About Women 

By Nora Ephron 
Knopf , $7.95, 201 pp. 

If ever a movement needed comic relief, Women's r .iberation does-and 
ora Ephron, like Shakespeare, knows how to provide it without strayi ng 

from the central issues of the drama. "Crazy Salad," her contribution to 
the cause, is an a ppetiz ing collection of thoughts about women-their 
problems, achievements and delusions. 

Though a firm supporter of the movement, Ms. Ephron doesn't hesitate 
Continued on Page S' 

Is now acceptIng men and 
women who have a 
minimum of Two Years of 
Acceptable College Credits 
(60 units). 

Provisional Accredi-
tation granted by the 
Californlii Committee of 
Bar Examiners. 
The J.D. or LL.B. degree 
can be earned in 2112-3 
years of full-time law 
study (15-16 classroom 
hours per week), or in 
3112 -4 years of part-tIme 
attendance (3 classes 
per week; 3-4 hours per 
class). 
Graduates are eligible to 
take the Cal iforn ia State 
Bar Examination. 

Call or Write Today for more Information or Catalog. 
The Westecn State UniverSity Building 
1333 Front Street. San Diego, 92101 

(714) 232-6506 

At Catamaran 

Gillespie 
Sails 

By StCVl' Esmedina 
Staff Writer 

If longevity is any measure of a 
musician's creative range, then 
Dizzy Gillcspie has certainly 
earned his " legendary' · status. 
His s tint las t week at the 
Catamaran was a pl easant 
reminder of his thirty years as a 
stimulating, provoca t ive jazz 
player. As many of the paragons of 
jazz~rock such as Donald Byrd and 
Herbie Hancock seem to be 
wandering further into premature 
senility, it is gratifying to hea r how 
little, if any, Gillespie has 
diminished in performing vitality . 

Gillespie's sets were completely 
loose , open-endrd and r elaxed. 
The delicate forc!.' of hiS obligatos. 
pinched notes, and upper register 
flails kept matters on a con-
sistently invigorating level. Unlike 
some of his newer contemporaries, 
Gillespie doesn't straddle the 
arbitrary line between artist and 
entertainer. He is a solid 
musician, who, by the strength of 
impeccable arrangements, keeps 
his audiences delighted. His art is 
his e ntertainment. That's why 
the re is never any sense of con-
descension or overreaching in his 
performances . Cill sp.ie has never 
had to radically alter his style or 
" adapt" to the lill lCS. The 
structural changes of his music are 
cosmetic . . His rhythms might be 
more electrica By funky these days , 
but there has been no slackening of 
improvisational capabilitites. The 
minor stylistic adjustments in 
Gillespie's music have not resulted 
in anything approaching com-
mercia l "sell-out. " 

At the Catamaran, everything 
fell into place. Gillespie's solos 
were alter nately brief and 
elongated, restrained and fevered . 
His rhythm section percolated 
danceably. Guitarist Al Gafa 
inserted mild soul figures in and 
out of his leader's own solos. The 
musicians paced the sets crisply, 
swaying deftly away from cliches, 
and keeping a light rein on 
channeled spontancity . The 
dynamic rendition of Gillespie's 
classic, "A Night'in :tunisia" was 
the capsule example of this 
musician's charm, energy, in-
tegrity, instrumental range, and 
stylistic taste. • 

" A journalist is a grumbler, a 
censurer, a giver of advice, a 
regent of sovereigns, a tutor of 
nations. Four hostile 
newspapers are more to be 
feared than a thousand 
bayonets ." 

Napoleon Bonaparte 

~"ge five 

Dizzy Gillespie 

Film 

'Farewell, My Lovely' 
In contrast to the recent haughty detective thrillers, " Farewell My 

Lovely" stands out as the first open and deliberate exercise in nostalgia . 
Dick Richards' recreation of the forties ' film noir atmosphere is pain-
stakingly scrupulous, even slavish. It revels in its own romantic sense of 
private-eye iconography. It seeks to revere Raymond Chandler, rather 
than ca mp him up or debunk him. In that snese, it is an unabashed 
throwback. 

But the result of such loving backtracking is an immaculately com-
posed, generically acute contribution to the film noir family . This is not a 
derisive revision like Altman 's muddled, pretentious " The Long Good-
bye." It is not a moral updating like Polanski's " Chinatown." And it is 
not a sneering baloon-pricker like Penn's disastrous " Night Moves." At 
its best, "Farewell My Lovely" puts back the fire and passion' 
revisionists have usurped. Every textural element-staccato rep.. .:e, 
lurid, neon backdrops, stealthily tracking camera, and the thick golden 
haze that washes every image-works as aesthetic apparatus to put the 
film right in the range of Wilder's " Double Indemnity" or Tournier's 
" Out Of The Past.· ' Richards, cinematographer John Alonzo (who also 
did "Chinatown,") and designer Dean Tavoularis apparently went 
through great pains to create the pervasively moody, murky atmosphere 
of those bygone films. Their only deviation from thc norm was to shoot it 
in color, but even this has not significantly deterred from the intended 
detail. 

All of this is further enhanced by placing Robert Mitchum, a survivor 
from the era, in the central role of Phillip Marlowe. Mitchum's facial 
expressions ar.e perfectly blase and disdainful. His vocal delivery is full 
of wry disgust, \lalf-hearted concern, and cocksure arrogance. There is 
never a moment when his stolid, wrinkled frame seems agitated or in-
congruous. He is, literally and figuratively, out of the past. He embodies 
all of the se,nsual qualitites of literature 's most lionized detective, simply 
by being himself. His effortless ease in the presence of hysteric hams like 
Sylvia Miles as an alcoholic widow, Jack O'HalIoran as the hulking giant 
he befriends, and Charleotte Rampling as the Lauren Baca!l substitute, is 
another well-sketched reminder of this picture 's built-in sense of homage. 

The plot is, as elusive, nerve-racking, and full of blind a !leys as a!l of 
Cha ndler. Appropriately enough, Richards and company have made only 
minor, superficial adjustments . A little less anachronism here, a little 
more spiritual melee there. It is, admlttedly, a "buff's" movie. But it is a 
reverse revision, as well. It is a critique of the contemporary thrillers. It 
reveals, forcefully , how Altman, Polanski, Penn, and various others have 
e~red in the!r efforts to debunk the genre. They have ruffled its edges 
Without gettmg at the center. "Farewell My Lovely" pierces right to the 
center, smooth and unruffled. 

by teve Esmedina 

Cf~e UQiversity of CaliforQia, SaQ 'Oiego 
Call1PUS Program Board 

preseQts 

frf?clcllf? Ilu[)~(}rcl * 
Oct. 5, S~nday 

8pm 

Oct. 7, Tue day 

UCSD Gym 
UCSD St. $3 

at Door $4.50 
G.A. $4.50· 

'[)I£~ ()r(?~()r, 
-Social Problems: SOCial or Anti-social?-

UCSD Gym 
UCSD St. $1 . G.A. b2 

Tickets : * Ticketron outlets, also the Turntabl in La Jolla I 
the UC 0 BO Box Office. Hours: Tues.- at. Noon-4:30pm 

Info 452-4090 452-4559 
fmI@W@W~~ 



Wednesday, October 1, 1171 

Game Tomorrow 

Field Hockey 
Opens Against ' 

by Paal Wape!' 
"Look for good things to come 

from the team this season." 
These words of promise came 
from the coach of the badminton 
team and new Athletic Director 
at UC San Diego, Judy Sweet. 

With 12 returnees among the 
squad of 25 players, there will be 
plenty of competition for the 
starting positions. As of yet, 
according to Sweet, only one or 
two positions have been secured 
with only a day before the teams 
opening match against Palomar 
tomorrow. 

Leading the way for the team 
will be returning star Kama 
Ghorpade. In women's singles, 
Uz Noll and newcomer Carol 
Steinberg are competing for the 
number one women's singles 
spot, which is in line with Sweet's 
statement that no position on the 
squad is secure. 

In doubles competition, the 
team figures to be extremely 
strong. Cliff Gates and Gary 
Kreitzer were not defeated at all 
'when the two played together 

during the early part of last 
season. In mixed doubles, Kama 
Ghorpade will be joined by the 
same partner he had last season, 
Ingrid Benirschke. With a year of 
experience behind them, they 
should be tough to stop. 

The first-yeal' people on the 
team have particularly im-
pressed Coach Sweet. She named 
Don Yarkin, Harry Yen, Pat 
Melese, Kirk Feinberg, Laurie 
Berg and Sylvia Francl to figure 
prominently in aiding the team. 

In sizing up the competition, 
Sweet figures the toughest 
matches will come from 
perennial powerhouse Grossmont 
and from up-and-coming Mesa 
College. Point Loma College has ' 
joined the league this year, and 
Palomar and Southwestern show 
young teams due to a lack of 
returning players. 

Sweet expects the caliber of 
team play to be excellent, and she 
wants to share it with all the 
students here. Game time is at 4 
pm tomorrow afternoon in the 
Main Gym. 

;:;:::;:;:;:;:::::;:;:::;::::;;:::::;:::::::::::::::::;:::;:::::;:;:;:::;:;:;:;:;:::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::;:;:::::::::::;:::::::::;:::::;:;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::::;:::::::::;:;:;:;:::::::::::;:;:::::::;:;:;:;:::;:;:: 

Want to Announce an Event? 

Use the Triton Times weekly calendar, a feature 
appearing Mondays. Items can be submitted 

either to the Triton Triton Times or to the first-
floor student information desk in the student 

center. Deadlines: at Triton Times, 5 pm Friday; 
at student center, noon Thursday. 
,:::::: :::;: ::::::::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::;:;:::::::;:;:::::::::::::::::::::::::: :::::::::::::::;:;:;:;:;:::::: :::::::::::;:::::;:: :;:;:;::~::::::::;::::;:::::::::; :;::: ::::::::::;:::::;:;:;:::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:; 

Grossmont 
The women's field hockey team 

opens its season tomorrow with a 
scrimmage at Grossmont. 

Coach Ann Deitle I.s looking 
forward to an exciting season, 
with highligbts including games 
against San Diego State, Mesa, 
Cal Poly Pomona and Palomar. 
"Most of all it Wlll provide a good 
time for all involved," said 
Deitle. 

This season is the team's 
second, and the squad appears to 
be well organized. In addition to 
new unifonns, Deitle plans to use 
a new alignment that should 
improve the team's offense. 

The Triton's returning letter 
women include Missy Tyson, 
Judy Irwin, Karen Miller, Barbie 
McClung and Martha Cartwright. 
Some promising newcomers are 
goalee Jeanette Wills and 

s~dster Me~ba Dubose. 

Black Science Students 
Organization: 
First meeting of the year Fd 1~ 
3-75a16:30 USB 3030. [1013] 

Important GSU meeting Thurs. 
7:30 pm USB 2622. Crucial tbat 
all union members attend. 
[1011] 

Volunteer at the VA Hospital. 
Orientation meeting Oct. 7 at 
6:30 to ':30 pm at the VA 
Hospital. [1011] 

Biology/Cbemistry CUnJc open 
in no HL Sun 7-10, Mo~Tbur 1.2-
5 and 7-10, Fd 1.2-5. Drop By! 
[10/10] 

Trident Chdstian Fellowsbip 
meets Wedesday, 7: 30 pm In the 
Revelle Informal Lounge. 
Margery Bennett for TCF 

The Central Office of COUN-
SELING AND PSYCHOLOGI-

Field hocke, lette,.o_ Mill, T,lon 

* NOTicE5*_ 
CAL SERVICES 10ciitecfiifi12 
MC will be open Wednesday 
nights from &:00 10 9:00 pm. 
Our extension number I.s 3755 on 
campus. 

ASSERTIVENESS TRAINING 
FOR WOMEN: Th.1.s program, 
cosponsored by CouDSeling and 
Psychological Services and the 
Women's Center will begin on 
October 18th. TImes for the 
groups are not set. Interested 
women sbould call soon 10 
reserve space 88 the group sizes 
are limited. Call Becca DePue 
on ext. 3755 to sign up. 

Volunteer needed at UCSD 
Birth Control CUnJc - inter-
viewer-counselor with ex-
perience In birtb control please 
call 452-2669 Monday & Wed-
nesday ~9 P.M. Tuesday & 
Thursday 9-3 or drop by Student 
Health Center and see Miss 
Judy Goldfincb. [10/3] 

Want Free lecture notes? 
Volunteer your time to make 
"Lecture Notes" a better 
service to the students. Call 
l{atbie 272-0662 

The application deadline for the 
Third College Undergraduate 
Rescarch Program bas been 
extended to Oclober 3, 1975. For 
further detaUs, contact the 
Secretary of tbe Program at 
2130 Bonner Hall, 45z..34G. 

Revelle resident students pick 
up appUcations for Revelle 
Program Board at the Com-
mumty center, tbe Resident 
Dean's Office or the Provost 
Offlce,Hurry. Tbey're due 
Oclober 1, 1975. . 

WANTED: Singers for La Jolla 
Clvic/Unlverslty Chorus. Those 
Interested come Monday 
evenings 10 audition. 7 pm in 
Room ~10, MandevUleCenter. 

Continued on Page 7 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates F Roommate wanted 10 share 2 BR furn . apt. I-------------'==..=~==----------I In PB . Pool. Near bus . 21 or over. Neat . $112. 

Classifieds should either be printed or typed on a 3"x 5" card 
(available in Triton Times office). They may be submitted 
anytime between 9 and noon and 1 and 4 p.m . 

The following rates are for 100 spaces - if you use more 
spaces, the rate will double. (100 spaces - .25t; 101 to 200 - .50n 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads : students - .25, 

nonstudents -$1 
Deadlines : 5 pm Friday for Monday ; 5 pm Monday for 

Wednesday; 5 pm Wednesday for Friday. 

Kay 272·9380 (1 011 ) 

Roommale Wan ted ' Need a f itlh person for 
huge counlry house Rancho Santa Fe. 
Garden, Pool. I';' acres. 12 miles from 
UCSC. Own big room Sl30lmo. bul worth it. 
Call 436·2261 . Leave message Or come by 
book Coop. (1011) 

Share rm with my 12 yo daul. Messy apt 
Rent Free for clean, neal, quiet female 
Upper or Grad . Slu. ReSlrlclions ' No smoke-

boo~Males help with house work: cook 
privileges . BH ext2152: res 452·1725 (1011) Announcements : free. All announcements will run in the 

Monday ca~e.ndar. Deadline for calendar: 5 pm Friday. 
(All additIOns or corrections to listings in the Schedule of Roommate wanled. Share room In 3 br 

L. __ C_Ia_ss_ es __ fo_r_r...:e~gc::u.:.:la:.:r .... U:..n:::i:.:.v..::e:.:rs::i.:,ty~c:::o::ur~se::::s::..w.:.:.!!il::.l :::.be::...::.ch~a~r~g~e~d~$~1:..!. )~ ___ I Genessee Highland home. $90Imo. plus 
ulolotles. Call Jay 453-7870. (1011) 

La Jolla communlly acllon servIce lulor 
program needs volunteers 10 work wilh 

Females Sloo) .faccepted All sizes Posing Spanosh speal<ing children Monday· Thursday 
for new exolll 10 e 01 greelong cards . Send afternoons 454·2543. 11013) 
mfo to Hall",. rk. POBox 99424 , San Diego 
Ca 921 09 (1011) BIke carner lor car wanted . Prefer one that s qUIck 10 install and remove Call Ken at 452· 
Need exira caln . Paying lOp dollar for your O~1 ~ (lMt) 
U S Silver cJ lnS mlnled belore I 5 Ken 
453·7924 . (11 '16) ItOUSiNG 
ALCOA now rlroAg Orders Depl. 20 hrslwk. 
SBOlwk Call 232..2402 110110) Share master bdrm . private balh. yard. wilh3 

students In Univ. City . UCSD·5 min. Imm. 
Anlhropology Or Spanish malor famil.,. Wilh 
Ihe Mayan cu lUre. Yucatan. Gualemala As 
Part lime reservations aoent for Trave~ 
Rept"esenlative. Localed in Rancho Bernardo 
al least one full day per week . Flexible with 
your school schedule. Tel. 485-6090 (1013) 

Need used 10 speed , ca. 25 In . frame. Nick 
452·2570 or 453·9322 . (1011) 
UFE ON EARTH (Book used for Nat. ScI. 2E) 
Name your price . EvenIngs 75~4762 (1011) 

occ. $1 05lmo. 452·9790 (1013) 

Mino-Body Combo needed for bdrm in 
Solana B. Fum. View. 2 Bdrm duple. S125. 
137 N. Granados. Norm ~1 ·8433 (1011) 

DEL MAR BEACH PAD. Beaulifully fur· 
nlShed . center of villaoe nexl 10 Coast 
Cruise< stop, cross street from beach. 2·4 
persons. No pets S27~ and up .. Ocean 
windows. 15th & Camino del Mar 755-9765 
ext 408 or755-6601.ll0m 

Needed M Inonsmoker 10 share 2 bedrm apl 
wllh 20lhers Call 755-5786 $85Imo. Del Mar 
noar beach (1011) 

QUlel nonsmoker to share 2 BR townhouse In 
Clatrmonl $120Imo . 10 min . 10 school. Own 
room M I F. Call John al 56()'5627 or leave 
phoneat x3777 (10 11) 

fOR SALE 
Psych 10 book s. $12 for both exts. Al so Hum 
2 texiS Very cheap. See Rich at 232·Argo. 
(1013) 

71 Molo Guul New Rebu ilt 825 Engine 
WIndshield S1375, or best offor 27().7212 
(10/3) 

71 Honda 305 Rebu ll l enll ine. looks & runs 
good . 8.k~"g UOO. 17(),SSl t "lIS. (lOll i 

For sale: 5 f 5 inch tires · all for $40. Call 274-
0053 after 7 pm. (1011) 

69 VW Rebll engllran under 2000 ml. Excel 
meeh. $1300. 452-8303 afw6 pm. (1011) 

For sale· TurqUOise of all descripllons . Also 
cuslom made 10 order. Call Fred aI453-5671 . 
(1013) 

Spend less and be beller dressed . Ladies 
ready 10 wear BJ 's Resale. 243 N. Hwy 101 
Solana Beach. 755·0558 (10/ 13 ) 

French tutoring MA And .xp'd leacher at all 
levels. 

PERSONAL 
Tom, Kaley & Carolyn : Thanx again for the 

66VW Bug New Engine (3m nih guarantee) surprise. I Iruly was stOked . Your friend and 
good lires. new brakes & clulch 51150 or beSI mine. Mall (1 011) 
offer. 459-7109 Barry (1013) 

71 WJ Rebll. Eng ITran under 2000 ml. Excel 
meehan . nu Ilres, gd yr pol gl mags other ex\. 
$1800452·8303 David (1011) 

LOST 6. fOUNd 
Ring of keys lost Sal near Med School. If 
found . relurn 10 Med School OSA or Call 
Curlis 488·2544 . (1016) 

2 IickelS for San Diego opera's " 11 Trovalore" Found' Siray black la~lype dog In Del Mar. 
Tues . OCI7. CIVIC Thealre. fronl row cenle< of Female If yours. call 755-8847 or 755-1023 
Mezzanone. S11 50 each. Call Thorn al 422· _ 
6277 (10/1) . LOSI Red Day Pack, glasses in brown case 

and Spanish 2400 book . Please relurn 10 
Blake 343 or Call Peler at 452·9429 

Rapid cool system wllh filler. never used. a 
sleal al $60 . COnlacl Ellioll (atle< 6) 582. 
0123. (1011) 

1967 Plymoulh . Clean. runs good . 18 mpg . 
radio . Well malnlained $650. Call Morn 
x4383. Marcia aft. 436-2918. (10 13) 

• SERVICES 
Tune UPS. brakes !T.lnor repair, 011 change. 
etc . Mike 488·0873 (10/22) 

Mer>-Women Jobs on Shlpsl Amerlc.,,· 
Foreign-No experience re<:) . e.cel l .... t pay · 
Travel Summer lobi career $3 for Info Seefax 
Depl. B.6 , Box 2049 Port \n9" '"s, Wash. 
96362 (10110) 

Reward . Woman'S gold Witnauer walch 
w lengravong Great senllmenlal value! If 
found please call 453·9539. 

Found ' Gold walch. Describe II and II's 
yours . Joe 106 Meloor. 

TRAVEL 
Europe-I ... ,el Student flights near round IS. 
Ca . t t687 . SIIn Vloanle Blvd L. Ca. 

SSW Travel OIl1c.on campys cha"er IlighlS. 
Inler , SludenllO. etc. UCSOOmlerm8l0pma; 
Cemler 452· )63 • 

SSW Travel Off ice • on campus chaner 
IIlghlS. Inter. Stuaenl 10. elc. UCSD Inler· 
nallonal Center. 452·0630. 111m to 4 pm. 
Mon. Wed , Frl. only . (10/8) 

, ••• t , ~ ••• , t , , ••• , , ,. t. , ,. , , t , , • , t' ••• • 

Wedne~y,Octoberl, 1975 

Books.. 
to say somebody has acted lite a jerk (Betty Friedan at the Democratic 
convention) or throw darts at "consciousness raising" and a group that 
insists, "Happiness I.s knowing what your uterus looks lite." 

• rlfolll •• OM'S 

On the other hand, she becomes indignant over the men who invented a 
female problem and then made millions from It: vaginal odor known in 
the business as "the, uh, Problem." Her wit is keenest in thi~ piece on coordinator, ex.hibitors will include 

"feminin~ hygiene sprays," as they were euphemistically dubbed. ' North County manufacturers Som~ Of the ~lumns merely raise questions : What happens to sexual distri.butors, retail shops, and 
fantasies after liberation? othef$ profile individuals: Bernice Gera, the service organizations, plus 
first woma~, umpire; . Martha Mitchell (surprisingly "charming, canny numerous local artists and craf-
and moving ), and UJ:1da Lovelace. ("Her idea of a clever response to - tsmen. Also, .the armed services, 
the question of whether she has any idiosyncracies is to say, ' I swallow · Calif. Division of Forestry, Fire 
well.' ") She also muses on Julie Nixon Eisenhower and Rose Mary Department, Ambulance District, 
Woods. and other Public Facilities will be 

Her eye-witness account of the 24th Anriual Pillsbury Bake-Off is represented. 
delicious satire. ("It was snack time. It was convenience-food time. It Miss North County, to be chosen 
was less-~ork-for-Mother tim~. All I could think about was a steak.") in~. Beauty Pageant Friday 

The pieces are all reprmted columns from Esquire and other evemng, Oct. 24, and her court will 
publications. Together they should bring laughs, sympathy and maybe a reign over the three days of fun-
few converts to the movement from both sexes. -M.E . packed happenings. 

All Fair monies, after expenses, 
will benefit North County. This 
includes being used for the en-
dorsement of proposals beneficial 
to the area and for the opposing of 
those which the Chambers deem 
detrimental. 

FOOTNOTES: Would)'0\1 be ashamed to introduce your daughter to 
friends if she were a chimpanzee? Dr. Maurice K. Temerlin wasn't. 
" Lucy: Growing Up Human-A Chimpanzee Daughter in a 
Psychotherapist's Family" (Science & Behavior) tells why .... The lady 
with the enigmatic smile is the subject of another book coming in 
October: "~on~ Lisa: The Picture and the Myth" by RO~ McMullen 
(Houghton-Mifflin) .. .. Dlck Gregory will follow "Nigger" with "Up 
From Nigger" (Stein & Day) in January ... . Dr. Michael Debakey has 
written a book on the subject closest to his heart : the heart. " The Living 
Heart" (David McKay), out in January, tells how the heart works how 
and why it breaks down . . .. Alice wasn't the only little girl Lewis C~rroll 
took a fancy to. The others are revealed in "Lewis Carroll ; The 
Photographs and Letters of Lewis Carroll to His Little Friends" (Riz-
zoli) , scheduled for November. 

(Copyright 1975 by Free Spirit Features) 

Tanana ... 
appea rance is the fault of Y AF's 
other members, and serves to 
partially explain Tanana's zeal -
he has become openly cynical of 
organizations and plans and 
meetings, thinking they work 
against action. 

In many cases he is correct here, 
also. From the administration to 
the student government, and even 
within the Triton Times, which can 
allow a minimum of 
procrastination because of its 
responsibility to produce three 
newspapers a week, there is a 
tendency to refer to committee, to 
subcommittee, to meet, meet 
again and pursue channels. 
Obviously, this is the democratic 
process we all live by, the one that 
discourages haste and that at its 
worst is often thought of as if it 
~ere an enormous, . blundering 
dinosaur that is unable to act with 
any decisiveness. 

Of course, this is why one man, 
supposedly, cannot commit the 
country to war, or why one body of 
men and women cannot legislate a 
rad'cal, harsh change in society. 
But it also the cause of much waste 
and sloth, and it is these causes 
that Tanana has rebelled against. 
In a way, he has placed himself in 
opposition to the more negative 
aspects of the democratic systems 
he so vocally defends. 

SOCiety produces both those who 
lead and follow, those who act 
decisively and those who often 
fearfully hang back and walt for 
the proper resolutions or the 
protective support of others. It is 
no excuse for disrespect or 
unethical behavior, but it is one 
ttait that very few of us possess 
anymore. 

Fair Grievance BiU 
Governor Brown signed a bill 

September 22 which guarantees 
faculty members in the California 
State University and Colleges a 
fair grievance procedure. 

The bill, sponsored by UPC and 
authored by Assemblyman 
Howard Berman (D-Sherman 
Oaks), requires the 19-campus 
system to establish grievance 
procedures with minimum due 
process rights. 

Under provisions of the bill, AB 
804, all academic employees in-
cluding part time and tempo~ary 
faculty, have the right to a hearing 
before a faculty grievance com-

It is for this reason I respect 
Tanana: because he has refused to 
hide behind the support 'of an 
organization or a 'collective', 
because he has not denied that 

You can do it, too. So far over 550,000 other .people have done it. People who 
have dillerent jobs. different las, different interesu . different educations have 
completed tho cour ... Our graduales are people from all walks of li fe. These 
peopl. ..... III tlk.n I course developed by Evelyn Wood. • prominent 
eduCitor. Practically .11 of lhem .t I ... t tripled their reading speed with equal or 
better comprehension. MOlt h,ve increlHd it even more. 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone 583-UFE 24 hrs 

Think for I moment whit that means. All of them - even the slowest - now read 
an .... er. noVI' in I .. th.n two hours. Thev read an entire issue of Time or 
N....-k In 35 minutes. They don't skip or skim. They read ... ery word . Th.y 
u .. no mlChines. Inneed. they let the maleri.1 they're reading delermine how 
fost they rood . And mlrk this well : they ICtually understand more. remember 
more. end .njoy more ,than when they r •• d slowly. That's rightl They 
underst.nd more. They remember more. They enjoy more. Yo u can. do the sam. 

mittee to appeal adverse personnel 
decisions. 

Grievants are entitled to be 
represented by a faculty advisor or 
counsel of their choosing and the 
hearing may be open to the public 
at the option ofthe grievant. 

If the college president rejects 
the decision of the faculty com-
mittee, the matter goes to an ar-
bitrator whose decision is final. 

. Matters subject to grievance are 
disputes on job classification 
benefits , working conditions' 
appointment, reappointment' 
tenure, promotion, reassignment 
and the like. The salary structure 
and other matters which require 
legislative action are not 
grievable. 

Page seven 

More notices ... 
WANTED: Mualcians for La 
Jolla Civic/University Sym-
pbony. Come Monday evenings 
10 audition. 6:30 Mandeville 
Center, room BZOZ. 

NOTICE TO ALL MUIR 
SENIORS PLANNING TO 
GRADUATE FA~L QUAR-
TER, 1975: Please make an 
appointment to see Trudy Lord 
as soon as possible for a final 
degree check. H&SS 2126, 452-
3580. 

A list of the Revelle Seniors who 
have cjeclared their candidacy 
for Fall graduation Is posted on 
the board outside the ReveUe 
Provost's Office. Please check 
10 make sure your name is on it. 
If you have any questiOIlS, 
please come Inlo the Provost's 
Office. 

~~ Beginners! ~/ 
Fre~ Bridge Lessons 

by a professional 
Sunday N ights 

7:30 
Revelle North Dining Hall 

Sponsored by the UCSD Bridge Club 
a non-profit organization 

It Sounds 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ 

THE EXORCIST IN 58 MINUTES 

At That Speed, TIle 403 Paces Come Across 
With More ImPid Than The lIarie. 

thing- the: place to lellrn more about it IS at I free speed reotting 1851On. 

This is the same course President Kennedy had his Joint Chiefs of Staff tak •. 
The slllff of President Ni.on completed this course in June 1970. The sam. one 
Senltors and Congressmen have tlken. 

Come to • Mini·Lesson .nd f ind OUI. It is free to you Ind you will lellY' with I 
belttr undlrstlnding of why it works. One thing Ihlt might bother you about 
your reeding speed is that someone might f ind out how slow it is. The 
Instructors It the Evelyn Wood Reading Dyn.mics Fr .. Speed Reading lesson 
Will ,lIt you k.~ your secret . It :s true we practice the first step to improved 
reading at I Mini ' lesson and we Will Increase your reading speed on the spot but 
the results will remain your secret, Plan to attend a free Mini-Lesson and iurn 
thll it is possible to read 3-4·5 times flSter. with comparable comprehension. 

Free counseling, study room 
and speakers SCHEDULE OF FREE MINI·LESSONS 

qr You'll increase your reading speed 
$140 

PrI,et. Pilot Llcen .. 
(lnctucleel 

• 35 HN. Flyl", 
• InatNctlon 

• PeI_FI""t TrMnl .. c.n .. 
LooI! for , ••• 
Air ........ 

vll FAA ApprooM 
Jorgen Kaucllea 

t3I-4tt1 ... 
7Z44Jt 

50 to 111" on the spot! 
Today and Tomorrow at 4pm or 8pm 

-

La Jolla Mission Valley 
La Jolla Village Inn International Plaza Hotel 

-

1-
Interstate 5 ot La Jolla Village dr. 1515 Hotel Cirde West 

• 

. ...... ... EVELYN .~. READING 1)YNAMICS .,,~--~~~~~~-----=~~~~~--~ 



byPaulWaper 
"Look for good things to come 

from the team this season." 
These words of promise came 
from the coach of tbe badminton 
team and new Athletic Director 
at UC San Diego, Judy Sweet. 

With 12 returnees among the 
squad of 25 players, there will be 
plenty of competition for the 
starting positions. As of yet, 
according to Sweet, only one or 
two positions have been secured 
with only a day before the teams 
opening match against Palomar 
tomorrow. 

Leading the way for the team 
will be returning star Kama 
Ghorpade. In women's singles, 
Liz Noll and newcomer Carol 
Steinberg are competing for the 
number one women's singles 
spot, which is in line with Sweet's 
statement that no position on the 
squad is secure. 

In doubles competition, the 
team figures to be extremely 
strong. Cliff Gates and Gary 
Kreitzer were not defeated at all 
'when the two played together 

during the early part of last 
season. In mixed doubles, Kama 
Ghorpade will be joined by the 
same partner he had last season, 
Ingrid Benirschke. With a year of 
experience behind them, they 
should be tough to stop. 

The first-year people on the 
team have particularly im-
pressed Coach Sweet. She named 
Don Yarkin, Harry Yen, Pat 
Melese, Kirk Feinberg, Laurie 
Berg and Sylvia Francl to figure 
prominently in aiding the team. 

In sizing up the competition, 
Sweet figures the toughest 
matches will come from 
perennial powerhouse Grossmont 
and from up-and~ming Mesa 
College. Point Lorna College has' 
joined the league this year, and 
Palomar and Southwestern show 
young teams due to a lack of 
returning players. 

Sweet expects the caliber of 
team play to be excellent, and she 
wants to share it with all the 
students here. Game time is at 4 
pm tomorrow afternoon in the 
Main Gym. 

::::::;:;:;:::;:::;:::::;:;:;:;:::::;:::;:::;:;:;:;:;:::::::;:::;:::::::::::;:;:::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::;;::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::;:::;:::;:::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::;:::::::;:::;:;:;:;:::::::; 

Want to Announce an Event? 

Use the Triton Times weekly calendar, a feature 
appearing Mondays. Items can be submitted 

either to the Triton Triton Times or to the first-
floor student information desk in the student 

center. Deadlines: at Triton Times, S pm Friday; 
at student center, noon Thursday. 
I::: ;:::::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::;:::::::::::::::;:::::::::::::;:::::;:::::;:::::::;:::;:;:::::::;:;:;:;:;:::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::;::~:;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ::::::::;:::::;:::::;:;:;:::;:;:;:::: 

• riff" •• JII('S 
Game Tomorrow 

Field Hockey 
Opens Against 
Grossmont 

The women's field hockey team 
opens its season tomorrow with a 
scrimmage at Groasmont. 

Coach Ann Deftle Is looking 
forward to an exciting season, 
with highlights including games 
against San Diego State, Mesa, 
Cal Poly Pomona and Palomar. 
"Most of all it Will provide a good 
time for all involved," said 
DeiUe. 

This season is the team's 
second, and the squad appears to 
be well organized. In addition to 
new uniforms, Deitle plans to use 
a new alignment that should 
improve the team's offense. 

The Triton's returning letter 
women include Missy Tyson, 
Judy Irwin, Karen Miller, Barbie 
McClWlg and Martha Cartwright. 
Some promising newcomers are 
goa lee Jeanette Wills and 
s~!bte~Melba Dubose. 

Black Science Students 
Organization: 
First meeting of the year FrllO-
3-75 at6:3O USB·3030. [1013] 

Important GSU meeting Thurs. 
7:30 pm USB %6%%. Crucial tbat 
all uoJon members attend. 
[lOll] 
Volunteer at the VA Hospital. 
Orientation meeting Oct. 7 at 
6:30 to 9:30 pm at the VA 
Hospital. [10/1] 

Biology/Chemistry ClInic open 
In 410 HL Sun 7-10, MOD-Tbur 12-
5 and 7-10, Fri 12-5. Drop By! 
[10/10] 

TrIdent Christian Fellowship 
meets Wedesday, 7:30 pm in the 
Revelle Informal Lounge. 
Margery Bennett for TCF 

The Central Office of COUN-
SELING AND PSYCHOLOGI-

Wednelday, October 1,1971 

Fi.lclllock., .. H.rwo .... n Mill, T,lon 

CAL SERVICES locatecfif3O% 
MC will be open Wednesday 
nights from 6:00 to 9:00 pm. 
Our extension number is 3755 on 
campus. 

ASSERTIVENESS TRAINING 
FOR WOMEN: This program, 
cosponsored by Counseling and 
Psychological Services and the 
Women's Center will begin on 
October 18th. TImes for the 
groups are not set Interested 
women should call soon to 
reserve space 8S the group stzes 
are limited. Call Becca DePue 
on ext 3755 to sign up. 

Volunteer needed at UCSD 
Birth Control Clinic - Inter-
vlewer·counselor with ex-
perience in birth control please 
call 45%-2169 Monday It Wed-
nesday 5-9 P.M. Tuesday It 
Thursday 9-3 or drop by Student 
Health Center and see Miss 
Judy Goldfinch. [10/3] 

Want Free lecture notes? I 
Volunteer your time to make 
"Lecture Notes" a better I 
service to the students. Call I 
l{atbie 272-0662 
The application deadline for the 
Third College Undergraduate 
Research Program hal been 
extended to October 3, 1975. For 
further details, contact the 
Secretary of tbe Program at 
2130 Booner Hall, 452-3463. 

Revelle resident students pick 
up applications for Revelle 
Program Board at the Com-
munity center, tbe Resident 
Dean's Office or the Provost 
Office.Hurry. They're due 
October 1, 1975. . 

WANTED: Slogers lor La Jolla 
CIvlc/Universlty Chorus. Those 
Interested come Monday 
evenings to audition. 7 pm in 
Room ~10, MandevUle Center. 

Continued on Page 7 

I TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
L..-_________ ~R~tI~l~es~an~d~Ra~tes~ _________ --,j F Roommate wanted to share 2 BR furn . apt. 
I in PB. Pool . Near bus . 21 orover. Neat . Sl12. 

Classifieds should either be printed or typed on a 3"x 5"eard Kay 272-9380 (lO l l) 
(available in Triton Times office). They may be submitted 
anytime between 9 and noon and 1 and 4 p.m . 

The following rates are for l Oll spaces - if you use more 
spaces, the rate will double. (lOll spaces - .25t; 101 to 200 - .50,). 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads: students - .25, 

nonstudents - $1 
Deadlines: 5 pm Friday for Monday; 5 pm Monday for 

Wednesday ; 5 pm Wednesday for F riday. 
Announcements : free. All announcements will rWl in the 

Monday cale.ndar, Deadline for calendar : 5 pm Friday. 
(All additIOns or corrections to listings in the Schedule of 

Classes for regular University courses will be charged $1.) 

\ " ANTEd La JOlla communi ty action service tutor program needs volunleers to WOrl< with 
Females $1001 ' Ii accepted All sizes Posing Spanish speaking child ren Monda y·ThurSday 
for new exotIC line of greetong cards. Send afternoons 454·2543. (10/3, 
Inlo to Hallma k. P.O Bo. 99424 , San Diego 
Ga92109 (1011 , Bike carner for car wanted. Prefer one that's 

qUick to install and remove. Call Ken at 452-
Need extra ca' h' Paying lOP dOllar lor your v~1 ~ (fn " 1 
U. S Silver cc ons minted belore 1 5 Ken 
453·7924 . (111 6) 

ALCOA now h ring. Orders Dept. 20 hr.1 wk 
SSO /wk. Call 21 ;2-2402 (1011 0) 

Anthropology :x Spanish malar fam llar with 
the Mayan culture . Yucatan, Guatemala As 
Pari t ime reservations agent for Trave~ 
Representative Located In Rancho Bernardo 
at least one lUll day per week. Flexible with 
your school schedule. Tel. 485-6090 . (10 /3) 

Need used 10 speed. ca 25 In. frame Nick 
452·2570 or 453·9322 . (1011) 

LIFE ON EARTH (Book used lor Nat ScI. 2E, 
Name your price Evenings 755-4762 (1011) 

kousiNG 
Share mastor txirm , pr ivate bath . yard , wi th 3 
students In Univ. Cily . UCSD·5 min. Imm. 
acc. SI05/mo . 452·9790 (10f3) 

Mino-Body Combo needed for bdrm In 
Solana B. Furn . View, 2 Bdrm duplex S125. 
137 N Granados. Norm 481 ·8433. (1011) 

DEL MAR BEACH PAD. Beautifully fur· 
nlshed , center of village next to Coest 
Cruiser slop, cross street I rom beach. 2·4 
persons . No pets, $275 and up .. Ocean 
windows, 15th & Camino del Mar 7515-9765 
ext408or75r>-6601 , (10/3) , 

Roommate Wanted: Need a lilth person for 
huge country house Rancho Santa Fe, 
Garden . Pool t'17 acres, 12 miles from 
UCSG. Own big room $130 I mo. but worth it. 
Call 436·2261 . Leave message or como by 
book Coop. (1011) 

Share rm with my 12 yo daut . Messy apt. 
Rent Free for clean, neat , quiet female . 
Upper or Grad . Stu. Restrictions: No smok ... 
boos-Males help with hOuse war!< ; cook 
privileges . BH ext2152; res 452·1725 (1011) 

Roommate wanted. Share room in 3 br 
Gen""see Highland home. $901 mo. plus 
utilities, Cal l Jay 45~7870. (101 1) 

Needed M Inonsmoker to share 2 bedrm apl 
Wi th 2 o thers . Call 755-5786 SS5 1 11'0. Del Mar 
near beach (10/1) 

Ou,et nonsmoker to share 2 BR townhouse In 
Clai rmont S1 20/ mo. 10 min , to school. Own 
room M I F. Call John at 56()'5627 or leav 
phone at .3777 (t 0 I I ) 

fOR SALE 
Psych 10 books. $12 for both oxls. AlSO Hum 
2 te.ts , Very cheap. See RICh at 232.Argo. 
(10 /3, 

7t Mota Guul New Rebulll 825 Engine 
windshield $1375, or besl o'ior 27().721 2 
(10/3) 

71 Honda 3O!l Rebuilt enQlne, looks 8. runs 
good , .Iklng UOO. ;11().$$t 1 I!IIIIS. (1 011i 

For sale : 515 inch tires· all lor $40. Call 274- Spend less and be better dressed. Ladles 
8053aflllr7pm, (1011) ready to wear BJ 's Rosalo. 243 N. Hwy 101 

Solana Beach. 755·0558 (1 0/13) 
69 VW Reblt engl tran under 2000 ml. Excel 
mech. $1300. 452-8303 after 6 pm. (lOll) 

For sale · Turquoise 01 all descriptions . Also 
custom made to order. Call Fred aI453-5671. 
(10/3) 

French tutoring MA And dxp'd teacher at all 
levels, 

PERSONAl 
Tom , Katey & carolyn: Thanx again lor the 

66VW Bug New Engine (3mnth guarantee, surprise . I truly was stoked . Your I rlend and 
good tires , new brakes & clulch S1150 or best mine, Matt (1011) 
oller . 459-7109 Barry (10/3) 

71 vw Rebl!. Eng/Tran under 2000 mi. Excel 
mechan , nu tires , gd yr pol gl mags other exl. 
$1800452-8303 David (1011) 

LOST II fOUNd 
Ring 01 keys lost Sa t near Med School. II 
found, return to Med School OSA or Call 
Curtis 488·2544 . (lOI S) 

2 tickets for San Diego opera 's "II Trovatore" Found ' Stray black lab-type dog In Del Mar. 
Tues. Oct 7, CIVIC Theatre. Iront row center of Female If yours , call 755-8847 or 755-1023. 
Mezzanine. S11 50 each. Call Thom at 422· _ 
S277 (10 11) • Lost Red Day Pack, glasses in brown case 

and Spal1 lsh 2400 book , Please return to 
Blake 343 or Call Peter at 452·9429, 

Rapid cool system with filter. never llsed , a 
steal at $60 . Conlact Elliott (alier 6). 582· 
0123 (1011) 

1967 Plymouth, Clean, runs gOOd . 18 mpg, 
radiO . Well maintained 5650 . Call Morn 
x4383 Marcia alt. 436·2918. (10/3) 

• SERVICES 
Tune ups, brakes rr,illOr repair. all change, 
etc . Mike 488.()873 (10/22, 

Men-Women jobs on Shlpsl American· 
Foreign-No experience req, Excel lent P. Y • 
Travel. Su mmer Job/career $3 for Info Seaf .. 
Dept. B·6 , Box 2049 POt' \n(l" · •• Wash. 
98362 (10 II 0) 

.. ...... • I 

Reward • Woman's gold Witnauer watch 
w /engraving . Great sentimental value! If 
lound please call 453-9539. 

Found ' Gold watch , ~.crlbe It and It's 
yours . Joe 106 Meteor. 

TRAVEl 
Europe-Israel Student fl ighls new round Is, 
Ca. 11687, San Vicente Blvd . La Ca. 

ssw Travel Off ic.on campus ~ herler flights, 
Inler. Sluden t 10. elC. UCSo Omterm8l0pma; 
Cemter 452-163 

SSW T .. vel Ollice • on campus cnerler 
flights, Inter. Student 10. etc. UCSD Inler· 
nation. 1 Cen ter. 452·0630, 11 am to • pm. 
Man Wed . Frl. only. (10/8) 
. 

J, t ., , .. , f ' f"'" •• t 't 1"'"" t •• , • • • t • 

Wednesday, October 1,1975 

Books.. 
to say somebody has acted Uke a jerk (Betty Friedan at the Democratic 
convention) or throw darts at "consciousness raising" and a group that 
insists, "Happiness is knowing what your uterus looks like." 

On the other hand, she becomes indignant over the men who invented a 
female problem and then made millions from it : vaginal odor known in 
the business as I'the, uh, Problem." Her wit Is keenest in thLs piece on coordinator, exhibitors will include 

"feminin~ hygiene sprays," as they were euphemistically dubbed. ' North County manufacturers 
Some Of the columns merely raise questions: What happens to sexual distributors, retail shops, and 

fantasies after liberation? Others profile individuals: Bernice Gera the service organizations, plus 
first wo~~, umpire; . Martha Mitchell (surprisingly "charmiilg, c~nny numerous local artists and craf-
and moving ), and Linda Lovelace. ("Her idea of a clever response to - tsmen. Also, the armed services, 
the question of whethe'r she has any idiosyncracies is to say, ' I swallow ' Calif. Division of Forestry, Fire 
well. ' " ) She also muses on Julie Nixon Eisenhower and Rose Mary Department, Ambulance District, 
Woods. and other Public Facilities will be 

~e~ eye-w.itness" accoWlt of t~ 24th Annual Pillsbury Bake-Off is repr,esented. 
deliCIOUS satire. ( It was snack time. It was convenience-food time, It MISS North County, to be chosen 
was less-~ork-for-Mother tim~. All I could think about was a steak.") in~, Beauty Pageant Friday 

The pieces are all repnnted columns from Esquire and other evemng, Oct. 24, and her court will 
publications. Together they should bring laughs, sympathy and maybe a reign over the. three days of fun-
few converts to the movement from both sexes. -M.E, packed happenings. 

FOOTNOTES: Would you be ashamed to introduce your daughter to 
friends if she were a chimpanzee? Dr. Maurice K. Temerlin wasn 't. 
" Lucy: Growing Up Hwnan-A Chimpanzee Daughter in a 
Psychotherapist's Family" (Science & Behavior) tells why . . .. The lady 
with the ~~igmatic. smile is the subject of another book, coming in 
October: Mona Lisa: The Picture and the Myth" by Roy McMullen 
(Houghton-Mifflin) . . . . Dlck Gregory will follow "Nigger" with " Up 
Fr?m Nigger" (Stein & I?ay) in January .. , .Dr. Michael Debakey has 
written a book on the subject closest to his heart: the heart. "The Living 
Heart" (David McKay), out in January, tells how the heart works how 
and why it breaks down . . .. Alice wasn't the only little girl Lewis C~oll 
took a fancy to. The others are revealed in " Lewis Carroll : The 
Photographs and Letters of Lewis Carroll to His Little Friends" (Riz-
zoli), scheduled for November. 

(Copyright 1975 by Free Spirit Features) 

Tanana ••• 
appearance is the fault of Y AF's 
other members, and serves to 
partially explain Tanana's zeal -
he has become openly cynical of 
organizations and plans and 
meetings, thinking they work 
against a<;tion. 

In many cases he is correct here, 
also. From the administration to 
the student goverrunent, and even 
within the Triton Times, which can 
allow a minimum of 
procrastination because of its 
responsibility to produce three 
newspapers a week, there is a 
tendency to refer to committee, to 
subcommittee, to meet, meet 
aga in and pursue channels. 
Obviously, this is the democratic 
process we all live by, the one that 
discourages haste and that at its 
worst is often thought of as if it 

~ere an enormous, . blWldering 
dinosaur that is unable to act with 
any decisiveness. 

Of course, this is why one man, 
supposedly, cannot commit the 
country to war, or why one body of 
men and women cannot legislate a 
radical, harsh change in society. 
But it also the cause of much waste 
and sloth, and it is these causes 
that Tanana has rebelled against. 
In a way, he has placed himself in 
opposition to the more negative 
aspects of the democratic systems 
he so vocally defends. 

SOCiety produces both those who 
lead and follow, those who act 
deciSively and those who often 
fearfully hang back and wait for 
the proper resolutions or the 
protective support of others. It is 
no excuse for disrespect or 
unethical behavior, but it is one 
Wiit that very few of us possess 
anymore. 

All Fair monies, after expenses, 
will benefit North County. This 
includes being used for the en-
dorsement of proposals beneficial 
to the area and for the opposing of 
those which the Chambers deem 
detrimental. 

Fair Grievance BiD 
Governor Brown signed a bill 

September 22 which guarantees 
faculty members in the California 
state University and Colleges a 
fair grievance procedure. 

The bill, sponsored by UPC and 
authored by Assemblyman 
Howard Berman (D-Sherman 
Oaks), requires the 19-campus 
system to establish grievance 
procedures with minimum due 
process rights. 

Under provisions of the bill, A8 
804, all academic employees, In-
cluding part time and temporary 
faculty , have the right to a hearing 
before a faculty grievance com-

It is for this reason I respect 
Tanana : because he has refused to 
hide behind the support of an 
organization or a 'collective' 
because he has not denied thai 

You COIn do it , too. So far over 550.000 other .people h.ve done it . People who 
neve different jobs. different IQ,. diff ... ,nt int ..... t •• different educations h.ve 
completed the cour ... Our grodua t .. are people from all w.lk, of life. These 
peopl. have a!1 tAlken • cour", developed by Evelyn Wood •• prominent 
educator, Pract,cally all of Ih.m I l le .. t tr iplod their r.ading speed with equ.1 or 
bitter comprehension. Most hl lie inereHed it !'lien more. 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone 583-LIFE 24 hrs 

Think for I moment ..... t thlt m.lns. All or th. m-<!\/en the slowest - now r.ed 
an aver. novel in I .. thin two hours. They read an en tire issue of Time or 
N_ in 35 minut ... ThlY don't sk ip or skim, Th.y read every word. Th.y 
ute no mach ines. Inlte", they let the ml terial they're reading determine how 
flit they re«l. And mark th is we ll : they actually underst.nd more remember 
more. Ind enjoy more thi n when they read . Iowly. That', :ight l They 
underst.w morl. ThiV remember more. They e'1;Oy more . You can do the same 

mittee to appeal adverse personnel 
decisions. 

Grievants are entitled to be 
represented by a faculty advisor or 
counsel of their choosing and the 
hearing may be open to the public 
at the option of the grievant. 

If the college president rejects 
the decision of the faculty com-
mittee, the matter goes to an ar-
bitrator whose decision is final. 

Matters subject to grievance are 
disputes on job classification 
benefits, working conditions' 
appointment , reappointme nt: 
tenure, promotion, reassignment 
and the like. The salary structure 
and other matters which require 
legislative action are not 
grievable. 

Page seven 

More notires ... 
WANTED: Musicians for La 
Jolla Civic/University Sym-
phony. Come Monday evenings 
to audition. 6:30 Mandeville 
Center, room B202. 

NOTICE TO ALL MUIR 
SENIORS PLANNING TO 
GRADUATE FALL QUAR-
TER, 1975: Please make an 
appointment to see Trudy Lord 
as sooo as possible for a final 
degree check. H&sS 2126, 452-
3580. 

A list of the Revelle Seniors who 
have declared their candIdacy 
for Fall graduatioo is posted on 
the board outside the Revelle 
Provost's Office. Please check 
to make sure your name is on it. 
n you bave any questions, 
please come Into the Provost's 
Office. 

"'t'; Beginners! ~/ 
Fre~ Bridge Lessons 

by a profeSSional 
Sunday Nights 

7:30 
Revelle North Dining Holl 

Sponsored by the UCSD Oridge Club 
a non-profit organization 

It Sounds 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ 

THE EXORCIST IN 58 MINUTES 

At That Speed, The 403 PIllS Come Across 
Wrth More Impact Than The Morie. 

thing- the place to le.rn more .boul il "at 0 free speed reading lo""n. 
Thi, is the .. me course Presid.nt Kennedy h«l his Joint Chief. of StAlff tAlkl. 
Th. staff of Pre,ident Ni.on completod this course in June 1970. Tne sam. one 
Sen. tors Ind Congressmen haye taken . 

Come to a Minl·Lesson .nd find out. It i. free to you and you will leave with. 
belt er undersl anding of why it works, One thing that might bother you about 

~our reading speed i, Ihat someone might find oul how .Iow it is. The 
'"~tructors ot the Evelyn Wood R.ading Dynamics Free Speed R.ading lesson 
Will let yOU keep your secret . It 's true we practice the first step to improved 
re«l ing.t • Mini.L.~n and we will incr .... your r.ading speed on the spot. bul 
the resu ln w,1I rem .. n your secret, Plan to attend a free Minl·Lesson and I_n 
that it i, possible to reed 3·4·5 times faster . with compareble compre,,"nsio~. 

Free counseling, study room 
and speakers SCHEDULE OF FREE MINI·LESSONS 

~ 
$140 

Pm ... PIlot Licen .. 
{tnclucleel 

• 35 H ... Flying 
• In.'Rlctlon 

• PIII_Fllthl T ... nI"II C ..... 
LooIIfo'P ...... 
AI' .. ,... ..... 

vi. , 'M AppnMd 
Jor,eD ltaUdleD 

"""'01' 7Zt-tm 

You'll increase your reading speed 
50 to 1111" on the spot! 

T eday and Tomorrow ot 4pm or 8pm 
-

La Jolla Mission Valley 
La Jolla Village Inn International Plaza Hotel 

,. 

Interstate 5 at La Jolla Village dr. 1515 Hotel Circle West 

. ........ . _..... EVELYN . ~ .. READING 'DYNAMICS \ .~-";",;"";,,;,;,;,;,;,;,;,,;~,,,,,,;,;,;,,:,~~--~~--':':'-----':""'--.--J 



Han~apped ••. 
placed for w ~ chair visibility. A 
special project f the Cormnittee is 
the establishm nt of a Disabled 
Student Union (PSU) . Getting the 
go-ahead from ~e Administration, 
the DSU will get started this year. 
The location will be the south wing 
of the Revelle :;afeteria next to the 
Side Door. All concerned students, 
disabled or not, are invited to 
come. 

Set-Up Last Year 
The Chancellor'S Advisory 

Committee on Handicapped 
Students'was set up last year as an 
ad hoc committee of students, 
teachers and administrators to 
recognize the needs of disabled 
students. Revelle Dean Ernest 
Mort is the other co-chairman of 
the committee. Dean Mort feels 
the handicapped students "need a 
sense of identity" and that once 
handicapped students are accepted 
at the University, adequate 
facilities should be provided for 
them. 

" People aren't malicious," 
comments co-chairman LeBrecht, 
" just unaware." 

One such incident of 
" unawareness" was the in-
stallation of turnstyles in the 
Revelle Sundry Store, making 
entrance into the store impossible 
for wheelchair students. It is 
hoped by the Committee that this 
will soon be remedied. 

Black~ Beach •.. 
become known to many people and 
lacks adequate ,parking facilities 
for the large crowds. 

Over the summer, the City 
Council and the Board of Super-
visors dealt with the questions of 
permitting nude bathing beaches 
and of creating additional nude 
beaches, the latter a move 
designed to ease the crowds at 
Black's. The City Council made no 
final decisions concerning nude 
beaches this summer, referring 
the nude beaches question twice to 
committees for review. On July 17, 
the Council deadlocked over a 
proposal to add more swimsuit 
optional areas to San Diego. One 
week later, the council voted to 
refer the matter to the council's 
Public Facilities and Recreation 
Committee for review. On August 
11, the committee recommended 
that nude beaches be abolished. 

The City Council refused to back 
up the committee's decision, 
voting instead to refer the matter 
to the Parks and Recreation for 

• M •• M' .-1 OM'S 
Handbook ... 

FlntUpda&e 
Bookman credits this effort as "the first (rule) update in three years," 

and claims it is the result of past problems with out-of-control bill posting 
and ad-tacking" all over campus, on walls, pillars, trees, anything." 

In the future, stronger rules may be expected governing the posting of 
literature on campus. 

Gr,ns ... 
then perhaps Presidents and 
presidential candidates can greet 
crowds with less fear than before. 
It should not be construed that gun 
control is a panacea for 
assassination, but it is a step 
forward. 

Both booklets are the work of staff members from the student center .,4 d.. 
and offices of the college deans and the vice-chancellor for student af- r.ccre ltatlon ... 
fairs. 

The "couple of hundred dollars" funding was from the budget of the 
student center. The center is also providing a literautre posting service, 
and jobs are available through the student employment office. Students 
are urged to ask at the infonnation desk for rules now in effect. 

TRB ... 
for a family of four in 1974 were $60 a month in Mississippi; $411 in New 
York. Why is New York City broke? One reason is New York state's social 
paymedts : they attract migrants from all over the country. NYC is full of 
Puerto Ricans ; no wonder, Puerto Rico pays $56 monthly in AFDC, New 
York seven times as much. Perverse incentives cause mass migrations 
and disrupt families . 

What should be done? Sooner or later everybody in the country, rich 
and poor alike, will file income taxes, and those below the poverty line 
will get a moderate direct cash grant from the government related to 
income, while the low and moderate-income workers will get tax relief. 
Why not cash on a uniform basis instead of food stamps and payments 
that drive husbands from home? Conservative economist Milton 
Friedman says it would be cheaper, and many in Congress agree. 

Support Tritan Times Advertisers 

review. The Parks and Recreation 
Departments is presently 
reviewing the matter. 

Recently, the Board of Super-
visors dealt with the question of · 
nudity on unincorporated beaches 
(which doesn't include Black's), 
voting on September 25 to ban 
nudity from backyards and 
beaches in the unincorporated 
areas of the county. Supervisor 
Lee Taylor spearheaded the drive 
to ban nudity, saying that the 
present county nudity ordinance 
was weak and that he had received 
many complaints from his con-
stituents about nudity on beaches. 

The new ordinance, however, 
has a provision by which the board 
can set aside swimsuit-optional 
areas at beaches. The Board of 
Supervisors' staff is now preparing 
a report on possible swimsuit 
optional areas in the county. Two 
local groups have followed the City 
Council and Board of Supervisors' 
decisions with special interest. 
They are the Nude Beaches 
Committee and the La Jolla Farms 
Association, the major proponents 
and opponents of Black's beach. 

Craig Clark is the president of 
the La Jolla Farms Association, a 
group of people who own homes 
overlooking Black's Beach. Clark, 
a real estate developer, moved to 
the La Jolla Farms area a few 
years ago because it was " a nice 
quiet neighborhood. " Sinc~ 
Black's became a nude beach, he 
contends, . the neighborhood has 
been plagued by theft, vandalism, 
parking problems and obscene 
language. " The La Jolla Farms 
Association," Clark said, "wants 
to see the nude beach terminated 
because we don't like the way that 
the city set it up, without regard to 
parking, access of restrooms." 
Clark said that, at the moment, the 
group is waiting to see what the 
city council will decide about nude 
beaches, "we're just praying; God 
himself might guess what the City 
Council will do. " 

The Nude Beaches Committee is 
a group concerned with retaining 

included a table of organization 
which, although it was supposed to 

' be presented to department 
. chairmen before the accreditation 
committee's arrival, never was 
given out. 

Even so, the committee reported 
that the administration advised 
them that the table had actually 
been in effect all year. 

The committee, however, stated 
that "the chart was not an entirely . 
accurate description either of the 
present, or for the proposed future 
organization. " 

UCSD. the report concluded, 
" badly needs the stability which 
continuity of leadership provides," 
referring to the great turnover in 
the Chancellorship and other top 
administrative positions. 

UCSD Committed to Humanism? 
The committee also questioned 

UCSD's projected image as a 
university balanced between 
science, art and humanities, 
pointing out a "heavy imbalance in 

Black's Beach as a swimsuit-
optional area and getting other 
beaches designated as swimsuit 
optional areas. Currently, the 
Nude Beaches Committee is 1fI-
volved in a petition drive to place a 
beach choice initiative on' the June 
1976 primary ballot. The city-wide 
initiative, if passed, would force 
the city council to designate a 
proportionate share of city beaches 
as swimsuit-optional. 

Irving estimates that 118 of San 
Diego beachgoers go to Black's 
Beach and that eighty per cent of 
the people at Black's go nude. 
"The fact that Black's is the only 
legal nude beach in the U.S." 
Irving said, "has brought large 
crowds, which account for parking 
and access problems." The city 
plans to improve the access route 
to Black's next year. 

Irving feels that the problems 
faced by La Jolla Farms residents 
are no different from those faced 

Wednesday, October 1, 1975 

students and faculty between the 
sciences and the remaining 
disciplines. " 

The committee further 
questioned whether UCSD is "fully 
committed to humanistic studies in 

all its colleges." Referring to " the 
loss of some distinguished faculty 
in these fields, the rela'tively low 
number of majors and the almost 
single minded campus pride in 
science programs," the Committee 
stated that "the humanist or social 
scientist might indeed be a 
'lonesome' individual on this 
campus." 

(The report noted that the ad-
ministration, " in an attempt to 
correct this imbalance," allocated 
two-thirds of its additional faculty 
to the Humanities and Social 
Sciences for the 1973-74 school 
year.) . 

The report characterized UC-
SD's self-study as " a collection of 
rather casual comments which 
would have required a modicum of 
time for one individual to 
prepare," excepting the library 
section and parts of the material on 
the Colleges. 

UCSD, the report concluded 
from this, " did not regard the self-
study as of major concern, or the 
accreditation review as of much 
importance, quite in contrast to 
other UC campuses ... which have 
been reviewed in recent years." 

by members of any other beach 
community. "Lifeguards, 
policemen at Black's .will tell you 
that there is less trouble, less pot 
smoking, hassles and arguments 
there than at any other beach in 
town. People at Black's are cooler, 
mellower, than people at other 
beaches, and they have higher 
moral standards, if anything." 

At present, Black's Beach 
remains, but the question of 
creating more swimsuit optional 
zones in San Diego is undecided. 
The report to the Board of 
Supervisors on possible nude 
bathing areas won't be completed 
for two or three weeks. The Parks 
and Recreation Committee's 
report to the City Council is ex-
pected in November. Meanwhile, 
San Diego's nude bathers, the 
focus of all the controversy, await 
the decisiOns of the City Council 
and Board of Supervisors and try 
to enjoy the last of the summer 
sun. 

Required Reading! 
By the author of CATCH-22 
"I could not put it 
down . . .. SOMETHING 
HAPPENED is the 
important novel of the 
Se enties - perhaps the 
gr lat American novel we 
hate been waiting for!" 
- RALPH J. GLEASON, 

Rolling Stone 

"StMETHING HAPPENED 
is splendidly put togeth· 
er and hypnotic to read 
.. as clear and hard· 
eltged as a cut diamond." 

. - KURT VONNEGUT, JR., 
N. Y. Times Book Review 

$2.25 wherever 
paperbacks are sold 

(ill) Ballantine Books 

12~ 
~----------------L ~----------------_ rnGO~o (J(]U o~ 


