
Come to Triton Times Open House--Monday, May 12, 1 to 5 pm, 117 Blake Hall -- Meet the Staff -- Refreshments. 

The Campus Activity Fee wdl 
be paid by UC San Diego un-
dergraduate for at least two 
more years, the Chancellor rul d 
last w ek . 

In addition, M Elroy allowed 
th tudent Cooperative to 
conti nue to operate as it has this 
year, but without official 
recog nition a U SO's student 
government 

The rulings came in the form of 
acceptance of recommendations 
trom the referendum ElectloA 
Board and Vice-chancellor and 
D an of Student Affairs George 
Murphy following the student 
referendum April 23-29. 

Needs 50 percent 
The referendum received only 

Vi percent participation . Si nce 
the UC Regents require a SO 
percent rate before the results 
can be holding . recom -
menda tions were funnelled 
throug h the Election Board -
charged with overseei ng all 
asp ct of the referendum, and 
reviewing it afterwards - and the 
vice-chancellor, to be acted on by 
th Chancellor. 

A cordi ng to vote counter~, 
about 76 percent of those voting 
ca t votes to maintain the fee , 
whd 59 percent of the par-
ticipants voted to have the Coop 
d~ the official undergraduate 
,tudent government. 

Accordl ng to a letter to the 

Grads Organize Union in 
Face of Support Cutbacks 

Faced with possible cuts In 
upport for next year, 75 UC San 

Diego Graduate students 
Monday formed a union to 
represent their interests. 

Thirteen departments we're 
represented In the meeting 
organized by the Literature 
Graduate Student Association . 
Those in attendance voted 
unanimously to form the 
Graduate tudents Union . 

Power in Numbers 

compensation lor all 
students for th time 
parti cipation I n the 
program , and 

graduate 
of their 
graduate 

--yearly contracts signed In the 
Spring for the following academic 
year Currently, grads sometimes 
do not know until two weeks Into 
the quarter whether they wil I 
have upport, 

- no Increase I n class size 
(student-teaching assistant ratio) 

--tuitIOn and fee waivers for all 
graduate students . 

.. 

Student Center Director Mark Bookman with members 0/ the 
Coop las! Mondav . The Coop remains unofficial . 

"The funding problems are on a 
campus-wide basis . To meet these 
problem, we realized, requires a 
cam pus-wide organization ," said 
one student who attended the 
meeti ng. 

Meeting Mondays 
The Union will continue to 

organize through the week , 
according to a spokesman . And 
next Monday, another meeting 
will be held In the Hl Auditorium 
in Revelle Campus , at 7 pm . 

Triton Times Irom Murphy, the 
Chancellor indicated that the 
Coop would not pretend to be the 
official voice of the un -
dergraduates, and the members 

~peaking to issues reflect the 
opInion only of them elves . 

The Cha ncellor also en-
couraged the Coop to " formalize 
It status , through orne 
mechanism reflecting student 
Views, during the 1975-76 chool 
year, " aid Murphy. 

The Chancellor al 0 approved a 
recommended moratorium on 
future referenda challenging the 
Campus Activity Fee for two 
year . The moratorium was 
recommended because of the 

cost of running a student 
referendum , which ca me to $400 
thl quarter. 

The initial goals the Union 
decided to work towards include 
the equivalent of 50 percent (T A) 

'Consenting Adults ' Bill 

GSA Here Sees End of Harassment 
by John H. Tay lor 

Editor-in-Chief 

The controversial bill to remove criminal sanc-
tions for private sexual acts between consenting 
adult , passed by both the California Assembly and 
enate, will take away poli e forces' "vehicle for 

haras ment" of homosexuals, a 5pokesman for UC 
an Diego' Gay Student A sociatlOn (GSA) said 

yesterday . 

" Under present laws, homo exual~ are branded 
for what is illegal , and therefore to some people 
' Immoral : behavior ," he said 

"We feel it's time for law enforcement to get out 
of the bedrooms and begin to protect people 
agalO t victim crimes," he aid 

"We don 't need thl new law to find out we're not 
crimlOals , but if there are law that ay we are, we'd 
like to get rid of them ." 

In a debate televised last we k on Channel 8 10 

Coop Declines to Favor 
S D Hastings Purchase 

The bill , which squeaked through the enate last 
week after Lt . Gov Mervyn Dymally flew to 

acramento from Colorado to break a 20-20 tie, has 
now been sent back to the as embly for an ex-
pected concurrence with enate-made amend-
ments 

an Diego, State Senator H L " Bi II" Richardson, a 
con ervatlve Republican from Arcadia , aid the bill 
would be seen as legaliZing homo exual behavior 
and would " make it aSler for homo exuals to 
become teacher 10 our chools " He al 0 quoted 
biblical pas ages that say a per on who lies With 
another of the same gender hould be put to death by Ri cha rd Yep 

Staff Writer 
In It first meting after failing 

to gain official recognition as UC 
an Diego's student government, 

the tudent Cooperative Monday 
did not upport a motion of 
tavon ng the USIU California-
We tern Law chonl aquisition by 
Ha tlngs College of Law . In 
addi tion , tempers flared on the 
,ubjec t of funding the recent 
campus referendum . 

Hastings 
The Coop had a motion 

brought before it to urge the 
legi la ture to approve Assembly 
I3dl tl10, which would provide for 
the allocation of funds to pur-
chase the Cal Western law school 
In downtown San Diego . 

Mark Bookman, director of the 
student center, and a member of 
the Bar, told the Coop, " There 
IS no question of the high quality 
of th Ha tings Law School, and 
that the an Diego area can use a 
public, high quality law school. " 

After a eries of questions that 
were an wered by a student from 

al W stern, the motion failed to 
gai n the necessary two-thirds 
majority to pass . 

In addition, the recently -
completed referendum wa a 
tOPI of harp controversy when 
It wa~ ,>uggested that the Coop 
ttllo ate $400 to lund the elec-
tIOn 

rhp money IS n ed d to cover 
the hiring of ~tudents to run the 
poll" dnd printing and other 
t o~t, 

Whose Referendum? 
Mdr(O IIMandn , lo(al E',tprndl 

,ttt,lI" {oordlnator, 'did. '1 think 
Ilw .. dmlnl\treltlOn ,hould peW tor 

it, (the referendum)." 
The question arose a to whose 

refer ndum it was, and who e 
re ponsibility It was to fund it. 
Bookman criti ciied the Coop for 
a la k of maturity In refusing to 
fund the election 

A motion followed asking that 
th Coop not approve funding of 
the rpferendum from the Campus 
Activity Fee . The motion was 
defeated . 

The following motion asked the 
Coop to approve the $400 ex-
penditure. 1t also failed to pass . 

Atterwards , Bookman ex-
plain d , " It's an open que tion . 

Continued on Page 4 

Bring a Padlock 

Gov Brown has Indicated that he will sign the 
bill 

Misdemeanors 
The mea ure, introduced by A~semblyman Willie 

Brown (D-San rrancisco), would legalize adultery, 
.,odomy and oral sex betwe n con enting adults 
Courts currently treat these acts a ml demeanors. 

The G A spokesman, whoteferred to instances 10 
Lo Angele and an Diego where police had used 
th criminal statutes against uch acts to haras 
homosexuals, aid the GSA had contacted 
Dymally 's office after the Senate deadlock to urge 
him to vote In favor of the bill. 

He added that the organization will send a letter 
to Gov Brown urging him to sign the bill , and 
IS planning a petition drive. He al 0 aid Individual 
GSA members will end letters and telegrams to the 
Governor's office. 

an Diego As emblyman Larry Kapiloff , a co-
author of the legi latlon who appeared With 
Richard on on the Channel 8 debate, aid the bill 
made no reference to homose ual teaching 

Th UC 0 GSA member aid hedldn' t see the bill 
would have any bearing on teaching . " It would b 
tanta tl If It did," he added "There are a lot of gay 
teachers In th clo et now, b cau e If they 'r 
teaching and the chool find out, It'S all over ." 

Under the new law, a per on p rformlng sodomy 
and oral ex With minors could receive a sentence 
of up to 15 year in the tate prison or not less than 
on year In the county lail Th e entences are 
more ~evere than under the pre nt law 

In addition , ollcltlng or engaging In " lewd or 
dl olute" conduct In a publiC pia e would con -
tinue to be a misdemeanor . 

Chains Installed to Thwart Bike Burglars 
Two exp rimental bike rack with welded on, ca e hardened 10 k 

have been placed in front of the Campus bookstore and the 
Hllmanlties library In an effort to thwart bicycle theft 

rhe Intergrated chains and racks were the Idea of Steve Colman , 
an und rgraduate working in the Bu iness department. Colman' Job 
In th BU'>lness department is to plan way In which bicycle might 
b better lacilitated lor on campu u e. 

" I'd like to encourage the use of bike , particularly a an alt r-
native to the automobile," ~ay Colman 

olman also explains that student who spend hundred of dollar 
on v(>ry lightweight bicycles are forc(>d to arry heavy hain lock to 
protE-' t their bikes on (amlJu~ 

'Now, all \tudent have to do I bring a good padlo k to hool 
With Ihpm, ~dld Colman 

Colmel n \ay' he I" 'lntere\ted In lleople' rea tlon , wheth r they 
IlkI' the IdE.'a, and \ .. h,lt Improvenwnt can b(> meld " ( omnll'nt, on 
Iht, ~V('ldt'd {halO' (,In 1)(' {lir('( tpd to the BmlO(," l)t'pt 

Ilw om:lnal 'iO 00 rl'qlllrt'o to lund the altt'ratlom 01 thE.' bikE' 
r,ll k, ~"'I\ paid In Pclrt by ,ludl:'l1t tllltO/llobde tlnc' 

JIll' r('nhllnlOg PMt \\,1' tundl'd h\ thE' Ilu'lnE-"" '>('rVI(p, 

I-It'ul ' } ,hum.1 IU1 'L' been IfIjtl1l1ed on un e_\penment.JI ham 111 
Itco L'<lllll'((1 hIke lud:\ 7 he ) Im/,e(ul/ u·dl dder III {' the/iI , 
Ilh,c;' dre wlLld} I IJI}!,/I (JfI '<1"'/'111 



I ,-' . 
Paaetwo I . Triton Time. Wednesday, May 7, 1975 
Medial Perpetrates 'Bloodbath' Notion 

by We~ y Everest 

[If' esJey Everest is It 
pseudo1lym for a UC Sa" Diego 
gradulJte stude"t, ) 

Throughout the latest wave of 
victories of the Communist forces 
in Indochina, the media has 
hysterically been warning us of 
the forthcoming "bloodbath." 
This term has never been defined, 
but we may assume that the 
newly victorious forces will not 
bomb dikes as the fascists did in 
Holland or as we did In " North" 
Vietnam; nor will they bomb 
ho pitals as we did; nor will they 
fire-bomb as we did in Dresden or 
drop napalm as we did all over 
Vietnam and Cambodia; nor will 
they attempt mass terror by 
dropping our " leftover" 
asphyxiation bombs on the 
civilian population, as was done 
to Xuan Loc after it "fell;" nor will 
they defol ia te, nor in-
discriminately bomb the country-
ide to d~troy the " sea" in which 

" the guerilla fish swim." 

Perhaps a "bloodbath" means 
the instigation of a program of 
terror, such as the Phoenix 
program the US instigated in the 
Mekong delta. That killed over 
40,000 Vietnamese, and in the 
words of Ambassador Robert 
Komer (who had overall 
responsibility for it), " If we can 
attri t the population base of the 
Vietcong, i I'll accelerate the 
process of degrading the vc." But 
past history indicates that this 
policy does not work, and the 
PRG has consistently and 
vigorously condemned such 
tactics . 

The horror of which the 
American media is trying to 

convince us, the American 
people, is only the necessary 
forthcomi ng trials of Vietnamese 
collaborators and CIA operatives 
for war crimes. There is quite a 
difference between lawless, 
anarchistic slaughter -the con-
notations of "bloodbath"- and a 
serious trial of murderers, tor-
turers, and war criminals. Cer-
tainly the PRG and the whole 
Vietnamese people will want at 
least to bring to trial , and some 
cases, to execute those Phoenix 
program thugs who did not 
manage to escape (and are now 
making their way to California, 
the modern day Argentina and 
Paraguay) . 

(We worry about the added 
welfare burden. but rest assured, 
the CIA will find a use for these 
Vietnamese dregs as part of a new 
domestic terror police force.) 

So the government once again 
channels its lies through the 
media, and dutifu lIy try to 
convince us of what they think it 
is expedient for us to think . One 
need only notice that the press 
obediently reported the lies of a 
later exposed CiA radio broadcast 
from Cambodia of 43 beheadings . 
Unable to " learn," this was the 
same "mistake" the media made 
20 years ago when the CI A was 
exposed for broadcasting false 
horror stories from North Viet-
nam . And the naive might hope 
that the press, after being con-
sistently lied to by the govern-
ment throughout the Vietnam 
war, after all the damage its 
irresponsible reporting of the lies 
of prison officials at Attica 
ca used , would be a litHe 
scrupulous in the future . 

~ 

ilut now we find Newsweek, on 
the incredibly flimsy evidence of 
" gover nment officials" who 

Senior Writes of 
Pre-Med Experience 

by Timothy lester Hirsch 
I sat with trembling hands and a large lump in my throat as the 

evidence before me shamelessly and relentlessly made Its point again 
and again : 

Chemistry 3A-C 
Chemistry 38--C 
Chemistry lab--C 
Math 28-C 
Math 2O--C 
APIS 10-C. 

It was the beginning of winter quarter, sophomore year. I was alone 
In my dorm room. The elec troni cs were all off-No stereo, No TV, No 
light. No compassion. No understanding. No solace. Still, quiet air all 
about. 

Earlier in the afternoon, in an informal gathering With friends, we 
spoke about the grades that came in the mai.1 that day and our 
respective futures. Impressive sounding profeSSIOns: mediCine, law, 
business . My turn came around: " I think I want to be a doctor." 

I twas natu 'al , I suppose, for a friend to ask : "Well , what kind of 
grades do you have? You know you need all As in the sciences ." 

"Oh," I saic, ~y voice wavering just a bit. I confessed my science 
GPA was lowf'r ,than what I wanted it to be. 

"Co into s('c(o!ogy, thpn." was the answer. 
I excused m\oielf from the gathering and proceeded to take a long 

walk by the cliffs . I could not believe that I was " out of the race" to 
medical scho. )1 fter barely a year of co llege. It takes at least that long 
to get stablis d, to learn the system, to settle down! Would I be 
penalized fore er for a C in chemistry? Would I be shunned by ad-
missions of/it ers and flatly refused consideration because of two Cs In 
mathl Would I be denied entrance to the Biomed library because on 
my record there was written a ( in APIS 101 The master controllers of 
the events of my life were som tlmes ,mischievou , but w re they also 
dlabolicall 

I refused to believe it I could not allow mys If to b Ii v it 
Somewhere, d ep Inside the unverbalizable parts of my oul , I wanted 
a areer In medic," ,as a doctor How ould I claim, failur before I 
hdd ev n tart d? 

Continued on Page 3 

supposedly Intercepted Cam-
bodean radio messagf'S, reporting 
that the long sought for 
"bloodbath" is finally occurring 
in Cambodia. Is the media truly 
unahlp to learn? Clearly no one is 
that stupid The USIA employs 
the reporters ; the CIA employs 
the reporters; and the media is 
complicit in the lying. 

One would hope the people of 
the United States consider it an 
insult to their intelligence. 

Letters to the Editor 
• 

Coast Plan Hearing Set for May 23 
Over 1000 miles of coastline 

form the scenic western border of 
California. The rapid growth of 
population , development, and 
interest in exploiting the coastal 
zone 's natural resources have put 
our coas t in serious danger. In 
November, 1972, the voters of 
California took the first step to 
protect the coast region with the 
passage of the Coastal Initiative 
(Proposition 20) The initiative 
provided for the founding of the 
California Coastal Zone Con-
serva tion Commiss ion . Through 
thi s body a Coastal Plan for the 
protec tion and prese rva ti on 
would be prepared . 

Most of you will be affected by 
the coast plan Many of you have 
grown up along or near the 
California coast and have ex-
perienced first-hand the beauty 
and ' tranquility of the coastal 
zone . You have probably wit-
nessed the overdevelopment of 
both smal l towns and large 
metropolitan areas such as los 
Angeles / Orance County . You 
have seen the damage done by 
oils spills and sewage drainage, 
the blocked access to tidal zones, 
the threat of malfunctions in 
nuclear power plants - the list 
goes on . 

Some of you are from the 
inland portions of the state . For 
the inland resident, a trip to the 
ocean becomes very frustrating 
when you have to travel miles up 
and down the coas t to find a 

Th • .;rrlton Tim •• I. offlcl.lly 
recognized a. • .tudent newsp.p.r 
by the Communication. Boerd of 
UCSD. Publiution I. on Mondey • . 
W.d .... d • .,. . • nd Frld.y. during the 
regular .chool v .. r '.xc.pt on offlcl.1 
holiday.' . Edltorl.1 .nd bu.ln ... 
oftlc ... r. located In 117 Blak. H.II 
on the Rev.lI. Coli ... c.mpu •. 

l.n ... to the Editor .nd opinion 
column. ar. w.lcom.d. All .ub-
miNion. llIould b. typed on I Ii-
'rac. lin. on non-corr •• ibla p.per. 
Th.y .hould not .xc_d thr .. pag .. 
in I.ngth. The Triton Tim .. r_rv .. 
tt. right to Itdil .ubmillion. bec.u •• 
01 .PIC. limit.tion. Or .tyle 
,.qulrem.nta. 

For editori.l, call 462·3411; for 
bu.in .... nd .dYertlHm.nta, •• 11 412-
3481. 

publ ic beach. As citizerrs of 
California, we all have the legal 
nght to experience the ocean 
from the mean high tide line to 
three miles out to sea . The 
problem is finding sufficient 
publ ic access to the tidal zone . 

If you have any interest in, or 
appreciation of the coastline, the 
Coastal Plan will affect you . 
Whether you agree with the 
comm i sion 's findings and 
policies or not, you should 
familiarize yourself with the plan 
and act now. 

This is what you can do: as of 
this date, the commission has 
come up with a Preliminary oast 
Plan, which was written to be 
changed with thE' outcome of 
state-w ide r gional public 
hearing BaSically, the Plan 
covers public acces, d velop-
ment, tramportatlon , recreation, 
energy , marine and COd tal 

nvirom('nt, l and recom -

mendations for implementation 
of the plan . During May and June 
the public hearings will take 
place. Now is the time to find out 
the workings of the plan and 
voice suggestions and 
dissatisf action . 

For information on the Coast 
Plan please get in contact With 
your regional commi SS ion 's 
office ' 6154 Mission Gorge Rd , 
Suite 220, San Diego, 92120. Th y 
will be glad to supply you with a 
copy of the Pre I iminary Coast 

Plan and answer questions. A 
public hearing for your area wi ll 
be held on May 23, 9.15 am & 
3.30 pm, at the State Office 
Building Auditorium, B-109, 1350 
Front Street, San Diego. 

I t you have any further 
que tions please get in touch with 
me We can work together to save 
our coast or we can witness It 
de tructlon . Please, will you helpl 

DAVI D HANSCH 
U IVERSITY OF THE PACIFI 

Student Sees Very 
Little Happening Here 

As I sit back and look at the students here and observe all the bio or 
pre·med majors, I see very little happening SOCially, politically, or 
humanistically on this campus. I am glad that I haven't declared a 
major yet because I have not planned out my entire future life at 
present. 

Most studen ts here are nearly dead sou ls living in fresh and bones. 
They have already been swallowed up into the system. Studies are the 
overriding consumer of most student's free time. They tell me the job 
market is tough, but get good grades and you' ll get right in there . Boy, 
that sounds droll to me . I ask my friends what they plan to do with the ir 
lives . They tell me they are going to be doctors, lawyers, engineers, 
chemists, and (PAs. 

It all seems so self-centered to me. I think that they will be in for a 
shock when after they have secured their top paying jobs, they 
discover that the world is dead, the ocean poisoned, the air ruined, and 
half of the world starving. They" 1 say " if I only would've known before 
it was too late. People here are overly concerned with their own im-
mediate and future personal happiness. They should attempt to look at 
things from a worldly perspective . . 

Most stupents study here sO that they can help themselves get ahead 
after gtaduation. I plan to use my education to help others . What are 
you achieving by going to law school other than insuring yourself 
future wealth? Living at a university isolates students from the outside 
world. We live quite a sheltered life here. The world 's pressing 
problems get ' little time for thought or discussion because most 
students must attend to their homework all the time . 

What is necessary to get people involved in social problems, politiCS, 
pollution , and poverty? People deserve whatever happens when they 
decide not to take any part in their government, or society and its ills . 

The issue of mandatory or volun tary fees is a prime example of this 
school's apathy. Only 35% of the student body cared enough to vote 
on an issue that will affect all of us here at UCSD. I do not see too 
many deep, personal relationships between men and women, professor 
and student, and person with friend . For some reason people are afraid 
to get involved with anything other than a school book . 

This letter is meant to stir reaction and hopefully some persons will 
show their gumption and take the time to get involved . Helping 
anyone other than one's se lf i~ very rewarding. I f you completely 
disagree with what I have said , write a rebuttal to my letter. I hope I 
draw some reactions from both .s ides. Ac tion can prevent the imminent 
destruction of the ea rth . but we must act now. 

EDDIE JON ES 

John H . Taylor 
Editor· ;n·c"ief 

Edward Simons James G . Soto 
M e n.g ing e d itor City editor 

Charles Helmler Patti Wolf 
l'4ew • .-., Copy editOr 

Sara J. Lowen Mark WoeHler 
Editori ........ 

....... ... m.n.g.r 

Mark".r Larry Deckel 
Commu ..... An. editor 

Paul Wagner Tad Sperry 
SOOrlo ed,lor Photo edi tor 

Kathy Coxe 
Secr.I.ry 

• II •• I I I • I • I I •• I I , •• ",. " ••• t •••• • 

Wednesday, May 7,1975 Triton Time. Page three 

Student Warns of Danger of Y!\F Propaganda 
by Bob Novak 

While waiting for my Econ 2C 
lecture to start last Thursday, a 
tudent went LIP and down the 

dls les passing out folders, one of 
which I received . Opening it up, I 
found many pieces of literature. 
I t turned out to be propaganda 
for the Young American for 
Freedom, an extreme right-Wi ng 
conservative group . Reading 
through their propaganda , I 
found it filled With insults , 
hypocrisy, ignorance, miscon-
ceptions and militamm. 

The first thing I saw as I opened 
the fo lder was a pamphlet with 
the Question , "Are you old 
enough to make your own 
decisions?" It is very insulting to 
question people's maturity when 
they are making the transition 
into adulthood . It's a common 
tr ick among propagandists to 
catch a young adult's attention by 
doubti ng hi s maturity . This 
pamphlet dealt with student fees, 
and the YAF's view that they be 
vo luntary The pamphlet praised 
the freedom of choice in paying 
the fees, but where was my 
freedom when thi folder 'of 
propaganda was forced upon me? 

Looking through their other 
pamphlets. I realized that the YAF 

is very concerned with the 
relationship between government 
and business . Their literature 
contained unceasi ng glorification 
of the virtues of complete and 
total free enterpri se and an In· 
tense dislike for any form of 
gover nment interference . The 
YAF made several good points for 
the separation of government and 
bUSiness with regard to 
economics, but their argument 
cannot be ex tended to the 
separation of the two with regard 
to ecology (a lthough the Y AF 
~trongly asserts it can) . The free 
enterpreneurs (the heroes of YAF 
propaganda). are individuals who 
are out to maximize profits while 
minimizing costs. Steel 
manufacturer are not going to 
in tall anti -pollution equipment 
In their factories as this will raise 
their cost and lower their profits. 
This results in dirty, unclean air 
and a hazard to a city's populace, 
while ruin ing the view. The only 
way to prevent this is through 
gover nment intervention and 
regulation to protect the nation's 
environment and citizenry . Un· 
iortunately, the YAF is too blind 
to see this, due to their complete 
intertwining of economics and 
political freedom , where the 

s l ighte~t bi t of gover nm ent 
regulation , for whatever purpose , 
is seen as the fi rst step to their 
10 5 of freedom . 

The folder also contained a 
pamphlet promoting a book by 
other young conservatives called 
"The Incredible Bread Machine." 
Thi book also extols the virtues 
of a free market and how it will 

~olve our problems. On the ba k, 
the pamphlet gives a short 
biography of the IX members 
who contributed to the book , 
their ages rangi ng from 2) to 26. 
Not one of them (count 'em, not 
one), has a degree in economicsl 
How can they expect us to 
believe in the book's cred ibility 
when Its authors have none? And 
as if to make up for this 
deficiency in credibility, they list 
several endorsements by con-
servati ve economics professors, 
Including our own Daniel Orr 
(who in the late 60 s found 
himse lf at odds with the left wing 
SDS) . I fail to see how economics 
professors can give a book on 
economics credence when it has 
none to begin with . 

The YAF propaganda also dealt 
With politics and the individual. 
One of their pamphlets pointed 
out how well known American 

Senior Describes Pre-Med Experience 
Continued from Pilige 2 

So I continued on and on and 
on . Struggling, sweating, suffering 
through all the courses wi th 
which those in the game learn to 
know so well : O . Chern, Biochem, 
Physi ca I Bioc hem, Genetics , 
Mole Bio, Cell Bio, Labs, and 
more . Some turned out well, 
others, well, not so well . MeAT 
once , MCAT twice, applications, 
anxiety, phone calls, transcripts, 
letters of recommendation, fees, 
research , 199, T A, extracurricular 
this and that, and then waiting, 
wai ting, waiting, waiting . 

Acceptances began to trickle 
in . But not for me. 

"She got in back east" 
" He got accepted at UClA, 

UCSD, U(SF, UCD, UCi , Stan-
ford, .. :: . 

"They both got in at Chicago. " 
I congratulated the appropriate 

peop le at the appropriate times·. 
Smiles and heartfelt best wishes 
tor a successful future . But not for 
me . Should it have been 
soci ology? 

Then one fi ne evening I ca lled 
home . A letter from USC medical 
school . 

. 

"Certi fied mail , Tim, -- I signed 
for you . shall I open it?" 

Yes, yes, yes yes yes. 

JL Birth y ContrQI 
Institute 

I non.."o'U 
public Mrvlce 

.,.ncy 

• Counseling 

• Pregnancy Testing 
~ Abortion 

• Birth Control 

• VlS8Ctomy 
• Female Sterilization 

Call BCI for 
conf,dential I$sist.nce 

(7141 283·8351 
(714) 560-5757 

" Dear Mr. Hirsch, it is a 
pleasure to notify you ...... 

Thank you , masked man . 

• * * 

I write to you now from the 
very euphoric position of one 
who has been accepted and can 
relax a bit now that one race is 
over . Bu t I bear the scars of being 
a pre-med. The Struggle is uphill , 
difficu It and sometimes almost 
hopeless . This I know. I feel it is 
my obligation to suggest to all 
duty bound pre-meds some 
thoughts on the subject of The 
Struggle which must religiously 
be adhered to to avoid permanent 
paralysis of the mind and to 
prevent pu trification of one's 
individuality . They were, quite 
honestly, essential to my own 
survival. 

Declaring oneself a premedical 
student does not give one the 
liberty of shutting off the rest of 
the world and the people in it 
There is more to life than the 
Krebs Cycle and more to people 
than a CPA . It is quite easy to 
ignore everything excep t one's 
books and one's chances for an A 
In Smith's 110B 

I doubt very much if there is so 
readily available on " the outside" 
such a wide variety of ex-
perien ces and possible en -

counters with ideas, knowledge, 
and people as there is here. It is 
incumbent upon all of us to seek 
them out, to use them , to enjoy 
them , to make them our own . 
Four years go by fast. If the only 
accomplishment one has been 
able to achieve is acceptance to 
medica l school , then I consider 
the four years that person spent 
here a waste. THERE IS MORE TO 
LIFE THAN GODDAMN 
MEDICAL SCHOOL ! 

The decision to become a 
doctor is both a difficult and 
noble ·one. Associated with that 
decision is the knowledge that 
the future holds much hard work 
and se lf-sacrifice . But it can not 
be lISed as an excuse for 
developing a philistine outlook. 
There is too much to enjoy, 
contemplate, and do. Do not lock 
yourself up in a library. 

At the risk of becoming 
unreadably saccharine, I will end. 
I beg all of us not to forget : 

-- the beauty of a sunset viewed 
from the cI iffs, 

-- the profound revelation 
which art and poetry can give, 

--the inner peace music can 
provide, 

--the thrilling feeling of love, 
and 

--t he sound of one hand 
clapping. 

SP(CIAl GUEST STAR 

'HOIII 11l0III 
THURSDAY MAY 8 

un Dll!2!.~~~5~ HALL 
T,ck,t. Av.,lable It San OiOIO CIVIC loeatre Box OffIce. 

3,d Ind " 8" Str •• t.! HI,hllnCl'r Men 5 Stores III Melro I\Ieneies. 
tor InlormaliOll call 236·6510. 

inventors (Edison, Ford and ihe 
Wright Brothers ) used their 
" INDIVIDUAL initiative to solve 
problems" The pamphlet seems 
to be making a case against 
public protests as it derides those 
who lobby, politic, demonstrate 
and demand to chan ge things 
Like good conservatives, they're 
trying to de-fuse all potential 
oPPOSition to the government in 
order to malnta in law, order and 
the status quo by using the in-
dividual achievements of other 
Americans as examples . 

A scientist, working alone , can 
olve a science-related problem . 

But one ci tizen cannot 
Inglehandedly solve problems 

regarding the nation and society . 
Would the US government have 
withdrawn from Vietnam a few 
years ago if I had written the 
President telling him to do Sol Of 
course not. Solutions to problems 
dealing with the welfare of the 
nation and its citizens requi res 
massive, and violent protest If 
necessary, against an intransigent 
government. The YAF is at-
tempting to deceive and divide 
the opposition to keep it 
disorganized because they realize 
that a united opposition will force 
changes. 

Continuing along the political 
views of the YAr , I realized that 
they pose a threat to world peace 
and order and the very eXistence 
of the human race On the back 
of the first pamphlet I mentIOned 
is an article cal led "The Sharon 
Statement," which IS the creed of 
the Y AF . I t lists several POI nts, but 
the last thre are th most 
seriOus, being "That the forces of 
International Communism are, at 
present, the greatest single threat 
to these liberties , that the United 
States should stress victory over, 
rather than coexistence with, this 
menace; and that American 
foreign policy must be judged by 
thiS cri tenon- does it serve t!le 
just interests of the United 
Statesr' 

Let me point out that the 
Sharon Statement was adopted In 
1%O! I t IS completely Irrelevant 
in 1975 . This is cold war policy 
that IS outdated (alt hough 
conservatives won' t admit It). The 
greatest proof that It's outdated IS 
the recent fall of South Vietnam 
to the Communists . After )0 years 
of fighting the colonialist French 
and the Imperialist Americans, 
the Vietnamese have finally 
succeeded i n freeing their 

Continued on Page 4 

Conversation on Christian Social Witness 
ChrIStian Witness in Representative Societies )OH C MAYER, 
Staff Member, Commission on Mission and Evangelism, World 
Council of (hurches . 

United Campus Ministry, 
Wednesday, May 7 
Revelle Formal Lounge, 7-9 '00 PM 

A collection of prize-winning and 
specially selected films presented at the annual 

New York Erotic Film Festival. 

A film \OU \\un ' t ~ce on Ic!C\IMOn for a long. long time . 

THE 
BI.iJHT OF THE 

NF':;WYORK 
EROTlt" }11ILM Fl]1~HT]VAI.J 

Saturday, May 10 Mair G m 
, 2 show 7 -9 9:30- 1 1 :30 

$1.50 advance Rec G m office 
$2 at the door 

R.lh: c..t X Unt..ICI 17 Ilul :::uJml tlt...-d 

, 



Page four 

by Charles Helm ler 

Paco's a goddam, lazy pig, with his white be II bottom and paunch. 
He fucks up in the clutch, can be coun ted on to send the ball high Just 
as his opponent wavers. He also hasn't made any money for anybody in 
two years. 

But, Paco knows all thiS, which makes him the only player in the 
whole Jai Alai Palace with class . 

That's it. That's the co lumn. Fooled you, huh. Well , that's the way it 
goes in this game, never let them know what's coming. Keep 'em on the 
edge. A little constipation during Mass. 

Speaking of Mass, the only bit I can remember is the ushers' smiles 
during collection, the first one . That and the idiot Dominican who tried 
to recruit me to a seminary. That priest played the piano and I think he 
stole wine from the cellar for dates with the Chi Ro Club president's 
mother I didn't go to thE! seminary . I went to pot. 

Greg, the red-haired demon, keeps handing me these bongs . 
"Take thiS , take this . just one more. It's good and healthy and you' ll 

wake up re-freshed in the morning." He told me that last night, and this 
morning I felt like shit . But, he's sticking the bong in front of my nose. 
Well , OK Greg, you're such a man. (Where's the match?) 

" I fall to pieces ... each time you call my name." (That's what Linda 
sa ng to me last Saturday night. That true to life experience will be re-
lated in a forthcoming "Wipe With This .)" 

Now back to matters at hand. Speaking of hands ... 1 used to be 
enthralled with looking at guys' crotches. But, finally, I gave up 
wishing I was hung bigger, because if I was I'd then need a bigger hand. 

Oh, Tony s.ays he don't think they're gonna print this because it's 
garbage. G-A-R-B-A-H-j . Garbarj . As in Maharish i. 

So, the way things WERE goin' to go, Paco, it turns out, is bet on by 
all these stupid Americanos. They don't know their ass from a whole in 
the wall. 

Triton Times " '<'dne day, May 7.1975 
Coop ... 

Continued from P~le 1 pOSitIOn of ('xtf'r nal affairs Karen Stl'entotte announ rei 
There IS a non-recognizance on coordi nator sta tewide, who well that ~tatewlde applications ,up 
the issue. Tbe referendum will take office May 16 and continue ,till being accepted lor thr 
have to be raid for " throughout next year . position of director of the UC 

The AdvIsory Committee on LiMandri and Irma Munoz were Student Lobby . The application) 
Student Fees Programs, which nominated as cocoordinator , are due May 15 and can be founei 
over ees all student money, is while Fred Speck and Brian on the second floor of the studen t 
expected to undertake the matter . O'Laughlin were nominated center . The job begins on July 1, 

In other business, the Coop individually. The election will be pays $750.00 a month. and 15 
nom i nil ted four ..I:pe=oJ::p.:.::le:......;.fo=-r:-.....;t;.;.he;;;...........:.h.:.::e~ld::.....:.::ne:..:.x;.;.t ....:.w:..:e:..::e:::.k~. ________ o""oe=n:...:,otq, a lisen i ors . 
YAF ... 

continued from P~le 3 
country of all foreign domination 
and in reuniting it under one, 
legitimate government. This has 
been their goal all along. They are 
not the puppets of Moscow and 
Peking, all of which are part of 
one i nterna tional, monol ithic 
movement designed to establish 
communist governments the 
world over. just the attempt to 
contain and not rollback, commu~ism in Korea and 
Vietnam cost 89,000 American 
lives alone. 

I, for one, would not like to 
give my life to the defense of an 
outdated foreign policy . I n order 
for the US to achieve victory over 
commun is m would require 

cIIa'Lon 
:Jz.wefe.u 5-

§i(t~ 
·Cu.1tom Ccutin.9 

g ou.mii.l'u. 
c::SUfJ£umitf'u 

:J£wd'11 a.n.d <Wa.tch 
upaitin..9 

devasttng China, the Soviet Unioh 
and Eastern Europe with nuclear 
weapons. It's on ly obvious that 
these countries would reta liate 
with nuclear weapons of their 
own, and the resulting fallout 
would have a damaging effect on 
the survivors and the en-

vironment. Such militarism is 
clearly dangerous to all of us . 

I trongly urge all students to 
beware of the extremist Young 
Americans for Freedom. Their 
philosophy contains an assort-
ment of hypocrisy, ignorance, 
misconceptions and militarism 

Firebird Sports & Foreign Car 
Service 

7638 Fay Ave., La Jolla, California 92037 
454-1920 

Serving arltleh, French, laoN.n end 
J .... _c ... 

'0 PMCen' DlM:ou,,' with UCSD Studen, aod'( Cllni 

Get 
If you are Interested or have knowledge in any of the 

following areas : Films, Lectures, Dance/Drama. Music 
(Classical, Contemporary, Folk. etc.). or Gym Concerts 
(Rock. Jazz, R&B , Folk , Pop). and want to help schedule 
these events for next year. then you can apply for a CPB 
subcommittee. Sign up through Thursday,May 8th, at the 
Arts & Lectures Off ice. Student Center. or call x4090. 

So Paco knows all thiS , so he purposely throws the games because all DIAMONDS ENGRAVING 
the locals, who are the real intelligent ones, know better than to bet on STONE SETIING Involved Paco and instead bet the sleeper. Then Paco shows, and the sleeper's odds builds up the place pool, and the locals collect and the stupid 937 Grand Ave. 
Am~icamgo~~ebM . :;:::12=: OO:t:O:5:::00=::=~::::::::::::::;::==:;;;;~ jesus Christ, I look up and I got a whole page to go. So Tony says III!------------
write about his dog Pavement. The one who ate Greg's Earth Shoe. Bit 
the elevated toe right off . Now Greg's worried about his posture, and 
his footprints on the beach. B-I -T-C-H. 

But Tony's dog is not a bitch . It is a boy-dog. It is a nice dog. He is 
pretty . He is smart. He is loyal. See him rlln Run, Pavement, run. Run 
and sh~ on the rug. Good boy, Pavement . I love you . 

WWr#3 was gonna' be about a med-school student who fi nds as hiS 
first cadaver, his pet dog he lost when he was an undergraduate. 

WWT #4 was gonna' be about a med-school student who finds as his 
fir t cadaver his pregnant wife he shot In a heat of passion one year 
before enteri ng med-school. As the first specimen in embryology he 
f i nd~ the fetus 

Well , that's enough for now. Tune In "ext time Unti l then, Happy 
Trails 

Hey, Paco's stil l at the Fronton . Go and see him. And bet on hi.m Be 
a stupid American Might as well show your greenbacks and confirm It, 
rather than leaving folks to wonder. Go to bar. I know a good one. The 
Sunri es are nice and sweet 

Now, tha c's really enough. I need another hit. So long, 50 long, so 
long. 

iNfiNity SURF SHOP 
South Mission Beach 

CUS7iOM SURFBOARDS 
$95.00 

Any Si~e or shape. Fully guaranteed 
ALSO : From Hawaii , a complete line of SAM HAWK and 
DICK BREWER SURFBOARDS. 
AND : Balsa Boards , Kneeboards , Boogies , skateboards, 
wetsuits , churchill fins , trunks, shirts and sandels . 

ALL USED BOARDS ON SALE! 
2912 Mission Blvd . South Mission Beach 

-----488-9202------
10% discount on any item with this ad 

\\edncsday.l\iay 7.1975 Triton Times Page five 

Traditionalist 
Among the 
Avant-Garde 

by Daniel Shawle, 
Staff Writer 

Contrasti ng the avant-garde faculty of the UC San 
Diego music department is the Violin and bow of 
ProfeHor Rafael Druian, a man With a very 
tradl teonal mLlslcal background 

Drulan. hailed once by the New York H raid as "a 
Violinist of first rank, " was born In Vologda, Russia , 
In 1922. One year later his famely relocated in 
Havana. uba, where he star t d his violin studies . 
In 1931. after moving to Philadelphia, Druian 
,!uditioned for Leopold Stokowski , and was 
recommended to the Cu rtis Institute of Music. 
While at the Institute, Druian studied under Lea 
Luboschultz and Efrem Zimbalist 

After the war Druian became the concertmaster 
of the Dallas Symphony. In 1949, he took the same 
pos ition with the Minneapolis Symphony In 1960, 
he became the concertmaster of the Cleveland 
Symphony under the baton of George Szell , a 
po Ition he retained until 1971 when he became the 
concertmaster of the New York Philharmonic . 

Among Innov~tors 
From there, Druian went on to become a member 

of the music faculty at this school in the role of 

Druian appreciates need 
for experimentation 

traditionalist among innovators . It was precisely 
this reason , he says, that brought him to the UCSD 

Although he has nothing to do with the avant-garde 
,lpproach of the music department, Druian ap-
precia te the need for an experimental approach to 
mUSIc. Druian maintains that while there may not 
be many good works because of the experimental 
nature of avant-garde music , the benefits that come 
trom the better work 5 are certainly of valtle. 

UCSD Professor Druian, former New York 
Philharmonic concertmaster. 

tradl tionallyoerformed concert music by records and 
tapes . He feels heavy reliance upon the recorded 
media In place of live performances is a mistake, 
although Druian admits that an area such as San 
Diego doe not offer much in the way of quality live 
performances. Professor Druian says "a live per-
iormance will vary in intensity. A recording will 
never vary . It will lose its flavor." 

In his role as a teacher. Druian is disappointed In 
the construc tion of the Mandeville center. He says 
its facilities are " totally inadequate, " for not only is 
there a lack of rehearsal and practice space, but 
much of what there is is handicapped by the loud 

Recorded sound: 
too easy to fake through 

rumble of the air cond itioning system. (His office in 
the Mandeville center is a perfect example. The 
f'ver present noise is so loud that it can actually 
cause iatigue In a short while) 

Maybe we can find you 
a new one out of Calif. 

call 459-0661 for 
interview. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon .-Sat. 
8:45--5:30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

ELECTION FOR REPRESENTATIVES 
TO THE 

MUIR COLLEGE COUNCIL 
MAY 14/15 

Candidate petitions available at Mu ir Deans Office and 
must be submitted by Thursday May 8 

7~~~ 
ad~~ 

Iw-tk~-I~,~ 
.. E-e ~ t/Ir"",,,,tIf. e.1::.. ~~ 

/u-1/I4 ... , 
WEDNESDAY, May 14 MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
8 :00 p.m . U.C.S.D. Student $1.00 Gen . Admission 
$2.00 Tickets available at Student Center Box Off ice 
452-4559 or 452-4092 

• • 
- - - - - - -One of Druian 's objections to avant-garde musIc 

I, the use of visual effects. He feels that there I 
"enough In music , old and new, to not warrant the 

lI~e of VI ual effects ." He view the use of such 
!'ifect as a form of entertai nment, and is adament 
In exp laining that musi c IS not entertainment, but 
,ut To Drulan, "music IS an enveloping term " He 
gives a an example Mozart . a composer he greatly 
,!elmlre According to Druian , Mozart was a 

lompo~er who went so tar beyond entertainm ent 
thdt he wa more entertaining than he ould have 

Drulan much preferred the old facilities on 
Matthew's campus , saYing that they were much 
quieter and more conducive to music. Having never 
per formed In the auditorium or recital hall, Druian 
could not make any comments on their quality . 
However, calling upon his experience as a lectu rer 
In the reCital hall , Druian did offer the suggestion 
that the nOISY risers on which the chairs are placed 
be removed and a small tage be subs titu ted tn their 
place 

I - - - - - - ~I 
I ~~~~~~ 

t ~U~A~q)~~~W~ ~ 
been otherwi . 

Another aspect of avant-garde musIc that Druia n 
tlnds unappealinij IS Its heavy use of recorded 
, Cllnd He believes that an undisciplined composer 
can lake his way through the medium too eastly 
I ven dwel l tnformed Itstener IS unable to make a 
quality ludgment upon one Itstenlng. 

Mistake 
Druian views with regret the replacement of the 

Even though UCSD has one of the best avant-
garde mU'olc departm.ents in the country, the 
,rudents should apprecia te the presence of such a 
traditiona l mUSIcian as Rafael DrUian All musIc IS 
bui It on that which precedes it Withou t Bach there_ 
would b no Mozart, without MOlart there would 
be no Debus y, without Debussy there would be no 
Schoenberg, and Without Schoenberg there would 
be no avant-garde mu ic . And for thi reason , even 
the most modern of composers and musicians 
~hou ld I ay homage to the tradition that precedes 
them . 

I 

~ 
• 

I_ 

BY Stanley Kubrick 
with Peter Sellers 
and George C. Scott 

Thurs. 28th Mandeville Aud . 7:30 & 10 $1 

--

.KI VP .& STO •• 
Spring Ski Sale 

All new clothing and skiis 
at rock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY A"ENU~ 
4~4-1410 

Come celebrate Revelle's 10th birthday at the 
EI Cortez Hotel on May 9th from 8 pm to 1 am. 
Tickets are available at the Student Center Box 
Office for only $13 /couple (free parking available). 
More infonnation available and carpools forming 
(drivers needed) at the Revelle Resident Dean's 
office. 

- --
- - -------

Applications are now being accepted for the new Mesa Apartments that will be 
available for the fall 1975 opening . 

THE APARTMENTS: 
Are located 11/2 miles east of thecampus ; 
Are two bedroom furnished units ; 
Will accommodate up to four students ; 
For UCSD students only ; 
Resident advisors will be available ; 
Bicycle path has been marked ; 
San Diego Transit Buses operate from the apartments ; 
Linens furnished and laundered weekly ; 
Approximately $92.00 a month per student ; 

NEED HOUSING? 
STudENTS MAy Apply iNdividUAlly OR iN GROUPS elf 2, J, ttR 4 
Applications and further in format ion may be obtained from the Housing 
Assistance Office 
located in Building 11250 Matthews CalT'pus , 
Telephone number is 452-3670. or you may write to : 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
BOX 109, LA JOll'A , CALIFORNIA 92037 
ATTN : HOUSING ASSISTANCE OFFICE 

0-020, BUILDING 11250 MC 

~ 

I 

-



Triton Tim •• 

Aart-Vark ' 
~1~lH'Im ChlMeRt 

Writ. 
--:;:.-r--:. :-::-:~.~-:-"'":""':jr;-art el\hibit that I've yet to see 
Is now on displaY the hills surrounding UC San 
Diego I stumbit'd on it quite by accident when 
looking for a fri nd's house out on Carmel Valley 
Road; the wild flowers have never looked quite so 
splendid, showing off colors in purple and yellow 
patterns that are almost too vivid to believe. 

Leucadia is blossoming into fields of rain-
bows ... lt's a show that I hope you take time to 
enJoy, a walk in the flowers would do you good. 

Art 
I did pull myself away from the outdoors to catch 

some more traditional art shows that you might ' 
like-The Artist Cooperative Gallery on India st. and 
the Griffin Art Editions Gallery in the Old Market 
Place are both displaying ceramic show that are 
examples of some very fine, innovative ceramic 
sculpture design. 

At the Museum of Contemporary Art in La jolla 
through May 27 is a show of selected student art 
work from the schools of San Diego county. 
Viewers will have the opportunity to see sOO'le of 
the creative, exciting art experiences in which 
young people of the San Diego area are inyolved. 
Works from the kindergarten level to 12th grade 
will be represented. 

On May 9-11, Gallery 8, located at the In-
ternationa� Center on Matthews campus, will hold 
an exhibit of authentic pieces and master copies of 
traditional and ethnic art entitled " Double Ex-
posure." The exhibit will focus on the distinction 
between the original work of art and the coun-
terfeit, and the value of both . Although the exhibit 
is primarily of an educational nature, several of the 
copies will be for sale. 

The show will be open on Saturday and Sunday 
from 10 to4pm . 

jehanne Teilhet, assistant professor of visual arts 
at UCSD and anthropologist Judith Green, a 
wcclallst In Meso-American art, will conduct an 
Informal workshop, free of charge, on Saturday 
afternoon starting at 1 pm 

At the Fine Arts Gallery in Balboa Park through 
June 15 is a show of Japanese screens and costumes 
from Ganery and local collections The show, 
which features an especially beautiful pair of six 
panel screens with landscape paintings in Sumi by 
Sesson, 1504-1589 (Muromachi Period, 1333-1573), 
is sponsored by the Asian Arts Committee . 

Music 
The l,a Jolla Sinfonia will play the season's last 

concert on May 10 at 8 pm in Sherwood Hall of the 
La JoJla 'Museum of Contemporary Art . Three 
~olOists will be featured with the orchestra under 
the baton of Maestro John Carvey. 

Violinist Glenn Dicterow will play the Men-
dellsohn Violin Concerto, and tenor Michael Sells 
and frenc;h hornist Jerry Folsom will join the or-
chestra to play Benjamin Britten's Serenade for 
Tenor; Horn, and String Orchestra . 

Carvey has also programmed the famed 
Pachelbel Canon in D Major and the Corelli 
Concerto Grosso, Opus 6, NO. 8. 

The Sinfonia announced this week its plans .to 
move from Sherwood Hall to the Spreckel's 
Theater; Broadway and Second, for the 1975-76 
season . further information about Sinfonia con-
certs may be obtained by calling The Turntable in 
La folia . 

Union of Jewish Students The Plebian 
Indian Arts 

Dr. Munay Baumgarten will speak on 
SHOLOM ALEICHEM 

Room HL 1148 , .. May it ... 8:00 
Shabbat Dinner, Muir apartment 

TV Lounge, Friday May 9 

Amenun Indi'ln Jewelry 
The PerfecrCift 
for Mother's Day 

Custom Silverwork and Repairs 

Max Voronell, eminent Soviet Jewish physicist 
will speak at HL Aud, May 13 ... 8:00 454-1888 , 

834 Kline, La jolla I 

-

the LOTTE GOSLAR 
PANTOMIME CIRCUS 

Friday I May 16 · Mande\'ille Auditorium 8 pm 

"One of the world's greatest artists. An audience of 
more than 2,000 was held spellbound." San Francisco Chronicle 

U.C.S,D, Student 52, 53. 
General Admission $4, 55. 
Tickets available at U.C.S.D. Student Center BOll Office 
452-4559 or 452-4092. 

fAcuLTY NOTiCE 
, 

All 'aculty who will be partiCipating in Commencement Ceremonies 

must place their cap, gown and hood orders before May 16th, 1975. 
Thf University Bookstore is nOw taking orders. Questions regarding 
academic attire should be directed to Cindy Beyer, ext. 3770. 

Vaudeville Revival 
Vaudeville wi II have a one-night revival · Saturday when the Great 

Western Salt Company presents its fourth annual dance concert at 7:30 
pm in the Mandeville auditorium'. 

Titled "The Great Da.nce Robbery, " the UC San Diego student dance 
program will include tap and strip numbers, rock and roll musical 
chairs (above),·and a Wild West suite. 

Guest artist Claudia Dyson, San Diego professional dancer and 
dance teacher, will be featured In a jazz solo number. 

Also highlighted will be a ragtime dance performed by students Joan 
Galley, Laura Grabel and joanne Korner. 

Artistic director of the 20-member student dance group is Marjorie 
McNair of the UCSD Department of Physical Education. 

Admission is " free for one dime." 

Music for Mothers 
Mother's Day, this Sunday, will be commemorated by UC San Diego 

musicians with a concert of music by Frank Zappa at 8:00 pm in the 
Mandeville recital hall . 

This tribute to Zappa will feature instrumental and vocal music 
written early in his career . Ensembles range from " little House I Use to 
Live In," with a piano solOist, to " Brown Shoes Don't Make It," which 
features 13 musicians, including a string quartet . Some of Zappa 's less 
well known music such as "Music for Electric Violin and Low Budget 
Orchestra" and " Igor's Boogie" will also be performed . 

The program was arranged and coordinated by Richard Ogden, a 
senior student in.the UCSD music department. 

The concert is free and open to the publ ic . 

Concert of Indian Music 
Patronage of classical Indian music has passed from temples, to the 

courts of kings, and finally to the modern concert hall. Residents of the 
San Diego area will have the opportunity on Saturday at 8:30 pm in the 
Mandeville recital hall to see and hear some of South India's finest 
musicians. The UC San Diego music department will host both a 
lecture-demonstration and formal concert by T. Vi~wdnathan , flute; l. 
Subramaniam, violin ; T. Ranganathan and Dougies Knight drum . 

Beginning at 4:00, the lecture-demonstration in the rec'ital hall will 
include such topics as th~ theory of South Indian melody and rhythm , 
the instruments and their functions, and classical compositional forms . 
I t is intended' to acquaint the audience with one of India's two main 
systems of music in preparation for the evening's concert. 

Viswanathan and Ranganathan, who are brothers, are musicians of 
exceptional calibre and reknown. They have appeared in concerts in 
major US cities, in Europe and at the East-West Conference in Tokyo, 
and have taught South Indian music for several years at Connecticut 
Wesleyan University, and are currently teaching at the California 
I nstitute for the Arts. 

To compliment thiS event, the San Diego India Association will stage 
a fair, in the Mandeville Center, highlighting costumes, food, and 
crafts of every Indian state. 

~INCONCERT~ 
III!!!ldt 

NAY 1 

NAY" 

WEATHER REPORT 
BILLY COBHAM 

JEFF BECK 
MAHAVISHNU ORCH. 

wmt JOHIY He IAlJGHUN 

COMING IN JUNE 
WAR 

ZZTOP 

Wednesday. May 7.1975 Triton Times 
Weekend Event 

A Strange - Initia~ion to Biking 
by Scott S.dil 
Staff Writer 

Perched on my 11-yellr-old ten-
speed, I nervously listened to the 
starter give the final pre-race 
instructions. Was I crazy to be 
here? These guys around me 
really look serious. Look at their 
outfits. Each one has on those 
special cycling shoes with the 
holes all Qver them. And racing 
shorts. And some are wearing 
helmets. My God! Was the 
competition going to be 50 in-
tense that such a precaution was 
necessary? I thought this was a 
bike race, not the Indy 500! 

And the bicycles these guys 
have. I haven 't seem 50 many 
foreign words since my tenth-
grade German class . And there 
isn ' t a spot of rust on any of them . 
I wouldn't be surprised if both 
brake worked on everyone of 
those bikes 

Somehow I feel out of place. A 
~urf-shi rt and hurraches just don't 
~e m to be fitting. And my bike 
So mu h rust. And all of those 
broken pokes . And the cut brake-
cable tied in a bow around the 
hand1 bars. At lea t there is no 
way that anyone ca n tell that only 
four of my gears are of any use. 
Oh well, I thought to myself . I've 
come this far. I might as well go 
through with this thing. 

Feel for Sport 

This "thing" was the men's 
divis ion for UC San Diego 
students at the cycling cham-
pionships held Saturday north of 
the Central library . This race 
preceeded the Southern 
California Intercollegiate Cycling 
Championships held later that 
day. I had entered my race to get 
a better feel (ala George Plimp-
ton) for a sport to which my 
closest previous contact had been 
my daily leisurely two-mile ride to 
and from school. Before returning 
to the details of my illustriOUS 
cycling debut, allow me to fulfill 
the requirements of my 
profession and report on the 
other events of the day. 

In the featured. ·,."collegiate 
race, UCSD, led bf ffCond place 
finisher larry Railden, captured 
the team championst\ip against a 
very limited field of competition. 
The race, 25 laps ilround the 1.4-
mile course that included a steep 
200-meter uphill pun, was ex-
tremely close from surt to finish . 
rour cyclists, ~Ploying the 
drafting technique. broke away 
from the field of fifteen entrants . 

Drafting enaf.>les a group of 
riders to go faster than singles 
because only the leader of the 
pack has to fight the wind . The 
other cyclists are pulled along 
and can conserve strength. By 

} immy WaJker, winner in the 
intercollegiate men's division . 

continually changing the lead 
throughout the members of the 
group, the entire group can make 
better time. 

Th lead pack stayed together 
for the entire 35 miles of the race 
a'nd it was simply a question of 
who had the strongest sprint at 
the end in determihing the 
winner . Jack Mauck, last year's 
lunior state spring champion from 
Santa Monica ce, had the kick to 
win . Following VCSD's Rairden 
were Michael Hoshko and Paul 
Freman , both from San Diego 
State . By what seemed to be 
spontaneouslv derived scoring-

7 ....... 

IMOI"M OWMKD AND ONIt"TKO 
AUTHENTIC INDIAN JEWELRY 

MOCCAIIINS • ~TTI:RY - .AIKI:TS - RUGS 
M"OK"NK NK"_N 

KU""TIt'_ 
, ... C"MINO OK 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fitted 
repairs 
hours mon.-In 10:30 - 8'00 
$II 10·6 Clowd sundays 

arena blvd. 

224-2974 

~ystem, n cessary because of the 
hortage of most team 's 

representation, UCSD was 
declared the team Champion . 
rifth place finisher Brooks 
McKinney of UCSD was, I think, 
the determining finisher. 

I n the women's intercollegiate 
race, Hannah North of Mesa 
College out-rode the only other 
member of the field, UCSD's Julie 
Coakley . 

I n another two-woman contest, 
the race open to female UCSD 
students, Michele Kinyon 
defeated Nancy Blachman. 

Not So Su.re 
As I mentioned earlier, my 

cycling experience is limited. 
However, Friday night: in a fit of 
athletic and journalistic 
dedication, I decided I would try 
my luck. After an extra half-hour 
of Yoga practice, a 9:30 pm bed· 
time, and a healthy breakfast of 
yogurt, Crar>enuts, and raisins, I 
felt I was ready . Later on , sitting 
at the tarting line, I wasn 't quite 
ure. 

Before I cou ld chicken-out, 
however, the race began . In a 
flurry of writhing posteriors we 
were off. Half way up the steep 
hill I realized that this really was a 
serious sporting event As I 
reached the top of this grueling 
climb I thought to myself, " Hey, 
wait for me!" as by now most of 
the other qclists were strung out 
far ahead of me. As I struggled 
alone the back straight-away a 
dreadful thought occurred to me. 
might finish last!· Could my 
athletic pride take such a blow? 

U,CSD won the team championship in very limited com· 
pelttlon. 
At the end of the first lap (the maybe, I could hold on for 

race was scheduled for three) I another lap. I continued . 
glanced behind me. I was still 
ahead of some riders . But as I was 
eHortiess ly passed by two cyclists 
on the hill , I realized that maybe I 
had worked too hard at the 
beginning and everyone else 
would be strong at the finish . 
Already I was pooped. I seriously 
considered continuing straight on 
old Highway 101 to escape this 
event that was threatening to 
destroy my last ounce of self-
confidence 

But a vision of George Plimp-
ton climbing up a ladder to the 
take-off platform after having just 
fallen head first Into a net 
becau e he could not complete 
the Imple trick of swinging on a 
trapeze, spurred me on 

Just before ending my second 
lap, I noticed that my back tire 
was flat Here was my chancel A 
graceful wi thdrawal because of 
mechanical difficulties. A sound 
excuse. But there was still one 
rider behind me. Maybe, just 

.,.. 
,j.J.JJ~ ,} . .J}J) 

I toiled up that damned hill. 
Legs throbbing, heart pounding. I 
strained along the back-stretch, 
then down Genessee and into the 
home-stretch. Was I going to do 
It? No. One hundred yards from 
the end I was passed . As I crossed 
the finish-line I was given a pitiful 
courtesy applause by a few 
spectators and I tfled to smile to 
h ide my disappointment 
Someone laughed at me and 
made a comment about my 
deflated tire I was too dejected 
to ay anything back . But then, It 
happened Casually pedaling 
toward the finish-line was another 
entrant He looked like he had 
lust finsihed a short Sunday ride 
But that meant I hadn' t lost the 
race I hadn' t lost! I had beat him ! 
Ah, the thrill of competition . It's 
good to be alive . 

By the way, Jimmy Walker was 
the winner of this race Erick 
Macy finished second and Dan 
Crane was third I have no idea 
how close a race it was . 

f)NQJA 
---'- '--1 

A fully paid YllClltion for two anywhere in the United 
5t_ .. of America or Mexico induding lir fere, lodging 

15 dlysl4 nights), Ind spending moneyl 
lOr S1.200 cash!) 

:ffiu & :JJfu 
tSl._ ...... IUOO 1,,-",,_"-
Lion .Iotlllole ...... 

'tL I oN't 
(Twen'V·four WIn .... , 

" ..... .-
.." ....... , to your 

f.~ .... Of' 
... 1onoi .... _.1 

ts...... ",,""'oil Win .... ' 
.. among 1M "rI' 700 
~ ,. come ""0 0 ... of 
our thNe U.S. L ~ to 

coAttd ,"'" or mort 
lido ... , lIMn _ OM of 

ttl ... popyter ~. on: 
.011. "''''''. I_I • • _ 

countint, ~Mf'. end 
mMt co.* book, and • 

ihOf1 cut to ¥rift"i", 
bridge 

RULES •• SEVEN WAYS '10 ENTER-MANY wm '10 WIN! 
VitIt y04II""''' ~ .... $I ... Empb, .. CrtdILhon 0IIct You'" 
,..,.. 'ME OM or men 00tItIIt ...... TM ~ POfWI Of 1M 
Id. 'MI t. ..... WI'" kMI.,. WI)'tM NmII kif,... dr..-e rOo .. 
" ...... .... 

1IIttf.....- ............. u.·· .. a..UfttrOft ..... -...-. ..... " ... 
....... 'nIUt 1 nllEE ft(;K£l 
..... __ ......... 2FAEEfICKETS 
....... __ IFIOE[TICICETS 
..,---, 
,...I'IItIIO- .... Nr'lta 1 'ME. rlCKl!T 
12501 MOPe -..,. ... '*' teO 2 'ME TICKETS 
.... ""-"" ....... 71 "MEnCI(ETS 1 ... _ ... _ ... ....,_"1211 
..,_ ..... _ .. __ .. ......., 
rnortINnIQ - ... 1hln1oH 'fAEfTIC)(f1 
IZSCIII'mcn - .......... '" 'fMETI()(ETS 
I!Dgmare- bul,-"",7S 3FMETtCKETS 
(_ one".. ...... ..., '"""'*' of 125) 
........................ U.LO"~I~.,.,.,.OII ..... 
1.Q\ ... , ~IftCI .... CfWteClf'dl) 

!Wow UOO , FREE TlO(El 
$500., mora - ~ .... 11.., " ,000 2 fEREE TICKETS 
' l .000cwmcQ - 1Iut .... ,..,.,5OC) ,fEAEE flCKETS 
(..tdCIfW It ..... 'III' ...,~d.5OOt 
My,.. ...... ,..,,_lntWI jaINJ IIWI 'N"" <*..,J 
!Wow'!OO I FAn TICKET 
Q)OOI mor. - btlt .... ,,,,, 51,000 2 FA€E TOfTS 
. , OOCI 01' more - 1M .. ..., 11.500 1 FAEE TIO(E" ( ... Of'tt" .. IIdI .. fot..,.,.,~dS!Ol) 

We" .... w.d .... 'ttnng aomt 0111 Of tOIlWWiII ~yCM .... 
01 s.v.,.. and l.oIn 'or,au ...,.,.."., Of' bnnI ,. ,out ~ WI! ... 
...,yyou ....... ......,Ir ....... ,., ._~"*' ,.oam.lO 
\lt8l'lO ... CIOIM,.1'hIrt._tJlw.~ __ uSE CJ'ItoCItCfOMID 
10" ,...,..~~ eo...t~."n "'5 

,. ...... pIIOII pnteI .... be~ w .......... ...., .. ... 
'"'- ..... "' ...... "' .... ,.. . ... t ... _ .......... .J 
~ ......, .-ce "..,. .. be ....... ..cfI ........... 12 tift" 
,.,....... tIO._ ..... ~ 10'" 5$55....,II1II.... .., Ite 
Ofllnd fl'nr . __ ..... !i JO 111'1'1 l.JMf IJ/I one anr .... ~ l-dudnI 
fOUnfI pnnf ."., ..... '* De."..... lJ S E c>tOII \JNoft"" _ 
.,.. .... ., ......... I'ICIII ..... 

•••••• • , ••• • • I •• 1 • •••• 1. ,. ". t ...... 
. .. I.' ,t ••• •.•••• ••. •••• 



Page eight Triton Times Wednesday. May 7,1975 

~~t----------.,,---What's Happening------~ 
Appllcetl_ .... baing taken fOr 
atatewlde comml:tee .ppolntm.nta . 
G.... .nd unde,...... s.. Sandy. 
Stud.nt Org.nll.tlona. 2nd floor. 
North. Student Center. (lndl 

REVElLE STUDENTS: Revelle Com· 
mlttee on CoIleg. Affeira (RCCAI 
~ M.v 21/22. Petition of 100 
word etetarnent .nd 2 ... ctu .... mull ba 
IUbmltted by M.v 7th. Petitions Reveil. 
P..-t Office. Revelle R_dent Deen·. 
OffIce .nd Commuter end Student 
Advocey Cerner. III/211 

REVELLE STUDENTS .• poeltiona open 
n Intema for Reveile Provoet Office. 
Job of .n Intern I. to further deveiOp 
end ... ff the Reveile Commuter .nd 
Stud.nt Advocacy Center. For 11711-11 
• cedemic echool y .. r. Contact Stud.nt 
Employment. 111/71 

W.ight Group Starting. Concerned 
• bout YOUr weight? Group .t Coun-
IIlIng C.nter for peopl. d .. llng with 
weight problem • . Beginning Wed M.y 
7. 1·2 pm. MC 302111/121 

A ~ I .tuden.. interllted In joining In 
Inv .. tm.nt club P ..... contact A"n .t 
__ 3224. 111171 

Election. to Muir ColI.g. Council '75. 
'71. Pick up form •• nd Information at 
Muir College-D .. na Oftlc •. ' D .. dline 
Thursdey Mey 1111/71 
Two f.minl.t couneelo". M.ryAnn 
Tucker .nd Sheron Young. n_ pert of 
the Women'. Center S .. ff. will be 
offering work.hopa In P_ Counnllng 
T .. lnlng. Thev will b. heid within the 
next f_ week.. .0 .ny_ who I. 
intereeted .hould .Ign up In the 
Woman'. Center .oon. 111/11 

CONTEMPORARY GRAPHICS : 
SELECTIONS FROM THE LA JOLLA 
MUSEUM OF CONTEMPORARY ART. 
M.ndeville Art G.IIery. M.v 7 . June 8. 
Sundey·Frldav 12-11. For Info .:z.~. 
Regl.trstlon peck... for F.II Qu.rter. 
will ba •• nt on M.y 7. Studente who do 
not receive th.m by M.y 10 go to the 
Regl.trsr .nd Admillione Offlc. MC 
101. (1/11 
Did the A.c.nded M •• t ... found .11 of 
the pr ... nt World R.lIglon.? Di.coller 
vour .n.w .... nd more at the White 
Lodg • . 7IiIi-23331p1/91 

" Lectur. Not.... - A _ .tud.nt 
orvenlz.tlon epproved by the univenlty 
... n_ being • .,d In front of USI 2722. 
Quelifled g ... d. upper dlvl.lon .tudenta 
& A' •• r ... king the not ... ".00 for the 
full Qu.rt.,.. no... In tvHwrfnen 
_renc. form. 
Plych 11-

And.rson 
Chem3b -

OIt.rreicher 

Tim .. Sold 

T.Th 

M.W.F 

12:30 

2:. 
11/71 

Third College S.nlora who h.v. 
dec .. red their Cendldecv for Juna or 
Auguat Gred_tlon m.ke .u.. your 
nem •• ppeers on lI.t POIted outalde the 
Academic AdvI.ing Office. Urgent. 
111/1., 

Application. being eccepted for the 
Muir ColI.ge Curriculum R_I_ Ind 
Dev.lopm.nt board. Av.l .. ble .t Muir 
D .. n·. office. D .. dllna Friday M.v 18 . 
111171 

GAY PHONE lin • . An outr .. ch to the 
UCSD G.v community. Information or 
ju.t w.nt to talk1412·3131 11/11 
WRITING CLINIC· H.lp on .ny writing 
dlfficultl ... Com. to 12M H· L or call 
_ ·2522 for.n .ppointm.nt. 11/11 
SEX CLINIC: CounHllng on S •• u.1 
Probl.m.. Wed . 3·11 pm; R.v.lI. 
Couneelora Offlc. Inext to the Rev. 
Provost Officel . Judith Jorg.n •• n. 
M.D.·Hugh P.t ... Ph.D 13/141 

BEWAREI P.opl. w/Quick-R.I •••• 
Bik. Hube. They',. g.tting .tol.n 
lespecl.lly .round USBI. T.ke not. of 
.nyone holding indlvldu.1 wheel. (1/111 
If you hev. not received your CALPIRG 
m.mbershlp cerd .nd bellot for Spring 
1t7t1 .• top by 2nd floor Student C.nter. 
RM. 'llI1. D .. dllne for return of bellota 
la M.y 11. 15/71 

Intervl.w. for .cto ... . ct,_ for 
rol •• In .tudent film concerning 
Chrl.t·. p ••• ion. No .xperl.nc. 
pref.rred. No pey. Long hou .. on 
HY.ral wHkenda. Saturday 10 - •. 
Comm. Bldg .a2. Mlth_ C.mpua. No 
phon. c.II • . (li/ll 
" Room ch.ng .. for R.v.lle Stud.ntl 
who hev. turned in hou.ing contracta 
the w .. k of M.y: MlY , • . Senior .nd 
Junlo ... Mlv 20 • Sophomore Wom.n. 
MlY 21 . Sophomore m.n. S .. Autumn -
Ott in R •• ld.nt D •• n·. Office. 15/71 

URGENT: To .11 .tud.nta who w.r. in 
URS 111. F.II Qu.rter 117 •. A hNrlng I • 
being held to det.rmlna whether or not 
the gr.dlng policy uNCI by the 
prof_or in thet c .... w ••• rbltrary. 
S .... m.nta. wrltt.n .nd verbel ... 
badly needed from .11 .tudenta thet 
wer. In the cl ... to .Id • f.lI_ Itudent 
In hi. fight for lu.tlc •. C.II J.m .. E. 
Johnson IT.bool.t 23f.3Z2I 111/121 

meetings 
Surf Club meeting Wed 1117 7:30 pm. 
P&L 1117 to dlecua. movie & fund • . 
111/71 

NEWMAN CLUB MEETINGS: W.d . • :00 
.econd floor .tud.nt c.nter. 
Friday: 5:30 Unlve .. lty Church Dlnner.t 
8:00. <412._ to glv. m .. 1 c.rd num· 
bera. Jim (li/ll 

ALL ARE INVITED TO THE CHRISTIAN 
SCIENCE ORG Thurs. 7 pm BI.k. Conf. 
Roomsl5/71 

Trid.nt Chrl.tl.n Fell_.hlp meet. 
tonight It 7:30 In the Rev.lle Form.1 
Loung •. Ev.ryon. w.lcom.1 111/71 

Comm. Board m .. ting. Thu ... 12 noon. 
2nd floor North. Student C.nter 115/71 

S.A.T.C.H .. meeting 7:00 pm Stud.nt 
C.nter . film "Code Blu." will b. 
.h_n · com. Hrly. 115/71 

M .. ting Thu ... t 7:30 p.m. for tho .. 
internted In forming In AMNESTY 
INTERNATIONAL Support Group. If 
Internted .... ·1701. 115/71 

Conaciou.n ... Rlaing Group. Thurs. 3·1i 
pm In Wom.n·. C.nter. (11/71 
Soering Club G.ner.1 Membe .. hlp 
MHting . .Iection of offic.rs M.y 21 
IWedl 7:30 pm . Rev.lI. Informll 
Loung. (15/7) 

B.S. IN ENGINEERING 
Inter .. t.d fr .. hm.n . new AP&IS 
prOgr.m. leedlng to the degr .. of B.S. 
in EI.ct,icll Engln •• ring .nd in 
Computer EnglnHring. Todey • • p.m. 
HSS 1330 llim 

.th Forum m.eting Thur night .t B in 
the R.v.II.lnform.lloung •. (11171 

I activities 
.th ColI .. e p ..... ntll.hl. B.lh. Semi-
Form.1 Dinner D.nc. M.y tth .t the 
B.hi. Hot.1 overlooking MI .. lon B.v. 
Prlc. ".00 per "raon includea dinner. 
tlcketl .v.l .. ble .t the Box Offlc • . 
Ev.ryon. w.lcom.. tick.tI limited. 
111/11 

HEALTH CAREER STUDENTS: Con-
f.renc. - Dr. Thermen Evena. Director 
of the H .. lth M.np_er DeveiOpment 
Corp .. We.hington. D.C. - 8Sa 2100 Fri. 
2 ... P.M. Will be gu .. t of honor .t • • 
.ocl.1 g.therlng In the Student C.nter 
Lounge from 1:30 - 1:00 P.M. Rlfr .. h-
m.nt ••• rved. 111/11 

GEERT SCHMID -SCHOENBEIN. 
Gr.du.t. Stud.nt. D.pt. of 
Blo.nglne.,ing. UCSD : Pulmonary 
Im"danc. to Alrf1_. 2 pm. BSB B2 .... 
111/11 

OLD TIME DANCING .very Wed night 
in Conf. Room In new Gvm. Liv • 
MuaicNInI •• nd Lively D.ncing. 11I/71 

M.y 1 .. SEMINAR; ED EMSHWILLER. 
VIDEO ARTIST 12 noon CME. .. 
M.tthewl C.mpul 11/71 

M.y 1 .. UCSD OPERA STUDIO: 
MOZART MARATHON John lIrg • . 
Thorne. N ... directors 1:30 pm Recl .. 1 
H.II. M.ndevill. C.nter 111/71 

Wed .• M.y 7 12 noon " CI .. n W.k." 
" Oc .. nul Worklhop" USB 212211/71 

Poetry - W.d. M.y 7. Andrei Codr .. cu. 
• pm. Revell. Forrnel Loung.. FREE 
111/71 

Thurs 1:00 P.M .. BSB 11 •• I.t of film 
cllPi on fr.. IPllCh movem.nt er • . 
Additionally. Vic. Chencellor Georg. S. 
Murphy. who repr_nted the a.rkei.y 
.dmlniltratlon. will .. Ik .bout whet it 
W.I lik. then .nd there. 111171 

WOMEN'S ENTERTAINMENT SERIES: 
Eliz.b.th Chlm.nt tonight .t 9:30 PM in 
the Muir II & Dim. Coff .. hou ••. 
Spon.or.d wHkly by the Wom.n·. 
Center. FREE. 11/71 

In m.mory of .11 the world'. p.opl. 
thet di.d for Vi.tnam - 2 hour cln-
dl.light vigil on Rev.li. PI.z.. W.d. 
M.y 7. the Ith .nniverury of Kent 
Stet •• b.ginningat 1:00 pm. 11i/71 

REMEMBER .. tonlte It 8:00 p .m. in 
wlnzor common. the phvelcl.n. will 
di.cu.. th.lr r ••• erch. Ev.ryone 
w.lcom.111I/71 

Film: DR. STRANGELOVE by Stanl.y 
Kubrick with p.ter Sell ... & Georg. C. 
Scott. M.ndeville Aud. Thurs .. M.y • . 
7:30 & 10:00 p.m. " . 111/71 

All UCSD Stud.nta. Looking for I 
C .... r1 Brown b.g it with Hugh P.te •• 
UCSD PlVchologist Ind dlscu .. 
outlooke In P.ychOlogy. Thursdey. III 
12:00 In the Student Cht. geme Conf. 
Room. 111171 

STUDENT COALITION AGAINST 
RACISM pr ... nta Svdney G.... of 
Project ...yES epeeking on "n Diego 
ACLU d.segreg.tion .ult. Wed. .:00 
p.m. Stud.nt C.nter large Confer.nc. 
Room. 11/71 

HELP SUPPORT THE FARMWORKERS 
AND BOYCOTT CHAVEZ. Fr .. lettuc • 
• nd gr.p. ul.d Isprinkled with G.llo 
winel on the Plaz • • friday. noon. (11/11 
Ticket. now .veil.bl. for Ten y .... By 
the S ... R.v.II.·. S.ml·form.1 dinner· 
dance It the Stud.nt C.ntar Box Of· 
fic • . Dsnc. i. M.y tth 1 pm·l .m.t the 
EI Cort.z Hot.l. .,3 Icoupl.. Info 
.v.iI.bl •• t the Rev.iI. R .. id.nt D •• n·. 
Offlc • . 15/71 

'THE d.nc.· i. coming Set. . M.y 10 .t 1 
pm to R.v.lI. C.f • . Mu.lc provided by 
The B.nt W.t... B.nd from S.n 
Fr.nclsco. Adv.nc. ticketl .v.lI.bl. 
from Stud.nt C.nter Sox Offic • . 7tlc. 
SH B.nt W.te .. B.nd In Noon conc.rt. 
M.y 9 on Gym st.P'. 15/11 

The Women'. C.nter·. Work.hop on 
Third I. pre •• nting the unlqu. .rt of 
""r·foldlng c.lled 'ORIGAMI' on 
Wed. " M.tth_s C.mpu • . 

Prof ... or JEAN FRANCO. Dept. of 
Rom.nc. Lit. Stanford Univ .• will .pe.k 
Fri • • :30 p.m .. R.v.lI. Formal Loung • • 
-on THE POET AND SOCIETY: THE 
CASE OF CESAR VALLEJO. 111/11 

W.d. Wom.n·. C.nter. 7:30- to dl.cu .. 
po •• ibility of fre. birth control ex.m. 
Ind info. Anyone w.lcom • . W.C. X2023. 
Ann 463-0317. or Zoev .a2·9727 for more 
info. 15/71 

r---------Advertisements for Ourselves-----------l 

for sale 
Sylvlnia Solid Stet. Ster.o C .... tt. 
wl own IImplifier. AI.o mlny c •••• tt ••. 
$100 Bob 270-5146 (5/51 

Hewl.tt·Pack.rd HP-35 calcul.tor .nd 
Icc ••• ori ••. 1'1z Y"" old. Asking "80. 
.a2·9703. Ask for Se.n 15/71 

Skils Sid.rel 198 cm. Look . N.llid. 
bindings. Brend n.w. neller b •• n u.ed. 
$200. _-8617 btwn 12-4 pm (5/121 

Moving · H.rly Dlvld.on . 1974 · 34 mi. 
p.rfect 25% off $lE. Firm. C.bl.lock 
extre . s .. nderd wh .. I • . Fred "63·1932 
Mon·Fri . 9·5 pm IpII/ll 

6'1" Oc.an Cry.tel cu.tom mad. 
• urfboard " Hot Stick" Good .heP. 
".00 272·7010. 15/71 

Vlm.h. 360 Enduro. 19n. 4000 mil ••. 
$560. 464-125115/91 

Glrrerd 40B turntabl • . $30. lovv pow.r 
rec.lver . $35.2 small .p .. k ... . . ,11 for 
plir. or $70 for .11. L_I ........ or 212-
6888. (1i/7) 
VAMAHA RD·350. Bog ••• RIck & Box. 
Ext .... Superb l 755·3536 Ev.nlng • . 
$70011 15/231 

FrHI Doubl. b.d & Box .pring mit· 
tre ••. Gary Or Mary 7!J5.337815/71 

'61 Tovote Corroll .... only 52.000 mile • • 
.xc.llent cond o mllchlnic.lly & 
oth.rwi ••• red exta';or. !>elll!! l"tlOrior. 4 
speed. $1.000 c •• h ~7 (5/91 

H.If·prlc. ch.rte. for Plrtlcip.tlng 
lIilo .. , Nic. Q . f1 .. kippered k.tch. 
Pug.t Sound Ind B.C. .,chip.l.go 
• ummer. Writ. R. lockerd. NI ·2S. Unlv. 
of W •• h .. S •• ttle .,,91. hAil181 

OUHn .iz. wat.rb.d; .tein.d freme; 
lift.d pl.tform; m.k. offer · 7&6-9171. 
John 15171 

1986 EI Cimino. mint condition. low 
mll •• g • • new ti .... rim •. tran.minlon. 
<4-.pd .. h.ed .... must s •• to IIPprec iate. 
.,200 753-2570 'lI.nongs. 15/12) 

US Dlv.rs Pro D.pth Gluge N.w $4fi 
Now $30 L1f. V •• t .,11 Hou.lng for L-II 
M.ter $15 All U.ed Onc. or M.k. Offer 
273-01137 Ell ••. (lill) 

197. Honda ST 90. Low mll •• g.. 50 
mil •• to a g.lIon. Sm .• nough for girl • . 
P.rf.ct for summer. 27<4-6437. 11i/71 

72 ft SCUBA Tank & Backpack. Surf· 
boerd. Ch.IP. Milke offer. G.ry or Mary 
7'56·3378 (S/7) 

King Sz. H20 b.d. Mahog fr.m. with 
Liner. $75.00 486-0281 - Ifter I pm 15/7) 

'88 Chevy Wagon. 327 · Auto tr.n • • P.S .. 
P .B.. Steel b.lted tire.. Air. Condo 
$7&0.00 offer 486-0281 Iftar 615171 

M.tric Sock.t. and Wrenche.. Will 
tr.de for Engli.h Equlvll.nt. Or .. II. 
Alao 6·12 110ft conv.rter "2. Doug "" . 
983215/71 

B.at the Book Store by ".00. 
Prof ... lonal .udio t.pe 1200 It 
poly •• ter .. n_ 2.75 per rHI. 580·1577 
(511.' 

'73 VW Sup.r Beetl. AM/FM·Sunroof-
Radi.ls 39.000 mi. - ,xc. condition $2.500 
0, offer . Bob .a2·3150 IW .. kdlY.' 
11)6171 

personals 
G.t vour t •• th into som.thing juicy I 
Th. Food CooP. Blak. Hallln •• t to the 
Ic. ,.Im Hu.tlerll~ d.ily Ipl/61 

WATCH OUT TERRILII Vour mouth i. 
getting a. big a. your •••. (5/71 
to the gil in the Big Ch.vy .. you are the 
FOXV CHICK on c.mpu . .. Wh.t·. your 
nem.? 

INTERESTED (5/71 

Sw •• tle. you·r •• t the Hut. Ind the Hut 
is In you. Pl .... don't h.nd m •• ny 
Cosmic Debri •. 

Spac.mlln (5171 
To the gl,l who bought her brother II 
wall.t It thll bl)ok.tore W.dn.sday· 
Willi "" yOU 8gllln in June} (5/7) 

MSS 
the c.ller is norm.llv • cool pl.ce to b •. 
but not in the c ••• of the Pld .... 

Athletic Supporter 
15/71 

D •• r Rich.rd. the Pllntlng I. f.nteetic l 
thInk you. lov • • Ginny IpII/7) 

Room Sitter. frustrat.d It midterm.? 
T.k. h'lrt. I' ll m •• t you at ·Th. D.nc.· 
May 10 in R.v.lI. Clfll to rei ••••. 
Secret Admirer (5171 

housing 
Roommat.. n •• d.d for Summer. 3 
Bdrm condo in 0.1 Mar. Own room $8G. 
$98. "'1 ·9132 15/71 

Sherll Ipt w l l other. On Wind.n ••• 
S.lch. Super pllc.: Bllcony. p.tio. 
g.,.g.. .2201 mo. .ingl.. or coupl • . 
Terry 

x2!iCII5;~. 11i/71 

Wlnt.d f.mll. roomm.t. to .he .. rent 
w l two mil.. . Non·.mok., .nd 
vegeterl.n. Prlv.t. room in 3 bedroom 
hou ••. You, .here $10.00. No p.t • . __ 
3771 (5171 

F.male Or Male Hou •• mlte n •• d.d. Till 
end Jun • . North Mi .. lon ae.ch. $92 
plu. utI. 488-7032. 718 SIn R.f •• 1 PI. 
15/71 

FM Roommlt. w.nted; Ig . • BR Sol.n. 
Be.ch; S80/ mo.; XC loc.i.; oc •• n vl.w; 
prlv.t. w / yerd; AVIII. M.v 1 .. 751-11576. 
(5/71 

" FOR RENT: D.lux D.ple. in P.cific 
B •• ch. 3 Bedroom. 2 Blth Clo.. to 
MI .. lon BlY Golf Cou .... B.y. Shop • • 
Le Joli. Ind F .. _IY #5. $300. per 
Month. Pl .... C.II4B-f7tl4." lpI5l7l 

CondomInium for rent. Room for <4-11 
p.opl • • two cer ger.g • • pltlo. 2% b.th. 
furni.h.d. AllliI.bl. Jun. 111·S.pt 111. 
Shelbv ~-899815/71 

2 lov.ly I.di •• n •• d 2 room. hou •• or 
apt summll onlv · up to ' 100/mo. D.b 
755·5388 or 481 9480. 15/11 

FOR RENT: 3 B.droom Hou... fuliy 
furni.h.d . ne.r bHch - .3IiO/month. 
P.cific Be.ch. "-1~ 111/71 

M.I. Roomm.t. nHd.d for <4-b.droom 
0.1 Mer Ht.. hou... Own room. 
$87.50/mo. 751-3M3 .v.ning.111I/121 

Hou.. Switch: LI Joli. - Bo.ton. 
Vi.iting-p,of. D •• ire. hou •• in II Joll •. 
Jln·June1976. Wili .witch for house in 
Bo.ton.688-5766lp11/7l 

Alllii. Maya; 2 BR dupl.x in 0.1 Mlr; 
vard; cerp.ting .. 7!i6-4815 15/ 71 

wanted 
Rid. to Slntl Blrberl. w •• k.nd of MlY 
10th. Will .har. g .. Ind complnv. Cell 
B.tsv. "" -!IIi37. IpII/ll 

Sp •• d Reid.,. 1100 wpm or mOlel 
w.nt.d lor Psych •• perim.nt. on 
re.ding. $l .a/hr. C.II x2tIot2 Idlvl Q . 
..m 1'lIe.1 LHv. nlm. Ind phone no. 
Mark. 15111 

D.pt. of N.uro.ci.nc. n •• d •• ubj.ct. 
for brein WIV' .IIP.rlm.nta. now .nd 
through the .ummer. '2.50/hour. CIII 
Carol. X3797Ip11/121 

services 
L.t our finge.. do your Typingl 
DI ••• rtation . .. Th ...... Doctoret ••. 
C.mpu. Pickup/D.liv.ry IBM S.lec-
trlc. v.ri.d type f.c .. Dorl ... Doubl.-D 
A •• ocl.t .. 22<4-111311p1/111 

Typing IBM . Experlenc.d. c.rbon 
ribbon. ,.porta. th..... .ccurat.. 10 
c.nta Ind up. P.m IiIO-I2tI7 efter II pm. 
111171 

TREES. prun.d. pl.nted. Or removed. 
Expert trimming of .hrub. Ind h.dg ... 
DESIGNING .nd conatructing of .m.1I 
Iind.c.p. project. involving .ton • • 
brlcS. . wood. .nd pllntl. AI 2n·~ 
111/ 111 

Tun. up •. light replir. brak •••• tc. Good 
work. low pric • . Mlk.412·1112 1111111 

Summ., work blck Ee.t. E.rn $2Q 
C.II ___ 1.1t/81 

RESEARCH AIDS . North America'. 
I.rg." •• rvlc • . For c.t.logu. iend $2 
to: Ea •• y S.rvlc... P.O. Box 121a. 
Ni.grl F.II •• N.Y. la02. AI.o. c.mpu. 
repr ... nt.tiv •• required. Pi .... write. 
418·""'9. (pl/61 

Th •• I. typiet. al.o di ... rtation • • term 
p.p ..... tc .• 10 y •• ,. typing •• peri.nc •• 
stertlng home bu.in.... competitive 
r.t ••• call Berb.r •. 279" "'. 1116/11 

travel 
EUROPE·ISREAL·ORIENT LOW COST 
STUDENT FLIGHTS. CONTACT: AIST 
(71., SoM·9333. 17Q HEATHER AVE. 
TUSTIN. CALIF. 92110 (pl/71 

Ch.rter & R.gul.r lirline ticket • . Phon. 
... · .. ,5 Univ ... lty Tr.v.1 22., Av •. D. 
L. PllYI. L. Jolle. C •. (pl/30l • 

EUROPE·ISRAEL·AFRICA·ORIENT L_ 
eo.t · flighll. toura. the whOle .tudent 
bit. At our offlc. over 200 FREE non. 
commercl.1 p.mphl.ta. brochurn ... blg 
buck. IIvinga ESTC 1110 W. Sixth. Suit. 
311 L.A. 1001. 12131823-2121 (111/81 

EUROPE· ISREAL· AFRICA Student 
flight. V'" round. Contact: 
ISCA 
11887 S.n Vlc.nt. Blvd. No .• 
L.A. C.llf."'" 
T.I: 12131121-_. at.-IIII/II 

SSW Travel Offlc. . ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NY. & ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'l Stud.nt 10. Eu ... lI. HOitei C.rda. 
Tripping M.g.zlne. etc. UCBD In-
ter .. tlonal c.ntar ___ 11 .m-4 pm 
M.W.F. ONLY CloHdTu .. ·Thura.lpl/li 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL OftIENT. L_ prlc .. . long .nd 
.hort flight. . Limit.d .p.c • . 
PftOFlSSIONS INTERNATIONAL , • 
W .. twood Blvd. LA IIIIIIM 12131171-1121 
or .n·111211/11 


