
Triton Times Opens Its Doors 
To Hungry, Depraved Masses 

The Triton Times has announced its quarterly scramble for 
positions vacated as a resulr-of transfers, academic failure, and 
leneral sloth. As usual, the INIY is disliistiftBly small, the potential 
for professional and soc:ial.,atification infinite. 

Modified B'uckley Amendment 
In Effect ; Files Not Purged 

In addition to its continual need for dediuted news reporters, the 
Triton lima has positions open for an assistant businas manager, a 
photographer, a copy reader, a sports writer, and a science writer. 
Thae jobs will be posted at Student Employment sometime this 
week, and applicants · should obtain job referrals from that office. 

Also, anyone interested in newswriting positions, or the opening 
for the science writer, should attend the regular news meeting at 6 
p.m. tomorrow in the TT office. 

Two Ex-KSDT Staffers 
Challenge KDIG License 

by Mark Woelber 
UC an Diego radiO K DT may 

have a hot at a public rM 
broadcasting license If teps 
Initiated by two former KSDT 
offl lal s ar success ful John 
Mu leman , formerly G~neral 
Manager at KSOT, and John 
LeWIS , former Public Affairs 
Director, have filed a petition to 
deny '974 licensing approval to 
radio tat ion KDIG, La ' Jolla . 

license i denied , KDIG 's 
frequen y become available free 
to stations willing to compete at 
the rcc for the bandspace K DT 
would peition for the license 
under these conditions . 

Musselman and LeWIS chose 
thi s route to a public frequency 
after being denied on two 
prevIous applications for FM 
bandspace , both times on 
grounds that a new station's 
ignal would be too close to and 

interfere with existi ng signals . 
Mexlcdn-Amencan agreement 
now limits the number, spacing 
and power ratings of station 
Within 200 miles of the border, 
mdklng It necessary to challenge 
an ex isting tation 's right to 
broadca t in order to obtain a 

Continued on Page 7 

by John H. bylor 

A mod ified version of the 
measure all owi ng un iversity 
studen ts access to their 
educational records is now in 
effect at UC San Diego . 

The original measure, known 
popu larly as the Buckley 
Amen dment , was passed by 
Congress last year and became 
effective on November 19. It 
allowed virtually complete 
tudent access, and many schools 

either purged confidential 
material from student records or 
ignored requests to see files for 
th 45 days allowed by the bill as 
a grac e period , anticipating 
modifications . 

UCSD Records Not Purged 
Vice-chancellor for Student 

Affairs George Murphy said 
I nday that UCSD had not purg d 
stud nt record , adding that UC-
wide guidelin is u d by the 
office of Pre ident Hitch 

ovember 14 had antiCipated the 
modification s that were worked 
out by Sen . James L. Buckley of 

ew York and Sen Claiborne Pell 
of Rhode Island and approved by 
a joint Senate-House committe 

Under the modified rules, 
summarized by Chancellor 
McElroy in a d par tm ental 
memorandum Issued ovember 
19, students are allowed access to 
pducational record " related to 
the tudent as a tudent ." Such 
information has been defined by 
the Un Iver ity as " that material 
on tud nt p rtaining to their 
tatu as tudents held by any 

un it or department of the campus 
in any form which is intended for 
University use or to be available 
to parties outside the University 
system ." 

Under the modifications , 
students will not have access to 

-

access to records for educational 
purposes are excepted . AI 0, 
reque ts for Information Involved 
in 'flnancial aid procedures may 
be honored without that student's 
consent . 

Vice -chancellor Geor!!,e Murphy 
confidential recommendations or 
valuation prepared before 
ovember 19, medical or 

p ychlatrlc records, police 
r cords, and employment records 
maintained by th University, and 
p rsonal records kept by in-
dividual f aCll lty members " not 
intended or used for transmittal 
to others ." 

Third parties will not be 
allowed acces to tudent record 
that are not consi dered public. 
record-that i , enrollment date, 
graduation dates, and ' degree 
Information- without the written 
consent of the student involved. 
Univer ity officials who require 

One File 
Murphy, In peaking to the 

Tnton Time , aid that no purging 
of r cords would take plac , and 
that separate files would not bp 
maintained on students for the 
storage of confIdential material 
He aid such matenal will be 
remov d from the file In thf' 
presence of the tudent . and 
replaced, after hiS examination 01 
the file 

Murphy said he had heard of 
only two or three reque ts by 
tudents to ee their lilt> 

Filing of the petition to deny 
with the rederal communication 
Commission I a serious matter 
Of the twenty-five petitions to 
d n fil d in ovember 1974, 
only one, the Mus elman / LeWIS 
petition , was an indiVidual 
complaint. The rest were filed by 
the Justice Departm nt, and by 
variou Citizen groups, such a 
Women's Coalition and Model 
Cities . Petition to deny is nor-
mally filed just prior to licen e 
renewal hearings, required by the 
rcc every three year. The 
petition may be filed only by 
agencies with significant roots in 
the community. All information 
must be offiCially doc~mented, 
and prima facie evidence must 
exi t indicating that t he stat ion is 
not op'erated in the publ ic in-
terest . 

Applications Drop Not Reflected Here 

although he says mor may havp 
be n made H says h an 
tlclpates that most request will 
be made to the Medlcai hool 
by tudents not admitted who 
want to find out why 

On Jan . 13 
U an Diego lone of three harp at UC Berkeley (17 per-

cent), UC Irvine (24 percent), and 
UC anta Cruz (25 percent). 

Un ivers ity of al iforn i a campus . 
that did not exp nen e drops In 
application for the fall qllarter of 
1975 mailer drops were recorded at 

UC Los Angeles (seven percent ), Applications univer ity-wide 

At take i a license worth an 
stimated $1 mill ion or more, if 

KDIG's owners want to se ll whiJe 
th lic nse IS current. If a new 

are down nearly 10 p rent from 
la t year's 35,341. About 23,000 
applications have b n received 
so far th is year. 

and UC Santa Barbara (four 
percent), while UCSD and UC 
River ide received about the 
same number of appl ication as 
last year . UC Davi re orded a 
three percent increase. 

Two Drops Over 20 Percent 
Dec line were parti ularly 

Wishing You Were Here News Items Related to UCSD From the 
Winter Recess. 

Compiled by James G. Soto 

U nl p~s the an Diego City Council find a Wqy 
to raise $ 1 mi ll ion, the fare on all an Diego 
r ran~lt vph icles wi II ri se from 25 to 3') cents on 
January 19 

Ihe an Diego fran it Corporation fa ed With a 
$12 m i ll ion defiCit In It operating budget, 
r<,qu sted th ' 10-( ent In reaS(' early last month 
fh e II1crea (' wOllld apply to all pa ngers, except 
,enlor fltl/en., and student through high school 

Mayor P<'te Wilson ha In tructed his staft to 
Inve~ligatP pvery approa h to raising the ad-
(htlonal revenue H<, said, '" aon quite concerned 
With the potential loss of ndN ~hlp " ome 
detractor'> of th£' tarp In r£'aw have malntalnpd 
th.lt tht' 1 ranslt Corporation will lose l1any of thp 
Ild£'r., It dttractPd In tht' l)d~t two yea", dUfln~ 
wlmh the w.,tpm ha rn.'t'n lI~lng tandard fare 

Tht' franslt Corporatlon'\ Board 01 Director 
will mt'et nt'xt wet'k to con'>lder altf'rnat lves to tht· 
propowd faft· hike Tht> (Ity ('ouncil mll<;t ,till 
.11>I)fOV(' tht· In< [('a't' 

It ••• 

The han lIor ha announ ed that UC 0 will 
(Qopprate With the City and County of an Diego 
In th eir Joint bl entenial effort . lhe project, 
rronteras 76, will be an ongoing educational and 
( ultural ~tudy of the problem and opportunltle 
of th I nt rnational borderland around an Diego 
c1nd Ti Illana. Many of the prOle t' dire tors are 
hoping to form a p rmanent centpr for th stud 
of thp borderlands 

**** 

fh(' anta Barbal a-based enter for th(' tudyof 
o mo ratlc Institutions may move to the U 0 
area In the near flit lire The internationally famou 
cpntl'r, tounded In 1952 and publi h r of the 
hl!-:h Iy I t'gardpd " ('nter" Ma~allne , has bf'('n In 
(lI1an( Iell dill! ultH's In recpnt years and I~ ,('eking 
to r ·Iocat In a Ie s e pensive area and building 
Ihan th(' one- they now opNat In anta Barbard 

It "t'XI>t' ttl'd II th<' Center <.ho'e to mov(' to thl' 
forrl'Y PInP art'a that It would locatp In the alt.. 
I"'tlilitl' bllildlO~ U(SD offlClal~ , a~ w('11 ciS thost' 
lone I'rnt'd .II Iht' (('nter , ('ml>ha~IH' that tht"r£' 
would Ill' no offl( lal t.(>S b<>1\\t'en th<' Unl ('''It 
.md tht> (t'nl('f 

There are no figures for UC San 
Francisco , which admits few 
undergraduates. 

UC Director of Admissions Lyle 
Gainsley said, " We don't v iew 

thi s (10 p rcent) decline as 
critical. It may just be the slowing 
down of the filing period . 

tudents ju t don 't feel the same 
en e of urgency they did a few 

year ago ." He aid he expects UC 
will till reach its projected 
enrollm nt of 113,616 next fall 

Berkeley Dir c tor of Ad -
ml Ions Robert Bailey said the 
sharp drop at hi chool may be 
due to campus efforts to reduce 
total enrollment to 27,500, a 
proce t hat reqUired the 
direction of many freshmen 0 
other campuse thi year and last 
" I would Judgf' that the drop In 
application rf'flect that finally 
thp word IS Ollt, " he ~a ld 

The 25 pf'rrent drop at anta 
ru/ , the third sub tantial 

de rea th re In a row, an b 
tra ed partly to the year wh n 
antd rUl wa the mo t poPlllar 

CdlTlPll In the U y tem , turning 
away hundred., ot ~tlldpnt a year, 
d«ordlng to 1anfred hatter, 
adml'> I n~ <lire( tor 

When wp wefe redlr ling '0 
many tlldent~ WP probably 
alienated an awful lot ot peoplp, 
hp ,aid Th£'y lUst don t b£'llev(' 
lI' now when W(' Sd wp' r(' able to 
accept all C'lll;:lbl(' 'tude-nb who 
apply In Nov mlwr 

Coop Will 
SeeBRG 

Debate 
o bate on the election ot th 

at-large members of the Budget 
R sources Group (BRG) will 
highlight the fir t meeting of thf' 
Undergraduat<, tudent 
Cooperati ve next Monday The 
actual el etlon of the BRG 
repre entatlve will be held at th 
se ond meeting of the coop 
te ntatively schedllied for 
Monday, January 20 

The oop de Id d last quarter, 
aft r mll h d bate , to choosp tour 
at-large repre entatives to tht' 
nlne-mf'mber I3RG, which " 
re n Ibl(' tor the allocation of 
around 45, a year of tudent 
a tlVltl f es ther member of 
th BRG Include the coordinator 
pr('s ntly Rud lllqup and 
r('pre entatlve trom pach 
(o llege 

In addrtlon H> d l u Ing the 
RRG ~electlons the 0011 will 
d~aln d bate In bUSIn .. , Iplt 
trom la t quarte~ , It rul and 
pro t'dllr(' , the 11IIe regarding 
<lttf'ndan p ,lnd v tJnG nght~ ot _. __ ~_ 
ml'mbpr~ ann a r('\.' t 
(mmunlcatlon, Board 
<1110 at Ion Under n w bu In£' , 
thp Coop will dl~cu~s t 
tw and thr(' of th 
( ('n tN 



havez: Boycott Is Working, Union Still Alive 
BY CESAR CHAVEZ 

During the ytar just past, you have 
probably reall Somewhere or seen on 
television one of the many obituaries 
intended to mark the death of the United 
Farm Workers of America . 

Our opponents in agribUSiness- and 
even some of our friends--have doubted 
whether we could survive the loss of 
contracts to the Teamsters and whether 
we could successfully fight those losses 
by mounting an effective boycott of 
lettuce, table grapes and Gallo wines. 
Our union's strength, the doubters 
pointed out, rests not only in our 
organization in the fields but also in 
public support for our boycotts, and in 
support from such groups as the AFL-<:IO 
and the United Auto Workers. However, 
according to the doubters, the era of 
social activism is oller : People are tired 
of supporting causes. 

If I may paraphrase Mark Twain, . it 
appears th at the reports of our death 
halle been greatly exaggerated . Last week 
the Teamsters annou nced they were 
drastically cutting back the operations of 
their farm workers' local , and a 
spokesman for the lettuce growers 
conceded for the first time that our 
boycott has hurt them .' 

The message is clear : The public is still 
wdling to support our boycott. This 
bodes well for us, because the boycott is 
at once our strongest weapon and a 
visible sign of the philosophy which 
governs our union. 

Our boycotts are predicated on faith 
in the basic compassion of people 

everywhere . We are convinced that when 
consumers are faced with a direct appeal 
from the poor struggling against great 
odds, they will react positively . The 
American people still yearn tor justice. It 
is to that viewpoint and that ye·arning we 
appeal 

Candhi taught that the boycott is the 
most nearly perfect instrument of 
nonviolent change, allowing masses of 
people to participate actively in a cause. 
It is in this sense that we make use of it. 
Even if people cannot picket with us or 
contribute money or food, they can take 
part in our struggle by not buying certain 
products . It is such a Simple sacrifice to 
make 

Cesar Chaves is president of Ihe 
U"ited Farm Wor~ers of Amen·ca, 
AFL-CIO. His article is repri"ted with 
permission from the Los Angeles 
Times. 

Certainly, strikes more directly affect 
the growers, but they usually have been 
willing to accept the resultant losses and 
have recruited strikebreakers from 
Mexico . The boycott. then, is our last 
nonviolent alternative . 

We advocate militant nonviolence as 
our means of achieving justice for our 
people, but we are not blind to the 
feelings of frustra t ion, impatience and 
anger which eethe Inside every farm 
worker . The burden of generations of 
poverty and powerlessness lies heavy in 
the fields of California. If we fail , there 
are those who will see revenge and 

--LETTERS---~~-

CAPE ERRORS 

violence as the shortcut to change. 
It is to overcome these powerful 

human emotions that we havE' invoilled, 
through the strike and boycott, masses of 
people in their own struggle. Freedom is 
best experienced through participation 
and elf-determination, and free men and 
women instinctively prefer democratic 
change to any other means . Thus, the 
strike and boycott are not only weapons 
against the growers, but our way of 
avoiding the senseless violence that 
brings no honor to any class or neigh-
borhood . 

For LIS, nonviolence is more than 
academic theory; it is the very lifeblood 
of our movement . 

When we began in 1962, we were 
aware of the histories of those unions 
which had preceded us. For 80 years 
every orgC!"izing s~ruggle had ended with 
reports such as this: "The workers are not 
ready for the union . They did not do their 
share to get organi zed ." But almost every 
honest report of failure included another 
statem ent : "We had to stop organizing or 
temporarily disband because we ran out 
of money." 

We knew we could never win with 
money alone, for the growers had more 
than we could ever match . We needed 
another weapon and we found it-
sacrifice. Then and now our full-time 
volun teers receive onlv room, board, and 
a $5 weekly allowance . Our union 
support many people on a minimum 
budget. We know that we can organize 
workers on ly as long as we are willing to 

sacrifice ourselves . 
When you sacrifice, you force others 

to do the same. It is a powerful weapon . 
When someone stops eating for a week 
or 10 days, people come and want to be 
part of the experience. Those who are 
willing to sacrifi ce and be of service have 
little difficulty with people. When you 
work and sacrifice more than anyone 
around you, others fee l the need to do at 
least a little bit more than they were 
doing before . 

In fact. after 14 years one striking 
examp le of this principle still sticks in my 
mind . It occurred in December, 1962, 
when I was collecting our 53.50 monthly 
dues from members we had organized in 
the San Joaquin Valley . 

I came to the McFarland, Calif ., home 
of a member who was several months 
behind in his dues . It was my last call of 
the evening, the weather was cold, rainy 
and miserable, and I had been driving all 
day without much luck. Winter in the 
valley means no work, and everywhere it 
was the same story : 'Td like to pay, but 
we're broke." 

This member opened the door, 
recognized me and asked me in. I ex-
plained how important it was to pay the 
dues . He looked at me and shifted in hi s 
chair . He had only $5 with which to buy 
food . But he said he was just getti ng 
ready to go to the store, and If I would 
come with him he would break the $5 bill 
and give me the $3 .50 . 

Continued on Page 8 

(con't. from col. I) 

~ JK a 
--

Cushing, but rather, asked for by the reporter 
Nonetheless, some of th general criticisms of 
CA PE, and Cushing's responses, were included. 

The headline "most funded group" and referenc 
to sa laries are errors the Triton Times regrets. 
However, the point made by CAPE that all pay is 
strict ly for hours worked was made in the original 
artic le. 

--Ed, Dir, 

WIDMER REVIEW 

Although we appreciate the fact that the Triton 
Times has finally publ ished an article on CAPE 
(Nov. 27), we feel compelled to criticize the article 
on one main issue; although Lincoln Cushing ha) 
been working with CAPE for quite some time, he i 
not CAPE. When discussi ng the goa ls, processes 
and problems of student evaluations with Mr. 
Heimler, it was under the assurance that the article 
wou ld come out after a modicum of investigative 
lournalism took place. Cush ing suggested others to 
intervlew--including the Provo ts, several un-
sympathetiC f d u Ity, and oth r In th e CA PI: 
collective-who would balance out the article. We 
were dismayed to find the article on the front page 
of the Triton Times 0 soon after he was in-
tervlewf'd, dnd after dis ussing the issue during a 
co llective meeting, decid d that a letter explaining 
our omplaint was in order. Also, two rather im-
portant errors-th title is incorrect (The " Most 
Heavily Funded Group" is the Triton Times), and no 
one in CAPE receives a salary. All pay IS strictly for 
hours worked . THE CAPE COLLECTIVE. LINCOLN 
CUSHING, LES PAVER, LINDA MALKY, MARIKA 
MOOYMAN , SHAWN MORGAN, GAYLE 
HAMERLlNG, SUSIE BUTLER, JOE WOOD, 
HOWARD KAPLAN, RENEE RICKETS , JEFF 
GAMMON, ANN RICAS, DAVID LATHAN, JOHN 
MASON, STEVE WHEELER. 

•• 10 I SAID TO THI TilL 'TI": I lAID, 'I WON'T TOLIUTI ANnNINO LID THill' AND 

The poSition of [Ieanor Widm r, one of the most 
popular teachers of undergraduates at this 
university, I once again being reviewed by the 
Department of literature. It is possible that as a 
result of thiS revipw Prof Widmer will be dropped 
from the Department 

There was no statement in the CAPE article that 
Lincoln Cushing is "CAPE." The only reference to 
hl ~ position is as "'a member of the organization ." 
CAPE's "collective" nature, as well as its decision-
making through consensus, were reported in the 
article. The journalistiC function of quoting Cushing 
is to provide attribution for statements which may 
be factually unsubstantiated or not yet common 
knowledge 

APE's criticism that more interviews would have 
balanced th e art icle IS well taken . Part of the 
reason this ""as. not done was end-<>f-the-quarter 
pressures on t 1 reporter, which all tudents feel in 
the t nth wee< of classes . However, the suggestion 
to Interview 0 Ii r people was made partially by the 
fmon Times reporter. The release of names of 
unsympatheti [ rrnfp';o;or was not Initiated by 

(, op't. col. 3) 

MMcoim J-,. Sm/rh. Edlto, 

THAT WAS THAT.' 

THE FOUNTAIN DEBATE 
Rega rding the letter by Donald Sites, assistant chancellor of 

faci lities management [Triton Times, Nov. 27, 1974],we are writing 
concerning his position with regards to energy conservation (i .e., the 
fountain) . In the letter he states "obviously we are entering an era 
where assessment must be made of all energy uses and reductions 
made wherever feasible to do so." Do s this apply to on-c ampus 
facilities construction? We know of no campus facilities in-
corporating al t ernate energy systems . We realize that although 
urrently initial costs of alternate energy systems are prohibitive, 

much work IS taking place to develop low cost energy alternatives. At 
leas t, future construction could be designed for later addition of solar 
heating and cooling unitS, including the correct orientation of roots to 
maximll e exposur of solar panel to the sun, insulation and 
adequate storage capability to tide over the facilities during periods 
of poor weather . Other energy savers include proper ventilation and 
lighting We welcome any reply from Sites and would be willing to 
meet With him on the matter. 

BEN GILL 

ROBERT NORBERG 

PRISONER NEEDS LETTERS 
My name is Danny Ashworth and I'm one of those people who fell 

into the hands of the law becausp of my moking habits. 

(con't. next co l. ) 

triton times 

Stud nts who wish to see Prof. Widmer continup 
tf'aching In the Denartment of Literature on a 
permanent ba is are urged to write letters on her 
behalf to Prof. Joseph Sommers, hairman, 
Departmpnt of literatLlre . 

The e letters should deal in specific term with 
M\ Widmer 's performance and abilities as a 
teacher. They should al~ be written as soon as 
possible, since the Department will be reviewing 
her case early next quarter. 

CRADUATE STUDENTS IN ENGLISH 
AND AMERICAN LITERATURE 

con 't. from col. 2) 
They are trying a three year cure on me so I have 

plenty of time to think about it. I'm in a section 
where I am in my cell 22 hours a day with nothing 
to do but read books geared to please a moron and 
write letters . 

The problem I have is I don't know anyone from 
Washington and I've lost contact with my people in 
the San Diego area si nce I came back from Guam. 
So now I'm trying to find persons of the female 
species who wou ldn' t mind writing to a prisoner. 

I'm :.11, an Aquarian, have auburn hair, weight 
170 pounds, and I'm 5'11". I like original poetry, 
horses, water sports, the desert and I like to travel 
and meet cool people. I'm also a Martial Arts freak. 

If anyone would like to write me, I could really 
dig it. Things are really boring here. 

DANNY ASHWORTH 
128582-3-% 

BOX 777 
MONROE, WASHINCTON98272 

Edw.d E. Simon., Ma,..p/np Editor 
John H. Te.,Io" CIty Editor 

V""',1a Gilard 
David Cassidy 
Merle WoHler 

ARTS WRITERS SECRETARIAL ASSISTANT 
CamlRa c.ce. 

PRODUCTION 
An". LI.",., 
/Ca,." """"'ud 

NEWS BOARD 
.... .,..., 

FrMku~ 
a..... HeImIw 
IIIoIt ,,_ 

Jonl lIIIoody, Copy Edlto, 
Ch8rla H8im'-, Editorlel Ol..ctor 
Ricl< Rodewald , lIu.lna_ Me"...,. 
Urry Oed." Alb Editor 
Kirlc Ro"""on, Sporr. Editor 
John Snodl1""', Science Editor 

Ja"... G. Soto, Auoe. City Editor 
Kath., Colfe, Secreta", 
Tad S#HHry, Photo Editor 

Jim Shipman 
Bet,v Chlment 
Robin Ronel 
Steve E.medItN 
April HOlllle 
LOrin s,,/tIw 

SPORTS WRITERS 
P.u/ Wa,,,., 
De.,. EIatm 
IJerrLH 
DIrlr $left., 

COPY READE liS 

~M""" 
T ... Triton Tim .. publi ..... Monday, Wedne.day, end Frlde., e. en officIally recQtlnlud .tudent n_ ...... r, publ .. " ... by t ... UCSD Communication. Board. 

For adv~rtl.lnll, phona412·:w.. For u!ttorlelend n_., phone 412-" . 

PaRe 2 Triton Times Janwlry 6, 1975 

... '--
0... HIck. 
DavId "..." 

--~ 

4. 
-

Lest We Forget 

Although I am less fond of 
hire!> than raindrops on moon-
beam'>, which do not as far as I 
know produce waste material, I 
agdln lilld my~elf coming to their 
defense La~t year In this column 
I reported having found about 
100 chi kens in the basement of 
the psychology building at Muir. 
It was a sinister episode I shall not 
,oon forget. It wa~ my con tention 
that the ch i ckens were either 
being used in some shady 
operation or anoth r, or being 
abused . 

by Job" H. Ta,lor 

I have since been told that , first, the chickens are pigeons, and, 
second, that I am being naive and anti-intellectual if I object to the use 
of them for various types of research . The pigeons are actually raised 
for research purposes, and not recruited, or coerced into participation . 

Therefore, I recant my initial uninformed criti cisms, and only hope 
that the sc hool will provide larger cages for the poor slobs to live in 
before their brains are converted to dead matter and their blood 
drained . 

However, the Lakeside golf course birds have my continual support. 
rheirs is a bitter saga. I will, of course, take my time in getting around 
to it. 

I never watch the news in San Diego, because most of what is chosen 
for broadcast is sensationalism in the extreme. Also, priorities . in 
television journalism seem to be dictated by what a station's 
inadequate number of camera crews happen to stumb le across . In 
other words, I have seen " dramatic film " on two occasions of bodies 
lying under sheets on the floors of liquor stores. After all, even Walter 
Cronkite has admitted that the best newscaster can hope to get 
no more than the equivalent of the front page of a newspaper in hi s 
half hour of air time. 

However, Los Angeles news is often better , partially because the 
major stations have their West Coast headquarters there, thus in-
creas ing resources, and also because several stations allot two hours to 
the evening news . 

So I watch it. and on one pre-Christmas occasion, it was grim . 
First, I watched with sadistic glee a story about a man who makes 

dolls that look just like the kids they're made for. He makes a dress for 
the doll that is a duplicate of the kid 's best party uniform, and the 
mother dresses the kid up in the same clothes when they go and pick 
up the doll The child then walks away, looking at the doll in her hands 
with an expression that comes as close to lust as is possible at six years 
of age . This warped decadence costs hundreds of dollars. 

A few minutes later, in an obViously )ntentional piece of jux-
taposition, they showed a story about a group of mothers in Watts who 
formed a committee to persuade store owners to donate toys so 

Continued on Page 8 

Foreign Researchers Study Here 
rille foreign researchers, 

named among nearly 500 scholars 
from about 70 cou ntr ies, have 
received Fulbright-Hays awards to 
study at UC San DIego during the 
current academic year . 

One of the researchers , known 
as Visitin g Fulbrigh t-Hays 
Scholars, has already completed 
his stay here and three others are. 
currently in residence . The fifth 
scholar i~ ~("hedu led to arrive next 
month . 

The Fulbrigh t-Hays awards 
were given to foreign scholars for 
the purpose of lecturing and 
co nducting research in the 
United States during the 1974-75 
academic year. Each foreign 
scho lar is aSSigned a campus 
Faculty Associate with whom he 
coordinates his work . The 
program is sponsored by the 
Council for International Ex-
change of Scholars throu~ the 

National Research Council in 
Washington , D .C. 

Dr . Jean L. Bernheim from 
Belgium is currently working with 
Dr . John Mendelsohn in the 
Division of Hematology at the 
UCSD School of Medicine ; Dr. 
Luigi Ca ola from Italy is working 
with Dr . Gordon Sato in the 
Department of Biology; and Dr. 
Howard Silver from Australia is 
working with Dr . Kurt E. Shuler in 
the Department of Chemistry . 

Dr. Amnon Aharonyof Israel is 
scheduled to arrive in January to 
work with Dr. Shang-Keng Ma in 
the Institute for Pure and Applied 
Physical Sciences . 

Dr. Abdenour Yaker of Algeria 
completed a campu s visit this fall 
after spe ndin g six months 
working with Dr . Kurt Benirschke 
in the Department of 
Reproductive Medicine at the 
School of Medicine. 

I The unoHiclal Fly WIth u~ for 
state bird . PSA, has a song to eleven Cilles 
more flights connecllng WanttocatchaPSAGnnning-
northern and southern Call · bird? Thai's easy Just catch 
lornla than any other airline up with your campus rep 

.. .... ,.. ..... 

The Muir College Council (MCC) will hold its first 
meeting of the quarter tonight at 6 pm in the 
Mandeville Suite to establish priOrities for the' 
coil ge in the upcoming ',11'(,1 

In addit Ion to counci I memb rs, representatives 
from the Provost's Office and the Resident Dean\ 
office arC' expectro to attend the evening-long 

~es~lon Among the Issues to be discussed are 
Gpneral [du at ion requir ment ,social life at Muir, 

la( ulty , I'~p,'(lally lor (harge'~ 01 (h '<ltll1g l.tudn 
mt'ml)('r~ want thl~ roll' (Idfllipd, and 'on1l' 11<1\,' 
,'ven qUP~lIoned thp validity of 'lie h d prO( 1''' 

Ihp MCC has fdled thre(> 01 tlw '>IX < Oll1nll tt 1',' 
openlng~ for MUIr repres<>ntatlves on (ampll~-wld .. 

(ommittee~ jPrI Cabot was 5E'It'ctPd for Book~torl' 
Commltle<', Donna Conver~e for th,' Hou~lng <1nd 
I ood Service <ommlttee, and Robf>rt \Imon lor th" 

The Muir Reporter A feature devoted exclusively to items and announcements concerning MuirColiege. 
counseling programs, academic alternatives, and 
the role of the as yet undefined Muir Judicial 
Committee. 

The Judicial Committee has been resurrected 
after the hiatus of three years . As of now, the duties 
of the committ~ must be decided, although 
student interest for this body has been higher than 
any other student group on Muir this year . Some 
MCC members want the judicial committee to act 
as arbitrator in disputes between students and 

'I t Just Sort 
Of Sighed and 
Layed Down, Sort Of ... ' 

" .... When "ot lerrorizinl:_ 
people by rtI""i"g them oJ! 
the sidewalh .. , 

Student-raculty Regist ration rf'f' Commltt(>(', which 
allocates $1 million in tudent f es 

Muir College sti ll has openings on the Studpnt 
Center and Student AffairS Budding AdVisory 
Committees, the Parking Committef', and the 
Advisory Committee for the Student Center Any 
Muir Student Interested In filling th se positions I~ 
directed to the Muir Dean 's office for further in -
formation . 

" .. ,this species is said 10 sleep 
on lIs side on weekends and 
official holidays. " 

Photos: Tad Sperry 

CHABAD HOUSE ~ 
Oewish Student Center) i 

Invites All Jewish Students To 
Particip~te In A 

"CHASSIDIC SHABBOS" 
SERVICES - SHABBOS - MEALS - DISCUSSIONS 

Every Friday at 5 p.m. 

FREE \ 
\ 

6115 Montezuma Rd. 
For More Information Call 286-4747 

PaRe 3 Triton Times J.muar &, 1975 



I 

1 

... 

Welcome Back My Friends ... 

Here We Go Again ... 
Hurt Me. 

'''' 5 Triton T.... .-,.,. 1m 
'.se 4 Triton TI..... JIIl'lUllry', 1915 



'It Was Another 
Saturday Night.. .. ' 

. by Kirlc Robinson 
Generally speaking, the Christmas vacation IS a pretty good time to 

get away from school and enjoy the things you can't do while buried 
deep within the books of this incredibly complex institution . 

As for myself I prefer to spend my time relaxing and skiing at Tahoe, 
without a care in the world, enjoying the sunrises and sunsets over that 
beautiful lake. 

Unfortunately, one cannot afford to spend a whole month skii ng, so 
I had to resort to other things to occupy my body (not my mind). I 
managed to spencl 3 week under my dad's car repairing an axle and 
another four or so days visiting relatives (you know how things are 
when everyone gets in the Christmas mood). 

But between that and all the football games on TV I still had one 
lonesome Saturday night. How dull. I had my choice of sitti ng at home 
and listening to Dad and his old fraternity brothers sing Cal drinking 
songs or find something ~orthless to do in the terribly boring town of 
Lafayette. . 

It was then I whipped out my pocket UCSD Basketball schedule, 
courtesy of Harry's Coffee Shop, and discovered that the one and only 
(t hank God) UCSD basketball team would be enjoying the hospitality 
of UC Davis in a friendly game of basketball. 

Needless to say, with Davis only an hour or so away, I went to see 
the game. 

I dragged my brother Brooks and AFS brother Carlos along, from 
whom I inherited a co uch in the I iving room as a bed for the vacation, 
so they too could escape a few refrains from some Godawful early 
fifties frat song. 

The drive to Davis is uneventful until a ne attempts to go over 62 
mph in a car with the front end out of alignment. Then it gets exciting. 
But since the speed limit is 55 and such towns as Vacaville and Fair-
fie ld are known as speed traps I decided to forego the thrill, or possibly 
the agony, of driving over 62 mph . 

The first thing I did when I arrived at Davis was get lost, the next was 
to get found and finally I discovered the right gym I felt like 
Christopher Columbus feel ing around in the dark. I didn't know a town 
like Davis could have so many one way streets. 

It was exciting but we (I picked up a map at the campus police 
station and my brother navigated) finally found Hickey (It figures) 
Gymnasium . 

Walking into Hickey Gymnasuim IS like walking into an Egyptian 
tomb without a candle. I wouldn 't have been surprised if a player had 
taken a shot at the tuba in the Davis band, missed and sti ll hit the 
backboard . eedless to say one needed spotlights to follow the players 
up and down the court . 

The Davis band also lended to the excitement of playing in the dark . 
With chants such as "put it in the hole" they are well suited to play in 
the dark . Billed as the "partially male Maverick Aggie band," (they 
were all-male until sued by a female flautist) this group of rowdie< 
resembles t he famous Stanford March ing Band and its Scramble 
pattern , except that at Davis they stayed scrambled . They managed to 

~erenade coach Barry Cunningham on a couple of occasions and they 
even played the national anthem, totally catching the UCSD players 
off guard as they were walking to center court. 

Oh, the game. It was sort of a disappointment if you are a Triton 
basketball fan , and unbelievable there was more than one in at-
tendance . UCSD kind of got clobberred, 80-69 to be exact, and in the 
process looked bad . Brooks even said his high school JV team could 
beat UCSD, a sad commentary on a basketball team. 

Joe Coit led the Tritons with somewhere in the neighborhood of 23 
points with Paul Trainer adding another 16. Only problem was that the 
team didn 't know the meaning of the word defense if they are curious 
they can look the word up In the dictionary . It ap~ars right after the 
word defenstration, which incidentally means thrOWing a person oul of 
a window, whi ch IS essentially what the Aggies (didn't know there were 
any left did you?) did to the Tritons .) 

After the game ended I paid my respects to Coach Cunningham, 
dragged Brooks and Car los out of the gym , got into the car and im-
mediately went the wrong wayan a one way street. Th inking I was 
again lost in Davis I panicked, took another wrong turn, and finally 
found the frel way . 

It was back to Lafayette, fraternity songs and two way streets, where 
I should have b en all the time anyway. 

ERRORITE'· AT YOUR CAMPUS STORE 

- OUT OF SIGHT! 
PaRe 6 Triton Times January 6, 1975 

1M BS 

Winter 1M Signups Start Friday 
by Kirl< Robinson 

Winter quarter is setting In and 
with it the sports of the snowy 
season. Unfortunately for those 
o f you who en joy the pursuits of 
winter happiness in the powdery 
white stuff, we are stuck here in 
the sunny climes of San Diego. 

The Intramural Department is 
going to try and wipe the snow 
from your eyes and provide in-
tramllral activities that will meet 
with your approval, though not 
necessarly be what you really 
dream about during the winter. 

In other words, the winter 
season In intramural sports is 
upon us. It is, therefore, t ime to 
put down the ski poles and pick 
up the basketball (or soccer ball 
ortennisbaill. organize your team 
and show up at one of the up-
coming captai n's meetings. 

Basket ball 

Featured this quarter IS 
basketball for all sizes and sexes. 
There will be Men's basketball, 
Pee Wee basketball ,(for those of 
you who can 't or ~n't m_easure 
over 5'10", and Coed basketball. 
Captain 's meetings for basketball 
are on Friday, jan. 10, with the 
Men's captain 's meeting at 3 pm,' 
Pee Wee at 4 pm and Coed at 5 
pm . 

This year a new technique will 
be employed to schedule games. 
Known as the Lee johnson Insta-
schedule process, most of the 
leagues will be organized on the 
basis of what times people can 
play . If your team can play on 
Wednesday nights at 7 pm, for 
example, your team will play in a 
league where all games will be 
played on , you guessed it. 
Wednesday nights at 7 pm . 
Hopefully this will tend to 
eliminate some of the forfeit 
problems of the football season . 
There will still be leagues 

scheduled on the old system , but 
these will be for teams that really 
think they are hot stuff and want 
some stiff competition . 

Men's and Coed Soccer return 
again this winter . Captain 'S 
meeting for people who - are all 
feet will be a week from Friday on 
January 17. Men 's at 3 pm and 
Coed at 4 pm . 

Floor Hockey 

New this quarrer, brought to 
UCSD straight from the NHL and 
the Broad Street Bullies will be 
Men 's Floor Hockey . Capturing all 
the excitement of the Stanley cup 
but without the ice, the Men 's 
version of Floor Hockey should 
be a brutal and otherwise 
rewarding form of entertainment 
and exercise for all the ·Bobby 
Orr and laime l:3atemans' that 
reside within the cement cracks 
of this university . Oh , by the way, 

the Captain 'S meeting is Friday, 
january 17 at 5 pm . 

Tennis 

This quarter the Intramural 
Department is forming Men's and 
Women 's Doubles Leagues . 
Leagues will be divided into 
d i visions depending on the 
player's ability . Matches will be 
played 7-10 pm Wednesday 
nights on the Muir Courts . 
Members of the Men 's In -
terco llegiate Varsity Tennis Team 
are ineligible . So everyone who 
wants to participate will have to 
be at the meeting held on Friday, 
January 17at 5 pm in the Rec-Gym 
Conference Room . 

Whether it be basketball , 
soccer or tenni s, get your team 
together now, start practicing and 
then come to the Captain's 
meeting of your choice and sign 
up the team. Then go out and 
enjoy the fun of intramurals. 

'11 'J< " 'f. 'II 'I I, , , 

I 
Icpb UCSD Campus Program Board presents 
I 

ProViSional Theatre 
F(ido'y ' Jonuo('y 24 8:30 pm 

"XA" - A VIETNAm PRimER 
Soturdo'y, Jonuor.Y 25 8:30 pm 

"AmERICAN PIECE" 
" the most balanced theatre practice which .l 
have seen in the new theatre anywhere In 
America" 

Village Voice 

REVELLE CAFETERIA 
Tickets: S3 UCSD Student Discount: $2 

mERCEDES 
SOSA 

Fridoy. JQnuar~ 31 
8:30 pm 

NMW 
FOLK ENSEmBLE 
Sundo~, Januor'y 26 8 pm 

A brilliant company of 80 dancers, singers, 
and instrumentalists, in beautiful traditional 
costumes, presenting the ethnic arts of 
Eastern Europe, the Middle East and North 
Africa. 

UCSD G VmNASIUm 
Ticl<ets: $3.50 UCSD Student S2.50 

BOX OFFICE 
INFORmATION 

Foll<lorist singer from Argentina; 
actre ~ in severdl Argentinian films. 

Locotion: UCSD Student Center 
Hours: Tues-Thurs Noon-4:30 

Frid0.Y Noon-ll pm 
Sotu(do~ 6:30 pm-ll pm 

"one of the most outstanding ingers 
of our generation, who has 
dedicated her life '0 the music 
of Argentina dnd Latin America" 

Ambassador Alejandro Orfila ........... 

REVELLE CAFE 
Tickets: 52 .50 UCSD Student Discounl : $1 .00 

-Closed mondo'y-
For information call : 452-4559 

'f, 'J I IT. 'I. 'T. r. ',,' "', 

KDIG License 
Challenged 

Scholander Elected to Swedish Academy 
Continued from Page 1 

wavelength . A competing ap-
plication may be filed, usually 
ensuing in an unpleasant legal 
battle between the two stations . 
Although this method was 
initiated, Musselman and Lewis 
were forced to drop it when UC 
regents became unwilling to 
support the struggle . Con-
sequently, a petition to deny was 
filed, acceptance of which simply 
disqualifies KDIG without naming 
a successor. 

Per F. Scholander, professor of becomes the third fac ulty 
physiology at Scripps Institution member at UCSD to be 
of Oceanography has been recognized by the Swedish Royal 
notified of his election to the Academy of Sc iences. 

and distinguished career in Arctic 
and Antarctic research and 
notabl e achievements in 
science." 

Scholander 's research In 

Scholander's discoveries In-
clude the regulation of blood 
circulation in diVing mammals 
and birds , the remarkable 
capability of blood hemoglobin 
in facditatlng movement of 
oxygen In body tissues, and 
experimental veritiflcatlon of 
negative tissue-fluid pressure In 
animals, and its dynamiCs 

prestigious Swed ish Royal Others are Harold C. Urey, 
Academy of Sciences. University professor, emeritus, comparative physiology spans 

almost four decades with subjects 
ranging from icebergs and whales 
to molecules and si ngle cells, 
from the tropics to the Arcti c and 
Antarctic, and from the rise of sap 
in the tallest redwoods to the 
secretion of gas by fishes at the 
bottom of the sea . The plant 
studies in collaboration with his 
colleague, H . T. Hammel of 
Scripps, led to demonstration and 
exact measu rements of the 
negative sap pressure in all 
vascular plants, in particular 
mangroves, wh ich st ron gly 
implicated solvent tension as 
basic to any understanding of 
colligative properties of solutions 
and thereby osmosis. Th is view 
was verified by gravitational and 
magnetic experiments on model 
systems. 

. who was elected to the Academy 
Sc.holander . ~ald . today he in 1941, seven years after having 

recel ved notl flea tlOn of his been named a Nobel laureate in 
election from Dr. Carl Gustaf chemistry; and Hannes Alfven , 
Bernhard, s~cretary of the professor of applied physics and 
Academy, wh.lch was founded. In information science, who was 
1739 and deSignates N?bel Prize elected to the Academy in 1974 

Scholander moved from 

laure~tes In phYSICS and and designated a Nobel laureate 
chemistry. . .. in physics in 1970. Academy 

Sweden to Norway at an early 
Continued on Page 8 

r:U! Church of Con,ervatlon 
InVites You To Be An 

ORDAINED MINISTER 
And Acquire The Rank Of 

DOCTOR OF NATUREPEOICS 

Musselman, now working as an 
electronics technician says there 
is "no way for the FCC to ignore 
the charges."Nor, he says, can 
KDIC's operator, West Coast 
Media, which also operates radio 
KORj in Orange County. West 
Coast Media is owned by 
Dominic A. Visconsi, a Cleveland 

real~state developer, and Donald 
B. McCann, a Cleveland attorney. 
Recent developments indicated 
that sale of KDIG and KORj was 
imminent. Any ale has now been 
thwarted until the FCC has a 
chance to consider the petition to 
deny, which could take years. 
M eanwhile, KDIG operates 
without a license while its per-
formance is evaluated, and mav 

The Swedish-born SCientist thus Secy . Bernhard is professor of 

not be sold . Should KDIG lose its 
license, and a new license be 
awarded free to the successor 
station, the present owners are 
not compensated . 

The significance of this action 
was expressed in a recent con-
frontation between Lewis and 

owner McCann at Lewis' Del Mar 
home. During the course of a 
conversation in the front vard, 
when Lewis appeared reluctant to 
pursue the topic of license denial 
further McCann stated that, 
"When' l get hit hard , I hit hard ." 

.--..,..- Everything New in 
Skis a.nd Clothing 

FREDERICK'S SID &: HIKE 
Outfitters 

7722 Fay J\. veDDe 
La 10Ua 454.1410 

Snow reports 454-2351 

IT'S TIME THINK ABOUT 
TOMORROW 

School won't last forever. Before you know it-
graduation. You'll be out of the shell and starting off 
on your professional or business career. 

Often, iUsn't easy. Always, it costs money. 
And there's nothing li~e a little nest-egg to help 

you over the early humps. 
That's why - right now - you should be saving 

at friendly La Jolla Federal. We pay the highest interest 
allowed by law - thus assuring that your money 
will grow at a. surprisingly fast clip. 

Your account's insured to $20,000. And your 
money's available immediately in case of sudden need. 
Start saving for tomorrow - today. At friendly, 
dependable La Jolla Federal. 

We'll help you save for a sunny day. 

physics at the Karolinska In-
stitute, in Stockholm, at which 
Scholander has studied in recent 
years . The secretary said 
Scholander had been elected a 
foreign member of the Academy 
in the 7th Class, which is 
designated for zoologists. Other 
foreign members in that category 
include joint 1973 Nobel 
laureates in physiology or 
medicine, Karl Von Frisch and 
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz; and 
Theodosius Dobzhansky, famed 
geneti cist. 

Last year Scholander received 
an honorary doctorate from the 
University of Alaska in 
recognition of his "extraordinary 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

311 F. Street 

'AYSDONORS 
Iorsenke 

Mon.·Sat. 
1:4t-5:30 
CIoIedSun. 
233-M81 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 

LIBRARY 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 
Send for your up-ta-date, 
176·page, mail order catalog 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
$1.00 to cover postage (1 -2 
days delivery time). 

519 GLEN'ROCK AVE. 
. SUITE 1203 

LOS ANGELES, CA. 90024 
Our ma terial, are 101 d for 

r_arch purpoM$ only 

I, 

Our fast growing church IS 
clively seeking envlronment-
oncious new ministers who 
elieve what we believe . Man 
hould eXist In harmony With 
ature. We are a non -structure 
aith, undenominational , With no 
radltlonal doctrine or dogma 

Benefits for ministers are 
1. Car Em bl em and Pocket 1.0 
2. Reduced rates from man 

otels, motels, restaurants, ca 
rental agencies , etc Ou 

i rectory lists ov r 1.000 prestlg 
establishments extending an 
automatic cash discount 

3. Perform marriages, baptism , 
funerals and all other ministerial 
functions 

4. Start your own church and 
apply for exemption trom 
property and other taxes 

Enclose a free-will donation for 
the minister'S credentials and 
pocketlicense. Your ordination IS 
recognized in all 50 states and 
most foreign countries 

CHURCH OF CONSERVATION, 
BOX 375, MARY ESTHER , 
FLORIDA 32569. 

So ~ is it Legal only inNewada? 
Acupuncture has worked for millions of people for 

thousands of years with relief for such problems as: 
ULCERS ' BURSITIS ' ALLERGIES ' SCLEROSIS ' ALCOHOLISM 
CHILDBIRTH • HEMORRHOIDS • MUSCLE SPASMS, BACK AILMENTS 
NERVE DEAFNESS • SKIN DISORDERS • FEMAlE PROBLEMS • NERVE 

DISORDERS • WEIGHT PROBLEMS • WATER RETENSION 
DRUG WITHDRAWAl • TOBACCO WITHDRAWAL 

MIGRAINE HEADACHES • ARTHRITIS 
Acupuncture Research Foun-

dation, Inc. is headquartered in 
Nevada because Nevada is' the 
only state where Acupuncture 
Is 100% legal. Some of our 
alms are to legalize Acupunc-
ture In every state. Much re-
se.rch I. needed In all ph .... 
of medicine by Acupuncture. 
We feel that the Federal Gov-

ernment should make funds 
available to build clinics and 
training centers so that mpre 
Acupunturlsts can be trained to 
bring Acupuncture treatment to 
everyone everyWhere. If you 
feel a. we do, please help us 
bring about thele worthy alms, 
by sending your tax deductible 
donation now. 

IlP ___ lIP YI·III.-lIIAYI 
. ......................................................................... . 

TOI ACUPUMCTUlIIllUlCM FaRlAn"" 11Ie., 120 E. FI ... , lie v .... , M.. OID1 
A _",fit, ~IIIIfIItIIIIIIOft 

he,,,, I. "" tel fIMtI'le 
c~ t8 ... " ,.,,-PAIII aMI IUffUIIItI aMI ...., 
II1"I4I IRfWIiIttIeII *'" tIIIa ~" _. (CeI~, ellie' ., 
"""" ".) 
T.T. 

~,---------------------
AODII£SI ______________ _ 

CITY ______________ _ 

ITATlI-_______ ____ .A11P' ___ _ 

,.11 .......... 1 •• 1 ... 1 ...... ' .. 11 .. 111 ....... 11 .. 11 .................................... 'ft 

PaRe 7 Triton Times ~nwry 6, 1975 



1.70 Hond. CB17t, "elm.tl. lult 
.. , offer . ..... utility treller *22I/ offer· 
4J1.417.M. Ed. I p1 1101 

For .... 1. AUltln Americe Low 
mll.e. NHd. minor work. Good 
tra...,.".tlon. MOO or 1. C.II Eliot It 
~11111 

housing 
R_meteC.1 wented: .1. or .1. If or 
pelr to aha,.1 ler .. bedroom In 3 bel rm 
town hou .. O.ne_ Highland • . CIU 
..... 11111 

Young bu.ln ... m.n _kl 1 or 2 
roomm.tee for duple" neer beech . 
furn .. rant n.gotlabl • . C.II Rich 464· 
91 .. before 5. Ip1 / 101 

wanted 
TENORS. BASSES: r.g.rdl ... of your 
.tudy .mphe.I.. If you hev. a good 
voice end cho .. 1 .. p.rI.nce .nd ling 
on pitch. pl.... .rrang. In eudltlon 
with Dr. John Lerg • • MUIIc Dept.. C -
3Z3O. 11111 
Going to lov.1y Yum •• Arlz.1 Need rlda 
on Friday. help wI .... L .. ". m .... g. 
.t 1330 B.hrlng H.II. Matth.wI 
C.mpu .... 11111 

advertisements for ourselves ---
services 

DATSUN STUDENT DISCOUNTS ell 
model. .v.l .. bl. c.1I Mr. FI ... y 212-
21 • . Ip1 /131 

T.rm P.peral Clned.·1 Ia .... t Hrvlc • . 
For catelogu. HncI t2 to: bHY S.r-
vic... 117 Spadlna Ave.. No. •• 
Toronto. Ontario. C.nada. IpS/ll 

Typlng-M.rilyn would Ilk. to type your 
pa ... r. theel.. etc. She II .x ... rienced 
on .11 type. of paP8rl. f.lt. .... onabl. 
• nd .... n IBM. P ..... c.11 her et __ 
lB.lp1111 

WIN teech M.n .nd Wom.n beelc 
Mod.rn J.II with .mph.ll. In 
Chor.ography .nd .x.rcl... Forming • 
c ..... t2.1iO for on. hour. C.II BI""ra .t 
287-1321. 11/11 

SUMMER JOBS FOR 71 - No ex-
perienc. nec:_ry. Apply for 10M et 
Stete end Federal P.rkl. Gueat Rln-
c ..... Tourilt reeortI, priv.te cam .... 
Leem H_. When .nd Where to .pply. 
Raeelve over 2DII C.llfornla nem ... nd 
.......... Send .3.110 to J .O.I . P.O . 
10" ,. Monterey. Ce . .... Ip11131 

travel 
SOUTH AMERICA ft OALAPAGOS 
ISLES 2-4 Month Expari.nc ... low· coat. 
Brochur.: NEWWORLD 
EDUCATIONAL TRIPS PO BOX 21" 
S.lIna. Ce . ..,. Ip1/101 
SSW Travel Offlo. - ON CAMPUS -
EUROPE ft NY Cherta.. UCSD Int'I 
Cerrter C ... 10-3:30 M.W.F. ONLY 
Ip11/271 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE wtth 
Cher-Tou .. on !tan-Am. LA ... rtu .... 
RESERVAnONI: TOT 1~ Illy ,artl 
~'ml 320. Irvine. Ce. mc-'101I. · 

---what's happening-----------------.. 
notices 

The Proj.ct In lberlln end Lltln 
Amerlcen Studl.1 Office hel moved to 
room 507 MC. W. cen b. ruch.d by 
cempul mell cod. Q.(JII() or by phone at 
."telllion ~. 11 /61 

"What Oth.r Chrllllani B.li.v.... 6· 
w •• k seri.. of d ialogu. . w ith 
r.pr .. ontatlv • • of 11 church'l and 2 
campu. mov.m.nts. blglnl tomorrow 
ITu .. day l. 7 :30 p. m.. Un iv.ralty 
Luth.ran Church. with Fr. Lell.y of the 
~pl.copa l Churcl:l and Putor Mont· 
IJomery of the Luth.ran Church. All ar. 
w.lcome. 11/61 

Feculty Sh.rry Hour thl. Wed .• • :00 to 
6:00 p.m .. BI.ke H.II Conf. Room. 11t 
floor. w .. t lid • • Ipon.ored by Offlc. of 
R.lIgjoul AHel ... No hidden Ig.nda • • 
jUlt refr .. hm.nt .nd con". ... tion. All 
faculty w.lcome. 11 /81 

TABLE TENNIS BENEFIT-US Wmn.-
T .. m. P.tty M.rtlnez INo. 2USI. D •• n 
C,"rdl INo. 1Jrl & mor.1 8 p.m. 1110 
Conference Bldg .. B.lboa Pk . • 1. Info 
~108. Ip1 / 101 

Stud.nt Body Coop n •• da volunt •• rs 
fo r s tat.wid. UC committ.es. Call x-
4460 for info. 11/11 

Lest We Forget 
Continued from Page 3 

(hlldren In poor famllie could experience ChrIStmas They went In one 
· ~tor out. In another. out. for day 

rlnally, at the nd of the broadcast, the birds At a golf cour e III 
Lake Ide. flocks of birds Insist on landing on the gr ens, thus hurting 
the ~cor of the tWI t d old men who play there to the tun . 

someltme~. of ten pOln~s The bird come to lake ide from Orange 
county b au e It I legal to shoot them in Orange County . 

The reporter Interviewed one angry man after another. all of whom 
wanted to hoot the bird right qUi ck. no que tion asked . The central 
problem ~eemed to be that the birds leave droppings on the greens. 
which tended to gum up the works . However. none of the men actually 
sa id that It wtll always amaze me that there are people, who though 
too cllscr t to allude to bird hit . wllI.1n the same breath, advocate th 
ma sacre of a bu nch of dumb blrd~ so they ca n play through Without 

~etttng their hoes ti cky 
Only In a city Itke los Angeles, which exhibit such a cro section of 

111 . auld a m uch contradiction and sickness appear on one silly little 
llewscast It was only th next day when I went to Hol lywood , walked 
past all the peopl on the streets who don't have enough food , and 
paid Ihree dollars to se Earthquakp. In which the whole town 

101Iap~e~. that I felt b Her 

Scholander 
Elected to 
Academy 

continued from page 7 
age . and attended the Univers ity 
of Oslo, from which he received a 
degr In mediCine in 1932. HIS 
Interest In botany led to hiS 
, tudles of the "chens of nor-
thern Grpen land and pltsbergen 
and to hiS PhD In botany tn 1934 

H cam to the Un Ited States in 
1919 as a Rockefeller rellow tn 
Swarthmore College, and became 
a U S iti Z n tn 1945, after 

~erving as an Hetlc and aViation 
phYSlOlogl t \~ I t h th US Air 
lorce during World War" 

A fter the war . cholander 
began his Nork on climate 
adaptation In atcltc and tropical 
animals at tl ,e Ar tl R s arch 
laborator y 1 POint Harrow . 
Ala~ka . and ~he Canal Zone 
Biological (>.) on Barra 
Co lorado Isl lrlJ In th Canal 
Lone 

He ~p nd evera l y ars at 
Harvard M('( ical chool and at 
thE' Woods HolE' Oe 'anograph lC 
Institution , and th n was ap-
pOinted professor In th 
UniverSity of Oslo, wh re he 
(onduet d studies on climate 
adaptation In th orweglan 
mountains and led an exp dltlon 
to Au traltd to Inve tlgate the 

.. 

dbortglnes. whos ability to l ive 
naked In freeZing wi nter cli mate 
has -caused so much comment. 

Scholander joined the U SD 
faculty In 1959, after retu rn ing 
from Woods Hole He was the 
first director of )c r ipps's 
PhYSiolo gica l Research 
laboratory. serving from August, 
1963, to lun , 1970 His efforts 
generated a National SCience 
roundatlon grant of more than a 
million dollars to bu ild an ex-
perimental biological re earch 
vessel , the Alpha Helix. which 
was dedicated in March, 1 6, as 
a national facdlty op rated by 
cripps In st itution 
He is a member of the ational 

Academ y of c len ces and 
Amencan Philo ophical Society--
both among the hi ghe~t honors In 
American sci nc In 1969, he 
rec Ived d Guggenh 1m 
I ellowship 

r holand r has said of ocean 
r a, ..I, " Whf"n p ople talk 
about research I n the ocean. they 
tend to forget something very 
bdSIC the 0 ean Will Yield not 
only tlsh and protein but 
knowledg as we ll And thl~ 
knowledge IS not restricted to the 
()('('dn To me, th re I no cit I 
Ipren betw en plants and 
animals anywher tf you are 
tnt r sted In system~ rhey all 
opprate on the same baSIC 

parameter~. but mphases arf.' 
different ancl comparl~ons 
rpwardtng " Triton Times 1 Col 

'aile 8 Triton Times January 6, 1975 

meetings 
FOURTH COLLEGE STUDENTS: Volc. 
your oplnlonl on UCSD houllng 
• itu.tion. Meeting. Thu .... J.n. • • .t 
12:30 p.m. in the Stud.nt C.nt.r Lerg. 
Conf. Room. R.comm.nd.tlon. on 
waYlltud.nt. should b. hOUHd for the 
1'75-76 .ced.mlc ye.r will be 
diacuII.d. 11 /81 

Any Triton Tim •• report ... who h.ve 
m.neged to ltaV in .chool .hould .t-
t.nd the ltend.rd TT n.w. meeting 
tomorrow aU p.m. in the oHlca. F.llur. 
to show Ilgnill •• a Hcrltlc. of on.'. 
right to continua .mploym.nt-jt. 11 /61 

First S .A.T.C.H. IStudonts Activ. 
Toward. Community H •• lthl m •• ting 
of the y •• r. W.dn.sd.y 6:00 p.m. 
Student Lounge at Stud.nt Center. Sea 
you ther • . Info . x .... 11/81 

Chavez'S Boycott 
. Still Works 
continued from page 2 

I wa begtnnl ng to f I guilty 
On the way to the market , I 
noticed a list of item his wife had 
asked h 1m to get. But he broke 
the btll and gave m th dues. 
" I'm orry I don 't have more," he 
said. "The unton I worth a lot 
more than $J.50--if it means my 
kids can have a futu re." 

I got back in my car. intending 
to leave, but for some reason I 
topp d in front of the store to 

look at this man With only $1.50 
to buy food for hi famtlv. He 
didn 't know I was watching. and I 
thought. I f thiS man ha that 
much fa ith In th union, we have 
to Win 

l our year later. two w eks 
after we Signed our first ontract 
With chen ly Vi neyards. the same 
man came up to me and 
produced a company paycheck. 
He said It represented almos t 
300 "1 more than wh at he was 
maki ng In 1962. " R member the 
$3 .50." h ald. " That wa my 
Investment " 

Now. as then. the growers' 
mot ivation I th money we have 
learned to do without. Someday 

the boycott will convince them 
that It I ~ no longer profitable to 
keep their ~we theart pacts with 

the 1 am~t rs. who w tll bE' a ked 
to leav(' th E' fields We have 
nothing elsE' to do With our lives 

excppl to butld our union We will 
(onlinu whClher It take~ one 
year or 20 Wp wtll nE'ver Hive up 

We do not pret('nd that we 
have be!'n nparly \UC e .. ful 
('no llgh or that we have not nldde 

ml~tak('~ WI' do not un 
d£'r('\tlmatP our advE'rsdrles. 
bl'C au~(' thl'Y drf.' rich dnd 
IlOwprful and thl'y own thE' land 

Ilut w(> know w(' wtll Win tn thp 
('nd ; Wt' ledrnpd many y<'ars ago 
thdt the rtC.h may have money. 
but Ilw poor hdvf.' t Iml' 

Communication. Board Meeting 1 p.m. 
Thu ... St. Org. Conf. room. 11/81 

FI .. t t.em meeting • . Winter Qu.rtar 
1115 - B ... b.II-Mon .. Jen. 13 .t 7:OO-P.E . 
C .... room; Cr_-Mon .. J.n. •• t 3:00-
BoathouH; F.nclng-Tu .... Jan. 7 at 
3:OO-Fanclng Room; Go" IS.. In· 
t.rcoll.glat. S.cr.taryl; K.r.t. IS •• 
Intercoll.giate S.cratarvl ; Rugby-
Tu .... J.n. 7 at 3:30·Mulr FI.ld; S.illng· 
Thu .... Jan. 9 at 4:OO-P.E. CI .... oom; 
Snow Skiing IS.a Int.rcllilaglate 
Secretaryl; Swimming. M.n-Mon .. J.n. 
• .t 3:(10. Pool; Swimming. Wom.n-
Thu .... J.n. 9 .t 5:OO-Pool; T.nnl • . M.n-
Fri .. J.n. 10 at 4:(IO.P.E. Clallroom; 
Tennl • • Wom.n·Tu ••.• J.n. 7 .t 4:(10. 
P.E. Cle .. room ; Tr.ck . M.n & 
Wom.n;Frl .. Jan. 17 .t 7:00· P.E. 
CI ... room; Volleybell. M.n-Mon .• Jan. 
6 .t 6:00-M.in Gym Floor; Wr •• tllng · 
Mon .• Jan. 6 at 4:00-Wr •• tling Room; 
B •• k.tball . Women-Mon.. J.n. 6 at 
5:(IO.Rec. Gym Floor. 11 /81 

films 
FREE FILM: "TOO LATE TO WAIT' MC 
711 Racr .. tlon H.II. M.nt.we C.m-
pu.. Wed.. J.n. 8. 7:30 '.M. Also 
.P .. ker: EIi.ha V.rg. will be talklne 
about "HARAMIE HOllOAY." 11/11 

new classes 
Att.ntlon aliluniori • •• nlon .nd gradl 
in Hi.tory. lit.r.tura .nd Socloloey. 
Th. second p.rt of • 3 qu.rt.r In-
t.rdisciplln.ry .aminer will be oH.r.d 
on Mon .• 3·5 in 1m HL. latin American 
Em.rg.nc. : Continuity .nd Chang. In 
the Hlsp.nlc Frontl.r. S.. cl ... 
.1chedul. 'or cou .. a cod.l. 111101 

Blo 121 . N.uroblology I. Thr .. hou .. 
I.c. Pr.r.qullit.. gan ... 1 biology or 
g.n.ral plychology. Op.n r.gl.tr.tion. 
cou ... cod. 5074. M.W.F . • :00-5:30. HSS 
1330. 111101 

NewTT 
Ad Policy 

Because of difficulties in the 
processing of classified advertise-

ments in the past, the Triton Times 
has instituted a new ' ad policy. 

Beginning today, classified ads 
may be submitted to Secretary 

Coxe or Secretary Camille Cacas 
at the following hours in the n 
paper's offices in Lower Blake Hall. 

Tuesday through Friday: 
12:00 to 1:00 pm 

Monday, Wednesday and Friday: 
4:00 to 5:00 pm 

More hours will be added later 
as staff schedules are finalized. 

Unfortunately, the Triton Times 
cannot accept ads at times other 
than those listed above, or accept 
ads given over the telephone. 

There will be no exceptions 
to this policy 


