
Religion at UCSD 

Raising 
Questions of 

Value 
by James G. Soto 

aty Editor 
Father Bernie Campbell, 

Catholic Chaplain at UC San 
Diego, says one of the greatest 
iss ues facing the campus 
population today is in dealin~ 
with the "image of man alone." 

Accoromg to the chaplams at 
the office of Religious Affairs, 
UCSD and the world-at large is 
not an especially friendly place 
for the average person. 

One of the functions of the 
re ligious affairs office is to raise 
questions of value, direction 
and purpose for tne campus 
community. Through its 
counseling and other service~, 
Religious Affairs provides some 
insi~ht into what the needs, 
spintual or oth~rwise, of the 
campus commumty are. 

For Campbell and Les 
Atki nson, of the United 
Campus Ministrv. the issue of 
man standing alone in the world 
and at UCSD is wrapped up in 
the problem of community. 
"There is a kind of isolation 
here which separates the 

facult~, the staff, and the 
students from each other, as 
well as from themselves," 
Campbell said . . 

Heatedn~bale 
The Catholic Chaplain 

related a story of two faculty 
members who had been working 
at UCSD for over a decade and 
were finally only introduced to 
each other at a faculty get-
together sponsored by religious 
afai rs. The two-men wouldn't 
have taken the· time to find out 
who the other was had it not 
been for the occasion of a 
heated debate over one of the 
critical social issues being 
discussed at the time. 

Campbell says he doesn't 
notice any anger on campus that 
would inspire people to do a 
little communicating. 

Atkinson said he once went to 
a dorm suite to visit a student 
and had the opportunity to ,meet 
the student's roommate after he 
answered the door. After 
Atkinson had asked to see his 
friend, he was met by a silent 
tare of ignorance. 

The roommate finally said, 
"You must mean the guy on the 
upper bunk." 

Laml.'oel1 sala the reelmg ot 
competition on camJ'us has 
done much to stifle com-
mu nication between students. 
The most alarming incident in 
Campbell's memory occured 
during last year's orientation 
meetings for freshmen. 

A student had just made 
frien ds with her roommates and 
eemed well on her way to 

adj usting to college life. Two 
weeks later, Campbell said, the 
gi rl came back and said, "All of 
my roommates are my enemies, 
I just found out they are pre-
med major also." 

The offida. unlvenlty Line 
Campbell said he had trouble 

in goi ng to orientation this year 
because he was tired of hearing 
the phone idyllic environment 
being pushed by administrators. 

" At meetings with parents, 
Campbell said, "nobody (in the 
admini tration) was wilhne to 
deal with the erious questIons 
raised about living. at the 

luniversity." He said University 
officials sloughed off the 

qu~ tions and gave the official 
unlver ity line about life on 
campu . . 

e Atkin on says that he 
COBtiDaed .. Pap I 

UC's Saxon Wanted 
Veto of Privacy Bill 

.. mlto ....... WI ..... ., fro ... thl 19201 contrast. with Blul 
' Angell prtdaion flight t...... Both were featured at HAS 
Mi ..... Air Show celtbrati .. US Navy'l 200th IHrth.,. 

\. 

Saxon: UC Merits Long 
Term Public Support 

In a recent speech before the 
Town Hall of California, UC 
President David Saxon em-
phasized that UC merits the 
public's support because of its 
numerous contributions to 
society. 

"There is nothing enBaged in 
by the University that IS not in 
one wa¥ or another a public 
service,' Saxon explained. He 
said the citizens of California 
should support the University 
financially by getting involved 
in its activities, and by sending 
"their very ablest sons and 
daugi)ters to the University in 
fulfillment ot' the American 
Dream: the opportunity for an 

'Play It Again .. . ' 

education to the limit of the 
individual's capacity." . 

Saxon acknowledged t~at 
with the current financIal 
problems in California that 
there is a tendency for people to 
concentrate on short term needs 
and ignore th,e long-term needs 
of the university. 

"We at the University do 
indeed unders tand t~e 
seriousness of the financial 
situation, but we also un-
derstand the crucial importance 
to society of keeping the long-
run benefits -- the advanced 
training, the basic r~search --
flowing through the pipeline so 

Continued on Page 8 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

The Presiden t of the 
University of California actively 
attempted to get Gov. Brown to 
veto the personal privacy bill 
that became law last Thursday. 

AB 852, sponsored by State 
Senators George Moscone (D-
SF) and Denms Carpenter (R-
Newport Beach), was signed by 
Brown last Wednesday. It 
guarantees people access to all 

Del Mar 
Registration 
Drive Initiated 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

Del Mar city councilperson 
Tom Shepard and UC San 
Diego student Loren Kaye have 
organized a voter-registra tion 
drive aimed at registering 
UCSD students who live in Del 
Mar. 

Kaye said that the student 
organization he heads, Keep 
Students in Del Mar, plans to 

re~ister 300 students to vote in 
the November 25 election in Del 
Mar before · the registration 
deadline of October 25. 

On November 25 1 Del Mar 
residents will give their approval 
or disapproval to eleven aspects 
of the Del Mar Community 
Plan . These aspects of the plan 
involve : residential and 
commercial land use, en-
vironmental management, and 
transportation and economics. 

Community Plan Election 
The election comes as the 

result of disagreements between 
the Del Mar City Council and a 
group of Del Mar citizens over 
the Community Plan the 
council adopted in May 1975. 

After the council adopted the 
plan last May, a number of 
citizens circulated a petition 
calling for a referendum on the 
plan . The City Council 
repealed the plan in July 1975, 
making a provision that an 
elect ion allowin~ the voters to 
approve or disapprove key 
i sues of the plan be held in 
November . 

The City Council will u e the 
results of the election to revise 
the Community Plan, 

According to Kaye, UC D 
student should be particularly 
interested in the residential land 
use portions of the ballot. 
"Students shou ld be intere ted 
in the outcome of the election\ 
ince it will effect the co t ana 

Continued on Page 8 

Folklore Expert Hinton Known for Music 
by Alan Russell 

Starr Writer 
His 'title at UC San Diego is Director of 

Relations with Schools. 
But as ably as he handles that job, his true 

expertise lies in other fields. He is Sam Hinton, 
professional folk music inger, and much more. 

Hinton's life history is as interesting a one of 
his musical performances . In 1934, while at-
tending Texas MM, he worked hi way through 
school. 

Nothing unusual about that? 
The little difference i that he milked and .. old 

snake poi on from a collection of 60 water 
mocca In . Hinton later graduated from UC Lo 
Anleles with a degree in zoology, and moved on 

to Ie dangerou, though equally fa cinating 
work . 

In 1939 he acted professionally on tage in a 
play called " Meet The People" o ne of the first 
" ocially ignificant" play in the country. 

When he wa in hi 20, Hinton became 
director of the De ert Mu eum in Palm Spring, 
taying at that po t for everal year until he 

became a technical illu trator for the U 
Di i ionofWarRe carchin 1944. 

In 1946 h e was appointed director of ripp 
Aquarium and Mu eum, a po ition he held for 
twenty year . 

oBtltnled 00 Pag 8 

government records kept on 
them, including university 
confidential files on professors . 

The bill, accordmg to Ben 
By,cel, an American Civil 
Llberites Union attorney who 
worked with Moscone, wlll give 
private citizens the right to 
examine all government records 
and amend, correct or chaUenge 
such information 

All Academic Files Opened 
What bothers Saxon is that 

the bill also opens all academic 
files, including personal 
evaluation information used in 
tenure cases. 

While not arguing with the 
basic tenets of the bill, Saxon 
feels there are already adequate 
safeguards to protect UC 
emp,loyees from abuses . 

' When you press" sup-
woters of the bill, Saxon says, 
'they are usually talking about 

institutions other than Uc. Not 
one tenure case has ever been 
overturned . We can maintain 
safeguards ... 

By contrast, Bycel said "the 
issue if the constitutional right 
to see what is said about you, to 
face your accusor. Saxon wants 
the university to be an ex-
ception ... He's willing to kill the 
toughest right to privacy 
legislation in the country to 
protect (personnel evaluation) 
files." 

Bycel claims Saxon called 
Moscone 10 times in two days 
and sought a personal visit with 
Brown to voice his opposition. 
Saxon was "on a rampage" 
because of the bill, he con-
tended. 

AFT " Pleased" 
The head of the UCSD 

chapter of the American 
Federation of Teachers, Francis 
Halpern, said the "AFT was 
pleased with the bill." 
Although he sees that "at least 
superficially" the bill might 
impair the gathering 9f candid 
peer-comments used m tenure 
reviews, he doesn't "see 
necessarily where that's an 
insurmountable obstruction." 

Originally Saxon "objected 
to (tlie bill Is) impact on the 
confidentiality of peer review. " 

When it left the Senate, the 
bill excluded the University. 
The Assembly included the 
Universitr to Saxon's "great 
surprise. ' The bill passed in 
that version. 

Then, Saxon said, "We 
began to study the bill and 
fou nd we had "lore .grounds for 

Continued on Page 8 

SBPC Meeting 
Friday 

The UC Student Body 
President's Council will meet at 
UC San DieBo at lOam thi 
Friday mormng to di cu the 
seating of two of its member . 

The po ition of Neil Moran, 
from UC Santa Barbara, and 
Lindsey Connor, from UC Lo 
Angeles, are in jeopardy 
becau e of alleged election 
irregularitie . 

Student Cooperative 
Statewide E t('fOal ffairs Co-
Coordinator Irma Munoz was 
in trum nt~ ;;; 1 r~u hl th-
charge again t Moran, who i 
charged with failing to report 
th- purchase of $3 worth uf 
po tage tamp, and inac-
curately Ii ting the tamp on 
hi campaign tatement. 

Th meeting will be held in 
the tudent center. 



Jolla B. Taylor 
Edlter-lD-Cldef 

fli ... flll1(18 
----~- +-----~---------uc ... .,. 

James G. &.to 
CltyedHer 

The Tri!on Times is recognized as Ihe officiol sludent newspaper by 
the Communications Boord of UCSO. Unsigned ediloriols represenl 
the views of the majority of Ihe editorial boord (above), and nollhe 
views of Ihe University, the Communications Boord or Ihe sludent 
body. 

GSU and Accreditation 
It will be Inlerelliina to lee wbat effed tbe Graduate Student 

Union a.d tile situation tbat birtbed it wHl have on UC San Dleao's 
attempt to pin a ten-year accreditation. 

Accreditation Is supposed to prove tbat a unlvenity Is a quality 
institution. It Is gained by PQlIlliga review given by representatives 
of an accredltina aleDcy, wbich Is composed of all accredited 
Khoots In ageoarapblc reilon. 

It also means money, because without it a school cannot get any 
federal funds. , 

In 1973, UCSD was &lven a two-year accreditation. A member of 
the UCSD planning starr hilS blamed that short accreditation on 
"mlsundentandlng," and alack of " clear understanding" of wbat 
information, the accreditation agency required; the accreditation 
committee dted IIdminlstratlve disorder and academic imbalance. 

The UCSD Academic Plan, approved since 1973, projects a 
somewhat more balanced distribution of faculty among natural 
science, bumanitles and social science. The accrediting committee 
will judge for itself whether UCSD has improved its administrative 
strudure. 

However, there Ire other, more pressing problems at UCSD tbis 
year, tbat were not commented on in the 1973 report. At the center 
9f those problems is the GSU. It has served to define lind publicize 
the Issues of overcrowded classrooms and administrative waste. 

GSU members, of course, have not done this on a wholly 
altruistic basis. Money Is the issue at hand; once again it has served 
to bring people tOlether. 

But for the money they demand, and need, graduate students 
perform a valuable service. The way the university Is run today, 
graduate students, as teacher-assistants, perform many vital tasks. 
They hold discussion sections, explain lectures given by practially-
absentee professors, grade tests and papers. Some would say they 
make the univer ity run. A T A strike could very well shut the 
university down. 

As graduate students lose their positions, and no new ones are 
hired to meet expanding undergraduate student needs, educational 
quality necessarily suffers. 

While education suffers, UCSD remains plagued by ad-
ministrative waste. In the GSU report compiled over the summer it 
was shown that UCSD has one of the highest administrator per 
IItudent ratio in the University of California system. UCSD, the 
GSU reports ,spends $100 more per student than UC Irvine does. 

Perhaps this indicates that the UCSD administration is no better 
organized than it was in 1973. 

The crux of the matter, however, remains {he quality of 
education, which after all is what the university is supposed to be 
about. 

At UCSD this year the Revelle College Humanities sequence has 
virtually cut writing out of its class structure. Mathematics 1 and 2 
sections, the basic sequences offered by that department, have been 
cut from two-a-week to one. The chemistry department may, 
because of laboratory section cutbacks, be forced to exclude non-

Continued on Page 8 

Simply Politics 
The Student Cooperative Steering Committee has barred the 

pre from its meetings. 
Last Wednesday a Triton Times reporter WollS excluded from a 
stee~ing committee meeting. The committee, consisting of all Coop 
chalrpeople and coordinators, is the clearing house for everything 
that comes before the full Coop, which, theoretically, is the entire 
student body. 

Then, theoretically again, the Steering Committee is the 
representative body of all UC San Diego students. . 

The reason they gave for the exclusion was that planning sessions 
hould not be publidzed because discrepencies between Coop 

planning and actions mi ght arise. 
~Iso, ~ome membe ' were unhappy with Coop coverage in the 

Triton Times. 
This is quite anoma!ous. 
Coop chairpeople and coord,ltIators, the most active Coop 

members, are for the nost part radical, in Ideology If not in action. 
They are the same ' yho would criticize IIle Amt'riran political 
process for its c.land~·tine activities. They are the same who would 
condemn the Senate f , Ir its closed sessions lind the President for not 
being open with the pr es • 

However, there would appear to be no difference, relatively, of 
course, between the Senate CIA ubcommittee meeting behind 
clo ~ doors and the jteering committee keeping the press from its 
meeting. 

Thl is not, of cour e, to ay that the Triton Times is the only 
new paper on campus. But, it is the only one that publishe 
frequently enough to inform tudents about weekly meetings of 
groups like the teering Committee. 

Therefore, since a va t majority of students have neither the time 
nor inclination to attend ueh meeting , the Steering Committee 
ha effectively shield d it activities from the rest of the campus. 

Once again. the oop that "noble experiment" in government 
ha proven jt I no better than an t(tcted bod . . , : 

• rlf.N. flllK'S Wedand.", Octoberl,197S 
letters to the Editor 

Parking Services Corrects TT Errors 
As a result of an interview 

with parkin~ services, the article 
Qublished In September 22 
Triton Times concerning 
parking has some incomplete 
and inaccurate statements. I 
offer at thi& lime, corrections to 
those statements which I feel 
may have been misleading. 

I. Parld_. Spaces VS 
Permits Sold 

While the number of permits 
sold arproaches the number of 
forma parking spaces, the 
amount of available space on 
campus durir.g peak periods is 

still 500 to I,OOe)"spaccS. 
2. Budaet VS Debt Service 

Annual debt service is $96,000 
and is repaid similar to a home 
mong_age and does not affect 
the financial stability of the 
program. 

3. Expenditures 

Budgetary expenditures are kept 
to a mlmmum In relation to the 
size of the program they 
maintain. Covering such items 
as: salaries, renov.ation of 
existing facilities, maintenance 

Gun Control Would Show 
Resourcefulness of Crooks 

Speaking of slumbering thinkers, does anyone remember the 
N!Jble Experiment? . 

It wasn't long ago that the American consciousness was raised to 
the point of illegalizing alcohol as a beverage in all 48 states. The 
constitution was amended, and Prohibition was a ten-year reality. 

Before lhat final solution, many ~tates had put controls on 
Saturday night Specials, martinis, tom collins, etc., in the name of 
religion, morality, and crime prevention. 

"A Drunk is a Skunk," they used to say. 
But limited controls could not achieve the dry purity and 

"Morality" desired . So, after long term agitation, the teetotalers 
got the whole country wasted, and passed the Prohibition Act in 
the lull of the stupor. 

When booze was outlawed, only criminals and government 
officials could get it (and sell it). Illegal boozing and the support 
activities accounted for the largest part of the underground GNP. 

[t took a decade of law enforcement headaches to prove the 
reverse logic of, and the impossibility of enforcing Prohibition. 

How much proof will it take to show the opponents of the 
ownership and sale of guns their folly? 

To my knowledge, 1 have never seen or heard a gun controller 
justify his position in terms other than emotionalism and non-
sequitur statistics. 

The unanswered proposilion: When firearms are outlawed, only 
outlaws and government will have firearms. 

What defense does an individual victim have against an armed 
rapist or thief? Crossed legs ; a loud scream, or a hairpin? 

What defense does an unarmed Jewish community have against a 
squad of Nazi Storm Troopers? None but a prayer in a gas 
chamber. It happened like that, incidentally . 

Limited gu n sales will not limit crime. Firearms and bombs are 
fabricated today in prison shops and garages. Crimes are com-
milled by people, nol by guns or other weapons. 

Limited gun ownership will sim ply allow criminals the monopoly 
on underground armies and large caches of weapons. 

Prohibition and total gun control are out of the question, for 
they pull a dirty trick on law-abiding citizens and give criminals and 
government a weakened victim and an unenforceable law. 

- Are Prohibition-style and gun control laws unenforceable? Look 
at the case of marijuana. States are decriminalizing it because they 
can't enforce the laws against it, and .they admit that control of 
criminals is probably easier than control of the substance. 

The Prohibition era proved the resourcefulness of the criminal 
element, and some of the excesses-and abuses perpetrated in the 
cause of law enforcement. 

Do we need to see a nation of powerless victims of armed 
criminals; do we need to experience citizenship in an unchecked 
police state; before we see the necessity of the people's individual 
right to self defense? 

RICHARD STEVENS 

of facilities, equip~nt, sup-
plies and other expenses too 
numerous to list, which are 
necessary to maintain the 
program in a sound rlSCal 
manner. Of all nine UC 
Campuses\ UCSD has kept the 
most viaDle and respected 
parking program financially. 

4. Est8bllshmeat of Fees 

Parking fee structures are 
researched by Parking Servicos. 
A various assortment of 
financial plans are presented to 
and reviewed by the Parking 
Advisorv C:ommittl"l" Ihl"n 
forwarded to the Adminis-
tration with recommendations. 
The Administration then 
reviews the entire package plus 
recommendations and approves 
a plan. 

5. Parkina Fines 

The larsest majority of 
violations ISSUed on the campus 
are written under article 21113A 
of the California Vehicle Code 
and carries a fine of $4.00, aftet 
10 days (if unpaid) $8.00. Other 
violations cited by the campus 
police may have a different fine 
associated to them. 

6. Fine Forfeiture Money 

One half of all UCSD parking 
fines collected by the San Diego 
Munic~1 Court are returned to 
the UCSD Business Office and 
used for Transportation, i.e., 
San Diego TranSIt subsidy,coast 
cruiser, University Medical 
Center shuttle bus, carpooling, 
'etc . In short, alternatives to the 
one person per vehicle concept. 
The fine revenue kept by the 
city, goes into the County road 
bUIlding program. 

7. Enforcement 

All parking areas will be 
checked rigIdly for violations 
during the up-coming year. 

Thank you for your attention. 
I'm sure accuracy is hi~h on 
Triton Times list of prioritIes. 

BILL TA YL..OR 
OPERATIONS MANAGER 

PARKING SERVICES 

Calendar Corrections 
Dr. Robert Hamburger will 

speak on his discovery of an 
anti-allergen at 8 pm Thursday 
in the Revelle commons, not 
Monday} as reported. 

AdditIonally, EAR will meet 
tomorrow It 7 pm in the student 
organizations conference room. 

T·o Avoid Little TT s, Use Our Advertisers 
by Rick Rodewald 
Business Manager 

I'm sure that all of you 
shared my dismay when you 
saw your campus newspaper 
was a mere folded sheet on 
Friday. Sadly enough, four -
page papers may becom.e 
common if all of you don't lend 
a hand 10 support the Triton 
Times. Before ,I tell you how 
you can help, perhaps it would 
be best to give you a brief 
b.ackgr9\1nd on . t,he precarious 
fInanCIal POSItion of this 
newspaper. 

Contrary to popular belief, 

The Triton nm .. Is ...,.,.,1_ by the 
Communieiliont Bolld 01 UCSD I_ th\ 
oIllclal _tuden! __ pepar. Publlcilion 
I. an Mondaya, Wednftd., •• net FrtcIIy. 
durtng thl , ...... achool ,,~, (I.cept 
01\ ollleill hotIcIIy_l. Edltorlll and 
bulln .. _ ollk:l .... 10CI1Id In t17 Bllkl 
H .. I on ,he "_". Col. eem""l, 
Unlftrally 01 Cllllomil. Sen DIego, • 

ll"... to the illto, .net opinion 
columns ..... IcO","ct A" Mlbrnlulon. 
Ihould be \ypect on I 7"' .. .,. II .. on 
nonl,,,"bli ~. The, IIIoutcl nol 
..cHd ,hr.1 pag.. In IIIII/Ih doubl. 
Ipaclld_ Thl Triton nmH .... rws lhe 
rlghl to edll 11III",1 .. lonl bee ..... of 
spacillmltilionior Iype roqulrln_tl. 

For edllorl .. ; cell 452·3466; lor 
buslnH' and display lId .. rtls.",II1I" 
ull &52 • .3484. 

the actual printing of the Triton 
Times is not funded by the 
University. Our small salaries 
(average editQr's salary is $20 a 
week) are paid out of the 
registration fee , but all printing 
costs must be paid from a single 
source: display advertising. 
Since these costs amount to well 
over a $1000 a week, an 
equivalent amount of ad-
vertising must be obtained. 
Selling of these ads is no easy 
task, for our rates are high and 
we can hardly compete with 
newspapers like the Reader. 
Our only hope for financial 
stability rests on you, the 

readers of the Triton Times. 
We ' desperately need, 

therefore, readers who are 
willing to support the establish-
ments that advertise in your 
newspaper. I don't mean that 
you should run right out and 
drot> a few ~iIls on every ad-
vertlser. Bi;lt If you are planning 
on spendmg some money 
whether it's for a haircut of 
some . head shop supplies 
patroRlze our advertisers' and 
let. them . know that you saw 
their ad m the Triton Times . 
Usually they give discounts 10 
sludents -- sometimes their ads 
are coupons of some sort. 

The ' Triton .11 ntHI a Iiny IditoMI ctlrtoonilt to 
pro,WI co ... ntary on thl •• pagel 11,01"", c.I,.., 
I .. , nationll_ iIIf.rnationalIIIMI. 

WI .1 .... to pay front $5 to $7.50 a cartoo., on a 
... ltly .... 1., for .... orII. You _If be coniltillt, 
relltltlt and, if polllWe, .. perlenced ... ' .... Ie artl. 

Stop by with lome of YOIr wo,. and ... to John H. 
Taylor, Marlt Woelber or Cral. Uchida. 

• rlf.N. fin'S 
IBIl 

Dreaming 
Politics: James G. 50to 

Endurance 
America is confused and a little frightened and 

it is groping for myths to sustain it. President 
Ford has offered us one in dedicating the gigantic 
new FBI building on Pennsylvania Avenue -
commemorating, J. Edpr Hoover. The national 
is creatilll . another in the extraordinary 
rediscovery of Harry Truman -- "~ive 'em HeD 
Harry'" as James Whitmore-bas depicted bini 
simultaneous showing in 1.500 family movie 
theaters across the nation, held over in places. 
Surely this is a psychological sign that the nation 
is yearning for some kind of moral support or 
leadership. I 

Let's consider the two men. 
The J. Edg.ar Hoover Building is the largest, 

most expensIve and maybe the ugliest in 
Washington .and you can't miss it between White 
House and Capitol. It was supposed to cost $60 
million; cost $ 126 miDion; and its architecture is 
people-repellant. It honors the memory of "a 
pioneering public servant," president Ford 
explained; under his direction the FBI became 
"the superior professional organization it is 
today ... with the best scientific crime detection 
facilities to serve the federal government and the 
American people. " 

Hoover, of course, is the man of whom The 
New York Times editorially said in March that 
he "tried to destroy Dr. (Martin Luther) King's 
reputation and his marriage." Offended by some 
of King's views, Hoover sent anonymous 
material to Mrs. King. It wasn't the first time' 
the FBI's Operation Cointelpro (Coun: 
terintelligence Program) was Set up specifically 
to confuse and harass dissident groups using 
dirty tricks. The FBI sent a spurious, threatening 
letter in 1969 to a black Baptist minister, Donald 
W. Jackson, to compel him to quit his civil rights 
work in Mississippi and return north. Hoover 
had private files on prominent people; "that 
fellow was a master blackmailer; he had a file on 
everybody," former FBI assistant director 
William Sullivan said. , 

On the other hand, J. Edgar Hoover was a 
money-honest, dedicated bureaucrat, who in-
spired morale and elan in his beloved 
organization, which became a symbol of law and 
order for millions of anxious Americans. In fact 
in many ways, the FBI is a splendid organizatio~ 
-- so long as it is kept in control. But the man to 
whom the huge building is dedicated was not 
kept under. cont~ol; presidents feared hifIl; he 
became an Impenal figure. Asking for ' lOOO ad-
ditional agents in 1970, he told a stanled 
committee of an alleged plot by "Catholic priests 
and nuns" to "blow up underground electric 

c~nduits," to disrupt the government, and to 
kIdnap "a highly placed government official" -
Henry Kissinger. This was the charge against 
Phi lip and Daniel Berrigan and others the 
" H . b Se ' arTls urg ven" The case, of course, didn't 
stand up. 

Public figures become legends after they die 
and .the myth is more important than the man . 
PreSIdent Ford lends his prestige to the Hoover 
myth, the symbol of law and order, the in-

corrupti~le. cop, the protector against creepy-
crawly diSSIdents from our community of shared 
value.s . It will' be interesting to see if the re-
sa!'ctlfied J. Edgar Hoover icon can stiD do 
miracles. 

So turn to a happier figure, Harry Truman. 
Can anybody doubt that his sudden revival is a 
deep-seated folk yearning for courage, honesty 
and direction? Harry Truman was a spunky little 
cuss, a fox-terrier of a man, who deserves to be 
remembered with affection and who might well 
inspire a great nation in time of gloom. 

I was along on that famous "nonpolitical" 
whistle-stop trip that started out in June, 1948, in 
a 17-car special with a presidential parlor car in 
back that, under the paint, still showed the name 
"Ferdinand Magellan." That was the year, you 
recall, when the press was 75 percent Republican, 
when Walter Winchell broadcast that the official 
betting odds were 15-to-1 against Harry Truman. 
That w;l-S the year that Governor Dewey picked 
his cabinet in advance and lapsed into banalilies. 
That was the year when the Saturday Evening 
Post led with a preelection story by 10seph and 
Stewart Alsop, "What Kind of a President will 
Dewey Make?" 

Press and politicians - we all lived, slept and 
worked in the same traveling circus. Truman 
made 16 speeches a day. Theoretically, he was 
traveling to California to receive an honorary 
degree . The press relished him although we all 
knew that he was doomed. Nobody threatened 
his life; why should they? All the way West his 
vernacular got thicker, his folksiness greater, as 
he told about Grandpa's covered wagon to 
Oregon, and produced an appropriate relative in 
every area he spoke . To a storm of Republican ' 
counter-attacks he exclaimed at Pocatello, 
Idaho, "They can't prove nothing; they ain't got 
a thing on me!" At Davis, California he ex-
plained to a crowd that he was going down to 
Berkeley "fur to git me a degree. " 

In those happier days, when the press threw 
off ~opy from stop to stop, writing the final 
penCiled word on yellow telegraph sheets against 
the hot side of a dusty Pullman, and shouting 
"Postal," or "Western!" as the train began to 
move, a topical song always arose spontaneously 
from the press car. It was columnist Tom Stokes 
1 believe, who saw the inner poetic relevance of 
Truman's two historic comments and produced 
what I shall always regard as the finest natural 
couplet in political balladry. The tune was "Oh 
Susannah" and its growth traced. Truman across 
America . Sample: 

"Oh, Grandpaw went to Oregon, the dough 
was on his knee , 

Gran~paw went to Oregon, the West Coast 
fur to see." 

"He got himself a partner in Cal-i-for-ni-ay, 
They bought up Sacramento on a lovely 

summer day." 
Chorus: (roared out) 

ConUnued on 8 

Elections get longer and longer every year. Recent ones have 
taken on the appearance of Broadway mUSIcals that have played in 
New York for over 800 performances and then hit the road for an 
extended tour. 

If elections were held only once every five or six years maybe the 
voter could toler~te the long-winded air bags as they heat up the 
cou.ntry for: a vanety of reasons and a duplicity of purposes. But 
major electiOns of one sort or an.ot~er are held eyery year and the 
ef)d result of the cons.tant campaIgmng and multiple elections is a 
bIt of electoral confUSIon. . 

In S.an Diego, though many people are not aware of it we are in 
the midst of a. somewh.at i~portant municipal election. Thou~h ~ay<?r Pete Wllso!' ~lly dIsposed of challenger Lee Hubbard m 
hiS bId for re-election m the September primary, four city council 
seats are up for grabs as well as a number of school board positions 
and some referendu.ms on issues of great local importance. 
However, the campal&!!s_fQr_the ~ariolls ~ty council and school 

---

John Tunnl" inc •• bent junior Senator 
board seats h~ve been pushed to page 64 by two campaigns of 
unusuallongevlly. 

Can of Worms 
The first campaign is the presidential nomination sweepstakes. 

Congressmen Bentson, Jilckso~ and Udall took it UDOn themselves 
t? qUickly declare their mtenlIons about Mr. Ford'sjob after the 
fIasco of the 1974 generaJ election 8J.1d thus prematurely opened the 
can of w?rms ~nowl'! m some Circles as presidential politics, 
Although It wasn t until the 1974 campaign was officially over that 
these vulnerable statesmen officially premiered theIr act on 
Broadway, these. Democratic showmen took their campaigns on the 
road to have their act perfected long before the 1974 campaign had 
even begun to heat up. 
. Citizens Wallace! Bentson and Jackson have been on the road 

since 1972 searchmg for backers to pad their electioneering 
b~nkrol.ls . Some pundits co~ld claim, without fear of being 
mlsleadmg, that ~h~ 1976 pres .. dential campaign began even before 
the 1972 DemocratIc conventIOn had been gaveled to order, as it 
became appare!1t that ~cGovern would WID the nomination but 
lose overwhelmmgly to NIxon in the general election. 

Continued on Page 7 

~ - WI pi" oIoIi ",~~ls J 
Jeans & Sportswear 

~ 
f 

-Ocean Pacific 
"Love • N sluff 
"Dittos 

P 161 S. Hwy 101 SolanaBeach ~ ~j weekdays 10:00-6;00 'I Solurday 9:30-6:00 fI>.. ~f"'III • ~fth. 4ftfl>... 4ft ~ 

V .... bnuity of {!afifotl1ia, .aa.n :Dil!.go 
{!a.mpuJ- g:Jtog'l.a.m !i3oa.'ld 

p tl!.J-l!.nt J-

FRidAY NiGItT Flick 
(Ic1Ucllllf? 

wi Diahann Carrol and James Earl Jones 
7:30 and 10 pm USB 2722 $1 

SATIJRdAY FilM 
III~ l1c1rcif?r 

11I~l' (f)rn~ 
wi Jimmy Cliff 

7:30 and 10 USB 2722 

, , 



...... 
• rlf ... , fl DJ(~ w~ .... " October I, 19'75 

'No Go I - Bookmgn LiMandri commented that it 
was his poliCY to answer all 
Triton Times inquiries with a 
"No comment." Wip~ . , 

With 
This by Charles Heimler 

So. what do you think about some chickens? 
Yea. ya know. Eggs. Cockadoodledoo. Chickens. 
Eat 'em for Thanksgiving. 
Eggs every mEnning. Fresh eggs. 
Imafine that. 3 dogs and chickens. 
Let em run loose? They wouldn't last. 
NO no. Put 'em in cages, pens ... 
Coops. 
Right. A coop. 
And 2 cats. They're flying in end of the week. 
Wow. Now that might make it unfeasible. 
Cats eat eggs. 
Dogs too sometimes. . . 
Continual barrage of fleas biting my ankles . Soon Itches m the 
middle ofthe back . Even on the tip of the nose. 
Gary guess what that is. Joe points to an apple juice jar (empty 
appearmg) on the floor beside the bed. Gary can look at the bo~tle. 
At this time that 's an accomplishment. Joe reache~ do~ a!ld picks 
up the jar to eye level. This babe on the radiO spmmng new 
Weisber~. Fleas. 
It' s a flea cemeterv. . 
Joe swishes the liquid back and forth & a~ound m the bottom of 
the jar. Now can see these black specks floating around. 
It's acetone. 
Gary's jaw drops. How do they get in there? . 
Joe raises his eyebrows. 1 put them !n there. Sets the Jar o.n the table 
beside his fuzz box clock-radio bUilt one afternoon. I Sit here and 
time how long they take to die. The record is 23 seconds. 
Tell a story somebody says. 

This is it: HITCHHIKING 
fun easy deadly 

-SDPD publication 

(picture of a police 
woman dres ed as a 
hippie w/ levis and 
a hangten shirt and 
ah vest with her 
thumb oul. She is s-
urrounded by the 
words . 

One woman picked me up last month . S~e had a little kid and 
believed in bringing up children democratIcally. In . fact! s~e was 
taking a course through the Parents-Teacher (PTA) In bnngmg up 
children democratically. So ~hen her kid s~arted to. bawl she pulled 
to the side of the road and tned to reason With the kId : . 

"Shauna we're not going to drive again until you stop crymg. 
Now come on. Shauna, be a good girl. See the nice man . See this. 
Feel this." 

Rubs the kid's hand through my beard. . 
"Nice, nice Shauna. Don't you want to go agam?" 
All the kid did was keep bawli!1g and .then wanted her moth~r ~o 

hold her in her lap and kept bawling until the mother held the kId In 
her lap. 
"Throw the kid out the window," I suggested. 

co Are you kidding?" asked the astounded mother. 
"No throw her out the window. Then we'll make a U-turn u.p at 

this co;ner and drive back. The kid will think she's been forgiven 
and waddle over to meet us in the car as we drive back." 

"That's a good idea," said the mother. "But is it democratic?" 
"Fuck yes," I said. . 
"OK," said the mother. So she grabbed t.he kid who stqpped 

crying because she thought her mother was gomg to hold her 10 her 
lap. The kid was too startled to cry when her mother threw her out 
the window on the driver's side of the car and she landed on her 
head. 

"There she's out," said the mother. 
"Fine, ~ow step on it." , 
It was suprising how fast that Toyota could take of,f. We must ve 

got down the block and whipped around the U-tl;1rn In less than 15 
seconds . Just as we came out of the U-turn the kid got back.on her 
feet and recognized that her mommy in the car was returmng for 
her. The kid stopped crying and began to laugh. 

"Oh isn't that cute" said the mother as we '1pproached the 
child ~ho stood before the car beginning to slow down. 

"S'hit, no" I screamed and jammed my fC?ot over t~e hump and 
down on the accelerator. As the car smashed mto the kid I could see 
the surprised look on her face s;aused by the sudden turn of events. 
The mother screamed in a shtiek of blood as the radiO 'played an 
Alpha Beta market commercial. It was a Los Angeles station . _ 

The next day I cut my peard and pulled out.a few eyeb.row. hairs 
and added some make-lip. The o nly drawback IS .the braSSIere Itc~es 
from time to time and ')anty-hose to I1t my legs IS hard to fmd . I m 
always between sizes. But they have yet to find me. 

I 

Men&Women 
Supero Cuts Elegont styling 

Le! 'he British loke care of You 

566·7530 
open evenings 
A150. 
Fine Anl iques & Jewelry 

Norlh Gole Plaza 
8660 Mlromor Rd. 
SUlle "E" 

'Coop OKs 
StudCen 

Board 
byRaD Anbar 
Starr Writer 

The proposal for the Student 
Center Board of Authority 
(BOA) was adopted by the 
Student Cooperative in last 
Monday's meeting. 

The proposal was passed with 
no changes, even after Mark 
Bookman, pre~nt directo:- of 
the student center, noted "As it 
is proposed there will be no 
board of Authority." 

Bookman stated that 
Vice-Chancellor of Student 
Affairs George Murphy would 
not accept the BOA proposal 
for several reasons, one of 
which being the monetary 
appropriations requested. 
According to Bookman, 
Murphy will hesitate to ap-
propriate money to this student 
organization as this h~ n~t 
been the customary practice m 
other cases. 
Students Must Make Decisions 

Marco LiMandri, State 
External Affairs Co-
Coordinator, explained the 
reasons for the proposal. 
"They've (the students) got to 
start demanding that they make 
decisions ... They have to decide 
whether they want to make 
decisions which affect their lives 
or just advise the ad-
ministration," he said. 

The Board of Authority, as 
proposed, will have six "tudent 
members, with one from each 
college, one from the Coop, and 
the remaining member a 
graduate student from either the 
Graduate Student Council or 
the Graduate Student Union . 
Administrators as Consultants 

Administrative members of 
the BOA will act in an advisory 
capacity and as consultants only 
to the proposed BOA. 

Some of the proposed 
decisions which could be made 
by the BOA are decisions 
concerning use of the Student 
Center facilities, decisions 
concerning EDNA, setting up a 
board of student grievances. 

Cookie Mahoney, another 
BOA advocate, also suggested 
that students selected to the 
BOA should be screened by a 
committee. A student present at 
the meeting pointed out that 
this act will take the power away 
from the individual college 
councils who now choose the 
representatives for the Student 
Center Advisory Council. 

Mahoney replied, "Each 
college can send its own 
representatives. We just want 
consistency.' , 

The motion to approve the 
proposal was passed with 26 

.... FI .......... 
for, 5 against and 3 abste!lt!ons. 
This did not reflect all opmJOns, 
as 55 students were present -at 
the meeting. 

BRG Proposal Approved 
The Budget Resources Group 

represented its proposal for 
expanded Coop approval 
powers of BRG recom-
mendations. The proposal, 
which was discussed a week 
before and was detailed on a 
handout which was available 
throughout the week, was 
passed unanimously. 

During the announcement 
section of the meeting Marco 

THE GREEK TREASURE 
A Biographical Novel 
of Henry and Sophia 

Schllemann 
By Irving Stone 

Doubleday, $10.95 
479pp. 

If Irving Stone didn' t choose 
such interesting subjects for his 
books, it would be small 
temptation to read them. The 
biographical novel, his chosen 
form (and a disaster in almost 
anyone's hands), can succeed 
only with imaginative. di~ogu~, 
and Stone cannot wnte It. HIS 
characters -- Van Gogh, 
Michelangelo, Freud and now 
Henry Schliemann -- babbly on 
in mechanical. melodramatic 
sentences that all begin to sound 
alike, whatever the century or 

VG 

He refused to elaborate. 
Montgomel}' Reed reported 

that the Pubhcity/Propaganda 
Committee has adopted the 
same golicy. 

Steve Lopez was asked why a 
Triton Times reporter was 
removed from the Steering 
Committee meetin, last 
Wednesday. He said 'It was 
felt that the Triton Times 
tended to ... come out against 
the Coo~ even before the first 
'meeting. ' 

It was decided, Lopez 
continued, that it was not a 
good policy to allow the Triton 
Times to distort Coop agenda 
before the actual meeting took 
place. 

Chai~rson Scott Thayer 
wanted Lopez to comment on 
how 99.7 percent of the students 
on the UCSD campus were 
supposed to know about what 
occured j.n Coop related 
meetings if not through the 
Triton Tim~. 

He was asked by Steve 
Switala to save the discussion 
for new b~ines~. 

When that issue came up, 
however, discussion was tabled, 
and so it will be scheduled as the 
first item under next week's old 
business. 

setting. Were these people alive 
to read the words Stone has put 
into their mouths, they would 
no doubt shudder. 

Luckily for Henry and 
Sophia Schliemann, we already 
know that they were one of 
history's most impressive 
couples. Through their ex-
cavations in Turkey and Greece, 
they proved the existence of 
Troy and the Mycenean tombs 
of Agamemnon, previously 
considered purely fictional. 

Henry, an insatiable student 
of Homer who financed his 
digging from a trading fortune, 
reconstructed the geography 
and treasures of the cities from 
the mad and the Odyssey and 
there unearthed the greatest 
cache of gold artifacts ever 

Continued OD Page 8 

TIIAT VERY Good DONUT 
-~~-

SAYS HEllo 
To All oLd TiMERS 

ANd WELCOME 
To All TItE NEW 

MAyCod GRANT All of you A fiNE YEAR@ 
P .S ... "" yeu.Il eMit;" we leu ~ 
cluucqed _ Lob adcedale .. ® 
Ike ei ........... wi! M eca1 <20 
6g IOP.It(. 

1 06 ABERDEEN DR. CARDIFF 

... ,... " 

. ' } 
... .. l~ 
.. ~ 

Wed.Ida" Octoberl,l9'75 .rlf ... 'fl~ P.flve 
At the Sports Arena 

Sunshines, Crusaders, Graham Central 
Leon Redbone Disc is 
Just Good Fun Music 

By Steve Esmedina 
Seventies soul music can be 

categorized into a neat 
dichotomy of formulas : 
crooners and funkers. Put in 
generic terms this translates as 
easy listening and top 40. The 
first group includes the custom-
tailored vocalists like Blue 
Magic and The Spinners. The 
second group includes the loud, 
churling diSCO demons like 
Earth, Wind and Fire, The Isley 
Brothers and Average White 
Band. The first group em-
phasizes melodic and harmonic 
precision. The second group is 
rhythmically insistent. The first 
group is imprisoned by its own 
formula, and never tampers 
with it. The second group, 
while also adhering to a for-
mula, manages to invert and 
renovate when least expected. 

Among the new disco-
funkers, KC and The Sunshine 
Band is certainly the brightest, 
tightest, and most invigorating. 
Until their hit "Get Down 
Tonight" they functioned 
primarily as (he house band at 
T.K. Records, writing and 
producing records for people 
like George and Gwen McCrae. 
With continued exposure it 
should be only a short time 
before , they are as "big" as 
EW&F. They were the anchor 
act last week at the SporJs 
Arena, playing under the 
pleasant, but slightly tepid 
Cru aders, and the thoroughly 
wretc hed Graham Central 
Station. 

During their closing pieces, the 
frenzied "That's The Way 1 
Like It" and the expected "Get 
Down Tonight," the band hit 
moments of musical and 
emotional ecstasy that would 
exit stage left as they danced off 
stage and never return for the 
rest ofthe evening. 

The Crusaders were good, 
but this time around, their 
patented mixture of jazz and 
soul seemed too constricting. 
They weren't enough of either. 
Their funk was too delicate, and 
the excellent improvisatlonal 
skills of pianist Joe Sample and 
trombomst Wayn~ Henderson 

were barely in evidence. Their 
set, like The Sunshine Band's, 
was pitifully brief. 

No set could· be brief enough 
from Graham Central Station. 
This bottom-heavy behemoth 
is, like Rufus, Funkadelic, and 
The Ohio Players, a fifth-rate 
heavy metal soul band. Leader . 
Larry Graham has trouble 
deciding if he is the righteous 
successor to Reverend Ike or the 

. Jimmy Page of black bassists. 
This garbage group ins~res the 
obvious . puns. Let s · see, 
now ... Black Cheer? No, how 
about the REAL Black Sab-
bath? 

by Daniel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

ON THE TRACK - LEON 
REDBONE. Warner Bros. 
Records 

At first it seems like an old 
movie with a Victrola recording 
of a megaphoned singer and 
muted brass. But what it is is the 
most unique and one of the best 
recordings of the year. Leon 
Redbone is a somewhat 
mysterious figure (even the 
Warner Bros. Press Department 
doesn't say much about him) 
who sings and plays the guitar -
but never on anything written 
after 1940. 

-n photo: Paul Jarvis 
In their quick-sprint set, The 

Sunshine Band maintained a 
feveris h intensity that never 
tapered off, despite the initial 
lukewarm recel?tion from the 
audience. Their material was 
terse, tautly arranged, and filled 
with high tension hook lines and 
choruses . The instrumentalists 
were far more agile than is 
usually expected from this sort 
of dancing machine. The 
quanet of horns were honed 
and stitched in their unison 
passages and loose and lyrical 
during their brief contrapuntal 
pa sages . Their choreographed 
"steps" ·added extra verve and 
seemed as casual and spirited as 
the run of Soul choreography 
seems staid and deliberate. 

Hubbard:from Exhaustion to Exhileration 
by Steve Eunedlna 

Freddie Hubbard is an erratic musician. He 
has won many awards, and is considered by 

- some to be the "greatest trumpet player in the 
world." On an abstract talent meter, Hubbard 
easily qualifies as a great trumpet player. But he 
tires as much as he exhilerates, and his . 
brilliance often wanders into gimmickry. His 
Sunday night concert at the gym was ample 
evidence that, aside from the concept of 
"talent," Hubbard lacks the requisite di scipline 
of a consistently great artist. 

comfortable in every register. His tone, for the 
most part was sweet, pure, and mellifluou s. 
During a beautifully austere rendition of 
"Betcha By-oolly Wow," Hubbard displayed 
full control of his instrument; modulating his 
range discreetly, and breaking the melody into 
light, airy fragments. 

Unfortunately, Hubbard's determination to 
prove his "greatness" got the worst of him . 
During most of his showcase numbers, such as 
"Put It In The Pocket," his solos climaxed 
almost immediately. He would hit a thun-

Throughout the two sets. Hubbard was Cootinued 00 Page 8 • 

(0'17£1 2,000 Coat.cb ~J;apin9 &xpnunu. 
in {latif, cHawall, c!lluh.a.{laj 

check our new lines for 

Fall & Winter Blacks! 
Shaped Blanks $40.00 Finished Boards $107.00 

270-1535 morn & eve 459-6737 eve & weekd.ays day 272-8273 

, 

83349500_000 
UuelailUed 
Seholarships 
Over $33,500,000 unclaimed scholarships, grants, aids, and 
fell owships ranging from $50 to $10,000. Surrent list of 
these sources researched and compiled as of Sept. 15. 1975 . 
UNCLAIMED SCHOLARSHPS 
11275 Mmachusetts Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90025 
o I am enclosing $9".95 plus $1 .00 for postage and handling. 

~-----------------------I PLEASE RilsH YOUR CURRENT LIST OF I UNCLAItED SCHOLARSHPS SOURCES TO: I Name __________________ ~ ____________ _ 
I Address ________________ _ 
I C· I ' I Ity State Zip ___ ' l (California residents pie •• add 8".1as tax.) .1 

~--~~~~~.-~~~---------~~ 

New Group to Boost 
Performing Arts 

A new performing art s 
organization has been formed in 
San Diego to present major 
touring attractions in the 
coming seasons. .... 

A nonprofit corporation, it 
has been named the Performing 
Arts Society of San Diego, Inc. 

It will present recitals) baIlet, 
drama and other perrorming 
arts attractions to San Diego 
audiences. Membership in the 
organization will be solicited 
community-wide. Members will 
have an active role in promotion 
and volunteer support of 
Society activities. 

Work will begin immediately 
in the organization of the 
membership activities and in the 
development of plans for the 
coming seasons, according to 
the directors. . 

Plans are being made to 
present a series of attractions in 
the Civic · Theater, or other 
central facilities in the city, as 
well ·as an intimate series in 
Sherwood Hall at the La lolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art. 

" The activities of the 
membership organization and a 
new emphasis on quality of the 
artists should result in an ex-
citing and successful series," 
said Frank Cadenhead, a 

dir~tor of the new group. 
"All of San Diego is invited 

to participate in the formation 
and success of this effort, both 
through contributed support 
and membership activities," 
said Cadenhead. "The extent 
of the response will directly 
determine the extent of the 
programs in future seasons." 

Shampoo, Cut, & Blow 
Women $12.50 . 

Men $8.50 
creative hair design 
1130 0 Camino Del Mar 

Del Mar 755-2562 
15% Discount with Student 10 

"On the Track" contains 
so ngs written by Jimmie 
Rodgers, Irving Berlin, Hoagy 
Charmichael, Fats Waller and 
others . Its Imer notes contain 
"a very special thanks to the 
late Jelly Roll Morton and the 
late Jimmy Rodgers for their 
music." And, its instrumental 
accompaniment includes such 
musicians as Don McLean and 
"Downbeat" poll winning 
trombonist Garnett Brown. 

But the emphasis remains on 
Leon Redbone and his music. In 
fact, Redbone was recorded 
alone at first and then the other 
musicians were added, filling 
the rest of the 32 tracks. The 
best of the album is a springy 
number by lrvin~ Berlin, "My 
Walking Stick,' which con-
tains, in addition to the .sreat 
Berlin touch, a good bit of 
muscianship by Brown, Joe 
Venutti on viohn and Jonathon 
Dorn on tuba. Almost equally 
good is (surprise!) "Polly Wolly 
Doodly." Not even a half-step 
behind these two comes the rest 
oflhe album. 

Novelty is orten fun, and it 
does well commercially, but 
"On the Track" is more than just novelty. It is good old-
fashioned fun music. 

STRATOSONlC NUANCES -
BLUE MITCHELL. RCA 
Records. 

An album that contains songs 
by Barry White, Stevie Wonder, 
and Thelonius Monk almost has 
to be good. That is true of 
"Stratosonic Nuances" even 
though those composers 
probably would not recognize 
their own songs. There are a few 
ri ffs of the original thematic 
material , played by the horn 
section, but most of the record 
is just plain old jazz im-
provisation. 

Well , not really old, since 
most of the record is electronic, 
synthesizers, electric pianos, 
guitars and the rest, but it is jazz 
that does not fi t the title of jazz-
rock. 

Blue Mitchell is a fine 
trumpet player. His tone is clear 
and precise. His rhythm is 
acceptable. And , his im-
prOVising is flawless, a quality 
the album capitalizes on . If 
there is a major criticism of the 
album , it is that it does not use 
Mitchell 's ability enough, but 
the fine backup personne that 
features Hamj)ton Hawes and 
Oarence McDonald seems to 
pick up where Mitchell leaves 
off. 

Most of "Stratosonic 
Nuances" is mellow listening 
inspite of the heavy bass beal. It 
is ·a fine showcase for Mitchell's 
talents, and an even better 
showcase . for his unselfish 
arranging. 

IGNIS FATUUS rTHE SHOW] 
- GUY FINLEt' . Tom Cllt 
Records. 

Guy Finley is a reasonably 
talented man. He has a 
beautiful voice, he writes both 
music and lyrics and he {'lays 
the piano. Admittedly his IS no 
Sinatra, Lennon and 
McCartney or Jarret, but there 
has been worse. 

Finley's voice is deep and 
full, nicely suited to the music 
he writes for himself. It reminds 
you a little of Johnny Mathis, 
only smoother. 

But many singer with good 
voices have never made it; 
something else is needed. In this 
case it is the music, music that 
fits the voice a well as a sub-
strate molecule fit an enzyme. 
The music is rather like a 
ballad, but the instrumentation 
(by Perry Botkin lr.) adds a 
deeper quality to it, that it is 
not thought of a a ballad. 

The lyric, too, are very 
good. In contra t to many song 
In which the word are not 
important or the oppo ite 
extreme where th .. I",, '(,;rt " .. tn~ 
thinking he i e.e. cummIng 
and take a dive off the deep 
end, Finley's lyric are imple, 
yet they con tam a me sage. The 
album tan off with the 
question "Who am 11" and 
end by saying "But if love 
know ... It will how." 

onttnucd on Pag 6 

, , J 



..... .rli.,n ilJll('S' 

RiTON ClAssifiEds 
aae!fIedI should ettber be printed or typed on a 3" • .5"card 

(.vtilable in Triton Times olflce). 'lbey may be submitted 
lIlytiine between It tnd noon and 1 and 4 p.m. ., 

The following rates are for 100 spaces - If you use more 
~cea, the rate wiD double. (100 spaces- .-.i 101 to 110- .5Ot). 

Personals - ,1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads: students - .-. 

nonstudents - ,1 
Deadlines: 5 pm Friday for MondaYi 5 pm Monday for 

WednesdaYi 5 pm Wednesday for Friday. 
Announcements: free. All announcements wiD run in the 

Monday calendar. Deadline for calendar: 5 pm Friday. 
I (All additions or corrections to listings in the Schedule of 
Classes for regular University courses will be charged $1.) 

WANTEd 
Need •• tra cash? Paying top dollar for your . 
U.S. Silver coins minted before 1965. Ken 
~3·792~. {I 1/ 26) 
ALCOA now hiring. Orders Dept. 20 hr. 
s/wk. $8O/wk. Call 282·2402. (10/10) 
Rodin's Calculus book contact Wendy in n 
oHlce (I 018 ) 
Field Hockey Team looking for more 9lfls 
to ploy on team. Practice 3·5 Man thru Fri. 
Contact PE Office (lO/B) 

hOlJsiNG 
Female roommate wonted to shore Ig 4 BR 
home in Univ. City with 3 of us. No tobocco 
smokers, please. $97.5OImo. Imm. occ. 
Call Chris, Bob, or Sue at ~2· 1132 or Bob 
at ~53.75OO • 3723. (I 0/ 8) 
Wonted: mole roommate to share 1 BR apt. 
In PBS87.SO/ mo. 488-6710 eves. (lo/e) 
2 Roams available In Beach house in 0..1 
Mar. Femotes only. For Oct. lB $135 per 
room. Call Jon 755-7269 (lO/B) 
Beautiful. furnished ocean front Condo to 
split in Del Mar. On the UCSO bus roule. 
Only$135. Tel 755-5884 (lOIS) 
Need roommate snore 3 bdr. nouse in 
Genesee Highlands $90 per ma & util ities. 
Coli Jay ~:J..7S70. (10/ 10) 

live at the BEACH where it's cool and 
quiet. 19 2 BR furn. opt. overlooking 
Moonlite Beach in Encinitas. Ideal for 3 

Slude~ts . $75per mo. each. Coast Cruiser 
Service . •• , Fourth St. Encinitas or coIl 223-
9B66 (IO/IO) 
2 Grads need 1 roommate for house in La 
Jolla. Penchant for Music and fine food a 
must. $125. ~S9-62&4 (l018) 
Roommate. Upper classmon. Cleon big 
house. Ocean View on Moonlight Beach 
$110 month . 753-5723219 4th St. 
Room, privote bath, pvt. entrance. Male 
graduate or faculty. Quiet. Breakfast priv. 
$95. mo. 459-9460 (lOIS) 
F wonts own room in opt/ condo w/ F. La 
Jolla or South. No pets. Rent flexible. Tel 
Nancy 225-8361 . 2'/9·9082 (lO/B) 

• SERVICES 
Tune ups, brakes minor repair, all chonge. 
etc. Mike 488-0873 (l0l22) 
Men·Women jabs on Shlpsl American· 
Foreign . No experience req. Excellent pay 
. Travel. Summer joblcoreer $3 for info. 
Seofox Dept. B·6, Box ~9 Part Angeles, 
Wash. 98362 (l0/ 10) 
HUT!' LESSONS . Classical instruction by 
experienced flutist ~ beginners as well as 
advanced students welcome. Oevelop 
tone, technique, & musical interpretation . 
Coil leonard Fenton at ~52·9208. {I 0/20 ) 

You can do It, too. So rur almost 1.000.0()() !",opl" have done It. 
People whO} have dlrrerent Job,. dlrrerent IQ •. dillerent tntcrc<t,. 
dillerem educaltons have compleLed the cou rse. Our graduates are 
people rrom all walks or lire. These people have ull tak n a course 
developed by Evelyn Wood. a prominent ed ucator Practically all or 
them at leuBt tripled their reading speed with l'qua l or better com· 
prehenSIOn Most have increased It even more 

Think rqr a moment what that means. All uf them-pvcn the 
slowesl nbw read an average novel in les8 than two hours. They 
read an 'n~re tssueof Time or Newsweek III 35Imnute •. They don't 
skip or ,"I". They read every word They use no tnllchines. lnstead, 
they lel th material they're reading determllle how rast they read . 

Spend Ie. and be ~er dreoled. ladles 
ready to wee. BJ's Rnal • . 243 N. Hwy 101 
Solanohach. 75~(10I13) 
Are you adopted? Seeking noIurol 
por.nts? 232-6510 or P.O. 33212 SO 92103. 
(I 0131 ) 
Pwrsanallzed ChrlstmCl$ Cords: A wide 
vorlety from .ery contemporary to v.ry 
traditional. Order early and 10 ... 15%. Call 
and save both money & footwork. ~3-0387. (lOIS) 

fOR SAlE 
1960 FOfd Falcon. Goad commuter car 

Querida Roberta: o-ndot. carlho y 
f.llcidad hoy y ".m pre. Slempre tuyo AC 
Sparkpluo, ah yeo they say you',. not 
oe"ing older. you',. gelling belt .. - prove 
ill Yolo. Olga Ydebops·F.liz Cumpieo ..... 
(lOll) 
MisMd: Dov. 
Alios no Soot 
Brn hair O'n eyes 
moy be armed (2) (lOlB) 

lOST • fOlJNd 
SlSO. Call ~3·5-460doy or •• enlngs (IO/B) last: Calculator. its a Comador. lost last 

Thurs. I(s in a smoll brown co ... Plea ... You know they're a hit, If they'll only fit. call Don~52-0715 {I 018) 
Hansen Inti Ski Boots. barely used. Shell 
si.e9·11 Ron 452·1879 (lO/IO) lost. Biology IC Te.tboak and very im· 

portont . left on curb LJ Shores Dr. & TP Dewey Weber 6'6 Surfboard. tn excellent Rood. 10.3~36-1032 (lOIS) 
condition, no dings, and has moveable 
skag. Round Toll, Ron~52·1S79 . (lO/10) lost: Meth. Math Physics. Vol I. In Hl 1148 
For sale: Double mottr ... and springs $20 or? Neoid bodly, reword? (1018) 
or 1. Call Aaron ~""7482 or 273-0600 Paul Magness, your checkbook hal been 
(l0/8) turned In to the Triton Times office. (IO/8) 
Fat Sol.: 34 gall on aquarium and top. 14.11 last (sic) _ To the AH who "Found" my . Ilco 
glOSS. Asking $35. Call Aaron. 454-7-482 or black pump with the campy.tip . call 454-
273-0600 (10/8) 9207 _ Feel guilty??? (l0/ 8 ) 
Sony Stero AM FM receiver turntable. 
Speakers. Perfect condition. Cost $500, 
askin\! $375. ph Ted ~2-0668 (lOIS) 

lo.t: On Rev . . Mens wedding bond, size 
eight and one fourth . Please give to 
Compus police (10/ 8 ) 

2 Tennis Rqts . Dunlop Australs. Wood. New lost: Girls closs ring nome inside. Sen. 
str ings Sl5 each 1 Gut 35 mm Yoshico $40 timental value. Please return to Kim F52 T 
Camera. 4Bl-OI85. (IO/B) IOG.A. (l0l8) 
2 large Sensu 5peakers 12" ",oaf. 2 mid, 2- lost: Jade and gold pierced earring, 
Twt Gorgeous cob. Cost $.400. Ask ing $200 Sunday (10-5). Sentimental value. Rewordl 
pro ~53·5298 (10/S) Steph 453-6913 
Soiling Closs: Must sell Aquatics Center 
Int'md soi li ng space. ~ wk closs storts Oct. 
21 & meets T & Th. 2:30·5:30 or use next qtr. $15 (orig. pr ice) or best aHer. Call Debbie 
755·8850 (10/ B) 

Relng exee Ilent condition. Why rent when 
you con own your own? Great for Dorm 
U5e. Steve 453-6ASoI (l0/ 8 ) 
6'10" Sunset board. Exe. cando Also brand 
new K2 Skis. 195cm both just $60.00. Call 
early Robert V:J..3448 (lOIS) 

Found: Turquoise necklace near Revelle 
Dorms. InQuire at 2116-7671. Robin. Must 
Identify (I O/ B) 

TRAVEl 
'ssw Travel Office . on campus charter 
flights. Inter. Student 10, etc. UCSD 
International Center. 452.0630, 110m to ~ 
pm. Man., Wed., Fri. only (lOIS) 

It 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ 

JAWS IN 41 MINUTES 

AI Thai Speed, The 309 Plgtl Coml Across 
With More Impact ThIn The Movll. 

In Living Blood, You Might Say. 

A"d mark this well : they actually understand more, remember 
mo;e, and enjoy more than when they read slowly. That's right! 
They understand more. They remember more. They enjoy more. 
You can do the same thing- the place to learn more aboul it is at a 
rree speed reading lesson. 

This is the same course President Kennedy had hi. Joint Chiefs of 
talr La ke. The sa me one Senators and Congressmen have taken. 
Come to a free Speed Readin~ Lcs""n and find out. It i. rree to 

you and you WIll leave with 8 betLer understanding orwhy it work •. 
Plan Lo attend 8 free 'peed Readin~ Lesson and learn ;.hat it i. 
possible to read 3·4·5 times fllsler . with better com prehension 

- ·--SCHEDULE OF FREE SPEED READING-LESSONS----. 
You'll inerease your reading speed 

50 to 100% on the s t% 
Today and Tomorrow at 4pm or 8pm 

La Jolla Mission Valley 
La Jolla Village Inn International Plaza Hotel , 

Interstate 5 at La Jolla Village dr. 1515 Hotel Cirde West 
"This is the LAST WEEK" 

-----EVELyN WOOD READING DYNAMICS ----...., 
" . 

Wed .... y, October I, 1975 

Records .•• 
It is refreshing to hear a 

singer with a 1000 voice for a 
chan Ie. It is also refreshing to 
hear some mellow music to 10 
with that voice. But it is 
probably most refreshinc to 
hear lyncs that have a meanml. 
BOO PLATE • BONNIE 
RAI'IT. W .... er .... Reeordl. 

After the large publicity 
buildup given "Home Plate," it 
would allnost be an unrightable 
wrong not to review it. 
Although it came neatly 
pIlCkageCI with four other 
&lbums, Warner Bros. had let us 
know that it was coming for at 
least two weeks before its 
arrival. When it finally arrived. 
the tlrst thing we saw (after 
Raitt's picture ort the cover) was 
the list of names on the back: 
Jackson Browne, Jai Winding, 
John Sebastian, Terry Reid, 
J.D. Souther, Emmylou Harris, 
and, of course, the ever popular 
Annie. But, with all this big 
name talent.l why is the record 
so mediocre-r 

That is a hard question to 
answer I but a partial response 
might De that Raitt is such an 
unflashy vocalist that the music 
just seems to wander by. The 
album contains no obvious big 
hit material. Also, the or-
chestration in every song is 
tediously similar. It seems that 
if you have heard one song, you 
can sing the rest. 

Not everrthing is bad. "Fool 
Yourse\r' IS a fairly good cut 
(although that might be because 
we are 'partial to accordions), 
·and RaItt's voice is passable. 
But the over a\1 effect sells the 
p,rdduct, and here it just says 
'dull. " 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
P~LIFE 2.4 hrs 

. Free counseling, study 
andspea~rs 

$140 
Prt .... PIlot Licen .. (Includel] 

• 35 H,. . Flying 
• Inllructlon 

• Pal_Flight T.-nlng Center 
Look 'or P.lomer 
'" r S.r.tce Sliin 

vA. .. F"" Approved 
Jorgen Knudsen 

438-4097 or 
724-4978 

HAIR CUTTERS 
For people who love 

the sun and sea, 
By Appointment 

Closed Sundays and Mondays 

5625 La Jolla BtW. 
La Jolla 459-8218 

I t 

I , " 'f f I 

Wed""" Odoberl, 1975 Pagesenn • rl ...... 1 DI('S 
Volleyball Women 

Overpower Poi nt Lorna 
by Cary Thompson 

SlaffWrller 

Returning Stars to 
Boost Bad'minton 

UC San Diego's undefeated women's 
volleyball team overpowered a weaker Point 
Loma in the recreation gym Friday. 

The Tritons won the match by games of 15-2 
and 15-8. The big match, howev.r, is this 
Wednesday when the Tritons {3-O) face 
powerhouse USD (3-0). 

The more experienced Triton team had little 
trouble in the first game. Point Loma scored th,e 
first point, but after that it was all UCSD as the 
Tritons ran off ten consecutive points and never 
looked back. With Holly Stewart setting and 
Andrea Beylen looking .especially good at the 
net, Point Loma'didn't hav~ a chance. 

In the second game UCSD received some great 
play out of Page Bradshaw, Ellen O'Rorke, and 
Margie Schwartz. The Tritons jumped out to a 
quick 11-3 lead but the Point Lorna team fought 
back and almost caught up as UCSJ) let up a 
little. 

Yol .. yW CMdI Chetek MI .. n .... givel In· 
strHtlons to ...... n ..... lit a filii. out. 

When the Tritons got the serve back, 
Schwartz, Beylen, and Bradshaw were just too 
much at the net for the smaller Point Lorna 
team, and UCSD pulled away for its third win in 
two weeks. 

Soccer Team Surprised by Las Vegas 
The Triton soccer team took 

a drive to Las Vegas ' last 
weekend, for a game that coach 
Geiger expected to win." We're 
finally playing a team in our 
class, ' he had said, t'and we'll 
have a good chance for a vic-
tory." UCSD was surprised, 
however, with a4-1 defeat. 

definite factor in the contest. 
Yet Coach Geiger felt that 
UNL V "was not a superior 
team in technical skills, or in 
physical condition" despite 
their familiarity with the heat. 
In facti it was his o~n team's 
poor p ay and the absence of 
some of his players on the 
weekend trip that made this 
such a "disappointing" contest 
for Geiger. 

actually led to UNL V scoring 
two easy goals in the closing 
minutes of the game. 

by Jon Halperin 
Starr Writer 

The UC San Die~o bad-
minton team opened ItS 1975 
season by ripping a weak 
Palomar squad, 14 matches to 
none Thursday afternoon. 
"It's a great way to start · a 
season," said coach Judy 
Sweet, who then warned, "but 
the competition is going to get 
alot tougher. " 

The Tritons, boasting a 
strong contingent from last 
year, along with some 
promising newcomers, literally 
blew Palomar out of the gym. 

Pacing UCSD was a returning 
star, Kama Ghoryade. He won 
his singles match 5-2/ 15-8, and 

the~ , teamed witn In~rid 
Bemrschke to take the mIXed 
doubles, 15-5, 15-9. Also going 
unbeaten for the Tritons were 
Liz Noll, Carol Steinberg, Rick 
Norman, and th<> teams of 
Berrirschke and Sue Zarate, 

Laurie Berg and Lee Thor, Cliff 
Gates and Gary Krietzer, Lee 
Miramontes and Steve Wai, 
Edy Nakashire and Kent Sch-
witkis, Noll and Gates, 
Steinberg and Kreitzer, Thor 
and Norman, and Zarate and 
Harry Hen. 

Of the coming season, Sweet 
observed, "The outlook looks 
good now, but I really don't 
know the caliber of the rest of 
the teams in the league. Ri~ht 
now, I'd have to feel that we re 
one of the top three teams." 

Coach Sweet was very im-
pressed with the newcomers, 
and expects them to add to the 
team's strongest point-depth . 

The Tritons will meet a young 
team, Point Lorna, Thursday at 
Point Loma. If the Palomar 
match was a true judge of 
UCSD's badminton strenEth, 
Point Loma and the rest of the 
league are in for a rough season. 

Now coach Geiger says that 
he was "very disappointed" in 
his team's loss to the University 
of Nevada, Las Vegas and 
attributes the defeat to "break- . 
downs in organization, com-
munication, and technique" by 
both himself and his players. 

The two schools met under 
the noontime desert sun on the 
Las Vegas campus. The ex-
treme heat, accentuated by the 
ani ficial surface that the match 
lool<. place on. was certainly a 

Despite this sub-par per-
formance by UCSD, the Tritons 
were still close enough to win 
the game with only five minutes 
remaining in the match . 
Trailing 2-1 and hoping to 
generate more offense, UCSD 
pulled their goalie from out of 
the nets and sent him into the 
main field of play. However, 
this strategy proved futile and 

With league play b.eEinning 
today at Azusa PaCIfic, the 
UCSD soccer team must show 
"much overall improvement in 
their techniques and attitudeb" says Geiger, if they wish to e 
competitive. His reference to 
attitude concerns certain 
"supposedly cpmmitted 
players" who are "letting the 
team down" by not showing up 
for spme practices and/ or 
games. (A plight common to 
many athletic teams at this Retuming badminton .tar Cliff Gat •• 

Politics ... 
In. ad~ition. to the current hoopla sur,rounding the presidential 

nommatmg CirCUS, there has been conSiderable attention of late 
directed towards the impending contest to decide whom shall be the jun ior senator from California. 

Former Dancer 
The current junior Senator is, of course, Democrat John 

Tu nney. Tunney was elected in 1970 when he defeated the in-
cumbent Republican Senator and former dancer George Murphy 
by a somewhat comfortable! margin of 600,000 votes . Murphy, who 
was considered a favorite to secure his own re-election, suffered at 
the polls when it was learned that he was on the payroll of 
Technicolor Inc., an association some likened to Shirley Temple 
se ll i ng out to Satan. 

Before the general election, however, Tunney won a hard fought 
and relatively close primary election. Among a host of candidates 
was the liberal Representative Geor~e Brown. Brown campaigned 
hard and mana~ed to tag Tunney with an establishment image of 
so me sort, and It was assumed by many a Democrat that Tunney 

~as a conservative . who soon would vote for nomination of the 
Infamous General Hershey, the Draft Boss to the position of , 
Secretary of State. In 1970 such issues as the War easily dominated t~e Democratic primary, and Tunney's victory was not as easy as 
hIS 44-33 margin over Brown indicated . 
. Tunney's home district is Riverside, where strong liberal policies 

are rarely popular. During his six year tenure as RepreseiHative 
from Riverside Tunney had a solid liberal record, yet it did not 
appear too radical. However, his farm and labor record was nearly 
perfect. The same could be said of his senate career, with strong 
labor and farm ratings and a solid liberal record. 

Lying In Bed Together 
! unney's .o~ly announced opponent in the upcoming June 

pn mary, activit 1St Tom Hayden has tried to accuse, 'f.unney of 
SUpporting Republican policies. A political cartoon appearing in a 
fHecent Hayden campaign publication has shown the depth to which 

ayden has fallen in an attempt to garner some errant votes. 
In the cartoon, the four most likely Republican candidates are 

shown lying in bed tOi{ether. One with .a phone in his hand tells the 
°hlhers to make room m the bed for Tunney who just called to say 
e was coming over to join them. Two of the Republicans were 

mOderates: Robert Finch and Alonzo Bell. The other two, Barry 
Goldwater Jr. ~nd Dennis . Carpenter, are usually regarded as 
strong conservatIves. 

To imply that John Tunney is as conservative as Barry Gold-
Gwater Jr. is worse than a lie -- It is a disservice to both Tunney and oldwater. However, Hayden is far behind in the polls, and his 
Campaign, which has already dragged on for more tnan four 
ml.onths, is slowly but surely degenerating into a senational !Jlud· 
s I~ng affair. 

I e mud-slinging could backfire against Hayden by bringing out r arge turnout at the polls, which 'would lead to a victory by the 
arger ~oderate wing of the democratic party. A Republican once 
lold thIS reporter tliat the Hayden candidacy was a plot by the 
Tundney people to make their candidate appear more mIddle of the 
roa than he actually is. This theory doesn't eem so far fetched ~hen ~ne considers that the Republican' candidate will run a trong t'~mpa lgn again t Tunney who i not as popular as the senior 
<J<:nato r, Alan Cranston. 
Ih Bult before the elec~orate an~ the pre s get too carried away with 
v e g amorous enalorial "mp'8ign or gory pr~~i~I;I'iaJ . p.Qllt.Jc., the 
a Oler must remember that a clly council election is only four weeks ll1~adY' and that hould be more than enough to keeo our political In busy. 

mon . ey Imon"-e/, n; 
an item which is 
readily available to 
loan for nearly 
every. reason thru 
your University & 
State Employees 
Credit Union. 

CRED NlDN 

University & State EmploYHs Credit Union 
M SAl\! Dlfon 

5555 Mildred Streel 5191 College Avenue UCSO Campus, lyman 
San Diego, 92110 San Diego. 92115 at Miramar Rd. 

297-1131 21 ... 4210 La Jolla, 92037 
• ..... 4S3-se:zo 

, . 



......... \' Wed .... y, October I, 1975 
RerlfIion •• "MaRnlflcent" HIRher Education ' Books ••• Privacy ••• 
would like the univer;i to be a 
more honest place. H believes 
there is an image rojected 
through the admin trators, 
through programs I orien-
tation, and throu h the 
University catalogue at has 
little relationship with reality. 

objections than we thought. " Saxon alSO discussed. the 
, State's Master Plan for Higher 

seen. ' He battled ridicule 
malaria, theft, governmental 
red tape and uncooperative 
weather to make his discoveries, 
and he died knowing his critics 
were still trying to prove him 
wrong. They tlave never suc-
ceede<l. 

recites: "Shark's vertebrae, of 
which walking sticks are often 
made." Stone also has the 
annoying habit of unearthing 
odd words and then wearin~ 
them out. Henry "grouses' 
about every 10 pages. Callin" the bill "cum- Education, which defines the bersome, ' Saxon claimed it will ' functions and prescribes the 

force many chanJes that could admissions of the public 
cost between $250,000 and se~ments of higher education. 
S500,OOO regularly not included the community education, the 
"start-up costs." state universities, and uc. 

The real shame is that our 
admiration for the Schliemanns 
is somehow dimmed, because 
the accounts of their 
remarkable discoveries are so 
lifeless. Stone manages to 
extract all sense of spontaneity 
from their conversation, leaving 
us with a ..genuine feeling of 
imp_atience. 

''It's time to stop talking 
about the Socratic dialogue and 
to tart practicing it." he said. 

Atkinson added that UCSD 
does not ressemble the image 
that it projects to the public. A 
few years ago Atkinson was 
asked by members bf the La 
Jolla Presbyterian Church 
congre&ation why so many 
students seemed disenchanted 
by t~eir liv~ at su.ch a .beautiful 
and Impressive university. 

He said that he told them 
bluntly that "students call this 
place mCSD) a 'Mind-Fuck 
factory1" 

Traditions and Values Shaken 
Both Atkinson and Campbell 

said that many students feel 
their traditions and values 
shaken when they come here 
because of the secular at-
mosphere. They said that 
though there is a lot of un-
conscious suppression of 
religious thought and feelings, 
there are a lot of 
unacknowledged agnostics on 
campus. 

Atkinson and Campbell say 
that few people have a core 
system of beliefs. Campbell 
said the lack of a core system of 
beliefs was one way of deter-
mining a person's atheism. 

Part of the acknowledged 
duty of religious affairs is to 
counter the stereotypes people 
have about religious groups. 
Many people, according to 
Campbell, have a "stupid 
image" of what a Catholic or 
another Christian is supposed to 
be. 

. Charges of bias in tenure 
selection are "inevitable," 
Saxon believes, as "no one is 
likely to accept an adverse judgement." . 

"We are seeking the best of 
the best for the UniveF6ity. We 
have tried to persuade the 
governor we have adequate 
procedures, but I have no 
political powers," Saxon said. 

Saxon ••• 
that the next generation will not 
be cut off from the new 
knowledge it needs to solve its 
own immediate problems" 

Hamburger Lecture 
Scheduled 

Dr. Robert N. Hamburger, 
who with Professor Russell · 
Doolittle, recently published 
test results identifying and 
synthesizing a peptide capable 
of blocking aJlerglc reactions in 
humans, will give a lecture and 
chair a panel discussion dealing 
wit h his work Thursday, 
October 9. at the University of 
California, San Diego. 

The lecture/ panel is the first 
presentation in a 1975-76 series 
of cultural events scheduled by 
the , recently· formed U C San 
Diego Alumni and Friends 
organization. It will be held at . 
8:00 p.m. in the Revelle 
Commons and is free and open 
to the public. 

Saxon termed higher public 
education in California . as 
"nothing less than magnificent, 
thanks to the Master Plan.' 
Each of the segments has a 
responsibility to its community, 
and an obligation to respond to 
its needs. But just as the 
missions are different, so too 
are the responses." 

He exolained that the 
community colleges have a 
responsibility to their com-
munities, while UC schools, as 
well as having obligations to 
their communities, have 
responsibilities to the nation 
and the world." 

campus-wide committees which 
need representation is available 
in the Third College Dean's 
Office, 412 MC, Room 7. 
Committee appointments are 
being made right now . 
Interested students should come 
to the Third College Dean's' 
Office for more information on 
the committees. 

On Friday, October 10, 10:30 
a.m., the Thud Colle~e Student 
Council will be interviewing and 
makins appointments for those 
committees needing Third 
College representation. 

Women's Center 
Meeting 

The meeting of the Women's 
Center scheduled for Tuesday, 
October 8, has been rescheduled 
for Thursday, October 16, in 

Stone's narrative involves a 
continua~ tug-of-war between 
interesting history and 
nauseatins fiction. The latter is 
stuffed WIth sentences like: ' "I 
can see the walls,' Sophia 
murmured 'but I cannot 
assimilate them.' " Or: "Why 
Henry, talking is as important 
to life as breathing. It's not 
what my family and I say to 
each other that's important, it's 
the fact that we hear the music 
of each other's voices." 

At one point, Henry studies 
some excavated bones and 

His research is thorough as 
usual, but it would still be more 
satisfying to read a straight 
historical or biographical ac-
count which relies exclusively 
on Schliemann's thousands · of 

. recorded thoughts and speeches 
about his <Iiscoveries. He 
doesn't need Irving Stone to 
invent any more for him. 

Del Mar Reg fJrive ••. 
availability of housing in Del 
Mar," he said. 

In the portion of the ballot 
dealing with residential land 
use, the first question deals with 
reducins the density of certain 
residentlal areas of Del Mar. 
The second question concerns 
limiting the size of development 
in certain residential areas, 
while the third deals with 
allowing density bonuses in 
some areas of Del Mar. 

Students Politically Powerful 
Shepard said that 500 UCSD 

students live in Del Mar and 
comprise up to one fifth of 
registered voters there. 
"Students can be politically 
powerful in Del Mar; they have 
been in the past," Shepard said. 

He credits his election and the 

Hinton ••• 

election of Councilpersons 
Weare and Hoover to the 
student vote in Del Mar. He 
also credits students with 
"gi..,ing the city new life" in the 
1960s when they first started 
moving into Del Mar. 

Kaye said that students are 
also mterested in rreserving the 
character of De Mar. He 
disagrees with the assertion that 
students have little interest in 
Del Mar because they live there 
for ~ust a few years. "Students 
don t just stay in Det Mar 
because it's a place to live. 
They stay there because they 
like the character of the town." 

Shepard added, "Del Mar is 
down the tubes if we lose this 
election. The students must 
realize how powerful they can 
be in slowing development. " 

" At first my job mostly entailed cleaning the tanks and feeding 
the fish." Gradually the facilities expanded, and more important 
duties resulted. 

Folklore Course 

The two chaplains at religious 
affairs described their feelings 
that the language of religion IS 
exact and is realistic, while the 
secular language is often vague 
and abstract. Religion at the 
religious affairs office is a very 

GSC Appointments et the north conference room of 
Hinton's very {,opular "Forms of Folklore" class started in 1948 

when he taught It as a University Extension course. Growing up 
with folk music in Oklahoma and Texas gave him early insight to 
legends, customs, superstitions and other forms of folklore. 

erious part of human life they 
are trying to maintain at a great 
secular institution. 

Soccer ... 
academically oriented institu te). 

But the UCSD team has 
shown that it has the makings 
for a strong ball-club, evidenced 
by last week's virtually even 
contest with highly touted San 
Diego State. Only the coming 
weeks can indicate if these 
apparent strengths will be 
realized. 

The Graduate Student 
Council will appoint graduate 
students to campus and 
statewide committees at its 
meeting Thursday at noon in 
the upstairs conference room of 
the Student Center. Lists ()f 
available positions are posted 
on each departmental bulletin 
board. All mterested graduate 
tudents should attend the 

meeting. 

3rd Committee 
Reps Sought 

Third College needs students 
to represent Third College on 
various campus-wide com-
mittees . A complete list of all 

j~ ~ 

'SONY CASSE I I ES 
ON SALE 

Brought to you by SUPERSCOPE 

HI FIDELITY SERIES 
LECTURE SERIES 

I 

La. :Joffa. ~ u~ic 
1128 !Wa.ff cSt. , 

459-3375 

PARKING. 
Students Are' Reminded 
. --------------~-----

"S" Parking permits are valid in 
YELLOW STRIPED parking spaces only 

(see campus map) 
CITATIONS are issued for illegal parking. 

Familiarize yourself with 
the parking regulations ~ 

the student center. Linda 
0' Addario, the San Diego 
Coordinator of Women's Strike 
Day, will give an informal talk 
about the October 29 event. 

His interest in folklore has not diminished over the years -- he 
still researches its many interesting facets. It will again be taught as 
a General Literature course in the winter quarter. 

Most people who have heard of Sam Hinton know of him 
through his music. Although his mother was a musician, Hinton 
was mostly elf-taught, but said he learned much more about music 
after marrying his wife, who is also a professional musician. "And 
a much better one than I am," he says. 

MCC Election 
Postponed 

Muir College has announced 
that the election for the fresh -
man seat on the Muir College 
Council has been postponed 
until Monday and Tuesday. 

Hinton often performs for high schools in the San Diego area 
and often can't resist puttin~ in a "plug for higher education." H is 
present job has him travelling to many high schools andjunior 
colleges in San Diego and Imperial County to discuss UC. For the 
most part, Hinton tries to keep his high school concerts and 
"offiCial business separate. 

According to a spokesman in . . Bicentennial Theme. . 
the Muir dean 's office, the poll- Among. the mstru"!ents he pl~ys .are the gUitar, harm~mca, 
- which will be located at p~nny wh!stle and ba.nJo. Pr~sently, hiS per~ormances deal With the 
various spots around the Muir blcentenmal theme, lliustratmg pomts 10 hIstory and present day 
campus during the time votes dilemnas. 
are cast -- will be open from 9 
am to 6 pm each day. 

TRB ... 
" They can't prove nothin', they ain't got a 

thing on me, 
I' m goin' down to Berkeley, fur to git me a 

degree . " 

It wasn't all corn pone, either. In his fighting 
acceptance speech in Philadelphia to a yelling 
crowd at 2:00 in the morning, off the cuff, he 
announced that he was going to bring the 
Republican Congress back to a special session, 
and would ask them to pass laws for a national 
health program, civil rights legislation, higher 
minumum wage and social security, and funds 
"to provide public power and cheap electricity." 

Giv 'em hell, Harry! I can still see him holding 
up and cackling over that . Chicago Tribune 
headline electing Dewey. Somebody to dream 
about the e dispiriting days. 

Hubbard •.• 
derstruck 'screech or a lilting sigh and go right 
back again, building to the same peak he had 
just reached . Hubbard is like Jeff Beck, Billy 
Cobham, and other would-be "greatests." He 
needs to underplay his effects in order to· make 
them effective and affecting. His solos are 
never sloppy, just overstated. The sense of 
overkill ruins any evidence of taste or subtlety. 

Hubbard' s band cooked competently, with 
tenor saxist Carl Rankin contributing several 
gruff, melodramatic solos in the style and spirit 
of Anthony Braxton. During a raucous, almost 
unrecognizable ver ion of "All Is Fair In 
Love" Rankin took the show into his own 
hands and rendered his fearless leader's braying 
trumpet flurries superfluous. 

With Hubbard, there is never any sense of 
musical bankruptcy one feels from many of the 
jazz-rockers. There is, however, a strident sense 
of self-indulgence. Hubbard's recent move 
from the supposedly restrictive confines of the 
CTI complex leaves his future open to 
speculation. So far, he has not u ed his newly 
found freedom to very good measure . 

GSU, Accreditation ••. 
chemi try majors Irom such classes, although these students may 
need the lab to graduate. 

This is the situation UCSD finds itsel' In as nnt April' ac-
credltalion committee draw nearer. And there Is little I.dlcation 
that thing will get any better. Indeed, some department are 
holding ection sIze down only by dipping Into their budge. lor 
next spring. . 

The queslion I • doe a universi,y In ucb a Ituation deserve 
accreditation, the mark of "quality Institution," for any Ie .... b of 
time at an, much I .en year? 


