
Upcoming Referendum 

MurPhy ~oncerned Over 
Wording of 2nd Proposition 

by W MIe Ch~ndler 
....... ..-

Vice Chancellor and Dean of Student Affairs 
George S. Murphy has expressed concern over the 
wording of the secORd proposition in the upcoming 
referendum . 

In an interview Tuesday, Murphy said that he had 
speci fically requested that the Election Board 
include the words "formally" or "officially" in 
Proposition II , which now reads, "Should the 
Student Cooperative (Coop) represent the UCSD 
undergraduate community on campus and 
University-wide affairs?" 

Murphy confirmed that the effect of an af-
firmative resulton this question would be a request 
by the Chancellor to the Board of Regents to 
establish the Coop as the official student govern-
ment at UCSD. He said he was disturbed that the 
language of the proposition did not make this clear . 

Acknowledged Bias 
If the tudents should reject the Coop as the 

official representative body, Murphy said he would 
form a task force composed of Student Affairs staff 
members and representatives from the college 
councils, and ask this group to consider 
establishing some form of student input "sub-
stantially different from the Coop." He said that he 
would " not rule out the option that we should do 
nothing," but that there was an "acknowledged bias 
on the part of several members of my staff, one that 
I probably share, that there should be some form of 
senior student organization on campus ." 

Murphy indicated that if (he students vote to 
continue the Campus Activity Fee, it would be 
continued in that form and would not become a 
Coop membership fee, even if the Coop receives 
substantial support. Regulations by the UC Regents 
require a two-thirds majority to establish a man-
datory student government membership fee . 
Murphy said that the Coop, if supported, would 

Continued on Page four 

'Temporary' T -21 To Be Torn Down 
by John H. Taylor 

Edltor·ln-c'"-f 

A cl uster of healthy and rather 
opti mistic-looking white flowers 
were planted earlier this year at 
the base of Scripps I nstitution of 
Oceanography building T-21. The 
flowers point up and out, toward 
the Pacific and La Jolla, and 
through bushes to the site of the 
new SIO library. 

T-21 will soon be torn down, 
however, and its occupants, SIO 
taffers in the Data Collection 

and Processing Group, have been 
told to move out by May 1, the 
date of the ground breaking for 
the new libaray. 

Scripps "institution " IS on site for a new library . 

$0 Hear Petty SpeB;k 
At Racism Rally Here 

by Charles Heimler 
N_Edho, 

"We need to organize forces on 
a national scale and make the 
racists know there'll be a response 
to their actions . The racists don't 
own the streets,'" Willie Petty, 
member of the Pasadena 
Committee Against Segregated 
Education, told a rally of 50 
people Wednesday. The rally was 
sponsored by the Student 
Committee Against Racism 
(SCAR). 

The rally , held in the Student 
Center, was intended to build 
towards the May 17 national 
mobilization ca lling for 
desegregation of Boston schools 
by the NAACP and SCAR. San 
Diego's participation in that 
demonstration will include a 
picket line at the downtown 
Federal Building. 

Not Made to Help 
Petty, who is involved in the 

fight to de egregate Pasadena's 
schools, told the rally that the 
1954 Supreme- Court decision 
invalidating "separate but equal" ' 
was not made to help the position 
of blacks in the US. 

"That was pa sed to give the US 
a better i mage on the in-
ternational scene, at a time when 
African colonies were winning 
their liberation ," Petty said 

"The government has done two 
things since the civil rights 
movement," Petty claimed , as 
part of its effort to defeat gains by 
blacks. 

" First, it bought off or coopted 
the most militanf black leaders, 
like giving them poverty program 
jobs, or it just murdered or exiled 
them, like with Malcolm X," he 
said . 

"Whv have th racists picked 
Boston for their attacks?" Petty 
posed . " Because the black 
population in Boston is only eight 
to eleven percent. They thought 
there'd be no serious resistance, 
but they didn't count on the 

Willie Petty 

support for black students that 
has arisen ." 

Fueling Racist Att~cks 
UC San Diego SCAR head Mike 

Zarate gave a brief history 'of the 
Boston si tuation , charging 
President Ford, the Boston school 
board and politicians, With 
fueling racist attacks and efforts 
to turn back progress . 

Those opposing the 
desegregation efforts 10 Boston 
are not against bussing, said 
Zarate but against " the existence 
of blacks coming to their 
schools." 

Similar Si tuations eXist 
throughout the country and in 
San Diego, Zarate pOlO ted out 

"Seven years ago the ACLU 
(American Civil Liberties Union) 
flied a suit against the school 
ystem In San Diego The purpose 

was to begIO an Integration 
program . That deCision is stdl 
pending in the courts " 

" If the racists are able to defeat 
d segregation in Boston," Zarate 
said, " then they' ll start Si milar 
campaigns all over the country , 
and It could occur here." 

Janet Ploss of the Women's 
Center, set the tone for calls of 
alliance between the oppressed 
groups around UCSD. 

" Rac ism has gone un -
derground ," she said . " And 

Continued on P~ge four 
The T stands for temporary, 

though T-21 was built in 1916. It is 
a one-story cottage, with one of 
UC San Diego's better views, that 
was originally used to house 
visi ting scientists and students. It 
has been sufficiently un-
temporary to have housed two 
SIO directors, a retired professor 
who works at Scripps, members of 
a group studying limpets and 
starfish before moving into the 
Sou thwest Marine Fisheries 
building, and allegedly, an SIO 
janitor with his 25 cats. 

committee: Scipps professor 
Joseph Reid . 

" I had an office in T-22, and it 
was the loveliest office anyone 
could ever have," he said . " But 
we lose things like that when 
projects like Scri pps get 
developed with big, pretty 
buildings and receptionists in the 

UCSD Priest Discusses Local Bishop's 
Abortion Views on NO W 

But, according to Don Mc-
Carty, a UCSD architect involved 
With the library project, T-21 sits 
on land that will be used for part 
of the new building. • 

"There's no way that building 
(T-21) can be saved, " McCarty 
said Tuesday. 

" If it held some ~entimenta l 
value, that's not for me to say." 

There are other planners close 
to the librdfY project for whom T-
21 and the several other similar 
cottages in the same grouping do 
hold sentimental value, notably 
the chairman of the SIO library 

front office." 
He says buildings T -22, 23, 24, 

25 and 26 will not be torn down 
for the library . T-21 is, simply, old 
and in the way. 

"There are those of us who feel 
strongly about those buildings -
my office is now in one of the 
green zoos." 

Reuben Lasker, a' scientist at 
the fisheries, says, "the most 
productive couple of years of my 
life" were spent in T-21 . "Moving 
nut," and into the big, pretty 
fisheries building a few hundred 
yards to the north, "was the 
passi ng of an era ." 

"We did the kind of work there 
Continued on P~ge four 

. 20Oth OpenS Tomorrow 
Tomorrow is the bicentennial of the start of the American 

revolutionary war. Two hundred years ago in Boston, Paul Revere 
made his famous Midnight Ride to warn patriots of an impending 
British raid . 

The midnight ride set into motion the American militia, or 
Minutemen, who met the British troops at Lexington and then at 
Concord, the two engagements that led-to the opening of hostilities 
between the American coloOists and the British . 

Although no major celebrations have been scheduled for 
California and the west, several celebrations have been planned in 
New England and in the south. Though most of these events are 
under the auspices ot the federal government, the mo t interesting 
celebration should be sponsored by the People's BlCpntE'nlal 
CommiSSion In the l\oston area (POC) . 

The PBC. has planned for MIdnight Ride Auto aravan~ to ('over 
the ame ground a Paul Revere tonight and early tomorrow 
morning Later In the day, a5 many as lSO,<XXl "\\ Inter patnot," Will 
<l~semble at Concord Bflci~t' to comm('nlOralf:' the Aml'ncan VI( tory 

by Mark St~dler 
Community Editor 

About two-and-a-half weeks 
ago San Diego's Roman Catholic 
Bishop Leo T. Maher issu~d a 
letter orderil')g certain people to 
be excluded from the sacrament 
of Eucharist. These people are 
generally recognized as prer 
abortionists, although the letter 
has gained varied interpretations. 

A woman at UC San Diego's 
Women 's Center saw the letter as 
" literally excommunicating" 
members of the National 
Organization of Women (NOW), 
a feminist group that strongly 
advocates abortion rights . One of 
UCSD's Roman Cat hi ic priests, 
Father Bernard Campbell, viewed 
the letter as an "unhappy one" 
that bar NOW member from 
receiVing communion . 

"Defanged it" 
But Campbell added that 

Auxiliary Bishop Chavez issued a 
clarifitatlon of Maher's letter on 
April9 that "defanged it " Chavez 
aid Maher's letter wasn 't a 
ondemnation Qf any group, but 

a reaffirmation of the hurch' 
anti-abortion tand 

Campbell ~ald the letter truck 
him as " IOapproprlate," and that 
he disagreed With a full-scale 
denun latlOn of every NOW 
membf'r He IIlustratro that by 

~aylng that IU t cl) he, a memb~r 
ot th(' Demo rratle I'dllV dOt!)II' t 
Identity hlm,(>lt With thp b('lIel~ 
of all other democrc1t~ , mt'mbf'r 
of NOW ,hollldn I 11(' ('onciE'mned 

because of some of its members' 
beliefs . 

"Campbell said, " I don' t know 
what I'd do" if a person saying he 
was pro-a bortion asked him to 
administer communion . He 
asserted th&e was no way he 
could tell who was pro-abortion, 
but if someone identified himself 
in such a manner. he would try to 
it down and talk with him, to 

find out the person's motivations. 
Campbell said he would want to 
know if they were see~ing the 
communion for religious or 
political reasons. 

Tip of an Iceberg 
But the abortion question is 

like the tip of an iceberg to 
ampbell , wi th many other issues 

. beneath . Campbell aid the 
Bi hop's framework wa too 
limited, and that what i really 
needed is an "ethical di course" 
on the broader moral i sues. 

Ca mpbell labelled It 
" hypOcritical " for the Church to 

ome out again t abortion, while 
Ignoring other thing tha t may 
help to cause the climate making 
abortion an i ue. Those other 
i lie , Campbell as erted, in-
Iud fair hou ing and better 

education 
The hurch, along With other 

groups, make he mistake of 
taking " ab olutl t , impllstlc 
~tan ' on I~ ues, tan s that 
lead to hate, Campbl'1I aid He 
( ontlnued to ay that " w have to 
L!t't ,l\vay I rom the 'button 
nwntallty, the.' mentallt that 
(",h pvervthlng In term 01 
,Ih,ollltr lI~ht clOd wrong nlv 

after getting away from that 
" button mentality" can people 
ever achieve the " ethical 
discourse" that Campbell desires. 

Campbell said the most im-
portant question underlying the 
abortion problem is "What does it 
mean to be human?" Trans-
forming the issue into a ve'y 
abstract question with far ranging 
implications, Campbell said he 
wondered about the value to be 
placed on something, like a fetus, 
that cannot fend for itself . 

Prohib!t~ Di~logue 
He poke of the "political 

implications " of abortion, for the 
old, the IOfirmed, the "non-
productive." He asked how their 
value was to be determined, and 
if it is to be determined only by 
" apitali tic productiVity then life 

indeed ad ." 

Continued on Page 7 



Pqetwo Trltonnmes Friday, April 18, 1975 
Letters to t~e _ Editor 
, TT I,andling of Malone Story Nears Sensationalism 

Tile Trlt... TI",.. II eff'e'.", 
..................... 111 •• ' 
'" .... C___.._ • .,.. of 
uctD. h~ ......... Ie on M .... Y8. 
Wed.....,., end FrIdIY8 ""1It! .... 
__ 1CIIooI ,., I ..... t ... oftIGIel The first thi"l my girlfriend 

said when she f~ished reading 
the Cleo Malone story was, 
"There had to tie a cunt around, 
somewhere ." 

Funny, your story doesn't 
mention women at all. lust 
Malone and "students," 
presumably female students. The 
whole question of mutual at-
traction is conveniently avoided 
by throwing the issue into a 
teacher-student or administrator-
student arena. If you hadn't run 
Malone's picture, along with your 
clearly imp~rti~1 article, a lot of 
us might never have known that 
the man is damned attractive. 

Who was attracted to whom? 
There is no mention of threat or 
rape in the article, or any other 
act of an obvious criminal nature; 

on the side of love, the article 
shows a conspicuous ignorance 
of current social mores. Both of 
these realms need to be explored 
and their pertinence described in 
an article of this sort. By saying 
nothing, by hiding behind the 
mask of impartialitv, you 
compromise your authority and 
dilute the responsibility of each 
individual involved-you ignore 
the question of intent. The failure 
of Malone's accusers to identify 
themselves, to acknowledge their 
roles, and the Triton Times' 
cooperation in this, sets back the 
authenticity of the claim and the 
womens' movement in general. 

Furthermore, your special 
coverage of this one incident 
implies that this is the only case . 
Vet, the LA Times recently ran an 

Confusion of Myth and 
Science Disservice to Both 

In his article of April 9 Dave Murphy asks us to compare two 
theories of the origins of the diverse life forms now to be found on 
earth, and of the life forms now extinct, which we know of through 
fossil evidence. The first of these, the theory of evolution, as originated 
by Darwin and expanded and modified by later scientists and 
philosophers, holds that most, if not all, life forms presently found on 
this planet are ancestrally related, having their origins in a single event, 
or at least in what might be termed a single gene pool. 

The other theory cited, the " theory of special creation," has its 
origins in Judeo-Christian and other folk mythologies, and holds that 
all forms of life on earth are not related, having their origins in several 
acts of " special creation ." In the form supported by Mr. Murphy, this 
theory has been modified to allow for some relatedness among certain 
groups of organisms, since some evolution may have taken place since 
the creation of these "basic forms ." How many of these "basic forms" 
there might be is not specified . 

We are then asked to compare the ability of the two theories to 
predict the evidence found in the fossil record . We are told that the 
first predicts "an abundance of transitional.forms, or 'missing links:" 
and that the other "predicts the sudden appearance of a great variety 
of complex life forms with sharp boundaries between the major 
taxonomic groups ... (and) no transitional forms ." At this point, Mr. 
Murphy dismisses the subject by stating that there are no transitional 
forms, and therefore submits that special creation is the more tenable 
theory . Such a treatment of this issue, although not uncommon, is 
intellectually dishonest, and should not be allowed to stand un-
challenged . 

In the first place, what do these two theories actually predict about 
the fossil record? Dobzhansky writes that - ' ''if all organisms which 
lived in the past were fossilized and recovered we would see an un-
broken chain of organisms between man and the virus" (assuming that 
the entire living world is descended from a single ancestor) . But the 
theory of evolution does not predict that all intermediate forms will be 
found, only that they m~y by found. Only a very small portion of any 
life form is likely to be fossilized, and only a very small portion of all 
fossils is likely to survive and be discovered. Is it any wonder that there 
are gaps in the fossil record? 

No, evolutionary theory does not predict that the fossil record will 
layout before ys a complete scenario of the evolution of all living 
organisms. It rtierely predicts that whatever fossils are found can be 
integrated intJ • logical story of evolution of life. As Dobzhansky puts 
it, " the chief interest of paleontological data ... lies not in their 
demonstrati01 that evolution did occur, but in their showing of just 
how it occUrr .~." 

The paleortologic data do not contllct w:th c'!of Itionbbut neither 
do they conniJ::t with the "theory of creation ." This is ecause this 
theory actualJy makes no predictions whatsoever about the occurrance 
of fossil intHmediate forms or of the relatedness of living forms , 
Evidence of homologies between living organisms of different "basic 
types" can b~ ~ismissed as due to the will of the creator to use suc-
cessful methods and arrangements in separate, though perhaps similar, 
creative situ"tions. Fossil intermediates, as they are discovered, can be 
assigned to new creative "basic types," and still no prediction has been 
violated . 

The theory of creation makes good mythology, and good religion, 
but not good science, precisely because it makes no predictions. 
Everything is left to the whim of the "creator," so nothing need be 

rela~ logically. Creation can have no standing as a scientific theory 
because at the outset it makes the assumption that the products and 
pt'ocess of creation, being supernatural, cannot be integrated into a 
natural philosophy. 

Continued on hie three 

article describina the hiah in-
cidence of pumping for grades on 
the university and included one 
female teacher'S jaded complaint 
that she wasn't being appr_oached 
enouah. Sex is observed to be 
another covert job bennie, like 
payola or graft. Don't get caught 
unless you're here at UCSD, 
where Cleo's got the cross-
philandering teachers and ad-
ministrators may rest easy in their 
beds . 

Clearly, the issue is not sexual 
attraction at all . Rather, it should 
be: on what grounds does the 
administration roust a person for 
doing what comes naturally? 
None are mentioned in your 
article. By what authority does 
the University operate here? 
Constitutional? General policy? 
Divine right? 

There are a lot, of people 
fornicating at all campus levels . 
And while there need to be some 
limits, for the protection of 
parents as well as daughters, and 
for the orderly running of the old 
school, the Triton Times article 
fails to show how any rules of 
order were violated. 

Instead, the vague and in-
substantial terms "reassignment ," 
"allegatio ns," and "sexual 
misconduct" are juxtaposed 
against the picture of Cleo 
Malone, creating an implication 
which comes uncomfortably near 
to sensationalism, if not slander . 

Until the Triton Times is willing 
to reveal its sources ("high ad-
ministrative sources," if 
reputable, should have nothing to 
fear) and the "students" involved 
take responsibility for their ac-
tions, it is Cleo Malone who is 
being ripped off. 

And if we fail to see how the 
administration would rath er 
dangle a sex scanda l than have us 
notice its scanty authority to 
make the move it did, it is the 
Triton Times being ~ipped off . 

By the way, if I fucked a 
teacher for a grade, would she be 
to blame, or would I? What if 
(forgive me Chancellor) we both 
enjoyed it? 

MARK WOELBER 

Editor's "ole: Woelber 's 
poi"ls are weU-taie". However, 
lhere are ntles by which II 
jouma! SI~ch as the Tn'to" 
Ti1Ples operates tNI be ""'y "01 
support, 17111 thai we are bou"d 
by. The mosl pressi"g example, 
in Ihis case, is thai sOllrees have 
10 nihllo transmit information 
10 liS anonymollsly. Anolher 
reqllires that information give" 
to lIS off the record, a"d "ot 
obtai"ed elsewhere, is not ollrs 
topn·nt. 

The ethical reasons for these 
constraints are obvious -- and in 
terms of practicality, if we 
violate them our sources of 
information will very quiclt.ly 
cease to exist. 

The siluation of which 
Woelber wn'tes is not as simple 
as he would lilt.ely prefer. The 
compexities that an'se when a 
University tnes simultaneously 
to protect 'its' public image, the 
individuals against whom 
ailegations have been made and 
those who have made the 
ailegations does not allow jor 
discussio" in the school 
newspaper of the new morality 
to which Woelber refers. That 
is, no one says much of 
anything for pn·nt. 

In addition, there is an un-
fortunate- amount of naivete 
surrounding asp-ects of this 
difficulty , (0 which . sllch a 
discussion would not apply. Tt is 
only in our attempts to be fair 
4nd proteclive that you accuse us 
of verging on sensatio"a!ism. 

We do, obviously, It.now more 
than we have published. Much 
of what wejnow is very ugly, 
and its presentation in the sort 
of form Woelber suggests 
would be more than harmful to 
most of the indiviiluals in-
volved. It is more than a case of 
a mature mutual attraction, or 
mutllal sense of what is op-
portune, between a professor 
andstudent. 

We wish we could pn'nt more 
of the story behind the 
University's actual reasons for 
a possible action against 
Malone . An understanding was 
violated -- we cannot sa,y what 

Continued on P~ge (, 

University Here for Gentry, 
Not Hordes of Despised Students 

hollll.,.,. Ed'to,'" .nd bu.'n ... 
.,.. .,. ....... In "7 .Ioke HoIl 
on tho RowIIo CoIIeto 1Impuc. 

. Loft8ro to tho EIIItor end opinion 
eolu_ _ welcomod. All ...... 
........ __ ... bo~on ... 
.,... lno on __ rOIl" .....,. 
They .hou ......... oweI throe ...... In ........ Tho Triton TI __ 
tho .... ht to edit cu .......... no ......... 
of .... e. 1I""t.tlonl or It,l. 
_,--

For ocItorlo~ liN 4IZ-": 'or 
1IIuII_ .nclldvorticom.nto. co1l4lZ-
a.. 

Women's 
Center: 1st 
Anniversary 

by Connie leung-Mills 
UCSO Wo .... n·. Conter 

The UCSD Women's Center has 
been open now since last April 
Since our opening, the Center has 
undergone many changes, not 
only physically but also mentally, 
in our awareness of what the 
Center should be, as we strive to 
work towards that reality . First, a 
little about the initial beginnings 

The Center started when a 
small group of women (alias the 
Women's Center Coa lition, th 
Women's Union, etc .) brail1-
tormed on the possibility of an 

actual women's center. ThiS 
group continued to meet as new 
members and ideas were added 
along the way . The Muir Fishbowl 
became the actual site for the 
Center, and the Center officially 
opened April 5, 1974 with a 
month of women's events. This 
time proved criti cal as a learning 
experience of exactly how to get 
things done within universi ty 
limitations, and also how to 
organize women at UCSD 
together without coopting in-
terpersonal interaction for 
bureaucratic efficiency. Since its 
openi.ng, the Center has grown 
and proved to be successful, 
a lthou gh still st ruggli ng to 
become a true women's center in 
every sense of the word . 

Some of the events happen ing 
this quarter are : Women's Film 
Series on Revelle every Tuesc;iay 
night, Wednesday night women's 
Entertainment series in the 5 and 
Dime Coffeehouse, a women 's 
workshop series on Third every 
Thursday night, ongoing con-

As I drove onto campus late Sunday night, I noticed the presence of sciousness raising groups (in-
a revolving searchlight beacon which appeared to be, from a distance, cluding a group for Chicanos. and 
in the proximity of the Mandeville Center. Closer inspection proved my another group for both women 
guess to be correct-the beacon was indeed located in the driveway of and men), women's groups co-

~he M.andevill~, a~? re.volving with it w~s . a ga~ish sign declaring sponsored by the Counseling 
Premiere Tonight. ThiS aroused. my CUriOSity, since I knew of no -Center's women staff (Including a 

plan.ned event of ~uc~ magnitude sc'he~uled for MandeVille Sisterhood group for black 
AuditOrium, but questioning the woman running the beacon Yielded ) 
no information. I then proceeded to the auditorium entrance, where women . . 
even greater surpri ses awaited me, Next to the entry was a large We are also . cos~onsorlng 
placard declaring " Premiere Tonight - All WeicQme," an'd inside the se~eral speakers including Kate 
lobby were doormen, people in elegant evening attire and more fur ~"Iett/Herbert ~arcus e 
coats on racks than I had ever seen assembled in one place. The doors dialogue , Maureen 0 Connor, 
were locked, however, and no one would pay enough attention to my Holly NE:;:r. Cindy Nemser, etc. 
presence to come to them , Croups of people were leaving in- We invite an~" me who is in-

Continued ~n Page (, continued on Page 3 

John H. Taylor 
Edltor-In-chle' 

Staff um·'ers 
Edward Simons Ella.b.th Chi mont 

Produf{ron Kith, 0 •• 
Mlneglng odltor O_11Mn A ..... LoMIIor • 

St_Ecmodine K.ron Molomud 
BhorIllnH .... flobert McC.1I 

Charles Heirnler .H_oy 'o,.NOIh Cliff HI_h IIIIWlIoOn 
N_.dltor Noney Hoellon 

CherI .. Hyd. Blls;"ess 
Sara J . Lowen 

Croll J.ek .. n Gi8iin aor,., 
GorryK.ntor O.nI.,. Moo,. 

E'dltorlll director Cloronco KIIIt! G_1e VoIvlnllfon Jim Nuckol. 

AnSo6I,or 
Jerry Redlell 

Mark Stadler Ioonlodll 
D ...... ShowIof MIc ..... Ro!IieIuI 

Community editor JI"' ..... _n ............. 
Monlym_ PhotoB.rllphy 

Paul Wagner 
Croll Uellhlo 

'IIftIWoIf cho .... lu 
BpONodltor ,hotoeditor fllcllenlV .. DonIoohok 

KathyCoxe 
a.c ... ,., 

Friday, April 18, 1975 Triton Times Page three 
More Letters 

Open Letter to the Revelle Faculty 
One quality that con tributes to 

make a productive SC ientist. an 
effec tive teacher, or a worthwhile 
bureaucrat, is the abi lity and 
desirp to ask Questions and to try 
to answer them. 

Conversely. the attitude of 
" love It or leave it" is a stifling, 
unproductive state of mind 
towards which the establishment 
tends. It entails less work, less 
creativity, and supposedly 
maintains a more stabl e si tuation . 

It seems that if the point of 
education is t~ crank out people 
who perform with the latter 
attitude. then a surgical lobotomy 
would appear more practical. 
But, if the goal of an educational 
Institution is to stimulate its 
students to tliink, ask questions, 
propose answers, and implement 
them, then the latter attitude is 
inconsistent . 

So. the question we must ask : 
doe~ our sc hool stimu late us to 
Question the status quo? It 

becomps very apparent tha t the 
stimulation which all Revelle 
tudents are r~quired to receive is 

very biased towards realms in 
which the es tablishment has 
nothing to lose. i'his is due to 
instruction not geared towards an 
Inquisitive attitude 

This problem [ou ld be ap-
proached from two directions. 
Either present instruction cou ld 
be improved , or classes could be 
required in which Issues would be 
discussed which necessitate 
questioning. I t seems the most 
immediate practical so lution 
would be to require classes which 
would emphasize questioning our 
actions. whether it be individual 
political. familial , etc . 

Therefore, we are proposing to 
the Revelle facu lty that two 
courses from any discipline be 
required, which confront con-
temporary problems on a rigorous 
in-depth basis . These would be 
proceeded by two courses which 

Myth and Scienceo .. 
Continued from P~ge 2 

Clentific inquiry cannot exist. as Mr Murphy suggests it should. in a 
ph ilosophiC va uum Science is a philosophy of human knowledge, 
, tating probabilities about thp nature of things. based on human 
obsprvations The myth of creation I a statemi>nt of religiOUS dogma, 
not based upon human observation , but upon ellvlne r velation . I t IS 
not open to proof or dl proof by human ob ervation Myth plays a 
va luable rolp In the socio logical and p ycholog lca l structures of man, 
and I~ not to be dismissed lightly To confuse myth and K IPncp, 
howpvpr, can only be a disservice to both . 

NORMAN I . HALL 
ROOM 2012 BSI3 

Women's Center ... 
Continued from Paltl 2 

tprested pither In vol l ,nteering 
their time to ~taff or helpi ng out 
on any of our porgramming 
('vents, groups , pte to contact us 
here and let us know what you are 
interested in doing We are open 
Monday-Friday from 10 to 3 pm 
and are staffed by three work 
,tudy ~tudents and other 
\ olunteers We work not only to 
~ponsor ('vents for wompn but 
also to act as a resource/ referral 
center for information pertinent 
to thp Issues common to wompn 

ror more information about 
where the Center has come from 
to be where we are today , we 
hope you will read our brochures. 
look at our historical display of 
some events that have taken 
place during our first year, and 
visit with people who helped in 
the initial beginnings of thiS 
Center As for where we are 
headed, we hope you will help us 
open up communica tion among 
wom n at thi s university as we 
grow to become Co strong com-
munity of women at UCSD. 

TAHWi: W~S28~OO ~ A~ht on~: t372.00 D 
Only lor UCSD students. facultv staff and their immediate 

lamilies_ Depart LA June 30, return July 13_ 
Includes round trip flight on UTA French Airtlnes 

quality bungalow style accomodations, a dinne'r and 
show, circle island tour .. _ .. 

Con tact : Student Services West Tra,el Office 
UCSD International Center - 452·0630 
HOURS : 11am to 4pm Mon, Wed, Frl 

Boh Woodward 
One of the two Washington Post reporters who broke the 

Watergate story, and co-~uthor 01 the best-seller "All the 
President's ~en," will be spe~king ~t UCSD on 

Tuesday April 22, 8 pm 
In the Mandeville Center AudItorium 

Tickets: $1 for all students 
82 general admission 

Buy tickets al Student Center 00_ olfice rues-Fri 12-4:30 

emphasize theory that would lay 
the foundation to study these 
contemporary issues. 

There are presently courses 
available that wi II fulfill this need 
but which ar_e bypassed by many 

st udent~ Consequently , a 
reemphasis of the curricu lum is 
necessiHy. 

JANE BENING 
CRAIG UCHIDA 
DAVIEL FIELDS 'MR.~SIDENT.. !!' 

The Student Cooperative -An Experiment 
by Lloyd Th~cker 

UCSO Stud.nt AdvocacY Contor 

The UCSD Student ooperative could be 
described in many different ways by many different 
people. However, I think most people would agre 
that the Coop IS an e~periment in human relations 
An analysis of this e~periment (,ust as an analysis of 
any experimpnt) would require a stat d purpose, a 
record of observations and a descriptive con-
clusion . As an individual who has been involved 
with the Cooperative since its inception, I would 
like to offer my analysis of one of the most im-
portant e)(periments ever observed at UCSD - The 
Coop. • 

The idea of the Student Cooperative developed 
in response to Chancellor McElroy's request that a 
group of students devise some plan for or alter-
native to student govprnment at UCSD. This request 
was made after the dissolution of TUSe. The Un-
clergraduate Student Council. During the summer of 
1974 a group of students met regularly to discuss 
such a plan . This group fe lt that a type of structure 
similar to the historical idea of a New England 
Townhouse Democracy might be able to serve the 
follOWing functions . 1) to allocate funds to student 
organizations, 2) to appOint students to campus-
Wide committees, 3) to organize student activities , 
and 4) to serve as a forum where students could 

(>~press concerns and develop positions on campus 
wide issues . A proposal of bylaws clescribing this 

~truc ture and ItS functions was produced by thi 
planning group 

This proposal reflects the concern of the people 
in the group that a structure which could serve 
these functions should directly rpllect the student 
~entlment at UCSD In other words a structure as 
close to being democratic a possible. A name was 
given to this propo ed tructure - the UCSD Student 
Cooperative. I t would have regularly scheduled 
meetings which any student could attend A 
~chool began the experiment changed gears. 

What has happened since September? - The 
oop has pxperienced so many things that it would 

he Impossible to elaborate fully Brief ly, there have 
heen accomplishments' approval of Coop pr0p.0sal ; 
developed student committees and appointed 
members to these committees, has had an average 
attendance of approxima tely 45 people, new 
friend have been made and much learning has 
taken place. There has al 0 been . a lot of 
fru tratlOn. arguments, dl satisfaction. truggle . 
misunderstandings, and alienation However, the 
Coop has continued to function and next wpek the 
,tudent of U SO will decide if they want to 
acknowlpdge the Student .Cooperative as their 
, tudent government 

The 

Now we come to the conclUSion of thiS analysis -
th part which requires a discussion of why what 
happened happened and what the results mean 
These Me my own personal conclUSions . 

The Coop began as a set of very IdealistiC. op-
timistiC ideas and has since experienced a con-
tlnUOU struggle to retain some type of resemblance 
to these original ideas. The nature and develop-
ment of this struggl seems to carry the message 
pxplaining why the Idea of the Coop IS Idealistic 
What I mpan I) that Idealism and optimism acrue 
their significance relative to environmental con-
ditions I t is the environment within which the 
Coop eXists that causes it to struggle to remain 
optimistiC, ambitious , hard working, open . . this is 
the message 

The immediate scholastic and broader social 
environment is neither conducive nor susceptible 
to a direct participatory type of democracy . The 
struggle which the Coop is experiencing reveals 
severallncohabitative conditions , • 

The most obvious constraint to cooperative 
~uccess IS a mass student a ttltud that student 
government IS either a farce or Simply not Im-
portant enough to warrant one's time . This attitude 
IS Vindicated by past social experiences A 
democracy needs interested people. 

I\noth r restrictive factor IS the academiC nature 
of thiS school which (conscIous or not) breeds 
passIvity That IS, most students want to learn but 
th y learn by being taught to by professors and by 
books . UCSD does not POSltlv Iy reinforce students 
to learn by becoming Involved In school activities . 
There are very few classes that offer credit for 
learning about our school and for helping to plan its 
actlvites . So what happens to the optimistic in -
dividual who believes in democracy and wants to 
b com Involved? ThiS person acnflc study time 
to help plan actlvitle and event which affect all or 
part of the student body This person soon learns a 
helluva lot and at the same time becomes 
Irustrated This frustration comes from many 
contradictions : their grades are going down-yet 
they Me learning so much about things which are 
pertinent to their life and education right now; they 
are trYing to understand and plan actiVities which 
affpct one's life-yet makes little headway; cen-
tralized admlni tratlons <Ire bureaucratic and 
r qUire knowledge and organization In order to get 
things donp- thi IS not conducive to coopera tive 
group effort or indiVidual part-time effort 

The results of such frustrations are twofold ' some 
~ tudents quit and becomp apathetic, for others the 
~truggle intenSifies as does the frustration . An 
oligarchy IS developinu- an ellt group of in-

Continued on Page six 

FESTIVAL 
at tAe Del Mar F.jr~roancl. 

Saturday a Sunday, Apri I 26 a 27, 10a.m. to Midnite 

Honk 
plU6 NOVA 

Saturday Nite, Sp.rn. 

at Bin .. H.II 

Flash-· 
Cadillac 
and the CONTINENTAL KIOS 

Sunday Nite, Sp.m. 

Festival Ticlcets '3 per day (' 1 extra for concert)--
Available at all Ticlcetron outlets, Turntable -La Jolla, 

Oasis Records, Isness Reco;ds, Del Mar Sur' Snop, 
O.B. Surf Shop, P. B. Sur' Shop and 

Pure Fun Surfboards 



• 
Trltonnmee Friday, Apri118,l975 

Cottage .. Referendum ••• 
Continued from Pap one 

that had r1eV _r been done," 
notably researcn on limpets and 
starfish from th£ waters off SIO. 

Paul Leveerenz, SIO archivist, 
said T-21 was built ilt a cost of 
Sl600, with a whopping S400 
worth of additions later. 

Continued from ·Pap one 
"most likely" continue to be delegated the 
au thority to allocate the fee money. 

the Campus Activity Fee should be eliminated . 
Each position is presently funded 50 percent by the 
fee, at an annual cost of nearly S-10,OOO. Murphy 
said he was unsure at this time, and would have to 
consult with the Reg Fee Committee on the matter . 

Become Self Sufficient 

"There were <\ lot of termites, 
though ." 

SIO professor emeritus Carl 
Hubbs lived with his wife, Laura 
Hubbs, in T-21 - he called it the 
old Director's House - from 1948 
to 1953. He said his tenure in T-21 
followed that of former Scripps 
directors T. Wayland Vaughn, a 
geologist with a special interest in 
corals, and Harald U. Sverdrup, 
an outstanding oceanographer 
and arctic explorer. 

The rent for a month's stay in T-
21, said Patla, was S12. 

If the students vote to end the mandatory fee 
then all Student organizations, includina the Coop, 
would have- to become self-sufficient. Presently 
only the commercial-typi campus cooperatives, 
such as the Food Coop and the Book Coop, are 
financially independent. 

Student Center Director Mark Bookman, 
responding to the same question in a Wednesday 
interview, said, 'We would definitely continue one 
of the two staff members from Reg Fee money." 
Bookman indicated that the accountant position 
would remain, while the secretary position would 
end with the end of the current fiscal year on June 
30. 

But now T -21, almost 60 years 
old and surrounded by respectful 
wildflowers and cactus, along 
with a collection of wildlife 
(listed by Patla) ranging from 
Oregon Juncos and ten other 
kinds of birds to alligator lizards, 
will let go of its hilltop so people 
can enjoy the view through the 
windows of the new library. 

Murphy was asked what would become of 
Student Organizations Accountant Nora Aust and 
Student Organizations Secretary Sandra Sterling if 

Susan Patla, a marine 
technician in the present and 
outgoing Data Collection and 
Processing Croup, feels the 
building has a value to SIO that 
has been underestimated by 
library planners. "You'd think a 
community of scientists would be 
more careful in these projects 
than a builder." 

"You can be at sea for six 
months, and come back and find 
your whole neighborhood 
changed," she said . 

Patla mentioned a reference to 
the cottages in Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography - First Fifty 
Years, a history by Helen Raitt 
and Deatrice Moulton. The book 
says the buildings were built, in 
Scipps ' early years, because 
"originally a sizable number of 
residential students had been 
expected." 

Editor's Note. 
Continued from Page 2 

Patla also pointed out the 
dedication of the Raitt and 
Moulton book, which quoted 
Roger Revelle, another former 
SIO director whose namesake is 
clear : " ... A university is not great 
because it has elegant 
classrooms, laboratories full of 
equipment, a well-stocked 
library, a business- like ad-
ministration or a winning football 
team .. . " 

" ... a university is the product of 
the ' work and devotion of in-
dividual men and women, and it 
can be great only in so far as it 
can obtain the fullest measure of 
creative accomplishment from 
the men and women who give it 
life and meaning." 

classic case oj not being able to 
pn'flt the whole slory, but 
having 10 judge whelher or not 
a partial release of information 
was justified, or desirable , 
considen'ng Ihe nature of the 

Racism ... 
Contin~d from Pap one 

alliances aren' t so clear . We need 
developing stronger alliances , 
between anti-racist and anti-sexist 
groups." , 

"The power people pit women 
against people of color," she said . 
" They trade-off different groups 

Parent's 
Weekend 

Students caupt unawares 
may be "double taken" today 
by .,.assinl visales which stand 
out from the dail~ flow of 
faculty and students. By 
Saturday and Sunday when 
their numbers ~ul"'ent to full 
swarm, it will be dear to all 
that time has come for 
Reyelle's annual Parents' 
Weekend. 

Last year 360 .,.arents visited 
the campus for a successful 
weekend providing both a look 
at UCSD and a brief f~mily 
reunion. The parents' Council, 
faculty, students and staff 
have lonl been preparinl to 
insure that this year's weekend 
will also be successful. On the 
agenda are a number of tours, 
movies, faculty discussions 
and demonstrations, a 
complementary luncheon, a 
jazz concert •.. something for 
everyone, and then some. 

is the nature of it, or name the 
parties involved in it. Our sources 
are, again, offlhe record. cIrcumstance. We decided that ,.------------, 

II was, then , Ihe rather 
it was, and, frankly , bent over 
backwards to be bland. -ft. 

KeBQ presents 

TICKETS: $5.75 In advlnce' $6 .25 DAY Of SHOW 
Tickets Alllllebit It All Bill G1mble', Men', Stores, 

All Arenl ncht Alenelll, Sport, Areftl ncket OffiCI . 
For Inforllllltion cIII 224-4176. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 
3X1 F, Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Mon.-Sat. 
8:45--5 :30 

Closed Sun. 

233-5481 

Sunday EPISCQP, 
Services In Area 

UCSD EPISCOPALIANS 12:JII.t 
U/liv. Lut ..... n Ch. 
_ La Jolla Shor. Dr. 
Fr. Joaeph Voung ph. CZ.'4 
GOOD SAMARITAN (m_ .t 

Sch.' 
2MO Sed.rblom. Unl ..... lty City 
•• nd 10 • . m . IS.S.· •• II .... ' 
ST. JAME. BV-THE·SEA 
743 Proapec1 St La Jolla 
7:30,' " .•. --.11 .... ' & l' 
ST. PETER'S 
1 P.rtah Lan., Del M.r 
., " •.•. -.11. ,It 11 
·It;~~:'.::i~f''~~...ca:ccT~cr...C!!CCl1XI 

v.C.S.D. 
CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD presents ...... 

JOHN HOUSEMANs _ 
Clrry CaNTER ACTING co. 
in tYlo performances of 

·SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER-
Saturday & Sunday APRIL 26 & 27 8pm 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
UCSD Student "'2&'3 General Admission '40(5 

,~Tickets Available: Student Center Box Office 452,4559 or 452·4090 tt'aw..:· ... r='w..:w~;a: .. :.: .. ;,; .. ~· .. .,; ....... iIi .. :a:· ... .,;wo.:a;w.a;or~...:WD",j~ti:a:a: ~ :..:r .... ~, .• :.D"...,. ... ,.M? ... ? ......... 9. ....... ;e ••• ,. ... ? ... ,.,M,.M2tD!.",..,......" ... 

in hiring and firing-the groups 
don't realize this . The Boston 
outrage can help channel towards 
these alliances ." 

Black Students Union chair-
person Al Zollar related the 
Boston events to charges of 
racism at UCSD. 

"There are two levels of racism 
around here," he said. "In-
stitutional and individual, they 
both co-exist." 

Slave Master Tactic 
"We have a black resident dean 

being transferred because of 
'sexual misconduct.' It's the first 
step in being fired-it's the slave-
master tactic . There are ad-
ministrative processes going 

down to eliminate this man," 
claimed Zollar. 

. "UCSD cops have records on 
blacks who have not committed 
an offense, and blacks are 
harassed day in and day out," 
Zollar continued. 

"We need to come together 
like today and form unified 
coalitions, make our opinions 
known to the administration, and 
we need moral support from 
students-oSCAR should be the 
vanguard against this racism and 
take a stand," ZoIlar concluded . 

The UC San Diego SCAR will 
meet again, April 23, at 4 pm in 
the Student Center's large 
conference room. 

J'~<':-:-~:;':'~':':~:;:':':;:;:-:':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.~.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.: ~~ . - ..... ... ... -.... :~: 

::: Career Possibilities in the Health Field ::: 
Sunday April 20,1975 
9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. 

Basic Science Building, Room 1105 

Optometry, nursing, medical technology, dietetics, medical 
social work, psychology, recre~tiOl\l1l therapy, lenetic ad-
vising, and many others. 
Participation is free. Reservations are required, however, for 
lunch arrang~ments . Lunch is 52.00 Call 452-4170 or 452-3750 
for reservations or information. Deadline for' reservations is 
April 16th. 
Sponsored by: 

!L:.::::~~::~::'.:;;;'~;'~;':':~:';';;.:;';':';':;~:;~:'::;.;'~'.:.:.1 
Side Door Presents 

SHEILS 
8Qd 

CL~RR 
Friday April 18, 9pm 

A Christopher Leanders Production 

PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES 
IN LA JOLLA 

OffERING a.1II~ 
1sf£~ ~I~~ ~r' S . SJ'Sl'£A(s 

COWR PIIOCESSING DAILY BY KODAK 
PENTAX, OLYMPUS,. KONIC4 CAMERAS. LENSES 

LA ... DAIIIUIOOII DEPAllTllDIr 
INCIU .... 

KODAK AND AGFA PHOTO PAPERS 

SALES'SERVICE·TRADES·REPAIR 
DISCOUNT PRICES 

BOB DAV.S CAMERA SHOP 
7717 FAY AVE 

4 •• 73 •• 

Friday. Aprill8, 1975 

Blue Oy~ter Cult is 
Easily Best Rock Band 

by Edward Simons 
M ..... lng Editor 

I think most people have 
already made up their minds 
about a record or musician long 
before reading a review. The only 
thing a review will tell its reader is 
whether or not the musicians 
have technically performed the 
piece correctly . Beyong that, it's 
purely a matter of personal taste. 

Just so we understand each 
other, you see . 

Before we advance from first 
base, I think one should know 
that the Cult, Blue Oyster, is by 
far the best rock band. Buck 
Darhma, the lead guitarist, is 
certainly onf' of the best rock 
guitarists in the business, a priori , 
and we'll not discuss it any 
further . He is backed by four 
other musicians (and I 00 not use' 
the term loosely) just as 
proficient as he. They play ROCK 
music-not this Stevie Wonder, 
Crand Funk, Carpenters, '50s, 
Dylan crap. It is precise, well 
thought-out, sometimes 
thema tic , and always well -
rehearsed . I t just isn't something 
one can sit back and take for 
granted . So, if you don't like 
committed, powerful music, you 
can stop here. 

The Cult's live album, "On Your 
Feet or On Your Knees" held 
everal surprises for me. As a 

general rule, I hate live alOOms. '1 
love "sterile" albums produced in 
a nice, quiet studio without a lot 
of crud in the background . This 
album was one of the few albums 
I've heard recorded live that 
wasn't plagued with musical and 
tpchnica l screwups . Plus, the 
band did a lot of variation and 
Improvisation on their regular 
tunes . 

As I have endeavored to make 
dear, I don't think there's much 
to be aid for sloppy music. You' ll 
find It on one 'l.lt of thi album, 

"M~ 262." It's otherwi se a good 
tune, but the feedback and total 
lack of taste evident in thi s 
recording do it no justice. 

Now for the good points . 
"Buck's Boo~e" starts off with a 

solo riff which lasts about two 
bars and is then joined by the 
other instruments which play a 
series of chords modulated to the 
subdominant of the riff. The other 
instruments pass judgment by 
passing through several other 
intervals before they all resolved 
to the major key whereupon the 
boggie beat takes over. Buck then 
begins to wail away with the full 
a~reement of the bass and rhythm 
and the occasional argument 
of Alan Lanier's ti' steful licks. The 
entire piece is a high-tempo 
number with lots of variations on 
the theme. It ends with a 
satisfyi ng full volume 
recapitulation. 

The cut before " Bucks' Boogie" 
is a number ca lled "Seven 
Screaming Diz Busters" -whatever 
that means. The tune is a paragon 
a~ far as well rf'hearsed music is 
concerned . There's a lot going on 
and it's all where it should be. At 
the end, the lead singer indulges 
in ~ome acapella screaming about 
the devil whom he claims to 
know so well (hat he's able to 
address Him by His first name. 
Further, he elucidates his thesis 
that the devil is going to " take 
you away" or something similar 
and then Buck Dharma does the 
" Descent into Hell" bit on the 
guitar, accompanied by some 
wonderfully syncopated rhythm 
work . 

The final tune I se lect for your 
consideration is the old Clarence 
Carter retread " I Ain't Cot You" . , 
never heard. the original version 
of the song-which is no doubt one 
of tho e dreadfully poor '50s 
arrangement . Probably just as 
well The Cu lt does a good job of 
making it a powerful piece of 
musi , and I doubt it ever 
sounded better 

" he drummer takes the first 
several measures and is later 
,oined by the bassist who is later 
joined by the two rhythm guitars 
who are joined by the lead guitar . 
Layer upon textured layer until 
the lead and the second lead 
perform a peti t eight bar duet . At 

Continued on Page b 

Rrtisans and Craftspeople 
Booth space available for 

The Ocean Festiyal at the Del Mar Fairgrounds, April 26 and 27. 
Inexpensive opportunity to show and sell your wares to thousands. 

Write or call: The Ocean FestiYal, PO BOX 924 
Del Mar, CA 92014 755-9709 

S~I V • .&, STO. _ 
Spring Ski Sale 

All new clothing ond skiis 
ot rock-bottom prices 

7722 FAY AVENUE 
4~4-141 0 

, •• * •••••• * ••••••••• ~****.**** 
: fRidAY NiTE Rick : 

: ~~~a~ ~ 
~ (Q~~cr~a : 
It M.ndevllleAudltorium ':00 75c It 
It .***** •• *** It 
: SATURdAY filM : 
: D~ 1JJJ ~J) !J~ : 
It ~ It 
: JlJJ.u'J:U~J :01 :J~~:J)t'I : It It 
It USB 2722 $1 .00 It 
******.********* •• **********.# 

Triton Times Page five 

Jazz and Soul Week at UCSD 
by Larry Decllel 

MaEcitor 
This week's concert scene' 

is marked by the fact that UC 
San Diego is the recipient of 
some excellent shows. For 
starters, C ·. turday night in the 
UCSD ~('Q the Average 
White Ban'tlC:&I/~ soulful 
sounds to Triton J&d 'y. 

AWB hails from ~cotland 
and by the time they released 

Average While Band 
their second Ip, AWB was 
gaining the reputation of one 
of the best se lf-contained 
oul units in existence . 

Avoiding the soul pitfalls of 
an "Ain't we funky" attitude, 
the band combines the best 
elemf'nts of soul and R&B to 
greatest effect. 

A special bonus to the 
AWB gym concert, is the 
appearance of jazz pianist 
Les McCann. McCann has 
been cited as "the most 
controversial pianist since 
Dave Brubeck." 

After taking Sunday off to 
recuperate from that show, 
Monday finds the Mandeville 
Auditorium hosting one of 
the hottest la Zl groups 

Support- TT 

Advertisers 

Frum tune-ups to complete 
rebuilds 
10 percent Student 
Discount with this caret. 

BIRD ROCK 
FOREIGN 

CAR' 
REPAIR 

5631 La Jolla Blvd. 
La Jolla, Calif. 92037 

Phone 459-4556 

8~ueIAl)E 
W9k 0, WEEk 

Steak Cubes 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

lUtSINE 

Din"., No"". 
Mon TII"r IS· '0 

F,I s.ts." 

Beer and win4! 
s4!r\'ed 

10 Discount ~jth 
U("~D St ..... , ID 

~MPll PAR"" ., 
"<;'1" 111·'1 

') -~ I L .. loll') BI~d • 
-
......... , 

-

around - Supersax. This is a 
west coast unit of long-time 
fame, who are renowned for 
their incredible arrangements 
nf rharlip Parker tunes 
Opening act for the show IS 
Joe Marillo and Equinox. 
There will be two big shows 
that night at 6:30 and 9:00. 

Elsewhere on the town this 
week , for those of you lucky 
enough to have tickets, . is 

Pink Floyd. For the current 
tour, th~y're travelling with 
an incredible load of 4-
channel sound equipment, 
towers, and multiple visual 
effects hardware. Reports are 
that only 14,000 seats were 
sold in the 20,000 seat LA 
Sports Arena just to make 
room for all the equipment ! 

Pink Floyd has the sports 
arena on April 21, and when 
they've c leared out" that 
opens the arena up lor the 
April 24 concert featU ring 
Lynard Skynard , Golden 
Earring, and The Charlie 
Daniels Band. 

Lynard Skynard is one of 
the top-notch new wave of 
Southern Rock grou ps, 

• (I 

speCializing in rock and blues 
music . The band IS led by 
vocalist Ronnif' Van Zant 
and features three guitars. ' 

Colden Earring created 
quite a sensation around here 
on their last .tour From 
Holland, this Intense rock 
group was given a big push 
by The Who (who's gym-
nastic stage presense they 
seem to emulate), and have 

LesMcCann 

been one of those impossible 
to follow opening acts You 
know them best for their big 
hit "Radar Love." 

Elvis Fans take note : KCBQ 
and Spanky's 5aloon have 
imported an act "'ohnnie's 
Tribute to Elvis," starri ng 
Johnny Rusk and his seven 
piece band, for three nights 
April 21 -23 in Spanky 's 
Upsta irs Clubhouse. 

The show is not meant as 
an Elvis rip-off or imi tation, 
but rather, as a tribute to one 
of the kings of contemporary 
music. The show is a 2-hour 
tour de force for a man who 
reportedly has the entire I:lvis 
style down pat, the clipped 

Continued on Page (, 

C"c Sul11lotrdS. Cadlae Knee Botrds . Aloha Racb 
Church' Fins • Hawailn Sandals. Shirts, TlUnb 

Ocean Paeilie . Hang Ten . Board Bags. Air BNsh . Shirts 
Posters. MaglZNS . Wb . T-shirts. Board Cords • Gllss Fins 

Used Botrds . ea. Wheels . SIItt. BM" and • 

J 5~ 
WAX 

complete lint of ' Skateboard aeeellOries 

La Jolla 
SURF SHOP 

2226 A venida de la Playa 
La Jolla, California 

454-4644 
TV;E,8~8VN ;10""8 

1/2 block west 0/ 
La Jolla Shores l,.1arket 

d 

Society for the Preservation of Jazz presents 
the return of 

~W~~~~ 
the hottest jazz group in the world 
playing the music of Charlie Parker 

at UCSD's Mandevlle Center 
2 shows: 6:30 and 9-30 

Also: Joe Marillo with Equinox 
Monday April 21 

Tickets: $3.00 UC~ 
$3.50 General Public 

Tickets available at UCSD Box Office 
For information call 459-6679 

" 



Mand~ille Party .•• 
};:

tinued from Pqe two . 
termittently, sinct' affair appeared to be near its end, and I 
questioned several 0 them, attempting to discover more. They were all 
quite terse, and sirnply mumbled something about old movies and a 
private party, and in fact seemed to be bothered by my queries. 
Continued questio.,ing yielded no further information, and I finally 
left, marvelling at t:'e number of Rolls Royces and Mercedes Benzes in 
the normally quite humble parking lot. 

Triton Tim •• 

NOW and Catholics ... 
Continued from P~.e 1 

So, the problem of COrT'munion 
is secondary to Father Campbell. 
Primary are the " absolutist" 
stands taken by both sides that 
prohibit potentially productive 
"dialogue" from taking place. 

Another primary issue is the 
implications for those who can't 
fend for themselvl's . Campbell 

aid that since Jesus Christ sided 
with the helpless. the Church 

Experiment ..• 

Friday, April 18, 1975 
, 

must al o. And, he added, it often 
doesn't. 

In keeping with this, Campbell 
said he favored a plan whereby 
the Church would help care for 
any child who is not aborted and 
unwanted and not cared for. 

The next morning I inquired at the departments in Mandeville, and 
no one seemed to know ab'out the event. I finally went to the office of 
the Center's manager, and was able to discover that it had been a 
private party for COMBO, a cultural affairs organization . Space had 
been donated for the affair by the University; old films and catering 
had been donated by other groups. Despite the misleadingly open 
placards accompanying the event, it w~s a completely closed affair. 
which had not even been publicized, since it is unlikely that any 
students would be part of so prestigious (and elitist) an organization. 

Continuecf from Pile] other the ego. Result, - more truSlratlon and heated 
CooP meetings. 

This was not the first, and will not be the last, affair of this sort 
connected with Mandeville, which seems to be, among its other uses, 
the University's new tool for connecting with this town's gentry . The 

dividuals who are either special project malors, 
taking few classes or have jobs dealing with student 
activities . This group is beginning to carry the Coop 
and is performing many of its functions. The 
realization of the existence of this elite group turns 
many people off ; they wonder what happened to 
the idea of a democratic student cooperative . 
These people stop coming to the meetings; the elite 
group gets smaller and the Coop is no longer a 
Coop. There seems to be a downward snowballing 
plunge fed by individualism and academic 
restraints . 

I believe that in order for the idealistic plan of 
the experimpnt to be actualized, there must be a 
change in attitudes on the parts of individuals and a 
change in some of the structural aspects of this 
school . Realistically , we can only work for these 
changes by sacrificing some of our ideals and 
realizing the causes of our frustrations. Perhaps we 
ca n begin at both individual and structural level but 
also we should evaluate the formal structure of the 
Coop and make changes which may alleviate ~omp 
of the current problem . 

,opening ceremonies in March witnessed two affairs directed towards 
these same gentry, bath of which were accomplished in the lowest 
taste-the eviction of students from Revelle Cafeteria for the opening 
dinner, and the commandeering of the Art Callery later on. when the 
Visual Arts people were all but bodily thrown out. All of these events 
show a more blatant attempt than is usual towards assuring those with 
money that this University is indeed here to serve them, and not the 
hordes of generally despised students who inhabit it only in passing. 
The administration is sure that there is another Ernest Mandeville out 
there somewhere, and is determined to keep the building that is his 
namesake dangling in front of that potential benefactor's eyes, hinting 
that perhaps equal rewards await. In the meanwhile, the student 
groups that would like to utilize the new auditorium must wait, last in 
line on the priorities list. BLAISE TOBIA 

Coop meetings could ideally perform two func-
tions: 1) to take care of business and 2) social in-
teraction . These two objectives (although not 
necessarily) are contradictory and lead to the 
demise of functionality . Social interation, at least 
the types most of us are familiar with, involves a 
very loose or non~xistent structure . On the other 
hand, business procedures are usually very 
organized and bureaucratic . One function feeds the 
friendliness, considerate aspect of personality. the 

The Coop was and is a very important ex-
penment. It has many large ~ca le socia l 
ramifications . If the Coop IS not recognized by your 
vat , it will reflect your recognition that people and 
yourself· should not truggle in order to afh.'ct 
decisions whi ch affect your lives. Yes. I believe that 
the Coop IS the best structure for student govern-
ment we have had at UCSD - we shouldn't give up 
The struggle is the message~ 

U S.E. Credil I Prosodenl Grlfll L. Nt ....... award. UCSD 
A .. 1dIn1 Psyct"81~1 Dr. Heywood Zeidman Ifld Sammye Anne 
ThOmasson grW>d prize In the fir.1 Spring Keepsl"'es . • fully 
paod vacation In .. IWO 10 Hlw ... Both Solfl'" MIfl"9" Moll FIo<y 
and U.S. E. Manager Jim K'owlg (1eII1o righl) tool< on 

• 

CfJfXJj Gl.Jill 
A __ ..... n .. two .., ........ tM UftItId 
... Of AnIIIIIIw M ...................... l1li111 

" ... ......" inti •• "", .... ..,. 

GBfu B3In~.'- ...... ~' . S&:= ................ ., .. ., ~ 
........ If .......... 11 .. - ~::;:l 

............ .., A~ __ UiIi.._.- =1.,.. ............. _ .. . 
.... " _ ... """' ... . tLlONt .................. .. .. :-:'="": .. 

.... ....., ......... ' 

SEVEN WAYS TO ENTER· 
MANY WAYS TOWIN! 

V.-I your n..t ~.wI StIle EmplOy ... CrIdliC UftIOn oMce 'feu .... 
,...,. FREE one Qt mot. contIIi 10....... The,."..... penon 04 1M 
bdl. ... be '*apped ...... bill ben. In rour n.nt lor .... (Ir,WInCiJ TidllII 
~ • • toIowI 

,..., ,.,..,. ............ U.I .1. er.- 1Jntoft .............. fer. ~ 
..... ,..... lFAEETICKET 
..... ~.--. 2:F REETICMETS 
........ .-... 2 FREE llCKETS 
...,---, f9'IClIN,.,SO - ....... 125 1 FREE TtCKfl 
$250""0" -Dul .... I1 ... sao 2FREE TICKETS 
'50Otmor. - but .... ItlItI.,S IFMETICKETS 
, .... one fret tIcNt for e¥efY ~ 01 $2S) 
..., __ Ift ........ 01,., ................ ~ 
mar. Mlto-itlee Ir\en 125 1 FREE TOfT 
$25 Otmott - ........ 1't. '!O :2 F~£ TICKElS 
MOOftnOtt - tM",,,,,,,75 3FAEETI¢KE1S 
(.., ant tr. *Nt tor .....,."...,.. of S2S) 
,.", ___ U ..... C_.-t_ngP"'long .. _ 
,.,CNr".~and .. cNt ... CItdI) 

e.o.l!IOO , FREE TICKET 
l5QDormot. - bl./t .... "'., S' OI'XI 2 fREE TIQ(ETS 
,' .000Of'mot. - 1M .. flan" ,soc) 3 FREE TICKETS 
(.:lit OI'Wt.loat IOf...rr ~ofS~1 
.............. ,.., .......... 10Nr trlM.,..txMI cMIgOf'Y) 
IWowleoo 1 FREE TICKET 
IS)O 01 men - but .... .,., 11 ,000 2 FREE TtCKETS 
" ,OODormore - r...I .. thlnl'600 3 FREE TICKE1S 
I" one "MIICUI lOt.,..." ITtUIttpte 01 StIOO) 

We "' .. weol trMlt.mngtol'MOJ •• ~ Wour ~ lromyOUf ..... 
or s.w.,.. Md L..-. for you Smptr .. Of bnng we 'fO'# ~ w." 
IYPP'f ~ >MeI1It~ ., ____ Gr" For e r~ --., jUIIIClQI'ne'" 
WI Md WI' do lie '., '"'"". one OIIWN COft¥""'" USE Oftat ~ 10 
'tow See.,. ........... ContetldclMt...,2l till 

Fawrth" pnL_" be h ...... Mil" tn. CIIffMM • ...,..,. won 
T~ cef'MIII ~ lOt .. ~ pnr."", 'fIId on _ 21, '115 s.a:..d 
lind ....... pilot "" ... 1M CIr __ .. eecfI .. encft 0fI0t .. 12 JO P'" AI 

,~ .. ~ .... ~loIlt5~ ....... ,., ..... ..,. ... 
0. .... PNe dr ..... S)O P '" LmI of one pm. '* '**'" (..ouctnt 
IOuI'W'pNe) ..... ,....noI~ ..... USE O.-.\JnleflaIIIoIIIII .... 
"""-_ ....... ...... 

[JJJ ~ ~ University and State Employees Credit Union 
CREO, NION Of SAN DIEGO 

• ~su .."Id,.d S"HI. s.n D'eQo CoMom,. '2110 · :ZG7 ·1131 • $ ,11 Cc' leoe Avenue , san Otego. C.hIOfn,a '21'~ . _--4210 
• UCSO C"mpYs L~rnan Avenu. , I M" .rnltf Ao_o l. loll. C.Mo,nf' 91037 • '5J S620 • 

The Cult ..• 
Continued from Page 5 ' 

the end of the duet, all the in-
struments come in playing ·great. 
thundering chords. The song 
takes off . This piece also includes 
a very good solo with Buck 
Dharma a t the controls I t's only 
about a minute long, and he does 
manage to get quite far from the 
theme, but he doesn't waste it in 
mind less riffs . As the solo ends, 
he and Lanier do the sa me duet 
they did at the beginning and. 
once agai n. we are treated to the 
crashing chords we heard at the 
start. Well arranged 

The Cu lt are something of a 
cu lt group - owing. no doubt. to 
the small number of people who 
enjoy really good ' music played 
well . It is lamentable. They have 
never copped out by ending cl 
~o n g with a fade-out nor do they 
apparently believe in tedious 
repetition. The Blue Oyster Cult is 
quite wtlling to write thematic 
musIc and let the muslc--not the 
words- make 'the poin t. They 
write harmoni ca lly powerful 
music 

This IS why they have uch cl 
small fol lowing. I suppo e It' 
just too ea 'I' to put on some low-
level Safeway music and go to 
~ 1 E'ep 

Concerts ... 

VO( al~ . tht> tage moves, and 
the chamma to whip an 
cluclienc(> into a frenLY 

To /!l't back to UCSD, there 
I~ d IreE' comert here I'd like 
to nwntlon . At Revelle's Ide 
Door. The Phil Gross Band 
Will be on hand Wpdnesday 
"pr tl 2 ~ lor a free show 
\\ htll' It'S thE' first U<. SO 
.Ippearil nu' . l or thl\ 
Iradltlonal loll- ~roup . 
Ihpy'vp lWE'n plckln (In<l 
~lln",n ' MUllne! )an LJll'~O 1(If 
.t numtwr 01 Yl'iH~ now 

IIC \.."h lor .,lIll( '>D ,110\\, 
clfl' ,Ivdll.lbl,' .It Ihl' .,tlld",,1 
( c'ntl'r 1\(1' Olfl( I' 

Friday, April 18, 1975 

• 

Triton Times 

in Southern California alone 

An open letter from Tom Laughlin. 

Billy Jack vs. The Critics 
A CONTEST $25,000.00 Cash-FIrSt Prize. 

Why is it that editors continue to employ critics who are totally out of touch with the 
audiences they are paid to review for? 

Why is it that critics almost consistently condemn the very pictu res that thei r reader 
want to see the most? 

Page seven 

Why is it that critics invariably look down their noses at the" mediocrity "of certain films 
when their readers have overwhelmingly vo~d them the most popular by buying ticket 

at the boxoffice with their hard-earned cash? 
For exampie ... take a look at twenty of the largest grossing pictures of all time. 

Thl'l;mlfathl'r Tltl' Slin~ 
The Smlllll uf :'olu,ir TIll' Exun'i,,1 
Bill .\· .Ia(·\" - I.ll\l'Stur) 
(;onl' "ith tlw Wind Thl'(;radllatt' 

. \ ifllClrt 
Ilur\ur Zlti\a~u 
But .. h ('a,~id) and tltl' Sundanl'C.' hi,1 
Thc'l'en ('onllllandml'nt, 

Thl' I'II~eidun '.\d\ l'nl ure 
.\Iar) l'uIII)in, 
.\nll'ric·an C;ral'fiti 

:'ola ~h 

lIen·lIur 
Firldler on Ih~ Hoof 
:'01 )' Fai r I ~I(I)' 
Thllnrlerball 

'" '(I.' \ ";\ I \I , ..... , t 1 \ .... l' 
Clearly, the audiences loved them,yet many critic hated these pictures, 

Now look at what some of the major critics have voted the Ten Best Pictures of 1974. 
I , ,\mart'ord 
:! ~ .\ntun ia, Portraii 

IIf;l " 'unlan 
:1. 11,,,11,,",,, 
1.('hina'U\\n 
,t ~Th4.' ( ·un' 4.'r,al iun 
'i , Tlwf;u<lratht' r, 

1'.1'1 II 

Archer Will_len New York I'o .• l 
I ,St'rnt'!" trHmu 

.'larriaK'" 
2.Tht· \pprt'nl ;"c· 

!" hi •• "f 
thuld~ Ii fin it 1. 

:1. The"·."It,,, rian 
I.C ·hinaIcH\n 

.-1 , Il urr,\ and Tllntu 
I). Bu",h'r allri Uilli" 

i , ":ilrI, S.,ring" 
(.Jal,anl',., ) 

," . The' ;'Hlfa I h,'r. 
('a rl " 

!J. Tht.· S.·dul'l ion 
ur~l imi 

III. \ "an" :""1 
a lIird 
t \ uj.!u .. I:t' ian) 

j , IA.· P,·lilt, 
Thl'atn' cit· 
It'a n Ilt·nuir 

1'- . Tht, Sl'clu~" iun 
IIf ~Iin,i 

!I. T"t' Phantul11lJf 
!.ilk'rl,' 

III. Tht· Th n ',' 
'.u .. h,,·lt'l'r ... 

1. \ 111:1 rl 'ortl 
:! . :"'ie' l 'Ih', fwm H 
"ii rri;u:t, 

:;. Lmt' ;uul 
\nafl 'h~ 

I. I.at·umh .. ,. I.llfit·n 

\ ' lIl<'t'nl ( 'anb)' :\c\\' York Tim", 
I. Sn·nt'''' fn.IHa 

'I ii rriila.:'t' 
:!. Ch ina't", n 
':. Th,' '1 .. 1 h .. 'r ll nrl 

Ih,' Il'htlr<' 
I. \ IH art'ord 
,·,. Th l.' 1 .. 1",1 Ut.'Iilil 

li, Tilt.' 'Iira):'t'" 
j. lJa ~ tllr'"h!hl 
, .. , 'h'a n ~ln·t.·I'" 
!J , \h l · rH'lt· 

, \~hUn(' 
W. Tilt' ( ' un· 

\ l'r",aliun 

,-I . Thd 'un\t·r ... aliun 
'i. TtH't:tHlfalht.'r , (,,, rl " 
; . Thi4'\t·:-I.i",' t ' , 
... . ( ' 111"01111\\ 11 

I . \ man'unt 
;! , TtwC 'ul1\l'r":ltiun 
.:, Tlu' I'hantum 

lit I ,i lk'rh' 
I. ~Ia\i," .\ 
;f , 1.4. .... , iulun, 

olIO 1\,,, 
fi . t ' him'tll\\ n 

1:t1,..,.,,1' EtK'rt The ( 'hkaVt' Su Il.Tlnte:\ 
1. St't'n,'" from ; 1 

\Iarriultt' 
:!,('hinall"'" 
~ t . 1'hl· .'1111 ht.·r ane! 

I he Irhure 

fi . l'h.· \liraJ,!I.''' j. n:.., fHr~h(ht 
' . 'It'an ~ I rl.'1.":o. 
!I. .", l ' l1 p ' ... 

'~tuint' 
I !I. Thl' ('tm· 

\t'r"'llion 

'j. Tht, ~n!!arl : IIHI 
E,pn' ..... 

.'. Th,· C,.lfal h,'r. ('arl " 
! 1 . I A ' ''n~ 

III. Th,' 1\ i I" 'III" 
IIH.' Itr.1 \ \' 

I. 1):1 ,' fur ~iJ"ht 
~ . Th,' 1",,1 P,'lail 
::. \ mOl n 'unl 
I. Th., ( 'UIl\ ,'r ... al IHn 
-'. 'h·an~ln·d ... 
Ii. ~n.·nt· ... rrunl a 

'I arn"",' 

7, I.:u'umht·. I.lu' il' ll 
... . lIarr~ illul 

Tunlu 
iI. Th,' ""I h"r and 

IIll' Wh" .. , 
111. Wt'chlina! in 

III'HKi 

11,,, "I EIII " t ('hlt'a!!" 01111), X e\\' Chal'l ... ", ( ' ha m ptin Lo:'\ A nJ.,tell.':-' Timl'~ 
1, I..iH·um ... ·. l.ul'iL·n 
:! . Ua~ rur ,"itch' 
:;, ( 'alifurn ia ~p'il 
I. Th,' )1 III h ... and 

I ht· II hllrt· 
:., Thi,''l'" I.ih.,· I ' '" 
ti . ( 'hin:lw\\n 

i . ''''an S' rt't.'h 
... . 11 . lrr~ ;I"d 

T .. nlu 
!I, Thl,( 'un-

\ l'r'atiol1 
I II. \II'fln i't 

I . Chin.lllmn i . l'h4.' P"d(,!ootl"i ' ln 
:!. 1'hl'C 'un ,,'r, .. ' iun .... SIt'nt" rrVOl .. 
::. I)a.' rllr ,\i"hl \I arria~~ 
1. l'ht' f ; ;1 nthlt' r !-to Til" '1'0\\ t' ri"x 
i . Tht' (;udfa l ht.' r . In(t'l"l1u 

Pari II ltl , \ \\ u",au "nel,'r 
fl . Thc ,farall a , \ ' i,'" tht .. lnflurnre 

How many of the above are you just dying to rush out and see i! 
Perhaps no pictures in histol'y have l)I'oved mOI'e unpopulal' with the critics and disu'ibutors than Billy Jack and The Trial of Billy Jack . . . yet by 

sheer audience preference they have become among the most popular of all-time. 
To promote the Spring re-I'elea e of The Trial of Billy Jack ... which broke evel'y boxoffice record in its opening la t Fall .. . we want to unlock th 

stranglehold that critics now hoW over cel'tain people in the motion pictu I'e industt·y. 
We want to hear what people feel about the critics who are supposedly wl'iting for them. 
Who are the critics really writing for? Like the critics, many people running our industry often are out of touch with the Americar audiences for 

whom th.ey are supposed to be making film . They are so unsul'e of how to mal'ket theil' 1)I'oduct that they have Cl' ated their own "Crit ic-Monsters" and 
have made them into super-stars by quoting them in their ads and deSI)erately seeking their favor. 

Yet, the only ones who I'eally pay attention to the CI'itic are othel' cl'itics and the people in OUI' industry, fol' the abov fact ovel'wh lmingly !<ho\\' 
(with the exception of certain Art films) that critics have no impact whatsoever on what films audiences will g9 to se€-. 

In ~n ad to be run next F~y in this p~per, we wit give you details as to how you can win cash 
or other prizes by telling us how you feel about the critics. We will also discuss whether critics look down 

- . 

with contempt upon their readers as well as the Popular vs. the Great theory of dr~matic art . 
Copyright Otll75 allly Jack Enterpn_. Inc 



....... on Iu~ .. et U"'-Wty 
CIIuNII: 

CetMIIc M_ "a", 11M" 111ft 
l.IItIIeNn UtiIIrw¥--1M 
1 ......... 1 ......... _'"" I~w ... a_ ..... 

AIT1IIA UN • CASUALTY wII be 
.............. lion. AorII 11. SeaIIa: ell 
...... ..., ......, for ....... .... 
................ LCIIetIon: U... AItIt1II. 
..... more Info et ea- ............. _ 
MC. WZ11 

'GAY PHONE llna. An out-" tI the 
U.C.I .D. Qey community. Information 

or~_nt tI ta.1 ...... ItllI 

Houaa of helflc Raletiona In Sa ... Part 
Invite all foNIp ....... to their a-' 
__ on "t.. April 11. I pm at the 
ConhI .. _ ...... In ..... Perk. ~n 
ItUdenta .... ; othen .1. A rock bend. 
, ... bbbItt. wi" lie "'tu"" alone with 
d_ prtnaand """'menta. 141111 

Tdtonnm .. 
What's Happening 

A ... ofMuIr ........... .... 
...... tMIr C ... I1I1 .. y .. """" 
........................... 
outIIde the Muir PnMIaI 0fII0e. ...... 
....... your .. _ .. onthla .... wat 

ATTINTION MUlti ....... ca ......... 
Cendld.taa: ContMt .... W_ In 
MuIr ~ Offtoe to en-.. an 
.... tntment for your ..... .,..,.. 
C ..... and to fila YCMI Canlllduy Card. 
l412li 

The .... 'Chemlalry Clinic Ie ...... 
for ____ C_ on In lun-frl. R_ 
~ •• IMulr .,. CMaII door or dM 
.. hou ... 141211 
IWdInta. PaI1IcIpata In MIeotIon of a 
... OAIIS DtrRtor. ltuclantl win 
Intantlew .......... on T.... 4/11. 
Thura 4117. Monday 4121 and Wad 41D 
It 4:GO pm In the atudantI cantar 

c~room. 14/MI 

UCID D.portm.nt of Economici 
Saml .. r Fri ~I 1 •• ,. pm HIL 1Z1t. 
Prof. Roy RIel_ UC laItIetey "A 
NONCONCAYfTY IN THE VALUE Of 
INfORMAnON" (41111 

The UCBD Poetry Joumal II now N' 
....................... lei aeooncI 
...... ............. ",I.I.nato dINe 

~ land to .................. co.-
c.-..,.... ...... be ............ . 
DeMIlle: AINIID. I4/ZI) 

.ULLOCK" DlPAllTMIIIT STORIS 
_be ............. "" ..... 
bIICutIw T,........ ..,.,.,.... ..... 
............... tIWnIne ......... tt. 
loll .... 0 ................. to --.,. 
poaItIona. Looetion: .. CoIf. Iaeka: any 
.......................... aM Info 
otCa_' ............ MC ...... 

....., AI-. ,.,. .......... YOUr 
wort thIa ...... and SUPPOrt your 
Unclarwrad. Art Gallery attend Un-
darwrad. Artietl Union rnaetIntI Mon. 
4I211tuclant Canter Lou,," 4.141211 

Poll 'cl Studlnt Union Mo.tlng 
Itudant C.ntlr Conflrinci Room 
(upatalra) Mon 4:00. All rMlora ........ 
como. (41211 

ea...ua CruaHo for Chrilt . ~ 
*""" 7. '"'" WIncIHr C_mona In ga. 0 • .._._141., 

April». IVIM .. Of MUSIC FOR 
CILLO • ftWIK) • Robert MIItItI. Gallo. 
......,. 1cIIo .... rman. ....no. Wortla 
by .ooh. 0dIencI ...... ovan. M...,., 
.,.,,_ .. PIlI. Recital Hall. Man-
dovIIIo Center 141111 
4th etudantI looking for • ca,..,7 
Attend a brown beg lunc" dIIIuHIon 
with Ruth Valleau. modIcal Iliustrator.1 
Mon.-y 4121 In the Student Cnt. ga_ 
confaranca room. Lunch provided. 
(41211 

UR.AN It RURAL STUDIES LECTURE. 
fri. April 114:00 pm. 1. HBI. VICENTE 
NAVARRO. from The Johns H_IM 
UnhraraIty. will ..... on .. ltOLmca OF 
HEALTH CARE IN DEVELO'ING 
COUNTRIEI." fraa Ind ...... to tho 
pUblic. (4/111 

Friday, April 1', 1975 

Moncley Lunch MowIII: 4121 • "The C.S 
IfIIn Story." narrated by Dr. Robt. • . 
UwI ..... _. 11 It 12 _ In H .. ZDI. 
(41111 
PHILOIOPHY COUOQUIUM. frl_y • 
J:tO pm. ~ltL 1110. Dr. Ronald Klrtby. 
''The ......... ~tIon of the Mind." 
...... 

Aim · "n. HIetory .ook" . on hIatory 
of ...... '" • I ............ "'. lunellly • 
7:J1 pm. US. ZJ2Z. ........ by: 
ChI ....... TI_14/111 

Alftl "8ALLAH" with TOPOL. UI. azz 
7:J1pm -':..-rad by UJ . . .... . 

Lactu,.: .ob W~rd . W ..... Poet 
reporter who broil. Wa..,... story 
T-. Apr. zn 111ft. MlndIvIl.etr. AM. 
(41211 
WOMEN'S fiLM SERIEI: ahorts by 
Joyc. W .... nd. • pm. Rovel.. Caf. 
Tu""y. fRlE to III. 141211 

Sunday. April 211. 1171.1:00 am · 1:00 pm 
Ga".., Adultorlum • Room ".. • •• 
"Ca,.., 'OIIIbllltIaa In the Haefth 
Field" (4/11) 

--------Advertisements for Ourselves--------"-'------. 

T.I . • R.. Calculltor. ,..... condition 
.100.00 or beet off .... Leev. ~g •• t 
...... 14/111 

'IZ COlVlllr • good condition t3OO. 715-
3IIID ev.nlnp. 14/211 

lrand new I track tapa pllyer on .. Ie. 
Contact NWlchukwu. 221 Clbrilio HIli 
or 412 ..... 14/211 

• lulck Electra. flna condo Ilr condo 
plua .. trel. Mike off.r. Ed 412-1322. 
14/211 

Tannls raquet · Wilson T-2IIIOO; U /I M; 
Victor Implrlal Gut; Great ahapa • • 
at .. 1 It QII. 7II-IIZ3 ev.... ..rtv 1m. 
141111 

Tennla Rlquet · Wilson T-2IIIOO; U/I M; 
Victor Imperfll Gut; Grllt shapa • I 
atlliit QII. ,... _ .. .. rly 1m. (4 /111 
FREEl F.male kitty. 413-.. (4/211 
Humanlc Ski boots. ladl .. "v.ry good 
condo .211 Dina It 412-1211 Or 1-12 
T_Vl(41111 

2 tick'" for Averagl Whltl lind 
.. .IODlva41213Z2 (41111 

Ona twin bed. good condition. ta.OO 
411·_14/211 

Hlng·gllder 11 ft. . ham_. toola t270 • 
• __ 114/211 

1171 ,Honda IGO 4-cyllnd.r. Fraaway 
"-. Konl lhockl. cuetorn .. hauet. 
IXClllint condition. Good tran. 
aportetlon. 711-3111 • 8.n (4111) 
Sick..... ..Ie 121 AWl ticket. kill' 
calling 711-e11D (4/111 

Tuba.4-vI""'. good condition. w/ca .... 
.300 or beat offer (up or d_nl. Charlll: 
412-1731 (4(211 

1I02E book. n_. Dropped c .... but 100t 
bookltore racllpt. LeeVI m_1II for 
KrII: 412-44,. days. 412-1. nigh". 
(41111 

1m Honda SL·100 new top and Ind 
battery, .xcllient cond .. 21IlOO mI. t3OO. 
412·IIS72. Stev • . (4/111 

Vlmlha 1m "310" good condition. good 
tim. N_ tune up Ind clutch .... __ 
3172. (4 /1., 

Must s.1I .I.ctrlc pottlrs wh .... 
Shlmpo 21&.00 - __ 2015. (p4/211 

12 Vigi Pinel m 1/. Must a.1I .2300 • 
CIII lob It 462-1106. (4 231 

Convlrtabll 1 • • Dodg. Dirt GT. AI C 
Ind III Ixtral . • 710 Dr S ..... oeklt V.A. 
X3a or ,...110. (",1/., 

Two Hllth·Klt J. lI'n Spaek.,.. 10' 
woof.r. 'two 3" w ldl· d l.p.rslon 
tw .. t.,.. mahollln, cablnatl. MII.lb .. t 
off.r. 4I1-IGt/Pat. ("11' 

FACTORY lAKED AUTO PAINTING 
10DY AND FENDER REPAIRING 
- PEARL STREET 

LA CAUf. 12IIIIJ7 -'211'11 

Anna . Wall. hera's your vary own 
paraonal. not too kooky. to tha girl with 
the dlVlatltlng Imll • . Glnlllr (41111 

Whoevlr borrowed Mlk .. " Rllk" earna 
from mi. ",.... r.tum It. I'm going to 
have to buy a new _ If you don'tl 
Thanks · Sam (F-7'I1 (41111 
Rlndy (w/tha -13 wht Ilta apyderl . I 
stili wlnt tha bumper tlPI. but I lost 
yOUr phone no. Jim (a red alfll 412-
.,., (41111 

Annabeth. Thankyou for uplifting my 
aplrlt Ind wlrmlng my haart. Vou Ir. 
living proof that tha Unl_ will .tOp 
for the most perfect of lov ... F.S . (4/111 
Erin Miracle . Are you hung up117 
Francl. Vlnc.nt Zappa (4/1., 
W. Churchill: Though you can be I lilly 
_ It tim". I mUlt Idmlt you do have • 
nlca ona. 1411., 

Ara you dl ... tllfled with your soelal 
IIf.L.S.C.O.P.E. can help you. Datalls 
soon (411., 

HIPPY I· day. Gin. Thanks for III the 
good mamorl ... From YOU VeIv .... n 
Rabblt. .. D.v • . (41111 

Happy 11th birthday Kevin. Lov. tha 4th 
floor girls. P.S. HOPI yOU liked YOU 
cak., (4/111 
Surf Nazis bewl,.. (Wlnda_ crowd 
controll (41111 
Leenn • Happy nlnatllnth • Doug .nd 
Joy (4/111 
.. Ari .. 1r' . HIPPY birthday beautiful. 
Hava I g,..t Plrtyl I' ll bring YI back 
soma .now .nd maybe ev.n I Prlllllt. 
If you·r. goodl . " Grey S .. I" (4111) 

Stev.n Low · YOU'VI hit the 2nd deced. 
liready. XX y .. ra. Hlv. I good oMI 
Triton differentiated Aztec. 14/1., 

To the Gllkeln K-2 ... you·ra .tlil doing 
thing. that I gav. up y .. ,. Igo. Lou 
RIId (41111 
Mart{ . you·r. OK. avan though you .r. 
Catholic (.uch I dNI10 (4/1., 
Jill. II sotted you' re not. but ETOH 
you·v. now got. Happy 21.t. (4/1., 

W.ndy of Argo" lob's the ona with 
the gle .... . Archl.·. the one with the 
b .. rd. (4/111 
Milt. Ind OM mora thing you can do 
with your Ild.hyd.. .nd 
keton ...... (4/1., 

My IIttl. Stonar . It'. b .. n gr .. t thea. 
pa.t f_ montha. Vou .r. so bite hen · 1 
lov. you vary much. lady POI.um 
(4/1., 
Congra .. to.1I you .. in\lul for b.lng the 
belt Intr.mural .OCClr t .. m. I dig your 
gOlIl • . Fan 14/111 

Scotty. have In lIPecl.lly happyblr· 
thday. bacauaa you·r. I Vlry apaclal 
paraon. A SlCr.t Idmlr.r. (4/1., 

t..m How·-nor wlNt .. ro rMtlf 
C,.... the life YOU_nt. 

Tru •• ducatlon II f~ within 
SCIENCE OF MIND . 
SUNDA YS "A.M. 
,., WINDSOR 

CARDIFF 8Y THE SEA 
"Ap",2D: You h.., •• N 
rIt. """, you naad . .. 

Scotty. HIPPY birthday from .11 of uII 
W.lov. you. VII. Jill. Vicki. Mlk •• Andy 
(4/11) 

----_I 
Toklldo or 8udo .rand Klrata GI. Siz. 
No. I . lobby ~. (p4"11 
NIId • good Job on campusl " Lectura 
Not .... . . new '"It stu org need •• 110. 
Chem. " Phyalc. grad .tudanfa (or 
upper dlvl.lon .tu·. w/goodgradlll to 
taka notal for 1_lr dlv. c ....... GOod 
Plyl Call Kiti. Ifter 1 pm 434-1317 (4/11) 
W. need a rlda Tullday •• 1:. to the 
Aquatic C.ntlr for wlterakllng c ..... 
• tartlng 4/22. Aft.r 7 .. Marla 412-1314 or 
Liz 412·1471 (4/111 
I need I rid. ev.ry MondlY to WI"" 
Ikllng c ..... 8ac:. 34. CIII Ifter IS pm . 
Stev.,..7121 (4/111 

11 • 14 or larear PHOTOGRAPHIC 
PRINT DRYER . Michael It 7I5-.a7 
(411., 

Stud.ntl int.r •• t.d In w •• kly 
dlacu,,'ng what God's Word "VI to 
.. ch parson. No .xparalnc. noI_ry. 
Contact Dennis McFlddln 412-_ 
(4/11S1 
NIId rid. to loston . lI.t c_t aftlr 
June 11S. Will .hara illS, driving atc. 713-
.,., Andy (41111 
Wlnted mile co-drlv.r IlIvlng M.y 
12th vi. FIIgstlff. Albuqulrqu • • 
O.nver. YortI·Nabr. Mlnneapoll •. 7~ 
30311 (p4/111 

NIId riders to Santa Cruz April 11 "" 
~g. for John It lIi-UJI. (4/111 

[ I 
Wentad . 3 bedroom hou .. In P.I. Ir •. 
RNdy to move In . MlY or June. Pet. 
mu.t b. ICCaptad. t2IIO-3OO rangl. 412-
1714. C.II .ft.r 10:00. (4/1., 
Mal. from MlY 1 to the end of tha 
qUlrt.r. WI'II taka dog. . If they·r. 
f.mll • . Rlnt I. 17.10 plus utlllti ... 4154-
5071 . (4 /1., 

W. (3 guys Ind 1 glrll have a room for 
rant In Iollna Illch .. , month. If 
int.r ... ed .... (4/11) 
Famll. room mat. needed to shara 
furnllhed l-bedroom .pt. IS mil.. to 
UCSD. own room, .. utility Included. 
27O-OG5 or x2IOO J.nlc. (4/111 
2 M or F houllmat .. to .hlr. 3 blr Mira 
M... hou.. . Furnlshld '.Clpt 
bedroom •. Wishar. dry.r .t.,.o atc. 
MII/mo. plu. Util __ ~ (p4/111 

Condominium for rant. Room for U 
Plople. two car eara8l. patio. 2% beth. 
fumlshed. AVIIIabIe Juna 1 .... pt 11S. 
Shelby 412'- 115/21 

HOUSE AND DUPLEX FOR RENT 
l .. utlful3 bedroom 2 bath hou .. , 1110 
3 bedroom 2 bath dupl... 80th In 
Plclflc Illch CIOiI to MY IS and La 
JollI...,.. (p4/231 

Don't Think Abortion 
Alternatives are Available 

S.D. PRO UFE LEAGUE 
583-5433 

Also free speaker, 
and study room 

Raeent collegl graduat.. flmal.. 22 
looking for room 10 hou.. or IPlrt· 
m.nt. Call Diana: Dly-42O-&121. Night 
422'-. (p4/111 
.. REWARD Looking for 3-1 Idl. 
houll In 0.1 Mlr for tha next .chool 
Yllr. If have .cc_ to .uch • h_ • . 
'tevl4I2-1144 (4/211 

NIId roommata. old.r f.m.l. praf.rred. 
for own .71 room in 0.1 M.r 715-1423. 
(411., 

For rent: A beautiful. larlll room 
ov.rlooklng tha oe .. n In 011 Mlr hou ••. 
Sound fir out1 It I • . 711-1123 for Info. 
(4 /211 

2 Hou •• mlt .. , M or F. own room tIC) 
'Ich. Includ.s utI! . C.bl. TV . 
N_sPlpa,.. T.I.phon • . Cllir.mont . 
lig Ylrd. Qui.t, lu •. Shopping. 3 Mo • . 
Min. Aft.r IS. 27I5-GIIIO A.k for Rlndy. 
(4/211 

services 
TYPING .. MARILYN wouJd nka to typa 
your pap.r. thall., .tc. Sha is .x· 
parl.nced on .11 typn of pap.,.. flit. 
r ... onabl •• nd he. a correcting 18M . 
Plea .. cIII her It __ 7UIO. (p4/1., 

LEARN TO FLY · l-.at ra ... In S.D. 
lrea. L .. m with .n EXPERIENCED 
INSTRUCTOR. not • moon lighting 
glldar pilot. Mlrt Banzhof 224-0171. 
(4/211 

WEEDS PULLED. ground ct .. rad Ind 
cultivated for VEGETA8LE GARDENS. 
ExPert prunlne and trimming of ahrub!l. 
had ..... Ind t,.. • . Digging. AI 277·_ 
(4/111 

HAIRCUT. on clmpus by I 
profwalonal. "/cut. Call Mlrgl. 412-
.. on Ith fI_ TiOga. H .. 14/111 

SELf· KNOWLEDGE " SELF· 
ACCEPTANCE CREATE A LIfE OF 
LOVE It JOY. NO ONE IUT YOURSELF 
CAN PREVENT THIS. LEARN HOW· 
NOT WHAT·To.THINK. SCIENCE OF 
MIND SUN 11 AM 1401 WINDSOR . 
CARDifF 4153·1112. 713-4121 Infor. 
(p4/11) 

" TVPING by formlr ••• cutlv. 
IICratary. 11M. tlrm Plpa,., .tc. 
Ouallty wort{. Rancho I.rnardo. Mra. 
W .. tC-12D1." (pC"., 

RESEARCH AIDE • Clnada·. larllllt 
"Nlcl. For citalogul I.nd t2 to: E ... y 
SaNlc... 17 'padlna Av... No. •• 
Toronto, Canada. Campus rapr_n· 
tatlv .. required. PI .... wrltl. (pl/lI 

Flute L ... o", . CII.sica' In.tructlon by 
•• p.rl.nced fluti.t. _-I07e. (4/111 

Automotlv. r.palr. Tune UPI. I,.k ... 
lube Ind 011. Good Wort{. Low Prlc • . 
Mike. 412·1112 14/1., 

" LET OUR FINGE"S DO YOUR 
TYPING'" DOCTORATE . ... MANU 
SCRIPTS .. . THESII. 
11M SIIIC\nC " Correcting Typewrltor. 
Numberou. Typ... Cempu. plck·up. 
DOUlLE· D A.SOCIATE. 224·"31 . 
(p4/111 

SCHOOL OF ASTaOLOGY 
, ...... c,... IDecrratC) 
".,""'_ AND AOVANCa. 
CLAIIII IN CALCUUTION 
AND INTI_nATION CW __ 0 

CALL 1'011 Molle "' __ TION 

2CJ7~3S 

Tutoring · English writing Ind rlldlng 
akills. Editing P.pa,.. dl_rtatlons. 
Und.rgrld Ind gradultl . levll. Il1O-
521 • . (p4/ 11) 

Nead • Plrt tlml .ecr.tary for your 
busln .. s or typist for your reports? 
Prof ••• 'onal. qUllity work. 2I1-12III. 
(p4/211 

ATTENTION I I.ginnar? Int.rmedlat.1 
Adv.nc.d7 Enjoy tlnnl. from I tour· 
nam.nt prof ••• lonal. Hlif prlc. for 1st 
I_on · " .00 hour. Jon Grout "'114. 
1p4/111 

Ilost & found I 
Lost: Gold bracll.t wrl.twatch. Rev.1I1 
Piazi Danc. 4/11 Klthy 462·1207 or turn 
It In .t R .. ldant D .. n·s offlc. on Mllir. 
(4/111 
LOST: Soccer lhon (bllck with whit. 
.trlpaal. on the Muir field. south 
diamond. thll past wllk.nd. 431-1431. 
14/111 

Sev.ral Itoms found .fter tha III 
campus danc. on Friday night. 4/11 . ar. 
.t tha Student Cant.r Front DIIk. 
Identify to cilim. 141111 

Lost: On. navy blu. It whltl rugby 
ahlrt Siz. M .... 7072 VickI. 14/111 

travel 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
ISRAEL. ORIENT. L_ prlCM- long and 
.hort flight. . lImlt.d spac • . 
PROFESSION. INTERNAnONAL 1. 
W .. twood .""d. LA.1OD4 (2111171-1121 
." 477·1112 (1/11 

SSW Travll Offic. . ON CAMPUS· 
EUROPE. NV. It ORIENT CHARTERS. 
Int'l Student 10, Eurall. Hoatal Carda, 
Tripping MIglzlne. .tc. UC.D In-
ternational Cant.r 412-0130 111m'" pm 
M.W.F. ONLY Clo.ld T,JlI • . Thur • . 
(plIII 

EUROPE· ISREAL·AFRICA Stud.nt 
flights YOlr round. Contact: 
ISCA -
11117 San Vic.nt. Ilvd. No.4 
L.A. Calif . ..,. 
TII : (2131~.""'("/.' 

EUROPE· ISRAEL·AFRICA·ORIENT Low 
COlt fll.ht.. tou,.. tha whole ltudent 
bit. At our offiCI over 2IDO FREE non· 
com.relll pamphletl. brochum ... blg 
buckl .. vlng. EITC 110 W. Sixth. 'ult. 
111 LA. Il1014 12111823-2121 1"/11 

MOROCCAN .AFARI clmplng trip thl. 
summ.r. Smlll group. Llv. with 
vttlleara. 4 _ka. t271. Writ. Kim 
Kaelrl 21GA No. V.lley St. .1rt{1I1Y 
Calif. M702 (p41211 

SOUTH AMERICA It GALAPAGOS 
ISU.2 ... Month E~. 1_·cOlt 
Irochurl : NEWWORLD 
EDUCATIONAL TAl ... PO 80X 2111 
"linn. Ca . .." (p4/11) 
JUNE EUROPEAN TRIP: Tran· 
aportltlon. hotall. .I ........ ng. 10m. 
mills lnoludad. 22 day.. .Irgln ot 
.1 • . KlVln. atm..,.. (pC/., 


