
-------------- POLITICS: James G. Soto 

Gov. Brown and the Old Year 
Ronald Reagan is out, Jerry Brown is in, and the criticism that 

Brown is goina to be like his father and spend vast sums of money is 
not supported by the initial actions of the young Governor. It may 
be that the relative austerity of the Reagan administration will be 
continued though with a different approach. 

In his inaugural speech on Monday, Governor Brown pledged to 
provide honest and effective government. He said his major con-
cern is that the people of the state and the nation have lost their 
confidence in government and added that the only message from 
the voters in November was a vote of no confidence. 

Brown's prime target for the 
first months of hi' ad-
ministration will be the 
reduction of unemployment, 
and he said that he wi II issue an 
executive order in a few days 
instructing all departments to 
seek as many federal dollars as 
possible for the creation of jobs. 

The new governor called 
upon the state to cut through 
the environmental and lands use 
laws to stimulate needed 
construction . (Here in San 
Diego, 25 percent of the 
unemployed are in the con-
struction industry.) GoverNor Brown 

Brown said that he will support legislation treating farm workers 
on an equal footing with the rest of the labor force. He also called 
for the end of special deductions allowed to insurance companies 

and an end to the oil depletion allowance. 
Brown still maintains his pledge not to move into the new 

governor's mansion and has rented a two-room suite near the 
capito\. Brown announced in December that he will use publiC' 
transportation rather than the official gubernatorial jet. Most of the 
seven percent cut he has promised in the operating budget of his 
office will come from the elimination of the jet. 

Brown, in keeping with the apparent austerity of his ad-
ministration, didn't have the traditional inaugural ball, but rather 
held a small dinner with his close supporters ~nd some reporters . 
This was in contrast to the big bash thrown by Mervyn Dymally, who 
had an inaugural ball with all the trappings, including an in-
troduction by the former Lieutenant Governor john Harmer, his 
opponent in November. 

• • • 

Though the inauguration of Brown, Dymally, and company has 
attracted a lion 's share of attention, there were a few activities of 
political interest last month . 

The month of December is traditionally about as political as 
alligator shoes were before the quality of life, pollution, and 
ecology became issues people were will ing to make a fuss about. 
The man with all the toys has always been a registered independent, 
and the game of football had been considered non-partisan (until 
our former president decided to make Vince Lombardi and George 
Allen the patron saints of the Grand Old Party.) 

However, because of such irregularities as Watergate, the 25th 
Amendment, and the abnormal November elections, the past 
month has been declared as one in which the pillars of tradition 
have been thrown aside and a proclamation made atesting to the 

Continued on Pilge 3 

times 
Volume 24, Number 2 UCSD Wednesday, January 8, 1975 

MCC Has 
Four New 
Committees 

The Muir College CounCIl 
(MCC) has suggested the for-
mation of four ild hoc com-
mittees to investigate some of (he 
academic problems Involving 
Muir College and the UniverSIty 
The action was taken at a dinner 
meeting Monday in the Man-
deville Center . 

Two of the committees will 
study the quarter system at UCSD 
and its alternatives . Another 
committee will investigate the 
possibility of initiating more 
undergraduate program s and 
special pro jects. In addition 
general education requirements 
at Muir will be studied by a 
committee of faculty and 
students , which would suggest 
replacement programs. 

At the Monday meetIng , 
faculty and student represen-
titives 01 the council met WIth 
Provost john Stewart, Associate 
Provost Pat ledden , Assistant 
Provost Paul Chapin , and vice-
chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Paul Saltman to discuss the Issue 
raised by the council 

All the committees will report 
back to the MCC after theIr in -
vestigations 

University Town Center Is 
Before City Council Today 

Mayfair is the Highest, 
Fedmart the Cheapest 

by Chilrles Heimler 
The San Diego City Planning 

Commission will consider the 
proposed University Town Center 
at 2 p.m. this afternoon in the city 
council chambers, 12th floor of 
the Community Concourse 
complex. 

The brainchild of developer 
Ernest Hahn , the center is 
planned for the northwest corner 
of la jolla Village Dr. and 
GenesS'ee Avenue . If approved, 
the center would begin operation 
this summer. 

Plans call for the building of 60 
shops, 3 major department stores, 
and 300 units of high-rent housing 
for the 106 acres east of the UCSD 
campus. 

The center is being built to 
erve the interest of the UCSD, 

according to the· Un iversity's 
general plan . However, the 
Environmental Impact Report 
(EIR) compiled by the city defines 
the center as a regional, not local, 
shopping center. 

Enterprise 
Headed at 
S. Vietnam 

WASHINGTON (UPI) 
President Ford has been watching 
with concern as reports increase 
of stepped-up fighting in South 
Vietnam, but White House press 
secretary Ron Nessen says Ford 
has no intention of violating a 
1973 law passed by Congress that 
bans all American military ac-
tIvity in Vietnam . The South 
Vietnamese suffered a major 
defeat yesterday when tank-led 
Communist troops completed the 
capture of Phooc long Province. 

Within hours of the fall of the 
province capital at Phooc Blnh, 

~ources told United Press In-
terniltional that a U.S. Navy task 

Continued on Pille J 

Controversy has surrounded 
the center for the past two years . 
Some members of the UCSD 
community have opposed the 
center, arguing that the air 
pollution, congestion, and traffic 
it would bring would hamper the 
current campus environment . 

Opponents also cite the fact 
that the center would be in direct 
flight path of Miramar Naval Air 
Station, and would be subject to 
the racket of passing jets and a 
high crash probability. 

Univers lty Town Center 
Associates, the partnership 
seeking to develop the center, is 
petitioning the city to change the 
zoning of the acres from 
residential to commercial zoning. 
The zone change is the first step 

For Hitch Replacement 

towards dev~loping the property. 
Opponents see the center as 

the first move to develop another 
600 acres of land surrounding the 
center. That land is owned by 
Penasquitos, Inc., of which Ernest 
Hahn is a major owner. 

The center being presented 
today is a scaled down version of 
Hahn's original venture, which 
was rejected by the city. That 
original plan called for over 100 
shops, 5 major department stores 
and twice the housing. 

Opponents of the center 
believe a strong showing by 
UCSD community members 
today will help delay a"d defeat 
the center proposal in favor of a 
more community oriented 
development. 

Regents Pick Criteria 
The UC Regents have released a set of criteria that they will use to 

find a replacement for President Hitch, who announced last year that 
he will retire this june. • 

A search committee of seven Regents is presently at . ork finding 
candidates. 

The text of the issued ' tatement follows : 
"The President.. .. must have distinguished intellectual stature, 

commanding the respect of the academic world . He or she should 
know and believe in the purposes of a university, understand and be 
sensitive to student needs and interests, and prize excellence in 
teaching, research and public service. Notable personal experience in 
teaching and scholarship is very desirable. The President must be 
dedicated to academic freedom and the values of diversity, and to 
fulfillment of the University's obligations to the society which supports 
it . 

"The quality and complexity of the University of California demand 
a President who can provide cohesive and forward-looking leadership. 
The President must have the experience and ability to develop and 
Implement long-range plans and policie , to administer the affairs of a 
large institution efficiently and effectively, and to encourage an at-
mospher which attract and retain cholar and administrators of 
distinction 

"The Univer ity i a multicampu , multifunction, publicly-supported 
institution WIth many different con tltuen cies The Pr ident mu t be 
able to work imaginatively and con tru tively with all of th m and be 
willing to conSIder divergent opinIons and a t de isively wh n all hav 
been heard. The President must po e integrtty and be convin Ing 
dnd articulate in setting forth the purpo~ and need of the Univer Ity. 
A chief eXf>cutive, the Pr(' id('nt mll~t b(' effE'ctlVl' In r('pr(' entlng th(' 
In t,tutlon at a WIde vanety 01 publlt o(.(.rl\lom 

"Finally, the PrE'~ick>nt tnll t havE' thf' I~mp€famt'nt and thE' 
for this demanding posItIon " 

FedMart continues to be the 
lowest priced supermarket in 
San Diego, according to the 
results of the latest CALPIRG 
food price survey, released last 
week . 

Continuing the highest priced 
status it established in August's 
survey is Mayfa ir. That chain, 
which stood at 14.5 percent 
higher than FedMart in the fir t 
CAlPIRC survey, is now 8.1 
percent higher, said Gail 
Hillebrand, coordinator of the 
survey. 

Meat prices, which showed 
little change in the four months 
since the previous survey, are 18 

percent lower than a year ago 
when they reached their ali-t Im 
high . 

Potato prices, which had 
soared to an average of $1.79 for 
a ten pound bag, dropped down 
to $.69, the lowest level si nce 
CAlPIRG began ItS surve s. 
Sugar, on the other hand, has 
soared 60 percent In the four 
months between surveys , the 
rise over the past year is from 
$.69 to $2.53, an increase of 
over 26 percent for a five pound 
bag. 

t-Ion-foods (uch as soaps, 
detergents, and other non-
consumables) rose 21 percent 
since November, 1973 and have 
climbed 3 percent over the last 
four months. The largest in-
creases over the past year have 
been in the categories of taples 
(principally because of an in-
crease in sugar prices), bakery 
and cereals, and miscellaneous 
prepared foods (such as canned 
meats and oups and packaged 
cookies) . Each ha increased 
over 30 percent in the last year 
and a half. 

Prices Not Only Criterion 
Hillebrand noted that pnce 

shou ld not be the only criterion 
for determining where to hop. 
" Factors such as brand elec-

Continued on Pilge 3 



Anti-T wn Center Showing 
Neede Today 

BY CHARLES HEIMLER 

In a growin' bedroom community west of Los Angeles the name 
of Ern~t Ha~n has. become synonomous with an issue that has' split 
the city s residents mto two warring camps. 

I~ Thousand . Oaks, the town I grew up in, Hahn plans a giant 
regional shopping center housing over 100 shops and five major 
department stores. Backers and opponents tangled over the issue in 

~arathon meetings .before the city planning commission and council, 
In !etters to the editor of the local Qaper. and neighborhood chat-
tering between soap operas. 
. The ~ity councH,unanimously approved the center and opponents 

filed SUIt to stop It. The matter is now in the courts. Most figure the 
c~nter is a sure bet, since Hahn and co-developer, Janss. Corp, have 
hired the best lawyer i~ town, himself a former mayor, to push the 
venture th~ough - despite the fact that the center will increase air 

pollutlo~ In th.e ~ Ity, despite decreasing consumerism in a self-
destructive capitalist economy, and despite the fact that only two of 
the department stores Hahn mentions have even thought of moving 
to the planned center. 

Hahn, however, has not confined his development ventures to 
slee~y suburbs . His latest project to move into the public decision-
m.aklng ~rena meets its first test, after some re-designing, today in San 
Diego City Hall. 

The University Town Center, the little baby once officially en-
dorsed by UCSD admln Istrators as the fulfillment of the small service 
center. drea",!ed up in th'e UCSD master plan. comes up before the 
San Diego City Plann ing Commission today at 2 p.m. The hearing 
takes place on the twelfth floor city counci l chambers in the Com-
mUnity Concourse. 

According to Rick Bowers, an intern in the Office of Graduate 
Studies and Research , Hahn's center would have a dramatic impact 
o n the UCSD campus . 

The center, planned for 106 acres northwest of the intersection of 
La Jolla Village Drive and Genesse Ave., will mean tremendous 
growth .aroun1d the campus , increase air pollution, traffic, and 
congestion, a leges Bowers . 

" Essentially," says Bowers, "thiS regional , not community shopping 
center, will make money for the developers at the expense of UCSD. 
In the planning, there's been no ,concern for the students , staff or 
faculty. In fact, they've never been consulted ," 

Bo~ers and ot~er UCSD community members will attend today's 
meeting and believe a strong showing by other UCSD people will 
force th~ plans to be modified to the type of sma ll , university 
community shOPPing center envisioned by the dreamers of UCSD. 

If the cente~ passes t~e planning commission today, and then gets 
through the city counCil, construction could begin this winter with 
some occupancy by summertime. ~~ -, ~ 

'We're not saying . we ,~on't need some shops, some shopping, a 
b",!o~!e, low cost hOUSing, concludes Bowers, but this thing is just too Ig. l):~~~' -, 

Letters 

'CIA HIADQUAITlIS-WE'IE TIACKING A HALF-NAKED, FIEAK KID, llAllNG IHE 
NUMIEI SEVEN fiVE • • • 'LEASE ADVISE. OVEI.· 

No Convincing Evidence That Dope Is Harmful 
I want to congratulate your correspondent T. 

Maugh's review of the controversy concerning 
marihuana and long term brain disturbance (Triton 

TI~es, .Nov. 18, ~974) . In particular, I would agree 
With . hiS conclUSion that the possibility of a con-
nectIOn between long term use of cannabis and 
brain damage will remain controversia l for 
sometime to come. 

I do feel your correspondent omitted three 
important experiments which in a tentative way do 
seem to POint to marihuana's relative safety as 

concern~ long term cerebral affects . Mendelsohn 
and Myer (1972) in work performed for the National 
Commission on Marihuana and Drug Abuse found 
that their ten heavy marihuana users could not be 
distinquished from ten casual users on an extensive 
neuropsychological assessment . The techniques 
these investigators used are perhaps some of the 
most sensitive tools currently available with which 
we can infer the organic condition of the living 
brain . Tt-e use of these instruments is in marked 
contrast 0 the impressionistic studies of Kolansky 
and M('Ore (described in some detail by 
corresp(lndent Maugh ) wherein no carefu I 
neurological or neuropsychological assessments 
were per armed. 

The " ,ational Commission on Marihuana and 
Drug Ab JS also conducteu d :>Ludy in Jam(licil of 

n~tives who were habitual heavy cannabis smokers 
Virtually from infancy and compared these natives 
on neurological and neuropsychological measures 

to ~atives who , h ad never been exposed to can-
nabiS. Once again no differences cou ld be found in 
the adaptive abilities of the cannabis using natives 
(Rubin and Comitas, 1972) . Finally two neuro-
sychological investigations of medical students 
conducted by some of my colleagues and myself 

triton tim~s 

which also utilized a sensi tive neuropsychological 
battery failed to distinquish moderate users of 
marihuana from individuals who were marihuana 
naive. 

I . do not cite these studies to suggest that 
marihuana has been proved to be safe. I believe 

tha~ only through a long term prospective study of 
indiViduals whose adaptive abilities are known 
prior to their beginning marihuana use and who can 
be re-examined periodically over time as their drug 
use proceeds will some final answer to this question 
emerge. I.n the case of cigarette smoking for 
example. It took many decades of experience to 
delineate the effect of tobacco on the lungs, and 
even here some controversy remains as to the exact 
roJe of tobacco constituents in carcinogenesis , 

I think it would be fair to say in summary. that 
although the long term cerebral effects of 
marihuana are still quite open to question, the 
better constructed recent controlled studies in 
human beings have not uncovered any convincing 
eVidence that such a harmful effect does in fact 
exist. 

IGOR GRANT, M.D, 
ASSIST ANT PRO FESSOR OF PSYCHIATRY, UCSD 

COORDINATOR COLlABORA liVE 
NEUROPSYCHOLOGICAL STUDY OF POL YDRUG 

USERS 

MMcoim A.tmlth. Ediror 
EdwanJ f . $/_a. ,..,...In. EdlttN 
Jolon H. T_ •• C/ry Editor 

Kirlc Robln.OII. SHm Editor 
TtHI Sp.,ry, I'Ptoto Editor 
V..,. Ginnl 

ARTS WRITERS SECRETARIAL ASSISTANT 
CMnIIIe CHa. 

PRODUCTION 
An". Ueb,., 
KMM Meiemud 

NEWS 80ARD 
...... SfedIw 
Fr-'t ... ,.,.. 
a-t. ".",.,., 
IfIcIt ".,. 

JoIII Moody, c.,.., EdhrH 
a-t. ".",,.,, EdIttHMI Dlret:ttN 
RIcJr RothwMd . Buam ... Man .. ., 
LMry 0.:".,. Art. EdhrH 

o.,,/d c. •• /dy 
MerlrWMl6w 
A .... G. Soro. ~, CIty EtHror 
Kafh., Ce ... Sec,.,.", 

oHm Shipman 
s.r.y Chlm_r 
Robin ROItCI 
S-. E.medInII 
ApnI 140 .... 
Lorilt SpItIe, 

SPORTS WRITERS 
,..", w..-
o.w. EiNn 
IIwf .... 
DIM SlMw 

COPY "EADEM 
fIIIIoIwIIe ,.",., .. 

... '-
o...Hiob 
IJevIfI ~ 
.......... 

The Triton Tl ..... pub ...... Mondey, W ......... , • • nd FricI8y ••• n offlcl8lly ....... nI .... nud8nt n",, __ ._ .. 
for .eIY.rtI.I,... phone C ·,., For edltorillllncl _. ptto!::;;:'~1Md by the UCSD Communlcetlona 808rC1 

,.~ 2 Triton Times J~nu~rt 8, ~1975 

I POLITICS: James G. Soto I 

Brown, .Old Y ear 
Continued from '.p 1 

unusual political activity of December, 
December, 74 will be remembered as the only December in the 

history of our greM republic in which a Vice-President has been 
chosen , After a lot of flak from both conservatives and liberals the 
nominMion of Nelson Rockefeller proved to be a rather tame affair. 
For everyone's concern about Rockefeller'S wealth, there were few 
who were willin& to stand up in the Senate and the House 
proclaiming their defiante, The aroma of Watergate will un-
doubtedly serve as an effective deterrelit to any of the Vice-
President's former abuses of his wealth. There were many who were 
glad to see the whole process end, and there is already some sen-
ti"."ent that the new 25th Amendment should be qu'ckly discarded. 
It IS apparent that the seemingly countless virtues of having vice-
presidents who do nothing but take directions from the Senate 
parlimentarians are quickly being superseded by distaste for the 
circus that commences whenever our legislature is bound by duty to 
select a new vice-president . 

Just as the commotion is cooling down in the Senate over the 
Rockefeller affair, it is quite likely that a whole new pandora's box 
may be opened over disputed Senate elections. November had 
three elections in which the results are still disputed at this hour. In 
Oklahoma, Democrat Ed Edmondson said he may challenge the re-
election of his opponent Republican Henry Bellmon , Bellmon won 
by 3,000 votes and Edmondson believes there may have been some 
irregularities in ballot counting in Republican controlled Tursa 
County . In North Dakota, long-time Republican incumbent Milton 
Young won r~lection by 186 votes, and it was only after six weeks 
that the election was certified as being over. The most interesting 
case, and certainly the one that can cause the most Pfoblems for the 
Senate, is the election of Republican Louis Wyman by 10 votes over 
Democrat John Durkin , The final result was not known until there 
had been three recounts, and even now Democrat Durkin claims the 
Republican<ontrolled state Ballot Commission gave him a raw 
deal. Durkin has said he will appeal the result to the floor of the 
Senate. Senate aides have privately confided that the Senate will 
not want to tamper with the decisions of the state commission , 
However, it almost seems inevitable that some presidential aspirant 
will want to get his name in the paper. With the New Hampshire 
Primary in 1976 being so crucial, any points to be made with New 
Hampshire Democrats can probably be picked up by raising the 
issue of the disputed election . Finally. in other election hassles, a 
Federal court judge ruled that there must be a new election in 
Louisiana's &th CongresSional District. Apparently somebody threw 
some ballots into a swamp or something , The election is next week. 

• • • 

In other developments, former Georgia Covernor Jimmy Carter 
became the second Democrat to officially announce his candidacy 
for the presidency. Carter is considered a moderate and a definite 
longshot for the nomination. Another Georgia governor, Lestor 
Maddox, said that he opposes Jimmy Carter as a radical leftist and 
socialist and has hinted that he may run his own campaign for the 
presidency. 

The Democrats got together for their first mid-term convention 
and despite the official proclamations of its success fro~ 
Democratic Party boss Robert Strauss, the affair was one of the 
yawners of the year and it was apparent that the Democrats were 
tryi ng very hard not to cut each other's throats. 

Finally, outgoing governor Ronald Reagan has decided to become 
a journalist. Reagan will have his own syndicated radio com-
mentary, which has mainly been sold to Mid-Western stations . 
Reagan has also been chosen to write a weekly column for the 
Copley Press and it is expected that 1500 papers will carry the 
Reagan message. It seems that Reagan will continue to make 
himself visible and still may become a factor in 197&. 

CALPRIG Survey 

Mayfair Most Expensive 
~ontinued from '~Ie 1 

tion. meat and produce quality, 
store quality, store cleanliness, 
and the helpfulness of store 
personnel will also be important 
to many people, FedMart, for 
instance, while continually 
being lowest in our surveys, 
does not have the brand or size 
selection of other stores ." 

A1an Friedman, who com-
puterized the December survey 
for CALPIRC and is now a 

volunteer for the student-fun 
organization, noted that the 
price increases hurt people on 
low incomes the most. "Poor 
people have more to lose with 
inflationary food trends because 
they spend a higher proportion 
of their budgets on food," he 
said. 

After FedMart, the stores in 
order of rising prices were: Food 
Basket , Vons, Alpha Beta, 
Safeway, Big Bear, and Mayfair 

Fleet Headed at Vietnam 
Continued from 'ale 1 

force, headed by the Nuclear 
carrier Enterprise, was headed 
toward Vietnam wMers. The 
Pentagon denied that the task 
force is lIOing to Vietnam, A 
spokesman said the ships are 
heading southwest, but declined 
to give a destinMion. A straiaht 
southwest course would put the 
ships at the entrance of the In-
dian Ocean, about 250 miles from 

the Vietnamese coast. 
The Wh ite House says Ford met 

yesterday mornin& with Secretary 
of State Henry Kissinaer and a 
deputy national security affairs 
advisor, and postponed until later 
a meeting with his top economic 
advisors, A spokesman s~id the 
economic session was postponed 
at the request of the advisors who 
wanted more time to assemble 
their information , 

A 

Christmas 

Low 
Blows 
and Cheap 

by Edward Simons Shots 
Carol 

It was the best of times. It was the worst of 
times. It was time to start a new paragraph , 

T~ Scr~ge, a carefree young man in his early 
twenties, gaily walked through the icy streets of 
London as the snow and the night simultaneously 
fell . Seeing an outrageously long strip of ice on 
the sidewalk, he ran, jumped on the ice and slid 
into a streetlight. ' 

" Haha," remarked a boy from the sidelines . 
"Shut up, you little blighter, or I'll tango on your 

face." Tom chuckled. "If you can do better then 
kindly do so ." ' 

At this, the little boy frowned . " I'm sorry, sir, 
but I can't." 

"Why," asked Tom, "noH" 
" Because I have congenital syphillis, 

poliomyelitis, tuberculosis , the plague, 
~aln utrition , gangrene, rabies, anthrax, 
distemper. and my necktie is hopelessly out of 
style." 

Upon closer examination, Tom could see the 
boy wasn 't exaggerating. In fact the boy had 
neglected to add that he was a hunchback, suf-
fered from distal occlusion, and had three nostrils . 

"Here now," said Tom. "what's your name?" 
"Tim Cratchit, sir." 

• • • 

"No! Bob Cratchit's boy?" 
"Why, yes, sir,n Tim answered . "00 you know 

himr" 
"Yes , He works for my uncle, Scrooge." 
"Scrooge? Your name is Scrooge?" Tim asked, 

frightened . 
" Yes, it is, Tom Scrooge." 
"Oh, Jesus! " Tim cried, raising a hand in front of 

his face and backing away slowly. "Cet away from 
me! " 

Tim's subtlety was not lost on Tom. The young 
Scrooge left the place and went to his uncle's firm 
to deal with the old man . 

Scrooge wasn't there, however, though Bob 
Cratchit was. Feeling a sort of pity for .Cratchit. 
Tom reached into his coat and withdrew a quart of 
Christmas spirit to share with Cratchit. In the 
space of an hour or so, both Bob and Tom were 
wiped. They were busily engaged in a com-
bi nation spitting and swearing contest, oc-
casionally insulting passers-by, when Scrooge 
waltzed into the office. 

" Merry Christmas, Scrooge," Tom slurred in 
greeting. 

" Bah , dammit!" Scrovge rejoined . 'What in hell 
do you have to be merry about? You're ugly stupid. 
and illegitimate. as is your companion Cratchit, 
who has the added distinction of being in-
sufferably obese." 

• • • 

Cratchit, in spite of being blotto, decided not 
to let the opportun ity of catch ing Scrooge in a 
good mood pass by . As Scrooge walked into his 
office, Bob Cratchit followed him, 

" Sir, it bein' Christmas time and all , I was 
wonderin', sir, if yol,! might consider givin' me a 
raise. You see, I've been workin '-" 

"Humbug comma bah!" Scrooge interrupted. 
"What do you need a raise for?" 

" Well. you see, sir, it's my little boy Tim. He's 
awful sick, you know, and it's awful hard to pay 
the bills and the doctor, too sir, "Cratchit ex-
plained . 

"00 I look like Blue Cross?" Scrooge screamed. 
He opened a drawer and pulled out a nine-foot 
bullwhip . " Now, what was your question again, 
Cratchit?" Scrooge demanded, 

Cratchit was too drunk to be intimdated. "Could 
I have a raise, sir?" 

Enraged at Cratchit's audaCity, Scrooge came 
from behind the desk and let him have it, NlOefeel 
of it. Across the back . 

"Now, get out, Cratchit . I' ll be at your house 
tomorrow for dinner , If I decide Tim is bad 
enough , I'll give you the raise, If he isn't. I' ll rai~e 
hell , Now-Qut' " 

• • • 

That night was much the same as any other 
night in the Scrooge household After a disgusting 
scene with the housemaid, Scrooge had his cup of 
warm absinthe and went to bpd. 

Sometime during the course of his coma, 
Scrooge was awakened by a persistent tapping or. 
his frontal lobe. The sight that greeted his eyes 
was not pleasing, Three men were standing before 
him, one of whom was wielding a chair in a 
thoroughly professional manner, seeminly intent 
on divorcing Scrooge's skull from his brains. He 
was well on the way to producing the desired 
effect when Scrooge, as we have already said 
awoke. 

"Eh, whaH" Scrooge mumbled querulously., 
'What is blazes is going on?" He brushed the chair 
away from his face and bolted into a sitting 
position . "Now, just tell me who you are and whatl 
you are doing in my bedchamberl" he demanded 
givi ng the bell pull a hearty tug. ' 

'WE," the three men chorused, "are the ghosts 
of Christmas Past, Present and Future, We've 
come to call upon you ," 

The housemaid chose this moment to make her 
entrance , "Yes, Mr. Scrooge?" she asked, rubbing 
her eyes and valiantly endeavoring to stifle a 
yawn . 

• • • 

"Miss Gregory! When I am finished ascer-
taining these gentlemen's business. I shall require 
you to show them the doorl" 

Gregory discreetly raised her eyebrows. 'Which 
gentlemen, sir?" 

This was too much for the old man . " By God 
THESE men!" he shouted. Scrooge yanked open ~ 
nightable drawer and extracted an old service 
revolver. It was the work of a moment to shoot 
them all twice. Seeing that it had no effect he 
threw the expended pistol at the door Miss 
Gregory had hurriedly closed behind her. Scrooge 
scrambled out of bed and ran to the door. 

It was locked. 
The three ghosts advanced within half a foot of 

the corner where Scrooge was now cowering In 
fear . 

" Please, don't hurt me," he pleaded pitiably. 
" Listen, you filty-hearted sap," chorused c.P .P. 

and F. menacingly. " Either get into Christmas and 
give Bob Cratchit a raise or we'll kill you tomorrow 
night." There was a roll of thunder and a stroke of 
lightning-and they were gone 

Bob Cratchit told h is family of Scrooge's im-
pending visit earlier that same night and threw 
them into a mild uproar. His wife was plainly 
flustered . But when the night came. she rose to 
the occasion , 

• •• 

Rachel (for that was her name) scoured the 
house in search of her favorite soup bones. She 
found three that looked reasonably decent and 
put them in a pot of boiling water, together with 
some salt and leaves. 

She also prepared Tim for meeting Mr, Scrooge. 
She had him take a bath and, since this was a 
special occasion, changed his bandages and put 
new masking tapeon the seams of his clothes. She 
told Tim how important it was to make an im-
pression on Mr. Scrooge. To Rachel 's surprise. Tim 
was very mature about it and readily agreed to the 
night's importance. 

Old Mr. Scrooge arrived at the Cratrhit home 
?round six in the evening in an odd mood. Maybe 
It was the way he smiled, or possibly the twinkle 
in his eyes. Perhaps it was the three cocaine in-
ie~tions he took before coming. At any rate, 
Scrooge was happy 

"Good evening, Bob. and you too, Rachel ," he 
greeted them. "Ah," he continued. "and there's 
little Tim," 

Headvanc:edtowi\rcthe boy and, gathering him 
in his arms, held hiIT' close in a warm. friendly 
hug, 

Possibly it was the way Tim smiled, or maybe 
the way his eyes twinkled with pleasure Perhaps It 
was the way h~ ~uTled l·ht! !Jin on lrlt: I!letldJ he 
held to his stomach , 

At any rate, the entire family wa~ surprised to 
ee Old Man Scrooge and Tim at opposite ~llds of 

the room bleeding in tereo, Tim With a tJlissiul 
mile on hiS fa e, 

Or what was left of It 

'aae 3 Triton Times January I, 1975 
.. 



~. 
Bowled Over 

It's almost ove~ , thank God . 
For about a month now we have been faced the the Sun Bowl, the Fiesta Bowl and the Northeast-

this bowl and that that bowl, featuring every team Southwest All -Star game, or at least one of the 
in the Ilation that had a winning record, but for the myriad of the you got Steve Bartkowski, we've got 
most part we have endured . Having already David Humm type games. In actuality, the Bar-
forgotten all the faces that appeared in the millions tkowskis and the Humm s don't really matter 
of "honey shots" provided by Roone Arledge and because there is undoubtably some guy like Willard 
ABC, I still have some recollection of the games for Harrel who steals the show from the name players. 
whi~h they were rootin~ . After you gol over the 60{) tie between Texas Tech 

For the most part the games were dull, featuring and Vanderbilt in the Peach Bowl, one could look 
second rate teams (ie . Oklahoma State whose forward to the Sun Bowl, which was actually played 
record is 7-5). There were few new faces in bowl in a mist. Mississippi State and North Carolina 
games and these teams tended to playas if they teamed up for a game, but forgot to bring along 
were playing for something other than a bowl game their defenses. It was a game of whoever got the 
championship. Maybe they thought they were ball last would win . State did, and scored to win 28-
competing for places in Steve Harvey's "Bottom 24. 
Ten ." In the Fiesta Bowl, Oklahoma State knocked out 

Considering all the violence that was perpetrated . the Brigham Young quarterback when BYU was 
by such immortal classics as the Grantland Rice leading fH>. From there it was easy for State to 
Bowl and the Camellia Bowl (yes, they did appear re~ister a 16-6 win . -
on TV), I still remained as immovable as a log in New Years Day. And Eve. When the National 
front of my television . I do confess that I managed Championship was decided while Oklahoma sat at 
to miss two of the contests, but on the other hand I home. The best game was the Orange Bowl. The 
got to see at least one game in person. most exciting was the Rose Bowl. The worst passing 

As I recall the orgy started way back on the first offense was the Sugar Bowl. The most lopsided was 
Saturday in December, before finals even started . the Cotton Bowl. The worst announcer was. Chris 
Being as bored stiff as I usually am right before Schenkel. The best was Jim Simpson. The most 
taking finals, I flipped on my roommate's television galling interview was in the Gator Bowl (actually 
and caught the final play of the Grantland Rice played onthe thirtieth) . 
Bowl. It was a bizarre play and tended to typify What it all meant was that USC managed to earn 
what I was to see in later games. itself a somewhat tainted National Championship . 

Nevada-las Vegas, trailing 49-11 , tried an onside How did it happen? Notre Dame, with an awesome 
kick only to have Delaware return it for a touch- display of defense, shutoff unbeaten Alabama, 13-
down ! From then on it was on to bigger and better 11 . Shelton Diggs caught a desperation pass for a 
bowls. two point conversion to Beat Ohio State in the Rose 

I missed the dullest game, eminating from where Bowl (I offer no condolences to Woody Hayes). 
else but Memphis, Tennessee, where the University Nebraska beat Florida 13-10 when a reserve came in 
of Tennessee.managed to trip a Maryland team that to throw al/ his passes incomplete, but still lead the 
was still taking finals, 7·3 . From all reports even team to 13 points in the last quarter. Penn State 
Pete Rozelle fell asleep watching that game. employed the onside kick trick in its 41-20 victory 

Then it was on to the Camellia Bowl for the small over the Waco, uh, Baylor Bears. 
college division championship, where Central And then there was th is dude Dan Tollefson who 
Michigan dimantled Delaware by the score of 54- had the gall to interview coach Shurg Jordan of 
14. What can you say when some dude runs 70 Auburn while Jordan was deciding whether to go 
yards from the line of scrimmage on the first play of for it or not on fourth down . They did, then made it 
the game for a CM touchdown . It's got to help his and then won, beating Texas, 27-3. 
rushing average, to say the least. And there sat Oklahoma, bruised only by the 

My favorite Saturday featured the Peach Bowl , NCAA, enjoying the bowls on TV. 

LA JOLLA BANK & 
TRUST eo. 

WISHES ALL INCOMING STUDENTS AND FACULTY 
OF THE U.C.S.D. COMMUNITY A HAPPY AND 
PROSPEROUS 1975. VISIT OUR BANK AND 

'LEARN OF THE MANY SERVICES WE PROVIDE 

F YOU, S~CH AS: 
R : Checking accounts • • . 'no minimum balance ••• no service charge 

~ : Bank.By.Mail with pre.paid post 
~ : A_pIe parking below the bank 
E 

MAXIMUM RATES PAID 
ON ALL SAVINGS ACCOUNTS 

DRIVE UP BANKING 
OPEN: MON.FRI 8:00 AM·5:30 PM 
OPEN: SATURDA VS 9:30 AM.12:30 PM 

hlJe 4 Triton Times 'anuary 8, 1975 

YOUR PERSONAL 
BANK 

Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La JoLLa, Calif 92037 

459· 9711 
.'Hember F.D.l.C. 

ITeam Win' 

Tritons Impress, 101-90 
by Kirk Robinson 

Even Coach Barry Cunningham got into the act Monday night as the 
UCSD Basketball squad troun ced a highly regarded Chapman five, 101-
90. The win was a team effort , highlighted by the balanced scoring of 
the starting five and the aggresive play of the reserves as they came off 
of the bench . 

All five starters were in double figures with George Calhoun leading 
the way with 21.point s followed by Lyle Smith and Tony Moore with 20 
each . Steve Kircher and Paul Trainer added 17 and 16 points respec-
tively. 

Mallory Mitchell and Mike Hart came off the bench to spark Triton 
flurries throughout the game. Hart' contribution was especially 
pleaSing to coach Cunningham . Hart came in at the end of the first half 
and with the score tied at 44 and stole a p lSS that led to a Lyle Smith 

·Iay in and a lead the Tritons never relinquished . 
The Tritons opened the game fast, blowing out to a 17-10 lead in the 

first six minutes and a 27-20 lead after ten minutes. Paul Trainer led the 
attack, getting 12 of his sixteen points in the early going. Trainer was 
aggressive on the boards, getting most of his points from the inside on 
tips and lay ins. With five minutes left in the half Trainer picked up his 
th ird foul and was forced to exit the game. Chapman took advantage of 
his absence and closed the gap, taking the lead on one occasion . Enter 
Mike Halt and the Tritons have a 48-44 halftime lead, with Barry 
Cunningham leading the cheers from the sidel ines . 

The Tritons dimmed any hopes Chapman had of winning the ga'me at 
the outset of the second half as they blitzed the Panthers 23-9 in the 
first eight minutes of the half. 

Tony Moo re led the second half charge, picking up 14 of his 20 
points as the Tritons went into their Celt ic offense. The spread court 
offense opened holes in th e Chapman defense. leading to easy scores 
by Moore, Ca lhoun and Kircher. 

With seven minutes remaining in the !lame. the Tritons held a 14 
point lead , but Trainer and Smith had retired to the bench with five 
fouls apiece. Cunningham employed four guard'S and Bill Hoffman in 
the post to stave off what seemed to be an inevitable Chapman rally . It 
was not to be as the now shorter Triton quad ran the lead up to 
nineteen points with about five minutes left in the game. 

From then on it was loose basketball , with Chapman closing to the 
final margin as time ran out . Tony Moore put the Tritons over the 
century mark with a driving lay in. 

Cunningham was pleased with the play of the team, particularly in 
the balance the team displayed. He termed it a " team win ." He was 
especially pleased with tire performance of Lyle Sm ith . Smith, a 
sophomore, is in h is first year of college competition, and according to 
Cunningham, "has improved tremendously" since the opening of the 

Continued on Page 7 

JV's Fall to Chapman 
By Dave Eisen 

Fast-break lay-ups were the key in Chapman College's 72-70 squeaker 
over UCSD in the Triton Gym Monday night . 

In contrast to UCSD's reliance on outside shooting, the Panthers 
scored a majority of their points on easy lay-ins which followed break-
downs in the Triton full court press . . 

The ledger now is 0-5 for Coach Bob M cCook's ]V's but three of the 
!lames could have easily been wins. I n the ope..ner, . UCSD 'played 
Miramar NAS to a 71 -71 t ie in regulat ion , before los ing In overtime 88-
81 . Saturday, the Tritons were stopped, 64-63, by North Island after 
holding a two point lead with only seconds left in the game. 

I n between were a pair of defeats to USI U and Orange Coast College, 
b3-51 and 82O{)8 . Through the first four contests, Jim Nuckols was th e 
leading scorer, averaging 15 points per game. . 

The Tritons began Monday night as if it were about to capture Its 
first win . The starting offense of Mike Hart at the top of the key, Paige 
Smith and Lee Brockett to his right , Nuckols to his left, and Andy 
Opfelt at the post, was clicking, and UCSD ran out to an 8-2 lead, and 
then extended it to 18-11. 

Behind a swarming defense and the outside shooting of Hart, the 
Tritons remained aheaCl fOF the first few minutes. 

The full court press was tir ing UCSD. caltSing massive substitution 
by McCook. Joe Greenstein, Tim Haynie, Don Wiggins, Glen Polk, and 
Dave Elliott made up the squad for the remainder of the half . 

The Tritons slowed down the pace in the second half. after opening 
the period down 47-44. Mainly due to the hustie of Elliott and Smith , 
UCSD grabbed the lead, and then began exchanging baskets with the 
Panthers. 

Polk 's jumper with three minutes remaining gave the Tritons its last 
lead at 7G-68, but two scores by Ron Myracks, who finished the game 
with 27 , gave the win to Chapman. . 

For UCSD, Hart was the leading scorer with 13, followed by Smith, 
the sophomore from South High in Bakersfield, with 12 points and 10 
assists. and Nuckols' 8. 

Nature Corner 

The Mystery of the Rattlesnake 
Malcolm A. Smith 

Hello there, Nature Lovers, all 
ye who cherish thy native Earth . 
Today we have one more of the 
world's oddities to examine, as we 
once again demonstrate the 
power of Reason to banish the 
barriers of Ignorance, all with 
simple experiments that can be 
performed by anyone ; the 
mysteries of nature unvei led 
before your very eyes! 

Today we explore the world of 
that remarkable animal, the 
rattlesnake, one of the group 
known as pit vipers because of 
their tendency to live in holes, 
basements, and places like EI 
Centro . Although a great deal of 
legend has grown up surrounding 
the serpent, don't let this legend 
mislead you . A snake is reputedly 
responsible for passing along a 
few hints to Eve, but beware: not 
all serpents are this benevolent . 
Strange as it may see, some 
snakes, including the rattlesnake, 
have actually been used as a 
symbol of evil ! 

16. Western Rattlesnake 

For this experiment it is best to 
obtain the use of a smaller 
brother, a neighbor's cat or a 
friend 's dog, although a paternal 
relative can be used in a pinch . 
Your human subjects will be 
reusable , prov ided they are 
allowed sufficient recharging 
periods, but the cats and dogs 
may well give their lives in the 
cause of science. 

snake prior to the experiment, 
although anger ing it by poking it 
w ith a stick may be helpfu l. 
I ntroduce your subject to the 
snake, and watch carefully the 
methods of this evil creature . It 
will draw itself back into the 
corner, as if attempting to hide, 
apparently afraid and timid. But 
do not be fooled ! This apparent 
defense is but the cover for an 
offensive attack. Note at th is 
point the rattling of its tail, 
remarkably sim i lar to the 
rustling of papers on the desks of 
beaurocrats, and watch it fl ick its 
strange forked tongue . It si ts , 
passively, pretending to pay no 
particular attention , till , when 
you least expect it, it flashes 
forward and plants its fangs in 
the victim, injecting its evil deep 
with in. 

The victim's body reacts im-
It is not necessary to starve the mediately to the snake's poison. 

ra llying its forces and summoning 
help; neural Paul Revere s run 
frantically to the brain shouting 
"The Venom is comingl " The 
serum administered so quickly by 
the crafty snake does its work . the 
bite soon turns into a painful , 
swollen wound ; the victim's 
heart , overwhelmed, ceases to 
beat. 

Thus we have seen that the 
reputat ion for evil held by some 
snakes is well justified, and few of 
the creatures on this wonderful 
earth are more reprehenSible than 
is the ratt lesnake, that fi end ish 
member of the family crotaiitJae. 
But do not let the behavior of a 
few cause you to misjudge the 
whole . Most snakes are ki nd and 
gentle creature s, we ll deserving 
of the fi ne reputat ion th at an 
ancient act of kindness ha~ 
earned for them . 

Acupuncture has worked for millions of people for 
thousands of years with relief for such problems as: 

ULCERS • BURSITIS • ALLERGIES • SCLEROSIS • ALCOHOLISM 
CHILDBIRTH • HEMORRHOIDS • MUSCLE SPASMS • BACK AILMENTS 
NERVE DWNESS • SKIN DISORDERS • FEMALE PROBLEMS • NERVE 

DISORDERS • WEIGHT PROBLEMS • WATER RETENSION 
DRUG WITHDRAWAL • TOBACCO WITHDRAWAL 

MIGRAINE HEADACHES • ARTHRITIS 
Acupuncture Research Foun-

dation. Inc. is headquartered In 
Nevada because Nevada Is the 
only state where Acupuncture 
Is 100% legal. SOme of our 
.Ims .re to leg.llze Acupunc-
ture In .very ltat.. Much re-
, •• rch I, needed In .U ph .... 
of medicine by Acupuncture. 
w. 'eel th.t the Feder.1 Gov-

ernment should make funds 
available to build cliniCS and 
training centers so that mo~e 
Acupunturlsts can be trained to 
bring Acupuncture treatment to 
everyone everyWhere. If you 
'eel •• we do. pie ••• help u. 
bring about theae worthy aim •• 
by Hndlng your tax deductible 
don.tlon now. 

.............................................................................. ~ 
• TOI acuPUICTI.'.ElUlCN FOUlmTIOII, IIC .. 120 E. n ...... La V .... IIY. 11101 : 
: 

lIIc .... I, III)' til ....... 1. 
cllltmlltlH II III" ""'" 
'AlII .. IUmllIII 1II1II "'" 
.,.... I.,.,... .. tIIIl 
__ _. (CIIII, c\llck • 
_ .... j 

T.T. 

• I IIAIIIE ______ ___ -'-____ _ 
~~IU __________________________ _ 

CITY ______________________ _ 

ITATlL ________ _ __ ..&zlP _ __ _ 

Pille 5 Triton Timn I-Wiry I, 1975 



Winter Program Preview 
The UCSD Campus Program 

Board will open its winter 
calendar of events with a concert 
this Sat~day featuring the Down 
Home jazz Band, a group from 
San Francisco specializing in 
Dixieland and Ragtime jazz. The 
concert will be held in the Revelle 
Cafeteria at 8:30 pm. Tickets are 
available at the Student Center 
for one and two dollars. 

Also scheduled for lanuary are 
the following programs; on the 
24th, the Provisonal Theatre 
troupe will present a play entitled 
"XA: A Vietnam Primer"; on 

Sat~day, the 25th, the same 
troupe will also present a second 
play, "America Piece ." The 
Provisional . Theatre is a co-
operative endeavor of fifteen 
Southern Californians who share 
a collective disinterest in the 
apparent direction of "com-
mercial" Am~ican Theatre and a 
desire for devotion to people, 
causes, and good works. 

Both plays will begin at 8:30 in 
the Revelle Cafeteria. Tickets will 
be sold for two and three dollars 

Doug Kenny of the NIIIio"aI 
Llmlpoo" will be at UCSD Jan. 
29th at noon, and will entertain 
and amuse from the Gym steps. 

Ending the month of january, 
on the 31st will be presented a 
concert by Mercedes Sosa, an 
outstanding singer of our 
generation, who has dedicated 
her life to the music of Argentina 
and Latin America. Her singing 
beautifully conveys the strength, 
clarity, and beauty of the land 
and sky of Latin America, and the 
spirit of her people. 

The concert will be held in th'e 
Revelle Cafeteria at 6:30 pm . For 
more ticket information call 452-
4559. 

A couple of events have been 
scheduled for the month of 
February that may be of interest: 
On February 8th, Don McLeod, 
Mimeist, will entertain at 8:30 in 
the Revelle Cafeteria. 

The CPB and the Women 's 
Center will present .speaker 
Florynce Kennedy, February 13 at 
noon on the Gym steps . Ms. 
Kennedy will be speaking on the 
liberation of women . 

The Program Board will 
continue sponsoring live concerts 
for students during the noon 
lunch hour. 

-

Clnemll: Larry Deckel 
1<llttKI(J<l~f? I An Event 

I suppose the American public is a sucker for 
disaster films. After the box-office success of 
"The Poseidon Adventure", the film market has 
become flooded with similar ventures into the 
ci nema of catastrophe. 

The formula is Simple: You take a pile of stars, 
place them all in incredible peril, and leave the 
audience guessing who will manage to survive t.o 
the bloody finish. 

It works . I saw "The Poseidon Adventure" and 
have to admit I enjoyed every agonizing 
moment. Any film in which Gene Hackman gets 
killed in the end is worth it to me. 

So. with the current flood of disaster flicks, I 
decided to try one out. I'd ~en "Airport" so I 
thought I could live without "Airport 75" (Son of 
Airport?) "The Towering Inferno" had its appeal, 
but "Earthquake" seemed the catchiest with it's 
SENSURROUND. 

Back in November I'd tried to catch it here in 
town, but the lines kept me out. Up North during 
vacation, the same thing happened at a fun 
three-cinema theatre which was showing all 
three of the big disasters in the same building 
(rumor was they were poisoning every SOOth cup 
of popcorn just for the suspense of it.) Returning 
here to San Diego I tried again, this time setting 
out a few hours early and making it to the front 
half of the line at the Loma Theatre. 

In the lobby the crush of people was in-
credible, as though disaster conditions were at 
hand . As we waited we watched the line of 
sadistic disaster buffs wrapping its way around 
the building . 

Those of us privileged enough to be in the 
lobby felt at ease and told cute disaster jokes to 
pass the time : 

" Did you hear about the film they're making 
where this little girl is possessed by the devil at 
the top of this giant office building when a 747 
airliner crashes into the top floor setting the 
building on fire during an earthquake?" 

"Oh yeah , isn't that the one Neil Diamond's 
doing for the soundtrack?" 

Suddenly, in the middle of the sentence came 
an incredible roar from inside the theatre itself 
which shook the whole lobby. Everybody's 
mouths hung open, "Wow ......... Sensurround!!!" 

Little kids came running out of the theatre 
holding their hands over their ears. Dynamite! 
All of us standing in the lobby could hardly wait 
for our chance . 

Time goes quickly when you're waiting with 
thousand~ of people to get into a film iry which 

thousands of people will probably be killed and 
before we knew it, the last tremors of the ~arly 
show had passed and it was our turn. 

The doors opened and the crowd pushed, 
shoved and clawed their way into the plush 
Loma Theatre trying to get the best seats. It was' 
better than any air rl.id drill I'd ever been 
through as popcorn flew in the freniy of bodies 

aimin~ for center seats . 
And 'there before our bedazzled eyes were six 

of the biggest damn woofers any stereo nut had 
ever seen . It was like someone planned to show 
this movie in the Sports Arena . Four in the front 
and two in the back on either 'side. Quadrophic 
tremors at the very least. 

After what seemed like forever the lights 
dimmed and the coming attractions came on: 
PLAYING AT A THEATRE NEAR YOU-THE 
TOWERING INFERNO! She minutes of in-
tellectual bickering over who had the better 
disaster flick at the moment. 

And then pow! A disclaimer: You are about to 
see and feel what it would be like during an 
actual earthquake. The management is not 

·responsible for the psychological effect it may 
have on the viewer! 

By the time the title theme hit we were all 
ready to scream. 

- f\nd then the film started . 
In a nutshell , take one soap-opera stereotype 

of each variety : one big architect, a wife he 
hates, a girl he loves, the wife's father who the 
architect works for, a ballsy cop who thought 
cops were supposed to help people, an aspiring 
stunt driver, his manager, the manager's sexy 
sisters, a crazy national guardsman, a 
humanitarian doctor, and a couple of thousand 
nameless victums; mix in one big disaster: an 
earthquake rated at about 7.6 on the Richter 
scale; throw in about a zillion cliff hanger 
rescues, six monster woofers; and this time 
Charlton Hestor,l gets it in the end. 

To say any more about the silly things that 
happen in this movie would ruin it for you, and 
as there are enough special effects to make up 
for the shallow plot , you might want to go see it 
anyway. But if you're going to see this one, see it 
now while the crowds are big, the woofers are 
bigger, and the excitement of the waiting makes 
up for the S3.50 ticket price. 

"Say did you hear they're making one where 
the world's largest atomic submarine springs a 
leak during a tornado which completely destroys 
a major American city and .. ..... 

On Sunday, January 26th~ the 
Program Board will present the 
Aman Folk Ensemble at 6:00 pm 
in the Gym. The Aman Folk 
Ensemble came into being as the 
expression of a deeply felt love 
for ethnic music and dance, both 
rural and urban, but also classical 
traditions. 

Today the ensemble owns over 
a thousand costumes and is 
representative of more than 
seventry regional styles. The 
musical instruments collected by 
members of Aman have been 
gathered from the many regions 
represented in the repertoire . The 
Aman musicians are exceedingly 
versatile, and their talent in this 
respect enables them to play in a 
wide range of styles on a great 
variety of instruments. 

Theatre Auditions For Winter Productions 
If acting is your forte, Winter 

quarter promiSE!) a wealth of 
opportun ities . The Drama 
Department at UCSD will be 
holding auditions for its third 
major production of the year, 
" Lateral Zig-Zags," an evening of 
theat~e from the contemporary 
scene. Scripts are available for 
pre-audition reading at the Drama 
Department office, 407 Matthews 
Campus. 

P~8e 6 Triton Times J~nu~ry 8, 1975 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
(;ootact len~~ fined 
repairs 
hours moo. -;-trio 10:30 - 8: 00 
·Slt. 10·6 Closed sundays 

arena blVd. 

224-2974 

Director Howard Poyou row 
stated auditions are open to all 
interested parties, both students 
and non-students, experienced 
and non-experienced . The 
auditions will be held Thursday 
and Friday evenings, Januarv 9 
and 10, beginning at 7:30 p.m. in 
Building 409, Matthews Campus. 
Anyone who cannot make those 
times should call Mr. Poyourow 
at 452-3478 or 452-3791 . 

COMMUNITY 
BLOODBANIC 

111F.Slreec 

PAYS DONORS 
torsenke 

Mon.-Sat. 
1:4$-5:. 
C1oIedSun. 
2331411 

ACADEMIC 
RESEARCH 

LIBRARY 
Thousands of Topics 

$2.75 per page 
Send for your up-to-d.te, 
176-p.ge. mail order Clt.log 
of 5500 topics. Enclose 
51 .00 to coyer postage ('·2 
days deliyery timel. 

519 GLENROCK AVE, 
. SUITE 1203 

LOS ANGelES, CA, 90024 
Our m.I,,,.11 ... lOId for 
r_ .. ell purJ)OWl only 

Also open 
quarter are 
Department 
Projects. 

for auditions this 
the two Drama 

MFA Winter 

The first is "The Conversion" 
written by M F A playwright Jeffrey 
Levy, under the direction of Frank 
Condon . The play concerns the 
conversion of the wife of a 
prominent executive during her 
captivity as a kidnap victim of 
revolutionary terrorists . While not 
an historical document, the piece 
was inspired by the Patty Hearst 
incident. The auditions call for a 
mixed cast of 6. 

" Narrative Project, " directed by 

Barney 
Is 

MFA canqidate Peter Klein, is the 
second of the two projects, and 
will be a group exploration of 
narrative and ensemble 
techn iques culminating in a 
travelli ng presentation of two 
works. The project will focus on 
psycho-physical evocation of 
imagery and development of 
performance language. The 
Project Group w i ll consist of 3-5 
persons . 

Audition materials and in-
formation concerning these 
projects are available through the 
Drama Dept . 

Coming! 

get involved 
with the eaDipUIl newspaper 

W 
E 
N 
E 
E 
D 

: neW8 reporter8 
: copy re •• er 
: 8port8 writer 
: seleaee writer 
: .ore! 

Apply at S'E'O' 

Guidelines For Access to Records 
Students are advised that under the provisions of the hmily 
Educ~tion~1 Rights ~nd Privacy Act of 1974, every student is ucorded the ' 
right to in.pect ~nd review education records directly rel~ted to the 
studenfs status ~s a student th~t are held by ~ny unit or department of UC 
San Dielo. 

The fol/owing request has been made. Students shall have an opportuni~y fer a hearing 
to ch~lIenge the content of the student's records, to Insure that Ihe 

are the records are not in~ccurate, misleading, or otherwise in violation of the 
guidelines privacy or other rights of the student, and to provide an opportunity for 
. db' UC the correction or deletion of any such inaccurate, misleading, or Issue Y otherwise inappropriate d~ta cont~ined therein. 
San Diego's 
office of 

The right of inspection is ~v~il~ble to students who ~re or have been in 
attend~nce and extends to those m~teri~ls which ~re intended for 
University use or which are av~il~ble to p~rties outside the University 
system. Third p~rties sh~1I not h~ve access to education records or in-

form~tion pertaining to students ~s students without the written consent 
of the p~rticul~r student ~bout whom such inform~tion is sought. 

Student AHairs, Students ~re ~dvised th~t the full text of the Family Educational Righls 
for the im- and Privacy Act of '1974 isavailable at these locations: 
p/ementation of 
the Family 
Educational Office of the Vice Chancellor and Dean of Student Affairs, University 
Rig h t san d Student Center; Office of Admissions and Registr~tion , 102 Matthews 

• Campus, Central University Library; Provosts' Offices of Revelle, Muir, 
Student requests to inspect educ~tion records pert~ining to the 

studenfs st~tus u a student sh~1I be Iranted within 45 cbys ~fter the 
PflVBCY Act of Third, ~nd Fourth College; and the Office of the Dean of Graduate Studies 
1974: and Research, 108 M~tthews Campus. 

Part-time Students: The' Revelle Reporter A future devoted exclusively to ~nnouncements and events 
concerning Revelle College. In May, 1974, the Regents 

adopted the Reduced Educational 
'Fee for Part-Time Un-
dergraduates, effective with the 
Fall Quarter, 1974. This reduced 
fee was in no way intended to 
encourage part -time students, but 
was enacted in the interest of 
equity for tudents who, for valid 
reasons, find it necessary to 
reg ister for I ~ s than full time 
study 

who fa ll below the nine units 
after January 24 will receive no 
refund , and any student who 
receives a refund will be billed for 
S50.00 if , after the refund date, 
his units are in creased to nine or 
more. 

Undergraduates enrolled in 
Limited , Special , Educat ion 
Abroad, and other special 
programs are excluded from this 
Reduced Fee policy . Extension . 
courses taken by students in the 
Concurrent Enrollment program 
will b Included in the students' 
work load . 

Revelle Provost Friedkin is once again home 
and resting well after another hort stay at 
University Hospital over the holidays, this time to 
arrest an infection under hiS cast. He welcomes 
visitors at his home and appointments may be 
made with his ecretary, Linda, at the Provost's 
office .... the Revelle Program Board is now 'ac-
cepting requests for allocation of programming 
fu nds for 1975 The money IS us~d to spo.nsor 

lectures, dancers , and concerts Reque t lrom 
any student organization may be turned 10 to th(' 
ReSident Dean's office thi S w ek or next In ad· 
ditlon , Programming Board memb r may be 
contacted with any other Id as for events The 
members are ' Leslie Cohen, Helen Cook, DaVid 
DePuy, Anthony Otsuka, Martha Woodward, and 
Judi Savit. Mary Cox and Mary Dhooge are co-
chairmen 

Part-tim e ,tat us IS defined as 
enrollment for less than nine (9) 
u'nits at th e enel of the third week 
o ffiCial ce n<;u s da te (F r iday, 
January 2-1, 1975) UCDS un-
dergraduate s enrolled for less 
than nine units at 5'00 p m on 
thiS date will be eligible for a 
refu nd of on e-half of the 
Educational l ee ' $5000. Students 

IGPP Pioneers Mini- quake Detection 
Refund hecks will be mailed 

by the Accou nting Office to all 
eligible undergraduate by the 

nd o f th fl fth week of classes . 
Questions concerning this policy 
may be addre ssed to the 
Registrar' Offi e. 

Tritons Drop Chapman 
Continued from Page 5 

' eason. Monday was hi<; best effort yet . 

• • 

Cunningham was sti ll a little disappoint d in the team's overall 
defense. but sa id that th ey were cont inuing to improve. The Tritons 
employ an aggress ive man to man defense , which is hard to teach and 
sometllnes takes a while to get adjusted to. Another aspect of the game 
Cunningham said needed a little Improvem nt was the area of turn-
overs . The team st ill continues to give the ball away too much, but' last 
night it didn 't hurt as Chapmiln was equally uenerous with the ball. 

But overall Cunningham felt it was a fine Win as they dealt Chapman 
on ly its third loss in twelve outings . They had lost to Wyoming and 
Colorado State, both major co llege team on the road, prior to last 
nights loss at th e hands o f the Tritons. 

The Win puts the Tritons record at 5-6 for the season, with- most of 
the losses comi ng o n the road during the holiday break against 
generally tougher teams. 

One sad note for the Tritons is the loss of Joe Coit for the season . 
Co it has left school for Daytona Beach, n or ida, and a baseball umpire's 
chool. It 's a loss for the team, but if th ey continue to playas they did 

Monday, Coit shouldn't be mi ssed a great deal. George Calhoun has 
moved from guard to forward to replace Coit, with Tony Moore moving 
into the open guard pos ition. So far the move i las payed off well , with 
Ca lhoun playing his best basketball of the season and Moore con-
tributing both hustle an<i POints to the Triton lineup. 

Next hom ~ame i January 11 (Saturday) at 8 p.m. 111 the gym. 

Even mini -earthquakes in the 
sea can now be pinpointed for the 
first time with new seismic 
monitoring capsules that have 
been developed and successfully 
tested In an area of high 
seismicity 

Scientists and engi neers of tile 
La lolla Laboratories of UC San 
Diego's Institute for Geophysics 
and Planetary Physics (IGPP) 
conducted major capsule ex-
periments off the tip of Baja 
Cal iforn ia last spring, using 
Sc ripps Institution of 
Oceanography's R/V Ellen B. 
Scripps. 

The new ocean -bottom , 
eismometer "pop-up" capsule is 

the creation of. Dr. William A. 
Prothero , Jr ., assistant research 
physicist at IGPP, which is based 
at Scripps, and Scripps graduate 
student Ian Re id. 

Under a grant from the 
National Scien ce Foundation, 
Prothero and Reid conceived and 
designed the capsule, did most of 
its assembly , and executed field 
tests. Estimated cost for a si ngle 
capsule is $15 ,000. • 

Prothero discussed results of 
these tests during the meeting on 
December 17 of the American 
Geophysical Un ion held in San 
Franci co . 

I n an interview, Prothero said 
sci entist an use earthquake 

THE UCSD CATHOLIC COMMUNITY 
~ t . 
~ 

uc 
'S D 

~ 

MASS SCHEDULE 
Saturday 11 :30p.m. 

Sunday 8:30 a.m. 

University Lutheran Church 
9595 La lolla Shores Drive 

University Lutheran Church 
10:30a .m 
5:00p.m . 

Sutdent Center (ground floor , north end) 

Tuesday and Thursday noon 

CHAPLAINS 

University Lutheran Church 
University Lutheran Church 

Fathers Ed Donovan and Bernard Camp~1I 
Office - Office of Religious Affairs 

MC 302452-2521 452-2548 

Residence - 3115 Bremerton Place, La lolla 92037 - 453-3850 

data from capsules to defi ne 
active faults , 10 determine the 
depth of the earth's brittle zone 
that can produce earthquakes, 
and to study oceanic st ructure. 

He said, "Most of the major 
ridge-transform fault systems 
occur in the sea, and, with the 
advent of the plate tectonics 
theory, seismic measurement of 
these areas becomes more im-
portant and meaningful. 

"We have now devised the first 
system that is able to find the 
location and depth of ear-
thquakes at sea," said Prothero, 
adding that in the past ex-
perimental difficulties have been 
so great that very little sea-f loor 
seismic data exists. 

" Through increasing our 
knowledge of earthquakes in the 
ocean, we hope to better un-
derstand the frequency and 
behavior of earthquakes on land," 
he said . 

"This new technology can also 
be a useful tool for industry in 
making decisions about proposed 
sites for ocean operations. Areas 
can now be analyzed for ear-

thquake actiVity, and the lea t 
hazardous locatiOns chosen .. 

• non.rofU 
DubUc .. rwlC8 

_"cY 

Birth 
Control 
institute 

• Coumaling 

• p ..... ..cy Testing 

• Abortion 
• Birth ContrOl 

• VasectomY 
• FIlfMIe Steriliz.Uon 

ClII Bel for 
confidentill assis~ 

01., 283-6351 
(11")~5751 

\ 

--

( .. Iif. "~.l' -1"3-
PAP 7 TritOll Timft 'MtUAry " 1975 



advertisements for ourselves 

for sale 

,.,. HolNla cln.. hol",ot8. lult 
..., ..... ...... utility .... II1II/ ..... 
.... Eel. Ip"l01 

lrend _ FoIII 1O-apood bill.. muat 
...... or baat offer ...... __ 
AIk for LaoIoy. 11/.' 

Poueoot U~ 21" bicycle. Mint condo 
..... • ,2111. Call T .. lI5-t1.' 

11I·"Tu.lnatr. CaIcu"tor ~_ Boob 
For Math ,., .. Moth , • . Mlka offer. B.-.-J. __ I'"' 

Color TV. 23 In. Zenith Conaole make 
offar. Sturdy wood doak fM ltudy M 
wortlahop ta Bill . -.al7/. __ 
1111' 

DacM wetault. Lare. top mod panta. 
.. T.1. SR·'O calcu .. tor. Great con· 
dltlon . .... 412·'" Don. 11/1' 

Compl.ta Mlnolta Cemera outfit. 3/11" 
wet ault. uNCI hlkln. boote. complete 
2111 .. I. equarium. n.2 K·vaM tank. call 
Gerald ...... (1/1' 

'LlPSTICK PLANTS' can Bloom Whole 
S.m .. tar In Your Room. Mlchlel·. 
P"nta & Partl ... 7., Fey. La Jol ..... 
'lliI11. (p 1/8' 

For S.I.I 2 big PHYSICS book • . 
H.lllday-R .. nlck .nd 10 text. B .. t 
condition. Call431-2D4. (1"01 

wanted 

TV-UHF. " "-2' ''. f.lrty new. good condo 
• bout ... .lao .kl pol .... ngth not 
critical. 453-4114 (11131 

TENORS. BAS>S!S: regardl_ of your 
.tudy emphall.. If you hlv. • good 
volee .nd cht rat expert.ne. and .Ing 
on pitch. p ........ rrang •• n .udltlon 
with Dr. John Large. Mu.lc Dept. . 412-
3ZIO. (1/81 

Morrl.on .nd Boyd'. Org.nlc 
Chlml.try w th a_er book. Call 
Steve at 715-7:.11. Th.nx. (1/11 

ZEIIO POPULATION GROWTH-lPG-
n.ed. volunt •• r. .nd • c.mpu. 
coordlnetor. Convention Sat Feb 8 C.II 
Dr Chien 231-0412. 11 /101 

POille 8 Triton Times 'Olnuary 8, 1975 

II..,.. lock. In _ ...... for Muir 
look ............ 11111 

NEED IlIDE to 000...... or UCLA 
Thu .... nleht or FrIcIoy. WI ..... re ..... 
drlvlne. -'JII7lar11ore 11111 

NEED EXTRA CASH? Pavlne Top Dollar 
for your U.I. ..., Coina Minted 
bot_ , • . Kon ..... lpl/M' 

. 

semces 

HAIRCUTI on campu. by • 
prot .... _1 ~cut ~II Ma"" __ 
... or 8th fI_ TI .... H •. (1/131 

FREE PLANT CARE CLASS. Vturadaya 
7:30. Michl .. •• P"nta ft PartIN. 7., 
F.y. La JoI ... 414-81 to reglator. (p 1/11 

DATSUN STUDENT DISCOUNTS .11 
modela .v.l .. ble call Mr. FI_y 282-
21 • . (p1/13, 

T.rm Paperal Caned.'. "rent aervlc • . 
For catalogu. ..net t2 to: E_y Sar-
vic... rr7 Spedlne Av... No. . . 
Toronto. Ontarto. C.nada. (pllIl 

SUMMER JOBS FOR 71 - No ex-
pertenea nac .... ry. Apply for lob •• t 
State .nd FeeI.ral P.riI •• Gunt R.n-
chn. Tourl.t r .. orta. prtvate camp • . 
L .. m How. When .nd Whlre to .pply. 
Racelve over 200 C.llfomla nem ... nd 
• dd,.. .... S.nd " .00 to J.O.B. P.O. 
BOl( ~ Monter.y. Ca. 13140. (p1/131 

travel 

SSW Trenl Office - ON CAMPUS -
EUROPE & NY Chartera UCSD Int'I 
Centar _-0130 10-3:30 M.W.F. ONLY 
(p11/Z71 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE with 
Char-Toura on P'II-Am. LA departuree . 
RESERVATIONS: TGT ,,.. Sky P.riI f:,'m, 32G. Irvine. Ca. (714,....7011. 

CHARTERS TO EUROPE 117110weet .Ir 
f.,.. from ta. Round trtp to LON· 
DON. Alao • bit more. f1ighta to: AM-
STERDAM. BRUSSelS. IRelAND. 
FRANKFURT. and .om. comblnatlona 
Into one city out .nother. In Sen Diego 
.Inee 1121. ..... DRAPER WORLD 
TRAVEL 211-1141. Alao .tuclant rail 
pa ..... car rantala. purchaH. etc. on .11 
trav" call 211-1141. (p/lnd, 

SOUTH AMERICA & GALAPAGOS 
ISLES 2-4 Month Expor1._. I_-coat. 
Brochu re: NEWWDRLD 
EDUCATIONAL TRIPI PO BOX 2131 
S.lIne •• C • . !13101 . Ip1/101 

personals 

Nothinet-cil I'". II'IIIMcI your .NOt 
wit .. wIId_. C_ by • _ ..... 
aomotI ....... brine Me with you. V.V. 
1'111 

lost and found 

Loet: Gold _tch. Great MntI ..... ntal 
".Iu .. Eneravod , on back. R_nl-no 
qu .. Martha ...... 1'11' 

meetings 
, ' 

M.n· •• nd Wo ..... n·. Ski T .. m. Firat trip 
.nd achodulo will b. dlacueMCI Thura. 
7:00 pm Jan • .t the Rev.... Formel 
loun ... I1I1' 

Firat tllm m .. tlng.. Winter Quarter 
1171- B • ..,.II-Mon .• J.n. 13 at 7:OO-P.E. 
Claaroom; Crew-Mon .• Jan. I .t 3:00-
Boothou .. ; F.nclng·Tu .... Jan. 7 .t 
3:OO-Fenelng Room; Golf (s.. In-
tercol"g"ta S.cretaryl; K.rata (S .. 
Intercoll.glate Secretaryl; Rugby-
Tu ... J.n. 7 at 3:30-Mulr Field; Selllng-
Thura .• J.n. 1 at 4:OO-P.E. C .... room; 
Snow Skllnl 15ee Intercoll'llate 
Secretaryl; Swim mine. Men-Mon .. Jan. 
• .t 3:OO-PooI; Swim min.. Women-
Thura.. J.n. 1 at I:OO-Pool; T.nnls. Men-
Frl.. J.n. 10 .t 4:OO-P.E. C ...... oom; 
Tennl •• Wom.n-Tu .... J.n. 7 at 4:00-
P .E. Cla .. room; Tr.ck. Men & 
Women;Frl .. J.n. 17 at 7:00-P.E. 
C .... room; VolI.yb.ll. Men-Mon .• Jan. 
•• t I:OO-Maln Gym Floor; W,..tllne· 
Mon .. J.n. 1 at 4:OO-W,..ttlng Room; 
Ba.ketbell. Women-Mon.. J.n. 1 .t 
I:OO-Roc. Gym Floor. (1/11 

The Tennl. Club will m .. t Fri Jan 10 .t 1 
pm In the Rac Gym Conf. Room. For the 
next two quartera thl club will b. the 
only .ourc. of tennl. lnetructlon 
outalde of PE C ....... 11/10' 

CAMPUS CRUSADE m .. tlnl Friday. 
7:00 pm In the Wlnd.or Common. at the 
Med School. AU ARE WELCOME. 
(1/101 

Flr.t S .A.T.C.H. «Student. Actlv. 
Tow.rd. Community H .. lthl m .. tlng 
of the y .. r. Wednnday 1:00 p.m. 
Student Lounl' .t Student C.nt.r. S .. 
yOU there. Info. x-48. 11/11 

Communlcatlone Board Meeting 1 p.m. 
Thura. St. Orl. Conf. room. (1/81 

Pep B.nd will m .. t Thuraday Jan 1 
from 7:3Q.8pm In Rm. 20 of the 
Rocreatlon Gym. No inatrumenta. (1/11 

FOURTH COLLEGE STUDENTS: Voice 
your opinion. on UC5D hou.lng 
.Itu.tlon. M .. tlng. Thura.. J.n. I. .t 
12:30 p.m. In the Student Centar urg. 
Conf. Room. Rocommendetlona on 
w.y •• tudanta . hould be houNd for the 
1171·" .c.demlc year will be 
dlacu .. ed. 11/81 

hOusing 

NoocI 2 ooncI ........ t71.1II11'1O. Own 
room • ..- not 1naI. FuI kIeDhon. 2 
both.)oGuaI. pool Cal .... Don. or 
!toy atZ71·JM4. AvdobIo 11IIIftOd.1'1II 

~ .. 1I.0ta Wanted Country atyIo 
houao. 110m. chlck_ ItiC. ........ privata 
room .. ...,. month .... Evoninea 
only. 1111' 

ROOMMATE WANTED: ma .. """' _n 
rm. pota OK. uti. Incl .. call l12li73 
laraine. x2I2I-Marcia. _ ..... 
1111' 

what's happeni 

films 

FREE FILM: " TOO LATE TO WAIl" MC 
n1 Racreatlon Hall. Matthowa Cam-
pu.. Wed.. J.n. •• 7:30 P.M. Alao 
apoaker: EII.hI V.,.. will be talking 
about "HARAMBE HOLIDAY." (1/1' 

notices 

If you nood 4 unlta of credit .nd are 
Intareatod In tutoring • 1_ dlvlalon 
math or .cl.nc. cOu,... call berbara M 
Chlta at 412-3710 or go to Bldl. 210 MC. 
11/131 

FRESHMEN & SOPHOMORES-P ..... 
alln up botore I pm FrI for my ex-
periment In I_mlng .ouncla. Datall. 
Pooted neer _t oIevetor Ith FI_ Muir 
pel Bldg (2CI. (1/101 

F.culty Sherry Hour thl. Wed .• 4:00 to 
1:00 p.m .• Blak. H.II Conf. Room. 1.t 
floor. w .. t .Ide •• pon.ored by Office of 
Rellglou. Aff.lra. No hlddon aganda • • 
lu.t ref,..hment and conv.,..tlon. All 
f.culty welcome. 11/81 

Studant Body Coop nood. volunt..,. 
for .ta~ld. UC commlttMa. Call x-
.., for Info. 11/1' 

0 .... Ia offering apood roocIIne. atucIy 
.kllia. and note-taklne c...... All 
groupa will bowln 2net w .. k of quarter. 
Call Chlta .t 412-3JIO M 10 to Bid • . _ 
MC. 11/13' 

TABLE TENNIS BENEFlT--US Wmna 
T_m. Patty Martinez INo. 2 UI,. D_n 
Ga"rdl (No. 1 Jrl .. more' • pm 1/. 
Conforenea Bid.. Balboa Pk. ., Info 
-.oa. lp1/101 

'Youne "llnlll_n ...b 
~for"""'"",""'" 
fum. ................. Celli ...... 
.. .... _ I. Ip"l01 

HOU.EMATEI NEEDED .tudon .. 
..mine "- In UnIvoNIty CIty iwvo 
ftWO _nt ,...... to .... out. fur.. 
nIahocI ~o. T.V ........ ..., ... _ 
Z_ko cell M .......... oreth floor 
TIoea. H .... 1"'. 

ROOMMATE WANTED: f ......... _ 
rm. fumlahod houoa. D.M .• no pate. tUI 
call l12li73 laraine • .,· .. DI_ 11/111 

new classes 

Blo 121. Neurobiology I. ThIN hou~ 
Ioc. Prerequlalte: .~I bloloev or 

g~1 paychology. Open roeIftrotion. 
cou,.. cod. 11074. M.W.F. 4:00-1:30. HII 
1330. (1/101 

Attention all lunlora ... nlora and lrada 
In Hlatory. Literature and Sociology. 
Tho Meond part of • 3 quarter In-
terdlaclpHnary .. mlnar will be offered 
on Mon .. 3-1 In 1m HL latin American 
Emoreene. : Continuity and Change In 
the HI.panlc Frontier. Saa cle .. 
<'IChodu" for coura. cod ... (1/101 

Profe •• or N.ftall Br.ndw.ln ha. 
arrlveel on campu. from Brandola 
U nlveralty where ho Ia a prof_or of 
Hebrew Literature. He will be • VI.ltlnl 
Prof_or In Utoratura and Cuhural 
Tradition. for tha Wlntar Quarter. 1171 . 

Profe •• or Brandwein I. an ac-
compll.heel .cholar In the field of 
mod ... n Hebrew Literature. H. Ia the 
.uthor of Me.h_ H.·.hk .. h. e .tully 
of thl .tream of coneclou._ In 
mod.rn H.brew literature. publlohod In 
Jorv .... m In 1 •. In thIa country ho 
hal pubHahod Alhor Baraah: SeIoction 
and Critical Analy.1a 11.'. a book-
length .tudy of ,..Ilam In moclorn 
Hebrew literature. In acklltlon. hi. ar· 
tie ... on David Shlmonl. I. Rabinovitz. 
A. Zeitlin. S.Y. Allnon. and moclorn 
Heb_ ~rature In .. nerol hlva .... n 
pubHahod In acad ..... 1c loumala and 
variou. porIodlcala. 

Prof_ Brandw .. n wi. be offorIne 
tho foll_lnl cou,.. .1vIn both In 
Hebrew and In trana .... on: H __ 
LIt.rature: 1.,...1 Society a Reflactod 
In Cont.mporary Hebrew Utorature M· 
W-F t:OO-t:IO. Iioloey lulkllne room 
2103. Llterature/Gonerol ,., Icourea 
coclo 1171' and lItorature/Hebrew ., 
(cou,.. code 11771 A atucty In con-
tamporery pro.. and poetry. the chief 
Pf'OM wm.r S.Y. A.non. H. Huu. A. 
MeeocI. M. Shamlr and othon. Tho 
poetry Ie boNd mainly on the work of 
B .. llk. G,.....,.. Ihlonaky. llatoah. 
Alterman. Goldbore and G .... 

Tho four ...... or them .. of the cou,.. 
.ra: " the .tru .... of fathora and ... 
21 IcIoallzation of .. ~ 31 roIIeI-
and political .tru.... of tho nathra 
I.ra ... 41 the man In I"'" eooIoty-the 
qu .. t for IcIoa .. In tho wortd of oonfIIct 
and theellourd. 

PrOM and poetry ' are Intoeratod In 
order to cIofIna and cIoveIop .n un-
doratlndlng of thOM thlneo. end tho 
roIotl_hIp to tho cIovoIopmont of 
Hebrew literature of tho !oat oontury. 
Empha.la I. placad on literary 
crltlclem. The cou,.. Involwa an Itt-
vatl .. tlon Into tho Intoe.... roIotIon-
.hlp of IIWrary form end content. with 
application to tho ,..,Irod matorteI. 

P,.,.qulllto: It '-t _ yeor of 
Heb_ fot UtlHeb .'. lIoqu'-nta: 
midterm paper. flnol ... m. I'"' 


