
Friday, October 24, 1975 

Reactions Here to 4% 
F ac,:,lty Ra~e are Mixed 

by Ala .. R.-eU 
Staff Writer 

Student Center BOA: Not a 
Replacement for Bookman 

The UC Regents proposed 
faculty pay increase of 4.08%, 
smallest for UC teachers in nine 
years, has met with mixed reac-
tions. 

by Robin DeRleux 
Staff Reporter 

A proposal by the Student 
Cooperative to establish a student 
Board of Authority (~OA) 

Figures of " real earning" have 
shown that the actual spending 
power of the faculty has declined 
steadily Since the 19608, and though 
this trend will probably continue ' 
through this year and future ones, 
that point does not appear to be the 
main concern of faculty or ad-
ministration. Vice-chancellor Saltman 

Body Found 
At UCSD 
Reidentified 

The body of a man found Friday 
on the uc San Diego campus. has 
been identified as Clyde William 
Blake, 26, of Los Angeles. 

Sheldon Schultz, UC San Diego 
Academic Senate chairman, said, 
"By anybody's standards a 4.08% 
pay increase is below the expected 
rate." 

Schultz said that the governor 
and legislators used an " interplay 
of forces" in deciding on the 
amount of the pay incr~ase . Theirs 
was a matter of judgement in 
trying to establish a parity of pay 
and the amount of essential money 
needed " to get by." 

Schultz added that he will be 
interested in seeing what happens 
to other state employees, and in 
fact whether they will get con-
siderably more than 4%. 

If this sort of thing occurs, and 
continues to happen in future 
'jears, there Is a possibility that the 
faculty may do more than com-
plain, with the end result of a 
recognized UC faculty union. 
However, no serious proposal of 
this rna Mer has been put forth yet. 

The Issues of Importance 
Personally Schultz thought that 

though the economic issue was 
important, it should not be the 
motivating factor for the faculty. 
He believed that educational 
policies and academic freedom 
should be the issues of importance. 
Paul Saltman, UCSD Vice-
chancellor for Academic Affairs, 
brought out some interesting 
points on the faculty pay increase. 

He said that the 4.08% figure 
being "tossed" about is not en-
tirely accurate in that it does not 
include fringe benefits, and, most 
importantly, the upward drift in 
salaries of comparative in-
stitutions. 

The comparative Institutions in 
question are eight comparable 
Wliversities by which the UC 
faculty pay increase is being 
judged by the Post~ndary 

Education Commission. 
This pay scale was agreed upon 

several years ago by all UC facets, 
including faculty, as well as the 
governor and legislature. 

Adding Friog Benefits 
Saltman said that the 4.08% 

figure registers last years pay rate 
of the eight universities, and that 
by adding fringe benefits and this 
year's pay scale of the schools, the 
final figure for the UC faculty 
earnings increase would be from 5 
lh %t07lh %. 

The Vice-chancellor conceded 
that the figure was not great, but 
added, " We're long on 
academics." He also said that 
there were many factors "kicking 
hell out of the facuity. " 

Saltman feared the con-
sequences of faculty unionization, 
thinking that it would change the 

Continued on Page 8 

Police had previously identified 
the man' as John Desmond on the 
basis of a baptismal certificate 
found in a coat near the body. 
Investigators said a fingerprint 
check with Sacremento correctly 
identified Blake. 

The body was found east of John 
Jay Hopkins Rd. in a dump of 
bushes by Clancy Latham Jr. , an 
assistant development engineer in 
the physics department, and UCSD 
student David Weekly. 

A definite cause of death has yet 
to be determined, but the county 
coroner's office suspects Blake 
was killed by an overdose of 
morphine. 

A spokesman for UCSD has said 
that. the dead man was not enrolled 
here under either name. 

Weare Recall Petition is 
Submitted with 665 Names 

A petition, with 665 signatures, has been submitted asking a recall 
election for Del Mar City Councilman John Weare. 

It is the first time in Del Mar's 16 years of cityhood that a such petition 
has been filed against a council member. 

Weare, 34, is a UC San Diego <;hemistry professor. 
Only 550 signatures of registered Del Mar residents were necessary to 

initiate a election. The city clerk now has a month to verify the 
signatures, addresses and precinct numbers. 

If at least 550 of the signatures are valid, the city will have to hold a 
recall election within three months. There is a possibility that the recall 
could be held at the same time as the regular council elections March 2. 

Pocketbook Issues 
The head of the recall effort, Helen Drysdale, told the San Diego Union 

the petition drive succeeded because voters are concerned with 
"pocketbook issues" more than anything else. She has accused Weare of 
ignoring the people in his council activities. 

She said complaints about Weare among petition signers cut " really . 
across the board." 

"Obviously, he hasn't had an open mind, or else he wouldn't be in this 
Continued on Page 11 

Boord May Choose "Unappropriate " Area 

County Can't Find a Beach for Nudity 
A new county ordinance, per-

mitting nude sunbathing on certain 
North County beaches has proved 
meaningless so far becauae the 
county staff has been unable to find 
a beach that meets its 
specifications. 

However, the county parks and 
recreation director, Lloyd T. 
Lowrey, indicated in a meeting in 
EnCinitas Tuesday night that he 
":ould give the Board of Super-
Visors the option of choosing a 

~ach for nude bathing that he and 
hi staff did not find appropriate. 

He did not say what site he WBI 
referring to. 

The superviaol'i voted last month 
~ prohibit rwdtty on all OUt 

~wlmsuits optional" beaches, and 
directed county lteff to find ap-
propriately IICluded areo for 
pOSSible desipation u auch. '!be 

supervisors will hear the report by 
Lowrey OIl Nov. 4. 

Nudity on one beach in Encinitas 
- where people have been sun-
bathing in the nude for several 
years - was opposed by the at-
torney for the Self-Realization 
Fellowship, which is located ad-
jacent to the beach. 

He said churchgoers have been 
offended by nude bathers and 
volleyball players on the beach, 
which is located at the end of J St. 
in Encinitas. and announced that 
350 individuals have signed a 
petition support the Fellowship's 
stand. 

Persons attending the meeting 
Tuesday seemed by and large 
opposed to nudity. One proponent 
said the small showtnC in favor of 
nualty was beCause me SW1J1UIUftI 
.. son Is over. 

Robert Stokesberry of the Save 
Our Beaches Committee, a prin-
ciple supporter of the effort to 
maintain San Diego's Black's 
Beach as a swimsuits optional 
area, said a counter-petition had 
been signed by 3000 persons, 
calling for the granting of special 
areas for nude sunbathers just as 
such areas are set aside for sur-
fers . 

responsible for making decisions 
concerning the stUdent center has 
been the subject of controversy in 
recent weeks. 

The BOA would be composed of 
six student members, one from 
each of the four colleges, one from 
the Coop and the remaining 
student chosen from either the 
Graduate Student Council or the 
Graduate Student Union. 
Administrative members on the 
cormnittee would have no voting 
rights; they would act in an ad-
visory capacity only. 

According to Ron Green, who is 
Student Center Director Mark 
Bookman's intern and who 
presented the proposal to the Coop, 
the committee would not replace 
Bookman. 

Bookman viewed this aspect of 
the proposal in the same light; 
whereas he would take care of the 
center's day-to-day functions, the 
Board would be responsible for 
decisions involving policy for-
mation and space allocation. 

Criticisms 
Administrative criticisms of the 

proposal included questions 
concerning the legality of BOA, the 
method of selecting committee 
members and proposed payment of 
its members. 

Before the BOA can be im-
plemented, it must pass through 
the UC San Diego administration 
and the UC Regents. It is here that 
the BOA 's legality and the 
limitations on its power would be 
decided. 

Board member selection, as the 
proposal now stands, would be 
made by the Appointments and 
Evaluations .Committee of the 
Coop. 

Both Bookman and Vice-
chancellor and dean of student 
affairs George Murphy felt that the 
representatives should be ap-
pointed by the individual college 

councils instead of the Coop 
committee. 

Murphy, explaining his position, 
felt that "Student affairs should be 
run independently of the political 
activity on campus." 

As for the financial con-
sequences of the BOA, authors of 
the proposal felt that some com-
pensation was due to the Board 
members for time spent on com-
mittee work, and so proposed that 
the students be paid $10 for each 

George S. Murphy 
meeting attended. The Board 
would meet five times per quarter. 

Fairness 
Both Murphy and Bookman 

ouestioned the fairness of ar-
bitrarily paying the BOA mem-
bers, while not appropriating 
money to other campus councils. 
They felt that a uniform policy 
should be drawn up to determine 
on which councils the members are 
to receive payment or units for 

, their work. 
Passed by the Coop, the BOA 

proposal was rejected by Murphy. 
At present, the proposal is being 

researched, clarified, and revised 
for resubmission to the Vice-
chancellor. 

GSU Calls for Strike Vote 
on November 3 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

The Graduate Student Union (GSU) Wednesday night approved a 
proposal calling for a November 3 membership vote on a work stoppage 
November 14,20 and 21, and an indefinite strike beginning January 12. 

The resolution goes on to read: "This course of action presupposes an 
unsatisfactory administration response to our October 14 letter. We all, of 
course , hope that the administration will soon begin to engage in 
productive negotiations with us. 

"We must , however, be prepared strategically in the event of their 
failing to do so." 

By consensus the approximately 100 GSU members present approved 
that proposal as a middle ground between two resolutions calling for no 
work action or an immediate strike starting November 3. 

The approved proposal, labeled "escalatory work action," was chosen 
to let undergraduates know "ahead of time" about a strik during winter 
quarter, GSU media contact Dan Rosen said yesterday. 

It was also decided to set a deadline and give the administration time to 
negotiate, he said. 

ot against Undergraduates 
Rosen emphasized that any GSU action was directed solely against the 

administration, and not against undergraduates and faculty. It was 
reported Wedn day night that Chancellor McElroy 1as denied a GSU 
request for a formal meeting with UC Pre ident Saxon wh n he visit UC 
San Diego November 25. 

The GSU is plaMing a demonstration for that day, Rosen said. 
Also discussed was the possibility of massive teacher-assistant layoffs 

spring quarter. This, GSU members fet'l, is in vitabl because meUit 
department ar using spring funds to hire TAs now. 

Additionally, a November 13 meeting with invitations sent to 
representatives of the Association of State, City , and MWlicipal 
Employees and the American Federation of Teachers wa announced. 

Rosen said the GSU has been negotiating with both groups . 



~I 

f rlfoll flllll'S 
uc ....... 

Mark Woelber 
Mau.lllledIW 

Jams G. Soto 
Cltyedllor 

CnitUdiida 
Opi.rCNI edilor 

Sara LoweD 
_ c.mm ... Uy edltar 

The Jriton Times is recognized as the official student newspaper by 
the Communicotions Boord of UCSO. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of the majority of the editorial board (above), and not the 
views of the University, the Communications Boord or the student 
bo4y. 

Strebel Considers Report 
On Brueckner Inadequate 

by DoaaId E. Strebel 

Professor Keith A. Brueckner 
and his cronies, as members of the 
" inner ring" at UCSD, are used to 
getting their own way. Their 
contributions to education here are 
never more than "voluntary". 
They can and do pull rank on 
anyone else at UCSD, includi(lg 
Chancellor McElroy . Con-
sequently, the committee which 
investigated the Brueckner per-
formance in last year's Science 4B 
was under tremendous pressures. 
It was tacitly expected that they 
should find a way to mollify the 
students while exonerating 
Brueckner. 

The schizoid nature of the report 
submitted by the investigating 
committee results from an attempt 
to satisfy this dual objective. The 
fact that the committee left this 
two-sided role obvious to any 
perceptive reader speaks for their 
honesty. It is clear to the most 
casual reader (try the library for a 
copy) that the committee 
thoroughly condemned the 
"common faculty practices" so 
freely adopted (if not actually 
initiated, years ago) by Brueckner. 
It is also clear that they con-

demned Brueckner himself, while 
paying the proper and expected 
courtesy of excusing him on flimsy 
technical grounds. 

was only formed in the last week of 
the Spring Quarter. This severely 
hindered the committee's attempt 
to conduct a fair review, since they 
were unable to exercise the 
necessary thoroughness : they had 
time to interview only 9 students 
(during exam week!), and did not 
obtain and examine such pertinent 
materials as the preposterous 
exams used in the course. They did 
not interview the undergraduate 
graller who was a monitor at many 
of the exams, nor did they talk to 
Brueckner's NSF -fuilded secretary 
who was illegally used to do 
coursework. Further, they were 
too timid to look into the 
relationships and conflicts between 
Professor Brueckner's many 
private business activities and his 
responsibilities as a UCSD 
professor. (Background reading: 
" WHEN 00 A PROFESSOR'S 
SUPPLEMENTARY EARNINGS 
BECOME A MATTER OF 
PUBUC CONCERN?", Science 
Forum, June, 1975.) 

These general criticisms make it 
clear that the report, although it 
may represent heroic efforts to 
uncover the truth, is not sufficient. 
This is also seen in the way it treats 
several of the specific complaints: 

INTIMIDATION OF 
STUDENTS: In a remarkable 
example of pseudo-Nixonian 
double talk, the report states (p. 5), 
"The students interviewed and the 

Continued on Page 4 

Friday, Cktoller 24, 1175 

Letters to the Editor 

Twenty-one Physics Faculty Call 
for End to Appalling Campaign 

We, the undersigned members of 
the faculty of the Physics 
Department, are appalled by the 
continuing campaign of pel'lOlUll 
abuse being carried on in the 
Triton Times against Professor 
Keith Brueckner. Last spring 
fonnal charges were brought 
against . Professor Brueckner by 
Mr. Donald Strebel. These charges, 
supported· by student petitions 

. indicating widespread 
dissatisfaction with Professor 
Brueckner's teaching of Science 48 
in the winter quarter, prompte4 
the Administration to ·set up an 
investigating committee. This 
committee, comprised of Patrick 
Ledden (Associate Provost, Muir 
College), Tom Hull (Assistant Vice 
Chancellor, Academic Affairs,) 
and Frederick Olafson (Chairman, 
Department of Philosophy), 

recentl~ reported their findings to 
the Chancellor. The Chancellor 
submitted the complete text of the 
report to the Triton Times on 
September 9, 1975. 

Although the Triton Times ap-
pears to be in the process of 
publishing a series of com-
mentaries on the report written by 
Mr. Strebel, it has not published 
the text of the report itself. We are 
therefore attempting in this letter 
to bring before the campus com-
munity some considerations which 
have not received sufficient em-
phasis. 

The Physics Department is 
responsible for most of the physics 
instruction on this campus. It is our 
collective responsi bility to see to it 
that undergraduate instruction, 
graduate instruction, and graduate 
research supervision are ~arried 

out in an effective and 
professionally acceptable manner. 
U a course C8U11es widespread 
student dissatisfaction, it is our 
responsibility to inveatigate and to 
ameliorate the situation. H we 
learn about the situation only after 
the fact, we can only work to 
prevent recurrences. If, however, 
student reaction is communicated 
during the course, we can work 
with the instructor to improve the 
course while it is still in progress. 
We therefore welcome prompt 
student Input, and encourace 
students to communicate their 
problems to their instructors, and 
to the Department Chainnan. 

In the case of Science 48, neither 
the Physics nor APIS Department 
offices, nor the Muir College 
Provost's office was aware of the 
level of student dissatisfaction. As 
the Committee report points out, 
"One other possible source of in-
formation about the course that 
might have been available to 
Professor Brueckner was, of 
course, Donald Strebel himself. We 
asked Mr .. Strebel, who was 
carefully following the course 
through the reports he solicited 
from former students and through 
occasional attendance at the 
lectures, why he had not com-
municated his sense of the way 
things were going to the lecturer 
while there are still a possibility of 
his benefitting from such in-
formation, rather than waIting 
until the course was over. His 

, answer was that he did not feel he 
was in a position, given his status 
in the university, to asswne such a 
responsibility. It was pointed out to 
him that by making his charges 

Extra Bike Shop Info 
I was disappointed to see that two important facts had been left out of 

the October 20 Triton Times article on the UCSD Bike Shop. No mention 
was made of the shop's location, other than that it is on Matthews 
Campus. The Bike Shop occupies a quonset hut next to Mail Services, just 
east of the Matthews Campus dorms. The Bike Shop may move into new 
headquarters upon completion of Step II of the Student Center. The 
present phone number is 452-4279, and the shop is open Monday - Friday, 
from 12-5. 

.The second item ~eft out of the article concerns where to get the UCSD 
~ike Book: It IS aV~llable at the above-mentioned Bike Shop, at EDNA, or 
10 the BuslDess Office, 204 MC, in Ken Bowers ' office. 

LINDA MARKS 

public he had, of course, assumed 
an even graver responsibility, and 
without giving the accused a prior 
opportunity to reply to these 
charges; but this observation did 
not appear to have any lmpact on 
him. In our view, bowever, Mr. 
Strebel should have gone to 
Professor Brueckner and laid the 
situation in the course .. he I8W it 
before him. He had been, in effect, 
the bead TA in the sequence for 

. some time, and what he bad to say 
would therefore have carried 
considerable authority, if be had 
been wi1IinI to comport himseH 
with normal counesy and had 
refrained from the Injurious and 
unsupported characterizations of 
Professor Brueckner's motives 
which disfigure his many public 
statements in this matter." 

The last sentence of the above 
quotation from the Committee 
report explains why we are ap-
palled by the campaign following 
Science 4B. We sincerely 
acknowledge the importance of 
student criticism as an effective 
force in improving the quality of 
education. But is a campaign of 
" injurious and unsupported 
characterizations of ... motives" a 
constructive way to improve the 
quality of education? .Dr is it ~ 
stead a way of harrassing a 
professor to the point where his 
effectiveness in the further per-
formance of his duties might be 
seriously impaired? - in this case, 
a professor of extraordinary 
distinction who has contributed so 
much to UCSD in so many ways. 

These excuses, and the con-
tortions it took to arrive at them, 
weaken the report. Just the same, 
its critical conclusions are strong 
enough to constitute a mandate for 
corrective actions. As shaIl be 
seen in later sections of this 
commentary, this aspect will make 
the report invaluable to the 
Accrediting Commission in seeing 
through the florid claims of our 
self-congratulatory ad-
ministrators. 

Kissinger Bans Hugo Blanco: Why? 

No one questions that Keith 
Brueckner is one of the world's 
most eminent physicists. During 
his fifteen years at UCSD he has 
supervised the PhD research of 
seventeen students, an ex-
traordinarily high figure. Many of 
these students are now respected 
scientists therrurelves, and some of 
them take the trouble to teU us how 
exciting a teacher Professor 
Brueckner was to them, both in 
classes and in personal 
discussions. Moreover, Professor 
Brueckner made remarkable 
contributions as OI1e of the foun-
ders of UCSD - as the first Physics 
Department Chairman and later as 
the first Dean of what was then 
called the School of Science and 
Engineering. It is not in the best 
interest of education at UCSD that 
a faculty member who has con-
tributed so much in the past, and 
from whom we can continue to 
expect distinguished service in the 
future, be subjected to' 
harrassment. Let us inatead 
proceed constructively to use the 
Committee Report ' as a starting 
point for work toward eIimiDating 
deficiencies in undergraduate 

The three diligent but overly-
diplomatic men who compiled the 
report were Mr. Tom Hull 
(Assistant to Vice Chancellor 
Saltman), Dr. Patrick Ledden 
(Acting Provost , Muir), and 
Professor Frederick Olafson 
(Chairman, Philosophy) . These 
men, despite their honesty, were 
not able to dissociate themselves 
entirely from fle preconditioned 
biases of th~i r faculty/ad· 
ministrative I'ositions. This 
possibility was j}e reason behind 
my suggestion that the committee 
would be in~onplete without a 
student membeJl. Such a merober 
was also fonnaUy requested by a 
Graduate S' u ent Council 
resolution of Ju le ,1975. No such 
mt:mber was e\er ppointed. As a 
result, the conclusions of the report 
are dominated by the perception 
that individual s tudents are but 
short tenn .ransients, whose 
complaints will die out naturally 
with only a modicum of delay and 
neglect. 

The delay strategy was initially 
invoked by Vice Chancellor 
Saltman, who blocked a proper 
probe for over 6 weeks. Thanks to 
this, the investigating committee 

It •• I' " I •• 

by Joseph Ryan 

On September 24 Secretary of 
State Henry Kissinger struck a 
harsh blow against academic 
freedom. On that day Kissinger 
arbitrarily denied a visa to noted 
Peruvian Quthor Hugo Blanco. 
Internationally known for his 
leading role in the peasant 
struggles of Peru, and for his 
Wlconditional ~efense of political 
prisoners in Latin America, Blanco 
was scheduled to begin a nation-
wide speaking tour Sept. 25 on the 
topic, Latin America : A Continent 
Without Justice. The tour was 
being coordinated by the United 
States Committee for Justice to 
Latin American Political 
Prisoners (USLA) . 

According to a State Dept. 
spokesperson, Kissinger used a 
McCarthy era piece of legislation, 
the McCarran-Walter Act, as the 
basis for his decision. Among other 
things this sei!tion declares 
ineligible for visas people who 
"write, or publish, or advocate, or 
teach," the "overthrow" of the 
United states or any other "or-
ganized government," "com-
munist doctrines," "assaulting or 
killing police officers," damage or 
entry, or destruction of private 
property," or "sabota~e." 

When asked which of these 
things Blanco is supposed to have 
done the state Dept. spokesperson 
replied that the information was 
" classified" on grounds of 
"national security." 

Hugo Blanco 
Why is Mr. Blanco being ban-

ned? Is he dangerous to the 
" national security" of the US as 
the State Dept. would have us 
believe? Apparently the Swedish 
and Canadian governments felt no 
" threat" from him. He just 
finished a speaking tour of Sweden 
and Canada and those govern-
ments were not " toppled" as a 
result of his visit. In fact, despite 
Kissinger's best efforts, Blanco did 
spend a day in the US when his 
flight to Peru had to land at Miami 
for repairs. Oddly, Blanco's un-
scheduled visit did not prove to be 
fatal to that city. 

The real reasons for Kissinger's 
ban would appear to be Blanco's 
ideas. Often harsh in his criticism 
of US supported dictatorships in 
Latin America , and an eyewitness 
to the brutal military coup In Chile, 
Blanco planned on speaking about 

the thousands of political prisoners 
who are jailed and tortured in US 
financed prisons in Latin America, 
His speech would have focused on 
the humarr suffering he witnessed 
first hand before and after the 
bloody coup in Chile, a particularly 
sensitive subject for the CIA and 
the State Dept. these days. 

What else would explain 
Kissinger's anti-democratic 
banning of Blanco? As Blanco said 
in a recent interview about 
Kissinger 's visa denial, " He knows 
I've been in Peru, I've been in 
Argentina, I've been in Chile, and I 
know first hand what the US 
government is doing in those 
countries. Kissinger doesn't want 
me coming· here .to tell the 
American people about it." 

Blanco's treatment stands in 
sharp contrast to the red carprl 
treatment of representatives of the 
Chilean junta, who played a direct 
role in the "overthrow of the 
organized government" of 
Salvadore Allende. Just this IDOJah 
the leader of the Italian fascist 
movement, Giorgio Almirante, 

Continued on Pale 7 

I instruction at UCSD. 
s/WILUAM R. FRAZER 

slWILLlAM B. THOMPSON 
s/BE~DT. MATnnAS 

s/M. BRIAN MAPLE 
slTHOMAS M. O'NEIL 

s/ JOHN M. GOODKIND 
stE. MARGARET BURBIDGE 

slFRANCIS R. HALPERN 
stJOHN H. MALMBERG 

s/NORMAN M. KROLL 
s/CARLE. MCILWAIN 

s/OONAW R. FREDKIN 
s/ROBERT A. SWANSON 

slLEONARD N. UEBERMANN 
slJOHN C. WHEAnEY 

sIW ALTER KOHN 
slLU JEU SHAM 

slLAURENCE E. PETERSON 
stJa)EPHC. Y.CHEN 

stGEORGE FEHER 
slXUONG NGUYEN HUU 

The Triton T,mes is recognized by the Communications Boord of UCSO a. the 
offic,al $ludent newspaper. Publicotion IS on Mondoys, Wednesdoys and 
F"days during the regular school yeor (e.cept on off,ciol holidays). EdilOriol 
and bu.iness off,ce. are located in 117 Bloke Hall on the Revelle ColI"9" 
campus, UniversitY of Colifornlo, Son Oi-.QO. 

leiters to the Ed ,tor and op,nlon columns ore welcomed. All submissions 
. hould be typed on a 74-space lone on nonerolOble poper. They .hould not 
e.ceed three pages in length double .• paced. The Troton Time, rese/ve. the 
"ghtto ed,t submi.Slons becou.e of space J.mltotion. or .tyle requ"ement .. 

For ed'toriol , call 4S2·3<t66; for bu.,ne .. and d,sploy advert'sements, call 
4523468. .' 

Health Critic 
Navarro 
to Speak 

by Brtu Davis 
Staff Writer 

Dr. Vicente Navarro, foremost 
analyst and critic of the health 
system in the-United States and in 
developing countries, will be 
presenting a series of lectures 
entitled "Political Economy of 
Health and Health C.al"f!" . 

• rI.on •• JI1('S 

The presentations will begin ClA U C 
Monday and run daily at various nosts ollene Brass at 
locations at UC San Diego W1ti1 ~ 
October 31. 'W4 h · t C I ~ 

Navarro is a native of Spain who as lng o.n onJerence 
has also travelled extensively in by Edward Simo .. 
Europe and Latin America Special Writer Tr~veling and lodging is being p~ovlded by the CIA. Reno and Dye 

Will also recei~e $100 for "other 
p.x~nl;ps" fro~ the CIA. 
tea~hing and ~arching health Assistant vice-chancellor 
sys eIJ.lS. He IS presently an _ Raymond Dye is one of 50 college 

asso~late . pro~essor at John and university administrators 
Hopkins Un~verslty. . attending a conference at Central' 

Navarro s current t~aching Intelligence Agency (CIA) 
focuses on concepts, policy, ~nd headquarters in Washington the 
methodolo~ . in health planrung Triton Times learned yesterd~y. 

"No Great Interest" . 
Rick Whitehill, an assistant to 

the vice-chancellor for student 
affairs, said the CIA first contacted 
UCSD through University HaIl 
about a month ago . 

and the politlcal economy of the According to CIA and UC San 
health system.. Diego officials, the purpose of the 

The lecture .senes ~olves two-day conference is to solicit 
aro~d these topiCS, dealing with suggestions from college ad-
spe~c p:oblems of. health ex- ministrators on how to improve 
penen~ m both. developed and and increase minority employment 
developmg countries. Each of the in the CIA 

"No oile in student affairs had 
any. g~eat .interest in going," 
Whitehill S31d. " Personally, it's 
Wlcomfortable to be associated 
with the CIA these days, but we felt 
we could not afford to pass up any 
opportunities for minority student 
employment. 

lectures is self-eon\ained. Rowena' Reno an academic 
The Urban an~ Rural Studi~ counselor for 'I'Ilkd College; is also 
Progr~ at T~ College IS attending. Third College associate 
sponsonng the senes. A complete dean Fred Henderson was also 
sched~e of the lecture~ can be asked to attend the conference, but 
fo~d m .the calendar section of the declined the offer "for personal 
Triton Times. reasODs." 

"So, though the CIA asked for 
placement officers to attend the 
conference, we wanted someone 
there with more exoerience. We 
asked Ray (Dye) to attend because 
he has experience in implementing 
student affirmative action. 

Rally Scheduled 
for Hugo Blanco "It would have been a sort of 

censorship if we had not attended 
the conference," Whitehill added. 

The US Committee for Justice to 
Latin ' American Political 
Prisoners (USLA) has scheduled a 
raIly next Tuesday at noon to 
protest the decision to keep 
Peruvian peasant leader Hugo 
Blanco from entering America. 

The rally, to be held in the 
MandeviUe Center Recital HaIl 
will feature USLA national staff 
coordinator, Mike Kelly, speakers 
from the Iberian Peninsula 
Info rmation Group and students 
for Tom Hayden . 

Blanco applied for a visa last 
July to enter the US for a 2O-city 
tour on the topic "Latin America : 
Continent Without Justice," On 
October 7, Sec. of State Henry 
Kissinger denied Blanco's request 
citing without comment a la~ 
barring people who advocate the 
overthrow of any organized 
government. 

ADenJal 
USLA members feel this is a 

de nial of Americans' con-
stitutional rights to hear Blanco, 
and cla~ that ~issinger's ruling 
makes him the first of the signers 
of the recent Helsinki agreement 
that allows authors and lecture~ 
to freely travel between countries 
to violate the accord. ' 

Blanco, in an interview with The 
Militant, said "Kissinger is afraid 
that I will ' speak on the things 
yanqui imperialism is doing in 

~tin America-many of them 
directed by Kissinger him-

s~lf .. .I've been in Chile, and I know 
first hand what the US is doing in 
those countries. ,. 

Sunday EPISCOPAL 
Services In Area 

UCSD EPISCOPALIANS 11 ~30 at 
Univ. Community Ch. 

9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
Fr. Joseph Young ph. 452-0614 
GOOD SAMARITAN (meets at 
Morsey Sch. ) 
2640 Sederblom, University City 
Sand 100.m. (S.S.-aIlO985) 
ST. JAMES BY-THE-SEA 
743 Prospect St. La Jolla 
7:30, 9 (S.S·-oll agel) & 11 
ST. PETER'S 
1 Parish Lone, Del Mar 
8, 9 (5.5.--011 agel) & 11 

Blanco became a leader of the Quecha Indian peasant movement Whitehill said the CIA's in-
in Peru in the 1950s. After that vitation was widely discussed by 
movement became an anned student affai~s . administrators 
struggle Blanco was imprisoned in . before .the decISion was made to 
1963 and tried in 1966 for murder. accept It. 
He was sentenced to 25 years on the He said Chancellor McElroy was 
prison island of EI Fronton. not consulted in the decision. 

In 1967 an international cam-
paign was mounted, with The letter to Dye from the CIA 
demonstrations, resolutions and said that 16 campuses would be 

pet~tions . from Europe, Japan, represented at the conference. 
Ind13, Latm America and the US. Included in that number are UC 

The appeal for Blanco was Berkeley and UC Los Angeles. 
supported by Amnesty Inter- Whitehill said the colleges were 
national, and members of chosen because of their high 
parliament in Britain Italy and minority enrollments. 
Belgium. ' "The CIA wanted people who 

Released and Deported would know the needs of minority 
Blanco was released due. to a students as they relate to getting 

general amnesty in 1970, but soon them in the CT A." Henderson said. 
was deported from Peru because of 
his support of a teacher's strike. 
After living in ~We<1en in exile for 
several years he has just returned 
to Peru. .. 

In 1972 Blanco published the hook 
"Land lind Death," titled after the 
rallying cry of the Quecha peasant 
struggle. This book was called by 
the ~brary Journal, "nec~ry 
reading for those involved with 
contemporary Latin America." 

Gary Foster, the CIA's coor-
dInator for academic relations 
said in his letter to Dye that dUl'ing 
two-day visit " many of the func-
tions of the Agency will be 
described for you, and you will 
learn about the academic skills we 
empl0y. ... We hope you will feelfree 
to give us your views on minority 
recruitment and ~the Agency in the 
formal and infonnal sessions 
throughout the tWo-day period " 

833~5004tOOO 
UnelailUed 
Seholarships 
Over $33,500,000 unclaimed scholarships, grants, aids, and 
fellowships ranging from $50 to $10,000. Current list of 
these sources researched and compiled as of Sept . 15, 1975. 

UNCLAIflED SCHOLARSHPS 
11275 Massachusetts Ave ., Los Angeles. CA 90025 
o I am enclosing $9.95 plus $1 .06 for postage and handling. 

---~--------------------
• PLEASE RUSH YOUR CURRENT LIST OF I 
• UNCLAIflED SCHOLARSHPS SOURCES TO: I I I 
•• 1 Name ,I 

Address ________________ _ 

I Oty I I State Zip__. 
• Ie-Iofom .. fftidenll ple_ edd 6% .. I .. IIX.I • 

~-----------------------~ 

Page 3 

Student Groups Protest 
UCSD Involvement With CIA 

by Craig Uchida 
Opinion EdItor 

At an open press conference held 
at th~ Revell~ Fountain yesterday 
mornmg, various representatives 
of various student organizations 
spoke in opposition to the 
Recruitment of blacks, chicanos 
and women into the Central 
Intelligence Agency (CIA). 

The student organizations, 
notably MECHA (a campus 
or.ganization representing 
chicanos), the Student Coalition 
Against Racism (SCAR), the Black 
Stude'.!t l!nion (BSU), Mujer (an 
orglllllzstion of chicanaa and 
latinas) the Graduate Student 
Union (GSU) and the Women's 
Center, were primarily concerned 
with the participation of UC San 
Diego in the CIA's national con-
ference of college and university 
administrators. 

The purpose of the conference is 
to recruit minorities and women 
into the CIA (see article, this 
page) . 

Two academic counselors 
Rowena Reno and Raymond Dye' 
are attending the conference. ' 

~her UC campuses participating 
lDelude Berkeley and Los Angeles. 

The press conference was caIled 
" to expose the CIA activities on 
campus," according to Adrian 
Benjamin, a spokesperson for the 
Young Socialist Alliance. 

Benjamin asserted that 
" Berkeley, UCLA, and UCSD have 
no business in participating with 

·anything to do with the CIA." She 
further requested that ''all secret 
correspondence between the CIA 
and the University should be 
rp.vealed. " 

Mike Zarate, the SCAR 
spokesperson, regarded the 
recruitment of minorities as an 
atte~pt to " tum our own people 
agaInSt ourselves." 

He demanded that the CIA stay 
off campus and listed three 
demands to the administration 

First, he urged no partici~tion 
by UCSD; second, no funding with 
regar~ to CIA activities concerning 
recnntment; and third, an opening 
of the UCSO/CIA secret files. 

Zarate also criticized the non-
communication between the ad-
ministration and the students. He 
felt that the University community 
should have been informed of the 
oogoings with the CIA. 

He disapproved of the " sneak in 
and sneak out" tactics he says 
were employed by the two 
delegates from UCSD. 

Jim Kavanaugh, introduced as a 
leader and organizer of the GSU 
said he was not surprised by th~ 
CIA activities. 

He remarked that the CIA had 
worked "surreptitiously" in the 
economics department and im-
plied that much of the research 
being done on campus may be 
related to CIA activities. 

He urged students to investigate 
further the UC involvement with 
the CIA. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Ph ilipinos/ Ph ilip l nas interested in 
Low School : A UC Davis Recruiter 
w ill be here today from 1-3 pm in 
the Student Center Lounge. 

Professor Bruce Vermozen of UC 
B.arkeley, will speok today on 
"Comparing Evaluat,ons of Works 
of Art" In the Revelle Formal 
Lounge at 3 pm . 

There will be 0 meeting of the 
Community Boord today in the 
Siudent Organizations Conference 
Room at 11 am in the Student 
Center. 

On Sundoy, October 26, Ihe Seo-
Deucers ore sponsoring 0 f ilm, 
"Blue Water, Wh ite Death" In 
2722. It w ill be shown at 6, 8, and 
10 pm ond the cost IS $.75. 

Would all sludents who have 
favonte serious mUSIC preferences 
or speCIal ensembles they would 
like to have performed on campus 
during 19761n, please mall the ir 
suggestions to John Lorge, Music 
Deportment, B-026. ThiS ,s on at -
tempt to let the Com pus 
Program'1"ing Boord know your 
Wishes. 

~ .. ~EO'S GROCERY 
AMERICAN-ORiENTAl GROCERY & DEli 

Keg Beer 
~ .. 

'; .. \' 10% diSCOUNT w/sTudENT I.D. 

, 

\ 
.. ~_., t 

ALL SANdwicilES 100;., diSCOUNT 
w/STudENT 1.0. 

DElicious ORiENTAl Foods 
EGG Rolls 
MONA PUA 

STOP by ANd look AROUNd ~T 
1149 CAMiNO DEl MAR 481-o1~2 



..... 
Frida)" Oeteber h, 1175 

Muir Reporter Sing for Y our Supp~r 

by Edward Simons 

The SceDic Route 
LA JOLLA, CA. - According to two." 

employees at the Sea Lodge Hotel Cheryl Billings obliged the 
here, Japanese Emperor Hirohito emperor with a six-pack and 
is a " regular guy." passed the rest to Thompson and 

Joe Silver, an attendant at the Silver. 
swank La Jolla hotel, said he and "Where is the empress? " 
several other employees helped the Billings asked. 
emperor fulfill his stated desire to "She's having her valium IV," 
" get down with the boys" during Hirohito chuckled. . 
his recent overnight stay in La "Don't be shocked," the emperor 
Jolla. continued. '''As I was tellinl! Joe. 

Silvers aid he received a call she 's quite off the wall." 
from the emperor's room around " The zoo today," H irohito 
11 pm asking him to bring the laughed. " When we saw that 
emperor another six-pack of Padre drugged koala bear, she was 
beer. convinced it was sick. She told the 

When he entered the room, Silver interpreter to tell the keeper that 
said he saw the emperor watching the bear needed a Coca-Cola 
television and drinking beer from enema. Luckily, our interpreter 
an old mayonnaise jar. The em- told the keeper that the empress 
peror asked Silver to sit down and " thinks the koala bear is cute." 
have a beer. In addition, Silver " I'm sorry," Billings said. 
said, Hirohito withdrew a stock " Don't be ," Hirohito said. 
certificate from his shorts and laughing. "There's more." 
gave it to Silver as a tip. " At Scri pps today--rather, 

" I really didn't expect it," Silver yesterday- they took us to see this 
said. " I mean, here's the emperor big goddam octopus in a tank in the 
of Japan, dressed in Bavarian basement. They kept it a secret, 
shorts and a Hawaiian shirt, hoping to have it ready for us when 
drinking Padre beer and watching we came. Anyway, just as we were 
Sgt. Bilko reruns. ': turning to go, the empress hauled 

Silver noticed that Hirohito this .44 magnum out of her dress 
seemed to have no trouble un- and shot the poor creature in the 
derstanding the humor of Sgt. head. And she was so calm!" 
Bilko. 'When he asked the emperor Hirohito said, laughing and rolling 
why he employed an interpreter, around on the floor. 
Hirohito replied : ''It amuses me to " When I asked her why she did 
do so. He has yet to learn that I it, she said, 'What else could I 
speak English better than he does . do?' " 

" I only hi red him because my According to Billings, the em-
wife - the old bag - flatters herself peror then expressed a desire to 
by thinking he secretly loves her." " do the town incognito ." He put on 

" As tar as I 'm concerned," the some old jeans and a shirt and he 
emperor continued, " he can have and the employees got in Silver 's 
her . Lord knows, I could never van and went to Mom's, a saloon in 
make any sense out of what she Pacifi c Beach. 
says. The woman is insane- Billings sa id they didn 't stay long 
mad .. . you've seen her pictures. If because the emperor was making 
it weren't fo r the downers, she'd be off-c ol or r ema rks to t he 
screaming her brains out right waitresses . 
now. " 

Silvers aid he steered the con-
versation to less sensitive subjects 
by inquiring afte r Hirohito's health 
and his visit. 

The emperor swit ched the 
television off and conversed with 
Silver for some time. Around 12 :30 
'am, Silver said, Hirohito asked 
Silver to get some more beer and 
some more employees into the 
room. 

When Silver returned to the room 
with fellow employees Bill 
Thompson and Cheryl Billings, the 
emperor was seated on the floor 
with a large hookah pipe. 

" Want to do some drugs? " he 
said in dialect , offering the hose to 
Silver. " J esus, I'm wasted," the 
emperor said. " I need a beer or 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SANDl tGO 

PRO LIF' ~ llEAGUE 
Phone 583· LIFE 24 hrs 

Free cOWl~e l ng, study room 
and speakers 

Later , the fo ur went to a Jack-in-
the-Box drive-through at Hirohito's 
insistence. Silver said the emDeror 
ordered a " Big Mack, a Whopper 
and a hand job-hold the meat. " 

" The emperor was all over the 
place," Thompson said. " He was 
quite hyper. He drew these truly 
obscene pictures in the Blake Hall 
men's room at UCSD. They even 
offended me, they were so nasty . 
Plus, he got into a fruit fly 
laboratorv and switched labels on 
the fly bottles." 

Silver sa id he got Emperor 
Hirohito back to the Sea Lodge 
Hotel a bout five in the morning, 
" but not before he put a bag of 
sugar in the manager 's ca r gas 
tank and let the air out of the 

Continued on Page 8 

by Cathy Fltzaurice 
St8HWrller 

Every Wednesday- evening at the 
Muir 5 " Dime there will be live 
entertainment-people "singing for 
their supper", that is, playing for 
free dinners at various San Diego 
resta urants. 

This wiD be part of an overall 
program to develop the "coffee 
house" potential of the 5" Dime, 
which is open four nights a week 
form 9 pm to 12 pm, offering 
various types of entertainment and 
snack bar service. 

The 5 " Dime also offers movies 
every Monday evening, and the 
Muir Activities Programmer, 
Corky Cacas is planning to set up 
lectures, dramas and other en-
tertainment to fill the other nights. 

Newly open to the Muir com-
munity is the Vacant Lot, (located 

Strebel. • • 
CAPE reports cited individual 
instances of brusk treatment by 
Professor Brueckner but there did 
not seem to be any pattern of 
rejection of student contact. tt 
Dismissing the complaint on the 
basis of this unique criterion of 
pattemlessness is interesting: not 
only is it implied that it is 
legitimate for a professor to non-
systematically intimidate 
students, but the argument also 
provides an excellent precedent for 
disputing the next parking ticket 
you receive from the campus 
police. 

CONDUCT AND GRADING OF 
EXAMINATIONS: The charges of 
inadequate supervision and control 
of exams and grading are not 
directly confronted. They are 
dismissed by implications based on 
a recitation of incomplete and 
erroneous " facts" about the 
examinations. The committee did 
not consult an obvious and direct 
source (the undergraduate grader) 
to ascertain the correct facts. 

INSTRUCTIONAL INAD-
EQUACIES: The report notes (p. 
6) that " .. . the students interviewed 
and the remarks on the CAPE 
cards all indicate that the lectures 
were of little value in helping 
students understand the course 
materiaL" The committee agrees 
that " Professor Brueckner's 
lectures .. .left much to be desired" 
(Report, p. 6). Yet they conclude 
that this " in itself does not 
seem ... subject to censure" Report, 
p. 8). In the rea l world, of course, a 
person who was incompetent in his 
job would not simply be censured, 
he would be fired . 

TESTING AND EVALUATION: 
The complaints were that the 
weekly tests were extremely poor 
in wording and content. On the 
basis of hearsa y, the report states 
(p. 7) , " There is little evidence to 
support these charges." However, 
this complaint could have been 
directly evaluated in several ways, 
including a statistical analysis of 
the test grades. The committee did 
not obtain the data necessary for 
such an analysis, nor did they 
examine the tests themselves, or 
have them evaluated by competent 
physics educators. Therefore, it is 

Youn~J Israel 
of Ln Jolla 

on OrlhodoK Congregollon 
Fri eve. sel voces 5:45 p.m . 

OF LA JOLLA 
FANTASTIC SELECT /ON, 

OF 
VA Chopel 

Sol Morn. services IO :30o ,m, 
V A. Chape l 

Torah Siudy Group 
V A Lobby 

sWOOn,s and taculty welcomo 
lor more Into call Dr Magid 299-6 

IMPORTED BEERS AND WINE 
PEANUTS GALORE 

NICE MUSIC 

1127 WALL STREET, LA JOLLA 
(ACROSS FROM POST OFFICE) 454 ·8282 

lOam 10pmtMon Sail 

next to the 5" Dime). whirh ha.'! 
pool, pingpong, and pinball 
facilities. It is now open throughout 
the day, and in the evenings from 7 
pm to 12 pm. 

Those interested in performing 
at the 5 " Dime, or plaMing ac-
tivities for Muir should contact 
Cacas at her office in the lower 
Muir Conunons. Cacas and the 5 " 
Dime " coffee klatche" meet at 
7: 30 Mondav nillbt in the 5 " Dime. 
Cacas's duties are to coordinate all 
activities at Muir, in addition to 
advising the Muir Program Board 
and working with the ' student 
center. 

Anyone with complamts as to the 
activities or lack of activities at 
Muir should see her. 

Campus Committee OpeDiogs 
There are still openings for 

students on various campus 

clear why they found little 
evidence. 

It would be tedious to point out 
the numerous other cases in which 
omitted information or biased 
interpretations are used to 
generate the invalid conclusiows 
needed to excuse Brueckner. How-
ever, Brueckner's practice of the 

committees. The Bookstore and 
Parking Advisory Committees; the 
Advisory Groups to Health, 
Financial and Counseling Services, 
the Muir Program Board, and the 
Student Advisory Group for the 
student center all need volunteers 
from Muir: Those interested Should 
see Muir College Dean, Jim 
Beckley, for more information and 
application fonns. 

According to Beckley, students 
in these groups do get to influence 
policy and learn more about how to 
deal with bureaucracy like those 

. they will be dealing with for most 
of their lives. 

The freshman position on the 
Muir College Council is being filled 
by Caren Nielsen. She was voted in 
at the Muir freshman election last 
week. 

art of remote teaching from exotic 
locations (including Italy, Florida 
and Manunoth) bears further 
discussion. Since the committee 
had many interesting things to say 
about this common abuse of 
faculty privilege, both regarding 
Brueckner and other faculty, it will 
be discussed separately in the next 
section of these comments. 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 
~'IIfIIaU eq •• Qt b. geIl& 

u 

\ / 
ii 
. / 

7717 Fay 

Discount Prices 
Canon, Olympus 

Nikon, Pentax 
Sales, Repairs, &Trades 

459-7355 

'Ie yea fi'lell yM W&eife6 
6ewcdUcg eme A.Nt. RtuUa? 

ON SALE SOlUTioN!! 
SONY 

FERRi-CItROM 
0 11 ,"111110 

F.~ -S."y 

C-60 LA JOllA Music 
1128 WAll 

4~9-JJ1~ 
BROUGItT TO you by SUPERSCOPE! 

The . 
magazme 
you swore 
you'd never 
read ••• 
becomes 
the film 
can'tnuss. 

JI\llJl'C KI ,1'\ ,;, /\\. (,OI.usn." 

SOO~ftli 
"Truly Hilarious 

1, ,111 
ItY lO(TTo-.r -.tn .... HI(S(t.jf Al .. 

...... 11 . .. (au_ 

DIRTIEST. 
FUNNIEST, 

MOST 
AGGRESSIVE 

PIECE OF 
UNABASHED 

PORNOGRAPHY 
SINCE BUCKLEY 
AND GOLDSTEIN 

REACHED 
PUBERTY." 

Bruce Wili lamJOn 
PLAYBOY 

Friday, October 24,1175 
Page5 . • rl .... .-.IIJI(~ 

Elongation Key 
to "Mother and Whore" 

3Days of Condor: Major Actors, Minor Film 
"The Mother And The Whore" 

Written and Directed By Jean Eustache 

Jean Eustache's "The Mother And The Whore" will be presented 
tomorrow night at 7:30 and 10 pm in USB 2722. Like last week's 
presentation, "The Merchant Of Four Seasons," this is a haughty and 
monumental work of art that demands to be seen, heard, discussed, and 
dissected. 

"The Mother And The Whore" is a three hour and thirty five minute 
marathon of self-conscious deliberation that has been heatedly debated 
since its original appearance at the 1973 New York Film Festival. Those 
not taken with it have chosen to denigrate it as a " soap opera." The 
comparison is accurate enough, but it is the wrong line of attack. The 
form allows Eustache to elongate instead of compress, and elongation is 
the key to his method. 

This convoluted love triangle moves from cafe to cafe, through densely 
packed city streets, down desolate sidewalks, up to cluttered apartments, 
back and forth. The film is in constant motion: physical, verbal, and 
psychological. The lives of its characters are infiltrated with voyeuristic 
rigor : Alexandre (Jean Pierre Leaud) , a wasted, out-of-tune Left Bank 
journalist who has been abandoned by his "true" love; Marie (Ber-
nadette Lafront), an older woman who "keeps" him; and Veronica 
(Franeoise Lebrun), a horny nurse who latches on to him. Eustache 
relentlessly invades this trio's personal and communal "psyches." He 
captures their melodramatic declarations of love; their obstinate 
political ruminations; their unflinching gnomic expressions. Talk, ,talk, 
talk. The dialogue is unceasing and florid: "Last year an entire cafe 
cried .. . a tear bomb had exploded. It wl!S beautiful. A crack in reality had 
opened up." "Phoniness Is the hereafter." "The day I cease suffering I 

Continued 00 Page 8 , 

Records 

by Gary A. Mansur 

All the major film critics are 
asking the same question about "3 ' 
Days Of The Condor. " How did 
anyone manage to get so many 
major actors (Robert Redford, 
Faye Dunaway, Cliff Robertson, 
Max Von Sydow, and John 
Houseman) to be in what otherwise 
would have been a minor film? . 
Obviously the answer must be 
money because the script seems 
more appropriate for Charles 
Bronson. Redford used to pick 
films carefully but he now seems 
content with soft romantic leading 
man roles while the camera zooms 
in for picture perfect close-ups. 

As a spy film "3- Days Of The 
Condor" tries to incorporate two 
traditions, d.ime novel and realism 
but they just butt heads. Triggered 
by Ian Fleming's James Bond 
successes the screen was flooded 
with adventurous spy capers filled 
with action and paper-thin logic. 
The hero was a handsome lady-
killer who would save the free 
world. Then, in the form of an 
intellectual rebellion Hollywood 
started filming the John Le Carre 
spy novels. " The Spy Who Came In 
From The Cold" appeared and 

suddenly the spy business wasn't 
quite so glamorous as western 
intelligence agencies knocked off 
their own men. This struck a cruel 
blow to the free world as the good 
guys were just like the bad guys. 
And now, in the midst of the CIA 
scandals Hollywood tries to cash in 
with "3 Days Of The Condor." 

Here the internal conflicts set in. 
The hero has a routine CIA job as a 
reader of printed material (Le 
Carre), but he just happens to be 
bi~ beautiful Redford (Fleming ). 
HIS place of work is an old building 
but we cut to CIA headquarters and 
it'.s back ~o James Bond set design 
With movie-screen size maps of the 
world as wall paper. Redford's 
fellow workers are executed while 
he 's out to lunch and it looks like 
his own boss is behind the 
assassinations. Redford randomly 
kidnaps an unwilling assistant at 
whose place he will hide out. She 
randomly turns out to be Faye 
Dunaway whose only saving grace 
is her enormously funny lines. 

From here Redford undergoes a 
transformation painfully 
reminiscent of John Voight's in 
"The Odessa File" as he goes from 
a plain untrained reader to master 

spy capable of overcominf, a highly 
trained professional assassin in 
hand-ta-hand combat in a well 
choreographed fight scene. The 
audience is to believe that he 
lea rned this all from the spy novels 
included in his reading duties in an 
over-inflated Walter Mitty Syn-
drome. 

Three or four years back this 
movie probably would have been 
better received, but now it 's just a 
Saturday morning cartoon. The 
plot was lifted from a minor spy 
novel and updated to suit the 
current world situation, which 
accounts for why the story makes 
no sense in the end. The film does 
have its moments . It was stupid 
but not dull. Max Von Sydow is the 
standout as the head assassin. He 
manages to bring life and emotion 
to some very tired and familiar 
scenes. John Houseman has the 
same bow tie and role he wore in 
" Paper Chase" and " Rollerball." 
More intriging is the question of 
why Cliff Robe rtson, with an Oscar 
on his shelf , has since stooped to 
mere figurehead parts? There is 
more mystery about "3 Days Of 
The Condor" than in it. 

The New Stuff ·from Cliff, the Who, Ronstadt and John 
by Steve Esmeditta 

The Who are second only to'The 
Stones as prime contenders for the 
title of "world's greatest rock 
band. tI As with The Stones, this 
distinction is largely a matter of 
default. The Who have lasted, and 
longevity is often mistaken for 

strumentation is remedial. 
Townshend's songwriting is pared 
down to essentials. Daltrey's 
vocals are ' professionally 
restrained. Moon and Enwistle 
hold down their ends effectively. 
The unbearable excess of past 
efforts is gone completely. . 

Unfortunately, the allium's 
resolute plainness is miniscule 
comfort in light of its apparent lack 
ot JOY, msplranon, enthusiasm or 
tension. The beauty of "Who's 
Next" wasn't just its lack of 
pretense, but its subtle, evocative 
textures. ToWnshend's sparing use 
of synthesizer was, . at the time, 
rock's most sophisticated 

utilization of that very dangerous 
instrument. "Who's Next" proved 
that " maturity" was not 
necessarily a musical obscenity in 
hard rock. "By Numbers," by 
contrast, confuses simple-
mindedness with simplicity . 
Perhaps Daltrey 's smashing 
success with " Ride A Rock Horse" 
and the others' middling successes 
with their sWldry efforts have 
.mdermined the band's foundation. 
All it stands, this album, with its 
plain, uncluttered material, 
faceless performances, and 
relatively indifferent production 
sure doesn't result in the world's 
greatest rock band. 

THE SOUND OF SUNSHINE - KC 
AND THE SUNSHINE BAND. TK. 

There is an admitted 
similarity between this blistering 
set of disco instrumentals and 
patented muzak-much like 
"TSOP," " Love's Theme," and 
"The Hustle. II The likeness is 
merely cosmetic. Sure, there are 
just dancing songs, but that doesn 't 
mitigate their energetic rhythms 
and slinkily seductive melodies. 
KC's boys are closer in spirit to the 
old Bar-Kays than to the coinslot 
bump-point-hustle machines like 
MFSB and Love Unlimited. Like 
The Isleys and AWB , KC and The 

Free Beer Puts Rodewald in the Right Mood 
by Rick Rodewald 

Peter Townsend 

Dollars up on the screen and Weedhead resembles the 
received a glowing review from stereotype librarian with her 

Offer me a free beer and I'll drop this writer. The movie, Screw On bespectacled innocence and plain 
whatever I'm doing and stick out Screen, quickly proved, however , features . However, a mere puff of 
my hand. Make the offer unlimited that all of these preparations a re a marijuana cigarette causes her 

unnecessary. It was actually good. to shed her clothes and attain a 
: and you've got a new friend for life. supe rhuma n sexua l appeti te. 

Someone must have informed the 

Sunshine Band have put real bodY 
back into soul music. 
PRISONER IN DISGUISE _ 
UNDA RONSTADT. Allylum. 

Ronstadt is certainly an eminent 
torch singer, but she is completely 
out of her range on classics like 
" Track Of My Tears," " Many 
Rivers To Cross" and "Heat 
Wa ve ." She adds absolutely 
nothing to the fi rst two, and suI>-
stracts from the latter . Instead of 
sounding in the throes of heated 
passion, she gives the impression 
that perhaps the thermostat is up 
too high. Unlike a classy in-

Continued on Page 8 

that her bruised and fle shy body 
can perform. Nobody can smoke a 
cigarrette like Divine, and I sin-
cerely hope that nobody ever tries. 
She can also do the old human pop 
gun trick and various other feats 
gua ranteed to turn one's stomach. 

greatness. Perhaps a case can be owners of the Academy Theatre of Usually I'm not much fo r porn Other skits include a Johnny 
made for the band on the strength these weaknesses of mine, because flicks. The plots are always the Carsonesque talk show involving Fortunate ly, ' Honeysuckle's 
of their live performances, but they recently sent me an invitation same , t he women invaria bly som e rather e xplicit dem on- scene came to an end, and the film 
little of their supposed brilliance is to the premier of a new porn film homely, and the men make me strations, and a teacher punishing resumed its superior trend. At the 
evident on their records. Except ana circled FREE BEER with ashamed of my own maleness! class pest scene that is guaranteed , show's close , the audience seemed 
for "Who's Next" and a few early heavy ink. Needless to say, I Despite the fact that sex is to elicit laughs from even the most disappointed to see it end so soon. I 
Singles, their recorded work is cancelled my plaws and was on my comedy's best subject, the porn fta id a udience. popped my last beer and trudged 
astonishingly mediocre. Their way to the theatre hours before the films of the past have, with few slowly to the waiting sunshine 
pretensions have always seemed to · show was to start. exceptions, failed dismally on any outside. Somehow I didn 't feel 
outweigh their capabilities. TIult is attempts at humor. 50S producers Despite the humor and in- quite right about driving home on a 
why the uninitiated have been The owners of the Academy are Buckley and Goldstein quickly put novative design of the film, it had hot afternoon, so I just walked 
forced to endure masterstrokes of smart businessmen. They made an end .to these porn film norms. little chance of scoring high on down the street, and turned into the 
mindlessness such as "Tommy" sure that there was plenty to eat Combining skits and old film clips Screw magazine 's own " peter fi rst establishment to wait out the 
and "Quadrophenia ." and drink, and then delayed the with the nair of a Mel Brooks, meter." What potentia l there was approaching evening, not noticing 

The Who's latest, " By Numbers" start of the film until it was obvious these two have created a movie for sexual arousal was im- U LO'S MASSAGE glowing over 
is weightless, straight and narrow that the alcohol was obtaining the that is incredibly funny in parts. mediately dashed by the ap- the front door. In my intoxicated 
rock and roll. There is a blatantly desired effect. By showtime I had For example, the film even sur- pearance of Honeysuckle Divine. state, I hardly realized what was 
reactionary tone to the record. No eight beers under my belt and passed the classic "Reefer Mad- Honeysuckle is a young woman happening to me untiL.well, 
quasi-operas, thematic threads, or three more lined up at my feet. ness" with a short fifties film clip who uses a stage and props to maybe I should save that for my 
numbing mysticism. The in~ They could have put Bowling For of a character called Weedhead. display some rather unique talents next time I get a column. 

L-~ ______ ~ ____ ~ _____________________________________________________________ , 

Restaurant and Saloon 
6737 La Jolla Blvd. La Jolla 

459-3633 
Lunch : Mon. thru Friday 11 :30 a.m .. 2 :30 

• Dinner: Sun. thru Thurs. 5 p.m.·10 p.m., 
Fri.·Sat. 5 p.m.· ll p.m. 

Sunday Champagne Brunch : 10 a.m.·2 p.m. 
Happy Hours : Mon .·Fri. 4 p,m.·6 p.m, 

Chris Creosman o n guitar 

ITRA 
GEmLlUE,iAn i 
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 2 

.In DIIGOCIB MIl 
AU IUTS RIII .. U , " .50. UO. 4 .• . 
" t ~. I $ Avallabl. II Sin 0",0 Civic Th .. tr. 

3rd and "8" S1r •• ts, Hi,h l' ncler M.n's Sto res and all 
'0' ,nfo rmation ull 236·6510 . 

BLUE 
WATER 
WHITE 
DEATH 

an oSlound ing film! 

., skowiNGS 
6PM 8PM 10 pM 

SUN.OCT.26 
USB 2722 

Spon or d by S a Oeucers 



..... 

Pe Needed 
For pO'" . cipation in an Investigation 

of a new s ft contact lens. . The research 
will require no more time than is 
nece:isory for proper fitting and 

of the patient during the' 
adaptation period. 

For further in'formation and consultation 

please phone 1-272-2211 
Pacific Beach 

il1M .. illnr8 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
aassifieds should either be printed or typed on a 3".1: 5" card 

(available in Triton Times office). TIleY may be submiUed 
anytime between 9 and noon and 1 and .. p_m_ 

The ' following rates are for 100 spaces - if you use more 
spaces.1be rate will double. (100 spaces- .25t; 101 to 200- .sot). 

Personals-$1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads : students- .~ 

nonstudents - $1 
Deadlines: 5 pm Friday for Monday; !i pm Monday for 

Wednesday;!i pm Wednesday for Friday, 
AnnolUlcements: free. All announcements will nm in the 

Monday calendar. Deadline for calendar: !i pm Friday. 
(AU additions or corrections to listings in lbe'Schedule « 

Classes (or regular University courses will be charged $1 .) 

Jotn lhe fun _ Pt . Loma Tennis Club con-
dominiums 1 & 2 Bd"" 523,900-S32.9OO. 
Pool , lacuzzl, saunas, exercise rms, 4 lit 
tennis courts . securhy guards. Key Realty 
2224164 or 224-a;&7 (t 0/31) 

Live at the BEACH where It's cool end qulel. 
Lg 2 BR lurn . apl. ""erlooklng Moonille 
Beach in Encinitas. Ideal for 3 students · S75 
per mo. each. Coast Cruiser Service. 441 
Fourth SI. Encinitas or call 223·9866. (10124) 
Share master Bdrm, and Dath In large Un;'_ 
City house. 95/mo ; or furnished single room, 
lt5 /mo . 5 min . from UCSO. call aflerS pm , 
452-9790. (10/24) 

Roommate wantad for 2 bedroom apl in 
Solana Beach . t block from beach. Sloo. 
481 -9624 or 75!>-7962. (10124) 
Qu iet nonsmokers · share a house now in 
Solana close to C.C. , Oeeen for $71.50. 
James, Rich· 75!Hl639_ (10/2"4) 

Mature 24 & up roommate wanted for 
oceanylew condo. Private rm . & balh $125 
utllind. 755-6601 _ (10/ 24) 

Roommate wantad nice 3 Bdr hOU1le on lIOuth 
skleo! O.B. 30 yd. to cliffs. own room $85.00 
plusH311111I1ies223-7539 . (10131) 

FOR SAlE 
calculators-'HP21 -S1 I 8. HP22-S155. H P25-
Sl82. SR5OA-$91 . SR51A-$I40. 5 Day 

-delivery. Send price plus 6 percent tax (pre! . 
moneyorder) 10 Cheap calculator Co . 634 4th 
SI . DaviS, CA95516 questions call 800-~,2-
5252 (11 /26) 

Amazing 1975 Honda CB400F (4 cyfS) wilh 
iust 500 miles - only S1099_ For a deal call 

Scott · ~3-5036. (1013t) 
Designers sale. Cashmere sweaters. A-line 
Skirts. plaid suil , matching hat, long velvet 
skI. 453-3731 (to/24) 

Fabrtc sale_ Beautiful cOllons, woos, 
velvets, trim, denim trim. 453-373t . (10/24' 

Two Ellon John tickets for Sat 25 L.A. 
Concert . Sll a piece. ~3-06". (10124) 
72 Honda 350 - runs great - $450. 435-5484. 
EngtnegOOdcondltion (10124' 

, 

I 
I 

The International Photo Shu. for Southern California I Browse through : 
t the country's largest permanent photo gallery _ . _ lee demonstrations 01 I 
t over 75 major photo brands by factory-trained experts _ • . hear lectures I 
I every hall hour on dille rent photo topics. __ all witholt commercial inter· I 
I 

ruptionsl ••• SPECIAL DISNEY FESTIVAL: A retrospective. continuous I 
I 

showing of ,h master's workl ••• Bring your camera and photograph I 
I live models in a music. I presentation by ARTOGRAPHY .. _ have a FREE I 
I 

camera che,:k-up, movie or still. _ . see FREE multi-media and 111m shows! I 

THE SOU--HERN CALIFORNIA INTERNAnONAL PHOTO SHOW 
DISNEYLI NO HOTEL EXHIBITION HALL 
ANAHEIM CALIFORNIA 
October :~3 10 26, 1975 
Thurs. & : ri , 5 to 10 PM 
Sat., NOOl to 10 PM 
Sun., Noon to 6:30 PM 

Adm iss lc n $3; $2 with coupon 
from your pho to dealer or this ad. 
Children under 11 FREE 
when accompanied by an adult. 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
t 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
t 
I 
I 
I 
I 
t 

Sioko Selfwlnding, year old . New S1:D, sell 
$50. 755-2016 TIm . (10/2.) 

cat. Free lIuffy black cat . Apt. tralnad and 
spayed . Call ~~2570 after 5 pm or all 
weekend . (10/24) 

Moving away sale Sun &-2. 7528 C ... ler /18 
La Jolla or call ~7735. E .. rythlng goes· 
bed, desk, cookery, etc. (10/24) 

Sony TC755 Tape Deck for the _iOLJS 
recordist. Mint condltlon _ ~3-2194 tN . after 
10:30 . (10/24) 

EMC S300 Amp 125Watts rms, 12" spkr • . 
I Copy/Caae g .... t action S140 or beat call 
461 ·1699 . (10/2.) 

For sale or trade Penasonlc Port . Cassette. 
90 new, but I need t"ses in my car for trip to 
Utah 81 Christmas. Will trade for an AM·FM 
cassette. cash. or1 Ken 583-2536. (10/24) 

Conshelf VI regulalor wi pressure gauge 7'Z' 
tank , pack, boot end depth gauge and full 
wetsult , all US Divers. S175 or beSI. 453-
2194ev. (tO/24) 

WANTEd 
Need extra cash? Paying top dollar for your 
U.S. Silver coins minled before 1965_ Ken 
453·7924. 111126) 
Job opening ' 86700 programmer to write air 
pollution data manipulation programs Barb 
El1<us x2572 (10 / 24) 

Help! Student needs driver for son M-F 3 
p.m from Sorrento Val. Rd. to Solana Bch . 
Will pay gas or set lee . 755-2086 . (10124) 

Dormles - Sick of your dorm? Live wi 2 med 
studenl s piuS I senior In Fur. Townhouse ' . 
87 .50beach , pOOI , elc. 755-1716. (10/24) 

Wanted: Female models for photographiC 
ligure stud ies . Call Oaye after6 :30 271-0729. 
(1 0/24) 

SERViCES 
Are you adopted? Seeking n.tural pwents? 
232-«;10 or P.O. 33272 SO 92Hll (10/31) 

WorkShopS TBA In old master preper.lons & 
tectonlques, Drawing pestel, oils, stili life & 
life. Bill 436-0709. (I I 15' 

People movers . Moving advice and 
assistance. Very reasonable. Call Jeff 272· 
:D78. (1 I 126) 

THE WOOD DOVE· A gourmet Natural Foods 
Restaurant, recently opened In Solana 
Beach, t50 Acacia (N.xt to Another Bird). 
Open 11-11 . Dinnedrom 5-10. Special oIfer: 
Frull Smoothle , ~ cents. Oet. IS-Nov. 15. 
Tet 755-581 O. 

Do you really feel like sitting up tonight to 
get that peper typed that was duelaat week? 
Let me do It - call Sher 279-1418Clalremont. 
(11/26) 

Collegiate research aids-thousandS on fIIe_ 
Send $1 for your 160 pegemail order calalog . 
Reseerch ASSistance, 11322 Idaho Ave,206 
Los AngelesCA 90025 213-477-3474 (1 /19) 

Personalized Christmas cards - a wide 
assortment frcim very contemporary to very 
Iradil ional . Orderearly&save15 %. Calland 
save bolh S and tOOlWOrt< 453-0387 . (10/29) 

TRAvd 
SSW Trayel Off ice - on campus - charter 
flights - Xmas NY 5209 - Inll Siudent 10 
Mazatlan - $139 - elc. UCSD Inlernational 
Center. 452-00:D l1am-4 pm Mon, Wad , Frl 
only . (10124 ' 

T.l. ~ face it , M." Is. four 1.ler word! 
Curley lhe Kid end The Red Hot Flat. (10/24 ) 

AhoUlla , Keyln, Ron, Phil & Phil· HI. From 
Bet. Good Luck Sheils and Clarl<, tonight. 
(10124, 

Bite your way to blue water white death USB 
2722 Oct. 26 shows 6, 8 & 10 pm. 75 cents 
sponsorad by Sea cop. 

Tlnkerbelle C18I1< : W. hope 81 21 you 
reconsider not ,avlng It for marriage; you can 
always fake it. (10/24) 

Laurie Miller Your card Is In Hl. Found It In 
HSS 2250 Dale (10/24, 

Lost -A brown wallet wllh documenl s. 
contact Blanca E. Portella 222·0276 452-<1506 
(tO/24) 

LOST-A brown wallet with documenls . 
Please please return to Blanc'!. E. Portella 
452-<1506 or 222-027/1 . (10/24) 

los!: set 01 keys last week in lecture hall 
U.S.B 2226 1·00 p.m. If lound please call 453-
5519(10124' 

Found-A calculator . Call 453-2518 and 
descnbe. (101 24) 
Losl • small, blue, spiral notebook In APM 
last wee!< . Need greally 1-466-6004 or TT 
olflce (10124) 

Bite your way to Blue Water White Death USB Reward Is ollered to f inder of lightMeler on 
2722 Oet 26 shows 6 , 8 & 10 pm. 75 cents 3rd fl BSB call ><3350 or 753-03IKl nts no 
sponsored by Sea beucers. (1 0 / 24) .. questions (10/27) 

(u ",.LCJ£'U.ity of (!afi.fo~nia, ,,!)'an 7)££90 
(!ampu~ P'109~am !13oa~d 

pti~£nh 

FRidAY NiGhT Flick 
1()()1 

4 ~fJ'"'''~ tJ~,§§~, 
7:30 and 10 pm 

Mandeville Auditoritlm ,1 
SATURdAY ~ilM 

Iltf? ~t)tltt?f Clllci tltf? Wltt)ft? 
directed by Jean EU8tache wI Francoi8 

Ledrun and Jean-Pierre Leaud 
7: 30 and ~1..:..1 .:,:: O:..:O_~";;""';;;;"';";;;;"';;;"'--";:"="'_-I 

Friday, Oet.ber JC,1J71 

TT Game of the Week . Tritons Tri p 
Cheapsbots Drown Buffalos Point Lorna' 

by Paal Waper seemed to be an air of confidence , 
Stan Writer in the huddles of the Cheapshots as A II CIT d In what was billed as one of the Captain Mike Tom seemed more - a 0 ay 

tougher games of the season in concerned about breaking an 
coed innertube waterpolo, the engagement Friday night in order 
Underwater Cheapshots Wed- to make some poker game than he 
nesday defeated the Water- was in the game. 
buffalos,17-11. At .one point in the fourth period, 

There was more action crt the the Waterbuffalos actually closed 
sidelines than in the pool as the to within foW' points and it looked 
timer couldn't figure out when to as If they might rnak'e a run for it, 
stop the watch, and the but two quick Cheapshot goals 
scorekeeper wasn't sure who ended any threat that they had 
scored the last goal. mounted. . 

As far as the game went, Scoring for the Cheapshots was 

by Da ve Elsen 
Sports EcHtor 

There was a mismatch on Muir 
Field Wecklesday, where the UC 
San Diego team bombed Point 
Loma,7-1. 

UCS;D" A~onlo Gonlelez lets loose with llis first of two goafs 
agalnlt POint Lo... Wednesday. It CDIIIe on a first he" penahy 

. shot, pllfting the Tritonl ..... d 4-0. n Photo: N ....... Meyers 

Contrary to popular belief, it 
wasn't a high school team the 
Tritom were playing with, but an 
honest to goodness college squad. 
In only its second year of college 
competition. Point Lorna proved to 
be just less than a good sparring 
partner for UCSD, who put the Norden made the scores possible. 

Waterbuffalos got off to an early controlled by Val Canleiro who 
lead as they we.re able to come netted eight points, and Dickie 
down the length of the pool and set Duncan who accolDlted for another 
up their offense very effectively five goals. 
against a jmnbled mesa In front of As a change of pace, Mike Tom 
the Cheapsbots net. By the time the decided to do something con-
Cheapshots scored it was already structlve and scored one goal 
W, but they were able to lJl8II8ICe himself. For the Waterbuffalos, the 

I game away early . . The Tritons were content to pass 
At this moment, the Tritons are clI'cles around tired Point Loma 

at UC Santa Cruz. participating in until_ late in the first haH. when it 
the weekend All~1 To,umament. was time for a few more goals. 
UC Berkeley. UC RIversIde and UC First Steve Cardona scored by 
Santa Cruz were scheduled to be ' taking a pass from Shok~bi 

th~ early round opP,Ollents for the walking around the goaltender and 
T~tons. who surprised _ eyeryone tucking the ball in, and then 
WIth a second place f10JSh last Gonzalez hit a penalty shot to make 

just before taking a ten minute 
stint as goalie. This gave Wettstein 
a chance to play out in the field, 
and he did a good job controlling 
the balL 
~ -

year. it ~ at haHtime. 
None of those teams should be as 

easy as Point Lorna. who looked 
Wednesday like a group of people 
off the street playing soccer for the 
first time. 

Point Loma began playing 
creditable soccer in the second 
half. managing some passes and 
even a goal. shooting one by a 
sprawled Joe Wettstein ten 
minutes into the half. 

Triton coach Rod Geiger took a 
look at his opponents and said, "It 
isn·t really fair to compare us to 
Point Loma. They've only been 
organized two years. and this is 
their first year in our league. We'll 
get alot more competition at All-
Cal." 

l!am. now 4-1 in league play. 
whipped Point Loma without the 
services of two starters. Jairo 
Marin (pulled leg muscle ) and 
Gary Wick (broken collarbone), 

Waterbuffalo'i Bill St8Ucup puts a shot by Cheaps.ot's goalie 
Jeff WushMn. Janice Beglall and Anne lnapp stand by. n 
Photo: Nathan Meyers 

Dave Youngdale and Olajide 
Shokumbi scored within the fU'St 
five minutes, providing more than 
enough scoring pWlch to give 
UCSD the win_ Passes from 
Alfonso Gonzalez and Hendiik Van 

Shokumbi, playing his best game 
of the season, and Gonzalez each 
scored for a second time, and Doug 
YDungdale put in a long range shot 

Marin was expected to recover in 
time for All-Call, with Wick 
probably staying out another week. 

Field Hockey Women Lose to Grossmont I _ 
two quick goals before the end of 
the period. 

Up to that point it a ppeared there 
was a rout of sorts in the making. 

There was. but as it turned out, 
the rout would go the other way, In 
the second period, the water-
buffalos were held scoreless and 
Cheapshots scon:d 10 straight 
't',()a\s to assume a 12-4 halftime 
lead. 

The rest of the match was mostly 
an exchange of goals as-the Buf-
falos ourscored Cheapshots 7~. 
Play was fairly balanced with good 
goal tending on both sides keeping 
the score from going higher_ 

Filling in on the Cheapshots was 
swimming coach Dianna Dann. 
who. for the most part, looked 
rather lost at times as her op-
ponent appeared to be more 
maneuverable in his tube than she 
did in hers. 

After the third period, there 

Blanco. e e 
was welcomed with open arms by 
the State Dept .• while Se:-gioSegre, 
Italian Communist Party leader, 
was told his application for a visa 
would be denied. 

Obviously, Kissinger & Co_ have 
a double standard when it comes to 
what ideas and points of view they 
want the American people to hear, 
In their detenninatlon to keep 
~lanco out of the US they have 
l/lcurred upon themselves the 
dUbious distinction of being the 
first violators of the Helsinki 
Accords_ Kissinger's signature on 
this international agreement, 
which provides for the rights of 
authors and lecturers to travel 
freely and express their views. did 
not even have time to dry before he 
VIolated it. 

Hugo Blanco was scheduled to 
speak on this campus on Oct. 31. 
But, Kissinger doean't feel that 
~udents and faculty here have the 
nght to hear what Blanco has to 
say . This direct and un-
COnstitutional attack on academic 
freedom. civil Uberties, and free 
speech is the moat ominous aspect 

. of KiSSinger's decision, An 
~ganizer of peasant unions, and a 
Vtctim of repreuion in Latin 
America Hugo Blanco has unique 
qualifications to lecture on US 

~P\ISes.-And many people here 
..... ed rorward to hearing him. 

But Kissinger'. decision doesn't 

scoring was done mostly by Bill 
Stalkup who netted five goals for 
his team. and the rest of their 
scoring was fairly divided among 
the remainder of the team_ 

MVP award of the game must go 
to Cbeapshots goalie Jeff 'Wast-
man, who, in the face of point blank 
shots. made some nice saves, and 
for his valiant efforts at attempting 
to score from almost fuU-pool hit 
the post on both of his shots, 

By Cary 'Thompson 
Staff Writer 

TIie U.C. San Diego women's 
field hockey team lost to 
Grossmont W Tuesday. however. 
progress was made as the Tritons 
were finally able to field eleven 
players_ 

With four new women playing, 
the Triton's teamwork suffered, It 

showed, as UCSD never really got 
it's offense off the ground. Down 3-
o at half!ime it was apparent the 
team wasn't used to playing with ' 
each other. At halftime coach Ann 
DieUe ironed out a few of the 
problems and UCSD played a 
much better second half. The 
defense plugged up it's holes. 
allowing only one goal, and the 

offense got off more shots on 
Grossmont 'S goal. 

Rugby Sign-ups Today 

The Tritons got some consistent 
play from veteran Missy Tyson 
and Robin Ballinger. UCSD 
received another positive note 
when Cheryl Carton, a veteran 
from last year's team, decided to 
play another year of field hockey. 
Another amazing figure was that 
thirteen women made the trip to 
Grossmont-more than enough to 
complete a team. -

The field hockey team. now 
approaching mid-season form. is 
looking more competive every 
week. Coach DieUe said. " We 
finally have a complete team and 
as soon as we learn to play 
together. we will start winning 
more_" The Tritons have a big 
game coming up this Tuesday at 
3:30 against powerful San Diego 
State on Muir Field. 

tille . UC San Diego's women's rugby squad, now the 
defending state champions. will be signing up 
prospective players today between 11 am and 2 pm. at 
the campus carnival. Players interested in joining 
the team can do so on the knoll east of the Main Gym. 

The 1975-76 edition of women's rugby. coached by 
Amelia Rivera, is in for a tough season. as they try to 
hold on to their championship. Among the opponents 
will be UCLA. rival San Diego state, and USC. The 
team is planning some road trips in defending their 

- Through graduation. the team has lost some 
players in key positions. so some spOts on the squad 
are open. Returnees will. however, be around in a 
large enough numbers to fonn the nucleus or a solid 
Triton team. 

mark the end of the fight for Hugo 
Blanco's right to speak in the US. 
USLA is clU'rently waging a 
nationwide protest campaign to 
force Kissinger to reverse his 
decision. Mike Kelly, who has been 
coordinating the protest campaign. 
will be speaking on campuses all 
across the country to publicize and 
expose the hypocrisy of Kissinger's 
decision_ What will be needed to 
fight this decision is a united 
response to Kissinger's thought-
control tactics. 

Kelly will be speaking at a 
protest meeting to take place here 
on Oct. 28 in the Recital Hall, 
Mandeville Center at 12 p.m. 
Everyone is urged to attend this 
important meeting. Kelly will 
speak in behalf of Hugo Blanco, 
who has made it crystal clear that 
he intends on speaking in the US, 
but not without the vocal and In-
dignant protests of the American 
people who support his right to 
speak. 

Come to the meeting_ A victory 
foc Hugo Blanco's rig~ to speak In 
the US will be a victory for and 
reanlrmatlon of civil Uberties and 
human rights. PROTEST THE 
BAN ON HUGO BLANCO! ' 

REVERSE THE VISA 
DENIAL! 

DEMAND OUR RIGIn' TO 
HEAR HUGO BLANCO! 

Men 's rugby players will also get an opportwlity to 
sign up for a position on the men's UaiD team today. 
also between 11 am and 2 pm. 

\ 

'Records . .• 
terpreter such as Rod Stewart she 
places toQ much distance between 
herself and her material. Given 
such saccharine country-rock 
arrangem/!nts, her detachment is 
probably warranted. Still. that 
Wlderstanding doesn·t excuse the 
all-persuasive dullness of this 
albwn_ 
FOLLOW MY MIND - JIMMY 
CUFF. Reprise, 

This is Jimmy Cliff's first 
completely satisfying album since 
his 1969 " Wonderful World, 
Beautiful People." His per-
fonnance and his music in "The 
~der They Come" were ex-
traordinary. but the proceeding 
albums have been un-
derwhelmingly depressing. It 
seemed that Cliff had abandoned 
reggae 'tor candY-<:08ted schlock-
soul. But the outstanding triumplB 
of Bob Marley and The Waiters and 
The Maytalls have thankfully 
.lnspired Cliff to returr to his roots. 
"Follow My Mind" L$ a beautifully 
breezy album, as good in its own 
way as The Wallers' "Natty 
Dread" and The MavtAl\s· "Funkv 
Kingston." ClIfrs melodies are 
diverting and rich in their variety. 
and he is defmitely reggae's most 
exciting, malleable vocalist, He 
even manages to pull off a version 
of Marley's "No Woman No Cry" 
that, eKcept for an Inexplicable 
substitutIOn of the word "Tren-

chtown" with "boy's town" is more 
efficacious than the original. 
ROCK OF THE WESTIES -
ELTON JOHN. MCA. 

Everytime I hear an Elton 
John record I think of the con-
clusion of "Nashville_" It was a 
dumb idea in the movie, but ole 
Elton might provide some 
justification for it in real life. Along 
with Olivia Newton Geisha and 

Ji ... , (Iff 
LJrnousine Fanner Denver, he is 
one of the three JOMS who are 
trlple-handedly trying to destroy 
the credibility of the pop audience 
mentality. -

DREAM - 'mE NITIY GRITTY 
DffiT BAND. United Artists. 

Any band that would perform 
"Battle Of New Orleans." " Hey 
Good Lookin· ... "Malaguena." and 
" All I Have To Do Is Dream" on 
one album and claim that they are 
aspiring to "enlarge the scope or 
contemporary folk-style music" 
must be credited with aplomb. if 
nothing else. This is a wretched 
glut pile, but these rellows seem to 
think they have produced a syn-
thesis of musical folklore. It's 
synethetic. aU right. but its rolklore 
is pure "Hee Haw." 
AIR TREATMENTS - ROXY 
MUSIC. Wizardoo. 

This selection of outtakes from 
" Stranded' and "For Your 
Pleasure" has the usual flaws of 
such collector 's items: no 
discernible mix. unfocused, 
elongated instrumental passages, 
and the certain knuwledge that the 
artists had no intention of releasing 
this for public COIlswnption_ Still. 
Bryan Ferry and Roxy Music are 
such important art ists that their 
every recorded move is worth 
preserving. The polPTlJlnr of tltis 
notion is made more evident when 
you compare the relative ex-
cellel'K'e of this "bootleg" againsl 
the "official" exhumations of 
Hendrix, Joplin , Allman and 
whomever had the commercial 
sense to die before their Ume. 



• ..-.« ... 1111('8 
Faculty • •• 
basis of teaching from a "joyous 
quality. " 

He concluded by pointing out 
that other faculty unions have 
gotten quick pay raises, followed 

Veteraa'. Day MODday schools visiting next month can be by a marked erosion of faculty 
obtained at Career Planning & relations and endeavors. 

City of San Dieg l) offices will be Placement, 412 Me. Russell Doolittle. UCSD 
I 

closed on Monday, October'll, in professor, was involved this past 
observance of Veteran's Day. UCSDGoaIAooouoced week in trying to get a 

All City Public Libraries will be Faculty/ Association betweeil UC 
closed. • Chancellor McElroy has an- ' LoS Angeles and UCSD, similar to 

Metered- parking throughout the nounced a goal of $70,000 to be the one between UCLA and UC 
City will not be enforced. . raised at UC San Diego for the 1975 Berkeley, but this project failed 

Refuse and recyclable United Way/CHAD campaign. primarily because of UCSD 
newspapers normally collected on The United Way and CHAD professorial lack of interest. 
Monday will be picked up on (Combined Health Agencies Doolittle personally felt that the 
Tuesday, October 28. I Drive) are county-wide agencies faculty ought to be more concerned 

City Park and Recreation cen- which coordinate social service with their individual liberty rather 
ters will be open from 2:00 p.m. to activities in San Diego. than with a large pay increase. 
10:00 p.m. Swimming pools at The San Diego county wide goal The "liberty" he spoke of was 
Kearny Mesa, Colina del Sol, is $8.l million, a 10% increase over that of what a professor can do 
Martin LuU\er King, Jr., Memorial last years collection. with his time. He thought that 
Park and Vista Terrace recreation McElroy said that if UCSD.raises exposure to students was more 
centers will be open from 5:00 p.m. the $70,000, $8,000 will be allocated important than many of the 
to 7: 30 p.m. City tennis courts will to the UCSD Child Day Care Center mandatory faculty activities-Leo 
be open, along with the City golf by the United Way. much of the paper work and ac-
courses at Balboa Park and Torrey "Our objective for this year is countability to different people. 
Pines. 13% higher than UCSD's 1974 The Faculty Association he was 

Film Free to Students 

The UC San Diego Extension has 
announced that students presen-
ting I.D.s will be admitted without 
charge to the Bicentennial Film 
Series presentation of " The Land 
of Plenty", tonight at the Medical 
School. . 

The program is the second of 
nine to be given this year and will 
be in the Basic Sciences Building 
Garren Auditoriwn at 7:30 pm. 
The charge to the general public 
remains $4. 

Tonight's program is linked to 
the Courses by Newspaper articles 
which appear every Thursday in 
the Evening Tribune. The 
program also includes a lecture by 
UCSD History Professor Harry N. 
Scheiber. 

Grad School Info 

Students looking at graduate and 
professional schools will have the 
opportunity to talk with 
representatives from the 
Georgetown Law School on 
Monday, October 27th from 9 am to 
5 pm, and the Graduate School at 
the University of Southern 
California on Tuesday the 28th 
from 1 :30to 5 pm. 

Appointments are requested for 
both schools. Students should be 
applying to graduate schools thi 
quarter, and these visits will 
enable them to see program of-
ferings, and ask questions on 
financial aids and admissions, as 
well as comparing different 
schools. 

contribution of $62,100/' McElroy working for would have in no way 
said " because we believe that, by been a union, but rather would 
organizing for more individual have worked for the "freedom of 
participation - last year only one academic tradition." 
out of four of us gave to United It would have supported a 
Way/CHAD - we can meet the "scholarly university" lifestyle, 
increased goal. In the process, we and have opted 'for decent sized 
will better serve the needs of the classes rather than big pay in-
San Diego community and of creases. 
UCSD." Basically, the reaction of other 

North County Fair Begins 

The ~nnual North County Fair 
begins today and runs through 
Sunday at the Del Mar 
Fairgrounds. 

The fair, which will be open from 
11 : 30 am to 8 pm daily, is spon-
sored by the Northern San Diego 
County Chambers of Commerce. 
The fair will feature entertainment 
from North County organizations 
as well as a hypnosis show by the 
renowned hypnotist Dr. Shawn 
Masters. 

Transportation will be provided 
from North County Communities 
by the North County Transit 
System. 

A philatelic show will feature a 
specially designed postmark for 
stamp collectors and a public 
postal station which will sell the 
latest commemoratives from the 
US Postal service. 

The honored guests for tonight's 
beauty pagt:!ant include State 
Senator John Stull (R-Leucadia) 
and Assemblymen William 
Cravens (R-Fallbrook). 

UCSD faculty questioned was the 
same. While no one was happy 
with the pay increase, they seemed 
more concerned with working 
conditions and methods of teaching 
more effectively. 

The money question is im-
portant, but so are priorities, and 
as one professor said, " I would 
rather be a poor teacher and 
scholar than a rich bureaucrat." 

. AFT Angry 
However, this feeling is not held 

by all, as an October 21,1975 press 
release by the University Council-
American Federation of Teachers 
indicated. 

Professor J ames Flick, 
president of a teachers' union at 
the University of California, 
stated, " There is probably no other 
industry which has suffereri a loss 
of purchasing power to the same 
extent experienced by employees 
in higher education. Therefore it is 
incredible that the UC ad-
ministration continues to make 
salary recommendations based on 
a comparison with other leading 
universities. This is a method 
which guarantees ~ continued 
decline in real earnings." 

The AFT concluded that to 
restore their 1969 purchasing 
power, salary increases in 1976 
should be at least 20%. 

FrIday, Oetober M, 1115 

Movies • •• 
shall have become another." 

This aphoristic, cathartic, slavish work is searing and decisive in its 
image of post-anarchic resignation. The characters confess to each 
other, admonish each other, dictate each other, all in the service of their 
own existential exorcisms. 

The strangulated method of primal exposition is further demonstrated 
by the- " non-style" of Eustache's direction. The film is practically all 
static medium-shots. Hung images whose barren, . frozen pressure 
resembles the work of Paul Morrisey and Jacques Rivette at their 
cruelest and most austere. The stringency of material and method also 
brings forth a network of illusions to works like Godard's " Masculine 
Feminine," Cassavete's "F.aces," and the films of Eric Rohmer. But 
Eustache uses the confessional resources of film image to a far 'more 
demonstrable degree than even those documentarists of the soul. 

Low Blows . •. 
Secret Service man's tires." 

As the four reached the em-
peror's room, Hirohito said, "You 
know, you Americans aren't so bad 
after all. I'm really sorry you lost 
the war." 

"But we won the war," . Thom-
psonsaid. 

Hirohito raised his eyebrows. 
" You did?" He scratched his head. 

" I really should get out of the 
palace more often," he said. 

"Good night," he bade them, and 
closed the door. 

Spokesmen for the emperor 
denied everything. 

WASHINGTON, D.C. - Harris 
Chadwick, chairman of the 
National Regional Association And 
Affiliated Auxiliary Agencies 
(NRAAAAA) yesterday called for 
a "national day of mourning" for 
former CLOACA national chair-
man William Bilge. 

Bilge, 61 , is not dead. 
Contacted at his home in Lower 

Del Mar . .. 
recall situation," she said. 

Steve Esmedina 

Virginia, Bilge said he was 
"surprised" at the development. 
He withheld further comment, 
saying he needed more time to 
study the situation. 

During his term of office, which 
apparently ended yesterday, Bilge 
instituted many programs for the 
NRAAAAA--among them, . the 
Committee for Limiting, Opposing 
And just generally Cutting down on 
Assholity wherever possible 
(CLOACA). He beqlme chainnan 
of the committee in 1968. 

In 1971, Bilge won the Pulitzer 
Prize for an article he- wrote for 
Reader's Digest. The article, "Are 
You an Asshole?", contained his 
now-famous Assholity Index Test. 
The test allowed the reader to 
detennine to what extent he was an 
asshole. 

The Pulitzer Prize Committee, in 
making the award, called the 
article a step forward, " because it 
assumed that everyone is an 
asshole-only in varying degrees." 

Weare, who received 1129 of the 1931 votes cast in the 1974 election 
would not normally come up for election again until 1978. 

The councilman says he is concerned about the petition. " I think this is 
a very definite demonstration by the other side - what I call the pro-
growth side of the community - that they have a substantial voting 
power. Those people who wish to control growth in Del Mar had better 
respond now by making their desires known." 

Another Solana Beach 
He said he hopes his support would come from individuals who don't 

want Del Mar to become " another Solana Beach," and from the 
estimated 500 UCSD students. who live in Del Mar. 

He is being supported by Keep Students in Del Mar, an organization 
that is trying to get as many students as possible to register for the 
November election, in which Del Mar residents will vote on the con-
troversial General Plan. 

That organization in holding a party tomorrow in Del Mar's Seagrove 
Park, at the foot of 15th St., to mark the deadline for voter registration. 
According to organization member Loren Kaye, " Now, more than ever 
before in Del Mar's history, students have a chance to come together and 
save the city from reactionary and pro-development forces seeking to 
drive out students and turn Del Mar into a high density, upper-class white 
ghetto. " 

The General Plan was approved by the Council last spring, but it was 
repealed when the council was faced with a referendum drive by angry 
residents. 

At that time the council agreed to hold a survey ballot for the plan in 
November which would include 11 questions relevant to the plan. 

Information on these and other 

For the delight of the young and 
the not-so-young, Dolly the Clown 
will greet fair-goers, Saturday 
afternoon and evening, and Sunday 
afternoon. 

University of Callfornl.,. 
a.n Diego 

universi~ of california, 
san diego . 

Mandeville lecture 
RUSTY RHODES: 

A 
Itl~.~AltE 

.If 
NIIII~A.~\~ .: 

from Dall.s to Wat.rgate 

NO'l4, 8pm TUES .. 
UCSD ST •• 1 0.& •• 2 

In the Mandevili. aud. 
Th"kets:UCSD BOX OFFICE. 482- 4080 

~ NOli. 1 ~'A\\I2IIA~ 8:30PM 
~'IUILI[)A~UI12 
WITH 
~PE:CI~l GUE:~T DANNVOI<€€F€ 
f3.A.$ • () II I 

... " 

UU() .IT.$.(.f)() ()()()~ .j.tj()) II 
TICKETS: TICKETRON lIP the UCSO BOX OFFICE ~ 

• I' 4lj~ -,,~ 


