
Charges on WatsOn: New Regent 
YCF's. Tanana Should Be Chicano 

Dropp~d 
Tom Tanana, a vice chainnan of 

the Young Californians for 
Freedom ~YCF), has been cleared 
of his questionable activities that 
deal with violations of University 
policies. 

In a letter from Vice-chancellor 
and Dean of Student Affairs 
George Murphy, Tanana was 
cleared of his alleged "violation of 
campus regulations in publishing 
and mailing the Sept. 1975, charter 
issue of the Free Californian." 

Murphy had fo~d that the 
newsletter was " published under 
the auspices of a registered 
campus organization ... which was 
registered in timely fashion this 
faUquarter. 

"The mailing of the newspaper 
was properly approved, processed 
and sent by the mail supervisor in 
mail services then responsible for 
such matters." 

In the fall, Tanana had been 
charged with "many questionable 
activities, including mishandling 
UCSD chapter resources and at-
tempts to sabotage the Y AF . 
organization." He had also been 
accused of arranging a kickback' 
from a speaker brought to campus 
using Student Cooperative funds, a 
misuse of Y AF funds and forming 
a separate conservative 
organization that "borrows" from 
YAF'sname. . 

Tanana had been ousted from 
Y AF by the national executive 
board of that organization in 
September on the basis of these 
allegations. Jim Lacy, the 
chairman of the California YAF 
had presented the charges to the 
national board after Gary Kreep 
had supplied I)im with the ac-
cusations. 

by James G. Soto 
City EcUtor 

Over 200 people are under 
consideration as possible UC 
Regents according to Otis Watson. 
Watson is the Third College student 
who represents the UC student 
body on the statewide regental 
selection committee. 

Watson said yesterday that the 
regental selection committee at its 
final meeting last week at 
Berkeley, has submitted 200 names 
to Gov. Brown as possible suc-

Musa Calls 
For End to 
Dictatorsh i p 

by Nick Vanocur 
StaHWriter 

"Human needs must come 
before profits," Socialist Workers 
Party Senate candidate Omari 
Musa told 25 people in the Student 

Omari Musa 
Center last Thursday. 

Throughout his speech, Musa 
stressed that there are two main 

Continued on Page 11 

cessors to Mrs. Edward Heller and 
Norton Simon on the UC Board of 
Regents. 

In addition to the 200 names the 
committee has submitted, Watson 
said that Brown has also received 
the names of 30 to 40 people that 
were submitted directly to his 
office. 

According to Watson, most of the 
names submitted were the 
suggestions of either UC faculty or 
the UC alumni association. Watson 
said the list was composed 
primarily of corporate executives. 

Confirm or Deny 
Watson, who has been an ad-

vocate of nominating a Chicano to 
the Regents, submitted the names 
of five Chicanos and one black to 
Brown. Watson would not confirm 
or deny that one of the names on 
the list was that of George Walker 
Smith, a black member of the San 
Diego Board of Education. Earlier, 
the San Diego Union had reported 
that Watson had nominated Smith, 
but Watson said he was not at 
liberty to divulge his choices. 

"A Chicano has a good chance of 
getting appointed to the Board," 
said Watson. "The Governor is 
aware of the need to have a 
Chicano sit on the Regents." 
Watson believes that if a Chicano is 
not appointed this year, one may 
not be appointed for a long time. 

The UC Student Lobby informed 
Watson that Pre bel Stroltz, 
Brown's assistant who has been 
working on the regental selection 
process, is dissatisfied with the 
extensive publicity that Watson 
has been receiving for his efforts to 
have a Chicano nominated. Watson 
believes that the student 
representative has an obligation to 
make the regental selection 
process open to insure that the best 
nominee is selected. 

"The governor's office has now 
been pressured to listen to the 
recommendations of the selection 
committee," said Watson of the 

Continued on P~ge 4 

Legislature Should Fun~ UC Growth-Post 
by Chris ~owman 

The legislature should fund the 
enrollment growth of 1,438 UC 
undergraduates next year that 
Gov. Edmund Brown Jr. is 
refusing to support, legislative 
analyst A. Alan Post said last 
week. 

In his 1,047 page analysis of the 
proposed state budget, Post 
recommended a net reduction of 
$2.9 million from UC's budget, 
including deletion of the 50 
percent increase ($275,000) for 
Educational Opportunity 
Programs (EOP) requested by 
the governor. 

Post also recommended 
elimination of the $150,000 state 
subsidy supporting 40 resident 
stipends at UC San Diego 
Psychiatric Residency Program. 
He said state monies were no 
longer needed since the stipends 
are now fully paid by the federal 

gove~ent. . 
Post's recommendations for 

reductions and increases in the 
budget will be weighed heavily by 
lawmakers during the upcoming 
budget hearings. 

Advising an increase of $2.4 
million to support the un-

dergraduates, Post said "The 
implication that qualified un-
dergraduates will be denied 
admission to the university is a 
major change in public policy 
with which we do not agree." 

Gov. Brown omitted funds in 
his proposed budget to support 
1,438 undergraduates and 578 
graduates expected to enroll this 
fall - an action which he says is 
intended to force UC to cut back 
to eliminate unnecessary 
programs. Brown told UC 
President David Saxon that if UC 
cannot find the money for these 
students, he will assist. 

Post recommended no budget 
increase t~ support more 
graduates because he believes 
university departments could 
morc carefully manage graduate 
enrolbnent. 

Unqualified Students Admitted 
Throughout his analysis of the 

UC budget, Post expressed 
concern that UC )1as thrown Its 
doors open to students who, at 
another time, would not have 
been academically qualified for 
admission. Under the state's 
Master Plan for Higher 
Education, only the top 12.5 per 

cent of high school graduates are 
eligible for admission. 

However, some believe UC is 
dra wing students from below that 
level in numbers that cannot be 
explained by a special ad-
missions program for minorities. 

Post urged the California Post-
Secondary Education Com-
mission to complete Its study on 
the eligibility of UC students by 
the end ofthis year. 

Post also said that UCLA and 
Davis law school's EOP 
programs may be admitting 
unqualified minority students. He 
said only 25.5 per cent of minority 
graduates at UCLA and 34.2 per 
cent at Davis passed the bar on 
their first try. 

He recommended that bar 
exam records of minority 
students be reviewed by 'the 
Regents to determine the ef-
fectiveness of special admissions 
at these law schools. 
. Elsewhere In his analysis, Post 
asked for a reduction of 500,000 
scholars or half the state money 
supporting the undergraduate 
teaching Improvement program 

CoatiDUeel oa Page 4 

"USCD" cheerleader Adriane Ables at a recent basketball 
game. The cheerleading squad w ill keep the sweaters 
despite a knitting mix-up. Cheers come from. the heart, 
anyway . (TT photo: Bill Brooks) 

Stude~t Housing Bill · Killed 
in Senate Committee 

A bill that would have made 
housing discrimination against 
students illegal failed to pass 
through the state Senate finance 
committee last week. 

A1?sembly bill 744, authored by 
Assemblyman Howard Bennan 
(D-Los Angeles), which would 
have amended the Rumford Fair 
Housing Act to include students, 
was defeated by a 4-4 vote in the 
finance committee, with three 
abstentions. 

Student lobbyis~ registered 
amazement at the vote. "We were 
certain we had the seven votes 
needed," said UCLA lobby 
representative Milyn Villareal. 
The UCLA lobby anRex wrote the 
measure. 

It was the bill's second hearing in 
the Senate committee ; the first 
was at the close of last year's 
session in September. At that time 
it was granted reconsideration 
when the committee lost its 
quorum. 

Student lobbyists had counted on 
the votes of Senators Albert, 
Rodda, Anthony Alquist and 
Walter Stiern to gain the bill's 
passage. 

"I was shocked when Alquist, 
who had clearly indicated his 
support in letters to students from 
his area, turned around and voted 
no in committee," Villa real said. 

Rodda and Stiern, who voted yes 
on AB 744 during its hearings last 
year, abstained. Lobbyists say the 
two senators indicated they would 
not support the measure unless it 
was assured passage. 

Permitted Discrimination 
Doug Gilles, lobbyist for the 

realtors who opposed the bill, 
countered Berman's contention 
that students should be treated on 
an equal basis with other tenants 
by citing an Attorney General 
ruling on the Unruh Civil Rights 
Act, which interprets the act to 
permit arbitrary discrimination if 
th re is proven to be "reasonable 
and rational" cauSt;. 

Inability to complete a 12 month 
lease and excessive numbers of 
occupants were cited by Gilles as 
exam ples of ci rcumstances 
common in student living 
situations that demand special 
consideration by landlords. 

Lobby co-director Judy 
Samuelson, testifying on behalf of 
UC students, r esponded that 
students were not seeking special 
treatment under the Berman bill. 
" All we're asking is that if a 
landlord demands a 12-month 
lease, that he ask the same of 
students and non-students alike," 
she said. 

. 

Senator Donald Grunsky, whose 
district includes UC Santa Cruz, 
said that students are already a 
privileged class who do not need 
any more special help in seeking 
housing. " Not that I don't love 
kids," he said, " We all do. But 
we've let them have too much 
already." 

In response, Samuelson said that 
UC students are far from a 
privileged class : " Over 5,000 
students in the UC system alone 
were unable to obtain on-campus 
housing last year." 

Berman's Defense 
Berman, in defense of his bill, 

said it would not prohibit the 
landlord's options to set financial 
criteria , to limit the number of 
otcupants per apartment and to 
esUtblish house rules and leases. 

The existing provisions of the 
RUr1ford act make the practice of 
di c rimination because of race, 
colo; , religion, national origin 
ance try, ex or marital status in 
housmg accomodation unlawful. 

744 w _ Jntl' u by Ber-
man on }<'eb. 6 ot last year. It 
passed the Assembly with a vote of 
41-26 and the Senat~ "ornmittee on 
Local Government by 4-1 , ~ith two 
ab tention . 

Stud nt lobbyists have said they 
are consid ring reintroducing tM 
bill next year. 



• rI ••••• IIIJ('S 

Fem We Are an Action. Group 
The UCSD inist Coalition 

would like tel make several 
corrections con .erning the front 
page article on our organization in 
last Wednesday's (Feb. 11), TrIton 
Times. 

Re: first paragraph-
We are not a group fonned 

specifically to work for the passage 
of the Equal Rights Amendment 
(ERA) . We were conceived out of 
the need for a political action g~oup 
on campus that could respond 
directly to women's issues. 

At the present time, the ERA is a 
nation-wide concern and we feel 

that UCSD should not isolate itself 
from the national arena. The 
Feminist Coalition sees the 
necessity for the treatment of other 
serious issues as well, such as rape 
and affirmative action. But we 
realize our limitations, as well as 
our potential. Thus, we have 
narrowed ourselves down to a 
single, but extremely important 
issue for this quarter. 

Re : second paragraph-
Not only is an educational 

campaign needed to counteract the 
STOP ERA forces, but a nation-

.-----------------------------------------------~/ 

Student Grassroot~ Movement 
I would like to take this op-

portunity to thank the Triton Times 
for continuous journa lism of 
quality. 

The facts in the commentary on 
the Student Governance Con-
ference (TT, Feb. 11 ) are correct 
on the whole, but the essence is a 
bit misdirected . 

I strongly disa gree with the front 
page judgment statement that, 
" Nothing was decided. No vital 
actions were taken. No recom-
mendations will be forthcoming." I 
believ e that the attend ing 
representatives decided, that 
before we could talk a bout 
anything else, there needed to be a 
common base of 1Y10wledge. 
Understanding each other first, 
and second, the complex 
relationships existing between 
different campus groups. That is 
why the format evolved into 
something other than initial plans. 

Communication between fac-
tions in an attempt to make UCSD 
a better place for students is in 
itself a vital action. Someone has to 
take the firs t step at a grassroot 
level. No recommendations will be 
immedia tely forthcoming simply 
because student governance is too 
important an issue to be decided 
upon hastily by a few individuals. 

In the spirit of the community 
sharing what should and can exist 
on this campus, I understood the 
group to decide that the time is not 
right for tossing a round a set of 
formal recommendations. In the 
past, fa r too much has been all 
recommendations and no real 
action. It is my belief that action 
will come when it can be presented 
in a responsible credible form 
through legitimate channels of 
communication in the interest of 
the entire student community. 

I ask you to consider the question 
-Did the students in general read 
beyond the second line of the 
commentary text or did they think 
" that 's typical" and give up? 
WHY? 

I think tha,j the students who 
came in the pouring rain on a 
Sunday to communicate for six 
hours shared something more tha n 
"bull. " They deserve to be 
congratula ted, not put down for 
their caring concern. Maybe ... just 
maybe, it was community spirit 
beginning to grow. 

As . someone who attended, I 
wanted to present my own alter-
native viewpoint and do not in any 
way represent the other students 
who shared the conference. 

ANDY SCHNEIDER 
JOHN MUIR COLLEGE 

UC San Diego 
John H. Taylor 
Editor-in-chlef 

M:.rk Woellier 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
~ew. editor 

Craig Uchida 
Op,nlon Editor 

Sara J . Lowen 
Community Editor · 

Dave Elsen 
ports editor 

Na than Meyers 
Photo editor 

James G. Solo 
r.ity editor 

AnneUebler 
Copy editor 

Kenzie Nicoll 
Business Manager 

Dame I Shawler 
Arts editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Ofrtce manager 

wide action campaign must also be 
initiated to ensure passage of the 
amendment as constitutional law . 

Re : fourth paragraph-
Ronette Youmans is not the 

"chairMAN" of the Feminist 
Coalition. We have not yet 
esta blished any formal structure to 
our organization, much less any 
elected chairpersons, although the 
subject of organization has arisen. 
Some ideas on structure have been 
pre'sented by individuals in the 
group : several main coordinators, 
alternating chairpersons, 
secre tary, etc. More accurately, 
Ronette Youmans can be seen as a 
"spokesperson" of the Feminist 
Coalition. 

Re : fifth paragraph-
Hopefully, the Feminist 

Coalition is beyond " con-
sciousness-raising" to a . certain 
extent, although we do see the need 
for continuous questioning of a 
woman's status in society. We are 
an action-oriented group. 

As far as the ERA is concerned, 
however, we realize the necessity 
for re-education. STOP ERA has 
spread misconceptions and blatant 
lies about the ERA, and the facts 
must be set right. First, women 
can educate themselves and the 
public on the issues raised by anti-
ERA proponents. Second, women 
ca n organize rallies and marches 
in solidarity with ERA activities in 
unra tified states . The UCSD 
Feminist Coalition is taking action 
on both accounts. 

Re: sixth paragraph-
The San Diegans for the ERA a re 

" cons idering holdin g a 
women's ... rally" in downtown or 
Balboa Park-not The Feminist 
Coalition. We support the rally and 
will help to build it, but un-
fortunately we do not have the 
womanpower to stage such a rally . 

Continued on Page 12 

Boy, Have We 
Got A Job 
For You 

The Triton Times did a rather 
dandy job of botching up two 
paragraphs in my article on 
Angola (TT, Feb. 11 ), that helped 
the whole thing turn out rather 
badly. They accomplished this by 
carelessly leaving out some key 
words that changed the entire 
meanings of those paragraphs. I 
would like to reprint them the way 
they were supposed to have come 
out in the first place. 

1. ) " No one wants American 
involvement in another war. The 
national feeJi.ng indicates that we 
should avoid another Vietnam; 
another prolonged, endless 
struggle. Many people feel that 
instead we should be neo-
isolationist in our foreign policy. 
But American is inextricably 
immersed economically, militarily 
and politically in all parts of the 
world. Sois the Soviet Union." 

This paragraph is sensible. The 
way it was printed before made no 
sense whatsoever. 

2. ) " But which countries border 
on Angola? It is surrounded by 
Zaire , Southwest Mrica, and 
Zambia - all small Third World 
non-communist powers that don't 
even remotely approach the status 
of superpowers, nor are they near 
any . So there would be no 'endless' 
war. It would be ended relatively 
quickly if active American in-
tervention actually took place. The 
Cuban troops could also be cut off 
easily." 

Here, I am only talking about a 
hypothetical situation. Before it 
sounded like I was actually en-
couraging military involvement, 
which is not the case. 

Also, they did not even get the 
title right. The title I submitted 
was " Angola : A Balance of Power 
Needed." That was the point I was 
emphasizing most. 

JOHN WAGNER 
THIRD COLLEGE 

Wednesday, February 18, 11'76 

IRIl 
Scrambl-ed Eggs 

Jerry Ford sits in the middle of the long white table in the State Dining 
Room of the White House at breakfast making his points quietly. 
Reporters - about 40 of them - try to eat scrambled eggs and take notes at 
the same time. God help the man whose ballpoint faileth. 

It is all very polite and friendly and 'two subtle games are in progress 
simultaneously. Reporters are courteously trying to provoke the 
President intI' ..aying something derogatory about Ronald Reagan that 
would make the headlines; they fail. Ford is trying to draw a line bet-
ween himself and the Democratic Congress - on Angola, on the economy, 
on welfare, on administrative efficiency; he succeeds, at least to some 
degree. At one point he unexpectedly volunteers that, on Angola, 
Congress has backed away from a needed test of will; "They lost their 
guts!" he says. This is a surprisingly tough statement for a man not 
given to vivid hyperbole. 

Ford is normally low-keyed but sometimes he gestures mildly. The 
right hand punches out the points, the left hand waves in quiet con-
firmation. Sometimes, when the emphasis is on the concept of "all," or 
"whole," Ford brings down both hands simultaneously in opposing 
curves as though he were outlining a football. He is an attractive figure in 
his direct, decent way. Over the fireplace behind him sits a brooding 
Lincoln in an oil painting with chin on hand, pondering it all. He is the 
titulary deity of the splendid great gold-carpeted cream and white room. 

Ronald Reagan seems almost to have been invented to accentuate 
Ford's good points. He has flair, flamboyance, and a superficiality that is 
awe-inspiring. The President is dull and drab and dependable and does 
his homework. At present, the two seem to be in a competition of con-
servatism. 

Reagan may beat the President in the New Hampshire primary next 
week, but it is hard to believe that the Republicans will ultimately throw 
away their chances and go down to defeat with an updated Goldwater. It 
is often argued that there are no differences between Ford and Reagan 
but this isn't quite correct. Ford believes in working out some ac-
commodation with Panama, for example , over the Canal ; Reagan just 
slaps his chest, says " it's ours," and runs up the American flag. " We 
bought it; we paid for it," he says. 

A reporter asks Ford about the Nixon trip to China. No, Nixon never 
told the President or "Henry" about the trip, and the Chinese didn't 
consult them either. It turns out that the President calls Nixon up now 
and then-holidays, bJrthdays and times like that; it is just "con-
versations between two old friends." Reporters scribble hastily. Nixon 
and his trip to China, they know, are matters of acute embarrassment to 
the Administration: they pull the scab off that old sore-the pardon. What 
a thing to recall at election time ! 

Ford 's views are dependable, perhaps, because he doesn 't change them 
often. He tells a questioner that the thing he regards as his greatest 
accomplishment, the thing he is most proud of, is the way he has run the 
economy. " We didn't panic, we didn't lose Ollr cool; we did what we 
thought was right and the net result has been an economic recovery 
better and more rapid than we, ourselves, predicted." 

We gasp a little. Seven and a half percent unemployment; for every 
per centage point the Treasury loses $17 billion, three for unemployment 
compensation and 14 billion in taxes. If the rate were cut in half, the 
Federal budget would balance. A fifth of America's youth between 16 and 
24 can't find jobs; in some cities-70 percent of the minority y~uth ar~ idle. 

Ford 's budget is designed to keep umemployment over seven percent 
{or another year. As Senator Muskie said the other day, "Clearly, 
something is wrong in a system in which there is so much work to be done 
at the same time that there are so many people without work." 

Ford honestly and vigorously doesn't believe in "made-work; " this is 
no time for WPA-type jobs, he told a meeting of Republican leaders from 
Northeastern states here last week. These jobs are just " temporary," he 
says ; the only real way to create jobs "with a future " is to stimulate the 
private economy. 

General Eisenhower followed the same pre-Keynesian thinking and 
succeeded in having three recessions in eight years, a near-record; each 
time recovery got started he pulled the rug out from under it. There is the 
feeling now among economists that Ford may succeed in aborting this 
recovery, too, particularly if the Fed keeps the money-supply throttled. 
Paul McCracken is no radical, he was head of the Nixon Council of 
Economic Advisers ; he warns that the money supply isn't growing fast 
enough to support even the modest recovery targeted by, of course, Ford. 

The Administration may be right, but its past record is scary, the 
crusade to raise taxes in December 1974, with the celebrated WIN but-
tons ; then the quick switch in January, 1975, to cut taxes. The decision 
not to aid New York City, then the decision to aid it, and so on. It can 
always be said that at any given point, the President is direct and 
determined. 

Take Angola . Congress let him down. The situation recalls the final 
days of Vietnam when Ford entreated Congress for $722 miUion in ad-
ditional military assistance for the South. A Gallup poll showed the 
public 78 percent against it. It seems aeons ago, and yet it was only last 
spring, on April 10, when Ford made his urgent hopeless appeal. 

Now Congress has "lost its guts" once again, he says. Angola has 
slipped away from us. Ford repeats hopefully, however, several limes 
that "Congress has learned its lesson .. .I happen to believe that Congress 
having made one mistake won't make it again." He is earnest and sin-
cere anil the quick confirmatory gesture of hls corroborative hands shows 
his conviction. He volunteers that "weare making some headway." 

Headway? He implies that there is headway in persuading a wayward 
Democratic Congress to go along with him. Others have criticized him 
for his vetoes; he says comfortably that he believes it is "an all-lime 
record." 

Reporters depart, some of them wondering. There is no doubt that the 
President is a direct, likeable man. It is not inconceivable that the voters 
will elect him next fall . Is he aware of how many questions in life have 
two sides; how many problems are subtle-is he living in reality? 

The Tri ton Times Is recognized by the Communicat ions Board 01 ucso as the off icial 
siudent newspaper . Publication Is on Mondays. Wedneldays and Fridays during the 
regular school year (except on oll iclal holiday.) . Edhorlal and buSiness ollices are 
localed In 117 Blake Hall on lhe Re-elle College cam pus, Universily 01 Californ ia. San 
Diego 

Le ller. to the Editor and opinion Columns . re welcomed , All submissions should be 
typed on a 74-space line on nonerasable paper . They should not exceed three pages In 
l8<1glh double·spaced The Triton Times reseMlS the right to edll submissions beaus. 
01 space limitations or style reqUi rements. 

For editorial . call ~52-30466 , lor business and display advertisements, call <52-301M 
Enlir conlents copyright t 976, Triton Times . 

. --

Wednesday, February 18,1976 Pagt' three 

by Steve Northrup 

Militarism: Why? 
The documentary film Hearts 

and Minds was shown here on 
campus last Friday and Saturday, 
and it begged for an answer to this 
question. 

Here are two possible ap-
proaches to it : 1) Why do in· 
dividuals not partiCipate in wars 
and 2) What are the government 
designs and policies which cause 
imperialism, fascism and 
nationa lism? Or in different words, 
is the problem one 0( individual 
morals or is it one of politics? I 
take it to be true, that political 
problems have their roots in in-
dividual moral awareness, or lack 
of awareness, even though a 
political anschaung may outgrow 
and transcend it. 

I want to analyze the problem of 
militarism from the standpoint of 
personal awareness for those of us 
who are politically nascent and 
tend ' to inquire in a direction 
paralleling the following postulate: 
" Opportunities to inflict harms of 
greatly varying degree present 
themselves to every individual 
during his or her life, and as a 
result every person tends to do 
harm to other persons whether it 
be maniCest in intra personal love 
struggles or In sheer physical 
brutality." This is not a problem of 
sadism. The type of harm I speak 
of is only recogni~ed after it has 
been committed, and this 
recognition is one facet in the 
process known as consciousness-
raising. 

Hearts and Minds lends itself 
readily to this process by raising a 
question that can be reduced to this 
- Why were those of us who saw the 
film shocked by it, while most of 
the men who were soldiers in the 
film hadn't been shocked by doing 
the things which were so revolting 
to us? 

It might seem that the best way 
to answer this question is to simply 
ask one of the soldiers who later 
turned against the war. However, 
when several of them attempted to 
give an answer in the film, it 
became obvious ,that they are 
every bit as perplexed as I am. 
Perhaps it is due to a pacifist bias 
on the part of the movie makers, 
but the ex-soldiers who came 

across as having "seen the light" 
seemed capable of nothing more 
than stunned confusion and in-
dignation. Because of this and the 
potential for hurting -people 
mentioned above, I believe that the 
basic question of why men fight 
may be taken up by every in-

JEWS & MOSLEMS: 
'THEIR CULTURAL INTERACTION 

IN THE MIDDLE AGES' 
A LECTURE BY 

DR· ARTHUR HYMAN, 
YESHIUA UNIVERSITY, NEW YORK 

Wedflesday, February 18, 1976 
8:00 pm 

UCSD International Center 

A reception will follow the lecture 
• 

ELECT 
AI 

Tarkington 
COUNCILMAN 

• C.P.A. • ENVIRONMENTALIST 
AdyocGle 0' Open Spcrce 

Acquisition Through More 
Efficient Govemment 

1'911.11 ad pili .... .., c-"'I .... III IIect ,_lei ..... . 10. e, Del Mer. c • . 

dividual regardless of whether or 
not he has ever participated in a 
war. 

Maybe a movie containing 
scenes such as the pistol execution 
of a man (from which a well-known 
photograph was made) and the 
torture of a soldier by repeatedly 
kicking him in the balls can only by 
it's very nature ' develop into a 
polarized issue of good people 

against bad people. Gen. Patton 
certainly seemed a very 
frightening man when he spoke 
proudly of his men as being a damn 
good bunch of killers, and the CIA 
agen~ ' who described helicopter 
confession techniques did so with a 
demeanor that puzzled those of us 
who consider ourselves to be 
human. 

And conversely, Daniel Ellsberg 

MAR~ 21-2~ 
DUR'N€r (lUIIRif.R B4II1( 

5 ALL DRY LIFT TiCKfT~ 
5 N1G-HT3 LOD&INe-
'WEL.COf¥l£ filKiY 
2))IlNCES 
""N~ I CHE.E.&E. f},qy 
BUFF£T lJ'NNE/{/ir StHM'A3 

gave the impression that he was 
suffering all the collective sins of 
our sick society, (even though I 
couldn't distinguish most of his 
wo rds ) and Sen. Fulbright 
displayed laudable insight for a 
man in such an influential position. 
The little girl who wanted to know 
what Vie tnam looked like was 
refreshingly innocent, especially in 
contrast to the answer she got (it's 
beautiful except for the people). 

But I was distressed to realize 
that the ' audience's gene ra l 
reaction to such a vivid presen-
tation of good and evil was one of 
pugnacious indignation aimed at 
the supposedly evil characters 
rather than an evil itself. How else 
may one expla in the fact that 
everyone cheered when pictures 
captioned as North Vietnamese 
anti-aircraft fire were flashed on 
the screen? It may have consisted 
of a wrath of justice, but this didn 't 
seem too different from the passion 
which led the mother in the movie-
within-a -movie to make her son 
swear on the Bible that he wasn"t a 
Communist, or the parents of a 
dead Ha rvard graduate to state 
quite strongly that their son had 
not died in vain, because he had 
been fighting for his country. 

Much of Hearts a nd Minds can 
only be described as sickening, but · 
because of this it forces people to 
ask questions. The episodes of 
bodily mistreatment contorted my 
insides. My eyes have never been 
subjected to such sights as a one-
inch thick spout of blood shooting 
out of a man's head or of children 
badly burned by napalm bombs 
runn ing around with expressions of 
slightly incoherent confusion. 

Nor have I ever seen an old 
Vietnamese fa rmer wander 
through a pile of br ick rubble and 
point out the exact spots where his 
daugher and wife had stood when a 
bomb hit outside the front door of 
what had been their house, or 
watched the inhabitants of a 
village mill around with an air of 
fright and incomprehension while 
American soldiers set their grass 
huts on fi re. The bombing scenes 
all reminded me of what a red ant 
hill looks like after a little boy 
kicks it, except that in this case the 
ants ran on two legs and had ex-
pressions on their fa ces that 
couldn't ever be imitated by the 
best actor. 

Mter watching this, and t hen 
Continued on Page 11 

T'C.K.£T5 SOUl itT S7~Ul:J£/tlT ~ 
(EIWIt) ~-na.'P't NOG7I-l,.,." "'-1= 
J)eADLII'JE.. FlB O. 19 b 
Fo~ ~oll£. 

I"Foltl'l4T1 ON CIILL: 
~ !lS5-8358 - ~/tK£ o~ ])Ot{ 
1lC . U.SA .K. CLua 



.......... 

Politics: james G. Soto 

Grahite State Limited 
All aboard fo the Granite State Limited! ! 
We pulled ou of Grand Central Station on Saturday morning. We were 

not elpected to arrive at our New Hampshire tenninus for another three 
hours or so. As might be expected under such circumstances, we decided 
to go to the club car. 

The Saturday morning "Granite State Limited" has become a very 
crowded train lately. Before we left the New Yorker offices, we had the 
pleasant opportunity to talk to our old friend Tom Wicker. Wicker said 
that he took the Granite State Limited last week . On the train, he lunched 
with Evans and Novak, Nick Von Hoffman, and Rona Barrett, who were 
all on their way to cover the New Hampshire primary. 

Wicker told us that the contest between Reagan and Ford, which has 
been attracting much of the media 's attention of late, has caused many of 
us in the national press corps to overlook the major effort that Morris 
Udall is making in New Hampshire. In the sumptuous splendor of the 
New Yorker Board of Directors lounge, Wicker informed us that Morris 
Udall bas spent a great deal of money and time in New Hampshire in 
order to make an impressive showing. According to Wicker, Udall feels 
he must tum in an impressive showing In New Hampshire to prepare 
himself for a victory in the crucial state of Massachusetts, which has its 
primary a few weeks after the New Hampshire contest. 

Old Friead Gore Vidal 
back on the Granite State Limited, we settled down to a pleasant day of 

drinking and smoking opium pipes. One of us turned around in the car 
and saw Bill Buckley talking to his old friend Gore Vidal. Vidal had just 
finished throwing his martini into Buckley's face after the noted Co~ 
servative made a less-than-encouraging remark about the literary 
talents of the author of " Burr." At any rate, one of us asked Buckley and 
Vidal if they had a light for the orium pipe. Buckley, who smokes foul 
smelling cigars inside the United States, and marijuana on his yacht 
outside the three mile limit , said he would be honored to give us a light if 
we would assist him in dumping Vidal out of the club car someplace 
between Grand Central Station and the first stop, New Haven, Con-
necticut. 

It was just one mile outside the New Haven station when we tossed 
Vidal out the window. Vidal was screaming something about the need for 
Sargeant Shriver to score heavily in the Catholic blue-collar precincts if 
his campaign was to have any hope. Shriver, according to Vidal, who was 
holding on to the fast moving train with one arm, is the last hope of 
Camelot. At a party for the SLA defense fund in December, Shriver told 
Vidal that his goal was to stay with the pack in New Hampshire and then 
roll on to a big win in the heavily Catholic state of Massachusetts . 

All of Five Seconds 
We could not hear anything more because Buckley slammed the 

window on Vidal's weakening fingers. Buckley then began to tell us what 
he thought of the New'Hampshire primary. As many of us know, Buckley 
has not been too impressed with the performance of President Ford. In 
fact Buckley told us he would like to run for the office himself. His 
magazine would probably suffer with him making decisions of state ~ 
stead of devoting himself to the further improvement of National Review. 
One of us, who happened to be drinking a rum and Coca-Cola, asked the 

conservative sage if Reagan could beat Ford. Buckley thought for all of 
five seconds before exclaiming in a rather bored tone, "yes." 

It was Buckley 's thinking, and we can state without too many reser-
vations that Buckley convinced us of the veracity of his conclusion, that 
Reagan will probably get most of the undecided vote. It is his thinking 
that Republicans are beginning to feel cheated by Ford's policies, and 
""'w is the time for protest. They remember, said Buckley, that most of 

,-,rd's campaigning for New Hampshire senatorial candidate Louis 
\'t j man was ineffectual, and Ford does not seem to have the strength to 
win an elect ion. The dour New Englander, though perhaps turned off by 
Reagan's Hollywood image, is aware that Reagan has won two elections 
in the nations largest state, enough record. Buckley told us not to be too 
surprised if Ford does not fall out of the race after Florida or Illinois. 

Kindly Refused 
Btlckley started to tell us about his new novel when Eric Sevareid and 

H .. rey Reasoner came strolling into the car. One of us, trying to be polite, 
offered ~ ·'areid an opium pipe, but the CBS commentator kindly refused 
by rew: , g us that he does not indulge before he takes his lunch. 

RIC . . .er egan to talk about the unexpected success of Jimmy Carter 
in the state caucuses and how he expected Carter to do quite well in New 
Hampshire. Talking freely-perhaps because of the influence of the 
rather stiff Old Fashioned in his hand-of changes the new campaign law 
has made in the electoral system, Reasoner was interrupted by Sevareid 
who rudely yawned in such a manner that TRB was roused from his 
slumber in an adjacent chair. Sevareid began to pontificate about the 
impending change in the way Americans choose their leaders and the 
need to escape the monster of Watergate. 

We began to doze off a bit-having imbibed too much of whatever each 
of us was imbibing-when we were surprised to hear TRB loudly address 
the still pontificating Sevareid, who now was droning on about the need 
for a new direction in the way we consider our news. TRB, havfng 
disturbed the whining Sevareid and the dozing " us," said, "stuff it Eric!" 

We knev' that we were going to enjoy our visit to Loeb Land. 

Economist 
Heller to 

Speak Here 
Economist Walter HeUer will 

speak on "Political Economy of 
Recovery and Inflation" at 7:30 
pm, Feb. 19, in the UC San Diego 
Mandeville Center Auditorium. 

Heller, who was chairman of the 
Council of Economic Advisors to 
Presidents Kennedy and Johnson, 
has been in government service 
since 1942. 

At various times in his career, 
Heller has been Chief of Internal 
Finance of the US military 
government in, Germany, co~ 
sultant to the Uiuted Nations, the 
Committee for Economic 
Development and the US Census 
Bureau, and tax advisor to King 
Hussein and the Royal Commission 
of Jordan. 

Since 1974, Heller has been 
consultant to the Executive Office 
of the President and a member of 
the Federal Energy Office 
Advisory Panel. Heller is currently 
Regents' Professor of Economics 
at the University of Minnesota, 
where he has been a member of the 
department of Economics since 
1946. 

Heller is the author of " What's 
Right With Economics" and 
" Economic Growth and 
Environmental Quality : Collision 
or C<rExistence" and has made ten 
appearances on NBC's " Meet the 
Press." 

Regent. .. 
publicity he has generated. " If 
there had not been the publicity, 
the public would not have been 
informed. The governor's office 
wanted the whole process hushed-
up. " 

Long Short Walt 

Watson said that the com-
mittee 's work is essentially 
finished. The committee will only 
reconvene when Brown finally 
makes his decision sometime after 
March 1. At that time the com-
mittee will ratify Brown's two 
nominees. "The long short wait 
now begins," said Watson. 

Watson said that he was glad to 
have a chance to gain an insight 
into the statewide appointment 
process. He also enjoyed working 
with "some of the most respected 
citizerL'l in the state, especially Mr. 
Edward HeUer." 

According to Watson, though his 
work on the committee is over, he 
hopes to stay in sta tewide 
government next year by applying 
for the position of Student Regent 
toUC. 

HIGH QUALITY 
SECRETARIAL SERVICE 

In Mission Valley 
SpecialIzing In Thesis Typing, 

Reports, Manuscripts, and 
Business Work 

%80-3343 

ThiRd CoLLEGE 
BowLiNG NiGhT 

3 Games only a $1 
This Fri. nile-Feb. 20th 
Free Transportation 

Only 29 spaces left 
(Open only to Th"d College focuity, staff and students) 
Pacific Beach Bowl on Gamet at 9:00 pm 
Sign up !::JS2J:::i at Third College Dean's office, MC 412 
Trophies are on di play at the office . 
'NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY · JUST FOR FUN!' 

LiMandri Cites Differences 
In Student Lobby Split 

In a short meeting Monday night, 
the Student COOperative (Coop) 
conducted regular business and 
heard a presentation on a 
deepening rift between the UC San 
Diego arm of the UC Student Lobby 
and the Statewide External Affairs 
Action Center. 

Lobby member Marco LiMandri 
said the split was rooted in the 
different aims of the two groups. 

LiMandri said that the Lobby 
was working to eliminate 

Funding ... 
pending cnanges in University 
policies to improve the program. 

Emphasize Teacbing Quality 
He asked for UC policies to i~ 

sure more emphasis on teaching 
quality when making faculty 
promotions and greater interest in 
the program on the part of campus 
administrators. 

Post indicated that the program 
was only moderately successful 
and recommended deleting 50 per 
cent of that portion of the special 
$1,000,000 allocated to teaching 
ev al ua tion. 

Post also recommended cutting 
$267,000 from the Berkeley-San 
Francisco Medical Education 
program, an experimental effort 
by the Berkeley campus to educate 
health professionals in a non-
traditional way. He said there is no 
basis for supporting the program's 
full cost because the university is 
not accepting new enrollees for 
next year. 

He added, "Particular attention 
is being gi ven to the issue of 
whether or not to expand the 
program to include clinical 
training for third and fourth year 
med students." 

Med School Cutbacks 
Post also urged reducing the 

1976-77 entering class at the UC 
Davis medical school from 100 to50 

traditional forms of student 
government, including the Student 
Body Presidents Council at which 
the action center represents UCSD. 

Tension has been heightened by 
the freezing of the Lobby's funds 
by the Budget Resource Group 
because of alleged fund misuse by 
the Lobby. 

The Coop also approved $7,191 in 
budget funds, including an ad-
ditional $2,493 for the Cinco de 
Mayo program. 

students until their current im-
passe with Sacramento County for 
securing the Sacramento medical 
center as a teaching hospital is 
resolved. 

While Sacramento COIlnty and 
the University made Ii three-year 
interim agreement at the Regent's 
meeting last month, Post said 
there is no assurance that the 
university will secure a long-term 
contract for the Sacramento 
medical center. 

" We believe the lack of definitive 
long-term agreement raises 
questiorL'l about the capabilities of 
the medical school to continue Its 
present clinical enrollment beyond 
July 1, 1978, the contract ter-
mination date," Post said. 

He said other medical schools, 
particularly Irvine, could adjust 
entering classes to offset a 
reduction at Davis. 

Other major issues and 
recommendatiorL'l in Post's budget 
analysis include : 

• A freeze on funds for the 
Extended University program in 
line with Brown's desire to end the 
program next year. 

·A . reduction of $500,000 for 
campus computer centers. 

·Deletion of about $1,000,000 in 
state funds for college scholarships 
and loans. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Graduate students are needed 

immediotely to sit on executive 
committees thot oversee the 
reviewal the groduate programs in 
literature . Chemist ry and 
Neurosc iences. These reviews can 
be 0 vehicle for great chonge os 
they cover TA policy, course 
quolity , fairness of graduote exams 
and policies. tf you wont to im-
prove things ot UCSD, send your 
nome to the Groduote Student 
Council 0 -003. 

y 
I 

In oddition to present check 
cosh ing focilities ot the Cashier's 
Office, 401 Me, there ore now 
check cashi ng focilities ot the 
Student Center Box Office . Bet-
ween the hours of 10: 15 ond 1 :45 
pm , doily except weekends ond 
holidoys, students with proper 
identification moy cosh persono l 
checks up to $25. Th is reploces 
check coshing services formerly 
prOVided by the Revelle Sundry 
Store . 

V 
I 

I I 
E E 
8 I U U 
R II 
R II 

o 
"WA ... _~.H~DW (H.I .... N 

f'OIIRY I'ROSl (m", "I AlK ,\MI RtCAN I·XPI· RII Nlf 
FEBRUARY lO.8:30pm ... J. !I-& •• JC) 
mAnoEUlllE AUoITo RIUm " " "" '''' "' 452-4090 

WHAT'S ON: 2/18-2/23 
Beginning with nexl week's WHA T'S ON, the deadline for all material will 

be noon Thursday althe student center information desk. Please do not bring 
announcements to the Triton Times office -- WI/just gum up the works. 

wednesday 
9 am - 4 pm- Job Interviews. Burroughs Corporation seeking BS, MS in AMES for 

E ngineer, Engineering Programmer; BA, MA in APIS for Systems Programmer ; BA in 
Social Sciences for sales. Appointments necessary. Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

9 am - 4 pm-Job Interviews. May Company seeking Liberal Arts/Social Science 
graduates for Executive Development or Merchandise Training Programs. Appointments 
necessary. Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

12:30 pm-Discussion. "Students-should/will they run the Student Center" Revelle 
Community Center 

1 pm-Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
1 pm-Works bop. Test Anxiety Workshop for students desiring to reduce test anxiety and 

become more effective test takers Revelle Provost Office. 
2 pm-Meeting. Women 's Swap Meet, informal get-together and idea exchange also at 7 

pm, Women's Center. 
2.pm-Group. Interpersonal Relations Group, 302 M.C. East Wing. 
2:30 pm-Cllnic. Sex Clinic for students seeking information or counseling about sexual 

concerns, Revelle Counselors Office. 
3 pm-Meeting. R.C.C.A. Meeting, Revelle Provost Office. 
3 pm-DIsabled Student Union meetlDg. Disabled Student Center (Next to the Revelle 

Cafeteria). All interested students invited. 
3 pm-Meeting. Comm. Board Meeting, Upstairs Student Organizations. 
4 pm-Meeting. Revelle Residence Hall Board Meeting. Blake Conference Room. 
4 pm-Poetry. Ron Silliman, Revelle Informal t.ounge 
4 pm-Meeting. Feminist Coalition Meeting, Women's Center. 
4: 30 pm-Cllnlc. Rap Session on Birth Control Methods Student Health Center. 
S pm-Meeting. Fitness Club, Conference Room North Balcony Main Gym. 
6 pm-Meeting. OASIS, Game Conference Room Student Center. 
6 pm-Meeting. S.A.T.C.H., Third College Lounge. 
6 pm- Meeting. " The Triton Wa rgaming Society, 902 Tioga Hall. 
6:30 pm-Class in American Sign Language. Open to all members of the university 

community as well as other interested persons. Disabled Student Center (Next to the 
Revelle Cafeteria). 

7:30 pm-MeetlDg. E.A.B.rStudent Center Game Conference Room. 
7:30 pm-Lecture. " PredictiorL'l of San Diego's Future-Both Politically and Socially", 

Willard Johnson Central School, Vulcan Ave., Leucadia. 
7:30 pm-MeetlJut. Chinese Christian Fellowship Bible Study, Blake Conference Room. 
7:30 pm-Meeting. T.F.C., Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7: 30 pm-Meeting. Trident Christian Fellowship, Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7: 30 pm-Grad Training In Professional Psycholo~y, Mathews Rec. Center. 
7:30 pm-Lecture. "I'm OK You're OK" Transactional Analysis, Fourth College 

Cafeteria. 
8 pm-Dancing. Old-Time Country Dancing, live music,~o experience necessary Con-

ference Room Rec Gym. Free. 
8 pm-Mllsic. Anthology of Piano Theater with Pauline Oliveros, Jean-Charles Francois, 

Eleanor Antin, Bill Brooks, Ed Harkins and Bernard Rands, Mandeville Recital Hall. 
8 pm-Lecture. " Jews and Moslems; Their Cultural Interaction in the Middle Ages," 

International Center. 
8 :30 pm- Music. Music at Muir 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. 
9:00 pm-Music. 5& Dime's "Sing for Your Supper Series," featuring Lewis Michaelson 

and Mark Shepard. Let them take you on a roller coaster ride. 5 & Dime. Lower Muir 
CommorL'l. 

thursday 
12 noon-8emlnar. Joji Yuasa, Composer, B-210 Mandeville. 

12 noon-COocert. "The Traditional Irish Contraband", Fourth College Cafeteria . 
12 noon-Lunch. StudentlFaculty Luncheon, North Dining Hall. Muir Cafeteria with John 

Evens, Steven Howell, Bert Kobayaski, and other faculty. 
12:30 pm-Lunch. Student-Faculty Lunch, Revelle Side Door. 
1 pm-Works bop. Test Anxiety workshop, Revelle Provost Office. 
1 pm-Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
2 pm-Meeting. Revelle Community Center Volunteer Program, Revelle Community 

Center. 
2 pm-Worksbop. Creativity Workshop for students wanting either to enhance or unblock 

the ir creativity, Muir Counselors Office. 
3:00 pm-Meet your Mair Provost. Muir Provost Office. Munchies as usual. 
3-4 : 30 pm-The Psychology of tile Courtroom. Discussion on the role of psychological 

processes in the criminal trial setting. Leader: Norbert L. Kerr, Assistant Professor, 
Department of Psychology, uom. Third College F -125. 

3-4 :30 pm-Dreama aDd Creativity: A Tl'8IIlIpenonal Perspective. Dreams and the 
creative process will be explored from the newly emerging theoretical perspective in 
PSychology: the tranapersonal. Leader: Ron Lane, Ph.D., UCSD Counseling and 
Psychological Service. Student Center, North Conference Room. 

4 pm-Lecture. "ParUcle-Size Measurements in Flames Using Observed Power Spectra 
for Scattered Laser RadiaUon", Jay Bernard, 7104 Urey Hall. 

4 pm-MeetlDl. General Meeting of the Temis Club. Rec. Conference Room. 
5 pm-MeetlDl. Sports Car Club, Lounge Conference Room. Student Center. 
6 pm-Meet...,. M.E.C.H.A., Thlrd College Lounge. 
6 pm-Meet •. Muir Outhlng Club, A.P .M. U02 
6 pm-Meet ...... bbey of Leng, Student Center Game Room Conference Room. 
6 pm-Meetlal. Student Fees Programs, Student OrganizaUoM. 
6 pm-Meetl .... Triton Wargaming Society, USB 403OB. 
6:30 pm-MeetiDI. A.A.S.A., General Membership Meeting, Revelle Informal Lounge, 

also two films "Yellow Brotherhood and The Sleepwalker". 

7:30 pm-Lecture. Labor Teach-in: Stanley Aronowitz will speak on the American Labor 
Movement, Discussion will follow, North Conference Room Student Center. 

7:30-9:30 pm-The Psychology of Liberation. Presentation/discussion of the role of 
psychology in different Liberation struggles. Panelists: Barbara Benerock, Ph.D., SDSU, 
School of Social Work, Leon Nower, Ph.D. , SDSU, Math Department. Fourth College 
Cafeteria. 

7:30-9 :30 pm-Biofeedback: It's Potential and Limitations. Demonstration/discussion of 
biofeedback and it's application. Leader : David Jacobs, Ph.D., Biofeedback Institute, San 
Diego. Fourth College Recreation Center lounge. 

7 :30 pm-Meeting. U.C.S.D. Ski Club, CR 104 Third College. 
8 pm-Music. Voice is The Original-Concert of the New Vocal Music by Joan La Brabara , 

Mandeville Aud. 
8:30 pm-Meeting. Students interested in " Wilderness and Contemporary Man" course 

offered this spring, should attend the Orientation Meeting. H&SS Rm 2250. 
8:30 pm-Meeting. Hoyd Thacker, Side Door, Revelle. 

friday 
9 am - Meeting. Interns, Student Organizations 
11 am - Meeting. SAA, North Conference Room. 
1 pm - Men's Tennis, USIU, Muir Courts. 
1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
1 pm - Music. Women's Center is sponsoring a music get together, bring your body, voice 

and/or instrument, Women's Center. 
2 pm - Lecture- "Current Studies" , Gerald Kost and Mohan Thangavelu B248 BSB 

Mathews Campus. 
3 p~ - Sports. Women's Sports Day every Friday, Meet at Women 's Center if you wantto 

play. 
4 pm - Sports. Men's Swimming, Pool. 
4 :30 pm - Sports. Women's Basketball, Main Gym. 
6:30 pm - Dinner. Indian-Pakistan Evening Dinner and Entertainment International 

Center, Students - $2 GA - $3. 
Call 452-3731 for reservations. 
7 pm - Meeting. Folk Dance, Recreation Conference Room. 
7:30 pm - Movie. " The Conversation", USB 2722, also shown at lOpm. 
7:30 pm - Lecture . "Total Health Care in China", Dr. Jeoffrey Gordon, Discussion and 

slides, La Jolla Recreation Center 615 Prospect. 
8 pm - Sports. Men's Volleyball, Main Gym. 
8 pm - Plays. Two One-Act Plays, " The Anniversary" and "The Lesson", Mandeville 

Recital Hall. 
9 pm - Dance sponsored by the Muir College Program Board. Come dance to the music of 

. Northrail in the Muir College cafeteria. Must show student 1.0. Free. 

saturday 
INTRODUCTION TO GESTALT 

10 - 12 - Film/Presentation introduction to the principles and techniques of Gestalt 
Therapy. Leader : Cathy Conheim, Gestalt Therapist , La Jolla. Fourth College Recreation 
Center Lounge. 

10 -12 - MUSICAL ILLUSIONS. Demonstration/discussion - when two musical sequences 
are played simultaneously, one to each ear, strange things are heard. Leader: Diana 
Deutsch, Ph.D., Assistant Research Psychologist, UCSD. Third College F -I25. 

10 - 12 - THE PSYCHOLOGY OF HUMOR. Film/discussion - three film shorts follo wed 
by a discussion of humor and what makes people laugh . Leader : Sam Menahem, 
Psychological Intern. 

1 pm - Sports. Men's Tennis, Muir Courts. 
1 pm - Sports. Fencing, Main Gym. 
2 pm - Sports. Rugby I, II , Muir Field. 
3 pm - Sports. Men's Swimming, Pool. 
7:30pm- Movie. " Day for Night", Mandeville Aud. $1 Shown again at 10 pm. 
9 pm - Dance. Muir Main Dining Hall, $3.00 per person $5 per couple. 

sunday 
Worship services at University Community Church 9595 u Jolla Shores Drive. 
Lutheran-l0 am 
Catholic- 8:30 am and S pm 
Episcopal- 12 noon (note new time) 

10 :30 am - Wonblp. Catholic Student Mass, North Conference Room Student Center. 
1 pm -Sports. Ultimate Frisbee, Revelle Field, all Welcome! ! 
3 pm - Meeting. Chess Club call Edna for place. 
7 pm - Meeting. Duplicate Bridge, Revelle North Dining HaU. 

3 



• 

Pal· ... I 
1976 "'omens' Tennis 

.M 
by velya Barala 

Staff Writer 
"If the top ten or twelve players 

stay with us, we'll probably be one 
of the top teams in our league. I 
don't see that any other team could 
be that much better," UCSD 
women's tennis coach Chris 
Mattson confidently noted, as she 

spoke of her team's prospects for 
the upcoming season. 

The UCSD team is one of nine to 
compete in the San Diego Women's 
Athletic Conference. Both junior 
and four year colleges participate, 
but separate records are kept in 
match play among the two types of 
s<:nools. A league champ!onship 

Colling, Freestone 
Track Surprises 

The UCSD track team, after two 
years of hibernation, is alive and 
weUagain. 

A small contingent of Coach 
Andy Skiers track squad par-
ticipated in an All-Comers Meet at 
Grossmont College Saturday. 
Judging from the results, the 
Tritons should be in for a suc-
cessful season. 

In the sprints, Eric Colling and 
Eric Hendricks fared well. The 100-
yard dash saw Colling finish 
fourth, in 10.4 seconds. In the 220 
yard dash, Colling blazed to a 22.5 
second clocking, and in the process 
finished in first place . Hendricks 
was not far behind with a time of 
22.9. 

UCSD hurdler Lance Freestone 
surprised everyone but himself 
'. - -

(IIABTERS 
SAVE UP TO SOo/. in '76 

EUROPE froml 299 * 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 wits. 

APR_-OCT_ '76 
Over 915 Flights bul: 
LIMITED SEATS on long 
and 5ummer flights 50 
book today far '76 

o.~ ... " tI_ I, .11. 
291-8141 

" D~~~i:,~ 
101< ..... ~.II.y-Equdobi. Ildg 

1333 Camino d.l Rio South 
S.D •• CA 92108 

• Minimum far. which rise, de· 
pendent on date & length of flite. 

with a fi~e 15.9 clocking in the 120 
yard high hurdles. Lance finished 
in a first place tie for that event. 

In the distance races, the Tritons 
were outclassed by the Griffins of 
Grossmont College. The 880 yard 
dash was won with a very swift 
1:53.9, and Jon Halperin finished 
fourth for UCSD. In the two mile, 
Grossmont's George Pulen set a 
very fast pace and hit the tape in a 
remarkable time of nine minutes 
and five seconds. UCSD harrier 
Doug Jacobson, with the help of the 
quick tempo, ran a lifetime best of 
9:56. 

Coach Skief encourages any and 
all students interested in ruMing 
track this season to get in touch 
with him. There is still time to get 
in shape for the upcoming season. 

CO-P1ES 
0IIIr 
... 31L¢ 10 
:'u /2 .1 •• 

t(tNlCOI J LOCA~ 
tlOS~ -.cllUlII401UJ 
m, COUIMAVI. .7 .. '. 

NOW OPEN DAILY 

THE JUTE DEPOT 
2368 Kettner Blvd . 
Kettner and Lau re l 

Phone 239-1418 9:30to 6 daily 
LOWEST PRICES 
IN TOWN FOR 

26 smashing JUTE colors 
Beads-Rings-Shells-Books-

Ethnic Jewelery 
10% off with this ad . 

CII TIB IUTTI 
-14 5 .228.1 

eus PACkAC£ AIR PACKAC! 

I FULL PAYMENT oua: FEBRUARY 20 I 

IIllel 38 -27 
(SpT 1n8 Quarter Br .. k) 

1 n .outh~.Urn Culurado 11 •• the uld _.te.rn .ln1n" t~ of Crelu·d lIutte. Ttur tCNn, wi th 
Iu quaint Vh: l "rI .. n holU.lfll .nd .hop_, variety of (,lutMJrant l , b il l'S and " k.ld,.b.clt~ at-os_ 
pher~ II ,. .. .1nb. ent uf dolY. put. 1n c ootUlt to tM town, the .I.J .('ea wJth it. '"QlllPt.,_ 
of ccmdc.J.nl ....... l~e • • r .. tauranla & bar. lind .hop. I . cOIIOr· .. ·t .nd daht .It the ..mtlln; 
and \oIh.t • IlluUntdn i t h! Ne.ll" arnon; the towerlnl M~ ('OVtr~ lodty Moont .!n., .nd in 
I LtI"I & w1ndirc valley Ue, '"The kitle" , .. i th (Wer !tltO ,k1able 01' re., IU 'erviC!ed by ~ 
clbln CU, S doubLe 'halr, .nd 1 p~a . Truly I Nje.t lc MOUntlin . 
Your p¥k ... will J " <' 1OO411 • •••• utsoS!liOW SKI ('·I .UR 

~ r"r ~ nla:hu "".r. h 2L - 2S) I I In" SKI CkrST I.oor.r (l r t h w CtlAtl:.M1X C~D(J1 INJ1Jt'IS 
CI'I tn. bu. Ihkkallv . SLvtN nl'lilt. LrhkClng: (Mlrch 21) - 10) n t np CKATfAU)( C<»ttxl"lINlUMS 
~n tllP .Ill' IJ~k'le . iOtii""tne 100 ••• ml ('OndOll'tnlu .... rt! within 'UI)' ",.Ucinl alltlnce 
uf tn" U{t • • M..-xirourn O("coup"n ,y on .11 iI~cO"'od.tlon •• 

!:.!l!.l.!!..1!...!.! I r live ·J .. YI, 1(1)011 on ;t1.1 J., 11 tie, .tt Cr ellted lutU. 
~~ ot'I If ... ~ will bp "'lit the Crl-yht)Ut\d Bu. Ctwpany . kefr •• ~nt. 

,.qlvtIIllJ for the trip . Ttlt' AIR I'Ai\':N,r .. III lndudl rwn\! tr ip ('Gk' i'I .Irhr. Lo. 
'I ... h •. WII111,on Loa "~. I u on Ilnl t ed ~nd Ir'Allier AJr Lin ... Tran.flra tG/ frCW'l 
rlw .,rp.>n .l'Id (.rv, t -.1 lun ...... In< ludlld . 

!£!!..ll!.L.:. ..... WjU, & (tto. ... 1' p .. rly , WJIlII:.ol>tIt.t,,'le k.I,: ••••• r Sla lUlfl . dl.<:-ount GIl " NASTA. 
r~," ,.uti th. rl'1I1 .,ro1nt' ~ b .. r. In f r lL'"ed IIJtte ' f'. pJ.nnl~ specl.l 
tytnt' .. "d dlnn~· r lll. 

~ ,'fII !IN.t. .. ... ..4.i) u nn. Si!J.OO (Prep.~nr nquired "'ith pureh ••• af" trJp) 

!tl!1..~ 1{~u,l):w·1t "'r~ '111 
Sat..I-dJl Y. /1'1;11' 1'1.0/0 • ••• •••••• •••••• • • lAavt' t r Ul'l vhOClI . If'praJUftl tely 5 :00 p.l'II. 
SUn' 1'1 . M·1r· h.o/I ••••• • •••••••••• • • Arrive In Cre. t.d Bu t te • •• ,.11' aft.rnoon. 
Mone ll' ... rI'J{lIY . "ill' tl U - 26 .... ,. ~I 
frit I~. "' I" h 16 •• ,... .. ........ . . l.e.Y't li tter ,klint • • ppr6~ 1111.tely 6:00 p. I'\ , 
8I1w·,J 1 "'. rd, 27 •••••• • • • ••••••• • • Arriv. back I l .hool , .Irly .fl ernoon . 

!.tL. ... \! ... "',or ..... m . .. ,., . .. I ••• • • ••• 

SUn .... y - rrld.,., Mlrch :H - 2ft •. . ••.• 

fly 1,.0. "flJI.L •• to Gunnison on United a llt02 and 
rl"Jfltll'lr . "11". I.e." L.ol •• irpart at fI:JO •• "' • • 
rrlylng In C .... tl"d lulU' by r-.. ! SI.' • 

S.turdolYo H.l" h 27 ••.•••• . •..•.• •••• l1y Gunn"M I a Loa "",de. on fru\t leI' 111111 and 
United .1LtOl. lAne Cunnhon It II S9 •••• , 

~ rrl y1f't1 I n [.0, "'""vl ••• t 1l : 1W • •• • 

:m:wr..';'"'~ :; ~:':;:,~ ~~'~!i! ~;;:.:.! :::;~ I 
10 MSdJtlonal infa .... t lon _'" bv obulned by ('. lIlnI111\1 
Ga.tAT N1.u'IC/o)1 TCl;1t C()oIPN«, 11'4' Wl1,hj rl llYl1 •• Le •• 
A,.., •• , CatHornh "fo2!t f2U) 41t1_UIl" /1t7ll _ Jill!, 

T""f"l~on .. 1+ .t", • .wfllo"'tn' 
P.d .... prl • • I, .ubJ~ t l a e h..,.. nd doe. not ino lu". rood. 
t. b •• e d ,)n tht.. ,urr.nt t .. dlr tnd J. )tubJ~t to (·hoJ r>II'" 
• Lift t'lc:k.h on .Ir ,",,,,t.:av.e .r .... Ij,j ~ out or (, eLly •• 

S, ... BM·II~IIO =oJ 

t rt. ... tlllll'H 

team is determined in each class, 
and at the season's end all teams 
compete in a league tournament 
which has no bearing on the team 
standings. 

Probably the strongest team in 
the league is San Diego State 
University, which sends its B team 
to compete in this league and its A 
team to the NCAA competition. . 

In 1975 competition UCSD 
finished in one of the lower 
positions. " We had, in my mind, 
one of the best teams. But we were 
consistently hurt by losing people 
to labs or studying which seem to 
take priority over sports at this 
school," noted coach Mattson. 

The UCSD team, ca rrying 22 
players, seven of whom are 
returnees, should have no trouble 
with depth this year. Coac h 
Mattson was hopeful that the 
players would be a little more 
dependable than last year. 

All league matches will be the 
best of nine, six singles and three 
doubles. Players are able to play in 
one or two events, and Coach 
Mattson is hoping to playas many 
people as possible. She notes, " I'd 
like to take 10 or 12 players to every 
match if I thought we could still be 
strong." 

Playing in the top three positions 
for the Tritons will be Eve Collins, 
Kim Hom and Janet Taylor. 
Collins, a resident of San Diego has 
earned a ranking in the San Diego 
junior competition and according 
to Coach Mattson, "could be one of 
the strongest in the league. She has 
a very polished all court game." 

Hom has also been ranked in the 
area and Taylor, having played in 
the 3rd or 4th spot last year, should 
be very strong again this year. 

Doubles teams have not yet been 
decided . Mattson, hoping to tryout 
different combinations last week 
was hindered by the rain . " Doubles 
are always important and are often 
under-rated. or course all of the 
matches count, but when you get 
into a close match situation it often 
comes down to the doubles mat-
ches as the deciding factor, " noted 
Mattson. 

Rain called for the postponement 
of the team's first match which 
was scheduled for Feb. 10 against 
San Diego State. 

The team now looks to open its 
season with an away match with 
Palomar tomorrow. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

Wedaelday, February 11, 1t'7t 
Ci _ 

'sports notebook 
by dave ~isen 

Ski Time 
According to the ads, you can ski 

Heavenly for $79.90. 
The ads, which have sprung up 

everywhere, aren't lying. It seems 
that ~ University Residents Ski 
Association, one of two ski clubs at 
UC San Diego, is sponsoring a trip 
to Heavenly Valley during the 
quarter break, March 21-26. 

The price includes the all day lift 
tickets, lodging, a welcome party, 
dances, and the greatest necessity, 
a wine and cheese party. Car 
pools to get you to Heavenly are 
now being arranged. 

Last year, for the same trip, 130 
people went along, and heads of the 
club called it "a great success." 
The area, which covers parts of 
California and Nevada, includes 20 
lifts. It's big. 

Reliable sources advise that the 
hotel is five minutes from the lifts, 
shuttle buses will be available, and 
a whole set of equipment can be 
rented at Heavenly for $22.50 for 
the entire week. 

Coach Tad 

Deadline for sign-ups is Friday , at the student Center. Information can 
be gotten by calling 755-8358 ... 

As of Friday, 1M Czar Mike Hipp was being besieged by more ticket 
requests for tomorrow night, than he had tickets. 

It appeared that the whole world wanted to go to Pauley Pavilion, 
where UCSD's JV's meet UCLA's JV's at 5:30, before UCLA battles 
Oregon State in the varsity match. 

There is now no doubt that tomorrow night, the Triton JV's will see 
their biggest crowd of the season, and some of the people will even be 
rooting for UCSD ... 

It was the Tritons most lethargic home showing of the season, as UCSD 
was topped, 63-57, by Azusa Pacific Saturday night. 

When guard Ken Melvin wasn't in the sta rting line-up, a local 
basketball expert was heard to say, "UCSD is in trouble tonight." They 
were, but it wasn' t due to Melvin's not starting. 

Mallory Mitchell, scoring 14 of the Triton's30 first half points, was able 
to hold the team toge ther for 20 minutes , but even he was stifled in the 
second half . 

Azusa, needing a win desperately, was simply more fired up for the 
game, evidenced by the coaches and subs spending more time on their 
feet than on the bench. 

The loss put the Tritons in a difficult position. They will have to hope 
that someone else beats Azusa, in order to give UCSD a shot at the play-
offs ... 

Coach Tad Yamaguchi has put together another strong men 's tennis 
team for 1976. 

The Tritons destroyed USlU 9-0 Friday, in a match in which USIU 
failed to get even one set in the nine best-of-three set matches. UCSD's 
top four singles players, Jon Gerdsell, Mark Miller, Jonathan Brindle, 
and Russ Carlson, gave up just four games in eight sets. 

In a busy week, the tennis team meets Drake today , both Chapman and 
Cal State Northridge Friday, and Cal State Bakersfield Saturday, in a 1 
pm match at the Muir courts ... 

There is some sports action scheduled for UCSD nearly every day this 
n*. . 

At home, today there is womens basketball at4 :30 in the main gym, and 
men's volleyball at 8 pm in the main gym ... Friday's schedule has men's 

Allention Sociology Majors : swimming at 4 pm, women's basketball at 4:30, and men's volleyball at8 
There is an undergraduate colfee pm. 
hour today from 10-1 2 in HSS 7076 . Saturday, men's swimming will be at 3 pm, fencing at 1 pm in the main 
Spring quarter course descriptions gym, and men's rugby at 2 pm on Muir field .. . 
and reading lists will be ava ilable. ,Continued on Page 12 

• • .. • .. • • • • • .. • • • • •• • - - • - ••• - ••••• - •• ~. - - ••• • _ •• - - - • - • • . ... .... ... - ....... . . .: •••• •••••••• ~Jj • .,. .... ............. , :,;;;:;:;:;:::;z~;::~:::;~~!:::~:::~:::!~~:!:!:!b!.! ... ••••• ••• ' .... :.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: ••• :.:.:.:.:.:.;-;.:.:.:.:.:.:-:-:.: ........... , ................ -•.• ~ •.• ~ .;.~.-•.•.•.•.•.• ::: 
,', .:. h y ~ ~ h Y ~ ~ 
h ~ h Y 
:!: :::' 
II. 'l, 
.:. ',', I. ~ :!: ~;:;:;:;(.!;:;:;::::::::::::!:::::::::!:::.:::.:~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:~~ ::~ 

~: ~-: :.:. :::: 

III !ll Care to !lll i~ 
N h ~ ~ 
:::: ,':' ',', ::~ ll~ ll.l Je 0 -. nus 1 ~,~.~1. ~ :::: ::~ ::~ !:: • ~:: ::~ ~ I * ~ 
:::: 1:.·1" apply now for the :.:1._: :~ ~ ~ ~ , ~ I 
.:.: ~~ Student Reg nt ::: :::: ~ ~.~. :-~.' ~ » , 
:!:: ~~: position :~: :~.: 
,t,' .',' ',' , 
9 N Y 8 :~l :l~ DEADLINE FE~ . 20 111 :~ I • I t 
.••• ::::;:.:;:;:;:;:;:.:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:t:'".:-;:;:;:~. . ~: ;:;:;;:::::::;~ :;: , , 
:.,: ~ 
N ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ :.:. ::: 
;::: All currently en.olled .tudent •. who will Itlend I UC ClmPliI ntxt yee, . ore encourged to apply . Tim. commitment I nd ,-,10' tn ~ 
:::; slatewid. Unive,sity ros ues ofleetlng s tudents wilt be • milo' crfltrlon , ThH. ISI\I_ Inctud • • but ... nOl Itmlted to . "nMdlt lid. § 
:::: instructlon,llmproVtlment . student •• ,.,icel. "" Irmlti .. ,elion Ind tegl sllUon Ind/or compus regutlU"", concerning student rig"". J 
'-:. 
111 Applications are now being taken in Student Organizations 

~1 Office 2nd floor North Student Center 
.-. :::~:.:~:!:~:~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:-»:.:.:-:-:<.:.:..w.«-:--.. : .. ..:~~!::::::::~:~:==~::::::>.:~~~~:·m:-:·>:«-»:««·:~:« 

Wed.lday, Febnary 11, lJ7. 

UCSD's men's volleyball team, shown here in net action 
against UC Irvine, continues its season tonight in the main 
gym. The Tritons will meet Cal Poly Pomona, in a battle 
scheduled for 8 pm. UCSD will be home again Friday night, 
going against Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. (TT Photo : Nathan 
Meyers) 

ANHEUSER· BUSCH. I . ' ST. lOUIS 

elE I UP 
aWlltlOOO! 

April' 5-9, Budweiser and ABC Radio will 
again sponsor National College Pitch In! 
Week. 

THE RULES ARE SIMPLE: Organize 
a community improvement activity during 
the week of April 5-9, document what you 
accomplish, and send it to Pitch In! 

THE REWARDS ARE GREAT : You get 
a cleaner community and, if you win, a 
$1000 or $500 cash award! Any number of 
groups per campus may enter_ 

FOR MORE INFORMATION: Contact 
your Dean of Student Activities or write 
Pitch In! Week, Dept. C, c/o ABC Radio, 
1330 Avenue of the Americas, New York, 
N.Y. 10019_ 

PITCH INI FOR AMERICA'S 200TH BIRTHDAY. 
ENTER NATIONAL COLLEGE PITCH INI WEEK TODAY. 

• rI.on 111J1(~ Page sevea 

ofFENSivE AWSDO; Quite 
Rewarding Scott Sadil 

It is 8:52 ;n the morning. Sunday. The air is cool 
and the grass is damp. Gary Koch tees up his golf 
ball and addresses it with his driver. He takes a 
strong swing and sends the ball 275 yards down the 
left side of the fairway, just missing a sand-trap. 
Koch's wife, an elderly couple, a middle-aged woman 
in green with a new permanent and saucer-sized 
sunglasses mixed into her hair, and I, politely a~ 
plaud. Gary hands the driver to his caddy and walks 
after his ball. We follow. 

For J .C. Snead the Andy Williams San Diego Open 
golf tournament was a very rewarding event. $36,000 
worth. And at least a dozen other golfers earned 
more than enoug!l money to feed the wife , kids, cat, 
car, house, and Master Charge for the next month. 
Eight players who fi nished Sunday left empty handed 
and another fifty were told to leave Friday night 
,because the last 36 holes of golf that they played were 
not as good as eighty,other golfers' . 

Koch is paired with two notable veteran golfers . 
Bobby Nichols and Gay Brewer have each won some 
of the major tournaments on the PGA tour. Koch's 
last win was the Gainesville Amateur Open in 1974, a 
year before he qualified for the pro tour. After three 
rounds in the AWSDO he is tied with Nichols and 
Brewer and seven other golfers for 45th place. These 
three are starting on the back nine holes of the Torrey 
Pines course because they are not in contention for 
the lead. 

I am foll~wing Gary on his final round because he is 
not a sta r. Besides, unlike most golfers, he wears 
cords and his hair covers his ears and he smiled at me 
the day before when I knocked a typewriter off of a 
ta ble in the press room. 

I did not ask Mrs. Koch why she was watching her 
"'husband, but the elderly couple said that they had 
come to see ~ichols and Brewer. I walked past the 
woman in green without speaking to her because she 
looked into her purse when I made my approach. I 
began referring to her as Mrs. X.:. 

Before I found out that my press badge did not 
grant" me permission to enter the press room, I 
watched Jack Whittaker drink two Coors as he talked 
with Vin Scully before they went to the CBS tower to 
broadcast the tournament. Jack did not offer me a 
beer even though I told Scully that I am a Dodger 
fan and I listen to him on the radio. 

Koch does not make a putt over two feet for the first 
nine holes . The other parts of his game are sound, but 
it takes good putting to score well as a professional 
golfer . Still, he only curses out loud twice and slams 
his putter into his golf bag but once . 

Koch hits a splendid six-iron approach shot to 
within ten feet of the flag. I yell to him, " Make a putt 
now, Gary !" He turns away and pretends to watch a 
hang glider fly by. 

fn£.u.nt : . 

Brewer sends a drive into the trees . Mrs. X laughs 
and says, "That's the kind of shot I always hit. Let's 
see him get out of this one. Ha ha !" Brewer's next 
shot hits a tree. Giggle. Tee-hee. He bogeys the hole. 
Smile. 

I begin to wonder about this woman. 

My first interview with a PGA golfer. (That looks 
like somebody ! Oh yeah, that's Jim Colbert. He 
probably won't mind talking to me.) 

SS: What did you shoottoday, Jim? 
Colber: 67 . I'm seven under. 
SS: Oh. Ub, thanks. 
On some holes there are as many as one hundred 

spectators watching Koch's three-some. This occurs 
when the group is playing parts of the course in the 
vicinity of the competing leaders. No one ever says 
" Hey, there's Gary Koch ." But his playing partners 
are always recognized. 

("Gary Koch is a no-name of golf," I write in my 
notebook. "He's like baseball's Hector Cruz. Like 
basketball's Ed Oleynick. The William Harrison of 
golf.") 

Gary finally makes a putt over five feet. It is a 
birdie. There are now six spectators watching 
because Mrs. Gay Brewer and her daughter have 
joined the group. We applaud. Koch smiles and 
shakes his head and jokes with his caddy. 

On the next hole Mrs. X points with a deep purple, 
inch-long fingernail across the fairway and says to all 
of us, "Shall we zip across here?" Who is this 
woman? Wezip. 

Everybody on the golf course oohed and aahed 
when the hang gliders started flying above the cliffs. 
And "The Blimp!" they exclaimed when the 
Goodyear ad sailed overhead. But few people said 
anything when an airplane flew by pulling a baMer 
that read "City Hall Anti-Labor Anti-People." 

Koch bogeys his twelfth hole. But he comes right 
back and rolls in three successive ten-foot-plus birdie 
putts. Having walked over four miles with a guy my 
own age who has a wife and thinks that golf is a good 
way to make a living and still does not smoke 
cigarettes, I have to cheer . 

" Atta boy, Gary!" I cry out. 
Koch looks at me, smiles, and gives me a slight 

wave of his hand. 
Mrs. X looks at me, smiles, and gives me a slight 

wave of her bracelet-laden hand. Why ? 
Koch 's birdie spree raises him up into a tie for 31st 

place. He wins $1,042, before taxes. This is his best 
finish so far this season. Last year he won just over 
$18,000, not enough to meet his touring expenses. 

I ask Koch if he is happy with his performance for 
the week. "r made the cut so I don't have to qualify 
for the L.A. Open next week," he says. " And I made 
more mon .. y than I had to spend. I can.:.t complain." 

Continued on Page 12 

world famous economist 

WALTER IIELlER 
speaking on 

"Political Economy of 
Recovery and Inflation" 

February 19, Thursday 
7:30 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
Free Admission 

3 



Davi 
in Kin 

\ 

Ribs Everyone 
s Revue 

by Alex BeoaeH 
StaHWrlter 

The Kinks appeared at Golden Hall last Wednesday night, performing 
their own Wlique brand of rock music. They gave a distinctly enjoyable 
concert, refre~hing in its lack of the decadent affectation so often found in 
today's rock groups. 

The Kinks have kept out of the mainstream since their inception in the 
early sixties, developing their own style and becoming a cult group. 
Altbough still remembered for their early hits, such as "Lola" and "In 
the Sununertime," they have fallen out of popular favor for their campy 
music. Deeper exposure to the Kinks, however, reveals.an intense and 
bitterly perceptive personal vision behind ·the rinky-dink little tunes, 
giving it all the more impact for its incongruous package. 

Ray Davies, the vocalist, is the leader of the gr~p. He w:ites, 
arranges and produces all their music. It is through hIS s~ge deliv~ry 
that the muskal vision achieves its strongest expressIon. DaVIes 
saunters up to the microphone as though he was drunk, taunting ~d 
flirting with the audience with his ludicrous gestures and unusual faCIal 
expressions. Beneath his clowning one senses that he is mocking both the 
audience and himself. 

Along with navies were the four other original Kin~s, including Da~es' 
brother Dave, who played great guitar. Also appearing .were other K10ks 
regulars : two saxes, a trombone and three female vocahsts. 

The Kinks opened the concert with several selections from two recent 
albums "Soap Opera" and " Preservation." Then they played some 
oldies : ' "You Really Got Me " " All of the Day and All of the Night," 
"Lola," and the beautiful title 'track from " Everybody 's in Showbiz," my 
favorite song of the concert. 

The highlight of the concert was the performance of .their new album, 
"Schoolboys In Disgrace." This conceptual album IS at once a sch-
maltzy, nostalgic look back to the good. old schoold.ays .. and a ~trong 
satirical comment on the repressive functIon of educatIon In our socIety. 

It tells the story of a mischievous schoolboy who gets a girl in trouble 
and is publicly flogged. Disgraced, he leaves school, bitter and hard. The 
Kinks told the story with a dazzling mixture of music, cinema, and 
theatre, reminiscent of Genesis and the-last Pink Floyd concert. 

The climax came with the song "Headmaster." Davies sang in a 
trembling, downtrodden voice " this is my confession," while looking up 
to the gruesome image of the headmaster on the screen above the stage. 
The music built, and Davies cried " I feel like an innocent victim, " as the 
headmaster loomed above, brandishing a cane. Davies departed and 
returned disguised as the headmaster. Gesturing at the audience, he 
sang in a stuffy, jerky voice " boys like you were born to waste - you're 
going to find out the hard way," and wildly rampaged about the stage, 
striking at people in the audience with his cane. Davies later returned as 
himself and concluded with " No More Looking Back." 

I was left struck by the characterizations Davies had created, that had 
such universal roots so deep in many hearts. 

nilS IS YOUR PROGRAMME: 
ONE YEAR..! 

APPLY TO 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

Registrat io n cards will be 
processed next week. Students 
may turn in their preferred 
program cords before the 
deSig nated dote for their level , but 
their cords woll not be processed 
un til that dote. Cords f i led after 
4'30 pm Friday, February 27 will be 
sublect to 0 $10 late fee. 

• rIM ... 10Il'S Wedaelday, Februry 11,1171 
Charismatic Bowie Runs Through 
His Changes At Sports Arel!a 

He was attired in a white dress difficult challenjle. The opening Ar,nericans" LP out of the reper-
shirt, a black vest and black numbers were an unquestioned tOlre . ., . 
trousers. His makeup was very success judging from the BOWIe ~ commanding stage 
simple and tastefully done. The tumultuous response by the presence IS invaluable to him as a 
orange hair was cut so there was audience. Now he had to convey his ~rformer. The style and grace of 
no alternative but to fall in his new material to the crowd, most of his mo~ements ca.n surely have no 
e es, iving him many op- it coming from the new LP equal m ~e musI~ world. He. ap-

y rtunitfes to brush it back with his "Station to Station" ("TVC 15," peared fehne . at !Imes and, aIded 
f:nds. "Word On A Wing," "Wild Is The by excellent I!ghtmg effects .. could 

"Hello, I'm David Bowie. Do we Wind," "Stay".) The only number also look .f~mmine. ImpresSIve too, 

Bowie snuggles up to a fan 
(TT photo: Nathan Meyers) 
have any bisexuals in the 
audience?" That was just about 
the extent of his conversation with 
the audience Friday night at the 
Sports Arena. Idle talk was totally 
unnecessary and would only have 
served as a diversion. 

To say that the concert was a 
success would be more than a mild 
understatement. Indeed, the effect 
of the performance was a near-
deification of Bowie. The e n-
thusiastic r esponse accorded 
Bowie must have been especially 
satisfying to him, given his new 
Sinatra-type image and the new 
musical directions. 

After opening the show with a 
screening of Salvador Dali-Luis 
Bunuel's surrealistic film " Un 
Chien Andalou," Bowie appeared 
on stage to the driving beat of 
"Station to Station," the title tune 
from his new album. The audience 
ba rely had time to respond before 
Bowie and the boys in the band 
plungea into "Suffragette City" 
followed immediately by "Fame," 
two of his biggest hits. 

At this juncture of the per-
formance, Bowie faced his most 

not performed from the new album was BoWIe s matured voice. 
was the hit single.uGolden Years" Bowie's new band (Carlos 
and its absence was not that Alomar on guitar, Stacy lfeydon on 
noticeable. Easily the most ex- guitar, Dennis Davis on drums, 
citing of the new pieces was Tony ~aye on keyboards and 
"Stay," which provided the band George Murray on bass) played 
with an excellent opportunity to competently but rarely dazzled. 
jam. Indeed, it was almost sur- The departure of lead guitarist 
prislng at how well the new Earl Slick did not ~o anything . to 
material was received. enhance the BOWIe tour. Stili, 

. . Bowie obviously enjoyed working 
To p.revent ~n!, lag 10 aU~lence with his band. During the in-
ent~us~~sm .Bowle la~~~ed mto a strumental passages Bowie would 
torrId Pamc ~n DeU:0lt and took stand aside and root his band on. 
the concert to.'ts zeruth. It was th~ Indeed, he appeared to be enjoying 
most pe~ectly. ex~uted number? the concert as much as anyone in 
the evenmg, hlghhghted by Denms th di ce 
D . , f' d I Bo I'e's e au en . aVIs me . rum s~ o. w" Bowie has certainly solidified his 
clOSIng pIeces (Changes, f . , . 
"D' d Do " " R bel R bel " stature as one 0 musIc s genwne lamon gs, e e, 0 I d . 
" J G''' ) ld t help but supertalents. ne can on y a nure 

ean ent~ co~ no his constant search for new 
generate an mcredlble response. musical directions and his disdain 

One of the few disappointments for rock music's stagnation. On top 
of the performance was its short 9f everything, Bowie has that 
length ; only 90 minutes. Another certain mystique about him that 
hour of his older material could generates interest, something 
have enhanced the concert even Elton John never had or could 
further. Surprisingly, except for have. Bowie remains rock's most 
" Fame," Bowie left his "Young charismatic figure. 

San Diego Repertory Presents 
Chekov's "The Lesson" 

A Chekovian farce, "The Anniversary", and Eugene Ionesco's comedy, 
"The Lesson", play together at the Mandeville Recital Hall February 20 
and 21 at 8 p.m. The two one-act plays are directed by UCSD's John 
Ovrutsky and Frank Condon, guest directors for the San Diego Reper-
tory, a local professional theater company . . . . 

Condon has long wanted to direct "The Lesson", havmg an afCtntty for 
lonesco's sense of the absurd. In open auditions held last month he chose 
the Repertory's David Glenn Beatty to play the professor whose young 
student (Carol Davis) becomes his victim until he is once again reassured 
by his maid (Barbara Wilson) . Ovrutsky chose " The Anniversary" 
hecause of the classical humor of its Russian playwrite . The Repertory's 
Spike Sorrentino plays the chairman of a bank on the day a resolute 
woman (Molly Mayor) shatters its reputation with the help of ~he 
chairman's talkative wife (Deborah st. Clair) and the woman-hating 
bookkeeper (Gerry Edwards). 

The San Diego Repertory company, originally known as Indian 
Magique the troupe has performed throughout California. The Reper-
tory rec~ntly performed the West Coast premiere of Bertolt Brecht's 
"The Duchess of Malfl" under the direction of UCSD's Michael Addison. 

'Currently they are performing " The Night Thoreau Spent in Jail" and 
" Tag", an original comedy, throughout the county. 

· .................................. , ............................... -----....... -----.... 

CampUA.. :Fwg'Lam 

"The 
Conversation" 
with Gene Hackman 
directed by Francis Ford Coppola 
USB 2722 7:30 and 10:00 pm 

. •..•.. .. ...... ... . .•.•.•..•••... .............•..•.•.••••••.••.•••......................••••..•••..•• Art Students 
15 % Discount. 

· " 

· 
· 

V1 
o 
r-
Cl 
o 
Z 
r-
-< 
> 
-I 

UDay For 
Night" 

directed by Francois Truffaut 

Mandeville Aud. 7:30 and 10:00 pm 

STUDENT CENTER BOX OFFICE 
.. _----------------_ ... ............................ , ................. . 

Special for art students, 
15 % discount on art supplies 
during the month of February 
at all FRAZEE PAINT stores. 

FRAZEE PAINTS 
... the paint people 

wedaetday. Feilnary II,"" Pagea. 

Janis Ian Warms Up the Hall THE THRILL 
I~ a by Daniel Sbawler 

Arts Editor 
Janis Ian proved to be as cap-

tivating live last Friday ni~t at 
the UC San Diego gym as she IS on 
disc . The audience warmed to the 
emotion of Ian's heart-felt ballads 
such as " Jessie," and " In the 
Winter." 

After starting her set with 
"When the Party's Over," Ian 
moved through songs from 
" Between the Lines" and 
"Aftertones." Each new song was 
greeted with a burst of recognizant 
applause. 

The concert was not just a live 
rendition of Ian's albums, though. 
She displayed an extra quality of 
emotion that could only be felt in a 
live ~tmosphere and that tran-
scended the music, producing a I 
much greater effect. 

The audience c.'ould sense this, 
and they responded appreciatively 

after each number. The largest 
applause was saved for Ian's 
concluding piece, a beautiful an-
them explaining the workings of a 
musicians mind. 

Uhfortunately, Ian's band was 
not fully supportive of her music. 
Claire Bay, her backup singer, was 
the only adequate musician among 
the group. The poor quality of the 
band's performance detracted 
from the overall effect of the 
concert. Stu Woods was too pon-
derous on bass and Barry 
Lazarowitz was too aggressive on 
the drums, but the worst per-

former of the night was guitarist 
Jeff Layton. Not only were his 
country-western licks exceedingly 
poor and boring, but they were 
counter productive to the mood and 
style oflan. 

The lead-in act was songwriter 
Loudon Wainwright III , purveyor 
of the comic masterpiece "Junk 
Food Junkie." Wainwright 
displayed a striking contrast to Ian 
as he walked out on stage with 
guitar in one hand and can of Coors 
in the other. 

Although some of his songs 
bordered on the tasteless, Wain-
wright managed to keep his level of 
humor up throughout the set. 
Changing from political com-
mentary ("Whatever New York is, 
it is not boring") to love ("You said 
I came too early but it was you who 
came to late") to pure nonsense 
("Dead skunk in the middle of the 
road, stinking to high heaven"), he 
kept the audience wondering what 
was coming next. 

The highlight of Wa inwright's set 
was the three audience par-
ticipation songs. First, they were 
asked to sing "Ha ha ha, ho ho ho, 
chortle , cho~le, chortle, gufaw, 
gufaw, gufaw," Next, they were 
asked to sing " Get along little 
dogie." Finally, they were invited 
to sing the afor!!mentioned "Dead 
skunk." 

Much of Wainwright's humor 
was blatant and soplunoric, and he 
tended to bilk an already bare idea 
for too long ("Rufus is a Tit Man" 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

The Student Volunteer Program is 
now recruiting vo lunteers for the 
followi ng pro jects i n Son Diego : 1. 
Social odvocates for Youth , a 
p rogram sim i lor to the Bi g 
Brother/ Big Sister mod~l, needs 
students who are interested in 
worki ng w ith young people (5. 16 
years o ld ) on 0 one·to·one bosis . 2. 
The Clerk of the Boord of Super. 

visors Off ice, Son Diego County, 
needs assistance in 0 current 
projec t: m icrof ilmi ng , a ud iting and 
index ing offici al records. If you are 
interested in spend ing 3· 4 hour. 
s/ w eek in e i ther of these pro jects, 
si gn up at the Student 
Orgonizat ions Offi ce, second floor 
of the Student Center, or call X4617 
after 2 pm. 

r-----------__ ----~---------~-------

29 times /' Headed for northern 
a day. ,," California (or L.A., Burbank, Long Beach, 

_-" . Ontario)? Call your campus rer<> or PSA and 
- - - - - - - - - tell then} Y9u w'Int to buzz off. PSA gi~s you a lift. 

was an example of both ) but the set 
accomplished its predestined task, 
to warm the audience up for the 
more subtle Janis Ia n. 

La Barbara 
To Perform 
Circular Song 

" Voice is the original in-
strument", by Joan La Barbara, 
will be a concert of new vocal 
music, sponsored by the UC San 
Diego music department tomorrow 
night at 8 pm in the Mandeville 
Recital Hall. 

Joan La Barbara 
" Other than body language and 

physical gestures, voice was the 
first means of expression," La 
Barbara says. "Through various 
experiments I've been trying to 
rediscover this basic function of 
the vocal instrument. What I 
choose to focus on as a composer 
has to do with giving my voice its 
freedom, letting it lead me to new 
places. " 

The program, " Circular song," 
" Voice piece" and "Vocal ex-
tensions" are the result of Joan La 
Barbara's investigations. "Cir-
cular Song" is based on the 
technique of circular breathing as 
practiced by horn players. By 
vocalizing the inhale as well as the 
exhale, she has created a song of 
constant sound without breath. 

,.;' ~ \ IT ~L ~ \ 
~ \ 
'C I y STEv'l: ESMEUINA 

Good Cracker. .. Gooood Cracker 
More than a year after its initial release , Tobe Hooper's "The Texas 

Chain Saw Massacre" is being showered with the critical hosannas it 
deserved all along. With a movie of this sort, as with porno, all responses, 
exalted or repulsed,will serve the same purpose : cause people to smack 
their lips in different degrees of drooling anticipation. (God ! This sounds 
great! "/" Oh my god! This sounds gross ! ") . 

It has long been my contention that taste in horror films is the great 
divider. It messily dichotomizes the heart-thumping perverted and the 
head-shaking sensitive. 

Those who believe that subtlety and suspense are obligatory com-
ponents of good horror films generally fall into the latter category, and 
they will cite movies such as "Vertigo" and " Le Boucher.". Tho:>e who 
believe that special effects are all that makes a horror flick sing the 
praises of blockbusters like " The Birds," " The Exorcist" .and "J~~s." 
In my sloppy dichotomy, these films are for the head-shaking sensItIve: 
the ones who want to pretend that what they are getting off on is merely 
technical manipulation, and not the intense rush from being an eye-
witness to someone getting chopped into itsy-bitsy pieces, or tumbling 
head first ker-plunk, ker-plunk down five flights of stairs, or being turned 
into a half-sub ham-actor sandwich by a fish that is more intelligent than 
human beings. 

The heart-thumping perverted know exactly that the horror film 's 
special " beauty" is gore, guts, and grossness. Steven Spiel~rg un-
derstood that, and that's why " Jaws" is the most successful head-s haker. 
But despite all of Spielberg's sturdy efforts, he could not transcend Peter 
Benchley's fervent desire to evoke Melville, and thus add literary 
respectability to his blood bath. 

This is where Hooper's masterpiece sepa rates the kids from the oc-
togenarians. Horror films are almost exclusively designed for kids. 
Otherwise, why would all of the tastemakers like Pauline Kael and Rex 
Reed deliberate on whether or not to take the children when kids possess 
the freest, more unpretentious capacity for appreciating them. Publicity 
in perverse-reverse, maybe? 

Whatever, " Texas Chain Saw Massacre" has the bloody brilliance to 
stand up firmly alongside Bob Denve r 's " Flesh Eaters," George 
Romero's " Night Of The Uving Dead," and Ed Kelleher's " Invasion Of 
The Blood Farmers." 

Its gangrenous ingredients are numerous: the unprecedented 
humiliation of logie-hawking, barbecue slurping crackers ("Dey theenk 
ahm jest an ole main but ah seeze theengs"), and bulbous handicaps ; the 
beautifully original decor of chickens in pa rakeet cages, feathers and 
bones on the floor, and refrigerators full of fresh human prick chops; the 
mystifying stock transitions of floating moons and gaseow clouds; and 
the gorgeously gauzy green and pink porno color. 

But best of aHare the ways it isolates moments of dying : a young man 
squirniing like a pig after a poke on the noggin; a young woman gasping 
as she hangs from a meat hook, and doing the watusi as the door of the 
freezer she is being preserved in is opened and a blast of hot air hits her 
cold body ; the fat cripple being sawed-up, shrouded by grainy darkness; 
one of the killers squished into several pieces by a diesel truck; a nd the 
marvelous gash-in-the-Ieg ballet the chainsaw killer performs at the 
film's conclusion. 

GUIDE TO MONEY 
FOR HIGHER EDUCATION 
Guide to more than 250,000 Scholar hips and 
Financial Aid Source - items valued at over 
$500 million dollars. 
Contains the most up-to-date information on: 
Scholarships. grants. aids. fellowships, loans. work-. tudy pr grams. 
cooperative education programs, and summer job opportunities ; for 
study at colleges, vocational and technical schools. paraprofessional 
training, community or two-year college , graduate schools, and po t-
graduate study or research: funded on national. regional. and local 
levels by the federal government, states, citie , foundation , corpora-
tions, trade unions, profe ional a ociations, fraternal organizations, 
and minority organization , Money is available for both average as well 
as excellent studenlS. both with and without need. 

BENNETT PUBLISHING CO. 
Dept. 214. 102 Charles lreet. Boston. 1\10, S, 02114. 
Plea. c ru h mc _ cop i c~ of G IDE T MO EY FOR HIGH R ED 
TIO al 5 .95 plu 50c for pmtage a nd ha ndli ng for each copy. 
I ~m ' Ilclo'ing . (che k or monc~ order) . 
'-" .1 me 
Adddrc 
City 
!..i COPYI ighl I 'J7h Bennett PlIhlish ing o . 

SI:l!e Zip 

3 



Pale tea • riff" t. JII('S 
Mime Wenzel Is Silly But Fun 

If you've I to a rock concert 
and notiQe ~ a gentleman doing 
mime, juggl ,unicycling and 
polishing betlcl heads, chances are 
it was Mark Wenzel. He is a 
diversified entertainer who may be 
seen in n'lffierous locales, in-
cluding Balboa Park, the Sports 
Arena, Fashion Valley, and even 
UCSD. 

Wenzel worked with another 
local mime, Don McLeod, at the 
recent World's Fair in Spokane. 
His career also leads him to 
nightclubs and renaissance fairs. 
When he is not employed by an 
organization (KPRI radio, Sea 
World, etc.) Wenzel is busy passing 
the hat. He said it is not unlikely for 
a perfonner to make fifty or sixty 
dollars on a good day in Balboa 
Park by passing the hat. Like any 
other facet of show business, 
Wenzel's career has lean periods to 
compliment the good times. 

But he says of his trade, " It's 
silly but it's fun ." With this in 

mind, the Triton Times sent Tim 
Mackenzie to interview Wenzel. 

Triton Times : How did you first 
become involved as a mime? 

Mark Wenzel: I'd been hanging 
around theaters since I was about 
eight years old and I went to the 
School of Perfonning Arts here in 
San Diego. I took acting classes, 
dance classes, all the things that 
you would imagine plus mime 
classes. I met with some other 
people in the class and we slarted 
doing shows. It worked into being a 
good medium for me. I then started 
working here in San Diego in the 
streets, Balboa Park, and the rock 
concerts. The rock concerts used to 
have festival seating and there 
would be a thousand people at each 
door. Thousands of people were 
there for hours. So I'd go and do 
some crazy things. 

IT: Tell us something about the 
technique involved in mime. 

Wenzel : It's like comparing Red 

" A long time ago I m ade up my mind that I'm making an ass 
of myself ." 

Skelton to Marcel Marceau or 
Charlie Chaplin to Marcel Mar-
ceau. Skelton and Chaplin are 
excellent pantomimes. The faces, 
the emotion that would come 
through was extraordinary. But if 
you've seen Marceau there is 
teclv1ique. In fact, he divides the 
show haH into technique pieces and 
half into bit mimes. The most 
familiar technique piece is the 
cage or glass wall. That's 
something you'd never see Skelton 
do. But all mimes that have studied 
for at least two years do it. 
11: How much practice does it 
take and do you spend a lot of time 
developing new routines? 

Wenzel: Well actually I work 
more with my sense of im-
provisation. I've reached a point 
where I can imitate any real life 
action. A lot of practice has been 
done, if you know what I mean. A 
lot of times it's more thinking after 
I've done a show, saying "Aw gee, 
that was really good, I should 
remember to do that" or " Oh 
never do that again, ever." But I 
have that agility to improvise. 

IT: Does nervousness ever inhibit 
you befllre a snow? 

Wenzel: Well not really. I 
haven 't been inhibited for a long 
time. But a long time ago I made 
up my mind that I'm making an 
ass of myself and I realize it, and 
they're not going to do anything 
because I'm making them laugh. 
They enjoy it and I enjoy it. 
IT : Has there ever been a time 
when you've been doing your 
routine and people begin to really 
annoy you? 

Wenzel: Yes, there are times 
when that happens. But you have to 
work with a crowd, make friends 
with them. You need to develop a 
sympathetic character. 
TT: Do you spend most of your 
time in the employ of shopping 
centers, Sea World, etc.? 

Wenzel : I spend a good amount 
of time employed. Not as much as 
I'd like to. But that's where I'm 
going to have to go pretty soon. If 
you' re passing the hat in the street 
when you' re forty years old people 
are going to think you're a wino . 
11: Do you like to travel? 

Wenzel : Yeah, I travel quite a 
bit. I still work with Don McLeod, 
but not as much as I used to. He's 
not working as much traveling 
around the country. For several 
years before I started working 
heavily in San Diego I traveled the 
country with Don McLeod, and we 
were all over the place. We were 
way up north, in Pittsburgh, in 
bizarre places like Rochester, New 
York . Crazy places. It's fun to 

Wed __ y, Febnaary 18, 1971 

"I walk around and make faces at people and they give m e 
some money and I take it home and pay some bills ." (Photo 
by Sharon Roberts) 

travel. It's comfortable to be in one 
place, though. 

TT: Do you like being your own 
boss? 

Wenzel: Yeah, that's fun . A lot of 
times I like working by myself. It's 
hard when you're improvising in 
the street, you' re so busy watching 
the people. It's so complicated all 
by ' yourself that if I were trying to 
pull someone else into it I'd just get 
lost. 

TT: Have you ever had any second 
thoughts about your career? 

Wenzel : Well, it 's a crazy 
business. Sometimes it starts to 
dri ve me nuts, it really does. There 
are times when I just sit around the 
house just saying " What am I 
doing ?" You know, it doesn't make 
any sense . I walk around and make 
fa ces at people and they give me 
some money and I take it home and 
pay some bills. I'm 25 years old. 
My brother was a lawyer, a real 

lawyer with clients by the time he 
was my age. Another brother 25 
years old had a wife, two children 
and owned his own business. Here I 
am still running around riding 
unicycles and wearing funny 
clothes. It's one of those things 
where I've paid the rent this 
month, so I ' ll try it some more. 
That's really where it's at. It's not 
something I'd encourage 
everybody to go out and do. Right 
now it's good, it's fun, it's a good 
medium for me. I'm very ex-
pressive in this medium. But I'm 
into acting. I work with an acting 
company here in San Diego. I'm a 
pretty good actor. But I'm making 
a name, that's what's important. 

TT : Do you have higher 
aspirations in show business? 

Wenzel: Sure. But aspirations to 
be a Paul Newman or a Robert 
Redford is not me. I'm not the 
leading man type. I'm not suave 
and debonair. 

T RiYON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Rules and Rales 

Classlfleds should eilher be prinled or typed on a 3" x 5" card (avai lable 
In Tnlon Times oll ice) . They may be submltled anytime between 9 and 
rY.lon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The fol lOWing rales are tor 100 spaces -- It you use more spaces. lhe rale 
.. ,II double (100 spaces .. 25 cents; 101 to 200 ·- 50 cenl s). 

Person als -- S I 
Losl and Found -- tree 
Other ads. sludenlS" 25 cents 

~onstudenls _. $1 
Deadlines 4 pm Fri day for Monday: 4 pm Monday tor Wednesday, 4 pm 

\/ednesday for Friday 
Ar,MunOOmc"ls' ...... All announcements will run in the Monday 

lllendar Deadline fOf ca lendClc 4 pm ~rtOay , 
( I additions or correcl lons 10 listings in the Schedule of Classes for 

rJQ lar University course. will be charged SI ). 

Sony sle' .""akers . lurnlable. AM-FM 
receiver cos $500 neN askln!! S375 · <l52.Q668 
Ask for Teo (2/18) 
TYPEWRITER. Royal Medallion. Eleclrlc. 
excellenl COndlllon Gina - 454-4359 (2/ I 8) 
9'6 ·' SURFBOARD exc rond S20 Mike x 2523 
(2118) 
SON (lC·20 Car casette player axc 560 Mike 
.2523 (2118) 

70 FD Gare. 10 ml All Power 755·3709 1.050 
(21 18) 

VESPA Cf AO modef for sale 10 good home 
only 4 mo old only $325 al ready Ilsc. Call Eric 
274-4894 (2118) 

TRAVEl 
Drtvers and Riders 59ve money Shara ex-
penses calf Traveler. Aid Travelboard 232. 
1991 Free SeNice (2118) 

WANTEd 
Used surf ~qulpmenl wanled Buy Of sell 
used surf Sluff al Dave 's Resal Surf ~07 N 
Hwy 101 S I} 1'1.1·5848 11-6 (212 ) 

Need exira cash? Buying old U S. co ins. Also 
buying U.S s,lver coins minlOO before 1965. 
Ken . 453·7924 . (3 /1 2) 

lOST & FOUNd 
Losl pair of glasses In USB 2622 on Mon. 
2/8. II found please relurn them 10 Triton 
TlmesOffice (2/18) 
Whoever look my shirl from Ihe Muir lenni. 
court fence on Ffl morning Please turn In at 
leastthe keys 10 Ihe T.T. (2/18) 
LOST 2/1 0 Cr 107 or "S" Muir fOI gold choker 
necklace, 3 heart s wlroses . Senti menial 
value only! JG 453-7866 (21 20) 

ItOUSiNG 
FE MA LE roommale wanled 10 snare 2 BR Def 
Mar duplex me Nice. partly furnIshed, 1 'h 
bI 10 beac.h qUlel with yard S112. Andr 
755-922t (2/ I 8) 
Own room ,n 2 Br api In Clalramonl , quiet. 
non· smoker uti fnc . Call Jonn 560·5627 
.fler 4 pm $1 15 (2/ 18) 
FEMA LE ROO MMATE WANTED. Small 
house In La Jolla sao a monlh Call454 ·1618 
~ fter6 p on 12,20l 

ROOMATE WANTED to share townhouse 3 
ml trom UCSD 951mo. & utlf ltles Call 
evemngs 453-7367 (2/20) 

• SERVICES 
French or flallan lessons by French girl. 
(Nati ve language). Call Mijo 452- t 991 . (2118 
Typing . Marilyn woufd like to type your 
paper, theSiS. book. She Is experienced . fasl. 
reasonable and has a correcting IBM. Please 
ca ll her al 565-7000. (2120) 
Caplure Ihe Iradewlnds by learning how to 
sa,l lessons S1QOO. Class slart s 2/21 . Call 
eves 274·2564. (2118) 

PERSONAls 
Wendy You are lhe ray of IIgh l tnru the fog ot 
gloom Wilhoul you life would be unbearably 
dull ' 

Wa ling Tall · you boron . hope you had a 
Primo trip on your Bizar re B~day LalfH ~ Your 
hf'Alherly he th (2 11 8) 
And ,I YOy care nd dont lei them know. 
Ihey 'lI I urn and walk away (21 18) 
Peler Joseph Dlcdrlkh • I w,Sh lhal I we.& 
"" ul lful Or lhal you w r h Itw y blind And 
I WIsh I woren·1 so doggone f. l . I ',"Sh Ih I 
yovwerpm, I (2 i I8) . 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

MCAT Preporatio,l Course w ill 
meel every Wedne sday from 5-6 
pm, in the Basic Sc ience Build ing, 
room 2100. Anyone planning to 
toke th is c ourse is invited to por ' 
licipote . For more information call 
452-4253. 

Applicot ions and supporting 
d ocuments require d to apply for 

sc ~olarships for the 1976-77 
academic year w i ll be accepted by 
the Student Financ ial Serv Ices 
Office u nli l 4 pm , Tuesday, 
Februa ry 24. Appl icat ions for 
f inancia l a id f o r the )976-77 
academ ic year w il l continue to be 
a ccepte d a nd will be priOritized for 
fund ing considerati on by dole of 
applicat ion The lo s t day to apply 
for f inancial aid for spring quarter, 
1976 Is April 2. For further In· 
formatIon , please contact op-
proproa te co llege section of the 
Siudent FinanClol Services OffiCe. 

WcdDesday, February 18, lJ71 

Militarism •• 
hearing Gen. Westmoreland ex-
plain in earnest that Oriental 
people don't place a high value on 
life like westerners do, I knew 
something was amiss. Ustenlng to 
Presidents JohMon and Nixon 
explain that our Viet Nam effort 
needed another 200,000 soldiers and 
that our goal in Viet Nam was one 
of lasting peace gave me the 
realization that Messrs. Johnson, 
Nixon, Rostow, MacNamara, 
Dulles, et. al, simply weren't 
speaking about the same war that 
was before us on the screen. What 
war were they dealing with? 

I was in junior high and high 
school during the years which Viet 
Nam was an "issue." My contact 
with the war was through media 
sources such as Walter Cronkite's 
droning voice on the evening news, 
newspaper articles headlined ?:I 
KILLED IN FIGHTING NEAR 
mON MAl, ENEMY LOSSES IN 
HUNDREDS, moop LEVELS 
HIT NEW HIGH OF 591,000 and 
NEW RIOTING BREAKS OUT AT 
COLUMBIA, and through rather 
uninformed and idealistic 
classroom discussions down the 
line of, why are we fighting an 
unjust war? . 

In essence my view of things was 
this : we live in a normal world 
which has ilS normal good and its 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Food and cl oth ing dr ive for 

Guotemala : If you would like to 
do note conned f o od and/ or 
clolh ing (blonke ts, jackets, 
wholever), for the G uatemalan 
people who were affected by the 
earthquake , there ore boxes in th e 
Siudent Center, Thi rd W orld Stud ie s 
(410 MC). and CILAS (HL 1260 ). 
Dorlolions will be gi ven 10 the 
Solvotion Ar my in Son D iego; then 
Ihey w ill be airlifted to Son 
Francisco, and f rom there w i ll be 
flown to Guotemala . For further 
information , please call extension 
3968. 

Writ ing tutors for fall 1976: 
Interested students shou ld apply 
now for admisston to lit/ Gen 194, 
Ihe Teoch ing of Wr i t ing, to be 
la ught spr ing ' quar ter . Thi s is a 
orerequ isi fe for tulors, who must 
have a 3 .0 GPA; upperdiv ision 
sianding and writ ing ab i lity . Come 
10 Hl 1254 or call 452-2522 to apply 
and p ick up a course descripti on, 

Subject A requ ired : any un-
dergroduate for whom subject A is 
requi red a n d who is not currently 
enrolled in lit/ Eng 10, Com-
municat ion s 10 or Fou rth College 
10 shou ld enroll in lit/Eng )0 for 
spri ng quarter or see Adela 
Karliner in HL 1254 abo ut sa tisfying 
the requirement. 

WrI ting Course : Students who I 
have possed Subject A buf want to 
further improve the ir writing may • 
enro ll in lit / Eng 10 (2 units) spring I 
quarter. Work on your popers for I 
other courses or create your own ~ 
writing aSSignments. Special I 
sections: Creative Writing, Writing 
In Ihe Social SCiences, Writing 
about Ph i losophy, Writing about 
literat ure. Autob iographical 
Wr il ing , Women's Stud i es, 

Huma ni l i e~ , Writing about 
Propoganda & Media and V isionary 
W"IIng. Call 452-2522 or come to 
HL X 1254 for course description. 

Foreign students and those for 
whom English is a second language 
who are interested in improving 
the" wri ting skills are invited to 
enroll in a spec ial sect ion of lit/ Eng 
10. Come to HL 1254 or call 452-
2522. 

T· d 
ore of not meeting professors? 

FruslrOled Of the lock of student 
faculty interaction? Come to the 
facu lty-stud e nt lunches Tuesday 
~nd Thu rsday at 12:30 i n the 
H evelle Ca feteria So~th Dining 

all . Pro feSsors Bond and Ebbesan 
WIll appear respect ively th is week, 

VOIUnleers are neede d for the ~CAT Cours . Stude nts who took 
f e course lost yeor ond can ~~Iunteer fheir fime, ple a se contact 

"ley Cunningham X4253. 

normal bad, and the Viet Nam war 
is one of the normal bads. So why 
do college students think burning 
down their universities will stop 
the war? 

The politics of the Viet Nam war 
is still beyond me. I have an insight 
into the rioting, but still don't 
really understand. But the fury 
that caused the rioting of the 
SixUes is a lot clearer to me now. It 
was the result of students realizing 
the stark contrast between the 
governments misunderstanding of 
the war and the actuality of the 
war. Within myself, I feel this fury 
to be directed towards the brutality 
of war, but this soon develops into 
two distinct problems. 

First, righteous indignation 
makes a person feel human. It 
makes one dislike all war, and it 
ignites a strong conviction 'that the 
only way wars will ever stop is 
when individuals refuse to fight in 
them. But is this a transcending 
passion, this vehement revulsion at 
violence? Is simply ending wars an 
end in itself? Would most in-
dividuals get any kind of concrete 
satisfaction from being able to sit 
back and say, "Well, now there's 
no more war in the world?" 

Secondly, is the sentiment ex-
pressed in the statement, " What if 
they had a war and nobody came?" 

• rI.on .11nl'S 

Qf s uch lasting value "that one 
would be able to believe he was 
doing the 'right thing by refusing to 
fight in a war which was clearly 
against an aggressor, as was the 
case when Japan attacked Pearl 
Harbor? Assuming that the 
American role in Viet Nam was 
almost entirely imperialistic and 
not really a fight against Russian 
and Chinese imperialism (I don' t 
recall ever once during the war of 
having heard of a Russian or 
Chinese soldier being killed in 
battle, so we must have been 
fighting the Vietnamese people), 
what would life in that country be 
like if the Americans hadn't been 
resisted? Wouldn ' t President 
Thieu and his tiger cages have 
remained if America had " won?" 
And incidentally, what exactly was 
America, a country of 200 million 
white people with a GNP of one 
trillion dollars and a tempera te 
climate, doing in Viet Nam, a 
country of about 30 million Oriental 
people with a GNP of maybe 100 
million and a tropical climate, if it 
wasn't fighting Communist im-
perialism? 

But now we have come to the 
second approach to the problem of 
militarism that was proposed at 
the beginning of this article. 

Musa ... 
forces in politics today, capitalists 
and movements. 

According to Musa, the US is 
practically a dictatorship. He sa id 
that a very small minority of the 
people, the capitalists, are in 
control of the government, and are 
running it for their own benefit. 

Musa said that the capitalists are 
trying to cause oppression of the 
minorities in order to create two 
classes of citizens. To illustrate 
Musa said that last year the 
country's largest corporations 
netted $34 billion by paying blacks 
less than whites. 

Capitalists, Musa said, are 
responsible for wars because they 
boost the economy and allow them 
to make more money. 

Movements Best Remedy 
Musa explained that the best 

way of remedying this situation is 
through the use of movements. He 
said political behavior is not voting 
every year ; rather, it is when 
750,000 people crowd on the steps of 
the White House to protest the war 
in Vietnam. 

Musa also cited another effective 
movement , the c ivil r ights 
movement, which was responsible 
for abolishing the J im Crow laws. 

Musa cited the busing and 

UN I VERSllY 
BOOK5TORE 

Page eleven 

abortion as a reas where the 
movement should get involved. 

Besides supporting busing, Musa 
believes .that more money should 
be put into Chicano and black 
sehools, and that there should be 
more bi-lingual programs in the 
schools . If necessary, he sa id, 
these meas ures should be 
protected by force. 

There are two main reasons why 
the US did not get involved in 
Angola , Musa said. The first 
reason is that there are 25 million 
blacks in the US and the govern-
ment was afraid their reaction if 
the troops were sent to Angola. 

The second reason cited is that 
everyone still remembers Viet-
nam. 

When asked to comment on Tom 
Hayden, the 1960s activist-turned-
Democra tic-Senate candidate , 
Musa said that Hayden is basically 
a capitalist who is trying to make 
people think that he isn't. Musa 
said that Hayden had not been a 
leader in the anti-war movement 
but merely a member . 

He also said that Hayden has 
always been a Democrat and was 
now trying to bring people back 
into the Democratic party and to 
get himself elected. 

uniVeRSITY 

ARRANGEMENT WITH 
........ ..,..... ~ 

.................. 

BOOK~STOR( 
MA TIHEWS CAMPUS 

A fl V~ D'\Y 5HOW 
HOURS 10:00 - 'I ;30 P.M. 

Vv'HOLE5ALE To THE PUBLIC. 
A GIANT 51 LVER ~ rlARQl-iOISJ::. I~DIAN 
UE"WELRi' "'5t1CW AND ~E: TOR AL.£. srtAD~T.5, 
FACUL,:TY, ::S~FF ANP FRlE'NDS -f1::A.Tl, .. H~I~~ 
Tft~ F/hlEST rtA~DC.RAfiED M.E~Ct+~D/S.£ 
AVAIL-ABLE. AT TItS::: l-ONEsr PR.I~ C~ 1tt£ 

vJf!!:~T ~sT. P{{Ic.gs f1t\R ~w::>w 
1<E'SS<VAllON PR...[C~. 

L.A{2{oEsr NfCf<W4R-E ~o.N AN.D D ISfU\y I N rtf£" 
KNOWN WOfa.I;> -mTvtRI~6 - t..IQUID 51LV~ 

Nrck:f,~ AT ·-1,~5 f3E"AlttnR-1t... AklD DU/C4Te-
CR.EA1l0tJS fEATLA.RING NAT'1RA-L. ~RTt1 Slt:t.Je:s 
Ahlp SE"A E.HEU..5 CF Fa/F?AY KIND / sl-tA-P~ 4 
Ca.oR.. ! I .t, 
SPrnlAtL ~ I~ ~kAs 5 . ~76 

~.o,L ~~RE'. Do IT -'b.LQSELF S~:nCA) - . 
Au... YOL1 NEED TbCRt:A~ '1'OL(R.owN MASfEf<P/~ Cr-) 
I1A RQI,.(DI st= NUCD(o~ . uct:Uu:) -e..,UER MAt\})J 
f"Ait(RAL STONS!!S AtJD s'r'L-VAN ~ ~s 
AU- AI ~r SAVI ~ .Tb 'rbL;( .• - -

3 



We are, 
debate 'a 

~Iition ... 
held on pus. 

Re : sev nth paragraph-
The f ie inist Coalition is not 

bringing together Mary Nichols 
and Matrine Startup for a debate. 
What Vera Todorov was referring 
to was the debate in Los Angeles at 
the Calif/Arizona Regional Con-
ference for the ERA, held Feb. 7. 

Eleven women from U~D were 
able to attend. More might have 
attended if the TrIton Times had 
published our articles publicizing 
this event. Perhaps if the TrIton 
Times published more of our let-
ters, the Feminist Coalition would 
not have to submit letters 
correcting virtually every 
paragraph of the feature article. 

Notebook. .. 

Is' the Trltoa Times a campus 
newspaper? If so, it should respond 
to the, student needs and activities 
on campus. Only under extreme 
pressure does the TrIton Times 
publish articles on women's issues, 
and when it does, they are of the 
calibre of the one in the Feb. 11 
issue. 

Since women constitute a major 
portion of the campus community, 
it is our hope that the TrIton TImes 
will rectify this situation. We only 
question your priorities. Hopefully, 
student organizations set up to 
express student opinion (such as 
the Feminist Coalition) can begin 
to receive the recognition they 
deserve. ' 

THE FEMINIST COAUTION 

In the pros ... The tenth annual Jack-In-The-Box Indoor Games will be at 
the Sports Arena Saturday night. Featured will be Filbert Bayi, Marty 
Uquori, Rod Dixon, Dwight Stones, Rick Wolhuter, Francie, Larrieu, and 
Frank Shorter in the track meet, which will run from about 6 pm to 11 
pm ... 

As first disclosed here two weeks ago, the San Diego Friars of World 
Team Tennis have finally signed Rod Laver to a full season contract for 
1976 ... 

Offensive ... 
Mrs. X begins to walk towards me. She is giving me a look that moves 

the keys in my front pants' pocket. I look into my purse. It does not work. 
She taps me on the shoulder and says, "Who are you? Why the hell are 
you watching Gary Koch? " 

I roll my eyes, shake my head, stick out my tongue, and look up at the 
sky. She walks away. Whew! 

Hmm"'rrl .. ... 

Sorry. 
I~just 
practicing my 
primal scream. 

\ 

9 Whatever happened to 
small-talk? 

~ 

We'll send you a free booklet uri t,Iccodo Seed Growing 
I you 'll send us 25¢ lor handling and postage. Add ress it: 
3eed Growing , PO. Box 2162 , Cosla Mesa, CA 92626 

Ilow 4-6 wks lor delivery Offer expires Dec. 31, 1976 

INSIDE EVERY 
CAUFORNIA AVOCADO 

THERE'S A FREE TREE. 
AND SOMEONE TO ~ <.,..: 

TALK TO.: 

.rIM ... I ... 'S 

Malcolm X TrIbute 
Socialist Workers Party member 

Willie Petty will speak Thursday at 
noon on Malcolm X, "The Man and 
His Ideals, " in the Revelle in-
formal lounge. 

Sponsored by the Young Socialist 
Alliance, the talk will be a tribute 
to Malcolm X in celebration of his 
birthday, on Feb. 20. 

Paper AiJoplane Contest 
A challenge to compete in the 

second annual Intercollegiate 
Paper Airplane Contest on Feb. 24 
has been issued by UCLA's 
engineering students to colleges 
and universities in southern 
California. 

Launching pad for the event will 
be the top of UCLA's engineering 
building, Boelter Hall, with the 
starting time set for noon. 

For the past six years, UCLA has 
held a campus-wide paper airplane 
contest during the annual 
celebration of Engineers Week. 
The winners of this year's UCLA 
contest will compete against the 
visiting teams from other cam-
puses. 

Each school may enter one plane 
in each for four categories, namely 
distance, duration aloft, appeal, 
and unlimited. Prizes will be 
awarded to the top three entries in 
each category and a rotating 
trophy to the winning school. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

The Mu ir Resident Hall Office has 
a lost and found w ith keys, 10, 
glasses and assorted other items. 

Individuals or teams wishing to 
represent their campuses are 
asked to contact Triangle 
Fraternity, 519 Landfair Ave., Los 
Angeles 90024, by Feb. 23 . . 

New X-Ray Ualt 
A new computerized x-ray unit 

which has revolutionized the field 
of diagnostic radiology has been 
installed at University Hospital. 

The diagnostic device is the CAT 
scanner-its name an acronym for 
the "Computerized Assisted 
Tomography" procedJU"e which it 
performs. 

Additional updated equipment 
for the diagnostic unit will be 
added after July I, the first date it 
is available from the manufac-
turer. . 

"For the first time we are 
diagnostically able to see the 
brain, rather than structures in 
and around the brain. Also, 
compared with previous diagno~tic 
studies of the brain such as ar-
teriograms and pneumoen-
cephalograms, there is little or no 
discomfort to the patient," said Dr. 
Kenneth Albertson ,. assistant 
professor of Radiology and co-
director of the new scanner ser-
vice. 

The Device is valuable in 
detecting and giving det~ils about 

Registration packets for spring 
quarter were sent to cont inu ing 
students on February 12, Students 
who d id not rece ive the ir pOckets, 

should come to the Reg istrar'S 
Office, MC 101 . 

How to Build. 
Better Savings 

Account. 

WediIeIda)" F~ II, lt71 

brain twnors, tumors behind the 
eye, head injuries, blood veSsel 
malformations" other disorders. 

According to Dr. Albertson, 
other advantages of the CAT 
scanner over earlier methods 
include the fact that the radiation 
dose for an entire study is equal to 
approximately one lateral skull 
film. "Also," he said "we can get 
100 tiJnes more sensitive in-
formation than with a regular skull 
film. " 

PoIIoa Center 
Anniversary 

An anniversary party "(or the 
community" will be held by the 
San Diego Poison Information 
Center Feb. 25 to mark the fourth 
year since its founding. 

The 3 to 6 pm event win be held at 
University Hospital on the North 
Annex lawn adjacent to the Poison 
Information Center. 

A total 20,880 calls was answered 
by the Center during 1975, Dr, 
Micik said, with 13,428 of these 
accident calls involving possible 
death or serious toxic effects of 
poisoning. 

In addition to its primary fun-
ction of dispensing information on 
antidotes or. treatment for 

. poisoning, the Center sponsors , 
numerous educational and 
prevention programs throughout 
the communitv. 

Writing Clinic : If you have 
d iff iculty _ getting your ideas on ' 
paper or you simply wont to im· 

, prove your writ ing sk i lls, the 
Writing Cli n ic can assist you . The 
Writ ing Cl in ic is not a closs, but 0 
free serv ice. 

1. Start with a solid foundation. Your University 
and State Employees Credit Union is a multi-million 
dollar concern . Solid ly concerned about each 
member's well being. Your regular savings will be in· 
sured to $40,000 by the National Credit Union 
Administration. 
2. Think "constructively" . . . and stack your credit 
union against the competition. U.S.E. will pay you an 
intended 5 Yo % per annum· on regular savings. 
Compare that with banks who pall no more than 5% 
and savings and loan who pay no more than 5 v.. % 
per annum, both on passbook accounts. There's no 
comparison 

3. Consider the eaH 01 building. It's easier to build 
a powerful savings plan through your credit union, 
espectally with the use of Payroll Deduction as a tool. 
Payroll deduction will allow you to hilve a predeter· 
mined amount of savings set aside from your pay. 
check automatically. This way you can build your sav· 
Ings account qUickly, almost without knowing It. It 
really pays you to save at your credit union! 

U.S.E, - YOUR SOLID, HIGH EARNING. 
EFFICIENT WAY TO SAVE. 
BUILD AN ACCOUNT TODAYI 

. [[]~[§ 
University & Stat. Employees Credit Union 

UCSD 
3100 Gilman Dr. 

Matthews Campus ti NCUA 
La Jolla, Calif. 92037 

(714) 453-5620 
OntER OFfiCES TO SERVF. YOU; 

San Diego. 5555 Mildred treel, San Diego. Calif 92110, (7 14) 297 1838 
SDSU, 5191 ColIegc Ave . San Diego. CaMf 92115. (7 14) 286-42 10 

UC Davl • TB lIS, Davis, Calif 956 16, (916) 752· 18 17 

-_ .. -


