
Marco LiMandri 

Members Question UMandri 
Use of Coop Monies 

by Jame. G. Soto 
City EdItor 

Marco LiMandri, the fonner co-director of the student Cooperative's 
External Affairs Statewide Collective, has used over $100 in Coop um-
brella funds for the publication of a report calling for the abolishment of 
the Student Body Presidents' Council (SBPC) and a severe redirection of 
student politics in the UC system. 

LiMandri wrote the report after he resigned from the Statewide 
External Affairs position and gave up his seat on the SBPC early in the 
fall quarter. 

Members of the Coop, including the present SBPC co-representative 
Fred Speck, ' have questioned the expenditure of Coop monies for 
LiMandri's project because the report is basically a private opinion 
rather than a statement of Coop principles or programs. 

Speck said that although he had no reservations about the publication of 
the report if LiMandri had done it as an individual, his use of Coop funds 
has injected the Coop into the controversy, and raises the question of the 
propriety of his actions. 

Of the $112.82 of Coop funds spent by LiMandri, $73.44 went to pay for 18 
hours of secretarial time to type the manuscrlpt. :sandra Sterling, the 
Student Organizations secretary who typed the LiMandri paper, said she 
typed the report because "as a founder of the Coop and a fonner member 
of the External Affairs collective he (LiMandri) had the privilege." 

Coop Might CbaUenge 
Sterling said, however, that she had never been approached before with 

a demand for as much work as LiMandri's paper entailed. LiMandri's 
request has been the only one made by someone who was not a Coop of-
ficer at the time of the work order. 

" The Coop structure doesn't allow for the type of introspection that 
might challenge thiI type of request," sterling said. "However, since the 
costs were 10 high, the Coop might challenge this sort of request in the 
future." . 
. Ac~rding to Sterlin& Coop umbrella expenses are budgeted with the 
lntentl~ of paying for the operating expenses of that organization. In the 
past thIS fund has been UIed by Coop members to pay for paper, ink, 
telephones and other miscellaneoua expenses. 

LiMandri said Monday that he doesn't understand what the fuss has 
been about. He said that the amount 'of money actually spent was small, 
just a few dollars for paper and postage. 

LiMandri said that Sterling was able to answer and run the office and 
other Coop duties while typing the report. 

"Everybody in the Coop kenw I was going to write the paper after I 
resigned from the SBPC," said LiMandri. "Now that the thing has been 
published people are getting upset." 

S ..... t Lobby Auex Faadt 
Copies of the report -were sent out to all SBPC members, selected 

newspapers, all Black Student Unions, MECHAs and Native American 

•• t ••••••• 
Coatmaetllll Pap 8 

Saxon to Testify Tonight at State 
Of California Building Downtown 

by J ohn H. Taylor 
Editor-ln-cbief 

UC President Saxon, the object 
of an anti-Central Intelligence 
Agency demonstration Nov. 25 that 
resulted in alleged violations of 
University regulations by 10 

Tr iton Times staffers con-
tributing to this story were Sara 
Lowen, James G. Solo, Craig 
Uchida and Brian Davis. 
students, will appear tonight at 
disciplinary hearings for the 
students in downtown San Diego. 

Although neither the student 
affairs office nor the public affairs 
office knew if a decision on the 
location had been made, the Triton 
Times learned yesterday the 
hearings will be held in room B-I09 
of the State of California building, 
1350 Front St. 

Saxon was scheduled to appear 
Feb. 27, and about 200 supporters 
of the charged students staged a 
rally to coincide with the 
President 's testimony. The 
demonstrators disrupted the 
hearings after a speech and a 
pantomime on the gym steps. 

But Saxon cancelled at the last 
minute, saying he had to appear at 
a UC budget hearing ' n 
Sacramento. 

A definite starting time for the 
evening hearing has not been 
released, but Saxon is scheduled to 
arrive in San Diego at 6 pm. A UC 
San Diego spokesman said the 
hearings would convene within 30 
minutes to an hour ' after his 
arrival. 

Students will be allowed to at-
tend the meeting if they sign up in 
the student affairs office 
beforehand. Space is limited-

Weare Recall 
Effort Fails 
'In Del Mar 

by Sara Lowen 
CommunJty Editor 

Del Mar voters indicated their 
support for the environmentalist 
policies of the city council in 
Tuesday's election, electing three 
envirorunentalists to the city 
council, approving the Community 
Plan and voting down a proposal to 
recall councilperson John Weare. 

Hervey Sweetwood, Al 
Tarkington and incumbent 
Richard Rypinski won council 
seats, receiving the most votes in a 
field of seven candidates. 
Sweetwood and Rypinski voiced 
support for the open space policies 
of the city council in their cam-
paigns and said they would pursue 
them if elected. 

Tarkington said he agreed with 
the policy of preserving and 
acquiring open spaces, though he 
felt that the council must cut non-
e sential services to finance th 
open space purchases. 

Ross Wa Cl e t 
Marshall Ro s came clo est to 

gaining a council seat, receiving 
nine votes less than Tarkington. He 
was followed by Julianna Bar-
tanyl, Joe Frivaldsky, Clark 
Almgren and Gordon [)enyes. 

The Community Plan was passed 
by a sound margin , nearly a year 

<{9ptinu~ ~ Pa. 8 

Milton Gordon, UC counsel in student hearings. 
students are urged to sign up early. 

UCSD police chief Hugh French 
said last night the 16 UC police 
officers-from RiverSide, UCLA, 
Irvine and Santa Barbara-who 
backed up UCSD officers Wed-
nesday and yesterday would be 
available for security at tomorrow 
night's hearing. 

There will also be morning and 
afternoon sessions, beginning. at 9 

am in the recreation gym Cl n-
ference room. 

Two Phone Call 
Interpreta tions 

Hearings resumed on campu.-
Wednesday morning for the firs 
time since the Feb. 27 demon 
stration, when a session was ad 
journed after the room could not bE. 
cleared of demonstrators. 

Continu~ on Page 8 

New Bill Requires Regents 
To Disclose Investments 

by Cbris Bowman 
Staff Writer 

\ SACRAMENTO A bill 
requiring full public disclosure of 
the UC Board of Regents' in-
vesbnent decisions and stock 
holdings was recently introduced 
by State Sen. John Dunlap (0-
Yolo). 

Under terms of the bill, the 
Regents' investment committee 
would be required to list for the 
public all their common stock 
holdings and how they vote as 
shareholders in corporate elec-
tions. 

UC presently has invested more 
than $647 million of endowment, 
retirement pension and other funds 
in common stock. 

The Regents' portfolio includes 
dozens of rn3jor domestic and 
foreign firms including IBM, 
BankAmerica Corp., Standard Oil 
of California and Ohio, ARCO, 
General Electric, General Mills, 
Caterpillar Tractor, Union Pacific, 
Eastman Kodak, Hewlett-
Packard, Hercules Inc., Squibb 
Corp., Pfizer and 3M Company. 

File Annual Report 
Dunlap's measure would require 

the University and all other state 
agencies holding common stock to 
file annual reports with the 
Secretary of State detailing the 
number of shares owned and their 
votes on issues at all shareholder 
meetings. 

However, the agencies would not 
be required to explain their vote . 

These reports would be made 
available to th public. 

Dunlap estimated that U~ cunl 
various public retirement systems 
in California have approximately 
$15 bilUon invested in stocks and 
bonds. UC is one of the largest 
institutional investors in the state, 
holding stock, bond and 
miscellaneous equity porUolio 
worth more than $1.4 billion. 

Dunlap said that since UC's 
investments are made with pubUc 
money, they should be open to 
public inspection. 

"Our vote should be cast to open 
corporate operations to public 
scrutiny. This is just another area 
where government has been less 
than completely open. This fact, 
coupled with corporate 
manipulation, has created a large 
void," he said 

According to Dunlap's staff, the 
Regents have traditionally 
followed corporate managements' 

reconunendatio~ in their voting 
and iInored questions of social 
responsibility. 

John Harrington, Dunlap's aide, 
said the Regents have voted 
against shareholders' proposals to 
prohibit sex discrimination in 

Continued on Page 8 

Anti·Semitism 
, 

Examined 
by Nick Vanocur 

tafl Writer 
La t Tuesday night, the subject 

of antl-semitism was examined in 
the second e ion of the Fourth 
College symposium on Race and 
Racism. 

The session consisted of two 
parts, a bic ntennial award win-
ning film, "J ws in Am rica," and 
a c mmentary on anti emitism b 
Dr. Harry Nadler and hi wife 
EI anor. adl r i the chainnan of 
til UCSII ui" V\.· .. n vf the Jewish 
Anti-D Carnation League. 

In the fi part of the ion, 
the adl rs plaini'd that anti-

mitism is the oldest of all 
prejudices and is based upon a If 
perpetuating cycle of myths. They 
said that once any pattern of 

CoaUaued OD Pa 8 

- - - .---.. ----.-~-



Pale! • r'.OII .'.U1('S Friday, March 5, 1976 
LeHers 0 the Editor 

C arges of Hearings Bias. Refuted 
An Open Letter to the 
Chancellor from the GSU 

Some thoughts about the in-
vestigative hearings: 

(Much ·Jf the following will be an 
attempt to refute certain 
viewpoints expressed in Vol. 1118 of 
Tbe New lodlcator, Feb:25. 

Are they illegitimate .. 
1) Because they are called to 

investigate possible violations of 
illegitimate university 
regulations? The regulations these 
students are charged with 
violating do not seem particularly 
insidious. They are designed to 
effectuate the ability of university 
officials to perform their duties. In 
this case, duties having to do with 
maintaining some semblance of 
order on campus, and to insure the 
health and safety of these officials 
and university guests. 

The regulations are not attempts 
to shield university officials from 
public scrutiny or accountability. 
The students do not claim that 
Saxon did not answer their 
questions; the fact of the matter is 
simply that they did not like the 
answers he gave. 

2) Because they are inherently 
biased insofar as the hearing of-
ficer is merely a puppet of some 
higher authority? This is what 
" The New Indicator" suggests, 
positing a link extending from the 
hearing officer, professor Robert 
Lugannani, to Saxon, to the 
Regents, to possible sources of 
their wealth, these being (it im-
plies) "global corporations whose 
interests are looked after in the 
third world by the CIA." The 
burden of proving so tenuous a link 
must fall on those asserting it. No 
such proof is offered and although 
all of the later links in the chain are 
at lease plausible, the one between 
Lugannani and Saxon is much less 
so in the face of the repeated 
statements by UC San Diego of-
ficials that Saxon bad nothing to do 
with calling the hearings. 

3) Because " regardless of how 
'decent' or 'reasonable' our ad-
ministrators may seem as in-
dividuals, it is simply not possible 
for them to operate against the 
logic of the capitalistic system they 

@&> ~<!!!!iBl ~ 
No Confusion--Learning 
Is Up to the Student 

Tbe following Is a response to 
vice-chancellor of Academic 
Affairs Paul Saltman's ~rticle 
entitletl "I Never Promised You a 
Rose Garden," revisited [1"1' Feb. 
23): 

The university exists for the 
students, not the students for the 

unive ~sity . Students must judge 
the Jfliversity , not vice-versa, 
becalse the only reason (ideally) 
that a school exists is so that 
learn 'ng i:; a;'::ibble tn people who 
want it. 

Yo'\ s.y you are concerned with 
the plss/not pass system, for, you 
say, 'excellence and adequacy are 
not s-m(flymous." No one ever said 
they ",ere. 

It is not the responsibility, nor 
even the ability, of any school to 
judge excellence or adequacy. As 
in athletic competition and co-
operative music, the people one 
seeks to compete with or co-
operate will decide for themselves, 
as the student must himself. 
Indeed, these people are the only 
ones honestly able to do so. 

The student must decide for 
himself whether he seeks 
adequacy or excellence and where 
he seeks it. It is not the university's 
prel vl5ative to do it for him or to 
him. 

Saltman, we never asked for 3 
rose garden, but we sure as hell 
don't want an assembly line. 

JAMES CHADWICK 

r--------------------------------------~ 
The Troton TImes is recognized by the Communocatlons Board 01 UCSD as the officIal 

student newspaper. Publication Is on Mondays . WedneSdays < 1d Fridays during the 
regutar schOOl year (except on official holidayS). EdItOrial and busino8S offICes are 
localed In t 17 Blake Hall on the Revelle College campus. Unlverslly of Calofo<nla, San 
Doego 

lellers 10 lhe EdItor i"ld opoolon columns are welcomed All submlS9loos should be 
typed on a 74·space line on nonerasable paper. They should not exceed thre peges In 
length double·spaced The Troton T,mes resen18S the rlghl to edit submissions because 
of spaca I,mitatlons or slyle requlr menta 

For edlloroal , call 452·3466, lor business and dIsplay advertlsemenls, call 452·3468 
Enlorecontenlscopyright 1976, Trolon T,m s . 

help administrate." What has an 
individual's acceptance or 
rejection of the institution of 
private property to do with his 
ability to impartially decide a 
question about the danger to the 
health and safety (not property 
rights) of an individual? 

It is unclear why Professor 
Lugannani should not be capable of 
operating "against the logic of the 
system" while Professor Lettau, 
who delivered the opening 
sta tement of the defense, 
presumably is. In fact, this whole 
objection to the legitimacy of the 
hearings lacks clarity and seems to 
rest upon the assumption that 
Lugannani isn't a Marxist. What 
could be the basis for this 
assumption-his looks perhaps or 
petty bourgeos attire? 

4) Because the hearings are 
"quasi-open"? "Quasi-openness' is 
a danger only if a hearing is so 
closed that the possibility of 
hearings are not that closed. In 
fact they are not that closed. In 
fact they are open enough that 
there have been empty seats at 
nearly every session. They are 
slow enough that any such attempt 
at " railroading" could be ad-
dequately publicized and 
demonstrated against before it was 
completed. 

Furthermore, there is adequate 
press coverage to regularly inform 
the student body of the events of 
the proceedings; if the San Diego 
Union and Triton Times are not 
good enough for you, there is "The 
New Indicator." Even the latter, I 
hope to have shown, has not suc-
cessfully pointed to a bias in the 
proceedings. 

Any desire to open the hearings 
beyond the Triton Times 
suggestion of closed-circuit 
television can only be motivated 
out of a desire to badger the wit-
nesses and bias the outcome 
through audience participation. 
This cannot be allowed. 

JAYCHAFETZ 

Letters 
The editorial page of the Triton 

Times is an open forum for ex-
pressions of all viewpoints. 

All letters are printed. 
Anything is fair game - you, us , 

them. Your complaints and 
criticisms are more profitably 
directed in print than on bathroom 
walls or in tirads at your roomie. 

Type them on a 74-space line and 
bring them to our office: 117 Blake 
Hall, accross from the Revelle 
snack bar. 

Come on. 

Erratum 
Monday's What's On calendar 
incorrectly listed the Fourth 
College Mardi Gras as occurring 
on Wednesday. The Mardi Gras 
will be held Saturday, March 6 at 
noon on the Fourth College green. 

We would like to know what criteria was used in the selection of 
Professor Lugannani as hearing officer for the limited access 
proceedings against the 10 students who protested UC complicity with a 
murderous, torturous agency of the Federal Government on Nov. 25, 1975. 

Specifically, we would like to know if: 
1) Lugannani is a member ofthe Bar of the State of California; 
2) Lugannani has had any experience as an arbitrator. 
We are also concerned about possible conflicts of interest which nlight 

adversely affect Lugannani's impartiality and his ability to objectively 
report his findings. In this regard, can you tell us if: 

1) Lugannani has ever been employed by the Federal Government or 
any of its agencies; 

2) Lugannani, or the Department of Applied Physics and Infonnation 
Science, has ever receiVed, or is now receiving grants from the Federal 
government. 

In addition, we wish to express our complete dissatisfaction with the 
manner in which the hearing format was determined. In a memo to the 
GSU dated Feb. 20, Vice-chancellor George S. Murphy justifies the denial 
of the 10 students' other hearing options (viz. college judicial and student 
conduct conunittees) by referring to "campus regulations." A newly 
published copy of these " regulations" was sent to the GSU for the first 
time on Feb. 9. We assume you are aware that the booklet does not bear a 
date of publication, nor does it claim to be a reprint or revision of any 
previously published set of regulations. 

We demand to know, therefore, if this booklet, or any po.rtion thereof, 
was conceived, written aod published by the administration after Nov. 
25th for the express purpose of insuring swnt and damning judgments 
against the 10 students. 

If this is the case, we would, of course, expect your immediate 
resignation and that of all those administrators who participated in the 
travesty. But even if this is not shown to be true, we still feel that the 
administration's gratuitous denial of students' options reveals an utter 
disregard for the basic principles of fairness by which this University , 
and indeed our nation are supposedly governed. We submit that this 
brand of justice, generally typified by a certain marsupial common to 
Australia, has no place in any university worthy of the name. 

Finally, we would request you make available to all student 
organizations, and especially the 10 students charged, any publications 
you may have regarding grievance procedures available to students who 
have been victimized by the maUeasance and/or incompetence of the 
University President, Chancellors, Vice-chancellors and other ad-
ministrative officers. 

STEERING COMMIttEE 
,;mE GRADUATE STUDENT UNION 

Brin, Best to Button Lip 
G. Brin's labyrinthian and 

somewhat long-winded apology for 
the law (TI, Feb. 27,) contains one 
fundamental inaccuracy. The 10 
students singled out for discipline 
in the aftermath of Saxon's debacle 
are not accused of breaking the 
law. The District Attorney has not 
preferred charges against these 
students or the three non-students 
identified as having protested UC 

-

complicity with a murderous, 
torturous agency. 

If Brin has evidence that the law 
was broken, we suggest he contact 
the DA's office posthaste. If not , we 
submit that the campus com· 
munity (and, given the nature of 
libel and slander laws, Brin 
himself ) might best be served by 
his silence. 

KEVlNJ . O'CONNOR 

Tenure Practice Cheats 
Us of the Best Teachers 

Picture the following situation. A 
psychology major is dreading an 
advanced statistics class which he 
is required to take. That was eight 
weeks ago. ~ 

Now, not only is he doing quite 
well in the course but he is actually 
enjoying it. The reason for this is 
because of the talent and efforts of 
the professor, Jay Russo. How 
very few times it has been my 
experience to have a professor who 
is truly concerned about his 
students and has that special 

charisma which makes a professor 
into a teacher. But, since Jay 
Russo didn't get tenured he will be 
leaving this school very soon. 

Being an undergrad, I don 't 
pretend to understand the vast 
political intrigues of the executive 
powers, but one thing seems 
perfectly clear. It is a travesty of 
the principles , which I thought a 
university stood for to dismiss one 
of its better professors. Perhaps 
we need a reevaluation of our 
priorities. 

FRED SCHINDLER 

'ri.on.I"'~ Staff writers Ran Anbar 
UC San Diego Evelyn Barata Special writen 
John H. Taylor Detsy Chunent Charles Heimier Brian Davis Greg Hicks Edltor-in-chief Robin DeRieux Edward Simons Mark Woelber James G. Soto StElve Esmedina Bume •• 

Managing editor City editor Cathy Fitzmaurice Doug Mooney 
John Halperin Damien Moore 

Mark Stadler Nathan Meyers RonKato JeMifer Zack 
News editor Photo editor Frank Kazenki Pbocouapb)' Margaret Krueger Paul Jarvis 

Craig Uchida Kenzie Nicoll Tim MacKenzie Sharon Roberts Alan Russell OpinIon Editor Business Manager Scott Sadll Bill Brooks Mark Gomez 
Sara J . Lowen Daniel Shawler Ken Stipanov .Joan Finkle Cary Thompson Community Editor ' Arts editor Debora Weber DI CrlbuUoo 

D\ustraton Bill Wilson 
Dave Eisen Wendy Eagle Mark Robb Production Sports editor Office manager Steve Skubine Shauna Stokes 

Patrick Marsh Kristin Webb 
Bill Pelronnet 

Friday, March 5,1976 

CHIClE 
MA 

by Alan Russell 
Staff Writer 

Last week, a man in a strange c~tume walked around the 
Revelle quad giving away presents. Santa Claus? No. The 
Easter Bunny? You're getting warmer. Some pervert? No. 
Well, not really. 

It was the one and only KGB Chicken . 
The story behind one of San Diego's most colorful per-

sonalities began two years ago when a KGB radio station 
salesman watlted into the lobby of San Diego State's radio 
station and asked of the six students sitting there, "Who 
wants to work for KGB?" The unanimous shouts of "I do," 
prompted him to explain the exact nature of the job, and 
how in all probability it would only last two weeks. The 
students remained undeterred, which forced the salesman 
into making a choice. After looking over the group he finally 
ended up picking the smallest of the six, saying, "I figure 
the suit wUlfit you. " . 

The KGB Chicken was hatched. 
Ted, alias the Chicken, prefers to have his last name 

remain anonymous. "Most of the people I know have no 
idea that I lead a double tife as a Chicken," he said. "It puts 
an air of mystery around my whole being when I have 
people ask me, 'who are you in real life?' Besides that, I'd 
like the Chicken to become a more than life character, 
almost like that of Mickey Mouse:" 

Already the Chicken has become almost a San Diego 
institution. Found at junior and senior high schools, 
colleges, store openings, concerts and sporting events, as 
well as being seen on such programs as Monday Night 
Football and the Howard Cosell Saturday Night Live Show, 
Ted and his colorful nine-piece Chicken suit promoting KGB 
ha ve become common sights around the city. 

An unassuming 22 year old senior at San Diego State 
majoring in journalism, Ted admits that he doesn't want ~ 
be a professional chicken his whole life, but having some 
aspirations of being a stand up comic, he has found his 
experience as the Chicken invaluable. 

"Nobody gets a bigger kick out of my performing than I 
do," he said. "I'm laughing along with the crowd, and 
really enjoying myself. KGB pays me to have fun-and I 
do." 

However, there are some drawbacks to any job, and Ted 
talked about some of his fowl experiences. " The Chicken 
suit is as hot as hell . I sweat a lot, and have to drink large 
amounts of liquid to keep me going. Luckily, over my two 
years as the Chicken, I've built up a tolerance to the heat. " 

The Chicken's "golc.len eggs," otherwise known as a large 
assortment of free gifts, have also gotten him into seve~l 
"jams." "Last year when I went to Madison High School 
there was a near riot," he said. "They had to call in four 
units of police to control the situation. I wasn't really 
frightened, but I did get jostled a little." 

One of his more amusing incidents came out while telling 
a story of how one night a bunch of drunken sailors lifted 

-

-' . .,.., 

him up and started carrying him off to go bar hopping with 
them. "It wasn't that I didn't want to go with them," Ted 
said, "but! still had my job of promoting the station to do." 

Working as the Chicken takes up about thirty hours of the 
week, and Ted is very proud of his accomplishments over 
the past two years. "Since my debut as the KGB Chicken, 
and I have been the one and only Chicken, our audience 
ratings have never gone down. Right now in San Diego we 
are the number one FM station, as well as the number three 
AM station, and I'd like to think that I've helped KGB get 
where they are." 

Feeling that it takes a lot more than putting on a chicken 
suit to entertain the people, Ted said that "any dummy can 
walk around and make a spectacle of himself, but not that 

Page 3 

The lOB Chicken: 
Dreams .1 MiCkey Mouse, 
the Bla Bird and Johnny Carson 

many people can get the audience to laugh with you at your 
antics. " Ted believes that he received one of his greatest 
compliments when the recently fired KCBQ program 
director called up KGB and told them that "your Chicken 
can't be beat." In addition to that, because of KGB's suc· 
cess in promoting their station through the Chicken, other 
radio stations have followed suit with a beaver in 
Sacramento and a bunny rabbit in St. Louis. 

At this point in his Chicken career, Ted wants to know 
" How far can r go from here?" He is amazed that the 
Chicken phenomenon hasn't diminished , and in fact ap-
pears to be continually growing. "I want people to think of 
the KGB Chicken when they think about San Diego, just like 
how Mickey Mouse is equated with Disneyland. Right now I 
have dreams about getting a seat for the Academy Awards, 
as well as appearing on the Tonight Show with Johnny 
Carson, and who knows, it might all come true." 

The interview was concluded with some pertinent 
questions. 

T.T. : Is it true you work for chicken feed? 
Chicken: fIIot anymore. As a matter of fact, I get more 

money than some San Diego d.j. s. Chicken is selling for 
over 50 cents a pound now, 

T.T.: Will you confirm or deny rumors that there is a 
"super fight" in the making between you and "Big Bird" of 
Sesame Street? 

Chicken: Oh, wow! When I first started working, little 
kids would ask me whether I was Big Bird, and I'd always 
say, "No, I'm a cousin of Big Bird. Well, if it came down to a 
cock fight, I'd come out victorious." 

T.T. : Do you think a prerequisite for your job is to be a 
" bird brain?" 

Chicken: No. The only thing necessary is a sense of 
humor and some imagination. 

T.T.: What will your feelings be when you hang up the 
feathers? 

Chicken: I'll really miss it. Hopefully I'll be performing 
in some other capacity though. 

T.T.: I heard from a reliable source that you personally 
hate Colonel Sanders and Kentucky Fried Chicken, and 
were planning some drastic actions against them. 

Chicken: That's not true. I enjoy promoting their stores 
and eating .... 

T.T.: You'rea cannibal? 
Chicken: I'm afraid so. 
T.T. : In an eggshell, what is the Chicken'S philo ophyof 

life. But please , refrain from saying, 'don't count your 
chickens before they're hatched.' 

Chicken: You're kidding! What's the Chicken's 
philosophy of life? I never really thought ahout that. Let me 
think." . 

The question proved a stumper, but knowing the KGB 
Chicken, he'll brood over the query until he cOl1les up with a 
proper answer, and then return once again triumphantly to 
the UCSD campus. 

.. ********* ************************ .. * . it The UCSD Science Fiction * 
:: and Fantasy Society * 
it presents * 
it * 

• * 

A MANDEVILLE 
LECTURE 

~ [f[Lrn:~D=n : 
it • 
it • i @@)[fi[Q)®tt!l i 

mort sahl 
ST. $1.00 
GA $2.00 
TICKETS : 
UCSDBOX 
OFFICE 
452-4090 

MARCH I 
TUESDAY , 8P:_~ 

• • 
· ,.. it • 
:: Highlight of the 101 Hour : 
:: Science Fiction Film Festival : 
• • it • 
:: Sunday, tv1a. eh 7 : 
:: fv\andeville Auditorium : 
· ,.. :: 3 showings : 
• • it Doors open at 7 pm only S 1 • 

~~~ ••• ~~~ ••• ~~ ••• ~~~.~ ••••••••••• ir 



w 
OWS 

ancI CbeaP 
ItyI .... rtiSi.... Shots 

TIle Seealc: itoate. 
LA JOlLA, CA.-Biological researchers here at the prestigious San 

Diego campus of the University of California have announced the suc-
cessful birth of the world's, first recorded man-ape-a creature dubbed 
Sam Simian by its creators. 

The man-ape, sporting a full head of hair, weighed in at a modest six 
and a halfpounds.It'sa boy. 

Dr. PennellBlsco, whohasanM. D. aswellasa Ph.D., was in charge at 
delivery and talked to reporters between sips of champagne in the 
dressing room after the operation. 

"What can I say? We've got the Nobel prize sewed up, right boys?" 
The "boys"-three geneticists, two veterinarians, two medical doctors, 

an anesthesiologist and a biochemist-screamed their agreement. 
Bisco described the man-ape as looking like a Greenwich Village 

Bohemian-a full head of hair, pubic hair and aVan dyke moustache-
beard. He attributed this phenomenon to complementation of similar 
growth characteristics of both species. 

"As for how we overcame the problems of interspecies fertilization, 
I'm afraid we can't be very specific. You see, we're in competition with a 
similar project being done at Harvard. 

"I can tell you one particular, though. After we did what we had to do 
with the female ape, we carried her up to the Revelle campus and put her 
in a room in Argo Hall where a party was going on. 

"About two in the morning we went back to the room and carried her, 
still unconscious, to the hospital. Sure enough, nature had taken its 
course, though it was a mighty harrowing experience." 

For whom, one reporter wanted to know. 
"For both," said Bisco. 
"Hey, Bill," Bisco called out to one of his colleagues, "What was it that 

guy said when we woke him up?" 
Bill smiled and walked over to the reporters. "Uh, let's see . . . oh yeah. 

He said, 'Great apes, my butt! Fair, maybe, but not great.' " 
The unlikely birth of Sam Simian at this institution of higher teaching 

may have solved some biological problems, but it raises even more 
important ethical questions. 

For instance,' should Sam be reared among apes or among men? Or 
should he be reared in Del Mar as a compromise? 

Further, if he learns to speak-the doctors say he has human-like vocal 
cords-should he be sent to school? How will his classmates accept him? 
Will he be happy? 

And what about his table manners? 
Bisco, who also teaches a course in money management and in-

vestment counseling at UC San Diego's medical school, says the answers 
aren't available. Not cheaply, anyway. A frown came over his face as he 
detailed what needed to be done, apropos Sam and future man-apes. 

"Obviously, this is a new problem and needs much research before we 
can safely and conscionably move forward. We have the answers-or will 
soon have them-as far as the physical aspects are concerned. The ethical 
questions raised by this advance, though, will require massive federal, 
state and local spending before they are answered. 

Continued on Page 7 

THE AMERICAN 
TRIBAL LOVE·ROCK 

MUSICAL 
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK CITY 

BOOK & LYRICS: GEROME RAGNI 
JAMES RADO 

MUSIC: GALT MAC DERMONT 

FULL ORCHESTRA & CHQRUS 
SPECIAL 

LIGHTING EFFECTS _ ... _ 

• 

Friday, March 5,1971 

Coop Has Heated Discussion On 
SBPC, Committee Questions ' 

by Ken Stipanov 
StaHWriter 

Discussion of the UC San Oiego 
Student Lobby Annes question 
broke into a heated debate on the 
t;ooUnued participation rl UCSD 
studerts on statewide committees 
at the meeting of the Student 
Cooperative, Monday ~. 

The debate grew out of a 
discussion of the lobby annes 
question by Marco LiMandri and 
his presentation of a critique ci the 
Student Body Presidents CoIDICU 
(SBPC), which he wrote after he 
resi&ned from the SBPC in Oct. 

It was not the first time the Coop 
had considered LiMandri's paper, 
which calls for the abolition of the 
SBPC ana the substitution of a .. -
person council composed of 
students drawn specifically from 
various ethnic backrounds. 

SpUtUrged 
In response to a question, 

LiMandri indicated he also 
proposed the withdrawal fonn aU 
statewide committees. 

Three factions emerged at the 
meeting: those .who agreed. with 

House Advisor applications for 
Muir Co ll ege are now being ac-
cepted. The first step is to get a 
referra I from the Student 
Employment Office, MC 210. 
Applicat ion deadline is March 19. 
For more information, contact the 
M uir Residence Halls Office, Muir 
Apartments, e~t. 4200. 

The Reve lle Res ident Dean's 
Office' is beginning the process of 
recruiting Res ident Advisors for the 
1976/ 77 academic yeor. Specific 
r~quirements for employment 
include a minimum GPA of 2.0, 
sophomore class standing, a 
thorough knowledge of Revelle 
College lower division 
requirements and no involvement 
in a drama or intercollegiate 
athletics. All interested candidates 
should apply at the Employment 
Office. For more information, 
contact the Revelle Res ident Deon's 
Office at X3025. 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 
DICK RAKOW 281-4588 

UMandai, those in disagreement 
and those who advocated setting up 
alternatives before ending ties 
with the SBPC and the committees. 

SWve Lopez said that wit& 
drawing from the SBPC would 
force the establiAhment of "real 
political ties with the UC c0m-
munity". 

The Coop was then ~utiooed by 
Steve Petsch not to cut ties with 
statewide conunittees without 
some coocrele alternatives to 
them. 

Fred Speck, Statewide External 
Affairs co-coordinator and UCSD'. 

co-re~sentitive to the SBPC, said 
it would be dangerous for the Coop 
to make a decision to cut ties with 
all statewide committees because 
of the unsure power of the Coop. 

Ruth Quirk suggested holding a 
referendwn on the question to 
insure the legitimacy of the move. 

The matter is to be further 
considered next week. 

In other actions the Coop ap-
proved $2,883 in BudgeVResource 
Group (BRG) budget allocations. 

Petach, the acting BRG coor-

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
AtTENTION ALL MUIR 

GRADUATING SENIORS: It's not too 
late. Please turn in your senior 
questionoires by Friday, March 12. 
The collection bo~es are located at : 
The Cluster Library, Central Library. 
ot the reference desk Cilnd the Muir 
Deon's Office. If you did nol 
receive a questionaire in the mail 
please pick one up in the Muir 
Dean's office. 

There will be a plaza party on 
Revelle Ploza this Sunday from 
1 :30-4:30. Everyone welcome. This 
event is sponsored by the Revelle 
Hall Chairpersons. There will be 
music, food, cotton candy, ... 

Stress and Diseose--Come hear 
the latest research on the subject, 
w ith Dr. Gront M .D., and Dr. Gerst 
M .D. at the Veterans 
Admin is tration Hospital on 
Wednesday, March 10, 7 :30 pm in 
Hospitol conference room . 

HIGH QUALITY 
SECRETARlALSERVICE 

In Mission Valley 
Speclallzlng In Thesis Typing, 

Reports, Manuscripts, and 
Business Work 

280-3343 

FRIDAY MARCH 5 

dinator, said there was only $7000 
left for Spring quarter allocations. 
He indicated there was some 
alann that $7000 would not be 
enough money for programs in the 
spring. 

No concrete action was decided 
on the matter. 

Fred Speck 

Baja Natural History E~pedi t i on : 
spring vacotion, March 21 -27. 7 day 
cruise aboard the 95 foot vessel 
Searcher, 600 miles south along 
Ba ja's western coast to Son Ignacio 
Lagoon, favorite breeding ground 
of the grey whales. E~ploratio n of 
Baja's Pacific Islands : Cedros, Son 
Benitos and San Martin. Obser-
vation and study of grey whales, 
elephant seals, harbor seals, sea 
lions, killer wholes, pel icons, 
osprey, intertidal marine life, 
desert plant communities. For more 
information, contad Dr. Fronk 
Rokop, Department of Biology, BB 
2254 or X4770. Space Is limited. 

The coop Book E~change needs 
books to be used for classes ne)(t 
quorter. Bring them by--our hours 
are Mondays, Wed nesdoys, 
Thursdays 10-3, and on Tuesdays 
and Fr idays 11 : 2. Come on by and 
browse. 

·COP1ES· . 
31L4 10 /1. .1 ••• 
_lie J LOCATICIIM 

1_% liB ...... '. 
., .. ~& ... 117~1. _ 

PhantoIIl of the Paradise 
starring 

paul williams 
"He sold his soul for rock and roll" 

USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 pm $1 

SATURDAY MARCH 6 
The Battle of Algiers 

"A devastating film of national liberationj all staged but 
indistinguishable from documentary. A leader in the genre 

of political cinema." 

USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 pm $1 

Friday, March 5, 1971 • rl.c .... 1 nK'S 
Comic Sahl Here on Tuesday 

Social satirist and critic Mort 
Sahl, a master of verbal im-
provisation, will perfonn at 8 p.m. 
Tuesday, March 9, in the Man-
deville Auditorium at UC San 
Diego. 

In a sense, Sahl Is not an en-
tertainer at all; rather, he Is a 
journalist, verbally illuminating 
the absurdities and maladies rl 
society and politics through his 
keen obIerVation and wit. No 
individual, group or institution is 
safe from the humorous sting of his 
verbal barbs. 

He holds attendance records at 
every club he has played over the 

. last two decades, from the HlJlgry i 
in San Francisco to the Las Vegas 
Hilton. 

Sahl says America not only 
needs a social critic, it demands 
one. "There should be 50 guys 
doing and saying what I am doing 
and saying. I never expected to be 
here all by myself," he states. 

Since Sahl began his satirist 
career in 1953, he has chalked up 
an impressive list of "firsts." 

These include being the- first 
comedian to win a Grammy 
Award; the first entertainer in-
vited to address the NationaiPress 
Club in Washington, D.C.; the first 
political satirist to have his own 
syndicated television show; the 
first comedian to cover the 
Republican and Democatic 
National Conventions as an ac-
credited correspondent; and, 
surely not least, the first en-
tertainer to write speeches for a 
President of the U.S.-John F. 
Kennedy. 

, His Latest LP 
rI~EI3I~D 

th ~~; 

,,;t'%l?r
n

;;!\.. ~~~~i~~~~!: ~~i~~db1~~n~~?t~~ 
fl~t 13 l~D \ into a c~~~!~~~~~~o~\~11~~:1 

AND ALL 

it 

nOli 
Records 
and Tapes 

THE GREAT 
TOMITA 
ALBUMS 

01 

77 
Per lP 
4~,pe 

------- Herryl SlIts tn_Fri. Mlrch IZ. 1975 ---------1,. 
IilllAn. LOS AIIGll£S SAil fERlIAIlDO VAllEY 
......... 17401 Bellflo"er BI~ 866·0955 Clllati Pd 6559 Top.nil Cyn Blvd 8848234 
IIIwIIer l12lS lIkewooO BI~ 862·8414 ElKino 18m Ventu ra Blvd 996·4330 

8878 Sunset Bt~ . 65H221 llerth IIIIIJwM 12012 VICtory Btvd 985./900 
.... 18142 Sherman Way 996·6600 

.... 24S E filth Stlttt 436·2139 
__ .., 16107 Htlltllorlll! Bhid . lJwndlle 370·7277 
,-3822 SePUIwdI BhcI 11B400 SAIl IiAIIIEl VAllET 
... LA. 11876 WIlshire Bhd 477.7400 ... Cllilll loo8 Garvey Ave 962 ~888 
SM DIlGO OIIAIIiI COUll" 
PlCltic INch 1321 Glrne Awe (714) 210 515Q ....... 621 W Lincoln (71 4) 17 5898 
........... 5667 Balboa BI~ (71 4) 5605898 c.t ...... 1813 Ne"oorl Blvd (71 4)645 

IiIIIItn ~ 12122 8rookhur st (/1 4) 635 
s.t. All. 1212 Soutl\Brrstol (71 41545 5269 

PageS 

Indian Art Set For March 
The Triad Gallery is opening a new show of lithographs by Nancy Steen 

this weekend, with the show running through March. Lithographs by 
American Indian artist Fritz Scholder are now on display along with his 
paintings and drawings at Orr's Gallery in San Diego. 

A group show of San Diego artists from the Artist's Cooperative will be 
exhibited through March 28 at the Designbank Gallery. And for a final 
gallery note , a beautiful show entitled "The First Americans", which is 
composed of photographs and text on the cultures of more than thirty 
Indian tribes by Edward S. Curtis, is now being shown in the Main Lobby 
of the San Diego Public Ubrary. 

I happened to overhear on the late KFSD .Tazz program that the Center 
for Women' Studies and Services is planning a show of women artists in-
the near future, and is looking for wom~n interested in displaying their 
work. 

For those of you who are jazz enthusiasts as myself, this week holds 
some interesting events as well. Freddie King will be playing the blues at 
the Backdoor, SDSU, this coming Wednesday, March 10 at 7:30 and 10 
p.m. Lana Cantrell sings at the Catamaran Hotel March 9, at 9 and 11 
p.m. Unfortunately, you must be twenty-one to get into the 
Catamaran ... and you must have a valid LD. to prove it. 

In the Theatre Arts: "The Good Woman of Setzuan", the Bertolt 
Brecht play, will be performed nightly at 8 pm, except Monday, through 
March 14 in the UCSD Matthews Campus Theatre. Tickets are available 
at the UCSD Theater Box office. The National Shakespeare Company 
will perform the comedy "Much Ado About Nothing", in the Golden 
Gymnasium of the Point Loma College, March 11, at 8 pm. 

My apologies to Shirley Anne Williams as I erroneously stated that she 
would be holding a reading of her poetry last Wednesday. Williams will 
be reading her works this coming Wednesday, March 10, at 4 pm at the 
Revelle Informal Lounge. If you've never been to one of the poetry 
readings on Campus, do try to getto this one .. . I guarantee it will be worth 
your while. 

Campus Talent Featured 
In Musical Events 

The UC San Diego Department of style. Only 30 years old, Thomas 
Music will sponsor three separate Pastieri, first recipient of a doc-
concerts during the next few days. torate degree from Julliard, has a 
They will feature department ' dozen operas to his credit, not to 
professors Jean-Charles Francois, " 
John Large, and Thomas Nee. 

Tonight, as part of the Friday 
Evenings in Del Mar series, per-
cussionist and pianist Francois will 
play at the St. Peter's Church. He 
will perfonn Charles Wuorinen's 
"Janissary Music," a contrapuntal 
work using four sources; 
marimba, vibraphone, 12 mem-
branes, and 12 metallic surfaces. 
In addition, Francois will perfonn 
Morton Feldman's "King of 
Denmark," Netty Simon's "Silver 
Thaw," Keith Humble's "Treat-
ments," and his own " Zooshrr." 

Tomorrow night at ei~ and 
Sunday afternoon at three, Thomas 
Nee will conduct the La Jolla 
Civic/University Orchestra and 
Chorus. On the program will be 
Jean Sibelius' Symphony No. I , 
Verdi's "Stabat Mater," "Te 
Dewn," and Overture to "La 
Forza del Destino." The 150 voice 
chorus will be conducted by David 
Chase. 

The UC San Diego Young Opera 
Theater which delighted audiences 
with perfonnances of the MAGIC 
FLUTE is offering two chamber 
operas-in-the-round, directed by 
John Large, Tuesday, March 9 and 
Thursday, March 11 at 8 c'clock in 

Jean-Charles Francois 
mention 400 songs, several choral, 
orchestral and plano works, plus 
numerous vocal works with varied 
instrumental accompaniments. 

In addition to providing a 
showcase opportunity for young 
artist-singers to perfonn, the 
UCSD Opera Studio, according to 
John Large, director, attempts to 
emphasize neglected but excellent 
one-act repertory especially suited 
to young, lyric voices. 

Mandeville Recital Hall. Edl· tor Wanted Vaughn Williams' RIDERS TO 
THE SEA, a classic miniature 
music drama based on a one act 
tragedy of the same name by J.M. 
Synge, is contrasted with a new 
opera buffa, SIGNOR DELUSO by 
Pasatieri, based on Moliere's play, 
Sganarelle. 

Sets and costumes for the two 
productions, to be sung in English, 
were designed by Dan Dryden of 
the UCSD Drama Department 
faculty; special lighting eHects 
will be accomplished by Frans 
Klinkenberg, production engineer 
for UCSDI Arts and Lectures; 
gifted young San Diego pianist, 
Peter KairoH, wlll be accompanist. 

British composer Ralph Vaughn 
Williams, who died at the age of 16 
in 1958, wa. best known for the 
extent and variety rl his works, 
composed in 8 highly personal 

The Triton Times is now ac-
ce pting applications for the 
position of Arts Editor, effective 
Spring quarter 1976. We are 
seeking to broaden the scope of the 
department to include many 
fonnerly overlooked areas of mass 
culture, and would like to hire an 
Arts Editor with a similar ouUook. 
We of course would prefer to work 
with sumeone who has background 
in the Arts and some familiarity 
with iJroad-spectrwn criticism. 
Duties "'"""" •. 'CIeMinetinc • staff 
of writers and reviewers in ad-
dition to strenuous editing. Will 
train. Small salary. ~III\IC<l . Apply 
in person to Daniel ShaWlel' or 
John Taylor at the Triton Times 
office, 117 Blake HaU, and attend a 
meeting next Wednesday at 3 pm. 



Pagel • rl.oll .1111('8 Friday, March 5, 1976 

RiYON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
LOST Mon .• 3/1 , TUROUOISE BRACELET. 
Much sentimental value . PLEASE call 45~ 
0921 Amanda (315) 

MAn the Triton nmes has your keys. I'm 
' sorry. Thank you for your help. Mary (315) 

LOST btue bound lab notebook 2126 Chem 

1970 Honda 450 New electrical system , 
engine recently rebuilt. Good deal! 5575. 
Call Ed at 75~5724 (315) 
Turntable tor sale BSR McDonatd 510 ax wi 
ADC cart. Extnt. Cond. $SO, 453-8604 • Rick 
(3112) 

75 Dodge Van 6 cyt 5 pass 3 bucket seats on 
wall behind dri • . table , cpt , pan., A.C .• 
stereo tape 454·5965. (315) 

143A catl THERESE LLANES 582·2111 or , Skis for sale Hexcet 21 0, K2·3 207, ROC GTX 
~eturn to TT off ice IMPORTANT (315) 170, Har free 190 K2 & Lange boots 45~7367 

LOST Rob Simon (pat. pend .) in the area of 
the gym hill about 4th week , If found d ispose 
of prope<ly (315) 

LOST a manilla envelope with all my drama 
plays in It. Has " Get thai script back" on 
outside, Please return to TT office as soon as 
possible. Lost last Sunday night at gym. 
coffee hut orHL. (3/5) 

(315) 

Stereo: Harmon·Kardon 330A, Iwo 15 Inch 3 
way speakers e.cnt condo 5200 Paul 755·3805 
(318) 

Pioneer PL10 turntable Pickering VIS car· 
tridge good condition 56Q Oavid Smith 452· 
9353 (315) 

Car stereo: Pioneer 6·track amlfm , fm stereo 
LOST al Muir ball courts silver & black S.H. with speakers New SI50, yours for $t 00 . 755. 
grad ring with clear stone & initials T . R. Call ' 0620 (315) 
TOdd 453-1229 (315) 

LOST 1972 Torrance H . S. ciass ring ; blue 
slone. Initials A. B. Please return·reward call 
Andrea 452·6515 (315) 

LOST • Distraught sludent lost HP21 
calculalor (Idenliflable by missing ligr.t In 
third digit) No questions. Call Wendy 755· 
2191 (3/8) 

fOR SAlE 
Brand new Hobie surf board 7'2" lightening 
bolt· Mickey Munoz Shape $95 or beSt offer . 
755-5437 (315) 

Babysitter needed days 6 am·4 pm . Le...::ad la 
house block tm beactr· take kids to beach . 
S 175 me . 755-5437 (315) 

"66 Buick Special V6 new tires , brakes 
dlependable transportation . Gall Karen 755· 
5437 (315) 

DRUMS: Vou won 't believe the story behind 
them . Full set nearly perfect condition Call 
Dave aI755-5962 (3112) 

Harman I Kardon 75t stereo or Quad , SO watts 
channel . S300 or offer. Call John Leave 
message. 453-6398 (3/5) 

r 
.::-.::. 

-::u:;::: .. : 

2050m SKIIS. size 10 med. HENKE buckle ski 
bools . poles-all for SJ5.oo 453·5151 Tim 
(3/5) 

Snow skis·K2 camps wllh bindings 207cm 
Please I need tu ition . only $60454·6435 Mark 
(315) 

63 Merc Monterrey must sell immed . very 
good cond overall . make offer 755-8008 (3/5) 

1960 Ford PU new clutch . shocks. tires. 
slarter. rad iator . runs great. besl over 5450. 
452·8972 (3/8) 

74 Honda CL200 excellent condition 70 mpg 
extras $650 48tH 419 (311 0) 

Fairing for Honda 350 $40. 452·8972 (3/!!) 

72 Honda CB175. 4800 miles . electric start . 
excellent condition, just tuned $475 or best 
offer 454·7416 (3/5) 

housiNG 
For rent single room in Del Mar house 343 9th 
Street or 755-6395 (3/10) 
Female roommate needed sp qtr beautiful 
Del Mar apt. Vz blk. beach on coast cruiser 
routeS88mo.755-7238(315) 

Female roommate to sh .. e new age house In 
Cardiff. S90lmonth Includes all amenities. 
We are Diane. David. Robert. & Kevin . 436-
3516 ~315) 

Rmmt Wid $l)r Qt .. nloe MB apt tlsnsp no prob 
right on beach greet view 4118-7677 (315) 

Female roommate from April 1 to July 31 . 
FurniShed room in 4·ptex, S90/month. Call 
Donna at 22~1228, (315) 

Rmmats wanted . own 1m In fine , older. hse In . 
'Sol. Bch , 582.SOlmo , Available Now. 453-
9377 (3/5) 

Rommate wanted. own room in Genesse 
Highlands. 2 ml to UCSD $67.501 mo. 
Available Now. 453-9377 (3/5) 

Own room in house for rent 566. 751 month . 
Clairemonl. Available 4/1/76 . 272·9932 Best 
after 5 (3/121 

For rent PB duplex 1 brSl65mo. unfurn , Call 
X2742 leave message, or 488-6045 or 488· 
7900 (3/5) 

Own room in 3 txlrm house near Windansea 
beach next quarter $100 monih nonsmoker 
454·92t 0 (315) 

Female roommate wanted PB cottage 3 blks 
from ocean own room fum ished $100 & '(, 
util. call 488-0237 morn leve (3IB) 

F roommale needed spr qtr $68 mo beautiful 
Del Mar apt 'h blk beach on coast cruiser 
route 755·7238 (3/8) 

TRAVEL 
EUROPE. ISRAEL. Orient . N.V . TGC Low 
cos t flight s, 1436 S. La Cienega BI , LA 
90035 .(714)735·961 8 or (213)652·2727 .(3/12) 

Instant lelephone coni irma lions on all 
roundtrip charters and tours to Europe 
($339). Hawaii ($169), New Vork (5169). 
Orient ($437). Mexico (S199) and the Midd le 
East . Oneways available. Plus new, In· 
dependent experimental tours . For 24 hour 
in formation I reservatlons call collect 
Westeoast student travel counsel AVCO 
Center suite 790. looSO Wilshire Blvd . LA 
90024 . (213)475-6865 . Book no laler than 65 
days be lore departure ,(3/12) 

Spring break in sunny San Bias Me.ico 
$76 .50 for trans and lodging sign up in rec 
gym olllee (3/5) 
EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTIER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS . BOOK EARLV. CIEE· 
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSO 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEK· 
DAYS 12·4pm. 452·00:'>.(3112) 
EUROPE, ISRAEL· Student flights yeal 
round. ISCA. 11687 San Vicente Blvd., 114 , 
LA, CA 90049 . (213)826·5669 or 826-
0955 .(3/12) 

Ski Where the snow is. Crested Butte Colo. 
Spring break with the Ski Ctub $149. Tickets 
Studlent Center box offioe . 

Ski Tahoe SJ5 3 days lodging & car fare 5 
days Utah 5110 lor everything 453·7367 (315) 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. Save up to 
SO peraent Apri l· Oct. 2, 3, 4,5.6, wk flltes 
weekly , PLUS 7·24 week fl ighls often . BUT. 
limited space on long & summer IIlghl$. 
Phone your San Diego headquarters for 
charters since 1961 , no lower prices with 
safety (trust ' accounts .) We are your 
prolesslonal charter and travel experts. 
Phone 29 t ·8t 41 . S-5 pm , Draper World Travel 
(3/12) . 

WANTEd 
Need extra cash? Buying old U,S. coins . Al so 
buying U.S. sliver coins m inted belore 1965. 
Ken , 453.7924 .(3112) 

Indep . study studlent needs latin tutor or 
wheelOck lessons 16-30. Desperate! Scali 
Lori 452·8301 . (3/5) 

Models wanted for life drawing class · male 
of female . Students welcome il serious . Bill 
436-0709 (3/ 8) 

Toy Vac·u· form· Mattel needed lor use in 
costume sho p and by student call THERESE 
582·21 tl eve & wknd (3/5) 

Wanted: Good home lor (A) pet RAT (with 
cage) (8) pet RABBIT (with cage) Please call 

45~4999 (315) 

Mechanic wanted to lake engine out of car. 
82 Rambler. Call lloyd 461 ·9314 or 452·2519 
(315) 

Sincere, aspiring s'alvite seeks instruction on 
offering Pula. Please call Jack 452·9491 (315) 

SINGING TEACHER . JewiSh Sun , school. 
Meel8 on UCSO campus . 453~74 , mor· 
nlngs/evenings, (315) 
Resealch Asst with city of S: O. 20 to 40 
hrs/wk. requires creativity. enthusiasm 
S3.25/3 .91lhr2:J6·5698 (3 15) 

• SERVICES 
STEREO REPAIR . Student with professional 
Iraining .,d experience In stereo repair, 
offers greatly reduced rates to lhose on 
,studenl budgets. Repairs made on all makes 
and models. amps, preamps, receivers, 
tuners , tapes . and tables . Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE, Call im· 
mediately lor free estimate and or problem 
consultation . Call 291·!)g27 . (3/12) 

Learn exciting folk dances Irom India exp 
teacher serious students only M&F 452·1 01 B. 
(315) 

II you want to take private lessons in French 
or Spanish from a language professor. call 
234-0391 X205. Alclde Tremblay No. 205, 
1 ~23 5th Avenue. San Oiego Ca . 92101 (3/12) 

Typ,s t· IBM term paper , theSis , dissertation . 
etc. editing, rush jobS. xerox 560-8171 . 452· 
1588, (3/12) 

Typing·papers. thesis, etc . fast . accurate & 
reasonable! 452·41448-5 p.m . tBM Selectric 
Kathy . (3/5) 

Watch & Jewelry Repair, rings sized. Guar 
work by Lie leweler. Student prices 453-1207 
(3/5) 
BiolChem clinic will be open the weekend 
belore Iinals week : Sat Mar 13 thrQugh Man 
Mar1 512 pm· 4 pm (3/12) 

Brong your last·minute Biology or Chemistry 
Questions to the BlolChem clinic! (3112) 

PERSONAls 
John Lloyd Fust : Happy Birthday . May you 
drink until you drop tonight . Your bosom 
buddy. (3/8) 

You Oucjd To ... 
Look Whafs There I 

0(\ ~' 
PHONE ABOUT FREE USE 

o~ OUR PRIVATE DININ. 
ROOM FOR YOUR 
BANqUETS, MEETINIS .. 
AND PARTIES. 

and such a varied rrl8nu ... 
C HK:KE~} C oltl\) orJ -me- c06, ll\ILI, ONIO~ RJ Nlis I SAt-ADS, 
GR.O()IJ~ STEAK, CU\M. CIlooL.j~E~ ,FRE'~H F~IE'SJ DRltJK} 

~ RI~~ ':':i-!\M;S) \;k-lE I BEEP..) BoI'JKcb DHI4t-\T E'~) 
... MD MUCH MO~E' ! 

(JJl ~ (P,TCHERS TO~) 
••• AND A 6AM[ ROOM W\TH PINBALL, POOL TABLES, ETC. 

Boo 
1828 G-ARNET PACIF"IC BElCH') 

Friday, Marcb 5, 1976 

: ... .: ... 

Tennis Team Drops 
Opener to arossmont 

:;:;: 
.',. V~Ball ~tops Unbeat en Fullerton =:: 

By Evelyn Barata 
Staff Writer 

In a best of nine match the women's tennis team dropped its season's 
opener to Grossmont 5-4, in an away meeting last week. 

The overall match was decided in the singles competition as Grossmont 
captured aU but one of the six match-ups. 

Kim Hom, playing nwnber two for UC San Diego, was· the lone singles 
champion for the Tritons. Hom took her match in two sets, 7~, 6-2. 

Janet Taylor, playing the top position for the Tritons was edged in three 
sets 6-4, 1~, 6-3. "It was a good match. Both players have strong games 
and there were many very nice points," noted UCSD coach Chris Matt-
son . 

Lowell Hyde and Hom, playing in the top doubles spot for the San 
Diegans and J a net Taylor and Dianna Cobb, as the number two com-

Julie Jorda n , here display ing her forehan e,. gained one of 
UC S O's points in a 5-4 loss to Grossmont, by teaming with 
Dana W ooster for a doubles w in. (TT Photo ; B ill B rooks) 
bination, both took their matches in t hree sets. As the overall match had 
been determined in the singles, lie breakers were played instead of the 
third set, due to darkness. 

UCSD's J ulie J ordan and Dana Wooster, finishing before dark, took 
their number three doubles 6-4, 6-4. 

UCSD coach Chris Mattson seemed pleased with her team's play. "It 
was a good showing after two false starts. Our fi rst match was called due 
to ra in and our second was rescheduled by the other school. It's hard to 
play away for the first match, but we did alright." 

Golf Team Posts 
Impressive Record 

UC San Diego's golf team, 
coached by Pat Patrick, has 
compiled an impressive 4-1 record, 
the top Triton intercollegiate mark 
this season. 

The team is led by seniors Paul 
Casaris and Kurt Bryon, and un-
derclassmen Dave ' Wienick and 
Kenzie Nicoll. Casarls is the 
number-one golfer in the squad. 
Bryon played in international 
competition while attending the 
University of St. Andrews in 
Scotland. 

The Tritons will play a total of 
fifteen matches this year against 
southland area schools such as 
Point Loma, Cal Lutheran, Azusa 
Pacific, San Diego State and 
defending district champion USIU. 
The big event of the season will be 
the Southe rn California 
Invitational which will include the 
powerful UCLA . and USC golf 
squads. The tourney will take place 
in May at the Torrey Pines facility. 

program has been the absence of a 
home golf course. The Tritons 
practice at Torrey Pines, and 
travel to Murrietta Hot Springs, 
some 60 miles, to play their home 
matches. 

UCSD travels to Murrietta on 
Friday to play cross·town rival San 
Diego State, and then will get 
ready to play Rerrenial 
powerhouse USIU. 

Baseball 
Tomorrow 

UC San Diego's varsity baseball 
team hosts Pacific Christian 
tomorrow afternoon in a 
doubleheader. The games, at the 
UCSD diamond, will begin at noon. 

The Tritons , 3-4 overall and 1-1 in 
leag ue play, lost an earlier 
decision to PC this season. 

By Ron Kato 
Staff Writer 

The Triton volleyball team, 
previously winding up on the 
losing end of tightly fought 
matches, found itself on top 
Tuesday night, as it upset top-
ranked Cal State Fullerton 16-14, 
15-11, 9-15 and 15~ . 

: UCSD who had ,extended the 
! league leaders to the fifth game 
! in their last confrontation before 
; succumbing, started superbly in 
this match as the Tritons took an 

.: early two game advantage. 
:: Undefeated Fullerton, faced 

.! with the task of defeating the 

. Tritons in the remaining three 
: contests temporarily regained its 

.. :. poise, as it downed UCSD 9·15, in 

. the third game. Fullerton, then 
down 7-1 in the early going of the 
fourth contest, seemed to realize 
the inevitability of its first loss, 
and never made a serious run at 
the Tritons. 

" I thought we played good 
!: volleyball ," commented coach 
:: Gorrell after the game, "we 
:: maintained our concentration 
,: and we did not make many 

mistakes. " Continuing he added, 
" It was a good team effort and 
there was no one outstanding 
performer but John Blumenshine 

: did play well for us." 
: Without the presence of Bob 

.. : Rhoades, coach Gorrell sub-
: stituted more often in an effort to 
. the strongest front line 
: attack . It was Pete Brown, 
: previously seeing limited action 
: as a reserve, who came in and 
:. added a little of the lost firepower 
" in the Triton offense. 
! In the first game, with the 
!Triton' s losing 11-13, Greg 
: Phillips evened up the score with 
: two perfectly placed serves 
which Fullerton was unable to 
return. After a Fullerton time 

4-College 
Swim Meet 
Tomorrow 

UC San Diego's first aMual 
intercollege swim meet takes place 
tomorrow at noon, in the UCSD 
poo\. 

All four colleges will be 
represented, with Muir, the win-
ners of last month's intercollege 
basketball classic, going for two in 
a row. 

Entries are open to everyone, but 
will be divided by college. Each 
college is limited to one entry per 
event. Fourteen events are 
scheduled, including six men's, six 
women's, and two relays. The 
relays are the 200 meter and 400 
meter races . 

Sign-ups and information are 
available in the recreation gym 
office today, or by calling 452-4038 . 

One drawback to the UCSD golf ANNOUNCEMENT 

qntimate 
designs in 
~i1ver~ ~tone 
for that special 

iIoePleban 
834 Klint $I, Ito JcIo, 
454 ·1888 CA 92037 

Do you wont to see the Student 
Center run by the students? The 
Boord of Authority (BOA) for Ihe 
Studenl Center will be on all 

CIIABTEBS 
SAVE UP TO soe;o in '76 
:UlliUII'& from S299 * 
2-34-5-6 up to 24 wks. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 915 Flights but: 
LIMIT£D SEA 15 on long 
and summer fl ights so 
book today for '76 
.. ~ to_H "-" I. _II. 

291 -8141 

D~v.~,~ 
....... ' ... 

M1s_ voilty-EqorIDb\t I:dg 
1333 Comlno "' 110 South 

S.D •• CA .2101 
• MInimum far. which ri_ de-

on dote & leng'" of fIite. 

student group to run the center. Do 
you wont to participate in the 
running of the university? Apply for 
u BOA position-- through your 
college government body or 
through the student coop--before 
the end of Ihe quarter . 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

come and hear 
Dr. John Wight, D.O. 

on 
'The Laws 

You Keep 
Keep You!' 

Th is Sunday 10 :45am 
. 715 $II.erado 

1. Jolla 

out, Phillips added another point 
before the Tritons yielded the 
service and the game tying tally 
to their opponents. With the 
sparse crowd getting edgy for a 
Triton victory, UCSD then went 
on to clinch the final two points 
for the win. 

Much to the delight of the San 

lead over the Tritons throughout 
the game until UCSD's late run of 
points. 

.:;;. 

After losing the third contest ;> 
9-15, the Tritons came back and .? 
proved they were the superior .... 
team on the court. UCSD, : 
showing a . balanced offensive . 
attack behind Blumenshine, :: 

The offense of John Blumenshine, left, (jnd Tim Myrick, 
helped UCSO to an upset victory over previously unbeaten 
Cal State Fullerton Tuesday night . (TT Photos : Nathan 
Meyers) :: 
Diego fans good defense and long 
rallies marked the performances 
of both teams in the second game . 
UCSD was able to pull out a 
victory in this contest by scoring 
five straight points at the end of 
the game behing the serves of 
Stan Tamaki. This loss proved to 
be a fatal blow on Fullerton's 
morale as they held a narrow 

.: .: 

Wendell Birkhofer and 
Myrick, and a hustling defe 
with Tamaki and John Lee, 
let up on waning moments 
their assured victory. 

The next home game for the : 
Tritons will be a week . 
tonight in a match Ub'~"'. 
State Dominguez Hills. I2rtml!!' :~:: 
time for the game to be played in 
the main gym is 7: 30. 

: " ", . 

Fencer's Finish F oiled 
The Triton fencers finished their 

regular season last weekend, 
meeting Cal State Northridge. 
Missing a chance for second place 
in the league standings, UC San 
Diego was dropped by an ex-
perienced Northridge team. 

Mike Arnall opened the af-
ternoon with a win in the opening 
match, stopping Northridge's top 
epeeist. Ken Schell was the only 
other Triton to gain an epee win, 
however, and UCSD lost 7-2. 

The action was closer in Sabre 
and Women's Foil, as the Tritons 
put up a strong effort. Going into 
the final bout of Sabre, the score 
was 4-4, but Rick Morris lost a 
tough decision in the last match. 
Morris' bout was tied up to the final 
touch. 

Low Blows • • • 

With Paula Sirola rrussmg, 
Margaret Poulson and Marci 
Sortor had to go short handed in 
Women's Foil. Poulson put 
together one of the top Triton 
battles of the aftern()on, winning a 
tough 5-4 bout, and blasting her 
final opponent 5-0. Sortor was 1-2 in 
her matches, as the women were 
defea ted 6-3. 

UCSD was downed 7-2 in Men's 
Foil, though Dave Frankville 
appeared to be at his best against 
his opponent. 

The Triton fencers leave today 
for the Western Intercollegiate 
Fencing Championships, at Long 
Beach State. The action will 
continue through Sunday, with 
perennial leader Air Force the 
favorite. 

"We need the money for this research and we need it now," he con-
. eluded. 

Bisco's colleagues in the roomapplauded him for his presentation. 
"That was the most pious, seU-serving blather I've heard since I served 

on the med school admissions interview team," one drunken physician 
cried from behind a locker. 

Another doctor left the room shaking his head saying, "I need a shovel 
for this." 

Bisco's frown split into a wide grin and he reached for the champagne. 
"See you boys at the dance," Blsco said to the reporters and left the room. 

REAT HAIRCUT FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY 

ALEX ANDROS STUDIO OF HAIR 
759 TURQUOISE STREET 

PACIFIC BEACH 

Ndtur I sun Ir' S Spt,t 
end h Ith tllms 
Org n'e cond,hon,ng 

BOdy waves 
Alros 
Eel 



Pap' 

• • • 

In ~imony Wednesday and 
yesterd ,hearing officer Robert 
Lugan i heard: 

--id ntification of alleged 
violators from among the 10 
chargE'd students by Muir Dean 
Jim Beckley, UC police officers ' 
Joseph Thornell and Bill Matt, and 
Dave Ernst, an assistant to the 
vice-chancellor for administration, 
who was accompanying Saxon 
around campus during his Nov. 25 
visit; 

-two interpretations ci a phone 
call from Saxon Nov. 26, when 
several UCSD administrators were 
asked: What were you doing 
during the demonstrations? What 
were Y0!ll" responsibilities during 
the visit? Was the Graduate 
Student Union involved? Have you 
"learned any lessons" from this? 

Chancellor McElroy has already 
testified that administrators had 
"several interpretations" of what 
Saxon meant by !'learning 
lessons," Beckley, on the stand 
Wednesday, said, "People (ad-
ministrators) were not interested 
in looking at all the . errors in 
judgements, only those made by 
students." He said he felt there 
were both tactical errors and 
errors in judgement made during 
Saxon's visit by those in charge, 

Criticism has been made of the 
decision that Saxon walk across 
campus instead of riding in a UC 
police car. Some felt the main gym 
question-and-answer session 
where students became angry at 
Saxon's responses to CIA-related 
'questions should not have been 
staged in an open, atena-like at-
mosphere. 

Ernst, who would not discuss the 
phone call from Saxon in his 
Thursday testimony until he 
cleared it with his superiors, said 
he felt Saxon was asking what 
UCSD would do to prepare for 
similar visits in the future. He said 
some ot the aspects of the events 
were handled well--the " im-
promptu walk across campus," for 
instance- and others were not ; 

-reports of a compromise offer 
to the students form Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Mfairs George Murphy. Murphy 
assured the students they would 
receive a punislunent no more 
severe than probation if they 
agreed to plead no contest. 

In addition, Murphy said that if 
his offer were accepted, there 
would be no punishment of 
students involved in the Feb. 27 
disruption. The students countered 
with a lengthy list of demands, 
ranging from disclosure of all UC 

ties with the CIA to freedom for the 
world's political prisoners. 

The entire list will be published 
in Monday's Triton Times. 

Murphy rejected the students' 
offer, saying he could not deal with 
what he termed a "shopping list" 
of demands; 

-discussion between UC counsel 
Milton Gordon and students' at-
torney Peter Sc'hey that indicated 
one of the charged students, Tomas 
Calderon, was not included in 
Murphy's letter to Schey in 
December, when the students and 
their alleged violations were listed. 

Calderon'S name, however, 
appeared on Gordon's letter. 

Anti-Semitism ... 
prejudice is used, it is much more 
likely to be used again. 

Due to this fact and because 
Jews have always been in a 
minority throughout history, anti-
semitism has become as much a 
tradition as a prejudice, they said. 

Anti-Semitism History 
The Nadlers outlined the history 

of anti-semitism. Initially, anti-
semitism was directed against the 
Jews as a nation. The Jews' land, 
in the past now, was situated in a 
vital geographical location, in the 
center of the trade routes. 

This resulted in so much strife 
that the conflicts became con-
tinuous, causing the Jews to 
become more egocentric as their 
community became their only 
protection. But this strong at-
tachment to their community 
made the Jews seem different, and 
they were hated for this difference. 

By the end of the fifth century 
AD christianity became so 
widespread that, Nadler said, 
" everyone was either a Christian, 
or dead, or a Jew." Jews were 
deprived of their citizer.ship, which 
they did not regain until the latter 
part of the 18th century. 

Without citizenship, Jews were 
forbidden to own land and could 
only reside in cities with the per-
mission of the local prince. In 
order to obtain this permission, 
they were forced to become the 
local tax collectors, a job which 
caused more hatred. 

The growth of cities and com-
merce eventually made tax 
collecting more than the menial 
job it was once considered, and the 
Jews were replaced. This forced 
them out of Europe and they 
moved east, but were blocked by 
the Russians. They eventually 
settled in Poland and the Ukraine. 

The U.c. San Diego Campus Program Board 
presents: 

April 4, Sunday, 8pm Mandeville Auditorium 
UCsD sT $3, G.A. $4 

Tickets: UCsD Box Office Info: 452-4090 

Hiltory Tem 
When the Europeans colonized 

America, they brought their an-
tisemitism with them. Nadler sa itt 
He cited history textbooks which 
excluded the contributions made 
by Jewish people to American 

, development. 
The film that was shown, "Jews 

in America," was made to fill those 
historical gaps, by pointing out 
contributions made by Jews that 
were left out by those texts. The 
film was also made to identify the 
forces opposing Jewish develo~ 
ment because, as Nadler said, "He 
who forgets history will repeat its 
mistakes. " 

Sacramento ... 
nominating corporate directors, 
recommend firing corporate 
employees who make illegal 
campaign contributions and ban 
strip mining, 

"Recently we have seen a 
number of examples of corporate 
irresponsibility in areas of 
domestic and foreign campaign 
contributions, bribes of govern-
ment officials and lack of concern 
for human rights and the en-
vironment, all in the name of 
higher profits or economic sur-
vival," Dunlap said in a press 
statement. 

The Uiliversity has taken no 
position on the bill yet. However, 
last year it opposed a . bill that 
would have created an advisory 
board to make reconunendations 
to the Regents on the voting of UC's 
common stock holdings, 

That measure, also authored by 
Dunlap, died in a Senate com-
mittee. 

Last Thursday in Los Angeles, 
the Regents' investment com-
mittee adopted an Academic 
Senate resolution urging the 
Regents to investigate the prac-
tices of other universities which 
vote . their corporate common 
stockholdings in " socially 
responsible" ways. 

Dunlap's proposal is part of a 
three-bill legislative package 
concerning social responsibility in 
corporate investment policies. 

Del Mar ... 
after the council approved the 
original yersion of the plan. Since 
that time, the plan was recalled 
and revised before being put on 
Tuesday 's ballot for the voters' 
approval. 

The proposal to recall coun-
cilperson John Weare was defeated 
by a substantial margin. 

Voter turnout was 61.9 percent. 

Guatemala Relief 
A food and clothing drive for the 

Guatemalan people affected by" a 
recent earthquake, is currently 
taking place on campus. 

Boxes for the drive, which is 
requesting canned food, clothing 
and blankets, are placed in the 
Student Center, the Third World 
Studies office at MC 410, Revelle 
plaza and CILAS, HL 1260. 

Donations will be forwarded to 
the San Diego Salvation Anny, 
which will forward them to San 
Francisco. From there, the 

• donations will t?e air lifted to 
Guatemala. 

CAPE Evaluations 
The Course and Professor 

Evaluations (CAPE) collective has 
released a list of professors CAPE 
has been unable to contact for 
evaluation of their classes. 

They are : Bio 144.-Yguerabide; 
Drama ll-Chrsitmas; Drama 13. 
Drama 5OB, Drama 53-Dryden; 
Math 2C-Campbell; Math 4C-
Body; Math80B-Rice; Music20B-
Ogdon; Music 36-Druian;Music 44 
Lytle; Music 143-Nee; Philosophy 
24--Doppelt; Sociology 171-
Blumberg; Visual Arts 189--
Farber. 

Professors who would like their 
classes evaluated should contact 
CAPE at 452-2668. 

Summer Jobs 
Summer jobs applications are 

being accepted for jobs as state 
park aids and lifeguards through 
the State Department of Parks and 
Recreation. 

Job opportunities are available 
in the Pendleton coast area. Those 
hired will work at Doheny, San 
Clementp. and San Onofre state 
beaches, 

Park Aides have a variety of 
responsibilities including main-
tenance of facilities, collection of 
fees and first aid. The starting 
salary for park aids is $3.16 per 
hour. 

High school graduates are 
preferred for the lifeguard 
positions. Applicants must have a 
knowledge of surf, ocean swim-
ming and bathing hazards, have 
physical strength and endurance 
and must be willing to work odd 
hours and holidays. 

A competitive physical 
examination will qualify ap-
plicants. This includes a 1,000 
rough water swim and a swim-run 
relay. Selection will be made on 
competitive times. 

Starting salary for a lifeguard is 

Li Mandri ... 

$4.45 per hour. The position l 
lifeguard is seasonal. 

Applications are available I 
person, or by writing, tt.t 
Department of Parks ar 
Recreati-. 3030 Avenlda d " 
Presidente, San Clemente 
California,92872. 

SIOPro ...... 
Programs on plankto 

Australia, gardening, and the lur 
of American cities will I 
presented at Scripps Institution 
Oceanography during March. 

The illustrated lectures are pa, 
of the Sumner series of gener~ 
interest programs held at 12:30 0 
Thursday afternoons in Scripp 
Sumner Auditorium. The public 
invited, without charge, ar 
welcome to bring a sack lunch. 

"Austratia and its Culture" is tt 
title of an illustrated "talk to t 
given next Thursday by Dr. Est( 
W. Nesbin, dean of library servicf 
at Palomar College. 

On March 18 James Neison, I ' 
Nurseryland, presents a 
illustrated talk on "The Joys ( 
Gardening. " 

Color slides will be shown Marc 
25 by Eugene and Marth 
Congress, to illustrate their tall 
"The Lure ofthe City." Congress l 
a member of the Photographl 
Society of America. The presel 
tation includes highlights of a rl 
visit to Washington, D.C., Ne' 
York City, and Albany, N.Y 
featuring art and architecture. " 

Books for Cons 
A Prison Bookdrop Project 

being sponsored by the La 
Student Division of the America 
Bar Association and the EA 
fraternity. 

The books that are collected wi 
be donated to the libraries at th 
Federal Metropolitan Correct4om 
Center and the San Diego Count 
Jail in San Diego. 

Book collection boxes have beel 
placed at the following campw 
locations: UC San Diego, Sal 
Diego State and California WestenJ 
School of Law in San Diego. A 
uam, the collection box is locatet 
next to the ride board at tho 
Student Center. 

The Prison Bookdrop Project i 
seeking hard-bound, and papel 
back books in any languag( 
textbooks, fiction and non-fictio 
books, but no magazines. Th 
project will continue throug 
February. 

associations throughout the state, according to Sterling. 
Many copies were also distributed by Ua;D Student Lobby An~ 

directors Steve Switala and Mala McGhee during a 1519 mile tri 
throughout California paid for with lobby aMex foods. 

Last month LiMandri requested $500 from the Statewide Externl 
Affairs committee in order to print more copies of the report. Thou@ 
Speck and SBPC co-representative Inna Munoz would not approve tr 
food request, LiMandri contends that Speck and Munoz were not the on! 
ones who could decide how to spend External Affairs monies. 

Since the refusal by Speck and Munorz, LiMandri has been a vael 
member of a Coop faction that is trying to remove UCSD from pi 
ticipation in SBPC and Student Lobby activities. This week the Coop wi 
vote " on a LiMandri-introduced resolution which would demand tI 
resignation of Munoz and Speck. 

Copies of the LiMandri report were allo mailed out on the Mutlcian 
Guild budget. This expenditure of $1.80 though quite small, is clearly I 
violation of the rules regulating reglstered student organizatiC!DS, -
cording to Bob Simon, who has been conducting an investigation for d 
Reg Fee coinmittee. LiMandrt is one of the officers of the Muslci81 
Guild. 

Bob,. Davis Camera Shop 
PbtquplUt £4 ...... ill J!a geItt 

7717 

Discount Prices 
Canon, Olympus 

Nikon, Pentax 
Sales, RefNin, &Trades, 

459·7355 


