
Moxley Sees Possible Reduction In 
Future "Density" of Doctors 

by Joel C. Don 
As oclate News Editor 

UCSD preJIled John Gutheil 
doesn't think twice about spending 
extra hours in the library to get 
those valuable points on hio; 
thermochemistry midterm. The 
constant pressure of competition 
for grades is part of the strenuous 
journey to gain admission to 
medical school. And what John 
doesn't know is that someday, he 
may have to stand in a physician's 
unemployment line. 

John H. Moxley, dean of the 
UCSD School of Medicine believes 
the role . of the physician will 
dramatically change in the future, 
and we won't need the same 

"density" of physicians. Moxley 
adds, however, we shouldn't 
necessarily see a reduction in the 
number of physicians. 

"Within the next 100 years, it is 
extremely conceivable that most, 
if not all, of the major diseases will 
be eliminated," Moxley said, 
suggesting that a better infonned, 
health-conscious public will 
decrease our medical problems. 
He concedes, however, that we will 
always have problems created by 
the environment. 

D,octors in the Future 
According to Moxley, medical 

care in the future will comprise a 
vast spectrum of health workers, 
which means the number of func-

tions - performed by today's 
physicians will be delegated to a 
number of varied professions in the 
allied health sciences. 

Presently physicians make up 10 
percent of alJ health workers, due 
to a dramatic increase in the 
number of non-physician health 
care workers in the last decade. 

As the importance of the MD 
degree is de-emphasized, will the 
status of the medical practicioner 
decline into a less glamourized or 
envied profession? 

"Physicians will always occupy 
the pinnacle," argues Moxley, 
"but we will see a broader field of 
interaction. " 

Recent government proposals 
also affe~ the medical profession. 

P~oo14 

John Moxley . Dean of the UCSD School of Medicine . 
Congress suggests the universities attempt to remedy the problem 
should not produce more through the fonnation of the 
physicians. The Carnegie Com- National Health Services Core. 
mission says no further medical The Core will provide financial 
schools should be built, except one aid for all medical students who 
proposed in Delaware. want it, through a Health, 

Moxley concurs with the Education and Welfare loan. The 
government findings. He believes stipulation of the loan is that 
that increasing the number of firJancial aid students serve in an 
physicians will not solve the health "area of need" as repayment for 
care problem. What is needed, in the aid, or pay three times the 
his opinion, is a redistribution of amount at the highest prevailing 
physicians in the rural and inner interest rate. With a minimum of 
city areas. service of two years the program 

" The concept of medical 
education involves so much ex-
pense that to educate enough 
people as physicians and have 
them equitably distributed is not a 
situation that can be pursued," 
Moxley said. He suggests that the 
Health Manpower Bill of 1976 will 

could alleviate the financial 
burden of medical school while 
providing needed health care 
coverage in the midwestern states. 

Admissions Outlook 
So you say you want to go to 

medical school? Moxley advises 
prospective medical students to 

Continued on Page 7 

Beagle Hall Residents 
Sprecheh Sie Deutsch Right to Vote vs. Private Property 

By Paul Watry 
Staff Writer 

If you hear the cry "Auf 
Deutsch, Swine!" echoing from 
one of the Revelle Dorms, don't 
think that you've caught a new 
strain of the Killer nu. It's just 
Beagle Hall, which houses the 
German donn, which are a new 
phenomenon on the UCSD 
campus. 

"A German dorm is where 
people who are interested in 

German language and culture 
can get together and experience 
the spirit of Germany," says 
Steve Northrop, a dorm 
resident. "The theory behind 
the dorms enables people to 
begin to talk and think in 
German. By getting this 
practice, learning German 
becomes much easier." 

Consis~nt German has its 
drawbacks, though. For this 
reason alone, English is 
sometimes used, though it is 
heavily discouraged. 

Mbaimal EqUaIl 
English is kept to a 

minimum," clailDl Han. 
Teuchert, the dorm's 
Residential Adviser. 
"Everyday, we "VI acttvWea 

where the residents are 
required to speak Gennan." 
The activities include dinner 
every night together, and 
soccer IllCItches each Saturday 
morning. 

"We also have a German club 
here," said Teuchert. "The club 
meets on Thursday at 8:30 pm 
and anybody who is interested 
may come and participate." 
The German club acts in con-

with the dorms to 

present lectures, films, outings 
and other activities. 

Both the club and the donns 
were initiated this year. The 
project was primarily started 
and structured by un-
dergraduate students who 
wished to improve their Ger-
man. " We started with 
nothing," explained Teuchert, 
"and then we worked up from 
there. We want the German 
dorms to be positive." 

Does the spoken German 
improve? "Well." said No~ 
rop, "the Gennan dorm is 
much different from the regular 
dorms. W. have no reason to 
feel lelf~io.. wben we 
speak Gennan. Besides, it glv. 
UI .. excuse to talk in Ger-

.. 

by Vera M.I. Todorov 
Community Editor 

Will Proposition 14, the con-
troversial farm labor initiative, 
take away the private property 
rights of farmers and stifle fair 
representation in the state 
Legislature-. or will it provide 
farmworkers with long deserved 
secret ballot elections and com-
pensation for unfair labor prac-
tices? 

Prop. 14 is designed to amend the 
Agricultural Labor Relations Act 
of 1975. Under that act, the 
Agricultural Labor Relations 
Board (ALRB) was created to hold 
secret-ballot elections for fann-
workers to choose a union to 
represent them. The ALRB is the 
first such election-policing agency 
in American agricultural labor 
history, and promised to end the 
years of headline-making violence 
in California's farmlands. 

Much of the controversy ove" 
Prop. 14 centers around an im-
portant amendment to the ALRB to 
guarantee adequate funding for the 
board. The ALRB closed its offices 
last February after five months of 
operation. It had used up its fun-
ding for the year and was denied by 
the state legislature a $3.7 million 
appropriation requested to con-
tinue operations for the rest of the 
year. 

Labor Board Irresponsible? 
The California Fann Bureau 

Federation (CFBF), which has 
organized Ule campaign for a " no" 
vote on the farmworker's 
initiative, claims that "Prop. 14 
says the Legislature 'shall' put up 
as many tax dolJars 'as may be 
necessary' to finance the ALRB -
the same board that spent its entire 
budget in less than six months just 
last year." . 

The CFBF continues, "Prop. 14 
makes it impossible for the 
Legislature to guarantee that 
California has a workable, up-to-
date farm labor law. It could only 
be changed by another statewide 
vote every two years or 8 costly 
special election. A time-
consuming, cumbersome way to 
run any government." 

Richard Chavez, brother ~ 
United Farmworkers President 
Cesar Chavez, explained the ALRB 
was not properly equipped to 
oversee the 412 elections and over 
800 Unfair Labor Practices filed 
with it. (ULPa arepievHCel fUed 

with the board by one party against 
another. The board is authorized to 
follow up on ULPs, often by holding 
hearings, and can award damages. 

Chavez in an interview last 
week, blamed the growers for the 
no vote on additional funding, 
citing their fear of seeing the UFW 
win the majority of elections, 
which it did do, by a large margin. 
"When the growers failed to get 
legislative changes made in the 
ALRA they pressured Republicans 
and rural Democratic legislators 
to vote no on the extra funds," he 
said. 

Marc Grossman, of the "Yes on 
14" state headquarters, related 
that "on Feb. 6, farmworker voting 
suddenly came to a halt; fann 
labor board offices shut down, and 
the elections staff was laid off. 

Directly to Voters" 
"Mter months of futile attempts 

to approve an appropriations bill in 
Sacramento, the UFW decided to 
bypass the Legislature and go 
directly to the voters through the 
initiative process. In a whiilwind 
29-day campaign last April, farm-
workers and their supporters 
gathered the signatures of 728,000 
California voters to qualify Prop. 

United Farmworkers Vice ·president 
Dolores Huerta [aboue) last Friday 
urged listeners in front of the Gym to 
uote for Prop . 14, the Farmworkers 
Initiatiue . [7Tphoto : Bill Brooks) 

14 for the November balJot. 
"Prop. 14 makes few changes in 

the existing law, the right of field 
access during non-working hours, 

Continued on Page 7 

Flu Vaccine to be Administered 
This Wednesday in Main Gym 

by John Haberstroh 
Staff Writer 

Why should the public be immunized against the swine flul !lOW when 
some scientists say it may not come here at all? 

The assistant director of the San Diego Public Health Department, Dr. 
Donald Ramras, warns if people don't get immunized now, public health 
facilities may be too overcrowded to immunize everyone when the wine 
flu inevitably comes in pandemic proportions. As of now, the swine flu 
virus has not arrived in the US, although public health officials say it 
should invade within three years. 

In ~976 only on~ person, a 19 ~~ar old soldier at Fort Dix, New Jersey 
has died from swme flu. Authonties are unsure whether the new swine flu 
is the same as the 1918 strain which took the lives cf approximately 20 
f!1illion people, but don't want to take chances with hat many people's 
lives. 

lnununization at UCSD wi1f be in the main gym ~'rom 1-4 pm Wed-
nesday, November 3. Two types of vaccine, one for th old or chronically 
ill and another for the general public, will be ,,_n.,... to.", ~. 
the old.will gU:'rd ag~inst both swine ~lu and Victoria flu, while everyone 
else will be tmrnUOlzed solely against swine flu. Victoria flu says 
Ramras, will definitely hit the US during the next few months, although 
fortWlately. it is not especially harmful. 

Earlier this year, 40 elderly Philadelphians died after receiving the 
vaccine. This has caused many older people to be wary of getting the 
swine flu shot. Ramru assures these people that no connection between 
the swine nu vaccines and the subsequent deaths has been found, urging 
everyone to Ie vaccinated. 



PlpZ 

u ...... 

n Igned editorials repre nt a majority opinion of the Triton Times Edltoria 
ard. which is compoS(ld of Executive editor David Elsen, Managing edito 

ark Stadler. News editor Alan Russell . Statewide editor Alec Nedelman, 
ommunity editor Vera Todorov and Opinion editor Ran Anbar. All slgne 
ate rial and artwork represent the author's opinion and do nol necessaril 

eflectthe views of the Triton Times. 

Why Not Vote 
You have seeD the bumper sticker,. "Don't vote-it oaly encourages 

them." 
Now we hope you'll disregard It. 
Assemblyman Larry Kaplloff of the 78th dJstrlct said tbat people wbo 

don't vote are "nincompoops." 
He Is right. 'ibis year's election promises more dOle nees than tbe 

Olympics. Every vote does matter. Even more lmportant is the thought 
beblad the baUot. 

Democracy equates-demaoos the participation of the people U It Is 
truly to function as a government "of the people." 

Not votl.ag means you don't care. 
Not voting means you're willing to accept the consequences-accept tbe 

mediocrity or even worse In oUice. 
Not voting means you don't have the gumption to assert yourseU. 
Let's face it. 
Not voting means you're a nincompoop. 

triton times MeDday, November 1, ~ 

Letters to t e Editor 
Prop. 4: End Unfair UC Practices 

In reading through the "Triton Times Editorial 
Board Election Endorsements" in Wednesday's 
paper, I noted a rather obvious mistake. Surely the 
Board did not really vote to defeat Proposition 4! 

Anyone who has read the many articles which 
have appea red in the Triton Times over the past few 
years concerning the University's curious business 
practices must realize the need for Prop. 4 A yes 
vote OD Prop 4 II a vote for fair educational prac- . 
tice •. 

It would require fair admissions policies for all 
population groups and would also give the 
Legislative power, U ~eded, to req~ ~he 
University to adhere to fair business practices (I.e. 
competitive bidding). 

In no way do these Changes threaten the 
University. They do not interfere with its funding or 
with its academic policies. They only give the 
peODle of California the authority to require public 
accountability for the expenditure of pubUc JuDdI, If 
the University acts In a way that shows that this is 
needed. 

Furthermore, past actions by the Uni~rslty have 
shown that sueh public accountability ~ desirable , 
If not necessary . 

A public University must operate fairly as a 
business entity, and must always seek to spend 
public funds in the most efficient way. It is the riglt 
of the taxpayer to say what that way Is. 

Now, Triton Times, isn't that what you really 
Coatlnued oa Page '1 

Prop. 14 Violates Pr.ivacy of Farmworkers 
I am voting NO on Proposition 14 

because I know what it does. It 
gives a great deal of pdwer to a 
special interest group. It does not 
" give the farmworkers the right to 
vote." They already have that 
right by law and have exercised 
that right, since Gov. Brown signed 
the ALRB bill last year. 

Proposition 14 gives " union 
organizers" the power to invade 
the property of any farmer on any 
size farm, without the owner's 

knowledge or consent. 
Union organizers are given three 

hours per day access to any farm. 
If, for example, elections are held 
on a farm and the UFW wins, the 
organizers for the Teamsters union 
could continue to " organize," 
which means work stoppage and 
possible violence between the 
competing unions. The farm 
owners will ha ve no legal recourse. 

available payroU lists containing 
the names, addresses, and social 
security numbers, to any union 
organizers without the farm· 
worker's consent. That would 
certainly end jobs for illegal aliens 
working on the farms. 

It would also end the privacy of 
any farmworker who favored the 
"wrong" lDlion, or who desired no 
W1ion at all. 

Proposition 14, if approved, 
cannot be modified in the sligltest 
way by the·legislature. A statewide 
Initiative would be required to 
change a single word or phrase. 

GOD-at UCSD ? 
Proposition 14 sets up the 

Agricultural Labor Relations 
Board (ALRB) with mandatory 
unlimited funding , by requiring the 
Legislature to appropriate funds 
whenever the ALRB decides it's 
necessary. 

Propos iUon 14 viola tes the 
privacy of farmworkers . It 
requires emplQyers to make 

Proposition 14 gives unions the 
power to Invade the rights of 
farm workers and farm owners 
alike. It establishes a bureaucratic 
outfit with unlimited funds. It 

Continued on Page '1 

Part ]I 
DR . lENO VENDLER AND DR. NORMAN GEISLER WILL DEBA TE THE TOPIC, CAN MIRACULOUS EVENTS 
OCCUR IN A SPACE· TIME WORLD? SPEC/FIC ATTENTION WILL BE GIVEN TO THE RESURRECT/ON OF 
JESUS .• AFTER THEIR PRESENTA TlONS , REBUTTALS WILL BE GIVEN BY EACH SPEAKER , FOLLOWED WITH 
QUESTIONS FROM THE AUDIENCE. THIS IS A FOLLOW· UP TO THE CAPACITY FILLED DEBATE BETWEEN 
DR. SAVILLE AND DR . GEISLER LAST APRIL 30th IN REVELLE CAFETERIA ON, THE EXISTENCE OF GOD. 

DR. lENO VENDLER, UCSD Professor of Philosophy 
Phd. Harvard University 
DR. NORMAN GEISLER, Professor of Philosophy, Trinity Evangelical Seminary 
Phd. Loyola University(Chicago) 
Moderator: Dr. Paul Salt!l1on, Vice Chancellor of Academic Affairs UCSD 

Date and Location: Thursday, November 4th Revelle Cafeteria 8:00· 1 O:OOP .M. 
Admission: FREE Sponsored by Campus Crusade 

to be Where The Action Is 
't Go Downtown· . Go To The 

oVE~r:nI~r 2 

Midnighl' 
I 

5pm 

/ 
/ 

Pro-Environment Candidates 
. 

I would like to put in a plug for envirorunentally-concerned candidates. 
Jack Tunney (U .S. Senate ) has been on the forefront of air pollution and 
energy legislation. He authored a bill to fund federal development of new 
auto engines that would' be both environmentally cleaner and energy· 
efficient. 

Locally, Roger Hedgecock (District N3), Jack Walsh ( Dist~ict H1), and 
Lucille Moore (District N2), candidates for County Supervisor (check 
your sample ballot for your district ) have all established good records in 
office on questions of coastal protection. land use, and envirorunental 
controls . 

Larry Kapiloff (State Assembly, District 1/78) has been a leader on 
energy conservation, coastline p~otection: and land use . Tn thp ~Ih 
District, Jim Cohelan is an attractive candidate, and even more so w .. ~~ 
one looks at the voting record established by his opponent (Jim Ellis) 
while a member of the San Diego City Council. Jim Ellis has been an 
outspoken opponent of coastal protection. 

King Golden (Congress, District H41 ) is tryin~ to unseat Bob Wilson,. a 
Congressman with one of the worst environmental records In 
Washington. ALAN M. SCHNEIDER 

PROFESSOR, AMES 

PROTECTlON 
Where Lions Lurk 
A Talk on Christian Science Given By 

Harvey 
w. 

Wood 

SUBJECT MAnER WILL INCLUDE: 
"God viewed os ..... and only Min4 i ... entirely ... ntwl 

univer'l. 
*Man's nativl control.ver inlurious IM .. I inflwencel. 
"H ••• Chri.tian ScIentist nett.es (this) IIIvInt po." II 

.. oral, ,hysical heall",. . 
ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT a WILL IE ADDRUSED DUliNG THE 
QUESTION & ANSWER SESSION. 

TUESDAY NOVEMBER 9th 
12:00 NOON 

in the Revelle C~mmunity Center 
(right next to the Sundry Store) 

Free Admission 
Sponsored by the Christian Science Organization 

Munday, November 1,19'71 triton times 

Letter 

Media Fails in Campaign Coverage 
I was very disappointed, though 

not at aU surprised, by the 
Editorial Election Endorsements, 
featured In the October 'Z1 edition 
of the Triton Times. Perhaps it 
should have read "Editorial 
Bored." 

No endorsement was made in the 
presidential race. This non-action 
was justified by the fact that the 
IT editors feel that neither Jerry 
Ford nor Jimmy Carter " seems to 
be the type of leader needed to lead 
America through these troubled 
and restless times." Less that fifty 
percent of the eligible voters will 
cast ballots next Tuesday. I'm not 
sure " restless and troubled" 
describes the American scene. 
Maybe " lethargic and ~tuporous" 
would be more appropriate. 

numbering as many as ten on some 
state's ballots. 

At no time bas the 'IT discussed 
the issues that are of importance to 
its readers . 

The entire media coverage of 
this campaign has been 
dlsasterous, a factor on which 
voter apathy and confusion can, to 
a tremendous extent, be blamed. 
The prtlss refuses to concentrate on 
real issues, instead wallowing in 
personality sketches, and am-
plifying minor mistakes made by 
each candidate in tbe course of the 
grueling campaign. 

to its readers in an objective, 
positive fashion, so that, based on 
this information, . the reader may 
make rational decisions. 

The Triton Times has failed 
again. 

For an American citizen to have 
an attitude of indifference 'con-
cerning elections is disconcerting. 
For an American newspaper to 
have the same attitude is inex-
cusable. 

LARRY A. LUTZ 

~""··-:·""'·"""'·"""··~··~· · ""'··~··"""'·-·l 
lCOMMUNITYI 
(BLOOD BANKl , . 
I 983 India ! , . 
I 327 F Street / , . 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes examined 
prescriptions fi l!ed 
contact lenses fitled 
repairs 

hOursmon-ln 1020 800 
sal 10·6 ClOSed sunoays 

Page 3 

And what has the Triton Times 
do ne to lift the fog of apathy from 
the eyes and minds of bewildered 
voters? They have given limited 
coverage to only three candidates, 
Ford, Carter, and McCarthy. No 
mention has been made of the 
other Presidential candidates. 

The Triton Times is also guilty of 
ignoring the gut issues of this 
campaign. Instead, the editors 
throw up their collective hands and 
say that they~are "confused, 
cynical, and sharply divided." 'IT 
readers are not the fools the 
editorial board takes them for, and 
can clearly see that this is just 
another justification for ignorance 
and apathy. A newspaper is sup-
posed to communicate information 

, PAYSDONORS ~ 
t for Service I,: sports arena blvd. 
l Mon. - Frl. 
t 233·5481 i 
; 234· 4601 : ..~ ...... - .. - •• ,," •• ~ ....... ..--..._ •• _ ....... L 

lacross from fhe sports arena) 

224·2973 224·2974 

Levrs 

YOUR VOTE CAN MA E A Di 
UNiVERSiTy STudENT, FACUlTy ANd STAff VOTERS CAN bE TilE dEcisiVE FACTOR 

iN ElECriNG A SUpERViSOR fROM rltE JRd diSTRiCT. Tltis ElECTiON win bE CRuciAL 
iN dETERMiNiNG SAN DiEGO COUNTY'S fuTURE GROWrlt pATTERNS. ROGER 
HEdGECock lIAs dEMONSTRATEd lIis COMMiTMENT TO pRESERViNG ANd iMpRoviNG 
TilE OUALiTy of LifE FOR All REsidENTS of SAN DiEGO •• 

James Arnold 
Jeffrey BarnoulD 
Jim Beckley 
Tom Bond 
Bram Dljkstra 
Sandy Dljks'ra 
Rober' Fahey 
Marvin Gerst 
Murray Goodman 

Peg Griffin 
Jean Kramer 
JospehLang 
Robert Linck 
Karen Lockwood 
David Malik 
Douglas MCIflde 
Joseph Mayer 
Hans Oesterreicher 

Michael Real 
Alan Schneider 
Marjorie Schneider 
Tom Shepard 
Kurt Shuler 
John Silber 
Richard SimON 
MeredUh Somero 
George Somero 

Hervey Sweetwood 
Susan Taylor 
John Weare 
Nancy Weare 
John Wheeler 
Kent Wilson 
Will Wright 
Robert Void 
[part lallls'] 

ROGBR HEDGECOCK 
·He helped draft Proposition 20, the Coastal 
Protection Act 
·He has represented dozens 0/ citizen's groups 
opposed 10 the special Interest, pro-growth policies 
0/ the board o/supervlsors 
oHe authored the Del Mar Campaign Disclosure 
Ordinance. the most stringent In the state 0/ 
Call/ornla 
oHe has been a leader In /Ightlng lor cost·savlng 
reorganization 0/ the county bureaucracy and a more 
responsive governmentals'",cture 

VOTE ROGER HEdGEcock TOMORROW 
FOR ColJNTY SlJpERvisoR JRd DiSTRiCT 

7itI:{9toX1t.for Sl!fU"isorCtJmmiU.ee·~06folt,1frAsurer,.PaBaxd292'J,5an])~ Ca.92138 
\ I ..... ',. • ~ • ~ • .." _' _.. , __ ,.. .. _' ". '" .. " .............. • • ... ... .. ' 

'" ~ ... , ..... _ .... _ , ... _ •• ' "..... , ,~, , .. r ... '. .... _ ~ :. • - : .'" ~.; - :..:, _:..,_ '. -;;:.... : ~ ~ ;: _ ~ , ; : '" ~, ~ .... : ' '..:. .. ~ _.: :. : _ ~ ~.' : :..: _: ' _ ,.' _ ....... , ~.. •• 



Pil e. triton times triton times P age 5 

at'sOn:l1/11/7--~~~------~ 
9-10 am - Study sklllJ class. Blda. "B" , Student Center. Infonnation from the followinj( 
~ .... ' pia ............ _ . ""dying 1 .. lbook .... ding._ 
men . . will be held in the multipurpose room, Student Center, 
Bid " 1 i'Ki Section 2 meets at 10 jlIll . Sign up at OASIS, 452-3760. 

12-t pm 6- pm - Bio-ChBc. Tutoring for undergraduates in the Sciences. 410 HL 
(basement). 

1 pm -Thesis Defense, room 202 Scripps Bldg., S10. John E. Burris will defend his doc-
toral thesis, " Photorespiration in Selected Marine Plants." 

2-3 pm - OASIS ANNOUNCEMENT. The Basics of Reading - An OASIS mini-workshop. 
The goal of the workshop will be to introduce you to techniques for improving skills in 
reading and study textbooks. Workshops will meet on Mondays and Wednesdays during the 
month of November in the Multipurpose Room, Student Center, Bldg. "B". Barbara Penn, 
workshop leader. Call OASIS 452-3760 to lIign up. 

3 pm - Meeting. Revelle RHB (Residence Hall Board). Community Center Conference 
Room. 

3 pm - Field Hockey, Muir Field. UC San Diego vs. SDSU. 
3 pm - APIS Seminar on Space Researcb and the New Astrophysics, room 2333 H&SS 

Bldg., Muir. Dr. William Thompson, "On the Cosmogonical Separation of Matter and 
Antimatter. " 

3:30 - 5 pm - Community Center, 7-9 pm Side Door. ReveUe Academic Advisors will be 
available to advise students who need help deciding whether or not to drop a class. 

3:30 pm - SIO Department Seminar. Department of the Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography present Dr. J .E. Ehrenberg, University of Washington .. Subject: Acoustic 
Assessment of Marine Resources. Sumner Auditorium. 

4 pm -Meeting. RPB (Revelle Program Board). . 
4 pm - Solid Mechanics and Structures Seminar, room 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. 

Akhilesh Maewal, "Finite Element Analysis for Geometrically Nonlinear Deformation and 
Buckling of Cylindrical Shells." . 

4 - 5 pm - Graduate Student Union Steering committee: Plans for a grad party and 
general meeting this month. Student Center Lounge Confe rence Room. 

4:30 pm - Special Cardiovascular Seminar, room 1105 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Robert 
Jennings, Duke Univ., "The Determinants of Irreversible Ischemic Damage to the 
Myocardium. 

4:30pm - Volleyball, RecGym. UC San Diego vs. Mira Costa. 
5 pm - CPB pop events subcommittee meeting. Vice Chancellor Conf. Room, Bldg. "B", 

Student Center Complex. 
6 - 9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Rap orienta tion (all welcome), at 7 pm Counsel).ing, in-

formation, appointments x2669. Student Health. 
5 pm - Student Center Board Meeting. Student Center . 
6:30 pm - Student Cooperative meeting. North Conference Room, Student Center. 

7 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. Everyone is invited to attend. Revelle 
Informal Lounge. 

7 pm - Meeting for UCSD Chapter of Society for Creative Anachronism. Gamcroom Conf. 
Room. 

7 :30 -11 pm - Chess Club Meets. All are welcome. Revelle Coffee Shop. 
7: 30 pm - Advanced meeting for all Transcendental Meditators : Integration of the Fifth 

State of Consciousness in Daily Life, Part II. Revelle Formal Lounge. 
8 pm - Israeli Fold Dance club. 8-9 review, 9-10 :30 dances by request. Rec Gym Conf. 

Room. 
9:15 pm -Movie "Citizen Kane". 5&Dime. Free . 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration [NOAA]. For further information 

concerning this organization and to sign up for an interview, please come into the Career 
Planning & Placement Service, Student Center Complex, Building B. . 

USC - Graduate School of Business. For further information concerning this organization 
and to sign up for an interview, please come into the Career Planning and Placement Ser-
vice, Student Center Complex, Building B. 

8: 30 am - Meeting. RCCA (Revelle Committee on College Mfairs ). 
12 -4 pm & 6 -9 pm - Bio-Chem Clinic. Tutoring for undergraduates in the Sciences. 410 HL 

(ba ) . 
2:30 c minar, room 2313 AP&M Bldg., MUir. Dr. John C. 

Wheat ey, ropose Expenme on He." 
3-5 pm - Vocational Counseling Sessions. F or students concerned about thei~ occupational 

or vocational futures . Also, for students concerned or confused about their major. Advanced 
appointments required . Call 3755 or 3490 for appointment. Robert Davanaugh , Ph.D. leader. 
Revelle Counselor'S Office. 

3: 30 pm - Field Hockey, Muir Field. UC San Diego vs. Grossmont. 
4 pm - Special Space Physics Seminar. Speaker: Dr. Rajean Grard, Europ.ean. Space 

Research and Technology Center. Noordwijk , The Netherlands. TopIC: ApplIcations of 
Electron Emitters in Space. Location: MH 3405 (Physics Conference Room) 

4:30 - 5:30 pm - Women 's Caucus, staff & faculty organization. Meeting to form com-
mittees and plan future programs. International Center. 

5 pm - Politjoumal meeting. Deadline for submissions Jan. 14. HL 2550. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counselling information and appointments x2669. Student 
Health. Rap orientation (all welcome), at 7 pm. 

5 pm - Women', Tennis Team (Intercollegiate) organizational meeting. AP&M 2250. 
5 pm-l am - E:.nCTIONS NIGH!. EDNA partici~atin~ with Fourth College and Poli Sci 

dept. EDNA will hive TVs, munchIes, a band and d~ner 1D the Studen~ Cen.ter Lounge and 
Bldg. "C". Then ill be an analysis of all congressional, senate, preSIdential races by the 
Poli Sci 10 class. 

6 pm-7 :30 pm - S.A.T.C.H. weekly meeting. We str ongly urge students interested in 
Community HeaEh delivery to attend. TLH 104. 

7 pm - Union 0 Jtwish StUuell~ , planning tnp.cting. AP§tM2226. . 
7 pm - 10 pm - Balkan Folk Dancing : 7-8 beginners, 1Hl : 3U Intermediate , 8:30-10 dances by 

request . Please r 0 new locatIOn : U:SJ:S 3010. z:; cents students/50 cents non-students. 
7 pm - First Tf alP meeting of Men's Rugby. 2250 AP&M. 
7:30 pm - Bahli Fireside - Bahaullah has brought the ingredients to unite the world .. the 

Bahai Faith. An:'ope interested in the recipe is invited to the Fireside at the International 
Center. 

7:30 pm - Documentary film " Men's Lives" .. on masculinity in America, by Josh Hanig 
and Will Roberts. Montezuma Hall, SDSU. F REE. 

8 pm - ATOMIC CAFE - forum for outrageous, creative events. Sponsored by the UCSD 
Music Department. Mandevllle Center Recital Hall. Free. 

Proctor and Gamble Company. For further infonnation concerning this organization and 
to sign up for an interview, please come into the Career PlaMing and Placement Service, 
Student Center Complex, Building B. 

9-10 am - Motivational Workshop. For students who feel very lethargic and urumOIL!valec 
acadiiii1mically}'h im of the works will be to help the student become more 
and __ _ ...,... ursuits. Hugh Pates, Ph.D. and 
Kava h . .-.A. Office. -

Noon - U;nchtlme coaceri. UCSD Jazz En mble. Alcove, first basement, Mandeville. 
Noon - UCSD Staff Association, Mandeville Recital Hall . Dr. Paul Saltman, . 

chancellor academic affairs, "Fruits, Nuts and Bologna." . 
Noon - Noon Concert: "Moose", musical works. Fourth College ResIdence Hall. 

thews Cafeteria . . . 
U.S. Marine Corps. For further information conce~ing this orgaruzation an~ to 

for an interview, please come into the Career Planrung and Placement Service, 
Center Complex, Building B. .. . 

12-4 :30 pm - Birth Control CUnic. Appointments, counselling, mfonnation call 
Student Health. 

12-4 pm & 6-9 pm - Bio-Chem CUnlc. Tutoring for undergraduates in the Sciences. 410 
(basement) . 

12 noon - AMES 285, Seminar N. 5, Film Series. " Pressure Fields and 
Acceleration". 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 

12: 30-2: 30 pm - Sex CUnic. For students seeking information or counselling about 
'sexual functioning. Hugh Pates, Laurie Kuhn, Dalyn Proffitt leaders. R~velle , 
Office, (next to the Provost's Office ). 

1 pm - Graduate Student Council meeting. North Conference Room, Student Cent~r. 
2 pm - Ad Hoc Committee for Fourth College Programming. Meet every Wednesday. 

MC. Organization : Fourth College Residence Halls. 
3 pm - Varsity Soccer, Muir Field, UC San Diego vs. So. Cal. College. . 
3:30-5:30 pm - Dro()'In Rap Session for Third Colle~e Students. Co-~eade:-> t:>hll 

and Dennis Lee of Counseling and Psychological ServICes. R for Relattonshlp (I.e., 
roommates, dating, friendships); A for Academics (i.e., grades, professor, finals, 
and P for Personal Development (i.e., sexuality, loneliness. identity jObs). 412 MC. 

4 pm - Colloquium Speaker: Dr. L. P . Gor'Kov. Lan?au ~nstitute ~or Theoretical 
USSR. Topic: Microscopic Properties of the A-15 Compounds. LocatIOn: USB 2622. 

6-7:30 pm - Informal discussion on the meaning of Christianity, sponsored by_ 
Catholic Community. 507 MC. 

7 pm - Keynote Lecture, room 107 Lecture Hall, Third College. Hoyt Fuller, former 
of Black World will discuss "Afro-American Literature : Toward 

' Fulfillment," to begin the Dept. of Literature's 1976-77 "happening.". The . IICIPPl~lllI J5, 
called "Stepfathered by Blind Lemon: Contemporary Persp~ct~ves . m 
Literature ," is an exploration of renewed awareness of Afro-American wrtters and 
heritage. • 

8 pm - Midnight - FREE films a t The Pub. Great Pizza (pepperoni and "health 
- type") and near-beer to quaff! 

b y Dr. Lit tlcm a n 
Hello readers. Here we sit confronted 

by your challenging questions and not 
knowing where the typewriter keys will 
lead us. Although there have been 
many questions submitted , WI' still 
invite all you avid readers to press your 
pens to paper and ask those questions 
you 've kept hidden for so long. 
Although we didn't find any boxtops or 
money, we did find the following 
questions in our mailbox. 

Dear Doc: What bappeaed to &lrry 's 
Bagels? 

Unfortunately for all you bagel buffs, 
Barry graduated. Although tbe 

and orJ)bIE!ffiS 
to the 
faculty 
any vending 

Dear Doc: 
Muir dorms 
are on the 
they are 
properly, 
standards. 

Much to 
elevators 
UCSDare 
acquiring a 
must pas 
look for , 
assured 
safe and 
this is an 

I 

12-4 pm & 6-9 pm·- Bio-Che~ Clinic. Tutoring for undergraduates in the Sciences. 410 HL 
(basement). thJ.tad 

12:30 pm - Sumner Noon Series, Sumner Aud. . a II color 
slide show, " Exploring the Geology of Canada's . 

2 pm - Thesis Defense, room 202 Scripps Bldg., sm. Robert C. Tyce, " Near-Bottom 
Observ aUons of Sea-Floor Acoustics." 

3-4:30 pm - Optical Signal Processing Seminar, Dr. Lopez-Lopez, Southwestern College 
Chemistry Department, "Lens Design", APM 3218. 
3:30 pm - Cosmochemistry Seminar, room 2102 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. Michael J . 

Gaffey, MIT, "Asteroid Surface Material of Minerological Characterization from Visible 
and Near Infrared Spectra." 

4 pm - Badminton, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. Grossmont. 
4 pm - Physics CoUogulum, room 2622 USB, Revell~. Prof~ssor L. P .. Gor'kov, L.D. 

Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics, USSR, " Mlcrosoplc Properties of the A-15 
Compounds." 

4 pm - Biochemistry Sem1Dar, room 2100 BSB, Med. School. Dr. U.K. Laemmli, Princeton 
Univ., will tentatively discuss " DNA Packaging in Phage T4 ." 

4 pm - Astropbysics-8pace Physics Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Paul 
Schechter , Univ. of Arizona, "Velocity Dispersions of Galaxies." . 

4 pm - High Energy' Physics Seminar, room 1148 D-L Bldg., Revelle, Dr. Frederick 
Reines, UC Irvine, "Observation of v+- scattering." 

4 pm - COllll1lllter Student Meeting, 302 MC. Organization: Fourth College. 
4·5 pm - Test Anxiety. For students experiencing anxiety in test taking situati?ns. The 

aim of the workshop,is to improve test-taking performance. Revelle Counselors Office (next 
to the Provost 's Office x3490 ). 

4:30-7 pm - The Department of Literature and The Third CoU~ge present Hoyt F~le r , 
critic and playwright, Executive Editor of First World, f?rmer EdItor of B lac~ World , In an 
Informal Question and Answer Session. Refreshments Will be served. InternatIOnal Center. 
Free. 

7 pm - Pisolitic Uranites Meeting to discuss fi eld trip to Baja. East Conf. Room. 
7 pm - F irst Team meeting of Women's Rugby. 2313 AP&M . 
7 pm - Class: "Christ in America" and L. D.S. club !fleeting. 9527 La Jolla Farms. Little 

white house across from Tioga Halls. Free. 
7:30 pm - Meeting og Students for Solar Energy. Informal Lounge.. .. 
8 pm - Geological Sciences Seminar, Department of the SCrIPPS I nstIt~tIon of 

Oceanography. Speaker: Dr. Michael Ma lin , CALTECH. Subject : Geologic HIstory of 
Mars. IGPP Conference Room. . .. 

8 pm - Debate Revelle Cafeteria . Dr. Zeno Vendler and Dr . 'Norman Geisler, Tnmty 
Eva ngelical Semi~ ry , wiD discuss, "Can Miracles Occur in a Space-Time Worl~?" Free: 

Association of Motion Picture and Television Producers, Inc. For further informatIOn 
concerning this organization and to sign up for an interview ,pl~ase .come into the Ca reer 
Planning and Placement Service, Student Center Complex, BUlldmg B. 

12-3 I can 't believe I ate the whole 
thing. 

12-1 There's one in every crowd . 
Here is a sneak preview of what you 

might see in our colwnn next week -
Answer to questions on life, love, 
weather, automobiles, sex anything -
You ask 'em, we'll answer 'em. Get 
those questions into the Triton Times 
office no later than 3:00 p.m. on Wed-
nesday afternoons. Our reminder for 
this week, brought to)'ou by John Hiatt 
- Remember, keep your burrito out of 
her hot tamale .. .. . 

10 am - Lecture, room Il IA, Matthews. Clayton Brace, vice-president of McGraw-Hill 
Broadcasting Corp. will discuss, "Roles of Editorials in TV Brtcast,ipg." 

11 am - 3 pm - Carnival '76. A mid-day outdoor carnival of ._ e , , food , 
games and prizes. Open to the entire University Community. Au.~""irItI!l.!: tween 
Student Center and Main Gym. Free. 

12-4 pm - Bio-Chem Clinic. Tutoring for undergraduates in the Sciences. 410 HL 
(basement). . 

12-4 :30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Appointments, counseling, information call x2669. 
Student Health. 

12:05 - Marine Biology Seminar, Department of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
Speaker : Professor Francis Crick, Non-resident fe llow, Salk Institute and Labo~at~ry of 
Molecular Biology, Cambride, England. Subject: Direct Pan~permla . Sumne,r AuditorIUm. 

2 pm - AMES Bloenltineeri~ Seminar - Dr. John G. Pinto and Dr. Michael R. Yen, 
"Current Bioengineering Research at UCSD". 2100 BSB, Matthews. 

3 pm - Water Polo, Pool. UC San Diego vs. SDSU. 
3 pm - Topics in Respiration, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. John B. West, "Stress 

Distribution in the Lung.'.' . ". . 
3 pm - Philosophy Colloquium, Informal Lounge , Revelle. Dr. Henry AllIson, Thmgs In 

Themselves, Noumena and the Transcendental Object. " . 
3:30 pm - Cosmoc hemistry Seminar, room 2102 Urey Hall, Rev~ lle .. Dr. Mlcha.el. J . Gaf-

fey, MIT, "Asteroid Surface Material of Minerological Charactenzatlon from VISIble and 
Near Infrared Spectra." 

3:30 pm - Economics Seminar, room 3216 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Pro~. Charles R: PI?,tt, Cal 
Tech, "Some New Experimental Approaches to the Study of EconomIcs and PolItIcs. 

4 pm - Organic Chemistry Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Prof. Glen Berchtold, MIT, 
"A rene Oxides." 

7 pm - Friday Night Movies, room 2722 USB, Revelle. "Last Picture Show." General 
admission: $1.25. Repeated at 9 p.m. . 
~ 8 pm - Dance-Fourth College, Matthews Cpfeteri.a. . 

8-11 :30 pm - International Folk Dancing: 8-9 mstructlOn, 9-11:30 dances by request. 
Please take note new location: APM 2402. 25 cents students/50 cents non-students. 

University of Santa Clara School of Law. For further .information concern~g this 
organization and to sign up for an interview, please come mto the Career Planning and 
Placement Service, Student Center Complex, Building B. .. 

Willamette University - Graduate School of Administration. For further informatIOn 
concerning this organization and to sign up for an interview,. pl~se come into the Career 
Planning and Placement Serv ice, Student Center Complex. BUildIng B. 

9 am - All-Cal Tourney.UCSD Rugby team at UC Irvine. Also in tourney UC Davis, UC 
Irvine , UCLA, UCSD, Del Mar Rugby Club. Irvine, free. 

9 am - 4 pm - Seminar for women: " The Fina 'a \lI~~~. ~ 
survey . Survey of investment opportunities for ~jj~~~:t!~~~~~~'l~tj~ 
Diego Extension. Third College Campus, Third Le r , .. . 

10 am - 4 pm - Seminar for women: " One-Day Anger Workshop for Women", presented 
by UC San Diego Extension. Learn .productive ways to learn to live with natural angry 
fee lings. University Extension Classroom Bldg. 103A, Matthews Campus . $25.00 

10:30 am - Campus Tour, front walk , Ce ntral University Library. Free, student guided 
tours . 

5: 30 pm - Catholic mass. University Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
7 pm - Saturday Night Movies, room 2722 USB, Revelle . " Lost in the Stars." General 

admission : $1. Repeated at 9 p.m. 
8 pm - Voice Recital - Stua rt Larson, Baritone. UCSD Music Department. Mandeville 

Center Recital Hall . Free. 
8:30 pm - Dimitri Mime Clown, Mandeyille Aud. Swiss musician and c1a:'si~ mime, called 

the "clown of Aseona," will present his one-man show. General arumsslOn: $4 . UCSD 
students : $2.50. Tickets are a vaila ble at the UCSD box office, 452-4559. 

8:30 am - Catholic mass. University Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
10 am - Elisabeth Marti is vocalist and Cheryl Knap is flutist at L heran Worship 

. Service. University-Commu~ity Chu.rch, ~595 La Jolla .Sh In T 
12:03 pm - Episcopal ServIces. Umverslty Community Cr . . . 
4 pm - Ar tza Poppin, Aud. and east room, Mandeville Cente r. Art show, c?Cktalls, ~ner, 

stage performance and dancing. Ticket prices to be announced. For more InformatIOn call 
453-1710 or 274-4241. 

? pm - Catholic mass. University Community Church, 9595 La J?lIa.Shores Dr. .. 
6 pm - Ecumenical Supper Program. "Lonehness and BelongIng In the Church . UCSD 

Student Center, North Conf. Rm. 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge - free brIdge games - open to everyone. Revelle North Dining 

Hall . Free. 

\ 



Pale' triton times MoDday, N6vember 1, 1t7I 

C.\REEI 1~\,ESTI(iATORS 
(& \JOB IH 'XTERS I T iliTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads I 

I 
I 

\\URh:SlIOPS FOH Yor! 

CAIIR [;;J l>tKo ...... the occ .. ,. ..... I IWI. _h'-II" YOUI' "I.wI ol lliklU . ... e ... ally 'e4I_lf.d. In the ptocna wou'U prob.W" Mncov.' .kUl. you dld.'t • • wnw ~CMI Md. "oa. 11 / 1 !hnd Th.rs. 11 / 11. 7·9:30 D ... CIIOICIS 
fOCUSIIIG 

011 SPECifIC 
."va ...... ! ca,e,... optio ns you are conllderlng. You wtll UN bo.h 
lib r .. ~ and hum •• ,UOUfC.' and d. Ii. lo p pe"onal sca nd.,d. 'or 
anll IY11nw .h .. d. ' a collft: l ed . Thur.dAyli . No", I .. nd II , 7 · ').: 30 p .m . 

UIEU5 

Become more conn· 
dent tha t you . ' t': mH' 
Ing Ih" tKo.1 d~I .. lon. 
poalolbll!. Dewlop 

"1 'iI'''91~. 'or .chlev· 
Ing ""hal you dul, • . 

11 4. 10· 
noon. I I ,b. 3-5. 

How to deal ""Ilh Ihe •• r. I of the job.e king procen. how 10 k t"ep 
~lrH!i from Mgallu,':!y .Uullng ,"aUf lob iJllervleVo', utellent ' orALL 
job ",_Iuul Now 8 . 2.· 4 Nov 23. 2. . 4 

Prepare for \oour ~mploymenl InteIVlew-ti . learn how to bt' mure .f· 
fedlv~: become mo re f~lallled ilnd ~1I,cOl\fldpnl th,ough pf;Jctlce 
Intl"l"Vlewing. Thur.d . .. , II 18. 10 - noo n, 

A how·to·do-U wo,klihop on ,e,unte fund.menu l" Re.; UMU .r. 
dl.cuu~d In th l! contut of the lot.l jo b·huntlng p,OCe,.li. 11 10, 3 · 5: 
11 19 . 2 . 4 . 

TAlE OIlE , TWO , 01 MOIl WOIlSHOPS AS lOU IlEED THEM . SlGN-U' AT CAlUI 'LAIIIIING 
"LACEMENT 511VICI5, U. C., SAN OliGO. lOCATIO III TNI nUDEIIT (lIITlI, lUll DING t . 
'_1: 452·3150. WE 'llMllnO Hil' . 

. 

INTERESTED ••• 
~(atduate, 
of l.,aw 

~edicatl , 
School? 

"ATTEND 
GRADUATE 

CAREER 
DAY~~ 

WED NESDAY. NOVEMBER 3. 1976 
3 10 

MA NDE VI LLE PLAZA 
THE RECRUITERS WILL REPRESENT 
GRADUATE & PROFESSIONAL 
PROGRAMS FROM OTHER UC CAM-
PUSES, STANFORD, PEOPLES COLLEGE 
AND THE UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN 
CALIFORNIA. THEY ARE ESPECIALLY 
INTER ESTED IN TALKING WITH 
MINORITY, WOMEN , LOW·INCOME AND 
DI S ADVANTAGED JUNIORS AND 
SENIORS, (ALL STUDENTS WELCOME) 
Sponso red by the Office of Graduate Studies 
& Research a nd the MRP Sc hool of 
Medicine . 

WANTEd 
The next OASIS study skills class begins 
Monday . NO'iember 1, 1916. Four _slons 
on consecutl\/8 Mondays will CO\/8( In-
formation from l he following st udy sKi ll . 
areas; taking noles planning sl udy time, 
sludying lexl boOk reading asslgnmenl s, and 
taking exams. Meetings will be held in the 
multipurpose room . Sludent Cenler . Building 
B. Seclio" 1 meel s at 9 a.m. and Seclion 2 
meels at 10a.m. Sign up at OASIS, . 52-3160. 

Tattooed lemales - I need 10 phol ograph your 
Illustralions for prolect . Contact Abbe 481 -. 
0123 afler 7. 

Need big and small heads lor Alpha Wave 
study Prove to your Iriends that your brain 
waves aren' l lIat wilh a copy 01 your EEG'. 
Studies every Tues Also need subjecls over 
50 under t6. BasiC Science Bldg . 3045 

Calp"g needs a few Jrs and Srs . who are 
In terested In government to volunteer their 
time In our group_ We Will be scrutinizing 
local agencies for ineffICienCies ant. waste 
Calpirg 452-4569 

Wanted tired 01 wrinkled clothes , neM "on 
Leave note at TT Of lice. 

Wanted 3·SPEED BIKE decent condilion Will 
pay 520755-7479. (1 111) 

Aluminum scuba tank never used call 755· 
2168 (11 11) 

69-12 SAAB 99 owners. Faclory bui lt Iraller 
hitch. Will Install your place. $35. Won 'l III 
our 99LE. About $60 new . Bob Aldrich 345<1 
Cas lle Glen .119 211-~1 il l 11 ) 

1910 Ford Cortina GT 4 speed. new brakes , 
shocks. battery, alter. Greal MPG! $650 23~ 
5841 (IllS) 

Algol on l he B6100; thorough new text now 
available ; for Inlo conlacl Oon Gregory-APM 
5301 X2195 (11 15) 

Brand new electric broiler fry pan make 
casseroles. baked potatoes , ($25) Tom Box 
475 Solana Bch. 92015 (1 1 /1) 

Ski Snowbird & Alta Utah With the UCSD Ski 
Club Nov ~ - Nov 29 5129.95 -Ilckets on sale 
al the Campus Box Off . (11 13) 
Yamaha 125 Enduro 69 great cond ., electnc . 
slart. compo release great tires . 5.500 ml. 
Qjll eves 466-7919 (11 II) 
Scube gear. Mark Five regulator . lank . back 
pack, depth and pressure gauges. vest, 
weight bell . $310 or offer. Dave 488-8221. 

1"2"" surfboard swallow lail piuS wings only 
used 6 times. Was St 50 now SilO womens 
full wet sull O'Neili was 500 wanl 550 453-
6215 ,,113) 

Graduate & Professional 
School Program 

So You Want to Go To Graduate School?! 

A meeting to duscuss the "how to" for graduate school, law 
school and MBA programs: 

How to select a school?? 
How to apply?? 
What about letters of recommendation?? 
How do I get Financial Aid?? 
What factors make YOU a good candidate?? 
3-5 pm Monday 
HL Auditorium November 1st 

Important Dates for You to Remember 

Graduate School Day 

Wednesday 
Nove mber 3rd 
Mandeville plaza 
10:00am - 3:00pm 

Representatives of the UC graduate schools , 
along with Stanford and USC will be on-
campus to discuss their programs. Infor-
mation will be available concerning ad-
missions procedures , financial aid , 
cunlculum, housing, etc . 

Law School Day 
Representatives of 30 law schools will be on-
campus to provide Information concerning 
their curriculum, admissions process. 

Tuesday financial aid , etc. This Is your opportunity to 
November 9th get your questions answered! Law Schools 
Revel1e Plaza from California, the Mid-West and the East 
1:00 pm - 4:30 pm will be here. 

For further information, please contact the Career Planning & 
Placement Service, Student Center Complex, Building B. 

WE'RE HERE TO HELPI 

PLATOON LEADERS CLASS 
FOR FRESHMEN THRU JUNIORS 

IN 
Air ••• Ground ••• And Law 

FREE FLIGHT INSTRUCTION $100 PER MONTH DURING SCHOOL 
LEADERSHIP TRAINING DURING SUMMER AT QUANTICO, VIRGINIA 

COMMISSIONED A SECOND LIEUTENANT UPON GRADUATION FROM COLLEGE 

OFFICER CANDIDATE CLASS 
FOR SENIORS OR GRADUATES 

IN 
Air •.• Ground .•• And Law 

BASIC OFFICER TRAIN ING AT QU ANTICO, VA. 
COMMISSIONED A SECOND LIEUTENANT UPON 

COMPLETION OF BASIC TRAIN ING 

10:00 a _m . to 1:00 p_m. STUDENT CE NTER COMPLEX, BLOG -B 
3 NOVEMBER 1976 REPRESENTATIVES 

CA'TAIN IIOIEIIT WILLIAMI 
SSGT JOHN lUCAS 

SSGT CUIIT HllDT 

t6$O IIorIh HoIeI Clrt" 
sen DioID. CIItI. 92101 

1714, 291-507) 

Book. 112 off and more and Ihe veo-y unusual 
fine books boughl & sold Ex lIbris Book 
Store In Solana Beach 155-7323. 

ltouSiN(I 
Own room In Del Mar easy access to beach 
and coasl cruiser '1 20 155-181 8 (111 1) 

Male rma te wanled non-smoker-In Del Mar 5 
min to beach 30 sec. 10 Carnegies Own room 
125 I mo 481 -0843 (11 It) 
4 roomales wanled : 21n 3 br 2 baapt w lpool. 
2 in 3 br house w l vw. All 10 mlns away $100 
ea plus util. 292-0213 (t 115) 
Fe rmt to share 2 bed 2 balh apt. Imrned I ml 
from school $85 plus 114 ull. poof , jacuul. 
455- t 405 keep tryi ng (t 1 13) 

Rmmale(s) wntd for hs. at Wmdansea Own 
rm S125 frplce. 112 bI to beach . PhOne 452-
9185111 (3) 

1 BR apt. . furn 'shed . available dUring 
Christmas break overlooks ocean In Mission 
Beach . 488·6326 (ask for T any) (1115) 

• SERVICES 
Typlng· IBM selectnc theses. dissertations . 
etc. experlenoed . reasonable. Mrs. Olds 455-
0127 (1216) 
LOSE unwanlOO pounds & IncheS Easy way 
10 lose weight and kP.ep It olf' Call Lynn 481-
8200 (1216) 

Seniors & Grad SludenlS. Come get em while 
they're hOt 1917 Placement Annuals hOI off 
the press FREE ! (1113) 

WOMANCARE : Self-help Clinic . aborl ion 
prenatal , annual exams 1050 Garnel P.B. 488-

. 1591 (1216) 

TYPING ; IBM CORRECTING SELECTRIC. 
TERM PAPERS . THESES, DISSERTATIONS. 
EDITING. RUSH JOBS. 452-1588, 560-8111. 
(11 /3) 
ACADEMIC RESEARCH PA PERS. 
Thousands on file . Send SI.OO for your t92-
page , mall order calalog . 11 322 Idaho Ave ., 
.20611. Los Angeles , Calif . 90025 (2 t3) 417-
8-474 . (1216) 
Spanish tuloring by experienced InSlructor 
(Ph .D) 217-528-4 . 

Honda owners. T"ed of shop hassles? For 
servICe & repair. Res rates·work guaranteed. 
Call ChriS 488·2988. 

SEX-less oriented ad greal Christmas Idea 
old lime Sepia penraits avoid holiday rush 
Slefan 755-2179 (11 15) 

Classical guitar lessons. techniQue. pieces 
Segovia mel hod beginners welcome . 
reasonable . 454-1136. 

TRAVEl. 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUSI New York & 
Europe fllghls . PSA reservations CIEE 
Student Travel Services. open Mon. , Wed .• 
Frl 12-4 pm. Call 452-0630 (1216) 

Full Service Travel Agency. All carriers In-
cluding charlers

' 

American youth Hoslel 
cards available. Call Beryel or Sam al TMT 
452-1981. NO SERVICE CHARGE I (1216) 

PERSONAls 
SlGNE: I stili have your cookie tin from lasl 
year. Joann 270-4913 (1 I 11) 

Shirley , We both know. I Ihlnk It can wOrk. I 
Ihlnk II will work . Love Jim 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR ; 

MCIT Ov ... 35y .... II of experience OAT and IUCCftI 
I ~ aT Small CI_ 
LOftI Voluminoul hom. BRE study met.,iall 

Cou,_thet ... AlGSI can.amly updeted 
DCAT 
CPAT 

T epa facilities for 
r.v lewl of cl_ 
l-.ons end fo, UM 
of IUppiemenr.,y 
met.riels 

FLEX Make-upi for ECFMG m.., le_nl 
IAT'L MED BDS 

SAT-VAT 
SAN DIEGO CENTER 

Moaday, November 1,1171 

StUdents Have Right 
To Inspect Records 

Students are advised that under have an opportunity for a hearing 
the provisions of QIe Family to challenge the content of the 
Educational Rights and Privacy student's records, to insure that 
Act of 1974. every student is ae- the records are not inaccurate, 
corded the rig" to inspect and misleading. or otherwise in 
review any and all official records, violation of the privacy or other 
files, and data directly related to rights of the student, and to 
the student's status as a student . provide an opportunity for the 
which are held by any unit or correction or deletion of any' such 
department of the University of inaccurate, misleading or other-
California atSan Diego. wise inappropriate data contained 

The right of inspection is therein. 
available to currently enrolled 
students and extends to thOlle of· 
ficial materials which are intended 
for University use or which are 
available to parties outside the 
Universlty system. Third parties 
shall not have access to personally 
identifiable records or infonnation 
pertaining to students as students 
without the written consent of the 
particular stude!lt about whom 
such information Is sought. 

Student requests to inspect of-
ficial records, files, and data 
pertaining to the student's statWi 
as a student shall be granted within 
forty·five days after the request 
has been made. Students shall 

MoxIey-
keep their options open and look 
into increasing opportunities in the 
allied health care fields. There has 
been a gradual decline in the 
amount of medical school a~ 
plications, Moxley notes, but 
doesn't feel the competitiveness 
for admission will change_ 

Reasons for the slight drop in 
applications include the 
frustration of applying and the 

Farmvvorkers... 
provides for triple damages for 
any violation of its provlsioJlS. It 
can't ~ altered by a single word 
without a statewide initiative_ Aiid 
the fannworkers already have the 
right to vote by law. These are the 
facts. 

That is why I am voting NO on 
Proposition 1,4. 

RICHARD STEVENS 

MORE ClAssifiEds ••• 
ACE - I enloyed Sunday AM 100. Same time. 
same place nexl week? Flash PS who pays 
next time? 

Sieve Shaw. Happy Birthday you cutie! Hope 
your 21sl is the greatest Love always, R. 
Machine. 

All Is forgiven . lei us know you 're alive . 
Conlribute to Helicon , UCSO's creall"" 
magazine. Send clo Helicon Campus 
Mailcode C-005. 11113) 

Meditation on ·· MI. Shasla", lift up on your 
sauld into the Love Star . Friday evening 7:30 
pm USB 3050 A Revelle . Free 10 all by Alpha 
and Omega. 755-0816(1 115) 

Explore your past li ves. At pasl lives 
regression seminar Nov. 6 & 1 conlact. 
Denise Clark 583-5163 (1115) 

students are advised that mE 
FULL TEXT of the Family 
Educational Rights and Privacy 
Act of 1974 Is available at the 
following locations: 

Office of the Vice Chancellor and 
Dean of Student Affairs, Student 
Center. 

Office of Admissions and 
Registration, 102 Matthews 
Campus . 

Central University Library. 
Provosts' Offices, Revelle, Muir, 

Third and Fourth Colleges .. 
Office of the Dean of Graduate 

Studies &: Research, 108 Matthews 
Campus. 

resurgence of career opportunities 
in the engineering sciences. 

The medical profession Is still a 
high income field, but Moxley 
contends most med students ap-
proach their profession from a 
practical standpoint, with an in-
terest in helping people. But he 
believes if the physicians made 
less money, medical schools would 
see less applicants. 

Prop. 4 .• 
meant on Proposition 4? You really 
didn ' t want to say that the 
University should be entitled to 
follow whatever underhanded 
methods they want instead of using 
proper a nd fair busi ness 
procedures, did you? Please don 't 
make the sa me mistake when you 
go into the voting booth-a yes vote 
is important to education in 
California. 

DON STREBEL 

~ ' OO pm - 300 pm . The Basics of Readmg -
An Oasis mini-workshop. lhe goal of the 
work shop will be to introduce you 10 
lechniques for Improving skills in reading 
and sludylng lextbooks. Workshops will 
meet on Mondays and Wednesdays during 
the monlh of November In the Mullfpurpose 
Room, SlUdent Center. Building B. Barbara 
Penn, workshop leader. Cali OASIS 452-3169 
to Sign up. (11 11) 

Jerry. Say hi 10 Pop lor me. Give me a ring If 
you have time. - L 

Reggae Ian helpl Need ri de (will pay) to 
TOOlS & Maylals Nov I La Paloma live near 
UCSD 453-1648 (tOI29) 

Top Dollar Paid for U S. Silver Coins Mlnled 
belore I 5. Also buying old U S. coins Call 
Ken 755·1311 (1216) 

An EquaI Opportunity 
to become a trainee 
in Motion Pictures 

Novembir 4, 1976 
Jack Carlson and Rene Villareal will be 

on campus to discuss the Motion Picture 
- Industry's Training Programs 

for Camera Assistants 
Assistant Dlrect~bllcists 

Mike-up Artlsts-Scrlpt Supervisors 

triton times 

Prop 14.. 
an ALRB regulation already held 
up by the California Supreme 
Court, will be added to the 
statute," Grossman concluded. 

Ilscover U.S.C.'s Master's Degree Program in 

JUDICIAL ADMINISTRA 110N 
On a " yes on 14" pamphlet Cesar 

Chavez says, "The growers do not 
oppose access since they permit 
the Teamsters as much as that 
union wants. Only when workers 
try to communicate with us do the 
employers cry foul. " 

A representative wlll be at 
Career Day 

from 10:00a.m. to 3 :00p.m. 
on Wednesday . November 3rd. 1976 

to answer questions and discuss 
the features of a career In 

The CFBF responded, " Prop. 14 
gives organizers the right to invade 
private property to organize 
workers on employers premises -
without the owners pennission or 
workers expressing interest. Even 
disruptive conduct would not 
prevent access. Crop damage and 
work disruptions are sure to follow. 

COURT ADMINISTRATION 

"A non-elected, non-judicial 
bureaucratic board is given the 
power to access triple damages for 
unfair labor practices - even if 
committed unknowingly by a 
fanner . The present law already 
gives fann workers greater 
protection from unfair labor 
practices than federal law. " 

The " No on 14" people cla im that 
fannworkers will be injured by the 
Proposition: " Prop. 14 stacks the 
deck againet workers by making it 
nearly twice as hard for them to 
vote outan unpoimlar union." 

because the planet depends on it 
Spaceship Earth. 1976. The oceans are dying. The air is contaminated. 

The water is polluted. Animal and marine species are disappearing. Our 
fo~sts are clear-cut. Our mountains are trip-mined. Our rivers and streams 
are dammed. diverted and channelized. Our future is being ransomed to 
the uncertainties and hazards of nuclear power. And on Tuesday, we will 
elect a President who must face it all. 

What difference does your vote make? 
Quite simply. it makes the difference between environmental hope and 

environmental despair. It makes the difference between Jimmy Carter-who 
is the best environmental candidate in ~eventy years-and Gerald Ford -
who is probably the worst. On no other issue in this Pre idential campaign 
are the differences between Carter and Ford more clea rl y defined. And 
every serious environmentalist in the c,ountry know it. 

Last April , the prestigious Na tional League of Conservation 
Voters published an exha us tive, six-month study on the environ. 
mental records of each m ajor candidate. Jimmy Carter received 
the League's highest rating: OUTSTANDING. Gerald Ford received 
the lowest rating: HOPELESS_ On every major envi ro nmental issue 
facing us, these ratings represent the choice we face_ 

What we face is the most important environmental election of our life-
time. The choice is clear. The choice is in your hands. PLEASE ... make your 
'vote count on election day. Join us - Vote for JIMMY CARTER, Environ-
mentalist, for President. 

The environmental health of the planet depends on it. 

CALIFORNIA ENVIRONMENTALISTS 
FOR CARTER 

Thi advertisement was paid for by CALIFOR IA ENVIRO MENTAL· 
ISTS FOR CARTER, an affiliate of the Califomia League of Con ervation 
Voters. We are Democrats. Republicans and Independents. We are veteran 
fighters of California's environmental wars. And we represent every major 
conservation organization in the state. 
H on. harles W rr n Alfred Hener 
Warren Bedtty JOl1alhan H off 
Phil Berty Joseph . 110ughleling 
Han. Tom Bradley Joan Jackson 
Mark Braly H on. Jenmler Jenning 
Rochelle Braly Huey Johnson 
nm Brick Robert L. Jones 
Davtd Brower Bettie Kappiloll 
Jan Chauen Brown C. Foster Kmghl 
H on. Willie L Brown. Jr Frederick A. Lane. M D 
Jam s W Bruner. ,Jr Joy Lan 
Helen Burk Terl)l R Lash 
Marian C<lrpelan B I Y Lalie 
Mark Ouboi Ira E. Laufer 
Joe Edmislon Esther Lewin 
Pcwl Ehrlich Allan Lober 
Rimmon C. Fay. Ph O. Robert M Loveland. M .D 
Joe Fontain Martha McLean 
Louise Frankel Mike M )oskey 
Kenl Gill Ridwd May 
Tom Graff Don L. May 
Dorolhy Green lady!> M ead 
H an Arll!n r yorio H an. Jilrne, Min 
Cculyle Hall DAn"ne Mltcheltr 
Han Gal)l Hart Traute Moore 

Larl)l Moss 
Marv D khol 
Johr, Nyhan 
W David Oke. Jr 
Margarel Owmgs 
Connie Pam h 

ancy F'Parlman 
Dr Richard L Flmine 
Ralph F\orry 
David Pesonen 
John R Phillips 
Carl Fbpe 
Bill Pre 
H on. m r Rains 
Leslie V Reid 
SallyM. Reid 
JOlIn Reiss 
Sandra M . Rent1le 
Hon Herb Rhodes 
Bob Ro temllier 
Judv Ro ner 
Patncia Rosenfeld 
Murmy Rosenthal 
Anlonlo Ro SlMnn 

Wilham M Roth 
Bren! Ru,h fo rth 
Dale A - cord 
Rich " tro 
Ellen Idenberg 
Han Alan leroty 
H mlan -ilid 
Jean In 
Will in 
Hon Jerry mllh 
-hilley lomon 

Jean F _ m rs 
Ono 1i ner 
Thaddl.'u T r~Ylla 
Cella Van der Muhll 
Georg Wagner 
Wilham Wd (,en 
K nl R W II><-n 
D Dwight rden 
Nichola,'\\. I 
Nonnan Zcil1mn 
John Zicroid 
Roben M 2\Wtg 
(p.l,L .. i 1, lIIIy1 

PO Box 57304. Los Angel , CA 90057 (2 13) 381 I 2 Rochell Braly. Trea ur r 
An Independ 'nl \.blunl r Commillee nol ulhow.ed 

bv the Cart r campaign. 



Palel 

Women's ........ 
Agg 

byDaveCob .. 
Staff Write." 

Stanford's field h ckey team 
came to UCSD on Friday and gave 
the Tritons a taste of big-school 
stick-handling in handing UCSD a 
5-0 defeat. 

A UCSD and Stanford player (in 
white top) do battle in Friday's 5·0 
Cardinal victory . (TT photo: Chris 
Sherman) 

The Cards' defense was effective 
in holding the Tritons scoreless and 
limiting them to only a couple of 
shots on goal the entire game. 

Stanford was held pretty well in 
check by the Tritons in the first 
half, scoring only two goals. Just 
about the entire half was played in 
UCSD territory, a credit to the 
Tritons' defense in allowing only 
two goals. 

Unfortunately the best defense is 
a good offense, which the Tritons 
couldn't come up with. The 
Stanford team was simply too 
experienced and too well-
conditioned. They went after the 
ball aggressively and kept their 
offense in control. 

The second half started well for 
UCSD. They were aggressive and 
kept the game balanced, much of 
the early action taking place in 
Stanford's end of the field. But they 
couldn't come up with a score and 
finally the Cardinal offense heated 
up and scored three rapid goals 
towards the end of the game to 
make the final score, 5~. 

UCSO's Women's V'Ball 
Hands USIU Crushing Defeat 

By Ron Kato 
Staff Writer 

UCSD's women's volleyball team proved once again to be the superior 
unit on the court by crushing USIU last Friday 15-1, 15-7. 

Ineffective with its passing, USIU was able to execute only one of-
fensive hit in the entire first game. The Tritons tallied when USIU could 
not return the first service of the game on three hits. UCSD, perfonning 
well, scored eight more times before yielding to its opponents' lone score. 

San Diego without its full team on hand, played a good part of the match 
with four setters on the court. Setter Holly Steward in an unusual role as a 
front line hitter was quite effective from her new position. As in-
consistency marked USIU's passing and setting, the Tritons utilized 
every opportunity to capitalize on these errors. 

Game two got on its way with starting hitters Jennifer Freed and Eva 
Ljungwe on the bench. Substitute Karen Kaehler filled in well for the 
starters and San Diego jumped out in front 7-l. 

At this point, USIU's top player Amelia Walling initiated her team's 
strongest comeback effort. Three tough serves, the last of which went 
\Ultouched, narrowed the Tritons' lead to three. After a series of side out 
exchanges, USIU, unable to set up Walling, the team's only effective 
hitter, missed out on many scoring opportunities. 

This apparently sealed the game for the Tritons and as the San Oiegans 
began to lax off, coach Chuck Millenbah yelled to his squad from the side, 
to play seriously. "It seems like we play better against stronger teams," 
reflected captain Andrea Beylen after the match. And with the Tritons 
having very little difficulty handling most of their opponents, the players 
seem to respond only to the tougher matches. 

Aileen Horimoto and Stewart were again named as the outstanding 
players of the game by coach Millenbah. 

The team closes out a four game homestand today against MiraCosta in 
the rec gym. Starting time is scheduled for 4: 30 pm. 

WARNING: 
The IvoryTower 

is about to 
collapse. 

It's your last year of college. Why think 
about lift' insurance now? Because, the 
older yo get the mor.e it costs. And next 
year, it 's all up to you. Find out 
about Cc llcgeMaster. 

Cal' the Fidclit~ l ' niull CuliegeMa .. tl' r ''Si 
Fidd A ..... uciHtl' in ~ullr an'a: 

Col 

' ·,111 \11"1 41 11 n.t\ U'H \' 
.'11 I h .' 1 \ 

P.n IIIl Ut'.u. h 
.! iU h'HI) 

triton times 

The Tritons' next game is at 
home today against San Diego 
State. With the experience gained 
by playing Stanford, perhaps the 
Tritons can get on the wiMing 
track. 

UCSD Wears 
O'ut UCI JV 
I n Water Polo 

by Eric Orloff 
Staff Writer 

The steadily improving Triton 
water polo team outpointed 
Irvine's J .V. team 9-5 Saturday. 

UCSD put things together at both 
ends of the pool for one of its best 
performances thus far in the 
season. 

The Tritons jumped out to a 
quick 3~ lead with seven minutes. 
gone, then wore out the Aardvarks 
to win. 

The offense was led by Dave 
Denton who tossed in three goals 
and· demonstrated some adept ball 
handling, while Dennis Thomas 
was all over the pool, swiping the 
ball from his befuddled opponents 
and returning it to his teammates. 
He also slammed one home from 
the outside, to spark the Tritons' 
second half surge. 

On defense, goalie Bob Alei 
thwarted the Aardvarks time after 
time inclUding an outstanding one-
hand jab deflection of a fourth 
quarter Irvine penalty shot. 

It was a good day for the Tritons 
who face an uphill climb in 
preparing for the winter tour-
nament about four weeks away. 
Both teams played well giving the 
standing-room audience an ex-
citing ball game. 

94C SPECIAL~ 
Ranchero- Lots of avocado, 

tomatoes, alfalfa sprouts, baco 
bits topped with piping hot 
melted jack and cheddar 
cheeses ..• delicio-U8! Regular 81 ~35 
Please bring this coupon to any location. 

Good after 4 p.m. only. Expires Dec. 31, 1976 
Pacific Beach - 1627 Garnet Ave. 270-0760 

La Jolla - 621 Pearl Street, 459-5474 
Del Mar - 1130 Camino Del Mar, 481-0164 

iATTENTIONI 
Fall Quarter Students 

Please purchase your Fall Quarter course 
bookS before November 5. COurse bOOkS left 
on our shelves alter Friday Wil be returned 
to publishers to make room lor Winter 
Quarter books 

University Bookstore 
COurse Book Deoartroonl 

452-4557 


