
Governance Referendum Drive On 

Horses graze Peace/ully on the La Jolla Farms property, which is 
once again a subject 0/ controversy because 0/ Prop. 4, which would 
give the state legislature control over University 0/ Cali/ornia bidding-
procedures. [IT photo: Nathan Meyers) 

Prop. 4: 'Needed . Control or 
Unfair Infringement on UC ? 

by Vera M.L T~ 
Community Editor 

Are the UC Regents making 
"secret deals" on certain matters 
relating to the expenditure of 
public monies? Supporters of Prop. 
4, the UC Competitive Bidding 
Initiative, claim that the "im-
penetrable UC autonomy" may not 
be giving a fair break ·to the tax-
payer. Opponents to the measure 
state that a fair ~stem is already 
in effect in the UC system. . 

imPO~ to note that University 
policies did not stop the Univer-
sity's 1967 purchase of 130 acres of 
prime coas~ land in the La Jolla 
Fanns area for $3.7 million with 
the subsequent resale of one 
$110,000 parcel without public 
notice or bid to the then campus 
provost." 

Ryer said the La Jolla Farms 
sale was simply a "mistake ... we 
shouldn't have done that." An 
editorial in the October 13 Los 
Angeles Times said, "The 
University has elaborate 

Continued on Page 8 

Election '76 Debate 

A uam student group is cir-
culating petitions on campus 
calling for a referendum to 
determine the form of student 
government. 

A spokesperson for the 
Independent Students for 
Democracy (ISD), said yesterday, 
the petitions call for a referendwn 
on every form of government that 
garners the support of 100 students. 

The petition drive comes in the 
wake of a controversial call by 
Chancellor McElroy for the 
Elections Board to conduct a 
campus-wide referendum on 
student government in the ninth 
week. 

. Who Has Authority? 
The controversy arose because 

some Election Board members feel 
McElroy does not have the 
authority to call a student 
referendwn. They say McElroy 
has violated the Election Code 
which specifies that a referendwn 
can only be called by either a 
petition signed by 20 percent of the 
student body or by request from 
three of the five student govern-
ments. 

Joe Radding of ISO says the 
group is circulating the petitions 
because it feels students should 
decide, by vote, the form of their 
government. . 

"It is not_ rational for any 
government to exist wIthout the 
consent of the governed," ISD said 
in a release. 

Claiming non-partisan standing 
for ISO, Radding said yesterday it 
is merely trying to insure that 
every student-supported model is 
on the referendum. 

Although Radding said lSD's call 
for a referendum is similar in 
intent to McElroy's in that both 
feel students should select a 
government form, ISO says itfeels 
"only the students, not Chancellor 
McElroy or the Task Force on 

Student Governance, should decide 
which type of governments will be 
put on the referendum." 

Elections Board 
Radding said the details of the 

referendum drive should be left to 
the Elections Board. Board 
member Andy Schneider, in 
reaction, said the board will meet, 
as soon as the four open board 
positions are filled, to consider all 
student proposals. _ 

Schneider - who said earlier this 
week that he disagrees with 
McElroy's position on who has the 

authority to call a student 
referendwn - also said " The 
petitions are a sign that students 
have responded to a call that the 
legitimately established student 
process be maintained. The rights 
of students to govern themselves 
has been reaffirmed. " 

Radding said response to the 
petition drive , which started 
Wednesday, has been "generally 
good." He said ISD hopes to have 
the petitions completed " as soon as 
possible. " 

Hope for ~eeved Parkers: 
Congestion to be Relieved 

As the morning sun awakens a lifeless campus, students scurry in their 
automobiles to grab the last remaining parking spaces of the day. People 
who drive in after 9:00, soon realize that a student parking permit is 
worth more as a college status symbol than as the insurance of arriving 
at class before the lecture begins. 

Increased enrollment compounded by an extended grace period 
created an impossible condition of congestion and frustration in the 
stl1dent parking lots. Bill Taylor, Parking Services Operations Manager, 
said that part of the problem was due to those people who had cars but 
now have returned them after moving in, and all those students who 
parked in the lots during grace period but never had any intention of 
purchasing ~rmits. 

Taylor saId that the grace period, which ended Oct. 6, did not include 
'A' and 'B' permit areas. Students who parked in these faculty-staff 
lones, or next to curbs without identifying space markl.ngs, were ticketed 
by Parking Services personnel. He added that the parking dilemma 
should level off by the 18th of October, as students will have learned that 
parking without a permit means a citation. 

Ninety-two percent of the available parking spaces were purchased last 
year and Taylor does not expect the campus to reach its maximum 
capacity this year. There are currently 4000 available student parking 
spaces throughout the campus. Approximately 60 percent of the student 
spaces have.been sold since the permits went on sale June 30. 

Taylor added that the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) 
regulates the construction of new parking facilities . The EPA functions 
like the California Coastal Commission, restricting any building ex-
penditures which could increase the number of vehicles on campus. In 
addition, the EPA would favor better transit facilities and r£1iuced 
construction in order to control the escalation of parking services. 

The passage of Prop. 4 on the 
November ballot would expand 
legislative control of the Univer-
sity of California in regards to 
bidding procedures for con-
struction, sales of real property, 
and purchasing of materials, goods 
and services. 

Opponents of Prop. 4 include UC 
administrators on all campuses, 
UC President David Saxon, and 
William Coblentz, Chairman 'Of the 
UC Board of Regents. 

Party Reps' Outline Issues, Solutions 
David Ryer, UCSD Assistant 

Chancellor, said yesterday that the 
passage of Prop. 4 would "damage 
the University of California. 
Besides eroclng UC autonomy, It 
adds additional unnecessary costs 
(to the taxpayer) because It 
creates more bureaucracy and red 
tape, and impedes UC research 
efforts because the University's 
pu(chasing is more flexible than 
the state's." 

La Jolla Fal'lllllssue 
Propone11ls of the proposition 

include John Stull, state senator 
38th District, Leo T. Mccarthy, 
Speaker of the Assembly, and 
James S. Lee, president of the 
State Building and Construction 
Trades Council. 

Jack Wilson, field coordinator 
for Stull, said the UC Regents can 
not represent the California tax-
payers because they are "ap-
pointed, not elected." Wilaon ac-
cused the Regentl of "making 
sweet deals with their brothers" 
and "dealinl in dark rooms." He 
also noted that the Regents' 'never 
open bidding to the public ... they 
only want to HI1 to wNte Aoglo-
Saxont." 

Proponents also IIld that "it Ia 

by Law-a Richter 
Staff Writer 

Many of the same problems were 
recognized, but the solutions, as 
might be expected from the 
divergent political groups 
represented, were radically dif-
ferent. Meeting Wednesday at 
noon in the Student Center's North 
Conference Room to discuss their 
parties' platforms were 
representatives from the Com-
munist, Libertarian, Socialist, and 
Democratic parties. 

Party representatives were: 
Silvia Zapltta, National Youth 
Coordinator for the Camejo and 
Reid campaign and Socialists 
Worker Party member; Lynn 
Kinsky, california Senate can-
didate for the Libertarian Party; 
Steven Keiffer, member of the 
Young Workers Liberation League 
and Communist Party; and an 
unidentified Caner for President 
campaigner. 

Initial speaking time was 
allotted to each individual in order 
to get repreaentaUve statements 
outlininl the party's stand on 
election IlSues. Afterwards, 
questions fram the aud1atOe were 
encourqed. 
__ dDaI.aanby 

eaWnc thII year' 

elections "a total farce." Her 
party, of which Peter Camejo is the 
presidential candidate, advocates 
a total cutback in the nation's 
military budget. The "saved" 
funds would be re-allocated to 
launch a public works program 
assuring jobs for members of the 
working class. Weekly working 
hours would hopefully be reduced 
to 30 or 40 hours a week with pay at 
union wages. Strong stands were 
taken for the Equal Rights 
Amendment and minority rights, 

and Zapata also said that the death 
penalty would be opposed. 

Kinsky spoke out against the 
exorbitant taxes and social welfare 
programs that " are not achieving 
their goals." Her party, and 
presidential candidate Roger 
MacBridel support an end to all 
regulatory agencies because they 
" both harm the consumer and 
restrict competition." A decen-
tralization of power within the 
federal government is a primary 
goal of the Libertarians, as well as 

From /e/t to right, moderator Anthony GonmJes, Silvia Zapata. Lvnn 
Kinskv.and Sleuen KelDer ponder a question a ked during Wed-

,u~sday 5 debate on flection 76. [IT photo: Bill Brook ) 

an end to governmental 
regulations on trade and economic 
interests abroad. Kinsky noted that 
it is " not the place of the govern-
ment to advance morality," and 
that the public should be allowed to 
" choose their own poison." 

Keiffer was not prepared to 
elaborate on the Communist party 
platform, but he personally 
stressed that fears of a govern-
ment resembling that of the 
Soviets were unfounded. He stated 
that Democratic rights would not 
be taken away under Communist 
Party Presidential candidate Gus 
Hall, but rather that " present 
fascist power would be dissolved." 
Emphasizing that the Party is not 
totalitarian, he said that they 
believed in ~aceful relations with 
all countries. 

The unid~tified m mber of the 
Carter campaign spoke briefly 
bout how vot are " wasted" by 

voting on a third party ticket. He 
called the vote a " preclOu 
resource" that would, if pent 
correctly, enabl the g of a 
party to be reached during the four 
y ar presidential term. 

The audience of about 20 
students partici ted in a vigoro 
que tion and answer period 
following the sp eche . 



..... 1 triton time8 Frldar, oc .... u, 1t7t 
----~.~-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------~-----------

Pro: Affirmative Action is 
1/ A Statement of Principle" 

f have been invited to put the case in support of student affirmative 
action, a position that is fully consistent with my own personal con-
victions. I do so not in the context of opposing the Bakke decision but in 
the sense of narrowing its reach to what I Wlderstand the California 
Supreme Court to have said, no more and no less. 

What the court ruled .to be an Wlconstitutional infringement on 14th 
amendment rights was not the inclusion of ethnicity as a criterion in 
University efforts to combat discrimination but the isolation of ethnicity 
as tbe single factor which obliterates all other considerations. I not only 
agree with that distinction, I believe it articulates and acknowledges 
what is at the heart of student affirmative action. 

Ethnicity (or religious conviction or sex or age or physical handicap) 
as the ultimate test "of student admission (or survival) is precisely the 
notion that student affirmative action is committed to eradicate - it is the 
purposeful and unconscious application of that concept that student af-
firmative action, if it is to have any lasting meaning, must reverse. 

Quota systems in American colleges and universities which were 
deSigned to exclude or limit the admission of Jews in the 1930's are made 
no more palatable or defensible in the 1970's because they are applied to 
white males. Discrimination is not made honorable or right by pointing it 
in a different direction. 

Arguments that this is what student affirmative action is really all 
about miss the point. Instead, student affirmative action is the coovlctlon 
that today's colleges and universities must be reflective, in the most 
general sense, of society itself; that there is no longer (ifthere ever was) 
any inherent or compelling logic to a state university which is a white, 
middle class, male preserve artifically constructed and senselessly 
protected from the society which supports and is served by it; that in-
tellectual ability, academic promise and individual aspiration are not 
predetermined or naturally constricted by race or sex or physical 
limitation. 

Student affirmative action is, moreover, the procell whereby the gap 
between what we profess and what we are is closed 

At ucm, I think, student affirmative action requires an 
acknowledgment that our student body is not yet the mirror-image of the 
population of the State; that many of our attitudes and programs and 
perspectives need to change if we are to become that kind of community 
of (and for) scholars; that each attitudinal, instructional and student 
affair barrier which may still exist here needs to be identified and 
systematically dismanteled; and that, in their places, we must implant 
those bridges which will guarantee to every able student true access, 
learning opportunity and enabling support. 

Student affirmative action is not a device for admitting, teaching and 
graduating one group of students at the expense of others - it is an in-
stitutional commitment to stop doing that in every way. It is a statement 
of principle and an amendation of practice. 

And it won't go away if we try to ignore it and pretend it isn't there. 
-George S. Murphy 

Con: Have No 
Preference 

Yes, I believe that it is un-
constitutional for UC to give 
preference to minority stu4ents. It 
seems like once we realize we have 
made a mistake, we go to the other 
extreme - let's have some balance 
in our system. 

The recent decision will slow 
down the eventual equalization of 
races in professions, but balance. 
will still occur over a period of 
time. The past ruling of race 
discrimination has deprived 
qualified competent people from 
their professions, as well as having 
lowered professional standards to 
meet J:!overnment's demands. 

Let's improve our people to meet 
the standards set, rather than 
lower the standards to meet the 
people. It is a good healthy feeling 
to know that you had to work (or 
something and not just that is/was 
handed to you. Pride in one's work 
makes for a healthy nation. 

-Anonymous 

Affinnative "Discrimination" 
TIle caUfonda Stale s..reme Ceart remltly naIed tIaat H II .. 
~Ulutloul for tile Ualvenlty aI caUforaia to live primary prefereaee 
.. sed _ r.ee Ie ........ ....,... to hi law ad medicallCbeoli. Tbelr 
rulIq .... reeelved _ed re ...... 

Afflnlllldve "DlacrlllDatloll": RbeaJd II be allowed1 

Con: In Reality, It's All Another 
Form of Reverse Discrimination 

In recent yean, under federal government threats, pressure, and or-
ders, many public, and private employen have been forced to adopt 
"affirmative action" programs. In reality, "affirmative action" is litUe 
more than a eupbemism for revene dlacrlmlDadoa. This new 
discrimination is every bit as unjust and callous as all previOUS fonns of 
discrimination, though It is sometimes more subtle. 

At the root of the problem are the machinations of misguided federal 
officials and bureaucrats, spurred on by hypocritical proponents. ThIs 
U.S. government action is an example of growing federal government 
tyranny and despotism which threaten our freedom. 

The original, laudable intent of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was to 
outlaw discrimination and guarantee full equality. However, the federal 
government has subverted this law by requiring employers and 
educational institutions to provide special consideration to people of 
certain groups, allegedly to "make up for past Injustices." Why should 
previous injustices be replaced by new Injustices just as serious? Two 
wrongs do not make a rlgbt 

The real need is for what the 1964 Civil Rights Act originally called full, 
color-blind equality, with no special negative or positive consideratiolL'!l. 
Previous injustices make 110 eKC .. for an unfair policy now or in the 
future. 

The philosophy of merilocr.cy (employment and higher education for 
those who have shown merit), which has existed throughout most of our 
history and furthered our political and economic progress by finding and 
promoting the most qualified workers, is now threatened by a new, 
dangerous challenge: medlocracy. 

Mediocracy elists when a society indulges in advancing its mediocre or 
average members rather than its best, cesulting In a cruel waste of talent 
and human resources. "A£fumative action" programs, by providing 
special consideration to candidates who are ofleD less qualified, promote 
mediocracy . 

There is hope in the recent California State Supreme Court nillng, in 
which the admissions standards at U. C. Davis Medical School were found 
unconstitutional. A caucasian student who applied and was rejected in 
1973 and 1974 sued because the U. C. Davis standards set aside 16 out of 
the 100 class places for minority preference, and the specially-admitted 
students were less-qualified. 

Those who criticize racism are being hypocritical if they fail to realize 
and similaily combat this new, dangerous form of thinly-veiled, flagrant 
racism, an Wlcooscionable injuatlce ordered by the same U.S. govern-
ment which had previo..,. taken responsible anti-discrimlnation action. 

.Jeff Feutoa 

Pro: Affi rmative Action is· Necessary 

Con: End All Discrimination 
The question that should be faced 

is: granted t'lat discrimination 
against minorifiefl has existed for a 
long, long tim,!, 5hould the tables 
be turned sli.J~ly to help give 
minorities more equitable chances 
for jobs in the f Jture? 

I would say 0). 

particular, that any discrimination 
is in violation of the equal 
protection clause of the 14th 
Amendment. 

Any efforts to maneuver around 
that amendment will only add to 
the difficult task of trying to stop 

ali~crinlU1ati~ 
-Tom Burk 

The recent California Supreme 
Court ruling to give no special 
preference to minority students 
applying to it's law and medical 
schools is a serious mistake. 

The belief that racial prejudice 
and lack of opportunity have 
changed to a more ideal state of 
affairs is an illusion. The need to 
help minorities into California's 
superior medical educational 
institutions is real. 

This need comes from the lack of 
equal education and testing in the 
primary and secondary schools. It 
goes without saying that good 
education is proportional to its 
monetary support and quality of 
teaching, but not all funds and 

Who is to SiY when minorities 
are on an equ 31 footing in jobs or 
schools? Will each field have to 
have a certain percentage of each 
minority? If this is to be the case, 
then ones' ethnic background may 
easily have more importance in 
getting a position than basic 
qualification skills. 

r----...:.-----------------, . experienced teachers are evenly 
distributed among all schools. 

Also, the California State 
Supreme Court has already 
decided, through the Bakke case in 

triton times 
David Eloen· ExtcutiY. «Iltor 

M rk Stadler · Maneglng «Iltor 
Alan Russell · New. «Iltor 

Alec Nedleman· AH OCI ... New. edilor 
Vera Todorov - Community edilor 

Ran Anber • Opinion editor 
James G Soto· Adverilling M ... eger 
Becky DeVinney· PrOduction _neger 

Weodell P. Hamilton · Copy «Iltor 
Joel C. Don - A .. oclat. News «Iltor 

ScoB Sadll - Sport. «Iltor 
Tim MacKonzle • Ari. «Iitor 

Bill Brool<s . PhOIO edilor 

Funds tend to follow the directed 
stream of bureacracy while most 
experienced teachers tend to stay 
(justifiably so) where the money is 
(i.e. the most developed, trouble-
free means of rural living.) 

Thus an imbalance in the quality 
of education occurs throughout the 
state. A good local example is the 
comparison between Morse High 
School (located In south-esst San 
Diego) and La Jolla High School 
(located near the coast, north of 

San Diego.) While. between twenty 
to thirty students of La Jolla High 
were accepted to Stanford, Har-
vard or Yale, no one, to my 
knowledge, of this past year has 
been accepted to one of these three 
universities from Morse High. 

It is Wljust to expect under-
privileged minorities to compete 
by modern standards when they 
are receiving an" inferior mode of 
education. 

Bussing only helps a few in a 
world of many who demand 

equality in educatIonal op-
portunity .. 

The process of upgrading the 
primary and secondary systems is 
a long one but the cry for equality 
is heard now. It must'be answered 
now. 

For the sake of fairness and good 
will everyone should be deserving 
of a good education 

-Bm MacKeazle 

Next PRO/CON: T As Neededl 
The Pro/COD column is 

written by the students of 
UCSD. Each week a topic will 
be submitted for your CO~ 
side ration and we ask that you 
submit your respon.es in 
writing to the Triton Times by 
next Wednesday at 3 pm. 
Representative samples of your 
opinions will be published the 
following Monday. 

Last year Dr. Avrum StroU, 
faculty assistant to the Vice 
Chancellor pf Academic 
Affain, stated In an Interview 

with the TrIton Tlnles (January 
23, 1976), that .... .It is much 
more desirable for ·un-
dergraduates to be eKpoaed to 
faculty member. tban to 
teaching assistants." 

Whal do you think? Are TA's 
really necessary? Are there 
feasable alternatiYeIl, or are 
TA's an Indispenslble part of the 
Wllvenlty and should always be 
retained? 

SubmisalOl'llIhould be typed 
aoo ~b1~ 00 a 7~ 
ap.ceUne. 

FrIday, oc .... u, U7I triton times 
Letters to the. Editor 

Clarification of Speck Issue 
The Triton Times article (Oct. 6, 

1976), "Speck Found Guilty" has 
several statements which were 
incorrect. In general, the article 
failed to present a clear report f4 
either the Appointment. It 
Evaluations Committee hearings 
or the decisions reached by-A It·E. 

1. Fred Speck was not found 
guilty of the charge presented in a 
memo from the Summer Steering 
Committee of the UCSI).SCtJ. The 
charge was essentially that Speck 
was concurrenUy doing wort to 
" undermine" the Student 
Cooperative Union and main-
taining a position on the External 

Cooperative Union it is hoped that 
this sort of infraction will never 
again be tolerated and that in the 
future, officers guilty of suelt 
actions will be removed from and 
denied leadership positions. These 
• 'hopes" will be put before the Coop 
and voted on In Monday's meeting, 
Oct. 18, 1976. 

3. TheTT article states: " it was 
suggested that Speck's position on 
the Coop enabled him to obtain 
money to institute the Task For-
ce". This was not mentioned by A 
It E, but rather by an observer at 
the hearing. A" E did suggest, and 

Speck agrees, that his position dld 
allow him privileged access to and 
more credibility with the ad-
ministration. This also gets at why 
an officer of the Coop Union should 
not have the liberty to deny hislher 
status and accoWltability in such 
matters. 

To be continued .... 

MARK FINGERMAN 
Coordinator 

AppolntmeDU" Evaluatloll8 
UCSD Student Coop Union 

Mfairs Support Group. 
2. Fred Speck was found guilty of 

a conflict of interest by virtue of 
contradictory representation. The 
Cooperative Union Constitution 
(aka., Revised Proposal 197~75) 
section on "Coordinators", items 7 
and 12 were violated by Speck -
quote (/17) "Coordinators will 
naturally be understood to be 
representing the Coop whenever 
they speak relative to (the) C0-
op"; (112) "Each Coordinator's 
role should be self-defined though 
responsive to the above by-laws." 

~olby at SDSU Tonight · 

Clearly Speck violated these by-
laws by acting on an issue which 
directly related to the Coop Union 
and simultaneously denying his 
affiliation with and responsibility 
to the Union. This is evidenced by 
Speck's own admission as stated in 
the TT article - "Speck .. . stated 
that the work done on the Task 
Force was of his own initiative and 
did not involve the Coop". 

A It E feels that the Task Force 
that investigated alternative forms 
of student government did very 
much "involve" the Coop. 
Therefore Speck's actions were not 
a mere "mistake", but rather a . 
serious contradiction of con-
stitutional by-laws and the 
Cooperative Union's opposition to 
student elitism. 

Although A It E will not 
recommend that any action be 
taken against Speck by the 

There was a time when a 
disgr.cec1 public official went into 
hiding. In our liberal age, I~ is more 
likely that he will find his way to a 
television studio or a center of 
higher learning and collect Ii 
handsome honorari.um along the 
way. E. Howard HWlt, John 
Ehrlichman and Spiro Agnew have 
all been eminenUy successful on 
the public breast-beating circuit. 
But now, a new member has been 
added to these open sores on the 
body politic • war criminal, 
William Colby, ex-director of the 
CIA. 

You may have heard the name 
before sInce he has made 
numerous appearances before the 
Congress, answering with a loyal 
'bureaucrat's frankness questions 
about the CIA's role in over-
throwing the popularly~lected 
Chilean government of Salvador' 
Allende and replacing it with the 
present torturHtate (see The US 
aad Cblle by James Petras and 
Morris Morley, available in the 
Groundwork Collective 
Bookstore. ) 

He also candidly accepted 
responsibility before Congress for 
the cO\lnterrevolutionary 
"Phoenix" campaign whicb of-
fered boWl\y dollars for the heads 

-Take a walk - or ride your bike -or drive - or 
run -but come -we are lu.t laos. the .treel 

Spirits of St. Germain 
-BEER· -Imported 

·kep 
SPECIAL Lo ......... 1IIIIt & dirt( 

$7.35/CII. 6 for $2.45 unit 41c 
*WIne - the very best selection 
·Llquor 
*G roc:erles 
-PLUS an economical way to decorate your 
room -our ,GOd art posten. 

455-1414 
Houra: 8 • . m. 1O 10 p .m. Sun.·Thur. 

8 • . m. 10 11 p .m. FrI.·Sat. 
BIr1kAInarIcW and MaItar CIwge 

And Opening Mon. Oct. 18th 
germain's country deli 

A complete 1IIIction of urlUIUII 
.. ....... pIua your old favorItM. 

Imported bMrI. 
Napa wine by the <*ale. 

we deIIwr 455-1512 cm.rtng 

of suspected freedom fighters of 
the National Uberation Front. 
Some 7Al,OOO Vietnamese civilians 
were brutally killed under this 
CIA..colby version of Murder, Inc. 

This North American version of 
AdoU Eichmann will be collecting 
$2200 from the Cultural Arts Board 
of San Diego State University to 
speak tonight at 8 at Montezuma 
Hall on the SDSU campus. We urge 
you to join other outraged mem-
bers of the community for a protest 
action at 7:15 p.m. outside Mon-
tezuma Hall. 

KEVIN J . O'CONNOR 

Clapton.M 
standard by Otis Rush where 
Clapton proves that he can still 
play with as much quickness, taste 
and emotion as any guitarist alive. 

If you love to hear endless 
distorted guitar solos listen to 
some old Hendrix or Cream 
albums; if you like high quality 
lead guitar playing listen to 
Clapton's finest band, Derek and 
the Dominos or go see him live in a 
few months; but if you want to hear 
a fine album where the emphasis is 
on music and not a superstar's frail 
ego, this isn't one to pass up. 

There's room for you 
to grow in North La 
Jolla ... a rare opf:)OI'-
tunity for office and 
retail space In this 
exceptional project 
... for details on your 
new address, CO")-
tact the special ist 
with: 

Page 3 

The Triton Times Is published by UCSD students as an oilieial 81U(1(.nl newspaper 
Publication I. on Mondays . Wednesdays and Fridays during the regul¥ SChOol year 
(excepi on olflclal holidays). Editorial and business offices are localed In Ihe Student 
Cenler al Ihe University of calilornla. San Diego. For editorial. call 452·3466; for business 
and display adVertising. call 452·3468. 

Letter. to the ed itor and opinion columns ar. welcomed. All submissions must be typed 
and double-speced on a 74-Space line. They should not excead 1·1 12 pages In length. • 

Submitted material must bear the name and student ldentillcatlon number of the author. 
Names can be withheld from publication on request ; however the names will De held on file 
lor public Inspection . 

The Trilon Times reserves the rlghl 10 edit lubmlsslons because 01 space limitations or 
style requirements . 

Entire contents copyright 1976. the Triton Times. 

lAS" ~f)~I" 
f)~ "f)U~ · f)W~ 11,..1' 

I3E I rltc)1l Ilrnf?§ 
Acll'f?rll§lll~ §ctlf?§1T1 1'1 

CET THE EXPERIENCE TO FAST-TALI( 
YOUR WAY INTO ANYTHINC! 

'I'his is 
YOUR 
School 

Decide How 
You Want It to be Run 

External Affairs 
Applications 

Due October 18. Get Yours In 
Today. Available at All 

Campus Libraries, 
Student Organizations. 

EDNA at at the Student Center 

Full Service Redken Salon 
I 0 % Discount in October 
With Student or Faculty 

I.D. 
455-0610 

Get Acquainted Sale 
FERNS 

&.Ion . ~1mInii • Rooaevdtii 
Just 1375 in 6" poll 

Continued thrv Oct. 191h 
Yau will be doIitfood with en. ... and quality rJ u.... t-..tifuIlemol 
c-. in one! ~ 1ft quo5ty and low '· we buy <lind from !he _en ond _ ... • ..... 

ujolo Walden Garden 
Vollo Na.te _ Houoo PI.-
45;'%3 I IIiia end Attaooria 

Amounces the opening of a new real estate office 
to serve the La Jolla area. 

455·9200 

Evelyn Gr8gO(y. Realtor·Broker \ 
~.TORREY MESA TRAVEL,INC. Wft ~~ ~ .......... ~ ............ ____ ~ ........ ~ 

--:. :':--li~:' Villa Norte Specialty 
Villa Norte Cleanen 

3211 Holiday Court, La jolla .. >-Oblu 

... -..... .- S 

.1I.....,Q .. IAlJoIo.tA ... , 412·'.' hopping Center 
and OHlce. 

Holiday Cowt, La Jolla, CIIfomIa 
....... ~ buIdIngI witt .. bY roofa" 

Quality c .... with quality aervia. 
We open. _ "W1I pilat. 
....... DryO""'" 



...... triton tiDIes FrIdaJ,OdoIIerU,1t7t ~~--~~------------------------~~==~------------------------~ . 

.I 

"-T~ 
01 K'. II 1 O:;~() .\ ~ I - 9:00 »>]\1 

(i9HO Lu Jolla Blnt. 4:;~)-f)4aa 

Where 
anything 

can happen ... 
and usually 

does! 

lUI' 
sll!l I_IIatI· .. Carli·,... kill till· In ... · lit. 'IPS 
ltmie Cart ... 1liiie • a..... I. PH SIsIm ·lIkitbil 

Wnlln ~ JllltIIICIl · 1i1SlC~' IIIMA.IlIUHlI Itrllt" ~, MICIMl atll 
IlIjltH~, lIllIlSaI. 'An $111111 ·11 AlI I .. I.'. ~ ~ 

A H'~IISAI ~tIIll · 1It1.~OIIll ~ ~ 
I mal sound uack aV ill l~ b lt ! Jlcluslvely on .CA RecQ rds & Tapes) 

Ton ight At 6:00 · 8:00 · 10:00 P.M . 

bclusive engagement I 

ULTIMATE EXPE I 

Exclusive Engogement 
STARTS TODAY! 

Colt Theo tre for Show Time 

CPO Presents 

Friday and Saturday Films 

Friday October 15" 
7:00PM · 9:30PM 
USB 2722 $1 .25 

~-.--- -..... 

The Bicyde Thief 
&. 

A Brief Vacation 

Saturday October 16 
7:00PM 

USB 2722 $1 .00 

Two great works by the brilliant italian dIrector VittorIo de SIca, 
who through such works as "The 81cycle Thlf!/", becam 
ecognlzed as a compa slonate spokesman/or the poor. "A 8rl 

Vocation" Is a touching portraIt of a woman who begl,.. t 
awaken. per,onally and politically, durIng a few months rest at 

Anouilh Play 
Being Pnxluced 

by Sue SchaHner 

"I don't love your brother, I love 
you!" crys Isabella as she unveils 
her feelings to Frederic, or is it 
Hugo she's talking to? 

Such is the dilemma in the 
delightful comedy, "Ring Round 
the Moon," by Jean Anouilh, now 
playing at the Old Globe Theatre. 

Twin brothers, one shy and 
sensitive, the other sly ' and 
heartless, become mixed up in a 
romantic ordeal when Hugo, the 
sly one, tries to be matchmaker for 
Frederic his brother. 

Michael Byers does a wonderful 
job as both brothers. In this very 
demanding role, Michael quickly 
changes from the quiet and sen-
sible Frederic to the flamboyant 
and wild Hugo with a moment's 
pause. 

Lindy Nisbet and Debbie Taylor 
are also very good as the two 
ladies, Diana and Isabella, who the 
brothers want. 

Larry T. Statt shines in the role 
of Messerschmann, Diana's father, 
who has the money to buy anything 
but wants nothing but happiness. 

Kandis Chappell and Steven Kirk 
put in excellent performances as 
Messerschmann's mistress and his 
secretary who ate secreUy having 
an affair. 

There were a few instances of 
bumble lines, but overall the cast 
did a fine job. -

Craig Noel, director, has too 
many twists and turns in the 
blocking and the first act was a bit 
slow but still he managed to direct 
an entertaining show. 

Jack Tvgett did a fantastic job of 
choreographing the dances. 

Steven Rubin did both the set 
design and costume design. While 
the set design was simple but 
pretty, some costumes tended to 
blend into the walls. A pleasant 
surprise, the crew wore costumes 
when changing the sets. 

"Ring Round the Moon" plays 
through November 7. Tuesday 
through Sunday at 8 pm with a 2 
pm matinee on Sunday. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
" GUESS AGAIN" Orientation film 
for women students on the status of 
women ot UCSD. Will be shown 
Mon, Oct. 18, at 7 pm ond 9 pm in 
the Revelle Community Center 
(l ower Bloke Lounge, next fa the 
Icecream Hustl er) The 16mm sound 
f ilm wos made by three UCSD 
students . Show ings w i ll be 
followed by a d iscuss ion w i th the 
f ilmmakers. Free. 

'I~ 

tim mackenzie 

Station 
To 

Station 
The advertisement says "Prepare yourself for a perfectly outrageous 

motion picture." MGM's "Network" by Paddy Chayefsky is indeed 
outrageous, as well as provocative and controversial. Says producer 
Howard Gottfried, "Our film deals with the destruction of the traditional 
American ideals through a system dedicated to conformity, stan-
dardization and the I~st common denominator." Right on, Howard! 

Network newscaster Howard Beale (peter Finch). whose performance as a 
mad prophet has made his TV ratings soar, in a scene from MGM's "Net· 
work ". . 

The basic story line concerns the conversion of a highly esteemed but 
fading news anchonnan into the biggest hit personality on television . He 
becomes insane on the air, shouting about all the " bullshit" in the world, 
then sums up his feelings by telling his national television audience "I'm . 
mad as Hell and I'm not going to take it any more." The network 
executives haul him off the air in disgrace, only to find that his ratings 
have skyrocketed. He is reinstated on his show and becomes the im-
mensely popular mad prophet of television. 

However, it is the behind the scenes action that gives "Network" its 
terrific impact. The frightening specter of corporate control is mixed with 
the vehicle of television and the awesome power of the medium to 
manipulate popular thought. The message is vividly clear and believable. 

The performances from an all-star cast, headed by Peter Finch as the 
crazed TV-News anchorman, are absolutely top-flight. This is no small 
accomplishment, given the complexity of the roles. Faye Dunaway is 
superb as the ruthless yet sensual program director. William Holden and 
Robert Duvall, as the news director and corporate executive respec-
tively, have roles that aren't as challenging in their complexity, but still 
deliver convincing, compelling performances. 

"Network," directed by Sidney Lumet (" Dog Day Afternoon," " Ser-
pico." "Murder on the Orient Express") with screenplay by Paddy 
Chayefsky, has all the qualitie1i of a bo:.-office smash. The film will be 
released shortly. 

Clapton's Mature Music--
"Never Static or Redundant" 

by Rich Frank 

When one thinks of Eric Clapton, 
one too often thinks of the in-

, ( I l )(:C J) Sy', ("'\ ! ('. 
I . 

novative guitarist that he once was 
rather than the mature complete 
musician that . has emerged 
following a three year heroin 
addiction that ended in 1974. 

Contrary to many recording 
artists, Clapton's music is never 
static or redundant and this album 
marks a definite but subtle change 
from his previous two "comeback 
a1bums". One major factor is HUlt 
it was recorded on the west coast in 

Continued on Pa~e 5 

VILLAGE 

All YOUR ·BEAUTY NEEDS 
AT A LOW LOW DISCOUNT 
Professional Blow Dryers 1000 
Watts 4 Heat Settings $ 18.95 
Teflon Curl ing Irons From i6.95 
to $9.95 
Air Flo Vent Br~sh for Blow 
Drying $ 1.69 
SPECIAL INTRO. OFFER: 

for a llmlted time onl, - .how 
echooll.D .• nd get 10" DR 

737 PEARL 
STREET 

Corner of Peorl & fads in 'he 
Plalo w ith Dick 's Uquor · 
Free pork ing (enter on fads) 

roCKETS ucso lOX OffICE & 1InETRON OUTtlTS INFOI MATION ' ~2 ..,5' 459-0722 

'-

Friday,OdoberU,1I7t triton time8 

Lily Tomlin to Perform Here 
The multl-t81ented Lily Tomlin 

will appear at the uam Gym 
Sundayat8. 

Since Uly Tomlin first burst into 
American living rooms on NBC's 
"Laugh-in," she has delighted 

audiences with, among others, 5 
year-old Edith Ann, Ernestine the 
telephone operator, and Sister 
BoOgie Woman, a 77 year-old 
evangelist. She has also won 3 
Enunies, one Granuny, 3 citations 
from the American Academy of 
Humor, an Academy Award 
nomination for Best Supporting 
Actress in Na.hville, plus the New 
York Film Critics and Society of 
Film Critics awards. 

Violinist Daniel Koblalka of the 
San Francisco Symphony and his 
wife, pianist Machiko Kobialka 
will inaugurate "Wednesday 
Evening Concerts At The Man-
deville Center" this Wednesday at 
8. 

" It will be a varied evening - full 
of many contrasts in the music," 
claims Kobialka. "Summer 
Music" by Erickson, "Forms For 
A Duo" by Kupferman, "Diatribe" 
by Wayne Peterson and Kobialka's 
II Autumn Beyond." 

More than 35 works have been 
·written for Kobialka during the 

past few years, and he was chosen 
concertmaster by Leonard Bern-
stein for his "Mass" and " Can-
dide." 

Pacific Gas with special guest 

Clapton .. 
Shangri-La Recording Studios, 
owned by The Band. Because of his 
change in locale, the album is 
produced by Clapton and Rob 
Fraboni. This marks the absence 
for the first time in seven years of 
his long-time producer, Tom 
Dowd, who has also produced 
Lynyrd- Skynyrd, The Allman 
Brothers, Rod Stewart, Aretha 
Franklin, The Stills _Young Band, 
Wishbone'Ash , and many others. 

The production on this album is 
more lush with more keyboards 
and background vocals than any of 
his previous albums. Clapton also 
once again proves his love for 
playing with other musicians as 
Ron Wood, Jesse Ed Davis, Peter 
Townshend, The Band, plus his 
own seven piece band all appear on 
NO REASON TO CRY. 

Paul Butterfield, featuring (.pUss 
Taylor (fonnerly of Crosby, Stills, 
Nash & Young) and Goldie McJohn 
(Steppenwolf) will be in concert 
tomorrow at the La Paloma 
Theater in Encinitas. 

In keeping with his previous two 
studio albums, Clapton puts more 
emphasis on his singing and one 
will notice a slight change in his 
voice that make him sound a little 
like Joe Cocker due to an 
automobile accident over a year 
ago. 

-The album is evenly balanced 
between up tempo songs like 
"Carnival" and laid back ballads 
such as "Sign Language", a vocal 
duet with Bob Dylan which also 
includes some nice dobro playing 
byClapton. 

This album might disappoint you 
if you're still thinking only in terms 
of Clapton the guitarist as he plays 
some slide guitar and fills but not 
many " solos". The one exception is 
" Double Trouble", a slow blues 

(;ontinued on Page 3 

Parking 
St~dents are Reminded 

"5" Parking P.nnits are YaHd in YELLOW STRIPED 
Parking Spaces Only. (See Campus Map) 

Citations are Issued for megal Parking. FamiJiarill 
Yourself with the Parking Regulations. 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223 

CPO Presents 

Ed & Lorraine Warren 

"Exolcisms and 
Possessions" 

"America's top ghost hunters" 
ED and LORRAINE WARREN 
have been psychic investigators 
for thirty·one years and are 
consultants to the famous 
Psychical Research Foundation 
in Durham, North Carolina. ED 
WARREN is recognized as one of 
only seven leading psychic in· 
vestigators in the United States. 
LORRAINE WARREN has been 
a clairvoyant and light tran· 
cemedium since she was a child . 

EXORCISMS AND POSSESSIONS 
OCTOBER 21 , NOON 
MANDEVIllE AUDITORIUM 
STUDENTS S1.00 
GENERAL ADMISSION 52.00 

A Campus Program Board Presentation 
452·4559 for Information 

UCSD DRAMA DEP AR'I'M F:NT PRESENTS 
(IN COOPERATION WITH THE INTERCAMPUS CULTURAL EXCHANGE COMMITTEE) 

RUTH SOLOMON 
AND 

BYRON WHEEI.ER 

IN CONCERT 
IMAGES OF DANCE THEATRE PRESENTED BY A COMPANY OF FINE 

PROFESSIONAL DANCERS AND CHOREOGRAPHERS 

One Perfonnance Only 
Friday, October 15 

8:00 Mandeville Auditorium 
Admission $2.00 

TICKETS AVAILABLE IN THE UCSD THEATRE 1203MCl TICKET 

OFFICE TODAY FROM 12:00 TO 4:00 AND AT THE DOOR AT 7:15 TONIGHT. 

- -- - - - - - -=.:-=.-=---===-------=-=-= =--=-~ =- =-=-----== -----=--=----=----=--



..... 

Darkroom 
Supplie. 

Quality Equipment 
UCSD Budge; Numbers Accepted 

Boh J)a \ is ( a IlH',-a Shop 
I I" • f I , II. I 1 ' I I 

triton time8 
, 

CoX, Gonzales 
Lead Team To 
Ea~y ' Victory 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

Led by three-goal perfonnancea 
by both Alan Cox and Alfonso 
Gonzales, the UCSO soccer team 
routed Cal Baptist College .... 1 at 
home Wednesday in the Tritons 

., league opener. J Prior to the game Cal Baptist 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

For U(SJ) Only 

NEW YORK 
LAX-JFK 
JFK-LAX --... 

$224 tax Included 
• Also available ••. 
• - PSA Reservations (and tickets) 

shouted their way through a series 
• of crisp football-like warm-up 
• drills. Most of their actual play was 
• as m uch askew as these 
• regimented calisthenics. 
• UCSD completely dominated the 
• action from the very outset ~ the 
• contest. Two quick goals by Cox in 
• the first ten minutes of play set the 
• Tritons' offensive tempo for the 

remainder of the one-sided affair. 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• - Beat the Christmas rush ... make your Christmas. 
• plans now • 
• - Alternative dates to New York (Call for details) • 
• • 
• - Charter flights to LONDON and FRANKFORT (60 
• days advanced booking required) • 

• 
• ~ Open 12-4 pm Mon , Wed , Fri • 
: CIEE Student Travel Services 452-0630 • 
\L International Center, UCSD . 1I I 
'-........................ .,/ 

---OLD MOW'S ' OOOD TIME • • OLD 
BA.RTlENDIEM ' HK W DRINKS ' OLD 
WOMaN ' YOUN G "':H • O LD G AM •• 
• Nltw R ULZ8 ' O LD KJTCHJ:N • HOT 
8ANDWICHJ:8 • OLD COOK . " tINTl.E 

RUTH . O LD P UCK. N J:W AIR HOCx.ay 
• OLD M_EN • YOUNG WOMEN ' OLD 
POOL • NEW PONG • OLD JI'LOOR • 

GREAT DANCINO • OLD roo&BALL • 
NEW PACH JN1l0 

OLD HOURS ' IIAM TO 1:30AM 
OLD PLACE ' ... 8 GARNET 

free AdmlSllon Till October 18 with this Ad 

New from Levlsl 
"Movln' On" Jeans. 

Alfonso Gonzales [IT photo: Bill 
Brooks1 

After uam missed shots on 
several scoring opportunities, Cal 
Baptist stayed in the game with a 
goal midway through the first half. 
Juan Cachianes broke free as the 
result of some poor bslI-handling 
by the UCSD fullbacks for the 
visitor's lone score. 

UCSD came right back to score 
just' before the end of the period 
when Carlos Ponte's pass found 
Gonzales runn ing by himself 
towards the Cal Baptist goal and 
the Triton's leading scorer booted 
home his first goal of the af-
ternoon. 

The second half was nothing 
more than target practice for 
UCSD. 

Besides Cox 's third score , and 
two more by Gonzales, the Tritons 
received goals from Ponte and 
Mike Schein. 

Despite UCSDs strong offensive 
showing, after the game Triton 
coach Ban Rothmuller cited his 
team's insistence on trying to force 
the ball down the center of the field 
instead of utilizing the wings as one 
of the team's continuing major 
faults . " Three quick passes take a 
couple of seconds to get the ball 
into scoring position, but we take 
all day trying to dribble up the 
middle of the field ," said Rot~ 
muller. 

UCSD plays at home again 
tomorrow in a 1:00 pm game with 
Azusa Pacific. 

LlkI to Jog? W, 

offENSiVE 
Scott Sadil 

Intramural AsshoIism 
Dear Doctor SS, 
HELP MEl ,.... 
I know we've been over tbia .,.m and again and again. But It doesn't 

aeem to do any good. 
I still have IT! 
I try to behave. I only have two beers belen our intramural football 

games. I don't wrap my flags aroWld the belt 10 they're hard to pull oft. I 
trim my fingemalla and brush my teeth and I doo't cuss out the referee If 
my team loses the coin toea. 

I tell myself it's only a game, a chance to get some exercise, a way to 
meet some new people. 

But it doesn't help. I'm still afflicted. 
The minute the game starts something terrible bappens to me. I ... I ... I 

just go ... I just turn into ... I become, well ... I become an ushole. 
AAAGHH!!!! 
But it's not my fault. Really. TIle other teams, the bastards, try to win, 

too. People nm into me. Sometimes I even get knocked down. And those 
damn chickB aren't satisfied just to play in the game"", they have the gall 
to throw and catch and even score toudxlowns. 

So I start taking the game seriously. I play just like I did in high school. 
I throw elbows, take cheap shots, trip blockers, step on toes, grab for a 
runner's Flag instead of nags. 

On defense I'm like Dick Butkus. On offense, like Dick Nixon. I yell 
"Hey FUCK-er!" and "Watch it, Prick !" a lot. I play bump and run. I tell 
our quarterback to run a 22-Blast, and let me be the blast. 

I do all the usual assholic things. 
Please help me, Doc. I said I would be different this year, but I'm as 

bad as ever. I don't know what to do. I think my friends don't like me any 
more. 

What should I do? (Please answer before Saturday because that 's when 
we play Navel Lint, the team that beat us out of a playoff spot last year 
and I want to kick their butts without being an asshole.) 

Sincerely and diseasedly yours, 
Andy The 
Dear AT, 
Before every intramural football game partake in one or all of the 

following preventive actions: 
1) Sit in the sauna for an hour. 
2) Read Hesse's Slddartha. 
3) Take drugs (psychedelics only). . 
.4) Look in your high school yearbook at the picture of you with your 

football tea m . 
5) Along or with a partner (quarterbacks and centers usually do quite 

well at this to/ttether ). induce repeated orgasms. • 
6).usten to Cat Stevens' "Tea For The Tillennan" album. 
7) Plant a flower seed (daffodils and pansies are nice). 
8) Do needlepoint and, if you must, drink Ute beer. 
These are just a few of the methods I prescribe in my new book " I 

Found Happiness With A Flag Between My Fingers: The Convel'llion ~ 
an Intramural Asshole." 

Good Luck Saturday, 
Dr. SS 

Second Straight Win 
For Waterpolo Team 

UCSD's waterpolo team, coming 
off their first victory of the season, 
recorded another win last Wed-
nesday by downing Pomona-
Pitzer, IfHI. 

After the game, Triton's coach 
Gary Becker remained unim-
pressed with his team's per-
fonnance as penalties and sloppy 
play marred the contest. 

Despite coach Becker's dismay, 
however, UCSD scored a season 
high of 15 goals enroute to their 
second straight victory . 

Frank Ebel led the scoring for 
UCSD in the first half with three 
goals. Rick Lantz and Dave 
Wineteer each scored two goals in 
the second quarter to advance San 
Diego's lead to five at the half. 

UCSD's goalie Bob Ali turned in 
his second defensive gem of the 
new season, holding Pomona to 

BOD" 
& §OLE 
If Adidu 

only five goals through three 
quarters of play. 

UCSD maintained a five point 
margin into the final stanza on 
goals by Tom Jorgensen and 
Wineteer in the third quarter. 
Pomona opened the fourth period 
with five quick fouls and the 
Triton's Lantz capitalized on the 
ensuing penalty shot. UCSO's lead 
increased to lU when Dave 
Dentoo scored on the second 
penalty shot awarded to the 
Tritons. . 

Pomona pulled to within four 
midway through the period but 
another score by San Diego's 
Corky Hull on a penalty shot, 
sealed the game. The match 
C()ncluded with UCSD winning IfHI, 
as Hull and Mike McGuire each 
added their aecond goals of the 
game before time had run out 

A slimmer. European 
cut. Wit '\ Levi's Quality. 
In lots of fabrics and 
colors . The Gap's got a 
ton of ·em. Fall in today. 

carry the wholt 11111 of Ad ... 
Running IIMI_ Allo CIHh and 

We,...u,., L,II" ShMI, SparmrHr 
and .... , the EntIn Ad ... 0.11 et 

MAkES IT, 
WE SEll IT 

4688 CONVOY 
MISSION VALLEY ~ 

• I 
. 8 

Body 1& SolE 
4~4 PURl ST., LA JollA 

4~4-1'J~ 

triton times 

T RiYON CLAssifiEds 
Closet Writer.; We know you're In there . 
Pleale come out. Send your wOfl( to clo 
Helicon . campus Mall Code COO5. (10/20) 

Susan & Our Drama 12 Section · You tolks are 
110 great! Don't change · It·s perI9Cll "{'\PPY 
WEEKEND I 

WANTEd 
Need ri de to Bay are. on Thurs., Oct. u or 
Frl., Oct. 15. Wi ll help w/ga •• etc. Cont8Ct 
Steve 755·7o&().t . 

Spanish and French prlv.t. lessons. 23" 
0391 .",.nalon 335. (10/25) PseudOjock ; "EaS1coast girl. are hlp but 

don't )/OU wish they all could be CA girl • . " tn 
TECHNICAL ILLUSTRATIONS anticipation 01 osculallon . await ing the 

Graphs. etc. lor publications . Reasonable , rating . Love. tbe Fearless.4. (10118) 
rush welcome. Paul 27&-5156e_ . (10115) 

Students Interested In dining with Sociable . Tutor lor Biochemistry Msc . Reasonable lee. To Darling Doris In 258. Have a wonderful 
weekend . Hope you had a wonderful week. 
Your adoring B·B . UCSD prols. sign up at page 1 or Call 452· Call 45906109 aller 9 ;00 pm or weekends . 

:o:;alt Artla" needed • Pastel _ Char . • 011. (10115) PERSONAls BeI"iI1ogether is belter than being apart. 
EJ<celient money. Phone Dayte 755-3229. 

Ride wanted to Enaenada any FrI. . Sat .. or 
Sun . Or back Dn a Sun. night. Help 
gas/drlvlng. 453·3123 Rita (1011 8) 
Telephone solicitors. Good hourly wage and 
bonuses . Near to UCSO. 4 shitls . tmmedlate 
openlngs·275·2535 (10118) 

fOR SAlE 
'69 Opel Kadelte. Runs really well . new SU. 
Radls . & Trans. $575.753-1199. 

51<1 Alta /I. Snowbird Utah · 11110 • lodg ing · 
Irans. Nov. 24 • Nov . 29 $129.95. Tickets on 
sale Oct. 186pm. HSS1330. 

FOR SALE: Yamaha FGt60 6 string acoustic 
gullar. Good condo $100 with 0011 shell case. 
Phone' 452·3860/755-0936. 

Dodge Van 1975. 17.000 mlies • perfect shape 
• carpet · panelled · AMI FM stereo · custom 
paint. 454-4n2 or 459·7630 (1 0/20) 

SClentilic slide rule calculator. Comparable 
to HP35. SRSOA. Best otter . 453-6645 Ed 
alter 4. 

' 71 Honda SL35OK1. Perfect condition. S450 
or best. Call 224·3974 or 275-2751 (1011 8) 

(2) Epicure 11 Loud.peaker • . 3 month. old. 
Guaranteed 10 years. Watnut cabinet . List 
$150. sell $95 . 453-5298 .. 

For Sale; tBM Selectric typewri ter. 2 yrs old . 
Cost S850. new. Will lell lor 'h price or Best 
oller . Gerry 427·7802 . (1011 8) 

197t Da tsun Plck·up with she ll. Good 
condition . Bucket sea ts. New tires. 753·2582 
or 753-204 t (10 /22) 

'71 Dal sun 51 0. Lo m ites. A"' /FM. surf racks . 
$11 00 or Best . Excellent t ransportation. Calt 
Tom 488-8489. 

Sale: '65 Pont. 6 cyl. runs OK . Looks bad. no 
rear windOW. has radio. good tires. cal. 
smog . $200 or Bast. 27"8393. 
Never used co .... r lor Porache 91 1. 912. coat 
S80 will sell lor $60 . Cail 48t -0843 , ask lor 
Mark . (10/15) 
Graphite dri_ firm shalt Wilson XL500 never 
used $45 firm 453-7368 ask lor Rick (10/15) 
'69 Open Kadelte runs really well . new .11. 
radls. & trans. $575 753-1199 (10115) 
Complete living room $60. Couch · chair· 2 
end tables · cocklail table. 272.Q364. (lOllS) 

70' Austln·Amerlca. 4 new tlr~s. new Irans . 
starter . over 30 mpg. 50.000 mi . $760. 452· 
2032 aller 7 pm orwknd . (10/15) 

• SERVICES 
Tutoring Algrebra . Trigonometry. Analgeon. 
Calcu lus: Physics. Gre. Stai l.tlcs. Call Ish 
anytime 287· 475t . (10/27) 

Drum Lessons . Congas. bongos & Olher 
Instruments · Latin/ Alrlcan/Jazz rhythms ' 
11'1 lunI436-5778 evening s. Ray (10/25) 

Varsity Waterpolol Fridey at 3:00 v. Slate at 
Siale and Saturday at 4:00 va Occidental 
HERE. 

ACAD EMIC RESE.\RCH PAPERS . 
Thouaande on tile. Send $1.00 for your 192· 
page . matt order cateiOO . 11 322 Idl M Ave .• 
'206H. Los Ang ..... Cam. 80025 (213) ~77· 
8474. (12/ 6) 

Attention 
Pre-Medsl Pre-Dents 
H you are applying to 
Medical/Dental Schoo" 
NOW .. d wteh an In-
terview with the com-
mitt •• , contact the 
Preilled Offtce, Student 
Oent_ Complex, Bldg. B, 
Immedtat.ly. Abeolutely 
no lat.r than Frida" 
October 22. f-----=H-H----COMMUNI'I'Y 
BLOOD 

'13.... I 
f 327F5.... ! 
' PAYSDONOBS I for .!~r:,o- I 
t 133-1481 ( 

t~ .... ,~.!!~~~,.1 

Fine psychology, much history & literature. 
al l ..... . Fine books bought & IIOld. Ex Ubrls 
bookstore In Solana B:each 755-7323. 

Lowry· My love poem to )/Ou Is waiting to be 
read at cl oHelicon. Campus mail code 
COO5 .• A secret Admirer 
TS My lovely Ms. Mccabe. May )/Ou have the MYRUS ANYONE? IF YOU WANT TO. best 01 weekends with the best 01 my love. I 

love U. MarI<us. 

To JAMES In 206. Have a fantas t ic weei<end 
and quarter! From )/Our BB the Cheshire Cat. 

TAMARA . 3rd Col . So . Gave me a rlda on 
Mon . 11th. Like to see U again. II you too. 
pu t Inlo. onT.T. board . IOSPLAYR. 

To Mr. Lundgrew 01 Ihe Suicide Hotl ine ; I've 
got )/Our number. Till we talk agaln ... Sulclde 
Sally. 

John Christianson: Please contact me al 292· 
0213. 
Have a lovers longing for the lollowlng ot 
IiIm? Cell THE SCREENING ROOM . 264·3837 
LTD MEMBERSHIP . 

FREE CONCERT: Sunday. I ().17· 76. On the 
grass between Urey Hall & the Gym. Noon to 
live. 

To Adorable AI In 263-Hope your weekend 

GO FOR1T. 
WN 

II you are Interested In lormlng ari Eck 
Student Org . on campUS. cail lhe S.D. 
Sat5ang Center 29&-5748. 

housiNG 
Fem roommate wanted lor large modern 
Oceanlront apt. In Mission BCh. 5100 mo. 
454·8637 or 48&8124. 

Own room In house N Clrmt with 3 grads . 1 
m. 2 t. S80/mo & 'I. utlls. Garagelgarden 
Mark . 272·0987 or X4114. 

TRAvEl 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUS! New York & 
Europe flights. PSA reservations CIEE 
Student Travel Services. open Mon .• Wed .• 
Fri. 1 ~·4 pm . Ceil 452-0030 (12/6) 

is sunny. happy & stupendous. -The good Full Service Travel Agency. All carriers In • 
Woman 01 S. cluding charters I American Youth Hostel 
Jerry . " w~ good. and It was right. Thanks· cards available. Call Baryel or Sam at TMT 
L. 452·1981 . NO SERVICE CHARGE I (12/6) 
~ ......... "' ........................................... . 

: NEW YORK CHARTER FLIGHTS; I CHRISTMAS VACATION - $209 i Break-Away Tours, 9056 Santa Monica Blvd . i 
.****** .. ~~:~~.:.:*~?~;*S~!~)*~?~~~* .. **J 

XEROX COPIES 
NOMI81MUM 

JeIAINY MESA 3 cents with Student 10 
8333 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Phone 560-9002 

Stanford MBA 
REPRESENTATIVE 

COMING TO CAMPUS 
WEDN ESDAY, OCTOBER 20 

A representat ive of the Stanford Graduate School of 
Business will ho ld two group sessions (9:00 to 9:45 
a.m. and 2:00 to 2:45 p.m.) on campus to discuss 
with int erested students t he except ional educational 
opportu nit ies of the Stanford MBA Program. 

Appointments may be made wit h 
Ricardo Rodriguez 

through The Career Planning and Placement Office 
The Stanford MBA Program is a two-year general 
management course of studies designed for men and 
women who wish to develop management skilis to 
meet the broad responsibil it ies which will be requ ired 
in both the private and public sectors in the futu re. 

THE STANFORD UNIVERSITY 
GRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS 

Stanford, California 94305 

A career in the Coast Guard. 
Right now the Coast Guard is looking for 

men and women to fill important leadership 
positions In several fields: computer manage-
ment, engineering. operations research. 
economics. and chemistry to name a few. 

We have a lot of jobs to fill, and we need 
to fill them now . 

With the Coast Guard. your career begins 
the day you get out of officer candidate school. 
And you get al l the job you can handle. 

As a Coast Guard officer, you put your 
training and leadership ability on the line all 
the time. Our main business is saving lives -
not just mariners in distress. but the life of 
our environment as well. Your work will be 
challenging and exciting. 

Starting pay as an officer is nearly 
$10,000 a year. During your first three years 
with the Coast Guard. normal promotion and 
seniority raises will increase that salary by over 
40 percent. Medical and dental care is free. 

If you want to continue your college 
studies after working hours. we offer tuition 
assistance. Or if you decide to make the 
Coast Guard a career, you may apply for 
post-graduate training. The Coast Guard will 
pay your tuition and keep you on full salary 
while attending graduate school. Another 
benefit for career officers is a generous re-
tirement option after only 20 years of service. 
Something you won't find many other em· 
ployers offering whi Ie you're still in your 40's. 

We don't pretend to otfer ~he perfect job 
for everyone. Quite frankly. we're pretty selec· 
tive about the men and wom~n we choose to 
join our officer corps. But if a leadership 
posit ion in the Coast Guard sou1ds like your 
thing. we 'd like to meet with ybu. Ask your 
college placement office for an appointment 
with our representativ . 

Ourfepresentative will be here 
Oct. 22 . 



proc:ea ..... ~. and periodic 
auditl bJ .. accountants 
and .. te and f eral autb)riUes 
have found UK' adequate. 1bere 
is no apparent ~ason to erode the 
University's aut~omy by granting 
the Legislature more authority 
here." 

DlscrtmlaatJoD "Gimmick" 
Prop. 4 w,mdd alBo forbid 

discrimination in admissions on 
the basis 01 race. religion or etmic 
background; tbe state constitution 
already outlaws discriminatioo by 
sex. 

This clause is controversial 
because proposition opponents say 
it is just a "gimmick" to legitimize 
Prop. 4. Wilson said "that we, the 
proponents, want to modernize the 
existing law. Rather than 
eliminiate the clause on sex 
discrimination, we want to add 
race and religion discrimination to 
the law." 

A "No" on Proposition 4 editorial 
in the San Diego Evening Tribune 
on October 9 stated the proposition 
" would also add language to the 
state Constitution governing the 
grounds for denial for admission to 
the University, language that is 

. duplicative of existing law and 
unnecessary except to "sell" this 
measure to the voters as 
prohibiting discrimination. " 

The LA Times editorial also 
states, " If the university system 
discriminated against minorities 
in its admission policies, the 
measure would be a necessity ... 
the proposed constitutional 
amendment to correct them both 
(competitive bidding and 
discrimination) is unnecessary 
and redundant. " 

A meeting of 011 Fourth College 
students interested in assisting with 
the election to approve the new 
Fourth College Constitution w i ll be 
held Tuesday, October 19th, at 3:30 
p,m, at 302MC Contact Poula Hu i if 
unable to attend but interested in 
he lp ing, 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

come and hear 
Rev. Dr. John J. Wight 

on 

How to think about your 

own body, mind and soul 

This Sunday 10:45am: 
71 5 Silverado 

La Jolla 

THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE 

of the 
UNfirnOSTATESOFAMEUCA 

is looking for 
men and women to be: 
political labor officers 

economic commercial officers 
administrative officers 

consular officers 
.nd lor the US \IIln ahon "aency 

information I c.dtural officer 
Work-and serve- n ashington and 
overseas, You ml5t be an Amer ican 
citi7!m and 21 year old in orde r to 
take the written Ixamination which 
will be given this yea r on December 
4, Entering pay , y Is ar" bct • .'ccn 
$11.046 and $15, 179, Applications 
for the December eJlamination must 
be submit ted by 0 tober 24, For 
additional inform ition and applica-
tions write to: 

Board of :~x mil! rs 
RoolT 7000· 

D parlm nlof I Ie 
Wash,nSlon, D.C, 20520 

..... 

, 
tlitoa tiae8 

HEY LITTLE OIRL ••• ,·w ...... be on the 
CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD? 

The c.mpu. Proglllm 1oanI · .... f"IUP thet IIroutht ..,lILY TO_IN, GENE 
WILDER, nil WEISBERG, THE TUBES, .... FRIDAY and SATURDAY FILMS, 
and m_ • Ie _ .....,... act ...... for .... _..,.., 01 thl.1CfIooI , .. r and 
.... 77.'71 _, In OIdar 10 do ....... t job,......., they lINd JOur .... 
and .uggeallon., The, went to know whet JOU ..,.. In ..... ., 01 en-
.... lnm .... t , In .... pI.t, ............. worUd In term. 01 .... following 
C8tegortn: 11m., pop ~, Jazz, lolk_ntry, lectuIW, poetry, * __ 
dlllma, d.aalclk:OIIIenIpoqry 1IIUeIc: ••• but ...... '. noIhIng uc ... lbouI .... 
C8tegor\H andltlay ...... toh.r.nrthlng you .... lnmlnd. 

The Boa..,. .ub-commlt .... 
.. we opening. ancI would III1e 
Itudem with In ...... or ... 
partl.. In .n, 01 th.M 
categorIH to help In .... 
dIc:I.Ion·,..klng prGC8M. II 
YOU... 1fII. partllft; ..... 
atop by .... Artl a LactuIW 
offlca. Sulldlng B 01 the 
Stud .... t Cenler. or call t .. m.t 
X4OIO, Remember • on., YOU I 
can help ulclecl*! ~ 

. .. 

r 
• STUDENT SPECIAL Jf. 

~~\ A 35mm Camer. PlCk.,e dniped ~ and priced especially for the coUe.e student 
Includes: 

-Full·featured Vlvltar220 Sf Clmeri Body 
-Formula V 35mm Wide Antta Len. 
-Formula V 135mm T.I.~ortrllt Lent 
-K 2 FIlter. For Both ~ 
-Set cI Close-up EIteMion Rlnp 
-5 ~r W.rr.nty on Body.nd Len ... 

Value over '380; Student Price '249 
Recomended by a college Photography instructor and 

a professional Photographer a-s the best combination 
for the serious student (j)ctmE;;2wO;~Dt 

1071 Sixth Ave [comer of "C"] 232·5044. We PlY the 
Parking. We Pay Cash for Used Equipment 

Mllt.rch.rga S..,kAmarlc..-d Financing Av.lI.bI. 

'We found ourselves suited 
for an affair to remember. 

We had pe nt days togethe r. But this was a special 
evening: The board was set and we were ready to go, 

HE was a man who knew how to put hi s look together. 
Wi th b lack v st and jack t from his three-piece, European·tailored suit. 
Combined with beige pants, shirt and pocket scarf. The jacket and 
vest had pick titching ; plus the jacke t featured peak lap Is and inside 
pockets for hi keys and cigarettes, 

HE was a classic beauty in her three- piece dress s uit, 
and she knew how to wear it. With a soft, geometric print nylon shirt 
underneath , And h r full y lined jack t and vest rustling as II moved, 

Ocean Beach 
1 65 Sunset Cliff 
Chula Vi ta 
311 Broadway 

tat Coli g 
6349 EI Cajon 

Clothing~ Hthe ~untIy 
Classy clothes for the two of you, 

Clairemont 
5953 Balboa 
Laguna Hills 
Laguna Hills Mall 
Pacific Beach 
1159 Garnet 


