
Student Committee 
Process Streamlined 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

A change has been made in the 
selection process for student 
members to at-large campus 
committees - but there is some 
disagreement over the significance 
of that change. 

After a meeting Friday between 
two administrators and two 
Student Cooperative coordinators, 
the appointment process was 
streamlined to allow student ap-
pointments to go directly to the 
officers of various committees. 

Previously, . appointments went 
through Student Center Director 
Mark Bookman and Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs George Murphy, under the 
final discretion of Chancellor 
McElroy. 

Hughes: 
Always A Man 
With A Cause 

by Cathy Fitzmaurice 
Staff Writer 

H. Stewart Hughes, one of the 
history department's newest 
members, has been, at various 
times: 

A division chief for the Office of 
Strategic Services (OSS); 

"The first all-out peace can-
didate to become eligible for the 
US Senate" ; 

A co-chairman or chairman of 
the National Committee for a Sane 
Nuclear Policy. 

However, in a recent interview, 
Hughes was more interested in 
speaking of his present roles of 
child-raiser and co-housekeeper in 
what he called his liberated 
household. 

Hughes believes the most im-
portant revolution in progress is 
the women's liberation movement. 

Backed Mary Wright 

Hughes first became interested 
in the women's movement 20 years 
ago at Stanford University when 
Mary Wright, a noted Chinese 
historian, was refused a position 
there. Hughes felt the action was 
discrimination, a trend he sees 
throughout the American college 
network. " 

Wright eventually became 
Yale's first woman professor. 

After Meeting 
The change was accomplished 

after the meeting between Coop 
Appointments and Evaluations 
coordinator Mark Fingerman, 
Coop Internal Affairs coordinatot 
Mark Rapaport , Assistant 
Chancellor Dave Ryer and Mur-
phy. 

Before Friday, the selection 
process was "vague and com-
plicated," Fingerman said in an 
interview Monday. He added that 
committees were often confused 
because they wouldn't know who 
made up the memberships. 

" I felt the process was an ad-
ministrative check on student 
affairs," Fingerman said. He 
especially thought it might have 
been a problem " if the campus got 
radical again, " and one ad-
ministrator used the process to 
arbitrarilv exclude students with 
whom he disagreed politically. 

The administration, on the other 
hand, saw it as an expedient, he 
said. 

Murphy concurs with this later 
opinion. He said Monday that he 
had never seen his role as one of 
rendering judgement on student 
appointments, but rather of 
housekeeping. 

"I just forwarded names to the 
committees," he said. 

Murphy discounted the idea that 
one administrator might abuse the 
old process, saying that in his eight 

Continued on Page 4 

Punter P ierre Bedard 
attempts a field goal 
during" MONDAY NIGHT 
"NERF" FOOTBALL in 
Tioga Hal (10th floorl . 

Phot~ by Nathan Meyers . 

Forum to Examine 
Historicity of Christ 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

An objective and academic 
approach to religious issues will be 
the subject of a week-long forum 
here at UC San Diego beginning 
Monday. 

The Campus Crusade for Christ 
(CCC) is sponsoring a lecture 
se ries by Harold Hoehner , 
professor of New Testament 
ExeResis at Dallas Theological 
Seminary on the subject " Jesus : 
Fact and Fallacy." 

Hoehner will present five talks 
next week on the subject of the 
historicity of Jesus Christ. 
According to George Post, on three 
of those nights, UCSD professors 
will make comments on Hoehner's 
presentation. 

On Monday and Friday, Hoehner 
will speak on " Jesus ofthe Gospels 
and the Qumran Community" and 
" Jesus the Predicted Messiah," 
respectively. 

On Tuesday, Hoehner will speak 
on Jesus of the Gospels or First 
Century Distortion. Latin lecturer 
Laurence Waddy will comment on 
political issues raised. 

On Wednesday, Hoehner will 
address his lecture to the subject of 
"Jesus of the Gospels or the 
Critics." David Crown, associate 
professor of literature will then 
comment on the origin of St. Paul's 
religion. 

On Thursday Hoehner will 
discuss " Jesus as the Souroe or the 
Product of Christianity"· History 
professor Alden Mosshammer will 
then talk about New Testament 
Documents. 

Book of the Year 
Hoehner's latest book Herod 

Antipas, published at Cambridge 
University, recently won an award 
as the top book ofthe year. 

Post says the lecture series will 
academically approach religious 
issues brought up in the classroom. 

Continued on PJlge 8 

N~tional City Drive 
Halted; Clerk Blamed 

by Brian Davis 
Staff Writer 

The National City recall drive 
aimed at the mayor and two 
councilmen has been stalled as a 
result of alleged discrepencies on 
petitions signed by 25 percent of 
the registered voters in that city. 
The recall was initiated following 
the shooting death of Tato Rivera 
by National City policeman Craig 
Short. 

According to the city clerk, of 
National City, who received the 
petitions on Dec. 31, incorrect 
precinct numbers were given for 
up to fifty perce nt of the 
petitioners. These and any other 
errors, such as misspelling or 
illegibility, can invalidate 
signatures. 

Herman Baca, spokesman for 
the Ad Hoc Committee on Chicano 
Rights, said the fault for the foul up 
lies with the city clerk who he said 

GSC Aids Grad 
Students in 
Many Areas 

The Graduate Student Council 
(GSC), an officially recognized 
organization by the ad-
ministration, has been actively 
working to " aid graduate students 
in all phases of their lives." 

According to Mike Elcan, 
chairman of the council, academic 
requirements , housing, individual 
rights and social activities have 
played roles in GSC affairs. 

A major part of the GSC's ac-
tivities have centered around the 
Teaching Assistant (TA) situation. 
A TA " Bill of Rights" was drafted 
earlier in the year, which " forms 
the basis for the GSC's drive to 
secure fair and just treatment of 
TA's." The GSC has also initiated a 
T A training program. 

Currently, the GSC has been 
working through the Academic 
Senate to formulate· resolutions, 
recommendations , and statements 
that will outline the duties of 
graduate students as T As. The 
Graduate Council, a subcommittee 
of the Academic Senate, comprised 
of faculty members and two 
representatives from the GSC, has 
been involved in the working 
conditions, minimum pay, and 
work overload of T As. 
Am"azingly Important Re olutions 

Two resolutions are "amazingly 
important" according to Elcan. 
The first deals with no work 
overloads for TAs. The second 
makes 33% FTE the " bottom line" 
for T As in each department. These 
resolutions, will point out the 
deficiencies in the number of T As 
in some departtnents. Elcan stated 
that the resolutions must go 
together, for one without the other 
will not bring out those deficien-
cies. 

Continued on Page 4 

supplied him with a mislabeled 
precinct map. The city clerk denies 
the allegation, and stated that 
different precinct numbers were 
often given for individuals who 
signed three petitions needed to 
recall the three charged officials. 

Attorney's Opinion Awaited 
At present, the city clerk is 

awaiting an opinion from the city 
attorney 's office in National City 
on whether the disputed signatures 
should be accepted. The city at-
torney's opinion, which is not 
binding, is expected by today. 

The recall drive centers on the 
issue of unresponsiveness to 
citizens' needs by National City 
Mayor Kyle Morgan and Coun-
cilmen Michael Dalla and Luther 
Reid. 

Daley Type Machine 
Baca typified the present local 

political setup in National City as 
"city government" being run by a 
Daley-type city machine sup-
ported by Wallace democrats and 
Chamber of Commerce 
republicans. " 

The specific charges brought 
against the three officials include : 
pro-corporate interest zoning 
policies, inadequate police 
protection for school children, lack 
of interest in attracting federal 
funds, mismanagement of federal 
funds , failure to regulate police 
activities properly, and in-
sensitivity towards multi-cultural 
needs of the largely black & 
Chicano community. 

The Ad Hoc Committee on 
Chicano Rights said the workers 
soliciting signatures were unpaid 
members of the local community 
and that the problems being en-
countered in the recall are related 
to " an unresponsive attitude 
towards the lay citizens of National 
City. " 

The committee plans to continue 
the drive to remove the present 
administration no matter how the 
city clerk rules on the validity of 
the signatures. 

Her decision must be in by Feb. 
1. 

Mike Elcan , Chairmen of 
the Graduate Student 
Council (TT photo : Nathan 
Meyers) 

Asked why the chairman of the 
Harvard College his~ory depart-

~ent would take a job at a school 
like UC San Diego, Hughes said he 
loved California, and that, perhaps 
more important, both he and his 
wife Judith (also a modern 
European history scholar) were 
able to acquire posts with tenure 
here. 

Contraceptive Info Available During Birth Control Week 
. He said UCSD is more advanced 
In equal treatment of women than 
most universities. 

Hughes was active in the 
movement among academics to 
break through the mass political 
apathy of the 1950s and early '60s. 
In 1962 he co-chalred with Ben-
Jamin Spock the National Com-
mittee for a Sane Nuclear Policy 
(now called, Sane; A Citizens' 
Organization for a Sane World) In 
organization that tried to s";'rk 
awareness of the hazards fA. the 
nuclear race and cold wlr Ind to 
urge "transfer of resou~ to 
civilian prOgrlms at home and in 
und rdeveloped countries ... 

CoG lIed.hpl 
Student pelntlng poe.r ennounclng UCSD 
Birth Control W_k (TT : Nathen Meva,.) 

Lectures, displays and a film explaining contrac ptive method will 
highlight the first annual Birth Control Week, being conducted through 
Friday at UC San Diego. 

Spon ored by the Birth Control Clinic at the UCSD tudent Health 
Center, this promises to be a very informative we k for all tho who are 
not aware of the Birth Control Clinic (BCC) or its activiti . 

The BCC will have a di play in the Undergraduate Cluster Library at 
Revelle presenting information about various m thod of Birth Control 
which will run through Jan. 23. There will also be an information de kin 
the Revelle Plaza which will be open from 11 :3().·1:00 pm through.Frida . 

Judy Goldfinch, head of the BeC. will hold rap e ions on Wedne da 
at 5 pm in the Student Health Center, and Thu ~sda at 7:30 pm in HSS-
1330. The film 'Taking Our Bodies Back,' will be hown in HSS-1 , 
Thursday at 7 pm. Judy Goldfinch will lit! ctvttillib linel ilt! rum £01 
discussion and questions. The BeC hopes to m ke students aware of i 
many activities, and urges everyone to attend th events. 

The Bce is funded from an account with UCSD. How ver all stuQeo 
must purchase their own contraceptives, which are availabl~ at the B . 

.Volunteers will conduct rap sessions on Birth Control throughout the 
wmter quarter. QuestioMaires are availabl at the displays for all 
student who wish to make sugge tion for more activiti It the B . 

s 



P .. etwo 

Who Would Cry for Gerald Ford? 
by Mark tadler 

·Watching " Ieanor and 
Franklin" on TV earlier this week I 
was especially fascinated by the 
scenes of pe'Jple crying for 
Franklin Roosevelt after his death. 
For a child of the sixties - who has 
grown up with LBJ, Tricky Dick 
and Stwnblin' Gerry - I found it 
slightly unreal to see whole crowds 
of people, black and white, young 
and old, crying for an American 
President. 

I wondered why. Few people 
would cry for Gerry Ford. 

To be certain FOR was a better 
President than Ford could every 
hope to be. He helped America out 
of a depression and started 
hwnanistic practices like unem-
ployment payments. He realized 
government's obligations to help 
its citizens. 

He made people think he cared 
about them. 

But now we have learned that he 
used the FBI for his own political 
ends, to spy on his "enemies." In 

addition he played around behind 
his wife's back. He doubtless did 
other "bad" thin~s "in the coun-
try's best interest," especially 
during the war. 

The difrerence between 
Roosevelt and any recent 
President, besides intellectual 
capacity and ability, is that he 
didn't get caught by the press, and 
therefore the nation. 

The press hasn't done a great job 
in disclosing corruption and im-
propriety in the government - it is 
often slow and establishment-
oriented rather than the strong 
Fourth Estate. But it has become 
much better at its watchdog 
chores, especially after the cold 
water shock of Watergate. 

It has exposed Presidents and 
other high government officials fo r 
what they have always been: 
shrewd to the point of scheming, 
political to the point of conniving. 
American politicians have always 
done things on the boundaries of 
the law or outside self-imposed 
political moral standards . 

American Presidents have been 
unmasked as human. And they 
don't look good compared to past 
Presidents who were placed on 
pedestals by journalists and, more 
commonly, school history text-
bouks. 

Now Presidents are assailed 
because they are hwnan. They do 
what they must think is best for 
'America , and occasionally go 
beyond acceptable bounds. 
(Sometimes they go very far 
outside those bounds). Because of 
the more determined and aware 
pres:> they are orten caught. 

This is not an apology or defense 
for the illegal acts of Nixon, 
Johnson, Kennedy or FOR. It is 
more possibly a lament, for 
Americans have largely lost faith 
in their institutions, in the 
credibility of their Presidehts-

Is this the price we must pay for 
that most essential degree of 
openness in government? 

Survey of Job Agenies Needed 
by Joe Gallagber and 

Alan Kremen 
CalPIRG 

Applicant frustrated : 
" Editor: I'm not just angry, I'm 

furious . It's a cruel rotten 
dishonest world. 

" I have been seeking a job for 
over a year now. and although I'm 
not stupid, dress decently for in-
terviews, and have had previous 
business experience which is 
varied, I can't get a job. It seems 
the fact that I'm forty-six years old 
and have not had a job in ten years 
counts against me. The other thing 
that hinders me is that I do not 
type. However, the jobs I went for 
did not require typing. 

"I have tried putting ads in the 
paper and all the coo coo's in the 
world call up. They mostly just 
want to hear themselves talk. Alas , 
no jobs. 

Now, the next thing that rea lIy 
upsets me is that I went to several 
job agencies. How the state of 
California can let them charge the 
fees they do is almost a sin. For a 
job that pays about $4,000 to $6,000 
a year they get as much as 98 per 
cent of' the first month's gross . 
They want this in cash as soon as 
you start the job. They can charge 
as much as 240 per ce nt of the first 
month's gross depending on the 
salary. 

" People that need jobs that 
badly that they go to these places 
don't have the money in the first 
place, but the agencies say they 
have to try to get outside financing. 
Who's going to finance someone 
out of work? 

" I also wonder why it is that the 
State Employment Agencies don 't 
have these jobs on their listings 
instead of the paying agencies. I 
wonder if someone isn't getting a 
kickback. 

" My husband is ill and is on 
disability and no one gives a damn. 
Even the President is worried 
about the people in the Middle East 
and the refugees in this country not 
having work. But no one cares 
about the poor American tax-
payers that can lose their much 
worked-for home when illness or 
other tragedies strike. 

" I hope I can learn to live with 
this now that I've got this off my 
chest. " 

The preceding letter by Mrs. R. 
Aymar appeared as a letter to the 
editor in the San Diego Union on 
Nov. 19, 1975. 

As this letter has demonstrated, 
there is a great deal of confusion 
and frustration in the San Diego 
job market. San Diego has a higher 
rate of unemployment than the 
national average. The present rate 
is 11 .3 and despite signs of im-
provement nationally San Diego 
will continue at at least 10% 
throughout 1976. 

Additionally, thousands of new 
job applicants both young and old 
pour into this community. That 
there exists animosity toward the 
private employment sector is not 
surprising. The average em-
ployment . agency charges a 
month's salary comparable to the 
job for a placement fee. In most 
cases, the cost is financed usually 
through a finance company and the 
applicant pays the employment 
agency before starting the job and 
then pays back the finance com-
pany for the next two years. 

There are at least ha If a hundred 
such agencies throughout San 
Diego. Some good - some bad, but 
almost all ads in the newspaper are 
run by agencies, therefore, there 
exists much confusion concerning 
agencies, how they get their jobs, 
how they advertise, how they 
finance clients, how they meet 
labor standards and compliance 

UCSan Diego 

~lIrk Woelber 
l\(ajaglag editor 

~rk Stadler 
News editor 

Crail( Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J . Lowen 
Community Editor 

Dave Elsen 
Sports editor 

John H. Taylor 
Edltor-In-ebief 

JamesG.Sow 
Cltyedlwr 

ADDeUebler 
Copyedlwr 

Kenzie Nicoll 
Business Manager 

Daniel Sha wier 
Arts editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

with· the state regulatory agency 
which supervises them. 

Significantly, there has been 
nothing in the way of consumer 
reports done, there are no com-
parisons that exist to inform and 
articulate the information needed 
for the public to make an in-
telligent choice. Thousands of 
people have gone through em-
ployment agencies - are going 
through and will continue to go 
through as a desperate means to 

fin~ work and in many cases to 
survive. 

To a person out of work there is 
nothing more important than a job. 
The danger that exists is obvious. 
There is a great need for em-
ployment, there is a great 
possibility of abuses of private 
agencies taking advantage of 
people unaware of the San Diego 
job market. 

How long do people placed by 
agencies last? We don't know. Are 
applicants oversold on a job and 
then find it unsuitable? We don 't 
know. Are there misrepresen-
tations? We don't know. Which 
agencies are reliable? We don't 
know. Who owns ag~ncies and 
what is the relationship between 
government agencies that provide 
a similar service paid for by the 
tax payers? We'don't know. We 
don't know because no one has 
even taken the trouble to find out. 

These are just a few of the 
questions that should and must be 
answered as a public service. That 
a virtual monopoly can control the 
San Diego job market without 
examination suggests that a 
consumer study of agencies is 
relevant, meaningful, and long 
overdue. It is also manifest, that 
students possess the energy, the 
purpose and the idealism to ask 
hard questions and demand honest 
answers. 

It is time to ask such questions 
now. It is time to begin an in-
vestigation into an area so far 
untouched by public scrutiny and 
let fresh air into the murky world 
of unemployment. For all will 
some day walk the deep and dark 
jungle of unemployment and taste 
from the fruit of ignorance, and it 
is bitter. 

Particularly when the job 
market for college grads is the 
toughest in 30 years. Particularly 
when in San Diego county there are 
20 applicants for every available 
job, according to county personnel 
and analyst, John Gall. 

With all these factors con-
sidered, CalPIRG will be con-
ducting an investigation into 
private employment agencies in 
the near future. Hopefully students 
intcreste<tin participating in such 
a project will be given class credit. 
Anyone Interested should contact 
CaI PIRG. 

Wedbesday, January 14,197& 

IRI 
New Hampshire 

Ronald Reagan was up campalgrung among the ski-lifts of New 
Hampshire last week looking out over the presidential range. Mount 
Adams, Mount Jefferson, Mount Washington. .. Will one of them be 
" Mount Reagan" some day? That will depend in part on the result of the 
first presidential primary here in New Hampshire, seven weeks hence , 
February 24. 

For anybody but Presidentlo'ord, Ronald Rea~an would be a push-over ;. 
the President has all the advantages of incumbency and the obviollS 
argument that if his party throws him out it will be so divided that it 
probably can't elect anybody, as it was when it repudiated Chester A. 
Arthur. Furthermore, candidate Reagan has a huge, invisible burden on 
his back that, like an image in a Polaroid film, is likely to become more 
and more conspicuous as time passes. This is his extraordinary Reagan 
proposal to save " $90 billion" of Federal money and balance the budget 
by eliminating social aid (for all but the elderly) - food stamps, medicaid , 
soil-eonservation, housing programs, school-aid funds , highway money, 
and whatever! 

Who would pay for these programs? Why, either they would be dropped 
altogether, or the states would pick up the tab . Reporters chuckled a 
little at the thought last week as they crunched over the snow behind the 
handsome candidate with his cool, confident, good-guy face. For little 
New Hampshire prides itself on being the only state in the country that 
has no state sales tax nor income tax. Yup, say the thrifty Yankees, it 
would be dandy as all get out to take $90 billion away from them there 
bureaucrats in Washington; but to pay for it themselves; say you don't 
mean it, Ronald! 

New Hampshire is just the place to open the presidential primary 
season. New Hampshire's brisk cold to the confused Washington political 
writers is like the slap of a wet towel across the face of a drowsy riser. 
And since nobody can understand the crazy process of selecting 
American presidential candidates anyway, it might as well begin with 
New Hampshire where all the distortions of the 3O-odd state primaries 
are at their worst. (The final three come June 8- California, New Jersey 
and Ohio; and maybe Arkansas.) 

New Hampshire, with three-tenths of one percent of the country 's 
population, has seated and unseated presidents and, fortall I know, will do 
it again this year. It has averaged only 50,000 votes in the last six 
Democratic primaries. The state is ethnically unrepresentative (six 
tenths of one-percent non-Caucasian) and whereas one-third of the 
nation's population live in cities of 10,000 or more, nobody in New Hamp-
shire does ; there aren't any. Furthermore, it's about the nicest state in 
the union to this prejudiced reporter and if you have to do things this way 
I can't see why it isn 't as good a guide as any in picking a presidential 
candidate. Reagan's itinerary on this trip incidentally included Dixville 
Notch where the TV sets will all be set up on the evening of February 24 
for the first returns ; the town went 19-t~ 1 for Nixon in 1972. The pundits 
will tell you what it means. 

New Hampshire has one other wonder besides Mo~t Washington and 
Profile Rock - gun-toting publisher William Loeb of the Manchesler 
Union-Leader, largest paper in the state. He is so much in favor of 
Ronald Reagan that he calls the President, " JerrY the Jerk". ls he a 
Democrat? - oh dear, no; he is an arch-conservative Republican. He 
called Ike "Dopey Dwi~ht" and " that stinkin~ hypocrite:" Rockefeller 
" a home-wrecker," and Margaret Chase Smith "Moscow Maggie." He 
loves to gouge politicians through their female relatives; it was his 
republished attack on Mrs. Muskie that made the senator lose his cool in 
the primary up here four years ago. Now he is after Betty Ford for her 
controversial interview on CBS's "GO minutes," discussing premarital 
relations of the young. "A disgrace to the White House" , he calls it. (All 
the publishers are afraid of libel-sueing Loeb and ex-reporter Kevin Cash 
vainly tried a dozen of them before bringing out his own caustic book, 
Who the Hell Is William Loeb?, which is not having a phenomenal sale all 
over the state). 

The US primary system is a kind of grinder in which candidates pass 
between the upper roller of the media, and the lower roller of the voters. 
To those familiar with this quaint process the present instance of Ronald 
Reagan is of extraordinary interest. It is not merely that he is the first to 
seriously chall!mge an incumbent Republican president since Teddy tried 
to oust Taft in 1912, but that Reagan still is relatively unknown. Will tlie 
thing work? What will be the result? It is a process in which the media, 
willy-nilly, becomes 1.1 principal participant. . . 

The press is drawn in several ways. In a place like New Hampshire It 
sets up the odds which a contestant is supposed to meet to show that he 
had " won" or " lost." Front-runner Muskie in 1972 was supposed to get 
" SO percent" of the votes in NH; he didn't (or at least he didn't by the first 
count) so that on election nlgttt a plenwn of political press pundits 
counted him out. That is one way the curious primary mystique works. 

Another is the harping by the mass media on some phrase or 
idiosyncracy of a candidate. I was in New Hannpshire in 1968 when 
George Romney suddenly withdrew (a sad day for many of us), when the 
ridicule over his comment that officials In Vietnam had " brainwashed" 
him, culminated in his pulling out. It became as monotonous as these 
current jokes about President Ford's supposed physical ciwnsiness and 
just as irrelevant. 

Handsome Ronald Reagan carries a load of conservative ideology that 
would wreck most candidates in the whirring primary grinder: it will be 
fascinating to see what happens . . President Ford could deftly challenge 
him, but instead he has played practically every political card wrong so 
far, and Mr. Reagan may yet emerge as the party's new Barry Gold-
water. 

Here is a candidate who as joint chainnan of California Citizens for 
Goldwater in 1964 called the graduated income tal( "immoral". Here is a 
candidate who tossed out an applause line one niglt In Chicago last 
September, the happy thought of cutting $90 billion off social service -
wha1.Newlweek ridiculed as Reagonomics. And like Goldwater he hints 
that Social Security should be "voluntary". Who will challenge him? 
Will Mr. Ford? Probably not, so that will leave it to the media, al Bob 
Clark and Frank Reynolds did on ABC's Issues and Answers, Nov. 30. A 
fUMY system. 

The Trllon Time ... ,ecognlzed by th. Communlcolion, Boord of UCSO ,..the 
officlol SlUMnl newspoper. Publicolion is on Mondoy" Wednesdays ond 
F,idays du"ng Ihe r~ulor ,chool yeor (e.cept on off icial holiday,). EdllOfiol 
ond business office, o,a localed in 117 Blake Holl on Ih. R_"a College 
compus. Unlve",'v of ColifOl'nio. Son Di~o . . 

lellers 10 Ihe Edito, ond opinion column, ore welcomed. All subm,lI..,", 
should be Iyped on 0 74.spoca line on nonerollOble paper. Th.V .hould nOl 
exceed Ihree page, In lenglh double.spaced. The Triton Times r ... rv .. the 
"ghl 10 ed,' submissions becou.e of spac. limilalion' or ,lyle requirements. 

For edilor",l . coli 452·3466; for buslne .. ond dlsploy odv"II,ementl, coli 
452·3d. 

Wednesday, Juuary It.lfll 

Commentary 

Malpractice Pool Helps 
Doctors Police Themselves 

By Mark Woelber 
The Southland doctors strike is now in its 14th day. Since the root 

causes for the strike have threatened, unresolved, for many months now, 
this latest installment In the malpractice insurance crisis has already 
lasted far too long. 

It is for this reason that a bill to ease the insurance pinch on doctors, 
sponsored by the California Medical Association, (CMA) , was announced 
this past weekend. • 

The bill is both admirable and ove'rdue. 
The bill, which is meeting resistance in state legislative committee, is 

similar to the one proposed by Gov. Brown on Monday. It provides for a 
malpractice insurance pool supported by an average annual premium of 
$4,000 for each partiCipating doctor. Malpractice claims will be paid by 
the pool. 

The CMA measure does not include one important stipulation of the 
Brown bill: that in return for state support of the pool, doctors are 
required to participate in state medical programs. 

Brown and other supporters of the Brown bill say this is essential. Yet 
the measuI'e is bound to alienate many doctors, since the issue of this 
" rider" is most controversial In the medical professions. A so-called 
medical " peace corps" may be necessary, but it is not the real problem 
now, and will probably spoil the plan for most doctors. What is needed is 
a speedy resolution of the insurance issue. 

Legislative critics object ·to the pool's possible future need for state 
support. The doctors' pool is projected to be able to pay for itself for the 
next eight years, ample time to work out new fiscal solutions. 

The CMA proposal is a good one for now. It has a virtue that may 
reduce the need for protection from spiraling malpractice rates in the 
future. 

Since the malpractice pool will be administered by doctors, each case 
filed against it will come under medical, and not simply legal, scrutiny. 
Doctors who have claims filed against them repeatedly will become 
conspicuous. 

In addition to his visibility, a doctor who bungles repeatedly will be 
costing his colleagues money, deflating the pool needlessly. This raises 
the omen of state support for the pool should It be weakened, and with this 
support a feature to which most doctors strenuously object: the "social 
responsibility" stipulations included in the Brown bill. 

These social responsibilities take the form of compulsory service to 
Medi Cal patients and the formation of the " Medical corps" to provide 
service to areas of the state which are unpopular with doctors-chiefly in 
the rural north. 

The medical professions have been astoundingly remiss in supervising 
themselves. The malpractice pool may provide them with the initiative 
they need : a forum to observe just how much their colleagues are costing 
them. 

Existing regulatory agencies do not seem to be doing the trick. It took 
the California Board of Medical Examiners over 12 years to catch up with 
John Nork, a Sacramento orthopaedic surgeon with a nationally 
documented list of medical atrocities and over $10 million in malpractice 
awards to his detriment. Doctors would soon take action in eases of this 
sort, or their pool would go broke in a week, leaving them at the mercy 
once again of the insurance companies. 

In a Dec. 10 op-ed page article in the Los Angeles Times, Roger 
Rapoport, author of "The Superdoctors," states, "If doctors want to 
regain some of their lost prestige, they would be better off reevaluating 
their patterns of practice, rather than trying to get malpractice laws. " 

The malpractice pool may be one way of solving both problems-the 
insurance crisis and the guarantee of uniform good service-
simultaneously. 

'" " . . . . . . .. .. . . .. .. .. 

DAVID BOWIE 
CAT STEVENS 
Tickets Available at 

Son Diego Ticket Sales 
273-4567 

We hove 'he ani., good sea's In 'own 

CIl4HTEB§ 
SAVE UP TO SO-Io in '76 

froml 2S9* 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 wits. 

APR.-OCT. 76 
Over 91 5 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEATS on' long 
ond summer flights so 
book today for '76 

0 ... ,..i, 4_8 II .11. 
291-8141 

· D~-i.~~:i! 
..... ~ I. . ... I . 

Mill.,.. Volity-fqurtobl. aldg 
1333 Cam ino d.1 Rio South 

S.D .. CA 92101 
• Min imum for. which ris.s de-

on dol. & length of fl ite. 

Look us up! 

Page three 

J 



• rI ••••• lo'8 ' Wednesday, J •• uary It,1171 

Coop E' amine$ New Power Bus Drivers May Strike Next Week 
On UC D Committees Mayor Sa~s City Resources Have Reached Limit 

by KeD StipaDOV 
Staff Writer 

The Student CO,;)lJerative (Coop) discussed the newly increased power 
of students to appoint to campus-wide student offices in its regular 
weekly meeting Monday night. . , 

Mark Fingerman, coordinator of the Appomtments and Evaluations 
Committee, reported that the UC San Diego administration ha.d agreed to 
relinquish the mechanisms of final approval on student appomtments to 
student offices, 

These mechanisms were characterized as " rubber stamp" 
bureaucracies and reportedly caused delays of up to twelve weeks in the 
official appointments of some individuals, 

Fingerman said official appointments could now be made much faster, 
resulting in greater efficieQCY. 

Local Development 

The Coop also discussed a recommendation by the Board of Overseers 
(BOO) to develop the stable area and other undeveloped University-
owned land directly west of Muir Campus. 

The BOO is an advisory group to the Chancellor and was characterized 
at the meeting as representing local business interests,. . ' 

Coop members expressed alarm at t~e, :e~~mme~a~JOn, which .10-
cludes a portion that iterates the "feaslblhty of bUlldmg a shoppmg 
center and' 'several apartment buildings" on the land. 

BOA Setback 

The Coop also discu,ssed the setback suffered by th~ Board of ~uthority 
(BOA ) propo:,al to provide for increased student declslon-makmg power 
in the student center. BOA proponents had hoped last quarter that the 
proposal would be accepted and put into effect by this week, but it al}-
pears that some points still need to be worked out. . 

BOA co-author Marco LiMandri indicated that there was disagreement 
with Vice-Chancellor of Student Affairs George Murphy over the selec-
tion process for BOA members. 

Thirty-seven people attended the meeting. 

Classroom Smoking Ban 
Suggested by Muir Council 

by Jennifer Hilldreth 
Staff Writer 

The Muir interns think their colJege needs a picnic. Plans are un-
derway for an outdoor free-for-all patterned after the Muir orientation 
picnic. , 

The Muir College Council will have its first meeting of the quarter this 
week, Up for discussion is a suggested smoking ban in classrooms and 
preparation for the visit of the Accreditation As.sociation ~o UCSD this 
spring. The meeting will be tomorrow at 6 pm In the Mwr conference 
room, Anyone interested is welcome. 

For the first time, House Advisors, Interns. Page One Coordinators and 
Muir Orientation Leaders for the fo!lowing year will be chosen at the 
latter part of winter quarter instead or during Spring quarter. Check the 
Student Employment Office for posting of positions. 

Free Fruit 

Pat Ledden, acting Muir Provost, has an open house every Thursday, 
from 3-5 pm featuring free fruit. His office is across from Muir Dean's 
Office at 2136. Everyone is welcome. 

Page One, the peer counseling center, is reexamining what it could be 
and should be after a visit by some of its staff to the peer cente r at UCD. 
They are holding seminars on this subject which are open to all. Th.eyare 
also beginning a crisis intervention by phone pr~gram an.d are 100kmg for 
volunteers to train . Check Page One for more mformatlOn on either one 
of these. ' 

Committee 
years at UC San Diego he has 
never known of any such instance. 

Historical Perspective 
Fingerman viewed the change in 

an historical perspective : in the 
sixli!ls students gained access to 

the decision-making process; now, 
that process is often ignored. He 
hopes this change will make thos~ 
past gains more eHective. 

!"ingerman said the change is 
part of an overall attempt by the 
Coop to reconstruct the decision-
making process to make it more 
accessible to the students. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

The city's bus drivers will meet 
late today to decide whether to 
accept the San Diego Transit 
Corporation's last wage offer or to 
s trike. 

Tom Prior, president of the San 
Diego Transit Corporation, said 
the company would stand firm on 
its last offer of quarterly wage 
increases for the next three years 
that would raise drivers average 
wage from $7.65 an hour to $9.47 an 
hour. 

Leaders of the bus drivers local 
union have accused the San Diego 
Transit Corporation's board of 
directors of reneging on a contract 
offer that the union members had 
voted to approve. 

The union charge referred to the 
refusal by the transit company's 
board of directors to approve the 
additional 20 cent an hour increase 
for drivers in the second and third 
years of the three year contract 
offered by their negotiators and 
approved by union members , 

Reneged Offer 

GSC ... 
Elcan explained that certain 

departments have been dividing up 
their FTE in such a way that TAs 
receive small stipends while 
working long hours . If 33 % 
becomes the " floor" for FTE and 
no overloading of work is per-
mitted. then cerUjin departments 
will be short of TA's. 

Official Review 
In ' other areas, the GSC is 

seeking grad students to sit on 
committees that will review the 
literature, chemistry and 
neuroscience departments. Under 
the auspices of the administration, 
an official review of course content 
quality, teaching quality and the 
quality of research of these 
departments is being undertaken. 
Elcan stated that the GSC needs 
representatives to take part in the 
proceedings. 

The council is also soliciting 
budgets from graduate students. 
Money allocated to the GSC 
through the Vending Machine 
Committee will be budgeted in 
three areas : 1) per capita rebat~s 
to departments; 2) campus wide 
projects; and 3) the GSC func-
tionary budget. 

Past actions of the GSC include 
the opening of the Mesa and Coast 
apartments to single graduate 
students, the elimination of the 
requirement that grad students 
maintain a 3.25 GPA and parties 
for graduate students. 

Elcan also indicated that a clear 
distinction must be drawn between 
the GSC and the Graduate Student 
Union (GSU ). That is, the GSC 
does not orient itself towards any 
particular political philosophy, nor 
does it intend to do so. No dues are 
required of its members and , no 
labor negotiations are a part of Its 
role. 

UnIQUe oneofthebe$llan KEITH 
PUlntst s yotlUever hear • 

ROlLING STONE JARRET p4".16 
AkWT U8S7J 9'1-

KEITH f :30p. 
JARRET 
~--3 1t e. st) St. euIJ". 

14.50 fJ./I.~N~~:~090 
r,' ke" llCKETRON OUTLETS UCSD BOX OffICE 

Accordiag to William Griffith, 
vice president of the local union, 
" We are going to vote on whether 
to accept their last offer, the one 
they reneged on after both sides 
accepted it." The union filed an 
Wlfair labor practice charge with 
the National Labor Relations 
Board after the transit board 
rejected the agreement. 
Investigators for the National 
Labor Relations Board are now 
meeting with transit corporation 
officials before making a ruling on 
whether the company had 
negotiated in bad faith as the union 
has charged. 

The transit corporation has 
maintained that they have not 
reneged on their origina I 
agreement with the union. Marc 
Sandstrom, chairman ofthetransit 
board denied that the board hadn 't 
bargained in good faith. 

"Unreasonable Demands" 
The San Diego City Council voted 

last week to back the transit 
company's stand against what the 
council termed " unreasonable 
wal(e demands of the bus drivers. " 

Mayor Wilson said he fears that 
drivers are " threatening to price 
themselves out of their job8." 

Should there be a walkout by 
members of the bus driver's union 
negotiations hould start again 
from scratch, the council said, The 
Council ordered its Rules Com-
mittee to look at reforming the 
federa l transit law forbidding 
cities using federal transit aid to 
replace striking bus drivers with 
new employees. Wilson said the 
statute forces a situation for cities 
where there is no choice but to shut 
down a bus system in the event of a 
strike. "We have reached the 
limit," Wilson said, referring to the 
fact that the city's bus drivers are 
paid more than its firemen and 
police officers. 

If the bus drivers do vote to 
strike tonight the strike would not 
be in effect WltiJ Friday morning at 
the earliest. " If we were to vote to 
strike, we would not do it ' im-
mediately . We would give 
everyone 48 hours notice," Griffith 
said. 

Liquor Clerks Needed 
1 Full Time 
2 Part Time 

Full time hours 
M·F 3pm - 11 pm 

Part time hours 
Sat. 3pm - 11 pm 
SUIl. 3pm . lOpm 
SUIl. 9am - lOpm 
MOil . 9am - 6pm 

Must be dependable, over 21, 
and bondable. 
Please call Opal 507 M.C. x4500 

'Sf1uucgelt DIl aT_' 
Directed by ALFRED HITCHCOCK 

and 

Sat 
UCB 2722 

Jan. 17 
7:30 

Tickets available at 
Student Center Box Office 

only $1 

Wedaesday, Juuary If, 11'75 

offENSiVE 
Scott Sadil 

Surf Fishing 
On days when the tide was high in the evenings we would go s urf 

fis hing. 
In the early afternoon when thc tide was out we collectcd mussels off of 

the rocks to use for bait. As long as the tide was low enough to see them. It 
was easy to gather plenty of mussels using a small pry bar or an abalone 
iron, Since we were a lways afraid of running out of bait we usually took 
more than we needed. I 

Aftcr we got the bait we would get the fishing gea r ready and wait for 
thc tidc to sta rt coming in . We tied hooks onto leaders, cleaned our rods, 
and reels. and made sure we had weighl~, pliers, a knife, gunn y sack. 
orangcs to cat, ancl a flashlight that worked. An hour or two before s unset 
wc walked to the beach. The road down was steep and winding. We passed 
lhe people headed in the other direction that were leaving. Many of them, 
seeing our poles, wished us luck. At the last turn above the beach we 
looked for a place where we thought the fish would be. We looked for 
riptides. We usually picked out the same place, a spot right near where 
the road met the sand , 

If the ticle was not yet high enough for the fish to be feeding ins ide the 
surf we wou ld dig for sandcrabs. Sandcrabs are good bait until it geL~ 
d'lrk. But it was never ve ry long before Pctcr or 1 would becomc im-
paticnt and start fishing . We always caught plenty of perch, but most of 
Ihem were small so we threw them back. We kept the biggest ones for 
dmne r. Sometimes we would catch corbina, and they were what we really 
II'cn' fishing for. Corbina are excellcnt to ea t and put up a strong fight 
when you try to rcel thcm in. 

We would fish past sunset and far into the dark. We used the flashlight 
10 hait out hooks but you could not see your linc when casting or when it 
lIas in the watrr. But there were more corbina around at night so we 
,taved and were able to ca tch some of them. Sometimes we caught sand 
sh,,·rks. They put up a determined but dull struggle and were useless 
al1)'\\'a)'. We would string them by the tail and see how far we could throw 
II1l'm back into the watcr. Supposedly you could catch croaker a t night 
hut wc never did . 

When we had at least enough fi sh for dinner but hopefully more, and it 
was cold, and we we/'e tircd and wet and sandy. we would smoke some 
milri iuana and eat the oranl(es and ta lk. Petcr might tell me how well the 

bi~ ('orbi na fought that he had ca ught right a ftc r the surf went down and 
Ihat if he had enough money when his job ended he would go to Australia . 
I would lell him about the big fish I had lost and maybe about someonc I 
tllOlIght I was in love with. if we fished anymore after this we would not do 
as well bcCalL'le it would be past high tide and we no longer felt fierce and 
movemenl<; on our lines seemed like fish but often were just the waves. 

With the sack of fish and being worn out. the uphill walk home was long 
and it made us hungry. After we cleaned the fish we would take showers 
so we would be clean for dinner. I would fry some of the fish or bake a big 
onr in the oven while Peter made a salad. After eating we would drive 
into town to get somf' thing s weet for dessert ami maybe meet some girls. 

Continued on Page 8 

.1'1 •• )1'.' OM'S PagefJve 
UCSD's Most 
Successful Team: Rugby 

by Dave Elsen 
Sports Editor 

Not even Kevin Sapin, the 
squad's captain, knows why the 
Triton rugby team continues to 
be the most successful in-
tercollegiate team at UC San 
Diego. 

How can a group of non-
scholarship athletes casually get 
together and year after year 
dominate their opponents? How 
is it possible for a small 
university to field a team that has 
won the last five NAIA ColJege 
Division Championships? 

" It's really hard to say why we 
keep winning," says Sapin, who 
is also president of the rugby 
club, "We keep a very low-key 
attitude toward the whole thing, 
We just emphasize playing 
everyone who comes out, and 
havjngfun. 

" I guess we're just lucky that 
the guys who come out are 
usuallylalented. About half of the 
players have football experience, 
but mainly they' re all natural 
athletes. Possibly the fact that we 
(UCSD) don't have a football 
team gives us some players that 
would normally be working out 
for football," said Sapin. 

Not only have the Tritons 
dominated the College Division 
Championships, but they are also 
the defending titlists of the Santa 
Barbara 15 's Tourney, the 
biggest rugby tournament in the 
nation. The invitational is divided 
into two divisions of 30 teams 
each, and UCSD won the " blue" 
division last year. 

Three quarters of the squad 
graduated in 1975, but an influx of 
freshmen and sophomores this 
year has kept up the talent leveL 

Sapin cites Brad Tebo, Lance 
DeLong, and Dave Clark as 
among the Tritons' top players, 
but accentuates the fact that " it's 
a team game, and everyone who 
comes outfor the team plays." 

" We're still encouraging 
people to come out. We are 
always in sort of a state of flux , so 
we can always take guys who are 
interested. The practice times 

aren't bad, because we only have 
one mandatory practice each 
week. There are two optional 
practices also, but we have the 
players work alot on their own." 

The Tritons have one of their 
toughest matches of tire yea r a 
week from Saturday, hosting UC 
Santa Barbara on Muir Field. 
Before that, UCSD travels to 
Chapman College for a match 
Saturday. 

T RiYON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates 

Classlfleds should either be printed or typed on a 3" • 5" card (availabte 
in Triton Ti mes office) . They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p,m , . 

The following rates are for tOO spaces -If you use more spaces , the rate 
will double , (100 spaces -25cents: t01 10200-- 50cents) , 

Personals - S1 
Lost and Found .- free 
Olher ads: students·- 25 cents 
nonstudents _. S1 

Deadl ines: 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 pm Monday for Wednesday; 4 pm 
Wednesday for Friday, 

Announcements: free, All announcements will run In the Monday 
calendar, Deadline for calendar: 4 pm Friday, 

IAII additions or corrections to IIsnngs In the Sched"le of Claaaeo for 
regul ar Un iversity courses will be charged $t) , 

STEVIE, 
Happy 22nd BI"kdoy, Ma y our love 
contlnye to grow. La mucno que I . qu iero. 
LIndo (1/1 A) 

housiNG 

Room ovod Del Mar. live with 3 med stud. 
S80 .in9/ 67 couple call 481·9337 eve, Ask 
for George (1 116) 

lo Jollo Village t 8R SAVE Sand ge' the 
chOice locality SO fl . from pool & IOCUZZI 

-----------------------_____ ..L... 8529f V ,110 lo Jolla 8 ,11 459 ·7510 (111 4 ) 

WANTEd 

62 folcon, rebit 6 cyl, 0"'0, 2 dr, good 
lron,poIIOI,on, $200, Call 755·2322. (111 6) 

WANTED Fairly cleor lecture 00le5 for SIO 
IIA on 1·8· 76 w,If pay S5.10 call 45H1246 
01 466,0621 1" 1 A) 

~Ieed e'l[lro cosh? Buytng old U S. cOins 
So bU Ying U S. sdve, COI"S minted before 

1965 ~en 453 .792A (3/ 12) 
Mar lluana related research H ollhy maltts 
1135 '0 I S ''Ie In hosp ital 26 cons days pays 

1213) 8250094 (212) 

~;;POOI from OceanSide dOily . osk for God 
8484 11 16) 

LOST &. fOUNd 

LOST: Sil ver charm bracelet with 2 ,,",arms, 
neor boohtore. Please call 270-4792. 
(1 / 14 ) 

LOST in 2722 , De n,m hal w / yellow " Co," 
patch on front . lost In smoll reword call 
453·7633 oft 10 (1/1 4) 

FOUND· LI. Brown puppy, W,th wh ,l. f lea 
collar in Mu ir park ing 10f. leave message 
OITI, 

EUROI'E & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS BOOK 
ON CAMPUS BOOK EARLY CIEE·STUOENT 
TRAVfL SERVICES UCSO INTERNATIONAL 
CENTER OI'EN WEEKDA VS 12·A pm A~2-0630 
(11 12) 

PERSONAls 

DAV! ond CHAP .. kttp C ond C wo,t ,ng ,n 
the Wll'lg. 1111 'four encot .. are over 
Hormony ', gr.OI you 100 (III A) 

Room in great lillie house I ,~ block from 
beach ,n Solano Coli 453 ·8957 o.k for R,ck 
or Rob (111 4) 

Room In house In Del f'.Aor. Abode neor 
beoch $75/ mon,h coli 48 1·9826 or come by 
230 11Th 51. Try ofter 6 pm (1 / 14) 

Own JlM In 26R opt" In Cla iremonl 
looking for qUle, . nonsmoker M / F 
,nel u' Coil John 560-5627 (1/ 14) 

For grad mole bedroom , semi-prlvote both 
In qUle, home. llmtled kitchen prjY $95 mo 
15 m'n. by bus, (111 4 ) , 

New condo ,ent Cardiff 3 bedroom 2''1 
barh ocean View, flreploce, 2 wee ,,"s free 
renl 5325 a man 224 1625 (1/23) 

llb~rOled roommale wonted for Del Mor 
house Prime locO' Ion $85 ma ph" v'.!s 
Own 'oom 7557600 (t IA ) 

Roommote wonled Own room In hn 
n.\hed JBR townhouse G,.n~:u~ 
H'gt\londs SB9 rna Washer dry I d., .... 
",,"osher corp Ird :2 ml run 10 compu' [d 
452 8967 (t 14 

f 'OOm.~ need('d f h I 0"""," room Iv' 
565 mtl Uti' Non \"H\k~r 270 ~999 
II 1~1 

• SERVICES 

Tutor ova liable In mUStC (theory -hisl. ) B. 
mus. from a conservatory & TA for 2 yrs to 
mum II. 455· 1717 (1 / 14 ) 

Need weekly ride 10 t ,A . and bock , Closs 
01 UCLA Thursdays .5 pm, Can return 
ony"me ,n eve. 455· 1717, (1114 ) 

Songwrtfers, rock slarsl Will arrange or 
transcrtbe your tunes, 4SS-1717 (l / 14 ) 

STE REO REPAIR ' Studen' w ith profess iona l 
tratnlng and expertence tn stereo repo" . 
offers greatly reduced rOles to Ihose on 
student budgets. Repa irs mode on a ll 
makes and models, amps, preamps, 
rece tvers, tunen, lopes, and tabl .. , 
Repo"ed w itk speed and SOUND 
GUARANTEE, Call immed,olely for free 
eSl imote and or problem consultat ion. Call 
291 ·5927, (1 / 23 ) 

Colleg iate researth a ida-thousands on f ll • . 
Send St for your 160 page mo ll order 
cOlolog, ReMorch Allistonte. 11 322 Idoko 
Ave 1206 La, Ang.I.,. CA 90025, 2 13· A77. 
847A , [1I t9 ) 

N.ed e.tra Incom.? Mak. SI 2·00.r S25 
.ock CL IPPING n.wlpOper Ilem" DelOll, 
fr.e , Wr ite: Clipping 80. 2A79 I A7 5.0111. , 
Wosn98124 (1/1 9 ) 

TYPllt · IBM t.rm paper/ th e, l, l 
d,".rlollon,I . ,c, Edltlnglrusk ,0bs/ Xero. 
560-8t7 1 (3/ 12) 

SKIERSI Gil your ,k ls ,n 'kope & Tn lu ne 
Ho, wo. S I 5O-S2 00 tune·up SA/ up toll 
A lan 755·2543 (1/t 4) 

fOR SAlE 

Intra 10 ofd,nofY d,Heren'lOl equations bv 
Shepley Ro', IOlOnge & purple book) 
bfond nt'w tOt', price 755·8701 0".' 6 pm 
11 16) 

VW 1966 ' squorebod. Perfect Condilion 
New Tires Radto Heater 51150 Call 0452 · 
8768 (1 / 16) 

Slereo components 20 " 2 -40 1-, off ItSI. A ll 
malar brands. A ll guoranleed Coil Ser-
nord 0' 453· 5298 oher 6 pm (1/1 9) 

1966 FO ldane Wogan Rebuilt auto trans , 
air. rl h, V·8 31lO cu in" 5450 481·9785 
(1 / 16 ) 

Cal S'even, Concert i lA For"m Feb 2 & 3, 
8e"er p"ce. AND 8EnER LOCATIONS ,kon 
all compe"'ors 270-7855, (212 ) 

New HP·21 and sofety <rodl • . S.st offer 
call 452·1236 (1/ 16) 

DAVID SOWlE CONaRl! Cko,ce floor .. a I, 
at best proces ,n SD, Call us f"st 270·7855 
(2/ 2) 

Puch cyele x Inl cond, 135Om, 225/ be" offer 
459·2178, 45A-5610 (111 9) 

G,tona Interclub bicycle. 24", xlnl cond 
(5200 new)·SI2O now· ... w 0' Co-op Book 
E,ckonge a. 756· 2826 (1 / IA ) 

'69 Honda \lOc o 5000 m" . $ 175 or best offer. 
coli 270 235geoe. (1116) 

Itohon mOforcycle 17Scc elCcellenl con· 
d,tlon Super- low mlleoge 5250 call 454-
0997(1 21) 

Sh ep • ,n coa' (Afgan) many OIkpr 
clothe$, greot .el ct,on of new old & 
onlrques c:heapulll4J62722(1 1 .. ) 

Spalding t nnlS roqirel S IS ...... IIn Out 
"·'no, Call Don 01. 400 II 141 

Ski boo''! 11U~ 9 Ihru 9 ~ oftach Good Int 
to odv need $35 Call Shan 2032 (1 14 ) 



'.'I·'I,II.~ ., , •• '. t "edDelIda)" J .... ry 14, 1971 
Trio of Encores • • Newman Plays Bach for Organ: 
Symbhony AudIence ~nlled Chance to Experience Two Giants 

y HoJlander ReCItal . 
by DaDielShawler 

Arts Editor 
Pianist . ..orin Hollander performed a remarkable feat last Thursday 

evening, bringing a normally staid Civic Theatre audience to its feet 
clarnmoring with enthusiasm almost inunediately after his performance 
of the Saint-Saens Piano Concerto No. 5 with the San Diego Symphony. 

Hollander exhibited all the talent of a capable teclmician. In fact, he 
was almost a textbook edition of how to play the piano. The use of one of 
Saint-Saens lesser known concertos proved to be divinely inspired. 
Although the flamboyant maMer with which Hollander performed was 
equally inspired, the audience reception came as a surprise. 

The cheers of the concert goers were great enough to demand a trio of 
encores : Rachmaninoff's Prelude in C sharp minor, Gershwin's " Rialto 
Ripples," and a piano transcription of Bach's " J esu. ,Joy of Man's 
Desiring". Although one can question the wisdom behind the inclusion of 
the Gershwi n piece in an otherwise serious concert, it was the best 
received of the three. 

The orchestra, itself, did not do as good a job as Hollander. During the 
concerto they were relegated to a supporting role, but throughout the 
remainder of the evenmg they were unfortunately forced to take the 
spotlight. They opened the program with a distressing performance of 
Dvorak's "Scherzo Capriccioso, D flat Major." The word that best 
describes it is "sloppy." The performance was imprecise, it was im-
poss ible to pinpoint the beginning and end of the notes, and the scalu re 
passa ges sounded like cackling. . 

The symphony did a little better with Rimsky-Korsakov's symphonic 
suite " Scheherazade." Based on the Arabian talc of " One Thousand and 
One Nights," the work attempts to recreate four s tories: The Sea and 
Sinbad's Ship; The Talc of the Kalendar Prince: The Young Prince and 
the Young Princess; and Festival at Bagdatl--The Sea-The Ship Goes to 
Pieces. 

The beginning and conclusion were crisply done, but the middle tended 
to become jumbled. Rimsky-Korsakov's orchestration provides plenty of 
opportunity for solo work by section leaders, and for the most part, the 
symphony buteheretl thes parts . The important violin 'solos were par-
ticu larly bad; Concertmaster Harold Wolf is incapable of doing anything 
more than merely playing the not{'s correctly. 

Movies 

Matthau the Only Ray 
in "Sunshine Boys" 

Neil Simon is a comic playwrite and "The Sunshine Boys" is a comedy, 
but it is a lso, and more importantly, a dramatic portrait of a n embitte red 
old man. The comedy comes, not from the situations, but from the 
anguish of the old man himself. 

Walter Matlhau is the olll man, Willy Clark, one half of the famous 
vaudevi lle team of Lewis and Clark, bette I ' known as The Sunshin 'Boys. 
Unfo rtu nately lor is it fortunately ?) for the world, the team has not been 
together since Al Lewis (George Burns) retired to live with his grand-
child ren over 11 yea rs ago, a n act for which Cla rk never forgave him. 

In fact. that act was catalytic in turn ing Clark into the embittered and 
anguished old man so superbly portrayed by Matthau . Clark can only be 
described as the geriatrir version of another Simon character - Oscar 
Madison. Not coincidentally, Malthau was also the origina l Oscar. It 
shows. All the same mannerisms are there. He is a little slower and he 
walks with stooped shoulrlers, butthr apaltment still has the same mess 
and the tongue has not abatl'd . 

Willy Clark is a man who is afrairl of love . He uses his acid tongue as a 
defense against it. He is afraid lo attempt eVl'n a one shot reunion with Al 
I.ewis because it might bring back feelings of arrection. As a resu lt, he 
crea tes an assinine fi ght ove r the' use of the word "enter" as opposed to 
"come in" at the beginning of their famous doctor sketch . This scheme 
backfires when, after a large fight over the same issue, Clark has a heart 
attack. thus bringi ng him all the sympathy he tried to avoid. 

"The Sunshine Bo}s" is Waltl'r Matthau's grcatl'st performance. He 
turned what many thought to be a comedy role and turned it into a 
touching, symphCl thetie portra yal of a lonesome, anxious old man. 

Unfortunately, that is the only redeeming feature of the film. The rest 
of the acting is abisma l. and the directing is sloppy. Richard Benjamin 
was too mechanical as Willy', nephew and agent. He made the same 
mannerisms suffice fo r three or four different emotions. The worst actor 
of the film, howl'ver, was Geoq~e Burns, who did little more than stare 
obliquely at the came ra ami recite his lines in a monotone. 

"Thl' SUnShl!ll' Boys" will probabl~ be n 'ml'mlll'red as Matthau's iJest 
roll' -- it IS rllfrll'lut to conccivl' of him doing bl'tter -- <liltl an e l11gma will 
n 'll1ain ,IS to how he cou ld rlO);O well in SHl'h a poor flllll . 

--Ihlllid Shawh'r 

UC San Die~o pl'esents 

by Damel Shawler 
At1sEcHIor 

The New York Times called 
Baroque Organist Anthony 
Newman "a keyboard technician 
of staggering facility. on the scale 
of Horowitz, one could only sit and 
gape at a first viewing of Niagra," 

The Gennan magazine " Der 
Tagesspiegel" said, "His un-
dogmatic, and at the same time 
vibrant organ playing, his spicy 
coloration , all surpassed in im-
mediate effect the contributions of 
his competitors." 

Now, in what may be the best 
concert of the season, San Diegans 
will have a second chance (the first 
being last September on the 
Spreckel's organ) to hear Newman 
in an all-Bach organ recital 
tomorrow at 8 p.m. in the Man-
deville Auditorium. This will be the 
second in a series of two 
scholarship concerts given this 
year. Newman, a new member of 
the UC San Diego music faculty, is 
the second artist to appear in this 
series. The first concert, a ~onata 
recital with violinist Rafael Druiar 
and pianist lise von Alpenheim, 
look place in November, 

Newma n was born in Los 
Angeles in 1941, and started 
playing the piano at the age of five. 
When he was s ix he began listening 
to recordings of the famed Wanda 
Landowska. That led to an interest 
in Bach and to the harpsichord. 

AIter graduation from high 
sc hool Newman received a 
scholarship from the French 
goverrunent to study at the Ecole 
Normale de Musique. He received 
degrees from Harvard, Boston 
University, Mannes College of 
Music . The list of teachers he has 
studied under is impressive : 
Leonard Stein, Alfred Cortot, 
Luciano Serio, Pierre Cochereau, 
Leon Kirelmer, and others. He 
ta ught at the Julliard School before 
joining the UCSD music faculty. 

While everyone respects his 
amazing talent, Newman has often 
been criticized for his unorthodox 
interpretations of Bach. He plays 
the a llegro passages faster than 
any other musician, freely em-
belishes the music , often adding 
cadenzas where none are in-
dicated, frequently punctuates the 

. music with rubato (slight tempo 
variations), and alters the rhyth-
mic pattern of many passages. 

When questioned about these 
criticisms, Newman replied that 
all of his interpretations are based 
upon source materia 1 which in-
dicates that Bach himself per-
formed in a similar manner. 

Concerning the speed at which he 
plays, Newman said, " A somewhat 
religious or museum quality goes 
with old pieces which tend to be 
venerated a little." He added that 
accounts con te mporaneous to 
Bach indicate that Bach himself 
played with great agility and 
speed. 

Joseph Chaikin's production of 

. , 

'eleCTRA' 
U I1Hi.'il i",/wrl'IIII "l'(' IlI " The Vi ll a~e Voic'e 

8 pttt Swulay ~ 9wuw!tY I g 
fll . .I ..... :1)1) A .. .1 :1_ ... : •.••• ",,~ LU.UUJ.'UUft1; 

TICKET ' : UCSU Bux ()rfice 4.-2-4090 U{; ' D ' T $2.50 GA 4.00 

Organist · Anthony 
Newman, prefers the large 
works of Bach . 

Newman said that his use of 
ornamentation and embellishment 
depends largely on the' instrument 
being used ; he often plays a piece 
on the harpsichord differently 
from the organ. He further added 
that ornamentation was a device 
" used by Bach to make the har-
psichord morc expressive." 

Newman is an exponent of both 
the harpsichord and the organ. 
When asked his opinion of the 

many musicians who perfOl'lll 
Bach's keyboard works on Ibe 
piano (an instrument that was IIGI 
developed W1til a few years befor. 
Bach's death), he said, "BIiQ 
sounds good on any instrument, b!i 
he sounds more convincina on IIIe 
original. " 

Bach wrote for both ~he harp. 
sichord and the organ, but, with the 
exception of the " Passacaglia 8IId 
Fugue in C minor" (in which be 
wrote that the pedal harpsichord 
was preferred), Bach never 
specified the instrument for which 
the piece was composed. Newman 
said that the peda! line was the 
important feature in this distinc-
tion ; the lack of a pedal line 
usually indicated a harpsichord 
piece. 

Although he is best known as a 
harpsichordist. Newman finds it 
unsatisfactory for performing in 
large concert halls. " It's like 
listening to someone whisper," ht 
said. " AIter a while you stop 
listening." Consequently, for his 
Mandeville recital, Newman will 
perform on an an electronic organ 
that he described as " fairly good." 

When speaking of today's organs 
and harpisehords, Newman said 
that the ancient instruments· are 
invariably superior. Although 
technological advances have 
improved the construction of the 
modern instruments, the older 

Continued on Palte 8 

LSAT 
course beginning soon 

for those who wont to better scores 

For Info Call 222-6585 

Go directly to jail, Do not pass Go, Do not collect $200, 

1he Kinti of II Marvin Gardens 
it u(Jero n/ '/.I/Jn!)llot ..... n,11 nlS I'N) llt.f'nC,J11t Trw Ame'lC.dn DIC<lm f Tne marvel 0 ' tl'l, !, 

nlfw ~,~ ":0 c •• "dv' ano ~ 1''t1'') (II /$!ffl,:f/,ons/"!.P\ a .n n IIpJson 1 e.lf/·/"' flVr r ASV PfEC[S 
T"I{' ~tf()'n";ln(:.+!. ,1fe ,,,,~./(} .. t· ... ftt,Uf f(" ..... 

Saturda~ Ae'MW 

JACK NICHOLSON· BRUCE DERN · ELLEN BURSTYN 
Dfoduc;ed and dlfKtltd b) Bob RatotlOn. Mlnen bV Jacob Blackman and Bob AltellOf'l. 
E. Uhlltl Producer 8Ie",. 81euner 

Jan. 16 USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 
Tickets at Student enter Box Office $1 

an rbc IIIms pr ... nlalion 

Actor/director Gene Wilder, fotlo\Ning 8'1 ovenNhelming ovation , gave a three-
hour seminar at the Mandeville Auditorium in \Nhich he answered " painfully 
honest " ~uestions . 

Gene Wilder, Warm and . Fu~y, 
and Even Better in Person 

Gene Wilder is a very fUMY 
man; last week's festival of his 
films proved that time and again . 
He manages to envoke "ex-
plosions of laughter," as he 
describes it, in a wonderfully 
crazy way. 

More important than the 
display of fims , was Wilder's 
seminar last Thursday night in 
the Mandeville Auditorium. The 
rather lengthy seminar proved to 
be an exhibition of this man's 
great talent, eloquence, natural 
good-naturedness, and patience. 

The seminar began following 
an overwhelming ovation as a 
blushing Wilder requested his 
audience to ask the " painfully 
honest " questions regarding his 
ca reer as actor, writer, and most 
recently. director . The next three 
hours Wilder managed to 
maintain an air of practiced 
composure despite his subjection 
to the idiocy and lack of good 
taste of the majority of those 
asking questions. The " painfully 
honest" questions asked, were 
concerned with the artist 's 

personal and private life, a 
subject he continually asked not 
to be discussed. 

Doing what he could with the 
few questions that were worthy of 
answering, Wilder managed to 
introduce the audience to the 
man behind Willy Wonka and Dr. 
Frankenstein. He exposed a · 
beautiful, frustrated, sensitive, 
and powerful artist-a man with 
unusually high aspirations and an 
optimistic view of life. 

Watching Lee J . Cobb in 
" Death of A Salesman" inspired 
Wilder to pursue a career in the 
theatre. "I wanted to be in that 
world," explained Wilder, and so 
began a life that has led him to 
his position of star in the eyes of 
so many movie buffs, Since that 
important decision, Wilder has 
produced the works of a genius. 

A most pleasant surpr ise in lasl 
week's parade of movies was 
" Quacksar Fortune has a Cousin 
in the Bronx" which Wilder 
described as " .. . the best acting 
work I've ever done. It will 
always hold a soft spot in my 

heart." The film was released in 
1968, " two years before its time" 
and " was seen by maybe 14 
people." It was a movie that 
found Wilder in a serious 
dramatic acting role, of the type 
he is now most interested in. 

Describing his career as a 
progression from being a terribly 
shy adolescent to a now sought-
after movie star. Wilder summed 
up his present situation as being a 
"".eross-road in my life. I have 
wanted to be able to see on the 
screen the pictures that I see in 
my head. I'm torn about what I'm 
supposed to do." 

Whatever it is that Mr. Wilder 
does, I am sure that he will do it 
with all the professionalism, 
crazy sensitivity and comfortable 
humor that made Thursday 
nights seminar so unforgettable . 
I only hope Wilder will be able to 
forget the rude and generally 
tacky behavior that seems 
abundant at tlas University. 

Meanwhile, I thank Mr. Wilder, 
for he is indeed a wild-eyed, an 
amazing, a very funny man. 

by Elizabeth C/liment 
Staff Writer 

OASIS NEEDS TUTORS to meet student demand for tutorial 
assistance in lower division Math & Science. Earn 4 units of 
credit for tutoring this quarter and tutor in subsequent quarters for· 

Call or come by the Oasis office immediately for more 

information. 

LOCATION: 250 MC 
PHONE: 452-3760 

v.c. San Diego presents 

CONTEMPORARY 
CHAMBER ENSEMBLE 

• " 
directed by ARTHUR WEISBURG 

" d ,. , ,, 
. .. azz Ing. The New York Times 

Ihrilling • mUltI see" The Village Voice 
8:30 pm Saturday, January 17 

Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD ST: t2.50 GA: 4.00 
TlCKETS: UCSD Box Office INFO: 452-4090 

by Stl'VC Esmrdin3 
The Unilln-Trihullc recently lifted its advertis ing ban on X-rated 

movies. The archaic absurdity of the six year old ban now seems obvious, 
but the lift is s ignificant because it has occurred at a time when the 
"value " of pornographic film is a hot-to-trot s ubject among many 
" legitimate" film critics. 

In the ·'Village Voi<'e's" current year-end arts supplement, Andrew 
Sarris delivers an obtuse but empassioned plea for serious critics and 
moviL'gocl's to piL'ase stop destl'oying eroticism by patronizing hard-core 
porno. As IS usuat for Sarris, he wanders off into a number of tangents 
that connel'l only pa n'nthetically tf) the thrust of his article-. 

In a I'ecent issue of" cw York" magazine, John Simon dissects at 
length the illegitimacy of pornography from an exclUSively artistic 
swndpoint. Oth (' cri ti(,s as difrerent in tast l' and tl'mperament as Vin-

( ' ~'nt Canby and Duncan Shepherd ha ve attempted to di smantl C' the porno 
m.\·stique from thc mantil' of high art. 

In only s lightly v<lried ways , each of these criti<:s ends up with the sa me 
set of .:hargcs: porno is emotionally static: lhe ima ge is always crudd y; 
It rl'phlces genuine ero~iclsm with mere engineering: it is degrading to 
tnll' human sex ualit y. This last point is delivered with somc s tress. All of 
tIll' ('ritit's admit that they arc for sex in the cinema, it 's just tha t sturr like 
" ' k hind The Green Door, " " I .aves Of Joanna," and " Story Of 0" do not 
pn"luce the necessary aesthetic erectiOlt~ . Curst'd with liberal streaks, 
nonl' of these write rs will go so far as to suggest that pornography. if 
Indeed it is "degrading," should be outlawed. 

Susan Broll'nmilll'r, in hl'r marathon treati se on mall' piggism, 
"Against Our Will ," suffers from no such ca utions . She is of the firm 
belil'f that " pOl'nography is the undiluted essence of anti-f('mall' 
propaganda ." Brownmiller goes on to assert boldly, blatantly, that 
pornography on a scale of infinite evil i on par with Nazi propaganda. 
She blasts thl'liberal consciousness that has promoted the proliferation of 
porno " with the patina of chi('"in the name of vel'bal freedom and 
~ophistication . " 

From a feminist. 01' even s imply a humanist stance it is difficult to 
argue: with Brownmiller's thesis . It is also refreshull! to read someone 
wilh a contemporary rather than a traditionalist mentality who is against 
"smut." But although her prejudices and jargon are different, the end 
result is the same: an advocation of censorship in the name of "correct" 
human behavior. This is only one step away from the criterion that the 
Catholic Film Newsletter uses to stamp something "Condemned." 

!III of these argumenL~, whether based on technical, artistic or 
. ociologit'al grounds might seem convin 'ing from th{'ir particular bases, 
hut they make little sense to me. To criticize " Behind The Grecn Door" 
for the quality of its image is to inf!'r that improvement is '· possible ." 
Would bringing Geoffery .un~worth or-Claude \lenoir together with the 
Mitchell Brothers impl'ove the quality of their films'? To take porno 
movies apart for being " mere engineering" IS to Imply that sexual in-
tercourse, like a gun<;hot sequence, should be simulated , so as not to go 
against the grain of " illusion. " And to argue that the degradation that 
women incur in porno films is equal toihe treatment the J ews faced from 
thl' Nazis is too overstated to deserv se rious con~idera tion. 
Sociologieall.\' , pornography is a mattt'r of propriety. It has th propen-

~ it .1' for embarrassment. That's all. 
As such, it 'puzzll's me as to why serious minded thinkers like thes 

hot he I' to dcal with pornography a t all. Is It simply the bogus critical 
blurhs that entices them into the movies? Or is it a sense of crusading : 
!lrt in Simon's case; true el'oti cism for Sarris and Canby: camera 
tl'chnique for Shepherd: and female dignity for Browruniller? If '0, then 
all of these writers arc s imply defeating their purposes. You can't 
(Ti tieize ga rbage for not being cuisine. You just stay away from it, ignore 
it, leave it alone , and as Gerard Damiano, a man with a vested Interest 
admiL~, " it will die a natural death." 

I must admit that if " banning" porno films meant that theatres like the 
Ca pri , Fine Arts, a nd the Gui ld would be forced to sta rt bringing in first-
rlln, no-show, or hard-to-locate films like Hainer Fassbinder's " Fist-
Right of Freedom," Monte Hellman's "Cockfightcr," MargurietH' Duras' 
" India Song" and Terrence Maliek'5 "Dead Head Mi les" then I would be 
an anti-porno advocate myself. In5tC'ad, I believe that to discuss it at all i 
TO prolong a n irrC'levancc, which is what I am guilty of doing hert'. So all I 
haw to say about pornogra phy is this: flick it. 

JESUS: 
FACT & FALLACY 

A t(~ IUfC Sf1r1CS on th e theme Jesus Fact ant! fd ll.tI v WIll be presented by Dr Harold 
HOflhnflr I (llICS I lechHrf) Wit h UCSO prole~sors comm('nt ing o n the presented malenal 
0, HO(lhncr will respond 10 Quesltons 'lOrn ttlP audience Free admiSSion 

The If'('tilfO S("rH"S Willi ke p i e Januarv 19~2J. 1976, In the AcvelleCafelefla Irom 8:00. 
If . n P In sponsored hV Campus Crusade 

GUEST LECTURER·OR HAROLD HOEHNER PH 0 Unlverslly 01 Cambml qe (England). 
J'lff)h"'i"'fH 0' New Trslamcnt Eweqesls al Dallae; ThPOloqlcal Semm8rv 

JflnUrUY 19 

TOPICS 
,J ESUS O~ THE GOSPELS AND THE QUMRAN CO MMUNITY 

.JESUS OF THE GOSPELS OR FIRST CENTURV DISTORTION 
Pflll l lf.al Issues lawrence Waddy UCSO lel turL .. 

J."'''"'V 21s l - JFSUS OF THE GOSPELS OR THE CRITlC:S 
Ollfllll\ 01 Paul's ff'hqlOn - Or DaVid Crowr.. dCS O aSSO<'I.-te 

pfoh~s~Of 0 1 !lIN' turf' 

JI US TH SOURCE OR THE PRODUC T OF CHRI STIANITY 
NilII\' T" "drJll" 1I1 documf'nlS 0. AI n M O."h mf'1'1iPr UCSO 
.1"1 lanl PfOlCS!iiUf oth''''l nfY 

Irsus THE PREDICT 0 ME SIAH 



Harry Crosby , La Jolla 
photographer and teacher;turned-
Baja California muleback explorer 

• and discoverer of cave paintings, 
will speak at a Friends of the UC 
San Diego Library program on 
Jan. 15, at 8 pm in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Though Crosby has discovered 
about 2,000 Baja cave paintings, 
the most important of his finds 
may be a portrayal of the super-
nova which created the Crab 
Nebula nearly a thousand years 
ago. . 

Crosby's if the first program in 
the Public Events series sponsored 
by the Friends. Friends is an 
educational organization which 
brings together San Diegans with a 
common interest in books, 
libraries and promoting the 
development of the UCSD 
libraries. . 

Coffee, tea and wine will be 
served before the pr9gram, 
beginning at 'i: 30 p.m. Admission 
is free and open to the public. 

Testing Programs Changed 

Educational Testing Service 
(ETS) reports several major 
changes in two national testing 
programs whose scores are used as 
part of the admissions process in 
many of the nation's graduate 
schools. 

Offensive. . . 

Added to the newly titled 
Graduate Management Admission 
Test (GMAT), formerly the 
Admission Test for Graduate Study 
in Business, is an expanded ad-
mission ticket correction form that 
allows the candidate to verify and 
correct, if necessary, the accuracy 
of the information he provided ETS 
on the registration form. 

There also are several new 
additions to the Graduate Record 
Examinations (GRE). A full· 
length sample GRE, containing 
questions previously used in 'past 
tests, is available. The aptitude 
test has been shortened five 
minutes from the former three-
hour total, and for the first time 
students will be allowed at the time 
of the test administration to delete 
or change the list of institutions to 
which scores are to be sent. 

ETA says the changes were 
made to help simplify the test-
taking process by making it more 
accommodating for student 
candidates. 

Security Recommendations Made 

Purchase of a paper slu·edder is 
among the security recom-
mendations made to the Board of 
Supervisors in a confidential letter 
a uthored by Dist. Atty. Edwin L. 
Miller. 

Titled " A Confidential Report to 
Prevent the Leakage of Con-
fidential Material," the letter lists 
several m easures, recommended 

Ice cream cones were our favorite treat and they did not cost too much 
but still satisfied our tastes . 

When I dropped Peter off at his house we would say something like, 
"Well, we didn'tdo too bad," and I would agree and say, "See ya," and go 
home. Instead of thinking about how I felt or who I was J would get into 
bed and go to sleep. 

• rI ••••• 11JI('8 

by Miller, "to improve security of 
confidential information within the 
office of the Board of Supervisors." 

The letter represents the 
culmination of an investigation 
over several months by the OA's 
Office. The investigation was 
prompted by the premature 
publication last August of a list of 
the candidates for the chief ad-
ministrative officer's position. 

Other suggested security 
measures include:' no mail 
delivery on Saturdays or holidays, 
doors marked privatp. to be locked 
at all times and to lock super-
visors' office doors when not in use. 

Hughes ... 
In the same year Hughes, 

s ponsored by PAX (Political 
Action for Peace ), ran in 
Massachusetts as an independent 
against Ted Kennedy for a US 
Senate. The campaign focused 
primarily on rousing public in-
terest in the peace issue, which at 
that time was largely nonexistent. 

Hughes credits peace 
organizations such as PAX and 
Sane with bringing the issue of the 
war to the attention of public of-
ficials and the public, and with 
providing an organizational 
framework for the Vietnam 
movement. 

Quit in 1970 

In 1965 Spock and Hughes 
redirected SANE to the Vietnam 
issue, which gradually began to 

. attract politicians and young 
people. Spock left Sane as he 
became interested in the more 
radical ideas of young people. 
Hughes remained to chair the 
organization until 1970, feeling he 

belon~ somewhere between the 
young people arid the politicians. 
In 1970 he quit his post, feeling the 
war would end soon. 

Hughes had served in the Sec~d 
World War in the intelligence-
gathering department of the Office 
of Strategic Services, the 
forerunner of the CIA. Com· 
menting on the CIA's present role 
in planning and carrying out 
assassinations, Hughef remarked 
that during the war the OSS to his 
knowledge left such activities to 
the British. The OSS had been 
divided into Intelligence and 
operation departments, and the 
intelligence side was separated 
into open and secret intelligence. 
Hughes had -been chief of open 
intelligence, of the Mediterranean 
Theatre. 

Hughes, who speaks ""'rench, 
Italian and German, for the most 
part conducted interviews of 
resistence and political leaders . 
during the war. One of his most 
important missions was to drive 
through the French countryside 
after the allied forces had left and 
to try to determine the political 
climate of the area. 

Americans were afraid of a 
Communist insurrection, but they 
did not find one. 

Wedaetday, J_ury It, lt7s 

semblea a8 more deSirable than 
orchestra, but stiU not as good as a 
solo recital. 

In his recitals, Newman oft n 
performs the large, robust works 
of Bach because he prefers them 
Coincidentally, .such works ar~ 
those most enjoyed by the concert 
audiences. His Mandeville recital 
will be no exception. The program 
consists of "Prelude and Fugue in 
A. minor," "Sclunuecke Dich, 0 
Liebe Seele," "Fantasy and Fugue 
in G minor," "Nun Komm, der 
Heiden Heiland," "Tocatta and 
Fugue in D minor," "Dies Sind Die 
Heilgen Vehar Gevoten," and 
"Passacaglia and Fugue in C 
minor." 

As evidence of Newman's talent 
it is worth noting that two of th~ 
pieces (the Tocatta and the 
Passacaglia) rarely appear on the 
same program due to their com· 
plexity. Both are commonly used 
as concert finales . 

It is generally a rare experience 
to hear a live recital by an arti t of 
Anthony Newman's magnitUde. 
Don't miss this opportunity. 

Crusade ... 
Hoehner will look at issues o~ 

Newman ... 
ones produce a better sound. 
Newman said that some of the 
more famous organs in Europe, 
are falling apart and the 
mechanical action is very bad, but 
the sound is beautiful. When it was 
suggested that the acoustics of the 
cathedrals in which the organs are 
found may have much to do with 
this, he said that the difference was 
due mainly to the quality of the 
organ itself. 

- jectively and pay special attention 
to primary sources. Post said that 
one of the major complaints of the 
CCC is that professors and students 
are not aware of primary source 
documentation. 

Although Newman has per-
formed with orchestras as well as 
alone, he still prefers solo work. In 
order to perform with an or-
chestra, he finds that he has to 
relinquish too much musical 
control. He sees chamber en-

The CCC hopes to provide in-
formation to the UCSD community 
which will allow individuals to 
make critical judgments rather 
than emotional ones concerning 
religion; to expose misconceptions 
about Christianity; and to enable 
students to ask more specific 
questions in the classroom on 
religious issues. 

Post said he got the idea for the 
lecture series after it became 
apparent he would be unsuccessful 
in gaining access to the classroom 
to discuss the historicity of Jesus 
Christ. . 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~-CAMPUSPROGRAMBoARd~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

.... -----WiNTER OUARTER FiLMS 1970-----..... 
Friday Nights 

Jan. 9 Sherlock Holme's Smarter Brother MCA 7:30 
di rected by Gene Wilder 

Jan. 16 King of Marvins Gardens 
wi Jack Nicholson, Ellen Burstyn, Bruce Dern 

n. 23 A Touch of Class 

(Mandeville) 10:00 
USB 2722 7:30 

10:00 
USB 2722 7:30 

. ....~'s is w/ George Segal, Glenda Jackson 
CtoSUJ _ 10:00 

MCA 7:30 
10:00 

Murder on the Orient Express USB 2722 7:30 

n. 30 Monty Python and the Holy Grail 

Feb. 6 

eb. 13 Casablanca 
To Have and Have Not 
Blondie Johnson 

b. 20 The Conversation 
w/ Gene Hackman 

directed by Francis Ford Coppola 

Feb. 27 Brothers and Sisters in Concert 
w / Curtis Mayfield, Gladys Knlgnt and the Pips, 

the Temptations, Roberta Flack 

Mar. 5 Phantom of the Paradise 

Mar. 12 Steelyard Blues 
wi Jane Fonda, Donald Sutherland 
Tom Jones 

wl Albert Finney 
1963 Academy Awa rd Best Pictu re 

10:00 
USB 2722 7:30 

only 

USB 2722 7:30 
10:00 

MCA 7:30 
10:00 

USB 2722 7:30 
10:00 

USB 2722 7:30 
only 

$1 . Tickets sold 

Jan. 10 

Jan. 17 

Jan. 24 

Jan. 31 

Feb. 7 

Feb. 14 

Feb. 21 

Feb. 28 

Mar. 6 

Mar. 13 

Saturday Nights 
Stavisky 
wi Jean·Paul Belmondo 

directed by Alain Resnais 

'Stranger on a Train' 
Directed By Alfred Hitchcock 

Virgin and The Gypsy 
Amarcord 

directed by Federico Fellini 
1974 Academy Award winner Best Foreign Film 

Woman Under the Influence 
wl Peter Falk and Gena Rowlands 

directed by John Cassavetes 

Memories of 
Underdevelopment 
The Boys in the Band 

Day for Night 
directed by Francois Truffaut 

Fireman's Ball 

USB 2722 7:30 
10:00 

USB 2722 7:30 
only 

MCA 7:30 
10:00 

USB 2722 7:30 
10:00 

USB 2722 7:30 
10:00 

USB 2722 7:30 
10:00 

MCA 7:30 
10:00 

USB 2722 7:30 
, directed by Milo Foreman (" One Flew Over The 10 .. 00 

Cuckoo's Nest") 
The Battle of Algiers USB 2722 7:30 

10:00 
Going Places 
directed by Bertrand Blier 
"A Sexual Keystone Comedy .. ·· Pauline Kael 

MCA 7:30 
10:00 

at Student Ctr. Box Office 


