
... . ' 

l 

Accreditation Team To Visit UCSD 
School Shows Best Face; 1973Team Found Too Many Administrators 

Mariana Marin and King Golden (TT photos : Bill Brooks) 

GSU Condemns Admin 
Waste at AFSCME Rally 

by Debora Weber 
Staff Writer 

Graduate Student Union (GSU) member Mariana Marin charged at a 
union rally Friday that while UC San Diego spends more on academics 
than any other UC campus, its wage scale is the lowest. 

The GSU called the Matthews campus rally-which was attended by 
about 30 members and supporters-to list its demands and present in-
formation about its recent vote to join the American Federation of State, 
County and Municipal Employees. -

Marin-in reiterating GSU demands for year-long contracts, fee and 
tuition waivers, 50 percent FTE employment for all teaching assistants 
and no increases in TA workload and section sizes-said that although 
overworked TAs serve an essential function in the University, UCSD will 
hire no more of them for next year. 

The only additional TAs included in the 1976-77 UC budget as it now 
stands will go to UC Santa Cruz. 

She added that promised TA contracts for next year have not been 
t received by graduate students yet. 

b<:.. Marin also charged that UCSD has too many overpaid administrators. 
dn Chancellor McElroy's $46,OOO-a-year salary was cited as an example. 
"'f' . Marin said UCSD's non-administrative employees are paid according 
r( to the lowest wage scale in the UC system. 
\' $100,000 Misspent 

She said the administration spent $100,000 on the hearings of 10 students 
charged with disrupting UC President Saxon's visit here in November. 

. The money, she stated, would have paid the salaries of 20 TAs for the 
coming year. 

" We are," she said, "at the mercy of the whims of the bosses' policies. ,', 

King Golden, a representative of AFSCME Loca11~7 a.nd a candidate 
for Congress, spoke on the need for all employees to. umomze .. In response 
to the $5,000 pay increase voted to the mayor and city counCilmen of San 
Diego, Golden expressed AFSCME's demand for a $105 across-the-board 
pay raise for public employees. 

A team from the Western 
Association of Schools and Colleges 
(WASC) will visit UC San Diego 
this week to determine whether the 
campus qualifies for a full ten-year 
accreditation. 

Students will be able to meet 
with the team at a student 
reception Friday at 9 am in the 
student center lounge. 

This will be the only such open 
meeting. 

Wayne Gray of the planning 
office, who has been heading the 
accreditation effort at UCSD, said 

students are encouraged to discuss 
their concerns with the group 
during its visit. 

The team will arrive tomorrow 
afternoon. 

The visit of the accreditation 
team, headed by Richard S. 
Gilman, president of Occidental 
College in Los Angeles, is the 
culmination of work that began 
last year when Chancellor 
McElroy appointed Manuel 
Rotenburg, the acting dean of 
graduate studies, to coordinate the 

Candidate Sorsa Looks 
Forward to Mobilization 

by Sara J. Lowen 
Community editor 

In 1969, a group of men broke into 
Young Socialist Alliance (YSA) 
member Don Sorsa's Chicago 
apartment and beat him with 
baseball bats and tire irons. The 
men also tried to steal a file that 
contained the names of other YSA 
members. The YSA is the youth 
arm of the Socialist Workers Party 
(SWP) . 

Elections 
Upcoming 

Elections to the three college 
councils-coupled with elections at 
all four colleges for the California 
Public Interest Research Group 
(CaIPIRG ) local board--are 
scheduled for the next few weeks. 

CalPIRG ballots will be cast 
along with council ballots at 
Revelle, Muir and Third. Fourth-
Which does not have a college 
council--will hold a separate 
CalPiRG election. 

Applications for the Muir and 
Third councils - Revelle ' s 
nominating were due last 

Continued on Page 3 

One- of the men - Thomas 
Stewart - testified in July that the 
men were members of the Legion 
of Justice. He said the Legion has 
been involved in attacks on the 
YSA and other radical 
organizations. 

Stewart also testified that the 
group had been paid for its work by 
the Chicago police department, the 
132nd military intelligence unit of 
the US Army and the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation. 

.I)rsa now a San Diego resident, 
has filed an $8 million lawsuit 
against the government. 

Growing Influence 
The fact that the FBI had 

organized a program to harass the 
SWP, Sorsa said in a recent in-
terview, indicates the growing 
influence of the party. " The 
government was frantic because of 
the anti-war movement, and the 
SWP was a major leader of the 
movement. The Pentagon Papers 
howed former President Richard 

Nixon was disturbed by anti-war 
demonstrations. 

"Demonstrations are one of the 
tools that the SWP can use to in-
fluence American policies." 

The law uit against the Chicago 
Police department, the Army and 

ontinued on Page 8 

Chatting at the Rainbow 
by Mark Stadler 

News Editor 
Five minutes to air time. 

KSDT's Dave Blum sits eating an 
omelet with a friend in one of the 
UC San Diego station's back 
rooms. He explains why he and 
Chris Carlson started the 
Rainbow Bar. 

" We wanted to provide 
alternative campus-related 
broadcasting," he says of 
KSDT's "Controversial talk 
show," which airs Monday nights 
from 7 to 9. Guests in the past 
have Included representatives of 
the campus police and the birth 
control clinic. 

But the key to Rainbow Bar, 
Blum says, is its listeners. The 
audience runs the show, he says: 
all phone questions are taken as 
they come in and are fed to the 
gue ts before his questions as 
moderator. 

And, he says, " It has su -
ded." Th r sponse has been 

"fantastic. The phon usually 
do n't stop ringing." 

Participants at recent Rainbow Bar include moderators Lee Roberts and Dave Blum, and 
guests Kirstie W ilde and Cathy Clark (TT photo : Nathan Meyers) 

Why Rainbow Ba r? the room. " You've onl got a c nt r loung , to accommodate 
Carlson tells the story. The couple minut s, Dave. and what Blum. hopes to b a 

origina l concept was to run the Kir tie's here." Tonight i a gen rous audl n e. 
show from midnight to 4 am on pedal how, f aturing Kirstie Gut, ot Acting 
Saturdays, with the moderator Wilde. KGTV-chann I 10 Now v r on ttl into hi 
playing the bartender role, ncwsperson, and ath lark, plac in th 1 ung . Blum and L 
listening to p opl and trying to KFMB-channel 8 broadcast r . Rob rls, who WI I a ist Blum 
park listener invovl m nt. K T hann 139 an h rman Ron with the mod rator' rol, go 
The show's nam , he adds. Fortn r an lied out of th how ov r til ir qu tion'. Th la t 

om 5 from a bar and grill in Los that afternoon . For th occa I n, . train of Loggm~ and M ina' 
Ang 1 s. Rainbow Bar has moved, fr m " Lad m Lov" are pIa in on 

Someone pok s his head into th KSDT tudlo to th 'tud nt the air. 

If-study and evaluation required 
by WASC for accreditation. 

The accreditation process will 
apply to the whole campus except 
the medical school, which un-
dergoes a separate procedure. 

Richard Gilman 
UCSD was granted accreditation 

by W ASC for three years . in 1973 
and is now seeking the maximum 
ten-year accreditation. The 1973 
team found that UCSD had too 
many administrators, and that 
their powers were not clearly 
delineated. 

Cho en by the Team 
Accr ditation is required if the 

school is to receive various non-
state funds and if students are to 
receive federal .financial aid 
benefits. 

During the week, the ac-
creditation team will meet with thE 
various UCSD administrators, the 
chairmen of the four academic 
departments visited by the ac-
creditation team in 1973 (an-
thropology, biology, literature and 
physics ), th Council of Provosts 
and other UCSD personnel. 

The team will also meet with 
representatives of five UCSD 
departments for a study of their 
programs . The departments , 
chosen by the team, are 
math matics, philosophy, political 
science, psychology and vi ual 
arts. 



Jolin H . hylor 
Editor·in-Chtef 

Marl< Sladl., 
News editor 

M .... W .... t.. 
Managing edllor 

saraJ. L_ 
Communityedllor 

Ja_ G. Solo 
C,lyeditor 

Cr.u Uchldoo 
Opinion edilor 

\ The Triton Times Is recognizad as the official student newspeper by the Corn· 
munications Board 01 UCSO. Unsigned editorials repre .. nlthe views 01 Ihe majority 01 
lhe adllarlal bcNtrd labo.el. and notlhe .Iews 01 the Uni .. rsity, the Communications 
Board or the sludenl body. 

Run Your University 
As this school year nears its end, it's time to start thinking about next 

year. Specifically, college councils and University committees. 
Applications for both are currently available. 

College council elections for next year will be held at Muir and Revelle 
during the first week of May, and Third College has its balloting set for 
the next week. 

Although Revelle closed its nominations last Friday, petitions for Muir 
and Third are still available. This Friday is the deadline for Muir's 
nominating petitions. As of last Friday, Third had not set a date. 

With these opportunities for student involvement in government and 
the bureaucracy we urge all undergraduates to play an active role by 
participating. 

Student government has the Potential to be a viable force at UCSD. 
With a strong constituency behind the councils, they could be ve y ef-
fective in bringing about the change that students desire and need. One of 
the main couDcil powers is the appointment of representatives to 
powerful committees-such as student regi tration fee committee and the 
Campu Program Board--as well as allocating funds for recreational, 
cultural and social activities. 

But the potential cannot be realized without strong student backing. 
Take out a petition and run for office. If you're not that ambitious, at least 
vote, and help select someone who bcst represents your fcelings. 

Applications for campus-wide, individual college, graduate and 
Student Cooperative committee appointments for next year are also 
available. A booklet, compiled under the direction of student intern 
coordinator Ron Green, has been sent to all students, outlining the 
complcte list of all the committees. 

Since it is probably truly said that UCSD is run by committee, here's a 
good chance to take a hand in running the university. 

Will Fame Spoil 
Arnold Mandel? 

UC San Diego's celebrated Arnold Mandel - whose statements and 
allegations about the San Diego Chargers led to the firing last year of 
General Manager Harland Savare, according to Savare - doesn't have 
time for the press. 

Well. He doesn't have time for his campus newspaper. Perhaps that's 
not the same thing. 

It's not that we haven't tried. Our sports editor has called his office at 
least six times, and was told by various secretaries that Mandel, a 
professor and the psychiatry dopartment cochairman, would call him 
back. 

When asked about Mandel's book - The Nightmare Season, to be 
released soon - the secrctaries always delivered a stem no comment, 
indicating Mandel was not prepared to discuss his book until after a 
speech at the San Diego press club tbis week. 

Mandel never called us back. The last time we called his office - to 
arrange, at the very least, a short photograph session - we were told the 
doctor was with People magazine. And recently we learned a spokesman 
for Mandel offered a Los Angeles radio station an interview anytime 
Wednesday, Thursday or Friday of this week. 

Mandel's office told us they didn't know anything about that. 
Arnold Mandel is a representa tive of the University of California whose 

clai ms are apparently having a measurable effect on a popular area 
industry. Also, Mandel has been accused by players of illegal distribution 
of drugs while he was staff psychiatrist for the team. 

He's news, and we ought to be able to talk to him. And if he's got time 
for the glossies to push his book, he ought to have 30 minutes for thc Triton 
Times. 

Just in case there's someone at UCSD who doe n't read People 
magazine. 

Not An Issue, Part II: 
Let's review thi ma terial once again, for those of you in the back who 

weren 't listening. 
You know that office over in the student center, set aside for the Triton 

Times? 
We don' t want it. 
Our present office I : 
-bigger. 
-more accessible to l'Itre students. 
-separate from the student center, the source of many of our storie. 
-rented to us in a I;u iness arrangement, not allocated In a poUtical 

one. 
There have been three plans. One put us in two conference rooms in the 

student center, which have now been allocated to th Wom n's Center 
and th Disabled Student nion. That's fin , because they were much too 
small. 

The s ond puts us on th second nnor office that was desiglleu for us . 
Thi ~ Is tho plan Vi ('-chane 1I0r and D an of Student Affairs. George 
Murphy is pu bing for, beeause h wants to mak sur' we get the spac 
we need. Howev r, w would crowd a numb ' r 01 other orgaOlzations OUI . 

No olle talks about th third plan mu h <In} mor . It was design d to 
kecp u'll.ltRcvelle, ideally in thc Hlake Uall ome we now OC(·upy. 

ThaI' .. the- plan" 'ullpnrt. 

• rli ••• i. nil'S Monday, April ZI, 1976 
Seems the Best -Loved T eachersGet the Axe 

The word is out that Mrs. 
Eleanor Widmer, an instructor in 
the Department of Literature 
Department, has been fired. 

Students who have taken 
classes with Mrs. Widmer can 
only guess as to why she was 
fired. Some feel that her rclease 
was a result of anti-Semitic in-
clinations that are rumored to be 

prevalent in the literature 
department, jealousies arLsmg 
over her excellence and popularity 
with students which is well 
deserved, and that she is a woman. 
As these are only rumors, con-
cerned students would like to know 
the "actual" reasons for her 
dismissal. 

Many students are shocked and 
saddened with the news of her 
release. I am particularly con-
fused because Mrs. Widmer is 
considered by many to be among 
the best instructors at UC San 
Dicgo . I am not a lit major but I 
was one for two years at UC Los 
Angeles before transferring to 

Letters to the Editor 

UaiD. I needed lit courses in 
order to complete a lit minor 
here. I asked students and staff 
which lit professors I should take. 
Almost everyone that I asked 
said that before I graduate I must 
take Eleanor Widmer. 

r had heard great things .about 
her around campus and last 
quarter I finally enrolled in one of 
her classes. The content and the 
materials for the course were 
excellent and the quality of her 
lecture would be difficult to 
surpass. I am quite sure that my 

opinions are shared by most of 
Mrs. Widmer's students. 
r am concerned and dismayed 

that an instructor might be 
penalized for her excellence and 
her hwnanistic approach to 
literature that is so refreshing in 
the stifling conservatism that 
abounds in so many lit depart-
ments. I am also concerned that 
others may never again be able to 
have an experience unique to 
UCSD. 

MARK TYNAN 
SENIOR 

POLITI CAL SCIENCE 

Widmer Too Gocxj for UCSD ? 
Sad to hear of Professor Eleanor Widmer's recent dismissal from 

this University: we speak for many of her students, past and present. 
Her competence as a lecturer and creative writing instructor was 
surpassed only by her enthusiasm. Our thanks to Professor Widmer 
for her concern and encouragement, and our best wishes for her 
always. 

MARK SMALLWOOD 
MIKE MARTIN 

Litter Critic Dum'ps on Triton Times 
The time has come to call at-

tention to the continuing stream of 
misinformation, distortion and 
yellow journalism which the Triton 
Times purveys to the UC San Diego 
community as " news." This is 
pointedly illustrated by your 
inaccurate and biased reporting of 
the recent disciplinary hearings. 
On two occasions within the last 
two weeks the Triton Times has 
been forced to withdraw blatantly 
libelous and erroneous statements 
which it attributed to participants 
in the proceedings (TT, April 16 ). 

This practice of attributing false 
statements and later retracting 
them is not merely " regrettable", 
as the Triton Times puts it. It is the 
essence of trashy journalism, and 
is all the more inexcusable in view 
of the prejudicial nature of the 
statements attributed. Your 
reporters could have easily ob-
tained a complete and accurate 
transcript of the proceedings from 
your multitudinous benefactors 
within the UCSD administration, 
but instead you rushed into print. 

Could it be that this is a 
deliberate policy of your editorial 
staff? One can only wonder, but it 
would be well to call the attention 
of your readers to the disclaimer 
you now run on your editorial 
page: " The Triton Times is 
recognized as the official student 
newspaper by the Communications 
Board of UCSD. Unsigned 
editorials represent the majority of 
the editorial board (John H. 
Taylor, Mark Stadler, James G. 
Soto, Craig Uchida, Mark Woelber, 
Sara J . Lowen), and not the views 
of the University, the Com-
munications Board or the student 
body." 

In any case your predilection for 
fictional news stories is a 

lamentable substitute for hard-
hitting investigative reporting on 
issues of vital importance to the 
UCSD community. For instance, 
why have you not investigated the 
UCSD Housing and Food Services' 
action to raise rents on UCSD 
student apartments by eight 
percent per year for the next four 
yea rs? Cou ld it be that the 
University administration does not 
want the public to know about the 
unfavorable mortgage rates it 
accepted for construction of the 

new Mesa apartments (you know, 
the ones next to the $49,000 & up La 
Jolla Beach and Tennis Club 
" luxury townhome" develoD-
ment)? 

Even if it didn't, why couldn·t the 
UCSD administration obtain a 
special Regental loan to cover the 
mortgage instead of gouging 
students Jiving at near subsistence 
level? Are you aware that the 
Regents have in fact guaranteed 
$158,000 in special loans for con-

Continued on Page 3 

Thanks Due to Coop for CaIPIRG Support 
H the Associated Students 

Council at San Diego State abides 
by its decision to cut CalPIRG 
funding by 75 percent, CaIPIRG 
will be forced out of existence by 

October, 1976. - -
SDSU claims that CalPffiG isn't 

serving enough of the student in-
terest. Yet CalPIRG has at least 
300 volunteers from SDSU working 
in Mferent capacities. They also 
cite infla tionary reasons. Yet a 75 
percent reduction seems rather 
xcessive. 

They imply that a nursing home 
investigation, drug price surv y, 
voca tiona l schools investigation, 
employm nt agency investigation, 
and comparative food survey are 
not rei vant to stullent concerns. 
Y t th AS . ounell fuil s to r alize 
that all stud nts arc part of th 
sod ty at larg·, ann through ac-
tive vehic! s such as aIPIRG. 

students can positively affect the 
ills of society. 

CaIPIRG is funded by UC San 
Diego, SDSU, University of San 
Diego, USD Law School, and 
Grossmont College. Since SDSU 
has more than 50 percent of the 
students served by CaIPIRG, it 
follows that GaIPIRG needs 50 
percent of its funding supplied by 
SDSU. The remainder is made up 
by the other campuses, each 
contributing a share equivalent to 

iL~ population of students. 

The Student Coop at UCSD, 
unlike its counterpart at SDSU, 
recognizes the validity of a group 
such as CaIPIRG. The CIHlP seizes 
the opportunity to fund a totally 
student-controlled organization 
that uses its power to reach out to 
the community as well as different 
levels of government. 

We appreciate the overwhelming 
support of the Coop and hope that 
AS at SDSU will see the light. 

1.aIPTRG 

Th Trilon T,mes IS recogn ized by Ihe Communicalions Board 01 UCSO as Ihe official 
sludenl newspaper Publication Is on Mondays . Wednesdays and FrJdays durong Ihe 
regular school year te_copl on olliel I holidays} Edllollal and I)osiness offICes re 
located ,n t t7 Btake Hall on lhe Revelle College campus , Unl.ersily ot California, San 
Diego 

lett rs 10 lhe Ediior and opinion columns aro welcomed All submiSSions should be 
lyped on 74 space line on nonera ble paper. They should nol exceed Ihree page. In 
leo Ih dOub .' paced The Trolon Times re MIS lhe rlghlto ed,t submiSSions because 
0180 ce I,mn lions or Style reQUllemonls 

rnr Mllor.:.1 C II 452·3466. lOr busln ss nd dl playadverllsern IS, call .52·3468. 
Enl" ~ont''''IHopyroghI1976 . T"lon Tim 

- 1 

4 . 

JI 

[ 
f 

I 
I 
.. 

.1 

.Monday, April ZI, 1976 

Politics: James G. Soto 

California Dreaminq 
Too much attention has been given to national politics. Too long have 

the networks and the major periodicals reported the gangster-like ac-
tivities of the various hacks that shamelessly seek the highest office in the 
land. Walter Cronkite and Barbara Walters- who recently nabbed an 
ABC contract to rival that of Andy Messersmith-should be warned. 
Enough of the mediocre national scene and its orgy of political hackery. 

More than Hollywood exists in California. In fact, more of everything 
exists here, yet we are constantly barraged by the inanities of the 
decaying east coast and its putrifying megalopolis, the Big Apple. As part 
of the grand tradition, politics here is rarely prostituted as it is back east 
(though there are notable exceptions), where it has become a monumeJlt 
commemorating the zenith of national tomfoolery. 

While such noted windbags as Henry Jackson, George Wallace and 
Gerald Ford continue to poison the air with their noxious speeches, 
California politicos are diligently and intelligently discussing the issues 
of the day. Gov. Brown, of course, is the high priest of this monwnental 
tradition, that has been part of California as long as Hiram Johnson has 
been associated with the history of the Golden State. 

Our legislature has long been a repository of talented solons, in stark 
contrast to the legislatures that hound the sorry 49 states that have the 
misfortune of not being California. 

Ward-Heelers 
Whether they are Democrats or Republicans, our legislators have been 

an efficient and noteworthy group. Such diverse leaders as Willie Brown, 
Leo McCarthy and H.R. " Bill" Richardson provide a welcome alter-
native to the corrupt ward-heelers of Illinois or the notorious pork 
barrellers of New York (who have gained instant notoriety for the billion-
dollar Albany Mall). 

Our executive officers are also of generally high caliber. With the 
exception of Ken Cory, who has been involved in some controversial 
decisions as state controller, the virtue of most statewide officers is 
above question. Mervyn Dymally has been more than impressive as 
lieutenant governor, while March Fong Eu has continued to make the 
secretary of state's office a center for real change. Atty. Gen. Evelle 
Younger has been a popular and effective leader of California justice, and 
won a second term in 1974 as the only Republican to hold a state office in 
that very Democratic year. 

This galaxy of talent is often forgotten because leaders in other states 
raise such a stench that the public can only focus attention on one 
thing- to get the rascals out. Maryland, the land of Agnew and corrupt 
state and municipal politiCS, has a bipartisan tradition of graft and other 
illegalities. 

West Virginia is currently the scene of a trial which alleges certain 
corruptions by its governor, Arch Moore. Other states make no preten-
sions about their politics. There are no such facades as trials or In-
vestigations-simply a free-for-all at the public trough. 

California has a fine congressional delegation from both sides of the 
aisle. Such Democrats as the Burton Brothers in San Francisco and John 
McFall provide a key source of leadership in the Democratic side of the 
House. Barry Goldwater, Jr., John Rousselout and Alphonso Bell have 
long been respected as hard-working and serious Republican House 
members. 

Laudatory Comments 
California is represented by the ever-popular Alan Cranston, 

California's grand old man of the Democratic party who was the over-
whelming choice of Californians in 1974 despite the courageous attempt of 
State Sen. Richardson to unseat him. California's Junior Senator, John V. 
Tunney, has not been quite as popular but in the past year or so he has 
been as hardworking and diligent as any solon (despite my personal 
dislike for many of his votes). His recent penning of a book on American 
cnergy has been widely touted and his reelection effort must be seen as a 
more hopeful effort now than it was two years ago. 

The cynics must now be asking, " Why the glOrification of California 
and why the laudatory comments?" 

The answer is quite clear. 
Despite my personal disagreement with many of these Golden State 

politicos, they are in a different league from the rest, and your hats 
should be doffed. But more importantly, California will hold its own 
primary in June and there a whole series of contests that warrant our 
attention. There are , of course, the various propositions, where 
Californians can take the law into their own hands. But there is also the 
US Senate race where Tunney is facing a host of candidates in his own 
primary, including activist Tom Hayden (a race he should have few 
problems in winning) . The Republicans have a four cornered race bet-
ween the popular and capable Messers. Robert Finch, John Harmer, S.1. 
Hayakawa and Alphonso Bell. 

This particular race has not received its fair share of media coverage 
but it is a closely contested and important one. The winner should prove 
to be an extremely a ble opponent to incwnbent Tunney. 

So if the boredom of national politics has become too stifling; enjoy the 
unique and exciting brand of California politics. 

TT Reporter Ejected From 
Protest Meeting 

by Ken Stlpanov 
Staff Writer 

A Triton Times reporter was 
ejected Friday from a protest 
meeting against the current status 
of student center space allocation. 

The spokesperson for the group 
offered . no elq)lanation for the 
action. He said reasons were 
" being discussed." 

It was apparent, though, that 
those in attendance objected to the 

In a letter to the editor (TT, April 
23) , we incorrectly stated that the 
Existence of God lecture would be 
held on Friday, April 23. The 
correct date should have been 
Friday, April 30 at 8 pm. The 
Triton Times regrets this rror. 

presence of the reporter rather 
than the presence of a represen-
tative from the Triton Times. The 
newspaper had been invited to 
send a representative. 

The meeting was called to 
protest-and chart a plan of action 
against-Vice-chancellor and Dean 
of Student Affairs George Mur-
phy's rejection of the Student 
Cooperative's space allocations in 
the student center. 

Groups represented at the 
meeting included MEChA, the 
Women's Center. the Coop 
propaganda action nter, VOl 
Fronte.a, the New IDdlcator, 
GSU, Friends of AFSCME the 
FeminlsL Coalition, YSA, IWW and 
th Labor ollective. 

Page3 

Muir Repgrter 

Exchange Program With Dartmouth To Be Expanded 
by Vera M.I. Todorov 

Staff Writer 
Muir College is expanding its 

exchange program with Dart-
mouth to include the fall quarter, 
in addition to winter and spring, 
during the 1976-77 school year. 

The exchange was developed by 
Muir Provost John Stewart-now 
on sabbatical-and Dartmouth 
Provost Leonard Rieser, who 
believed that students who have 
participated in the exchange gain 
perspectives on their own colleges' 
strengths and weaknesses. 

Any uc San Diego student who is 
interested in the program may 
apply, although priority is given to 
Muir students. 

Preference is given to students 
w~ have a UC grade point 

average (GPA) of 3.0 or higher, 
although applications from 
students with a 2.5 to 3.0 GPA are 
considered. 

Students who will have com-
pleted at least 60 quarter units by 
the time they would enroll at 
Dartmouth may apply. Seniors are 
eligible if they will return to UCSD 
for at least one quarter after their 
quarter at Dartmouth. 

Preference is also given to al>-
plicants who have Verbal and Math 
SA T scores within the Dartmouth 
range of scores (500-800) 

The Dartmouth College-Muir 
College Exchange Program has 
been very popular with students in 
the past despite the high cost of the 
program, which will be even 
higher next year. 

There is a possibility that in the 
future financial aid will be 
available for exchange students . 

Spa es Available 
The deadline for applications for 

fall quarter is April 30. Qualified 
students will be interviewed by a 
eommittee during the last part of 
the quarter. Stuuents should file 
their applications at the Muir 
provost's office. 

The number of spaces available 
is regulated by Dartmouth from 
quarter to quarter. Next year, 
approximately 10 spaces will be 
available for fall quarter, eight for 
winter and 25 for spring. 

A UCSD student will be per-
mitted to take any course offered 
at Dartmouth for which he has 
satisfied the prerequisites. Courses 
are not required to parallel UCSD 
offerings. 

The regular course load at 
Dartmouth is three five-unit 
courses per quarter. 

"21 st Century Executive Committee" 
Formed To Help Directionless Students 

by Mike Scarano 
Staff Writer 

It's a panicky, desolute feeling. 
April of your senior year is the 

" last hour," so to speak, especially 
if graduate school is unappealing. 
You're full of directionless am-
bition. 

Where do you begin your 
" career" this summer, after you 
graduate? As a last resort your 
father's friend owns a steak house, 
but geez .. . 

The "senior-year last hour 

Raimow Bar •.• 
show's self-proclaimed label of 
"controversial. " 

For instance, in answer to a 
comment about the charge that 
most local broadcasters look 
alike (this is known in some 
circles as the " Ken and Barbie" 
look ), Wilde agreed. " If Gene 
Shalit (an NBC broadcaster) 
walked into a station on this city I 
don't think he'd get a job," she 
said, " even though he's in-
teresting to look at and listen to." 

The two broadcasters were also 
asked about ratings. They both 
responded that the ratings are 
very important because, Wilde 
said, they " determine in some 
respects whether or not you keep 
your job." 

The competition factor is also 
present. " We do what we are 
doing because of the ratings," 
Clark said. " We want to ~ 
num ber one. " 

A member of the sparse 
audience asked, " What do you 
think the role of women (in 
broadcasting) will be in the 
future? " 

Clark immediately replied, 
"The same as men." Wilde was 
more philosophical, saying she 

UtIer' ••• 
tinued Muir parking lot con-
struction (recall last summer's 
$130,000 remodelJing)? 

While we are on the subject of 
development, why have you not 
given us any in depth coverage of 
the plans the Board of Overseers 
has drawn up for the choice 
University property west of N. 
Torrey Pines Rd.? Do these plans 
renect student needs, or do they 
favor the anonymous business 
figures on the Board of Over rs 
(and their cronies within the UCSD 
administrl\tion)? e.g. The last 
public report was that the tables 
area would b leased to rtain 
private businesses for $93,000 p r 
yca r, in spit of Its estimated worth 
of over 51,500,000. 

Th question arise as to why 
stud nt organizations should hav 
to fight ov r limit d spa in our 
s ailed Student nl('r if a killing 
is about to be mad of[ o( U • real 

blues," in the opinion of the four 
founders of UC San Diego's 
fledging "21st Century Executive 
Committee," is far too common, 
particularly on a campus without 
career-oriented curriculum like 
UCSD. 

Third College students Kenzo 
Melvin, James Neely, Lehman 
Brocke and R.E. Patrick are 
organizing a club specifically 
designed to provide students with 
career-oriented experience, in-
formation and connections to help 

recogmzed that she came into the 
broadcast business at the " right 
time," when television stations 
were hiring many women to meet 
affirmative action standards. 

There's No Objectivity 
Clark had an interesting 

comment on objectivity. 
"There's no such thing as ob-
jectivity ... All anyone can do is be 
fair and try to recognize their 
own biases and balance them, " 
she said. 

The news perso ns had 
humorous experiences to relate, 
also. Every time she has to do a 
Blacks Beach slory, Wilde said, 
she faces a dilemma: " What can 
I show?" She said her news 
director tells her, " Well, go 
ahead. You can show shoulder 
blades." 

Clark responded, " We're more 
liberal. We can show fanmes." 

"Oh? We can't," Wilde said. 
After the show, Blum said he 

was disappointed with the tudio 
audience, which peaked at 15 
persons, but offered an ex-
planation. " If you had a choice 

. between listening to this in your 
room, or walking to the student 
center ..... 

estate? In any event, does a paper 
like the Triton Times really 
deserve the lion's share of space in 
the new Student Center? 

These questions are, of course, 
largely rhetorica l. One does not 
realistically expect a paper with 
self-perpetuating staff so closely 
tied to the UaiD administration to 
reform itself. After all, if you could 
not do asy interviews with our 
many petty campus bureaucrats to 
fill in your dearth of real news (due 
partly to the widespread boycott of 
the Triton Times) you wouldn't 
have much left to publish, (oth r 
than your regula r "cheap hots" 
and dreary politi al analy es). 

It i our sincer hop that the 
CilmPUS mmunit will cae to 

r dit the Triton Times as a 
legitimate campus n w media. 

STUDENT 'OMMlTI'EE 
AGAr T LlTI R 

qualify them for administrative 
positions. 

The ultimate goal of the club is 
they say to make its members 
more diversified and employable. 

Prominent Figures 
The founders and their faculty 

advisor, physical education coach 
Bob Moss, hope to involve com-
munity and industrial leaders in 
the club by sponsoring banquets, 
seminars and festivals where 
prominent figures can provide 
UCSD students with information 
about the executive world. 

Although the emphasis of these 
programs will be to provide in-
creased Ilpportunit\es for 
minorities and women, t5e foun-
ders stress that they invite the 
partiCipation of all interested 
students. 

The committee is now organizing 
its first banquet , tentatively 
scheduled for June 6 at the 
International Hotel in San Diego. 
The committee has at least four 
prominent black speakers lined 
up : Paula Casey, an actress anu 
dancer; Dr. Clarence Muse, 87-
year-old former dean of black 
actors at Universal Studios; Doug 
Wilk erson of the San Diego 
Chargers, who helps provide 
minorities with administrative 
jobs during th off-season; and 
Bernie Casey, an artist, poet and 
former professional football 
player. 

In the long range, the club hopes 
to establish an on-the-job training 
program where students can work 
with executives, and to provide a 
JTIodel program for other cam-
puses. 

Sections ... 
Friday- are av_aiJable in the 
respective deans ' offices. Revelle's 
election is set for March 3-7, Muir's 
May 5-7 and Third 's sometime 
after May 10. 

Alan Kremen, a member of the 
tudent consumer action 

organization, f els turnout for the 
college elections will increase over 
recent years because the CalPIRG 
election is bein conducted at the 
ame time. The same CaIPlRG 

ballot will be used at all four 
colleges. 

Th exact dates of the Third 
clection and the Fourth CalPlRG 
ba\lotir.g will be announced later. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Alfent io" groduoling Re velle 
seniors: If y->u have nol campleled 
a graduation qu shonOire. pi ase 
dr h , thf!l 0 - t ~:"~ .;.t rr:",e 
to vat for 0 studenl speaker for the 
commencem nt speaker and for 
outslanding professors. Be sure :0 
val by May 1 so Ihal your chOices 
can b cansld r d 

Hungry? The M Uir snack Sor 1$ op n 
v ntngs from 9· 12 midnight wtlh a 

campi I Itn of goodl 5 7 days 0 
w 



·1 

t-_-:-Beginning w't next week's WHA T'S ON, the deadline for all material will ________ --:-______________________ --j 
~be noon Thursddy at the student center information desk. Please do not bring ---------------------------------1 
~announcements to the Trit~n Times office -- it '/I just gum up the works. __________________ ---,,.--______________ ---j 

.monday 
11 am - Carnival. Spring Carnival, a four hour festival of fun, games, prizes and en-
tertainment featuring cultural dance pre::;entations of members of both campuS and San 
Diego community, also noon-concert featuring " True Devotion," around the hump 
between the Gym and Student Center. . . 

12 noon - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student 
Center. 

12:30 pm - Speaker. LP Candidate for the U.S. Senate, "Lynn Kinsky, will speak on 
Libertarian Policies, Revelle. 

3 pm - Meeting. Chancellor's Advisory Committee on the Physically Limited, Disabled 
Student Center. 

3 pm - Consulting. Computer Literacy-Walk-in Consulting, learn to use computers, 1839 
APM. 

4 pm - Study. Bible Study, Mark's Gospel w/Fr. Kevin Munn, Office of Religious 
Affairs, 507 MC. 

4 pm - Meeting. General Meeting, UCSD students for Tom Hayden, anyone qualified to 
register voters in San Diego is invited to come, Game Room Conference Room Student 
Center. 

5 pm - Clinic. UCSD Birth Control Clinic, Student Health Center. 
5 pm - Meeting. Lesbian Caucus Meeting, meeting to discuss lesbian lifestyles, 

workshops, and an evening of lesbian films, all women welcome, Women's Center, Room 
C of the Student Center. 

6 :30 pm - Meeting. Student Co-Op Meeting, North Conference Room Student Center. 
7 pm - Meeting. Christian Science Organization, Blake Conference Room. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. Advanced Meeting for all Transcendental Meditators, Revelle 

Formal Lounge. 
8 pm - Dance. Israeli Folk Dancing, 8-9 Beginning and intermediate dances taught, 9-

10:30_Dances by Request, Recreation Gym Conference Room. 
8'pm - Mecting. Fourth College Program Board, Fourth College Rec. Center. 
8 pm - Recital. Chamber Recital with UCSD Musicians Recital Hall. 
9:00 pm - Film sponsored by the Monday Nite Films, W.C. Fields in " My Little 

Chickadee." 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. FREE. 

tuesday 
9 am - Birth Control. UCSD Birth Control Clinic , Student Health Center, informaUon 

and appointments only, call x2669. 
9 - 10 am - Education Program. University of San Diego Development Specialist 

Program drop-in group meeting for students interested in supplementing their BA with a 
specialized skill. Individual appointments (conducted afterward) can be made at Career 
Planning & Placement, Student Center Complex Building B. 

12 noon - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student 
Center. 

12 noon - Concert. Noon Concert featuring "Grace," Revelle Plaza. 
1 pm - Meeting. Community Center Volunteer Meeting, Revelle Community Center. 
1 - 2 pm - Education Program. University of San Diego Lawyer's Assistant Program 

drop-in group meeting. The prog ram offers a 12-week graduate-level training program 
for BA holders. Individual appointments (conducted afterward) can be made at Career 
Planning & Placement, Student Center Complex Building B. 

6 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Outing Club, Fourth College Rec. Center. 
7 pm - Meeting. General Meeting and Rap Group, Gay Student Assoc., Revelle 

Informal Lounge. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. Alpha Omega Alliance, come and learn the Cosmic Clock and Raja 

Yoga , 3515 P&L. 
8 pm - Dance. Balkan Folk Dance Club, $.25, R\.c reation Gym Conference Room. 
8 pm - Concert. Music for Clarinet and Friend with Philip Rehfelt clarinet and Barney 

Childs piano, Recital Hall. 

,vednesday 
10 am - Free Make-up Demonstration (Bonne-Belle), University Bookstore. 

12 noon - Meeting of all interested Muir Graduating Seniors to plan the June Ceremony. 
Room 2346 HS&S. 

I - 2 pm - Series "Careers in the Health Sciences" Informal opportunity to meet and 
question a recently graduated working Dietician. Multi-purpose Room' - Student Center 
Complex , HUlld.ll1g B. 

1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
2 pm - Film. " asa Airborne Lab and the Bomex Experiment," 7104 Urey Hall. 
R:~!~I~~o~;I~~~:SS~~i~!~niC for students desiring information about sexual concerns, 

3 pm - Meeting. Planning for " Awareness Week" to promote an awareness of the 
problems of the disat-Ied, anyone interested in participating is invited , Disabled Student 
Center. 

3 pm - Group. MO\.ement and Relaxation Group, explore feelings, have fun through 
movement and reiaxi tipn, everyone welcome, North Conference Room. 

3 - 5 pm. Developillg Career Choices Workshop will help participants articulate and 
profile their abilitie~, and systematically evaluate career fields (n=35,OOO) for those 
closely meeting thei r personal needs. First of two meetings. Sign-ups necessary at 
Career Planning & Placement, Shlnpnt.Center Complex Building B. 

4 pm - Lecture. " T :!e Dialectics of Black and WhIte (;uILw~" with Robert Chrisman 
Publisher of Black Scholar and President of The Black World Foundation, Third Colleg~ 
Lounge. 

4 pm - Meeting. Fe inist Coalition, general meeting, open to everyone, Women 's 
Center, Room C in the Student Center. 

5 pm - Clinic. UCSD Birth Control Clinic, Student Health Center. 
6 :30 pm - Meeting. American Sign Language Class, Disabled Student Center. 
7:30 pm - Film. Film Study Group " Bob, Carol, Ted and Alice" $1.00 HSS 2250. 
7:15 pm - Group. Discussion Group, " Practical Christian Theology" w/Fr. Kevin 

Munn, Office of Religious Affairs 507 MC. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. Trident Christian Fellowship, Revelle Formal Lounge. 
8 pm - Concert. "Carrie and T.J ." and " Jamie Stewart," sponsored by the Gay Student 

Assoc., tudent Center Lounge. 

thursday 
9 am - Birth Control. UCSD Birth Control Clinic, information and appointments only, 

Student Health Center. 
11 am - Group. Consciousness Raising Group , Women's Center Room C of the Student 

Center. 
12 noon - Concert. Noon Concert featuring the UCSD Jazz Ensemble and Gospel Choir, 

Fourth College Cafeteria. 
1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
1:30 pm- Seminar. Alaska Series Seminar, 407 Room 17 MC. 
3:00 pm - Meet your Muir Provost. Muir Provost Office. Munchies as usual. 
3: 30 - 5 :30 pm - Focusing on Specific Careers Workshop will provide participants 

methods and practice in gathering and evaluating information from the literature and 
people working in options of their choice. First of two meetings. Sign-ups necessary at 
Career Planning & Placement, Student Center Complex Building B. 

4: 30 pm - Meeting. Yoga Club, beginners welcome, Adaptive Room Gym. 
7:30 pm - Fireside. Baha'i Fireside, " The new world order has begun. You can be a 

part of it. Come to the Baha'i Fireside to discover how," for more information call Julie 
453-9695 New Mesa Apts. 9204 K. 

friday 
12 noon - Concert. "True Devotion" Recreation Gym Steps. 
12:05 pm - Lecture. "Reef Coral Mutalistic Symbioses : Productive Adaptations to a 

Nutrient-Poor Environment," Professor Leonard Muscatine, Department of Biology, 
UCLA, 307 Vaughan Hall, Scripps. 

1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
1 pm - Meeting. Revelle Residence Halls Board, Blake Conference Room. 
2 pm - Meeting. Revelle Program Board Meeting, Revelle Provost's Office. 
2 pm - Meeting. Planning sessions concerning the West Coast Confederation of 

Philipino Students, A.A.S.A. Office. 
2 - 3 pm - Fundamentals of Resume Writing Workshop is a how-to-do-it workshop, also 

discussing resumes in the context of the total job hunting process. Sign-ups requested. 
Career Planning & Placement, Student Center Complex Building B, second floor. 

3 - 4 pm - Resume Critique Workshop will help you learn how to critique a resume, and 
you'll have your own evaluated using general prinCiples. Sign-ups requested. Career 
Planning & Placement, Student Center Complex Building B, second floor. 

7 pm - Meeting. Campus Crusade for Christ, Winzer Hall School of Medicine. 
7 pm - Meeting. International Folk Dancing, 7-8 Special Beginner's Class, 8-9 Teaching 

of intermediate Dances, 9-12 Dances by Request, Recreation Gym Conference Room. 
7:30 pm - Film. " Brothers and Sisters in Concert," an episode of "The Prisoner" will 

be shown at 6:30 pm, program repeats at 10 pm, USB 2722. 
On Friday at 7:30 pm the UC San Diego International Club will hold its annual Elec-

tions For Club Officers for the 1976-77 Academic Year. Nominations are currently being 
accepted for the offices of President, Vice-President, Secretary, Treasurer and Com-
mittee Chairpersons. Nominations will also be accepted from the floor on the evening of 
the Elections. The Elections will be held at the International Center and are open only to 
card-carrying members of the International Club. Please call the International Center 
Office at 452-3731 for the placement of nominations and further information. Also note 
that Club Constitution will be available for examination in Office. 

S pm - Debate. " God at UCSD?" Dr. Jonathan Seville and Dr. Norman Geisler will 
present contrasting arguments on the topic "The Existence of God," After their 
presentations, rebuttals will be given by each speaker, followed with questions from the 
audience, Revelle Caveteria. 

8 pm - Concert. UCSD Gospel Choir and Gospel Soul Enterprise, Featuring Jackson 
and Company, Betty Perkins, Admission charge, Mandeville Aud. 

9 pm - Disco. " Ubiquity" UCSD's new disco, $.25 dance and party, Revelle Side Door. 
9 pm - Dance sponsored by Third College and Muir College in the Muir Cafeteria . 

Dance to the music of New Joy. UCSD Student J.D. required. 

s a t urday 
" Improving Your Memory-A Course for Everyone," with Arthur Bornstein, president 

of his own Los Angeles school of memory training. Use of systems of association for 
rapid recall without strain. Sat 9 a.m. - 4 p.m. Rm. 2250, Humanities and Social Sciences 
Bldg., Muir Campus, UC San Diego. Fee: $20. 

" Freeing the Voice," a one-day UC San Diego Extension workshop. Practice in 
methods designed to reduce tensions and produce effortless vocal power. Wear com-
fo.rtable clothing. Sat. 9 a .m. - 4:30 p.m. Drama Dept., 409 Matthews Campus, UC San 
DIC~o. Fee $29. 

" San Diego: From Mission to Metropolis-The Growth of Our Cultural Center: Balboa 
Park," a one-day program on San Diego history. Lecture, and walking tour of museums, 
galleries, the House of Pacific Relations, the Botanical Gardens. Sat. 9 a.m. - 4: 30 p.m. 
House of Hospitality, Balboa Park, San Diego. Fee: $20, inc. lunch. 

"The Art of Modern Dance," a one-day program led by profeSSional dan-
cer/choreographer Betzi Roe . Discussions, films and live performance. Offered by UC 
San Diego Extension . Picnic lunch recommended. Sat. 10 a.m. - 3:30 p.m. Sumner 
Auditorium, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, UC San Diego. Fee: $12. 

6:30 pm - Meeting. Bowling, sweeper·3 games will determine average, all information 
available at meeting, Clairmont Bowl 3093 Clairmont Driv«: or call Ellen, 276-2240. 

7 pm - Music. An Evening of Traditional and Original Folk Music, $1.50, Bob Moor-
man's Karate Academy, 230 Birmingham, Cardiff. 

7:30 pm - Film. "Spider Stratagem," an episocle of "The Prisoner" will be shown at 
6:30 pm; program repeats at 10 pm, USB 2722. . 

7 pm - Music. An Evening of Traditional and Original Folk Music, $1.50, Bob Moor-
man's Karate Academy, 2.10 Birmingham, Cardiff. . 

s unday 
10 am - Worship. Luth ran Liturgy, University-Community Church. 
12 noon - Worship. Episcopal Eucharist, University-Community Church. 
5 pm - Mass. Catholic Mass, Univ rsity-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shor s Dr. 
7 pm - Duplicat Bridge, Revell North Dining Hall. 
) 1 :30 pm - Mass. atholic Mass, University- ommunity Church. 

. ) 

r 

f 
I 
I 

Monday, April 21,1911 

Trower Pleases Sports Arena 
Audience And Enjoys Himself 

by Alex Bennett 
Staff Writer 

Robin Trower does not cut a very impressive figure among today's pre-
eminent rock guitarists. His playing is often dismissed as unexceptional, 
and his tiny, geeky physique makes him a less-than-striking presence on 
stage. 

But this very lack of flashiness is Trower's strength. Without any 
pretentious gimmickry, he took control of music and audience at the 
Sports Arena Friday night for a concert of exciting rock music. 

The format of the concert was straightforward, with no special effects 
of any sort. The lights were used sparingly, serving only to illuminate the 
stage. The band did not indulge in theatrics of mannerisms. 

The band entered without fanfare . There was Bill Lordan on drums, 
James Dewar on bass and vocals, and Trower, who walked on stage with 
a big grin, picked up his Stratocaster and began playing " Day of the 
Eagle." His fingers moved easily over the opening riffs into the song, his 
head bobbing like a bird's to the rhythm. 

Trower had the crowd with him from the start. He took obvious, honest 
pleasure from the audience 's enjoyment of his music . It was refreshing to 
see a star guitarist who wasn't playing games with his audience. 

Trower's rich playing dominated the music, the other two musicians 
providing only minimal backing. Even wh n he is playing I'hythm, 
Trower does not fall into simple chords, but instead uses complicated 
riffs that take a very sensitive touch. When it is time for a solo, Trower 
steps to the front of the stage and stands there straight and unmoving, 
except for his facial gestures, which respond to his fluent leads. 

Trower's blues-rock style shows a heavy Jimi Hendrix influence. 
Trower is often criticized on this point. But although he owes a lot to 
Hendrix , his playing has an artistry of its own. His notes are always 
selected carefully and economically, and each is given full expression. In 
a solo, he will build up a line, climax it with a set of long notes held and 
bent just right, then drop into another line of great speed and unusually 
slippery rhythm. Technically, the playing is not extremely di(ficult, but 
Trower's control is exceptional. 

It is one of Trower's major assets as a performer that he is always 
responsive to what will'keep the audience rocking out. He does not let the 
musical excitement lag with long, involved solos or fits of showmanship. 
Economical solos are imbedded in the midst of songs; and the songs he 
plays are all selected to keep the concert moving. 

A Memorial To The Holocaust--------
~ 

CEREMONY ON YOM HASHOAH. P L 
TUESDA Y. APRIL 27. 1976 IN A 
FRONT OF THE STUDENT CENTER N 

AT 1:50 pm TING 
Plant a Tree, and remember the past 

1 nea.'llIrJlltlaw school with two 
• coordinate campuses 

to serve you. 

3 WIllIe,..... "'111IIa PIlley; applicants with 
• 60 acceptable college 

units will be screened for 
academic background, extra 
curricular activities, 
employment experience, 
maturity and - most 
important - motivation. 

2. Filly Accr"'1111 by the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State , 
of California. 

4 F_ 8m.1II1 0tII ... : • FUll TIME STUDENTS 
• graduate in 2'12 or 3.Y1's.; 

• PAIl TIME STUDEm 
graduate in 3'12 or 4 yrs. 

Graduate with a juris doctor (J .D.) degree and quality for 
the California Bar Examination. 
Classes offered days, nights 
and weekends. 

IUD 01 CAlL FOIl CATAl08UE 
01 " -API'lICATIO. CGaULTATIOI. 

. .I .U. SAII.H, DEPT. C9 
1333 Frtltllnlt 
.. ... C. . • l01 
.......'71.'m-IMI Coord nate Clmpus in 
Oranoe County, california 

Page 5 

Records 

McCartney Sub-Sonic While Aussie 
Newton-John Whacks at CW 

by Tim Mackenzie 
Criticism Editor 

Wings at the Speed of Sound 
represents Paul McCartney 's 
latest quest to take a back seat to 
his band Wings. 
Wings at the Speed of ound 
Wings - Capitol Records 

McCartney's attempt at low-
profile forces the other band 
members to bear more respon-
sibility. The burden, though, ap-
pears to be more than they can 

country-western and pop scenes. 
orne On Over is representative of 

that effort. 

Of the country selections Dolly 
Parton's " Jolene" is probably the 
best. Other Nashville-tinged cuts 
in lude " Blue Eyes Crying In the 
Rain" and "Wrap Me In Your 
Arms." Though Newton-John is not 
especially effective as a CW-
vocalist, it is still interesting to 
hear an Aus tralian singing 
material from Tennessee. 

Olivia Newton-john 
handle. The r esult is a disap-
pointing album lacking in some 
crucial areas. 

McCartney 's superior vocals are 
in s harp contrast with the largely 
ineffectual vocals of the other 
Wings. Perhaps the ex-Beatie 
should consider doing all of the 
lead vocal work on his future 
albums. 

A major weakness of the S.O.S. is 
the choice of material. Too many of 
the cuts are trite and overly sen-
timental ("Silly Love Songs," 
" Warm and Beautiful," " She's My 
Bab}"' ). A grammar school choir 
might enjoy singing along to them , 
but that's about it. " The Note You 
Never Wrote" is listie sand 
depressing, thanks in part to 
Denny Laine's vocal ability. Linda 
McCartney jumps into the vocal 
spotlight with "Cook of the House" 
(tell us a bout it, Linda) and does 
succeed in embarrassing herself. 

Wings guitarists Denny Laine 
and Jimmy McCulloch were each 
allowed a composition on the 
album. Their efforts, " Time to 
Hide" and " Wino Junko " 
respectively , are no better than . 
average. 

The one selection that almost 
makes S.O.S. worth the purchase 
price is " Beware My Love." It is 
undeniably one of the better 
rockers that McCartney has ever 
composed, continuing a trend that 
began with " Hi Hi Hi" and 
" Juniors Farm." 

Despite McCartney 's unflagging 
persistence, it is still difficult to 
accept Wings as anythin~ more 
than just his sidemen. The thought 
of Wingsmania just doesn't wash. 
Com e On Over - Olivia 
Newton-John - MCA Records 

Olivia Newton-John is trying 
ver,y hard to be popular on both the 

The album's best selection is the 
title track "Come On Over," a 
catchy AM cut written by Bee Gees 
Barry and Robin Gibb. The 
album's other fine number is 
" Pony Ride," a showcase for 

lewton-John's very touching 
vocals. 

Come On Over is replete with 
ewton-John 's version of 

·'Grccnsleeves." She does manage 
to sing it well, but it st ill ruins the 
tempo of the album. 

The Beatie' " The Long and 
Winding Road" is also induded, 
but only appears to be filler. 

Come On Over is standard 
Newton-John MOR fare. Though 
people may argue over her merits 
as a singer, she is still more 
ta lented than Barbie Benton. 
Presence - Led.Zl'ppelin 

wan Song Records 
Presence may be remembered 

as a disappointing Led Zeppelen 
release. 

Zeppelin 's newest LP lacks a 
distinguishing flavor. It is not as 
musical as Houses of the Holy nor 
as powerful as Physical Graffitti. 
It lacks a rocker in the " Whole 
Lotta Love" tradition and has 
nothing nearly as melodic as 
" Stairway to Heaven." 

Jimmy Page's guitar work, 
though consistent, is not spec-
tacular. His most assertive effort 
is to be found in " Achilles Last 
Stand," the album's opening 
selection . 

Robert Plant can still whine 
better than anyone else in the 
business. He is even quite good at 
stuttering and mumbling, as 
evidence by 'Nobodys Fault But 
Mine" and "Candy Store Rock." 
However, if Plant's voice continues 
to deteriorate at its present pace he 
may need to borrow P e ter 

PSAtells 
UC San DIego to 
bUzzoff 0. , 

.,j ,s" c; 
..." , ,-0 

, .. 

29 tAllIeS 
a day. ,'" Haded for northern ...' . California (or L A . Burbank Long Beach 

,.' Ontarro)? Call your campus rep or PSA and 
• - - - - - - - - - tell th m you want to buzz off PSA gives you a htt 

Frampton's talkbox for the next 
album. 
Fish Out or Water - Cbris Squire 
Atlantic Records 

With Fish Out Of Water, Yes-
man Chris Squire has a deceptively 
fine album, successfully fusing 
clements of both jazz and rock . 
This is Squire's first solo album 
a nd the results should be very 

ncouraging to him. 
Fish Out Of Water is more than 

just standard Yes fare, despite the 
presence of some Yes personnel on 
the album . It is much more jazz-
oriented than the music of Yes. but 
not quite as intricate. The best cuts 
on the LP are probably " Lucky 
Seven" and "Silently Falling." It 
app ar evident that Squire enjoys 
writing lengthy musical pieces as a 
forum for his jazz-rock (several of 
the tracks are well over 10 minutes 
long). Though the musIc IS good, It 
suffers from occasional fits of 
medium. 

The album's merits rest entirely 
upon Squire's shoulders. ot only 
was Fish Out Of Water written, 
arranged and produced by Squire. 
but he also carries the brunt of the 
instrumental chores. Quite 
predictably hi bas work garners 
the spotlight, though he also tries 
his hand at the 12-string electric 
guita r. Surprisingly effective is 
Sq uire 's vocal ability, long over-
shadowed by Jon Anderson's on 
Yes. Though his voice is not quite 

Paul M c Cartney 
in the same league as Anderson's, 
it does po e a urprising range. 
Fish Out Of Water offers evidence 
that Squire is more than just a 
hassist. He is a multi-talented 
a l·.1 t with a trong foundation for 
a solo career . 

"Disco Dance ~ 1" 
~..:!!r 

0... "P" lOO 

~_Sl50 
"-. .. 
......... ..... .............. ............... 

RESEARCH 
FREE C~ TALOG! 

Write or call lor lour copy of our 
la lesl ca la log 01 over 5.000 re-
s rch studIes Thp .nt ... ~ 
deSIgned 10 HELP YOU IN THE 
PREPARATION of 

• Research Paper 
• Essays • Cas Srudles 
• SpeeCh s • Book ReVIews 
WE ALSO DO CUSTOM WR ITING 

MINUTE RESEARCH 
1360 Sandburg.' 602 
cn'cago 111,00'$ 1 G 

3'2-337· 2704 



" 

Pagel MOllday, April 26, 1971 
OJ 

T iYON TiMES CLAssiFiEd Ads 
Ellrope-Israel-South Am.1nca-Student fhQhts 
y"ar round ISCA 1 t 687 :;an VIC!'nIP Blvd ~4 
LA CA 90049 1213) 826-5669. 16/4) 

EUROPE & TAHITt CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD tN-
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
'2-4pm. 452-0630. (6/3) 
Don 't Delay Book by Phone New Flights h 
Europe (379+) South America (315+) t~,e 
On nt (499+) New York (189) HawaII (189) 
Long olw flights stili available immediate 
phone confirmations call collect WestCoast 
Student Travel Counsel AVCO Center 10850 
Wilshire LA 90024 213475-6865 . (6/4) 

fOR SALE 
68 Merc. Cougar XR7 , 302, auto, air, kept in 
excellent cond , best offer 755-1320. (4/26) 

Olson stereo rec I play deck counter pause 
540 755-8478. (4 /26) 

For sale stereo turn table, speake<s receiver , 
5200 ph 453--9046. (4 /26) 

t966 Ford convertable , to highest bidder call 
452-2452 or 454-6987 Ask for Salts (4'/28) 

Plexiglass tOO gal aquarium. Aqua-master 
"lte<, Silent giant. Bala sharks. Scats. etc. 
Best offer 481 -8565. (4 /26 ) 
Craig 8 Track home stereo and tank pac 8. 
boot call Rich at 452-0410 . (4 /26) 

Stereo : Harmon-Kardon 330A Tuner 2 t 5 in 3-
way spkrs $t 75 .00 /offer . Paul 755-3805 after 
8 p.m . (4/27) 

1975 Honda CB 360 2900 mi . Like new S875 or 
best. Norton motorcycle workbook , new $25 . 
asking 515. 1968 VW Pop-top camper w Ijust 
rblt Corvair engine, more power to It. 
LeaVing country , must sell eve<ythlng. Make 
offers Call 755-3682 after sunset. (4 /24) 

Wet suit O'Neil Anlmat skin Size-Large. 8 
months old . Ask for Grant 452-0025 . (4/26) 

Ski boots - Ra ichle - Size 9525. Ask for Grant 
452-8625 (4/26) 

I 8 Volkswag!'n bug . Runs good saoo 
contact Bill 755-0482 evenings. (4/26) 

WANTEd 
Sublects needed for phonetic expenment. 
For details, call or see Sue, P8.L 3126, ext. 
2537 . (6/ 4 ) 

Sublects needed for psych exper. Must be 21-
40 yrs old and men only need apply . Call 452-
~305 : evenings 287-7529. (4/28) 

Secretary , p.t. 10 hrs/wk . Hrs flexible. Sal. 
+ bonuses. Ins . office PB. For appt. call 

270-2801 between 2-5 pm . (4/ 26) 
Dog needs loyal person . Song , yr old 
ene<get ic mannered lOVing male mutt . FREE ! 
755-1334 or 459-9005 (4 / 30) 

ItOUS.iNG 

Female roommate needed to share Del M~r 
apt. near beach. 755-9471-Claudia. (4/28) 

For rent -own room in peaceful Ocean Beach 
collective household. Vegetarian , spiritual , 
political , supportive-looking for same . House 
IS clean-li ght-ideal . Prefer woman. S100 uti!. 
Inclu . Steven 222-7195 . (4 /24) 

1 rm 10 duplex $120 4-19-76 to 6-15-76 Del 
Mar . 1 blk . to beach call Dave or Steve eves. 
481 -8549. (4 / 26) 

3 br 2 ba. Playmor La Jolla townhouse. avail. 
June 15. part fum . pat io, pool 454-1441 
(4 /30) 

Female roomate wanted to share 3 br. house 
in Del Mar, own room . Sao /mo. + uti!. Call 
Mlkeor Don 755-5402. (4 /26) 

Del Mar beach house available June on year 
lease. 4bdrm 213 498-1564 (6/ 4) 

Roommate wanted at University City house. 
Own room 85 + utllilles call 453-9349 after 6 
pm (4 /30) 

3 br 2 ba Playmore La Jolla townhouse , 
avail June 15. part fum pallo , pool 454-
1449 (5/7) 

Female roommate to share 3 bdrm house. 
Own large room 10 min to UCSD. S97 a 
month avail now 270-5181 (4 /26) 

UCSD STUDENT 
,PRINT CO-OP 

Some prices for Camera -Ready cop~­
--B1ac~ ink on any color paper--

8 1L2"x 11" 11"x 17" 
100 COpiE'S $ 3.00 100 copies ~ 6 . 75 
200 " 4 . 50 200 " 8.25 500 " 7. 00 500 " 12.75 

1000 " 11.00 

Gome in and ask us 
about cny of your printing needs. 

ThE' rates above represent 
only some of the work \\'e can handle. 
UCSO STUDENT CENTER 452· 4747 

en 10:00 -4 :00 1-111 
we gladly accept non'student business 

• 

Roomie wanted for Solana Beach house . 
Own room SI00/mo (negot)able) . Ocean 
view Call lale eves. 755-2519. (5/3) 

Cozy studio Apt. 5 min from bch . in Solana 
Bch For rent May -Aug . furnished , 
w / plngpong '150 month 481 -8565. (4 / 28) 

S50 REWARD. Find us N County cottage we 
rent (to 5225) . Responsible couple . No 
Rldsl pets. 755-0657 (5/3) 

For rent room . private home , Del Mar S90 w. 
kitchen privileges $70 without. 755-8478. 
(4 /26) 

$325-3 bdrm. I ", bath . garage , on pool/park 
area . very private prefer 453-8119 . (4 / 24) 

• SERVICES 
Summer work l Been looking? Try something 
ou t of the ordlOary and pays well 459-4396 . 
(4 /30) 

Kno~ how to play bass? Teach me so I can 
too . would love to learn to play. Will 
pay/tradeJohn 131 E. 5th Nat ional City (5/3) 

HIS 8. HERS hlarstyhng- hair cut . shampoo & 
blow dry 515. With student card- 58. The 
Hairs tylists 7463 Girard St. (behind Shirt-
tails) 459-8229. (5/ 14 ) 
Sandpiper Designs graphic art · 
phOlographY ' un ique wedd ing -shower 
invitations' natural porlraits. Gwen: 565-
1575. (4/26) 

Bookfair May 8 In front of California First 
Bank in downtown La Jolla . Hundreds of 
Inexpensive books to benefit kidney foun-
dation (5/8) 

Creative pfaytlme for 2-5 year ofds Play & art 
room offers creative learning and free ex -
p'I'SSlon 9-5 Mon .-Fr!. Call Kathi 436-9117. 
IlIr.ensod DayCare}(4 /30) 

LOST & fOUNd 
LOST Yellow canary notebook w l notes in 
brown felt pen - call 583-2725 for S reward -
thanx (4 /26) 

LOST ' ZUni Indian turquoise ring . Shape of 
an Indian with small chips of turquois Lost 
near Cluster Library. If found . please call 
Marti at 453-0669. (4/26) 

LOST Lady's blue wallet. Pleast return 10 TT 
offi ce . Lost between BH and AP&M on Fri . 
(4/26) 

LOST Jewelry . Coral beeds, opal cluster 
ring . antique charm bracelet. etc. Sen-
timental value. reward . No questions asked 
453--6682 after6. (4 / 26) 

Lost orescriot ion sun Illasses on Tues . In CR 
Bldg REWARD. Turn In to loan records 
o ffi ce or call 3788. (4/26) 

LOST - 10 mo . old black Doberman Plncher. 
Uncropped ears . Called Ziggy . Reward! Call 
Sandy at 452-2860 9 to 5. (4/26) 

Lost womens gotd watch wlbraided chain 
band 4-21 pm . Please Please return n or 452-
9893 . Reward (4/26 . 

FOUND jacket In CR Building (3rd College) 
Identify - call 276-3641 , leave message (4/26) 

PERSONALs 
CARMEL Mark wlchocolate shirt - for poetry 
and Renaissance ballads try the 8th of Tioga. 
- FAIRE unicorn (4/26) 

Congratulations . Harry Carrier of the San 
DlegUi lo C,lIzen!' You won 1 sl place in Best 
Dressed ca legoryl!, !! R-i-b-b-i-t-t !! If! (4/26) 

Mark 8. Steve - Be careful! When you enjoy 
" L'Amour qui n 'ose pas dire son nom " until 3 
am f know now. (4/26) 

PLANT LOVERS we work with evergreen and 
deciduous trees and shrubs . We do or-
namental pruning , lacing , and topping . We 
level or cut back banks , remove rocks . We dig 
holes for tree planting as well as week 
c learing and cultivating for gardens. We also 
remove trees and stumps. Call Arnie 277-
3520. (5/ 12) 

Rules and Rates 

Classifieds shoutd either be prtnted or typed on a 3" x 5" card (available 
in Triton Times office) . They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The follow ing rates are for 100 spaces -II you use more spaces , the rate 
will double . (100 spaces -- 25 cents; 101 to 200 -- 50 cents) . 

Personals -- $1 • 
Lost and Found -- free 
Other ads: students -- 25 cents 
nonstudents -- $1 Typist IBM lerm paper. theSIS. dlsserlation, 

etc edll1Og . rush lobs , xerox 560-8171 . 457-
1588 (6/3) Deadlines: 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 pm Monday for Wednesday; 4 pm Wednesday for Friday. 

Prof . lhei;,s typing . Ouall ty work, great at 
charts 8. lables. Have electroniC , 
engineering, Greek symbols . Located in 
MISSion Vall ey . Don 't wait to reserve time for 
your typing . Call Linda , 280-3343. (4 / 30) 

Announcements: free. All announcements will run in the Monday 
calendar. Dead tine for calendar : 4 pm Friday. 

(All additions or corrections to listings in the Schedule of Classes for 
regular University courses will be charged $1 ). 

Present thiS coupon with your meal at the 
unique Spice Rack " Garden" Restaurant In Pacific 
Beach and you 'll get rolled . Free. Take home half a 
dozen of the tastiest home-made rolls or muffinS 
you've ever met. ThiS offer IS good on Mondays thru 
Thursdays ~ 
YOU'RE GONNA LIKE THE ~~ 

A GARDEN RESTAURANT 

M ission Blvd, near Grand in Pacific Beach 
offer good only 5 pm-1 0 pm, expires May 31 st. 

>- HIKING · WRESTLlNG · GYMNASTlC· CYCLlNG· Football · BOXtNG ' BASEBALL ' 

~THE PROS HAVE DONE IT 
~ 6 Pfofessional athletes have opened a store for YOU 
cr 
.... 

TT 

;;1 

I ~ 
. . 

C) 
o 
r-
'TI 

JOE BEAUCHAMP DAN FOUTS 

GARY GARRISON BOBBY HOWARD 

DOUG WILKERSON DENNIS PARTEE 

GRAND OPENING 
SAT. MAY 1 

FREE DRAWING 
EVERY HOUR 

••••• , •••••••• ••• • Shoes - Carry Bags - •••• , •••••••••••• 

GRAND DRAWING 
- ••• , • , •• , • •••••••• $1500 Video Pong game' •••••••••••••••••• 
Complete Line of 
Ad ldas Products 

FREE ADIDAS VISORS 
WITH PURCHASE 

8042 C lalremont Meso Boul vard 292-0064 
Between Hwy 805 and 163 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
There will be on organizational 
meeting for the UCSD Students for 
Solar Energy tonight at 7 :30 in the 
Humanities library room 1160. All 
interested people ore welcome to 
attend. 

Are you interested in doing 
volunteer work? The Student 
Volunteer Program has listings with 
complete descript ions of volunteer 
placement possibilities throughout 
the Son Diego orea. Student 
volunteers ore needed in such 
areas as tutoring, recreation, 
counseling and health -related 
areas . Usually , the only 
requirement is a sincere interest 
and 0 desire to help others. For 
more information, come and see us 
at the Student Center North, 
Student Organizations office or call 
ext. 4617. 

'~ ... ' 

COP1ES 
3~· nil:::. 
11_012 LOCATlOMI 

1101% ..c:uII .... 1a1a 
11. ~jft.II1"1. _ 

~:_N' "*~ 

UNIVER ITY OF 
PARI - ORBONNE 

SUNY INew Paltz Program 
6th Year 

Undergraduates In philosophy ,nd 
rela ted majors .am 30-32 credil. In r.gut., 
Sorbonne (Paris IVI courSH . SUNY- Perl, 
IV agreement insur.. .tudents avoid 
cumbersome pr.lntcrlptlon and attend 
Paris IV , no. Pfovlncl,t unlv8fslties. 

Director essls.s with houllng, Pfograml, 
studies. 

Orientation, language review. SIP'- 15 -
June 15. Estlma'ed living, .irf .. , '1II,lon, 
f 5 S3200N .Y, resld.nt. ; S3700o.h .... 

Prof . D. BI.nkln. hlp 
Philosophy Dept .. S.U.C. 

New P,ltz , N .Y. 12581 
19141 257-2698 


