
·Farm Board 
Loses Funds; 
Stri ke Looms 

Because of the suspension early 
this week of California's historic 
Agricultural Labor Relations Act, 
United Farm Workers (UFW) 
President Caesar Chavez has 
announced that the UFW will 
reactivate the strike and boycott 
activities which brought picketing, 
chanting demonstrators to the 
campus last spring. 

The suspension of the act, which 
made possible over 400 union 
elections on California ranches and 
farms, is the result of a stalemate 
between Gov. Brown and the 
committee responsible for funding 
the newly formed Agricultural 
Labor Relations Board (ALRB). 

The ALRB was created to run 
union elections on California 
ranches; it used up its first year 
budget of $1.3 million in only five 
months. 

No More Funds 
A majority of the growers and 

legislators which make up the 
ALRB's funding organization, the 
Board of Food and Agriculture, 
have refused to appropriate fur-
ther funds unless the controversial 
board is amended to make it more 
acceptable to the growers. The 
growers' demands include 
restriction of the board's "access 
ru le, II which allows union 
organizers and representatives to 
enter the fields and talk to 
workers. 

Brown has refused to renegotiate 
the ALRB "with the gun to the 
head," and said that he will not 
revamp the program in order to 
secure additional funding. " I don't 
think the law is perfect and I'd like 
to look at possible changes in the 
future, but I don't think holding 
hostage a budget item is realistic 
or appropriate," he told reporters. 

Chavez called it "a day of in-
famy," and said that the UFW had 
no choice but to revert to the 
strikes and boycotts which have 
plagued California agriculture in 
recent years. 

The UFW has been much less 
vocal in its protest against growers 
since the enactment of the ALRB 
last August. Since then the UFW 
has won 198 union elections, and its 
rivals, the Teamsters, 114. 

Barring resolution of the con-
flict, elections cannot be reswned 
until July, when the new fiscal 
budget is adopted. 

Chancellor M cElroy presented the new ·UC San Diego I.ogo to t he Board of O.versee.rs at 
its meeting Wednesday . The logo, designed .by San Diego ar::lst Robert Penne, Will be 
used in a variety of ways , including publications , bookstore Items , campus signs and 
parking stickers. . k 

Perine said of the logo: " The configuration is suggestive of a ~abynnth, a small net:-",or" 
of organized spaces not unlike a school , where one moves about In quest of an e~ucatlon ., 

The logo cost " just under $400," according to Dagmar Grimm, who works In UCSD s 
public affairs office . 

'·'GSU Not Dead"-Members 
Seek Organizing On State Level 

by Mark Stadler . tuition waivers for all graduate <?ne majo~ union go~l . will ~ to 
New Editor students, 50 percent teaching gam collective barga~1Og :lghts 

" The union is definitely not assistant compensation for all grad for state employees, Sm1th sa1d. 
dead," Graduate Student Union students and year-long contracts W~rk to R~e 
(GSU ) member Cory Smith signed the year before. After the strike v~~ 10 Januar;;: 
maintained at a news conference Agreements on the latter two the GSU adopted a . work-ta-rule 
Tuesday afternoon. h~ve been worked out in strategy, under which a TA. wor~ 

Fellow member Gregg Robinson negotiations between ad- only a~ many hours as h.e is pa1d 
affirmed this statement, saying ministration and union. for . . Smce T As are pald for a 
that as long as graduate students Those negotiations ended in maxlmum of 20 hours a week, they 
need protection from unfair ad- January, just before the ~SU v?t~d would work only th~t many hours. 
ministration practices, the GSU to postpone a scheduled mdef10lte The st~~tegy behmd work-to-rule 
will be alive. strike. No new date has been set. was to ~~y bare the amount~ of 

The issues that birthed the GSU In the past month, the GSU has ove~work ':fAs contend wlth, 
are still alive, Robinson added, and been active, but less visible, Smith Ro~1Oson sald. He added that, 
they are " the guts ofthe union." said Tuesday . It has been while the .strategy has alrea~y 

Static Class Size redirecting its efforts in two s~own a falr amo.unt of ef.fect, lt 
Those issues are addressed by directions : solving specific wlll dem?nst~ate lts effecbveness 

the GSU in its four demands, which problems within separate most d~1Og fma.ls week, when TAs 
were formulated at its inception departments and organizing t~eorebcally wlll turn over . all 
last spring. These include: no statewide with other UC em- fmal~ to ~he professors for gradmg. 
increase in class size fee and ployees. Un.lOrr members have e~-

, phaslZed that work-ta-rule 1S 

Graduate Student Union member Gregg Robinson, on 
right, shown here with David Gartman at a meeting last 
Nove mber. (TT photo: Nathan Meyers) 

merely a means for effective 
preparation leading to a strike if 
conditions have not been alleviated 
to the GSU's satisfaction. 

Although union member 
Mariana Marin said Tuesday " it is 
very probable" that a strike date 
will be set, discussion of a strike is 
not on Thursday's agenda. 

One of the steps union members 
consider vital toward preparation 
for a strike is union affiliation. Last 
November the GSU rejected 
membership of the Association of 
Federal, State, County and. 
Municipal employees (AFSCME ) 
by a narrow margin. 

Another union affiliation vote is 
currently in progress, through next 
Friday. 

Active in all Levels 

Council Votes Itself 
$ 5000 Pay Raise 

Special Issue 
The Triton Times plans a special 

issue on the concept of a university 
education in general, and UC San 
Diego's brand of education in 
particular. 

The three union members 
present Tuesday said they hoped 
AFSCME would be chosen to 
represent the GSU. One reason for 
this is because the union, which is 
active among all levels of DC 
workers, provides an opportunity 
for the GSU to organize with other 
UCworkers. 

The San Diego City Council voted itself its second pay raise in two 
years yesterday. • 

The $5000 raise , which brings council salaries to $17,000 and the. 
mayor's salary to $25,000, was approved by a 5-3 vote, with Coun-
cilmen Gil Johnson, Lee Hubbard and Jim Ellis opposing the move. 
Councilman Floyd Morrow was absent. . . 

The pay hike is the second raise approved by the councli since 
voters adopted a city charter provision allowing review of council 
salaries every two years. 

That vote, taken two years ago, created a salary-setting commission 
which immediately raised council salaries from$5,OOO to $12,000 and 
mayoral salaries from $12,000 to $20,000. 

The pay raise was the councU's first one in 17 years. 
The COmmission last month recommended the $5,OOO-a-year figure . 
The council, under the commission's guideUnes, had the option of 

accepting that recommendaUon or a lower figure. 
Accepted raises are subject to voter referendUlll. 
The pay raise was supported by the San Diego Chamber of Com-

merce and the San Diego Taxpayers AaaociaUon. 

The issue will discuss what a 
university education is good for 
tangibly (that is, getting a job), 
and less tangibly (becoming 
prepared for " life ," both 
emotionally and inteUectually. ) 

The GSU hopes that, through 
AFSCME, any problems with 
undergraduate T As can be worked 
out. 

The GSU m et last night in the HL 
auditorium. Scheduled topics for 

The issue will appear Monday, discussion were union affiliation, 
F b 23 the consequences of last fall ' work e . . , 1 

toppage, Gov. Brown s ong 
In addition to stories by mem-

bers of our staff, the iMue will 
include perspective and opinion 
pieces by members of the campws 
community. We welcome su~ 
mbsions from anyone who has 
something to say about education, 
here or anywhere. The deadline is 
Feb. 17. 

awaited reply to the GSU' Sept. 19 
I tter to him and progre of the 
work -to-rule. 

CalPIRG Says 
Bookstore 
Overprices 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

Sundry and convenience goods at 
UC San Diego and other local 
campus bookstores are 
significantly higher priced than 
they are at privately owned chain 
stores, according to a recent 
survey by the San Diego CaIPIRG. 

Cal PIRG's survey, conducted by 
Susan Sayler, on Jan. 19 
discovered that the UCSD 
bookstore charges 15.3 percent 
more for convenience and sundry 
items than a Woolworth chain 
store. 

The survey compared prices on 
12 different sundry items that 
students might purchase at 

. bookstores. Woolworth's depar-
tment store was used as the base 
for comparison and bookstores at 
Grossmont Community College, 
San Diego State, University of San 
Diego and UCSD. 

Sayler's survey showed that San 
Diego State's bookstore is the least 
expensive campus bookstore in the 
community though it is still 6.5 
percent higher than Woolworth's. 
USD and Grossmont have the 
highest prices. 

Buying Power 
UCSD Bookstore manager 

Robert Meyers, said that the 
discrepancy between UCSD and 
Woolworth's prices is the dif-
ference between " the buying 
power of a large chain like 
Woolworth's and a small operation 
likeUCSD." 

Chain stores offer loss leaders on 
popular items in order to draw 
people into their stores, Meyers 
said. A loss leader is a low priced 
item which is often sold for less 
than cost in order to attract 
customers 

When the bookstore was first 
opened, items such as razor 
blades, aspirin, and cosmetics 
were placed on sale as convenience 
items for UCSD students according 
to Meyers . " Our prices were 
originally as high as a local 7-11 
store might be, " he said. 

The UCSD bookstore used a iocal 
" jobber' (wholesaler) who usually 
used the manufacturer's suggested 
list price as a guideline for prices. 
Meyers aid that three years ago 
UCSD was able to put together an 
organization with other bookstores 
so that prices were reduced. 

Though UCSD's prices are high, 
the bookstore has not been able to 
find a jobber with lower than 
existing prices. " We are not abl.e to 
compete with a national chain like 
Woolworths," said Meyers. 

Sayler said that Woo I worth's 
wa used in the study because they 
have a wid range of convenience 
time . 

No 1 It IDS 
Though there were no sale items 

on the survey, the Woolworth's 
chain does feature a lot of discount 
items, 8c'yler said. 

IPIBG , according to Sayler, 
thought f doin a book price 
surve , b.1t found that it would be 
too difficult to find enough books 
con •• Iv,i ~v .. ".1. <i' pu., tv 
compare. Sayler found it much 
easier to ompar prices on con-
enienc items. he fe Is that 

CalPIRG' original goal of doing a 
survey that would be directly 
applicabl to students (who, after 
all, provide much of CalPIRG's 
funding) was maintained. 

.' 



" 

Letters to the Editor 

COOp Can Only Work With Your Help 
At the Feb. 9 Student 

Cooperative meeting, I received 
the impression that many people 
would write letters concerning the 
appropriateness of the tactic Wled 
in the meeting. I will not write 
about this tactic because it exposes 
to me a real problem in the Coop: 
lack of people. 

The people in the Coop now are 
overextended and burning out fast. 
Whatever may be your personal 
political idealogy, there is a lot of 
work to do on this campWl, with the 
administration and with the 
students. The real crime of this 
meeting was not that some three or 
four students walked out, but that 
three or ' four students made the 
difference. 

The object of this letter is to 
explain the Coop, so that new 
persons won't feel out of place and 
confused. The Coop is basically a 
forum, where 'people doing dif-
ferent work get together to work 
out problems and to give out in-
formation on what they are doing. 
The Coop is also a source for in-
formation and involvement, get-
ting yourself and others involved. 

Each group involved in an area 
is referred to as a n action center. 
Presently these action centers do 
not have enough people for the 
work that needs to be done . The 
various centers which are now at 
least nominally active, are listed 
here. 

Appointments and Evaluations 
serves to put students on ad-
ministration committees and 
positions in the Coop. The Budget 
Resource Group (BRG ) makes out 
student fee allocations and assigns 
space in the Student Center. The 
Propaganda Collective canvasses 
the campus trying to get people 
involved. Internal Affairs deals 

with inner-campus cooperation 
between schools and between 
student groups. External Affairs, 
Local, deals with student in-
teraction in a larger environment-
housing, land, and town councils 
receive the attention of this group. 
External Affairs, Statewide, deals 
with the Student Body President's 
Council (SBPC), the Student 
Lobby, and our relations with the 
entire UC system. Academic 
Affairs deals with ourselves as 
students, meaning our primary 
role, with relation to the Univer-
sity . This is the Student 
Cooperative and its roles are any 
the students care to create. 

What happens when you walk 
into the door of the north con-
ference room in the Student Center 
at 6:30 on Monday night? 

F irst , your name is taken on the 
roll and you sit down. This is a good 
time to get acquainted with other 
people or to read the minutes. At 

approximately 6:45, a chairperson 
will call the meeting to order and 
ask the minutes to be approved. 

Then, the meeting moves to an-
nouncements. During this period, 
people explain new problems and 
what will happen on campus. 

Next, the meeting moves to old 
business and during this period, 
items of interest are discussed at 
length and possibly voted on. (A 
note about voting: in order for a 
motion to pass, it requires a two-
thirds consensus, not counting 
abstentions). Then, the meeting 
moves to new business where new 
problems are explored but cannot 
be voted upon. 

When new business is cleared up, 
someone moves to adjourn the 
meeting and it ends. 

The meeting explained above, is 
made viable by the people in-
volved, and your presence would 
be a great addition. 

JOHN SISKIN. 

Black Hole Activities Clarified 
This is being presented to clarify 

further the activities of the Black 
Hole . We intend to organize 
seminars and events pertaining to 

extremely controversial topics. By 
presenting more than one view of 
any issue, we hope to enable more 
free thought than if one were to 

confront any of the local "true 
believers. " 

Whether the issue is sex, genetic 
control, psychologically con-
ditioned guilt, or anarchy, we will 
strive to leave open any possible 
alternative . We look forward to 
your participation in our activities. 

THE BLACK HOLE 

The Triton Times Is recognized by the Communications Board of UCSD as the official 
student newspaper. Publicat ion is on Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular school year (except on off icial holidays). Editorial and bus iness offices are 
localed in 117 Blake Hall on the Revelle College campus . University of California. San 
Oiego. 

Letters to the Editor and opinion COlumns are welcomed . All submissions should be 
typed on a 74·space line on nonerasable paper. They should not exceed three peges In 
lenglh double -spaced. The Triton Times reserves the righ t to edit submissions because 
of space limitat ions or style reQ uirements , 

For editorial . call 452-3466; for business and display advertisements. call 452-3468. 
Entire conten ts copyright t 976. Triton Times . 

TRiTON ClAssiFiEds 
fOR SAlE 

Gibson-ES 125 SIIII avail al $300. K.2Comp 
snow SkiS Wllh bind $80 Call 454-8435. Mark 
(2/13) 

74 Honda CL200 Excel condo H I Pipe $650. 
488-7419 or 453-5525. (2120) 

Lange SL SkiS Look Nevada bindings . Fine 
cond,lion $1 25 755-6151 Rich (2/13) 

FOR SALE 72 Honda CB 350 . Exce llenl 
condition Low mileage. $500. Dave I Day 453-
9191 (2/ 13) 

LudWig Double Bass Drum Sel. Good shape . 
with all har1wate$700. JOhn 276- t 547. (2118) 

SkIS For S. Ie. Nu K25195cm60.00 Used K2's 
With saIOm,," bindings 1500 Ca ll evenings 
Sieve 453-l454 12/13) 

2 Sempen Siudded Snow Tires 185 x t 4. 
Slightly u:ed - good condilion Call Jay al 
755-7600· ~a"I.1/21t 11 

HitaChI F,.... . 8-tt rac~ car slereo w / iock moun' 
Oulpul m< re than mosl $130 new Works 
perl ectl y . ~ 90. or besl o ller. 453-4927 . 

FOr Sale 19" Sylvania Color TV plus 13" 
GEBXW Tv lor SI50 total Also elecl ronlC 
,"strumen S ar'Id SchWinn standard bike 753-
762112 / 131 

ItOUSiNG 
3 bedroom 2' , ba lh Condo Unfurnished or 
parlially lurnlshed 5360 00 per month. In-
cludes all utllilies excepl electnCilY Oouble 
garage, enclosed pallo tenms courts . pool, 
",CUIll club hO""" AVAILABLE IM-
MI:DIATELYI CALL 4"38472 (2/13) 

Rm mate w nled DI Mdl 343 9th SI own rrn 
yard wasner lurn $t 10 rnQ 7SS·6J% I BI~ 
(rom coast cruIser (2 1 131 

Ll've on the beach for M Rmmt wanted. 
Furl1lshed - pool 8. tennis . Own room 
w / balh . 115 mo. Oel Mar . 755-<I85t 12(13) 

Cozy two bedroom , furnished , patiO , walk to 
beach $250 Del Mar . 755-5978 or 755-8174. 
(2/ 13) 

Roommate wanted for Solana Beach house. 
$85 own room near beach and coast crUlSer , 
Call 755-89<18 Steve 12/13) 

Need a F Roomie lor beau tiful house In 
Clalremonl. Own room , $87,50 g util ities . 
Call 279-4581 eves. (2 11 3) 

Fema le roommate wanted Mellow drama 
and mUS IC student seeks fema le student over 
21 10 share 2 bedroom apt. In Paci l ic Beach. 
Own room In furnished apt . With heated poo l . 
carpel $90 a month plus 'h utilities . Susan 
270-4742 home 280-5828 work . (2/18) 

TRAVEl 
Ski Heavenly Valley Quarler break . March 21 -
26 5 all day lift t ickels . 5 nltes lodging. 
caSIilO. buflel. dlilner. parties Only $79 .90. 
Tlcke ls at Sludent Cir. 9- tl . 12· 1. Mon 10 Fri . 
or call Don or Mike al 755-8358. 

Need nd 10 L A S t Feb 14. Near 
OcCldPnl I College preferred II nOI . UCLA 
Want to return I Ie Sunday or MOnday Will 
shalcgas Call - 453·8989 (2113) 

CHARTER FLIG HTS TO EUROPE Save up to 
50 • Ap,,1 - Ocl 2. 3 4 5. 6 w~ lliles wec~ly 
PLUS 7·24 week flights often BUT. IImil eCl 
spa<; on long ~ summer IlIghts, Phone your 
San OU"qo headQuaners ' Of chart (8 since 
1961 no lower poces Wi th (ely (truSI 

countS) We are your pfOl ros~lIooa l charll"r 
nd Irav~1 expRI'ls Phone 291-8t41 9-5 pm 
Drrl~r Worlct Travel 13/1~) 

• SERVICES 
EMERGENCY MEETING ! II Ski Club Mon. 
2 It 6 6 30 pm In North Conf . Rm Siudent 
Cenler. URGENT I FLICKS - DRINK . (21 t 3) 

STEREO REPAIR S(udenl with professional 
trainmg and e)(pencnce In stereo repa ir, 
o ffers greatly reduced rates to those on 
sludenl budgels. Repairs made on all makes 
and mOOels. amps . preamps , receillers , 
tuners , tapes, and tables. Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE. Call im. 
mediately for tree es timate and or problem 
consulla lion. Call 29 1-5927. (3/12) 

For inlormation on Ihe Black Hole. call 755-
B1 50. Meeting Th . X Fri noon Mandeville 
Rec ll al Hall. (2/1 3) 

lOST & fOUNd 
Whoever too!< my tape player & tapes Irom 
my Volvo. PLEASE return Ihose tapes of TV 
shows g my friends singing! They' re 
irreplaceable and very Important to me --
PLEASE?! POBox 4421 

LOST 1 Blochem Textbook . Lenningbel' . 
Lost Ffl under Urey Hall by outpul cent er 
Please return . Reward 12/13) 

FOUND' Ladles wnstwalch Matt hew's 
Cam pus Phyl liS 270-4899 (2/13) 

LOST NOTEBOOK (Yellow) 1051 Wed . in 
Revelle Ca leteo. at lunch. Call 452·0670 or 
conlacl me In Bk 258 12/13) 

LOST - Gold Vinyl bill fold w /m ea l ca rd. I D . 
drivers license , etc Keep money but p lease 
relurn lo T T office (2113) 

Found ~eys In USB 27 22 2/ t I oro in TT 
ol1lce 12 It 3) 

Whoev('r took my clo thos and walle tl rom the 
men's locker room Wed Please al Ie I 
r lurn my wdll 110 lhe TT (2/131 

Only the BegiMlng of 
Valentine's Day 

Personals! 
More on Pages 6 and 7 
Michell. , Have • Happy V.IenIN'. Oeyl lhe 
modesto kld-~_ lhey do"we Val.,Unt's o.y In 
Modesto 

, 

To Chuck H .... t 4th Coil. fh ... lor Fri. night . Call 
meOK7 XXXOOOSusi. 

HHI~ry B . 41h College who sayS lize doan't 
mall",1 1 don't think so. Th..,ks for 4Mtfy thing. 
Alex 

To M C. ON '11.0 - The ana .... 'hi big qu."ion I, 
thall want to be wl1h you . tlo __ ~ou- • Hick 

To m, brother In Aspen: I'd aure like 10 be ,kUng 
down your slope. H~pyV . Day . VOUlsiion Pl. 

MeAP Spot end I wish you hIIppineaa and Ioye In 
lhe year to Come. Thanks lor your fr iendship M.A. 

May there be , million more MelfSl Happy He.-t 
Day LoWt, esc 
Rick ObemdOff ' 

Because of you I have had one friend nol quite all 
'a frlend- Love Me 

S. Del , Thanks lor being such a nice distraction in 
chern . Happy Valentlne's Day. 

JJ and RG. Thanks for pullino up with me. Have 8 
good '11 .0 . your Sparklelts Man 

Friday, February 13,1971 

N P V H.ve. good day. Valent ine! You 're the 
grealesi l The Aslan W.S 

Happy VaJenlines Day Robin. Judy , Veman , Cathy, 
Karen, Palty Kim , Ann • . lll'ldy. Suzattne, Allison 
Cathy . linda, Valone , Jill , ViCki , Karen , Phylli l : 
Maryann , Jlf'let SU8, Paula , Lyn . Irene , Debbie, 
Denise , and Te,ease THE FONZ 

Gig! one ollhe ThurSday nlte crew Is madly in 10.,. 
with yoU. Come nell t ThUrsdilyand flM oul . 

Sharcwl-fna~ you have man~ more cokes! Happ~ 
BinhdayS 
YourOlhet'lwo·lhirds 

Jo..lynne. you .e UCSO's finest , Keep it up. 
Happy Valenl lne's and blO 151h no Jive Love David. 

TO JUGS Thanks for an exollc .... ning. The 
powdered bed made It most enioyab". loW! Jotwl 

JMS lIyl HIPPY Vllentine's Day I telA WIM. 
nanew? Sumps 

To our lailhful " helpful7 and goodlooklng coachs 
SMACK !! The Loose Troul 

SVEN -
II th. nightingale could sing like you, h.'d 

rehMrS8 on Sundays tool - Rull Rat 

to my faYOrile warm bOdY. 
ILeNe you very much. From yOUr fiancee 10 be. 

TO my favorUe car , than. lor the rides . advlC • • 
~dlscusslons" elC , HIDPY ' V ~ day loye. your 3rd 
roornale 

AII~son , my ~oung banana whO I dream 01 26lirnes 
a day- may Ihis be our besl Vday ever! love, Brian 

Suoar, boIieoJe me 100 care . after all . whal is candy Debbie S 'agapo me 0110 lIn cardia mou . 
without sugar? Hao,Ie a ValenHny Oayllove, K. PII\I IOS 

My Snuggy Bear -I love You. Your Huggy Beer 

JESSE M saw yQU in yOur P coJlored car, but 
couldn 'l SEE il you waved ! Happy Vltentlnes Day. 
CONCHITA 

ANNA V SURPRISE l OflQ time no seel Maybe 
nelit lime you happen to cruise the Garden l . Hspp~ 
Valentines Day T G -

Berly, 
more and more 

every day ." 
Happy Valentines Day 

love J G 

8ake-lt's Ihe bes l 4 unll class I've had Happy Val 
Day Love you . your Taco cnlP 

Donna Young Ha ppy 18th Blfthday and Happy 
Valentine 's Day . Drop by It you',e around MUlf , 
Ma rsoa 

Honeychum·can you play IOda~ ? You show yours, 
I'll shOW mlfle I love you Your Baby 

• OearPoop ... 
Happy VALentine's Day 

Loye, PoopSie 

OT . 
Puedo tener una coca cola? Mur.has gracias 

Sharon 

Cindy , Ma, Lisa , Karen , Michelle, liz , SleP'l, Anne 
and Margit · Happt Valentina De) Svitias 10\111 
liece 3 Kalh 

To Ihe guy who l ook me through the tunn~s and 
won my he,,1 Happy Valentines Day 1 Love )'Ou, 
lee 

Dave Adchss is al i...., and weU In Amaon Jordon 

Paddlnglon beaHoulmon amour en Jour de 
Valenllne ec:rlte, OK! Blenlo!. Allanle pour moo 

ml~ Papa Bear 

Sandy and Mike 
forever 

Happy Valen llne's Day 

Jat'le- Happy B-oay Valenllne's Babe! 21 is a very 
good year! Enjoy yourself. S .. b S Charles 

Creep 
1 love yOU a whOle bunch. YOu're da best 

Your BuOdy 

Do nol feIgn atlectlon , nellher be cynical 01 10118, 
SCOR~O-Never befOfe has Ihefa been such for in the lace 01 all arldit)' and disenChantment , It 
happiness In my hIe . you have touched my SOUl. " is perrenial ~ lhegrass , 
you are boaulltul. All my love. Alan 

BJC How can I say 117 you OIWl me warmlh when I 
Tne-e IS a paslu re where Ihere is grass a tree and am cotd, comfor1 when I am sad. reaslurance 
lambs sleeping In Ihe sun. Lets find II ShepardeM when I am hlghtened, 'riendship when I need 

someone. and your love ,II the lime. You h.ve 
Mark-Puff I Hope your wMend II JUst as nice .s beeome so necessary to me In so Short I lime, I 
you are Keep smiilng Love, Mary Anne can' l irnmaglne Ihe l ime wllhOut you , love . BAT 

Howeird . I onl v let my Valenline keep my leel To my hllle se. fiend' I love You !1I {Irs nOI 
warm will you sit on m~ toes? Frigidaire orlOinal , bUl il'l lIue. HIPPY Valentlne's Day , (and 

mlell with all my 10Ye alway s, 'going l or Ihlee" 
Andrea , 'tOO 'fe a real angef ! Love ya. ·all your G-
house Pals To The Men In My Ufe sUck. around things wil l get 

better after atllhey can ', gel much wOfse OlIn Ihey7 
Belly Boop Much tove to all . Spit 
Be my Valentine and no one else's . Eagle 

, MISS T. Farrel 
hoty Oe8rest PT A . Will I e'ller lind oul ~t your I would like 10 1811018 Ihls opportunity 10 eMpres s 
molher Irons your shirts'? my deepesl emoUons and feel ings, SO I wili ll 

Shurtz IlOvEYOUI I! 
aflect lon.1letl't yours , Roger 

Big BOb. w ill you give me a couple 01 lnehes lor '11-
day" luv. yo ur lillIe SCller. Peler A I dream about ~ou every night Come read 

a book w ith me l love. Er lCka 
To Rich Thanx for Ihe ~Ice card . Happy ValenUne's 
Day love Ihe sUites In 205--210 Blackbart- You promised lobe my Valent ine. S3 W 

Randy - are you aware of Ihe lacl that I have the Dear Bunny tW11 paws up) mv len1xles lOng for 
hots lor you , AUD you even IhOugh they·re short . H8'le a voluptuous 

Valenllne s Day Clnd a Happy one year too love, 
Dear Moves (beller known as culie") HAPPY Cabbage 
HAPPY HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAV 

Love , A Welrwolf -

Adelaide 
Happy ValenllOe's Day (In Portuguese) 

MG 

To Blvthe Whal can ),OU say to someone WhO! 
perfec t Be mine forever. WRP l ove OR 

Mal yOU'\Ie got laste and so do 1101' putllng 10 Ihis 
free Valenl lne personal Happy 20th Birthday SM 

To Ihe Bee Wllh the slinger I've got your honey, 
wan l to make a hl'lle? leiS be ValentInes-ME· 

Anna V Irs me agalO , P S Happy Birthday & V. 
Oa)'loo. T.G 

To Mary 'tou Ire THE greatest be my Irue 10 ... 
forever and wv'lItrade futures l ove WaH 

Melissa· let' s ge l loget her and rap ~3in , I need 
lhe therapy Much love on V. Day. The Ozone Kid 

To Belle ' I honeStly Ir ied to get In touch th is 
weekena Sorr~ Be my Valenllne anyway-OK? 
Da'llid 

To Hector and Damu. M8rY , and Vikkl Happy 
ValeoliM's Day love MiChelle W . (2(111 

JMF Happ~ Vday "m gonna miSS you. Tell ali the 
IOlks ~t home hetlo Irom me Love lhe Pudge 

To the popc.Ofn JunkieS In suite 540 . Ihe k ing of 
hOII'ts ShaH reign IOrevet' I You're lOOny & loveable! 
Marh 

• To Mark Van K· hope your Valentine', D.y is Iree 
of waler Il8lfOOn! and full of 10\1'1 1 lhe record lady 

To my roomies ( you 10 0 , BEtrl ) - Happy 
Valen ll n«fs OAyl LO'lle . CAfotyn 

8anana l Happy Valentlne·s D1I~J ThiM1kS for 
helPIng me and you r Inendshlp Looking torward to 
Wed - nagA 

OVM - Listen to toots H V O.y hugs and kISses 
luv MMM (WLP) 

SUIf Happy Valentine's Day' Th8tlks 'or 'tour 
comfort , support , ~on~efn . everything I MOstl y. 
your IflendatHp 

TO all te male wombats - hIPPY V 0 •. T (I 
Wombal 

To Frlersa II t\PfiC1 J Va lenllnes wish ' or ,-ou 
110m Snoooy anct the Red Baron wI love 

VPQI~r r WA IDYe yOu wtlalP\let' you ~n1e.­
Io~- eve'ylt1HJog '" moderatIOn 

Please by my Va len line 

Cha llenger 250 , 
Roses are grown ... 
Yjolet s are lruckecJ 
The Revelle Ca lc was greal 
But youguysare---

DeBr924Q-C 
Happy'll 0 

Love some sec:ret admirer' 

-your 
Rabbll 

Gerber baby while , I hOpe we never Slop loylng 
eaCh olhet Happy Valentines It's been 3 mol lieu 

Dear so fl esl reddest Valenhme' I lave you the 
mosi esl IOfever (Uh-huh) Happy reddes l Valen-
limes day , love, Claire 

Hey Buggar-Happy Vday pals-Iorever & true I love 
you the moslM l l lrs up lo SI5 row 100 -creepo 

Happy Chinese New Year, ,II FeUowcounlry man. 
Joe Lo-..e .4th Coli, 

To my PillSbUry Dough Boy Three years isn'l so 
lOng . I lOve you. The lady who won' t tick .. . 

To the girl wllh shOrl brown hair In Hrst 1 B 1/0'" 
you! Call me IOf detaIls DaVid 452·9353 

To the gifl wllh Long BlOnde Hair in PolI .scl 11 I 
lOve you M F 

TO All THE GIRLS'IN C». HAPPY VALENTINES 
DAYI LO'o'4tlromall the Guys In O..e , 

Crank The- grIll can'l be as hot IS I .-n 'or you 
ea' eC,ummy 

Bes'esl Buddy. LO MUCHO OUE TE OUIERO. 
Ma~ our love continue 10 grow with happlnesl. 
Love linda (BB) 

SCott , YOO'''' 001 my he., Ih lS quarler. How abOUt 
nex11 He,e', 10 this weekt!f}d l See you t~! 

Happy VatentlnftS Day Jesse I know you can 
Change my basis from R-l 10 R·2 How lbOut It? 
Love A- I 

MB _. II's so dllliculi 1051'10'* you how much I reatly 
cafe Please 1411 me t ry lO .... , SP 

Happy '11.1 .... 11118'. Day to PolynemuSI From 1M 
(0' 10US IIrk I 
HYd - MOC pluaZMC plu. LR 1001 

Cu,'y You re . wh_1I bu t or"" I, Love , Sn .. "-~ 

Friday, February 13, 1m 

Low 
Blows 

Brother,· 
Can You 

and Cheap Spare Me 15c? 
by Edward Si_ Shots 

Stop me if you've heard this before. 
Late of a recent Sunday night, I was seized around 

the throat by the clammy, though tender, hands of 
my cigarette habit. 1 had to have another smoke or 
I'd durely die. 

The local supermarket was closed so I went to the 
campus to buy a pack. 

The fIrSt stop was Matthews campus. As most of 
you probably know, there is a small herd of vending 
machines (known collectively as "Norm") on the 
campWl just north of the UCSD theater. 

The vending company knew I was coming; it had 
removed the cigarette machine. I stared at the void 
so recenUy filled by the warm and friendly cigarette 
machine. I mourned its passing for perhaps five 
seconds before I made the decision to go to,Muir. 

The gray grimness (or grim grayness) of Muir 
patiently, slyly, wetly waited. 

I was lucky . The cigarette machine worked. And 
there this tale would have ended had I not decided to 
call a friend. 

The telephone by the east elevator of the P&L 
building was the obvious choice. 

Thoughtfully, tastefully, but most of all, erotically, 
1 thrWlt my longing dime into the nearest wet slot. It 
fell straight through to the coin return chute. Again, I 
tried. This time, my dime had the good taste to bring 
a quarter along for the ride. Still, I wasn't able to 
make the call. 

Once more, I tried_ I figured that maybe the 
quarter had held up my dime. This time the dime 
stayed in. 

Like a fool, I punched the coin return button-as U 
there were some connection between pushing the 
button and getting my money back. 

No luck. The dime was going for Ma Bell's next hot 
toddy. 

Still, I was fifteen cents ahead, right? Things could 
be worse, 1 thought. 

They soon were . 
Frustrated by the frigid telephone, 1 sought solace 

at the bottom of a bicentennial cup of coffee. 
Historically, coffee machines and I have enjoyed a 

certain rapport, a kind of mutual understanding of 
the workings of the universe, I don't go running to the 
student center to get my money back every time the 
machine doesn' t come 'across_ I understand. I am 
patient. And, sooner or later, my patience is 
rewarded with a quarter in the change slot. 1 know 
the score. I don't begrudge the machine taking my 
dough now and then. I know what it's like to be caught 
short. 

You see? I'm a reasonable man. 
This particular ~chine, sitting brOOf!in!lly under 

some steps near the P&L bldg., had the definite look 
of a sociopath, a real hard dude -the kind that would 
thrash your butt for the incentive that only a nickel 
can offer. 

I'm a trW!ting sort. "01' Easy Eddie," they call me, 
"the sucker with a heart of sap." Into this renegade 
machine I pressed my new found friend, the 1972 
quarter. 

The machine acted as if there had never been 
anything between us. It was as if we were total 
strangers: There was no quid pro quo, if you catch my 
drift. 

There is an hierarchy of responses (as the psych 
majors are wont to call it) to be made in these 
situations. They are: 

1. Work the coin return lever. 
2. Work the coin return lever while saying 

" please ." 
3. Push the buttons again. 
4. Work the coin return lever while attempting to 

kick the damned machine into smaller, more readily 
dealt with, pieces. 

5. Abandon the lever entirely, while kicking and 
pounding the machine, simultaneously indulging in 
some extemporaneous cursing. 

6. Fire-bomb the monster, making sure to take 
home movies. 

I had gotten to No. 3 on the list when I realized it 
was hopeless. This machine, with a fine disregard for 
the inalienable rights of man l had swallowed my 
dough and that's all there was to it. 

I should have left Muir right then and there. I had 
broken even for the night ; I should have felt lucky. 
But no , I had to have that cup of coffee. 

The next place, of course, was the basement of 2A-
or whatever it's called these days. 

When dealing with the machines here at UCSD, one 
has to play the percentages. 

Figure : the house take is 63 per cent, so 37 per cent 
of the time you'll get what you've paid for. At any 
time, the odds of getting the bird from two machines 
in a row is about 4 out of 10. 

More than half the time, then, if you try two dif-
ferent machines, your chances of getting what you 
wantare6 out of 10. It's better than Vegas. 

It was, then, with little apprehension that I inserted 
my quarter into the coffee machine at the bottom of 
2A. 

EvidentlY', this machine and its brother upstairs 
were in cahoots. This machine, too, took my quarter 
and gave nothing in return. I made all the effort but it 
refused to sacrifice anything at all. It was the story of 
mY'life in satire. 

The machine giveth, the machine taketh away; 
usually the latter. . 

GUIDE TO MONEY 
FOR HIGHER EDU£ATION 
Guide to more than 250,000 Scholarships and 
Financial Aid Source _ . items valued at over 
$500 million dollars. 
Contains the most up-to-date information on: 
Scholarships. grants. aids, fellowships, loans. work-study program, 
cooperative education programs, and summer job opportunities ; for 
study at colleges, vocational and technical schools, paraprofessional 
training, community or two-year colleges, graduate schools, and post-
graduate study or research: funded on national, regional. and local 

I~vels by the federal government, states, cities, foundations, corpora-
ttons, trade unions, professional associations, fraternal organizations, 
and minority organizations. Money is available for both average as well 
as excellent students, both with and without need_ 

BENNETT PUBLISHING CO. 
Depr. 214. 102 Charles Stred. Boston. Mass, 02114. 
Pleasc rush me _ copics of GUIDE TO MONEY FOR HIGHER ED CA-
TION at S5 .95 rlus 50c for postage and handling for cach copy. 
I :lm c nclo~ ing S (check or m()n~~ o rder) . 
!\'amc 

Adddrc s 
------------~----------------------

City Sh tc Zip 
D Copyright 1976 Bennett Puhl is hing O. 

Page 3 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
Amounclng: 

FAU SEMESTER 1976 
• F .. -tIme 3-y •• r day program . 

• Part-time day and .v.nIng programs 
The S<. hool " 

fUllY ACCREDITED 
by the Commllll't' of B.H E •• Hnlm·" . 

Stale BlU of ( .lhIOfnhl 
Tel : (2 13 ) 8'14-57 11 

8353 Sepulveda Blvd., Sepulveda, Ca. 91343 

MARC BERMAN AND JEFF CARSON PRESENT 

LOUDEN WAINWRIGHT m 

FRI • FEB 13· 8:30PM 
UCSD GYM 

TICKETS: UCSD STUDENTS 4.75 ADV. 5.50 DOOR 
GENERAL PUBLIC AIN. 

Aeareer 
in education? 
Now:! 

Yes. for men and women whose vision . de I ig h t and com-
mitment to the future means working with children. 

Masters Degree Programs in: 
Infancy Education 

The Wave of the Future 

Museum Education 
A New Career Field 

Special Education 
Learni ng Disabled 
Emotionally Handicapped 

Classroom Teaching 
Pre-school through Elementary 

Educational Leadership 
Pre-schOOl through Grade 12 

Guidance and Counseling 
Inlancy through Adulthood 

At Bank Street , Liberal Arts graduates plann ing to 
enter the fie ld of education can . through workshops 
and individualized programs. gain a Masters degree 
and State certification . 

For more information . call . wr ite . or mail coupon _ 

~ Bank Street ~ (oll .. _e of Edu.eation 
r----------------, I Bank Street College of Education Admissions Offtce I 
I 610 West 112th Street. New York. N.Y. 10025 I Telephone ; 212-663-7200 ex t. 291 
I Please send me : I 
I 0 more tnformatton applicatton 0 l:duca!ton I 
I 0 catalog 0 Guidance Counseling I 

_ 0 Educational Leadership 
I I I Name I 

I ~"-- I 
I C, ty/ State /Z,p I 

L
I Und rgraduate Institution I 
----------______ J 



VAla I'HII'HID 
t:HIIDIII~ 

v 

8 
U 

POETRY & PROSE rfl." IlLAt'K AM~KI(,AN LX I'ERIE lL 
FEBRUARY ZO.8:l0pm .f. J. ~. 4.1() 
mAnOEUILLE AUDITORIUm ,,>t, .,,' "HI< > 452-<1090 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 
~'UIfJIcit tAt •• ill .fA geIa 

Discount Prices 
Canon, Olympus 

Nikon, Pentax 
/ 

• / 
u _ 

Sales, Repairs, & Trades 
.' 7717 Fa 459-7355 

1··~····~~;::(:~ii;~ii~~~;····l 
It-~ .. 
: 5 Dynamite Surf and Skateboard Films ! 
: for only $200 ! 
It- 1. A Winner's Tale Thursday . Feb . 12 Ocean Beach .. ! 2. The Last R ide Collier JR High 8 PM .! 
-r 3 Th Gh It PaCIfic Beach It- . e e 0 Saturday. Feb. 14 .. Jr High 8PM ~ It- 4. November CI."monl "?' 
: 5. Sea Daze Sunday. Feb. 15 Madison High 8 PM : 

t******************************~ • ..t 
r~~~~~~OoItC"'GiI~ 

~ All American The 4 Health Foods Crepe I Shop ~ 
Sandwiches ~ Vitamins Crepe Dinners ~ 

, moothies Fruit Crepes 4 
3 3795 Mission Blvd. PB 488-9442 I 
I ca.Aft~~R> AI <SftG't:lto...M 4ft~ .4ft~ 

SP [CIAl CU($Y STAR 

~III~I riAl 
WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 18 

SAN DIEGO ., 
UOI'I'S AIIRA ~. , ~~ 

All suls reulved t6 1~.' 75. 4 '~ fln. hIdes PI,,, ,nR I 
lICllfU A", ,' aDle iIIl All 8111 C,mble'l Men ', StOles, 

AII/t,n, TI~~~tl~'Qer~!~~onS~rlt~:~e4nl'1~'ckft Office 

Swept Away On a Sea 
of Political Tedium 

By Steve EamedlDa 
Staff Writer . 

Lina Wertmuller's, "Swept Away By An Unusual 
Destiny In the Blue ~a Of August" .is a ~riple decker 
movie: part schematlc farce, part d1alect1cal allegory 
and part sloppy tearjerker. The first two thirds are ~ 
termittently interesting as comedy and melodrama, but 
the last part is unqualifiedly disastrous and it throws 
the entire picture out of focus, whack, and credibility. 

It strikes me as ridiculous that Wertmuller's 
hodgepodge has been taken so seriouSly by such haughty 
highbrows as Penelope Gilliat and John Simon. It cer-
tainly never rises above the level or silly signpost ser-
monizing as an allegory, and it descends far below the 
level of Fassbinder's Sirkian-soapers Qr even Pollack's 
"The Way We Were" as a tortured take of misbegotten 
love. 

By now the story developments should be legendary. 
A Northe~n Italy company of the bourgeois elite, on a 
yachting vacation off the southern shores of Sicily, in-
dulge themselves in wine, cuisine, and ping-pong 
diatribes on the nature of capitalism and communsim. 
One of the Goddam Capitalist Pigs, a rich, snotty bitch 
(Mariangela Melato) devours the SOWldtrack with the 
hyperboHc fury of a Jolm McLaughlin solo. 

The p'rime target of her abuse is a frazzled, big-eyed 
shipmate (Giancario. Giannini)who repulse~ her .. He 
wears stinky undersh1rts , overcooks spacheth, and 1S a 
mechanical dullard. By a very conveniently in-
convenient quirk of destiny (in the blue sea of August, I 
guess), the two wind up stranded o.n a deserted i~land. 
The shipmate, who, as it turns, 1S also a ded1cated 
Marxist, turns the proverbial tables 0!l the bitch. Skilled 
in hunting, he forces her to grovel at his beck and can for 
food shelter and elemental protection. He also rapes 
her in retrib~tion for all the indignities the bourgeoise 
perpetrates on the proletariate ("this is for raising ~e 
price of cheese and wine. This is for not paymg 
taxes ... ") . 

Of course, she falls completely in love with him, 
proving several things : 1. Rich she is bad, poor he is 
good; 2. Bourgeois Bitch can only be liberated from 
unreal constraints by a Real-Salt.()f-The-Earth-Stud 
who'll put her in her place ("if that was my wif~ ~'~ kick 
her ass straight to bed"); ' 3. And, most dehrubvely, 
"Swept Away," like Cavani's "Night Porter" and 
Mary 's " Heartbreak Kid," proves that being a woman 
artist does not necessitate sympathy for her women 
characters. 

As Andrew Sarris has so cogently noted, the Marxist 
slogans in "Swept Away" are sprinkled around "like 
Fortume Cookies." How it could be considered a com-
plex dialectic is beyond me. 

fo rming Arts . 
-

This movie is a primitively stacked deck. No be cured by a good violent screw? Are an women 
what zealous Wermuller fans maintain, the masochists? Wertmuller creates these questions, 
obviously favors her wide-eyed male over her is never candid enough to explore them. She just 
eyed female. His hypocrisy is plain, but it the didactic dialectic out from the narrative and 
demned: it's excused. He is patted on the back the movie into a doomed romance sudser. Tears 
that he has every right to beat the whore. violins swell, and the audience is made to feel that 

The proof of this isn't a mere matter of intp.mrf>~II;' have been watching the love story of the century, 
it's spelled·out. Otherwise, how could the of an ugly depiction of human degradation. 
so enamored that whe never wants to leave 
isn't simply a survival tactic. Wertmuller is most appalling about "Swept Away" is that for 
the altar of the man's penis. Ironically, first tw~thirds it screams its ideas so insistently that 
dedicated Marxist, a great brown hunter, and a an impurely emotional basis, I felt forced to consider 
lay ("sodomize me, my lord"), the shipmate is ideas. But it unravels whatever ideological points 
thorough misogynist. He resents the rich women constructs by turning into a simpering suds-pile. This 
for showing their breasts to him than he does for one case when the formal saving grace of a good 
the-price of wine and cheese. He believes they Shcluld.mel:a eye like Wertmuller's is no real compensation. 
subservient to men, their masters. He isn't prej it's doubtfulthatevena moviemyopic ·llke John 
towards beating only the rich, either. By the end, he could blow an island setting. The con-
shown slapping the hell out of his poor, fat wife. on turquoise sea, gray rocks, and white walls 

This all leaves me with few questions. Does a an inadvertant evocation of "L' Avventura." If 
to Marxism rule out female assertiveness? Can the rest of the movie was as delectablp.. 

Soft Landing 
By Tim MacK .... i. ad 

D .... iel Sluiwl.r 
The already ouUandish career or David 

entered a new chapter with the release of 
"Station To Station." his upcoming tour and 
released motion picture. The ever~hanging 
his most difficult move as a per!onner: lhe 
lhe glitter rocker to a broader based fibn and 
star . 

As Bowie explains. ·'There are very few 
broken out of rock and into any other 
films. I'm detennined 10 do it. The 
You can't lei it use you, which is whal is happeniJ~ 
majority or rock stars around. And as 
honestly believe that it kilts my art. I will never 
again . " 

But it appears that "an obscenely large 
money" changed Bowie's mind about touring . 
North American tour slops in San Diego 
the 13th. 

Bowie's '76 tour coincides with the retease <I. 
To Station ." The new albwn conlinues the 
ever<.han«ing musical directions. Indeed. it 
nothing Bowie has ever dooe before. A quick 
"Station To Station" indicates that it is not as 
accessible as many or his previous works. 

However. 10 fully appreciate Bowie's work. 
accept his short attention span and his 
directioll8. The infectious single " Golden 
easiest cut to digest. The tilte cut. replete wilh an 

, Friday 13th 

............................................... 
~ru.C. ~Q.n :D iL9 0, Campw P't09'ta.m $oQ.\d pu.unis. 

~ T~e Prague Madrigal 
• i Siqgers 
• with authentic Renaissance costumes and 

Society for the Preaenation of 
, r--'~.-----~r-----~ 

: instruments from the National Museum of .Prague 
• S~nday Feb 15 8pm Feb. 17 -Feb. 22 

Chicano, African Art, 
Mckenna Photo Show, 

Poetry, Jazz 
by Elizabeth Cbiment 

Staff Writer 

A number of fascinating art shows are scheduled 
around San Diego te keE:;l yvur senses active this week : a 
Chicano Art Exhibition. including works by Guillermo 
Acevedo, Mano Lima, and Tomas Castaneda is now 
being shown at the Acevedo Art Gallery Internacional in 
San Diego; Recent paintings by Chen Tancheng, 
Professor and Director of the Department of Arts at the 
University of Chinese Culture in the Republic of China 
will be running through February 29 at the Fine Arts 
Gallery in Balboa Park; and African Sculpture: 19th and 
20th Century will be presented at the Boelun Gallery on 
the Palomar College Campus in San Marcos until Feb. 
20 . 

A show of photographs by well~known artist Helen 
McKenna is now on display at the Women's Store in San 
Diego. The show, entitled "Mostly Cats and Dogs," is 
being presented by the Feminist Poetry and Graphics 
Center and will close this weekend. Finally, a show of 
stoneware and ceramic artifacts from Costa Rica, 
Nicaragua, and Panama, including heads, full figures, 
and bowls is currently on display at the San Diego 
Museum of Man. 

This Tuesday, Feb. 17, Vinie Burrows will present 
readings based on the works of famous black authors at 
the downtown YWCA at 8 pm. The Revelle Informal 
Lounge will be the scene of a poetry reading by Ron 
Silliman next Wednesday at 4 pm. 

For the jazz enthusiasts on campus here are some 
quick notes: You might want to buy your tickets now for 
the Grover Washington concert in Golden Hall next 
Saturday. Also, the UCSD Jazz Ensemble will playa 
tribute to John Coltrane next Sunday, February 22, in the 
Mandeville Auditorium at8 pm. 

Eddie Harris 
ON ELECTRIC SAXOPHONE 

ANOTHER BIRD 
• • • • • 

Mandeville Auditorium 
St $2.50 GA $4.00 TUES-THURS : 1110:30 FAil SAT: 8111 S3 14 

S3 
No Ad •• nce TIcIt .. . 

10. N. SIERRA 
SOLANA IIEACH 

Tickets: UCSD BOX OFFICE Info : 452-4090 
·.~,.4~.~~.t .. ,.~'.4,.~~~ ... 41.4~.~~.t ••• 4 •• 4~.~ 

SUN: 1110:30 Muatll.21.ndH ... I .D. 
FOR INFO: 45 .... 79 

1S~733 

Friday, F bruary 13,197' 

Study in 
Guadalajara , Mexico 

The GUADALAJARA SUMMER 
SCHOOL . a fully accredited UNI· 
VERSITY OF ARIZONA program. Will 
otter July 5·August 13 . anlhropol-
ogy . art . education . folklore . hiS-
tory . polttlcal sCience . language and 
Itterature TUition and fees . $195 
board and room With MeXican family 
5280 Wrtte to GUADALAJARA 
SUMMER SCHOOL. Off ice of Inter-
nattonal Programs . University oi 
Amona . Tucson . ArIZona 85721 

:lew!! Who Are You?---' 
Want to find out and enjoy at the 
same lime. CHABAD i.~ proud to announce 
wee kly classes at UCSD 
For more info. call 286-4747 

see your CHABAD Rabbi 
Wednesdays at Revelle Plaza. 

6115 Montezuma Rd. S. D. 

Beachwear & Casual clothing . 
. Complete line of Skateboards & Accessories 

New & Used Surfboards & Kneeboards · 
Custom orders available n Wetsuils in all siz~s 

SONSHINE~SURF SHOp .. 
1911 Coble Sf. In Ocean Beach 222-1438 

TitiRd CoLLEGE 
BowLiNG NiGItT 

3 Games only a $1 
Free Transportation 
Only 55 spaces available 
(Open only to Third College facully. siolf and 
Pacific Beach Bowl on Gamet 
Sign up!::K2J::i at Third College Dean's office, MC 412 
Trophies are on display at the office. 
'NO,EXPERIENCE NECESSARY - JUST FOR FUN! ' 

The Pel'fect Gift 
Ple,"e~ lor tne vi/eel, 

the d'SCf,mm,fflnQ m .. est,u 
oldUcJ wfI dllc1 

co"lemJ.XJ'df r ae~/Qn~ 
bv DaVIa NIghtmgale 

The Plebian Indian ArlS 
834 Kline. La Jolla 454-1 888 

'IJtO" 11.1,l v M Ull ~.II BAl ('0 ~1l 

Special for art students, 
15 % discount on art supplies 
during the month of February 
at all FRAZEE PAINT stores. 

FRAZEE 
... th paint 



ey, 
Empty '.Ofiul ~h • tuM...,. Ghllll your 

tNl 100000a) • ,","onatiled ht.n .haped cookie on 
V,I..-tine', Day CooIiIM will be on .... Frldlyat 
thl ,....,. P ...... . Crana Clot., Muir Common. 
ond lho IIal<; ScIence Building , hnollt 10< lhe 
UCSO Day c.. Cent • . 

0.1 Michelle, 110 ... you more thin enythlng, but 
"U newr II' you c.leh me on Ihl lid Slopel. Hl¥e I 
or" Vllenll"" Dey. Low. H.B. P.S. '14 111 you be 
my V •• ntto,? 

Mama Jude', PIIlor ' You 're the orMt8l' suitees. 
TMnks '0( eYefYtttino . KltI'I . 

To my s .... thMrt of a roomie, thankS IOf ,lithe 
happiness you OrYl me and 'or ttte eltpetlences we-
sn ••. Here's 10' very memorable Valent ine',Dey, 
"'no, 

To T ER. -- I .hOwed you Ihi cnlld: by James 
K.vanaugn. "love," simpl •. honeat irld If ... To 
the bUuty you' ve brought to my lif., alWlYs WId 
fore'4r I Billy . 

Jag: Don'lllt Ilmils bring ya down. You'r,1'" in 
my book. MS Strait . 

To Alice ... d Shallan, Thanks tor being great. 
lO'l8llwI')'S, Bobeey trio. 

Suite 405-410: Who dld;'1 Why none other thin 
the masked m.,.lucters. We lOve you. 

To all sweethearts in House E, especially the 
on" In Su it. Surrend" , Happ)' Valentine's Diy! 
Lo\il8, Mart i & Jane 

S R H , - You've put the sunshine In m~ heart , 
and the smile on my face. Knowing you has rell ty 
changed me. I'm not trying to t ie you dOwn forever , 
but for now, I rMlty th ink we can make 11. GIY'IIl lle 
iWld love a chance, Love, O,"" ,B, 

Bruce Springsteen I'm (Wet my head bul II sure 
leels mce happy'VD Day Bonnie Rain 

Happy 'VD 2 MJs Girls 'in you - 9 00, Boom 2 
plus CO2 , rocheclip, MJ , A's e. ,camelot , &. hobbit 
girl Love . mouse 

Don T, Wherew'le you happy V 0 Love Joan 

KtITlbaJl , really enjoyed lhe tun nigh'S hippy 
V D. l(We always XXOO Joan p , 

10 my sweetheart that I love, h'PPV Valenllne's 
Day I love, Robin 

Kip Klmbal. Ilh lnk I 10ve-you. Anita HaMjot! 

Tim Morpf"ly, ha.PPY Valentine's Day PIG ! I really 
enjoyea betng your A B, It's been 'un , l O'le, your 
A B .. PIOIeI 

oaffy , how cu te The poky little puppy sends her 
to", . 

Hoy dB Ms W thl! is not 10 trouble you. JUSI nere 
to say you lowed my heilrt away Happy Val'ns day 

JJ -- you mean every1hlng to me I love you SJF 

Frances Gaul -- III could express It In words..19Jl 
would never stop reading HAPP'i 'V 0 SCQ 

Worm-happy'Valen 
you the bell of every! 

Jill and Val Ihank 
derstandtng happy V 
EI'IIS 

Mike F . you have 
1976 good luck from 

lady, be bul sworn 

Jull8, JUl ie , Julie, 
Jim, Jim . J~m 

Biller " Hummer" 
weekend Joe, 

.Amy · Ro - llOda [)eniM a Lyrw-t 10 what \I 'tOUr 
crude ruoe & aociallv unaccepllbte We lo'lfl you 
anyway ~ TN StudS 

We 10..- u Happy'V-Dav 

To M , 1 e wanl to caress your B,G anomake 
more dat un. lor your votuptous bod the RP'. with 
BO's 

To KK jll to lo'ltl, sb 

CrNm..luff ·· , .Nr _ .', :::: If.". f'hUn bvl I.tilllb.-e 
you crer-p 

Blue f Jot appy VOay I realtv love u keep amillng 
for me do rli lKl your" dena pooh , 

JS · ·Otrt thiS isn t I COOkIe , Happv V-G6'I Love. 
1.11'" 

Four1 I floor boys _. B~ Our Valenhnes • three 
IovedOtl.1$ and a Il lite one 

M C HapPll'lessl1 loving yOU , S 

rJIN · come uti ana see me somett.,... - Dfing your 
~tflend.· K Wi lda 

Dear mom, we 1000e you1 SIgned, your 1O'Ilng 
IOns 

Boo would gIVe up »II lhe hQf1ey In Ihe wortd to 
1O"Wt "togl 

To the lellaJ 01 Portoll. Halt !rom the he.tl 01 
the: Ogden Mils WI think you re dtIVlf'III ~ our 
'VIlenhne be II known tnal we love yOu alt 

Friday. February 11, 1I7e 

Look. This is Your t- • 
Canuck 0' Ihe North - be my maple leaf - L.,y 

Canuck 

UBI care. UB 

Ste", G. W e 10", you to lhe max! We 1180 low 
your rack I Hap Vatentine Oayl! Love ESPlnd CAD 

Bronstein! Glrll run lor youl Keep )Our muftln 
recipe lecret Hap VO l LoW! CO and EP 

"Ian I am madly In love with you! I w~nt your 
he¥t! LO'Ie Aleta 

All my Sui tees, HVD & thanks lor your smileS, 
You make Argo 2. nice place to live, Lo .... Ctndy • 

Mary Anne , happy red heart day and happy week-
eficJ In Redwood C As alWays, thri you (keep 
giggll.g) - CLH 

To Mama Jude and girls : Happy redhot V.D.I 
Love Mall 

Dearest Jim , Happy Valentines Day IOd Happy 
AnnMtrsary aweethelrt . All my lewe llwey. Bar-ba,. 

TO ~The Baby". in .11(We Irom 57 

Lulu ~ be my Valentlne love Cathy 

HIC, Just wanted to wish you my beat. Hope ali 
yoUf valentines wishes come true (Dan, Jon, 
George , Randy. PaUl, Craig . Rich, 0 , ?, and 
whoever elsa for nl.1 weekI also uve a small space 
10 your heart .. g hMrt 

I heard you' re getl ing married . Who's the lucky 
hand? I thought I was your only 'Valenllne 

COOtie, looking 10rw8Id to anoth8f heartfelt yeM 
with youl Happy VD LoYB Koala 

Big Sue · You are Ine " hea1 waYe~ 'n my lite. 

Happy Valentines Day to all my friends , 
especially John. Love Mar; . 

Richard M .. Happy Villentin" Day , Thillnks fa 
atwavs betng concemed & helping me. I slUI owe 
you dinner M 

Hanlet Reed - you'¥e been a real blessing to all 
of us. We'U miss you May God gtve you all joy · 
"'0 

Cindy, now it's tIme to see your name 10 Ihe 
paper Happy ValentIne's Day , dolill 

To tne IOvety ladies of snedleydom )j,nlght knaltal 
sends you hiS loyalty.,d lOvE! 

Horse, happy Valentine's Day to one 01 the best 
"lfInds e\'ef Thanks 10( alwavs being there love, 
Worm 

RICh T S , your name makes the paper once 
agalfl l Have lots of tun snowing and forget AMES I 
- ClRdy 

Cathy , Wendell and Gig I thank you forgIving me 
eJt.ippy valenunes day 10 .... we 

TO THE E AND ONLY HERBIE (bOOm. 
ssch, nch·heII, hee ! j! WILL YOU BE 
V .... LENTlNE? PLE"SE?I?t PROMISE TO AN· 

~ OUR BOOM,BOOMS WITH GREATEST 
HU SM! OH, HOW ABOUT MEETING ME 
ST EYER 5115 I WilL BE lOOKING 

"R TO OUR LIFE TOGETHER IN OAHUI 
OU THERE VALENTIN E AND MAKE IT A 
FflL DAY FOR YOURSELF' MY LOVE (S 
Tt) KEEP FOREVER •• YOUR BEATI I 

"" ~Qulfr~v, SlUdl,; , lOvable BOWles 
I'm tort uring 10 see you and 11~le you 

Your Bundle Baby . SSS. 

besl roomers & Iflends • Love to Danlelle, 
Debra. linda, Danny, David , Gaoll. Jell & RiCk . 
FromWote 

Kim • M~ss you an awlullv lot I'd like 10 see a lot 
more 01 you l Signed, Pol.., Bear 

Eddie Meryckx lhe C7th You make lOVing yOu lhe 
lies I Ihmg In the world Happy V'lentlne ', o.y! 

IIWI 

HAPPY 'V 0 M .... XIMUM JOHN, UNCLE MARK, 
NORTHWIND WINO'i ADOE (OOPS AD) MAN 
AND ALL THOSE UnLE TRITONS! FROM ALL 
OFTHE SAN OIEGUITO MOSQVITOSP fl 1\ I III 

Shef! my dear one whal ~ o u need most Is coming 
soon 10 rela:. .,d enloyl Happy V 0 The 
Masochist 

RaId delilng OUf man II commg loon II noi we 
haY! each Other, tight? Happy Valent~n.llndlngl 0 

Happy Valentines Day Rath., • T .Ihy 

lOrn. 
Be my Valenttne 

LOY. 
Fla h 

SCott.Roses are red . "Ioiel. are blU8 , If .,.our amlll 
)'Ou II clNn the IhOWfJr when your through 

You'" .u Que.ns 'rom the ,.t H.pp)' 'Valentine. 
Dey Itom Ine NuratUt 

Sunshine, Happy ValenHnea o.y, "snottv ~ you 
mean very much 10 me . I guess the real su""'.e II 
hOw muen I REALLY leNe you , 

OuHlPY 

Woody and Jim, Happy V.enUnes o.VI Thought 
you two deserved a Varentlne lor surviving Ihillong 
with two dummies Love , Anna iWld MMY 

To 101_'. tCF) : I'm go<tlnQ Ihod of - .... , 
~y don't you come on 0'I'If7 TMn we can fOIl 
.round Mel cruah a .... Hey , how abOUt .... me 
out to dinner tonight1 I loye you l - M'ke 

To a •• now HeMlflc. How you aur know l\oW to 
1C00000 , H.,py Valentl".a Day. Lo"' , Cwot1)1 , 

CRAIG. MY CHERIE AMOUR, MY LIEBE HERR. 
AND ESPECIAllY MY VALfNTINE, lOllE. YOUR 
flOWER , YOUR ROSE f 

Greg . you' re Iii" mv tit1le colle, and I find I need 
YOUI w.mth more than ..... ; LO¥I. your myltery 
womanl 

- "nd as a bubble s lans small at the bottom of rour 
glasa. Love 100 rises to m_t the ai, " world ." 

Mark' After YOUl mother and quaiS, IIIen , 'II be your 
Valentine . love, Cess 

Marie" Jane ~ I wouldn', mind 2 he..-ts Uke )'ou In 
my hand any 0Im8 . Love, Tracy 

TO allihe t~s on Blake 2 GrlbbbUtl ll1 

To Charlie and Iriend •• I worn lOve you for as Jong 
as I oon'1like pineapple -' Matilda and Iriend 

Sieve . Hefe it is, what you've always been waiting 
lor ! 'iour very own Personal HAPPY 'VALENTINES 
DAY',! I!! 

Vcnan sevol snibbor, t m iss vou. 
hurry back . LoIl8, Klnz. 

VALIS MY VAlENnNE! 

Wouldn 't II be 8 drag If you 
allmony l Just a thOught, well had 10 write 
SOme1hing beSides Happy Valentines Day. LoY'll. 
Charly . 

Wanled .. One nude female model lor blind 
sculptor Ca" Don 452-9740. 

Lex Concerning yesterday. loday . " tomorrow 
Me too! Bul I still want to drop 1598. HVO 
FOREVER 

Bullon· Ha-.;e a happy day. I mls~ you lots hOney 
I LeNa You. ZIPPER 

Honev I'll be wait ing to Vatenhne With you 
Nipple Napper 

V,l - TWin , ha'le extra spec.,1 V·Day, Come up to 
mom's when you want to fool around. Love you , 
CB 

THH , U1618 is no leam like the best leem which Is 
our team nghl he,el He,.'s to New Years 
resOlutions 

Dan , Randy, Dian Happy Valentines Day to 3g18al 
guys I don't get Ihe chance to see thai ollen -lOve, 
Kom 

HI Gorgeous Ooillace Booby Top Nurd Bra inl Ha'le 
ill niee VAlentine I LOVE PUMKIN 

1.11 OUERIOA SUSANA , CI NNAMON GRAHAM, TE 
NECESITO CON TOOO MI CUERPO MI DULCE 
SUDOROUEMA SOY TUVO. C.G. 

Ceilr Mike l;wn yours tor lhe asking , be Iree and 
lake me 'Will take you l Come . lets Ity 3 •• yl 
Happy VOl U:).' e. We 

Oeiir Oon Thanks lor the use of your bed. You 
always come throYgh in the end, Love, Cindy (Joe) 

Pam dlote' , BE mv fflend, II Ie, my love, and BE 
my Valenl,"e You are so be I llul 10 me Always. 
SCott 

Hal happy Valenllnes Dayl 'iou'r 
and yOu can be sure 01 my 1000e 
all the gOOd limes ,we v 
loyother- Love. MalY Kay 

My mylterlQUI straniJIIl!!I!!IIliid".-;;>:¥ 
sat .. whole bo .. 01 GRUWPIES 
t)tueeyM 

GN to the foxiest 10. 00 campus Will you be my 
V,lenllne? .lwrtS your secret pal 

MIQutt, Happy Va lentine's Day coo mucno .more 
Nalhanlet 

Montea J on TIm DT Kevin Jim Pauf John H.ppy 
Valentines Day Ad"enne 

Mon.ca, Colleen" Age Metry Valenllne. Day LO". 
Tim 

Pclut your closel Iflend wtnls 10 wish yOU ,. HIPPY 
Valentines Day III PS II'lings are gona got MIle, 

Jan . 1 really like )'Qu . Words could never oescribe 
IUSI how I feel about you,., so fo rget II. 

Love, Jim 

Debbie, Happy Valentine's o.y , blbuml. I low 
you so much that 11 hurts , I guess I'm hooked; .0 
much for my indeptitOdeoce. 

All hail the Royal Fart l 
salutatIOn s, and more l()'Ie, 
e .. , 

1 cent, 8e M ine tonlgtlll1 

Love, SMuggleS 

Greetings , love, 
Signed the Booter 

TheCaped Frog leg, (allasCryst.1 ) 

Red and Rasty. 
Its been I long year, 
be getting seliOUS. 
Valenlines DaV 

Can you bet ..... 111 We mUlt 
Is Ihls love? Yuch \ Happy 

Tlgger· 
I really Ielt close 
II was nothing spec: 
Of easily explainable. 
Outsiders wouldn't 
Bul 

Happy St . Valentine 's Day 
Mary. Brad - 10 much Aloha . 
colnyl 

I S ,C,S, 

Don 

To my monk · I wuv you Happy Valentines Da.,. 
Forever and aJways your spicy raisin 

LInda - I haven' t seen ya sInce Sat. Bul been 
thlnkin bout ena happy V-day. How long Is the 
line"? Steve 

To hard·on BLVO Wh)' so limp l.teC)'? Be our 
Valentines! Love , HOfney Lane 

Sieve (Mac) - a KISS lor you on Valentlne's 
dayll l 

To the men of se)( Dr , Happy Valent lnel Day WIth 
love Irom two "Lad ies" - LAND 0 

Not lust tor VaJentJnes OllV but Its a gOOCl p lace 
to slaft love y. 

Happy V-day to mom, day. sis, sis, from sis , 
love you bunches , 

Jer·Bear f unny anolher Va lentines DIY is here 
and for the fjrst lime In my life I nave a "whole 
hearl " to experience 11 with. Thanks for Ihe other 
half. I love you . 

To Los Plnou5 - May your Valentine', Day be as 
perfeet as YOUf leam! Your devoted lanl, Lisa &. 
Martha 

To Dunkle-poo! I pove you lassloNUely! Happy 
Valentine's Oily! Chasea 

Tomorrow 
The day all dreams come true 
But we couldn't havelomorrows 
Wlthoul tod.y 
And today I have you 
So lets have many 
Tomorrows 
Tod 

Eg for Anne 

Vd8), all yeer round 
loveGI~1 

Polly- Happy Valentines Day. Enjoyed dinner 2-8 
Immensely lyle 

K-8 occupants {Debbie Inctuded} Happy Valen-
IIOe's Dayl ll 

LOve iIfld Kisses. 
Leufa 

in the 

Teney. Tush (the shaft t You're great. Happy 
Valentines Dav. Love you.l!. J . And S, 

SWell Pea, Keep bringing home the chICken Love 
thOM bte .. talnd Ihlgh • • love 8 1g Lo .... Bunny 

Angle, To the gUI with no lasl name LeIS engeg.,n 
a hllle Hxduct lon Joe 

To .1 01 the sulte-ies In Argo 205-tO, HillJfJY 
Valenilne's Day·we lo¥! ya .. 11<"'8n , Us. 

Hernan HOw ao I Ioye Inee'? l wlsn my talculator 
had KlenttUc no'atfOO ll Heppy Valentlnet 
0., - 5<:001>1, XXX 

FHOU58 Qull , Haopy Vatenlln Day Mlly POOh 

Pum,*-In, I "'now anow bunnys need cokj .. ath" 
SO nexl weekend you'U llnow where we'll be. HOpe 
you can hold on III I tMn . HappyV .D. POD.-' • . 

0.1 Anne. 
There must be 50 way. ," but whO neede lhem . I . 

CIOn 'l l 
low you II_U. OUI 

To K L W 
vvtlen someone loves you from their hII.-t 'or your 
wisdom . wi t . etc ., how come you 1.-. this pet'.an 
up In the alf and show l(Wa to another who il tot lilly 
dltferenl and Is 1000Ing lor looks only? 

From me (guess whoj 

To J8ilnnie Vlleslberg, Shelley H iII·Minchilll, Tom 
Wal sh. carolVn GlockhOtl, carOl Ectoer1on , 
Dmalr.o (I hOpe that 'l right), Lesli. (even though 
she's left already) , Bill Riedel , Mwy Hanger, 
Annika Sallilllpo, Naja " Ik~"'on , Phylli. Helms, 
Mrs. Roden , Pat Oo)'le, Gary SuNI .. n , Pa'rck, 
Chuck , Murr.y , Dave Moore, Daw RlpI.y, en.lie 
and even ge: 
HilPPY entines Day, you sw ... I .. 1 

Low , Jim 

C. 
LOYe, Mr, 1C0(O 

ATLANTIANS IN SUITE 200: 

V is lor the VOLLEYBALL you p'ay so very badiV . 
Is for ALWAYS being In our suite, 

the LEWO things you say. 
the EOG fOO YOUNG you gl't'8 us 

lhe NEVER ENDtHG recorda that you 
..... 

T Is tor the TIME spent in H~L . 
l is tor Ihe IDOl of you eve - Jeremiah 
N is lor the KnightS lhat say " NEE"' 
E Is for lhe EVERGREEN you grow. 
S is lor the SPAGHETTI dlflner thai we shared 

o Is lor lne DROPPING of that easy daas, Math . 
A Is lor ANTAGONIZING papa , 
Y Is lor t he YO-VO'S that you NY8, 

Put Ihem all together and II spellsVD. So have a 
happy VD . 

love and t< isses , Suite 350 

As you lay beside me 
naked in my arms 
conlenl 

l uHilied 
p,otected by Ioye 

whispet'ing your fears 
whispering your 'BillS 

cryH'lg your love 
I realize. honey 

I love yOU 
Ed for Anne 

Ame. I love you very much and everylhin g I 've told 
you hlils been the Iru lh Marry me O-Kay? E F K 

To all my loves Lal'ie , Carin, Kr istin, Beclt , Pam, 
Nea, Mary , Debbie , Sh8f)l1 , liM , Blo and Little 
C.olyn . LiSil . Margo, Jill , Gall , e.-b , Linda and 
any olhers I may haY! missed , Thanks for a greal 
lime You''Ie all showed me there's more m· 
terestlng things todo than studv , 

Happy Valentines Day to all , and lhere Will be a 
dlalt'ling lor . lucky ladles 10f tomorrow n\le. 

I love you ail , TheFOlirth CollegeSlud, 
ScottyWU 

AII 'llailana e I'lppopotfl1\O verde con l iorl, I'.ltra 
bella ragaua e II suo grande Ippopotamo. e I'altre 
ragazze d~ Piano Quarto: Fe4ice glorno di San 
Valent Ino I Con amore, II diavolo carino d4K plano 
Quinto. 

W K,M . l(We gives f\lughl but itselt and takes 
naughl but from llself , LOYe pOllle ... not nor 
would be possessed for 100e Is sullicient unto love 
happy walen tines day love you always, OLR 

AI , Happy Blrthdav/V.anUne's Dey , 
OOOd21st bul dOl"l 't overdo It . Mug 

SunShine , I love you! One In Ch'lst Forever Wen 
Chi 

Gwen ti~e a spa\'t(y Valenllnes' Day Annabel &. 
Ctvlst lne you are Iweet - caren with. C I, in love 
c.ren 

Drf.Guy -- Happy ""entlne' . Clay lJWeWetlady 

KNoomee Calow - Happee V, 0.1 .nd Post 
Valentines birthd • . Eye hope Kyupid ".. a good 
";llt PiQue 

To Amy , Or. Mlmo, "Smll"~. Nancy, c.t. DIn"". 
TIOV Dancet' . Karen, Egg , Jeanie 8roMn Toe., 
Blumo & Deb lhe t<td. The ........ (ott btush) 
gltls of 51h , 61h 37th Tenaya, Happ., V-Day ! 
Hearts' "'Ias&l Frog Man ~WY 

The lun thai you bring Into my life 1';" only'" 
deSCribed as ..... 1 amazing! 

BRIAN THE UON You !TIlly be a Fe»! bul )'ou" 
also • banana and you know hOW I LOVE banlnal 
love , AI 

Jt(I ltoo, Tioga hUMS How dO we 10 .... you7 roll"" 
out eee helf1ln lounge Hugs lind loves THE GIRLS 

Friday. February 13, U7I Page 7 

ft's Valentine's Day Personals! 
Hey Right on mama vou'd beHer be my Val 'or .....is MV C-Happy AnnlYefsary Hope we have m8f1V Ron· Ju st an old laShloneCI Happy V.lentlne's Dav Cara Tanya. Sel un amore. essere mlO valentine 1n Ellen Karen Cathy Alh~n Terl Regan LI58 

these .."ot lons 01 mi". lI.eps hOlding m. from lhe =- more I LV. T because 11oY8 you ! P S WId GOIlalh Clelne Tuo admiral Ole, Leo LInda Jane anti Julie 
uls CD 

"'" Cary Mal·Laguna , MeXICO plus BowlI were Gary Kennedy To know know know you i, to love A B Valentines 91e ICleve" thfU good and bad Here IS a Wish fOI Valel'll'"e, Day 
CGH _ my stanled .yea will .. ,a'Oht ... oulif)lOU ~ wunn«;,'U I. wanna have a baby ton.le" 110 '1'8 u mosl 10'18 love you Wilh lOve from youl Angel Buddle l SO won't you be mine Spike 10 make you leelln ~ Valenhne way 

give up your pillow and be myvalentInIG .D, Chink = -UR Lillie Model Tnat your WIShes and hopes WIll always come lrue 
~ JED and NJC; All my Ioye on Valentine's Oay trom To AlICe and Sha,on Thanks lor being such And lheone you IOvtlwlti atwavs love you 

NIgttUngale, hIPPY ,.Ientlne, daiy ... d happy B- __ Dear Otane Blake 332 I hawt w"ch you lor a long the Other pan at Our " Menage a Trols"?I? wondel'tullflends 10'l8IOOd 
dey to the lOve 0' my life. I love you, Eag le ~ While . you are the one, be my 'Ialenllne. Love John 

~ R639. DENA . Happy V-Day from Ihe SHAVING CREAM 
t;J MONSTER OF PLUTO! Tonlte at high tide! Cubby Heppy VII,ntln.'. o.y IO¥. snook~ 
.... John R Argo 6 Be mV valenlina, you to Doug , 

fo the ten litH. Indl.n, Happy Hunting Love, OlD Love , Calol 
Honey 

...a Blake Will you be mine. my Valentine . Arg 
IIeoI Sull.(~lh TIOGA. : Happy Val 0 1 Thank. for 0 

r-lping & lislenlng to me. & being luch wonderful .... To Julie , Blake 2..a Be alenhne ,om 
";endt , M M. t;J Cinnamln App'e Sauce 

To Liz , Thalia, and G.iI • you'r. the gr •• ltsl .& Eve dovling, you, luv I' alii w 
loomi .. woundl And Isn't It nice to be heidi Mois ~ arms and say you will be my 'Vaa 

Er ic::, MI Amor: I do lOve u more thin u lewe mel I .t::s Sherma n' Hope your birthday Wi' ..... 
won , I won, I wont! Happy Valeniine ', Day l Lo,*"" --e didn' t know you were a MuIr stude 
Nel r:: Argo 520 Cindy ' Will you please 

Kelly Psyc , fA : Happy Valentines Day Sh,plng ~ will cherish you foreve l. LO\Ie alw 
at Work BrI.n ~ 

Jewels, oh darling , I long to hOia you In my arms 
and Wh isper in your eat' , ew yeM.ka , oh you snot! 
Tdo 

.,...,. Mafie Be my Va/enline La 

~FI"sh B 
= BemyV , 

Happy Valentines Day SiSSy. Bunky B , and my ...t:::S ... Hev Ihere 'Vat 
1111Ie Sooble B loving you always, Fonzie 00 Sat fllgh ll Slarl 

To the monlh pylhonetlel Amy, Jill, Lynn , and 
Katherine , Happy V 0 I love . Mati 

H-85 are you mY'laientlne') Lo'ltl ya, K·' 

JPB. you 're the best roomie happy 
bat mitzvah mil. 

JOdyle Hlya . PBGWW cookies lort 
lOve B 

Joe- bhang tha i? 

CO$m. c Kid - you're my on 
Cadet 

To all !he motha s '" argo C3I) 8. c3~ do witn 
what you WIII - I'm yours l(We the (;feepet' 

Since I could not twlOg you roses lor V Day , 'fOur 
birthday and elc,1h1s 'V , Day wish will halle to do 
LN 

You. goodness - hope you enJoyed aliine nights 
on l he bay We sure did . l oW!, Fred , Sam, Charlie 

Nlck lf! - Happy Firs t Wedding Annlve'sary ' 
CUPid , SUfe niliOO me good Here's to t 7 more 
Love. Co,y 

Rabbil - please be my Valenlt ne. Roo Love , YOu' 
kangaroo 

For my Kid , 
Although the miles separate UI lor awhile , 
The lOve we ha'l8'or e.ch other remains slf 
Wev e grown a 101 together. 
LOVing , laughing , expeflenclng the loy tha 
lo otler 
We are unique Indl'ltduals , united by a bo 
and understanamQ 
'iour feelings spark my Inspiration, and y 
love IS my source 0 ' courage . 
Thanks so much fo, shaflng those In 
thoughts. 
and gl'llng me Ihe slrength to help lhose in need 
Kk1 you afe the sunshine of my Ille 

WlIh all m)' lOve, 
YOur Frtend 

Full and Fern 
Hefes 10 your health and haPPiness You re 
fantastic managers 

Hunny Bunny 9 

To Yvonne Goober · Sweetheart , I'll try not to be a 
10Sef II you Iry nol to be a BUB Be my 'Valentine. 
OK? - Michael 

Davem , Oon.ndJay , 
99 pefcent of lhe time V.D II lOt Val entlne's Diy 
¥ld V·g 's Donuts. (Hmt !) 

LoyeAlways, 
Murry & Delli 

Oble, You',. a grelt room .. and I love you ! Happy 
Valentine's Day l 

Love Always , Delli 

LeeW". , 
I love you! Happy Valentine's Oay l 

Lo .... Always . Plchle 

'Mly M s, Schr'lberl C.n'1 you SloP Ilughlng? Art 
lhe Gods .1 PIa~? We're e.perlencing Ihe Pow ... of 
theIr resonaul 1IIIIneas, All 10 you . Love and 
Peace. Chris 

Wendy - You could ~ our Valenllne, but you·r. 
already taken , lHlT lm') Oble ... SlcE 

Janie · To thln~ lhe world was graced wilh one 
suCh as you 21 y .. rs ego ! And you wrecked it &. 
beQme an AMES majOf. Siudy h.rd Ihl. WMlklnd 
& hope it rl .ns or YOu'll get .,.et 

To all the girls In Sui'. 300 Sue. Ann. , Tom. 
lauri • • Mlrgle, Yec;..Vao , & Chns (ex, • Happy 
Va lentine 's o.v , ,,& M 

K.. Your dlOn~fl Are yummy but your 
crummy RtlIISjuslllkene.-,en. 

I know abOut you and Norm OUI witl you 
be my Valentine?! Love, Becky 

I want the workj to know Ihal I Jove you 
'iou'te my every th ing and everything IS beautvful - • 
B 

LeIs make a deal 

as, we gt'le up No mOtEt banana warfate or 
wo III be IOfCed to use the ult imate weapon 
H py VOay 

I vlshuayehappleV-OaV . BYle , 

NICk I believe I have fallen in love forEroler, Happy 
Valenlmes DaV. Love Colleen 

H,O., Happy Valentine's Day Sweetheart I 1 miss 
ou Wi sh we were spending It toge lh&r . Maybe 

later LOVE. H 0 

Bma MUSlio.al , you grow sweel ... by the dily and 
finer bV Ihe night. Happv VaJent Day . Love 
and kiSses. Ewle 

Neel. C'man and SQueez mt!!'f:~tI ... 
love wllh you Mike 

Fish - First there was one, lhen 
Ihree17 Happy 11 mont 
you. Blue Whale 

Super SOntC Timmons 
dance on Ihe moon With me? 

Ralphle • Member when yOll said we wel .... oonna 
f'xcnange presenlS for 'Valenllne's Day? already 
'\aYe one for vOU " XXOO The Wile" 

JOSEPH Te arno coo catazan , looa m l vi 
hance, Les lie 

Ram KId .5 Cookie 
Midnight Rambler 

To M'Lady , you'r8'my lavorUe CAR 
Signed SILLY WAB811 

CONAAD. I'd like 10 " lock" ar 
Valentine! A Augger Hugger 

M'lady keep munc; ll ing 
Perber1 ! 

To J, Feehan 01 Feehan's Follies - When you walk 
in lo Burger.King , I sizzle Ii~e a burn l frenCh 'ry 
The M YI&tryWoman 

To my Thomas. 
Wilh love and lOIS 01 allen lion on the cay maCI e us 
one, 

LO'le, Your Cath ...... 

HI Honey 
In conclus \O"'I, I tOvlt" )'w. and I am 10 htpp'y you 

love me HaPP'fYal tr,.l oa , 
YOU(hU 

BOIlnte · Hope we can Imally goon OUrllrst SI\I hlp 
logelher Happy'V·aayl Jet" 

o 
Happy Birthday 

and 
V:itentine's o.y 

Ana rchlsls do-:"tt Louder 

"'lith Lo'/{) 0 

Happ~ Valentines day- It) the Hoty'iaoemacJe Silent 
Smgers De'llant . Rut, Alai , R~ble. A ...... d 
GloundwOfk co llect l'le Chlcl , Roberto, Randy 
Bllan L.ana Wobbiles Leufl , Dar.o Ron Wood 
Ana rchlsl FrtendS Greg . PIerette, Jane, LIsa 
Leslie Eillabeth, Shefle. M11\8 , Ste.,., Larry, Tony. 
F,ank , John I .u-- -,our V ..... 

CraIg Armllrono .. Whatever you w~nt l Randy 

Sea-hue"'le ~BabV I love 'fOur way, want 10 be 
with you nigh t and day. ~ (I even love you more than 
Swenson's ICe cream and my baby car ,l ey the way 
Will you be my Valenhne" LoW! and t.,ISWS Me 

Dear Bob I'm ove, my head (BUI It sure leets 
mce l) t can'l Willi unl ll you know when ! (CSU wil l 
ne'ler seem the same) I m.ss you I ml" you I 10'18 
you I lOve you With love hom your La JOlla IOvel.,. 

Sweella'" - hey 'Vatent lne Girl, I tove you Sleepy 
Curl 

Lelf.or Flelf.or I &dore yvur body Come and be my 
10'le cup Marguc"te 

Ellen V,entme Too much sex IS n01 healthy 
even lor you hapPY Valentine s Day Kelthy the punk 

At 01 tu I ' Ide the waves wnh you Be my 
d SU(r. -up Sarah 

CandlS - Happy Valenlines Day from two ad· 
mlrers ScOIl afll't tl 

Tlggm - I ore you' bounce - Will you be my 
nun V'" HVDI P n 

~e evte and R 8.sl WiSheS lOr V 0 Good 
peop IJke you mak ,.ales OK We'll ace thaI 
etas. Dave 

Hey P y magic? Combs thai only work In 
lhe IOOrnlng? Sure wh y noP Happy V And a·Day l 
LO'leSue 

S not look. back In angel nor forward In fear , 
t . ouOd in awareness TE and ~ 4. f'I!"-tA.I to 

TJB 

To Jul~ B who ~lawav 
We hOpe that Y '1I1etum someday 
Our hearts we • sad when you wenl back 
We shed a r, alas. alack 

Bul now • e sun shines blight agcun , 
The la(,' s letl Ihese hearts of men 
Cte S()fIOW, clean of woe 
We h pe we all remain you' ero 

The Bros at Drioke 

. 
g 10rev8f O'lef l iS bn 
and taIling 
g "'P. SDewlng Out 

tnlO ugly shado'14 
leh was once set' 
t SO much like t 
and placid 

Bul Ihen, you, gone 
11m failing . 1811100 
TWISltng and turning 
Into the pool at ccnluSI 
The storms 01 lonehness 
I cry ouller your louch 
The touch that Will calm my ShaMered .. .,. 
A nd you are lhale 
"'1'd1no me 

ssutlng me 
IIlog me back,.on my way 

Changed a little. perhaps 
BUI calm and peaceful once mOr~ 

Deal Roper. 

Rtbl)etl 

A rare and speCial human being 10 my d.lghl 
I'm cons tanlly seeIng JOking laugtll , 
SludYIOQ, eallng Dulling a orank sudden 
l teemg Gotta go now don 1 gel shookltl come 
up later for a fOrtune cootue 
Happy Valentl"le 5 Day I 

Loye, Kanyee 

t<AH'feE wlln ewe az my 'fiend, aye whish tymt 
wood nevur et)d Hap! VB ltntyn@l. Dae Lu'l ewe 

wi R , T Tlnhorn 
P S remembu IS· ... VIS 

That I 

ThOugh II may seem on VSlenlmes Day 
1hat the ones you lo~ are so lat away 
'iou 51111 h ..... e lhe 60'018 01 YOUI vet'y own sell 
Which r3(ilates oul 10 eWlt)~ne else 

So dOn t be down 
000 I be blue 
For lne one you IoYe 
Will al50 1O'Ie you 

So on Valentines Day be espeCially kina 
To the love ~ou recel'l9don 't be blind 
And know that your Iflends are not only kind 
But Huly lOve you when lhey say Be Mine 

With Loye Dave 

TO JeanIe 
I d lal\e you 10 Europe, but 1m a httle St'tort on 
ca'" 
So I guess we It se ttle lor Nelt YounQ & Turkish 
Hash 
1m SI()6..ed w.th Ihe Album you gi,ve to me. 
YOu 'Ie stolen my heart m Ihe lust degree 
Smce I tOOk you to !nal noCitey qame 
Thlscountry·boy lust alflilhe sOlme 
Now I m not sule «hat to do 
hOpe yOu leel lhe same I m stoked on you I 

LoW! Oa'lld 

ChrIS K W Tnanlt lor the mall durmg l(·mas 
You 're a Yer,; ntceQUV GOOd Iflendsl Theone¥olho 
SINGSJOJO 

AICh I ve gOI l he nots lor you l Can I play Juliet 10 
your Romeo" An aflecllonale uncJet oraduate 

C.ndy G SlOP your nerdlflQ for lust long enough to 
be our ValentIne R·3 Lover you Happy Ne'oIt· Ye¥sf 

Noel EscheWing lhe Rornanll's We find lhe lee1JnQ 
Shit th~el All our 1000e loday and alway, A·3 

tcRISTEN . WEND'i . ANNE , JENNIFER SHAUNA 
SARA . BE CKY SUE JOAN HURT ME ·· BAD 

LOVE TENNESeE •• JMT 

LaUII, You If' a beaul,lul perSOn Hacpy V·Da)' 
sweets 1 lollP XXX sand e'lImytthng else. OOuQ 

Jill Lei uS ha'le lunCh O f dlnne' sometlme l Calt 
Me' 

TomS 

1.1 -
IIOI/@ yOlif lell ear 100 

,J 

Gal)' SO ...,nal II my nand was the Ilfsl You, 
, s are Ql'lIlf'Ig slOw In yOUI Old age Happy 
Valen""" Oay Killen 

TO the Balao Kit:::! 1m Dehydrallng' Helpl 

Roses ate red 
Bul tnorns can stIck 
II you love tallers 
YOu better molle 
QUiCk I 

TRl 

Joann My Flower . You ·nl 1I11111es my ectIe-
f'Cke Relie_ acllon HOI 51 (SIC) IS ahead 
l O'le Marc 

FII SI Kick 
I can I live wllhOut you lor ethan 3 weeks See 
you Marcn 9 MarCh JO etc 
Brlflg your own SUD Diles 

DlllyCnm 

To atl '" Ap ~ IS 61 
Haooy va .. oI lnes 

P S "you haven t pass U",I 6 please drop by 
loday" ·l AS 

SPil a man t\ has 1¥eO In rT'any hOuses Wilhout 
callmg one horne., fm commlng home Yage, 
KID 

Sue '~s ij y man neros h,S Kenluc.ky woman I 
(:time 0\1 t and pla~ me unhl IhE' morn'nq~l(je We 
Wilt travel down B'ooklen IOad5logelhf'f 

Slqnca CAPTIAN SUNSHINE 

SEX DRIVE: You re alt gre.al to I."of' with' Love 
VIFIGINIT'f LANE 

To the LII!!e DeVils 0 1 Tenava 2 Happy VO Re'lelle 
N",d 

JEFF Happy V.lentme s Dav' Th4l~S lor the 
ItOY¥ef' your coocern & comlort, t. betng a Qleat 
fflend M M 

IS 8 FRAN C You IS da lovl",st couple I ellef 
SC You IS JUSI like laurel & HatdV Happy'VD 

HUGGV B 
I LL TAl' 
MAMMOTH I f 

HoneyChild 
t<eep Cooi 

'Vlliln 8VIMV 

All Moas & Woas 
tn , Happy Val o.y 10 

1 Ben 

Arch 

D...,e, Jon Charlie & Jim Happ .entmet Dav' 
WIth love 10m your sUllellll1e SIS 

To the da~hlOg genls 01 me HY "" Barret CO 
Happy He vIS Davl Wl lh "mle, 
Marh 

3 



hie I 

-..J ...... ule Favors Tritons 
aveEiaeD 
sEdltor 

Despite a :J;-point loss at the 
hands of de v'astating Cal Baptist 
Tuesday night, UC San Diego's 
varsity bask~tball team appears to 
have the advantage in a race for 
Second place this season- and a 
spot in the play-offs. 

LEAGUE STANDINGS 
Te..wl WL 
Cal Baptist 70 
UCSD 3 3 
USIU 3 3 
Azusa Pacif ic 33 
POint Loma 34 
Pac, Christian 06 

TWo factors, both involving 
scheduling, are in the Tritons' 
favor, as the team battles for 
second in the NAIA District 3 
Southern Division. 

Most important ,UCSD is done 
with Cal Baptist, losing twice, 87~1 
and 102~. The two other teams 
involved in the conference logjam, 
USIU and Azusa Pacific, each 
meet the league leaders once 
more. Point Loma is done with Cal 
Baptist, but also has four con-
ference losses. 

The Tritons also own the home 
court advantage, playing in the 
UCSD main gym three of the 
remaining four games. The three 
games are against the contenders, 
Azusa tomorrow night, Point Lorna 
Tuesday, and USIU a week from 
Tuesday. 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 
DICK RAKOW 281-4586 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

come and hear 
Dr. John Wight, D.O. 

on 
'Using Science 

~f Mind for 
Spiritual 

Unfoldment' 
This Sunday 10:45am 

715 Silverado 
La Jolla 

Point Loma pulled an impor;tant 
upset, 57-52, over USIU Tuesday to 
keep themselves in the com-
petition. USIU, once undefeated, 
has dropped three straight league 
matches. . 

Tomorrow night's encounter, 
with an 8 pm tip-off, could knock 
one team nearly out of the play~ff 
picture. The Tritons lost an earlier 
meeting, 7~9, at Azusa Pacific. 
UCSD, at 10-12, owns a better 
overall record than Azusa (9-14). 

Triton guard Mallory Mitchell 
has set the new career assist 

record at U~D, with 2:>4. Steve 
Kircher. with 244. held the old 
mark. Mitchell should break the 
season assist mark of 130, which he 
shares with Kircher, sometime 
tomorrow night. 

In the latest NAIA statistics, 
UCSD ranks seventh in the District 
3 with a scoring average of 78.3 per 
game, and is sixth in field goal 
percentage, at 49.6. Mitchell is 
fourth in scoring (19.3) and third in 
assists (6.0), while guard Bart 
Bradley is seventh in assists, at 4.2. 

Assorted Sports Scene 
A WSDO, Basketball 
Classic, UCLA Sign-ups 

The Andy Williams San Diego 
Open, a Basketball Classic, and 
sign-ups for a trip to UCLA's 
Pauley Pavillion highlight the 
sports scene this weekend. 

At nearby Torrey Pines golf 
course, the annual golf show is well 
under way. The first round was 
yesterday, with play continuing 
today , and the final rounds 
Saturday and Sunday. 

Ben Crenshaw dropped out of the 
AWSOO, presumably because of 
pressure. He was predicted as the 
eventual winner in last week's 
Triton Times. 

The championship of the first 
annual Intercollege Basketball 
Classic is tomorrow night, 

CHARTERS 
SAVE UP TO SO"lo in '76 

ROPE from'299 * 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 wks. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 915 Fiights but: 
LIMITED SEATS on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 

0 ... ('_II ,,~ ,. _II. 
291-8141 

Mlllion Volley-EqUitable Bldg 
1333 Camino del Rio South 

S.D .. CA 92108 
• Minimum fare which rilel de-

on dote & length of flite. 

following the varsity game bet-
ween UCSD and Azusa Pacific. The 
finals pit Muir against Revelle, 
which had already eliminated 
Third and Fourth Colleges. 

The winner gets the perpetual 
Chancellor'S Cup. The match-Up, in 
the main gym, will begin at a~ 
proximately 9:45 pm. 

A group of UCSD fans have 
scheduled a trip to Pauley 
Pavillion Thursday, Feb. 19. They 
will see the battle between UCSD 
and UCLA's junior varsitys. 
Following that will be the varsity 
game between UCLA and Oregon 
State. 

Total price for the bus ride and 
the ticket is a mere $5, and the bus 
will leave Urey Hall at 3 pm. 
Deadline for sign-ups are today, in 
the ree gym office. More in-
formation can be acquired by 
ca lling 452-4037. 

Erratum 
In its Feb. 11 story on SBI, the 

Triton Times reported that San 
Diego CalPIRG was taking part in 
the petition drive opposing the bill. 
Alan Kremen of the UC San Diego 
CaIPIRG told the Triton Times 
that if there were members of 
CaIPIRG supporting the petition 
drive, they were doing so as in-
dividuals. 

CaIPIRG, said Kremen, does not 
take part in political activities. 

The Triton Times regrets the 
error. 

Blondie Johnson 

Casablanca ( 

To Have and Have Not (10· 
w/Bogart & Baca 

FrIda" JI'eInary II, 1171 

oFFENSiVE 
Scott Sadil 

Olympic Fun 
INNSBUCK- Pound the timpani! Blow those trumpets! Light the torch 

and let fly with the pigeons! The XII Winter Olympic Games, full steam 
ahead! 

Ah, this warm Austrian tea is just what I need. Finally alone, my chalet 
quiet at last. How calm and peaceful and serene those magnificent 
mountains. Such a contrast from my stay here. Running all over the 
Tyrolean Alps. Up to Patscherkifel. Back to Bergisel. To Axamer ilium, 
The Olympic Village. 

With the contestants. ABC armouncers. Judges. Jet-setgodesses. 
"Danke, fraulein." 
But for now, a nip of schnapps and a short relaxing nap. I can only take 

so much. 
While I was still in the States I kept hearing ABC's Jim McKay ad-

vertise this thing as "The Next Meeting Of The World!" So I arrived in 
Austria and asked around for my friend, Lee Ching, the fine figure-skater 
from the Peking Ice Skating Club. I was told the Chinese did not receive 
an invitation to the party. Some world meeting. 

In fact, whose world was McKay talking about? I thought the world was 
made up of different colored people. But not here. If it wasn't for all the 
snow and t~ mountains you w~ld think I was still in La Jolla. 

The flu ,- 'has hit. Sickness runs rampant. it is reaching epidemic 
proportions. Twenty per-cent of the athletes are stricken. 

I have been polling the contestants to determine what they feel is the 
cause of the widespread illness. 

Latest results: Forty per-cent believe it is a bacteria-sabotage plot by 
the Russians that got out of hand. Forty per-cent believe it is a bacteri-
sabotage plot by the Americans that got out of hand. Twenty per-cent 
believe it is venereal disease. 

I interviewed world champion skier Gustavo Thoeni of Italy im-
mediately after his slow second run in the giant slalom that dropped him 
from the lead down to fourth place. (Tboeni is from an area In the Italian 
Alps where German is spoken. His coach served as an interpretter.) 

SS: Gustavo, do you think the fact that you just totally blew it and did 
not get a medal will in any way decrease the reported $250,000 a year you 
have been illegally receiving under the table from your sponsors? 

Thoeni: Geh zum Teufel, Ami! Du bist ein Archloch! 
Coach: He says that he does not understand the question, but he would 

like to thank you and all other Americans for being so nice to him. 
The most impressive line-up I have seen of the participants in these 

Olympic Games is the one listing ABC's sponsors for their television 
broadcast. 

General Electric. GM. mM. Metropolitan Life. Weyerhauser. Kodak. 
Goodyear ... 

Chris Schenkel showed me this list of corporations-sponsors. He carries 
it around so he can remember who to be nice to. 

I went up to Igls where the bobsled-luge run is. I had been invited to 
take a trip down the run with Jackie Stewart. Jackie chickened out. What 
do you expect from a one time world champion Grand Prix race car 
driver? I borrowed a luge and went down by myself. 

My time broke the Olympic recor~ but I failed the doping test and was 
disqualified. It must have been those nose drops I have been using to 
soothe my sore nostrils. 

Pierre Salinger came by yesterday to do a filmed interview of me for 
the "Man-About-Innsbruck" specials he is taping for ABC. During the 
filming I asked Salinger whey the hell when he was Kennedy's press 
secretary he didn't tell anyone that JFK was fucking all those sexy 
broads. 

Pierre got pissed and called off the interview. 

"Oh, hello Miss Mittermaier. Is it that time already? ... No, I was just 
resting. Congratulations on winning your second gold medal. Couldn't 
have happened to a nicer girl... No, you can keep this one to wear around 
for a couple of days. Your credit is good. Now let's see. You have one 
more race? This should be plenty... Your welcome. Good luck ! 
Remember to send your friends! " 

Ski gam 
STUDENT 
REGENT 

Applications are now being taken In Student 
Organizations office for the posllion of 
Student RI'gent. The person chosen will 
become a member of the Board of Regents , 

All currently enrolled students. who wll 
attend a UC campus next year. are encourged 
10 apply_ Time commitment and expertise I 
tat_Ide Unlyerslty Issu.. a ffec tin 
tudents will be a major criterion . Thes 

'ssues include, but are not limited to . 
financial ald. InstruclioNI Improvement , 
student servlcH . afflrmatl". eetlan and 
legislalion and/or camp'" regulation 
concerning student rights, 

Application deldllne II Fib. 20. Applicant 
will be screened by Iwo regional nominating 
commissions . compoled o. an un 
dergraduate and gr .. uate student cholen by 
nth senete or Ie9lllati". council. Studenl 
Interested In serving on !he .. commilalOni 
should allO plc:ll up application. at Stude 
Organlzatl_ Olllee 2nd FI_ Nort 
Student Center. The deadllne.or commllalo 
",pllcatlona II Feb. S. 

-


