
Reg Fee 
Increase 
Expected 

by Mike Scarano 
Staff Writer 

Pending the expected approval 
of the Regents, the student 
registration fee will finally be 
raised from $60 to $80 in the early 
part of the 1977-78 academic year, 
Vice-chancellor and Dean of 
Student Affairs George Murphy 
said last week. . 

The increase was proposed to UC 
President David Saxon by the 
Advisory Corrunittee on Student 
Fee P rograms " and Chancellor 
McElroy, and will be presented to 
the Regents for approval next 
September. If approved, the in-
crease would not b4: effective until 
the following September or 

One of the cars featured in a quasi art exhibition on Revelle 
plaza last week. Kent Schwitkis and Larry Ra id transformed 
the car into art to illustrate that there's no difference bet-
ween art and life-- it's all a game. (TT Photo : Nathan Meyers) 

October. 

"Calmer Waters" Ahead for 
Economy, Says Heller 

Inflationary costs and leveling 
enrollment have pushed the fee to by Vera M. L Todorov 
the limit for the current year, and Staff Writer 
the continuation of current Walter Heller, Chairman of the 
programs and services will run up Council of Economic Advisors to 
a deficit of $300,000 or more, stated Presidents Kennedy and Johnson, 
Murphy. expressed optimism about the 

The proposed increase would American economy in a lecture at 
relieve the funding crunch for at the Mandeville Auditoriwn last 
least four or five years . Surpluses Thursday night. 
of the funds in the first few years of He stated that " the 1976 economy 
the increase would be stored in a is no laughing matter." Even 
reserve fund to be used in later though the stock market has gone 
years, when increased C08ts would up by 15 points, there are nine-
presumably overburden incoming million people unemployed, and 
fees. By planning increases on a factories are working at 72 percent 
four or five year cycle in this way, of their capacity . 
funds can be made to last until Heller sees hope for the economy 
students and the Regents are because President Ford bowed to 
willing to tolerate another raise in pressure in legislating oil price 
the fees. decontrols, New York aid and a 

Another proposal in the planning lowering of prime interest rates. 
stage for coming years is a Capital This stimulated the economy 
Outlay Fee, said Murphy. This fee enough to br ing high Christmas 
would eliminate pressure on the sales, an additional rise in the 
Student Center Fee, which is the stock market, and a rise in in-
lowest in the system at $6 per dustry. 
student. At the present time, the Calmer Waters 
fee is able to cover the cost of Even though economists say the 
operating Steps I aJ;Kl II for the recession ended in April, the 
Student Center. An additional majority of Americans can still 
Capital Outlay Fee would make feel its inflationary effects. Heller 
possible the construction of ad- thinks Vlat " under a troubled 
ditional recreational facilities. surface," as exemplified by the W. 
Murphy said that considerable C. Grant bankruptcy, "flow much 

~tudent input will be. sought on the calmer waters." 
Idea. Banks a nd savings and loan 

COOp Votes to ' Establish 
Traditional Lobby Annex 

In wha.t was described as "an incredible power play," the Student 
Cooperatlve (Coop) voted Monday night to re-establish the traditional 
form of the UC Student Lobby Arma at UC San Diego. 

UMC~D Student Lobby Annex Coordinetora Steve Switala and 
81a M cGehee. 

The pr'eaent annex, under the leadership of Steve Switala and Mala 
McGehee, hal been concerned with the abolishment of the Student Body 

~:ident'l Council (SBPC), the group that makes the poUey of the 
ent Lobby. The preaent annex hal alao refused to send an Ultern to 

Continued 011 Pace' 
. , "It, """" 

corporations were in a difficult 
position one year ago, but are 
strengthening steadily. 

Heller sees no commodity 
shortages in the future because 
there is no terrible inflation in 
sight, and no oil and food shortages 
worldwide. 

Corporate profits reached a 
postwar low of eight percent two 
years ago, but skyrocketed during 
the s cond quarter of last year. 
Heller projects corporate profits at 
104 to 105 billion dollars this year, 
which will add to the 75 percent 
explosion of profits already 
registered. 

U S May Plunge 
Heller says that if Congress 

doesn't repair Ford's.budget and if 
the Federal Reserve raises in-
terest rates, the U S may plunge 
into recession again. Almost no 
impact would be felt before the 
1976 election. 

Heller believes that the Ford 
budget, which he nicknames " the 
1977 Ford Economy Model 
Budget," is too restrictive. Ford 
cut $ 25 million in resources 
and cut income tax while in-
creasing the payroll tax for Social 
Security. Heller says that this is 
the wrong alternative because " the 
payroll tax bankruptcy is a hoax ," 
even though it may be a problem in 
the future. 

Bad-Mouthing Economy 
Heller expressed concern about 

misguided information and bad-
mouthing of the economy to the 
public. He says that two myths 
about the economy are the rise in 
government expenditures and a 
fear of huge numbers when 
speaking of the Gro s National 
Product (GNP). Heller says that 
there has been no rise in govern-
ment expenditures in 20 years in 
proportion to the GNP. The GNP 
has risen from $ 195 trillion to 
$ 1695 trillion because in-
nation has ballooned the e figures . 
Heller calls the nation's fear of 
these figures " Fiscal A rophobia" 
and advises the public not to be 
afraid of them. 

Heller thinks that economic 
policies discussed during the 1976 
election campaigns will be con· 
fusing to the voter. Low I vel 
recovery and upward dir ction will 
be the major economic policies 
that voters should try to un-
derstand. The Democrats will 
stress low levels of economic ae-

. tivity, like the fact that the US is 
below its power and labor 
capacity, and the Republicans will 
stress the upward direction of the 
economy and new expansion . 

Whitehill Identifies Six 
In Saxon Hearings 

by Mark Stadler McGehee and Zamudio as taking 
News Editor part in the demonstration against 

After two days of testimony in Saxon after students became 
the disciplinary hearings for ten dissatisfied with his answers 10 
students charged in connection questions about CIA connectior.s 
with the Nov. 25 demonstration, with UC. 
Hearing Officer l{obert Lugannani Whitehill said the six link j 
has heard Deputy Vice-chancellor arms to impede Saxon's progrers 
of Student Affairs Rick Whitehill during his walk from Revelle to 
identify six students whom he says Matthews. 
violated University regulations. In cross-examination, Schty 

In addition, Lugannani probed Whitehill 's feelings abol t 
yesterday heard Chancellor the Anti-CIA Coalition, a group the 
McElroy say there was no pressure charged students belong to, am: rus 
fom President Saxon, the focal Continued on Page 5 
point of the demonstration, to bring St d t 
disciplinary action against the U ens 
students. • 

Testimony Monday and Tuesday Ro se S rt pr~ceeded an expected appearance U Up po 
thlS afternoon by Saxon. 

Establish Guilt t P I R' , During th~ hearings thus far in a aza a V 
the recrealton gym conference • 

Defense Peter 
Schey 
room, UC counsel Milton Gordon 
has ~ttempted through Whitehill, 
the ranking member of the student 
affairs staff present that day, to 
establish the guilt of the students. 

Vice-chancellor for student 
Affairs George Murphy was off-
campus Nov. 25. 

At the same time, students' 
attorney Peter Schey has tried to 
reveal preestablished ad-
ministrative biases about students 
they later charged, and possible 
administrative incompetence in 
handling the event that could have 
caused the students to react as 
they did. 

The students, identified Monday 
for the first time, are Marc Fan-
non, Geo.·ge Katsiaficas, Marco 
LiMandri, Cookie Mahoney, Maia 
McGehee, Robert Norberg, Ruth 
Marie Quirk, Steve Switala, Tomas 
Calderon and Victor Zamudio. 

The students are charged with 
failure to comply with directions 
from University officials, resisting 
a university official performing his 
duties and endangering a person's 
health and safety. All the alleged 
offenses occurred during a 20-
minute walk from USB 2622 to 
Matthews campus. 

Whitehill, the University's first 
witness, was on the stand for more 
than elght hours over the two-day 
period. He identified LiMandri, 
Mahoney, Switala, Katsiaficas, 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

Before a crowd of 300 at the 
Revelle plaza Monday aftern(J()n, 
10 students appeared with their 
lawyers to rouse support for tht!ir 
case . which is currently beil.g 
discussed in disciplinary hearin~ ;. 
Th 10 students are charged wi h 

, violations of campus regulatiol s 
during UC President DaVId 
Saxon's visit to UC an Diego n 

ovemb r . 
At the rally, Cookie Mahoney, 

one of the students charged in the 
current hearings, gave a brief 
history of the CIA involvement at 
UCSD which led to the formation 
of the Anti-CIA Coalition on 
campus. She said that the coalition 
was formed to educate and 
mobilize the campus community 
against CIA presence on campus. 

She said that CIA presence on 
campus gives further proof that 
UCSD is a political and economic 
tool of the military, the govern-
ment and big business. 

Mahoney contends that Saxon is 
using the hearings as a method of 
stopping students from getting 
involved in campus political 
issues. 

Peter Schey, one of the attorneys 
for the 10 students, called UC 0 
Chancellor McElroy and UCSD 
administrators " a bunch of 
lackey" for th ir handling of the 
h aring process. 

Rare App arance 
". tude~ts have a right to expre 

th Ir feehngs when the President 
of U make one of his rare ap-
pearances at UCSD," Schey aid. 
" If Saxon expects to take a walk 
around campus alone , then he is 
crazy." 

Sch y also criticized the UC 
Reg nt's investment policy. 

Herbert chiller, a U SO 
communication profe or, r ad a 
sta tem nt of support by 40 faculty 
memb r in support of the tud nts 
charged . He al 0 called for the 
severing of U 0 tie with th 

lAo 
ontinu d on Page 8 

ERA Debate Scheduled 
The pros and cons of the proposed Equal Rights Amendment will be 

the subject of a debate tonight at a pm in the He cafeteria. 
Judy DiGennarro, an attorney who favors the ERA and lUta Miller 

a member of the San Diego Stop ERA movement, will be the featured 
speakers. Kirstie Wilde, a newscaster from Channel 10 will moderate 
the event. 

The UC San Diego Feminist Coalition, who is sponsoring the debate 
said that "It is hoped that the informative nature of the debate wui 
arouse interest and support for the ERA at U~." 

h • . . 



Pap I l rllon f"1IIl'8 

Open Letter to Lugannani. .. 
Dear Prof ~SS9r Lugamani: guarantee open hearirigs. As of this 

writing it appears such a fun-
damental right has been violated. 
The GSC notes the conspicuous 
absence of the GSU and MECHA. 

The GSC feels an obligation to 
fellow-students to ' attend the 
hearings, but it does so under 
protest because the hearings are 

not turly open . The GSC 
specifically requests that you 
reconsider your previous format 
and revise it to provide for the 
truly open hearing required by 
campus regulations. 

MIKE ELCAN, CliAm 
GRADUATE STUDENT 

COUNCIL 

The Gruduale Student Council 
(GSC) has received your request of 
Jan. 12, lS76, to send " observers" 
to the " open" disciplinary 
hearings. The GSC has carefully 
reviewed your proposed fonnat for 
the hearings and finds it wanting in 
two important particulars, both 
dealing with the students' right to a 
truly open hearing. 

The GSC can find no subslantial • • • And to Brown 
reason for limiting direct, first- Otis Watson the student representative on the Regent selection 
hand infonnation from the hearing committee ha; sent the following letter to Gov. Brown: 
only to the special few who could be ' 
physicaUy present in the small Dear Governor Brown:. . . 
hearing room. Both audio and As a member of your AdVISOry Committee on the Selection of Regents 
video signals can be transmitted of th~ University .of California, I ~~uld li.ke t? suggest that you strongly 
unobtrusively (as we know all too conSider the appomtment of a qualified mmorlty t~ the B~rd. 
well) to another room large enough As an .activist for "cross-cultu~al representatio~" WJthm the state of 
to accommodate all who wish to Californla, I am sure that you will agree that the time has come for af-
view the proceedings. finnative action implementation to take its course o~ the Board of 

Regents. . . ... . 
Subsection (e) of Article IX, SectIon 9 of the California ConstitutIon 

Furthermore, the regulations states: "Regents shall be able persons broadly reflective of the 
governing the hearings specifically economic, cultural and social diversity of the State, including ethnic 
require that a tape recording be minorities and women." Looking at the present make-up of the Board of 
made and that the recording be Regents, there are many individuals within the UC system that could 
made available to the student. argue the point of constitutionality, in regar~ to ~e B?~. 
Such a recording might be sub- Today, as opposed to 108 years ago, ethmc mmontIes are very well 
stituted for alive broadcast under represented on all nine campuses of the University of California. 
special circumstances, but cer- Realizing this fact, one can clearly see that the "reflection of the State" 
tainly a transcript which sees has changed substantially. In considering your two appointees, I ask that 
limited circulation cannot satisfy you weigh this suggestion to the ulmost. 
tht. requirements of a truly open Your concurrance with the above matter would be greatly appreciated 
hearing. by the minority students oftlle University of California. 

OTIS WATSON 
STUDENT REPRESENT ATIVE ON THE COMMITTEE 

ADVISORY TO THE GOVERNOR 
ON THE SELECTION OF REGENTS 

TIe students also should be 
alIo\ 'ed to specify which groups 
the)' wish to be present to 

Revelle Student-Faculty Lunch 
Program Succumbs to Apathy 

This letter is to inform you and 
your readers of the death of the 
Revelle Student-Faculty Lunch 
Program. 

teraction between faculty and 
students at this school, and yet a 
program to help remedy this 
problem is killed by apathy. 

Enthusiasm has been tried and 
dashed; perhaps cynicism is the 
most practical course. 

NICHOLAS PAPADOPOULOS 
I created the program last term 

to make informal interaction 
between faculty and students 
easier by providing a non 
threatening environment for 
discourse. Hardly anyone has 
come. Attendance at the last few 
meetings has been so dismal that I 
am forced to declare death. 

The Triton Times itself has not 
been helpful in promoting the 
success of this program. I sent in a 
News-in-Brief which was promptly 
(?) published two issues after 
submitted, in a slaughtered form. 
After protesting this shabby 
treatment I was promised a 
reporter to cover the proceedings. 
Said reporter appeared, asked 
questions, informed me that a 
story would be published. A story 
was never published. 

As a last resort, I attempted to 
put the pertinent details in the 
weekly announcements . This 
scheme worked once; apparently 
the powers that be caught drift of 
my subversive intentions and 
promptly slaughtered the an-
nouncements. 

I am surprised, shocked and 
discour[ged at the program's 
failure. ?eople seem to universally 
decry \ he lack of informal in-

Calculators Clear the Way for Concepts 
I can t resist writing a comment about the article 

"Calcu ators : No Fun" by Debora Weber (TI, Feb. 
20). It lS true that learning math consists mainly in 
unders:.anding concepts rather than learning to 
perforn operations. In this sense, " old math" never 
attempted to teach math at all. "New math" failed 
primarily because it was turned over to tea'chers 
educated in "old math". . .it was taught with the 
attitude: "OK, if you'd rather I had kids memorize 
that addition is commutative' and associative than 
have them memorize 6 x 7 42, I'll do that !" 

With the advent of ch ap calculators, perhaps it is 
no longer so important that people be able to add, 
subtract, multiply and divide quickly. Being able to 

perform these operations with pencil and paper is no 
..more a prerequisite to understanding concepts than 
being able to carve a goose quill into a pen is a 
prerequisite to learning to write . 

Perhaps calculators will enable teachers to spend 
more time on concepts than on operations. Whether 
you think this will actually occur or not depends on 
whether you are basically an optimist or pessimist. 

Careful! I have not said that it is unnecessary for 
students to learn how to perform operations entirely, 
just that it may not be necessary to spend so much 
time on it. 

JOHN J . WAVRlK 

Wedaelday, February 25, m. 

Letters to the Editor 

Campus Police on Bikes 
We would like tb commend SaUy 

Levens on her most timely " Letter 
to the Editor" which was 
reproduced in the Feb. 9 editiOn of 
the Triton Times. In her com-
munication she :pointed out, very 
clearly, the responsibility of 
bicycle riders including the 
dangers which exist while 
operating a bicycle on a public 
roadway. A secondary purpose of 
this letter is to clarify one or two 
points which were presented by 
her. 

The Campus Police do have the 
authority to enforce regulations 
pertaining to the operation of 
bicycles on campus roadway and 
bicycle paths. This enforcement is 
restricted for the following 
reasons. First, the limited nwnber 
of police personnel on duty on any 
given shirt prevents the im-
plementation of a strong program 
to enforce the appropriate traffic 
regulations relating to the lega l 
operation of bicycles. 
Second, both the University of-

ficials and the UCSD Police 
Department want to encourage the 
use of bicycles on campus and are 
hopeful that all bicycle owners and · 
riders will join in a cooperative 
effort to operate them in a safe and 
legal manner. As Levens quite 

properly points out, this is a 
responsibility of the rider. 

Levens additiolljllly c~ented 
that bicycles are not toYS, but are 
vehicles. This is partially true. The 
California Vehicle Code (CVC) 
section 670, in describing a 
"vehicle," excludes devices which 
are propelled by hwnan power. 
However, it also states that every 
person riding a bicycle upon a 
roadway has all of the rights and is 
subject to aU of the duties ap-
plicable to the driver of a vehicle 
excpet those provisions which by 
their very nature can have no 
application. There are also several 
sections in the CVC which apply 
exclusively to the riders of 
bicycles. 

All members of the UCSD Police 
Department are deeply interested 
in the safety of bicycle riders on 
campus and encourage the safe use 
of them. Should anyone have a 
question with reference to laws 
pertaining to bicycles, they are 
encouraged to contact any police 
officer or come to the UCSD Police 
Station at Building 500 on Mat-
thews Campus for advice or for 
clarification of rules and 
regulations pertaining to the 
operation of bicycle. 

H. B. FRENCH 
CHIEF OF POLICE 

S~AR: The Issue ,S Justice 
On Jan. 9 and Feb. 20. the Triton 

Times carried letters to the editor 
regarding the killing of a white 
youth. The letters stated that 
SCAR's response to the killing was 
"we don't carry the color." This 
assertion is a blatant lie . 

SCAR would like to point out that 
we were never cont.acted for our 
opinion regarding the killing of 
GreggKline, nor did we make any 
such statement . 

We would like to clarify our 
position. SCAR is opposed to 
violence. But we feel there is no 
analogy to be made between the 
murder of Luis "Tato" Rivera and 
the killing -of Gregg Kline. The 
Kline killing was an incident in-
volving individuals. The Rivera 
killing involved a police officer, 
who used his position of authority 
to justify the murder of a Puerto 
Rican youth. 

We do not believe that either 
killing was justified. Our response 
to the murder of Luis J1.ivera, 

however, stems from SCAR's 
understanding that he was a victim 
of a racist murder carried out in 
the name of " justice" -or 
something to that effect. 

Don't Use 
ChairMAN 

SCAR 

I was very sorry and somewhat 
shocked at the rather ridiculous 
use of the word ChairMAN to 
describe Ms. Yownans in your 
newspaper article. 

Please be more sensitive to the 
works of the women on this 
campus. Offense, makes for 
defensive action, and should be 
avoided in such a newspaper. 

LINDA HOME 
CIRCULATION MANAGER 

CLUSTER UNDERG RADUATE 
LIBRARY 

The Triton Times Is recognized bV the Communications Board of UCSO as the olliclal 
student newspaper. Publication is on Mondavs. Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular school year (e.cept on official holidays) . Editorial and business offices are 
located in 117 Blake Hall on the Revelle College campus. University of California. San 
Diego. 

Letters to the Editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submiss ions should be 
typed on a 74·space line on non ... asable paper. Thev should not e.ceed three pages In 
fength double·spaced. The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because 
of space limitations or style requirements . 

For editorial . cali 452· 3466 : for business and display advertisements. call 452·3468. 
Entire contents copyrig ht 1976, Triton Times . 

• ,I.on.ioles 

Mlirk Woelller 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
New. editor 

Crail( Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J . Lowen 
Community Editor 

Dave Elsen 
ports editor 

UC San Diego 

John H. Taylor 
Editor-io-chlef 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

Nathan Meyers 
Photo editor 

Kenzie Nicoll 
Business Manager 

Daniel Shawler 
Arts editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

WedDelClay, Febnary 11,1'" 

TRB 

A Choice, Not an Echo 
Humor keeps breaking into politics though sometimes it is the wry 

sort. There was, for example, the generally successful effort to keep New 
Hampshire's Republican governor Meldrim Thomson far away from the 
man he endorses Ronald ("In your heart you know he's right") Reagan. 

Gov. Thomson 'supports Reagan because William Loeb, publisher of the 
MlUlcbe8ter UDioa Leader, supports Reagan, and Thomson takes his 
orders from Loeb and is one of the few people ever elected with Loeb 
support. Generally, it's the kiss of death. 

Reagan tried to avoid contact with Thomson because it would remind 
everybody of Loeb, whose paper · headlined a colwnn "Kissinger the 
Kike?" and a frontpage editorial, "Jerry the Jerk." Gov. Thomson broke 
through the Reagon cordon on one occasion and did untold damage in a 
short time. 

The New Hampshire primary is all but over now, and eyes have turned 
to the next one in Massachusetts (March 2) . Meanwhile, on another field 
of activity over in China, our former presiden~ Richard Nixon is recalling 
happier times with a more appreciative audience. (Four years ago, the 
first returns in New Hampshire 8lUlounced that Dixville Notch had voted 
19 to 1 for Nixon, and the noted TV commentators buckled down to in-
terpret the arresting event.) 

The Reagan staff finally had to let Gov. Thomson campaign with their 
man and he distressed them by exuberantly declaring that his candidate 
was "more than 50 percent ahead." That was just what the press was 
waiting for-somebody to fix an official score by which they could judge 
whether the primary had been "won" or " lost." 

The press not merely describes presidential primaries; it participates 
in them. That is less the fault of the press, I think, than of the strange, 
spongey primaries themselves in which it is often hard to say where 
anybody stands. Presidential possibilities are first "mentioned" for the 
office before they bashfully come forward, and the press is The Great 
Mentioner. Then after the primaries start, it becomes a sporting event, 

. like the Olympics, and it is not easy to understand, so the press comes 
forward again. You have a situation like that in New Hampshire with four 
Democratic, liberal-look-alikes (Udall, Bayh, Shriver and Harris ), one 
Democratic what-is-it, (Jimmy carter), and the two Republican I'm-
more-anti-government-than-you-are entrants, Ford and Reagan. Now the 
press becomes oddsmaker, to say after it's over who won. A case in point 
occurred in 1972; the press decided that front-runner Muskie had to get 50 
percent in New Hampshire to win, and when he actuaUy got only 48 
percent and McGovern got a surprising 37 percent, the press said Muskie 
had suffered a severe psychcological "defeat," and he never recovered. 

After Gov. Thomson made the Reagan retainers grit their teeth by 
claiming an advance victory (which may very well come) instead of 
poor-mouthing, he turned to another favorite subject, amending the 14th 
Amendment. The 14th Amendment, you remember, is the one forbidding 
states to "deprive any person of life, liberty or property, without due 
process of law." The governor believes this gives too much power to 
judges, who are always interfering to protect the rights of the accused, or 
poor people, or those who argue they should be considered innocent until 
proven guilty. Reagan understandably gives these ideas a wide berth. 

One of the difficulties about running for president is the people who get 
into bed with you. With the New Hampshire primary over we can forget 
phrasemaker Loeb for another quadrennium. That will be hard on him. 
On the Feb. 15 showing of Meet the Press, be stated that attacks on him 
were due "to the dishonesty of the liberal communications industry, 
which presently dominates the United States, unfortunately." The 
pistolpacking publisher explains to the TV audience that he hadn't ac-
tually ever shot anybody: "You carry a pistol to avoid unpleasant 
situations, not to make them," he said urbanely. You need a gun, maybe, 
if you call Sherman Adams "Shenny Wormy", Dwight Eisenhower "that 
stinking hypocrite," and Gen. George C: Marshall, "Benedict Arnold. " 

It is not very often where the ideological differences between two 
parties in an American presidential election are potentially so sharp as 
they are now in 1976. It is just possible that this could be one of the great 
landmark elections. It is emphasized again by the latest battle by 
Democrats in Congress to override the President on a bog economic 
issue, in this case the jobs bill. On the Republican side it matters very 
little ideologically whether Ford or Reagan gets the nomination because 
on economics and the responsibilities of the goverrunent they see alike. 

They believe the role of government on the domestic scene should be 
curtailed; they believe that inflation is a greater danger than unem-
ployment ; they believe that previous administrations have gone too far in 
trying to ameliorate social problems; they believe that free enterprise, 
corporate competition and private industry are better leaders in 
restoring prosperity than Washington; they are willing to make greater 
social sacrifices than liberals to balance the budget. These are matters of 
the most profound importance and they have rarely been so evident. 

Almost certainly the next Congress will be Democratic again, judging 
by polls of party preference, so that if Republicans do win the presidential 
race, Ford or Reagan or whoever must cope again with Congress, in a 
split government. That, too, raises the question of the philosophical grand 
canyon that divides Washington at present. Whether the Democrl!tic 
nominee, whoever he is, can make this great divid!: plain, whether he can 
persuade the apprehensive voters (as George McGovern could not) of his 
competence, other things being equal, whether he can articulate the 
issues and carry on a campaign 0( illumination rather than of per-
sonalities is at the heart of the great drama now starting . 

There have been few such elections: McKinley demanded high tariffs 
while Bryan shouted for free silver (which meant easy credit) and the 
public chose McKinley; Warren Harding -offered "normalcy" against 
Cox's intemationaUsm and the public chose Harding; FDR urged 
govenunent intervention against laissez-faire by Hoover and the public 
chose FDR. This too, could be one of those rare occasions, a genuine 
contest over philosophies, not personalities. 

• rlfoll l. nJ(~ Page 3 

Staffing Problems at Mail Room 
Cause Long Lines and Grumbles 

by Debora Weber 
Staff Writer 

Long lines and short tempers 
have been in evidence lately in the 
vicinity of Argo Hall. The reason 
seems to stem From the reduced 
hours of the post office "service" 
window. At precisely 4 pm, 
after a mere three hours of 
operation, the' gate is slammed 
shut and those waiting in line must 
wait yet another day to purchase a 
13 cent stamp for that plea home 
for "just a little bit more money." 
The reason for this situation in-
volves both manpower and money . 
The work at the Revelle office is a 

two-man operation. It involves 

Commentary 
sorting both incoming and outgoing 
mail, and selling stamps to 
students and FaCUlty. One of the 
two permanent employees recen~ly 
quit with short notice in order to 
return to school, leaving the 
operation very short-handed. The 
most important job is the sorting of 
incoming mail, because resident 
students pay about 12 dollars per 
quarter for the privilege of 
receiving their mail here on 
campus. 
Owing to university regulations, 

there must be a three-week waiting 
period for any job that opens up 
within the university in order to 
insure that everyone interested has 
a chance to apply. If the person 
chosen to fill the position is 
currently employed, he must give 
two weeks notice at his place of 
employment before beginning 
work here. As the post office 
vacancy was created two weeks 
ago, it is proba ble that the post 
office will run on shorter hours for 
three more weeks. 

Line- up for service at the Revelle mail room in Argo hall . Like 
hitching a ride - don't go if you're in a hurry. (TT photo: 
Nathan Meyers) 

It is physically impossible for one 
person to run the entire operation. 
Thus, a cut had to be made 
somewhere, and that was in the 
window service. Some work-study 
students can be hired to try to fill 
the vacancy temporarily, but on a 
$26,OOO/year budget not enough 
workers can be paid. A few 
students and a few of the campus 
mail staff are presently trying to 
help sort the mail, but with the 
increased volume of mail, full 
service is not possible. 

Last February budgetary 
reviews were held in an attempt to 
raise additional funds. One of the 
suggestions was a discontinuance 
of· Saturday mail delivery on 
campus. Another involved the 
consolidation of stamp sales. 
Previously, stamps had been sold 
at two locations: Revelle and Muir 
post.al boxes. The Muir office, 

I 

however, had a small volume; they 
sold only about S20 worth of st.amps 
a day compared to Revelle's $450 a 
day. The Muir stamp sales were 
eliminated, but the volume at 
Revelle doubled, creating more 
problems than were solved. 
Other suggestions for the future 

include placement of a st.amp 
machine in a central location and 
doubling up on postal boxes. The 
stamp machines, selling 18 cents 
worth of stamps for 25 cents would 
be for emergencies like evening 
and weekends. The postal box 
situation would call for two 
students sharing a box. The extra 
boxes could be rented to commuter 
students and faculty, thus creating 
revenue. 
In all events, the Central Mail 

Service hopes to have the service 
at Revelle restored as soon as 
possible. 

Rmgn.2r~n with 
Mayfield , Gladys Knight and the Pips, 

The T ' The Jackson Five, 
and others . 

Saturday, February 28 

, IF · / J" 'B 11' , lreman s a 
./ dir t dbv\ 

Milo Foreman ( "On~ FI w Over the Cu koo'· ( 

7:30pm 

$1 



.. 

Ronnie Laws Vigorously 
Blends Jazz and Rock 

by ~ teve Esmedina 
Staff Writer 

Ronnie Laws is one of the fmeat 
second-string jazz musicians to 
emerge -from the glut of jazz-fnnk-
schlock. At his best, Laws plays 
with the kind of high~harged 
emotionalism of master reed 
players like David Liebman and 
Joe Farrell. He also has the clear-
eyed craftsmanship that refusea 
\ atered down funkifizlng of the 
sort that has almost totally 
emasculated the work of Hubbard, 
Byrd and Hancock. All of the 
various strains in Laws' music 
retain their inherent qualities : his 
funk is raw and phYSical, his rock 
is loud and insistent, and his im-
provisational sense is . rich and 
inventive. 

Laws and his band Pressure 
played second-billed to the 
perennially cool, even-tempered 
Grover Washington Jr . last 
Saturday at Golden Hall. Again, as 
in his recent Back Door per-
formance , Laws proved that he has 
one of the more vigorous, straight-
ahead notions of how to blend jazz 
soloing with rock dynamics. his 
band, working on the level of a 
jazz-rock fusion . can be accurately 
compared to the improvisation of 
.Joe Farrcll and the rhythmic 
vitality of the Islcy Brother:,. 
The paradox is that too little of 

this power is delivered on Laws' 
debut album, " Pressure Sen-
sitive. ·' l.aws' rich , soul-innuenced 
tenor and soprano sty li zings come 
through beautifully, but the hard 
rock ~dgc of Roland Bautista's 
guitar work and the buttressed 
pulse of the rhythm section is 
muffled under a sedate blend of 
disco-funk and Latin percussion. 
The album rests comfortable in the 
number one slot on "Billboard's" 
Jazz survey however, it's 
definitely a missed opportunity 
that producer Wayne Henderson 
chose to pare down the group's live 
sound. 

Backstage, Laws commented on 
the disparity between the un-
committed cleanliness of the 
album and the primal drive of the 
group's live act. 

" An album is always an aIr 
pendage to the live show" sort of a 
reminder. It isn't always ideal 
artistica Uy to speak of an album in 
commercial terms, but thai's 
basically what we strove for. 
Wayne kept it cool, geared it to the 
public, to a particular market, and 
it worked . 'Always There ' is a 
disco semi-hit. Hopefully the 
people will realize that we get 
down harder in person. And, 
hopefully we'll get that sound down 
later on record." 

Guitarist Roland Bautista, who 
has worked with Laws since their 
fledging days with Earth, Wind & 
Fire elaborated more fully on the 
group's studio aspirations . 
" It 's really hard for a crossover 
group like ours to get that live 
sound on record. Studio work is 
different if you're gearing yourself 

towards conunercial acceptance 
which is what Blue Note goes after. 
Trieks, levels of sound, tight 
arrangements, all sorts of things 
are workfng against the moment to 
moment spontaneity. You have to 
make a record·that'll get a number 
of people off. Hopefully we'll be 
able to plug a little more spon-
taneity into the overa 11 production. 
Because 'Pressure Sensitive' has 
done such good word-of-mouth 
business that chance is gonna 
come sooner than you might think." 

11. is difficult to argue with Laws 

and Bautista on the matter of 
commercial acceptance since 
" Pressure &:nsitive" has done so 
well. However, one of the maladies 
of pop-jazz is that, sooner or later, 
smoothect-out production jobs tend 
to extract all the rough edges, 
physicality, and swing. In concert, 
Pressure is tough enough to work 
against the limitations of their 
recorded sound. Still, if an album is 
indeed simply a " reminder," it 
would be nice to remember 
Pressure as they are live: growling 
and hard-edged. 

Bassist Mel Braves delves deeply into a musical. ex-
ploration of John Coltrane at the Mandeville AuditOrium. 
Graves led a six-piece ensemble that played tribute to 
Coltrane at last Sunday night' s concert . 

Concert Scene 

Kiss to Rock And Roll 
Friday Night 

First , the Tubes came to 
Encinitas. Then the Kinks and 
David Bowies invaded San Diego. 
What, you may ask, can top this? 
Kiss, On Friday evening, Kiss will 
play at the Sports Arena. Accor-· 
ding to sources, Kiss' stage antics, 
such as fire breathing, rocket 
firing, and electrical wiring, make 
up a phenomenal visual presen-
tation. 

At the opposite end of the 
spectrum, the San Diego Sym-
phony will perform Thursday and 
Friday night and Sunday afternoon 
at the Civic Theatre, Pianist Paul 
Badura-Skoda will join the Sym-
phony for Mozart's Piano Concerto 
No. 21. To round out the evening, 
Peter Eros will conduct Piston's 
Concert Suite from "The 
In credible Flutist" and 
Schumann'sSymphony No. 1. 

CJ ~ ~~~OO~-~ 
~ G}~~ c&~ uU'UlAo/ 

<)f~~D~ ~B~~ 
.. 

Wednesday, February 5,lI7I 

THE THRILL 

~ rrg 
) by STEVE ESMEDINA 

The Greatest Rock And Roll 
Band In The Whole World 

By now, anyone who has read 
anything by me should know that I 
consider Roxy Music the best rock 
and roll band in the world; now or 
ever. I also corwider Bryan Ferry 
one of the most important artists of 
the twentieth century, right up 
there alongside any of the most 
culturally respectable dead guys a 
zealous critic-fan could name. 

In every capacity Ferry is the 
most intelligent, sophisticated, and 
strategic artist rock has known. As 
a songwriter and arranger, 
Ferry's methods, musically and 
lyrically have been almost 
maniacally varied by the colliding 
constants of ambivalence and 
passion, dissonance and har-
moniousness , 

As a singer , Ferry takes 
theatrical vocalism to such 
outrageous limits that he makes 
everyone else seem diffident, 
embarrassed. As a bandleader 
Ferry yokes exhilarating layers of 
melodic, harmonic and dynamic 
precision from a disparate array of 
technical means. And as a per-
former, no one seduces the 
spotlight with such debonnaire 
grace as Ferry. Bryan Ferry 

Roxy Music appeared last Friday at the Hollywood Palladium, the 
fonner berth of the Lawrence Welk Orchestra. All of their exquisite 
musical attributes-Phil Manzanera's piercing, spiraling guitar har-
monies, Andy Mackay's mellifluous oboe and wooly-bully tenor ~~ 
styles Eddie Jobson's electronic overlays, Paul Thompson and Riki 
Wells,' driving rhythm attack, and Ferry's dramatic, vibrato-heavy 
warble were rendered with an elegant acumen so rare In a rock band. 

Of course, Roxy Music has so little in c?mmon wi~h most rock ~ds 
that the comparison is undoubtedly an unfair one. Their sense of theatrl~s 
is not dictated by props, arbitrary effects, or heavy-make-up, but by their 
rigorous stage demeanor. From the moment they begin ~laying to the 
moment they complete their encore, Roxy never steps outsld~ of the ~ole 
of performing unit to pander to the audience with chatter or cheerleadmg. 
They have an hypnotically brilliantine visual appeal that never falters: 

Ferry himself is a man of a thousand manifestations. At the Palladium 
he sported his Stormtroopers uniform. As always, he sauntered slowly, 
suggestively, to and against the flow of the .music. He. paced the band's 
ninety minute set perfectly, with exactly SIX second mtervals between 
songs; just enough to introduce th~ tu~e, credi~ the al~um, and thank the 
audience He controlled the musIc like a skillful big-band conductor, 
sliding f~eely from his center-stage podium to add a phrase on davinet, 
electric piano, and organ. 

The material they perfonned ran the gamut of Roxy Music's tem-
perament : from the passionate remorse of "Sentimental Fool," " Sea 
Breezes" and " Bitter Sweet," the involuted narratives of "Mother Of 
Pearl "~nd "The Thrill Of It All ," the off-handed cynicism of "Love Is 
The Drug," to the campy surrealism of "Do The Strand" and Ferry's 
fantastic travesty of "A Hard Rain's Gonna Fall." 

No one works as hard as Bryan Ferry to create different levels ?f 
psychological focus, or uses so many conflicting musical frameworks 10 
which to contain his various ideas. 

Briefly, before the concert, guitarist Manzanera capsulized Ferry's 
intensely demanding conception. 

"Bryan is often criticized for being a kind of musical tyrant, for 
demanding total control. Obviously he is, for that's what broke him and 
Eno up. But he puts his all into this band. The group Is something akin 

Continued on Page 5 

Debate on the E.R.A. 
(equal rights amendment) 

moderator: 
pro: 

Kirstie Wide, of 'II1IIl1li10 KIiTV 
Judy DiGennaro, IHGnItY 
Rita Miler, "" [u 

wed. Feb. 25, 8:00·9:30 
in the Revelle cafeteria 

UCSD Feminist CCNlition 

wedoelday, Febnlllry 25,1976 

Roxy ... 
to his instrument, his orchestra. 
Andy and I supply a lot of tunes, 
but Bryan turns them into full 
compositions, into works-of-art. 
Lyrically, I don't believe he ~ 
any master. Just look at the Wide 
range of characters, topics, and 
states-of-being be's delved into, 
from bored intellectuals, lonely 
aristocrats, all the way down to 
paens to Jesus, dances, 
philosophers, and Texas. 
Incredible. 

"I mean, we all do our outside 
projects, with Eno, John Cale, 
Nico, and our own solo works. But 
Roxy Music is Bryan Ferry's 
masterpiece, and I'm just proud to 
be one of the coloristic daubs from 
his pallette, as it were. Bryan 
Ferry is a genius, there isn't any 
doubt about that in my mind. " 

Hearings ... 
perceptions about the crowd's 
reactiorw during the question and 
answer period with Saxon, Nov. 25. 

Whitehill said it was the ad-
ministration's feeling that there 
was no demonstration planned for 
Saxon's visit, 

When questioned about crowd 
reaction to Saxon's answers to 
student questions about the CIA, 
Whitehill characterized those 
reactions as " hostile." 

Two Communications 
Schey extensively questioned 

Whitehill about two com-
munications he had written 
Murphy, concerning the events of 
that day. 

The first communication, a 
memo written Nov . 26, was 
primarily to familiarize Murphy 
with events that had taken place 
the previous day. The second, a 
Dec. 5 letter, listed more specific 

impreSSions about the demon-
stration. 

Using the contents of these two 
letters and Whitehill's testimony at 
the hearings, Schey attempted to 
point out discreper~ies in 
Whitehill's story. • 

At the Tuesday afternoon 
session, Schey attempted to probe 
the Chancellor's feelings about the 
CIA and Anti-CIA Coalition ac-
tivities. In response to this 
questioning, McElroy said that 
UCSD has no ties with the CIA. 

McElroy also said he supports 
Saxon's stand that "he would back 
any organization that has a 
legitimate right in the university." 
Saxon said the CIA was such an 
organization. 

Lugannani ruled that this line of 
questioning was irrelevant to the 
charges at hand. 

Schey said he felt McElroy's 
feelings about the CIA and the anti-
CIA Coalition were "clea rl 

relevant" because that could 
determine whether the Chancellor 
would have ever brought charges 
against the students. 

" If the anti-CIA Coalition were 
the girl's glee club and had 100 
percent support from McElroy we 
might not be here today," Schey 
said. 

McElroy's Decision 
Under questioning by Schey 

about whether Saxon brought 
pressure on UCSD administrators 
to discipline students, McElroy 
said that it was his decision to start 
an investigation of the Nov. 25 
events, 

PageS 

punishing any students, McElroy 
said. 

After yesterday's hearings, 
Gordon told tre Triton Times that 
he felt the only viable student 
defense was to prove " that they 
didn't do it." He added that as a 
result, the student's attorneys 
"were trying to tum this into a 
political hearing." 

The bearings are allotted 6 days, 
through today this week and 
Wednesday through Friday next 
week. But attorneys for both sides 
agreed Monday that the hearings 
may take much longer than that. 

At no time did Saxon reconunend , r-------------, 
HIGH QUALITY 

SECRETARIAL SERVICE 
In Mission Valley 

Specializing in Thcsis Typing. 
Reports. Manuscripts, and 

Business Work 
280-3343 

COP1ES 
KlIIICo. 2 LOCATIOIfS 

tlOlV. I1OIICII'.12'-1:I23 
St .. couaa.AVI .• 7 .. t .. 

UCSD THBATRE pre •• nl. 

. 

THE GOOD WOMAN OF SETZUAN 

Tickets Available at UGD 
Theatre Ticket Office 

808 M.C. 
uceD 

BI!RTOLT BRECHT 
MARCH II, a, 7, 

8,10,11,12,13,14 

~"tudents $1.50 General $3.00 
Monday Noon to 4:00 

:3 



Pap ' 

Rugby ••• 
and, i; ~he mad scramble, 
Gorgen.~en dove on the ball for the 
four po' '. ts1nd his first try . The (ir half ended with the Tritons no . ng on to a precarious 
10-6 lead . 

The second half opened slowly, 
sloppily and with little enthusiasm. 
It took about 15 minutes before 
Clark was able to score once again, 
on a brilliant 35-yard run up the 
middle. Shortly thereafter, Joe 
Heilig and Brad Iwanaga tallied a 

try apiece and UCSD had an in-
sunnountable 22-6 lead. 

Gorgensen ended the scoring 
spree with his final try and Brad 
Tebo's conversion was good to 
wrap up the ~ victory. 

After the contest, Gorgensen 
said " It felt great to score for a 
change." He explained that 
Dominguez Hills was a pretty 
inexperienced team-" their scrwn 
play wasn't real bad, but their 
back play was atrocious." 

.rh ••••• IIIl'S 

Clark was impressed by the 
"togetherness" of the team, but 
said that the ·kickers needed work 
on their conversion attempts. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

COMMUTER STUDENTS. . . There 
will be on organizational meeting 
of the Commuter Student Allionce 
on Monday at 12 noon in the 
Revelle Commun ity Center . 

Students who purchased the first 
prinling of "Molecular Dynamics in 
Biological Membranes" by M . H. 
Soier and C. D. Stiles (on return 
these books to Carl Hurley in the 
UCSD Bookslore in exchange for 
the 2nd pr inting wh ich will be 
available subsequently. The books 
must be returned to the Bookstore 
by Morch 12 in order to be ex· 
changed. Please take the textbooks 
to the refund window outside the 
bookstore. 

A Correction from the Calendar: 
On Friday, Som Hinton will be 

We_lday. Febnary 21.11'11 

playing at 8 pm. The cost is $1 .50. 
Proceeds go to the Dilabled 
Students. Also, the movie Friday 
night is not "Gone With the Wind," 
but "Brothers and Sisters in Con-
cert ... 

EAB urges you to donate any 
unneeded books to the prison book 
drive. Bring your contributions to 
the Stutlent Center by Morch 1. 

Sailing team meeting on 
Wednesday February 25th at 6:30 
pm in the PE Classroom of the Ma in 
Gym . 

"TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
fOR sALE 

72 VW 7-passeng", van , dual air . shades , 
stereo tape , radio, H I o valves excl . condit ion 
27().4411 eves & wk'ends (2/24) 
Skis for sale Hexce1210 , K2·3 207 , ROC GTX 
170. Hart free 190 K2 & Lange boots (2/27) 
72 VW 7-passenger van . dual air. shades, 
slereo rape. rad iO. H J 0 valves eIC.el condllion 
270·441 I eves & wkends (2124) 

Sk.s for sale Hexcel 210. K2·3 207 . ROC GTX 
170. Hart free 190 K2 & Lange boots (2 /27) 

inch fluorescent f ixture and 2·Grolux 
tubes Almos~ new : Grow anyth ing Indoors 
All year brl 436·6670 . (21251 

For sale Seats FRE E at the ERA Debale Feb 
25 8 pm Revelle Cafe. (2/251 

1966 VW Faslback $700 new brakes. ShoCkS 
greal transportation 25 to 30 mpg Call 436· 
t 435 after 6 Eric (3/3) 

1968 Toyota Corona 4 dr new ca,b good 
running cond o and gas m.leage S700 call Pat 
481 -0178, (2127) 

kOlJsiNG 
FOR RENT. Own room In peaceful ocean 
beach house . Clean light, yard , qulet·ideal 
All utilities included , Sloo. Steven, 222·7195. 
27().1059. (2127) 
Am mate wanted beautiful dm hse own rm 
available Mar 1. F preferred call 452-2003 
days or 755-1 334 eves (2/27) 

Female roommate wanted : Mellow drama 
and music student seeks femelle student over 
21 10 share 2 bedroom apt. In Pacific Beach . 
Own room in furnished apt ; with heated pool , 
carpet . $90 a month plus 'k utilit ies. Susan 
27()'4742 home 28().5828 wor1<.(2 127) 

Shared house $70 room plus utilities . 
Fireplace, laundry . garden . Nonsmoking, 
nonseXist , nonmatefialistic . no indoor pets . 
into openness. independence , meditation , 
natural toodS Clairm·ont. 292-4196 (2/25) 

FOR RENT Own room in peaceful ocean 
beach house . Clean light . yard , quiet-ideal. 
All utilities included, S100. Steven . 222·2003 
days or 755- I 334 eves (2/27) 
Female roommate needed . to share large 
bedroom In Del Mar 5 miles from UCSO $70 
month c lose 10 beach. 755·7697 Dee Ava.1. 
,mmed,aleIY. (2/25) 

Room-mate needed Del Mar across from 
beach. no pel s. own room , days-Marshall 

X~OO3 . eves 755· I 330 (2 127) 

Own ,oom M or F 3 BR condo nr UCSD. 
Wa<;her dry~f , swgpool fur'd avail March 1 
call 452·8 7 (2 127) 

F roommate needed for nice duplx nr bch In 
Dpl Mar Fireplace. lurn . patio. Call Beth or 
Andee 755·2271 (2 / 271 

M ed . q rad . law student needed to s hare 
2BRM house I blk Irom beach 150 mo inc . 
ul ,l1t.es Scott 75!)'6523 Del Mar (2/27) 

Male wanted own room 2 BOR Hillcrpst view 
State St. great guy I work nights. Call Dave 
2953672 (3/3) 

Rmmale (pref. female) wanled lor 4bdrm 
house In Del Mar yard . house. $l00/mo. p lus 
utls 481·8538 12 1251 

• SERVICES 
Typ.ng· Marilyn would like to lype your 
paper , IheSIS. book , She is e)(perienced . fast , 
reasonable and has a correcting IBM . Please 
calt her at 565-7060 (2125) 

Blues harp lessons lor serious beginners 
experienced and pat ient teacher call 272-
8532 . (2/25) 

STEREO REPAIR . Student with professional 
training and experience in stereo repair, 
offers greatly reduced rated to those on 
s.udent budgets. Repairs made on all makes 
and models, amps, preamps, receivers , 
tun",s. tapes. and tables. Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE. Call fm-
medialely for free estimate and or problem 
consullation . Call 291 ·5927 . (3112) 

ELECT 
AI 

Tarkington 
COUNCILMAN 

• C.P.A. • ENVIRONMENTALIST 
Advocate of Open Space 

Ac:qulslflon Through More 
EMdent Government 

rollllc" ad paid for by Comml_ to Elect f .. ld ...... - .. " I , Del Mar. Ca. 

THE DISABLED STUDENT UNION PROUDLY PRESlNTS 

An Evening With 

Ifl#t--SAM-HINTON--I 
and 

SHEILS & CLARK 

8:00 p .m . CR·I07 (Third College) $1 .50 tickets ilt the 
bOil office ONLY! 300 eats iI\IiIllable • get YOURS 
todayl 

452·4559 bOil office number 

Walch & Jewelry Repair , rings sized . Guar 
work by Lie jewel", . Student prices 453·1207 
f3 /5) 

German' lulor from Germany for any Icvrn 4-
51 hr or negol iable call In Ihe afternoon 755. 
2061 ·Jenny. (2 /25) • 

Tuto r for malh A phys.cS. Up to malh 2C & 
phYSICS 2C or eqUivalent. Call in the af-
ternoon 755·7269 f2 /251' 

TYPist - IBM t erm paper / the SIS/dlsser -
lallons le lc Ed.hnq I rush jobsl Xero. 560· 
81l 1. (31 12) 

TRAVEl 
Overseas jobs - summer, permanent. $500-
$2500 monthly. Australia . Asia . Europe. 
Africa . South America. All fields . Invaluable 
exp",.ences. Details 25 cents . Inll em-
pJoymen t researCh, Box 3893A7, Seattle, 
Wash 98124 (3/1) 

Inslant telephone confirmations on all 
roundlrip charlers and tours to Europe 
(5339) . Hawaii ($169) . New York (S169) , 
Orient ($437). Mexico ($199) and the Middle 
East. One ways available. Plus new, in-
dependent experimental tours , For 24 hour 
Informa tion Jreservations call collec t 
Weslcoast student travel counsel AVCO 
Center suite 790 . t oo50 Wilshire Blvd . LA 
90024 . (213)475-6865 , Book no laler Ihan 65 
days before depaflure .(3/ 12) 

EUROPE. ISRAEL • Student fl ights year 
round . ISCA . 11687 San Vicente Blvd ., W4 , 
LA. CA 90049. (213)826·5669 01 826-
0955 ,(3/ 12) 
EUROPE. ISRAEL. Orienl , N .Y. TGC Low 
cos. flights , 1436 S. La Cienega BI. LA 
90035 .(714)735·9618 or (213)652-2727 .(3/ 12) 
EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY. CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES . UCSD 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEK-
DAYS 12-4pm, 452-0630.13/12) 

Ski Tahoe $35 3 days lodging & ca, fare 5 
days Utah SI1 0 for everything .(2/27) 

Ski where the snow is Cres ted Butte Colo. 
Spring break with the ski club $t49. Tickets 
S.udent Cenler box office . 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE . Save up 10 
50 percent April - Oct. 2 , 3, 4, 5, 6 . wk flites 
weekly, PLUS 7·24 week flights oHen . BUT. 
hnllted space on long &. summer fli ghts. 
Phone your San Diego headQuart",s for 
charters since 1961 , no lower prices with 
sa lely (trust accounts .) We are your 
professional charter and ~ravel experts , 
Phone 291 ·8141 . 9-5 pm . Draper World Tra.el 
(3/t2) 
Interf"sted In dfllltng car to NV-NJ area at end 
01 Quart er IMar 15·Apr I) Vega st.ck X4 768 Or 
459·2707 12 1251 

WANTEd 
Permanent part time hours suHable 10 your 
class schedule, Sell the all new Britannica 3 
and outs.andlng educational material, In· 
cluding the Greal Books ot the Western 
World . on a special school and library basis 
to o.her studen ls and faculty . Earn $114 and 
more comm. a week on a part lime basis , Call 
Student Sales Counselor . Don Treyz 234· 
8530. 11 am·2pm.(2/27) 

Need e.tra cash? Buying old U.S. coins. Al so 
buying U ,S . 511v", coins m inted before 1965. 
Ken. 453-7924 .(3/12) 

WANTED Good automat ic w.de angle lens 
'Of Penlax, Preter SMCT or Vivitar. See 
Nathan In IT 011 ice. (3/3) 

F roommate needed Sp qlr nonsmoke. BB 
mo. Beauiliul Del Mar apl 1., blk beach. on 
coaSI cr",ser roule 755-7238. (2/25) 

Want ed person or persons Interested In 
weekly sojurns '0 House of Ico. Paul. 755· 
4856 f2 / 251 

Beautiful longhaired housecat despera tely 
needs home. Please call 748·0582 eves. (3/) 

Wa nted Inlcrested persons to attend ERA 
Dcbale Feb. 25 8 pm Re.elle Cafe Iree (2125) 

:~ BOOM-FIRE PRODUCTIONS '* 
"NaturalHigh" :!lJ~ f)J~ 
"That 's Not How it Goes" 

"Give Me Your Heart" 
"Closer Together" 

"That 's the Way We Play Our Music" 

PERSONAls 

To II persons •• UCSD the,e will be a 
DEBATE on the EaUAL RIGHTS AMEND 
MENTWed. Feb 258pm Rev Cafe(2125) 

TO Dallid B Smith preSident elecl of the 
Horse Badortl es Fan Club Even members 
make mistakes Friends? (2125) 

Tired 01 t~ and ram? Come 10 sunny 
MOZAMBIOUE . Lots of fresh "9gs. be 1 
dorlllIS-- IIlQ lllre for "lfo . (2 1751 

LOST & fOlJNd 
Reward lor lost denim Jacket With caslle 
embrolderoo on back Senllmen tal value Call 
J,m at 755-l060 f2/27) 

Small pendant from necklace found In 
Clus.or L.b last week . Ca ll Teresa 755-5478 
(2,251 

lost-brown wallet on 2-2 1, west Side of 
Tioga Please save me hassle of duplicating , 
Ca ll R,ck 453-Ba63. (2'25) 

Found small Change purse by Muir Common 
Mon . 2/20756·3431 leave mess . (2/25) 

Blu e canvas J -nng notebook lost ' Wi th 4 
diViders-somewhere on Revelle on Thurs . 2-
t9 . Call Les· 452·0345 t21251 

Lost possobly one ERA '0 f.nd ou t why Feb. 
25 8 pm Rev~le Cafe If found ratify Im -

~cdlately f2 125) 

Lo SI Un.verslty chemistry bv Mahan (21 t 81 
in HL alld I . Please return to n . (2 125) 

Los. Gold wa tch w / ,".t.als EF in Revelle 
snack bar. 21 23 Reward - call 224·7894 or 
459·4615 f21251 

Lost Silver chain with silver cylinder shape 
slrung or.t. Call Teresa 755·5478. 12/251 

Presents 
IN CONCERT 

"Say You Love Me" D. J. ROGERS 
"[ t 's Good to be A live" 

and 

The New 
Experience 
-~~-~ .• 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1976 ·8:00 - 12:00 
University of California, San Diego 

at La Jolla, Gym na ium 

ADVAN - U so STUDENT T1 K TS ... . ... . ..... , .....•........••. , , , .S4,50 
GENERAL ADMI SSIO ..... . .......... . .... . ................... • ... S5.50 

Tickets on sale at U.C,S.D. Campus 
and at all Curtis Minnietietd Record Outlets 
FOR INFORMATION CALL - 452-4090 

Entnuinmatt F.miIhed by Leo C.- ........ u.- (lU) 466-61 J6 

, • I '" 

Wedaesday. February %5. 1171 • rI.OII •• OX'S Page7 
Hos ts Irvine Friday -

Men's VB Falls to San Luis 
UCL A Among Opponents 
Tennis Tour n ey 

By RonKato 
Staff Writer 

In an effort to break their three 
game losing streak, UC San 
Diego's volleyball team fell short 
once again, losing to Cal Poly San 
Luis Obispo 18-16,13-15, 13-15 and 4· 
15, last Friday. 

The offensive attack was lacking 
for the Tritons as they went into 
action without two of their starting 
front line players. Missing were 
Bruce Cazden (who recently quit 
the team) and Bob Rhoades (out 
for two weeks with a broken finger 
suffered last week). 

" We played as close to our 
potential as we could have 
tonight," commented coach Jeff 
Gorrell, who was faced with the 
problem of replacing his two 
spikers. The Tritons however, 
excelling on defense, never con-
ceded the match to their un-
defeated opponents. San Luis 
Obispo, posting an unblemished 5~ 
Conference record, ran into early 
trouble with the hustling Tritons. 

UCSD, off to a surprisingly fast 
start, led at one point by the score 
of 9-1. But San Luis Obispo, slowly 
chipping away a t the lead, soon 

Dave Clark in hot pursuit of the loose ball, proceeds to score 
t he first of his two tries in Saturday's triumph over the 
Dominquez Hills Toros . Clark is the mainstay of the Triton 
offense. (TT photo: Nathan Meyers) 

Gorgensen the Hero, 
Ruggers Breeze 28-6 

John Gorgensen, unaccustomed 
to the hero's role, scored two tries 
as the UC San Diego rugby team 
rolled to an easy 28-6 win over Cal 
State Dominguez Hills, Saturday 
afternoon. 

As a prop in the scrum (a role 
similar to that of a lineman in 
foo tball ), Gorgensen is usually 
re legated to duties that leave him 
out of the limelight. Unlike the 
backs, the members of the scrum 
rely upon their strength to control 
the game and touch the ball only on 
rare occasions (eg.,on a Iineout, a 
loose ruck , or with their feet when 
kicking the ball out of the scrum.) 
It was unusual for Gorgensen to 

touch the ba II , let alone score two 
tries. 

The Tritons jumped out to an 
early lead with only a minute gone 
in the first half as Dave Clark 
raced 50 ya rds down the sideline 
for the score. His conversion was 
good and UCSD was out in front 6~ . 
The Toros of Dominguez Hills 
came back with a flourish as Bob 
Seeley dodged would-be tacklers 
on route to a tally . The conversion 
was good and the score was tied at 
s ix . 

Before the half came to a close, 
an errant lateral by a Dominguez 
player rolled across the goal line 

Continued on Page 6 

Women Blast Pt. Lorna 
By Evelyn Barata 

Staff Writer 
Women's basketball upped its record to 2-1 as it powered to an im-

pressive 65-21 win over Point Loma in Wednesday's home match-up. 
!he UC San Diego offense and defense seemed flawless in the opening 

mmutes of play. The Tritons were able to pull everything together in a 
fa ntastic display of team work. 

After tbe opening jump the UCSD Tritons made a long pass to Marla 
Ross who went up for a quick two-point layup. The trend was thus set for 
the day's action. 

The Tritons played quite a good running game, working the successful 
fast break time after time. 

UCSD looked to the outside shooting of Carol Gel'hbart and Lisa 
Stewart and to the quick inside shots and drives of Marla Ross and Ann 
Carrington. 

Gerhbart led the UCSD scoring drive with 16 points. Ann Carrington 
and Marla Ross, also hitting double figures, scored 15 and 14 points 
respectively. 

Coach Shirley Peterson worked a continual rotation of players from the 
bench, allowing the entire squad to play. Pleased with her team's play 
coach Peterson noted after the game, "Everyone put in a good per-
(ormance. There really was no one outstanding player." 

Defensively the Tritons were exceptionally strong, playing a tight zone 
formation. Point Loma had some success in passing to the center but was 
then stopped by awaiting Tritons. 

Coming into the 2nd half with a 32-8 lead the Tritons employed a three 
~an press with considerable success. Allison Chin, Kim Boatner and Usa 
tewart came up with many steals. 

H UCSD's rebolUlding looked much stronger than it has in recent games. 
~wever, no one player excelled more than the others in this area . 
. u oday UCSD takes on Grossmont in a 4:30 home matCh-up. The Tritons 

W) be looking to retain the form of Wednesday's game as Grossmont 
prOVldes Some of the toughest competition In the league. 

found themselves down oy only a 
point, 13-12. • 

An overlap violation (when a 
back. row player moves into the 
front line) nullified a Triton point 
which could have given the team a 
14·12 lead . San Luis Obispo 
capitalized on this opportunity and 
then went ahead 13-14 . Tim 
Myrick 's spike returned the ad-
vantage back to the Tritons as they 
found themselves again on top 15-
14. 

This seesaw battle continued, 
with the lead exchanging hands 
five times in the late going. San 
Luis Obispo again regained the 
lead, 15-16. It was the hustling 
defense, drawing rounds of ap-
plause from the home crowd, 
which kept the game alive for the 
Tritons. Moving ahead 17-16, UCSD 
finally scored the winning tally 
after withstanding three side outs, 
to record the victory. 

San Luis Obispo, pressured to 
win the next three out of foul' 
games, did just that to clinch the 
match. Following thei r opening 
game loss, SLO barely held on to 
beat the Tritons in the following 
two contests by just two points. In 
the fourth and final game UCSD 
seemed to be of no match for their 
opponents as they were blitzed, 4· 
15. 

" We suffered from a mental 
breakdown in the last game," 
added coach Gorrell, " but overall I 
still think we played a good game." 
The coach went on to name 
Myrick, John Lee and the much 
improved Greg Philips as the three 
most outstanding players in the 
game . 

The Tritons will take on Cal State 
Dominguez Hills Friday night in 
the main gym. Starting time will 
be7 :30pm. 

Russ Carlson, left, and Kurt Fristrup will appear in the San 
Diego Intercollegiate Tennis Tournament . (TT Photo : Bill 
Brooks) 

By Dave Eisen 
Sports Editor 

UCLA, USC, and Arizona State are among UC San Diego's com· 
petition in the San Diego Intercollegiate Tennis Tournament, which 
begins tomorrow morning. 

Tennis fans will be able to see three days of action, with the tourney 
closing out on Saturday. San Diego State and the University of San 
Diego are the scheduled sites. 

The two major national championship squads, UCLA, winners ofthe 
NCAA, and the University of Redlands , winners of the NAIA, will be 
represented. The Bruins are again first ranked in the country for 1976, 
with USC's Trojans rated fourth. A total of 16 teams will be included in 
the tourney. 

Triton coach Tad Yamaguchi is anxious to get started, as his team 
will " be playing in the strongest field of university-coUege teams 
ever." 

Mark Miller, UCSD's first ranked player, is the main Triton hope for 
the tourney. Jon Gerdsen, Alex Rosenthal, Kurt Fristrup, Jaek 
Tawfik, and Jon Brindle will be UCSD's other singles entries. Miller-
Russ .Carlson, Brindle-Gerdsen, and Fristrup·Rosenthal will be in the 
doubles competition. 

While most eyes will be on the nation's biggest tennis names, 
Yamaguchi is hoping for some surprises from his YOlUlgsters. Miller 
and Gerdsen are sophomores, while Rosenthal is a freshman. 

feeling Ioan-Iyt 

Call US. 
Eligible credit union members may bor-
row cash quickly, easily and privately at 
interest rates generally lower than any 
other lending institution. And that goes 
for a uto loans, home improvements, 
furniture, travel bill consolidation , or 
nea rly a ny reason . 
What's more. your credit union offers a 
" payroll deduction" plan whereby Uni-

versity or State employees may have a 
predelermined amount taken out of 
each paycheck automatically to payoff 
the loan(s) . 
We' re your University and State Em-
ployees Credit Union. You can call us a 
great place to borrow money. You can 
call us your personal " multi-million dol. 
lar" financial institution. Just call us. 

[]]~~ 
Univenity & State Employees Credit Union 

UCSD 
3100 Gilman Dr. 

Matthews Campus . 
La Jolla, Calif. 92037 ~ NCUA 

(714) 453-5620 



Laser R.I ... JlI .... h 
Dr. Joh!1 Asmus, associate 

research )hysicist at UC San 
Diego, will present his findings in 
laser research and the con-
servation and restoration of art 
works at a lecture tonight at 8 pm 
in the Recital Hall of the Ma~ 
deville Center. 
Included in Asmus'talk will be the 

teclUlology of laser use in art 
restoration, especially as related 
to books. He will also outline the 
use of his laser in the search for a 
lost fresco of Leonardo da Vinci 
that has helped lead to the 
establislunent of an Art/Sciences 
Studies Project at UCSD. 

Sponsored by the Friends of the 
Library, the I('cture is free and 
open to the public. 

China Lecture Slated 
Richard Ching, who has traveled 

extensively in China, will discuss 
hj.s travel experiences Friday at 
7 pm in USB 2722. Ching's 
lecture will focus on old Port 
.Arthur and Ching Dau. A question 
and answer, will follow the lecture. 

Bicentennial Lecture 
A lecture on the Bicentennial, 

"Live Free or Die," will be held 
tomorrow at 7 pm in the North 
Conference Room of the Student 
Center. The featured speaker is 
Dave Helvarg, the West coast co-
ordinator of the People's Bicen-
tennial Commission. The Com-
mission is opposed to the com-
mercialization of the Bicentennial. 

The lecture is being sponsored by 
the Student Bicentennial Com-
mission. 

ClltHTEBS 
SAVE UP TO 50% in '76 

from
S299* 

2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 wks. 
APR.-OCT. '76 

Over 915 flights but: 
LIMITED SEATS on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 

o.~ r." ,,~ II .11. 
291-8141 

MllslO'l Val1ty-Equ,toblf a:dg 
1333 Camino d.' Rio South 

S.D .. Cl92108 
• Minimum fare which rises de-

on date & length of fl ite. 

-~ 
HAIR CUTI'ERS 

REDKEN' 
Clo ed Sundays 

S625 La Jolla Blvd . 
La Jolla 4S9-8218 

Redken Retail Centre 

8DOWbaU Fiesta 
Sixteen tons of ice will be 

dumped onto the gym moWld for 
the Snowball Fiesta to be held 
Friday at noon. 

Sponsored by the UC San Diego 
Snow-Ski Club, the fiesta will in-
elude the ice sculpturing contest, 
sledding and snowball throwing. A 
campus band will provide music 
during the fiesta. 

Regent Committees Appointed 
UC Regents Chairman Elinor 

Heller has appointed Regent 
members of a joint Regents-
faculty committee to advise UC 
President David Saxon on the 
selection of a chancellor at the UC 
Santa Cruz campus. 

University Provost Angus Taylor 
has been the acting chancellor at 
Santa Cruz since Feb. I, 1976, when 
Chancellor Mark Christensen 
resigned. 

A Regents-faculty corrunittee 
has also been appointed by Heller 
to aid Saxon on the selection of a 
successor to UC Santa Barbara 
Chancellor Vernon Cheadle, who 
retires on July 1,1977. 

Each joint committee will be 
composed of five Regents and five 
faculty members, with the 
Chairman of the Board and the 
President of the University as ex 
officio members. 

The advisory committee will 
consider nominees submitted by 
Saxon, may consider or suggest 
other names and will solicit the 
opinions of other interested groups, 
particularly students, staff and 
alumni. 

• rI ••••• llIJ(tH Wedllelday, February ZI, 1171 
Housing Rates to Increase Next Fall 

Next year's on-campus housing 
rates are due for a two to three-
hundred dollar increase, according 
to the preliminary budget of the UC 
San Diego Housing and Food 
Services Administration. 

According to Barbara Metz, 
Housing and Food Services 
Committee member, the increase 
is caused by several factors in-
cluding increases in the debt 
service, the cost of the campus bus 
service and the cost of labor. 

This year, there was an extra 
swn of money left over from the 
reserves the University keeps to 
pay the debt service. UCSD was 
able to count on that money and 
this allowed the deficit spending. 

Similar funds will not be 
available next year. Without this 
help, donn rates would have been 
$75 more this year, said Metz. 

The additional debt service 
imposcd by the new Third College 
dorms and the Mesa Apartments 
has increased this cost $145,470 to 
$1.73 million. 

The cost of the free bus services 
around campus will increase and 
the part that dorm fees must pay is 
expected to rise from $6,800 this 
year to $25,000 next year. 

A probable 10 percent rise in the 
cost of la bor and the possible $65 
bonus for all state employees 
proposed by Governor Brown will 
add to costs,.said Metz. 
Rally ... 

A statement of support from 
nearly 20 student organizations 
was also read at the rally. The 
petition called for the cancellation 
of the hearings and an apology 
from Saxon. 

Metz said the Housing and Food 
Services Committee is working to 
find unnecessary or dispensible 
services to eliminate to keep rates 
down. 

"But things are at a minimwn 
now, so it's hard to find something 
to cut, " sa id Metz_ 

One possibility would be to open 
some sort of " no frills" housing at 
the Mesa Apartments. These would 
be unfurnished and without linen 
service to cut costs. 

The committee 1s also in-
vestigating alternative housing 

Qx)p ... 

situations such as theme houses 
and coed living arrangements. 

Interest has been shown in a 
German house, a scuba diving 
house and a quiet house, said Metz. 

Such alternatives were being 
explored as ways to entice 
residents to stay in the dorms 
instead of moving because of the 
higherprice_ 

She observed that unless there is 
a substantial percentage of 
returning students, the dorms tend 
to become run down and u~ 
pleasant places to live. 

the lobby in Sacramento and has -not established a voter registration 
drive on campus, the traditional functions of lobby annexes_ 

Annex Not Doing Job 
Fred Speck and Irma Munoz, the Statewide External Affairs Co-

coordinators and therefore the UCSD representatives to the SBPC, felt 
the present" annex was not doing its stipulated job. Speck stated that 
UCSD has paid eight cents per enrolled student for the lobby in 
Sacramento but has not been represented in the State Capitol for the past 
two quarters. 

Speck also questioned the use of lObby funds by McGehee and Switala. 
Presently, the lobby budget has been "frozen" by the Budget Resource 
Group (BRG) pending an investigation of the spending of $236 for a five-
day trip by McGehee and Switala. 

Fundamental Misundentanding 
According to Steve Petach, money was allocated by the BRG to the 

Student Lobby to attend lobby aMa meetings. However, he stated that 
no director's meeting was held at the time that the $236 was used. But, 
McGehee felt that there was a fWldamental misunderstanding as to how 
that money should be spent. She felt that the five day trip was part of 
lobby business and therefore justified. 

Sam Walton. a co-director of the UC lobby, speaking on behalf of the 
traditional lobby, stated that it is a very effective organization with 
regard to student input and has a direct influence on legislation. "It also 
serves as a means to know everything that the UC administration is 
doing." 

Subsequently, a vote was taken to detennine whether or not the Coop 
should re-establish the traditional lobby . A vote of 26-8 passed the motion. 

, 
• 


