
The "Hump" between the Gym and the Student Center was 
transformed into a winter wonderland of snow Friday af-
ternoon . Students had the opportunity to practice their form 
(top) or simply enjoy the snow as did Jim LeBrecht (bot-
tom). The event was sponsored by the Snow Ski Club . (TT 
photo: Nathan Meyers) 

Murphy Approves ~OA 
Student Center Proposal 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

An agreement has been reached 
between students and the ad-
ministration on the Board of 
Authority (BOA) proposal. 

The proposal, which places 
control of the Student Center in the 
hands of a seven-member panel 
comprised entirely of students, 
was approved Feb. 20 by Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs George Murphy. 

Murphy's decision came after he 
met that day with a group of 

At the Feb. 20 meeting Murphy 
and the students reached 
agreement on the role of current 
Student Center director Mark 
Bookman, and the inclusion of a 

Continued on Page 8 

Saxon Cuts 
Enrollment;-
UCSD Closed 

students representing the four by Chris Bowman 
college councils and the Student Staff Writer 
Cooperative to work out several SACRAMENTO--In a move 
areas of disagreement about the which student representatives say 
proposal. . will discourage qualified un-

Murphy said Friday that he and dergraduates from attending UC, 
the students were in "complete the university cut its anticipated 
agreement" on the BOA proposal. fall enrollment by more than 1000 
However, several provisions of the students and closed enrollments at 
proposal have not yet been worked most campuses. 
out. Despite this, Murphy said he According to UC Vice-president, 
hopes BOA will be in operation by Donald Swain, the cutbacks would 
the beginning of Spring quarter. not change UC's long standing 

Selection Committee policy of admitting all qualified 
The board will include undergraduates. But he said that 

representatives of the college many students will be directed to 
councils, the Coop, the Graduate other campuses other than their 
Student Council and the Student first choice. 
Center staff. An ad hoc selection Swain said the cutbacks will be 
committee is currently being accomplished by closing ap-
chosen, which in tum will evaluate plications for next fallon all but 
nominees sent from each BOA unit two campuses, Riverside and 
and select board members. Santa Cruz, where in past years 

The ad hoc committee's job, light enrollment has left vacancies. 
according to Coop member Ray Enrollment at the popular 
Bergevin, who was at the Feb. 20 Berkeley, Davis, and Los Angeles 
meeting, is to select a "well- campuses has been closed to 
rounded group" with expertise in prospective freshmen since Dec. 1. 
all areas that BOA will be con- UCSD, Santa Barbara, and Irvine 
cerned with. closed applications today, ac-

Those responsibilities include cording to Swain. 
submitting a Student Center WUlTurn Away or Discourage 
budget, recommendation Jeff Hamerling, co-director of 
allocating space in the center and the UC Student Lobby, said he 
helping select center personnel. Continued on Page 3 

Hearings to Continue on Campus; 
SDPD to Back up UCSD Police 

The. dis~ipllnary hearings for 10 students charged with Nov. 25 
vio.latlons of UC regulations will continue on campus it was announced 
Frlday. ' 

Last week, following a demonstration Wednesday that disrupted the 
afternoon's hearing, both the Chancellor and VIce-chancellor for Student 
Affairs George Murphy had said the hearmgs would be moved to an off-
campus location. 

But, McElroy said Friday, "We're going to keep them (ttlehearings) on 
campus. We've just got to indicate we're going to keep an open campus 
here. 

StUdents wishing to attend the remaining sessions should sign up in 
Murphy's student center office. 

i~IPparently, security for the hearings, which begin again Wednesday 
w be tighter than before. The Triton Times learned last night that t~ 

ConllDued oa Pale '7 

1JC 

Lobby Annex Activities Questioned 
by James G. Soto 

City Editor 
According to the application of 

the UC San Diego student lobby 
annex for recognition as a student 
organization, the lobby annex was 
formed to "do research and seek 
information affecting the 
academic community and work in 
conjunction with the UC Student 
Lobby." 

To many people, the local lobby 
annex has not kept this promise. 

"Sfhere is a definition problem as 
to what the purpose of the student 
lobby annex is," Bob Simon said 
last week. Simon is investigating 
the . lobby annex's Advisory 
Committee for Registration Fee 
Programs. "The lobby annex has 
not done many of the things that 
are traditionally done by lobby 
annexes," he continued. 

Among the deficiencies that 
Simon sees in the lobby annex is 
the absence of a voter registration 
program on campus. In the past, 
the lobby annex has staged 
registration drives to build support 
for candidates who might look 
kindly on student lobby-backed 
bills in Sacramento. 

When questioned about the lack 

of a voter registration drive this 
year, annex co-director Maia 
McGhee told Simon, "I don 't have 
time." 

Steve Switala, the other co-
director, said that the lobby annex 
is an open group that can do 

Lobby Annex 
Restructuring 
Underway 

The process of reestablishing 
traditional Student Lobby annex 
activities has begun, according to 
Irma Munoz, Student Cooperative 
statewide external affairs co-
coordinator. 

The Coop last week sanctioned 
rebuilding the lobby annex after 
Coop members were told 
traditional activities had been 
ignored by the annex, and that its 
finances were under question (see 
story, this page). 

According to Munoz, ap-
plications will be accepted through 
the end of March for positions on 

Continued on Page 6 

anything its members decide. If 
students are interested in voter 
registration, Switala argues, they 
can use lobby facilities for it. 
However, Switala said that most 
members aren't interested. 

Reform the UC Student Lobby 
According to Switala, the ma jor 

interests of the lobby annex 
members have been to abolish the 
Student Body President's Council 
(SBPC) and to drastically reform 
the UC Student Lobby. 

Recently, Switala and McGhee 
travelled throughout the state 
distributing a paper by former 
SBPC representative Marco 
Limandri attacking the SBPC. 

Another major function of the 
lobby annex that has been ap-
parently neglected is keeping track 
of UC Lobby programs in 
Sacramento. Debbie Rollin, a staff 
member of the Sacramento lobby 
who coordinates communication 
between the state office and the 
local annexes, says the UCSD 
annex has rarely returned her 
queries for information on per-
tinate legislation. Rollins said that 
she sends out letters or calls each 
annex at least once a week, but 

Continued on Page 3 

Del Mar Community Plan 
Splits Council Candidates 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

The Del Mar Community Plan, 
and the actions taken by the Del 
Mar city council to implement the 
plan are the issues that divide the 
seven candidates for the city 
council into two major camps. 

The candidates who support the 
work of the city council and the 
environmental philosphy of 
community plan are: Richard 
Rypinski, Marshall Ross and 
Hervey Sweetwood. Those critical 
of the plan in its original form and 
the council's past actions are: 
Julianna Bartanyi, Joe Frivaldsky 
and Al Tarkington. Their criticism 
of the plan in its original form was 
that it needed to balance en-
vironmental protection with a 
respect for the rights of property 
owners. The seventh candidate, 
Clark Almgren, who largely 
supports the plan, calls himself the 
only moderate individual in the 
race. 

Rypinski, who is seeking re-
election to the council, was in-
volved in the original work on the 
general plan. He feels that as a 
result of his participation in the 
community plan Del Mar is "a 
unique community designed for the 
residents and not run by the 
chamber of commerce." 

Most Efficient City 
Rypinski also maintains that, 

besides preserving the en-
vironment in Del Mar, the city 
council has made the city the most 
efficiently run city in San Diego 
County. He says the fact that Del 
Mar has the lowest tax rate of any 
city in San Diego county attests to 
this efficiency. 

Sweetwood has erved on the Del 
Mar Planning Commisssion for th 
pa t three and a half years and was 
involved in the creation of the 
community plan. Hays he is 
running for city council, becau 
after having work d on the plan for 
the past thre and a half years, he 
wants to see that It I properly 
implemented. Swe twood s the 
community plan a the legal 
mechanism that citizens can u e to 
chart the Ie al cours of th 

community. He hopes thatthe plan 
will be used to control growth. 
reduce density and acquire open 
spaces. 

Marshall Ross has supported 
conservation measures during the 
five years he has lived in Del Mar. 
A member of the task force that 
helped draft the community plan, 

he called the plan "a great 
document, even in its amended 
form." He sees a basic difference 
in the philosophies of candidates 
like himself , Rypinski , and 
Sweetwood and the philosophies of 
the other candidates , " They 
believe that property is more 

Continued on Page 6 

The Special Problems 
of the Disabled 

by Cathy Fitzmaurice 
Staff Writer 

Because of scientific advances, more children with physical 
disabilities and disabling diseases are growing to adulthood. They are 
now entering institutions, such as universities, which are for the most 
part not prepared to deal with the disabled, just as those with 
disabilities are often not prepared to deal with the university. 

Karen Metzler, suffering from spina bifida, a spine disease, spoke 
last Tuesday to a group of administrators, teachers and students about 
the special experiences and problems of disabled people. 

D~abled children are exposed to low expectations and a very 
protected environment in "special" schools, which in no way prepare 
them for a future of fending for themselves. Metzler feels that normal 
schools are better, for they expose the child to "harsh realities" and 
the higher expectations held of able-bodied children. 

In college, the disabled young adult is still exposed to low ex-
pectations, as professors will accept poorer quality work in a matter-
of-fact manner. 

Much of the Support 
The "crises of adulthood" hits especially hard for disabled youths. 

Much of the support, care and affection they received as children, 
individuals with a possible future, are withdrawn. Now that they are 
adults, the disabled are stuck with whatever their situation is, and in 
this independence minded society, have to fight for themselves and 
expect little help from others. 

What Metzler feels universities should provide is a professional 
person who is experienced in dealing with disabled persons, and would 
see their problems as normal for persons in their situations. Also, she 
'suggested a recruitment program for disabled students, such as that 
which exists for minority students. 

Already the UCSD Disabled Students Union (DSU ) has contacted 
the campus Mfirmative Action on t possibilities of such a program. 
Metzler stressed that many disabled persons in high school assume 
that a college education would be impo:.' ible for them, and do not try 
to enroll. 

As for vocational centers, Metzler claims that most were created for 
formerly able-bodied men maimf'O .. t what normal 
expectations and ambitions they were happily raised with. These 
centers are not prepared to give tho e dbabled from birth the proper 
counseling they need. 

Ina P Ilion 
Because of her disease, Metzler has had to under 0 up to 50 eparate 

operations. She stressed the n ds of many disabled students for 
special m dical care which most school medical centers are unabl to 

ConllDued on Pag 8 



.... e! 

Crall V~hld. 
Oplnl09 editor 

Mark Woelber 
Mana,1Dg editor 

Mark S&adler 
Newledltor 

James G. 80&0. 
City editor 

Sara J. LoweD' 
Commulty editor 

Students Cut First 
A moath ago, Gov. Brown IlDDOlIDced be would Dol iDclude ID hlI 

proPOled UC budget mooey for 3400 Itudents who had not beeD IDcluded ID 
the UuJvenlty's enrollmeut predlctiOIll for the 1971-77 school year. 

UC AId It Deeded $t.7 mBllon; Bron said the school could flDd at least 
"me of the money wlthlD the currently proposed budget In aUocations 
that have no Itrlngs on them. President Saxon responded that aU tbe 
mODey-lDcludlDg $3.9 mBllon for iDltructlonallmprov~ment that Bron 
had suggested be Uled for overearoUment-was needed elsewhere. 

UC'I lolutlon-and an apparent message to the Governor that It is 
wtlUag to compromise-is to cut Den year's enrollment by about 1000 
students, leavtug the overenrollment figure at 2300 students. 

This mealll, essentlaDy, that students who qualify for admission to UC 
will be able to go ouly to Rlvenlde and Santa Cruz If they apply after the 
end of March. . 

The ouly campuses that bave not closed appUcations by now are IrviDe, 
Santa Barbara, Rlvenlde and Santa Cruz. 

The point at whicb the Unlvenlty has cbosen to compromise Is student 
enrollment. By llmltlDg a qualified student's choices becallle tbe state is 
IlDwUIIDg to provide the money, the Unlvenlty will certalDly lose at least 
some ltudents wbo aren't able to afford to go to a campus other tban tbe 
one ID their area. 

We hope It was DOt the Governor's latent to limit the access of qualified 
students to the University of CaUfomta. Without belDg particularly 
specific, he had polDted to areas of slack ID his UC budget, boplng Saxon 
would cnt from those areas. A cut ID enrollment was not one of his 
suggestioDII. 

It seems the only excess Saxon sees around him Is ID students. 

Open the Hearings 
It should be clear after Wednesday's demonstration that the ad· 

mblistratlon wiD be unable to conduct Its proceedings agalast 10 students 
charged wltb Nov. 25 violations of University regulations without In· 
cldellJ, especially wltb the expected appearance Friday of President 
Saxon. 

Tbe admlDlstration cbose late last week not to move the hearlnLs to an 
oU-campus location, because it did not want to appear unable to conduct 
Its buslDess where it wants to. 

That's fIDe. The bearlDgs would have been made even less accessible 
tbaD they are now with such a move. 

However, tbe administration Is effectively ignoring the quite 
reasonable demands of the students who disrupted last Wednesday's 
session that the bearings be genuinely open. They will continue ID the 
recreation gym conference room, with the same limited number of tbe 
seats. 

And now, the administration Is reported to bave plans for requesting 
reenforcements from the San Diego Pollce department if there are 
disruptions slmiUar to Wednesday's. 

The situation, as it stands now, Is senselessly provocative. There is no 
good reason forcalling.onexteruallaw enforcement to keep order durlDg 
the hearings, and we oppose plans to do so. 

We understand tbe administration wants to make clear its right to 
conduct disciplinary bearings wherever It wishes. We also assume the 
admlnlstration fean control of peaceful demonstrations Uke Wed-
nesday's Is beyond the competence of the UCSD pollce. It seems logical, 
tben, that the adm.lDiltration flDd ways to avert /trouble before it bappelll, 
rather than simply line up more poUcemen. _ 

UCSD Is displaying a clear unwillingness to address many students' 
feeling that tbe !learings should be more open. It Is IDstead willIDg to 
provide for wbat could be • qaIek elevation to violence to preserVe 
'academic freedom,' a principle that hu been maligned beyond repair of 
late. 

We bave previously lUUelted that the bearIDg offlcer order ID-
sta1latlon ID the conference room of video tape equipment, which would 
aUow access to tbe proceedlngs for anyone who wisbed It. And the prin-
cipals in the case would be protected from the outbursts tbat would be 
certain from a large audience. 

We felt before we had offered a viable compromise. We now feel it Is a 
necessary one. 

BOA Faces Test 
Tbe Board of Authority [BOA] proposal, recently approved by Vice-

Chancellor and Dean of Student Affairs George Murphy, could have far-
reaching implications for student government at UC Sao Diego, if it Is 
handled correctly. 

Tbe BOA proposal, wbich vests control of tbe Student Center in an all-
studt' nt panel working with Student Center director Mark Bookman, Is a 
very g od concept, in theory. It wlll give students more Input IDto the 
opemtion of their own center than ever before. The board will submit 
final budget recommendations, allocate space and have considerable 
IDpu', in Student Center personnel decisions. 

With this power, as always, comes responsibility. Responsibility to 
keep BOA from dcgennatf"g as have other forms of student government 

oncuI~.s. 
Tb !r are loose ends to be tied. We agree with the students who say 

BOA JJ¥!mbers should receive some form of compensation, although we 
do n4,t feel that with Gov. Brown's "er:a of limits" budgets the resources 
will l'le available for money compensation. We would IDs~ad advance the 
idea i)f compensation ID the form of academic units. 

B4)~ also should, wlthlD the guidellues of tbe university's personael 
policy and procedures of course, bave blrlDg and firing powen over 
Student Center employees. The power to make polley without the power 
to Implement it is worthless. 

If BOA avoids the obvious pltfaUs, It will stand as a precedent for 
further expansion of student power over their own education. Perhaps tbe 
next IDcunion IDto formerly hallowed territory will be iDcreased student 
control over coune selection, an alktudeut panel with real decision 
maklDg powen on curricular matters. 

BOA could also set" precedent for a new, more workable form of 
studeat government, between representatives of the college councils aad 
the Studeat Cooperative. 

trl.c ... IInt'8 
Letters to the &ltor 

Tomorrow residents of Del Mar 
will be voting to elect three of the 
five members of the city council, to 
decide whether or not a fowih 
councllmember will be removed 
from office, and to legally enact 
the Community Plan which guides 
the future development of the city. 
Some historical perspective is 
necessary in order to understand 
the importance of the election. 

From 1969 to 1972, Del Mar, like 
many other coastal communities, 
experienced the pressures of land 
speculation and rapid growth. Del 
Mar was the fastest gr6wing city in 
the county during this period, with 
most of the growth consisting of 
expensive, high-density con-
dominiums. 

In April of 1972, long-time 
residents and university faculty, 
staff and students, concerned by 
the rapid destruction of the 

Vote ... 
physical beauty of the city, 
orgagized to elect a former UCSD 
student and an environmentalist 
attorney to the council. Three 
hundred student voters made the 
difference in the election. 

In March of 1974, a UCSD 
chemistry professor and an em· 
ployee of Psycbology Today were 
elected by the same coalition, this 
time with 500 students playing the 
decisive role. 

Since that election, the cOWlcil 
has attempted to transfonn the 
election mandates into a positive 
program for protecting Del Mar's 
future. The Community Plan, 
formulated by residents during a 
two year process, lowered den-
sities, protected coastal open 
space, preserved existing 
moderate,cost housing from 
redevelopment and stopped con-
version of rental units into high-

... T arkington, Frivaldsky, 
Bartanyi and -Almgren 

As we have sadly experienced 
the past two years nationally, 
politicians have a way of becoming 
isolated in their own egos, with a 
pronounced tendency to dominate 
all activities and persons within 
their realm and beyond. The 

. symptoms follow a pattern at all 
levels, the belittling of opposition 
or any difference of opinion, as 
being mediocre or not worthy of 
consideration, regardless of how 
qualified or meaningful that 
viewpoint might be. The attitude 
gets more rigid with longevity in 
office, until it becomes terminal 
for imy positive dialogue. 

Del Mar's election, March 2, 
finds an incumbent council 
man/Mayor, running for his third 
4-year term. Naturally , he has his 
own slate and he is an adroit 
politician, making just the right 
moves, with excellent timing, 
controlling everything in sight, 
except the city bUdget, ($2 114 
million yearly cost for 4700 
~ople.) Doubtless, he has made 

his contributions to Del Mar, but 
eight years is enough for any 
politician and it's time for fresh 
faces and a renaissance in the City 
Council . 

The balance of the six candidates 
all opt for . open space, bicycle 
paths , the environment, controlled 
growth and motherhood, so ac-
tually the issue and choice boils 
down to whether or not the voters 
wish to reestablish a council that . 
will consider the wishes of all 
voters, make decisions that will 
decide the survival of Del Mar as 
we know it, and not as a bankrupt 
satellite of San Diego. Consider 
four candidates who are not con-
trolled or manipulated and whose 
only thoughts are offering your 
their time and talents . 
TARKINGTON, FRIVALDSKY, 
BARTANYI and ALMGREN. 
Choose three and return Del Mar to 
the people. 

B.C. WOOLLEY 
DELMAR 

~. 
-=- -

Moaday, Mareh 1, 1971 

priced condominiums. 
Organized resistance by land 

speculators, some bWlinessmen 
and reactionary forces in the city 
have continually obstructed the 
council's efforts. Law suits, recall 
attempts and volumes of slick 
propoganda have been used by 
these interests in an attempt to 
divert and disrupt the democratic 
process. 

Now, with the next coWlcil 
election upon us , the developer 
interests have not given up. They 
have poured hundreds of doUars 
into the election campaign. The 
issue has become whether we can 
preserve a city government open to 
and controlled by all the people, or 
whether Del Mar, like many other 
cities, will become politically 
dominated by major financial 
interests. 

Three council candidates, 
MarshaU Ross, Dick Rypinski and 
Herv Sweet wood , have actively 
and consistently worked to protect 
Del Mar's unique character and 
village atmosphere: 

Marshall Ross has been a strong 
advocate of controlled growth and 
is responsible for leading the op-
position to such projects as the 
pFoposed hotel-commercial 
complex at the corner of 15th St. 
and Highway 101. He has also been 
a strong supporter of low and 
moderate cost housing in the city. 

Dick Ryplnski is the en· 
virorunentalist attorney who, in 
1972, was instrumental in turning 
the city's growth policies around. 
As mayor, he provided essential 
leadership during the formation of 
the Community Plan and the en-
suing debate. 

Herv Sweetwood, a former 
UCSD student, is the present 
chairperson of the Del Mar 
Planning Commission. He has 
played a crucial role in developing 
cind later revising the Community 
Plan. Along with Marshall and 
Dick, he has worked to create an 
open space acquisition plan that 
can be accomplished without in-
creasing property taxes. 

All three candidates believe that 
the Community Plan, as modified, 
provides a framework to protect 
and support the social and 
economic integrity, as well as the 
physical beauty of Del Mar. 
Approval of the plan, which will 
appear as a question on the March 
2 ballot, will constitute legal 
adoption of the docwnent and the 
culmination of over three years of 
work providing Del Mar with a 
viable and reasonable plan for 
growth and development. 

John Weare, the UCSD 
chemistry professor who has been 
the target of attacks by the 
developers, will be the subject of a 
recall election on the same ballot. 
His strong and effective voice will 
be needed on the council in the 
coming years. 

Major developers understand the 
importance of this election. They 
have requested delays in the city 
review of their projects until after 
the election, hoping for a more 
sympathetic council. 

There are fewer than 3,000 
Continued on Page 3 

.Ross, Rypinski, Sweetwood and Weare 
The status of students as 

residents and citizens of Del Mar is 
being seriously threatened in the 
upcoming municipal elections. 
Several city council candidates 
and their supporters have taken 
the position that students should 
not be allowed the right to vote; 
that is, to decide their place as 
residents of this little city. 

This belief, held by the Bartanyi, 
Frivaldski, Tarkington slate, and 
propounded by newspaper editor 
William Arballo, Is grolUlded in the 
notion that those who own property 
shall have the vote while the 
landless ones will passively abide 
by their decisions. It is a resent-
ment on the part of some, by no 
means all, of the town's property 
owners at having a concerned, 

progressive group of voters take an 
interest in the town they live in. 

The argument is rediculous on its 
face. But it is an indication of the 
forces at work in Del Mar, reacting 
against the city's growth policies 
embodied In the .community plan, 
and against the active University 
element, including students, that 
was and is important in form-
ulating those policies. 

There is, however, an alternatIve 
to the regressive, developer-
oriented interests of Frivaldskl, 
Bananyl and Tarkington. That 
alternative is the candidacies of 
Marshall Ross, Hervey Sweetwood 
and Richard Ryplnski. AU three 
have been active and outspoken 
advocates of controlled growth and 
open space acquisition, coupled 

with a concern for the availability 
of low and moderate cost housing 
in the city. Rypinski, as mayor, 
Sweetwood, as PIaJUling Com· 
mission chairperson, and Ross, as 
concerned citizen, played crucial 
roles in developing the community 
plan which embodies these goals. 

These candidates, along with 
councilmember John Weare, and 

U~D professor who is the subject 
of the vindictive recall campaign, 

. need your help. . 
Students make up 20 percent of 

the town's voters. They have been 
responsible for the outcome of the 
last two City Council elections. 
Don't hold back now when Del Mar 
needs you most. Vote on Marcb 
2nd. 

LOREN KAYE 

Monday, Marcb 1, 197. Page 3 

Politics: James G. Sote 

Verdict Delayed 
It has been an exbaU8ting campaign. Ever since we took the Granite 

State Limited up to New EncIand two weeks ago, we h8ve been tossed 
about with the national press corps, from one obscure New Hampshire 
hamlet to another. 

The Republican primary seems to have decided very little. We had 
correspondents at botb the Ford and Reagan campaign headquarters. 
The clollene88 fi the outcome seems to have reinforced the ego of each 
campaigner. 

Our man witb the Ford campaign filed the following report last 
Tuesday evening: 

"It Is hard to say anything because the racket here is tremendous. 

Fourth College Symposium on These normaUy dour New England Yanquis have been cheering like it was V-J.oa>:. A spokesh~ for the campaign said that this victory (by 
a landslide like 51-49 margm) proves that Gerald Ford can win an election andthathistremend?usshowingwi1lpropel~toaneasyvictoryatthe Race and Raci-sm Begl-ns Tonl-ght 
Kansas City ConventIon and the November electLOn.' " 

Our man with the Reagan campaign filed a similar report from the . by Alan Russell will deal with the current and Fourth College, at least for the 
state headquarters: Staff Writer future role of the Native American. moment, doesn't seem to have that 

, 

" The Ronald Reagan campaign is ecstatic. Campaign workers say that Fourth College's third sym- In addition to this, the film, "The problem, as already there are 
the near upset of the Ford applecart will propel their man Reagan to a posium, entitled "Peoples In Forgotten American ," which three more interesting sym. 
victory in the March Florida primary. Those close to Reagan say that the America : A Look At Race And details the dismal state ofthe Sioux posiums scheduled for next 
fonner California governor is right where he wants to be." Racism," begins tonight at 7:30 in Indians of the Black Hills of North quarter. 

Now hold it one minute, Jack! the Fourth College Cafeteria. Dakota, will be shown. 
Both candidates should not be so exuberant. In fact, neither of them Cory Carlson, coordinator of Thursday's gathering, dealing 

should consider celebration. Fourth's Academic Internship with the Chicano people, will 
SmaUerPopuiation Program, and organizer of this feature Herman Baca, a long time 

Let us consider the facts. Ford, the incumbent, won by the skin of his symposium, discussed the im- active member of the Chicano 
teeth, despite all the advantages of his White House residency. Reagan portance of the featured topic. community in San Diego . Besides 
should have made his best efforts here in this tiny state which has a "This symposium will allow those organizing the Raza Unita Party 
smaller population than San Diego county. Reagan failed U; win in a state interested members of the UC San and the Chicano Federation, Baca 
where he had ample organizational and public support. Perhaps in no Diego and San Diego community a is currently leading a drive by the 
other state-save our own Golden California-will Reagan have as many chance to learn about the past Ad Hoc Committee on Chicano 
elected and other public figures backmg his candidacy. history of a number of ethnic Rights to recall the city council of 

Thus, no more can be said except that both Ford and Reagan lost. Ford groups, as well as obtain some idea National City. 
is crippled by his mediocre showing. (The poorest showing' by an in. of what their future will bold. A On Monday, March 8, members 
cwnbent President since the failure of Truman to disembowel Sen. Estes number of pertinent issues will be of the UCSD Asian American 
Kefauver occured in 1952. ) Reagan is a loser because he didn't deliver a discussed, with the end result of Students Alliance will lead a 
decisive blow. The agony will lie continued in Forida next week. what we hope to be a consciousness discussion on various issues 

What about the Democrats? raising of the audience," he said. surrounding the Asian American's 
WeD, ~e thing is clear. The word is out to get Jimmy Carter, the The six sessions, rurming from experiences in the United States. A 

nearest thing to a consensus candidate the Democrats have. tonight to Thursday night, and then film collage will also be presented, 
The legions of other Democratic candidates have done what they could again on Monday and Tuesday, depicting the assimilation and 

to furUler the general health of slander in the party. From Henry Jackson March 8 and 9, will all be held at oppression of Asian Americans in 
to Fred Harris, Democrats are pressing the assault on the frontrunner. I 7: 30 pm in Fourth College's America. 
have heard many a jealous Democrat spread the malicious rwnor that Cafeteria, located on Matthews 
Carter is the illegitimate half-brother of Richard Nixon. Campus. 

Gangrene of the Moutb Tonight's feature is " The Point," 
Carter had a quite impressive victory in New Ham~hire last week (30 a 75 minute animated film dealing 

per ce~ of the vote and 13 of 17 delegates) . So far Carter has done well in with the prejudice a boy with a 
all pa~ ?f the counlry and it was obvious that desperation and jealousy round head encounters in a land 
have mflicted the frustrated Democratic hopefuls with gangrene of the where everyone else has a pointed 

m~:bama Gov. George Wallace, who will be in tomorrow's head. Written by noted songwriter 
Massachussetts primary for his first major test outside the South Harry Nilsson, the song "Me and 
(WaUace doing quite well in the Mississippi caucuses with Carter and My Arrow," came from this movie. 
Ca 1 t' Sh . The subject of "Anti-Semitism" 

me 0 s nver fighting for the scraps), is obviously enjoying the brief will be discussed during Tuesday's 
rest that has come with the diversion of ma1J1Stream (and mainland) 
Democratic attacks on Carter. session. Dr. Harry Nadler, and his 

In the not-too-distant past, the vultures would have spent most of their wife Eleanor, San Diego residents 
venom on Wallace, but today Carter is their Wlfortunate victim. involved with many Jewish ac-

However, Carter is to be spared the spiteful slander only if Wallace tivities, will show a film and lead a 
does well in tomorrow's Bay State primary and in next week's Florida discussion on Jewish life in 
contest. Somehow it figures that nothing will be decided in the near America. 

Dismal State future. However, the mtidlinglng will never be better. 
Lee Padgett and Rossalynd 

Hussong will be the spotlighted 
speakers lecturing on the topic, 
"Out Brother's Keeper," which Lobby ... . 

UCSD office does not usually an-
swer her correspondence. 

, Another major deficiency with 
the lobby annex here has been the 
fa Hure to publicize the intern 
program in Sacramento. 

Each campus is allowed to have 
an intern in the capitol for three 
quarters, but 1.lCSD has not had 
one since the spring 1975 quarter. 

Rollin said that much of the 80 
cents paid by each student to the 
Sacramento office goes to pay for 
the intern program. In effect, 
UCSD students have been paying 
for a service that they haven't been 
getting. 

Not to Participate 
Rollin said that though many 

students have called the 
Sacramento office about the 
program, the local offices decide 
who will be interns, and the 
decisions of the UCSD armex has 
been not to participate. 

The last intern UCSD sent Jim 
Mathis, did not speak favO~blY 
about the program - he contends 
the SBPC puUs aU the strings In the 
lobby annex. When Mathis 
returned from Sacramento he 
recommended to the lobby annex 
that the SBPC be abolished and the 
lobby drastically changed. 

According to Rollin , the local 
annexes are also responsible for 
contacting local legislators. 
However, as far as she knows, the 
lobby annex has not done this. 
Switala told the Triton Times in the 
fall quarter that " we are not into 
that sort of thing." 

Because of the lack of traditional 
activities by the lobby annex, the 
state lobby told SBPC represen-
tative Fred Speck that they 
thought the annex had been 
abolished. 

Last week the Student 
Cooperative voted to reestablish a 
traditional lobby annex on campus. 
The current lobby annex is ex-
pected to bring the matter to the 
Coop floor tonight at 6:30 pm at the 
Student Center, where they hope to 
overturn last week's decision. 

Enrollments ... 
fears the earlier admission and re-
direction "will fum away or 
discourage qualified un-
dergraduates who otherwise would 
have attended UC." He said ap-
plicants will in most cases be 
denied their second and third 
choice campuses since ap-
plications on all but the least 
popular campuses have already 
closed. 

Hamerling told the Triton Times 

University research project need 100 
UCSD Undergraduates to participate 
in ,tudy identifying factors that assist 
students through graduation 

_"I' ___ '_'IIH""""'I11""IIIII"'""'''''"""111 $.' PAYING 32.00 AFTER ~ 45 MINUTE ~ QUESTIONNAIRE 
IS COMPLETED 

... .... __ ...... I1 .... I .... _ •• IH •• '"" ... -. ...... ' ..... II_IIIIIIII ........... 111 
Administration on walk in or appoint-
ment basi - Phone 452-4449. 
Place- 1260 Humanitie Library 
building, R velie, ila offic 

Out 8 - Mal" h 1 2, 3. 

Controversial Figure 

Robert F . Williams, a noted 
black leader and fOWlder of the 
NAACP in Union CoWlty, North 
Carolina, wm speak Tuesday on 
the struggle for equality in 
America. Remembered for his 
organizing of the black people in 
the city of Monroe, North Carolina 
against segregated public facilitie~ 
in the 1960's, Williams still remains 
a controversial figure today. 

Carlson noted that the sym· 
posium is directed at the ethnic 
groups pertinent to UCSD. Many of 
the student organizations, notably 
the Student Coalition Against 
Racism, helped in putting together 
the program's format. Carlson 
concluded that, "The emphasis on 
most of these topics will be, 'Where 
do we go from here? ' II 

that the enrollment restrictions at 
certain campuses would prohibit 
some economically disadvantaged 
students from attending. "For ex-
ample, a San Francisco area 
applicant turned away from 
nearby Berkely might find it 
financially impossible to attend 
another UC campus further from 
his home," Hamerling said. 

UC originally asked for an ad· 
ditional $4.4 million to provide for a 
prOjected overenrollment next fall 
of 2186 students. Brown has 
reCused to support an 
overenrollment in next year's 
budRet. 

U(; officials then cut the ex· 
pected overenrollment projection 
to 1066 students. They asked for 
$2.1 million for the new figure . The 
Brown administration has not 
replied formerly to the new request 
but a state finance department 
official said that the two parties 
"appeared to be coming together. II 

Vote ... 
registered voters in Del Mar. Each 
of you can have a direct and im· 
portant impact on the future at our 
little city. Long after you leave 
UCSD, you can return to Del Mar 
and know that you played an im-
portant part in prote ting its 
beauty. Your vote tomorrow will 
make th difference. 

TOM SHEPARD 

BIKE & HIKE 
With our patterns you can custom make 
yo ur own day packs . trail shorts. bike 
packs and panniers, and more. For more 
informal lon call 273-4771 or send for our 
free brochure . 

Collins Sport & Trail 

aD~~ffN 

SALESIANS 
WORK FOR THE 
BOY OF TODAY. 

BUILD THE MAN 
OF TOMORROW. 
The apostolate of the 

SALESIANS OF ST. JOHN 

BOSCO IS with youth in boys 

clubs. technical and academiC 

high schools , guidance centers. 

summer camps, orphanages. 

hostels, etc. 

But the SALESIANS also 

conduct world wide miSSions. 

parishes, retreats, publishing 

houses and film centers. 

ST. JOHN BOSCO'S 
METHOD ... 
PREVENT EVIL 
with 
REASON, RELIGION 
and KINDNESS 

For "'DIe WttormMon ebouI .. CM"OIIr ..., 01 
SAL($lANP'I'IMt1nl~Cllc>ItIdW'ldIhlS 
"""""'Ito 

Father urry Byrne, S.o.B. 
OON BOSCO-SALESIANS 
1100 Franklin Strwt 
SIt" FrancllCO, CA t410t 

• 
I am Interested In the Pnesthood 0 

Brotherhood '0 

AGE 

AOOAESS 

CITY '1rolTE 

ZIP PHONE 

ECUCAT .JOB 



WHAT'S ON: 3/1- 3/7 
. -

Beginning with next week's WHAT'S ON, the deadline for aU material ~ill 
be noon Thursday at the student center information desk. Please do not bring 
announcements to the Triton Times office -- it'lljusl gum up the works. 

monday 
12 ooon-- Meeting. Organizational meeting, Commuter student Alliance, Revelle 
Conununity Center 

5 pm - Meeting. "Mujer", invites all Chicanas and Latinas to attend their business 
meetings, Third World Studies Lounge Matthews Campus 

6 pm - MeeUng. U. J . S., Student Organizations Conference Room 
6:30 pm - MeeUng. Co-op, North Conference Room Student Center 
6:30 pm - MeeUng. Fourth College Residence Hall Board, Matthew's Campus Rec. 

Center (downstairs) 
7 pm - Meeting. Christian Science Organization, Blake Conference Room 
7:30 pm - MeeUng. Advanced meeting for all Transcendental Meditators, sponsored 

by S. 1. M. S., Revelle Formal Lounge 
8 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Program Board, Matthew's Campus Rec. Center. 
8 pm - Meeting. Reorganizational meeting and dancing, Israeli Dance Club, 

Recreation Gym Conference Room . . 
8 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Program Board, Matthew's Campos Rec. Center. 
9 pm - Film. Sponsored by the Monday Nite Films, "Breakfast at Tifanny's." 5 & 

Dime, Lower Muir Commons. Free. 

I 
I 

Photo by Ken Robbin. 

tuesday 
6 am - Fast. World Wide Baba 'i Fast, the fast will lastfor 16 days. 
11 am - Seminar. "Microprocessors In Optical Systems: An Introduction," AP&M 

RoomB30l. 
-12 noon - Lecture. "Medicine in China," Slide show and talk by Dr. Jeoff, BSB Garren 

Aud. 
12 noon - Meeting. Mujer, political discussion, all Chicanas and Latinas welcome, 

Third World Studies Lounge, Matthew's Campus. . 
12 noon - Concert. "Grace" Muir Quad. 
4 pm - Lecture. "Agostinho Neto; Poet of Angola Nationalism and Poet as Poet," 

Russell Hamliton, Revelle Fonnal Lounge. 
7 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Forum, Matthew's Campus Rec. Center. 
7 pm - Meeting. Gay Students Association, Revelle Inofrmal Lounge. 
7: 30 pm - Meeting. UCSD Folk Dance Club. Chanda Athale will teach, $.25, Recreation 

Conference Room. 
7: 30 pm - Meeting. Alpha Omega Aliinace, come learn the science of Mantra Yoga. 
7: 30 pm - Sports. Men's Volleyball, Main Gym. 
7:30 pm - Seminar. "Basic Christianity : Who is Jesus Christ," Univer-

sity/Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
8 pm - Concert. Atomic Cafe with Gordon Mumma, composer, Mandeville Recital 

Hall. 
9 pm - Concert. Bob Rubinyi, guitarist, Matthew's Campus Rec. Center. 

wednesday 
12 noon - Lecture. Preparatory Lecture on the T. M. Program, prerequisite to starting 

T.M., North Conference Room Student Center. 
12 noon - MeetlDg. "What's Good Or Bad About Revelle;" the Accreditation Com-

mittee for UCSD wants to know, Revelle Community Center. 
12 noon - Mardi Gras. Fourth College Mardi Gras, Fourth Quad near Residence Halls. 
1 pm - MeeUng. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
1 pm - Workshop. Test Anxiety Workshop for students desiring to reduce test anxiety 

and become more effective test takers Revelle Provost Office. 
2 pm - MeeUng. Women's Swap Meet, informal get-together and idea exchange also at 

7pm, Women's Center. , 
2 pm - Group. Interpersonal Relations Group, 302 M. C. East Wing. 
2:30' pm - Clbdc. Sex Clinic for students seeking information or counseling about 

sexual concerns, Revelle Counselors Office. 
3 pm - MeeUng. R. C. C. A. Meeting, Revelle Provost Office. 
3 pm - Disabled Student Ualon meeUng. Disabled Student Center (Next to the Revelle 

Cafeteria). All interested students invited. 
3 pm - MeeUng. Comm. Board Meeting, Upstairs Student Organizations. 
3 pm - Workshop. Body Movement and Relaxation Workshop, Workshop to explore 

feelings and relating through the body, North Conference Room Student Center. 
4 pm - Poetry. There will be an open poetry reading, all poets wishing to read should 

show up at the Revelle formal lounge at 4 pm. 
4-6 pm - Workshop. Un-Stressing the Job Seeking Process will identify and present 

ways for dealing with job-hunting stressors. Sign-ups required. Career Planning & 
Placement, 412 MC, rm 15. 

4 pm - MeeUng. Revelie Residence Hall Board Meeting. Blake Conference Room. 
4 pm - Poetry. Ron Silliman, Revelle Informal Lounge. 
4 pm - MeeUng. Feminist Coa"Ution Meeting, Women's Center. 
4: 30 pm - Clinic. Rap Session on Birth Control Methods Student Health Center. 
4:30 pm-Sports. Women's Basketball, Main Gym. 
5 pm - Meeting. Fitness Club, Conference Room North Balcony Main Gym. 
6 pm - Meeting. OASIS, Game Conference Room Student Center. 
6 pm - Meeting. " The Triton Wargaming Society, 902 Tioga Hall. 
6:30 pm - Class. American Sign Language. Open to all members of the university 

community as well as other interested persons. Disabled Student Center (Next to the 
Revelle Cafeteria) . 

7:30 pm - Meeting. Chinese Christian Fellowship Bible Study, Blake Conference 
Room. 
7:30 pm- Meeting. Trident Christian Fellowship, Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7: 30 pm- Meeting. E. A. 8., Advisor Tom Robinson will meet with us to help us sort out 

purpose and boals, all welcome, 4th Floor Blake Hall 
7:30 pm - Worship. Worship Services for Ash Wednesday for Catholic and Lutheran 

. C'ommu.nitiies,University/Conununity Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
8 pm - Meeting. Old Time Country Dancing, Everyone invited, Rec. Gym Conference 

8 pm - Baha'i. Anyone interested in the Baha'i faith come to the Baha'i fireside for 
info. call 453-2094 ask for Julie, 9236H Regents Mesa Apts. ' 

9 pm - Music. Hootenanny in the 5 & Dime. Come sing a song. Bring your instruments 
Lower Muir Commons. 

thursday 
12 noon - Lunch. StudentiFaculty Luncheon, have lunch with Hans Oesterreicher 

Ebbesen and thr~ others, North Dining Room Muir Cafeteria. ' 
noon - Seminar. Seminar with Gordon Mumma, composer, B210 Mandeville. 

1 pm - Workshop. Test Anxiety workshop, Revelle Provost Office. 
1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 

- Meeting. Revell\! Community Center Volunteer Program, Revelle Community 

- Meeting. Revelle Community Center Volunteer Program, Revelle Community 

- Workshop. Creativity Workshop for students wanting either to er.hance or 
their creativity, Muir Conselors Office. 

pm - Meeting. General Meeting of the Tennis Club. Rec. Conference Room. 
15 pm - Lecture •. "G. L. Taylor: The Man and His Work" Professor George Bat. 

, I. G. P. P. Conference room, Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
pm - MeeUng. A film & Organizational Committee Meetings, Room 111B Chan-
s Complex, Matthew's Campus. 

pm - Meeting. Sports Car Club, Lounge Conference Room. Student Center. 
pm - Meeting. M. E. C. H. A., Third College Lounge. 

- Meeting. Muir Outing Club,A. P. M.2402. 
pm - Meeting. Abbey of Leng, student Center Game Room Conference Room. 
pm - Meeting. Student Fees Programs, Student Organizations. 
pm - Meeting. Triton Wargaming SoCiety, USB 403OB. 

6 pm - Concert. The UCSD Music Department invites you to meet British com-
poser/conductor Bernard Rands, acclaimed by critics on both sides of the Atlantic, one 
of the most significant contemporary composers, in a program of his own music, 
refreshments and no charge, Mandeville Aud. 

6:30 pm - Meeting. A.A.S.A., General Membership Meeting, Revelle Informal Lounge. 
7 pm - Movies. "You Can't Cheat an Honest Man" and "The Bank Dick" W. C. Fields, 

sponsored by E. A. B. $1 , CR-I07. 
8:30 pm - MeeUng. Students interested in "Wilderness and Contemporary Man" 

course offered this spring, should attend the Orientation Meeting. H&SS Rm 22SO. 
8 :30 pm - Meeting. Hoyd Thacker, Side Door, Revelle. 
8: 30 pm - Concert. Cecil Lytl, excellent jazz, Revelle Side Door. 

friday 
12:05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar. 307 Vaughan Hall, SIO. Arnold Ross, Natural 
History Museum, San Diego, "Recent Studies on Thatched Barnacles (Tetraclitidae)." 

1 :30-3 pm - Law School. Golden State University School of Law representatives to talk 
about programs, admissions financial aids, etc. to all interested pre-law students. Drop-
in at Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

2 pm - AMES Bioengineering Seminar. B248, BSB, Med. SchooL Dr. Robert R. Meyers 
"Monitoring of Cerebral Perfusion by Computer EEG Analysis During Carotid 
Endarterectomies and Open-Heart Surgery." 

34 pm - Workshop. Resume Critique will evaluate and critique the resume you bring. 
Sign-ups required. Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC, rm 15. 

3 pm - Sports. Baseball, Diamond. 
7 pm - Folk Dance. Recreation Conference Room. 
7 pm - Meetin~. Campus Crusade for Christ. Winzer Commons, Med. School. 
7: 30 pm - Movie. "Phantom of the Paradise," USB 2722. 
a pm - Play. "The Good Women of Setzuan" a play by Bertold Brecht directed by 

Michael Addison . Tickets available at the Drama Department 407 MC. All students $1.50, 
general public $3.00, UCSD Theatre, MC. 

a pm - Concert. Music and singing of Latin America ; Indian instruments and music' 
protest songs of Latin America, sponsored by Chile Democratico, $1, Revelle Cafeteria. ' 

a pm - Concert. Friday Evenings in Del Mar with Jean-CbarJes Francois, percussion, 
S1. Peters Church, Del Mar. 

saturday 
9 am - Hike. Fourth Gollege is sponsoring an all day hike at Mt. Palomar meet at MC 

302. ' 
11 :30 am - Mass. University Community Church. 
12 noon - Sports. Baseball, Diamond. 
12 noon - Sports. Women's Rugby, Muir Field, 
1 pm - Sports. Men's Tennis, Muir Courts. 
2 pm-Sports. Rugby I, n, Muir Field. 
7 pm - Dinner. International Pot Luck and Folkdance the UC International Club and 

the Trident Christian Fellowship are cosponsoring an International Pot Luck and Folk-
da~ce! a~ission. is Fre.e an~ all ax:e welcome. If possible participants are invited to 
brmg'an UlternatJOnal dish WIth recIpe and/or ethnic music for the folkdancing Inter-

'·national Center, Matthew's Campus. 
7:30 pm- Movie. "Battle of Algiers," $1, USB 2722 shown again at 10:00 pm. 
8 pm - Concert. The La Jolla Civic/University Symphony & Chorus will perform 

Symphony No. 1 by Sibelius and Te Deum by Verdi, Mandeville Aud. 

sunday 
8.:30 am - Worship. Catholic. University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores 

Dflve. 
10 am - Worship. Lutheran. University-Community Church. 
10: 30 am - Mass. North Conference Room of Student Center. 
12 noon - Worship. Episcopal. University-Community Church. 
5 pm - Worship. Catholic. University-Community Church. 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge. Bridge Club, Revelle North Dining! lal . 



of tht'< candidates on the o~ 
posing nlate, Bartanyi is most 
critical of the city council's han-
dling of the community plan. 
Bartanyi was the initiator of the 
petition drive to call for a 
referendum on the plan. She feels 
th .. t thP. citv council's vote to hold a 
~ll of 17 aspects of the plan in-
stead of holding a referendum on 
the plan showed their lack of faith 
in the intelligence on the people. 
Besides insuring that the ~ple 

were represented on the coWlCil, 
Bartanyi said she would run Del 
Mar in a sound fiscal manher if 
elected. 

Frivaldsky says he had no in-
volvement in Del Mar politics until 
two months ago. Frivaldsky 
decided to run after attending a 
city council meeting and "seeing 
that the city council wasn't 
listening to the people." He said he 
does not support no growth, but 
believes in preserving and 
protecting the environment, as set 
forth in the 1968 community plan. 

Big City Spending 
Tarkington completes the slate 

of those opposed to present council 

f rlfoll flllJ('S 
policies. Tarkington's chief 
criticism of the city council is that 
it is moving toward big city 
government and big city spending. 
" The cost of government has 
tripled here in the past few years, 
while the population has increased 
by only 23 per cent," he said. 
Tarkington favors cutting back on 
such services as the fire depart-
ment and the city planning 
department to finance the pur-
chase of open spaces. 

Almgren, a planning commission 
member. says he is... the only 
moderate individual in the race. 
He said he supports the village 
~oncept and open s~e concept in 

Del Mar but feels that man's 
private interests shouldn't be 
forsaken for these goals. Almgren 
said he disagreed with the original 
form on the general plan because it 
prohibited high density zoning in 
the beach areas. He feels this 
works against the need for low cost 
housing for students and old 
people. 

Munoz. . . 
statewide committees. Also, she 
set a March 10 deadline for 
students interested in applying for 
an internship with the lobby in 
Sacramento in the spring. 

MoDday, Much l,lfll 

She also promised voter 
registration drives, and said the 
annex " would be more of a sUJ>-
porting organ for the SBPC 
(Student Body President's 
Council)." 

She dismissed statements that 
the effort to rebuild the annex was 
a "power play." 

" It was nothing personal. It's 
simply that the lobby annex can be 
a good source of student input, and 
it hasn't been doing that," she said. 

Munoz said infonnation about 
the annex's plans can be obtained 
in its office on the second floor of 
the student center. 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssiFiEd Ads 
FOR SALE 

Stereo: Harmon-Kardon 3304, two 15 inch 3 
way speakers excnt cond . $200 Paul 755-3805 
(3/1) 

75 Dodge Van 6 cyl 5 pass 3 bucket sealS on 
wall behind driv. table, cpt, pan ., 4 .C., 
stereo tape 454-5965. (3/5) 

1966 VW Faslback $700 new brakes, shOcks 
greal transportation 25 to 30 mpg Call 436· 
1435 after 6 Eric (3/3) 
XL Honda 100 t800 ML must sell only 400 or 
best olter can 't beat It 1975 Honda (3/1) 

Ralchle flo Ski boots and tree. 1 season old, 
my feet grew. S60 or best oller alter 7;00 
Steve 452-963:'. (31 1) 

Flute: Armstrong mod 103; used approx 10 
hrs; perf: cost $265, sell $198; leave no. for 
John, 454-94126-10 pm (3/1) 
Ventura 12·string guitar w/case great 
condition $60. 488-0266 (3/1) 

F19 66 Mustang conv V-8 auto, R-H 
$600 I oller. Rich 452·9925. (3/1) 

Sansul 2000x receiver 40 watts per channel 
$370 new asking $175 Jon 488-9521 . (3/ 8) 

Kayak 13' liberglass Klepper style wood 
paddle wlcover exc. condo no spiders 755-
3558 Lon $200 firm (3/ 1) 

Dune buggy, va 4 speed dual rear tires with 
trailer both reg lslered for 1976 $400 Kent 487-
2842 . (311) 

1974 Honda trail 90: like new; $390 or best ; 
leave no. for John betw. 6-10 pm 454-9412 . 
(3/1) 

Experts only , Hanson team ski boots only 
used I week . New $220 only $125 or best 
offer . Call Roger 272-3838. (3/1) 

housiNG 
W4NTED: 1 male roommate for PB apt. 
87 .50/m 488-6710 Mike . (3/3) 
Male wanted own room 2 BDR Hillcrest view 
Stale St. great guy I work nights. Call Dave 

~5·3672 . (3/3) 

F roomate needed spr qtr beautiful OM apt 'h 
blk beach on coast cruiser route 88 mo. 755-
7238. (3/1) 

Roommate wanted to share 2 bdrm apt in Del 
Mar. Tennis court pool etc . $95lmo for info 
755·8448 (FEM) (3It) 

Rm available (M - F) in condo 2 ml east of 
UCSD $90/mo. call Guy or Candy eves 452-
0487 . (3/1) 

Need F roommate for own Quiet room close 
to UCSD. $115. Inclds all . avail. from Mar1 s\. 
453-0161 alter 6. (3/1) 

M or F roommate wanted for funky house In 
Del Mar. Own room $901 mo includes utilities 
755-2924. (3/ 1) 

Female roommate from 4prll 1 to July 31 . 
Furnished room in 4-plex. $90/month. Call 
Donna at 223-1228. (3/5) 

For Rent ; new 2 bedroom Condo, 11 12 00 
Townhouse in Del Mar Area. Pool , Rec. 
Room. UnfurniShed . All utilities paid except 
electric. $3t 0.00 mo. Students Welcome. 

\ 755-0229, 753-4556 (3/3) 

For Rent : 5 min . to UCSD New 3 bdroom 2 'h 
00 , townhouse Condo. Tennis , Pool , Jacuzzi, 
Doublr garage . Unfurnished or Partially 
furnished . Sludents Wefcome. 755.()229 or 
753·4556 (3/3) 

TRAVEL 
EUROPE . ISR4EL, Orient , N.Y. TGC Low 
cost flights, t436 S. La Clenega BI. LA 
9OO35 .(7t 4)735·9618 or (213)652-2727.(3112) 

THE AMERICAN 
TRIBAL lOVE-ROCK 

MUSICAL 
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK CITY 

BOOK & LYRICS: GEROME RAGNI 
JAMES RADO 

MUSIC: GALT MAC DERMONT 

FULL ORCHESTRA & CHORUS 
SPECIAL 

LIGHTING EFFECTS 

Overseas jobs - summer, permanent. $500-
52500 monthly. AUSlralla, Asia, Europe, 
Alrica , South America. All lields . Invaluable 
experiences . Details 25 cents . Inti em-
ployment research , Box 3893A7, Seallle , 
Wash 98124 (311) 

Instant lelephone confirmations on all 
roundlrip charters and tours to Europe 
($339). HawaII ($169), New York ($169) , 
Orient ($437) , Mexico (St99) and Ihe Middle 
East . Oneways available. Plus new, In-
dependent experimental tours . For 24 hour 
Information I reservatlons call collect 
Westcoast sludenl travel counsel AVCO 
Center suite 790 , 1(650 Wilshire Blvd . L4 
90024, (21 3)475-6865. Book no later than 65 
days before departure .(3/12) 
EUROPE 8 T4HITI CH4RTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON C4MPUS. BOOK E4RLY. CIEE-
STUDENT TR4VEL SERVICES . UCSD 
INTERN4TIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEK-
DAYS 12-4pm. 452-0>30 .(3/12) 

EUROPE . ISR4EL - Student fl ights year 
round. ISC4. 11687 San Vicente Blvd ., 84, 
L4 , C4 90049. (21 3)826-5669 or 826-
0955 .(3/12) 
Ski where the snow Is. Cres ted Bulle Colo. 
Spring break with the ski club $149. Tlckels 
Student Center box olflce. 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. Save up to ' 
50 percenl April - Oct. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, wk flltes 
weekly . PLUS 7-24 week flights often . BUT, 
limited space on long & summer flights . 
Phone your San Diego headquarters lor 
charters since 1961, no lower prices with 
safely (trust accounts .) We are your 
professional charter and travel experls . 
Phone 291-8141 . 9-5 pm . Draper World Travel 
(3/12) 

WANTtd 
Need extra cash? Buying old U.S. coins. Also 
buying U.S. Sil ver coins minted belore 1965. 
Ken . 453·7924.(3112) 

Beautllul Ionghalred hOusecat desperately 
needs hOme. Please cal17 48-0582 eves. (31) 

Indep . study student needs latin turor ' or 
wheelock lessons 16-30. Desperate! Scali 
Lori 452·8301 . (315) 

Need photographer to do my portrait picture 
for grad . schOOl applications. Call after t 1 
pm 276-8791 . (2/1) 
Wanled students interested in working on 
supervisOrs campaign . Cal l Nancy 453-6903. 
(3/ 1) 

Basque native speaker lor part-time em-
ployment in language project (454-6465) 
evening s (3/1) 

Subjecls needed lor speech perception 
experiment. Normal hearing required. Gall 
Linda at 452-2537 . (311) 

• SERVICES 
STEREO REPAIR. Student w ith profeSSional 
training and experience in stereo repair, 
offers greatly reduced rated to those on 
student budgels. Repa irs made on alilnakes 
and models , amps, preamps, r~ivers, . 
tuners , tapes, and tables. Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUAR4NTEE . Cali Im-
mediately for free estimate and or problem 
consullation . Cali 291 -5927 . (3/12) 

Women onlyl Psychological research oilers 
you an effective rewarding syslem of weight 
reduction no charge! (3/3) 

Learn exciting lotk dances lrom India exp 
leacher serious sludents only M&F 452-1016. 
(315) 

Watch & Jewelry Repair , rings sized. Guar 
work by lIc jeweler . Student prices 453·1207 
(3/5 ) 

• Research Papers 
• Essays • Case Sludies 
• Speeches • Book ReViews 

your copy our 
latest catafog 01 over 5.000 re-
search studtes . These studies are 
deSigned to HELP YOU IN THE WE ALSO DO CUSTOM WRITING 

MINUTE RESEARCH PREPARA TlON 01: 
1360 N Sandburg , ~ 1602 
Chicago. IllinOIS 60610 

312-337-2704 

ELECT 
AI 

Tarkington 
COUNCILMAN 

• C.P.A. • ENVIRONMENTALIST 
Advocate 01 Open Spac. 
AcquisItIon Through Mor. 

Efficient Govemment 
I'oll"clll ad pel .. lor '" Com"', .... III Elect T_III ..... - ... I , Del M.. Ca. 

JOhn Lloyd Fust: Happy Birthday . May you 
drink unt il you drop tonight. Your bosom 
buddy. (3/8) 

Typisl-IBM term paper, thes is , dissertation, 
etc. editing, rush lObS, xerox 560-8171 , 452-
1588 . (3/ 12) 

Typlnltpapers, thesis, etc . fast , accurate & 
reasonable! 452-4144 8-5 p.m. IBM Selectric 
Kathy. (3/5) 

PERSONAls 
Angelbudd les : Thanks for Everything!! 

You're great! 
Linda 8 411yson in F42 . (3/1) 

Lord 8 .D.W. Fantastic picture. You should 
go into business. Thanks (very much ) Very 
Appreciative (3/1) 

Wanted 1 athletically-proportioned woman 
5'6", 110 Ibs, for Frank to fall in love with 
can't transfer to Davis 76-n call 755-2188 
(311) 

LOST at fOUNd 
LOST - brown wallet on La JOlla Shores Rd . If 
found call 453-0540 ask for Stuart (3/1) 

LOST gold t.D. bracelet w /name - Patricia & 
date MUCH sentimental value If found 

'Pl.EASE call 452-9374. (3/ 5) 

LOST 1 month ago blue . tar sapphire ring in 
silver setting reward call Debbie 453-0622 . 
(311 ) 

LOST neurotic dog , white w/black spots, one 
blue eye one brown eye call Mark 45~57 4 
""es. (311) 

Crab I ice infest 
even the 

nicest people 

HllllnS 
CHAlliCE ' 

OICOITACT 
• Special comb 

included 
• Without a 

prescription 
at Drug Stores 

11111. 

-

Moaday, Much 1,1171 • rifoll • i UK'S 
" ," 

Season Wrap-Up 

Triton B-Ball: A Paradox 
By Dave Elsen 
Sports Editor 

. For UC San Diego basketball in 
: 1975-76, life was 8 paradox. 
: U the season were graphed, it 

: : would start high, go down, then 
: . up, and finally down again. In 
. : total, the squad was 11-15, ~ 

Forward Mark 
· Dobransky (42) was among 
UCSD scoring and rebound 

· leaders. Cemer Lyle Smith . 
: fighting for position, led the 
:. Tritons in rebounds . with 
: 156. (TT Photo: Bill Brooks) 
: league, good enough for Murth 
: place in the NAIA District 3 
; Southern Division . 
· " Realistically, I had thought 
that it would be difficult for this 
team' to win eleven games, but we 
did, and that is a credit to all the 
players," coach Barry Cun-
ningham said two days after the 
team's final contest. 

What Cunningham had once 
seen as a possible district 
championship had turned to dust, 
when five players were deemed 
athletically ineligible early in the 
practice season. 

"The whole season was more or 
less determined by the loss of 
(Gary) Nash and (Lee) Brockett. 

'; When you lose a guy with the size 
of Nash and the potential of 
Brockett, along with the others, 
well, you have to be hurt." 

The Tritons were definitely 
hurt, Without the services of 
6' lO"tramferBrockett, UCSD lost 
some credibility, along with some 
games. 

After two of the first 
.: . 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phooe _IJFE 24 hrs 

Free COuMieUng, study roo~ 
and speakers 

three non-league games, the 
Tritons lost seven of the next 
eight in December. The losses 
weren't tight ones either, as they 
included a 47-pointer to the 
University of New Orleans, and a 
41-pointer to Occidental. 

Then in a total about-face, 
UCSD won four straight just 
before the league season began. 
The momentum followed into 
league play, in which the Tritons 
finished the first half with a 3-2 
record, and m second place. 

With two teams assured of a 
play-off spot, UCSD was on the 
right track. The first half In-
cluded wins over Point Loma (91-
83) and an overtime shocker over 

USIU,67~. 
Mystically, the Tritons then 

turned back around. UCSD was 
dropped by Cal Baptist, then 
surprised by Azusa Pacific at 
home . Despite these second half 
losses, the Tritons were in a 
possible play-off position. 

Point Loma walked into the 
Triton gym and won easily, 101-
73, and finally USIU beat UCSD 
75-67, to gain the play-off position 
for themselves. 

" I am disappointed," Cun-
ningham said. "We were so close 
to the play-offs. U we could have 
beaten Azusa, or Point Loma ..... 

Despite just an 11-15 record, 
some individual records were 
erased. Mallory Mitchell, the 
team's only senior, set a season 

mark for assists (137), and a 
career mark (267 ). He fell one 
short, with 200, of Paul Trainer's 
season field goal record. Mitchell 
also led the team in points (472), 
scoring average (18.2), and field 
goal percentage (55). 

Among starters, Lee Gardner 
(72.9) and Lyle Smith (72.1) were 
the top free throwers, while 
Smith led the team in rebounds. 
Ken Melvin finished second in 
scoring (13.1 per game), followed : : 
by Mark Dobransky and Bart ' 
Bradley. 

Next year, the Tritons will have 
a head start, with everyone 
returning except Mitchell . : 
Melvin, Dobransky, Bradley, : 
Gardner, and Doug Skidmore '; 
each have one year of eligibility 
left, while 'Smith, the 6'7" center, 
has two. Bob Roe and Peter Volk 
were two impressive . 
that each got some varsity : 
playing time this year. . 

The junior varsity will make 
their annual contribution, 
probably with Doug Hafford, 
Eric Finkle, Ricky Robinson, and 
Randy Meis, among others, 
moving up. Cunningham is also ; 
busy looking for incoming fresh- . 
men and junior college transfers 
to help upgrade the talent. 

"I'm really optimistic for next 
season," Cunningham says. 
"With all those people returning, 
and some new ones, we' ll hold our 
own." 

G.uard Mallory ' Mitchell , the lone Triton graduating 
senior, le~ UCSD in eight offensive categories. He shows 
he c~n give as well as he gets in this cross-up with Cal : 
Baptist . (TT Photo: C Major) : 

:, : 

A MANDEVILLE 
LECTURE 

mort sa hi 
ST. $1.00 
GA $2.00 
TICKETS: 
UCSDBOX 
OFFICE 
452-4090 

MARCH 9 I 
TUESDAY, 8 P: _ ---.J 

'·~·-Pre-Dents-
Even the tooth fairy 

'needs help! 
THE D.A.T . ........ $emN' offor. a compre .... nsl ... 4v.. day course on con.ecullve 
weekends, designed to raise your D.4 .T. acorl. The !MImlner. utilize IeCtures,tak. homl 
materials Itrld practice O.A.T. exam • . A course to prepare for the UCSF Performance Teat 
Is IISO available . For lntomwtlGn ..... roIl ..... t _tertII, ce. : [213J ...... , or .wit.: 
D.A.' . ....... SemInar, 8I01Ia1b011.'wI . Nor1lwtdge Celli . 11324. 

Page 7 

Dave Eisen 

One-Year Exit 
Apparently , UC San Diego's 

basketball team will be minus its 
two most dominant forces next 
year. 

Coach Barry Cunningham will 
probably be sitting it out, as will a 
guy named Mallory Mitchell. 

Cunningham, considered by 
many to be one of the top 

basketba~ strategiSts in the area, 
has put ln a request for a sab-
battical, which was okayed by 
Howard Hunt, chairman of the 
physical education department. It 
still must be approved by Paul 
Saltma~, Vi~e-Chancellor of Gone in 'n? 
AcademIC AffaIrs. 

Mitchell, who led the 1975-76 Tritons in eight of ten offensive categories, 
including scoring and assists, has run out of eligibility, and will graduate 
in the Spring. Unless he stays at uam, possibly as an assistant coach, 
both he and his coach could be missing. 

In Cunningham's case, though, it will just be a one-year exit. If Saltman 
gives the go-ahead, Cunningham will spend the year working toward his 
doctorate at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro. He will be 
examining the intercollegiate athletic programs at five Carolina schools, 
and some Ivy League institutions . 

If Cunningham gets the sabbattical, it would appear that a new coach 
will be needed, Most in the PE Department prefer assistant coach Dick 
Satterlee to get the job, but according to Affinnative Action rules the 
position may have to be opened to all that want to apply. Athletic D~tor 
Judy Sweet might seek action against this, because it will just be a one-
season opening . . , 

The approach to UCSD basketball recruiting will get a change whether 
Cunningham gets his sabbattical or not. ' 

In the past, UCSD has sought junior college players, hoping for ex-
perience and talent to already be instilled in the recruited players. 

This won't be the case any more, as Cunningham says the emphasis 
will now switch to incoming freshmen. "It takes time to build a good 
team," Cunningham says, "We will be looking for freshmen, so we can 
work on their execution, both offensively and defensively." 

The present situation can be seen vividly, as UCSD will watch at least 
five players graduate next year, after just two years of basketball here. 
. Paul Tamkin, ~ 6'6" forward ~t S~ Diego's tOJ>-ranked Kearney High, 
IS at.lea~t one high school semor mterested in UCSD. Though the em-
phasIS will be on freshmen, Cunningham is also looking at some JC's, 
pre,sumably for some larger players ... 

The Jock Strip, UCSD's bible of intramural publications, reported some 
of the top performances in the Superstars competition of nine days ago. 
Bob Barmeyer ran a brilliant 6.7 in the 6O-yard dash and Linda Buchanon 
did the 5O-yard freestyle in 28.8. ' 

In the team competition, Goose Creek Ganders were the winners 
followed by No Sweat and Darkhorse. . . ' 

The Strip also reports its top ten of 1M basketball weekly. The latest 
~ll ~ound All state G~ Hands on top of the men's leagues, Intercourts 
fIrst m peewee, and Sailcats leading the coed play. 

With just ~wo weeks bef?re the opening of the Winter play-offs, three 
teams remam undefeated m coed basketball, four in peewee, and ten in 
men's. Pegasus and Masterbooters are still unbeaten in coed soccer as 
are Grabbers and Senile in men's soccer. ' 

Turkeys, Ralph, Andagain, Sticky Fingers, Pucker Up and Bumpers 
appear to be the class of the nine league coed volleyball ~hile Derelicts 
n, Bongers, Zeros, and So Far top 1-pitch softball. , . ' 

Hearings" . 
campus has requested backup support from the San Diego Police 
department . 

President Saxon is scheduled to testify Friday evening. Saxon was the 
f~al point of the demonstration Nov. 25, when students displeased with 
hIS answers to questions concerning alleged CIA presence in uc repor-
tedly blocked his path as he walked across campus. • ~~~~---------

CIl~HTERS 
SAVE UP TO 50% in '76 

_IUI' __ fromS299 * 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 Wk5. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 91 S Flights but: 
LIMITED SEAtS on long 
and summer flights 50 
book today for '76 
.... r.II ~ " .11, 

291-8141 

~ vaIoy-fqu.talolt Ildg 
1 W (.nino del 110 SoutfI 

S,D .. CA 92101 
• MinImum fare wt.icto rites d.-

on dot. .. lang'" of fIiIw. 

OUD 
[[u@(1[]~~@[fij 
Instrument 
"DEMO VAN" 

IS coming 10 your campus. 
Thursdoy, March 4 10-1 

Park ing lot 12A 
(Eosl of graphics 

and reproduclton) . 
You Are Cordially Invited to 

S~ Our Eu/J Line of 

O' • ..",apIIie"' 
x-v AND STRIP CHAAT 

RECORDERS 
DntnISt:rIbe,. 

STRIP CHART RECORDERS 



BOA. . . , 
staff repre;e tative on the board. 

Murphy .1a that Bookman will 
work witl BOA, as its ad-
ministrativ ~ .ffieer. Bergevin said 
they will work' on an equal level, 
with neith r having final power 
over the other. 

In areas of real disagreement, 
&rgevin said, Murphy will act as 
the final arbitrator. 

The inclusion of a Student Center 
staff person on the board had been 
a major point of contention bet- . 
ween the students and Murphy. 
Previously the proposal included a 
representative of the EDNA 
workers, and Murphy objected to 
having people sit on BOA 
representing its employees. 

" Their relationship to BOA 
would be as employees of the 
board," he said. 

However, students revised the 
proposal to include a represen-
tative of all Student Center em-
ployees, including EONA, the 
secretaries and the custodial staff. 

Two areas of disagreement have 
not been entirely worked out. 

Payment 
Students have maintained the 

BOA members, because of the 
work they will do, should be paid. 
Murphy has objected to this 
because he feels BOA should not be 
singled out for payment when other 
time consuming panels like the 
student registration fee committee 
and the program review com-
mittee, do not receive similar 
consideration. 

At the Feb. 20 meeting Murphy 
said the compensation issue was 
addressed " in its general terms." 
While no final decision was 

Metzler. .. 

reached, a study of the i!isue is 
being made by Bob Simon, student 
co-ehairman of the reg fee com-
mittee. . 

Simon, according to Murphy, is 
reviewing the compensation 
situation at other UC ~ampuses 
and is attempting to weigh all UC 
San Diego student committees 
from most strenuous, in terms of 
time and effort, to least strenuous. 

BOA members will get paid, " if 
their service is demonstrably 
different" from other committees, 
Murphy said. 

Bergevin is "fairly certain" that 
members will receive com-
pensation, although he adds that 
payment may not come until next 
year and then be applied 
retroactively. 

The other issue still to be 
determined is BOA's control over 
the hiring and firing of Student 
Center persormel. Bergevin said he 
feels that BOA, along with Book-
man, will submit opinions on 
personnel questions to Murphy. 

BOA's power in this area will be 
"mostly advisory ," Bergevin said, . 
with "no direct hiring and firing 
power." 

Murphy said that while there is 
" no certainty" yet on the outcome 
of the personnel issue, " students 
must be actively involved in the 
se lection process ' of Student 
Center employees. 

Bergevin was very enthusiastic 
over the possibilities of BOA. He 
said this will be " the first time 
there is so much student input in 
the Student Center," and added 
that he forsees an " active and 
strong role" for BOA. 

provide. Such students find themselves in a position where they are 
paying for a health center which carmot take care of them. Metzler 
herself had to seek out other health facilities after her university's 
center refused to help her. The refusal came as a result of an incident 

~~ere the center had improperly treated Metzler, resulting in further 
ID)ury. 

Me~ler also ' spoke last Monday to the Chancellor's Advisory 
Conuruttee on the Physicall~ Limited. She has made many such 
speeches throughout the nallon. Usually her emphasis is on the 
treatment of disabled individuals by the medical institutions. Both of 
her talks on campus were arranged by the DSU. 

SHARE THE RIDE 
WITH USTHIS 

WEEKEND 
AND GET ON 

TO A GOOD THING. 
Us means Greyhound, and a lot of your fellow students 
who are already on to a good thing. You leave when yo u 
like . Travel comfortably . Arrive refreshed and on time . 
YOU 'll save money, too. over the increased ai r 
fare s . Share the ride with us on weekends. Holi days . 
Anytime . Go Greyhound. 

GREYHOUND SERVICE · 
ONE- ROUND - YOU CAN YOU 

TO WAY TRIP LEAVE ARRIVE 

_os Angeles $6.51 $12.37 4.00 6:30 
3anta Barbara 10.72 20.37 6:30 12:35A.M. 
Sa Bernardino 7.29 13.85 5:00 8:50 
Santa Ana 5.20 9.88 5:00 7:00 
Bakersfield 11.59 22.02 5:00 11 :50 

Ask your agent about additional departures and return trips 
MR . J.J . ENDERS 

D IS T R Ie T MAN AGE R 
120W . BROA DW AY S.D. 92101 

[714 ) 
239 - 1289 

_ r:r.GO GREYHOUND ri!:I ... and Ilavllhl driving to us e 

Moaday, Marcb 1,11'71 

Atomic Cafe: Tomorrow's Bamboo 
Grove Is Today's FedMart 

by Alex Bennett 
Staff Writer 

Every other Tuesday night the 
Atomic Cafe presents a varied 
program of original music in an 
informal atmosphere. Here, UC 
San Diego musicians perform their 
latest explorations in the medium 
for an audience prepared for some 
irmovative and challenging ideas. 

The Atomic Cafe was started 
three years ago bv noted oianist 
Jean-Charles Francois, currently a 
professor of music and UCSD. He 
got the idea from similar music 

the control booth, "Does he know 
it's tonight?" A little later, he 
repeated the question. 

Shortly afterwards, the lights 
went off, leaving a spotlight 
illwninating a man playing piano 
in an abstract style. Another man 
appeared, dressed in outlandish 
clothes, with a skullcap and dark 
glasses like buttons over his eyes, 
who began singing a drawling, 
burlesqued version of the "Star-
Spangled Barmer," 

The next piece was a tape ot 
electronic music entitled "Kronos 

If it makes sound, you might hear it in concert at tt:te Atomic 
Cafe : from wood blocks .. . 
festivals that were taking place in Electron Theater," which was 
France about five years ago. played in total darkness. Its 
Although most of the current musical development followed 
pa rticipants in the Atomic Cafe are something akin to the tidal 
graduate students in the music flowings of the ocean, drawing the 
department, the series is designed listener into a strange primordial 
to be open to the whole of the rhythm. 
campus community. Artists from After that, Cage's " Amores" 
various fields are invited to per- was performed by a percussion trio 
form their inventions, in an effort on tom-toms and woodblocks. This 
to obtain a multi-media program. piece featured complicated in-

Prent Rodgers , the present terplay between the three per-
director of the Atomic Cafe, says cussionists, making for a very rich 
that for him, the series is a way to piece, considering the simplicity of 
" listen to my friends ' music in a the instrumentation. 
relaxed atmosphere ." He values There were a couple of other 
the informal arrangement of the electronic music tapes, the eerie 
series, which allows a wide variety and haunting " Alaya-Vijnana" and 
of original artistic concepts to be the jungle-like "Cosmic Orangutan 
presented without a restrictive Factory." Another piece was 
format. " Wakamilefera ," which was 

Last week was my first exposure mostly three people walking about 
to the Atomic Cafe. All I knew was in choreographed steps, bending 
that it was supposed to be pretty metal sheets to produce sound. The 
avant-garde. My editor warned me effect was heightened by the use of 
that it would be " interesting." So colored lights, which flashed on the 
a t eight Tuesday evening , I metal sheets when they were bent. 
wandered into the Mandeville The most interesting piece was 
Recital Hall , deep in the innards of " Balloon Music." On one side of 
that building. the hall , two men sat playing 

It seemed an appropriate set- balloons. They blew on the balloons 
ting: a dark-walled, dimly-lit through metal tubing, making a 
room, with chairs and odd in- droning noise. Then, in the opposite 
struments scattered about. I sat corners of the hall, spotlights_fell. 
for . a while, wondering if I was on two other musicijlns who were 
.~~~~~~. !~?~~. _ ~_~~one called from playing strange stubby woodwinds. 

Ir·:·:·:·:·:ATT:ENTION:·:·:SMOKERS:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·~ 
~~~Have you smoked at least a pack of cigarettes11~: 
~~~ a day for the last two years? You're invited to ~~~ 
::: . . . ~::: ~:~ participate In an interview study for pay. ~ii~ 

iit.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::::::.:::.:::.:.:::E:.:::~:;:~;:::::~:::::::::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.J. 

29 times 
a day. 

-.--------

---1 

These two entered into a musical 
dialogue, responding to one 
another with changing intensities 
of tones. . 

Two more musicians joined In, 
one on plastic plumbing pipes. The 
piece took on a jungle-like sound, 
as each instrument insisted on 
making its statement. The con-
clusion was a releasing of a dozen 
helium balloons fitted with 
whistles of different pitches. The 
balloons rose to the ceiling, played 
out their songs amid the rafters, 
and fell one by one. 

" Balloon Music" was written by 
Prent Rodgers. The piece exem-
plifies his interest not only in 
original music, but in original 
instrwnents as well. He believes 
that a forum like the Atomic Cafe 
should encourage people to 
discover their own kinds of music. 
Rodgers finds little interest in 
following tradition, which, after 
all, had its source in this same sort 
of experimentation. 

He compares a man of ancient 
Japan , who went into a bamboo 
grove to cut a piece and blow 
through it (and so inventing a 
flute ) to himself going into 
FedMart and seizing upon balloons 
as musical instrwnents. 

Music conceived in such unusual 
forms makes unusual demands 
upon the listener. We tend to keep 
our distance from music that does 
not work upon us in ways we are 
used to. There are stock emotional 
responses we are prepared to 
make, and if the music does not 
stimulate them, we think there is 
nothing in it. However, if we open 
our minds to this experimental 
music, we find that it will speak to 
different parts of our imaginations 
that perhaps have not been touched 
before . The result is a strange and 
otherworldly voyage for the 
imagination that has the spirit to 
take it. 

... to pvc piping . 
photos : Bill Brooks) 

THIS IS YOUR PROGRAMME: 
ONE YEAR..! 

APPlY TO: 

(TT 


