
the 
&sel 
·s. 
lon, 
;AT 

~ds 
lion 
II to 
kuU 
get 
in-~ul1 

~he the 'on ~h 
~ at 
orth 
lson 

fred 
Dr. 
lese 
ible 
• of 

[Ull-
I on 
for 
lors . 
lnd 
lout 

ave 

on 
im· 
the 
The 
110 

Vet-Med 
Expansion 
Plans Scrapped 

by Chris Bowman 
Staff Writer 

SACRAMENTO-The California 
Postsecondary Education Com-
mission last week released a report 
recommending that UC plans for 
veterinary medicine school ex-
pansion be scrapped. 

In a 100-page study prepared for 
the commission's Feb. 9-10 Bay 
Area meeting, the commission 
staff said that there is no statewide 
shortage of veterinarians to justify 
expansion beyond 128 vet-med 
students per class at UC Davis. 

The report also rejected a recent 
proposal in the State Legislature 
for a second vet med school on the 
Riverside or Irvine campus. 

The report says immigration of 
roughly 100 practicing 
veterinarians a year, along with 
the 94 annual graduates of UCD's 
vet med school, will enable 
California to " reach the optimal 
number of 17.5 veterinarians per 
100,000 people" within a decade. 

This conclusion contradicts 
findings of several recent studies 
revealing a statewide veterinarian 
shortage, including one prepared 
in 1973 by William Pritchard, Dean 
of the UCD Sct}OQI of Veterinary 
Medicine. 

The 23-member commission will 
take action on the report at its 
meeting April 12. The legislature 
cannot authorize new sites for vet 
med or any UC program without 
the commission's recom-
mendation. 

UCD's veterinary school 
currently accepts 94 students id'its 
entering class. With the 
remodeling of existing facilities 
and completion of a new teaching 
faci lity funded under the 1972 
Health Sciences Bond Act and the 
Governor 's proposed 1976-77 
budget, the school could enroll 128 
stUdents starting fall 1978. 

The commission staff approved 
expansion of the program to 128 
students , but recommended 
against its plans for an additional 
52. 

The staff also found no need to 
expand the number of animal 
health technician programs in 
California's commooity colleges. 
It recommended a moratorium on 
'uch programs beyond the seven 
scheduled for 1976. 

Long-range UCD policy calls for 
an enrollment increase to l~vet 
med stUdents per class for the first 
three years of training, and 
relocating fourth-year students in 
two specialized off-campus clinics. 
This $13 million expansion would 
make UCD the largest of the 19 
accredited veterinary schools in 
the nation. 

Earlier this month UC President 
David Saxon, backed by .UCD 
Chancellor James Meyer, sent a 
proposal to the legislature to 
create a $2 million field clinic in the 
San Joaquin Valley for training in 
food-anlmal practi~. 

The facility is needed, UCD 
officials contend, because of 
deClining nwnbers of livestock in 
the Davis area. 

Coatb ... ed .. Pap. 

A represe(1tative of the Anti-CIA coalition yesterday urged 
students to protest America's Angola policy and CIA in-
volvement with .UC. At the rally, held on Revelle plaza, she 
said that President Saxon will never bar the CIA from UC 
campuses because he fears losing government funding. 

The sparse crowd on the plaza also neard Larry Wright, a 
longshoreman, who said that a victory by the Popular 
Movement for the Liberation of Angola would be another 
step in the struggle to change the American system. 

Buses And Bikes Both 
Possible For Del Mar ~,---... 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

The "buses or bikes" question of 
whether Del Mar should use its gas 
tax monies to construct a bikeway 
or to pay for a bus route through 
the city has been hotly debated 
over the past few weeks. 

Del Mar City Manager Wayne 

Dernetz said yesterday that Del 
Mar may be able to afford both, if 
the state will permit the city to use 
mass transit funds to pay for the 
bus line. 

Step Toward Approval 
The Del Mar City Council took a 

preliminary step towards approval 
of the bikeway by unanimously 
supporting the plan for the trail 
last Tuesday. The plan will now go 

. before the State Coastal Com-
mission for consideration. 

If approved, an economic impact 
study will be made on the plan, 
which will then be submiUed to the 
council for final approval. 

FrhIay, Fellruary ZI, 1171 

Hearings Open Monday 
saxon May Visit UCSD To 

Testify on Wednesday 
by Mark Stadler 

News Editor 
Disciplinary hearings for ten 

students charged with violations of 
university regulations at the Nov. 
25 demonstration are set to start 
next Monday. David Saxon will 
probably appear Wednesday. 

The hearings are scheduled for 
Monday through Wednesday, with 
morning sessions to start at 9:30 
and afternoon sessions at 1: 30 in 
the Recreation Gym conference 
room. 

" Wednesday is a ballpark 
estimate" for when President 
Saxon will testify , according to UC 
associate cooosel Milton Gordon, 
who will repre!ient the university 
at the hearings. 

Saxon's testimony is considered 
vital to the students' case, was one 
of the major reasons why the 
hearings were postponed from the 
original January date. Saxon said 
he could not appear then. 

Not Eftougb Information 
Another reason for that post-

ponement was the students' at-
torneys' contention that UCSD 
officials had not fulfilled their 
request for additional and 
necessary infonnation in enough 
time for them to integrate it into 
their defense. 

Donald Nunn, one of three at-
torneys representing the students, 
said yesterday that the ad-
ministration had since provided 
the information, which included 
statements from scheduled 
university witnesses and copies of 
the regulations allegedly violated 
by the students. 

Nunn also said that Robert 
Lugannani, UCSD physics 
professor who will serve as hearing 
officer, had rejected their request 
for a larger room for the 
proceedings. Last month Peter 
Schey, another of the student's 
attorneys, said that hearings held 
In the rec gym conference room 
would only be "quasi-open ." 

Fifty spaces have been aUoted 
for open seating by Lugannani. 
According to Fourth College Dean 

Continued on Page 7 

McElroy: No 
Incompetence 
I n Saxon Visit 

Chancellor McElroy has 
responded to a letter from the 
SBPC which had asked for specific 
information concerning the events 
of UC President Saxon's visit to UC 
San Diego, which was interrupted 
by students protesting against the 
ClA. 

In the letter, dated Feb. 5, 
McElroy said that Saxon's office 
had not expressed concern to 
UCSD officials that someone 
should be pUflished for the 
demonstration in which Saxon was 
allegedly threatened. 

Saxon did send a message to 
McElroy on the morning after the 
Nov. 25 demonstration expressing 
his displeasure wii.h what had 
happened and demanding an ex-
planation. 

The Chancellor's letter also 
contends that UCSD officials did 
not act in an incompetent manner. 
In response to the SBPC question, 
" 00 you feel there was any in-
competence on your part or those 
whose responsibility it was to 
prepare for the Presidents visit?", 
the chancellor answered with a 
simple " No." 

Med School 
Dean Denies 
Drug Charges 

John Moxley III, dean of the UC 
San Diego medical school, has 
denied charges that UCSD is 
engaged in the manufacture of 
drugs. 

Moxley, in a press conference 
Tuesday, responded to charges 
made by San Diego Chargers 
football team owner Eugene Klein 
that UCSD psychiatry professor 
Arnold Mandell had dispensed an 
excess amount of amphetimines to 
several football players on the 
Charger squad during the 1973 
season and that several types of 
drugs were being synthesized at 
UCSD. 

According to Dernetz, the plan 
could cost as much as $70,000 per 
mile for the three mile trail, which 
would be built along Camino Del 
Mar. The city would finance the 
trial's construction mainly with 
gasoline sales tax revenues I 
amounting to $120,000. 

Tried Honestly 

McElroy defined what the 
charges were against the students 
and how the hearing process will 
be conducted. He also described 
what the punishment would be, if 
any was dispensed. 

"First, let me assure you that no 
drugs of abuse have ever been 
synthesized in any laboratory 
operated by our department of 
Psychiatry ,It Moxley said. 

"There is no need to synthesize 
drugs such as LSD, marijuana or 
cocaine because for legitimate 
research purposes, such drugs are 
available under stringent 
regulations from either federal or 
commercial drug manufacturers," 
he continued. 

Concerning Mandell's alleged 
misconduct with the Chargers 
during the 1973 season when be was 
hired by then Head Coach Harland 
Svare to work with the Charger 
squad, Mcmley said, "from what I 

C_~OIlP .. e. 

The remaining monies for the 
trail would come from the state 
parks and recreation bond issue 
election, the federal community 
development block grant, the 
county's bike trail fund and a 
" bike-a-thon ... 

Plans for subsidizing the San 
Diego Transit Corporation to ex-
tend Route 41 through Del Mar are 
tentative. However. in a meeting at 
UC San Diego with Asst. Business 
Manager . Ken Bowers and SO 
Transit officials, Del Mar Mayor 
Richard Rypinski said that Del 
Mar cou·ld afford the bus route. 

Eligibility Questioned 
It would cost Del Mar $30,000 a 

year to subsidize route 41. Del Mar 
officials have proposed paying this 
subsidy from their transit fund of 
$40,000 per year. 

" However," Dernetz said, 
"there is a question of the 
eligibility of these foods. Under 
state law you can't use more than 
2S percent for bus service. Seventy-
five per cent Ii the flUIds are 
designated for mass transit." 

COIIUnued 011 Pale' 

Robert Lugannani Continued on Page 3 

City Asks SDG E Rebate 
To Customers From Profits 

"San Diego Gas & Electric's (SDG&E) ratepayers are paying exhor-
bitant rates and are not being adequately protected by the Public Utilities 
Commission (PUq," City Attorney John Witt said in a petition filed by 
the city yesterday. The petition requested the commission to reduce 
SDG&E's rates by $2.7 million. 

The PUC gave SDG&E the $2.7 million increase last fall when the 
corporation testified that it was near bankruptcy. However, in the 
months after the rate increase, the corporation made record earnings. 

Unauthorized ProUts 

In the period from Oct. to Jan. SDG&E eamed $47.5 million more than 
its authorized rate of return <X 8.75 per cent, Deputy City Attorney 
William Shaffrani said. 

Witt said that the corporation's all .. Scd !i;:- :;=~-l cri=:i::·, - 3C!~l! . the 
result of baving to buy back a $16 million overcollection in 1974. In 1975, 
SDG&E also had to pay back a portion Ii its r.J million profit from a sale 
<X surplus fuel oil. 

SDG&E bad no comment on the petition. The corporation is in \.he 
process Ii investigating why Jan. 's figures were unexpectedly high. 

Last week, SDG&E asked the PUC for a $87 million rate increase. 
When the rate case resumes next Monday, the city attorney's <trice will 

attempttocancel interim hearings. 



UCSan Diego 
Jolm H. Taylor 
Editor·m-cblef 

)1Mrk Woelber 
Mll-iiD& editor 

Mark Stadler. 
New. editor 

Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J. Lowen 
Community Editor 

Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

Nathan Meyers 
Pboto editor 

Kenzie NicoU 
Business Manager 

Daniel Shawler 
Arts editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

Open Letter to Administration 
We, tbe undersigned, strongly protest the UCSD administration's 

prosecution of a group of students wbo participated in the antl-CIA 
demonstration on the occasion of President Saxon's visit last quarter, and 
we berewlth demand that aU proceedings against these students be 
dropped Immediately. The reasons for this demand are the foUowmg: 

1. The cbarge that the students violated President Saxon's freedom of 
speech is false. At DO time was Saxon prevented from speaking either on 
the steps of the gym or after bls speecb. He spoke without impediment at 
the gym, and since be left the location of the Academic Senate meeting 
before the Senate was convened, it can hardly be argued that be was 
prevented from speaking there. 

2. The action of the students subsequent to the encounter at the gym 
was an admittedly emotional response to the provocative performance of 
the President who concluded tbe discussion by categorlcaUy refumg to 
sever UC ties with the CIA. We regret the fact that an Individual spat 
upon the President and we extend our apologies to Mr. Saxon. However, 
this particular incident sbould not be used to deny the legitimacy of the 
students' response as a wbole. It would be a caricature of academic 
freedom to include within it the "freedQm" to offer portions of tbe 
University to an agency, the criminal nature of whicb is now a matter of 
public record. Indeed, because of the magnitude of the offense against 
academic freedom entailed in the delivery of part of the University up to 
tbe service of the CIA, we would say tbat it was the students who were tbe 
defenders of academic freedom on tbe occasion of President Saxon's 
visit. 

3. Not long alter his visit, President Saxon stated: "I abhor the 
recently revealed reprehensible activities carried out by members of 
(tbe CIA] in the name of national security ... But I abhor even more tbe 
violence done to reasoned discussion on the San Diego campus in the 
name of righteousness." [LA Times Nov. 27, 1975) 

As university professors, we are appalled at the state of affairs in our 
community wbich has apparently deteriorated to the point that tbe 
President of a major university can adbere to a scale of values according 
to which heckling is more abhorrent than the consistent practice [over 
thirty years] by a government agency of assassination, torture, and 
direct interference with democratic political processes In otber coun-
tries. 

The undersigned will continue to support all efforts to defend academic 
freedom by demanding that the University sever all ties with the CIA. 

MARIO BARRERA 
JEFFREY BEHAR 
BERYL BELLMAN 
CARLOS BLANCO 
DIEGO CATALAN 
ALAIN J. COHEN 
PAGEA. DUBOIS 
ROBERT EDELMAN 
CLAUDIO FENNER·LOPEZ 
EDWIN FUSSEL 
CLAUDIO GUILLEN 
GEOFFREY HARPHAN 
C.HEClIT 
ROBERT HEIFETZ 
F. R.JAMESON 
BRUCE C. JOHNSON 
JEROME KA TSELL 

SUSAN KIRKPATRICK 
REINHARD LETTAU 
HEBERT MARCUSE 
RONALD MARTINEZ 
WANDA MCCADDON 
MARY·JEANPFACF 
PAULG. PICKOWICZ 
MICHAEL REAL 
RICARDO ROMO 
ROSAURASANCHEZ 
HERBERT SCHILLER 
JOSEPH L. SOMMERS 
DAVIDVTNAS 
DON WAYNE 
DONALDT. WESLING 
SHIRLEY WILLIAMS 
WILL WRIGHT 

Calculators: No Fun 
by 

Debora Weber 
Staff Writer 

As another quarter of 
examin1hons get underway, many 
are findidg themselves victim of 
the calculator question. As 

calcula' o~ technology becomes 
more advanced, calculators 
become more inexpensive, and 
thus more available to everyone. 
However this gives rise to 
inequalities and a question of the 
educational value of the devices. 

Up until the advent of 
calculators, success on an 
exa mination of mathematical 
nature was often In terms of how 
accurate and how quickly a 
solution could be found. A thorough 

knowledge of the multiplication 
and addition tables, along with 
certain mathematical shortcuts 
wa t'ssential. And practice made 
perfect - the more often one had to 
take the square root of 169, the 
quicker one became at recognizing 
it as thirteen. 

Calculators relieve this 
"drudgery." Multiplication of two 
six-digit numbers is the work of 
seconds. But at the same time one 
finds himself increasingly prone to 
calculate simple things also. While 
working through a formula, it 
takes too much brain power to 
multiply 2 by 3 and plug a "6" into 
th question. The calculation is just 
done, making the doer nothing 
more than a button pusher. 

Continued on Page 8 

• rI.f ... 1111('8 Friday, February ZO, 1!1'76 
Letters to the Editor 

More on the Sc;heduling Strangle 
As we found out in the days of 

Nixon, the veracity of a critical 
comment is directly proportional 
to the strength of the official 
denials it evokes from those in 
power. My comment on Schedullng 
(TT, Jan. 23) has drawn out a 
number of interesting responses, 
among them a collection of inac-
curate statements by our 
Registrar, Mr. Ronald J. Bowker 
(TI, Feb. 9). To paraphrase the 
bard, me thinks the Registrar doth 
protest too much. 

Let's consider the whole range of 
responses for a moment. From 
several students and staff mem-
bers, I have received enthusiastic 
compliments and confirmation of 
items which the article discussed. 
There was also a letter (Jan. 30) in 
which Matt Hinton supPorted my 
criticisms while suggesting that I 
may have been too antagonistic to 
some people. Since he has to live 
with Sam Hinton, our " director of 
relations with schools" (i.e., the 
official UCSD J5ropaganda 
minister for high schools), this is 
an understandable reaction. Mter 
all, there were items in my com· 
ments which the administration 
would not like to see discussed by 
prospective students. 

The really telling response, 
though, has been provided by the 
Registrar (who, it is interesting to 
note, works for the same boss as 
Sam Hinton ). He missed the entire 
point of my article (that the 
scheduling procedure is not ef-
fectively controlled at a logical 
point), and assumed that it was a 
criticism of the Registrar's office. 

His remarks, rather than being 
constructive, are a petty attempt 
to discredit my observations and 
research. I would be the first to 
admit it if he had done this suc-
cessfully, but most of his com· 
ments are simply personal beliefs 
whieh show an appalling lack of 
familiarity with the way in which 
his half-million-dollar empire 
really works. 

I would not be productive to re-
discuss Bowker's misnerceptions 
point by point. I simply wish to 
emphasize that I wrote a general 

Logo Dodo 
Boo-Boo 

It is indignant to see that UCSD 
spent close to $400 on the new logo 
for the University. 

There are a number of very 
capable artists in this school, and 
they should have been considered 
first, for they would truly reflect 
the identity of this University. A 
San Diego artist couldn't do the 
same . 

On top of everything, the new 
logo for UCSD is not an original 
logo. It is but a variation of a style 
first used by Mexico '68 as their 
logo for the Olympics. Four hun-
dred dollars for an imitation? 
Whew! MARIO COOKE 

commentary (hence the use of 
general comparatives, like "there 
are many") in which a detailed 
case by case listing would have 
been inappropriate. I note that I 
have been given details of 
scheduling problems by scores ci 
students in the last three to four 
years. I have observed small 

departments invest 100 hours or 
more of administrative and faculty 
time wrestling with the scheduling 
problem each quarter. And I have 
discussed the nature of specific 
and general scheduling problems 
in some detail with several people 
in the Muir Provost's Office. 

. Continued on Page 7 

Putting a Crimp 
in the Triangle 

The take-home- examination is popular at UCSD, and well it 
should be, for it allows the student to display his grasp of the subject 
matter. If the student has done extra work , it is here that he can 
display his further understanding of the issues involved (and such 
extra research should be beneficial to the student 's grades as well). 
Within the classroom some issues are stressed and some points are 
assumed, and in his reply to the examination questions the student is i~ eff~ct, replying to the professor. Unfortunately however, here th~ 
SItuatIOn becomes triangular: the papers are graded by the T As. 

T\.,.s ..... ",tVG!"uJ .... "'c.l,;..,c. c""""' 5o r7 /lOCI' <:..::1-
, , I 

c. ... a ':J~ flO e}<o,-.5 0, ....,:.wfe ! 
or coc....rse./ ..v~ ~~ 7'-e.. .'o..i:.c. -~o~~ 
. ·J-I o~co,u5E:.. I ) -.:s Jit.10f" ::' per:'SoV'lQ....! ..• 

"In Defense of Academic Freedom .. :" 
These people who determine the life-blood of the students-his 

grades-mayor may not have attended the lectures and their 
knowledge of the material may be seve·ral years old (particularly in 
the case of "readers" ). They may not be familiar with the extra 
research sources nor the stresses issues and assumptive points of the 
lectures. . 

The result is that the papers of those mudents who work the hardest 
are frequently down-graded-the T As want simple sophomoric an-
swers, and the best students must suffer from this. Must these 
students write papers to and for the T As, limited in scope and depth, in 
orderto receive good grades, and with the resultant effect of receiving 
a poorer education? 

Certainly there are conditions which make this triangular 
relationship necessary, overcrowded classes, for example; and of 
course, not all T As lack understanding. But what does the student who 
knows he has wriUen a good paper, yet received a poor grade do about ~ , 

Obviously there is no simple answer, but it seems that a good start 
cou~d be made by the lecturers if they used a class period or two to 
review the test and answer questions. A grade on a paper does not 
constitute understanding unless the student knows why he got that 
grade. 

UCSD should not become a diploma-mill; it should educate. And 
ljomehow the triangle must be broken, or like the " eternal triangle" 
someone gets screwed. TRACY VALLEAU 

All Sorts of Bias 
Bravo! May I come forth and, 

hopefully, not be the first to ap-
plaud Richard Stevens for a truly 
courageous, compelling analysis of 
an ignored, sometimes hidden 
social problem in his article, " Who 
Cries For Gregg?" (TI, Jan. 9) . 

Finally, someone has the for· 
titude to publicly reveal the bias of 
racism. Emotions can cloud any 
knowledge concerning the true 
motive behind racism-bias. Our 
society , ignoring the tragic in-
justice done to all people in its 
eagerness to prove its liberalism 
toward minorities, becomes as 
racist as it purports not to be. 
Curiously, when a minority is 
insulted, their cultural heritage 
and proud dignity are at stake; 
when a white kid is murdered, 
another statistic is added. 

Racial violence in schools, to be 
specific, is not only " not common" 
but it is an everyday confrontation. 

The problem is that faculty and 
administration realize that this 
problem exists, but from fear of 
being ca lied ra cist or prej udiced 
they respond with feeble punish-
ment. 

Concealed behind the cloak of 
justice, the Student Committee 
Against Racism (SCAR), backing 
minorities on all issues-right or 
wrong--behaves like an 
organization less attempting to 
fight for justice, than to promote 
the minority movement. Their 

~~~~m~::~u~~~ ~~~~~~e~!,:~: 
their own vigilante system of 
justice. 

We ignore the race murder of a 
H;·year-old committed in cold 
blood, while front page headlines 
are given to a chicano who was 
shot while fleeing from an officer 
of the law. I congratulate Stevens 
on his courage to come forth and 

shed light on such a dilerruna. 
However, let us not stop at simply 
reviewing the tragedy of Gregg 
Cline, let us put an end to gangs 
who use extortion and terror as 
their trademarks in grade school. 

stevens' last line, " There are one 
hell of a lot of hypocrites around 
here," rings shameful notes of 
recognition; for we are a bunch of 
hypocrites. Nobody seems to give a 
damn about the white kid in our 
over-zealous' efforts to prove our 
liberalism. 

I don't advocate racism as a 
weapon to be used against anyone, 
but I do plead fairness and justice 
for all; Stevens Is right, if we cry 
for Tato, let us cry for Gregg. 

STANREJD 

FrIday, February ZI, 1971 

Body Don~tion Program 
Alternative to Funeral Costs 

As well as aiding doctor and 
students in anatomical research, 
the Body Donation Program 
(BDP) is an economical alter· 
native for people who wish to avoid 
the cost ci a large funeral. 

People wtJo wish to donate their 
bodies to the UC San Diego School 
ci Medicine . must first fill out 
forms ouUining their medical 
histories. When a donor dies, an 
attending person notifies the'BDP 
which arranges to have the body 
picked up and delivered to John 
Sykes, program director. 

If the death occurs outside San 
Diego County, the cost of tran-
sportation must be handled by the 
survivors of the deceased. Donors 
pay $45 for storage and 
preparation of the cadaver. Mter 
the b~ies are used for study, the 
remains are cremated and 
disposed of by burial at sea. 

5000 on File 
Presently the BDP has the 

names of 5000 donors in its files and 
receives about 10 bodies a month 
for use by the medical school 
director Roger Marchand said 
recently. Marchand, an anatomist 
at the med school, said that most of . 
the bodies donated are used by 
medical students in anatomy 
classes for dissection. 

The BDP preserves the bodies in 
an anatomical preparation room 
below the Office of Learning 
Resources for up to five years. At 
present there are 54 bodies in 
storage. The average age of the 
donors' bodies is 70 years old ; the 
youngest one is 30. 

If the BDP receives too many 
bodies for its uses, it transfers 
them to other medical schools. 

The BDP encourages people to 
donate their bodies to anatorrucal 

McElroy ... 
Acc~rding to McElroy, Saxon 

was briefed before he answered the 
questions Oil the day of his visit. 
The Chancellor also contends tha't 
although people were less than 
satisfied with Saxon's answer the 
UC president "tried hone~t1y 
candidly and directly to answer th~ 
range of questions that was put to 
hi. " m. 

The SBPC has requested the 
infonnation from McElroy in order 
to make a decision as to whether 
the other c.ampuses should become 
involved with the hearings. 

r~arch, and hopes that people 
Will become more aware of the 
uni9ue services they offer. 

Statewide 
Demonstration 
Is GSU Topic 

The Graduate Student Uruon 
( ~SU) last Thursday night 
<J.is~uss~d t~ possibilty of par· 
tlclpatlng 1D a state-wide 
demonstration March 2 protesting 
state government spending cut-
backs. 

In addition, union members 
heard that Language department 
faculty have filed complaints 
against several GSU people for 
allegedly disrupting classes during 
the work stoppage last fall . 

A meeting has been scheduled 
for Sunday in the student Center 
with other student organizations to 
discuss a possible UCSD gathering 
connected with the March 2 
demonstration, set to happen in 
Sacramento . 

This action is apparently in 
conjunction with the GSU's 
program of expanding its 
operations statewide. In addition 
the union has charged illi 
secretaries to look into the 
possibilty of joint actions with the 
UCLA graduate student union. 

Recently two GSU members met 
with the UCL.A group. At the 
meeting Thursday they remarked 
that the other organization was "in 
some ways weaker, some ways 
stronger than us." 

In other action taken at the 
meeting, memhers decided that a 
committee should be sent to 
Manuel Rotenberg , acting 
graduate student dean, " to 
demand clarification" of the 
charges being levelled at language 
grad students. 

According to people at the 
meeting the language department 
filed complaints against GSU 
~embers who, they charged, 
disrupted a language class during 
the work stoppage by verbally 
threatening the grades of students 
in the class. -

Many of the members present 
expressed concern that the ad-
ministration might handle these 
students like they are handling 
participants in the . Nov . 25 
demons.tration against President 
Saxon. 

The Triton Times Is recognized by the Communications Board of UCSD as the official 
student newspaper . Publication Is on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays durl th ~egUlar school year (except on olllcial holidays) . Editorial and ooslness OIllC~ ar: 

~:~ In 117 Blake Hall on the Revelle College campus , University of Californ ia. San 
Letters to the Edlto.r and opinion columns are welcomed . Al l submissions should be 

:YPed
h 

on a 74-space l ine on nonerasable paper. They should not exceed three pages In 
eng! double-spaced . The Triton Times reseMlS the right to edit submlsslo be 

of space limi tations or style requirements . ns cause 
For editorial , call 452·3466; for business and display adver1isements call 452·3468 
Entire contents copyright 1976, Triton TImes . ,. 

[f(W[L[L. 
~~[X]©[L~~~[X]n~ 
©~[p)©~ tr(W~ntr)f 0 
contact 
L T RICK KOOKER 
Officer Programs Office Navy Recruiting District 
Naval Training Center, Bldg. 335 San Diego, 
CA 92133 (714) 293-6444 (collect) 
Application deadline 
Apr. 16, 1976 

~I> 
I3RAIN5 

Page three 

UCSD, Zoo Share Research and Concerns 
by Dave Epstein 

Staff Writer 
UC San Diego and the San Diego 

Zoo share many areas of animal 
~esearch and concern, especially 
m chromosomal and reproductive 
fields. 

The zoo, as a privately funded, 
self-sustaining institution, is In-
terested primarily in animal 
research to benefit animals. Their 
purpose is to promote breeding 
while purchasing as few animals 
as practically possible. 

Many species of animals at the 
zoo cannot be purchased on today's 
animal market, so its research is 
almost fully committed to con-
servational and reproductive 
aspects of animals and their 
breeding. 

Animal Experimentation 
UCSD, on the other hand, is 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Foreign students and those for 
whom English is a second language 
who are interested in improving 
their writing skills are invited to 
enroll in a special section of 
Utl GEn 10. Come to HL 1254 or call 
452-2522. 

much more bio-medically oriented 
seeking disease causes and cure~ 
in animals, and looking for human 
applications from this research. 
Any res~rch that can be applied 
from ammals to humans is con-
sid.ered a great victory, for without 
anunal experimentation, most 
modern cures for human disease 
would not exist today. In this 
process, treatment results often 
cannot be predicted before ex-
perimentation. 

However, if a treatment 's 
ha rmful potential is questionable 
at an institution such as the Zoo it 
will not be used on the animals. 
The well being of each animal is 
always of primary concern. 

Although no animals are actually 
exchanged by the two institutions 
there are ongoing, cooperativ~ 

Subject A req.u ired : any un-
dergraduate for whom subject A is 
required and who is not currently 

enrolled in li t/Gen 10, Com-
munications 10 or Fourth College 
10 should enroll in litl Gen 10 for 

spring quarter or see Adela 
Karllner In HL 1254 aboul satisfying 
the requirement. 

programs of research in the 
reproductive and chromosomal 
fields. 

Kurt Benirshke, San Diego Zoo 
director of research, recently 
elaborated on these research 
programs, with some examples. 
One episode involved a colony of 
squirrel monkeys at UCSD. While 
there are minimal external dif-
ferences b~tween the monkeys, 
there are unportant genetic dif-
ferences on several levels. The zoo, 
where chromosome research is 
specialty, helped the UCSD staff 
isolate the different types of 
monkeys. 

Another time UCSD, with its 
pathology-oriented specialty 
helped to discover the cause of a~ 
evasive reproductive problem in a 
female monkey. 

Writing tutors for fall 1976: in-
terested students should apply now 
for admiSSion to litl Gen 194, the 
Teaching of Writ ing, to be taught 
spring quarter . This is a 
prerequisite for tutors, who must 
have 0 3.0 GPA, upperdivisian 
standing and writing ability. Come 
to PtL 1254 or call 452-2522 to apply 
and pick up a course description. 

NOW, FULL SCI10LARSHIP ASSISTANCE FOR 
YOUR JUNIOR AND SENIOR YEARS, PLUS A 
CHANCE TO BECOME A LEADER IN THE 
NEW NAVY. 

ruilion , book and educational fee aUinciud din thi new 2-Yr. NROT eholarship progra~ Alon With 
100 admonth to help you wl~h your liVing exp ns . And on lop of that you ha 'le an opportunity to t!ild a 

rewar 109 career for yours If In the fast-growing management area 

You mu t hav at I a til 2.5 CPA and be in good phy ieal onditi n . 

If you ca n qualify for the demanding yet rewarding nu lear field you an antic-in Ip fiv(> Vf'a~ of pm· 
ployment a a r gular avy offi er. 

For full details on thi new 2-Yr. NROT candidate program, phon or e your 10 al avy re ruj, r 

Be someone special in the Navy. 



, w 

Davis Camera Shop 1- PIaefeIJ~ e.t •• iI .ca geIa 
Discount Prices 
Canon, Olympus 

Nikon, Pentax 
, / 

. " 
. / 

,1-

Sales, Repairs, & Trades 
459-735 

I for,your copy our 
• Research Papers 

• Essays • Case Studies 
• Speeches • Book Reviews 

latest catalog of over 5,000 re-
search studies, These studies are 
designed to HELP YOU IN THE 

WE ALSO 00 CUSTOM WRITING 
MINUTE RESEARCH PREPARA TIOH of: 

1360 N, Sandburg, .1602 
Chicago, ll iino's 60610 

312-337·2704 
: ...........•.•.••••...........•••.••••••••• , ... :. 
• Cll'u c8an :DUfJo d?Efr£vio'ty Cl&atu : 

. 

• P'tUEnU : 
...... •••• ••••• •• •• •••• •• • • •• • • ••• • ••• • ••••• ••• • • e ' 

-

lonesco's The Lesson 

Chekhov's 
FriIS .. F.b 20121 8 PM MandOYllie Reeltal Hln Tickets $2 ,50/1 .50 Sludenl, 

••••• j •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• •••••••••• : 
i 

50· OFF WITH THIS AD ! 
· 
· 
· 
•............•.......•..•.•.•......•.••••......................... 

ELECT 
AI 

Tarkington 
COUNCILMAN 

• C.P.A. • ENVIRONMENTALIST 
Advocate of Open Space 
Acquisition Through More 

Efficient Government 
I'olltlcal ad paid .. by c.mml ....... fled T.Id ...... . 10. e. o.t Mot. Ca. 

rr=====SPECIAL==~ 
INTRODUCTORY OFFER 

FROM 

the casual paiR 
"QUALITY CASUAL SHOES" 

1765 GAINfl AVE , PACifIC IIACH . CAl. 92109 274 - 1471 

Where we feature the finest selection of casual 
shoes in San Diego ... brand names such as .. . 

Come in and see for yourself. 
how's Mon. - Fri. 11 AM - 7 PM; Sat. 10 AM -
5 PM; ~Iosed Sundays 

____ • ....; ________ Wi th Ihis ci rcular-------------, 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I "QUALITY CASUA!- SHOES" I l 1765 GA.NEI AVE PACIFIC lEACH . CAl 92109 174 - 1471 i 
'-------------Oller expires 2' 1 9 7b------------J 

Coltrane Showcase by 
JaZz Ensemble Sunday 

by Alex BeIUIe&l 
Staff Writer 

The UC San Diego Jazz Ensemble will perform a tribute 
to the late revblutionary saxophonist John Coltrane this 
Sunday evening at 8 pm at the Mandeville Auditorium, 
IIdmission free. The presentation will trace CoUrane's 
musical development and his transformation of com-
temporary jazz, as weU as demonstrate the scope of the 
freer musical expression he advanced. 

The performance is a part of director Cecil Lytle's 
program of exposing to the campus community the many 
moods and faces of black music. He says that this 
presentation is not intended to be a eulogy of Trane. It is 
meallt to pay homage to a great musician, through a 
creative exploration of Coltrane's musical ideas. Lytle is 
stressing a personal approach on the part of the 
musicians, so as to showcase the rine talenLs of students in 
the music department. 

The first part of the ptogram will feature a six-piece 
ensemble, led by Mel Graves. The members of the en-
semble have written their own pieces for the per· 
fonnance . The accent will be on improvisation, reflecting 
Coltrane's belief in spontaneous musical expression. 

The second part will feature a 21·piece band, playing a 
few of Trane's-favorites, and illustrating his move from 
bebop to his exploration of traditional modal chant 
structures. Featured soloists are James Zollar and Steve 
Gettier on trumpet, Hollis Gentry on sax and Skipper 
Ragsdale on drums . 

John Coltrane's contribution to jazz has placed him in 
the company of Armstrong, Ellington and Parker. He 
played with Miles Davis for two years, then formed his 
own group in 1959, along with pianist McCoy Tyner. 

He emphasized a free, personal approach in his music 
which drew from black vocal traditions, integrating the 
falsetto scream and the growl into his unique and in-
fluential style. Coltrane died in 1967, but the force of his 
innovation is still felt. 

o • 

• • 
, . 

~G) . 

Spinners Grind It Ou~ Wi~h Style 0 Delays 
by Conley Major audIence WIth a dIsplay of (ancy footwork, mal~pl,. After all, she did apologize for the hold up. 

Staff Writer . harmony, and impressive showmanship. of her overall performance did not compare 
Most fans simply voiced displeasure and mOWlting Although the sound and acoustic problems to the time she appeared in concert with Stevie 

contempt Sunday night at the Sports Arena during the they were not as noticable. The depth and She screamed too much and her ac-
Spinner's dilatory " un-concert" which lasted from 7:30 to musical accompanyment, including three by Rufus was too loud. When she sounded 
10:30, when neither Rufus nor the Spinners perfonned as in the background, gave the Spinners a much <w,,,,, ImUII perfonnance was plagued with sound problems 
billed. A few people did get indignant, lots of folks just The perfonnance resembled a Las Vegas night clu apparently never resolved. In spite of these 
walked around looking for friends, others paraded up and more than a concert. Presenting an array of varietlltlerns which were easy to overlook after so long a 
down showing off the latest styles, and two started a fight. uncommon in a single group concerts, the Spinners most people were detennined to enjoy the concert. 

Things could have been a lot worse during the 2'h hour personated music celebrities such as the hands clapped and a lot of fingers snapped to the 
delay which almost became the first 1976 major concert The Spinners (Billy Henderson, tenor; of Rufus. 

Crystal Palace Tops Week's Arts 
by Elizabeth ChimeDt 

Staff Writer 

Here are the theatre evenLs th3t are now being staged 
around town. A new play by Susan de la Vergne will be 
performed at 8 pm Friday, Saturday and SlDlday evenings 
through March 14 at the Crystal Palace Theater. The 
play, entitled " Your Good Ufe," is staged at 3789 Ocean 
Front Walk. Edward Albee's " A Delicate Balance," will 
be presented tonight and tomorrow night at 8 pm in the 
Mayan HaU, Southwestern College. Continuing on the 
weekends through February 28 is the classic Shakespeare 
tragedy, " Romeo and Juliet," at the USJU School of 
Performing and Visual Arts. 

A new art show is being exhibited 3t the Grossmont 
College Gallery, found on the campus of Grossmont 
College in El Cajon. The show is a compilation of works 
by Los Angeles artist Victor Lance Henderson. In this 
exhibition, Henderson's work takes a 180 degree tum from 
his huge, building sized murals of the 60s. The small, 
almost delicate works carryover the "New Realism" 
style of painting from his past murals, though they avoid 
the dead-pan, uncommital banality of New Realism. The 
images present a narrative statement about themselves, 
suggesting a moral evaluation of the violent disarraY of 
common objecLs presented therein .• The expenditure of 
violent energy is only insinuated, the statement being 
controlled by the careful placement of the objecLs and the 
artist's style. 

The exhibition will run through March 5. Henderson 
will lecture in the coUege gallery at 7:30 pm on March 4, 
with a reception to follow. 

A juried exhibition of paintings, sculpture and graphics 
by practicing Californian, Baja Californian and Hawaiian 
artists is now on display at the Fine Arts Gallery through 
March 28; Woven Mobility , a series of wall hangings and 
hammocks designed by Alexander Calder is now being 
shown at the Old Town i;ircle Gallery in Old Town; a show 
of fabric art and paintings by Cybil Quills is on display at 
the Unicorn Cinema in La Jolla . 

A brief reminder ... the UCSD Poetry Series will continue 
this Monday, February 23, with a reading by Alice Notley, 
at 4 pm in the Revelle informal lounge. 

catastrophy. . tenor; Phillipe Wynne, tenor; Henry 
The unscheduled postponement, an pour and 45 minutes baritone and Pervis Jackson, bass) have in the 

into showtime, was caused by Chaka Khan's failure to Jackie Gleason, succeeded as performers in 
make her flight on time from L.A, At that time, David beauty, truth, and meaning into popular song. 
Thayer of California Concerts, assured ticket holders that fractured the stereotyped adult view that the 
the feature star of Rufus would appear and perform after youth is at best only trivial rhymes and silly 

·e Burrows at Mandeville Tonight 

the top billed Spinners. Thayer stipulated that the show noise, and at worst offensive. Their show was a statel1llll 
would be held up until 10 o'clock to allow the tardy en· to that effect. 
tertainer time to arrive. The moment of truth had arrived and if would not 

Uninfonned sources indicate<1 there might have been for the faith and patience of the large crowd 
other reason for Chaka Khan's procrastination. In any unrewarded.Disappointment and frustration cOllVelrte<l' 
event, the Spinners apparently unsympathetic to either joy and relief as Thayer announced Chaka Khan's 
Thayer, or the fans, refused to perfonn before Rufus. ending the long inconvenience of the audience 

Around 10:15, something appeared to be happening and threat of financial ruin for the promoters. The 
the audience gripped their seats, anxiously awaiting word fans, packing 3/4s of the Sports Arena, shouted 
from Thayer. prehensively, realizing she was finally there on stage. 

The Spinner's finally honored ticket holders with their Half mad and half glad fans gave Rufus a 
appearance around midnight. Bringing along the whole reception. Chaka Khan performed in a 
recording studio, they contrasted greatly in size and seductive manner. Often to the delight of many 
sound to their predecessors. The smooth and beneath her, she stopped and bent over the front 
sophisticated orchestra did an instrumental salute to song stage, talDltin~ and wielding her voluptuous body 
writer Tom Bell featu~in~ a medley of hi:s ~olden hits. The rhythmic tempo. Indeed she was a sight to behold 
polished and mellow Spinners came on and dazzled the those who lust after the flesh, it may have been 

CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY, CHICO 
AND . 

SAN DIEGO STATE UNIVERSITY 
TRAVEL-STUDY 1976 

Two & Three Week Programs: (3 units included) 
• USSR & London; July 12-July 30; $1195.00 ' 
• London & Edinburgh; July 16-August 1; $798.00 (credit extra) 
• Hong Kong; July 19-August4; $845.00 ' 
• Bicentennial trip to Philadelphia; July 1-July 14; $490.00 

Four & Five WHk Programs: (6 units included) 
• London; July 18-August 6; $935.00 

Vinie Burrows will perform "Walk TogetHer 
, a one·woman show of speeches, poems and 

describing the black scene at 8:30 pm Friday, Feb. 
the Mandeville Auditorium, 

after establishing herself as an actress both 
off Broadway, launched her career as a solo artist 

Since then she has created seven distinctly dif. 
one·woman shows for the college and national 
circuit. 

Together Children" conveys the emotions and 
to a vast array of characters who are 

brought to life by Burrows. Her program, which 

Deadline Today Feb. 20 
DUf{INfr QU"RiEK&ht1( 

5 ALL DRY LIFT 7iCKfT~ 
5 Nl&HTB LOD&/Nfr 
'WE.lCO"£ f1i~Y 
2])RNCE8 
'NINE ~ CHE.E.6£. {1,qy 

features the works of more than a dozen black writers 
includes an old woman's tale of life in the slave days ~ 
Richard Wright monologue about a man who has !>e'en 
lynched, Langston Hughes' " Madame Alberta K. John-
son" and Don Lee's forceful poem, "Change." 

"Walk Together Children" opened in 1968 with critical 
acclaim in New York City. Performances throughout this 
country and Europe were highly praised over the 
following three years. A new edition of the show opened 
off-Broadway in 1974 and ran for five months, a record for 
a one-woman show in off-Broadway annals. 

Friday February 20, 197. 

APRIL 15 DEADLINE 
27 Italian Medical and 9 Veterinary 

Schools Accept American Students 
Medical and veterinary school asp irants who are thinking of ap· 
plying 10 !lalian medical schools, and their families must act 
immediate ly, New !lalian govern men I regulallons require Ihat pre-
Inscription applications be filed with Ihe !lalian Embassy in Wash . 
D,C , and !lalian Consulates, before Apri l 15. for conSideration for 
medical and velerinary school admission in the fa ll of 1976 

27 dislinguished Italian medical schools accept Americans 
Several hundred Americans now are studYing al italian medical 
and veterinary schools, 

All applications must reach the Italran Embassy and Consulates 
before April 15, Medical. dental and velerinary school aspirants 
who need assistance in language and cu!lural orientallon , and 
preparation before, during and after medica l school to enable the 
prac tice of medicine in the U.S" should conlact the Inslltute of 
International Medical Educat ion, The Insl itute has helped more 
American men and women enter European medical and veterinary 
schools than any other organization, 

Of the approximately 40,000 premeds and gradua te sludenls 
who Wi ll app ly to American medical schools ihls year , about 35% 
will be accepted, Contacl Student Information Office 

. INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL MEDICAL EDUCATION 
ProvlslDnally chartered by the Regents of the University of the Sla te of New York 

40 E. 54 St. New York 10022 • (212) 832-2089 

.Al. .00IIHIII 
(Hll"'''' 

PQ(lRY'" PRO E rrom BLACK AMERICAN EXPERIE CE 
FEBRUARY 20.8:30pm .fl J. ~ • .t.M) 
mAnDEUILLE AUDITORiUm "'" ... , .. , ''', 452-4090 

-******************************: !4 TTENTION : 
# Juniors '! ! ~d # 
* Seniors * 
* * 
* * 
* * 
* * ! Get a i 
* * i FREE Diamond!· i 
* * : When you purchase any 14K GOLD UCSD : 
# Class Ring by Solon and Co. : 
* * 
* * * Your CIa Ring * 
* * ! Repre entative will be on Campus Wed., ! 
* Monday & Tue day ;Feb. 23 & 24, 1976 * 
* * * to assist YOIl with your Cia Rilag order * 
* * • British Isles; June 23-July 21 ; $1175.00 

• Italy; June 26-July 31; $1195.00 EUFF£T ])'1'II+IEIt/!r c5tlMA'A3 * * * * : UniVeRSITY : 
• Germany; June 26-July 31; $1120.00 
• England-Italy-France; June 23-July 26; $1300.00 
• Greece & Yugoslavia; June 26-July 31; $1350.00 
• Spain; June 26-July 31; $1225.00 
• Mexico; June 21-July 24; $420.00 (Travel not included) 

All programs include air fare from west coast, room and full or partial board. 
(All travel, room & board arrangements: The University Foundation, CSUC) 

WRITE: International Programs 
California State University, Chico 
Chico, CA 95929 

:: University Book tor : 

* * # 10:00Am-~·OOntn : 
* ' * 
* * 
* * 
* * 
* * * MATIH£WS CAMPUS * 

* * 
* * e****************************** 



Contempcr y issues is oHering 
following ections in SCIENCE 
FICTION 

ctor: Dr. l. Ross 

Section 3 - SCIENCE FICTION AND 
THE MEDIA (M. 6 :00 - 7 :50 H&SS 
1138) 
Section 4 - SCIENCE FICT ION AND 
THE MEDIA (M . 6 :00 - 7:50 USB 
405OB) 
Section 5 - SCIENCE FICTION : 
FANTASY - SCIENCE FICTION IN -
TERSECT (M . USB 406OA) 
Section 6 - SCIENCE FICTION : THE 
LITERATURE OF THE PHANTASTIC (M 
6 :00 - 7 :50 USB <I060B ) 
OTHER TOPICS OFFERED : 

Section 1- RACE, SEX, AND LAW (M . 
6 :00-7 :50 P&L 1320) 
Section 2 -FEMINIST THEORY (M . 
6 :00-7 :50 APM 2101 ) 
Sectio n 7-PUBLIC INTEREST IN 

HEALTH HAZARDS (M. 6 :00-7 :50 
TEH 102 Room) 
Section 8 -EXPER~ _ _ it:!.. 
CO UNSELING AND MENTAL 
HEALTH. (tu. TEH 3(2) 
Section 9 -EDUCATION (M . 7 :00-8 :50 
TEH 302) 
Section 10 - CONSCIOUSNESS 
DISCIPLINE (Tu . 7 :00-8:50 H&SS 
1138) 
also offered by the department 
are : 

c.1. 20 , " WILDERNESS AND 
CONTEMPORARY MAN" 
and 
"COMTEMPORARY ISSUES IN 
MEDICINE , " COMMUNITY 
MEDICINE 237, WHICH WILL be 
offered jointly w ith the Dept. of 
Psychiatry. (Dr. l. Ross and Dr. N. 
Penn) 

Information and the depart-
mental stomp for the above courses 

~ rI.« •• ~ IIII('S 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 

can be obtained in the Office of 
Muir InterdiSCiplinary Studies, 2024 
H&SS Muir College. 

BAJA NATURAL HISTORY EX-
PEDITION : Spring vocation, March 
21 - 27. 7 day cruise aboard a 95 ft . 
vessel Searcher, 600 miles soulh 
along Baja's west coast to San 
Ignacio Lagoon, favorite breeding 
ground of the grey wholes. 
Exploration of Ba ja 's Pacific 
Islands: Cedros , Son Benitos, and 
San Martin . Observation and study 
of grey wholes, elephant seals, 
harbor seals, sea lions, killer 
wholes, pelicans, osprey, intertidal 
mari ne life, desert p lant com-
munities. Space is limited. Cost : 
$325, everything inc luded. Con-
tact: Dr. Fronk Rokop, 2254 Biology 
B uilding, X4770. 

Applications and supporting 
documents required to apply for 
scholarships for ' the 1976-n year 
will continue to be accepted and 
w i ll be prioritized for funding 
consideration by dote of ap-
plication. The last day to apply for 
financial aid for spring quorter 
1976 is April 2 . For further in-
formation, please contact ap-
propriate college sect ion of the 
Student Financial Serv ices Offices. 

Food and clothing drive for 
Guatemala: If you wou1d like to 
donate conned food andl or 
clothing (blankelS, jackets, 
whatever), for the Guatemalan 
people who were affected by the 
earthquake, there are boxes in the 
Student Center, Third World Studies 

Friday, February a,m. 

(MC "10) and CILAS (HL 1260). 
Donations will be given to the 
Solvation Army in Son Diego; then 
they will be airlifted to Son 
Francisco, and from there w ill be 
flown to Guatemalo. For further 
information, please call X3968. 

Writing Clinic-- If you have 
. difficulty gelling your ideas down 
on paper or you simply wont to 
improve your writing skills , the 
Writing Clinic can assist you . The 
Writing Cli nie, Is not a closs but a 
free service. Writing advice is 
offered on a one-to-one basis on 
course papers, resumes, proposals, 
scholarly articles, whc.tever the 
need. If we can assist you in any 
way, please come to HL 1254 or call 
452-2522 to make an appo intment. 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
-

Rules and Rates 

Classitieds should either be printed or typed on a 3" x 5" cwd (avaitable 
in Triton Times office) . They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The tollowing rates are to< 100 spaces - it you use more spaces. the rate 
will double . (l00spaces -· 25 cenls; 101 t0200 - 50cenls) . 

Personals -- 51 
Lost and Found - tree 
Other ads: s tuden ts -- 25 cents 
nonstudents -- $1 

Deadlines : 4 pm Friday tor Monday; 4 pm Monday tor Wednesday: 4 pm 
Wednesday tor Friday. 

Announcement.: tree. Alt announcements wltl run in the Monday 
calendar. Deadline fo< calendar: 4 pm Friday. 

(Alt additions or correclions to listings In the Scnedute of Classes fo< 
regular Unill9rslty courses wil l be charged $1) . 

For Sale-Remington electric portable 
typewriter wllh 12 Inch carriage and case 
511 0.00 call 452·0922 (2/20) 

72 VW 7·passenger van, dual air, S/lades, 
stereo tape. radiO, HID v3lvesexcl . condltkm 
27()'4411 eves & wkendS (2/24) 

Sailboat·Laser with dailey Fast . great 
condition . $750 279·2225 (2/20) 

Pivetta 5 hiking boots 8 th narrow vlbram so.le 
never worn . $40 (cost SSOI or olfer 755-5961 . 
(2/20) 

Vespa CIAO moped tor sale 10 good home 
only 4 mo. old excellenl transp . Call Eric al 
274·4594 5325 (2/20) 

Hogan pro golf bag exceltent cond 2S doll~rs 
Michael 481 -9832 . (2/23) 

Hitachi FM . 8-track stereo w /lock mount. 
Output more than most. $130. new. Wo<ks 
perfectly; 590 or best olfer : 453·4927 (2123) • 

Zenith compacl slereo AM IFM slereo. 
lurnlable and speakers. Excellent condition . 
$150 or bes t olfer453·4927 . (2/23) 

For sal~aQuarium . 15 gallon w /all ac· 
ceSSOMS. $35 00 or beSI ofter. Call 452·9615 
before 4 00. (2120) 
Skis fo< sale Hexeel 210. K2·3 207 , ROC GTX 
170. Hart free tOO K2 & Lange boots (2/27) 

MOIOrscooter Lambretta t 75cc . 68 755-
0806 12/20) 

TRAvEl 
Overseas jobs - summer, permanent. $500-
$2500 monlhlv. Auslralia. As ia. Europe'. 
Africa, South America. All fields . Invatuable 
experiences. Delails 25 cenls . Inll em· 
ployment researCh, box 3893A7. Seattle. 
Wash 98124 (311 ) 

Instant telephone contlrmaHons on all 
roundt rip charlers and lours to Europe 
($339) . HawaII ($169) . New York ($169). 
Orient ($437 1, Mexico ($199) and the Middle 
East. Oneways avaitable. Plus new, in· 
dependent experimental tours , For 24 hour 
Information/reservations call coliec t 
Westcoast student trall9l counsel AVCO 
cenler suite 790 10850 Wilshire Blvd. LA 
90024. (2131475-6865. Book no later than 65 
days before departure . (3/12) . 

EUROPE. tSRAEL - Sludent flights year 
round. ISCA. 11687 San Vicente Blvd., K4 , 
L.A .. CA 90049. (2131826·5669 or 826-0955. 
(3/121 

EUROPE. tSRAEL . Onenl . N Y TGC Low 
COSI flights . 1436 S. La Cienega BI. L.A 
90035 (71 4)735-96 t 8 or 12131652-2727. (3 /12) 
EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY. CIEE· 
STUOENT TRAvEL SERVtCES. UCSO IN· 
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12·4 pm . 452·0630. (31121 

assorted COlors . 
Design s from 
Aerosmlfrl Iv Fr:lnk 
lappa With dOlens In 
belwoon . Thesel·shlrts 
come in small, medium 
and large Sizes , Normal 
$4 00 relall sellers. 
yours for only $3.00 
each postpaid. Four 
shirts tor only $11 .00 
poslpald . Send 25 
cenls for complete 
Illustraled catatog. 

167 We t 21 t tr et New York, . 

Ski Heavenly Valley quarter break. March 21 -
26 5 all day lift Ilckets. 5 nlte lodging . 
casino. butlet . d inner, parties. Only 579.90. 
Tickets al Studenl Clr. 9-11 . 12-1. Mon to Frf. 
or call Oon or M ike at 755·8358. 

CH ARTER FLIGHTS TO EU ROPE. Sall9 up 10 
50 percent April · Oct. 2. 3. 4. 5,6 wk lilies 
weekly . PLUS 7-24 week lIighls often . BUT, 
limited space on long & summer lIights. 
Phone your San Diego headquarters for 
charters since 1961 , no lower prices with 
safety (Irus.1 accounts.) We are your 
professional c harter and travel e)( perts. 
Phone 291 ·8141 . 9-5 pm. Draper World Travet 
(3/121 

Ski Tahoe $35 3 days lodging & carta" 5 days 
Utah $1 t 0 fo< everything . (2127) 

Ski where the snow is . Crested Butte Coto. 
Spring bleak with the ski c lub $149. TICkets 
Studenl Cenler box ollice . 

WANTEd 
Used surt eQuipmenl want ed . Buy 0< sell 
used surf slulf at " Oave's Resale Surt. 407 N. 
Hwy 101 S B. -755·584811 -6 (2123) 
Need e,tra cash? Buying old U .S. coins. Al so 
.buy,ng U S silver coins minted betore 1965. 
Ken . 453·7924 . (3112) 

$25 reward for rel urn of smalt t>ack & white 
dog 755·8t05 (21201 

Female room-mate own room In Solana 
Beach. SB5 per monlh call . 755-8850 eve. 
(2/23) 

Wanled -- amiable woman for bndge partner . 
Need not be expert . Call John 27t ·0655 . 
(2120) 

LOST & fOUNd 
LOST 2/10 Cr or "S" Muir lot gold cno~er 
necklace , 3 h earts w Jroses. Sentimental 
value only ! JG 453-7866 (2 /20) 

FOUND · Timex walch between Urey Hall & 
• Wesl parking lot claim In n olfice (21 20) 

LOST yellow notebook wilh Bio 11 notes & 
bi~ book Please!! relurn 10 TT office (2 /20) 
LOST - 12x 12 woodblock art. W .. & oil . 4 pm 
Urey pk lot thru 217 Flora Efi l abe1h LUBO-
UCSO phone 454-0906· Ret to campus pollee 
(2/23) 

LOST-plain manilla enll9lope w/statlstic. & 
fonran notes. I need it! Please call Kathy 459· 
3993. (2/20) 

$25 reward for re1urn of small black & white 
dog . 755-8150. (2/20) 

FOUND: Sincla ir pocket calcula tor In USB 
2722 desc ribe It and irs your. Fed 755-9077 
(2/23) 

FOUND-one Parakeet near Muir. Call 453-
9638. 121201 

LOST - "UCSO" spiral notebook of malh lB 
noles 452,8834 Steve 12'20) 
LOST-One manlta envelope conlaining 
musli n skirt to< Drama 19 project. Left in 
bookstore Fri. Call 453-91 t6 Gall Jalfe (2120) 

ItOUSiNG 
FEMALE' roommate wanted to share 2 BR Del 
Mar duplex same. Nice, partly turn lshed, t I;' 
01 . 10 beach quiet with yard . $112. Andrea 
755-9221 (2/18) 
ROOMATE WANTED 10 share lownhouse 3 
ml from UCSO 95lmo. & ulitilies call 
evenings 453-7367 (2120) 
Roomate wanted to share 2 bedroom 2 balh 
Mission Beach apartment. On beach fully 
furnished $90/ month 488-7677 (2/20) 

Roommate·own room In Genesee Highlands 
town house . S77 50 piUS utilities non· 
omoker . no pets. 452-8662. (2/20) 

Rmate to share 2 BDR. t BTH . semi· 
furnished , townhouse, overlooking Wind and 
sea. 51751 mo. Fireplace . private garden. 
laundry tac ilities. no pels call Vicki . 454-8962 
eves. wkends . (2/20) 

FOR RENT. Own room In peacetul ocean 
beach house. Clean lighl . yard , quiet -Ideal. 
All ulilities included. $100. Steven . 222-7t95. 
27().t059. (2/27) 

Am male wanted beautilul dm hse own rm 
available Mar 1. F preferred call 452-2003 
day. or 755-1334 eves (2/27) 

• SERVICES 
TYPing - Marilyn would like 10 type your 
paper . Ihesis. book . She Is experienced. fasl , 
reasonable and has a correcting IBM . Ptease 
call her at 565-7000. (2120) 

Learn to satt beginner class. Starts 2/21 
Lessons for $10.00 call 274-2564. (2 /20) 

Blues harp lessons for serious beginners 
experienced and pallent teacher calt 212-
8532 . (2/25) 

PERSONALs 

Ralph. Thiin> for the nice weekend. I think 
rm in 10119. XXOO . (2/20 ) 

To lhe person Who lurned In my yellow wa llel 
with the money In It . Thank you for your 
integr ity . (21201 • 

I care. 
(2/20) 

The girls at SOSU say happy BO to JOE 
MCPROUTY and invite him to a rousing party 
for him Frtday Nitet (2/20) 

Kitty I hope It lasts mo<e than a day . Happy 
Birthday buddy. stoney or not . S.B. (2120) 
Mr. Rice Pifaf: 

We 10119 you ! ! 
The Cookbook Queens (2120) 

Denise sorry I OIl9r1ooked Vatentlnes· Howze' 
bout" it. Lei 's stay buddie's- Huh?? Daniel 
(2120) 

To AHUVA . DOUG . PHIL and KEVIN 
(especially) - Sorry about Tuesday night. 
Sincerely . your BUMBLING CAPTAIN . (2/20) 

Beware of lhose Chabad classes . They'lI 
blow your mind . chassidlc philosophy . 
Jewish Heritage. inlerested call 286-4747 ask 
fo .. Yonah (2 /25 ) 

AFS·ers·Come 10 our orgy! Any AAs or 
alumni interested In gelling together. Come 
to the Student Inl"l Ctr. Lounge . on Tues. 
Feb . 24 al 7 :30 pm. It you can 'l come, call 
453-1284 . See you there. (2/23) 

M. Eric Blake: A betated Happy Valent ines 
day - by a couple of years. PS you blew It 
fondty , your ex-harem (21201 
Frank·the infaluatlon, is reciprocated. I'm 
not tor a raging love altair. Your move fuuy 
face . (2/201 

FrIday, February ZI, If78 

Hearings ... 
Gary FrOst, who is working with 
Lugannani on the hearings, 
sign ups for the seating will com-
mence Monday morning at 8:30 at 
the Recreation Gym. 

Seating will be limited to 
members of the UCSD community 
and people will only be allo~ed to 
attend one session. Frost said that 
people will. hav~ . to . show their 
wliversity IdentifICation at the 
s ignups. 

A rally has been scheduled for 
Monday noon at Revelle plaza to 
protest the charges against the 
students. Rally organizers had 
hoped to stage the gathering on the 
Gym steps, but Vice Chancellor 
and Dean of Students Affairs 
George Murphy has held that no 
events are to take place in the area 
of the hearings during the three-
day period. 

COP1ES 
CIIIIr 
... 31L¢ 110 
:'n / 2 -

K_0I2 LOCATIOIII 
tlOl% ..aI'" I14-UU 
It .. c:oua'ft.II7"tlt 

HIGH QUALITY 
SECRETARIAL SERVICE 

In Mission Valley 
Specializing in Thesis Typing, 

Reports, Manuscripts, and 
Business Work 

280-3343 

COLLEGE GRADUATES 
Why sett le for a job when you can choose a career? You 
may qualify tor a chal!eng;ng profession as a 

LAWYER'S ASSISTANT 
The Paralegal Institute 

WILL BE !!'\:S'W IEW!NG GRADUATES O~ CAMPUS 
February 27, 1976 

INTERVIEW TIMES ARE NOW BEING SCHEDULED 
Un iversity Placement Off ice 

/,,'\elll'A11 
1l10IA11 Jev~eLllr 

The Perfect Gift 
Pieces fOf rfle co l/erlor 

dS well ciS 
the dlscllmmJtmQ IfhesIOI 

o ldpawftdnd 
co,.remuorafy deSigns 
b'l DaVid "hgh llngC:He 

The Pteb,an I ndlan Arts 
BJ4 Kline. La JOlla. 45 4 - 1 B88 

opel! (J,llIv MOil ~,11 GAL 6 Mt 

CBISTID 18TTI 
·lfS.ltS , 228.IS 

BUS PACKAC! AIR PACKAC! 

J FULL PAY11IH1' DUE: FeBRUARY 20 I 
Deadline Today Feb. 20 

(Sprina Qu!rur Iruk) 
In ~th_.Ur" C010rlOO IJ~. tIM' 01(1 ...... urf •• J01"8 to ... n of Cr".twd II.I'1:t., The tOWl, "HII 
III qullnt Victoria" hou ••• 11K! IhopI, Ylrlet,. of' r~.t_nnt . , bars and " kk-kb/t('1!." _t-.o.. 
phere i. r_inl~nt: or dil)'1 p •• t. in (.'C,IIl l nlt let 1M tCMl. the ,kl 11""1 with h, (!0Mp1 •• 
of condc.in1u.., 10<1&"1, r •• uurant. & b.r •• nd .bop. Ia eGIIIp.C't lind rlsht .t the -..nUln; 
Md wh.t • .wnh1n 1t b! Ne.tl~ ~ the towed ..... anaw rove red Roclo.)' f'uunuina , 'nd In 
• lorl1 " windi,. v.LLey li .. "The lutte", with moer !i60 Hi.bla acru, .Il II'!,,-lclld by 1 
c.bin CU, !i double chair. and 1 pGIft •• Tnily. Mje.tic .aunt.ir\. 

UCSD s."WW SK I CI .UB 

~~:t!~~.~~r: ~~r!:1.~~*·1[t9 p!~ ,~i~!~t:'':t:;;~'': ~:~!"~irl~~:~'; b.r ':0 
t'!c:&!d:noo:!: ~~:~.~:n=l:~"';~~P;~\.!:1! il l~~i ly T~:Ui:-'~.AUX t ~en •• N I'ff"'':: 
tion r_ lind h.8UoI pool IIII''' " I • ., un th~ ".·_1.~ • . LbIoJt:ed Sp~ A .... Jlable. 

t..Jf1 TIg.eTS for riv. dillY', 1000 on all racillt .t •• at Cr .tt.d But-t •• 

tMNl?r~H~ ~r t~e '~~JP~C!fh!; :~~l r;c~t !~ 1 C~~::' r::~d c~:n~o..!~!~r~nt:. 
Anl.l.a!Cum"on/l.o. """,.1 .. on lJnJted .nd rrnnt I.t Air Line. . fr.n.r .... tQ/ frOlll 
t he .iroport .nd Cre.t~ Bult. lire induded . 
~ • •• ,. Vln. " Ch .... I' rly. IIIln.-<*I.tae1a R.c' , "'1' Sl.Lc., d111CGWlI on • NASTAJI 

r ac! .nd the r •• taurolntt " bar. t..n Cr .. c.d lutte .ro. phnnl"l .pechl 
~V@Rt:. an.J dlmer., 

IUS ITJNI,RMY 

t~:::,:~ !~ :::::::::::::::::: 
Hcotld.y - frJd. / . "al"Ch II - i6 ... ... 
rrld.y , "'l'Ch l6 ••••• • •• •••••••••• 
Sa- t:ul"d.y. " IH'CIt 21 ......... . .. ... .. . 

AlA It'MtfW.'( 
, .turd.y, M.rch 20 

Sunday - Ft,,,.,., Mlllt'clt al • H ...... . 
Saturda)', "'~ Z1 ._ ••••• •• •••••• ••• 

U~ SNOW SKI eWe 
tA .... e rrc. .!'hoot . apprtu.t.lllnly s:oo p.", . 
ArrJv~ In Cr •• ted lutt~. e.rly .fternoon. 
Sk' 
tA.vt' ,ft.r .kH,.. IIIpproJl.&Mately ':00 p.lII. 
Arrive b'c:k at tt"'>Ol . 111'1)' .rternoon. 

~~:rA:::!~' t:.~~~.~~:!t~ :::<I.~~ . 
.rrJvJoa 1n C".t'ed lutt. by IlOUI'I t 
.. 1· 
rly Gun"hun to to, Anade. on rrant In .,1Il end 
lh'Ilteci '1~1. 1A.v. Dwudlon I t I : n ••• . • 
arrhlnC In !.oI ~le •• 1 11 :-.0 •••• 

,tfLiiri"TI.u" H tM e lpt. ~ .... rr ... Pd t~" $1 ... 8o .. y 111<1/10 
~JCII NY 1M tIM.J,," by e.U"" YDU •• td dUb I 
, ... JU ... I Jnt ... "", NY be '*t.ined by ~.U l". tIM 
CACAT MtltCAII '00111 CtMPNrt, lU .. , _UMJ,.. Itvd., Lo. ~::.,:._~!l=~ toolS (Ul) 11,.-1141' III1I-oH' . L ________ -' 
'acIt .. ,rI" II "jl!Ct to ct. .... ...t d~ not inc lud. rood, 
I, Ita .... Iii t .. C\lr,... u".ur ...... fa NDj~ t o l'h ..... 
• LJn tJc:tI~. on Ill' ~ .... re vdid S aut o' I d.lya. 

~ rlfoll • I la'S 
Scheduling . .. 

My statements were accurate 
and can be documented. U was not 
the purpose of my comm'<;nts to 
equate UCSD with the " more than 
90% of the colleges and universities 
in the country" which Bowker 
supposes still use the antiquated 
registration methods prevalent 
when he went to school. 

Rather, the objective was to 
indicate that UCSD should adopt 
efficient administrative practices, 
such as those used at first rank 
private and public universities for 
longer than UCSD has been in 
existence. It is administrators like 
Bowker who try to bathe UCSD in 
the reflected glory of those same 
first rank universities by making 
undue comparisons ; I only seek to 
make the comparisons honest. 

If ollr Registrar had not let the 
prospect or such comparisons 
unnerve him, he might have 
conducted an investigation of his 
own (or contacted me for more 
details ) and written a more 
complimentary letter. As it was, he · 
showed himself to be unaware of 
serious corruptions within his 
domain . For example, there are 

Sex Bill Repeal Effort 

A group of Southern Californians 
are attempting to repeal the Sexual 
Freedom Act of 1975 by circulating 
petitions to place a "sexual of-
fenses initiative" on the November 
ballot. 

The petition, which is aimed at 
reinstating criminal laws on 
certa in sexual conduct that were in 
efrect previous to this January , has 
been approved for circulation by 
Secretary of State March Fong Eu, 
its sponsors announced last week . 

This is the second attempt by 
opponents of the 1975 legislation, 
which was sponsored by Assem-
blyman Willie Brown, to repeal the 
act. The First attempt failed to 
qualify for the June ballot. 

The Brown bill made substantial 
changes in the state penal code 
that decriminalized most sexual 
acts between consenting adults. 

The initiative is aimed at 
restoring laws against sodomy, 
oral copulation and adulterous 

many useful classrooms which 
have become " departmental 
property" and do not officially 
exist and are not officia lIy used. I 
note, by number, only those rooms 
which I have so far discovered in 
APM and it's annex (2A and 2A' ): 
7421 , 7218, 6218, 5880, 5402, 5218, 
4882,4218,3218, 2882, 1882, B401. 

It is impossible to arrange to use 
so me of these rooms for a 
regularly scheduled class : they 
remain empty ~5% of the time, 
even though they are completely 
equipped classrooms or con-
siderable size. Others of these 
rooms are used at will by 
professors who do not like the 
scheduled time and place of their 
class. Since the rooms do not exist, 
however, the class is fraudulently 
listed as meeting at some other 
'time in a regular classroom (which 
remains empty). It is no wonder 
that Bowker seems to be ignorant 
of many or the scheduled changes 
whic,", occur every quarter. 

Perhaps it takes more than a 
$27,000 salary to hire a competent 
registrar who could find out about 
and control such things. I suspect, 

cohabitation between consenting 
adults. 

To gain a spot on the November 
ballot the efrort will require 312,404 
signatures by June 25. 

Ford for Vice-president 

Independent presidential can-
didate Eugene McCarthy has 
named the owner of the Detroit 
Lions football team as his vice-
presidential candidate. 

William Ciay Ford, heir to the 
Ford automobile fortune and a 
substantial contributor to 
McCarthy 's campaig ns, was 
named in a news conference last 
week. 

McCarthy told reporters that 
Ford, who is one of his close per-
sonal friends , has donated $30,000 
to the current campaign. 

At . the same conference 
McCarthy announced the begin-
ning of a campaign to collect 2.5 
million signatures to place the 
McCarthy-Ford ticket on the state 
ballots. 

. ................................................................ J 

Page seven 

however, that the problem is more 
one of willingly catering to 
demands ror special privileges 
from department'> and professors. 
It would not be beyond belier, 
either, if the Registrar was a 
willing accomplice in deliberately 
" hiding" this usuable classroom 
space f rom the Leg isla ture in 
order to provide the Chancellor 
with the figures which allow him to 
proclaim that Third College Step II 
" is an absolute necessity ." 

From appearances, it would not 
be hard to interpret Bowker's 
letter as an attempt to cover-up 
such chicanery. More probably, 
however , his seven years on the job 
have simply made it diHicult for 
him to accept outside criticism 
objectively. Arter all, his letter 
does show a certain sensitivity to 
the problem. It may be hoped that 
as he begins to investigate my 
criticisms seriously, he will 
become conscious of the need for 
improvements. If this need is made 
clear to the decision-making levels 
above him, it may become possible 
to attack the problem of scheduling 
in a logical and productive way. 

DON STREBEL 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
MCAT preparat ion course will 

meet Wednesday from 5-6 pm In 
the Basic Sc ience Bu ilding, room 
2100. Anyone planning to take Ihis 
course is invited to participate . For 
more information call 452-4253. 

Reg istration cords will be 
processed next week . Students 
may turn in their cords before the 
deSignated dote for their level, but 
the ir cards will not be processed 
until that dote. Cords filed after 
4 :30 pm Friday, February 27 will be 
subject to a $10 late fil ing fee. 

Writing Course : Students who 
have passed Subject A but wont to 
further improve Iheir writing, may 
enroll In Utl Gen 10 (2 units) spring 
quarter. Work on your papers for 
other courses or create your own 
writing assignments. Special 
sections: Creative Writing, Wr iting 
in the Social Sciences, Writing 
about Philosophy , 'Writing about 
Literature, Autoblograpfrical 
Wr iting, Women's Studies , 
Human ities, Writing about 
Propaganda & Med ia and Visionary 
Writing. Call 452- 2522 or come to 
HL ) 254 for course description. 

"The 
Conversation' , 
with Gene Hackman 
directed by Francis Ford Coppola 
USB 2722 7:30 and 10:00 pm 

· 

. . 
•......••••.••••••••••••...•...........•.........................••••.••..••• •.•.••.•• •••.. .....•••• 

· 
· 
· 
· 
· IIOay For ~ • :j .... c (") a. A 

m Night" ~ -i "< Vl Vl "'" 0 I'D cr r- .. 0 directed by Francois Truffaut c 
0 ~ Z 
r-

Mandeville Aud. 7:30 and 10:00 pm ~ -< , 
> 
-i 
STUDENT CENTER BOX OFFICE 

. ..••••.••........................ ••...•..•.•. . 

3 



Vet-Mtd._ 
UC has ~ proposed con-

struction on!8 Southern California 
campus o ' tsatelllte facility for 
senior vet eds specializing in 
treatment of orses. 

The co untsslon argues that 
construction of these new field 
stations is not necessary. Clinical 
training could be provided on State 
University campuses at San Luis 
Obispo or Pomona, according to 
the staff report. 

(IIABTEBS 
SAVE UP TO scal. in '76 

-_ ... _.' ... froml 299 * 
2-3-"-5-6 up to 2" wks. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 91 5 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEATS on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 
O.r r_" fIer8 ,. _II. 

291-8141 

MInion Vollty-fquitoble aldg 
1333 Camino del lio South 

S.D .. CA 921 oa 
• Minimum . fore which riMS de-

on dote & length of flite. 

NATURAl.. _ ~TRE.AI(~ 
~IT [I«) I-£J'LTH TRII'U 
~ Hl'l1A COIC)fTIONING 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

com e and hear 
Dr. John Wight, D.O. 

on 
'Using Science 

of Mind for 
Your Better 

Health' 
This Sunday lO:45am 

715 Silverado 
La Jolla 

.. _ .. __ .. --. 

I SALE = 
I • 
I • 
• • 
I • 
• • • - Full year guarantee. I - 15 day return, ex-. 

change, etc . • I- S day delivery • 
I S ,~50A $66.00 I 
I S ~~51A $98.00 • 
• HP21 $93.00 I I HP25 $180.00 I 
I Catif. residentsadd II 
I ,% sa les tax 
ICheap Calculatorl 
• Company I 
• 636 4th St. JI 
•
1 Davis. Ca 95616 
.......... 

Calculators ..• 
The long range effects of 

calculators on the average person 
can be serious. With calculators 
cheap enough that everyone, even 
a first grader saving his allowance 
can own at least a four-function 
one, the tendency would be to use it 
for everything, from income tax, to 
figuring metric conversions, to 
balancing the checkbook. The 
problem lies with those who have 
not yet learned the concepts of 
mathematics. Will they view ad-
dition as a "+" key on a " magic 
box", and likewise for all other 
functions including the 
trigonometric and logarithimic 
ones without understanding the 

IMPROV( your 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 
DICK RAKOW 281-4586 

THIS IS 'tOUR PROGRAMME: 
ONE YEAR..! 

APPLY TO: 

• rI •••• flllll'8 
underlying principles? The ability 
to rea::oon logically is formulated 
when learning mathematics. Will 
this inability to conceive.of the 
basics add to problems in un-
derstanding the basics in other 
fields? 

It probably will. It is being 
discovered that the "New Math" 
didn't work. Both Math and Verbal 
scores on the SAT have dropped 
considerably in the past few years. 
Many people can not write or-
dinary, expository English with 
any appreciable degree of clear-
ness and structure, even having 
graduated from college. Struc-
turing and logical progression are 
learned on the beginning levels of 

Buses, Bikes ... 
Del Mar officials will have to 

contact Sacramento legislators 
about using the transit funds for 
bus service, as several other 
California cities 'have done . Der-
netz estimated that if the Coastal 
Commission and the city council 
approve the bikeway plan it would 
be implemented in June and 
finished in September. 

If the State rules that Del Mar 
can use the transit funds for 
subsidizing the bus line, the line 
could begin operation in Sep-
tember. Dernetz emphasized that 
the implementation of the bus line 
depends or. negotiations between 
San Diego Transit and the 
Greyhound Bus Line. 

mathematics. It seems that 
without a thorough grounding in 
mathematics, not special topics, 
but arithmetic, algebra and 
geometry, it becomes more dif-
ficult to master other subjects as 
weU. 

Perhaps this is totally un-
necessary. One need not read -
television is always handy. In . 
order to exist, writing is less im-
portant than it once was. The 
telephone and dictaphone have 
taken care of that. Walking is fast 
becoming a forgotten art since the 
advent of motorized transport. 
Perhaps mathematics, too, shall 
go that way. Existence will become 
very passive, static. 

MandeL. 
know ot the facts, I stand behind 
Dr. Mandell. " 

Severely Criticized 
Svare, who remained general 

manager of the team after 
resigning the head coaching 
position midway during a 
disastrous 1973 season, was 
dismissed by Klein earlier this 
month after excerpts from soon to 
be published book were printed in 
the San Diego Union and Evening 
Tribune. 

In the excerpts printed by the 
Union and Tribune, Svare's role as 
head coach was severely 
criticized. 

After an investigation by the 
National Football League at the 
conclusion of the playing season, 
several Charger figures were fined 

Friday, February ZI, 1978 

Is this desirable? To many, 
perhaps yes. But the realization 
has to be made that people are 
needed to operate and design all 
this " luxury" equipment. These 
people will most probably be from 
universities, and they will be those 
who understand or are capable of 
understanding mathematics. 

It defeats the purpose here on 
campus to permit calculators on . 
examinations. The ability to solv 
the usually simple questions found 
at the introductory levels should be 
a part of the examination. In more 
advanced courses, however, the 
calculators should be permitted as 
a check on the arithmetic only. 

by the league. The release of 
Mandell's book has been seen by 
many as the final straw that led to 
the firing of Svare. 

Svare has indicated that he may 
seek legal action against Mandell, 
saying that his future chances in 
the Nafional Football League have 
been severely curtailed. 

Mandell, who remained silent on 
the charges until Tuesday, said 
about his book, "It is very difficult-
-if not impossible-for me to 
respond to these criticisms in-
dividually ... the book raises im-
mensely complex, moral, ethical, 
political and medical issues which 
cannot be summarized in concise 
statements without obscuring the 
full intent of the book. It 

Mandell said he will say more 
after his book is published in April. 

GREAT BOOK FINDS FOR 
SCIENTIFIC, MEDICAL, 

ENGINEERING AND 
TECHNICAL MINDS. 

SALE OF 
AUTHORITADVE 
VOLUMES 
ORIGINALLY 
PUBLISHED 
10$35 

IUW 
UllY 

$1.99 
to $6.99 These and Many ather Fields 

D Chemistry 
D Mathematics 
D Physics 
D Engineering 
D Computers ' 
o Electronics 

. Expand your 
medical/scientific 

library now. Save 
as much as 70%, 80% 
or even more. Many 

of these sale books 
are out of print 

and hard to find. All 
contain a wealth 

of authoritative data 
both historical 

and contemporary . 

Feb. 17 - March 1 
DCSD Bookstore 

Hours m-f 8-4:45 


