
Angola Teach-In Brings 
Charges of Panel Bias 

by flnky Majur 
Swlf Writer 

The first publicized teach-in held 
at a university on US involvement 
in the Angolan civil war evoked a 
mixed but energetic response from 
many of the estimated 375 persons 
in attendence Tuesday night. A 
packed auditorium in the new 
Third college complex attested to 
the mounting opposition of 
students and the community to US 
policy and intervention in Angola . 

. . During the symposium three 
Panelists at W ednesd sy's Ang ola teach-in (left to r ight!: D av id Laitln , A SSOCIate experts on African affairs, ranging 
Profeseor of Political SCIence and c o -spons or o~,the ev ent, .John Mer~u~:. Prov ost of from conservative to liberal on the 
Merrill C"ollege at UC S anta Cruz and auth o r of The Angolan RevolutIon , Professor political spectrum spoke to the 
Louis Gann of Sta nford's Hoover Institute of W a r ; G e rald Bende r , who s pent two . th fIt '· 1 ed d 
Years in A ngola working on his PhD . dlssertetion . (TT Photo : Conle y M ajor ) lssuhes ey e w~rede lnbVO v ban 

Councils To Discuss BOA 
Control of Student Center 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

Members of the college councils, 
the Student Cooperative and the 
Graduate Student Council (GSC) 
will meet Wednesday at 8 p.m. to 
discuss and fonn a unified student 
position on the proposed Board of 
Authority (BOA), which would 
control operation of the student 
center. 

The gathering was scheduled 
after a meeting of the four councils 
Wednesday night. People at-
tending the meeting next week will 
form a committee to meet with 
Vice-chancellor and Dean of 
Student Affairs George Murphy to 
"hammer out" a compromise on 
the issue. 

The panel replaces a proposed 
committee which was initiated by 
Murphy and student center 
di rector Mark Bookman. That 
committee would have been 
composed of single representatives 
from the same groups that will 
meet next week. 

That committee was devised 
because the two administrators 
fclt there was " absolutely no 
progress" on the BOA proposal 
over the last 15 weeks, as Bookman 
put it yesterday. 

on the issue and that after a few 
meetings those objections could be 
worked out. 

Murphy's objections are in the 
area of the appointment 
procedure, renumeration for 
members and the board's policy 
making powers. 

In a recent interview Murphy 
said it would be unfair to single out 
BOA members for payment. " In 
any notion of fairness" other 
student committees like 
registration fee and the program 
review committee would also have 
to be considered for payment, 
Murphy said. . 

Bookman said yesterday the 
problem could be solved by other 
forms of renumeration-such as 
class credits or fee defennents. He 
said such methods have been used 
successfully at other universities, 
such as UCLA. 

However, he added that a " fair 
across the board" policy for all 
student committees must be 
worked out. 

Two NOplinees 

C'ity Counci'l 
Votes in Favor of 
Black's Nudity 

The San Diego City Council 
yesterday narrowly defeated a 
measure that would have ended 
nude sunbathing at Black's 
Beach, which has had a swim-
suits optional area since 1974. 

The vote was taken after a two 
and a half hour session, which 
saw opposition to the swimsuits-
optional area from the La Jolla 
Farms Assn. , the La jolla Town 
Council, the Pacific Beach Town 
Council and various religious 
groups. 

A member of the Nude Beaches 
Committee opposed the 
resolution to rescind. 

Council members voting 
against the motion were : Gil 
Johnson, Maureen O'Conner, 
Leon Williams, Floyd Morrow 
and Jess Haro. Favoring the 
resolution to ban nudity were Lee 
Hubbard, Tom Gade, Jim Ellis 
and Mayor Wilson. 

Johnson, who represents UC 
San Diego and the area including 
Black's, said he felt people would 
use the beach for nudity even if 
the council rescinded its 1974 
action. 

to t e concerns rats y mem ers 
of the audience. 

Gerald Bender and John Mar-
cum, who spoke in opposition to US 
military intervention in the 
domestic affairs of Angola, were 
critical of past American foreign 
policy towards Africa as a whole. 

Louis Gann, describing himself 
as an ultra conservative and anti-
communist, argued that South 
Africa was directly threatened by 
communist-supported guerilla 
movements, which would come 
from Angola , if the Soviet-backed 
MPLA forces are successful. 
According to Gann this would not 
be in the best interest of the U.S. 

Students who obviously had 
strong convictions concerning US 
involvement in Angola voiced 
protests that the issues dealt with 
by the panel debate were not 
getting to the heart of the matter. 
As debate ensued Bender con-
tended that the US had no stategic 
interest in Angola, while Gann 
insisted there was no such thing as 
US neo-colonialism in Africa and 
cited statis tical evidence to back. 
up his a sertion. 

Students reacted with some 
dismay at these conclusions. 

Marcum and Bende r maintained 
some optimism that an African 
solution will emerge to resolve the 
Angola conflict with a coalition 
goverrunent between the US-
backed UNITA and MPLA forces. 

Bender also addressed a 
question from the audience about 
the-possibility of continued querilla 
warfare by the FNLA forces which 
are also backed by the US, if a 
coalition is established between the 
MPLA and UNITA. In answer he 
said that " I'm afraid there will 
probably be a guerilla war at some 
time. One of the members of the 
FNLA political Bureau stated last 
week in Kinshasa that they were 
going to continue the struggle 
using what he called palestinian 
tactics of terrorism aimed at all 

those who support the MPLA 
around the world ." 

The symposium was held to 
" raise the level of public debate" 
so that any further commitment or 
involvement in Angola is made 
with full public knowledge and 
understanding, according to UC 
San Diego Professor, David 
Laitan. 

Both Laitin and Third College 
Provost Joseph Waton, who were 
the moving forces behind the 
teach-in, felt the attempt was 
successful in its goal to provide a 
forum and to educate the public, 
despite several problems that 
emerged which were not an-
ticipated. 

The source of one problem that 
did not become apparent to the 
sponsors before the symposium 
began, seemed to focus around 
Laitin's assumption that " America 
is still undecided, on the issue. 
Much of the audience appeared to 
disagree with Laitin, as evidenced 
by the ensuing dialogue and a 20 
foot sign calling for the support of 
the MPLA. 

An occurence, precluding the 
start of the evening debate , whIch 
threatened to upstage its 
significance, was when the State 
Department failed to send an of-
ficial representative to support US 
policy. 

According to Laitin, the State 
Dept. informed him that Edward 
Fugit of the Bureau of African 
Affairs had been called to Moscow 
by Sec. of State Henry Kissinger. 
Thomas Killoran, a State Dept. 
official who was also to appear, 
had to replace Fugit in 
Washington, Laitin said. Laitin 
said the State Dept. insisted that no 
one else was knowledgable enough 
to represent the departments 
position. 

The absence of State Dept. 
representatives did not lessen the 
attempts by some students to 
discredit the debate on the basis 
that, as one student shouted. " this 
is not a teach - in, this not what 
happened in Michigan in 1965, this 
is academic propaganda." 

The audience 's mood often 
tended to shift the debate away 
from the issue and toward personal 
attacks on Gann. This prompted 
some students and at least one 
African professor to confide that 
Gann should never been invited to 
UCSD. 

He was accused from the 
audience as being ... " one of the 
chief defenders of imperialism in 
Africa." 

Laitin emphasized, however, 
ontinued on Page 3 

Eight Members 

Murphy objected to the ap-
pointments procedure for board 
members. Currently the various 
groups are to forward two 
nominees to the Coop's ap-
pointments and evaluations action 
center, which makes the final 
choice. 

An Interview With Avrum Stroll 
The current BOA proposal sets 

up a panel of eight members, with 
representatives of the college 
councils, the Coop, the GSC, the 
Cra fts Center and the Student 
Information Center (EDNA). 

The original BOA proposal, 
worked out by a group of students 
last summer, had six members, 
from the councils, Coop and 
Graduate Student Union. . 

Although Murphy has several 
objections to BOA as currently 
structured, both he and Bookman 
fee l they are close to an agreement 

Money 
The Triton Times is looking for 

two or three hardworking in-
dividuals to work in its business 
depa rtment, for 10 to 15 hours a 
week. 

Th pay is $20 to $25 a week, plus 
a 10 percent commi~ion on all 
adv rtising sold above a certain 
weekly quota. 

Any ne interested should contact 
Business Manager Kenzie Nicoll, 
Or I ave It message with Jennifer 
Za k in the Triton Times office 
117 Blake Hall at Revelle. ' 

Murphy said he thought the 
college councils would reject this, 
because they wouIa rather appoint 
their own representatives. So far 

t~e councils have looked with 
disfavor on that provision. 

Murphy did not like the BOA to 
have powers of hiring and firing 
student affairs personnel and 
making final department policy. 

Yesterday the vic~hanceUor 
said he would accept a system in 
which BOA made policy for the 
student center, under his final veto 
power. 

That system was also advanced 
by Bookman, who said it was in use 
at UCLA. He added that in 12 years 
there the committee has only had 
one decision reversed by the ad-
ministration. -

Murphy also objected to In-
cluding representatives of the 
crafts center and the student info 
desk on the revised BOA. He said 
that such people would be sJUing on 
the board representi.ng employees 
of the board. 

"Their relationship to BOA 
would be 8S employees of the 
board," he said. 

by Ran Anbar 
Staff Writer 

" Both on the grounds of 
desirability and lack of funding, 
UC San Diego faculty will have to 
pick up some of the load the T As 
are now carrying. It is much 
more desirable for un-
dergraduates to be exposed to 
faculty members than to 
teaching assistants. There are 
exceptions to that of course, but 
as a generalization it seems to be 
true." 

Avrum Stroll, faculty advisor 
to the Vice-chancellor of 
Academic Affairs Paul Saltmon, 
made that comment in a recent 
interview. 

Acting In effect as an associate 
vice-chancellor, Stroll finds 
himself helping 6albnan by 
replacing him when the vice-
chancellor is away. 

Stroll sees UCSD and the whole 
UC system as being in a period of 
very drastic change. The outlook 
is not bright as " the prospect of 
increased educational state 
support is very mall," c0m-
mented Stroll. In his opinion the 
unlversit will not et nou h 

D r . A v rum Stroll 
resources to continue growth. 

This has been indicated by Gov. 
Brown's proposed UC budget for 
next year, whi ch ha b en 
criticized by Pr ident Saxon and 
the Student Body Presidents 
Council for its failur to provide 
over-enrollm nt funds for 3000 
students.) . 

crtflce Ahead 
U D may need to rethink it 

internal operations, troll said. 
Th re ma be a considerabl 

amount of sacrifice in all levels of 
the university, including more 
teaching time put in by the 
faculty and, perhaps, a rejection 
of some students, he said. 

UCSD will also have to start re-
evaluating its use of TAs, said 
Stroll. " In my view, the teaching 
assistants are here primarily to 
learn to be professionals in their 
chosen field. Therefore, it is 
inadvi able to use them as 
teachers, as it interferes with 
their learning," he said. 

While some professions r.equire 
a certain amount of teaching 
experience, Stroll feels that the 
TAs must " be given very careful 
supervision on how to teach." 

UCSD should use faculty 
when ver possible to teach, Stroll 
said. Th r is more support b 
the fal'ulty for this than people 
think , he claimed. "The more 
f ~ e" 
qua lit of instruction. I am ~ 
pos d to usin undergraduates 
and graduat f r mu h, if any, 
instruction thi low rs til 
qua lit of in truction," ttoU 
aid. 0 matter how good T 

ar , th ar in neral not a 
l'onllnued OD P g 



Paptwe I 
Letters tb the Editor 

<:;0 lition Needs Women for ERA Campaign 
Before th? all quarter ended, a 

group ol uest> women were able to 
hold an organizational meeting to 
establish the basis for feminist 
activism on campus. The Feminist 
Coalition met again last week to 
discuss more concretely the issues 

we want to face during the winter 
quarter. 

The upcoming ERA Convention 
in Los Angeles awakened in us the 
need for awareness at UCSD over 
what the ERA actually entails. 
Why is the ERA necessary for 

Hoehner Misses Humanity of 
Jesus in Analysis of Qumran 
. In his lecture on Jesus and the 
Qumran Conununity last Monday 
night, Dr. Harold Hoehner com-
pletely missed the great 
significance of the new knowledge 
concerning the milieu of Jesus' 
time as illuminated by the 
manuscripts known as the Dead 
Sea Scrolls. 

The questions he addressed are 
of tertiary importance and serve 
only to confuse those seeking the 
essence of the Qwnran findings. 
Whether Christianity is principally 
a modification of the Essene 
religion is mo'lt. 

In enwnerating 12 differences 
between Christianity and the 
Qumran community, Dr. Hoehmer 
ignores what many scholars 
maintain : that the Essenes may 
serve as part of a logical link 
between J udiasm and Christianity. 
Certainly, these discoveries do 
show that it is highly probable tha t 
a well-educated, intelligent, and 
especially innovative Jesus could 
have synthesized his teachings 
from the ideas common to his era, 
and done so as an apt response in 
his enviroment. Prior to the 
discovery of Qwnran, this con-
tention was not tenable from 
historical fact. 

The division between Judiasm 
and Christianity was perceived as 
arising from a quantum of 
revelation instantaneously con-
ceived. Such a situation obviously 
promotes the deity of Jesus as a 
competitive explanation. But the 
significance of the Qumran find-
ings is that rational explanations 
are encouraged and are plausible 
enough to eliminate the need for an 
irrational explanation . The 
complete humanity of J esus has 
never been clearer since his death. 

The facts and implications of the 
Qumran discoveries prove to be 
intriguing reading. I urge those 
interested in pursuing the truth 
about Qumran to consult the more 
than thirty books on the topic in the 
Central Library . 

Campus Crusade for Christ 
brought Dr. Hoehner to campus as 
the central figure in the series of 
lectures entitled, Jesus: Fact and 
Fallacy. He purports to convince 
us with reason that we ought to 
have faith in Jesus. This is an 
absurd undertaking, altogether 
precluded by a clash of definitions. 
Reason cannot prove fai th, for 

faith is a belief held that cannot be 
proven by reason. 

Soren Kierkegaard, the Danish 
theologian, states : "If I am 
capable of grasping God o~ 
jectively, I do not believe." Reason 
does not and cannot validate faith. 
Within the realm of reason, the 
only tenable stance on the diety of 
Jesus is neutrality. 

Dr. Heehner, if you_ want to 
believe in Jesus Christ, take your 
cue from Kierkegaard , and keep 
your belief and its substantiation 
out of the realm of reason. 

DANIEL HUYSER 

"New Left" 
Spoils Teach-In 
With Outbursts 

I was deeply distressed at 
Tuesday night's Angola teach-in by 
the performances of numerous 
representatives of the " New Left." 
Not only did they try to destroy the 
efficacy of the teach-in by speaking 
out of turn and not respecting the 
decorum of the assembly, but they 
also harassed and treated with 
disrespect the members of the 
panel. 

I came to the teach-in for hopes 
in learning more about the political 
situation in Angola. Regardless of 
the views of the panelists , I 
nevertheless felt that they could 
provide the audience with su~ 
stantial information on the con-
flict. This opportunity for such 
dissipation of information was 
unfortunately vitiated by the rude 
outbursts of numerous members of 
the " New Left. " 

I am sympathetic to socialist 
ideologies. However, I'm finding it 
enormously difficult to take 
se riously any progressive 
movement, when J experience 
directly such a lack of human 
compassion, and dis regard (or 
mutual respect and individual 
freedom which these revolutionary 
students show. Indeed, I wonder 
how real and true to life their 
political visions are. 

CURTBIREN 

• riCo" C inleS· 

, . 

Mllrk Woelber 
Managing editor 

• 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

CraiK Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J. Lowen 

UC San Diego 

John H. Taylor 
Editor-in-chief 

Com munity Editor · 

DaveEisea 
Sports editor 

James G. Soto 
_ City editor 

AnneUebier 
Copy editor 

Kenzie Nicoll 
Business Manager 

DaDieI Shawler 
Art, editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

women? Although the proposed 
amendment hardly seems an in-
flamatory statement, the ERA has 
come under heavy attack from 
weU-ol·ganized forces ( right and 
left) . What are the arguments 
against the ERA? The Feminist 
Coalition, as do most women, feel a 
deepening drive to win equal 
rights. ~e understand that the 
ERA will grant women a formal, 
legal equality, but the struggle will 
not end there. We believe that the 
ERA is only a step toward full 
liberation - but is is an important 
and necessary one. 

The Feminist Coalition sees the 
ERA threatened. A need exists for 
the formation of a large-scale pro-
ERA campaign, even in the states 
where it has been ratified. "Stop 
ERA ," a national anti-ERA 
organization, has announced plans 
to push for " recession of the 
federal ERA in all states where it 
has been ratified." These threats-
and the facts that 2 states have 
already voted to rescind - mean 
that no state is safe. 

California is a strong potential 
target for anti-ERA groups (who 
are many times also linked to anti-
abortion, anti-union, racist 
ca mpaigns ). The Feminist 
Coalition has the potential to aid in 
the struggle for the ratification of 
the ERA. We need womanpower, 
and we need ideas. In addition, we 
need some of your time. We say, in 
our bicentennial " salute" , " 200 ' 
years is long enough! " 

All women are urged to come to 
the F eminist Coalition's next 
meeting, Wednesday, at 4 pm in 
the Women's Center. The ERA will 
not end womens oppression. The 
·active involvement of women in 
the s truggle to control ou r bodies 
and our lives is the only way our 
liberation wiIJ be realized. 

RONETTE YOUMANS 

Feminist 
Coalition 
Neglected 

I wonder why all the an-
nouncements and notices telling 
people about the formation and 
meeting of the Feminist Coalition 
were ignored by the Triton 
Times ... 

Education of all men and women 
on the ramifications of the Equal 
Rights Amendment (ERA) is an 
important issue for everyone. Why 
is the Triton Times refusing to 
support this education? 

There are important events 
coming up in the near future for 
people interested in the ERA. With 
your help, the word can reach 
more students and other readers of 
theTT. 

There will be weekly meetings in 
the Women's Center ·at 4 pm 
Wednesdays for anyone interested · 
in learning more about ERA. 

GAIL WARDEN 

Staff writer Special wrtters 
Ran Anbar Charles Heimler 

BetsyOliment Greg Hicks 
Brian Davis Edward Simons 

Robin DeRieux Business 
Stue Esmedina Doug ~ooney 

Cathy Fitzmaurice Damien Moore 
Ron Kato .Jl'nnih ·r Z;wk 

Frank Kazerski Photograpby 
Margaret Krueger Paul Jarvis 

Tim MacKenzie Nathan Meyers 
Alan Russell Shmoll Huherts 
ScottSadil Bill BrulIks 

BI'l·h n Jlar;It.;I Distribution 
Ken Stipanov Bill Wilson 

Cary Thompson 
.Iuhn IJ;lipl·I III 
Debora Weber 

ProducUon 
Shauna Stokes 
Kristin Webb 

Frld.y, J ..... ry %3,1"1 

Alas, the Scheduling Shuffle 
by OUliald Eo Strt'bt'J 

It would be easv to conclude 
I rCtln thc mislcadil;g allVl'rtising, 
hiasl'd seIr-promotion, and ot~I l' r 
assorted con-artistr~' promulgated 
hI' onr sclf-congratnlaturl' ad· 
n;inistmtors Ihat UCSf) ~as a 
(;r(';lt Unil'crsitl" . 

o school I~s even the foun· 
dation fur greatness, however, 
lInlrs5. it demonstrates a firm 
('ommitment to the J)I·ocedural 
d .. lails' of eeluc(ltion and a genuine 
ITspect fllr its studenL~. Con-
,id('ra~ le evidonl·c cxists that both 
uf these eorncr-stones lire missing 
; 1\ llCSD. 

IlIntllllocrabk exalllJllcs of in-
, tilutional callousness toward 
slllllc-nts and thcir righL~ are found 
IlIlhe arca of rq.(istration andc-Iass 
sdleduli,,~. The minor indi~ nitics 
int"ludc tile long but unnecessary 
luu-s at the cashier's offlee and the 
n)('l'(·enar.I' pradiel' of selling 
/ despite a heft~· ··rcJ.(isb·ation·' 
Icc I necessary rcgistration 
materials such (IS the Gcnenll 
(";Italog. 'or sometimcs even the 
S("itcdu Ie of Classcs. ' 

Donald E. Strebel 

Somewhat more disturbing is the insensitivil~' of the rcgisll·ation 
hureaucrats.to whom students are little more th(ln numbers. 

Far more import.;lnt . though. are the abs unl and almost entircl~ 
al'oidahle scheduling conflicL~ which confront hundreds of studenL~ each 
qu<uter. There are instanccs, by no means uncommon, ()n(l1"l~e required 
("IIlI rscs in the same Jlrogram overlaJlping or opposing eaell other. 01· th 
lahs of one interfering with the sections of thc othcr. There are gencral 
rdll("ation d;Isses routinel~· sehedulcd at tililes that prohihit studenL~ with 
("ertain majors from taking Ulcm, There al,e many who could not 

~r; lduate in four years silllJlly bccause required rlasses or tlleh· 
prerequisites wcre repeatedly schcduled in conflict with other classes in 
the program. , 

A univcrsit.I' which permits such things to happen docs.. not rate its 
edllcatin"al mission or iL~ studcnL~ vcr.\' high on its list of priorities. Even 
a modicum of concern would prevent such occurrcnces and begin to 
add ress the right of studenL~ to reccivc instruction (It reasonable times 
and places. It is ridiculous that scheduling routinely has studcnts racing 
back and forth octween Muir and Revelle to meet successive cI(lsscs. 
I':qu<l llv <tbusive arc the policies which force students to Sit behind pillars 
ill USB···elassrooms" while more adcqllate, buf" pril'ileged," classrooms 
go permclllcnt~ unused. 

An invcstigation has shown that the above situations arc symptoms of a 
class scheduling procedure which is illogical and administrativcly in· 
ddl'nsihlc. It is virtuall~· impossiblc to identif.l· or control conflkts 
iwtwc n class s taught by different departments because thc baSIC 

·Tsponsibilit~· fllr class scheduling is delcgated solcl~' t() tile departmenL~ . 
,Vllhin the dcpartmcnL~. the process is more than haphazard-the 
profl'ssors ,liT askt'd to specif~' when they want to tl'Cleh. Pnl'llc~cd 
professors get to spccil\' other options - like the distclllcc of thc room fl·om 
tt ;l'ir office or thc t ~ pc of blackboetrd . , 

From the dellcirtmcnts, the proposed schedules are IYI·wardcd to 
Hegistration a nd Scheduling. whidl assigns rooms and tllncs Without 
,e rious attempts to dcte '1 cOllfli (·ts. Their major concerll, in fact. is to 
maxi lllil.c a magic ··dassroom utilization'· figurc, an cducatlunally 
nll'aninglcss stati :4ic which is uscd to secure more eonstruetionlunds for 
Oll r hlCal cmpirc builders, . . , 

Then, aftcr thc schedule is rigidly fixed. the Provosls' Olflccs arc 
allowed to chcck it for confli cL~ . Thc difficulty of introducing changes at 
I his I)oint makcs this effort almost futile, exee~t in thc casc of .grossly 
IIna(Tel)tabk blunders. The checking process IS not even (XlrtH ' ularl~' 
(·II "clivc-it is bascd on a sampling of student sehedulcs rather than a wcll 
r('searched master schedule of potential conflicLs. Even is clll~' gaills arc 
made at this stagC, though, they arc Quickly ncgated after the beginning 
of ti le qwnt(' r by tile profcssors who casuall~' resche~ulc classes to ac-
"olllm()(I;Ite their own whims, lazy work habits, or ouL~lde comnlitmeIlL'i. 

The flaws ill this Jlrocedure are obvious. Scheduling decisions for 
hUlI(irt'(ls of elasses involving thousands of pcople cannot be decel1-
tr.t1izcd to the cxtent that thcy depcnd on the rcrsonal preferencc of 
pmfess()rs and thc bumhling of an impersonal bureaucracy. An~' logical 

I)(.· r~on can sec UI(lt the contl"Ol must be exefl"ised at(l level high cnou~ ~1 ~~ 
appretia te and coordinatc all aspecLe; of the scheduhng pl·ohlem. lills 
wOlild seem to oc the mttural rcsponsibility of thc PI·ovosts· Offlccs. 
II'hich could analne studcnt schedules and requircmcnts alld set up ,I 
lIlaskr flow dlal:t and list of pot('ntial conflic!.'!. Witll()ut inll"rfl"rence 
I rom dl'jlartments or profcssors, the Prov()sts could thcn construct a 
ha sk schedule- which would he consistent fl·om qualtl'r to quartt'r and 
IIWel I't'ar to \'ear. Registration anel Scheduling would (lSSlst in im-
I'll Ineiltilll! Ulis. ratiler tllan heillg the arbitrar~· dellT1I1illinl! r"ctor it is 
nllll" . 

1\ sdlcduk sudl as tllat. whidl lias iL'! core elemcnts carcfulll' thought 
""l <lnd fixl" 1. can he I1Imhfled Hnd illlJlrovcd until conflicts ITadl a very 
Inilliinal k"t'I .. Thl' prt'smt S.\'St('I1I . in whidl the schedu le if re{Tcatt'd 
r"lIl s .... "trh l'adl quarter. is s tupid and inclTident. It not only assureS;I 

""ns!.;lIlth' high k\'d of con flirts. but it absorbs thousalllls uf person-
IllIurs ill tasks that need not be c(uI,lieated eetell Quarter ()r elldl ~'ellr . It IS 
;1 rip-oft ITl'Htl'd b.l· tlI(' fm-t tl lat our mtmillistrators. of whidl we hIlJ'IJt'1i 
I" han· mon·I'(T !'tmkllt Ullin an~· othcr UCCUll)llUS. cllnllot. WIll not,and 
d" 110\ admilli ' [rak . . 

l'Imtinued on Pale I 

The Trilon Times is recognize., b~ Ih. Communlcationl Board or UCSO II lhe offICI .. 
Sludenl newspaper Publication II on Mondlva. Weclne*~1 and FridlYS (Juring Iha 
regular School year (excep i on offlclll holitHy.) . Edl1or'-l'nd !lUllna.s offie ... .. 
IOC'Ie<! In 117 Sialle Hall on the Revelle College compUI. UnI .... lly or C.lller ..... lien 
Diego, 

Leiters 10 lhe Ed ilor and opinion cOlumns Ire welCOmed, All lubmlaalonl should be 
Iyped on d 74·spacc Iln8 on non."aNble paper , Tiley l/lould nOI •• C4ed I"'" pegeoln 
len\llh double·spaced The T'ilon Time. r.se""", lhe rlghl 10 edll subml.a1ona t)e(lU.8 
01 space IImllalions or style reQulremenls , 

For editOrIal. c II 452·3466 ro, business "'eI ell.pllY .eI .. ll • .." .... ". clll ,S2.3o!M 
En l". conlents copYflghll 76 Triton Times , 

Friday, Jaauary 23, 1976 • rl'oll flo'S 

Angola-Another Vietnam? 
by Yvonne Hayes 

US involvement in the civil war 
now raging in Angola is the central 
international issue on the minds of 
the American people today . . The 
majority of the American people 
are worried-and justifiably so! 

" Is Angola to become another 
Vietnam?" 

Already the propagandists of the 
White House and the State 
Department are using the same 
well-orchestrated line to justify 
military intervention that they 
used in Vietnam in 1965. In the 
press and other media they cry 
about the threat of a "Communist 
take-over. " 

The American people have heard 
this line somewhere before. 

What Washington fails to "tell 
Americans is that the US has been 
secretly involved in Angola for 
many years. Ten years before the 
Angolan people began·their armed 
str\Jggle in 1961 to rid Uiemselves 
of Portuguese domination , 
Washington gave Portugal $298 
million in military aid. 

When the Angolan people began 
their fight for self-determination 
against the Portuguese im. 
perialists, Washington continued to 
pour in milita ry aid to the Por-
tuguese army. Portuguese olficers 
and troops were trained at 
American military installations; 
arms and heavy equipment, like 
helicopters and jets, were secretly 
funneled to the Portuguese army 
through NATO. This military 
equipment, provided behind the 
backs of the American people, was 
used by the Portuguese im· 
perialists in the counter-
insurgency war of systematic 
terror that left tens of thousands of 
Angolans dead and much of the 
countryside ravaged. The CIA and 
other American intelligence 

Angola ••• 
that Gann came "even though he 
knew that he would not be treated 
with the utmost cordially." 

Several members of the 
audience also leveled criticism at 
Laitin, accusing him, as resource 
person for debate participants, of 
failing to include a black African 
scholar on the panel and of not 
soliciting input from UCSD's 3rd 
college faculty. 

Laitin responded by stating he 
had made an earnest and sincere 
attempt to present a represen-
tative panel and that he did indeed 
seek the participation of the 
facu lty, Black Student Union and 
the Young Socialist Alliance. 

La itin said, "I assume full 
re.;ponsibility tor any gaps in the 
program." 

agencies have been actively ap-
plying their grab bag of " dirty 
tricks" in Angola - trying to play 
off one liberation group against 
another. There are numerous 
examples of this method in the 
FBI 's campaign to destroy the 
black liberation struggle in this 
country . 

Unlike what Ford and Kissinger 
would like the American people to 
believe, the real concern of the US 
is not a " Communisttakeover." On 
the contrary, what Washington 
fears most is the Angolan people 
"ta king over" mineral-rich Angola 
for themselves. For this reason, 
they materially supported the 
Portuguese imperialists against 
the Angolan freedom fighters for 15 
years, and, now that the Por-
tuguese are gone, they are at-
tempting to bleed and weaken the 
Angolan people by supporting two 
factions in a fratricidal civil war. 
Both Washington and Wall Street 
know that ,the continuation of this 
civil war will keep the Angolan 
people divided, and hence, weak. 

Wall Street's interests in Angola 
center on its natural resources. 
Angola is the third-largest coffee 
producer in the world. Diamond 
mines ownea by American and 
Portuguese firms produced more 
than two million carats in 1972 
alone, with an export value of $110 
million. Angola has huge deposits 
of iron ore, manganese, 
phosphates, copper, granite, 
marble, and asphalt. But most of 
aU, Angola has oil. Gulf Oll, with its 
concession in Cabinda, pumps out 
over 10 million barrels a year. 

Concern fOI the freedom and 
well·being of the Angolan people is 
the last thing on Ford's and 
Kissinger's minds. Profits, and 
profits alone, are what dictates the 
current war hysteria emanating 

from Washington. 
The danger of American military 

intervention, despite Kissinger's 
pledges to not commit troops, 
should not be underestimated. It is 
already known that Kissinger has 
allotted $33 million for the FNLA 
and UNITA, the two factions 
supported by the US. And Ford will 
be asking for an additional $150 
million! American mercenaries 
are being recruited to fight in 
Angola, and it has been reported 
thal American air units have been 
put on alert to ny air s trikes in 
support of South African troops, 
should the situation require it. 

What ties the hands of Ford, 
Kissinger and the whole military 
establishment is the unflagging 
opposition of the American people 
to any US involvement in Angola. 
The American people look on 
Washington's military maneuvers 
with great alarm. 

What is needed now is to build a 
protest movement based on the 
alarm and misgivings of the 
American people, and their 
healthy suspicion of the govern-
ment's intentions. A broad, united 
mass movement against any 
further US involvement in the 
affairs of the Angolan people would 
receive a positive response from 
the major-ity of the American 
people. It was the mass anti·war 
sentiment of the American people 
and the numerous and massive 
anti-war demonstrations of the 60's 
and early 70's that prevented Ford 
from sending troops back into 
Vietnam when the puppet 
government was about to fall. The 
same potential exists for building 
and organizing protests against US 
involvement in Angola . 
U.S. OUT OF ANGOLA! NOT ONE 
PENNY, NOT ONE BULLET, 
NOT A SINGLE ADVISER OR 
SOLDIER, INTO ANGOLA ! 

CaIPIRG Examines 
Vocational Schools 

by Gail iii II 'brand 

Page three 

Vocation a I ~eho()l s. with progr" ms of training for tnlde <md secre!.;1 ria I 
, kills. arc th subject of a reeent inquiry by the Bureau of Consumcr 
Pmtr("tion. Fl'deral Trade Commission. 

The FTC re p()rL~ tile typkal s tudent in a v()(·ational program IS und r 21 
I l·ars of a gt'. As lIIany as ollc-third arc from minority J.(rOU llS, and man~ 
f 01111· frolll falllilies whose incom is oclov.' $6.000 Jler Yl·ar (PTC St.; I(f 
, 1;1[1 ·II1l'nt. 10174. 1 Students a l· e ncouraged to enroll b.1" adveltlscmcnts 
1\ 1111'11 illlply high ([cmand ami I!ood ea rnings ror J.(rad ua~cs. Thc V:I'C 
I ·~ tllnatl·s that less thall50 pe rccnt of initial elll·ollees filld Jubs fur wlm·1t 
11,..1 recc ivcd training . DrOll-out rates in private vo(:atlOnal schools run 
nll\;·"nls of 40 JlCITellt. ... , 

These natIOnal statistl('s suggcst inlldcquate ()r lIlappllcablc training, 
~tlllh it dissatisfaction , and a gener,,1 lack of knowlrdge about th 
prOlll iS s and pral"lic s of tltc schools. In San Di go many schoo! ' 
IIfll'r;ltc- . S IJCHci< Ilizin ~ in fteltls from oflke skills to wclding. Th 
(·dn('ation is " largc investment fo r stude nts. For eXllmple, onc 7 month 
s. nda rial course at a San Diego school has a cost of $1,795 . Dcspite til 
lI1agllitude of th(' eX llt'nditure, consumers arc IIl·informcd, 

In San J)ic~o no stud~' has been done. Thcre is no l·unSUlllcr guilt lincs 
·,r II'arnill J.(s publis hcd to aid tlti s Jlarti cularl~' vulnerable conSUlller, the 
JU"osJ)('ct il·e I'ocatillnal school student. In a project now bcgi nning. tit 
C;Iliflll"n ia Publ ic Intcrt'st i{ese(lrch (;roup I CaIPIHG), \I III produce sudl 
a stlldl·. 

Stutiellts rl"Om U(,SD ,md other clImpuses will go to the I·()(:altonal 
schools as prospcctil·e studc nts, compiling informatioll 011 programs. 
prunllst's . and ("osLo;. Cost information is difficult to acquire bl mall. 
Conlillission s" Il'Slllcn <I re sometimes reJ)l'l'sentcd tu the pros pccti I'e 
tlldent as ··admiss ions repr sentatlves·· .or ··counselors"· InfonlmtlOn 

Oil s;l k tadi. ·s lind such things as hiring d«ims and rcfund I)ulil'les Will be 
::; llllI"red . The fi nal report Will present compar<tti ve IIlfonnation on til 
-.;dlools a nd warn possibl., customers of any unsubstantiated Cl<lIl11S 
(";tll' l HG researchers mal' find made to them in thei r role of prospcdlvc 
slil dellts. 

Schools ortenlldvertise .. ApPI·oved for V tcrans" or ··VA Accredltcd," 
Il"Ith til illi plira tion of g()verument sanction and inspcetiuli . III fact, ~udl 
aCl'l'Cl lil<ltioll mea ns onll' that ccrtain minimum leget: s tandard~ Il<I vc 
h .. 1"1 I met. TI)(' J)rojl'd w"ill publicize the tnll' mcaning of accreditatllills 
a,.d "pprova ls toutetl b~· tile schools. 

,\ullther portillll of thc investigation d (lIs with placena·llt e1allns. One 
1'lI'al school advertiscs tl l<lt certain spedfic employers ··COIllC [0 ll~ for 
, killed tnl(lcspeopll' . ·· Rescarchers will a ttempt to dis("over wh tllcr 
t: radllates are prl"il'rrcd ovel'non-gl:ads for entry Icvcl pus itioIL~. hired in 
t: I"I 'a\l 'l' numbers or a t a highcr sta rting wage; and whethcr the fmns hirc 
at l" ntr~' It·l·el (lIol' xpcrien("e required ) atall. 

QlIl'stionabll' institutionallUTang(,lIIenL~ ma~' also bc explorcd, such a 
IIIl'lIcor, hip of schools b~· parent industrialeompllnies . Also of interest is 
till ' rd;.ti ll nship. if any. betwcen schools and the fiuance ageneles which 
' Inall("l' student tuition. 

All("ntatil'es c)(ist to the pri vale l.\' owncd vOl·lItional schools. The 
Hq.:ional Opportunity · Program (ROP ) is a eareer training program 
offering ovcr 100 frcc ("ourses to residcnl., or San Diego Count.\'. TllC 
qllalil,\' <lIId scopc of Ihc public- progr(lm will be investigClted .md 
plIhlidzcd. &'rvices rcndercd and valuc of trHining received will be 
1·/llI1pared across thc public lind pri vate scdors. 

Tllis projnt will s pan two QU(lrtl' rs and I·csults shoultl bc rclcased III 
laIc spring. People arc needed now at lIlIlevcls of time l:Ullllllltrnent and 
,·xl,cri. ·ncc. If in[e res!l'el. ple(lse leave .I'our name and phone nwnbcr in 
l it .. ell II'IRC ol'l,lce . upsta irs from ED A in the Student Cente!·, 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

WRITING CLINIC: If you hove 
difficulty getting your ideas down 
on paper or you Simply wanr to 
improve your writing sk ills, the 
Writ ing Clinic can ass iSl you , The 
Wr it ing Cl iniC is not a class, bUI a 
free service , Writing adv ice is 
offered on a ane-to·one basis on 
course papers, job applications, 
resumes, proposa ls, scholarly 
articles-·whatever the need. If we 
can assist you in any way, please 
come 10 1254 Humanities Libraryor 
call 452·2522 to make on ap-
po inlment. 

Hungry? The M uir Snack Bar is 
open evenings from 9- 12 midn ight 
with a complete line of goodies .. . 
open seven days a week . 

LevrS 



P.te, .... 

~ Blows 
andCbe8p 

Shots 
Academic Counselor! 

I came into the oHice about three minutes to nine. thc latc shift . There 
was a mi Id case of the blues in room 21. but nothing the intel'l1s cou Idn·t 
handle. I had a ('up of coffee and sat back. Bill came int() the office. 

" Hi, Harry." he said. 
" Hey Bill. Things look kind of quiet toni J.\ht. don't they'?" 
" Yeah. but ~'ou never can tell." 
" That's sure. How's the class in economies going'!" 
Bill tilted his head to one side and olJCned his eyes wide. 
" Why don 't you eram it dowri your throat?" he giggled. 
Good 01' craz~' Bill. I'd have to kill him some day. . 
Thc intcrcom buzzed and the receptionist told III that therc was ;1 

I'oung man ouLside with a problem. Bill left th office and the s tudent 
came in . 

" You gotta help me. Mr. Oakes," he pleadd. 
I told Ilim to sit down and inake himself comfortclble while I pulled 1110; 

rccords. 
" Rio maj\ .... " I said, not bothering to look up from his fi Il'. 
" That's right ." he whined. " My dad wanL~ me to be a doctor.· but I 

don't know if I can handle the repons ibility or not. Resides. I1l~' l' al in-
tcrest lies in the rirld of solid state physics, but my dad says I should have 
Ill\ h ad exa mined to want to do that, but I don't see why he·-" 

"That's enough, Hank '" I screa med, leaning ov r t he desk ali(I s l'lIr 
ping him-hard. . 

lie rubbed his cheek and looked sheepish. " Sorl·)' . I gu 5S I was getting 
hl'st rical , wasn't I?" 
. " Yes." I sa id simply. I continued to read the histol')' in his fill' . In a fell' . 

minutes I dos d the folder and ml' hands. 
" According to ~' ou r records, you're a pretty good student. Ilank. You 
~e t A's ,lI1d 8's and an occasional C, but they're pretty rare. 

" In addition. )' OU have glowing recommendation from mo!>t of .I'OUI· 
professors. Chances, a re, you'd get into the med school 110 sweat. So 
Il!.lwt's you r problem? " 

" But I don't want to be a doctor ," h cri ed. "1 wallt to work on fl(.' l<I 
effect transistors," 

I ~ighed. Bcrc wc go again. 
" l.ook. Hank . Most kids in thi s school would break their necks to gct 

tilc chance to get into mcd school. So th re's onc thing you'd b Itcr un-
drrstand right now . Eithcr you appl~' to med sdiool. or I'll make surc you 
11('I'(' r get into any college again - including this on(' . 

" Do you understand me?" I asked . 
" Ycs. ,. he whimpered. 
I didn ' t have time to kick him out of -the office. beca use til pholle rang. 

House ca ll. Woman stuck in a contiguolls nlinor. J got the mobil(' office 
read.\' and strode to the parking lot. 

We <lITi l'ed at her house about midllight. The reccptiOlllst ran to he r 
door. rang the bell , th n raced b<t ck to the ran so she could meet h I' In the 
ITcc ptionist's offke. 

The gi l'l walked into the mobi le offIce hanging h I' head low. Was Itoo 
1;lle '? No. She was jllst sleep. she sa id . 

This was serious. If I let h I' fall as leep. ;: lre l1Iight never reco\' I' her 
graduatIon candiilm·." . I 1!<It! til wa ke her up. I pulled out a razor st,rop 
l\'Ith a timex strapp d to onc cnd . I kt it fa ll . ratiler heavil~. I'm afnud. 
ncar hcr left tt'mple. Sht· woke up f'ISt. I eh cked out the wakh . [t was 
-<till ti cking. 

She was stuck. alrr r.!ilt. Majoring in econolllks and minoring ill math . 
... he had problems. 

" Wh~' did you do it'! " I asked. 
" I thought the math I1IlnOr wou ld he lp me in CCUlI." 
The old stOI'l . IId l. thrre was nothing I COli 1<1 do, so I l!'ft. She'd have to 

tm in anothrr I raI'. 
'I;hc office \I ,;S prell\ IIlueh ulC sallie when I r.!ot b<l('k. ex('cpt Bill was 

a ... l('ep 011 1111 ('IlllCh. I SWltdlcd on thc light. I ~ \\,llt'hcd 011 the light \\,Ith a 
billlshec-likt, SLTl"1 1I1. 

Rill woke up. willing the sleep from his eyes. 
"Oh . 1'111 SOIT \. Bill. Didn't know I'OU w('re hl· IT." 
As he bent over bHckwards to j;ls tif.l' illY waking hlln lip. iIIl III Ierll 

rllshl'd i lit" tile room. 
"Thank nod .I·ou·rc here." he said out of breath. " A wet case. poll sci. 

room :14 ' " 

(violin) 

Continued on Page 6 

in concert 

DENis 
BROTT 

(cello) 

MANdEVillE AlIdiTOAillM 

• rIf4 ••• ft.,. 

by Ken SUa-DOV 
Staff Writer 

The BRO guidelines apProved 
outline the policy the resource 
group is to follow in the deter-

Friday, J ••• ry 23, 1171 

In a long session Monday night, mination of funding priorities. The 
the Student Cooperative approved BRG has followed very similiar 
wi llll' r quartrr's budget and guidelines in the past. 
Budget Resource Group (BRO) Abuse CrackdoW1l 
guidelines for allocating student , In a move to reduce abuse of the 
funds. Coop's umbrella expense fund, it 

The budget allocatiolL'i totaled was voted to require each action 
S13,643 and were approved 24 to 1 center of the Coop to have its own 
with six abstentions. separate account. 

Oasis Needs Tutors; Credit Given 
The Office of Academic Support 

and Instructional Services 
(OASIS) urgently needs tutors for 
the winter and spring quarters. If 
an increase in tutors is not forth-
coming, "We might not be able to 
serve all of those in need," says 
Larry Hedges, assistant director. 

Hedges points out that there are 
financial and academic benefits in 
becoming a tutor. Tutors receive 
four units of upper division class 
credit during their first quarter in 
the program. In subsequent 
qua rters they earn $I5$). 

The Triton Times is once again 
seeking political cartoonists 
knowledgeable in local, national 
and university affairs. An ability 
to crank out a weekly cartoon will 
get you the same pay as a TT 
editor. If you are int.erested in 
displaying your know-how on 
Urese pages, contact John H. 
Taylor, Mark Woelber or Craig 
Uchida at the Triton Times of-
fice. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

ATTENTION REVELLE WINTER 
GRADUATES : A list of the Revelle 
seniors who have declared Iheir 
candidacy for Win ter Quorter 
Groduation has been posted on the 
bu Iletin board oulside of Ihe 
Revelle ProvOSI 's Office. If your 
nome is nol on Ihe list, please see 
Eliza Gillies , in the Provosl's Office. 

CILJRTEH§ 
SAVE UP TO 50% in '76 

EUROPE fromS299 * 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 wkl, 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 915 ' Flighh but: 
LIMITED seAts on long 
and lummer f1ighh 10 
book today for '76 
fl ... ... 11 "_8 II .11. 

291-8141 

D~~~~~~ 
M,"1Of1 Vollt,-Eqvrtobl. Bldg 

1333 Ca",ino d.1 lia South 
S.D" CA 92108 

• Minimum far. which ri5ltS de-
pend""t on date & tenllth of flit • . 

.. 

CLAUdE 
FRANk 

(piano) 

The tutor shortage message 
counterbalances the good news 
that OASIS will add a new staff 
IlI(,lIlber : .Jeffrc\' Levill. Lcvin will 
help develop ' self:instructional 
materials for the tutorial program. 

The tlltllri ,tI prOl(ralll which 
covers lower-division math and 
science courses will help ap-
proximately 1000 students. 

To receive a tutor, one should 
request to the OASIS office. Since it 
is three weeks into the quarter the 
available tutors have decreased 
dramatically, so it is imperative to 

make the request soon. 
Along wiUr the tutorial program, 

OASIS runs the Math/Physics and 
Biology/Chemistry Clinics, which 
Ilre designed for walk-in help in 
lower-division courses, The 
Math/Physics Clinic is located in 
AP&M 6402; the Bio/Chem Clinic 
in HI.. 410. Both clinics are open 12 
to 5 Monday theu Thursday, and 7 
to 10 Sunday thru Thursday. 

OASIS is located near the School 
-of Medicine at 250 Matthews 
Campus. 

HElP SELECT THE 
STUDENT REGENT 
Applicat'ions are now being wken for one 
- under-graduate to serve on a regional 

nominating commission 10 screen applicants 
for the student regent. 

Pick up applications in the Student Center, 
2nd Floor North, Student Organizations. 

The Deadline is February 6. 

A fulllUgi production which tak .. pi-=- somewhere in the 
twilight zone between flntaly and reality. 

COMINGTOU~D 

Fri., Jan. 23, 8p.m. UCSD St. $2 G.A. $5 FEBRUARY 6 
NOI Woo Jan 28 as was 51 led In lasl IT 

Tickets at UCSD Box Office 
ARRANGEMENTS FOR THIS PECIAL ""'EAIIANCE HAVI allN MADE 

BY CAMPUS CRUSADE FOR CHRIIT INTlIINATIONAL. 

friday, J •• aary 23, 1971 

Keith Jarrett Encompasses by His Music 
by 

Elizabeth Olmellt 
Staff Writer 

I ,ast Frida \. lIil(ht's Keith ,Jarrett 
"ulI('('rt I(ot . orr ttl a shaky star· 
t .. lhe doors o,)('fl('d nearly fort~'­
f,, ·(' milllllt's lal!', the gym had 
I)('ell ol'crso'fl. the audienc was 
growing illl,l<Iti(·nl. I looked up to 
.J"Hl'tt'S dress ing room and saw 
hi til pc'ck his head Ollt of the door. 
,Itliling, pleased with the crowd. 
".lld surl' enough. whcn .Iarrett 
appeared on stage and began t.9 

play the music that has given him 
the reputation of a jazz genius, you 
forgot that you waited for more 
than an hour to hear him. 

Su II1l1ch of what Kellh ,'lIrr{'tt 
does with his jazz ~ a tasteful 
blend of all of one's senses; you 
really must see the man at work to 
appreciate him. He sat hunched 
over his piano, head bent close Iy to 
the keyboard, body loosely 
swaying to the entwining melodies 
that he so carefully urged from the 
massive ' baby grand. One can't 

Tubes: Kinky 
by Timothy Mackenzie 

Staff Writer 
Sex and drugs. sex and drugs. Add a dash of vio lence to a good 

measure of I'Oek and roll. All the ingredienL<; for a successful stage 
show, right? You 'd bettcr believe it. Just ask anyone who happened to 
calch tile Tubes in ('oncert at the La Paloma Theater. 

The kink.\' Tubes.lrd h.l· a vocalist named Fcc, IIndcniabl~' presented 
one of tile most vlsually.stunlllng shows on the contemporary rock 
s('cne. Fcc is mal(nifkcnt, one of tile funniest performers in musk 
with chaj'acterizntions that arc totally off th wall. He is the center of 
tlte show, sllpportC'd by a set of well-choreographed dancers Hnd a 
d.l·namite rock and roll band, led b.1' guitaris t Bill Spooner. The visual 
{lI'gasm is replete with some ingenuous video tap work. 

Continued on Page 6 

Friday January 23 

help but realize that tbis man is 
doing so much more than simply 
playing his instrument. He is, as he 
plays, making love to his piano, to 
his music, producing sounds so 
sensuous and rhythymical that one 
becomes as much involved in the 
plii\'illgas.Jarrrtl hilllsl' lr. 

Thou~ the first half of the show 
seemed a bit disjointed and chaotic 
11'11(' 11 .lmreU was IIllt at the piano. 
it came together when Jarrett 
resumed his piano work. Swit-
ching from marimba , to piccolo, to 
rt' l'l1rd( 'r . to (·l;lrilirt . .Jarrett WliS 
most at home doing his solo piano 
numbers, and i~ was these that the 
audienee appreciated the most. 

1 had come to the concert to hear 
the solo work that has 
dh tillgllished .larr(' It as H II/Ie 
IIlII S" ·I;111. .1 alTl'tI 's Ilumbe rs 
remain highly personal ex-
pressions, poetry in music. Only in 
the second half of the concert were 
his sidemen able to match his 
precision and grace. Saxophonist 
Dewey Redman had trouble at 
first, but following intermission he 
and .Iarrl'tt IlIatdled tal Il ls to 
produce a tapestry of melodic 
texture and warmth. 

Rarely does one see a musician 
"r .Ja rrett' s bref'd. \)11 1' who is so 
completely a part of his music 
when playing. The concert was 
interrupted twice in the second 
half. The first time, when a light 
;1\T ld\·' lt ,tll .\· t('ll. .Jandt stopped 
playing and waited until the 
audience was silent for a few 
minutes before he began again . 
The second time suddenly stopped 

- in the middle of a. beautiful piece to 
tune his piano. But it was in this 

~('I'ulld Imll tllat .Iarrett 's most 
innovative and expressive work 
was presented, ending with a 
clarinet and sax duet with Red· 
man. 

As Jarrett left the stage with his 
small band (Redman, Charlie 
Haden on bass and Paul Motian on 
drums), i' was obvious that the 
crowd was not going to let this man 
slip away so easily. The encore, 
however, proved more than even I 
,'xpedc(1. .Jarrelt Oil pi<lllo ilnd 
Haden on bass were dreamy and 
magi ",,1 togetlier. as .Jarrett oll('r 
again displayed the complexity 
and energy of his musical 
brilliance. 

" Holling StOlll'" (', Ill/'d ,Jarrett 
"One of the best jazz pianist you' ll 
ever hear" Having seen and heard 
him, all I can do is nod and agree. 

"A Touch of Class" 
with 

George Segal and Glenda Jackson 

7:30 and 10:00 
USB 2722 $1 

(Academy Award-Best Actress) 

Saturday January 24 

"AMARCORD" 
Directed by 

Federico Felllni 

1975 Academy Award, Best Foreign Film 
7 :30 and 10100 
Mandeville Aud. 

Records 

Palmer's Sweet Soul 
by Steve Esmedina 

Staff Writer 
PRESSURE DROP. Robert Palmer. Island, 

Page five 

An indication of how black pop music is rapidly declining in quality 
since the advent of "disco" can be witnessed by noting the best soul 
albums of recent months : Average White Band's "Cut The Cake," 
" Kokomo," and Robert Palmer's "Sneakin' Sally 'Through The Alley" 
and " Pressure Drop." All of these records are by white Britons, and they 
all have what current manifestations of black pop lack : emotional depth. 

Palmer'S new album, " Pressure Drop" is probably the best of the 
bunch. Palmer has a very light, charming voice. Like early Todd 
Rundgren, he uses absolutely no b{ack innections, but is sweet, 
melodica lly precise, and very endearing after a few listenings. As a 
composer, Palmer is sort of a cross between Rundgren in his 
"Something/Anything" period and current Smokey Robinson. The 
album's two highlights, " Give Me An Inch" and " Back In My Arms" are 
airy, effective love songs with delicate string textures. 

Palmer's perennial backup musicians, Little Feat , are tight and 
propulsive. It would be interesting to hear how the addition of Palmer to 
Little Feat , America's best rock group, would arr~ct their music. It could 
very likely beef up what is a lready a major body of work. Whatever the 
case, " Pressure Drop" is an excellent minor album with a hell of a lot 
more soul than anything by Barry White. 
NORTHERN LIGHTS-SOUTHERN CROSS. The Band. Capitol. 

The Band is one of the two American rock groups (Little Feat is the 
other) that has managed to retain a lock on my interest. Despite the fact 
that they have wasted four years since their last studio album, 
"Cahoots," backing up the sclunuck with the whiny voice and idiot IjTics, 
they still have all the grandeur and swept majesty that they did on such 
great albums as " The Band" and " Cahoots." 

" Northern Lights-Southern Cross" brings them up to date with a bullet. 
It is as philosophically fundamental as " The Band," dealing with themes 
of American loneliness, nomadic freedom, and vagabond existentialism. 
MlL<;ically and emotionally it 's as intense and demanding as " Cahoots." 

The very real genius of The Band's work remains their astounding 
textures: - the contrast between terse, funk y guitar chops, loping bass, 
and umpteen varieties of keyboards; synthesizers, calliopes, Lowrey 
organs, and pianos. These all serve to keep the music swirling and en-
veloping. The Band never cease to amaze because of the excellence of 
their music works against their image as Dylan 's band. Compare the 
clanky, blase " Basement Tapes" with this album and see if your eyes 
don't roll with incredulity. It won't matter, of course , beca use" orthern 
Lights-Southern Cross- is a beautiful album, completedly realized, and it 
manages to totally belie its sou rces. 
ZUMA . Neil Young. Reprise. 

eil Young created two manic-<iepressant classics in the late 1960s 
"Neil Young" and " Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere." He followed 
those albums with his raggedy·ann confections " After The Gold Rush" 
and " Harvest." After that his music became increasingly more form· 
less, schizophrenic and de pres ing. Last year, " Tonight's The ight" 
won a g~ deal of critical acclaim because of its supposedly "searing" 
candoI' . The fa ct that it was ill-structured, melodically barren, and filled 
with woc-is-me readymades was rationalized as p ychoanalytic " art 
brut" by Young's most diehard admirers. 

" Zuma " is slightly more coherent. but it confirms Young 's totally 
wrongheaded conception of minimalist art. A declaration of depression is 
no more honest, forthright or evocative than the most bucolic John 
Denvel: lullaby. Young is simply a sentimentalist in reverse, inflicting 
his eonui on his listeners without the slightest semblance of wit or 

Continued on Page 8 

DAVID BOWIE 
CAT STEVENS 
Tickets Available at 

San Diego Ticket Sales 
273-4567 

We nove fhe only good 5eots in lown 

COP1ES 
0IIIr 

:: 31L2¢ 110 
_12 /"J. _MUll 

IIl*OS 2 LOCATIONS 
'101% ~ 224-1323 
It .. COU"Uft. .7"'" 

THE UCSD CATHOLIC COMMUNITY 
311 5 BREMERTON PL LA JOLLA. CA 92031 • TEL 11 1414 53 -1 855 

WEEKEND MAS 

aturday. 11 :30 p m. 
unday . 10:00 a m. MANDEVILLE CE TER , 6 ·21O 

5 :00 p m. Univer iry Community Church 

TUE DAY· cripture themes W I KeVin at Coffee Hut 11 '45 till 
1 p.m. 
WEDNE DAY: Modern Catholic Th m w/Be~nie at Coffe 
Hut. II :45 IiI 1 pm . 
FRIOAY : January 23 ' C .. L WI ' Perelandra w/ I<evin. 
Bremerton Place. 7·30 p .m. 

January 30 - Chri lianity and Art w/ Ed Kron . Bremerton Plac 
7:30p.m 

STAFF: 

Rev . Bernard /. Campbell, CSP 
Rev...Kevin Munn , CSP 
Mr. lohn Kelleher, Utu!'gica/ Coordinator 

Address : 

BIdS· #507, Matthews Campus 
Oftice of Reli ious Affairs 
Pholle: 452-2521 or 452-2548 



Low Blows ... 

Concert Scene 
Flugclhorni:;t Chuck ManJ{ione (UppCr right) will bdng hi:; quartet to 

thc La Paloma Theatre in Encinitas for a cOllcert SUlloay night at eight. 
The Quartet is composed of himself, (icn'I' Nit'wood .. Joe LaBHl'tx:nl. and 
C'llip .Jackson, 

The UC San Dicgo Gospcl Choir. directed by Cedi L~' lIt' . will giyc a 
(,OI I('crt commelllorating thc lifc of the Hcl' , Dr. Martin Luther Klllg .. J ... 
al 811m SundHY at the Mandcville AuditoriulIl , Thc choir will pcrform 
traditional gospel songs Hnd splriluals. including two sacred songs 

n'('cntl~ composed b~' L~1k . Thcy will also OC' joined b~' thc Couccrt 
i!tt~~ (, h<til' of SI. Stephcn's Church of (iod in Christ to honor King Willi his 

= --- f;II'orite h\'mn "Precious Lord" b\' Thomas Dorscl', 
Violinist RHfHel DI'iuHn, I lowe;' rightl a profcssor of music at UCSD, 

will join ('ellist Denis Brott a nd pi;lIli st (,laude Frank I lower left I ill a 
('OII('ert Friday night at eight in thc M;IIl<iel'ilil' Auditol'iutn . f)rulan and 
Brott will (lcrform the Ravel Sonata for Vipliu alld Violincdlu, Frank will 
pla,l' Bcethovcn's "Waldenstein SOllata .... and alllhrcc will.ioin forccs for 
S(,hubert's Trio in B flat MHjnr. Op. 99 . 

Strebel. .. 
Bill and I rushed out of the office and ran to room 34 . I wondered If It is intolerable lor public servants, such as Universih' of California 

th(' re wCI'e ;1I1~' other students in the room. There were. ;l(illliliistrat"l's and jlrorl 'ssors, to ignore the nceds they wc'rc hired to fill. 
It is the right ;md dlllv of the students to demand that thcse univcl'sill' "EI'\'rybod~ ' out of the room, eveI'y body out!" I yelled. Thel'e wcrc rive 1 ' lIlpl,,~' cl's fulfill thc fl;JI('liuns for which thcy are paid b~' the t;lxpa~'el's: 

hi" majors ill thc room, I could tcll from the circiC's around their ey sand . TI ll s ill('huit's providing de('cnt scheduling as well as a quality cducation. 
I hcir qui\'C' ring lips. 

"This lIIan's hilel threc qual1C' l's of roli sci. ma~' be more ! If ~' ou v;riuc 
I o\Il' major. gct out. and now !" Basketball 

... 

It IVas tl)O latt·. I1 e'd alrcady gotten to one of tlie bio majors. Now tilcy 
\\Tf'l' boll I babbling Hnd slobbering about thc urx'oming elcction. Luck il y 
f"r IIIC. I Irad takcllm~' doscofliC'roin before I came to work. 

Bill. <In intcI'll ,1IIe1 I strapped tlie two to stret(,hers and cilf'ried them 
awet,\'. 

" Pnt 'cm inquarantinc." I said. "1'lI c;l1I thc Ilrovost." 
It WilS guing to bc a hard ni l(ht. I put fresh battcril's ill thc ca ttlc prod . 

unbeaten and atop the relnainder of the league. 
Mal Mitchell hit eight of 14 shots, scored 20 points, had six rebounds 

and three assists in the loss of Azusa. Mark Dobransky had 13, and 
Tony Moore and Lyle Smith each put in 10, but the Tritons fell behind 
early and trailed 41-32 at the half. 

22 turnovers were the main reasoQ that the Tritons could only stay 
even through the second half, despite shooting well, and lost the game 
by nine . 

Friday, J .... ry 23,197& 

Tubes ... 
The Tubes opened with "What 

Do You Want 'From Life" 
presenting the audience with its 
first taste of Fee, a man with a 
distinctly biselual manner , 
Another Tubes standard Is the 
starkly brutal "Mondo Bondage." 
Imagine Fee attired in a studded 
leather bondage outfit being 
whipped by his semi-nude lover in 
a fit of masochisUc ecstuy. Eat 
your heart out, John Denver. 

Fee did an excellent Tom Jomes 
imitation to " It's Not Unusual" 
which featured some interesting 
sexual theatrics with four lithe 
lovlies. It was followed by a 
patriotic salute to America that 
probably will not make President 
Ford's list of preferred bicen-
tennial themes. 

But the real kicker comeS during 
the finale when Fee becomes Quay 
Lewd, the English glitter rocker 
decked out in a feather boa and 
eighteen inch platform shoes. The 
Tubes then roared into the fremied 
number "White Punks On Dope" 
which turned their Halloween show 
at Winterland into I riot. 

Basically it was just a typical 
Tubes performance, if there is 
such a thing. But what a helluva lot , 
of {un it was. All one has to 
remember is. that this outrageously 
kinky show is done totally tongue in 
cheek. If you don't your bniin could 
be severely ravaged, and who 
knows? You might find yourself in 
the market for a black leather 
outfit with a whip and ... 

Tired'! 
l'ir('(j of "'hat you rt'Ud ill the 

I'riloll Times'! (lr just tired 01 
II ··at ~' Oll St'e aroulld yuu'! 

!'ht're is ar~nllUd. yuu kilO"'. 
Writt' W us. We IIt'vcr rejed a 

LNIt'r til the Editnr. Wt' almnst 
IlI'wr n'j('d allopillinlll)iec·c. 

It II I' do. it's bel·aust· it wu's 
I lin Inll~ . 

Su liedde what yuu wallt III 
' ;1\. s('c'k out the illfn bell< "n ' 
t';!!':I' t lu find oul whal lilt, 
ll rulI .. 'r I'lIrmat is. and write 
1\ 'Ia t yuu k('I. 

11 ' 11 ~('t yuur stuff tn a wider 
:l1I.li .. nl·e Ihan Ihl' halhrnom 
1\ atl 1·:In. 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ad's 
Rules and Rates 

Classltoeds Should ellhe< be prinled or Iyped on a 3" x 5" card (ayailable 
In Tn lon Times office). They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p m 

The follOWing rales are fOf 100 spaces -- if you use m Ofe spaces, the rate 
w, 1I dOUble 1100 spaces .. 25 cen ls: 101 to 200 _. 50cenlsl. 

Personals .. $1 
Losl and Founo .. Iree 
Other ads studen ts -- 25 cents 
nonsludenls " SI 

Deadlines 4 pm Fnday lor Monday: 4 pm Monday IOf Wednesday; 4 pm 
WedneSday lor F r.oay . 

Announcements free. AU announcements will run In the Monday 
calendar Deadline for calendar ' 4 pm Friday. (All add.loons or cOfrecllons 10 li shngs m lhe Schedule of Classes lor 
regular UniversIty courses Will be charged $1~ . 

TRAVel 
EUROPE. ISRAEL. ORIENT. N Y TGC Low 
COSI IIlgh'S 436 S La Clenega BI. L A. 
90035 It 735·9618 Of (213)652·2727 (3/121 
EUROPE , TAH iTI CHARTER FLIGHTS 
BOOK ON CAM PUS BOOK EARLY CIEE· 
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES UCSO IN-
TERNAT ICNAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12-4 Pn:' 11 .2· ')(.,:)0 i~·' ~~, 

Need to ren l car evenings only. Will 
negol.ale 1I.·ms Call Barbara, 488-5157 
(1/28) 

Old somo.my see anyone br kmg mlo my 
wh,le VW Bug on La Jolla Farms Rd on 
TueSday, Jan 207 Aboul 12·230 pm Will 
pay n . as Ihey s10le aiol of stull Conlacl TT 
oillce jl123) 
PflnClples 0' Dynamics. Greenwood Ames 
121 SemI desperale

' 
Call Mark 755·4810 

11/231 
41h College wallis a goOd d nee band lor 
party · ",II,nq 10 pay IOf Quailly Call MIke 01 
453-04 11/231 

PERSONAls 
To Ba sh lul and Outspoken' We make 
houseca lls (1 /231 
Jem ... Class 01 79 How aboul dinner? We 
melon the train ; Brussels to Paris Call Bob, 
488-1414 (11231 

Peugeol Man's Bike. 1 ().speed , SI15 or Besl 
Oller 26" 27()'5146, Bob. (1/231 

GIbson Public Address Syslem. like new $200 01 Besl Oller Call BOb. 27()'5146 (11231 

Magnayo. Reel To RI Tape Deck w/aulo Rev 
Beauiliul sound . lIke new S21 0 Or 011 r Call 
BOb. 270 5146 (1/231 
Concord Achnl fecelVer accoustallex 
speaker s Koss OUdd headphones Bland new 
$235 284·2675. Paul 111231 
SctnSUI 100 A s tereo r elver 50 wrms like 
new Musl soli loa""" coUni ry . $185 284. 
2675. P ul 11 /23) 

1972 HONDACB35C. II you wanl 10 cruise In 
Ihe sun wl lh Ye<y IItlle ex pense. $450. Call 
DaYld. 481·9826. eye. (1 123) 
Sell or Irade '7 4 250 CZ for 250 Of larger 
Enduro 01 equal Ya lue . Make oller, Bnan. 
4r)1-:'dl.1 n 1:'Hl 

Book sale: Anlhro. Psych. SOCIology books. 
Cheap! HS5 1129 (unde< Muir ProYOSls 
oillcela ll Monday . 11 /261 
Sleeping bag 2·3/8 lb. Goose down. eX ira 
long one. monlh old. S85 Call lale or very 
early 272·8630. (1/23) 

75 Honda CB500T, like new, $1295. 45~ 
7439 (1130, 
Free GOldE:o Retriever! Male - papers _ 
wi Champion BloOd I'nes. To a good home I 
224·0945. 29&-2475. Caliloday! 11 /231 
74 Honda ~L 675. Excel condilion. 488-
7419. (11281 
T lekels on sate now In the box orflce for 
EAB s Valenllne's Day Seml.lormal din. 
ner/dance allhe labulous Kona Kai ClUb. All 
UCSO students, admlmslratloo and slaff are 
InYlied Only $171couple (1123) 

1 5 Bile. excellenl condillon, AM-FM 
rad,o. $725 279·2934 . 11 /231 

Walerbed . Kmg, Bookcase headboard. dark 
wood. complete. was $400 ASkIng S275. 
277-4732 11 /261 

1960 Renaull GoOd mIleage $175 453· 
0311 11/231 

LOST & fOlJNd 
Losl FUjita 5T -601 SLR came<a. H11154 Of 
USB 2722 Wed.I21 . IIlound call , 583-1906. 
ANYTI ME · REWAR O$I! (1/23) 

LoSI Ro""rl 0 Chem HSS 2250 Call 262· 
hH.q Cl/21} 

LOST small turquoise earring with 3 small 
slones. Losl on Revelle Tennis Courl Of 
Women's Gym . Reward . 481 ·0842 (1123) 

Losl Pendlelon Jackel In HSS 1330. Wed. 
Jan . 14. 130 pm Please call Kenl at 755-
7890 (1/231 

LOSI pink & whIle Iyory bracelel 2 Inch band , 
Circular , silver clasp. Reward . No ques1ions 
asked (1/231 

F ROOMMATE NEEDEO fOf 3 bdrm/3 ba 
condo. 011 Genessee behind Scripps HI. 
S75 /mo . 453-0614 (1123) 
ROOMMATE: wfed 3 br condo , Solana Bch. 
Ocean fr onll POols, lenms, Jacuzzi , In· 
credible view $160 mo. Mike , 45~7401 . (1/26) 
M ROOMMATE WANTED 10 share large lIal 
In MiSSion Hills Many ex tras ; Canyon urn , 
AilelS eves. 295·0998. PaUl 12 /2 ) 
Own rm In 2 br apl In Clairement. M/ F, Qulel . nonsmok r UIII Incl Call John. 560-
5627 oller 4 pm . $1 20 mo . (11231 

FREE· Tra,ned Puppy shOiS Pleaseg,ye my F Roomm18 wanled Ocean YU aparl Near 
Boaqle puppy a home C II LorI , 45~2435 41h In ITI Mar . 1 blk 10 cliffs/ beach Xlnl 
11/21) till. 1\11'1<1 \ 1(XJfmo '{) (1. : ', tl /:"H 

Turnlabl BSR610AX Shure M93E . HydlOl 
Cue ba . dU51. LSI $IJOSPt!CS vall . $65 
or ","sl J II 45.1·07 JO (I /231 

FOR RENT Own room on jleacefuI OC89n 
beach house. Clean loghl . yard , qUIet · .deal 
All utllill ,"Cluded . SI 00. Sleven 222·7195. 
210 1059 (1/301 

Own rm. 3 bdrm /2 ba. apl. $95/mo. renl. 
Neat , responsible, considerate , non -smoking 
sludenl prelerred 279-7509. (1/26) 

• SERVICES 
STEREO REPAIR. SIUdenl wilh proless.onal 
training and experience In stereo repair. 
offers greatly reduced rales 10 lhose on 
SIUdenl bUdgets . Repails made on all makes 
and models. amps . preamps. receIvers . 
luners , lapes. and lables, Repa"oo Wllh 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE call 
immediatel y ' o r 'roo est imate and or prob~m 
consullalion . Call 291·5927. (t 123) 

Drum lessons: Latln·A'rican·Jazz rhythms. 
Congos·bongos and Olher percUSSion in-
sl rumenls. II's FUN ! 452-9584. (1/261 

Mark Wenzel . Mime artist avalla~e lor 
panles Superb en tertai nment and 
reasonable 181es. Call22~ ·6011. (4 /9) 

Anyone Inleresled in lorming an I d.,g 
slUdy group'. call Tracy 81452·8972 eveningl (1/281 

TYPING 55 cenl. page Reports . Resume>, 
MISC . Papers. elc . IBM Solecl"c. Call BEE, 

75~7356. Please Clip ad , (1/301 

Tulo"ng . any and all leve ls of French 
$5/hr or $3 lor one hall hour. ~2·UIO (2/21 

TYPlsl IBM Term piper· 
slth lSlS/d,sserlallonslelc Eellllng /luII' jObs /XOfOX 560-8111 Of 452·1588 j3/121 
FLUTe LESSONS . JAZZ 01' Cia • .:. In' 
SlfllCtlon TheOry. Ie<:/!nrq .... oonotIty . Ttl' 
yearse.pCf CHEAP I 453·0730. (11231 

Frld.y, JaD_ry 23, It71 f rife .. flll1(~ , 
Rugby Faces UCSBTomorrow 

by Kim Roberts 
UC San Diego's women's rugby 

team meets UC Santa Barbara 

tomorrow afternoon on Mulr Field. Ombush, scheduled for last 
The battle will begin at noon. weekend, was cancelled. The 

The last women'srnatch, against weekend before that , . UCSD 
r-=============::;;::;;==:::::::=====~ traveled to Arizona , to meet the 

Triton guard Tony Moore (22) dives around a 
defender to get a pass off to fovvard Mark Dobransky 
(42) . ITT Photo : Paul .Jarvis) 

TritonBasketbaIl: It's 
Nearly 'MUst Wm' Time 

By Dave Eisen 
Sports Editor 

The Triton basketball team is moving closer to a "must win" 
situation in the NAIA District 3 Southern Division. 

uam travels to Point Lorna tonight, to meet the Crusaders. With a 
victory, the Tritons (7-10, 0-2 in league) the Tritons' would find 
themselves ahead of Point Lorna (8-7,1-2 in league) in the conference 
standings. 

With a loss, UCSD would fall to the bottom in league play, with only a 
fading chance to make the NAJA play~fs. Cal Baptist (17-2, 2~ in 
league) has virtually been handed the conference championship, and 
it is likely that the second place finishers, along with Cal Baptist will 
be awarded play-off spots. 

The Tritons were stopped by Azusa Pacific, 7~9, Tuesday night, in 
a game that placed Azusa Pacific, along with Cal Baptist and USIU, 

Conlinued on Page 6 

FREE 
Science of Mind 

( "Jll(' and hea r 
Dr. John Wight, D.D. 

on 
, . 
uSIng 
God-power 

for good , 
This Sunday 1 0:45am 

715 Silverado 
La Jolla 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 

Tempe Rugby Club in the morning, 
and the Phoenix rugby Club in the 
afternoon. 

The Sirens lost a 1~ decision to 
much improved Temre, as UCSD 
was totally outplayed. Neither the 
Siren offense nor defense could get 
off the ground. 

The problems for UCSD were 
that the serum were unable to get 
the ball out of the backs, who in 
turn couldn't gain any yardage 
even when they had the ball. 

Coach Va-I Cardeiro and team 
pep leader Jeannie Cunningham 
gave the squad a talk after the 
match, that seemed 'to help the 
Sirens to a 10-0 win over Phoenix 
three hours later. 

Team work was the spark for 
UCSD, as inside center Sandy 
Timmon and wing Debbie Holstein 
were each able to score. Fullback 
Jan Riley made the second con-
version, for the final two points in 
the Siren win. 

Revelle, 
MuirHead 
For Finals 

by Jon Halperin 
Staff Writer 

The semi-finals of the UCSD 
Intercollegiate Basketball tour-
nament were held Tuesday in 
the main gym. In the opener, a 
poorly coached Fourth College 
team was soundly trounced by 
Muir College, and in the nightcap, 
Third College was dealt a stunning 
loss by Revelle . 

In the first game, Fourth got out 
to an early 6-2 lead. Then, Muir 
College, running an offense similar 
to the UCLA " Blitz", rattled off 
fifteen unanswered points to lead 
IH. Mike Brown, the game's 
leading scorer, with 13 points , hit a 
free throw to break the drought for 
Fourth. The score was 17-9 at the 
half. 

In the second half, Fourth pulled 
to within six points at 21-15. 
However, Muir led by Page Smith, 
outscored Fourth 11-2 in one 
stretch to put the game out of 
reach. The final score was 41-24, 
with Muir advancing to the finals . 

Muir was led by a balanced 
scoring attack, and a solid defense. 
Terri London, Ron Beard, and 
Scott Harkness headed the effort . 

Playing well for Fourth in a 
losing effort were Dave Eisen, 
Paul Trevino, and Raj Kapvny. 

In the second game, a poised and 
experienced Revelle College team 
ran away from talented 3rd 
College. 

Revelle jumped off to a 4-0 lead 
and never looked back. In fact, that 
was as close as Third was going to 
get all evening. Paced by Scott 
Creekmur and Paul Lebeau , 
Revelle pulled away to a 22-13 
halftime lead. 

. Continued on Page 8 

Pageseveo 

oFFENSivE 
Scott Sadil 

Surf, Surfing, Surfers 
" Eight foot, and there I was," he said emphaticallY'. " The most perfect 

waves I've ever ridden. JuSt these long glassy walls. And tubes. You 
shoulda seen me!" 

" Yeah. All right," I politely said , nodding my head. 

Surf. Surfing . Surfers. 
What the hell is it all a bout? 

••• 

••• 
The Santa Anas blew last week. It was very warm. The swell picked 

up . There were minus-tides in the afternoons. Black's was .. . weU, like 
only Black's can get. ~nd practicall~ everyone I talked to that got it, or 
thought that they got It, or Just saw It, or heard about it and wished that 
they had got it, most of them sOWlded rather pleased. " Stoked" was the 
word they usually used. 

••• 

The first time I visited my parents in Michigan after they had moved 
away from California, the son of one of their new·found acquaintances 
asked me, " So you're a Soofer, huh? Get to hang around a lot of those 
foxy beach chicks, don ' t ya?" 

" Yeah," I answered to both questions. My folks tell theirfriends that I 
am, so I embarrassedly admit it to these people no matter how they say it 
and what it means to them. And it is easier to agree with that inevitable 
second question·assumption than to explain the contradiction, thus 
ruining the Image for them. 

••• 

Yes, the waves were very good. Just ask any of the guys at UCSD that 
look like they should know. 'nley will be happy to tel! you. 

• •• 

Guns (long, narrow surfboards that are for large waves) are ap-
parently the " in thing" right now. Regardless of ~unctiona lity . But there 
are swallow-tails, round tails, pin tails, butt tails, diamond tails, wings, 
Vee bottoms, flat bottoms, round bottoms, concave bottoms, hard rails 
soft rails, dol-fins, wide fins, two fins, short boards, thick boards, thi~ 
boards, eggs, fishes, and even bonzers. So who is to say which is right or 
best. Because everyone knows Nuuhiwa could ride even a door better 
than anybody else if he wanted to. 

• •• 

" How come you're not tan? You sure don't look like a surfer" she said 
disbelieveingly. ' 

" I'm not," I said, "I just suri. And, you see, it's the wetsult. " 
••• 

And, of course, it was crowded. Very crowded, although I have seen it 
worse. Two, three, four to a wave. The more the merrier? And each year 
the 1!umbers grow. And the hostilities. "I live here." " I've been surfing 
longer." " I surf better." "I've got inside position." So it 's My wave ! So 
fuck you ! So ~ere 's a board into your goddamned spine ! So ... 

• •• 

I am, always running into people that ask, " Do you still suri?" I guess 
they think it is something that you grow out oc. . 

" Yeah," I say tothem. 

• •• 
The sets were consistent. If a wave was caught by only one person he 

(Yes, he. She's are few and far between in the water.) usually rode it w'ell. 
Good waves make good surfers. But the very good surfers will always 

stand out. They did . 

••• 
What is surfing to you? 
" Surfing," he replied, " is the ultimate form of c06mic communication 

with mo~er nature. It is Art. Itis the purestConn ofseU expression . It is 
like maklllg love to a wonderiully sensuous woman. It is placing my 
polyurethane tool deep within Her life-giving womb. It is ..... 

" Blow it olit your ass," I said. 

•••• 

But dammit, there is something special about surfing . Despite the 
crowds, the inflated egos, the bull shit, the Surfers, and leashes, riding a 
w~ve, especially a good wave, whatever that is, can bring untold, inex-
pbcable pleasures to an individual. Certainly , it is not everything. It just 
sometimes seems like it. 

J 



p : 
P.petpt 

good as prof£ 
The assoc~ e vice-chancellor 

would like more faculty 
hired thus r d cing cl&ss sizes. 
He said CAPE reports show that · 
larger claSS()S show a tendency 
for down grarling professors. 

If the mat rial of the course is 
interdisciplinary the ratings fall 
even lower, Stroll said. " With 250 
students, 50 are captive. 

"No ~tter how exciting a 
professor makes the course there 
will be those who dislike it," he 
added. 

Outside Resources 
Another problem facing UCSD 

is resources. " After some in-
vestigation, I am more optimistic 
that I can get resources from 
outside sources than I was a 
month ago. . With carefully 
constructed proposals we might 
be able to find support to trans-
form the writing program on 
campus, add more post~octoral 
support for humanities students 
and more RA support for 
students," said Stroll. 

He hopes to come to a definitive 
answer regarding the resource 
problem within the next few 
months. 

Ratio Problem 
A serious problem regarding 

the graduate/undergraduate 
ratio is being dealt with by the 
Academic Affairs office, Stroll 
said. There are too few graduate 
students for the faculty at UCSD, 
according to Stroll. 

The problem, as he sees it, is 
that " High powered research 
faculty ideally ought to mostly be 
dealing with graduate students. 
These same people, .however, 
must be involved in teaching 
undergraduates. " The Vice-
chancellor's office works to 

Records ... 

harmonize the two diffetent 
poles, Stroll said. 

Stroll was appointed to his part 
time position last quarter to 
relieve Saltman of part of his 
workload. He feels another 
reason he was chosen was 
because at the time there were no 
representatives of the 
Humanities program in the 
administration. Since he had 
been at UCSD for 13 years and 
was one of the original founders 
of the Humanities program, 
Stroll was qualified for the job. 

·He has also had a variety of 
experiences on campus including 
presiding as head of the 
Academic Senate and as a 
department chajrman. 

Stroll presented views on 
various campus issues during the 
interview : 

-The Graduate Student Union 
(GSU ): " I think the GSU has 
some legitimate complaints. TAs 
in some cases were overburdened 
with teaching ... It may be just a 
matter of the faculty being more 
sensitive to the TA situation ... 

"I've heard that the GSU is 
trying to work-to-rule, that is 
work for only 20 hours a week as 
they are part time workers ... No 
one can correlate any academic 
activity to a certain number of 
hours ... 

"Work-to-rule is a mistake. If 
they (GSU members) argue that 
20 hours per week is a job, then 
departments could hire post-
doctorals for the same amount of 
money. 

"I don't think a TA is per-
forming this kind of job. They 
are backing themselves into this 
position. I hope the work-to-rule 
will disappear." . 

Stroll believes that there are 
plenty of post-doctorals who 
would work at UCSD. 

musical originality. If I wanted to heal' boring confessions I could have 
b come a priest. I don't ne d Neil Young to show me what I'm ~issing. 

THE TONY BENNETT -BILL EV ANS ALBUM. Fantasy. 

Personal tastes aside, Tony Bennett has always struck me as a brilliant 
singer. Until now, the thick, husky resonance of his voice has been 
wasted by syrup-filled collections of purposeless pop songs. Backed by 
Evan 's achingly romantic piano, Bennett's talents are given ample room 
to soar, and he uses the opportunity well. Particularly beautiful are the 
sedately sentimental " Waltz For Debby" and the chillingly austere " My 
Foolish Heart ." A fine, off the beaten track collection by two superb 
traditionalists. 

Bob Davis Came~a Shop : 
PkeUJg'Ulpkit equifHtteHl Ut .£0. ge!fa 

\oil e ~ -- Discount Prices 
. \ / 

~ ' 
.... / 

" -::::;.---

7717 Fay 

Canon, Olympus 
Nikon, Pentax 

Sales, Repairs, & Trades 
459-7355 

_ ...................... -i CL~CESALE I 
= -all clothing 20% off : 
I -ali racquets and stri ngi ng 15% off I I (with this ad) I 
= -all accessories regularly 1096 off : 

• • • Men, women, boy & girl apparel, racquet, • 

Strike Always "Bad" 
-An indefinite GSU strike: "A 

strike is always bad. Again, the 
GSU is using the industrial 
model. An ordinary ' industrial 
worker is not given an education. 

"The strike does not hurt the 
administration. We are not 
selling any product. Withholding 
serviN'.'J affects only students. ' 

-CIA recruitment on campus: 
"The fact is that the CIA has not 
recruited on campus since 1969 ... 
I thought the resolution 
proposed by the Academic Senate 
was peculiar." 

The resolution called for 
complete disclosure and term-
ination of all CIA activity at 
lJC. Stroll felt that there was no 
CIA activity on campus, there 
was no need for the second half of 
the resolution. "The issue was 
presented on campus as if you 
objected to the resolution you 
were for the CIA." 

-Freshmen living on campus: 
" Freshmen should not be 
required to live on campus, but 
it's a good idea." 

-Tuition: "I have always been 
opposed to any tuition... Every 
citizen should be supplied the 
opportunity to gain the maximum 
edu~ation he can grapple with. 
The state should be interested in 
providing this education in its 
own interests .. . Tuition prohibits 
minorities from going on in 
education... The state ought to 
tax to raise the money." 

Stroll commented that it was 
unfair to require parents of 
college students to pay both taxes 
to support the colleg.es and 
tuition. 

Revelle, Muir .... 
. In the second half, Revelle 
resumed its crisp-passing 
perimeter offense and continually 
burned Third with good outside 
shots. Third managed to pull 
within five points twice during the 
second half, but the calm, com-
posed Revelle :squad would let 
them get no closer. With the game 
getting out of reach, the Third 
College bench started harrassing 
the referees. The officials had 
made some questionable calls, but 
they did not affect the outcome. 

Playing well for Third were 
Larry Collins, Ken Stockstill and 
Tim Hayne. 

The finals will pit a strong Muir 
team against a solid Revelle 
squad. The game will take place 
February 14, before the UCSD-
Azusa Pacific varsity matchup. 

Ledurer 
H. Gobind Khorana, considered 

one of the pioneers in elucidating 
and determining the elements of 
the genetic code, will be the 1976 
Calbiochem-UC San Diego 
Foundation lecturer, January 26-27 
and February 2-3, at UCSD. 

Khorana, Alfred P. Sloan 
Professor of Biology and 
Chemistry at the Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology, has suc-
ceeded in chemically synthesizing 
an entire gene, a laboratory ac-
complishment which opens the 
<loor to study of outstanding 
problems in molecular biology_ 

Khorana is the third lecturer in 
the series which began in 1974. 
Previous lecturers were Frank H. 
Westheimer of Harvard University 
(1974) and Edward Anders, of the 
University of Chicago (1975). 

A distinguishing feature of the 
lecture series is that it bestows the 
equivalent of a visiting 
professorship on the lecturer who 
remains on the UCSD campus for 
two weeks to consult and meet with 
colleagues and students. 

All four lecturers will take place 
at 4 p.m. in room 2622 of the 
Undergraduate Sciences Building 
on the Revelle campus. 

Regents 
Out of the fourteen meetings of 

the UC Regents scheduled for the 
1976-77 academic year, only three 
will be held on UC Campuses. 

The three campus sites chosen 
are UC Davis, UC Los Angeles and 
UC San Francisco. 

Other meeting locations will 
alternate between the Los Angeles 
Convention Center and the San 
Francisco Extension Center. The 
first meeting is set for February 
19-20 at the Los Angeles Convention 
Center. 

Award 
Stanford S. Penner, UC San 

Diego Professor of Engineering 
Physics and Director of the Energy 
Center, has been selected to 
receive the G. Edward Pendray 
Award from the American 
Ins~tute of Aeronautics and 
Astronautics AlA A for 1976. 

Given annually to "an individual 
who has made an outstanding 
contribution or contributions to 
aeronautical and astronautical 
literature in the relatively recent 
past," the award will be presented 
during the AIAA 12th annual 
meet ing next Thursday, in 

Friday, J ••• .,. II, It71 

Washington, OC. 
The award is being presented to 

Penner for his "outstanding 
contributions to the literature of 
aerothermo chemistry and its 
application to combustion theory 
radiative heat transfer and re: 
entry phenomena." The Pendray 
award consists of a certificate of 
appreciation, an honorariwn and 
an inscril>ed desk clock. 

PeMer came to UCSD in 1964 as 
professor and first chairman of the 
Department of Aerospace and 
Mechanical Engineering Sciences, 
after serving on the faculty of the 
California Institute of Technology 
for 14 years. 

In 1968 he was named director of 
UCSD's Institute for Pure and 
Applied Physical Sciences, and 
served as Vice Chancellor of 
Academic Affairs during the 1968-
69 academic year before returning 
to teaching and research. 

Since 1972 he has been respon-
sible for the development of 
energy-related programs and 
courses on the San Diego campus. 

Books 
The second annual 

Undergraduate Book Collection 
Contest is now taking entries. 

Sponsored by Friends of the UC 
San Diego Library, the contest is 
open to all undergraduate students 
currently enrolled at UCSD. 

Entries for the 1976 contest may 
be a collection centering on any 
one subject, a collection fOCUSing 
on a single author or group of 
authors, or a collection of works by 
a single printer, book designer, 
binder or illustrator. 

The collections should include 
about 25 books and must be owned 
by the student. Each entry must 
include an annotated 
bibliographical essay describing 
each book in the collection and 
outlining the reason for its choice 
and its special value. The essay 
must also include a section on how 
the entrant became interested in 
building a library. 

The closing date for submission 
of the bibliographical essay is 
April 5, with final judging and 
awarding of prizes on April 19. 
First place will be a prize of $150, 
second place $75 and third place 
$50. 

Further information may be 
obtained by contacting Marc 
Gittelsohn at the Hwnanities 
Library. 

! 
f 

11 ' I tringing, & racquetball equipment i 
= The : ALL CAMPUS DANCE ITennis Racquet: MAIN GYM9-1AM 
• In tevens Square • I;'I 6/"t' ~ tl ' 
• 742 Genevi v t .. olana Bach . r eaturing 'I rue IJ\;VO OQ 
= across from Fidel's Mexican Restaurant : UCSD Students only SPONSORED BY 
• 755-7232 • Free with Student ID PHYSICAL EDUCATION DEPT . 
•••••••••••• iiII ............... ___________________________ ----


