
Disciplinary Hearings End; 
Six Charged Students Testify 

In a nearly r itua l display of cuteness and adorability, a dog 
shows , deepset anthropomorphic psychosis . (TT Photo: 
Bill Brooks) . 

UCSD Budget for '77-78--

by James G. Soto 
. City Editor 

Disciplinary hearings for 10 UC 
San Diego students charged with 
violating University regulations 
during UC President Saxon's Nov .. 
25 visit ended Friday night when 
six of the charged students took the 
stand and said they did not 
threaten Saxon's safety or impede 
his progress as he walked across 
campus. 

The hearings, which began in 
February, were held to ac-
cumulate evidence for and against 
charges that the students com-
mited the violations during a 
demonstration against alleged 
Central Intelligence Agency ties 
withUC. 

In addition to impeding Saxon's 

progress and endangering his 
health and safety, the students are 
also charged with disobeying or-
ders from UCSD officials - police 
officers and administrators -
around Saxon during a walk from 
USD 2622 to the Chancellor's 
complex. 

Hearing officer Robert 
Lugannani told reporters Friday 
morning that transcripts of the 
hearings,will be made available to 
attorneys for UC and the students 
in one to two weeks. The attorneys 
will then write briefs outlining 
their cases. 

Lugannani will study the briefs 
and testimony and make a 
recommendation to Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs G~orge Murphy as to 

whether the charged students have 
violated UC regulations. 

He said he expects to reach a 
decision by mid-May. 

Did Feel Pressured 
During th~ final sessions on 

Thursday evening and Friday, 
there was no new major In-
formation revealed by the defense. 
However, during UC counsel 
Milton Gordon's cross-
examination of Maia McGhee, she 
said that at one point, when she had 
linked arms with other students in 
front of the Saxon procession, she 
felt pressured by the crowd behind 
her. 

No Guarantees On Additions Support of Farmworkers 

Her testimony is the first by any 
non-UC witness that the crowd 
may have either been slowed by a 
chain of demonstrators, or that it 
might have pushed the chain faster 
than it was going. 

Several of the charged students 
said they saw shoving or pushing 
by UCSD administrators. George 
Katsiaficas said Third College 
Dean Dan Munoz elbowed hUn at 
one point during the procession. 
McGhee said she saw both Munoz 
and deputy vice-chancellor Rick 
Whitehill shoving students. She 
s3id Whitehill charged into the 
crowd with his arms raised like a 
football player. 

" We only have two equations 
with three unknowns," said Vice-
chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Paul Saltman in reference to UC 
San Diego academic planning for 
1977-78. 

UCSD has been asked to submit 
the 1977-78 budget without knowing 
what the budget will be in 1976-77, 
said Salbnan in a recent interview . 
He said UCSD is to assume no 
change in 1976-77 budgeted 
resources - such as the 18.53: 1 
student/faculty ratio and the 
projected 49:1 studentlTA ratio -
in planning for 1977-78. Thus with 
the projected inerease in student 
enrollment UCSD would receive 32 
new faculty members and 26 more 
TAs, according to Saltman. 

More Grants, but Higher Ratios 
These additions to the budget 

have an estimated value of 
$500,000, said Saltman. There is no 
guarantee that UCSD will receive 
as much, he added. 

According to Saltman, a study by 
the office of Planning and Analysis 
at UCSD indicates that on a per 
capita basis UCSD faculty are 
receiving research grants and 
contracts on a level twice that of 
any other UC campus. Although 
this figure excludes Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography and 
University Hospital, UCSD still 
outdoes UC Berkeley's general 
campus factor of three on a per 
capita basis. 

However, said Saltman, UCSD 
has a significantly higher 
faculty/student and T Alstudent 
ratio than the UC-wide average. 

The' UCSD libraries have also 
been hit with cutbacks, said 
Saltman. 

UCSD libraries receive the 
poorest rate of staffing support of 
all the UC schools. And the book 
budget has been decreased in spite 
of a larger faculty and a growing 
campus, complained Saltman. 

" I don't know why UCSD is being 
discriminated against," said 
Saltman. 

FIKures show that UCSD brings 
in approximately 20 per cent of the 
total individual research and 
grants of the UC system with only 

ight to ten per cent of the faculty . 
"We have set high standards for 

ourselves and have maintained 
them," said Saltman. 

Then why should the state 
support UCSD as it is stl11 able to 
bring in this much Income? 

" I believe in rewarding ex-
cellence rather than mediocrity," 
Saltman answered. 

Initiative Urged at Rally 

CalPIRG Ends 
Nursing Home 
. 1 nvestigation 

By Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

"Forty-five recommendations 
and seven conclusions concerning 
nursing home care were presented 
to the San Diego Board of Super-
visors," said Alan Kremen, a UC 
San Diego student and a member 
of the California Public Interest 
Research Group (Cal PIRG). 

After six months of hearings and 
investigations, the task force on 
nursing home care brought its 
findings to the board last week. 

The task force, established by 
supervisors last November, heard 
testimony from state and local 
agencies with regard to patient 
care and ancillary services. 
Parents and children of patients, 
employees, facility ad-
ministrators, physicians and 
patients also testified. 

Kremen said the report must 
now be approved by the super-
visors. He hopes implementation of 
the recommendations would be 
forthcOming. 

However, some of the recom-
mendations could only be in-
stituted if existing laws and 
regulations are changed. Kremen 
is also working with state 
legislators in pursuit of these ' 
goals. 

Continuea on Page 5 

UC San Diego history professor 
Richard Romo last week urged 
people on Revelle plaza to support 
the farmworkers initiative which 
would separate funding for the 
Farm Labor Relations Board from 
state legislature control. 

The board is under heavy con-
troversy because it spent its an-
nual budget in less than a year. 
Many legislators - Republicans 
and rural Democrats -- are 
reluctant to fund it further, 
charging that the board favored 
-the United Farmworkers Union 
(UFW) in its first months of 
existence. 

November Baliot • 

The farm workers initiative, if it 
receives enough signatures from 
registered voters, would be placed 
on the November ballot for 
ratification by California voters. 

Romo, one speaker in a rally 
supporting he initiative held 
Friday at noon, told the assem-
blage of 35 people that UCSD 
MECHA will ' have tables on 
Revelle plaza next week at noon 
where students can sign the 
initiative. 

Reminding his audience that 
individuals must be registered 
voters to sfgn the measure, Romo 
told the students to bring their 
friends with them next week to sign 
it. 

Also at the rally, a list of UFW 
and non-UFW wines was read. The 

Found in Santa Monica 

Duquette Returns Home 
Joy Duquette, the Revelle sophomore feared dead by police has been 

found safe. 
According to authorities, thanks to information supplied by UC San 

Diego students It was possible to trace her to Santa Monica. She had 
taken a train north in February. 

Duquette returned home Thursday by bus. No specific explanation 
of her disappearance has been offered other than that sh was 
unhappy In achool. 

She is expected to return to college, but not at UC San Diego. 
Her parents are grateful to aU thOle who helped locate her. 

non-UFW list included Gallo, 
Boone's Farm and Thunderbird. 

The wines sanctioned by the 
farmworkers union included Bali 
Hai, Sangrole and Novitiate. 

San Diego State University's 
MECHA was represented by a 
speaker who told of a referendum 
at that school to stop the Daily 
Aztec, State's newspaper, from 
running Gallo advertisements. 

" Dirty Tactics" 

The speaker said that because of 
"dirty tactics" by Gallo su~ 
porters , the referendum was 
defeated. She charged that the 
Gallo wine company paid people to 
leaflet State students with pro-
Gallo material which, she said, 
caused an anti-UFW backlash. 

The rally was preceded by a 
march aroWld Revelle plaza by 30 
persons, clapping and chanting 
such slogans as "Boycott lettuce, 
boycott grapes, boycott the wine 
that Gallo makes," and " No more 
scab lettuce at UCSD." 

Mafioso or CIA type 
Cookie Mahoney, another of the 

charged students, testified that 
Whitehill's charge had a "mental 
impact" on the crowd and that his 
behavior was the roughest of any 
individual involved in the walk. 

Katsiaficas said that during 
Saxon's question and answer 
session on the gym steps, UCSD 
police officer Joseph Thornhill 
lifted his wallet. He called Thorn-
hill a "mafioso or CIA type" of 
thug.- Marco LiMandrl,- another of 
the charged students, said that he 
may have seen Thornhill shoving 
people on another occasion. 

None of the charged students 
said they violated UC regulations; 
several said UCSD administrators 
acted in a provocative manner. 

Students also said that though 
they were upset by the answers 
given by Saxon at thelluestion and 
answer session, they were n,j,} 
upset to the point of bre . tu 
regulations. :!r 

35 people 
upporting 

Brooks) ~ 
ath r d in Revell pi za Friday to h 
th f rmwork rs Initi tiv. (TT 



Page! Monday, April 1%,1"1 

Letters to the Editor 
• '.011.' DieS 

\ UC SIlO Diego Emptying Pockets at the Bookstore 
Jalln H. T.ylor 
Edltor·ln-Chief 

IbIllSledl. 
Newsedilor 

MerI< W.,.,ber 
Managing editor 

S.,IJ. Lowen 
Communilyedilor 

J ...... G. Soto 
Cllyeditor 

Craig Uehlcll 
Opinion editor 

The Triton TI ..... I. recognized II lhe offlclll Iludent ",wapeper by the Com· 
m ... iCltl .... BOlrd of UCSO. Un.lgned ... torl". re",_ntttle vie •• of the m-iorlty 01 
the edltorlll board IlboWlI. _ not the vie •• of the University. the Communie.tlons 
Boerd or the student body. 

TT Office Space:. 
It's Simply Not An Issue 
The following Is a letter from editor-in-chlef John H. Taylor to 

Budget/Resource Group member Steve Petach tbat explains, we bope, 
our position on space for the Triton Times in the student center: 

"About a year and a ball ago, we were approacbed by the students wbo 
were handling early planning for Step n. They asked some people over 
bere - none of whom are still with us, except for Ed SimOllS, wbo Is 
comatose and unavailable for comment - wbatkind of space we needed. 

"They were told we needed lots of space, because we've about 35 people 
and at least a dozen monster desks and tables. We need a public area - for 
ads, both display and classified - a place to talk to people In relative 
privacy and room to produce tbe paper. 

"Our guidelines were worked around by tbe students, and the design 
tbey came up with is the current design of the second floor space around 
whicb rages the controversy. It bad been out understanding, tben, Utat 
tbe space would be allocated to us, simply because it was designed to our 
specifications. 

I'd like to make public my 
feelings of outrage after 
discovering a new policy in effect 
at the University Bookstore. 

As I proceeded through the 
turnstiles into the bookstore 
proper, I was infonned tbat I must 
leave my purse in the book bag 
shelves or I could not enter. When I 

• questioned how I was supposed to 
make a purchase, the reply was 
"Take your wallet out of your 
purse." When asked why I bad to 
do this, I was told that it's a 
bookstore policy. 

What makes me so angry is the 
fact that students are being treated 
as if we're all criminals and rip-off 
artists. I don't believe that's a 
valid identity. 

Also, I happen to carry other 
valuable things in my purse, such 
as credit cards, ID, and check-
book, that I don't intend to leave 
unattended on a shelf. It's a little 
stupid to be forced to carry around 
all the contents of one's purse in 
your hands in order to purchase 
books. 

It is obviously hard to take my 
business elsewhere since the 
closest place which might carry 

"We never asked for Ute space. We assumed someone wiser Utan us bad 
decided we ougbt to have it. 

Verbal Notice 
Sufficient "Now. I flnd·a battle is being wal[ed in our beball. with the Triton Times portrayed as tbe greediest bastards since Scrooge, insensitive space bogs 

wbo wouldn't care if other student organizations bad to pitcb tents outside 
for operating room. 

"You know, of course, that we would bavepreferred to stay at 117 Blake 
Hall. The space is centrally located, accessible to more students tban we 
feel the student center Is [at the moment], and larger than tbe space tbat 
was designed for us. And, more important, It is separate from the sub-
jects of many of our stories - that is, the student center and the people 
who work in it and run iI. 

"We have a business relationship with Revelle, rather tban a political 
one that would be Inevitable at the student center. We pay our $1450 rent, 
and that 's it. 

" But when the wheels started clicking at tbe student center, they 
started clicking at Revelle. The resident dean's office has, apparently, 
been eyeing this space for several years, and plans to move in Utis 
summer. 

"So we have to move, and we have to move into roughiy comparable 
space. But we find ourselves vlllains - something we're used to, of course 
- for settling for smaller space than we have now. We're sitting on each 
other already over here. And no matter what one thinks about the Triton 
Times, we need a big room - or set of rooms - to do our jobs. 

" I have not heard an alternative to tbe second floor space that would 
work .. I'm not being greedy or obstinate. Just pract""al. 

"Throughout the whole mess, we were never particularly well In. 
formed about the process. Because we thought the space was there for us, 
we perhaps have appeared more fat and self-assured than we ougbt to 
have. I guess tbat's too bad. But I certainly would have preferred to hear 
more than dark rumors. 

"Let me know how I can help." 

No Smoking 
Throughout the world a movement to protect tbe rights of those wbo do 

not smoke has begun to gain strength. Non-smokers have grown 
protective of their right to breath unpolluted air. Some'might even say I .~! have become militant. 
~ the United States this movement bas taken the form of proposed 

~ral legislation to provide special areas for non-smokers in work 
lies. Other countries have gone further, to start massive education 
'lins in elementary schools to teach cbildren about the very real dangers 
smoking. 
The movement has taken a fragile grasp In San Diego. BoUt the city and 
.unty have passed no-smoking ordinances for certain areas, sucb as 
'ting lines in food stoJ'es and city buses. 

o e ordinances are .~atlve and weak. For example, the city recently 

j;ected a suggestion to extend its smoking ban to restaurants. ~ut they are a good st!rt in the right direction. ~hile the city has tllten these steps, UC San Diego has remained 
without such a progressive measure. For whatever reason, UCSD has 
decided that a no-smeking rul_to protect the majority of students, 
faculty and staff from a smoking minority-Is not worth ill!: trouble. 

The only exception to tbis are the campus libraries, which specify areas 
where people can smok .... 
, But, everywhere els~, non-smokers are forced to sit in discomfort 
whenever they are in ;;. class with smokers. In a lecture hall or section 
room, one person smoking can make the situation of tbose around him 
miserable. 

And the smoke is dangerous. Studies have shown that a percentage of 
cigarette smoke ill the air is inhaled by everyone In th vicinity of a 
smoker. NOII·smokers who sit close to a smoker can in effect smoke up to 
a pack of cigarettes a day. 

It is time for th University to join the progressive cities throughout the 
nation and ban smoking in all classroom and provid non-smoking areas 
for ' taff per onnel in work-offices. 

Non-smokers have suffered long enough. We urge them to make their 
desire for unpolluted air known, to th tud nt ooperatlve, college 
councils, dealls and provosts . Only by collective action is til ponderous 
univ r Ity machine spurr d. 

In response to the letter (TT. 
April 7) concerning discourtesy on 
the part of the Revelle Residence 
Hall Board in not notifying Dan 
Graifer of the selection for the new 
position, I must state that Mr. 
Graifer was officially notified by 
me, in a dinner conversation at the 
end of the quarter. 

As chairperson for the Winter 
quarter, I felt that rather than 
sending Mr. Graifer and the other 
applicant an impersonal Xerox 
stating the results, I would notify 
them in a more personal fashion. 
At thal time he asked me who in 
fact did receive the position, and I 
notified him of the decision based 
on approval of the board, at which 
time the conversation was con-
cluded. 

I feel lhat a personal touch to 
communication demonstrates not 

. " a lack of elementary courtesy," 
but rather a more honest approach 
to maintaining good relations with 
people -- something that is 
definitely lacking at this school. 

JANET FISHER 

my required texts is San Diego 
State. Besides, the books used in 
many UCSD classes are usually 
not found any where else in the 
county. 

The University Booksto!,e 

Catoon to the Editor 

operates a monopoly and obviously 
feels they can treat us anyway they 
want. This letter will probably be 
filed away and forgotten but I feel 
that my protest has to he made. 

JUDY YAMAGATA 

.~ 

Other Side of Nuclear Power 
Ignored at Symposium 

The Saturday meeting ad-
vertised as a "Nuclear Education 
Symposium" would have been 
more appropriately billed as a 
"Rally for Yes on 15." 

Surely the University com-
mWlity as a whole was not misled. 
The one-sided presentation did not 
approach anything even bor-
dering on education. The 
organizers were, of course, entitled 
tv convene any type of meeting 
they wanted . However, 
masquerading their single-
purposed rally as an "education 
symposium" is characteristic of 
the misrepresentations they are 
using in the current initiative 
debate. 

There are two sides to the 
nuclear power question for those 

who are willing to listen. I 
remained after the formal 
presentations for over two hours 
and answered questions for a 
group of about six people. I doubt 
that I changed any opinions, but I 
was able to point up several con-
tradictions in their arguments. 
They were also exposed to the 
evidence which, in my mind, 
overwhelmingly supports the 
contention that nuclear power is 
safe, economical and en-
vironmentally compatible. 

It is unfortunate that the 
majority of the audience was 

deni~d a truly educational 
program. 

GLENN A. DUCAT 
NUCLEAR ENGINEER, PHD 

-

• 

-

" . 

t:. 

Monday, AprillZ, 1"1 Page 3 

An Open Letter to the University Community from the GSU 

"Jonathan Saville's Reforms 'Menace Future of Our Education" 
Each day that passes becomen 

day of crises for the future of 
education at UCSD. For a loilg 
time we have lived with the day by 
day deterioration of un-
dergraduate instruction at this 
University. By now we bave all 
become too well acquainted with 
the continuing report of budgetary 
cutbacks, increasing enrollments, 
expanding section sizes, and 
growing student-teacher ratios. We 
have seen the ultimate end of this 
frightening progression in a 
nightmare vision that has haWlted 
our waking hours. While some of us 
bave organized to fight this erosion 
of educational standards, others 
bave hoped that this dismal reality 
would postpone itself long enough 
so that they personally might 
escape its consequence . But today 
and everyday of this spring 
quarter, in the Humanities 
Program of Revelle College, the 
future has arrived. The nightmare 
is no longer a dream. 

Professor Jonathan Saville of the 
Department of Literature bas this 
quarter chosen to completely 
eliminate both written papers and 
formal discussion sections from 
the Humanities 7 course he is 
teaching at Revelle. In the place of 
papers Professor Saville, unlike 
the rest of the Humanities faculty, 
plans to base the students' grade 
solely upon two one-hour quizzes 
and a final examination designed 
to test the students' knowledge of 
factual information. In the place of 
formal section meetings Professor 
Saville has scheduled a third 
weekly lecture. A single teaching 
assistant bas been hired to perfonn 
the function of a reader. 

It is vitally important that all 
faculty members, graduate and 
Wldergraduate students on this 
campus fully realize the 
magnitude of the Wlfortunate and 
unnecessary sacrifice entailed in 
the elimination of sections in 
Humanities 7. For the course of 
action chosen by this individual 
literature professor is perhaps the 
most blatant example we have 
ever had to confront as absolute 
proof of the progressive 
deterioration of undergraduate 
education at UCSD. 

Designed to compensate for the 
coldness and impersonality of the 
large lecture hall, the section 
format is an essential complement 
to the undergraduate learning 
experience in the University . In 
lecture courses of 100 or more 
students, where the individual is 
reduced to an anonymous iden-
tification number, the' section 
meeting is the only opportunity Ute 
student has to receive personal 
attention, to respond directly to the 
material presented in lecture, and 
to find help with whatever 
problems he may have en-
countered. 

Most important, however, it is 
the only opportunity the student 
bas to engage in the dialogue of a 
discussion forum and to thereby 
take an active role in the process of 
his own education. To take away 
the section is to effectively restrict 
the student's function in the 
University, especially during the 
freshman and sophomore years, to 
the detached, passive absorption of 
facts and data, ("names and , 
dates," as Professor Saville has 
specified on his course description 
for Humanities 7) which he is then 
expected to regurgitate on "ob-
jective" quizzes and examinations. 

To eliminate the means for 
encouraging an ongoing dialogue 
within the classroom and to 
discourage the expression of a 
divergence or views is to run the 
further risk of confusing an 
authentic committment to learning 
with the creation of a demagogue. 
Professor Saville claims to believe, 

in a letter written to the GSU, that 
" the free exchange of ideas Is the 
essence of the university." ~hy 
then has he done everything in his 
power to insure that this free ex-
change of ideas will not take place? 

Why has Jonathan Saville chosen 
to deprive the undergraduates of 
this aspect of their education? It is . 
especially difficult to' explain 
Professor Saville's decision to 
eliminate sections in light of the 
fact that there exl~ts no apparent 

educational experience of the 
undergraduates would be most 
enhanced by the addition of an 
extra lecture and the elimination of 
discussion sections. This is an 
argument which is ridiculous and 
absurd in the extreme. 

We are prepared to admit that 
the addition of a third lecture each 
week represents a potentially 
useful supplement to the course 
content. But surely this addition 
neither necessitates nor justifies 

sections. On the one hand he is, 
concei v ably, merely a sadly 
deluded individual. His arguments 
are, perhaps, no more than simply 
nonsense. Out of some personal 
frustration he has irrationally 
chosen to single-handedly oppose 
the educational structure of the 
University itself; to defy nad 
discredit the fonn of instruction 
which has been traditional on this 
campus and on campuses across 
the count ry. On this point we 

In Defense of Saville: Two Letters 
GSU's False Concerns for Undergraduate Education 

In response to a letter by the 
GSU in The New Indicator (April 
6-20) asking for literature 
Professor Johnathan Saville's 
resignation, I would like to point 
out the irony, inconsistencies,. 
and absurdities contained in the 
letter. 

It is obvious thatthe GSU failed 
to think before writing the letter. 
How can they attack Professor 
Saville's decision to add an extra 
lecture per week and cancel 
discussion sections in his 
Humanities 7 course, sections the 
GSU claim are "designed to 
compensate for the coldness and 
impersonality of the large lecture 
hall"? This seems very ironic 
since Professor Saville is a strong 
advocate of open and free 
discussion in the classes that he 
conducts. 

The GSU attacked Professor 
Saville for cancelling the sec-
tions, which they see as the 
students' only opportunity for 
participating in open discussions, 
but failed to explain the format of 
his lectures. Professor Saville's 
lectures are quite unique. The 
fact is, they are not lectures at 
all, they are discussion sections 
led by a very interesting and 
stimulating individual. Professor 
Saville encourages student 
participation to the utmost 
degree. Not only does he en-
courage open discussions, but the 
discussions that take place in his 
classes provide as much, if not 
more interest than a discussion 
section led by a TA. Having 
overlooked the fonnat and ef-
fectiveness of Professor Saville's 
lecture is evidence of the GSU's 
false altruisitic character, 
claiming to be concerned with the 
quality of undergraduate 
education when they only seem to 
be concerned with the 
elimination of the two half-time 

reason to do so. Professor Saville is 
well aware that there are boUt the 
funds and the teaching assistants 
available to staff the sections of 
Humanities 7 which do not now 
exist. 

In addition, throughout Ute 
history of this University Jonathan 
Saville has always been a strong 
advocate in favor of continuing 
class meetings at all costs. Even in 
moments of social and political 
unrest, both on and off the campus, 
when a great majority of the 
members of his own department 
have felt that a relevant political 
statement could be made through 
the suspension of classes, Jonathan 
Saville has remained faithful to a 
private conviction that the halting 
of classes would cause more hann 
than good. Why then should he now 
arbitrarily choose to abolish class 
meetings at a time wben such a 
course of action would appear to 
represent a wholly gratuitous 
sacrifice? 

In written response to these 
questions,. Professor Saville has 
infonned Ute GSU that his decision 
to abolish sections was detennined 
"entirely on pedagogical grou~ 
WI," and that it was his "co~ 
sldered judgment" that the 

graduate student teaching 
positions. 

The GSU also rejected 
Professor Saville's decision to 
substitute the sections for an 
additional lecture which he 
determined "entirely on 
pedagogical grounds." The GSU 
says tbat this explanation is 
"absurd in the extreme." ' The 
fact is, it is not. Professor Saville 
is highly qualified in determining 
how to utilize the teaching ef-
fectiveness to the utmost. How 

can the GSU attack Saville for 
deciding to cancel the sections on 
" pedagogical grounds" when 
they are the ones who claim to be 
strong advocates of quality 
education? The GSU claims that 
they are concerned with the 
quality of undergraduate 
education, but when Professor 
Saville tries to improve that 
education, they are up in anns. 
This is just another indication 
that the GSU's concern for the 

Continued on Page 10 

Saville's Seminar Format Called 
Inventive, Lucid 

The GSU has called for the 
resignation of Professor 
Jonathan Saville of the Depart· 
ment of Literature on the 
grounds that his presence at 
UCSD contributes to the further 
erosion of undergraduate 
education and undermines the 
teaching program for graduate 
students. Their charges are 
based primarily on the fact that 
Professor Saville is not using 
teaching assistants in his 
Humanities 7 course. Starting 
with this fact the GSU makes 
charges against his character 
and professional competence. I 
should like to speak to these two 
charges on the basis of my at-
tendance of some of the sessions 
of the experimental Humanities 
seminar in which Professor 
Saville participated last sufnmer, 
and my experience as a TA under 
his direction in Humanities 5. 

In the seminar Professor 
Saville's presentations 'were 
inventive, lucid, subtle, and 
based upon a solid scholarly 
foundation. At no time did he 
insist upon the acceptance o~ ~is 

the sacrifice of sections. Clearly it 
is possible to include both extra 
lectures and the usual .section 
meetings since this was exactly the 
fonn he himself employed for his 
Hwnanities 5 course this past Fall 
Quarter. 

Basically, Professor Saville is 
telling us that, in his estimation, 
discussion sections are 
detrimental to the educational 
experience of undergraduates . He 
is telling us, in effect, that the 
Wldergraduate student will do 
himself more harm than good by 
participating in a discussion 
forum, by being allowed to express 
his own views, by shedding his 
conditioned passivity and by 
taking an active role in his own 
education. For these reasons 
Jonathan Saville presumes to have 
us belive that he has done the 
Wldergraduate pop'.Jlation a big 
favor in eliminating all of the 
above possibilities ; in destroying 
the cbance for an undergraduate 
student to receive a meaningful 
education at UCSD, "entirely on 
pedagogical grounds." 

There are two equally unat-
tractive possible interpretations of 
the explanation Professor Saville 
has given for his elimination of 

own interpretation, nor did he 
adopt any · single format of 
criticism. He was open-minded 
and independent in his 
judgments. 

His lectures in Humanities 5 
were stimulating, but not at the 
expense of content. Rather than 
acting the demagogue he en-
couraged students to enter the 
intellectual fray. He conducted 
the T A sessions as pro-seminars 
in which there was a lively in-
terchange of ideas . We all par-
ticipated in the video-taping 
program of our sections, and 
Professor Saville made con-
structive suggestions on how we 
could improve our teaching 
techniques. Our relationship with 
Professor Saville was relaxed 
and informal, and there were no 
occasions in which he was 
arrogant or condescending. 

To charge such a person with 
being inimical to undergraduate 
education is absurd. On the 
contrary, Dr. Saville is one of 
UCSD's most dedicated and 
effective teachers . 

SINCERELY, 
MARY STROLL 

should like to remind Professor 
Saville that the notion that reality 
can be constructed in one's head 
and sustained by intense passions, 
without recourse to outside 
verification, does not perhaps 
make for the ideal teacher or 
scholar. 

The other interpretation is that 
Jonathan Saville is a liar; that the 
decision to eliminate sections has 
absolutely nothing to do with any 
pedagogical consideration and that 
it never did. Evidence and support 
for this interpretation comes from 
the Humanities Program itself 
which is currently in the process of 
considering various refonns in 
conjunction with the creation of the 
Revelle Writing Program, 
scheduled to begin operation in the 
Fall. 

One possibility now being con-
sidered is Ute complete elimination 
of all discussi!)n sections from 
Hwnanities courses. According tQ 
this proposal, all future 
Hwnanities courses woufd be 
conducted albn exactly the same 
lines as Professor Saville is con-
ducting Humanities 7. The reasons 
advanced In support of this 
proposed, drastic cutback in the 
educalional standards of th 

Hwnanities Program are entirely 
economic. Supposedly there is not 
enough money in next year's 
budget to staff both the Hwnanities 
courses and the Revelle Writing 
Program at the desired levels. The 
proposed elimination of sections 
from Humanities courses is con-
sistent with the tradi tional 
response made by the Hwnanities 
faculty to questions 0 economic 
austerity, a response which has 
always attempted to accommodate 

increa$~ economic cutbacks by 
making sacrifices in the quality of 
Wldergraduate education. 

Significantly, the leading 
proponent of this latest betrayal of 
student interest is none other than 
Professor Jonathan Saville. It 
would seem, therefore , that 
Professor Saville 's decision to 
teach Humanities 7 without 
discussion sections, as a " trial 
balloon" to the proposed cutbacks 
of next fall quarter, has been the 
result of a series of wholly extra-
pedagogical pressures. Professor 
Saville, in submitting to these 
pressures, has thus adopted a 
course of action which, in his o.wn 
words, cannot fail " to corrupt 
education and to exploit those 
whose benefit it aims at-namely 
the students being taught." As we 
indicated, neither of these in-
trepretations oEfers any hope or 
consolation. Whether this is a case 
of administrative conspiracy or 
neurotic eccentriCity, or both, we 
have all been confronted with a set 
of circumstances which must be 
exposed , protes ted, and con-
demned. We must make it clear to 
Jonathan Saville that neither 
mendacity nor madness can be 
tolerated as consistent with the 
demands of pedagogical respon-
sibility. 

Yet the undergraduates are net 
the only ones who stand to suffer as 
a result of the format Professor 
Saville bas adopted for Humanities 
7. The elimination of sections is 
additionally distressing in that it 
also represents a deterioration of 
the professional training of 
graduate students as future 
teachers and professors. Most 
departments at this University 
require their graduate students to 
hold teaching assistantship 
positions as pa rtial fulfillment of 
the requirements for obtaining an 
advanced degree. Since 
Hwnanities 7 will employ a single 
graduate student to fWlction only 
in a readership capacity, while at 
the same time retaining the title of 
Teaching Assistant, this individual 
will be fulfilling the requirement ir 
name only . Since classroo 
meetings will not be conducted, 
the conclusion of the course U 
individual will have neither 
training nor the experience .' 
would ordinarily have bE> ~ 
him, (and his student" ' · 
future. 

Let us not lose Sb> 
regrettable buCh 

.eir 
acknowledged hi~'e on 
pedagogical ineptit il 14 
campus and on camlJ....,O!~ cast 
the country, and let us at tbe v ry 
least ab. tain from implementing I 
programs that could only ' 
aggravate this situation. /' 
responsi Ie commitment to 
education is at odds with itself if it 

I 

\ becomes exclusive of future generat i( ns of students and 
teachers. 

Finally, we must strenuously 
protest the elimination of se tions 
in Hwnanities 7 on the grounds that 
it is clearly designed to eliminate 
future job positions for tt:acl1lng 
assistants. Although there would 
ordinarily be a complemenl of 
three half-time TA positions for a 
course the size of Humanities 7, 
with a project d enrollment of 120 

./ 

CoDtinued on Page II 



.... e4 -

Time Marches On 
Democratic politics a!"e becoming more complicated these days, 

despite the reduction in the number of active candidates. As the 
primaries continue, the party finds itsself still looking for an iden-
tity-something primary results have not been able to give us. 

Last week, after abnost non-existent showings in Wisconsin and New 
York, former Oklahoma Senator Fred Harris decided to end his active 
~ndidacy. Harris, who has been on the stump for more than a year, said 
the reason for his premature termination of campaigning was that the 
Federal Election Commission had stopped giving out money-a com-
modity that Harris's bargain basement campaign did not have. 
. However, the real reasons Harris ended his campaign were the 
universally poor results he garnered in primary and caucus states. 
Harris, who breathed a fiery brand of populism, never really caught fire 
in any section of the country. 

In the first few states Harris could count on winning anywhere from 
five to 15 percent of the vote (coming from a hard core of liberals and 
radicals) but as the campaign wore on, it became apparent Harris was 
out of his league. The Wisconsin and New York primaries showed that 
Harris could not compete with the ward heelers and labor bosses of the 
industrial states. 

However, his departure from the race does not make the campaign any 
simpler. One can surmise that many of Harris 's supporters will simply 
drop out of the political processes and the election will continue without 
them. 

The Knockout Blow 
What is left after Harris? 
The frontrunner remains Jimmy Carter, but his efforts still have not 

produced the knockout blow that will carry him to the New York City 
Convention merely to tie up loose ends. 

His expected weak showing in New York and the delegates he did not 
win there went to fuel the candidacies of Morris Udall and Henry Jackson 
and the non-candidacy of Hubert Humphrey. 

Morris Udall did quite well in New York, coming in a strong second and 
picking up over 60 delegates. However, in the state that he had counted on 
for his first victoy- Wisconsin- he was edged out by Carter. Wisconsin 
was probably the best chance Udall will have. " 

However, he has not fared so poorly that he has had to drop out of the 
race like so many other candidates. Udall can be expected to stay around 
for the convention, but it would be gracious to say that he will do any 
more than limp into Madison Square Garden. • 

Jackson promised us a big win in New York, and while he won (with 105 
of ISO delegates entered) last week, his victory must be a little disap-
pointing. Jackson spent a fortune in the Empire State, easily out spending 
the other candidates by at least two to one. New York is the one state 
where the Jewish vote is extremely important-comprising around 40 
percent of the Democratic vote- and labor unions are both large and 
well-financed. Jackson, though the winner, is not a candidate that is 
exciting many Democratic voters. Because the rest of the primaries 
feature states where the Jewish and labor vote is not that important, 
Jackson is going to be hard-pressed to maintain his current pace. 

Strong Favorite Sons 
- Since his disappointing North Carolina showing, Alabama Governor 

George Wallace has been removed from the national spotlight. While his 
candidacy may be as well as sunk, it would be foolish to discount his 
strength. 

On Saturday, Wallace said he would win the upcoming Michigan 
primary, scene of his biggest win in 1972. Though it may be nothing but 
bluster, Wallace will be sure to spend a great deal of time and money in 
the motor state- something he did not do in Wisconsin and New York. 

Wallace should also do well in some of the upcoming primaries in 
border states and his standing at Madison Squar Garden will probably 
be somewhat stronger than it is now. However, only the most optimistic 
Wallace supporter could think that Wallace will go to the convention with 
anv more d~legates than Udall or maybe Jackson. 

.To complicate the. problem for Democrats, primary states where there 
Will. be stro~g faVOrite sons are still upcoming. Illinois has already gone 
for Its faVOrite son (at least in delegate strength ) and the states of Texas 
(Sen. Lloyd Bentson ),. Ohio (Rep. Wayne Hayes), West Virginia (Sen. 
Robert Byrd), and California (Gov. Brown ) are states where candidates 
to fit the favorite son mold should do very well The Rocky Mountain 
states will probably give Sen. Frank Churck a larg~ block of delegates. 
llf>T.he Democrats are no closer to the decisive point in their quest for the 
~r~ute HO';1Se . How~ver, t.he weeding process has been' partially com-
I - l~~ed ,. With the lightweight candidates quietly removed from con-
~ratIon . 

Monday, Aprtl l%, 1978 

Annual UCSD Blood Drive To Be Held 
Tomorrow,April 19 and faculty and their families if the need arises. " 

She said the need for donated 
blood is rising because of the in-
crease of open heart surgeries a nd 
other advanced medical 
tectmiques. 

The annual UC San Diego blood 
drive will be held tomorrow and 
April 19 at several campus 
locations. 

According to fund chairperson 
Sharon Lieder, recent drives on 
campus have resulted in "a total of 
521 pints for use by students, staff 

UFO s Subject of Lecture Tonight Anyone between 18 and 65 in good health can donate blood at one of the following locations: 
-Tomorrow: 9 am to 2 pm, 

Scripps service yard; 11,am to 3 
pm, Blake Hall lounge, Revelle. 

-April 19: 8 am to noon, medical 

Flying saucers are real. 
This is the conclusion of nuclear 

physicist Stanton T. Friedman, the 
only space scientist in the world 
known to be devoting all his time to 
explQring the mysteries of 
unidentified flying objects. 
Friedman will tell how he came to 
his conclusion tonight at 8:30 in the 
Mandeville auditorium, in a slide-
and-talk show. 

Friedman, who has studied and 
investigated UFOs for more than 
17 years, is convinced that the 
evidence overwhelmingly points 
toward the fact that the earth is 
being visited by intelligently 

Rugby .. -
Brown and Sandy Timmons each 
scored in the second half to beat 
the Pasadena club 10-0, - Both 
women scored on similar plays, 
kicking th~ ball downfield, chasing 
it, and then pouncing on it in the 
end zone. 

The game was actually won in 
the scrum. With the scrummies 
Trudy Bhaitia, Colleen Kernahan' 
Cathy Morris, Louise Aguilar: 
Lynn Dorious , Kim Roberts, 
Jeannie Cunningham, Debbie 
Holstein and Wilford supplying the 
push, the 'Sirens consistently 

gained control of the ball. 
Rivera, racked up in Saturday's 

games, continued her performance 
at scrum half despite an injured 
knee and woozy head. Only after 
yesterday's win was assured did 
s!te leave the game . 

In awards voted by the team 
yesterday: Most Valuable For-
ward was Cunningham, Most 
Valuable Back was Cardeiro, Most 
Valuable Rookie was Timmons and 
the Most Valuable Player was 
Rivera. 

'-

Basketball. 
at the final buzzer -the score stood 
66~5 in the Triton's favor. 

Leading scorers in that game for 
the Tritons were Carrington with 
26 and Gebhardt with 18. 

lmp'C! ria l Valley College , seeded 
third. in the tournament, took fifth 
place by defeating fourth seeded 
Palomar College 55-43 . 

controlled vehicles from outer 
space. 

Friedman has worked in the 
nuclear' industry for 14 years. school, room B 248. ' 

, 

I • 

, 

Present this coupon with your meal at the 
unique Spice Rack "Garden" Restaurant in Pacific 
Beach and you'll get rolled . free . Take home hafl a 
dozen of the tastiest home-made rolls or mullins 
you've ever met. This oller is good on Mondays thru 
Thursdays ~ 
YOU'RE GONNA LIKE THE eJ~ 

A GAROEN RESTAURANT 

Mission Blvd. near Grand in Pacife Beach 
offer good only 5 pm·l 0 pm, expires May 31 st. 

be 
. 

w • 
TI,e UCSD Faculty Chamber Music Series in 

,t ooperation with the Cam pus Program Board presents 

IT 

THE 
CLEVELAND 

QUARTET-
Prokofiev : Quartet No . 1 in B minor, Op . 50 
Hayden : Quartet in F Major, Op. 3, No. 5 
Bee thoven : Quartet in B flat Major, Op . 130 

Wednesday, April 14, 8pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

Sl $150, G.A $5.00 at the door only 

Information: 452-4090 

~1I111I1I1I1I11I1I11I11I1II1I1I1I1t ... 1t1t1t,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,," ........ ItIt ............... . 

i Clfu: (U{! c::&m lJ:JiEfJo Ca.mpw. ~ 'I..09'1a.m !Boa'Ld p'tEunh 

• -~NNOUNCEMENTS 
aos m . 
smokin& 
The moveriieiJ If you have diff iculfy 
unty have pas~as down on paper 
'Ung lines in f ant to improve your 

J.Krishnamurt-
i A Specla' E. en' ng of FO"'gn Film. 
e AND NOW MY LOVE 

Ilnte ordinanc~e Writ il1g Cl inic can 
ect d a sugge ~"t ing ~I i n i c is not 
r;~ut they:> ~ . I ree se" I . Writing I : -.. -- , ~ offered on c dne-to-one 

bas is on course pope s, resumes, 
prop osals , sc holo rl t art icle s 
whatever the need. If " 8 cor. O~~i~' 
you in any way, pleasf come to HL 
1254 or ca ll 452-2522 to make on 
oppolntment. 

TA's for e thology classf's Bio 17 ond 
Blo 174 a re needed. nquir With 
Dr Don Hartli ne BH 2325 e xt. 2673 
or Jacque Jo N 5S BH 2130 e xt 
2007. ' 

COPIES 
3Y2· 110 
'''''''012 LOCATIOWS 

1101'11 IOIICII' . .... 1HJ 
11,,~'''.'''1'' 

Relig ious teacher, author, 
educator will give a series of 
talks and discussions In the 
Oak Grove, Meiners Oaks, 
OJAI , CA. at 11 a.m. 
Talks - Sat.-Sun., Apr. 3- 4 

Sat. -Sun., Apr. 10-11 
Sat.-~un ., Apr. 17-18 

Discussions -
Tues.-Thurs. 6- 8 
Tues.-Thurs. 13-15 

Seati ng on grass; cancelled in 
case of rain. 
For se rious listeners only. 
Please, no small children, no 
dogs ; no photograph ing or 
taping permitted . 
No entrance fee; Donations 
welcomed . 
Kr ishnamurti Foundation , 
Box 216, Ojai, CA. 93023 
Tel : (805) 646-5347 

(805) 646-2726 

i 
= I 
I 

1975 Academy Award nomination Best Foreign Film 
di rected by Claude Lelouch (A Man and a Woman) 

i"IIIIIIIIII.I.1111111II1 1.111111111111111_1111111111.111111111111111111.111111111111111.1111 .... 

I 
I 
i 

STOLEN KISSES 
dir cted by Francois Truffaut 

April 27 , Tuesday, 7:30pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
All ticke t $ 1 at UCSD 8 0x Office 

."111111111"1"'"1'"""1""1I11III1111111""11""1_"11111111111"11"11111"111_"11.11 .......... 



-
MISSING PAGES 

- April 12, 1976 -

-Vol. 28 

No.7 

Pages 
5-8 

UCLA Reprographic Service • 



o 

Monday, Apr" lZ, 1976 • rl •• N' .1 nil'S 
WOOlen's BB Gains OvertiIne 
Upset For Third Place in Finals 

by Evelyn Barata 
Stafl Writer 

The Grossmont College women's 
basketball team, league cham-

pio~ for the second year in a row, 
romped to a 55-38 win over the Mira 
Costa College Spartans to take first 
place in the San Diego Women's 
Intercollegiate Athletic Con-
ference (SDWIAC) tournament 
held last week ~ UC San Diego. 

Continual movement and quick 
passes gave Grossmont the inside 
shots against the Mira Costa man-
on-man defense. 

A back and forth battle gave 
Grossmont the 20-19 edge at half 
time. In second half action 
Grossmont employed a full court 
zone press which had proven quite 
effective during previous tour-
nament play, and began to widen 
the point margin. 

The depth of the Grossmont team 
was a key factor throughout the 
tournament. 

Mira Costa, seeded third in the 
tournament, advanced to the finals 
with a pre:tournament win over 
Imperial Valley College and a 58-55 
upset tournament victory over 
second seeded Southwestern 
College. 

Grossmont reached the finals 
competition with a pre-tournament 
win over Mesa College and a 
decisive 80-40 victory over fourth 
seeded UCSD. 

The Tritons went on to capture 
third place in the tournament with 
a 66-65 overtime upset over South-
western, a team which bad con-
vincingly defeated the San Diegans 
twice during season play. 

The Tritons, starting off slowly 
and trailing during most of the 
game, caught up mid-way through 
the second half with the score 47-47. 

As the Tritons began to hit their 
outside shots, they ::1lso began to 
slow down Southwestern 's fast 
break which had been a key to their 
first half success. 

Southwestern held a 59-54 lead 
with two minutes left in the game. 
UCSD's Allison Chin bucketed two 
points and Anne Carrington con-
verted two foul shots to make the 
score 59-59 at the buzzer. 

Carol Gebhardt opened the 
scoring in the five minute overtime 
with an outside jump shot. South-
western then made four foul shots 
in a row to give them the 63-61 
edge. Kim Boatner bucketed two 
for UCSD to tie the game 63-63. 
Carrington followed with an inside 
basket assisted by Gebhardt. 
Southwestern 's high score r , 
Yvonne " Willie" Wilson, converted 
two from the foul line to tie it up at 
65-65. 

But with 56 seconds on the clock, 
Carrington converted one of two 
foul shots to give UCSD the 66-65 
lead. Southwestern had its last 
chance with 39 seconds left and a 
one and one foul shot s ituation. But 

Continued from Page 4 

State, USD Drop N etters Twice 
The UC San Diego women's 

tennis team dropped two l'ack-t()-
back matches to the University of 
San Diego and San Diego State 
University Thursday and Fridav. 

Though the overall match scores 
were similar, 1-7 against USD and ' 
2-7 against State, the caliber of 
play on the two days cannot be 
compared. 

In competition against USD the 
Tritons had a hard time putting 
their games together. 

UC's lone win of the day came 
from Terri ·Duquette, playing the 
number six position. Duquette 
combined slices and short angled 
shots to down her opponent 6-1, 6-4. 

Against State, the Tritons were 
able to find the spunk that they had 
lacked the day before and 
presented the Aztecs with a very 
tough tennis team. 

Stacy Lamphier, UCSD's 
number t hree singles player posted 

)the Tritons only singles win 6-2, 6-4. 
Dia nna Cobb and Jannette 

Sue Brennan is the newest 
addition to the Triton 
women's tennis team . She 
was impressive, playing 
second singles, in her debut 
last week. (TT Photo: Bill 
Brooks) 

Taylor, teamed up in the number 
two ,doubles spot, dominated the 

net to win their match 6~, 2-6 , 7-5. 
Susan Brennan, new to the team 

this quarter and playing her first 
match, staged an excellent 
showing in her number two 
position. 

Determination and hustle kept 
Brennan in the match. After losing 
the first set 6~ and trailing 2-5 in 
the second, Brennan scrambled 
back to tie things up at 5-5 but then 
dropped the set 5-7. 

Commenting on Brennan's 
addition to the team, UCSD coach 
Chris Mattson noted, "She is a 
good team member as well as a 
good player." 

In a very close contest, 
dominated by long baseline rallies, 
Kim Hom, number one for the 
UCSD team, dropped her match 6-
3,1-6,5-7. 

Coach Mattson noted that Hom 
showed greater composure than 
she has in other matches, which 
helped her considerably. 

CIVIL ENGINEER (E. E., M.E., AR H.) $10,000+ to start 
BU !NESS MAJORS FOR SUPPLY RP $lO,OOO+to tart 

AVIATION (PlLOTS-ALL MAJORS) 11,000+ to start 
ENGINEER I MATH/ PHY'I 1810 FOf{ 

NU LEAR POWER 10,(X)(J+to tart 
Must be willing to accept 1 year Navy financed qrad school in nuclear physi 

Could be earning $1 ,000 in 4 y ars. 

Sports 
Notebook 

Dave Eisen 

Well, They're Back 
Acc~rd ing to Steve Bisheff in the 

Tribune, "Baseball , a game some 
people are beginning to think was 
played with nine lawyers on a 
side .. .is finally back with us." 

It certainly is . However , it's here 
for some of us more than others. 
For Padre fans, baseball has never 
really been in San Diego. 

They tell me 1976 is THE year 
though. I wandered out to the 
Stadium opening night, which was 
Friday night, just to find out for 
sure. 

I noticed that the Padres have 
acquired Willie Davis, a man that 
once cost the Dodgers a World 
Series with his metallic glove. The 
first time he came to bat, a gen-
tleman down the row sang, loudly, 
" He's washed up , he's washed 
up ... " to the tune of "Take Me Out 
to the Ball Game, " 

Old number-eleven-Enzo Her-

Page 9 

nandez is back at shortstop, though Buzzie , left, w ith f r iend in 
for no obvious reasons. UCSD b aseball stands . 

Showing they can forgive and forget, the spectators 
gave him a rousing cheer during his first at bat, then one error and two 
innings later he was soundly booed. 

Perhaps as an indication of what is to come, San Diego scored their fi rst 
run with a bang, when Johnny Grubb was put into scoring position by an 
error, and scored on a hit batsman. . 

The Padres do, in Grubb, by the way, have possibly the best hitter in 
baseball. In the opening night win, he stroked four hits. 

Padre head Buzzie Bavasi was at UC San Diego a month ago, sitting in 
the Triton baseball stands, watching Randy Jones pitch. J ones you see, 
was throwing for USIU, which was walloping San Diego in a practice 
game. Buzzie must have liked what he saw of the pitcher and let Jones 
start on the mound Friday. ' 

He pitched well, losing a n()-hitter in the sixth. When he lost his shutout 
. in the seventh, fans began stomping for a relief pitcher. Certainly this 

short-sightedness isn't peculiar to San Diego, in fact it might have drifted 
down from Los Angeles with the smog. 

Somehow, late in the game, a guy put the whole contest in its natural 
perspective. He was a farmer, clad in dirty blue overalls, sitting behind 
me. Noting an 0-2 count on Padres' Mike Ivie, he said, " Yeah. '01 Ivie's 
just about to chew his cud." 

Prediction-wise, San Diego will finish third , behind Los Angeles and 
Cincinatti. In that order ... 

UCSD psychiatry professor Arnold Mandell will spill the beans about 
his book, "The Nightmare Season," at a press conference April 'Xl , and 
the Triton Times will have the full story the next day. 

The book, which will be published April 28, has been the subject of much 
controversy in recent months, and on four occasions, the Triton Times 
has attempted to contact Mandell. The result each time has been " no 
comment. " 

His press agents say that now "he is prepared to make his first pu 
statement.. .and respond to any and all questions from the press." ... 

The San Diego Collegiate Over-The-Line Classic has been schedule 
April 24 and 25 at Mariner's Point in Mission Beach. 

The Classic is open only to undergraduates at the ten San r 
colleges and costs $6 per three-man team to enter. It will be playe 
elimination, with trophies to the top five teams in the men's div 
three in the women's division. 

The event is sponsored by the UCSD and San Diego Stc> 
departments, and sanctioned by the Old Mission Beach 
Further information and entry fonns can be gotten by cal II 
at 452-0437... 1~1 on h ,e 

1"1 14, ir 

r------M;EUmf£-amnm;---~ 
I I FOR UCSO ONLY (s tudents , faculty , staff , nd theH immediate f mlhes) I 
I I 
I. $435 June 19 LAX/PARIS I 
I Sept. 2 PARIS/LAX 76 days I 
I I 
I CIEE I 
I Student • I T I BILL KELL ER MAR OA I 
I rave U 0 INTERNA TlONAL CENTER I Services OP NW KOAVSI 2 4f(lpm I I '---' ~.I • ...)0 
\._-----------------



;PIle It 

29tilnes 
a day. 

.. _--_ .... --' 

, 
,. 

Third College Social Activities Committ~ does it 
AGAINl 

The Third College 
f--T----Sprlng Boat Dance.--~ 

"featuring San Diego's #1 Rock and Soul Band-'The 
Stephens Bros ." 
"3 fantastic hours around the San Diego Bay only $2 .00 
"This Saturday nite- Aprll 19' 
limited to 250 Third CoI~le students, faculty, Ind staff 

Boarding at tile H.rbor Elcursiens Broadway St. Pier at 
8:30 pm 

Tickets anilable at tlle College Deans Office, MC 412 
-or-

Third College Resident Deans office 
Refreshments OIl board 

"Come aboard mates and party on the Marietta -
siJ{n uv NOW" 

Mo"'y, April U, 1171 

Saville Defense._ 
quality of undergraduate 
education is a myth. 

Finally, I would like to point out 
the absurd and harsh personal 
attacks directed toward 
Professor Saville which were 
totally uncalled for. There is a 
cartoon at the bottom of the letter 
showing a student thinking to 
himself; "Saville's action is 
nothing more than an attempt to 
beat graduate students back into 
docility and to increase the 
isolation of undergraduates from 
one another," This makes one 
wonder if these people are really 
graduate students. They refuse to 
look at the rational side of 
Professor Saville's decision and 
instead revert to calling him a 
"liar" or a " sadly deluded in-
dividual. " 

Continued on Page 12 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssiFiEd Ads A Short History .. 0 under Puritan rule, though, was so bad, so devoid of human necessity, 
that two years after Cromwell's death, the people of England begged for a 
king. 

$10 housing rewlrd 2·or l-bdrm place for 1-
yr., beg . mid june . $10 for info leading to 

They got Charles II, son of I and heir to the throne, by right of superior 
ability to live_ 

63 Chevy Impala va 283 4 Dr Exce Engine & place we renl. Call Dick Duncan 270-3790 
Body. $400 or best offer . 452-1016 eve " before 7:30 am orafler5 :30 pm . (4112) 

Auto work : tune up brakes, minor repair, lube 
and oil , good work, low pnce Mike 436-3667. 
14/ 12) Charles II, also known as the " Merrie Monarch," restored the Anglican 

church in England. Another of his first moves in England was to "deny 
freedom of worship to dissenters," X2796day . Ask Ravi. (4114) 

1974 Kawasaki 400 Mach 11 . Beautifully 
.oI"' ~I"'","" 5500. Paul , 755-4072 eves . (4/ 14) 

Baver cim super 8 movie camera man . & aut. 
tele/ wide + accessories $90. Tripod $15 . 
Call af. 3:30 pm 264-1274 . ( 4/ 16) 

65 Karmann Ghia rblt eng . new brakes , elec. 
sys . Xlnt. cond o looks good Int. & e.t. $1500 
755-8311 Michael (4/12) 

Refrigerator 1.8 cu ft. e.cellent condition. 
Call Donna 452-9490. (4/12) 

For sale : One twin bed w ith box springs fairly 
goodcondt . 48t -012O . (4112) 

l~gallon all glass aquarium Including top, 
light, filter, .irpump, thermostat , and gravel -
all for $15.00. Call Deb or Flick after 5 pm 452-
9519. (4112) 
5 cubic ft . refrigerator ideal for dorms.' Great 
conr1ition . Call Don after 5, 755-1885 $70 or 

. besl offer. (4112) 
Near new 2~door frost-free refrigerator , 
brown-tone 13-14 cw ft . $150 or best offer. 
Call Mike 279-5720 (4/12) 

LOST & fOUNd 
LOST ' Peach , blue, and green scarf , 
somewhere between Revelle Plaza and 
Co ffee Hut. Sentimental Value . 

Lost-girls dk blue 10 speed Takara. $25 
reward no questions asked call 222-5973 or 
B04 Serra Hall (4/12) 

Please return red wallet or at least contents 
to police ollice. I need II very much . Tracye 
278.0360. (4 /12) 

Found . One (1) red "Jap-s lap" sandal in 
Revelle woods below Coffee Hut. (4 / 12) 

Found 4 /9 checkbook and savings account 
book near Urey Hall contact IT office. (4/12) 

Lost 3-8 glasses In case with Dr. Jack Lebby 
on case. II found please call 755·0793. (4/12) 

Lost-pants judo GJ Reve lle Plaza 4-1-76. 
Reward Joe 453-8380. (4 /12) 

4/ 7 blue blouse wllurquolse pin 
lockerroom. Please relurn . Karen 

(4112) 

near Humanit ies Lib. 

Roommate wanted at house if University 
Ci ty . Own room 85 plus ull llilel. tall 453-
9349after6'00 (4116) 

RESEARCH 
FREE CATALOG! 

W rite or call for your copy of our 
latest catalog of over 5000 re-
search studies These studies are 
deSigned to HELP YOU IN THE 
,.REPARA TlON of 

o Research Papers 
o Essays 0 Case Studres 
o Speeches • BOOk ReVIews 
WE ALSO 00 CUSTOM WRITING 

MINUTE RESEARCH 
1360 N SaMburg • t602 
Chicago IllinO'$ 60610 

312-337- 2TO~ 

$265/month-2 bedroom condominium 
University City. Carpel , drapes, stove, 
refrigerator , pool , patio, garage, available 
mid-April. 452-1777 or 281-3764 . (4/t2) 

Quiet fem. roomate wanted . own rocm In La 
Jolla Mesa Estates townhouse. Jacuzzi , 
pool , lennis . $125/month + utilities . Only 5 
min to UCSD, Call Judy 453-7945. (4114) 

F housemate wanled own room S115/mo 2 
bedroom house w /yard La Jolla quiet. Call 
eves 272-3433. (4/14) 

Femate wa~led own furnished room 
S73.33/mo. Incl udes ulilities , 12 min. from 
UCSD call after 9 pm 27~0425 . (41 I 4) 

TRAVEL 
Oon't Delay Bock by Phone New Flights to 
Europe (379+) Soulh America (315+) l he 
Onent (499 +) New York (189) Hawai i (189) 
Long 0/ w flights still available Immediate 
phone confirmat ions call collect WestCoast 
Student Travel Counsel AVCO Center 10850 
Wlishore LA 90024 213475-6865 . (6/4) 

Eu rope-Israel -Sou lh America-Student fI'ghts 
year round ISCA 11667 San Vicente Blvd ~4 
LA CA 90049 (213) 826-5669 (6/ 4) 

EUROPE & TAHITt CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY . CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES . UCSD IN-
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
'2-4pm . 452-0630. (6/3) 
Overseas Jobs· ASia Australia, Alrlca , 
Europe, Sou th Amenca. All occupations , 
$600-$2500. Invaluable e'penecces. Details 
25 cenlS . Inl e-~a ll onat Employment 
Research , Box 389347. Seattle , Wash 98125 . 
(4 /1 9) 
Going to Braz il end of May along west coast 
who want to join call 453-3629 . (4112) 

o 

SERVICES 
TypiSt. IBM term paper, thesis, dissertat,on, 
elc . edit ing , rush lobs, xerox 560-8171 , 45~­
t 588. 16/3) 

Professional typ ist thesis , term papers, etc. 
Reasonable rates . Call Thelma 276-5525 (h) 
299-1403 (w) (4112) 

Revelle side door presents Liz Rossi Belly 
Dancing Thurs. nite 4-15 al 9 pm be there 
every Thur . nile (4114) 

WANTEd 
A lourtn year male medical student In-
lerested in sports would like to correspond 
wilh simi lar studenls. Wrile to , Ajay KOlhari. 
817 Arya Nagar, Kaopur-208002. India. (4/12) 

Are you concerned about your future? 
Support Prop 15 and sate nuclear power to 
get In!lOlved Jo in us, Project Surv ival on Mon . 
Apr. 12 at 8 pm In Ihe Revelle Formal LounQe. 
Come and see what you can do. (4112) 

Wanted-experienced typist 10 edi t and type 
lhesls Please call Karl , 755-8300, daytime . 
( 411 2) 

Desperatel y need good widef\ngle lens lor my 
Penlax See Nathan in IT office. (4/ 14) 
Lll p. drawing limit ' 6 serious students . 
$313 hr session. Sat. Have a good model . 
need another. 436-0709. (4 / t4 ) 

Car seat for 1 year old child-please call 452-
9852. (4 /12) 

Blind St"dellt needs ride from UCSD to San 
Diego Stal e Monday at 3 pm and to SDSU 
rehabllila tion cen ter on Rull in Road Wed-
neSdays at 3: 30 pm during thi s quarter call 
Gene 583-9793 eves II you can help . ( 4 / 16) 

Need help wilh the research process . 
Experience prelerred. Paymenl IS negoliable. 
264-127 4 (4116) 

Recent Duke University Graduate needs work 
until July as bibl iographic researcher . fortran 
programme" etc . S3.oo/ hr. Call Bill Worrell 
452-8563. (411 2) 

PERSONALs 
For the l ime of your lIIe-:-853-1212 

Whatever else is said about Charles II, the man had a flair for words. 
Thus ends the history of very early America. The date is now 1660 

(that's right-your calendar is off) . In next week's article, we wiD focus 
on the illuminating sketches of interesting events in America and 
elsewhere from 1660 to the period leading up to the Revolution, IT, that is, 
we can find anything interesting to focus on. 

If not, we'll make some up, 

GSU Letter ... 
students, Humanities 7 will employ 
only one half-time "TA-Reader," 
This effectively eliminates two 
half-time job positions. For-

tunately this quarter it was still 
possible to " make up" these two 
eliminated positions in other 

Continued on Page 12 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Nominotion forms are now 
available in Ihe dean's office for 
students interested in becoming 
members of the Third College 
Council. The council is a 
mechanism of communication 
between the Provost , student body , 
faculty and stoff of Third College , 
The role of the student members of 
the cou ncil in this inferrelationship 
is to oct as a liaison between the 
student populoce of the college 
and fhe odministration. There are 
six positions to be filled. The 
deadline for filing on application is 
Friday, April 16. 

The Muir- Dartmouth Exchange 
progrom hos recently been ex-
panded to include fall quarter. A ny 
interested students should contact 
the Mu ir Provost Office for further 
information. The deodline for filing 
for fall quarter is Friday, Apr il 30. 

Attenlion Revelle Students: Apply 
now for College Intern and RCCA 
pOSitions . Applicotions deadline is 
Friday April 16. Information can be 

obtained at the Commun ity Center. 
If you have energy, ideas and wont 
10 hove an impact on and improve 
Revelle, apply. 

Are you interested in doing 
volunteer work? The Student 
Volunteer Program has listings with 
complete descri ptions of volunteer 
placement possibilities throughout 
the San D iego area , Student 
volunteers ore needed i n such 
areas os tt,ltoring, recreation , 
counse ling and health- related 
fields. Usually the only 
requirement is a sincere interest 
and a desire to help others , For 
more informalion, come ond see us 
at the Studenf Center North, 
Student Organizations Office or call 
ext. 4617. 

Attention Third College students, 
faculty and sto ff : Sign up now for 
the second Th ird College Spring 
Boot Donce to be held Saturday, 
April 17. Tickets are available ot 
the Third College Deon's Office or 
Resident Dean' s Office. 

.... _~_ UCSD THEATRE PRESENTS 

Bemord Show's 
THE DEVll'S DISCIPLE 
A melodrama di'rected by Eric Christmas 
8:00 pm, April 23: 24 25. 027. 28, 29. 30 and May 1.2. 
2:00 pm, Saturday , May 1 (. sol out) 

A(;;;;;.....II ~~~ Stu en! A mission SlSCJ 
General AdmiSSion S3UU 

UCSD lheatre Ticket Office (203 MC) 
Monday - Friday N n to 4.00 pm 

" 

, I 

I .. 

I • 

Monday,Aprtl12,If11 • rl •• M •• 1 n1('S Page 11 
Golden Earring Gives Dutch Treat ~n Civic Theater Concert 

by Tim MacKenzie 
Cr!tlcism Editor 

It would be an injustice to rate 
Golden Earring's Civic Theater 
performance as anything less than 
excellent. The Dutch band 
produced a consistently superior 
stage show to showcase their 
sophisticated brand of rock and 
roll. 

prominence in the US, though, 
with the release of the Moontan LP 
and the single "Radar Love." Says 
bassist Rinus Gerritsen, "We built 
our reputation by playing live 
throughout Europe and we'll do the 
same thing in America. It takes 
longer, but you last long and it's 
the best way." 

Among the best of the material 
performed by Earring was "Sleep 
Walkin" and "Latin Lightnin" 
from the To The Hilt LP. Both 
numbers possess an infectious 
quality, making them ideal for live 
performance. 

Earring delighted many in the 
audience with several of their older 
hits. Among these were "Candy's 
Going Bad" and "Vanilla Queen." Golden Earring has long been 

one of Europe's most popular 
bands. They first came to 

The Civic Theater concert in-
cluded compositions from all three 
of Earring's U.S. releases , 
Moontan, Switch and To The HUt. 

Of course, no Golden Earring 
performance would be complete 

Visual Arts Faculty Show Brings Unexpected 
to Mandeville Art Gallery 

by Loring Spitler 
The first part of a two month exhibit of art works 

produced by the UC San Diego Visual Arts faculty has 
opened in the Mandeville Art Gallery. The show is 
open 12-5 pm, Sunday through Friday, until April 23, 
at which time it will close for two weeks while the 
second portion of the show (opening May 4) is in-
stalled. 

One of the more significant events during my art 
education was the presentation of a faculty show. The 
magnitude of this experience derived from my at-
tempts to reconcile the static concepts of where I 
thought my teachers were "at" (the result of years of 
classroom lecturing, work, criticism, and 
theorizing), with what I thought my eyes were seeing. 
The situation produced many positive and negative 
effects that I would recommend to all art students. 

However, if you are not an "art student," but 
rather a "student of the arts," I suggest that you 
approach this exhibit as if it were representative of 
the works of some of the more significant practicing 
artists living in this area (because that is what it is) . 

Before I discuss the pieces, I want to note the 
catalogue that is offered with this show, It is a pOrt-
folio of eight by ten cards which display statements 
from each of the contributing artists. Since it is a 
visually and intellectually stimulating piece, the 
work well deserves a display right along with the rest 
of the art in the show. The minimal charge for the 
document can only defray the cost of the materials. 

Jehanne Teilhet (an art historian) is exhibiting an 
excellent slide show of Nepalese body tattooing. The 
show also displays the people, folk art, lands and 
architecture of Nepal with a fantastic array of colors, 
lighting, and design. 

Patricia Patterson's didactic series of paintings 
reveals control of the medium, but the two groups are 
more effective in iUustrating the definitive process of 
aesthetic evolution that takes the artist through 
modifications in color, fonn, design, and scale that 
produce the final piece, 

Ree Morton's " Devil Chaser" is an animated 
display of a minimally sculptured concept, which on 
its own seems somehow madequate. Yet, at the 
opening of the exhibit, when the crowds were milling 
around it, it took on a different weight. As it disap-
peared and re-appeared among the visitors, it 
became like a spectre seeking out the devils among 
them. 

Morton's "For Kate" also conveyed a similar 
feeling_ Like the wallflowers it portrays, it is out-
wardly boring, but inwardly intriguing_ 

Helen and Newton Harrison are 'proposal' people : 
the majority of their time is spent in researching, 
writing, and drafting plans for projects_ They have 
presented a huge display of aerial photos, maps, and 
texts-plans to turn the Salton Sea into a viable en-
vironment by cutting channels to the Pacific Ocean 
and the GuH of California. However, these giant 
pieces differ artistically since they have been hand 
tinted in a manner that is unexpectedly 'painterly' for 
the Harrisons. The result is that the natural intrigue 
associated with cartographiC material seems to be 
subtly amplified in a way that emphasizes the sub-
jective appeal. 

From the moment that you enter the gallery, you 
will not be able to escape the video presentation by 
Eleanor Antin_ It shows a collection of cardboard cut-
out paper.ooll characters plus the artist (who 
provides the movements and the voices) in several 
stories played out on the color television. The total 
effect might be analogous to a rather insipid soap 
opera sub-plot, but don't let that discourage you; take In addition to the exhibited works, poet David Antin 
a look at some of the cut-outs on display-you might will give a performance at 7 :30 pm on April 14 in the 
recognize one_ MandeviUe Art Gallery. 

,-------------------------------~ 
I I 
!ADMlNISTRA11VE INTERNSlllPS: 
• I 
: AV~LE J 
I I 
I I 
I I I Whats an intern? Students stipended ( approximately $ 1500 yr .) to I 
I work in various administrative offices on campus directly with ao - I 
I ministrators, act ·as student'11dministrator liasons, provide student I 
I viewpoint within the office as well as work on projects valuable to the I office and the campus community , I 
I. Internships will be offered in the following offices for the 1976-77 I 
I academic year. I 

• I I Vice Chancellor Academic Affairs Housing & food services I 
I Academic Senate Planning office I 
I Vice Chancellor Administration Student affairs~tudent om - I 
• Business office budsman I 
I Chancellor's office Vice Chancellor student affairs I 
• Computer center and an intern coordinator I 
I Facilities Management I 
I I 
• I I I 
I Come to an information session : Pick up referrals at Student Employment ; 
I Friday, April 16 or office by Friday, April 23. Call Ron , I 
• Friday, April 23 at -x4023 for further information. I 10 am , North Conference Room StUdent .-JI L enter. 

----------------------------

without the classic finale "Radar 
Love," The ba. d perfonned a 
version much lengthier than the 
album cut, a powerful ex-
travaganza that Earring milked 
for all its worth. Standout solo 
spots by guitarist George 
Kooymans and drummer Cesar 
Zuiderwyk were performed. 

As musicians, each 'member of 
Earring is without peer, Guitarist 
George Kooymans was con-
sistently in the spotlight, and 
deservedly so, His guitar work was 
unexpectedly brilliant, possessing 
a refined quality superior to the 
brooding guitar riffs of many 
popular guitarists. 

Zuiderwyk on drums ) were also 
able to demonstrate their in-
dividual abilities, Gerritsen's 
climactic bass solo was par-
ticularly noteworthy. 

The visual quality of the per-
formance was imptoved by the use 
of a large bank of mirrors, swung 
into position early in the set. 

The opening act on the Civic 
Theater bill was Be Bop Deluxe, a 
new British band featuring the 
very talented Bill Nelson, Their 
performance was fast paced and 
tight, featuring material off of 
their Sunburst Finish LP. 

Be Bop Deluxe's music features 
Bill Nelson on guita r and vocals 

!IJ!!I!:::; 

Golden Earring lead guitarist Geroge Kooymans (TT photo : 
B ill Brooks) 

Vocalist Barry Hay -was in 
constant motion and must be 
credited for giving Earring much 
of its visual appeal. In addition to 
his fine vocals, he added some 
surprisingly good work on flute and 
sax. 

"I happen to love all aspects of 
the theater," Hay explains, " and 1 
hate for bands just to stand there 
and perform. A person wouldn't 
have to come to a concert in that 
case - he could just sit home and 
listen to records." 

The other band members (Rinus 
Gerritsen on bass, Robert Jan 
Stips on keyboards, Cesar 

ATTENTION 
SENIORS 

and Charlie Turnahai on bass. 
They are supported by Simon Fox 
on drums and Simon Clarke on 
keyboards. 

On a sad note, Slade showed up 
and attempted to ruin the concert 
for everyone. Rumors have been 
circulating that Slade is the worst 
rock and roll band in the world. 
They confirmed that rumor in a 
convincing manner. The highlight 
of their set came when their amps 
blew out, forcing them to leave the 
stage prematurely. The only 
remaining question is how Slade 
was ever a visa. 

ORDER YOUR UCSD CLA RING THI WEEK 
AND GET DELIVERY BEFORE GRADUATION! 

Juniors may also order the UC 0 Cia Ring. 

Both Juniors and eniors can save 5 off 10K Gold 
0r$100ffLadie 14K, and $15 off Men 14K _ 

Your olon Company Repre cntative will be on 
campus Wedne day , Thursday, & Friday, pril 14, 
1 ,and 16, 1976 to a sis t you wi(h your Clas Ring 
Orders. 

UnlVCRSITY 
Univershy Book lor 

10:00 am-3:00 pm 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS 



Pqel! 

it Career opportunities for Civic-minded College graduates-
SD ••. become fJ DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST 

Through an intensive, graduate level, course of 
study offered by the University of San Diego in 
cooperation with The National Center for Develop' 
ment Training. 
Specialize in the 1 or 2 areas of development that 
interest you most: 

Community Service Campaigns 
Hospitals and Health Care Financing 
Educational Development 
Political Fund Raising 
Ethnic and Religious Support Programs 
Gift Development for Cultural Organizations 

Summer Session-June 7, 1976 · Aug. 20, 1976 
Fall Session-Sept. 27, 1976 · Dec. 17, 1976 
To discuss details of the program and your career 
opportunities in this growing new field, arrange to 
attend a group presentation and schedule a per· 
sonal interview through our office .. 

A representative will be on campus April 27)... 
contact Placement Office, ~52-375u . 
For Free Brochure , cont,d 

DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST PROGRAM 
UNrvERSITY OF SAN DIEGO 
ALCALA PARK 
SAN DIEGO, CA 92110 
(714) 291 ·6480 Ext. 247 

lsadora's class.c style T-shirt is made from pre-shrunk 
cotton and poly€ster blend so it fits just right. Form-
fitting sleeves aeJd to the lean tailored look you 're 
after. Avocado g ~een emblazoned on white. 

INSlDlMIY 
CAUFORNIA AVOCADO 

THERE'S A FREE TREE. 
AND SOMEONE TO 

TAIK,TO.: 

• rl •• II •• 1 nil'S Monday, April 12, 117. 
GSU Open Letter .. ' Saville Defense ... 
Humanities courses, all of which 
still hold sections and employ. 

However, if Jonathan Saville has 
his way, this type of compensation 
will no longer be possible in the 
future, since all Humanities sec-
tions will have become a thing of 
the past. There would seem to be 
little possible doubt that 
Humanities 7 is intended to be the 
vanguard of a movement to 
eliminate the teaching assistant 
position altogether. But even ifthis 
hadn't been the explicit intention, 
we must understand that 
Humanities 7 Hill inevitably be 
construed as a model for future 
TA-Iess teaching by other mem-
bers of the faculty and the ad-
ministration. This ugly likelihood 
portends the end of university 
instruction as we know it at UCSD 
and represents at once an extreme 
compromise of the quality of both 
graduate and undergraduate 
education as well as a very real 
and serious threat to the material 
security of both current and future 
graduate students and their 
families . 

prentice teachers," we are not 
qualified to make judgements on 
matters of educational policy 
'because we lack the appropriate 

Having had Professor Saville 
as an instructor and knowing him 
personally, I know that these 
attacks are absurd. He is the one 
instructor at UCSD who is open to 
all his students and encourages 
them to have personal 
discussions with him in his office. 
It is also totally absurd of the 
GSU to ask for Saville's 
resignation, It's as if they were 
expecting him to read their a" 

I surd letter and agree to ter-
; minate his professorship. How 
I can they ask so much of one in-
dividual, like his resignation 
from the Univeristy, when they 
have no rational or intelligent 
reason to justify it? 

'''academic degrees' and 
"scholarly accomplishments." 

, And yet, here we see before us an 
individual, supposedly qualified by 
a mountain of academic 
paraphernalia, whose 
"pedagogical" reforms have 
become a chilling menace to the 
f"ture of our education, to our 
material security, to the very 
quality of our lives. The name of 
Jonathan Saville has become a 
sinister blot upon our pride and 
upon our institution. 

The time for polit£' inquiry and 
explanation has passed. Our 
criticisms have already been made 
known to Professor Saville and he 
has unilaterally rejected them. We 
have been told that as students, as 
" pre-professionals" and " ap-

We are therefore left with no 
alternative but to demand his 
immediate resignation as 
Professor of literature at UCSD. 
We call upon the entire University 
community to respond to this crisis 
with the concern, the fear, and the 
anger that is essential if we are to 
reaffirm our merit and our dignity 
as students, as workers, as "pre-
professionals" and "apprentice 
teachers," as men and women. We 
cannot wait for someone to give us 
back our education and our jobs. 
Today we must stand up to reclaim 
them. Today we must take back 
our future so that tomorrow it 
cannot be taken from us forever. 

The letter written by the GSU 
only supports the fact that their 
struggle consists of improving 
their own welfare . It's funny that 
with so many aspects of 
education that could be improved 
on this campus, something they 
claim to be an ultimate concern 
of theirs, they direct this concern 
only towards the matter of 
sections. I think that their em-
ployment demands are justified 
to the extent that their teaching 
services are needed. But it makes 
me sick when they mask their 
demands behind false concerns 
for undergraduate education, 
especially when it involves the 
degradation of a fine individual 
like Jonathan Saville. THE GRADUATE 

STUDENT UNION DAVID ROSSEN 

'NEWLY DEVELOPED "SUPER" SPEED READIIG 
COURSE TO 'BE TAUGHT TH_.OUT 

SAl DIEGO AREA 
SAN DIEGO Ispec.] THE GOLDEN STATE READING LAB of Beverly Hills will off til' the newest end mostlnnovltlve course In · Speed 
Reading" to a limited number of qUlllifled people throughout the SIn Diego ArN. This recently developed method 0' Instruction II the 
most ef'ectlve end productive course ever produced and yet II costs less than 1/2 the tuition 01 Ilmllar courses. 

Not only does thi s course reduce your time In CIaSI to Just on. class per w .. k 'or only 4 short WHIII, but "10 Includes. super Idvenced 
speed reading p rogrem on cassette tlpes so I pet'son can continue to Improve their skill 'or the relt 0' their lIIell1d our graduates n..,tII' 
"s low back down." 

In just 4 short weeks a person should be relding 4·5 times 'ISter and in a '.w months m.ny will be reeding 21)·30 times 'aster It speeds 
that 3pproach 6,000 words per minute. In rare instlnces speeds 0' 13,000 WOrdl per minute heve been documented. Our Ivereg. 
graduate will complete the course 8·10 times 'uter end with mlrlted Improvements In comprehension Ind concentration. For those who 
would like more information a series 0' FREE one hour e.plln.tory lectures have been scheduled. Theseln'ormltlve meetings Ire open 
to the public and our course will be e.plalnad In complete detlillncludlng tuition , cll .. room proc.dures, and teaching methodl. You 
need to Ittend Just one 0' the 'ollowlng meetings lor complete details at ,10 cost orobllgltlon . Be lure to attend whlc:hevtll' meeting that 
best fits your schedule. 

FREE ORIENTATION LECTURES THROUGHOUT THE SAN DIEGO 
AREA WILL BE AT THE FOLLOWING TIMES & PLACES: 

San Diego Meetings 
Thursday , April 15, Friday, April 16. Two 

.. meetings each night at 6:30 p .m. and 
again at 8:30 p .m . These meetings will be 
held in the Casa del Prado Bldg. at the 
end of EI Prado In the Curtural 
Recreation Center of Balboa Parle 

Saturday April 17, two meetings at 10:30 
am and again at 1:30 pm In the ' Sllver 
Room" of the Civic Convention Center 
202 'C' SI. 

Saturday April 17. Two meetings at 10:30 
am and at 1 :30 pm in the " Harbor Room" 
of Shelter Island Inn, 2505 Shelter lsI. Dr. 

Monday April 19. Tuesday April 20. Two 
meetings at 6:30 and 8:30 in the Casa del 
Prado Bldg . at the end of EI Prado In the 
Cultural Recreation Center of Balboa 
Park . 

Tuesday April 20. Two meetings at 6:30 pm 
and again at 8:30 pm in the " Harbor 
Room" of Shelter Island Inn. 2505 Shelter 
Island Dr. 

Chula Vista Meetings 
Thursday April 15. Two meetings at 6:30 

pm and at 8'30 pm. 
Frtday April 16. Two meetings at 6:30 pm 

and again at 8 30 pm. 
Saturday April 17 . Two meetings at 10:30 

am and again at 1 .30 pm . 
These meetings will be held at the Royal 

Inn , 632 " E" SI. In Chula Vista . 

National City Meetings 
Mon1ay April 19. Two meetings at 6:30 pm 

nd at 8 ' 3Opm 
TueSday April 20. Two meetings at 6:30 pm 

nd at830 pm . 
These m tings will be held In the 

" B nquet Room" of Plaza Bowl . 1201 E. 
Plaza Blvd (Ent rance At of Main en· 
Ir nc ) 

LaJoll 
Thursd y April 15 Two meeting at 6:30 

pm nd t 8 30 pm. 

Friday April 16. Two meetings at 6:30 pm 
and at 8:30 pm . 

Monday April 19. Two meetings at 6:30 pm • 
and at 8:30 pm. 

These meetings will be held In the San 
Diego Federal Savings and Loan Bldg .• 
Second floor. 1055 Torrey Pines Rd., La 
Jolla . 

Escondido Meetings 
Thursday April 15. Two meetings at 6:30 

pm and at 8:30 pm. 
Friday April 16. Two meetings at 6 :30 pm 

and again at 8:30 pm . 
Saturday April 17 . Two meetings at 1 :30 pm 

and at 3:30 pm . 
These meetings to be held In the Royal Inn 

2500 South Escondido Blvd. 
Monday Apr . 18. Two meetings at 6:30 and 

8'30 pm 
Tuesday April 20. Two meetings at 6:30 pm 

and at 8:30 pm to be held at the 
Escondido Country Club . 18J0 Country 
Club Lane , Escondido. 

EI Cajon Meetings 
Thursday April 15. Two meetings t 8:30 

and at 8:30 pm . 
Friday April 16. Two meetings ot 6:30 and 

B 3Opm . 
Saturday April 17 . Two meetings at 10:30 

amandat 1:30pm . 
These meetings will be held In the B nquet 

Room of Parkway Bowl . 128J Fletcher 
Pkw. 

Monday April 19. Two meetings at 6:30 pm 
nd at 830 pm . 

Tuesday April 20. Two meetings at 6 30 pm 
andat8 :3Opm . 

These meetings will be held In the Blnquet 
Room 01 La Mesa Bowl , 7 0 P rkway 
Dr In La Mesa. (Entrance to rlgllt 01 main 
entrance) 


