
No Jobs 

Bad and 
Getting 
Worse 

The job market for college 
graduates was bad last year, but 
promises to be worse next year. 

A recently released College 
Placement Council (CPC) Survey 
estimates that employers will hire 
5 percent fewer college graduates 
than in 1974-75, which bad been 
called the toughest job market for 
grads in 30 years. 

The council, a non-profit 
organization which works with 
college career counselors, 
placement offices and employers 
across the country, did point out a 
bright spot: things will get worse, 
but at a slower rate than last year: 
18 per cent fewer graduates than 
the year before. 

"The employers in this year's 
poll do not look for a similar 
deterioration like last year, mainly 
because they anticipate a better 
economic climate," a CPC 
representative said. 

Specialization Best 
Continuing a recent trend, job 

prospects are brightest for 
graduates who specialize, 
especially in engineering and 

bus~ness. Liberal arts graduates, 
as in ,the past, face the fewest 
opportunities. 

Employers in the engineering 
and business fields estimate a 2 
percent gain over last year's 
hiring. 

However, those modest gains are 
more than offset by the 19 percent 
drop predicted for the sciences, 
math and technical fields and a 12 
percent decrease for hwnanities 
and social science majors. 

But there will be no refuge for 
the jobless in government em-
ployment, as it registered the 
largest decreases in the CPC 
survey. 

State and local government 
agencies responding to the survey 
indicated employment decreases 
from between 15 to 25 percent. 
Federal government agencies 
reported a 14 percent decrease. 

In San Diego county there are 20 
applicants for every available job, 
according to county persoMel 
analyst John Gallo. He also 
reported that the ratio goes as high 
as 30 to 1 for social work em-
ployment. 

"We're just not hiring social 
workers," he said. 

Lower-Paying Jobs UmJted 
Although many college 

graduates are willing to t~e 
lo.wer-paying jobs, such as weHare 
eligibility workers, those jobs are 
also limited. 

State employment opportunities 
are not any better. 

Charles Heldebrant, head of the 
state employment services 
diViSion, said that major layoffs in 
state departments like Cal-Trans 
have made the situation even 
tougher for the new college 
graduate. 

State employees who have been 
laid off have the first opportunities 
at n w jobs, HeldebraDt said. And, 

s~ te . departments are giving first 
prlo~lty to those applicants with 
prevIous experience, he added. 

~ow ver, the CDC report did 
PO!nt out that job opportunities are 
brIght in the automotive and 
m chaniclll equipment categories, 

~s well as In the tire and rubber 
Industries. 

Though the buildings are nearly complete at Third College, 
landscaping is still going on. There was some confusion early 

. Monday morning as students had trouble finding the Classroom 
building at Third as well as the individual classrooms. By the 
afternoon, however I signs were placed directing students to 
their proper classrooms 

No Cash Available Del Mar Council OKs 
Fo GSU St ·k 18 Units per Acre r n ers for North Beach Lands 
Says Roten berg 

Following a meeting with the 
Graduate Student Union 
Negotiating Committee Tuesday 
the Acting Dean of Graduate 
Studies and Research, Manuel 
Rotenberg,said, "I just don't know 
whether there will be a strike." 

The GSU's strike, slated to begin 
next Monday, is a protest of the 
administration 's failure to provide 
sufficient funding and backing to 
teaching assistants at UC San 
Diego, according to the GSU. 

"We have nothing but bad news 
as far as cash is concerned," 
stated Rotenberg. "The source ,of 
the money that the Chancellor has 
for discretionary purposes comes 
from the overhead that is charged 
to goverrunent agencies on con-
tracts. The goverrunent auditors 
have recently told the University 
that they may no longer charge 34 
percent overhead and will allow us 
only 26 percent. That means that 
any discretionary funds that the 
Chancellor has, that haven't been 
committed by tradition have now 
vanished. 

"So whatever concession we 
make to the GSU will have to be in 
the area of security and equity:' 
Monetary ConcessioDs Scrapped 
A plan submitted by Rotenberg 

and Assistant Dean of Students 
Jean Fort, which involved 
monetary concessions to the GSU, 
has thus been scrapped, according 
to Rotenberg. 

If the GSU does strike, the ad-
ministr~tion is "prepared to cover 
all teaching responsibilities," 
commented Vice-chancellor for 
Academic Affairs Paul Salbnan. 

Course Contents Altered 
Each department will be 

responsible for holding the sections 
as planned or altering the courses 
to confonn with the lack of 
teaching uaistant8, according to 
Saltman. Scme classes may hold 
extra lectures, while others may 
have to curtail or change the 
course contenta, be said. 

The language program may find 
itseH hiring "outsiders" to flU 
vacant TA spots, but no other 
departments are expected to do so, 
stated Rotenberg. 

CoDtblaed OD Pale. 

The Del Mar City Council 
reapproved a proposal to allow for 
18 units per acre building in the 
Nocth Beach area of Del Mar 
Monday night despite some 
citizens urging that the council 
allow only 9 units per acre in the 
area. 

The council reaffirmed its ap-
proval of the decision after a public 
hearing held to gauge public 
reaction to the revisions of the 
Community Plan made by a 
committee appointed to that 
task by the council. Citizen com-
plaints were largely addressed to 

TOII''''Oft 
the issue of density in the North 
Beach area. Some Del Mar 
residents said that the City Council 
wasn't listening to the wishes of the 
people as expressed in the recent 
poll on the Community Plan. 

Del Mar resident Dave Keeling 
said that in its approval of the 18 
unit per acre plan, the council was 
contradicting an earlier resolution 
it made to follow the result8 of the 
poll on the Community Plan. 
Keeling said that while the poll 
indicated that Del Mar voters 
favored restricting density to 9 
units per acre in the North Beach 
area, they were violating the 
voters' trust, If allowed 18 units per 
acre. 

Coatfaued OD Pap. 

UCSD Police Expect No 
Rise in Local Pot Use 
New Ruling 
Creates Public 
Confusion 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

Despite some confusion in the 
state concerning the new 
marijuana laws, UC San Diego 
police do not expect any significant 
effect here on either law en-
forcement or increased public use 
of the weed. 

Sgt. Bill Mott of the UCSD police 
said that the only effect the new 
law will have is that now the 
quantity of marijuana possessed 
must be determined before a 
penalty is assessed. 

Under the new law, which went 
into effect New Year's Day, 
possession of an ounce or less of 
marijuana will no longer be con-
sidered a felony. Offenders will 
instead be given traffic-ticket-type 
citations and fined no more than 
$100. 

Possession of more than one 
ounce of pot still remains a felony, 
as does driving under the influence 
of any amount of marijuana. 

Mott said UCSD police do not 
expect any significant change on 
the department's work with the 
new law. 

Determine the Quantity 
" If a person is caught with 

marijuana we will determine the 
quantity he possesses. If he 

FBI TakeS Credit for 
Sf San Diego Violence 
I n Secret Hoover Memo 

The Federal rlureau of 
Investigation (FBI ) in 1969 took 
credit for provoking violence 
between black groups in southeast 
San Diego, it has been reported. 

The information was contained 
in a secret memorandum to then-
FBI director J. Edgar Hoover, in 
which the agency claimed cr.edit 
for the "high degree of unrest" in 
San Diego's ghetto. 

The San Diego field office of the 
FBI, in updating to Hoover its 
"counterintelligence" efforts to 
disrupt groups such as the Black 
Panthers and US, reported: 

"Shootings, beatings and a high 
degree of unrest continues (sic) to 
prevail in the ghetto area of 
southeast San Diego. Although no 
specific counterintelligence action 
can be credited with contributing 
to this overall situation, it is felt 
that a substantial amount of the 
unrest is directly attributed to this 
program.' \ 

The FBI apparently encouraged 
warfare between the two groups. 
Over a three mon.th period in 1969 
in San Diego, this conflict resulted 
in two killings, the woundings of 
four other persons, shotgun and 
rifle attacks and a bomblng. 

possesses more than one ounce he 
will be arrested, if he has one 
OUACe or less, we will write out a 
citation," said Mott. 

Mott said that marijuana has 
never been a major part of the 
crime picture at UCSD. " It 
(marijuana) has never been a 
significant problem. We have 
always been more concerned with 
cutting down the theft rate. " 

The new law, according to Mott, 
will not change the enforcement 
priorities of the department. " It 
(the new law) will not change our 
work at all. I don't see that we ever 
were searching for mariJuana 
users. We were always more 
concerned with apprehending 
burglars." 

Other law enforcement agencies 
have not been as subdued as Mott, 
however. Joe House, the local 
agent for the state Narcotics 
Enforcement Bureau, told the San 
Diego Evening Tribune that he 
thinks both arrests and use of the 
drug will more than double. House 
believes experimentation will 
increase among younger juveniles. 

Many officials are worried that 
the public will think it is now legal 
to smoke marijuana. 

Apparently law enforcement 
agencies have received hundreds 
of calls from citizens who think the 
law will.legalize marijuana. 

Standard Procedure 
Mott and other UCSD policemen 

will follow the standard procedures 
to determine the quantity of 
marijuana on a suspect. If a 
person has more than 83 of the 
slender marijuana cigarettes, he 
may be charged with a felony. For 
regular cigarettes that have been 
filled with marijuana, the nwnber 
is 55. Possession of more than 10 of 
the bombers-cigar sized joints-
will also constitute a felony. 
. San Diego city policemen ill 

carry oregano-which has the 
approximate weight of marijuana-
to determine the amount of 
marijuana on a suspect. 

The new law only affects 
California though Oregon and a 
few other states have similar laws 
on their books. Transporting 
marijuana across state lines still 
constitutes a federal offence. 

Servicemen who possess 
marijuana are still liable to their 
individual commands while 
juveniles will be arrested for even 
the smallest possession. 

Stiff Penalties 
Citizens have also been warned 

that the law does not apply in 
foreign countries. Mexico, for 
example, has stiff penalties for 
marijuana possession. Americans 
have been urged by officials not to 
take marijuana into that country. 

Officials thr(\ughout the state are 
still not sure what effect the new 
law will have . San Francisco 
mayor George Moscone, who 
sponsored the bill as a state 
senator, believt'8 the new law will 
save money l\Ild free agencies for 
other law enforc .ment duties. 



..... 1 

Letters 

The Los Angeles 'rimes reported 
on December 11,1975: 

"A father whose ~-mon~d girl 
died after being refused admission 
to two hospitals accused British 
doctl)rs Wednesday of 'playing God 
with human lives' by their work 
slowdown_ 

"I'd like to shoot them for what 
they've done. They're supposed to 
save lives ... ' " 

A regrettable episode. But who 
is really playing God? 

Consider this: The father in the 
story said that the doctors were 
making life and death decisions, 
choosing to use or not to use their 
god-like knowledge. He apparently 
respects the abilities of these 
doctors. He recognizes their hard-
earned talents, and he values them 
dearly. 

But he does not respect the fact 
that these doctors are human 
beings entitled to the r ights of men. 
The Cather says: "They're sup-

posed to save lives." He says that 
doctors are not men performing a 
valuable service, but that they are 
his servants - and behold, they do 
not jump to the call of their 
master! They are supposed to 
work for him, that is their duty. 

The British government, the 
Times reported, is trying to 
eradicate the private practices of 
doctors in the nationalized 
hospitals. Presently, it was 
reported, doctors are working 60 to 
80 hour weeks, with fixed, salaries 
considerably below those of the 
average 4o-hour professional in the 
United States. Doctors there are 
rebelling, striking against in-
tolerable conditions of em-
ployment, just as any craftsman 
would. Can you imagine what the 

I nlC .. 111IIl'8 Wedoesday,Jaauary7,1I71 

New York: Worth Saving? 
by Craig Uchida 
OpioiOll Editor 

AFlrCIO or the Teamsters would ditions, hours, and wages offered The crisis in New York City had passed by the time we had arrived 
do if conditions were like that irt a within the market? there. 
GM plant? Medical men are professional' Through the benevolence of Gerald Ford and the . legislators in ,. 

But doctors there are not con- men, not witch doctors or apostles. Congress, the Big Apple had been saved from deCauit. The 8 million had 
side red craftsmen. They are Crom heaven. In Britain, they not been forgotten. 
" public servants," and therefore spend from eight to twelve years But, was it really worth saving? 
can be treated like public slaves. developing their skill, just to be All the signs indicated that perhaps Jerry had made a mistake in ap-
The British government has told that they have no rights proving the bill. The garbage was piled high in the streets and on the 
declared that health care is a right anymore, that they are now public sidewalks because of the strike ; the hacks drove their vehicles recklessly 
of British citizens; they have servants, and that the whole nation throughout the City, mumbling and often times screaming obscenities at 
declared that the whole nation has has unlimited claim upon their every pedestrian who happened to cross their path ; bus drivers swerved 
an unlimited claim on the labor of labor and lives. their behemoths into oncoming traffic; cigarettes were 75 cents a pack ; 
d t d th t d t h . Don't we call the labor of men Coors was unavailable. oc ors, an a oc ors can ave 
no rights of choice of working without rights by it's proper term: But there was a certain something that made the Congressional Act 

d ·t · I ' k ' slave labor? appear worthwhile. con I Ions, sa aries, wor 109 
hours, or private practice. All men, regardless of race, Perhaps it was all the different siJ!hts one can see in the City - the 

Some persons claim that ser- creed, color, religion, or profession Guggenheim Museum, the Lincoln and Rockefeller Centers, the opera, 
vices which directly affect life and should have the right to choose the Empire State Building, the Village and on and on. 
property should be maintained by their means of livelihood, and to Maybe it was the fact that the drinking age is only 18. 
government, and that persons pursue their lives free of coercion. Yes, that was part of it. 
providing such services should Anything less is involuntary ser- But, New York is more than.that. Sure, it has its unique sights. It has its 
have no right to withhold their vitude. big city image. But, it also has something in common with the rest of 
labor. This is a point of view that I accuse the British government the country. We found it in the West End and on the 7th floor of Furnald 
states that one man's need is his oC playing God: by deciding who Hall. 
claim to another man's services. shall serve whom, by treating men At 116th Street and Broadway, the local hang out for the Columbia 

Take this example. Farmers, as merely service machines who University students is a bar known as the West End. It was here that 
ranchers, wholesalers, retailers, are " supposed to" wor~ for other Jack Kerouac's ghost stalked and Allen Ginsberg's laughter resounded. 
and transportation workers al\ men, by denying the basic rights of It was here that a couple of California tourists came in contact with the 
concern themselves with providing men to select the conditions of their Nebish from New Jersey, the Texas T~ase , and the Light from Long 
necessary food for people. If any employment. Beach. A strange breed that gro~p. T!Jelr leader was a neurotic pre-med 
link in this chain of production That government will ultimately - from , of all places, pas<l:dena, Cahforma . . 
were to strike indefinitely, then be blamed for the war of sub- We dra~ to everythmg under the .cloudy New York sky that rught. 
some persons might go hungry. jugation against doctors and From the Oil field of Texas to the m~rrlage of Pam Reynolds-Gurney. 
Should we then deny food industry deaths of those patients caught in It ~as fu~y that Br,:!ce never I?ald for a round. . 
workers the right to strike, and the the crossfire. Neither did. the Neblsh. But smce .hls .real name was Hank Fmke and 
r[ghts to choose working con- RICHARD STEVENS because we discovered he was a NaZI remcarnated as a good Jewish boy 
..... --------.....:::--------------"""""1 from Fair Lawn, NJ, we didn't push it. His "companion," one Debbie 

The Triton Times is recognized by the Communications Bvuld of UCSD as the 
official student newspaper. Publication is on Mondays, Wednesdays and 
Fridays during the regular school year (exce pt on official holidays). Editor ial 
and business offices are located in 117 Bloke Hollon the Revelle College 
campus, Un iversity of California, Son Diego. 

letters to the Editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissions 
should be typed on a 74· spoce line on nonerasable poper. They should not 
exceed three poges in length double.spoced. The Triton Times reserves the 
ri ght to edit subm issions because of space limitations or style requirements. 

For editorial, call 452·3466; for business and display advert isements, call 
452-3468. 

Lundblad, was the daughter of an ex-mayor of a small town outside of San 
Antonio. A blonde, blue-eyed Swede with a Texas drawl, she laughed at 
all of our jokes and teased the Nebish endlessly. Meanwhile, Joe Light, a 
short, scraggly-looking, completely wasted individual, but a man true to 
his debts discussed the Cal State Long Beach basketball team - the 
Pondexters , Leonard Gray, efc. " I knew them once," he said. 

A half block from the West End, a dormitory faces the Columbia 
University Square, with its back to the flashing neons of Braodway. We 
slept in the recesses of that dorm. In the 7th floor TV lounge of Furnald 
Hal\, to be exact. 

Continued on Page 8 

Survival Test Looms 
for American Values 

By Mlchael~. Parrish 

The following is a reprint of a 
Bicentennial series entitled 
" Courses by Newspaper", funded 
by NEH. Copyright 1975 by the 
Regents of the University of 
California. 

In America, novelist Thomas 
Wolfe wrote, " You Can't Go Home 
Again." Future-oriented, devoted 
to growth, expansion and change, 
Americans have exhibited a 
curious attitude toward the past. 
On the one hand, they have per-
petually moved to new land, new 
communities and new tasks: a 
nation, as Mark Twain suggested, 
of Huckleberry Finns, eager to 
explore the next wilderness, im-
patient with conventions, 
traditions and the status quo. At 
the same time, few societies 
display more nostalgia and sen-
timentality toward their history. 
Past events, actors and situations 
are constantly evoked to measure 
the extent of national " decay" as 
well as national " progress." 
Anxious to eSc.ipe the present, 
Americans have 3till taken to heart 
the philosophf'r George San-
tayana's famous aphorism that 
"those who do J ot learn from the 
past, are doomed to repeatit." 

A comparison of the Centelll,i .. 1 
and Bicentenniill years, Daniel 
Aaron suggested in the first article 
of this series, can help us to 
evaluate a cer tuty of national 
experience anc to make some 
informed gUessES about the future. 

The Centennial years, we have 
seen, were not happy ones for the 
country. Grant's administration 
ended in severe economic 
dislocation, political scandal, class 
tensions and racial strife. Portions 
of the South remained under 
military rule , the last vestige of a 
Reconstruction policy ostensible 
designed to protect the civil and 
political rights of blacks. 

In the Centennial year itseU, the 
national government came to a 
virtual standstill from November, 
1876, to March, 1877, during the 
disputed presidential contest 
between Rutherford Hayes and 
Samuel Tilden. The capital 
hummed with rumors of con-
spiracies to subvert the Con-
stitution. Then the crisis passed. 
With Hayes inaugurated, economic 
and governmental machinery 
functioned again. America en-
tered a generation of material 
growth, meat-and-potato politics 
and of business as usual. 

'fPe national problems of those 
Centennial years differ only in 
degree from our current economic 
and political woes: "stagflation," 
the aftermath of Southeast Asia , 
Watergate , impeachment 
proceedings and the resignation of 
a President. Have we now passed 
through another brief, national 
illness and commenced a new 
cycle of economic well-being, 
social tranquillity and business as 
usual? Or, rather, are we 
somewhere adrift in the middle of 
a more prolonged crisis that will 
revolutionize American values and 
institutions? 

Despite analogies between 
Centennial and Bicentennial years, 
surely the American experience in 
the last qllarter o[ this century will 
be Cundamentally different from 
that of the last 25 years of the 19th. 
Few frontiers remain to be settled. 
Indians may skirmish with 
bureaucrats, but not with the U.S, 
cavalry ; and no transcontinental 
railroads are likely to be built. 
Small businessmen and farmers 
show few signs of uniting to 
overthrow corporate monopolies ; 
and whatever their felt wrongs, 
Afro-Americans probably will not 
again endure systematic disen-
franc hi sement and official 
segregation. 

On the other hand, certain 
American beliefs and practices, 

present in 1876 and 1976, may well 
persist through the next' 
generation . They will provide 
continuity with our past but fun-
ction at the same time as major 
obstacles to reordering our 
relations with one another, with 
our society and with the world. 
Sources of national vitality, these 
values and institutional 
arrangements are also sources of 
national weakness. At their core is 
the insistent American pursuit of 
individual fulfillment. often at the 
expense of mutual sacrifice and 
social cooperation. 

In the pursuit of individual 
fulfillment, we treasure ethnic and 
cultural pluralism, political 
federalism and voluntarism in the 
belief that they constitute the most 
import.ant bonds of national 
cohesion. In large measure this is 
true, but as the Frendunan Alexis 
de Tocqueville noted in the 1830s 
and as the contemporary historian 
Robert Wiebe concluded in .a 
recent book, what we call national -:~~~~ .... ~ ... ___ ~ 
strength remains, paradoxically, ~ 
the desire of Americans to live 
apart from one another in isolated 
social compartments. 

" I see," TocQueville wrote about 
this country, " an innumberable 
multitude of men ... constantly 
circling around in pursuit of the 
petty, and banal pleasures with 
.which they glut their souls. Each ... _._ 
one of them, withdrawn into 
himseU, is almost unaware of the 
fate of the rest. " America's 
present social order, Wiebe 
suggests, remains a collection of 
separate constituencies 
economic, political, ethnic, 
religious - an interdependent 
nation, to be sure, but also a land of 
strangers. 

Has not our melting pot been as 
much metaphor as reality? Anglo 
and Italian, Slav and Irish, Ger-
man and Chinese, black and white, 
have been affected by a common 
technology and aspired to consume 

Michael E. Parrish I. an associate professor of !llatory lit UaD. 
Author of "Securities Regulation and the N.w Deal," Ite i. 
currently writing a biography of Supreme Court Jlltice Felil 
frankfurter. From 1974 to 1975 he was I IlIterallrts f.How If 
the Harvar,d Law School. 

the same prooucts. But they have 
attempted, for the most part, to 
live, marry, procreate and die 
within the boundari s of their 
respective ethnic and religious 
groups. 

Cultural and ethnic pluralism 

has enlivened our politics alld 
enriched our national literature. 
At the same time, it has stunted the 
growth of a collective life through 
religious intn}erance, racial 
segregation and ethnic hatred. 

Continued on Page 3 

WecioelClay.Jaauary7, 1171 

Survival.. .. 
The intense and narrow social 
environment which nurtured the 
genius of William Faulkner also 
spawned the Ku Klux Klan. 

Except in times of extraordinary 
foreign or domestic crisis, or-
dinary Americans have suc-
cessfully resisted the cen-
tralization of political authority 
and the coerciOll of individuals and 
groups required to achieve a 
common purpose. Only radical 
dissenters, as Alan Barth has 
reminded us, have suffered ex-
treme repression. 

Despite a century of strong 
presidents, of Square Deals, New 
Deals, Fair Deals, New Frontiers 
and Great Societies - each in turn 
enlarging the size and scope of 
national authority - we retain our 
traditional political assumptions : 
local control, voluntary effort, self-
regulation. Let those in our own 
community staff the draft boards. 
Entrust private charitable 
agencies with the task of dealing 
with natural and man-made 
catastrophes. Decry " federal 
power" and a "faceless 
bureaucracy" while sharing in its 
various practical benefits --
unemployment insurance, food 
stamps, Medicare, relief payments 
and Social Security among them. 

Should local solutions and 
"voluntarism" prove inadequate, 
then try first to cure the problem at 
the state level. "One of the happy 
incidents of the federal system," 
Justice Louis Brandeis pointed out, 
was the possibility "that a single 
courag,:ous State may ... serve as a 

laboratory; and try novel social 
and economic experiments without 
risk to the rest of the country." 
Most of the 20th century social 
refonns, from workman's com-
pensation to no-fault auto in-
surance, were Introduced as state, 
not national measures. 

Americans have paid a high 
price for their commitment to 
individual and local solutions 
within the federal system. The 
costs include a chaotic fiscal 
structure at all levels of govern-
ment (how much of a program will 
be paid for by federal funds? how 
much by the state? how much 
locally?) ; inadequate regulation of 
a polluted environment; unequal 
welfare benefits, and a long 
tradition of wasted or duplicated 
efforts to cope with the general 
welfare. 

Furthermore, claims of local 
control and "grass roots 
democracy" have frequentiy been 
asserted to disguise or bolster 
efforts to protect entrenched 
groups. "Self regulation" has 
'often served as an obvious mask 
for privilege - whether in con-
nection with business inte rests, 
labor unions or the learned 
professions. Those in control have 
sometimes managed to cloak the 
ruthless, the incompetent and the 
greedy within their own precincts. 

In the United States, so rich in 
resources and technical ingenuity, 
the boundaries of opportunity have 
seemed infinitely expandable, at 
least in theory. Until recent years, 

Continued on Page 6 

:uc San Diego 

John H_ Taylor 
Editor-in-dllef 

Mark Woelber 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
NewsedJtor 

Cr~UcbJda 
Opinion editor 

Sara J. Lowen 
Community editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office ma .. ger 

James G_ Soto 
CUyedltor 

ADDe Liebler 
Copy editor 

Rick Rodewald 
Business Manager 

Daniel Sbawler 
Art8editor 

Tad Sperry 
Photo edili,r 

ru ... lVE.ulty of {!a.[lfotnla, dan 7)££90 ' 
{!a.mpLL!1. V:>togtam 230atd ." 

pU:!J.E.nh 

Saturday Night. Film 

IISm~" 
with Jean-Paul Be/mondo 
directed by Aloin Resnais 

January 10 USB 2722 
7:30 pm & 10pm 

Tickets at Student Center Box 

, • rl.oll.lnxas· Page 3 

Center Promotes Spanish-American Studies 
by Frank Kazerski, Jr. 

Staff Writer 

The Center for Iberian and Latin 
American Studies (CILAS) opened 
its new facilities at HL 1260 this fall 
to serve the UCSD campus and the 
greater San Diego community. 

ClPAS concerns itseU with four 
sub-areas of interest: Latin 
America, Iberia, Chicano society 
and the US - Mexican Frontera. Its 
faculty members represent the 
history, literature, sociology, 
political science and psychiatry 
departments. 

The ClLAS staff also plans to 
include new faculty members from 
these departments as well as from 
the anthropology, community 
medicine, drama and visual Arts 
departments and the Institute of 
Geophysics and Planetary 
Physics. 

The center has been responsible 
for coordinating speakers, sym-
posia, inter-disciplinary studies 
and research projects during the 
past year. An interdisciplinary 
humanities-social sciences 
seminar exploring the ClLAS 
concerns has been carried out as a 
pilot program in Iberian and Latin 
American Studies. This was 
supported through a PlaMing 
Grant from the National 
Endowment for the Humanities 
(NEH), awarded in 1974. 

During the fall qUjlrter, in the 
final phase of the pilot project, 
ClLAS has worked with the Third 
World Studies program in the 
sponsorship of an interdisciplinary 
course entitled "Chicano Con-
temporary Issues." It included the 
participation of guest lecturers and 
facuIty members from five 
University Departments. 

In the 1974-75 academic year, 
faculty members and guest 
speakers participated in segments 
of the NEH funded course dealing 
with " Boundaries of lbero-

Mediterranean Civilization," 
" Latin American Emergence," 
and the " Indian in Mexico." The 
ClLAS faculty plans to continue to 
encourage, facilitate, and coor-
dinate interdisciplinary teaching 
and related activities. 

Major Critical Works 
ClLAS has also undertaken 

several research projects during 
the past year which are currently 
being prepared for publication. A 
guide to the CILAS-related 
holdings of the UCSD Central 
Library and a preliminary 
analysis of the major critical 
works of Spanish and early 
Spanish-American authors were 

" Artworl< byJlm Evans" 

distributed this fall . 
The Center for Iberian and Latin 

American Studies is in the process 
of opening a public reading room 
containing Spanish, Portuguese, 
and English-language newspapers 
and magazines. Already ClLAS 
has started publication of its own 
newsletter, "EI Sol. " 

Formerly located on the Mat-
thews Campus, ClLAS has been an 
official center since May, when it 
was approved by the Regents as an 
Organized Research Unit of the 
University of California. The 
Center is devoted to promoting 
inter-<1isciplinary research and 
instruction as they relate to the 
peoples and cultures of the Spanish 
and Portuguese-speaking world. 

AII- Day Ski Trip 
to 

Thursday, { 
Jan. 15 

$13.00 covers round trip bus 
Transportation and 
All-Day Ski lift Pass 

Open ·to first 41 people to reserve space 
Bus leaves Urey Hall 6.00 .1111 

leaves Snow Summit 4:30 pm 
returns to UCSD 8:30 pm 

Purchase tickets in Rec Gym by Monday January 12 
For more Info ., contact Mike HIPP or Steve Grady In the Rec Gym (x4037) 

3 



Defense Res~orch 
The IA Connection 

atUCSD 
byBobDom 

This article first appeared in the 
San Diego Evening Tribune Nov. 
27,1975. 

There is a CIA connection at 
UCSD. 

And millions of defense dollars 
have funded research on the 
campus - more than $90 million in 
the last 10 years has come from the 
Department of Defense alone. 

During that time, some of the 
research has been classified, 
despite faculty reports and official 
comments to the contrary, and 
classified research into un-
derwater acoustics continues 
today at the Marine Physical 
Laboratory oPerated by Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography. 

The Central Intelligence Agency 
contract is with three economists 
from UCSD and one from North-
western University who have a 
consulting 'firm in Del Mar called 
the Institute for Policy Analyses. 

The administration maintains 
the lab is not part of the campus 
because it is physically located in 
the Naval Underwater Center on 
PointLoma. 

Vice chancellor Paul Saltman 
said he considers the lab an off-
campus facility and that grad 
students do no research there. 

However, Dr. Victor Anderson, 
acting director of the lab, said 
graduate students are engaged in 
research there. "They are paid 
under the Of.fice of Naval Research 
grants but they do basic (as op-
posed to classified) research," he 
said. 

ImplemeDting a Military Goal 
The distinction between the two 

types of research is generally 
agreed to mean that basic research 
is that which has no specific ap-
plication and increases general 
knowledge while classified 
research is undertaken to im-
plement a desired military or 
security goal. 

The CIA contract with the 

Bob Dom is the Education Writer at the San Diego Evening Tribune. His 
article first appeared in the Tribune Nov. 27, 1975, and appears here with 
his permission. 

Their contract, for nearly $150,000, 
is for a survey of tariffs and trade 
designed to forecast changes in the 
U.S. balance of trade alter 
hypothetical events like exchanges 
In monebry exchange rates are 
lactored in. 

Not a University Grant 
That contract is the only known 

CIA contract he ld by UCSD 
professors and it is not a grant to 
the university. " We happen to be 
people who are employed by the 
university," said Richard Attiyeh, 
one of the directors of the institute 
and chairma n of UCSD 's 
economics department. 

There have been unconfirmed 
stories that Scripps professors and 
employees aided the July 1974 CIA 
project with Howard Hughes to 
raise a sunken Soviet submarine 
off Hawaii. A CIA official, Angus 
Thuermer, would not comment 
yesterday but Scripps director 
William Nierenberg left open the 
possibility Scripps employees were 
aboard the salvage ship Glomar 
Explorer as observers. 

'The CIA doesn 't tell me 
everything," he said. " They don't 
tell the President everything. They 
certainly wouldn't contract with 
the institution (Scripps) . 

But what they do with in-
dividuals is another matter. 

Semantic Fine Point 
The Marine Physical Laboratory 

of Scripps has always been the 
division of UCSD handling 
classified projects, but as late as 
this week Sheldon Schultz, the 
chairman of th Academic Senate 
and other UCSD officials were 
saying there has been no classified 
research on the campus. 

A semantic fine point is involved. 

Institute for Policy Analyses was 
revealed by the Anti-CIA Coalition 
at UCSD last week in a radical 
occasi onal newspape r , Natty 
Dread. 

Attiyeh said that the project his 
group is working on is not 
classified by the CIA and is con-
ventio nal economic research , 
" Part of our insistence was there' 
would be no CIA interference with 
publication of our findings," he 
said. 

Marco LiMandri, one of the 
leaders of the Anti-CIA Coalition 
said the institute's project is " a 
mathematical battlefield fo r 
economic boycott" of the kind 
alleged to have brought down the 
Marxist government of Chile under 
Salvador Allende. 

As for the Marine Physical 
Laboratory, Anderson said the 
principal classified research there 
is done under antisubmarine 
warfare contracts from the Office 
of Naval Research. 

Anderson said the Scripps 
scientists meet Navy industrial 
security standards and that some 
of the data on sound waves and 
obstacles to sound waves may not 
be released to the public. 

Scripps has a similar project at 
its Visibility La boratory, funded by 
the Air Force. 

','The Visibility Lab is basically 
optics, high ai r camera pictures," 
says Harry Moore, UCSD's con-
LracLS ana grants officer. Scripps is 
devis ing computer programs and 
techniques to sort out and more 
fu lly develop photographic images 
of the kind shot by satellites. 

The Anti-CIA Coalition claims 
that the lab was deciphering high 

ContinUed on Page 8 

............. 'S 

Neither rain nor Inow nor gloom of night can ltay hearty polhll 
employees from their .ppolnted tllka. But the ."elle .iI 
room had little to Ihow of thil ethic; they ran out of emplo,"I. 
Studentl flocking to buy 3 cent ltampi were greeted b, thll 
haltily leHered lign announcing the te .. porary deml.. of the 
local POlt office. en photo: Nathan Meyen) 
Fou rth Reporter 

Fourth Rec Center 
Gears for Winter Fun 

by Alan Russell 
Staff Writer 

Thursday, Jan. 22 at 7:30 pm in 
USB 2722. The films to be shown 
are, " The Day The Earth Stood 
Still," " Collossus : The Forbin 
Project," " Mothra ," and " The 
Projected Man." Admission is 50 
cents. 

Wed ... y, J-..ry 1, 11'76 

Coop Plans 
Member, 
Info Drive 

No Quorum 
at Meeting 

by KeD StI"DOV 
Staff Writer 

The basic nature of the Student 
Cooperative was the subject 
considered by that body in its first 
meeting -of the quarter Monday 
night. 

Discussion and vJlting on 
scheduled topics was prevented by 
the failure to reach a quorUm. 
Thirty people are required for a 
quorum and but only 28 were in 
attendance . 

Members examined the relation 
of the Coop to the general student 
body. Some complained that the 
Coop seemed isolated from the rest 
of the students. 

It was also pointed out that 
although representing the student 
body is not an official duty of the 
Coop, the Coop is now believed by 
many to represent and speak for 
all UCSan Diego students. 

Many Coop members saw a 
general ignorance by the general 
public about the Coop and non-
involvement as major causes of the 
misconceptions and problems of 
the Coop. An information and 
recruitment drive was planned for 
the near future. 

Activities for Fourth College 
.students begin tonight at 7 pm in 
the Recreation Center located at 
702 MC. The reopening of the 
center will feature new interior 
decorations, as well as free 
musical entertainment and food. 

The first meeting of the Fourth 
Outing Club is scheduled for 7 pm 
Monday, in the upstairs lounge of 
the Mqtthews Recreation Center. 
Those students who enjoy hiking 
and backpacking, or those who 
would like to get invowed in such 
pursuits, are urged to attend. 

Work on the Triton Times may be 

Fourth Free University 

If traditional classroom studies 
don't seem exciting enough, you 
should sign up to attend the Fourth 
Free Universitifrom 7 until 9 pm 
on Jan . 15 in the Matthews 
Cafeteria . Courses will range from 
massage lessons to Bible studies, 
and from learning how to make a 
kite to making wine. (Combine the 
two, and you can really go fly a 
kite. ) 
Sporting teams are again being 

formed at Fourth College for in-
terschool play. The Fourth 
basketball team is the first one 
being organized, with games 
already scheduled this month. 
Those interested in playing shoilld 
get in touch with Marty Conoley at 
701 MC by Jan. 16. 

U any Fourth students want to go 
directly to the top they are invited 
to talk with Provost Lea Rudee in 
his office at 302 MC on Thursday 
afternoons, Jan. 15,22 and 29, from 
2 to 4 pm. Any complaints , 
questions or comments will be 
welcomed. 

Students who wish to watch a few 
good science fiction films should 
attend the mini-science fiction film 
festival which will be held on 

for you. Positions for ad salespeople, 
ne",:,swriters and photographers 

are open. ' Drop by and see what we 
have to offer. 

Need a 
Part-time Job? 

v.c. saC~ONTEMPORARY~ 
CH.ANIBER ENSEMBLE 

FOReoo 
directed by ARTHUR WEISBURG 

s,..c'-l Stvtlen' DiKe",nl ."ailoltl. fe, mid-w." .!Iii", 
(MetMiey ~ F,lday) , ... c.pl Decemlte,22 th, ..... Jenu.ty 
4 ..... PeItruery 16,h. 

" 

u o 

. thriltin~ . must see" The New York Times 
" ... dazzling!' The Villa~e Voice 

8:30 pm Saturday, January 17 
Mandeville Auditorium 

C D Box OHice 
GA: 4.00 

INFO: 452.4090 

Ye ...... Ify, ...... n' "uden' 1.0. and d,i".,', licen .. 'e MI, 4h-
'"IMI,.... c-...... a".lIaW. fe, a nemi"al cha,.. a' mG"y 
cempv. 1M. effie .. , .OM! fr ..... 11 , .. ",10, .... e""Ie" . 

TiCk.i. 
1.111l1li1. It: 

UCSD Arts & Lectures Box Office 

The Magic Flute 

Bergman Directs a Classical Success 
by Daolet Shawler 

ArtsEdJtor 

The most unusual, and perhaps 
the most difficult, effort of Igmar 
Bergman is his latest, "The Magic 
Flute." The result of a lifelong 
ambition of Bergman's, the film is 
based on the opera by libretist 
Emmanuel Schikaneder and 
composer W. A. Mozart, which 
debuted in 1791. 

The opera is nothing more than 
an overgrown and often confusing 
fa iry tale. Tamino, and his buf-
foonical companion Papageoo, are 
sent by the Queen of the Night to 
rescue her daughter, Pamina, 
from the hands of Sarastro. 
Through a series of plot com-
plications, it is discovered that 
Sarastro is Pamina's father. In 
addition, we see that the Queen of 
the Night only wants Pamina so 
she can rule the world. (The 
relationship between these two 

facts is left unclear.) Of course, in 
the end, as in most operas, the 
tenor get3 his woman (Wlually a 
soprano) and all live happily ever 
after. 

n the subject matter is a tyPical 
Bergman, the production itself 
showed every evidence of 
Bergman's geniWl. The film setting 
is a traditional opera theatre, but 
many times it shifts almost im-
perceptably into a set that is too 
complicated for the legitimate 
stage. 

Bergman also makes use of the 
stage lighting to achieve color 
effects. The forces of evil, such as 
the Queen of the Night, are often 
shaded blue, whereas the forces of 
good, such as Sarastro, are shaded 
red, Tamino was supposed to be 
exceedingly handsome -- the 
women constantly caressing his 
face - and probably because of 
that he is never shown with any 
such shading. 

San Diego Symphony 
Plays Arabian Love Story 

Lorin Hollander (left) will loin Maeltro Peter Erol .nd the San 
Diego Symphony in Saint-Soenl' FNth Piano Concerto. Here he II 
seen with Ituclentl in New Yon. 

Pianist Lorin Hollander will be the featured soloist with the San Diego 
Symphony Thursday and Friday at 8 pm in the San Diego Civic Theatre. 
At the age .of 31, Hollander is celebrating his 20th anniversary on the 
concert stage. He will perform Saint-Saens' "Piano Concerto No.5 in F 
Major, Op. 103." 

The program will open with Maestro Peter Eros conducting Dvorak's 
"Scherzo Capriccioso, D flat Major, Op. 66" and will conclude with 
Rlmsky-Korsakov's symphonic suite "Scheherazade." 

Hollander will appear with 20 major orchestras in the US and Canada 
thIS season before departing for a tour of Europe and the Far East in the 
SP~tng . Last swnmer he appeared with great distinction at the New York 
PhIlharmonic Promenade Concerts and in Italy before opening the 
Chautauqua Festival. 

H~lIander was the first pianist ever to give street concerts in New York" 
plaYing an electronic concert grand in East Harlem and in the Queens. 
lie Inaugurated an experimental program in Dayton, Ohio during a one-
week period with visits, chats, performances and discussions for 
rlcmenta ry, junior and senior high students. 

Student tickets will be available at the Civic Theatre Box Office an hour 
ix'fore the concert begins. 

The music, as performed by the 
Swedish State Broadcasting 
Network Symphony under the 
baton of Eric Ericson, is fitting to 
the opera. There is nothing 
brilliant and flashy in the per-
formance, just steady, dignified 
music of the style that befits the 
classical era. 

The actors, also, are steady, but 
unspectacular. All the major leads, 
except Sarastro, possess functional 
voices which are put to good use by 
Bergman; his voice is too weak to 
convincingly carry ·the authority 
the character demands. The 
musical accolades must be 
reserved (or a trio of lesser parts, 
the handmaids of the Queen of the 
Night. Opening the movie by 
saving Tamino from the dragon, 
and intermittently springing up 
throughout the opera, they sinr 
exquisitely together, and almost ru 
well alone. 

There are only two major 
criticisms of "The Magic Flute." 
One, Bergman's translation of the 
libretto from German into 
Swedish, is, unfortunately, a 
common practice, and is not 
considered to be offensive by many 
people. The other, however, is 
more serious. Parts of the film 
bordered on the tedious, not 
because of the opera itself, but 
because of some unimaginativ.e 
direction by Bergman. Opera does 
not have universal appeal, and to 
the person uninitiated in opera, 
who might have come because 
Bergman's name is on the film, 
some parts could conceivably be 
very tiresome. 

When all things are put in their 
proper perspective, though, it must 
be said that Igmar Bergman 
generally succceeds in making his 
lifelong dream a reality. 

Auditions 
Open fot 

,Brecht Drama 
Open auditions for the UC San 

Diego Drama Department 
production, "The Good Woman of 
Setzuan " by Bertolt Brecht will be 
held Wednesday and Thursday 
night at 7:30 in MC 409. The play 
was designed to be an entertaining 
parable for the theatre. 

According to Professor Michael 
Addison, director of the produc-
tion, it is concerned with the dif· 
ficulties faced by a young woman 
who is trying to survive in the 
business world as a tobacco 
merchant. The elementary conflict 
is between her need to survive and 
her wish to share with others. In 
the end, she has to invent a fic-
ticious cousin and to disguise 
herself as that cousin in order to 
become hard and selfish." 

The costumes for the play will be 
designed by Deborah Dryden and 
the scenery will be created by 
Robert Morgan from the American 

. Conservatory Theatre. 

UC San Diego presents 

Joseph Chaihins 's production of 

I 

wrille" by ~ ......... 
.. 
. . . a m08t important even," The ViJla~e Voice 

g ,. Swcdag, ~ 18 
lftalCda6 AudiIa1dwtt 

TlCKET : UC 0 Box Office 452-4090 UC 0 T 2.50 GA 

PageS 

Records 

SIREN Limns Decline of 
Love; Mitchell Pratfalls 

by SIeve Esmedina 
Staff Writer 

SIREN. Roxy Music. Ateo. 

Bryan Ferry is the only rock 
artist who I would not hedge to 
label a "genius." Among the 
various strains of rock visionary 
currently in creating order, 
whether it be the poet-laureate 
rDylan , Simon, Mitchell , 
Newman ), the populist 
schizophrenic (Lennon), the an-
drogynous chameleon (Bowie, 
Reed ), or the manufactured myth-
monger (Springsteen . 
Townshend), Ferry is the only one 
who has created a body of work 
that can be appreciated for its Bryan Ferry of Roxy Music. 
mWlical cleverness, lyrical focus, and developed conceptual personality 
without having to be rationalized nostalgically or elegaically. 

Every project that Ferry has been associated with is unmistakably his, 
He is a self-centered, strategic artist who is very precise about the 
amount of intellectual and emotional tension he wants his music to sti r. 
He lacks the naivety which has been a hallmark of most important rock 
songwriters. Total aplomb and sophistication are Ferry's constants. 

" Siren," Ferry's fifth album with Rox y Music is his most direct, in-
tense, and personalized album yet. It is a disconcerting experience at 
first because it has less of Roxy's cha nneled eccentricities than before. 
The manic stylistic fluctuations of the first two albums have been sub-
dued, and the lush, a tmospheric textures of "Stranded" have been 
cooled, tapered. Even more than "Country Life, " the arrangements are 
straight-ahead, and for the first time, the ostensible aesthetic goal ot a 
Roxy Music album seems to be immediacy. 

Paradoxically, my first response was polarization. But what I mistook 
to be a commercial orientation in the cleanliness of "Siren's" 
arrangements actually promoted the proper response: dIstance. Like 
any great a rtist, Ferry thrives on surprise. And the surprise of "Siren" is 
that Ferry has narrowed down the'lyrical focus to the point of mythIC-
autobiogra phy. No sermons on Texas as the " ew J~rsua lem, " no 
dances of doom, no denunciations of fallen idols. Ferry is dealing ex-
clusively with himself this time, and "Siren" is hi deliberation on the 
notion of love. 

As Greil Marcus points out in this week's " Village Voice," the songs on 
the new albwn trace a young hustler 's odyssey from cynicism to 
romance. Fcrry's hermetic focus opens him up to us , allows us to see the 
romantic behind th peSSImistic veneer. The album's opener, " Love Is 
The Drug;' is the psychological tone setter. This combination bump-
tango finds Ferry playing the amorous swinger, deriding the toll of the 
bells and staking his place in the single 's bar : ("Jump Up Bu~ble 
Up/What's In Store/Love Is The Drug/And In Need To Score"). The rest 
of the songs trace this lover's soured revelations-about love's tran-
sitoriness ("The Wisdom of Love/It must go wrong"); the futility of 
romantic commitment ("Marriages made in heaven/Can they survive in 
this life" ); the attractiveness of pragmatic sex ("She Sells/I need" ); and 
the need for temporary affection ("I'm just another jaded guy/Claiming 
that love was another high"). On "Siren, " the love-worn pessimist's 
decline is charted so deftly and poignantly that the album can be con-
s idered a philosophical soundtrack to " Carnal Knowledge." 

Because the progression Ferry takes on "Siren" is so linear and 
straight-forward, it seems appropriate that the music is honed and at-
tentuated to accent his lyrical persona. Ferry's musicians are excellent 
at executing his oblique, devilish textures : Phil Manzanera 's whining 
guitar harmonics; Andy Mackay 's cross-breed of Boots Randolph and 
Albert Ayler; and Edltie Jobson 's ubiquitous synthesizer treatments all 
contribute to maintain the mannered quirkiness that is the band 's 
strongest feature. If this is Roxy Music's most accessible record it could 
be because it is their most precise; psychologically and musically. With 
any luck it'll be a hit. 

THE HISSING OF SUMMER LAWNS. Joni Mitchell. Asylum 

Joni Mitchell has been threatening a total disaster like this for so long 
that it 's almost a relief that she finally produced it. This is her " Artistic 
Statement" record in much the same way that " Astral Weeks" is Van 
Morrison's. The biggest difference is that where Morrison conjures up 
romantic ambiguity , Mitchell only conjure overweight verbosity. The 
other, more subtle difference is that Morrison's musicians on " Weeks. " 
Richard Davis, Jay Berliner, John Payne. and Connie Kay created dark, 
brooding, s inuous textures to accompany the singer's poetic ramblings. 
" Hiss ing" has Tom Scott and The Crusader r ummaging through their 
most tiresome funkifized noodlings . The results are predictable 
dcspairing. 

BEER WINE 
RAVIOU 

MANICOTTI SALADS SANDWICHES VEAL 
Phone: 481-9888 

Italian Delicatessen & Restaurant 

HOURS 
Sot-5- 12 pm 
Sun-5-11 pm 

Mon-5-11 pm 
011 Camino del Mar. IV& ·1 1-11 pm 

D I Wed- ll - ll pm e Mar, Ca. 92104 Thurs-11 -1 I Pf!' 
MONDAY NIGHT 

" SPECIAL" 
Spoghetli , Solod & Gorlic Breod $1 .25 

Pilcher of Beer - 99 cents 
I, Litre of Wine - 99 cenls 

Fri- l1 -12 pm 



0/ 

Pale. 

SAVE UP TO 
UROPI, rom

'
299* 

2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 wk,. 
APR.-OO·. '76 

Over 915 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEAts on long 
and IUI1Imef' flights 10 
book today for '76 
.... r'" "-- I , _II, 

291-8141 

~"" lI.lIoy-fquffablt Bldg 
1333 C_!no .llio South 

lD .. CA 9210a 
• Minimum fare which ri... d.· 
pendent on dole & l""fIth of flit • • 

GSU ••• 
Saltman added that " all but two 

chairpersons report their graduate 
students feel the stike may be 
inappropriate... They say that 
their brothers an~ sisters are being 
oppressed but they don't know who 
these people are." 

00515 offers effective reading, 
notetaking and study skills groups, 
Winter Quarter 1/ 12/ 76. Sign up at 
250 N-I:. or call 452·3760. 

DAVID BOWIE 
CAT STEVENS 
Tickets Available at 

, San Diego Ticket Soles 
273·4567 

w. hove the only good seo's In town 

• rI.c .. 1101(~ 
Survival. .. 
most Americans have not faced up economic resources, pressures for 
to the serious contradictions in more social planning and world-
their value system or paid much wide demands for redistribution 
attention to the limits of abun- will be the principal questions 
dance, the perSistence of poverty. before the next generatioo. As 
We have not been forced to con- Doris Kearrul pointed out, 20 per 
front perpetually our basic dlf- cent of the American people reap 
ferenct!8 or to think seriously about almost 42 per cent of our annual 
redistributing economic and social national income. Less ~n 8 per 
advantages on a basis other than cent of the world's population, we 
competition. Always, with the consume nearly half the globe's 
exception of the Civil War, there wealth. This is surely the darkest 
seemed to be enough room or aspect of America's quest for in-
sufficient resources to compromise dividual fulfillment at home and 
differences and console the . abroad. 
vanquished. Losers, we assumed Can we continue to operate and 
could become winners, elsewhere defend a social system which 
in American time and space. stresses, equality of opportunity, 

Such comfortable assumptions but does so at the expense of 
are now being put to their severest equality of condition? For that 
test in 200 years. How long these matter, will the rest of mankind 
unique American values and in- tolerate a continuation of our af-
stitutional arrangements can fluent, " imperial"; world role 
survive in . the face of scarce except under such military duress 

Wedaelday, Jaauary 1, 1I7a 

as would . undermine the' strong 
remnants of belief at home in 
pluralism, . federaltsm and In-
dividualism? Will it prove POSSible 
in the century ahead to avoid the 
fate of that luckllllll Vietnamese 
hamlet whose attackers 
(Americans among them ) 
declared, in defending the In-
defensible, that it was necessary to 
destroy the community in order to 
save it? 

Of course, there is an alternative 
future: we could as a people, 
among whom the s pirit of 
generosity and sympathy has not 
been wholly absent , surrender 
gracefully a large measure of our 
own individualism and enter a' new 
state of social development with 
each other and with the world, one 
based upon mutual sacrifice and 
soc~1 c~ration. 

. . . 

TRiTON TiMES ClAssiFiEd Ads 
• SERVICES 

Colleyiale research aids·lhousands on file. 
Send $1 for your 160 page ma,l order calalog . 
Research Assislance, 11322 Idaho Ave N206 
Los Angeles , CA 90025 . 213·477·8474. (1/19) 

Are you adopled? Seeking nalural parenlS? 
232-6510.or P,O, 33272 SO 921 03 , (1 /7) 

Tonighl 6:30 American Sign Lan. class. 
disabled sludenl cenler. Allinviled (1/7) 

Bio /chem clinic opens nexl Monday, Hours 
are : Sun 7·10, Mon Ihru Thur 12·5, and 7.10, 
and Frl 12-3. 

Need exIra Income? Make $1 2-over $25 each 
CLIPPING newspaper Items, Delalls free. 
Wrile : Clipping Box24791A7 Seattle, Wash 
98124 (1/19) 

Typisl · IBM term paper / thesis / d Isser· 
talions/etc. Editing/rush jobs/Xerox 560-
8171 (3/12) 

Error! The Blc/chem clinic opens next 
Monday, January 12, at 12:00 noon, (1/7) 

For renl . Pre-moo Psych studenl wants to 
share 3 Bdrm 08 house with a humanistic 
healthmlnded married couple, House is 
clean . and light, well located, has a lawn , 
large plantable yard and much more. Your 
5200 includes all utlls except phone. No 
children or pels, please, Call Shalom 222-
7195 Mess· 270-1059 (1 19) 

Roommate wanted share room 167 month 
Incl utll. nonsmoker755·7890 Del Mar (I / 7) 

Wanted : male roommate 87.50 /M 488-6710 
eves, (1112) 

2 people needed to share masterbedrm own 
bath. view of canyons sao a person 1 mile to 
UCSD 452·9568 (1/7) 

Roommate wanted to share 2Br apt in 
Clai rmont 10 min . from shcooi , quiel non-
smoker M/F $120 mo call John after 4 pm 
560-5627 (1/7) 

Femaie roommate needed to share house 
own room and bath ocean view Cardiff 753-
1551 after 6 pm (119) 

Oynaco 120 AMP factory buill, used 1 day 
$150 or offer, Large 12" plus horn speakers 
$t20/offer 753-7621 (11 7) 

67' Muslang rebuilt 289 (11 :1) , L60's . mags, 
Shel by. Holley, Malory, cust. susp " AM.FM , 
elect. tack , etc. 435·4938 (119) 

4 can sleep , $1000, Must sell before leaving 
USA , Urgent. 755-9032 or X3184 (1/7) 

VW·camper, '62 body 75 engine , Iransm & 
l ires , Full camperequlpmt: stove, sink , waler 
lank·lce box. (117) 

1972 Suzuki 185 cc rebulll engine rebuilt 
carburetor. Runs excellent 452,00 Mike 453-
9663 (1114) 

For sale: Z)" Centurian Le Mans , good 
condition equipped tor touring, SIlO call 
Debbie, 755·9259(1/7) 

House sale: Frig. $35, 2 sofas, chairs, 
dressers . mattresses , dishes, elc. 12-6 Sal. 
Jan to or call 755·3497 . or call 453-9638 and 
ask forJanle (11 7) 

Gltane Inl ... club bicycle; 1 yr old, good 
• condition; 24 In frame, new tires ; $120 _. call 

756·2826 after 6 (1/7) 
Books for sale-Ochem (Morrison & Boyd). 
Pchem. genetics, malh , Spanish , art . 
his tory, drama , Call Steve · 755-7219 (1/9) 
Schwinn to speed good cheap ask for 
Damien In TT office (1/9) 
Spalding tennis racquet : S15 , Call Dan at 
X3466, (117) 

1970 Impela custom full power, Air condo 
good condition $1 ,000 582-2111 evenings 
(1/7) 

WANTEd 
2 tickets to Bowie concert call eves 452·9149 
ask for Cindy (1/7) 

Will pay lap $ for two tickets to Gene Wilder 
Friday nigh/! Call Chrlsllne after 6 al 291· 
7509 Ihanks (117) 

Need extra cash? Buying old U,S, coins. Also 
buying U,S. sliver coins minted before 1965. 
Ken 453·7924 , (3/12) 

PERSONALs 
I am white , 30. female. I will be visiting San 
Diego in Feb. DeSire meeting people to share 
In terests, Write Roberta Breitmore c/o 3007 
Jackson San Franclsc0941 15 (1/7) 

,LOST & ' FOUNd 
Lost : a sltver watch with stretc h wrls(band 
about an Inch wide vic , Rev, cafe or Muir 2A 
452·0913 (1/7) 

Lost : "Annie" gold choker around sand 
volleyball CQUrt relurn to TT office sen· 
timental reason , (1/7) 

Lost : Fowles analytical mechanics in HSS, 
My name Is In front. Call 453-8851, Robert or 
leave message (1/7) 

Last : womans gold wristwatch , Somewhere 
Revelle campus, Mon morn , Please call 
Chery l 273-5462 (1/7) 
Reward for blck , & twwn , fem. cat. Please 
hold ti l call Owen day 452 Info , Nite 452'()386 
Late return to 40590 Mira Mar Old Mesa ~o\ . 
(1 f7) 

-------------CAMpUS PROGRAM BOARd------------... 

.... -----WiNTER QUARTER FiLMS 191 
Friday Nights 

... 

'Saturday Nights 
Jan. 9 Sherlock Holme's Smarter Brother _ MCA 7:30 Jan. 10 Stavisky USB 2722 7:30 

directed by Gene Wilder (Man deville) 10:00 w/ Jean·Paul Belmondo 
Jan. 16 King of Marvins Gardens USB 2722 7:30 directed by Alain Resnais Jan. 17 Images wi Jack Nicholson, Ellen Burstyn, Bruce Oern 
[Jan. 23 A Touch of Class USB 2722 7:30 Virgin and The Gypsy USB 2722 7:30 

w/ George Segal, Glenda Jackson Both directed by Robert Altman 

IJan. 30 Monty Python and the Holy Grail MCA 7:30 - Jan. 24 Amarcord directed by Federico Fellini MCA 7:30 
1974 Academy Award winner Best Foreign Film 

Feb. 6 Murder on the Orient Express USB 2722 7:30 Jan. 31 Woman Under the Influence USB 2722 7:30 
!Feb. 13 Casablanca 

w/ PeterFalk and Gena Rowlands 
USB 2722 7: 30 directed by John Cassavetes 

To Have and Have Not Feb. 7 Memories of the USB 2722 7:30 
lIlondie Johnson Underdevelopment 

IFeb. 20 The Conversation USB 2722 7: 30 Feb. 14 The Boys in the Band USB 2722 7:30 
w/ Gene Hackman 

d rected bY,Francis Ford Coppola Feb. 21 Day for Night MCA 7:30 
Feb. 27 Brothers and Sisters in COncert MCA 7:30 directed by Francois Truffaut 

NI Curtis Mayfield, Gladys Knight and the Pips, 
the Temptations, Roberta Flack Feb. 28 Fireman's Ball USB 2722 7:30 

Mar. 5 Phantom of the Paradise USB 2722 7:30 
Mar. 6' The BaHle of Algiers USB 2722 7:30 

Mar. 12 Steelyard Blues USB 2722 7:30 . 
wi Jane Fonda, Donald Sutherland Mar. 13 Going Places MCA 7:30 Tom Jones 

w/ Albert Finney directed by Bertrand Blier 
1963 Academy Award Best Picture 

$1 - Tickets sold only at _ II.I:~! Ctr. Box Office 

wedae-' Jaaury7, 11'71 • r'.oll f'II1('S 
Cunningham Throws Out Book 
Squad Struck by Ineligibility, Coach Forced to Improvise on the Road 

by DaveFJIea 
sports EdItor. 

With just three games remaining 
before conference play begins, 
Triton basketball coach Barry 
CUMingham is ~lanning . so!De 
experiments to fmd a . WIMlDg 
combination for UC San Diego. 

As the Tritons go on a one-week 
three-day road trip starting Friday 
nig ht, Cunningham has decided to 
throw out the normal 2-guards, 2-

forwards,l~enter line-up. 
" I'm going to experiment, and 

just go with the five best players at 
once, no matter what their 
position. lf we end up with four 
guards on the floor who are hot, 
that's fine. I'm going to use the five 
best. " 

With forward Lee Brockett the 
fifth 'Triton player to be deemed 
ineligible, UCSD is down to the 
bare minimums, from what once 
seemed to be the best squad in the 
school's history. 

Five of the best players 
remaining are guards: Mallory 
Mitchell, Tony Moore, Ken Melvin, 
Eric Finkle, and Bart Bradley. It 
is possible that a number of them 
might be on the floor at once. 

Mark Dobransky, the team's top 
rebounder and third best scorer 
from his forward spot will continue 
to see a lot of action. 

" We'll also use what we call 
Celtic offense. This will make us 
less predictable ' and more pass 
oriented. Defensively, we'll go to a 
2-2-1 zone press much of the time." 

After losing eight of its first 11 
games and losing at least four 
possible starters to scholastic 
ine ligibility, Cunningham felt that 
it was time for a change or two. 

Coach Cunningham sends guard Ken Melvin back into pIa, with 
floor strategy . The Tritons have been losing, but Cunningham 
has a plan. 

One of UCSD's three wins came 
at the expense of LIFE Cgllege, 
117-27. and the Tritons will face 
LIFE again Friday in Los 
Angeles. The other two road 
matches will be at L A Baptist and 

Ambassador College next week. 
Cunningham hopes the ex-

perimenting will be over by 
January 17, when UCSD host.<; 
undefeated Cal Baptist in the 
conference opener. 

Andy Skief Looking for Disciplined 
Tracksters; Meeting This Thursday 

I M Refs Needed; 
Captains Meet 

Six more captain's meetings and 
a referee's meeting remain in the 
opening week of intramural action 
for the winter quarter. 

Andy Skief is looking for a few 
good men and women. 

The UC San Diego track coach, 
who doubles as assistant athletic 
director, Is anxiously searching for 
bodies, as he attempts to recon-
struct the once active squad. 

" Mainly, we're concerned with 
furthering the track and field 
excellence for those who have 
come out of high school and wish to 
continue. I want to make sure that 
anyone in that position knows that 
we have a program and the 
fa cilities. " 

Anyone who goes out for track 
and field will make the team, as 
there is no cutting but Skief em-
phasizes that he' doesn't want 
"Vanishing people , the ones who 
come out for half a season and then 
disappear." . 

The players who have already 
shown interest in joining the squad 
are presently out recruiting more. 
"We want more players to come 
out, but we certainly don't want 
athletics to interfere with 
academics for anybody. It takes a 
person with discipline to be in a 
sport and get all his work done 
too ." ' 

There will be a meeting for aU 
POtential trackmen and women 
tomorrow night in the P E 

C~assroom, at 7 pm. Conditlooinf, 
Will then start ~iately, going 

Summer Jobs 
Al umni 

V ocation Center 

Apply in Person 

507 Me 
Jail 5 - Jan 31 

, 

through January and February. 
Skief, along with his assistant, 

Don Strebel, have scheduled 
triangular relays and invitationals 
for March. 

In the meantime, Skief, Strebel 
and the participants already out, 
are lookirig for a few good men and 
women to make the UCSD track 
program go. 

Andy Sidef (n Photo: NatMn 
Me,. r. ) 

The rec gym conference room 
will be the scene of captain's 
meetings for coed kickball, today, 
Hawaiian football and I'pitch 
softball tomorrow, and men's, 
coed, and pee wee (5'10" and un-

.der) basketball Friday. 
The heads of each team will 

divide the squads into leagues and 
form the schedules for the season: 
Actual play will begin next week. 

Due to the abundance of teams in 
all sports expected to sign up for all 
sports, more referees are needed 
by the intramural department. A 
meeting fo r interested refs is 
planned for Saturday at 10 am in 
the rec gym conference room. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS' 
There will be 0 meeting tonight of 
the American Sign Language Class 
in the Disabled Studenl Center nexi 
to the Revelle Commons, 

You are inviled to join in a creat ive 
Shabbot celebration Friday at 6:30 
pm in Ihe Student Center lounge, 
Together we w ill enjoy dinner, 
singing , poelry and dancing. Bring 
a friend and be wilh US i n this 
sensitive evening , Sponsored by 
Friends from the Union of Jewish 
Students. 

t 
HANSEN SURFBOARDS 

of Encinitas 
Skiing, Surfing, Backpacking, Tennis 

oFFENSiVE 
by Scott Sadil 

The Run-On Bowl 

Page 7 

It was a cool, drizzly, December evening, the kind that always reminds 
me of San Francisco even though I have never been there, an~ I had just 
finished reading " Farewell To Arms" again and I thought that I could get 
lonely because J did not have anything to do and I live alone in a mansion 
so I turned on the television to watch a little football with USC in the 
Liberty Bowl because it would be McKay's last game as the Trojans 
coach and I find big , fast, running-backs like Ricky Bell very exciting and 
I am from southern California so " what the heck" I thought to myself and 
sat down in my directors chair in front of the TV with a variety of 
ingestibles at my side that make football that much more interesting 
especially with the sound turned off 

and SC did nollet me down but it was their defense that beat favored 
Texas A&M because Bell got less than one hundred yards even though 
Vince Evans passed the ball decently for the first time this season which 
is expected against a bunch of Aggies playing all those cool studs that 
McKay recruit.<; 

but no matter how cool they are the game got boring the second half so I 
thought about how nice a white Christmas would be for playing football if 
you could only do away with the snow and I flipped the channel over to 
watch the Sun play the Fiesta in the Pittsburgh Kansas Nebraska Arizona 
State Bowl that was won easily by the Fiestas even though, despite what 
the name might lead one to believe, no Mexicans played but that is 
nothing new and even though Arizona is close to the border they still went 
undefeated this year which tells you something about a lot of things in-
cluding who made up the Sun game that had no chance with a couple of 
four-time losers 

which can not be said about the Gator Bowl that the game's namesake, 
the Florida Gators, ironically lost to serve them right for participating in 
such a dull game on My television and made me miss the Peach Bowl 
which wa s the next day and probably more exciting but J was tired and 
had better things to do than watch a dumb old football game so I could not 
watch both 

with the Cotton, Rose and Orange Bowls coming up after a ew Years 
Eve that I will certainly forget because a directors chair is a hell of a 
place to tell the woman of your dreams that is 2 500 miles away and not 
li stening anyway that you love her even if you are watching football so 
you can see why Bear Bryant's first win in eight years for Alabama in a 
bowl game did not mean much to me even if it was over Penn State right 
before UCLA did what by now everyone knows they did in the " Grand-
daddy Of Them All " Bowl that really did live up to its name unless of 
course you were from Ohio which would have made Oklahoma's Orange 
Bowl victory over Michigan some sort of consolation because Buckeyes 
do not get along very well with Wolverines and the Sooners are not a bad 
team to have for a national champion 

Which is a heck of a lot more than the Rams are right now after blowing 
their chance in one of the many non-bowl games that I might have 
watched but no one will ever know because hardly anybody has seen me 
since it was a cool, dritzly, December evening and now the sun is out and 
it is wann sometimes and it is January and my ass and insides and my 
head got very very tired somewhere along the line from supposedly 
watching a little football so I got up from my directors chair, walked over 
to the television set, turned off the game that I had been watching for 
what seemed like a long long time, sighed, and I am not going to watch 
anymore football this year and that includes the Super Bowl unless, of 
course, it begins to look like a good game. 



.... e. 

FiDanclal Aid Seuloaa 
Third College Fimmcial Aid Help 

Sessions will be held for 1976-77 
applications. Beginning today at 
7: 30 pm, three other sessions will 
tomorrow at 10 am, Jan. 13 at 7:30 
pm and Jan. 15 at 3:30 pm. All 
sessions will be held at Third 
College in the lounge area. 

Financial Aid DeadliDe 
The last day to apply for 

financial aid for the Winter 
Quarter is Friday. Applications 
and instructions are available in 
the Student Financial Services 
Office. 

Sea FUm Series 
"Last of the Great Sea Dogs," a 

film about the high-sea episodes of 
Capt. Irving Johnson and Capt. 
Dwight Long, will come to San 
Diego in a five part lecture and 
film series beginning Jan. 18. 

The first performance of the 
series will feature Capt. Irving 
Johnson narrating "Around Cape 
Horn," a film he made in 1929 
aboard the three-masted square-
rigged schooner, Peking. 

" Lost Generation" film 
A free film about Gertrude Stein, 

Alice B. Toklas and members of 
the "Lost Generation" will be 
shown in Del Mar at the St. Peter's 
Episcopal Church. The film is 
entitled "When This You See, 
Remember Me" and will be 
presented ' Friday at 8 pm. The 
church is located on Parish Lane in 
DelMar. 

Local Crime Rises 
Serious crime in San Diego rose 

from 38,526 occurences to 44,793 

New York ... 

occurences during the first nine 
months of 1975, an increase of 16.2 
percent. This compares with an 11 
percent increase in serious crimes 
natio~widt. 

Federal statistics showed that 
"all categories were up in San 
Diego over the same period of 1974 
except murder and non-negligent 
homicide, which decreased from 52 
cases last year to 46 this year from 
January through September." 

Other figures showed a climb in 
forcible rapes from 147 to 177, 
robbery cases rose from 1372 to 
1669, aggravated assaults in-
creased from 998 to 1034. Incidents 
of burglary were up from 9,607 to 
11,638, larcenies from 22,732 to 
26,225 and motor vehicle theft from 
3,618 to 4004. 

The San Diego figures, reported 
by US Atty. Gen. Edward Levi, 
"followed the trent of nationwide 
statistics, but reports on crime in 
other California cities formed a 
more mixed pattern.' ~ 

Freedom Train Due Here 
The Freedom Train, a traveling 

museum bearing items of 
American history, will make a stop 
in San Diego Jan. 14-18. The train 
will be open to the public from 8 am 
to 10 pm during its stay. 

The Freedom Train will be 
stationed at Mira Mar Naval Air 
Station, and while no private 
automobiles will be allowed on the 
base, special buses will shuttle 
visitors to the train from sites in 
Mira Mesa, Kearny Mesa and 
Mission Valley. Roundtrip bus 
tickets cost 50 cents for the bus 
ride. Admission to the train is $2 
for adults and $1 for students and 
senior citizens. 

Tickets are available at the four 
area Sears' stores. 

Del Mar ••• 
Polf a Clear Mandate 

Councilperson John Weare and 
Mayor Rypinski agreed that the 
vote on the poll was a clear 
mandate for limiting density to 9 
units per acre. Council person Tom 
Pear!\on, along with Council-
persons Shepard and Hoover 
supported the 18 unit per acre 
proposal. Pearson said that the 
council is not bol.U1d by law to 
follow the results of the poll. 

Furthermore, Pearson ex-

Nancy Hoover 
plained, the council must consider 
the wording of the questions on the 
poll as well as the poll's results, 
because the question and density 
bonuses did not distinguish bet-
ween the issues of whether Del Mar 
should provide low cost housing, 
and what the density of the North 
Beach area should be. The council 
reaffirmed its stand of last week 
after alternative proposals made 
by Councilpersons Hoover and 
Shepard failed to get a majority of 
the council vote. 

In an executive session of the 
City Council Monday night, City 
Attorney Roger Hedgecock ad-
vised the City Council that he 

Actually, it wasn't that bad. I had the couch, Bruce had the floor, and would probably run for the third 
the cockroaches had the walls . It was all very comfortable. district seat on County Board of 

Furnald Hall was not unlike the dorms at UCSD. The people were not Supervisors. " I wanted to give the 
too crazy, but enough to keep thmgs interesting. Many were from the council a chance to · get another 
outer reaches of New York, a few from downtown New York and even City Attorney or set up guidelines 
fewer from out of state. Three fifth year seniors lived on the floor as well for me while I am campaigning for 
as an ~bundance of pre-meds. It was interview and rejection time, so the election," Hedgecock ex-
neurosIs was a common denominator among them. plained. 

~ur final evening their was ?ne of those all night sessions only good The council voted 4-1 to retain 
friends stay awake for. It was fmals week for the Columbia and Barnard Hedgecock as city attorney while 
College people, but it didn't seem to matter. We remained awake till he is campaigning. Hedgecock said 
dawn, talking, joking, singing, bullshitting. he plans to phase out his legal 

I guess that's what New York was all about and what made it worth work, not his job as city attorney to 

CIA ••• 
altitude photos of bomb damage in 
Vietnam and was regularly visited 
by CIA people in 1969 and 1970. 

Scripps during World War II was 
a key war research center. Its 
Marine Physical Laboratory was 
formed in 1946 from the old 
University of California War 
Research Division, which had 
been, along with Harvard 
University, one of two centers 
developing sonar. 

UnJnterrupted Research 
Anderson and Nierenberg said 

classified research has continued 
without interruption there since 
the war. 

"This country would have been 
in real trouble if it hadn't been for 
the Office of Naval Research, 
because for years nobody else was 
supporting basic research in this 
country." 

Wedllelday, Jaaaary 7,1171 

Many ONR grara even today 
have no evident miUtary a~ 
plication, though Scripps scientists 
say the ONR and other defense 
agencies are more and more 
getting away from fundin g 
research as the National Science 
Foundation and other nonmilitary 
sources of funds continue to grow. 

And ·if the defense agencies do 
need scientific development of 
weaponry. they turn to private 
industry for it, says Ed Lange, a 
Scripps scientist working on an 
ONR grant studying the in-
teraction of air and ocean for 
weather forecasting and storm 
predicting. 

I can't think of any project at 
UCSD," Lange says, apparently 
unaware · of the antisubrnarine 
grants at the l\1arine Physical 
Laboratory, "that is directly 
military. It's just the agencies that 
fund them that give them that 
character. " 

saving. make time for campaigning. ~---------------~~~~~~~~~~ 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

r 

Icpb 
I . ' 

KEITH Unique ... one of the best jazz pianists you' ll ever hear .. .. 
ROLLING STONE JARRET !1411.16 
~~WT uesZ) Ii,· 

KEITH 8 'BOp. 
JARRET' . 
~B Ue.SZ) ··St.~. 

14.50 fj..A&e((J(J'e 
INFO: 452 - 4090 

Ti:kets :TlCKETRON OUTlETS,UCSD BOX OFFICE 


