
• WedDHday, AprUZI,lJ'2I 

Mandell On Chargers: Some Banks Phase Out Student Loans 
"I Had To Get Involved" GSLs Not Profitable For Banks To Maintain W~en Students Default 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports Editor 

In what he called "one of the toughest ordeals of my life," UC San 
Diego's Arnold Mandell yesterday explained his position on his book Tbe 
Nightmare Season-an expose on his life with the San Diego Chargers 
professional football team 

Mandell, a UCSD professor and cochairman of the psychiatry depart-
ment, spoke at the San Diego Press Club in Mission Valley before a 
standing-room-only audience of reporters. 

His bOok which was available in bookstores last week, dealt with life on 
the San Di~go Chargers, whose management had requested his services 
as team psychiatrist for a season. 

Yesterday's news conference 
was the first time Mandell has met 
with members of the press to 
discuss his book and the Chargers 
since news leaked out in February 

Eisen will interview Mandell 
Monday, and prepare a report for 
next week. 

that he had written about the use of 
drugs by members of the football 
team. 

Mandell said he wrote ttie book 
as an outlet for the pain and suf-
fering he incurred that season, 
when he saw Charger players 
taking drugs throughout the year. 
He said, "I spent much of my time 

, counseling the players against 
( smoking marijuana, and taking 

other narcotics." 
Dying Sport 

Before becoming team 
psychiatrist, Mandell said he saw 
what was happening to the players 
"because of the junk they were 
taking, and I had to get involved." 

In a statement released to the 
press, Mandell said, "I think 
football may be a dying sport." He 
said football had turned into a war, 
with the philosophy being "success 
at any price." He concluded, "If 
professional football doesn't 
change its metaphysic from war to 
game, it will die. It can be too 
much fun for us to let it do that." 

Mandell was asked abou his 
relationship with former Charger 
General Manager and Head Coach 
Harland Svare. 

Svare, fired after the 1975 
season, had attributed his 
dismissal to statements due to 
come out in Mandell's book. 

"I'm fond of the man," Mandell 
said. " Under today's standards, 
though, he was not a good coach." 

Arnold Mandell 

Six BOA 
Posts Filled 
By Colleges 

Six of the seven positions for the 
Board of Authority (BOA) have 
been filled by an ad hoc committee 
of representatives from the college 
councils, the Student Cooperative 
and EDNA. 

In an interview session held on 
April 22, Carrie Hogue (Revelle), 
Andrew Black (Muir), John 
Thickstun (Fourth), Jeff Fried 
(Graduate Student Council), Dan 
Almour (EDNA) and Matt Gravatt 
(Coop) were chosen to serve on the 
board. 

The Third College representative 
has not been selected yet. 

Final approval must be given 
now by the respective 
organizations, Vice-chancellor and 
Dean of Student Affairs George 
Murphy and Chancellor McElroy. 

by Craig Jackson 
Staff Wrjter 

Five major banks have begun to 
phase out their policies of offering 
guaranteed student loans (GSL) to 
UC San Diego students. 

This change of policy has oc-
curred because an increasing 
number of students do not pay back 
the loans they get. Only two banks, 
Bank of America and Wells Fargo, 
are now providing the services. 

Tally Wickstrom, assistant 
director of the financial aids office, 
said in an interview this week that 
new government policies have 
made it difficult for banks to avoid 

losing money when students 
default on loans. 

Under the GSL or federally in-
sured student loan program, the 
government is supposed to pay 
back the loan if the student fails to 
do so. Lately, however, the 
government has started putting 
more pressure on the banks to 
prove that the loan has actually 
defaulted. 

This means more money and 
manpower spent by the banks 
trying to collect money from 
reluctant students. 

According to Wickstrom, the 
whole GSL program is no longer 

United Farm Workers 
Conduct Petition Drive 

by Cathy Fitzmaurice 
Staff Writer · ' 

In San Diego County, 15,000 p-eople are agricultural workers-many 
working on the large farms in North County. 

This group is just a small part of the large agricul~u~~l ~abo: force 
throughout California with which the farm-workers lO!tlabve IS con-
cerned. The initiative, if passed, would change the Agricultural Labor 
Relations Act of 1975 in several ways. 

Some of the provisions include allowing organizers access to the fields 
during the workers' free time to campaign for their unions and allowing 
workers to drop their current union affiliation through a simple majority 
vote. 

According to the United Fann Workers (UFW), the major force behind 
the current petition drive, some farmworkers were forced or pressured to 
sign with the rival Teamsters Union. 

The initiative, if passed, would make it easier for fannworkers to 
change their minds. 

Money allocated' to carry out the provisions .of the 1975 act was s~nt 
before the year was out, and the legislature did not vote to app~oprIate 
more funds . Election activity has cease<fsince the farm board Virtually 
closed down. 

The initiative states that the legislature automatically will "provide 
appropriations necessary to carry out the act." The initial funding ~as 
insufficient because, according the UFW, there was an unexpectedly high 
number of union elections. 

Last Friday, Joe Smith of the UFW office in San Diego said 500,000 
signatures have been collected state-wide so far, 40,000 of them from San 
Diego. The petition campaign began April 2. . 

In order to put the initiative on the ballot m November, 312,000 
signatures of registered voters are needed. As many signatures are found 
to be invalid because those who signed are not registered voters, many 
more signatures than actually required are co.llected. . 

The UFW has set for itself a goal of 600,000 signatures by Apnl29. 
In addition to those circulating petitions on their own, a team of 15 to 20 

people set out together daily from the San Diego UFW he~dquarters . 
Working from 8 am until 10 pm, they usually stake out shoppmg centers, 
campuses and grocery stores. Says Smith, "volunteers have increased 
significantly since UFW leader Cesar Chavez spoke last week at UCSD 
and State. Chavez has a way with people." 

Smith said college campuses are still more responsive than the rest of 
the community for gathering signatures. He said that while the campus is 
not what it used to be, the people in college are still "more open" than 

Asked how he felt to lose the 
friendship of Svare, who was once 
close to Mandell, the professor 
said, " I don't think I'm willing to 
admit that our friendship is over." 

Marvelous Memory 
many people elsewhere. . , . 

BOA vests control of the student He regretted that many in the South Bay are unable to Sign the petitIOn , 
center in the students who were despite the high support for the UFW in the area, because many of the 
selected, in conjunction with people are either.not citizens or not registered. Mandell admitted to many fabrications in The Nightmare 

Season, saying he often changed 
conversations and moved incidents 
in time to empllasize a point. 

Though some people quoted in 
the book have reportedly told 
Random House, Mandell's 
publisher, that some conversations 
re total fabrications, Mandell 

I.!onsiders them to be essentially 
correct. "I have a marvelous 
memory," Mandell said. 

Mandell appeared nervous 
during the conference, saying he 
felt "almost naked." After he 
finished talking, he asked the 
reporters "if I could leave now." 

center director Mark B~kman. The UFW whiCh now has 5,000 members in San Diego County, had its 
The board is responSible for first meetin'g with San Diego growers last Friday, meeting with seven 
submitting a S~udent C~nter farm owners. The Teamsters have not attempted organizing in San Diego 
budget, for allocat.'~g space l~ ~he . yet, because many of the workers here are not citizens, Smith aid. 
center, supervIsing faCIlity 
maintenance and helping select 
center personnel. 

The question of payment to 
board members has yet to be 
decided, according to EDNA 
representative Almour. He said 
Bob Simon, student co-chairman of 
the registration fee advisory 
committee, is investigating the 
possibility of monetary com-
pensation. 

Almour also said the board 
members have met informally, but 
haven't decided any course:! of 
action yet. 

t "1 
, '1 ~ 

profitable enough for most banks 
to maintain. 

More Cautious 
Bank of America is planning to 

modify its loan program to 
discourage, in effect, students 
from seeking new loans. 
Wickstrom said that Bank of 
America will probably lower the 
present maximum loan rate of 
$2500 annually, and require more 
documentation on individual 
student resources. 

Bank of America has frozen the 
processing of loans this quarter 
while deciding on the changes. A 
new policy and release of the 
suspended loans is expected to be 
announced soon. 

According to Wickstrom, the 
phasing out of the GSL program 
may not be ~ntirely a bad thing. By 
making the loans harder to get, 
students will be more cautious 
about taking on the substantial 
debts involved in such loans. 

Wickstrom 1escribed the GSL 
program as a three-way 
agreement between the student, 
the bank and the government. The 
student's part is to begin repaying 
the loan 90 to 120 days after leaving 
school. Wickstrom said this 
obligation has become much 
harder to fulfill in recent years, 
because students have trouble 
maintaining a steady income in 
today's job market. 

Pushed at UCSD 
Of course, the GSL program is 

not the only way for students to get 
financial help. Loans of various 
kinds are the chief source of aid for 
UCSD students, as opposed to 
grants and scholarships . 
Wickstrom cited the college work-
study program and the National 
Direct Student Loan (NDSL) 
program as alternatives to GSL. 

She said that both these 
programs are being pushed at 
UCSD now that guaranteed student 
loans are being phased out. 

She did say, though, that the 
NDSL program is intended for low-
income families , while the GSL is 
for middle income families who 
would probably be ineligible for 
NDSL. 

Wickstrom characterized the 
whole situation as one of 
"everyone pointing the finger at 
someone else." When students 
default , the government must pay. 
So the government pressures the 
banks, who mu t in turn choo e 
between haranguing the defaulting 
tudents or els backing out of the 

program entirel . 
Banks will not giv loan to 

fr shm n at aU because of their 
high dropout rat from chool. 

Mandell and Random House 
distributed the book to newspapers 
Thursday, asking them to not print 
related stories. or reviews IDltil 
yesterday. Several stories, 
however, appeared in San Diego 
papers prior to yesterday's Press 
Club meeting. 

He is hopeful BOA will be more 
pragmatic than ideological and 
Slid, "it's a great idea, but we have 
to find some way of doing it. " 

HOW'S YOUR LAMBDA WAVE? UCSD undergruates P aul Coh n nd Don Port r 
s t up an electro-en phalogr m machine on R ~ lie Plaza y st rday In n tt mpt 
to Isolate thi elusive brain wave. (1) Coh n adjust th control on th EEG . (r) 
Cohen nd Porter test C rl Geiberg r nd Frank L ad r. (TT ph to : Nathan M y r ) 



A 
significant 
meaningful 
counter-pr oductive 
cognitive 
conceptual(ized) 
individual(ized) 
total 
basic 
dynamic 
developmental(ized) 
(non)verbal 
fWldamental 
responsive 
informal 
gradual 
socio-economic 

B 
viable 
overall 
integrated 
personal 
in-depth 
explorative 
objective 
subjective 
oriented 
ideological 
grouping 
intercurricular 
supportive 
standard (ized ) 
flexible 
intensive 

C 
alternative 
perception 
option 
concept( ualization) 
situation/ position 
factor 
evaluation! review 
environment 
interaction 
relation (ship) 
expression 
approach 
area 
process 
overview 
perspective 

The list is, alas, far from complete, but additional mileage can be ob-
tained by shifting around words from columns A and B, which are for the 
most part interchangeable. I was unable to work in such gems as " in 
terms of" and that desperate, inarticulate, " Y'know?," but these should 
be used wherever possible. 

The amazing thing about these phrases-every one of which un-
doubtedly appears in some UCSD publication and many of which were 
lifted directly from the current catalogue-is -that while appearing to be 
very important indeed, they have no precise meaning at a ll. What is, 
exactly, a "viable supportive environment? .. Two hundred people would 
provide as many definitions, and this is the danger. " Plant" is a fine word 
and a useful one, but if you're sending someone out for a pink rose , you 'd 
better specify or there's no telling what sort of mess you're likely to have 
on your hands. Too often, it seems, the vague words are used where the 
precise ones are needed. The result is an inestimable amount of avoidable 
confusion, difficulty and delay. 

"Words are slippery things," as some talk-show host or other is sup-
DOsed to have said. He would doubtless have found ready agreement from 
a local car dealer who recently had to deal with a literally-minded couple. 
They had been beguiled-by a billboard ad for the new Volare which en-
couraged them to "Get it for a song," so they trilled "Happy Birthday to 
VO\l" and demanded their car. They kept on demanding it, too, until the 
San Diego gendarmerie was called upon to eject them, and an army of 
s ign-painters sent for 11 t o make a few vital changes. 

Certa inly, the gre.lt language debate tends to degenerate into hair-
s plitting and pedantry. But there is much more at stake here than the 
gibberish a bove. An uflnamed contrlbuwl to on offidal report on the 
teaching on E nglish in E ngland (quoted in The Complete Plain Words) 
sums it up splendidl~ : " What a man cannot state he does not perfectly 
know, and conversel:' the inability to put his thoughts into words sets a 
boundary to his thIJ.Jgbt ... English is not merely the medium 6f our 
thought ; it is the very stuff and process of it." 

Takes the words r~ll out of your mouth, doesn't it ? 

The Triton Times IS recognized by the Communications Board of UCSD as the o ff icial 
student newspaper. Publication Is on Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular school year (except on ollicial holidays). Editorial and business o ff ices are 
located in t t 7 Blake Hall on the R8\lelle College campus. Univers ity of California. San 
Otego. 

Leiters to the Editor and oplrnon cOlumns are welcomed . All submissions should be 
typed on 8 7 • • space line on nonerasable paper. They should not exceed three page. in 
length double-spaced. The Triton Times reseMs lhe right to edit submiSSions because 
olsp.ulomitallons Or style requorements . 

For edltoroal , call ~2.J<I66 ; for busines and display advertisements, call 452-3468. 
Entire conten ts cooyrlght t976. Triton Times. 

Wednesday, AprD ZI, 197. 

Letters to the Editor 

Coop Criticism Offers Alternative 
other critics of the Student Coop 

have shared our observations and 
views, but have failed for one good 
reason: they presented no alter-
native student government 
proposals. 

Our criticism, however, is 
destructive of the present corrupt 
regime, and constructive toward a 
new or modified system. We have 
documented evidence that the 
Coop is a Sno-op, that the 
thirty regular members can and do 
control all decisions of the 
organization and ' pack all the 
committees, and that they dispose 
of thousands of student dollars 
toward projects and people without 
consent of the "governed. " 

For example: the Coop was 
never approved by 50 ' percent of 
the student body, and yet they 
dispose of 100 percent of the funds. 
There are no visible controls on the 
riotous spending, and no directly 
responsible member exists to be 
accountable for anything. Quite a 
number of the " organizations" 
funded by the Coop last year don't 
even exist this year, and others 
that " exist" this year are invisible 
to the average student. 

The questions we want answered 
are these: 1) Do the majority of the 
students approve ofthe system of a 
Coop? 2) Would a majority of 
students vote to maintain the basic 

. coop idea, but with modifications? 
3) ' Is a conventional, or modified 
conventional student government 
acceptable to the majority? 4) 
Would a majority of students af-
firm that they have gotten their 
money's worth? 

The Students Committee Against 
Ripoffs (SCAR) offers a plan to the 
students. We want students to have 
the choice. What students want and 
will vote for, we think should be 
instituted. No more, no less than 
student liberty. 

Our program: 
1) We want a vote of confidence 

to be taken to determine If the Coop 
is legitimate. An affinnative vote 
would require that 50 percent or 
more of the entire student body 
vote in favor of the Coop. 

2) If the Coop is rejected, we 
want a referendum to be held to 
vote on a new con-
stitution/system, with a choice 
among many alternatives or " none 
of the above." 

3) If the Coop is approved, we 
would favor the formation of a veto 
board. The veto board would be 
formed by five elected students, 
and its purpose would be check 
Coop decisions. It would be able to 
veto any Coop action that three of 
its five members felt 
unrepresentative of student 
opinion,pnd desire. Members of the 
veto board would be elected 

quarterly, one from each College, 
and one at large. 

4) We want an overhaul of the fee 
system to provide more choice for 
students as to which activities they 
wish to support, without doing 
away entirely with a fee itself. Our 
complete program . will be 
published later. 

Of course, the Sno-op will by no 
means volWltarily concede to 
referendum on any of these Issues. 
The privilege-of power is one they 
wish to keep . As lo'rederick 
Douglass said : " Power concedes 
nothing without a demand; it never 
has, and it never will." 

Our program provides alter-
natives to the present Sno-
operation while allowing 
maximum freedom of choice to 
students to accept, reject, or 

Contlnued on Page 8 

US, Spain Treaty A Trap. 
May I correct two misimpressions that readers would have received 

from the otherwise excellent account of my interview with Jami!SG. Soto. 
.r am quoted as saying that " the church has become sympathetic to the 

separatist movements." There is a very critical difference between 
separatist movements in Spain and movements for regional autonomy. 
Separatist movements demand completely independent statehood, 
whereas the demand for regional autonomy involves linguistic and 
cultural home rule for the provinces of Catalonia, tbe- Basque country, 
and Galicia . The church is sympathetic to the regionalist movements, but 
certainly not to separatism. 

The main headline of the interview ma~ me feel as though we had 
arrived in 1984. It reads " Professor Opposed to US, Spain Friendship 
Treaty." It is indeed true that the State Department has labelled this a 
treaty of friendship and cooperation precisely in order to put the false 
accent on the presumably civiijan nature of the treaty. But the most 
important provisions of the treaty, as pointed out in the ~ourse of the 
interview, are military provisions. It is one thing for the government to 
call this a treaty of friendship and cooperation and quite another for the 
Triton Times' headline writer to fall into the trap. A more accurate 
headline would have read " Professor Opposed to US, Spain Military 
Treaty." 

Widmer Decision 

GABRIEL JACKSON 
PROFESSOR 

Why Isn't Great Teaching Enough? 
I am saddened but not sur-

prised by a decision which was 
made last week. A review bOard 
composed of professors from the 
li te ratur e department 
unanimously recommended that 
Dr. Eleanor Widmer, lecturer at 
UC San Diego for the past seven 
years, be given security of em-
ployment as a lecturer . This was 
rever sed by the 
English! America~ section of the 
lit department. She is being fired 
instead. Why? 

During her years here Dr. 
Widmer has consistently been 
one of the most exciting and 
popular lecturers on this campus. 
But don't take my word for it ; 
look at these CAPE evaluations. 

. The following are ratings of and 
comments about courses she has 

. taught in the past three years. 
1. Winter 1974, Writer's 

Workshop. Received 6's and 7's 
(on a seven point scale with tbe 7 
the high ) in every category. 
Sample of the comments : " ex-
citing," " knows her stuff," " high 
energy." 

2. Winter 1974, Humanities 6. 
The average ratings in the 
following categories - en-
thusiasm of instructor, in-
structor's encouragement of 
student participation, in-
structor's teaching effectiveness, 
would you recolllI1,lend this 
course to others- were , 
respectively, 6.7, 6.S: 6.6, 6.1. 
Comments: CAPE says, " very 
enthusiastic responses 
dominated this class. Most said it 
was the best Humanities course 
they've ever taken. None fell 
asleep during her lectures and 
many actually looked forward to 
this Humanities course, both 
occurrences rare in this Revelle 
required . class. This was due 
mostly to Professor Widmer's 
knowledge, skills and talent in 

presentations. This course is 
highly recommended by those 
who corrunented- which was 
abnost the entire class. " 

3. . Winter 1975, English 
Literature 126. Instructor en-
thusiasm-6.9; encouragement of 
parti ci pation- 6.8; teaching 
effectiveness-6.8. Comments: 
(74 written comments out of a 
class of 118) .. ... unanimous in 
high praise for Dr. Widmer. Most 
students felt that she was a 
fantastic lecturer and that her 
loss would be a major blow to 
teaching effectiveness in the 
literature department. " 

4. Winter 1975, Writing the 
short story. Ratings along the 
previously mentioned dimen-
sions- 7.0, 7.0, 7.0. Comments: 
"She taught with enthusiasm and 
personal interest." 

5. Winter 1976, General 
Literature 127. On a one to five-
point scale: teaching ef-
fectiveness, 84%- 5, 9%- 4; 
stimulated intellectual curiosity, 
75%- 5, 15%-4; learning ex-
perience, 62% - 5, 31%- 4. 
Comments : " ... unique teaching 
style based on student discussion, 
'Professor Widmer was out-
standing,' 'Professor Widmer is 
one of UCSD's greatest assets,' 'a 
must before graduating, en-
thusiasm and humanity un-
matched by any other instructor 
at UCSD,' 'great scholar.' " 

What precious qualIties must 
one have in order to work at this 
fine institution. Is it enough to 
glow with "enthusiasm and 
humanity?" No, that's not 
enough. Is it enough to be a warm 
personable individual, to take 
personal interest in your students 
and spend countless hours with 
them outside of claQ? No! That's 
certainly not enough. Well then, 
how about being an espert in yoIII' 
field (the novel)? Or lecturing 

with style as well as content, thus 
stimulating students to think 
about what they read, or en-
couraging them to discuss it in 
class? Is that enough? Is it 
enough to personally read over 
each of the papers in classes of 
120 and 300 students. Is it enough 
to make extensive critical 
evaluations of those papers, 
writing on them rare kinds of 
comments i.e. comments which 
actually give people a feel for 
what they 're doing wrong? Is that 
enough? 

What is enough? 
I once believed that the 

University had something to do 
with the students who attend it. 
Woe to the poor misguided mind 
of my youth. Yes, I have learned 
here. Four years have taught me 
that such ideas were fantastic 
illusions, the ' products of an 
imaginative if deluded mind. 

To the ordinary man whose 
paltry intelligence is ill-equipped 
to comprehend the complex 
" truths" of the world as it is, it 
would seem obvious that the 
University is organized around 
students, that it was formed in an 
attempt to educate the youth so 
that the society would not be left 
without leaders in the future. To 
his child-like mind it would ap-
pear that students learn better 
when they like their professors, 
that they like them when those 
professors show an interest in 
them, that an enthusiastic 1ec-
turer inspires them to think, and 
that a lucid lecturer provides 
them wIth something to think 
about. 

Of course we know better than 
that. 

We know better because of 
experience. We are battered by 
tile " truth" from the moment we 
enter until the moment we leave 

Continued OD Pille I 

, . 

~edne.day, April 28, 197. • r.iOII i. nit'S Page 3 
TRB Letter to the Editor 

Hobgoblins Great Britain: Another Socialist Welfare State System That Lacks Wings 
It would have been better for President Ford if the pardon he gave 

Richard Nixon had been conditioned on some kind of admission of guilt, 
or if the former special Watergate prosecutor Henry S. Ruth, Jr. had 
found it possible to issue some kind of final judgment on the Wlresolved 
Issues of the case In his 277-page report of October, 1975. 

Next to the nagging and continuing riddle of "what kind of man is 
Jimmy Carter?" the dominant subject in Washington these days is 
Watergate, which some bad thought was behind us. Not at all. It jumps 
out at us Wlexpectedly from alI sides. It is a restless goblin and bad news 
for Ford. 

The PeMsylvania primary this Tuesday may decide whettler Carter 
gets the Democratic nomination, and the Texas primary next Saturday 
may decide whether Ford overcomes Ronald Reagan or must go through 
new rounds with the California lightweight and shadowdancer who gets 
more jingoistic as he becomes n:tore desperate and threatens to skew 
Ford's whole foreign policy. 

But while we wait for those decisions we can do what all Washington is 
doing- read the Woodward-Bernstein (Woodstein) Final Days or see the 
Woodstein All The President's Men at the movies, and be reminded of 
Watergate all over again. Frank Church, starting his campaign, assails 
Ford as "a weak President who pardons Richard Nixon and then looks 
the other way while Nixon's lieutenants stand trial," and the subject 
boWlces up again Wlexpectedly in Herbert E. Alexander's 800-page 
Financing The 1972 Election, released this weekend. 

The matter won't die. There is this difference between now and 1924 
after the Harding scandals when Coolidge-was Mister Clean as Ford is 
today. Coolidge didn't give Harding an unconditional pardon aDd Harding 
wasn 't living at San Clemente, or traveling to China in the subsequent 
election. Harding had conveniently died. 

Every four years Herb Alexander produces a recapitulation of what the 
last preSidential election cost through the Citizens' Research Foundation 
at Princeton and it is packed with material and the handbook of political 
writers. For example, the presidential bill last time was $137,854,000, 
Alexander figures, and the total cost of the 1972 political binge 
(President, Congress, governors, mayors, dog-catchers) was around $425 
million. 

But the study this year doesn't stop with 1972; it comes down through 
events that followed Nixon's splendid victory, in which he carried 
everything but Massachusetts and ,the District of Columbia . There are 
chapters by Alexander and his associates on where the money came for 
Watergate , where it went, lists of corporate malefactors and how they 
sc rambled back into the woodwork; of how, finally, the affair shamed a 
hesitant Congress into writing a federal campaign financing law (though 
it didn't keep the legislative irresponsibles from going off on spring 
vacation while the candidates sweated in PeMsylvania for funds.) And 
reading Alexander's three long chapters on Watergate not only brings it 
back but reminds us of the Ford problem. 

The fact is, you see, the story hasn't been told ; the riddle is still ther e. 
And like every unsolved mystery people talk about and come back to the 
pardon . 

Alexander's style is colorless and bland, but in digging around among 
campaign funds he comes on items like the now-famous $100,000 given to 
Nixon pal Charles G. (Behe) Rebozo who said he kept the cash in a 
strongbox for three years and then returned it. How does a computer 
analysis put this into a well-ordered balance sheet? 

Mter all , why did now-dead Howard Hughes send the money to Rebozo? 
What happened to Rebozo? Was some of that money, as the Ervin in-
vestigators asserted, " passed by Rebozo through three bank accounts 
and a cashier's check, not in his name, to purchase jewelry given by the 
President as a gift to his wife ... tops, 16 pear shaped diamonds, bottoms, 
2 pear shaped diamonds, 2 tapered baguette diamonds?" Woodward-
Bernstein don 't tell us that. Who erased the 181/2 minutes of tape? Why in 
the world did Nixon's men break into Watergate in the first place? What 
did they seek? What were they after ? 

There are lots of statistical goodies in Alexa nder's compendium, like 
the evidence that Maurice Stans " was , without dispute, the most suc-
cessful fund raiser in American history, Mark Hanna and Matthew 
McCloskey notwithstanding." (35 million in 1968 ; $60 million in 1972.) And 
t he auctions of am6assadorships- the Luxembourg spot went for 
$300,000, payment held back by prearrangement till the stock market 
went up, and Senate confirmation without dissent. 

But it's the nagging Watergate riddles that we keep coming back to . 
The Hughes' gift was in two parts of $50,000 ea ch, with 50 consecutively 
numbered $100 bills deposited in the Las Vegas bank by the Hughes 
casinos. Hank Greenspun, editor of the Las Vegas Sun a sked whether the 
Hughes money helped buy San Clemente. The White House believed 
GreenspWl had handwritten Hughes memos; and in early 1972 Jack 
Anderson and The New York Times said they had hard evidence of 
connection between Hughes llnd Rebozo. What triggered the break-in? 
Alexander repeats the speculation, " perhaps a hunt for evidence relating 
to $100,000 which was thought to' have come into Democratic chairman 
O'Brien's possession." 

A man stands poised over the 
cliffs at Torrey Pines Glider Port 
with the intention of flying. He has 
a theory that allows him to fly : if 
only he can flap his arms fast 
enough and spring his legs 
violently enough. With a deep 
breath and a short jog, he flings 
himself off the cliff and into the air. 
He then begins his waving, 
writhing, and pulsing, which he 
continues vigorously until his 
components are broken and 
scattered on the rocks below. 

Now, I suppose there would be a 
few persons who would sym-
pathize, saying " it"s a good theory 
but not so good in practice." And 
these persons are of little help to 
the flaked and formed carcass of 
the late flier, and none to the beach 
clean-up crew. 

In 1945, Great Britain stood 
poised on the brink of the welfare 
state, and socialist Labour Party 
anxious to implement the am-
bitious plans. In just 30 years, the 
once-Great is on the rocks. Time 
magazine reported in its March I, 
1976 issue that the government of 
then-Prime Minister Harold 
Wilson had conceded that its social 
welfare programs were crippling 
Britain's economy. 

Apparently, Britain could not 
continue a socially guaranteed 
insured existence for its citizens 
without having private industries 
to produce goods and services. 
Denis Healey, Chancellor of the 
Exchequer, put it this way: " If we 
want to regenerate manufactur ing 
industry, we must leave enough 
resources free from public ex-
penditure." And the spending cuts 
he prescribed would hea vily affect 
subsidies for education, food, 

. transportation , public housing, and 
construction. 

Indeed, the sputtering remains 
of Brita in's economy, with 1.5 
million unemployed and a 41 
percent tax ra te, demonstrate t hat 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
This Friday and every Friday at8 : ~0 
pm there will be a Oneg Shabbat 
for students and faculty . For more 
information, call Dr. Magid at 270-
4170 . 

Backgammon sharks unite for the 
Muir Backgammon Tournament, 
Wednesday May 5 at 7:30 pm in the 
Muir 5 & Dime. Sign up by April 30 
in the Muir Resident Dean's Office. 
If you can loon' a Backgammon 
Boord for the tournament pease 
call Scott before May 1. 453-6768. 
There will be pr izes. 

Attention : special one-time op-
portunity to learn the tie dye and 
bat ik arts. Th is Saturday, May 1, the 
UC Center for Contemporary Crofts 
will lead a studio/ workshop with 
instruction in the technical and 
aesthetic aspects of the art of tie 
dye and batik. The studio fee is $3, 
which includes all dye malerials . 
Bring your own items for dyeing . 
The workshop will be from 10-2 
pm . Regisler at the crafts center 
prior to the closs . Remaining 
spaces will be on a first-c~me, first-
serve basis. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
A Book Sole w i ll be held th is 
Sa tu rday and Sunday fro m 10-4 pm 
on the enlrance wolk to the Cenlral 
Universi ty library, UCSD. Many 
book s in a variety of subject fields 
w il l be sold of borgain prices. The 
sole is sponsored by the Friends of 
Ihe UCSD library. The proceeds 
f rom the sale will be used to buy 
much needed books for fhe UCSD 
libra ries' collection . 

q(~) 
let Rorea at the " 

Spice Rack Restaurant! 

COPIES 
3}2C I •• :" 
0.011 LOCATIOIII 

llOIYo IIIIIICIIa. .... 'an 
., .... j ... .., .. 1 .. 

. 

Present thiS coupon with your meal at the 
unique Spice Rack " Garden" Restaurant in Pacific 
Beach and..you·U gel rolled . Free. Take home half 8 
dozen 01 the tastiest home·made rolls or mullins 
you 've ever mel. This alter is good on Mondays thru 
Thursdays ~ 
YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE V~ 

A GARDEN RESTAURANT 

M ission Blvd. near Grand in Paci f ic Beach 
off.r good only 5 pm-10 pm, expires Ma, 31st. IT 

socia lis m in practice simply 
doesn't work. And the Soviet 
Union's 60 year spectacle of 
milit.ary economy, concentration 
camps, and starving people only 
beats the point to death. 

Certainly, when the man at the 
cliffs explained his theory, there 
were those in the crowd who could 
rationally predict, using science 
and common sense, that this arm-
waving, leg-kicking jazz wouldn't 
make it. And there, reason proved 
itself in the crunch : h is was not a 
good theory. With logic and ex-

perience available, there would be 
few to try out the hypothesis again. 
And those who might would have to 
trust faith or mescaline, not 
reason. 

And who could call the 
socialisVwelfare state system 
"good," when a string of failures 
are its experiences? There is 

ample statistical, analytical, and 
theoretical proof of the failure of 
socialism. The eventual crisis of 
the British exper iment was 
predicted the same year it was 
started, and the economists that 
did so now can only say "we told 
you so." 

The conclusion is that the 
socialisVwelfare state system is 
not a good theory , and so it fa ils in 
practice. But there are still those 
who set up tables and hand out 
leaflets and exhort crowds, telling 

/' , ... 

us that "socialism is a good theory, 
just give it another chance ... " 

The second man to " fly " off the 
cliff can not be called an idealistic 
dreamer. He is an irrational fool, 
and a dead one at that. 

RICHARD STEVENS 
POUTICAL SCIENCE 

Marl< Woelber 
Managing Edilor 

John H. Taylor 
Editor·ln-chiel James G . So to 

City Editor 

Marl< Stadler 
News Editor 

• Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Nathan Meyers 
Photo Editor 

Alan Russetl 
Arts Editor 

Stall writers 
Ran Anbar 

Evelyn Barala 
Betsy Chlmonl 

Brian DaVIS 
Robin DeRleu. 
Sieve Esmedlna 

cathy Fltzmaunce 
John Halperin 
Craig Jackson 

Ron Kalo 
SCali Sadll 

Ken Slopanov 
Tana Takahashi 
Cary Thompson 

Vera M I Todorov 
Nick Vanocur 
DebOra Weber 

Wendy Eagt~ 
Ollice Manager 

i riioll • i 11M'S 
UC San Diego 

Special wrltBfs 
Charles Helmler 
Edward Simons 

Business 
Penae Llllieton 
Doug Mooney 
Jennifer lack 

Assistant Managing Editor 
Krosttn Webb 

Production 
Becky DeVinney 
ShaunaStokes 

Sara J . Lowen 
Communi ty Editor 

Kenzie Nicoll 
Business Manager 

Dave Eisen 
Sports Editor 

Tim MacKenzte 
Criticism Editor 

Photography 
Paul Jarvis 

Sha ron Robert s 
Bill Brooks 
Mark Gomez 
Joan Ftnkle 

copy 
Susan Nealon 

Osa 
Nadine LInder 

Illustrators 
Mark Robb 

Sieve Skublne 
Bill Pellonnel 

GOING TO LAW SCHOOL? 
" ao, 'You shputclt"'ji! 
a unique 3~(: workah 
the Loa Ano,l~a Hlllo 
The objectl,el 0' thla pr 
between C911.g~ and I 
flrat year 1* o~ten. the 
of future employment, 
to study ~y at 
law school career. F r 
931 -7788,.or write: 

Legal Prep , Inc. 
471 Sout ~~~erlve 
Loa An nla 90036 



.1 WedDelday, AprDza, lJ7t 

IDe 
Wllh 
ThiS 

. COOp Debates BRG Membership Balance 
Chlrlel Helmler 

They left me sitting on this barstool with a bottle half-empty and war:m 
so left to my thoughts I start thinking about the Cosmic Crusade and Its 
helckn stinking Jesus feet and that lint in the bellybutton you just luv to 
clean out. Clean. 

Mama, meet me on the green 
ofthe 18th hole wouldn't 

it be keen to find oW" 
souls on top of a mattress 
setting on the reef blue 

sky above the cows in the 
comer of the haystack in 

tight 
14 million dead Chicanos, Blacks, radicalized Whites, Pigments of 

every imagination with their heads cut off singing: BUYCENTENNlAL 
B.A. NOW IS THE DAY THAT AFFIRMITIVE ACTION SHOWS US THE 
WAY! ! !! Gerald Ford sang, Gerald Ford prayed, Peter Frampton hit 
with "Show Me the Way." , 

In Rio de Janeiro they play piano in the sunshine with Teleprompte~s, 
Inc. manufactured in New Jersey. New Jersey, home of the Walt ~t­
man Memorial Rest Stop an hqur or so West of the Verrazzano WIth 
facilities for YOUR every need. She's crying about the 13 million dead her 
eyes bleeding all over my shirt not enough MATERIAL to soak it ~ll up, a 
letter blows up, out of the wind, say it again, a letter blows up mto my 
hand we read what we can understand. (It-s in English.) Open quotation . 

Feb. 21,1976 
Dear Son-

The hot sununer is back after a spell of 10 cooler days. So the 99 degree 
heat has sort of demobilized us. The weekend routine is: early to club 
swimming pool and return and hole-up until 5 pm in cooler apartment. . 

On top of it I am slowly plodding (but liking it) through the Centenmal. 
Ilich even can make a rattle-snake's power of logic-or lack of it-
spellbinding. 

The Passat performs well, except at starting. Seems to have a dead 
spot in the starter. Your Mom drove the full-length of the Jpanewa beach 
early in the morning and never killed the motor, in spite ot stop-and-go 
per my instructions. 

Kissinger's short visit is almost over. The Brazillian papers are full of 
advice. It is funny how things assume different degrees of importance 
when looked through different national eyes. In the 1!Yl3-74-75 period, 
Brazil did pretty well with prices of sugar and soya shooting up 100-300 
percent. So they bought a lot more of superfuous goods as canned 
peaches perfumes and imported cars. A Mercedes that costs $12,000 In 
Germany now costs over $55,000. The ban permits imports with very 
heavy fines. The gas has gone up another 10 percent. , 

I have sent a role of film for processing with Max's pictures. I do hope 
they come out because the new Olympus camera I had bought had been 
giving us minor problems. I had sold myoid Minolta! 

Next weekend is Carnival, when Rio will go crazy for three days and 
nights. Smart people will head for the hills. But we now can't get any 
reservations in the hill resorts! Work hard . Love from all, 

. Dad Close quotation. 
We don't because of MY aversion to blood so she makes a burger and 

soup I watch her sitting at the table in her rolled-up flannel sleeve.s 
munching on the burger her hair tied ba~k she ~ries ~ train the ?og ~o SIt 
using saltine crackers. Watch her all rught, WIth delight. All rught. All 
right. . 

Burgers with ketchup, mustard and french frIes.' some coke, some 
dope, make me red in the eyes. It's no joke they fell 10 love af~er he. took 
her to MacDonald's and presented the pimply counter gIrl WIth 2 
Christmas Gift Certificates imported from the East Coast. 

" These are COSMOpolitan burger certificates," h~ an,~ou~ced. . 
"That will be $1.40, would you like a hot apple pie? saId the punply 

counter-girl. 

.. ~~. 

Continued OD Page 6 

SDSU 
Classical Guitar 

Ensemble 
directed by Lee Ryan 

lhursday, April 29, 1976 

MCRH - 8 pm 

Program will include Bach. 
Ranel. Villa lobos. & others 

FREE 

by KeD StlpaDOV 
Staff Writer 

Discussion of a proposed 
mechanism to insure the etlmic 
and sexual balance of the 
BudgeVResource Group (BRG) 
was the major topic of discussion 
at the Student Cooperative Monday 
night. 

The Coop was hampered by the 
lack of a quorum for most of the 
meeting and therefore could not 
consider any of the other agenda 
items. ' 

Interim appointments to 
vacancies on the BRG, discussions 
of electing appointments and 
evaluations representatives and 
closer ties with the Board of 
Authority were items tabled until 
next week. 

Possible InterpretatioD 
Debate of the proposed 

guidelines for insuring an ethnic 
and sexual balance on the BRG 
centered primarily on the in-
terpretation of the line that reads, 
" However, the essential criterion 
of ability will always take 
precedence.' , 

Many members immediately 
objected to the phrase because of . 
its possible interpretation as a 
racist and sexist term. 

Mark -Fingerman, appointments 
and evaluations coordinator, said 
his committee had merely wanted 
to remind future selection com-
mittees through the guidelines that 
ability was as important as well as 
balance. . 

He cited the recently recalled 
chairpersons pool as an example. 
He said he thought some members 
had been elected on the basis of sex 
rather than chairing ability. 

No Last Names 
The matter was tabled until next 

week. 
The Coop also discussed the 

Western Association of Schools and 
Colleges accreditation teams' visit 
this week and considered the 
meetings and rally to be held in 
connection with the visit. 

The freezing of the New 
indicator's funds was another item 
of discussion. 

A New Indicato.r member said 

the funds were frozen because the He said the New Indicator was 
staff box printed contained no last preparing to go to court on the 
names. matter. 

Third Reporter 

Senate Unit II Vote Disappointing 
by Tama Takahashi 

StaHWrlter 
There was disappointment at 

Third College Thursday when 
plans for Academic Unit II were 
denied funding in a state senate 
subcommittee. . 

"We are a divided college," said 
Provost Joseph Watson. "'llIe 
college is dispersed and truncated 
in both the physical and 

. geographical sense and in the 
academic program sense." 

The recently completed Unit I is 
primarily natural science space. 
According to Watson, although 
science is crucial to the college, 
Third has the bulk of social science 
and humanities faculty. Two-thirds 
of its students are social science 
and humanities majors. 

Unit II would consist of two 
buildings constructed northwest of 
the present Third College 
buildings. It would primarily house 
department offices. 

••• 

Third College will. graduate its 
Class of 1976 at 10 am in the Third 
College plaza. 

Seniors interested in speaking at 
commencement should submit a 
five-minute speech to the Dean's 
office by May 7. Two speeches will 
be selected by the graduation 
planning committee on the basis of 
content, clarity and presentation. 

(Seniors who have not turned in 
their mail ballots for · a faculty 
speaker and faculty-staff 
recipients of outstanding service 
awards are asked to pick up a form 
in the Dean's office and submit it 
byMay7.) 

This year's graduation in-
vitations will feature an artistic 
rendition by Oscar Mehenduz 
depicting educational symbols and 
symbols from all the cultural 
groups represented at Third 
College. 

Graduating seniors may invite 
family members onto stage when 
the students receive their diplomas 
signifying the importance the 
student attaches to his family. 

A reception will follow the 
ceremony. 

The Graduation Planning 
Committee, headed by Raymundo 
Gomeztagle, meets Mondays at 
4: 30 pm in Room 17 of building 412 . . 

Arrangements for caps and 
gowns, announcements and In-
vitations are handled by the 
bookstore. Also, a graduation 

Contloued on Page. 

COUNTBASIE 
OSCAR PETERSOI 

• PASS 

ExckJsively on Pablo Records ~ 
Distributed Exclusively by ~ ), 

nCIi 
CIVIC THEATRE 

_UY,IDY 2,8" 
PRICES - $7.50, $6.50, $5.50 

. Now on sale at Civic boxoffice, all 
Ticketron agenc ies , Sears and 
Ward stores. Ma il orders accepted 
to Civic Theatre, 202 C St. 92101. 
For Information phone 236·6510 

weaea." AprO II, 11'71 

Lloyd Thacker 

Talent " 

Surr Goss (TT photos : Bill 
Brooks) 

once, left the 
Revelle cafeteria coDteot. TaleDt, 
DDt food, was their staple . 

Although Saturday eveoiog's 
audleDce may DOt have totally 
agreed with the judge's ~lection 
of wlonen, the packed crowd's 
uaaolmous oploloD was tbat the 
UC Sao Diego aODUal taleot 
showcue was a wiDDer. 

TweDty-one far-ranging acts 
IpaDDed three aDd a half hours, 
with the ' crowd reactlog eD-
tbusiastically throughout. "The 
Blue Moons"-a barbershop 
quarter composed of Matthew 
Piner, James MeUen, Fred 
Randolph aDd . Douglas 
Rlce-employiDg 80ng · with 
comedy woo first prize aDd ... 
with their recitatioDl of "BeyoDd 
the Reef" and "Rock-a-Bye My 
Baby." 

Tom Sesma received secoDd 
place for bis vocal/piaoo per-
formance solo of Professor Tom 
Lehrer's "The Elements" aod 
"Masochism TaDgo." Employlog 
changing tempo, long wlod aod 
some uDUlual verses, he had the 
audleDce laughing contlnuaUy. 

WinDing tbird place was Lloyd 
Thacker for his original guitar 
solo of "Song for Students," 
dedicated to students who have 
"lucubrated" [worked long aDd 
late at Bight) often. 

In the lIOn-musical category, 
Cindy Hamilton gained first 
place for her baton twirling. She 
handled the baton well 10 the 
limits the small stage placed on 
her; 

The Qvistgaard brothers, Guy 
. and Jeff, came iD second with 

their synchronized movement 
and speech comedy routine. . 

Arts and Entertainment Calendar 

f rlf ••• f. "l('S 

The Blue Moons 

. Show ' 

Grant Smith 

PageS 

Corea, Savoy Brown Concerts 

: A Supergroup With Individuals 
by Daniel Shawler 

Staff Writer 
Return to Forever, featuring Chick Corea, gained most of its 

recognition through the recording industry, but critics have never been 
overly fond of their albums. In spite of this, the group has a great 

, reputation. They were chosen as the best instrumental combo of the year 
in the 1975 Playhoy Musicians Poll. Their appearance at Golden Hall last 
Saturday night explained this enigma. Very few groups can perform live 
as well as Return to Forever. 

1 The opening section of the concert was reminiscent of the typical 
i Return to Forever album. Since it was live, though, there was an added 

dimension that is missed in a recording. Seeing the musicians added a 
personal quality to the concert. Return to Forever held the audience in its 

. grasp and manipulated their emotions. . _ . 
All four musicians, Corea on keyboards, guitarist Al DiMeola, Lenny 

White on drums and Stanley Clarke on the bass, displayed an aptltuoe tor 
toying with the audience. They are all expert musicians, each capable of / 
leading their own group, as they have proven. Return to Forever, along 
with Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young is the oldest example to the 
supergroup that was in vogue a few years ago. 

The major difference is Return to Forever's personal and artistic 
compatability. Unlike CSN and Y, they manage to work and tour together 

without stifling each others creativity, and thus elevate the overall effect. 
The prime example of this is "The Magician" by Stanley Clarke. One 

might expect a composition by the best bassist in the business to provide 
a showcase for Clarke's talent to the exclusion of the other musicians. 
The former, is true, but certainly not the latter. Corea, White. and 
DiMeola were all given equal opportunities to display their talents. The 
best of the piece, though, came not from the individual performances, but 
from the unison passages. " The Magician" itself is a masterpiece, a jazz 
piece based upon the contrapuntal writings of the late Renaissance. 

The concert was actually divided into three separate sections, with the 
highlight coming in the middle when the group unplugged its in-
struments. By performing for over an hour without any electronic 
assistance , Return to Forever proved their capabilities beyond any 
doubt. They showed that not only are they one of the top progressive jazz 
groups around, but that they are equally at home as one of the better 
traditional ensembles. 

Clarke is much better when he has an upright bass to work with, and 
Corea is more exciting at a grand piano than at a synthesizer. Only 
DiMeola could be said to be better with electronics, but that is due more 
to the nature of the guitar than to DiMeola himself. 

Bolin's Own Boys .to Play Tonight 
When they turned to acoustical instrumentation, Return to Forever 

spotlighted their talents as soloists. They did this by performing four 
different pieces in which each of the four were featured soloists. The best 
was easily Corea, playing in the manner made famous by his superb 
Piano Improvisations Volumes, but the other three were by no means 

poor. How one man and his bass can keep a couple thousand yelling fans 
entertained for 15 minutes is a tribute to Clarke's talent. 

Tommy Bolin, lead guitarist for 
Deep Purple, will appear with his 
own band for the first time 
anywhere at the La Paloma 
Theatre in Encinitas tonight. 

UCSanDiego 
A BicenteMial Band, directed by 

Thomas 'Nee of the UC San Diego 
music department, will form and 
rehearse tomorrow and May 6 at 
7:30 pm in room B202 of the 
Mandeville center. The band will 

Bolin, a respected guitarist in 
both the rock and jazz fields, has 
also played with the James Gang 
and Billy Cobham. His new band 
has Norma Bell on horns and 
Reggie McBride on bass, both 
fonnerly with Stevie Wonder; 
Narada Michael Walden, once a 
drummer with Jeff Beck; and 
Mark Stein, of Vanilla Fudge (arne 

- perform a program of famous 
marches on May 11. 

on keyboards. Showtimes are 8 and 
11 pm. 

Poetry readings continue today ' 
with Philip Whalen reading at 4 pm 
in the Revelle formal lounge. A 
member of the San Francisco 
poetry renaissance of the 19508, 
Whalen now lives at San Fran-

••••• : ••• : ••••• : •• ,'.;;.e:.: ••••••••• ,. ~ .'. .. •••• ' '.'. ~.'~.'-'. .: ............... . -.... -.~.~. . ' . 

: Does your summer job take the 
~ l~ ofa canary? 

~ 
Hear about something.new in 
high paying summer work 

CALL 459-4396 for appointment 
-,- .. .. .. ... .. .. .... .... .' M .!. •••• '.:;'-'-:' 

KCBQ presents 

SAN DIEGO THUR 
araBS AIlXA I 1IJIUN;;;;iii; 

All • .,,, rue,.td S 7.7~ 6 75, 5.75, (Inc Iud .. parklnl) 
IIcke" "v,ll.ble.t All B II Clmbl, ' , Men 's Star ... 

All Arena Ticket Altncles, Sparta "renl TiCket OffiCI. 
for In rormltion <111224.4176. 

cisco's Zen Center. He is the author 
of numerous books on poetry. 

The UCSD Celebration Dance 
Company will perform "Con-
trasts," a festival dance concert, 
Sunday at 2:30 and 8 pm in the 
Mandeville auditorium. Tickets 
may be purchased at the box office 
at $3 for the public and $2.50 for 
students . 

There will be a "Gospel 
Explosion" Friday at 8 pm in the 
Mandeville auditorium featuring 
such gospel notables as Casetta 
George and Betty Perkins. Tickets 
may be pW"chased at the music 
department. Prices are $5 for 
reserve seats, $3.50 for general 
admission and $2.50 for students. 

The fourth annual Friends of the 
UCSD Library book sale will be 
held Saturday and Sunday on the 
entrance walk of the central 
university library. 

Over 7,000 books will be on sale 
during the two days from 10 am to 4 
pm. Prices range from 25 cents to 
several dollars. Most items will 
sell for less than a dollar. 

In the era of the recording studio, Return to Forever showed them-
selves to be one of the best live bands around. The tightness of their music 
and the greater dispersal of talent makes them better than another great 
live act, John McLaughlin and the Mahavishnu Orchestra. Judging from 
this concert, it is easy to see why Return to Forvere continues to win 
many of the prestigous awards in jazz. 

Original Member is Standout 
by Tim MacKenzie 

Criticism Editor 
Savoy Brown's Sunday night show at Golden Hall served to spotlight 

the blues guitar ability of Kim Simmonds. 
Appearing before a sparse but enthusiastic audience, Savoy Brown's 

performance mixed both blues and rock. Simmonds seemed more adept 
with the blues material, though he was also fulfilling on the rockers, in-
cluding the opener " Tell Mama." 

After 9 albums and 15 American tours, Kim Simmonds is the only one 
who remains of the original Savoy Brown. 

The Savoy Brown line-up today, in addition to Kim Simmonds on guitar, 
harmonica and vocals, includes his writing partner, Paul Raymond, on 
keyboards, guitar and vocals. Raymond 's association with Savoy Brown 
dates back to 1970, and his songwriting partnership with Simmonds goes 
back equally far , to such Savoy standards as " Tell Mama." The bassist is 
Andy Rae while the drumming chores are handled by Tommy Franell. 

Much of Savoy Brown's material performed Sunday night came off of 
their new album, Skin and Bones. 

Brewing Company. Olympia . Washington ·OLV·. ANNOUNCEMENT§ 

Some things never change. First hinted at in 1919 with a patent for "a tool 
with which to open milk 
and fruit cans;' the sleek 
steel line of the classic 
beer hook had to await 
the invention of the beer 
can by American Can in 

Mr. Howord I. Krousz will defend 
h is doctoro l theses tomorrow ot 9 
om in room 202 Scripps Bui lding. 
S10. The t i t le of th is Ihesis IS " Non-
l inear onolys is of " Synopt ic 
Focrlitotion ond Anlifoc ihtolion 
using Rondom Stimu lotion of 
Presynopl ic Axon." The public is 
i nviled. 

1935. 
When employee Dewey 

Sampson was detailed to invent 
this penultimately functional tool, he 
succeeded in uniting 30 ye:lrS of thir ty 
thr at with thc c ntents of million of can 
ofOly. 

It took kill and ingenuity and the re ult 
ju ( an't be improved u n. The nme goc ~ r 

me thing ncverchang . A great beer docsn '( change 
Iympia never will. 

@[k~~IJA 
&",'r &It. ... n\ Io~t an l~ttt'r. 

The Mvir-Dartmouth Exchonge 
Progrom hos recenlly been ex-
ponded 10 lI1c1ude Foil Quorter. 
Any intere t('d students should 
conlact the M uir Provost Office for 
f urlher informat ion. The deadline 
for f"ino 04"\ Ofml " 'ohnn "Api'll 
........ .. ........ .. O' . .. .............................. . 

..,...... E.lc..."""""t_ 

"-
• • J 

"Disco Dance .ft 1" 
~~ 

I .. .. ~r. 
... "" ...--. 

..... 0-
.. .. .. ...... ................ .. ..... .. ...... .. ............... 



..... .rI ..... I ... '8 WedaeIdly, AprIl ZI, 1J'7S 

"Would you like to g ve me a whirl in that Camaro parked outside with 
the green count 'em racing sbipes and Healey Headers . 

" For sure, Martha nce on in." 
I T RiYON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads I 

1beChurch. 
"I can play dominoes better than you can." fOR SAlE 

1beBlshop. 

Confirmation. 
" No, you can't." 

1966 Ford con_Iable , to highest bidder call 
452-2452 or 454-6987 , Ask lor Salls (4128) 

" Like wow, Martha , would you take the vows, ride in my Camaro for Dynaco Pals Preamp assembled $180. Bang and Olalsen speakers 3 way SI80 453-9321 
(4128) the rest of your life?" 

"Without strife?" 
" At least, plus plenty of burgers." 
" Amen." 
" Ah ... man. " 

Cuddty tooghair dachshund pups In gotd and 
black will be sotd to good homes. Call Paul 
753-2897 (4/28) 

"Get Funky." 
" Put in this tape. Let's not wait. Get down, you clown." 

Stereo aya mint cond Sony tal130 5275. Teac 
4()IOGSL $400. Custom spkrs $350 great 
sound_ PrPty 436·1443 (4 /28\ 

" You 're welcome," Je8DDY whispered back then leaned towards me as 
best as one can lean ill a bammock and kissed my ear. I somebow 
wrapped my arm under her shoulder, 'kIssed her forehead and soon heard 
her beeatblng asleep. I closed my eyes and felllnto It, do~to it." 

DOOBtE BROTHERSt Have to sell some 
great 1I00r "eats lor May 6 coocer! . Chris , 
453-6439. 11 nol in, leaveM (4/28) 
Armstrong lIute 5165 . excellenl pads and 
adjuslment. Jim 436-5317 . (4 / 30) Finally Hank remembers just who the hell he's going home with tonight 

after his little prancing aroWld with the girls licking their ears and 
acting like just a general fuck-up insulting all the fine respectable women 
and gentlemen who patronize this reputable drinking establishment 
known as EMILY'S DOWN HOME DEL MAR REAL ESTATE AND 
BARGE COMPANY (Located like the radio says "Down home in Del 
Mar, remember Tuesday nights are Ladies Night, when all lesion-lovers 
of the softer sex GET IN FREE) Hank pulls out his hot-eomb, bought 
especia lly for this sacred occasion. He glances to the side as he jumps on 
top of the table, a precaution : 

Yamaha lOO-A classlcat gullar. hard-shell 
case Included, bolh excellent condition , 
$130 453-0243, (4 /28\ 
Panasoolc AM-FM CaT stereo . lIawless 
cooditlon . super sound . $50, 453-0243, 
(4128) 
Bundy baritone sa,. New condition. Stand 
included. CaJI756-8427 (4/30\ 
STRA TOCASTER . Fender In e,lt . condition. 
w l case. Asking S25O, Ask lor Dave 481 ·0002. 
evenings . (4/30) 

" IS TIlE BISHOP HERE, YET, SISTER?" Stereo Harmon-Kardon 330A Tuner 2 IS in 3-
way spkrs SI75 .00/offer. Paul 756-3805 aller 
8 p,m (4 / 27) 

The he whips out the hot-eomb, frees himself of his habit. Stares in my 
direction and shouts: HEIMlERl1 HEY HEIMLER!! GET YOUR 
STINKING, SMELLY, LUCID, PETRIFIED WITH CUM, PUTRID, 
DOG-PISS, COTTON-PICKING NOSE OUTTA' MY BUSINESS, YOU 
MASTURBATING CRACK-POT SUBURBAN-DAILY EGOTIST, YOU 
MISSED YOUR FIRST DEADUNE LAST MONTH BECAUSE YOU 
WERE IN LOVE, YOU FOOL. THAT IS DEFINITELY UN-COOL FOR 
FUCK-UPS. 

WANTEd 
Subiecls needed lor psych e,per. Musl be 21 -
40 yrs old and men only need apply. Call 452. 
4305 , ellenlngs 287·7529 (4 / 28) 
Tutor needed who Is lIuent In Russian. Hetp 
with conversation and grammar. call Mary 
459-8251 8-5 M-F . (4/28) While he's doing this I'm looking around hoping nobody in Emily's 

knows him or me hoping the bouncers have an a isle cleared for me to 
usher old hank out the door, across the highway and into his pick-up. 

Need gOOd used Internal frame back-
pack- r.alf Margaret after . :30 at 273-3720. 
(5 /3) J ust then the winner of the 1976 Evelle Younger look-alike contest 

swings through the swinging doors with his hands in his grey-suit pockets. 
He looks liberal but everybody from L.A. remembers the famous tran-
svestite busts of 1968 when 353,000 Greater Los Angeles transvestites 
were rounded up in a fierce night of sirens and clubbed heads and hustled 
to the L.A. County and City, Long Beach, Arcadia, Pasadena, Azusa, 
Inglewood, Santa Monica, Hawthorne and Hawaiian Gardens Jails. They 
made such a clamor they finally let them out but not before the tide had 

Dog needs loYal person , Song . yr old 
energetic mannered lOVing male mutt FREE ' 
755-1334 or 459-9065. (4130) 

TRAVEL 
Europe-Isreal -South America-Student tt ighls 
year round ISCA 11687 san Vicente Blvd ~4 
LA CA 90049 (213) 826-5669 (6 14) begun. Continued on Page 8 

We want you to take full advantage of your University 
and State Employees Credit Union . You'lI receive some 
of the lowest cost loans around and no Bank Of' Savings 
and Loan passbook savings account can match our in-
tended 5Wl6 per I\nnum· on regular savings. 
So. as an incentive. we 've created the biggest and best 
Keepstakes ever. As G rand Prize a paid vacation cruise 
tor two (or one grand in cash) will be g iven away at each 
of our four o ff ices in addition to the second prizes. 
Get involved . You may win a completely paid a -day va-
cation cruise for two to your choice of the Caribbean 
(including airfare to and from Miami), Hawaii or Me)(ico! 
Second prizes will also be awarded in each U.S .E. 
Credit Union office ___ a portable television or $100 
cashl Anyone can win . So . enter now . 
• ,r,. of , .. r.' ..... 10" ' . ", ,.~ ... ' ,, 1\ .•• __ • ~'''f loll 

" t, ... ' 'f' -'e In. , a .... _<>CI ,,,'" '''''PM d'. cJoo",h .... 
p. " t ,,, ... " ,j , .. II " • ....... ." J ~ "' ... .., ".~,. I'''''r t ..... 

~.. I .. 14 I ,,.,lI S I ( 'HI r ,,,. U .... , 
U .. _ .... "'"''''.''p''' I. ~.I 

G Ui"I,i. .-!.~ 

MANY WAYS TO WIN: 
Visit your nearest University and State Employees Credit Union 
office You Will receive FREE one or more contest ticket stubs. 
The remaining portton of the ticket will be dropped in the ticket 
barrel in your name for later drawing. Ticket dispersal is as fol -
lows: . 
JOIN 
Join as a new member 2 FREE TICKETS 
Bring In a new member 2 FREE TICKETS 
BORROW (For any new or refinanced loan) 
Up to $1 00 advanced on loan 1 FREE TICKET 
For every $1 00 advanced on loan thereafter 1 FR EE TICKET 
SAVE Any new savings deposited: 
Mo re than SO - but less than S100 1 FREE :rICKET 
$100 or more- but less than $200 2 FREE TICKETS 

(add one free ticket for every multiple of $100) 
INCREASE PAYROLL 
DEDUCTIONS TO SAVINGS 
More than SO-less than $100 1 FREE TICKET (add one free ticket for every multip(e of $100) 
Get a FREE ticket Just for coming Into a U.S.E. Credit Union of-
fice asking for one 1 FREE TICKET 
We can take care of transferring some or all of your funds from 
YUUI Ban!' or Savings and Loan for you. Simply send or bring us 
your passbook. We will supply you with the necessary transfer 
draft. To refinance a loan just see us. 
This c~ntest ends on May 26.1 976_ The drawing will be held the 
followtng day on May 27. 12:45 pm at each credit union off ice. 
Limit of one prize per person and winners need not be presen\. 
U_S.E, Credit Union olflcials. staff and their Immediate families 
are not eligible. Good luckl 

UNIVERSITY & STATE EMPLOYEES 
CREDIT UNION SPRING ENTER NOW AT 

USeD 
Gilman at Russell 
Matthews Campus 

La Jolta. Cali f 
(71 4) 453-5620 KEEPSTAKES! 

Tn.,. ~ 11I be .ppro.ot lmalely 30 000 10 60000 tlc. !.:etl IIIU.d and 8 prlle<lf: 10 01 won 
------~!~----------------------~ 

0011 t Delay Book by Phooe New Flights to 
EUIOI)ll (379+) South ,..merlca (315+) Itoe 
O,,~nt (499+) New York (1891 Hawaii (189) 
Long 01 w IIlghlS 51111 available immediate 
phone conlirmai ions call collect WestCoasl 
Student Travel Counsel AVCO Center t 0850 
Wilshire LA 90024 213 475-6865. (6/4, 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHAi'lTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS BOOK EARLV CIEE· 
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD tN-
TERNATiONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAVS 
'1 4pm -52-0030. (6/3) 

housiNG 
F room Ie needed to share house with at leasl 
3 other mellow feminist women lor summer. 
Call 488-9994 eve. (5 (5) 
Roomie wanted lor Solana Beach house . 
Own room $100/mo (negollable) . Ocean 
view. Caliiale elles 755-2519. (5 / 31 
F room male wanted . Own room $115/month 
House 2 blocks Irorn beach La Jolla quiet. 
Call eves 459-4852. (4130) 
Would like 10 sublet 1 or 2 bdrm apt In Del 
Mar Sol. Bch area from Jun.Sept, Call 
Monica 753-3028, (4 (28) 
Room avallabte in Del Mar. Sun deck. garage . 
own room , furniture in main area! of house, 
Ocean view SI25 rent/sign lease. Talk to 
Louise or Marlha. (4130) 
4-5 people needed lor summer. 4-bedloom 
heuse in Rancho Santa Fe-- poot . pool table; 
SlOB/mo. for5. 756-2826, (4/30) 
3 Ilr. 2 ba. Ptaymor La JOlla townhouse. avail , 
June 15, pari furn" patio. pool 454-1441 
(4/30) 

Female roommale needed to share Del Mar 
apt. near beach. 755-9471-Claudla. (4 /28) 

Roommate wanled at University City house . 
Own room 85 + utilities call 453-9349 aller 6 
pm . (4 /30) 
3 Ilr 2 ba. ptaymore La Jolla townhouse . 
avail. June 15 . part lurn . pallo . pool 454-
1449 (5 17) 
Cozy Sludlo ApI 5 m in. Irom bch , In Solana 
BCh For rent May· Aug lurnl shed . 
w/ pingpong !150monlh 481 ·8565 (4 / 28) 

$50 REWARD. F.nd us N County collage we 
renl (to $225) . ResponSible couple. No 
kldsl pels 755-0657 (5/3) 

• SERVICES 
Creative playtime lor 2·5 year olds. Play & arI 
room olters creative learning and Iree ex -
plession 9-5 Mon .-Frl. Call Kathl 436-911 7. 
ILicensed Day Care) (4/30) 
Booklalr May 8 in front of California First 
Bank In downtown La Jolla. HundredS 01 
inexpensive books to bene II t k.dney foun-
dation (5/81 
Summer work! Been looking? Try something 
ou t 01 the ordinary and pays well 459·4396 
t4/30) 
Know how to play bass? Teach me 80 I can 
100. wOUld love to learn 10 play. Will 
pay IIrade John 131 E. 5th Nat.onal City (513) 
HIS & HERS hairstyling-hair cuI. shllrTlpoo & 
blow dry $15 With sludent card- 58. The 
Hairs tylist s 7463 Girard Sl. (behind Shirl-
tails) 459-8229, (S / 14) 
PLANT LOVERS we work with evergreen and 
deciduous trees and shrubs. We do or· 
namenlal pruning. lacing . and topping. We 
level or cut back banKs , remove rocks. Wedig 
IIoles lor tree planting as well as week 
clearing and cuillvaling lor gardens, We also 
remove trees and stumps. CaH Arnie 277-
3520. (51 12) 

Typlst _ IBM term paper. thes is , dissertation. 
elc editing . rush lobs . xerox 560-8171 , 45?-
1588. (6/3) 
Prol thesis typing. Quality work. great at 
charls & tabtes. Have eleclronlc . 
engineering , Greek symbols . Located In 
Mission Valley . Ooo' t wail to reserve time lor 
your typing . Call Linda. 28G-3J.43 (4/30) 

Sal. May 1, Sign up at cralts center now. 
53.00· all dye materials provided. Bring your 
own Items lodye. (4/281 

Dave. Chap. DaSh . Greg and Mike-many 
amounts 01 luck at UOP. Now may I have 
your autographs? PM (4/28) 

To two 01 the besl who show the 
most - mainly 00 stairs and knot Is, Leave the 
back door open and windows unlocked. I'll be 
there 00 the 3Oth_ Be carelul 01 Ihe lillie men. 
With love . Ihe slreaker l !I (4/28) 

J - You were great ... do it aga", somelrme? 
... Noleven seven Inches. (4128) 

California Law Institute 
at Santo Barbaro 

Now accepting appl ications for 
Summer Session 

Starting June 29, 1976 
Fall Te rm-commencing Septembe r 7, 1976 

Degree programs leadl'ng to LLB or JD Degrees, Graduates Qualify for 
California Bar Examinations. 

TRANSFER STUDENTS ACCEPTED 
f., hrtIMr ............ r Ca ...... 

.,1Ie or ,.It .. . 

Law S(hool Campu 
2034 Alameda Padre Serra 
Sonlo 8arbo;a . Ca _ 93103 

Ph. ( 805) 963-1567 

Physics, Math, Chemi try 
•••••• ****** 

and Engineering Major 

l 'he Navy's Nuclear Power lJrogram is 
set>.king a limited number of highly 

qualified instructors 
Besides teaching extremely qualified and 

motivated students, you will be a 
commissiuned officer in the Navy arning 
Good Pay and Lots of Benefits. You will be 

stationed at the Navy's Nuclear Power 
Training 'chool in Orlando, '?lorida 

for four yean. 
................. If Interested.,*********** 

a ll Your Local Navy Recruiter At 

293-6444 

I: ) 

Wedoelday, April 28, 1971 ~ rtf 011 .IIJI('S 

Crew: SucceSti!l at Ballona offENSiVE 
by Craig UelUcIa 

Ballona Creek, the site of 
Saturday's intercollegiate crew 
meet, was a waterway of success 
for UC San Diego's team. 

The Freshman 8 won im-
pressively over Loyola, and im-
provement continued In per-
formances by the Varsity B, the 
Women's a and the Ughtweigli a. 

strokes per minute (spm) and a 34 
spm during the body of the race, 
the fr08h began with a 48 spm start 
and :rl spill body. With the fast 
start, the shell j wnped to a quick 
half boat length lead over Loyola 
and caused Vallarga to become 
"paranoid that they were going to 
bum out," he sa id later. 

But as the race progressed, 

The Varsity 8, foreground, finished second last weekend at 
Ballona Creek. (TT photo : Nathan Meyers) 

The incoming tide and strong tail Vallarga 's fear evaporated as the 
wind at Ballona was an advantage frosh overcame Loyola's " final 
to the lighter UCSD freshman gasp" at the 1000 meter mark and 
crew. Because of these factors, went on to win by a boat length. 
Coach Jack Vallarga changed the The frosh shell, with oarsmen 
racing strategy of his squad. Leo Parker, Bruce Hoffman, 

Rather than a start of 40-42 Dominic Koroly, Mark Briner, 

_.---UC~D ANNUb.L---... 

fRIDAY· APR'L 30 
11 16 3PM 

BICENTENNIAL REFRESHMENTS 
4UO ,uru'UHG TttlIV." fIIOIIUl Mt 

OUHK-A- DUOf BOOTH 

ADMISSION FREE -

..... oo .. 

~ HtKING · WRESTLtNO · GYMNASTIC· CYCLING · FOOTBALL· BO)(tNG · BASEBALl ;;1 

~THE PROS HAVE DONE IT! ~ 
o ~ 
: 6 poolesalon" athlete. h ... opened. store lor YOU ~ 

~ ~ 

JOE BEAUCHAMP ~,O·Sl E P PillS DAN FOUTS 
GARY GARRISON 

adidas BOBBY HOWARD 
DOUG WILKERSON DENNIS PARTEE 

. 

GRAND OPENING 
SAT. MAY 1 

. .. ............ ....................................................................... 

FREE ORA WING 
EVERY HOUR 

................................... Sh<»ea .. Carry B ........ ...... .. .. ....-........... .. . .. 

GRAND DRAWING 
• ••••••• •• • ••• - - - •• 51500 VIdeO Ponv g.- .................. . 
Comple te line of EREE ADIDAS VISORS 
Ad idos Producrs WITH PURCHASf 

PRO·STEPPERS 
8Q.&2 Clolr&mo"t Meso Boulevard 292-0064 

Belween Hwy 805 ond 163 

Rich Rappaport, Dave Brady, Paul 
Hornberger and Jim Hornsby and 
coxswained by Jeannette Altier, 
was timed in 6: 28 minutes, an 
improvement of about 20 seconds 
since their first race four weeks 
ago. 

The Varsity 8 continued their 
excellent proj(ress, placing second 
to Loyola and ahead of Santa Clara 
(SC ). According to Vallarga , the 
shell began with a poor start, 
because they didn't hear the call 
and were down by about three 
seats to the two other teams. 

In the final 1000 meters, 
however, they put on an im-
pressive show. The shell was able 
to " blow past" SC and cut Loyola's 
lead in half. Loyola was clocked in 
5 : 59.~, followed by UCSD in 6:04.1 
and SC, 6:09.7. 

The Women 's 8 race was a 
triumph over obstacles for UCSD, 
-as the number five oarswoman was 
unable to row due to a family 
emergency. She was replaced by 
Cathy Reedy , one of five women 
coxswains on the squad. With only 
two days of practice together, the 
eight lost to Loyola by two seconds 
in a close race. 

Coach J ack V allarga 

In addition to Reedy, Judy 
Walton , Debbie Pitts, Linda Teich-
man, Nancy Blackman, Susie 
Klein, Cindy Bender and Susie 
Luftner and coxswain Amita Desai 
were in the shell . 

In the Lightweight 4 race, Loyola 
began quickly and slowly stretched 
out their lead. 

They were timed in 7: g2, 
followed by UCSD in 7: 40 a nd SC in 
8:00. The Tritons had previously 
lost to SC in the Crew Classic and 
coach Vallarga was pleased that 
the Lightweight 4 had beaten them 
so handily on Saturday. 

In two weeks, the Tritons will 
travel to San Pedro to face Long 
Beach State and the University of 
Southern California. 

Scott Sadil 
Press Box-Padre Sty~e 

I refuse to try and beat-my good buddy Willie Davis out of his new job as 
the Padres centerfielder. With his advancing age, money problems, and 
team-to-team nomadism, old 3-Dog deserves to finish his career without 
any more troubles, hitting his annual bases-empty .300 in relative peace 
until he decides to hang 'em up. 

So that leaves me two ways to see Major League baseball in San Diego 
this year : as a fan in the bleachers, or as a reporter in the press box. 

I used to think that watching baseball from the press box would be as 
nice as having lunch in the Pope's living room. But since last Friday 
night 's Padres-Cardinal contest when I had my initial experience of 
hanging out in Typewriter Row, I am not so sure. 

You see, up there it's a whole new ballgame. 
••• 

" Uh, son, you arer't supposed to be in here," the usher said. 
"Not even if I'm part of the working press?" I asked, smiling, letting 

him see my press pass, bow tie, and dress-eords. 
He was more interested in my hair and beard and purse, but he could 

not argue with an official document, so in I went. 
I picked up my free scorecard, roster, and three pages of up-to-date 

statistics, tasted my share of the no-eost press meal, and headed straight 
as an arrow, though I wished I wasn't, to a seat along the practically 
empty reporters aisle. 

It was just like you would expect. Middle-aged men, double-knit slacks, 
coffee, cigarette smoke, and a few portable SmitlrCoronas banging away 
in the background. Peck-and-Peck. 

I was alone. 
No one I could see sang the national anthem, but I could hear people 

singing. The same old story. 
Padres pitcher Randy Jones, San Diego's frst and only Cy Young 

candidate, ran out to the mound. I stood up and got ready to applaud, but 
realized no one else was so I tried to act like I was stretching my legs for a 
moment. 

Peck-and-Peck. 
A woman showed up. But she looked as serious and detached as 

everyone else. Unlike games when I am in the stands I did not yell 
" HUBBA! HUBBA1" 

In fact, by the fourth inning, even though Jones' sinker and Tl MPH 
. fastball we(e working to perfection, and the Padres were leading 2-0, I 
had not said a thing since asking Channel 39's Mike Smith during dinner if 
he wanted the rest of my cottage cheese. He didn 't. 

The game was half over and I had not even criticized Winfield's swing, 
lau~hed at Tito's hotdogging, booed Kendall 's arm, or told another one 
about 3-Dogl No " Ray-Kroc-could-have-signed-Messersmith-if-he-would-
have-promised-to-name-a-hamburger-the-Baron-Burger," or " Do-they-
call-them-road-uniforms-because-they-look-like-road-apples," or "yo.. 
HO-Blow-the-man-<lown," when a guy with a patch over one eye walks by. 

Just Peck-and-Peck. 
Willie D. grounded out with two men on base. I wanted to yell 

" TYPICAL! " but held it in. Two innings later Willie fouled out with two 
more men on. I could not hold it in. I tried to act like nothing had hap-
pened when all the heads turned towards me . 

Ex-Padre DaMY Frisella, came in to pitch for the Cardinals in the last 
half of the efghth and received the only ovation he ever got from San 
Diego fans. But who could I tell? 

Peck-and-Peck. 
When the game ended I watched the reporters, my colleagues, try to 

meet their deadlines. And after that? A. couple drinks in the bar? Baseball 
talk? An empty hotel room? I shuddered. 

But I had to carry out my assignment completely so down the elevator I 
went to the locker room. Who would I interview? What would I say? 

My problems were solved when I saw him. I let out with a "Hey, 3-
Dogl" Then I said, "You know, I don't care what my dad and grandfather 
say about the way you play baseball. I've still always liked you, Willie . 
Good to see you on the Padres." 

That familiar voice coming from at least five stories down asked, 
" WHO ARE YOU?" 

Well, it was a good game because Jones and the Padres won, >1. If San 
Diego can keep their record over .500 I may soon have, if not pennant-
fever, at least a slight contention-eold. 

The only problem is, I don't know how I should take in the games. As 
Writer, or Rooter? 

KIDDIE 
MATINEE 

this saturday, may 1 1 - 2:00pm usn 2722 



Pale I 

VW -tune and valve 
adjust ent'done at you'r 
home ( nly $15 plus parts 

OPEN 7 OAYS A WEEK FROM DAWN TILL DUSK 
CITY AND STATE LICENSED 

All work guaran teeJ to b ab olutel prC'ci ion perfE'ct W e offer you 
thE' unique opportunity to hav criti al valu learan(e et b fore 
tlw engine has been ~tarted Few oth r hop~ tak£' this prE' au llon in 
our behalf. Our ~upcr friendly m c hani invite you to wat hand 

learn whil(' th work i~ bing d n . ThE'Y will al 0 provid Important 
information on how to ke p your VW aliv and happy . A omple! 
engi ne xamination is al 0 includ d free of hargE' to help [XCV nl 
fut ure problem . W E' Spc lali/c in VW tune-ups. so why have it don 
dnywherC' C' I ~ ,? Bo<, h plu gs $ .75 ea h-Valvoline oil $ .50 quart 

24 hour answering service 224-9375. Ask for Mobile VW Service. 

Positions Now Available 
for Statewide Committees 

-Academic Planning and Program Revl_ 
Board" 
- Advisory Commillee .or learning 
Resources 
- Administration Advisory Committee on 
Inclusion ArMS 
_ Task Force 'On Financial aid In.ormation 

- Atlirmatlve Aclion Advisory Committee . 
- Inler-Campus athletic Advisory Board 
_ Task FO'ce or Financiat Aid In.ormation 
- Academic Senate Committee on 
Educa tional Policy. 
-Advisory Committee on Instructional 
Improvement Programs 

Havp dlrPct onpul en leglslatlen concernIng 
YOUR f'ducallon Cen tac t Deans 'OffIces . 
Stlldenl Center or Lebby Annex fer further 
Information 

Deadline April 30 

Friday. April 30 

6:30: The Prisoner 
. 

7 :30 
& 

10:00 
'Spider Stratagem' 

USB 2722 

ApriI27-l1py? 

ART BLAKEY I THE JAZZ MESSE GERS 
Saturday & Sunday May 1-2 

GIL I COTT-HEROI I 
BRill JACKSOI AID THE MIOIITE BAlD. 

Show times 9 & 11 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
DINNER SHOW SPECIAL St.15/perwn 

includes compl.te dinn.r, choic. of 4 .ntr .... admission 
pric., tlK and gratuity . Calf for reservltions. 

NO RESERVATION NEEDED. Tick.ts on sal. upon .ntrlnc • . 
You must be 21_ yeers of 1ge or oIder_ Proper identiflcttion required_ 

3919 MISSION BOULEVARD. SAN DIEGO .-1.1 

Geisler and Savle 
Profs to Debate Existence of God 

Is God at UC San Diego? 
UCSD Literature Professor 

Jonathan Saville and Norman 
Geisler, a Philosophy professor at 
Loyola University (Chicago) will 
present contrastmg views on the 
existence of God Friday night in 
the Revelle cafeteria at 8 pm. 

Dr. Norman Geisler 
Sponsored by the Campus 

Crusade for Christ, the Friday 
night symposium will take up 
many of the same issues discussed 
at the last Campus Crusade forwn 
last quarter when Harold Hohner 
debated with several UCSD 
professors on Biblical history. 

Wipe With This ... 

According to George Post of 
Campus Crusade, among the 
issues to -be discussed are why 
religious material has not been 
discussed in classrooms to a 
greater degree; why there have 
not been changes in the 
Hwnanities program to reflect a 
greater concern for religious 
issues; and why religious views 
are not considered on an equal 
footing with scholastic views. 

Post said that Saville has in-
dicated that be thinks the su~ 
stantive debate will be on ter-
minology rather than issues 

Wbo'sWbo 

Geisler teaches at the theological 
seminary at Loyola Chicago and is 
the author of nine books including 
his latest, Christian Apologetics. 
He is also the author of numerous 
periodical articles. He is listed in 
Who's Who in Religion in America 
and was selected as one of the 
outstanding Educators of America 
'in 1975. 

Pest said the format for the 
forum will be for each speaker to 
give a presentation, followed by 
rebuttals. The forwn will then be 
opened to questions from the 
audience. 

Fr. Laurence Waddy, UCSD 
lecturer in Classical Studies will be 
the moderator. The event is free 
and open to the public. 

The winner of the 1976 Evelle Younger look-alike contest lays this on 
Hank: 

Municipal Court of California, CoWlty of San Diego 
San Diego Judicial District Case Number 49484738 
People vs Hank Fray Order to Appear 

Setting the Motion Department 
etc. 

Hank looks at the wiMer of the 1976 Evelle Younger look-alike contest. 
He looks meekly and says: "What am I charged with?" 

The answer: " Inciting German-shepherds to commit adulturous acts 
with 13-year old boys, sermonizing from a bar-stool, driving a bulll10zer 
in the Diamond lane of the Santa Monica Freeway without enough 
passengers and looking ugly at a seventh-grader of the female gender." 

"No dope charges?" asks Hank. 
" No, no dope charges," says the wiMer of the 1976 Evelle Younger 

look-alike contest. 
" I CAN BEAT IT!!!" exclaims Hank as they escort him out the door. 

"I CAN BEAT IT!!! 

ANNOUNeEMENTS 
The M uir Outing Club will meet 
tomorrow at 6 pm in APM 2402. 

Helicon, UCSD Poetry tournai, is 
now accepting original poems from 
studenls, faculty and staff for its 
spring 1976 issue. Include your 
nome, address, phone number and 
association with campus. Send to 
Campus Mail Code C005 clo 
Poetry Journal. 

Coop .•• 
modify their student government. 

Anything less than full liberty is 

Wlacceptable. Interested persons 

may contact . Justin Freeman 

through Box 7174, La Joll_a, 92037. 

STUDENTS COMMITTEE 
AGAINST RIPOFFS 

IN CONCERT 

TIM WEISBERG 

-Aute-
modern, melodic and original 

May S. :30pm 
U DGym $3 all 

U 0 Box office 
452-4 . 452-4559 

Wedlletday, April ZI, mt 

ThIrd Reporter. • • 
brass medallion, embossed with 
the symbol of three hands In-
tertwined, may be purchased. 

••• 

The Third College Council is 
seeking applications for student 
members for 1976-77. Forms are 
available in the Dean's office. 

Members, who represent the 
Third student body, are respon-
sible for reconunending academic 
and social policy to the dean and 
overseeing monies collected for the 
vending machines. Weekly at-
tendance . is mandatory. Each 
council position requlres a com-
mitment of two to six hours per 
week. 

Applications must have the 
support of four other students and 
one faculty mem~r. 1be present 
council will select nominations 
which will be placed In a coUege 
election during the second week in 
May. 

Applications for the Dean's 
Interns are also being sought. The 
Intern's duties include the plan-
ning of social activities, academic 
counseling and providing general 
support to the Dean's office. 

Teaching •.. . 
the University. Four years here, 
where excellence in teaching is 
the exception rather than the 
rule, four years of watching what 
seems to be systematic firing of 
the better teachers. Yes, we know 
better. 

Eleanor Widmer is not one of 
the better teachers. She is one of 
the best. Instructors like her are 
not a dying breed. They are a 
breed which has hardly been 
allowed to exist let alone flourish 
at this University. Possibly it is 
out of an unreasoning kind of fear 
by some of those already tenured 
that if the natives were to get a 
glimpse of the riches they might 
have they would revolt. Or 
perhaps she's a bit too 
charismatic. 

I don't know. But I can tell you 
this, her loss would be 
inestimable. No one can do what 
she can do for undergraduate 
teaching. 

Don't let it happen. Decisions 
such as this are not irreversible. 
Write a letter. Send it to Vice-
chancellor of Academic Affairs 
Paul Saltman or acting Muir 
Provost Pat Ledden. Or call me 
at 453-7870. I'll coordinate per-
sonal visits by groups of students 
who've had Mrs. Widmer to 
either of these two ad-
ministrators. 

We must cling to every drop of 
water that trickles through our 
dessert. 

JAYCHAFETZ 

ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCE MAJORS 
LET US HELP YOU TO 

BECOME A CPA 

[g5~~~~~ 
CPA 

REVIEW 
LOS ANGELI!S-

Downtown 213812-'813 
S.n .. A". 7 tHi4 1-11311 
V.n Nlly. 2'3886-332' 

SAN DIEGO 714298-7752 

COURSII IIOIN MAY 21 • NOV. 24 

1/3 OF USA 


