
by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

Since 1963, the Reverend John 
Huber has been a constant if 
quiet fixture at UC San Diego. 

Huber is a minister in the 
Lutheran Church (Missouri 
Synod) and is the chaplain for the 
Lutheran students on campus. 
He also tends to the spiritual 
needs of many townsPeople who 
live in the neighborhoods 
surrounding UCSD. 

When he first arrived in 1963, 
all the administrative offices 
were at Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography; the only building 
at the main campus was Urey 
Hall. There were only graduate 
students in Huber's 
congregation, because t~e first 
freshman class did not enter until 
the foltowing year. 

Huber described UCSD as a 
"g rim place" in the 1960s 
because of the problems 
associated with the Vietnam war. 
Since then, Huber said, "It has 
become a more human place." 

Though the student body has 
been more diversified in recent 
years, Huber still sees a few 
problems confronting the campus 
community. "Students seem to 
be under a great deal of 
pressure," Huber observed. 
"They are becoming, to use a 
Marcuse term, one-dimensional 
men." 

In contrast to other chaplains 
at UCSD, Huber sees his role as a 
pastor to. the spiritual needs of 
individual students. Huber said 
other chaplains might take a 
prophetic approach to their 
vocation. 

Huber believes the campus 
ministry is coming into a new 
era. During the Vietnam war, 

. ,. .. , 

University Community Church is shared by Lutherans, 
Catholics and Episcopal ians . (TT photos: Bill Brooks) 

Rev. John Huber: Lutheran 
Pastor, Ecumenical Embrace 
Huber said people believed that 
the University structure could be 
changed, and changes in society 
would follow. 

Now he feels the campus 
ministry has an individual, 
personal orientation. " Hopefully, 
the church can be a place where 
students can gather, meet friends 
and interact socially, culturally 
and religiously," Huber said. 

..\. Chanee to Share 
A San Francisco native, Huber 

graduated from UC Berkeley. In 
college he rediscovered his own 
Christianity through the campus 
ministry. He believes hi s 
ministry here gives him a chance 
to share what he has received 
from the church. 

Huber. 47, graduated from the 
Concordia Seminary in St. Louis. 
One of his primary interests at 
Concordia and now at UCSD has 
been ecumenicism. Last year he 
attended the World Council of 
Churches meeting in Nairobi, 
Kenya. Much of his time in 
recent months has been taken up 
with speaking engagements 
throughout the county about his 
experiences in Nairobi and in 
other ecumenical settings. 

Because of his and the other 
UCSD chaplains' committment to 
Ecumenicism, last year the 
University Lutheran Chapel and 
University Center (called that 
since 1963 when it was taken over 
by the Lutherans from the La 
Jolla Cliffs Christian Chapel) was 
renamed the University-
Community Church. 

Currently the Lutherans share 
the building with the Roman 
Catholics and the Episcopalians. 
The three groups periodically 
join with others in providing 
Ecumenical programs. Last 
month, the Christian community 
at UCSD came together for an 
Ecumenical Ash Wednesday 
Service at the Universit}· Church. 

Lutherans also join in spon-
soring such events as the Sunday 
Evening Supper Program. Held 
at the Univet:sity Church, this 
program brings together the 

Rev . John Hube'r describes UCSD as a 'more human place: Continued on Page 8 

UC to Celebrate Charter Day at Berkeley 
UC will observe its 108th birth-

day and commemorate the 
American Bicentennial with a 
Charter Day-Bicentennial Con-
vocation at Berkeley this Friday. 

UC President Saxon will preside 
over the all-University event. 

Principal speakers will be 
Arthur SchleSinger Jr., prominent 

~erican historian, and Lord 
Oliver Franks, fonner British 
ambassador to the United States. 

Chancellor McElroy will 
represent UC San Diego at the 
celebration. 

UC's Mission 
Last fall, Saxon noted that in 

Bicentennial year it is appropriate 
to be remind d of the close link 
that has existed bctwe n American 
'd ucation and th "life and 
progre. f our society from its 

ginnings." 
H added, "Th fundamental 

I1llssions of institutions of high r 
ducalion are the pursuit and 

pr s rvation of both knowledge 
and Wisdom, and the n1argement 

and transmission of both ... 
"The University of California 

has obligations not only to the 
communities in which its cam-
puses are located, but to the state 
as a whole, and indeed to the nation 
and the world ... Because of its 
enormous and special con-
tributions to society, the Univer-
sity of California merits the suI>" 
port of the citizens of California." 

On March 23, 1868, just eight 
years before the nation celebrated 
its Centennial, California governor 
Henry H. Haight signed the 
legislation that created the 
University of California. The 
University opened with 10 faculty 
and 38 students in 1869 in Oakland. 
This year, approximately 128,000 
tudents are enrolled on nin U 

campuses. 
In the 1868 act the organization 

and governance of the University 
was entrusted to a corporat body, 
the Regents of the UnIv r it)' of 
California . An early action 18k n 
by the Reg nts was to rver the 
ori~inal plan to admit men only, 

and in the fan of 1870, eight women 
enrolled in the University. 

By the turn of the century, the 
University had a medical school, a 
dental school, a phannacy school, 
an observatory and affiliated law 
and art schools, and .University 
Extension and Summer Session 
had been inaugurated. 

New Arts Editors 
Alan Ru sell and Tim 

MacKenzie, both staff writers for 
the past two quarters, will take 
over the Triton Times arts 
department, effective today. 

RusaeU wiD serve as Arts Editor, 
supervising news and feature 
writing iD the department. He 
plan to expand the paper' ana 
coverage of both San Diego-area 
art and cult and of UC San 

. 0' artsde rtments. 
K (Wa the new pcIIiUon 

Editor. He 
....... IIMi!~ 1III111i1111 and ecIIL ... -. .. 

Student Aid Increase 
Scrapped by Senate 

by Chris Bowman 
Staff Writer 

SACRAMENTO·- Gov. Brown's 
proposal to increase College 
Opportunity Grants (COG) by 50 
percent was turned down 
yesterday by a state Senate 
committee. 

Brown asked for 50 percent in-
creases in all financial aid 
programs for needy college 
students. Included in his proposal 
were 275 new COG awards. This 
would raise the total number of 
awards from 6550 to 6825. 

Last year 565 of the 3100 COG 
awards went to UC freshmen . 

The grant by the federal 
government, established in 1968 
" to increase access in higher 
education," has received in-
creasing support each year from 
the state. It provides for the 
student's living expenses, tuition 
and fees . 

Last year's average grant was 
$1098 for the academic year. 

Reaction came during the Senate 

Finance subcommittee's review of 
the budget for the Student Aid 
Commission. 

NoRea on 
Sen. Lou Cousanbich (R-Los 

Angeles) called the COG " just 
another one of those giveaway 
programs. Why don't these people 
go to work instead?" he added. 

At the meeting Arthur Mar-
maduke, Director of the Student 
Aid Commission, gave no reason 
for the increase aside from the 
governor's request. Both 
Cousanbich and subcommittee 
chairman Walter Stern (0-
Bakersfield ) said they needed a 
better reason . ' I think it is wrong 
for the governor to raise this (the 
number of COG awards) because 
he favors deprived people." 

A spokesman for the Student Aid 
Commission later told the Triton 
Times that the governors proposal 
is justified. He said the com-
mission could only award 3100 of a 
total of 9800 qualifieQ applicants 
last year. 

Church Calls for Morality 
On Vacation Village Stump 

"Crimes Against Freedom Must Stop" 
by Mark Stadler 

News Editor 
Sen. Frank Church (D-Idaho) 

called Sunday night for " preserv-
ing the dignity of the law," which, 
he said, is " the cement" holding 
American society together. 

Church, who declared his can-
didacy for the Democratic 
presi!iential nomination two we~ks 
ago, was speaking at the Vacation 
Village hotel before 350 people at a 
City Club dinnel*. 

In a speech, free from par-
tisanship, according to City Club 
guidelines, Church told of his 
"deep concern for the growing 
disregard for the law." He ex-
plained that he was not referring to 
"common street crime, dangerous 
as that is," but to a different kind, 
that has " spread through every 
level of society." 

Different Social Levels 
The 51-year-old Church, who is 

next in line for chairmanship of the 
prestigious Seliate Foreign 
Relations Committee, traced this 
type of crime through different 
social levels, from blue collar 
workers to "the highest levels of 
government. " 

At the blue collar level, Church 
pointed to the refusal of 
longshoremen to load wheat bound 
for Russia because they disagreed 
with administration policy and 
firefighters refusing to respond to 
alarms because of their strike. He 
said a way to solve these problems 
must be found, or "we are faced 
with a growing anarchy and chaos 
that one day will lead to a 
repressive government." 

Church said he has found the 
arne disregard for th law among 

American corporations. To 
illustrate this he cited illegal 
campaign contributions from 
American corporations to election 
candidates in Italy, which, he said, 
arc forcing Italians to vote for 
Communist candidates because 
they appear to be the only honest 
politicians there. 

The illegal contri butions 
" threaten to bring down the very 
free governments we have tried to 
preserve," Church said. 

The Idaho enator al 0 traced 
illegal behavior to the government, 
pointing mainly to " the corruption 
and criminality" of the Nixon 
administration. 

" 1 wish it had ended there, ' 
Church aid. " But that arrogance 
of power has spread into the 
bureaucracy of government," into 
the Central Intelligence Agency, 
the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation and the Internal 
Revenue Service. 

" ccret Police" 
Church, who chaired the Senate 

subcommittee on intelligence, 
which outlined illegal practices of 
those organizations, saying the 
CIA " set up to spy on foreigners, 
has spied instead on Americans," 
the FBI has shown "evidence of the 
beginnings of a secret police" and 
the IRS has acted with " arrogance 
and lawlessness." 

Stopping these "crimes against 
freedom" must be "item number 
one on the priority list or the future 

CooUnued on Page 8 

S n Fr nk Churc h at Vacati n VIII ge dlnn r. (TT photo . 
N ·lthan M y rs) 



I 
Paid I 
Lette, to the Editor 

Gender No Accomplishment 
I am dSappointed by the childish 

tone of what has become an ap-
parant debate about feminism in 
the letters column of this paper. 
CaUing other people with' differing 
opinions "boys" and "girls" 
contributes no more to the 
discussion of the issues than any 
other kind of namecalling. 

Alan Mandel's suggestion that 
feminists ought to smile and dress 
nicely can only be taken as an 
obvious attempt to infuriate. 
Perhaps he is afraid that if he 
he'U'd reasoned debate he might 
have to confront the backwardness 
of his notions of what it is to be a 
male. He is proud to be a male, he 
tells us. 1 am not sure what this 
means. 

up clothes -on a clothesline? 
Mockingly? TriumphanUy? Or just 
as someone trying to get his clothes 
dry? Unless your reaction was 
closer to the last mentioned, I 
suspect you are still under the 
sway of the very cultural 
assumptions you object most 
strongly to. 

The tone of several letters im-
plied that there is some kind of war 
in which we all are involved, and 

which one sex or the other will win. 
I do not believe this to be an ac-
curate model of the world, and 
object to the implications that 
we've got to be nasty to each other 
to be honest to our ideals. Men and 
women together can change the 
way they relate, the way society is 
structured, attitudes about roles, 
and so on. They need to educate 
and support each other, not hurl 
childish insults. • 

MARK moLL 

Gender is an accident of birth, 
not an accomplishment. To accept 
one's gender is clearly desireable, 
but to accept anyone else's 
definition of what is appropria te 
behavior for that gender may be a 
mistake. I can only agree that it 
would be a mistake for women to 
emulate the male role model, 
which is so destructive to both 
sexes. It is here that I find fault 
with the sort of letter that calls 
men impotent ('IT, March 8) or in 
other ways takes on the mindless 
hostility - characteristic of 
misplaced aggression. It is so 
much easier to find scapegoats a nd 
yell deprecations than to work on 
real change. 

1 used to have a blue denim jacket with a gold castle restillg in a 
green field on the back. Big fish swam after little fish on the cuffs. I 
couldn't see the castle when I wore it, but it was nice to know it was 
there. A greatl deal of time and creativity was devoted to the em-
broidery by a friend of mine. 

To the female feminists (yes, a 
male can be a feminist ), I would 
urge the following sort of mental 
experiment-how do you honestly 
react to a scene of a man hanging 

One month ago it was removed from HL 1148. Since the distinctive 
design has more value for me than for anyone else, I'm offering a 
reward for its return. Information from anyone who has seen the 
jacket would be greatly appreciated. call Jim at 755-2080. 

JIM KELLOGG 

Commentary 

YSA Position Statement 
The Young Socialist Alliance 

(USA) is a revolutionary socialist 
organization active on hundreds of 
college campuses and high schools. 
We are united in one organization 
because we face a common enemy-
-capitalism, with its wars, op-
pression, a nd exploita tion. 

The YSA is a nat ionwide, 
m ultiracial organizat ion. Our goal 
is socialism , We aim to establish a 
society whose resources and in-
dustries are owned and 
de mocratically controlled by those 
who work in them and use them. 
Today these industries are owned 
by a t iny handful of corporate 
profiteers. 

A socialist society would plan its 
economy in a rat ional way to meet 
human needs. Poverty, hunger, 
and disease could be eliminated by 
using this country's vast resources 

and technology to meet human 
needs rather than private profit. 
For the first time in history, 
society could provide a decent a nd 
fulfilling life for every one of its 
members. 

The YSA is work ing to bring 
about such a society. We a re in the 
forefront of the struggle to defen.d 
the black community a gainst 
racist a ttacks, including the fight 
for school desegregation. 

The YSA participates in the 
movement to ratify the Equal 
Rights Amendment; high school 
a nd college s tudent protes ts 
against cutbacks in education ; and 
in defense of political prisoners. 
Our members are active sup-
porters of the United Farm 
Workers union and the growing 
movem ent demanding immediate 
independence fo r Puerto Rico. 

The T"ton T,mes 's recognIZed by the Communicat ions Board of UCSO as the official 
student newspaper Publication is on Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular schoot year lexcept on olliclal holidays) Editorial and business oHices are 
located tn '17 Blake Hall on the Revelle College campus . UniverSity 01 California. San 
Diego. 

Leiters to the Editor and oplOion cOlumns are welcomed . All submISSions should be 
typed on a 74 -space hne on nonerasable paper. They should not exceed Ihree pages in 
length double-spaced The Tuton Times rese","" the fight to edit submission. because 
of space hmltallons or slyle reQuifements . 

For edltor .. ' call 452·3<166 for bUSiness and dIsplay adverlisements. call 452-3468. 
Enlire con len1s copyrtght 1976. T"lon Times. 

( ri(oll (' DieS 
uc San Diego 

Mai'k Wc;::lber 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

Cr.aig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J . Lowen 
Community Editor · 

Dave Eiseo 
Sports editor 

John H. Taylor 
Editor-In-chlef 

Nathan Meyers 
Photo editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

James G. SolO 
Cltyedltor 

AnneUebler 
Copy editor 

Kenzie Nicoli 
Business Manager 

Alan Russell 
Arts t.'CIltor 

Tim MacKcnzi 
Criticism editor 

We are on the side of the 
Palestinian a nd African people 
fig hting for their li beration. We 
speak out in support of socia list 
democracy in the Soviet Union, 
Eastern Europe, and China, and 
against the bureaucrat ic regimes 
that rule t hose workers' states. 

The '{SA opposes the 
Democratic and Republican 
parties. Both parties are run in the 
interests of the bankers and 
businessmen who finance them. 
We are campaigning instead for 
the Socialis t Workers party can-
didates, P e ter Camejo for 
president, and Willie Mae Reid for 
vi ce-pres ide nt. Reid will be 
speaking on campus next Wed-
nesday' April 7th at noon in Muir 
Plaza . 

Along with theSoci;llist Worker's 
party we are suing the FBI, CIA, 
and other government agencies to 
stop the illegal harassment of the 
socia list movement. The suit has 
already forced the government to 
make public m ore tha n 4,000 pages 
of previously secret documents. 

The YSA is part of a movement 
of young revolutionaries on every 
continent who share our goals and 
political belie fs. 

Anyone interested in finding out 
more about socialism should feel 
free to visit our literature tables on 
Revelle or Muir Plazas. 

WedDelday, March3l, J976 

TRB 
Pray to Mencken 

The danger of what I will can the Henry L. Mencken Complex is that the 
Washington repcSrter comes to the conclusion that the whole perfonnance 
is put on for his personal entertalmnent, and is not to be taken seriously. 
It is an insinuating Uh.lon. Nobody before or after Mencken coulct 
describe it so pungenUy, but he Is gone and the show continues, and you 
find yo~elf saying, if he were only here. 

When President Ford the other day at the Weat Wilkes High School 
Gymnasium in Wilkesboro, North Carolina, boasted about bla handling of 
the celebrated Mayaguez affair, it needed a Mencken. Whea Ford's 
acting campaign manager, Stuart Spencer, cited Jinuny Carter's 
evangelical and fait~heaHng sister, Mrs. Ruth Carter Stapleton, last 
week as an illustration to .prove that Carter Is a "fundamentalist," 
and then balked at trying to define "fundamentalist," Mencken's gh~ 
was there rubbing his hands at the erratic 1976 presidential performance. 
In fact, maybe, the entire American scene requires a Mencken. 

Anybody can see that the system of selecting a presidential candidate 
with 31 primaries is crazy. But is it any more so than having one party 
control Congress, and another the- White House? That's crazy, too. 
Mencken adored it. 

Or take my favorite illustration, gun control. Five presidential com-
missions have solemnly linked handguns with America's bigger and 
better crime rate . Americans are supposed to object to crime, and they 
constantly demand tougher penalties to stop it. Every opinion poll of 
modern times shows ' that 70 percent or more of the public favors 
registration or abolition. of hand guns. But does Congress react? 
Congress is supposed to be the creature of the public, but pass a hand gun 
registration act in defiance of the American Rifle Association? It would 
rather go without celebrating Latvian independence day! Mencken is 
cackling somewhere in his particular paradise of beer and Bach. 

I remember that far off day in Elwood, Indiana, with Mencken, waiting 
for Wilkie's acceptance speech, interviewing pompous master of 
ceremonies Homer Capehart about arrangements for servicing 300,~ 
or-so visitors in the little town on such matters, for example, as comfort 
stations. Cape/18rt boasted that he had set lots of them, "each one a 
hundred-holer. " Mencken could hardly wait to get out of the room to vent 
his exquisite satisfaction at this addition to the American language. 
Mencken should have been in the Wilkesboro audience when Ford said, "I 
think what I did in the case of the Mayagaez is a good example of the 
decisiveness that I can act with when we are faced with a problem. I 
could do it again." 

He could do it in Cuba, for example. He and Kissinger ached to do it in 
Angola. But pussyfooting meanies in Congress blocked him. Yes sir, he 
told the literati of Lenoir Rhyne College, his proposal to spend $28 million 
to frustrate communism in Angola was cruelly thwarted. But for 
Congress, he told them, " Communism, whether it is the Soviet Union or 
Cuba , wouldn't be there today. That is unforgivable but that is the fact ," 
he told his gaping audience . 

Now that the Soviet Union " controls that very rich country," he added, 
" I think the Ame rican public wishes we had made that investment." 

The Mayaguez affair for Americans in Maya year ago was like balm to 
a smarting wound ; we had lost Vietnam and were lost on hwniliation. 
Then decisive Ford bombed the hell out of Cambodia 's Tang Island. He 
sank three Cambodian gunboats, struck the Sihanoukville oil depot 
(proved unused ), and restored America's self-respect. " There are limits 
beyond which the United States can not be pushed," said a proud Henry 
Kissinger. 

Thirty-four minutes after the US destroyer Wilson had reported that the 
American crew was all rescued, the oil depot was struck over the protest 
of neighboring Thailand from where we had launched the attack on 
Cambodia and later apologized after Bangkok recalled its ambassador. 
(The Thai students remember it and are demanding that our troops leave 
now. ) We rescued the 39 crewmen and lost only 38 or so servicement in 
doing it. 

As Mencken would sardonically observe, with a glitter from his china-
blue eyes, it restored Ford to his rightful role as national leader; in early 
May only 40 percent approved the way he was handling his office and 43 
percent disapproved; after Mayaguez came the second sharpest jump 
upward ever recorded - 11 points to 51 percent! (The sharpest gain, you 
will be glad to know, was the 17 point jump Nixon got in January, 1973 
after achieving Vietnam "peace.") 

Can anybody doubt that a lIttle Chastisement of Cuba right now would 
sent Ford's stock similarly soaring? There is a hateful little nation just 
asking to be kicked, and there is Ford in the high school gym proclaiming 
his decisiveness. It would make us all a little taller. 

The other item Mencken would have enjoyed recently is this 
preliminary confrontation of Ford's campaign manager, the competent 
and profeSSional Stuart Spencer, with the Jimmy Carter problem. The 
problem is such in Washington that you can't so much as say "Jimmy" in 
a cocktail party but what all other conversation stops and guests come 
bounding over to participate. 

At a breakfast meeting with reporters last week, campaign manager 
Spencer raised the baffling subject himself. It is here that journalists 
face the dangerous Mencken syndrome; It is so much fun watching 
conventional politicians sweating over the soft-voiced, Twice-Born 
Carter, that we are apt to lose our objectivity a little and g.ive ~e curi?us 
new kid a boost up just for the hell of it. Carter remarked In an mtervlew 
here that he planned in his first week in office to pardon all the draft 
defectors : " I don't intend to criticize the young people who left the 
country," he said, " I'd just issue a blanket pardon without comment." 

The country is worried about its future and its soul, and here Is a 
Baptist from Georgia who wins elections and stops George W~llace, and 
says he won't lie, and carries black warda and white wards In southe,:" 
states, and speaks without the slightest embarrassment about his 
relationship with Jesus. Manager Spencer noted the article about Car-
ter's chic, handsome sister, the mother of four and mystic, who says she 
will put her own work aside, "until Jimmy gets in the White Houae." 

There Is a set of standards here, and a vocabulary, and a way of looking 
at things, that no other presidential candidate in modem times, I thin~: 
has offered. Manager Spencer advanced the word "Fundamentalist, 
and then hastily retreated from It; religion, he said, hasn't been mixed up 
in a campaign since Kennedy broke through the barrier in 1960. And ~hat 
is a Fundamentalist, and is Carter one? The inquiring reporter IS as 
unce rtain as anybody. The most reassuring thing about Jinuny, perhaPS, 
is his 78 year old ex-Peace Corps mother, "Miss Lillian," who obse.rved, 
" I told him to quit this stuff about never teUing a lie, and beIng a 
Chris tian, and how he loves his wife more than the day he met her." 

Ca n we scoff at this? Menckcn, where are you ? 

WedDelday, MardlSl, lf7. ( rlf.M.fl n1(~ Page 3 

Jane Fonda, shown here at a press conference at the Linda 
Vista CommunitY Health Center, was in town Monday cam-
paigning for her husband , senatorial candidate T o m Hayden . At 

the confe rence Fonda called fo r more community-controlled 
h e alth centers, as a way to insure the "basic right" of good 
h e alt h . (TT photo : B i)1 B rooks' 

excephons, as two women found 
out just before going to bed on a 
late Wednesday night last 
February 18. One of the women 
phoned the UC San Diego campus 
police, and her call was 
automatically recorded. 

" Hi ! I want to report an 
emergency. I see four guys 
stealing wheels off cars in the 
parking lot-Muir parking lot. .. 

After describing what she and 
he r dormmate were watching and 
giving her name, the women hung 
up. Several minutes later she 
called back. 

Woman: Hi! This is the same girl 
that called before. 

P.O. : Hello, same girl. 
Woman: Yeah, wn .. .. . Do you 

guys know where they are, 'cause 
we see where they're hiding. Will 
that help them (police cars) atall? 

P .O. : Yeah, tell me, 'cause 
they're out there looking for them. 

This was the beginning of what 
turned out to be a lengthy con-
versation and search which em-
ployed an audio triangle between 
the students in their dorm room 
(four by this time), the police 
dispatcher, and three squad cars 
hunting the suspects. Later ex-
cerpts of the communications 
between the woman and the police 
show to what extent she and her 
watchful friends assisted in the 
search and capture of the suspects. 

Red Car 
Woman: They're running now. 
P.O. : They ' re running which 

direction? 
Woman: They're running to the 

red car. Okay anti now they're by 
the camper. 

P.O.: (to squad cars ) They're 
running to the red car. 

Puppal Maslars Alop Tenaya 

1I 1 ... t ra tlon : Marl< Robb 

KCBQ presents 

SAN 01 GO 
sroB'I'S AIIRA_' --=-= 

All .su ts reserved 1 71 5 6 1~ , 51~. (Includu oltkll'\l) 
T lc k~ts Avadable Jt AU 8111 Camble 's Mrn 's Stares. 

All Artna TiCktt Allnties. Sports Artna Tlcktt 011,« 
ror InfOrrNlIOli call 224 ·4116 

Pro,",uc ",", b~ WOLF I Rtrtmlll(R (Qn«(RTl 
~" - ......... " .................... ~ .............. " .... ~ 

I •• •• AI . 

Woman: Okay. In the yellow 
van, in the car next to the yellow 
van. A long string of directions and 
then finally : 

Woman: Tell ' em to turn. The 
guy in the ambulance is doing 
great. Tell 'em to go straight ahead 
and st op and that's where they are. 
Tell them to stop! 

The two college aged youths who 
we re apprehended were not 
members of the UCSD community. 
They were booked on two counts of 
burglary and one count of petty 
theft , with other charges still being 
considered. 

Among the items found in the 
suspect's car were tape decks, 
tools, batteries, clothes, tapes, and 
a car cover. Some of the articles 
were believed to have been taken 
from the Revelle parking lot, with 
the net worth of objects valued at 
over $500. Damage to the victim's 
cars has not yet been estimated. 

Precedent for Students 
Testimony from the women 

makes police believe that two 
additional suspects escaped, but 
because of the darkness a nd ac-
cessibility of hiding places, they 
were plea ed to get two arrests. 
Campus police det ective Joe 
Thornell commented that , " If the 
girls hadn't stayed on the line, 
there's a strong possibility we 
wouldn't have caught them." He 
also added, "We hope this sets a 
precedent for students. Often it 
seems that kids are a pa thetic if 
they themselves aren't being 
r ipped off." 

Mur r ay Penhollow, another 
UCSD detective, stated that, " Most 
of our arrests come about as a 
result of the cooperation of faculty, 
staff, and students." Speaking for 
the campus police, he said, "We 
just think tha t those girls are 
great. " 

The police urge all members of 
the UCSD community to call (452-
HELP) if they have the least 
suspicions about anything. "We 
don't close down at night, " said 
Thornell. 

As for burgla rs - beware the 
eyes in the sky. 

All M UIf seniors graduating In June 
musl have a final degree check by 
April 9. Applicants after that time 
will be charged a late fee. 

Pan lime secretary with Native Spanish 
or Native German knowledge. 
Challenging work connected with 
compute< language translalion. Editing 
and l or linguist Ic background ap-
preciated Call 459-J04 71 

Part tim e sccrctar. 
C ha llengi ng work connected 
\\ il h computer language 
lIans la t ion . diti ng and/ or 
litlgu i. t ic bac kground ap-
precia ted. a ll 459-347 1 . 



... 

" 

Pqe4 

Frelly 
, ..... 1 

..... lIar 
Jerry Brown 

The inevitable liberal backlash to Jerry Brown's "era of limits" 
politics has started to rise on the horizon. And it is Brown's presidential 
candidacy that will serve as focus for the tidal wave of liberal resent-
ment. 

Brown, of course, has enjoyed unprecedented popularity during his 
first 15 months in office. The last Field poll showed Brown with about as 
percent popularity. In California, home of political diversity, where the 
fringe of both left and right feel at home, Brown's popularity rating is 
nothing short of miraculous. In fact, it could never be done except with a 
politician whose philosophy is ideologically impure, so that it could ap-
peal to a wide spectrum of voters. 

Brown's philosophy is just that. He is not bound to a purely liberal or 
conservative stance on the issues. He supported the rqarijuana 
decriminalization bill and appointed the Farm Labor Relations Board. 
He is also authot of austere state budgets and feels busing has been a 
failure. 

Out of this ideological mishmash emerges the backlash. Various 
liberal politicians, schooled in the New Deal or Great Society traditions, 
have started to react to Brown. Their tones are on in outrage : What? 
Goverrunent can't do everything? How dare you suggest there is 
something government is not capable of doing? 

They do have a point. These liberals have seen government make great 
strides in upgrading the lives of certain people. They view an "era of 
limits" philosophy as a retreat to the pre-New Deal, Hoover/Coolidge 
era. 

Brown also has a point. The seventies have brought lessened re-
sources, and priorities will have to be set. A limit on government's . 
responsibilities must be found. 

Brown also has been attacked for being an old-style power politician 
masquerading in new politics clothing. Frank Church, who just happens 
to be one of Brown's opponents for the nomination, said it well: 

" I think that Jerry Brown is running as a favorite son ... (Such a) can-
didacy is (an attempt) to control a bloc of votes.lthink it's kind of not his 
style. It surprised me. Because it's old politics. It's perhaps the most 
favorite technique of the old politics - to control conventions with blocs 
of votes - and it runs directly contrary to a primary, which is supposed to 
give the people a chance to determine their preference." 

Such criticism is valid. The best Brown can really expect from his 
candidacy is a spot in the power group at the convention. Which, in a 
way, is a good thing and should be supported by Brown-backers, because 
it 's the surest way of getting parts of the Brown philosophy (whatever 
that is) on the Democratic platform. 

Still, all the apparent contradictions in Brown's character have begun 
to turn some people off. It is happening in the Triton Times office. Jim 
Soto first noticed it : the number of Brown supporters is dwindling. " I 
read that Playboy interview but started burning it halfway through. Now 
I hate him," is a common comment. . 

The tide may be starting to turn against Jerry Brown. (It will be in-
teresting to see the next Field Poll results on his popularity ratings.) And 
it's all because of his presidential declaration. The American people take 
their vote for president seriously. Some Californians have begun to take 
a closer look at Brown's record, or at least a closer look at the press 
reports of his actions. 

Continued on Page 8 
:.'11111111111111111111111111111111'11111111111111111111111111111111111110111111111111111"111111111UIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 

q l~l!.~oot:.·~Jq ht 
the n!ghtmare 

perlOrmance 
AllAN 8ROWN DRUMS 80 PERCUSStON 

LEWIS GOLDSMITH GUtTARS 

TOOO HOWARTH GRANO PIANO. 

ORGAN 80 SYNTHEStZER 

RON JONES GU tTARS 

FRANS KLINKENBERG LtGHTS 

CROMWELL·ORRle SMITH 8ASS GUt TARS 

TIM HELMS as ALEX the OROOG 

RONALO CHARLES HOGGERT .. ALICE COOPER 

LAURtE HARRIS 

7:00 PM MANOEVtLLE AUOtTORIUM 
DANCER I 

qlittereniCjht dance 
with cryslal pystal 

porfo<mint tho muSIC of BOWIE. AEROSMtTH. Z Z. TOP 
ZE""ELtN, KISS ond morot 

9:30 PM II tho ucso MAIN GYM J 
TICKETS S1.50 ON SALE NOW 

AT CAMPUS 80)( OFFICE " .. II£"-llD I'" uuo MEC".,.,ltOJIAl Artn.iflCl 
, .IIIIIII.IIII'"'"I.O'"I'" __ OIl"'I.IIIIn .... I"'I."'I"I ... '''.II'III1.lHllllnIHl."." 

• rli ••• il OM'S 
Water. SportS: Theme of Fourth College 
First Annual Tradition Day 

by Alan R ... eU 
SlaHWrfter 

Fourth College is different. Some 
might even call it strange. The fact 
is, they do things in unusual ways. 

Take tradition, for example. 
Revelle has its watermelon drop, 
Muir has its trike race. Both of 
these traditions came naturally to 
the colleges. 

And Fourth? Well, starting 
Sunday, _ they will also have a 
tradition. 

"We decided to do something 
unique," said Paula Hui, Fourth 
College resident counselor. "That 
is, who else goes around and 
purposefully institutes a tradition? 
It started with our Fourth College 
'tradition idea' contest. 

"Merle Kemble's winning entry 
so excited the selecting committee, 
which consisted of students, 
faculty and staff, that we became 
the planning committee. Things 
have skyrocketed from there. " 

Kemble's inspiration : a grand 
day of water sports and activities 
on the fourth day of the fourth 
month, culminated with King 
Neptune - accompanied by several 
mermaids - emerging from the 
sea. 

Naturally the event was to be 
called. "King Neptune Day." 

Uh-uh. Sexist. No mermaids, 
either. So at least for this year, the 
event is originally entitled "Fourth 
College Tradition Day." 

Team CompetitlOD 
So what happens this Sunday 

from 1 to 7 pm at the beach south of 
Scripps Pier and Surfside? 

"Everything," said Hui. "There 
will be music, food and good 
company, but the underlying idea 
of the day is to have team com-
petition. Coed teams will consist of 
six people and have at least one 
faculty or staff member. There are 
11 events, three utilizing the entire 
team (sandcastle building, 
volleyball and water balloon toss ), 
and six of the eight others (board 
surfing, body surfing, frisbee toss , 
pie-eating, skateboard slalom, 
treasure hunt, sandbag toss and an 
around the pier swim) are to be 

W1dertaken by .n individual of the 
team, with a team member only 
being allowed to enter one event. 
Prizes will be awarded to the in-
dividual winners. " 

Entry blanks as well as a iist of 
the available faculty members are 
at \he Fourth College provost's 

Paula Hui 

office in 302 Me. Hamburge~ and 
hot dogs will be served at the 
beach, but students must tum in 
meal cards to 'their hall 
representative by Wednesday. 
students who are not on the meal 
plan may purchase tickets for the 
beach banquet by shelltng out $1.80 
at 302 MC or 701 MC by Thursday . 

. For those who cannot get enough 
people for the six-person team, or 
those who wish to participate on a 
team but don't know who to join 
with, a sign-up list is available with 
Marty Conoley at 701 MC. Sign-ups 
must be concluded by Thursday 
afternoon, as team entry blanks 
are to be turned into 302 MC by 
Friday at 4:30. Any questions 
about " tradition day" will be 
answered by Paula Hui at the 
Resident Counselor'S Office. 

" We just want everyone to have 
fun," said Hui. "This is our lift off 
for Fourth's Tradition Day, and 
though we'll have several other 
traditions (maybe even some 
spontaneous ones), we hope that 
this will be an annual event. 

Continued on Page 8 

mURopE" CiiA-RTFM 
: Book Now--Don't wait : 
: Many Fliqhts Already Full : 
• • 
• Booking For Flights • 
• Deadline is : Leaving On: • 
• April 05 June 08 • 
• April 12 June 15 I 
• 

April 18 June 21 • 
April 23 June 26 

• April 26 June 29 • 

• I 
•• SPACE STILL AVAILABLE ., 

ON SOME FLIGHTS 

• I 
• CIEE I 
•• Student Bill Keller & M ark Dana II 

U SO International C enter 
• Travel La Jolla. Cal if. 92093 I lk . 452·0630 :J ServICes . Open Weekday 12-4 pm --" 

••••••••••••••••••• 

ROOM DRAW 

MESA 
for UG 

REVELLE 

MUIR-
APTS. 
DORMS 

THIRD 

FOURTH 

DEADLINE 

4 / 2 

4 / 5 

Noon 4 / 9 
Noon 4 / 9 

4 pm 4 / 6 

4 :30 pm 
4 / 12 

ROOM 
DRAW 

4 / 9 

ELIGIBILITY 

See Resident Dean 

Revelle students 
fi,.st. Others-space 

4 / 14-4 / 16 available Excep-
tions for Theme 
Suites 

9 am 4 /13 
9 am 4 / 15 

4 / 13 

Evening of 
4 / 15 

Mui,. students first. 
Othe,.s - space 
available Excep-
tions fo,. Theme 
groups 

Third Students 
Only 

Fou,.th Students 
Only Exceptions for 
Theme Suites 

CONTACT 
Rick Baye,. 

X2586 

Phil Kirchner 
X3027 

Willie B,.o""n or 
Cha,.yl Liang 

X4200 

Yolande Trevino 
X4340 

Paule Hui 
X4582 

THEME HOUSES Include For.lgn Languag •• Quiet Houa •• Wlldern •• a Hou ••• 
Water Sporta Houae and Community Houaa. 
Student. may a!gn up In group. for .ult.a at Muir. For furth.r Information on room 
draw. and theme houaea, can the paraonallatad abov •. 

wedlletday, Mareh 31, It7t • rlfoll fl OM'S Page 5 
Records 

II Aurora" Should Bring Panty -the Audience He Deserves 
by Daniel Shawler 

Staff Writer 
Aurora, Jean-Lac Ponty. 

Atlantic Records. 
With "Aurora," Jean-Luc Ponty 

has realfinned his status as one of 
the instrumental greats of 
progressive jazz. There is no jazz 
violinist of equal magnitude. 
However, Ponty has never done 
well on his own. He always seems 
to attract more notice under the 
direction of other, better known 
musicians: first Frank Zappa and 
the Mothers of Invention. then 

aesthetic. superb, anc! elec-
trifying- all at the same time. 

The fast and frantic pace 
acquired during Ponty's tenure 
with the Mahavishnu Orchestra is 
gone, replaced by a more relaxed 
and subdued effort. Only the first 
cut, " Is Once Enough?" has the 
typical Ponty-Mahavishnu sound, 
but with a slight difference. More 
emphasis is placed on melodic 
expression than on speed and pace. 

The remainder of the album is 
more remimscent or one of Ponty's 
earlier works, " Open Strings." In 

Jean- Luc Ponty 

Barry Lyndon Soundtrack. Warner 
Brothers Records. 

Stanley Kubrick has always had 
impeccable taste in music. Indeed, 
the soundtracks from "2001: A 
Space Odyssey." and "A Clock-
work Orange" contributed heavily 
to the success of the movies. The 
use o( Richard Strauss' " Also 
Sprach Zarathustra " as the 
opening theme of "2001" and the 
choreographed version of Johann 
Strauss Jr .'s " Blue Danube 
Waltzes" were masterpieces of 
soundtracking. Equally effective 
was Kubrick's choice of 
Beethovan's Ninth Symphony and 
Rossini's Overture to "William 
Tell" for " A Clockwork Orange." 

Now, Kubrick has given the 
world "Barry Lyndon ," and the 
music used throughout the 
masterpiece is a large part of the 
gift. Never before has a director 
made such excellent use of music 
as Kubrick in "Barry Lyndon." Set 
in the Ireland, England and 
Germany of the 18th century, 
" Barry Lyndon" examines a 
young Irislunan as he moves from 
the peasantry to the aristocracy. 
Fittingly, the soundtrack moves 
from the music of the peasantry 
(I rish folk music ) to that of the 
aristocracy (orchestral music of 
the baroque and classic eras) . 

Grenadiers" and "Lilliburlero" 
are stirring enough to call any 
young British subject to arms, as 
they did Redmond Barry in the 
([1m. The Prussian qualities of the 
"Hohenfriedberger March" by 
Fredrick the Great point out the 
militaristic aspects of life in the 
1700s. 

The use of chamber music in the 
latter half of the "Barry Lyndon" 
was the most impressive quality of 
the entire film. Any movie that 
contains music by Handel, Mozart, 
Bach, Vivaldi and Schubert must 

those by the Festival Strmgs 
Lucerne and the Munich Bach-
Orchestra, respectively. 

The best, .however, is the main 
theme from "Barry Lyndon"; a 
Sarabande by Handel. The 
majestic qualities of this baroque 
dance not only sets the mood at the 
beginning of the film, but helps 
carry the film by surfacing during 
the two duels. 

No better glimpse of the beauty 
of Stanley Kubrick 's " Barry 
Lyndon" can be obtained than by 
listening to the main theme on the 
soundtrack album. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

At tention Revelle Spring 
Graduates: A list of students who 
have declared theor candidacy for 
Spring Graduotlan has been posted 
autslde the Re velle Pravost's 
Office. Please make sure that your 
name IS an It. If yau have allY 
questoons, contact EI iza In Ihe 
Provost 's Office 

Elton John on "Honky Chateau" 
and finally with John McLaughlin 
and the Mahavishnu Orchestra . 

His own group, the Jean-Luc 
Ponty Experience, proved to be 
popular in Europe but never fully 
received the acclaim they 
deserved in the US. In May of last 
year, Ponty released his first solo 
venture since 1972, " Upon the 
Wings of Music." It was disao-
pointing. Ponty's own per-
formance, and those of his backup 
musicians, such as bassist Ralphe 
Armstrong, were accept&ble, and 
at some times well done, but the 
overall effort lacked credibility: 
the music was too thin to carry the 
album. 

"Renaissance." for example, 
Ponty forsakes his better known 
electronics in favor of an entirely 
acoustic work, an experiment not 
without its results : "Renaissance" 
is the best cut on the album. 

People familiar with Ponty from 
his work with John McLaughlin 
will tend to look upon the music in 
"Aurora" as a new sound for 
Ponty, but this is not entirely true. 
When he joined the Mahavishnu 
Orchestra as co-soloist, Ponty 
altered his sty Ie to fit that of 
McLaughlin. The sound present on 
"Aurora" reverts back to the days 
of the J ean-Luc Ponty Experience. 

Stanley Kubrick 

The progress is easy to see on the 
soundtrack album. The first 
quarter of the album contains ' 
traditional Irish music such as 
" Women of Ireland." The next 
quarter is composed of military 
marches such as the "Hohen-
friedberger March." Finally, the 
last half of the album contains 
chamber music of the 18th century, 
such as Franz Schubert's German 
Dance No. 1 in C Major. 

be effective. Special kudos must go 
to Kubrick for his choice of or-
chestras for Vivaldi's Cello Con-
certo in E minor and Bach's 
Concerto for Two HarpSichords in 
C minor: there are no better 
recordings of these pieces than 

Human ities and SOCial SCience 
students: Would you Iokp, to leorn 
how to program In BASIC? SCI and 
Tech 20 IS being offered this 
q uart er (2 units) No moth, sCience 
or computer backg round 
necessary . Coli Ed Coughran at 
X4050 for detools 

CompUler Literacy: Wa lk in 
sessions for Computer Literacy ore 
being held Mondays. 3·5 p . m . in 
the Computer Terminal Classroom . 
1836 APM. A ny studen t can get a 
Com pUler Literacy A ccount at 1141 
APM. A stound your froends, 
mystify your neighbors: Leorn 
BASIC. Call Ed Coughran 01 X4050 
for more Information. 

"Aurora," the best album of the 
first quarter of 1976. Ponty's violin 
playing is, as usual, better than 
good. It is brilliant, artistic, 

In ."Upon the Wings of Music," 
Ponty tried to imitate the 
Mahavishnu sound and ended up 
with an empty album. Back in his 
own style, Ponty seems stronger 
than ever. 

:.: 
; ', 

All of the Irish folk music con-
sists of the unique and pleasing 
instrumentation of violin, viola, 
recorder, mouth organ, harp, and 
percussion. In the film, the music's 
function is to set the mood, but on 
record, it stands alone . The violin 
and harp music of Sean O'Riada's 
" Women of Ireland" is especially 
beautiful. 
The fife and drums of "British 

: : ::' :: 

Housing rates for 1976/77: 

Coast Apartments-
Residential Apartments for married students 
and 510gle gradu81es 

SlUdlo 
1·Bedroom 
2·Bedroom 

$t 10.00 
St36.oo per month 
$149.00 per month 

Resident Halls- . 
Room and Board · t9 meal plan 

Revelle & F~U"h . double occupancy -
St ,725 per Ao:ademlc Year 

Revelle & Fourth . single occupancy -

SI ,775 oer AcademiC Year 

Muir. double & slngleoccupancy-

SI .730 per AcademiC Year 

Mesa Apartments-

2·Bedroom S t 62.00 per monlh 

New Mesa Apartments-
1·Bedroom 

2· Bedroom 

3·Bedroom 

St65 .00 per monlh 
$210.00 per month 
S248 .00 per month 

Undergraduate Apartments-
MUIr. Thord. and Camous Apartments 

$895.00 per Academ~ Year 
C8.IJlPUS A}JBrtlnents Students living on campus for the entire Academic Year Villi be eligible 
with UNo-Frills" for a t2 month contract but will be requ ired to live at the Campus 
Academic Year 
12·monlh 

$775 
$925 

Apartments during the summer months. 

t2·month contract - St 50 more for the summer months 

No Frills: 
ApplicatIOns .re now available for to " No· Fro lis' ap rtments at Mesa for 1976 /77. The fOllow ing services will not be Inctuded Furniture . 
Ionen , tollel paper, tlghlbulbe , w3SIebasi<ets, vacuum cleaners, brooms, mops. dustpans. Any student Is eligible. Inctudong those already 
haVing reserved rooms al other dorms or apanmant facilities. Proorlty will be given to groups of fOlK, Ihen 10 O'oups ot two Olhers w,lI be 
placed on a waiting tlst upon request. Application deadline Is April 30 Apartment draw will b May 3 
Applications c.n be picked up at the Campus Apanments Resident Dean 's Office. 
For ful1herlnformlllon . contael lhe Resident DeanCounseloral Revelle, Muir. Third. and/or C mpus Apartments 

:' . .' 

best lo""er level and floo,. seats 
including front ro""s ... . FOR 

Loggins & Messina, Chicago, BTO, 
Paul McCartney & Wing., 

Elvis Presley • 
Deposit guarantees a GOOD seat! 

Also, Robin Trower and Marshall Tucker. 
S.D. TICKET SALES 273-4567 call anytime 

for more info 

The U.c. San Diego Campus Program Board 
presents: 

April 4, Sunday, 8pm Mandeville AudltOiium 
UC 0 ST $3, G.A. $4 

Ti kets: UC D Box Office Info: 452-4090 



Pqe' • rI ••••• IIII('8 

tRiTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates 

Classllieds should either be printed or typed on a 3" x 5" cwd (available 
in Triton Times office) . They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The lollowing rates are lor 100 spaces - II you use more spaces, the rate 
will dOUble . (1 ()I) spaces -- 25 cents; 101 to 200 - 50 cents) . 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found -- Iree 
Other ads: students -- 25 cents 
nonstudents -- $1 

Deadlines: 4 pm Friday lor Monday; 4 pm Monday lor Wednesday; 4 pm 
Wednesday lor Friday. 

Announcements: Iree. All announcements will run in the Monday 
calendar. Deadline for calendar : 4 pm Friday. 

(All additions or corrections to listings in the Schedule 01 Classes lor 
regular Universi ty courses will be charged $1). 

LOST It fOUNd 
LOST: A red wool coat on Thursday before 
finafs . Please f Call Barry at 466-4938 or 465-
8928. (3131 ) 

FOUND-one pr 01 glasses in a green soft-
case on corner of Torrey Pines & La Jolla 
Shores. Pick up at Triton Times office . (3131) 

To person who ripped off backpack from us B 
2722 Tue. Mar. 16 biochem finat keep pack 
return my notes. Ph. 453-1758 no Quest ions. 
Mike Shaw (3131) 

LOST: Belge bike glove . If you found it, will 
you ptease calt me? Thanks Eileen 453-5346 
(4/2) 

LOST one btack wallet Mon . afternoon . 
Please call Kevin at 453-1742 (3/31) 

Whoever found my HP-35 calculator in Urey 
Hall . call Chris at 453-7141 . Reward. (3/31) 

• SERVICES 

TYPISt. IBM term paper, thesis . dlssertatoon. 
etc . editing . rush jobs. xerOK 560-8171 , 452-
1588. (613) 

Auto work: tune up brakes, minor repair, lube 
and oil, good work , low price Mike 436-3667. 
(4/12) 

housiNG 
Roommate wanted : slngte rm. in townhouse. 
5 min . from UCSD. Jacuzzi, poot , tennis . 
FurniShed . $125 per month + utilities. Call 
453-7421 (4/2) 

Roommate wanted tem own room In house 
With 2 others North PB toring nonsmoker 
$100 per month . 488-9758 (3/31) 

Roommate wanted to share 2 bdrm apt in 
Solana Bch. Pool , sauna , tennis courts prefer 
female 755-8448 (3131) 
Female roommate wanted own room $92 
Coast Blvd in Del Mar755-4171 . (3/31) 

Roommate wanted: share 1 br. condo. In Del 
Mar ocean view all utilities Inctuded call Tony 
453-0054 . (4 /2) 

For city beach . and bay properties call Ctaire 
at Shark Realty 223-8107 or 222-4630. (4 /5) 

Home 3 5g1 rms furn kitchen & launt;lry 
facilities Un IV . City Brodget 453-1758 (eves) 
$100 mo. 4 week min (3131) 

DON'T CELEBRATE 
PASSoVER 

til you find out about the communal " Seder" at Chabad 
House . The traditional meal is served as a full course 
banquet . An interesting and enthusiastic " Seder" is 
permeated with authentic "Chasidic" warmth . song and 
spirit. Continuous translations and explanations ac-
company the readings . R .S.V .P . Only! Call 286-
4 74 7 (Special Rates for Students) 

.............. .... .. ............................................ 

Friday, April 2 

"TOMMY" 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

7:30 & 10:00 $1 
~9@9988B89@jjjijjjijjijjjijiE]Siiiiiiii]]33i§ 

Saturday, April 3 

''nodes Ka",ileQ" 
by Kurosawa 

USB 2722 

7:30 & 10:00 $1 
TICKETS: UCSD BOX OFFICE ONLY 

For sale! Immaculate 3 br ., 2 ba, Del Mar 
home on Longboat way near Torrey Pines 
Park . New carpet, drapes and paint. Special 
fireplace-conversation area $67 ,900. Call 
ChiQUita Abbott Realtors 453-5464. (4 /2) 

Roommate needed to share 2 bedroom apt. 
with male who works at Scripps fnst. Close 
to Wind n Sea Beach , La Jolla. 115 /mo + 
'12 utilities. 454-4074. (4/2) 

Female roomate wanted to share ocean view 
Cardiff apt. 18 min to UCSD $107.50 mo. 
avallabfe Apr 4. 753-4322, Beth (4/2) 

WANTEd 
Opening lor partlme sec. with native 
knowledge In Spanish or German and 
background In ling . CaIi459~7oo . (4/2) 

Need ride to Arcadia Thurs. after 3 pm or 
Friday morning. Nancy 755-0518. Will help 
with gas. (3131) 

Short calculus: An Appt ied Approach , 
Sallz-Joe after 7 755-5586. (3/31) 

CORONADO CARPOOL are there some 
going? I'll pay for gas . 424-8723. Thanks 
(3/3t) 

Wanted: rode to Palo Alto . 413 & 4 /4. Can 
leave Thurs. after 2:00 pm, return Mon . 
Adrienne 755-5306. (3/31) 

fOR SALE, 
Backpackers' stove. SVEA 123, new $25, 
eKcellent working condition , used lOX , $14 . 
452-4104 . Dave. (3/31) 

2 tickets Chicago concert Fri. Apr. 2 eKC . 
lIoor sea ts $20. 224-1765 (3131) 

Custom speaker cabinets very efficient 
w/eKcelient sound S30 453-0924 ask lor Ted. 
(3/31) 

Moving safe 234 Barbara Solana Bch Sat . 6-
12 books dresser table & chairs congas , 
guitar. bed etc. (3131) 

Peugeot U08 ladies' mlxte bicycle $100. Ask 
lor Marn Starr X3077. (4/2) 

Books for sale lor the following classes : 0 -
chem (& lab) , P-chem, & genetics. Call Karen 
at 452-8656. (4 /2) 

Want to drive car to San Fran Mon Apr. 5. 
Please call Messner 459-5213. (3/31) 

Yamaha stereo receiver CR600 3 mos . old 
xlnt cond $300.00 or best offer. Call Ed eves . 

271-(~32 . (3/31) 

PERSONAls 
Libertarian party : free market economy, 
abolish victimless crime laws!! (3131) 

Libertarian party VP candidate Dave Bergtand 
will speak Fri. noon Revelle Formal Lounge. 
It's Free!'(3/31) 

Putzy porky psuedo-rich mate desires naive 
female-type companion (eg. Nancy) to be 
Impressed by tennis and to help eKptoit 
backseat of Mustang II . Preferably 14 or 
under. Call Sam Spade or Alan 453-0597 . 
(3131) 

TRAVEL 
EUROPE & TAHITt CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY . CtEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD IN-
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12-4pm. 452-0630. (613) 

CAREER PLANNING? 
CONSIDERING WORLD AFFAIRS? 
Come to 

THE MONTEREY INSTITUTE OF FOREIGN STUDIES 

ARABIC. ASIAN STUOIES • CHINESE . EDUCATION . ESL • FRENCH 
GERMAN • GREEK' , HEBREW' • INDONESIAN' • INTERNATIONAL 
ECONOMICS • INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT. INTERNATIONAL STUDI ES 
ITALIAN' ' JAPANESE • LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES. NEAR EASTERN 
STUDIES ' POLITICAL SCIENCE • PORTUGUESE ' • RUSSIAN • SOVIET 
STUDIES, SPANISH • TRANSLATION & INTER PRETATION . WEST EURO· 
PEAN STUDIES ' TRAINING FOR SERVICE ABROAD • SUMMER SESSION 

• Summer Session only 

An Independent college and graduate school gran tong Ihe B.A .• M.A. degrees. Teaching 
Credential s; Certificates In Translation , InterprelatiOn. Conference Interpretation . 
Short ·term language tl atnlng. 130 miles south of San FranCISCO . Accredited bV the 
Western ASSOCiation of Schools & Colleges, Calolornla State Board of Educatoon. 
Veteran 's Approved . For further In folmatoon. visi t wi th Ann Thurber, 
Assistant Dean of Admissions, Thursday, April 1, 
2:30-5:00 p.m . Appointments may be made through 
Career Plann ing and Placement. 

-*********************************** 

WE'VE MOVED!! 
o 
lICRilRY 

Third 

.. c;::J 

.. 

.. ,.. 

.. ,.. 

.. ,.. 

.. . ,.. 

.. Off-Campus ServIce ,.. 

~,.. (np ( ' .(h, I~"AI OPPOPTUut TY pOl). Ih''l !: ,.. ",,- '~r rtC( OF ACAOC'UC suprORT ";IJ ~ IIISTRUCTIOtIAl S[RVIC[s) Aim : I I J -CAl SERVICES (HOUS I'IG A.~O ,rM POATATIO~) 1~\Yr , V(O ,.. 
: IIIll! ','1 TTlI(:~ C~'lPUS ,.. 
.. :i..!!' ,TUOf ~T C[~T£r. COMrl r ( : 
.. o.U IIOllfc n ,.. 

: : ,..**********************************~ 
4; •••• "" •• • ••••••••• • • j • •••••• • •• ,. , •• , •• f' •• ,. f , t·,.t" 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Are you interested in doing 
volunteer work? The Student 
Volunteer Program has I istings with 
complete descriptions of volunteer 
placement possibilities throughout 
the Son Diego areas as tutoring, 
recreation, counseling and health-
related oreas. Usually, the only 
requirement is a sincere interest 
and a desire to help others. For 
more information, come to the 
Student Organizations Office , 
Sfudent Center North or call ex-
tension 4617. 

Attention Revelle stud-ents : 
Positions for 76-77 now open for 
Interns, Orientation Leaders, RCCA, 
Program Boord. Get details about 
jobs and how to opply al Job Info 
Ses~ions in the Community Cellter 
today at 11 or tomorrow at 2 p . m . 
Application deadlines: OL's, Apr il 
5 ; Interns and RCCA, April 16; 
Interns and Orientation Leaders 
need referrals from Studen t 
Employment_ For more in -
formation , contact Mary Dhooge at 
ext . 3490. 

Writing Course : Students who have 
passed Subject A but wont to 
further i mprove their writing may 
enroll in Lit / Eng 10 (2 units) Spring 
Quarter. Work on your popers for 
other courses or create your own 
writing assignments . Two new 
sections have been added , 
focusing on the psychology of 
wr it ing in order to help the studenf 
understand his writing problem s 
and learn to write in 0 way tha t 
excites him . Coil 452-2522 or come 
to HL 1254 for course descriptions 
and more information. 

Do you or your group have talent? 
Would you like to win up to $50? If 
you can answer yes to those 
questions, audition for the UCSD 
Tolent Show. Auditions will be 
held April 5 and 7 at the Revelle 
Cafeterio. They are open to 
faculty, students and stoff in 
musical and non - musical 
categories. Sign ups at EDNA. 

Gliller Night ... Concert and Donce. 
An April Fools evening with the 
Nightmare Performance ... an 
audiovisual adventure in mus ic, 
lights and dance produced entirely 
by student professionals . Night-
mare, a local rock group, w ill 
perform the music of Alice Cooper 
In a production punctuated by 
theoter, modern dance and special 
effect lighting. Concert begins at 7 
p . m . in the Mandeville Aud itorium. 
Tickets are $1 .50. Following the 

performonce there w i ll be a gliller 
night dance. Crystal Pystal will be 
performing for your dancing 
pleasure in the UCSD main gym. 

Fourth College Commuter Students. 
Please complete your commuter 
qu stionaires and drop them in any 
of the envelopes marked for th is 
purpose. These envelopes are 
located in the Fourth College 
Provost Office, bookstore, Revelle 
Snack Bar , Coffee H ut, Coast 
CrUiser, Regi strars Office ond the 
Revelle Community Center. 
Deadline is Apr il2 . 

A representative from UC Son 
Francisco will be at UCSD Thursday 
Aprol 8 from 10-2 p . m . on MC 412 
room 17 . Various opportunities 
avaolable In health sciences field 
woll b e~plalned. Thi S wollinciude 
th " Health SCiences SpeCial 
S rVIC s Program" for 
soc ia conomlcally drsadvontoged 
srud nt Applicaloon proc dures, 

It Ibollty and CUrricula woll b 
dlscu s d. 
•••...• ••.. •.. ,'I".\~'."', If ',' 


