
by Dorothy Houston 
Staff Writer 

In an effort to point out poorly lit 
or unlit areas on campus, mem-
bers of the Rape Task Force of the 
Women's Center guided Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Mfairs George Murphy, Health 
and Safety Officer Al Rea and 
Third College Dean Beverly 
Vargas through the campus 
Sunday evening. 

Members of the newly formed 
task force indicated they are 
concerned that not only does 
inadequate lighting exist on 
campus, but that many of the 
existing lights do not work. 

Evident Concerns 
The latter concern was clearly 

evident on the tour Sunday. 
In some places complete rows of 

lights did not function. All the 
lights along the path next .to the 
Humanities Library between Argo 
Hall and the Revelle parking lot 
were out. A row of lights in the 
parking lot behind Third College 
near Central Library did not work. 

"It's not that there's a rapist 
behind every bush, but tl'Ie chances 
are there," commented student 
Chris Shaffer of the Women's 
Center. "We are concerned with 
the places women have to go," she 
said. 

Along with Ute path by HL and 
the parking lot by Third College, 
other "bad" spots noted were the 
path by the International Center, 
the path through the eucalyptus 
trees east of the parking iot bet-
ween Third College and Mandeville 
Center, the road from Gilman Dr. 
to the UCSD Theatre and Matthews 
Campus in general. 

Some. bus stops were completely 
without lighting. Shaffer noted that 
at a bus stop near Revelle she 
"couldn't even see if people were 
there or not." 

The six or so students on the tow' 
made various comments along the 
way. As the group passed three 
foot-high "ground lights" next to 
bushes that didn't work one woman 
said, "Bushes frighten me ." 

CEP Vote Within T\NO Weeks 
Tide Turns in PE Credit Issue 

Task force member Jo Borardt 
discussed how she tries to deal with 
poorly lit areas around Central 
Library. "I find myself taking 
alternate routes but even then I 

Continued on Page 3 

by David Eisen 
Executive Editor 

A vote on PE credit was post-
poned by a committee of the 
Academic Senate (AS), though 
members seemed to be in favor of 
giving units in a tum of events late 
in the meeting. 

A Triton Times poll last week of 
a majority of the Committee on 
Educational Pplicy and Courses 
(CEP) revealed that most of the 
members of the eight-professor 
group were against allowing units 
to PE classes. 

The CEP had turned down 
requests for credits for two PE 
classes earlier in the month, and 
had decided to review the 16 
classes that are already given 
partial academic credit. 

The turning point in yesterday's 
review meeting came after PE 
head Howard Hunt had delivered 
his arguments for the continued 
unit support of the 16 classes. Hunt 
had not appeared to waver the 
views of many of the CEP mem-
bers. The members were then told 
for the first time that all of the UC 
schools with the exception of Santa 
Cruz and San Diego already allow 
at least token optional credit for 
PE. 

Surprised, one member said 
"Then I take back everything I 
have said. If they (the other UC 
schools) give the units, why 
shouldn't we?" Another member 
proposed a policy in which all PE 
classes would be worth 1/2 unit of 
pass/not pass credit, with a 
maximum of four units total per 
student. 

Knights in Shining Armor: A 
Flashback to Merry Old Days 

by Marlene Herman 
Staff Writer 

Dressing up as a barbarian can be fun, at least for some people. Last 
Saturday and Sunday some barbarians, as well as knights, peasants and 
damsels in distress acted out their traditional roles in the Califia 
Anniversary Tournament sponsored by the Society for Creative 
Anachronisms (SCA). 

The SCA, with an active chapter at UCSD, is a world-wide organization 
dedicated to keeping the Middle Ages and other past eras alive in these 
hectic modem times. Their latest tournament was typical of many. On 

( 
I 

, " love courts" were held where heartbroken knights and 
dam els told th ir love problems to a jury of clever, but questionably 
sympathetic, ladies. aturday night was a time for feasting and a 
spectacular costume party. Sunday's events included Peasant hunts and 

ontlnued on Pag 8 

The CEP then decided to post-
pone a vote until more information 
of policies of other schools could be 
found. The vote, according to one 
member, will be within two weeks. 

Hunt appeared to be pleased with 
the changing trend of the meeting, 

sider strongly what they learn 
from other schools' policies. 

The PE credit question was 
brought into the open last week 
when CEP realized that its own 
sub-committee had last year 
authorized units for some classes, 

Howard Hunt (TT Photo. Bill Brooks) 

saying later that he felt the CEP 
"dealt with my argument with 
consideration and in an open and 
fair manner." He said that he 
hoped the committee would con-

apparently unaware of a long-
standing policy against PE credits. 

Referring to this conflict, one 
CEP member yesterday asked that 

Continued on Page 3 

Semester/Quarter Debate 
Gains-Momentum on Campus 

by Jeff Fenton 

The question of the University of 
California ' switching to the 
semester system has arisen at 
UCSD. Despite repeated votes by 
students at many UC campuses 
against such a switch, faculty at 
many campuses have voted to 
make the switch. Other faculty are 
considering such a vote now. 

The San Diego Division of the 
Academic Senate met 
yesterday and devoted part of 
the meeting time to a report of 
the Executive and Policy 
Committee on the Quarter v. 
semester system. Also 
discussed was the results of a 
recent straw poll of the faculty 
on thls issue. An article on this 
meeting will appear in Mon-
day's Triton Times. 

The relative merits of the 
quarter system and the semester 
system are being debated on all 
campuses. The financial impact 
for UCSD of a switch is currently 
being evaluated by Dr. Ronald 
Bowker, campus Registrar and 
Admissions Officer. Bowker 
supplied some data on certain 
financial aspects of a possible 
change to semesters. In the 
Registrar's Office, at least, there 
would be "several inunediate cost 
reductions. " 

About $6,500 out of $19,000 per 
year would be saved on postage. 
About $15,000 out of $80,000 per 
year in computer expenses would 
be saved. This savings is not ful1¥ 
one-third since some fixed costs 
are incurred in initializing each 
student' record in the fall. In total, 
about $25,000 in Registrar' Office 
expense would be saved. 

No Employ Layoff 
Bowker expects that no em-

ployees would be laid off as a result 
of decreased office business. He 
also expects that the quality of 
service to students would improve, 
that office workers would feel less 
pressure, and that there would be 
fewer student problems to settle, 
due to one fewer registration 
perIod per year. As an example, 
over 55,000 add-drops are 
processed per year under the 
present calendar. This figure , 
Bowker said, would decrease 
considerably. 

On Wednesday evening, 
November 17, in the Revelle 
Community Center, an open 
discussion was held regarding the 
quarter v. semester controversy. 
In attendance were three 
professors, (Drs. Aifred Manaster, 
Mathematics; Ben Williams, 
Psychology; and Thomas Dun-
seath, Literature ; ) and Hazel 
Alksnis, Assistant to the Revelle 
Provost. Also, about ten students 
attended. 

Poltits and Conclusions 
Among the points raised and 

conclusions made : 
A poll of the faculty at the 

Berkeley campus in 1974 showed 
that undergraduates were opposed 
to a change, but that opposition 
was less among upper~vision 
students . Graduate students 
favored th change. 

Some n( w students favor the 
quarter sy~tem as a change from 
the em tt'r ystem at their high 
schools. In the quarter system, 
there is u Udlly less to tudY'for a 
given final "8m. ~ u f-
cla tudents at Berkele who 
favor d a chang to mesters, 
po sibl explanations r "' that 
om were bored and wanted a 

change, and that other were mor 
oerien d and therefor b tter 
• ootinued 00 Pag 7 



Letters'to t EcItor 
The Indi, idual Must Decide -
The Wo h of College Degree 

Regarding your ~ovember 10 article "Is a College Degree Worth It?" 
The question must. be answered by each student, for a person pursues a 
college degr-,e for a number of reasons, only one of which may be a job 
upon graduation. 

Though I do not wish to add to the "Job jabberwocky spewed forth by 
economic cneer· leaders like political candidates and placement of-
ficers," it should be noted that your unemployment figW'es omitted an 
important fact: tbe lowest unemployment rate in the U.S. is for persons 
with four or more years of college. 

That it takes time and effort to find a job is absolutely correct! To 
decide on career options takes even more time and effort, and it should. 
The process is complex and should be studied as one studies for class or 
an academic major. 

The staff of UCSD's Career Planning & Placement Service is here to 
assist students with the career and job seeking process, much as the 
faculty assists you with your learning process. 

Continued on Page 7 

Marxist Letter is 'Repulsive" 
Not only did Mr. Burns' Marxist 

article outrage me, but also in-
duced my aged grandmother to 
vomit on my foot. Laugh if you will, 
but I am indignant. 

Mr. Burns is obviously insane. 
(Le. ·aazy, nuts, bonkers). He 
should not be allowed to live among 
decent people. By comparing this 

Discrepancy 
Noted in UTe 
Article 

Whether or not the use of mixed 
units, acres and square feet, is 
intended to confuse or mislead 
perhaps by design, there is a 
numerical inconsistency in your 
article on the University Town 
Center (UTC) Development (Nov . . 
17 'IT). A 105 acre development 
constitutes 4,573,800 square feet. 

How can this be "approximately 
one-third of the original three 
million square foot development 
proposed by the developer Ernest 
Hahn in 1973?" 

This discrepancy cannot be due 
to comparison with the size of 
Fashion Valley after subtraction of 
the housing component of UTC. 
Since the housing component oc-
cupies 300,000 square feet, it 
comprises only 6.5% of the 105 acre 
development. 

JIM HERRING 
Grad., SID 

school to Boise, Idaho, he has 
ca lL'Ied civil unrest in that mid-
western city. The usually docile 
citizens of Boise, after reading Mr. 
Bums' repulsive article, took up 
clubs and beat the city mayor to 
death causing the mayor's widow 
extreme annoyance. 

This article also insults the 
school administration by referring 
to them as " bureaucratic intestinal 
fungi." I am sure ·that the people in . 
the administration do not consider 
themselves to be intestinal! 

Mr. Burns cannot be totally 
blamed for the article considering 
his flagellating personality and 
mental state. The Triton Times 
should take the responsibility for 
printing such filth . Obviously the 
emulsified liver bile who run this 
grotesque excuse of a newspaper, 
have not the common sense of a 
denatured platypus, (pardon my 
language). 

However, even Mr. Burns' most 
ardent critics have had to admit 
that he in no way resembles Anwar 
Sadat. 

In the future, I should hope that 
the intensified fecal matter run-
ning the laughable Triton Times, 
will restrain their limited minds 
and refrain from printing such 
insignificant, irrelevant, and in-
cestuous articles. 

Boisterously yours, 

FREDERICK W. BURNS 

Next Pro/Con 
The question of a possible return to the semester system has risen 

again. Should the University of California change its academic year 
from three quarters to two semesters? Should the semester end before 
or a fter Christmas break? 

The Semester System: Pro or Con? 
The Pro/Con column is written by the UCSD community. Each week 

a topic will be submitted for your consideration. We ask that you 
submit your responses in writing by next Monday at 3 p.m. 
Representative samples of your opinions wiU be published the 
following Friday. 

Submissions should be typed and qouble-spaced, on a 74-space line. 
They should not exceed 1-112 pages in length. 

I - .,.- -

I -
.. -

i 
I ' 
, 

• 
.r. 
I 

; 

---

. " 

- ~:: ~' . ~: 
.. .;: ',,'" ., '" i : ,p.~' 
. . , 

.- .' 

- , 

- -'~ I 

W~y. November", IJ7I 

Agent Confirms Oswald "Doub'le" 
by Dick RlII8ell 

PacHlc News Service 
The existence of an "identical twin" for Lee 

Harvey Oswald-living here and arrested and 
released on a federal gun charge shortly before the 
assassination of John F. Kennedy - has been con-
finned by a fonner agent for the Treasury Depart-
ment's Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms unit. 

With a congressional probe of the JFK 
assassination in the offing, Frank Ellsworth, now a 
Regional Public Affairs officer in that agency's 
Dallas bureau, broke a 12-year official silence to 
describe "an a,!Jsolute dead-ringer for Oswald" active 
at that time with the rightwing Minuteman 
organization. 

" I have a vague recollection that this man was 
questioned about the assassination, but not by me," 
Ellsworth told PNS. " Possibly nobody paid much 
attention because Oswald was in custody. We weren't 
looking for a fugitive. " _ 

While refusing to divulge the individual's name and 
passing off the incident as probably "sheer coin-
cidence," Ellsworth admitted that the look-alike still 
resides in Dallas. 

---

He also said that a number of state, federal and 
local officials had been aware of the man's existence 
after the assassination. Yet no mention of him ap-
pears in the Warren Report or any of the unclassified 
file material at the National Archives. 

Almost from the moment of Oswald's arrest, 
numerous witnesses claimed to have seen the alleged 
assassin driving a car, though Oswald didn't drive. 
They had also seen him in a gun shop, at a rifle range 
and cashing a check in a grocery store. 

But while the person they saw gave his name as 
"Oswald" and apparently matched the description 
perfectly, the Warren Commission concluded there 

was overwhelming evidence that the real Oswald was 
elsewhere at those times. The witnesses were 
discounted as "confused" or " mistaken." 

For years, the commission's critics have 
speculated that an Oswald look-alike may have been 
used by conspirators to impersonate and possibly . 
help frame Oswald - blazing a trail of misleading 
evidence to implicate him as a lone assassin. 

A Dallas deputy sheriff, for example, gave chase to 
a man who ran from the Texas School Book 
Depository and climbed into a Rambler station 
wagon a few minutes after the assassination, later 
positively identifying him as Oswald. But according 
to police sources cited in the Warren Report, Oswald 
was already far away, riding a bus toward his home. 

Now Ellsworth confirms that witnesses who 
believed they saw Oswald target-practicing at a 
Dallas rille range - some of the more incriminating 
sightings - were actually seeing his "twin." 

" I do remember two instances where Oswald was 
supposed to have been at someone's house in North 
Dallas, and I was able to ascertain after the . 
assassination that it was actually the look-alike," 
Ellsworth said. "These were times where witnesses 
thought they saw Oswald in the company of several 
Minutemen. 

"One of these times did involve a group of 
Minutemen at a rifle range. Several of their names 
came up in my conversations with him, and I'd noted 
at the time that he was out shooting with them." 

Double-Take 
The Oswald look-alike first came to Ellsworth's 

attention "sometime in the sununer of 1963," when 
the agent began tracking him to try to determine his 
connection with local arms smugglers. That fall, 
Ellsworth arrested him on "ilne of the gun 
violations," then released him on bond a short time 
before the fateful Kennedy trip to Dallas. 

. Inunediately after the assassination, when 
Ellsworth was called to a police interrogation room to 
question Oswald about the rifle found in his supposed 
assassin's nest, the agent first believed that it was the 
same man. 

"Oswald was sitting in a chair about 10 feet from 
the doorway when I entered," Ellsworth remem-
bered. "All I could see was headlines that I'd just 
turned loose the man who killed the President. 

"When Oswald spoke, I realized they were two 
different people. But they had identical build, weight, 
coloring, facial features and hair. They could have 
passed for each other." 

Ellsworth refused to speculate on whether the man 
he'd arrested might have known or known of Oswald. 
He did say the fellow "claimed to have done some 
anTIS smuggling in and out of Mexico," where Oswald 

CooUnued 00 Page 7 

(,riton times 
L't· ....... 

Slall wnte .. PnKI""II ... _, ....... 
EXECUTIVE BOARD Reed Alpert Cindy Heffron 

M.C. Brien JudyWlnon 
DBvld Eisen · Ellecut".edltor Ted Burtte Abbe Wool 
Mart< Sladler - Managing editor DBveCohen I'IIotOO ........ 

Alan Russell · ..... editor J.C. EdIIlberg ShImon Aikman 
Alec Nedelman • AuocIet. N .... edNor John Hlberslroh Tom Brown 

Vera TOdorov · Community edI'or Jon Halperin Chris Sherman 
Ran Anbar - OpInion editor Marlene H.rman •• u .... tOnI 

James G. Solo · Achertlelng M ........ Margaret Hewey DenlaeCle'" 
Becky DeVinney ' Production _n ..... Dorothy Houslon JOdy Eurm .. 

Sue Nealon -Copyedltor Ron K8Io Mark Robb 
SColi Sad II • Sportl edlto. Laura Richie< 51 ... Skublnn. 

Tim MacKenzie· Artl editor Kirk Robinson OfllceM ....... 
Bill Brool<s · Photo .cIItor Sue SChaffner V.onneL.; 

Joel C. Don • AlSOCII'. Newl edllO, Wesley Weda Dan Lanne. 

Sar. J Lowen' A .. ""II'e new. edllor 
PaulWalry Meg SChaulele 

Adwer1Ie1ng Depert_t 
AIIII ... 1 Production M.n .... ' Pcn .... lilli Ion 
snaun. Stokes Malcolm Smith 

ENTER FREEly - -
ANd of YOUR OWN will 

MARk STAdlo 

'l1le Harvest Fair aDd Cnlialnl Broadway 
It was a strange collection of freaks and rednecks. It was howlin', 

footstompin', shitkickin' bluegrass music and health food. It was stetsons 
and full~lor pictW'es of the sea. 

It was the Harvest Fair and Otrisbnas Crafts Market, Saturday night 
downtown, the heart of downtown. But the latter won't be a key until 
later. . 

Stadler, Russell, Nedelman and Brooks flashed their VIP passes at the 
old man at the gate, who greeted them with a drawled howdy. A 
halfhearted attempt to set the mood, thought Stadler, already prejudiced 
against the fair. 

They entered the Convention and Performing Arts Center, and opted 
for the large display hall to the right, rather than its twin to the left. 

The news release that accompanied the VIP passes proclaimed that the 
Harvest Fair has been a great success for several yeats in the Bay Area. 
Come hear country music and see downhome entertainment. Buy 
Chrisbnas presents. Eat good food. Have fun. 

But no piece of paper could have 
prepared Stadler and his friends 
for the mindbending juxtaposition , 
of disparate elements present in 
the hall. 

The han was filled with many 
colorful booths, each in its neatly 
alloted space. The dealers sold tie-
dyed clothing, bagels and 
creamcheese, hats (which 
Nedelman and Russell almost 
bought), obscene coffee mugs, 
chocolate chip cookies (which were 
very good), hand puppets, baked 
potatos, pipes and the inevitable 
and countless displays of turquoise 
jewelry. A horde of people strode 
together in serene order. 

But a harvest fair atmosphere 
was never established, at least in 
Stadler's mind. A suburban 
dweller since he was five, he had 
always associated a harvest fair 
with barns and hay and apple juice 
and pumpkins. None of these was 
present. The fair resembled 
nothing more than a sanitized 
Tijuana. 

We decided to leave. Russell 
wanted to take a darknigbt stroll 
down Broadway, via Horton Plaza. 

Broadway is the center divider, the railroad tracks that halve down-
town San Diego. Above Broadway, toward Highway Five, is relatively 
safe territory. Below Broadway, though, is the home for society's wreaks, 
especially at night, when lonely sailors haunt porno houses and hookers 
take to street corners. 

Horton Plaza is the nexus of it all. Located on Broadway, it was once a 
nice place for respectable folk to take the sun. Now, rundown, it serves as 
a rendevous for the badcraziness of San Diego. 

The four university students must have looked quite anomalous, even 
hilarious, to the normal center city-which is the code word for downtown 

Continued 00 Page 7 

It A II f!iJ5) 
Adds Up 

( ; ~ 
.1). .~. ift'. 
'~~~' 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

University City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego. CA 92122 

453·8030 

Member 01 F 0 I C 

La Jolla OHlce 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

459-9711 

Page 3 

Rape.. PE Credit .. 
[C-onUnued from Page 1) 

have difficulty - my main com-
plaint is Central Ubrary, which a 
lot of people have to use. Tfle 
lighting ls poor getting to its 
various parking lots." 

Mandeville and Third, and Mat-
thews CamplL'l." He blamed the 
bulk of the problem on burnt out 
lighting, circuit breakage and 
timing mechanisms. 

[ConUnued from Page 1) 
a "consistent, coherent policy be 
developed to avoid this in the 
future." A letter to the committee 
from the UCSD provosts, however, 
asked that no action be taken until 
more information could be 
acquired. 

Another woman on the tour said 
there had been "four reported 
rapes (at UCSD) last year, and we 
don't know how many occurred 
that were unreported." 

WalIdoglnPain 

Murphy felt the starting point to 
deal with the problem is to "work 
out maintenance problems. " He 
agreed that there should be a 
maintenance worker available on 
weekends if needed to maintain the 
lights. 

Hunt was challenged early in the 
meeting to explain .the academic 
virtues of the 16 PE classes, which 
were generally divided into four 
categories: diving, dance, fencing 
and rehabilitation. He also an-
swered questions on the lecture 
style of the classes and the num-
bers of students involved. 

Vargas noted that some staff 
women now walk in pairs to their 
cars, and ex~essed concern that 
there are no lights on the ('oller-
coaster like road north of Central 
Ubrary. 

A list of the poorly lit and unlit 
areas noted on the tour is being 
compiled, and will be given to 
Murphy. 

At the end of the tour Murphy 
said, "The areas that most con-
cerned me were the International 
Center, the path through the trees 
east of the parking lot between 

A " Rape Awareness Week," 
sponsored by the Women's Center, 
the Feminist Coalition and the 
newly fonned Women's Support 
Group of the UCSD Student 
Cooperative Union, is now being 
planned. 

He went on to explain that many 
of the classes are tied to an 
academic department (drama) 
and that some of the advanced 
classes build toward a type of 
credential. 

Oswald ... 
[Continued from Page 2 ) 

reportedly traveled in September 1965. 
While the real Oswald was apparently a leftist and 

member of the Fair Play for Cuba Committee, his 
"twin" was an equally committed right-winger. 

In a Warren Commission interview with Ellsworth 
dated April 16, 1964, there is no mention of the look-
alike. But the interview does credit Ellsworth with 
several revelations "of value:" 

-" At the time of the assassination of the President, 

t· ..... ··"'··"· .............. ··"'· ·~··"'··'· ...... · ...... 1 
i~OMMUNITY1 
,BLOOD BANK} 
f 983 India ! 
t 327 F Street t 
l PAYSDONORS i 
f for Service ~ 
f . !". I Mon.· Frl. 
; 233·5481 t 
, 234-460] , \ . 
.. ...... ~ ........ " ......... ~ ...... ~ ........ ' •. '".tf 

EARN 
THE MIA 
WITH AN 

GRADUATE 
FACULTY AT 

RUTGERS 
"One of America's 

top Graduate Schools of 
Business Administration." 

From A Guide to Executive Education 
in Business Week Jlfagazine 

Rutgers, The State University, 
offers you an opportunity to 
study with one of the nation 's 
most distinguished faculties in 
management education -
whether as a full-time or part-
time student. The Rutgers 
MBA program is one of three 
in the N.Y. Metropolitan Area 
accredited by th American A -
sembly of Collegiate School of 
Business. 

Trimester study program. 
Full-time admi ions June and 

eptember. Part-time admis-
sion eptember and February. 

OnL'~n ie ,,' lora tlons on our Newark 
Campus and in the N ew Dru nswick Arca. 

there was almost no information available to the 
goverrunent concerning the activities of Dallas 
Cubans and other groups in iUegal armaments. 

- " An organization known as the Minutemen is the 
right-wing group in Dallas most likely to have been 
associated with any effort to assassinate the 
President. 

- "The Minutemen are closely tied to Gen. (Edwin) 
Walker and H.L. Hunt." 

Paul S Nadler, pn.D .-NeN 
York UnlverSjty Nati onal Au · 
thouty on Bank ing Regulat 
Colum nis t In Th e Ameri · 

c~n hnller; Author, Consul-
tant and Advisor 10 banks 
State and Federa l AKencles 
Professor of Business Ad -
Ir'u nfstrallon 

A Monftm EI-Melt, •• Ph .D. 
- london UnlverstW Inter 
natiOnally kn own clinical 
psychologist, author , lec-
ture" and consultant. Spe· 
cialls t In leadership beha -
vior and problems of trans· 
c ultura l co mm unications 
Profenor of Organltation 
Behavior 

S Gforge Wal lers. Ph 0 -
New York un'verslt) former 
lop corporate el ecu t lve , 
luder In Creative Manage· 
ment Planning , deyeloper of 
the school's unique Inter -
lunc llor.al Management Pro-
gram au thor , Professor of 
8uSIness Admin istra tion 

Rosa Oppe nhem1. Ph . D 
Poly t ecnn l c Institolte of 
Braokl)" ReCIpient of the 
rucher of Ihe Year Award 
Research and Publ ications 
In ".htt'lemahcal ProgrJm · 
mlnlt' Jnd Crap h Theory 
Member Society of Women 
Engi neel:. and Operations 
Resnrch SocIety of Ame,-
Ica Assis tant Professor of 
BUSiness Adminls1ration 

1C)-------------· 
i~~:~:~s : 
I Graduate & hool of Rusin~ \ dminislralion I ~2 New Streel. Newark. . . 10'2 
I PieR. send me lull info, mAhon on your I MBA program. 
I N.m< ______________ . ______ __ 
I Add. 
I C,I 
I 

______ ."tate ______ Z.p __ 

-

I 
I 

# , 



(]()sslflt?cls:--JlJst 1~~ 
fC)f U{SI) Sluclf?f)h 

UCSD BIKE SHOP 
Feattuing the 
Viscount Line 

New Bikes . Parts 

Open 10·5 Weekdays 10·3 saturdays 
Located in the New Stud net Center 

(Near EDNA) 452·4279 

Serving North County 
and UCSD ... 

Specializing in Water and 
Flexible Contact Lenses 

Orthokeratogy 
Visual Perception 

1150 Camino Del M ar Suite B Del Mor 
For on Appointment 755·5484 

STUDY AT 

TEL' AVIV 
UNIVERSITY 

, 
, 

ACADEMIC PROGRAMS 

-------~ --- -- .- --- _ ... _----- --------------

fllfl?~()~ f~§ 
fll()ll3lf 

I\lff,( J!()~IIl§()1I 
Michigan is going to the Rose Bowl. Maryland is going to the Cotton 

Bowl. Pittsburgh and Georgia will meet in the Sugar Bowl. And the BIG 
NUKES and HUMP AND RUN will tangle in the Cadaver Bowl. The 
Cadaver Bowl? 

Yes, the Cadaver Bowl. 
Instead of the ho·hum, boring championship playoff game of past 

years, the Intramural Department is instituting Bowl Games to help 
determine the champions. The festivities surrounding the games as well 
as the indiscretions of the Bowl Committees in their selections of teams 
should provide more excitement than was found in past years. 

Rumors are already beginning to fly as to who the participating teams 
will be. Cadaver Bowl Selection Committee Chairman Mike Hipp has 
confirmed that BIG NUKES (5-2) have been chosen to face HUMP AND 
RUN (6-1) . It was a surprise selection because the BIG NUKES finished 
no higher than third place in their league. 

A reliable source has reported that the Animal Bowl Selection Com-
mittee has invited FroUM SCIT (6-0) and SCRIPPS (6-1). Those rumors 
were unconfirmed at press time. 

The Banana Bowl is waiting for the'outcome of two late season games 
before making its selections. BHANG SQUAD (6-1 ), KANK DUXSTAD (6-
1), LOS BORRACHOS (6·1 ), and RAW lYJEAT (5-1) are apparently the 
teams still in the running for the bowl berths. 

The Climax Bowl, the big game for all the aspiring coed teams is also 
having trouble determining its representatives. Teams that appear to be 
under consideration at this point are RIVIERA YACHT CLUB (6-0), 
MOBIUS (5-1), OFF COEDS 16-0 ), UNHITCH (5-0) and ROUGHRIDERS 
(4-2). 

This last weekend there were some big games on all levels of play that 
helped eliminate some teams from bowl consideration. Among the losers 
were some big names, OUR GANG, DERELICTS, OWEN SEVEN and 
ONASTICSPASM. 

Since there was a complaint this last week that I fail to give enough 
coverage to "B" league games I will begin with a run down of the-im· 
pOl'tant games in that division. But in doing so, I must admit that I am not 
omni-present and therefore must rely on eyewitnesses and scoresheets 
(which many teams fail to fill our properly) for my reports. 

KANK DUXSTAD eliminated the MEDS from Banana Bowl con· 
s ideration, 6-0 . Joel Balbien caught a pass from an unknown quarterback 
to give KANK the edge. Unfortunately for the MEDS the endzone is only 
10 yards deep. If it were 15 yards deep the score might have been dif-
ferent.. 

OWEN SEVEN, one of the top ranked teams all season long was 
humbled by an awesome, but unknown RAW MEAT team, 42-18. 

LOS BORRACHOS feared running attack, led by Vic " Black Frost" 
Mattox , went into high gear to destroy the ROCKETS, 34-14, and end any 
hopes the ROCKETS had for a bowl bid. • 

ONASTIC SPASM, another top rated team, fell from bowl con· 
sideration in dropping a 20-12 decision to the BHANG SQUAD. The win 
enhanced the BHANG SQUAD's slim hopes for a berth in the Banana 
Bowl. . 

HUMP AND RUN and the BIG NUKES pulled off a couple of big upsets 
to earn their invitations to the Cadaver Bowl. BIG NUKES beat OFF 
ONE MORE TIME, that's right , they beat OFF ONE MORE TIME, 13-6, 
on a spectacular punt return by Matt Lewis. HUMP AND RUN humped 
the unbeaten Dere licts 12-0 in the first half, then ran off with a 12-7 win. 

ICE FIRES had their hopes on the Animal Bowl berth extinguished by 
FIDUM SCIT, 20-13. After taking a 7-0 lead on an end around by Dave 
Shiels, the ICE FIRES were unable to contain Jimmy Roudebush and the 
SCIT offense. Roudebush threw for 3 TO's to give SCIT a 20-7 lead, then 
SCIT defense took over to douse a last minute ICE FIRE rally. 

SC~IPPS probably earned itself an Animal Bowl berth as they upset 
prevIOusly unbeaten OUR GANG, 24-13. Trailing 13-12 late in the second 
half, SCRIPP's Charlie Johnson hit Larry Ritchie for two late TO's to 
knock off the heavily favored GANG. 

RIVIERA YACHT CLUB and OFF COEDS will meet in a crucial game 
next week that could determine one of the berths for the Climax Bowl. 

Continued on Page 6 

Basketba 
by David Eisen 

Executive Editor 

The real sport is ready to begin. 
Basketball, which regularly at-

tracts more students and excites more 
fans than any other athletic event at 
UCSD, is just two nights away. 

The most startling early news has 
been no news: no Triton has yet been 
declared ineligible. Two years ago an 
ineligible reserve guard pulled UCSD 
out of an NAIA play-off spot. Last 
year a 6'10" center was deemed 
athletically ineligible after two 
brilliant scrimmages. 

This season ... nothing yet. 
Though coach Dick Satterlee 

Lyle Smith I IT Photo: Bill Brooks] 

his current team has more talent on 
an all-around basis than last year, he 
refuses to predict where the Tritons 
will finish. UCSD was 11·15 last year, 
but it missed the play-offs by just two 
games, and then only because of a 
late-season fold. 

Where the Tritons had an over-
abundance of gl,Ulrds in 1975-76, they 
now seem steady everywhere, with 
little experience but no gaping holes. 

The first test is Friday, when UCSD 
hosts its third ann~l Invitational 
tournament . Hastings College of 
Nebraska, Cal Lutheran and USIU 
will take part in,the two-night battle, 
which has been owned by USIU in the 
first two years. 

The Tritons meet Cal Lutheran at 8 
pm, immediately following the 
preliminary game. The consolation 
match is scheduled for Saturday ~t 6 

San Diego's On', 
Appearanc. of 

CYCLf 
SlUTS 

AMERICAN & CANADIAN STUDENTS 
Noy. 28, 29, 30, Dec. J, 2 
Tichts Go on Sal. Monda, Noy. 22 
801 Offic. o,..n J·6 ~ ONE YEAR OR ONE SEMESTER 

LII. ACADEMIC CREDITS [iI COURSES OFFERED IN ENGLISH 
JUDAIC STUDIES 
MIDDLE EASTERN STUDIES 
HUMANITIES 
VISUAL AND PERFORMING ARTS 

ULPAN. DORMS ON CAMPUS 

AMERICAN FRIENDS OF TEL AVIV UNIVERSITY, INC. 
342 MADISON AVE., NEW YORK, N. Y. 10017 

SUITE 1426 • (212) 6875651 

TO TIll lIlT 
or LOOMY TUM. 

ST ARTS TODA Y 
__ See 291·" .. 

,or .... """ ... , 
Inf.,...".. 

4025 
Paelle 

Highway 

New Coach , High Hopes 
by the championship 

are in the main gym, 
nml" "'" is free to students. 

look at the 1976-77 

: Dick Satterlee, a UCSD 
coach last year, takes over 

one .. yellr basis for Barry Cun-
who is on sabbatical. Sat-

has 18 years experience on the 
school level, and played on 
I A.A.U. squads. He appears to 

to communicate well with his 
OrE:re(lUil,ite for successful 

DlIl>l"""""" coaches. 
Mallory Mitchell, among 
Triton basketball qistory, 
.~ "''' n ''''' . Bart Bradley, a part-

last year, will not play 
because of an anlde injury. 

much of the offense to Ken 
(13.1 points per game last 

a fiery 6'0" senior returnee who 
does the impossible with a 

n Tom Omalev is just 
will start at the other guard 
of the time. His quickness 
. have impressed Sat· 

Against tall guards, Omalev 
replaced by 6'4" Bob Frazier, a 

from Cal Poly San Luis 
Reserves include junior Ken 

and junior Joe Greenstein. 

Forwards: 6'4" senior Lee Gardner 
returns to his starting spot of last 
season. Though his defense and 
rebounding were strong, his shooting 
was suspect. This aspect of his game 
has improved, along with renewed 
confidence. While Frazier will get 
much of the playing time at the other 
forward spot, freshman Gt:rry 
Hwnphrey will take over when 
Frazier goes to guard. Satterlee 
favors 
and feels that experience is the only 
quality lacking. 

Hot·shooting 6'7" Lee Brockett, and 
Tom Nicholson, who Satterlee calls 
the best fundamental player on the 
squad, are reserves. Nicholson can 
also play guard. 

Centers: 6'7" junior Lyle Smith has 
improved each year, 'and be opens his 
second season as starting center. Last 
year's most proficient rebounder and 
second best free thrower, Smith is 
now a steadying influence while on the 
floor . 

The reserve is 6'6" freshman Mark 
Runyan, a strong but inexperienced 
player. Brockett can also play center. 

Outlook: It looks very strange, 
indeed. If UCSD is still breathing after 
December, a month when the Tritons 
will meet Denver University, 

Colorado State, the University of 
Wyoming, UC Irvine and the 
University of San Diego, prospects 
wiUbc good. 

Dick Satterlee ITT Photo: Bill Brooks] 
If UCSD can enter the league 

schedule in January with a few wins 
uiJder its belt, with few injuries, with 
no ineligibilities and a little luck , the 
NAIA play-offs certainly don't appear 
to be an impossible goal . 

WaterP910 Teams Win Tourney Titles 
by RonKato 
Staff Writer 

intercollegiate program enjoyed it's biggest 
in recent years this past weekend, when both the 
volleyball and men's waterpolo teams, emerged as 

of post season tournaments. 
1976 season for both sports came to a close with the 

the respective volleyball and waterpolo 
Millenbah and Gary Becker were extremely 

their teams final perfonnances. 
'''I1JIO'''I<III'S squad, their- final victory m!\rked the first 

conference and tournament title had been con-
won in the same season. There was some disap-
felt among the Triton team members, however 
antiCipated showdown between conference co~ 
UCSD and USO'in the championship game failed 

the sleeper in this year's tournament play 
off USD in the semi·finals and ruined their bid for ~ 
with the Tritons. In the finals, Mira Costa nearly 
even greater upset when they extended UCSD to 
before falling 14-16, 15-7 and 15-11. The Tritons 
to rally from an 8-2 deficit in the third contest to 

tourney. 
is the best women's volleyball team in UCSD's 

" commented coach Millenbah. "We've worked hard 
and the victory was a total team effort." The Tritons 

the ~ucleus of thfs year's championship squad, 
services of seniors Holly Stewart and Teresa 

for next fall's title defense. 
the waterpolo team: their NCAA Division m 

counterparts in the Riverside Invitational proved to be of no 
match for the Tritons. UCSD, opting to go against some 
larger universities and colleges during their regular season, 
performed at that level of play in the invitational and showed 
invincibility. Outscoring their opponents in total goals 65·23, 
the Tritons went undefeated enroute to the title . 

UCSD, entered in two tournaments held over the weekend, 
played a total of eight games within a two and a half day 
span. Coach Becker, anticipating before the season of 
carrying a junior varsity squad (later combined with the 
varsity due to a shortage of players), had the Tritons par-
ticipating ill the National Invitatio'nal Tournament held at 
Claremont as well as the invitational at Riverside. The 
Tritons still finished a respectable third in the NIT tourney 
losing only to champions Cal St. Hayward 11-8 and to 
Occidental 8-5. 

Turkey Trot A Success 
Over fifty runners trotted through a three mile cross-

country course last Saturday in hopes of winning a twenty 
pound turkey for Thanksgiving. . 

The object of the second annual "Turkey Trot" was to 
come as close as possible to the time the runner predicted for 
himself before the race. Muir student Barry Carlton won the 
turkey by running his predicted time exactly to the second. 
His time was 18:30. "I'll probably never do anything like it 
again here - it is my pinnacle of achievement at UCSD.' , 

Cathy Gardner and Dorothy Houston were the first women 
to finish the race. They C8lI!e in exactly at the same time. 
They each won a chicken. 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 
PRE~ARE FOR : 

MCaT O~er35years "I of experience DAI .nd succe. 
LOT Sm.1I Classes il Voluminous hom. BRE study materi.ls 

Courses that ,re ARSI constantly updated 
DCAI CPAI 

Tape facilities for 
r..,"" of el_ I_n, and for u. 
of supplementary 
materials 

FLEX M.ke-up, for 
. milled 'e.ons ERG 

NAT'L MED IDS 
SAT-VAT 

SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2110 Garnat, Pacific: B...,h 92109 

Phone 714·270·6810 

~ 
EDUCATIONAL 

CEII/TER 

Bunch. in majo, us citi .. 
and Switzerllnd 

DeiRE DollARs? 
SEn Ads FOR TltE IT 

CAn 4~2-J468 

Page 5 

COpy SHOPS MON .·FRI. 8:30-5:30 SAT. 9 :00·1 :00 

XEROX COPIES 
NO MINIMUM. 

KEARNY MESA 3 cents with Student 10 
8333 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Phone 560-9002 

SAN DIEGO 
1303 5th Ave. 

Phone 238-0033 

Levis for big guys. 

They 're called Levi 's for 
Men . But they're for 
anyone with muscles . 
Or a bigger frame . Great 
styles, in great fabrics. 
But now more comfort· 
able. Sizes 34 to 42. 

4688 CONVOY 
MISSION VALLEY 

Attention 
Juniors I 
Train for the 

Navy's sky now. 
How would you like to receive 
$300 , 000 worth of flight train-
ing a t t he Navy ' s expense? This 
t raining is guaranteed as an 
Aviation Reserve Officer Candi-
date (AV ROC) . AVROC means 
excitement and challenge while 
traveling , flying and gaining 
self-confidence in a wo : ld of 
professionals . Juniors apply 
now to reserve your seat. There 
is no obligation! 

Be Someone Special. Fly Navy. 
FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT: 

LT. FRA NK BUSH 
(714) 293-6444 Collect. 



McLean ives Great Show 
But Wh Is He So Obscure? 

by J.C. 1I'MlJ..r& 
8&affirlti 

I 
Don McLean, IICCUIDp8nied only 

by bimaelf on gull-v and banjo, 
turned in a moviag perfotmance 
Friday niPt In the gym. stickinl 
mainly with tested material such 
as" ArDerican Pie" and "Vincent", 
McLean demonstrated to a wannly 

"-onk: 
RE·7110 
FM/AM/FM Stereo Radio with 
BuMt·in Cassette PlaYllf/Reoord· 
1If. Two Panasonic "Thrusters" 
SB· 180 speakers. Illuminated 
linear scale FM/AM slide-rule tun-
ing. Stereo-eye. Large tuning 
meier. Fixed AFC on FM. Sepa· 
rate bass, treble, balance and 
volume controls. Automatic re-
cording level oontrol. Auto-Stop. 
Level meier lor recording. 3·digit 
lape coomer. Fast lorward/Pause 
control. Microphone included . 
Simulated wood cabonet. 

LA JolLA 
Music 

1128 WAll ST. 
LA JollA 
4~9-JJ7~' 

receptive crowd his fine vocal 
abilities even thoqh his voice was 
poisoned by, as he put It, "Los 
Angeles' oral!Je air. " 

In addition to a cOllection el 
beautiful baOads and not so silly 
love songa, McLean found time for 
some tunes IX social relevence, 
taking stabs at the media, the 
presidency and even ·the record 
industry. 

The perfonner closed out his set 
with a tribute to Buddy HoUy, who 
was McLeans' music idol and a 

. major influence on his career. 
'Ibere are, however, a few 

puzzles to Don McLean's career. 
After following up the tremen-
dously successful "American Pie" 
with several hits, he has been 
mysteriously unproductive. Once 
slated for superstar status, 
McLean drifted into obscurity. One 
may only speculate why this is so, 
but perhaps the answer can be 
found in his apparent spiritual 
rather than commercial com-
mitment to his music. For now, we 
will have to be content in waiting to 
see what direction his career 
takes. 

Opening the concert was a two 
man act called "The Fly By Night 
Revue. " Playing guitar and 
ukulele, T.F.B.N.R. presented a 
variety of songs, mainly from 1900-
1940, about such subjects as 
prohibition and the railroads. The 
duet was entertaining but suffered 
from the length of its act, which 
was stretched to nearly fifty 
minutes. 

Fourth College Presents 
"Lovers and Other Strangers" 

& 
"The Strawberry Statement" 

Sunday November 28 
Fi'ms will be sltown at 7:00 pm and 10:30 pm 

Matthews Cafeteria 
Tichts A vai'ab'e at tlte Door 

UCSD SI. 00 Genera' Admission S I. 50 

Lessons 

IJ( 
1&~DII(iO 

The Death of the Sixties' Ideals 
by Mupret Hewey 
..... Marksa.Der 

The tbeme elite ... ,'. QIIdrm, writes ita author 
Robert Patrick, lOla the death of the Idea of heroes u 
guides f~ our Uve"" . 

~ play, oow at tile Old G~ 'lbeatre in Balboa 
Park, concerns five characters wbo are oui of place 
in the seventies bec8U8e their heroes aDd dreams died 
with Jhe sixties. They regularly gather in a bar on 
New York's Lower Eut Side,' to get loIt in tbeir 
drinks and tbir* about the past, wben tbInp were 
"better. " 

1 iw .... 11 Iiouiond and Jim Osborne portray disillusioned 
d",,,,clers i/l Kennedy's Children. 

Each major character represents a strand of the 
sixties. One idolizes John KeMedy and the Camelot 
myth that surrounded him. Another Is equally 
reverent toward Marilyn Monroe, and dreams el 
being a sex goddess like those prevalent in the sixties. 
A third represents the radical activism of the period. 
A fourth symbolizes the mad and often brilliant 
creativity that flourished then. The fifth is a Vieinam 
veteran, whose mind is tom by drugs. 

Patrick chose the monologue method to convey his 
message. There is no dialogue in the play, but rather 
a succession of soliloquies in which the characters 

reveal their feelings. ThIs represents the alienation IX 
the cbaracters: they never listen to each other, but 
rather lament their situatloaa in solitude. 

However effective symbolically, this technique 
could have detracted frem the stage production by 
be<:oming monotonous. But, for the IDOIt part, the 
cut performed their difficult aalgnments well. And 
the cut, because of the use of monologues and the 
resulting lack of a traditional plot, Ia the key to . 
Iteuedy'. Cld1drea. 

Gwen Hovland, plaYinI the upiring sex goddess, 
outshone 'her fellow actors. AJj Carla, her flutlon' 
with the silttIes centers around the movie star 
system: the Monroes, Turners and Taylors. Her 
perfonnance was impressive because she conveyed a 
variety IX convincing emotions. Her monologues 
were filled with unexpected higt. and Iowa, with 
touches of self-deprecating humor and egotistical 
flourishes. 

Ann Krill, as Rona the activist, was also im-
pressive. She represents the Kennedy legacy of ac-
tivism, the feeling that people can do anything. But 
her spirit has faded, she has suffered too many 
defeats. Krill exuded a feelin8 « worn bitterness, 
cloaked in self-protecting memories of the past. 

Possibly the key role, though, belonged to Diane 
Sinor. It is her part as Wanda, the person who idolizes 
the Kennedy memory, to bring his magic back to life 
for the audience. She succeeds. Her dreamy-eyed 
monologues were consistenUy solid throughout the 
perfonnance. 

The most important issue of the sixties, Vietnam, Is 
represented by Kelsey Grammer, who plays a 
veteran named Mark. He sits in a comer « the bar, 
swilling beer and reliving his war experiences 
through his diary. His role was filled with emotion, 
although he occasionally became melodramatic to 
the point of monotony. 

Bill stilwell played Sparger, a gay underground 
actor who longs for the creative freedom of the six-
ties. During that period he wasn't alone, as he feels in 
the seventies; he was part of a group that didn't 
worry about anything " except whether we wanted to 
do it." His perfonnance was marred by occasional 
overacting and by author Patrick's seeming 
preoccupation with homosexual and transvestite 
jokes. 

Jim Osborne, as the bartender, enhanced the play 
with his sarcastic side glances at the other charac-
ters. 

Helping to set the mood for the production was 
director Craig Noel's judicious use of background 
music and sound effects. The extremely realistic set 
also helped in this regard. 

Despite a few stylistic flaws, the Old Globe's 
production of KeDDedy's ChBdren Is a success and 
worth seeing. It is a thoughUul study of the origins of 
many of the problems our society faces today. 

Kennedy's ChDdren is playing at ~e Old Globe 
Theatre through Dec. 19. 

Nugent's 
Rude Rock 
Is Coming 

Holidays Inspire Classics 

Ted Nugent will be headlining a 
concert this Tuesday at Golden 
Hall . Special guest stars are Rush. 

Tower of Power will come to 
Golden Hall this Saturday with 
special guests Orleans. 

This Monday is the premiere 
night for the University of San 
Diego Jazz Series. Perfonning will 
be famed jazz artist Les McCann in 
the Camino Theater. Appearing on 
the same program is the Joe 
Marillo Quartet. 

Barry Manolow returns to the 
Civic Theatre on December 11. 

The uom Music Department 
invites everyone to sing carols at a 
Christmas program today at noon 
in the Mandeville Center a~cove, 

first basement. Visiting faculty 
artist Tamas Ungar has planned a 
festive program. 

Music from Britain heralds the 
Christmas season of the La Jolla 
CiviclUniversity Symphony and 
Chorus, Saturday, December 4 at 8 
and Sunday, December 5 at 3 in the 
Mandeville Auditorium, UCSD. 

Music for instruments and voices 
and accompanied by speCial tape 
and visual effects will be offered by 
a group of enterprising musicians 
of the UCSD Music Department 
Monday, December 6 at 8 in the 
Mandeville Recital Hall. 

Friday Evenings In Del Mar 
opens its season with a per-
fonnance by the UC Santa Barbara 
Musica Mundi Quartet. Works by 
Mozart, Hindemith and SChwnaM 
will be performed Friday, 
December 10, in St. Peter's 
Church, Del Mar. 

Pa,e7 

~------------------------------------~--------------------~----------------------------------------

[ T RiYON TiMES ClAssifiEd· Ads I Seminar on 10nelinellS . Three Monday evening sellSlona. Begins Dec. 2. To enroll, call Dr. Holden :272-6124(11/29) Tune Up . Discount prices, all work quaranleed . Call lor a Iree 
diagnosls lest lmate (atter 5 p.m.) 453-9153 
(11129) 

EARN UP TO S300 PElt SEMESTER OR 
MUCH MORE! Campus R~pa wanted to post 
dlslribute lor commission . Lines guaranleed 
to sell . Aggres lve. motivaled persons . Few 
hours weekly . Send resu", & $2 for job 
description , Inlo . sheet • • appticatlon lorma, 
post ~ handlg . Upon acceptance receive 
coding number, Inernb. card , work manual 
Iree Wl lh Ii,st weekly commission check 
receive you, $2 back . Wrile Nat ionwide 
Collegiate Market ing Se"lces , Bo. 1384; 
Ann Arbor. "1148106 . 

PERSONAls 
Academics , IIOCI.I poIentlal , .. xuality. 
I,nances. career seU-«lualilallon. lhe 
numbers let I all .bout you and your sell. 
What will this yr. bring? 'Nflle: Your nurn-
berology . Box 611. UI Mesa92041 . 

Eccentric people ~ curious books. Fine 
bGoks bought !I. sold Ex Ubrls Bookstore In 
Solana Beach 75!).7323. ' 

IMPO RTANT STUDY ABROAD AN · 
NOUNCEMENT; Umlted openings remain on 
CFS accredited Spring 19n Academic year 
program. commencing Spring trimester . 
Earty acceplance Is now open lor Fall n , 
Winler. Spring '18. or lull yaar '77·'78 In 
Moscow, Salamanca. Paris. Ollon, Florence, 
Perugla. Copenhagen. Amsterd ... . Viema, 
Geneva, England lor quail lied applicants in 
languages, all subjects Incl. Inl1 law. 

bUsl~8 . All .tudenls In good standing 
eligible · Freshmen. Sophomores, Juniors. 
Seniors, Grad. Good laculty relerences. sell· 
motivation, sincere Interest in study abroad, 
int'I cultural exchange count more wilh CFS 
than grade point. For applications. In-
lormatlon : Center lor Foreign Sludy 
Admissions Dept. N, Box 606. Ann Arbor. MI 
481073131662·5575 (11/29) 

Hey Daddycal • Anolher Birthday! Happy n!l 
We'lI be there 10 wish you more, KISSES, 
Bunches & Porkchop 

Anyone who has had negative or positive 
contact with on campus police, please lalk to 
ACLU in Stude,lt Organizations. 

CH I need SOf11e things .... thlngs Is ~elrd · 
here. How's things Ihere? Are you nuts about 
me like I am about you? Your loving nut . GB 

ltousiNG' ' 
Male needed to share 2 bdrm apt al Del Mar 
Beach Club. Stans wlnler quarter. 755-$14 
(11 124) 

Enter Freely.-
[Continued from Page 3] 

in City Hall; it rolls off the tongue 
better than slwn-dweUer. Much 
too neatly dressed and optimistic 
in gait and manner. 

Stadler bravely told Russell he 
would guide the group through the 
city. Where do you want to go? he 
said. I know this city. 

Which, of course, was a lie. The 

only thing Stadler really knows 
about downtown San Diego is that 
its foreign to him and so scares 
him, even in the daylight, The 
people downtown are different, 
there's something missing in them. 
It's always dark, even at noon-but 
that's because of the many 
skyscrapers. It's a bad contrast 
with the sunny beach community 
where he lives. 

But he did know where the 
bookstores are, and he led the 
group on a walk up Braodway, 
trying to find an open bookstore. 
They didn't find one. They did 
come upon two hookers, but 
walked discreetly by, probably 
scared. 

But it wasn't a fruiUess tour, at 
least for Stadler. He learned more 
about the nature of downtown San 
Diego, from the night perspective. 
He found a "center city" that is 
rotten, rotting, dying, dead. It's a 
tour that all the city planners who 
speak of revitalization of the city 
core should take before their next 
committee meeting. There will 

Semester_ 
(CoaUDaed from Page 1] 

able to endure a change. 
Under the semester system, 

students would probably be taking 
at least one more course at a given 
time, causing possible study dif-
ficulties. Students would probably 
receive more tea~ benefttI, as 
professors would "ve to teach 
more actual boars of cluB. Many 

~ eipecia1ly the Revelle 
general education requirements, 
would have to be restructuted, 
necea1tatin1 "stretchlnR" and 
"compresalon" to make some 
courses fit the calendar space. At 
present, It percent of aU US 
C<!lleges and universities use the 
semester system. 

More CGUI'SeI may have to be 
taught at once during a semester, 

Attn : 00 you rwed on campos housing lOt 
Wntr·Spr. quarlera7 Call 453·7407 ask lor 
Fned & make 510 Orms, Mesa·s . (11 I:IV) 
I MUIT BREAK MY MESA APT CONTRACT! 
Need M or F to take my contract . Pleae 
contact Alicia 453-7020·483-3847 (11/2A) 
Female roomale wanled to ahare Del Mar 
c<l'\do. 2 bedroom 1 bath, 5 min. 10 beach 10 
min . 10 UCSD. Clean. new . private pat iO 
pool . garage. Completely lumlshed . 5150 
mo . .." ·8979 - 756· 2281 . (12/1) 

F roommate,....d nonsmoker ; Del Mar. 1 
block Irom beach . Call alter 6 7557416. 

Male to live with 2 girls and 2 guys In 
beautilul , spacious Del Mar home share large 
dbl room and have own room In summer lor 
1(JI per month, in summer 100. can move In 
Dec . 16th. Gall 755· 7326 alter 4 pm. 

Male needs house In Del Mar by Dec. 16 have 
darkroom equipment. Call Doug at 755-a005 . 

fOR SAlE 
Hlklng/climlnng boots . Vasque. size 9 1/2. 
Good condo Cost S60, sell lor 535. Call 272-
9479 (t1/24) 
69 Ford van rbll engn 5000 mi . carpt . librglas 
Insul, panld. dependable 236·2207 day 488-
7204 eve (1 1 (29) 
2 Shure mikes never used $50 each . 487·7368 
(11/24) 

HO'ldas: I still have my 73 CL350 ~ my 64305 
Scrambler. Both run well. 5350 or best oller 
$150 or best. m-8957 111 129) 

Guitar Julian steel st ring acoustic . $250 or 
trade. Has 3·piece rosewood. pea,l inlay . 
greattone! 753·8109 (1 1 1 29) 

59 bug snrf. compression exe , oilpres exe 
lOOK miles , radials. pert transp 5450 / best 
oller Steve 453·8291 eve (1 1129) 

have to be a lot of change before 
major businesses are going to want 
to set up shop down there. 

But how to effect that change? Is 
it simply a matter of spending 
enough money? Hardly. 

Ray Bradbury once said that the 
only way to solve the problem of 

Everyone.-

WANTEd 
Females wanted: $400 If accepted . Product 
advenlslng modelling lor national co"'· 
panies . Allsl,es 270-0242 ext. 54 (11/29) 
Top Dollar paid lor U.S. Silver coins minted 
belore 1965. Also buying old U.S. coins . Call 
Ken 755-7371 (12/6) 

We are a publishing f irm looking for good 
typists to train as typesetters . II you can type 
45 w.p.m . are accurate. and can takellexible 
hours . you may lit lhe bill. Call 436-3747. 
(1215) 

Full ServlGe Travel Agency. All carriers In-
cluding charters! American Youl~ Hoatel 
cards available. Call Seryel 0<' Sam at TMT 
452·1 981 . NO SERVICE CHARGE! (1216) 

- EUROPE. ISRAEL. AFRICA 
Student Charter IIIghts yr . round. ISCA 1609 
Weslwood Blvd . • 103 l.A. 90024 2131B2&-
5669(12/6) 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUS! New York & 
Europe I11l1>ts . PSA reservations CIEE 
Student Travel Services, open Mon., Wed. , 
Frio 12-4 pm. Call 452-0630 (12/6) 
SKI·SKI-SKI·SKI·SKI Join the UCSD Ski Club 
tor a 7 day Ski-lest In Crested Bulle. 
Colorado Dec. t1 - t8 . $159 Includes trans-
portation . lilts. lodging and all lhe lun you 
can handle. For Inlo . contact Renee. Cal l ext. 
4038. (12 (6) 

SERViCES 
Zen Sittings 12:10 M ·F. Mandeville B13O. For 
in to call Larry al 453-8018 (11/29) 

Typing 10<' bUsiness or school. Also edlling 
layout design . Reasonable hrly rates . Nora 
298-3528 (1211) 

Typing: IBM Correcting Selectric II . ThesiS, 
term papers, etc . Call 452·1 588 arter 5:00 
112 /5) 

the big cities is to blow them up and 
start over again. He didn't specify 
whether the inhabitants should be 
removed. 

The four university students got 
in their car and headed north, back 
to the safer environs of the 
suburbs. 

[Continued from Page 4] 
Both teams remained under consideration for the bowl bid by knocking 
off highly regarded opponents. OFF knocked the ANISOTROPIC 
SffiEWERS from the ranks of the unbeaten with a come from behind 12-
7 win. RIVIERA destroyed the HAMBURGLARS, 32-14, to set up the all 
important game. 

MOBIUS also remianed in the running for a bow) bid, tripping 
LAGNAF, 18-12, in overtime. UNHITCH and ROUGHRIDERS were idle 
this last week, but are reportedly still in the running for a bowl bid. 

College Degree._ 
[Continued from Page Z J 

There is a lot of things a student can do while he/she is in college to help 
avoid the various hassles of entering the labor market. H a student starts • 

Clown Classes I Make uP. mime, magic, 
puppetry. lunl Reasonable rates . Adults and 
children . Crystal 753-8109 (11 129) 

UCSD Stop Smoking Clinic is looking lor 
people who really want to quit. Call 452-3003. 
MWF. noon - 50r755·41601270·6722eves. or 
wrile cl o Depl . 01 Psych . include name and 
phone number. You can qull . (1215) 

lOST ANd fouNd 
II you found a calculator on the 41 , 11·15 , 
please ! Th is dummy needs II ! Leslie 453-
6644 . 

MG 
Jaguar 

Triumph 
Alra Romeo-Fiat 

Datsun 
Toyota 
Volvo 
Saab 

sports &, foreiqn car selvice 
7638 Fay A venue La Jolla 11511-1920 

THINKING ABOUT 
GOING TO LAW SCHOOL? 

If you are, you should know that multiple lSAT scores are 
discounted or averaged. To find out why. and to learn how 
you can take advantage of this situation, call us. Learn how 
the lSAT METHOD can help you make your first LSAT score 
your best score! 
LSAT METHOD is a one day course presented by BAR/ BRI Bar Review 
5900 Wilshire Blvd j!610 
Los Angeles. CA 90036 
(213) 937·3620 

220 McAl ister Ave 
San FranCISCo CA 94102 
(41 51861·6820 

13232nd St 
San D,ego. CA 921 01 
(71 41236-0623 

PETCANDLE® 
Florida's Answer to the Pet Rock. 
PET CANDLE comes to you with com-
plete set of operating instructions to 
train your PET CANDLE to sit up , 
stand, light up, and fly. 
Available in Small , Medium, and Large Sizes. 
---------------------------

PET CANDLE 
110 Giralda Ave .. Coral Gables, Florida 33134 
[j Small $1 .00 plus SOIt postage & handling 
o Med ium $2.00 plus 751t postage & handling 
C Large $3.00 plus 95¢ postage & handling 
Name 

Address 

City State Zip 
1976. Pel Candle . Inc , 

early, gains some exposure to various fields of work, learns about him- 'U~B.~ •• fl~~~&!ii~.~MrI!~ 1IIJ§~t 
selflherself and pursues their employment options, they will be suc- Jo1 
cessful in their search for employment. 

A Bachelors, Masters or Doctorate degree is not a guaranteed em-
ployment ticket. Students, and others, laboring under this thought 
process are in for a shock! But, you need not enter the labor market 
unprepared. 

We're here to help. 
GLORIA LIEBRENZ 

Director, Career Planning" Placement 

necessitating men early and late 
classes to make use of available 
classroom space. A semester 
period allows more time for a 
student to improve his grade in a 
class or to catch up after an illness. 

If a semester system were to be 
instituted, sentiment was ex· 
pressed In favor of hllving the fall 
aemater end before. Chrtstmas. 
Under the present syatem, there 
are more probleml In gettinl 
students IIettIed, due to the brevity 
of quarters and frequency el adO-
drops and other chances. 

............ 1 ... 
s.. .... 'rr.:Uh a..... 

583·LlFE 
"ree-uq,,,,,~ 

....... ,. 

COPIES 
31 / ¢ No '12 I\1rnrnHHn 

l r'l(~Pl 1 .' ~~')""P( r ,Pll. .-')4 13 .. ) 3 
'.IFR,.:,,· "';" r,,!, .'Xl f,18~ 

WANTED 
W"'·"~, ItCrttwy for 
J5 "WI w""'r. M." .. 
.... It hrIr. • •• r.l, , 
t".. ( .. , s.4r SterIittt ., 
St ... 1., .. ., 452-.... 50, 
St._, Ort_izrtion.. JIb 
Wfl. 

To All Student O rganizations 

Hearings for Winter 
Quarter Program Budgets 

will be held on 

Monday Nov. 22 

Wednesday Nov. 24 
Monday Nov. 29 
Wednesday Dec.l 

from 10-11 AM 
and 4-6 PM 

Student Organizations Conference Room 

Call 452-4450 for more info 

Hearings will not be held aft r De .1, 1976 



To Set Alcohol Policy 
byMCBrieD 
Staff Writer 

Under Califoma' state law, the possession and sale of alcohol to persons 
under 21 is ille a . The Catch-22 clause is that the regulation does not 
outlaw its cons tion by minors. However, UCSD, in conjunction with 
campus policies, everyone, regardless of age, is supposedly prevented 

fromdrin~. 
To further cia if)' the situation, and to detennine whether or not UC-

SO's current alC(IOOI policy needs updating, a Task Force of both staff and 
students has been fonned. 

As it stands now, persons drinking in private areas are not bothered by 
campus police, unless there is a "disturbance." Dormitory rooms are 
considered "private': by autho~it~~, but some on the task force would like 
to see the definition of privacy 
extended to include corridors and 
donnitory lounges to help make 
hall parties "legal." 

Revelle Resident Dean, Phil 
Kirchner, a member of the task 
force, referred negatively to the 
current alcohol policy, saying, 
" the current situation puts the 
RA's in an impossible situation." 
He noted that RA's are supposed to 
report any alcohol seen, but that 
m~t ignored the policy. 

" The RA's have to walk a 
dangerous line," he said. " They're 
damned if they do (follow the 
policy), and damned if they don't. 
We definitely need a revision of the 
present policy." r,,,k Forc/:' r11f:'lJIber. PIIII I(lrcilner. 

How about a 
Quick Million? 

(CPS-ZNS )-Losing out on the 
lottery each week? Having trouble 
in the munbers racket? Need a 
quick million? 

1be NaUo_l EDqairer may be 
able to help you then. The se~ 
sational rag is offering one million 
big ones to the first person who 
provides solid evidence that UFO's 
are intelligenUy-pUoted space 
ships from outer space. 

Now, just an honest account of 
some meeting won't cut it with the 
Eaqulrer's panel of experts. The 
panel will reportedly require some 
concrete proof,like a physical part 
of the flying saucer or perhaps, a 
face-to-face chat with a space 
being. 

Word has it that a handshake 
with Neil Armstrong just won't 
qualify. 

SCA ... 
[Continued from Page 1] 

croquet matches. 

Tenaya Hall residents (from left to right] Shannon Bradley . Stephanie 
Nemeth and Debra Shapiro entangle themselues in the messy process of 
,ollstrllcting s'mores , Th is enterprise was one of mallY at the Muir Carniual. 
Id lW11 took place Sunday afternoon on the Muir campus. Participants en· 
l"l'I'd ('/ricken and beans and ice cream. and were erenaded by a local 
l'IIIld UT photo : Shonl1on Aikman] 

Presently the task force is examining the alcohol situation at other UC 
campuses. At UCLA students are allowed to drink alcohol in the corridors 
of their donnitories, and are not bothered except in cases of disruptive 
behavior. At UC Irvine, the Vice-<:hancellor of Student Affairs can 
designate any part of the campus as private. UC Riverside has a Wlique 
way of tackling the problem - they allow beer to be kept on tap at the 
campus cateteria, with signs over the dispensers warning that the beer is 
for those over 21 only 

But perhaps the most spectacular event of the two day tournament was 
a " Melee", where fifty gallant knights battled in war against each other. 
The knights, of course, came equipped with annor and "wooden" swords. 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

come and hear 
Rev. Lois Ruth Bartel 

The task force expects to fonnulate a new liquor policy by the end of 
the quarter. This proposal will then be submitted to the four college deans 
and to the Vice-<:hancellor and Dean of Student Affairs. 

The SCA, to further " authenticate" ancient times, has split the United 
States into kingdoms, principalities, baronies and households. The 
barony which constitutes San Diego County is named Califia, the name 
under which the tournament was held. Anyone can join the SCA by 
showing up at events in c~tume " or an attempt thereat." Various 
tournaments and revels are held throughout the year and meetings are 
held every other Tuesday in the Student Center. 

on 

"Stum~ling Blocks 
or Stepping Stones" 

If approved it would go to the UC General COWlsel's office in Berkeley. 
From there the .new policy would be legally scrutinized to see whether it 
is in accordance with both California state law and the UC Regents 
policy. If UCSD's alcohol policy is changed, the new one should be in 
effect by spring quarter 1977. 

By joining the Society, members can learn the intricacies of Medieval 
fighting, singing, dancing and other skills. Each person cho~es a new' 
name, representative of his new character. 

While it is too early to speculate about the committee's proposal, 
Student Center director Maggie Brown of the task force wished to assure 
students by saying, " it certainly won't become stricter." 

C~tumes are also important to the SCA, seeing that there are 
numerous barbarians, magicians, and cavemen, in addition to the 
standard knights in shining armor, a "must" for the SCA. Each piece of 
armor is individually hand-crafted, because, as one member pointed out, 
" it is hard to ask for leather annor or chainmail at the tailors." 

This Sunday 1 0:45am: 
71 5 Silverado 

La Jolla 

Attend UC Summer Sessions" International 

England 

Israel 

Scotland 
Next summer, you will have the 

opportunit to attend fully-accredited 
UC courset. at three renowned foreign 

universities. 

Courses offered at each overseas campus will 
stress the history and culture of the host 
country, and instruction will include field 
trips to related historical sites, museums, and 
other significant places and events. 

All instruction will be in English and, in most 
instances, by faculty members of the university 
you are visiting. 

Instructional sess ions will last six weeks, and 
you wi II be encouraged to. enroll in at least 
two 4-unit courses. Reasonably-priced housing 
will be provided in the residence halls of each 
university. 

You may choose one of these distinguished 
un iversities : 

Cambridge University (Pembroke College) 
July 4 to August 12,1977. Courses will 
emphasize British history, archaeology, and 
literature. 

Hebrew University of Jerusalem 
Approximate dates, JulylOto August 19,1977. 
Courses will emphasize history, archaeology, 
and contemporary social and political studies. 

University of Edinburgh 
July 4 to August 12, 1977. Courses will 
emphasize Scottish art, architecture, history, 
and literature. Students may arrange to attend 
the famed Edinburgh Festival following the 
end of the 6-week session. 

Fee: The instructional fee for each of the 
programs is $400. 

Deadline: Early registration is required. You 
should decide now whether you might be 
interested in attending. Send in the coupon 
below to receive additional information. 

UC Summer Sessions International 
Summer Sessions Office 
University of California 
1254 Murphy Hall 
405 Hilgard Avenue 
Los Angeles, CA 90024 

You will receive additional materials on all three 
programs, however, please check below if you have a 
preference for anyone : 
o Cambridge (Pembroke College), England 
o Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel 
o University of Edinburgh, Scotland 

Name 

Street Address 

City State ZIP 


