
Whale Watch: 
, 

An Exciting 
Pasttime-

by Mike Scarano 
StaHWriter 

Every winter, just like clock-
work, the 12,000 mile migration of 
the 4(}'Ioot long, 3O-ton creature 
known as the California Gray 
Whale brings thousands of the 
giants within easy sight from many 
points along the San Diego 
shoreline. 

Tourists and local whale en-
thusiasts alike flock to Cabrillo 
National Monument in Point 
Loma, which is the best and most 
accessible vantage point along the 
shore. 

Whale watching expeditions 
have turned the aMual migration 
into a thriving business venture for 
Seaforth, Islandia and other 
sportfishing outfits which cut back 
on their fishing operations tem-
porarily to send their boats out on 
several whale watching cruises a 
day, where whale seekers can 
observe the mammoths at close 
range. 

Longest Migration 
The migration of the Gray Whale 

is an interesting phenomenon for 
several reasons. The 12,000 mile 
round trip which the animals make 
is by far the longest migration of 
any mammal. 

In addition, the whales are the 
largest animals known to migrate. 

They begin their marathon swim 
in the northern waters of the 
Bering and Arctic Seas, where they 
spend four months out of the year 
fe eding on tiny shrimp-like 
organisms. In November, the 
northern waters get colder, the 
food supply dwindles and the 
mating instinct urges the whales 
southward. 

They swim close to the shore 
throughout their journey, and are 
generally found from -one to three 
miles off coast. They can be viewed 
from many promontories along 
both the' Oregon and California 
coasts. 

The final destination of the 
whales are the sheltered lagoons 
and bays along the western shore 
of Baja California, where they 
mate or give birth. Scammon 
Lagoon, San Ignacio Lagoon and 

Continued on Page 8 

Muir Students show 
distaste for Nerds by 
hanging one in effigy from 
P & L Bldg . yesterday . The 
Nerds refused to com-
ment. (TT photo : Nathan 
Meyers) 

UCSD Only Campus in System 
To Receive New Faculty Positions 

by Ran Anbar 
Staff Writer 

Every new faculty position 
proposed by Gov. Brown in his 
1976-77 UC budget will, if approved, 
come to UC San Diego, according 
to campus Budget Director Robert 
W. Oakes. 

The Chancellor said yesterday 
he finds the news very en-
couraging. 

The allocation would consist of 
18.02 FTE, or about 18 new 
positions. 

McElroy would not comment on 
how UCSD accomplished the feat 

Student Hearings 
Postponed One Month 

The hearings for nine students charged in the Nov. 25 demonstration 
have been postponed for one month after students' attorneys requested 
more time to prepare their case. 

The hearings, which were set for yesterday and today, are now 
scheduled for Feb. 23 to 25, UC San Diego APIS Professor Robert 
LugaMani said yesterday. ' 

Lugannani, who will serve as hearing officer, said the hearings could be 
extended to the next week if necessary. 

The students are charged with failure to comply with directions from a 
university official, resisting a university official performing his duties 
and endangering a person's health and safety. 

Saxon's Presence Requested 
LugaMani said that the students' attorneys hope to have UC President 

Saxon, who was the focal point of the demonstration, present at the 
hearings. 

Peter Schey, one of the students' three attorneys, has said that they 
consider Saxon vital to their case. 

Saxon has said he would prefer to entertain written questions from the 
attorneys to appearing in person. 

The attorneys have indicated that, while this is less than desired, it is 
satisfactory. 

of monopolizing the whole 
allocation, saying only that UCSD 
made a good pitch to the Regents. 

The additional faculty members 
will lower the student/faculty ratio 
at UCSD next year from 1: 19.32 to 
1: 18.95. The decrease in the ratio 
assumes a student enrollment 
increase in 1976-77 of 185 over the 
present enrollment. 

NoNewTAs 
Ideally, according to McElroy, 

UCSD should have received 31 
FTE faculty, based on the goal of 
an 18: 1 student/faculty ratio. 

Oakes' letter also contained the 
news that "No new teaching 
assistants will be allocated to 
UCSD in 1976-77 . The entire 
university received only 2.73 FTE 
TA's all of whom will go to Santa 
Cruz." 

The combination of the static 
number of TAs at UCSD and in-
creased enrollment will raise the 
state supported studenVT A ratio 
by 3.2 to 54.33 students per TA. 

McElroy said that the University 
will lower the ratio by increasing 
work-study monies. 

The proposed 1976-77 budget will 
also provide an additional $133,000 

Continued on Page 8 

UCSD North County Bus Route Proposed 
Muir Suicide 
Clarification 
Is Released by Brian Davis Staff Writer Plans are underway to improve ' 

commuter bus services between 
UC San Diego and the North 
County coastal cities through 
reorganization of existing services 
provided by four separate carriers. 

If the plan,currently proposed by 
UCSD business analyst KeMeth 
Bowers is approved, the Coast 
Cruiser and Greyhound services to 
the coastal towns would be 
replaced by new connecting routes 
of the San Diego Transit Corp. and 
North County Transit . 

Under the new proposal, 
Greyhound would no longer 
operate the commuter lines along 
the North County coastal route and 
would only operate an express 
route between UCSD and 
Oceanside. 

The possibility of such a route is 

apparently much closer to 
becoming a reality than it was a 
year ago. At that time, Bowers 
said last week, Greyhound officials 
were more skeptical of any route 
changes, fearing competition from 
a publicly subsidized carrier. 
Negotiations are still delicate, but 
Bowers believes that a report 
analyzing current bus service 
between the University and North 
County will show that all parties 
will benefit if NCT and San Diego 
Transit routes are allowed to 
connect. The report is expected to 
be completed by Bower's' office 
within a month. 
Transportation Facility Proposed 
State Senator James Mills (0-

San Diego) has a bill in the state 
legislature which would provide 
for construction of a multi-purpose 
transportation facility at the point 
where the two public transit 

companies' routes will terminate. 
Mills is a leading advocate of 
improved public mass tran-
sportation. 

The op~ihlal location for the 
transit fadlity, Bowers feels, is at . 
the junction of 1-5 and Villa de la 
Valle. 

The plan will eventually 
eliminate the Coast Cruiser, which 
currently serves eight coast 
communities. Total cost of the 
University funded Coast Cruiser is 
about $22,000, with funds coming 
from fares, charters and parking 
ticket revenue, as well as student 
affairs monies. 

Del Mar Funds Crucial 
In the meantime, the Coast 

Cruiser would serve on a more 
limited basis as the connecting 
carrier between the San Diego and 
North County buses. 

Continued on page 8 

To help control the many rumors 
and the speculation surrounding 
the Jan. 20 suicide by a Muir 
College student, the dean's office 
has released more information 
about the incident. 

According to a college 
spokesperson, neither drugs nor 
school pressures prompted the 
student. According to a two-page 
note left by th student, the suicide 
followed extensive thought and 
consideration of essentially a 
philosophical nature. 

Apparently, he made his decision 
well in advance of the act and told 
no one, so that no one else could be 
held even partially responsible. 

He prepared the letter, con-
taining the crux of his thought 

Continued on Page 8 

Hayden, in APpearance Here, Hits Tunney's Senate Performance 

~ 01 m Hayden addr ••• lng aZ8 y •• t.relay. 

by Mark Stadler 
and Sara Lowen 

" I'm running . against John 
Tunney-actually I'm running to 
fill a vacancy in the US Senate, " 
activist Tom Hayden told the 500 
students assembled on Revelle 
plaza yesterday. 

Hayden, who is challenging 
Tunney for the Democratic Senate 
nomination, said he differs from 
California's junior Senator on 
three levels : energy, health care 
and supporters. 

Deregulation of natural gas 
prices, which Tunney supports, 
could cost Americans an extra ,100 
billion in energy costs, Hayden 
estimated. Oil companies are 
already receiving a 15 percent rate 
01 return on sares, Hayden said, 
and removal 01 price controls 
would only increase their profits 
even mOl"e. 

Care for Oil Companies 
" Tunney believes that we can't 

afford health care for the 
American people but we can afford 
health care for the oil companies, " 
Hayden said in reference to 
TUMey's withdrawl of his support 
for the Kennedy national health 
insurance bill now pending in the 
Senate. 

Responding to the contention 
that such health care plans are 
costly and ineffic lent, Hayden 
pointed to a local retirement home, 
which is run by the residents, as an 
example of how health services 
can be administered more ef-
ficiently and less expensively than 
by private enterprise. 

The third difference Hayden 
pointed to was in the two can-
didates' supporters. Tunney's 
support, he said, comes from 
"growers, oil companies, the 

Pentagon, Gallo Wine and Atlantic 
Richfield ... And how can you expect 
him to bite the hand of the dog that 
feeds him, or however that phrase 
goes." 

Hayden urged people who 
considered themselves on his level 
as opposed to Tunney's to support 
his campaign. Referring to that 
campaigl" as a movement that 
some ha e labelled impossible, 
Hayden ShJid he'd " been involved in 
a lot of movements that the experts 
said were Impossible." 

" I've le.lrned that people can 
often make the impossible 
necessary," he said. 

Tv UO Uaa~ H.yut:J1 atl ciJl,,-eU bLs 
campaign platfonn, which was 
recently released under the titl 
" Let s Mak the Future Ours. ' 

" Lower-Profi " 
Speaking to dom tic problems, 

oatiJlued oa Pale 3 



i rlinn iln'8 
Commentary 

te Bill Can Only Stir Up Tyna War 
by Cnl& Ucblda 
OplDioa EdIt« 

The "tuna wllr" that has been 
raging in the past few years be-
tween US fishermen and the 
govemlnents of Peru and Ecuador 
continues. 

These two South American 
countries have claimed territorial 
jurisdiction over all waters within 
200 miles of their coastlines and 
because of it, about 200 US fishing 
boats have been seized in the past 
decade after entering the disputed 
area. 

Almost a year ago to the day, 
four San Diego based tuna boats 
had been seized for fishing without 
licenses in Ecuador's 200 mile 
territorial waters_ The vessels 
were fined $464,000 and their catch, 
valued at over $800,000 was con-
fiscated. Because of the treatment 
received by the crews (they were 
badly beaten by Ecuadorean of-
ficials ), Rep. Lionel Van Deerlin 
(0- S.D.) called for an end to US 
military aid to Ecuador. Mayor 
Wilson asked Ford to cut off all a id 
to that country in Feb. 1975. 

Instead, the US Senate last 
Wednesday approved a bill to 
extend it 's own fishery jurisdiction 
to 200 miles. The bill would require 
foreign vessels fishing in the area 
to have licenses and would direct 
the Coast Guard to enforce the 
fishery manag~ment and con-
servation m easures. The bill, if 
signed by President Ford, will 

Letters to the Editor 

become effective July I, 1977. It 
follows a similar bill passed by the 
House of Representatives in Oct. 
1975. 

Supporters of the legislation 
have pointed out that a great u~ 
surge has occurred in foreign 
fishing activities off the US coast in 
recent years. Immediate action 
was necessary to protect the US 
fishing industry as well as 
preventing the depletion of fish 
stock. The Department of Com-
merce has shown that US fisher-
men had taken 92.6 % of the catch 
in 1960 out of the Atlantic Ocean, 
but only 50 % in 1974. 

However, the passage of this act 
comes at a time when the United 
Nations is planning another Law of 
the Sea Conference. This con-
ference, to be held in the spring of 
this year, is designated specifically 
to find a solution to the territorial 
water problem. 

Last year, the conference had 
succeeded in preparing a rough 
draft of a treaty concerning the use 
of the seas. This treaty calls for a 
200-mile economic zone in which 
coastal states have control over 
both fisher ies and mineral 
resources, a 12-mile zone in which 
such s tates would ha ve full 
sover eignty and the establishment 
of an international authority to 
deal with all the remaining waters. 

The authority, to be located in 
Jamaica, would be allowed to take 
commercial or national partners 

for joint economic ventures and 
would have price-fixing rights, 
giving it virtual cartel status over 
such ronunon seabed resources as 
nickel and manganese. 

Rather than wait for the 
ratification or even a final draft of 
this treaty, the US Senate has 
taken upon itself the task of setting 
international policy. There is no 
real need for this law. If anything, 
it will hamper the agreement on 
the treaty. At this time, it's only 
purpose is to antagonize the 140 
countries that are discussing it. 

California fishermen are also 
fearful of retaliation by the South 
American countries. Senators 
Tunney and Cranston voted 
against the law for this reason. 
Enforcement of the bill, through 
seizures of foreign vessels, could 
and will cause international 
disruption. Sen. Gravel (O-Alaska) 
said that it could only be enforced 
by "force - of arms" and " only if 
you are prepared to go to war." 

The Senate bill, tlien, appears to 
be a hastily contrived pieCe of 
legislation_ It would have been 
wiser had the Senate waited for the 
final draft of the treaty by the UN, 
in which other nations would ha~e 
a voice in formulating and ap-
proving policy. Unfortunately , it 
now appear~ that the US is more 
concerned with it 's own selfish 
interests and less concerned with 
wQrking together with the rest of 
the world. 

'Half-Mad' Biker, Admitting He H~ Fun, 
Advises as to Best Routes 

As one of the 'half-mad ' bike rs 
who travel at supersonic speeds , I 
can only say it is gangs of fun. But 
I have developed routes that avoid 
the crowded walkways, and I will 
share them with you now, though I 
hope bikers will find their own 
routes, and avoid mine. 

Between Revelle and Muir, take 
the walk to the west of the gym and 
Urey Hall. This allows use of the 
parking lot road if necessa ry. The 
walkway east of Urey is hopelessly 

. crowded between classes; avoid it 
or walk it. 

Between Muir and Matthews, 

Strebel Approach Wrong 
Don Stre bel may be right about situat ion. Things are breaking 

the scheduling hassles on this down under the load of our 10,000 
campus, but I think his approach to students. The scheduling system , 
the issue is wrong. among other t hings, should be 

I agree with much that he says - modified , and perhaps along the 
but antagonizing the responsible lines that Strebel proposes. But 
parties in this sort of situation nothing will be accomplished by 
seldom leads to a solution. It accusing the administration and 
usually does no more than bring on faculty of wholesale blind elitism, 
a bout of totally non-contructive no matter how much the ac-
name-calling. cusations may be justified in in-

The UCSD administration has ' dividua l cases. 
become increasingly bureaucrat ic 
over the years, I think, large Iy 
because the system here was MATT HINTON 
designed for a small-school S&E LIBRARY 

use the sidewalk between Man-
deville and the temporary parking 
lot by Third , then down the access 
road fo r Mandeville. 

Between Revelle and Matthews, 
take the walk west of Urey, cut 
over to and across the central walk 
(very carefully!), then through the 
Student Center to the Mandeville 
access drive aga in. 

Bikers, use these routes ! These, 
plus the courtesy you should show 
all pedestrians, will make your 
cross-campus travel safe and 
swift. 

I do ha ve one request to ask of 
pedestrians. Will you please use 
the steps a nd not the ramps at the 
north end of the Hwnanities 
Library? As bikers should show 
courtesy to you, so should yo u 
return the favor. When I walk, I 
use the steps , leaving the ramps to 
the wheelmen. 

ROBERT KILPATRICK 

Friday, Jaallllry 31, m. 

Education: ~rk Woelber 

Where Can You Go 
for the Good Stuff ? 

People with certain professional ambitions should not come to UCSD. 
Football players never make the draft, here. Accountants, Seminarians, 
journalists, too, are wrong to expect anything special. UCSD has no 
school of journalism. 

There is a popular feeling that journalism does not need to be formally 
taught. Hand-in-hand goes the notion that the press is supposed to be the 
uninhibited voice of the people. Taken to its limit, it also supposes that 
the underground press can be run, unhampered by government, by 
anyone with a message and a child's understanding of linear culture. 

Nonsense . What the press is unhampered by' is professionalism. The 
low credibility and readability of all but the top-knotch newspapers and 
magazines attests to a lack of training and cultural sensibility in the field . 

Current issues illustrate the point. 
The Supreme Court will soon decide the constitutionality of a gag order 

imposed on Nebraska newsmen by the Superior Court judge presiding 
over a mass murder trial. Newsmen themselves precipitated the con-
troversy . With the First Amendment right to free speech pitted against 
the Sixth AmendmeJlt right to a fair trial, the Supreme Court will have to 
replv in terms ambiguous enough to guarantee the authority of each. The 
privileges of media may be trimmed. 

Why did reporters force the issue? Probably in a misplaced defense of 
public access. Given a better understanding of the working of the courts, 
the reporters would have let the court work this one out in private. _ 

Many legal e xperts feel that the press has gone haywire in its reporting 
zeal. In the Nebraska case, the defense attorney asked for the gag order. 
In other cases, notably the Hearst trial, it has been the prosecutor who 
asked for the gag. 

Suspicion of press irresponsibility grows in every community. There is 
suspicion among journalists that part of the responsibility lies with the 
colleges. They don't teach what journalists need to know. 

Strictly within the field of law, there are issues which demand complete 
understanding by journalists. 

Student journalists need to know that it is no longet:-enough to be able to 
prove the truth of printed allegations to be secure from libel suit. 

What kind of ads are we safe in running? How has the Supreme Court 's 
interpretation of Times vs. Sullivan, which originally gave us the answer, 
been altered by the Geertz decision? 

We need to know how recent legal interpretations change the intent of 
" right of privacy." Instead, we 'r e still debating shades of meaning here 
at UCSD. The· Academic Senate stipulates that any quote intended for 
publication be checked through the source. Out in the real world, the 
largest libel suit in history, over the Penthouse " La Costa" expose, is 
pending; journalists are in jail for " criminal cynicalism" - advocating 
the overthrow of legitimate government by illegal means. And we at 
UCSD have to phone our teacher to see if he likes what we said about him 
so it 's okay to print. 
. Perhaps this suspicion is a result of the tedious lack of journalistic skill 

displayed by every paper on this campus. If so, teachers should be 
sympathetic to the serious needs of all journalists at UCSD. 

There is no one to turn to for help with basic reporting skills (more than 
how to type or write a lead) ; how to develop contacts ; how to investigate 
and develop documentary resources - civil and criminal files, deeds, 
t rusts, probate courts, license bureaus, social registers ; how to read 
financial statements and interpret double-entry book-keeping; how to 
discover hidden ownership thrQugh tax assessors and county recorders. 

Yes, investigative reporting is the trend, though it is broadly disa~ 
proved by those who feel that investigation of lawbreakers is properly left 
to law enforcement units. The truth is that the means to cover up cor-
porate and political crime outstrip the resources of either law en-
forcement or journalism. 

Jack Tobin, a free-lance reporter for the LA Times, says that jour-
nalists use horse-and-buggy techniques while corporate and political 
swindlers have "the best computer people, the best legal people, the best 
real estate and land people, the best title people working for them." Tobin 
proposes a journalistic data bank linking the computers of major 
metropolitan newspapers and broadcasters, with ample cross· 
referencing modes. 

Will resources like this give journalists power at the expense of public 
privacy? Not likely. It took 16 months and the combined wills of the LA 
Times and Time magazine to even find out where Nixon's Casa Pacifica 
was located. The information in a case like this is already, public ; 
correlating files from Key West to San Clemente is the hassle that 
computers would reduce. Of course, most student journaliSts are still 
taught to keep files on index cards. 

Thorough reporting inevitably confronts big ethical questions:- how to' 
handle documents of public security , such as the Pentagon papers ; how 
does media contribute to public s pectacle, s uch as the Sam Shepard trial ; 
how public are the lives' of public officials? My experience is that our 
Philosophy department is unwilling to entertain, much less answer, these 
questions. 

Continued on Page 8 

CaIPtRG Regrets Error f riinl1 •• DI('S 
CalPIRG wishes to apologize for anyone who m ight have been in-

convenien(ed by expecting to hear Roger Hedgecock in the Revelle 
Formal Lcunge last Tuesday night and having him not show up. His 
speaking e1gagement Was cancelled tlnd the Triton Times was informed 
of the call1:ellation at least one week in advance. CalPIRG is sorry to 
lea rn that th~re was some misunderstand ing and that the Triton Times 
did not putlish the cancellation. 

Alan Kremen 
CALPIRG 

Th Tro lon t imes Is recogn ized by lhe Communicalloos Board of UCSO as the official 
student n_.pap'" Publication is on Mondays , WedneS<lays and Fridays during the 
regular schoot year (except on oilie ial holidays). Editorial and busln.ss offices ar. 
located ,n t17 8181<0 Hall on the Revelle College campus, University at Californ,a, San 
Diego. 

Letlers to the Edllor and opinion cotumns are welcomed . All submlss,oos should be 
typed 01) a 7~-spac. I,ne on nonerasable paper They shOlJld not eMceed three peges In 
length double·spaced . The Triton T,mes r. "'es the right to ed,t submlss,ons because 
of space II mlt.loon. 9r It yle requorements 

For edll oroal . call 452-3466. forbus, ness and d,splay adverlosements. coli 452· 3.0168 
Entlr. contents copyroght l976, Troton T,m.s 

Mark Woelber 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J . Lowen 
Community Editor · 

DaveEltea 
Sports editor 

John H. Taylor 
Edltor-in-cbJef 

Jamea G. Soto 
CUyedltor 

ADDeUebier 
Copy editor 

Kenzie Nicoll 
Business Manager 

Daalel Shawler 
Art, edItor 

WeadyEagle 
Office manager 

Staff wrlten Special writers 
RanAnbar Charles He Imler 

Betsy aliment GregHlcks 
Brian Davis :.Edward Simons 

Robin DeRieux BufIieta 
St~ve Esmedina DoUlMoaney 

cathy F~tzmaurice Damien Moore 
RonKato Jennifer Zack 

Frank Kazerski PboIoarafIIIY 
Margaret-Krueger Paul Jarvis 
Tim MacKenzie N~nM.,ers AlanRuuen Sh/lron Roberts 

ScottSadil Bill Brooks 
Evcl_\'n BantU! DlltrtIMdlla Ken Stipanov Bill WiJIon 
cary Thompson Prod ..... 
.John Halperin Shauna Stokes Debora Weber KrIstIn Webb 

Friday, Jaauary 30,1976 

DSU, Chancellor's Committee 

Groups Making Gains 
For Disabled Students 

by Cathy Fitzmaurice 
Staff Writer 

There are two groups on campus, both formed in the last two years 
that deal with the problems disabled students face at UC San Diego. ' 

The first to organize, the Chancellor's Advisory Committee on the 
Physical~y Limi~ed, wa~ formed in the fall of 1974. The second group, 
begun this fall, 15 the Disabled Students Union (DSU), an organization 
composed of both disabled and able-bodied students that probes the 
problems of disabled students on campus. The DSU tries to make the 
community aware of disabled students and encourages the necessary 
alterations in the physical environment. 

Community consciousness-raising is sometimes hard, because many of 
the problems the physically limited face never occur to most people. For 
instance, hard-of-hearing students, who are able to read lips, are thrown 
off when professors talk with their backs turned, grow long mustaches or 
smoke while talking. 

And the blind - who, sometimes, are able to obtain tape recordings of 
liooks - are nevertheless hindered when they must write term papers that 
require extensive research. 

Analogy with Minorities 
While there are few disabled students on campus now, Jim LeBrecht, a 

member of the DSU, feels there would be more if accommodations were 
made for them. He compares the situation to that in which few classes 
had been offered in black or Chicano studies, with the excuse that there 
were too few members of the minorities attending the school. 

If those classes were added, said LeBrecht, more minority students 
would attend. 

A basic problem in making a campus comfortable for disabled 
students, of course, is a lack of funding. 

According to Mark Rapaport, author of a forthcoming report on UC 
accommodations for the handicapped, there are three possible sources 
for such funding. There is money from the school itself, especially from 
the student registration fee, and grants from the state Department of 
Rehabilitation and the Federal Office of Education. He said student fees 
would be better because grants are limited over time. 

Recently, campus architect Charles Powers constructed a detailed 
map of the necessary changes to be made if the school were to be com-
pletely accessible to students and employe'es in wheelchairs. According 
to Powers, the tota I cost of the changes would be $2 million. 

Already, he has secured $101 ,900 from the state. At a recent meeting of 
the Chancellor'S Advisory Committee, attended by DSU members, 
Powers presented his plans, advising the groups to pick out the most 
important changes and submit them as priority items. Basically, the 
plans include ramping curbs and entrances, lowering water fountains, 
fixing bathroom facilities and attaching braille signs to elevators. 

New Buildings Modified 
Ac.c?rding to a recent ruling, all new university buildings must be 

modified for those .in wheelchairs . As a res ult, the second building of the 
student center Will have all necessary modifications for those in 

wheelchai~s. The expense for this is being paid for by the student body. 
The act IS not retroactive, so the first building of the student center , as 

well as the rest of the UCSD buildings , are not covered. 
. ~~e DSU is ra ising money on its own to help the disabled. Past ac-

tivIties. an.d those planned f~r the future include the showing of movies 
(the Mldmght Cowboy showmg was quite successful) and concerts. The 
DSU has scheduled a concert by UCSD a rtis ts Sheils and Cla rk in 
Februa ry. 

Other DSU activi ties are sign-language classes on Wednesday nights 
and an "awareness week" planned for the spring quarter. Also th~ 
Chancellor's. Advisory Committee has, in the past year, established 
speCial par~mg spaces fo~ those handicapped, and has installed ramps up 
to the cashier and the Third College Provost 's offices. 

The office of the DSU is situated on the norih side of the Revelle 
cafeter ~a . It holds meetings twice a week, and welcomes all interested. 

A.c~ordmg to . LeBrecht, hav.ing a campus unaccessible to disabled 
cItizens' 'deprives them of their r ight to an education." 

Tulare Proposed for Vet Facility 
Unive rs ity of Cali fo rn ia 

President David Saxon has 
recommended north'ern Tulare 
County as the site for a $2 million 
field fa cility for vete rinar y 
medicine education. An additional 
veterinary medicine field facility 
10 southern California- will be the 
subject of the report to be prepared 
later this year. That site will 
proba bly be on one of the campuses 
of the University of California. 

The field clinics will ·enable the 

University to increase the number 
of s tudents being t rained in 
ve terinary medicine and to provide 
servi ce to th e vete rinary 
profession and lives tock in-
dustries , particula ry in areas near 
the clinics. 

The facility proposed for north-
ern Tulare County will serve as 
the main clinical facility for 
training veterinarians in food-
animal practice. 

·f rliol1 i. ,",'S Page three 

Students Introduced to Career Workshop 
Helping students find a place in 

society is the goal of the Career 
Workshop which bad its first 
meeting recently. 

The meeting is the first in a 
series of four sess ions to be held at 
MC412. 

Maxine Bailey, director of the 
job placement office, gave an 
introduction to occupational 
literature, which was the topic of 
the first session. 

applying for a job. 
Through t he occupational 

literature presented at the 
meetings, students can familia rize 
themselves with techniques that 
are vital to every job seeker, 
Ba iley said. 

Topics that Bailey will cover in 
fu ture sessions include "Work 
rela ted choices over time" and the 
continuation of occupa tional in-

terests. Most of the areas of 
discussion, however, are to be left 
up to the students' own interests. 

Another program initiated by the 
Career Workshop, is the job 
seeking workshop, also underway. 

Both programs are open to UCSD 
students. For more information 
contact Maxine Bailey in the job 
placement office. 

Those at the meeting were in-
troduced to the goals and ob-
jectives of the Career Workshop. 
The participants then broke up into 
small groups to discuss their oc-
cupational interests. 

Vietnam Celebration Planned 

According to Bailey, the 
workshop's main goal is getting 
students together to relate their 
occupational interests so that they 
can help each other in choosing 
future careers . 

All areas of professional and non-
professional careers will be 
covered. 

Cocktail pa rties and other group 
activities are now in the planning 
stages to give students an o~ 
portunity to get together and 
assess their own occupationa l 
likes. 

Another objective of t he 
workshop is teaching students to 
express themselves in a positive 
manner, whic~ is important when 

by Michele D. Bakan 
Staff Writer 

With the coming of the Lunar 
New year the TET Organizing 
Committee and the UC San Diego 
Internationa l Club will present a 
Vietnamese New Year F estival. 
The celebration will be held this 
Sa turday from 10:00 am to 3:00 pm 
in the main gym. 

Performances of a uthentic 
music, song and dance will take 
place. In addition the re will be a 
Vietnamese karate demonst ration. 

Vietnamese refugees will sell 
native food at stands set up on the 
gym steps. Delicacies such as meet 
rice cake, fried emperial rolls, 
shrimp cake, steamed sweet rice 
with fried chinese sausage will be 
served. To please those with not-so-
curious tastes, domestic refresh-

ments also will be a vaila ble. 
Lottery Scheduled 

Since there is no admission 
charge, Xuong Nguyen Huu, who is 
in charge of the event hopes to 
raise money through donations. 

Lottery tickets will be given 
away from 10 - 11 am, with a 
drawing occuring at 2 pm. Prizes 
will be donated by local mer-
chants. 

All students are invited to join 
with 2500 local refugees to 
celebrate New Year, the year of 
the Dragon. 

For more information on how 
you can help make a more 
meaningful New Year for the 
Vietnamese people who have just 
settled in San Diego, contact 
Xuong ' in the Physics department 
or call the International Club. 

Hayden Running 'to Fill a Vacancy' 
that independence, he suggested 
solar energy. 

"We should make California the 
sola r et;Jergy capital of the world, " 
he saip, suggesting use of jobless 
workers and aerospace technicians 
to do the work. 

Following a line of logic linking 
multinational corporations and the 
present America foreign policy, 
Hayden said that those cor-
porations move into other counties, 
explo it the residents and the 
Amer ican government ends up 
defending the elite few who benefit 
from the company's presence. 

Hayden said the only reason the 
Congress has been moving away 
from that policy at all in recent 
years is because of pressure ap-

Clllltillued from Page 1 plied by the a nti-war movement. 
Hayden blamed multinational ' fef~rring to .the : unney bill that 
corporations for the feeling that t~mlt~ ,American aid to Angola a,~ 
people will have to lower their e Hayden amendment,. 
material expectations. " We don' t Hayden sa id there are f:h ree mam 
need lower expectations but lower elements to the foreign pollcy 
profits and privileges." he said . proposal. 

" We need independence from oil 1. Amer ica must eliminate its 
companies," Hayden said. To gain nuclear overkill capacity while 

reta ining the power of nuclear 
deterrent; 

2. America must stop aid to right 
wing dictatorships ; and 

3. America must recognize the 
right of national self-determination 
for all countries. 

Ma rcuse Introduction 
Hayden was introduced by 

Herbert Marcuse, UC San Diego 
philosophy professor emeritus, 
who said he was going to " wreck 
his blameless record as a radical to 
vote for Hayden. " 

Marcuse gave two reasons for 
his support of Hayden. One was 
that Hayden was the " lesser of two 
evils." The other was that in the 
"preventive counter revolution" 
even the vote must become " a 
weapon of the struggle." 

That struggle is no longer bet-
ween " bourgeois democracy and 
socialism" but between 
" radicalization of democracy and 
neo-fascism," Marcuse said, 
adding that " one decent human 
being ... committed to fight" would 
help in the struggle. 



w 
Blows 
and Cheap 

by Edw.rd simons . Shots 
Psych, the Three Basic Food Groups and Frontiers of Taste 

As I write this , the last subtle strains of " Come On and Love Me," by 
Kiss, are massaging my eardrwns. I am drinlting a scotch and s?rla, 
eating from a jar of applesauce and smoking a Salem . I don 't conSIder 
this unique. This scene is being played in countless dorms and apart-
ments. 

I am, of course, studying for a psychology quiz. 
Behind me, the book is open on my warm if lonely bed. It's awfully 

hard to read from here. There are drawings of people on the two open 
pages, doubtlessly saying something terribly important. Maybe n?t 
important, but it could be on the quiz. I can almost make out the words In 
the balloons coming from their mouths. Mind you, I can ' t be sure, but the 
woman seems to be saying something a bout perception . 

They sure don't make things easy for you in psychology. 
I used to know what perception was (I've had other psych courses. Let 's 

see .. . cents. sense, census ... 
You know I've never been quizzed by a census taker. I don't think m y 

family has ~ver come up against one, either. They're probably just in-
ventions of the government. Every ten years there's a "census", but no 
one ever sees a "census taker. " 

The government just figures out about how many people there should 
be in a country yea-long by yea-wide a nd puts that down. It gives the 
average family size and income, just to add the patina of reality. Then 
comes the big lie-the government says the a verage family owns three 
cars, five televisions and one-half a bathtub. . . . 

This is just absurd enough to sound like the real thmg, so we beheve It. 
And the people who read the census-I'm sure there must be some-feel 
either inadequate or guilty. They go out and sell their extra cars, buy 
more televisions a nd chop off half of their bathtubs. 

Back on the bed, the book hasn 't moved. Books are terribly persistent 
and utterly imperturbable in this regard ; this one, especially so. 

In the middle of a block of copy, I see the small subhead that reads, 
" Ego. " I think about this. Am I an egotist? I ask myself. If I say yes, 
I'm contemptible. If I say no, then I'm lying. On the other hand, I 
chuckle as I think about bras that support more ego than flesh. 
Jockstraps also come to mind . 

I think the record, quite without my permission, is being played again. 
Time for some " Harvester of Eyes," by the Blue Oyster Cult. 

Deodorant tampons! Isn' t that hilarious? Before long, the com-
mercials will become like mouthwash commercials. You know the 
ones:"Oh papa, your breath smells like the Third Army." So this 
schumuck flushes his mouth with oil of turpentine or something. Then it's 
"Too medicine-y." Finally, he tries Easy-Off and everything's cool 
because his breath doesn 't smell like anything . 

This method of advertising, applied to deodorant tampons, probes the 
frontiers of taste. 

For Coop Participation 

Recognition 
On Transcript 

Suggested 
by Ken Stlpanov 

Staff Writer 
Discussion of several topics 

dominated Monday night's 
m eeting of the Student 
Cooperative. No concrete actions 
or decisions were enacted by the 
body as a whole . 

Discussion topics included : 
-Whether or not those involved in 

student government should have 
their participation indicated on 
their official transcript as an in-
centive to involvement. 

-the advisability of having large, 
well-publicized monthly m~tings 
where routine business would not 
be conducted, but rather where 
campus-wide issues would be 
discussed. 

The object of these meetings 
would be to involve many more 
students in major issues and im-
prove the credibility of the Coop. 

Cutback Effects 
-The effect of the new state 

budget on the University in terms 
of enrollment cutbacks and the 
hiring of fe wer new professors than 
anticipated. 

-SOme Coop members warned 
that Gov. Brown was not to blame 
for the shortage, but that conflicts 
of interest with some Regents were 
the root of the problem. 

-The sta tus of the sta lled Board 
of Author ity proposal. 

Forty-four people a ttended the 
meeting. 

Aftent ion prospecf iv e Mu ir 
groduotes : There will be a meeting 
of all interested studenfs friday, 
january 30 Of +2 noon in the Mu ir 
College conference room, room 
21 48 HSS to discuss plans for the 
june graduation ceremony. Your 
comments and ideas are ap-
preciated . If you cannot attend the 
first meeting, please confoc t 
Bobbie in the Muir Dean 's Office 
X3587. 

uld h f
•• • •••••• • •••• • 

Alternatively, deodorant tampon commercials co go t e way 0 
underarm deodorants. I can see it already. First, there is the basic • l!!!J!1!!I 
aluminum chlorhydrate scent. Next comes menthol. Then in ra pid • Ski · , · 

.. ~ : successi<5n, lemon, pine and herbal-garden scents a r e developed and __ • 
marketed. This will be the end of it for about three months, then some • 
prodigy in the marketing division of Proctor and Gamble will come up. • 
with a fantastic new idea : natural scent. • 

It's preordained. • 
Did you ever wonder what happens to your sweat when you Use Gobi • 

Anti-P erspirant? Goes tIl your mouth, right? So you use Slav oris and put • 
anothe r finger in the dike. There's one place left for it to go after the • 
mouthflush and you block that with Kaopectate. • 

MAR8 21-~ [lIM/N6- U'Rr, 8<MK 
5 AllDIIY Lf fT TiCKfT-' 
5NI&HH L OD&W" 
'Wf.LCO!f£ fileY 
21>RNCU 
,-,'rlE f CHE.E.a~ {1,m 

• 
• 

• 
• 
• 

• 

Now you're fine . You can associate with others perfectly confident you • 
will not offend. But don' t stand by anything sharp and, baby, keep away • 
from open flames . • 

This is impossible. r can 't read the psychology text from here. r think • 
these courses are purposely made hard, just to be hard. Oh, well, I guess • 
I 'll have to put on my glasses. Yeah, J can read it now. Made more sense • 

B UFFET ])/I .. ~ArStHM,,~ .. 
• 

• 

• 
• 

• 

• without the glasses, though. 
It 's odd, but r can reach lne record player-I think a little " Begga r 's : 

Banquet" is indicated-though I can't reach the psych book. I'm sure it's 
all quite Freudian . I'm probably subconsciously shortening my arm : 
when I reach for the book. It must be some sort of defense mechanism. • TICK"'":!> SoLb ~T :tro_ r CbI7V< (1!bNIIJ 'l-na ... N_J", 1'1-1' 

It 's really a shame, too. I want to study, but how can I ? I can 'tturn the. Fof;;::':~ .. 
pages from here, and that book doesn' t look like it's going to come to me. • JOt. 7f;'13~1-:!";.t~ ';:'1;:..,. 

• 
It 's got th2t stubborn look, you know? • .c ., • • , Cl. 

All righI, then, I won't study, dammit . To hell with it. Why should I • • •• • • • • • • • • •• • 
make all t) ;.;;le;.;e~ff;;:;o;.;rt;.;,? _________________ --..... 

fr~ $299 
H AWAII fr~ $169 
N EW YORK m$169 

EUROPE 
I 

Round Trip_J_e_t ----1 

FREE TRAVEL SERVICE 
CALL LINDA 287-7424 

51 86 College Ave. San Diego 9211 5 

WANTED 
Patien ts for investigat io n o f a 

N ew . Improved 
, 

Soft Len 

Everyting requir d will be 
suppl ied . H owever. th ere will 

be il fee for erv ices 

Call 
272-2211 

For Information 

Friday, JaDllary 31, 19'78 

Muir Reporter 

Dean's Office Open to Queries 
by Jennifer HUdreth 

Staff Writer 
Dean Jim Beckley wishes to 

emphasize that his doors are open 
to anyone wanting to talk over or 
ask questions about the recent 
suicide. 

Concern over the suicide at Muir 
College last week has prompted the 
development of a " caring response 
system" at Page One. This system, 
which was student inspired and 
will be run by students, would 
provide help for people feeling 
troubied or bothered. 

Ideally, this would be in effect 24 
hours a day. For more infonnation 
or if you are interested in working 
on the staff, contact Page One. 

There are student openings on 
the Muir Program Board, which 
arranges activities such as 
speakers, dances and films for 
Muir College . Off-campus 
residents are needed for the Muir 
Housing and Food Service Com-

mittee which decides policy con-
cerning the two areas mentioned in 
its title. One student is needed for 
both the Student Conducts Com-
mittee (SCC ) and the Election 
Board. The SCC determines policy 
regarding rules and actions in the 
event of a violation. The Election 
Board deals with on-campus 
election policy. If interested, 
contact an intern in the dean's 
office. 

Realizing that the amount of 
time spent studying diminishes 
time to meet others, a Muir intern 
is launching a " study buddy" idea. 
A student wishing to study with 
someone else in a certain subject 
would leave his name, phone 
number and subject with this in-
tern and when someone of similar 
interest signed up, phone nwnbers 
wou ld be exchanged. Some 
students in Math IB are already 
involved. For more infonnation 
callX3587. 

Something NEW at your 
College Book Store! 

CAMPUS LIFE VII AMINS 

lealthoRIte VITAAMINS 
The Nation 's Largest Selling Natural 

Vitamin Product! SAVE NOW! 

CampusLile 

VITAMIN E 
CAPSULES 

4001.U. 
Bottle of 100 
5.49 Value 

SALE 
99 

L.a..e 
VITAMIN C 

WITH ROSE HIPS 
2.63 Value 

Bottle of 100 39 
UCSD Bookstore 
Hrs: 8 to 4:45 
Mon. thru Fri. 

MATTHEWS L ....... " . 

Friday, JaDaary 38, 1971 • r •• oll •• OM'S Page fi ve 

Wedding Band' Opens Tonight 

'Someday, Someone Will Write of Me' 

SO Painters of '30s Exhibited 
by • 

Elizabeth Chiment 
Staff Writer 

An exhibition of San Diego painters of the 30s on display a t the Fine Arts 
Ga llery in Balboa Park . The show, composed of works by Margot R~cle, 
Robert Wood, and Elliot Torrey is from the collection of the San DIego 
City Scl'!ools and will run through F eb. 29. Als o at the FlOe Arts .Galle~y 
are the works of Frederic Church, the fa mous 19th century RomantIc 
landscape artist , and 18 paintings by contempora ry Chinese artist Chen 
Ten-Cheng. 

Works of New York artist Charles Ross will be on exhibition at the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art beginning F eb. 7 and running 
through March 14. Titled "The Substance of Light : Su.nli.ght Disper.s ion, 
the Solar Burns Point Source/Starspace," the show III mclude painted 
boards which r~cord the movement of the sun in relation to the earth 
through burns created by prism directed sunlight ; a fe w of the plexiglas 
pr isms used in making the burns ; and some of the art ist's newer ma p 
drawings. 

The artist's goal was to acheive a sense of the source. His a rt is a 
method of inquiry, a nd the subject is the totality of light energy. 

A new shOw of paintings by artist James Christensen entitled " Las t 
Minute," is now on dis play a t the Triad Gallery, in San Diego. The display 
of conte mpora ry Chicano art, " Arte Picante," is continuing at the 
Mandev ille Art Ga lle ry. In conjunction with this pa rticula r arVtheatre 
ext ravaganza will be a performa nce of the Teatro Mestizo in the Man-
deville Auditorium, nex t Thursday, a t 8 pm. The show is free and open to 
the public, with a reception following in the Internationa l Center on 
Matthews Campus. 

For those of you who are silent movie buffs, Gaylord Carter, nationally 
known organist will be appea ring in a specia l presentation with a n 
original, uncut silent film that was one of the first silent western~ , 
"Tumbleweeds." The pr ogra m will be he ld Saturda y, Feb. 14 at 8 pm In 
the Southla nd Music Center , in Lemon Grove. Carter's career began with 
work a t Grauman's Million Dollar Thea tre, and found h im playing at the 
Downtown Pa ra mount, United Artists, Wa rner 's Hollywood a nd the 
Egyptian. It ought to be an exceptionally interesting evening. 

A women's concert featuring m usicians Meg Christianson, Holly Near, 
Chris Williamson, a nd Margie Adams will take place this this Sunday at 
the Univers ity of San Diego. The women, who have played individually at 
women's festivals and concerts in the area will combine ta lents for the 
cvening a nd present what I'm sure will be a n unforgettable night of 
music . 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Positions are open for fhe Muir Hungry? The Muir Snack Bar is 

College Orientof ion Leaders for this open even ings from 9-12 m idn ight 
summer. for in formation, the Muir 
Dean 's Office, X3587 or drop by with a complefe line of goodies 7 
HSS 2125. days a week . 

by Daniel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

In "A Note on Commercial 
Theatre," La ngston Hughes 
wrote : 

You put me in Macbeth and 
Carmen Jones 
And all kinds of Swing Mikados 
And in everything but what's 
about me-
But someday somebody'll 
Stand up and talk a bout me, 
And write about me -
Black and beautiful -
And sing about me, 
And put on plays about me! 
I reckon it ' ll be me myself 
Yes it ' ll berne. 

Director Gaffney 

It is this type of theme that 
drama professor Floyd Gaffney 
finds in the UC San Diego 
production of Alice Childress's 
" Wedding Band " under his 
direction. 

The play, which will be 
presented at the UCSD Theatre 
on Matthew's Campus Jan. 30-31, 
Feb. 1, a nd Feb. 6~ at 8 pm, deals 
with an interracial love in North 
Carolina in the year 1918. 
Recently, Gaffney spoke to the 
Triton Times a bout Black 
Thea tre in general a nd " Wedding 
Band" in pa rticula r. 

"n is ~ry interesting," said 

U.C., san diego campus program board 

= = POII~ .111. 
. IHIAI~II 

" • • . s pec t acular • • • 
ext raordina ry ••• " 

Newsweek 

fel>.l. 

" • . • or iginal and s uccessful. 
The effec t 1s a n unpar a l -
leled display of eroticism 
and sensuousness .• . " 

Af t e r Dark 

"real mime" 
Marcel Marceau 

MANDEVILLE 
.Spl •• 

AUDITORIUM 
ucsd st. $3 g.a.$4.S0 

ucsd box office 
452-4090 

Gaffney, " that most Americans, 
both black and white, feel that the 
black writers or Black Theatre 
began with 'A Raisin in the Sun ' 
by Lorraine Hansberry in 1956, 
and that whatever preceded this 
didn' t amount to anything. But 
there was a great deal of activity, 
in terms of the black writer prior 
to this period." 

Analogous to this, is the feeling 
that drama began with the 
Greeks. " Possibly in terms of a 
written text ," said Gaffney " it 
began with the Greeks. But 
certain ly in terms of the in-
vention of dra ma it began with 
the Egypt ians." 

According to Gaffney, " You 
cannot separate Afro-American 
drama from African drama 
because, ce rtainly, the slaves 
that came over were not absent in 
terms of a cultu ral history or a 
cultura l past. Part of this past, 

-and a very strong part of the past, 
was development irr terms of the 
dramatic sense. 

"The black tradition is an oral 
tradition, a community thing 
where everybody is involved. It 
is not a spectator ritual where the 
audience is seperated fro m the 
action. It will be very interesting 
to see the way blacks respond to 
the show. They'll be seeing 
through the show. They'll be 
identifying, emphasizing, with 

Ton i D . Butler and Laurine 
Towler 

the play from a very real 
emotional point of view, because 
a lot of these kids are from the 
south or are one or two 
generations rel'l1oved, and their 

G erry Ed w ards 

parents have actually ex-
perienced somt' of the things that 
happen in the pla y." 

There are two basic thematic 
lines in the " Wedding Band." 
One is the love between a Ger· 
man baker and a black woman, 
and the other is World War I it-
self. Childress changes the story 
of interracial love from the old 
ste reotypes. Instead of the 
"Colonel and the mulatto," as 
Gaffney calls the stereotypes, 
both characters were isolated 
from their communities. The 
baker, being German, was in a 
form of exile because of World 
War I, and the woman was a live-
in maid who only went into the 
black community occasionally. 

The play is also about black 
women; three in particular. One 
is a widow woman who has a son 
in the army; another is a black 
matriarch; and the third is trying 
to raise her children alone 
because her husband is away in 
the war. As such, the play 
examines the family structure of 
black society. 

Gaffney believes that the entire 
idea behind the " Wedding Band" 
goes back to what was written by 
Hughes. "There's a whole new 

Continued on page 8 

Polish Mime Ballet 
Theatre Presents 'Filissa' 

The Polish Mime Ballet Theatre 
will perform " The Managerie of 
the Empress Filissa, " this Sunday 
at 8 pm in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

"The first thing that stands out, " 
one critic claimed , " is that all of 
the dancers, male and female, 
have extraordinary physiques. 
Gone forever is the willowy, unisex 
ballet look as it is firmly replaced 
by bar:rel-chested, bulging-biceped 
men and full-b reasted, prominent-
fea tured women ." 

The troupe, founded 20 years ago 
by forme r dancer Henryk 
Tomaszewski, performs works 
which vibrate with eroticisIll . 
Everything - costumes, music, 
lighting - is gea red to stress the 
body and the versatility of the 
dancers. 

" Filissa," cal1ed " the master-
work of the company's repertory," 
is based on an 80-year-old scena rio 
by the German expre ionist 
playwright Frank Wedeking . 

The work tells of a young girl 
recen tly awaken d to sexual 
desir . The mime is a series of 

'xual en ountcrs in which a 
va riety of men tr to xiucc the 
Empr ss. A sadist throws her 
court into an orgy a strongman 
bccome impot nt, th Empr 
becomes "a sexual Waterloo for 

apoleon," who attacks her with a 
cannon. Another suitor arouses her 
appetite for food so she eats him. A 
magician tries to win her with a 
Frankensteinia n monster who 
comes to life as a Nazi. At the end, 
the young Empress don a top hat, 
picks up a whip and ca lls to heel 
the whole troop of suitors. 

LJ Orchestra 
To Feature 
Cellist 

The La Jolla Chamber Orchestra 
will feature cellist Nathaniel Rosen 
as guest soloist in its third concert 
of the season tonight and tomorrow 
night at eight in Sherwood Hall in 
La Jol a. Rosen, who recently 
made his recital debut at Lincoln 

Center'~ Alice Tully Hall, will 
perform Tschaikovsky's " Roccoco 
Variation." Mri the 110(: .rto 
in A Major by K.P .E. Bach. 

Piero Gamba. mu ic director of 
th Winnepeg Sympliull \\Iill b 
th gue t conductor. He will I :ld 
thc orcehstra in B thoven's 
Symphony o. 1 in C Major, and 

\ Ro ini's Ov rture to " The Silk n 
Continued on pag 



Palem a rlif .. illll('S FrieI.y, J •• U8ry .,1976 

l~iTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
I 

-,f, 
Rulea and Rates 

Ciasal11eds shOuld either be printed or typed on a;Y' x 5" c.d (llYailable 
in Triton Times olflce) , They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and' and 4 p .m. 

The following ratea are for 100 spaces - If you use more spaces, the rate 
will double, (loospaces ··25cents; ,01 to200--50cents) . 

Personals -- 51 
Loat and Found --free 
Other ads: students - 25 cent. 
nonstudents - $' , 

Deadlines: 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 pm Monday for Wednesday ; 4 pm 
Wednesday for Friday. 

Announcements: free. All announcements will run In the Monday 
calendar . Deadline for calendar : 4 pm Friday. 

(All additions or corrections to listings in the ~edule of Classes for 
regular University courses will be charged $1) . 

holJsiNG 

M ROOM ATE WANTED to share large lIat In 
Mission Hills. Many extras ; Canyon rim . 
Alter6 eves. 295-0996. Pauf (212) 

FOR RENT. Own room in peacefut ocean 
beach house. Clean light . yard . qUiet -Ideal. 
All utilities included . $100. Steven. 222-7' 95 . 
270-1059 . 1' /30) 

2 MI F Roommates needed. 2 rooms available 
,n 4 bedrm house in Univ. Ci ty. $'OO l mo. 
inc I. util . 452-8208 . (1 130) 

Two single room s for rent in quiet room y 
P.B.' house . Yard . pets O,K .. S9' 25. water 
incl. 27(}.()224. Dana . Rita . (' 130) 

F rmmte own room S77 .50I mo ptus ut il 
Genesee Highlands condo non-smoker. no 
pets 452-8662 after 6 pm (1 / 30 ) 

3BR-2BA La Jolla Playmore townhorne. 
nicely furnished brick patio 454-1449 
available now $325 (2 / 4) 

Room for rent. In 3 brd. house in Solana Bch. 
'12 block from bch. Ca ll Rick or Rob at 453-
8957 or 755-2730 (1 / 30) 

Student. junior. needs ap t. in La Jolla ViI. 
Any Info . call Robert 453-7826 (1 /301 

Furn ished studio near Wind n' Sea beach 
S, 25 00 ut itlties ,ncluded 350 Playa del Sur. 
459-<>939 weekdays." (t 130) 

Lrg furn . ' bdr. apt SI 15/mo. for Quiet grad . 
or older stud . Near bus. fwy s. 264-3680 eve."s 
111 :JJ) 

• SERVICES 

Mark Wenzel, MIme arti st available for 
part ies , Superb ent er tai nment and 
reasonable rate s. Call 224-<>0' , (4191 

TYPING 55 cents page. Reports . Resumes. 
Misc . Papers. etc. IBM Selectric . Call BEE . 
753-7356 . Please clip ad. (' 130) 

Tutoring - any and allle_els of French . S5/hr. 
or S3 for one half hour. 452-t410 . (2 /2) 

Typ is t - IBM . Term paperslthesls l 
dissertations l etc . EdNlng / rush jobs/ Xerox . 
560-817, or 452-'588 . (311 2) 
STEREO REPAIR: Student with prolesslonal 
training and experience In stereo repair. 
offers greatly reduced rat es to those on 
student budgets. Repairs made on all makes 
and models, amps. preamps, receivers, 
tuners . tapes. and tables Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE. Call im-
mediately for free estimate and or problem 
consultat ion . Call 291 -592"/ . (2 /6 ) 

Womancare Pregnancy testing. birt h 
contro l t abort ions, pre-natal ca re and 
women 's health information. 1050 Garne t . 
Paci fic Beach 488-7591 (2127) 

TY PING' Marilyn woul d like to type your 
paper. thesis . book . She is e.perienced . fast 
reasonable. and has a correcting IBM. Please 
call her at 565-7()jO(212) 

TRAVEl 

EUROPE . ISRA EL. ORtENT. N Y. TGC Low 
cost fli ght s. t 436 S. La Cienega BI. L.A , 
90035 . (71 4) 73~961 8 or (2 , 3) 652-2727. 
13( 12) 

EUROPE e TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS 
BOOK ON CAMPUS BOOK EARLY. CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES UCSD IN-
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12-4 pm 452-()j3O (3ft 2) 

SKI HEAVENLY VALLEY dur ing quarter 
break. March 2, -26. 5 All Day Li ft Tickets. 5 
N,l es Lodging. Ca smo Buffet Dmner & 
Part ,es Galore all for only $79.90 . Tickets on 
sale at St udent Center. 9-t ' . ' 2- t. Mon to 
Fn . 

Fri. Jan.30 

, MONTY 
_PYTItON 

Holy GRAil' 
MANDEVDJ.E 
AUDITORIUM 

, 

WANTEd 

W,E.A,I Now Hi ring . $5 .00 HR , 3 .hilts ; 9-1 , 
1-5. 5-9. Interviews Mon 4 p .m. &. Thurs 4:00 
p .m. 784t Balboa Ave ,. S,D, . Ca. (2 /6) 

Need exira cash? Buying old U.S, coins. Also 
buy ing U S. silver coins minted belore '965. 
Ken, 453-7924, (3/ 12) 

Rai l fan - 10 follow 4449 East from Tucson . 
Leave Sat -p ,m , Share expenses. Call Mark . 
27, -()j55 for details . (1 130) 

Mari uana rel ated research. H aUh l ey mal es 
2, -35 to l ive in hospital 26 cons days pays S 
12t 3) 825-0094 . (212) 
Wanted--Somebody 10 

lug g le lour 

Dave at 272-9932 Even. (' I :JJ) 

teach me to 

balls. 

R,de to N. HollywoodlValley Fri or Sat Jan 
30. 31 . Chet 452-9923 will pay 'I> gas (1 1:JJ) 

Losl Ring - Blue stone Cornell letterman 
club- with M .S.lnitial $20 reward for IInder. 
Provost Ol f . Mu ir (1/30) 

PERSONALs 

Gigi Happy Birthday for t 2976 Remember 
you are only as froo as you let yoursel f be. 
Enjoy ! Love me (, /30) 

Cowboy with a heart of gold . 1st w,pa wlthis 
novel . For free ' st chapter. send stamped 
envelope to . Charles Heimler. 743 Crest Rd ., 
Del Mar 920' 4. (311 2) 

A TIN Fourth College bit ing party Is on f or 
Fri , 130. If you don't know where it is call 
453-0537-Mlke. Jace. Bob . Dan . or Hil lary . 

P S B Y.O .BITE ' 

To the seaweed k,d Happy Birthday ! From 
Cotton and Christie (t I :JJ) 
The mag 'ClanS guild of San Diego ca llee off 
their meet,ng to watch Andre Kohl here , Do 
they know something you don 'I? They 're 
e.c, lee. Kohl,s great get your tickets early . 

-The Inlormer (1 130) 

fOR SALE 

75 Honda CB500T. like new. $, 295. 459-
7439. (11301 

' 974 B210 Datsun excellent cond $2400 call 
75~87' 2. (1 / :JJ) 

Hansen exhibition ski boots . size-mad , used 
6 times must sacriliee call J,m alter 6 pm 
753-5224 (2 / 2) 

Tropical fish library . very e.tenslve , over 5120 
invested . Indulge yourself $25 Pete 755-7600 
Eves (1 /30) 

Wetsuit for sale used once. For surfing or 
diving . $50 or best oller call 452-,657 eves 
ask for Jon (1 130) 

R F Gen . ; Huge power supply (HP) ; signal 
In/ector: color bar & signal dot gen.; elec . 
part s 753-762, 11/ 30 ) 

Peugeot PX10LE. Frame 531 . size 21 '12 " . 
Rodle Main saddle. Campy . CinellI. $205.00 
X3077 ask for Mark Starr (2 14) 

Dinner, dancing . good talk and a chance 10 
mi ngle with deans and profs. All this for the 
S,7 lcouple pr ice of a IIcket to EAB's 
Va lentine 's Dav dinner l dance. Sales must 
end a week from today . at the be. office (1 13) 

CAT STEVENS CONCERT! LA Forum Feb. 2 
& 3. Better prices AND BETTER LOCATIONS 
than al l comP,<ltitors. 270-7855 . (212) 

DAVID BOWIE CONCERT ! Choice floor seal s 
at best prices in SD. Call us first. 270-7855 . 
(212) 

For Sale: AR Tuentable with ADC VML 
Cartndge-S60. Call 565-09, 3. (1 130) 

GOlf Clubs-' 970 Wil son Staff 2-PW. Arnold 
Pa lmer 1 & 4 W. 03 Reg Shalt. $65 . Joe 
Rogers. X3OO9. (11:JJ) 

Kmg size bed . mattress bo . spring . head 
board . reg . $500; sell for SI50 . Hm. by 5' 30 . 
744-5615 wk 452-4436 . ask lor Connie , (2 /2) 

LOST & fOlJNd 

LOST-Calculus Book Black. Call 459-1869 
(1 130) 

LOST Smalt UCSD notebook (Hist. 16 t 
notes) In HL ',16 Mon . night. Return to TT 
offi ce or call phone 1# on Iront cover of 
notebook . I desperall y need them back 
today! (' 130) 

LOST Physics book. Syllabus notebook and 
Math notebook In the NS2ASP room. Call 
Denn 's 755-8209 . I t 130) 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES Ihru 

HYPNOSIS 
DICK RAKOW 281 -458E 

LOST: One blue sweat shirt, Monday , 1/26 In 
APM 2113, Please return 10 TT ollice or cal l 
453-7368 (t I:JJ) 

LOST: Black wallet , 1/27 may keep money 
plus reward . Return to TI or call X3574 
chemistry dept. (t 130) 

LOST Orange 3 ring notebook chem t BL 
Mand . Aud' -,9 453-9539 (1 / 30) 

FOUND: Sweater left in Rev . cafe about 1 /20 
Claim in TI 011 ice, (' I :JJ) 

LOST: BLUE CHEMICAL PRINCIPLES book 
,n chem sec '0 . Mon , /19. IF louod please 
ca ll Debbie at 755-6990. (1 /30) 

LOST -someone removed m y g lasses from 
cent. lib bathroom. Please please retu rn . 
Reward . Laurel 488-9758 (1 / 30 ) 

LOST Blue cord levis style jacket Tues. 5 pm 
on ra,l between Mayer and Bonner 755-48' 0 
(lI :JJ) 

FOUND: A square gold-colored compact. 
Inquire at the T T (1 /30) 

ANNOtINCEMENTS 

WRITING CLINIC -- If you have 
difficulty getting your ideas down 
an paper or you simply wanf to 
improve your writing skills, the 
Writing Clinic can assist you . The 

. Wriling Clinic is nof a closs. but 0 
free serviEe. Wr ifing advice is 
otfered on a one-to-one basis o n 
course popers, job applications, 
resumes. proposals. scholarl y 
articles--whatever the need. If we 
can assist you in any way, come to 
HL 1254 or call 452-2522 to make a n 
appointment . 

- Atlenlion prospective Mu ir 
graduates: there will be a meet ing 
of all interesled students today 01 
12 noon i n the Mu ir Co llege 
conference room , room 2148 H:" 
to discuss plans for the June 
graduation ceremony . Yo ur 
comments and ideas ore ap-
prec iated. If you cannot attend. 
pl e a se contact Bobbie in the M uir 
Dean' s Office X3587 . 

COPIES 
0IIIr 
.... 31L~ 10 
:.. /2 HIIIIII. 

,,_012 LOC&T1OIOI • 
11011'1 ..ale ..... Iau 
'I" ~j"'II7"I" 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 
~'UlpItie eq~ Ut £0. ge!A1 
t~C"~ ~~ Discount Prices 

\ ,/ 

.. / 
u _ 

7717 Fa 

FREE 

Canon, Olympus 
Nikon, Pentax 

Sales, Repairs, & Trades 
459-7355 

~clence of Mind 
come and hear 

Dr. John Wight, D.o. 
On 

'As a way 
of Life' 

This Sunday 10:45am 
715 Silverado 

La Jolla 

Friday, Ja ... ary .,1878 

oFFENsiVE 
ScoH Sadil 

This Old Boy's Got No Future 
What looked like just another Friday evening turned out to be my birth-

day_ 
When you reach a certain age, or you live alone, birthdays mean in-

trospection. For a castrated, aging athlete, that meant a nice blend of 
pa in, agony, and torment for the night. 

I could see it coming on me fast. I took two aspirin and went to bed. But 
it didn't help. No way. 22 years of intense athletic competition and still not 
in the Big Leagues in any sport. Il was probably too late. 1 had to pay. 

There was Daddy putting that football and catcher's mitt and boxing 
glove and tennis racquet and putter and Converse basketball shoe into my 
crib. And me, spitting out my mother's nipple, throwing the rubber 
/Jacifier into my sister's bowl of cream o'wheat, and lashing out with a 
wicked IC£t hook at the Siamese cat. 

And later. StandIng menacingly, awesomely. waiting with a bat for any 
Little Leaguer to try and throw a high hard one past me. And proudly 
leaping over the lowered badminton net in the driveway where I won the 
Parkland Dr. Tennis Open_ And glaring at the ragged hole in our lawn 
before hitching up my pants and hitting the wooden ball with the croquet 
mallet, sending it through a vicious left-right break and into the cup for a 
birdie. 

I got up and took a piss, but it would be worse staying awake so I got 
hark under the damp covers. 

My name in the school newspaper, " .. . leads the Wildcats to basketball 
·ha mpionship." On my gym locker. Hung in effigy by the rival high 

, chool. Next to my batting average and 40 yd . dash time on college 
coaches' scouting reports. Smile , we need a picture too. 

I s tood up in bed, naked, and did twenty-five jumping jacks. They didn' t 
hurt it. I feltno physical pain. Only mental. And spiritual. 

It wason me. 
The first joint. A female breast in my hand. Foot on the gas pedal. Hair 

past my collar. A surfuoard. Marx instead of meat. Yoga. And god-
damned, overbearing, winning-is-everything coaches! 

And then: Tackled from behind in the open field. Bailing out from 
c\Jrve-balls. Sending short putts rive feet past the hole. The Yips. Sent 
r('ding into the ropes by a barrage of stiff right hands. And only 5' 11 ",160 
lbs_ And too slow. (Butsmart_ ) 

I frantically turned on the lights to see if it was still there. I was afraid 
to feel with my hands. It was. Big deal. . 

Because I was in a rubber-noored rec gym trying to make a free throw 
so t~at I could get into a game. And I was showing this woman my service 
motIOn so that she could tell I played tennis decently and would get a 
court for us some afternoon. And I made a nice one-handed catch of a 
softba ll, even though my throw was lousy. I was wearing shoes with holes 
In them. The~e was no elastic left in my jock. My tee-shirt had a pocket on 
It. Now only five-feel ten inches taiL One hundred and fifty pounds. 

So I cltmbed out of bed and put on my shoes and sweats. I jogged three 
and one-half miles. Back in my room, in front of the mirror I 
shadowboxed for five minutes. One hundred pushups. I looked at a Spo~ts 
Illustrated. 

But I know that it is not going to help. If I haven't made it by now, well 
._. I am already too old. Too old to make the Big Leagues_ But even im· 
potent old men get hard-ons, so I will keep trying. 

Beachwtar _& Casual clothing 
Complete line of Skateboards & Accessories 

New & Used Surfboards & ' Kneeboards 
Custom orcters available n Wetsuits in all sizes 

SONSHINEWSURF SHOP~ 
1911 Coble SI. in Oceon Beach 222- 1438 

U.C., SAN DIEGO CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD p .... nl. 

!lan McLeod 
the modern mime 
Feb. 4, Wedneed.y, 8 pm 
M.nd .. iIIe Auditorium 

UCSD .t. 12.50 G. A. 13.50 
Ticket.: UCSD Box OffIce 452.~90 ~ 

• rlaoll 'IIJI('S t"a ge seven 
Tritons Meet P.e. 

An Easy Win Tomorrow Night? 
by Dave Eisen 
Sports Editor 

If the Triton basketball team is 
going -to coast to a victory 
sometime during the conferetlce 
season, tomorrow night should be 
the night. 

one of the few times all season. 
At times tomorrow night, 

Cunningham will go to his three 
guard offense, which was quite 
successful against Point Lorna. 
Mallory Mitchell, Ken Melvin, and 
Bart Bradley are the Tritons' first, 
second. and fourth best scorers. 

Can UCSD make the play-offs in 
1976? 

" I think we have a good chance," 
said Cunningham. "We can beat 
anyone, as long as we play 
disciplined , with intensity, and 
control the tempo of the game." UC San Diego hosts winless 

Pacific Christian in the main gym, 
with an 8 pm tip-off time. The 
game follows the JV battle against 
North Island Naval Air Station. 

The Tritons, 1-2 in league play 
and 8-10 overall, could move a 
game closer to an NAIA play-off 
spot. UCSD now trails Cal Baptist 
and USIU, the two unbeaten 
squads, and Azusa Pacific in the 
District 3 Southern Division_ Just 
two teams will get play-off berths. 

IMs are Rolling Again 

"We should beat Pacific 
Christian," said coach Barry 
Cunningham. " I· certainly believe 
that we have the better team." 

Team Improvement 
"The squad is just now starting 

to play up to its potential. Against 
Point Lorna (in last week's 91-83 
win) we played with intensity for 
the full 40 minutes for the first 
time, Before that we had been 
breaking down for various 
reasons." 

Against Pacific Christian, UCSD 
will have to stop Mitch Mezzulo, a 
hot shooting guard. The Tritons 
will have a height advantage. for 

UC San Diego's intramural 
basketball entered its second 
phase last week, with a new format 
and the same old excitement that 
existed last quarter. 

There are eleven men's leagues 
broken up into "A," " B," and "C," 
divisions . There also are three 
coed leagues and two pee-wee (5'-
10" and under) league. 

In addition, Lee Johnson, 
Director of Intramurals at UCSD, 
has invoked a new concept that he 
hopes will solve the problem of 
unfair scheduling. He calls it 
simply " instant scheduling." 
Instead 'of playing at various times 
teams will play 85% of their games 
at the same time and day each 
week. For all basketball fans, 
games will be played from 9 to 12 
Wednesday and Thursday nights 
and from 10 in the morning until 9 
at night on Sundays_ 

Another change from last year is 
that the teams will play seven 
regular season games instead of 
tbe usual six_ 

As for the competition, Johnson 
feels it will be very tough. He 
points out that last year's cham-
pion was not an " A" league team, 
but came from the " B" division_ 
Johnson, along with his faithful 
assistant, Mike Hipp, and this 
reporter have come up with the 
following pre-season poll : 

1. Semi-Tough 
2. Soft-Touch 
3. Thunderchickens 
4. The Prudhoe Bay Jazz 
5. All-State--Good-Hands 
6_ Icing on the cake 
It isn't too late to sign up for any 

intramural sport, according to 
Johnson. Those who still want to 
get on a team should see Mike Hipp 
in the rec gym office. 

Hockey All-Stars: UCSD VS UCSB 
Since hockey's inception there 

has been talk of having it become 
part of the annual competition at 
the AU-Cal tournament, but the 
proposal was turned down owing to 
the fact that there was only one 
other UC campus, Santa Barbara 
playing the game. 

A sort of All-Cal competition will 
be held in the rec gym tomorrow 
night at 7;30 when the champions 
of the UC Santa Barbara floor 
hockey program will face off 

against the UCSD champions, 
Orrgy. 

Tomorrow's competition wilt be 
not so much on the level of school 
versus school, but 10mething more 
in line with the recent USSR-NHL 
series, Representing UCSD is last 
quarter's floor hockey champion 
Orrgy. 

Captained by Jeff Kirsner, Orrgy 
features a play style similar to that 
of the Philadelphia Flyers, but 
within the restrictions imposed by 

1M .Games of the Week 
Sailcats Blitz Hoffy 62-9, 

McAulliffe Heads Rockne Win 
Cary Thompson 

Staff Writer 
Coed Basketball 

The top-ranked Sailcats put the 
blitz on Hoffy early. With Dean 
Patterson and Vera Torp leading 
the way, the Sailcats pulled out to 
an early 2H1 lead. With Sailcats' 
girls shooting consistently well 
Hoffy was never in the ballgame. 
Early in the second period, Diana 
Ludwig stretched the lead out with 
two quick fast break baskets.·It was 
32 - 0 before Hoffy's Lynn 

. Chevalier popped a shot in from 
; the baseline. The Sailcat.s then put 

on another scoring spree and when 
it was aU over the final score was 
62- 9_ Vera Torp led all scorers with 
24 points for the winners. Dean 
Patterson finished with nine and -

. Dave Walling, Karen Hamre and 
Nancy Brown chipped in with four, 
seven and nine respectively. F'or 

t~e losers, Dave Shields finished 

o 
o 
w 
i3 

with three and Lynn Chevalier wilh 
six. \ 

Men's Basketball 
In Mitochondria League action, 

two undefeated powerhouses, the 
Players and the Knute Rocknes, 
clashed last Sunday to decide first 
place_ It was a tight game all the 
way with both teams hitting well at 
the outset. However, Knute 
Rockne's center, Tom McAuliffe 
dominated the boards and the 
Rocks were able to get the better 
percentage shots. As a result, the 
Players found themselves down 34 
- 24 at ha !fUme. 

The Players were not about to go 
down easily when Rick Vetti closed 
the gap to four points with seven 
minutes remaining. Unable to get 
any help on the boards, the Players 
began to slip to the combined 
rebounding power of the Rocks' 
Tracy Keller and Tom McAuliffe. 

Contin~d on Page 8 

the not quite hockey rink con-
ditions of the rec. gym. 

The team fea tures a solid 
defense headed by goaltender Jeff 
Dieden, who posted one of the 
lowest goals aga inst ave rages in 
the league last season. Sharing the 
defensive chores are Jim JaqueUe, 
Doug Moore and Dick Parker_ 
Moore also spends some time up on 
the left wing. 

One of the formulas that brought 
them the league championship last 
quarter was the formation of two 
strong offensive lines which was an 
innovation from the usual free 
substitution style of play. Orrgy's 
top production line features J eff 
Kirsner at center , nanked with Hal 
Basset at left wing and Natt 
Nesper on the right wing. The 
second line has Mar:t Pine at 
center with Ed Indvik a nd Greg 
Chew on the wings. 

Not much is known about the 
UCSB team or their style of play. 
According to sources at UCSB. the 
main differences in play are that 
where UCSD plays on the tartan 
floor of the rec_ gym, UCSB plays 
on the hardwood noor of their 
facilities. UCSD uses a street 
hockey ball whereas UCSB uses a 
plastic puck. Differences such as 
these may have an adverse effect 
upon the visi tors, but then the 
same can be said for Orrgy if they 
ever repay the visit to UCSB. 

A new innovation has recently 
been incorporated_ There are now 
corner boards in all four corners of 
the Rec Gym, which hopefully will 
facilitate the larger crowds ex-
pected for the match. 

now AT U :~CKBE;X OFFr E now 
BOX OFFICE TUES-FRI NOON-4:30 pm PM 

, 



...... - I 
Whales... 
Magdalen Bay Ire three of the 
main breedin, f;r unds. 

It is believed th t San Diego Bay, 
before its metro~liam days, was 
also a final dest',n tion for many of 
the whales. It i~ f irly common for 
one of the creatur s-particularlya 
calf-to turn into the mouth of 
either San Die{:;o or Mission Bay 
for a short whde, until they are 
startled by heavy boat traffic and 
dart confusedly for the open sea. 

Around Christmas 
The whales begin to appear en 

masse off the San Diego coast 
around Christmas, and their 
numbers remain plentiful until 
early February. They usually 
travel in small groups, which 
makes spotting and observing very 
simple. During the peak month of 
January, whales can be spotted off 
shore at virtually any daylight 
hour. 

Although some hold the theory 
that the fleets of whale watching 

Newspeople .• 

vessels which track the animals off 
the populated coastal regions are 
disruptive to the migration, the 
whales are generally cooperative 
with the efforts of boat captains. 
The animals have never been 
known to act aggressively towards 
boats, and usually pay little at-
tention to the crafts as long as 
engine speeds are kept low and 
constant. 

The whales take short dives of 
only three to five minutes, and then 
swim along the surface for a couple 
of minutes as they breathe, 
shooting streams of fog into the air 
about ten feet high. 

The awe inspiring sight of a Gray 
" breaching" (protruding his head 
and upper body out of the water), 
or merely thrusting his giant tail 
toward the sky as he dives is easily 
worth the three dollars and the pos-
sible tinge of sea-sickness, that a 
whale expedition costs. 

This lack of guidance extends into areas of higher education where it is 
unconscionable. The UCSD Communications Program gives no support 
to broad spectrum student journalism. Communication Arts classes are 
largely devoted to political and cultural analysis, with a few token video 
courses thrown in. The ACT of communicating is ignored. The implacable 
Communications Program stoutly resists interdisciplinary cross-
referencing ~tween Linguistics, Visual Arts, and Political Science, only 
three disciplines of special interest to journalists and communications 
ARTISTS alike. The UCSD Communications Board, established to 
coordinate and stimulate student media, is so lacking in ingenuity that 
not once has it offered solutions to the genuine problems facing this 
paper. 

It is a shame to think that we student journalists should have gone 
elsewhere for our skills, because elsewhere isn't any better, and the 
training we seek is within the definition of this university. 

All of us should know by now that we live with the press. As with any 
social grouping, it is to society's advantage to seek the highest com-
petency possible, in this case to guarantee a high quality of information. 

We need a well-trained press which has the respect of the community. 
Otherwise', the community itself is faced with sensationalism and gag 
orders - we have one leveled against this paper right now, instituted by 
the UCSD Coop. When the flow of information is legally regulated, ap-
propriately or not, access to that information is limited to those who know 
legalese. 

This country can't afford a blundering press, or none of us will know 
anything. 

It is ironic, and to the credit of extra-curricular enterprise, that.a 
Fourth College official recently contacted the Triton Times to solicit help 
in establishing a journalism/writing program at Fourth. 

Bus. .. 
In a meeting Thursday afternoon 

with Del Mar City Manager Wayne 
Dernetz and Councilperson Tom 
Sheppard, Bowers discussed 
subsidies for the Coast Cruiser and 
an eventual subsidy for any transit 
linkup serving Del Mar. At the 
present time, Del Mar is com-
mitted to finishing up its $200,000 
bicycle path program, which uses 
nearly all of the city's state gas tax 
rebate funds. Such funds are 
usually the primary source of 
monies for mass transity plans. 

Bowers, who will be meeting 
with Del Mar Mayor Richard 
Rypinski today, said that the city 
of Del Mar would prefer to use San 
Diego Transit , as most Del Mar 
residents travel to San Diego 
rather than the North County. 
Currently , Del Mar is the only 
coastal city not served by either 
transit service. 

CIl~RTEBS 
SAVE UP TO 50% in '76 

ROPE lromS299 * 
2-3·4-5-6 up to 24 wks. 

APR,·OCT. '76 
Over 915 Plights but: 
LIMITED SEATS on long 
and su nrrier flights so 
book to-iay for '76 

0 ... ,",.11 "_8 ,. _II_ 
291-8141 

· D~~~.~~~ 
MllltOn VoU.y- Equ,tobIt I:dg 

1333 C ....... del lio SovttI 
S.D .. CA 92101 

-Minimum for. which riM' de· 
on dot .. & length of flil • . 

Orchestra ... 
Ladder." Although he is only 39, 
Gamba has already celebrated his 
31 st year as a conductor. 

Rosen, who is presently first 
ce llis t with the Los Angeles 
Chamber Orchestra, and assistant 
to Gregor Piatoigorsky at the 
University of Southern California, 
was a finalist in the Third Inter-
national Tschaikovsky Com-
petition. 

BudgeL 
for instructional use of computers 
at U~D. This will increase the 
dollars/student ratio in this field 
by 109 per cent to $23. 

McElroy said he was pleased 
with the " one shot" allocation for 
instructional equipment 
replacement. He said $419,000 are 
proposed for this purpose; $270,000 
for the general campus and 
$149,000 for health sciences. 

The letter from Oakes expanded 
on the point: "This funding is for 
one year only and is provided from 
the Capital Outlay Fund For Public 
Higher Education (CQIo'PHE) 
($209,000) and General Funds 
($343,000). The campus will have 
flexibility in allocating the 
equipment funds ($419,000) and the 
Instructional Use of computers 
($133,000) in any combination 
providing that a minimum of 
$209,000 be used for equipment 
replacement. " 

The new budget also requires 
that budgetary savings 
requirements will increase by 
$262,000 to $1,047,000. 

This means, in effect, that the 
University will not be able to spend 
money until later on in 1976-77, 
according to McElroy. 

Gaffney ... 
group of black playwrights," said 
Gaffney, "who are standing up and 
looking af the situation, viewing 
life, taking some point of view 
towards it, and ' making a 
statement. The statement that 
they come out with is usually social 
because the whole problem is 
social. 

"So you find that most of the 
black plays are social propaganda 
plays dealing with all the various 
problems that take away first class 
citizenship from the black man in 
America." 

In the end, Gaffney said that with 
the black playwright " writing in 
terms of searching for truth, he is 
going to find it in terms of social 
drama. " 

McGovern to Speak 
Sen. George McGovern (DSouth 

Dakota), the 1972 Democratic 
Presidential nominee, will be a 
guest speaker in the University of 
San Diego's Spring Speakers 
Series. McGovern will speak 
Tuesday, at 8 pm in USD's Camino 
Theater. Tickets are $1.00 for 
students and $2.00 for the general 
public, and may be pijrchased at 
the door. 

Preceding his talk at USD, 
McGovern will be the guest of 
honor at a reception to be held by 
the San Diego County Democratic 
Central Committee. 

San Diegans are invited to meet 
informally with McGovern at the 
reception, which will be located at 
5730 Bounty in Del Cerro. Tickets 
are $10 per person, $5 for students 
and senior citizens. 

Suicide ... 
processes to communicate his 
reasoning to family and friends, 
put it in his pocket, went to the top 
of a Muir building and jumped. 

The Letter will not be made 
public. 

Any friends or other concerned 
individuals who feel they need to 
have more information have been 
advised to contact Muir dean Jim 
Beckley (see article, Page 4). 

Additionally, staff members of 
the counseling and psychological 
services office are available to 
meet with any community member 
who feels the need to discuss the 
matter. 

Their office is MC 302. 

Koleoder 
City Mgr. Hugh McKinley named 

acting Police Chief William 
Kolender as his choice to serve as 
San Diego's new police chief at a 
city council meeting last Wed-
nesday. 

_ The city council will vote on 
Kolender's appointment at the next 
council meeting. 

Kolender has served as actin~ 
police chief since Ra.y Hoobler 
resigned the post Sept. 9, after a 
controversy arose over the seizing 
of confidential police officer 
counseling files. 

McKinley chose Kolender from a 
field of 39 candidates . nationally. 
Kolender has received the en-
dorsement of the Police Officers 
Association a~d Mayor Wilson. 

Game of Week ... 
The Players' rally was turned back 
by the outside sl}ooting of Dale 
Mariett.a. The game ended with the 
Rocks on top 59 - 53. 

Tom McAuliffe led the Knute 
Rocknes with 31 points. Dale 
Marietta, Jeff Thomas, Gordon 
Carlson, and Tim Sullivan were the 
s.upporting cast for the winners, 

getting fourteen, six, two, and six 
points respectively. For the losers, 
Rick Vetti led with 23 points and 

Mike George, Ken Hobbs and Mike 
Farrar all finished with ten. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Applications are naw being 

accepted for the Muir Dartmouth 
exchange program for the Spring 
Quarter, 1976. Any interested 

students should contoct Maxine 
Henry in the Mu ir Provost Office for 
further information . The deadl ine 
is February 6, 

* 
* 

• AT THE * 
...-----... ~~HO~::T~!:~ ... ~------. 

JOIN OUR PARADE OF SUPER STAR ATIRACTIONS 
IN THE POLYNESIAN ROOM, TUES. thm SUN. 

Showtimes - 9 p.m. & 11 p.m. 

* STANLEY TURRENTINE * JOE WILLIAMS 
FEB. 3·8 APR. 6·11 

* CHICO HAMILTON * FREDDIE HUBBARD 
FEB. 10·15 APR. 20·25 

* MAR1l-IA REEVES * STANGETZ 
FEB. 17·22 APR. 27·MAY 2 

* CARMEN McCRAE * CHARLIE BYRD 
FEB. 24·29 MAY 4·9 

* HOWARD ROBERTS * MONGO SANTAMARIA 
MAR. 2·7 MAY 11·16 

* LANA CANTRELL * GEORGE SHEARING 
MAR. 9· 14 MAY 18·23 

* GABOR SZABO * DIZZY GIllESPIE 
MAR. 16·21 MAY 25-30 

* LES McCANN * ESllIER PHILLIPS 
MAR. 23·28 TO BE ANNOUNCED 

* GROVER WASHINGTON, JR * Q-IUCK MANGIONE 
MAR. 3O·APR. 4 TO BE ANNOUNCED 

NO RESERVATIONS NEEDED. TICKET ON SALE UPON ENTRANCE 
You muSI be 21 years of age Of ofder Proper tdenllll~llon reqUired. 

3999 MISSION BOULEVARD. SAN DIEGO. CALIFORNIA. 488-1081 


