
Coffee Hut 
Expands Menu 
and Popularity 

by Mike ScavaDO 
Staff Writer 

From a tiny snack bar occupying 
only half of an old quansut hut, UC 
San Diego's Coffee Hut has grown 
into a three-building complex, 
fondly and faithfully patronized by 
many professors, administrators 
and students. 

After five years of expansion and 
change under the direction and 
planning of Holly Holmes, the 
Hut's manager, the Coffee Hut has 
gained a reputation as the place on 
campus to go for non-institutional 
food and pleasant atmosphere. 

Holmes, who is also manager of 
Winzer Commons at the Medical 
School and the Scripps lunchroom, 
says he has tried to make the Hut a 
place people will go for both food 
and atmosphere. 

The Hut is located below the 
Revelle Provost's office. While it 
once was near the center of the 
campus, the campus has expanded 
away from the Hut and left it 
tucked away in a corner. 

Best Food on Campus 
Nevertheless, the business of the 

Hut has continued to increase. 
Business increased 46 percent last 
year, according to Holmes. And in 
a recent survey, he coUacted the 
signatures of 1750 people who felt 
the Hut offers the best food on 
campus. 

Over $75,000 worth of capital 
improvements-all taken from the 
Hut's revenue-have been added to 
the complex in the last five years. 
A dining room was added, as well 
as a patio dining area, a $22,000 
storehouse and the "Bull and 
Boar" delicatessen section. 

From a meager offering of about 
four main items at the beginning, 
the menu of the Hut has grown to 
over 25 sandwiches, including 
"Goodman's Delight" and the 
" York Special," named after 
professors who have patronized 
and supported the Hut through the 
years. 

The improvement of the Hut's 
physical facilities has become a 
community project among some of 
the school's administrators, most 
of whom have grown accustomed 
to its humble, quaint abnosphere 
over the years. 

Vice-chancellor and Dean of 
Student Affairs George Murphy, 
with the aid of a student, con-
structed a circular stone planter in 
the patio. Vice-chancellor of 
Academic Affairs Paul Salbnan 
and Alan Blackstock, business 
manager of Revelle, have also 
done weekend construction at the 
Hut. 

Holmes says he serves about 1100 
people a day. He anticipates gross 
r venue of $200,000 this year. 

He says that the Hut is the only 
elf-supporting food service 

operation on campus. 

Free! 
Free Valentine's Day per-

sonals! 
Big deal. Well, it's aU we can 

offer. 
If you've got a hundred or so 

words of love and affection (other 
I emotions are welcome, of course, 
but not pref~rred), get them to 
the office by 4 pm We<hlesday 
Io' b.11. ' 
F They'll appear, for aU to see, 

eb. 13. 
'-

UCSD Expected to Get 
Ten-Year Accreditation 

by Ran Anbar 
Staff Writer 

It is a very safe bet that UC San 
Diego will receive a full ten-year 
accreditation by the Western 
Associa tion of Schools and Colleges 
after the visit of their accreditation 

BSU Sponsors 
African History 
Week 

by Brian Davis 
Staff Writer 

The Black Students' Union has 
brought together some of the best 
speakers and talents of the local 
black community for this week's 
celebration of African History 
Week at UC San Diego. 

The celebratior. is to be the 
largest in San Diego. 

The African-American Dance 
Troupe will lead off the scheduled 
e vents with a performance at noon 
today on the gym steps. 

Students feverishly squander the family Inherltanca at 
Monte Cerlo Night. Notorious gemes of chance such as 
roulette and poker were held1n the Main Gym Saturday 
night In a fete sponsored ~y the Recreational Athletics 
Dept. 

Tuesday's African-American 
Community Night will feature 
members of local black com-
munity groups and will be 
preceded by informal daytime 
meetings between the groups and 
s tudents . Included will be 
representatives of Neighborhood 
House, the Black Federation and 
the halfway house Hararnbi. 

"Discover Yourselves 
in Each Other" ~-Millett An Evening of Black Arts will be 

presented Wednesday, beginning 
at 8 pm. Frank Jenkins' poetry .and 
dance by the Stuby Millsap Dance 
Theatre will be featured. Tickets 
can be purchased at the Box Office. 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

" There's beginning to be a build 
up of women writers who are ex-
pressing themselves and feeling 
the euphoria of discovering 
themselves in each othel·. They're 
finding their own sense of 
humanity," said Kate Millett, 

Feminist Author Kate 
Millett wes at the Muir 
Cafeteria Friday night to 
talk about the role of 
women in literature. 

feminist and writer, in a lecture of 
women in writing last Friday night 
at the Muir cafeteria. 

. In a two-hour session, Millett 
discussed - the " heartening 
breakthrough" that women writers 
have made in the past few years 
and the inner and outer obstacles 
to writing that women encounter. 
Millett the author of Sexual 
PollUca, a major feminist work, 
also read a selection from her just 
completed novel, Slta. 

Though women are beginning to 
write and be published in In-
cr asing nwnbers, many of the 
obstacles that have kept women 
away from literature in the past 
still exl t, Millet aid . The outer 
obstacles include: the portrayal of 
women in literature and 
dis rimination against women 

writers by reviewers and 
publishers. 

Humiliating Portayals 
Millet said that people's self-

images are shaped to a large ex-
tent by literature, and that 
literature has traditionally given 
women secondary roles or por-
trayed them humiliatingly as 
ethereal creatures or sex objects. 

Millett complained that there is 
no " viable, in-between pieture of 
women given in literature and it 
makes us schizy as hell." 

Historically , Millett said, women 
have been discoura ged from 
reading and writing until com-
paratively recent times. She noted 
that women were not allowed to be 
taught to r ead until the 
Renaissance. Female writers stich 
as the Bronte sisters, she said, 
wrote under men 's names because 
it was almost impossible for 
women writers to be published. 

Though the advent of women's 
publishing houses has improved 
conditions; women still have 
difficulty getting published today 
Millett said, because literary 
cliques dedicated to the staus quo, 

Continued on Page 5 

Future of the Black Struggle 
. Black cultural events will con-
tinue on Thursday at 8 pm with 
Altneta Speaks' sin?ing, featUring 
Preston Coleman on bass and 
poetry by James Avery. Speaks, 
who has won international acclaim 
for her voice, is currently a student 
at Third College. Her free concert 
is to be followed by Ron Ksrenga of 
the NEI cultural organization, who 
will conduct a discussion on the 
history and future of the black 
struggle. 

The African-American's Role in 
World Struggle will be discussed 
the following evening from 6 pm to 
10 pm in CR 107, Third College. 

. This, too, is a free event open to the 
pUblic. The UCSD Gospel Choir 
will give a free concert on Friday 
night at 8 pm in the Mandeville 
auditorium. 

The highlight of the week begins 
at 1 pm Saturday with the com-
mencement of the African feast Ilt 
the Third College cafeteria. The 

Continued on Page f 

Rypinski to Step ~wn as 
Del Mar Mayor During Race 

Del Mar Mayor Richard Rypinski will step down as mayor while he 
seeks a new council term in the March 2 election. 

Rypinskl, who announced his decision at la t week 's City Council 
meeting, nominated Councilwoman Nancy Hoover to fill the vacancy, 
effective Feb. 17. Hoover is currently Deputy Mayor. 

In explanation, Rypin ki said it would be unfair to other council 
members if he ran while mayor. 

Del Mar's five council members annually sel ct that city's mayor from 
It membership. 

Hoover is th only council member assured of staying in office after 
March 2, as members Tom Pearson and Tom Shepard ar retiring from 
office and John Weare is facing a recall in the election. 

Rypinski Is eeklng 8 third four-year term on the Del Mar council. 

team in April, according to Acting 
D an of Graduate Students Manuel 
Rotenburg. . 

In preparation for the ac-
creditation (lrocess, Chancellor 
McElroy last year appointed a 
committee under Rotenberg's 
direction. The committee has 
completed its report and will 
submit it to the visiting team. 

Wayne Gray , executiv e 
secretary of the steering com-
mittee, has set up an arrangement 
task group composed of UCSD 
faculty and staff who have par-
ticipated in accreditation reviews 
at other institutions. 

" Three days is a very short time 
to evaluate a campus as complex 
as UCSD and every effort must be 
made in such matters as housing, 
transportation, clerical assistance 

Wayne Gray prepares for 
upcoming visit by 
accreditetion committee 
in April . 
and other services to preserve the 
team's precious time," Gray said . 

Special Emphasis 
" The availability of key per-

sonnel is necessary so that the 
team will not waste time locating a 
particular department chairman 
or in obtaining clerical assistan-
ce," said Gray. 

UCSD is putting a special em-
phasis on seeing that the self-stUdy 
report and the visit will be done 
well, according toGray. 

The last accreditation process 
(in 1973) was taken lightly by 
UCSD because of arrangements 
with the visiting team's<hairman, 
who resigned three days before th 
vi it, according to McElroy. 

As a result, UCSD received only 
a two-year accreditation. 

The Executive Director of 
W ASC, Kay J . Anderson, has 
advised that the procedures for the . 
visit are entirely up to the team. 

Th accreditation process which 
U D will undergo, known as 
r 110na1 voluntary accreditation, 
is unique to th Unit d States. 

ordi'lg to Gray, other countrie 
have g.>v rnm nt agencie per-
forming hi fun tion. 

Li log Up to its 
Prom! 

Thf" rot if""" m!" ,. of , ill 
cover d b thi accreditation, 

with th e c ption of th chool of 
M di in which I ccre<iitt'd by 
the A oelation of m rica" 
Mcdi al oil ' . 
. Rot nb rg e plain d that th 
a re<iitation proce i lik a 

ntinued OD Pale 3 



..... 

J 

r rI ••••• 1 nil'S, 
UCSUDleao 
Jo .. H. Taylor 
Edltor-lD-dUef 

Mal'k WeeDIer Jama G. Soto 
Meal"",,,, CI*y:ediw 

Man Stadler ADDeUe"er 
News editor CGpyeditor 

Craig Uchida KeuleNlcoU 
Opinion Editor • BUIleell Meager 

Sara J. LoweD Daalel Shawler 
CommllJlity Editor · Arts editor 

DaveEilell WeudyEagle 
Spona editor Office maaager 

Nathan Meyen 
Photo editor 

The Jriton Time is recognized as the official student newspaper by 
the Communications Boord of UCSO. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of the majority of the editorial board (above), and not the 
views of the University, the Communications Boord or the student 
bOtly . 

Strong Performances 
Alice Cbildress' powerful "Wedding Band" closed last night at the 

UCSD Theatre. 
The Triton Times thanks director Floyd Gaffney, ole production staff 

and the cast for giving the community one of the most stirring produc-
tions UCSD dramatists have offered in recent years. Additionally, we 
want to mention several Individuals Involved with "Wedding Band" who 
were excluded in ourreview Feb. 4. 

Ralph Joyce as Herman, the white baker who was Julia Augustine's 
lover, gave one of the most sensitive and mature performances we have 
seen in the UCSD Theatre. His characterization glowed with the hope and 
strength the audience felt as it watched a drama unfold in a time when a 
white and a black could not love each other without becoming outcasts. 

As the bellman, Gerry Edwards personHied all the economic prejudice 
and exploitation that blighted the love hetween Julia and Herman. He 
danced for the children, and threatened their parents witb bills for the 
trinkets with whicb he had seduced them. He dangled all the trappings of 
white affluence - silk stockings, hair ribbons, expensive linen - before 
tbe eyes of poor black women. He was the sly opportunist. 

The versatile, realistic set was designed by Jody Ann Cattell, the 
costumes by Dianna J. Holly, 

Getting it Straight 
A further note concerning James G. Solo, city cdilor, cOliservalive and 

recent recipient of a "welcome to the fold " letter fr.om the Socialist 
Workers p~ rty: 

A staffer from the Young Socialists Alliance - the youth arm of the 
SWP - sai.~ she wanled us to iuelicatc th3t the SWP does not send such 
leIters to n wspapers or other press contacts. She said Soto received the 
letter as a 'esalt, probably of some joker sending in a SWP il-interested-
mail-this-ir card with Solo's name. 

So indica,ed. 

The Trlto' Times Is recognized by the Communlcallons Board of UCSD as the official 
sludent newspope<. Publication is on Monday' , Wednesdays ""d Fridays during tho 
regular school year (excepl on olflcial hOlidays) Edllorlal and business offices arB 
located In t 17 Blake Hall on the Revelle Collage campus , Unlvers,ly of Californ'a. San 
Otego 

lellers 10 lhe Editor and opln,on columns are welCOmed All subm,sslons should be 
typed on a 74-spsce iJne on nonerasable paper They should nol exceed three pages In 
length double spaced The Trllon Times reserves lhe rlghl to edll submissions because 
01 space iJmllahons or slyle reqUIrements 

For ed"o".I . call 452-3466 for bUSiness and display advertisemenls. c II 452-3466. 
Enl". conlenls COPYrlghl t976 . Tnlon TImes . 

.n.c .. _I_ Februry I,n 
Letters to the Editor 

The Dynamics of Scheduling 
I read with considerable 

disappointment the article en-
titled, "Alas, the Scheduling 
Shuffle~' (IT, Jan. 23). Primarily, 
I am disappointed that the author, 
a gradullte student, would write an 
article that so clearly displays a 
lack of knowledge of the class 
scheduling and registration 
process at UCSD. This is not 
particularly surprising since at no 
time was this discussed with 
anyone in the registration and 

. scheduling sections of the 
registrar's office. 
. Such statements as "con-
siderable evidence," "in-
numerable examples," "there are 
instances, by no means un-
common" and "there are many" 
are meaningless without specific 
details. Such general terms tend to 
be used when specifics cannot be 
found. These generalizations 
hardly support the claim of an 
" investigation ... 

fall quarter. Other steps have been 
taken recently to reduce the lines, 
such as additional cashier windows 
and batch payment for financial 
aid recipients. 

If we were as canous as 
suggested in the article, we could 
require fee payment three to four 
weeks prior to the beginning of 
instruction, such as several other 
UC campuses do. This would 
certainly eliminate the cashier's 
lines. No other UC campus has a 
fee deadline date as late as ours, 
simply because we feel that 
students should not be in-
convenienced for the sake of ad-
ministrative ease. 

The author is critical of the 
" practice of selling ... the General 
Catalog, or sometimes even the 
Schedule of Classes," despite a 
"hefty registration fee."1Iis in-
vestigation apparently failed to 
uncover the fact that not one cent 
of the registration fee is allocated 
to the registrar's office which is 
responsible for publishing the 
Schedule of Classes and that the 

entire budget of both the registrar 
and admissions office is allocated 
from state funds. No moneys are 
included in this budget for 
publications such as the Schedule. 
The l!).cent charge for the Schedule 
of Classes does not cover the 
printing costs and the balance is 
paid from the registrar's operating 
budget. In addition, the author 
appears unfamiliar with the fact 
that selling the General Catalog is 
a common practice at almost 
every college and university in the 
country. 

U we "bureaucrats" considered 
studcnts "little more than num-
bers," we would not hesitate to 
save the more than one-third 
(approximately $20,000) of our 
opcrating budget currently spent 
for postage, by requiring students 
to stand in line to pick up quarterly 
registration packets, grade 
rePorts, study lists, etc. Neither 
would we hesitate to implement a 
gymnasium type of registration 

Continued OD Page 5 

I take strong e~ception to the 
allegation that "innumerable 
cxa mples of institutional 
callousness toward students and 
their rights are found in the area of 
registration and class scheduling. II On Bicycle Responsibi lity 
It is evident that the author is 

unaware of the most common type 
of registration system utilized by 
more than 90 percent of the 
colleges and universities in the 
country, namely, the "a rena" or 
"gYll1nasium" sys tem where 
students spend entire days stand-
ing in lines to register for cla sses. 

This type of registration system 
is by far the easiest and most 
inex pensive method for 
registration from a registrar's 
point of view . Our mail 
registration system was im-
pI mented shortly after my arrival 
on campus more than seven years 
ago and was designed specifically 
fur the student, and, hopefully, 
avoids just those charges of 
"callousness," and " insensitivity" 
that the author so readily alleges. 

Granted, there are " long but 
unnecessary lines at the cashier's 
office. " Students do have the 
option of paying registration fees 
hy mail and more than 3500 of the 
9200 registered students did so in 

1 appla ud the efforts of the Triton 
Times editorial board and Robert 
Kilpatrick to point 'out various 
ways for bicyclists to make the 
walkways at UCSD safer for both 
bikers and pedestrians. However, 
it is senseless to expect most bike 
riders on campus to exercise 
common courtesy on the sidewalks 
when they do not even obey traffic 
laws as they ride on campus roads 
and nearby thoroughfares. 

I ride my bicycle to school each 
day, traveling north on Gilman Dr. 
to the service entrance behind 
Bonner Hall and the Craft Center. 
Almost every other bicyclist I see 
rides through the stop signs a t the 
intersections of Via Alicante-
Gilman or Villa La Jolla-Gilman, 
even though drivers usually 
consider the stretch of Gilman 
which passes by La Jolla Village to 
be an extension orI-S. 

When I go home in the afternoon, 
someone is bound to pass me on the 
service road and zip onto Gilman 
with hardly a glance at oncoming 

The Issue is Better Learning 
We were greatly distressed by 

Avrum Stroll's myopic proposals 
to improve thc quality of education 
at UCSD ITT, Jan . 23). 

His suggestion that the faculty 
might be able to ease the burden of 
TA work loads shows clearly that 
tht' a(lministration's only concern 
is not whether to exploit, but rather 
whom to exploit. 

While we resent this attempt to 
fomc nt dissension among various 
s('('tors of the UC labor force (i.e. 
professors and graduate em-
ployecs), it provides us with the 
orportunity to stress once again 
that th GSU is working toward 
IH'ltcr working and learning 

('onditions for all. We refuse to 
acccp t any solution of our 
gl'icvances which would have a 
deleterious effect on our fellow 
stud nls and employees. 

Stroll's implication that some of 
the fa('ulty is not already working 
to capacity is of dubious merit. U it 
were tl:UC, it would rcquire im-
mediate rectification. But let it be 
d ar that the GSU docs not intend 
to remain silent while already 
ovcrworked faculty are made to 
ahsorbthe TA overload. 

Sincc it<; inception, thc GSU has 
r eccived public support from the 
faculty for its four demands (d. 

traffic, completely ignoring the 
stop sign there. (The latest of-
fender was a full professor of 
mathematics, so students are not 
the only irrespon~ible riders). As I 
proceed down Gilman at twilight, a 
dark shadow will often pass me 
and move into one of the left-turn 
lanes for La Jolla Village. The 
other bike has no reflectors or 
headlights to alert anyone of his 
presence. 

The same disregard for traffic 
laws is apparent on campus as 
well, especially on Matthews 
Campus. Riders pay no attention 
to signs at the north end of Hut-
chison Dr., where a short extension 
intersects Miramar Rd., opposite 
the Student Health Center. The 
school is partly to blfllTle here, 
since the signs are nearly hidden 
behind landscaping. There is no 
excuse for going through the fOur-
way stop signs at Miramar Rd. and 
Myers Dr., not fifty feet from the 
campus police station. Responses 
to my occasional shouts of "Nice 
stop!" have ranged from "Shut 
up!" to "What stop?" to a raised 
finger, or to no response at all. To 
compound the problem, campus 
police cannot or will not enforce 
the appropriate traffic laws. 

It is this scofflaw attitude which 
prompts angry motorists to write 
..... Why don't you tell your readers 
to keep their toys on the 
playground wllere tbey belong?" 
("Dr. Bicycle" column, San Diego 
Union, Feb. 1) and encourages 
legislators to pass laws in several 
sta tes restricting bicycle usage to 
off-street bike paths where one is 
available. Bicycles are vehicles, 
not toys. If we bicyclists continue 
to treat traffic and safety 
regulations as though they applied 
only to automobiles, then those 
who consider bicycles as sidewalk 
playthings will be justified. 

Even strict adherence to traffic 
and safety laws is not always 
sufficient. I found this out in Nov. 
1974 , wh«:n I hit a pothole on 
Gilman at dusk and fell-reflectors, 
beadlight and all-in the dirt. I was 
lucky to escape with cuts and 
abrasions on my face, hand and 
knee. After the incident, I realized· 
what the 'IT and Kilpatrick have 
implied, that bike riders must be 
aware of situations which may 
cause injury to themselves and 

·others. We must act responsibly 
wherever we ride and obey the 
rules of the road and of common 
courtesy. Most relatively serious 
bicyclists are safety-conscious and 
law-abiding. But tbe actions of ~ 
few irresponsible riders can spoil 
the unique experience of bicycling 
for the rest of us . 

SALLY IEVENS 
GRADUATESTIJDENT 

DEPARTMENT OF 
UNGUISTICS 

FeblUrY I, 1171 • rlroll rl OM'S Pagel 

'1 

Brown-Dogging 
Copping an Interview Of a Governor with a Mind of His CAvn 

i~ •• : . ·. 
Chris Bowman 

Staff Writer 
SACRAMENTO-HI don 't want to 

talk about how you sleep on the 
floor, what funny things you eat or 
Zen Buddhism" i the repOrter told 
Gov. Brown, determined to limit 
his interview to the subject of the 
management and structure of 
California state government. 

He failed. 
Brown's aru.wers -roamed into 

the philosophical rather than the 
political, and the conversation soon 
centered on such ca tch phrases as 
" unbridled materialism , II 
"ex istential experience" and 
"human energy." 

" It 's impossible to control an 
interview with him," said San Jose 
Mercury capitol correspondent 
Bob Sclunidt. 

The Brown administ ration 
presents a new challenge for 
Sclunidt and the 80 other reporters 
here who cover state ,goverrunent. 

Associated Press bureau chief 
Doug Willis said, Hyou have to be 
prcpared to deal in terms of a morc 
abstract thinking and hope' he 
(Brown) will translate this into 
specifics. " 

He Wants a Dialogue 
Experience has t<lught Willis and 

other reporters to enter an in-
terview with a prepared list of 
questions. But this journalistic 
practice breaks down with the 37-
year-old Democrat. 

"He doesn't respond well to the 
traditional question-answer role," 
Willis said, " He wants a dialogue." 

Brown is sometimes critical of 
reporter's questions and will 
respond with another : " What kind 
of question is that?" "Could you 
rephrase your question?" " What 
do you think?" 

Willis, a hard-working political 
writer who has had the most 
success at button-holing ' Brown 
here, has obtained four interviews. 
One began as a conversation in 
Capitol Park, another took place on 
a 9OO-milc trip to the Sierras and 
back, one was a late night meeting 
in Brown's office and the fo urth 
was conducted in an auto en route 
to an airport. 

Willis says it is usually im-
possible to determine in advance 
where the gove rnor can be found. 
For reporters who cannot wait 
wceks for an appointment with 
Brown, Willis suggests staking the 
governor's apartment across thc 
street from the Capitol or one of his 
favorite restaurants or bars. " You 
just have to wait and hope he' ll 
show up," Willis said. 

For broadcast journalists in 
particular, it is harder to cover 
Brown than former Gov. Ronald 
Reagan, because the present 
administration is relatively un-
structured. 

Free-Form 
Reagan used to meet regularly 

with the press, and his press office 
distributed weekly schedules of 
public events and was alert to the 
public relations va lue of "media 
cvents" - dramticizing what might 
otherwise suffice as a news release 
so TV stations would be led to 

events that provided good film for 
the evening news. 

The first yea r of Brown's regime 
has been, in contrast, free-fonn in 
nature. " He likes to be un-
fcttered," said press secretary Bill 
Stall in a recent interview with the 
California Journal magazine. 

There are no regularly scheduled 
meetings with the press; Brown 
has had few TV interviews, while 
Rea gan routinely programmed 
them into his workweek. 

Ritualistic Encounters 
At a recent luncheon with the 

Capitol press corps, Brown ex-
plained why be abandoned the 
programmed press conferences. " I 
found the regularity of these 
ritualistic encounters tended to 
result not in a lot of information. 
And I'm trying to find new ways of 
allowing people to learn what I 
have to say." 

He added, "What I've tried to do 
is keep thc administration as open 
as possible and to be availa ble to 
anyone who really has wanted 
Ine ,1t 

Stall says Brown feels he has 
been very accessible "in tenns of 
the reporter's ability to cover him 
in action as.a governor working on 
specific problems." 

(According to Stall's office, 
Brown held 19 press conferences 
and 93 .. news availabilities" 
following public appearances last 
year in California.) 

" Brown may be open, but only on 
his own terms," Willis said, 
pointing to his late-t~bed, late-t~ 
rise work schedule. 

Incleed, some of Brown 's 
significant actions have taken 
place in the dead of night. Willis 
reca lis that he was, by chance, the 
on Iy reporter present at the 
dramatic midnight meeting in the 
gove rnor 's o££ice last spring when 
tlrown reached agreement with 
legislative and labor forces on his 
landmark farm-labor law. 

Late at Night 
Also last year, reporters and 

cam ramen were disturbed that 
former Assembly Speaker Bob 
Moretti was sworn into the State 
F.nergy Commission late at night 
without any notice. 

Wh n reporters asked Brown 
why this was done, he responded in 
a hiting tone, " Do you want bells? 
Buglcs? You know where he 
(Morctti ) lives. You can gooutand 
~et a picture of him." 

Willis said that while with 
Reagan "cverybody got to see the 
governor," a reporter would have 
a story with the same elements as 
evel'y other reporter. 

" Brown has really put (news) 
competition back intl' the gover-
nor's office," Willis said. " If you 
Put in the time and dfort and pick 
a subject that spark's his interest, 
hc might invite you into his office 
anrl discuss it for hours-so much so 
that you get tired of him." 

But for reporters who do not put 
in Willis' time and effort to catch 
Brown on the run , the scheduled 
press conferences and picture-
taking ceremonies are sorely 
missed. 

Accreditation 
"Consumer Protection Agency" 
whit'h decides if the university is I 
living up to iL~ promises regarding 

it~ ,Icadcmic standards and other 

:Jew!! Who Are You?--"""'I 

raci ltics. . 
AcCl' ditation is necessary if 

UCSD is to continue receiving 
r"dl'ral funds . Another reason is 
lh;l t if the universi ty did not 
rl" 'e ive acc reditation un -
II '('graduates would not be'eligible 
fur lJ1ilny graduate schooL~ sa id (;ray. ' 

Although the entire campus 
could be accredited, the Com-
'nission may requirc a separate 
I'I 'POIt from any particular area. 
1-''' 1' 'x,nllple, " It may s ingle out 
tlll' library , reqllesting that a 
I'l'p()rl he suiJllIittCl1 the fo llowing 
.' ( ' , I!' showing ('on'cdi ve action" 
saiel Gra\,. ' 

lI e ad;led that in onl I' to pin-
Ikli llt potential problem ar as and 
10 infortrl the l',mlJ)US of the ae-
''I'l'dilation proc.'ess , meetings a rc 
Ik' ing s(' hedukcl throughout th 
' ·'II I,1 Jlll S. 

.Amnesly In ternallonal : human 
lights for polltlcol prosonors A 
dlsploy at Clusler Und rgroduate 
library Ev ryday thiS week . 

Waht to find out -and enjoy at the 
same time. CHABAD is proud to announce 
weekly classes at UCSD 
For more info. call 286·4747 

see your CHABAD Rabbi 
Wednesdays at Revelle Plaza, 

6115 Montezuma Rd. S. D. 

Ski Sale 
Year End Clearance ale 

equipment 
..•....••••.......•.......... 

SURFBOARDS 
ncinitas 

ngl Backpacking, Tennis 

"A valuable aid 
to probing deeper 
into the mystique 
of Castaneda and 

his work." 
-Los Angeles Times 

"Critical essays . .. explicate the 
major themes in Castaneda's tetral-
ogy .... A penetrating analysis of 
the thoughts of Don Juan, and the 
ramifications on established ph ilo-
sophic, scientifiC, and theological 
systems."-Library Journal 

SEEING 
CASTANEDA 

REACTIONS TO TH~ " OON JUAN" 
WRITINGS OF CARLOS CASTANEDA 

Edited by DANIEL NOEL 



.... ' • rI ••• ' •• III('S Febnary -,lt7I 
'Aid to Ar1t Restorgtion Politics: James G. So to 

NewlLaser Use Topic of Asmus Lecture Mixed Vegetables 
The weekend started calmly enough. Citizen Kane's grandaughter was 

on the evening news hogging the lion 's share of air time with some film 
clips of her latest s ilent movie, " The Bank Robbery." In fact, Tanya 
Kane pushed the impending Oklahoma democratic caucus off the news 
until Sunday, and even the constant aggravations in the Holy Land were 
relegated to the never-never land of public television. 

by " ip Isaac: 
Sta Writer 

Art restoration through laser 
technology was the subject of a 
lecture by John Asmus, an 
associate professor at the UC San 
Diego Institute for Pure and 
Applied Physical Sciences 
Thursday evening at Revelle 
College. 

Asmus, one of the pioneers in the 
application of laser usage to the 
restoration and identification of art 
works, is a founding member of the 
Art/Science Studies program at 
UCSD. 

The use of the laser is a new 
development in the arts according 
to Asmus. By shooting localized 
mild pulses of laser energy to boil-
off the crust of accumulated 
deposits, priceless pieces can be 
saved. 

In his talk, Asmus indicated that 
the laser is a very gentle device 
that could be implemented to John Asmus 

delicate and precise work. The 
method is used on statues, paint-
ings and books. Asmus said he 
also discovered how the laser can 
also be used on textiles. 

Virtually the entire field of art is 
open to the laser. 

Problem Spots 

In addition to cleaning and 
restoration work , Asmus uses the 
laser to identify potential problem 
spots in art works. 

Using the Hologram, a three 
dimensional picture made without 
the use of a camera, various areas 
of a work can be scanned for inner 
damage . 

The location of trouble spots 
enable art restorers to concentrate 
their work on definite areas of a 
work of art, saving hours of tedious 
and difficult labor. 

The UC San Diego Alumni and 
Friends sponsored the Asmus 
presentation. 

With the playful antics of the SLA splashed over the screen, the net-
works decided to make the politica 1 coverage a bit lightweight. The 
moguls at ABC and that venerable institution, Harry Reasoner, treated 
the captive audience to a story on the age of Ronald Rea gan. Reagan, who 
was 65 on Friday, was portrayed as the youthful and exuberant candidate 
in sharp contrast to the reality of the gippers age, which as ABC and 
Reasoner reminded us , exceeds that of any candidate, announced or 
otherwise. 

Unless Reagan dies of old age before the primaries begin, ABC warned, 
the old time[.,WiII not be harmed at the polls by his age. If the rather 
meaningless point about someone's age cannot be attacked, then he must 
be attacked for some other reason. 

Their AmeriCllJlism 
Most politicians will choose to attack Reagan's programs - which is 

after all what a person should be attacked for - but some still insist 
raising doubts about their own sanity and moderaion by bringing up 
absurd points about an opponent 's " true" beliefs, their Americanism, or 
their occupation. 

Now Morris Udall brought further discreditation to himself for a 
particularly harsh attack on Reagan, but more about that later. 

'Fourth College Sex Symposium Ends 
With Discussion of Birth Control 

Other commentators have thought it ridiculous that Reagan., used to be 
a B movie actor. Des pite the fact that Reagan was governor of California 
for eight years and a union official before that, we are to doubt his 
ca pacity to govern because he used to work for Warner Bros. 

So what if Reagan was an actor. One might think it absurd that most 
American legislators are lawyers. Are not lawyers, after all, actors in 
their own way? How many times does F . Lee Bailey turn in a masterful 
performance that frees his client from the inferno of the American 
penitentiary system? With the current state of government, one might 
argue of the great utility of having a B movie actor in the White House. 
After all, isn't Washington D.C. like that bad movie you sat through last 

by Michele Baw 
Staff Writer 

research has been done to insure 
their safety or effectiveness. 

The DES, or "mqrning after 
Recent developments in birth pill," is employed for use as a birth 

control-for today and the future- control method by several private 
'highlighted the sixth and final doctors according to Goldfinch. 
meeting of the Fourth College This 'drug, however, has been 
Sexual Symposium last Tuesday thought to cause cervical cancer in 
evening. the female offspring of mothers 

Judith Goldfinch, director of the who have used it to prevent 
UC San Diego Birth Control Clinic, miscarriages. 
discussed possible methods of Along with a film, " Hope is not a 
contraception for the future , She Method," much of the evening's 
said that there are currently discussion centered around 
several "wonder drugs" available current means of contraception. 
for use but that not enough Goldfinch said that the estrogen-! .................................. \ 
!~ "The Collection" ! 
: 5 Dynamite Surf and Skateboard Films : 
: for only $200 : 
: 1. A Writer 's Tale Thursday , Feb . 12 Ocean Beach : 
... 2. The Last Ride CoIlrerJR High SPM .. 

~ 3 Th Gh Pactlle Beach 
.... . e etta Saturday, Feb. 14 .. ~ Jr High SPM oM *' 4 . November Clairmont "?' 
: 5 . Sea Daze Sunday . Feb . 15 Madison High S PM : 

~**********************************: 

2ttimes 
a day. 

... _---_ .. -. 

CAMP KOMAROFF 
Jewish Resident 

tamp in Lake Arrowhead 
Interviewin~ at San Die~o State 

(01- counselors, specialists, super.visors. 

kitchen & maintenance. 
TUES Feb 10 

W"~D Feb 11 
9am - 12 noon 

lpm - 5 pm 

• It t •• •••••• • I t . .......... . , . 

CALL: 286-6951 

progesterone hormone durg, or the 
" pill", has proven to be the most 
effective. 

Better than Nothing 

Other methods include the intra-
uterine device (IUD ), con-
traceptive foam, the diaphragm 
and the condom. These particular 
methods vary in their ef-
fectiveness. The rhythm method 
was said to be " better than 
nothing. " 

Goldfinch said 65 percent of 
young women have sexual 
relations during their college 
years. The type of contraception a 
woman uses depends upon the 
frequency of sexual relations. 

The pill Goldfinch said, is the 
most popular method because of its 
effectiveness. Though there are 
risks in using the pill, the death 
rate from using it is one eighth the 
rate of deaths resulting from 
pregnancy. 

Goldfinch stressed that the 
female body is most fertile during 
the college years. Young women 
should not underestimate the risks 
of becoming pregnant. 

She feels that 85 percent of the 
women not using any type of 
contraceptive method will become 
pregnant within a year. 

night? Udall's Future 
Despite the early date, it appears as if one Democratic candidate is 

about to bite the dust. Rep. Morris Udall (D-Ariz. ) was the fjrstcandidate 
to declare his intentions. Back in Nov. 1974, Udall rose a few eyebrows 
with his statement of candidacy only two weeks after the demise of the 
1974 Congressional elections. Udall has been a tireless, if somewhat 
unimpressive, candidate. Recently, his campaign was the subject of a 
lengthy New Yorker article documenting the sort of misery presidential 
candidates must endure. 

However, the longevity of his campaign has not brought any substantial 
results. Though there haven't been any primaries yet , there have been 
caucuses in fo ur states. Even Sargent Shriver has done better than Udall 
in these states - one wonders if Udall has but the ghos t of a chance. His 
organization s~ould have worked the four caucus states over, but the 
results are not there. Over a year of campaigning has gone for nothing. 

The sad thing about Udall is that he has decided to sling a bit of mud ' 
around in order to salvage something for the time and money that has 
been invested in his campaign. Last week, Udall made the sort of vile 
personal attack that one might expect out of the United Nations. 

He tried to attack the motives of Ronald Reagan and George Wallace 
by calling them extremists whose traditions are not consistent with 
American politics. He all but labeled them fascists. 

Of course, this futile strategy was easily derailed by the remarks of 
Reagan, who while not speaking for Wallace, calmly chided Udall for not 
doing his homework and reminded him that California, at least, was able 
to weather the politics of Reaganism with no noticeable harm. 

Udall came off the fool in the whole affair and one wonders if such 
further outbreaks will seal his political coffin. If one will notice from our 
delega te projections, Udall shares the same position with Lloyd Bentsen, 
in that neither of them have any delegates. 

McGovern's Hope 
George McGovern's appearance at USD last Tuesday proved to at least 

a few that McGovern still is a political force in the Democratic party. On 
a few other occasions, he has warned candidates that he may enter the 
fray if certain stands are not taken. My own guess is that if he wanted to African History. . . he could easily attract 10-15 percent of the national Democratic party and 
thus his position may be that of a spoiler - not too unlike that of Wallace. 
With a little pushing, McGovern could be persuaded to become a can-four-hour dinner will be followed 

by a fund raising dance, also at the 
cafeteria , to ce lebrate Black Unity 
Day . Both events will be accented 
bv Afrkan and Afm·American art. 
Tickets may he [lurchased at the 
door . 

The week will conclude with a 
[lrog ram entitled African-
American History in Films. This 
fina l event begins at 6 pm in USB 
2722. 

didate once more. The Latest Tally 
As a periodic feature of this column, we will present our projections as 

to how many delegates each candidate may have for the national con-
ventions. Below is the current tally of the Democrats after caucuses in 
Iowa, Mississippi and Maine. Oklahoma held its caucuses on Saturday 
but the returns are s till too sketchy. These fi gures are still subject to 
change but they ft?f1 ect a certain trend. 

Carter ... 23; Wallace ... 11; Harris ... 6; Bayh .. . 6; Shriver ... 5; Jackson 
... 1; Uncommitted .. . 34 ; Unknown or undecided ... 6; Bentsen, Udall, 
Schapp and Byrd ... 0. 

,*~~~~~~~~~+~~~++~+++++~++~ .. +~~++ t ru.e. ~an :Dle.90, Campw. P'109'tO.m !i3oa'tJ p'tE.~e.nt!. : 
* 1'~e 'Prague Madrigal : 
* ! t SiIlgers i 
• with authentic Renaissance of costumes ~nd * instruments from the National Museum of Prague 
• Sunday Feb 1S- Spm 
• • 

Mandeville Auditorium 
St $2.50 CA $4.00 : 

• Tickets; UCSD BOX OFFICE Info; 452-4090 

.................................. 

Febnlary _. 1m 

Scheduling • • • 
system which could save another 
$15,000. 

The scheduling of classes and 
classroom assignment procedures 
are quite different from what. was 
indicated in the article. ,Bnefly, 
the process is as follows: 

1. Departments are requested to 
submit the listing of courses to be 
offered, omitting class room 
location, suggesting a preferred 
class time. 

2. Departments return the 
course listing to the registrar's 
office where classrooms and times 
are tentatively assigned. 

3. The academic advisors from 
each of the colleges meet, review 
and attempt to resolve conflicts in 
courses required in majors and 
general education requirements 
for each college. ' 

4. Revis ions to course listings 
are then made and the preliminary 
schedule is keypunched and listed 
for departmental review and 
approval. Any departmental 
changes are again reviewed before 
the Schedule is finalized and 
published. 

A conflict-free schedule is im-
possible to develop. However, 
every attempt is made to avoid 
conflicts in general education and 
major requirements, particularly 
in the lower division courses. [n 
spite of these attempts, we know 
that some conflicts still exist but 
never have we or the provosts 
hcard of students " who could not 
graduate in four years s imply 
because required classes or their 
prerequisites were repeatedly 
scheduled in conflic t with other 
classes in the program." 

There appears to be a con-
tradiction when the author alleges 
that 'privileged ' classrooms go 
permanently unused" and that the 
" major concern, in fact, is to 
maximize a magic 'classroom 
utilization: figure." I do not know 
how we can " maximize" 
classroom utilization by per-
mitting classrooms to "go per-
manently unused." 

There is a serious attempt to 
maximize our c lassroom 
utilization since the state of 
Ca lifornia has mandated 
utilization standards. Briefly, the 
state has set 8 am to 10 pm, 
.Monday through Friday, and 8 am 
to 12 noon , Saturday, as the weekly 
time frame. Classrooms must be 
adequately utilized (53 hours per 
week ) within these time periods to 
justify classroom space on a 
campus. However, if our sole 
purpose in assigning classrooms 
was to maximize the utilization 
rate, we would schedule many 
more late evening and Saturday 
CIlorning classes _without regard to 
students' convenience. While a 
" classroom utilization" figure 
may well appear to be a 
" meaningless statistic," the 
realities of the situation are indeed 

STUDENT 
-REGENT 

Applicallons are now being taken In Student 
OrganlzatiollS ollice 101 Ihe position 0' 
Student Regent. The person chosen wil 
become a memb", 01 the Board 0' Revenls . 

All currently enrolled . tudents, who wit 
attend a UC campus next Y.' I are encour9 
to apply. Time commllment and e.pertise I 
stateWide UnI.",.lly I....... l iloetin 
students will be a mojor crit.rion. Th .. 
issues Include, but ... not Umltod '0 , 
Iinancial aiel, IntlNetlonal ImptO .. menl 
studen t . .... Ie .. , .1II ..... tI.. .etlon 
tegislatlon and/or c......... rogulilion 
concerning .Iudenl rlghl • . 

Applic.llon deodll". I. Fob. 20. AppIIcenl 
will be • .,...,eeI by Iwo .... on.1 nomln.1 
Commllli on., compo.eeI 0' . n un 
dergr.duol, .nII groduollt.tudttnI cho ... 
C1l<:h ....... or 1 ..... 11 .. council. Stud.,1 
in terested In .. Mna on the .. c:omml •• 'oM 
Shou ld 1110 plct. up 1""lIcolion •• 1 51u'" 
Olganlutlolll Ollie. 2nd Floor No 
Sludent Cent.r. TII.d .... ln.lo. commlilio 
applica tions I. Feb. 8 . 

very rneaningful to the state 
legislature, and whether or not we 
like it, we have to deal with reality 
and the state Icgislature. 

The allegation that after the 
beginning of the quarter , 
professors "casually reschedule 
classes to accommodate their own 
whims,lazy work habits, or outside 
commitments," is another flagrant 
distortion and clearly shows how 
little the article was researched. 

During the winter quarter 
almost 2000 courses a nd sections 
were scheduled, excluding medical 
school courses, independent study, 
directed group study and courses 
listed TBA i the Schedule of 
Classes. Only 119 class schedule 
changes were made, the majority 
because of class enrollment size 
and none , according to our in-
formation, for the convenience of 
the faculty. 

Lastly, it was claimed that the 

present system " absorbs 
thousands of person-hours in tasks 
that need not be duplicat.ed each 
quarter or each yea r ." am not 
s ure who is devoting these hours to 
the scheduling process, but the 
r egistrar's s taff devoted ap· 
proximately 275 hours quarterly to 
the entire class scheduling, room 
assignment, Schedule of Classes 
pu blication function . Even if the 
a uthor's simple solution to the 
cntire process were feasible, this 
time could not be significantly 
reduced. 

I do not mean to imply by this 
lengthy rebuttal that we are 
content with the curre nt 
procedures for registration and 
class scheduling nor do we resent 
criticism or suggestions from 
students. We are aware of the 
many problems encountered by 
s tudents when classes are closed, 
cancelled or changed. Our sole 

Mr. Calculator is proud to announce the very first 
calculator trade-i n offer . Now, you can br ing in your 
old calculato r - any make, any model, any vintage 
(working or not) and we will give you a $25 .00 allow-
ance towards the purchase of a brand new Commo-
dore SR414BR scientific notation electronic calcula-
tor. 
Compare the 14 charact~r Commodore with 2 memo-
ries, exponent integer increase and decrease, polar 
rectangular conversion , and so much more to the 

Commodore SR4148R 
Regular 
Price 

Less: 

ohjective is to continually develop 
a registration system that is 
I' spons ive to students' needs in the 
most convenient and least 
traumatic manner . . 

RONALDJ. BOWKER 
REG ISTRAR AND ADMISSIONS 

OFFICER 

Millett ... 
('ontrol who get.~ puhlished in this 
country. 

Consequently, she sa id, they 
('olltrol who will be remembcred as 
a major literary figure . 

" You' re not Hamlet" 
The outer difficultics that women 

writers face lead to ilmer dif-
ficulti es because " women in-
ternalize literary myths that 
eventually become part of them." 
Many women, she explained, feel 
outside of literature because of the 
fc'w strong female characters in 
literature. 

Millctt described her 
dis illusionment with literature as a 

• 

PugeS 

tc'cnag r : " When I read Hamlet, I 
wanted to be Hamlet and make 
s[l('eches a bout .he human con-
dition . But they told me : 'you're 
not lIamlet, you're Ophelia.' " 

As a graduate student in English 
lih' rature fi t Columbia, Millett sa id 
she was never assigned to read the 
work of a femalc writer. She said 
she found an ignorance and 
hostility to female writers by her 
professors. 

Such inciden ts e roded her 
.'onfidenee as a writer and as a 
person. 

Women writers must lea rn to 
dC' fin e them selves, she said, 
hecause they have been defined by 
111m for so long. " Women writers 
havc an cnOlmous fear, because 
thcy have many inhibitions about 
thl'mselvcs," she said. When these 
<'ulturally adviccd inhihitions keep 
women away from literature, 
Millett saiel, "everyone suffers, 
he ('a use we don't learn about each 
other through literature." 

calculator you are now using . 
Or - even compare it to the $99.95 Hewletr-Packard 
H.P . 21 . At $79 .95 the Commodore SR4148R is a far 
more powerful machine and represents substantial 
savings. And with its speCial trade-i n allowance, you 
can own the SR4148R for just $54.95. Complete with 
recharger, case and manufacturer's full year warran-
ty. 
Never before has there been so much calculator for 
so small a price . 

,",lIIodort Sl41UI Wi. H·' 21 

--

_ ...... 

Fo"tu" .. ,. .. , 
I' .... ... ... 

~ ,,- II -(ip) ( ....... ) (sip) ( .... ) I (-10~1) (-I -!) 
........" bY' 4& 31 

Mr. Calculator 
Allowance 

loti< 
e..,....1 1tKr .... by 
e..,....1 IMmM b y 
Dnd_ 

Alg.tH." 
TEl 
TEl 
2 

IPII 
NO 
.0 
1 

YOU 
PAY 
ONLY 

..., _-.Iotioot 
Lot.. Itt. t'; ,.. 
' ... 1 ...... 
( ..... , ...... ) 
..... 1Wito ... G.tt 

~ ,-) ......... 
~ ( - ) ,., 
,...... 
.... ~.,........ 
.... , II 

m ItS 
TIl ItS 

YES TIS 
YES TIS 
YES TIS 
TEl ns 
res 110 
res 110 
res TIS 

Bring In your old calculator .• . wooden 
allde rule . . . or ewen an abecu., an,.· 
lime belore Marell 1, 1976. We'll ac· 
cept them all for the $25,00 trade·ln If 
you purcha.e the Commodore 
SA4148R. But, you mu.t act now. Thl. 
I. a limited lime offer. 

..,.1otI 
InoI " I. 
X' 
.......... 

T' 

~~ 
YES ru 
m 110 
YES 110 
m ru 
lIS ns 
YES ru 
m ns 
TIl m 

... f.odioo IIY' YES 110 

.....'Y 12 mo. 11 __ SALE ENDS MARCH 1 
e 14-chanKltr displa, with 10·digit mantissa, 2 digit expon.n, and • Automalic memory summation key 

negath, sips tar .. ch • Parenthesis and power keys 
• Radian / D'gr,e mod, 
• All trigonometric functions 

e Pola, / hctangula, coordinate k,ys 
eExpon,nt IIIt.gar inutas. and decr,ase k,ys 
e Two independent m'lftories 
el.ath,re", pouch indud,d-4'·ktys 

• Mean and standard dniation e Alg"brai( logic 
• All logarithmic fundions • I . year warranty 

BERKELEY 
25210"'.nl (Durlnt CIf ) 

(4U)_SaH 

SAN FRANCISCO 
J7 0...., It. (near Market) 

(411) H'-I143 

SAN JOSE 
M4T_IC_", 
'"'- (Oft Wtnch .... , 
_ 11_. Cr. IItvd) 

For physicists. chemists, engineers, social scientists, students: 48 keys - more than any other personal 
scientific calcu lator; 14 character scientific notation dispray .- no otner personal calculator has a 
large display at any price! Built-in reChargeable battery and AC adaptor I recharger 'neluded . 

OUR TRADE-IN SALE IS GOING ON NOW AT ALL STORES 

SAN 'DIEGO 
4639 College Ave Phone 714-583-8666 

in Home Federal College Center 

(_,_1711 

MILL VALLEY 
11Oh-., . 

Complete selection Texas Instruments, Commodore and other tuands at di!:caunt 
T_acOUMry~ 

(41') HI_' 



. . 

WHAT'S ON: 2/9-2/ :~5 
" 

Beginning with next week's WHA T'S ON, the deadline for all material ~iII 
be noon Thursday at the student center information desk. Please do not bring 
announcements to the Triton Times office -- it'l/just gum up the works. 

monday 
9 am - ;Job. - Airesearch Manufacturing Co. seeking Ba, Ms in Engineering (elec-

tronic, mechanical, design) for positions in transportation equ~pment and power con-
version industries, appointments are necessary. Career Planning and Placement, 412 
MC. . B' . . 9 am - Job. - American Hospital Supply seeking, BA MS, PHD In lOenglne~rmg or 
related for position in product design, also, any. major, degree for sales of lab eqwpment. 
Career Planning and Placement 412 MC. Appomtments are necessary. 

12 noon - Meeting - Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conferenee Room Student 
Center. 

12 noon - Speclal- African Studies Day, Gym Steps. 
2 pm _ Clime - Alcohol Clinic, for students concerned about the use and abuse of 

alcohol. H di d D' bled 3 pm _ MeeUng - Chancellors Advisory Committee On The an cappe, lsa 
Student Center. 

4 pm - Meeting -U.J .S. Student Organizations. 
5 pm - CliDic - Birth Control methods discussion Student Health Center. 
5:30 pm _ Meeting - Science Fiction And Fantasy Club, Lounge Conference Room 

Student Center. 
6:30 pm - Meeting - Student Co-op, North Conference Room Student Center, All 

Welcome! . 
7 pm - MeeUng - Christian Science Organization, Blake Conference R~m. 
7:30 pm - Meeting - Advanced Meeting For All Transcendental Meditators, Revelle 

Formal Lounge. 
8 pm _ MeeUng - Fourth College Program Board, Matthews Campus Rec. Center. 
9 pm - Movie - "Salt ofthe Earth". Muir Snack Bar. Free. 
8 pm - MeeUng -Israeli Dance Club, Gym Rec. 
8 pm _ Concert - Members of the U.C.S.D. Chamber Music .Progra~ coac~d by 

violinist Rafael Duran, are ready to delight audiences with the fruits of ~~Jr labor, In the 
Mandeville Recital Hall, including works of Beethoven, Poulenc, ROSSini, and Popper. 
Everyone welcome! 

tuesday 
9 am - Workshop - Studies Motivation Workshop, for students who feel unmotivated or 

unorganized or both about their studies, Revelle Counselors Office. 
11: 45 pm - Meeting - Christian Prayer Meeting, Coffee Hut. . 
12 noon - Meet your Muir Program Board. The Members of the .Mulr Program Board 

will be in the Muir Quad to meet and talk with members of the Mwr College Commuruty 
to find out your activity programming needs. Muir Quad. . 

12 :30 pm - Lunch - Lunch and informal discu~io~ with Paul Saltman.in the Revelle 
Side Door. Residents may enter through cafeteria , others through Side Door. All 
welcome! 

3 pm - Jazz - Jazz dance, Ruby Millsap 409 MC. $1.00 per Class. 
4:30 pm- Jazz -Jazz dance, Keith Harris, 409MC. $1.00 per Ciass. 
6 pm- Meeting -Fourth College Outing Club, Rec. Center M.C . 
6 pm - Special- African Community Night, H&SS 1330. . . . 
7 pm - Concert - The Atomic Cafe, of U.C.S.D. MUSIC Department, Will be a m~lI-

media marathon featuring 20 different continuous performances by as many artISts, 
from 7 pm to midnight in the Mandeville Recital Hall. Drop in any time. 

7 pm - Jazz - Dance Class-Technique, Katherine Dunham Gerone, West Balcony of 
Gym. $1.00 per class. 

7:30 pm - Yoga - Learn the Science of Mantra Yoga, Sponsored by Alpha-Omega 
Alliance. P and L 3515, Open to all! 

8 pm- Meeting -Surf Club, P and L 1117. 
8: 30 pm - Concert - Bill Steele, Folk Music , Side Door. 

wednesday 
12 :3j pm - Talk - Discussion on the role of the Triton Times, Revelle Community 

Cente .'. 
1 prl - Meeting · Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Confcrence Room, Student Center. 
1 pn - Workshop· Test Anxiety Workshop for students desiring to reduce test anxicty 

and bo.c ,C mcr~ ~ rr-live t st takcrs. Revelle Provost Office. 
2 pr ) - Meeting· Women's Swap Meet, informal get-together and idea exchange. Also 

at 7 p' n, Women's Center . 
2 pn - Group -Interpersonal Relations Group, 302 M.C., East Wing. 
2:311 pm - CHni' - Sex Clinic for students seeking information or counseling about . 
sexll~ I concerns, Rev lie Counselors Office. 

3 pm - M ting - Woman's Consciousness Raising Group. Lounge Conference Room 
Stud nt Center. 

3 pm - Meeting - R.C.C.A . Meeting, Revelle Provost OHice. 
3 pm - Meeting ' Disabled Student Union meting, Disabled Student Center (Next to 

the R velie Cafeteria) . All interestcd students invit d. 
4 pm - L cture - " White Dwarfs and X·ray Sources". Dr. P . A. Strittmatter, Hand L 

1205. . 
Announcem nt - Chabad is proud to announce weekly classes at U.C.S.D., for info. see 
yourChabad Rabbi Wednesday at Revelle Plaza. 

4 pm - Poetry - Two local Poets, Jeff Wienstein and Howard Cohen, Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 

4 pm - Meeting - Revelle Residence Hall Board Meeting, Blake Conference Room. 
4 pm - MeeUng - Feminist Coalition Meeting, Women's Center. 
4: 30 pm - Clinic - Ra p Session on Birth Control Methods, Student Hea!th Center. 
5 pm - Meeting -Fitness Club, Conference Room, North Balcony, Main Gym. 
6 pm - Meeting - OASIS, Game Conference Room, Student Center. 
6 pm - Meeting - S.A. T.C.H., Third College Lounge. 
6 pm - Meeting - " The Triton Wargaming Society," 902 Tioga Hall. . 
6 pm - Dinner - Fourth College Dinner Sponsored By Fourth College Outmg Club, for 

all involved with Outing Club, International Center. . . 
6:30 pm - Class in American Sign Language. Open to all members of the uD1verslty 

community as well as other interested persons. Disabled Student Center (Next to the 
Revelle Cafeteria). 

7 pm - Meeting -Sailing Team Rec. Gym Conference Room. 
7:30 pm - Meeting - Chinese Christian Fellowship Bible Study, Blake Conference 

Room. . F lLo 7: 30 pm - Meeting - Trident Christian Fellowship, Revelle orma unge. 
7:30 pm - Special- Black Arts and Culture, Mandeville Aud. 
8:30 pm - Music -Music at Muir 5 &; Dime, ~wer. Muir C~mmons. . 
8 pm - Dancing - Old-Time Country Dancmg, live musIc. No experience necessary, 

Conference Room Rec Gym. Free. 
9:00 pm - Concert - Noted roving fol~inger/so~gwriter Bill Steele will be ma~ing his 

only Muir College appearance on Wed. In the 5 &; Dime, Lower MUIr Commons. It s (ree. 
Don't miss him. 

thursday 
12 noon - Noon Concert - Sponsored by the Muir Program Board. Come hear "Wrath 

" weather permitting. Lower Muir Quad. Bring your lunch. 
12 noon · Singing - Seminar presented by Bill Brooks in Sacred Harp singing, B210 

Mandeville Center. 
12 noon - Workshop - Social Skills Development, for students desiring to increase their 

to interact in a positive constructive way, Revelle Counselors Office . 
pm - Lunch - Lunch and informal conversation with faculty member TBA. 

Revelle Cafeteria menu boarA for details. All welcome for lunch in the side door. 
- Meeting - Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
- Meeting i Revelle Community Center Volunteer Program, ReveJle Community 

- Workshop - Creativity Workshop for students wanting either to enhance or 
their creativity, Muir Counselors Office. , 

- Valentine's Party - Hosted by your Muir Provost. Come and meet your Provost 
some Valentine munchies. Muir Provost office. 

- Lecture - "Turbulent Boundary Layer Measurements in a Very Compressible 
, Professor J A Smith, 7104 Urey Hall. 

4 pm - Meeting - General Meeting of the Tennis Club, Rec. Conference Room. 
6 pm - Speclal- African History P resent and Future, HSS 1330. 
6 pm - Theater- Speaker and theatrical readings with music, Mandeville Aud. 
5 pm - Meeting -Sports Car Club, Lounge Conference Room, Stu.dent Center. 
6 pm - Meeting - ME.CH.A., Third College Lounge. 
6pm- Meetlng- Muir Outing Club, A.P.M. 2402. 
6 pm - Meeting - Abbey of Leng, Student Center Game Room, Conference Room. 
6:30 pm - Workshop - Career Options Workshop, participants will focus on the process 
defi ning possible career directions and assessing career factors important to them, 
M.C. Room 15. 

7:30 pm-Meeting - U.C.S.D. Ski Club, CR 104 Third College. 
7:30 pm -Movle- " The Organizer", CR 107. 
8 pm - Concert - U.C.S.D. Gospel Choir, selections include Donny Mathenay 's 

'Sorneclay We'll be Free" and contemporary arrangements of religious and secular 
free, Mandeville Aud. 

8:30 pm - Concert - Cecil Lytle, easy good listening, Side Door. 

" 

. friday 
11 am - Lecture - " The Gospel of Christ and the Gospel of Marx" James Lyon, in the 

White House across from Muir, lunch. All welcome! 
12:05 pm - Lecture - " Factors Controlling Cell Elongation in the Green Unicellular 

Alga Aceta bularia", Dr. Aharon Gibor, 307 Vaughan Hall. 
1 pm - Meeting - Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room, Student Center. 
1 pm - Music· Women's Center is sponsoring a music get-together, bring your body, 

voice and/or instrument, Women's Center. . 
2 pm - Seminar- " Computer Processing of 'EEG' ", Prof. R. Bt-ikford, BSB 248. 

. 3 pm - Sports - Women's Sports Day every Friday, Meet at Women's Center if you 
wantto play. 

6 pm - Special- African-American History and Culture, Ed Boston, CR 104. 
7:30 pm - Movies - "Casablanca", " To Have and Have Not", "Blondie Johnson", 2722 

USB. 
7:30 pm - Lecture - Panel Discussion on World H(lnger and Population Growth, 

International Center. Refreshments wi\l be served, all welcome. 

120000 - p,~ -G'I~~ !;~,!p2 ~ y, b,,,~, 
and refreshments provided. Coast Blvd. and 19th St., Del Mar. For more info. ca ll 755-
7347 or 755-7890. 

7:30 pm - Movie - " The Boys in the Band", USB 2722. $1.00, shown again a t 10 pm. 
8: 30 pm - Special- Fund raising dance for African- American Week, Revelle Cafeteria. 

sunday 
10:30 am - Worship - Catholic Student Mass, North Conference Room Student Center. 

Worship services at University Community Church 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 
Lutheran -10 am 
Catholic- 8:30am and 5 pm 
Episcopal-12 noon (note new time ) 

3 pm - .S~~ial ~ Indian Activities Day, singing, dancers, arts and crafts, speakers, 
food. ExhibitIOn will be held at the Congregational Church, 1216 Cave St., La Jolla. 

6 pm - Special - Films in conjunction with Black Consciousness Week, 2722 USB. 

Photo by Nikolaus 
M. Szeverenyi 

The Triton Times 
will pay $3 for 
photographs 
published here. 



...... .rI •••• tllll('S 
Record:; ! 
Tellyl in Heat, Courtney in Debut, Kipnis On 

Harpsichord, Reed out of Wack 
bt J.) mel Shawler 

Arts Editor 

BACH GOES TO TOWN - IGOR 
KIPNIS, harpsichord. Angel 
Records. 

Igor Kipnis has a fine reputation 
in the world of classical music, but 
you'd never guess that after 
hearing this album. Consisting of 
18 unrelated pieces of 11 almost 
equally unrelated composers, the 
album is biDed as " Happy Encores 
for Harpsichord. "In reality, it is 18 
uninspired perfonnances of simple 
pieces that should give a capable 
musician no problem. 

There are some well-known 
pieces such as Bach Preludes and 
Fugues, and Scarlatti Sonatas, and 
there a re some lesser known works 
such as Delius' Dance for HafIT 
sichord and "Chi passa per questa 
strada" by an unkown compers. 

Kipnis' pe rformances are 
generally poor - the way he plays 
Bach's Prelude No.2' in C minor 
from the "Well Temoered Clavier" 
is sacrilegious. However, the 
progranunlng is even worse than 
the perfonnances. 

It has no continuity other than 
the fact that the pieces are all 
played on the ha rpsichord. Even 
that is supect, though. The Delius 
Dance and Alec Templeton's 
"Bach goes to Town - Prelude and 
Fugue in Swing" sound as though 
they should be played on the piano. 

For the arC ectionato of the 
harpsichord, this is certainly an 
album to skip. 
WHO LOVES Y A BABY - TELL Y 
SA V ALAS. MCA Records. 

Here is definite proof that people 
with a name and talent get more of 
a chance to show their ineptitude 
than people with talent and no 
name. Telly Savala can't sing. 
When he attempts to do the title cut 
he sounds like a walrus in heat. 

McGovern did not win the 1972 
clection. Saying that Reed is a 
hack lyricist is redundant. 

In "Charley'S Girl" Reed sings , 
"The next time I see Sharon, I'm 
going to punch her face in." In " A 
Gift" he sings, " I'm just a gift to 
all the women in this world." And, 
in "ooohhh Baby," he sings, 
" Ooohhh baby, ooohhh baby, 
ooohhh baby, ooohhh-ooohhh-
ooohhh." 

What more can I say? ooohhh. 
DAVID COURTNEY'S FIRST 
DAY -- DAVID COURTNEY. 
United Artist Records. 

David Courtney, whose name is 
relatively unknown, has been 
around rock music for a long tfme. 
First he was leader of the British 
band Urchin. Then he became the 

drummer songwriter and producer 
for Leo Sayer. He also wrote and 
flI'Oduced Roger Daltrey's debut 
solo album (not everyone is per-
fect ). 

Now, Courtney has his own solo 
album. It is two sided, with most of 
the first side excellent, and most 
the second side terrible. The or-
chestral overture "Silverbird" is 
beautiful, setting the tone for the 

. rest of the album. As he moves into 
" Don't Look Now" and 
" Everybody Needs a Little 
Loving," you can see that Courtney 
possesses both a fine voice and a 
well-developed sense of rhythm. 

Courtney keeps the pace up well 
until the third cut of the second 
side, " You ain' t . got r-'e." From 

Continued on Page 1% 

THE BOOK OF 
ABIGAIL AND JOHN 
Edited by L.H. Butterfield, Marc Friedlaender and Mary.Jo Kline 
Harvard, $15, 398 pp. 

~ 

If we, the people, were to take a moment out of this red, white and blue 
year to choose a hero and heroine for the bicentennial, chances are that 
the chosen couple would be not George and Martha but JOM and Abigail. 

There are a multitude of reasons for the choice: George was a bit too 
military for modem tastes and had inherited wealth; Martha was less 
than spirited in style and demeanor. The Adamses, though, were quite a 
family. A blending of two of the noblest bloodlines this side of the Atlantic 
- the Quincys and the Adamses - the marriage of John and Abigail was a 
partnership worthy of awe. He was a statesman, not a soldier, in a 
country idealistically based on law, not force. She was an educated, 
vibrant, outspoken woman in an era when these were unfashionable 
qualities. 

What further renders the Ad¥ns partnership unique is the testimony 
they left future generations. In addition to parenting several generations 
of statesmen Adamses - including the sixth President - John and Abigail 
left the largest surviving heritage of correspondence of all the founding 
fathers and their wives. Now some 226 of these letters have been fathered 
into a volume by editors at the Harvard University Press to make a book 
that is anything but dull and scholarly. 

The letters are, of course, most important as first-person accounts of 
the remarkable times in which the pair lived: battles, the Boston Tea 

. Pa rty, and the years of negotiations with foreign powers are detailed with 
an observer's eye. What renders them remarkable, however, is their 
function as counterpoint to the drama of revolution through the con-
tinuing dialogue of husband and wife , as parents and lovers, as struggling 
businessmen and worried patriots. 

Throughout the period covered by the correspondence (from John's 
days as an itinerant lawyer through his ministry abroad,) his letters 
mingle advice on preparing manure with ponderings on affairs of state. 
Hers follow pleas for pins with poetry, and suggestions for legislation. 

The sheer volwne of letters preserved is made readable only by the 
intimacy of the correspondents ; the letters are nol dutiful but happily 
written. The decision by the Harvard Press to leave spellings, syntax and 
old·fashioned endearments intact also aids in their spontaneity. 

What emerges from the collection is a very genuine picture of two very 
human patriots, who sacrificed nearly a third of their married life in 
separation for the cause. That they made the sacrifices willingly, the 
pride and patriotism of their letters makes clear. That is was indeed a 
sacrifice, their endearments, frequent and sincere, stand as testimony. 

ROSA LYNNE HARTY How Savalas could find a market 
for his voice is one of the largest 
enigmas of our time, comparable 
to the riddle of the Phoenix. Only a 
wise man can answer. 

David Courtney DAVID MEYER 
ISAMOTHER 
By Gail Parent A tomic Cafe CO EY ISLAND BABY - LOU 

REED. RCA Records. 
What can be expected from an 

album that conta ins a thank you to 
Andy Wa rhol on the inner sleeve? 
Nothing but the biggest hack in 
rock thanking the biggest hack in 
the art and film world. 

UCSO'S Own Salon Music Harper & Row, $7.95 , 244 pp. 

Saying that Lou Reed's music is 
repetitious and boring is almost an 
understatement. Saying that Reed 
cannot sing is analogous to saying 

The UC San Diego music 
department will present a series of 
ava ntgarde concerts every other 
TuesdJY evening. Called the 
Atomic Cafe, they are designed fo r 
the presentation of the most recent 
works by students and faculty of 
the depa rtmen!. The accent of the 
Atomic Cafe is on the experimenal, 

-a- . . 

Gir 

Is there a better reaSOR 
to send an FTD LoveBundle? 

Maybe because she'll Ii ke you beUer for it. 
Send it to your special Valentine today. She'll get 

the message. Your FTO Florist will send you r 
LoveBundle™ almost anywhere. Order Early! 

Usuallyavailabla $1500* for less than 
. As an Indcpendent 

businessman , each FTO Member ","" 
Florist sets his own prices. .>,' 

• Reach out and touch her,the FTO Florist way! -
S1 

although trad itiona l works a re also 
performed. 

The informal atmosphere blends 
improvisation with the multi-
media format. The Atomic Cafe 
therefore encourages participation 
by other departments, particularly 
visua l arts, dra ma, and literature. 
Past performances have featured 
non-concert music, theater, con-
crete poetry and electronics. 

The Atomic Cafe had its origins 
in Paris when musicians oC the 
"Centre de Musique" with Keith 
Hwnble and J ean-Charles Fran-
cois started a series of evenings at 
the Vielle Grille, one of the first 
Parisian "Cafe-Theatres" of the 
1960's. 

Francois, now a UCSD music 
profcssor, initiated the Cafe here in 
the fall of 1974. The idea is to en-
cou ragc UCSD's own particular 
hra nd of salon music (or rather, 
sa lon entertainment.) 

The Atomic Cafe will have a 
performance tomorrow night from 
7 to midnight at the Mandeville 
RI'!'ital Hall. 

A lot of speculating (and pretty dry speculating at that) has been done 
about the effects of women's liberation on the female role, the family and 
the job market. 

But what about your average single, mid-30s male chauvinist pig? 
What happens to him when the girls he once so casually loved and left 
start picking him up for dates and then dropping him as casually as a 
gum wrapper? Who has bothered about him? . 

Very few. But now Gail Parent has written a clever speculative novel 
about David Meyer, one oCthe above types, and told all the frustrations in 
store for him and his buddies. Raised in a Jewish family with an over-
bearing MCP for a father and a meek, submissive mother, David 
becomes angry and impotent when he discovers that the days of the back· 
seat setup are irrevocable. 

When he falls in love with Linda Minsk, a very liberated magazine 
writer, he finds that, instead of leading iheshow, he mu&lfollow or forget 
it. Linda will survive quite nicely either way. The title of the book is a 
rather broad hint about David's resolution of his problem. 

Parent has made sociology very amusing. Her observations about the 
relationships between men and women are at once thQught-provoking and 
witty. If she has a fault, it is a tendency to exaggerate for the sake of a 
clever line, thereby distorting otherwise convincing portraits of confused' 
people in the 1970s. (For example, David's father vehemently objects to 
his buying a German car : "You got a good deal from people who killed six 
mill ion Jews?") 

Then, too, her repeated use of spoken lines followed by unspoken 
thoughts that undercut them eventually gives the book the tone of a stand· 
up c.omedy routine that goes on for an hour when a half hour would have 
been funnier and better. 

MARY ELSON 

![:~~~~~:~~'::~:~~~:'~5::~:] ANNOUNCEMENTS Tickets to EAB's Valentine Fantasy dinner·dance ore on sale until Wednesday at the Box Off ice . 
ilia day for the last two years? You're invited to i@ 

j~j participate in an interview study f~r pay. :li~ 

I""".,. ,.".,,:,.::.::.:,::.,.::,:::::::::::,~.::,:.:,::::::,.,:.,:"J 
Empty ca lor ies maketh a full heartl 
Give your tr ue love(s) a per· 
sonallzed heart shaped cookie on 
Valen tine's Day. Cookies will be on . 
sale on Friday a t Revelle Plalo, the 
Cra lt s Center, Muir Commons ond 
the Basic Science BU ilding. Benefit 
for the UCSD Day Care Center. 

Concert Scene 
February finds Bowie, Ian, ELO, and others in SD 

Thc devotces of rock and soul 
music will find many chances to 
drain their pockets this month. 
Many big name groups, Including 
some of the leading purveyors of 
the outrageous rock genre, will be 
appearing in San Diego. 

Chronologically, the first group 
to invade the area will be the 
Kinks. On Feb. 11 , the English 
group will come to the Golden Hall 
Aud itorium. The Kinks have becn 
around since thc days of I.BJ when 
they released their first single, 
" You Really Got Me" in the US. 
Their latcst album, " Kinks 
Present School Boys in Disgrace," 
has been a top seller for a while. 

Appearing with Kinks will be the 
group " Rolling Stone" called the 
' seminal influence in British 
rock": Pretty Things. 

Two nights latcr, San Diego will 
he visited by two extremes of 
popular music: David Bowie and 
.Janis Ian. Not much needs to be 
said of the famous (or is it in-
famous?) Bowie, who will play at 
the San Diego Sports Arena Feb. 
13. 

fan will be in the UC San Diego 
gym on the same night. She firs t 
became famous at the age of 15 
with her ballad of inlerraciallove, 
"Society's Child." After dropping 
out of the music scene for a few 
years, Ian again resurfaced with a 
hit single, " At Seventeen" from 
hcr album " Between the Lines." 

The Spinncrs and Rufus will 
appcar together at the Sports 
Arcna on Feb. 15. " Pick of the 
Litter, " the Spinners' lastest 
album, is at the top of the soul 
('harts and includes the single 
"Games People Play." Rufus, lead 
hy Chaka Khan, has also a top 
sclling LP, " Rufus featuring 
Chaka Khan." 

C haka Kahn of Rufus 
pe rforms at the Sports 
Arena on Feb. 15. 

Tic kets are now an sole for Tahoe 
and Mammoth Ski Tr ips in the 
Siudent Center. 

Study in 
Guadalajara, Mexico 

The GUADALAJARA SUMMER 
SC HOOL . a fully accredited UNI · 
VERSITY OF ARIZONA program. will 
Oller July 5·August 13 . anthropol. 
ogy. art . education . folklore . his-
t~ ry . political sCIence. language and 
lite rature . Tuition and lees. 5195. 
board and room with MeKtcan family 
$28 0 Write to GUADALAJARA 
SU MMER SCHOOL . Office of Inter· 
na ltonal Programs . UniverSIty 0; 
Anlona . Tucson . Anzona 85721 . 

, , '.' I I 1 

Janis Ian plays at the UC San Diego Gym this Friday . 
Now on a tour corresponding to 

the relcase of their latest album, 
the Elcctric l .ight Orchestra, more 
popula rly known as ELO, will 
hring their unique brand of or-
chestrated rock to the Sports 
Arena on Fcb . 18. Thei r fi rst big hit 
was an adaption of Chuck Berry's 
" Roll Over Becthoven," but the 

David Bowie will be et the Sports Arena on Friday the group did not really hit their stridc 
13th. until they rl'll'asf'Cj " EI Dorado, " 

UN I VER81lY 
BOOK5TORE 

an album considered to be one of 
the bcst rock LPs of the last five 
years by Triton Times Art Editor 
Daniel Shawler. 

Theil' latest effort, "Face the 
Music," although not on the scale 
of "El Dorado," continues to ca rry 
their tradition of fine music. 
Appcaring on the same bill is Little 
Feat. 

uniVfRSITY 

ARRANGEMENT WITH 
---................ ~ 

.................. 

MATTHEWS CAMPUS 

A fl V~ D«\Y 5HoW 
HOURS 10:00 - '1:30 PM. 

\vi H OL ESALE To TH E 

MON T}·H<VI 
~R I D,o...,y 

PUBLIC. 
A GIANT '51 LVER ~ rLARQl-iOISg ItJDIAcN 
or=WELRI{ "5tf9Vv' AND SA.L.~ ffiR AL~ ST~DENT.5 
FACUL.:f\I , S~FF ANi) rRI~NDS f1::A.~~I NG . 
ritE:: FI tJE5T HAtJD C.RAf (ED M.E~CH4N D/&E 
AVAllrABL£. AT 11+~ ~!2:sr PR(~ O~ 1Tt£ 
WfE.'5T ~sT· PR..lC~ -fAR. ~lCW 

~VATlDf.J PRIQ~ . 
it t$ 

Al-iTHENfiC NAVAJo Rl~5 (690) BRAc.fl.£TS C!6PO) 
A ~rnNNr NCo ~£U;C/( Of\) OF XLMJ I I ~LAY I F/ liE: pml 
pOu.Jr AL..l-- DIRECT :f(<OM IND (A~ CRAfrsMEJJ 1 
L.A(((oEsr NfCf(W4 R-E ~OJJ AND D IstU r I N TftG 
KNOWN WORLD - ftATvtr<1 N~ - t.! QU ID 51 LVt:1< Nf.C/(f.,~ AT ·Lf , ~5 55;lA.nFV1L AtJD DaIC4T~ 

CQS\no~s ffATlARlNG NAT'1RA-L. S\RTt( STCtJes 
AhlP SCA ~ CF fa/r;;;A.Y KltSD ; St-tAP~ 4 
CaoR.. ! I .ff. 
e.pm,ArL ~ I~ ~kAs 5 , ~6 

~~ -Fb"nc.RE'. t)o.,T -~sa..F SEC:rlcYJ -
A~ YOtA N~ "fl:)CR.eA~ "(Ol(~owlJ NlAST~ H~ Ct ) 
T1A RQWDI Sl!: N'U<D(O~ . L.l~\b ~~ MA~'r-' 

~RAL SItWes AtJD sTl-VAA ~ -SHEt£,~ 
AU- AT' ~r SAVI Nca> Tb 'rb~. - _ • _ 

•• I' ••• 



UCSO's Marla Ross (30) jumps high to vvin 3 tip-off. 
Triton women Sally Boatner (12) and Ann Carrington 
(24) wait for the ball. ITT Photo: Sharon Roberts) 

1M B-Boll 

Tough Whips N ads, 
All-State Still No. 1 

by Jon Halperin 

Tn the featured intramural 
games lal'ot week, Mike Hipp's 
Scmi-Tough wlupped the Nads, and 
the top ranked team, The All-
State-Good-Hands, dropped the 
13th ranked Above Average White 
Team. 

In the seven-o'clock encounter, 
Scmi-Tough had a relatively easy 
time of it. Led by Peter Green-
berg's game high 23 points, Semi-
tough walloped the Nads 47-22. 
Mike Hipp had 8 points and Rick 
Trontz had 5 to add to the win. 
. In the nightcap, the purple-clad 
All-Statc-Good-Hands showed the 
Ahove A veragc White Team why it 
deserves its No. 1 rating_ Led by a 
solid, fluid defense and a balaneed 
scoring attack the " Hands" were 
quicker than the eye. 

The game opened with the Hands 
moving out to an early 21~ lead 
and then went on to build up 41-25 
ha lf-time deficit for the Above 
Average White Team. 

The second half was more of the 
same for Above Average. Unable 
to penetrate the Hands' ferocious 
zone defense, they tried to retaliate 
with some good outside shooting 
from Bill hoffman and Mike 
Russell. 

The Hands more than met the 
('hallenge, howeve r , as they went 
on to win impressive ly, 80-48. 

Seoring in double figures for the 
lIands were Bob Gibbs (1 8), Fred 
Phillips (17), Dave Gibbs (14 ) and 
Dave Johnson (12) . 

By winning the AII-5tate-Good-
Hands raised their record to 4-0 
whilr Above Average fell to 2-2. 

SHARE THE RIDE 
WITH US THIS 

WEEKEND 
AND GET ON 

TO A GOOD THING. 
Us means Greyhou nd. and a lot of your fellow students 
who are already o n to a good thing . You leave when you 
like . Travel comfo rtably . Arrive refreshed and on time . 
You'lI save money. too. over t he Increased ai r 
fares. Share the ride with us on weekends. Holi d ays. 
Anytime. Go Greyhound. 

GREYHOUND SERVICE 
TO 

Los flngeles 
Sanh Barbara 
San 3ernardino 
Sanl3 Ana 
Bakusfield 

ONE- ROUND- YOU CAN 
WAY TRIP LEAVE 

:1>6.51 $12.37 4:00 
10.72 20.37 6:30 

7.29 13.85 5:00 
520 9.88 5:00 

11.59 22.02 5:00 

YOU 
ARRIVE 

6 :30 
12:35A.M. 

8 :50 
7 :00 

11 :50 
Asl your Jgont about additional departures and return trips . 

MR. J ,J , END E R S 
DIS T R Ie T MAN AGE R 

120W .BROADWAY S .D.92IOI 
[714] 

239-1289 

_ cr.GO GREYHOUND 1ifI ... and leavelh8 driving to us ~ 

.rI.« ... IInl'8· Fellrury t,lt'JI 
I 

Preseason Against USIU 
Triton B-Hall Women Fight To Win 

by Evelyn Barata 
Staff Writer 

After a haH hour delay waiting 
for the officials, a would-be timer 
was ronverted to a referee, a 
second official was pulled in from 
the vicinity of the gym and the 
women's basketball team's 
preseason game with United States 
International University began. 
Through elbowing, tripping, 
shoving and sounds of frustrated 
sighs, the UCSD cagers limped to a 
50-25 win. . 

I 'CSD coach Shirly Peterson best 
summed up the team's feelings in 
:ler after game comment, " I've 
never been so glad for a game to 

end. USIU Is a very physical team 
and our players really did get 
frustrated. " 

First half action was slow-paced 
and marked by numerous tur-
novers and wild plays by both 
teams. The Triton offense, working 
a~ainst a 2-1-2 USIU zone was able 
to get open for the shots, but was 
having a hard time putting them 
in. 

With eight minutes left in the 
first half and an ~ score, an of-
ficiating change was made. 
Almost instantanously the Tritons 
worked up a faster pace, got the 
fast breaks, the inside shots and 17 
points to usru's two, to lead at the 
half 25-10. 

usru staged a short comeback 
within the opening minutcs of the 
second half, narrowing the gap t09 
points . But the Tritons sharpened 
their defense to hold the USIU 
team to 4 points in the final 14 
minutes, while stepping up their 
own offense once again. 

UCSD experimented with a man 
to man defense during the first half 
which proved fairly effective. But 
in second half action the Tritons 
reverted back to their usual 2-1-2 
zone formation. 

. Ann Carrington, working under 
the boards, led the Triton scoring 
with 15 points while Marla Ross 
Lind Alison Chin bucketed 13 and 12 
points respectively . 

Frisbee Club Features 
"Ultimate Frisbee" 

" I played several sports in high 
school, but none really compared 
with Ultimate Frisbee, " said 
Alan Russell , President of tile UC 
San Diego Frisbee Club. 

Russell explained that "The 
s port combines the best elements 
of , e~era I other a thletic games. 
The playing field is sixty yards by 
forty yards, and the basic idea is 
fot· one seven person team to try 
and move up the field, all the 
whilc the other seven person 
g roup is defending. 

" No one can run with the 
Frisbee after a throw is com-
pleted, but instead can only pivot 
on one leg, while trying to 
complete a throw to one of their 
of>Cn men. A goal is scored by 
successfully completing a throw 
over the goal line. The defensive 
team gains possession whenever 
the orrensive team's pass is in-
('omplete, intercepted, knocked 
down or goes out of bounds." 

Starting this Sunday, F ebruary 
15, at 1 pm, the Frisbee Club will 
he m cling on Revelle Field to 
play Ultimate Frisbee. Russell 
commented that, "Most of the 
club membet-s have never played 
Ultimate, a nd so those who would 
like to ('orne and learn how to 
play are welcome." 

He further explained that the 
Fl'isbec Club's intent was not 
only to play Ultimate, but to also 
teach new club members the 
m a ny throws possible. " Even if 
you can't throw a Frisbee, we'd 
like to teach y ou," he said. 

The club has been supplied with 

, " 

Frisbee Clubs have already 
challenged UCSD to play some 
Ultimate Frisbee games. 

" People can really get en-
thusiastic over frisbee," Russell 
sa id. " There are several com-

[letitions he ld in Southern 
California , as well as the many 
dirferent kinds of games you can 
[llay with a frisbee. All we need 
now is some enthusiastic people 
to come out and play. " 

Fr'isbees from WHAM-O, and the Frisbee Club pl'esi~ent Alan Russell makes a one-hand 
Santa Barbara and Los Angeles catch of a wet frisbee . (TT Photo : Nathan Meyers) 

U_C. , SAN DIEGO CAMPUS PftOOAAM BOARD pre .. nl. 
t" 

ViNiE BURROWS 
iN 

Walk q'oget~~r C~l1drel1 
-8 OQ~ WOIQ8Q sbow or poetry 8Qd prose rroIQ 

tile <Black ~IQ~rlc8Q cxperlcQce 
Friday, February 20.8:30 p.m_ 
Mandeville Auditorium 

. St . S3 G.A 14.50 
Tickets: UCSD Box Office 
452-4090 

CIIABTEBS 
SAVE UP TO .so-.4 in '76 

IUROPllrom'299* 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 wkl. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 915 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEA 1S on long 
and lummer flights 10 
book today for '76 
0_ "_" ~ I, _II-

291-8141 

OJ!. V.!!~i! 
" I ... 

~vlllloo,--t ...... 1Idt 
, 333 Cemillo ~ lie huth 

S.D .. CA .2101 
• Minimum ,.... which me. de-
pendent on dOle & !eng'" of llite . 

FebrUary', mt • rlfCM.fllJ1('S Pagell 
Bradley's Heroics Shock USIU In Overtinte 

Hafford Gets 30, 
But JV s Downed 

by Seo" Sadll 
Assistanl Sports EdItor 

With the relative equality in 
talent between most college junior 
varsity basketball teams, it is the 
hasic skills and execution that 
~cncrally make the difference 
hetween winning and losing. 

"As in most games, it was the 
little mistakes in fundamentals 
that arlded up to beat us," said UC 
S<l n Diego JV coach Ron Werft, 
afte r his club was defeated 
Saturclay night, 91-76, in their 
sec'onrl unsuccessful meeting of 
three sc heduled games this season 
with the usru Westerners. The 
loss dropped the Tritoll~ season 
rccord to 3-8. 

"Turnovers, not screening out on 
rehounds, letting the other team 
~r t easy lay-ups, the usual thing 
cost us the game tonight," ex-
plained Werft 

This combination of small errors 
were enough to offset an ex-
('('ptional offensive perfonnance 
by Triton guarrt Doug Hafford. 
IiLirrord hit 11 of 14 field goa l at-
tr'mpL5 on a variety of clever 

III1L~i d e jumpsh,ots. In all Hafford 
ttlt; llIed 30 pointo; in the contest, 
high fot· both teams a nd a personal 

hi~h for thc freshman guard. 
Hafford, Erick Finkle and Tom 

Griffin kept UCSD close to USlU 
fnr most of the first half as the 
Tri tons wcrc even 32-32 with just 
two minutes left before in-
trnn ission. But after allowing the 
Wrsterners to score a fa stbreak 
1J;lsket, throwing the ball away 
twiec , anrt letting USIU slip frce 
fOl' an easy inside shot, UCSD 
trll ilcd a t the half, 41-36. 

At the start of the second period 
the Tritons gave up three straight 
layups, and were never able to get 
l/il{'k into the mutest. EY.en...willl.. 
li afforrl matching the Westerners 
practi ca lly shot for shot, UCSD 
was never able to get closer than a 
six point mar/Iin. 

Fivc straight personal fouls by 
the Tritons in the final four 
minutes on which USIU convertcd 
both free throws in the one-and-one 
situation put the game out of 
UCSD's reach. 

Finkle was the second leading 
score for the Tritons with 17 points, 
hitting a II seven of his frec throw 
"tlempt~ . Griffin followed with 13 
poi nts. 

The Tritons ge t one more s hot at 
USIU this season. " We play thcm 
in ou r la st game of the season," 
saill coaeh Werft. " We've lost 
lwkr so far, but I still think we ca n 
1){';lt them." 

UCSD Back In Playoff Race 
With 67-66 Upset Victory 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports Editor 

star forward, C~t Hancock, with 
26 seconds left to send the game 

- into overtime. Bradley missed a 
In what was clearly their most baseline jump shot at the buzzer 

emotionally-played, spotlessly- that could hav~ ,ended the game a 
executed game of the season, the regulation time. 
Tritons upset usru in overtime It was a fu11-game near-perfect 
Saturday night, 67~, at Univers ity defensive errort by UCSD, along 
High School. with a fluid offense, that upset the 

Junior gual'd Bart Bradley hit a ('on ference's top defensive team . 
jumper from just in front of the The lead exchanged hands early, 
free throw line with five seconds before UCSD cstablished a seven 
Icft in the game to win it for UC San point margin late in the first half, 
Dicgo. Center Lyle Smith then and Jed by six, 37-31 , at in. 
s tole the ball with two seconds left termission. 
to insure the victory. The Tritons ran out to a big lead, 

It was the Tritons third straight 49-37, before the Westerners put on 
('onference win, placing UCSD in a a stifling defensive show. While 
sccond place tie with USIU, last UCSD was held scoreless for the 
season's NAIA District champions. next six minutes, USIU was able to 

It marked the end of the first ('ut the margin to four. 
l'Ound of league, and the Tritons Clutch free throws by USIU's , 
open up the second round Jcff Koury tied the game with one 
tllmorrow night at Cal Baptist, minute left, Ken Melvin then hit 

~hieh is unbeaten in conferl'nce two to put UCSD ahead, and finally 
play, and 21-2 overall. _ Hancock put in two, tying the 

It took free throws by USIU's all- game, 59-59, after 40 minutes. 

Guard Bart Bradley , shown here passing between two 
defenders, \/Vas UCSO's hero Saturday night , hitting a 
jumper with five seconds left in overtime for a one point 
win . ITT Photo : Bill Brooks) 

Triton gua rd Mallory Mitchell 
foulcd out a fte r 20 seconds of 
overtime, elating the Westerner 
fans . Bradley then took control, 
s('o r ing six of UCSD's eig ht 
overtime points. 

Meanwhile, Smith, a junior, had 
the task of trying to stop Hancock, 
who led the game with 29 points. 
Smith was quite errective until 
Hancock slipped free for a lay-up 
with 40 seconds left, putting USIU 
ahead,66-65. 

Ken Melvin and Mallery Mitchell show that they have 
style off the court as well as on. Seated here before the 
USIU game, the two guards make up part of UCSO's 3-
guard offense, which has been responsible for much of 
the Tritons' success this season . (TT Photo: Bill 
Brooks) 

The Westerners immediately 
stoic the ball ba k, but were called 
for a rarely-seen violation, when a 
USIU player went out of bounds, 
thcn had only one foot back in when 
hc recei vcd a pass. This se t the 

Hungry? The Muir Snack Bar is 
open evenings from 9- 12 midn ighl 
w i th a complete line of goodies 7 
days 0 week. 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone 583-UFE 24 hrs 

Free eOWlSeling, study )oo~ 
and speakers 

latest fashions 
in wire fram,es 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fined 
repairs 

hOurs mon - : .. 10 ~O - 8 00 
sal rO·6 ; IOSed sundars 

ports arena blVd. 
laelos! Irom Ihe SPOilS arena l 

Baja Natural History Exped ilion : ground of the grey wholes. 
spring vocolion, March 21 -27 . A 7· Exploration of Ba ja's Pac ific 
day cruise on the 95 flo vessel Islands : Cedros, Son Benitos and 
Searcher 600 m iles sou th along San M arlin . Observation and study 
Baja's west coas t to San Ignacio of grey whales , elephant seals, 
Lagoon, Ihe favor ite breed ing harbor seals, sea lions, killer 

MARql 21-2{' 
DUR/Nb- (iURR1EI? 8mtl( 

5 ALL DRY LIFT 1iCKfT~ 
5 NIG-HT3 LOn&IN9-
'WElCOf¥l£ filhY 
2 "PIlNC£S 
'WltfE f CHE.£6E. f},qy 
BOFF£T ])'NNEIt Ib- $l,1/,f~A 3 

stage for Bradley's last second 
heroics. 

Bradlcy finish d up leading the 
team with 19, Melvin had 12. 
Miteh II nine, and Smith nine 
[lOints and nine rebounds. 

UCSD, now 3-2 in conference 
[llay and 10-11 overall, has the 
inside track for the second spot in 
the play-offs, with two teams being 
scnt to AlA post-season play, Cal 
Baptist has one berth nearly 
wrapped up. 

A final meeting between UCSD 
and USIU is seheduled for Feb. 24, 
in the main gym, and that battle 
will probably decide the second 
playoff team. 

wholes, peltcons, osprey, tnterlidal 
mar i ne life. desert plant com -
munities. Space is Ilmired . Cosr : 
$325. everylhlng Included. Con lOCI 
Dr. Fronk Rokop, Blo de pI. 2254 BB, 
X 4770. 



.. 

GSU arJ Learning 
Academic kll Resolution of , 
May, 1975). W will continue to 
work together ith the faculty to 
achieve edUCl onal quaUty at 
UCSD. We would urge StroU to 
refrain from speaking out in such a 
destructive and divisive manner in 
the future. 

Second, we would welcome 
(were it any more than a pipe 
dream of StroU's) the opportunity 
to become Teaching Assistants 
again. Traditionally, the TA at 
UCSD provided undergraduates 
the opportunity to participate 
personally in the educational life of 
the University through small scale 
discussion sections. But such TAs 
are a lamentably extinct species. 
Presently T As are the means 
whereby this gigantic university 
system gets tremendous amounts 
of necessary teaching labor at a 
very low cost. It was not our 
decision to assume teaching 
functions in seriously overcrowded 
sectiofU!. It was the ad-
ministration's refusal to give 
quality undergraduate education 
top priority. 

And it is precisely the Univer-
sity's continued failure to adhere to 
its own !'tated policy of a 40:1 
student-TA ratio which has led to 
the Work-tlrRule. Work-to-Rule 
means simply that graduate 
employees paid to do 20 hours work 
will work 20 hours. It is an attempt 
to make evident the need for more 
TAs if quality standards of 
education are to be achieved on 
this campus. 

Stroll's proposal, however, is not 
to hire needed T As, but to find 
someone else whom he can exploit. 
If UCSD grad students are not 
willing to work 40 hours and get 
paid for 20, then Stroll will find 
scabs (or, euphemistically, post-
doctoral fellows) who will. 

In the face of already existing 
problems, with an even bleaker 

. outlook for next year, Stroll adopts 

••• 

the recurrent adminis~ration 
theme - "maybe the problem will 
just go away" (or as he puts it" "I 
hope Work-to-Rule will disa~ 
pear"). 

Work-t~Rule will not disappear. 
Graduate students will no lo~er 
perform uJlren.wnerated services. 
But the effects of Work-~Rule 
(ungraded exams and reports, 
seriously limited office hours, etc.) 
will disappear when the University 
hires enough T As to do the work 
that needs to be done. 

Stroll tellingly betrays his 
managerial frame of reference 
when he pronounces, "A strike is 
always bad." While more than one 
worker might wish to take issue 
with this epithet, we wOuld allow 
that a strike is generally u~ 
pleasant for all concerned. The 
GSU believes that the deterioration 
of the quality of education at UCSD 
might be averted by the ad-
ministration's finn resolve to do 
so. But we have been hearing 
nothing except the same tired hope 
that problems will disappear. 

If the administration can only be 
startled from its Wonderland 
vagaries by a strike, then the GSU 
would be remiss in its obligation to 
the UCSD community were it not to 
engage in such an action. 

In the meantime, we wish to 
restate the suggestions put forth in 
our September report to the 
Regents regarding fund sources 
for the on of TA work loads : 

1) eliminate all free housing for 
administrators ; 

2) freeze all administrator's 
salaries in excess of $30,000; 

3) eliminate excess ad-
ministrative costs (UCSD spends 
more money per student on 
general administration than any of 
the other eight campuses of UC) 

Furthermore, we would suggest 
that Stroll might best be disen-
thralled of his utopian miscon- · 
ceptions by meeting a represen-

• rife .. flll1l'8 
. • . • 4 

tative of the GSU in a public debate 
on the issues affecting educational 
quality at UCSD. Such a forum 
would do much more to cIarify the 
problems affecting this institution 
than the steady stream of ob-
fuscating press releases the ad-
ministration and its spokesmen 
have hitherto provided. 

KEVIN O'CONNOR 
JOHN WINSLOW 

Co-Secretaries, 
Graduate Student Union 

Records.. 
thf'n on, he pushes his voice so that 
it sounds similar to Bob Dylan, 
only not quite as bad. 

If he had kept the last few songs 
off of side two, Courtney would 
have had an excellent album to his 
credit. But even established stars 
like Paul Simon have shown that 
they often cannot keep up the in-
tensity for full albums. Listened to 
from this perspective, " David 
Courtney's First Day" is not that 
bad. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Volunteers are needed for the 
MCAT Course. Students-who took 
the course lost year and can 
volunteer their t ime, please contact 
Shirley Cunningham, X 4253. 

UCSD undergraduates are eligible 
to enter the Ina Coolbrith Memoriol 
Poetry Contest. The prizes for the 
best unpublished poems or groups 
of poems by an undergraduate at 
the University of California (all 
campuses) are: First prize $125, 
second prize $100, third pr ize $75, 
fourth prize $50 and fifth prize $25. 
Students interested should contact 
Geoffrey Harpham of the 
Department of literature, Revelle 
College. The deadline is sub-
mission of manuscripts is Friday, 
~arch 5 . 

BSPA Re-Groups 
An organization at UC San Diego, 

which has been dormant for the 
past three years, will be re-
emerging. The Black Students' 
Psychological Association 
(BSPA), will be re-grouping this 
quarter. 

BSPA is designed to stimulate 
and enrich the involvement of 
Black students in both academic 
and extracurricular activities. 
Students will have an opportunity 
to become involved in activities 
within a variety of settings, on and 
off campus. 

The association is open to 
students of all disciplines who have 
an interest in psychology, and also, 
a desire to integrate their 
academic world more directly to 
practical matters. 

The first re-organizational 
meeting will be held Thursday, 
Feb. 19, from 7 to 8 p.m. in the 
Lounge Conference Room of the 
Student Center. 

Public Transportation Hearings 
Citizen testimony concerning 

proposed revisions to the Regional 
Transportation Plan (RTP) will be 
taken at four public hearings 
scheduled for February by the 
Comprehensive Planning 
Organization (CPO) Board of 
Directors. 

The modified RTP places major 
emphasis on short-range plans and 
immediate action programs to 
improve transportation in the San 
Diego Region. 

The updated plan is scheduled 
to be adopted by the Board on 
March 15, and then forwarded to 
the State of California by April!. 

The first public hearing will be 
held on February 18 at the La Mesa 

Fe......, I, II'fI 

Woman's Club. On February 19, 
the second hearing will be held at 
the San Diego Convention Center. 

Groups or citizens unable to 
attend a hearing can comment on 
the updated RTP in writing. 
Remarks should be addressed to 
Lee Hultgren, Assocate Director 
for Transportation Planning at the 
CPO Office. 

Summaries of the proposed 
revisions and additions to the RTP 
may be obtained by calling or 
writing to the CPO office. Opinions 
must be received for review by the 
Board prior to March 15. 

Job Opportunites 
Job placement specialists at 

Opportunity Research Inc. in-
dicate that there will be in excess 
of 50,000 good swnmer job o~ 
portunities at National and State 
Parks, dude ranches and private 
summer camps. 

Students are urged to apply 
early, prior to April 1, as the good 
jobs go fast. Free information on 
student assistance for summer job 
placement may be obtained by 
sending a seH-addressed stamp 
envelope to Opportunity Research, 
Department SJO, 55 Flathead 
Drive, Kalispell, Montana, 59901. 

Hemingway FUm 
"Ernest Hemingway" will be 

presented by the Del Mar Bicen-
tennial Committee Feb. 13 in Del 
Mar's St. Peter's Middleton Hall at 
8p.m. 

The second film in the Com-
mittee's monthly series, " Ernest 
Hemingway" chronicles the life on 
the American Nobel Prize winner. 

A nominal donation will be 
requested to help defray costs . 

T RiYON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates 

Classifleds should either be printed or typed on a 3" x 5" card (available 
in Triton Times office). They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p.m . 

The following rates are for 100 spaces ··If you use more spaces , the rate 
will dOUble . (100 spaces·· 25 cents ; 101 to 200 ··50 cents) . 

Personals ·· $1 
Lost and Found .- free 
Other ads: students .- 25 cents 
nonstudenlS " $1 

Deadlines. 4 pm Fnday for Monday; 4 pm Monday for Wednesday; 4 pm 
Wednesday for Friday 

Announcements free All announcements w ill run in the Monday 
calendar Deadline for calendar: 4 pm Friday. . 

(All additions or corrections to listings In the Schedule of Classes for 
regular University courses will be charged $1 ). 

ItOUSiNG 
For rent. Own room In peaceful Ocean Beach 
house. Clean , light. yard·ideal. All utilities 
Inc(uded $100 Steven 222·71 95 , 270·1059 . 

2 13) 

F roommate n dad now Own room fur· 
nlshed $SS Del Mar 481 -9634 (2/ 13) 

Own room In 2BR Apt In Claireniont Ouiet 
nonsmoker Itll. Inc Call John . 560-5627 . 
SI15. M ,F ( ' 91 

Wanted OP3 Ie roommate for apl In PB . 
S9850 'mo ~8-6710.Mlke 12/ 11) 

Wanled Fmmt sh re apt In LJ With 2 F 
rl('. r bus o'p-an VIPW cozy $1 263-1444 . 
IPdY 'flass 1P. .3U·YI: ( ~'3) 

• SERVICES 
I~.-r. Wen.,,1 Mime arti st av liable for 
p " '''$ S perb entertainmen t and 
"·,y,,, .. b' ,,,t Call 224·6011 (419) 

Tu,orm9 • any and all levels 01 French 
'j hr or '1 IQr one h II hour 4521588 

'1 121 

Womancare Pregnancy lestlng , birth 
con trOl , bort,ons. pre·natal care nd 
women 's health ,ntormatlon 1050 Gamel , 
P cfflC Beach , 48IP591 (2/21) 

lAM tYPlnQ-ld t . cur te nd re on ble 
Sf,o-'66!ior 27 -6947 C'i s (2127) 

8 mo long hired whlto Temor female Free 
to gOOd hOme B , X3300 (2/13) 

TYPING Manlyn would like to type your 
paper . theSIS, book . She 's experienced, 
fast. reasonable and has a correcting IBM . 
Please call her at 565-7000. (2/ 11) 

SKI' Get your skiis In tune So in shape . Tune· 
up $4 /up . Hot wax $1 50-$2. Call Alan , 
755-2543 (2 /9) 

STEREO REPAIR. Student with professional 
training and experience '" stereo repa ir, 
offers greatly reduced rale to lhose on 
student budgets. Repairs made on all makes 
and models, amps, preamps, receivers , 
tuners , tapes . and tables . Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE. Call 
Immedlalely lor free estimate and or problem 
consulta tion . Call 291·5927 . (2/ 9) 

TRAVEL 

EUROPE ISRAEL O rlenl. N.Y TGC Low 
I.O~ t flight s . 1436 S La C'enega BI. LA 
qQ035 (7 t 4)735· t8 or (213)652·2727 
13 12) 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS BOOK EARLY. CIEE· 
STUDE NT TRAVEL SERVICES UCSD IN· 
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12·4 pm 452· 30. (3/12) 

SKI H AV NL Y VALL Y dunng quarter 
""" '~ Mdrr.h 21 26 ') All 0 Y Lifl TICk Is 5 
Nil,., lodqll1ll Cd 1110 Buff t Dinner A 
P.lfli"fi G Inri' II for only $1 II ets on 
r. llr- ,I I !'>'"({ >nl Cpn tor . 11 12-1 Mon to 
r, 

Instant. telephone confirmations on all 
roundtnp charlers and tours to Europe 
($339) . HawaII ($169). New York ($169), 
Onent ($437) . Mexico ($199) ana the M iddle 
East. Oneways available. Plus new , In· 
dependent experimenlal tours . For 24 hour 
Information / reservatlons call collect West · 
coast student travel counsel AVCO center 
sU ite 790 10SS0 Wil shire Blvd . LA 90024 . 
(2 13)475-6865 Book no later than 65 days 
before departure (3/ 12) 

Ski where the snow IS. at Creste Butte , Colo 
With the UCSD Ski Club over Spring Break . 
Tickets Student Center 

Wanted Travel buddy to South America . 
Carnival In Rio . Peru . Buenos. Aires Leave 
Mid·Feb. 1·3 mo . CALL SOON ! I 582-8423 
12 111 ) 

EUROPE ISRAEL - Student flight s year 
round ISCA. 11687 san Vicente Blvd .. N4 , 
LA . CA 90049 (213)826-5669 or 826·0955 . 
(31 12) 

WANTEd 
N d ex tra cash? Buying old U S coins . 
Al so bUYing U S silver coins minted before 
1965 Ken . 453-7924. (3/ 12) 

I n d "de to Berkeley Fn . Feb. 13. Will 
~hare dnv,"g l e~penses Call 755-8785 eves . 
I~ 9) 

RlcI~ to UCLS Thurs . 2·12 after 530, will 
sharp qas pxp nses Kathy . 453-9094 
PlNtSP leave message (219) 

PERSONAls 
Cowboy Wi th a h rt of gOld . 1st WIP w l lhls 
nov I. For free lst chapter, sen t st mped 
"nve lope to Ch rles Helmler. 743 Crest 
Ro.1d . Del M r 920 t 4 (3 /12) 

Mr>n·Womenl Job on ShiPS I Amellc n. 
forP IQn No experience reqUired Excollenl 
rl<,y Workwlde tr vet Sumr r lob or creer 

(.,,<1 $3 (or Info S AFAX ()Ppt B Box 
'()4<t POri Angpl W hlnqton 98 2 
r~ I 1")) 

W,..,lthy family df's" s to adop t C IIC In l nt 
r", '1110 II 4'9 0673 I;>I?7) 

To M ichael . the Royal Wooer 8. Hickle-giver 
Par·excellence of King Snedley's Courl 
Lot"s of horny HAPPINESS /I. total satisfction 
on your birthday'" (heh·heh) LOVingly Irom 
the lords & ladles 01 the realm. (2/9) 

Hobbs. Limbo men with hearts of gold 
always triumph . Happy B·day from those 
who care. (2/9) 

,. 

fOR SALE 

69 Vall an i 6 cyl. A / C Power br & st $1100 
d ys . 453-2820. X345 Eves · 46!H>896 
12 /11) 

Suzuki TS ISScc 1972 rebuilt engine. Rebuilt 
carburetor starts 1 sl kick $425.00. Mike, 453-
9663. (2/9) 

70 VW VAN new engine , radial tires brakes, 
start er . generator . oil cooker $2.195.00. Jim. 
?7? 7462 (2/9) 

t 975 Kawasaki 400 full dress 550 miles new 
condi t ion Call Anne eves . 755-2407 . SII00 
or best o ff r (2/9) 

'WATERBED'. OUEEN SIZE Waterbed 
completed With heater . liner. frame nd 

~hf>et s $140 481 ·0843, Mark _ (2/11) 

Mint cond Lp·s New Hawkwlnd , Bowie. 
Isolope Kr ftwerk nd Focus' Ham , 
C;oncerto. $2 _50 Billy . 452·8011 (2/9) 

G ... rrard Zero t OOC w / wood b se. Shure M91 
EO $125 fi rm C II Iternoon and wkends . 
Gary'U7.n28 (2/ 13) 

Glb~on publiC address sysl m. $125, like 
n"w 270-5146 12/9) 

25·· Peugeot 1 0 sp d , excell nt condition, 
$100 Ilk new . 270-5146. (2/9) 

MI7ir i nl 10-sp ad 24 c hromed·butted 
fr ,,,n,, sew-ups . Suntour eqUipped Ufa· 
, "mp" br k s. bst ofr 453-964 (2/ t3) 

Glb~on. $-125 Gult r. Archtop I I ACC. 
"""t conu $300 WIC e M rk 454·8435 
;> ) 

u{lwlq drum double bess set complete with 
"II h "Iw.,,,, qood conrlltlon $7 John 
" ".IM' (?, ) 

All right! Tickets for Valentine Fantasy 
Dinner /dinner dance on sale until Wed, Feb 
II ! At the box office. (2/9) 

Surfboard • 7"S'· x 19" Pinlall , very fast , 
air·brush deck, $35. Andy , PM 45!1-S324. 
(2/9) 

LOST & fOUNd 
Lost 1 liquid Sliver and coral earring between 
Bonner Hall and parking lot 10 Call BIOI. 
Dept. X3465 (2 /9) 

Found · Haliday Resnick Physics bOOk Wed . 
2 r 3 ,n USB2622 Call 755-7009. (2/ 11 ) 

Lost pr o f mirror sunglasses in b throom 
near HL 1438 Please return to TT Office. 
1?19) 

Reward for re turn of Red Gerry Down Ski' 
Jacket picked up In HL 1128 Weds. afternoon 
4">3 9542 (2 /9) 

Lost · Sat nlte the 31st in USB · wallet 
R1Indy Lynn . 755·4649 · Karmic reward . (2/9) 

Found · Cornell letter man·s ring , blue stone, 
Inl MS Call 222· 1274. Rudy after 6 pm 
12 /9) 

lost Brown Ro ffe- Parkailboull /20. 755-
(),;q7 (;>1 11) 

Mrtflacl Woo We have your notebook at the 
TT Office . found In USB 2722 . 2·5·76 (2/9) 

lost Brown STETSON Cowboy H t Left "' 
Third Coli F· t 25 2·3 w ks ago 
REWARD. Call Chuck, 452-9454. (2/9) 

Found surfboard near Mu ir Apts Call 453-
3 (21 11) 

Lost - 4 weeks ago • 3 rings In girls gym 1 
' Iold und 2 SIIVCl son tlmental value R ward l 
4'>3. 116 (211 3) 

round • Watch on 2/4 .at bus stop 
C!Ossroad nd deacflptlon 10 POBox 
'1 ,3 &0 2113 (;> ,9) 

Whoev!'r took my lap player tepeS fr om 
IIIV Volvo PLEA E rPlurn tho e t pes of TV 

I!()w~ ~ my IrlendS· S1nllln9
' 

,Th.y'r 
Irrepla able and very Impon.nt to me -' 
PL ASE?! P. O Box 442t 


