
Student Fees Up_ All Over I 
The Nation, 'Not Just at UC 

by steve LemRD 
(CPS) - Money is again 

flowing from student wallets as 
they face tuition and other fee 
hikes upon returning to their 
campuses. While students this 
year are still $helling out more 
money than ever, some schools 
have already announced ad-
ditional hikes planned for next 
year. Student opposition, 
however, is scattered across the 
nation. The soaring tuition costs 
are met with moods ranging 
from submission to frustration. 

Student -lobbyists in 
California say they will be 
protesting a proposed across-
the-board registration fee in-
crease due for next year. The 
UC Board of Regents have 
mandated an across-the-board 
increase of $48, and in addition 
have given each campus 
discretionary power to further 
increase the reg fee up to $24 
next year and $21 the year after. 
Chancellor McElroy must make 
his recommendation on the 

incre~se for UCSD by Nov. 15. 
Tuition rose in New Jersey an 

average of $169 per student over 
last year. Undergraduate 
students of the State University 
of New York (SUNY) are 
paying up to $200 mora, while 
costs for graduates went up an 
extra $400. ' The University of 
New Hampshire upped tuition 
by $100 for residents and $390 
for non-residents. Students at 
the University of Massachusetts 
will see a total increase of $225 
spread out over two-and-a-half 
years. 

UCSD students may see their 
fees increase $93 over the nnt 
two years. And so it goes for 
students across the country. 
Student OpposWon FallIDg Off 
student ~positoin to various 

tuition and fee hikes has fallen 
off at the start of this academic 
year, a contrast to last spring, 
which saw two state capitols 
stormed, a . chancellor pelted 
with eggs and buildings taken 
over in protest of the hikes. 
Many student .groups are now 
attemptmg to act as legal 
collective bargaining agents. 
Other groups are lobbying 
legislators and registering 
people to vote against those who 
would raise their fees. 

Although a tuition increase 
has been passed in New Jersey, 
tudent Association (NJSA) .is 
taking credit for keeping the 
hike to a minimum. The 
president of N JSA, Frank 
Robinson, felt that actions 
taken last spring such as direct 
legislative lobbying, massive 
letter campaigns ' and demon-
strations, kept the increase $100 
less than originally proposed. 
Efforts in other state schools 
have not seemed as successful. 

An end to spiraling 
educational costs does not seem 
in sight. students returning to 
school are learning of increases 

. planned for next year, and 
student leade~ find their hands 
tied by .apathy. Kansas 
residents J.ace A .. increase 
next fall; non-residents $150. At 
Iowa State University, where a 
10 percent tuition increase is 
proposed for next year, the 
student president saw the lack 
of student concern as "a signal 
of the times." 

Lobbying Efforts Useless 
A tentative statewide plan 

proposed by the New York 
Board of Regents may increase 
state university students' 
tuitions by $1000, according to a 
study by the Student~ 

Continued on Page 6 

But Prqspects are Dim 

UC Requests Funding Increase 
In line with recommendations 

made by its finance subconunlttee, 
the University of California Friday 
asked the state for an 11.5 percent 
ir)crease in funding for 1977-78. The 
request is part of a record $2.2 
billion budget request. 

Although total UC enrollment is 
expected to be virtually unchanged 
next year, and statewide 
enrollment projections indicate a 
decreased enrollment demand 
after the 197~ school year, 
University of California President 

- Saxon indicated that the increase 

in the bUdget request would cover be needed to offset increases that 
"a very small fraction of the will be needed in the years after 
urgent needs" at the nine cam- that. 
puses. Brown's Unwillingness 

Governor Brown has cut UC's The budget will be submitted to 
budget considerabaly over the last the Legislature, along with 
two years. Aides in the Finance Brown's alternate proposal. It is 
Department are already expected that the Governor's 
questioning the need for an in- proposal will be significantly lower 
crease well above the rise in ~ than UC's budget request, and will 
enrolhnent and the rise in in- differ most appreciably in capital 
flation. However, Saxon has improvement expenditures. Brown 
already pointed out that even with has shown increasing un-
next year's increase in the willingness to fund new capital 
registration fee state support will projects or give funds to im-

plement existing ones. Third 
College, Step II has been meeting 
these obstacles. The governor is to 
sign the final state budget by next 
June 30. 

The budget approved by the UC 
regents without dissent calls for 
$723 million in state support, a $75 
million increase from last year. 

Saxon said inflation had hit the 
university particularly hard. He 
said more than half of the proposed 
state increase was to cover in-
flation. 

Democrats 
Schedule 
Noon Rally 

This Wednesday at noon the 
UCSD Democrats and 
Progressives are holding a 
" Democratic Rally" and 
educational forum on the gym 
steps. 

Appearing will be Assemblyman 
Larry Kapiloff, congressional 
candidates King Golden and Pat 
Kelly, and state Assembly hopefuls 
Tim Cohelan and Ron Kirkemo. 

The agony of defeat-MiI<e Schein shown in action during one of the Tritons' 
two losses in the All-Cal soccer tournament held this weekend at UCSD. See 
story on page 8 . (TT photo : Chris Sherman) 

Additiona lly , a " special" 
mystery guest celebrity is hoped 
for. Music will be played. 

Unorthodox Harris Challenging McCloskey in Bay Area 
by Rlebard K. Yep 

Staff Correspoadeat 

SAN FRANCISCO-Wbo .. . David 
Harris? 

Political observers call 1m 
congressional campaign the best 
organized in the United States. 

He is challenging Paul ' 
McCloskey, the "maverick'" 
Republican of the House of 
Representatives. 

He has served a 20 month prison 
term for draft evasion (he would 
not accept a student deferment, 
and then resisted induction into the 

I 
: David Harris (IT photo : Laurie Yip) 

armed services.) 
Folksinger Joan Baez would call 

him her ex-husband. 
To say that David Harris, 30, is 

just another Democratic 
congressional candidate would be 
a gross understatement. 

The former student activist is 
currently locked in a political 
battle with McCloskey, another 
unique individual. 

This political duel is taking place 
in the San FranciscG Bay Atea's 
12th ,Congressional district, which 
represents over 463,000 peoPle, 60 
percent white-collar workers. 

Harris' campaign has had to be 
well~rganized. When he began his 
challenge for the Democratic 
nomination for Congress 17 months 
ago, not many thought he would get 
half as far as he has. 

Harris is not a hand-shaking, 
baby-kissing candidate, but rather 
one of the new, "realist 
politicians. " He has done his 
homework, and is well-versed on 
many topics. When be is stumped 
by a question or unsure of a fact, he 
won't dodge it. He says he doesn't 
know, and then does a follow-up. 

Hia Ideas for America are 
rather far-reaching, yet, as he 
delClibes the method of im-
plementation for his plans, a 
penon can begin to understand 
that, although radical, they make 

some sense. 
When speaking on energy, 

Harris says he believes con-
servation is the alternative to the 
Ford Administration program. 
Harris' plan begins by taking a 
careful look at energy consumption 
and penalizing those who use the 
most energy, 

"We should maintain lifeline 
rates on the federal level so that 
there is a basic amount of energy 
for consumers at cheaper prices, 
and decontrol prices after that, so 
that big users will lead the effort in 
conservation," says Harris. 

Harris believes this conservation 
program will cover America until 
some alternative energy sources 
are available. Harris would also 
like to see more legislation in 
support of solar energy. 

As for the oil companies' 
monopoly, Harris believes 
divestiture is a good principle. 
"Clearly, there is a real lack <i 
market place competition in the 
energy industry." 

Although he sees many problems 
with the Humphrey-Hawkins Full 
Employment Bill, Harris says he 
will support It if it is the only option 
available. He feels that we must 
"commit ourselves wholehear-
tedly to a policy of full em-
ployment. 

"The key to solving unem-

ployment is tax reform, shifting 
the burden of taxation upward in 
the income scale, so the money at 
the bottom of the income scale can 
be used for housing, better food, 
the staples of life," he says. 

Described by many as a " fighter 
for the underprivileged," Harris 
was asked whether he would be 
able to represent a 60 percen~ white 
collar district, where less than five 
percent have incomes below the 
poverty level. 

"Sure," he answered. " I don't 
see any problem with representing 
different kinds of people. The 
social programs I've talked about 
are for all of us." 

In summing up his candidacy, 
Harris said, " After spending all 
my adult life trying to change 
people's votes, I couldn't figure out 
why I coul<in't go to Congress and 
vote myself ." 

From the beginning one and a 
half yea~ ago, the Harris cam-
paign has tried to insure that their 
support was. 't just from young 
people (although be admits much 
of his support WlU be from people 
of his generation) . 

Harris is hoping for a broftd bIlse 
<i support. " Without it, I won't win, 
that's for sure." 

Most financial contributions to 
the campaign have av raged about 
$30. Whil Harris claims that, 

ootin d OD Pag • 



.. 

.. 

..... 

times 
signed editorials rl'p~.nt a majority opinion of the Triton Times Edltoria 
rd. which Is composed of Executive editor David Ellen. Managing ed 

rk Stadler, News 'IdItor Alan RuneU, Statewide editor Alec: Nedelman. 
ommunlty editor Vera T odorov and Opinion editor Ran Anbar. AD slgne 

terial and artwork represent the author's Opinion and do not neceSlllliI 
fleet the views of the Triton nmes. 

Editorials 

Coop Factions And 
. SBPC' Abolition 

THeD In hi pare form, tbe Stude ... Cooperative Is a pod Idea. After aU, 
DOt maDy progressive people call be against a goverameatal ItnIctare 
tbat aUOWI everyone affected by It to participate. It represeata 'tbe 
ultimate espreuloD of seU-govemaace. 

But the ... t .two yean bave sbawD tbat aay government II oaly Mgood 
•• tbOle who operate It. The Coop baa been lakeD apart by factio .. and 
cUqaes that have divided It aDd slaDed Ita precesses. 

Now ~temal Aftaln Coordinator ADdy ScbDelder says he's goblg to 
take OD the faetlou. '11IlI development Is especially surprising beca .. e 
Scbnelder ha. beeD an ardeat Coop defender these put weeb. SebDelder 
says be wanta to bring the factioDl tOiether to aDow the Coop to work 
smoothly. ., 

tritoa limn MI.",,; 0eWIer1l, 1111 

Letters to the Editor 

"Curb Slanders and Mudslinging" 
'Ibis letter II in rebuttal to three 

letters wbicb appeared In the 
October 20 TrItoa 'l1mea critici11n8 
my October U article on lIlepl 
aliens. In particular, It la 
nece8ll8ry to note the Irresponsible 
and Immature upecta ol two ol the 
letters. 

One letter, by M. Elcan, referred 
to me as "Hitler resurrected," and 
another, signed by nine 
organizations, refer. to my 
prOposals as "coinciding with 
those ol the American· Nazi Par-
ty." Such calumniate and baseless 
slanders and Hbels t»ear witness to 

. the cbildlab Irresponsibility ol their 
writers. Mr. Elean and the nine 
organizations should all grow up, 
graduate from ~ nursery scliool 
of mudslinging and nameealling, 
and learn to face issues squarely 
and logically. 

Mr. Funk and the nine 
organizations did present some 
statistics and several definite, 
valid points of disagreement which 
provide a basis for responsible 
discussion .. 

However, MECHA, BStJ, and 
seven other groups condenmed the 
TrltoD 'IbDeI for.prirjing my ar-
ticle, caUing it "a racist ideology." 

1be word "racist" II very 
frequently improperly and 
irresponsibly UIIed, as it was used 
there. 

and groups are condemning free 
lpeeeh, one ol our basic freedoma! 
A careful loot willllhow you that 
theee groups are actually the 
people wbo are tlna~ our 
democracy in this manner. They 
feel that speech should be "free," 
81110118 as no one dares to diaagree. 

It takes some effort to treat 
AIao, the nine organizations issues on a ' pioper level and 

caUed my article "a mentality that esereiae the necessary aeU-eontrol 
real democracy-lovlng people... to ~ slanders and mudalinging. 
should be aware ol." In con- That effort, bowever, II deflnitely 
denming the TrItea TImea for worth it. 
publishing tbe article, tbeIe people JEFF FDRON 

I K \ L L I-f WJ ( ! --~ ~. c..f0l,fr L. E T / t/..t 
!;v. ~ ~ NAZI f'1~ ~ . 11//1 31y ~ ~"tfIi4r.t;Ju,..,fY . 1/1f.J1' . ~ I :,"',:-,'.::; ... jI)(1 TI-I/J.Jc:j I'~ 

~~ . 
I~~ P .~ 

We wish him luck. 'lbe Coop Is divided In many way., bat perhaps the 
deepest ICblam hJages on the Student Body PresldeDtl' CoUDdl. Some Fen to n's 
Coop memben propoee .It should be aboUshed. 

. It would be foolilb for the Coop to eadone' such a positiOD for several 
reBSODI. ForemOlt among them II that SBPC II the only stade ... voice C · t· 
tbat C8D -with the help of the Student Lobby- deal eHecUvely with the r I I CS 
Board of RegeDts and the state Leglalature. The eoUDCo baa proveD to be 
an effective advocate for student posltlo .. on maDY luues. OIl the local 
scene, It Is on record supportiDg funds for Third CoUege, Unit Two, a I nsensl·t·lve 
project dear to the hearts of mOlt UCSD students. . 

'lbe only thing the Coop would gain by supporting such a posldoD Is ' 
Increased separation from the other elgbt UC campaaes. 

Schneider also says the Coop hal beeD ln~reaslngly domiDated by one 
viewpoint-that of the faction wanting to aboUah SBPC. We agree, aad 
believe the Coop ideology to be Isolated from that of tbe bulk of UCSD 
students. 

U the Coop ever hopes to become what ita memben already wistfully 
claim it to be-tbe official student government-It must open ItseU to allow 
an students views, "conservative" "liberal"or "radical," not just thOle 
which meet lis satisfaction. 

UCSD Sports Program 
A rumor circulated UCSD late last year tbat the Ad~lsory Committee 

on Student Fee Programs plaDDed to ease some of Its money problems by 
eUmlnatiDg the intercollegiate sports program. FlmiUy, the committee 
did allot enough money so the program could continue, though several 
teams were eUmiDated due to rising costs. 

A thletic Director Judy Sweet will soon be presenting a proposed budget 
for next year to the. committee. Sweet will ask for B. t budget hllre part of 
which will cover iDcreased womens' sports travellDg costs, as they have 
been forced to play a majority of their games lD ·tbe Los Angeles area 
beginning next year. 

We believe that UCSD students are proud of hoth our lDtercoUegiate 
and Intramural programs, and wish to see them continue. Only a brief 
look at the numbers participating Is needed to prove I,. 

!IiIb~ ..... re'f""'mmH"''''''lbalinm .... .. _ ~ 

,~,E~~,,':r~ ~ 412\1 
i YOU'TOW A,l " I let 36 ••• S'TIlL. A 'tEhi 13uc.S IN ~ 
11 T 'if 5'r'5'Cd,r--_ r I 
I 

• 

I 

Ever since that commentary 
by Jeff Fenton appeared in the TT 
(Oct. 13), I have been watching for .. 
and reading the various reactions MEl C II d I -
to it. I do not wish to make another C roy a e . nconslstent 
comment on Jeff's commentary, :te~g;:a~~.toaddreSSthose~hO In Handling· of Referendum 

Most of you have attack~ .~ I will here undertake to attack the controversies before 118 which 
for a supposed I;ack of sensltlYIty started with the ClYancellor's letter "charging" the Election Board to 
for the human ~bts ~ feelings conduct a campus wide referendum in the ninth week of this quarter. 
of others. Where IS yours. . When the Chancellor says, "I believe the referendwn to be the ap-

.Altho~h I personally disagree ' propriate vehicle to insure student preference Is followeii," I agree with 
With ~eff s commentary, ~ll.he has him. That his "charge" to the board is the proper way to accomplish this 
done IS to p~t forth an o~lon. He is inconsistent. If you want to insure student preference, you do not force 
has not tned to force ~t upon your wishes on them. ' 
anyone, he has just sta~ It. What Now I want you to see Article 5 of the Elections Board Code of 
most of you have done IS la~ch a Procedure. This code was approved by the Chancellor a year ago. It 
personal attaCk. upon Jeff h~lf, states that "the Board is vested with the responsibility and authority for 
even to th~ POint ?f ?Blling him enforcement of this code of procedures ... 
another Hitler. This .IS • not only Article 5 
rude and cruel, but It IS totally B. 3. A referendwn may be ~lled by anyone of the . 

Wl~lle,d for. . following: 
I inVIte yo~ to publicly disa~ree .., a. Request by petition of 20% of the registered 

wtth anyone S ?plnions, espeCially eligible students. 
my own, f?r thIS. opens the way to b. Request by any three of the following: (list of all 
much dlScu.sslOn by . '!hich college councils and the Student Coop) 
everyone profits. In fact, It IS my 
belief that it is not only your right 
but your duty to do so. 

However, it is not within your 
rights to attack the author of an 
opinion unless, of course, you are 
proposing that the author 
possesses none of the rights and 
feelings that you are claiming and 
defending for everyone else. 

MARY PFOST 

I will mention another inconsistency ol the ChanceUor's letter 
"charging" us to hold a campus wide referendum. He admonishes UI to 
follow ·"our own rules", in hurrying up the election 80 88 to precede the ' 
10th week, and in the same letter charges the Board to hold an election. 

The inconsistency here II not that the CllanceUor baa violated the 
Elections Board Code of procedures but that he has charged the Board to 
action, which the Board, subject to its code, has no power to comply. 

We could of course amend the code. By ~ vote we could give ourselves 
or anyone else the power to call elections at will. I am against that 
alternative. 

CoDUaued OD PaRe 3 i-d??1 
_ ~ Semester System is Ac~demically Sound 

- -- . - - As a newcomer to UCSD from a or as demanding as specializing in PhYSics?) I knew one student who 
te~ ~ear ~~iation with an in- one difficult course, such 88 per- learned computer language by 
stitubon utilizing the 4-1at calen- fecting a foreign laOguage or even spending an interim session 
dar, I was overjoyed to see the being Introduced to a foreign programming print outs of cartoon 

. accurate pi<;ture Hazel Alksnis language, perhaps In Mesico and characters. , , 
J. 'f" ~-' drew of the quarterly system Europe. ,,_-_~ __ ~ .J:_2.'=_. ~) ;, ,'''r~ --. currently in operation at the Andtblnkoftheopportunitlesfor 

.____._ - - --'----- . _, / - - , ,,--. --........ ------- University of California. Independent study through travel" 
- ?- -~-~ - -- .- ~ ,;' The quarterly cycle and its during this interim session. 

-- - , - inherent deadlines keep us all eye- Learning does not always take 
---. -' 

• 1-. ~ ---
~ _----~~ .... balling calendars and racing place in a cla81 room situaUon. One 

~ through weeks, counting days in could approach cultural studies by 
. ~=====.:j~=======./========~ three quarter time. uaing this Interim month to visit r The 4-1-4 calendar (4 month historical sites, museums and 

The Triton Time. IJ publlal1ed by UCSD SludenlS as an ort lelol sludenl ""wspapar. semester, 1 month Interim, 4 theaters, both in our country and 
Publ ication II on vlondays. Wednesdays ond Fridays during Ihe regular achool year month semester) can not only slow others. 
(excepl on official nolldaYI'. Editorial and business off ices are located In the Siudeni US down to smell the sea breezes, it Right here on campus there are 
Cenler at the University of california. San Diego. For editorial . call 45 2·~6; for business can produce, during the four week many opportunities for one DlOI&b 
and display advertillng , call 452·3A68. int rim I 

Leue" to lhe editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All aUbmillSIQ!!.S musl be typed e sess on bet",een holidays lndepth Interim studies of almost 
and dOU~..!.e!.oeo on a 74-Space line. They shOuld not exceed 1.1/2 pegealn lenglh. and the start of the second any discipline or even a series ol 

Submltled material mUll bear the lIeme and sludentldenuiicatlon number of Ihe author semester, a tbne to experiment in one-week modular work shope or 
Names can bewllhheld from publication on requeal; hOwever the nam .. will be held or. file depth with one discipline. One can courses crossing dlscipUnes. 
for publ ic Inspection . be as frivolous as approachiJIg Interim can be a filii time to ex-
• t~~e~~I~;";!::~ re88fVee the righl 10 edll submissions because of space IImltal lons or math and logic through "Learning periment in learning. (Have you 

EntirecorllentscopyrighI1976.theTrilonTimes. How to Play Chess" (ever read evel'thought "Learning How to 
Alice in Wonderland as an adult?) Hang Glide" might turn you on to 

,. 

Importantly, it might iM:pcllllible 
to join the hundreds ol coDes- and 
universWes aCl'08l the cowtry 
participatln, in . an Interim 
~xcbanle PJ'OII'8ID that literaUy 
opens up tho .... ol COUJ'IIII for 
standard credlta. 

I could continue, aDd I'U be 
happy to answer any qaestioaI I'1J 
support any decillan to mew. 
toward a 4-tat cllendar. n fa 
logical, academicaDr and a~ 
milUtratively IIIUIId, aad a viable 
solution to slow III don aad enjoy 
the vttaUy impoItIIi lumint 

processes~ .... 
SALLY 1DCK0It 

AlIOClale Be"" 

. triton time8 

Cancer 'Treatments Ineffective 
• by Malcolm Smith some tumor regression, and there 

may be some life prolongation; but 
This article II the first In a series the effect of these methods is 

on cancer, ita treatment and relatively minor, and actually 
possible cure. I will BSlume that resulta in a cure only in a few 
you pouellS both a rudimentary . relatively rare twnors. 

In our next article we wfll ex~ 
plore some of the reasons for ttle 
low efficacy of chemotherapeutic 
drugs, and wlll try to discover why 
some twnon can eHectively resist 
the onslaught of chemicals and x-
ray •. We wlll find that tumors 
exhibit certain characterlatics -
restricted blood flow, large in-
tereappilary distances, low oxygen 
and glucose concentrations, - that 
both impede the effects of standard 
medical techniques and provide 
the buis for a new approach to 
treatment. 

knowledle of the nature of can-
cerous tissue and a poeraI idea ol 
such tbinp .. the link between 
cancer and IDIIIkh~. In the nut 
three articles, I will attempt to 
present a meehaniam that shows 
great promiae in tile treatment ol 
cancer, In a form that does not 
require a knowledge of 
biocbemlatl'y to UDdentand. In 
subsequent articles, I will consider 
the effects·Of diet on the incidence 
of cancer, and take a look at the 
cancer establlshmenL 

~Mark McCarty, a uam medical 
student currently on a leave ol 
absence, will be my primary 
source for the first three articles -
in later articles, other researchers 

It should also be remembered 
that cancer is not some monolithic 
entity - there are great many 
ldQds of cancer, and each will react 
differently to treatment. Talk of 
finding "a" cure for cancer is 
somewhat analgous to talk of 

I meeting "the" communist threat-
it implies a unity that does not 
exist, and tends to oversimplify the 
problems. 

and other viewpoints will be Mark McCarty [IT photo: Bill 
considered. Brooks] 

It should be understood that the 
mechanism I am going to present 
is, at best, controversial; the 
reader is 'cautioned to remember 
that much of this is still in ex-
perimental stages ol development 
and has yet to undergo estensive 
clinical trials on humans. 

It is necessary to begin with the 
generally accepted approaches to 
cancer therapy. Medical treat-
ments fall into three broad areas : 

I. Surgery 
2. Radiation Treatment 
3. Chemotherapy 
Surgery results in a cure only in 

WE \l!P., AU 
JUST RE*lM 

GUYS! 

us A6II!CUL'ME SE<IE-
TAlZlES AIN'T NO ~v 
JOfS-'Jt)U'O N&V51t 
SU6SS ~AT WE'VE 

RE'AU.'I UI<£r-
'------4 

a few cases - 50 % of breast can-
cers can be successfully cured by 
surgery, bqt by no means all 
cancers are as easy to deal with. 
Successful surgery is dependent 
upon early detection, and is ob-
viously innefective In such non-
tumorous cancers such as lukemia. 

Radiation treatments are ef- McElroy ... 
fective ip a few cases, such as 
Hodgkins Disease, while other 
cancers are more resistent. The 
treatments typically call for 
relatively high radiation doses, 
and Is usually carried out in con-
junction with surgery and/or 
chemotherapy. 

The primary chemotherapeutic 
drugs fall into two broad 
categories, the anti-metabolites 
and the alkylatlng agents. Both 
attempt to c1isrupt the 
reproductive cycles ol cancerous 
tissues, and are mostefficacioua 

I ~o ~ough, strongly favor a referendum to elect a student government, 
for It IS necessary for the students to have representatives with real 
power to negotiate with the administration. No administrator should have 
the audacity to make a set of rules one year and then blatantly disregard 
them the next. I 

I would like to see all the people on this campus act in a more 
reasona ble manner toward each other, both students and administration. 
I ha ve spoken and would dearly love to hear other voices. 

PETER STONE 
Election Board 

Fourth CoUege Representative 

when the cells are in their A' NN--'NCIl:.MIl:.NTS 
reproductive or s phase rL growth. ,,"v ~ ~ 
(ThIs is more true for anti-
metaboloids than for alkylating 
agents) However, these drugs are 
non-specifiC, and attack the host 
along with the twnor. 'lbe host 
tissues that are most affected are 
the cells that have high 
reproductlve rates - such as the 
bone marrow, the intestinal tract, 
and the hair. The patient, 
therefore, may experience some 
relief from his cancer only to suffer 
from anemia, a disrupted digestive 
tract, baldness, a reduced capacity 
to fight infection, poor 
imWloresistence and a tendency 
towards hemorrhaging. 

H you have the impression that 
standard methods of treating 
cancer are both not very effective 
and risky to the patient, you are 
correct. Patients may es rience 

EAB, EAB, EAB, meeting Thursday The UC SOfl Diego Students for 
night, 8:00 pm at 4th floor Bloke Solar Energy has announced plans 
Hall. All members (anyone at lost to begin publishing on Energy 
meeting), please br ing a friend. ~ Journal. Students are invited to 
Women's Center meet ing Thursday 
Oct 28, 3:00 p. m. All Women 
Welcome. 
AClU dinner meeting Thurs. Oct. 
28, 6:00 pm inside the Coffee Hut. 
We'll discuss complaint . board 
plans, police practices on campus 
and other campus civil right issues . 

-3rd College Program Boord 
presents Roman (Chunky) Sanchez 
Cohen . A slide presentation 
w/ music ("lifestyles & history of 
the Chicano") Thursday Oct. 28, 
APM Fireside lounge . 

submit papers on any aspect of 
energy. Papers on nuclear energy, 
olternative sources of fuel , or the 
legal and socioeconomic im. 
plications of new energy polic ies 
are all appropriate topics for the 
Energy Journal. Papers are being 
accepted now for the Fall 1976 
volume. Deodline is the end of the 
fourth week. Papers submitted 
after th is dote w i ll be cons idered 
for later volumes. Papers may be 
subm itted in. care of The Editor, 
Energy Jour nol . Studen t 
Organization Office of Students for 
Solar Energy. 

Page 3 

****************************** 
: Fou~th College Elections to Ratify i 
: Student Government Constitution ~ 
.. * 
.. Wednesday October 27 * 
: Thursday October 28 ~ 

~ ! ~ Polling Placell ~ 
il ReVf!lIe Plaza 1 Oom-2pm * 
.. EDNA atthe Stud~nt C~nt~r lOam-2pm'" t 302 MC-Fourth College Provost 100m-4:30pm * 

. '?o I ,.. 
.............................. 

OLDTOWN 
'rABl.AI.E 
PJUf'lIOKY 

bidwi 

darts 
• musIc 

WED. OCTOBER 27 
8:00 - midnight 

1;HIRD COLLEGE SnacilBar 



..... tritOB ti~e. 

Ale. 8adIII Art EUIbItIe., Mandeville Art . GaUery. Smith, called "one of the most 
eophiwtic:1Ited, witty and utute conceptual artl8ta, will display "Star Material." Gallery 
bourI are DOCIl tol p.m. Sun. tbrough Fri. 'lbrougb Oct. 31. 

Noon 0.1 po - c. ........ wrestling room. 
1~2 pm - Ftik Daaee, Rec. Conf. room. 
3 pm - s,.ee BeMaM ... tile New .alnpbysle., room 23331UrSS Bldg., Muir. Dr. Wing-

Hoen Ip, "Dynamical Study of Jet Stream Structure." 
3 pm -MedbIC. Revelle RHB (Residence Hall Board). CommlUlity Center Conference 

Room. 
U pm - Table teaaII, Rec. Coni. room. 
4 pm - CllemJatry Departmeat SemIur, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Russell Doolittle, 

"The Structures of Fibrinogen and Fibren." 
4 pm - Seminar: Dr. Charles G. Sibley, Peabody Museum of' Natural HIstory, Yale 

University· DNA Hybridization: A Molecular Approach to Evolution and Systematics. 
Host: Dr. Michael Soule. 2105 Bonner Hall Department of Biology SemiDar. 

4 pm - DluertaUoa Defeaae, room U66 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Richard Asley, Dept. r:i 
Economics, "Postponed Linear Approximations in Stochastic Multlperiod Pr!)gramming." 

4 pm - SoUcI Mecbuics aJId Strueturel Seminar, room 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Prof. 
Ch8rles D. Babcock, cal. Tech., "StructuraIMecban1cs Problems of Marine Pipelines." 

4 pm - Theoretical Solid State Pby.lcs Semlaar. Speaker: Dr. Shang-Keng Ma, U~D. 
Topic: Renonnalization Group by Monte Carlo Methods. 

4 pm - Dr. Richard J. MUler, Molecular Biology Department, The Wellcome Research 
Lab., Burroughs Welcome Co., Triangle Park, N.C.: The Biochemical Phannacology of 
Opiate-like Peptides. Host: Dr. Floyd Bloom, Small Seminar Room. SalkJnstitute. 

4 pm - MeeUa&. RPB (Revelle Program Board). 
4-5 pm - Graduate Student UDion [GSUj Steering Committee open meeting. We will hear 

and discuss tape of recent KPFK program on grad. assistants in UC. Also, support for Prop 
14. Student Center Lounge Conference Room. 

4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
4:3().6 :30 pm- Gymnastics, South Balcony. 

~7 : 30 pm - Conditioning CQlCQ 
~7 : 3O-pm - Belly Dance, North Balcony. 
S-' pm - Aikido, East Conf. room Student Center. 8-9 :30 wrestling room. 
5 pm - Student Center Board Meeting. Student Center. 

~9 pm - Birth Control ClinIc. Rap Orientation (all welcome). Counseling, infonnation, 
appointments x2669. Student Health. 

5:3().Q:30 pm- Horseback Ridlug, La Jolla Farms. 
6-9 pm - Snow Ski, H&SS 1330. 
6:30 pm -Student Cooperative meeting. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
7 pm - Meeting of tbe Christian Science Organization ~ all are invited to attend. Revelle 

Infonnal Lounge. 
7: 30-11 pm - Chess Club Meets. All are welcome" Revelle Coffee Shop. 
7:30 pm - Adv8.nced meeting for all Transcendental Meditators. Title: "Unfoldment of 

the Fifth State of Consciousness." Revelle Formal LoWige. 
7:30 pm - Sports in China - slides, discussion and demonstration by Haxwell Howell. in-

ternational athlete - sponsor US-China Peoples Friendship Association. Mission Hills 1st 
Congregational Church, Jackdaw 8t. and Fort Stockton 8t. Free. 

8 pm - Israeli Folk Dance Club. 8-9 review, 9-10:30' dances by request. Rec. Gym Conf. 
Room. 

9:15pm-Movie. "Wizard of Oz". 5&Dirne.Free. 

U.S. Navy Officer Programs. For further information concerning this organization, and 
to sign up for an interview, please come into the Career Planning and Placement Service, 
Student Center Complex, Building B. 

NCR - Special Systems Division. For further information concerning this organization, 
and to sign up for an interview, please come into the Career Planning and Placement Ser-
vice, Student Center Complex, Building B. 

8:30 am -Meeting. RCCA (Revelle Conunittee on College Mfairs) . 
Noon 12-1 pm - Conditioning, Rec. Conf. Room, 
2:30 pm - Solid State Physics Seminar, room 2313 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. Alexei A. 

Maradudin, UC Irvine, "Dynamics of Solids with Rough Surfaces." 
3-5 pm - Vocational CounseUng Sessions. For students concerned about their occupational 

or vocational futures. Also, for students concerned or confused about their major. Advanced 
appointments req Ji ed. Call 3755 or 3490 for appointment. Robert Kavanaugh, Ph.D. leader. 
Revelle Counselor' Office. 

3-5 pm - Creativ~ Workshop: for students to improve creativity, creative thinking and 
creative problerr.-s,olving. DoUble creative powers with mental gymnastics. Dennis Lee, 
leader. To sign \Ifi , ~aU Becca at 452-3755. Meets"at -CoUnseling & Psychological Services, MC 
Bldg. 412, office N 15. 

4 pm - Chemlc.l Pbyaics SemiDar, rOO!" 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Dave Kliger, UC Santa 
Cruz, "Two-PhotnnSpectroscopy Using Thermal BloominK of Laser Beams." . 

4-5 pm - KarakE Balcony. 
4 :~:3Opm-~ Dltlel,SouthBalcony. 
~9 pm - Blrih ~ trol CUalc. Rap orientation (aU welcome) . CoWlselU,ng information and 

appointments x2(,6 • Student Health. 
5 pm - PoUtjou.nlal meetlag. HL 2550. 
6-7 : 30 pm - OatiDI Club, Rec. Conf. Room. 
6-7 :30 pm - StadeaIl-AeUve<-Towarda-CommUDity-Health weekly meeting. We welcome 

new members to come and also to participate in several of our new projects. Revelle 
Informal Leunge. 

7 pm - UCSD Folk Dancers - Balkan and line Dance Night. 7~ beginners. U :30 In-
termediate, 8::JG.I0: 30 dances by request. Rec. Gym Con£. Room. 

7: 30 pm - Babal Fireside - The 1st corrunutet oriented. Fireside for those finding it hard to 
return to UCSD wlll be held in Ocean Beacb at 5080 Voltalr"e St. Apt. 6 for all people in-
terested in the teachings of the Babai Faith. Call Danny or Tim for more infonnation at 222-
5202. 

9: 15 pm - "Easy" Uve musical entertainment. 5&Dlme. 

we day 
Naval UDdenfJI£ater [HUe]. For further Inf~tion co~eming uu. ol'lanllt8U,~ 

and to sign up for an inteniew, pleaae come into the Career Planning and Placement 
vice, Student Center Compla, BuUdIDg B. 

9-10 am - MoUvatloul Werbbop. For students who feel very lethargic And wunotlvaltel 
academically. The aim of the ~ will be to help the midept become more enUlusec 

. and more successful in his or her·academlc pursuits. HUCh Pates, Ph.D. and Robert 
augh, Ph.D. leaders. RevelieCounselor'IOffice . . 

10 am-2 pm (10am-4:30 pm·at 302 MC) - Foartll CoOele .taclat Pftrdlllel& 
ReveUe Plaza, EDNA, 302MC.I.D. card necessary. . 

11 am - Co-op WomeD's Ca_DC. meetlq. Meeting of the women involved (or interested 
becoming involved) in the Student Cooperative Union. Student Organization CoIIlfereno 
Room. 

11 :30-1:30 pm - Forum sponsored by UCSD Democrau' Propoeolvea, featuring 
candidates for Congress etc., music, and a special mystery gUest speaker. Gym steps. 

12-4:30 pm - Birth Coatrol CUalc. Appointments. counselling, infonnation CaU 
Student Health. . 

Noon - LImcheon Concert, Alcove,-Mandeville Center. Ed Harkins and 6 tnunpets 
perfonn. Free. 

12-1 pm - ConditioDiDg, wrestling room. 
12-1 pm - Noon coacei1l [ReveUe]. Last year's noon concerts are back this year, the 

will be this Wed. Tbegroupis "Anahata". Revelle Plaza . . 
12 noon - AMES %05, Seminar No.5, FUm Series. "Automobile Tire Hydroplaning 

Happens", 7104 Urey Hall. Free. 
12:30-2:30 pm - Sex ClIDic. For students seeking information or counseling about 

sexual fWlctioning. Hugh Pates, Laurie Kuhn, DalYM Proffitt leaders. Revelle CoIlIIlSE~lor'l 
Office (next to the Provost's Office) . 

1-2 pm - Folk Dance, Rec. Conf. Room. 
3-4:30 pm - Optical Signal Processing Seminar. Dr. Ralph Lovberg, U~D Physics 

"Sensing Earth Crust Motion Usin§ Long Range Interferomentry." APM :J218. 
3-5 pm - Male/Female Socialization Group. A group to explore the relations, eXlJecl;ation 

and stereotypes we hold a bout our sex, and the opposite sex, and how these 
Betty-Garcia-Bahne and Brenden Collins, leaders. Meets at Counseling and Ps'vcholoe:iCl 
Services, 412 Matthews Campus. Call Becca De Pue at 3755 to sign-up. 

3-6 pm - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. Room. 
~: 30-5 : 30 pm - Dro~in RAP Session: for Third College students. Co-leader Phil nalma4W 

Dennis Lee of Counselling & Psychological Senices-, RAP stands for : R for Re:lati,onshiJ 
(Le. partents, roomniates, classmates, dating, friendships); A for Academics 
finals , professors, tenn papers) and P for Personal Development (Le. sexuality,IOIM:un4:S: 
identity and job skills). Meets at MC. Bldg. 412, nn.13. 

4 pm - Calpirg meeting. 2nd floor, Student Organization Conference room, 
Center. 

4 pm - Pbyslcs Coloqulum, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. George Trilling, UC Belrkellel 
"Production of New Particles at Spear." 

4 pm - New Poetry Series, Formal Lounge, Revelle. Carolyn Forche, winner cA the 
YOWlg~r wiMer of.the Yale Younger Poets Award, will read selections from her 
Free. 

by Dr. Littleman 
We feel last week's dictionary 

definition of a triton did not meet 
our normally very high standards. 
Therefore, scattered throughout 
today's column you will find 
drawings and pictures of tritons, 
including the Triton reputed to be • 
relative of the god Neptune. Pleaae 

pick the one you like, and send it, 
two boxtops, and fifty cents in coin 
to DR. LlTTLEMAN, Triton TImes 
in the Student Center .. You woo't 
win anything bJit if we don't get 
enough questions by Wednesday at 
3:00 at least the money will make 
us feel better. 

Dear Doc: Your answer re: 
Innsmouth, Mass. was Quite 
wrong. However, I cannot tell you 
about Devll's Reef because "C' 
and the Deep Ones won't let me. 
For more information see the 
NECRONOMICON by Alhazred 
orhg4r. 

Dr. Llttieman: 'I found this in the 
typewriter of my friend, Ward 
Phillips, who bas been missing for 
three days. Do you know wbere be 
Is? 

Here is a drawing of the S-4 
submarine we correctly reported 
last week as having been raised in 
1928 off the coast of Provincetown, 
Mass.: 

Last week's questioo was a little 
too deep for us. But we do know 
that the answer to your friend'. 
submarine question can be found in 
a story by H.P. Lovecraft entitled 
''1be Shadow Over lnnImouth," In 
wblch the People of the town of 
Innsmouth make a dark pact with ' 
the devllilh Deep Ones. 'lbe 
"Necronomicon" Is a mythical 
work suppoaedly written by Abdul 
Alhazred around AD 730. The boOk 
never really existed but .,. 
thought up by Lovecraft for him to 
quote from In bII storie.. M to 
what baa happened to your friend, 
we lunest you look for him in the 
land of Erewhom. 

triton. time8 Page 5 

• 
IO/25~')O/31 

4 pm - VolleyllaU, Rec. Gym. UC San Diego vs. Grawnont. 
. 4-S pm - Karate, North Balcony. 

4: 30 pm - Deputmen& of NearoecieDeu Sembw. Speaker: Jack C. SIpe, M.D. Topic : 
"Neuro-ollcology: Current Concepg and Studies of Human Brain III vitro". 2100 Basic 
Science Bldg. " 

~:30pm-Juz,NorthBalcony. 
~ pm - C ...... IDI CllIb, wrestling room. 
6 pm - MaIr Oatlq Chlb meeting to ~anize outings, great and small. DIscuss wilderness 

experiences, wilderness teclmiques taligbt. Rec. Conf. Room. 
6-7:30 pm - BeDy Daaee, St_t Center. 
6-7:30 pm- Weekly IDformal CuilUaa meetlq in the Meaning of Christianity, sponsored 

by UCSD Catholic CommunIty. Religious Affairs Office 507MC. . 
· 6-9 pm - Ballroom Daaee Cub. 6-7:30 Beg, 7:30-9 Int., all members can corne·for the full 3 
hrs. RecGymConf. Room. Admlasionprice: clubdues. 

7-9:30 pm - C.-.eer Cboleet Worbbop. First part on Oct 27 and the second part to be held 
on Nov: 1. Sigq up in advance at Muir Residence Halls Office or Career Planning Office. 
Muir Apt. LouRge. 

7:30 pm - Trldeat CbrllUaa FeDow.bIp meetlq: Christians & non Christians please 
· come. Learn about yourself, others, God. Revelle Fonnal Lounge. Free. 

8 pm - Soac Cycle n, Mandeville Recital Hall. Works by Faure, Debussy and Ravel will 
be perfonned under the direction of John Large. Free. 

8pm-12 midnight - "Game Night" at the Pub - quillenge your friends to a game of bid wiz, 
hearts, spades, scrabble, dominoes, harts, you-name-it while sipping near-beer and mun-
ching pizza. Third College Snack Bar, Free. 

Hughes Aircraft. For further information concerning this organization, and to sign up for 
an interview, please come into the Career Planning and Placement Service, Student Center 
Complex, Building'B. 

10-2 pm (10-4 :30 pm at 302 MC) - Fourth College student government elections. Revelle 
Plaza, EDNA, 302MC. LD. card necessary. 

12-1 pm - Conditioning, wrestling room. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control CUnlc. Appointments, counselling, infonnation call x2669. 

Student Health. 
12 noon and 7:30 pm - "Guess Again" film on Women at UCSD followed by a discussion. 

Muir Apt. Lounge. 
12:30 pm - Sumner Noon Series, Sumner Aud., SI ). Dr. James Hall, will present a slide 

show on Ethiopia, its geography, history and people. Free. 
2-4 pm - Intervlewlllg TeclmIques and Practice Workshop. Prepare for your employment 

interviews. Learn bow to be more effective and self-confident through practice in-
terviewing. Please sign up at Career Planning & Placement, Bldg. B, Student Center 
Complex. 

2-4 pm - Men's CoascioUSDe8I Raising Group. A group will explore what it means to be 
male; how men relate to other men and women. Also, impact of women's liberation on men. 
John Andrews Ph.D. and Mel Karmen, Leaders. 412 Matthews campus, x3755. 

Whatever happimed to this, ground for this once common in-
whatever happened to that. This sect. Extension offers a class in 
week It's whatever happened to the which this bug is exhibited. There 
lecture notes, next week it'll be is also a recreation club called 
whatever happened to Hubert H. "The Ballroom Dance Club" which 
Humphrey. Most of the lecture studies the habits of people hit by 
notes sold last year were apo the Jitterbug an4 its relatives the 
parently used by the students who Foxtrot, the Cha-Cha, the Hustle, 
bought them. The group of students and the Tango, The club.-meets 

were who compiled the lecture notes Wednesdays from 6 to 9 pm and 
_ i.e. last have thrown in their "tpenclls and Thursdays from S"to 6:30. Check 

the way. The are now taking a class in How to with the rec. dept. for more details. 
duringthenext Succees in Business Without We were sent the picture below of 

once again Really Trying. No matter how hard . two of its more graceful members _ 
instead of they tried they couldn't make a learning a new tango step. 

can't s~ success of their lecture note 
longer you business. . 

Dean's Dear D.oc: Regarding your 
r' .. ~ .. au,,~. As to column on Monday, I would like to 

suggest you bear what success you have had In 
people above shooting down airplanes by means 
a wet rag to of "anti-artillery guns." [The 
stick, and emphasis Is to ensure that you 

their window don't miss my point, you dumb 
And if you're bunny!] 

doing win- " Although anti-aircraft guns work 
for you here best, anti-artillery guns will still 

blow a nice sized hole through U1e 
fuselage and serve the same 
purpoae. Remember, we were 
asked about low flying jets. 
Besidel, we're not 80 dwnb, ... and 
88 soon • we can offer you the 
reason - we'U print It. 

Dear Dee: Co &.t rare -.ect 
"tM .JltterIIq" lie ...... _ ... 
1!UlJIIIII? 

UCSD IHIIlI to be a breeding 
Continuinl in our occallonal 

releases r:i paI1I of the yet-to-be 
publ'ebetJ 12-code for CB'era, this 

- week we offer: 
12-2 Get your own towel, mine is 

wet already. 
12-91 Sa maniacs of the world 

unite! 
and our thouaht for the week -
12-20 A pill a day kefpa the stork 

Iway. 

DR. Ll'lTLEMAN 

2:30 pm - Plalma Pbyslcs SemlDar, room 2313 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. C.F. Dricoll, 
"Solitoolnstabillties on a Fenni-Ulam Lattice." 

3 pm - Team IlaDdball, Rec. Conf. Room. 
3-5 pm - VoeaUoaal ColID8ellDg8euloas. For students concerned about their occupational 

or vocational futures. Also, for students concerned or confused about their major. Advanced 
appointmentS required. Call 3755 or 3490 for appointment. RobertKavanaugh, Ph.D. leader. 
Revelle Counselor's Office. 
. 3:30 pm - CGlmochemistry SemIDar, room 2102 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. Hannon Craig, 
"Helium Isotope Geophysics: The Evolution of a Subject." 
, 4-S pm - Karate, North Balcony. 

4 pm - A.tropbyslel-S .. ee PIIYIIcs SemlDar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Roger 
Blanford, Cal. Te.ch., "How to Get Blood from a Stone (Black Holes )." 

4 pm -10gb EDergy Pbylles SemInar, room 1148 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Frank Henyey, 
"What is the Dominant Process in Highenergy Collisions?" 

4: 3().6 : 30 pm - Yoga, Adaptive Roool. 
4: 30 pm - Oatlq Cub, check-out storage area. 
5-6: 30 pm - Ballroom Duce Cab - catch all meeting. Meeting is for practice of both beg. 

and into clus steps. Rec. Gym Conf. Rm. Admission price: club dues. 
5-6 pm - Aikido, East ~onf. room. 
7 pm - Book of Mormoa ClMs ud L D.S. club meeting. All students and staff invited. 9527 

La Jolla Farms Rd. Little white house across frorn'noga halls. Free. 
7-10pm-FeaelDg, West BalcOllY. 
7 pm - Meeting. Revelle HP A (Hall Program Advisors) . 
7 pm - Meeting of Pisolitic Urauites. North Con. Room, Student Center. 
7:30 pm - Bible study on "Matthew" led by Campus Pastor John Huber. University-

Community C,hurch 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
8 pm - Coacert: Jon Bartlett and Mike Pratt Concert. English ballads and worksongs 

from the Northwest -also Sea Shanties. ~sored by I.W.W. Muir Cafeteria. Free. 
8::JG.U pm-Duce/Concert given by 1.W.W. Muir Cafeteria. 

. Me~yns. For further . information concerning this organization, and to sign up for an 
mtervlew, please come mto the Career Planning and Placement Service Student Center 
Complex, Building B. ' 

10 am·-12 noon - Resume Writing and Critique: A how-to-do-it workshop in resume fun-
damentals. If you have a resume (or a draft ) bring it for critique. Please sign up at Career 
Planning & Placement, Bldg. B, Student Center. 

12-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Appointments, counselling. infonnation call x2669. 
Student Health. 

Noon - Solar Energy Display, Revelle Plaza . Demonstrations of solar energy at work on 
display. Free refreshments. 

Noon - Speaker and luncheon - "What Do You Know About the Book of Monnon". 
Donation 50 cents. 9527 La Jolla Farms Rd. Little white house across from Tioga Halls. 

12-1 pm - Noon concert - Halloween festivities begin with a noon concert sponsored by the 
Student Center and featuring the haunting sOWids of "Copenhagen" . Gym steps. 

12-6 pm - Table Tennis, Rec. Conf. room. 
~~n -,~I?Ch~mis~ Seminar, r"oom 2100 BSB, Med: School. Dr. Wousses Hatefi, Scripps 

Chruc, Nlcotmarrude Nucleotide Dehydrogenation and Transhydrogenation by 
Mitochondria. " 

12 :05 pm - ~ari~e Blolo~y SemlDar. Speaker : Dr. Grant Bartlett, Director, Laboratory 
for Comparative BlOcherrustry. San Diego. Subject: Regulation of Oxygen Transport by 
Red Cell Phosphates. 307 Vaughan Hall. Sponsored by Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

2 pm - AMES-Bioengineering Seminar. Dr. Peter Butti and Dr. Anthony Koo "Current 
Bioengineering Research At U~D". 2100 BSB, Matthews. . ' 

3 pm - Topics In Respiration, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Ron Dueck " Effect oi: 
Assisted Ventilation on Pulmonary Gas Exchange." ' 

3: 30 pm - Field Hockey, Muir Field. UC San Diego vs. Stanford. 
. 4 pm - Volleyball, Rec. Gym. UC San Diego vs. USIU. 

4~, - .Org~c Chemistry Seminar, room 2622 USB, Rev~lle. Dr. Peter J. Stang, Uiv. of 
Utah, Vmyl Triflate Chemistry; Unsaturated Cations and Carbenes." 

4-S pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
8 pm - La Jolla ClvlclUniversJIy Symphony -Directed by Thomas Nee, Chairman Music 

Depannent. Peter Farrell, Cello; Cecil Lytle, piano. Works by Ives, Erickson and Brahms. 
UCSD Music Department. Mandeville Center Auditoriwn. General $3.00, students $1 .00. 

8 pm - UCSD Folk Dance Club· International Night. 8-9 review, 9-midnight dances by 
request. 

8:30 pm-12:3O am - Halloween Dance. Featuring " Celebration". Prizes awarded for best 
costume. Main Gym. Free to students with UCSD 1.D. 

10 am - 5 pm - "The Art of the Magiciu", a one-day seminar of instruction and fun with 
magic. Demonstration and instruction by V. Robert Allen. M.D .• a member of the Society of 

America~ Magicians. the International Brotherhood of Magicians, and Academy of Magical 
Arts, which operates Hollywood's Magic Castle. University Extension. Room 2100, Basic 
Science Building, School of Medicine, Matthews CampWl. $29.00 

10 am - Bicycle, Bike Shop. 
10: 30 am - Camping tours, Front walk. Central University Library. Conducted by UC San 

Diego students. Through Nov. 20. 
11-12 :30 pm - Alkido, Wrestling room. 
3:30 pm - Water Polo, Pool. UC San Diego vs. UC Irvine. 
5:30 pm -CatholJc mass. University Community Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
7 pm - Ffim •. "The HaWlting" and "The Other", Mandeville Auditorium. $1.25 ad-

mission. 
9 pm-I am - Halloween Dance with "Oysterman" held at the Central Library on the Third 

floor patio. Central library. 

.. 

8:30 am - C ..... Uc mao. University Community Church, 9595 La J lla Sbores Dr. 
10 am - [lAtIIenaj refonnation service with Fr. Eugene Burke. Luther's German Mass 

led by Campus Pastor John Georq Huber. University~ lU iunIty CfiulWI 9S9t LI& Jvlllt 
Shores Dr. 

12: 30 pm - EpIscopal Services. University CommWlity Church. 
3 pm - La Jolla CtvlclUntversity Sympbony - Directed by Thomas Nee, Chairman Music 

Department. Peter Farrell, Cello: Cecil Lytle, piano. Works by Ives, Erickson and Brahms. 
-U~D Music lJepartment. Mandeville Center Auditoriwn. General $3.00, Student $1.00. 

5 pm - CatbolJc ma ••. University Community Church, 9595 La JoUa Shores Dr. 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge - free bridge games - open to everyone. Revelle North Dining 

Hall. Free. 



..... 

(1(188 f ~§··Ju§t ~j4: 
I I (J£§() §tlJcI~l1t§ 

They're called Levi's for 
Men. But they're for 
anyone with muscles. 
Or a bigger frame. Great 
styles, in great fabrics. 
But now more comfort-
able. Sizes 34 to 42 . 

CPB Presents 

4688 CONVOY 
MISSION VALLEY 

Swiss Clown! Mime 
No"ember68:30pm 

Mande"lIIe Auditorium 
Students 12.50 

General Adm',,'o'; 14.50 

Third College 
Montrose 
Named New 
Assistant Dean 

by Laara Rkbier 
Staff Writer 

After am active years at UCSD, 
Susan Osborn Montrose baa been 
named the new Assistaqt Dean ci 
Third College. \ler interest in the 
College baa been made evident by 
her participation 88 counaelor in 
the Teacher Education Prosram. 
She is presently pursuing her M.s. 
degree in that field at San Diego 
State University. 

Cross-cultural environments and 
Third World activities occupy the 
majority of Montrose's energies. 
She has been an active member of 
women's groups, especially those 
in the corrununity. Her respon-
sibilities will vary. including 
organizing Third's Social 
Activities Program Board. 

Harris.. 
financially. his campaign cannot 
afford media saturation. his 
organization is noted for 
mobilizing volWlteers. In fact, his 
district · is saturated with the now-
familiar blue and orange signs 
proclaiming Harris' name and 
party affiliation. 

Although secretive about his 
organization 's current polling. 
Harris revealed that he may be 10 
to 15 percentage points behind 
McCloskey. Considering his odds 
17 months ago. he is improving. 

" Remember. I'm not supposed 
to win. " Harris sa id. But the 
politician in him surfaced when he 
predicted "We won't win this 
election until the last few days." 

Fees ... 
Association of State Univer· 
sities. Despite lobbying efforts 
and demonstrations by students 
of the City University of New 
York- they could not prevent the 
imposition of tuition fees for the 
first time in 129 years. 

Increased apathy. feelings 
that there isn't much that can 
be done. and becoming ac-
customed to the ever-present 
spectre of inflation may be 
leading students to continually 
expect hikes. As an Iowa 
student leader warned. " it may 
be a sign of the times ... it's sad 
and scary." 

W~lte Wllales 
8Qd 

OtlJer 
M eIQorab Ilia 
I challenged tbe ni&ht with my coUection Of Cbandler. 
Now it was day. and I felt as If I had gone tbroa8b a ceremonial 

initiation Into manhood. A JeltylVHyde tran8formation bad taken place, 
changing me fnm a mUd mannered reporter imo PIdlip Marlowe -
Raymond Chandler's sleutbe extraordinaire, the acid tongued, a.nI 
moving private eye. 

Grrrrr ...... 
I walked to the newspaper office and buried Dl)'8eIf in a .. per.r waited 

fora case. 
I found a woman. I decided that would do. _ 
Becky DeVinney. our Production manager and staff feminist, saun- . 

tered through the door. I surveyed her body. It didD't take any Phi Beta 
Kappa to realize abe was the kind rl cookie that Girl Scouts ne4er sold. 

" Hello. Alan," she said 
"The name's Marlowe." I re.plied. "I had a hard night. My ·heart 

doesn't move without java. Find me some." 
She stared at me. astonished. I went back to reading Dear Abby. At last 

she scurried to my commands. I smiled - Marlowe smiled - behind the 
paper. Women were the same. whether it be in Chandler's 3O's or 
Russell's 70·s. _ 

She returned, almost kowtowing ... Alan ........ she started. 
"Phil." I said. waving my hand condescendingly. 
"Here·s.you coffee. Phil." 
I didn't flinch as she threw It all over me. I should have. 
Wiping the scllldlng water from my eyes. I thought of Zeno, the founder 

of stoicism. and Chandler. the founder of hard private eyes. 
That determined me. I reached out and grabbed her, pressing the 

warm body close to my side. "1banks. I needed that," I said. "I like a 
broad who plays hard to get." 

She kneed me . 
Zeno be damned. I screamed.'A high pitched scream I may add. 
It's tough being a tough private dick. 

••••• 
I awoke in pain. my head slumped In the " Help Wanted" section of the 

paper. That perked my interest to check and see if there were any 
openings for eunuchs. No such luck. There was probably a glut even in 
that market. 

I checked my watch. and found it was time for literature class. I 
minced my way there. It was hard ignoring the wfUstles. 

The pain was relentless. After seating myself in class and listening to 
the professor's lecture it spread to another area. "What would Marlowe 
do?" I asked myself helplessly. and then the answer came. 

Hipflask. It always worked. Several swigs of scotch and Marlowe was 
ready to tackle the world again. . 

I lifted the metal container and swallowed deeply. 
I retched. . 
The professor kept talking. 
I tried my distilled medicine again. And again. And again. I began to ' 

understand why Marlowe drank so much. I began to W1derstand the 
mysteries of the universe. I even ·began to understand the professor's 
lecture. It was like a combination of religious experience and a highball. 

I was loudly humming the Battle Hymn of the Republic when the 
professor handed me back a paper I had written. I opened it up a page. 
and began to frown. My nicely typewritten paper had ugly red ink lines on 
it. Another page, more of the same. 

I swallowed some more scotch. and again became one with the cosmos. 
I began to chant a bawdy Irish hymn. I opened my paper to the last 

page and saw the B plus staring at me. At once, everything became clear. 
I W1derstood. 

"There is a conspiracy! "I shouted. 
The class shuddered. One token radical muttered. "right on." 
I was Marlowe. 
I was a hoWld dog on the trail. 
I was as drunk as a skunk. 

Continued OR Page '1 

r---:::~~:::::·~:~:~;:·:~---·l ;-----------------. 
! ~: Attention UCSD Community : 

There!§a 
difference!!! 

! II Help Stop the Boycoll of IsraelI 
! ! I The Dep.rt~nt 0' Com_<e ,., ...... ~._ .. , ••• 1 ~ ~ t tlfylng various Amertcan companies which hue agreed to t 
, t & participate In the Arab Boycott of I .. ael. • 
, 1 , The Union of Jewish Students appeals to all people In the 
, ) t UCSD community to Join us In solidarity In condemnation of • 

, ,those corporations, governmentl. and people who have sup· t 
' j ported the boycott of Israel. ( J' The United States. I;'ng a supporter of the oppruaed .nd long' 
, l & s supporter of brael. should as the mollt powerful nation of_. ~ '! ,world. lead the way to lItop thle terrible .nd unju.t practice 

! ' against the lIt.te of bra". t S liar· dana t In the long run thl. outrageous boycott I. aot onl, bIId f~rt 
I ,I.ael. but It I. bad for the United Stat .. becau •• It will man t 

, Jazz Dane· 8 Co. ',that. we .. a nation are not willing to .tand up for our bale 
, I 'rights and responsibilities. t 

, 'J' If you feel as we do about thl. m.lpractlce of corporate • I IIIembl, 12 8:30 Dm ,respon.lbility• wrtte the corportUon. and tell them how ,ou feel, • write the Dept. of Commerce and your 1 .... I.tora or drop bv our Ilu. 12.10. 8.A. 14.10 ~ t o~lce In the Student Center or call u. at452-4450. t 
t_~._ .. _~~~~~_~~~~!~~.~.~ .. _ .. _ .. j t _________________ • 

PREPARE FOR ; 

MCA ... Ov .. 35., .... ft. of e._ienee DAyand_-
LSA ... Sm.llel_ 

". Voluminou. ho .... ORE study mal"ial. 
Cour_lhat .. e AlGSa Oonabnll., upclstad 

OCAY 
CPAY 

T.pe f..,ilitias for 
review. of cl_ 

~n. end for u .. 
of_lIPI-tary 
mst .. i ... 

FLEX Make ...... for ECFIIG miJaad I_ns 
NAnlEDBDS 

SAT-V.' 
.SAN DIEGO CE~TER 

8r.ne .... in major US cit_ 
sndSwiu ...... 

...... " 0e ...... 1I, II'N triton time8 Pate? 

T RiYON TiMES ClAssifiEd ' Ads 
WANTEd 

Need housemat. by Nov .1 PB on Opall own 
rooml $1 07 - mnth 1 male or female/bus cIOM. 
488-1078. Nice pl_. (10/27) 
NeorolClences Depl. needs peraona for 
brain w .... expta. S2~50 / hr algn up In rm 3208 
Sverdrup HL 51 0 

Chlldcar. for 2 bebles e.p . & refs ONLY 
salary open . hours flexlbl. plus wkenda~II 
alterBlm 454·1514 (10/25) 

The UCSD Musicians Guild would IIkalo find 
bluegr.i-or CIW oriented mandolin . Ilddle 
o r baN play~ Int .... ed In lormlng a part 
time blind p ..... I .... name ... lIh Sandy at 
StudentOrQ . Bldg"' , 2nd Floor (10 /25) 
Hellconhellcon C005 Campus Mall 

hel lconhelicoo~"lconheliconh"lcon (10 / 25) 

Everyone Interealed In having an eleclronic. 
shop on campus ... rlle; Electronics Shop 
Ye. 1 P.O. Bo. 4330 (01271 
Need typl.t for book. Phone 755·5810 . 
(1 0 / 27) 

Student ert ....sed. C ... PE . CourM and Prof . 
evaluations. nM<ll drawl nos • photos . and 
cartoon. lor our nexl publication . Contact 
Palll at "S2-21!68. 

fOR SAlE 
Aluminum tank unused. Call 753· 2768 
(10 / 25) 
1971 Datsun plcI<·up with shell . Good 
condition . New tires. Bucket seats. 753-2582 
o r 753-2041 . (10 /25' 
Ever find yourM" try ing to carve a rOAst 
w/butler knife? If you can·t cut It . take a look 
al our Quality cutlery set . for only $17.00 . ... 
great .lIce for the prlcel Jeff 755-8998 . 
(1 0 / 25) 
UCSD- Skl Club membership cards on sale 
Oct. 258 am - 12 - Oct 29 8am - 3 pm al Sk i 
Club Office - so . east corner of Re""II. Caf • . 
(10/29) 
63 VW bu • . 7 ,000 ml. on new engine. Charlie . 
evenings. 755-2346. $800 or best . (10/27) 

Sailboat . laser $700. Call Charl ie eves. 755-
2346. (10/27) • 

Vivitar .uper amm. zoom lens. U ght meter. 
Best over $75. Charlie . e .... , 755-2346. 

7"Z' Diamond ta" surfboard good conditio ... 
shaped by Mike Perry $55. Call after " ;30 453-
9033. (10 /27) 

Brand new electric broiler fry pan make 
casseroles. baked potatoes. (525) Tom Bo. 
475 Solana Bch . 92075 (1111) 

Ski Snowbird & Alta Utah with ttie UCSD Ski 
Club Nov 24 - Nov 29 $129.95- ticket. on . ale 
at the Cam pu. Box Off . (11 /3 ) 

White Whales ... 
The professor made some witty 

conunent about Plato and alcohol 
I replied with something that 
rhymed with witty. Then I at-
tempted to physically point out my 
B+ . Somehow I kept missing my 
mark. 

"What you see here," I said to 
the class, "is a B+. Somehow I 
always get a 8 pillS. I want to know 
why." 

The professor blanched. He 
began to move away. He !mew 
what was happening. 

I pointed to his cringing figure. 
" He is with 11IEM," I said. "A 
member of ... " 

"No." Interrupted the pralessor, 
trying to weasel his way out 
" Wbat you are saying is quite 
ludicroll8. In fact. Milton had a line 
to describe such behavior. Let me 
think jlllt a moment ...... 

"Shut uP. twit." I said 
menacingly, giving him a look that 
Marlowe would have been proud 
of. "I undentand everything now. 
54 straight 8+'s and I didn't see. 
Now I do. All of YOU will be CIt· 
posed." 

The little man paled. He licked 
his liPS. and saw no MCIlJ)e. He 
rasped ou\ a line from 
Shakespeare. and then, before I 
could react, produced some 
cyanide tablets and swallowed 
them. 

A ReveUe student _ed the 
profe .. or to repeat hi. 
Shakespeare quole, as he had not 
gotten It down in his notes, but It 
was too late. The man was dead. 

Wlale my _reb into the con-
spiracy wu jUlt betllnninI ..... 
NEXT WEEK: "DEEP'I1IROAT" 

~ I 

VVh at Is h·lgher consclou. ness? Come and 
lind out about the sclenc. of energy flow . 
Every Friday In USB 305OA. 7;30 ~ . m . Free to 
all . Call 755-0816 lor lurther Inlormatlon . 
(10/29) 

Classical gullar lesson • • technique, plec ... 
segov ia method beginners we lcom~ 
.... on .. le 4501· 1736. • 

Party for all Interested In Chin .... Studle • . 
Refreshments 5th floor P. ych-L lngulstlcs 
Thurs. Oct . 28 4-&. • 

housiNG 

M rmate to share 2 bdrm house PB. grad 
sludent . nonsmoker. Call ~1947 e"" • . & 
wkend • . (10/ 27) 

Female roommate wanted for 5-bdrm . beach 
front hOme. 130/mo. In Del Mar. 755-8230 or 

7~5-8236 (10 /27} 

Room In communal house In Hillcrest near 
pari< with 4 other people $60 . mo pl us utliities 
299-5909 (10 /25) 

2 rooms for renl. Htd pool . laundry taclls. 
bu. line. all there . Private bIIth. $100. 5 min • . 
from UCSD 292·021 3 (10 / :15) 

Condo for rent Del Mw Beach Club. Sleep. 
four-on beach front . Phon. 755-5810 (10 /27) 

Female rmmate needed to ahara 2 bedrm apl. 
P.B. SIlO & utll . Call 27O-04eOafl. 8p .m. 

, 

Country typa to ahara my hOUM In rural Del 
MwSI25 /mo 756-.. 130St_ .... hley (11 /1) 

Female roommate wanted own rm I blk from 
Urey Hall $6O/mo no pets grad pref Peter 
Rlchwd Kathy 453-1955. 

I roommate needed male , to share house 
with 3 students private room 3 m l away $97 
monthly . plus 1/4 utll & ph piano. Phone 45$-
1953 (10(29) 

· 4 roornates wanted : 2 1n 3 br 2 baapt wi pool. 

Drum Lessons. Congas , bongos & other 
In.lruments - Lalin /Afrlcan/Jazz rhyt hms . 
It·s fun 1436-5778 evenings. Ray (10 / 25) 

LOSE unwanted pound. & Inches . Easy way 
to lose weight and keep II off ! Call Lynn 481· 
8290 (12 / 6) 
AC"DEMIC RESE ... RCH PAPERS . 
Thousands on file. Sand $1.00 for your 192· 
page. mall orde/catalog . 11322 Idaho Ave .• 
':I06H. Los Angeles, Calif . 90025 (21 3) 477-
11474 . (12 /6) 
Spa/1 lsh and French private leolOns. 234-
03l11exlenalon 335. (1 0 / 25 ) 

Typing - Maril yn would like to I ype your 
peper . the.ls. boo!<. She I. experienced. fast. 
reasonable . and h. a correcting IBM. Please 
call her at 565-7060. (10 / 25 ) 

Seniors & Grad students. Come get 'em while 
they're hot 1977 Placement "'nnuals hoi oil 
the press FREE l (t 11 3) 

Need a Typist? Rush typ lng -guaran tee work· 
Kalhle 272-6390 (10 / 27) 

Tune up speclall l Discount prlces-quallty 
work ca ll AI , Marl<. or Gary fo r 8 free 
esl.ldiagnosls 453-91 53 (1JU.29} 

lOST & fOUNd 
Missing ; Chem 3BL Lab notebook . " found 
please turn In to Trllon Times Office. 

$50 reward-for Info leading to the recowry of 
orange Al pine lite back pack and Northface 
downbsg. Stol len last Wed . from van parked 
on N. Torrey Pines Rd . 453-1060 Ron. 

Found ; discovered a larch and one village 
idiot call ; Twit or "Spol the Looney" for 
reco""ry . 

Found; a rabbl!"s fool In The Communlly 
Cent". Rabll needs a new foot . 12 In . or a 
good massage. 

21n 3 br house w /vw. All 10 min. away $100 Lost: ShOelaces 01 german who ties 
ea plus ulli. 292·021 3 (11I5} shoes In little natzls. 

. TRAVEl 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUS! New York & 
Europe /li ghts . PS... reservation. CIEE 
Student Travel Services. open Mon .• Wed . • 
Frl. 12-4 pm. Cal I 452.()630 (12 /6 ) 

Full Serv ice Travel Agency. All carriers In-
cluding charters I "'merlcan Youth Hostel 
cards available. Call Berye) or Sam at TMT 
452-1 981. NO SERVICE CHARGE ! (1 2/6) 

• SERVICES 
Tutoring "'Igrebra. Trigonometry . Analgeon . 
Calculus. Physics. Gre. Sla tistics . Call Ish 
anyt ime 267·4751 . (1 0 /27) 

Found ; A scream ing window In a pa in. 

PERSONAls 

SQUAMOUS . CUBOIDAL. & COLUMNAR •• 
We apollglze lor our delay but we have finally 
located our heater controls! We now request 
you r assistance fo r thei r proper 
manipulation . - The 1.11. Sofedad Twins . 

Nita T . • - Where are you? You were her. but 
d id leave a Ph .·PTl09 . 

Jerry · finally you're read ing these. bul I'd 
rather talk w I you In person . · L 

Forever Isn't long enough . YTS 

........................................................... , 
NEW YORK CHARTER FLIGHTS: 

CHRISTMAS VACATION-$209 I 
Break-Away Tours. 9056 Santa Monica Blvd, ; 

.** .... _~~_~~~~;.;2~~;.!~1~J.~~:~~2..*_ .. J 

Engineers: 
Find out ·about 

the Nuclear Navy. 
If you th ink you have the ability and desi re to 
master nuclear engineeri ng, the Navy's Nuclear 
Propulsion Program has openings for about 
200 outstanding college graduates. Ther~ ' s a 
Navy Recruiting Officer ready to give you all the 
details on how you can become someone sQecial 
in the new Navy. 

NAVY OFFICER INFORMATION TEAM 
will be 1n .. ",..,lna at the 

PLACEMENT CENTER 
October 25126.1976 
10:OO'.m. to 2:00 pm. 

or call 293-6444 for information 

• 

The common at 1/2 price lhe scarce In 
abundance Fine books bought & sold EJC 
Llbrls Bookstore In Solana BeaCh 755-7323. 

VO-Happy B-day from Ihe Tangles gi rl s. We 
love youl Don 't party too much. 

Bnmnl. Happy I Too bad we couldn~ 
celebrate any further east lhan McNochols A. 
Maybe In my 7 thO loved . 

o Oosa. the " 'e I choosa, w ill be by your 
s loo. My luv 4 yusa Is so very trusa. so baby 
woholdmellghl. I Luv U. Gleep (10 /25) 

Wanted ; One neanderthal woman for serlou. 
relationship. Call 45:H)780 and a.k for 
" Banana" 

Lost·mens .klndl""r watch on Oct . 20. 
Please call 453-6253 If you have It . Ask for 
Bert . Rew,rd 

Losl wallet between Centra l & Blo·med 
Library If lound call 453-7551 . 

S . Sally·Don·t Jump! From new Info I may 
have an answer for you . Besides I have 
quest ions of my own Mr. L 

To the no name. (alias sticky lingers); you 
are all superstars. Next stop-the cham-
plonshlp.-·EI Capitan • 

Discover your past lives ! Introductory lecture 
5717 Lindo Paseo. Nr. S.D. State Unlv. 7 ;30 
pm Frl. Oct . 22 & 23. 

Job Resume 
·Interview 
·Composition 
.Layout 

Student Discount 

2384 San Diego Ave. 
In Old Town 
299-5850 

o Bien almee . • jespere Que on croirall vu lr 
yivre et mourlr 18 lune. O. 

The coup le who gave me a ride 10 /21 A.M .. II 
you tound my blue vi sor: pleu e cal l Mark at 
453-2820 . 329. 

Dewey - happiest 19th and shrimp to you 
"The G irl . " of the beach . 

Carol "'nn ; Happy Bi rthday . Maybe someday 
you'll .... me and realize tlove you. Mom 

HI Kid. - 5th Floor'. the greetesll An eye for 
an eye, I expect -guess you had to be there. 
Love Ki tty Cow 

COPIES 
311. ¢ No 12 Minimum 

150,} 1 2 Ro~ecran~ 2241323 
,}188 College Ave 2876183 

AbortIon Altemeti"l 
S. Diel' I PrO· Life Lt .... 

583-lIFE 
Free eGlmHlba" sWdy ro.a 

IIIlCIlpeabn 

t· .... ··"'·· ..... ·~· ...... ·· ..... ·· ..... ·· ..... ·~·· ..... l 
!COMMUNlTYj 

:BL~~~ANKt 
t 327 F Street t 

~ PAYSDONORS f 
, t 
t for ServiQe . ',; 
l Mon. - Frl. 
; 233-5481 i 
, 234-4601 : 
.......... --.. ....... '" ........ ~.~._ .. _.~.L 

Parking 
Students are Reminded 

liS:: · i'arking Permits are Valid in YELLOW STRIPED 
Parking Spaces Only. (See Campus Map) 

Citations are Issued for Illegal Parking. Familiarize 
Yourself with the Parking Regulations. 

. . 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
·store 
eyes 'examined 
prescri;Jtions filled 
contact lenses fitted 
repa irs 

hours moh - I" 1030 - 8 00 
~t 10·6 ~y 

orts arena blvd. 
(across Irom the sports arena) 

224-2974 



·trito. time8 

Sweeps All-Cal Soccer 
bySeoU 
SportI 

Following a 3-2 victory over 
UOO in the oper.ing game of 
the competition, nationally-
ranked UCLA stutout ita ,.ext 
two opponenta to take tOp 
hooan in the All-Cal soccer 
tournament played this 
weekend at UCSD. 

Some two hundred spectaton 
at Muir field Saturday watched 
the Bruins beat a hard-working, 
but not nearly as individually 
skilled team from UC Davis, 2-
0, in the championship game. 

U~D, playing in the losers 
bracket because of its opening 
game loss, defeated UC Santa 
Cruz, 6-3, Friday afternoon, but 
we~ beaten again the following 
morning, 3-0, by UC Santa 
Barbara. 

In the UCSD-UCLA game, the 
Tritons gave the Bruins their 
closest match of the tour-
nament. Despite operating most 
of the contest without three of 
its s.tarters, UCSD played 
evenly with UCLA and could 
have beaten, or at least tied the 
Bruins with some better goal-
keeping. With Allen Cox, Carlos 
Ponte, and Warren Jacobs 
missing much of the game 
because of classes, UCSDs 

regular goalie, Doug 
Youngdale, was called on to 
play in the field. Two of UCLAa 
goals came on balls that looked 
from the sideline to be saveable 
by Youngdale's replacement, 
Hans Landell. 

Having one of the SUl8l1est 
teams, both in size and numbers 
of players, tbe TritOll8 looked 
tired and ragged in their 
Saturday morning game with 
UCSB. Despite a constant 
urging by .. istant coach Brent 
., 

Doug Youngdale stops shot during UCSDs victory over UCSanta Cruz. 
photo : Bill Brooks) 

Alfonso Gonzales and the late-
arriving Ponte scored UCSOs 
tw6 goals in the game. 

In their second game Friday, 
UCSD opened a 3-1 halftime 
lead over UCSC and coasted to 
their lone victory of the toW'-
nament. 

Thurston-Rogers to his team to 
"Wake Up! Wake Up!" the 
Tritons never did. 

UCSD returns to league 
competition this Wednesday 
with an away game against 
USIU. 

UCSD Evens Record with Badminton Win 
by Dave Cohen 

Staff Writer 
UCSO's badminton tea'm evened 

their record with a decisive win 
over Southwestern College on 
ThW'sday. 

The Tritons' record now stands 
at 1-1. The victory was marked by 

ov~rpowering play by the Tritons 
as Southwestern. was simply out-
manned, out-powered, and out-

Joe Staruish [IT photo: Bill Brooks) 
classed. 

Liz Noll, the Tritons' number one 
women's singles player, had 
trouble getting on track in the first 
game of her match but came back 
strongly to blitz ber oppqnent, 7-11. 

11-2, 11-1. Carol Steinberg easily 
handled her match in the nwnber 
two women's singles slot, 11-0,11-5. 

In the men's number two singles, 
Kent Schwit~ won the third 
game 15-5 to take his match. 

The match of the day was a hotly 
contested battle in the men's 
number one singles division. Joe 
Starvish had his hands full. His 
Southwestern opponent took the. 
first game, forcing Starvish to 
scramble after shots blasted with 
fierce velocity. But Starvish 
rebounded to take the second game 
and set the stage an exciting third 
and deciding game. Starvish had 
momentum going into the game 
and kept it. He tired his opponent, 
hitting the corners with deadly 
accuracy and dropping shots over 
the net out of his opponent's reach. 
In the end he had more stamina 
and poise and took the game and 

the match. It was a powerhouse 
match in every respect. Long 
rallies with amazing shots made 
the match a standout. 

In women's doubles, Jane 
Orbach and Lorna Watt battled in 
overtime to pull out an exciting 
victory in their first game but 
couldn't hold it together as a tough 
Southwestern unit pulled out the 
next tw.o games to take the match. 
Sylvia Franci and Rowene Estrada 
handled their opponents, 15-10, 15-
I, in the number two spot. 

Men's doubles action saw Gary 
Kreitzer and Phil Melese gain a 
well contested victory, 15-7, 15-10. 

UCSD plays Mesa on Tuesday, 
Oct. 26. The Tritons will be forced 
to go without their . star women's 
singles player Liz Noll, who will be 
unable to make the game. 

An evening In Tel Aviv. 
without leaving San Diego?? 
J.S.U. makes It possible. 
Tuesdays at 7: 30 p.m. 
5742 Montezuma Rd. 
Near Sao Diego State 
Coffee and Hebrew ConvenaUon 

GOD-at UCSD? 
Part ]I 

DR. lENO 'v~NDW~ AN/.) DR . NOTVMN GFISLER WILL DEBATE THE TOPIC, CAN MIRACULOUS EVENTS 
OCCUR IN A SPACE-TIME WORLD? SPECIFIC ATTENTION WILL BE GIVEN TO THE RESURRECTION OF 
JESUS. AFnR THEIR PRESENTATIONS, REBUTTALS WILL BE GIVEN BY EACH SPEAKER, FOLLOWED WITH 
QUESTIONS F~OM THE AUDIENCE. THIS IS A FOLLOW-UP TO THE CAPACITY FILLED DEBATE BETWEEN 
DR . SAVILLE ANi:) DR . GEISLER LAST APRIL30th IN REVELLE CAFETERIA ON, THEEXISTENCE OF GOD. 

DR. %ENO VENDLER, UCSD Professor of Philosophy 
Phd. Harvard University 
DR. NORMAN GEISLER, Prof .. sor of Philosophy, Trinity Evangelical Seminary 
Phd. Loyola University( Chicago) 
Moderator: Dr. Paul Sahman, Vice Chance nor of Acadlnlic Affairs UCSD 

Date and Location: Thursday, November 4th Revene Cafeteria 8:00·1 O:OOP .M. 
Admission: FREE Sponsorld by Campus (ruMdl 

'.'."'."-"'."' -,'."." .. .... -- "'-'~-.. -. ;'-.~~ .. '- .. . -...... , .. - --'~ .. "'" .. -.-"' ....... ' _., ......... ' .':" 
, .. ......... ~ .... ,........ • " ...... ,.......,,,., .. , ...... , .. , .... .. ' " .. - " ,.. ... ~ ..... " .... .,. • •. • - • III , :- '" - ' .. - . • .. 

...... ,,0. ....... 

Free Spaghetti Dinner 
With pu~ of .. y I ..... or denn. __ ..... III. Good WItH 11/1171. 
Monday IhIU SMurd8y. 01_ InciudH .. lad, cott ... ,.,1 IIICI CMI Umblrto'. 
aplCl .. _ . 

Falcone's Restaurant 
Real Italian Food . 

5511 ... J •• Ih4 .... J" 454.6421 u.It of OM 
...... .,., 4·10 lice" I. •• ., per...., 

UCSD Women Students • 
Fear of Snakes? 

Large acale IMJlChologlca' l'aean;h ·proJect. 
You can be Ulell paJd 1M JIOur lear. and have fun too. We 

need college-age Ulomen Ullth a moderate to .elleJe lear of 
anoka. On-camp ... realdenu prefered. 

Sign up at P&L 4321 on Muir or call Michael Klltzner at 
452-3916. 

The last thing a college 
senior needs is another 
pat on the back. 

A a college senior, credit-card offer. 
promi e and congratulation come pouring in. 
Enjoy it while you can. Because iLwon't la t. 
Out in the world, you'll have to work thing out 
for yourself. And one of those thing is 
life insurance. 

Fidelity Union Life has a plan de igned for you: 
the CollegeMa te~ the insur-
ance plan chosen by more col-
lege enior than any other. 

Call the College Master 
Field A sociate in 
your area: 

. 4501 MI .. lon Bay Dr. Pacific Beach 

UCSD STlJdENTS 
-SAVE MONEY, TiME, PARkiNG SpACE-

Buy OR RENT 
CAMPUS CoMMUTERS 

AvAilAblE AT 
"",O-P'l) 
"'-IUV'"ENT ~~ ~ 

<7tIOTORIZED 
""§BICYCI.E5 

CiAO-Foxi-JAWA 
2226 AVENidA dE lA PlAYA 

LA JollA ShORES 
10AM-6pM TUEsdAY ..... RU SuNdAY 

ClOSEd MONdAY 4'4-9882 

i~~---~:~~~-O:: c::-----
I ANd 0.1 wi .... PURchASE of NEW Bib I 
L. COUpoN ________________ ---COUpoN_J 


