
Talking Back to Television: 
Public Access on Cable TV 
Any person in the United States can now show their videotapes or 

films on television on a newly-created public access cable channel. 
, San Diego's public access station is Mission Cable channel 24, run 
hy thc Community Video Center. 

Channel 24's manager, St ve Crouch, and production man~ger, 
An ne Prutzman, were both communications majors at UC San DlCgo. 
In addition several UCSD interns are conducting independent studics 
for credit ~t the station. Channel 24 is located on Federal Blvd . in 
southeast San Diego. 

A recent Federal Communications Commission ruling states that 
very community located within a major television market is required 

to have at least one cable TV channel made available free to the 
public. The channel must also make available equipment and a ~tudio 
on a first-come, first-served basis, to any individual or group 10 the 
commt:nily. (Another channel goes towards the municipality and a 
third to educators). 

The limitations placed upon any production are few: no blatent 
('ommercial advertising; no political candidates running for office ; no 
lotterics; and no obscenity or offensive material. Other than that , 
every tape or film that follows the rules can be put on a public access 
channel. 

To Promote Access 
The Community Video Center (CVC) is a non-profit, tax-exempt . 

community group whose goal is to promote access. The evc has 
contracted with Mission Cable to manage the public access channel 
for them. Mission Cable has provided CVC with their own equipment, 
space and office. There are four paid staff whose salaries are 
generated by CVC activities, grants and donations. 

Public access TV is not to be confused with local origination TV, 
which is represented by cable Channel 2 on Mission Cable, and UHF -
Channel 15 at State College in San Diego. They are non-commercial 
stations run like regular commercial TV stations, with a live 
origination studio, film chain, and distribution center. 

In order to maintain the goal of public access, evc is trying to gain 
Continued on Page 6 

Confidentiality 
Explored by 
UC Committee 

A UC committee has urged that 
the University continue to use 
confidential evaluations in its 
review process, but recommended 
that a few changes alJowing in-
dividuals to learn the substance of 
their personal records be made. 

The Special Committee on 
Personnel R cords submitted that 
report to President Saxon on 
Monday. 

In October, Saxon appointed the 
eight-member committee to 
review UC policies regarding 
employee personnel files . 

Much of the impetus for the 
committee came from Gov , 
Brown's veto of a bill which would 
have required full disclosure of the 
contents of his personnel file to a 
public employee. UC officials 
urged the veto of the bill because of 
the alleged serious adverse impact 
it would have in the peer review 
process in faculty evaluation. 

UC agreed to work with Brown 
and the legislature to develop a 
measure incorporating the intent 
of the original bill while still 
protecting their own interests. 

7000 People to Sample Peanut Butter This Week 
The committee's report states 

that a degree of confidentiality is 
needed to obtain accurate 
evaluations of the UC faculty . 
" Experts in an academic field, 
able to provide useful appraisals of 
the quality of work of a UC faculty 
member, are, we believe, much 
less likely to provide these in-
dispensible critical evaluation if 
their letters of evaluation are not 
kept confidential," the report said. 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

Over 7000 people will sample 
peanut butter at UC San Diego this 
week. 

That is the hope of Jay Russo, an 
assistant professor of Psychology, 
who is conducting the largest 
psychological experiment in the 
history of UCSD. 

Russo, conducting a survey for 
his personal research, hopes to 
prove that consumers are not 
stupid or ignorant about perceiving 
quality in products. 

Russo said that peanut butter is a 
good product to test his theory. " It 
has one central attribute: how 
good does it taste?" 

Approximately 50 ' volunteer 
experimenters-many of them 
psychology undergraduates-wiIJ 

join Russo in manning three booths 
around UCSD today through 
Friday. From 10:30 to 2:30 there 
will be booths in both the Revelle 
and Muir Plaza, and another in 
front of the bookstore. In the 
evening volunteers will staff 
stations at the cafeterias. 

Volunteers from the campus 
community will be sought at the 
testing stations to sample two 
different brands of peanut butter 
and then asked to judge which 
tastes more like fresh roasted 
peanuts. Russo said that whether 
or not a brand tastes like fresh 
roasted peanuts is the major 
determiner of its quality according 
to Consumer Reports Magazine. 

He hopes to obtain a rating of the 
seven brands of peanut butter 
based on the preferences of the 
volunteers. 

Store Brands 

One of the goals of the ex-
periment is to see how store 
brands, which are usually cheaper, 
stand in relation to major brands. 
Two brands, Nu Made and Real 
Roast, are store brands. 

The other brands to be tested 
are : fresh ground peanuts with no 
additives, Jif, Laura Scudders, 
Peter Pan and Skippy. 

According to Russo, 7000 taste 
tests required the purchase of 
approximately $150 wOrth of 
peanut butter. 

" Consumer g roups will be 
pleased that reliable quality in-
formation will be available. 
Retailers will be pleased because 
their own store brands might offer 
good quality at a low price. They 
can do this of course because their 

Sell Concerned ove r Power of Agency 

FBI Termed'Federal Bureau of Intimidation' 
by Brian Davis 

Staff Writer . 
Characterizing the FBI as the " Federal Bureau of 

Intimidation," Socialist Worker's Party speaker 
Evelyn Sell voiced her concern over the power of the 
domestic intelligence community in the United 
tates. 

Evelyn Sen 

S II , who sa id that her teaching position in AUllt in, 
Texas was terminated last year as a result of FBI 
PI' ssure, spoke to a small gathering of sympathizers 
Thursda~1 e\'cning in the north conference room of the 
student center. Following her was Greg Akili of the 
US organization. 

Sell said that he was but one of a large number of 
kachel'S harassed for involvement in the anti-war 
movement in the 60s. She claimed tha t sh has b en 
under continuous surveillance since the founding of 
the Socialist Worker's Party (SWP ) in ]948. 

Sells said after sh accepted a position in Austin in 
1969, numerous inquiri s w re mad into her 
background by th loca l chool board, a a result of 
an active anti-war stand at Ute chooJ. 

The FBI, she says, secretly turne41 over to the 
school board a list of I ft wing activitie h had 
partiCipated in; and she lost her job early in 1970. She 
stressed that none of the activities violated the law. 

Sell was unaware of the FBI involv m nt until a 
number of that agency's documents were mad 
public. Including the correspondence between th 
FBI and school official in Austin. She i now in th 
process of addi"l( her name to the joint suit by v ral 
SWP members. 

. 

price does not have to include 
advertising. " 

Welcome News 

The survey will be welcome news 
for just about everyone except the 
manufacturers of inferior peanut 
butter, Russo asserted. 

Russo, who has a PhD in 
mathematical psychology and has 
been marketing research con-
sultant to Proctor and Gamble as 
well as publishing a number of 
articles consumer decision 
making, says that consumers look 
at three product attributes in 
making their purchasing decision : 
price, size and overall quality . 

" If you want to help shoppers 
make better decisions, the biggest 
improvement can be made in 
quality , because size and price are 
numerical, and must be clearly 
posted by law. Consumers have 
reasonable price and size in-
formation available. Quality, on 
the other hand, is not numerical , 

Continued on Page 6 

Chilling Effect 
The report continued, "If it were 

the policy to make all letters of 
evaluation of an individual 
available to that individual, this 
policy would have a chilling effect 
upon persons from whom letters of 
evaluation are solicited." 

The report recommends that 
employees be given the op-
portunity to learn the substance, 
but not the source of the con-
fidential evaluations. 

The committee 's report stated, 
"Any employee shall have the 
opportunity to inspect all non-
confidential documents in any of 
the personnel files of that em-
ployee, and upon written request, 
to receive from an appropriate 
authority an oral summary of the 
sub ·tance. in th aggregate of the 
confidenttal document in the file . 

" However the summar shall 
ontinued on Pa~ 

UCSC Chancellor Quits 
Over Faculty. Disputes 

UC Santa Cruz Chancellor Mark N. Chri tens n, who has been under 
attack from some members of that campu:;' faculty a a r ult of his 
efforts to reorganize departm nts and coUeg s, ha announced his 
resignation. 

UC Provost Angus Taylor will take over the chanc 1I0r duti tem-
porarily when Christens n's resignation be me effectiv Jan. 31. 

The announcem nt was made after Friday' me ting of th Board of 
Regents In San Francisco. 

Christensen, 45, who has been chancellor at U sin la t prillg, 
wrote in a letter, " The Santa Cruz campus has been in turmoil ov r my 
leadership since late last fall. " 

He added, " There are now too many fin peopl being groWid up in 
conflict that centers upon my person. I no longer bell ve that it is in the 
best Interest of the campus for me to continue to rve as chancellor." 

A fonner vice-chancellor at U Berkel y and a professor of g ology 
and geophysics, Christensen will r tum to teaching in th UC sy tern. 



Pale two 

Crail U~I. ~. 
Oplnfon 1.11 lor 

MIIrkWoelber 
MlinaliDI editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

, 

Jlmes G. Soto 
City editor 

Slra J. LoWeD 
Commlllllty editor 

The J"riton Times is recognized as the official student newspaper by 
the Camm'Jnications Boord of UCSO. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of the majority of the editorial boord (above), and nat the 
views of the University, the_ Communications Boord or the student 
b04ly _ 

Slush-Fund Economics 
Things were looking up last week. 
Gov. Brown had presented a budget package that Included allocations 

of state money to UC that, wblle not equalliJlg the University's request, 
seemed to satisfy President Saxon and other officials. 

Then came the announcement from Berkeley that Saxon would 
probably not ask the Board of Regents for an increase in the registration 
fl'e, an Increase that bad been anticipated by student groups aod the nine 
reg fee committees on the campuses. 

Thursday tbe Los Angeles Times reported, tbough, that Brown Is 
refusing to propose oyerenrollment funds for 3000 extra students, 

unr~pected students who will enter the University this year and next year 
and who will need money - about $4.7 million, it is estimated - for 
traching assistants and other instructional support. 

This is the first time the state has refused to propose overenrollment 
money for the University, It appears to have been the card up the 
Governor's sleeve. 

Brown has talked often of making UC more accountable to the people of 
the state. In choosing not to provide overenrollment money - for students 
the University is committed to instructing, whether It has the money or 
not - Brown thinks he will force the University to make the 'hard choices' 
he has been urging of it since his administration began. 

He suggested, for instance, that money in the proposed budget destined 
fur instructional improvement - apparently the line labelled "Enrich 
Instructional Support" - be used to partially offset overenrollment. That 
amount, about $3.9 million, bas no specific strings on it, and can be used 
for anything the University wants, within reason. 

In forcing accountability in this manner, Brown is obscuring any real 
accountability that may exist now, The state legislature has long insisted 
that money approved for the University be spent at least roughly In the 
area the funds were budgeted for. Brown is, in essence, encouraging 
slush fund economics, in which, eventually, the people will have 110 way at 
all of knowing where their money is spent. 

The legislature, which has the budget now, can add the money for 
nverenrollment if it doesn' t want to allow the precedent Brown is trying to 
set. But the governor has veto power over any part or parts of the 
California budget. 

There are other issues, of course, It is not right that money intended for 
enhancement of every student' s educational experience at UC - perhaps 
money for the TAs, lab equipment or other support - he used to pay for 
students who should he provided for separately, 

However, for the very reason that we think it is doubtful students would 
ha ve ever felt the benefits of that $3,9 million, we fee l Brown's method for 
furc ing accountability will further lessen it. The time has come for Brown 
to point himself to the areas be feels are eccessive in the University's 
planning. He should help us make the 'hard choices' he believes need 
making. 

"Well, at leastwe won't have to put up with 
those pesky tourists anymore ... " 

(ALrFORtJIA CRUDE' 

I This Week: Bikes 
Okay. yllu people in the carts. Thanks for slowing down. But those of us 

oul in caclpt1s traffic will have 10 be especially careful with that long 
weekend cumin" up In February. 

And we've got another compJa int. 
Rikes, 
Sunll' peopll' whiz a round here on Iheir bicycles a s if they were half-

I11ml. Th' palhs to Matthews are especia lly trca 'h ' rous. Th 'y· re lined 
\I ilh makes hift ('rosses, marking thc graves of poor souls who didn't hcar 
f ill' " hl'ad'~ up" "r ·' heep. beep'· rrom the projectile 1If flesh. metal and 
rubber whil.7.illg along behind them, 

AI tht;" ~up('rsullil' sJl'.'l'd~ th,·), nlten tra vel. \\(' b 'lieve ~e understand 
\\ hr . 

·rlfc.I.I ... ~ Munday. January 26. 1976 
Letters to the Editor 

Feminist Coalition Holds First Meeting 
The Feminist Coalition held its 

first major organizational meeting 
last Wednesday with an attendance 
of twenty women. The prodigious 
size of the meeting reflects the 
sentiment in UCSD women that 
there are still issues to be dealt 
with, even though we do have the 
vote, we do have female 
congressmen and the Equal 
Rights Amendment will surely be 
passed, 

An element of unrest is being 
expressed by women, The idea 
that the Women's Movement has 
died is vomitus, The reality is that 
we have been maturing into 
committed challengers to the 
status-quo, and the revolution we 
are making is one on every front: 
economic, political, cultural, 
personal, public, sexual, 
biological and even metaphysical. 

The Feminist Coalition does not 
want UCSD women to lose touch 
with the women on the " outside." 
We are now in the process of 
organizing carpools to the founding 
meeting of a San Diego pro-ERA 
coalition at the YWCA, Wed-
nesday, Jan, 28th, Other car-pools 
are fonning for the February 7th 
ERA conference at Los Angeles 
City College, Although the 
amendment has been passed in 
California, we realize that the ERA 

is still not "safe," If four more 
states do not ratify the ERA by 
1979, those sb!tes that have wiU not 
malter, If the federal amendment 
is defeated, the stale amendments 
are automatically dissolved, 

The Feminist Coalition projects 
ERA activities for the winter 

quarter. We wanl to be able to 
explain the ERA and clear its 
status from the misconceptions 
that have surrounded it. Come to 
our next meeting, Wednesday, Jan, 
28,4 pm at the Women's Center, 

THE FEMINIST COAlJTION 

'We Can't Stop Progress' 
The following is based on in-

formation gathered from the 
student secretary upstairs in the 
student .center and from a phone 
conversation with Dave Ernst who 
works in the vice chancellor's 
office, 

" They ' re going to build a 
commer.cial center across the 
street from school." " No?" " On 
the La Jolla Farms Stables. 
Apartments. Clothing stores. 
McDonalds Food stores. You know 
the shops that spring up around 
campuses." "That 's too bad: I like 
seeing the horses when I drive to 
school. Of course the smell-but it 
beats the smoke of greasy 
burgers," " We can't stop it. It 's 
progress they used to say," " But 
that's history, The earth is all of 
ours and we're all responsible for 
it : land contractors as well as 

nature lovers. I hope we can 
preserve some wildness amidst the 
humanity,,," 

fhe time has come to decide the 
future of two pieces of property 
owned by the university : the land 
on which the La Jolla Farms 
Stables stands, and " knoll," the 
open field above Black's beach, 
These areas were to be used for the 
campus when tJCSD reached its 12 
college size, but in the evolution of 
plans for growth, these spots were 
overlooked until recently, 

Selection Committee to Meet 

The first question the school is 
considerin/( is. " Should th e 
university hold onto the land?" 
The land is untaxable because it is 
university owned, State Senator 
Stull has said the land should be 
sold to generate tax. A Board of 
Overseers, whose function is to 
represent local interests, has 
suggested that. the University keep 
the land. The Board said the knoll 
was too unique to consider 
developing now. They said that 
building on the stables land would 
be economically feasible and if 
developed, building on the land 
should be conducted in phases. 

Otis Watson, a senior and Third 
College intern, was recently a~ 
pointed to serve on the advisory 
conunittee to Gov. Brown on the 
selection of the UC Regents, 
Watson is the only student on the 
board : his appointment was made 
by the Student Body President's 
Council of the UC, The following is 
a statement by him, 

"The purpose of the conunittee 

diversity of the state, including 
ethnic minorities and women, 

The next meeting of the com-
mittee is set for Friday, Jan, 30, 
9:30 am at UC Berkeley, I strongly 
urge that UCSD students, faculty 
and staff offer suggestions to the 
committee, I may be contacted at 
the Third College Dean's office, 

OTIS WATSON. 
that I am a member is to advise ' .. 
Gov. Brown on filling two 
vacancies on the board, which 

Though a student is on the board, 
it suggested mainly economic 
interests concerning the stables. 
What do the students think about 
the land? Shopping centers are 
already planned to the east of 
school , by the Mesa Apartments. 
and to the south near La Jolla 
Village, What do we want across 
the street from our school? 

must be made by March 1. Last 
Friday, we met at UC Berkeley to 
approve policy and selection 
procedures. other key figures on 
the board include Leo McCarthy, 
Sen, James Mills , and Mrs, 
Edward Heller, Chairman of the 
Board of Regents, 

" I believe that every UC student 
should be aware of the selection 
process of the new Regents, being 
that the Regents are the overseers 
of the University, The two Regents 
will serve twelve year terms each, 

" I plan to support a Chicano as 
one of the appointees, and I am 
presently lobbying more support 
throughout the state. My reasons 
are twofold. First, I feel that 
Chicanos in the past years have 
had little representation on the UC 
admin istra tive level, as have other 
ethnic minority groups, Second, 
my argument is based on sulr 
section (E) of Article IX, sec. 9 of ' 
the California Constitution, which 
reads : Regents shall be able 
persons broadly reflective on the 
economic, cultural and social 

.CartooD to the Editor 

Watson 

RICH POOL 

The Triton Times is once again 
seeking political cartoonists 
knowledgeable in local, national 
and university affairs. An ability 
to crank out a weekly cartoon will 
get you the same ~ay as a 'I! 
editor, If you are mterested m 
displaying your know-how on 
these pages, contact John H, 
Taylor, Mark Woelber or Craig 
Uchida at the Triton Times of-
fice, 

The Tnton Times is recognized by the Communications Board of UCSD as Ihe official 
student newspaper . Publlcatlon Is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fndays during the 
regular school year (except on official holidays,. Editorial and business offices are 
located ,n 117 Blake Hall on lhe Revelle College campus, University of California, San 
Diego. 

Letters to the Editor and opinion columns are welcomed, All submiSSions shoold be 
typed on a 74·spoce line on nonerasable paper. They should not exceed three pages In 
length double-spaced. The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because 
of space IlmHatlons or slyle requirements . 

For editorial, call 452-3466; forbuslness and display advenlsements, call 452·3468. 
Entire conten ts copyright 1976, Triton Times. 

I\cl"",(\i ~(~ • 
·c..OM~f'i\' ~ ~" 

i\lmlliay. January 26, 1976 

Politics: James G. Soto 

Iowa Sends Her Best 
You have probably seen the television commercial by a certain meat 
cker that claims that Iowa sends her best as score~ of plucky farmers 

pa d h f ct workers are hard at work prodUCing the finest bacon 
an c eer~ ~he o~rld for the consumption of the American public, an~ ~~;: wee:Iowa received a treat from the rest of the country as the 
f· et po' litical hams in the nation congregated in that state to joust for the Ines nd h I't' l t· I asure ofIowa's ha att e po I Ica conven IOns. 
p ~t Monday evening thousands of Iowans joined together at ~e 
multitude of Iowan precincts for Phase One of the delegate selectIOn 
process. In this first stage of the Iowa process, delegates were selected 
from each precinct. Later in the spring, at district and statewide con-
ventions, these delegates will pick the best that Iowa can offer for 
showcase at the national conventions. 

tn the Democratic precinct caucases there was a flurry of surprises, 
First, Morris Udall and Sergent Shriver, both of whom had done some 

campaigning and had expected to do quite well, .did not. Their .dism~ 1 
showing rivaled the vote that Earl Browder might have received In 
Orange County a few years ago, Shriver had only 3,4 percent of the 
delegates while Udall nearly doubled the Shriver total at 5.9 percent of 
the vote, 

Failed to Excite 
Another victim of a poor showing was Sen, Henry Jackson, Though 

Jackson had barely campaigned in the Hawkeye State, one must wonder 
what happened to his alleged support, He was the only candidate of the 
Democratic right-a relative term I assure you-yet, as usual he failed to 
excite voters from a state with another name than Washington, 

Second, was the fine showing of former Georgia Gov, Jimmy Carter, 
who managed to walk away with nearly 28 percent of the vote, Carter has 
been a tireless campaigner and his populist ideas obviously made a 
positive impression upon the voters of a state that went for William 
Jennings Bryan during the heyday of populism. Carter was the largest 
vote getter of any of the six announced candidates. 

Free Choice 
The biggest surprize, though, was that 37 percent of the voters selected 

uncommitted delegates. These delegates will go to the state convention 
and later to the national convention with a free choice as to whom they 
will select for the nomination, 

Walter Cronkite, in his CBS Radio commentary last Tuesday said that 
many of these delegates may be stand-ins for Hubert Humphrey. One 
might also presume that many of these delegates will be representing 
organized labor, which pulls no weak punch when it comes to electIOn-
eering. Though there was no indication in the press , one can also wonder 
whether George Wallace had any support among the uncommi~ted 
delegates. In Saturday's Mississippi caucases, Geo~ge ~allace surpnz~d 
eve ryone with his ability to put together an orga~lzatlOn that could ,wln 
that sort of political fight as well as primary elections. Wallace rece,lved 
ove r 40 percent of the vote, in a five man race which saw uncommitted 
delegates draw 26 percent. Carter was a distant second with only 16 
percent. . . . 

Back in Iowa, Birch Bayh and Fred HarrIS did not do poorly With 13,3 
percent and 10,1 percent of the vote respectively; but those uncommitted 
de legates and the Carter vote appear to be significant for Democrats, 

Democrats in Iowa are not too happy with the current crop of can-
didates, The only candidate that had an impressive vote total has a 
definite anti-Washington tinge to his campaign. 

Is But the First Test 
Still, Iowa is only the first test, and with only 47 delegates it cannot be 

looked at too importantly, 
On the Republican side of the fence, delegates selected were not 

committed to any candidate but were elected for reasons of personality or 
local interest. Thus, it is difficult to tell how the delegates will vote in 
Kansas City. 

There was a straw poll taken in two percent of the precincts, Both the 
Ford and Reagan campaigns claimed victory. Ford had 45 percent of the 
vote while Reagan had 42 percent. However the vote total vas so small 
that it seems pointless to even speculate on what the results mean except 
to say that Reagan is a strong and viable candidate in a state where Ford 
has extensive support, -

So in the first official week of the Presidential sweepstakes the hams 
have had their say while the voters have had theirs, Still, there is no trend 
except continu ing confusion. 

ANNOtJNCEMENTS 
There will be a women's swap 
meel an Wednesday from 2·3 pm 
ond 7-8 pm in fhe Women 's Center . 

There will be a graduate women's 
lunch from 12 nOon · 1 :30 pm in fhe 
women's cen ler. 

• rlf .. " .110('8 M, Pagrthree 
Trickster Tuck: Truth Through Irreverence 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

Political trickster Dick Tuck 
does not like to call his activities 
pranks; instead he says he deals in 
irreverence. 

Tuck spoke of his 25 year career 
in irreverence last Thursday night 
at Montgomery Jr. High School in 
a program sponsored by the Mesa 
College Community Services 
program. 

Tuck, who is prima rily known for 
the many political tricks he played 
on former President Richard 
Nixon, said the purpose of his 
political career was two-fold : one 
serious and one humorous, Tuck 
said in his career he has tried to 
dramatize things that he (eels the 
voters should know about a can-
didate as well as poke fun at self-
serious politicians, 

Truth and Relevance 
Tuck told the highly receptive 

audience. of 200 that he always 
asked himself two questions about 
a political trick-is what he would 
dramatize true, and is it relevant 
to the issues of the campaign. 

In an example of the former 
Tuck ~ave an anecdote of Nixon's 
1962 California gubernatorial 
campaign, Tuck was working for 
Nixon's opponent, Edmund G. 
Brown, Sr" and they were trying to 
let the people know about a 

Fourth Reporter 

possibly compromising connection 
betwee n Nixon and Howard 
Hughes, 

(In 1956 Nixon's brother, Donald, 
had received an unsecured loan of 
$206,000 from Hughes,) 

When Nixon campaigned in Los 
Angeles's Chinatown Tuck had 
signs painted in Chinese saying 
" What about the Hughes loan?" 

When Nixon discovered what the 
signs said he was unhappy, to say 
the least. 

The other reason Tuck began in 
political tricksterism was to point 
out the human side of American 
politicians, " Politicians are not 
kings," he said. "Not gods, 
They're just human beings and 
so metime they need a little 

irreverent treatment. " 
Watergate 

Tuck never really addressed the 
question of whether he spawned 
the dirty tricks of Watergate with 
his activities , He spoke with 
professional pride, though, to the 
difference between himself and the 
Watergate people, saying that the 
antics of Watergate trickster 
Donald Segretti were " not only 
counterproductive, but wrong." 

Tuck said that he would not enter 
into the 1976 presidential campaign 
"unless Nixon does." 

" Two people I never bury are 
Nixon and (former Los Angeles 
mayor ) Sam Yorty," he said, 
" You better put a big rock on 

('ulltillued fin Page 5 

Noted Columnist Johnston to Appear 
Jill Johnston, colwnnist for New 

York 's newspaper "The Village 
Voice," author of two best sellers, 
and an activist in the women's 
movement will speak here at UC 
San Di ego Thursday at 8 pm in the 
Revelle Cafeteria, Her topic will 
be " The Status of Women in 
American Society," a subject 
which she will approach from her 
own unique v.iewpoint, treating it 
with that Johnston brand of humor 
that has made her a noted member 
of the women's movement. 

Johnston, who considers herself 

an artist first, and a feminist 
second, has been a columnist since 
1959. She wrote her first published 
feminist article in 1968, at the 
beginning of the current feminist 
movement. Her books include 
"Mar melade Me" and " Lesbian 
Nation," A new book entitled " My 
Father in Amerika" will appear at 
the end of this year, 

The event, being sponsored by 
the UCSD Women 's Resource 
Center, is free and open to the 
public, ' 

Symposium on Sexuality is Set 

Sex, 

by Alan Russell 
Staff Writer 

Now that everyone is curious, they might bc evcn 
more interested to know that Fourth College is 
presenting a six session symposium on " Human 
Sexuillity." starling tonight at 7:30 in the Fourth 
('olkge Cafcteria, 

" In putting together this symposium we have tried 
tn prescnt a number of issues, a nd a series of topics. 
that should be of interest to a large percentage of the 
UC San Diego Community," said Gary J . Frost. Dean 
of Fourth College . " Human sexuality is a subject of 
c011 ntless racet~ , and by these diverse lectul'es and 
ciis('ussions, we hope to touch upon many issues of 
imporlance, " 

Speaking tonight will be nationally known sex 
Ilwrapists Dr. Theresa L. Crenshaw and Dr. Robert 
T, Crensh<lw. They will discuss many of the sexual 
m,I'ths and misconceptions that permeate society, as 
\\"('11 as some of the problems encountered in sexual 
rl'lationshi ps. As with all of the programs, blank 
mdt'x carris will be passed out so people can ask 
:1l10nymolls questi ons. 

Tuesday night at 7 in the Fourth College Cafeteria 
there will be a free showing of the movie, "Sunday. 
11100<ly, Sunday ." The film evolves a round a husband-
wifl', male bisexual. triangle, and stars Glenda 
.Jac'kson. 

Sex in the iOs 
At 7:30 Wcdnesday evening in the Fourth College 

i{('(Tcation Ccnlel' there will be a discussion on sex, 
rel ig ion. a nd va lucs in lhe 70s, Speaking will be Les 
Atkinson of the United Campus Ministries, and Fr. 
I1t'mil' Cilmpbell, UCSD Catholic Chaplain. Primary 

among thc topics will be pre-marital sex and the 
church. 

Matthews Cafeteria will be the scene for Thurs-
day's evening presentation of " Female Sexuality." 
Recky Combs, a San Diego sex counselor, will lead a 
t,llk and answer questions , Included will be the recent 
KPBS panel conference on women and sex, with 
tnpil'S featuring a woman's sexual needs, femalc 
Ix'alth, and undcrstanding of a woman's body and 
rape. 

The following week on Monday, at 7:30, in the 
Pourth College Recrcation Center, there will be a 
discussion on " Homosexuality." Members of the Gay 
Student's Associil tion will moderate on a panel that 
will attempt to give people a better understanding of 
male and fcma lc homoscxuality , 

The final session, on the subject "Contraception," 
will be held Tuesday, at 7:30 in the Fourth College 
Cafeteria. Male and female contraceptive devices 
will be discussed by J udy Goldfinch o( the Birth 
Control Clinic, as well as the issue of responsibility 
towards sex partners, 

"These progra ms arc designed to give information 
to the most sexually experienced as well as the least 
('xperienced." said Frost. "When I used to teach, I 
sometimes gave a surprise test on sexual knowledge. 
and was con ·tanUy a mazed at the lack and misun-
derstilnding of information that the students knew. It 
IS a filct that the so-called sexual revolution is not a 
r~1 rt of milny student's lives. We urge all those in-
It'l"l'sted. and most people are interested in sex, to 
<ll\enll ." 

" fl umetn S xuality" is the firs t of many upcoming 
POllrth Collcgc symposiums. Future ones will include 
prl' jwlil'c. religion, psychology of the 70s, profe sions 

I~ I Am rica, and the American Presidency, All 
prOllllSC to be interesting. 

PEANUT BU'I~'ER TASTE TEST 
As parI of all ongoing resear~" project i" consumer psychology a survp'y of pean ut hUllpr lw~le 

p~efere"ce i." being conducted througholLt lhe UC D rom/JUs. 

YOUR P ARTICIP ATION INVITED 
A~I members of the UCSD cn1lununity are invited to (astp two bra"ds of /H'anu;'bllller alld f>xpres.'llheif preferPll ce. AfPlI' 
additional questions about ."hopping pxperiellce wi/I b(, a..o;/red. #>urlicipulioll ill I Ill' sludy i.Y a." sir" pie as ,IUI,t. 

The goal of the 1'aste Tesl mlo combim' tilt' opiniuns of many rOllimmers into a si,,#{le rali,,#{ of peanut buttel" pN'ferellce. 
The entire UCSD cU'llUumity is invited Iu take part ;11 tlris stLUl.y_ 1'/!p ./inal rating of IJ(,WlIIt bu Iler.~ s/~oLLld /}o ·ba...'ipd OIL as 
mauycollimmer judgemPllts as possible. Volunteer lasters are wplcome to partif'i/KJltJ as many limes as th . u,; ft. 

Time: Monday through Friday, week of January 26-30, 10: 30 am to 2:30 pm 
Place: T88ting booths on Matthew: Muir and R v II calnpUS 

, , 

For more information call campus e tention 2996. 

-

J 



Pagt'feur Munday, January ZI, 1976 

I bout the usc and abuse of 4 pm - Ml'eting· Table Tennis, Recreation Conference Room Main Gym. alc I 4 pm - Movie· " Requiem" Mandeville Aud. 1 n ' erenee Room Student Center. 4 pm - Lecture- " Tht: Ultraviolet Extinction l.aw RE'visited" Dr. Reinder von Duinen, 
_ .... _-.....,.-'0 rarist.41 2 MCRoom 17. HL1205. 

12 noon _ 101 eting. Condition, Wrestling Room. 4 pm - Lecture· "Nonlinear Quantum Field Theory" Dr. Brosl Hasslacher, AP&M 2250. 
12 pm - C emlstry Seminar, 2105 Bonner Hall, Revelle. Dr. Malcom Gefter, MIT. 4 pm - Marine Chemistry Seminar, 202 Scripps, SIO. Dr. George Somero, " The Medium 

" Enzymatic echanism of DNA Synthcsis." Just Might be the Message : Some Thoughts on Water as a 'Raw Material' in Protein 
12 pm - R~ arcb on Algae Luncheon Meeting, 2145 Ritter Hall, S10. Dr. Howard Rosen. Evolution." 

California Si,ate Univ. at I~A. , will lead an informal discussioh on efrects of caffeine on 4 pm - Meeting. Revellc Residence Hall Board Meeting, Blake Hall . 
repair of mutations and mitotic recombination in Cblamydomonas. 4 pm - Mertin!:- Feminist Coalition, Woman's Center. . 

3 pm - Meeting. Chancellors Advisory Corrunittee on the Handicapped, Disabled 4:30 pm - Biology Department Seminar Series, 104 CR Bldg, Th.lrd College. DI:- Howa~d 
Students Center. Gr '1' , " Studi the h a . ferentiation of the Epidermal Keratll10cyte 111 

3 pm - Meeting- Revelle , Cui es - A Study of Teratomas." 
3pm- PraetieeWoman's S m- Me alcony Main Gym. 
3 :30 pm - APIS Seminar USB, eetin con.ainGym. 

. Revelle. Dr. Jan Siren, " Meas 6 pm - etin riton ga ing ety, 902 Tioga Hall. 
3:30 pm - Economics Depa t Inar eeting·· n . ty. h .cony. Main Gym. 

MIT, " Imperfcct Information and Optimal Pollution Control." :30 pm - Meeting· Amcrican SiJ.(n I ,anguagc Class. Disabled Students Centrr. 
4 pm _ Meeting. Students For Tom Hayden, Call Student Center for place. 7 pm - Meeting· " Acupuncture and Peoplcs Health Care" Sponsored by S.A.T.C.H. 2622 
4 pm - Meeting Table Tennis, Recreation Conference Room. USB. 
4 pm - 1976 Calbiochem·UC San Diego Foundation Lectureship in Chemistry, 2622 USB, 7:30 pm - Meeting- Trident Christian Fellowship Revelle Formal I.ounge. 

Revelle. Dr. H. Gobind Khorana, Alfred P . Sloan Professor of Biology and Chemistry, 7: 30 pm - Meeting. E.A.B. Meeting, Revelle Informal Lounge. 
MIT, "Chemistry of the Nucleic Acids : (a) Chemistry of the Constituents and Derivation 7:30 pm - Lecture- " Nun, Witch and Playmatl'''. The Americanization of Scx, Matthews 
of the Macromolecular Structures." (b) Chemical Synthesis of Polynucleotides. " Rec Center. 

4 pm - Solid Mechanics and Structures Seminar, 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. Wolfgang 8 pm - Dance. Old Time Country Dancing, Recreation Conference Room. Free. 
G. Knauss, CIT, " Fracture Induced by Stress Waves." 8:30 pm - Coneert- Local Talent, I.ower Muir Commons, Muir 5& Dime. Free. 

4:30 pm - Women's Basketball, USIU vs. UCSD. Main Gym. 
4:30 pm - Meeting Gymnastics, South Balcony, Main Gym. 
5 pm - Clinic Birth Control Center, Health Center, Appointments and information can be 

obtained Tues. and Thur. 9am t03 pm. 
9~~lott"'OJiJiFt·.es 
12n 
12 n 

noor 
5 pm - Art. Undergraduate Work Paintings And Drawings, Opening 1st floor Hwnanities 

Library Refreshments. 
5:30 pm - Meeting Science Fiction Club, Agenda, " A group Discussion Of Uncon-

ventional Space-Flight Propulsion in Science Fiction Literature" Lounge Conference 
Room Student Center. 

12 noon - Workshop. Social Skills Workshop, workshop to improve your ability to relate 
more successfully with others Revelle Counselors Office. 

6 pm - Dinner. Native American's PoUuck Dinner, 4627 Ocean Blvd. #306, For info. call 
Beverly Varga ext. 4393. . 

12 noon - Meeting· Philatelic Society, Muir Activities Office Lower Muir Commons. If 
you can' t attend call x46i5. 

12 noon - Workshop. Social Skills development for students desiring to improve their 

6 pm - Meeting Be ll y Dance, West Balcony, Main G 
6:30 pm - Student. All Students, Your second c a 

Administration Hospital, Hospital Conference Room . 
6 :30 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Residence Hall 

inClr al ski Reve e Counselors Office. 
1 L h. h and informal conversation with Walter Heller, Revelle South 

s D' I g . 
12 : - mne r n Series, Sumner Aud. , S10. Dr. Howard A. Wilcox, Navy 
~n . a n r, Pt. L a . will present a color slide program on " The Ocean Energy and 

stairs Mathews Campus. 
7 pm - Meeling Fourth College Outing Club, Mathe 
7 pm - Meeting Christian Science O~ganization. All welcom Blake Hall . 
7:30 pm - Lecture. An Evening with Dr. Theresa L. Crenshaw amI Dr. Robert T. 

Crenshaw, ationally known sex therapists Fourth College Cafeteria . 
7: 30 pm - Meeting. Trancendenta I Meditato rs, Revelle I.ounge. 
7: 45 pm - Meeting-Aikido, Wrestling Room 
8 pm - Meeting Fourth College Program Board, Mathews Rec. Center. 
8 pm - Lecture. Art Critic Amy Goldin " Decoration and The Class Struggle" AP&M 

2313. 
8 pm - Meeting Israc li Dance, Hecreatlon Conf(,rence I{oom, Main Gym .. 
9 pm - Movie. " Dead E nd". Muir Snack Bar. 

9 am - Workshop, Studies Motivation Workshop: Tl\is wor~hopwill be for students who 
feel unmollvat d or unor~aniz('d or both abou lthcir studies, Rev Ill.' Counselors Office. 

11 am - L ·Iure. "An Angular pee-trum Approach To Stratified Media Problems", 
Larry Stotls, aval Electronics Labora t 'y AP&M Room B30L 

12 noon - Meeting Professions In America 302 Mathews Campus. 
12 noon - Meeting. Christian Pra yer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
12 noon - Meeting. Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12 noon - Art. Undergraduate Work Paintings & Drawings, 1s t floor Hwnanities 

Library. 
12 noon - oneert . Concert sponsored by thc Muir Program Board. Bring lunch, Lower 

Muir Quad. ' 
12 :30 - Lunch. Lunch and informal conversa tion with Alan Schneider, AMES Professor 

and pollution researcher, in the Revelle South Dining Room. Resident students may enter 
using their mcal cards through the cafeteria . Others may enter through the side door. All 
arc welcome. 

2::10 pm - Lecture . " Informal Discussion elf Experiments on Supernuid Heliwn-3" Dr. 
John C. WhcaUy, UCSD H&SS 1106. 

4 pm - Meeting Revellc Program Board. Reve lle Provost Office. 
4 pm - Meeting. Disabled Students Union Meeting, Disablcd Students Center. 
4 pm - Calbiochem-UC San Diego Foundation Lectureship in Chemistry, 2622 USB, 

R vcllc. Dr. H. Gobind Khorana, MIT, "The Gcnetic Code." 
4 :30 pm - Lecture " I{cccnt Studics In Black American Literature" , Lloyd W. Brown, 

Intc rnational Ccntcr. 
4 :30 pm - Mel'ting G) mnastics, South Balcony Main Gym. 
6 pm - Meeting Pcp Band, Recreation Conference Room Main Gym. 
i pm - Meeting Gay Students Association , Revelle Informal Lounge. 
i pm - Mo vie. Human Sexuality Program movie "Sunday Bloody Sunday" Discuss ion to 
foll()\~, Matthews Cafcteria . 

7 pm - Mu vic- " /\ La Brava," " La Migra" a nd " La Cosecha" 2i22 USB . 
i pm - M~ctin g. A.A.S.A. Mecting, Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7 :30 pm - Meeting- Folk Dance, Recreation Conference Room Main Gym. 
i :30 pm - Roger Hedgecock Lecture, Revelle Formal Lounge, Revelle. The topic to be 

discussed is environmental law. Followed by a question and an~wer p riod . Free. 
7 :30 pm - Meeting· Alpha Omega Alliancc, Psychology and Linguisti cs Bldg. Room 3515. 
8 pm - Atomic Cafe, Mandeville Recital Hall. Free. 

I .... M~ctlng. CQI ·t.ioning, restJtns . 

\lities 
'eed , 

12 noen - linie. Sex Cli nic, for students seeking information or counseling on sexual 
conce rn ; Revclle Counselors Office. 

12 n001 - Meet ing-Belief and Beyond Beli f, 302 Me. 
12 pm - Fest"-':!I (,hir"lOfl Film, Mandeville Aud. " Requiem 29." Free. 
12::10 lm - Revelle Community Center· 3tladci1ts and the C.I .A. " What Ha ppened with 

Saxon" a lake Hall . 
1 pm _. Meeting. Chnstian Prayer Meeting, I.ounge Conference Room Student Center. 
2 pm - . Meeting. Woman's Swap Meet, Woma n's Center. 
2 pm - AM ES Film Series, 7104 Urey Hall, Rcvelle . " Fluid Dynamics of Drag, Pl. Ill." 
3 pm - Mcpling· H.C.C.A., Revelle Provost Office. 
3 pm - Meeting. Disabled Students Union Me ting, Disabled Stud nts C nter , All 

wckomc! 
3 pm - Meeting· Revelle Committce on College Aff<lirs, Revelle Provost Office. 
3::10 pm - De partment of Economics minar, 3216 H.L. Bldg., Revelle . Halb rt White, 

MIT , " A Micro Wa ge Equation: Implication of Differ ent Und rlying Theories and 
Estimation. " 

3:30 pm - Physical Oceanography Seminar, IGPP Confe rcnr Room , S10. MI'. Juli <lll 
'v1c 'reary. " I':astern 0 'c<l n Response to Chanl-!ing Wind Systems with Application to EI 

ono." 

4 pm - Poetry. Dramatic Readings from Chi cano Prose and Poetry by UCSD stlid enL~ 
Mandevill Art GaUery. 

Oc ms." 
1 pm - Mee ng. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
2 pm - Meeting· Revelle Community Center Volunteer Program, Revelle Community 

Center. 
3 pm - Meeting. Meet your Provost, munchies too, Muir Provost Office. 
4 pm - Lecture. "Some Results Concerning the Stationary and Nonstationary Driving 

Behavior of a Tractor-Semitrailer-Vehicle" Hans Troge r 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle Campus. 
4 pm - Lecture. " Some New Results on the Mahajan·LaQuey Nonlinear Model of the 

Trapped Ion Mode" Dr. John Krommes 2622 USB. 
4 Plll- Meeting- Frisbee, Muir Basketball Courts. 
4 pm - Cosmochemistry Seminar, 2101 Urey Hall , Revelle. DI·. Gerald J . W_rburg, 

CIT. His topic is to be announced. 
4:30 pm - Meeting-Gymnastics, South Balcony Main Gym. 
5 pm - Meeting- Sports Car Club, Lounge Conference Room Student. 
6 pm - Meeting- Muir Outing Club, AP&M 2402. 
6:30 pm - Meeting. Career Options Workshop. Partic ipants will focus on the process of 
definin~ possible career directions and assessing career factors important to them 412 
:MaUhcws Campus Room 15. . 

6:45 pm - Sports. Ice Hockey Night. Special discount tickets and free transportatIOn 
available for Thursday's exciting hockey match between the Mariners and the Calgary 
Cowboys, tickets available before Tues. noon at $2.50 in the Rec Gym Office. 

7 pm - Movie- " Celebracion" and " Survival" Discussion with Moctezuma Esparza , 2722 
USB. 

7 pm - Meeting· F encing, West Balcony, Main Gym. . . 
7:30 pm - Female Sexuality, Presentation of the recent KPBS panel diSCUSSIOn on 

women and sex, Fourth College Cafeteria. 
7:30 pm - Meeting· Ski Club, Cr 1M, Third College. 
7:30 pm - Lecture, " Sexism in Advertising", presented by N.O.W., Muir2B .ll03 . 
8 pm - Geological Sciences Seminar, IGPP Co~erence Room, ~10. D~. Davl~ W. School, 

U.S.G.S., " Meiji Sediment Tongue and the Aleutian Abyssal Plam. EVidence III the North 
Pacific for Limited Relative Motion Between the Pacific and American Plates During the 
Past50m.y." 

ola' h 's Ne 
ork p f stu ts sub 
ad te P Itil}gs- d Dra 

1 on - ee . t:ad aWil it 
Conf rence Room 2148 HS&S. 

9'tlls P&L 1110. 
~ lo dismissal see Wed. for details. 
ngs 1st floor Humanitics Library. 

II students welcome, Muir College 

12:05 pm - Lecture. " Seasonal Changes in the Intertidal Algal Cover of Roc ky Shores in 
Oregon, As Affected by Grazing etc." Dr. John Cubit, 307 Vaughan Hall. 

I pm - Meeting . Christian Prayer Meeting , Lounge Conference Room. 
2 pm - Leelure. " Navy Biomedical Research and Development at Naval Electronic 

l .aboratol·y Center" Dr. John Silva B248 BSB Mathews Campus. 
2 pm - Lecture. " Computer Processing of EEG". Prof , R. Bickford, B248 BSB Matlhrws 

C'lmplis . . 
4 :30 pm - Meeting- Gymanstics, South Balcony, Main Gym. 
7 pm - Meeting· Campus Crusade for Christ, Winzer Commons, BSB School of Medicine. 
7:30 pm - Movie . " Monty Python and the Holy Grail" Mandeville Aud , $1.00, shown 

again at 10 :30. 
7:30 pm - Meeting· Folk Dance, Recreation Conference Room. 
8 pm - Play. " Wedding Band" The UCSD Theatre. 

(' S F~' B' de. F 
: 15 ny ik ide . e t!"llo~m 

Sponsored by the UCSD Bike Club. 

NJ .... ' ..,.1I11 welcome. 

7:30 pm - Movie . " Woman Under the Influence" $1.00, 2722 USB, shown again at 10:30. 
8 pm - Play. " Wedding Band" All students $1.50 General $3.00 UCSD Theater, tickets 

<lvailable at Drama Dept. noon to 4 pm 407 Mathews Campus. 

I ~n o:ioo .m ·ctlt95!Y.rt..a Jolla Shorcs Dr. : 
Ca • 30a.m.3/l p.. I 
Thlisc al : ~noQn (n n . J"""'-
NO TIME - Trip. Fourth College Outing Club is sponsoring a 3-hour trip to see the 

Migration of California Gray Whales, of the San Diego Coast, cost per person will be $2.50 
inAdvanc . Call xt4582,formoreinformation. 

7 pm - Duplicate Bridge, now sanctloned by A.C.B.L., Revelle North Dining hall. 
8 pm - Play. " Wedding Band" For Info. s Saturday at 8 pm. 
8 Plll- Ballel. Polish Mime Ball t , Mandeville Aud. Modern,lyri ai, vital and frt'qucntly 

ITollc mime B<lllet. Students UCSD $3.00 General $4.50 

Monday, January Zi, 1976 • rl •• tI •• 1 n.~ 
.San Diego Symphony Outshined by Guest 

by Daniel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

Once again, ; the San Diego 
Symphony was outplayed by its 
guest artist; in the case of last 
Friday by pianist Gina Baehauer. 
Her performance of ~he faf!10us 
piano concerto No.2 111 C mill or, 
Op. 18 by Sergei Raclunaninoff was 
as much a marvel to see as it was 
to hear. 

Bachauer, a former student of 
Rachmaninoff, is one of the Grand 
Dames of the concert world . She 
can evoke dignity simply by the 
way she walks on the stage. It was 
even more present when she 
s ituated herself at the piano and 
began the a ustere opening chords 
of the concerto. As soon as 
Bachauer reached the rolling 
arpegios (broken chords), 
however, all pretensions of dignity 
vanished as her hands and anns 
flew over the keyboard. 

The first movement of the 
concerto was too visual. The 

audience had to rely more on sight 
than on sound to receive the full 
value of the music because the 
orchestra-piano balance was 
terrible . It was virtually im-
possible to hear Baehauer 
throughout much of the first 
movement. The orchestra and 
piano we re moving on separa tr 
dyn!Jmic planes, becoming loud 
and soft together , but always out of 
halancc . 

There was a marked im-
provement of balance in the second 
movement which was played in a 
beautiful, almost flawless, albeit 
technical, manner . Instead of 
being a deterrent, as in the first 
movement, the balance proved to 
be an asset. Basically the same 
statement could be made con-
cerning the third movement. 

The only problem with 
Baehauer's perfonnance was its 
extreme technical nature. She 
sounded almost like a machine, 
mechanically blocking the rhyth-
ms and placing too much emphasis 

LOSE 20 POUNDS 
IN TWO WEEKS III 

Famous U.S. Women Ski Team Diet 
During the non-snow off seosan the U.S. Women's Alpine Ski Team 

members go on the "Ski Team" diet to lose 20 pounds in two weeks . 
Thol's rlghl -- 20 pounds in 14 doys! The bos is of the d iet is chemical 
food oction ond wos devised by 0 fomous Colorado physician 
especiall y for Ihe U.S. Ski Team. Normol energy is maintained (very 
importont! ) while reducing . You keep " full " -- no slorvotion -- because 
the diet is designed that way. It's a diet that is easy 10 follow whether 
you work , lrovel or stay at home . 

This is honeslly a fantastically successful d iel. If is weren 't, Ihe U.S. 
Women's Ski Team wouldn't be permitted to use it! Right? So. g ive 
yoursel f Ihe some break the U.S. Ski Team gets. Lose weight the 
scientifIC, proven woy . Even if you' ve tried 011 the other d iets, you owe 
it to yourself to try the U.S. Women 's Ski Team Diet. T~at is, if you 
reotly do want to lose 20 pounds in two weeks. Order toda y. Tea r this 
out as 0 reminder. 

Send only $2.00 [$2.25 for Rush Service] - cash is O.K. to; R.D.S . 
Products, P.O. Box 834, Dept. 19, Del Mar, Cal iforn io 92014. Don 't 
order unless you wont to lose 20 pounds in two weeksl Because that 's 
what the Sk i Team Diet is designed to do!! 

on the superficial phrase struc-
tures. If she had allowed tr > work 
to emote more naturally, even at 
thc expense of some rhythmic 
precision, Bachauer would have 
been much better. 

Th~ sy mphony opened the 
evening with an uninspired per· 
formance of Liszt's " Mephisto 
Waltz, Op. 110." In fact , at times , 
the performance was very poor. 
The strings were disorganized , and 
the trumpets were so bad that they 
almost ruined the entire piece. 

The remainder of the concert 
was much improved. It was indeed 
a pleasure to listen to the " Two 
Roumanian Dances," by Bartok-
Weiner. The finale, the Concert 
Suite from Bartok 's " The 
Miraculous Mandarin" was, with 
the exception of the trumpet 
section, very good. Once again , the 
trumpets showed that they were 
the bane of the orchestra. For-
tunately, though, the rest of the 
symphony managed to play around 
them, leading the concert to a 
successful conclusion. 

Tuck . . 
Nixon's sepulchre," he added. 

On a variety of other topics Tuck 
said : 

-Presidential candidate Jimmy 
Carter: " He always reminds me of 
a kid with a note pinned to his 
sweater who's wa iting at the bus 
stop to go to camp"; 

-President Ford: " The only 
suspense in his campaign is what 
he will do next to help Reagan"; 

-Presidential candidate Ronald 
Reagan : " People call him an 
actor like it's something bad-but 
being an actor certainly isn 't as 
bad as being a politician." 

-The Nixon White House tapes: 
" They reminded me of a Woody 
Allen movie." 

-The future of humor in politics : 
" There will a lways be pompous 
politicians who take themselves 
too seriously. " 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

TRUCKER 
A Portrait of the Last America n Cowboy 

By Jane Stern 
McGraw·Hill , $12.50 cloth, $6.95 paper, 165 pp. 

The trucker, a lonesome romantic who rides the interstates as his 
forebears rode the range, finally gets his due in this study in words and 
pictures by a woman whose prose throbs and pulses in perfect time with 
the lives of the gearjammers who cruise the roads for a living. 

T~e modern truck~r, a~ she points out and her perceptive photographs 
testify , even looks hke his 19th-century counterpart, right down to the 
tooled leather boots, the wide-brim hat, and the deep lines in the 
weathered faces of men grown old before their time from riding too hard 
too fast. 

Stern chronicles the trucker's history (cowboy to railroad man to 
~rucke.r ), de~cribes his tr~cks (up to .$75,000 for a tractor-trailer rig), 
IIltervlews his lovers (waitresses, Wives, whores, hitchhikers fellow 
truckers ), apotrophizes his roads and truck stops, and even h~s a few 
words on his soul (there are truck-driving poets) and his future (which 
includes blacks and women ). 

" Trucker" was three years in the making, and it is a sensitive look at a 
~tereotyped profession. Jane Stern 's m.arriage of words to images makes 
It a JOY to read, and, except for some mexcusably sloppy editing it is a 
flawless and fascinating work. ' 

THE RUINS OF TIME 
Four and a Half Centuries 

-JOH BLOOM 

or Conquest and Discovery Among the Maya 
Praeger, $12.50, 272 pp. 

The ninth-century Classic Period of the Maya Indians, characterized by 
intricately carved religious architecture, disintegrated for reasons which 
remain a mystery. All we know is that a period of decline followed and 
then in the early 16th century the Spanish-propelled, as alway;, by 
avarice and religion-stumbled upon a decadent people who exhibited a 
fri ghtful mixture of artistry and cruelty. 

A rigid hierarchical order of priest.s ruled the lower classes, sacrificing 
children, women and young men ILke so many sheep. " Beneath the 
plumes and the arabesques , there is seen the half-bestial glare of 
neolithic man, uncertain and fearful," recounts David Adamson in this 
we ll-resea rched account of the Maya. 

Over the next four centuries various countries vied for control of these 
bizarre people, and even though today they are divided among British 
Honduras , Mexico and Guatemala , the natives retain a frigid aura of 
independence which is no doubt a spiritual legacy of the Classic Maya . 

The conquest of the Maya is a story of much treachery, bloodshed , and 
disease. Those explorers who survived the deadly jungle diseases often 
had to face the machetes of the Indians, and the Indians frequently met 
indiscriminate slaughter by their conquerors. 

The discovery of the city of Tikal, the classic civilization's "greatest 
c reation ," a nd the deCiphering of the Maya hieroglyphs in the 19th cen-
tury sent a rcheologists scurrying to the Yucatan peninsula to learn more 
about the Classic Maya, whose calendrical system is one of the most 

The Student Volunleer Center IS complex ever discovered. Today new interpretations of the hieroglyphs 
_******************************. now recruiting sludents who would have raised controversies that continue to delight the archeotogists. * w like to gel involved In volunleer Adamson 's book provides an excellent summary of the information *-4 TT'E'NrJlJ:Q'1\.T * community work . The Center will now known about the Maya, but in parts he bogs down in irrelevant detail 
.jf1 ~ ~ I '1 , : serve os a clearinghouse where about the lives of the explorers, numbing the excitement of his tale . His 
* . * studenlS can InqUIre ond obtoln writing, too, is erratic-clean and spirited in some chapters, dense in 
** Juniors * referrols obaut volunteer work others. He provides some provoking discussions of the calendrical 

* 0pp0rluntlles ovoiloble through- systems, however , and some thoughtful insights on the Maya's 
:: - and :: oul the Son D,ego oreo. m ysterious nature. -MARY EUiO 
* Seniors * =-;:;;;r;;;,;;-;:J;l:iGO:Jl~~=~;;-;:-,oo;~","", r;)5'i';;;!~"WI>'1I:~r.-;:"l\lOr."""::"1<D":""""""''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''=-~-
* .* 
* * 
* * * * 
* * :: Get a :: 

* 
* FREE Diamond! i 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* * 

When you purcha e a n y 14K GOLD UCSD 
Class Ring by Solon and Co. 

'Your Class R ing 
Represen tative wilJ be on Campus Wed., 

T hurs., and Fri., Jan. 28 , 29, & 30, 1976, to 
a88i8t you with your Class Ring ord er 

University Bookstore 
10:00 a m - 3 :00 p m 

* * 
* # 
* : 
* 
* 
* 
* *. : 
* 
* : 

PATRICK s. SOLON " CO., INC. : 
21062 Miramar * 
Huntinaton Bueh, CA 92646 I 
714-536-9569 : 

u.c., san diego campus program board 

'~~ 
= = POII~ .lllT 
IHIAIIII 

" •.. spectacular ..• 
extraordinary ... " 

Newsweek 

" .•. ariginal and successful. 
The effect is an unparal-
leled display of eroticism 
and sensuousness •.. " 

Afte r Dark 

!lreal mime" 
Marcel Marceau 

lel>.I.1 • Spl •• 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIllM 

ucsd t. $3 g.a.$4.50 
uc d box office 

452-4090 II 
:1 

·*: •• '~*~~.~I*.:** •• :.*'~*~~*~l*~I****.*,, ~''-j.w~~~~~~~~~ 



Pagl" ... r 

1'II'I1'h.~~bout the usc and abuse of 

Munday, January 21, IBiS 

4 pm - Ml'cting- Table Tennis, Recreation Conference Room Main Gym. 
4 pm - Movie- "Requiem" Mandeville Aud . 

erence Room Student Center. 4 pm - l.ccture- "Thl; Ultraviolet Extinction Law Revisited" Dr. Reinder von Duinen, 
~WOlfl.ol ..... Ift!IL.jft'O, . na' rapist. 41 2 MCRoom17 . HLl205. 

12 pm - C emistry Seminar, 2105 Bonner Hall, Revelle . Dr. Malcom Gefter, MIT, 4 pm - Marine Chemistry Seminar, 202 Scripps, S10. Dr. George Somero, "The Mediwn 
12 noon - M~eting. Condition, Wrestling Room. 4 pm - Lel'turc- "Nonlinear Quantum Field Theory" Dr. Brosi Hasslacher , AP&M 2250. 

"Enzymati eehanism or DNA Synthesis." Just Might be the Message: Some Thoughts on Water as a 'Raw Material' in Protein 
12 pm - Re arcb on Algae Luncheon Meeting, 2145 Ritter Hall, S10. Dr. Howard Rosen. Evolution." 

California S!flte Univ. at I.A., will lead an informal discussion on efCects of caffeine on 4 pm - Meeting. Revelle Residence Hall Board Meeting, Blake Hall. 
repair of mutations and mitotic recombination in Chlamydomonas. 4 pm - Mel'ting· Feminist Coalition, Woman's Centcr. 

3 pm - Meeting. Chancellors Advisory Committee on the Handicapped, Disabled 4:30 pm - Biology Department Seminar Series, 104 CR Bldg, Third College. Dr. Howard 
Student" Center. ,Gr T. "Studi' the h a . ferentiation of the Epidermal Keralinocyte in 

3 pm - Meeting- Revelle Cui es - A sson . rne Study of Teratomas." 
3pm-PracticeWoman'sS . m-Me g-Gy ti alconyMainGym. 
3:30 pm - APIS Seminar USB, eetin itness b, con.ain Gym. 

. Revelle. Dr. Jan Siren, "Meas etin riton ga ety, 902 Tioga Hall. 
3:30 pm-EconomicsDepar t inar eeting· n ' ty. h"cony. MainGym. 

MIT, "Imperfect Information and Optimal Pollution Control." :30 pm - Meeting- America n Sign Language Class. Disablell Students Ccnt(' r. 
4 pm - Meeting. Students For Tom Hayden, Call Student Center for place. 7 pm - Meeting· "Acupuncture and Peoples Health Care" Sponsored by S.A.T.C. H. 2622 
4 pm - Meeting Table Tennis, Recreation Conference Room. USB. 
4 pm - 197& Calbiochem-UC San Diego Foundation Lectureship in Chemistry, 2622 USB, 7:30 pm - Meeting- Trident Christian Fellowship Revelle Formal Lounge. 

Revelle. Dr. H. Gobind Khorana, Alfred P. Sloan Professor of Biology and Chemistry, 7:30 pm - Meeting. E.A.B. Meeting, Revelle Informal Lounge. 
MIT, "Chemistry of the Nucleic Acids: (a) Chemistry of the Constituents and Derivation 7 :30 pm - Lecture- "Nun, Witeh and Playmate". The Amcricanization of Sex, Matthcw~ 
of the Macromolecular Structures." (b) Chemical Synthesis of Polynucleotides." Rec Center. 

4 pm - Solid Mechanics and Structures Seminar, 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. Wolfgang 8 pm - Dance. Old Time Country Dancing, Recreation Conference Room . Free . 
G. Knauss, CIT, " Fracture Induced by Stress Waves." 8:30 pm - Concert- Local Talent, Lower Muir Commons, Muir 5& Dime. Free. 

4:30pm- Women's Basketball, USIU vs. UCSD. Main Gym. 
4 :30 pm - Meeting Gymnastics, South Balcony, Main Gym. 
5 pm - Clinic Birth Control Center, Health Center, Appointments and information can be 

obtained Tues. and Thur. 9 am to 3 pm. 
5 pm - Art. Undergraduate Work Paintings And Drawings, Opening 1st floor Humanities 

Library Refreshmentl;. 
5:30 pm - Meeting Science Fiction Club, Agenda, "A group Discussion Of Uncon-

ventional Space-Flight Propulsion in Science Fiction Literature" Lounge Conference 
Room Student Center. 

6 pm - Dinner. Native American's Potluck Dinner, 4627 Ocean Blvd. 11306, For info. call 
Beverly Varga ext. 4393. . 

9~rV(~Ih""Fb¥ Meti.\Wi1MtJ11 
12n 
12 n 

floor 
12 noon - Workshop. Social Skills Workshop, workshop to improve your ability to relate 

more successfully with others Revelle Counselors Office. 
12 noon - Meeting- Philatelic Society, Muir Activities Office Lower Muir Commons. If 

you can't attend call x4675. 

6 pm - Meeting Belly Dance, West Balcony, Main G:t 
6:30 pm - Student. All Students, Your second c a to vOfJlnWM" 

Administration Hospital, Hospital Conference Room. 

12 noon - Workshop. Social Skills development for students desiring to improve their 
inCilr alski Reve eCounselorsOffice. 

1 p L h. h and informal conversation with Walter Heller, Revelle South 
s D' I g . 

6:30 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Residence Hall rd etin 
stairs Mathews Campus. 

7 pm - Meeting Fourth College Outing Club, Mathe . 
7 pm - Meeting Christian Science Organization. All welcom Blake Hall. 
7:30 pm - Lecture. An Evening with Dr. Theresa L. Crenshaw and Dr. Robert T. 

Crenshaw, Nationally known sex therapists Fourth College Cafeteria. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. Traneendental Meditators, Revelle Lounge. 
7:45 pm - Meeting- Aikido, Wrestling Room 
8 pm - Meeting Fourth College Program Board, Mathews Rec. Center. 
8 pm - Lecture. Art Critic Amy Goldin " Decoration and The Class Struggle" AP&M 

2313. 
8 pm - Meeting Israeli Dance. l{ecrca tion Conference Room, Main Gym . 
9 pm - Movie. " Dead End", Muir Snack Bar. 

9 am - Workshop. Studies Motivation Workshop : This wor~hoo will be for students who 
feci un olivat dol' unorgani7.ed or both about their stu<li s, Re cllc Counselors Offic(' . 

11 am - Lecture. " An An&ular Spectrum Approach To Stratified Media Problems", 
Larry Stotts, aval Electronics Laboratory AP&M RoomB301. 

12 noon- Meeting Professions In America 302 Mathews Campus. 
12 noon- Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
12noon - Meeting. Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12 noon - Art. Undergraduate Work Paintings & Drawings, 1st floor Humanities 

Library . 
12 noon - Concert. Concert sponsored by the Muir Program Board. Bring lunch, Lower 

Muir Quad. 
12 :30 - Lunch. Lunch and informal conversation with Alan Schneider, AMES Professor 

and pollution researcher, in the Revelle South Dining Room. Resident students may enter 
using their meal cards through the cafeteria . Others may enter through the side door. All 
are welcome. 

2:30 pm - Lecture. " Informal Discussion (If Experiments on Superfluid Helium-3" Dr. 
John C. WheaUy, UCSD H&SS 1106. 

4 pm - Meeting Revelle Program Board. Revelle Provost Office. 
4 pm - Meeting. Disabl d Students Union Meeting, Disabled Students Center. 
4 pm - Calbiochem-UC San Diego Foundation Lectureship in Chemistry, 2622 USB, 

Revclle . Dr. H. Gobind Khorana, MIT, "The Genetic Code." 
4:30 pm - Lecture " Hecent Studies In Black American Literature", Lloyd W. Brown, 

International Center. 
4 :30 pm - Meeting Gymnastics, South Balcony Main Gym. 
6 pm - Meeting Pcp Band, Recreation Conference Room Main Gym. 
7 pm - Meeting Gay Students Association , Revelle Informal Lounge. 
7 pm - Movic. Human Sexuality Program movie "Sunday Bloody SWlday" Discussion to 

foli o\\' , MatthC'ws Cafeteria. 
7 pm - MO\'ic- " A La Brava," " La Migra" and " La Cosecha" 2722 USB . 
7 pm - Meeting. A.A.S.A. Meeting, Revelle Formal Lounge . 
7 :30 pm - Meeting- Folk Dancc, Recreation Conference Room Main Gym. 
7:30 pm - Roger Hedgecock Lecture, Revelle Formal Lounge, Revelle. The topic to be 

discussed is environmental law . Followed by a question and answer period . Free . 
7:30 pm - Meeting· Alpha Omega Alliance, Psychology and Linguistics Bldg. Boom 3515. 
8 pm - Atomic Cafe, Mandl!vilIe Recital Hall . Free. 

12 noon AJ: Und rgraduate Work Paintinglf'~nd QraWlll!s 
12 nool' WurkshjJp f I' stu nts slibject to dismi&&al a 

Coun lor qffk . -
12 n n - Meetlng- GQnditiolli g resl.lin~ . 
12 noor- Clinic. Sex Clinic, for students seeking information or counseling on sexual 

concerns Hcvellc Counselors Office . 
12 noor, - Meeti ng- Belief and Beyond Belief, 302 Me. 
12 pm - Festival Chkano Film, Mandeville Aud . " Requiem 29. " Free. 
12 :30 pm - Rev 'lle Community C(!.llcr tunpnts and the C.I.A. "What Happened with 

Saxon" E la~c Hall . 
I pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, I.ounge Conference Room Student Center. 
2 pm - Mt'Cting. Woman 's Swap Meet, Woman's Center. 
2 pm - AMES Film Series, 7104 Urey Hall , Revelle. " Fluid Dynamics of Drag, Pt. III. " 
3 pm - Meeting- R.C.C.A., Revelle Provost Office. 
3 pm - Meeting . Disabled Students Union Me ting, Disabled Students Center, All 

welcome! 
3 pm - Meeting- Revelle Committee on College Affairs, Bevelle Provost Office. 
:J::l0 pm - Department of Economics Seminar, 321611.L. Bldg., Revelle . Halbert White, 

MIT. " A Micro Wa~ Equation: Implication of Different Underlying Theories and 
Estl mati on. " 

:l :30 pill - Physical Oceanography eminar, IGPP Conference Room, SIO. Mr. Juli,J11 
McCreary. "E<lstcrn 0 'can R sp ns' to ClliJn~i ng Wind Systellls with Application to EI 

ono." 

4 pm - Poetry. Dramatic Readings from hicano Prose and Po try by UCSD students 
MandeviIl Art Gallery. 

12: - mner n Series, Sumner Aud., S10. Dr. Howard A. Wilcox, Navy 
-Wn anI', Pl. L a, will present a color slide program on "The Ocean Energy and 

Oc ms." 
1 pm - Mel' ng. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
2 pm - Meeting- Revelle Community Center Volunteer Program, Revelle Community 

Center. 
3 pm - Meeting. Meet your Provost, munchies too, Muir Provost Office. 
4 pm - Lecture. "Some Results Concerning the Stationary and Nonstationary Driving 

B havior of a Tractor-Semitrailer-Vehicie" Hans Troger 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle Campus. 
4 pm - Lecture. "Some New Results on the Mahajan-LaQuey Nonlinear Model of the 

Trapped Ion Mode" Dr. John Krommes 2622 USB. 
4 pm - Meeting- Frisbee, Muir Basketball Courts. 
4 pm - Cosmochemistry Seminar, 2101 Urey Hall, Revelle . Dr. Gerald J . Wa/ioSCrburg, 

CIT. His topic is to be announced. 
4: 30 pm - Meeting- Gymnastics, South Balcony Main Gym. 
5 pm - Meeting-Sports Car Club, Lounge Conference Room Student. 
6 pm - Meeting- Muir Outing Club, AP&M 2402. 
6:30 pm - Meeting. Career Options Workshop. Participants will focus on the process of 

defining possible career directions and assessing career factors important to them 412 
:Matlhcws Campus Room 15. 

6:45 pm - Sports. Ice Hockey Night. Special discount tickets and free transportation 
available for Thursday's exciting hockey match between the Mariners and the Calgary 
Cowboys, tickets available before Tues. noon at $2.50 in the Rec Gym Office. 

7 pm - Movie- "Celebracion" and "Survival" Discussion with Moctezuma Esparza, 2722 
USB. 

7 pm - Meeting·Fencing, West Balcony, Main Gym. 
7:30 pm - Female Sexuality, Presentation of the recent KPBS panel discussion on 

women and sex, Fou rth College Cafeteria. 
7:30 pm- Meeting·Ski Club, Cr 104, Third College. 
7:30 pm - Lecture." Sexism in Advertising", presented by N.O.W., Muir 2B 1103. 
8 pm - Geological Sciences Seminar, IGPP Conference Room, SIO. Dr. David W. School, 

U.S.G.S., " Meiji Sediment Tongue and the Aleutian Abyssal Plain, Evidence in the North 
Pacific for Limited Relative Motion Between the Pacific and American Plates During the 
Past50m.y." 

J,.,ijfft .... U,4IlefUr: ." A 
rll p. 

t. U.{lder 
1 on - eeUilg-,....,lWJ .... I 

Conference Room 2148 HS&S. 

<!l)Il!s P&L 111 O. 
~1.0 dismissal see Wed. for details. 
ngs Istfloor Humanities Library. 

II students welcome, Muir College 

12:05 pm - Lecture. "Seasonal Changes in the Intertidal Algal Cover of Rocky Shores in 
Oregon, As Affected by Grazing etc." Dr. John Cubit, 307 Vaughan Hall. 

I pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meet ing, Lounge Conference Room. 
2 pm - Lecture. " Navy Biomedical Research and Development at Naval Electronic 

l.aboratory Center" Dr. John Silva B248 BSB Mathews Campus. 
2 pm - Lecture. "Computer Processing of EEG". Prof. H. Bickford, B248 BSB Matthews ('ampus. . 
4 :30 pm - Meeting-Gymansties, South Balcony, Main Gym. 
7 pm - Meeting- Campus Crusade for Christ, Winzer Commons, BSB School of Medicine. 
7:30 pm - Movie. " Monty Python and the Holy Grail" Mandeville Aud, $1.00, shown 

again at 10: 30. 
7 :30 pm - Meeting- Folk Dance, Recreation Conference Room. 
8 pm- Play. " Wedding Band" The UCSD Theatre. 

(' s Pi 
B' 

: 15 III 8ik ide. . e t~.i!WlTIU..AI 
Sponsored by the UCSD Bike Club. 

II welcome. 

7:30 pm - Movie. " Woman Under the Influence" $1.00, 2722 USB, shown again at 10 :30. 
8 pm - Play. "Wedding Band" All stud nts $1.50 General $3.00 UCSD Theater, tickets 

available at Drama 0 pI. noon to 4 pm 407 Mathews Campus. 

~n o :i~[:! . 
Ca • 30a. .' 
Elvisc al : noX (n ) 

Jolla Shores Dr.: 

NO TIME - Trip. Fourth College Outing Club is sponsoring a 3-hour trip to sec the 
Migration of Califorllla Gray Whales, of the San Diego Goa t , cost per person will be $2.50 
111 Advance . all ext 4582, for more information. 

7 pm - Duplicate Bridgc, now sanction d by A.C.B.L., Revell North Dining hall. 
8 pm - Play. " Wedding Band" For info. see Saturday at 8 pm. . 
8 pm - Ballet. Polish Mime B<lllet, Mandcville Aud. Modern , lyrica l, vital and fn.>qucnti)' 

l'rotic mim Ballrt. Students UCSD $3.00 General $4.50 

Mllnday, January 21, 197& • rlfon .1 OX'S 
.San Diego Symphony O utshined by Guest 

by Daniel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

Onee again" the San Diego 
Symphony was outplayed by its 
guest artist; in th~ case of last 
Friday by pianist GlOa Baehauer. 
Her performance of .the fa~ous 
piano concerto No. 2 III C mlllor, 
Op. 18 by Sergei Rachmaninoff was 
as much a marvel to see as it was 
to hear . 

Bachauer, a former student of 
Rac/unaninoff, is one of the Grand 
Dames of the concert world. She 
ca n evoke dignity simply by the 
way she walks on the stage. It was 
even more present when she 
situated herself at the piano and 
began the austere opening chords 
of the concerto. As soon as 
Bachauer reached the rolling 
arpegios (broken chords), 
however, all pretensions of dignity 
vanished as her hands and arms 
flew over the keyboard. 

The first movement of the 
concerto was too visual. The 

audience had to rely more on sight 
than on sound to receive the full 
value of the music because the 
orchestra-piano balance was 
terrible. It was virtually im· 
possible to hear Bachauer 
throughout much of the first 
movement. The orchestra and 
piano were moving on separ~t(' 
d~'namic planes, becoming loud 
and soft together, but always out of 
balance. 

There was a marked im-
provement of balance in the second 
movement which was played in a 
beautiful, almost flawless, albeit 
teclU1ical, manner. Instead of 
being a deterrent, as in the first 
movement, the balance proved to 
be an asset. Basically the same 
statement could be made con-
cerning the third movement. 

The only problem with 
Bachauer's performance was its 
extreme technical nature. She 
sounded almost like a machine, 
mechanically blocking the rhyth-
ms and placing too much emphasis 

LOSE 20 POUNDS 
IN TWO WEEKS III 

Famous U.S. Women Ski Team Diet 
During the non·snow off season the U.S. Women's Alpine Ski Team 

members go on the "Ski Team" diet 10 lose 20 pounds in two weeks. 
That's right -- 20 pounds in 14 days! The basis of Ihe diet is chemical 
food action and was devised by a famous Colorado physician 
especially for the U.S_ Ski Team. Normal energy is mainta ined (very 
important!) while reducing. You keep "full" -- nostarvalion -- because 
the diet is designed thai way. It 's a diet that is eosy to follow whether 
you work, travel or stay at home . 

This is honestly a fantaslically successful diet. If is weren't, the U.S. 
Women's Ski Team wouldn'l be permiffed to use it! Right? So, give 
yourself the some break the U.S. Ski Team gets. lose weIght the 
scienlific. proven way. Even if you've tried all the olher diels , you owe 
it to yourself to try the U.S. Women's Ski Team Diet. T~ot is, if you 
reatly do want to lose 20 pounds in two weeks. Order today. Tear this 
out os a rem inder . 

Send only $2.00 r$2.25 for Rush Servicel - cosh is O.K. to : R.D.S. 
Products. P.O. Box 834, Dept. 19, Del Mar, California 920)4. Don't 
order unless you wont to lose 20 pounds in two weeh! Because that 's 
what the Ski Team Diet is designed to doll 

on the superficial phrase struc-
tures. If she had allowed tJ>n work 
to emote more naturally, even at 
the expense of some rhythmic 
precision, Bachauer would have 
been much better. 

The symphony opened the 
evening with an uninspired per-
formance of Liszt's " Mephisto 
Waltz, Op. 110." In fact , at times, 
the performance was very poor. 
The strings were disorganized, and 
the trumpets were so bad that they 
almost ruined the entire piece. 

The remainder of the concert 
was much improved. It was indeed 
a pleasure to listen to the " Two 
Roumanian Dances," by Bartok· 
Weiner. The finale, the Concert 
Suite from Bartok 's "The 
Miraculous Mandarin" was, with 
the exception of the trumpet 
section, very good. Once again, the 
trumpets showed that they were 
the bane of the orchestra. For-
tunately, though, the rest of the 
symphony managed to play around 
them, leading the concert to a 
successful conclusion. 

Tuck . . 
Nixon's sepulchre," he added. 

On a variety of other topics Tuck 
said: 

-Presidential candidate Jimmy 
Carter: " He always reminds me of 
a kid with a note pinned to his 
sweater who's waiting at the bus 
stop to go to camp" ; 

-President Ford : " The only 
suspense in his campaign is what 
he will do next to help Reagan"; 

-Presidential candidate Ronald 
Reagan: " People call him an 
actor like it's something bad-but 
being an actor certainly isn't as 
bad as being a politicia n. " 

-The Nixon White House tapes : 
" They reminded me of a Woody 
Allen movie." 

-The future of humor in politics : 
" There will always be pompous 
politicians who take themselves 
too seriously. " 

ANNO UNCEMENT 

TRUCKER 
A Portrait of the Last American Cowboy 

By Jane Stern 
McGraw-HilI , $12.50 cloth, $6.95 paper, 165 pp. 

The trucker, a lonesome romantic who rides the interstates as his 
fore bears rode the range, finally gets his due in this study in words and 
pictures by a woman whose prose throbs and pulses in perfect time with 
the lives of the gearjammers who cruise the roads for a living. 

T~e modern trucker, as she points out and her perceptive photograplis 
testify, even looks hke his 19th'century counterpart, right down to the 
tooled leather boots, the wide-brim hat, and the deep lines in the 
weathered faces of men grown old before their time from riding too hard 
too fast. 

Stern chronicles the trucker's history (cowboy to railroad man to 
~rucke.r), de~cribes his tr~cks (up to . $75,000 for a tractor-trailer rig), 
mtervlews his lovers (waItresses, Wives, whores, hitchhikers fellow 
truckers ), apotrophizes his roads and truck stops, and even h~ a few 
words on his soul (there are truck-driving poets ) and his future (which 
includes blacks and women) . 

" Trucker" was three years in the making, and it is a sensitive look at a 
stereotyped profession. Jane Stern's marriage of words to images makes 
it a joy to read, and, except for some inexcusably sloppy editing it is a 
nawless and fascinating work. ' 

THE RUINS OF TIME 
Four and a HaU Centuries 

-JOHN BLOOM 

of Conquest and Discovery Among the Maya 
Praeger, $12.50, 272 pp. 

The ninth-century Classic Period of the Maya Indians, characterized by 
intricately carved religious architecture, disintegrated for reasons which 
remain a mystery. All we know is that a period of decline followed and 
then in the early 16th century the Spanish-propelled, as alway;, by 
avarice and religion-stumbled upon a decadent people who exhibited a 
frightful mixture of artistry and cruelty. 

A rigid hierarchical order of priests ruled the lower classes, sacrificing 
children, women and young men like so many sheep. " Beneath the 
plumes and the arabesques, there is seen the half-bestial glare of 
neolithic man, uncertain and fearful ," recounts David Adamson in this 
well-researched account of the Maya . 

Over the next four centuries various countries vied for control of these 
bizarre people, and even though today they are divided among BritIsh 
Honduras, Mexico and Guatemala , the natives retain a frigid aura of 
independence which is no doubt a spiritual legacy of the Classic Maya . 

The conquest of the Maya is a story of much treachery, bloodshed, and 
disease. Those explorers who survived the deadly jungle diseases often 
had to face the machetes of the Indians, and the Indians frequently met 
indiscriminate sla ughter by their conquerors. 

The discovery of the city of Tikal, the classic civilization's "greatest 
creation ," and the deCiphering of the Maya hieroglyphs in the 19th cen-
tury sent archeologists scurrying to the Yucatan peninSUla to learn more 
about the Classic Maya, whose calendrical system is one of the most 

The Student Volunleer Cenler IS complex ever discovered . Today new interpretations of the hieroglyphs 
•******************************_ now recruIting studen ts who would have raised cont roversies that continue to delight the archeologists. lIke to get involved in volunteer Adamson's book provides an excellent summary of the information #-4 TT'E11\.TTTOI7\.T * commun ity work. The Center wtl l now kf10wn about the Maya, but in parts he bogs down in irrelevant detail p. i l ~ ~ I :1 ,. :: serve os 0 clearinghouse where about the lives of the explorers, numbing the excitement of his tale. His 
* . * studenls ca n inqUire ond obtoln writing, too, is erratic-clean and spirited in some chapters, dense III 
** Juniors * referrols aboul volunleer work others. He provides some provoking discussions of the calendrical 

* opportun,tles avatlable through- systems, however, and some thoughtful insights on the Maya's 
* and * out the San Diego area . mysterious nature. -MARY ELSON # Seniors :: ~~;;-;;;Y~~~""iYl"\'iii"iY?~I'Mt~~~~~~-.::NlC""""'~=-=-=~=~"""""""~ 
* * 
* * 
* * 
* * 
* * i Get a ! 
* * i FREE Diamond! ! 
* * 
:: When you purchase any 14K GOLD UCSD :: 
: Class Ring by Solon a nd Co. :: 
* * 
* * # 'Your Closs R jng :: i Represen tative will beon Campus Wed., i 
* Thurs., a nd Fri., Ja n . 28,29, & 30 , 1976, to * 
* * :: a88i8t you with your Clas8 R ing order I 
! I * University Bookstore *. 
:: I O:OO am-3:00pm ! 
* * 
* * * * :: * * PATRICK S. SOLON" CO., INC. * 
* 21062 Mirlmlr * 
* Huntinaton Belch, . CA 92646 * 
* 714-536-9569 I : 

u.e_, san diego campus program board 

,. 

I II 
POII~ .llIT IH~AIID 
" ..• spec tacula r ••. 

extraordinary ... " 
Newsweek 

" ••. original and successful. 
The effect Is an unparal-
leled display of eroticism 
and sensuousness ••• " 

After 

l'real mime" 
Ma rcel Ma r ceau 

fel>.l. 
MANDEVILLE 

• SPill 
AUDITORIlTM 

ucsd st. $3 g.a.$4.50 
uc d box offi e 

452-4090 II 
:: *1 
••••••••• **.*.**.*************.:nm~~ .... r~~.~w~~~q~~~~ 



Ja!~~ks~ho:'T~~~~ ~~~~~~~I::"' 
St, Writer world tyranny" by the United for its peoples. 

AmbaS8adl~1 Rikhi Jaipal, 
Permanent ~presentative of 
India to the Unit@d Nations, spoke 
at the UC Sar. Diego International 
Center Wednesday evening on the 
topic of "The So-called Tyranny of 
the Majority in the UN. " 

Jaipal began his talk by 
providing his 'listeners with some 
background information. He 
explained that the UN is composed 
of 144 member nations, 110 of 
which are considered " developing 
countries." Included in this group 
of third world powers is India. 

The UN is financially supported 
by its member natiolls; the budget 
is apportioned among the mem-
bers on the basis of the general 
economic level and capacity of 
each. The United States presently 
contributes 25 percent of the 
money needed to support the 
organization, whereas the third 
world nations together pay only 
eight percent of the total UN 
budget. 

According to the UN charter, 
however, all members have equal 
rights and votes. So when issues 
arise that concern the developing 
nations, they have enough votes to 
constitute a majority. This voting 

States Ambassador to the UN. The In the establishment of a new 
denial of this s~l1ed "tyranny" economic order, the first world 
served as the basis for Jaipal's would be expected to make con-
discussion. cessions, but not those that would 

One issue that arose recently in alter the high standard of living in 
the UN on which the developing the West. What needs to be 
nations voted as a bloc was a altered, Jaipal pointed out, "are 
General Assemb1y resolution the patterns of waste in the 
declaring that " Zionism is a form Western world." 
of racism and racial During a short question and 
discrimination." The passage of answer period that followed the 
this resolution outraged the lecture, Jaipal clarified the aim of 
Western world; many nations development in the third world 
accused the countries who voted countries. " We do not want to 
yes on the issue of anti-Semitism. follow the route of industry taken 

Jaipal defended the third world 
voting bloc, however, arguing that 
it is " quite wrong to refer to it as 
the 'tyranny of the majority,' as 
the developing nations have ' the 
votes but not the power. " He did 
not elaborate on this point. 

A Better Deal-

Jaipal went on to say that what 
the third world countries really 
want is "a better deal from the 
Western world." Emphasizing the 
need for a new international 
economic order, he stressed that 
the underdeveloped nations are 
merely seeking to attain a certain 

by the Western world," he ex-
plained. " We simply don't have 
the capital." Instead, an adap-
tation of modern technology is 
desired for the development of the 
unindustrialized nations. 

ANNOtJNCEMENT 
University Hospital will hold on 

orienta t ion sessio n for new 
volunteers on Feb. 3. from 9 :30 -
12:30 . Inleresled students should 
conlacl C hoto Ben i tez or Dino 
A ssod 01 the Siudent Organizat ions 
Office, second floor Norlh, Siudent 
Cenler, o r coli Exlension 4617. 

Munday, January 21, 1976 

: 
Public Access TV ... 
support within the community,. cve members are going out into the 
community to tape events, speakers, meetings, or make documen-
taries or sportcasts. 

evc also teaches community members to do the programs them-
selves. Channel 24 has classes in \02" video production, makes %" 
equipment available for a low charge, and then cablecasts the 
programs made. 

No Charge For CablecasUng 
If anyone in the community cannot get Channel 24 at home, eve 

prOVides a viewing center at their office that people can use by ap-
pointment. To use the equipment, people must take a four day 
production class, or demonstrate an ability to correctly use the 
equipment. There is a small rental fee to use equipment, but no charge 
for cablecasting the programs_ 

Public access cable TV is slowly responding to local needs and 
desires ; it could forseeably be the means for opening new lines of 
communication_ " Hot" community disputes could be negotiated by 
the preparation of reasoned positions for transmission by cable_ In this 
way, public participation in political events and meetings could be 
increased by direct cablecast. 

Young filmmakers could have their images transfered to videotape 
I done by evC) and shown on the channel. Channel 24 cablecasts only 
two nights per week, Tuesday and Friday from 7 to 11, and will con-
t inue until participation demands more time. 

Peanut Butter Survey ... 
not objective, and not available as 
standing information in a super-
market," said Russo. 

" I want to prove that it (quality 
ratings) can be done and that 
reliable ratings can be obtained," 
continued Russo. 

If he is successful, Russo hopes 

to go on with further experiments 
to prove consumers will use Such 
ratings. 

The success of the study depends 
on large numbers of volunteer 
tasters. "Everyone on campus is 
invited to participate and can 
participate as many times as they 
want," Russo said. 

T RiYON TiMES CLAssiFiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates 

Classifieds should either be prlnled or typed on a 3" x 5" card lavallab le 
In T"ton Times office) . They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon aM 1 and 4 p m 

The fOllowing rates are for 100 spaces -- If you use more spaces . the rate 
will double. (100 spaces -- 25 cen ts: 101 to 200 -- 50 cents). 

Personals -- 51 
Lost and Found -- Iree 
Other ads. students -- 25 cents 

nonsludents -- $1 
Deadlines: 4 pm Friday for Monday: 4 pm Monday lor Wednesday; 4 pm 

Wednesday for Friday . 
Announcements: tree. All announcements will run in the Monday 

calendar . Deadline for calendar: 4 pm Friday. 
(All additions or corrections to listings In the Schedule of Classes for 

regular Universi t y courses will be charged $1 ). 

ItOUSiNG 
ROOM MATE wted 3 br condo. Solana Bch. 
Ocean front! Pools. tennis . JacuzzI. In-
credible view $160 ma Mike. 45J...7401 
11/26) 

M ROOMMATE WANTED 10 share large lIal 
In MISSion Hil lS. Many ex tras, canyon rim 
All er 6 eves . 295-0998 Paul . 1212) 

FOR RENT Own room In peaceful ocean 
beach house Clean light. yard. QUiet - Ideal 
All ulol,lles included SIOO Steven 222-7195 . 
270-1059 (1/30) 

Own rm . 3 bdrm 1 2 ba apl 595 lmo ren t 
Nea l . responSible . conSiderate non-smokmg 
sl udenl prelerred 2797509 11126) 

M ROOMMAT E WANTED. Own room. 4 
brm sal ,50/mo wal r Incl. Move," Feb 
1 453-9377 Go""""e Hig hlands 11/28) 

F ROOMMATE NEEDED to share 4 bdrm 
house In La Jolla 87 50! mo Call eVf" 459-
7072 11128) 
Own rm In 2 br apt In Clal remon t , MI F, 
qUiet. nonsmoker Ull inC. Call John 560-
5627 aller 4 pm S120 Mo (1/26) 

ROOMMATE wtd M or F own bf In Unlv 
City house $00 rno Nonsmoker share 
meals. Sr or( rad 453- 1587 (1126) 

Fantasllc house In Del Mar, Large luxurious 
house. has one vacant room . $125I mo. 755-
7269. Sieve. (1 126) 

FE MALE ROOMMATE WANTED. Own room 
on House in La Jolla. S87 .50. Call 459-7072. 
(1126) 

2 M /F Roommates needed . 2 rooms 
available in 4 bedrm house in Univ. City 
SIOO / mo. incl. utit . 452·8208. (1130) 

Roommate needed : move in Feb . 1 in 2 bdrm 
dpl. in OB . live w / Qulel Psych grad. 225-
I t63 or 459-3375. Ronl. (1 126) 

SERViCES 

Orum lessons LatlO-Afncan-Jazz rhythms, 
Congas-bongos and other percussion in -
sirumenlS II's FUN I 452-9584. (1/26) 

Ma(k Wenzel, Mime artist available for 
parties Superb entertai nmen t and 
reasonable rates Call 224-6011 (4/ 9) 

Anyone in leresled In lormlng an I Ching 
sludy group. call Tracy at 452-8972 evenings . 
11 128) 

TYPING 55 cen ts page . Reporls. Resumes. 
MISC Papers . el c IBM Selectric . Call BEE . 
753·7356 Please c lip ad . (1/30) 

Tul",mg - any and all levels 01 French . 
$5 /hr. or $3 lor one hall hour. 452-1410 
(2/2) 

TYPist IBM . Term paper-
sll hesisl d Issertations l elc . Edi tlng l rush 
jobs /Xerox . 560-8t71 or 452-1588. (3/12) 

STEREO REPAIR. Student with professional 
training and experience in stereo repair , 
oilers greatly reduced rates to Ihose on 
sludent budgets . Repa"s made on all makes 
and models, amps ,_ preamps , receivers , 
tuners. lapes. and lables . Repaired wilh 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE Call 
immediately for free estimate and or problem 
consullallon . Call 291 -5927 (1/23) 

Group sexual seminar information , 755· 
8150, The Black Hole . Private inqUiries 
welcum . KSHANTI. (1126) 

ProfeSSionally tra ined In Swedish massage . 
Strlclly legitimate, reasonable rates . Tom. 
436-0269. (I 126) 

Typmg and l or editing . term papers and 
olher manuscripls . Graduale EngliSh 
stUdenl . 454-4619 . 11/26) 

Blues Harmonica lessons . 272-8532. (t /26) 

TRAVEl 
EUROPE. ISRAEL. ORIENT. N.Y. TGC Low 
cosl flighls . 1436 S. La Cienega BI. L.A. 
90035. (714)735-9618 or (213)652-2727 . 
13/12) 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTE R FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS , BOOK EARLY . CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD IN-
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12·4pm . 452-0630. 13/12) 

WANTEd 
Need 10 rent car evenings only . Will 
neg01lale terms. Call Barbara . 488-5157. 
11/28) 

Used Bugle. Wanl to blow. need horn 10 do 
I .. Ask lor Robert at 755-7398. 11/26) 
WE A I Now Hiring . S5 .00 HR. 3 shilts; 9-t , 

Wanted - Stingray Bicycle . Any cond it ion . 
Call Chris at 452-8123. (1/26) 

Teachers al all levels, foreign & domestic. 
Teachers. Box 1063, Vancouver, Wash . 
98660. it /26) 

FOR SALE 
Sell or trade 7 4 250 CZ for 250 or larger 
Enduro of equal value . Make of fer . Brian , 
453-2764. 11/28) 

Book sale: Anthro , Psych. Sociology books. 
Cheap! HSS 1129 lunder Muir Provosls 
olfice)all Monday . 11/26) 

'75 Honda CB5QOT, like new. $1295. 459-
7439. (1 130) 

'74 Honda 200CL 675. Excel condition . 488-
7419. (1/28) 

Walerbed - King . Bookcase headboard . dark 
wood . complete. was $400. Asking $275. 
277-4732. (1 / 26) 

CAT STEVENS CONCERTI LA Forum Feb. 2 
& 3 . Beller prices AND BETTER LOCATIONS 
than all competitors. 270.7855. (2/2) 

DAVID BOWIE CONCERT! ChOice floor 
seats at best prices In SO. Call us firs .. 270-
7855. 12/2) 

For Sale SX70 Polaroid Camera. hardly used . 
Complele wilh case , close-up lens. ligh t 
luser. and t,mer . 575 Call 222-4630. ask for 
Dave . 11 /26) 

W'omen'S wetsui t , size large . Xlnt condition, 
worn only once. 550 or best offer. Ask lor 
Adele . 755-2519. (1 / 26) 

Malole plans now to att end EAEl's din-
ner/dance at the Kana Kal Club on valen-
tine's Day Tickets Will remain' on sale at the 
box ollice unl" Feb. 6. The enlire UCSD 
community IS cordially Invited . (1/26) 

TenniS Racket Metal . Sears besl . good cond . 
all 453-9663 . (1/26) 

1-5, 5-9. Interviews Mon 4 p.m & ThurS4 :00 SKIP Frye Surfboard . 7-2. good condition . 
p.m. 784t Balboa Ave .. S .D .. Ca . (2/6) Call 453-9663 . (1126) 

Levfs 

1975 Kawasaki 100, low mileage, excellent 
condition . Pe!leci for commut ing, $250. 
755-7269, Steve or Charles . 11126) 

Mag . Wheels & Tires , must sell . 7" x t 4" 
aluminum wheels for FR-4 or TR-3 (or any 
4 'Iz" dia. 4 lug pattern) with Goodyear 
Polyglas tires -- $49. 453-0985, 452-2572. or 
755-6133. (1/26) 

For Sale' AR Turnlable wtlh AOC VMl 
Cartrodge - $60. Call 565-09t 3. (" 30) 

R,eker Ski BoolS lor sale. Mens 9'''. $25 or 
bes t olfer. Ca ll Dwight at 452·1879 . (1 126) 

LOST & FOUNd 
Found : Green tin t prescription glasses on 
front 01 bkstore with initials C .D. Call 
Rosanna , X3860. (t / 26) 

LOST. Rodin Calcu luS book. 452-9367. 
11/ 26) 

Lost brown coat with fake Sheepskin inside 
Lell in Gym Wednes. nite. PLEASE call 453· 
9685 or 452-8625 . 11/26) 

Lost : Calculator HP-25 . Please call 452-
1957. REWARD . Ask for Frank. P.S. $5.00 
reward . (1/26) 

Lost Jack Kramer Tenn is Racket Frl in US8 
3060 at 11 :00. Contact Triton Times office 
please . (1/26) 

FOUnd: Contac t case belonging to Bruce 
Jessop . may be picked up In TT Office. 
11/ 26) 

Lost : Woman's gold walch on Muir Campu, 
or TOrrey Pines ROad . Vicki , 270-5999. 
(1/26) 

Lost · One pair gold- framed glasses In 
orange case . 453-2625 . 11/26) 

Gold Cross pen of sen l imenlal value. LoSI In 
HL Library on 1· 19 . Please return to Triton 
Times Office. (1/26) 

Multi-colo red Cardigan-type sweater / ",cI<eI 
lost Wed . near Urey Hall parking 101. Call 
X4386 FOR REWARD' (1/26) 

Munday, January 2&, 197& 

91-83 Victory 

Tritons Stay in Conference Race 
UC San Diego stayed in the 

conference basketball race with a 
91-& victory at Point Lorna College 
Friday night. 

The Tritons upped their NAJA 
District 3 Southern Division ma.rk 
to 1-2, a half game ahead of POI~t 
Lorna which standS at 1-3. The Win 
seem~d surprisingly easy over the 
Crusaders, which had lost by just 
10, 107-97, to top-ranked Cal Baptist 
Tuesday night. 

UCSD, 8-10 for the season, trails 
only USIU and Azusa Pacific in the 
race for second place, and a 
probable NAIA play-off spot. 

"We hadn't been able to sustain 
40 full minutes of intensity for a 
long time_ We finally put 
something together for the whole 
game," said a pleased Cun-

29 tallIeS 
a day. 
-------

---

ningham just after the Point Lorna perfect full court, harrassing 
win. defense, the Crusaders wer 'orced 

In an effort to keep all of his to turn the ball over on a IO-second 
players fresh , Cunningham began violation . Mitchell immediately 
substituting early, and brought in scored ~ lay-up, then forced Point 
reserves Tony Moore, Ken Melvin, Lorna mto a bad pass out of 
and Doug Skidmore frequently . bounds_, The ensuin~ lay-up by 
His substituting paid off at the Lyle SmIth gave the Tntons a 52-46 
finish, as UCSD was able to hold off lead , anc! demoralized the 
Crusader rallies. Crusaders. 

In a game the #Tritons never . The three UCSD _guards ~om-
trailed, the turning point didn't bl~ed for a season-hIgh 52 pomts, 
come until five minutes into the WIth Bradley (a blazmg 8-10 from 
second half. Point Lorna had the field ) and Mitchell scoring 18, 
gained momentum, and turned a and ~elvin 16. _ 
42-34 halftime deficit into a 46-46 POInt Lorna star ArchIe 
tie. Meaders, a 6'6" forward and the 

First, forward Mark Dobransky leagu~'s fourth best scorer, had a 
put UCSD ahead with a pair offree 19 pomt se~o~d half, 21 for the 
throws. With the three Triton game, but dId httle to actually help 

_ guards, Melvin, Bart Bradley and the Crusader cause. Me~der~ put 
Mallory Mitchell all putting on a up shots from all dIrectIOns, 
- -- - -_. missing most of them. The for-

ward was often double-teamed, but 
usually refused to pass off to open 
teammates_ 

JVsFoulin 
Game and 
Outcome 

byRon Kato 
Staff Writer 

Earlier in the evening, UCSD's 
junior varsity team was much less 
fortunate than their varsity 
counterparts, as they lost to Pt. 
Lorna in a lopsided battle, 102~. 

Hampered by the tendency to 
commit personal fouls, the Tritons 
were cited on 31 different oc-
casions, allowing the Crusaders to 
score on 26 out of 40 attempts from 
the free th row line. 

HElP SELECT THE 
STUDENT REGENT 

Despite shooting the mediocre 65 
percent from the Ii ne, the 
Crusaders converted on 38 out of 72 
attempts (52.8 percent ) from the 
field. The Tritons however, putting 
up a near equal 70 shots were able 
to tally oh only 28 occasions for a 
mere 40 percent shooting average. Applications are now being taken for one 

under-graduate to serve on a regional 
nominating commission to screen applicants 

for the student regent. 
Pick up applications in the Student Center, 
2nd Floor North, Student Organizations. 

~he Deadline is February 6. 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 

Led by 6'8" center Ted Ander-
son's 25 points, Pt_ Lorna had five 
short scoring bursts of eight, 
Seven, seven, seven and 10 while 
holding the Tritons scoreless to 
pull away to their sixth win in 10 
games. Consistent play from 
UCSD's Rich Robinson and Scott 
Stone vi rtually went unnoticed 
amidst the fouls and turnovers 
hampering the team as the Tritons 
fell behind 51-32 at half. 

Tempers began flaring on the 
UCSD team early in the second 
half as the frustrated Tritons fell 
behind by as much as 33 points. 
Reserve Cary ThompsQn's 10 
points with less than I() minutes 
remaining in the game did not 
close the margin as the Crusader's 
offense countered equally. Other 
high scorers for the Tritons were 
Stone with 10 points, Doug Hafford 
with nine and J oe Greenstein with 
eight. 

In losing 102~3 , it was the second 
straight game the junior varsity 
squad yielded over a 100 points to 
their opponents_ The Tritons are 
now posting a 2~ record. 

Page seve n 

Notebook 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

Ping Pong Takeover 
Very quietly, UC San Diego is 

being taken over by ping-pong. 
Officially, the game is called 

. table tennis, but by whatever 
name, the sport is becoming one of 
the most popular on campus. 
There is hardly a moment when 
some ping-pong afficianado isn't in 
one of the rec gym rooms having a 
battle. 

The latest news comes from Ross 
Bott, who heads the UCSD table 
tennis club. He announced that the 
first annual UCSD Table Tennis 
Championships will be held during 
the week of Feb. 2~. The Czar 

There will be an open and a novice division, with the winners, along 
with the top women and faculty person winning a prize_ Both divisions 
will be played double elimination style. 

Bott says that the top open performers will get a chance to join the 
UCSD table tennis team. The team has its first match against the San 
Diego Table Tennis Club Jan. 28 at Balboa Park . . 

Finally, Bott reminds us, his club meets Mondays and Wednesdays at 4 
a nd Fridays at noon, in the rec gym. He adus that sign-ups for the 
tourney are in the rec gym office, beginning today. The entry fee is 50 
cents. 

It 's certainly a small price to pay to be involved in the takeover of UCSD __ _ 
Triton basketball analysis __ .!t appears the team is beginning, as 

coaches like to say, to gel. The key is still quickness, which the squad had 
tons of in the win over Point Lorna. 

Bart Bradley, the junior guard, has developed his outside shot to the 
point of being quite dangerous_ He put in eight of 10 bombs Friday night. 
He, along with an improving Lyle Smith, the always strong Mark 
Dobransky, an emerging Lee Gardner, the spark of Ken Melvin, the 
hustle of Doug Skidmore, the experience of Tony Moore, the rest of the 
s ubstitutes, and Mallory Mitchell, form a very representative team. 

A 7-3 league record could put the Tritons into the NAJA play-off picture. 
That would mean a pair of wins against the rivals, USIU, later in the 
season .. _ 

He calls himself, for an unknown reason, The Basketball Czar. 
Everyone else knows him as Mike Hipp, the assistant intrilmural 
director. 

" We have over 130 teams and 1300 participants in intramurals this 
quarter, " the Czar figures. " The whole school seems to be getting into the 
program." 

Hipp, along with his other duties, heads the " big" sport of each quarter. 
, This time around, it's basketball. Due to his leadership, possibly, the 
gyms are almost always filled with basketball stars_ 

" We're also trying to start a women 's basktball league, the fi rst in 
UCSD's his tory. The captain's meeting is Thursday at 4 in the rec gym ~ 
conference room. By the way," said the Czar, " you can credit the idea to 
a woman named Sherri Swanson." 

Oh ... 
For two tickets to any event that I choose, name the last team that 

defeated UCSD's football team, just before it folded ... 
Freshman Jeff Siegel and sophomore Paul Friedman head the effort to 

put together a UCSD sports car club. 

" We're trying to get more students, faculty, and staff who are in-
terested in cars," said Siegel. "We'd like to get more people, so we can 
compete in slaloms, get discounts on parts, and generally learn more 
a bout sports cars." 

In the pros ... the Mariners meet Phoenix tomorrow night, Calgary 
Thursday night, and Cleveland Saturday nighLDetails will be pre-
sented here next week on both the Andy Williams San Diego Open golf 
tourney, and the San Diego Indoor track meeL. 

midway 
fedmart 
store An Evening of Blnck Art 
eyes examined 
prescriptions filled 
conlacllenses fitted 
repairs 

hours mon - t" 10 30 - 8 00 
sal 10 6 CI05e(! sundays 

sports arena blvd. 
lacross jro Ihe sports arena) 

22if-2973 224-2974 

The Poetry of 
FRANK JENKINS 
featuring 
LYNN HAMILTON 

February It, Bpm 

followed by the Ruby Milsap_ 
Dance Theater 

featuring oloists 
fromlnner City Dance 

Repertory Co. 
tud nt 2 

Mandeville Auditorium General Admi ion 3 
Tickets: UCSD Box Of(i('e 52-4090 



United Profe"sors of California 
(UPC) charged that Gov, Brown is 
"continuing Reagan's policy of 
singling out state employees as 
whipping boys," 

Dr, Warren Kessler, President of 
the UPC, challenged Brown to 
develop a tax program aimed at 
equalization of all state incomes, 
not just the salaries of state 
workers. 

Other proposals favorable to the 
UPC include closing loopholes 
which allow wealthy persons and 
corporations to pay little or no 
taxes and making the state income 
tax more progressive with · the 
introduction of a negative income 
tax. Negative income tax would 
require the state to rebate past 
taxes to Californians who are 
unemployed or whose incomes fall 
below the poverty level. 

Degree Candidates 

The Registrar 's office has 
released the number of degree 
candidates awarded during the 
1974-75 academic year. 

A total of 1462 candidates were 
recognized; 251 doctoral can-
didates, 50 candidates for the 
Degree of Doctor of Medicine, 141 
candidates for the Degree of 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone ~-UFE 24 hrs 

Free counSeling, study . roo~ 
and speakers 

DAVID BOWIE 
CAT STEVENS 
Tickets Available at 

Son Diego Ticket Sales 
273-4567 

We have fh. only good seofs In fawn 

RESEARCH 
FREE CA TALOG! 

Write or call for your copy of our 
latest catalog of over 5,000 re-
search studies. These studies are 
designed to HELP YOU IN THE 
PREPARATION of: 

, . Research Papers 
• Essays • Case StudIes 
• Speeches • Book ReViews 
WE ALSa DO CUSTOM WRITING 

MINUTE RESEARCH 
1360 N Sandburg , " 1602 
Chicago, illinOIS 60610 

312-337-2704 

COPIES-
.., 

.... 31L¢ 110 
:'12 /2 --

IUNIIOS 2 LOCATIONS 
1505Y,IIOIICIWIS U4-t3U 
51" COUIGUft. 117-1111 

CI~RTERS 
SAVE L P TO 50% in 76 

from
S299* 

2-3-"-5 6 \,II' tc 2~ ",h. 
APR.-OCT, '76 

Over 9 I 5 flights but: 
LIMITE [I SEATS on long 
and SlImmer flights so 
book tc day for '76 
O.r ".11 ,,_~ I, .11. 

291-8141 

--n~~!!~,~ 
IoI.IlJOn VoM,y-fqullobit I:dg 

1333 Comino d.' lio South 
S.D .. CA 92101 

• Minlmum for. which ris.s de-
on dot. & I.ngth of flil. , 

Master of Arts, Fine Arts and 
Science, and 1020 Bachelor of Arts 
Degree candidates. 

Angola Speaker 

Tony Thomas, a writer for the 
Militant newspaper and Socialist 
Worker'S Party activist, will speak 

at UC San Diego, this Friday, Jan. 
30 on the subject of Angola. 

Thomas, who has written in 
several periodicals, will consider 
whether Angola will be "the next 
Vietnam." 

Sponsored by the Young Socialist 
Alliance, Thomas will speak on 
Muir College, P&L 1110, at 11 am. 

Confidentiaiity ... 
not disclose the identities of in-
dividuals who supplied information 
or evaluation in confidence." 

According to the report, many of 
the guidelines are already being 
followed but there is still no 
uniform system for all nine 
campuses. 

Saxon praised the report and the 

committee and described the 
membership as " outstanding and 
eminently qualified to undertake 
the study as a true blue ribbon 
committee. " 

The committee is made up of 
prominent administrators and 
faculty from throughout the 
system. 

************************************ 
: THURSDAY,JAN.29 . ~ 
: M~© ~ ~ * t ~~rn: [}{]OC~rn:'tl ~~®I}{]ll ~ 
t MARINERS VS. CALGARY ~ 
: ~ I M -FREE TRANSPORTATION ~ 
: .... ~ ~ .S· -SPECIAL DISCOUNT ~ 
: ~Ia. TICKETS ($2.50) ~ 
i' HII'I.- lmSt' 7ir kets ill I~ec GYIl1 Office b,ll4:00 PM Tues. , Jail . 27 .-
.................................... 

Monday, Jaauary 11,117& 

Want to be a Delegate? 
Steps to Take Outlined 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

"You don't have to be a political veteran to become a delegate. You just 
have to get people to support you at the caucus," said Sue Reno of the San 
Diego County Democratic Committee. 

According to the committee, there are two basic steps to becoming a 
delegate. The first step is becoming involved in a presidential campaign. 

The second step is to follow the procedures established under the new 
Presidential primary law. The procedures entail filing a declaration of 
candidacy as a delegate with the County Clerk by April 8 and attending 
congressional caucuses beginning April 11 . 

Uncommitted delegations may qualify for the June primary ballot by 
obtaining the signatures of 1 percent of the State's Democrats by March 
15. 

, Right to Reject 
Each congressional caucus will nominate 10 delegates to the state 

steering committee, with delegates ranked according to the number of 
votes they received in the caucus election. Under the new law, candidates 
have the right to reject and replace delegates nominated at the caucuses. 
The number of delegates for each candidate who attend the Democratic 

National Convention will be determined by the percentage of the vote that 
the candidates receive in the June 8 primary. Candidates must receive at 
least 10 percent of the vote to receive any delegates. 

Apportioning delegates according to the vote percentage candidate 
receives in the primary constitutes a major change from the winner-take-
all primaries of 1972, in which the candidate who won a state primary got 
all of the state's delegates. 

"The new law will allow for a truly open primary," Reno said. "The 
winner-take-all system was just not fair." 

Widespread Participation Encourged 
Reno said that the Democratic Party will encourage and participation 

of minorities, women and young people in the convention as it did in 1972. 
Though the party does not have a quota system for minority and female 
delegates, Reno said that the 75-25 system for selecting delegates will 
insure that women and minorities participate in the convention. 

In that system, 75 percent of the delegates are chosen in congressional 
caucuses and 25 percent are chosen in statewide caucuses after the 
primary, allowing the party to balance women and minority represen-
tation on the delegations if they are not adequately represented through 
the congressional caucus process. 

"The effects of the new primary law and the work of the Affirmative 
Action committee should insure that a lot of people very new to politics 
will attend the convention this year," Reno said. 

SURVEY 
We are conduct!on a su rvey of the attitudes .of undergraduates towards UCSD. We have 
random Iy-selected students to participate in the study; however we have not been able to reach 
many f of the students. The names of the students which have not been contacted are listed 
below. We will pay any ofthese people $1.00 for completing the attitude questionnaire which 
should only take 10 minutes, 

REVELLE COLLEGE CALLAHAN , Colleen Kit FARRELL, Joyce PORTER, Donald Carl LATTIN , Roy Anthony Jr. HERNLY, Julie Ann 
GODDI . Marie Therese FAST, Brian Louis PRYATEL, Charles Henry LEBRECHT, James lIGHTHOLDER, Judith BELLECCT, Mary 

ABBOTT , Linda HENSLEY, Gregory FERRIN , James Ralph ROHE, Deanne Grace LEW, Andra II RUIZ, Michael Paul BENSHooF,Catherlne 
ATWOOD , Donald JENSEN , Erik Allen FRAZER, DanielLee RUMPH , Christina Lee LINARES, Henry John CLARK, Scott Cameron BERONJA , Gregory 
BANKS. John Arthur KONIGES , Alice Evelyn GARCIA , Ol ivia Vltug RUSSO, Andrew Frank III LUCAS , lark Anne DAVIS , Kathy Kim BOWLER, Anita Marie 
BATHMAN, Becky LEIDER, Karen lisa GLAD, Craig Wi lliam SILVERMAN, Mark LUGUE, Rodolfo MABRY, Michael Edwin BROWN, Alfred 
CAMPBELL , Stewart MAC CULLOCK, Deborah GURNARD, James SYLVESTER, Leann MARKOFF, Robert GROVIN , Charles Monroe BRUCHEZ, Deborah 
CARR , Stepher, MARTIN , Mark Denis HALL , Caroll VAUGHAN, Carolyn MAYFIELD, Yvonne WILBURN , Wanda Althea CHANEY, Margo 
CARTER, Renee MARTIN, Randy Loyd HALVERSON, Joy WARGO, Richard McCHRYSTAL, Anita CHAVEZ, Victor 
CAlTELL . Herbert MC CANDLESS, Timothy HANSEN, Suzanne WINETEER, Dale MillER, Greer Lorelei FOURTH COLLEGE COOPER, Elizabeth 
CHAYKIN , William MCCORMACK, Eleanor HEISE , Sherilin Ruth WODINSKY , Natanya MILLER, John Samuel COVINGTON, Chris 
CHINTALA, Jane E. MELAAS, Carol Elaine HILL , Phillip Wynn MORRISON , Christopher MULITOR , Michael Rene AIKINS , Leann Joy CURTIS , Sean Molone 
CLARK , David Birge MITCHELL , Kateryn HUCKABY, James KITCHEN , Glnnlta MONTEALEGRE, Laura BASSETI, Harold FIELD, Cythla Louise 
DAVIS , Katherine PAIK , Kyong II HUSCH , Sally Lynne YOUNG , Patricia Louis MONTEVERDE, Daniel BOLT. Hillery FERGUSON , Charles 
DIZNEY, Denise PEAIRS, John Michael JORDAN , Julia Lynne COOPER, Diane Kay MORAGNE, David Clifford COOLIDGE, Richard FLEMING , Victor 
ERLENDSON. Lee PECK, Stephanie Lee KEELER, Donald Kerry INTRIERI , Anthony Peter MUNOZ, Irma Raquel CORCORAN, Gilbert GLOVER, Melanie 
FINNIG AN , Timothy RUIZ. Rosa Victoria KERL, Laura Viclorla KOHOE , Roberta Ann NAKA, Shink l COZZENS, Michael GREEL Y, Albert 
FISHER. David SMALL, William KINGERY, Sylvia Kay LESIKA , Rex Marvin NETTLES , Patrick Anthony DEYOUNG, Bruce HELMEN, Moira 
FLECHSIG . Karl SMITH, Darlene Ann LAMBERT, Mark David McCOLM , John Samuel OPDENKER, Susan Lou ise DILLELLA, Joseph HERMAN , Gregg 
GARON ER , Robert SWEET, Shelly Ann LATHAM , David Alan NORDOUIST, Nancy PARKER, Sara Lee DUFAULT, Scott HICKEY, Martin 
GORMLEY. Kathleen TRIPLETT, Robert LEE , Deborah Anne HESSE, Jamie PHILLIPS, Ashley Elisabeth ESTRELLA , Marla HOLZL, Derek Robert 
GUINASSO, David TSAO. Bernard Yun lIBERMAN , Orl in HIRSHSOAN , Nina OUINLAN , Mark EZELL , Cynthia Ellen HUNTER, John Alan 
GUNDRY, Thomas TURBOW , Stephen !..UJAN , Dorothy RAGSDALE, Rosalind FARRAN , Matk KUNKEL , Lori Anne 
HSU, Martan VILLANUEVA , Wayne MASSA, Emlddio Jr. THIRD COLLEGE ROE , Robert Ralph FAVERTY, Kenneth LARSSON , Laura Dell 
KAR , Debra Irene WATTS . Claudine Alice McPHERSON, John SIGLAR, Roderick Leon FISHER, Edward lINDSKOOG, Jeffrey 
KENDZIOREK , Marshal WITTENBERG , Erik Allen ROBINSON, Eric ALLISON , Jenene Jo SLIMMER, Lance Bradford FLAUAUS, Ronald LOGAN , John Robert 
KIESLER , Robert KULINSKI , r;harlene SATTINGER, Jill AMADOR , Jose Jorge TAN , Susan Grace FONG , Tsellng MARSHALL, Michael 
KIM , Erik Chongwu MIESBAUER, Juloe SABASTIAN , Marisa ARIAS, Armando VOGEL , John Michael FRANCO, Michael MILLER, Fredrick Ray 
SWAN , Dick Leung WYLIE , Sandra Lynn THOMPSON. Eula ARMAS . Jose Luis WHITE , Glenn Bowling FREEMAN , Kim Elaine MUNK, Edith Kendall 
LEE . Stephen K SMITH . R,chard Bayne VOSE , Michael David ARMSTRONG , Gerry WHITE, Robert Mason Sr. GAFFNEY, Kevin NELLIS , Kathleen 
LICHTY , Peter BARSALOU, Laurence WOGGONER , John AVERY , James Larue WIGGINS , Donald GRAHAMS, Arch ie OSBORN , James 
L YN , Phill ip P. h. BAREFIELD, Barbara WAGNER , David Wayne BAIL Y, Susan Indebitzen BALOY , Caesar Theodore HARKER, Drew Alan PAVLICH, Gall Cherie 
LUCAST , Nancy A, EDGINGTON, Renee WEBB , Kristin Ann BELL, David James BRAY, Amy E HAWLEY , Bruce PEREZ. JlmmleJoe Jr. 
MARRA , Crist ina Marta WEISMAN , Andrea Sue BERROUD, Alan Michael BEASLEY, Cynthia Ann KENDE , Patricia ' REID, Stanley Lewis 
MC MANANON , Den is MUIR COLLEGE WITH ERSPooN , Daniel BIDDLE , Ronald CAMPION , Marie Terese KOLENCE , Clifton SANGER , Joseph 
MC MANANON , Michael WOLVERTON . Thomas BOYLE , Barbara Jane CARBJAL , Virginia LAPHIER, Stacy SNYDER. Judy Ann 
MC NALL, Steven ALLEN , MIriam WOOD. India Suzanne BROWN , Penlel An ita COHEN , Catherine LYON, Dana Henry STEIN , Charles Max Jr 
MILLS , James ASARO . Bridget YOUNG . Stephen BURTNESS, Steven EMERY , Debbie Sharon MA TTHEWS, Kathleen STEPHENS, Charles 
MORTON . Anthony AVELlNO , Agnes ASHNER , Judith Ellen CASARES, Paul Jr. ESPANA. Frances MAXWELL, Melissa TEDFORD, T, Michael 
MOUNTS. Dale Charles BABIN . linda Gay BAIN , Janet Ellen CASTELO, Alberto Peter FULLER, Brian David McEACHERN , Nina THOMAS , Jeffrey 
MURRAY , Yvonne BAGLEY , Juliette BARTISHEN , Lawrence' CLINTON. Neil Clifford GALINDO . Patricia Ann MARROW, James TREVINO, Anita 
NICOLL, Kenzie Scott BAKAN , Michele BIRNIE , Allison Lea DANESH, Irving Stanton HILLS, Heather C. MURPHY. David Neal WALLER, James 
ORENSTEIN , James BARRARES, Margaret BOYCE, James Gerard DelUNA, Elodla Morales JONES, Susan Marie NAKAJO, Sidrlc Tobias WRIGHT, Charles 
PADILLA . Af1hur BECKSTROM , Kent CAROCCIA . Mark DWYER. Stephen Robert LASCH , Ruth Geralyn NORTMAUP. Eva ZlV, Mark Henry 
PALOSAARI DaVId BEGAYE , Carol ine DERIEUX, Robin Dian ECHAVES, Stephen MANGOLD, Martha RADFORD, Mlcheel MORPHY, Timothy 
PANNEK, t-rad Henry BEST, Will iam ECKERY, Kev in Charles FARLEY, Irene L. McCARTHY , Julia RAIKE , Mark Jon PlNA , Rosario 
PAULSON , Edwin George13IANCO, Gai l FINN, James Crampton III FINKLE , Eric Marshall NORTON , Gary Lee REED , Harriet Norl COOPER, Jack Bryan 
PURDIE , Bruce Campbell IRDSONG, Mark GIMIAN, Reed Joseph GOMEZTAGUE, Raymundo RICHARDS , Robert RETSON , Philip James McGREGOR, Jack 
RAMPONE , William tlAICKELMAIER , Ann HOBART, Heidi GONZALEZ, Dee Ella Jean ROGUE , Julie Anne SANDERS, Doreen MUlICK, Robert 
SCHOON , Jo Anna BRUMM. Daniel KENDALL , Gloria Anne GRANT. Sharon Beatrice SULLIVAN , John Joseph SCHLOH, Thomas SHONFELD, Nancy 
STEARNS, Ralph Allen CANNON , Gary KLF.IN . Deborah Nanette HARRIS, Peter Toll SYKES, Charles Arthur STAFFORD, John SNYDER, Margo Ann 
STOKLOSA. Richard CARMICHAEL , Doreen LOZICA. Michele Helen HELFMAN , Beth E, VICKERS, Sharon Alice TALAN, David WARGO , Ronlld Lee 
STORHAUG , Yvette COULOMBE. James McCOMBS, linda Ann HEPWORTH , Christopher WALKER , Leon Clifton Jr. VANHORN , Stephen BRAY, Robert S"nley 
VALLEZ , Anna MarIe COURTNEY, Joseph MEAGHER, Suzanne HIATT, Gary Kent WATKINS, Megan Jean WElL, lanceT. DAVIS, Tyra Denise 
VASSALL, Elizabeth Lee CURTIS , Shawn MICHEL, Charles HOLBRooKE, John FUJISAKA, Barbara Gall ZEBRACK, Allen JONES, Conlltlnce 
BIGLER, John Raymond DECKER. Douglas NARDE, Julie Ann JONES, John Eldridge LIGGINS, Karen Renee ZELLENSKY, Deborah SONTAG, Richard 
BRUNELLE, John Michel DICKERSON , PatriCia OHANIAN , Lee Edward JONES, Michael Alan OGAN, Michelle Diane ADlER , Sandra Joy WALLEAlUS, Jotw' 

EDWARDS. Thomas PATTON, Anne Frances KRAUSE , Leslie Ann ESSIET, Baasey Okon ALTMAN , Andrew BURNETT, Phillip 

If your name is included on this list, please come to Room 1340 - HSS (Muir on TUESDAY, =~~c~::':nn 
WEDNESDAY, or THURSDAY from 11:00 a am to 3:00pm Additional information will ="~De" ... 

FAID'-Y, •• ". .. 
be posted at Room 1340. Bob Allen - Survey Co - ordinator 


