
Quill. a 175·pound Irish wolfhound. displays a map shOWing the site of the 
nonprofit Animal Care and Education Center . The center. located In 
Rancho Santa Fe , needs uolunteers to work with the animals. 

Biohazard Research Laboratory 
Set for Med School Facility 

by Joel C. Don of the combination of DNA from mittee, consisting of exper s in 
Associate EdItor two genetically dissimilar species recombinant DNA and infecdous 

Biological testing, a potentially with the possibility of creating new diseases, a special representative 
dangerous venture into new areas forms of life. Much of the con- from the mayor of San Diego and a 
of research, i!&now being prepared troversy centers around the un- lay community lawyer, will 
for development at UC San Diego. predictable hazards of releasing a monitor all potentially dangerous 

A containment facility for carcinogenic strain of E. Coli into biohazardous research. 
biohazardous research is set to the environment. " The facilities will be used by a 
occupy the fourth floor of the new NDI Guidelines number of investigators," Hen-
Medical Teaching Facility, where Grobstein said that the new set of 
future experiments will be con- guidelines published by the 
ducted on such things as virus National Institute of Health (Nrn), 
studies, viral involvement in on recombinant DNA research will 
cancer and the controversial maintain a high precautionary 
recombinant DNA research. level in the containment facility. 

Clifford Grobstein, vice- He noted that "the facilities will be 
chancellor of university relations, in a state of semi-isolation." 
said that the construction of the "Additionally, they will also 
facilities is not to promote new provide safety features for the 
research, but rather to test and people working within the 
house existing research which may facility." 
pose a biological hazard. Grobstein stressed that the new 

Genetic research involves the facilities are not being built to cope 
transplantation of genes from a with demonstrable hazards or to 
complex organism into the DNA introduce research that isn't 
genome of the extensively studied alr~ady going on .. The facility is 
E. Coli bacterium. This new mamly a precautlOnary measure 
technique suggests the possibility to cope with the possibilities of 

- future hazards. It will operate at 

Proposition 13: Will_the Greyhound Racing :~~~~l:~~~n~~~ of P-3, .or 
• . " It's unportant to emphasize 

Clifford Grobstein 
derson said. " It 's not being built 
solely for the genetics researcher. 
However, everyone will have to be 
certified to work on the fourth 
floor, from the professors to the lab 
dishwashers. " 

Initiative send California to the dogs? E:Ei:~;:·~l~~~J~n~ 
besides, we're only talking about 
the special restrictive area on the 
top floor. The level of hazard will 
be reduced and in some ofthe labs, 
the degree of care will be in-
creased." 

by Vera M.L Todorov 
CommunJty EdItor 

In the opinion of some, California 
may be going to the dogs if State 
Proposition 13, the Greyhound Dog 
Racing Initiative, is passed. 

The controversial proposal, if 
instituted, would establish the 
California Greyhound Racing 
Commission, a regulatory 
department in charge of 
greyhound racing and betting, as 
well as the providing for the 
licensing of owners, trainers, and 
the dogs themselves. 

Proponents of the propostion, 
including Robert M. Karns, 
Michael S. McFarland, president 
of the California Association of 
Animal Control Officers, and 
James S. Lee, president of State 
Building and Construction Trades 
Council of California, believe that 
greyhound racing will benefit the 
public by generating over $45 
million annually through tax 
revenues. The money Is expected 
to be generated to needy state 
programs. 

Potential for Or,aniled CrIme 
However, the proposition hu 

drawn criticism from Wilson Riles, 
superintendent of Public 
Instruction for California, Peter 
Pitchess, sheriff of Los Angeles 
County, and Pete Wilson, San 
Diego mayor and president of the 
League fA. California Cities. Larry 
Thomas, Mayor Wilson's preas 
secretary, explained that the 0p-
POnents to the proposition are 
"convinced from police reportI 
that there Is a potential for 
organized crime" that would stem 
from greyhound betting. 

Thomu added that the "cOlt d. 
police invel&ipUon" would 10 up. 
He also no&ed that the propoIlUon 
prohibita local gcmr'lllDlm from 
tathlint lP'eyhound racin, faeWU.. 

us COItq the tapay... ad-
di~ional rnonieI to be uttu.s for 

controlling resulting crime. 

Noting that greyhound racing 
differs from horse racing in that 
local government is able to obtain 
revenue from horse racing through 
admisions tax, Thomas said that, 
" though the Greyhound Initiative 
does hold out one-half to one 
percent of a handle from pro-
fits ... the monetary returns to the 
city would be miniscule, as 
exemplified in other states who 
have a similar law. Thomas also 
added, "the public benefit would be 
that of the promoters." 
- , 

Proponents of the initiative feel 
that powerful Las Vegas gambling 
interests and California hOl'lj~ 

tracks are concerned only in 
protecting their monopoly on these 
rackets. They believe that .failure 
to pass the initiative would be at 
the expense of "senior citizens, 
handicapped children, high school 
athletics, day care centers and 
medical research. " Karns , 
McFarland and Lee feel that 
Proposition 13 " provides the op-
portunity for the average citizen to 
be heard." 

Treatment of Animals 
Another point of conflict stem-

ming (rom greyhound racing in-
volves the treatment of the racing 
dogs. The opponents say, 

Continued on Page 10 

External . Affairs Coordinator 

Bio Hazards Committee 
The fourth floor containment 

facility will also operate according 
to the advice of the newly formed 
Biohazards Committee. A central 
concern of the committee is 
education, including making 
people aware of the possible 
dangers which might in itself 
minimize the risk. 

Dr.Lee Henderson, Biohazards 
Committee Chairman, noted that 

• the conunittee assist in making 
labs less dangerous for the entire 
campus. The 13 member com-

Genetics Controversy 
Grobstein is aware of the op-

position to recombinant research, 
including most prominently 
Professor Robert L. Sinsheimer, 
head of the biology division at the 
California Institute of Technology, 
and a leading opponent to im-
mediate investigation of recom-
binantDNA. 

" He's a reputable scientist," 
Grobstein commented. " But I'm 
inclined to believe that he presents 
the worst possible case. 
Remember, people thought that 
the sky would ignite with the first 
nuclear explosion." Sinsheimer 
believes that recombinant DNA 
research will ignite like a nuclear 

Continued on Page 11 

Schneider Represents Coop,UCSDCommun-
by Alec NedeimaD 
Statewide EdItor 

The important job of 
II'eI)refllellting U~D on the Student 

Presid4ents ColDlcil am other 
statewide bodies belong to ·the 

Student Cooperative Union's 
External Affairs Coordinator. This 
year that person is Andy 
Schneider. 

In an interview with the Triton 
Times last week Schneider 
discussed his beliefs about who he 
represents; the relative roles of 
student government, the Coop and 
the University, and what he sees as 
this year's most important Issues. 

"I wear two hats. I represent 
Coop views and the U~D com-
munity." This, then is Schneider's 
view of his constituency; both the 
students, who are the Coop and the 
nebulous and often contradictory 
body of opinion called UCSO. 
According to Schneider, the Coop's 
views are more clearly ar-
ticulated, and eaaier to determine, 
since he can bring any lulle up 
before that body during ita weekly 
meetlnp. . 

Three Levels 
When he haa to represent the 

general campus attitude on an 
lillie, Schneider uplained that he 
... on three lewla. He 

seeks input and information from rule organizations or groups by 
students who actively participate controlling funding and input to the 
on committees and in government administration. He feels rather 
at U~D. He meets with the that it should collectively 
student conunittee that would be represent student views and 
{lffected by the issue, and talks to cooperatively "work for 
admUlistrative personnel who complisbment of goals j ~",,"Hf'i,,~ 1 
could give him worthwhile Input through its processes." 

"I was asked, for example, at the " Too often UCSD is 
SBPC how the San Diego campus primarily as a sci.ence-r.~arc·hl 
stood on reg. fees. I immediately institution," Schneider said. 
abstained from a position until I feels UCSD's goals instead 
contacted the reg. fee committee be to develop a ~upportive 
and the students in the Coop. I then munity in which students, 
went ~ck to the SBPC and and administratior' equally 
presented them with what I had in intellectual uwuiry and 
learned." governing of the institution. 

Schneider said his role at UCSD Important Is u 
is to make himself available to all Schneider believes that th 
groups on campus, to provide most important isallu 
information and to " discuss External Attairs must ANI ..... , .. I 
strategies on how to manipulate themselves to this year are 
administrative bureaucracy on College. Unit Two and the 
behalf of the students." provement of the quality of 

The Coop's role, according to dergraduate education. 
Scmelder, is to operate as Ute Securing building funds 
central student govenunent on Third's Unit Two is SChnei,[jer"sl 
campus. By this, he specified that most important task. He said 
he did not mean the Coop_ shou_ l_d ____ D_U_DU_ed_ OD_ P_8,::1:..-1% __ .-J 



.. 

" 

..... 

t times 
nslgned editorials represen a majority opinion of the Triton Times Edltorla 
ard, ~hlch Is composed of Executive editor Devld ElMn, Managing edlto 
rk Stadler, News editol Alan Russell, StatewllH editor Alec Nedelman, 

ommunity editor Vera T(ldorov and Opinion editor Ran Anbar. AU slgne 
erial and artwork ,represent the author's opinion and do not nec;essaril 

enect the views of the Triton Times. 

Editorials 

Accreditation 
uam now ball &be tea year aecredltatlOD lIle administration wanted 10 

.. dly last year. The declsloD by the Waten AlsociatiOll of ScbooIs and 
Colleges to give UCSD the Diuimam acered1tatloa followed a 10Dl period 
of Intensive prepare .... by die admlnIs_U .. for the evalDation. 

Tlae obvious daqer DOW Is dlat lIlere will be a letdown; that wtlllout the 
pouibWty 01 aD ImpeadiDa acereditatlOD vllit, the UJtIvenity wtl1 become 
lax In maiDtabdag and lIIIproviq lIle quality of educaUoa bere. 

Cha.ceIIor McElroy and VIce-chaDcellor of · Academic Affaln Paul 
Saltman assares UI that this wtl1 not be lIle cue.' McElroy points to tbe 
Program Review Committee, saying It will keep tbe adm.lDlstraUon on Its 
toes. 
. In Its report, the vlsltlDg accreditation team seemed to substaDtiate 
McElroy's view statlDc that PRC Is a very eUecUve committee. 
However, the team's report added that student representation 011 PRC "Is 
limfted aad largely Ineffectual." 

Herela Ues tbe problem. Maybe PRC will keep the adm.lDlstration from 
beeomiJlllax. Maybe. Bat widaold effeeUve student iDput, student con-
cerns canaot be effectlvelrlltlldled by the committee. 
, We reeollUlleDd tbat measures be iDstitDted to facWtate IDcreesed 

student particl .. tion 011 the PRC, aiDee the committee ~s student 
programs. Only throGgb meallures neb as tbJs caa students have a viable 
iDflaeDce on aUalrs affecting dleir academic Uve •. 

Credit for P E 
PEclasses: 
U you signed up for Intermediate jazz danCing, yoa will get In-

termediate jazz dancing plus one unit. 
U you signed up for intermediate volleyball, you will get lDtermediate 

volleyball, but receive DO credit. 
Why? 
According to a spokesperson for the PE department, a c.1ass that bas Its 

program written in CODjunction wltb anotber department Is eligible for 
unit credit. A PE class '>bat has au "advanced" program Is also eUgible. 

We don' t follow thatrptloaale. Thas far, we baven't noticed that an 
" advlbced" AMES 105 ~Ives more mU, than Math lAo 

The PE SpokesperlOll iald the department bas not asked the Academic 
Senate for unit credi1 In all ttl clallel becallle "we don't want the 
students to lose the faD aad enjoyment that they DOW derive from the non-
credit classes." 

We believe the PE df' rtment shoUld ba~e uUO! Cp'DStltetlt QOUcy on this 
issue. Either aU PE cla,ses should be worth acaiSemlc credits or none 
should be credited. Thill'" tbe ooly way to be fair to all students. 

I 

The Triton Times Is pu," hed by UCSD students as an olflelel student newspapar. 
PublicatIon is on Monda ,. Wedne$davs and Frldavs during Ihe regular school year 
(exeepl on official hollda IS), Editorial and business offices are located in Ihe Studenl 
Center at Ihe UnivefS lly 01 California. San Diego. For editorial . call 452· 31166; for businesS" 
and d isplay ad'<lrtls lng , call 452·3468. 

Letters to the edilor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissions musl be Iyped 
and double,.paced on a 74 space Ime. They should nol exceed one 
and a half pages In lenglh. 

Subm,lIed malertal must bear Ihe name and sludenl idenlificallon number of the author. 
Names can be withheld from publicat ion on request: however the namos will be held on file 
lor public Inspection . 

The Triton Times re&9I'\'e& lho rlghllo edll submissions becaUS8 0 1 space limitations or 
slyle requlremenla . 

enUre conlenl. copyrlghl1976, the Triton Times. 

triton times 

Words to LIve With 
. A Zen View of Ameri.can Politics 

by Barry AHo .. 
Mter seeing evera Uke the 

Ford-Carter presidential debate 
last Thursday you realize Just how 
Zen our poliLlcal SYlltem Is. 

The pbiloeopby ~ Zen Is all 
around us these dayll, and that it 
should DOW be dominating the 
political arena is only natural And 
actually, it isn't as foreign to our 
American way cl doing thlnp as 
we ~ think. US Preside ... and 
lesser political figures have been 
Zen Masters cl sort from l;be 

ooce in the put, Pruent and 
future. A~fI9ln1 tbia Is e.nect 
"satori," a flub ~ llIumlnatloo in 
the all-eurroundlng darknela .. 

A crucial aspect ~ Zen-aad ~ 
American politics today-ia the 
"koan." A Itoan Is a riddle or 
paradox given to the Zen student 
to contemplate. It Is an extreme 
exercise in concentration, 
providing a focal point for the 
mind, shutting out all other 
thoughts. 

"What Is the sound ~ one band 
.,.....--- --_.- --- - - -_. - ----------..., 

J ' ' J~ 
\ J I 

founding of the Republic to the 
present day . . 

The Zen method rl meditation 
transcends the rational and the 
conscious (as does, by the way, the 
leadership quality ' we call 
" charisma.") It is a means of 
revealing the Inner thruths of the 
universe that discards the petty, 
mundane systems of everyday 
thought that most of us are bur-
denedwith. 

A Zen thought exercise makes no 
sense. Instead, it enables one to 
perceive in a way beyond mere 
inteUect. It sets aside the ego and 
seeks What Is, that which exists at 

Letters to the Editor 

clapping?" "What is the size rl the 
real you?" and "Bring me a stick 
with only one end!" are typical 
koans. They cannot be answered 
with logic. They demand that the 
student disregard all verbal 
associations all questions, all 
solutions. They are beyond values 
and beliefs. 'They demand ac-
ceptance of the all-encompassing 
now. 

The American press first picked 
up on the Zenlpolitics connection 
this year during Governor Brown's 
campaign for the Democratic 
Presidential nomination. Of 
course, Brown was not the first Zen 

CaIPIRG: Serving the Public 
Are you tired of writing term 

papers lind then wondering what 
you wrote - them (or? Do you 
wonder what you are here for and 
what you'll do when you graduate? 
Would you like to have closer 
contact with the San Diego com-
-munity? California Public Interest 
Research Group (CalPIRG) could 
be the answer for you, 

As a responsible outlet for the 
energy of young adults, studenls at 
colleges and universities 
throughout the state formed 
CalPIRG organizations dedicated 
to serving the public interest. The 
concept of a Public Interest 
Research Group was fanned and 
outlined by Ralph Nader in his 
book Action For A Change. 

As a ' resuit of the plan he 
described, PIRG's have evolved all 
over the country, and the energy 
and idealism' of students working 
in conjWlction with professional 
staffs have since instigated state 
and local legislations, have piJr 

prices. These surveys have had a 
marked effect on food prices In San 
Diego and have caused some 
supermarket chains to sharply 
lower their prices. 

Ground Beef Survey- As a result 
of CaiPIRG's ground beef survey 
which checked the fat content in 
ground beef at area grocery 
stores, the State Attorney 
General's office filed suite against 
Vons Grocery Company. Accor-
ding to the charges, Vons sold 
ground beef with a fat content 
higher than 'the 30 percent allowed 
by law and mislabeled several 
samples. _ 

. NunlDiilome Study- As a result 
cl CalPIRG's extensive study on 
nursing homes, citizens were made 
aware of the quality of the care 
given for the elderly and a Friends. 
of l'{urslng Homes group was 
founded as part of the effort to 
improve nursing home conditions. 

pointed consumer fraud and in- As of now, CalPIRG is expanding 
formed members of their com- its base rl Interest to include eJr 
mWlities of their rights as citizens vironmental projects. CalPIRG 
in a people's democracy. conducted Its first environmental 

San Diego's CaiPIRG, which is project this summer. The project 
the largest in the state, has made is investigating the guidelines for 
major impacts on the conununlty, the Implementation of the 
Below are some of San Diego California EnvironmerUl Quality 
CaIPIRG's accomplishments since Act (CEQA) in the county, and is 
its beginning three years ago. concentrating on exposing the 

necessity for citizens to partiCipate 
Food Price Survey- Published . in the planning proceas. 

quarterly , CalPIRG conducts This project win now be com-
comparisons of area supermarket Continued CIa Paae t 

candidate-lt was Just that he made 
his Zen tendencies so obviOIll that 
even the national news medla 
couldn't ignore tbem. 

He waited to declare his can-
didacy untillt was too late for him 
to enter JJlCIt of tile primaries. He 
campaigned and won by 
significant marglnlin states where 
be had no candidates for con-
veltton delegates nmning. 

He was supported by both the 
Tom Hayden activists fDd the 
BaltImore Democratic IDIICbine, 
a yln/yang combination if tllere 
ever was one. He spoke ~ "a new 
~t" and the need to uk 
questions for which there are no 
answers. 

He advocated a sort rl Passive 
Activism (or Active Passivism, if 
you prefer) which combined 
personal pleasure deprivatiOll (his 
giving up the 9ovemor's Mansion 
and limousines) with severe, yet 
somehow compelling pronounce-
ments (popularizing the Ideas rl 
limited material pleasure among 
the voters.) 
, The Brown candidacy utilized 
the principles of Zen throughout, 
gained mucb support, but in the 
end achieved little that was con-
crete or lastlng-'whicb was, in 
itself, very Zen. 

But by no means does Jerry 
Brown have a monopoly OIl Zen 
)Iolitics. The abilltl to transcentl 
the commonplace, to search after 
the satori state through meditative 
exercises and the koan, to accept 
the Oneness rl Everything has 
played a major role in both ~ 
Ford and Carter campaigns. 

The d(!bate last week made this 
clear. 

It was a demonstration rl how a 
candidate asks to be-and can ooly 
be-understood on the Zen level. 
Governor Carter and President 
Ford discussed at some length 
their relative interpretations of 
economic indicators, inflation 
rates, unemployment statistics, 
tax systems, government con-
solidation and the like. 

The average debate viewer had 
no idea what they were talking 
about, and couldn't have unless 
they had done intensive research 
beforehand. Carter and Ford, 
instead of giving economic reports 
to a well-informed audience, were 
presenting koans to an audience of 
Zen Politics students, little snat-
ches of thought that would lead the 
viewer to a flash of beyond-rational 
understanding. 

"What is the effect of 4~% 
unemployment on a 5% economic 
growth rat~ and an $85 billion 
surplus in 1981?" is as effe<1ive a 

Continued on :Page 3 

Telephone 
Books to be 
Recycled 

Beginning on Monday, Sep-
tember 'l:l and running through 
Friday, October 8, Cal-PIRG, a 
registered campus organization, 
is sponsoring a massive recycling 
drive for old telephone direc-
tories. 

Special dumpster Hdeposit 
centers" will be placed at 
strategic camplll sites and staff 
members are urged to contribute 
outdated home telephone books to 
the drive. 

Cal-PIRG's goal, city-wide, is 
to save 30,000 trees. The special 
dumpsters will be located at 
Revelle (east side of Blake Hall), 
Muir (northwest side of Applied 
Physlcsand Math), Third College 
(northeast side of Com-
munications), Matthews and 
Fourth CoDege (weal rl Building 
509), and at the School of 
Medicine (south end rl Parking 
Lot 128). 

W.D. McElroy 
OIancellor 

October t, 1171 triton times Page 3 
Letter 

What are You Doing Here? NATIONALL Y KNOWN SPEED READING COURSE 
TO BE TAUGHT HERE 

IN SAN DIEGO 
To blow the collective mind of 

UCSD: 
Here's what I think of this 

"purpose in life" bit: Once you're 
born, you lllually accept what 
you're told by your parents, 
teachers, friends and 80 forth, 
while jll8t doing whatever seems 
fun and taking what comes along. 

However, after a number of 
years which may expose you to 
many views about life, you begin to 
question just where all these ideas, 
rules, buildings, etcetera, came 

concentration point as the "one 
hand clapping" riddle. 

The viewer puzzles over it, 
becomes hopelessly confused, yet 
knows the question is vilal, and so 
continues to meditate until: aU 
rational ability to perceive is left 
behind. 

He then discovers the true 
natures of Carter and Ford, UJr 

from. Why are ~ple here? Why 
amlbere? 

'Ibere you sit at a desk, or lie on a 
bed, or stand in a line, wondering. 
The more you have done and seen, 
the stranger it aU seems. 

You might know yourself, you 
might not, but that doesn't help 
explain who set up this massive 
mess called the world, or why, or if 
something better can be, or if you 
can help out. 

Think back. How many im-

derstanding that what they 
represent goes beyond earthly 
issues or philosophies. 

President Ford's summation 
remarks for the debate ("The 
president shouid never promise 
more than he can deliver. And a 
president should always deliver 
what he's promised. ") were 

Continued 00 Page « 

Parking 
Students are Reminded 

"S" Parking Permit. are Valid ia YELLOW I STRIPED 
Parking Space. Only. (See Campus Map) 

• Citation. are Illued megal Parking. Familiarize Youl'lelf 
With the Parking Regulations. 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223 

CPB Presents 

Ansel Adams 
Personal Perspectives 

Mr. Adams will sPeak on 
"Personal Perspectives"; an 
autobiographical approach to his 
own work and the relationship of 
his life as a photographer to his 
peers and colleogues during the 
post fl/tlillears. 

OCTOBER 14, 8:00PM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 
STUDENTS 12.50 
GENERAL ADMISSION IS.OO 

A CalDpul Pro.am Board Prelentatlon 
452-45591or Inlonnatlon 

pressions and experienl'es have 
you undergone to get to this point? 

The question (of why am I here) 
is still there. So are many answers 
- most of them to a different 
question. 

Let me hit the nail on the head -
you really don't know what the heU 
you're doing on this planet, do you? 
Behind all these little facades and 
"headtrips" - beneath the level 
you talk to people on - the weather, 
or calculus, or equally empty 
words - you know something's 
missing. 

You just don't feel as though this 
old life has enough to show 
sometimes, .and once you're aware 
of this, in no way can you pretend it 
isn't so. Now matter how much 

. partying, sports, sex or other 
"fun" you immerse yourself in, the 
uneasiness comes back to haunt 
you. Maybe you don't feel it right 
now, but you will. 

So what does the superior person 
do when faced with these thoughts? 
Commit suicide? Please don't -
there is an answer, though you 
won't learn it for a while yet. There 
is an awful lot to this subject of life, 
so don't turn me (or yourself) off 
until you learn more, whether 
through me, others, or yourself, 
OK.? 

Feel free to see me or to attend 
the Free Triton staff meetings. 

P.S. If you feel this is gibberish, 
just ignore it. It's intended for a 
more specialized audience. 

SAN DIEGO AREA - (Spec.) 
United Stales Reading Lab will 
offer a 4 week course in speed 
reading to a limited number of 
qualified people in the San 
Diego area. 

This recently developed 
method of instruction is the 
most innovative and effective 
program available in the United 
States. 

Not only does this famous 
course reduce your time in the 
classroom to Just one class per 
week for 4 short weeks, but it 
also includes an advanced 
speed reading course on 
cassette tape so that you can 
continue to improve for the rest 
of your life. 

If you are a student who 
would like to make A's instead 
of B's or C's, or if you are a 
business person who wanls to 
stay abreast rl today's ever-
changing, accelerating world, 
then this course is an absolute 
necessity. 

In a few months, some 
students are reading 20-30 times 
faster, .attaining speeds that 

Our average graduate should 
read 7-10 times faster upon 
completion of the courses with 
marked Improvement in 
comprehension and con-
centration. 

For those who would like 
additional information, a series 
of free, one hour orientation 
lectures have been scheduled. 

These free meetings will be 
held at the following times and 
locations; 

Location : Town &: Country 
Hotel, Executive Rm, East end 
of property. 
Thur. Sept 30 - at 6:30 pm &: 
again at 8:30 pm. 
Fri. Oct. 1- at 6:30 pm&:again 
at8:30pm. 
Sat Oct. 2 -atlO:30am&:again 
at 1:30pm. 
Mon. Oct 4 - at6 :3O pm &:again 
at8:30pm. 
Tue. Oct. 5 -at6:30 pm &:again 
at8:30pm. 
Wed. Oct. 6 - at 6:30 pm &: 
again at 8: 30 pm. 

HURRrI LAST WEEKI approach 6000 words per minute. PHIL SIMONE ... ------_____________ ..... 

NOWFARN 

, 

We are increasing the div-
idend because we want you 
to transfer your savings to 
your credit union. The 
rapid growth of U .S.E. 
Credit Union allows the 
dividend to be increased. 
When you transfer your 
savings to the credit union, 
you help insure this rapid 

PER 
ANNmI-
ON 
REGUlAR 
U.S.E. 
SAl'INGS 
Your Unive rsi ty and 
State Employees C red,t 
Union int nds to p ay 
y ou a full 6 % per a n · 
num· on regu la. r say· 
ings for th e q ua rt r 
beginning Octo b e r 
firstl 

growth and the continua-
tion of extremely high reo 
turns on your savings . .. 
HIGHER THAN YOUR 
CURRENT BANK OR SAV· 
INGS AND LOAN PASS· 
BOOK ACCOUNT. So, help 
yourself to the BIG 6% and 
help your University and 
State Employees Credit 
Union grow. 

·C.I .. IJf .... I •• ~ot'U .. ,. U .. , ' u,,_. 'rom Md.n", 1"- '-lift •• ,.., Ie IM .~ 01 lit .. .... _fMI _ _ '" , ,.. II ... U .. I C ..... UfO_ 
• .,.,..., , .... JIoI.c' ,c:. ef , .... . , fit ... ..,.~ ..... ~ TN .... ~.., 11 ... _,"," .... KU. t ' thW,CI'ef'oCt\ M ....... 1'. bI..- t" ...... . 

6NCUA [][]~[§ -.----
University & State Employees Credit Union 

SDSU 
519t College Ave 
San Diego. Calif. 
(714) 286-4210. 

UC DAVIS 
Orchard Road 

Davis. Calif. 
(916) 752-1817. 

UCSD 
3100 Gilman Drive 

La Jolla. Calif. 
(on Matthews Campus across 

from VA Hospital) 
(71 4) 453-5620 

San Diego 
5555 Mlloreo :'treel 
San ~iego , California 

(7 14) 297· 1838. 



...... 

CalPlRG.. I. 
bbled with an ana}yl of the dty's 1Ui4elinea and Is beduJed for 
reIu,jIe in &be sprr. . As the Brat 
projeCt of its Idnd in COUDty, the 
analyses and s~s OIUI resulting 
from the current ! arch sbould 
have major imp81.:t& on the c0m-
munity. (Students .re still needed 
to help with reaea_-cIain8, writin& 
and interviewing.) 

So, what's in all this for you? 
Aside from the personal 
satisfaction of working for 
meaningful social change, there is 
the poIISibllity of financial rewards 
(we now have some work study 
openings), the pciuibllity of course 
credit (students have received 
coune credit for work they have 
done with C8lPIRG through m. 
dependent study, directed 
research, term project credit, 
nemship credit) and the training 
and experience that can lead to 
career opportunities. 

WordL 
enoucb for a week's worth of hard, 
serious Zen concentration. 

Inddentally, the 'IJ minute m. 
terruption of the sound portion of 
the debate was a total Zen Politics 
experience . Watching two 
presidential candidates sweating 
under oppressively hot studio 
lights, willing themselves into 
nonverbal states of consciousness, 
PJOvided a rare look Into the 

triton tiDIes 

workings of our political syatem. 

(Governor Carter was no doubt 
mulling over the one-ended stick 
question. ) 

The next two debates promise to 
offer similar opportWlities for Zen 
enlightenment. It might be a good 
idea to fast or sit in a lotus position 
for a few days before tuning in. Or 
just pick up .. copy of US Newsaad 
World Report, open wide and go 

FouRTIl STudENTS ! 
GoVERNMENT STRUCTURE TO 

bE fiNAUzECi ThURsdAY 
J:JO pM J02 Me 

MEnlNG TO fiNALIZE THE DRAn Of THE fOURTH COLLEGE 
STUDENT GOVERNMENT CONSTITUTION. THE fiNAL 
PROPOSAL Will 8E VOTED ON 8Y All fOURTH COLLEGE 
STUDEm. 

OLD 110 .. • •• QOOD TDI8II • OLD 
.......,. .... __ DUN". OLD 
~. y(JVlfO ...... OLD 0 ..... 
• JIIIW aVU8 • OLD IU"l'ClDN • MDT 
UJIIDWICJD: •• OLD cooa • A'I1JIf'rm 

'RUTH. OLD PUCK .... W .... ~T 
• OLD ... N • YOUNG WOMaN • OLD 
POOL • NWW PONG • OLD n.ooa • 

0-.'1' DANCING. OLD ~ALL • 
MSW PAOHlNltO 

OLD HOCM. I lAM TO 1:80AM 
OL.D PLAC8 .... QAllNST 

Free Admlaelon Till October 18 with thle Ad 

If you would like to work for 
action, for a change, and put your 
ideas into motion, join us at our 
campus·wide organizational 
meeting tomorrow at 7:30pm in 
the conference room at the student 
center. For more infonnation call 
CalPIRG at 236-1508/452-4569 'or 
leave a message for us in the 
student organizations office. 

Pick Up DRAh . O~ CONSTiTuTioN 
AT )02 MC ...... ..u 

Economical basics. Powerful slide · rules. 
And, a programmable pow-erhouse. 

TI-1200 

Goes where you go. Adds, sub-
tracts. multiplies. divides. Per-
centage. too. Automatic constant. 
Full floating decimal. 8-digit dis-
play. Replaceable battery. Optional 
adapter available. 

SR·50A 

The classic slode rule calculator. 
Algebraic keyboard and sum·of-
products capability w ith single-
function keys. Versat ile memory : 
add. store. or retrieve data Set 
angles to degrees or radians. Cal· 
culates to 13·digits. display rounds 
to 10. Operales on rechargeable 
battery pack. 

TI·1 250 

Every1hing the TI-I200 has- plus. 
Full function memory: add. sub· 
tract. recall or clear with a single 
keystroke. Also. a change sign key. 
Replaceable battery. Optional 
adapter available. 

$1295* 

SR·5 1A 

Even more power. Three user·ac· 
cessible memories. leasl square 
linear regression. Factorials. Ran · 
dam numbers . Permutations 
Mean. variance. and Slandard de-
viation. 20·conversions. And more 
- plus. everyth ing that can be done 
on Ihe SR·50A. AC adapter/ char-
ger included. 

$7995* 

TI·1600 

Super sl im. High·styled. Fou r func -
tions. Percent key. Automatic con· 
stant. a·digit display is easy on the 
eyes. Use it 3 to 5 hours before 
recharging. AC adapter/c harger 
and carrying case. 

$2495* 

TI H us iness Analy t 

Saves working with books of tables 
and cha ns. Financial and slalistical 
operations are preprogrammed. 
Hand les: annuity, simple and com-
pound inleresl . sinking lund. amor· 
tiza tion. cash flow, cost control 
and deprecia tion - and more. AC 
adapter/charger and carrying case 
incl uded. 

$4995* 

Special SR-56 $10.00 rebate. 

TI·1650 

Super sli m . Powerf u l 4-k ey 
memory. A change'sign key. Press 
the keys just as you would state the 
problem. Fast-charge battery o ff· 
ers 3 . to 5 hours con tinuous use. 
Ad ap t er an d carry ing case 
included: 

$2995* 

SR·!)6 

Super slide rule that 's program-
mable. A powerhouse. 10 memo· 
ries. 100 program steps. 9 levels 01 
parentheses, 4 levels of subrout ine. 
AOS (Algebraic Operating System) 
lets you handle complex problems 
naturall y. le ft - to · r lg ht. Battery 
pack . AC adapter/cha rger and Ap-
plications library. 

st0995* 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------, 
Texas Instruments w ill rebate $1 0.00 of your orig inal 
SA-56 purchase price when you return th is coupon 
and your SA·56 customer information card post-
marked no later than October 31 , 1976. To apply: 
1. Fill out this coupon 
2. Fill out special serialized customer information 

card inll in e SR-56 box 
3. Aetu rn completed coupon and information card to : 

Special Campus Offer 
P.O. Box 1210 
Rlch.rdson, rexas 75080 

Name 

Address 

City 

Name 01 SR·56 Retalle, 
SR· 56 

Stale Z,p 

I 
I 

I 
I 
I 
I 

Serial No (lrom back of calculator) . : 
Pleas.aJlow 30 Clays tor (abate I L ___________________________________________________________________________________ J 

·Sugg.stlG reuj prICe TEXAS (NSTRUMENTS 
• li71 TalJ tn5flumtnb 1nc.00000~led IN O RPORA T 0 

triton times 

The Wells Fargo Stagecoach, t is. Because, for 
a dollar a month, you can have a student checking ac-
count at Wells Fargo Bank. There's no minimum balance 
required and you can write as many checks os you want. 
We'll even send you a statement every month. 

The plan also has a built-in " see you in September" 
feature: If you don't write checks over the summer; we don't 
chdrge you, and we keep the ?ccount open . until fall even 

., 

, 
e 

if there isn't any money in it. 
'A sk about our special Master 

rge cred it plan for sophomores, juniors, seniors 
and grad students. It provides extra money when you 

need it -a good way to build credit standing. Plus you 
have overdraft protect ion on your checking account at 

no add it iona l cost unt il you use it. Wells Fargo Bonk. 
Because every college should have a good coach. 

Student checking $].'a month. 
Wens E8lgo Bank. 

La Jolla Office, 7602 Girard Avenue, La Jolla 

PageS 



..... 

monday 
1 pm - Beginlling Folk Dance. All types of folk dances each week, every Monday and 

Wednesday (this week only Wed. meeting will be at 1 :30) RecGym Conference Room. 
4 pm - Information session for Muir Program Board and 5 & Dime advisory group. ~uir 

Apt. Lounge. 
4.pm - GSU Steerlag Committee Meeting. First social and organizational meeting of the 

year. Student Center Lounge Conf. Rm 
4 pm - FUms. Chris Welsby, filrilaker from England, will screen tJ.is experimental films. 

Mandeville Room 103. 
4 pm - Seminar. Dr. DOnald F . Steiner, " Characterization and In Vitro Translation ofthe 

Messenger RNA for Insulin." Small Seminar Room, Salk Institute. 
4: 30 pm -GYllUl8stics Club. South Balcony. Contact Ron Kennings x3128. 
5 pm - CoucHtlouing Club. Wrestling room. Contact Renee x4038. 
'5-9 pm - Birth Control Cllaic. Counseling, info. and rap orientation. All welcome. Student 

Health Center. 
6 pm - Snow Ski Club. Rec Gym Conl. Room. Contact Renee x4038. 
6:30 pm - Aikido Club. Wrestling Room. Contact Bob Button at 436-2342. 
7:30 pm - Slide Presentation. "Visiting Ancestral Villages" by Lorraine Wong - Recent 

visitor to People's Republic of China. Mission Hill 1st congregational at Jackdaw and Fort 
Stockton. Free. '. 

8 pm - Israeli Dance Club. Rec Gym Conf. Room. Contact Keith Kitano at 453-1456. 
9:15 - Monday Night Film Club. Film " Seven Brides for Seven Brothers". Free at the 

Muir 5 & Dime. 

tuesday 
Noon - UCSD Staff Association Meeting, Main Aud., Univ. Hospital. Chancellor William 

D. McElroy will speak on "The State of the University." All Univ. staff invited. Free. 
2:30 pm - SoUd State Physics Seminar. "Fountain Pressure in The Superfluid", Mr. 

Steven Shields. APM2313. 
3-5 pm - Vocational counseling sessions every Tuesday and Thursday. For students 

concerned about their occupational or vocational futures . Also for students concerned or 
confused about their major. Call x3755 or x3490 for appointment. Revelle Counselor's Office. 

3 pm - Salk Institute Seminar. Dr. Wolfram Ostertag, Max-Planck Institute for ex-
perimental Medicine, Gottingen : "Sequence and Reversibility of Events During 
Erythropoiesis in Friend Cells". Hammer Center Library. 

4 pm - Chemical Physical Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Prof. John Olmsted nI, 
American Univ., Washington, D.C. , "What is Going In Beirut? The photo-physics of -9,10 
Diphenylanthracene. " 

4 pm - Information session for Muir Program Board and Five & Dime advisory group. 
Muir Apt. Lounge. 

4 pm - Tennis. First team meeting. Rec Gym Conf. Room. 
4 pm - Karate Club. North Balcony. Contact Jaques Perrauet x252O. 
5 pm - Bicycle Club. Rec Gym Conf. Room. Contact Larry Rairden x4279. 
5 pm - Surfing Club. Rec. Gym Conl. Room. Contact Mike Shand x2523. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling info, appointments, rap orientation, all ' 

welcome. Student Health Center. 
6 pm - Going Places Club. Rec Gym Conf. Room. Contact Renee x4038. 
6 pm - Outing Club. Rec Gym Conf. Room. Contact Renee x4038. 
7 pm - Meeting of Pisolitic Uranites (new geology field trip club) to discuss field trip on 

Saturday, Oct. 9 to Jacumba area. Student Center Lounge Conf. Room. For info call Dave or 
Dan at 452-8635. 

7: 30 pm - Babal Fireside - All interested seekers of truth are invited to attend the first 
fireside of the year at the Student Center Gameroom Conference Room. Call Danny or Tim 
at 222-5202 for more info. 

7: 30 pm - Cal-Pirg organizational. meeting. Student Center North C9nference Room. 
8 pm - Folk Dance Club. Rec Gym Conf. Room. Contact Jeff Johnson at 279-2407. 

Photo: Bill Brooks 

A 
10/4 

wednesday 
9 am - 12 noon - The Literature Department faculty and staff would like to meet and tell you 
about our many undergraduate courses and majors. Refrestunents will be served. Student 
Center North Conference Room. 

9 am - Motivational Works bop. For students who feel very lethargic and unmotivated 
academically. The aim of the workshop wlll be to help the student become more enthused 
and more succe98ful in his or her academic pursuits. Revelle Counselor's Office. 

12 noon - 4:30 - Birth Control Clinic: ~ppointments, counseling Information. Student 
Health Center. 

12 noon - AMES 215, Seminar No. 5, Film Series. "Introduction to Feedback" and 
"Introduction to the Cathode-Ray Oscilloscope", 7104 Urey Hall. 

12:30-2:30 pm - Sex ClInic. For students seeking infonnation or counseling about human 
sexual functioning. Meets every Wed. Revelle CoWlSelor's Office. 

1: 40 pm - "Focus ou UCSD," Radio Station KSOO, 11 : 30 am. Dr. H. William Menard talks 
about our attitudes toward the oceans. "Our Continuing Frontier." 

4 pm - Physics Department Colloquium. " Low Cost Solar Power From Satellites (With 
Ferro Electric Heat Engines)", Dr. J . E. Drununond, Maxwell Laboratories, USB 2622. 

4 pm - Table Tennis Club. Rec Conf. Room. Contact Ross Bott x2541. 
4:30 pm - UCSD Women's Caucus, International Center, Matthews. Dr. June Tapp, new 

provost of Revelle College will give an informal talk on the status of women. Free. 
5 pm - Swimming, first team meeting for men. 2152 H&ss. 
5 pm - Jazz Dance Club. North Balcony. Contact Kathy Nickols 271-5204. 
6 pm - Satch meeting. Elections for Club officers will be held. Revelle Formal LoWlge. 
6 pm - Ballroom Dance Club. Rec. Coof. Room. Contact Renee x4038. 
7 pm - Scuba Club. Rec. Conf. Room. Contact Danny Marquez x4032. 
8: 30 pm - American Civil Uberties Union Organizational meeting will be deciding plans 

(or the year. Come and get involved in Student Issues. Student Center Norih Conference 
Room. 

Dr. Littleman 

We've been bumped! The . 
Executive Board of the Triton 
Times has wisely decided we're 
WHAT'S HAPPENING and we can 
be found on the WHAT'S ON? page 
every Monday, meaning that 
questions must be sulmitted by 
Wednesday, 3 pm, to the. Triton 
Times office at the southwest 
comer of the student Center, 
BuUdingA. 

Last week's questions were good, 
this week's were somewhat better, 
but we want more, More, MORE-
we're still not satisfied. 

Dear Doc: Whatever happened 
to the UCSD yearbook? 

There's no truth to the rumor 
that they ran out of years. The 
Yearbook Staff, a mysterious 
group of students who live in the 
tUlUlels under Revelle, published a 
yearbook in 1966 and 1967, made a gallant attempt In 1968, but were then 
stricken with the disease familiar to all UCSD students-SENIORITIS. 
They never recovered. U you desire a glimpse of one of the two yearbooks 
published, look under that pile of papers in the planning office's rece~ 
lion area. 

Dear Doc: Whatever happened to last year's student directory? 
Depending on whom you've talked to, there are two explanatiom. One 

story has it that In honor of National Procrastination Year, no one ever 
got around to it. The other source tells us that the directory ran Into 
financial difficulty (just like the rest of us) . For severa] years, an off-
campus firm solicited ads for the directory, but last year it ran into 
financial problems too. This year someone gullible enough ... 

Er, ugh, interested enough has been found to solicit ads. The 1976-77 
student directory should be available November IsLglve or take six 
months. 

SON: 
10/10 

thmsday 
12 noon - Graduate Student CouncU [GSC] Meeting. See your department representatives 

forinfo. 
12 noon-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Appointments, counseling, info. Student Health 

Center. 
12:30 P!'l-. Sumner Noo~ Series,. Sumner Aud., SID. Dr. M.N.A. Peterson will give the 

major SCientific and techrucal achievements of the International Phase of Ocean Drilling 
for the past year. Free. 

2 pm - Meeting of the Disabled Students Union in the D.S.O. office. Disabled and able 
bodied students invited. 

2-4 pm - Men's Consciousness Raising Group. A group will explore what it means to be 
male; how men relate to other men and women. Also, impact of women's lib on men. 412 MC 
x3755. . 

2: 30 pm - Plasma PhYSics Seminar. "Electrostatic Trapping of Relativistic Electron 
Beams in a Magnetic Mirror", Dr. Phelps. APM 2B13. 

3:30 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Student Government. Final revision of new con-
stitution prior to approval by Fourth College Student Body. 302 MC (Fourth College 
Provost's office) : 

4 pm - Seminar. Dr. Richard Olson, Dept. of Biochemistry UC Riverside: "GBA 
Receptor Binding Sires in Rat Brain and Crayfish muscle." Sm~ll Seminar Room, Salk 
Institute. 

4 pm - Astropbysics-Space Physics Seminar. "Redshifts and the Expansion of the· 
Universe, or How I spent my summer vacation", Dr. Smith USB 2622. 

4 pm - High Energy Physics Seminar. "Observation of v + e Scattering" Dr. Reines HL 
1148. ' , 

4:30pm- Yoga Club. Adapt. Room. Contact Mike Real x4410. 
5 pm - Belly Dance Clnb. Rec. Conf. Room. Contact Linda Holmes 452-1236. 
5-7 pm - Reception at Mandeville Art Gallery: Alexis Smith. Oct. 7 - Oct. 31 Alexis Smith 

Exhibition, Sun. - Fri. 12-5 pm. 
6 pm - Meeting of the TrIton Wargaming SOCiety. Tioga 302. 
6 pm - Dance Ensemble Club. Rec. Conf. Room. Contact Margaret Marshall x4032. 
7 pm - Soaring Club. H&SS 2250. Contact Janet Mcilwain 454-4857. 
7 pm - Fencing Club. West Balcony. Contact John Helmook x3777. 
7 pm - Amnesty International Meeting. HLll60. 
7 pm - 10 pm - Big Welcome Meeting, Asian-American Student Alliance (AASA). 

Introduction, announcements and refrestunents. Student Center North Conference Room. 
7: 30 pm - Bible Study on Book of Matthew, led by Pastor John Huber University Com-

munity Church in the parsonage. ' 

Dear Doc: What are the proper channels to go through for isllDing a 
complaint about a professor or TA? 

Two, 7,39, and on Public television 15. If this doesn't help we recom-
mend talking to the individual. The next stop, if this doesn't work is to 
follow this chain of command; TA to .professor to department c~ir to 
provost to Vice<hancellor of Academic Mfairs Paul Saltrnan. HIKE! If 
you feel you've got a problem and choose to pursue a remedJal course of 
action. we recommend that YOU be rational, calm, and specific and that 
you offer constructive suggestions for change. ' 

Dear Doe: WUt are e.teterta bambtqen REALLY made of? 
We lmow you're not going to believe this, but the hamburgers are 

REAlJ.. Y bambuqen. The cafeteria buys ground beef in bulk. Since they 
don't buy lean ground beef, we get most of the bulk in our stomachs. They 
make the patties themselves and are open to suggestions on seasonings 
but no matter what they do to a cafeteria hamburller. It'll never be "tw~ 
aU beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions, on a 
sesame seed bun." 

And now for some auickie auestlons-
Where Is love? 
Save time, consult your Yellow Pages. 
Why should I never bold a grudge? 
They shed terribly. 
Why should I Dot be my own wont enemy? 
So you can give someone else a chance. 
As a public service for all you CO'en out there, we offer some excerpts 

from the soon to be published 12 code. 
12-50 If you got it, a truck brought It. 
12-72 You have me confused with someone who gives a shit 

12~ I think you have problems, stupid. 
Below are the aoswers forquestiol18 we did not have space to Include: 
a ) 12 Inches, b) not this mooth, c) yes, d) they can try It, but It won't get 

them anywhere, e) $3.23 per hour for both of them. 
Remember, if it makes you happy, it makes us happy. Uncle Buck and 

Aunt Dear. 

Pace 7 

friday 
12'noon-4 :30 pm - Birth Control Cllaic. Counseling, appointments, info. Student Health 

Center. 
Noon - Biochemistry Seminar, room 2100 BSB, Med Scool: Dr. Donald Helinski, "Con-

struction of Plasmid Vehicles for Gene Cloning." 
12:05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar, room 307 Vaughan Hall, SID. Dr. William Hamner, 

Australian Institute of Marine Sciences, "Contribution of zooplankton to the Great Barrier 
Reef." 

3 pm - Philosophy Dept. Colloquium. Dr. AI Martinich, University of Texas at Austin, 
"The Referential Use of Definite Descriptions". Revelle Infonnal Lounge. 

3 pm - Topics in Respiration, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. David H. Allen, Univ. 
of Sydney, "Physiological and Immunological Aspects of Hypersensitivity Pneumonitis." 
. 4 pm - Organic Chemistry Seminar, room 2622 USB , Revelle. Dr. Michael Garst, "Syn-

thesis of Furans. " 
4 pm - Political Science Colloquium. " Israeli Politics in Transition", Dr. Yosef GoeU, 

Hebrew University. Revelle Fonnal Lounge. 
7 pm - Campus Crusade for Christ Meeting. Topic: "F reedom Through Christ." Windsor 

Commons. 
7-10 pm - "An Evening With ArtSeidenbaum." Humanities Library Auditorium. $5. G.A., 

$2.50 Students with 1.0. A UC Extension Class. The "Los Angeles Times" columnist will 
address ' 'The Changing California Landscape". To enroll call 452-3400. 

7 and 9:30 pm - " Zardoz" , USB 2722, $1.25. 
7:30 pm - "What is Higher Consciousness," Discussion and meditations open to all. 

Presented by Alpha Omega Alliance. Revelle 3050A seminar room. 
.7:30 pm - Folk Art of the Philip~lnes. Exhibit and sale sponsored by Gallery 8. Opening 

mght : Samahan Dance Company In perfonnance. Included in show will be a wide assort-
ment of old and new baskets, tribal jewelry, brassware, and wood carvings. Oct. 9-10 from 
lOam -4 pm, Interna tional Center. 

8:30 pm - Tokyo String Quartet. Mandeville Aud itorium. Students $1.50, GA $5.00. 

satmday 
! am - Field trip to Jacumba sponsored by Pisolitic Uranites, (new UCSD Geology field 

trip club). Call Dave or Dan at 452-8635 for info. Location to meet at announced at meeting 
on Tuesday. 

9 am - 5 pm - ':The ~eDt~1 Picture: Professional Cartooning." Introductory course with 
freelance cartoomst ErIC Teitelbaum. A UC Extension class. Call x3400 for info. 

10 am - 4 pm - Folk Art of the Philippines. Exhibit and sale at the International Center. 
1:21 pm- "Focus ou UCSD." See 1:40pm Wed., Oct. 6 for details. 
5:30 pm -:. Catholic Mass. University Community Church. . 
7 pm- Movie. "400 Blows and Jules and Jim" . USB 2722. $1 .00. 

sllnday 
10 am-4 pm - Folk Art of the Philippines. Exhibit and sale at the International Center. 
10 am - Lutheran Wor:ship Services. University Community Church. 
6 pm - Student Program: "Loneliness and Belonging". Michael Real will speak on "The 

American Dream." student Center North Conference Room. 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge Games, open to everyone. Revelle North Dining Hall. 
8 pm-midnight. - EDNA and the Dead-Air Club present the KSDT Benefit Concert 

featuring one hour each of a jazz quartet and a local rock band, highlighted by 90 minu~ 
plus of Ragtime and Country Boogie by Bob Long and his Billion Dollar Band. Mandeville 
Auditorium. One buck donation. 

Photo: Bill Brooks 



Chris Walsh, 
Engineering 
"It's boring to read the way 
most people are taught. 
This way, you look at a 
page of print-you see the 
whole page. It's great!" 

John Futch, 
Law Student 
"With 60 briefs a week, 
the average student takes 
3il week to prepare fo r 
class. In an evening, 
I'm finished:' 

triton daf. 

Jim Creighton, 
Student 
"It's easy. Once you 
know how to do it. it's 
super easy!" 

Jenl Malam, 
Student 

free. 
"I had C's in high school. After 
Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics, 
I was able to maintain an A average:' 

Richard St, Laurent, 
Teacher 
"I was skeptical, but now I'm 
reading around 2300 words a 
minute. Puts you that much ' 
ahead of everyone else:' 

It'll make homework a lot easier this year. In fact, you can cut your stud~ ti~e almost 
in half with the copyrighted techniques you learn in one free lesson. We 11 gIve you the. 
incredible secrets to easy speed reading, better concentration and greater comprehenSIon. 
Tat,lght in more than 300 cities throughout the U.S. It's easy, It's fun. It works. 

Increase your readl .. speed as much as 100%1 

SUNDAY 
! THRU 

T URSDAY 
4 P.M. OR 8 P.M. 

LA JOLLA 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE INN 

1-5 at La Jolla Village Dr. 

. , MISSION VALLEY 
MASTER HOSTS INN 

950 Hotel Circle 

m EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS 

triton times Paget 

TRiTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
WANTEd 

Writers I Join our 198 and help c,..te lind 
publish literary Journal call ~)'7245 0( 
Lowry-4 th col writ (10/4) 

La Jolla Communlly EducaUOMI Service, • 
tutor program nBeda volunleers 10 wort< with 
Spanish speaking chlldr.n . Monday-
ThurSday afternoon •. ~~271 . (10 /Sr 
Assemblyman larry Kapllolf needs your 
help. Meel at noon Oct. 4 In conference room 
A sludent center. (10/4) 

Need a ride to Bay a_ weekend of Ocl 71h 
for Dead concen . Call Bob at 45).6()78 0( 
.2952 gas paid, etc. (10/4) 

Telephone solicitors. Good hourly wage and 
bon usee . ~r 10 UCSO. 4 shifts. Immediate 
openlngs-275-2531S (10118) 
Ride needed: UCLA 10 UCSD evary Fri . aller 2 
pm and UCSD to UCLA _ry Mon. am. Share 
cosls . larry 452-2172. 

Babysi tter wanted exp pre! Tuea and Thura 
mornings. CaJI29HI706evenlng . 

WOMEN WANTED We need a few women 
who are Interested In playing cced Innertube 
water polo with the "Mal lgMnl Tubars" . a 
fair-to-good, ptay for-recreation leem. No 
experience necessery call Ken al 452-06120( 

75~. 

Bass playerl vocallst needed Immediately lor 
progressive lazzlrock band . Phone 454-7858 
afler6 p.m. 

Needed: persona with very large or small 
heads (lees than 21 or greater than 24 in. ) for 
alpha WBYe study. Contact Beslc Science 
Bldg :.J46 leeve name phone and heedslze. 
(1016) 
Typist n ... ded to work for publishing firm . 
Will learn how to Iypeset . MUST be accurate, 
with speed essential. Call 436-3747. Ask lor 
Rich. 

MEN !--WOMEN! 
JOBS ON SHIPS! American . Foreign . No 
expe rience required . Excellent pay . 
Worldwide travel . Summer Job or career . 
Send $3.00 lor Information . SEAFAX. Dept. 
B-6 Box 2049. Port Angeles, Washlnglon 
98362 . (10/6) 

PERSONAls 

STOMP BOOTS 
Red Wing, II ... toee, worn twice, cost 162. 
Now $3) . Paul 278-5115e evee . Check lhe .. 
ou1(1016) 

62 VW Bug : excellent running condition ; 
sunroof; radio. heater :.J m.p.g. original 
owner. S850 Iller 5 487-2219. (10 /8) 

19" SylYlll1la color .. I lor $1 00. Plush recliner 
for 5100loffer. 213" alngl.sp. Schwinn 753-
7621 . 

71 Vega auiometic has Ie .. lhan 60000 mll_ 
S6OO. PIea .. call45~7 altere pm. 

lbenez 6 Itrlng acoustic guitar S70 good 
Condition excellent sollnd call 222-5819 
IYDCYCATn • 
The Who concan great Mals S15. 270-6444 . 
(10/6) 

Schwinn !>-apeed S25 Raleigh l()'speed S50 2 
Yonex lennls rackets $45 call 453-8275 
anytime alter 5 (1 0/8) 

Melrosound model MS·7550 AM IFM 
recel_/casettetape player cosl $l35-seillor 
5100 call 27),3580. (10/131 

Good Eagles Ilckets. Call evenings 488-8200. 

CBers - Come on Com. onl Gemtron lcs solid 
slate 23 channel mobile 0( base units full 1 
yr . Guaranlee now al wholesale prices lor 
UCSD students. Call AI",,-277-4595 eves . 

Guitar for sale Hagstrom II electric solid body 
2 pickups good condo $8l wl case ~)'7684 
Doug . 

CB350 1973 lor sale 5450 or besl oller. Also 
dual turntable call Herb .2416 days. 

1968 Yamaha 305 motorcycle , runs good , 
looks ugly, Iransporlallon lor only 
$150 /ofler. Call Dan. 274-0102. (10/41 

The Who Oct. 7 concert 2 Ilckets $25 ea sac 
13583-0041 . (10/ 4) 

WHO concert tickels Oct. 9 good seats 282-
3932. (10/6) 

73 Pinto . aulomallc . low miles, excellent 
condition . S1750 or best oller . Musl sell 
going abrood 453-9147 (10/6) 

1971 Datsun pick-up with 8hell. 77000 ml. 
Good condition. $1500. 753-204t or 753-2582 
Mall. (10/4) 

70 Aust in America 27 mpg, good COnd o Must 
sell 5450. Bo. 853 , Del Mar. (10/8) 
Stereo lor sale KLH model 11. $75 will lake 
part In trade for portable FM radiolcassatte 
or? 755-:.J85 (10141 

Schwinn len speed good cond~lon S65 great 
Iransportatlon. Call Phil al 45!>-9276 (10/8) 

• SERVICES 
MUSICIANS REFERRAL SERVICE 
II you are a musician presently without wort<. 
Get your act together I Call (7141 460-6540. 
(1016) 

ACADEMIC RESEARCH PAPERS . 
Thousands on tile . Sand 51 .00 for your 192-
page. mall order catalog . 11:l221daho Ave., 
f21l8H , los Angeles, Calif. 90025 (213) 477-
6474 . (12/6) 

Span ish and French prlvale lessons. 234-
0391 extension 335. (101251 

A Weight Reduction Group will be star1ed by 
Counseling and Psychological Services on 
Tuesday , October 5. from 3-4:30. 11 Inl ... ested 
call Becca , 452-3755. and leave name. 
number, ",!d address . (10/4) 

TECHNICAL IllUSTRATIONS 
Graphs, elc. lor publlcallons. Reasonable, 
rush welcome . Paul 276-5156 eves . (10/15J 
Alpha Omega Aliens what Is higher con-
science talks and discussions by AOA Friday 
7 pm 3050 USB. 

Tennis lessons. One stUdent, one leach .... S5 
per lesson . Call 431S-1152ISk 10( Russ . (1016) 

kousiNG 
Duplex for rent 3 BRM 2 BA fum private patio 
avail Imm MISSion Blvd. Pacilic Beach 27()' 
9665(1014) 
Own room & bath In OM hiS apt $11 2.501 mo 
Incl. uti! . non-smoker no pets . Must be 
clean . Abby 75!>-7005. 

Housemates wanted (2) for Ig . 4 bdrm. house 

wlyard & IIreplace. Stl0.00 a mo. & share of 
ulilities. Call 75)'9:.J3. 

Female wanled to share 4 bdrm. house In 
Cardllf . Can share rides 75),7621. 

. 

Shara luxury 2 bedroom 2 bath Pacific Beach 
Apt. good view. fireplace, olymplc pool, 
lennis , activities. 1 block to beach . 274-9018. 
(tOI 8) 

4 BR 2 BA pool , Poway . Singles . pets , OK. 

--' 

,. , 

5J501 month. Aval lable Immed iately. no lease 
454-7658 after 6 pm 

Stili lOOking fO( 2 malure, serious non-
smoking studenls 10 share spacious 3 br 
house In S. Clalremont, with canyon view /I 
own large rooms . 5120 plus 1 / 3 util it ies 
each. Bolh sexes welcome. 292-0213. (10 / 8 ) 

Need 10 1111 condo overlooking ocean In Del 
Mar. Pool . tennis, etc. all amenities. Fur-
nished 755-5071 . 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes 'examined 
prescriptions fil!ed 
contact lenses fitted 
repairs 

hours mon -I" 1030 - BOO 
sal 10·6 Closed sundays 

orts arena blvd. 
(across Irom Ihe Sporls arena) 

224-2974 

London Times to 1855 & olher strangeness . 
Fine books bought & sold . Ex lIbrls Book-
. 1",. in Sofana Beach 755-7323. 

**************************************************************** 
* * * * 

IS Speed Reading worth It? II you have had a 
course and can advl .. me phone Erik 452. 
9642. 

WeI suit 1/4 In. Baley like new M 'Size call 
4:Jl-5778 or leeve • and name lor Ray at 
Siudeni Cenler. (10 /6 ) 

3 monlh old Black Labradore fem ale puppy 
need a good home. Inle,..ted? Call 453-9451 
nites (10/ 8) 

Who tlckels 27&-1046. 

For sale Single bed and box springs good 
COndition $25 call Bred 481-9832M.W • .,ler5 
and wkends . 

* * I STUDENT PARKING INFORMATION i 
* * I Citations Are Issued To Illegally Parked Vehicles. ! 
I : 
* * * Parking permits ere required on campus 7 :00 a .m . to 6:00 p .m ., Monday through * 
* Friday . Parking meter fees are also required during these hours . * 

** * 
Student ("S" permit) parking Is restricted to YEllOW STRIPED SPACES In * 

* campus parking lot. . * 

* * * * 
Kawasaki 90 needs 10 be sold because owner * EXCEPTION' GRACE PERIOD * needs cash $249 or best offer. Call 75!>-7639. : • : 

* * 
* * * Studanta may perk In YELLOW STRIPED SPACES ONLY without a * * permit from Monday, September 20 through Wednesday. October 6, * 
* 1976. as a convenience to allow ample time for purcha_ of parking * 
* permita. Psrklng permita must be displayed after October 6 . * 
* * 
* * * * l. '-'-"--~ * * lCOannTNITY :: Parking permits are sold at the Central Cashier's Office, Building 401 , Matthews * ** 

f 
~U 1 Campus and should be purchased as soon as you arrive on campus . To avoid in-

BLOOD 
* 

creasing the length of line. for the payment of registration fees , student permits ** 
will not be sold on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, September 27, 28, and 29. 

, 983 Ind.. , 1* :: 
1 327 FStreet f During the period from September 16 through OctOber 31 , 1976 e student parking * 
f PAYSDONOBS " ** permit mey be purchssed for $36,00 for the scademlc year . Purchase your needs ** 
I \ early and avoid the possibility of long lines at the last moment . 

f tor Service i # You must furnish proof of vehicle ownership (vehicle registration document) st I 
• Mon . • Frt. t * the time of permit purchase. * 
, 233-5411 J', * Parking Service. personnel will be at the Cashier's Office during the " Grace : L .... _ ....... _~!!:..!!O! __ , .... ,._.... . Period" to a.slst you In obtaining your parking permit . * 
·····TT··ADS···i 

ClaSSified : 
Only 25cents 
with UCSD 1.0. 

Personals: 
SOc 'or student. 

non . tudents only 51 
per 100 tpM:ft 
per irwertion 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

• 

I 

If you have any quastlons or need assistance plee.e cell Perking Services on 
extension 4223 or stop by Building 400, Matthttws Campus . 

UC San Diego Parking Services 

452·4223 

Building 400 Matthews campus 

: 
* 
* i 
i 

........... *.*** .............................................. .. 



triton times October t, lin. 

StarShip's Solid Performanc~Marred 
By Apparent Lack of Enthusiasm 

TIm MacKeIIIie 
Arta EdItor 

Funny, they didn't look like rock 
stars, In fact, the majority of the 
Jefferson Starship personnel seem 
way too old to be involved in such a 
"youthful" business. Consider that 
Grace Slick's 40th birthday is in the 
not too distant future. 

However, the Jefferson Star-
ship's experience W1doubtedly 
accounted for their very 
professional, solid performance at 
the Los Angeles Forum. The only 
thing the Starship lacked was 
enthusiasm. The last thing a college 

senior needs is another 
pat on the back. 

This lack of ellthusiasm could be 
attributed to several factors. The 
group was on the second leg of its 
national tour, so perbaps they were 
just tired, In addition, Starship 
members were continually com-
plaining to the sound techniclans 
about the quality of the vocal mix. 
At one point Grace quipped, "It 
sounds like shit up here." 
Strangely enough, if it waan't for 
her continual bitching, the 
audience would probably never 
have noticed. 

Marty Balin 

As a college senior, credit-card offers, 
promises and congratulations come pouring in. 
Enjoy it while you can. Because it won't last . 
Out in the world, you'll have to work thing out 
for yourself. And one of those things is 
lire-insurance. 

Fidelity Union Life has a plan designed for you : 
the CollegeMaste~ the insur-
ance plan chosen by more col-
lege seniors than any other. 

Call the CollegeMaster 
Field Associate in 
your area: 

Unquestionably, the level of 
response from the audience was at 
its peak during the performance of 
material from "Volunteers." 
"Somebody to Love" and "White 
Rabbit'" remained their most ef-
fective crowd pleasers. 

4501 MINion Bay Dr. Suite 3A 
276-6800 

Pacific Beach 

The Starship opened with "Ride 
the Tiger," Paul Kantner's tribute 
to the Chinese people. The 
remainder of the set was a pot-
pourri of new and old material, 
ranging from the days of the 
Airplane through DragoaOy, Red 
Octopus and SpIUlre, the three 
most recent starship releases. 

The Starship on stage left the 
audience with some vivid im-
pressions. Lead guitarist Craig 
Chacquice stepped out front for 
numerous, blazing solos, one 
second playing the guitar with his 
teeth, the next hoisting It behind 
his head. Rhythm guitarist and 
group leader Paul Kantner 
chopped out his chords like lines on 
a mirror. Drummer John Barbata 
the bassist Pete Sears, (broken leg CPB PRESENTS Lily Tomlin 

Since LILY TOMLIN first burst into American living 
rooms on NBC's "Laugh· in ," she has delighted 
audiences with , among others, S 112 year-old Edith 
Ann. Ernestine the telephone operator, and Sister 
Boogie Woman . a 77 year-old evangelist. 

OCTOBER 17, 8 : 00 pm 
UC SAN DIEGO GYM 

UC SAN DIEGO STUDENTS $4.00. 
GENERAL ADMISSION $5.00 

A Campus Program Board Presentation 
452-4559 for Infonn!ltlon 

Moore's "A Sea Horse" : 
A Different Love Story 

by Sue Schaffner 
StaHWrlter 

Take one good play , add two well 
polished actors, a bright director, 
put it together and you've got the 
first hit of the Old Globe's 40th 
anniversary season, "The Sea 
Horse." 

"The Sea Horse" by Edward J . 
Moore, is a different kind of love 
story. It takes place in a greasy 
waterfront bar owned by Gertrude 
Blum, a fat , haggard looking 
woman. She plays a cat and mouse 
of love with a seaman, Harry 
Bales. 

Carole Marget gives an out-
standing performance as the 
crude, loud-mouth woman who 
hasn't realized her full potential as 
a lover. 

Joe Angarola, guest equity ar-
tist, portrays the mariner, awk-
ward at love but determined to get 
what he wants. Which is Gertrude. 

Director Robert Bonavertura 
has overcome many obstacles in 
the script to stage a fine produc-
tion. Some scenes do tend to drag, 
but overall the play does run 
smoothly, 

John David Peters designed a 
wonderful set that has the crusty, 
old look of so many waterfront 
bars, but with an air of friend-
liness. Ussa Skiles' costumes 
worked quite well for this 
production. 

" The Sea Horse" runs through 
Oct. 24 at the Carter Center Stage. 
Show times begin at 8 pm Tuesday 
through SWlday with a 2 pm 
matinee on Sunday. 

COUNSELING AND PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES --
FALL QUARTER, 1976 

MOTI VATIONAL 
WORKSHOP 
Starts Wed OCt 6th and 
meets Wednesday, 9·10AM. 
Revelle Counselors Office 
For students who feel very 
lethargic and unmotivated 
academ,ca Ily. The a im o f the 
workshop will be to help the 
student becume more en· 
t'lused and r" OIe successful 
In hiS or ht!r academic 
PUrsUIts Hu.:h Pates, Ph D 
and Robert K Ivanaugh . Ph D 
Leaders 

SEX CLINIC 
Me ts Wed ' c C!ys l' 1tl-
2.30 PM , stirlIng Wed 
October 6th f o r students 
seeking 10 Q matlon o r 
counselIng about human 
sexual funcl""ng Hugh 
Pates , Lauro ~hn , Oalynn 
Proff,tt, lead .. s 

VOCATIONAL COUNSELING 
SESSIONS 
Starts Tuesday , October 5th 
3-5 pm Revell Counselor'S 

Off,ce . Meets each Tuesday 
and Thursday 3· 5 PM 
Advanced appointmen ts 
required Call X3755 or X3490 
for appointment For 
students concerned about 
their o ccu pat ional or 
vocational futures . Al so, for 
students concerned or 
confused about theor malar. 
Robert Kavanaugh , Ph 0 
leader 

MEN 'S CONSCIOUSNESS 
RAISING GROUP 
Thur<day, October ~ . 2·4 PM . 
4i2 1 ... 'oi.~hC\'J r,.mpus, En. 
3755 A group will explore 
what It mean. to be male, 
how men re late to other men 
and women Also, Impact of 
worn " 'S liberation on men 
John Andrews Ph D and Mel 
Karmen, leaders 

MALE /FE MALE 
~OCIALIlATlON 
Stam Wednesday. October 
13, J·5 PM A group to ex· 

plore the rela t ions. ex-
pectations, and stereotypes 
we hold about o ur ,ex, and 
the opposIte sex, and how 
these affect behaVIor. Betty 
Garcia·Bahne and Brendan 
CollIns. leaders Meets at 
Cou n se lIng and 
Psychological ServICes, 412 
Matthews Ca mpus . Ca ll 
Becca De Pue at X3755 to 
sign up. 

CREATI VITY WORKSHOP 
Forst meet ing is October 26 
(Tuesdayl 3·5 PM. Ends 
December 7·8. Meets at 

. Matthews Campus, Bldg. 412. 
Workshop for students who 
woo Id like to double and 
ttlple creatIvity and creative 
thinkong Content onelude. 
concepts an d me ntal 
gymnastIcs to d velop and 
enhance c reatiVIty 
Enro llment limited To SIgn· 
up . call X3755 and gIve name, 
phone, prefere nce fo r 

For indlv,dual or couples 
counseiong about personal , 
SOCIal , vocatIOnal , sexual or 
academic dlff,cuilles ca ll 

45~J~5~ _ _ ._ 
Pl ...... (lIP AND SAVE 

Tuesday or Wednesdays and 
ask for office number of 
instru c tor. Dennis Lee , 
leader . Cuest speaker: Ron 
Lane, Ph D. who teaches 
"Creative Imaginat Ion" 
through UC Extension. 

HOW TO BE A HUMAN 
BEING ANO A GRADUATE 
STUDENT AT THE SAME 
TIME 
The life of a graduate student 
frequen tly becomes one-
SIded, all energy is spent on 
academic survival. The focus 
of thIS group will be to 
retrieve those other pam of 
oursefves that often lall out 
of academic life. Themes 
tha t will be explored inelude; 
friendsh ip, love relationships 
lending to your own need; 
and haVing fun all B Ca at 
452·3755 to sign up MeetIng 
lIme Thursday 4.30 (time 
neKot'abl I lul ie Kenny and 
Robert Mashman leaders 

CONSCIOUSNESS RAISING 
GROOP fOil WOMEN 
First meeting Thursday, Oct. 
7th 2-4 PM 302 Matthews 
Ca mpus . Meets weekly . 
Structured group designed to 
inc rease awar eness of 
discrimination in a sexist 
society, to d eepen 
relat ionships with other 
women and to enable par· 
tic ipant, to make conscious 
choices concernina their 
lives and their society. 
Sharong Young Ph .D. and 
lulie Kenney leaders . 

WEIGHT REDUCTION 
GROUP 
Every Tuesday begInnIng 
Oc to be r 5 3· 4 .30 PM . 
HelpIng you find ways of 
modifying your eating habIts 
and deve lop ing support 
systems to help maintain 
weIght reductIon. Ca ll X3~55 
Diane Evans and Pa tty 
Mangini I .. aders 

and all), both demonstrated their 
musical abilities with seemingly 
interminable solo spots. 

But the format of the Starship 
show was meant to showcase the 
vocals of its two main crooners, 
Grace Slick and Marty Balin. Slick 
still possesses a powerful, piercing 
voice, sounding every bit the acid 
queen of the sixties. Balin, with his 
romantic hits "Miracles" and 
"With Your Love," acted to 
counterbalance the more intense 
rock sound of the Starship and lent 
variety to the act. Two hours of 
nothing but Grace Sllck vocals 
could have been a bit much. 
Indeed, with his conservative 
appearance, Balin seemed abnost 
out of place. One could almost 
picture him singing " Miracles" in 
a Las Vegas showroom. 

The opening act on the bill was 
Heart, a super fine "new" band. 
Performing material almost eJt-
clusively from the Dreamboat 
Annie LP, Heart blew the audience 
away with a surprisingly strong 
rock-oriented attack. 

Despite the presence of tlVo 
women as the core of the band, 
Heart was anything but a candy-
ass band. On the contrary, Nancy 
Wilson often paced the per-
formance with her razor-sharp 
acoustic guitar playing. 

Heart possesses many of the 
ingredients necessary for success, 
as demonstrated by the rapid sales 
success of the Dreamboat ADDie 
LP, which contains the singles 
"Magic Man" and " Crazy On 
You." The vocal quality and the 
guitar interplay were excellent. In 
addition, Heart had a freshness 
and youthful exuberance (in sharp 
contrast with the Jefferson Star-
ship) that created excitement. The 
enthusiastic response accorded 
Heart provided an indication that 
they could/should be major con-
cert headliners. 

Prop. 13 ... 
•• Accordina to the Humane Society 
ci. the United States, about 10 
percent of the dOlI bred for radnl 
in this country are ldDed before 
they ever see a track. PnIpoIItIon 
13 gives lip service to protectIft8 
the anlmal8, but actually does 
nothing to prevent cruel breeding 
and training practice. " 

Tho8e who favor Proposition 13 
say "it imposes humane 
safeguards" which make It a crime 
to train a racing greyhound with 
any live aniJpal or to destroy Ii dog 
when its racing career Is over. 

Job Resume 
·Iate" •• 
·c._polltloll 
·Layo .. 

Student Di8count 

23.4s. ... AYI. 
.. OWT .... 
299·5.50 

'College Male 
Virginity is On 
the Rise 

(CPS)-Women college studenta 
are more sexuaDy active than they 
were six yean ago and there is an 
increase in the number ci. male 
virgins, concluded a study 
reported in the October issue of 
Playboy magazine. 

The study revealed that 49 
percent of the college WOOlen 
polled in 1970 said they graduated 
with their virginity -unvlolated. 

Coatiaued OIl Pille U 

Geneticsr-

triton tiJDe8 Pagell 

************ ....... ~ •• *****************************************. 
.. diY-light fOIIbllll_CIIII C\61£;t1~S-r~AIl ' : 

IDI •• Dlnnlr Only 1.75 ~~ ~ ~ : 
. ;~ (0 * 

II •••• HI .11 •• all Iluca 
llllld Iraa. 1111. 

Herb Dralllni I IlrliC Brlld 

~$ '. ~"l i 
~.... ~ i ~....... u nll ••••••• ~: 

* Blr IDICIII ' Seafood Coc~tails : 
Ortega 5tea~ Prime Rib i M •••• Drlnkl 1.71 ,.all Onll) 

Clarll.IO 5t~" & King Crab : 
* 
* YOI Mil 1110 Ordar Frlm Ra.ullr Manu FEATURING Nostalgic Recordings # 

Dr.n .10 

* otthe * 
bomb." ** •• HI,a I Colar TV I .-JI,£-. .-J ... ~() -= # 

Grobstein said that there are * ' . u u U~ [""""II1II IL. A * ~='~~bu::~t~ u!: ~e::~~ * Lookln. For LUIC. Oll-Clmpul 7 : 
should be approached in a co~ I Lunch 11:30 to 2:00 Din,.., 5:00 to 10:00 * 
:ra~:e.r:=~e:;~~:~ # .a'ra 011, '.0 Mlnulal Down Iha Hili lotated in the Andrea Villa Hotel i 

in~:r:~:s~ be::~~~' scientists : 'PI o~r E,arldl' lunc.aon Spacllll 2402 Torrey Pines Road ! 454 - 2313 * 
will make an estimate ci. the **. FOr I ChlR.a 01 PICI From On-Clmlul flra Near Ardath Road at the Five Flags # 
dangers involved in current * 

researCh which will enable them to ***************************************************************),1;. establish a set of guidelines for 
ua;D more stringent than that of 
the possible risks. 

• 'There are Iota ci. questions to 
ask because at this time we doo't 
know everything," Grob8tei{l said, 
"but we will find out." 

He agrees with Sinsheimer's 
proposal to use another cqaniam 
than E. Coli, and added that the 
scientific community could 
possibly postpone this research 
another ten years while attempting 
to find a suitable slrain fA. bacteria 
which does not coexist so in-
timately wfth plalis and animals. 
However, he generally favors the 
current research. 

"1bese organisms would be at a 
disadvantage if they entered the 
environment due to the 
requirement tbat they be 
physically crippled," Grobstein 
added, 

"But we doo't know for sure that 
if an organism leaked-out, it could 
exist in the environment. 

the elemenf of chance in 
recombinant DNA research is 
perhaps the sole basis for fear and 
opposition in this COWltry. The 
problems and questions have been 
debated at Harvard University will 
inevitably arise at UCSD. 

AbortIOII Altel'llltfYIl 
s.i ... /Pr.·life ....... 

583-LlFE 
Free eo.Hliq,l1udy ~ 

aadapeUen 

There!§a 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

MCIT 0" .. 3!5 VNn ~ I of •• pori_ 
OIT ...... -II SmelICI_ 

LSlT VoIumi-... hom. IRE .1IIIy 1Nt_'" 
Cou,..tt.t .. ARS. ___ Iv upd .. 1d 

DCAT 
CPAT FlEX Mtok .... ps fOt" ECFMG m,-, '-ons 

MAT'L MED IDS 
SIT-VIT 

"Quality 
to challenge 

Pabst. Since 1844. 
The quality has always 

come through. 
PABST BREWING COMPANY 

Milwaukee Wis. Peona Heights, III , Newark. N J . Los Angeles. Caltf .. Psbst, Georg ia. 

\ 



.... u triton tilDe8 

NEWS BRIEFS 
. 

FATE OF (Ok-CRUISER 

The Coast Cruiser, the student-
run commuter bus service 
operating beh,een UCSD and 
northern coastal communities, 
enters its seventh season fi service 
with the intention of becoming 
obsolete as soon as possible. 

The Cruiser will operate. only 
Wltil the scheduled linkup of the 
San Diego Transit Corp. and the 
North County Transit District 
occurs, expected sometime bet-
ween now and January 1977. Until 
then, the line will rWl along the 
Coast Highway from the campus to 
Leucadia and -back seven times 
aauy. All fares are 25 cents and the 
first ride to new customers is free. 

The Cruiser will stop at any point 
along the route in addition to 
scheduled stops, when it is safe to 
do so. Bicycles, pets,. surfboards 
and personal baggage may be 
carried aboard the bus without 
extra charge at the discretion of 
the driver. 

Copies of the daily operational 
schedule may be obtained from the 
Student Center, the Bookstore, the 
Off-campus Housing Office and the 
various libraries. 

MEET NEW REVELLE 
PROVOST 

Come and meet June L. Tapp, 
new Revelle college provost and 
professor of Psychology, at the 
first fall meeting of the UCSD 
Women's Caucus. The Women's 
Caucus, a women's staff and 
faculty organization, will meet 
Wednesday, October 6, 4:30 to 5:30 
pm in the International Center. 
Bring a friend. 

SWINE FLU VACCINATIONS 

According to information 
received from the San Diego 
Department of Public Health, a 
medical team will be available to 
administer swine flu vaccine to 
anyone desiring it from 1 to 4 
pm in the main gym on Nov. 3, 
1976. 

The iniections will be orovided 
without charge, but voluntary 
donations will be accepted by the 
Department of Public Health. 

Unit Two, which was rejected by 
Gov. Brown and the state 
legislature last year, is "essential 
to the life of the college." He added 
that without the new buildings, 
Third is divided and thus cannot 
function at its full potential. 

The quality of undergraduate 
education is another area of 
!concern for External Affairs this 
lYear. Part of the problem is UC-

Those desiring imntunization 
will be requested to sign an in-
fonned consent form. This will be 
the only available ; on-campus 
administration ofthe vaccine. 

STATE SCHOLARSHIPS 
AVAILABLE TO UCSD 

STUDENTS 

Undergraduate college 
students who will require financial 
assistance to continue college in 
1977-78 are invited to file for a 
California State Scholarship (Cal 
Grant A). Approximately 14,900 
New State Scholarships will be 
awarded in April 1977 for use in 
1977-78. Although a majority of the 
new scholarships will be given to 
high school seniors, it is an-
ticipated that some 3,700 awards 
will be available for currently-
enrolled college students who are 
not already in the State 
Scholarship Program. 

The new awards will range from 
$300 to $600 at University of 
California campuses. 

Applications are available in the 
Financial Aids Offices of the four 
UCSD colleges. All applicants 
must complete the Scholastic 
Aptitude Test (SAT) no later than 
December 4, 1976 in order to be 
considered. Scores from 
previously completed SAT 
examinations will be accepted. 
Applications and Financial Aid 
forms must be mailed before 
December 4, 1976. 

COMPETITION FOR OVERSEAS 
GRANTS TO CLOSE SOON 

The 1977-78 competition for 
grants for graduate study abroad 
offered under the auspices of the 
Mutual Educational Exchange 
Program (Fulbright-Hays) and by 
foreign governments, universities 
and private donors will close 
shortly. Only a few more weeks 
remain during which qualified 
graduate students may apply for 
one of the 550 awards which are 
available in 54 cOWltries. 

Most of the grants offered 
provide round-trip transportation, 
tuition and maintenance for one 
academic year; a few provide for 
international travel only, or consist 

SO's student-to-TA ratio, which 
Schpeider stated is the worst in the 
UCsystem. 

The primary remedy for the 
problem of educational quality lies 
in the lobbying efforts of the UC 
Student Lobby ' in Sacramento, 
Sclmeider said. He feels the 
responsibility for the people 
belongs to the state and the Board 
of Regents. 

of a stipend intended as a partial 
grant-in-aid. 

Candidates must be: US ciUzens 
at the time of application, 
recipients of a bachelor's degree or 
its equivalent by the beginning 
date of the grant, have language 
ability conunensurate with the 
demands of the proposed study 
projects, and be in good health. 

Application forms and further 
information for students currently 
enrolled at UCSD may be obtained 
from the campus Fulbright 
Program Adviser, Jean Fort, who 
is located in OGSR, 108 Matthews 
Campus. The deadline for filing 
applicatioQS is October 8, 1976. 

COOP MEETING 
The second meeting of the 

Student Cooperative Union will 
take place at 6:30 tonight in the 
North Conference Room of the 
Student Center. 

The gathering is termed as 
"especially important," in thAt 
nations for Support Group Coor-
dinators will be taken. Support 
Groups are involved with 
organizing and coordinating 
committees pertinent to the cen-
tral functions of the student body. 

Coordinators of the Support 
Groups, including such important 
departments as Appointments and 
Evaluations and Student Activity 
Fees, will become members of the 
Coop Steering Committee, along 
with the liason officers sent to 
represent the various student 
organizations. 

Additionally, nominations for 
officers to fill the two open 
positions in the Chairpersons Pool 
will be closed this evening. The 
Chairpersons Pool is involved with 
such nnatters as Cijop procedure 
and planning of the agenda. 

Virginity._ 
That figure decreased 26 percent 
this year. 

The statistical frequency of male 
virgins increased from 18 percent 
in 1970 to 26 percent in 1976. 

"This magical equality of per-
centages means that students have 
arrived at that promised land-
sexual utopia where the women are 
just as active sexually as men," 
Playboy said. 

The expanded role of students ill 
providing input and participatin@ 
in campus life is a goal Sclmeider 
hopes to achieve during his term as 
the Coop's External Affairs 
Coordinator. Whether or not he car 
achieve it will be something tc: 
watch for as the year progresses. 

1.S a very 
F'ne Books Bought and Sold STRANGE PLACE 

129 N. Hwy 101 Solana Beach 755-7323 Fine Paperbacks arul 
Hardbacks ~ off 

Over 500 volumes of periodicals before 
1900 (e .g. 1840's "Scientific 
American . ") 

First Edition : Uncle Tom'. Cabin; 
Steinbeck; Hemingway; E.A. Poe ; 
Thos. Hardy; J . Frank Dobie; 
Thos. Wolfe ; E. Dickinson, and 
many more . 

Newspapers (as little as $10 a volume) from 
1850's to present. 

Also temperance & Indians & 1880's, 
fash ion mags & Civil War material 
& Much More . 

Wi Also Buy Books 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
CoIM join ........ JdreonII..,. : 
Quality PaPerback : 
Book Sale. 
50%off co.ver price 
OUlitanding ~ .... 1MIck I ........ 
~'.IMdIng ............... 

Thl. I. a sa .. Booklov .... can't anord to ml ... 

University Bookstore 
uCSan Diego 

452-3770 

...•.............•.•...•.•.•......• , ......................• 

.................... ~ ......... . 
• Rick' Dairy Freeze • t , S Burger Kitchen : 

~ . ~ 5504 La Jolla Blvd. : 
: Siudani Ilahl : t Every Wednesday after 3 PM t 
: 20'% On Wllh Ilud8.1 ID . t 
.. • * • .. 
• • t Thursda, light IDlClaia : 
..- Every Thursday after -3 PM • i Oct. 7th ............... Tacos 4/99° : 
.. Oct. 14th ............... Burritos 4/9~0 • 
.. . .. 

~ Oct. 21st ........ Banana Splits 2/99° • 
.. . .. 

.. Oct. 28th ....... BBQ Beef Sandwich • 
t Phone in . _ 2/'1.19 t 
.. Orders Accepted . 45~ 1877 : f •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

IOOKlntl, ea,,, 
Root. to take home. The Penny, The 
Casual , the Moccasin and The Park Root. 
All made with top grain Canadian leathers 
and lightweight rubber soles . Wherever 
you're going you should take one of our 
Roots. 

1218 Prospect Street La Jolla 
459·3611 


