
UCSD: Little 
Effect from 
Race Decision 

by Alec Nedelman 
Statewide Editor 

William Byrd, director of the 
Educational Opportunity Program 
at UCSD, said yesterday that the 
recent California State Supreme 
Court decision overturning special 
admissions practices based on 
race is "not really going to bother 
us." 

Task Force 
Gives Three 
-Alternatives 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

As a result of a UCSD Task Force 
on Student Governance report, 
issued earlier this week, UCSD 
students will have the opportunity 
to select a preferred system of 
goverrunent either late fall quarter 
or early winter quarter in a 
referendum supervised by the 
UCSD Elections Committee. His attitude reflects the general 

campus attitude towards the 
decision, which was handed down 
by the State Supreme Court on 
Sept. 16 in the case of Allan Bakke 
v. The Regents of the University of 
California. 

Bakke, a white student, was 
denied admission to the UC Davis 
School of Medicine in both 1973 and 
1974. However, UC Davis did 
admit during that "time period 
minority applicants whose per-
fonnances were below traditional 
minimwn standards for that med 
school. In a 6-1 decision, the court 
ruled the Davis special admissions 
program favored minority aIr 
plicants and thus was in violation 
of the equal protection clause of the 
14th Amendment. 

Holly Holmes and Kirt Kinsell ouerlook the Coffee Hut's new additions . [IT Photo: Bi1l Brooks] 

The task force report, a result 
of a two-month investigative and 
deliberative conference, endorsed 
three models of government. The 
first, an electoral model, is a 
legislative body consisting of 
student members of the existing 
college councils, the general 
student body, and a voluntary 
caucus. The second, a par-
ticipatory-democratic model non-
electoral in nature, utilizes a 
general assembly formed on a 
volunteer basis similiar to the 
present Coop. The third system, a 
pa r lia mentary-pa rticipa tory 
model, would be comprised of 
elected members of student 
organizations, coalitions and 
alliances, together fonning a 
general council, and a student 
forum to accommodate those 
wishing to act independently. 

With Student Labor 

Coffee Hut Gets Summer Facelift 

UC to Appeal 
According to UC General 

Counsel Donald L. Raidhaar, the 
University of California has 
decided to appeat the decision to 
the US Supreme Court. The 
University will also 
simultaneously ask both courts for 
a stay of the decision, pending the 
outcome of the appeal. The 
decision is scheduled to become 
final Oct. 16. 

The decision to appeal was 
termed "quite correct" by Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs George Murphy. 

Continued on Page3 

by Marcl Helmstetter 
StaHWriter 

The Coffee Hut, as its patrons 
might have noticed, received a 
face lift this summer, with the 
help of student labor and self-
generated profits. A terraced 
eating area has been added, 
new citair sets installed, and 
restrooms re-decorated. 

As a result, more people can 
be accomodated in a nicer 
setting, according to Holly 
Holmes, Hut manager. 

Attributing- the project to a 
"team effort," Holmes said 
students from his staff worked 
all summer to complete the 
improvements. Three students 
worked throughout the summer 
on the construction and were 
joined by three more in SeIr 
tember. 

A desert trip was made by the 
students to collect cactus for the 

landscaping. Recent weekends 
were also spent correcting 
erosion problems. Students 
were paid $3.24 an hour for their 
labor. 

Natural Setting Retained 
Located in woodsy 

surroundings behind the 
Revelle Provost's office, the 
Coffee Hut is well supported by 
students, faculty and ad-
ministrators. Meal cards are 
valid at the Hut, which remains 
open during dinner hours. The 
Hut presently accomodates 277 
people, an increase of 133 over 
last year. 

With trees surrounding the 
tables, the newly terraced 
eating and picnic areas retain 
the Hut's natural setting. 
Landscaping and walks have 
been added to the hillside to 
enhance the effect. 

Remodeling included the 
purchase of new chairs for the 

older patio tables. Restrooms 
were also painted and paneled 
with gold-veined mirrors. 

Originated by the Student 
Union, the Coffee Hut has 
remained in operation 10 years. 
Cost escalations eliminated 
initial plans to provide a variety 
of ethnic foods and nightly 
entertainment. The snack bar 
has expanded from a small 
quonset hut to utilize three 
buildings and the outside dining 
areas. 

The Hut uses its income to 
cover operational costs and 

"improvements. Holmes an-
ticipatEls overall business to be 
approximately $250,000 this 
year. 

Future plans for the Coffee 
Hut include free movies to be 
shown weekly on the patio and 
reflecting butane heaters to 
provide necessary warmth and 
light. 

The criteria set forth by the task 
force to measure the viability of 
the models included; participation, 
representativeness, effectiveness, 
legitimacy, efficiency, openness, 
accountability, due process, and a 
student-controlled judicial 
procedure. Provisions have been 
made for maximum flexibility of 
tentative model functions and 
operations to be determined in 
accordance with student 
response during committee 

Continued on Page 6 

UCSD Student Files are ·More Open Than You Think 
[This is the first In a two-part series' dealing with 
student files at UCSD. Monday's'edltlon will feature 
student files kept outside the Registrar's office .] 

by Alan Russell 
News Editor 

Recent media exposure given to the extensive 
Federal Bureau of Investigation files kept on large 
numbers of people in this country has made in- -
dividuals curious as to whether any infonnation has 
been compiled on their activities. 

At UCSD students have little to fear from their 
files, excepting had grades. Even a Ripley un-
believer might be convinced after talking with 
UCSD Registrar and Admissions Officer Ronald J . 
Bowker. 

"The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act 
passed by Congress in November, 1974, and revised 
by the Office of Education In 1976, allows students 
access to their records," Bowker said in an in-
terview. "However, when students do come around 
and look in their file, they inevitably ask 'is that all 
there is?' " 

Bowker explained that two files are kept on 
students in the Registrar's Office, and that the 
material within them holds only the "essentials." 
"We both don't want or have room for extraneous 
material." he said. "The folder file contains the-
stUdent's application, legal residence, transcripts 
from high school, copies of any petitions the student 
has submitted, and any grade changes. The other 
file consists of academic records-test cores, 
grades, things of that sort." 

Still, some students might feel uneasy that others 
have access to even luch limited files. However, 

s 
~""''I-.:r . .. ...... 

o 

• 

according to Bowker, there is a "select" list of those 
who can peruse your file , including the department 
chairman of your major, academic advisor, 
provost's staff, and counsellors. All others who 
might be admitted to see the files , including school 
officials, have to fill out a fonn, which in addition to 
agreeing confidentiality, lists their " legitimate 
educational interest" in desiring to see the tran-
scripts. The law states that a record must be kept of 
both those who are granted and refused access to 
the student's file, and that a transcript must remain 
in the file detailing who looked at it and for what 
reason. 

Additionally, general infonnation, mostly " credit 
checks," is given out about students to such 
businesses and agencies as banks, the Social 
Security Administration (for dependants), the 
Veteran Administration, and assorted foundations 
and corporations. Parent are also ocea ionally 
reassured that their offspring " really do go to 
school." . 

" It disturbed me that fre federal goverrunent got 
involved with this," saitl owker, " but you can be 
sure we comply with th l"ules, a violation m an 
10 ing a ll federalfunds." 

in the 1974 bill wa~ pa sed onl about 50 
tudents have looked up th ir file. J and hali of thos 

went in within tlu t tn I , 
evid ntly purred on by the publiclt .. tudents are 
surpri ed that ther I nothln in thelr ft hAt the 
hay never n for ," aid Bowk r . " Th a 1~ 
'Wh r ' th viI tuff?' and I ha to t II them I 
don't maintain fil for the file 'snk . Oero atory 
stat m nt from 1 m ntar chool tach r m t 
have b en purg d, and rightly 0, long a 0.' 



r freely 
of your own will. 

Mark Stadler 

eam .. ip'll 
One constant at any political gathering is the use of name tags. They 

are used 90 that the politician can read them and give the wearer the 
personal touch of saying, "Hi Fred, how're ya 1" 

The first thing I got at the $l00-per person reception for Assemblyman 
Bob Wilson last Friday night was a name tag. Then we all went into the 
Guyman Mansion in Mission Hills to have a good time in support of 
Wilson's bid for the 39 District state Senate seat against Incumbent Jack 

&~de. . 
Wilson was all over the huge house, reading name tags, greeting 

people, shaking hanlk, receiving support pledges. He wa.s a busy man 
that eveninll-and with Ilood reason. He's in a tough campaign a~mst an 
entrenched incwnbent. Schrade may be 74, he may be a Rt;Public~ in a 
Democratic district, he may be rated one of the worst legISlators ll'l: the 
state: but he won't be easy to IUlSe8t. , 

Schrade has a campaign chest of at least $170,000, com~d to W~n s 
$90 000 according to Evening Tribune reports. Schrade will also be aIded 
by 'the 'projected low voter turnout. It generally takes a high ~mout to 
beat al'\ incumbent, unless that person happens to be Andrew Hinshaw or 
Allan Howe or Wayne Hays. 

That's why Wilson--who has several advantages inclu~g an aptitu~ 
for campaigning and a popular name-was giving a spec181 push to his 
GOTV (Get Out The Vote) drive which he has planned for the last three-
and-a-half hours before the polls close Nov. 2. It is durin~ this peri~ 
Wilson reasons, that many Democratic working persons, will have theIr 
only opportunity to vote. It's the crucial time for his election. 

While it was Wilson's party, he wasn't the biggest attraction. No, that 
honor went to Gov. Brown, who appeared on the 3S-year old Assem-
blyman's behalf . Brown may have bee~ attendi,ns as pen.ite~e for an 
earlier engagement for Wilson that he mlSS~d while ~am'p81gRlng for the 
presidency in Maryland. That time he sent his father 10 his stead .. 

Friday, though, Brown was there. and wa:' the .center of attention. He 
was mobbed by admirers from the tune of hlS arrival. . He spoke for about 
ten minutes in support of Wilson, saying Robbill:(as WI~on wa~ named by 
his opponent for the 77 District Assembly seat 10 1974, 10 a futile attempt 
to separate him in the voters' minds from popular Congressman Bob 
Wilson) had helped him in the legislature this year. 

Brown pointed to several accomplishments of the past legislative year, 
notably the bill that bolstered the Coastal Initiative (Prop. 20 in 1972). 
But the governor must have thought he was speaking to a conserv~t!ve 
gathering, as he spoke with pride of such measur~ as t~e one . f!xmg 
mandatory sentences for criminals and the one allow1Og prtvate cItizens 
to keep mace on their persons " to defend themselves." . 

Brown did have competition for attention from the food table, whIch 
resembled a pig trough as elegantly dressed people shoved against one 
another in a frantic fight for hors-d'oeuvres. The congestion around the 
table was relieved only while Brown spoke. 

The entire mansion was quite crowded throughout the evening. It was 
like a sea, with people the water currents, flowing first this way, then t~t 
as another political heavy entered the house. And the reception 
resembled nothing 90 much as a display of San Diego Democratic might, 
with state Senator Jim Mills and Assemblyman Larry Kapiloff and Wadie 
Deddah among those present. 

Of course some people were left to themselves. But while the guitarist 
who sat in ~ side room playing Neil Young songs may have enjoyed the 
solitude, it is doubtful that the political candidates. who came, hungry to 
pick up supporters and votes, were too pleased WIth the develo~ment. 
Congressional candidate King Golden, in particular, planted hlmself-
looking handsome, confident and capable, just inside the doorway, 
speaking to anyone who would talk on their way out. . 

Bob Wilson, on the other hand, was never alone, and presented himself 
as an energetic and capable candidate. He filled his speech with 
denunciations of Schrade. (Schrade, Wilson said, had once declared that 
anyone who loses his job should be disenfranchised. This suitably aJr 
palled the liberal aUdience.) He spoke of his youth and energy. He 
probably didn't gain any votes. But he probably got some volunteers. 

And be read my name tag on the way out. 

(I-iton limes 
u _ .... 

D'"ild Elsen Mark Stadler 
e,..,,,,U .. o<II.or M.""glng editor 

Jan es G. So.o Becky DeVinney 
_WI ling menlv-r Producllon monegor 

Ala, Russell Wendell P. Hamilton 
N ... sed"or Copy editor 

Alec Neclelman Vera M.I. Toclora; 
S4ot.~Id. tdtlor Communl.yedhor 

Joel C Don Ran Anbar 
Ancllt. NIWI editor Opinion editor 

Soott Sad" Tim MacKlnzle Spo"" edI'or Artledltor 
B,II Brooks 

Photo editor 

tritoa times 
Letters to the Editor 

Quarter to 
Semester: 
Another View 

I read with IntereatJeff FentoD's 
article on tbe pouible UC 
academic calendar cbBnge from 
the quarter to the semester 
system. As it seems in tbla case 
that in ascending order of im-
portance, there are fiscal, ad-
ministrative, and academic 
matters to be considered, I'd like to 
present the view of one rl the staff. 

There can be no question but that 
it is cheaper to register students 
two times a year on the semel8ter 
system, rather than three times as 
on .the quarter system. You have 
only to think of the cost of the enra 
computer time and of the print-
outs to see that the TT cartoon 
might as well have represented the 
paper flow resulting from our third 
quarter's registration as from a 
change back to semesters. 

Insofar as administrative 
matters are concerned, it is easy to 
convert student recOrd cards. All 
one need do would be to wri~ a 
computer program, and wilen fall 
semester records were run, 
students would find all quarter 
units mathematically converted to 
semester units ; otherwise their 
record cards would look the same. 

Changes in graduation 
requirements are never made 
retroactive to continuing students, 
and U .C. departments and colleges 
managed to work through the 1~ 
66 conversion to quarters without 
causing major difficulties for In-
dividual students. 

Indeed to the staff, problems 
with 'courses and requirements 
seemed minor compared with the 
feeling that life under the quarter 
system consisted of one continuous 
registration. In June and July we 
register the new freshmen, in 
August and September the new 
transfers and readmits, in 
November the continuing students, 
in December and January the new 
students, in February the con-

Continued on Page 3 

Short Story 

• 
lJ'SD ,"OIWUTi5tlltg 

SU"*~ T.-1.. eox 

13TUDE'NT 
VETO 

5 VG6e s nOfifS 
\a 

Re-Structure the Coop 
Dare to be different. Get involved. We here at ua;D have .a 

unique opportunity to establish a better fonn of student government w~t~ 
the 'present system in a state of flux, we should ~rch for new and in-
novative government, which is in fact, Instead of 10 name, responsive to 
the needs of the students of VCSO, 

· .. here is no reason I can see to stick to the old-fashioned ways, just 
because we have been brainwashed to believe they are good. 

Of the opinion that the government which governs least governs best: 
well I agree but there is a possible alternative: With modem technology 
(see' cafe~s) there is no reason why we can't have a ballot every week, 
and have the constituency of the campus decide important questions. 
Esptcially the allocation of their funds. 

I see no special reason why our money should be spent by represen-
tatives. It is our money and we should demand the right to spend it-~ 
personally allocate the spending instead of having someone we elect SIt 
on a committee somewhere out of sight and do it for us. It is time for the 
people to take the responsibilities of govermnent upon themselves. 

Do you believe in representation? We can have anyone who can get 50 
signatures on a petition have a vote in the legislature. That way everyone 
will be represented by his real choice. Let's not stick to the old way.s 
merely because that's the way it has always been done, but rather, only if 
it is the best way. 

You don't agree with me? Well, that's good because you hav~ an 
opinion of your own. Attend meetings. Let people know what you think. 
Somebody must have a better idea. Don't let an ambitious few control the 
resources of this campus. It is your money. 

Lastly, how can the Coop in good conscience spend stu~ents' m0!1ey, 
when the students never gave them this power? It goes agamst the things 
I hold to be ethical. How can they justify this spending? Why haven't 
they put the Coop up to popular student vot~? if these questions and their 
answers interest you, go to some Coop meetings. PETER STONE 

Give This a Chance: The Climb Back 
by Ran Anbar 

and Bill MacKenzie 

The decision of knowing, 
cognizant of right and wrong, 
has plagued mankind and its 
philosophies throughout the 
centuries of his never-ending 
battle to rationalize ~ purpose. 

Is the purpose of mankind to 
achieve heaven or to build upon 
his intellect? Since tne gain of 
knowledge meant the loss of 
heaven, is the inverse the 
solution that God demands of 
us? If so, who can make the 
decision between heaven and 
knowledge for us? 

The following is a case in 
point of such rhetorical 
questions. 

••••• 

"This is where it's at," said 
the dove. 

The Man looked around him. 
The place appeared to be 
peaceful enough. There was a 
great variety of trees ; toot 
many to count. Enticing to look 
at and, 

"Good to eat," said the dove. 
A river flowed in the distance, 

only to divide into four streams 
as it bubbled nearer. 

Man looked at the bird. 
" The tree is in the middle of 

the garden," said the dove. 
" You must eat of it in order to 
Hve." 

Man looked around him and 
spotted the tree. He placed his 
hand over his eyes to shield 
them from the bright sun and 
gazed apprehensively at the 
spectacular sight. There was no 
wind. 

"Well, are you going to eat of 
it? " inquired the dove. 

Man turned toward his ser-
vant. 

"You wonder what will 
happen," said the good one, "if 
you were to eat of the Tree of 
Ignorance. You would live once 
more! No longer will you know 
of good and evil and once more 

man will be allowed to enter the 
garden of his Lord." 

Man turned away and gazed 
at a tree neighboring the Tree of 
Ignoraoce. The flame of the 
flashing sword was too bright to 
gaze at. 

The good one uttered a sound 
of impatience. 

"But can I take this upon 
myself?" cried Man. "Can I eat 
of the Tree of Ignoraace a nd 

return Man to Paradise? Who 
am I to make such a decision? 

" Man incurred The Fall so 
long ago and here I am, today, 
in the position of reversing it. 
But dare I? Does man truly 
want to return to Paradise?" 

He turned to the good one who 
gazed back sadly. Slowly it 
moved its wings and retreated. 

"Come back!" cried Man. 
It left hla sight. Man returned 

hla eyes to the Tree and found 
himself undemeath°,i.. 

All that was left for-Him to 
do was to reach up for the fruit 
andUve. 

Man ate of the fruit. God saw 
that it was good. 

But Ma n was apart from 
mankind and could not share hla 
wealth. For Man Uved. 

Discrimination ... 
DiscusainC a New York high court 
decision which arrived at a con-
trary concllllion about the special 
admission practices, Murphy said 
he feels the Supreme Court must 
decide a uniform policy for ad-
mission offices to go by. 

He also agreed with others that 
" the decision ls a -very narrow' one 
which does not say that ethnicity 
cannot be considered. It says 
ethnicity cannot be the controlling 
factor. I have liWe argwnent with 
this," he concluded, " since 
ethnicilf la only one of many 
factors used in special admissions 
toUa;D." 

" We clOBe to admission on a 
different basla" disclosed Tom 
Robinson, Executive Secretary for 
the Enrollment Projections 
Review Committee. Here we have 
a cutoff date, he said, after which 
we do not look at any more al)-
plicants. So admlasions are not 
closed on the basis of evaluating 

people, "but just on a date. II 
Robinson felt there might be some 
effect upon UCSD's School of 
Medicine, "but not for any other 
catagory of students. " 

A med school spokesperson, July 
Blick, stated that the case would 
have no effect on tb.e school. 
"Ua;D doesn't do anything similar 
.to UC Davis" in its admission 
policies, she said. 

The threat of someone bringing a 
lawsuit against the med school 
doesn't scare its administrators 
either. "We're always aware of 
the fact that there is a possibility of 
a lawsuit being filed," Blick said. 

However, the state court has said 
it will not hear any la wsuits on this 
matter filed after Sept. 16, the date 
rl the Bakke decision. 

The effect of the decision on 
UCSD's affirmative action 
program is a liWe less clear. 
Maria Del Drago, Asslatant to the 
Vice-chancellor of Student Affairs 

Quarter system ... 
tinuing students, in March and 
April the new students, in May the 
continuing students, in June - oh 
well! 

We are already into the 19'n-78 
admission cycle, and unless the 
University moves with a speed 
wtbeard of in its history, it is 
unlikely that any change to 
semesters could be effected before 
the Im."o academic year. Might it 
not be a valuable use of 
professional time for faculty (and 
studems) to . rethink curriculum 

and requirements in tenns of the 
80 s1 

And finally what are the 
academic considerations? Why do 
the graduate students and faculty 
at our distinguished sister campus 
(Berkeley) favor a return to 
semesters? Why are some very 
good Ua;D teachers - the type 
stUdents honor with best teacher 
awards - joyous over the prospect 
of returning to semesters? 

Weij, some faculty say that the 
Continued on Page 5 

The TrRon Times Is published by UCSD students as an official student newspaper. 
Publication Is on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays during the regUlar ochool year 
(except on official holidays) . Editorial and business offices are located In the Student 
Center at the University of California, San Diego. For editoriat . call 452-3466; for business 
and display advertis ing. call 452·3466. 

Letters to the editor and oplnIGn columns are welcomed. All submissions must be typed 
and double-spaced on a 74-space line. They should not exceed 1·112 pages In length. 

Submitted ma.erlal must bear .he name and student Iden tification number of the author. 
Names can be wllhheld from publication on request ; however .he names will be held on "" 
for public Inspection. 

The Trllon Times reserves .he right '0 edit submissions because of space limitations or 
style fequlremen.s. 

Entire contents copyrigh t 1976. the Triton Times. 

spirits of saint germain' 

OPENING 
SPECIAL 

French giuaea ° 
cont~y design 

...... 

". new experience In .happlng" 
featuring : 
• Uquor 
• WIne 
• Groceries 

SPECIAL SURPRISEI 
Importlld beIkItIa. cards. jewelry. 
poet.,. • much. much mer. 

_10101 __ : 

-SoI,·,-u F'--., 
-
RIdgo 
9IoQo~ 
CIIoMv 

455-1414 
Hours: " • . m. to 10p.m. &.w1.·Tlv. 

" • . m. to 11 p.m. Frt.·Sat . 
IIIr1kAIMrtcwd Ind ~ etwv-

And Opening Soon 
germain's country deli 

A c:ompIete a",ctloI. of unueueI 
IBncIwIchM pIue your old favorttee . 

~beer8. 
~ wII* by the c:.me. 

we deIIWr .66·1612 C8tertng 

triton time8 

for Student Affirmative Action, 
feels that since "We doli t have 
quotas (the decision will) have no 
direct impact on us." 

However, student affirmative 
action committee member Bert 
Lee believes the reverse 
discrimination movement that has 
grown up . around the decision 
"constitutes a very unfortunate 
development for affirmative action 
at Ua;D. The danger now is that 
the affirmative action programs 
willi deteriorate .... an erosion of 
existing programs would be 
disasterous. 
"The key to preventing this 
danger is that the student af-
firmative action constituencies 
must remain as vociferous and 
militant as ever while 
simultaneously presenting logical 
alternatives to the administrative 
agencies in a musch more 
aggressive manner than ever 
before," Lee concluded. 

VILLAGE 

YOUR BEAUTY NEEDS 
AT A LOW LOW DISCOUNT 
INCLUDING SHAMPOOS , 
BRUSHES, CONDITIONERS, 
CURLING IRONS, ETC. 
FEATURING MANY ORGANICS 
MADE WITH SEA KElP, HONEY, 
BUTIERMIlK, WHEAT GERM. 
SPECIAl. INTRO. OFFER: 

for a limited time only · show 
schooll.D. and get 10,.. off 

737 PEARL 
STREET 

Corner of Pearl & fads in the 
Plaza wifh Dick 's Liquor 
Free parking [enter on Eads ) 

459-0722 

There's room for you 
to grow in North La 
Jolla . a rare OPiJOr-
!unIty for offlc~ and 
retail space In this 
exceptional prOJect 

. for details on your 
r.ew address. con-
tact the specialist 
with . 

On'I'y 25 cents 
PersonQls 50 cents 
Non-students onl,Y ~ l 

SHARE THE RIDE 

Page 3 

-WITH US THIS 
WEEKEND 

AND GET ON 
TO A GOOD THING. 
Us means Greyhound, and a lot of your fellow students 
who are already on to a good thing . You leave when you 
like . Travel comfortably. Arrive refreshed and on time. 
You 'll save money, too, over the increased air . 
fares. Share the ride with us on weekends. Holidays. 
A nytime. Go Greyhound. 

GREYHOUND SERVICE 
ONE- ROUND- YOU CAN YOU 

TO WAY TRIP LEAVE ARRIVE 
LosAngeles 7 .10 : 13.49 , 15 Departures Daily 
Santa Barbara l1 .69 : 2221 6:30 pm 12:55 am 
San Bernadino 7.95 · 15.11 12:10 pm 2:55 pm 
Phoenix 23.35 ' 44AO ll:30am 8:10 pm 
Lon,Beach 622 l1.82 1:30 pm 5:50 pm 
Ask your agent about additional departures and return trips. 

Lambert Taylor 
i20 W. Broadway 239-9171 

GO GREYHOUND 
... and leave me driving 10 us· 

AX ~ II)'Iiou 10 ..... Y'-' 
opecializi.,. in 
Jlf"Cdion cull. color end permo 
ond~ 
ConnieCoe 
Skin care ...u..,p anioc. 

n focialo, ""'l1li & DopiIo- (poinIeoI _ hoir -n 
AIoo 2 Juliette Manicuriob 
Full s.vlc. Redken S.lon 
10% Dlscoun'ln October 
With Student or FlCu"y t.D. 

Gel Acquainted Sale 
FERNS 

Bo.tOll . Whitmanii . ROOIeveltii 
1ust '375 in 6" poll 

Good dw Oc1ober 12d! 
You wiU be ddicl*<l WI'" tho oiu and quality " dee beoutiIuI !<mOl 
Come in and C""","", fine quaJjty on<! ..... Iar low pr;c.. . w. buy dir.ct 

from the crowen end polO COl iIw: IOvUlp. 

ujollo Walden Garden 
Villa None _ Ho... Plana 
455·9631 __ ond A.cx:eooc.ie& 

Announces the opening of a new real estate oIfice 
to serve the La Jolla area. 

.55·9200 

Evelyn Gregory, Realtor·Broker 

~'TORREY MESA TRAVEL. INC . Villa Norte a ..... "" EJtperte ~ ~_~';;~;';'~iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii~ ____ ...... 3211 HalidIy Court. u joIa 4Ss.a610 
- ~~ Vma Norte Specialty Q.aIity~widlquMtylSViee. 

lit - ...... ,.,..,., S C We opsUe our OWII pIut. 
III1 ...... CI .. I.o.-. CA. talJ 412·'.1 hopping enter ......... Drya-.. .. 

and OHlce. 
HolIday Court, La JoIa, CNIfomIa 

''the ~ r.dwooc:I buIIdInga wIttIthe blue roo,. .. 



..... triton 'time8 

f.l.l~.I'I'I'I'I'I'I'I'I'I'I'1i Auditions Last Week I ~.... I Cast Picked for "Cherry Orchard" ~ Sl!JCCOTH ~ by MarlaretRewey ~ ~ (some very talented), as weD as ~ ~ It was an open audition- thefewwhocamejusttoaeeHthey ~ ~ everyone was welcome to read for could do it. ~ • ~ a part. 1be readiap were select.ed • and ~~ Celebration ~ ~..:, :~e~~A~: ~=!. ~ I*lOO ~ from Anton Cbekov's 'I1Ie Clierry took his tum, writiDI down names ~ ~ and ro1eII and acrtbbling stan nat ~ c:-.;_ ~"";1'Ift ~'ling ~ 0.;::';;0 nights about 40 people to the ones who would return for a ~ WII • .,..rer--'-~ ~ showed up to try out for the 14 finalaudlUon. ~ . th R G ~ possible parts. Worries sucb as to He told me he bad mental notes ~ North ~ Urey Hall South of e ec. yrn ~ use or not to use a Russian accent, mostly but often scrawled 
~ ~ pronouncing names such as "posslble" or "not poI8ible" by ~ Friday OctoberS A ..... 5·.00II1II ClI295-3783 . J~ Semyonov Plshtechik correctly, each name. He looked for qualiUes ~~ ,,II.. . beating out a grad stude~, and such as "presence of stage," 
"--,11,11111111111:. being "ludicrous:' enough were "credibility," and "imagination" 
-., .. ced Gettin ut on a bare in auditioning actors. 

· experien . go." for the character to be played cement semi-circle under a hot n.lI 
pool' of light and reading in- on the stage he said, "I have no 
telligibly was the real ~. ~nd finalized conception of what the 
then coming back and dOing 1t a character is going to be ... 1 come 
few more times (hopefully with to tryouts with the full intention of 
improvement) as roles were finding out a hell of a lot about 
rotated. the character." And with t~s 

The interpretations were varied- open mind about character 1n-
-some convincing, others passable terpretatiOll, Wagner also ex· 
and the rest unwieldy. Of course press.ed a " deep respect for 
the prize auditions were delivered actors." One of the reasons why 
by the second year drama he chose The Cherry Orcbard is 
graduate students-experience and not only because he "loves 
skill shining through. They alone Chekov plays" but because it . is 
knew how to bring the humor out of an "actor play" and "work Wlth 
lines that the less experienced actors goes on here." Con-
delivered as serious. Also com· centrating on ,every word uttered 
peting alongside them were the by the actors, he'd let out a 

~."''''''''''''''·~·~·''··''··'''··~t - ,~ .................... ~......................... . , 

plea8ed "hymp" or a chucll;le 
every now and theIl. He seemed to 
reliah ·"e same blmoroUi line8 no 
matter 1I0W many tlmeI repeated-
revealin8 hla obvious affection for 
the play. 

'l1Ie aaerry 0reUnI II Indeed 
supposed to be a comedy, and yet 
it centers around what seema to 
be serious and even tragic 
business: A countess must seD her 
beloved cherny orchard in order 
to SIlve the rest of her estate. 
Ironically it is bought by a newly 
rich peasant and subdivided for a 
housing developmenL 

Change is the big theme here-
frivolous old Russian aristocracy 
being replaced by the pragma~c 
new middle class. Yet there IS 
comedy becatlSe of the assortment 
of ludicrous characters who make 
it all seem so absurd and 
laughable. Chekov himself insisted 
that it was to be taken as "Py and 
lighthearted comedy." The play 
will be performed at the UCSD 
Theatre, November 11-14, 1~21. 

F-olk Art 
On Display 

{'-CP"-B PJ-.. -es .. -en·-ts·-·-.. - .. - .. ----:-----.. ---.. - .. l, t( CPB Presents • ((' Folk Art of the Philippines will Th San Dleao ( beonviewatUCSO'sIntemational I Th~ Tokyo 8trinq Quartet i~; . f~;: e . '1 ~t';, ;:~ft :~a ~~!:!m!o~; Gallery 8, a gallery specializing in traditional and contemporary 
crafts. The exhibit will open 

I ! , ! this Friday evening ~, TONIGHT' ~, il and will feature the Samahan Dance Company in performance. :( ~ I i Hours for Saturday and Sunday. Program: . are 10 am to 4 pm. • 
I The exhibit will offer an ex. ) Quartet in B flat major, {t l tensive and varied collection of oJd 
• Op . 50. No . 1 · Hayden I' and new Filipino folk art. Included 
; Quartet No . 4- . Bartok :! will be a wide assortment of i Quartet in C Ma)'or, ti, lry 
• • • • baskets, brassware, tribal jewe • Op. 59 No . 3 · Beethoven 't. ~ t t ' and wood carvings. 
· ( I f 
, I ' f ANNOUNCEMENT 
, i } Theatre , 
' , \ : ! ((The Maids by Jean Genet ( ( Come & Go by Samuel Beckett f 
t 

f, } October 12.13.14,15,16,& 17 (Tues.· Sun.) ~ 
\ 8:00pm 

October 8, 8:30 p .m. I , Mandeville Recital Hall I 
Mande"lIIe Auditorium , , Studenta $2.00 , 

t UC San Diego Studentl H.50 ( ! General Adml .. lon $3.75 I 
; General Admission $5.00 (For Information call 452·4559 i 

From Muir Interdisciplinary 
Studies the follOWing Cultural 
Traditions Sequences are being 
offered this academic year : 

Oceanic Cultural Traditions-3 
quarters sequence; Medieval 
Cultural Traditions-3 quarters 
sequence; Judaic Cultural 
Traditions- 3 quarters sequence; 
Black Cultural Traditions ·-3 

i Presented by UC San Diego Faculty i Presented By the UC San Diego Program Board 'I 
~ For Information 452·4559 'and the Intercampus Cultural Exchange Committee 
\ quarters sequence. , 1 l.~ .. " .. ".,~~.~.~ ......... ~~~~ ...... ~.~ .......... ~ ........ ~ b-....... ~ ... ~.~~ ....................... ~ ...................... ~~ ........................ ..... 

CPB Presents 

Ed &. Lorraine Warren 

UExorcisms and 
. " PossessIons 

"America's top ghost hunters" 
ED and LORRAINE WARREN 
have been psychic investigators 
for thirty·one years and are 
consu!:ants to :r.e famous 
PS'Ichical Research Foundation 
in Durham . r~u,ll, Carolina. ED 
WARREN is recognized as one of 
only seven leading psychic in · 
vestigators In the United Stlltes. 
LORRAINE WARREN has been 
a clairvoyant and light tran· 
cemedium since she was a child. 

EXORCIS MS AND POSSESSIONS 
OCTOBER 21 , NOON 
MANDEVillE AUDITORIUM 
STUDENTS 51.00 
GENERAL ADMI~ ION $2.00 

A Campu Program Board Presentation 
452·4559 for Information 

CPB PRESENTS 
Lily Tomlin 

Since LILY TOMLIN first burst into American living 
rooms on NBC's "Laugh·in ." she has delighted 
audiences with. among others. 5 1/2 year·old Edith 
Ann , Ernestine the telephone operator, and Sister 
Boogie Woman . a 77 year·old evangelist. 

OCTOBER 17, 8:00 pm 
UC SAN DIEGO GYM 

UC SAN DIEGO STUDENTS $4.00 
GENERAL ADMISSION 55.00 

A Campus Program Board Presentatio n 
452·4559 for Information 

Crab lice infest 
even the 

nicest people 

RlllillS 
CRAI liCE 

ON CONTACT 
• Special comb 

included 
• Wittrout a 

prescription 
at Drug Stores 

Friday, Octeber I, 1111 triton times 

Herbert Has Reached into the 
Depths for Another Masterpiec~ 

by Dulei Lee Sllawler 
8taff Wrtter 

The words of the mentat Duncan 
Idaho place the drama in motion. 
"Muad'Dtb', teacblnp," he says, 
"have became the playground of 
scholastics, of the superstitious 
and the CGITUpl" Harsh words, 
considering the fact that he Is 
married to the woman who II the 
ruler of these same people. 

After the brilliance of Dune and 
the vast disappointment of DuDe 
Messiah, Frank Herbert has again 
reached into the depths of 
theology, philosophy, and ecology 
to bring his clientele another 
masterpiece; the climax of the 
DWle Trilogy, CbUdrea 01 Dune. 

For the conclusion to the ·epic, 
Herbert returns his reader to 
Arrakis, to Dune, the desert planet 
where the hypocrisy of 
Maud'Oib's priesthood is run by 
the ruling Reagent Alia, aunt to 
Ghanima and Leto II, Maud'Oib's 
nine year old twins, children-wh~ 
are-adults. Where Lady Jessica 
has returned to the Sisterhood of 
the Bene Gesserit. Where the man-
made ecology threatens to destroy 
the desert and the spice produc-
tion, backbone of the Imperium's 
economy. Where Stilgar mourns 
the passing of the Fremen culture. 
And where a blind Fremen from 
the Desert, known simply as the 
Preacber, is rumored to be 
Maud'Dib, returned from the dead 
to warn the Fremen of the coming 
catastrophe caused by the corrupt 
administration of Alia. 

Childrea 01 DaDe is perhaps the 
best effort yet by Herbert, better 
even than its Hugo Award winning 
precursor Dune. Herbert has taken 
the alien culture of Dune and ex· 
panded it into a culture so unique in 
its totality that it falls into that 
special class of works headed by 
J.R.R. ToUtien's Lord of the Rings. 
Children of Dune creates a culture 
whose laws are so a priori in 
Judgement that the reader can see 
nothing strange in their concept. 
He is drawn into them and made a 
part of them without conscious 
knowledge or consent. This is the 
backbone of successful fantasy and 
science fiction. 

The basis of the novel is the 
desert ecology. In DuDe, the desert 
so permeated the work that water 
was the IDOIIt valuable of all sub-
stances. The Fremen ci Arrakis 
spoke not of death and dying, but of 
the "cessation of We's water." A 
man was not wealthy because of an 
inventory 01 gold, but because of an 
excess stockpile of water. 

ChUdrea of DUDe downplays the 

Quarter ... 
University should be a place for 
thought and for discussion, and 
that there is lltUe time for either as 
professors ·and students rush 
through ten·week cycles. further, 
they believe UC was forced to 
adopt the quarter plan on account 
of fiscal prOjections (which later 
proved to be inaccurate) rather 
than for any sound academic 
reasons. 

r too believe that student's voices 
should be heard. Since this matter 
will probably come up soon for 
faculty consideration, I SUggest 
that proponents of both plans speak 
up, as we need an informed 
COmmunity. Obviously I like 
semesters-especially the 4-1-4 
calendar (faU semester, one month 
vacation after Xmas, spring 
semester) which is now favored by 
so many colleges and universities 
throughout the United States. 

Hazel Alksnis 

wealth of water, not because it has 
mewed to a differeut theme, but 
because of the man-made 
alterations in the ecology that has 
brought water and vegetation to 
Arrakla. With the water comes 
destruction. Tbia, then, II the point 
'01 the novel: the changed en-
,v Ironment is threatening to 

destroy not only Arrakis, but the 
entire universe. Even the distant 
planets of the Imperium cannot . 
escape its effects. 

The plot is immense in its 
complications, or as Farad'n 
would say, " A p~ot within a plot 

within a plot . within a plot. .. " 
Herbert, following his Ulual style, 
launches tU reader directly into 
the story on the assumption that 
the culture and the laaues involved 
are already weD known. ThIs 
creates initial confusion, but it also 
adds enjoyment wben the reader 
experiences a burst of 
enlighterunent. 

The characters are familiar to 
anyone who has read the proceding 
books of the trilogy, and quickly 
comprehended by others. The 
excitement created by them is 
tremendous as Herbert leaves the 
reader continually asking 
questions that remain unanswered 
for long expanses of pages. Why is 
Alia behaving the way she is? Is 
Farad'n good or evil? What is 
Leto's Golden Path? Has Jessica 
deserted the Atreides? Is the 
Preacher really Paul Maud'Dib? 

When a master storyteller 
creates a master story, the result 
is always well worth reading. 
ChUdrea of Dune is the second such 
work from Frank: Herbert (Dune 
being the other) and is certain to 
cement his reputation among 
science fiction writers with a 
finality. 

Quaff a Couple and Munch 
Some Pizza on Campus 

The 
Pub 

Open every Frtday 
and Saturda, 9:30 pm until? 

Locateclln the Third College Snack Bar 

Rock out with live entertainment or di8co . 

. pt"' GRACE ~ 
U.C.S.D.Staff ..... --________________ --' 

XEROX COPIES 
NO MINIMUM 

IEAINT MESA 3 cents with Student 10 
8333 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Phone 560-9002 

the greatest 
Bergman 

. ··MAGNIFICENT I" 
_~ Gilli.lI, Tile N •• Yot~., 

OINO 0( 1JiMD/111S PN:SOIT5 

INGMAR DERGMAN'S 
"FJa TO FACE" 
--------~--------

UVUUMANN 
FRIDAY: 5:15-7:30·9:45 TWI·LITE 4:45-5:15/$1.75 
SATURDAY: 2-<1:45-7:30·9:45 TWI·LITE 4:15-4:45/$1.75 ' 
SUNDAY: 1-3:3G-6-8:30 TWI·LITE 5:3G-6 / $1.75 
MON·THUR : 5:30' 8:00 TWI·lITE 5·5:30/ SI .75 

CPB Presents 

Friday and Satwday Films 

ZARDOZ 
"v. SMn the Futu,. and It SuckI 

ljOO blows 
and 

Jules and Jim 

Friday Oct 8 
7~00 p.m . 9:30 p .m. 
USB 2722 
$1.25 
"ZARDOZ" 
Directed by: John Boorman 
Starring Sean Connery. 
Charlotte Rampllng, and 
Sara Kestelman 

Saturday Oc t 9 
7:00p.m. 
USB 2722 
$1 .00 
"400 BLOWS" and "JULES 
AND JIM" 

Two classiCI directed by 
Francois Truffaut . 400 
BLOWS, a new master· 
piece, II the moving story of 
a young boy turned outcast. 
JULES AND JIM evokes the 
romantic nostalgia before 
WWI and exquilitely 
illuminates a modern 
woman. 

A Campus Program Board Presentation 
Can 452·4559 For Information 

CPB Presents 

Ansel Adams 
Personal Perspectives 

Mr Adams will speak on 
"Personal Perspectives". an 
autobiographical approach to his 
own work and the relationship of 
his life as c photographer to his 
peers and colleagues during the 
past fifty yeers . 

\ 
OCTO R 4 -00 PM 
MAND VILLE AUDITORIUM 

TUOENT $2.50 
GEN RALADMIS ION h 00 

A Camp. ""o,mm Bo." p, ... no. . J 
452·4559 for Informlltlon 



Discount 
Prices 

Expert Service 

Darkroom 
Supplies 

Qualit:Y Equipment 
UCSD Budget Numbers Accepted 

Boh Da "is (' aflu'ra Shop 
1. I ,I \ • I .1 '011.1 I )'+; )) 

tritOD tilDe8 

Women'sV'ball ' 
Tops· SDCC In 
Season Opener 

by RoaKato 
Staff ,Writer' 

. After falling behind at the outset 
of the season opener, the women's , 
volleyball team quickly regained 

• 

• • • • e • • e.. • • e e.. • e.. • .." their poise and defeated San Diego 
City College in two straight games, For U~ Only 15-4andl~1. 

• 
• 
• 
• ., 

• Oo'lfn by three in the ear!y 

NE~ YORK · goings of game one, Triiors.' • Andrea Beylen stepped up to serve 
• and scored UCSD's first point of 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
e 

• 

LAX-JFK 
JFK-LAX 

... 

$224 taxtncluded 
• Also available ... 
• - PSA Reservetions (and tickets) 
• - Beat the Christmas rush ", make 

• the new season. The Tritons then 
• allowed just one more tally to 
• SDCC before rallying for 14 

straight points to cap the victory. 
• Traili,ng 4-1, the turning point for 
• the Tritons came on a spike by Eva 
• LjWlgwe, which returned the 
• service back to UCSD. From that 
• moment on, Triton servers, 
• notably Amy Harber with ber 
• smashing serves, controlled the 

your Christmas. game as UCSD went on to win 15-4. 
• "We started out well but we just 

• plans now 
• :.... Alternetlve dates to New York (Call for details) 
• • • 

- Charter flights to LONDON and FRANKFORT (eo 
• let down," said SOCC's first year 

coach Judy Stramm, "Part of our 
problem is that we're not com-
petitively tougb. We don't have 
enough experience, " And with 
SOCC's volleyball program only in 
it's second year of competition, 
Coach Stramm's comments seem 
to be well justified. 

• • 
• days advanced booking required) • 

e~ Open 12-4 pm Mon, Wed , Fri • 
: crEE Student Travel Services 452-0630 • 
\L International Center, UCSD 1I I ~. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .~ 

Demo 
Judo 
Akido 
Karate 

to 11:00am 

Saturday,Oct.9 

Main Gym UCSD 
Educational Demonstration of the Three Arts sponsored by the 

AkldoClub 

r-:J;;t;hl 
~ : 
· , ~ : 
· , { : 
1 ! 
· I { , { Simchas , { ; 
, Torah ( 

WEEKEND 
GUESTS? 

Yo ur family and friends will enjoy 
sta ying at La Jolla's newest 
high·rise resort hotel. 

The second game started out 
with confusion on the court, as an 
error in substitution by UCSD's 
coach Chuck Millenbah.- cost his 
team the service before the contest 
coulq get underway. 

The Tritons however, still got off 
to a fast start and scored six times 
before yielding to a side out. A 
perfect cross court bwnp sel from 
Aileen Horimoto to LjWlgwe to set 
up the hit on the ensuing play 
which returned the advantage 
back to UCSD. Holly Stewart, 
complimented by coach Millenbah 
for her setting, served out the final 
four points to bring tbe victory to 
the Tritons, 

Disadvantaged by the start of the 
late quarter, the team trimmed 
their roster to 12 players only last 
week. Before Wednesday's game 
there were only three days of 
practice with the permanent 
squad, " We tried a brand new 
defense so our execution was not 
too well polished," corrunented 
Millenbah, " But they hustled a lot 
and with their enthusiasm they 
should keep doing well. II 

Rounding out the roster for this 
year's squad, besides the afor-
mentioned, are Cely Bergado, 
Teresa Duquette, Karen Flammer, 
Jennifer Freed, Karen Kaehler, 
Susan Marshall, and Beth Suo-
dheim. 

The Tritons will play today at 
Palomar and next Wednesday at 
USD before returning home on Oct. 
18 for a match against Point Lorna, 

Scott Sadil 

SeIf·Confidence Expert 
"I'm gOMa be the best god-damned referee this ~orld has CVI'r seen! 

Yes siree, I'm gonna make the right call on every SIngle play, or at least 
make everyone believe I made the right call, because there won't be any 
questions when I signal a play and I ain't taking no shit from no one and 
I'D make me a bwtdle of money and go into the pros and get into Sports 
Olustrated and be a star and the chicks wiD love me and, and," -pant! 
gasp!- "and, Oh God, I can't walt to get the stripes on!lnd get out there 
and ref my first intramural football game! " 

Which is how 1 always feel after spending more than two minutes 
talldng with Bob Moss, 

••• 

Bob Moss is a sports official. He is also a teacher, His course this and 
every quarter at UCSD is tiUed "Psychology of Sports Officiating," And 
Moss is also a seU-proclaimed "genius", a salesman, a preacher, a 
clown, a guru, a visionary, a pretty fair referee, a better umpire, and an 
all-around nice guy. 

But, more than anything else, Bob M088 is a Self-COnfidence Expert. 
••• 

"I teach techniques," says Moss, '''that individuals can use to develop 
personal coofldence. Sports officiating helps seU-confidence because it 
requires decision-making. 1 provide the skills necessary for a person to 
make those decisions during crisis situations in a manner in which they 
wiD not fear the consequences of what they decide. " 

The main technique taug~ by M088 is what he calls "Creative 
Visualization," It is a method gaining popularity in all sports. The trick is 
to imagine oneself on a playing field during a' game situation, creating 
events in your mind that lead to difficult decisions, then picturing 
yourself reacting to the play and making the correct call. 

"I tell my pupils," 'Moss says, "to 'Capture all the elephants, fret not 
the ants' , That's a Bob Moss Orildnal." 

(You see, the elephants are the easy plays that anyone could caltfrom a 
h.nndred yards away, while the ants ... ) 

••• 

You sit in class and really wonder if the man is crazy. His lecturing 
style is a combination Standup-Comedian-Loquacious-Hip'F~naticism . 
And his get·up! Wornout red Adidas, no socks, navy blue coaching shorts, 
cauliflower McPugg baseball cap, and a football jersey big enough to fit 
over shoulder pads but completely filled by this prodigious four-by-four 
midsection, 

He pumps his program like Muhammad Ali drwmning up fan,":'terest 
before a championship fight. He tells you about the oppo~urutles for 
officiating on campus, in the community, in Alaska. There's big money to 
be made, he says, He quotes Satchel Paige - " Don't look back, someone 
may be gaining on you, "- and former Major League umpire Tom Gonnan 
-"I might not always be right, but I'm neyer wrong,II He acts. out t~ ~art 
of a referee in a stress situation -cold sweatv oalms. armpits dnppmg, 
stools getting loose- who overcomes the crisis because of s~lf­
assertiveness training. And then one of Moss' former student,g,comes In a 
gives a Reverend Ike-type testimony about how officiating, Creative 
Visualization, and Bob Moss changed his life : "I used to be a 145-pound 
weakling, I still weigh 145 pounds, but now I can control any sPOI'tf event , 
anytime, at any place, all by myself." 

... 

So I finish a joint behind the trees , my creative visualization technique; 
and trot out onto the field, positioning myself past the bag along the first 
base line, 

It's tile championship intramural softball game, the crowd is enor· 
mous, bottom half of the last iJUling, home team behind by one run, two 
outs, bases load~. And there 's a slow groWidball to the right of the first 
baseman, who fields it, the pitcher rWlS over to cover the bag, here comes 
the runner, there's the throw, see if the pitcher's foot is on the base, watch 
the rWlner's foot, there's the ball into the glove, visualize each part of the 
play -SW AAPPP! - they all come together at once, Oh Balls! it's an exact 
tie, a no-good friggin' tie, but a call has to be made, "out" or "safe", oh 
my god, whadoeye do? I'm hopping up and down on one leg, my arms are 
poised above my head, I've gotta do something, so, so .. . 

"HE'S OUTTA mERE!!! II -swing the right fist then pull it back like 
yanking on a train's brake lever- " the batter was wearing illegal shoes. 
NO CLEATS IN INTRAMURAL GAMES! II 

"Uh, can I have some help picking up the bases?" 

Task force ... 
t at ' 
! CHABAD I ; ! 
I • 

The Hanna Fenlchal 
IUrBery SChool 

heariags scheduled to begin next 
v,eek, Each pl'08pective model'S 
basic structure has been 
Wlanlmously declared by task 
force members to be "a workable 
alternative worthy of con· 
sideration. " ( Satwday Night { , , 

( Oc·tdber 16 l 
{ 7:~5pm ) 
t . 
( Lots of ( 
( " ( L '(;haim to i keep spirits ~ 
, going ! 
, i I ChaNd HOUIi ~ 
, 611 5 Mont.1U1". 1 
( (M •• San Diego State) , (_._ .. _._~!~ __ ~!!.~_. ___ .. J 

Phone Marla , 459-0261 for rllte 
Information and a color 
brochure. -

SUMMER HOUSE 
INN 

La Jolla Shores Drive 
at Torrey Pines Road 

II racrull. na ChI ..... ella 
II 

3 • I '11r .. I. 
...... bY BI III ••• 

PI,c ... n.IJllc Inllllll 

........ ,.1111111 
I ........... 21 

The school admltli children of .11 race, color, national or 
ethnic Origin. 

The fonnation of the task force 
by Chancellor McElroy was in 
response to student requests for 
appointment of a committee on 
student government alternatives 
due to disenchantment with the 
Coop, which Itsf'lf had been 
awaiting a referendum seeking 
fonnal recognition; a condition of 
its formation two years a80, 

He/icon, ,h. UCSD Ii'.rary journol 
is looking for people for it. editing 
and writing ,toff. Unit' ar •. 
ovollobl. , Contact lowry Pei - 4th 
College writing or call St.'i at 453-
7245. 

triton tUne8 Pap! 7 

TRiTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
T eI.phont! IOlictlora . Good lIourl y wege and 
bOnUMB. ~ to UCSO. , 111111 • . Immedlat. 
openlng.275-2!53!i (1011 I) 
Elderly LI Jollan non-drl_ needa oc-
caslonelly .,udenl wltll car $3.50 per lIour 
pIUS aellafactory mlleeg. ellowance. Locel 
driving on erranda . '!l8-73I15 . 

Wanled car cheap aboUI S«lO. Call Greg 756-
7020 or 452-3797, l .... number. 

Needed: Fundamenlals of Child Develop-
ment 2nd Ed . Pl._ call Vicki ., ~90106 . 
POl1 1) 

Good, tight , Rock-n-roll band for end of 
month affair. Call 453-n1e. (10120) 

62 VW Bug : excellenl running condition; 
sunroo' ; redlo, h •• 'er 3D m.p .g . original 
owner. Se5Oafl.r ~487-2219. (1018) 
Schwinn 5-speed $25 Raleigh 1~speed S50 2 
Yonex lennI. rackets $'5 call 453~75 
anyllme .I1er 5 (1 018) 

Metrosound model 1.15 -7550 ... 1.1 I FM 
recel_1 casette tape player coal $1 35-.ell for 
$100 call 273-3560. (10113) 

7U Auslln "'merlca 27 mpg. good COnd o Musl 
sell $450. Box 853 , Del Mar. (1018) 

Schwinn len speed good condition $65 great 
Iransponallon. Call Phil at '55-9276 (1018) 

3 monlh Old BI.:k labradore female puppy 
need a good home. Int .... 'ed? Call 453·9451 
niles PO/8) 
Never used cover fO( Porache 911, 912, cost 
$SO will sell for~ . Call 481.(1143 , aal! for 
Marl<. (IOI1S) 
Schwinn varsity 1 ~speed . Good condition. 
Must sell . Call lynn 481 -8290. 

For Sale: '74 Honda Xl-25O excellenl con-
dillon. Low mlliage w /helmet.. Musl sell . 
Best offer 755-6970. 

Orafllng maCh ine Mutoh very sllghlly used 
$75 452-4048 or 463-3191 John . 

Exposure meIer new vlvitar 24 cds used Iwlce 
$8 John 452-4048 or 463-3191 . 

MOVIng' kitchen, living room and bedroom 
lurnit ure . Washer . 56&-8ns eve. 

Graph lle driver firm shaft Wilson XLSOO never 
used $45 firm 453-7368 ask for RICk (10 / 15) 

For sale Koss headphones. Musl sell . Bob-
453-6967 . 

MUSI Sale: Down bag class 5 mountain EQ . 
New S1 00. Will sale SIlO . Rebecca 755-6304 . 

• SERVICES 
ACAOE ~IC RESE ... RCH P"'PERS, 
Thousands on fll • . Send $1.00 for your 192-
page, mall order caleloo. 11322 Idaho ... ve 
'206H, Los "'ngeles, Calif . 90025 (213) 477: 
8474. (1 216) 

SPlrllah II1d Frencll prl.,.,. 1.1IOn., 234-
0311 ."'_Ion 33e. (10125) 

51111 looIUng tor 2 rnalU,., _rtou. non-
amottlng atudenl. to ..... '1*1ou. 3 br 
hOUH In S. CleI,.mont, wMh '*'yof! vi .... & 
own large rooma . S120 plul 113 utllltl .. 
• .:h. Bolh ..... Mlcoma. 2IIM2I3. (1011) 

MUSICIANS REFERR ... l SERVICE 
If you we a mullelan Pf1I_ntly without work. 
Get your act tooatllerl Call (714) 4IlO-e6<1O. 
(1018) 

Christians: TCF wanls you 10 see Ihe Ford-
Carler debate end come 10 our meeting . Til. 
deblle Is being taped and wil l be made 
avallabl • . See Nancy Dewart at the meet ing 
7:30 Wednelday nlghl Rev. For. lounge. 

lOSE unwanted pounds & InChes. Easy way 
to 10 .. & keep It off & eat what you want! Call 
Lynn '81 -8290. 

15 YOUR VW TIRED? EXP meChanic glv8!l 
soul deals . Tune-up 10 rebuilds . All work 
guaranteed - Jolin '54-8251. (10113) 

UCSO cheas club meels lonlght Monday Oct 
11 , R_IIe NOr1h cafeteria beginnIng at 7:30 
pm. 

Need responsible person 10 drive my car 10 
BOSlon after Oct. 14. Call '52-1265. 

PERSONAls 
Civil War newspapers & peculiarities of many 
ages. Fine books bought & sold . Ex Llbrl. 
Bookstore In Solana Beach 755-7323. 

Pleasanl . handsome, teaCher , 30, seeks a 
Slim, attractive lady for a permanunt 
relallonshlp , summer Iravels. J. Hall , 3852 
MissIon Blvd ., San Otego 92109 . (10113) 

BUMPS . .. After 3 yrs I still love you . Can you 
believe it? IL Y JMB 

Doug Bennedon please call Vicki and laurie 
(In La Jolla) Important. Thanks . 

To the 5 lovely ladles of the shorllne , Ihose 
surf sislers of Del Mar: I can 'l Ihank you 
enough lor your couch and everylhlng 
(heavensl) How boul dinner tonlle? BYOC 
(chairs) forever, Spaauuuuuuune ! I! 

BJ-shower lhe people you love with love - I 
am going 10 miss you th is weekend . Dr ive 
safely. Love, CATOE 

l· ..... ··~·· ... ·~-~··""·· .... ··"·~·~·, 
fCOMMUNITYI 
, BLOOD BANK( 
I 983 India , 
, 327 F Street , 

I PAYSDONORS ~ 
, for Service, !.: 
( Mon. - Fri. 

TECHNICAllllUSTR1ITlONS 
Graphs, elc . lor publications . Reaaonable, 
rush welcome . Paul 276-5156 eves. (10115) 

, 233-5481 i 
, 234·4601 I 
·· ...... ~·" ............... ~.~ ........... ".t 

Parking 
Students are Reminded 

"$" ,.... ,.1'IIIih .. 'IUd ill YEllOW Snl'ED 
Plrk" s,.c.. 0IIIy. (SM c..,. .... ) 

Cit...... .. I .... ftr ...... ,..... ,.~. 
yo" .... 1f wftlltlit ,.. ............. . 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223 

Rosl, G.nn, I loved yo,,'etlt .. and ml .. you 
-Regard" .. 

DIIvld Llvlne ... R488 writ. yr f_ color on yr 
blaclcbOerd be In yr rm Mon 9 pm.Love & 
Surprises Bed-Bud I 

To that foxy blonde who SltV8!I lunch al 
Matth ..... , EV"'HS! Panl 

Jerry - You're reacting Ihls a week to lale. L 

Whal Is higher consciousn8!ls? Come and 
find out. Fridays starting Oct . 15 In USB 
3050"', 7::xl p.m. Free 10 all. Call 755-{)816 for 
funller Information (10113) 

lOST ANd fOUNd 

Loal : Tan leather wallet . laal seen al Reve lle 
Coffee House Monday 9127 al noon I need 
lhe drivers license, school 10, photos, ele . 
Please call If you know anything . No 
Questions asked . Lynn 453-8935. 

lo.t Well. Fargo Checkbook on 1(}.6. Call 
Geoff 755-7196. 

LOSI : Lad les gold walCh 9127 Revelle Plaza. 
Call 453-8257. 

Found lurquolse ring In IIrsl lloor APM 
women s balhroom . PiCkup TT office. 

lost: Aust shepherd grey + black w/blue 
. kerchief named Tasha licensed pleas. call 

453-0653. 

Losl - dr. IIc. - student 10 - bus pass - reward 
If found - call Pauline 454-871 9. 

Found sevenlll floor central library In 
womans balhroom a spoon ring - call lorrl 
274·9371 . 

Found : pelrof .ungl ..... n.rgym on Wed . 
Sept.mba' 29, Pick up at TT 011101. 

Found 10 Muir cempua .... S. Roaecr.ns)r call 
Kathy 453-1890 & be mO(. c.reful next tlmel 

lost : All my prIze po$lesslona In my brown 
leather p .. se reward for retum of wellet . 
Melinda Thompson .52-6388 0( 283-3564. 

lost - Panama hat willi black and blue b8nd. 
If found please call 755-7093. Thank you . 

ItOUSiNG 
OB ApI. 1 blk from beaCh . ""ust renl by 14 
Til . 1 BOR. perfec1 for 2. S15O.oo Leave No. at 
753-1030 fO( Tony . 

Fem roommale wanled for larg. oceanfront 
apt. Mission BeaCh $100. mo. call 488-8124 
or 454-8637 . 

South Mission Beach apartment. 2 Bedrooms 
10 June 3D $250. for 2. Phone 276-2909 . 

SlUA3fJ8t 
6 dtu.P $200 

WiIUt &mk 
I"dudes: Lift Ticket. Lod,in .. 

Breakfast. Round Trip Bus fare 
Bus Leaves UCSO Dec, 12 

Returns Dec. 1.2 
Information & Reservations 
call Larry 453-1969 after 5 

A mNTION: FALL GRADUATES 
Please make on appointment to 
see Trudy lord by 1he th ird week of 
,his quort.r to file your candidacy 
card for graduation and have a 
final degree check. late filing will 
require a fee. so don' t deloy--while 
it is freel 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

com e and hear 
Rev.Fred_ Harger 

on 
, 
Cast Your Burden 

III the Lord ' 
-

This Sunday 1 0:45am; 
715 SUverado 

L. Jol .. 



trito tiae8 

eeps Tabs on professors 
byDuWaI.-t 

Staff 
Every quarter (Course 

and ProfeSlOl' l'-:v,luatiODl), a 
Itudent~run, autonomous 
organization, puts out a hefty 
handbook filled woith student 
"Pinions about the quality of 
education at UCSD. 

Bill Meyers, editor/director of 
CAPE, explained in an interview 
that the expressed goal of CAPE is 
"to provide useful and accurate 
information for students about 
professors and classes. " This 
infonnation can aid students in 

selecting claueI ' and teachen, he 
said. 

Not MaID Goal 
Futhennore, Meyers revealed 

that whereas all faculty and 
departments receive their CAPE 
results, CAPE's use as an aid in 
tenure decisions is not a main goal 
of the organization. 

Despite this, however, Meyers 
did say he felt CAPE was used riot 
only by the AS, but as a source of 
pressure within departments and 
among faculty peer groups. He 
also tressed that CAPE is willing 
to actively participate in any 

Loneliness and Belonging 
Subject of Discussion 

by Alan Russell 
News Editor 

Clothes, what you eat, and deoxyribonucleic acid are not the only things 
that make a person. 

This Sunday night at 8:00 in the North Conference Room of the Student 
Center a program entitled " Loneliness and Belonging in the ArTlerican 
Culture" will direct itself to different facets that influence and make up 
one's character. UCSD Communications Professor Michael Real will 
lead the discussion. 

Father Bernard Campbell of the Office of Religious Affairs, the 
organization sponsoring the program, emphasized that the discussion 
wouldn't be one of those " heavy rap sessions"but rather a gathering " to 
promote a better understanding of what influences are working on each 
and every indivi9ual." 

In the course·of the program unusual methods such as outtakes from 
commercials will be used to show what enhances loneliness and what 
promotes belonging. 

" You would be amazed to see how some commercial ads viewed in a 
context other than a television room are as funny as hell," said Campbell. 
"Realizations like that make one ask, 'what have these things been doing 
tome?' " 

Campbell sees the role of speaker Real as that of a provoker. " Right 
now almost all of us wouldn't think of seeing anyone without brushing 
our teeth and using mouthwash," said Campbell. "Is it coming to the 
point where we're some kind of saran wra~people?" 

Noting that the evening wouldn't be directed to "one right answer," 
Campbell stated " the best kind of answer is one that provokes another 
question." 

Aftet Real's presentation, the audience will break up into small groups, 
It is hoped that individuals will bring food and share it with others to help 
promote a " bond greater than calories." 

And perhaps an understanding impossible to ever find in a biology 
lecture. 

program designed to improve tbe 
teaching at UaJD. 

One such program is 8 Teacher 
Self-Improvement project, run by 
Dr. John Andrews from Counseling 
and Psychological Services. This is 
a voluntary program for faculty 
who wish to improve their teaching 
skills. Fifty professors will be 
involved and CAPE will be doing 
two special evaluations-per 

Herbert York [Photo : Bill Brooks] 
teacher to aid the program. 

Thus, the thrust of CAPE with 
regard to faculty-tenure 
promotions is a positive one. Said 
Meyers, " We're not interested in 
getting anyone fired; we want 
them all to be the best possible 
teachers." 

Influence to a Degree 
As chairman, Herbert York 

agrees, to some degree. CAPE has 
a strong influence in tenure 
decisions, he said, but only when 
the reports are positive. 

York said the budget and ad hoc 
committees of the AS-committees 
which make recommendations to 
the Chancellor about promotions-
use CAPE when compiling their 
recommendations. 

Yo·rk also stated that although 
good reports could insure a 
promotion fot: a mediocre 
researcher, a professor who was a 
good researcher would probably 
get the promotion even in the face 
of consistently bad reports. 

York did maintain, however, 
that " something like CAPE is 
probably the best way there is to 
find out about how a professor 
teaches. " 

eongratalatiollS, 
~ou're in medieal schooL 

Now, ~ou have to 
p"~forit. 

'II mlul ~ literature whICh IMII gIVe \o<lU a good 0\0e'IIIew d 
the scope of our operations VJhy not "",Ie? We think ~'II 
I Interested In the JXlSSlbtilties 
r ~t (m:;:.-hoI.rsh;------~_;;,;l 
I PO Ilo.Af Peon. ILb1614 . I Y ... I.m .n .. ,.<lt'd .n A~ force. H •• t,h Prol ... .",. SdlOl.nhlp 
I Cif'flI"'UOII I und('nland lhefe IS no obhgatlOn I t elm (>\I)(>fldlky Inlfrp .. wd In 
I (1 Army ['] 110, .... ,. 0 N."V I D v.,,,,,,,.'\!· 0 f',y<hot.,gyIPh())' 0 Phyiltlln 0 0."... I O Orl ' ....... '\! I 
I mP So.OM OF I 

I~~- ~ I 
I ( . ., '>t •• , ZIp 

I nt dl !'Xho<lIf __ -==== I I , ad'M't' I" [.wI ... I 
I I .. " ~ 1'IoI.~ F 1fT! Pty(~ not ...,...w. Wt Iwmy I 
I A; .... " Fore •• a..It .. c.nw. I I 0 dtCdled to h . Ith care and I L __ ~e peopl ~ho prachce ~ __ .J 

UCSD SllJdENTs 
-SAVE MONEY, n-, PAIIkiNq SpACE-

Buy OR RENT 
CAM pm CoMMUTERS 

AVAilAblE AT 
, Jt..o-P'lJA 

r- lIlY/RENT "~ W 
CiAo-Foxi- JAURA 

2226 AVENidA dE lA PlAYA 
LA JoLlA SItORES 

1 OAM-6pM TUEsdAY TkRU SUNdAY 
CLosEd MONdAY 4~4-9882 

! ~~~ BASkET, TiE DOWN CORch ' : 
I ~ ANd Oil wiTk PURCItASE of NEW BikE I 
I I . I 
,-. COUPON ___________________ COUPON_ J 

.Year after year, 
quarter after quarter, 

he College Master®fro 
Fidelity Union Life has 
been the most accepted, 
most popular plan on 

campuses allover 
America. 

Find out why·. 
Call the Fidelity Union 

CollegeMaster8 
Field Associate 

• In your area: 
4501 Mission Bay Drive , Suite 3A 

Pacific Beach 
270·6800 

Colle ____ .r"to._ ® 


