
Chavez To Appear Here Monday 
United Farm Workers (UFW) 

President Cesar Chavez will make 
his first UC San Diego visit Mon-
day to campaign for the 
qualification of the Farm Workers' 
Initiative on the November ballot. 

Chavez will speak in the Man-
deville Auditoriwn at noon in an 
appearance sponsored by the 
Campus Program Board and the 
Chicano Studies Program. 

Chavez, 49, founded the UFW 
after one of his earlier 
organizations merged with an 
AFlrCIO group in 1966. 

A year earlier Chavez called (or 
a strike-boycott of table grapes, 
initiating one of the largest and 
longest boycotts in the history of 
the American labor movement. By 
1973 the boycott had spread to 
include head lettuce and Gallo 
wines. 

The boycott sparked off in-
creased conflict, between growers, 
the UFW and the rival Teamsters 
Union which led to a compromised 
farm labor bill in early 1975. The 
bill established the Farm Labor 
Relations Board to oversee union 
elections. 

However, early this year, the 
board's money ran out and the 
legislature has been debating 
whether to continue funding the 
board. 

The UFW wants to remove 
funding of the board from 
legislative control and establish 
independent financing which could 
only be changed by another voter-
approved measure. 

A native of Arizona, Chavez 
currently lives in Kern County. He 
is a believer in the principles of 
non-violence as expoused by 

Mahatma Gandhi and Martin 
Luther King. . 

After Chavez conducted a 25-day 
fast in 1968 to draw attention to the 
cause of the UFW movement, the 
late Sen. Robert Kennedy flew to 
Delano to lend him support. 
Kennedy called him " one of the 
heroic figures of our time. II 

Joe Smith, a UFW organizer in 
San Diego, said that UCSD is 
unique in that the farmworkers 
have attracted strong support in all 
sections of the campus community. 
Faculty members, usually 
lukewarm in their support ac-
cording to Smith, have raised 
funds for the farmworkers , and 
support among students groups 
has always been strong. 

Smith said that Chavez will also 
speak at San Diego State Monday 
evening. 

Nuclear Physicist Gives UFO Evidence 
by Craig Jackson 

Staff Writer 
Alien beings from the star 

system Zeta Reticuli, 37 light years 
away, may have visited Earth in 
1961 to perform biological tests on 
humans. This is a conclusion 
reached by one UFO researcher 
after studying a star map drawn 
under hypnosis by Betty Hill, a 
woman who was allegedly taken 
aboard a spacecraft in that year. 

The Zeta Reticuli theory was 
mentioned during the course of a 
lecture Monday night by Stanton 
Friedman in the Mandeville 
Auditorium on "Flying Saucers 
Are Real." Friedman, a nuclear 
physicist for 14 years, bills himself 
as the only space scientist in the 
world known to be devoting full 
time to UFOs. 

He has appeared on national talk 
shows and was one of ten scientists 
who contributed to a "Symposium 
on UFOs and the Future" spon-
sored by the American Institute of 
Aeronautics and Astronautics. 

Overview of Research 
In his colorful and often 

humorous lecture, Friedman 
presented an overview of UFO 
research and explained why he 
believes that " the evidence is 
overwhelming that Planet Earth is 
being visited by extraterrestrial 
spacecraft." 

Friedman was quick to point out 
that by no means all UFO sightings 
are genuine. He classed UFO 

IT Errs 
In Hearings 
Story 

In Monday's article about the 
end of the hearings against 10 UC 
San Diego students charged with 
violations of UC regulations, we 
inaccurately reported that one of 
the charged students, George 
Katsiaficas, said that campus 
police ' officer Joseph Thornell 
lifted his wallet and that Thornell 
was called a " CIA or Mafioso" 
type by Katsiaficas. 

Katsiaficas did not say that 
Thornell lifted his wallet or that he 
was a "CIA or Mafioso type." 
Thornell was in no way implicated 
by Katsiaficas. 

The Triton Tim s regrets the 
rror. 

reports into three groups: those 
phenomena which, although 
strange, can be identified: those 
reports for which there is not 
enough good information; and 
those reports from competent 
observers of objects which appear 
to be artificial but which exhibit 
behavior unlike any earth craft. 
This last category is large enough 
to form a data base for serious 
UFO research, he said. 

Friedman reviewed five major 
studies in the past 25 years that 
have tried to answer the UFO 
question. The largest of these, 
Project Blue Book Special Report 
#14, was undertaken by the Air. 

Force on the basis of some 2,000 
UFO sightings from 1947-52. The 
report was never widely 
distributed, even though it said 
that almost 20 percent of sightings 
fall into the " unknown " 
category-unexplainable as either 
natural occurrences or terrestrial 
vehicles. 

Friedman attempted to debunk 
some common misconceptions 
about UFOs, such as why they're 
only seen for such a short time, and 
why they're only seen by a few 
people at once. He said there are 
many cases of sightings lasting 
more than 30 minutes and of 

(;ontinued on Page 6 

Anti-CIA Meeting To 
Be Held At UCSD 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

UC San Diego will be the site of a 
statewide conference next 
weekend to discuss the Central 
Intelligence Agency and encourage 
the establishment of the student 
collectives throughout the state to 
open lines of communication. This 
was announced at an anti-CIA rally 
Wednesday afternoon. 

The rally, held on Revelle plaza, 
featured three of the 10 students 
charged with university regulation 
violations in connection with the 
Nov. 25 anti-CIA demonstration 
and one of their attorneys in the 
recently-concluded disciplinary 
hearings. They poke on injustices 
in America and the world and t~e 
need to reform the UC system to 
give students some decision-
making power. 

The conference next weekend is 
part of the movement to 
redistribute power, Ruth Quirk, 
one of the charged students, said 
Wednesday. " We mu t unite with 
ourselves," she said. "Only 
through this can we ever have 
victory." 

Reg nt Analysis 
Th attorney, Pet r Schey, 

presented a brief analy is of the 
UC Regents, who, he said, control 
all university decisions, big and 
small." He aid many Regents are 
th h ads of large corporations and 
that they often have close business 
ties with each oth r. 

Pointing to th Reg ntal 
m mbership, with onl two bla ks 
(both e off! io m mber and on 

student, Schey concluded that the 
" Regents are in no way reflective 
of the population." 

All the Regents "are interested 
in," Schey said, " is how many 
scientists are going to be 
needed .... Any kind of belief on your 

Ruth Quirk announced 
Wednesday that UCSD will 
host a statewide conference 
on the CIA next weekend . 
(TT photo : Bill Brooks) 
part that th Regents make 
deci ion based on the needs of 
California .... and the world is n-
tirely wrong." 

B aus of this, h told the 
100 tudents listening that " Your 
po ition i on of virtual 
pow rlessn " 

CoaUnued 08 Pale • 

Cesar Chavez will speak Monday at noon in the Mandeville 
Center in support of the Farm Workers' Initiatiye. 

Saxon Says Chicano Quota 
Up to Individual Campuses 

UC President David S. Saxon 
says that the majQ.f responsibility 
for increasing the number of 
Chicanos in all sectors of the UC 
community lies with the individual 
campuses. 

Saxon, in an April 1 statement on 
the UC Chicano Task Force Report 
said, " the campuses are and 
should be, the place where the 
significant action and progress on 
Chicano problems will occur. Most 
members of the community work 
or study on a campus, and progress 
on the complex issues ... will 
depend on a consensus within each 
campus community on what can be 
done." 

The Chicano Task Force 
presented a report to then UC 
President Charles Hitch and the 
Regents in the spring of 1975 after 
studying the status of Chicanos in 
the UC system, and suggested 
programs to increase the par-
ticipation of that group in the 
faculty and the student body. 

Saxon emphasized that any 
efforts to correct the Chicano 
under-representation must be 
carried out within the framework 
of the UC affirmative action 
programs. 

Larger Aim 
"The recommendations of the 

Chicano Task Force Report are 
designed to help us devote ap-
propriate attention to the ways in 
which the Chicano situation is 
unique-the sheer magnitude of 
Chicano under-representation in 
the university being perhaps the 
most striking, II said Saxon. 

" But it must also be remem-
bered that the UC aim is to provide 
access to all individuals-... the UC 
response to the needs of its Chicano 
constituency must be part of that 
larger aim." he continued. 

Saxon said that he agrees with 
the Task Force recommendation 
that more Chicano students should 
be attracted to UC. The report and 
Saxon also concurred that in-
creasing the number of Chicano 
graduate will also increase the 
ability of UC to identify and em-
plo qualified Chicanos within UC. 

Current U Activity 
However he did not agree with 

the suggestion that a statewide 
commission be e tablish d to deal 
with Chicano affirmative action. ' I 
am in g neral oppo ed to the 
prom ration of c mmittt!eS at the 
university-wide lev 1 on th 
ground that they creat an 
erroneous per eption of how and 
where he Uniyerslty' main 
fun tion take place," axon said. 
" Campu will need to think 
thr ugh which advisory tru u 
if any, t s rv the ne 
Chi ano and of the 

!>n also pok 

activity to rectify the problems 
annuniciated in the Chicano Task 
Force report. He cited current 
programs in admissions, the Equal 
Opportunity Program, financial 
aids, academic and staff per-
sonnel, career development and 
cooperative extension programs. 

Saxon called upon the state 
legislature to earmark additional 
funds to improve UC programs for 
Chicanos and other minorities. 

Third to 
Sponsor Nuke 
Debate 

by Tama Takahashi 
Staff Writer 

Third College is sponsoring a 
debate on the Nuclear Power Plant 
Initiative, Proposition 15, this 
Saturday April 17th, 1976. Provost 
Joe Watson said, "The decision of 
the voters will have a major im-
pact on the future of nuclear power 
and energy policies not only of 
California but the United States as 
a whole." 

The debate on Proposition 15, 
which will be on the November 
ballot, is set for Saturday morning 
at 10:00 in the Mandeville 
Auditorium. 

Energy Cri is Impact 
Third College dedicated to In-

creased minority participation in 
the University of California and 
American society, chose nuclear 
power as a topic because, ac-
cording to Watson, " It is our belief 
and concern that any harmful 
economic, social or environmental 
circumstances which result from 
policie designed to address the 
energy crisis will have their 
everest impacts on th e least 

influential in our ociety-Iow-
income people and minorities." 

The d bate will cover two 
aspects of nuclear energ : 
technical and ci ntific issu sand 



...,1 I • rlf .. 11 •• OM'S Friday, April 11, 1171 
~~~;:;:;~:;:;:;~:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:~;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;: :::;:\::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::;:::::::::::::;:::::;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::~:::::::::::::::;:::;:;:;:;:;:;::: ::::::::::::: :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::,::::::::::::::: :::::':::':::::<::::::':':'::::::: :::::::::;:;:;:::::: 
~ Letters to the E itor 11:: I Tenure Denial Opposed I Nuclear Power Plants: 
~i:i: It has come to oo:r attention From CAPE t "USA's Sitting Ducks" 
:;:;; that really good teacittn at this . ••• ;;:;' Like Mr. G. E. Kidd I heard 
:1 school are not receiving tenure. :r engineer Gregory Minor speak on 
1 ~? A. case in point li Professor It has been brought to our attention by several of his students that :} Proposition 15 on campus April 
w: Will Wrilbt ci the DeJ;artment ci Dr. Will Wriglt of the Department of Sociology has been denied ;:::: 3rd. Uke Mr. Kidd I asked him a 
Ii Sociology. tenure. Due to these students' interest and Dr. Wright's continual ::;:: question, which he answered well, 
:;::i Professor Wright has been improvement in CAPE evaluations, the CAPE Collective has sent the t: but too briefly. 'You gave Mr. Kidd :ji~ :~.~e ':as :enOUno~~ ~n:inrfe:~~e:rs'::l~i/:d t~~B~~ ~~c::e~~ ....... :i ... : .. :! ...... :·.i ....... :' ....... :. r5 c~:~ ~~~tb~:t,~x:,.~~ f for "Best Teacher of the Year" at Academic Senate. point for it. :::~ M'.&ir College more than once. His CAPE welcomes any student input and information on tenure In times of w!,r, prime targets g CAPE reviews have been ex- ed . I ' f h ha be 11 are munitions dwnps, power sites :t cellent and have steadily im- t~e;::es mvo vmg pro essors wove proven to exce ent I: and such. A missile strike on a 
t i proved since his arrival at U~D. TIlE CAPE COlLECTIVE :{ nuclear power plant could multiply 
::::: When Will Wright taught an In- ::;:: the effectiveness of the weapon 
t: troductory sociology class 2. HOW MUCH STIMULATION OF YOUR INTELLECTUAL CURIOSITY !t five to ten times over, and 
!:i:i (Sociology IB) winter quarter, he INTERESTING HIGHLY RESPONSES :t locations are always well known. i~:~i was much preferred over the f{',ZZ ... (2, (3) (~, (5) t: To pock mark this state with sitting t~ other professor teaching the OPCT. OPCT. 10PCT. 13 PCT . 7~ PCT. 0 ~~~~ )68:) duck targets in advance of 
::::: same course. } ! disarmament and firm SALT r: It isn't often that you find a :} agreements is industrial !I professor who is so well-liked In 3. RATE THE COURSE AS A LEARNING EXPERIENCE :r irresponsibility courting national 
it ourexperienceatU~D,wehave WASTE OF TIME FAIR ONEOFTHEBEST RESPONSES t suicide. 
t: found very few good teachers. It <1, (2) (3, (4) (5) (NA) ~:~ Already each side can destroy 
:} is for this reason that wefeeithat OPCT. 2 PCT. 7 PCT . 15 PCT . 73 PCT. 0 PCT . 169 ~:i the other manifoldly - and all 
:m: such effective teachers should be 4. RATE LECTURE CLARITY } beyond once is sheer waste in over-
!f valued and protected like a rare TOO ABSTRACT CLEAR RESPONSES .) kill - and the USA if far more 
if species. It seems that research is TOO DETAILED (NA) :::' vulnerable than the USSR or PRC 
:f more highly valued at this ~1~CT . ~2~CT .: 7(;) peT . lJ4) PCT. 4 (5JCT. 0 PCT . 168 :::. Our private utilities threaten \IS t: University than is teaching. As 'a J with extreme vulnerability to a 
t: result we find that many T d ·.~l.:\ dictator in Guatemala or Israel or 
!:i:i professors here are so involved in 0 F re Davl's 
i) their research that teaching ••• t P lace The 
::::: becomes secondary. As students t 
:f at this school we object strongly We understand that Dr. W. Wright is facing some opposition to his :? 
::::: to this. tenure appointment in the Sociology Department. We have conducted I 
r: We feel that teaching ef- our usual survey in his Soc. IB class Winter Quarter and have been :::: if fectiveness should be heavily very impressed with his excellent reviews. This evaluation has just f 
it weighed in decisions regarding been processed and we felt you should have an opportunity to examine :::: 
:::;: tenure. If this criterion had been it. '{ 
:t used regarding Professor Please notice in the enclosed printout the outstanding responses to :::: 
t: Wright's tenure, we feel con- questi.ons 2, 3, and 4 (stimulation of intellectual curiosity, learning ~.!.: . . i.i. 
:f fident that he would not have expertence, and lecture clarity). Over 70 percent of the students gave }! been fired. As Will Wright has him the highest possible ratings in each of these categories. :::: 
::::: published one book, with another Dr. Wright's CAPE ratings have continually improved since he :~:i 
t: in progress, we fail to see what came to UCSD, and this latest printout is truly. exceptional. Since .;:: 
t: justification the Sociology tenure CAPE's function is to help maintain teaching excellence at this .:.: I~~~~~:::i~ii:iihi",~:~:i:~,,~:,:~~:l~,,:::::,,::,,:=~i~;;i~;iJ 
GSU Saville Demand Called Money-Grubbing 
To the GSU: 

Well! You have finally made the 
big mistake. 

In your ludicrous demand for the 
resignation of Jonathan Saville you 
have revealed yourselves as the 
money-grubbing hypocrites you 
really are. Far from being corr 
cerned about the quality of un-
dergraduate education, you have 
shown that you care only about 

what you get out of the deal. 
"Screw the stUdents," you are 
saying, "we want our paychecks!" 

You have the unmitigated gall to 
rate an instructor of the caliber of 
Saville on the basis of the number 
of TA's he hires to occupy the time 
of the students in his class. You fail 
to realize that the only need for a 
system of education using TA's 
stems from the failure of that 

system to provide adequate In-
structors. The unconcerned In-
structor who truly wishes to irr 
sulate himself from the students 
does so by erecting a wall of 
subordinates, namely TA's, which 
the students are forced to deal 
with. It is this wall, this inac-
cessibility that causes the 
"coldness and impersonality of the 
large lecture hall." 

Blame on 
Mosshammer 

Or. Jonathan Saville, associate 
professor of literature, is teaching 
Hwnanities 7, spring quarter,I976. 
The course has an organization and 
structure different from other 
courses in the humanities 
program, in that there are three 
lectures each week rather than two 
lectures and a section meeting. At 
the time the schedule for spring 
quarter was prepared, I was 
chairman of the Revelle College 
Hwnanities Committee, charged 
with the oversight of the program. 
It was I who approved, im-
plemented, and scheduled all 
Hwnanities courses for the spring 
quarter. including that of 
Professor Saville. Any criticism of 
the structure of that course should 
therefore be directed against me. 

No teaching assistantships have 
been eliminated from the program 
<luring spring quarter. Fur-
thermore, Professor Saville's 
course cannot be interpr.eted as a 
trial for any future elimination of 
teaching assistantships. Both the 
Hwnanities Committee and the 
Provost of Revelle College have 
consistently maintained that more 
teaching assistantships are needed 
Cor the program, not less. As a 

Continued on Page 8 

anyplace. 
E~nomic, domestic and In-

ternational security dictate the 
development of many kinds of 
power sources, with nuclear and 
minimum number. Furthermore, 
the USSR is being far more 
cautious in its nuclear power 
generation than are US private 
interests for whom the taxpayers 
have already paid the costs ci 
research and development. 

HARRY C. STEIN MENTZ, 
INSTITUTE FOR 

CONTINUEO I..EARNING 
OF UCSD EXTENSION 

Why Does 
KiddOppose 
Prop. 15~ 

Mr. Kidd's letter of l~st week 
('IT, April 7), opposing the Nuclear 
Safeguards Act, Proposition 15, 
was incomprehensible to me. I 
could not understand, on the basis 
of what he said, why he opposes it. 

As I understand the proposition, 
it would, after one year, remove 
limits of liability for damage 
caused by radioactive materials 
escaping in an accident; and after 
five years it would require nuclear 
plants to demonstrate effective 
safety systems and effective 
storage of radioactive waste " with 
no reasonable chance... of 
escape." It these provisions are not 
met in the specified times, then 
nuclear plants not meeting them 
would be allowed to operate at only 
60 percent capacity, and would be 
derated a further 10 percent per 
year after that, until the conditions 
are fulfilled. 

These provisions seem innocuous 
enough if the nuclear plants do 
have effective safety and storage 
systems. (If they do not, they 
should not run until they do, in my 
opinion.) Contrary to a radio ad I 
heard, the Act would in no way 
"shut down nuclear power plants." 

I think that we, the public, should 
require that these plants run 
safely, demonstrated to our 
satisfaction, and not leave the 
situation to the "experts," as some 
have suggested. Therefore, I am 
curious about the opposition. Mr. 
Kidd, I wish you would tell us your 
reasons for opposing Proposition 
15. 

EVAN FLETCHER 

An instructor of Dr. Saville's 
teaching brilliance, with the 
courage and the sensitivity to buck 
this system deserves applause, not 
censure. An organization that calls 
for the resignation of this rare 
bright spot in the generally dismal 
level of instruction at this 
University' suffers from a criminal 
disregard for education. So much 
for the altruistic " we're doing it all 
for you, little undergraduate 
brothers and sisters." 

I wonder, although your context 
would attempt to contradict this, 
what . you really mean when, 
toward the end of your article, you 
bemoan " the end of university 
instruction as we know it at UC-
SO ... " Could it be that faced with a 
system needing change, you have 
responded with conservatism? 
Could it be that the GSU has 
become reactionary? 

MaritWoolber 
Managing Edllor 

Jolin H. Taylor 
Eclitor·ln-ehiel James G. Solo 

Cily Edilor 

You may speak for yourself; you 
have utterly lost my support. 

BARRY CARLTON 

Chorus of' Support for Jonathan Saville 
UCSO's Finest Educational Resource One of UCSD's Best Professors 

Allow me to add my voice to the chorus of support 
which will inevitably al'i e on behalf of Jonathan 
Saville in response to '.he unbelievably contorted and 
unfair allegations from the GSU, published in the 
Triton Times on April 12. 

At the risk of being redundant, let me say that 
Jonathan Saville is one of the finest educational 
r sources that UCSD can lay claim to, and J can only 
conclude that the GSU's apocalyptic peroration 
sterns Crom a I ss than altruisti motIVation. 

Heaven help us from saviors uch as these! 
PETER KAIROFF 

The unsigned GSU letter demanding Jonathan 
Saville's resignation is an example of why some 
graduate students, including myself, have withdrawn 
from GSU membership. The GSU has gone far 
beyond its original purpo and goals in its rhetoric 
and actions. It no longer speaks for me. 

Most of the GSU letter is beneath comment , but for 
the record let me state my opinion that Jonathan 
Saville is one of UCSO's best in lructors . His classes 
are always inter sting, stimulating, exquisitely 
planned, and highly informative. 

VICfOR KYT ASTY 
LITERATURE GRAOUATESTUOENT 

MarltSlldlet 
News Edilor 

Craig Uchld. 
Opinion Edilor 

Nanlan Moyer. 
Pholo Edilor 

Alan Russell 
Arts EdUor 

SIan wrllers 
Ran Anbar 

Ey Iyn Barala 
Belsy Ch.men I 

Bnan DaVIS 
Rob,n OcAI ux 
Sle ye Esmedona 

Calhy Fllzmaurlco 
John Hdlp.nn 
Cra,g Jacloson 

Ron KaIO 
Scoll Sad .1 

Kpn Sl .panov 
T naTaththa hi 
c...y Thoml)~On 

Vrra M I rodorov 
N,ck Vdn()(;Ur 
Debo,.,Wrtlf'r 

Wendy Eagle 
Olilce ManagOf 

• ri.oll • i nl(~ 
UCSan Olago 

Special wrilers 
Ch rlos Haimler 
Edward Somons 

Busln ... 
P nae lilli Ion 
Doug Mooney 
Jenn.fer lack 

Assls lanl Maflll9ing Edilor 
Kn Sltn W 

Produclion 
Becky DeV,nney 
Shouna Sloke~ 

Sara J . Lowen 
Community Edllor 

Kenzie Nicoli 
Business Manager 

D ... e Els.., 
Sports EdilOr 

Tim MacKenzie 
Criticism Editor 

Pholography 
Pau l Jarvis 

Sharon ROberl S 
B.II Brooks 

Mark Gomez 
Joan Finkle 

Copy 
Su n Nealon 

Os. 
N d.ne Lindn 

IIhl$lr .. or. 
Mark Aobb 

Sl ey Skubon 
B,II Po"onn I 

,-

• 

~. 

• 

·1· 

• 

... 

1 

Fliday,AprUlI,uns 

Commentary 

American Media Should 
Study Every Nations' Views 

by Cathy Fitzmaurice 
Staff Writer 

The President's peer ... "it's all we've got." 
Last week, David Halberstam spoke of the network news programs 

replacing Congress as the only institution which can check on the 
President actions with equal power. Though he said he was not giving an 
"optimistic" view of the media, Halberstam said that by watching a 
national news program, and by reading several of the major newspapers, 
a person could come up with a somewhat well-informed view of what is 
going on in the world. 

Is this true? It is possible that this person had received, in depth, the 
American view of what is going on, but to get a full view, I have always 
felt one had to look at the opposing views also. You never hear Walter 
Cronkite begin his news programs with, "here is what happened today 
and how the opposing factors view it. We will illustrate how their basic 
assumptions differ from ours." 

Today, only in the crevices of the sub-culture can one find people who 
have any compassion for other nations whose thinking and actions differ 
radically from our own. Historians attribute much importance to the 
ethnocentric training of populations as being a prerequisite to war. Today 
when we have the "imperial television," which can bring other views, 
and new opinions into every home, people are still brought up only to 
know what their siqe asswnes to be going on. 

Even in young people, tl)e "cold war mentality" stiJI exists. If the 
media was aware of present needs, it would try to overcome this 
ethnocentricity by presenting the views of other nations. Having these 
views presented nightly, along with a factual summary of events and a 
presentation of American views a better idea of America's role and a 
realization of what is actually happening can be developed properly. 

What are a "nation's views?" One can say that the basic assumptions 
of the majority of the American people are as follows. They are richer 
and freer than any other people because of hard work, the right values, 
luck and the right kind of government. America's role in the world is to 
put down power-hungry foreign (and domestic) revolutionaries, who, for 
entirely selfish reasons, are trying to con the masses into helping them 
set up totalitarian governments. 

This is a kind of generalized summary of what one nation thinks is 
going on. If the news media were to take the asswnptions of each nation 
and use their information gathering facilities to examine those assump-
tions, a great service would be done for all. It would not then be, as 
Halberstam correctly put it, "taking from the nation more than it is 
giving." _. 

There would be difficulties in implementing the above proposal, but I 
think the value of the service would make the trouble worthwhile. 
Perhaps the biggest difficulty would be in getting the three big networks 
to try it. In response to a question ending with, " who is going to save us 
from these saviors? - who is going to protect us from these networks 
which are supposedly our check against the President, but who will also 
sometimes distort reporting to serve his needs?- Halberstam replied 
that the media is "all we have," and that it's better than anything 
elsewhere. 

Halberstam was proud of the role of the press, and later of the network 
news in the downfall of Nixon. The press in those days did not sit back and 
say, "well, he's all we have and probably better than what they have 
elsewhere." Halberstam's upcoming book about CBS, however, may 
provide a fuller answer. 

&\ttentio't 
c-~uir G.raduating ~el{ioi<fi 

The Muir Graduat ion Committee is looking for interested Mu ir 
graduating sen iors to speak at Commencement, Sunday, June 13. If 
interested please submit a short 1 page essay describing topic and 
con tent of proposed speech to Bobbie Gray in the Mu ir Dean 's 
Office by Friday, April 23. 

April 16 
6:30 

8:30 

April 17 
6:30 
7:30 

Friday and Saturday Films 

Episodes 1 & 2 of The Prisoner 

"()[)II<~ II .. IS 
(In'llc)l1l 

2 Charlie Chaplin Cla .. ln 

--------------

Episode 3 of The Prisoner 

Low 
Blows 

~ 8bort 
History 

Page 3 

and Cheap ~erical1 
Natiol1 by Edw.rd Simons Shots 

PARTDI 
This installment wiJI examine the period of 

American colonial life about 1660, when Charles II 
was giving the English the lash and making them like 
it, to the beginnings of the ' American Revolution, 
when the American colonist revolted the English and 
just about everybody else in the world. 

The only exception was France, which itself was 
quite revolting. But more about that in a later irr 
stallment. This one is concerned with vignettes of 
American life in those halcyon days of tobacco and 
plagues. 

Matters finally came to a head in 1676 when Indians 
again attacked Jamestown. Why the Indians attacked 
is not terribly clear, some sources saying they did it 
for reasons of economic necessity, others saying it 
was all a gag, done to get a few laughs from the 
settlers. Whatever the reason, though, the Indians did 
a pretty good job of it and might have destroyed the 
town if it weren't for Nathaniel Bacon. He raised the 
small army and defeated the Indians after Berkeley 
had,tried and failed . 

Perceiving Bacon as his nemeSis, Berkeley called 
the man a rebel. Bacon, who had never had anything 

Bacon's Rebellion good to say about Berkeley, then brought his men into 
To anyone who has read the previous chapter, it town and forced thl' governor to call elections for a 

should corne as no surprise that the bloody business new Assembly. The new Assembly promptly imposed 
now called Bacon's Rebellion took place in that great taxes on the governor's advisors, who had before 
watershed of avarice and stupidity-Jamestown, been exempt, and repealed the law requiring all 
Virginia. voters to own property. 

Mind you, now, in the late 1660's colonial Virginia Things probably could have gone reasonably 
didn't have much to offer the casual passerby in the smoothly from here had not Gov. Berkeley been such 
way of creature comforts, resources or anything else. an intransigent, snuff-addled moron. Once things had 
But what there was, was greedily sought after. settled down somewhat and Bacon was off once again 

The governor of Virginia at the time was Sir fighting the Indians for the greater glory of 
William Berkeley, an Oxford graduate once Jamestown, Berkeley again declared him a rebel. 
suspected of writing plays. Berkeley had been ap- This time, Bacon threw restraint to the winds. He 
pointed governor of Virginia by Charles I in 1641. But and his men carne into Jamestown and, in a moving 
after Chas. I was given the axe, he realized that gesture of mercy, burned the damned place to the 
cowardice was the better part of staying alive and foundations. Gov. Berkeley, who could spot a trend as 
willingly gave his governorship to one of Crom'well's well as anyone , made for the high ground in 
hencruoen. This was 1652. Maryland. 

He came back to power after the death of the But still it wasn't finished . Bacon fell ill and died 
parliamentary governor and was later conunissioned within the year. Without Bacon, the rebellion fell 
by Charles II . There were rumors of foul play, so apart. Berkeley seized the opportunity and 
Berkeley outlawed cockfighting and squelched his Jamestown by 1677. And just to show that there were 
critics. no hard feelings, Berkeley and his cohorts hunted 

Besides being a playwright, Berkeley was also an down and killed most of Bacon's followers. 
inventor. He built a political machine and, with the But this was too much, even for Charles II, who had 
aid of the larger planters (250 lbs. or more ) in the killed a few people himself. Chas. , in the interest of 
area, began to milk the colony for all it was worth. saving the colony from total destruction, finally 

One of his first moves was to guarantee the right to recalled Berkeley and peace once again settled 
vote to all property owners. Another product of his uneasily upon Jamestown, Virginia . Totally urr 
enlightened administration was the Navigation Act, deserved, of course. 
which had the practical effect of lowering the price of 
tobacco and raising the cost of shipping. . The Salem Witch Trials 

Unfortunately for Berkeley, most of the people in The Commonwealth of Massachusetts (as it prefers 
and around Jamestown were not card-carrying to call itself) may never make the list of the most 
members of the landed gentry. They rather resented tolerant places on Earth. It may never come close, in 
not being allowed to vote on matters which they fact. From the Salem witch trials, to the banning of 
amusingly thought concerned them. Furthermore, books, to the (these days ) banning of races, one 
the Navigation Act was making paupers of all of comes away from the place with a bad taste . 
them. Continued on Page 4 

(;;;;;~;;~-~;;;~;:;) 
I I 

I AVAILABLE : I I 
I I I Whats an intern? Students stipended ( approximately $ 1500 yr.) to I 
I w~r~ in various administrative offices on campus directly with ao- I 
I . ~Inlstr.ators : ~ct as student-administrator liasons, provide student I 
I vle~polnt Within the office as well as work on projects valuable to the I 

office and the campus community . 
II Internships will be offered in the fol/owing offices for the 1976-77 II 

academic year . 
I I 
I I 
I Vice Chancellor Academic Affairs Housing & food services I 
I Academic Senate Planning office I 
I Vice Chancellor Administration Student affairs-student om. I 
I Business office budsman I 
I Chancellor's office Vice Chancellor student affaio"S I 
I Computer center and an intern coordinator 
I facilities Management : 
I I 
I I 
I I 1111 (;UAI U£141()1< 

1111 (IKI) 
2 more Charlie Chaplin great. 

I Come to an information session ' Pick up referrals at StUdent Employment I 
I Friday, April 16 or . office by Friday, April 23. Call Ron, I 
I Friday, April 23 at x4023 for further information. I 
I 10 am, North Conference Room Student I I Center. I 
'------------- ------------------' 

$1 all in USB 27'12 .. _--



Friday, Aprill., 1171 
" 

Gallop: PFOple's Mood Optimistic, But... Coop Approves IT Space 
by Sara Lowell Diego on the history of polling and As well as the famed Gallup . 

CommaJlity Ed! r the mood of the American people. political preference polls, the by KeD Stlponov The Coop also r~al1ed the JIve 
" The college studenls of today Gallup's comment on students organization has conducted polls Staff Writer . members of the Chalrpers~s Pool. 

have been misnamed the selfish came after his organization polled on the mood of the American The Stu~nt Cooperative voted It was felt the pool had not 
generatioo. Our polls have in- them on their interests and con- people, their hopes and concerns Monday rught to approve a space perfonned adequately. ~any saw 
dicated that students baven't lost cerns. The poll fOWld that there are and their knowledge on current allocation plan for the Student the need. for a restructunng ~f the 
the' f the o.'\d" more students involved in issues. Center that would put the Triton pool, whIch could be accomplIShed ~~':"" on~ of ~ n~ber of volunteer work than ever before. Optimis tic but Cooeerued Times office in the center, but not by selecting a new pool. . 
observations made by pollster This is only one of a number of Americans are optimistic about in the second floor spot originally . !i0 new pool was.estab~lShed and 
George Gallup Tuesday night in a polls that Gallup has conducted on the economy, but they're still designed. for It. It IS u,nclear who WIll chair the next 
speech at the University of San the mood of the American people. concerned with inflation and ~bjectlons .to the plan w~re mee.:..;..;,t;..;,lD;::::g;.,.. _______ _ 

unemployment, Gallup said. This raIsed primartly over the location ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Low Blows ... 

Some people blame this on the Puritans who settled there, and it may 
be true the Puritans were just a shade more intolerant than the average 
Joe. Other people blame Massachusetts' intolerance on the fact that 
Jamestown was settled first, Because of this, people of Massachusetts 
feel they continually have to do something to draw attention from all the 
action in Jamestown. However, the truth, the theory goes, is that 
Massachusetts feels like Brand X when compared to Virginia. 

lOla SlsteeD baDdred aDd DiDety-two, 
We bUDg the wltcb tIllsbe turned blue ... " 

As it turned out, the temperate settlers of Salem drowned 19 witches 
altogether. The reason most often given for the Salem witchcraft delusion 
is " inspired preaching" by the Mather boys, a family of preachers in the 
Salem area in those days. This, of course, leaves the question, " Inspired 
by whom?" 

There were two Mathers involved in the trials, Cotton Mather and his 
father, Increase Mather. Both were related to the infamous Rather 
Mather of England who, in the waning years of his life , hanged dogs for 
harbouring the souls of devils, ' 

It all started when a girl in Salem started giving her mother some lip. 
Her mother didn't much like it and told the preacher, who deduced the girl 
must be a witch. But, just to be fair, they gave her a trial. 

The girl, for whatever reasons, had enemies. They convulsed and spoke 
nonsense on the stand and said, yes, Sally was giving them the evil eye. 
Faced with such incontrovertible evidence, Mather had no choice but to 
give the girl the final test. 

Are you a witch, Mather asked her. No, was her reply . 

concern with the economy has long of the Women's Center, which 
been the primary interest of according to the members present, 
Americans, Gallup said, adding is too small. 
that throughout the Watergate BudgeVResource Group (BRG) 
scandal, people were more member Steve Wellington said the 
concerned with the ecdnomy than BRG had done the best it could but 
with Watergate. that many groups had been 

The primary local concern of allocated less space than they 
people, he said, is crime. Forty- desired. 
five percent of the American PoteDtlal Coonlct 
people are afraid to walk in their According to BRG member 
neighborhoods affer ' dark, the Monty Reid , the UC San Diego 
pollster said. administration may only accept a 

Gallup says he fears that plan that puts the Triton Times in 
Americans are getting to the point the space designed for it. 
when they will give up freedom for He said that since the Coop has 
security, endorsed the plan, most major 

On the political scene, Gallup student groups on campus were on 
said that a poll done by his firm record in opposition to the Triton 
indicated that none of the active Times moving into the second floor 
Democratic candidates will go to area, 
the convention with enough can- Any administration moves to put 
didates to get the nomination. This the Triton Times in the original 
would lead to a brokered con- space would be a direct con-
vention in which Hubert Humphrey frontation of student wishes, said 
would get the nomination, he said, Reed. 

Attention graduating Reve lle 
seniors. If you have not completed 
a graduotion questionnaire, please 
drop by the Revelle Provost Office 
to vote for 0 speoker for the 
commencement ceremony, and for 
the putstand ing professors in 
Math/ Science and Human-
Hies/ Social Science Departments. 
Be sure ta vote by May 1 so thot 
your choices can be considered. 

Will we surrender the option of 
taking 198's for a grade instead of 
only Pass/ Not Pass? Administrators 

. make the decisrons that make l ife 
eosy for them so students have to 
look aut for themselves. We need 
to coordinate an action center. 
Come to the Student Co -op 
meeting Monday night from 6:30 to 
about 8 in the Student Center North 
Conference Room . Also on the 
agenda: At Large Budget Resources 
Group member nominotions. 

-So they drowned her as a lying witch. Had she said yes, she would have 
been drowned in the state of grace and would have gone to heaven. 

If Humphrey were matched 
against Ford, the President would 
be re-elected by a 49-46 margin 
over Humphrey, Gallup predicted, ruc cEa.n. :DiL90 Ca.mpw.. q:>'Lo9'ta.m !.Boa'ld Pu.un.u 

Things got out of hand and 18 more women were drowned before the 
people of Salem figured they were in the wrong. They later put out a letter 
asking for forgiveness for their actions, which no doubt came as a great 
comfort to those who had a witch in the family . There were no witches, 
the letter said. 

Of course there weren't, They were all taken care of during the Spanish 
Inquisition. 

In other action around the world, Captain Vitus (Ball) Bering 
discovered Alaska in 1740. Considering the captain's malodorous 
reputation as a navigator and the sheer bulk of Alaska, one is tempted to 
suspect Alaska discovered Bering and not the other way around. 

Benjamin Franklin was flying a kite in a thunderstonn in 1752 when he 
discovered electroshock therapy. This proved his long standing notion 
that lightning was electriCity. It also ruined his kite, 

The French and Indian War (1754-63), which later spread to Europe and 
became known there as the Seven Years' War, had the practical effect of 
getting the French the hell out of America. It also showed the colonists 
how the British could be defeated. 

In 1753, the governor of Virginia sent George Washington to Ohio to 
warn the French to keep off British-claimed land of the Ohio River 
Valley. The French told the 21-year old Washington that not only were 
they going to stay where they were, but they were also going to take over 
the entire Ohio Valley. 

The British, who since time immemorial have felt it their duty to kill 
Frenchmen, decided it was time to kill a few more. Unfortunately for the 
BritiSh, it wasn't quite so easy. 

The British had two things going against them from the start: their 
affection for bright red unifonns and their unreasonable love for march-
ing in close formation. 

In '55, Gen. Braddock marched his troops to Crown Point on Lake 
Champlain to engage the French troops in a marathon quoits com-
petition. The French and Indians, though, easily ambushed the British 
and nearly wiped them out while still a few miles from Crown Point. 

The French commander in America, the Marquis de Montcalm, used 
this kind of strategy over and over again with great, if boring, success. 

The tide finally changed in 1757. That year, William Pitt, England's 
prime minister, began pouring men and supplies into America. 

With the surrender of Montreal in 1760, the French empire in America 
came to an end. Great Britain gave Louisiana to Spain and took Canada in 
exchange for two outfielders. 

But now, Britain was up to her ruffled collar in bad paper, The war had 
been expensive, very expensive, and now someone had to pay. Looking at 
it the British way, who had gained from the war? The colonists of course. 

So, to pay off her war debt, Parliament passed a bill called the Stamp 
Act. This happened two years after the Treaty of Paris, which ended the 
war in 1763, 

As later events proved, the Stamp Act was not among Britain's 
legislative coups. 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

come and hear 
Dr. John Wight, D.O. 

on 

The first Gallup poll was taken in 
1935 by Gallup's father. When that 
first poll was released people 
denounced the elder Gallup as a 
charlatan. The denWlciations have 
continued, mostly from those who 
think polls have too much influence 
on the direction of American 
politics. 

Poll Approved 
However, in a recent poll taken 

on polls, 67% of Americans sur-
veyed indicated that they approved 
of polls and feel that the leaders of 
America should follow the views of 
the public more closely. 

However, in a recent poll taken 
on polls, 67 percent of Americans 
surveyed indicated that they ap-
proved of polls and feel that the 
leaders of America should follow 
the views of the public more 
closely. 

Responding to the charge that 
polls have too much influence on 
politics, Gallup said that pollsters 
have found there is little evidence 
of surveys creating a bandwagon 
effect, persuading· voters to sup-
port a candidate because he is 
ahead in a poll. 

The public is motivated by issues 
close to home, personality and 
party loyalty in voting, Gallup 
concluded. 

I\NNOUNCEMENT 
Helicon, UCSD poetry journal, is 
now accepting orig inal poems from 
students, faculty and staff for its 
spr ing 1976 issue. Include name, 
address, phone number and 
association with campus. No more 
than 4 poems per author. Send to 
Campus Mai l Code C005 cl o Poetry 
Journal. 

"You can't 
hold back 
the dawn" 

This Sunday 1 0 :45am 
715 Silverado 

Present this coupOn with your meal at the 
unique SpIce Rack " Garden" Restauranl in Pacific 
Beach and you'll get rolted. Free. Take home half a 
dozen of the tastiest home·made ralls or muffins 
you've ever met Tl'lis otler IS good on Mondays thru 

La JollI 

Thursdays ~ 
YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE e.J~ . 

A GARDEN AESTIlUflANT 

Mission Blvd. near Grand in Pacific Beach 
offer good only 5 pm, l 0 pm, expire. May 31.t. TT 

in a. pu.CJu:'w con.c~'I.t (wm cJ/a.wa.i.i 

on the gym steps 

Wednesday, April 21 

NOON 

come hear them & let us know if you like them 

452-4090 

• • 

( '. 

r ., 

; 

' \ 

Friday, Aprlll., 1171 

Concert Scene 

Wings Rescheduled for June, 
Rankin, Guthrie to Appear 

The Paul McCartney and Wings 
concert originally scheduled for 
April 17 in San Diego has been 
rescheduled for J Wle 16. 

The entire United States 

1 
Kenny Rankin 

tour came to a halt when guitarist 
Jimmy McCulloch slipped and 
injured his left hand in the 
bathroom of his Paris hotel room. 
The accident occurred on March 26 
after Wings had concluded the 
third leg of their world tour. 

Wings first concert in the United 
States was to be played on April 8 
in Fort Worth, Texas, Paul and 
Wings decided not to cancel the 
tour or substitute a deputy lead 
guitarist. The temporary delay has 
only fueled the intensity of the tour 
as American audiences wait to see 
Paul McCartney on stage for the 
first time in ten years. 

Jimmy McCulloch said "What 
can I say? It is one of those things 
that happen and I'm sorry that the 
accident should cause such a 
carefully prepared plan to be 
rearranged, I'm obviously sorry to 

Third 

ha ve delayed the U.S. concerts and 
I hope our fans will remain patient 
until I get the cast off." 

Paul McCartney stated " We are 
all disappointed about the delay, as 
soon as Jimmy is playing again 
we'll be there. Jimmy is the one 
who is suffering the physical pain 
of a fractured hand and we just 
want him to get well quickly. " 

Pop singer Kenny Rankin will 
appear in concert at 8 p.m. tonight 
at the Civic Theater. 

Rankin's most recent album is 
entitled " Inside." He is best known 
for his 1967 song, " Peaceful," 
which has been made into a hit 
record by Helen Reddy. 

Arlo Guthrie of " Alice 's 
Restaurant" fame will be ap-
pearing Sunday at the Civic 
Theater. 

Linda and Paul M cCartney 

does it 

B.E.S. Geostaticn • 
speaker systems: 
their good looks 
say, "Come closer!" 
But their 
sound 
reaches 
out to you. 

The first thing about 
new B. E. S. speakers 
to grab you is their sleek, 
slim (3~ inches) non·enclosure styling. 

But even more important Is their clarity 
(thanks to no·cone, no·pi Ion technology). 
Their low di tortion. And their omnidirectional 
quality- radiating (not beaming) high notes as well 
as bass. You can hear full ·range stereo anywhere In the room 

Co'me take a look at the revolutionary B. E.S. Geostatlc 
peaker systems. And stay to hear a demonstration. 

They'll grab you! 

D~ 
i!9Systems 
RES .peaker sySI 'm. are pnced 01 $/29. $J89. $249. and $499 each 

LA JOLLA M Ie 
Phone 459·3375 

1128 Wall Street La Jolla, 'aHf 92037 

Page 5 

From Pulps to Movies: Howard Browne 
by Alan Russell 

Arts Editor 
After writing for 30 years and 

creating more than two million 
words in finished products, it 
would stand to reason that 
Howard Browne must be tired, or 
at least have a severe case of 
writer's cramp.· 

However, the novelist , 
screenwriter, and UC Extension 
teacher shows no signs of slowing 
down as he is concurrently 
writing a ninth mystery book 
along with a screenplay. 

Career Began 
Browne's writing career didn' t 

begin Wltil he was almost 30 
years old. A credit manager for a 
chain of furniture stores in 
Chicago, he found the task 
• ·onerous ." " There I was, 
working long hours six days a 
week, and fighting with people all 
day long," he said. "I knew I had 
to get out of that business, but as 
my wife sensibly pointed out, I 
didn't know how to do anything 
else. I had managed to get 
through high school by the skin of 
my teeth, but hadn't gone to 
college, so I decided to either 
become a writer or a politician, 
because I didn't think it took 
much brains to do either." 

After learning how to type, and 
finding the "only" good book on 
how to write by Jack Woodferd, 
Browne completed three stories 
for the newspaper syndicate, 
which years ago published daily 
short stories. The works were 
3ccepted by the Chicago Daily 
~ews, thus beginning his writing 
career. 

FortWle in the Making 
The " pulp" magazines, so 

called because they were printed 
on a cheap grade of paper, were 
very big in the 1930's and 1940's, 
and Browne's writings naturally 
gravitated towards that market. 
Luck was in Browne's favor, for 
a fter selling three stories to the 
same magazine (Mammoth 
Detective) he was offered the job 
as editor , even though he had no 
editorial experience. "It was the 
strangest interview in my life," 
he said. "I really didn't know 
what to say until they told me the 
salary I would be getting, which 
was about double what I was 
earning, and then I told them 
they had themselves an editor, 

Editor for such magazines as 
Mammoth Detective, Mammoth 
Mystery, Amazing Stories, and 
Fantastic Adventures for 13 
years, Browne one day received a 
call from a Warner Brothers 
producer who said, "I've read 
several of your books and I think 
you're suited for screenwriting. 

HIGH PAYING 
COLLEGE JOBS STILL 
AVAILABLE FOR THE 

SUMMER 
Call 459-4396 

Come on out and I'll put you to 
work," After going out there and 
writing several scripts, Browne 
went back to New York, and two 
weeks later received a contract 
in the mail to work for Warner 
Brothers. 

Commenting on his good for-
tune , Browne said, "Ygu have to 
have luck. I was very lucky. 
There are writers who are far 
better than I'll ever be and far 
better than many writers who are 
making a lot of money, but they 
never got a break. Their works 
are lying in the bottom of a trunk 
somewhere, " 

It was Browne's skill though, 
that kept him in Hollywood for 20 
years, in which time he wrote 
almost 150 television scripts for 
such shows as The Virginian, 
Destry, Longstreet, Cheyenne, 77 
Sunset Strip, Surfside 6, The 
Lawman, Bourbon Street Beat, 
Mannix, and many others. He 
was also a story editor for several 
shows, including the original 
Perry Mason, Destry, and 
Longstreet. 

A writer of five movie 
screenplays (three of which have 
been made, the other two with 
options taken out on), Browne 
has enjoyed successes from 
" Portrait of a Mobster," " The 
Saint Valentines Day Massacre," 
and " Capone." 

Teaching Career 
His teaching career started 

after moving to San Diego when 
he received a call from Arizona 
State asking him to come at their 
expense and give a lecture on 
television writing. The speech 
went over so well that they of-
fered him a job, but he turned it 
down. Publicity about his lecture 
trip in the San Diego papers 
alerted UC Extension to him, and 
he has taught large classes there 
for the last four quarters. 

The Triton Times interview 
with Browne revealed different 
aspects of his writings and the 

·world he worked under in 
Hollywood. 

11: Did you find writing for the 
pulp magazines invaluable ex-
perience toward screenwriting? 

Browne: It is a sad thing that 
there are no longer many pulp 
magazine markets , because 
more good writers came out of 
the pulps than any place else. As 
a pulp writer you had one thing 
you dare not do: bore the 
readers. The action had to come 
fast and continuous with the 
dialogue there to bridge the 
action. You had no time to sit 
around and think up a story, you 
just wrote a story. ] used to do 
eight pages a day five days a 

COP1ES 
3Y2· 1111:::. 
K_o. Z LOCAllOIfI 

t ... % nIIIC ... lM-lna 
'1.~Aft..,,,,,, 

week- 40 pages , Pay was 
something like three cents a 
word . It came to about $360 a 
week when that was a fortune. 
Sometimes you had to write for 
one CE:nt a word. 

11: Almost all of your books 
are mysteries. Your first novel 

Howard Browne 

though was somewhat, how 
would you say it, unusual? 

Browne : Yes. It was about a 
ero·Magnon man that lived 20,000 
years ago. I loved the Edgar Rice 
Burroughs stories, so when I 
decided to be a writer, I wrote in 
a style that was most familiar to 
me . It was rejec ted by 26 
publishers , I didn't know] had 
written a bad n':lve\. However, I 
sent it to publishers who wouldn 't 
have published it if it was the 
g reatest novel ever writ-
ten- religious publishers, poetry 
publishers, anything that would 
say publishers. The odd thing 
about it though is that it's a 
collector's item today. 

11: What are some of the 
pressures that are inherent in 
working for the film industry? 

Browne: There are those 
times, too many of them, when 
you have to stay up the whole 
night to finish a script. J once 
made the mistake of taking in two 
assignments-I was greedy, and 
I had to stall both producers 
while working very hard to get 
scripts out. It's an old axiom in 
television : " We don't want it 
good, we want it now, " 

TT: How has Hollywood 
Continued on Page 6 

IMPROVE ,our 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 
DICK RAKOW 281-4581 

UC San Die 0 Campus Program Board announcement: 

linlited number of 

tickets 

N OW On Sale for May 16 performance 

Get Yours Now UCSD Box Office 452-4559, 452-4090 



Pap' 

UFO_ 
siglungs by upwards of 20 wit-
nesses at once, ~L well as 
numerous instances oj] YI"Os being 
tracked on radar and even chased 
by Air Force pursuit jets. 

IDtenteUar ClviUzatioD 
Drawing an analogy from the 

development ot' spa~ travel on 
Earth within the span of less than a 
century, Friedman speculated that 
there are probably alien 
civilizations elsewhere in the 
galaxy who, having started a few 
million years earlier than us, may 
wen have in their possession 

Howard Browne ... 
changed over the years? 

Browne: The studios used to be 
. in charge of what went on the air. 
They would sell one of the net-
works a series, with the net-
works' job simply to take the 
film. After a time though, filmin8 
began to cost so much that the 
studios had to ask the networks to 
put up a guarantee. After the 
networks got their foot in the 
door, it was no longer much fun to 
work, and I don't think it ever will 
be again, because the networkS 
had the command over 

Anti-CIA. .. 
Some of the power held by the 

Regents must be redistributed into 
the UC and California community, 
Schey said. He indicated that this 
" has to become one of the key 
issues of the struggle." 

Another speaker, Marco Li Man-
dri, spoke on the successes and 
failures of the anti-CIA movement 
at UCSD. 

LiMandri told students they 
should be proud because " We've 
prevented David Saxon ... from 
feeling safe on this campus." 

UCSD Leadership 
In addition. he said, the 

demonstrations are on campus 
"giving strength to people at-
tempting to organize a statewide 

sophisticated techniques for in-
terstellar travel. "Intelligent 
critters have been traipsing 
around between the stars for 
eons, " he said. 

Later, in a question-and-answer 
session, Friedman speculated that 
the alien visitors might be 
anything from vacationing 
honeymooners or land developers 
to graduate students doing field-
work for their theses. 

After the lecture, Friedman also 
took a quick hand poll and found 
that about 40 out of the 300 people 
attending claimed to have seen 
UFOs. 

everything. Today you have Co go 
through a series of command to 
get anything. It becomes a 
bureaucracy-much more so 
than it ever was before . 

17: What do you regret about 
not being involved in the day t{) 
day life at Hollywood? 

Browne: I don't really miss it. 
The only thing I really regret is 
contact with friends. Sitting 
around talking shop. But I must 
tell you, there isn't one of my 
friends stiil busy in Hollywood 
who wouldn't trade places with 
me in a minute. 

demonstration." People all over 
the state are looking to UCSD for 
initiative, LiMandri added. 

But, the CIA and military are 
still on campus, LiMandri said, 
pointing to Urey Hall, where the 
AMES department is located, the 
Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, which he labelled 
as the Navy's west coast base. 

The only real way to get the CIA 
off campus, LiMandri concluded" 
is to change the economic system 
so there won 't be any need for such 
a organization. 

Students. then. have a "really 
simple choice," LiMandri said: 
they can work to continue the 
current economic system or " try to 
defend humanity. " 

The Triton Times is recognized by Ihe Communications Board of UCSO as Ihe official 
student newspaper. Publication is on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular school year (except on official holidays) . Edilorlal and business offices are 
localed in 117 Blake Hall on the Revelle College campus , Universily of California, San 
Diego. 

Lellers to lhe Editor and opln,on columns are welcomed . All submissions should be 
Iyped on a 74-space line on nonerasable paper. They should not exceed Ihree pages In 
lenglh double·spaced . The Trilon Times reserves the righllo edit submissions because 
of space lim,tat,ons or style reqUiremenls . 

For edlto"al . call 452·3466: for business and d,splay advertisemenls. call 452·3468. 
Enllre con lenls copyrighl I 976 , Trllon T,mes . 

SUPER SALE 
PRICES SLASHED 50% & more 

on oil paintings , framed prints etc . Standard and custom size frames 
start at $1.00 . Ovals , circles in gold & walnut. You'll never see prices 
like this again . We are not kidding!!! 
Everything must go . Sale starts Wednesday, April 14th 10·5 . One 
week only. Closed Sunday. 

Hurry! Four Corners Framing Gallery 
904 Kline Street La Jolla 
(in between Girard & Fay) 

, 

Califotnia Law Institute 
,t Santa Barbara 

Now accepting applications f"r 
Summer Session 

Sta-ting June 29 , 1976 
Fa II T erm-cClm mencing Septem ber 7, 1976 

Degree programs jeadlng to LLB or JD Degrees. Graduates Qualify for 
Callfornta Bar E~arT,lna!tons. 

TRANSFER STUDENTS ACCEPTED 
hr Ft. ................... r c. ...... 

• rlte .. ,.II .•. 

Law School Campu 
'2034 Alameda Padre Serra 
SonIa Ba,bara . Co . 93103 

Ph . ( 80S ) 963 .1567 

• rI •••• tllll('S Friday, AprD I', unI 

T RiYON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
fOR SALE 

Surfing LongJohn excellent cond ., very 
reasonable 453-0924 . (4 /t 9) 

For sale 1965 Chevrolet station wagon 283 
with 3 speed Iransmlsslon, quad tape deck. 
Runs very good . Musl sell $485. Call 753· 
7554 don't delay (4116) 

56 Chevry slandard Irans . 6 cyl . good engine 
and tires . $375 453-91 34. (4/16) 

FUJI special lourer 23" frame $130. Also 10 
spd racing bike $70. Call Jay Olson 421·7~3 . 
(4/16) 

Good down bag·3lbs fill , exIra long, 
walerproof Slull bag , excellenl condition . 
$60755·1020 . (4/16) 

67 Dodge camper van. V8 aulomatic . Good 
running condition . Call 453-5298 after 6 pm. 
(4116) 

For sale 1971 Kawasaki 175. like new only 
9000 miles equipped for slreet or dirt $475. 
Call 753·7554 . (4116) 

Tank pac & boot Craig B-1 rack home slereo 
call Rich 452-0410. (4/16) 

4wd. 1942 Dodge weapons carrier, 318 fair 
cond o Slooo. Call 273·5344 (4/16) 

Sunn concen bass 200 walls rms 2-15 In. 
speakers m,nl cond o $550 will separale 481 · 
0502 after 5 pm. (4116) 

U.s . divers twi" 52's plus regulator, worlh 
over $400, musl sell S125. Call 280-8561 keep 
Irying . (4/16) 

119 Toyola landcrulser xlnt condition, low 
mileage, many accessories. 453·0367 (keep 
trying) (4 123) 

Triumph 250. all new top end, new brakes , 
Dunlop K·70·s, 50 mpg , 19" fronl wheel, 
$400 Bill 452·8844 . (4116) 

Mllutani super s",.p, 23" chromalloy frame, 
chromed lugs and tips , new tubulars, very 
clean! Bill 453·8844 . (4 /19) 

Toyota Corofla 1970 S700 , call 453·2151 alter 
6 pm (4116) 

TV bl&w t year old 6-10 Inch. $50 Call 453-
2151 all. 6 pm . (4 /16) 

Raleigh Grand Prix la-speed. perfecl con· 
dilion, SIlO, call SIeve at 459·8556 eves. 
(4/16) 

Full-sized mattress and box spring . In good 
condition 535. Call 454-1618. (4116) 

Raleigh Gran Prix 23" excellent condition . 
Mike X4131 or755-6855. (41 t6) 

Baver cim super 8 movie ca mera man & aut. 
lelel wide .. accessories S90. Tripod St5. 
Call al 3:30 pm 264· 1274 (4 11 6) 

WANTEd 
Wanled-Judo G I for 6 ft male; good con-
dilion . 74~1290, Ron. (4/16) 

Addressers wanted Immediatefy l work al 
home·no experience necessary-excellent day 
wrile American Sel'\'ice 1401 Wilson Blvd. 
Suite 101, Arllnglon VA 22209. (5112) 

Need help with Ihe research process. 
Experience preferred. Payment Is negotiable. 
264· t 274. (4/16) 
Blond studenl needs ride from UCSD 10 San 
Diego Slate Monday at 3 pm and to SDSU 
rehat>ililalion center on Rulfln Road Wed· 
nesdays al 3:30 pm during Ihis quarter cail 
Gene 583-9793 eves ,f you can help. (4ft 6) 
Subjec ts needed for phonetic experlmenl. 
For details , call or see Sue. P&L 3126. exl. 
2537 . (6/4) 

• SERVICES 
B'ngo night Thurs . 4 /22176900-1200 Muir 5 
& Dime 25 cent & 50 cenl games . Prizes 
donaled by local merchanls . (4/16) 

Carpool needed from Chuia Vista Tues. & 
Thurs. classes 9-4. Please call Scott 427· 
7616. (4116) 

Cuslom grad announcemenls, wadding 
inv,tations . Onginal calligraphy at low cosl . 
453-0387. (4/23) 

Prof. thesis Iyplng. Qualily wOrk. great at 
cha rts & tables . Have electroniC , 
Anglneerlng. Greek symbols. located in 
Mission Valley . Don '1 wail to reserve lime for 
your Iyping . Call Linda , 28()'3343. (4130) 

Black Hole meellng/discusslon. N. conf . rm . 
51. cenl. t 1 :QQ.l :00 topic~ selflessness and 
anli·evolulion . (4/16) 

TypiSt. IBM lerm paper , thesis , dissertallon, 
elc . ediling . rush jobs . xerox 56(}.8171 , 452· 
1588. (613) 

Dumb Country Boy . You owe me one! 
sighhhhhhh Hearts Is still Ihe game. I'm 
waiting . (4/16) 

Lifejacket Lelcher- we're ready 10 bargain 
now. Don't hurt Omel we miss him much we 
are waiting . Wet & Dry (4/16) 

housiNG 
Female roommate needed 10 shate Del Mar 
apI , neat beach . Call 75~9471 • Claudia. 
(4123) 

Roommate needed: 2 br. apl . in Del Mar: own 
room, balhroom. Pool , laundry . 5 ml. from 
UCSDSI25/inc. ulil. John 452· 3466 . (4/23) 

Congenial M roommate wanled for Del Mar 
apl. Must be clean. Avail . May I -Sept IS. 
SI12 .50 per month + I i3 util. Call 755-3361 
anyllme. (4/16) 

;;;;;t= 

F roommate wanted own room II> blk to 
beach $100/mo 2 others only 1111 6121 
nonsmoker. Call 488-9758. (4/16) 

Sub-lease nice 2 bdrm place In Del Mar June 
10 Sepl . 1 blk 10 beach 5225 /mon . Call Jim or 
Irv 755-8180 . (4116) 

Summer exchange laculty: large Berkeley lIal 
2 .. bedrm frnshd yd Irplace near campus lor 
similar San Diego area. J . GreenbaYm 2501 
Woolsey. Be<1<eley. (513) 

I rm In duplex $120 4-1!P6 10 6-1~76 Del 
Mar. I blk . 10 beach call D8IIe or Steve _So 
481 -8549. (4/26) 

Roommale wan led al hOuse In UnlllBrslty 
City. Own room 85 plus utilities. Call 453-
9349 alter 6:00. (4116) 

Genesee Highlands , 3 bdrm, I l1>balh, 
localed on park. A·l cond o $315 . 453·8119 . 
(4/16) 

TRAVEl 
Soviel Union sludenl lour, 3 wk.: London · 
Lennlngrad . Moscow. Kiev . Yalla, Tblllsl , 
Kizhi 5749. 7114·8/4 . USC student travel, 
USC, L A. CA 90007 (213) 746-7561 . (4/21) 

Am Ihinking of louring Europe this summer· 
if inlerested in going 100 call Dave 452-9234. 
(4ft6) 

Don 't Delay Book bv Phone New Flights 10 
Europe (379+) South America (315+) ttoe 
Onent ( 499 + ) New York (189) Hawai i (189) 
Long 01 w flighls slill available immedia'e 
phone conf irmations call collecl WeslCoaSI 
Studenl Travel Counsel AVCO Cent'" 10050 
Wilshire LA 90024 213475-6665 .(614) 

Europe· lsrael -South America ·Sludent fllghls 
year round ISCA 11687 San Vlcenle Blvd .4 
LA CA 90049. (213) 626-5669. (614) 

EUROPE & TAHITi CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY . CIEE· 
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD IN· 
TERN ATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
'2·4pm . 452-0630. (613) 
Overseas jobs- Asia Australia . Alrlca . 
Europe . South America . All occupallons, 
$600-S2500. Invaluable experiences. Details 
25 cents . Internalional Employmenl 
Research. Bo. 389347 . Seallie . Wash . 98125 . 
14/1 9) 

LOST & fOUNd 
loSI set of keys on Muir Field. Has tiny 
Mex ican sandal allachad. Please call Sue 
452·9388 or relurn 10 T.T. (4116) 

LoSI: Sun April 12 Tex inslr calculator any 
info ptease phone: 278-8684 . (4/16) 

Would the person Ihal found my glasses. E. 
Gayes, please call me 81481-8637. (41 t6) 
lOSI : bICycle cable and lock, between bike 
shop and Muir. Relurn 10 KSOT by the 
sludenl center. 

....-....- ................................ T .................. ". .. 

NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY 
MEN AND WOMEN AGE 20 TO 28 

POST -GRADUATE EDUCATION 

NUCLEAR POWER TRAINING 

line Officer ~board nuclear 
powered subs and surface 
ships. one year post·graduate 
school. 

CIVIL ENGINEERS·M.E. E.E. ARCH. 

NUCLEAR POST-GRADUATE 
SCHOOL INSTRUCTORS 

Graduate degree preferred but 
B. con idered . 

NUCLEAR RESEARCH ENGINEERS 
Training at Bettis Laboratory , 
duty with division of naval 
reactors , graduate degree 
preferred. 

AERONAUTICAL ENGINEERING 
DUTY OFFICER 

All engineering majors 
Math, Physics. Computer 
Programming 
B.S. Aviation Management 

NA VY OFFICER INFORMA TlON TEAM 

will be Inlerviewlng at the 
Placement Center 

Tue. April 20 
9 a.m. to 3 p .m. 

• 

~. 

" 

Friday, April 1', 117. • rl'oll ~ I DieS Page 7 

>'~;;:~;::;~'''~~'Z:"';;:;;~';:';~;'I 
'.', 

offENSiVE 
by Craig Uchida 
The injury list at the Santa 

Barbara Tournament was in-
credible. 

The first day, there were 85 
casualties reported to the health 
center at UC Santa Barbara. Out 
of 64 men's and 12 women's 
teams (about 1100 players), the 
number was extraordinarily 

were not thoroughly dismayed. 
They knew there was little 
chance for a championship 
trophy this year, even before the 
tournament began. 

Scott SadiJ 

Run That Body Down 
It was even worse after win- iii! 

ning their first game. That vic- :::: 
tory, a squeaker over Fresno ? 
State University, meant par- t 
ticipation in the winner's t He figured he must be getting out of shape when she rolled over and 
bracket. It also meant a :::: asked entiCingly, " Again? " while he still felt like a morning after going 
separated shoulder to Kevin :::: ten rounds with Joe Frazier. And someone had forgotten to remove the 

Last year was a different story . 
Participating in the small 
schooVclub division and with 
such stalwarts as Bill Gates, Dick 

George. t heavy leather protectjve cup. 
From then on everything went .:,:, So he took jogging. 

- I -' 

:\ It was the natural choice. He lived in La Jolla . He was a student. And he I '";::;:':~:::::~oomenon w bUn. Who jog, ;n G.'Y. Indmo., 
.. Sure, there had been the track guys and a few fitness nuts, buthe had met 

: ..... :: ... :!:: ..... ::: ..... ::: ..... :I ~:~~~k:~!:~:~n .!:.:so~a:e :~~~d~";;e;::r~~~~e~~:y !~:~ ~~~ hav~ to be back at the furnaces in twelve oours and there's the reclining 
chair, the TV, and a few cool ones in the icebox? And anyway, just look at 

:.:.: these forearms, Bub. That ain't bacon. I've been working hard for the last 
?: twenty goddamned years! Don't tell me I 'm out of shape! Jogging? No I :;':;;;;' ~~;~f;';:::~ t ~o~kP~~:~:~ ~~~~b';:d:,::; 
..... women determinedly padding over the hard sand at the Shores. And 
t, everyone running everywhere at UCSD. Work here did not seem to irr 
:I terfere with the pursuit for physical well-being. They seem to have h~:~~F.:~:;-:=~nju=,:.'~:~: ~::::::rn~':~~;~PUI."tv. ,TT photo I :!!t~~f~i:gi~W~~~~[£;~:;~;~O~ 

all the minor, undisclosed in- UCSD came away with a first Injuries marred a rather tight t the books for several hours. But he kept at it because he knew that he was 
juries- bruises, abrasions and place trophy. contest against the Los Angeles :~:: atthe age when he should be at his physical peak. 

, black eyes. Nor did it include' But because of that victory, Rugby Club, a team that even-
, Sunday's casualties. tournament officials had decided ( tually placed second in the 
. UC San Diego's , men's rugby to put UCSD in the large tourney, losing to Kern Count yin 

team was decimated by injuries schooVclub division this year. It the finals . 
before the tourney was half over , meant playing against the top AI Hunter, playing with a sore 
And the women did not come rugby teams in the state-teams shoulder (suffered against 
away unscathed. that have been playing together Loyola three weeks ago) re-

He progressed rapidly at his restorative training. [n no time at all three 
':1 i1es .became a ~eritable breeze. He began rUMing for set lengths of 
time, Iflstead of ?tstan.ces, so he could run wherever he wanted. Thirty 
mmutes. Forty-five mmutes. Down to Scripps. To the glider park. The 
golf course. Revelle Plaza. 

The Tritons returned home a for a number of years-and in iured it 
battered and beaten team, but playing well. a tough scrummy, J 

One afternoon a silver German Shepard came bounding out of a front 
yard, in pursuit. After nearly a mile the dog stopped, turned around, and 
walked home. He had outrun the animal. 

. , : ,': " , :': . . :'::: 

N etter's Down Pt. 
Lorna; Record 10-10 

byRoDKato 
Staff Writer 

The Triton's number two doubles 
of Mark Miller and Joel Berchin, 
downing their opponents in two 
straight sets, clinched the victory 
for the UCSD tennis squad last 
Wednesday on the Muir courts. 

San Diego, victorious in four of 
the six singles matches over Pt. 
Lorna, needed the win recorded by 
Miller and Berchin to even their 
seaS{)nal record at 10-10. 

UCSD, having won the top four 
seeded singles, lost the opportunity 
to put away the match before the 
doubles competition when Adam 
Rodman succumbed to pt. Loma's 
Dave Maison 6-4, 3-6 and ~7 in a 
tightly contestedmatch. 

The only other singles victory for 
pt. Loma came when Sue Nizic 
defeated Morgan Magid in the 
sixth seed position. Magid, playing 
in only his second match 01 the 
season, fell victim to Nizic who has 
lost only two matches out of 15 in 
men's competition this year. Nizic 
later came back to team with 
number one seeded Gary Blevins 
in doubles play to top the Triton 
duo of Eric Rodli and Alan Brasier, 
2~,3~. 

Jon Gerdson, number two 
sing les for the Triton's, 
annihilated his Pt. Lorna 
opponent Wednesday, 6-0, 
6-0. (T.T . photo: Bill Brooks) 

"We probably played as well as 
we could have," commented pt. 
Lorna's coach Myron Finkbeiner, 
" we're not as strong as other 
teams on top (first, second and 
third seeds) but we usually win in 
our fourth, fifth and sixth 
poSitions. " 

VB, Tennis 
Today 

UC San Diego's men's volleyball 
team returns home tonight to meet 
UC Riverside, while the women's 
tennis, men's volleyball and crew 
squads also see action this 
weekend. 

For the Triton volleyball men, it 
will be the last home appearance 
before next Saturday's league 
tournament. The tourney, 
scheduled to be an all day event in 
the main gym, will feature eight 
participating teams. 

Meanwhile, coach Jeff Gorrell 
will make his next-t~the-last 
appearance tonight. Gorrell will 
leave UCSD, a school that saw him 
both as an All-American player-
coach and as a coach, at the end-of 
the season. The Triton-UCR battle 
will start at 7: 30. 

UCSD's baseball team was 
rained out in the battle scheduled 
for Tuesday, and will reschedule 
the Azusa game for later in the 
season. Tomorrow the Tritons are 
hosted by Southern California 
College in an afternoon 
doubleheader. 

The women's tennis squad, in an 
effort to come back from three 
consecutive losses, hosts USIU on 
the Muir Courts today at 3 pm. 

CESAR 
CHAVEZ 

April 19, Monday, NOON! Mandeville Auditorium Admission: FREE! 

Soon it was easy for him. Gliding along with the hundreds of La Jolla 
residents he ran with everyday, seven·foot strides, leaping Adidas, hair 
flying, he felt like he was training for the Olympic team. Not the United r 
States' team, of course. No. It was his teammates, you see. Maybe the 
Swedish squad. Or Norway. But he shunned nationalism anyway and 
worked instead for his own personal prize. 

Finally, he was back in shape. His wind was good. Superb endurance. 
Renewed agility. The muscies were in tone. The blood flowed freely 
through every vein and artery. His organs were strong. 

He was fit. 

He thought the jogging had paid off. These people know how to stay 
healthy. They realize t~e importance of a sound body. Now [ know why 
they are alls,uch dutiful Joggers. That's what's wrong with Gary, I. 

But that rught, not when sqe rolled over, but much sooner she said 
disgustedly, " Not again," in reference to what had just pa;t, not the 
future. He was not battered. Quick knockouts take little out of a well-
conditioned body. But so what. 

He wondered what they did in La Jolla for a glass jaw. 

Positions Now Available 
for Statewide Committees 

- Academic Planning and Program Revl_ 
Board"' 
-Advisory Committee for le",ning 
Resources 
-Admi,,;stration Adv isory Commillee on 
Inclusion Areas 
- Task Force on financial aid information 

-Allirmative Aclion Advisory Committ ... 
-Inter· Campus athletic Advisory Board 
- Task Foree or Finane ial Aid informalion 
- Academic Senate Committee on 
Educalional Policy. 
- Advisory Commille. on Instructional 
Impr<wement Programs 

Have direct ,npul on legislahon concern,ng 
YOUR educa t,on Conlact Deans ol',ces 
Student Cenler . or Lobby Annex lor lunher 
,n lorma I,on 

Deadline April 30 

,-----NBNE;O~CHA-~;---l 
I . 
I FOR UCSD ONLY (s ludenls. faculty, sta ff . nd lhe" mmed'ale families) I 
I I I $435 June 19 LAX/PARIS I 
I Sept. 2 PARIS/LAX 76 days I 
I I 
I CIEE I 
I Student I 
I Travel BilL KELLER, MARKDANA I 
I UCSD tNTERNATIONAL C£NTER I Services OP NWEEKDAYSI2-4 pm I I '---' · 2· ..JC 
'-------------------



Pap, 

RUlby- Finlander defense, with Funk getting the worst of it. The loud 
crack that reverberated was 
Funk's cheekbone as well as 
an artery that continued to bleed 
internally during the better part 
of the day. De Long's injury was 
less severe-a badly bruised 
elbow that drew blood from a 
Finlander skull. 

bruised thigh and a tender ankle. 
It's a brutal sport, to say the 

least, but in spite of the separated 
shoulders, the battered knees, the 
charley horses and the bruised 
bodies, rugby has a certain 
mystique that keeps them 
coming back for more. 

suffered I severe slash e his 
right eye. The blood, coming out 
in pulsating spurt, was 
reminiscent of what r d Tebo 
described as a"~ from 
M·A·S·H." Luckily, only seven 
stitches were required. 

In the game against the 
Finlanders Rugby Club, who used 
"every cheap shot in the book," 
Jack Funk and Lance de Long 
were injured on the same play. 

In the women's competition. 
At UCSD, it is particularly 

popular because of the low keyed 
emphasis on winning. It is a 
sport, as Tebo described, that is 
well suited to the UCSD student 
who must have a higher priority 
on books than on winning every 
weekend. Practices are limited 
maybe two or three a ' week, 
sometimes none at all. And 
because it is a club, everyone 
gets to play in the games. 

With the Tritons gaining 
• control of the ball near the end 

zone, de Long and Funk dove 
headlong into the strength of the 

Jill Souder suffered a bruised 
nose and Amelia Rivera torn 
ligaments in her knee. Patti 
Ladoceur nearly dropped from 
exhaustion against Belmont 
Shores and Francine Brown is 
limping around campus with a 

Tennis. .. Mosshammer ... 
As for UCSD, second seeded Jon 

Gerdsen, labeled as a consistent 
wiMer by coach Tad Yamaguchi, 
blanked his opponent in two 
straight sets 6-0, 6-0. Jon Brindle, 
playing in the third Qos~ion , finally 
broke out of his sev~.r match losing 
slump and defeated Paul Robinson 
6-0, 6-3. " The match came out as 
expected and everyone played a 
good level of tennis," said coach 
Yamaguchi on his 'team's per-
formance. 

result, the allocation of teaching 
assistantships for 1976-77 is almost 
twice that allocated for 1975-76. 

Because it is a team sport, . 
there are usually no individual 
heroes. And that appeals to all. 
Although the backs often get a lot 
of print because they score most, 
the scrummies know that they 
make things happen. Control of 
the game is determined in the 
scrum and it is essential that the 
forwards work and push together 
to gain that control. Thus, a 
victory is alway a team win. 

Defeating Pt. Lorna for the 
second time this year, the Triton 
tennis team winds up its dual 
match season with San Diego State 
on May 16. Before that date, UCSD 
will participate in the coveted Ojai 
tournament which will be held on 
April 22, 23 and 24. 

As in the past, so in the future the 
Humanities Committee has both 
the right and the responsibility to 
structure the program and to 
deploy the available staff- faculty 
and graduate students- in such a 
way as to offer the best possible 
instruction to our students. There 
is more than one way to organize a 
course, and the Humanities 
Committee reserves the right to 
make options available both to 
faculty and to the students of 
Revelle College. 

On the surface, it would appear 
that the rewards of rugby 
through its social and 
psychological aspects are worth 
all the injuries that are incurred. 
But after watching a weekend of 
hard-core rugbyI have my doubts 
about the sanity of those who play 
the game. 

ALDEN A. MOSSHAMMER 
ASSISTANT PROFESSOR 

OF HISTORY 

IIEWLY DEVELOPED "SUPER" SPEED READIIiG 
COURSE TO BE TAUGHT THROUIIIOUT 

SAil DIEGO AREA 
SAN DIEGO [spec.) THE GOLDEN STATE READING LAB of Beverfy Hills will off8f the newest and most InnO'iative course In · Speed 
Reading" to a limited number of qualified people throughout the San Diego Area . This recently developed method of Instruction is the 
most effective and productive course ever produced and yet it costs less than 1/2 the tuition of similar courses . 

Not only doe" '!lIs course reduce your time In class to Just one ctass per week for onty 4 short weeks, but afso incfudes a super advanced 
speed reading program on cassette tapes so a person can continue to improve their skill for the rest 01 their life and our graduates never 
" slow back down." 

In just 4 short weeks I person should be reading 4· 5 times faster and In a few months many will be reading 21)· 30 times laster at speeds 
that approach 6,000 words per minute. In rare Instances speeds 01 13,000 words per minute have been documented. Our average 
graduate will complete the course 8· 10 times faster and with marked ImprO'lements In comprehension and concentration . For those who 
would like more information I series of FREE one hour explanatory lectures have been scheduled. These Inlormative meetings are open 
to the public and our course will be explained In complete detail Including tuition , classroom procedures , and teaching methods. You 
need to attend Just one of the following meetings for complete details at no cost or obligation. Be sure to attend whlchev8f meeting that 
best fils your schedule. 

FREE ORIENTATION LECTIIRES THROUGHOUT THE SAN DIEGO 
AREA WILL BE AT THE FOLLOWING TIMES & PLACES: 

San Diego Meetongs 
Thursday , April 15. Friday, April 16, Two 

• meetings each night at 6:30 p .m . and 
again at 8 '30 p.m . These meetings will be 
held on the Casa del Prado Bldg. at the 
end of EI Prado In the Curtural 
Recreation Center of Balboa Park . 

Saturday April 17 . two meetings at 10'30 
am and again at 1 30 pm In the "Silver 
Room" of the C'v'c Conventoon Center 
202 'C' SI. 

Saturday April 17. Two meetings at 10'30 
am and at 1 30 pm in the " Harbor Room" 
of Shelter Island Inn. 2505 Shelter lsi Dr 

Monday April 19. Tuesday April 20 Two 
m tlngs at 6 30 and 8 30 In the Casa del 
Prado Bldg at lhe end of EI Prado on the 
Cultural Recreatoon Center of Balboa 
Park 

Tuesday April 20 Two meetongs at 6.30 pm 
and again at 8 30 pm in the "Harbor 
Rool'" of Shelter Island Inn. 2505 Shelter 
Islanj Or 

Chula Vista Meetings 
ThurM a)/ Aprol 15 Two meetings at 630 

pm ,n at 8 30 pm 
F"da~ Aprol 16 Two meetings at 630 pm 

and )(lain I 8 30 pm 
Salure Jy Apr" 17 T n mee\lnqs at 10.30 

am i n again at 1 30 pm 
Thes" m tlngs Will be held at the Royal 

Inn 3 E St In Chula Vista 

National City Meetings 
Moncay Aprol 19 Two m lings at 6 30 pm 

anc at 830 pm 
Tuese . y Alirol 20 Two me tlngs at 630 pm 

nG t830pm 
meetings Will be held on the 

danquet Room " of Plaza Bowl . 1201 E. 
Plaza Blvd (Entr nee RI 01 Main en-
Irance) 

La Jolla 
ThurSday April 15 Two meet ings at 630 

pm nd t 830pm 

, 

Friday April 16 . Two meetings at 6:30 pm 
and at 8'30 pm 

Monday April 19 Two meetings at 6'30 pm • 
and at 830pm . 

These meetings will be held in the San 
Diego Federal Savi ngs and Loan Bldg , 
Second floor . 1055 Torrey Pines Rd ., La 
Jolla 

EscondidO Meetings 
Thursday April 15 Two meetings at 6'30 

pmandat830pm 
Friday April 16 Two meetrngs at 6 30 pm 

nd again at 8 30 pm. 
Saturday April 17 Two meetings at 1 30 pm 

and at 3 3Opm . 
These meetings to be held in the Royal Inn 

2500 South Escondido Blvd. 
Monday Apr 18 Two meetings at 6:30 and 

830pm 
Tuesday April 20 Two meetongs at 630 pm 

and at 8 30 pm to be held at the 
Escondido Country Club, 1800 Country 
':Iub Lane. Escondido. 

EI Cajon Meetings 
ll,u,jJay April 15. Two m Clings at 630 

and at 830pm 
Friday Apri l t6 Two meellngs I 6 30 nd 

830pm 
Saturday Aprol 17. Two meetings al 1030 

am and at I 30 pm 
These meetings Will be held on th Banquet 

Room of Parkway Bowl . 1280 Fletcher 
Pkw 

Monday April 19 Two m lings at 6 30 pm 
and at 830 pm . 

Tu sday April 20. Two m atlngs at 630 pm 
nd t 8 30 pm 

Th em lings Will be held in th Banquet 
Room of La Mesa Bowl 7 0 P rkway 
Dr In La Mesa (Entrance to right of main 
enlran ) 

Friday, Aprill., lt7I 

Ii' University of 
~ San Fernando Valley 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
Announcing: 

FALL _.ITER 1.7. 
• Fill-lime 3-,.e, der progrem 

• Pert-time der end evening progrem. 
The Sl hool i, 

fULLY ACCREDITED 
by the Commllft.'e of S.u E .lmlnt''' . 

Slate Bdr of ·,ll,10mo.1. 
Tel: (213) 894-57 11 

8353 Sepulveda Blvd., Sepulveda, Ca. 91343 

10% Student Discount with This Ad 

.ic** ... 
*. . ~* 

: * ~ AT THE * 
... ~~H~~~T~~" • 

NOW APPEARING: 

PATRICE RUSHEN 
HARVEY MASON 

Tuesday-Sunday , April 13-18:Showtimes 9 & 11 

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
Opening Monday, April 19 FREDDIE HUBBARD 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

. DINNER ~OW SPECIAL $9.95/penon 
Includes complete dinner. choice of 4 entrees admission 

price. tax and gratuity . Call for reservations . 

NO RESERVATION NEEDED. Tickets on sale upon .entranee. 
You must be 21 years of age or ofder. Proper identificetion required. 

3999 MISSION BOULEVARD, SAN DIEGO 488-1081 

with SPECIAL GUESTS 

CHAMBERS BROTHERS 
plus BABY 

in Golden Hall 
Sunday, April 25th, 7:30 pm 

All ats reserved - 6.50, $5.50, 4.50. 
FOR FURTH R INFO All 236-6510. TIO<ETS AVAllABl 
AT PERFORMING ART eNTER BOX OFFICE. All. SEARS. 

WARD AND TIO<ETRON 0011ET . 

.. 

.. 


