
College Councils Convene: 
Discuss Referendum Issue 

$12 Reg Fee Hike Recommended 
by Laura Richter 

Staff Writer 
Debate and-procedural clarification made up a large part of the tri-

college council meeting held last Wednesday in the Chancellor's complex . . 
The council discussed the proposed rederendum on student goverance. 

Vice-chancellor and Dean of Student Affairs George Murphy, speaking 
on behalf of Chancellor McElroy, stated that McElroy had never actually 
demanded the oolding of a referendum as part of the two-year trial 
agreement of the Student Cooperative Union, but that he had strongly 
urged it as a means of legitimizing the Coop. The UCSD Elections Board 
had always acted on the assumption that the referendum was compulsory 
accordin~ to the agreement. 

McElroy declined to make a statement on current referendum ac-
tivities as he has been out of town recently and has not been informed of 
events. 

by Alec NedeimaD 
A180clate News EdItor 

The Advisory ' Committee on 
student Fee Programs recom-
mended Thursday night that the 
Registration Fee be set at $360 for 
the 1977-78 school year. 

In a letter to Vice-chancellor and 
Dean of Student Affairs George 
Murphy, the advisory committee 
asked that the campus "exercise 
its option to add $12 per year to the 
mandated fee level of $348 per 
year." 

The UC Board of Regents over 
the summer mandat~ the $48 
increase from the current $300 
level. The Regents also gave each 
UC chancellor the discretionary 
power to further increase reg fees 
up to $372 for 1977-78 and up to $393 
for 1978-79. Chancellor McElroy 
must have his recommendation on 
a differential fee hike for UC San 
Diego on UC President Saxon's 
desk by next Monday. 

The Advisory committee was 
asked to make ita r:ecommendation 

on the differential increase to 
Murphy, who 'will communicate it 
along with any of his own 
suggestions to McElroy. When 
McElroy sends his recom-
mendation to Saxon, the Advisory 
Committee Jetter goes attached. 

$100,000 Minimum Cut 
According to its letters to 

Murphy , the committee also 
recommends "that a minimum/of 
$100,000-$125,000 be eliminated in 
1977-78 either from the base 
Registration Fee budget or from 
certain contingencies that have 
been identified or from a com-
bination of both sources." By in-
creasing reg fees to $384 in 1978-79 
and then to $393 in 1979-80, the 
advisory committee felt it could 
"achieve a balanced budget in 
each year through 1978-80." 

Committee member, Scott 
Thayer, noted that "the recom-
mended cuts leave the door open 
to greater cuts if needed." Thayer 
added that "we have received 
support from Saxon that we can 

lower the fee if, after the budget 
process is concluded, we deter-
mine that we do not need the full 
increase." 

The $360 figure was decided upon 
after long deliberation and many 
counter-proposals by committee 
members. Several urged no in-
crease for next year, and then a 
larger increase in 1979-80 than is 

fn ·co/lege council members debate comprehensiue referendum issue . [TT 
photo · Bill Brooks! . 
. The original meet~g proced~re called for a ten minute summary to be 

given by Revelle, MUIr, and T~llrdCollege councils and by representatives 
from Fo~h College, which is in the process of'refonning their govern-

Health Insurance Costs Up, 
Coverage May Be Optional 

Ann Carberry [IT photo Bill 
Brooks! 
now being proposed. 

Murphy and Advisory Com-
mittee Co-chair Rick Whitehill 
both proposed an increase up to the 
$372 level for next year. According 
to Whitehill, "Given the structure 
of Saxon's proposal (asking for the 
differential increase), we were 
concerned about the loss of 
flexibility in terms of proper 
planning for succeeding years." 

ment. thiS was to be followed by five minute question periods. 
However, due to a claim of "lack of authority" by Chairperson Marsha 

Harris, the meeting continued for more than three hours. Student 
governance Task Force member Fred Speck saw it to be :unnecessarily 

~ong'an4 • d1scO\lrteous , "especially for1hose administrators who were 
present. 

~lecti~ns Board mem~r Andy Schneide!" saw a more positive aspect to 
the meetmg. He felt that 1t would set a precedent of cooperation between 
the college councils for future activities. 

it was resolved that the representatives from each of the colleges would 
return to a full session of their respective councils and make aAecision on 
requesting acompre'hensive referendum. A Wednesday deadline for-this 
decision was agreed upon, and .one attendee felt that the official an-
nouncement of the referendum would come on Thursday. 
. Var~ous back~round information was discussed during the meeting, 
mcludmg the history of the' Coop and the recent letter from McElroy 
charging the Elections Board to call a referendum. Reports from the 
student Task Force and Elections Board were given as well as the 
positions of each of the four UCSD colleges. The Independent Students for 
Democracy and the Coop also had speakers. 
The fi~ancing of th~ referendum was of concern to some. A member of 

the Advlsory Comnuttee on Student Fee Programs, Jim MCGinnis, was 
present to say that the committee could not fund the referendum 

Continued on Page 8 ' 

"God - at UCSO?" 

by JoeIC. Don 
Associate News Editor 

Rising.costs of hospital care and 
physician's services have created 
a serious dilenuna in the health 
insurance coverage of UC San 
Diego students, according to 
Robert V. Allen, director of UCSD 
health services. 

Allen said much of the problem 
can be attributed to cost of living 
increases in health care fields and 
the rise in professional liability or 
malpractice suits. 

Although student enrollment has 
increased, bringing additional reg 
fee money to UCSD, Allen insisted 
the cost increase in student in-
surance will greatly exceed the 
ability to cover it. Even with the 
current proposed. increase in reg 
fees, the added financial support 
will not solve UCSD's student 
service problems. 

"It is unlikely that we can carry 
all of the present services in the 

Noted Scholars Debate Miracles 
by Alan RusseU 

News Editor ;-
Even 'lsteak night" has never drawn the kind of 

capacity crowd that filled Revelle cafeteria • 
Thursday evening for Part II of the series "God-at 
UCSD?" 

Dr. Zeno Vendler, UCSD Professor of Philosophy, 
and Dr. Norman Geisler, Professor of Philosophy at 
Trinity Evangelical Seminary, debated the topic, 

"C~n miraculous events. occur in. a space-time 
world?" The two hour program, which allowed time 
for speaker presentations, rebuttals, questions from 
the audience, and summaries, proved to be an 
extremely thought provoking affair marked by 
fascinating philosophical arguments and en-
tertaining quips. 

Vendler opened his discourse by trying to 
ascertain. the "proper" definition for the word 
'miracle'. After questioning Geisler's definition, he . 
stated that "a miracle is an event that cannot be 
explained by scientific theories." Vendler pointed 
out that such things as his "becoming the Pope," 
and "beating Muhanunad Ali" would not be 
miracles, though "highly improb!lble." 
" "What could be considered a miracle," he said, 
are such thingl 81 the resurrection of Jesus, the 

raiSing ~ Lazarus from the dead, and Josm. 
topping the lun. These events are Iud! that there II 

a conflict between them and scientific theories." 
Vendler did say that "I can unagine the 

resurrection ~ Lazarus," and stated that, "I don't 
see any· ImpcMsibUity of • minel •. " However, 
provina luch tveta ..... anatber matter " and be 

..... ' 

pointed out those things which couldn't be done, 
such as squaring a circle, having a snake that could 
swallow itself entirely, and making a beach ball 
that was both red and blue all over. 

Dr Norman Gelsl r makes a critical point a mod rator 
PUII/. altman look on . [TTphoto: Bill Brooks1 

Geisler started his presentation by discussing 
such well known athiestic figures as Freud and 
Nietzche, who atated they ahnost "wished there was 
a God." He said that miracles were "logically and 
actually possible," and that one could only "deny 
the supernatural by taking a supernatural point to 
deny it." 

Geisler cited the resurrection <i Jesua Christ as a 
Ceatlaed _ Pale S 

future," Allen said. He praised 
the current UCSU insurance 
program which covers a vast array 
of health care needs for only $39 
per year. 

Some of the services students are 
entitled to include up to 50 days 
free hospital care, heaU,; care 
anywhere in the world and access 
to the UCSD Health Center during 
interim vacation periods. 
Premium Inerease"Inevitable" 

Accordin~ to Allen. our current 
insurance contr.act will expire in 
Sept. 1977 and the present carrier 
will have to increase the premium. 
l<'aced with this inevitable 
premiwn increase, Allen proposed 
alternatives to our present in-
surance plan. 

"One possiblity is that we will 
buy the best insurance we can 
afford," Allen stated, but added 
that a new insurance protection 
will not be as comprehensive as the 
present coverage. 

Another option Allen suggested 
is to offer the students an optional 
insurance package, where in-
dividual students could elect to 
purchase student insurance 
coverage. 

Rick Whitehill, assistant vice-
chancellor of stUdent affairs, 
statP.d that the dilemma can be 
broken down into the kind of 
coverage that the university will 
provide and whether the students 
are going to have to pay for part of 
the cost of complete health care 
insurance coverage. 

Happy But Concerned 
Thayer tenned himself essen-

tially happy with the $360 figure, 
although he expressed serious 
concern for the hardships that any 
increase would impose on some 
students. He was also dissatisfied 
with the manner in which the 
advisory committee was "forced to 
make the recommendation" in a 
very short period of time. 

"Essentially, we (and other 
campuses) were asked to deter-
mine what our income needs would 
be, even though we are still five 
months from the submission of a 
budget to the Chancellor ... {$360) 
represents a conscious effort by 
the committee to combine 
preservation of programs with cost 
cutting, and reflects fiscal 
prudence in the face of con-
tingencies... It was impossible to 
determine which of those con-
tingencies would come about, but 
to ignore them would be foolish." 

According to Committee 
member Ann Carberry, the ad-
visory committee thus far has only 
proposed how much will have to be 
cut from the reg fee budget. What 
programmatic and personnel 

Continued on Page 3 

Scripps Clinic Opening 
Dedication ceremonies for the $33.5 million Scripps Clinic Medical 

Institution (SCMI) will take place all this week :-ad be highlighted by 
the scheduled appearances of three Nobel laureates, Gov. Brown, 
Mayor Wilson, Clmncellor McElroy, Dr. Jonas Salk and Bob Hope. 

The ceremonies will consist of a dedication of a Hall of Honor 
Monday, activities for Scripps employees Tuesday medical colloquia 
Wednesday and Thur day and the formal de<Hcation of the SCMI 
facilities Friday. 

Among those scheduled to participate in the Fri ayes ion, which 
takes place at 10:30 am, are Brown, Hope, Scripps Clinic and 
Research Foundation (SCRF) president Edmwld Keeue RF 
director Frank Dixon and Scripps Clinic Medical Group ~Sldent 
John L. Smith. 

Dr. George Palade, winner of the 1974 Nobel Prize for physiology 
and medicine, Dr. Gerald M. Edelman, winner of the 1972 Nobel Prize 
in the same catego~ and Dr. Arthur Kornberg, winner of the 1959 
Nobel Prize in medicine, are among those who will take part in 
Wednesday's colloquium on biomedicine. 



PIlei triton times MODday, November 8, 1971 

Editor 
lag 13" Image Criticized 

In Defense of Free Speech 
And Personal Expression 

Your article (T'£', Nov. 1) 
about the ' German Language 
House at Beagle Hall baa 
surprised UB, the 1 esidents 01 
the suites, to no small extent. 
Misquotes or misinfonnaUon 
can be corrected or even 
shrugged off as TT 
carelessness, but caricatures of 
World War n vintage are 
another matter. 

tempt I\t humor has definitely We wish to extend an in-
This letter responds to the October 29 letters by M. Elcan and Bob 

Wynne. First, Elcan refers to "plaintive yelps" In Jeff Fenton's October 
25 letter. None such exist. JeWs letter defends free speech and attacks 
name-calling and mudslinging. Nowbere does he deny responsibility for 
his opinions, though it is true he does not return the penoD8l attacks. 

missed the point. Furthermore, vitation In our Informal 
the statements that you have programs. The advisor for the 
represented as quotes are Gennan Language House is 
inaccurate-paraphrases of what Hans Teuchert and " der RA" 
was actually IBid. loo for Beagle Hall is Jennifer 

Hildreth. James van Scoyoc is 
Those who are inte In the president of the UCSD 

our activities can iniorm German Club. 

Likewise, Mary PfOflt offended no OD&! in her letter, but merely asked 
for an end to personal attacks. She explicitly said the opposite of what 
Wynne says she did. She said that it is not only a right. but a duty to 
present and defend opinlons. This is not " to shield reactionary opinion," 
nor does it hold personal opinion to be " inviolable." 

themselves at our weekly JAMES V AN SCOYOC 
meetings Thursdays at 8 :30 pm HANSTEUCHERT 

The " Hogan's Heroes" image 
that you seem to link us with is 
not only offensive to many 
people here, but also a ludicrous 
misrepresentation of the at-
mosphere to be found in the 
Ua;D Gennan House, or in any 
language dorms for that 
matter . 

in the Beagle Apartment, or at STEVE NORTHRUP Some methods of argument. are intrinsically unfair, wasteful, and 
wrong. Some start with "people like ... " and conUnue with a name. others 
insist that other viewpoints are ignorant or ill-intentioned. Others label 
some opinion " racist," "fascist," " reactionary," ad nauseum, without 
good reason. This is judgment, not fad, not even justified inference . 

our dinners weekdays at 6 pm in JENNIFER HILDRE11I 
the South Dining Room of the SUSANNE NEUMANN 
Revelle cafeteri8;:;.;._? ___ - ___ ..:..PETER THOMPSON 

. f,(;- '\. 
0\ of>J' J"'e'J . 

. \\ o.f (,,~ . \t-- I out· 
. Specifically, I have not read one racist remark by Jeff Fenton, only 
ones concerned with nationslity. And if free speech is judged "reac-
tionary," I will not love or defend it the less. 

The TT reporter obviously 
used poetic license with some of 
the information that he had 
been given in two seperate 
interviews. We neither call one 
another " seine" nor do we run a 
military camp. No one is 
" reqqired" to do anything, .as 
the participation In the ac-
tivities, indeed the language 
speak.ing commitment it"elf, is 
on a voluntary basis. 

The purpose of the UCSD 
German Language House and of 
the other theme houses on 
campus is to make the dorms a 
more attractive place for 
special interest not to 
recreate 

• ", f(oc ~,c. v iocJ fiLe :-a c- yO 
A- v,!/..;'" -'{O" ~l 

CA 0"' · \\ . , 
,-\" '>J.' jOv , (,~ -JL- of 

1,-2,;'" ? ~ 0 
v1d v 

Past Lives Regression Increases 
Self Awareness ,Consciousness 

Past Lives Regression is the exploration of our one life in continuous 
expression through the unlocking of our Wlconscious memory banks. 

Here are stored past lessons of life, familiar acquaintances and 
essentia I experiences, all of which are valued as a sacred trust by the 
self. 

It is through conscious contact with our own inner self that we unlock 
the treasures of our past experience and make valid in our everyday 
present life, those things of which we have been a part of in the past. 

There is no absolute truth which necessitates our living out some 
karma from a past life experience. We always choose and create in the 
present from our available data as seen through our current system of 
beliefs. 

Further, our current system may incorporate unconscious data from 
past life experience. In other words, false beliefs from the past can filter 
through to affect our present thinking , actions and experience. 

In recalling pastlives through conscious regression we often encounter 
seeds or early pliiiltings of such beliefs, and with healing thought, love 
and gOod-will, we can offset their efforts in our present lives. 

II Is through 
conscious contacl 
with our ow n inner 
self that we unlock 
the Ireasures of 
our past ex · 
perience ... 

It is not necessary to recall past lives in order to live in the present. But 
with more and more people talking about their experiences in remem-
bering fragments of past lives, it does seem relevant to have a sound 
technique with which to explore them, to come to know them more fully in 
an organized way. . 

The consciousness level of this new age has reached a place where we 
can begin to remember our past life experience in an orderly and har-
monious way, and "0 ,ncorporate these memories into our living present. 
To paraphrase a line/rom a recent novel, "Until we remember our past, 
we are destined to I etkat it." 

Past Life Regre3Slon is a conscious deep meditation technique used 
individually to explore past lives. The information and experiences 
remembered help u!i to live our present Ufe with more awareness and 
self-knowledge. The bealing of past lives benefits present living. 

I invite all who wish to participate UI Past Lif.- Regressions, Or who 
want more informr t· n, to contact me through the Triton Times. 

DENISE CLARK 

The Triton Times Is published by UCSD students as an ollielal studenl ""wspoper _ 
Publication la on '~ondays. Wedn91!days and Fridays during the regular school year 
(except on ofllclal IIOlldays). Editorial and business offices are loclted In the Student 
Center at the Uni'le<sity of California, 58n Olego . For ed,torlal . eall 452·3~6: for business 
and dIsplay advertising . call 452·~8. 

letters to the editor and opinion columna Ire welCOmed. All submissions muSI be typed 
anddoubl ... pocedona 7 .... cellne. The1.sho~~ not "MCeed 1.1 /2 p8\leain lenglh . 

Submilled mate<lai musl bear the name and student I""ntilication numbe< of th. authOl' . 
Names can be WIthheld from pubhcatlon on reQuest . however the nam" will be held on file 
for public Inspection 

The Trrton Times r .. erves the right to edll submiSSions because of space Ilmltalions or 
style re<;ulrem8l1Is. 

Enl". con tents copyright 1976, the Truon Times. 

The October 22 leiter signed by nine people and the "Dept. of History" 
?id not represent any faculty member or official department policy, but 
only nine graduate students and staff members in the department. The 
type style was an error by the TritoD Times. I telephoned the department, 
and asked a Tritoa Times Editor. Who else did? 

Also, I cannot see how a person could read Mary's letter and still attack 
it. I can see how people not paying attention, or holding strong opinions, 
could misinterpret what Jeff said. It is merely an Interpretation to 
assume that since Jeff denies that illegal aliens have US Constitutional 
rights, such as t:rossing US borders, that he must also deny that they have 
human rights. Admit Jeff does not say that, or bac's up your opinion. It is 
better to realize that others think differently and ask what they mean, 
instead of wasting TT space on personal attacks. 

In order that I not be misunderstood, I would like to conclude with a 
statement of basic principles. I believe that one has the right to express 
one's opinion, but to hold it only so long as one can defend it. A person has 
the responsibility of honestlY seeking the truth , of realizing that others 
can do the same and have different but valid philosophies, and of 
checking one's information. 

The purpose of this letter was.to discuss issues of conduct, rather than 
opinion. ' . 

STEPHEN GRIN ELL 

What is Osteopathic Medicine? 
Osteop<lthic medicine is now human body is innately adaptable; neuromusculoskeletal system are 

present in disease . These are 
accessible to specific manipulative 

beginning its new future in the it is self-maintaining. 
state of California and many 3) ' The human body requires 
people are asking, "Whal exactly unimpeded flow of blood and nerve 
is osteopathic medicine.; how do impulses in order to maintain its 

, measures which contribute to the 
clinical improvement in the 
patient. the osteopathic physicians differ integrity. 

from their allppathic coun- 4) The musculoskeletal system 
terparts?" First, it is important to of the human body comprises 60% 
realize that there are two types of of the body mass. All the other 
complete physicia~ in the United systems comprise the other 40%; 
States. the musculoskeletal system serves 

There will be an organizational 
meeting of the College students for 
the Perpetuation of Osteopathy on 
Thursday, Nov. 11th at 7 pm in the 
Lounge Cor.ference Room for those 
who are interested in finding out 
more about the possibilities in 
Osteopathic Medicine. 

One-has an M.D. degree (doctor not only as framework and sup-
of medicine) and most of us in port, but interrelates intimately 
California are more familiar with with the functioning of the body at 
this type of physician. However, all levels of biologic organization. TOM O'HARE 

LARRY REID there is another group of complete 5) Abnormalities of the 
physicians both in California and in 
the rest of the United States ; these 
are the osteopathic physicians. 
They are not awarded an M.D. 
degree, but rather a D.O. degree, 
(doctor of osteopathy) . 

Many people who have heard 
about osteopathy are convinced 
that the only difference between a 
D.O. and a M.D. is that the former 

·practices manipulative medicine 
along with other forms of therapy, 
while the latter does not. Unfor-
tunately, this is a viewpoint which 
only recognizes the outward form 
of osteopathy and bypasses much 
of the underlying philosophic 
groundwork which defines the 
osteopathic outlook. 

Osteopathy is based upon the 
following principles: 

1) The human body is a unit in 
which structure and function are 
mutually and reciprocally in-
terdependent . Whenever the 
structure of a part of the body is 
altered from its anatomical or 
chemical norm, its function is 
altered. So too, if the function of an 
organ is altered, its structure is 
alsoaffec1ed in some way. 

2) The human body, through 
complex processes, Is self-
regulating and self-healing. The 

triton times 
David Eisen · E .. cul". edllor 

Mark Stadler - Men .. I"II editor 
.... Ian Russell· 1Mw. edllof 

Alec Nedelman · A •• oel ... l11_ editor 
Vera TOdorOll - CO_WIlly edllor 

Ran .... nbar • OpInion edllor 
James G. Solo · ~r""" M ....... 
Becky DeVinney ' Production _" ... 

Sue Nealol. '-:opy ed ilor 
Joel C. Don · Anoelele ...... edllor 

Scotl Saclil - Spool. editor 
Tim MacKenzie · AIlS .. Ilof 

Bill BrOOk. · 1'11.-...... 

"Corlsider the Cancer Victim" 
I was reading the Triton Times (Oct. 25 ) when I came across your 

article . Being a victim of cancer, I feel justified to protest your almost 
joyful co!l(jusion from the data you presented that cancer was bleak and 
hopeless. 

I am to start chemotherapy in a few days. Will I suffer baldness, a 
broken down imunoresistivity, anemia, and dead cells only in the hopes of 
some " minor effect"? Are you telling me that after all of the above 
suffering that the effects of this treatment are relatively (what does 
" relatively" refer to? ) minor and " actually result in a cure in only a few 
relatively (you love to use that word) rare tumors"? 

Next time you write your article please consider the cancer victim and 
what affect your understandable desire for a bright future and what 
affect your uncautious blanket statements may have. You must un-
derstand that I am as afraid to end my life at 31 as anyone else would be. 
Fortunately I havll 'acquired some knowledge also about the disease and 
refuse to let an unthinking med student proclaim my right to life as a 
number like 40 percent. If that Is my chance -let my doctor tell me. 

NAME WITIIHELD BY REQUEST 

..... 

" 

'. 

MoDday, November8,197I 

God at UCSD_ 
miracle, saying that the historical evidence is 
"overwhelming." " There were un.ique prophecies 
and details that pertained to Christ hundreds of 
years before he came. They all occurred. Jesus 
predicted his own resurrection, and there were over 
500 people in eight to ten places who saw him. I see 
that as undeniable evidence." 

Vendler, in his rebuttal period, asked the 
question, " How does one repeat the miracle of 
resurrection?" Pausing a moment, he said, " that is 
not under public domain. " 

Geisler emphatica lly challenged Vendler's 
assumption that evidence concerning Jesus' 
crucifixion was miserable, stating that, "there's 
more evidence for it than any other event in the 
ancient world. If you can't believe in the evidence 
for the resurrection," he said, " then you should find 
it hard to believe in any other event that happened 
in ancient history." 

He further stated that, " facts require ex-
planation," a.~ that the evidence concerning Jesus' 
resurrection "is miserable." "There are four books 
written by non-experts who had an ~xe to grind," 
said Vendler. "These were the people who were 
around during the crucif"WQII, and underwent 
tremendous disappointments." 

Challenging the line of thought that says, "if we 
don't know how, we can't know that," Geisler said, 
" if God's existence is possible, then miracles are 
possible." 

The question period brought forth challenging 
questions from the audience, and lively responses ' 
from the speakers. At one point Geisler said that, 
" the world happening by chance is like Webster's 
Unabridged Dictionary happening by an explosion 
in a printer's shop." 

Reg Fee._. 
changes would need to be made has 
not yet been established. The 
committee is waiUng to hear the 
UC Administration on three 
matters before those kind of 
proposals will be made. 

First, Saxon has unUl' Dec. 1 to 
make up his milId on whether he 
will accept the advisory com-
mittee' s recommendations of 
McElroy's (if there is a dif ference ). 
The UC.Administration also will be 

establishing a policy on what 
maintenance and utility ex-
penditures will have to be picked 
up by reg fee monies. Finally, it is 
not known hOw much the state 
legislature will pick up of costs that 
UC has traditionally defined as 
state funded costs. 

To assist the advisory com-
mittee, Carberry said that interns 
are being hired to conduct surveys 

, NiederJranks 
Ice Cream Parlour 

Natunl Ice Cream, Sandwiches, 
Hand-made Candles, [no Preservatives) 

Frozen Gourmet Quiches 
128 So . Acacia, Solana Beach 
(Across/rom Solana Theatre) 

Open 7 days and nights) 

UCSD BIKE SHOP 
Featuring the 
Viscount Line 

New Bikes. Parts 
Service 

Open 10-5 Weekdays 10-3 laturMyS 
Located in tile New Stuclnet Center 

(Near EDNA) 452-4279 

.t4J 

r-·--·-··-,··-----··-_·-.. ----:------·---··-·-l 
, In ImDOrlIRllllCUISI1il l ! HIDB ROOTS .... a .. Ire lunari.-. l 

At the very time when l j ollha citizens are In need of In- ,{ 
: cre .. ed levels of public , 
, FISCAL' CRISIS services. the support base t 
, ~::Il:I:~ :: r:s:~! ~~ ~ ! this Include: strained II 
• political coalitions, _ 
i banking and corpo,.te ; 

~.' Institutions seeking ,: 
I solutions .t the cost 'of ~ 

I socl.1 services turning taxp.yeJII .galnst city workers, while community I 
I WHAT IS TO BE DONE? grou- and IInlons defend I' ! Join us In exploring ponlble the~~lve. ag.lnst cut- i 
• solutions to the problem. backs. , t I 
I
t: SPEAKER: I 

John MoUenkopf, Assistant Professor l 
~,: of Urban Management, i Stanford Gnduate School of Buslnns 

PANWSTS: l C.ptaln .I_ph Fr.ncls, Plealdent, , 
I Fire Fight .... Union, Loe.lltS I I~:: Merkel Harris. President ( S.n DIego Ch.pter, N.tlon.1 WeN... ( 
I Rights Organlaatlon I 
t Chief William KoleDder ' 
'; City of S.n Diego Pollee Dep.rtment II . 

D .... Speer . 
Chief Admlnlstntlon OffIcer for l S.n Diego County i MODERATOR: 

t Bob Helfttz l ___ ~~~!.~-.J 

and student use patterns of the 
various divisions funded by reg 
fees . CarberrY also is ur~ing the 
committee to "differentlate be-
tween programs that are needs and 
programs that are wants." 

Page 3 

= 1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111' I" 1111111111111111 111111' 111111' I = 

ATTENTION 
STUDEITS WIll lIE IECEI' 
'lAIR. TO IlIEU.E CIllEaE 
THE ACADEMIC COUNSILOIS, THE COLLEGE DEAN, AND 
THE lIVELLI INTEINS WOULD Lilt TO MEn WITH YOU 
TO TALI THINGS OVEI, OFFER SOME ADVICE AlOUT 
CLASSES NOW AND FOI NEXT QUAITEI. PLEASE COME 
TO THE COMMUNITY CENTEI TUESDAY, NOV EM BEl 9 at 
4 PM. 
U you absolutely cannot come to thl. meeting. p/eau 
come to the ProPO.". Office and we will .et up an ap-
poIntment/or you/or the/ollowlng day. 

= i 
5 
= I 
! 
i 
! 
• I 
i 
i 
! 

l~. __ . ___ ._.,. 



...... tdtOD times 
BlM:IleID. aIaIe. Tutoring in 0IemIstry and the Biological 

Noon Room. 
1-2 pm jtlllrl~tL~~~~~ 1 pm Meeting. Student Organizations Conference Room, 

Student 
2-4 pm - Job Seeking Process Workshop: How to deal with the stress of 

looking for a job; how to keep stress from negatively affecting your job interviews. 
Excellent for all job se~kers! Revelle College Infonnal Lounge. Free. 

2 pm - Pre-law Club . Students interested in starting pre-law club; legal advisor Tom Hull 
~iIl join discus~ion for future events: speakers, trips, workshops, LSAT preparation, legal 
Issues and curriculum. 105 Matthews-Conf. Room. 

3-6 pm - Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
3 pm - Meeting. Revelle RHB (Residence Hall Board). CQmmunity Center Conference 

Room. 
4 pm - Meeting. RPB (Revelle Program Board). 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 
4 pm - Joint Biomechanics and Solid Mechanics Seminar, room 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle . 

Prof. Charles R. Steele,.Stanford Univ., " Some Aspects of the Mechanics of Hearing." 
4 pm - Fourth College Ad-Hoc Programming Committee meeting. DisCUSSion and 

planning for upcoming events at Fourth College. 7~1 Matthews Campus. 
4:~ :30pm-Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
:Hi pm - Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room. 
5 pm - CPB Pop Events Subcommittee meeting. Vice Chancellor's Conference room, 

Bldg. B, Student Center Complex. 
5-7 pm - Belly Dance. North Balcony. 
:Hi pm - Aikido. East Conf. Room Student Center. 8-9: 30 pm Wrestling Room. 
5 pm - Student Center Board Meeting. Student Center. 
5 pm - ."Illusions In the Gallery," Mandeville Art Gallery. Exhibition of paintings by New 

York artISt, Alan Turner, and a gallery installation of the film "Swimmer," by Bill Lund-
berg. Gallery hours are noon t05 p.m. Sun. through Fri. Exhibit through Dec. 2. 

5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap session at 
7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. 

5:~:30 pm - Horseback Riding . La Jolla Fanus. 
6-9 pm - Snow Ski Club, H&SS 1300 - Films and Lecture. 
6: 30 pm - Student Cooperative meeting. North Conference Room, Student Center. 

. 7 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. Everyone is invited. Revelle 
Informal Lounge. 

7 pm - Organizational meeting of Black Science StudentS Organization. APM 2113, Muir. 
7: 30-11 pm - Chess Club Meets. All are welcome. Revelle Coffee Shop. 
7:30 pm - Advanced lecture for all Transcendental Meditators. Title : Integration of the 

Fifth State of Consciousness Into Daily Life. Revelle Formal Lounge. 
8 pm - Israeli Folk Dance club. 8-9 review, 9-10:30 dances by request. Rec Gym Conf. 

Room. 
9: 15 pm - Movie "Seven Days in May:' 5&Dime, Free. 

U.S. Geological Survey. For further information concerning this organization and to sign 
up for an int~rview, please come into the Career Planning and Placement Service, Student 
Center, 

8: 30 am..... . e Committee on College Mfairs). 
Noon 12=rpm - 000 0 g. sUing Room. 
12 noon - A discussion on Christian Science entitled "Protection Where Lions Lurk". 

Everyone is invited. Revelle Community Center. Free. 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Chem. Clinic. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Biological 

Sciences. 410 HL (basement). _ 
12:30-1:30 pm - Sex, Love, and Roll- The History and Politics of Boogie. A lecture with 

slides and music by Richard Keller Simon. Bring your lunch. HL 1438. Free. 
12:30 pm - Introductory Presentation on the Transcendental Meditation program as 

taught by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi: North Conference Room, Student Center. 
2:30 pm - lutroductory Presentation on the Transcendental Meditation program as 

taught by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
2:30 pm - Solid State Physics Seminar, room 2313 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. Oscar Lumpkin 

"NMR In Deoxy-Myoglobin." . , 
3 pm - Political Science Colloquium, Revelle Formal Lounge. Dr. Fred Greenstein 

Princeton Univ. , "The Presidency Reconsidered." , 
3-5 pm. - VoCational Counseling Sessions. For students concerned about their occupational 

or vo:atlOnal futur~s. Also, for students concerned or confused about their major. Advanced 
appomtments required. Call 3755 or 3490 for appointment. Robert Kavanaugh, Ph.D. leader. 
Revelle Counselor's Office. 

3:30pm-Archery. Room 20, Rec. Gym. 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 
4 :30 pm - VarsHy Basketball, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. Camp Pendleton. 
4: 30-6 : 30 pm - Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap session at 

7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. 
5:30 pm - Union of Jewish Students planning meeting. Student Organizations Confer~nce 

Room, Student Center. 
6-7:30 pm-Outing Club. Rec. Conf. Room. . 

6-~ : 3O pm - Students Active Towards Community Health weeKly meeting. We are siill 
lookmg for energetic students who are interested in Community Health to join as members. 
We welcome all science and non-science members. No nurds please. Revelle Informal 
Lounge. 

7-10 pm- UCSD Soaring Club. General meeting. TLH 107. 
7 pm-lO pm - Balkan Folk Dancing: 7-8 beginners,lHl :3O intermediate, 8:30-10 dances by 

request . Please note new location: USB 3010. 25 cents students/50 cents non-students. . 
7:30 pm - Bahai Fireside - Baha'u'llah, the Divine Physician, with the remedy for the 

world's illness. All interested students, faculty and staff are invited to the Fireside with 
special guest speaker Mr. Fred Schecter in the Revelle Formal Lounge. Fore more info call 
Danny or Tim at 2225202. Revelle Formal Lounge. Free. 

7:30 pm - lutroculjtory Presentation on the Transcendental Meditation program as 
taught by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. North Conference Room, Student Center. 

GuntTol Data Corporation. For further information concerning this organization and 
sign up fQr an interview, please come into thc Career Planning and Placement 
Student r Complex, Building B. 

9 am - Iv ttoiaal . f'tr l1ients who feel very lethargic and UlllmOUV:ltP<l 
academically. The aiffl worksHop wi1l be to help the student become more 
and more successful in his or her academic pursuits. Revelle 's Counselors Office x3490. 

9-11 am - Student evaluation of Counseling and Psychological Services. Open to aU 
students. 412 Matthews Campus. . . . 

10:45 am - Focus on UCSD. KSDO radio, 1130 AM, Roger Revelle talks a 
colleagueship. . 

11 :30 am - UCSD Staff Association Meeting, Sumner Aud., SIO. Dr. Paul Saltman 
discuss " Fruits, Nuts and Baloney." 

11 :30-1 :30 pm - Table with Information and petition for Amnesty international. 
Plaza. 

12 noon - AMES 205, Seminar N". 5, Film Series, "Flow Visualization". 7104 Urey 
free. Open to public. 

12 noon - Lunchtime concerts coordinated by Tamas Ungar. Piano recital by 
Delise. Bring your lunch. Mandeville Recital Hall. Free. 

12 noon - Rape Task Force meeting. Women's Center, Stud~nt Center. 
Noon 12-1 pm-Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
2-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Chem. Clinic. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Bi(llo~~ical 

Sciences. 410HL (basement). . 
12-4 :30 pm - Birth Control Cllnlc. ·Counseling, information, appointments, call 452-2669 

drop by. Student Health. 
12:30-2:30 pm - Sex Clinic. For students seeking information or counseling'about 

sexual functioning. Hugh Pates, Laurie Kuhn, Dalynn Proffitt leaders. Revelle COlllnSelolr's] 
Office (nexttothe Provost's Ofrice) . 

1-2 pm - Folk Dance. Conf. Room. 
1-2 pm - Exploring Careers In the Healtb Sciences - the files of public health with K. 

M.P.H. Student Center Complex Room A (East Conf. Room) . 
3-5 pm - Resume writing and critique: A how-to-do-it workshop on resume fU~Klament<ll 1s. 

If you have a resume or only a draft, bring it to be critiqued. Please sign up at 
Planning & Placement, Bldg. B, Student Center Complex. 

~pm -Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
4 pm - Physics Department Colloquium, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Richard 

Univ. of Utah, "Soil Properties of Mars." 
4 pm - Calpirg meeting. Student Organizations Conference Room, Student Center. 
4 pm - New Poetry Series, Revelle Formal Lounge. Ted Enslin, who has been called 

"latter-day-Thoreau," will read from his nature- and music-inspired poetry. 
.4 pm-SymposiUm, room 104 Third College Lecture Hall. John Mollenkopf, Stanford Univ., 

will speak on the stresses imposed by the transition in American cities from emphasis 
industry to their emergence as financial centers. 

4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 
4:30-6 :30 pm - Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
4:3Opm-Volleyball,Rec. Gym. UCSan Diego vs. USIU. 

~ pm - Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room. 
6-7: 30 pm - Belly Dance. Student Center. 
6-9 pm - Surf Club. H&SS 2305, 
6 pm - UCSD Dance DrIll Team. Organizational meeting. Come! and find out about 
R~velle Formal Lounge. 

6-7 :30 pm - Ballroom Dancing. Rec. Conf. Room. 
6-7 :30 pm - Informal discussion on the meaning of Christianity, sponsored by 

Catholic Community, 507 MC. 
6-10 pm - Free childcare is available at the Women's Center. 
7 pm - Mandatory meeting Pisolitic Uranites.lf you wish to go on Baja trip (11113-14) 

must attend. Gameroom Conference Room, Student Center. 
8 pm - Wednesday Evenings at the Mandeville Center Concert Series - Tamas 

Piano; works by Rands, Beethoven, Bartok and Liszt. UCSD Music Department. Ge 
$3.00, student and sr. citizen $2.00. 

8 pm-midnight - Come celebrate your "Unbirthday" at the PUB - an excuse for a 
with disco dancing. Third College Snack Bar. 

at's 
Up? 

by Dr. LHtlcman 

We've no time this week for 
idle chit-chat! We've got so 
much space and so little to say! 
Wait...switch that. 

Dear Doc: Is sex wu best for 
your stick? Signed - A Losl 
Surfer WIthout FrIction. 

According to our 
investigative reporter, 
lost and forgotten sufer, 
Wax isn't the best. It is 
personal opinion that this 
wax is sticky and quite 
quote many hair dre!lllel'!l 
reterring to another Drn.tll~t-"I 
feels like an oily mess" 
have found for all you 
apes that the wu will 
hair on legs , 
anywhere else, and does 
some irritation. For 
summer and winter use It 
suffice. However, waxes by 
Wax Research Company 
better. 

A sticky mess for your stick. 
brought to you by 
Formula 44. 

triton times PageS 

11/8 - II/Ill 
Upjohn Corporation. For further information concerning this organization and to sign up 

for an interview, please come into the Career Planning and Placement Serv[ce, Student 
Center Complex, Building B. 

9 am - 12 noon and 1 pm - 3 pm - Monterey Instit"t of oreign Stud' s See Bachelor's 
and Mastcr's degree candidates in several foreign 18tJg ages, lnterna i nal economic and 
management; credentials in secondary teaching, translation and interpretation. Located in 
Monterey, Ca. Students with strong interest in foreign languages and international relations 
are urged to attend. Student Center Complex, Bldg. B. 

Noon 12-1 pm - Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12-4 pm .and 6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Chem. Clinic. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Biological 

Sciences. 410 HL (basement). . 
124: 30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, appointments, ca \1 452-2669 or 

drop by. Student Health. 
12: 30 pm - Sumner Noon Series, Sumner Aud., SIO. Ms. Elsie McElhiney will present a 

slide show entitled, "A Tour of Russia." 
I pm - Political Science ColloquIum, room 1402 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Lawrence Badash, 

UC Santa Barbara, " Rutherford, Kapitza and the Kremlin." . I 
2-4 pm -Un-stresslng the job seeldng process: How to deal with the stress of looking for a 

job; how to keep stress from negatively affecting your job interviews: Excellent for all job 
seekers!! Please sign up at Career Planning & Placement Bldg. B, Student Center. 

2 pm - Disabled Students Union meeting. Everyone welcome. DSU Office, Student 
Center. 
3-5 pm - Vocational Counseling SessIons. For studeilts concerned about their occupational 

or vocational futures. Also, for students concerned or confused about their major. Advanced 
appointments required. Call 3755 or 3490 for appointment. Robert Kavanaugh , Ph.D. leader. 
Revelle Counselor's Office. . 

3-4 :30 Rm - Optical Information Processing Seminar, Dr. Norman Baily, UCSD School of 
Medicine, "Holography in Radiology". AP&M 3218. 

3 pm - Team Handball. Rec. Coof. Room. 
3:30 pm -Field Hockey, Muir Field. UC San Diego vs. Point Lorna. 
3:30 pm - COIImochemistry Seminar, room 2102 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. Torrence John-

son, Cal Tech., "Recent Research on the Major Satellites of Jupiter. " 
4 pm - Commuter Student Meetillg. 302 Matthews Campus. 
4-5 pm - Test Anxiety Worksbop. For students experiencing Test Anxiety, who want to 

improve their test taking ability. Hugh Pates, Phd. Director Revelle Counselor'S Office. 
4 pm - Symposium: Hidden Roots of the Fiscal Crisis. Third College Lecture Hall, Room 

104, new Third College campus. Free. 
4 pm - High Energy Pbyslcs Seminar, room 1148 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Eldad Gildener, 

"Radiatively Induced Spontaneous Symmetry Breaking." 
4 pm - Badminton, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. San Diego Mesa. 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 
4 pm - Astropbyslcs-Space Pbyslcs Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Robert P. Lin, 

UC Berkeley, "Space Observations of Magnetic Mer.ging." 
4 pm - Dr. Thomas Bever, Psycbology Dept. Columbia University Schermerhorn Hall: 

The Biological and Bahavioral Basis of Language. Host : Dr. Ursula Bellugi. Small Seminar 
Room. Salk Institute. 

4:30-6:30 pm - Yoga, Adaptive RoomlorStudent Center. 
4:30 pm - Outing Club. Check-out Storage Area. 
5 pm - Third College Faculty/Student Assembly. (Biology majors and Biology faculty) . 

General discussion of Biology Major Program, Review of lower division courses, review of 
major requirements. BSB 2100. 

5-6 pm - Aikido. East Conf. Room. 
5-6 :30 pm-Ballroom Dance. Rec. Conf. Room. 
7-10 pm - Fencing. West Balcony. 
7 pm - Amlrl Imamu Baraka Lecture, International Center, Matthews. Baraka, 

poet/playwright/activist will conduct a seminar for the year-long program entitled 
"Stepfathered by Blind Lemon : Contemporary Perspectives in American Literature." 

7 pm -Meeting. Revelle HPA (Hall Program Advisors ). 
7: 30 pm - Film and Roundtable, room 104 'Third College Lecture Hall . Short Film on the 

life of poet Pablo Neruda, winner of the 1971 Nobel Prize for Literature. Free. 
7:30 pm - "Guess Again": Women's orientation film about the status of women at UCSD, 

made by three UCSD women students. USB 2722. Free. 
7: 45 pm - Slide show in solidanty with Puerto Rican Solidarity.HL Aud. Free. 
8 pm - "The Cherry Orchard," UCSD Theatre, Matthews. Chekhov's play about the 

Russian landed gentry about to be ·toppled by the turmoil of the 20th century. The play, 
under the direction of Drama Dept. Chairman Arthur Wagner, will run through Nov. 14 and 
Nov. 16-21. General admission : $3.50. All students: $2. Tickets are available from noon to 4 
p.m. Mon. throl!gh Fri. at the UCSD Theatre. For information telephone 452-3791 . 

8 pm - UCSD Drama Dept. Presents: The Inner City Cultural Center's Production of 
"Boesman and Lena" by Athoe Fugard. Mandeville Aud. G.A. $3.50, students $2.00. Tickets 
at UCSD Theatre Ticket Office -Mon-Fri 12-4 pm. 

9-11 pm .. Game night at the 5&Dlme. Muir 5&Dime. 

Dear Doc: Is there any way to 
get really hIgh at UCSD? 

We are not sure exactly what 
you mean, but since we've 
promised to answer any and all 
questions, here goes-Yes you 
can! The UCSD Soaring Club 
tows it members up to 3000 feet 
and above. Mter that they are 
on their own. The clultcharges a 
$30 yearly membership for the 
first year, and '20/year 
thereafter. The money goes to 
pay for insurance, up keep on 
planes, parachutes (If you don't 
have your own) and repacking. 
The cost of the tow runs bet· 
ween ~10 depending on how 
high you want to go. Uke 
anything else in We the higher 
You want to be the more It Is 
gOing to cost. The club takes 
trips-to lAke Elsinore, Torrey 
Pines, and the tqh and low 
deserts. Tomorrow night at 7: 00 
pm in TLH 107 the club will be 
showing for free Une movie. 
?n getting it up-tbe plane that 
IS. If you can't make it, drop by 
their office located near the 

Revelle cafeteria. 
Dear Doc: How do you get 

Into a practice room If you are 
taking a musIc class, but are not 
a music major? 

One way that is often tried but 
not recommended is the ever-
popular breaking and entering. 
Again , this is not recom-
mended. Each college resident 
dean's office will take sign-ups 
in their offices for students in 
their donns to use their practice 
rooms. The Mandevelle Center 
practice rooms are open to all 
studltnta-if you know where to 
sign up. Each week down in the 
bottom of the center, in room E-
150 to be exact, sign ups are 
taken on Monday mornings at 
8:00 am. You may not sign up 
for more than two hours per 
day. To sign up, you must an-
swer tJJe fonowing questions : 
What is your name? What is 
your quest? What is your 
favorite color? WhIt Is the air 
speed of the swallow? We warn 
you, don't make anyrnlstakes! 

Air Research MaDllfacturing Co. For further information concerning this orgnnization 
and to sign up for an interview, please come into the Career Planning and Placement Ser-
vice, Student Center, Building B. ~ 

12-4 pm - OASIS Blo-Cbem. Clinic. Tutoring in Chemistry an e!J}1jl1iil:~~H1ces. 410 
HL (basement). 

12-6 pm - Table ennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
12-1 pm - Noon Concert featuring "Dance of the University Orchestra". Revelle Plaza. 
12-4 :30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, appointments, ca ll 452-2669 or 

drop by. Student Health . 
12 :05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar. Department of the Scripps Institution of 

Oceanography. Speaker : Dr. Leslie E. Orgel, Fellow of the Royal Society, Fellow, The Salk 
Institute, and adjunct Professor of Chemistry. UCSD. Subject : " Origin of Life: Self 
Replicating Molecules" . 

2 pm - AMES-Bioellgineering Seminar, Robert Siefert and Paul Zupkas, Graduate 
Students Bioengineering, "Current Bioengineering Research at UCSD". Rm 2100 BSB, 
Matthews Campus. 

3 pm - Topics in Respiration, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Peter D. Wagner, " Dif-
fusion and Chemical Rp.action in Pulmonary Gas Exchange." 

4 pm - Volleyball, Rec. Gym. UC San Diego vs. USD. 
4 pm - Water Polo, Pool. UC San Diego vs. Univ. of Arizona . 
4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
6 pm - Water Polo, Pool. UC San Diego vs. UC Riverside. 
7-9 pm - Team Handball. Rac. Gym. 
7 and 9:30 pm -Movie: "Hearts ofthe West". USB 2722. $1.25 admission. 
7-10 pm - Program on Parapsychology. "The Probability of the Impossible: Scienti fic 

Discoveries and Explorations in the Psychic World". a UC San DieJ'(o Extension proJ'(ram. 
Progri,lm with author Thelma Moss, Ph.D., Research Psychologist at UCLA 's Neuro-
psychiatric Institute. Investigations into contemporary parapsychology concepts. $34 
credit. $29 non-credit. Rm. 2100 BSB, School of Medicine, Matthews Campus. 

7:30 pm - The Department of Literature and The Third College present Amiri lmamu 
Baraka [Lerol Jones] , poet, playwright and novelist, who will do a reading at the 
Educational Cultural Center, 4343 Oceanview Blvd., San Diego. Mr. Baraka will be at UCSD 
between November 10 and 16. Contact the Literature Department, Ext. 3214, for more in-
formation. 4343 Oceanview Blvd., San Diego. 

7 :30 pm - Tbe Golden Age in Government, Is it a Reality?" Including a discussion on EI 
Morya's Encyclical of World Goodwill. Alpha Omega-Alliance. USB 3050A. 

7:30 pm - " Report From China" - outstanding documentary film about China's northern 
province. Guest speaker: Maud Russell, author and lecturer. Mission Hills 1st 
Congregational Church, Jackdaw and Fort Stockton. Free. 

8 pm - "The Cherry Orchard." For details see 8 pm Thurs. 
8 pm - UCSD Folk Dance Club - International Night. 8-9 review, 9-midnight dances by 

request, AP&M 2402. 
8-12 midnight - Dance, Fourth College. All Fourth College students are invited to dance to 

the live music of "Bison" . Matthews Cafeteria. Free. 
. 8:30 pm - Gus Giordano Dance Company, Mandeville Aud. Their modern, jazz dance has 

been called "freer, more exciting, less classical and less academic." General admission: 
$4. UCSD students : $2.50. Tickets available at the UCSD box office, 452-4559. 

9 pm -2 am - Midnight indoor sports classic. Mixed doubles sports-fun and competition in 
volleyball, badminton, table tennis and innertube waterpolo. Limited entries so sign-up 
early. Main and Rec Gyms. Contact Mike Hipp, Recreation Office. 

Sat. & Sun. - Field trip to Pino Solo, Baja Calif., sponsored by Pisolitic Uranites, leaving 
UCSD early Sat. return ea rly Sunday evening. 

9 am - 4 pm - Works bop on Home Maintenance and 
Diego Extension Program. "Landlording: Landlor·cIJlIMldJ .... I.lll1l!!if·W 
selves". Operational guidlines for rental property 0 ' rding" A 
Handymanual for Scrupulous Landlords and Landladies Who Do It Themselve ". Rm 104, 
Third Lecture Hall. Third College Campus. $25 .00 

10 am - 4:30 pm - Program on Parapsychology. "The Probability of the Impossible : 
Scientific Discoveries and Explorations in the Psychic World", a UC San Diego Extension 
program. Program with author Thelma Moss, Ph.D., Research Psychologist at UCLA 's 
Neuropsychiatric Institute. Investigations into contemporary parapsychology concepts. $34 
credit. $29 non-credit. Rm. 2100 B~B, School of Medicine , Matthews Campus. 

10:30 am - Campus Tours, f~ont walk, Central University Library. Guided tours con-
ducted by UCSD students. Free. 

11-12:30pm-Aikido, Wrestling room. 
5:30 pm - Catholic mass. University Community Church, 9595 La J ulla Shores Dr. 
7 pm- Movie: "Along Came Jones" and " High Noon". USB 2722. $1.00 admission. 
7pm-12 midnight - Muir Block Party, dancing to "New Joy" and "Oysterman". Upper 

Muir Commons. 
7: 30 pm - Amlri Imamu Baraka [Leroi Jones], poet, playwright & novelist, will speak on 

" Black Art and Revolutionary Art: The 60's and the 70's" Mr. Baraka is the first of five 
Regent's Lecturers who will appear in the Literature Department's year-long program 
titled "Steplathered By Blind Lemon! Contemporary Perspectives in Amer ican 
Literature". Third College Lecture Ha11104. Free. 

7:30-10:30 pm - Film. ChiJe Democratico presents one showing of 35 mm. German film : 
" I Was, I Am, I Will Be". Black and white film, English with Spanish tape. Film will be 
preceded by introductory comments. Mandeville Center Auditorium. Free. 

8 pm - "The Cherry Orchard." For details see 8 p.m. Thurs. 
8 pm - Multi Media Concert, with Chris Chafe and Gerry Gabel UCSD Music Department. 

Mandeville Center Recital Hall. Free. 
9-1 pm - Dancing at Ubiquity. Black Frost playing the tunes. Refreshments and free 

popcorn. Revclle South Dining Hall. 50 cents. 

8: 30 am - Catholic mass. University Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
12: 03 pm - Episcopal Services. University Corrununity Church. 
3-7 pm - If you would like to meet AMIRI IMAMU BAR KA [LEROI JONES ], poet, 

playwright and novelist, the Department of Literature and 'lbird III baving an 
infOnfial reception in the Student Center Lounge. Free. 

5 pm - Catholic mass. University Oommunity Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
7 pm - Women's Caucus of Student Cooperative Union. Student Organizations Conference 

Room. . 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge - free bridge games - open to everyone. Revelle orth Dining 

Hall. Free. 
7:30 pm - Slide/Lecture Program, International Center, Matthews. Luna Fung and 

Dorothy Edwards will present, "Glimpse of Every-Day Life in People 's Republic of China." 
Genera I admission : $2. 

8 pm - "The Cherry Orchard." For details see 8 p.m. Thurs. 
8 pm - Chamber Singers, directed by John Large, UCSD Music Department. Mandeville 

Center Recital Hall , Free. 

I , 



........ ; E'.III, .111 •••••• ,111' 
TAMAS ,010IR. Plnlsl 

•• ,ember 10 8pm 
POII-Elaellan COD carl SPICIII 

. 81 all Dn III Ile.lls 
wllh mlniion or prlllDllllon olld 

r---~~~~~:--';:;;:~'~~:;;;i:-'--/ 
i ~ 
• I I : 
· , l , 

~ i 
I ~ , : 
l j 
; ) , ) 
t 1 
• J • I , ... . 
: 1 
, ' : , 
t , 

, Gus Giordano' I ~ I ~ Jazz Dance Co. ~ , : 
i November 12 8:30 pm ~ I Mandeville Auditorium ~ 
, Slu. S2.50, 6.1. S4.50 i 
t nckets: UC San Diego Box Office 452·4559 : 
.......... - .-.......... -...................................................... ~ ..................................... - ................ -! 

hair 
cutting II REDKEN I 
team Retail Center 

All haircuts 100% guaranteed 
5625 La Jolla B(vd . 4598218 

Now Open Mondays, too , 

.rIt •••• h •• os 

10% off 
purehaH. with Student ID 

(acludl ... ' ..... tem. 
aad balla) 

MoRtl" tIIru s.tur4., '·6 
2156 Awenltla de 18 PIa,a 

III La Jolla Shons 

MODdlly, November I , 1171 

Fidelity's Athlete of Month 
Soccer Star Gonzales 
Given October Award 

by D8vtd EIHD 
. When AlfOlllO Gonzales was 
growing up in Tepatitlan, Jalisco, 
Mexico, hIa friends decided that he 
would play goalie in their nearly 
constant soccer I(ames. 

. "If you didn't know how to play 
_ in the field, or if you were slow," 
Gonzales now explains, "you had 
to play goalie," 

Gonzales now knows how to play 
In the field, and is anything but 
slow, Friday, he was named UC-
SO's Athlete of the Month for 
October, in the first of monthly 
awards presented by Fid.elty Union 
Ufe 's College Master program, 

"College Master will present a 
' .I 

age of 14, Gonzales , worked In the 
fields for three years before going 
on to Ventura College. It was 
during this time, while playing on 
clulHype teams, that he developed 
much of the talent he has put to 
good use at U~D, 

• 'I believe that my biggest assets 
are an ability to kick the ball very 
hard, and a knowledge of what has 
to be done to score goals," Gon-
zales says. Those assets, with the 
talents of Allen Cox, Jalro Marin, 
and Carlos Ponte have combined 
for the · league's most potent of· 
fensive line, 

Despite his soccer success, 
Gonzales doesn't see his future in 

AIJonso Gonzales receives Athlete of the Month aword from College Master 
agent A'1na Brzuza . Other agents looking on are. back row from left. Bud 
Howerton . Brad Cannon. Duane Tanner, Dan O'Brien. Jo hn P UIZ, and 
Mark Tysdal. Second row · Ross Rampy , George Clevenger, Erich Ben-
rldor!! and Jay Thomas . Not shown · Andy Gerdeman , Donna Orlich . Linda 
Green. Linda Cooley. Barbara Hester, Chris. Atkins, and Sheila Zabawa. 

monthly award to top male and kicking a ball, Instead, he would 
female U~D athletes each month, like to pull teeth: 
as well as a perpetual trophy going "1 am trying to get into dental 
to the top athlete of t~ qua.rter , school now," he says. " If I can 't 
UCSD c~ches and ~rltQn Tu~es get in, I would teach soccer to kids, 
sports w:lters combme to deCide maybe in high school or on a club 
who receives the awards, team." 

Gonzales , a z:>.year-old senior, 
has scored 11 goals in eight games, 
heading the list of Triton soccer 
scorers and sparking UCSD into 
this week's NAIA play-offs, 

After coming to America at the 

After accepting the award 
Friday Gonzales said, "I am very 
pleased to recieve this, and I think 
the team deserves most of it. 
Whatever I am able to do, it is 
mainly because of the rest of the 
guys." 

PROJECTION 
Where Lions Lurk 

A Discussion on Christian Science Given By 

Harvey 
w. 

Wood 

SUBJECT MAnER Will INCLUDE: 
*God viewed as a one .nd onl, Mind in an entinly ....... 1 

univers •• 
* Man's native control over injurious mental intI •• ",.s. 
*Ho. a Christian Scientist ncoplz •• (tlli.) df,,1ne po.er in 

moral " phy.lcal he""" 
NY QUESTIONS ABOUT CHRISTIAN SCIENCE Will IE ADDRESS 
URING THE QUESTION & ANSWER SESSION. ' 

12:00 NOON 
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 9th 

in the Revelle Community Center 
(right next to the Sundry Store) 

Free Admission 
Sponsored by the Christian Science 0 rganization 

MODdlly, November I , 11'71 triton times 

[TRiTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Adsi 
TRAVEl fOR SAlE Muir College Is excepting nominations for who's who In Amerlcl/1 coll.ges & Unlver· 

sltles. lor applications & eddltlonal Info, 
contacl the Mulrdeensolflce. (II 18) Ski lhe Beet • Ski Aspen . & days lifts: 

lodging,. breaklasts lor $200. Call Larry 453-
1969(11110) 

EUROPE, ISRAEL, AFRICA 
Sludent Charter flights yr . round, ISCA 1608 
Westwood Blvd . 1103 L.A. 90024 213182&-
5669 (12/6) 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUSI N_ Vone & 
Europe IIIghts . PSA reservations CIEE 
Siuden! Travel Services , open Mon., Wed .. 
Fri . 12-4 pm. Call 452-0630 (12/6) 

Full Service Travel Agency. All carr iers in-
cluding charters! American YoUlh Hostel 
cards avallabl • . Cal l Seryel or Sam at TMT 
452-1981. NO SERVICE CHARGE I (12/6) 

WANTEd 
Desperately need a receipt I rom the 
bOOl<slore for $16.50 within the 1 .. 1 IWO 
weeks . Pl .... help! Terry 452-2452. (1 118) 

Pre-Law students interes ted In starting In-
formal club ..- this Mon. Nov, 8 al 2:00 
p.m. 105 Matthews. Legal Advisor Tom Hull 
(Academic Altal rs) wil l aid In discussion ot 
Law School Con terence (Tues.); possibil ities 
tor future speakers, tri ps, woneshops; LSAT 
preparation, legal/Issues and c urriculum, 
(11110) 
Persons with big .... d small heeds lor Alpha 
wave study prove that your EEG Isn' t lIal with 
a copy of It . Also need subjects over 50 and 
under 16 yrs . Contact Basic Science Bldg. 
3045 studies every Tues, (11 (10) 
Students tor campus special events com-
mllleeP-U applications at studenl 
organizations X4450 . 

Crews and skippers for Intercollege regatta. 
Nov . 16. Come to Suite 10' Galalhea Tues . 
7:00 Nov. \I or call 453-7737 . 
Wanted , Dead or Allve-creatlve writing and 
art for Helloon . Send clo Helicon to can)pus 
mail C-COS .. (11 I 10) 

Drivers part·1i me , tour service , neat ap' 
pearance, dependable, clean driVing record. 
lale model car, 6 children capability, call 
Paula King 297-1500 Pl 112. 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

MCaT Over 35 v .. rs ... of .xperienc. 
. OAT ;:a;=" 
LUT VoluminoUI home 
ORE studv mlteriall Courses'that are AlGSB cansuntly updated 

OCaT T ape fac ilit Ies for ... r.v i.wlof cl_ 1.lIOnl and for u .. CnAT of sUpplementary rR I materi.ls FLEX Make-ups for ECFMO mi,.... lesaon. 
NArLMEDBDS 

SAT-VAT 
.SAN DIEGO CENTER 

". .. ey 400 PA-.12 H speakers, 8 ch .... nel , 
reverb, anti- feedback. a.no breaking up. 
S8OOoroll . 48I-0387(1118) 

Antique Persian painting Oaja periOd call 
45~272 moms. (1 1/12. 
Rossignol akis 1901:m Geze bindingstTomic 
poles e.c . cond o one season old SI25 .00. 
Call 452-93.s . (11/10) 

10 speed bicycle In good condition best 
oller. Call Katie 454-1618 after 5 or before 9 
(11110. 
Mens 10 speed with extras $120 Janet 454-
4857(11110) , 
Needed Cash? Mold ot a shrunken head 
Mallei 's Creeple Set. 459-147'9 (11/1 2) 
I'or Sale: Like new toaster ; lad l s clothes -
dresses, casuai shoes; pots & pans, 
household misc . CaJI453-~ . (11 115) 

ItOUSiNG 
1 male needed to share 2 bdrm apt at Del Mar 
Beach Club start. winter quarter 755-691 4 
(11/12) 
Rent room In house in Clalremont. Mixed 
group looking for nonsmoking female . 279-
6 478 evenings (t 1 (12) 
Ne8d F housemate Dec. beaullful apt. In W 
unf. own huge rm $135 mo . Pool , sauna, near 
UCSD. Erica 453-1690 (11/12) 

• 
La Jolla Woodlands condo must sell: 
$49 .500. 2 bdrm , 2 I 12 ba. Garage. Call 488-
1104 or 755-5733 after 6:00 (11 18) 
Prefer nonsmoking F 21 + 10 share beautiful 
2 bed, 2 bath apt. In Del Mar. Located across 
Irom bch. Privacy, pool , Jacuzzi, sauna, 
laundry, dishwasher, & parklng .SI58/mo. 

F wanted to live wl30lher In townhome 1 ml 
to UCSO. $100. Ouiet house: pool , lacuzz,. 
453-6433. (11 112) 
Male roommate wanted own room Sl20 / mo 
in Oef Mar nice house 50 yds Irom beach . Call 
755-7818 eve. 

• SERVICES 
Typing-IBM selectric Iheses, dissertations , 
etc . e.perienced , reasonable, Mrs. Olds 45$-
0127 . (12 /6) '-
ACAD EMIC RESEARCH PAPERS . 
Thousan'lts on lile. Send $1 ,00 for your 192-
page, mall order calalog . 11322 Idaho Ave ., 
N206H, Los Angeles, Calif . 90025 (213) 477-
8474. (1216) 
The BOOI< Coop Is alive and we ll and open M-
F 10 a.m . - 3 p.m. located near the Revelle 
Lounges . (11/10) 

... . 

Typing - Marilyn would like to lulflll your 
typing needs - expert , reasonable , has an 
IBM. Call 565-7060. (II 18) 
LOSE unwanled pounds & Inches . Easy way 
to lose weight and keep 110ft! Call Lynn 481-
8290(12/6) 
WOMANCARE: Sell-help clinic , abortion 
prenalal , annual eKams 1050 Garnel P.B . 488-
7591 f12/6) 
Classical guitar lessons , technique pieces 
Segovia meth'od beginners welcome . 
Reasonable. 454-1736 . 
Tutoring in Algebra, Trig , Anal. Geom, Phys , 
calculuS, slatlsllcs, liRE. Call 287-4751 . Ish . 

The Golden Age In Government. Is It reality? 
Including a discussion on EI Moyra's 
Encyclical of World Good Will USB3050A 
755-0816. Fridays 7:30 pm FREE (1 1/ 12. 

Typlng-85 centsl psge. - " you need your 
paper or report tYPeOcall Janel at 270-1874. 

PERSONAL 
SAF Hew"lngs will be held on M&W (the 11th & 
10th) from 10011' am and ~ pm. Celt X4450 
lor .. appt . or mono Inlo, All student 
org .. IZ8Ilons desiring lundlng throuGh the 
Coop h ... to INk ... IPpt . (11/10) 

The Golden Age In Governmenl , is It Reality? 
Including a discussion on EL Moyra'. 
Encyclical of Good Will . US83050A 755-a!16 
Friday. 7:30pm FREE (11 112) 

DOgie , I love you sp much and I wish I could 
be with you all Ire t lmo. I wish I could cook 
lor you and pick up after you and IISlen 10 all 
your daily slorles in person . I wish I could fall 
asleep in your arms every night and wake up 
to no covers. 

PJD-hope your 21 st is everything you want It 
10 be-love , Peggy . PS Mozambique Is Slill 
selling eggs. 

Flying high Is more fun togelher. Voao 

Carol, have yOu been practicing your dol to 
dot or your TTT . I'll talle you on next time 
we're bored , Sc.uzzles 

Fish-li ps Thanks tor lelling me hear the tape, 
I always love hearing your twin sing. PS 
How's Linda 

Anita-lake good care of him. He IS ' A very 
special person. 

Bob-Thank you for us It was good while It 
lasted. Vou will always have a special part of 
my heart . 

Shah Peter-Vou made it. Happy 21st from the 
last of Ihe Harem . CSK 

To l06A TA: Vou would look so much better 
If you smiled and took off your clothes. Love 
you . - A local 

Australian thanks for caring . Hope we can 
slill be friends I like talking 10 you. Love J. 

Cruyass - hope your birthday this year II-the 
best you've ever had. Much Love, Honeybuns 

I found it! 

Surfboard - Tl0" rounded pintail , excenent 
condition . Ideal beginners board 453-nI8 
(11/8) 

spECiAL 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 

The following Ust 01 courses will be ofl~ret:l 
by Ihe Urban and Rural Studies Program 
during the Winter Quarter 1977 . If you have 
any questions regarding any 01 Ihe courses, 
please contact the URS 011 Ice, 411 Malthew$ 
Campus. extenSion 3692. 

URS WINTER QUARTER SCHEDULE 
24 Soclely in Acllon (Abramovlch) 

' 0-107B Research In Policy Formallon 
(Slembleda) 
I to Introduction to Planning and Urban 
Development (Siembieda. 
U-I20B Social Polley and Social Planning 
(Heifetz) 
0-121 B Policy and Planning In Higher 
Educalion (Heifetz) 
U-l29 Deficit Modeling (Thomas) 
U-146 Case Studies In l"iealth Care Programs 
(Bush) 
U-151 Aspec ts 01 Black Identity (Thomas) 
U-170B Soclo-Economlc Change In 
Developing Areas (Blumberg) 
U-1 B6 Field Studies in Urban and Rural 
Studies 
D-1!IO Senior Seminar (Heifetz. 
0-198 Dlrecled Group Study (Stall) 
0-199 Independenl Siudy (Slall)(11112) 

URS 146: Case Studies in Health Care 
Programs, Ms. Ann Bush, Instructor, The 
purpose pf this course Is 10 select Identified 
pop ulations with special needs and review 
their status 01 c .. , lactors Inf luencing In-
cidence of dlse ..... and heelth problems, 
political and leQlslative measures ",Iated to 
the provislon 01 care . This would be 
population at risk " h •• I!~, ·w l ... I,-tho 

P~7 

(rural and urb.n), mothers and children , 
elderly, Prerequisites : Upper Division 
standing or permission of Instructor 
(depart menial slamp), Mondays, 4:00 10 6:50 
p.m., TLH 110 (11110) 

t· ... · ·~ ·· .. ·~··- .--.··~·· ..... ·~··"1 
iCOMMUNITYf 
(BLOOD BANK! 

URS 24 . Society In Action - Professor J. 
Abramovlch, Instructor. This course Includes 

-social slratlflcatlon, typologies, and In-
dicators of social siratilicatlon , Social class, 
conllict, and social change, Fundamental 
theoretical approaches 10 Ihe study 01 the 
above social phenomena. Within Ihe course 
the lamlly , education, and economic 
slructures will be discussed In lhe conte.1 ot 
social classes and oonlilct. Prerequislles: 
None. Mon-Wed-Frl . 3:00-3:50 p.m ., HSS 
2250 (11/10) 

I . 
• 983 India , ! 327 F Street t 

~ PAYS DONORS ( 
, for Service ! i Mon.· Fri. ~ 
I 233-5481 i i 234·4601 : 
.............. ~ ........ ~ ....... ~-..._ .. _.L 

Especial 
U niversitario 

Caldo de Albondiqas 
y 
• Chile Relleno 

Escoja Uno-
• Enchilada 

$199 • Taco 
• Tamale 

offer good 
with this ad Mon. 

Tues. include. rice , 
Wed . torillo. , buHer 
)~~--_________ -r' __________ ----~~--~~I 

5752lG Jolla Blvd. (Bird Rock) 
=_ 459·2575 
[:~7---_-Toke ~us_~30 .0~_~ ~~_15m~n to our door -- ..:: 
;.I ..................... II ........................ .. 

Discover U. '. C. 's 
. Master 's Degree Program In 

JUDICIAL ADMINISTRATION 
A representative will be at 

Revelle College Plaza 
from 12:00p,m , to 4:3Op,m. 

on Tuesday. November 9th, 1976 
to lnawer que,tlona and dl,c:u .. 

the featUlel! of a career In 

COURT ADMINISTRATION 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ~ 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes ·examined 
prescriptions fil!ed 
contact lerses fined 
repairs 
hoursmon - I 1030 - 800 
sal 10·6 ClOsed sundays 

ports arena blvd. 
(aero fro~ Ihe sport ar nal 

224·2973 224-2974 



trit tilDes 

How to SurVive Campus Life 
by MarleDe H n 

Staff Writer 
Muir College is growin,. It has 

twice as many student' -as was 
originally intended, resulting in 
feelings of anonymity and 
loneliness for new and old students 
alike. 

Page One, a peer counselling 
information center, can help 
combat these feelings. Located on 
Muir campus, it is a place for all 
students to go and rust sit and talk. 
Page One also carries out various 
projects for students, such as the 
assertive~ess-training Workshop 
now being planned. 

PrOVOl' aud DeaD Waa' to Help 
Muir Provost John Stewart and 

Muir Dean Jim Beckley also want 
to help Muir students find direction 
and make their life easier and 
more productive. 

Stewart will help with all 
academic needs. He is the higher 
appeal for students who feel they 
have been treated unfairly or need 
help with petitions. He will also 
help with any problems or 
questions concerning the Special 
Projects major, the one-time-one-
person major offered mainly at 
Muir. 

Beckley is in charge . of aU 

Wipe-ou t. combining business with pleasure. Ralph Hensley 0/ the UCSD 
phYSIcal plant cools off Friday while performing the annual check 0/ campus 
fire hydrants . lIT photo: Bill Brooks] 

CAREER PLANNING ? 
CONSIDERING WORLD AFFAIRS? 
Come to 

THE MONTEREY INSTITUTE OF FOREIGN STUDIES 

ARABIC . ASIAN STUDIES · CHINESE · EDUCATION . ESL • FR~NCH • 
GERMAN • GREEK' • HEBREW' • INDONESIAN' • INTERNATIONAL 
ECONOMICS . INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT . INTERNATIONAL STUDIES 
ITALIAN' • JAPANESE • LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES · NEAR EASTERN 
STUDIES • POLITICAL SCIENCE • PORTUGUESE' • RUSSIAN . SOVIET 
STUDIES . SPANISH . TRANSLATION & INTERPRETATION · WEST EURO 
PEAN STUDIES • TRAINING FOR SERVICE ABROAD • SUMMER SESSION 

• Summer SesSIon only 

An ,ndependent college and graduate ~chool granting the B.A . . M.A . degrees . Teaching 
Credentials. Certificates In Translation , Interpretation, Conference Interpretallon . 
Short ·term language tlalnlng 130 miles south of San FranCISco. Accredited by the 
Western ASSOCiation of Schools & Colleges, California State Board of Education . 
Veteran's Approved For furtherlnformatlon, visit with Ann Thurber , 
Assoc. Dean of Admissions , Thursday , November 11 , 
9:00-3:00 . Appointments may be made through the 
Caree r Planning and Placement Office. 

WARNING: 
The IvoryTower 

is about to 
collapse. 

It's your last year of college. Why think 
about life insurance now? Because, the 
older you get the more it costs. And next 
year, it 's all up to you. Find out 
about olle-geMastcr. 

I 
Call Ih ~ Fi ddil~ l 'ninn CCl"l'g{'Ma~ l {'r It) 

Frdtl A .... ocia ll· in ~"lI r ar{'a : 

Col 

• &.111 \1""11111 U." Url\ ,. 
'''"I' t \ !'.!.i!1· nl.' l',. 
~in 1,\Oft 

student activttiel and eveI')1hinl 
outside the academic realm. He 
wants everyone to feel free to eome 

-in and make an appointment to 
discuss anything at any time. 'He 
will talk to tiludents about their 
career and graduate school 
choices. He will also assist 
students in seeing how they can 
become involved. 

Both Stewart and Beckley stress 
that activities and involvement 
make life at Muir more interesting. 
A coming event at Muir is the Muir 
Block Party, Satw-day, Nov. 13, 
starting at 7 pm, which will have 
mus!c. food and dance. 

T ri<tCOlIege.. -
although they had never actually 
been asked to do so. Elections 
Board member Dave Ernst saw it 
highly unlikely that the referen-
dum would not be held due to lack 
offunds. 

Schneider strongly suggested 
that it be the responsibility of the 
advisory committee to fund the 
hearings on the referendum, if not 
the entire actual referendum, since 
they were the ones who provided 
finances for th~ summer's Task 
Force. It was the Task Force which 
originally called for the referen-
dum hearings and ·recommended 
the content of the referendum 
ballot. 

..... " NMr ....... It'll 

Z el!llGS, HASI-4 ~ 1. ~ 
($CIUMa.o,UP Cll.0\0&1l) 

'1.09 
EGGa,~.., ~ SAU8I1O&, w..,", MOwNa&"1WIaT 


