
This drawing helps explain the familiar dome shape of the 
San Onofre nuclear power plant visible from Hiway 5 . For a 
report on UCSD's nuclear power symposiu, turn to page 3 . 

UCSD 10 Defense Will Ask 
for Dism~issal of Charges as 
Hearings Resume Today 

Attorneys for the ten students 
charged with violations of 
University regulations during the 
Nov. 25 visit ofUC President Saxon 
will ask for dismissal of most 
charges against the students as the 
disciplinary hearings resume 
today. 

Peter Schey, one of three at-
torneys representing the charged 
students, told the San Diego Union 
he thinks the University has failed 
to prove most of the charges 
against his clients. 

The students are charged with 
failure to comply with directions 
from a University official, im-
peding a University official's 
progress and endangering an of-
ficial 's health or safety. If found 
guilty they face a minimum 
penalty of aC::ldemic probation. 

The University's Case 

The University, represented by 
UC counsel Milton Gordon, 
presented its case in seven days 
over .a three-week 'period in late 
February and early March. 
Gordon called several witnesses, 
including administrators and 

campus police, in his attempt to 
convince hearing officer Robert 
Lugannani that the students 
violated the regulations. 

Schey contends that Gordon's 
witnesses failed to show any threat 
to a University official's health and 
safety or that a campus official 
directly ordered any students to 
disperse. 

Schey said he will file written 
motions with Lugannani to that 
effect today. 

Saxon, who testified under heavy 
security at a downtown location 
March 25, said he did not feel 
physically threatened Nov. 25. 

Schey said the third 
charge-impeding a University 
official- is also clouded because 
University witnesses have testified 
that narrow roadways and a 
crowded bridge may have co~ 
tributed to the blocking of progress 
of University officials. 

After concluding his case Gordon 
told reporters he was satisfied that 
his case had documented at least 
one of three charges against all the 
students. 

Journalist Halberstam to 
Speak On Power AbLises 
Pulitzer Priz~winning jour-

nalist David Halberstam, author 
Of. "The Best and the Brightest," 
Will speak tomorrow night on the 

~ and abuses of power at 8 pm 
In the Mandeville auditorium. 

In " The Best and the 
Brightest," Halberstam 
documented how military and 
CIA advisors mislead the civilian 
directors of the Indochina war. 

. 

Halberstam, who has been 
d scribed as a " legend in 
American journalism" by 
Harpers magazine, is considered 
one of America's most 
distinguished and controversial 
j ou rna lists. 

He won his Pulitzer Prize in 
1964 whil reporting for Time 

magazine on the Vietnam war. 
Halberstam was graduated 

from Harvard in 1955. He joined 
the New York Times in 1960 as a 
foreign correspondent before 
moving to Tim~Life. 

Halberstam w ill discuss 
Watergate , the growth of 
presidential power and the 
relationship between government 
and the media . 

His next book- about CBS and 
its pr sident, William 
Paley- will appear in May. 

The Halberstam talk is 
sponsored by the Campus 
Program Board. Tickets are 
available at the student center 
box office at a cost of $1 for 
students. 

• 

McElroy Thinks State Will Restore 
Third College Unit Two Funding 

Chancellor McElroy has had 
"positive indications" that state 
funds necessary to finance Third 
College's Unit 2 will be restored by 
the state legislature. 

McElroy's statement came at 
Wednesday's meeting of the Board 
of Overseers- an advisory group 

composed of prominent local $199,000 Requested 
citizens interested in UC San UCSD requested $199,000 to begin 
Diego. work on the second phase of the 

" We have positive indications Third College campus, but it was 
that these funds will be rei~ not included in Gov. Brown's 
stated," McElroy reported, saying proposed budget sent to the 
he has been encouraged by the I legislature in January. 
course of talks with San Diego Brown's budget can be amended 
legislators. by the legislature, but the 

Dorm Rates to Jump'8% 
Next Year-- Barrett 

Governor has veto power over the 
final budget. 

McElroy had asked the over-
seers to write letters to state 
legislators , requesting the funds be 
restored. Wednesday he thanked 
those who did so, adding, "They 

by Mike Scarano 
Staff Writer 

Housing rates for the 1976-1977 
academic year will go up an 
average of eight percent, ac-
cording to Larry Barrett, director 
of housing and food services. 

Rates for the Revelle and Fourth 
College residence halls will in-
crease the most-$177 for the 
academic year. Muir dorms will 
cost an additional $122, and 
apartment rates will be raised $50 
to $60. 

The increase is expected to be 
one of the highest in the UC 
system, largely because of$l50,OOO 
in additional mortgage expenses 
incurred by the newly constructed 
Mesa apartments and Third 
College dorms. 

According to Barrett, the 
mortgage cost of the new dwellings 
must be covered by the housing 
fees paid by apa rtment and 
residence hall dwellers . 

Wa System-Wide Expense 
He aid that prior to two years 

ago, the cost of new buildings was 
considered a system-wide expense, 
with the mortgage payments 
spread out across all nine cam-
puses. 

However, the present policy 
makes each individual campus 
responsible for its own building 
debts. According to B~rrett , this 
system makes dorm construction a 
costly undertaking to University 
housing residents for quite a while. 
The mortgage on UC San Diego 
buildings generally runs for 40 
years. 

The rate increase was originally 
estimated at 17 percent because of 
the new mortgage expense and 
increasing operating costs. 
Barrett said a hike of this 
magnitude was reviewed and 
considered unacceptable by the 
Chancellor, the college provosts, 
and Barrett himself because ' it 
would pose an unreasonable 
financial burden on student 
residents. 

Barrett cut the increase in half 
by developing a five-year forecast-
budget. Next year's budget in-
cludes a huge $500,000 planned 
den it , which will allow housing 
rates the right percent increase 
next year . 

According to the forecast , rate 
will go up an estimated 8.5 perc nt 
in th subs quent four y aI'S, and 
th op rating deficit will shrink by 
$100,000 ever ear until it is close 
to zero in 1980-81. Thi action will 
allow UCSD' deficit for the fiv~ 
year period to remain within th 
limits of its proportion of the 

t m-wlde re rv fund , whi hi 

allotted to the separate campuses must have helped." 
to cover deficits. Plans for Third's Unit 2 include 

Other Increases 
Infl ation and additional 

operating expenses because of 
expansion have added over 
$600,000 to next year's housing 
budget. Utilities have shot up over 
30 percent, food costs 13 percefit, 
and labor 10 percent, said Barrett. 
These increases represent ad~ 
ditional expenses of $350,000. 

Groundskeeping expenses have 
leapt approximately $40,000 to 
cove r increased landscaped 
acreage on campus. But a recently 
completed study by the main~ 
tenance department has instituted 
shortcuts that will save about 
$80,000 from operating expenses. 
Among other cutbacks, walkways 
will be trimmed less frequently 
and grass will no longer be raked 
aft r it ha been mowed. 

The hiring of three additional 
staff members will cost about 
$45,000, and the cost of shuttle bus 
service from Scripps and off-
campus apartments will rise 
$19,000, said Barrett. 

buildings for the social science and 
humanity programs , and ad-
ditional space for the economics 
department. 

GSU OKs 
AFSCME 
Affi I iation 

Graduate Student Union (GSU) 
members have voted to affiliate 
their union with the American 
Federation of State, County and 
Municipal Employees (AFSCME). 

Over 90 percent of GSU members 
voting preferred AFSCME to the 
American Federation of Teachers 
(AFT), the union 's steering 
committee reports. The vote was 
taken at the end of last quarter. 

The steering committee cited 
lack of affiliation with a union as 
"a determining factor in the GSU's 
decision not to trike at the 
beginning of winter quarter. " 

"Needed Strength" 
AFSCME affiliation will bring 

ontinued on Page 8 

UCSD Woman Missing 2 Months 
by Debora Weber 

Staff Writer 
On Feb. 5, Joy Anne Duquette 

left her home in Poway and drove 
to uc San Diego for classes. She 
went swimming first, as she often 
did . 

She was last seen at about 4:30 
that afternoon. She never attended 
her classes- one in Anthropology 
and two in Visual Arts- nor did she 
keep an appointment with a 
professor. 

When she had not ' returned the 
next morning, Duquette's parents 
notified the north county sheriff's 
office. 

No trace has been found of her, 
and authorities suspect foul play. 

Because of an apparent ad-

Joy Duquette, a Revplle 
sophomore, disapp ared 
Feb . 5 . Anyone who has 
een or heard from h r i 

a ked to call D t ctive 
Balmer at 236-2944 . (Photo: 
sh r iff's d pertment) 

ministrative oversight in the 
sheriff's office, the department's 
homicide division was not notified 
of Duquette's disappearance until 
mid-March. Detective Fred 
Balmer, currently in charge of the 
case, has requested he be CO~ 
tacted by anyone who knew 
Duquette, who spoke to her on Feb. 
4 or 5, or who has seen her since 

Feb. ~. 

Balmer's number is 236-2944. He 
said that all leads will be followed 
up. 

Duquette's orange Datsun ~210 
was found on March 23 parked at 
the Del Mar Hotel, near the train 
taUon. The books she had taken to 
chool with her, three blouses and 

her pur e were missing from the 
car. She had mad a withdrawal 
from her bank account the 
previous day-it i likely that she 
had ver $200 with her when he 
disappear d. 

H " paint s twa in th car. 



Jolm ~. Tayler 
Edbo -&.ClUef 

Cral Uchida 
Opin .. n editor 

Mark Woelber 
MaUling editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

James G. Solo 
City editor 

SaraJ.Lowm· 
Community editor 

The Triton Times is recognIzed as Ihe official siudeni newspaper by 
the Communicolions Board of UCSO. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of Ihe majority of the editorial boord (above), and not the 
VIews of Ihe UniverSIty, the Communicolions Boord or Ihe sludent 
bo"y. 

Drop the Charges 
Attorneys representing the ten students cbarged witb viOlatioDS of 

University regulations say they will file a writteD brief with hearing of-
ficer Robert Lugananni today asking for dismissal of two of the three 
charges against their clients. 

Peter Schey, one of the three attorneys, says the brie, will ask 
dismissal of the charges that the students threatened the health and 
safety of a University official aDd faDed to comply with directions from a 
campus official. 

In addition, Schey says the charge of impeding a University official has 
beeD weakened by testimony from UC's witness that other factors - such 
as DarrOW roads and a crowded bridge - may bave conbibuted to the 
btoetillg of progress. 

'IIIe'rritoo Times agrees that the charges sbeuld be dropped. We have 
felt frwm tile __ lug .f the heariDgs tllat d1sclpUuary 8C!tioD agalast 
ate II'fludeats woaIdserve DO purpose, ln view of the lack of seriousness 
.f studetlt activity Nov. 25 (tbe district aUorney's office, it must be 
remelDbered, was uaable to matcb University complaints about three 
IIOIlstudeDts with ebarges 1 and in view of possible pressure OD the ad-
miaistratioD from Saxon tbat someone be punished for the embarrassing 
iucldeDt. 

Questions from Saxon about the administration's handling of.the visit 
have been discussed in testimony. Even the hint of a possibility tbat 
examples are being made of the students, especially in such a mInor 
matter, should be enough to let the matter rest. 

As for the points In the aUorneys' brief: Saxon himself, of course, h~s 
testified be did not feel physically threatened. Some witnesses have saId 
they felt Saxon was in danger on the bridge leading to Matthews from 
Revelle, but in no more danger tha.n anyone else. Whoever s~ggested or 
decided that the procession move across the bridge Is respoDSlble for any 
indirect danger to which anyone on the bridge was exposed. 

Directions from administrators to students, while apparently made, 
mayor may Dot have been heard. It was confused and noisy. The im-
plication of the charge - that there were direct exchanges between 
administrators and students that involved a order and a returned refusal 
- is not well served by tes timony so far. 

As for blockage of progress, the President testified that the stud.e?ts 
with lockcd arms generally moved away from him. Others have tesbf,.ed 
thc students who bad linked arms were themselves stopped by a vehicle 
barrier hefore the bridge. 

Various semantic discussions' of the meaning of 'obstruction' have 
emerged, culminating witb Saxon's statement that he was not obstructed, 
but certainly " not unobstructed." 

Let's face it. There's nothing here that warrants punishment of any 
kind. We feel the wise course for Lugannani is to accept the student br!ef 
and dismiss all charges. Too much damage to the already-fragtle 
relations between students and administration has been done. 

Don't Miss 
Halberstam 

The Campus Program Board adds another event to an cxcellent 1975-76 
se ries with the appearance tomorrow night of Pulitzer Prize winner 
David Halberstam. 

Halberstam was in Vietnam for the 'New York Times during a time 
when only a few papers conveyed anything rescmbling the truth about 
the war there. He wrote of the clisenchantment and corruption in the south 
Vietnamese army when US Army intelligence was reporting to President 
John Kennedy about the Army's strength and resolve; he wrote about the 
strength of the Viet Cong in the villages when the US Army rcported there 
was \'ttl support for the Communists. 

It 'A'as thc effect of these kinds of press reports on Kennedy - tbe 
('han 'c ,in his thinking about the viability of the US's involvement in the 
war .~ that Halberstam wrote about nearly a decade later In "The Best 
and the Brightest " And he wrote about the vast escalation of the war 
after K nncdy's a35C&lnatinn. 

lIa btrstam has put his finger on the nature of power - how it is 
achi ' v~ by whom how it is used. We urge community members to hear 
him ~·,nd thank the CPR for another thoughtfully choosen and informative 
sPl'ai',cr· 

The T"ton Times IS recognIZed by the Communica tions Board of UCSO as the official 
st udent newspap'" Publlcaloon ,s on Mondays . Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular school year (except on oil iclat hOlidayS) Editonal and business olli~es are 
loe ted In 1 t7 Blalle Holt on the AllYetle College campus . Unlvers,ty o( Calolornl8. San 

O~o . 
letter. 10 the Ed,lor and op,n,on columns a,e welcomed All submISSIons should be 

typed on • 7A·space lone on nonerasable papor Th y ShOUld not exceed thr e pages In 
lenglh doub • p ceu The T" ton TIm s re rves the " gill to edit submISSIons because 
of 'Ipace IIm'tal'ons or style requllemenl s 

For ed.tor I calIA~2·3466 (or bUSIness 8I1d d'splay ddve<I'sements. call 452·3<168 
Entu8 contenls coPV"ghI1976. T" ton T,mes 

f rlfoll.II1J('S Monday, April 5, 1976 
Politics: James G. Soto 

Good Old Days, 
As luck would have it for our 

presidential candidates, the 
Wisconsin and New York 
primaries will be held on the same 
day. They've been at it full time 
now for more than four months and 
campaigning in two states is more 
difficult than one might think. 

One wonders whether the rigors 
of chicken dinners and endless 
handshaking will cause the 
hopefuls to descend into some sort 
of madness. 

While the electoral coincidence 
of tomorrow's bi-primary may be 
unfortunate for Carter, Jackson, 
Reagan , et ai, the concerned voter 
is relieved to learn that for at least 
one week this spring, he did not 
have to listen to the horrors of 
election night analysis. It is not 
unusual to read about the higher 
incidence of suicides, breakdowns 
and murders on Tuesdays this 
spring- especially if the victim 
and/or criminal had the misfor-
tune of listening to the post-election 
theory of one of our enlightened 
members of the fourth estate. 

The cosmic meaning of the end-
less procession of p'rimaries 
seems to have become the raisOD 
d'etre for many commentators. 
But are the primaries really worth 
all of the attention? With the world 
in its usual muddled and 
ca taclysmic state, it seems 
strange that the most important 
news in the land (at least the news 
that is given top priority by our 
news establishment) continues to 
be what the latest campaign 
slander is. 

Less than " Democratic" 
In a less enlightened age, 

political parties rarely concerned 
themselves with the aggravations 
of primaries. To be sure, there 
were a few primaries, and the few 
there were appeared to be more 
important than the motley group 
that stale the air today. But for th 
most pa rt, party bosses ga thered 
in each state to make important 
decisions about who would be 
president. 

While this system seems less 
than "democratic," there emerged 
on most occasions a fine selection 
of candidates to choose from, and 
the nation somehow managed to be 
the great state that it is without too 
much trauma , soul searching or 
guilt. . 

The major institution in the days 
of the party boss was the party 
machine. The wonder of machines 
was that parties were able to ac-
complish the miraculous, if they 
had an efficient organization. The 
machine provided the manpower 
and the votes to win major elec-
tions, and the pluralities 
associated with the machine were 

Letter to the Editor 

very often impossible to overcome. 
In New York, for el¥lmple, the 

city itself had but 40 percent of the 
state's vote. But the Democratic 
machine could be counted on to 
amass such large pluralities in 
Gotham that the otherwise 
Republican state of New York had 
the tendency to fall into the 
Democratic column. 

In Illinois, the Cook County 
machine continues to exert a 
magic hold over the destiny of 
state politics.. With rare ex-
ceptions, Democrats who win in 
Illinois must win big in the city of 
Chicago, which dominates Cook 
County. 

The machine in the past offered 
an opportunity for the immigrants 
and the urban poor to have some 
stake in local goverrunent. Very 
often the patronage power of 
municipal government meant that 
whoever controlled city hall also 
controlled thousands of jo~, and 
thUs votes. 

UoeuligbteDed Republica. 
While this sort of power 

inevitably led to corruption, in 
many cases it has provided 
Americans with a different and 
somewhat entertaining view of the 
political scene. 

Who could forget, for example, 
the miracle associated with the 
1960 Presidential campaign? The 

Texas and Cook County 
Democratic machines promised to 
get the vote out for John Kennedy. 
They came through, but not before 
some strange occurrences. 

In Cook County, the Democratic 
machine was successful in 
bringing many former voters back 
to life . If one is to believe the 
various charges brought up by 
unenlightened Republicans, more 
than a few formerly dead 
Democratic voters rose from their 
graves to vote for Kennedy. 

This Lazarus-like miracle 
proved to be crucial in the tight 
Illinois election. Some 
Republicans will even claim that if 
it had not been for this heavenly 
intercession, Nixon would have 
been elected President in 1960 and 
the nation would have faced 
Watergate about eight years 
sooner than it did. We would now, 
of course, be long rid Of that 
problem. 

In Texas, there were charges 
that many of the sacks containing 
ballots from Republican leaning 
precincts were borrowed during 
the election night and used as live 
bait in some of Texas's finest 
waterways. 

However, this particular set of 
events is hardly unusual. In some 
of the finest machines in the 

ContiDued on Page 5 

Bookman Needs Straightening Out 
In a memo to " All Student 

Organizations" dated March 26, 
Student Center Director Mark 
Bookman appealed for support in 
the planned Tay Sachs Disease 
screening program. Mr. Boo~~an 
pointed out that Tay Sachs IS a 
killer" and that " most TS babies 
died by the age of 3." 

Given the gravity of the matter, 
one might asswne that utmost care 
would be taken to insure the 
program's success. Yet reading 
further, we became aware that Mr. 
Bookman didn' t even bother to 
check his datcs. " Meetings will be 
held on Monday, April 1 and 
Tuesday, April 2," he tells us. In 
fact, April 1 does not fa Il on a 
Monday untill98S. 

After thus misinforming us, Mr. 
Bookman had the audacity to in-
duce us to volunteer with promises 
of " munchies" to be served at both 
time-warp sessions. 

Let us keep in mind that it was 
this sam perspicacious Mr. Book-
man who, as sta r witness in the 
Univ r 'ily's spurious proceedings 
aga inst t n student activists, 

identified two individuals as 
having violated " regulations." 

It was this same meticulous 
Director who feared for his health 
and safety (when, say, President 
Saxon didn't) because the 
Gilman Dr. bridge " was not built 
to hold 100 people" and might 
collapse. 

Are we to believe that Mr. Book-
man took the time to appraise 
himself of the architect's 
specifications of that bridge at a 
time when none but the clairvoyant 
knew it would be so illustriously 
trod upon? Are we to believe this, 
when he cannot check his calendar 
for what he himself terms "a 
major experimental public health 
program"? Are we to believe he 
could identify two individual 
students in the confusion of a mass 
prot st, wh n he cannot correctly 
se lect two dates in the quiet of his 
offi e? 

But Mr. Bookman's factual angst 
puts him in the best of company. 
Pr Sid nt Saxon, the local pomt 01 
tb anti IA protest, could not 
re all th dat of his visit to UCSD 

when he testified at the fortress· 
like hearings on Front St. Nor 
could Chancellor McElroy recall 
the names of the administrators he 
testified met with him "every 
morning at 9" (to keep him in· 
formed of such mundane matters 
as harassment of student critics) . 

Are we witnessing then the ef-
fects of a collective loss of recall? 
Or has the truth been distorted so 
often that empirical exactitude 
seems superfluous? Either way, it 
appears Messrs. Bookman, Saxo~, 
et al have a lot more than their 
ca lendars to straighten out. 

THE GRADUATE STUDENT 
UNION 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Today 's Ihe deadline for Revelle 
orlcntaloon leader appllCotlons 
Turn .n oppll catoan and Slgn·up for 

n ,nlc rv,ew no laler Ihon 4 pm 
r or m or .nformaloon (ontoe! Mary 
Ohoo , Asslslanl 0 on at ~t . 
:,!4Q(). 

Monday, April 5, 1976 

by RanAnbar 
Staff Writer 

"Nuclear power)s only safe if it operates perfe~t1y ," said 
Gregory Minor, one of the three General ~lectrlc nuclear 
engineers who resigned earlier this yea.r In protest over 
inadequate saCety measures in the nucl~ar mdustry. 

Minor addressed the Nuclear EducatIon SymposIUm at UC 
San Diego Saturday as a specia l guest speaker. Over 150 
people attended the four-hour conference which was spon-
sored by the "Californians for Nuclear Safeguards - Yes on 
15" organization. 

James Arnold, a chemistry professor here, opened the 
symJ>O"lum with his review of the history of nuclear energy. 

Ife explained that there are basically two isotopes (forms) 
of uranium: 235U and 238U. Uraniwn 235 is the one that un-
dergoes fission in the power plants, but only comprises 0.7 
percent of uraniwn on the earth, said Arnold. 

Uke a Burning Fire 
The fission reaction is similar to simple combustion, he 

explained. Just as the heat of the fire keeps it burning, the 
breakdown of 235U produces more of the particles (neutrons) 
that caused the reaction in the first place, creating a chain 
reaction that continues until most of the 235U is used up. 

Arnold pointed out that the process does not necessarily 
end there-the abundant 238U (nearly 99.3 percent of all the 
uranium on the Earth) also undergoes a reaction and forms 
239Pu (plutonium), which is also fissiona ble. 

It is the fission process that causes the heat used to heat 
water, generate steam and thus operate generators, he 
noted . 

Arnold said ' the development of nuclear power can 
presently be looked at as in three stages. 

Stage one, which is used at present, uses 235U in ordinary 
reactors. 

Stage two, called the "Plutonium Economy," bases itself 
on the fission of 239Pu. This stage may be reached when 
uraniwn is more expensive. It requires the reuse of fuel 
elements, which involves reprocessing and storing wastes. 
And plutonium is " not nice" at all, accOl'ding to Arnold. 

Stage three, the Breeder Reactor, creates more 239Pu 
from uranium than is used up in the process of fission. 
Uraniwn would be cheaper to mine for use in breeder 
reactors because more of it could be utilized. More hazards 
are associated with this kind of reactor than the present.kind, 
said Arnold'. 

He explained that the reasons include the fact that in a 
present day reactor the doubling process of products in 
fission takes between 30 and 60 seconds, while in a breeder 
reactor this process only takes one thousandth of a second. 
Thus humans could not be expected to control the fission 
process in the latter case and everything would have to be 
fully automated. And automation allows (or a catastrophic 
machine failure . 

In response to queries from the audience, Arnold pointed 
out that far more 239Pu is used in weapons (over 90 percent of 
all plutonium used) than is used in nuclear reactors . He also 
said that the claim that uranium is not economic holds only 
when only 235U is used' for the fission process, and not for the 
other nuclear methods. 

Alternative Sources 
Alan Schneider, professor of engineering science at UCSD, 

lhen discussed alternative energy sources. He based his talk 
on a conference held in 1974 to consider the extent to which 
the combination of solar, wind, wave motion and other 
renewable non-polluting sources of energy can supply our 
fulure needs. 

After considering both technological and economic factors , 
it was concluded, according to Schneider, that it would be 
possible to make up the entire gap between the present 
consumption level and our future needs without increaSing 
our dependency on either fossil or nuclear sources. 

Our present consumption level does include the usage of 
nuclear power and fossil sources. This present rate of 
depletion would continue if the conference's conclusions were 
to be followed, said Schneider. 

The conference assumed a 3.75 percent annual g rowth in 
lhe consumption of energy, which is higher than the 3.33 
percent rate which prevailed from 1950 to 1970. 

The suggestions arrived at in the-conference to fill the gap 
between our present consumption level and the US energy 
use in the year 2000 (more than twice the present level ) in-
cluded: . 

-Conservation which accorcling to Lester Lees, former 
director of the environmental quality laboratory at the 
California Institute of Technology, can easily attain the 

• rl'oll' i Dk'S 

ATOMIC POWER PROOUCTION 

No Love for the 
Reactor · 

Page 3 

Nuclear Hazards 
Minor spoke last on the hazards ,)f nuclear energy. He 

noted that he was once an avid supporter of nuclear power. 
His positive view began to erode about three years ago. 

The group he worked with has been involved with almost 
every plant General Electric has built, said Minor. His major 
concern is that nuclear plants are not as safe as they were 
preclicted to be. " Responsible decisions and projections have 
not been made," he said. 

The US is presently dependent on nuclear power to supply 
8.5 percent of its energy needs, said Minor. If a shutdown 
occured in 2000 it would affect the economy more than at 
present because of increased dependence on the nuclear 
source. 

In California, Minor pointed out, only three nuclear power 
plants are presently in operation, while it is projected that by 
1995 this number will swell to 31. 

Minor sa id that Proposition 15 would: 
-Make sure that the safety systems against a loss of 

coolant accident (thus threatening a meltdown ) would be 
tested. 

-Insure that the companies involved with nuclear power 
will settle on where to settle nuclear wastes. 

proportion of a 20 percent reduction in o.u~ energy use-with 
negligible effect on our standard of hvmg-pnmanly by 
cutting obvious waste . He cited the American people 's ability 
to achieve such a reduction during the winter of 1974 as an 

He said that he was very disturbed by the Browns-Ferry 
inCident, when a fire was started in a nuclear power plant due 
to a workman checking for leaks with a candle. Minor said 
that he worked on that plant six or seven years ago. In his 
opinion, it was the safest plant to that date. 

He also pointed out that no action was taken for an 
evacuation because the one person with those plans could not 
be reached. 

example. . 
-Flywheel automobiles, which would use flywheels Instead 

of gasoline engines to power cars. Richard Post of the 
Lawrence Livermore laboratories, suggested that another 10 
percent reduction in the overall consumption would result 
-Wind Power, which, according to Cal Tech's Homer 

Stewart , could be used to power windmills (another 5 to eight 
percent reduction). The concept of neighbors banding 
together to fonn a windmill district-like a present-day water 
district-to share the cost and benefits of a large common 
windmill was also suggested. 

-Solar Energy, with which we can already heat and cool 
buildings and heat water. Solar energy, which is prOjected to 
supply approximately 5 percent of our energy by 2000, will ' 
become economically competitive if there is just a slight i 
additional increase in fossil fuel prices, said Benjamin . 
Berkowitz of the General Electric TEMPO Center for 
Advanced Studies. 

-BTU bushes, which are plants grown to be burned, with 
the heat used to generate electricity, could supply another 25 
percent of our energy use by the year 2000, according to 
George Szego, President of Intertechnology Corporation in 
Warrington, Virginia. 

Shirley Wilkerson, executive director of Project Survival, 
and Bob Wallach, a canclidate for the US Senate, then spoke 
in favor of Proposition 15. Their message appeared to be : 
why can't we pause and take a look at what nuclear power is I and then decide which road to take? 

Greg Minor (TT photo: Bill Brooks) 

YSA Commentary 

Minor concluded his talk by pointing out that Proposition 15 
would insure that people would be notified regularly about 
evacuation plans and will bring the safety problems to light . 
He then asked for questions from the audience, some of 
which follow : 

Storing Wastes 
Q: Energy required to nuclear fuel by extraction of 235U is 

so grea t that not much is saved. Is the process of enrichment 
better now? 

A; It is indeed a highly energy-intensive part of the loop. 
To make up for this lost energy by operation of a plant will 
take anywhere from two months to 20 years, depending on 
whom you believe. I think two years is reasonable. 

Q: Do you think adequate technology will be found to store 
wastes for halI a million years? 

A: I don't think one method will be enough to store 
something for half a million years. But almost anything will 
be better than what we have now. 

Q: How can we avoid earthquakes when wastes are stored 
in salt mines? 

A: Salt mines were chosen (for storage ) because they are 
a geologically stable area . 

Q: To what extent are these nuclear power plants in the 
strategy in the event of war? 

A: I think that any bomb's effects would be enhanced by 
dropping it on a nuclear plant. 

Q: I have heard that the Canadian (nuclear power) system 
is cheaper than the American system. It uses less uranium 
and meltdowns are impossible. Why can't we do this here? 

A: The Canadian system uses heavy water instead of light 
water. I cannot comment on the economics and safety. But I 
am concerned about the 59 plants we do have in operation in 
the United States. 

Q: Is the fabricated fuel hot? 
A: No. It is hot after it was in the core. 
Q: Then where is the storage? 
A: In a fuel storage area. After a while it is taken to a 

different storage area. 
Q: How safe is that transportation system ? I understand it 

goes on the highways. 
A: Yes, it does go on the highways. But I can't answer 

about the safety. 
Q; In your opinion, can nuclear reactors be made safe? 
A; Technically, I believe it's possible to make them safe. 
Q; Are there other people in the industry who feel like you 

do? 
A: Yes. People in the industry sometimes leave quietly 

and go to another job. Sometimes when you'll leave like I've 
left you 'll never get another recommendation from GE. 

Q: How far is our technology behind before we'll have a 
good nuclear reactor? 

A: Proposition 15 allows five years to answer the 
problems. I think that's enough. 

As to how long I think it would take to design a reactor to 
my satisfaction, I can 't answer that. 

Willie Mae Reid: Socialist, Activist, Challenger of the System 
Willie Mae Reid will speak on 

Muir plaza this Wednesday at 
noon . Who is Willie Mae Reid? She 
is the vice-presidential candidate 
of the Socialist Workers Party 
(SWP). It is important to note that 
she is not just another Democratic 
or Republican party politician. 

Reid has been an activist fot 
over 15 years. In 1958, when the 
civ il rights movement came to 
Memphis, she joined the " ride-ins" 
and bus boycott, which ended the 
segregated seating (or black 
people on city buses. In the early 
1970's, Reid continued to· build 
struggles in the black community, 
including African Liberation Day 
activites In support of the fight of 
the Portuguese calonies for in-
dependen . In the fall of 1974, 
Reid challenged the entire Daley 
machine by announcin,g her 
candida y for mayor of hicago as 
a Candidate of the SWP. 

Reid's campaign is spreading 
the ideas of socialism. Her 
progra m will not be compromised 
to en<;ure more votes. She is using 
her campaign to build support for 
passage of the Equal Rights 
Amendment (ERA ). She calls for 
the removal of cops from chicano 
communities, the right of blacks to 
an equal education, the right of 
women to control their own bodies, 
full rights Cor gay people and much 
more. 

Rp.i!l is running on a program 
that specifically challenges the 
basic economic system of this 
ountry : capitalism, a system 

wher private profit takes priority 
ov r human needs. Rcid and the 
SWP all for a socialist SOCiety; a 
society which will b 
d 'mocratically run by the 
majorit and not th super-rich. 

Another clistlnction between 
Reid and the other canclidates is 
that her name will not appear on 
the ballot in California. 

Because of the reactionary 
election laws in California it will be 
impossible for Reid to gain a spot 
on the ballot. 

To qualify for the ballot a third 
party must either collect 640,000 
signaturcs of registered voters or 
convincc 64,000 people to change 
th ir voter registration and af-
filiate with the new party. These 
requirements are 32 times more 
restrictive than tho e in New York. 
This legi lation efC ·tively limits 

ballol status to the Democratic and 
Republican parties. To combat 
th se reacti onary laws, th 
Committee for D mocratic 
EI ·tion Laws filed suit in 1973 

d Imlnding that 'U 'h restrictions 

on our democratic rights be 
abolished . The plaintiffs include 
La Raza Unida Party, theSWP, the 
Socialist Labor Party, the 
Prohibition Party, and the 
Libertarian Party. 

Reid and the SWP have been the 
obje t of FBI hara ' m nt for over 
35 years. Because of this 
harassment the SWP and the 
Young Socialist Alliance (YSA) 
have filed a joint suit for over $27 
million against the FBI, CIA, and 
other goverrunental agencies, 
demanding that all u h 
harassment of politi al groups 
cease. Through this uit, over 4,300 
pages of s cret documents 
d tailing the FBI' ' OIN-
TELPRO' plan hav b 'n relea ' ed 
to th publi. Thes documents' 
d tail th harassment of lh WP, 
the Y A, th Bla k P nth 'r Party, 
Dr. Martin l.uth r King a nd 'oon. 

The types of harassment have 
varied from illegal wiretapping to 
inciting violence between groups. 
Just a few days ago, the FBI was 
forced to release over 300 pages of 
secret papers. The papers 
revealed 92 different break-ins into 
the SWP and YSA headquarters 
during the early and middle 
196O)'s ! ! This country was shaken 
by the Watergate incident of one 
bre.lk-in to the Democratic Party 
headquarters. Imagine one break-
in to th e SWP and YSA 

headquarters ery thr weeks 
tor SIX years ! 'l'hat IS what the FBI 
ha done! Willie Mae Reid calls for 
the abolisrunent of th'.! FBI and the 

lAo Join us in th fight against 
harassment of Ie lislativ political 
a tivity . The ftrst tep is to hear 
Willie Ma Reid, SWP candidate 
for vice-pr sident, noon W d-
n sday at Muir plaza . 



• 

.rt.e ... ln'S 

WHAT'S ON: 4/5-4/ 2 
Beginning with next week's WHA T'S ON, the deadline Jor all material ~ill 

be noon Thursday at the student center information desk. Please do not brmg 
announcemen~s to the Triton. Times office -- it '/I just gum up the works. 

Monday 
Visual Arts Vacuity ExhibltioDS, Mandeville Art Gallery. Works by Newton Harrison, Ree 

Moron and others. Through April 23. Gallery hours: Noon-S p.m. Sumday through Friday. 
9 am - 12 noon - Job interviews. International Telephone & Telegraph Insurance Co. 

seeking students with any degree, major for life insurance sales. Appointments necessary. 
career Planning &: Placement, Student Center Complex, Building B. 

12 noon - Meetiq. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
Noon - Bach GardeDl Auditions, Mandeville Recital Hall. Student auditions will be held 

Ith'"nIu,h 10 p.m. For more infonnation call Susan Reisig, (213) 997-1171, ext. 'lZl. 
3 pm - Couultlog. Learn to use computers, Computer Literacy Walk-In Consulting, 

Computer Center 1839 APM. 
• pm - Interviews. Group interviews for Peer Advisors, Fourth College, Fourth College 

Rec. Center These will continue until the 11th. 
4 pm - Meeting. General meeting, UCSD Students for Tom Hayden, Game Room Con-

ference Room. 
4 pm - Deadline for Revelle Operation Leader Applications, turn in applications and sign-

up for interviews in Dean's Office by 4 pm. . 
4 pm - Theoretical SoUd State Seminar, room 2305 H&SS Bldg., MUIr. Dr. Lu J . Sham, 

" Electromigration. " 
4:10 pm - Statistics Scmlnar, room 7421 AP&:M Bldg., Muir. Professor Susan Horn,Johns 

Hopkins University, "Goodness of Fit Tests for Discrete Data with an Application to Health 
Impairment Scales. " 

6:30 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Residence Hall Board Meeting, Fourth Collegc Rec. 
Center. 

7 pm - Meeting. Christian Science Organization, Blake Conference Room. 
7:30 pm - UCSD talent show auditions, Cafeter!a , Revelle. Stud.ents, staff ~nd faculty 

should make arrangements by calling 452-4636. MUSical and non-mUSICal categories. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. ' Advanced meeting for all Transcendental Meditators, "World 

Government in the Age of Enlightment", Revelle Formal Lounge. 
8 pm -- Meeting. Fourth College Program Board Meeting, Fourth College Rec. Center. 
8 pm - Mecting. Israeli Folk Dance Club, 8-9 beginning dances taught, 9-10:30 dances by 

request, Recreation Gym Conference Room. . 
9 pm - Film sponsored by the Monday Nite Films, starring James D.ean, "Rebel Without 

A Cause." 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. FREE. 

Tuesday 
9 am - 4:30 pm - Educational Program. University of San Diego Lawyer's Assistant 

Program representatives will discuss 12-week lawyer's assistant training program. with 
interested students obtaining BA, any major. Appointments necessary. Career Plannmg & 
Placement, Student Center Complex, Building. 

11 :30 am - Meeting. There will be a meeting of all interested Muir Seniors to plan the 
JUNE Graduation Ceremony. Muir College Conference Room. Hs&S 2148. Bring your lunch. 

Noon - Presentation of NSF film on the Geochemical Ocean Sections, Sumner Hall, SIO. 
Dr. Harmon Craig, " Rivers of the Sea." 

12 noon - Rally. Willie Mae Reid, Vice President Candidate Socialist Workers Party, will 
talk on 1) Why Working People need their own Bill of Rights 2) In defense of.Black's right to 
an equal education : desegregated Schools, Muir Plaza, if rain Revelle Informal Lounge. 

12 noon - Meeting. Israeli Folk Dance, dancing for all who are interested, Gym Steps. 
1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
6: 30 pm - Meeting. American Sign Language Class, Disabled Student's Center. 
7 pm - Auditions. Individual auditions times for UCSD Talent Show, sign-up sheet at the 

Edna Office, will be held at Revelle Cafeteria. 
7:30 pm- Film. " Behind the Green Door", Mandeville Aud., $1.50. 
7:30 om - Film. " Chole in the Afternoon" and " Bullit", USB 2722, $1.00. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. E.A.B. Rj!velle Formal Lounge. 

Wednesday 
8 am -- Mecting. CalPirg Local Board Meeting, CalPirg Office Student Center. 
12 noon - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
12 noon - Concert. Free Noon Concert, fea~uring "Equinox" Revelle Plaza . 
2:30 pm -- Solid State Physics Seminar, room 1106 H&:SS Bldg., Muir. Dr. Ivar Giaever, 

"Small Superconductors and Photosensitive Tunneling Barriers." 
3 pm -- Baseball, diamond, Matthews campus. UC San Diego vs. USIU. 
3 pm - The Atrred Sehultz Memorial Lecture, room 1438 H-L Bldg., Revelle campus. 

Professor Maurice Mandelbaum, Johns Hopkins University , " casual Beliefs in Everyday 
I .ife." The event, which is sponsored by the Department of Philosophy under the auspices of 
the American Philosophical Association, is free and open to the public. 

4 pm - High Energy Physics Seminar, room 1110 PoL Bldg ., Muir . Dr. Charles Morehouse , 
SI.AC, Stanford, " Non-resonant Particle Production at Spear." 

6 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Outing Club, everyone welcome Fourth College Rcc. 
Center. 

7 .)m - Lire PIa ruling Workshop, room 1102 Tioga Hall , Muir. This extcnsion class will be 
givl!n by David R. icoll, organization counsultant of Del Mar. Fee $17. 

7 :>m -- Mccting. Gay Students Assoc., Revelle Formal Lounge. . .. 
7 30 pm - Film. " Martin Luther", Documentary on Protestant ReformatIOn, Filmed m 

Germany, University-community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. ~ree ! , 
7 30 pm - Meeting. Alpha Omege Alliance, come and learn Cosmic Clock and Raja Yoga, 

351 '\ ~L. 
8 pm - Concert. Atomic cafe, "Concert or New Music" , Compositions by Yogi Yuasa and 

Pro;nt, Recital Hall Mandeville. 
II pm - Meeting. Balkan Folk Dance Club, Recreation Gym Conference Room, $.25. 
8 pm - David Halberstam Lecture, Mandeville Auditorium. Author of "The Best and the 

Br g"'est," will speak on " The Uses and Abuses of Power." General : $2. UCSD students : $1. 
Ti( kets availa ble at the UCSD box office 452-4559. 

Thursday 
9 am - 4:30 pm - Job Interviews. American Hospital Supply seeking BS, MS, PhD 

Biom dical Engineerinl(; MS, Phd in Biochemistry and Mi robiology for research and 
development in vari us locations of the U.S. Appointment') n cessary. areer Planning &: 
Plac mcnt, Student enter Complcx. Building. 

10 am - A n'prcs nthlve fr4lm the Univ r ity of allfornla San Franel ' 41 will b on 
!"Hmpus in Bldg. 412 room 17, Ma tth ws Campus. Various opport nitics availablc in the 
Hea lth sl'icnce fi eld will b incd. This will induel th Heallh S 'ien' sSp cial Servin's 

Programs for socilH!conomically disadvantaged students. Applications procedures, 
cligibility, and curricula will also be discussed. 

11 : 30 am - Concert. Noon Concert sponsored by the Students for Tom Hayden, Gym Steps. 
12:30 pm - Sumner Noon Series, Sumner Auditorium, SIO. Dr. Eric Barham, Southwest 

Fishcries Center, La Jolla , will present a color slide show on porpoise being caught in tuna 
net'). 

1 pm - Mecting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
3 - 5 pm -- Workshop. Developing Career Choices will help students to systematically 

evaluate occupational areas for those closely approximating their personal needs. First of 
two meetings. Sig'l-ups necessary. career Planning & Placement, Student Center Complcx, 
Building B. . " 

4 pm - Women's basketball, Ma in Gym, SDWIAC Tourney. 
4 pm - "'omen's tennis, courts, Muir. UC San Diego vs. USD. 
4 pm - Physics Colloquium, room 2622 USB, Revelle campus. Professor John Isaacs , " Do 

Automobiles Increase Tornado Incidence ?" 
6 pm - Meeting. Triton Wargaming Society, 902 Tioga. 
5 pm - Meeting. Organizational Meeting for Radical Economics Study Group. Ground-

work Books, Student Center. 
8 pm - Dr. Yevgeny Levich, North Conference Room, Student Center. Levich, of the 

Weizman Institute, Israel, will speak on "The Plight of Non-confonnist Scientists in the 
Soviet Union." 

Friday, 
11 am - Guest Lecture, room B248, BSB, Med. School. Stanley V. Dawson, 

University School of Public Health, " Inverse Modelling of an Unknown Number of Com-
pdrlments : Unfolding the Distribution of Ratios of Ventilation to Perfusion." 

12 noon - Music. Noon entertainment by Fred and Marco on the grass. Muir Lower Quad. 
Come celebratc Muir Parent's Weekend. 

12 noon - Conccrt. Alias, Gym Steps. 
12:05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar, 307 Vaughan Hall , SIO. Dr. David Epel, "Why and 

Whither the Developmental Biology of Ma rine Organisms." 
1 pm -- Meeting. Revelle Residence Halls Board, Blake Conference Room. . 
1 pm - Mccting. Christian Prayer Meeting. Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
1 :30 pm - AMES-Bioengincering Seminar, room 2100 BSB Med. School. Dr. Robert H. Cox 

University of Pennsylvania, " Mechanics of Smooth Muscles in Large Arteries," and Dr. 
Kii chi Sagawa, Johns Hopkins University, "Current Research on the Mechanics of Heart 
Muscle." 

2:30 pm - Women's Tennis, courts, Muir campus. UC San Diego vs. SDSU .. 
3 pm -- Topics in Respiration, room B248 BSB, Med. School. Dr. Sam Ridgway, Naval 

Undersea Center, " Physiology of Marine Mammals." 
3 pm - Meeting. Parents career Counseling. Come and hear Muir Parents speak on their 

occupations and the career world in general. Rooms 1111 & 3515 P&L Bldg. 
3 - 4 pm - Workshop. Fundamentals of Resume Writing, a how-t()od()oit workshop on 

resume techniques and uses. Sign-ups necessary . Career Planning &: Placement, Student 
Center Complex, Building B. 

4 pm - Organic/Physical Chemistry Seminar, room 2622 USB, Revelle c~mpus. Prof~ssor 
Aksel Bothner, Carnegie-Mellon University, "Use of SaturatIOn Transfer tn NMR Studies of 
Peptide Conformation ." 

4 pm - Women 's Basketball, Main Gym. SDWIAC Tourney. 
7 pm - The UC SaD Diego International Club in sponsoring a "Mexican Night", which will 

feature Mexican Food and entert~inment, general admiss ion is $3.00, admission for club 
mcmbers is $1.00, for more information and reservations pleac;e call 452-3731. 

7 pm - Meeting. International Folk Dancing, 7-8 special beginner's class, 8-9 teaching of 
intcrmediate dances 9-12 dances by request, Recrea tion Gym Conference Room. 

7 pm - Meeting. C~mpus Crusade for Christ, Winzer Commonc; BSB, Medical Center. 
7:30 pm - Film. " Harry and Tonto", USB 2722, $1.00Sho,!¥n again at 10 pm. 
8 pm - UCSD Gospel Choir Festival, Mandeville Auditorium. Piano recital of music by 

hlack composers by Cecil LytIc. Free. 
9 pm - Music in the 5 & Dime. I ,ower Muir Commons, Free. 

Saturday 
9 am -- All-Cal Sailing, Mission Bay. 
10 am - Women's Tennis, courts, Muir campus. UC San Diego vs. Redlands. 
11 :30 am - Mass. Catholic Mass , University-Community Church. 
Noon - Baseball, diamond, Matthews campus. UC San Dicgo vs. Cal Baptist. 
1 pm - Opell auditions will be held at the Fusion Creative Dance Center, male and fcmale 

dancers are needed to form a new company that will have its residence in Cardiff, looking 
lor clancers who have sqme dramatic versility and can work in modern, ballet and jazz, 
wear dance tight'i , for further information call Judi Mal'k 755-7484 or 436-3232, 230 Bir-
mingham, Cardiff by the Sea. 

1 pm - Men's Tennis, courts, Muir campus. UC San Diego vs. Wcstmont. 
6:30 pm - Polynesian Night, sponsored by the UCSD Scuba Club $4 .00 a person, $7.00 per 

couple UCSD Pool Deck. 
7:30 pm - Film. " The Music Room", USB 2722, $1.00 shown again at 10 pm. 
8 pm - UCSD Gospel Choir Concert, Mandeville Auditorium. Free. 
8 pm - Yemenlte Cultural Evening, sponsored by the Israeli Students, M.J .S. and Israeli 

Dance Club, lnternational Center. 

unda)' 
University - Cummunity Church, 9595 La Jolla ShorCll Drive 

8:30 am and 5 pm Catholic 
10 am I.utheran 
12 noon Episcopal 
IOam-Worship. PulmSundayl.iturgy,Mand ville ent rB210. 
1 pm - Sl)('ccr, field, Matthews campus. Kennedy, Cup. 
11 :30 pm - Worship. I.ent fcllowship, Universi ty I.uth ran Church. 
7:30 pm - X-Hated Mllvle, CnfctrriA. Fourth oll('g('."S 'x ThIer." F'r 

Monday April 5, 117. • rlfeN. f. nJ(~ Page 5 
Muir Reporter 

Ubertarian Candidate Calls for 
Non-Intervention Foreign Policy. 

Educati.ng Muir Moms and Dads 
by Vera M.l. Todorov 

by Nick Vaoocur Staff Writer 
SbdfWriter The Muir provost's office, in 

According to Dave Bergland, the Libertarian Party's vice-presidential conjunction with the college's 
candidate, each individual has the right to make all decisions abOut his parent's council, has an exciting 
life. and enlightening parents' weekend 

Tbltt IS why the Libertarian Party is called the " Party of Principles" planned for Friday, April 9, and 
..., said. ' Saturday, April 10. Programs will 

Bergland spoke at UC San Diego Friday on Libertarianism and the familiar ize parents with the 
plaUorm of the Libertarian Party in the upcoming presidential election. campus, educate both parents and 

The party has been in existence since 1972, and now has organizations students about job opportunities 
in all SO states. Libertarian candidates have run for all types of offices, through career counseling, and 
including President in 1972, help students and parents com-

Bergland said libertarians tend to do better than the socialists at the municate about the college life not 
polls, ~lthough the party has some difficulty getting on the ballots. described in catalogs. 

In his S~~h, Bergland detailed the positions of his party on foreign Muir Parents' Weekend was 
and domestic Issues. Each position is characterized by firm opposition to initiated over five years ago on a 
most govermnental interference with individual activity in society. suggestion from the Alumni 

Policy of NOD-Intervention Development Office. Over 75 
Foreign policy decisions should be left up to the individual and the parents have already made 

government should have a policy of non-intervention, Bergland said. He reservations with more than 100 
added that foreign aid should rome from individual groups and not from expected to attend. Off campus 
the government. accommodations for the parents 

He cited the efforts of American Jews to help Israel as an example of may be made at special low rates 
how foreign policy should be conducted. He also called for international at local motels, or s tudents may 
free trade and the repeal of high protective tariffs. make arrange~ents for . their 

On the subject of domestic affairs, Bergland said the Ubertarians parents to stay m the reSidence 
believe regulatory agencies such as the Interstate Commerce Com- _ halls . . 
mission, the Federal Communications Commission and the Civil A tentative schedule of events for 
Aeronautics Board should be abolished because they interfere with the the t~o .d~ys has bee~ plan~ed. . 
rights ofthe individual. .~ctl~lbes for FrI(l~y IDC.lude: 

Bergland called for an end to 'victimless' crime laws _ like those vISitatIOns to classes In sesSIOn, a 
tour ofthe Student Health Center, a 

Libertarian candidate Dave Bergland (TT Photo: Bill Brooks) 

banni~g ~r~titution, g~mbling, pornography and drugs - because it is up 
to the indiVidual to deCide what he wants to do with his body and how he 
should spend his money. 

.Bergland, who is an attorney dealing in malpractice suits, said that 
Without agencies such as the American Medical Association and the Food 
and . I?rug Ad~inistration deciding who has .the right to practice 
mediC ine, medical costs would decrease in the face of more competition. 
Also, more medical services would become available because many 
doctors work part time to escape a higher tax bracket, he said. 

Alternate Rates 
Without the government controls, Bergland said, doctors would be able 

to offer alternate rates, ch~rging. full prices for ser:vices with full liability 
and reduced rates for services With only partial liability . It would then be 
up to the individual and his insurance company to select the payment 
plan according to the abilities of the doctor. 

Professional review boards would then be eliminated as well, he said. It 
would be up to the insurance companies to judge the capabilities of a 
particular doctor. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Soto ... 
country, a whole range of problems 
occur with a' regularity that is only 
matched by the incidence of im-
portant elections. 

On1y 44 Votes 
So far only the Democrats have 

been mentioned, but it would be 
unfair to credit that party with all 
the glory. Republican machines 
throughout the country have done 
every bit as well as Democrats in 
furthering the cause of creative 
electioneering. 

. In the. 1.974 election, for example, 
In LoUISiana 's tightly contested 
Sixth Congressional District, the 
Democrats found the lever on the 
voting machine stuck so it would 
not register a certain candidate's 
name. This strange event came to 
the attention of officials because 
the ca ndidate ran several hundred 
votes behind other Democrats. 
Since he rost the district by only 44 
votes, the State Supreme Court 
ordered the vote to be run again. 

But as you watch the election 
results tomorrow evening and 
listen til the various charges of 
corruption and power-play politics 
being bandied about, try to 
remember that in the Good Old 
Days such charges were probably 
more valid than they are now. Also 
try to remember that power play 
politics can happen anywhere, in 
any political group. There are 
those that claim they are cleaner 
than the other guy, but there were 
a lot of Pha risees in Pa lestine. 

Did you bcther 
your bke ttis to lock mornilg? 

WIIltbeu.. .... \QIretu'n? 

All Muir seniors graduating in June 
mus t have a final degree check by 
April 9. Applicants after that date 
will be charged a late fee. Be sure 
you can graduate in June have 
your final degree check now. 

REElOCI( IS Ine ,,,Sf fHC~cte loclll", sY$ltm to otttf 
conventfACe ,nd absolufl Ulfet)' TM 'Wlttm _11K"'es 
to Ute trlme crossmembtr, ,net c",not be 

• comptet st", cue bott$ 
to fume 

• locks Ind unlod.s '" SKonds 

The Santa Clara Recreation Center 
In M iSS ion Beach is organizing a 
wo men's softball league for 
WOmen 16 or older from any port of 
Son Diego . Reg is tration is 
scheduled for Apr" 12- 16 at the 
recreation center at Santo Claro 
Po.nt. Women can set up their own 
10. 15 member teams, or may sign 
up Individua lly and be placed on a 
toa m The recreation center 
prov ,des bats and game bolls, but 
ployers must provide the ir own 
glov t The games will be slow 
thr h ' pltc softball, wher ach 
te m pravld S its Own pitch r. 

'emoved In locI! posIbOf'I Ch.," retrieD Into tlmpe,. 
proof elM _tItft '* In uS« Loeb Inc:! un!oclls In 
seconds l • • CUI, Shlntr and 11m~ !)f101 

--__ ,nlldeQ ... 1e 
. ...... 

ORDER NOW! 

Audible enI, by ""d ',om 
'''' W,H .. m ConI .... , 
3101111 t I" A .... .. 
0.. .. , Colo, .... 80203 

tour of the UC San Diego Medical 
School, a self-guided tour of the 
Central library, a luncheon with 
the Provost, Parents Council, staff 
and faculty, general discussions 
with students, faculty, and 
graduate students, a UCSD faculty 
art exhibition, athletic activities, a 
visit to the computer center, a tour 
of Scripps Institution, and 
receptions in the morning and 
evening. 

Saturday's events accentuate the 
previous day's activities with other 
receptions, featuring door prizes, 
luncheons, and visitations to 
campus interest spots. Impor-
tantly included are career coun-
seling and small discussion groups 
with a parents' feedback hour. 

The career counseling session 
will feature parents and members 
of the community speaking about 
their professions. They will an-
swer student and parent questions 
about jobs in public relations, 
medical practice and technology, 
real estate, retailing, accounting, 
teaching, police science, federal 
employment, political and social 
work, engineering, and many 
more. 

The Friday and Saturday af-
ternoon discussions are intended to 
give parents an opportunity to hear 
from a number of students about 
life at Muir from day to day and 
quarter to quarter. The format 
will be a sma II group of 8- to 12 
parents and 2 to 4 students to allow 
for maxi.mum participation, with 

no partiCipation from faculty or 
staff. Dean Jim Beckley says that 
a diversity of view is the basic 
objective of these groups, as it is 
likely that students will differ in 
their descriptions, and that parents 
will differ in their expectations or 
responses to each student's 
statements. 

Evening entertainment will 
include student planned activities 
at the Muir Five &: Dime, Friday 
and Saturday night flicks, a per-
formance by the UCSD Gospel 
Choir, folk dancing, and informal 
discussion groups. 

Beckley nicknames these 
evening discussions, " How to 
straighten out someone else's 
parents, while they are 
straightening out someone else's 
son I da ughter." The focus of these 
groups is around the unique 
aspects of the relationship between 
the parent and the college student 
because this relationship differs 
from those involving a junior or 
senior in high school. Students are 

. not to join groups with their own 
parents, while parents are en-
couraged to attend two different 
groups rather than one together. 
Beckley also has prepared a set of 
questions which he believes will be 
helpful in group communication. 

Students are hea rtily en-
couraged to attend with their 
parents. Information about 
scheduling and involvement is 
available at the Muir Provost 
Office. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Are you interested In doing 
volunteer work? The Student 
Volunteer Program has listings With 
complete descriptions of volunteer 
placement pOSSibilities throughout 
Ihe SOli Diego area. Student 
volun teers are needed in such 
areas os tutoring, reCreo:ltlon , 
cou nseling and health-related 
hlelds . U sually the only 
requ irement is a sincere interest 
and a des ire to help others. For 
more information, contact the 
Student Organizations Office, Ext. 
4617. 

A list of students who have 
declared their candidacy for spring 
graduation from Revelle College 
has been posted outSide the 
prov ost 's off ice . Please make 
certain that your name is on the 
list . If you have any question, 
c9ntact El iza in the provost's Office. 

Third College Graduating Seniors : 
April 9 is the deadline to apply for 
a BA degree a t the end of June . A 
$3 penalty fee will be reqUired 
o ffer that dote Candidates should 
contact the Th ird College A cademic 
AdVising Office for final degree 
checks . 

FUS ion Dance Theater Will hold an 
open audition on Saturday, Apo llO 
at 1 pm at the Fusion Creative 
Dance Center, 230 Birmingham, 
Cardlff -by-the-Sea. Mole and 
f'emale dancers are needed to form 
a new company that will have its 
res idence In Cardiff. looking for 
dancers who have some dramatic 
versatility and can work In modern, 
ballet and jazz. Weor donce tights. 
For further information, call. Judi 
Mark 755 -7884 or 436·3232. 

See Spring ("III .th....... umler e.-
temporary Iss"I, 
Sections 3, 4, 5, & 6 for Ji........ .t. 

OR 
Contact 

"$$2040 



Pap' • rile •• 110M'S Monday, April 5, 1976 

RiYON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates 

Classifieds should elther be printed or typed on a 3" x 5" card (avallable 
In Triton Times office) . They may be submilled anytime between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p .m . 

Th& following rates are for 100 spaces - if you-use more spaces, the rate 
will double . (100 spaces -- 25 cents; 101 to 200 - 50 cents) . 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found -- free 
Other ads: students -- 25 cents 
nonstudents -- $1 

Oeadlines: 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 pm Monday for Wednesday; 4 pm 
Wednesday for Friday. 

Annou,lcements: free. All announcements will run in the Monday 
calendar. Deadline for calendar: 4 pm Friday. 

(All additions or corrections to listings In the Schedule of Classes for 
regular University courses will be charged $1). 

fOR SALE 

"69 Toyota landcruiser. Xlnt condition! Low 
mileage. many accessories 453-0387. (419) 

My fnend was given a Longlnes digital watch 
he wants 10 sell. unused . In box, 5300 755-
7904 SabIno (419) 

62 Ford Falcon sw good engIne Runs $50. 
453-0325 (419) 

Inch fluorescent Itxture and 2 grow lux 
tubes. LIke nu Grow stuf Indoors . year round 
Bnan 436-6670 (415) 

ROSSIgnol skits exc 175 cm . 550. 453-8427 
(415 

SewIng machIne exc. $35 mtrror 513 chest of 
drawers (5) span deSIgn $45 sUItcase $3 
453-8427 (4 15 

Bunk beds & mattresses $99. lamps 55 teak 
desk $99 WIth bookshelve front exc. From 
Copenhagen 453-8427 . (4 15) 

All teak -end tables $25 plus 6 pIece round 
coffee table $125 & huge lounge chair $60. 
-453-8427 1415) 

1972 Capn V-6 . automatIC . sunroof . 4 new 
radIal tlfes . car cover decor group Intenor, 
AM I FM tape-stereo Best offer Call DIana 
270-8604 alter 7 pm or leave mess .~ge before 
5 pm at 452-4033 (419) 

Peugeot U08 Ten speed. fatrly new, excellent 
condition . 21' 1" frame . $95 . call 453-0040 
(419) 

Calculalor HP45 5190 pnce new is 5245 plus 
lax. Doug X2466 or 755-0039 eve . (4/5) 

Pre-Den lsl Pracllce carvIng kIt for UCSF & 
USC. comple le with Instructions 1 st $5 Bob 
452-1259 (4 15) 

Surfboard 6T' x 21 " Good condl llon , ex-
cellent learner's board . $45 Call Jeff at 453-
58t 7 1419) 

New SchWInn Varsity 10 speed Metal flake 
body , 27" ttres . Mutr Apts R-9, ask for DKB . 
LOiS 01 style . $7500 (4 15) 

SkIS - FIsher Alu Good condo marker-bInd 
$4500 Call 453-9663, MItch (417) 

KIndness deluxe elec half rollers by Clatrol 
Ilghled mlfror- $t5 00 3975-F Mtramar SI 
275-t839 (4 19) 

70 Plymouth Duster . 4 speed . mags . IIres . 
scoop Very sharp New clulch & brakes 
1 200 V'c 452-9867 (4 19) 

2 Kneeboards . guaranteed to get you In Ihe 
grPCitrOOm Also longlohn Call Dale 755-
7150. evenIngs (411 2) 

1965 VW Squareback Excellenl condItIon 
Food for freeway . around town and Bala 
camping Exl~as . $1 .000 Call 272-8532 (417) 

F,at 850 '59 veryl cheap Iransportallon Besl 
otler under $350 Torrey Pines Rd near MUIr 
B(b 453-6667 (4 15) 

Am p<'g PA 6 Ch nnels. high Impedence and 4 
foot columns Excellenl condi t ion. $800. 

~72-8')32 . (417) 

ItOUSiNG 

ROOMMATES NEEDED. Room for:l to share. 
3 mi . 10 UCSD $83lmon + elect. Clean 
qUIet 452-8493. Grant. (417) 

Fem -roommate wanted . own rm . to LaJolia 
Mesa Estates townhouse. Jacuzzi , pool, 
TenniS. 5 min . from UCSD. $1251month + 
ullll"es. Call 453-7945. (4/ 5) 

Roommale wanted to share 2 bdrm apt In 
Solana Bch TenniS courts, pool , sauna. 
Prefer lemale 755-8448. (415) 

Roommate wanted ' own big room In MIssion 
Bch house wI garage. Couples. pels OK . 
$150. Call Joeat 488-4820. (417) 

Roommale ~anted own larg room and 
share MI SSion Bch house w l Grad sludent. 
$150lm Call Joe. 488-4820 . (4 /5) 

3 roommales needed 10 share 3 bdrm duplex 
2 blocks Irom beach In Del Mar. Own room 
$too Ipreler F) . share room $75 per person 
Available June 20 for t year lease. Call Su 
755-:1249 leave message (417) 

Roommat wanted M or Fawn bdrm in large 
house t blk lrom beach . Garden & other 
goodlesSloo. 224- t990 (417) 

TRAVEL 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD IN-
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12-4pm 45~0630 . (6/3) 

WANTEd 

SublPcts needed lor phonetICS expenment. 
For details call or see Sue , P&L 3t26. ext. 
2537 

RESEARCH PSA tel Is 
FREE CATALOG! 

Write or call for your copy of our 
latest catalog of over 5,000 re-
search studies These studIes are 
deSigned to HELP YOU IN THE 
PREPARA TION of 

• Research Papers 
• Essays • Case StudIes 
• Speeches • Book ReVIews 
WE ALSO DO CUSTOM WR(TlNG 

MINUTE RESEARCH 

UCSan 
buzz oft 

I 

=1 -t) ::/ 1 1360 N Sandburg # 1602 
ChIcago IllInOIS 60610 

312-337-2704 
2ftlmes 
a day. 

,---
,,' Headed for northern , 

;' California (or LA , Burbank, Long Beach, 
,,'" Ontario)? Call your campus rep or PSA and 

.. - - - - _ .. - - tell them YOu w~nt to buzz off PSA gives you a lift 

Wanted CINCO MAl:::; rROS by Coleman & 
MOL BIO OF EUC CELLS. Hood Wilson & 
Wood Call Dan at 453-7684. (4/51 -

A nde to Santa Barbara Apnl 9 or 10. Will 
help pay expens s Call Tom at 453-9549. 
(415) 

Overseas jobs- ASia Austraha , Africa, 
Europe . South Ameri ca All occupations, 
$600-52500. Invalc_ble experiences. DetaIls 

~5 cents International Employment 
Research . Box 389347 . Seattle . Wash . 98t25 . 
(411 9) 

Teachers at all levels Foreign and Oomestlc 
Teachers. Box I 3. Vancouver . Wash . 
98660 . (415) 

Wanted short calculus ' An applied approach 
Calhy 453-87tO If not leave message. (415) 

Wooden rocking chair and or beanbag chair 
wanled good condIt ion. Pay up to $35 Calf 
454-544B. (4/5) 

Wanled Copy 01 Intra to Genellcs by Merrell . 
Mlna . 459-8158 (415) 

• SERVICES 

Cus tom grad announcments. wedding in-
Vita tions . etc. OrigIOal calligraphy at low 
cost. 453-0387. (419) 

TypISt. IBM term paper , theSIS. dissertation. 
etc edIting. rush jobs , xerox 560-8171,452-
1588. (613) 

Auto work : tune up brakes . minor repair, lube 
and 011 . good work , iow price Mike 436-3667. 
(4/12) 

Typlng-Manlyn would like 10 type your 
paper . theSIS. book . She is experienced, fast, 
reasonable and has a correctIng IBM . Please 
call herat 565-7000 (417) 

AFSers' Please join us Tues . 6 Apr . at the 
Inler Center lounge 7 30 pm Irs Important 
you'rethere l 45l-1284 . (415) 

PERSONAls 

A ro by any other nam would stink as 
much. 20 y.s haven't made a mark. Thanks 
for lhe good "mos -RB (415) 

Su You're such a culie. Later. Gator? -Th 
OB Ran~ r 14112) 

SHORT LEGS Number 20 on Fool's Day . 
Congra ts 10 a real Bud One more to go! 
Frnm BUDS OF KANK (415) 

• SERVICES 

LOOKING FOR A MORE REWARDING JOB 
THIS SUMMER? More pay and out of state. 
459-43 lor Interview (5116) 

HATHA YOGA Small Inendly classes, im-
prove your concen trallon and gain control at 
mind and body thru poslures . br .. "th contro l 
medItatIon and r laxa llon . Tu S or Thurs 7: 
8 30 pm . Wed morning 9'30-11 00. $8 per 
month . students . $12 per month , non-
students Flfst class tree, East Commons 
Room. Old Mesa Apts. Call 275-1839, Sandra 
Jennings . Instructor (CertIfied by Indra Devl) 

lOST & fOUNd 
LOST Mon . 3-29 Itght suede "dnvlng" cap 
between MUIr & Bonner Hall . Its re turn much 
appreclaled . Joey 755-7427 . (4/5) 

To the person who stole my purse out of the 
Jazz class dreSSing room: Keep the money 
but please return the rest or anything to the 
IT Office or call 274-8390, Sandy (415) 
LOST peac.h. blue and green scarf, between 
Rev tie Plaza and Coffee Hul. SentImental 
value Call 452-0264. (4/51 

LOST whoever found a Rodin-s Calculus 
book & red nOlebook In MUir Cafe, please 
return at Ie sl the notebook . Call 453-0189 , 
no Ques tions asked . (415) 

LOST Whoever tound the woman's wallel 
With shell c redit card In II. turn Inlo TT 
a'ioce . (415) 
TO whomever stole the money from my green 
wall t on Ap'" 2 Keep the money. but please 
r turn my German coins. They are of sen, 
\lmenlal valu only Return them to the TT 
OffIce. please (415) 

DON'T CELEBRATE 
PASSOVER 

Iii you find out about the communal "Seder" at Chabad 
H ou The traditional meal is served as a full cour 
banquet. An int resting and enthusiastic " Seder" is 
permea ted with authen tic "Chasidi " warmth. song and 
spirit. Continuous translations and explanations ac-
company the readings . R . . V .P. Only! Call 286-
4747 ( p cia l Rate for Students) 

......... .. .............. ......... ... ......................... 

YOUR NAME IS YOU 
1 

:> ; 
CI 
l) 
> 
c 
2 

poems by 

Edwin Fussell 
Prof of American Literature at U.C.S_D. 

c 
« 
> D 

3.95 PAPERBACK TU DBOO TORE 
2 
a 
~ 
CL 


