
Task Force 
to Unveil 
Alternatives 

by Mark SauBer 
Managlag Editor 

A controversial student task 
force that studied student 
government models over the 
summer plans to issue a report 
early this week detailing three 
alternative governments for 
UCSD. 

The Task Force on Student 
Governance-which finished its 
eight-week term last Friday-is 
expected to unveil a report with 
three possible alternative student 
governments for the campus. One 
Pt'oposed model combines features 
of a traditional Associated Student 
government and the current UCSD 
Student Cooperative Union. 

A second model is based on a 
parliamentary system. A third 
strongly resembles the Coop, with 
a more defined structure and 
several new features. 

Student Hearings 
Further details about the models 

will not be available until the task 
force report is released. 

Student input will then be 
solicited through a series of 
hearings on the report. Following 
that a student referendum will be 
set up by the Elections Board for 
either late Fall or early Winter 
Quarter. 

The task force report will be the 
result of a chain of events which . 
sta rted, according to a letter from 
Chancellor McElroy to prospective 
committee members, with 
students who approached him 
requesting that he appoint a task 
force to " prepare a referendum on 
student governance for Fall 
Quarter .. " 

The need for -such a review, 
McElroy wrote, came about 
because of last year's emergence 
of " considera ble s tudent 
disillusionment with the Coop." 

Task force co-chairman Fred 
Speck, who says he agrees with the 
Chancellor's letter, gave a further 
reason for the committee in an 
interview last Wednesday. He said 
the referendum resulting from the 
task force is necessary to ascertain 
the amount of student Sl!pport for 
the Coop. 

" If the Coop wants to keep 
allocating Activity Fees it has to 
become accountable," Speck said. 

Possible Biases 
The task force has been a 

subject of controversy from its 
inception. When Speck approached 
the reg fee committee at its August 
7 meeting to request funding for 
the project, he was met with 
questions about the task force's 
timing and its possible biases. 

In fact, Reg Fee originally 
rejected the proposal. Only after 
placina several new conditions on 
the task force--including the 
provisions for student hearings and 
the Election Board-supervised 
referendum.-did the conunittee 
approve its funding. 

Continued 11/1 Page 4 

DeacOme to place 'IT Welcome-
Back Penoaala II Wednesday at 
3:31p.m. 

For ju t Z5 cent per penoaal, 
you CaD have 1 .. lpaces to greet 
the people you have milled for the 
la t three moaths. 

Personal forms CaD be obtained 
betweea 8 alld 3 In the Dew TI' 
offl ID the soath est coner of 
th tudeDtenter. 

·. 

L...,. ............ 6 ....... ~ ______ ~___ _ __ "" 

A new. safer playground area is one of the many improuements that were 
made ouer the summer at the UCSD Day Care Center. (IT Photo : Wally 
Mathison) 

Day Care Center Revamped 
by Joel C. Don 

Associate Editor 
After months of campus publicity and controversy, the UCSD Day Care 

Center has undergone a drastic program of revitalization. 
Those who have been accustomed to the dilipidated trailer amidst an 

eroded sand pit and roach infested storage shack, will find two newly 
renovated units surrounded by landscaped playground facilities . 

Criticism of the day care facility last year prompted the allocation of 
university funds through the Regen Capital Improvement Program. • 

According to Laura Michetti, Manager of UCSD Business Services and 
Enterprises, $26,000 has been allocated for th r novation of the day care 
center. Materials and labor were also donated by parents of Day Care 
Center children. 

Michetti added that community business establishments, including 
Nurseryland, Pacific Telephone and San Diego Gas-and Electric donated 
materials and services to the center. ' 

. Two Sections 
The center is divided into two sections, the upper and lower units, with 

a total capacity of31 children. 
The upper unit, which can accommondate 11 infants, received $4,000 in 

renovations, including.a new floor and extensive painting of the interior 
and exterior builc4ng facility. 

The lower unit received $6,000 in renovations and can now operate at a 
maximum of 20 pre-school children. 

$16,000 went toward the installation of automatic sprinkling systems. 
new sidewalks and the addition, of n w ground equipment for the children. 

JOSle }<'oulks, director of the c nter, welcomes the change from a 
~rent c.ooperative to a department of the Business Office. w sing the 
virtual mdependence from the university has not hindered the ef-
fectiveness of the day care education or parent participation in center 
policy, she said. 

An advisory committee of student, staff and faculty parents has been 
established to propose additions and improvements to Warren Levin 
Associate Vfce Chancellor of Business Management. ' 

~n order to alleviate the controversy of admi sion priority , the com-
mittee has determined a system of priority for center admissions. First 
priority goes to the 'children of students. Staff children are next followed 
by faculty children. ' 

Presently, the center contains seven faculty and staff children, and 20 
Continued on Page 5 

Regents Approve $48 
Fee ~Hike for Next Fall 

by Alec Nedelman 
Statewide Editor 

The Board of Regents last 
summer approved a $48 increase in 
the annual Registration Fee paid 
by UC students. However, the fee 
hike could go as high as $72-per 
year, if the chancellors decide to 
use an additional discretionary 
increase mandated by the Regents. 

The fee hike is scheduled to go 
into effect next Fall, and increase 
the Reg Fee from the current $300-
per year to at least $348. The exact 
level for UCSD students will be 
determined by Chancellor 
McElroy's decision on the dif-
ferential increase. 

McElroy-and the rest of the UC 
chancellors-have until Nov. 15 to 
decide on use of the $45-differential 
hike. 

Extra Fee " Necessary" 
Rick Whitehill, Assistant Vice-

Chancellor of Student Affairs and 
c<K:hair of the Advisory Com-
mittee on Student Fee Progr~s, 
which allocates the Reg Fee, told 
the Triton Times last Tuesday that 
neither the Chancellor nor the reg 
fee committee has made any 
decision on the differential in-
crease. However, he said, " It is my 
feeling that it will be necessary to 
use the campus discretionary 
power as it appears is being done 
elsewhere. " 

Whitehill also said that under UC 
President David Saxon 's 
guidelines the entire $45 dif-
ferential increase " carulOt all 
come at once. It has to come in 
stages. Only $24 of the increase can 
be put into place in any given 
year." Therefore, the maximum 
fee for 1977-78 is $372, and the 
maximum fee for 1978-79 is $393. 

Student Regent Daryn Peeples, a 
UC Berkely undergraduate, op-
posed having the campus chan-
cellors, decirle on the differential 
increase. She said she " really 
would not like to see a ny increase 
go without the (Regents) a p-
proval. " 

Peeples feels tudents are 
" better represented at Regent's 
meetings than th yare in the 
decision-making proces es on local 
campu es or in the niversity as a 
whole." 

Saxon, however , insisted the 
authority to increase fees between 
the $348 floor and the $393 ceiling 
should rest with the individual 
chancellors, working under his 
guidelines and subject to his final 
approval. His position was adopted 

by the regents by an 11-5 vote. 
The position taken by Peeples 

was further enunciated at UCSD by 
Andy Schneider, Coop Statewide 
External Affairs Coordinator and 
campus representative to the 
Student Body Presidents Council. 
" On this issue," he said last 
week, " there was a strong feeling 
that there should be some means to 
go beyond the Chancellor to a body 
not so directly involved in campus 
politics. 

" It seems ironic to me, " 
Schneider continued, " that if we 
wanted to increase the ($6 ) student 
activity fee we'd have to consult 
the regents. Yet on a major Reg 
Fee increase the regents have 
relinquished their responsibility." 

First since 1968 
This will be the first Reg Fee 

increase since 1968 and, under the 
guidelines adopted the fee will not 
be increased " on a University-wide 
basis during the three-year period 

1977~, provided necessary State 
funding ... is available." 

Saxon has been instructed by the 
Regents to seek $9 million in State 
fu nds for programs now supported 
by the Reg Fee. Without the State 
Funds Saxon warns there would be 
another fee increase in 1980, or 
bef{)re. 

Some of the programs now 
funded in whole or part by the Reg 
Fee that Saxon and the UC ad-
ministration feel the State should 
help fund include Student Health 
Services, Student 'Financial Ser-
vices, Student Employment, 
Counseling and Psychological 
services, EOP, Career Plarming, 
intercollegiate sports, legal ser-
vices, Housing Staff and programs 
and the Craft Center. 

However, according to Whitehill, 
the biggest reason the increase is 
necessary is " not to incr ease 
student activities and programs, 
a lthough we'd like to in some 
areas, but primarily because wage 
and alary increases are mandated 
by the State on one hand but not 
paid by the state on the other hand." 

Whitehill al 0 pointed to co t 
increases 10 tudent health 111-
sura nee. malpractice insuranc . 
maintenance and utility co ts' and 
other operational co ts that the 
Reg Fe has to pick up. When the 
campus growth rate was high "we 
gen rated enough incremental 
in orne to offset these cost in-
creases. But the campus (growth) 

.lItinued on Page 5 

Extensiofl to Hold Mystery Writer Seminar Tuesday 
by Alan Russell 

News EdItor 
The buUer did not do it. 
In fact, the mysterious disap-

pearance, murder if you will, of 
classic mystery novels from 
bookshelves has been a growing 
problem over the years. 

The case-problem,. has been at 
least partially solved by UC San 
Diego Extension and a 
distinguished group of mystery 
writers and critics. 

Lugqbrlously say "good 
evening" to the U~D Extension 
Mystery Ubrary. 

Meetin8 for the first time little 
over a year ago, the "Mystery 
Library" established a veritable 
"Who's Who" in the mystery field 
in organillng their editorial board. 
The 12 person committee tUed on 

three main objectives, being: 1) to 
republish (with commentary and 
bibliography ) those quality 
mystery stories that are presently 
unavailable in hard-bound 
editions; 2) to publish an original 
" appreciation of the mystery 
story" book, which will also serve 
as a text book ; and 3) to create and 
make available to schools , 
colleges, and universities those 
course materials pertaining to the 
mystery storr. 

Under the drive of John Ball, 
noted writer and editor-in-chief of 
the Mystery LibraI")' Editorial 
Board, those Initial plans and 
others have already been ac-
complished. Collaborating with the 
literary selections of the Editorial 
·Board member , UCSD Extension, 
through Publi hers Inc. of Del 

Mar, has started a bookclub. 
" There has been nothing like this 

before," said Caleb "Shelly" 
Lewis, Director of Media 
Programs for UCSD Extension and 
'Coordinator of the project. " We 
have the top writers and critics 
working on this project, so it will be 
impossible to ever duplicate. 

" The books we are printing are 
unique in many ways. Besides 
giving the public and e pecially 
students the opportunity to obta ' 
some of the classic mysteries, we 
are also making the works more 
substantial by having a re pect d 
author write an introduction. In 
addition, ther will b iilu trations, 
e planantion of ignlfic80t 
passages, riUcal arti Ie on th 
book and author, and a compl t 
biograph fthe author' works." 

News of this ambitious project 
has excited many enthusiastic 
mystery readers worldwide, as 
evidenced by the daily mail Lewis 
has been receiving. " It's been very 
encouraging," said Lewi . " What 

ontinued on Page 7 

I SIDE THE n 
A &bostl hero of the sixties is 

haunting the politIcal CIrcuit ttus 
year. Eu ene McCarthy, hero of 
tudents, Jjber~ and anti-war 

activi t5 during the 1 8 
pre Idential campaign, is run-
nin again thi year as an in-
depend nt. His quixotic cam-

.paign i anal zed In a featur 
art! 1 on page ix. 



..... 

It ........ 

, 

Unsigned editorials repreRnt II majority opinion of the Triton nmes 
Editorial Hoard, which is composed of Executive editor David Elsen, 
Managing editor Mark Stadler, News editor Alan Russell. Statewide 
editor Alec Nedelman . Community editor Vera Todorov and Opinion 
editor Ran Anbar. All signed material and artwork represent the author's 
opinion and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Triton nmes. 

Reg Fee Refe~ 
The ...... 01 Rep_ .. UC Presldeat David SuH ...... be 

roUDdly __ !Ired f .......... t .... t ReIis ...... Feel at HI JaIJ 
aaeeta.I, wIlDe UC ....... were .. tIIeU' ....... break. Tbe Studeld 
Body Pre.lcIe .. •• CoaaeD re .... ted tMt tbe Ret.- walt _111 the 
FaD, wbeD .tudent opbdoa OD &be fee Idte eeaJd be MIIefted, bat was 
ipored. 

The Re,ellis' action moat paiDfully po .... ciat aile ..... r. "-
posltloa at the Ualvenlty of CaWorula: a COIISUler w ..... t a \'Glce" 
determJaJag what Is done with his mOBey. But, becallle .f another 
regealal declsloD takea at the ame meetlD&, ChaDeeDor McElroy baa 
a chauce to show that the studea .. • posltioD at UCSD Is at least a Uttle 
better thaD that. 

Besides ralslq the Reg Fee a maadatory $48-per year Dext year, &be 
Regellis also approved a discretloaary fee of "5, of whlcb $U caD be 
imposed during Im-7B, aDd the rest the Dext year. 

Tbe UC chanceDon have uDtD Nov. 15 to decide wbether or Dot to 
Impose the dlscretloaary IDcrease, whicb could cause the-Reg Fee to 
skyrocket to $393 aaaually la 1978-79. 

It is the argumeDt of some people tbat the dlscretioaary locrease Is 
necessary to conHoue tbe current level of stud eDt services, wblcb are 
funded by Reg Fee monies. . 

According to Rick WbitehiU, co-cbairman of the CommiUee for 
Student Fee Programs, that committee will need an extra _,000 by 
next spring to maiDtaln all the curreDt Reg Fee programs. 

The biggest chunk of that increase will go to Studeat ARairs em-
ployees, whose salaries are mandated by the state Legislature. 
However, the legislature neglects to also allocate the fuads to pay for 
those salary increases. 

This is a ludicrous policy. The legislature shows great irrespon-
sibility when it approves salary figures without also mandating 
necessary funds to puy for them. 

Another large portion of the Reg Fee budget goes to the many 
student programs and services, including student health, financial 
aids, employment services and intercollegiate athletics. 

10 order to insure that the Reg Fee commiUee is able to fund those 
programs fairly, we endorse the concept of zero-based budgeting, 
UDder which every program that requests funds bas to jWltUy every 
dollar of its request every .year. In this era of tight finances the 
committee can do no less. 

But such money-savlag practices will oot erase the deficit facing the 
Reg Fee budget. In the end the Chancellor still must decide whether to 
impose the discretionary increase. 

We hope tbe Chancellor does not make his decision with oaly the 
advice of Student Affairs personnel and a smaUerlag 01 students. He 
should seek out the advice of the entire student body la a campus 
referendum. 

Some might argue against this, saying that students wOBld not bave 
adequate time to acquaint themselves with the Issues behind the 
controversy. We disagree. A referendum held la the flnt week of 
November would leave five weeks to study the Issues. 'lbat Is plenty of 
time. 

This course would certainly be preferable to operatioD la ignoraDee 
of studeDt opinion, expeciaUy on a decision deaUng with a fee imposed 
by the Regents to fund studeDt services. 

Third College Funding 
Once again, at the last minute, plunlng funds for Third College Step 

II has been shot down. After Gov. Brown refused to Include the 
necessary funds in his 1976-77 budget request, there was still a CbaDce 
the Legislature would Include It. 

While tbe Senate Finance Subcommittee on Education refused to 
Include the item in their versloD of the budget, the Assembly Ways aDd 
Means Subcommittee lacluded It in thein. This meant the Issue bad to 
be resolved in a joint Senate-Assembly conference committee. 

The conference committee members spent about ooe minute on a 
totany misinformed discussion about revene disCrimInatiOD and the 
statewide problems in funding a college associated with it. They theD 
voted to not Include Step II fUDds la the budget. 

We wish to remind the Legislature that Tbird College does Dot, aDd 
has never practiced revene discrimination. The College, as eDun-
clated by a student statement, focuses on "produclag skilled Ia-

divjd~ls with a social consciousness. It Is a ualque community 
comm!'.t to the pursuit of progressive education through the united 
effort of students, faculty, and administration." 

We re ogolze Third College's Deed for a cluster commuolty and 
programalic unity. Without Step II its academic focos Is lacking aad 
its deVl'lopment as a college is hindered. . 

We j'lln the ~ruwiog cry lJf vnlees demaadl!!A that the Legislature 
and Governor Brown place Third College Step U fundlDg as a number 
one pr :o;1ty ~or next year's budget. The Student Body Presldeats 
Council, 'flDd through it the UC Student Lobby are DOW part of this 
effort. N~ urge the campus community to support their effona. 

. TT Open Policy 
Welcome to the Dew, Independent Triton Time •. But don't think that 

just because we aren't taking yonr Registration Fee monies any mote 
doesn't mean that we don't need your belp. We're still the newspaper 
of the UCSD Student Community. 

• We still have our open policy. U you have an opinion on any Issue. 
anytbing that's Important to you as a student, write it up and bring It to 
our new office on the southwest side of the Stud nt Center. 

The Triton Times Is your new paper. Use It. 

Beware the Mask of the Politician 
by Ru AaIIar 
0pIaIIB EdItIr 

In this election y.r we an CIlCe 
more faced with the clIaappoiII&iat 
fact that too often our PnIIdent Ia 
elecded not on hia rec:ord but on bIa 

carter nor Ford hal this "trait," 
one which should not really affect 
the outcome of the election since it 
Is baled on Ihowmanshlp. 
President Kennedy used this a_ to his advantage. 

A President 'could be removed 
from office not only for biih crimes 
but also for failure in performance. 
This would insure that if the 
American people elect a President 
who Is not what they expected they 
would have the option of removing appeal. . 

Our democratic form of 
govemmeat bas a built-in 
weakn"l in it tbat allowl 
showmanablp to surpass put 
performance in tile race to the 
White House. It Is lICIt the fault of 
the c:andldatee, bowever, since 
after aU they must wort within the 
system to win the election. 

Another iatereetin, development 

WUD WOULD yOU VIT5 roR, ? 

A cardlnal rule 10 politics is to 
make as few enemies u pmslble. 
In tbis era c:l television such a rule 
may weD be stated as. "Ooo't say 
something' which might annoy 
someone." • Unfortunately almost 
any idea baa its opposition and 
present dv politicial18 seem to 
bavetwisted the ru1etosay. "Don't 
say anything unless you have to." 

in Presidential Politics '76 is the him. But that doesn't say much for 
shift from the importance ot' the the Americans wbo elected him in 
candidates' moral values to the the first place. 
importance of a perfect financial Another possibility Is to allow a 

Jinuny Carter would have liked 
to have said nothing. After aD, he 
had a giant lead in the polls and by 
keeping quiet it was hard to see 
how he could not be elected. 

record. group of knowledgeable citizens 

But Carter's appeal stenuned 
from the honesty he "sold" to the 
country, and thus he felt he had to 
answer certain question. In 
keeping along a vague line 
however, he succeeded in main-
tairling the opposition off balance 
since they had nothing to attack 
him with. 

In 1976 we have a Vice- who are trained in Presidential 
Presidential candidate who has selection (so that they are not 
been divorced (Dole), and a affected by surface appeal) to elect 
Presidential candidate who states the President. That would require 
that he has, "committed adultery a slight revision of the Electoral 
in my heart many times." with CoDege system presentiy in effect. 
very little reperCUSSions, if any. But once again this doesn't say 

ThIL'l a candidate's weaknesses much for the Americans who are 
in these political times include Wlable to select a President on 
speaking out on the issues (Ronald their own. 

Of course, when he finally 
tripped (something Ford hasn't 
done in a while), he was attacked 
for his income tax proposal 

Reagan and "Scoop" Jackson 
failed because of talking tough), 
the inability to deliver an exciting 
speech (Jackson), and an im-
perfect financial record which is 
sometimes blown way out of 
proportion. 

The final suggestion is that the 
American citizens be instructed in 
what to look for in a candidate for 
the highest office in the land. This 
should increase interest in the 
Presidential elections as well as 
make United States citizens more 
aware of their own country. . because he had forgotten the1rule, 

" Don't get pinned down unless 
yo u' re on the floor. " 

Another quality which helps a 
candidate for the Presidency is the . 
ability to excite audiences. Neither 

But aren't we looking in a can-
didate for someone who can lead 
this country? The 1976 
"weaknesses" seem to be either 
minor or something which 
Americans should want from their 
candidates. 

But can this proposition be ac-
cepted by a government which was 
greatly elected on its vagueness, 
outward appeal, and a perfect 
fiI.ancial record? 

Let's Look to Future of Student Coop 
by Andy Schneider 

I will admit up front that in many areas the Student 
Cooperative Union has failed. But when was the last 
time you took a look at other university student 
govenunents? Students quick to generate vocal 
criticisms of the Coop fail to realize that the problems 
they point to are inherent in other structures. It is 
tough to be an experiment. 

Students and administrators demand twice as 
much from an alternative than from a traditlonai 
student government. Why wasn't a poD of 35% of the 
student body good enough to legitimize the Coop in 
the eyes of the Chancellor? Other UC campuses are 
ecstatic to draw 15% of their student body to vote in a 
hotly contested election of student officers. 

Because the Student Cooperative Union is an ex-
periment it takes time and effort to debate concepts 
as well as develop operating procedures. Several 
students have taken the poirUd time to create a 
litany of Cooperative shOrtcomings but few have 
hung around to share in the work of writing by-laws. 
There has been lots of sc~mlng and precious little 
time devoted to the fonnulation of an effective 
governance structure. 

I think that we tend to forget that if students do not 
attend Cooperative meetings or fail to become con-
cerned when their views are not represented. the 
situation is not golog to change with a president and a 
senate. A president and a senate first elected by a low 
percentage of students, who then proceed to 
deliberate on behalf of students without their 
kno,!ledge Is far worse than a Cooperative structure. 

To disband the Cooperative Union would destroy a 
first budding attempt at student community buildlog 
and effective student political advocacy. Although we 
have not used the COOPERATIVE structure to Its 
fullest potential, the Student Cooperative Union 
provides for a maximum participation of students 
and an openness uncommon in traditional structures. 

UC San Diego has suffered the growing pains of 
four student governments in the last eight years. 

I am conceroed that .. studenta graduate the 
learning processes and growth which infused the life 
of the StUdent Coop will be lost. The Student 

~ooperative Union has evolved from experiences 
with several structures. The strong desire of the 
students who founded the Cooperative w. to bring to 
UC San Diego a new awareness for student com-
rQWlity. 

The town hall style meetings grew from the need to 

insure that all studenta would have the opportunity to 
participate in the decisions which aRect the quality of 
student life. Do not allow a bureaucracy of elite 
student leaders to return to San Diego to make 
decisions based on a tradition, rather than need. 

It bas become clear that the student movement of 
the 60's has become institutionalized. Student leaders 
on an associated students payroll have little desire to 
achieve change, especially when there Is a job to 
maintain. I once met an elected student leader who 
didn't know quite how to cope with the concept of an 
alternative student governance structure. I told her 
that San Diego had 1000g ago voted out our Associated 
student government. Her first response was, "You 
can·t do that!" ·And I countered with. "Why not?" 

Here in San Diego we know what we have and why 
we have it. Too often, traditional student govern-
menis are so wrapped up in carrying on the process of 
a weD-oiled. engulfing machine that few stop to think 
about the purpose of government and few dare to 
challenge a structure. 

The last thing that the founders wanted when the 
Coop was established was to create another student 
eUte. 

The Coop was designed to serve as an umbrella 
organization for all student groups and segments of 
the UC San Diego campus community. Its purpoae 
was to reflect student needs and responses, rather 
than rule through an all powerful control ~ funds and 

' conunWlication. The Coop was to respect individual 
dignity and the separate Integrity of organizations. 

The Cooperative bal In some seOlle failed 10 reach 
tbis vital constituency which legitimizes it as a 
student government. The source of this problem has 
been the need for students to share in building the 
organizational aspects of the Cooperative. The 
Cooperative Propoul was an idea and not a con-
stitution. 

The time has come for the Cooperative to get Its act 
together in terms of functional by-laws and basic 
services to student organlzatiol18. 

This work has begun and you can be a part. Attend 
Cooperative meetings. Make an effort to lend a hand 
as we build for the future. Drop by the Cooperative 
office located In the 2nd floor of the Student Center 
and read the Cooperative Proposal. Become a part of 
a Student Cooperative Action Center or Support 
Group. Let's look not to the past failures of the 
Cooperative, but to the potential of a future ripened 
by the growths of experience. 

...... " IleplelBber17,1J'JI 

Analysis: The Debates 

Round 1: Ford 1, Carter 0 
by JeH Fenton 

The first of the long-awaited presidential debates held lut Thursday 
was punctuated by a 28 minute technical difficulty and followed by vic-
tory claims from both camps. But after the dust settled, it appeared that 
President Ford had scored a mild victory. 

The L.A. Times reported. the following day that a quick sW"Vey of SOO 
persons selected at random across the country scored Ford with 39%, 
carter with 31~, while '30% of those questioned felt thatneither candidate 
had an edge by the end of the debate. 

~ 
---

There were few real surprises in the points of view presented, and some 
clarification on issues did result. However, Governor Cm:.ter did not fully 
present specifics about goverrunental reorganization (partly owing to 
time limits). Carter did show an admirable grasp of facts , figures and 
details. 

Comparison in presentation and stage behavior shows the President 
ahead. Brief views of Carter while Ford spoke showed, from time to time, 
some fidgeting and abnonnal facial expressions (for Carter) while Ford 
retained almost complete composure. 

Cartel' lost points in attacking Ford on several instances, while Ford 
scored well in attacking the democratic-controlled congress, 
congressional operating expenses, and the "questionable morality" of 
some congressional employees. 

Both candidates summed up with emotional appeal of faith and hope. 
Serious questions still remain about how Carter would plan to balance 

the budget and enjoy increased federal programs as well. He could 
harshly learn that money cannot be had and spent too. 

A number of important issues failed to reach real consideration: illegal 
aliens, terrorism, safety, financial problems of cities (such as New 
York), rapid transit, discrimination, integration, and wasteful govern-
ment regulations. 

On October 6, the bell will sound for round two. Arena : San Francisco. 
Subject : Foreign, defense, and national security policies. 

triton times Page 3 

PRO/CON: Reverse 
.Discrimination 

OMMUNrl'Y 
LOODBANK 

This space will normally be recently ruled that it was un-
reserved for a new TrltoD Times constitutional for the University of 
column. The fact that makes this California to g ive prefe rence to 
column unique is that UCSD will be minority students applying to its 

9831ndlll 
327 FStreet 

PAYS DONORS 
for Service 

writing it. law and medical schools. 
Each week a topic will be Mon .. Frl. 

presented for your consideration We would like to hear your side 233·5481 
and we ask that you submit your of the story. Is reverse 234·4601 
responses in writing to the Triton discrimination necessary? Does it * ************ * Times by Thursday at 3 pm. have an important influence on 
Representative samples of your society as it is now and as it will be : :: 
opinions will then be published the in the future ? Should any citizen of ** ALL ** 
fol\owingMonday. the United States be denied 

The first topic we would like to anything due to his race, color or * * 
bring to discWlSion is the subject of creed? ** JI:WS ** 
" reverse discrimination. " Submissions should be typed, ~ 

The California Supreme Court double-spaced , on a 74-space line. * * 
The Triton Times is published by UCSD students as an oilicial studenl newspaper :* CHABAD :* 

Publica lion Is on Mondays . Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school year 
(except on official hol,days). Editorial and business offices are located in the Student * * 
Center at the Un iversity of California. San Diego. For editorial . call 452·3466; for buSiness * fo r * 
and display advertising . call 452·3468. 

Letters to the editor and opinion columns' are welcomed. All submissions must be typed * * 
and double·spaced on a 74·spacellne. They shojJld not exceed three pages in length. * Yom KI' pper * 

Submitted materia l must bear the name and student Idenllflcalion number of lhe author. * * 
Names can be withheld Irl'm pub lication on request ; however the names wi ll be held on file * * 
for publlclnspeclion . * * 

The Tri ton Times res8fVes the right to ed it submissions becaUlle of space t"nitalions or * * 
style requiremen ts. 

E . I 9 * October 3rd * ~:':;~:~:::~;~:::n;::**** ...... " .. *******: Services Begin : 
-it * * 6:30 p . m . [Kol Nidrel * 
-it UNDERGRADUATES NEEDED AS ! * October 4th * 
: MATHEMATICS GRADERS !: Services begin : 
-it _ * * at 10 a .m. * 

~ ($3.76 per hour) !: : 
-it ,.. * Make * 
-it ** * ~ Applicants must have an overall college CPA of 3.0 or better and : * Reservations * 
-it good grades in Math 2A, 8 , C, D, or E or any upper division Math * * * 
-it courses. Applications are available on the top floor of AP&M . * * Now! * 
iC Students will be considered on a first come first serve basis. ! : : ! Selected graders will be contacted early in the quarter. * * Free Free * 
iC * * For more information: * 
iC ! * Call Chabad * ! STUDENTS WHO HAVE GRADED BEFORE * : 6115 Montezuma . :: 
iC . ! * San Diego, Ca 92115 * 
: MUST APPLY AGAIN AT THIS TIME- * * 286-4747 * 
~ ** * 
************************************ * ************* * 

A short course 
in what to expect 
from your ballk. 

Service: No service charges for writing checks when you keep a 
$100 minimum balance • Low bank rates for all kinds of 
loans • Master Charge and Cash Reserve. 

Convenience: More than 40 offices throughout'San Diego County; more 
than 100 offices in California • All offices open till 5 pm 
Monday through Thursday, till 6 pm on Friday· Key 
loc.ations are open till 7:30 on Friday and 9 am to 3 pm on 
Saturday, including the Del Mar and La Jolla Dffice 
listed below. 

For openers, that's aU you need to know about banking except our name. 

CALlFO_.,,..J .... 
Del Mar Ofllce 
330 15th Street 
Phone 755-9321 

La Jolla OfIIce La Jolla Shores I 
Tim Monaghan, Mgr. 

7807 Girard Avenue 
Phone 294-4773 
John G. Weaver. Mgr. 

2256 Avenida de la Playa 
Phone 294-4440 
Kathleen Rasmussen, Mgr. FIRST BANK 

Member FDIC 



'. 

~ : 

triton tiDies 

HL Uses New Security 

Librarian Jill Jordan demonstrates 
the book detection system recently 
installed at the Huma~es Library. 
IT photo; Bill Brooks 

byLa .. Rk ... 
Stall Writer 

Due to an increasing amount of 
stolen boob at the Humanities 
Ubrary (IlL), bead librarian Marc 
Gittelaobn baa announced the 
inItallaUon of an electronic 30M 
book detectlan system. Books 
whicb have not been "desen-
sitized" tbrougb the new cbeck-out 
procedure will activate an alarm 
at the exit, prevenUng the holder 
from passing through the gate. 

Missing books numbered ap-
proximately 1300 out of the 
library's 60,000 volumes last year, 
with a replacement cost of one half 
the annual HL budgeL 

"\ NA TlONALL Y KNOWN 
SPEED READING' COURSE 

TO BE TAUGHT HERE 
IN SAN DIEGO 

SAN DIEGO AREA - (Spec.) 
United Stales Reading Lab will 
offer a 4 week course in speed 
reading to a limited number of 
qualified people in the San 
Diego area. 

This recently developed 
method of instruction is the 
'most innovative and effective 
program available in the United 
states. 

Our average graduate should 
read 7-10 times faster upon 
completion of the courses with 
marked improvement in 
comprehension and con-
centration. 

For those who would like 
additional information, a series 
of free, one hour orientation 
lectures have been scheduled. 

These free meetings will be 
held at the following times and 
locations; 

Funds for the new security 
system were specially allocated 
through the Chancellor's office. 
However, Gittelsohn emphasizes 
that he would much prefer 
receiving extra money to Improve 
llbr'ary resources, but neeesaity 
called for actioo to be taken 
against the thefts. 

,Expect a Polite Reqaeit 
Staff members at the library are 

reluctant to disclose tile mechanics 
of the system, but Gittelsohn ex-
plains that it is greatly preferable 
to the alternative of personal 
searches and reduction of library 
how s. Students caught by the 
alarm may expect a polite request 
to check-out the book before 
exiting. ' 

Similar security systems have 
been implemented throughout the 
United States, including 
Grossmont Community College in 
San Diego. The college has 
. reported a 70% decline in the book 
loss rate. 

Gittelsohn feels that by 
monitoring the books more 
carefully, availability will be in-
creased, thus bringing books and 
readers together. 

Task Force ••• 
~ provisions were added, 

according to Bob Simon, then-c()o 
chairman of the Reg Fee com-
mittee, because the proposal's 
timing did not allow for enough 
student input. 

Speck, in answer, blamed "basic 
foot-dragging" for the timing. He 
said he asked the Chancellor to 
make a committment toward the 
task force in Spring Quarter, but 
that McElroy waited until Sum-
mer. 

The task force proposal was also 
criticized at the August meeting 
for what some considered its anti-

Not only dpes this famous 
course reduce your time in the 
classroom to just one class per 
week for 4 short weeks, but it 
also includes an advanced 
speed reading course on 
cassette tape so that you can 
continue to improve for the rest 
of your life. 

,------------1 Coop bias. Simon, in an interview 
last week, said that Speck was 
" trying to off the Coop 
unilaterally. " 

U you are a student who 
would like to make Ns instead 
of B's or C's, or if you are a 
business person who wants to 
stay abreast of today's ever-
changing, accelerating world, 
then this course is an absolute 
necessity. 

In a few months, some 
students are reading 20-30 times 
faster, attaining speeds that 
approach 6000 words per 
minute. 

Location: Town & Country 
Hotel, Executive Rm, East end 
of property. 
Thur. Sept 30 - ~t 6:30 pm & 
again at 8: 30 pm. 
Fri. Oct. 1- at 6:30 pm & again 
at8:30pm. 
Sat Oct. 2 - at 10:30 am & again 
at 1:30pm. 
Mon. Oct 4 - at 6:30 pm & again 
at8:30pm. 
Tue. Oct.5 - at 6: 30 pm & again 
at8:30pm. 
Wed. Oct. 6 - at 6:30 pm & 
again at 8: 30 pm. 

Schneider Criticism 
Coop Statewide External Affairs 

coordinator Andy Schneider, who 
wrote a letter to the Reg Fee panel 
questioning the task force, was 
equally critical. 

" What bothers me," Schneider 
said last week, "Is that one or two 
people went to the Chancellor and 
said 'Give me a letter to change the 
Coop.' " 

In reply to those charges Speck 
said " I've never wanted to 011 the 
Coop." He said he actually ap-
proved of the original Coop 
Structure, but that the task force 
was in response to student 
dissillusionment with the 
organizatiul'. 

Speck said that in selecting task 

Moaday, SepkP1ber!'7~ lfii 

W~itc WlJales 
~d 
Ot~er MelQorabilia 

by Ala. Rauen 
It was the first day of classes. 
At least it sbou1d have been. 
r admit my amusement was great last June when the university sent 

me my fall schedule, but nothing was ~ anymore. A LiL major who 
aspires to nothing more than the' multiplication and division tables 
wouldn't be In his element in upper division Chemistry and Physics 
classes. 

Damned comedian computer. I hope your act ends up in the junk yard. 
So what to do? 
I decided to walk over the the registrar's office and check out the newly 

posted class schedules. At least it couldn't do any harm. I thought. 
The mean crowd spreading out into the street alerted me to the fact that 

the computer had folded, spindled, and mutiliated more psyches and 
schedules than mine. It was a long time before I got the chance to scan 
that precious black and white sheet of new classes, but what I saw offered 
in the Literature section didn't even give me the bang of a Tic-Tac. 

Nancy Drew wasn't quite' what I was looking for. 
With an ugly crowd pushing at my back, alerting me to the fact that my 

five seconds were up, I desperately searched the other departments for 
• one class, any class, which I might be interested in. 

Then I sawn. 
Alcbemy 101 

How to change coal 
into gold 

While fighting my way out I found myself thinking that the class 
locatioo was appropriate. The utility tunnels, you know, those seven foot 
concrete conduits running underground from Revelle, up to Muir, and all 
over the place. Every UCSD student worth his salt has made a trek there 
at least once. 

Forthwith I travelled to the Undergraduate Science Building at 
Revelle. I made my way through the machinery and pipes and soon I 
started travelling through the tunnels, so anxious was I to enroll in Dr. 
Esais Weir's alchemy class. With next month's rent staring me in the eye, 
I looked forward to the possibility of changing coal into gold. 

There was only one problem with progressing into the tunnels. You 
stand a ~ chance of going through the door which has a silent alarm 
connected with campus police. Hoping I'd have better luck than I did with 
the craps tables in Las Vegas, I picked my door. . 

For five minutes I walked in darkness and silence, but then, as might be 
expected, J heard long peals of insane cackling. I followed the sounds, 
each step moving me further into the underground web. 

At last the darkness ended, and I came upon a scene reminiscent of a 
disco gone mad. I watched as rhythms of power circuitry pulsed, and 
electrical devices gave off lights of strobe intensity. In the rtlidst of this, 
HE stood. 

It would be impossible to describe him. I'll try anyway. He was a cross 
between Marty Feldman and a Zacha~ ' All salesman. 

I approached him. "Dr. Weir, I presume?" 
He looked up from his gadgetry, snarling, "Who are you?" 

• " A student," I answered. " I'll take four units any way I can get them -
without working that is. Now what's this about coal to gold?" 

He surveyed me closely, his eyes noting my every feabJre. I almost felt 
like curtsying. At iast he nodded, apparently sati$fied. "A diSCiple. 
Finally, Mr. Nico," he motioned to a figure, " has complained oftoo much 
work." 

I looked to where his hand pointed, and involuntarily moved a step 
backwards. A scream began to rise in my throat, but with much effort I 
stilled it. He was horrible, the bogey man my older brother had always 
scared me with while telling his stories. He stared at me with glazed, 
strained eyes, and moved about me with strange spastic motions. Slowly, 
with great Willpower, I controlled myself. 

After all, he was just another Revelle student. 
Dr. Weir ·began to question me about my education. "Do you know 

Latin?" he asked. 
I nodded my head. "Two quarters worth. Father Waddy said I but-

chered ancient Roman worse than the Huns." 
. Loud noises suddenly interrupted our conversation, denying me the 
chance to extrapolate on the injustice of the future imperfect tense. 

.,""""',.,"""""""""",.,""""'" 

force members he--with co-
chairman Tom Hull, the assistant 
academic ffairs vice-chancellor-
tried to get a mixture of in-
dividuals, including Coop mem-
bers and college council 
representatives. 

" You've been followed!" the good doctor screamed. " They've found 
my new laboratory." 

A spotlight reached us. " Campus Police," three men shouted. They 
approached slowly, silver crosses held high in trembling hands. " The 
jig's up Weir." 

UC 
SD 

The UCSD 
Catholic Communit'y 
moss Schedule 

Weekdo'ys: 5:30 pm 

Sotu(do..Y: 5 :30 pm 
Sundo..Y: 8:30 am, 5:00 pm 

SACRAM':: T OF PENANCE: Sunday. 4 :30 PM or by appointment 

Church is 10 ated at 9595 La Jolla Shore Drive - University Com· 
munlty Ch JrCh (across street from Urey Hall Pari 'n9 Lot) 

CATHOLIC TUDENT UNION - meets on Thursdays at the Church 
at 5:30 PM . 

fRIDAY : Sept mOOr 24 Picnic at the Beach (meet at hurch at 5.00 
PM) 

STAF : Bernard J Campbell . S P. Kevin Munn. CSP [Paulist 
PrII'M~1 

Office : Bldg 507 M 452·2521 or 452 254R 
Home' 3115 Srem rton Pia e 453 1855 

~~~~~~++++ •••••• +++.tt.""' •• 'l".'.'.'~ 

Dr. Weir turned to me. " You tripped the silent alarm, fool. You are as 

-lew COurse on Tha _ 
CullUnl Tniliaoni ProD'11R 

u.tetI .. 
Judaic Cultural Treciitions ·1A·1B·1C 

or 
Philosophy 30A-30B-30C 

Topic for Fall Quarter: The Bible 
R. Friedman 

T·Th 12·1:20; F 12-1 
Treating the Old Testament from literary, hIstorical; ar-
cheologIcal, and theologIcal perspectives. 

The WInter and SprIng Quarters will deal w"h modern and 
contemporary JudaIc thought and literature. 

The seq!lence may be used toward/ul/lllment 0/: 
Revelle College Non-Contiguous MInor In Judaic Studies 
MuIr College Humanities requIrement 
ThIrd College Program 8 Humanities 
One 0/ the two Fourth College concentration requirement. 

Continued OD Page 11 

Moaday. ~berZ'7. 1m 

Reg Fees. 0 • 
rate does not now generate enough 
incremental Income to offset these 
Ihcreases. " 

Saxon will be arguing to the State 
that these programs and cost in-
creases are educational related 
and so should be financed by the 
State. However, act:ording to a Los 
Angeles Times report on the in-
crease, "Past governors and 
legislatures have been unwilling to 

CODtinued OD Page 11 

triton times 

Day Care ••• , 
student children, which leaves four available spaces for the coming 
academic year. 

Foulks, who acts as an mterface between the parents, wants to 
maintain the center's status as an accredited teaching ~ learning 
experience. 

With the administration handling timekeeping and management, the 
university . Is looking toward a new center with the capacity of 100 
children. According to Michetti, the university has placed a bid for a 
government grant of $336,000, to construct a new day care facility ne,\r 
the Mesa apartments. 

Foulks said that if the money Is allocated, the new center will provide 
enough space to satisfy the needs of student, staff and parents. 

Student Clossifieds 
Onl'y 25 cents 

Pe(sonols 50 cents 
NO,n-students onl'y $1 

mo.il-in o( drop b'y TT office 

Hewlett--Packard wrote the book on 
advanced pocket calculators. 

. And it~ yours free! 
Hewlett-Packard built the world 's first 

advanced pocket calculator back in 1972. And 
led the way ever sinte. 

If you're about to invest in your first 
pocket calculator-one that will serve you 
through college and beyond - you'll need all 
the information you can get to make a wise 
decision. That's why Hewlett-Packard's put 
together an objective, informative 24-page 
guide entitled, "What To Look For Before You 
Buy An Advanced Calculator:' And it's 
yours - Free! . 

In it you will find such helpful informa-
tion as: A survey of types of calculators 
available; Programming; Logic systems; Appli-
cations'; Functions; Features; Construction; 
Accessories; Memory; Service and much, 
much more. 

Get your free copy of "What To Look 
For Before You Buy An Adva~ed Calculator:' 
at your campus bookstore or telephone 
800.538-7922 (in Calif. 8QO-662.9862) 
toll-free for the name of your nearest dealer. 

HEWLETT.PACKARD 
PRESENTS 

THE FIRST FAMILY OF -
ADVANCED CALCULATORS. 

HP·21 Scientific. 
J New low price. $80:00* 

·The HP-21 makes short work of the 
technical calculations even so-called .. non-
technical" courses require. If you need a cal-
culator for more than simple arithmetic 
- this is it - especially at its new low price. 
• 32 built-in functions and oper.ations. 
• Addres:;able memory. 

! Performs all standard log and trig functions 
(in radians or degrees). 

• Performs rectangular/polar conversion, 
register arithmetic and more. 

• Two selectable display modes: Fixed point 
and'scientific. 

• Lowest-priced HP Scientific calculator. 

HP·22 Business Management 
$165.00* 

The HP-22 easily handles the kinds of 
calculations you face in business courses today, 
in management tomorrow. Breeze through 
business math calculations. Build existing 
statistical data into reliable forecasts. If you're 
going into business administration, this is 
the calculator for you. 
o Combines financial, mathematical and 

statistical' capabilities. 
o Performs complex time-value-of-money 

computations including interest rates. 
o Performs rates of return and discounted 

cash flows for investment analysis. 
• Performs extended percent calculations, 

accumulated interest. amortization. etc. 
• Ten addressable memories. 
• Full decimal display control. 

HP.25C Scientific Programmable 
with Continuous Memory. 

$200.00* 
The HP-25C is our keystroke program-

mable.1t can solve automatically the repetitive 
problems every science and l!ngineering 

WI l1li 10 Ioolc for before JOII-" 
adIanced 

l. 

· Sullftled reuil price. ellCludina appUabj., IU~ .nd local Wlet- Com;nc:ntal us . Alaska and Hawa,l. 

student faces. What's more, its Continuous _ 
Memory capability lets you retain programs 
and data even when it's turned off . 
• Continuous memory capability. 
• 72 built-in functions and operations. 
• Keystroke programmability. 
• Branching, conditional test and full editing 

capability. 
• Eight addressable memories. 
• We also offer the HP-25 , (without the Con-

tinuous Memory feature) for $145.CXY.' 
HP.27 ScientificlPlus 

$200.00* 
The HP-27 is for the science or engineer-

ing student - whose course work extends into 
business administration. The reason: It 
features every pre-programmed scientific 
function we've ever offered, plus comprehen-
sive stat and financial functions. That's why 
we've dubbed it our ScientificIPlus. 
• 28 pre-programmed exponential, log and 

trig funcrions, 15 statistical functions, 10 
financial functions - 53 in all . 

o 10 addressable memories - 20 memories 
in all. 

• 6 selective clearing options give you flex ible 
use of memories. 

o Fixed decimal, scientific or engineering 
display formats. 

,k." .ond ",r",IX (rom 172 "tfocc in 65 countM 
Dept (I; '. I~ 310 !'tun ndl!C Avenue. upcrtono. A 9501, . 

PageS 



triton tiDlt8 

McCarthy is on the Campaign Trail 'Again 
[Titll year tile TritoD TIma wtU committed becaUle they've taken group for McCarthy, moat students 
11m ltone. from tile CoUece PrsI a 10118 time to think about the tw~ will probably stick to the 
Service a Colorado-1m"" ,reap party system. As a result, they've Democratic Party, even though 
dlat wrile' about campua-related made a rational judgement, some are hedging on Carter." At 
topics. ) requiring more forethought." the UCLA campus, a student editor 

McCarthy who is calling for 'the says that "whatever was leftqver rediatributi~ 01 employment, from the sixties is gone" and that 
sizable cuts in the defense budget, there is virtually no support for 
and the acceleration 01 mass McCarthy. 

. . 

' . . " 

( .... 

ERRORITETI • • AT YOUR CAMPUS STORE 

- OUT OF SIGHT! 
latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes 'examin~d 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fined 
repairs 
hours mon -In 10 30 - 8'00 
sat. 10·6 Closed sunoays 

sports arena blvd. 
(across from the sports arenal 

ByR_Smith 
(CPS) - Who'" that man barn-

storming college campuses and 
civic halla from coast to coast? 

To the Carter1zed Democrats 
he's a bitter nuisance; to the 
splintered Republicans he's a 
potential boon; to the maIlS media 
he's a Stassenesque novelty; and to 
many students he's. a ghostly hero 
of the sixties. But to a small yet 
active band of disaffected voters, 
former Senator Eugene J . 
McCarthy remains the " Silver 
Knight." 

Billing himself as an in-
dependent "anti·waste" candidate, 
McCarthy is making his third bid 
for the presidency this fall, his first 
since bolting the Democratic Party 
three years ago. 

Student Support 

.... ~ . 

The bulk of the senator's support 
is drawn from the ranks of 
students, as was the case in 1968, 
according to Jamie Yeager, 
McCarthy's press secretary. But, 
as Yeager is quick to point out, this 
election year is a far cry from 1968, · 
when thousands would throng to 
hear McCarthy attack the Vietnam 
War. Today, the political climate 
at most colle,ges is subdued, and 
relatively few students are in-
volved.in politics to the same ex-
tent as in 1968. Yet Yeager 
maintains that although the 
numbers for McCarthy are small, 
" the quality is high." In 1968, he 
explained, " everyone was turned 
on by the war issue, whereas now 
the senator's supporters are more 224-2973 224-2974 

How to Build a 
Better Savings 

Account • . 

I) 

_ I. Start with a solid foundation. Your University 
and State Employees Credit Union is a multi-million 
dollar concern Solidly cOllcerned about each 
membu' well being Your regular savings will be in· 
sured 0 $40.000 by Ihe National Credit Union 
Admin!.;!r tion 
2. Thi Ik( constructively" . and stack your credit 
union 19ainstthe compelltion. US E. will pay you an 
intend, d 5 '. % per annum " on regular savings. 
Compae that with banks who pal,! no more than 5% 
and sa .il",gs and 10"" who pi\V no more than 5 \!. % 
per am .um. both on passbook accounts. I here ' ~ u" 
compa'isqn. 

3. Consider the elise of building. It's easier to build 
a powerful savings plan through your credit union. 
especially with the use of Payroll Deduction as a tool. 
Payroll deduction will allow you to hilve a predeter· 
mined amount of savings set aside from your pay. 
check automatically. This way you can build your sav· 
Ings account quickly. almost Wi thout knowing il' It 
really pays you to save at your credit uniO:1! 

U.S.E. - YOUR SOLID. HIGH EARNING. 
EFFICIENT WAY TO SAVE, 
BUILD AN ACCOUNT TODAY! 

[[]~~ . 1 
University & State Employees Crecjit Union 

UCSD 
3100 Gilman Dr. 

Matthews Campus 
La Jolla, Calif. 92037 

(714) 453-5620 
OlliER OFFICES TO SERVE YOU: 

an Diego. 5555 Mildred Streel. an Diego. Clolif 92110. 17 14) 29718 
SDSU. 5 191 College Ave . San D,ego. edit! 921 15. (714) 28 4210 

U Davl •. T8 115. Davis. C.hf 95616. (9 16) 752. 1817 

ti NCUA 

transit, Is finding his quest no easy Similarly, at Columbia 
task. Becall8e most states enforce University in New York, once a 
election laws that McCarthy feels stronghold for the senator, most 
are structured in favor of the two- students are showing little interest 
party system, independent can- in the ca~paign. "People are 
didates have to undertake rigorous worried about Carter, but will 
petition campaigns to secure decline to vote rather than go for 
places on the ballot. McCarthy McCarthy or Peter Camejo 
claims that many of these laws are (SOCialist candidate for 
" archaic" and "discriminatory." President,)" a student remarked. 

So far, McCarthy has qualified "Among the radical chic, non-
for a ballot position in 23 states. He voting will be high. " 
expects to be listed in at least 40 On the other hand, so~e st~en~ 
states by election day, and is respect McCarthy for his qUIXotic 
contesting adverse rulings in ,battle against what they feel Is an 
several others. unjust system. In Texas, the day 

Debates "Just 
Another Showdown" 

Currently, the senator is at-
tempting to join the F.ord-Carter 
debates under the aegis of the 
equal time provision. Protesting 
that the two man debates will be 
" just another sideshow" and that 
they " are a clear violation of the 
election law," McCarthy's lawyers 
have brought the matter to court. 
Failing an acceptable decision, 
they will argue that the debates 
should be dispensed with entirely. 

Nevertheless, McCarthy and his 
slim staff realize that it will take 
more than a positive ruling on the 
debate issue to prove that he is a 
serious candidate. For starters, 
they need more support. 

Yeager excitedly talks about the 
concentrated student activity for 
McCarthy that can be found on the 
state campuses of Madison, 
Wisconsin, Ann Arbor, Michigan, 
and Boulder, Colorado. 

But while these traditional 
. hotbeds of student activism are 
encouraging to McCarthy, at most 
colleges there is little organization 
or intetest in his campaign. Mary 
Brown, news editor of the 
University of Massachusetts 
Collegian, reports that although 
" there is a sman and dedicated 

after McCarthy's name was ruled 
ineligible on the ballot, the Dany 
Texan editorialized: " McCarthy is 
now restricted to a write-in 
campaign in Texas. Many persons 
will never hear of his candidacy or 
know they can vote for him. The 
judges' sticky fingerprints will be 
smeared all over the election 
results." 

As if the decreased political 
activity among his natural con-
stituency isn't bad enough, 
McCarthy must also wrestle with 
media that are geared towards the 
two-party system and which give 
him little national coverage . 
McCarthy complains that the press 
Is treating him simply as a 
"spoiler" and that "we deserve at 
least as much attention as Walter 
Cronkite gave to the boy that he 
thought for two days was raised by 
apes." Yeager asserts that "all the 
columnists are writing the same 
damned column." "The press has 
a long habit of dealing solely with 
t.he major candidates and in a way 
they're protecting themselves," he 
added. 

McCarthy and his staff are going 
after that large mass of registered 
voters who generally do not vote. 
In the last presidential election, 
nearly haH the voters did not cast 

Continued on Page 15 

Gifts-Jewelry-Cards- Records-Stationary 
70S s. H;ghway 101 . Solono Beach 

755·0962 

*******************} t Campus Wide ~ 
~ Commlttes ~ ~ -11 .. Larae Sludeol' ~ 

~ POsUioos 'Iallable 00: i 
~ * .......... 11:1 ~ 

~ * I .. 1111111 .. ......, ~ 
il * ..... Clllal U......, ... ..... ~ ~ PIck-up AppIIca ..... at Student * 
• Organizations and • contlCl Sandy t SterIng at 452-48. ex. 4450 
t-loti: CIID •• ' ~ t Condnas Run .. 
••••••••••••••••••• t 

MystllJ. • • 
we've tried to do is explain how we 
are not a typical bOok club, in that 
many such organizations have 
rather notorious repu\ftions . 
Basically we are only a book club 
because that was the only viable 
way to keep prices reasonable. Our 
operation is simple-you either buy 
the book or you don't, There is no 
obligation to purchase a certain 
wnount, and the selection will only 
be sent if you request it. " 

money, we might be able to cut 
costs on some courses, as well as 
be able to Institute new classes." 

The mailing of the books will 
start later this fall, and it is ex-
pected that the club will then be 
shipping them out on a bi-monthly 
basis. If successful, the Mystery 
Library might lead UCSD 
Extension to venture into such 
popular genres as science fiction 
and children's stories. 

Application blanks to join the 
bobk club, and much more, will be 
available at tomorrow's "A Night 
Of Mystery." 

A Night Of MYltery 

triton times 

John Ball (In the Heat of the 
Night) , Francis M. Nevins Jr., 
Aaron Marc Stein, and ' lfillary 
Waugh. Besides these " names," 

. there will be other authors and 
critics speaking . Audience 
questions wUl be welcomed, and an 
opportunity to meet 'and talk with 
the personalities will be available 
after the program. 

" Let's face it, the mystery story 
has perenially been the most 
popular of all," said Lewis. " Se)-
called pop culture is now becoming 
acceptable. " 

SR-S6 
ALL CLASSICAL SLIDE 
RULE FUNCTIONS 

$89.50 

SR·5IA - 65.50 I SR·52 - 243.50 
~·50A - 48.50 SR· 58 - 89.50 

1 YEAR TI 
WARRANTY!! 

LIMITED QUANTITIES 

Page 7 

Each book will cost $5.95, which 
includes shipping and handling. 
Those' who order the first book, 
Arthur Upfield's The New Shoe, 
can purchase The MYltery Story, a 
book written by the members 01 the 
Mystery Editorial Board detailing 
all facets of mystery and detective 
fiction, for only $1.95 as opposed to 
ita regular price 01 $lUG. 

They .will be there, those minds 
that gave life to the detectives, the 
rogues; the creators of those in-
triguing murders and crimes that 
kept you up the entire evening 
when you should have been 
studying for finals. 

LewiS could not extol the virtues 
of the members of the Mystery 
Editorial Board enough. " Those 
people are so dedicated to making 
the mystery an acceptable art 
fonn that their appearance this 
Tuesday evening, and all the time 
they've put in the projects, is 
completely without payment. They 
are tired of the mystery being 
delegated to second-class litera1'f 
status, and are desirous of gaining 
academic respect. Their 
dedication should be commended. " 

TI BUSINESS ANALYST - 49.50 ADO $3.00 Shipping Charges!! 

University Extension, being the 
reciplent 01 royalties frem the 
books, is naturally excited. "This 
may be an Important new source ~ 
inceme for University Extension," 
said Lewis. "Slnce we are seH 
supporting, receiving funds only 
from our courses, we hope that the 
book club might generate ad-
ditional revenue. By gaining this 

Tuesday at 7 pmf the Editorial 
Board of the UCSD Extension 
Mystery Library will meet in room 
11M at the Third College Lecture 
Hall for"~ Night Of Mystery." 

For $5, payable at the door, one 
can hear authors of such note as 

And that is elementary, my dear 
readers. 

TEX . RES. ADO 5% TAX 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - --SOLID STATE SPeCIALITIES I SUITE 123 I EMPIRE CENTER I (214) 631 ·0360 

P. O. BOX 47325 I DALLAS. TEXAS 75247 
Card No EXp. OIIl--------
.AC 0 QUAN _______________ MODEL. ____________ _ 
M/C 0 NAME( .. RINT)' ______ --"'IG .. ______ _ 
CHECK 0 ADDREILI ____________________________ ___ 

CITY 5TATE ______ Zt .. __ _ 

SR-56 
The super slide rule 

-programmable powerhouse 
... with 10 tnetnories and 100 progralll steps. 

Th e SR-56 is a tremen-
dously powerful sl ide rule 
calculator. Yet you can pro-
gram it wheneve r you're 
r eady. 

The rea re 7 4 P l' e pr o -
g-rammed function a nd op-
e n:\tion . You can do 
ar ithmetic within all 10 
memol'iesf. It has AOS - a 
unique algebraic operating 
system that lets you handle 
problems with up to 9level 
of parentheses. Thet'e' al 0 
polar to rectangular con-
version - built in. Mean. 
Standard deviation. De-
grees, radians, grads. And, 
it works with TI's n ew 
printel'- the P -100. 

Chances are, you'll be pro-

'-

SPECIAL 
SR-56 
51000 

Rebate 
FIll oul coupon 

gramming. That' what pro-
f ional in your field are 
doing-right now. And with 
an R-56 you're read\'. It 
has 100-merged prefix' pro-

ram tep . 6 logical d ri-
ion functions. .t. lev I of 
ubroutin s. You can deere-

m nt and kip on z ro to 
iterat a loop a many time 
as you pecify. There are -1 
level of u bl'oU ti ne to I t 
you u your program ·t p 
t maximum advantag . 
And, you can ev n compare 
a te t register with the dis-
play to m ake a conditional 
branch. 0 you can ch 'ck an 
interm diat l' ult 
for cony 1'gence, or a 
maximum. 

The edge you need. Now. And in your career. 
Texas Instruments will rebate $10.00 of your original 
SA-56 purchase price when you return this coupon 
and your S'R-56 customer information card post-
marked no later than October 31 . 1976. To apply : 
1. Fill out this coupon 
2. Fill out special .serialized customer information 

card inside SA-56 box 
3. Return completed coupon and information card to : 

Special Campus Offer 
P.O. Box 1210 
Richardson, Texas 75080 

Name 

Add ress 

Sta te ZIp 

Untvers,ty 

Name ot SA·56 Reta,ter 
SR·56 Seroal 0 (trom bat.' v i "dlCul 10', 

PI ·.I~(, /lo w 30 ay lor r~Nr(' 

• Suggested reta~ Pfl(;e 
lit with the r1eg,ster T XA IN TRUM ENT 
\ til ,'A 1.,,. In Irumenl IrKO'POI.If"d ( 0 1 P(H I I n )9 



.... tritoa bes 

9/~7- 10/3 
Got a meeting, get together, movie, party ·or other event you want 

people to know about? Well let 'em know In the Triton Times "What's On 
Calendar." The calendar Is published each week In the Monday TT Issue. 
To submit Info for the calendar come to the EDNA Information desk and 
fill out a campus calendar form. A\llnfo must be submitted by Thursday 
at 5 pm the week before your event takes place. Also, a\lltems submitted 
must be on a calendar form or It will not be accepted for the calendar. U 
you can't get to EDNA, call us at 45%-M36 and an E DNA will tate yoar Info 
over the pbone. E DNA will also send calendar forms to your office or 
department thru campus mall. 

Monday 
3 pm - First Team Meeting : Wa ter polo, pool 
4 pm - First Team Meeting : Badminton, Main Gym ; Volleyball, Rec Gym Conference 

Room ; F ield Hockey, 1111 P&L. 
5 pm - 9 pm - Birth Control CUnlc: Call 452-2669 for info, a ppointments, counseling. 7 pm -

9 pm Rap Session. Student Health Center . 
7 pm - First Team Meeting: Cross Country, Rec Gym Conference Room. 
7:30 - 9:30 - " Paul Saltman & Friends: Concerns of the Contemporary World" . AUC 

Extension Program. Room 1105 BSB. 
8 pm - 10:30 pm - Israeli Folk Dancing: 8-9 Review Session. 9-10:30 dances by request. 

Rec Gym Conf. Room. 

Tuesday 
5 pm - First Team Meeting: Fencing, West Balcony 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Call 452-2669 for info, appointments, counseling. 7-9 pm Ra p 

Session. Student Health Center. 
7-10 pm - A Night of Mystery". Nationally known authors, critics and commentators of 

the genre will speak and meet with the audience. Presented by UCSD Extension. Room 104 
Third Lecture Hall. . 

7-10: 15 pm - "All About Opera" First class meeting UC Extension class. Room 2100 BSB. 
7-10 pm - " Election 1976" UC Extension class. Room 1330 H&SS. 
7-10:30 pm - Balkan a nd Line-Folk Dancing. 7-8 :30 pm review. 8:30-10:30 pm dances by 

request. Rec Gym Conf. Room. 25 cent dues. 

Wednesday 
1 pm-3 pm - Department Reception for History Undergraduate majors and anyone in· 

terested in History. Fifth floor of H&SS. 
4:30 pm - First Team Meeting: Basketball, Y. and Basketball, J.Y., mo P&L. 
7:30 pm-First Team Meeting: Soccer, V., North Conference Room,Student Center. 
8:30 pm - First Team Meeting: Soccer, club, North Conference Room, Student Center. 

, 

r 

f 
Muir sophomore Keryn Leslie samples the wares at las t W e dnesda y night's ice cream social, 
held at the fiue and dime . This space will be used in the fut ure for the Triton Times photo 
contest , Bring your en tries to o ur new office on the southwest corner of the S tude nt Center. 
Three dollars will be awarded for each photo used. 

triton time8 Palet 

Thursday SatUl"day 9:15 am - Symposium: "From Lope de Yega to San Diego: Backgrounds of Spanish 
Expans ion in California", Internationa l Center. Continues thru Sunday, October 3 tilll pm. 
Followed by Play San Diego de Alcala a t 4 pm Saturday. 

4 pm - Seminar at Salk Institute: Dr. Bruno Latour "Is it Possible to Objectively Study 10 am~ pm - China Friendship Fair. Speakers, slides, demonstrations, goods fro~ the 
the Fabric of Objective Science?". Small Seminar Room. 

7 pm-First Team Meeting: Crew, M&W, North Conf. Room, Student Center. 
7: 30 pm-First Team Meeting: Baseball, RecGymConf. Room. 

People's Republic of China. Point Lorna United Methodist. Sunset Cliffs and Saratoga. Free. 

5: 30 pm - Catholic Mass. University Community Church. 
7 pm -8 :30 pm - " AD Evening at tbe Scbool of Medicine" for all Undergraduate students 

interested in entering the medical profession. Garren Audito.riwn, BSB. 
7 pm and 9:30 pm - Movie: " Last Tango in Paris", Mandeville Aud., $1.25, Rated X. 
7 pm - Film: Freedom Railway. Docmentary by Felix Greene about Tran-zam Railway 

built in Africa with Chinese assistance. Point Lorna United Methodist at Sunset Cliffs and 
Saratoga , Ocean Beach. F ree. 

Friday Sunday 
7: 30 pm and 9 pm - Film. Freedom Railway. Documentary about Tran-zam Railway in 

Africa built with African &: Chinese cooperative. CRl07. FREE. 

8: 30 a m - Catholic Mass. University Community Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
10 a m - Guitar Folk Mass (Lutheran) Univ. Com. Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
11 am - Brunch for UCSD Students. University Community Church. 
12: 30 pm - Episcopal Services, Unive rsity/Community Church. 7 pm and 9:30 pm - Movie " American Graffiti", Mandeville Aud., $1.25. 5:30-10 pm - Rosh Hashana aDd Yom Kipper Services, call 270-4170. 8 pm-Midnight - Illtemational Folk Dancing. 8-9 review. 9-12 dances by request. Rec Gym 

Conf. Room, 25 cents dues . 5 pm - Catholic Mass. University Community Church. 

Just Ask 

What Ever Happened to Your Enrollment Card? 
by Bruce Hahn 

StaHWrlter 

Seeing as it was a Friday night and I had nothing to 
do, [ figured I would just kind of mosey on over to the 
Computer Center and write a program - maybe just a 
short job to print out all the different ways the letters 
of my name could be rearranged. I had worked ha rd 
all week and I figured that 'l could use a little ex-
citement. 

Well , I had just been there about ten minutes wh~n 
this young guy - a freshman obviously - str.olls over to 
the keypunch machine and punches up a card. 
Knowing that us experienced students have to make 
an effo rt to help these new guys - sort of teach them 
the ropes as it were - I looked at him a nd said, "I bet 
you didn 't know that computing is rea lly a lot more 
complicated than it looks ." 

"Are you talking tom e?", he asked. 
"You see," I sa id, pausing, " there are wheels 

within wheels." 
He stood up. "Actually," he began, "I was just ... " 
" No, no," 1 assured him, " that's quite all right. I 

don't mind explaining, It's no trouble a t all." 
Enrollment Cards 

Now take something like enrolling in your courses, 
I continued, as I gently closed the door with my foot. 
Most people think it's pretty simple. But do you know 
what really happens? 

First of all, you fill out your card with a ll your 
choices. After you hand it in, somebody takes it a nd 
with the help of the computer processes it. 

What they do is go to a computer terminal (which is 
a machine that looks like a fancy typewriter and is 
connected to the computer), and sign-on to the 
computer system. By this I mean they type their 
account number by which the computer identifies 
them. This is sent as a message to the computer 
which responds by sending Its own message to the 
terminal saying that the person is hooked up to the 
system and can start to work. 

On our system (a Burroughs 6700 computer), as 

Campus 
Proqram 
Board 
Calendar 

• 

soon as the person signs-on he will be automatically 
be communicating with a program.named CANDE 
(pronounced " KAN-DEE"). 

Computer Program 
But let's backtrack a little. What exactly is a 

computer program? A computer program is a set of 
inst ructions ordering the machine to perform a 
specified set of tasks in a certain order. There are 
only ce rta in tasks which the machine is capable of 
doing. The essence of wor king with a computer is to 
make' up a set of instructions (from the ones that are 
available), that will instruct the machine to do what 
you want it to do. This is called " programming" the 
computer. Constructing such a set of instructions is 
called writing a program. 

There are only a relatively small number of in· 
structions that the computer is capa!>le of carrying 
out directly. (When a computer carries out a list of 
instr uctions we say that it is " executing" a 
program.) This set of instructions, called " machine 
language," is very difficu lt to work with. For-
tuna tely, there have been developed a set of 
progra ms, called " translators" which will translate a 
program writ ten in instructions tha f are easy to use 
into machine language. On certain machines, this 
faci lity is built right into the computer itseU. So there 
may be a set of instructions that can be translated by 
the m achine a utomatically. On other sets, they may 
have to be translated by special translating programs 
whic h must be executed each time a translaton is 
needed. 

A set of instructions like this, which are easy to use 
and must be translated into machine language to be 
executed, is called a " high-leve l language. " When a 
program written in such a la nguage is translated to 
machine language, the result is called an "object 
program." Fortunately, the object program can be 
stored on a storage device so that the program can be 
run repeatedly without having to do a tra nslation 
each time . 

Now CANDE (which stands for "command and 

Ansel Adams 
World Reknown Photographer 

edit"), is a special program developed for com-
munication between remote terminals and the main 
computer. When someone signs on, they are 
automatiCally hooked-up to a copy of the CANDE 
object program which begins to execute. 

Processing 
But let's get back to your enrollment card. The 

person processing the card will instruct CA DE to 
fetch another program, which is kept on a storage 
device in object program format, and to have this 
program begin to execute. Using this program, the 
person can have the computer compare your request 
with a master file which is kept on a storage device, 
and then decide if there is room for you in the classes 
you picked, and if you meet the requirements. 

The program tha t does these things was written in a 
high-level language called COBOL ("Common 
Business Oriented Language" ), translated , and 
stored as an object program. It is this object program 
that CANDE fetches from storage. 

But actually, that is more to it than that. There is a 
master program called the " operating system" 
under whose auspices all other programs, including 
CA DE, are executed. The operating system (called 
MCP for " Master Control System" on our computer) 
does all the internal accounting for the system, 
decides which program will execute and when, 
manages the allotment of storage in the computer's 
memory ... 

I stopped when I noticed that my pupi1looked as il 
he were confused. 

" Are yO\) puzzled about something?", I asked. 
" WeU yes," he admitted. " I can't figure it out. Do 

you know that we've had spaghetti at our dorm 
THREE times this week?" 

This column will appear regularly in the "What's 
On" section of the Triton Times. If there is anything 
that you would like to be informed about, drop us a 
line in the new Triton Times office at the Student 
Center. 

Mandeville Auditorium, 8 p.m . October 14 

lily TomUn 
UC San DIego Gym October 17 



MoaiIay,8eptelllberZ7,1t7t Mo_y, .ptemllerZ7, 1J'7t triton times Pagell 

UCSD Crafts Center: . Let 
I 

Your Imagination Run Wild 
In the woods between the Student 

Center and the Gym, students, 
staff and members of the San 
Diego community will gather this 
week to register for classes for 
which there will be no credit, 
cramped working conditions and a 
lot of personal satisfaction. 

The uc:m> Crafts Center, of· 
ficially titled the University of 
California Center for the Con-
temporary Crafts, serves · 200 
people a year with a wide variety 

sophistication in recent years 
which has grown out of the cultural 
crafts revolution. 

"For the first time in 40 years, 
handma,de items are becoming 
inportant in peoples lives," bnaid. 
"I doubt whether there is a single 
one of us who does not have one of 
these Items whether it be pottery, 
jewelry or macrame." 

There is a desire to own and 
make these Items and inject a UWe 
of one's OWl\. individual penonality 

Ron Carlson, head of the Crafts Center ceramics department [IT Photo by 
Bill Brooksl . 

of classes and workshops , which 
according to Director ' John 
Annaloro give people a chance to 
build or make something from 
scratch. 

Annaloro, who also teaches 
ceramics at the center, said that 
courses at the crafts center "give 
people a chance to do something 
outside a very normal routine in 
which people have little chance to 
leave a physical mark of where 
they have been or what they have 
done. 

" If you go to an academic class," 
argues Annaloro, "you are just one 
of 35 people, And only if you really 
excel - get an A - there is little 
chance to get any personal 
satisfaction. " 

Cultural C-ralts Revolution 
" But in art classes, you are 

rewarded over and over again with 
the product of your work," he 
continued. 

Annaloro said that there has 
been the development of taste and 

into the craftwork said Annaloro. 
The Cralts Center is entering its 

fifth y.ear. According to Annaloro, 
who has been there since its in· 
c 'ption, ceramics remains the 
most popular offering. 

Performing Class 
Photography, Jewelry and 

various glass arts round out the 
handicralts. Mime is the single 
performing class, 

The Director said that space 
problems continue to limit the 
growth and expansion of the 
center. At one time there were 
more classes, but Annaloro sai9 
that for various reasons, the space 
allotments to the center have not 
kept up with the demand for new 
classes. 

Annaloro hopes to offer survey 
courses in the winter which will 
cover a broad spectrum of crafts. 

Throughout the year workshops 
are h~d in leather, non·loom 
weaving, macrame and the dye 
arts. 

OLD .. 0 .. • •• GOOD TIM_ • OLD 
aAJlTSNoa •• N.W DRINU • OLD 
WOlimN • YOUNG ".N • OLD 0 ..... 
• New IlULaa • OLD "lTCaM • HOT 
.ANDWlC ..... OLD COOK • AUNTIe 

RUTH. OLD PUCK. ".W AIR IIOCIUIY 
• OLD .. EN . YOUNG WO"." • OLD 
POOL . N.W PONG. OLD P\.OOR . 

OUAT DANCINO • OLD rooa.ALL • 
NEW paCH fNKO 

OLD MOURa . 11 AM TO 1:80AM. 
OLD PLAce . .... OARN'" 

Violinist Kobialka To 
Open Concert Series ' 

Jeffers_on Starship to Perform in Forum 
Eagles, Who ~o Play Arena Next Month 

To celebrate ita loth birthday, 
the UCSD Music Department will 
present "Wednesday Evenings at 
the Mandeville Center," a unique 
concert series designed to appeal 
to a wide range of musical in-
terests within the community. The 
five will feature eminent 

Violinist Daniel Kobialka 
artists performing music of every 
era. 

Koblalka, will be featured in the 
first concert, Wednesday, October 
20 in the Mandeville Center. The 
show starts at 8. 

The program'includes "Summer 
Music" by Robert Erickson, world 
premier of : 'Forms For A Duo" by 
Meyer Kupferman, " Autumn 
Beyond" by Daniel Kobialka and 
"Diatribe" by Wayne Peterson. 

Winner of the Boston Symphony 
Youth Competition, Kobialka has 
performed in numerous concerts 
and solo appearances throughout 
the country. He has been con-
certmaster with Blanche Honegger 
Moyse, Nadia ' Boulanger and 
Leonard Bernstein in " Candide," 
and the premier of " Mass" at the 
Kennedy Center in Washington, 
D.C. 

The second concert, Wednesday, 
November 10, features Hungarian 
pianist Tamas Ungar. He will 
perform Rands' " Memo" "Sonata 
in E Flat" by Beethoven, "Sonata 
1926 by Bartok and " Rhapsodie 
Espagnole" by Liszt. Jeffe rson Starship 

The Jefferson Starship, 
featuring Grace Slick, Paul 
Kantner and Marty Balin, will be 
performing at the Forwn Thurs-
day night. The tour coincides with 
the release of the Starship's 
"Spitfire" LP. Appearing with the 
Starship will be Heart, an excellent 
qew band with the hit singles 
"Crazy On You" and "Magic 
Man." 

The Who will return to San Diego 
October 7 at the Sports Arena. 
They will also be performing with 
the Grateful Dead at Oakland 
Stadium on this tour, 

The following week the Eagles, 
with new guitarist Joe Walsh, will 
be at the Sports Arena , 

Lily Tomlin will bring her unique 
and inventine brand of comedy to 

U~DOctober17 at the Gym. 
Paul Butterfield comes to the La 

Paloma Theatre in Encinitas on 
October 16. 

Violi nist/composer Daniel 
Kobialka, praised by Leonard 
Bernstein as "a music.ian of 
unusual strength, " accompanied 
by his pianist wife Machiko 

Ungar has performed ex-
tensively in Australia , New 
Zealand and the U.S. and is 
currentiy artist in residence at 

U~D. 

Reg Fee ••• 
pick up the cost of educationally 
related student services and there 

- seems to be no particular reason to 
expect those attitudes to change." 

==:--.Chateau Fabrique 
Whales ••• 

stupid as you look. I didn't think that was possible." 
"What do we do now, master?" asked Mr. Nico. 
"Do not fear," said Dr. Weir. " I've handled this situation before." 
The police moved ever closer, tremulously approaching us, their guns 

Weir stood up, flashing his dark robe around him. " Another step and I'll 
you into frogs, " he shouted. 

"They're already pigs," said Mr. Nico. 
"Come quietly, Weir," shouted the police. "We're prepared for you 

now. We've got the silverbuUets." 
"I neve~ thought the Regents would approve your request," said Weir, 

suddenly limp, defeat written on his features . 
The police took them away, but not before the mad scientist muttered 

something at me. 
It's .lot really fun being a slime mold. 

····TT··ADS···· 
Clossified 

Only 25cents 
with UCSD I.D. 

Personals: 
50c for students 

non students only 51 
per 100 spaces 
per insertion 

• 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

_____ pus oqram ogram oar 

Fashion Fabrics 
Notions 

. Pattern 

Featur;", 'nsta Dress 
One Seam • Easy to Make 

COll'lfortable to Wear 

Del Mar Hills Shopping Center at 1·5 
2644 Del Mar Heights Rd 4'1·8826 

Mon·Sat 10·6 Sun 12·5 

CPB Friday & Saturday Night Films 
FRIDAY FRMS 

October I, 7m p.m. and 9:30 p.m. I 
Mandeville Auditorium, $1.25 
AMER ICAN GRAFFITI 

October 8, 7:00 p.m. and 9:3(}pm. 
USB 2722 $1.25 
ZAR DOZ 
October 15, 7:00 p.m. and 9:~ 
p.m. 
USB 2722, $1.25 
FAREWELL, MY LOVELY 

October 22, 7:00 
p.m. 
USB 2722, $.1.25 
CATCH-22 

November 5, 7:00 p.m. and 9:30 
p.m. 
USB 2722, $1.25 
THE LAST PICTURE SHOW 

SATURDA Y FILMS 

October 2,7:00 p.m. and 9:30 
Mandeville Auditorium, $1.25 
LAST TANGO IN PARIS 

October 9, 7:00 p.m. 
USB 2722, $1 .00 
400 BLOWS and JULES AND 
October 23, 7:00 p.m.; 
USB 2722, $1 .00 
WALKABOUT and DON'T LOOK 
NOW 
October 16,7:00 pm. 
USB 2722, $1.00 
TH~ BICYCLE THIEF and 
A BRIEF VACATION 

Octobe~ 30, 7:00 p.m. 
Mandeville Auditorium, $125 
THE HAUNTING 
THE OTHER 
November 6.7:30 p.m. 
and 9:30 p.m. 
USB 2722. $UlQ 
LOST IN THE STARS 

N Where were you in '621 This Friday American November 13,7:00 p.m. 
ovember 12,7:00 p.m. Ind 9:30 Graffiti will take you back to the world ofsock.hops US82722,n.oo 
~~ 2722 $1.25 razzle-dazzle hot rods, going steady, drive in movie~ ALONG CAME JONES 
HEARTSOF1HEWESI' and ~olf":lan Jack . Directed by George Lucas and HIGHNOON 

starnng Richard Dreyfuss, Ron Howard and Cand 
Clark, AlDerican Grafntl will be shown in the November 20, 7:00 p.m. 

LAST TANGO L\, PARIS 

Pauline Kael called this Saturday's film, Last 
In Plrls, "the most powerfully erotic movie 

. made." N~wsweek call'!d LIS' Tan,o "a 
me mast~rplece of staggering proportions." 

be s~own I.n the Mandevilk Auditorioum, Lut 
In Pans stars Marlon Brando and Maria 

ider a nd was dir~t .d by Bernardo Mandeville Auditorium. USB 2722, $1.00 
1.---_____________ -1 WILDSTRAWBERRIESand ~--------~ _____ --.J 

December 3. 7;00 p.m. and 1".30 SMILES OF A SUMMER'S NIGHT 
P.m . 
Usa 2722, $1.25 
CASABLANCA 
PLAY IT AGAIN; lAM 

DICiIII'Iber 4, 7:00 p.m. 
USB 2722, $1.00 
MILLION DOlLAR LEGS 

THOSE MAGNIFICENT MEN. 
THEIR FLYING MACHINES 

For Additional Information please call the UCSD 80 Office 1152-11559 



triton tilDes Moaday, Sep&emberZ'7, m. 
- MODday, Seplember Z'7, 1971 ;- triton times 

~:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;~ ____________________ ~ ____________ ~~ _____________________________ pageu 
And It's Another We're-Gonna-Beat-The-8est Waterpolri Wrklut I 

Maybe if it was a a pr~eason 
football practice , or in the 
swimming pool of a schoolllke USC 
or UCLA, where any sport is a big 
deal, or even if it was a couple of 
weeks after classes were un-
derway, maybe then it wouldn't 
seem so noticeable. 

grunting, groaning, and splashing; 
tossing and catching these soccer-
sized schoolbus-yellow balls 
around - the pool, one-handed; 
S9ffieone occasionany rising up out 
of the water, raring back and 
uncorking a viscious major league 
centerfielder throw, ncept here 
the ban only goes ten feet before -
sma-ack! - it is blocked by another 
someone's outstretched arm, 
leaving a brigit red imprint that 
could not possibly hurt as bad as it 
looks. And there is one guy out of 

by Scott Sadll 
Sports Editor 

the water,. obviously the coach 
because he is telling everyone 
where to go, and what to do, and 
how to do it, directing the acUon in 
the pool that has been going on for 
over two hours, and wiD go on for 
at least another two, which has to 

because it is their last year." 
Included in the group of retur-

nees is Corky Hun, last year a 
small conege an-team selection 
and UCSD's leading scorer, and 
Bob Ali, the top goalie in the small 
conege division. Dennis Thomas 
and Rick Lance are two other 
standVJt 1975 performers who will 

and on. The chlorinated water geu. 
to be a pain in the eyes, the 
surrounding glass window-walls 
make it hot and muggy, and it's up 
and back and up and back the 
iength of the pool, fonowin~ 
everyone of the black lane-lines 
that are on the bottom, the 
swimmers driven by leg-power 

Sports 
Notebook 

Bizarre: I ntrod uci ng I ntercollegiate Tea ms 
to Campus with Booths and , Prizes 

But, no, it is in the UC San Diego 
pool, that echo-chamber, a week 
before school begins, and there are 
about fifteen of these thick-
muscled, tough-looking guys 
bobbing around in the water, 

• TOP-NOTCH SELECTION· 
• JARMAN'S 
• HIKE"RS 
,'~1 • WESTERN 
'-' 

: • WOMEN'S 
• WORK BOOTS 

"O;"go -

~ 
BOOT WORLD 

4184 Convoy St. 
278-0303 Su~O~;~~ 

IAmCAMUICAID , So. 10 - CI 
, ( $outh ......... I ilion & fro 10 - \I 

IoIASTfICHAlGE T . IN • r h 10 - 7 

, impress anyone that has ever tried 
to stay afloat for more than ten 
minutes ... 

The ~nuousneS8, the dif-
ficulty, the hant work involved 
with this pre-season, pre-
schoolyear UCSD waterpolo 
workollt is very noticeable. 
Obviously, this group of athletes 
takes their sport seriously. 

" Last year I asked the players 
who would be returning if they 
wanted a weak or tough schedule," 
said Gary Becker, the UCSD 
waterpolo coach after putting his 
squad through one of those 
demanding workouts last week. 
"They chose to go with a tough 
one. " 

So Becker, free to develop the 
type of schedule }lis players 
wanted because the Tritons are not 
part of a set league, wiD have his 
team this season facing a very 
difficult group 01 opponents. "Five 
of the teams we play will be part of 
the top ten teams in the naUon," 
said the U~D coach. 

The Tritons are intent on being 
competitive with the best. 

An unusuany large group of 
returning upperclasSmen will be 
the key to the team's success_ 
" This is the first year since I've 
been here that I have had so many 
guys that already know what is 
going on," said Becker. "We've got 
seniors that have been aroum, and 
I expect them to reany put out 

Coach Gary Becker watches auer Water Polo team (IT Photo, Bill Brooks). 

be important on this year's team. 
The Tritons have already played 

USC (results not available ~t press , 
time) and have three away~es 
at Cal Poly Pomona this upcoming 
weekend. 

And the workout goes on and on 

only, because Becker says the 
hands have to be raised out of the 
water. Up and back, back and 
forth, on and on, looking lite cats 

, struggling to stay above the sur-
face, except the cats eventually get 
to cling to a dry side. 

And school just started today. 

---------------------------------------------------------I Career Planoioll and Placement Service I I .~ I 

Dave Eisen 

"-, 

" 

" 

"-

In an effort to acquaint students ' 
with the more than thirty sports 
teams that wlU be competing for 
Uf San Diego. this year, the in-
tercollegiate athletic department 
is staging its first annual Sports 
Bizarre, Friday, October I , from 3-
5 PM on and around Muir Field. 

The BIZarre will be compOsed of 
numerous booths and competition 
areas at which coaches and 

The UC San Diego 1976 CaWogue athletes from the respective in-
is, once again, a little bit wrong. tercollegiate teams will perform 

Your Catalogue Wrong Again 

Using its yearly paragraph on short demonstrations, while also 
sports, the brochure tells you that conducting skill contests for 
" athletic director Howard Hunt anyone that wishes to test his or 
calls this campus the most sports- her ability in the different sports. 
minded in America." , "We want to introduce the in-

Well, Judy Sweet, who starts her tercollegiate athletic program and 
second full year as UCSD athleUc some of our athletes to the cam-
director, might be surprised to pus," says athleUc director, Judy 
hear that she bas been replaet!d. Sweet. "By giving students a 

And Hunt, who was AD until 1975, chance to get involved in the 
will also be startled to learn that he 
is no longer the head of the 
PhYSical Education department. 

The catalogue isn't far off in 
labeling the school SPOrts-minded 
however. With 29 intercollegia~ 
teams, Ua;D has more than any 
other college or university in the 
United States. Even San Diego 
State. • 

Sweet remains the oniy woman 
to act as sole athletic director for a 
University. Young enough to be 
mistaken for a student, Sweet 
he.ads a progressive, part\cipation-

Jairo Marin [IT Photo by Paul OrIented department, which has 
Jarvis ). made major strides in women's 

sports in the past couple of years. 
Her only obstacle has been money. the lack of which has forced cuts in 

some cases, and the halt of further deyelopment in the rest... ..... 

!! [el?tjpJ}C~ spoUs ~ &onti!,u~ .tQ grow, almo~t r arkably in 
the two years plus that! have been here . 

The most re,cent eyiden~e comes fr~m Fidelity Union Life 's College 
Master program, which WIll be awarding trophies to the top male and 
ferI1:ale ~thlete .each month in intercollegiate sports . 

Intercollegiate 
Team Meetings 
This Week 

Initial team meetings for many 
intercollegiate sports, not only 
those played during the fall, will be 
held during the first week of 
classes. 

Below is a listing of these first 
team meetings : 

Monday, 91'l:l : Badminton, 4:00 
PM, Main Gym; Cross Country, 
7:00 , PM, Rec Gym Conference 
Room; Field Hockey, 4:00 PM, 
1111 P&L; Women's Volleyball, 
4:00 PM, Rec Gym Conference 
Room. 

various activities, we hope to 
promote interest and ' un-
derstandmg in UCSD sports." 

Some of the skill contests 
already planned include-baseball 
pitching (in which the speed of the 
throw wlU be timed by an elec· 
tronic clocking machine). a 30-
second make·as-many-as-you-can 
basketball shootout, right- and left-
footed goal kicking with a rugby 
ball, and volleyball tests involving 
servjng, spiking, and setting 
techniques. 

Featuring: 

Prizes will be given to students 
with the highest total number of 
points accumulated in a's many 
tests as they wish to compete. "The 
more a student partiCipates, the 
more points he or she will get," 
says Sweet. ''So the better chance 
they will have of winning a prize." 

Random drawings for prizes will 
also be held for all partiCipants. 

Prospective participants are 
asked to be dressed for activity 
when they arrive. 

Now Open 
In 

La Jolla 
912 Silverado Sl 

454-3131 

Sicillian Style Pizza 
Five Different Sandwiches 

Salads 
COLD BEER & WINE 

Mission Beach 
71 4 Ventura PI. 
4884800 

State College 
5119 College Ave 
583·3616 

Ocean Beach 
5110 Newport Ave. 
222-1777 

EI Cajon 
583 N. 2nd Sf. 
440-7323 

~---------------------I 
: Fall 1976 Clip and Save Sheet I 
I Important Infonnation For the CMeer and Job Oriented Student I 

FI~elitr, whIch has g~ven sports awards on other campuses also, is 
conslderlllg a monthly IIltramural award also. Advising in the athlete 
selec.tion ,will be a group of Ua;D coaches, as well as the TT sports staff. 

FrIday s Sports Bazaar, 3 pm to 5 pm on Muir Field, will show an effort 
by ~oaches and players that has been virtually non-existent, to publicize 
theIr sports, 

Tuesday, 9/28 : Fencing, 5:00 
PM, West Balcony Main Gym. 

Wednesday, 9/29: Varsity and 
JV Basketball, 4:30 PM, 1110 P&L; 
Varsity Soccer, 7:30 PM, North 
Conference Room StUdent Center; 
Club Soccer, 8:30 PM, North 
Conference Room Student Center. 

: $1°0 off Medium or Giant Size Pizza 1 
I ~ I ; @UZWiEWSf@ i 
1----------------------------------------------------------~-----------------, 
I On-Campus Interview ~hedule Fall Quarter, 1976 Career PlanuinCJ Workshop rro.,am I 
I Recommended for .. 11 underarilduates : I 

Th~ Bazaar, because of the time being put into it, as well as its en-
.tertalllment value, deserves student attention. 

I Candid .. !es for the Bachelors, MilSten Ir Doctorate Degrees . " I 
I Int~iews begin October 18 Dftelottlnl C .. ieer Chodes I Basketball and soccer, perhaps UCSD's two most attended men's 
I Siln ups begin October 10 October 7 Ir 14 I spo~s, have made total coaching changes. . DIC,k Satte~lee replaces Barry CUMingham as top basketball man, as I Focusins on Specific Careers I Cunnmgham IS on a one-year sabbaltical. 
I Employer Representatives includes: October 21 Ir 28 I Sa tte~lee ~s picked former pro Jerry Pender as his assistant. Pender 
I Burroulhs Wellcome NOAA Decision Maklnl & Goal Settinl I ~:~:~~~~::~::l~~~ teams, including the now-defunct San Diego Q's 
I NCR Inc. Proctor & Gamble November I . ITT Control Data Corp. King Wayman has been hired as junior varsity coach. 
I N rth USMC . I Thou.gh Satterlee says he expects aU of last year's squad back with the o rop Recommended for seniors, Iraduate students and those enterinl the ex t f t I I Coast Guard Assn. of Motion Picture Ir labor marllet between Dec. '76 and June '77: 1 cep Ion 0 wo peop e, it has been learned that a third player will 

Navy Television Producers proba bly be deemed scholastically ineligible. I NUC Upjohn Planninl your ,ob Huntinl StratelY I Mallory Mitchell, among the top four Tritons in basketball history has I Hughes Aircraft Air Research October 5 I graduated, and Doug Skidmore, a senior forward, has tr~ferred. ' 
1 Mervyns U S Geologl' cal Survey I lIan Rothmuller, a former Indiana AII-Amen'can, and Brent Thurston-. . Un·Stressinl the ,ob.Seeking Process I October 19 'I Rogers, a Tormer New York City College All-American, will coach the 
I Graduate School Representatives includes: I SOccer team. Interview Techniques The pair have been handed a team that reached the second round of last I Stanford Graduate School of. Business Odober 131r 26 I year's NAIA playoffs. 
I USC Graduate School of Busmess .Resume Writinllr Critique I Two All-Califomia players, Alfonso Gonzales and Jairo Marin return I.Ind are joined by Allen Cox, an A11·Texas performer. ' I LAW SCHOOL DAY Nov. 5, 1976 . October lS & 20 1 F A large group of other 1975 starters come back, including Al Turken 

Thursday, 9130: Baseball. 7:30 
PM, Rec Gym Conference Room. 

r···T,.eeA·DS···r 
: ClaSSified • 

• • • : Onl'y 25cents : 
: with UCSD I.D. : 
• • 
: Personals : : 
: SOC for students : 
• non students only Sl • 
• • 
• per 100 spaces • 
: per insertion : 
• • 
••••••••••••••••••••••• 

t-- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - , *Emphasis on preparation for the On-campus Int"",iew Program I ernando Padilla, Mike Shein, and Doug and Dave Youngdale. ' 
I He~lliScimcdP~-Mdkal, P~-De~~ProCJum I------------------------------l.f~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~_ 
I If you anticipate applying to a Medical or Dental 'I JOBS JOBS JOBS I 
I School you should meet with the HeaMh Science I The Student ,ob Center has ,Obs loolcina for students: part-time, I 
1 Advisors. Pre-Medical/D~ntal school prOl"am II temporary, and lonl-te"" employment in a variety of off-c .. mpus I inrludft. individual and groupadvisinl, .. ssist .. nce occupations. I with applications, leiters of recommencbltion, I _ . I I volunteer experience prOilrams and the Pre- 'I ______________________________ ~ 
I Medical Committee Interview. I I 
I Exploring Careers in the Health ~iences . 1 ,. 
I Exploration of career fields in the HeaHh Sciences I \V e're Here to Help • 
I is important for all BiololY Ma;Ofs and other I , I 
1 :~~dye:~~ c~c::~daed~~o!~is field . Come in now to , I Career PlanninCJ and Placement Service 1 
• I I 
I Medical Illustration October 13 I Student Center- Complex " I Speakers - Music/Dance Therapy October 20 
• To be announced Art Therapy October 27 I I Biomedical Enlineering November J II - Buildin .. B 

Public He .. lth November 10 ., I Hospital Administration November 17 I --________ ~a ______________________ ~ ____________________ _ 

SPEED READING 
THE INSTITUTE OF READING DEVELOPMENT 

feels that all decisioos made will be oosed upon a comparison of values: 
GOOD vs. BAD 

RIGHT vs. WRONG 
IHD vs. EVB..YN WOOD 

So be an educated cons.l!1ler and compare. Find out why after a ~omparative 
evaluatioo ?f commercial reading progrcrns, the !nstitute of ReCliing Develojl1lent has 
the exclUSive endorsement of the University of Southem California 

For information call 295.1055 

I 912 Silverado Sl Expires I 
1 454-1131 10-8-76 I 
._--------------------

"Tomorrow, 
and tomorrow, 
and tomorrow." 

--Macbeth 
Prepare for it. The earlier you 
begin a life insurance program, the 
less you pay. Find out about the 
College Master plan. 

Call tlw Fidl'lit .\ l ' niun Co IIl'gt- 'la ... tl'r ~ 
Fil'ld , \ ~ ... ()l'iatl' in ~ our !Irt-a : 

4501 Mission Bay Drive 
Pacific Beach 

270-6800 

\ 



triton time8 

WhlIeIR free. 

Chris Walsh , John Futch, 
Engineering Law Student 
"lfs boring to read the way "With 60 briefs a week, 
most people are taught. the average student takes 
This way. you look at a all week to prepare for 
page of print -you see the class. [n an evening. 
whole page. [t's great!" I'm finished:' 

Jim Creighton, 
Student 
"[t's easy. Once you 
know how to do it. it's 
super easy!" 

Jenl Malara, 
Student 
"I had C's in high school. After 
Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics. 
[ was able to maintain an A average:' 

Richard St. Laurent, 
Teacher 
'" was skeptical. but now I'm 
reading around 2300 words a 
minute. Puts you that much 
ahead of everyone else:' 

It'll make homework a lot easier this Yr.':)r. In fact, you can cut your study time almost 
in half with the copyrighted techniques you learn in one free lesson. We'll give you the 
incredible secrets to easy speed reading, better concentration and greater comprehension. 
Taught in more than 300 cities throughout the U.S. It's easy. It's fun . It works. 

Increase your reading speeel as much as 100%1 

SUNDAY 
THRU 

THURSDAY 
4 P.M. OR 8 P.M. 

LA JOLLA 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE INN 

1·5 at La Jolla Village Dr. 
-. 

MISSION VALLEY 
MASTER HOSTS INN 

950 Hotel Circle 

~ EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS 

...... " .."... .... ft, U'JI 

McCarthy ••• 
baUots. CoWlting on secret sup' 
porters who "will surface In 
October," McCarthy is confident 
that he can win the election, said 
Yeager. 

Or at least, "we'U be able to 
throw it into the HOUle of 
Repreaenlativel,.. he added. In 
that cue, McCartby will barpln 
with the "1DOIt willing candidate'; 
to have leverage In the sea.cuon fi 
the nut admlnIatration's per-
sonnel . 

But for now, it's a lonely bunch 
that mWa around diffwent states, 
politely coUecttnc Iipatures on 
behalf of • man whom IDOIt voterI 
have fcqotteo. Still, with national 
pou. CUI'I'eIItly predictiq that by 
November~ McCarthy may well 
produce • slgniflcant vote total, 
there's more than a few tracltlonal 
pols looting over their shouIders.at 
the angry "Silver Knight." 

MortI ... AlterMti ••• 
SIn Diego/Pro·LIfe League 

583·LlFE 
Free coUDIellDi. study room 

and speakers 

<J'<J' 
Welca~ Back 

PersollaIs 
O.,ly 25~ 

friday Oct. 1 
lR~gular '~noQals 504 

Wbll~ ~~~N'S iloo", 

ic********* icw.'W ,.. ic ,.. 
~ I ,. ic ,.., 

triton time8 P8ge15 

TRiTON TiM 5 ClAssifiEd 
lOST ANd· fOUNd 

Found : Fem.Ie Ineh Selt. on Muir Campus. 
About II mantlla okl . For more Inlo contact 
Sen 0Mg0 Hum ... 8ocIety. 

lpet : A McOougall_r Airport W.y end King 
·8 S!O Reward. <:III Will 479-1881 . 

Found: c.m.. on Sept . 3), ple_ Identify 
mUe, y.r, and _lat number If po_lble. 
Pelll 452·aee dave. 

h .. ds (leas th4n 21 or gr .. ter th..., ~ Ini)'or 
Alpha W_ etudy . Contact a_ic Science 
Bldg 30016. l .... nllTle , phon. end head elz • . 
(9129) 

Earn Money I Subjects needecl lor paych 
eMparlment In La Jolla. men 21·401 Call : 452. 
4305. 

MusH: copyist (Arr"g_, a. MuSIc Ceo. 
151", or per sc:rllch 

Music CopyiatfArr...,g_. 8 . MusH: dIIg . 
WII_r alOie my old Nlkon camera out of 151hr. or per tune. Le_ nol. for J . Sacks In 
my VW, pie-. take II 10 TT office before ' Mus. Opl. or «IS-1717: 

, oIficlal ..... t ... .,. la11an. No queetlona 
Uked. 

PERSONAls 
Academics. SocIal Potential , Sexuality , 
FINnoea. CanIer. Sell Acluallzatlon. The 
numbe .. I •• Allllbout YOU...,d your SELF. 
What will Ihl. ye. bring you? Your 
numerology. P.O. 80M 611 . l. Mesa. CA 
9»11. (11120) 

Many books . t 112 or less and IneMpanslve 
oddltl.. . Fine books bought ...,d sold . Ex 
lIbrls Booksloreln Solana Beech. 755-7323. 

Kathy: Tuna on Tuesday at Twelve. Eugene 
(A bookworm). 

To my husbllnd Rick. the love of my life; 
Everyway I love you Everyday I get more sure 
Anyway I love you more & mO(e & more & 
more. It's you & me kid . lorever. 528.7662 
Awooo! love & kisses, Vicky . 

To the pigeon people only 1 year left .- Let's 
make It a good onel (See you Sat.) (Wendy) 

Biology Seniors new course Fall .Wlnter 
Quarters Biology 178 Wednesdays 5-6 HSS 
13:1>. For further Into please see Kay 
Donaldson 1 218'Mu lr 2B . 

Triton TImes Welcome Bac!< Personals only 
$.25 on Friday October 1, get them while .they 
last. 

WANTEd 
Needed : Persons wi1h very large Or small 

Carnegie A-440 Pizza Hali campu s 
rapr_tatl •• needecl . Food .. d cash 
compenUtion. Sophomores living on 
campus only. Call 454-7Z32 for lnt~lew . 

Folk gult.lst to Inslruct young beginner. 1 or 
2 days. 3 pm In Oef MIIr. Call Karen 755.327. 
eves. 

• SERVICES 
MUSICI ... NS REFERRAL SERVICE 
If you are a musician presently without work. 
Get yow act logetherl Call (7,.) 460-«i40. 
(1018) 

ACADEMIC RESEARCH PAPERS . 
Thousands on file . Send 51.00 for your 192. 
page . mall order catalog . 11322 Idaho Ave ., 
'206H , los Angeles. Calif. 90025 (213) 477· 
8474 . (1216) 

Spanish and French prlvat, lessons. Z34-
OJ9t extension 335. (10125) 

fOR SAlE 
71 Vega Halchback 5700. Call 455-al57 after 
6 p.m. (9127) 

COPIES 
311. ( No 72 Minimum 

.. ',k.,' 
, : T .••• , 

15051 /2 Rosecrans 224 ·l323 
5188 College Ave. 287·6188 

Hond. so, recont engine wo(\(o good con. 
dltion . Robert . 453·:1>35 , 596. . 

M.aII & Mime Th .. ter class. Technique , 
allusions, makeup video equipment , 6 wka .• 
S10. 22~2027. ~71H, 453.5377. 

73 Vamaha leo RT·3. Engine •• cellent. Has 
rllCk. good tires. seoo or best oller . Crls .52. 
3400. 

H...,g glider, 19-foot Fre.fllght , fllCtory built , 
taken good care of . 3-wlor sail. Cun 454-
10!>3. (9129) 

Booka for History , ... . 7A and Z37A: also 
Spanish (RoulX. & La Mordaza). Nancy, 
264·2158. 

Psych 16 booka . Conlemporary Psych & 
Study Guide · 510. Nancy. 264-2158. 

TAPE RECORDER 
MinI. Bulh·ln & remote mikes, lape counter, 
more. $20. Paul , x2428 or 278-5166, eves . 
(9129) 

WORK SHOES 
Red Wing steel toe, Vlbram soles, lits 7 to 8. 
Cost 152, worn twice, yours for 525. Adidas 
"Tobacco·' shoes size 9 . $10. Near new, 
comfy suede . Paul , .2428 or 276-5166. leave 
message. (9129r 

64 T·Bird excel Ie.n t condition • new top. 
convenlble. light blue . call 4:;~7689 eIIe. 

ItOUSiNG 
For rent: 2 BOR Mission Beach on board. 
walk . Furn. no pets 9 month lease. 5325. 488-
t395. 466·9316. 38550lw. (1 011) 

Share apartment. Female over :I> wanted to 
share lurnlshed apt. Pacif ic Beach with 
swne. Own room and bath , Olympic pool. 
tennis courts. jacuzzi. sauna. ciubhouSoll 
acllvltles, utilities · all included for $195 . 
EMcelient for newl~·s lngle Or new·to-are. 
person . Prefer upbeat , caSUal . non.smoker • 
sludent , statf or laculty. Ruth 272-4185. 
11011) 

2 mature. serious, non·smoklng students 
wanted to sm.re spacious & qulel·3 BR house 
In S . Clalr.mont with canyon vi..., & own 
large room . $120 & 1/3 utilities . Both sexes 
welcome. 292-()213. (1 011) 

2 BDRM House In Mission Beach. Furnished 
garage. fronl & back patio . 1 14 block Irom 
Beach. Smmo. 488-0381. (1011) 

Female Roomate for quiet house, own room 
aild bath. Renl $127.50. furn ished . Call Lynn 
436-9655. 

Own Room with prl. balh In peaceful p.e . apt 
for fern UCSD Siud . In exchange fO( IIghl 
hskping or sas l month xtra s Include use 01 
kitchen. pool , tenn is courls , maybe car 274· 
t206(1011) 

For Rent furn . and unfurn. apls Ocean View 
Vacation Vi llas . Del Mar Vill age . Across from 
Beach . 755·6601 (C) . 

New Course! 
Jopanese Contemporo('y music 

music 114 
See Cherie at the Music Dept. for more info on this and 
other classes 

[Cross listed as East Asian Cultural Traditions] 

:*************************************************************** 
I : i STUDENT PARKING rNFORMA TlON I 
! Citations Are Issued To Illegally Parked Vehicles. I 
I * 
* * 
*
* Parking permits are required on campus 7 :00 a.m ."to 5:00 p .m ., Monday through : 
* Friday. Perking meter fees are also required during these hours . * 

*
* Student ("S" permit) parking Is restricted to YELLOW STRIPED SPACES in * 
* campus parking lots. : 

* * ! EXCEPTION: G.RACE PERIOD ! 
* * * * I Studanta may park In YELLOW STRIPED SPACES ONLY without a :: 

permit from Monday. September 20 through Wedneaday, October 8 , * 
: 1978. aa a conv~nlenca to allow ample time for purcha_ of parking * 
* permlta. Parking permlta muat be dlaplayed after October 8. * 

* * * * 
* * * * 
*
* Parking permits are sold at the Central Cashier's Office, Building 401 , Matthews * * 

Campue and should be purchased as soon as you arrive on campus . To avoid in-
* creasing the length of lines for the payment of registration fees , student permits * 
* will not be sold on Mondav, Tuesday and Wednesday, September 27, 28, and 29. : 

During the period from September 16 through October 31 , 1976 a student parking 
permit may be purchesed for $38.00 for the academic year . Purchase your needs 
eerty and avoid the poaslblllty of long lines at the last moment. 
.~ ,.. 

ic. i* ic TRITON TiMES 
: OffiCES ARE 
ic Now HOUSEd IN 

You must furnish proof of vehicle ownership (vehicle registration document) at 
the tim. of perm It purcha.e. 

Parking Servlca. personnel will be at the Cashier's Office during the' " Grace 
Period·' to asalst you In obtaining your parking permit , 

If you hava any queatlons or need assistance please call Parking Services on 
extension 4223 or atop by Building 400, Matthews Campus . 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* ~ ThE' STudENT ~ 

; COTER * 
ic . ~ 
ic PItONE 4'2-J466,.. * 
ic FOR INfORMATioN ,. I ~uilding 400 Matthews Campus 
\. ................. * •• **********.******************************* 

UC San Oiego Parking Services 

452·4223 

* 
* * i 
* * 
* * 

"'************ 



PqeU triton tilDes 

Voter 
Availa 

egistration Forms 
at Ednal Bookstore 

by Paul the clout to swing many crucial 
StaH Write, elections," says Kevin Woodruff, 

Due to newly passed legislation, California coordinator of the 
california residents are now able organization. "But unless they 
to register to vote by filling out ~ register to vote and do vote, they 
pre-paid postcard form and will have no sway at all." 
dropping it in the maU. Who Should Register 

At U~D, students can get the In addition to those who have 
registration forms in front of the never registered before, students 
bookstore and at the student who have moved, wish to change 
Center Information Desk during party affiliation or failed to vote in 
the first week of classes, as well as the 1974 General Election must re-
in local libraries and post offices. register. Anyone who will turn 18 
The postcards are being on or before Nov. 2 is able to 
distributed by the November register, 
Coalition, a U~D group. Woodruff contends that, since 

Another voter registration students make up more than 10 
group, the national Student Vote percent of California's potential 
76, is also urging students to realize voters, they can be a decisive 
their potential power by voting bloc. "The potential 
registering to vote. "Students have students have was best demon-

--~~------~-~-~~~l 
EI\RTII SONG Book STORE ! 

OCEAN . SO~G GAllERY 1 
l 

COME ... browse to relaxing l 
music ... DISCOVER & ENJOY 
thoughtfully-selected U .S . & 
imported BOOKS, RECORDS, 
CARDS & PRINTS ... Our 
GALLERY of ART & MUSIC 
offers folk and modern crafts 
of the Americas ... also 
classical. folk & selected 
records. 

1438-40 CAMINO DEL MAR 
Open Daily 10 - 9 • 755-4254 

Del Mar 

strated in Nov. 1974 when Gov. 
Brown and Lt. Gov. Dymally each 
won by less than 300,000 votes," he 
says. 

November Coalition member 
Loren Kaye agrees and points out 
that, in addition to presidential, 
senatorial, congressional and 
statehouse elections on the ballot 
this year, there are several im-
portant state propositions to be 

. decided. For example, Proposition 
14, the Farmworkers Initiative, 
has sparked substantial interest on 
campus. 

A number 'of local elections af-
fecting UCSD are also taking 
place. Possibly the most con-
troversial of these is the race for 
the Third District Supervisorial 
seat between environmentalist 
attorney Roger Hedgecock and 
incumbent Lou Conde. November 
Coalition member Tom Shephard, 
a UCSD Extension counselor, 
admits that a large student turnout 
could swing the race for 
Hedgecock. 

Coop to Meet 
This Evening · 

What is the Coop? 
This evening at 6: 30 in Building C 

of the Student Center (the food 
service facility) the UCSD student 
government -- the Student 
Cooperative Uriion - will hold its 
first meeting. A structural history 
of the Coop will be given, and 
voting requirements and 
technicalities will also be ex-
plained. 

Important reports dealing with 
the External Affairs Support 
Group, the Student Center B~rd, 
the Appointment and Evaluation 
Support Group, and the Autonomy 
Research Support Group will be 
given. The newly formed Marxist 
Caucus will be announced, and, 
additionally, there will be 
discussions on the formation of 
action centers for such issues as 
student control of academic 
records and academic freedom. 

Of equal interest to students 
should be the External Affairs 
meeting, a support group of the 
Coop. Gathering at 6 pm in the 
Student Organization Conference 
Room, such topics as the recent 
passage of child care legislation, 
registrathn fees, and the voter 
registration drive will be 
discussed. 

News 
In 

Brief 
I . 

Save the Trees 

The california Public Interest 
Research Group (CalPIRG) will be 
conducting a telephone book 
recycling campaign starting this 
Monday, and running through 
October 6. Collection binS will be 
located throughout strategic 
locations on campus, including the 
Revelle quad, Muir quad, Fourth 
quad, and the Medical school. 

"This is the first time anything 
like this has ever been attempted," 
said Alan Kremen, Regional Board 
Chairperson for CaIPIRG. 
" Through this recycling effort we 
hope to save 100,000 trees." 

CaIPIRG hopes to make money 
through the project, which will 
enable it to further its study 
projects. " We hope this is just the 
beginning," said Kremen. 

Evening at Med School 

The UCSD School of Medicine 
will host " An Evening At the 
School Of Medicine" this Thursday 
from 7 to 8: 30 pm for all un-
dergraduate students interested in 
entering the medical profession. 

Co-sponsored by the medical 
school Office of Minority 
Recruitment, the special program 
will be held in Garren Auditoriwn, 
located in the Basic Science 
Building on Matthews Campus. 

Guest speakers, including 
Marvin Dunn, Associate· Dean for 
Academic Affairs, will briefly 
outline opportunities for un-
dergraduates to gain entrance into 
the medical school. 

Following the gue~t speakers, a 
panel of UCSD med students will 
form to answer questions for the 
audience. 

Refreshments will be served and 
all UCSD students are invited to 
attend. 

Admission is free. For more 
information, contact Mary Bush at 
the Student Center, Building B. 

Grad Student Internship Open 

If you are a full-time registered 
UCSD graduate student in good 
standing, are familiar with UCSD 
and interested in improving 

****************************************************************. ! Monday Night Football Special Menu ll-c,ti~"~",, ! . 
# S[llghetti Night 5 to 10 - Every Monday .. ~ {) ~-<t ( # ! .75< ~" ()~ # 
* Spaghetti with Meat Sauce, ~ ~'" # 
* Tossed Green Salad, #~.... ~>' * ! ~rb. Dressing & Garlic Bread ~ ••••••• featu ..... nQ ••••••• ~: 
* * : Bar Special Seafood Coc~tails . : 
: Ortega 5tea~ Prime Rib : 
*** tvlixed Drinks .75 - Well Only Steal, & Kin'g Crab ! 
* Coors ,60 ~ * 
: Draft .SO FEATURING Nostalgic Recordings : 

*
* of the : 
* You May Also Order From Regu lar Menu * 
: 1«3 U~~I) A # ! Looking for Lunch Off-Campus ? Lunch 11:30 to 2:00 Din"., 5:00 to 10:00 : 
* We're only Two Minutes Down the Hill located in the Andrea Villa Hotel I 
* * * Try Our Ev ryday Luncheon pecials 2402 Torrey Pines Road / 454-2313 * # For a Change of Pace from on Campus-Fare Near Ardath Road at the Five Flags J I*******************************************~******************, 

graduate student life, you might be 
interested in a graduate student 
internship. 

An intern's primary respon-
sibilities are coordination, com-
munication and liaison with 
graduate students and ad-
ministrators, and working on 
projects of special interest to the 
graduate student body. . 

The intern will work in the Office 
of Graduate Studies (OGSR) from 
October 1 to June 30, He will be 
paid a stipend of $450 per month 
and resident fees. 

Interested students should talk to 
Barbara Paine, the current intern, 
or Jean Fort, at OSGR, MC lOB, by 
Friday. 

Argument for Helmet Laws 

(CPS) - A New Mexico man 
tossed aside his helmet recently 
and rode his motorcycle for 
Albuquerque to Santa Fe to protest 
helmet laws. On his return he lost 
control of the motorcycle and 
smashed into a van. 

He died of massive head injuries. 

SOSProgram 
Needs Projects 

The National Science Foundation 
is seeking student projects for its 
Student Originated Studies (SOS) 
program. 

Deadline for proposals - for 
projects initiated, planned and 
directed by student teams - by 
UCSD students is Nov. 10, at the 
Office of Contract and Grant 
Administration, MC 301. 

The 80S program provides 
support for small student groups 
which apply science and 
technology to the study of a 
significant 'locietal problem. The 
projects usually last 10-12 weeks 
during the summer and are con-
ducted on a full-time basis. 

A stipend of $90 per week is paid 
to participants. 

For additional information and a 
copy of the revised Student-
originated Studies Guide for 
preparation of Proposals, contact 
Rosalee Kitaen at the Office of 
Graduate Studies and Research, 
MCI08. 

There IS a 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

Me a... Over 35 :vears "I of experience OAT and success 
Small Classes LSAT Voluminous home BRE study material. 
A~SI Cour_ that are ~. a constantly updated 

OCAT 
CPAT 

Tape facilities for 
r."ieyIr. of c,_ 
'_n. and for u. 
of IUpp'ementary 
materiel. 

FLEX Make-ups for ECFMB m~ '_ns 
MATlMEDIDS 

SAT-VAT 
SAN DIEGO CENTER 

2180 Oarnet. Pacific Beech 92101 
Phone 


