
WhileYou 
WereAway 

SD Area Briefs 
A proposed rate increase for the 

loca l power utility, continued 
threats to the current nude status 
of Blacks Beach, the innauguration 
of the new city council, a new 
campaign expenditure limit for 
county elections and the tragic 
death of San Diego's legendary 
white deer highlighted the news in 
San Diego during December. 

Tho.. San Diego Gas and Electric 
Company (SDG&E ) has asked the 
Public Utilities Commission 
(PUC) for permission to raise its 
power rates by $101.8 million for 
next year. 

In the SDG&E proposal, over $34 
million of the new revenue would 
go to pay for higher fuel costs. The 
rest of the money would be used to 
improve earnings enough so that 
SDG&E would be able to sell bonds 
to finance power plant construction 

. and to directly.fund capital outlay 
programs. 

UC President David Saxon, flanked by Security, finds something 
to smile about during his haH-hour aimless walk from USB to 
Matthews Campus on November 25. Official statements 
concerning the incident appear in today's " on pages 3 and 4 
(" photo: Dan Rosen) , If the PUC allowed the rate in-

crease, it would be the first time 
consumers' rates would be used 
directly for capital outlay 
programs. 

Humanities Grads Warned 

If the PUC allows SDG&E to 
raise its rates, homeovmers will 
lace a 9.39% increase while other 
users will find their rates up over 
26%. 

Friedkin' Queries 
T As on Strike Intent 

Public hearings will be held this 
week in La Mesa by the PUC to 
determine whether the rate in-
crease is in the public interest. 

BlacksB~b 
A report from the San Diego City 

Manager's office has recom-
mended that the ' " swimsuits op-
tional" status of Blacks Beach, 
south of Torrey Pines State Park, 
be terminated if the state elects not 
to move the swimsuit optional zone 
onto their property. 

Deputy City Manager John 
Johnson said in the report, "If the 
state would not permit this, our 
position is that the swimsuit op-
tional zone be rescinded because of 
the adverse environmental and 
svciological problems created by 
its existence and the lack of city 
funds to mitigate those ' con-
ditions." 

Blacks Beach is the only legal 
nude beach in the nation operated 
by a governmental body. The city 
council established the swimsuits 
optional zone early in 1974. 

The city council ordered the San 
Diego Park and Recreation Board 
to s tudy the nude beach question 
earlier this year when proponents 
of the beach wanted to expand and 
create similar zones at other 

aches. Area residents had 
complained about the poor parking 
and sanitary conditions created by 
the nude beach. The parks panel 

Continued on Page 8 

-Union Tieup 
Vote Falls 
Short in GSU 

Graduate Student Union (GSU) 
members have rejected union 
affiliation by a close margin, in a 
vote ending the last day of regular 
classes last November. This will 
leave the GSU without union 
membership on the eve of their 
indefinite strike, which is 
scheduled to rtart next Monday. 

62% of union members voted in 
favor of affiliation, but the GSU 
constitution requires a two-thirds 
majority to approve the measure. 

Sixty-two percent of union 
members voted in favor of af-
filiation, but the GSU constitution 
requires a two-thu-ds majority to 
approve the measure. 

Ninety percent of the members 
favoring affiliation picked the 
American Federation of State, 
County and Municipal Employees, 
with the rest approving the 
California Federation Of Teachers. 
Both unions have small mem-
berships on campus. 

According to union organizer 
Tom Lewis, the affiliation issue 
will be brought up again. 
However, he said that the GSU 
constitution does not permit 
reconsideration of the issue before 
next week, when the strike is 
scheduled to begin: 

Less Than Half Respond ' 

AS Rejects 
Anti-CIA Resolution 

1'h(' Academic Srnlltt' last QlIartl'r rcj( 'ckd a resolutIOn t'alhng for 
.. pO~lI rl' of ... 11 Central Intelligence Agen<'y ICIAI tit'S With tht' 

nl\'l'rsil\' and for 11 han on all connections with tilt' agl'nn . 
With Il'SS than half tht' S('nate m('mbcrs voting tn tht' mall hallot, 2:l2 

Ill! 'mil('r' oppo.<;(',1 thr "(,SOlutIon, while 152 favorrd it. 
Ttli' h.1l1ot :-: Wt'ft' m.lill'(l followmg ct m<'CtinJ{ wht'n' lht' 1ll'lIonty of 

" hoI It 100 AS m('mht'rs favorNI ttl(' resoilltion in a stl';IW hallot. At that 
111('('1 tnt.:. tlk' St'nait' also II{'('I<lt'<1 to allow thl' ('nlln' m('mht'n'hlp lo 
' '' t, thl'tlllgh th(' 111.111. l'ht' h;lllot~· \\ ('"" ('Olllltl ' <I O\·. 2fi. 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

With the Graduate Student Union 
(GSU ) strike scheduled to begin in 
one week, Revelle Provost Morris 
Friedkin has sent letters to 
Humanities program teaching 
assistants asking whether they will 
participate in that strike. 

The letter warns that 
Humanities T As joining in the 
strike will be fired . There have 
been reports of similar letters sent 
out by other departments. 

Meanwhile, the GSU will meet 
Thursday night to hear a report on 
the December negotiating sessiohs 
between union members and ad-
ministration officials. At the 
meeting the GSU may also hold 
another strike vote. 

Reply By Wednesday 
Friedkin's letter requires that 

graduate students reply to the 
letter by Wednesday orthe Revelle 
Provost "will assume that [the 
graduate students] do not plan to 
participate as T As in the 
Humanities courses." As the letter 
was dated Dec. 30, this gives the 
graduate students one week to 
reply. 

Some graduate students have 
interpreted the letter to mean that 
graduate students are being 
threatened with losing em-
ployment before they have done 
anything illegal. 

(A GSU strike would be against 
university regulations. Chancellor 
McElroy has said striking TAs will 
be fired.) 

Friedkin took that action 
because he " and his colleagues 
agree that the unauthorized ab-
sence of the TA during the early 
period of a Humanities course, 
when the now of ideas depends on a 
logical and uninterrupted sequence 
of assigned topics, cannot be 
followed by re-entry of the T A at a 
later date." 

The letter also said that the 
Humanities department ha 
devised a contingency plan for 

Contitluc(\ on Page 

Demonstrators to 
Plea Cases in Hearing 
14 ldentifed 
Through Public 
Affairs Photos 

By Edward imolls 
pecial Writer 

Eight of the demonstrators who 
blocked UC president David 
Saxon's path on campus last 
November have elected to plead 
their case in an open hearing later 
this month. 

The hearing will determine what 
disciplinary action, if any, will be 
taken against the eight. 

Altogether, 14 persons were 
accused by the university of 
misconduct during the Nov. 25 
demonstration against Saxon and 
the university's ties with the CIA. 
Of those, one student has already 
elected to accept disciplinary 
action from Vice-chancellor of 
student affairs George Murphy-
disciplinary probation for the 
remainder of the year and no 
membership on any body aJ)-
pointed by the Chancellor or UC 
President. 

Another student's identity has 
not been established and the 
student affairs office "expects to 
hear from" another. 

Three non-students were also 
accused of mi~conduct during the 
demonstration, but no charges 
were brought against them. The 
district attorney's office, which 
handled the case of the non-
students, could find nothing 
" criminally actionable" in their 
conduct that day. 

The eight ' students who will 
participate in the hearing are 
being represented without charge 
by three attorneys; Don Nunn, 
Peter Schey and Tom Bowden. At 
this writing, Bowden is in Europe. 
His absence is holding up the 
disciplinary hearing, which will be 
held sometime after his Jan. 17 
return. 

Findings of Fact 
Chancellor McElroy has aJ)-

pointed Dr. Robert Lugarmani of 

the APIS department to be the 
hearing officer. Lugannani is 
charged with the task of making 
" findings of fact. " He will not have 
a hand in whatev r disciplinary 
action is taken agains t the students 
involved. I f any students are found 
g uilty of misconduct , Murphy will 
decide their punishment. 

According to Murphy, Lugan-
nani was chosen beca use "he is a 
fair-minded and respected 
member of the faculty." Lugan-

. 

Po ition statements on the 
November 25 incident from the 
Anti-CIA Coalition and UC 
President Saxon appear in today's 
Triton Time on pag 3. An official 
report on the incident, from Vice-
Chancellor George Murph to 
Chancellor McElroy, together with 
Murphy's recomm endations, 
appears on page 4. 

nani and McElroy, the man who 
appointed man, were not available 
for comment at press time. 

The hearing is the latest in a 
series of events that began last 
quarter when several UC San 
Diego administrators attended a 
conference on minority recruit-
ment at the CIA's headquarters in 
Langley, Va . 

A group of students, angry that 
university officials had met with 
the CIA, fonned the Anti-CIA 
Coalition. The group held several 
teach-ins and demonstrations, 
including one held the day Saxon 
was on ampus. 

Saxon had come to UCSD for an 
open-air question and answer 
session with students and to meet 
with the Academic Senate. 

At the begiMing of the question 
and answer session, the Anti-CIA 
demonstration moved from the 
Revelle plaza to the gymnasiwn, 
where Saxon spoke. 

Ignorant of tbe Issues 
Throughout Saxon's meeting 

with students, he was jeered and 
interrupted with chants of "No ' 
way, CIA." For his part, Saxon 
seemed unprepared and, in one 
case, ignorant of th issues raised 

Continued on Page 4 

Del Mar Girds foi\ 
Crowded Ballot 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

As a r esult of activities in Del Mar over the past month , the March 2 
Muni ipal lection ther will include a r fer ndum on the revi. ed 
Community Plan, and two qu stions on th recall of coun 'il per:on John 
W arc, in addition to the election of lhr city council members. 

In the poll on the ommunity Plan, condu t('(1 ov. 15-22, proposal: to 
rst .. hlish a loop trail, permit ctrnsit~ b nuscs, and relocate and rcstrict 
thr size of the busin ss district failrd . Proposals c oncerning open spac , 
rc:icl ntial bulk r strictions, narrowing Camino Del Mar, and an 
('conomi impact study on th Community Plan passrd. 1600 af 33 
rew. trred vot r ' in 0 I Mar pa rticipat d in the poll. 

The cit~ coun it acccpted the resulL'i of th poll on ec. 1, and 
(" t' lhli shed a committrc of two counl'ilp<'rsons and two plannin~ com-
mi":ion mcmber: to r vise the plan ae ording to t h results of th poll. 
Thr committrc has already submitt d iL<; rccomm ndatlOns to the cIty 
roundl and planning commission. puhlk h al-in t{ on the ommittec 's 
rt'("ommcndations will hr hrld a t thc city ouncil m 'ting tomght. 

Rcea II Petition rtifit'd 
Thc petition to recall coun 'itp r: on John W ar' \l'a ' c rtifll'd in arh 

Dl'ccmtx'r. When the recall p<'tition wa first. ' ubmitt I ov. 18, lh' 
numher of valid s ignatures h'lI below th rrquircd 550, hut 'irculator ' of 
tl1\' p 'lition had until Drc. 18 to find the clght : Ignaturc, n d d for h 
pl'litlOn. Thc rr '~lll rl('ction willl)c held Mar h 2 and will . nsi,t of two 
flur Ilo~ ' : whrther Wrar should he r 'alled and whrther he sh Id b 

f"('I~'C('(\ hy app intmrnt or (' It'dion if he i. ' ('{'callt-d . 
I.a ' t TIIt'sdav was llw la. t dav for candidatc: f r 'It\' counCIl M'at: to 

f'k for th<' March 2 r lrdion. r';h~ht p<'opit' ar runmng f;l\":t (' undl :cat. . 
lOrluding Ma~ or Hi 'hard Rypmski, "h h~ld pn'vlou. I~' saul ht' would n t 
' ITk re-('\('ction . 

Th(' ()lIwr ('an<ltdn tr: an' : ,Jultanna Bartami, on of tht' It'a<lt'r, III th 
l'nntinut'd Oil Page 7 

I, 



Crall Uchida 
Ophuoa editor 

MarkSUldIer 
NewaecUter 

James G, Seta 
CltyedHer ' 

SaraLowea 
CommuJty~r 

The Jriton Times is recognized as the officiol student newspaper by 
the Communications Board of UCSO. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of the mo jori ty of the editoriol board (abol/e), and not the 
views of the University, the Communications Boord or the student. 
bo"y. 

A Fair Investigation? 
Some of the circumstances surrounding the investigation of . 

wrongdoing during President Saxon's blightcd visit to UC San Diego last 
quarter seem particularly questionable. 

For instance, the campus public affairs office became, for an af-
ternoon, a surveillance unit, its photographs used to pinpoint offenders. 
For the same purpose the student affairs office requested local media to 
provide photographs and film of the cvent, apparently hoping that the 
media would be willing to be law enforcement agents rather than 
journalists. 

Happily, only the San Diego Union was willing to allow its material to 
ht' used for reasons other than news reporting. [The administration, we 
hope because of some ethical awakening, never followed up on its 
n'quest.) 

Also, there are indications that much of the zeal with which the chan-
cI!lIor demanded justice was prompted by the President's office. Saxon 
apparently was much more angry with the administration's handling of 
both his appearance and the difficulty following it than his loft~ 
statcment [page 3J exhibited; it may be the administration is more ill-
(I'rested in pleasing-or appeasing-the President than It is in doing what i, 
correct and just for the students and nonstudents involved and for the 
community. 

Indeed, it seems to us the administration may have been asking for 
trouble by staging the event outside, in the arena-like atmosphere 
('reated by the gym and the lump of ground in front of the student center. 
Also. the fact that Saxon made no attempt to get into the police car 
, tationed in back of the Academic Senate meeting place indicates that 
there was something the President himself eould have done to shorten the 
agony of the afternoon. . 

And linally, there is the question of whether the students did any thin /.!. 
in a legal sense or in the terms of the University's regulations, that merits 
possible probation, one of the most severc punishments the school has to 
mete out. The district attorney's office, it should be noted, was unable to 
fi lid any criminal offenses to charge the thrcc non-UCSD studcnts with. 

There is no excuse for abridging the President's freedom of specc·h. 
nur for the disruption of the Academic Senate meeting. But to single out 
tl'n students when ten times more were involvcd is wrong. To ac t against 
students under pressure from above is more than unfair. And to prolong 
ill the public eye an event that has tended to portray the University 
studt'nt as a repressive anarchist is t41 perpetuate a popular, incorrect 
lIotion. Despite the bad press the campus has received statewide, despite 
the wrath incurred in the President's office, despitc the ideologically 
reprehensible actions of some of the individuals invQlved, the matter is 
not Qne where such serious punishment is appropriate. 

New Home for Third 
Today marks the UIIoffieial opening of the new Third College facility 

after years of planning and residence in the antiquated Matthews campus 
complex. 

Though the college is not yet completely finished, residents have 
already moved into the townhouse apartments and classes begin today in 
earnest in the classroom bUilding. 

Though the college itself will not be hard to find-situated north of Muir 
College and West of the Central Library-the buildings themselves may 
be hard to tell apart because as of press time someone had neglected to 
put signs up. However, this problem is one that we are sure will be 
quickly corrected by whomever is responsible. 

Congratulations are in order to Third Collcge and the University for the 
completion of the long-awai'ed complex. 

TT's Open Policy 
After a number of comments and suggestions, we feel it I necessary to 

reiterate a policy that we feel we've repeated over and over, but that still 
might not be clear to everyone. 

The Triton Times has a wide open policy for submission~ to this IJagl·. 
und, when we ha ve enough material, the page oppositl'. Almost without 
exception, we ha ve printed everything that has been submitted for thl'sl' 
pages in recent memory, and we will continue to do so. 

They are, except for this column and an occasional opinion pieel' hy a 
, taff member, the readers ' pages. [By thi! way, one point nel'(ls 
clarifi cation: that is, the differences between the kinds of pieces that ,'all 
appear. Bylin j stories and letters represent the opinions of the authors 
and editorials - ill this column-the opinion of the majority of thl' 
members of th ' Triton Times Editorial Board .] 

There arc a few requirements - length and typing guidelincs - CQn-
cealed in the r ~etangular box that is printed in every newspaper. And _ 
in certain cases - much longer writing may be printed by spe('ia l 
arrangement. 

Nothing is oat of bounds. Fiction, poetry, angry letters about what WI' 
,10, angry lelt( rs about what someone else docs, renective pieees on thl' 
~tate of the wo 'Id, Art, photography and cartoons are also welcomed. 

Drop by. If t lere's something in your bottom drawer that you batted out 
nne night you lVert'n't able to sleep, let us use it. 

~ 

Anything yo J have to say is worth the attention of the community. 

The TrI'on T,mes is recognIZed by 'he Communlcot ions Buv,d 0/ UCSO as the 
oH'c,a l studen' newspaper. Publicoll on ,s on Mondays. Wednesdays and 
F .. days dUring 'he regulcr school yeor (except on oHicial hol ,days). Ed,toriol 
and bus iness offore s ole loco,ed in 11 7 Blol<e Ho llon the Revelle College 
campus. Universi ,y 0/ Col iforn iO. Son o ,ego 

l e lle " '0 'he Ed l'or and aponion colu mns are wekomed . Al l submistl'ons 
should be typed o n a 74·spoce line on nonerasabl . poper They should no' 
exceed three pages ,n length double spoced . The Trl'on T,mes I.s.rve. ' he 
right to edIt submiSSions beca use of space limitations or style reqUirements. 

For ed,torlo l. call 452·3466. for bU'lness and d .. ploy odve rt ,sements, ca ll 
452·3468 

Monday, January 5,197, 

Letters to the Editor 

Three Views on the Saxon Squ~bble 
GSU Open Setback Valuable 
Letter to As I see it, here's what the Antl- Ally lost CIA Coalition accomplished on 

Tuesday, November 25, 1975, 

Saxon 
Dear President Saxon: 

On December 1,1975, the general 
membership of the Graduate 
StUdent Union instructed us to send 
you the following four-point 
statement: -

1. The Graduate Student Union 
did not organize the demonstration 
which occurred during your recent 
visit to UCSD. 

2. The Graduate Student Union 
does fully support the demands of 
the Anti-CIA Coalition : 1) Com-
plete disclosure of all links bet-
ween the CIA and UCSD, 2) 
Immediate termination of CIA 
recruitment at UCSD. 

3. The Graduate Student Union 
did not plan or encourage any 
physical abuse against your person 
which might have occurred during 
your visit . _ 

4. The Graduate Student Union 
will resist any attempts to use the 
events surrounding your visit as an 
excuse to clamp down on student 
activism in genera 1. -

THE STEERING COMMIITEE 
GRADUATE STUDENT UNION, 

qCS D 

between 3: ZO pm and 4: 15 pm: 
I ) an enormous disselVice to the 

UCSD student and staff groups who 
were working together to establish 
a rapport with President Saxon 
and his administration and with 
the UCSD administration; 

2) a probable setback for UCSD 
at the system-wide bargaining 
table; 

3) a definite setback in the San 
Diego community's attitude 
toward UCSD students; 

4) national embarrassment for 
the UC president; 

5) national embarrassment for 
Chancellor McElroy who put trust 
in the students and staff involved 
with the planning of the afternoon; 

6) lots of contempt for the 
disregard of the prCiSing problems 
at PCSD such as services for 
disabled students, reg fee increase, 
collective bargaining, om-
budsperson for staff, students, and 
faculty and the TA situation. 

7) an overshadowing of the CIA 
atrocities in the news media 
because of the uncalled for in-
cident; and 

8) the opportunity for everyone 
to benefit from verbal com-
munication with the UC president 
down the drain. 

MARY ANN HERBENAR, 
UCSDSTAFF MEMBER 

TRB 

The recent behavior of certain 
students towards President Saxon 
was, I think, quite understandable 
but regrettable. 

Understandable, because we 
wanted to express our disple.asure 
with the CIA and other rotten 
things. (When I was a kid, and a 
keenly anticipated trip to the zoo 
had to be cancelled because of 
rain, I kicked my mother's shins. 
Well - you can't kick the sky, can 
you?) 

Regrettable , because we 
probably (understandably!) have 
now lost the sympathy of a 
powerful and potentially valuable 
ally. As our university president 
(presiding over a nation of some 
150,000 literate people), Saxon's 
job is, largely, to represent us to 
the rest of the world. He can 
hardly be expected to do so 
energetically and enthusiastically 
if we kick his shins. 

As we grow older and shrewder, 
we should learn to play a better 
hand at politics. In the long run, 
we can expect to achieve more that 
way. 

GlANNA OSCURO 

The Woodwork Vote 
It is suite 3178 of the Hilton Hotel, 

at 2:30, with 24 reporters and half a 
dozen SS men waiting in a 
semicircle for this presidential 
candidate has already been shot 
once and is a paraplegic with no 
sensation below the waist. Bland 
hotel pictures, TV cabinet, dee~ 
piled green carp!,!t, mobile bar, 
name flickering under a chafing 
dish ... And as we wait I remember. 
This is the man who could stir hate, 
menace grievance, resentment 
and rage, and unleash the darkest 
passions of the American sould 
beyond any other speaker in 
America. Can he still? 

"Let it be known 
here-now- and from this day on, " 
cried Sen. McIntyre on the floor of 
the Senate last June 5, " that Tom 
Mcintyre find the serious con-
sideration of George Wallace for 
President of the United States 
incredible and appalling!" 

And now he is a candidate, the 
best-financed one in the field, some 
think, with support that the polls 
don't measure. " Forget the polls, " 
says a politician, " Wallace su~ 
porters keep it secret; they're 
from unions, chambers of com-
merce, nice old ladies, young 
punks; it doesn't show in 
statistics." Exactly; it 's a gut 
reaction; the woodwork vote. Not 
enough to win an election maybe 
but enough to throw it off balance ; 
perhaps into the House. 

He met Lurleen when she was 16, 
a dime-store clerk, and he was a 
highway department truck driver 
with a law degree, waiting to get 
the war behind him for the only two 
things that ever mattered, politics 
and power. He was on the bombing 
runs against Japan as air corps 
sergeant , and reporters still note 
his dislike of flying; Wayne Morse 
in the Congressional Record, 
September 5, 1963, quoted from 
" officia l records" that "in 
December, 1946, (Wallace ) was 
gra nted service-connected 
disability (pe nsion ) for 
psychoneurosis, for which an 
evaluation of 10 percent was 
assigned." . 

He wa beaten for governor of 
Alabama by a segregationist in 
1958 and exclaim d, "They out-
niggered me ; I'm never going to be 
out-nigger d again." The next 

election he called an opponent "an 
integrating, scallywagging, ca r-
petbagging, race-mixing, bald-
face liar." They loved it. 

He posed as the martyr-resister 
to integration " even to the point of 
standing in the courthouse door in 
person." They ate it up. 

But as governor he could only 
serve one tenn by law. So in 1966 he 
ran his loyal, patient wife Lurleen, 
mother of four, for governor: "She 
ain 't all that sharp, but she can 
take care of herself"-and moved 
back into the governor's office. It 
was a smart trick. Everyone 
chuckled. She died, May, 1968 of 
cancer. He remarried and is 
governor again, till 1979 ... 

As I sat there in the hotel 
waiting, watching the flame under 
the chafing dish, other meetings 
came back. That one at Hager-
stown (at the Sears store and the 
Acme market), where the black 
hecklers chanted "Go home, go 
home, go home!" and were 
knocked on the head; that one at 
Norfolk, where the minister asked 
us to vote for Wallace in the name 
of Jesus; that one at Madison 
Square Garden (or was it the 
Philadelphia rena, or Cobo Hall , 
Detroit?) where his vice 
presidential running mate Ger. 
Curtis LeMay (" bomb them into 
the Stone Age") spoke firllt, and 
then he came on to deride the 
hecklers and to arouse his su~ 
porters to a frenzy. . 

Wallace needs hecklers to rouse 
the crowd. He comes on out with 
boxer's steps as when he was twice 
light-weight champion of 
Alabama , and quick, darting eyes 
that size up things in a moment. 
The tension builds, the noise 
mounts, it is impossible to un-
derstand what is said but his voice 
over loud speakers is like a bugle, 
reverberant, spine-tingling. 

He is the smallest one on the 
platform, five-foot-seven, maybe 
140 pounds, with grotesque face 
and prominent arched eyebrows, 
looking llke an elf. He has a vital, 
poisonous glee. Every cracker-
barrel s tore had one like him in the 
old days, who confoUllded city 
slickers with devilish drawl and 
colloquia Ii m and ridicul . Are we 
sort on crime? - "The thug who 
knocks yuh on the head is out of jail 

before yuh git to the hospital, and 
on Monday they fire the 
policeman;" his target the In-
tellectuals or, (if no hecklers aj>-
pear) the 50 reporters below his 
platform. He taunts them to the 
crowd-"They are sneering at us ," 
he tells the audience, "They 
despise you and me with their 
pointy heads! - why, they are so 
dumb themselves they don't even 
know how to park a bicycle 
straight." Roars of laughter. 

He enjoys mispronouncing 
words; -it is part of his role as 
untutored yokel: .. An-ARK-ist, " he 
says with accent on second 
syllable, or "suave" pronounced in 
two syllables-"Sua-vay." He is in 
complete communication with the 
crowd, the rapt, cheering 
people-people feeling he is their 
spokesman against government, 
communism, degeneracy, the rich 
and blacks. 

He was shot May 15, 1972, at 
Laurel, Maryland, by Arthur 
Bremer, 24, who had total assets of ' 
$200, and had followed Wallace 
around the country. and is now 
serving 53 years. How did Bremer 
know Wallace would be in Laurel? 
The present Mrs. Wallace (black-
haired Cornelia) told a reporter 
recently she suspects a plot ; 
Watergate conspirator E. Howard 
Hunt, she recalled, told a Senate 
committee that White House 
Special Counsel Charles W. Colson 
asked him to break into Bremer's 
apartment to see if he acted alone; 
then later called Hunt to say the 
break-in wasn't necessary. She 
wants truth serum given Bremer 
"to open him up." 

N ow suddenly there's a stir in the 
hotel room and they wheel Wallace 
in. He gives that quick darting 
glance and begins answering 
questions in his old role of in-
nocence, "Wh so much attention ? 
I'm flattered ." He wears well-cut 
gray tweerls , dark-figured tic, ring 
on rourth finger of either hand, cuf~ 
links, nl' sh-tonecl hearing aiel anc 
h!' cups his a r and tells a woman. 
,. , don't hcar good honey." 

This is the Wallace who on 
March 3, told visiting German 
journalists, "The German people 
were mistreated after Wotld War 
, ... , think we W{'rl' fighting the 

COlltillul'(1 on Pagc 3 

Munday. Juu8ry 5. 1171 

Politics: James G. Soto 

Mass Confusion 
Zipping along that well-traveled expressway hrtween San Diego and 

Los Angeles recently, I noti('c<1 one vehicle in particular when dri\'ing 
through Orange County. 

Thc auto seemed to symbolize th<' widespread political confusion that 
('urrently reigns supreme in American minds. Two bumper sti ckers 
attached to the window of that c<'}'Iain sedan appeared to defy com-

patihiJit~' . One sticker urged everyone to ",/oin Common Cause," while 
til(' other. of a slightly older vinl<lge, proc\<Iimed a prefl'rence for Ronalel 
HC'<tgan's ill-rated Proposition One of two ycars ago. 

In politics as in Iif<', one learns to assume perhaps a littlt' too much 
No w usually I would assume Common Cause to be a group of people wi t I> 
[Jronounced liberal intrntions. Common Cause is, more often than y' " 
mi~ht believe, associated by members of the political right with su i 
cckbrities as Joe Stalin ann Mao-tze Tung. 

On the other hand, Reagan's PropOnewould have puta limit on the rate 
or taxation- a proposal that scared more than one believer in the power 
or governmental spending. Reagan's tax limitation referendum was 
h;lill'd in conservative circles as the greatest document since the Con-
, titution. Primary among its railure to excite California voters was the 
belief that Prop One was some sort of reactionary plot to murder cripples 
<lnd mcntal incompetenl~ in order to save an almighty dollar . 

Prop one was established in my mind at I<'ast- no nec<1 here to discuss 
its merits-as part of the Conservative way of thinking in America. 

Conservative or Liberal 
So how does anyone explain it? Were the occupants of that cal' eon-

s(' rvative or liberal? Was the wife conservative and the husband liberal, 
or vice versa? Or was it just that they were candidates for the loony 
rarm? 

Perhaps there are no answers to those questions. Those two bumper 
stickers on that cal' could be a symbol of the conrus ion that exists in 
American politics. The labels liberal and conservative have become so 
ovr r used that they have lost their meaning . 

, have been called everything from Communist to Fascist. Usually 
when people resort to extremes in their choice of appellations, it has been 
m~' experi!'nce they don't know what t~ey arc talking about. Here at UC 
S~n Diego, ror example, UC President David Saxon was barraged by 
obscenities, names and even a little old fashioned spit. Among the names 
hra rd we re stR.:h old standard as rascist, murderer and, for a little ethnic 
color, "assi sino." 

Whatever the average.Joc might want to call the notewOlthy Saxon, a 
r, 'IV more accuratr titles could be given instead or fascist, murderer and 
;Issasin. In some circles, to equatr Saxon and Fascism would be s imilar 
te, comparing the Ku Klux Klan with Abzugism. Unless Saxon has some 
dark sccret in his past, it is unlikely that the District Attorney would want 
to pin murder one on the UC President. And to think that Saxon is an 
;Issasin is preposterous . He could barel~' handle himselr with some ul\I'uly 
students , how could he possihl~ ' mast!'I' thc profC'ssion or a hit-man. 

Easily Understuod Labels 
Whrn such events as the Saxon affair become frequent, it is inevitable 

' .orne damage to accurate name calling and labels will occur. For the 
, sake of convenience peoplr like to be able to associate political figures 

and in~titutions with easily und rrstood labels or titles. Currently Anar-
cho-l ,iilertarians, MonarchisL~Yascists, T1'aditionalists, Militarists and 
fis (,a l conservatives arc lumped umler the term " right." A Fascist and a 
fi ,'cal conservative have nothing in common, yet somehow they have 
twe n put together. . 

Communisl~ , soeialisL~, liberals . environmentalists, civil libertarians 
and Robert La Follettr Progressive arc usually described as being " Iert. " 
It wouell be farretched to assume that thr great liberal Thomas Jefferson 
a nd Karl Marx havr anything in common, yet we find them joined 
togrther in a hol~ ' matrimony of IJolitics. 

Of course the political conrus ion is spurred on by the oddities that 
n'gul.II·I.,· occur in our major political partirs. The Republkan pmty does 
ha\'e room for Barry Goldwater ami for .Jacob Javits. It has nevcr been 
d ('a r what thcse two sages havr in common, but it certainly isn't their 
\' oling record. The Democratic [Ja rty, never a political institution to be 
admired for its ideological unity, has such diverse animals as Sen<.ltor 
.Ja mes Eastland and Congresswoman Bella Abzug in its corral. But at 
least for the present, confusion coming out of the ranks or our political 
pa rti es will continue, and parties will continue to contribute to the con-
fus ion. 

Opposite Figures 

J guess the best exam ple of pol itica l confusion in recent times has been 
th!' alliance between Scn . James Buckley (R/Cons-New York) and liberal 
presiciential candidate Eugene McCarthy. These two seemingly opposite 
ftg ures have joined force ' to right the Campaign " Rerorm " act which 
[Jllb limits on contributions and will also di:;tributC' federal funds to 
('(' rta in qualified candidates. " Liberal" McCarthy and "Conservative" 
Buckley have argued that the new campaign spending limit is an 
<l lJridgement of an individual's freedom of speech. Buckley and 
McCalthy contend that any limitation on the dollars provided by an in-
di\'idua l restri cts a person's right to participate freely in the electoral 
process. 

Co~on Cause's .John Gardiner was one of the proponents of the 
I; ·gtslallon . In cffect, our little story has come full circle. One or Ronald 
I!(' agan 's staunch!'s t supporters has bcen Senator Buckley. So in Orange 
c.ount.\· there arc p'eopl(' who support Ronal<l Reagan, who is close to Sen . 
Buckley . 

However, the same peoplr also support Common Cause, an 
organi7.ation that Srn . Buckley rega rds with distaste. And Common 
('a use was told by McCarthy 's cam paign manager to stick th 'ir inquiril's 
II'h(,t'e they might drspitc the fact tharCommon Cause probably supports 
m,lny of the programs or that Prcsidential ca ndidate. 

Then thel'e was the news out of Was hington that S n. Barry Goldwater 
Itas ('hanged his party registration rrom Hepubli l'an to Socialist Workcl's. 
I'I n inrormant close to Goldwater sail!' that the Scnator had made hi s 
(If'ci sion hecausr ....... 

TRB ... 
wrong people, maylJc, in World 
War II ... " 

Now he is running 
aga in - against government 
Spending, pennisslveness,. por-
nography, filth, crime, taxes, 
letting the super-rich go free. 

" This country," he says, "has got 
to have some shaking up-a 
spiritual awakening." That's the 
appeal to the woodwork vote. He 
adds poignantly, "I'm stronger in 
the shoulders and anns than [ ever 
was," 

.• rIf~.I.,1 n.~ Page 3 

The Anti-CIA and Saxon: For the Record 
Coalition Statement of Clarification 

Due to the recent media 
coverage of the demonstration at 
UCSD on Tuesday, November 25, 
involving University of California 
(UC) President David Saxon, 
UCSD student groups and 
organizations and members of the 
San Diego corrunUllity, there is a 
need for a statement of 
clarification of those events. 

Throughout a question-and-
answer session with UCSD 
students that Tuesday, Saxon 
displayed a lack of concern in his 
responses to questions posed by 
representatives from 
organizations which had been 
scheduled to participate in the 
" dialogue." 

For example, wnen questioned 
by a member of the Disabled 
Students Union about special 
services for handicapped students 
at ue, Saxon replied that he " had 
no quarrel with it," but was 
" ignorant" and " unaware" of 
funding plans to implement those 
services. 

Saxon continued to be evasive 
and indifferent to questions raised 
by the Anti-CIA Coalition about the 
University's relationship to the 
CIA specifica lly that ' 
organization 's recruitment and 
contracts with UC. Finally, when 
urged to respond, his position 
shifted to a strong defense of the 
" right" of the CIA to be on campus 
and this concluded the question-
and-answer period. 

The march to the meeting place 
of the Academic Senate arose 
spontaneously from the audience 
as a result of their dissatisfaction 
with Saxon's handling of the 
questions. 

At this point, the UCSD ad-
ministrators chose to allow Saxon 
to walk to the Academic Senate 
meeting rather than use the 
vehicle previously provided for 
this purpose. 

In an effort to lose the marchers, 
UCSD officials accompanying 
Saxon led him and the group 
through a class of more than 300 
students, thereby disrupting it. 
From here, the administrative 
escorts chose a meandering course 
to the Academic Senate meeting 
room which had been relocated 
from its original site without in-
fonning 28 students who had 
ea rlier been scheduled to observe 
the meeting. 

Upon arriving at the Academic 
Senate (which had yet to be con-
vened) , Saxon spoke briefly to 
UCSD Chancellor William 
McElroy and then exited with him, 
still followed by the students. 
. From this point , Saxon was led 

by the administrators on an 
aimless walk which passed several 
campus police cars in which he 
could have taken refuge but 
ignored. At no point during this 
purposeless parade was the group 
told to disperse; this can be in-
terpreted as an attempt to prolong 
the situation and thus promote the 
possibility of an incident. 

During the course of the march, 
Saxon was at no time abused by the 
group. To the contrary : Students 
were shoved, pushed and struck by 
University officials. The reported 
incident of an individual spitting at 
Saxon in no way reflected the 
general behavior of the group. 

In fact, in an interview after the 
demonstration, Chief of UCSD 

Campus Police Hugh French said: 
" .. .I didn't feel (they) held any 
intent towards violence." 

The Anti-CIA Co~lition rejects 
the University's policy of com-
plicity with the CIA, especially the 
smokescreen of Affinnative Action 
regarding CIA recruitment on 
campus. We feel that given CIA 
activities abroad - especially in 
Third World nations - it is sinister 
that the CIA poses as an 
organization sensitive to the needs 
of oppressed minorities within the 
United States when the successful 
recruitment of minorities and 
women renders the CIA more 
lethally effective abroad (and at 
hilme). 

In the face of increased o~ 
position to CIA a ctivities in 
Indochina, Mozambique, Chile and 
a growing number of countries, we 
see the CIA ominously increasing 
its domestic profile at American 
colleges and universities. Strong 
suspicion of their policy of Affir-
mative Action for minorities and 
women is aroused when the US 
Senate reports that the CIA is 
actively subverting liberation 
movements around the world. 

CIA surveillance of campuses 
which are centers of opposition to 
atrocities like the Indochinese War 
is another of their activities, as 
evidenced by the infil trat ion of the 
National Students Associa tion 
during the '60s . 

We support the 15 people who 
face charges from thei r in-
volvement in the November 25 
demonstration aga inst these ac-
tivities, while maintaining a strong 
base of opposition to any 
University contacts and contracts 
with the CIA. 

Saxon's Statement: II / Am Distressed" 
Yesterday (November 25 ), 

before his scheduled address to the 
Academic Senate on the San Diego 
campus, President David S. Saxon 
met with students and staff out-
doors on the steps of the gym-
nasium to discuss general campus 
concerns, as arranged by campus 
administrators. During this 
question and answer session, the 
primary issue voiced by the a~ 
proxjmately 300 students in at-
tendance was that of CIA 
recruitment of minority students. 

The San Diego campus ad-
ministration, at the request of the 
CIA, had sent representatives to a 
meeting in Washington, DC, in 
October to discuss how to increase 
recruitment of minorities by the 
CIA. The CIA has not, however, 
recruited on the San Diego or any 
other campus since at least 1971, 
and according to Chancellor 
William D. McElroy, the agency 
has no contracts with UC San 
Diego. 

When Dr. Saxon left the group to 
walk to the Academic Senate 
meeting, he was surrounded and 
followed by a large group of 
students. In the Senate meeting 

room he was unable to deliver his 
speech because of the disruption . 
Leaving the meeting, he was again 
followed across campus and was 
jostled by the crowd, but was 
unharmed. . He then left the 
campus in a ·police car. Chancellor 
McElroy has asked Vice Chan-
cellor Murphy to take appropriate 
action in a ccordance with 
University and campus 
reg'ula lions. 

The following sta tement was 
issued today (November 26 ) by Dr. 
Saxon regarding the incident. 

" I was bpth saddened and 
shocked by the reaction of some 
students at UC San Diego to my 
visil. It must be recognized, 
however, that my meejing with 
students and staff was organized in 
such a way as to make impossible 
any discussion of issues. The open 
air setting was instead more 
conducive to confrontation and 
that in fact is what occurred . 

" Undoubtedly, the issue which 
most angered students had to do 
with the CIA and its purported 
relations with the University. I 
abhor the recently revealed 
reprehensible a cti vities carried 

out by members of that agency in 
the name of nat ional security. But 
I abhor even more the violence 
done to reasoned discussion on the 
San Diego campus in the name of 
righteousness. I refuse to 
ac knowledge tha t even the most 
proper ends a re served by such 
improper means , especia lly so at 
the University, where intellectual 
freedom is of centra l importance. 

" I am ashamed because this 
attack on the integrity of our 
community is something we in the 
University have done to ourselves. 
I am distressed that as one result, I 
was unable to s peak to th e 
Academic Sena te which was the 
primary occasion for my visit. 
And I am especially ashamed that 
it was necessary for me to leave 
the San Diego campus of the 
University of California in a police 
car. 

':From this unfortunate event we 
must seek to find constructive 
ways to have a reasoned discussion 
with s tudents about issues that 
concern them deeply. Otherwise 
the bitter lessons will have been in 
vain." 

Vice-chancellor Murphy's memorandum to the Chancellor 
concerning the Saxon visit appears on Page 4. 

Work on the Triton Times may be for you. Positions 
for ad salespeople, newswriters and photographers 

are open. Drop by and see what we 
have to offer. 

Need a Part-time Job? 



"'I~· 
For the Recor1 Mur hy Reports to McElroy 

on Saxon Incidents 
TO : CHANCELLOR W. D. 
McEJ,ROY 

I am writin~ to frport to you thc 
resu It~ of mv initial fcvi ('w of the 
sevcral reports r ela ting to 
Pres idcnt Saxon's vis it to the 
campus on Tues day, November- 25. 
The reports, verhal a nd writl!'n, 
were filed a t my request by 
members of t he staff who werr 
prrsent during and in m ost cases 
quill' directly involved in the 
('\"rnts fo llowing the PI'esidenl's 
merting with s tudents and staff a t 
2: 15 p.m. Ukit afternoon. What 
rmrrges from that rev irw is a 
pa tc hwork of a dvanced pla nn ing, 
impromptu c hoil'!'s , instinctive 
judgements and a .progressively 
explos ive situa tion that ea: ily 
might have c1eteriorateel ('ven 
fui·ther than it did. 

Wha t hap pe ned seems to be 
rlrar. the President met with a 
group of seve ra l hundred students, 
fac ul ty and s t aff memhers, as 
scheduled, on the steps of the Gym 
from 2: 15 to a pPl"Oximately 3: 15 
fl.m. He res ponded to a com, 
hina tion of s t a tements and/or 
qu('s tions cove ring a range of 
topics for mos t of the hour: his 
comm ents we r<.' gree ted va r iously 
hy heckling, occasional jrr ri ng anel 
other evidences of d iscourt!'s\'. 
PI' rsons in attC'ndanee with whom I 
talkeel arc agrecrl, however, that 
thC' s r ssion went reasona bly well , 
under the c ' I' cumstances, until 
ahou t 3:00. 

There followed a series of 
s t a t (' ments l q u estionsl d e manels 
rega rding the Univcrsit y 's role 
with the Centrlll Inte ll igence 
Agency, a topic which, as yo u 
know, has recei\"ed cons ide r~ ble 
and impassioned attention hcre for 
th(' past several weeks. The 
Prr. 'ident's a nswers were rece ived 
rudely and with hostili ty by many 
in the crowd , plJrticularly those 
who call for immediat(' a nd total 
repudiation by the University of 
a n~' a nd a ll inst it uti ona l in-
yoh 'cment with the Agency. 
Booing, hissing and c rirs of 
" hu Ii shit" punctua t e d the se 
clos ing minutC's together with onr 
' peaker who ca lled upon the (TOWel 
to " protect " the Pre:> idcnt bv 
escorting him to the Division 
meti ng whic h was to follow. Thc 
<"luelentlstafr m eeting was trr-
minatcd by the s tudent·m odcr<ltor 
on tim e and the Presiclcnt rejected 
a p re-a rrangC'd r ide to the fa('ulty 
mC'et ing, electing instead to wa lk 
to 2622 USB. 

Some 150-200 persons, chanting, 
shouting anti-CIA slogans and 
jeering, followed the President, 
two campus police officers, at least 
one reporter and several staff 
members as they bega n the trip to 
Revelle. Within fif ty yards, while 
most of the group remained behind 
the President a nd the half-dozen 
people around him, several had 
moved to positions fla nking and 
immediately ahead of the 
President and his "party." One or 
two of those pers on i, both s tudents, 
deliberately begal! to slow dQwn 
with the appa rent purpose of 
impeding the Pres'dent 's progress. 
They were pUShe\i along and the 
trek continued. The s lowing 
process was repe; ted a t least ont! 
more t ime, as the g roup a p-
proached the Re' el Plaza , and 
was answered a s te[QI·e. 

The President, hL'i immediate 
escort and some 01 the following 
crowd (perhaps 75-100 persons) 
ente red 2622 USB , at a p-
proximately 3:20-3 :25, to find you, 
some 40 faculty members and as 
many as 50 others already :n the 
Il'cl ure hall. The clapping , chant· 
ing a nd shouting tha t had marked 
the wa lk over c ontinued unabated 
in 2622. Within mi nutes , the 
Pres ident, after diSCUSSIOns with 
staff, apparently concluded t hat he 

would be unable to deliver his 
scheduled speech and, with you, 
the two police orficers and several 
staff members, left the room. 
Again, as many a s. 75-100 
protestors followed and were 
joined outside by perhaps an equal 
number of persons. 

(Some minutes later, the 
Division meeting was convened by 
the chairman, and after some 
confusion, he- asked for and 
secured support for a letter of 
apology to the President; the 
meeting was then adjourned. j 

The procession outside followed, 
as you know, an impromptu route, 
initially heading in the direct ion of 
the Revelle Provost's office, then 
veering toward and over the 
pedestrian bridge spa nning 
Gilman Drive, moving to the 
plJrking lot adjacent to the Basic 
Sciences Building, then going north 
toward your office a nd 11 wait ing 
campus police car a t the Matthews 
flllgpole . It was during th is jour-
ney, from a pproximately 3:30 until 
4: 10 p.m ., that the situation got 
most serIOus . 

In all , as many as 12-15 persons 
among the crowd attempted 
physically by locking anns and by 
sta tioning themselves in front of or 
encircling the President to block 
his route, once in the area of the 
vehicle ba rricr on the service road 
behind Revelle, repeatedly on the 
approach to the bridge, again at 
the east (or far ) end of the bridge 
and then sporadically thereafter 
until the President left the campus 
in the waiting police vehicle. It was 
during this period, also, that one or 
more unidentified persons spat on 
the Pres ident, threw a water 
balloon at him, shoved and jostled 
those immediately surrounding 
him and were pushed and shoved 
out of the way by the staff m em-
bers trying to ensure his passage. 
The mood in the crowd closest to 
the President was characterized as 
angry, threatening, openly hos tile, 
abusive, potentially dangerous. 

What is equally clear is that 
many students, the accompanying 
police officers and staff members 
actively sought to cool the situation 
down, acted with considerable 
restra in t a nel we re proba bl y 
Instrumental in keeping things 
from escalating still further . One 
graduate student, for example, 
drew another, . highly agitated 
student away from the President, 
took a rolled-up newsPllper (which 
she had been brandishing at him) 
from her and ke pt her from 
rejoining the fray. There are in-
dications that others acted in like 
fashion . 

As the crowd, by now numbering 
fewer than 100 persons, neared the 
parked squad car, a bout half broke 
toward the car , surrounded it and 
made difficult the process of 
getting the President into it. The 
ca r windows, hood a nd roof were 
pounded on brierly before the of-
fice r driving the vehicle was able 
to get a path cleared for its exit. 
The President was transported , as 
you know, to Unive rs ity House a nd 
subsequently" left for his return 

f1ig~t to the Bay Area. 
The President, so fa r as I can 

determine, was not struck or 
kipked during this forty minute 
rcriod though he dJld those around 
him were certamly snoved and 
jostled. His coat , published repo~ts 
to the contrary, was neither torn 
nor ripped from his back. But he 
and others were placed in a 
dangerous a nd threate ning 
s ituation by persons apparently 
reacting spontaneously and with 
litlle rega rd for the consequences 
to the m ood of the crowd 
surrounding the President. 

The events I have described, in 
plJ rticular the repea ted blocking 
and physically threatening in-
cidents, would a ppear to const itute 
viola t ions of th e Universi ty 

Standard of Conduct which 
prohibits, among other types of 
misconduct: 

" Physical abuse or conduct 
that threatens the health or safety 
of any person on Univer-
sity .. . property; and 

" Failure to comply with 
directions of a University of-
ficial...or resisting, delaying or 
obstructing such ... official in the 
performance of or the attempt 0 
perform (his ) duties ." 

Accordingly, I recommend that 
campus ' disciplinary action be 
instituted forthwith regarding the 
fifteen or so persons, in total, who 
sought to threaten, block or 
otherwise impede the President's 
free movem ent on the campus. J 
am prepared to notify each of these 
persons of the nature of the 

Continued on Page 8 

Saxon, CIA ... 
by the students. 

After the hour meeting, Saxon 
walked to the Academic Senate 
meeting in USB-2622, surrounded 
by shouting students and ap-
prehensive administrators. He 
arrived at the Senate meeting with 
what the campus police estimated 
to be 40 to 50 students. The 
students continued their demands 
for more time and answers from 
Saxon. 

At that" point, Saxon decided to 
leave the meeting and walk to the 
chancellor'S office on Matthews 
campus, rejecting the offer of a· 
ride in a police car waiting just 
outside USB 2622. 

It was during this walk that 
several students and three non-
students linked arms and at-
tempted to stop Saxon's walk to the 
Chancellor'S complex. 

The students involved in trying 
to block Saxon's path were iden-
tified from interviews with student 
affairs s taff members and 
photographs taken by the public 
affairs office. 

In addition , television stations 
and neWSPllpers present at the 
demonstration were asked if they 
would cooperate with the 
Univers ity by providing film and 
photographs. All the media that 
were asked to help turned the 
University down, with the ex-
ception of the San Diego Union. 
However, the Union was never 
asked suooequently to provide any 
pictures. 

Teletype Message 

At the same time Saxon was 
formulating his press s tatement on 
the demonstration (see PlIge 3), he 
sent a teletype message to UCSD 
asking the three top ad-
mini s trators at UCSD thes e 
questions: 

--What do you think your 
responsibilities are down there? 

- Where were you during the 
demonstra tion ? 

- Do you think your leniency with 
the Graduate Students Union had 
anything to do with the demon-
stra tion? 

- What have you learned from 
this? 

Chance llor McElroy, viee-
Chance llor for Administration 
Bernard Sisco and vice-Chancellor 
for Academic affairs P a ul Saltman 
answered the questions in writing. 

A source in the administra tion 
who saw the administrators' 
rcsponses said they we re generally 
cri tical of the UC pres ident's ac-
lions on Nov . 25. 

The source a lso sa id that Saxon 
was so angr y with the responses 
that he called the campus Dec. 5 
and ended the conversation by 
hanging up on two administrators . 

!\Iollday. Jaa_ry 5.1t7I 

Board Recommends 
Farms Development 

by Alan Russell 
Swff Writl'r 

Til<' UC Scm OiC'go Boal'd of O\"rrsr{'l's, a ~5 membe\" gl'oup of businc'ss 
and c h 'i<- )('mler!< that advi ses Chanc'('llol' McEh'o\', has recommended 
that thl' 24-a!TI' La .Jolla Fal'ms horsr stabll' anll nw'l'track wDull1 make a 
slIitahk s itl' for n 'si.i('ntial <lnd commC'l'eial dc\"l'lopmrnt. 

ThC' hO:II"I)'s dl'ci sion. which stopprd just short of endors lIlg devl'l0l>-
m('llt of thc land, was iss li/'d uftrr a l"/'quC'st from M('Elro~' to I"l'eommend 

pos~· i hle uses for th(' UC-owned 1<11111. Various committ('('s from the Boanl 
of O\'rrsecl's had br('n stlldyinj.( elif[rl'l'nt proposals sim'(' I' lst March. 

Bnught ill 1967 
Thl' land in qucs tion wa s part of 1:l0 ;](Trs purchased in 1967 for $:I.i 

million. Currcntly thel'c is some controvrrsy over the land not he lll g 
I.<lxed ami jus t Idt " sillill j.( there." with statl' Sen .. Jolm Stull I ll · 
I ,('uemlill I hrllli ing thr group oppose(1 to its prrs('nt ta x·frpc' status. 

Thc Graduate Stlldrnt Union (nsu) ha s ;llso askr d fol' improv('ment or 
s;l lr of thr r!'al estatr. Thr GSU be lieves thc salr of the 11I nd could provldr 
the ncceSSi\n · funds to mert thcir drma nels. 

lIowe\"rr . hoth hon n l mt' mbers and Univrrsity offici al:> a rr strong ly 
opposcd to se lling the ];lIld for a numh(' r of rrasons. Among them ar l' its 
growing ('ommerri <ll pot('ntia l, as well as th!' possihility of kceping thc 
land so thllt it might serve flltun' neefis of the campus . 

One subcommittre of the Board of Overseers, headcd by San Diego 
illisilw ssma n George A. Scott, pl'rpan'cl a repolt on uses for th land . The 
report concl uded that a mult ipurpose dev(']opm('nt with a bout 500 
dwclli ng un its a nd ,I sma ll shopping centl' r could bl' hui lt fOl' lIbout $11 
million. The fig ure was r r ached aftcr consultations wi th lI rchi tccts, 
hui lders ami ri t~ ' pl.mnr rs. 

The fina l deci!' ion rrga rd ing usc of thr land rr sts with the UC Boa rd of 
Rrgr nts. 

Energy Coalition Hits 
SDG&E Rate Hikes 

Last month, the Public Utilities 
Commission (PUC) slashed almost 
$78 million from a San Diego Gas & 
Electric rate increase request. 
This action came after the PUC 
had given continuous rate hikes to 
SDG&E over the last y.ear. 

The PUC cited the evidence 
presented by the San Diego Energy 
Coalition against the rate hike as a 
major fact9r influencing its 
decision to cut SDG&E's budget 
request. Formed in May to battle 
SDG&E rate hikes and energy 
policies, the coalition worked all 
summer preparing the evidence-

. that went into the PUC hearings in 
Octobe r . 

Currently, for the coalition is 
working at the PUC hearings on 
SDG&E's request for $101.8 million 
general rate increase. 

10 Groups 

The coalition is made up of ten 
organizations, according to 
member Fritjo Theygson. They 
are Consumer Power, CALPirg, 
the New American Movement (a 
nationwide democratic-socialism 
movement), the Grey Panthers, 
People for Proof (a group formed 
around the upcoming nuclear 
safeguard initiative), Equilibrium 
(a controlled population group), 
Coalition of Elders, the Center for 
Radical Education and the Tom 
Hayden Senate campaign. 

The first two groups, Thygeson 
said , caUed the original coalition 
meeting. 

The coalition has presented 
opposition toSDG&E's requests for 
rate increases, founders say, 
because it feels that the cor· 
poration is trying to increase its 
budget at unnecessary expense to 
consumers . According to Madeline 

GSU ••. 
keeping classes open during an 
indefinite TA strike. 

All academic dePllrlments have 
been asked by the administration 
to prepare such phins, and a 
meeting is scheduled today to 
discuss those plans. 

Classes Kept Open 
Graduate student dean Manuel 

Rotenberg recently told the San 
Olego Union that if there is a strike 
"There's no question but that we 
will keep the classes going. The 
question is by what means." 

Pla ns outlined by Rotenberg 
include faculty taking over sec-
tions or the restructuring of class 
schedules to eliminate some of the 

Marini, a founder of the coalition, 
SDG&E has " made unrealistically 
large projections for energy use 
and population growth." 

SDG&E's assertion that more 
nuclear power plants are needed to 
keep down power rates is based on 
these 'over-inflated' projections, 
Marini said. 

Marini said SDG&E's support of 
the San Onofre Nuclear Power 
Plant could be a "waste of money 
and energy" in light of the Nuclear 
Safeguards Initiative on the ballot 
next June. " It looks like the 
initiative will pass and that would 
shut down San Onofre. Then 
people will have to start looking 
into geothermal power," Marini 
commented. 

Evacuation Plans 

The coalition was recently in-
volved in a petition drive urging 
the publication of evacuation plans 
of areas surrounding nuclear 
power plants. By law, all nuclear 
plants must publish evacuation 
plans for the area surrounding 
them in case of radiation leakage. 
At present, the plans have not been 
published for area plants, making 
them useless in an emergency. 

Marini stated that the coalition 
has no officIal position on 
mWlicipalization of SDG&E, or 
utilities in general. "Some 
members are proponents of 
publicly .• owned utilities, some 
aren't ," she said. In the next 
several weeks, the Coalition will be 
gauging public opinion at San 
Diego State on the subject of 
municipalization. 

" Our main project will be the 
PUC hearings, which will last 
through March," Marini said. 

need for TAs. 
Rotenberg does not think that 

hiring people from outside the 
university " is the way to go." 

The GSU negotiating committee 
met with graduate student dean 
Manuel Rotenberg and his 
a ssistant Jean Fort through 
December 15, according to union 
member Tom Lewis . There was 
"significant progress" on the idea 
of year·long contracts for graduate 
s tudents, Lewis said. 

Lewis didn :t want to comment 
more specifically on the sessions, 
preferring to wait for the 
Negotiating Committee's report to 
the GSU membership Th/cSday. 

Munday. Januar)' 5,1117' 

WHAT'S ON: 1/5-1/11 
A ny event in or around the UC Sail Diego commllnity is eligible for inclusion in WHA T'S ON. . 
Please use the style and format you see below for submissions. 
Tur,! them. in either to the student center by 4 pm Thursday, or to 

the Triton TImes by 4 pm Friday_ 

MONDAY 
10-4 :30 pm - Art Exhibit. A new exhibit of Albert Valenticn wa tercolors is open at the S,1I1 

Diego Na tural History Museum. The exhibit will continue through January 19 in the mll in 
noor exhibit area . 

I pm - Christian prayer meeting. Student Center lounge conference room. 
3 pm - Meeting of the Chancellor's Advisory CommI ttee on the Handicapped in the 

Disabled Student Center next to the Revelle Commons . 
4 pm - Seminar. ProCessor G. S. S. Ludford, Department oC Theoretical and Appli('rI 

Mechanics. Cornell University. will speak on "Extinction oC Deflagrali ng Condensates". 7104 
Ure.'" Hall. 

4:30 pm ·· Seminar. Dr. Dennis C. Quinlan. The Worcester Foundation for F:xperiment;,1 
Bio logy: Tra nsport properties of plasma membrane vesicles from actively gl'owing, 
quit'scent. ami transCormed 31'3 cells. 2100 BasieScience Building. 

5-~ pm - Clink at the Birth Control Center is open. AppointmenL~ are necessary. ClI 1l 452· 
2669. 

fi pm - M~eting of the Christian Science Orga nization. Blake Conference Room. 
7: 30 PM-Film-Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory and Quakser Fortune Has a Cousin 

in the Bronx. Mandeville Center Aud. Admission $1.00. 

TUESDAY 
9·3 pm .- Birth Control Center is open for information and to make appointments in the 

Student Hellith Center. This service is for students and student partners. 
1 pm - Christi an praye r mee ting. Student Center lounge conference room. 
3 pm - German Films, Mandeville Auditorium. Contempora ry films by Ge rman film· 

makers. Free. 
r, pm - JV B~sketball Team vs. St. Dominguez Hills_ UCSD, UCSD Main Gym. 
8 pm - Varsity Basketball Team vs. St. Dominguez Hills, UCSD main gym. 

:Hi PM· Film- Gennan Film Makers . Mandeville Center Aud. Admission FREE. 
7:30 PM-.Fllm-The Little Prince Rhinoceros and Everything You Wanted to Know About 

Se x. MandeVIlle Center Aud. Admission $1.00. 
7: 30-Drama-Auditions. UCSD Theater Production of "The Good Woman of Setzuan." 409 

MC. 

WEDNESDAY 
I pm - Christian prllyc r meeting. Student Center lounge conf erence room. 
1 pm - Meeting of the Disabled Student Union in the Disa bled Student Center next to the 

Hl'\·clle Common.~ , Everyone welcome to attend. 
4 pm - Seminar. Dr. Jan S. F. Jones, Department of the Defense (Navy) will speak on "The 

SCa ling of Turbulence in the Ocean Mixed Layer." 7104 Urey Hall. 
4:30 pm - Dr. Hennan Kalckar, Department of biochemistry, Harvard Mcrlical School , 

Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts: Regulation of transport in trans-
formed fibroblasts. Host : Dr. Morrie Friedkin. 2)05 Bonner Hall. 

5-n pm·· Clinil' althe Birth Control Center ... see Monday . 
7::10 pm - Meeting of the T.~ident Christia n Fellowship. North Conference room, student ('('nter. . 
3~ PM·FIlm-Gennan Film Makers . Mandeville Center Au!!. Admission FREE. 
5: 30-8 : 30-Meeting·B.R.G. North Conference Room. 
7: 00 PM· Fourth College..()rientation & Entertainment. Ree. Center MC. 
7: 30 PM-FILM-"Blazing Saddles & Young Frankenstein . Mandeville Center Aud. Admission 

$1. 00. 
7:30 PM·Drama-Auditions. UCSD Theater Production of "The Good Woman of Setzuan." 

409 MC. 

THURSDAY 
3-6 PM·Film-German Film Makers. Mandeville Center Aud. Admission FREE. 
4 PM·Lectur~alk Institute. Dr. Jerry Fodor, Department of Psychology M.I.T. will talk 

On the " Meaning of Language ." Seminar Room. 
4 :30-Meetlng-A.F.S.C.M.E. Conference Room A MC. 
7 PM·Fourth College·Forum. Pro~ram Board meeting after Corum. Rec. Center MC. 
8 PM-Film-Gene Wilder film and eminar with Gene Wild er. Mand evi lle Center Auef. Ad nll~s lon U("SD Students $1.50. General Public $2.00. 
9·3 pm - Birth Control Center ... see TuescL1 Y. 
I pm·· Christian praye r meeting. Student Centl' r lounge conference room. 
6 pm _. Meeling of the Triton Wargaming Society. 9021'ioga Hall. 
6 pm - Women's Basketball All-Cal Tourney through Saturday in the Inll in gl'm. 
r. Ilm - Meeting of the Muir Outing Club, APM 2402. . 

(.8 pm - Gcne Wilder J-'Ihn a nd Seminar . Mandev ilk Auciiton ulll. UCSf) studrnts' $1 50 
,l'n('ra I public : $2.50. . . . . 

FRIDAY 
10 am -- "pl'n ml'eti ll l( of thr I nstitut(, for Continued l.earmng. All inh'restl'd p('l"sons In thl' 

commu ni ty ,ir invited to parl! (, lpatf' 1I1 ,Ill Informal panel d,scus.s ,on conce rmng thr ex-
[x'm 'nn's of four tnlvl'l('rs who have recenll.1 returned Crom mllinland ("hlna . Shdr~ 111111)(' 
-holl'n . Ex1cnsion classroom. Rldg. 1O:IA. Ma tthcws camp'ls. 

I pm - Christain pr'I.I'er merli ng. Student Cl'ntl' r lou ngc conference room. 
i pm - Ml'l"!i ll ~ of till' Campus Crusade for Christ. WlIlzer Commons. 
8 pm - Varsi ty Baskdball Team vs. I.i Cr ('oll('ge at I ,os Angell·s. 
8 pm Cien/.' Wilder Film P rcvicI\ . Ma nlirvl ll e Au di torium. "Sherlock Holme's' Younger 

Brother ." UCSD studr nts: $2. General publi l': $:1. 
3-6 PM-Film-German Film Makers. Mandeville Center Aud. Admiss ion FREE. 
Noon-) PM·Concert-Student Center. 
8 PM-Film-Gene Wilder Film Preview. Sherlock Holms ' Younge r Brother. Mandeville 

Center Aud. Admission UCSD Students $2.00. General Public $3.00. . 

SATURDAY 
All·Day Tournllrnent. Rugby I. II men and women vs. Arizona Sl.<I tc in Ph()(,nl." 
8 pm .. La Jolla Civh-/Univl'rsi ty Symphony, Mandeville AuditOrium. "&'rl'nad(' for 

Str ings" bl" Elgar. ··SUlte No. I " b,· Strav inskv and " ConcCl"to Cor GUita r" bl Villa· l.ohos. All 
students: $1.25. General public: s:i. Ti 'kcts aVlI ilablc at the Student Cenh';' Box OfficI'. Thl' 
Turntable, I_a .Joll a, and li t the door. 

3~ PM-Film-German Film Makers. Ma ndeville Center Aud. Admission FREE. 
7 :30 & 10 PM·Film-Stavinsky. 2722. Admission $1.00. 

8 PM-Con~ert..La J olla/University Symphony. "Serenade for Strings" by·Elger. "Suite No. 
I " bj' ~tavillsky a nd " Concerto for Guitar" by Villa-Lobos. Mandeville Center Aud. 
AdmISS ion Students $1.00. General Public $3.00. Tickets available at the student center box 
offi ce, The Turnwble, La Jolla and at the door. 

SUNDAY 
Noon - 5 PM·Art-Arte Picante . Concerts, poetry readings, and art exhibition. 216 Man-

deVIlle Center. AdmISSIOn FREE. 
3-6 PM·Film-Cerman Film Makers. Mandeville Center Aud. Admission FREE. 

C:ontf'mpo rary Chicano Art Exhibit, Mandevillc Art Ga ller.I·. "Arte Picantc." Through 
Fehru ary 6. Gallery Hours : Noon to 5:00 p.m. Sun-F rio 

12 Noon - Opening Ccll'bratinn, Ma ndevi lle Center. Gall ry exhibition Isee abovel, music 
and poctry unti l 5\30 p.m. 

:1 pm - La :lolla Civic/ Univers ity Symphony. Sherwood Hall . La Jolla Museum of Con-
temporary Art. Sec Jan . 10, 8:00 pm Co r dctails. 

WORSHIP FOR StudcnL~ and Staff at Univcrsit l"'Comrnunitv Church' 
Ca tholic-8 :3O and 5 pm. '.' 
Luther<l n· JO am. 
Episcopal·II :3O am. 

LOOK S SKIMPY? 
It is skimpy_ However, WHAT'S ON will 
expand to its u ual girth next week_ In 
the meantime, be s ure to submit your 
.annoullcements for indu iOll here to our 
offices -- II? Blake Hall -- by II pm each 
Friday_ Any event on or aroulld the. 
U C San Diego campus is eligible_ 

And remember our weekly photo co .. test: 
submit ~ny black and white print you may 
have sitting around to the Triton Tint 
II pm each Friday_The Tritun Times will pay 
a fur each phutu phuto it uses , Big deal. 



Movies 
olson Cuts Up in "Cuckoo's Nest" 

"ODe flew Ovet The Cuckoo'. 
Neat" 
Wrttte. By fi,o I Goldman and 
Lawreace'l'umu 
Directed By MIlos Forman 

To be aberrant is to be excused. 
To be out of wack is to be in a state 
of existential grace. To be insane is 
to be laughed at, rationalized and 
most of all to be imminently en-
tertaining. "One Flew Over The 
Cuckoo's Nest" works most ef-
fectively, in print and film form, 
when it abandons its peripheral 
stabs at profundity for pure Kat-
zenjammer Kids cutups. We come 
out of both book and movie 
responding the way we do to good 
soap opera and slapstick, alter-
nately laughing and crying. 

The probJem with the book is that 
the human condition placards are 
clearly and blatantly hung over the 
characters. The scurrying, frantic, 
rebellious nuts are Us, You Or Me 
and Everyman, Little Man . 
Randall Macrnurphy is a com-
bination of Paul Bunyon, Jack 
Armstrong and Leo Gorcey, 
cajoling, I'xtolling, pushing and 
shoving the loonies to think for 
themselves. 

Milos Forman's film is markedly 
superior because the emphasis is 
switched from the, dramatic center 
to the comic surface. It is by turns 
hilarious, absurd and pathetic. It 
is engrossing from beginning to 
end. It constantly begs feeling, 
yoking it at every possible 
moment. 

Forman and his scenarists have 
shaved off the facilely edifying 
metaphors of Kesey's piety-ridden 
cuckoos. The movie is an un-
mistakable "indomnability of the 
human spirit" tract, but the focus 
is on roustabouting, not revelation . 

As such, it is every bit as 
ingratiating as Kesey's original, 
but it waters down the pulverizing 
points. We are too delighted in our 
involvement with the cast's loony 
antics to really consider the moral 

inconsistencies of the film's 
themes. 

Most of this is due to Jack 
Nicholson't mercurial presence. 
As more than a few critics have 
noted, Nicholson is perfect for the 
part of Macmurphy. All of Mac-
murphy's qualities-his caginess, 
his braggadacio, his macho 
idealism and his vivacious anarchy 
are precisely the traits that have 
won Nicholson most of his plaudits. 
Nicholson has a just-right blend of 
arrogance and compassion. He can 
win an audience over by a leer, a 
grin, a bellow or an explosion. He is 
probably the most malleable, 
dynamic actor on the screen today. 
Only Martin Sheen and Robert De 
Niro have displayed anything near 
the total sense of movement and 
nuance that Nicholson polishes his 
performances with, and they 
haven 't the massive appeal that he 
has. 

In "Cuckoo's Nest" Nicholson . 
piles on the cocksure charm, but is 
intelligent enough to veer steadily 
from directing that charm too 
effusively. He is not a world-beater 
like Paul Newman in "Cool Hand 
Luke," or even the Macmurphy of 
the novel. He is a rabblerousing 
troublemaker, and that is how 
Nicholson plays him. Although the 
part is readymade for Nicholson, 
having already etehed a minor 
variation of it in "The Last 
Detail, :t would be nice to see him 
receive the recognition from the 
industry that he has long deserved ; 
not just for this, but also for the 
hard-edged, wholly different 
characterizations he created in 
" The Fortune" and "The 
Passenger." 

The performances of Louise 
Fletcher as Nurse Ratchett, Will 
Sampson as Big Chief, and Wiijiam 
Refield as the "sanest" lunatic are 
quietly observed, for the most part. 
The cartoon caricatures of the 
novel have been replaced by a 
more aware approach to the 
salient qualities of human 
behavior. However, the sensitive 
rendering of characters leaves us 

wanting to know as much about the 
other people as we do about 
Macmurphy. 

Then, too, there is the generally 
hands~rr direction of Forman and 
the cl'isp, clean photography of 
Haskell Wexler and Bill Butler. 
Fonnan, usually all too willing to 
display his superior attitude 
towards his movie pawns is 
notorious for the ugly , con-
descending "Fireman's Ball" and 
Taking Off." At his most extreme, 
Fonnan reminds me of Robert 
Altman, another movie maker 
whobe most recognizable signature 
is the contempt he displays for his 
own projects. 

Perhaps Forman was strait-
jacketed by the enormous com-
mercial potential of this movie. 
Whatever the reason, working with 
a camera eye like Wexler 's has had 
the same beneficial effect that 
collaborating with Claude Renoir 
on "Thieves Like Us" had on 
Altman: it disciplined him. The 
images in "Cuckoo's Nest" are all 
cool, sedate, with a scrubbed 
surface texture that keeps the 
movie looking level-headed. 

In fact, what is wrong with the 
movie is only what it has in com-
mon with the book . It collapses at 
the moments when it cannot leave 
well enough alone and be what it 
is; a superior comedy of "The 
Longest Yard" mold. For at its 
core, " One Flew Over The 
Cuckoo's Nest" is morally 
~acuous. ,It never proposes an 
alternative to the medical tyranny 
it denounces. It presents us with 
two hours of naughty good guys 
versus benevolent bad guys and 
throws them away with a juvenile 
climax. The final ten minutes are 
unbearably solemn. Nurse Rat-
chett becomes the Big Bad Bertha 
of Kesey's book, Billy Bibbit 
becomes dying proof that all nuts 
need is a drink and a good lay to 
cure them (but please don't tell 
Mommy,) Macmurphy is 
·crucified, and Big Chief flies over 
the cuckoo's nest, heading straight 

• for a gorgeous setting sun. 

Actor Gene Wilder to Appear Here in Film and in Person 

The UC San Diego Campus Programming Board will present a Gene Wilder film festival throughout the 
week at the Mandeville auditorium. 

Tonight "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory" and "Quackser Fortune has a Cousin in the Bronx" 
will be screened. Tomorrow night "The Little Prince," " Rhinocerous" and the sheep sketch from 
" Everything You Wanted to Know about Sex but were Afraid to Ask" will be shown. Mel Brook's " Blazing 
Saddlcs" and " Young Frankenstein" (which was co-authored with Wilder) will be shown Wednesday night. 
Show time for these fi lms will be 7: 30. 

Wilder will be on hand Thursday for a seminar and Friday for a preview showing of his new movie, 
"Sherlock Holme's Smarter Brother." Both of these eve[lts will begin at 8 pm. 

Gen. Wilder •• "ron .on f,. ... n.t.In'. ,Nnd.on in the fll .. "'" .. fNnIc .... t.In," which 
eMutho,," with M.I Brooks. Wlldtr'. new MO.it, "SII.rIock Holm.'. StMrt.r Irother," will 
pre.i •• here on friMy. 

BLUES 
By Robert Nei£ and Anthony ColUlor 

Godine, $7.95, 142 pp. 

"The blues are not wrote," says Johnny Shines, ':the blues arc lived." 
AmI here . in part, are the stor ies of 55 people who have Jived a nd sung and 
played the most distinctive of native American art forms, the blues. 

Some will say that the bluesmen who tell their sto ries in this book arc 
already a vanishing breed, that the blues startcd to die' as soon as they 
were brought north, commercialized, marketed and so ld , that the only 
rcal blucs rencct the rhyttuns of the poor southern delta lands where 
most of these men struggled up from nothing, 

Louis Myers, a 46-year-old Chicago blues artist by way of Byhalia, 
Mississ ippi , believes it himse lf. "The blues has no future," he says, 
"They're promoting it for the money but they know who to drop when 
times get tough. And that's what'll happen to the blues. Whcn it stops 
making money, the promoters will cut it all loose. It ' ll just die over· 
night." 

F.:ven the authors, who traveled for two yea rs collecting photogr.lphl 
and the oral testimony of these men, admit that they worked " with a 
strong sense of lost time and vanishing opportunities." Many of the voices 
in " Blues" are those of aged men ; other vOices have longslncequavered 
and stopped. 

All the more reason for having this book, and having it now. Even if it is 
true, as guita rist/singer J .B. Hutto believes, that the blues' "a rc coming 
hack up again," it is important to know where they're coming back from , 
and this book gives us a very good idea . 

The mll~ icians talk about many things- childhoods (usually unhappy 
<lnd migratory,) marriages (oft('n ending in divorce 01' separiltion ,l 

povert~' (too many musicians. too little money.) and finally, thc music, 
ofh'n the only thread of contin uit.l· in otherwisc directionless and un· 
fulfilling lil'es. 

Of the 55 musidans interviewccl, :19 a rc from the four-stall' area of 
Mississippi , Louisia na, Arkansas and Tennesse , a nd many sIX",k with 
thl' instinctive talrnt of the rural storytl'lIrr. Honeyhoy Edw,II'(ls, a 

I ' ('t~ran bluesman from Shaw Mississippi (now l,i ving, like so miAny, in 
r:hH'ago, I could ha ve bern a first-class writer. so fluid and cffortless arc 
his accou nts of his first job, his worst fight , hi s cm igration to Chicago, 
and the dCilth of his wifr of 24 years , 

But my favoritc of all the excel\rnt stories comes from guitarist WlHi, 
Di\on, 60-yeilr-old native of Vicksburg, Mississippi. " In the beginning, 
Adam harl the blucs, cause he was lonesome. So God helped him and 
(Teatrd a woman. Now ever~ 'body\ got the blues." 

THE ORIGINS OF JOHNNY 
ByMalcolm Ross Macdonald 

Knopf, $7.95,96 pp. 

- JOHNLLOOM 

It' s unfortunate that the title of thi:; book suggests it is for children, 
Il('causc it's not. Although childrcn under 14 will surcly gain !;ome insights 
from the book, it is rcally for that vast majority of Americans who 
thei r study of !;cicnce with 10th-gradc biology, or maybe took a couple of 

(' hcmistr~' or phys i('s courses in collegc and then gave it ~p. 
It is for those of us who remember bib and pieces of scientifk 

tr rminology-amino acids, sup rnova, Austrilopithccus, holisllc In· 
trlligencc, nuclcotide, Pangca, sugar-phosphates, chlorophyll-out wno 
hUI'e forgotten. or never quite figurcd out. how they all fit togethcr to 
makr m<1n and the universe. 

Ross Macdonald, mcdically-cd ucated Englishman who ha s devotccl his 
life to turning complicated scientific jargon into rcadable pros, has putit 
all together in this entl'rtaining account of the origins of man. He 
manages to link the fields of biology, chemistry, genetics, anthropology, 
geology , astronomy , physics and biochemistry in an informative 
narrative that hegins with the Big Bang theory of creation and proceeds 
through the birth of the ccll. evolution. reproduction, language, in· 
telligence, culture and all elsc that has made man unique. Beautifully 
colored iIIustl'ations (some a bit disorganized, unfortunatel~ , rom· 
plement the pleasant, often humorOlls prose. 

The book, of COUi'se, is slIperfidill - and meant to br- but emincntl)' 
morr cnlightening than the avcrag(' " layman's" science book, which 

ustla ll~' raises more questions than it answcr~. 
- MARY F:LSON 

, 

PSA tel Is 
UC San DIego to 
""0 off " ..... 
.tlma. 
ad. 

,. 

1lI 

--

-

Monday, January 5,197& Page 7 

Pre-Christmas Basketball 
, 

T ~itons Lose Five Straight '" Sports Notebook 
by Scott SatlD 

Aulllaa. sportB Editor 
minutes left in the contest, UCSD 
lost control over the pace of the 
action, were tied a t the end of 
regular play, and lost in overtime, 
73~9. 

winning 103-62. Oxy completely 
dominated every facet of the 

I game. 
bY' Dave Eisen 
Sports e~i tor The UC San Diego basketball 

squad suffered through a tough 
pre-Christmas holiday schedule , 
losing five strllight games after a 
lone win over Ufe College. 

Lack of size and scoring punch 
plagued the Tritons as they tried to 
hold their own against a string of 
larger more experienced op-
ponents. 

Mallory Mitchell and Mark 
Dobransky led UCSD's limited 
scoring during this lean stretch of 
play, both players averaging close 
to thirteen points a game. 

After trouncing little-talented 
Life 117-27, in a game that was 
barely more than an extended 
scrimmage ror UCSD, the Tritons 
began their losing streak against 
Cal State Dominguez Hills. 
Leading 50-39 with only four 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone 583-LlFE 24 hrs 

Free counlleling, study roo~ 
and speakers 

Calculators, !! 
Calculal",s. HP21·S95, HP22·$15S. 
HP25·S1B2. SR50A·S91 SRS1A-$1 3S. 
F,ve day delivery , All models new. 
Carry full year guarantee. and include 
aU standard accessorieS. Send c heck or 
COD requesl Ifor COO add $2) plus 6% 
lax to Cheap Calculal", Company. 636 
Fourlh 51.. Dav is. CA 95616 If nol 
Xlltsfled. return withIn 15 days for full 
refund (11 I t 0) 

CIl4BrERS 
SAVE UP TO 50% in '76 

EUROPE from'299 * 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 wIn. 

APR.-OCT. 76 
Over 915 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEA t5 on long 
and summer flights 10 
book today for '76 
O.r 1.'_" "-" If _11_ 

291-8141 
:O_APE'R 

---=:...::~~ ~!(7::-!:~. 
Mo .... VoIIoy-EquiIabIo IIdg 

1333 C-.-!no del 110 South 
S.D .. CA 92101 

Defense and Control 

Travelling south , the Tritons lost 
to two talented Division I squads. 
The University of New Orleans, 
featu ring a front line that averaged 
6'9", crushed UCSD , 105-58. 
Against Southern MississIppi the 
Tritons played good defense and 
were able to control the ball for 
most of the game, but were still 
badly beaten, 90-57. 

Returning home the Tritons met 
more rugged competition with 
equal lack of success. NAJA 
powerhouse, Occidental, gave 
what coach Barry Cunningham 
called "one of the worst beatings a 
Triton squad has ever sustained," 

Del Mar ... 

Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, a one 
point,victor over Occidental earlier 
this season, sent UCSD reeling 
once again, 94-M. The Tritons 
played well against their 
physically superior opponents, 
scrapping and hustling with the 
enthusiasm they will need to win 
this year. Catching SLO on an 
evening whieh they shot a torrid 70 
per cent squelched all UCSD upset 
possibilities. 

Being a small club with limited 
offensive potential Coach Cun-
ningham feels that his Tritons will 
have to rely on patient offense 
tight defense if they wish to 
reverse their early season losing 
trend. 
. The squad returned to action this 
past weekend but results were 
unavailable at press time. 

movement to have a referendum on the revised Communit\' Plan ' 
IIcrvey Swcctwood, Gordon Denyes, and Clark Almgrcn, membc'rs of th~ 
Dc! Mar Planning Commission; Al Tarkington, a Former Del Mar mayor; 
.Joe Frivaldsky, ca mpaign director for the United Way ; and Marshall 
!loss, an attorney. 

The City Council of Del Mar has been embroiled in a battle with the 
County Board of Supervisors during the past month whcther Del Mar 
"hould have to contract for service from the San Diego County Sheriff. 
Afll'r the County Board of Supcrvisors charged Del Mar $1 ,670 more than 
the $115,211 that Del Mar had agreed to pay for sheriff' s protection, the 
Del Mar Cit~· Council rcscinded il~ approval of it') original contract. 

Thc Council now maintains that under state law, the sheriff must 
provide the entire count y with basic law enforcement. Cit\' AttorneY 
!loger Heclgecock made the recommendation to the co uncii that the)' 
nofllsc to s ign the contract, because he says that 0('1 Mar taxpayers 
a h'rady pay for basic law enforcement through county taxes. 

Th(' Board of Supervisors has issued claim against Del Mar forthe cost 
of law enforcemcnt pl'ovided by the sherriffs office first s ix months of the 
.I'('ar. The Cit~· of Drl Mar plans to take legal action over the issue. 

DAVID BOWIE 
CAT STEVENS 
Tickets Available at 

Son Diego Ticket Sales 
273-4567 

We hove the only good seats in to'wn 

VG 
ThAT VERY Good DONUT 

SAYS HEllo 
To All old TiMERS 

ANd WElCOME 
To All TilE NEW 

MAYCod GRANT All of you A fiNE YEAR 
P.S ..... yeWl tMJiaa we '"-
tJcaqed "'" .... &dcedale aM. 
lice ~. wil6eeed 
6y IOP.HI. 

106 ABERDEEN DR. CARDIFF 753-2400 

No Rest 
It seems everyone 

vacation except athletes. 
gets a 

Under the direction of coach 
Barry Cunningham, the UC San 
Diego varsity basketball team 
received little time off. The Tritons 
spent the weekend after fall 
quarter finals down South, meeting 
the University of New Orleans and 
Southern Mississippi. 

The squad then came home, and 
hosted Occidental, Central Iowa, a 
few others, and finally 
Ambassador College Saturday. A 
full report appears elsewhere on 
this page. 

Cork, Hull (n photo: Nathan 
Me,ers) 

.Just as the fall quarter endecl, the water poloists stunned the worhl with 
a second plate finish in the Small College Champion~hips, held in the 
UCSD pool. The Tritons, adding, a happy Finish to a somcwhat dissa p-
pointing season, were stopped by Cal State Hayward, 12-10, in thc finals . 

Consist('nt high S(,OI'er Corky Hull and goalie' Bob Aki were chosen to 
the All-Tournamrnt firs team. Dennis Thomas and Dave Har .. y were 
pi(,ked to the second tram and Rick I ,antz madc honorable mention , .. 

Mectings for mrn's and cocd soccer open scheduling for the winter 
intr·amu .. al season, The captains of teams for those two sport') will gathcr 
tomo .... ow afternoon in thc recreation gym conference room. • 

The remainder of thc intramural schcdule includes one-pitch softball, 
men's, coed, ami pee wee (5'10" and under ) baskctball , a nd volleyball. 
ClIptain's mectings for those sports will be later III the wl'ck ... 

Athletic Dircctor Judy Sweet got some publici ty, most of it good, from 
th(' Los Angell'S Times three weeks ago, as she was f('atured on the 
second page of th(' sports scction. 

The Times made only a frw errors in its timcl.I' eove .. age of UCSD, the 
most gla .. ing of which was mixing up I,ee Brockett and l,ee Ganlner, who 
rlon ' t look too much alike. in the caption unclCI' a picture of Sweet and the 
two haskethall playr .. s. 

Thr story coverrd every thing from the color of Sweet's bulletlll board 
f ·· pink"l. the color of her plant~ I "green" 1, and what dothes she hkes to 
lVl'ar I"jpans. a' .I'ellow turticn('ck sweatrr. and b .. ight-colored jackets"), 

The h('mll inc was also cu tc. I'('ading: "The A.D. Is Swert...·' 
Vilma Dann's 1I'0mrn's swim t(lam continucs Hcl ion this week, going 
awa~' to meet Whittic .. College and USC. and then comll1g home to go 
aL(:l i nst Pomona ... 

Some trams including rugby, wrcsUing, JV basketball and fenemg Will 
continue adion this month while other~ indu(ling basebilll. men's 
SWimming, and womm's hasketball arc prrparing to oJX'n play 10 the 
m'xt f( ·w wceks ... 

T RiYON ClASsiFiEds 
Rule. Ind Rote. 

Classifleds .hould eilher be prinled or typed on a 3",5" card lava llable in 
T"lon Times off,cel They may be submllfed anyt ime between 9 and noon 
and 1 and 4 p.m 

The follOWing rates are for 100 spaces -. if you use more spaces. lhe rate 
will double. (1 00 spaces -·25cenl . : 101 to 2QO •• 50 cenlsl . 

Personals ·· 51 
lost and Found -- free 
Other ads: studenl' " 25 cenlS 

nonSludent. ·· $1 
• Deadl ines: 4 pm Friday for MOnday: 4 pm Monday for Wednesday: 4 pm 
Wednesday tor Friday. 

Announcements: free . All announcements wtll run in the Monday 
calendar Deadline for calendar' 'pm Friday 

IAII .odllion. or correclions to lis lings in the Schedule of Classe. f'" 
regular Universlly courses WIll be charged $t ) 

• SERVICES B lueS'Harm on Ica lessons 272-853211 /7) 
COllegiate researc" alds· lhousands on 
hie Send $1 for your 160page ma,lorder 
ca lal og Research A .... tance. 11322 
I daho Ave _a:l6 los Angele •. CA 90025 
213-477·8474 11/19) 

PERSONAls 
I am white :X>. lema le I will be vIsIting 
San O,ego ,n Feb De.ore meellng 
people to share tntereSls Write Roberta 
B reI t m or e c 10 3007 J a'ck son Sa n 
F r ancIsc0941 15 (1/7) 

A re you adopted ? SeekIng nalural 
parents? 232-6510 or P,O 33272 SO 92103, 
1 1 /7) 

DEADLY. 
\ 

\\ Ill,,, 1k1Ol(\,",' 1\\\ 
nlUlh it",t th .. "'n 11m' .... ,I'" thl,-
'i.1h."""'lh.lI LII/Ii Y\~lr'II"'nn,' 

It J..,II'1 "I"" "",,,,1, h'UF 
n"'i1l1n .• ,n..lf'\'~ V\tu .. ","I 1-\\11 

L~w Hut, ,ht ... ' It' .11i1' '''tfII" """. 
\.\'"ild"IH 

H 'UII LI"" "h • ." h'",1\ 
"l.l\~~ ~ l,,·\th..·"""'''lIUld \l" t", 
InwI I""~t ~\"Id .. tk 

\\ holl ~\lU .. It\.tlkl "\ ,.. III 
~lel\' \,"'-lh.'1111. \), .. 1,·ln .... ' •• II.1 
,.,h "" !'h'I','Ilm"''\hh 
1.101)1.111 -

IlI,,·dll...··ul .'t, h.. .... i~ \"I't.r 
rrwnlIO\.1\ h.1\\· I"''fl ,It IIlL!! It ,."h 

~':I 1\,., .1,,,1,, lilt' \.1111, IU"'.'" 
I1lh\\k-.un~,1 ",1\, l.tnnL .. 

\ n.ll",,"' Ihrt, 1h..11 hI. '" 
",U,'- \\111 n ;lL.· hllll __ ... " HI." '" 
,,"'\'\ ''''·hT"~,..1t ."l\,'f.'"'! I 
\1.1\ ". II \'ol ..... hl ~\"'l hU'll,I\\ ,I.. 
k" \''''IU\!,hh.h.,,,-,m.t\ldnll 
Ihlllh.:U" .tt\ 'IUI •• 1t 

,,,,.t\. I \\ ,'\'""'r .. ""'111 I 
d,ut, 1,,'I1l!""""'" .1 ,k',t\1 ~lf''''~ 
, .. fl.' "'h,' I'lIn\ r'l'fll dll\ IlIIl 

"" ... t.. UI' I 'Of" k .. ".k,,, , 
t ... l h..; 1.\ .. , "I ho. h. If 

L. __ ,/ 

FI-.s IOII'T m fIIIID5 
DItIYI ..... 

J 



• rife ••• 1 nil'S 
ollege Unit Opens 

. Third College ~ademic Unit 
One is now open r use by the 

Communic~tions ogram and 
Natural Sciences departments. 
The buildings, which are not as yet 
·identified by any exterior signs, 
are located nor~heast of Muir 
College and west of the Central 

Library. A number of un- Third College Resident Dean's 
dergraduate classes are to be office. The main job remaining is 
taught in the Classroom building the completion of landscaping at 

All the townhouse apartments 
have been completed and students 
moved in over the weekend. Also 
open are the dining commons and 

clisciplinar~' action. 

Murphy ... It is my expectation that these matters can be fairly and properly 
resolved over intersession and well 

charges against him (her), the before the beginning of winter 
evidence in support thereof and the quarter. classes on January 5. 
procedural safeguards which we - GEORGE S. MURPHY 
utilize in matters of this sort. If one 

the site. 
Opening ceremonies are not 

planned for the immediate future, 
although a program is expected in 
the spring. 

Statement, W. D. McElroy 
Chancellor, UC San Diego 

I have received Vice Chancellor 
George Murphy's preliminary 
report and have accepted his 
recoIn.'llendations. 

or more of the students so charged 
el cts to have the case heard ~d­
ministratively, i.e., informally, I 
am ready to proceed directly to 
such hearings. Because one or 
more of the charged students may 
elect a more formal hearing 
process, consistent with our 
regulations, I recommend further 
that you appoint a hearing officer 
from among faculty or ad-
ministrative staff, not heretofore 
involved in the matters I have 
described, ana tnat sucn appolntee 
be charged to make findings of fact 
promptly with respect to the 
allegations and report such find-
ings to me_ for appropriate 

Pipeline Subject of Series 

DeceInber. 
reported that nude bathing should 
be restricted to Blacks Beach or a 
portion of the state land at the 
southern end of Torrey Pines Park. 

The city council is expected to 
make a decision before the tourist 
season begins during the spring 
holidays. 

City Council 

Five members of San Diego's 
50th City Council, including Mayor 
Wilson, were sworn in for four year 
terms in early December. 

~esides Wilson, Councilmen 
Leon Williams, Jess Haro, Tom 
Gade and Councilwoman Maureen 
O'Connor also began four year 
stints as members of the new 
council. 

Of the new council members, 
only Sixth District Councilman 
Tom Gade will be serving for the 
first time. The new members join 
four others already on the council: 
Gil Johnson, Lee Hubbard, Floyd 
Morrow and Jim Ellis. 

Councilwoman Maureen 
O'Connor was later chosen by the 
new council as the new Dcputy 
Mayor. She replaces Gil Johnson 
whose one year term ended with 
the new year. 

Campaign Limits 

The Supervisors passed a 
measure last month that bans all 
but individual contributions to 
county campaigns. The new law 
also limits individual contributions 
to $250. 

The Alaska pipeline, life in 
China, and . food and energy from 
the sea will be topics for the 
Sumner Series of general-interest 
programs at Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography during January. 

The public is invited, without 
charge, and welcome to bring a 
sack lunch to the weekly meetings, 
which are held at 12:30 p.m. 
Thursdays in Scripp's Sumner 
Auditorium. 

On January 8, N. R. Keough, 
retired General Dynamicsl 

• • 

Supervisor Dick Brown said the 
county measure would be " boiling 
it down to the true contributor" by 
banning all but individual con-
tributions. Brown was joined by 
Jack Walsh and Jim Bates in 
supporting the measure. 

Lee Taylor and Lou Conde op-
posed the new limits. Conde said of 
thc bill, " You are severely hand-
icapping the ability of people to 
partipatc in the democratic 
process." 

White Deer 

Finally, San Diego's legendary 
white deer, which roamed the 
canyons around Mission Hills, 
suffered a tragic death. Fearing 
the deer might interfere with 
freewa traffic, a county animal 
regulation officer shot a 
tranquilizer dart into the doe and 
the animal died. 

The funeral for the animal, who 
lived in Mission Hills for 10 years 
and was called Lucy by area 
residents, attracted over 200 
people and snarled traffic in the 
Presidio Park area. 

Supervisor Jim Bates, who 
represents the Mission Hills area, 
began an investigation of the 
County Animal Regulation office to 
find out why the animal died. 

Bates is leading Mission Hills 
residents in establishing a White 
Deer memorial fund to erect a 
monwnent on the Presidio Park 
gravesite. 

LSAT 
course beginning soon 

for those who want to better scores 

For Info Call 222-6585 

Convair design engineer, will 
present slides taken during his 
recent trip to Alaska, which show 
progress on the Trans-Alaska Oil 
Pipeline that will transport oil 
from the state's North Slope. 

The two-part program by Tanja 
Winter of La Jolla entitled, '.'China 
Today," will be given January 15 
and 22. Winter, with the assistance 
of her husband, Dr. Bernard 
Winter, will show color slides 
depicting the life style of con-
temporary China. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

All students interested in doing on 
independent study project in 
Biology in the Winter, Spr ing or 
Summer quarters of 1976 can 
obtain information on available' 
advisors in the Biology Deport-
ment, and their indiv idual 
prerequisites, from the Biology 199 
Coordinator : Dr . H. Friedkin X2464 . 

Biology 127, V irology, will meet 
Tuesdays and Thursdays from 9-
10:30 am in Bonner Hall 2105. This 
change is other than what will 
appear in the revised schedule of 
classes. 

Bia/Chem clinic opens at noon, 
Monday January 5 today . Come in 
for Bio or Chem help. 

Research in Policy Formation (URS 
107 A) is being offered for the first 
time this Winter Quarter. Th is 
course will cover basic quantitative 
and analytical techniques involved 
in public policy research. This 
quarter basic statistical techniques 
and system analysis will be 
covered. The course will meet 
Tuesdays and Thursdays from 8-
9 :30 am . Instructor : William 
Siembieda. 

The Immigration and 
Natural ization Serv ice wishes to 
remind noncitizens of the United 
States that dur ing the month of 
January they are required to report 
their current address on Form I-53 
Address R.eport Cord. ' 

THE 

All too often. when the 
party ends. the trouhle ~ins . 

People who sh uldn't be 
doing anything m re active than 
going to sleep are driving a car. 
SpcedinR and weaving th 'i r 
way tad ath . 

H f r' anv f v ur friends 
drive h me fr m your party. 
make sure they aren'l drunl.. . 

I) n'l he fooled ~G1L1S' 
Ihl'V drank onlv lx'l'r or winl'. 
B 'cr an t \ ine 'can ~ jU~1 a~ 
inloxl{'c I as mixed drlllks. 

Applications Up Slightly 

According to figures released by 
University Hall, undergraduate 
applications to University of 
California campuses for Fall 1976 
are up slightly over those received 
last year. 

However, applications to UC San 
Diego have fallen by 300, down to 
2,840. 

During the November open filing 
period, 31,793 applications were 
received, 300 more than were 
processed last year. 

Applications to UC Berkeley are 
up over 1,300 over last year. UC 
Davis and UC Santa Cruz both 
experienced small declines. 

The other campuses stayed at 
the same level as last year. 

UC Academic vice-President 
Donald C. Swain said of the aIr 
plications, "These are only 
preliminary figures. They give no 
more than a very rough indication 
of new enrollments for next fall. 
The University will continue to 
accept applications for several 
months, and many more aIr 
plications will be filed at campuses 
that remain open. " 

New Scripps Building 

A new building, to house most of 
Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography's (Ue San ~iego) 
physical oceanographers, was 
dedicated last month. 

The structure, called the 
NORPAXlPhysical Oceanography 
Building, is north of Scripps's main 
complex of buildings and west of 
La J ol1a Shores Drive. 

Total cost of the project, in-
cluqing built-in equipment, is 
estimated at $605,000, with most of 
the funding from the Office of 
Naval Research and the National 
Science Foundation. 

NORPAX is an oceanographic 
research program that has as its 
objective improved long-range 
prediction of both the upper layer 
of the ocean environment and the 
climate over the North Pacific 
Ocean and North American con-
tinent. 

The building will also serve 
members of Scripps's Marine Life 
Research Group and Geological 
Research Division, - along with 
about 15 graduate students. 

Dr. Wert said that bringing these 
scientists together under. one roof 
will "increase communications 
and multiply effectiveness." They 
were previously scattered 
throughout eight of Scripps's 
buildings . 

Aliens to Register 

Joseph Sureck, District 
Director of the United States 
Immigration and Naturalization 
Service, estimated today that more · 
than 650,000 aliens residing in 
Southern California will report 

Munday. Jan_ry 5.197. 

their addresses during January 
1976 under the Alien Address 
Report Program. 

Sureck said that noncitizens are 
required to file the Special Address 
Report Card, Form I-S3, each 
January. 

In addition, aliens who are 
temporarily out of the Unit d 
States during January must report 
their address to the Service within 
ten days after their return.-

The District Director said that 
Address Report Cards will be 
available at any Immigration 
Office, and at all local United 
States Post Offices beginning 
January 2, 1976. 

Queen Pins Medal 
Queen Elizabeth of England has 

awarded the Royal Medal for 
" important" contributions in the 
physical sciences to Sir Edward C. 
Bullard, professor emeritus in 
geophysics at Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, UC San Diego. 

Three Royal Medals are 
presented annually by the 
Sovereign on the recommendation 
of the Council of the Royal SoCiety 
of London, the British eounterpart 
of the U.S. National Academy of 
Sciences. Two of the medals are 
for contributions to the ad-
vancement of "natural 
knowledge" and the third is in 
recognition for work in the applied 
sciences. 

On December 1. Dr. Bullard 
received his medal in London from 
the president of the Royal Society, 
Sir Alan Hodgkin, acting on behalf 
of the Queen. 

Accompanying the medal was a 
citation, which reads: "To Sir 
Edward Bullard, professor cA 
geophysics in the University of 
California, San Diego, in 
recognition of his distinction as a 
world leader in geophysics, 
especially in the (study of the) 
generation of the earth's magnetic 
field, the origin of the oceans and 
continental drift. " 

Whale Watchers 

The month of January will 
feature special whale watching 
programs at Torrey Pines State 
Park every weekend. 

The California Gray Whale, the 
official state marine mammal, is 
seen annually off the coast of San 
Diego in December an~ January. 

On Saturday and Sunday af-
ternoons, rangers will conduct a 
nature walk which will include 
stops at prime whale watching 
locations. Also a film entitled "The 
California Gray Whale" will be 
shown. 

For further information contact 
the Park ranger. 

OVEL 
nd d n'l kid v urscl f 

aUSl' Ihev mav hnv had 
some hlud, coffee. Hla 'k offel' 
can't s her Ihem up welll'nough 
10 drive. 

fI)T{lo~~ T)itl\,I·T{:i)~,-:;; Y - - - -;2' 
I Ill)X 2.14:'> I 

If somconl' g ts 100 drunk 
10 drive. drive him vourself. Or 
call a rab. Or off I' '10 kl him 
sl l'P over. 

\lavlx' vour flwnd \\' m 'l 
Ix' f cl'i i 111£ ~0 ~lllxl on I Ill' 

mornin~ alter. hUI .\llll · l'l' ~llln~ 
III fl'l'ill'rrifil'. 

: Hocto;\'II.I.I·. \1 ItVI N"" 2()X"l2 : 
I I \\ .tnt h' ~l'l' l' nH "Il'nd, .II!\ " I 
I r~\ 1 ,h,' lh: \1 pal" I 
1 1.-11 m,' \\ h.1I d,,' I ... ,n .I" 1 
I \h n,lfn l' I 
• \1.110" I 
I t L ~ _______ ~I~ ___ ~I~ - ~ 
"_IOI'TLII_. 
..vI •• lt 

..... ,... ." ...... " .... .. I ~-'" 


