
Money and Aesthetics Sqare off Again in La Jolla 
by Matt Hinton 

Well, here we go again - one more round in the "Fight of the Century." 
Aesthetics vs. Money; and I wish I could tell you that Aesthetics are 
winning, but as usual that doesn't seem to be the way it is. This month's 
set-to is over the fate of two small cottages opposite La Jolla Cove - the 
Red Rest and the Red Roost, both built in 1894. 

The owner, not surprisingly, wants to tear down the houses and put in a 
new apartment building like the one he owns down the block. He would, 
after all, stand to make a great deal of money out of it - more than enough 
reason in our society for a little extra ugliness . 

... 1.. ••.•• This isn't the first time that the owner has tried to develop the property. 
The courts have stopped him more than once, and a long campaign by the 
cottage-dwellers and a lot of interested citizens resulted in the cottages 
being named a historical site. 

Historical site status per se is worthless, however; the Qroperty is still 
in private ownership, and unless the city or some philanthropist comes up 
with half a million dollars to buy the cottages outright, there doesn't seem 
to be much hope. We're going to lose the old houses and the lovely old 
trees, and we're going to gain another multi-unit apartment building for 
the rich folks. . 

Drive down Coast Boulevard past the Cove and take a look -look at the 
two red cottages under the trees, and compare them with the apartment 
buildings on either side. Decide which you like better; and if you decide in 
favor of the cottages, write to Mayor Wilson, the City Council, the local 
papers. Make some noise! 

As for the landowner,Tthink Antoine de Saint-Exupery summarized it 
pretty well: 
"And what do you do with these stars?" said the Little Prince. 
"Nothing. I own them," said the businessman. 
"And what good does it do you to own the stars?" 
"It does me the good of making me rich." 
"And what good does it do you to be rich?" 
"It makes it possible for me to buy more stars ... " These two places are owned by the same person : .. . Guess which one he wants to tear down . 

North Ci West 

Library to be Emptied 
Books go to UCLA, UCB 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer A "Dreadful Proposal" 

A~ard ~Winni.ng Housing Plan lacks Funds 

A draft proposal was released 
last week by the Office of the 
Executive Director for University-
wide Library Planning calling for 
over half of UCSD's library books 
to be placed in dead storage units 
at UCLA and UC Berkeley. 

Literature professor Andrew 
Wright, member of the three 
statewide committees who are 
reviewing the proposal, calls the 
plan the "knell of doom" for UCSO. 

Dr. Paul Saltman, Vice-
chancellor of Academic Affairs, 
called the plan a " dreadful 
proposal" and stressed that we 
need to find "an alternative in 
keeping with the nature of the 
quality of education at UCSD." 
Mochary reported that the general 
consensus of the GSC was o~ 
position. 

by Vera M.L Todorov 
Community Editor 

North City West, a proposed 
40,000 person housing development 
located east of Del Mar, is a 
nationally award-winning plan that 
is nonetheless plagued with public 
facility funding problems and a 
local government that would 
prefer downtown redevel9pment. 

Funding public facilities such as 
schools and fire and police ser-
vices, has become the source of 
much controversy in the San Diego 
City Council. The .Council was 

NORTHCllY \£ST 
I 
I 
(15 
~ 
I , 
I 
I 
i 

-

depending largely on a financial 
analysis, done by the west coast 
consulting finn of Stone and 
Youngberg, to supply the city with 
various ways to fund facilities 
through special assessment 
districts. 

The Stone and Youngberg 
analysis was distributed 
throughout city offices Iut week 
and seems to be an $8,000 disap-
pointment.. Phit Shafer, ad-
ministrative assistant to City 
Councilman Floyd Morrow, said 
"the analysis is a summary of 
taxation tectmiquu the city is 
already familiar with. ". city 
does not need two different wa1l of 
how not to do It, au at leut one 
feasible .ay to do it (finance 
facUltie.at Nonh aty West)." 

Official Community 
Planning Group 

The financial analysis was paid 
for by the North City West 
Property Owners Association, 
recognized by the city as the of-
ficial community planning group. 
The association is composed of 
several large land owners who 
control the North City West 
development, the most notable 
being Boise Cascade Corporation. 

Shaler said one member of the 
North City West planning group 
believes that Stone and YotUlgberg 
were somehow influenced by 
Mayor Pete Wilson, a proponent of 
downtown redevelopment, to write 
"a discouraging report." He said, 
"the types of assessment districts 
used for general purposes are 
given in the analysis, but there is 
no specific plan of action spelled 
out in either North City West's plan 
or in the financial report ... it only 
talked about state laws dated 
between 1911 and 1915, which 
spelled out in detail the procedures 
by which local governments can 
assess certain districts. It did not 
say which one the city should use." 

The development has passed 
through the City Council by a five 
to four vote, with councibnan 
Floyd Morrow breaking a tie. 
Morrow approved the plan with an 
alteration which reads, 
"Development in the North City 
West area is contingent upon 
necessary public facilities being 
financed by property owners in 
that area by a charge against the 
land only in the planning area." 

~ofServke 
Shafer said, "the price of putting 

in services at North City West will 
not be to the homeowner, but to the 
current landowner. My first im-
pression was that the cost of theIe 
aervicea would be tacked on to the 
price of the houIea but not so ... the 
property ownen can't pass the COlt 
on to the homeowner and the 
developer becaue their product 
won't have a competitive price." 

Shafer explained this project will 

have to compete with other houses 
in the same price bracket of $40,000 
to $80,000 at the Morena 
redevelopment project downtown 
on the old navy field . Shafer said, 
"people are going to move where 
they have to ... if housing costs 
aren't competitive, North City 
West could easily fail. The 
property owners who make up to a 
4000 per cent profit can afford to 
pay for public facilities. " 

Shafer also added that the 
"opponents of the project who 
would like to see downtown San 
Diego redeveloped would rather 
have projects built where existing 
resources could be used, but if the 
funding for North City West is 
supplied, it wiD go through." 

The action was proposed in hopes 
of avoiding the high cost of adding 
new library facilities at UC 
campuses. Volumes could be 
requested by students and would 
be transported to the individual 
campus~ within 24 hours to a 
week, under the plan. 

According to graduate student 
Mark Mochary, speaking for the 
Graduate Student Council (GSC), 
UCSD must respond on the plan to 
the Executive Director's office by 
next week. However, no one on 
campus-including the Chancellor, 
the Academic Affairs office and 
the Academic Senate-would 
acknowledge that they know who 
will make that final recom-
mendation. 

Unpaid Debts Curb Plans 
for More Housing at Fourth 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

Due to unpaid debts carried over from the construction of Third and 
Mesa apartments, there are no current plans for the addition of new 
living facilities for Fourth College students, say Fourth ad-
ministrators. 

Lea Rudee, Fourth College Provost, explained that the possibility 
for additional new housing revolves basically around a "question of 
demand." Since UCSD housing is not paid for by taxes, but by its 
occupants, large vacancies would result in placing an additional ex-
pense burden on those living at the University. This would "drive 
people away" and end in bankruptcy for UCSD. 

. The actual construction would also be economically unfeasible. The 
University still has yet to repay loans taken out to construct Third 
College apartments, located on the campus, and Mesa apartments, 
two miles east of UCSD on Regents Road. Because of this, UCSD has 
the highest interest rate on loans of any of the campuses, said Rudee. 

Presently, Matthews campus housing, consisting of renovated 
Marine barracks, is the only Fourth College housing facUJty. Due to 
student input, a number of building improvements have been made. 
'13,000 has already been spent this year, including a major ex-
penditure for new carpeting. 

Additional improvements on the Matthews campus housing will 
depend on the money that remains in this year's emergency fund, said 
a representative for Larry Barrett, Director of Housing and Food 
Services. However, the likelihood of this Is tUlknown, as the 
emergency fund is not actually dea}pated per se, but is allocated for 
foreseeable needs wttlin the buIIdinp. 

Andrew Wright 
[T. T . Photo Bill B rooks] 

However, Dr. Russell Doolittle, 
chairman of the Academic Senate 
Library Committee, called this 
flood of negative response "largely 
emotional." He said that the 
proposal has its "good features " 
which depend upon " the details 
that weren't written in. " 

Wright said that the proposed 
plan provides for "the elimination 
of the library at UCSD as a major 
research library." It is a 
"calamitous prospect ," he said. 

According to Wright, even 
students at UCLA and Berkeley 
are alarmed. By 1982, half of their 
library books would also be placed 
in storage facilities. 

Cost Savials Dublous 
The estimated cost reduction 

was determined to be ,100,000,000, 
"a rather dubious figure " ac-
cording to Wright. He said the 
figure is based on "defective" 
research for the report. 

" Ubrariu in California and 
throughout the world are going to 
have to \'hange their ways," said 
DooUttie, because operating costs 
are "too I!xpensive." He Mid that 
the propot;ed reduction would cut 
the library budget from the current 

$1~ m"'1"" 1l1lm t/\ mit "" 
~ are three committees 

presentiy reviewing the proposal : 
The Steering Committee tor Long 
Range Library Policy 
Implementation, consisting mainly 
of administrators, the Senate 

CoaUaaecl 011 Pa 3 



triton times 

Pro: More Time, Less Money, Better System 
UC San Diego has a quarter system with a semester 

mentality. 
The amount of material required of a student 

during a ten week quarter is far greater than that of 
ten weeks of a semester. Students are under constant 
pressure. It takes one week to get oriented to the work 
of. a class, by the fifth week you are expected to pass 
important exams unofficially called mid-terms, by 
the seventh week the paper is due, eleventh week 
exams and the course is over. Granted you cover the 
lbaterial, but how much learning occurs? How much 
energy is devoted to making careful analysis and 
thought? 

Semesters allow creative people the time to stop 
going through the motions. You can write a paper, put 
it away for a week or two, and then come back to it 
with a fresh perspective. 

I believe that quarters place the student on this 
campus under an unneccessary tremendous pressure 
to perform, whether the student likes it or not. The 
time has come to go with semesters or cut the 
material down to fit the quarter time restraints. 

Quarters have other problems and the biggest is the 
bookstore. If thl prof is not on time, if there is a 
problem wi';h the shipping, if the store misplaces an 
order, it takes three weeks to ship the books that you 
need. In one quarter half of my text books for four 
courses did not arrive until the classes were half 

Con: More Pressure In 
Store For Student 

Most of the arguments I have heard for the 
semester system deal with student and faculty 
pressure. It seems to me that a changeover to the 
semester system will reduce some of this pressure: 
that under which the faculty suffers. Instead of 
relieving student pressures, I feel that it will add to 
them. 

Sure, there is pressure at exam time. This pressure 
is caused by the presence of exams, not because of 
what week it is. In either system, exams will appear 
and there will be pressure. 

The semester system has more material for which 
a student is responsible, and also has more time in 
which a student can get behind. More material, and 
being farther behind would result in an increase in 
pressure. If students can get a little behind in 10 
weeks, just think ~f what they can do in 15! 

over. 300 students fought in the library for a few 
reserve copies available. At a time when registration 
fees continue to increase, a quarter system forces to 
buy many more expensive text books than would be 
required with semesters. With quarters more subject 
courses equal more text books. Sometimes I think 'the 
professors of this school are text book happy. I dream 
of them saying, " Let me see, should I assign ten or 
fifteen books this quarter. After all, text books are 
written for semesters and we have quarters, I will 
need to run right out and order two paperbacks per 
week to fit my course." How much do text books cost 
you? The last time I went to buy the bookstore it 
really hurt. 

Another problem with quarters is the regUjtration 
process. Before you have even begun to explore a 
particular discipline or course sequence, everybody 
wants to know which course comes next. I believe we 
should be moving towards a system of semesters that 
will provide for in depth academic inquiry. And that 
takes time. - Andy Scbnelder 

Friday, December I, 1171 

Semesters: Pro or Conl 
The quesUon of a poIlible return to the lemester Iystem baa risen 

again. Should the University of CalHornia cb .... e its .cademic year from 
three quarters to two semesters? Should the semester end before or after 
Christmas break? 

The Semester System: Pro or Con? 

Pro: Solicit Student Opinion 
In all the hue and cry about the proposed swit::h to a semester system, 

one important source has been left out. The opinion of students, those 
most affected by a change of semesters, has been ignored. UCSD stud'mts 
have not ~ polled on this issue. 

Only the opinion of faculty members has been solicited by UC President 
Saxon. And what have been the earth-s~k!ng reasons why the faculty-as 
polled in the Academic Senate straw poll-has favored a retention of the 
quarter system? According to two recent Triton Times articles, those 
reasons have often bordered on banality and ignorance: . 

"The semester question is not that crucial to students. It won't cure 
pimples or bring peace," said one. 

"Someone can ~o on leave a lot easier in a quarter system," said 
another. 

One discounted the argument that the quarter system does not allow 
enough time to adequately learn anything with, "Those who can keep up 
will be tomorrow's leaders. Those who can't, won't." • 

These. are also . some interesting conflicts. "Neither system is 
responsible for student pressure," one said. But another opined that 
"People coast along" under a semester system. 

One professor, though, made a very intelligent comment. "The 
semester system does allow students more time to relect on work more 
time for independent research, more time for writing." ' 

~hat statement does a fine job of representing why I personally favor a 
SWitch to semesters. A four-month semester would allow time for con-

temp~ative study, time which the frenzied pace of a ten-week quarter 
certamly does not allow. A semester system would allow time for more 
intimate relations and contact with the faculty. It would also allow more 
access to facilities . There would be one less hassle with registration. 

Overall, it would just be better. 
Continued on Page 8 

Con: What's Wrong 
With Current System? 

What's wrong with things the way they are? 
Why should we go through a time and effort-

consuming change to the semester system if there is 
nothing extremely wrong with the quarter system? 

I hear complaints about the administrative hassles 
in reregistering students three times a year, and the 
problems professors have with teaching a course in 10 
weeks. But that shouldn't be our concern. The only 
thing students should care about is under which 
system they learn best. The faculty and staff should 
be able to handle either the quarter or the semester. 

So we ask what problems do students have under 
the quarter system. 

The pressure Is too great iD a 10 week span? It 
appears to me that under the semester system we'd 
have pressure in 15 week blocks instead. At least at 
present we have a breather every 10 weeks. 

You CaDDot learn as mucb iD 10 weeks? Wouldn't 
students take it even easier if they had nine weeks 
before finals after their midterms? 

You cannot learn as much in 10 
The quarter system provides a 

variety of classes, and a break 
after the tedious 10 week period. 
Again, the - semester system 
changes the situation for the 
faculty - it is easier for them not to 
have registration three times a 
year, etc. But on the student's side 
of it, 15 weeks means no breaks and 
the monotony of the same classes 
all semester. 

Con: Semesters Could Cause Christmas Stress 
weeks? Wouldn't students take it 
even easier if they had nine weeks 

. before finals after their midterms? 
Students bave to 10 tbrolllb the 

enrollment process tmee times a 
year? Personally I've found tbat 
part of college to be an im-
provement over my semester-
operated high school, because it 
offers a greater choice and 
flexibility among courses. 

Face it, a professor can either be 
good or not, and the change to the 
semester system will only give him 
more time in which to elaborate on 
his abilities -Sue Nealon 

Con: Semesters 
Would Result 
In Mdre Work 

, 
If we change to the semester 

system, cloIsses will not be slowed 
down, ex( ept for non-sequence 
classes, because ther~ w ill still bc 
the same ~Jllount of time for each 
class and the same amount of 
material wou,ld have to be covered. 

The onl./ ,alternative to main-
taining th. ¥me rote of learning 
would be teach less per course or 
make each sequence continue into 
next year. 

Non-sequence courses would 
probably he slowed down but there 
would have to be more of them 
taken at the same time. Thus, if we 
change to the semester system we 
will have more work- not less. 

- Jon Bebben 

Controversy has arisen over the merits of the 
quarter and semester systems, and over the effects of 
a possible change to the semester system. However 
if the semester system were to be adopted, anothe; 
important issue should be addressed: Should the faIl 
semester end before or after Christmas? 

foreboding gloom over Christmas. 
A calendar can be developed, however, which 

would start the 15 week fall semester early in Sel>" 
tember, finish it fully before Christmas, allow a four 
week winter break, and conclude the 15 week spring 
,semester in the middle of May, a full month earlier 
than in other school calendars. With all fall semester 
matters completed by the holidays, a much merrier 
Christmas would result. 

If the fall semester were to end after Christmas stud~nts would have to write term papers, clean up 
rea <:ling, and st.udy for final exams during the 
Christmas vacatIon. For this reason, students who 
would want or need to work a full-time job during 
Christmastime would not be able to work fully. In 
addUtion, the finals and term-paper deadlines 
looming after the holiday would cast a dark , 

If the semester system is adopted, conclusion of the 
fall term before Christmas will mean better 
academic efficiency (since many students might 
otherwise tend to forget things over a long break with 
part of the semester still remaining) as well as 
happier holidays for everyone. - Jeff Fenton 

lriton times u_ ...... 
Sbt"Wri .... Ptoductlan ANtot.nI. 

EXECUTIVE BOARD ReedAlpen Cindy Heffron 
M.C. Bnen Judy Walton 

David El!IIln • &..:ul"llllilor Ted BUrl<e 
M.n ;, • ...lIe. . llenaglng IIIltor Abba Wool DaoieCohen Photog..,.,... Alan Rue.tt • _. l1li .... J C. Edelberg 

AJec .... I_n · _Yea N_1Cl1Ior Shannon Aikman John HablrSlron Tom Brown 
-.. TOIIoroor · c-... Ity edltOf Jon Hetperln Chris Sherman 

Ron Ant:w - 0pIItI0n ........ Martene Herman 
_tullfII'-

MalcOlm Sm,tn • Ado .rtI ........... Margar .. Hewey Den I lie Clatt. 
IIoodtr DeYln,.., • ~Ion-aeer Oorotny Houlton JodyEurman 

Sue -.,., -'Copy IlllIor Ron Kalo MarkRobb 
Sc:oIt SalliI · Sport ........ Laur. Rk:hler St ... Skublnna 

Tim MacKenz ie • ArIa dlor KirI< Robinson OtttClM ....... 
BiM Bredla • ~ IdIIOf Sue Schalfner Yvonne La. 

Joel C .Qon - ,. ................ 1CI.IOf WesteyWada Dan Lanner 
Sara J lowe,, ' " .. ocl.le news edilor 

Paul Watry Meg Schaulele 
Adolfll .... Oep.rtment 

,. .. Istant Production Me"., Pen"" L,ttleton 
Shauna Slakes 

The semester system does ha.ve 
its advantages (school ending in 
early May, for, example,) but it 
seems that the disadvantages. 
outweigh phmes (school beginning 
in late August and the first 
semester possibly ending after the 
Christmas break.) 

And the quarter system isn't all 
that bad. So why do we have to 
change? - Ran Anbar 

Tne Triton Times Is published by UCsp 
students as an oilicial student 
newspaper. Publication Is on Mondays. 
Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular sCnool year (except on ottlclat 
holidays) . Edi torial and business ottlcn 
are located In the Sludent Center at Ihe 
University 01 Calilornia. San Diego. For 
editorial . call 452·3466. tor business and 
display adll6rtlsing . call 452·3466. 

Letters to Ihe ed itor and opinion 
columns are welCOmed. Allaubmlaalons 
must be typed and double'spaced on 8 
74·space line. They should not exceed t · 
112 peges In length . 

Submitted mat",I.1 must bear tne 
name and sludent Identification numll8r 
of the aulhor. Names can be wltnneld 
from publication on request : how.""rtne 
narNNI will be held on IIle lor public 
Inspection. 

The Triton nmes re"",~ tna rlghl to 
edit submissions bee.use 01 apace 
IImltalions Of styt. requlrlment •. 

Enllfll contenta copyrlgM 1976. thl 
Trllon Times 

Friday, December I, 117. triton times 

Letter to the Editor 
Schneider Hits Lobby Priorities 
To the Students of UC San Diego: 

In budget hearings November 29, 1976, Susan 
Karpinski, chairperson of the Student Activity Fee 
Group, responded that" ... all budget decisions are 
in a sense political. " The consensus of this 
allocation committee was that we would have to 
set priorities for the limited funds available for 
External Affairs. 

I must set a priority and in so doing make a 
political decision. UC San Diego will not have a 
regular representative to the Statewide Academic 
Affairs Committee. I also ask the Student Body 
President's Council to replace me as their 
representative to this committee. 

The Statewide Academic Affairs committee 
which has a representative from each UC campus 
is responsible for following the actions of the 
stau:wide academic senate and monitoring the 
quality of undergraduate education. This working 
committee considers instructional improvement 
curriculum evaluation, teacher assistant training' 
and student academic freedom. ' 

It is unfortunate that the Student Cooperative 
Union has not given funding for External Affairs a 
top priority. Currently no funds have been 
allocated for the UC Student Lobby. The operating 
budget for External Affairs has been cut in half at 
a time when participation in statewide and local 
tical affairs has expanded. The Cooperative is 
unable to claim an effective ability to carry 
student views to the systemwide administration 
the state legislature or students on other UC 
campuses. The lack of funding seriously affects 

our statewide representative function. 
The students who are a part of the political work 

and representation provided for this campus 
through External Affairs will do the best with the 
resource provided. It's impossible to carry out the 
charge of statewide representation if you cannot 
attend statewide committee meetings. 

The Student Activity Fee Group has within its 
power to allocate $135,000 in student funds. It 
seems to us that $7,000 should be made available 
for representation of students on state and local 
political issues. 

I recommend that SAFG identify additional 
resources by: 

1) pulling back all unused fall allocations. 
2) conducting an audit process of the $88,000 

allocated for 1976-77 during last spring. 
B~dgets submitted in the spring should be 

subjected to the identical criteria by which the 
External Affairs budget has been reviewed. 

I request that the Studeht Lobby send copies of 
the Statewide Academic Affairs Committee 
agendas/materials to External Affairs and 
SAFG. A contribution will be sent for the expense 
of these copies no longer covered by an annual 
contribution. 

Co~ents and concerns about this matter may 
be directed to the chairperson of the Student 
Cooperative Union and to the Coordinator of 
SAFG, Susan Karpinski. 

Andy Schneider 
Coordinator 

External Affairs 
UCSD Student Cooperative Union 

Students Pick Government Reps , 

Page 3 

Vanilla, Chocolate Pudding 
Add Flavor to Superweek 

Two students pondered their 
freshly painted works of art in the 
Revelle plaza : 

"I think it could use a little more 
chocolate pudding," one student 
eagerly suggested. 

"No, no no! Vanilla gives a 
better balance," the other insisted. 

Distraught students, perplexed 
by the encroachment of finals 
week, walked by the industrious 
activities of their fellow 
"colleagues" and hurriedly 
retreated to the security of a 
favorite library. Others simply 
joined in by donating a hand or foot 
for the gala opening of Revelle 
College's "Superweek." 

Creations from the "Multi-media 
Finger Painting Contest" hang 
outside the Rev~lle Community 
Center and winning artists 
received art supplies in order to 
fully exploit their "talents." 

The conclusion of Superweek 
includes a free noon concert todav 

~n the Revelle plaza featm--
109 Dance of the Universe 
Orchestra. 

Games and Contests 
Highlights of this week's ac-

tivities included earth ball games 
Tuesday, a skateboard contest 
Wednesday and the "Weird Record 
Breaking Contest" held yesterday. 

AIl this, according to Revelle 
Assistant Dean , Mary Dhooge, one 
of the coordinators of Superweek 
is to relieve the stress of finals: 

finger paint in the plaza is an 
anomaly." 

Dhooge mentioned that students 
should look forward to the fifth 
annual "Talent Showcase" to take 
place on Feb: 26, featuring 
homegrown talent. Interested 
participants should begin prac-
ticing for this popular UCSD 
tradition, Dhooge added. 

Erratum 
In Wednesday's page one article 

on the San Diego DNA Study 
Committee, the seventh paragraph 
should have read: Experiments 
involving the transplantation of 
tumor virus genes into bacteria or 
the construction of toxic OI'ganisms 
are not allowed, Berg said. 

The Triton Times regrets this 
error. 

Jcxly Curmon 

Mcr Ro'o'o 
ANNOUNCEMENT by MC Brien and Dall St. Claire Baeon 

Fourth College students went to 
the polls November 22 and 23 and 
elected representatives to all but 
three positions in the gov-
ernment. Each of the six new 
boards will be meeting this week, 
With the supervising cabinet 
meeting at the beginning of next 
quarter. 

many students are. The Fourth 
College Career planning program 
is designed to teach students the 
process of making career-oriented 
decisions. 

The program lasts four years, 
beginning the summer before the 
freshman year and running 
through the senior year. However, 
Fourth students may enter in any 
phase of the program, whenever 
chey feel it might meet their 
personal needs. 

• Even though some onlookers 
viewed the activities with a 
jaundiced eye, Dhooge contended 
that the "different" programs of 
activities are good for the students. 

A ll students must clear or renew 
thei r lockers no loter thon 6 :00 pm , 
Sundoy, December 12, 1976. If not 
renewed , lockers must be cleored 
by return ing the lock and towel to 
the Equ ipment" Cage. Failure to do 
so wi ll result in a S 10.00 fine. 

Paula Hui, Special Activities 
Coordinator, is the new Cabinet's 
advisor. Pleased with the election 
results, she says, "the elected 
representMives are really en-
thusiastic and willing to work 
hard." Hui expects the new 
government to be the most ef-
fective one that Fourth has yet 
had. She pointed out that the voter 
turnout was good, with 12 per cent 
of the students casting their 
ballots. Election results are 
available at the Fourth College 
Provosts office. 

Two commuter students and a 
Revelle Campus representative to 
the Program Board are still 
needed. Applications from 
students interested in these offices 
should contact Paula Hui in 302 
MC. 

Planning Program 
Undecided about what to do with 

the rest of your lite? At UCSD, 

Library.~. 
[Continued from Page 1] 

Library Committee and the 
University Librarians. Both the 
local and statewide Senate Ubrary 
Cortunittees will be meeting next 
week to consider the implications 
of the plan. A number of other 
organizations at UCSD are also 
currently considering the plan. 

Wright, referring to the actual 
transportation of the volumes 
called the writers of the proposai 
·"gadget mad." It is not actually 
known what method will be used to 

circ~late the books among the 
variO US campuses, but It is 
projected that trucks or buses will 
he used. 

Card Catalogue Eliminated 
The organization of the volumes 

will be an e~ample of tbe 
"modernization of library 
techniques" , according to 
Doolittle. The card catalogue 
would be eliminated and replaced 
with a computer display. A 

Fourth College car~er seminars 
are one phase of the program. The 
seminars consist of five two-hour 
sessions over a period of four 
weeks. The sessions begin with an 
assignment to write an 
autobiography, and end with job 
hunting surveys and goal setting 
and decision making exercises. 
Leading the stUdents in the 
sessions is Jenni Murray, Assistant 

. Dean of the college. 

"Like plants" 
Murray maintains that she 

"can't tell you what to do, but can 
only help you make a tentative 
choice of a compatible career 
based on your skills, interests and 
personality." She noted that, 
"People are like plants, one might 
do well in one corner of the room 
whereas another might die. In 

"compact shelving" method would 
be implemented, storing the books 
without a specific order but 
catalogued by their file number. 

Wright said that the proposal 
was developed " on a naive 
assumption about the way scholars 
study," He claims that students do 
not always know what they want 
when they go to the shelves. Much 
of the research entails 
examination of the volumes. 

Paula Hui 
[T. T. Photo Bill Brooks} 

another place that same plant 
might have done great." 

The eventual goal of the planning 
program is to make students self-
sufficient and susceptible to 
change, so that if a student finds 
that he doesn't like his job .or the 
employment market changes, he 
can make alternate career 
decisions. 

For more information about the 
career planning program contact 
Jenni Murray in MC 302. 

Doolittle also has some ob-
jections to the plan as it now 
stands. He said he would prefer to 
see the, second storage facility at 
Irvine instead of UCLA, because 
the distance is not as great. He 
feels that the reasons for choosing 
UCLA are "political." He still 
emphasized, though, that the 
proposed plan is "a complicated 
issue- not something just to be 
against." 

Glfts-Jewelry-Cards- Records-Stationary 
705 S. Highway 101 • Solano Beach 

755·0962 

" It's new," Dhooge suggested, 
that ' 

COPY SHOPS 

XEROX COPIES 
NO MINIMUM 

4~ 
KEARNY MESA 3 cents with Student ID 
8333 Clairemont Mesa BlVd. 1303 5th Ave. 
Phone 560·9002 Phone 238·0033 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

If you are seeking a career opportunity - WSU offers several 
ways in which you can enter the legal profession. Full·Time 
Students: Can earn a J.D. Degree and be eligible to take the 
California State Bar Examination in 2'2 or 3 years. Put·Time 
SI,dents : Can graduate in 3'2 or 4 years of study with the same 
degree as a full· time student by attending class an average of 3 
times per week, 3 hours per class. There are schedules to fit 
many needs - classes are offered days. evenings and 
weekends . W"tern Stlte University Colle.e 0' law has a Whole 
Person Admissions Policy · applicants are screened for academic 
background. personal aptitude. general experience. maturity 
and molivation . Applications are now betng accepted for Spring 
Semester from men and women wtth two or more years of 
college credits. Pre·admission counseltng IS available. 

For catalOI fill out and send to: Western State 
University Colle" of Law. Dept. 1631333 Front Street, 
San DleIO. CA 92101. Phone [714]231-0300 
Name 

Street 

City State Z ip 

APPl Y NOW FOR SPIIIN6 SEMESTER-CLASSES START JANUARY 17. 
AI!~ough the cost Of. professional educalion c( ntinues to spiral, 
tUitton at WSU remains among the most modet ate in the nalion. 

West~rn State University 
College of LclW 

fl/:I".h,rt,\I'ft'l; ''', f r lt"d"rt' [\.1' ,d( ,\llr,Hnl.' ,Ir'li !,v:hf" 
\\t' .... ft·111 '\ ...... \1 .. I,ll,,'" pI "'{ hl'l,j.., ,11111 ~ (lllt'~ t " 
\rl)11t·I': .... t·I,:-',d)!t' I, '/ ft,{ipf,IJI\ "'l,'t'{i \tl.,i,"'1 I (I,p", 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 



11'114 •• 1' •• -M 

Horror Hits High S¢ool 
Story of Adolescence 

George: 
by Tim Mac:Keazte 

and Ted Burke 

After All 

Carrie sweeps Us Into the petty 
world of high Ie Il001 society as well 
as the fantastic: world ~ the 
supernatural. It is a simple story of 
revenge laced with horror and 
unsuspected power. The plot 
centers around the titl~ character, 
a unique misfit who is unwittingly 
tonnented by her peers. 

Sympathy for Carrie, sensitively 
portrayed by Cissy Spacek, is 
skillfully snared by Director Brian 
De Palma's opening scene. 
Dumbfounded and horrified, 
Carrie gets her first menstruation 
period while showering at the girl's 
gym. Rushing to her classmates 
for help, she is instead met with a 
vicious and humiliating attack. 
Their animosity toward her in-

creases after the well-meaning 
gym coach (Betty Buckley) 
punishes them severely with tough 
workouts. Buckley is welk:ast 88 
the concerned teacher who shows 
Carrie kindness. 

The girl's ignorance and wit~ 
drawn nature can be attributed to 
her mother, a religious fanatic 
abnormally obsessed with the evils 
of sex. Piper Laurie gives a fine 
performance as this disturbing 
woman : wild-eyed and severe, she 
is the one who keeps Carrie in a 
state of Fear and guilt. 

It is not until she is invited to the 
senior prom, when Carrie starts to 
enjoy some happiness. The class 
jock, charmingly portrayed by 
William Katt, resembles a Redford 
in younger years and ap-
propriately functions as her dream 
date . But all hopes for a successful 
evening .are spoiled by a vicious 

Tennis· Raquetball • Badminton· Squash 

r--------------.., I one d.y service I 
I Nylon Stringing Special I 
I I I Bluo ,wlst reg . $1 $4.98 I 
I ,,,,,'agerog . 59 $5.98 I 
I one week only I L ______________ .J 

10% oft all purchases with Student I.D. 
[elcludingsale itemsand balls] 

free gift wrap 

2156 Avenida de la Playa, La Jolla Shores 459-2831 
Hotel del Coronado 453-3232 

PETCANDLE® 
Florida's Answer to the Pet Rock. 
PET CANDLE comes to you with com-
plete set of operating instructions to 
train your PET CANDLE to sit up , 
stand, light up, and fly. 
Available in Small , Medium, and Large Sizes. 
---------------------------

PET CANDLE 
110 Giral da Ave ., Coral Gables, Florida 33134 
[J Small $1 .00 plus 50¢ postage & handling 
C Medium $2.00 plus 75¢ postage & handling 
C Large $3.00 plus 95¢ postage & handling 
Name 

Address 

City . State Zip . 
1976. Pet Candle. Inc. 

classmate's plot to further 
lwmiliate her. The girl plans to 
shatter Carrie's euphoric moment 
with a messy surprile. And yet 
Carrie also has a surprise in store 
for her classmates. What the 
foolish prankster and the others 
don't know is that beneath that 
fragile and mousy exterior lies a 
power than can literally move 
objects: telekinesis. With strong 
concentration she can make 
windows slam shut, light bulbs 
shatter, mirro ... s crack and 
bicycles topple over. 

Director De Palma exaggerates 
the film to not unpleasant 
proportions. Although the 
characters are one-dimensional 
and the film is occasionally 
melodramatic to the point of near 
comedy, it is carried to success by 
De Palmas' craft in camerawork 
and clever insight into the seamy 
side of high school life. Often 
satiric, the film captures the 
essence of high schOol situations 
with style : a day of workouts in a 
gym class, a couple cruising at 
night, or the giddy romance of the 
senior prom. Instead of giving us a 
glimpse of the fun, happy-go-lucky 
American Graftlttl side of these 
activities, De Parma reveals the 
petty and scheming aspect. Most of 
the girls are catty and calculating 
and the guys appear creepy and 
car-conscious. 

Other asse~ to the film include 
the highly skilled use of lighting as 
well 11s judicious use of slow motion 
and special eRects which corr 
tribute to Carrie's distinctness. 
Visually impressive scenes in-
clude: the misty glimpse «- naked 
girls romping and dressing in a 
steamy locker room, and the 
magical and romantic dance 
sequence between Carrie and her 
date. What could have been a 
dreary tale of acceptance into the 
high 'school crowd is nieely -trans-
fonned into a gruesome, yet 
delightful horror story. Full of 
surprises, Carrie is sure to charm 
as well as send chills up the spine. 

Carrie is now playing at the 
Cinerama Theater. 

One thing you have to give George 
Harrison credit for Is that he's 
remarkably resilient. He comes black 
from adversity time and time again. In 
the last year, for Instance, the fonner 
Beatle has lost a collrt decision (the 
infamous "My Sweet Lord" case), been 
sued by one of the three compaines he's 
been affiliated with during the past 12 
months, and Contracted a case of 
hepatitis. Nothing to write home about, 
really . 

That's probably why his new LP 
Thirty·three & 1/3 is such a surprise. In 
contrast to some of his past efforts, 
Thirty-three & 1/3 is definitely an up 
albut, free of much of the religious 
dogma associated with Harrison. In 
fact, parts of the album are almost 
ridiculous (i.e. " Crackerbox Palace"). 
Anyone who saw Harrison's films on 
TV's Saturday Night program (in 
conjunction with Eric Idle fonnerly of 
Monty Python) know that this man is 
prone to temporary lunacy, no doubt a 
result of too much you know what. 

The showpiece of this LP is "This 
Song," a catchy and imaginative tune 
about ~rrison's court problems with 
" My Sweet Lord". "This song has 
nothing tricky about it/this song, is 
black and white and as far as I know 
don't infringe on anyone's copyright, 
so." 

While Harrison has not produced 
anything stunning since his initial AU 
Things Must Pass LP, his recent work 
is nevertheless important and timely. 
And he does have a sense of humor. 
(T.M.) 
School Days- Stanley Clarke (Nem-
peror) 

Fusion music freaks (ie, jazz-rock 
fans) would have you believe that 
Stanley Clarke is the world's greatest 
bass player, and that his composing 
abilities are the equal to any of the 
European masters. Clarke 
distinguished himself with Chick 
Corea's Return to Forev~r, yet his solo 
albums have been unifonnly trivial, 
glutted with half-fonned ideas and 
malnourished concepts. School Days, 
his latest release, is his least presuming 
of listener's expectations of 
" progressive" pyrotechnics. For the 

George Hcmlson 
most part, the compositions stick 
their structural base, with 
gratuitous rifting to give the 
complexity. Even here, 
songs are old ideas, serving up 
of disco, hard rock, Brllebeck 
stream jazz, and Beethoven with 
deadpan precision. Clarke solos 
through out, demonstrating 
restraint and lyrical imagination 
he has in years, and David 8alllCiclUS 
synthesizer work is skillfully del)lo~'ed 
adding needed color to worn out 
Clarke is essentially a valuable 
player who belongs in the context 
democratic group. As a solo artist, 
only kidding himself. C. (T.B.) 
ImallDary Vey8le- Jean Luc 
(RCA) 

Clarke's short comings ' 
violinist Ponty as wen, though 
grandiose about his solo 
ImallDary Voyage gives Ponty 
of expressive leeway to show 
phenomenal violin 
These are comprised 
sweeping lines, bittersweet t ... rtlll .... 
executed with silk smooth 
avoids the instrument's 
propensity for grating the ears. 
two is taken up entirely by the 
track, an ambitious piece that 

Southside Johnny on the S 
(CPS)-It's been more than a year bunch of small, Jersey seaside bars 

since the ad hucksters at Columbia was no longer a cult, the Boss now 
Records and a few hyperbolic critics had a national following and his 
declared Bruce Springsteen the fave original fans were pissed. 
rave idol of the music world. More But springsteen kept his cool and 
than a year since glossy posters of shied away ·from the luxury life 
the glamour boy from the gutters of superstardom accrues. 
New Jersey were pasted on And now the Columbia hypesters 
mailboxes and back alley land- are at It again, churning out reams 
marks in the cities. A year since of pUblicity for another New Jersey 

to a revved up Denver crowd 
moving into "I Don't 
Home," a rocker that's 
FM play lists these days. 

It doesn't take long for the 
old former blue collar 
wow the crowd he's 
Southside Johnny's got 
and an even better 

Time and Newsweek capped off the band, Springsteen's old cronies 

**********
********** staged spectacle by putting the Southside JohMY and the Asbury 

overnight sensation on their covers. Jukes. The group is just starting to t Schedule For Referendum** It was enough to make a rock and catch on nationally and is currently 
~ roller give up. touring the smokey bars and tiny 

Years He's Still Fun 

"My Sweet Lord!" 
styles of the bands that Ponty 

with over the years, from 
the Mahavishnu Orchestra, to 
Some of this manages to be 

but the work is void of any real 
, souoding too often like riffs 

rather than continuing to be thought of 
as a Linda Ronstadt-Eagles lackey. 

'I1Ie Pretender Is another fine LP 
from this very ltifted artist. who 
develops a sensitivity that few in the 
pop business can approach. And while it 
may not be as strong or diverse as his 
Late For The Sky album, The 
Pretender is a fine follow-up to that, his 
best overall work. 

Jackson' Browne continues to display 
a sort of boyish innocence in his music, 
shying away from the egocentric 
tendencies of that affect so many pop 
stars. This week sees him once again on 
the cover of the Rolling Stone. Will 
success spoil Jackson Browne? -Let's 
hope not. But it may help him to 
establish a personna of his own. 

on each other like the worst of 
Rapid unison playing and 

tempos alone don't con-
art, Just as endless 

don't epitomize the 
Ponty is further Jackson Browne 

by a lackluster group, 
in guitarist Daryl Struemer. 

tone, fwnbled solos, and 
indecision about whether to 
Larry Coryell or John 

he manages to sap 
an already ennervated 

alone carries this set. As 

Children of the World, the Bee Gees, 
RSO records - Who would have believed 
it? The Bee Gees hell-bent on disco 
music. These are the same Gibb 
brothers who churned out such classic 
dirge as "Words" and "How Can You 
Mend A Broken Heart," to name a few. 

current musical trends, transforming 
into the Disco Bee Gees. True, they 
have made a lot of money in the change. 
But it's still hard to accept their new 
image. 

Could the Bee Gees ever appear on 
Soul Train? Who knows. It's a long way 
from "I Started a Joke" to "You Should 
Be DanCing." he should team up with gifted musicians who can 

His own writing talent isn't 
to make something like 

They have adapted themselves to the 

Voyage sound better than 
C. (T.B.) 
Elton John (MCA) 
enough. F. (T.B.) 
1Jp~1,~n",.r - Jackson Browne 

records)-
Browne sadly needs to 

strong identity of his own, 

Trail 
thrown into the set as well as one or 
two by the Boss himself. 

The energy level at a Southside 
performance can't be 

and some rock journalists 
claimirlg that the ·group cooks 

than even Springsteen's HE" 
etBand. 

Southside Johnny closes a show 
with a 10 minute stomp yer feet and 

along version of " We' re Having 
Party," and then performs as 

many encores as a crowd yells for . 

Concert , Scene 
British Music to Herald 

. . 

Christmas Season at UCSD 
Music from Britain heralds the 

Chrisbnas -season of the La Jolla 
CiviclUniversity Symphony and 
Chorus, Saturday at 8 and Sunday 
at 3 in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

Thomas Nee will conduct the 
symphony in Concerto Grosso, Op. 
6, No.1," by Handel and "Agenda 
for Orchestra" by Bernard Rands. 

The program continues with 
Purcell's "Come Ye Sons of Art," 
featuring the chorus of 150 voices 
and several soloists, conducted by 
David Chase. For the finale, the 
Symphony and three choirs will 
perform " Hymn of Jesus" by 
Gustav Holst. 

photographs by Nick Graetz, in-
spired by Escape From Alcatraz 
by J . Campoell Bruce. Also to be 
perfonned is "Into the Silence," a 
study of linguistic and non-
linguistic perceptions of sung 
words from a text by T.S. Eliot, by 
David Jones. 

The concert is free and open to 
the public. 

Internationally acclaimed 
pianist Malcolm Frager will be the 
featured soloist with the San Diego 
Symphony Orchestra at 8 pm 
December 9 and 10 and December 
12 at 2: 30 at the Civic Theatre. 

like a rejuvenated John 
struts around the stage, his 
piece black velvet suit shining ' 
spotlights, blood red 'rose 
out of his label, and snaps his 
at the band, motiOning a finish 
song. 
~ Long time Springsteen fanatics halls tha.t Springsteen played two ~ W inter Quarter * grumbled that their hero was years ago. Reports from all over the So with the spectacular reviews 
.. ".", washed up, that all the jive hoopla country say that Southside Johnny is group is receiving, it's obvious 

MuSic for instruments, tape and 
voices accompanied by special 
visual effects will be offered by a 
group of enterprising musicians of 
the UCSD music department 
Monday at 8 in the Mandeville 
Recital Hall. 

A chorus of 36 voices will sing 
"Deo Uratias" by Johannes 
Ockeghem. Another choral work, a 
motet paraphrasing plainsong, 
"Alma Reilemptoris Mater" will 
be conducted by David Chase, 
director of the La Jolla 
CiviclUniversity Chorus. 

Symphony Associate Conducter 
Charles Ketcham will conduct the 
orchestra in a program consisting 
of Beethoven's Symphony No.3, 
Creston's Two Choric Dances, 
Opus 17 and the Mozart Piano 
Concerto No. 23 in A major. 

Two public performances of 
" The Imaginary Invalid" will be 
staged at the Old Globe Theatre, 
Balboa Park, Tomorrow. The 
famed Moliere comedy is a 
presentation of the Globe 
Educational Tour. Performances 
are at 10 and noon . 

~ ~ would go to his head. Worst of all, blowing audiences away at every The group is out Southside Jolvmy and the 
.'" 2nd Week (Frt. 1.21) 1st draft deadline for ballot * J ohnny·come-latelies would be stop, knocking the socks right offthe Springsteen-Van M~.rrisoI1-8i~nGl.lI:soury Jukes aren't long for the bar 

~ propo$als , including signaiures ".", stealing their act, forCing screaming fans. dition, but leans a bit and soon they'll be playing ~ and papers . l: Springsteen to play in mammoth "The next song never made it'as a rhythm and blues, bill to no one, not even the 
~ ~ stadiums and basketball arenas. hit , but I don't give a I love it the likes of Ray Chaires, himself. And that's a pretty 
.. 3rd Week (Wed 1·26) Publication of tentative ballots * IItIl;T~h~:e~~S~p~ri~n~gS~t;ee~n~c~ul~t=s~ta:rt=ed~in=~a==~=~'~' s~no~rted~~~~~~~1.~lIIt.lN~a~n:d:S:a~m~Coo==k:e.=A=fe:w=~=I~:fe:a:t.:::::::::::, ~ in Triton Times/ New Indicator ".", 

~ ~ r----~~---------~----------, ~".. I I aASSifiEdS ~ 4-5th Wlei (Weds) Open discussion of ballot items .,.... 
.. with authors to allow for student .. " BARGAiN AT ANY PRiCE 

~ input. . .. EspEciAlly 2~ UNTS 
I 6th Wee (Mon 2·14) Final draft 01 Proposals to IIIUIII; ~ ~ IEED ~Y7 come and hear 
• ~~~~~~ns Board by 12 :00 .. .11' I JOB IllH FLUIaE _.7 Rev. Lois Ruth Bartel 

2.-1313 
American Bartenders School 

1359: 71,.. Ave an Diego CA. 92101 
~-----~---~----------------

! Publication of finalized ballot in * "BE I BARrEIIlEI" 
~ 6th Week (Fri.) Triton Times/ New Indicator """ ~ I T W d 2 2 ~ Learn a new, excltinl career Ihal pays well and can be ~ (ues/ e . 1) Mailing of ".. used while goina 10 collele. Momlna, afternoon and ~ voter pamphlets. ~ ~ ".. evening classes available 10 fll your IIChedule. 
~ Voting at Student Center , Muir ~ Make a call 10 change your life. ~ 7n R II PI B k ..... Call "SIeve" or "Wayne" Hours 9 a.m. 10 10 p.m. il our Week (&41. Quad, eve e aza , 00 store . ~ 
• ed'FrJ) . Third Cafe etc. ~ 

t **********I**e******* 

on 

"Stumblilll BlodG 
or Steppint Stones" 

This Sunday 1 0:4 
715SDYI .... 

La Jon. 
'------....,. 

f'··"'':'~"'''··~·'' ........ ~·· ...... l 
ICOMMUNlTYl 
fBLoonBANKJ 
I '13lnda. ; I 327 F Street I I PAYS DONORS I 
I tor Service ( 
• Mon.· Frl. ( 
/ 233-5481 1 i 234·4601 
.. '-."-." ........ ~.~ .................. ~ ....... , 

Music for instruments features 
works by U~D graduate student 
composers Chris Chafe and Gerald 
Gabel. 

Music with tape and visual ef-
fectl Includes " Alcatraz" by Paul 
Paccione and Chris Chafe, with 

Currently performing to students 
of all grade levels at schools 
throughout San Diego, " The 
Imaginary Invalid" is appropriate 
to audiences of all ages. A question 
and answer session between the 
actors and audience will follow 
each performance. 

Photorvaphic Supplie8 
Darkroom 

Supplle8 

Qwlily Equipment 

Boh f)a\ i ... ( ' :llllt'r'a Shop 
I, • ~, L • I ' I 

Pa,e5 

tim mackenzie 

Station 
To 

Station 
It's not easy living up to people's expectations when they compare you 

to God, or worse yet, when they say that you're God himself. It creates 
tr~mendous amount of pressure. Yet Eri~ Ciapton has had to live with 
this pressure for a good deal of his adult life. 

As the boy wonder guitarist for the immensely successful hard rock-
band Cream, with transitions to Blind Faith and Derek and the Dominos 
Cla pton has attempted to maintain a low-key profile while dismissine- th~ 
" elapton is God" rhetoric. The resulting isolation that he found himself in 
during the early seventies (c redit an assist to smack) has given rise to the 
much mellower Clapton that we see today. But that does not imply that he 
is no longer as good as he once was. The truth is that he has expanded 
himself; his capabilities are greater. 

His recent concert tour of the West Coast (including San Diego) was, in 
my opinion, an unmitigated success. His performance was a satisfying 
mixture of blues, pop and sure-fire rock n' roll. The format was ex-
tremely smooth and professional, and reflected the matured Ciapton of 
the mid-seventies. Not only is his new material very satisfying (No 
Reason to Cry LP) in the show, but his current band is perfectly adapted 
to perform it. 

In fact, the most pleasing aspect 
of the Clapton stage show, both 
visually and musically, is Marcy 
Levy and Yvonne Elliman. They 
take much of the burden from 
Clapton's shoulders while in-
creasing the diversity of the show. 
And my God, can they sing. 

But when the lights go low and 
Elliman and Levy sit down in their 
wicker chairs, it's up to elapton 
and his guitar to make the show. 
He handles his solos with 
remarkable ease and lack «-
tension, and the speed and 
quickness have not disappeared. 
And despite the moronic calls of 
"play 'Layla' " he still perfonns it. What more could one want? 

••••• 

Rolling Stone's current cover story on Jackson Browne includes a few 
words on the art of tuning. Jackson said: "You've got to understand 
tuning. All you've got to do is take acid and try to tune your guitar, and 
you figure out that there's no such thing as being in tune." 

CPS Presents 

.. , 
/VI "'~ P J.KobI ".~ ........ .. ____ 

"" " "''''''''Je.lI,P'~I''''' 

Friday, Dec. 3 
Casaltlanca & 

Play it Again Sa .. 
7:00 p.m. & 9:30 p.m. 

USB 2722 $1.25 

Saturday, Dec. 4 

"Million Dollar legs" 
and 

"Those Magnificent men 
in their flying machines" 

W. C. Fields is the president of 
bankrupt Klopstokia. where all 
the men are named George, all 
of the women are Angela , 
everyone Is a sports addict and 
babies can jump six feet. Watch 
what happens when they enter 
the 1932 L. A. Olympics to save 
the coun try! 

TMMTF"~ Is a frantic comedy 
about an international air race 
from London to Paris . The fir t 
and best of iIIIlhe "race" movi~ 
It cotl1lcally depIcts I:.uropea~ 
rivalries , e pecially the Germans 
vs. the French 



• rI ...... h.ars ~Y, Deftmberl, m. 

WATCH FOR 

T E INCREDIBLE BREAD MACHINE 
TELEVI I N PE IAL 

The "Gone With The Wind" of Econolllics ... 
, , 

Outrageous, Gutsy, Provocative, Delightful, 
And IVI~ybe A Little Shoclting. 

WITH ARGUMENTS BY 

~A~"-~" 
. .. ~ ~ 

The Authors 
Pat rea Post, Susan Brown, 
and Karl Keating , the 
young staff with varied back-
grounds and opmlOns, who 
created The Incredible Bread 
Machine. 

Dr. MHton Friedman 
"A splendid film. It portrays very 
dramatically and graphically 
many of the problems that arise 
when we turn over a large por-
tion of our lives to bureaucrats." 

Dr. Walter W. HeUer 
"It's well done, but it does bother 
me that you put together such a 
chamber of horrors about gov-
ernment interference," 

Dr. Benjamin Rogge 
"The economic analysis is abso-
lutely sound and the communica-
tion is magnificent." 

"As the 'Bread Machine' film suggests, there is a new spirit gro~­
ing in the land, not simply an inchoate .mood of resentment against 
Big Government, but serious and systematic thought, combined 
with a flair ,and expertise in organization and communication, 
America could hardly have a better birthday present in the year of 
its Bicentennial, an anniversary that should remind us of the 
profound devotion of the American Revolutionaries to individual 
liberty." . 

-Fortune 

Friday, December 3rd 6:30 p.m. 
KPBS Channel 15 

This one· hour TV special includes the 32· minute award· winning "Incredible Bread 
Machine Film" plus provocative discussions with Heller, Friedman, and Rogge. 

For detailed information contact : World Research , Inc ., 11722 Sorrento Valley Road I San Diego, California 92121 (714) 755-9761 

Friday, December 3,117' triton time8 Page 7 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
fOR sAlE 

Ski Boots-Lange Devils, sllel0'h -M. Brand 
newl $100. Call 75!>-4259 leave name (12/5) 

Scuba gear - e~thlng but tank and 
l"llula tor . All new! Worth $300 + Sell for 
5200. Call 755-42591811 .. name. (12/5) 

Sklls R05Slgnoi Strati. 112 Jr 175 CM . 
Bol1oms good condo Metal top edge . No 
bindings $40. Call 75!>-7658. 

For Sale: Ski Boots. 3 yesrs old In good 
condition . Humanlc loam lilled , wil l fit size 
t().t QI}, loot $20. (12/3) 

For Sale: A Foldup Bed with mattress pad 
and lIat springs lor $25; and a double mat-
tress lor 52(1. (1)13) 

Great garage sale. Leaving country by 
sailboat. All day Frl & Sat. 713 Regal Rd. , 
Encini tas . 436-5692. 

Woman's lull length surling wet suit (Onell) -
. like new . Call 453-6275 after 5 p.m . 

26" Wood board Road Rider 4S with Bennett 
Trucks. Asking 525 . Call Eric all. 7 . Or leave 
meS5age 453-0780. 

Must Selill Peavey PA System. E.c condo 6 
chan head, 2 col speakers wi horns. 
Desperatet481-Q367 (t 215) 

Chouinard Technical Crampons - new 535 . 
Periormer Skateboard w /Bennetts & RR4's-
$50. Head Master - $15. 755-5872. 

8rand new stereo Garrard Turntable . ERC 
ccmponents Odyssey speakers $250. 453-
2970. Ask lor Betsy (1215) 

GREAT OIFT - sllk"creened mirrors - wood 
Irames SUPEA PRICES 'n 18tall. GOOD 
MORNINO '36-5489 - 454-«>09. 

PERSONAls 
IMPORTANT STUDY ABROAD AN -
NOUNCEMENT; Limited openings remain on 
CFS accredi ted Spring 1977 Academ ic year 
plOgrams commencing Spring t,lmeeter. 
Early acceptance Is now open lor Fall 77, 
Winter, Spring '78, or lull yeer '77-'78 In 
Moscow, Salamanca, PariS, ollon, Florence, 
Perugia, Copenhagen, Amstefdam , Vienna, 
Genova, England tor qualitled applicants In 
lal'9uages , all subjects Incl. int 'l law, 
business. All students in good standing 
eligible - .Freshmen, Sophomores, Juniors, 
Seniors, Grad . Good laculty relerences , selt-
motivation, sincere Interest In study abroad, 
Inl'l cultu ral e.change count more with CFS 
than grade point. For applications, II>-
formation: Center lor Foreign Study 
Admissions Dept. N, Box 606, Ann Arbor, MI 
48107 3131}i62-5575 (11 /29) 

Explore your past lives with Past Lives 
Regression Seminar. Introductory talk . 
Lutheran Genler (near SoSU) 5863 Hard~ 
Aye. Tues, Dec. 7 and Frt , Dec. 10, 7 :30 p.m . 
53. For inlormallon, caff 488-4910 or 583-
5763. Bring a friend . (1217) 

CREEP: One can care without possessing , 
get the me5sage?1 care . Luv Bundte. 

Going home over Xmas? Rent your room to, 
lesponslble senior, can pay lor own room. 
Mark 453-1243 (1215) 

Need to learn B6 700 Algot? Get a copy 01 
Algol on the B67oo: A Comptete Primer", a 

comple te & up-to-date new selt-teachlng 
textbook. Contact Don Gregory, 272-6159 
(AP&M 5301) (12/7) 

To All My Friends AT UCSO: "I'm gonna miss 
you at UCLA, but you don't know what you're 
miSSing. 

John 

Lance Romance- we lost our tooth,socome 
quick, you sex~ hunk of talryl Love Irom us 
both. 

Now that the quarter Is over - A.M ·C. P.S. 
Ecstasy e., Ecsta~yl 

For all the girls that lall lor me' I'm available 
In Argo 263 . 

Glen B-Manla 

Hey Nurds! Come to the UC-
SDUJSSDSUJSUH Fantazmagoric great 
Unnurdlsh retreat to have a blast Jan . 21 

I need 2 Christian male roommates . 1 mile to 
campus. Only S66 rent per month. It's real 

nl~ . 452-946t (1213) 

t F to share rm In 3 bdrm hse In Del Mar . 'h bl 
10 beach . Stans Win atr. Fum. $90 & 'I. utll , 
non·smoker. 755-3218 (12/3) 

F needed to share great Del Mat house near 
beach. Non·smoker. Call 755-7416 botlore X-
mas break (12/5) 

Male Roommate wanted, W inter Spring Otr • . 
MOdern condO In Sol. Beach 5125. w/utll . 
75~7896 

Roommates wen ted for Oet Mar dUple. for 
Sp,lng & Winter qtrs. Stepe to bMCh . 
Washer/dry .. CalI~(12/.' 

Roommate wanted to share Det Mar house. 
Own room, share bath. 579/mo . Call 755-
.25gevenlngs, leave name (t2/5) 

Female roommate needed to share room In 
Super Del Mar condo. 2 Bdrm, 2 Bath . 
581 .25/mo. 755-8593 (12/5) 

3 F-Rmates wanted for beach front house In 
Del Mat. Private beach . 5 bdrms, 3 baths, 
washer/drl. Fum. 5130 mo . Call 75!>-8236 
(12/5) 

Roommate wanted . olnectly on beach In 
Mission Beach. Own room that tooks over 
ocean. 5130lnegotlable. Dave 488-8227 
(12IS) 

Responsible male to share 2 Br. In Pac . Bch . 
Non-smOi<er, neat. Near Mission Bay & 
Ocean ; 272-9652; 425-5661 . (12/5) 

Female roommate. Own room. Congenial 
household with darl<room, fireplace. Block to 
beach . SI38 .89. 755-1334 (12/3) 

Responsible 22 yr . old senior pre-med needs 
Xmas hOusing , own room, for 3-A wks. Can 
pay. 453-1243 Mark (12 / 5) , 

WANTEd 
Will pay S20 a month to person allowing my 
dog to reside at their home. I supply food . 
Stacey 459-7823 (1215) 

Help Wanted-SIS + Ihr. Student to 
distribute revolutionary weight - reducing 
nutrient. Easy to sell , guaranteed effective . 
Contact John L· Sullivan's Gym, Mission 
Vielo (7141 581-9190 (12/S) 

Great white cat must lind temp. or perm. 
home - V, year Old . 453-72'5 ask for Jen. 
(12/3) 

Would you believe that there is a correlation 
between Headslze and Alpha Wave 
Irequency? We need a lew more big and 
small headS to complete our study . Corne on 
In to BSB3045 to sign up. The eeg only takes 
15 minutes. Al so gel a copy 01 your brain 
wave. An esoteric study break? Thanks to our 
previous subjects (12/3) 

F Roommate lor mid-Dec or Jan . 1st. Own 
rm , convenient location, lots 01 privacy, Call 
Chat or Sue. 276-6294 (1 213) 

Top Dollar paid lor U.S. Sliver coins mloted 
belore 1965. Also buying old U.S. coins . Caff 
Ken 755-7371 (1216) 

TRAVEl 
EUROPE, ISRAEL, AFRICA 

_ Student Charter flights yr . round, ISCA 1609 
Westwood Blvd . Ml03 L.A. 90024 2131826-
5669 (12/6) 

Full Serv ice Travel Agency. All carriers II>-
cludlng charters I Amerlcen Youth Hostel 
cards available. Call Beryel or Sam at TMT 
452-1981 . NO SERVICE CHARGE I (1216) 

SKI·SKI-SKI-SKt-SKt Join the UCSO Ski Club 
lor a 7 day Sk i-lest In Crested Butte, 
Colorado Dec. il-18. $159 Includes trans-
ponatlon , lifts, lodging and all the fun you 
can handle . For Inlo, contact Renee. Caff ext. 
4038. (1216) 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUSI New Yorl< & 
Europe flights . PSA reservations CIEE 
Student Travel Services, open Mon. , Wed., 
Fri. 12-4 pm. Call 452-0630 (12/6) 

Wanted-peopfe needing rides for Xmas 
vacation along 1-5 . Prefer In Nor Cal il. Call 
Ladd 453-824S (121) 

Typing IBM term papers , theses , dlsser· 
latlons ,edltlng, rush lobs . 560-8271 - 453-
0656(1215) 

Tutoring In math by lormer UCSO math depl. 
T·A· Bruce. 481 -763. (12/5) 

EARN UP TO S300 PER SEMESTER OR 

Lost . backpack end lab notebook. Pack has 
chicken power on back Please return to Saler 
Lab B·B. 

• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ••••• 

I LOST MY KEYS. 3 KEYS WITH SWISS 
ARMY KNIFE. PLEASE RETURN TO TT 
OFrICE. 

~o )fore Classifieds 
Lost-Btack sweater with black beadwork on 
the front. Somewhere on Muir Nov. 30. Call 
Teresa 7S5-5478. 

But Come back next year 
, ............................................. . 

Lost : Buck Ioiding hunting knile . Name 
engraved on blade . Call 453-1048 atter7 p.m. 

Lost-one pair tortoise shell ladles sun 
sensitive glasses . Call 453-8204 Dianne 
(1113) 

Lost brass diaperpin keyrlng . Lost In USB 
2722. If lound plea&e call Debbie 453-7493. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Come hear Ellz Beth Prophet on "Trans-
figuration & Science" 7:30 p .m. Frl. Muir 
Biology Bldg. 11 03 FREE. 

Attention Muir Seniors .Mak~ ~~~~ 
graduation a gleat one - sign up lor Ihe 
graduation committee in the Dean 's olilce. 
(t2IS) 

Correction: Drama dpt. Special event , UCSO 
theatre, Matthews, " EI Garden" by Garlos 
Monon wifi be presented under the direction 
01 Jorge Huerta . 8 p.m. Thurs ., Frl., Sat. 
General admission 52. Tickets at UCSD 
Theatre ticket nlflce. 

Tax relief 
.,hen you need it! 
RetirelDent 
as you like it! 
With an Individual Retirement Account (IRA) 
If you're employed, but have no retirement plan, 
a tax-deferred Home Federal IRA is perfect. 

You can deposit up to $1500 a year (or 
15% of wages- whichever is less) and deduct 
it from your income on your Federal and 
State tax return. And you pay no taxes on the 
interest it earns until withdrawn. 

Or, if you've left a company with cash 
from stock, profit sharing, or retirement 
plan, you can avoid current taxes by 
opening an IRA within 60 days of 
receipt. 

Of course, at Home Federal, your 
savings are insured to $40,000. The 
chart below shows you how fast your 
money multiplies at Home Federal. 

You pay no tax on principal or interest 
until you retirE! (at age 59lf.! or olded, 
when you will probably be in a reduced 
tax bracket. 

For more details on cutting taxes and 
happier retirement, call or visit your 
nearest office of Home Federal. 

Account must be opened and 
contributed to by December 31. 

If you are self·employed, we can help you build/or retirement 
by opening a Keogh Account. 

Annual Total Interest 
Deposit· Deposited Earned·· 

Account 
Total··· 

r---------------I Mail to: Home Feder.1 SlYillp of SIn Dieco I Retirement PJ.ns Suite 1220 
701 BrNcIw.y 6 $ 9,000 $ 2,907.71 l 11,907.71 

10 15,000 8,544.70 23,544 .70 I SIn Dieeo, CA 92101 MUCH MOREl Campus Rep! wanted to post ~ distribute tor commission. Lines guaranteed 
to sell. Aggres ive, motivated persons. Few 
hours weekly . Send resume & S2 lor iob 
description, In fO. sheets, application lorms, 
post & handlg . Upon acceptance receive 
coding number, memb. card , work manual 
free With first weekly commission check 
receive your $2 beck . Write Nationwide 
Collegiate Marketing Services, Bo. 1384; 
Ann Arbor. MI481 06. 

Typing. tBM Correcting Selectric II. Thesis , 
termpepera, etc. Cafl 452-1588 after 5 '00 
(12/5) 

A blue beck peCk at Bk Store 11123. Has 
glasses . chern , hum not.a. If found, call 
Christy 453-9854. 

Loal Of atolen. '" 01 runntng ahorte 
w/Bullwlnkte on t"-. C,..t .. nt . ""tue. 
"'h." to n office. 

15 22,500 21,706.60 44,206.60 
20 30,000 44,646.37 74,646.37 
25 37,500 81,991.21 119,49 1.21 
30 45,000 140,558.03 185,558.03 

'Based Of\ annual dePOSltsol St ~ made December J I nth 1m 
··Pfottded UrAl nit based on current Interest ratts. sn fUf minimum 

term ProJKlell ,.,nlnp If ,nterest and Pf'II"'P'! Ife left In account to 
m.tufltr 
fedtral fecu~tlOl1s req¥lff subst.nh., Inleltsllorlelture I' fu~ .,thdt.wn 
belOft lfI.tuflty (Minimum tlfm rtql,uremenl ... lwed ,tter 'Ie 59~ ~ 
··'MethOd 0' (alcI.IIIIICUII¥III.ble UpotllfqlJest 

I Please send me more deta ils on Home Federal's' 
I 0 Individual Retirement Account 0 Keogh Plan 
I 0 Corporate Retirement Plans I Name ______________________ ___ 
I Address 
I City ~tate I 
I l ip Phone I 

·---------------1 
Your $2 Billion Family Finan lal Center 

HOME FEDEAAL SA\1NG 
of San I )iego 

Home Federal' ng' and Loan A "'lIOn of an 0"90 



..... 

to Westerne 
J_1Ialperba 

Staff Writer 
PIa",e; by poor ball-band1in8 

and a porous defenae the UCSD 
JV bukttball team wu out-
scored, lINe, by the usru 
Westerners last Wednesday in 
the main gym. 

The Tritons, led by the clever 
shooting of freshman guard John 
Cox and the steady board play « 
Randy Meis and Bob Peterson, 
managed to stay close with the 

Randy Meis 
IT. T . Photo Sha nnon Aikman) 

running and gunning of the 
Westerners, trailing by just three 
points at the half, 45-42. 

In the final twenty minutes of 
play , however , the Trito" s ' 
constant turnovers gave the 
contest to USIU. With onl/ two 
minutes gone in the second half 
and the Tritons down by just one 
point, 46-47, the Westerners ran 
off ten unanswered points with 
the aid of five straight San Diego 

Give 
Santa a Hand 

by buying all your 
X-mas gifts at a 
d iscount at the 

Village Beauty Supoly 
For Mom or your best Gill : 

Purses and cosmetic 
bags from 2.33 to 4.75 
Jelln Nllt. 'ovely gifts 

from 2.79 to 6.39 
lovely bath gifts 3.19 

Yllrdley (Tweed and Old 
engl ish Lavender) Irom 4.52 to 5.67 

For Dad or your best Guy: 
Roar for the sensuous 

lion 2.29 to 6 .95 
Russllln Leather 2.29 to 3.00 

For Guys orGals 
blow dryers and soaps 

VILLAGE 
SUPPLY 

737 PEARL 
Ooo't be mistaken . The address of our 
plaza is on Pearl but our entrance is off 
the parking lot on Eads , j ust south of 
Pearl. Ente!" on Eads. we're In the plaza 
with Dick 's liquor & Lord Byron 's 
Cookies. 

459-0722 

tumovers. 
. The Tritons never managed to 

get clOlel' than eleven points for 
the rest « the game. 'lbey were 
forced to play catch-up buk~ 
ball, which is not the Triton style 
fOl"play. 

When asked why his team 
chose to run with the quicker 
USIU squad, coach King 
Wayman answered : " Because of 
our lack of height (freshman Stan 
Hopper is the tallest man on the 
squad at 6'4") we are going to try 
and run our first few gamep. If 
that does not worA: we are going 
to have to slow down." Wayman 
then added, "This is a young and I 
inexperienced squad, the next 
few games will tell us what we 
need to do. I feel there is 
definitely room for im-
provement. " 

Despite the loss, there were 
some bright spots for the Tritons. 
Freshman guard Scott Hall tied 
classmate Stan Hoppel for high 
point honors with 22. Hall was 
able to penetrate well as he 
scored most of his points on 
smart drives to the basket. In the 
rebounding department , tl:1e 
aggressive board work by Meis, 
Peterson and Tom Griffin put 
UCSD on top in that category 39-
33. 

If the JV ca gers are to do wen 
this season, they will have to cut 
down on the turnovers and settle 
down into a more patterned style 
of play. The talent is definitely 
there for a successful winter, but 
only time will tell. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
During the W inter and Spring . 
Quarters 19n, Professor Arthur 
Hyman, Chairma n of the Depar-
tment of Philosophy at Yeshiva 
University, will be V isi t in g 
Professor of Philosophy. Professor 
Hyman's work has mostly been in 
the are of Jewish and Arabic 
Medieval Philosophy. He is the 
author, with J.J . Walsh , of 
"Philosophy in the Middle Ages: 
The Christian, Islamic and Jewish 
Traditions" . At UCSD Professor 
Hyman will teach, in the Winter 
Quarter, Judaic Cultural Trad itions 
1 B, dealing with modern and 
contemporary Jew ish relig ious and 
intellectua l movements; a nd in th e 
Spring Quarter, Philosophy 103 , 
Medieva l Phil osophy, and a new 
Upper Division course, Cultural 
Trad itions 100, Ethica l and Social 
Theories in the Juda ic Trad iti on. He 
will also be one of the lecturers 
during the Spri ng Quarter in the 
new course sequence on Medieva l 
Cultura l Trad itions. 

i~ ~W;, 
MM~ Mtr,., 

fInt/ sp«itt pst 

BILL WITHEI(S 
....... ,H IJ«III1JJtt 1~ 7:JlM 

S4n DiegIJ CIVIC REATItE 
Tickets • . 50" $7.50 Avai"ble It the II .... 

Civic Tt.tre Oll"ets 
For Information CIII 231·15 1 0 

~/~)1~~ " ~ 

............ 'H 

Ceci Smith 
IT. T. Photo Bill Brooks ) 

by Judy Walton 
Staff Writer 

With a new season just un-
derway, UCSD's women's swim 
team is plunging ahead full steam. 
Workouts, weightlifting, running 
and disciplined training are 
combining to shape up a promising 
team this year. The real payoff 
came Friday, Nov. 19, when UCSD 
slid past Pomona 67~ in the first 
dual competition of the season. 

After the victory, coach Diana 
Dann maintained her overall 
satisfaction with the team up to 
date. "However," she added, " We 
still need some refinement and 
more work on our starts, turns, and 
stroke techniques." 

Next quarter Dann hopes to 

lengthen the workout schedule 
from one and a half to two hours 
daily, . increasing the average 
practice distance " from ap-
proximately two miles a workout 
to at least three." Weight training 
and the running program will also 
be stepped up to gear for the tough 
competition the team will face. 

There are currently 23 members 
on the women's swim team, with 
many returnees from previous 
years. Among these are Ceci 
Smith, Karen Olson, Lorraine 
Gibson, and Julie Hover, 'who 
entered several events apiece in 
the Pomona meet. Each took first 
in at least one of these, helping 
UCSD to the final victory. The 
point spread would have been even 
more deciSive had UCSD entered 

'New Look' Tennis Team 
Could· Be UCSO's Best Yet 

The San Diego State tennis team 
might be looking over their 
shoulders a little more this season. 
U~D coach Tad Yamaguchi has 
put together what he feels could be 
the best squad in the school's 
history. 

With the season to open next 
quarter, the "new look" Tritons 
have been working hard in an-
ticipation of what should be their 
finest campaign. 

In the past the Tritons have gone 
with an older, more experienced 
team composed of mainly juniors 
and seniors. This year the San 
Diegans are led by two freshmen, 
Paul Metsch and Mike McMahon. 

Metsch is an all-CIF player from 
Riverside, who is considered one of 
the top players in the Southern 
California circuit. McMahon is a 
local product who played his prep 
tennis in the San Diego area. 

Complementing the flashy fresh-
men will be East Coast netter Jack 

Broudy. Broudy, a junior, played 
number five singles for North 
Carolina State before coming to the 
sunny shores of California . 
Broudy's steady play will con-
tinually give opposing players 
problems. 

Providing the veteran flavor to 
the squad will be returning varsity 
members Jon Gerdsen, Alex 
Rosenthal, Nick White, Billy 
Heins, and Morgan Magid. Joel 
Berchin, Kurt Campbell, and 
Shack Fisher are returning players 
that can fill in for any of the 
regulars. 

Despite the obvious talent, the 
Triton's main strength will be their 
depth. Yamaguchi was often 
forced to play matches with second 
stringers last season because of the 
lack of depth. This season the 
Tritons will rely on depth along 
with the newcomers to give San 
Diego State, alJ well as the rest of 
the league, a run for their money. 

the ., indtYicluaI medley. Since 
they did not have an eatry in this 
event, ~ took aU. points for 
It. 

New liN on the team who also 
performed well were Marian 
Shennan, Janet Nimmo, Tamara 
ArUalr, Arlene Vernon, Lynn· 
Zelechowski, Bomie Burton and 
Cathy Carroll. 

"I am not only pleased with the 
overall perfo~ « the girls," 
said Dann, "But some of the times 
wp.re redly outstanding. The times 
at the Pomona meet were much 
lower than I expected ... 

Of special attention to the 
women's swim team is tbe one-
woman diving team composed of 
Sheila Bronson. She is a dedicated 
athlete who is a great asset to the 
team. " Her points definitely 
helped us win our meet with 
Pomona," said Dann. ·Bronson is 
currently trying to work out a 
practice schedule for her diving. 

The next meet coming up will be 
held at home, Jan. fl, against 
Ambassador College. Volunteers 
interested in keeping score, 
timing, or otherwise assisting at 
the meet are urged to contact Dann 
at her office in the Physical 
Education Department. 

Coach Diana Donn 
[T. T. Photo Bill Brooks] 

OpiniOn ••• 
[Coatblued from Page %] 

But this is just my opinion. The 
ideas « all UCSD students on this 
subject should be solicited. 
Although Saxon does not seem to 
consider student opinion im-
portant, this should not stop the 
UCSD administration from 
determining the opinion of students 
on the issue. 

This step must be taken befbre 
any decision made on the semesU!r 
issue can be truly legitimate. - Chip 
Delany 

Tlae9ade 
.... "fb_ 

"Ie.f wttlllroccoH" 

BEST 
MANDARtN 

CUlStNE 
1>9II.n HOUIS, 
II_Thur5-10 

Frt-Se.I-11 
CIOMdWed 

I" ....... 
utS1) Stne., to 

AMPLE PARKtNG 
.. 11842 

5nl LaJolla8'wd. 

... , .. 
end Lunch 

a.wd 


