
Late-afternoon fog covers Pacific . V ievv is over La Jolla Farms. (TT photo : Nathan 
Meyers) 

Funds for UC Overenrollment Denied 
by Chris Bowman 

Staff Writer 
SACRAMENTO-The University 

is locked in a controversy with 
Gov. Brown over funding to sup-
port thousands of students 
currently enrolled for faI11976 . 

In an attempt to force the 
University to meet the state's 
limited ability to pay, the governor 
has omitted from his proposed 
1976-77 budget money that UC is 
seeking to support an unan-
ticipated enrollment of about 3400 
undergraduates and 1133 Extended 
University students. 

As a result the University will 
consider turning away qualified 
students next year, UC President 
Saxon told a Regent's committee 
last Thursday. Entering first-year 
and transfer students would still be 
given highest priority, Saxon said, 

but otherwise qualified students 
might have to be denied admission. 
These students would presumably 
include out of state students and 
intercampus transfers. 

Saxon has dIsputed claims by the 
governor that the University can 
find the funds to pay for · the 
overenrollment. 

" We are squeezed," Saxon told a 
news conference Friday at the 
conclusion of the Board of Regent's 
two-day meeting in San Francisco. 
" I'm going to tell Gov. Brown that 
we need the money. We're talking 
about real students currently 
enrolled in the University." 

The Regents authorized Saxon to 
seek a supplementary state ap-
propriation of $1.85 milliQn to pay 
for the overenrolled students for 
next school year. But Saxon said 
support of these students must 

continue for three more years . 
The 1975 state budget authorizes 

the state Director of Finance to 
give UC supplementary funds for 
unanticipated additional 
enrollments. Saxon said he 
believed the inadequate funding 
was a " misunderstanding" which 
came as a surprise to him when he 
viewed the governor's 1976-77 
budget. 

But Brown's press secretary Bill 
Stall said Friday , " I don't think it 
was a misunderstanding on the 
part of the governor or the finance 
department. He feels that there is 
probably sufficient flexibility in 
the UC budget with the additional 
funds for instructional support-
close to $4 million-that they should 
be able to handle it." 

Activi st is Senate Candidate 

This approach, however, would 
lead to a heated controversy in the 
legislature. That body for years 
has been insisting that UC s~end its 
funds only on those items for which 
the funds are allocated in the 
budget. Hayden to Speak Here 

The Brown budget is pending 
the performance of Tunney in the . before the legislature, but the 
Senate. He claims that Tunney's governor has vet~ p~wer over 
voting record in the upper whatever budget It fmally ap-
chamber has not been unlike proves. 

Tom Hayden, a Democratic 
candidate for US Senate, will make 
a campaign appearance here at UC 
San Diego tomorrow at Revelle 
plaza. 

Hayden is chailenging the in-
cumbent junior senator, John V. 
Tunney, for the Democratic 
1I0mination in this June's primary. 

Hayden, one of the founders of 
the Students for a Democratic 
SOCiety (SOS), has been critical of 

Tom Hayden 

that of many Republicans. Brown's action is apparently 
Hayden has just finished a four unpreced nted in that money tied 

year stint as the national coor- to enrollment dollars never has 
dina tor of the Indochina Peace been withheld by the state in the 
Campaign. Hayden was an active past, though other areas of UC's 
and vocal member of the anti-war budget requests have been 
movement for a decade and wrote trimmed or eliminated. 
many articles and books on the According to tall , Brown will 
Indochina war. assist Saxoh in finding money for 

Hayden, 35, was active in the the 3400 stUdents only if the 
Civil Rights movement during his University can demonstrate to him 
college years at the University of that " it cannot absorb the cost 
Michigan. He has also worked as a within the budget without cau ing 
community organizer in Newark undue hardship." 
for four years. Saxon ha written a letter to the 

He has been a contributing editor governor and plans to pi ad the 
for Rolling Stone magazin as well University's cas "with all p r-
as author of articles for the New uasiveness." 
York Times, Rampart and th The University was unsu ces ful 
New York Revl w of Books. in persuading the stat to continue 
Hayden is also the author of five upportin I th Ext nded 
books. University-a program to m t the 
. Hayden has also been a college needs of peopl who cannot att nd 
Instructor and has traveled ex- r gular hool ions. No n w 
tensively on the univ rsity lecture tud nts will be admitted and when 
circuit. current students g t th ir d 'r 

Hayden will be in the San Diego th program will end. 
area all day tomorrow. He will al 0 On motiv b hind Brown' 
speak in Del Mar at 3 pm at 1. mov appear to be hi on rn 
James Acad my . ' ""Unu d on page 8 

Tomorrow's ,Hearings 
May Be Postponed 

Attorneys To Ask For Continuance 
by Mark Stadler 

News Editor 
The fate of hearings scheduled 

for tomorrow for nine students 
charged in the Nov. 25 demon-
stration hinges on the outcome of a 
meeting today between the 
students ' attorneys and the 
officer, APIS professor Robert 
Lugannani. 

The hearings, if they are not 
called off, are scheduled for 
tomorrow morning at 9:00 and 
Frid'ay at 10 :00, in the Recreation 
Gym conference room, Vice 
chancellor and Dean of George 
Murphy said Monday. 

At the meeting this afternoon at 
1 :30 the students ' attorneys will 
ask for a continuation of the 
hearings for at least three weeks, 
Peter Schey, one of those at-
torneys. aid yesterday. Schey said 
the continuation is being requested 
for two main reasons . 

One reason is that the students, 
who have not been identified yet, 
believe UC President Saxon, who 
cannot attend tomorrow, is a vital 
witness to their defense. Saxon has 
scheduling problems, according to 
Murphy. 

" Eleetion of Remedies" 
In addition, the " election of 

remedies has to be finalized," 
Schey said. Although the open 
hearing system has . been 
scheduled, the students' attorneys 
have maintained that campus 
regulations allow for a three-way 
option-either the hearing officer, 
the individual college judicial 
councils" or the campus-wide 
Committee on Student Conduct 
(cesC). 

Murphy, on the other hand, has 
said that the hearing officer 
system is the only proper course 
because the s tudents have 
requested hearings that are open 
and adversarial in nature . He said 
campus regulations stipulate that, 
under those circumstances, the 
hearing officer is the correct 
course. 

Murphy said there were dif-
ficulties with the other options. 
The college councils could not be 
used, he said, because the students 
charged go to different colleges 
and the alleged offenses took place 
on different campuses. 

And the cesc has not been 
formed :;ince 1971 , although 
Murphy is trying to assemble one 
this year. 

Continued on Page 6 

CIA Spying 
On Campuses 
Reported 

The Central Intelligence Agency 
(CIA ) spi d on political activists at 
three major US universities during 
1970-71 . 

The spying - part of 'Operation 
Chaos' - was conducted at Utah 
State, Brown and Boston 
Universities. Th CIA also kept 
track of American dissid nts in 
their travels aboard, and kept files 
on Socialist Workers Party head 
Peter Camejo. 

The new information on CIA 
campus spying is contained in 
documents released to the SWP 
following a court order. The party 
i suing the CIA and the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation, charging 
illegal harassment. 

The information on Camejo was 
released to him under the Freedom 
of Information Act. 

Operation Chao 
Some information on Operation 

Chaos was included in the report of 
Vice-president Nelson 
Rockefeller's commission on in-
telligence in June of last year. 
However, the specific universities 
where spying was carried on were 
not listed then. 

Continued on page 8 

University Finances In 
Bad Shape- McElroy 



Attack on Qumran Called Cowardly 
Daniel Huyser's letter (TI, Jan. 

23) commenting on the Qumran 
community was cowardly and 
shallowly written. 

commonly held, but he did cite 
primary document evidence and 
sch01ars, as well as opposing 
scholars, for his lecture. 

Huyser demonstrated his 
inability to cope with primary 
evidence by hiding behind thirty 
books found in the Central Library 

about Qumran, but not mentioning 
what they say. I hope others do not 
fall into this error of philosophical 
speculation, but they would at least 
examine the primary source 
documents before coming to any 
conclusions. GEORGE POST 

Cowardly, in that despite all his 
confident assertions, he never 
brought up these issues during the 
one hour question time im-
mediately following the lecture, 
nor did he bring them up during the 
question time the following day. 

It is always easy to construct a 
hypothetica 1 situation and then 
tear it apart. However, it is 
another thing to confront someone 
who has studied the field and has 
substantial evidence to refute 
commonly held theories. Dr. 
Hoehner cJ.::arJy brought up o~ 
posing modern viewpoints, but 
upon comparison with primary 
source documents (New 
Testament and Dead Sea Scrolls), 
their theories did not match the 
evidence available to us for 
examination. 

Esmedina Rebuked: Joni 
Shows Variation of Moods 

Huyser then commits the un-
pardonable error of placing 
modern authorities over the 
evidence. Instead, he relies upon 
their judgments as fact instead of 
consulting primary source 
documents. This error is often 
repeated in courses taught at 
UCSD. Professor Avrum Stroll 
himself points out this type of 
logical fallacy in his manual 
Philosophy Made Simple: " It is not 
the prestige of an author which 
makes a statement true or false , 
but rather the citing of evidence 
either to confirm or disconfirm the 
sta tement. " 

Granted , Dr. Hoehner 
represented a viewpoint not 

A few comments on Steve 
Esmectina's Roxy Music/Joni 
Mitchell review (1'1', Jan. 7). 

While I have no qualms about 
anyone saying that Bryan Ferry is 
a major artist, I find Esmo's 
declaration of him being a genius 
to be a bit too much. Chuck Berry 
is a genius too. But can they ex-
plain the theory of relativity ? 
Ferry is only a consistent artist, 
which is more than one could ask of 
anyone in a field whose essential 
vocabulary is so limited. Rather, 
Ferry displays a genius, or in-
stead, demonstrates an un-
compromising ability to remain 
fresh. But I doubt seriously that 
Ferry could discuss Beyond Good 
and Evil at a length longer than 
what someone's told him. 

Also, to lump Peter Townsend · 
with Bruce Springsteen under a 
"manufactured mytlunonger" tag 
is to belie one's need for affect. 
Townsend used to be a vital part of 
the rock scene and his songs, 
despite annoying mrtations with 

Commentary 

art for it's own sake, nonetheless 
typified a time a lot of us grew up 
in. Before Esmo rebuts with some 
diatribe, let me say that Townsend 
has outlived his usefulness and his 
recent work is as dispassionate as 
a teflon skillet. Still, his rep is 
deserved, if overstated like 
Dylans'. And some people know 
what I think of Dylan. 

In turn , I disagree totally with 
his opinion of Mitchell's The 
Hissing of Summer Lawns. I resent 
her effervescent prettiness as 
much as anyone, but Hissing shows 
variation of moods and modes, 
against which Tom Scott and crew 
supply agile and supple backdrops 
(they may be hacks for hire, but 
are brilliantly so). The mud level 
world view, admittedly vicarious, 
proves to be a limited expansion of 
Mitchell's persona, which I assume 
means the same thing as artistic 
growth. At least she gives 
something for us pundits to 
squabble about. 

TED NAVIN BURKE 

Wanna Student Government? Tonight at 8 
by Craig Uchida 
Opinion Edi tor 

Student government makes a 
guest appearance tonight at 8 in 
the student center. 

The Board of Authority (BOA), a 
subject of recent and extensive 
controversy, will be discussed as 
the four student councils, the GSC 
and the Student Cooperative will 
educate themselves and perhaps 
make a unified decision on the 
proposal. The next step will be a 
discussion wi th Vice-chancellor 
and DEan of Student Affairs 
George Murphy and then, maybe, 
the BOA will be implemented. 

More important, the meeting will 

be a further step towards 
unification of the student council 
and perhaps an emergence of a 
legitimate student government. 

Although the Student 
Cooperative attempted to 
legitimize itself, for all intents and 
purposes it is close to death. It s 
destruction, perhaps through the 
press, perhaps through its own 
undoing, cannot and should not be 
cheered. 

At its inception, the basic ideas 
for a well run student government 
were apparent but the outrageous 
factionalism that occurred insured 
the demise. The ideas are still 
there, some energy remains, but 

UC an Diego 

Mark Woeiller 
ilaDaglng editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

Crail( Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

araJ. Lowen 
ommunity Editor 

DaveEi u 
ports editor 

John H. Taylor 
Editor-in-chief 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

Anile Liebler 
Copyedilor 

Kenzie Nicoll 
Business Manager 

Daniel hawler 
Arts ditor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manag"r 

new directions must be found if the 
Coop is to be restored. 

As for the student councils, most 
of their energy has been spent with 
their respective college affairs , 
occasionally meeting together to 
discuss the mechanisms of a 
campus-wide dance. Never has 
there been any real effort by these 
councils to involve themselves with 
the issues of the University as a 
whole. 

As a member of the Revelle 
Council (RCCA), I have found this 
to be true. As a grollp, we have 
been caught up in the bureaucracy 
of the administration, carrying out 
the duties of the council with 
regularity -- passing budget 
requests, appointing committee 
representatives and discussing 
matters that have already been 
acted upon. 

In other words, there have been 
no student 'initiated causes worthy 
of mention. 

Part of the problem is within , 
ourselves and the atmosphere at 
UCSD. 

It is difficult within this in-
stitution to become thoroughly 
involved in student government. 
Most students arc concerned with 
thei r ~rades and classes, and 
rightfully so, but those of us in-
volved in some phase of govern-
ment must " reorder priorities" 
and place government in a higher 
position. 

It mans putting more time and 
energy into th responsibilities of 
thc councils. Toni~ht's me tinl( is a 
p,lrt of that responsibility. I hope 
,om thing ca n b aehi ved. 

Wcdnesday, January 28,1976 

IRI 
Roasting Loeb 

One of the fastest-selling books in the country isn't on the best-seller list 
yet because the people of New Hampshire gobble it up before it can get 
out of the state. But I bought one at a shoestand, at Dover - all 472 
devastating pages of it - when I was up there with Ronald Reagan, and 
smuggled it out. Pretty soon maybe you can buy one, too. They'regoing 
at about 5,000 a week ($5.95 paperback) and its called "Who the Hell is 
William Loeb?" by Kevin Cash. Seventy-thousand are now in type and 
Cash, who created the Amoskeag Press, Inc., publishers, of Manchester 
NH after 11 regular publishers turned him down, is arranging now for 
national distribution. 

The New Hampshire presidential primary comes in just one month, 
and is the first in the nation's quadrennial process of picking the world's 
most powerful political leader. Loeb owns the only statewide newspaper 
in New Hampshire, where for 30 years he has attempted, and sometimes 
has succeeded, in skewing the results with venomous, personal , arch-
conservative front page editorials. Churned by Loeb, the NH primary is 
peculiarly treacherousj consider the record . Republicans in 1964 gave 
Henry Cabot Lodge a writen majority although he wasn't even on the 
ballot. and Goldwater, who had Loeb's support, ultimately doomed 
himself by favoring " voluntary" social security and advocating sending 
the marines into Guantanomo. 

Four years later, George Romney dropped out in New Hampshire after 
his " I was brainwashed"gaffe on Vietnam: and Gene McCarthy's high 
score in the primary caused Lyndon Johnson not to run. In 1972, Loeb 
peddled the preposterous Mayor Sam Yorty of Los Angeles for President, 
and printed the "Canuck" dirty-trick letter that tripped up Sen. Muskie. 
And nolY again in 1976, Loeb's candidate Ronald Reagan is trying to 
explain his "$90 billion" budget cut proposal, getting in deeper all the 
time (he told a ew Hampshire audience that if poor people don't like the 
way states save on welfare payments ilnder his plan they could always 
move to another state.) 

Loeb operates in this antique, feudal fiefdom with wllat Theodore H. 
White calls " the paranoid Manchester Union Leader." Some people 
cringe as they did to Joe McCarthy. When Dr. Thomas N. Bonner came to 
head New Hampshire University, he thought Loeb a " laughable Nean-
derthal ," but then the Loeb attack came: "It was then' I learned that New 

. Hampshire was afraid." New Hampshire has no sales nor income tax, 
ranks 50th among states in per capita support of higher education, and 
Loeb has helped drive one president after another from the university 
under a system (says Bonner), that cows " politicians, churchmen, 
professional leaders. university trustees." 

On November 7, 1960, JFK, in a speech in fro nt of his newspaper office, 
charged that Loeb, " has less regard for the truth" thlln any publisher he 
knew. Loeb responded characteristically in an editor ial headlined, "The 
No. I Liar in the United States." 

Loeb greeted Rocky's visit to New Hampshire in 1964 with one of his 
fl;ont page editorials calling him a " wife swapper," and was relatively 
mild to Gene McCarthy whom he merely called a "Skunk's Skunk's 
Skunk." Kevin Cash publishes an appendix of Loeb epithets: Dwight 
Eisenhower, "That stinking hypocrite:" Muskie, "Moscow Muskiej " 
Kissinger, " Kissinger the Kike?," President Ford, " Jerry the Jerk ." 
Richard Nixon, who valued Loeb's political support, pardoned Jimmy 
Hoffa, who had given the Union Leader a $2 million loan . 

And so, in Cash's phrase, "Who the hell is William Loeb?" Born in 1905, 
he is the son of~eddy Roosevelt's confidential secretary j he had all the 
advantages, went to the best schools, and has always seemed a loner and 
a misfit. One's wonder about him deepens in reading Cash's bookj surely 
he is an authentic American eccentric. Every visitor to his baronial 
demesne at Prides Crossing, Mass (he lives outside New Hampshire ), 
remarks on his gracious personal manners, though both he and his third 
wife, a publishing heiress, believe in self-protection by firearms. (He shot 
the Union Leader's office cat.) 

Loeb frequently attacks wives and daughters of opponents on " moral" 
grounds, the latest victim being Betty Ford. Take the case of 15-year old 
Mcg Peterson, daughter of the NH governor, who in 1969, incautiously 
told a reporter ~hat she saw nothing wrong with smoking pot. Loeb 
mounted a characteristic crusade against her family. Finally Gov. 
Peterson bought a front page advertisement in the Union Leader for 
$840.18, imploring Loeb to "stop picking on my 15 year old daughter ... 
why not pick on someone your own size?" Loeb's editorial response was 
headed, " Poor Pa, Poor Meg." Besides Betty Ford, he has also attacked 
Jacqueline Kcnnedy, Eleanor McGovern and Jane Muskie. 

Cash says I.oeb wasn't mentioned in his father 's will, and his mother 
disowned him. Maybe the secret is that at Hotchkiss, according to author 
Cash, they referred to' him as " the Jew kid." This explains, perhaps, why 
Loeb has twice done an astonishing thing: published the facsimile of his 
baptismal certificate, signed by the Episcopal bishop of Washington, with 
Thcodore Roosevelt ami Edith Kermit Roosevelt as sponsors, first on the 
front page of his Vermont paper, and again on page one of the Union 
Leader, with a headline, "Intolerance is Not in New Hampshire's 
Tradition." They are collector's items. 

It is fun to watch outside reporters recoil at first sight of Loeb's paper. 
Sure enough, traveling with Reagan this month, we found an authentic 
front page Loeb editorial in block print saying that " there may have been 
bigger incompetents and bigger fools" than Ford in the White House but, 
if ~o, "history has not recorded them !" 

Yes, he goes for a jugular. And this raises a question for Ford's 
Republican opponent: " You know about Publisher Loeb. You know his 
rccord. As a candidate for the Presidency you are trying to help restore 
decency to American public life. Do you, Ronald Reagan , accept William 
J ,oeb's support?" 

The T"lon Times Is recognized by Ihe Communlcalions Board oJ UCSO.s lhe official 
sludenl newspaper Pubhcallon IS on Monday •• Wednesdays and Fridays dUring Ihe 
regUlar school year (excepl on offiCial hohdays) Ellllorlal and bYsiness 0"«;.' are 
loealed In 117 Blake Hall on lhe R ... elle College campu • • UnlVerS,ly 01 Cali lorn I • • San 
0"'9 0 

Leiters 10 lhe Ed,lor and oP,",on cOlumns ar. welcomed All suOmlSSlons should be 
typed on a 74·space I,"e on nonerasaOI paper They should nOI exceed Ihres pages In 
length oouble-spaced The Triton Times reserves the nOht to edtt submiSSions becau e 
01 space Ilmil lions or stvle requirement s 

FOf edl\Orlal. call 452·3466 lor OuSln.s d d .. play advetl'SemenlS c.II .52·~68 
Enllfe conten ls cOPy"ghl1 76. Trlion Times 

Wednesday, January 28, 1976 Page three 

(urin Cancer, Part II 
Vitamin A Deficiency, Smoking and Lung Cancer 

by Mark McCarty 

Recent data indicates that 
smokers receiving inadequate 
dietary vitamin A ~y be at a 
substantially greater fisk (or lung 
cancer than those smokers whose 
diet provides at least the minimal 
daily requirement of this vitamin. 

Polycyclic hydrocarbons are the 
most frequently implicated car-
cinogens of tobacco smoke. Such 
hydrocarbons may be shown ex-
perimentally to induce tumors in a 
variety of organs in many animal 
species. The polycyclic 
hydrocarbons most often used in 
carcinogenesis studies are 
dimethylbenzanthracene (DMBA), 
benzo (a) pyrene (BP), and 3-
methylcholanthrene (MCA) . 

A number or experimental 
studies in animal systems indicate 
that polycyclic hydrocarbon 
carcinogenesis is less effective in 

I animals receiving relatively high 
regular doses of vitamin A 
(retinol ) or related compounds. 

be inhibited by topical application 
of retinol, retinyl acetate, and 
beta-carotene. 

Hyperplastic and metaplastic 
changes in mouse prostate organ 
culture due to MCA could be 
blocked by simultaneous ad-
ministration of retinol or three 
other analogs (l..asnitzki and 
Goodman, 1974) . 

The preceding is only a partial 
list of published studies in which 
vitamin A was shown to inhibit 
pol ycyc lic hydrocarbon car· 
cinogenesis. 

Illustration Mark Robb 

tracheas taken from vitamin A 
deficient than for those taken from 
hamstprs maintained on adequate 
daily vitamin A. 

This result seems to be explained 
by the work of Hill and Shih (1975), 
who showed that the mixed fun-
dion oxidase (of the lungs and 
livers of mice and hamsters) 
conversion of polycycl ic 
hydrocarbons to epoxidc in-
termediates is blocked by r tinol 
and several of its analogs. 

Vitamin A is also known to in-
crease the permeability of 

Bjelke surveyed over eight 
thousand Norwegian males dietary 
and smoking habits, and for lung 
cancer incidence over a five year 
period. Bjelke divided the group 
into two subgroups according to 
daily vitamin A consumption as 
assessed by a dieta ry habits 
questionnair . He found that 
smokers or ex·smokers who 
consumed greater than 5,000 IU of 
vitamin A pel' day (5,000 is con-
sidered the minimum daily 
requirement) had only 40 percent 
the incidence of lung cancer of the 

Other dietary vc.riables showing 
a correlation with vitamin A intake 
failed to show a similarly marked 
negative correlation with cancer 
inCidence. 

Approximately 32 percent of 
those studied were estimated to 
receive less than 5,000 IU of 
vitamin A per day. According to 
H.H Boynton, a similar percentage 
of US residents should be con-
sidered vitamin A deficient. If we 
accept Kjelke's finding that 
smoking-induced lung cancer is 
about four times as frequent in 
vitamin A deficient smokers (thiS 
estimate may be somewhat 
inaccurate due to the small 
number of cases involved in 
Kjelke's study), it follows that the 
incidence of tobacc(}-induced lung 
cancer could be cut by about 50 
percent if all smokers received 
adequate dietary vitamin A. 

Mter treating Syrian golden 
hamsters . with ten intratracheal 
instillations of BP, Saffiotti et a1. 
(1967) administered twice-weekly 
doses of 5,000 IU vitamin A 
palmitate to one group of ham-
sters, omitting this vitamin 
regimen in a control group. 13 
squamous tumors developed in the 
53 control hamsters, while only 
onc tumor developed in the 46 
vitamin A-treated hamsters. The 
incidence of forestomach 
papillomas was also reduced in the 
vitamin A group. 

Vitamin A has been shown to inhibit the conversion of polycylic hydrocarbons to 
carcinogenic epoxides . 

A single epidimiological study 
such as Kjelke's is not likely to be 
accepted by the medical com-
munity as conclusively 
establishing a link between 
vitamin A deficiency and lung 
cancer in smokers. More such 
studies need to be done, but when 
making health care decisions it is 
often necessary to rely on less than 
rock-hard data. At the present, the 
preponderance of the evidence 
indicates that it would be ex-
1J'l'mcly wise for smokers to in ure 
that they have an adequate daily 
vitam in A intake. Due to the 
limited size of Kjclke's study, his 
data is not sufficient to determine 
an optimal level of vitamin A in-
t;lkc . Those who elcct to take 
relatively large amounts of 
Vitamin A should not exceed 50,000 
II ' daily, since above this level one 
may encounter the problem of 
hypcrvital"lino is A toxicity , 
cha racterized by headaches , 
blurred vision, nausea and 
vomiting, bone pain, and skin 
lesions. (Fortunately, these sym~ 
toms may be alleviated simply by 
stopping vitamin A intake). Infants 
should not receive more than 20,000 

Cone and Nettesheim (1973) 
found that the incidence of MCA 
induced respiratory tract tumors 
in rats was much lower in a group 
receiving 1740 micrograms retinyl 
acetate twice weekly prior to an 
(olowing MCA injection, than in a 
group receiving only 87 
micrograms twice weekly. 

Chu and Malmgren (1965) found 
that dietary vitamin A palmitate 
could prevent the development of 
DMBA or BP-induced GI 

Chu and Malmgren (1965) found 
that dietary vitamin A palmitate 
could prevent the development of 
DMBA or BP-induced GI tract 
carcinomas in hamsters, and that 
addition of vitamin A to a topically 
applied solution of DMBA or BP 
prevented the subsequent 
development of cervical and 
vaginal cancers, but failed to 
inhibit perineal skin car-
cinogenesis. 

Davies (1967) showed that Rhino 
mice fed a diet containing 100 IU 
vitamin A per gram feed after 
topical application of DMBA, 
developed fewer papillomas than 
did an unsupplemented control 
group; and that the papillomas in 
the vitamin A group regressed 
more quickly. Shamberger (1971) 
also found that the development of 
DMBA induced papillomas could 

~ 
\ 

Unfortunately, the available 
data is not entirely consistent. 
Levij and Polliack found that 
topically applied vitamin A 
palmitate potentiated the car-
cinogenic activity of DMBA on 
hamster cheeks. D.M. Smith et al. 
(1975) found that, in contradiction 
to Saffiotti's results, the number of 
BP induced pulmonary tumors was 
higher in those hamsters su~ 
pie men ted with high doses of 
vitamin A. When this experiment 
was repeated with the animals 
housed under conditions of im· 
proved air circulation, lowest 
tumor rates were observed in the 
high vitamin A group, but this 
decrease was not statistically 
significant. Smith et al. used a 
stronger carcinogenic stimulation 
than did Saffiotti's group. 

The currently accepted theory 
for the mechanism of polycyclic 
hydrocarbon carcinogenesis is that 
such hydrocarbons are converted 
by an enzyme complex known as 
mixed function oxidase to an in-
termediate containing an unstable 
epoxide ring. This intermediate 
may hydrophobically intercalate 
within a DNA coil and be attacked 
nucleophilically to produce a 
covalent bond between the DNA 
strand and the polycyclic 
hydrocarbon. Unless this defect is 
repaired, a permanent defect of 
genetic expression may result. 

Genta et al. (1974) incubated 
radioactively labeled BP with 
hamster tracheas in organ culture, 
and then measured the extent of 
BP binding to tracheal DNA. The 
amount of binding measured was 
four to six times greater for 

CARE TO JOIN US? 
A.pply now 

for tile Slude,,, 
Regent p08iliort 

S"t> Sant(y x4450 

lysosomal membranes. Vitamin A 
deficiency produces changes in 
lung histology (squamous 
metaplasia and basal hyper-
trophy ) similar to (but 
ultrastructurally distinct from ) 
pre-neoplastic changes noted in 
smokers. 

On the basis of numerous animal 
experiments showing inhibition of 
polycyclic hydrocarbon car-
cinogenesis by vitamin A, as well 
as from theoretical considera tions 
of mixed function oxidase 
inhibition, it might be expected 
,that enhanced dietary witamin A 
would decrease the incidence of 
tobacco-carcinogen induced 
tumors in smokers. A recently 
published epidemiologic study by 
E. Bj,elke (lnt.J .Cancer 15 (1975), 
561) confirms this. 

u 
~ 

group receiving less than 5,000 IU 
vitamin A per dilY (statistically 
significant, .Dl<p<.05 ). When he 
considered only histologically 
confirmed cases of those types of 
lung cancer most s trongly 
correlated with smoking, 
squamous cell carcinomas and 
poorly differentiated carcinomas, 
he found that the relative risk of 
smokers and ex-smokers in the 
greater that 5,000 IU group was 
only 24 percent that of the vitamin 
A deficient group (statistically 
highly significant. p<:.Ol ). The 
relative risk for all members of the 
greater than 5,000 IU group was 
found to be 22 percent (p<.01 \with 
respect to the less than 5,000 IU 
group when the rates were stan-
dardized for age, urban/rural 
residence, and cigarette smoking 
habits. Continued on Page 6 

now AT U SD BOX OFFICE now 
BOX OFFICE TUES-FRI NOON-4:30 pm PM 

An Evening of Black Art 
T~Poetryof 
FRANK JENKINS 
featuring 
L YNN HAMILTON 

F bruary 11, 8plll 
Mandt!vill Auditorium 

Tickets: 

followed by the Ruby Millsap 
Dance Theater 

featuring soloist 
from Inn'er City Dance 

Repprtory o. 
2 

ion 3 

J 



WiPe 
Ih 

This 
Clllrill Hllmllr 

" hey lion ! can i have this otherfruit pie?" 
sure, sure, sure i nod and venture into some east texas range to take 

another piss. things down there haven 't been working too well since el 
paso actually juarez but it isn ' t the food mostly probably the kidneys 
bouncing around and sleeping on top of 3,000 pounds of furniture in the 
back of the u-haul hadn't helped much. 

bart fires up the engine and mardi joanne makes quick finish of the 
(ruit pie draining the remainder of a gallon of milk bought earlier. gun up 
for shreveport mardi resuming her head-to-shoulder and donna strad-
dling laps while courtney's in the back, locked in the twenty-foot box 
containing the aforementioned furniture plus a toyota corolla, green ,late 
60s. 

"i have to have my sleep," he insists. 
actually the kidney problem had its brighter side being realized that 

morning under darkness sometime near four dealey plaza dallas drifting 
around three of us in wrapped blankets measuring for ourselves the 
supposed trajectory oJll' calculations enhanced by the plaque en-
numerating the features making this locale worthy of the rUMer-ups of 
superbowl of '75 yet to come. Contrary to popular belief, the game was 
not played on astroturf, rather, it was played on angel dust, the outcome 
resting in favor of the team that remained alive. 

" we wanted to go horseback riding 'with the indians" so donna and 
joanne left florida a week before with two dollars between them, rode 
horses in new mexico, nearly got raped by an indian who let them stay in 
his house, were saved by another staying with them keeping their thighs 
intact, hitched ride to el paso and on to the cavern where they im-
mediately gave hardoOns eighty stories below. 

in the town named for the caverns the tape player is hooked up after an 
hour beside the self-service island of the place's only 76 its birth 
celebrated with a written introduction to the owner's son unwilling buf-
(oon to the population of restfully social-security grand retirees of 
southeast new mexico: " these here guys from california (pen in hand, 
poised on pad, the fingers begin moving) name is the grateful dead." 

" that's mighty good rock band" said Son, the first convert. 
Screamin' jesus arkansas did you see that guy with the robot hand raise 

his wrist, pivot his elbow 130 degrees then pan downward the whole 
assembly appearing to be, yes, a human arm it is time it is time it is time 
to adjust the insignia-fication of this vehicle: 
bart brakes to the side of the road surrounded by woods the truck receive 
its emblazons on the top and (our sides of the box, scale determined by 
surface plane : UFO~ 

carlsbad was a radio shack to wire up the tape deck jump out of the 
truck with mardi and donna we three head into the place which is also a 
music store with all the instruments in one room, paneled trailer style. 

they even had a moog synthesizer and the amplifier was on switches 
and buttons pushed but nothing' com es out but then another synthesizer 
under the synthesizer with rhythms bosa nova , lumumba, western, rock. 
ipushed the rock start ing out slow then turned the knob it goes faster 
catching the man's attention. bart goes through three guitars mardi and 
joanne on pianos the kid in the radio shack earning date money dripping 
down his leg towards his risky blue suede cowboy boots a nd the woman a 
friend of his mother trying to get the top synthesizer working. 

"say, does this synthesizer go in to that amplifier?" 
The salesmanoOwner-chamber of commerce president doesn't even 

look up . 
" Look, we jlL'lt have that it's too much money somebody in Hollywood 

sold it to us nobody buys it i don't even bother to demonstrate it." Waves 
me off with the hand and continues working on selling a cb unit to some 
granny. 

"you press this button in to talk." 

~TTENTION 
Juniors and Seniors! 

Earn $500 a month 
If you're majoring in physics, math or 

engi neering, why not let the Navy pay you 
$500 a month during your senior year 

right here at UCSD? 
And you can be guaranteed study at the Navy's 

Nuclear Propulsion School upon graduation. 
Ifs worth $40,000. 

For info call: (714) 293-5214 

Wednesday, Ja~uary ZI, 1171 

Revelle Reporter 

Community Center Mud Huts Redecorated 
by Debora Weber 

Staff Writer 

Revelle College is getting a face-
life: not a total one by any means, 
but at least some renovation and 
redecoration is taking place, both 
on the surface and in programs 
sponsored by Revelle. 

The Revelle community center is . 
currently being redecorated. The 
walls are beginning to come alive 
with murals and bright paint; the 
divider has been moved, and all 
that remains to be done is the 
decorating so that more important 
things, like counseling, in-
formation giving and activities 
coordinating, can get into (ull 
swing. 

The community center is not 
alone in its good fortune. The " mud 
huts" have been recently reear-
peted and new furniture and 
draperies have been installed in 
the suite common rooms. 

WeWon 
As far as our sporting abilities, 

we won the intercollege basketball 
game against Third College last 
Tuesday. On February 14 we will 
meet Muir College in the finals 
after the UC San Diego-Azuza 
Pacific game. 

Now that the new quarter is 
firmly underway, there are plenty 
of opportunities for Revelle 
students to get involved in many 
(acets of school government and 
planning. The Budget Resource 
Group (BRG ) needs a Revelle 
member, and two nominees are 
needed for serving on the Com-
mittee on Student Conduct. For 
any of these positions, contact the 
Revelle Provost office. Many other 
committees, like RCCA, RPB, RH-
B, and the community center, also 
need people and ideas. 

For Revelle seniors, remember 
that June isn't too far off. It's time 
to begin planning for the 
graduation ceremonies . Each 
college holds its own services, so 
planners are needed from the Class 
of '76. See Dean Mort in the 
Provost's office for more details. 

Side Door 
At 8: 30 the south dining hall is 

converted into a relaxing lounge, 
the Side Door, with music, coffee 
and doughnuts. An attempt is 
made to have live entertainment, 
free , on Thursday nights. The Side 
Door is open Sunday through 
Thursday. 

The faculty/student lunches are 
getting under way, with a chance 
for students to talk with faculty 
under informal circumstances. 
Funding is ava Hable to pay for the 
faculty member'S lunch and 
students may bring their trays 
from the dining hall or brown-bags. 
Arrangements can be made 
through the community center. 

There are also two dances in the 
offing. The first one is this 
Saturday in the cafeteria, spon-
sored by the Hall Chairpersons. 
The second one will be a 
discotheque dance in the student 
center on February 21. 

•...................... -

= CL~CESALE = 
: (with this ad, until Feb. 28) = 
: -all clothing 20% off = 
= -all racquets and stringing 15% off : 
= -all accessories regularly' 10% off = 
• • 
• Men, women, boys & girls apparel, racquets, • 
• • • stringing, & racquetball equipment • 
• • • • 
: ~lE.ffil(ct1IDlEli i 
• in Stevens Square • 
• 742 Genevieve SI. , Solana Beach • 

= across from Fidel's Mexican Restaurant : 
• 755-7232 • 
••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

, 

• 

. Look US Up! 

Wcdoesday, January %8,1976 • rl.oll •• n.'S 
Chuck No Piano Man 

Mangion~ Quartet Not Quite There 
by Tim MacKenzie 

Staff Writer 
The Chuck Mangione Quartet is a 

fine group of musicians with a 
more than decent following, 
especially in the san Diego area. 
Mangione's local appearances are 
so frequent , in fact, that many 
would believe that he is from 
Southern California . However, the 
quartet hails exclusively from the 
East. Featured in the quarte t are 
Gerry Niewood on soprano sax, 
tenor sax and flute, Chip Jackson 
on bass and Joe LaBarbera on 
drums, all complimenting the 
f1uge lhorn and keyboard work of 
Mangione. 

Mangione reasons that the en-
thusiastic response they receive is 
because " We're made up of four 
very sympathetic musicians. You 
write music, and all of a sudden 
you're hearing it the way you 
conceived it originally - three other 
people just giving it back to 'you 
without any instructions. 
Everybody in the band is a mon-
ster on his own individual in-
strument. " 

Time is an important factor 
affecting the quality of a band, and 
is something that the Chuck 
Mangione Quartet has behind 
them. " Niewood and I grew up 
togethe r in the same neighborhood, 
and went to the same schools 
together in Roc hester. I sta rted 
playing at eight , he at ten." 

The Chuck Mangione Quartet's 
recent engagement at the La 
Paloma Theater proved to be very 

NOW OPEN DAILY 

THE JUTE DEPOT 
2368 Kettner Blvd . 
Kettner and Laure l 

Phone 239-1418 9:30 to (, diilily 
LOWEST PRICES 
IN TOWN FOR 

26 smashing J UTE colors 
Beads-Rings-Shells-Books-

Ethnic Jewelery 
10% off with this ad . 

SAVE UP TO seek in '76 
fromS289* 

2-3-4-5-6 up to 2~ wits. 
APR.-OCT_ '76 

Over 915 Flights but, 
LIMITED SEAts on long 
and summer flights 10 
book today for '76 

o.~ r"" II-. I, _II, 
291·8141 
~~D-J!,~~,,-! 

~ valloy-tquo!ablr '~dv 
1333 Camino ., Rio 50uth 

SoD .. CA 92101 
• Minimum for. whi.h ri... de. 

on cIott .. length .f flil • . 

Chuck Mangione at the La 
Paloma 
successful for the group. They 
played to capacity crowds and 
even taped some performances to 
be used for radio broadcasts. 
However, Mangione 's "per-
formance did not appear to have 
any measure of dynamism. There 
was a lack of diversity in the 
music. 

A larger share of the perform;og 
burden is being carried by 
Niewood, who constantly dazzles 
the audiences with his solos. 
Mangione " picked Niewood for the 
Quartet because of his flexibility . 
He doesn ' t just double on an in-
strument - when he picks up the 
flute, he owns it. When he plays the 
soprano (sax), that's his in-
strument." Niewood's ability 
surely overshadowed Mangione, 
who spent too much time at the 
electric piano and failed to dazzle 
on the flugelhorn. Mangione, 
however, is the main force behind 
the quartet. He unleashed some 
fine compositions, including some 
tracks from the album " Chase The 
Clouds A way." 

Hopefully , Mangione will con-
tinue to grow as a force in the 
music business. Indeed, super-
stardom is within sight. All he 
needs is a little more variety in his 
act. 

Drama Department Opens 
"Wedding Band" Friday 

The UC San Diego Department of 
Drama will present the " Wedding 
Band" in the UCSD Theatre at 8 
pm on Jan. 30-31, Feb I, and Feb. 3-
8. The " Wedding Band" focuses 
on the love bet ween an interracial 
couple and is a powerful ex-
ploration of a submerged war 
between the races in 1918 in South 
Carolina. 

This drama examines con-
temporary problems viewed from 
yesterday's perspective of in-
terracial marriage, according to 
director Dr. Floyd Gaffney, 
professor of drama. 

WANTED 
Patients for investigation of a 

New . Improved 

Soft Lens 
.. 

Everyting required will be 
supplied. H owever: there will 

be a fee for services. 

Call 
272·2211 

For InformatiQn 

"The play is basically a love 
story between a white male 
southerner, two generations 
removed from ' his German 
heritage, and a black woman of 
slave stock," Dr. Gaffney stated. 
" In part , it portrays the 
psychological and emotional 
responses of blacks to socio-
political and economic pressures of 
the early 1900s which, un-
(ortunately have not altered 
drastically," he added. 

The production will be per-
formed on a "constructuristic" set 
with interiors and cut away walls 
of three houses in a backyard area 
in which the play is set. Julia, the 
female lead, is new to this neigh-
borhood and through her in-
teractions with various neighbors, 
the details of her ten-year 
'marriage' to Herman, a white 
baker, unfold. Reactions to this 
love affair vary among the neigh-
bors, but they are willing to 
tolerate the situation, that is, until 
Herman's presence threatens their 
isolated backyard community. 
Social and family pressures bear 
heavily on the lovers, but it doesn' t 
destroy their dream of moving 
north . 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
There will be on open donee 

sponsored by the Revelle Holl 
Chairpersons an Solurday. Ja'nuory 
31 in the Revelle Cofeterla from 9 
pm - 1 am. 

U.C., SAN DIEGO CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD prete"t. 

Don mCL~Qd 
the nux/em mime . 
Feb. 4, Wedneeday, 8 pm 
Mandeville Auditorium • 

UCSD at . 12.50 G. A. 13.50 • 
Tlcketa: UCSD Box OffIce 452-4090 • 

Plige five 

Norman Lear and the Aesthetic of Soap 
by Steve Esmedina 

Staff Writer 

Norman Lear has ruined the television sit-com. In 1971, what was 
supposedly.a generic and moral breekthrough with " All In The Family" 
has ~urned tnt.o a luc rative glut p~le of ~ightly verbal swordfights focusing 
on elther yelling yentas or hustling " Just-folks" ethnics. "Sanford And 
Son" had one great season, but only because it offered weekly exposure to 
one of America's best stand-up comedians, Redd Foxx. Lately, un-
fortunately, the show has turned just as superficially cattle-prodding as 
Lear's other travesties. 

What is most disgusting about the Lear show is its insistence on some 
(orm of topicality. Lear's series use this exclusively as a reason for the 
episodes to spring a variety of puerile puns and stale repartee. The only 
reason tha.t "All In The Family" worked was because it "exposed" 
viewers to Ideas that had never been tossed around in a half-hour comedy 
show before : the . racial bigotry, sexism, and in-general idiocy of the 
American proletanat. Once past the initial gasps o( surprised laughter, 

h,~we~e r, th.e show was revealed as sneering and condescending. 
( We re trytng to poke fun at the moral and social antiquity of the 
average working class slob. Hopefully, nobody identifies with Archie 
Bunker . "-Carrol O'Connor). 

A,fter "~,Il In The Family" came " Maude," a " poke" at the moral and 
soc131 c.hlcness of th~ sub-average upper middle-class liberal, replete 
With episodes of searing candor on abortion, prison reform, and other 
hitherto taboo suJjects. Excuse me while I yawn. Then there was "Good 
Times." .W~ll, bless mah ~unky soul. This one showed Norman dealing 
Wit de gnn-It-and-bear-It rigors of the black sub-stratum in urban life . 
Yeah, sure. Twenty minutes of shuckin' and jivin' like a warped cross-
breed of Amos n'Andy and flip Wilson , with a melodramatic " we' re 
getttn ' over dahlin" tagoOn for required relevance. DYN-O-MITE mistuh 
Lear. 

In the last year it seems that Lear is rUMing out of ideas to which he 
ca n apply his glib social consciousness and still retain the veneer of 

com~dy. " One Day At A Time." his latest ' prime-time coin-waste is 
nothing more than " The Courtship Of Eddie's Father" with minor touch-
ups : this time it's a mother, she's divorced, and she has two smart-aleck 
teenage daughters instead of a darling little boy. But the basic premise is 
the same. How is she gonna get over? This one even throws a few crumbs 
to feminists by having the heroine occasionally addres "The Lord" as 
IIshe. " 

" Mal'y Hartman-Mary Hartman," Lear's most recent abortion (with 
Lea r, calling. s0l!1ething an "abortion" might seem a compliment), is 
tnstructlve. viewing for anyone who wants to see all of his creative 
fallaCies wrapped into a single show. This one claims to be a "racy, 
raunc~y soap op~ra satIre". That aggrandizing hype-line should be the 
~,Irst ttr;,o,ff to thiS show's negative qualities. The idea of a soap-opera 
satire IS almost a redundancy because soap-opera is one of the (ew 

tune-worn genres that transcends parody. It is too close to self-parody at 
every moment to require it. The only people who would laugh at this 
"soap opera satire" a.re those who. believe themselves beyond watching a 
real one, ~hereby leadmg me to believe that this show is a trap for snobs. 

Otherwise, the fans of " Mary Hartman-Mary Hartman" would realize 
that it is fa.r les~, involving, complex, and, most important, less (unny than 
the real thmg. Mary Hartman-Mary Hartman" is a snide, unrelentingly 

Continued 011 Page 8 

. 9-~~~6?9=~ • 
f:psiloQ <Alpha Beta 

r qll ts the pleasure of your compa ny 

at "~ Valel1tiI1~ fal1tasy" 

• 

on Saturday, February 14, 1976 
at the 

ROl1s Rsi Club 
1551 Shelter IslaQd Brive 

S~eJter IslaQd 
Semi-Formal Cocktails 6:30 p.m. 

No Host Cocktails Dinner 7:30 p.m. 

517.00 per couple Dancing 9:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m. 

Ti ket available at U D Box Offic until r ebrllary 6 
Itmit ('d numb r of II kHs 

.,1rp(lolll1form,lttOn ,lvatl, bit' 

for llll studeQts, (acuity, 
starr, & alulTmi.cf UC '9 . 

Dr .5 
-

a • 

J 



Page sill: 

McElroy .. 
" We'll do ev rything we can to 

increase woro< tudy money, but 
we can't solve t e problem with the 
work-study m ey alone," said 
McElroy. 

The new fa~'uity budgeted to the 
Wliversities comes to about tWQ 
new memberJ for each campus. 
This still incrE'ases studenVfacuity 
ratios. "It doesn' t look good," 
commented McElroy. 

He explained that one reason for 
the budget problems was that the 
" Governor wants to hold 
enrollment of the UC system to 
106,000 students." Presently the 
figure nears 111,000. 

As for the years following 1976-
77, the Chancellor sees little im-

provement. . "The 1977-78 
registration fees will be increased. 
There is no question about it. We 
have looked at all our programs 
very critically and we cannot see 
what one we can eliminate." 

" By 1977-78 UCSD will be almost 
$1 million in the hole," estimates 
McElroy. 

Saxon ... 
The students will also ask for a 

larger room for the hearings. 
Currently the size of the Rec Gym 
conference room makes the 
hearings only "quasi-open," Schey 
said. 

If a larger room cannot be 
agreed upon, the attor~ys will 

request a video tape machine so 
that people can watch in other 
rooms. 

More Specific 
The students have also claimed, 

in a letter to Murphy dated Jan. 15, 
that the charges against them are 
vague and ambiguous. Schey said 
that a letter from Murphy received 
last Friday made those charges 
somewhat more specific. 

The students are charged with 
failure to comply with directions 
from university officials, resisting 
a university officia I performing his 
duties and endangering a person's 
health and safety. 

Schey said the letter specified 
the person endangered, Saxon, and 
the officials whose orders were 

di~GlJeyed. 

Schey also said that every 
charge against each student will be 
denied in the hearings. 

The students have asked for 
UCSD police officers Billy Mott 
and Murray Penhollow, Chancellor 
McElroy, Murphy and each school 
official who identified students to 
appear as witnesses. 

UC Associate General CoWlcii 
Milton Gordon, who is serving as 
attorney for the university, will ask 
for McElroy, Assistant Vice 
Chancellor for Student Affairs 
Rick Whitehill, Muir Dean James 
Beckley, Revelle Dean Ernie Mort, 
Student Center Director Mark 
Bookman, Assistant Vice Chan-
cellor Dave Ernst, Mott and 
Penhollow. 

Wednesday, January 28, 1976 

Vitamin A ... 
ru per day. Pregnant women 
should not lake greater than 10,000 
IU per day due to the possibility of 
vitamin A induced birth defects. 

In Kjelke's study, smokers in the 
greater than 5,000 IV category had 
a substantially higher incidence of 
lung cancer than did non·smokers . 
Even with vitamin A protection, 
smoking still represents a sulr 
stantial carcinogenic insult to the 
respiratory system. Furthermore. 
there is no reason to suspect that 
vitamin A would effect the higher 
incidence of heart attack and 
stroke found in smokers. 

TRiTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
" 

kousiNG 

M ROOMMATE WANTED to share large lIat 
In Mission Hills. Many e>ctras : Canyon rim . 
Alter 6 eves . 295·0996 Paul (2 12) 

FOR RENT . Own room in peacelul ocean 
beach house. Clean lighl. yard . qu,et ·,deal . 
All ut,l,l'es included. $100. Steven . 222· 
7195. 27().1059. (1130) 

M ROOMMATE WANTED. Own room . 4 
brm .. sa7 .50 /me .. water inel. Move in Feb 
1. 453·93n . Genesee H'ghlands. (1128) 

F ROOMMATE NEEDED to share 4 bdrm 
house in La Jolla. 87 .SO l mo. call eve . 459 · 
7072. (1/28) 

2 M I F Roommates needed . 2 rooms 
available In 4 bedrm house In UnlV City . 
$100lmo incl uI Ii . 452·8208. (1130) 

$4SO negotiable. 2 Br . 2 Bath .• luxury un· 
furn apt on ocean Your own roof patio 
6815 Neptune Place. La Jolla. T,II June 15 or 
longer. All amenities 454·4370. 274·3066 
(1128) 

Two smgle rooms tor rent 10 QUiet roomy 
P B. house Yard pets O.K .. $9' 25. water 
,ncl 270·0224. Dana. R,ta . (t l 30) 

For rent Duplex 2 bed . I 'll bath. large 
lenced yard . garage. rent $225 Clean 
depos,t $200 Call 753·0490 aller 5 p m 
(1128) 

Grad wanted . bchm S seml·pn bath in QUiet 
LJ home Ltd Kit pnv . , 5 mlns by Kprs bus 
to UCSD 459·7081 (1 1281 

F ROOMMATE NEEDED to share new duplex 
,n Del Mar. 'n blk to beach . great people. 
St 06. Linda. 755-9403. (1128) 

• SERVICES 
Mark Wenzel . Mime art ist available tor 
parties Superb entertainment and 
reasonable rales Call224-60'' . (4 /9) 

Anyone Interested In lormlng an I· Ching 
study group . call Tracy al 452·8972 evenongs 
(1 /28) 

TYPING 55 cents page. Reports . Resumes . 
M,sc . Papers. etc . IBM Selectric. call BEE. 
753-7356 Please clip ad. (1/30) 

Tulorlng - any and all levels of French . 
$5 / hr or $3 lor one hall hour. 452·1410 
(212) 

Typ,st IBM . Term paper· 
sJthesls /dlssertat ions/etc. Edltlng l rush 
jobs/X8fOx. 56()'8171 or 452·1588. (31 12) 

STE REO REPAIR Student wilh prolessional 
training and expenence In stereo repa Ir , 
offers greatly reduced rates 10 those on 
student budgets . Repalfs made on all makes 
and models . amps , preamps . receIVers , 
tuners. tapes . and tables. Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE Call 
Immediately for 'ree estimate and or problem 
consultat,on Call 291 ·5927 . (2 16) 

TRAVEl 
EUROPE. ISRAEL. ORIENT N .Y TGC Low 
cos t fI'ghts 1436 S La Cienegs BI. L A 
90035 (714)735·9618 or (213)652·2727 . 
131 12) 

EUROPE 110 TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS 
BOOK ON CAMPUS . BOOK EARLY CIEE · 
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD IN· 
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12·4 pm . 452-0630. (3112) 

WANTEd 
Need to rent car evenings only . Will 
negotlal e terms. Calt Barbara. 488-5157 
(1128) 

W.E.A.1. Now HIr,ng. $5 .00 HR , 3shilts ; 9·t. 
1.5.5·9. tnlerviews Mon 4 p.m. & Thurs 400 
p.m. 7841 Balboa Ave .. S . 0 .. Ca. (216) 

Need extra cash'? BUYing old US COinS. 
Also bUying US sliver COins minted before 
1965 Ken . 453·7924. (3/12) 

Rail tan · to follow 4449 East from Tucson. 
Leave Sal · p .m. Share expenses. Call Mark . 
271·0655 l or deta,ls . (1130) 

Princip les of Dynamics , Donald Greenwood 
Ames 121 A·B Text. Semi·desp8fate Ask lor 
Mark . 755·4810. (1 /28) 

Need cheap but functional clock-radiO Call 
even,ngs Ask lor Wendy . 755·2191 (1128) 

Phys,cs 5 Text Need desperately Call 453· 
1058 (1128) 

WANTED' Tape 01 Allman Bros Concert un 
KGB 1125. w,lI pay $ . Calt Tom al 453·9549 
11/28) 

PERSONALs 

DONNA P S Happy Blfthday We'lI drink 
to that (h,c) so dnnk chugalug drink 
chugalug' (1 1281 

To Ihe cnppled ace 01 space you say that 
rugby IS a game of f inesse? Wrong you 
jarhead ' Jamie Zymer. (1128) 

Found gym parking lot Sat. . Man'swatch , no 
hands but runs . Claim in n OH lce. 
(1 I 28)oops take that out . ,t belongs ,n los t 
and found nol in personals 

John & Joet · Sorryaboul Fn " we were late. 
Some night we will surprise you at Mesa 
Love lrom the "CLICK". (1/28 ) 

Jenny. Cheryl . Brian. Allyson. L,nda. Morra. 
Mar~. Hal . Belh . Joel · I'll never forget 
Sunday nite. Thanx lor everything Including 
Ihe s hower .• tra. P.S • Sorry I sort of 
messed things up . (1 128) 

Sell or trade 7 4 250 CZ for 250 or larger 
Enduro 01 equa l val ue. Make offer . Brian . 
453·2764. (1128) 

'75 Honda CBSOOT. ilke new. $1295. 459· 
7439 (1130) 

7 4 Honda 200CL 675. Excel condltBon . 488· 
7419 (1 128) 

CAT STEVENS CONCERT! LA Fo<um Feb 2 
& 3 . Better prices AND BETTER LOCATIONS 
than all compet itors. 270-7855. (212) 

DAVID BOWIE CONCERTI Choice 1I00r 
seats al beSI prices In SO. Call us l irst. 270· 
78J5. (212) 

For Sale: AR Turntab le with AOC VML 
Cartndge· $60 Call 565·0913. (1/30) 

Goll Clubs· 1970 Wilson Staff 2·PW. Arnold 
Palmer 1 & 4 W 03 Reg Shak $65. Joe 
Rogers . X3009. (1130) 

Honda XLI OO. 1457 mi . on It. ,n great shape. 
Askong lor 600. o r 300 and take over bike 
payment. 9234 Regent R D, API C. yr. 1975. 
(1 ' 28) 

Hang Glider 18 1001 Standa rd Rogalto wilh 
harness and carry ing bag . $300. call after 5. 
453-9349. (11281 

tihow someone how much you care - taKe 
h im/he r to the Valentlne's Day semi-formal 
dinnerl danee at the Kona Kai Club. For all 01 
UCSD whh love lrom EAB. T' c~el 
($1 7l eouple) sa les at the box olloee end Feb 
6 . (1128) . 

For Sale. the American people, a collection 
01 humans dedica ted to their own 
destruction. prices can be arranged. (1 128) 

Kong size bed . mattress box spring. head 
board . reg. $51)0: sell 10< $I SO. Hm. by 5 '30. 
744·5615 wk 452 ·4436. ask lor Connie . (2 / 2) 

1974 BZIO Datsun . excellent condition. 
$2400. 755·8712 . (1 128) 

Pioneer Turntable with Sianton cartridge. 
Hear to apprec,ale. Ca ll Mark . 453·9637 aft er 
6. (1 128) 

LOST & fOUNd 
Found gym parking lo t Sat.. Man 's walch, no 
hands but runs. Cla,m in TT Office. (1 128) 

Brown nmmed glasses en brown case found 
al Revelle Foun ta,n . Call Tony . 452·0664. '0 
cla,m . (1128) 

LOST - Gold ring With garnet. betw~ 
bookstore and cen tral library 1-22 . ~ 
timental value Sue 452·0832. REWARD' 
(1128) 

Please return 3 green glasses to M Uir Apts 
R.4. missmg alter Jan 10 party They belong 
tomymom . Judy (1128) 

Los. Blue and while swealer . Please call 
755-7238 (1128) 

Lost Beig e ribbed swea ter With missing 
bO l tom button . Please relurn' Mae . 755-
7238 or take to Language Lab. (1128) 

Lost my key cha", on Muir Mon 6 keys. t 
belt . Please call 583-2536 or turn onto TT 
11128) 

u.c., san diego campus program board 

:I = POll4) . ·lli. 
IHIAIIII 

" . . . spec tacular .. • 
extraordinary ... " 

Newsweek 

" . .• original and successful. 
The effect is an unparal-
leled display of eroticism 
and 

"real mime tt 

Marcel Marceau 

le!>.I. • Spl •• 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

ucsd st. $3 g.a.$4.50 
uc d box office 

452-4090 

Weduesday, January 28, 1976 Page seven 

In 22-0 Rout of UCSB 
Haig Scores Three, Women's Rugby Breezes Swimmers 

'Float in 
Midstream 
Loss Follows 

Easy Win 

Karen Haig's three tries led the 
UC San Diego women's rugby team 
to a decisive 22-0 victory over UC 
Santa Barbara last Saturday af-
ternoon. 

In an injury-marred game, the 
Sirens of UCSD thoroughly out-
played the young, inexperienced, 
and undermanned Santa Barbara 
squad. Because of the three in-
jurieS to the visiting team during 
the course of the match, it became 
necessary for UCSB to " borrow" 
players from UCSD. 

The performance of Haig should 
not be overlooked, however, as she 
scored three times (worth 4 points 
each) and assisted onanQther. 

Although the Sirens have not 
been impressive in the preseason, 
they came out with a flourish, as 
Haig scored a try in the opening 
minutes of the first quarter . Val 
Cordeiro, the scrum half, scooped 
up the ~ll as it trickled out of the 
serum pitched to Sandy Timmons, 
who pitched to Haig. With a burst 
of speed, Haig got to the outside 
and sprinted past the stunned 
Santa Barbara defense . Jill 
Souder's conversion was good and 
the score was 6-0. 

Moments later, Haig scored 
aga in, this time with assists from 
Amelia Rivera and Souder. 

By halftime, the Sirens had 

Val Cardeiro , lett , gets ready to catch a teammate's pass , while a UCSB player 
defends . UCSO's vvomen 's ruggers won easily , 22-0 . 

scored once more, as Rivera broke 
tackle after tackle in struggling to 
the goal line. The score at the half 
was 14-0. 

The second half opened 
inauspiciously. as the UCSB team 

appeared tired and discouraged. 
Midway through the third quarter, 
Val Cordeiro, on a lateral from 
Francey Brown, the scrum half, 
wove in and out of the SB defense 
and ra mbled in for the try . 

Unable to find any squads of 
equal talent to their own, the UC 
San Diego men's swim team is 
obliged this season to compete 
against schools from a wide range 
of dispa rate abilities. 

l,ast week 's easy win against 
overmatched Ambassador College, 
followed by a decisive double dual 
meet loss to Fresno State and San 
Diego State, gave evidence to the 
UCSD swimmer 's in-betwee n 
position . 

" We seem to be right in the 
middle of everyone this year ," 
explained coach Gary Becker. 
" Some of the schools are way 
below us, and the others are much 
better. It 's hard for us to find any 
even competition." 

Because of their obvious 
s uperiority, the UCSD swimmers 
competed in "off" events (not their 
specialties) against Ambassador 
last Thursday, and still easily won. 
68-40. 

Men's Rugby Drops Two~ Wins One 

The final score of the day came 
on a perfectly executed series of 
latera Is by Brown; Cordeiro and 
Souder, with Ha ig scoring her third 
try. Cordei ro's elusive movements 
downficld and her subsequent pass 
to Souder highlighted the quick 
score. 

Much of the credit for the victory 
was given to the women in the 
serum. The ha lfbacks and the 
forwards stated that the ability of 
the scrum to control the ball was 
the decisive factor in the game. 
Kim Roberts, a .;crum member, 
further stated that the coaching of 
(,ance Delong and Doug Benan was 
"extremely helpful" during the 
preceding weeks. 

In their meet Friday afternoon. 
however, UCSD showed the large 
difference between their swim-
mers and those from stronger 
schools like SDSU and FSU. Meet 
results had still not been sent to 
UCSD at press time. by Nick Vanocur 

It is sa id that in Rugby the more 
serious injuries occur in the second 
and third team games because the 
players lack the expertise of the 
first team. Spectators of the games 
Sa turday which pitted the UCSD 
Rugby Club against the teams 
fro m UC Santa Barbara, would be 
inclined to doubt the validity of this 
statement. Neither team was 
lacking in expertise; Santa Bar-
bara's first team beat UCLA in the 
\'ecent San Diego Tournament and 
the Tritons have been known as a 
strong team for years, so everyone 
was expecting a well played game 
when these teams clashed. No one 

was disappointed in this respect. . 
The first teams played an ex· 

cellent game which was marred 
only by the high number of injuries 
to both sides. The Tritons scored 
first on a penalty kick by Dave 
Clark, his first of two for the day 
which turned out to be San Diego's 
only scores in an 11-6 loss. Santa 
Barbara's two tries were scored on 
a well executed drive and on a play 
following a line·out. The final three 
points came when Santa Barbara 
made a conversion on a penalty 
kick. 

The second team game followed 
the pattern set by the first game 
with Santa Barbara dominating 

-******************************-!4 TTENTION ' i 
: Juniors ' : 
: ~d : 
* * * Seniors * 
* .* 
* * 
* * * * 
* * ! Get a ! 
* * ! FREE Diamond! I 
: When you purchase any 14K GOLD UCSD : 
: Class Ring by Solon and Co. : 

* * 
* * I ¥ourCla s Ring :: i Representative wiU be on Campus Wed., : 
# Th urs., and Fri., Jail. 28, 29, & 30, 1976, to :: 
# as ist you with your Cia s Ring order : 
* * 
* * 
* * 
* * 
* * 
* * 
* * * University Bookstore * 
* \ * 
* ) * 
* b * # u .. ~ ~ ~ 10:00 um-3:00 pm :: 
: BOOK-STOR( : 
* MATTHEWS CAMPUS * 

* * 
.******************************, 

the San Diego bcing forced to play 
a ki cking game. Bolh teams suf· 
fe red heavy losses from injuries in 
this ga me as well. Santa Barbara 
playcd a careful game of ball 
control and scored three tries with 
one conversion to win 14-0 over the 
San Diego second tea m. 

The final game turned out to be 
the highpoint of the day for San 
Diego. The third team has not had 
the opportunity the first and 
second teams have had to practice 
as a unit. This fact was not evident 
from the way they played. The San 
Diego scrum dominated the Santa 
Barbara scrum which allowed San 
Diego to control the game. San 
Diego's two tries were scored by 
Doug Beanen, whose punts and 
play in the line-outs helped keep 
San Diego in good position 
throughout the game. Peter Sertic 
made one of the conversions and 
also drop-kicked a field goal. 

Santa Barbara converted on a 
penalty kick for three points and 
was threatening in the final 
minutes of the game but once again 
the San Diego scrum played a key 
role and was able to hold off Santa 
Barbara until time ran out, thus 
preserving San Diego's 13-3 lead 
in their only victory of the day. 

This Saturday. the quad will 
trave l to UC Irvine. where they will 
meet the Eleanor Rugby Club. 

Freshman Randy Fujioka 
proved that he is capable of 
competing on equal terms with any 
school 's swimmers. Fujioka is the 
first male swimmer from UCSD to 
ever post a time below a National 's 
qualifying mark. Hi time of 2:21.0 
in the 200 yd. breaststroke last 
week bettered the standard forthat 
event, and is one of three school 
records that Fujioka has set this 
yea r. 

Women's B-Ball Wallops 
USIU With 70-11 Win 

By Evelyn Barata 
Staff Writer 

The United States International University women's basketball team 
p~~v.ed no match for .the UC San Diego cagers, as San Diego trounced the 
VISltlllg t~am 70-11 In Monday 's pre-season competition. The Tri tons, 
taklllg control from the start, dominated both offensive and defensive 
play throughout the contest. 

US.IU, playing its first scrimmage of the season, was consistently hurt 
by Wild passes, numerous fouls and other turnovers. 

A.lIson Chin an.d Pam Boatner, alter~ately setting up the UCSD plays, 
mailltamed a qUick passmg offense which easily penetrated USIU's 2.1-2 
zone defense. ~hough practicing a variety of pla ys and screening ef· 
fectlvely, the Tntons I~ked mostly to the inside shooting of center Ann 
Carrington and the .outSide shots of Marla Ross. Carrington was high 
scorer for the day With 26 pomts while Ross put in 19. Ross and Stephanie 

Continued on Page 8 

• Greal 
Girl 
Idea! 

• Order one today 

• Be the First on 
Your Block to 
Own a Trained 

lick 

~very'body 
Ileeas ~omebody-
I!~!~~_~~4.50 

to keep you compo"y. COmplete wllh Iralning manual never neal.lood 
water or a walk. Leave it alone lor .. long ... you like lhen come t..ck and 
It. happy to _ you again. Never bIr1cs 0<",..... (-------- ---

I Slick P.O. Box 2006 Oak Park . III. ap3)3 ..., 
Please Sel)d Me Trained StlCk(s) I 

lat '4.50Poslage Paid I 
I Enclosed is my ( I Check ( I Money Order I 

~o~am;_"n_"_'_"._'_;d_.n_t ' ___ 5_'_"._I_.'_h' I Address. ______________ ---i I~~ I 
!!tate _~~J 

GMail 



Wedaesday, JaDuary ZI, 1976 

Natur~1 Gas Price Deregulation Needed 
by riLoweD 

Comm' ty Editor 

"Air quality i San Diego has 
improved in fWkne aspects and 
worsened in others over the past 
few years," said Bill Simmons, 
director of the local Air Pollution 
ControlDistrict (APCD). 

Simmons expressed concern that 
recent improvements in air quality 
might be offset by a Federal Power 
Committee (FPC) ruling 
regulating the price of natural gas. 

"In the interest of the en-
vironment, the FPC should de-
regulate the price of natural gas," 
Simmons said. In San Diego, the 
ruling has forced San Diego Gas & 
Electric Corp. (SDG&E) to burn 
smoke-emitting fuel oil almost 
exclusively instead of the com-
paratively clean natural gas. 

Before the ruling two years ago, 
SDG&E burned 80 to 100 percent 
natural gas. 

Simmons explained that under 
the FPC ruling, natural gas prices 
are regulated in interstate sales 
but not in sales within a state. As a 
result, natural gas remains in 
those states where it is produced 
because deaJers will not sell it out 
of state at regulated prices when 
they can sell it for high prices 
within the state. 

In California, which has no large 
sources of natural gas, cities like 
San Diego have been forced to use 
fuel oil as a source of energy. 

Sulfates a Serious Problem 
Since SDG&E has been burning 

fuel oil, the level of sulfates in the 
air (which are produced when fuel 
oil is has reached the 

minimum pollution standard set by 
the Environmental Protection 
Agency (EPA). Simmons forsees 
the level of sulfates becoming a 
serious problem in the future. 

Simmons also mentioned several 
other factors as binderances to the 
APCD's attempts to improve air 
quality here. The first ·is a lack of 
personnel needed to determine the 
sources and dispersal of smog in 
San Diego. 

Public Opposition 
Public opposition to gas 

rationing, Simmons said, is 
another obstacle to the APCD's 
task. "IT you try to institute gas 
rationing, you've got a revolution 
on your hands. The public will not 
tolerate gas rationing and the EPA 
has backed off because of it." 

Simmons said he cannot force 
the public to accept gas rationing 

CIA. .. 
According to a CIA memo 

released in 1973, seven months 
before Chaos reportedly was 
terminated, the program "is 
restricted to the collection abroad 
of information on foreign activities 
related to domestic matters." 

The memo added that the CIA 
was not supposed to spy on 
American citizens abroad. 

The Rockefeller report added 
that Operation Chaos agents were 
used for domestic intelligence on 
only three occasions. 

But the report added that CIA 
recruits who learned to spy by 
infiltrating dissident organizations 
were supposed to report any in-
formation they might have come 
across 'accidentally .' 

DAVID BOWIE 
CAT STEVENS 
Tickets Available at 

San Diego Ticket Sales 
273-4567 

We hove the only good seats ;n fown 

-COP1ES-
0ffIr 
.... 31L ¢ 110 
:'12 /2 --

.l1li012 LOCATlONI 
t 101'11 lOIICIIUI .... tH3 
st .. CCIUIIIjft. .7 .. ' .. 

HEIJP SELECT THE 
S' ENTREGENT 
AJ'fJ kUlions are 'LOtt- being taken for one 

mull" -[("uduatf' to JifPrce on a regional 
nom inalillg commission to screen applicants 

lor lhe student rf'gent. 
Pich Llp applications in the 'tLle/put Cent r, 
2nd Floor Vort/" Student Organizations. 

Th D adlin . February 6. 

APPLY ow 

and that, consequently, he has 
turned to studying ways that cars 
can be improved in the laboratory 
to be less polluting. 

Simmons said that his 
organization is soliciting public 
opinion on San Diego's air pollution 
in a series of community forums. 
The last two of four forums are to 
be held in the La Mesa City Council 
chambers tonight at 7 pm, and 
tomorrow at the Chula Vista City 
Council chambers, also at 7 pm. 

Budget ... 
that UC has opened the doors to 
students, who at another time, 
would not have been academically 
qualified for admission. 

Stall says Brown "wantsto work 
with Saxon in bringing enrollment 
back into line with projected levels 
of growth." 

Currently, only the top 12% 
percent of high school graduates 
(which translates into about 3.2 
grade point average) are eligible 
to enter UC. However, some 
believe that UC is drawing 
students from below that level 
because of grade inflation and 
other factors. Saxon said a study is 
underway to review the com-
position of the eligibility pool. 

.. .. 

On a more positive note, the 
Student Body President's Council 
welcomed the governor's proposal 
for a 50 percent increase in 
financial aid for disadvantaged 
students. 

Assemblymen Vic Fazio (D-
Yolo) and John -Vasconcellos (D-
San Jose) ' introduced legislation 
ea rlier this month that would 
publicize this financial aid to 
el\gible students and provide them 
with counseling a tutorial help. 

The measure, sponsored by the 
UC Student Lobby, is aimed at 
increasing access to higher 
education for low-income in-
termediate and high school 
students. 

.... 

This Friday is the deadline for 
each house to pass its own bills so 
that they have a chance to take 
effect in 1977. 

One bill on the Assembly floor, 
by Assemblyman Mike Antonovich 
(R-Glendale), would curb abor-
tions in the second three months of 
pregnancy by requiring the doctor 
to take "all reasonable steps" to 
have a "viable" fetus . 

Hedgeeocll 
Del Mar City Attorney Roger 

Hedgecock announced yesterday 
he will seek the Third District 
County Board of Supervisors seat 
now held by Lou Conde. 

In announcing his candidacy 
from the steps of the County 
Administration Building 
Hedgecock pledged " to never vote 
or otherwise support in any way 
any amount of salary increase for 
the Board." 

Hedgecock warned of problems 
created by the rapid unplanned 
growth in the unicorporated areas 
of San Diego, particularly the 
problem of spiraling property 
taxes necessitated by increased 
demands for County services in 
that rapid growth area. 

Denouncing the 6.9 percent in-
crease granted County employees 

by the supervisors last year as a 
" lack of leadership," Hedgecock 
pointed to the ability of San Diego 
City to hold its employee' pay 
increase to only 5.5 percent as an 
example which the County should 
follow. 

Hedgecock concluded his 
remarks by stating that the 
"County government, with its 
annual budget in excess of $426 
million, can be more efficient." 

Scripps 
Fred N. Spiess, professor of 

oceanography and associate 
director of Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, UC San Diego, has 
been appointed chairman of the 
Department of the Scripps 
Institution. The announcement was 
made Monday by UCSD Chancellor 
William D. McElroy and Scripps 
Director William A. Nierenberg. 

Norman Lear ... 
ugly show that waves its sense of superiority at every dud-ridden pun-
chline. It makes fun of impotence, mass-murder, masturbation, and 
sexual frustration without the required saving grace: a sense of humor. 

Lear has totally misunderstood the appeal of the soap-opera. It isn't 
the facile melodrama, but the privilege of "choosing sides" that accounts 
for the popularity of soaps. There are always at least three separate 
stories going on at once, and the viewer is encouraged to identify , back-
up, or deplore the actions of the characters. In "Mary Hartman-Mary 
Hartman" there isn't anyone to give a damn about, and there isn't any 
wit on board to compensate for that loss. (Sample joke: "The murderer 
says if you don 't let me go to him he's going to kill my friend." Reply: 
"That's an awful stiff punishment isn't it?") 

Finally, and most aggravating of all, is Lear's shoddy technique. We 
can hold him responsible for all of these awful live-in-the-studio 
production jobs that es hew camera movement , montage, or even the 
slightest semblance of directorial style. They all are burdened with 
static, stagey set-ups, hackneyed devices like iris-outs and stilted fades , 
and intimidated "live" audiences who are always very nervous about 
laughing at lines that seem to have been written three minutes before air-
time. Norman Lear makes one long for " Leave It To Beaver," " I Love 
Lucy," " Dick Van Dyke" and laugh-tracks. 

Basketball ... 
Bloss provided the team with exceptional offensive rebounding. 
Boatner, playing a very aggressive game, came up with many steals for 
UCSD . 

Playing a tight 2-1-2 defense, the Tritons allowed minimal penetration, 
. forcing outside shots or turnovers. Doing most of the defensive 
rebounding for San Diego were Laura Greenberg and Carrington. Quick 
outlet passes were keys to the consistently effective UCSD fast break. 

Coach Shirly Peterson expressed great optimism with the outcome of . 
the game. " Thougli we were playing without three of our regular players, 
due to injuries or health reasons, we played a very good game both of-
fensively and defensively . The game gave us a good chance to practice a 
lot of the things we've been working on. I'm really optimistic about the 
coming season. I think if we can stay in good health we should be very 
good competition in our league." 

Fri. Jan.30 Sat. Jan.31 

, MONTY 
PYThON 

ANd TilE 

Holy GRAil' 
MANDEVIIJ.E 
AUDITORIUM 

7:30 1 


