
Carter To Washington With Narrow Win Over Ford 
--~~----~~------------~-~------~--~------, . ~or Sttlient Groops 
Murphy Thaws Coop Budgets 

by DoroClly Beutoa 
Staff Writer ' 

Confusion surrounding the 
allocation of the sa Student 
Activity Fee appears to be 
coming to an end. Vice-
chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs George Murphy has 
acted to unfreeze student 
,cooperative union-approved 
budgets for student 
organizations. 

Murphy originally froze the 
budgets on advice from the 
Advisory Committee on Student 
Fee Programs. This advice 
resulted from the committee's 
feeling that the Coop's Student 
Activity Fee Support Group 
(SAFSG), which originally 
determined the frozen student 
organization budgets, had not 
adequately explained its 
procedures and criteria em-
ployed in arriving at the 
budgets. 

SUbnmmlttee PropoIal 
Approved 

At the Oct. 14 RegFee Om-
mittee meeting a subcommittee 
was establlahed with the pur-
pose of producing acceptable 

guidelines for the SAF~. 
Guidelines were drawn up and 
presented to the Reg Fee Com-
mittee on Oct. 28. (The Triton 

. Times will review the new 
guidelines Friday.) The 
members of the committee 
voted unanimously to accept the 
guidelines and to advise 
Murphy to unfreeze the funds. 

, Murphy, in an interview 
yesterday, said he has always 
"accepted the advice" of the 

Reg Fee COnunittee," and that 
"now doesn't seem to be a good 
tiJpe to disregard it." Murphy 
also said the subcommittee had 
reassured the Reg Fee Com-
mittee and sufficient funds are 
available for the projected 
needs of student organizations 
this year, including funds for 
organizations that may apply 
for funding this y~r. 

Bert Lee, chair of the su~ 
conunittee, said yesterday "It 
is a pleasant surprise that the 
administration was so receptive 
to student concerns. " Lee 
continued to say, "Hopefully 
this represents a trend for the 
future." 

What if we Run Out of Gas 
By Laan Richter 

Staff Writer 

A newly-fonned information pool 
conce~g the development of 
solar energy at U~D was made 
available to students last Friday 
noon at Revelle plaza. 

Organizers of the Solar Energy 
Fair expressed a sincere and 
knowledgeable concern for the 
future of alternative energy 
sources. This is a time, they said 
Friday, in which "Such an 
awareness is vital if Alperical1ll 
are to maintain our present 
standard of Uving. 

The fair was inWated by JOIhua 
Harrison of the students for Solar 
Energy. He said he realized there 
has been a communication gap 
between thole involved in the solar 
energy movement which has 
handicapped the movement's 
development. Coordinatioll of the 

various local projects could lead to 
the advancement of practical SOW 
heating methods. 

He tenned the fair itself as being 
designed to provide a "central 
groWld" where ideas and in-
formation could be exchanged and 
the students could inform them-
selveS of the positive actions that 
are being taken. 

EDergy DIsplays 
The display was composed of 

several booths, each presenUng 
solutions and suggestions per-
taining to the energy crisis. One 
contributor, Ben G1JI'finkel, had set 
up a model water heaUng panel 
ute those he himself had used in 
his home. 

Gurfinkel pointed out that there 
are over 150,000 IsraeU householdl 
that rely on this type of power 
source for their hot water. as OJ)-

CoIltbaaed _ Pap 1 

Georgian Declared Winner At 12120.a~; 
Hayakawa Over Tunney, Props 13, 14 Fail 

By Mark Stadler aDd David EiseD 
Early this morning James Earl 

Carter, Jr. was declared the 39th 
President of the United States, 
after defeating incumbant Gerald 
R. Ford in a tight contest that was 
eventually detennined by the 
Georgian's dominance in large 
northeastern and southern states. 

Carter, who led Ford 51-48 
percent in popular votes 
throughout the evening, asswned a 
commanding early lead in the 
electoral vote column with the first 
returns. He was named victor by 
NBC news at 12:20 am PST, after 
Mississippi joined the ex-
Governor's camp. 

In the race for California 
Senator, Republican S.1. 
Hayakawa was declared the 
winner by United Press Inter-

Schrade and County Supervisor 
Lou Conde were defeated by 
challengers Bob Wilson and Roger 
Hedgecock. 

Carter-who was aided by a voter 
turn-out that exceeded ex-
pectations by at least five percent-
swept most of the states east of the 
Mississippi River, while Ford's 
victories were primarily limited to 
the Midwest and West, including 
California. 

New York Republicans were 
attempting to get a court order this 
morning to impound all of the 
state's vote-counting machines, 

Alec Nedelman, Sara Lowen, 
Nico Nierenberg, Alan Russell aDd 
Laura Richter gathered In-
formation provided in this story. 

after tampering charges were 
made. New York's 41 electoral 
votes, given to Carter earlier, 
become questionable if the court 
order is issued 

In a 4 am victory speech in 
Atlanta, Georgia, Carter said, "I 
hope I can live up to your con-
fidence and support." He added 
that be wants to work to " unify the 
nation and make it great again." • 

Ford, who carried San Diego 
County by a substantial margin, 
retired at 3 am EST in the White 
House, without making a con-
cession speech. 

Carter will carry with him a 
substantial majority in both the 
House of Representitives and 
Senate. The Democrats will have 
at least an 11 vote edge in the upper 
house and a 76 vote margin in the 
lower house. 

Area election results, as of 2:30 

Jimmy Corter 

am with one-third of the county 
precincts reporting, include : 

-3rd Supervisorial District: 
Hedgecock 58.3 percent, Conde41.4 
percent; , 

-39th state Senate Eistrict: 
Wilson (D) 58.1 percent, Schrade 
(R) 35.6 percent; 

';'78th Assembly District : 
Kapiloff (D) 53.7 percent, Coupee 
(R) 43.4 percent; 

-41st Congressional District: 
Wilson (R) 58.1 percent, C;olden 
(D) 41.7 percent; 

-43rd Congressional District; 
Burgener (R) 67.1 percent, Kelly 
(D) 32.7 percent; 

-76th Assembly District : craven 
(R) 68.1 ~rcent, Kirkemo (D) 31.7 
percent; 

-77th Assembly District : Ellis 
(R) 50.1, Cohelan (D) 49.7 percent. 

national :~'rH:YO:a with in- J Debate on God and , Miracles 
cumbant John Tunney trailing by 

j~,~~o~~e=;~versial Set for Tomorrow Night 
ballot propositions, 13 and 14, were 
bo&h def¥d by large margins, 
while 4, which gives the state 
Legislature more control over UC 
bidding procedures, was approved. 

In local races, incumbants 
seeking re-election were successful 
for the most part, though Sen. Jack 

by Alaa Russell 
News EcUtor 

This debate promises to be more interesting than all of the 1976 
presidential candidate encounters. 

After all, who can upstage God? 
Dr. Zeno Vendler, UCSD Professor of Philosophy, and Dr. Nonnan 

Geisler, Professor of Philosophy at Trinity Evangelical Seminary, will 
debate the topic "Can Miraculous Events Occur In A Space-Time 
World?" 

Sponsored by the Campus Crusade for Christ, this debate is the second 
part of a series which began last year under the title "God-at UCSD?" 
The action starts this Thursday ~veninp; at eiJtht in the Revelle Cafeteria. 

In reference to the question of miracles, specific attention will be given 
to the resurrection of Jesus. After their presentations, rebuttals will be 
given by each speaker, followed with questions from the audience. 

George Post, head of Campus Crusade, noted last week that a large 
thrust of the debate would revolve around whether miracles could be 
investigated "reasonably." Geisler will attempt to prove that certain 
miracles and supernatural occurrences can legitimately be investigated 
and verified, while Vendler will try to 'determine that miracles are out-
side the realm of logical examination. 

"Events will be discussed historically, philosophicalll' and rationally," 
said Post. "We know there was a Jesws. We know he WI1S crucified, Now 
can we detennine he was raised from the dead? Can ttlls be accurately 
investigated?" 

Post said that miraculous events have had the conrutation of being 
"non-provable," and that texts have been traditionally slanted against a 
"supernatural position." "People are conditi-t tn ..,.. t 
everything has to have a natural existing cause or explanation." said 
Post. It seems to me that individuals should question whether this is 
right, or even fair." 

UCSD .tuden .. joined mflllona of uofeI 1ft an ."...-a.cIIv It"". turnout y .... ..". PNdnct lnapector Pa~ un 
expected ht....., 50 and 60 perce'" of the ,.".,..d UCSD ,..,.",. to lION. (IT,.,..: BIll 8rookaJ 

Expecting this year's debate to be a " lively encoWlter," Post feels the 
specific topic will make for intense arguments. "People are obviously 
interested in such events, judging by last year's full house," said Post. 
" As there are no classes of this nature, we feel it necessary to spolllOr 
such a program, and allow students the chance to witn it." 

I 
• 



triton tiJDe8 

Letters to the Ecitor 

Hal COl Response to "Marxist Caucus" 
.. ·.CHI._._I 

....... a ........... 
... 1 ~I". 117.· •. 

•••• c/IIIIIIClI • 
GI"I" •• 11 ... C'-I 

_III .... 

To respond to the New 1DdIea.... drove three fourth. of the 
article "Manlat Ca ... fw1Ded VVAW/wSO mass, pluraUIt 
la eo.p V.... at VelD" by membership out of the 
Susan Stanfield, and to counter the organization. VV AW IWSO was fait 
caucus function to; "offer becomlnganotherRUfronl 
ideological leadership to the A resistance movement, ce~ 
Cooperative Union as a mass tered in California, bied to combat 
organization," I'd like to relate a 'RU infiltration under the name 
UWe personal history. Winter Soldier Organization, but it 

I became a member of the suffered frem a 'mirror-image 
Vietnam Veterans AI8~ the effect', a desire to become as 
War/Winter Soldier Organization ,marxist and as disciplined as the 
around the time that that RU, only more openly. This desire 
organization was struggling for open cadres to provide 
against being taken over by the ideological unity and chap-
MarxistlJ!ninist Revolutionary ter/organ!zation leadership tore 
Union (RU) (1974-75), now called the remainder ofWSOto shreds. 
the Revolutionary Communist The- statement ~ of leadenihip 

. Party. made by the Marxist Caucus of the 
•••••••••••••••••••••••• , BeforethetakeoverVVAW/wSO Cooperative Union, I think, 
I Wide. For A Different M •• I E'",_ Week ~c I was ~ mass. organization. of demonstrates strong tendenc~es 
I, ~. . ~ ~. I marXists, liberals,. radical toward. a cadre-v~nguard-elite 
I H S a Steal : ~""'" .... I democrats and anarchists based mentality. ("A marxist .... employs . . 0 ' t~' primarily around the local seif-<:riticism and disCipline.") 

their praxis (theory related to 
practice), merit respect and 
authority, and this Is freely given 
them by others in that 
orpnization. 

This, I think, is the correct a~ 
prosch, and vobmtarily recognized 
authority is a singularly anar-
chistic understanding of leader-
_. 

00 the o~, the Marxist 
Caucus statement makes clear 
that it bases its authority and right 
to lead, not on a popular 
recolJ'lition earned by the exem-
plary power Ii its praxis, but on 
"correct ideology", on its 
marxism. Let's hope that the 
Caucus' openness to "non-
marxist" participation will allow it 
to be a litUe less concerned with 
"leadership" and "discipline". 
otherwise, the Coop may not 
remain a "mass organization" for 
long. 

JORJMATlASZ Ilfor a deliCIOUS meal! In I chapter. One ci. the fee1!Rls in the Very often working collectives iJi I organization was for a greater an organization, by the example of 
= 99C SPECIAL La J<?lIa = ~~~~i~a:oc~~~~~:e~~ ;---------~~--:------------. 
I ' 912 Silve,~do St I the National ~fice of VV AW /WSO 

, I 31 I fonned or joined up with political 
. 2 cuts of Pepperoni Phla 454-31 study groups. 

• and .... wifII this coupon. I Unfortunately, the National I I Office joined with an RU study 
I ~:~:~::;. ~~::~ A... I grOUPha~~ the "~:c'Jlitical I ..... 800 222.1n7 I line" en esta among I I the members of the National 
I 5 .. ,. CDlI.. EI Cajon Office, the RU started moving 5111 Coli .. "... 583 N. 2nd 5t. I clandestine RU cadres as well as 
• 583·3818 440-7323 • the Revolutionary Student Brigade 
• Expires Nov. 9 T I and the Unemployed Workers 
••••••••••••••••••••••••• Union (RU fronts) members into 

local VV A W /WSO chapters. 

PROTECTION 
Where Lions Lurk 

A Discussion on Christian Science Given By 

Harvey 
w. 

Wood 

SUBJECT MAnJR WILL INCLUDE: 
·God viewe~ as a one and onl, Mind in an entirely mental 

universe. 
*Man's nati" control over inlurlou. mental influences. 
*"ow a amation Sciefttl.frecognh •• (tlUs) divine power in 

moral & physical .... Hng. 
NY QUESTIO?t$ ABOUT CHRISTIAN SCIENCE WILL BE ADDRESSE 
URING THE fJUESTION & ANSWER SESSION. 

12:00 NOON 
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 9th 

in the Revelle Community Center 
(right next to the Sundry Store) 

Free Admission 
Sponsored by the Christian Science Organization 

The heavy-handed actions of the 
now RU National Office, the rank, 
manipulative sectarianism of the 
RU, its insistence on "correct 
ideology" and cadre leadership 
roles, these are the things that 

No Vote of 
Confidence for 
The Coop 

It has come to my attention that 
a petition is being circulated by 
members of the Student 
Cooperative Union as a "vote of 
confidence" for the existing 
governmental structure here at 

U~D. 
I personally urge everyone not to 

sign this petition as there are two 
characteristics of the Coop itself 
which bother me and prevent my 
endorsement of it. First, it is a 
volunteer government where only 1 
percent of the entire student body 
is represented. Secondly, it allows 
special interest groups, who in no 
way represent the majority of 
U~D, to gain control and ~t on 
major committees. 

I strongly believe that gove~ 
ance is only acce~table when 
ratified by a vote of the governed. 
If the Coop wants positive 

assurance regarding its standing 
with the student body, why 
wouldn't the results from an 
election show this? In letting the 
people decide their preference by 
referendum vote, the principles of 
democracy will be upheld. 

My only hope in infonning my 
fellow students of what is going on 
is that if enough interest is 

triton tunes' 
David Elsen - Executl .. -'It or 

Mark Siadler · MeneQIng .cIIto, 

Alan Russell · N_ -'lIor 

Alec Nedelman . ..... oclat. N_ -'\lor 

Vera Todorav· Community edlto, 

Ran Anbar - OpInlan Mlltor 

James G. Solo · Achertlsl"" MIneo-

Becky DeVinney - Production m ..... ' 

Wendell P. Ham ilion - Copy Mlllor 

Joel C. Oon • AslOCl.,. Newa editor 

Scott Sedll • Sporta Mlllor 

Tim MacKenzie· Am idllOf 

Bill Brooks · Pho'o Mlltor 

generated by this issue, we may 
alert some concerned individuals 
who are willing to stand up for 
their rights. Possibly one day we 
will have on this campus a 
responsible, respectable, and most 
importantly, representative 
govenunent. 

JOERADDING 

The Trllon TImes Is publiSh-' by UCSD 
a. an official aludenl 

Inew:lp8Ptr. Publication la on Mond.ya, 
and Fridays clurlng th, 

yeer (IIll08pt on olf lclll 
Id.ys). EdllOf11l and bUll .... ollices 
located In Ihe Student Cent« 1\ the 

lunr ..... llt~ 01 california, San DIego. For 
call 452·:M86; 10' bUll ..... and 

ad ... rtlalnlCl . cali «;2·:J.468. 
to th. edltOf and opin ion 

.. welcom-' . All IUtrnl .. lons 
typed and double·epcetI on 8 
line. They Should not exceed 

1-1/2 page. In length. 
Submitted mal.-Ial musl be .. lhe name 

Itudent Identification numba' of the 
Names can be W ~hheld from 

I i)UbllclUOn on request. 
The T rllon Tim... re • ..- lIMo right to 

)dll submliliona bee..... 01 .pace 
. Imltatlona Of Ityl, requlr_ta. 

Entir. content. copyright HI76, Ihe 
rrKon TIm .... 

W~lte W~ales 
oQd 

Ot~er 
M ell10rab ilia 

by <A loQ 'Russell 
by Alan RUBleD 

triton time8 

Student Help 
Needed for 
Fee Committee 

Vice-chancellor of Student 
Affairs George Murphy, on 
October 25, approved the establish-
ment of a Student Intern Program 
to work with the Advisory Com-
mittee on Student Fee Programs. 

ParUI: Colllpiracies Those students interested in 
We left our bero lalt week ltand_ over tbe dead body of a Uterature applying for the six job positions 

professor who evidently wal a member Ii tHEM. If that Iin't already must sign up in the Student 
funny enough, then let's cootlDue. Employment Office by this 

••••• 
. . . . Monday. The four month budget Walt~ was the hardest part. I envied ~?Odward and ~rns~em for process will involve 16 hours of 

their patience. But like them, I knew I was sitting . on somethmg big. weekly work at a payment rate of 
I got up and removed a boot from under my derriere. 
There was something rotten at U~D. Some organization, some group, I $3.76 an hour . . An a~areness of 

bad invaded all aspects and structures of university life. student affairs IS termed • 'essential." They had murdered, they had extorted, they had robbed ..... 
They had Itiven deserving" A" students " B pluses." "This is a program that will 
Enough was enough. allow students to have an active 
I was detennined to find the brains behind this sinister organization. I Say in how their money is spent," 

would expose all the evil workings of the mob. I would fight so that the said Bert Lee of the reg fee com-
next generation of students might live in peace. mittee. Noting the work involved, 

And dammit,l wanted Robert Redford to play my part in the movies. which includes the detennining of 
The signal had been given. My "deep throat"-my informant-had essential services, workload 

circled the fifth page of the Triton Times in red ink and left it in my mail analysis, reviewing of unit ef-
box. I noticed in the same paper that my column had been lIIIed to line his fectiveness, and budgetary 
bird cage. I often empathize with Rodney Dangerfield. analysis, Lee said that the in-

Still, I was excited. Tonight I would get some answers to my questions. ternships were important " in 
I would meet with deep throat in a midnight rendezvous at the Muir helping to establish responsible 
parking lot. student voices in affairs pertinent 

It promised to be a penetrating experience. to the student body. " 
••••• 

In a portentous 'and silent darkness I watched for the prearranged 
signal. At last I twigged (see the second definition of the American 
Heritage Dictionary or ask Professor "Jos." Andrew(s) Wright) it. The 
flame from the ignited match stuck out in the caliginous night like Raquel 
Welsh's intelligence. I walked towards deep throst. 

As I approsched him, I began to smell something fuMY. There was a 
strong, pungent odor in the air. A thick smoke congealed around the 
shrouded figure of my super secret spy, deep throat. 

"Hey, George," I yelled. "What's happening?" 
After all, if you can't trust the Vice-chancellor of StudeAt Affairs to be 

deep throst, who can you trust? 
He giggled. I had never heard him giggle before. Something sure did 

smell. 
"Things are falling heavy boss," he said. I watched him suck deeply on 

his cigarette. " Those bastards have taken over," he suddenly yelled. 
"How high does it go, George?" 
"Oh, baby, I'm,flying." 
"I mean the or~anization." 
He scratched his head and peered all around cautiously. "Real high," 

he said at last. 
" McElroy?" 
"Higher." 
"Saltman?" 

" Hi~her." 
I whIStled deeply. " Have you found out the mob's name, George? What 

do they call themselves?" 
He stepped back as if he had been struck. It was moments before he 

could speak. At last he started talking in a low, almost inaudible tone: " I 
have heard that they are called ..... " Deep throat took a deep breath and 
then said it. " The Kosher Nostra." 

I looked at him. " What do you think I am, George, a schnook? Some 
kind of a schlemiel? You've been listening to too many of General 
Brown's speeches." 

"I swear it's true ," he cried. "I've got names, dates, figures ." 
He saw me stare.at him with mocking disbelief. 
" I know who the head man is," he said . 
That interested me. Evidently it interested someone else also . A gun-

shot erupted in the calm night. George collapsed. I couldn't tell whether 
he was stoned or shot. "It's him," I heard George say. "Oh, what a cruel 
world." 

I was shocked. Even if someone was dying they shouldn't use a cliche 
like that. 

"Shalom t" I screamed. "Shalom, shalom, shalom!" 
I heard Mr. Big's voice come from out of the concealing darkness. "Cut 

the crap," he yelled. I watched him move forward. I couldn't believe who 
it was. 

"Surprised ? " ,asked Father Bernie Campbell. 
Surprised? Is the Pope Catholic? 

Next Week: THE CONCLUSION 

Afro-American 
Literature 
Lectures Set 

Critic and playwright Hoyt 
Fuller will speak on Afro-
American literature tonight at 7 
pm in the Third College 
auditorium. 

Fuller'S lecture will be follc)wed 
by a question and answer session 
tomorrow from 4:30 pm to 7:00 pm 
in the International Center. 

Fuller's talk is the first in a 
series of lectures and films on 
black culture scheduled for this 
month. The series is being spon-
sored by the Department of 
Literature and Third College. 

INTRODUCTORY DISCOUNT OFFER 
S20FF TO STUDENTS 

in Del Mar 
Featuring Exotic and Unusual Raw Honey 

Books - Raw Dairy Products 
Co.metics . Produce 

This WHlcs Specl.l: 

10% off on 
all dried Fr .. t 

1153 Camino Del Mar 
755-09$7 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

. 

University City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego. CA 92122 

453-8030 

Member of F 0 I C 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla , CA 92037 

459-9711 

GOD-atUC8D? 
Part D . 

DR . lENO VENDtER AND DR. NORMAN GEISLER WiLl. DEBATE THE TOPIC , CAN MIRACULOUS EVENTS 
OCCUR IN A SPACE-TIME WORLD? SPECIFIC ATTENTION Will BE GIVEN TO THE RESURRECTION OF 
./fSUS. AFTER THEIR PRESENTA TlONS, REBUTTALS WILL BE GIVEN BY EACH SPEAKER, FOLLPWED WITH 
QUESTIONS FROM THE AUDIENCE. THIS IS A FOLLOW· UP TO THE CAPACITY FILLED DEBAtE 3ETWEEN 
DR. SAVILLE AND DR. GEISLER LAST APRIL 30th IN REVELLE CAFETERIA ON. THE EXISTENCE <Of GOO. 

DI. UNO YINDUI, uao Pro ..... of " ... .,., 
....... ,.~ ... tnity 
DI. aM.UI GEISUI, Preha.., at " ..... " TrWty E ...... 1ceI s...-., 
..... ..,. .........,(CIIIc .. o) 
... ., ... , Dr. ,... Wh"., Vic, ChaIlCtHor of Aalll •• c Affairs uao 

....... Lac8tIon: Thunday, NOY .... r .'" I.". c.f~teril.:OO·10:00P.M . 

........ fill SpoM0n4lty c. .... Crvlad. 



Ubiquity. 
aur CanppUI f)ilca 

'N8~QtI 
HOIQeQl't'WIP IV 

Saturday Nov~lQb~r 6 
1ln~ll~ Soutb 'DbJlQg Hall 

IGI .......... A.... .JI . ...,. Doorprfz •• 
frHP ..... 

Now Open on Campus I 
, 

Las Tres Flores 
"Grocery Store of the People" 

Milk 
Eggs 
Deli Goods 
Natural Foods 
Soft Drinks 
Snack Foods 
Much, Much More 

Located in the Third College 
Dining Commons 

Open Everyday Day 11 to 11 
Ct.... SoH . Pi,."." M.d •••• , 'UII Ctn,er 

CPB Presents 
Don Mclean 

NOllember J 9 8: 30 pm 
VC San DIego GJlm 

VCSD Student. U .50 
Genera' Adm/ .. lon '4.50 

TIcket.: VC San DIego Bo" OffIce 452-4559 

triton time8 "e_"iller3,11'J1 . triton tiDle8 

oFFENsiVE 
Scott Sadil / 

College Football Junkie 
Here it is, another November, and I'm starting to Het It. 
It's always the s-sarne. After more than my share of fall quarters at 

UCSD I kn-know the feellna, the disorder, the ache, loog before it 
develops Into the d-damn ckIIaeue that I alwars suffer through the 
autumn months with. 

There is nothing I c-can do. I barely made It through October on a full 
substltute-dose of the World Series. But it is now Driesville at UCSD.l'm 
afraid to think about what I will b-be Uke during the Thanksgiving 

~Il~end. 
So pad the walls! Throw away my r-razor blades! Keep the strait jacket 

ready! Because I'm facing another b-bout with my annual case of the 
What! -No-Hometeam-College-Football B-Blues. 

I got hooked early. Stevie Leighton took me to see one of George Allen's 
Whittier College teams In an early 60's classic. 

"What do lowe you for the tickets?" I asked Steve after the game. 
"Forget it," he said. "That one was free ." 
I grew up on a steady diet. of USC-UCLA overflow Coliseum thrillers 

and electronic trips to those weekly Midwest madhouses. I could always . 
picture myself when the time would come for m~ to be rooting for my own 
college team: wearing sunglasses and the football jersey stolen during 
the one-day walk-on tryout; jammed tight between the entire student 
body, that unbelievable first rush when the band ~ftdtdtdtdtdtdt 
KW AANG! ! - bursts Into the figlt song and the team comes into the 
stadium; and then standing, cheering, shouting, hands over head for the 
kickoff, letting all the excitement and other good stuff flow through the 
body; followed by two or three hou~ of nothing but watching and reac-
ting, watching and reacting, not thinking, just caring, euphoric; and 
when it is over, win or loose, a very drained and tired feeling from taking 
in too many lead changes, third-and-longs, high passes, and cheerleader 
come-om, thinking its more than a body can handle but knowing that 
even tomorrow !)ext Saturday will seem too far away. 

But I come to U~D and find out t.hat football is not happening. Oh 
sure, there is a lot of good Intramural stuff around, but I was In and out 
and past flag football long ago. It is still OK for kicks, but it's hardly 
satisfying for someone looking to get heavily Into his own college team. 

I tried out San Diego State. Of course, like any college football, it was 
good. 'But I know it is not the same as when one of the teams out on the 
field is your own. I mean, you need that personal identification, that 
feeling of relating to your own group, experiencing people who you have 
gone through it all with before, for It to be the kind of college football that 
you can really get Into. 

High school football does not make it. The crowds are too diluted with 
non-football fans and the players' skills are too mediocre for me ~ get off 
on. 

I suppose pro football could be nice, but I don't have the dollars to ~e 
a habit out of it. And it is too easy to burn out, even overdose, on teleVISIon 
football for me to enjoy it. Before you know It all the games seem the 
same. 

My friends at other schools are always telling me about how fine their 
teams' last weekend games were. "By the way," they usually add," how 
was that crucial badminton match U~D played in? " The bastards. 
UCSD football was popped before it even got pumped up, so aliI get is the 
needle. 

I'm n-not complaining. I'm just telling it I-like it is. And I hope no one 
looks down on me because of my p-problem. Because it's not my f-fault. 
It's a social disease. One of t-the reasons 1 chose to attend UCSD was toto 
hopefully cure myself. 

But t-towards the end of every year I start to m-miss having a f-football 
team. It gets Hough. I begin I-living In Edge City. Sometimes I just have 
to p-pull a Sportll IDustrated out of the I-library and go sit by m-myself in 
a corner and sing: 

Damn you, UCSD, look what you done, 
When you got rid of your football team, you got rid 0' all my fun. 
You teach me bio, physics ami wntm' , 
When all I wanna do is root for a Triton. 

There/Sa 
difference !!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

MC aT O"er 35 V •• " ". of .xpe,ienc. 
OaT end .. CCftl 

ANNOtJNCEMENT 

Trident Christian Fellowship meets 
lonight 01 7 :30 in Ihe Formal 
Lounge. 

Tritons Tri 
by RooKato 
StaHwrtter 

Waiting to avenge their 
only loss in the rematch 
from Friday with USD, 
women's volleyball team 
Mira Costa sUp by also, 
. stopping them in three sets 
15-8 and 1~7. 

Mira Costa, displaying 
spirit and aggres8lveness in 
pregame drills than any 
Triton opponent, seemed to 
Intimidated , UCSD before 
contest. "Mira Costa came 
thused because they knew 
to play will to win," said 
coach Chuck MWenbah. 

With that advantage Mira 
. jumped to an early 7-1 lead. 
corrunitting errors amidst 
court confusion, 
predetermined losers. The 
nonnally forceful spikes 
wtien confronted with Mira 
block ing front. 

The trend of 
when a close line jud~:ment 
went against Mira 
Eva Ljungwe, effective 
the match from the 
closed the Tritons to within 
7, on five hard serves. 

Mira Costa regained the 
hand once again 
holes In U~D's def.msle. 
'passing and ineffective 
with two setters up 
tually yielded six more 

Down 14-9, the 
more scores before 
a point on a 1JU'.U1~u.m 
by Mira Costa. With the 
14-12, a side out on San 
Mira Costa's game 

The second game 
line up change for the TrItons. 
Harbor, coming off of a_back 
and seeing limited action 
first contest, moved into 
lioe alongside Ljungwe. 
stronger hitting and blocking 

U~D established ' a three 

". S",." CI_ LlAT VoIllminoll' ho .... GRE study meteriel. 
Coun .. thet ... ARSB con_ently updtted 

Serving N-orth County, 
and UCSD ... DeaT Te~f ... lliti .. for ". '..,_1 of cl_ 

CPA I I_n. end for u. of lUPtJ!ement .. y meteri". FLEX Mak.·upo'or ECFMG miJOed I_nl 
MAT'L MEO BDS 

SIT- VIT 
.SAN DIEGO CENTER 

I 

Specializing in Water and 
Flexible Cornact Lenses 

0rtIIt •• ......, 
VII ... Perceptl .. 

B,.ne .... in mejo, us citl .. 
end Switzerl.,... 

1150 Camino 0.1 Mor Suire 80.1 /IItor 
For an 755-5484 

in Close Volley 
lead before being called for a 
throw. 

The service returned to San 
Diego when a perfect backset by 
Aileen Horimoto to the right side 
hitter Ljungwe, caught Mira 
Costa's defense oft stride and 

. positioned for a spike from the 
other hitter Andrea Beylen. 

UCSD ran the score up to 11-1 
before Mira Costa was forced to 
call their second time out. 

Despite playing good defense 
with the setters, Mira Costa 
gradually chipped away at the 10 
point lead, and taking advantage of 
U~D's offensive slack, ran off 
five straigbt points. 

As his team began to lose their 
poise, Coach Millenbah called for a 
time out. Mira Costa narrowed 

U~D's lead to four points and 
Freed returned to the line up. 
Ljungwe added two more points 
with her serves but failed to get the 
game winning score. Freed's 
unanswered spike, however, 
returned the advantage back to the 
Tritons who set up the win. 

The outset of -game three was 
almost exactly the same as that of 
the second contest. Freed and 
Harbor again provided the of-
fensive punch and Beth Sundheim 
added strength to the back row. 

UCSD, nearing victory, right-
fully earned the final few points of 
the match. The Tritons raised their 
point total to 13 when Freed 
penetrated two of Mira Costa's 
blockers with a smash down the 
side. Beylen's cross-court spike 
caught the now of Mira Costa's 
defense moving toward her and the 
ball landed untouched In the far 
and open comer of the court. The 
winning point wu scored with 

. Amelia Rivera was upset when she found out there wasn't going to be a 
Coed Floor Hockey league this quarter. Sbe thought she had assembled a 
snUy good teeD!. buf1ben a good team does nothing if there is no league 
In which to prove Ita talents. But that disappoiJtment is gone now as 
Amelia's BODY CHECKS captured the Coed Floor Hockey Tournament 
held last Saturday. 

Behind the superb goaltending of the tournament's Most Valuable 
Player, Pierre Bedard. the BODY CHECKS swept the double elimination 
tournament in three games, outlasting the pre-tournament favorite, 
COLUMBIA FINGER, 7-41, In the championship game. 

The BODY CHECKS drew a bye In the first round, then opened its play 
with an ll~ slutout of CAPTAIN A-HAS AND HIS MOBY DICKS. Jeff 
Thompson provided most of the scoring punch with 8 goals. 

In the next round the BODY CHECKS faced COLUMBIA for the first 
time. COLUMBIA had advanced to third round by defeating LOOO!,6-1, 
and last years coed champions, WHAT THE PUCK,9-3. 

Many observers felt that this first game betweenthe CHECKS and 
COLUMBIA would be the deciding game as the losers would have to fight 
their way back through the losers bracket and then have to defeat the 
winner twice to gain the championship. 
TWICE TO GAIN THE CHAMPIONSHIP. 

The game started slowly with Columbia gaining the early edge,1~ on 
a goal by Jeff CaMis. The CHECKS came right back to take a 2-1 lead as 
Amelia put the ball past the startled COLUMBIA netminder. COLUMBIA 
came right back at the beginning of the third period to take a 3-2 lead on a 
pair of goals by Kirk Robinson. But now it was time for Pierre Bedard to 
take charge. Stopping numerous shots he took the wind out of the 
COLUMBIA attack, while Jeff Thompson provided two late goals to give 
the BODY CHECKS a 4-3 win. . 

COLUMBIA then went Into the losers bracket and defeated LOOO! ,l1-
4, In order to set up the rematch against the BODY CHECKS . 

In the final game a tired COLUMBIA team came out fast to take a 4-1 
lead on a goal by Sandy Wade and 2 from Jeff Cannis. COLUMBIA then 
shifted into slow motion and allowed the CHECKS to make its run at the 
title. With Jeff Wustman (3 goals), Thompson (2), Bruce Beleile and 
Mark Aumann (1 each) doing the scoring and Pierre making some 
tremendous saves In goal, the BODY CHECKS tied COLUMBIA at ~ 
then won the game 7-41 on Wustman's final goal. 

Congratulations .are In order to the entire BODY CHECKS squad: 
Amelia Rivera, Jeannie Cunnigham, Diane Ludwig, Laura, Bruce Bleile, 
Frank Vernon (who managed to show up just In time for thellnal game), 
Pierre (Lucky Pierre?) Bedard, Jeff Wustman, Mark Aumann, Jeff 
Thompson. They now have to play " A" League next quarter! 

Other Noteworthy Performances: 
-LInda Schlesinger of LOOO! led all the women with 3 goals. 

-CAPTAIN A-HAB recorded the best showing by a new team. 
-The PUCKlES are still out In force, but WHAT could use a couple of 

players that have left for parts unknown. . 
-LOOO! managed to lose thre!! games In a double elimination tour-

nament. (And Bruce McMahon thought the tournament was stacked 
agaimthim.) 

•••• 
Now that the coed tournament is out of the way, don't forget the First 

Annual Kirsner Kup Men's Floor Hockey Tournament coming up 
November 13 and 14. Get your team together and submit your roster to 
the rec gym office by Nov. 11. It's your one chance left to get floor hockey 
out of your system before the quarter ends. 

0'I1IER 1M NOTES: 
There will be a free throw shooting contest this Sunday at 10 am in the 

main gym. You must sign up In the rec office by Thursday (tomorrow). 
--------------~. ----~ , 
Horimoto makiilg a good save off r::;::----:4"" •• 
the net and Ljungwe dunking the 
bBll over the net, before Mira Costa 
'was called for a net violatioo. 

"Mira Costa has definitely 
improved since last year," c0m-
mented Millenbach. "We could 
have choked and lost, but we put 
our act together and came back." 

The Tritons will play three away 
games before returning home to 
close out the season against usru 
and USD. The games will be held 
on November 10 and 12, respec-
tively. 

Su~,~~r7. .M. 
CIVIC THEATRE, 282 "e" STREET 

TlCUTI: QlWMICf ..u IS .• -_r OF PlRF. IU' 
......... 11:1....,-.... 

... ~,._· . . ... 5 ........ - •. 

An Equal Opportunity 
to become a trainee 

. . 

in Motion Pictures 

November 4, 1976 
fBLOOPOMMuD-~_= Jack Carlson and Roone Villareal will be 

on campus to discuss the Motion Picture 
-I Indusby's ltalnlng Programs 's;,~-=. for Camera Assistants 

PAYS DONORS Assistant Dhec:tors-Publlcists 

~~_J ~==~=k=e-='I'OCIR=U=P=~~Is~ts-S=or=Pf1=ICf:=~=rl=p=:=:=:=pe='"=~=f=sO=:=I'I=I =~ 

PaleS 

{)PB Presents 
Friday & Saturday Filnts 

PETER BOGDAlfOVICH'S 
.BRILLIANT PICTURE SHOW 
THAT INTRODUCED AMERICA 
:ro mE FORGO'l"l'EN SO'S 

COLUMBIA PICTURES 
Preset'l15 
A BBS PROOUCTION 

A Flfm By 

PETER BOGDANDVICH 

~Last PIcture ShOUl" 
Fr/dav November 5 
7:00pm - 9:30pm 
VSB2722 
$1.25 

and 
Saturday November 6 

Lost in the Stars 
7:30pm - 9:30pm 
USB 2722 
U 

"Lost in The Stars," a musical based 
on Alan Paton's "Cry the beloved 
country," is a poignant drama oj 
race relations in South Africa and 
the conflict of good and evil in the 
modern world. Directed by Daniel 
Mann and Starring Melba Moore 
and Brock Peters . 

STARTS TODAYI 
Exclusive Engagementl 

6:00, 8:00 & 10:00 

,. ..... Hou,S:3D - ' :00 P.M . DeIly 



tritOR tiIIles 

Record Review 
Bolin Boring Rawls Right On _-_,"_ifieds 

-.a:-.--Only 25° 
Per8on~ls 50" ~nd Non Student Ads SI 

r--~~~;':'-;:':;~~;;;':-~-l 
~ i 

Private Eye!, Tonuny Bolin -
Colwnbla Recorda 

Bolin's debut album, Teal«, 
demonstrated that he is an ex-
cellent rock guitarist as well as a 
sensitive song writer, capable fl 
producing a well-crafted sound. 
Teaser was a balanced LP, with 
driving rockers like "Marching 
Power" and the title track as well 
as soft romantic dilties like 
"Savannah Woman." 

PrIvate Eyes, Bolin's second solo 
LP, fonows the general fonnal fl 
his Teaser effort, bul is not as 
successful. It's just one of those 
records that's missing an 
ingredient. The fault here probably 
lies with Bolin's material, which 
just isn't as inspiring as the 
material on Teaser. Perhaps 
Bolin's stint with Deep Purple just 
drained him somewhat. 
All 1bings In Time, Lou Rawls -
Philadelphia Internationa,} 

Lou Rawls, the Binler's singer. 
the man with the golden voice. has 
finally made his mark in pop 
music. Sure he's bad hits before. 

Tommy Bolin 

Who can forget "Natural Man. II 
But with AU 1'IIIqsln TIme, Rawls 
has really outdone himself. The 
music world hasn't heard anything 
like this since Sinatra was at his 
peak many moons ago. 

Give a lot fl credit to the 
mainstays at Philadelphia 
International, Ken Gamble and 
Leon Huff. who wrote and 
produced most of the albwn's 
selections. Included are the ex-
cellent swingers "You're The One" 
and "Groovy People," and ' the 
mild disco classic "You'll Never 
Find Another Love ' Like Mine." 
The man is so damn versaWe that 
it's almost sickening. No singer 
anywhere can croon liXe Rawls, as 
evidenced by the renditions of the 
title track "All Things In Time" 
and the Bricusse-Newly classic 
" Pure Imagination." This man 
should become a legend. 

{ ; I I Baritone Larson to Present Vocal Recital; 
If :I~ P~~~;~rt~~~~~e ~e~~",," ~~~dsi::l o~..!i~tio" ~ of the U~D music department, as the principal vocalist with Los eventual hope is for a symposium will presenl a vocal recital, Angeles vocal ensembles and with each year. 
1 ~ Saturday, November 6, at 8 pm, in various music theater groups. Mter studying with Alexander , the Mandeville recital han. Lar- Michael Parker is currently a Sverjensky in Hungary, Ungar 
, ~' son, accompanied by pianist member of the San Diego Opera went on to graduate from the 
\ Michael Parker, will sing~wo song coaching staff. The concert is free. Sydney Australia Conservatory 
, 1 cycles, specifically Schumann's with honors. In 1967 he joined the ~_ i Uederkrell, Op. 24, and Po~lenc's The second concert of the Conservatory staff and the 
, ,1 Wednesday Evenings At The i · I Mandeville center concert series, 
i Gus GIOrda sponsored by the UCSD music ~ no t;~~~~' a~e~~n~:~ 
, Jazz Dance' Co. 't: classical music, Wednesday, i November 10th, at 8 pm, in the 
t ; Mandeville Recital Hall. 
- , ( lovambar 12 8:30 pm t ! Mandeville Audllorlum I 
1 

Slu. 12.50, B.I. 14.50 . 
ncbts: uc San Diego Box Office 452-4559 ( 

. , 
"~ . ....... ",a.", ................ ~~., •• ~ ............. ~ ............. ,,-....... ~ ............. ~.'-t4-

Stewart Larson 
Le Bestiaire. Selected material 
from the works of Purcell, Ralph 
Waughn and Charles Ives will also 
be perfonned. 

Larson IS a student ot musIc 
department faculty member John 
Large. He was heard last year in 
the UCSD Young Opera Theatre 
production of the Magic Flute' by 
Mozart and Pasatieri's Riders to 

The Wednesday series brings 
concerts of representative 
classical and contemporary works 
for the enjoyment of San Diego 
audiences. Tamas Ungar will 
perfonn Sonata In E Flat op. 31 by 
Beethoven, Rand's Memoir For 
Solo Piano, Bartok's Soll8ta 1826 
and Rbapsodie Espagnole by Llszt. 

Born in- Budapest thirty years 
ago, Ungar has had a colorful 
career in Europe, Australia, and 
more recently, the United States. 
Now a visiting artist at the UCSD 
music department, he is enthused 
about the varied musical activities 
happening on campus. 

Ungar has arranged a workshop 
at UCSD with sixty locai pianists, 
to happen November 19, in an 
effort to become-acquainted with 
the University and to exchange 

U(SI> I>RAMA DEPT. 
PRltIIm:THE liNER clrv CULTURAL 

+ (ENtP5 lROIU(TIONS OF 
BOESMANtLENA;t~~N~f.I 

+THE BLOOP KNOr-
-,:\!~i L 

.2.00 IIftlopwItl:'I' 

Tamas Ungar 
Australian Broadcasting Com-
mission's Concerto Competition. 
Ungar toured all major centers of 
Australia in solo recitals. Musical 
accomplishments include a 
fellowship to study with Gyorgy 
Sebok at Indiana University, 
where hE! earned his Masters and 
Phd and assistant music director 
of the Purcell School in London. 

Concert tickets are available at 
the Turntable, La Jolla, and the 

U~D box office. 

ANNOUNCEMENT' 
The OPTOMETRY Club will have irs 
first meeting Thursday, at 7 pm. in 
the lounge Conference Room at 
the Student Center. Anyone 
seeking information about the 
profeSSion is inllited to attend. 

CIGARETTES 
$3.5' rEI CAlTON 

-..... ".. ..... ' , 
• W ...... A .... ...... 
· No._ ...... lor DII' .. 

........... 

• All ............ " •• 
--,," __ -n-
_ ... 01 ... _ ..... 
• Ia.': 'I 01 ..... 

.................... 
,..- .... 4......, ....... 
................ 
. ....., ... (...,. -
c.o.D'-I)" ... 101 

sountERN TOBACCO 
'91 AnIFII A ..... 

ConI GAllI, PIortIIa "1 Jot 

triton times 

ExamS Score· ___ _ M-atching 
~----.......... 

'Hall 

_ 1. Pat Orsini 

2. F. Thomas Bond 

3. Judy Sweet 

_ 4. Dr. Brown 

a. Lady Wrestler_ 
h. Soft drink brand served at 

Carnegie A-440. 
c. Artifical sugar substitute 

used In NASA flights. 
d. UCSD Athletic director. 
e. Local University City 

psychiatrist specializing in 
student disorders. 

£. A kind of molecular binding 
simUar to covalent bonding. 

g. UCSD student and waitress 
at Carnegie A-440. 

h. Professor of organic 
chemistry at UCSD. 

I. Latin eha Cha instructor In 
La Jolla. 

Bring this exam to Carnegie A-440 for 
scoring by any waitress. 

100%: 1/3 off any pizza 
75%: 1/4 off any pizza 
50%: $1 off any pizza 
25%: 50¢ off any purchase 

Opportunity expires 
November 9, 1976 

Carnegie A-4'40 Pizza Hall • 2212 Cannel Valley Road, Del Mar 755-6778 

Gas. ... 
posed to ' only a very few in the 
United States. Yet, he said, lhis 
heating method would be of 
tremendous benefit because one 
third of the average American's 
utility bill is eaten up-by the cost of 
domestic hot water. 

The actual design fl Gurfinkel's 
system is based upon temperature 
flow. It consists of one "collector" 
and a 40 gallon storage tank for 
each member Il the family. In 
practical use for eight years, the 
apparatus maintains a water 
temperature fl 95 degrees in all 
weather. and reaches 140-150 
degrees with sunny skies. An 
electrical emergency back-up unit 
allows the maximum temperature 
to be maintained if necessary. 

At another table. a represen-
tative from the Sunshine Utility 
Company displayed a small water 
distillation unit which Is capable fl 
purifying water-whether it be 
sewage, mud or salt water-for 
only 5c per gallon. If one bad ae-
ce58 to a free source of water, the 
cost for the initial materials would 
be the only necessary monetary 
expenditure. Each square foot of 
the unit Is able to produce one-
tenth of a gallon of water daily. 

The Ecological Life Systems 
Institute, an educational 
organization whose research 
focuses on environmental 
problema and their practical 
solutions, showed plans for its 
proposed energy . aelf-eufficlent 
college. An intricate set fl plalll 
accompanied an in-depth raearcb 
report dealln. with the 
pnailiJw.. of the prapcul. 

CalPIRQ. a COIIIUJDeI' oriented 
. "-reb group, made available 

salea literature and promotional 
ltemI for 'aolar energy. Nearby, a 
group of recycling center 
representativea presented 
material covering not only 
reducUon fl enerJY consumptioo, 
but al80 the importance of the ... 
lilt ff many of the earth·s other 
natural re.lurc ... 

TRiTON ClAssifiEds 
WANTEd 

Tattooed females - I need 10 pholograph your 
deCOrations for school project . Call Abba 
481.0723 afler 7. 

Wanted: Wlckar slool . small SIze. good 
condition. Call ~53-4658 . (1115) 

Wanled : Subtects males 21 yr • . or 01 dar. 
Psch e.perlmenl . Ply $120. Call 452-4750 or 
4751 . 

fOR SAlE 
1970 Ford Cortlno GT 4 speed. new brake • • 
shocks. battery. alter. Greal MPGI S8!\O 23G-
5841 (1115) 

7'2" surfboard swallow lall plus wings only 
used 6 times. Was $150 now $110 womens 
full wet suit O'Nelll was S90 want S50 45J. 
6275 . (11/3) 

Algol on the 86700: thorough new texl now 
available; for Info comBel Don Gregory·APM 
5301 X2795 (1115) 

Ski Snowbird & Alia Utah with Ihe UCSD Sk i 
Club Nov 24 - Nov 29 $129.95 - tlckats on sale 
allhe Campus Bo. Off. (11 13) 

Fe rmt to share 2 bed 2 bath apr. Immed 1 ml 
from schoof $85 pfus 114 ull . pool. 'acuul. 
45>1405 keep trying (11 13) 

Rmmale(s) wnld for hs. al Wlndansea. Own 
rm $125 frplce . 1/2 bI to beach . Phone 452· 
9185(1113) 

1 BR. apl. . furnished. available during 
Christmas bre"" oYWtooks ocean In Mission 
Beech . .aa~26 (ask for Terry) (1115) 

Married couple needs studio or cottage or 
place 0"'", garage 10 rani Immed . SHiO male. 
45G-545TRef·aavali. 

Beg. Jazz dance classes. All ages . Stratford 
Studios. 081 Mar. h;fo. 453-8886. 

TRAvd 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUSI New York & 
Europe flights . PSA rese",atlons CIEE 
Studanl Tnwel Services. open Mon .• Wed .• 
FrI.12-4pm. Call 452.()63()(1216) 

Full Service Travel Agency. All carriers In-
cluding chaners ! American Youth Hostel 
cards available. Call Beryel or Sam at TMT 

~2-1981 . NO SERVICE CHARGEI (1216) 
UCSO studenlS needed 10 replace us at Mesa - Ski lhe Besl • Ski Aspen . 6 days lifts. 
Apt . 453-7924 evenings. PI1I1 . Tim. Don. lodging. breaktasls for 5200. Call LArry 453· 
Yugi. 1969 (11 /1 0) 

Female needed to share greal 3obedroom 
beech house In Oef Mer· fireplace. pool. 5115 
call ~I.o261 . 

• SERVICES 
Typlng· IBM ~Iectrlc Iheses. dissertations. 
etc. e.perienced. reasonable. Mrs. Old/45> 
0127 . (1216) 

WOMANCARE: Self·help clinic . abOrt ion 
prenalal . annual exams 1050 Garnet P.B. 488-

PERSONAl 
All Is forgiven . let us know you're alive . 
Conlribute 10 Helicon . UCSO's creative 
magazine. Send clo Helicon Campus 
Mallcode C'(x)5. (11 13) 

Meditation on " Mt. Shasla". flft up on your 
sould Into lhe Love Star. Friday evening 7 30 
pm USB ~A Revelle. Free 10 all by Alpha 
and Omega. 75>0816 ( tI /5~ 

Stereo: sound <Ieslgn AM·FM. tumlable . lWO . 7591 (1216) Explore your past lives At paal lives 
regress lor, seminar Nov. 6 & 7 contact . 
Denise Claril583-5783 (1 t 1 5 ~ ext. speakers. QOod sound • low price. S.a. Call Barb 452-0379 (1 tiS) 

11171 Detlun 510. low mil ... '''''fm. aurf 
racks. excellent I"napertatlon S1ooo101ler. 
Call Tom 48S-84119. 

Needed Calh? ~old of , Irwunkan Plead 
Mattel'l CrwpIe Set. "1479 (11/12) 

For Sale: UaecI girt friend . Large no .. In-
cluded . Cheap. See Den. • 

10' KOOI Sailboat . Priced for quick .. Ie S30. 
"1088 .. k for ScOlt . 

. For Sale: L1ka ,.,., toIIter; lid ... Clot"'l • 
~. cuual Ihon; petl l pane. 
hOUMhoId mile. CalI~. (11/15) 

housiNG 
4 rcomet .. w."ted: 21n 3br 2 beep! wlpoof. 
21n 3 br PIOu .... , .... AI 10 mini awey 1100 
.. plul utll . 2W-G213 (11 151 

TYPING : IBM CORRECTING SELECTRIC. 
TERM PAPERS. THESES. DISSERTATIONS. 
EDITING. RUSH JOBS. 452-1588. 580-8171 . 
(1113) 
LOSE unwanled poundt & Inches Easy way 
to loea _Ighl and k .. p 1\ offl Call Lynn ~I . 
8290 (1 2 I II~ 

Senionl & Grad lIudentl. Come get 'em while 
they',. hoi 1977 Placemenl Annuals PlOt 011 
the _I FREEl (! 1 13) 

• SEX·I... oriented ed grM\ Chris t mal IdN 
old time SepIa portrait. ar;old holiday rush 
Siefan 756·2179 (11 15~ 
ACADEMIC RESEARCH PAPERS: 
ThoulMde on file . Send '1.00 for your In· 

~. mell onIer cat .. ou. 11322 Idaho A ..... 
'aJIIH. Lot AngtIeI, calif. aoo25 (213) 477· 

"14. 112111~ • 

The Soak Coop II ell .. and well Ind Open M· 
F 10 I.m .• 3 p.m. Localed _ the Raw"_ 
LOUIIQW. (t 1/10~ 

Top Dollar Paid for U.S. Silver Coins Mlnled 
before 1985, Also buying old U .S. coins. call 
Ken 7~7371 (1216) 
PrJHIenIIf club flrat Nov. 4 . 2:00 p.m. SE 
comer ~It. Commons . All ItUdents 

_c~. 

With you by my slda I CM be myself . 
CVMWM 

The vshlel. of the pholoblologlall. How 
coma ... IINI well for your love7 We muet 
lo"p"n . 

Maryann from ,",0""'" _ youm Dam 
ex. Nile . 

Frl. To the glrf who w .. fMllng under lhe 
w.athe,. Hope you·,. belter. An AulI",llan . 

Llttl. PI1It ; 
Remember .. . you made me Imllo. Ihanx 
mudlo. 

lillie Amy 

OuspenSkyl Gurdjleff esoteric school now 
accepting students. 22~554 evenings (1118) 

J-Good luck on your diel. Stick wllh It . R 

Lost: Beloved Pabat beer tapper . Wander"'; 
lWiay from our home Saturdav r.!ij;'l. :r iound 
cell 75>7635. 

THE OPTOMETRY CLUB will have Its t lrst 
meeting Thurs_. al 7 pm. In lhe Lounge 
Conference room al Ihe Siudent Canter. 
Anyone seeking Information about the 
profession Is Invited to alland. 

lOST ANd fooNd 
Lost Book: Jacobe " Str.I Functlon Tissues" 
In HI Aud Friday. If found pl_ phone 
Sharon 488-9171 . 

LOST: Bulky brown s_er In USB .o5OA. 
Please retum: 4&>-2794 colleC1 . 

Lost : Mexican design nat colored wallet. I 
need fD ·s . Please calf 755-0827 If 
whereabouls known . 

lost: Shawl daril blue. Call 452-8445. 

lost: Small . beige uMd notebook. On 
campus . approx . 10/14. Important noles. 
Reward I , Call Mark at 22303656. 

l ost . Car co_ with name Phil Coleman 
pa inted on. If call 453-0878 ask for PI1 I1 . 
Reward . (11 I~) 

Lost! Sat Nlte: NecklllCe - ig amber baed w/af 
t"dlng baed really loved It. please retum 10 
TT office . 

........... , .•. 
s.. .... ,Pre·Ute L...-

S83·L1FE 

I 
l 



I 
I 

12st 'rospcct ~vc. #2 
~cross froIQ C~artl1ouse Restaur8Qt 


