
St~ Regent Peeples Tackles Bureaucracy 
Ity IA .. Rlebter 

Staff Writer 

"I want students not just to go to 
school, but to be involved with the 
educational process," says Daryn 
Peeples, 1978-77 Student Regent. 
Peeples was at UCSD Friday for 
the Student Body Presidents' 
Council (SBPC). She said her 
present position is a result of her 
I)wn active involvement at the UC 
;erkeley campus. 
Peeples served as chairperson of 

the Student Advisory Committee to 
the Office of Admissions and 
Records and as member of the 
Registration Fee Committee. It 
was through her job with the 
Public Information Office that she 
first began attending SBPC 
meetings. This sparked her in-
terest in inter-campus student 
government. 

Peepletl Trades Study Time 
Peeples sacrifices her study time 

in order to prepare herself for 
Regents meetings and to gather 

student input Although few people 
actually visit during her five office 
hours each day, she has many 
telephone calls and letters to which 
she must respond. Her constant 
concern is that students are aware 
of her presence and know that she 
can be contacted. 

There are certain issues up 
before the Board which Peeples 
said she feels deserve the special 
attention of the students. 
Presently, the Registration Fee 
increase is of major concern. 
Establishing official student 
autonomy from the University, 
Board Item 513, is important in 
that the Regents still have a 
controlling interest in each 
campus' student government 
through the chancellors. This 
control is somewhat less at the 
Berkeley campus, she said, but 
autonomy has still not been 
assured. 

The issues before theRegents this 
week include a study of the 

UCSD Biohazards Committee 
Oversees Research Risks 

by Joel C. Don 
Associate News Editor 

The strict surveillance of scientific hazards, such as the recent 
radioactive co n tamination at the VA Hospital in La Jolla, is one of the 
concerns of the UCSD Biohazards Committee, said Lee Henderson, 
chairman of the Committee. Henderson, as chairman of the Committee, 
directs a 13-member group of overseers of all on-going research and 
potentially biohazardous experiments. 

According to Henderson, the initial role of the Committee was to 
"catalog" the research through a questionnaire sent to all researchers. 
The questionnaire strictly defined biohazardous research and the 
Committee will make sure that research involving recombinant DNA 
technology falls within the prescribed guidelines of the National 
Institutes of Health (NIH). 

Although UCSD has had an in-
formal biohazards committee 
since 1972, recent publicity over 
the controversial proposals for 
genetic engineering uperiroents 
prompted Chanoel1or . McElroy to 
make the appointment of an of-
ficial biohazards committee. 
Henderson noted that the 
Biohazards Committee met in 
advance of the NIH requirement. 

The Committee, composed of 11 
members from the academic 
community, a lay community 
lawyer and a representative from 

Lee Henderson Mayor Pete WilSon's office, is 
divided into a series of panels dealing with specific biohazard research 
issues. Henderson commented that a majority of the Committee, in-
cluding himself, are not involved in recombinant DNA research. Some of 
the specialized subcommittees include: 

-a panel which will address the education of the community as well as 
the principle investigators who are doing the research. 

-a panel handling non-recombinant DNA hazards. 
-a panel which will address the health of the community. 
-a panel of surveillance, for certification of the investigators. 
Although the Committee was fonned to monitor the UCSD researchers, 

Henderson admitted that "much of the surveillance carried out has to 
have faith in the principle investigator." He added that " the principle 
investigator will do the majority of surveillance of his staff and graduate 
students." 

Henderson believes that education will make graduate students and 
technical staff aware of any dangers. He also insisted that the Committee 
stands receptive to any problems the workers under the principle in-
vestigators may bring up. 

"There is Ii mechanism," Henderson said, "which allows the Com-
mittee to hear any breech of the NIH guidelines, aside from the principle 
investigator. " 

In regard to safety, many scientists involved in recombinant DNA 
research claim that it is almost in!possible to get these hybrid organisms 
to grow. Ajso,no one at UCSD will be involved in the production of known 
pathogens. Why then does the Committee address the issue of recom-
binant DNA research and why does it need blohazardous containment? 

Henderson explained that "it may not be clear what organisms would 
result," but he suggested that "there are reasonable expectations." 

"If people were aware of how difficult it i.s to make a genetic transfer, " 
Henderson argued, "they would be less critical." 

RadIoactive C ......... u.. 
Recently, inspectors at the VA Hospital fOmld excessive amomlts of 

radioactive Iodine 131(1131) in four or five research labs, and 1131 was 
escaping into the atmosphere via the emuent from the experimentation 
hoods. 

Some individua1a working in the contaminated areas were concerned 
over the unuaually high 1131 uptake in their thyroid glands, accordilll to 
sources cloee to the Triton Times. Although the 1131 overdose didn't cause 
any immediate effects, there is concern among these individuals that 
they are now more likely prone to cancer of the thyroid. 

Henderson, whole office is on the sixth noor of the VA Hospital, Is 
fa miliar with the VA's radioactive contamination, and s~gested the 
problem lies in the lack of enough physical monitoring. 

The seriousneu of the VA's detection problem directly relates to the 
mmittee and their monitoring of the emuent from UCSD's biohazard 

CeatlDHd _ Pate a 

statewide policy on deferred ad-
missions and the long range 
building plans for dormitories at 
UCLA. Peeples feels these ar 
"emotional issues," as is the Reg. 
Fee issue. 

Peeples expressed an "acute 
awareness" of the bureaucracy 
affecting students within the UC 
system. "It is absorbed into every 
facet of our education," she says. 
"It's gotten to the point where you 
can't see the light - where's the 
end?" Her cynicism has developed 
largely by working through red 
tape at her· Berkeley office. 

"I've benefited tremendously," 
claims Peeples, from her Regent 
post. Yet the actual process of 

applying for the position proved to 
be " traumatic" for her. The 
waiting period lasted from 
January until May, and entailed 
several interviews and 
eliminations. She said she was 
thrilled by finally being chosen, 
and emphasizes that "it was all 
worth it." 

Regent Peeples may be reached 
at 773 University Hall at UC 
Berkeley. Her office will be 
relocated beginning winter quarter 
to 330 Sproul Hall. Her permanent 
phone number is 415-642~254 . 
Peeples is willing to help if 
students will make the effort to 
contact her. 

UCSuDiep 

Reverse Discrimination 

Daryn Peeples (IT photo Bill Brooks) 

v ..... a, NwilberZl 

Regents to Appeal Bakke Case 
The Board of Regents Friday 

reaffirmed its decision to appeal to 
the US Supreme Court a case that 
will decide the fate of UC's special 
minority admissions programs. 

The decision - announced after a 
closed session during the regents' 
meeting at UCLA - came despite 
protests from major civil rights 
organizations that pursuit of the 
appeal could mean a Supreme 
Court ruling to eliminate special 
minority admissions programs 
throupgut!be nation. 

The Regents' decision concerns 

an appeal of the California 
Supreme Court ruling that the 

special minority admissions 
program at the UC Davis Medical 
School violates the equal protection 
clause of the 14th Amendment. 

The state court made the ruling 
Sept. 16 in a case brought by Allan 
Bakke, a white applicant to the 
Davis Med School who claimed he 
was denied admission while less 
qualified minority applicants were 
accepted through tbe . speci~ 
program. 

Layne Oaks weaving into 1st place . Slalom event at the 1st Annual UCSD 
Amateur Skateboard Contest. Sponsored by the UCSD Surf Club . See story 
on page 6 . 

Merry Christmas Personals 
Only 34 more shopping days until Christmas. And only 15 days until 

the Triton Times finals week issue. 
On Dec. 6 the Triton Times will publish a special issue, to serve as a 

diversion from the paranoia and pressure of finals week. Highlighting 
the issue will be a section of Merry Christmas personals. 

In keeping with the season's spirit, the Merry Christmas personals 
will be only $.10, for every 100 spaces. Bring them by the Triton Time 
office, in the southeast comer of the Student Center. 

Merry Christmas. 

Minority Applicants Preference 
Such programs to give special 

preference to minority applicants 
were established by UC in the late 
sixties in an effort to increase the 
number of minorities in the legal 
and medical professions. 

Last Monday, the US Supreme 
Court blocked implementation of 
the Bakke ruling for 30 days to 
allow the Regents time to decide 
whether to appeal. 

Among the organiza.tions urging 
the Regents to arop the appeal 
were the National Association for 
the Advancement of Colored 
People, the NAACP Legal Defense 
Fund, the National Conference of 
Black Lawyers, the Mexican-
American Legal Defense and 
Education Fund and the Southern 
California chapter of the American 
Civil Liberties Union. 

Representatives from several of 
those organizations told the 
Regents Thursday , during a 
committee meeting on the case, 
that UC General Counsel Donald 
Reidhaar has badly mishandled 
the case. 

The groups have said the UC 
case is weak because the 
University has not presented 
evidence of past racial 
discrimination which has deprived 
minorities of equal - ilducational 
opportunities. 

Such evidence is necessary to 
prove the need for programs in-
tended to compensate for past 

discrimina~ry practices, they say. 

Reidhaar RepUes 

In reply to such charges 
Reidhaar has said the civil rights 
organizations want UC "to admit 
or confess that the university has 
discriminated against minorities 
prior to establishing special ad-
missions programs ... The problem 
with that is that It simply is not 
true. " 

While the state Supreme Court 
ruled that a 1 applicant's economic 
and educational background can 
be considered in admissions 
programs that are " racially 
ne~.·· .,!Of" • IS fmrttrtlott 
that modification of existing 
programs will sharply reduce the 
number of minority admissions. 

After the closed session Friday, 
Board chainnan William Coblentz 
said the Regents' vote to appeal 
wa not unanimou . 



••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• ~.. I 
• Off.,...... I 
I .... haIf.1 I 
I iII.II8 .. tH I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 

I
I only 7 9~ witt. thll coupon III ~ bpirelll/30 
= Antipasto Salad-A Big Meal = 
I For Even a Big Eater = 
II Mi.sion a.ctI Oce .. a.ctI SI.,. Colleg' La Joli. EI Cajon I 

714Ven1UfaPl . SOOINewporl 51 19 College Ave. 91 2 Silverado St . 583N . 2ndS1. I 488-4800 222-1777 583-3616 454-3131 44().7323 I 
••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
... a.-e • __ .am 

InanDon Muir Slud.IS I m 
a 

m 
Ii 

a 

m 
a 

I 
Ii 

I , 

Thl,. aN Im ... nl m88llnDI 'OU 
Ihould lIIa.aN of. .. 
The Muir COIlIDI COuncil meelllOday 
al 4:00 pm allhl Muir Provoll'l 
COnference Room. 

Agenda Monday Novembe. 22. 1976, 4:00 pm . 
1. Change in constiluency 01 lhe Finance Sub-commillee_ 

B. Quorum 
b . Finance .1I0cation limn , IS200I. 

2. Finance committee repor1 . 
3. Report on P,ovos"s offices .ul •• , 'egulatlons, and p.ocMdures. 

a. PassIM pass v. passIno record 
b. Minor program 
c. Final d.op dale . 

The IIUdenl Caucul. Muir COlille COuncil 
mllli .morrow al 3:00 pm 

Agenda: Tuesday No ... _ 23 . 1976,3:00 pm . 
1. Finance reports 
AI4 .oopm . 
2. All commill .. appoInlee .eports . 

a. Cha'gelell ••. 
b. Council's charge. 

We have openings 10. Ihe Mul. Housing" Food SeNices 13 off campus 
repsJ and Ihe Communicalions and Eloclion Board I , eachJ 

UilliiEiEl m GlGiiiaIil' 

Attention 
Juniorsl 
Train for the 

Navy's sky now. 
Ho.· would you like to receive 

$3( j~,OOO worth of flight train-
ing at the Navy's expense? This 
training is guaranteed as an 
Av~ation Reserve Officer Candi-

da~e (AVRO~)- AVROC means 
exd,tement and challenge whll", 
tr,lveling, flying and gaining 
se If-confidence in a world of 

pro~essionals. Juniors apply 
no~ to reserve your seat. There 
is no obliga t ion ! 

Be Someone Special. Fly Navy. 
FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT: 

LT. FRANK BUSH 
(714) 293-6444 Collect. 

m 

m 

~ 
m 

m 

m 
a 

~ - " , ' " 

. -mAfS fUNNY, .. N080PY WON 1"' NO~~L.- ~AC&: P~It.t! ' 
Letters to the Editor 

COOp Questions Budget Freeze 
Dear Mr. Murphy : 

The Student Cooperative Union 
wishes to respond to your letter of 
November 2, 1976 concerning your 
freeze of part of the Coop's budget 
package for funding student 
organizations, the Campus 
Program Board, Communications 
Board, and the Coop Umbrella 
expenses. We are agreeable to the 
recommendations of your 
Advisory Committee on Student 
Fee Programs that you lift the 
freeze, and we have no problem 
endorsing " .. . in principle, subject 
to refinement and amendation ... " 
the draft guidelines for our han-
dling of the $6 per quarter Student 
Activity ' Fee because the new 
guidelines are very nearly iden-
tical, in substance, to our old ones. 

For two years you have been ap-
proving our allocations on the basis 
of these guidelines, which you 
yourself have helped to "refine and 
amend" from time to time. How 
could anyone believe there was a 
real need for a freeze? 

Your "conference committee" 
recommended that, if approved, 
the new guidelines should ..... be 
effective from the date of final 
approval forward and not be ap-
plied retroactively." They also 
recommednded that " ... if these 
guidelines are acceptable to the 

Advisory Committee on Student 
Fee Programs and the Coop, the 
budgetary freeze be lifted ." 
(Emphasis added by Coop). We 
want to know how you reconcile 
this apparent contradiction. H the 
new guidelines were not being 
"applied retroactively," why were 
budgets frozen pending their 
adoption? 

Finally, we believe the budget 
controversy to be only slightly 
resolved by the lifting of the freeze 

Continued on lPage 3 

Students Show Disinterest 
In Quality of Education 
Those interested in the quality of education at UCSD and curious about 

the " standards" of the literature department will be interested to read 
the CAPE comments on Mrs. Eleanor Widmer'S Gen/LiVlZ1 of last 
winter. 

We find students expressing the following opinions about the course : "a 
must before graduation," "highly recommended," "one of the best," a 
course that "opened their eyes"-and about the instructor: "interesting," 
"dynamic," " an excellent lecturer," " with a unique lecture style," 
" unmatched enthusiasm and humanity," "one of UCSD's greatest 
assets." 

However, the fact of their 
striking similarity, and the fact 
you have persisted since your 
letters of June 23, 1976 in tying the 
release of the funds to the 
"development of guidelines" 
continues to disturb us. It has been, 
and remains our position that the 
freeze was a completely un-
necessary act on your part. 
Neither you nor your Advisory 
Committee cited specific ob-
jections or additions to our old 
guidelines or Constitutional 
provisions in taking 'the freeze 
action_ You had all summer to do 
so, but instead waited unW the 
middle of the fall tenn to convene a 
"conference committee." 

In the numerical ratings, 93% of the students place her in the two 
highest categories for general teaching effectiveness, 90% for stimulation 
of intellectual curiosity, 93% for the excellence of the course as a learning 
experience, 91% for lecture clarity, 96% for lecture structure. Mrs. 
Widmer has consistenUy received praises and ratings of this sort 
throughout her many years of teaching at UCSD. . 

This is the teacher whom the faculty of the literature department fired 
last year (or, to be precise, refused to reappoint as a lecturer), showing 
in the most blatant way its contempt for student opinion and its in-
difference to good teaching. 

Throughout this process neither 
you, nor your advisors, nor the 
Triton Times have acknowledged 
the essential soundness, or even 
the existence of our old guidelines. 

The episode has illustrated not only the cynicism and twisted 
judgement of the literature department but also the pusillanimity and 
passivity of UCSD students, who have made scarcely any effort to protest 
this willful affront to themselves and to the quality of their education. 

JONA'11IAN SA VILLE 1 
. ) 

Your MBA is 
waiting for you at the 

PaCifica HoteL 
50 of the top graduate schools in the 
country are coming to Culver City. 
They're all going to be staying at the 
same hotel. And they all have MBA 
programs they<l like to show you. 

The 'big occasion is the first West 
Coast Graduate Management Admis-
sion Fair to be held Dec. 2-4 at the 
Pacifica. Admission is free, and the 
Fair is open to the public (that's you). 

So if you'd like to talk to any of the 
schools about your career, programs 
that are available, financial assistance, 
or anything else, feel free to drop by 
anytime during the Fair. 

You probably won't walk away 
with a Masters in Business Adminis-
tration, but it's a start, 

The following is a list of the 
schools that will be in attendance: 
An~GraduateSchl.II.tl Aml~Tu .. ""kSchlll"· S4anfllf1.l Univ. trlNew Muicu 
1_ .... 1 Man"lI,mont 1 Iortl1 • .,lh Tulan< Uni •. ,i N,lI1h Con"'"" 

Atlantlllniv .... y f),I'.,,1 Uniled Stal"" Intl Un,v. UniY. ,i"'"", llomt 
AMf.i P-=iflC Guide',. r.al~ lJmvrNtty Umv ill AriDIM Univ. Ii PinJburwh 

~ Y'"'''K Ind .. ,,,, U .. v."ICahl.""",·llotkri<oy l'niv.,~Sant.oa .. 
CaII(,mb Stale- 1 .A1)"~1 Maryn""11I1 lImy,tlCahflIfTlL, Univ. IIfStlUth CarutiAA 

'A .. A~I<!; Shill S. .... i ·M.I T I". A"~.,"" Univ ,~S.,. C.ld. 
Canqif Me"'", N(" ... · YIO l lf\l\'f1',lty limy IJt..:hicaK'i lIniv .• J Utah 

(;()(;~n: 101.01"'"",,, IIt~h" IImv .~ I>.,~" lI .. v ,~V'lJ1ma 
U'ndlIStat(' NllI1hmp l ll1lv, ltfl~l'''''''' lIulvc,fWaYlInghlO 
tA .umtKa 1I'1h~Mml lIn\\' uf llilWi\1I Vanderbtlt 
("1.L·"If1IUIlI r. ... (;r.t(lu,llt· l'tPJ)fflhnr l 'my .If \11i'"\1 Whartun lfnlY_lIt I',.nn. 
S4ud, "' M .. l"'J(l' lIlt'l)f Or.tl ~I""rt"i POlY lif \ht-hlKJlII W,II;inwUr 

<':. lfne-H SUUdWfll Melh!llh"1 l Imy, 11/ '\t\.t(Ii' Kl"1l1l Y;I~ 
Sponsored by th G.radu3te Mana!! ment Admi ion Council. Fair will be h Id althe Pacifica Hotel 
(formerly the Amencana.ol1 Cent!ocla Ave, near . pulveda Blvd. rij!hloHthe San Diego F~way 
III Culvt'r C,ly. Sehoul represenbllves WLII be availabl (rom 2:00 7:30 p.m. Thursday. De<'. 2, from 

10:00 7:30 p.m on Friday. 0 .3. and (mm 10:003:00 p.m . .,n aturday, Dee. 4. 

Monday, November!!, 1971 

Wbite Wbales 
8Qd 

Ot~er 
M eIl10rabilia 

by 'A18Q Russell 
Dr. Sigfreud lifted his hands to his eyes and tried to ward off the strobe 

light. "I tell you, some of my best frien<bJ friends are freshmen," he 
screamed-

"That's not good enough, Sigfreud," said a cloaked member of the 
inquisitional Academic Senate. "We want to know what you learned," 

Sigfreud sighed. The torture had been going on for a full twenty 
seconds. "All right, I'll teU you. 

"We ~ave all often laughed at freshmen, but we can do so no more," 
stated Slgfreud, 

There was silence in the hall. 
"The freshman is to be pitied, much like Revelle students or alcoholics. 

They are not in control of their actions." 
Sigfreud looked at the many figures around him, allowing a pregnant 

pause to develop as the breeding ground for a poignant delivery. " Fellow 
academia," he said, "being a freshman is a disease." 

Sigfreud raised his hands to quiet the sudden din. " My noted colleague, 
Dr. Schlock,. was wrong ~hen he placed freshmen as a separate species, 
Homo Infenor, and said that they were yet developing into Homo 
Sapiens. No, it is now quite clear that there is such a thing as freshman 
disease. 

"In my la~r~tory I have extensively tested many freshmen , allowing 
me to draw inSightful conclusions . It is rumored that this meeting was 

call~ bec~use several members of the Academic Senate thought little of 
mr. dl~ec~lo~; Let me assure you, they were quite necessary." 

Gwllotme! screamed a female drama professor, involved in knit-
ting . . 

Sigfreud smiled and continued . "First, I had to determine the cause of 
freshman disease, or in the Latin, infantus retardem. I could arrive at no 
other conclusion but that it was a combination of things, including 
notably, Coors beer, calculus, John Denver, and cafeteria food. Adding to 
this ~ot~ey ~ure and other equally disgusting paraphernalia, is the 
association With fellow freshmen , This is the causal force which 
generates an enzyme reaction making for too little acetyl choline 
esterase which in turn stifles the movement of brain cells." 

" Incredible," gasped the assembly as one. 
"Yes, isn't it," said Sigfreud. " Additionally, I have isolated a germ that 

lies dormant in the brains, if you'll excuse the expression, of all fresh-
men, which when activated by the enzyme reaction, causes a mild fonn 
of insanity over a certain period of time." 

"No more than a year?" questioned one professor concernedly. 
Sigfreud looked grave. "For most individuals, yes, but then there are 

those cases such as Donald S_egretti, Carlo Rossi, Paul Saltman, and 
Charo who seem to be permanent retainers of freshman disease. 

"Obviously from this you can see that there are more virulent strains of 
freshman disease. Take the Revelle freshman for example. You can osee 
how the disease takes on a new fonn: masochism. 

"Which leacls us to the overwhelming question, a topic which should 
spur us past our perpetual stumbling block, our misguided hobbyhorse 

" 

"I still wanna know how many fairies dance on the head of a pin," 
shouted a physics professor_ "I wanna know, I wanna know," 

"1 believe at our last meeting we determined the number at 144," said 
Sigfreud, trying to continue_ 

"Gross pig," shouted an irate literature professor. "1 am convinced the 
number is 1765." 

All hell broke out in the hall while 
professors screamed numbers out. 

Dr . Sigfreud ' looked at his 
combination Mi€key Mouse/~piro 

Continued on Page Ii 

WEEKEND 
GUESTS? 

Your fllmily and friends will enjoy 
staying at La Jolla'~ newest 
high-rise resort hotel. 

I rll .. 11 II .. II'S 

Biohazard._ 
containment facility. Henderson 
agreed that experimentation 
utilizing recombinant DNA 
technology would demand rigorous 
testing of the biological waste 
materials, in order to avoid a 
similar VA-type problem . Hen-
derson stated that a panel on 
health monitoring will address this 
important issue of the disposal of 
biohazardous materials, 

Community Input 
The latest developments in 

community involvement include 
the formation of Citizens for Safe 
Research (CSR) and Del Mar City 
Council's interest in the' proposed 
recombination DNA work . 

Henderson believes that groups 
like CSR are "very healthy," and 
he supports the input of the lay 
community. He also supports the 
idea that recombinant DNA 
research is not only a scientific 
issue. 

" I'm delighted to see lay interest 
in academic science," Henderson 
said, and added that he is com-
mitted to the idea of an " informed 
public." 

Coop ... 
and by new guidelines. We want to 
know what Advisory Committee 
guidelines you can cite as reasons 
for the elimination of normal 
Registration Fee support to the 
Communications Board and the 
student media it funds. We also 
want an explanation of your 
rejection of Coop (Budget 
Resource Group) recom-
mendations concerning the 
methods of Program Board and 
Communications Board handling 
of the activity fees they receive 
and the Board's structural 
relations with 1) the Coop budget 
process, our line item decisions, 
and 2) the input of students and our 
organizations (to the Boarcls) , 

We ask you respond publicly, by 
means of open letter in all campus 
newspapers. Until we receive 
adequate answers to our questions, 
we must protest your actions to the 
Chancellor and to the University 
community. STEVE LOPEZ 

Presiding Chalrperson, 
StudentCoopentive Union 

SUSAN KARPINSKI 
Coordinator, 

Student ActivityFee 
Support Group 

You do something nice for your feet 
and Roots will do something nice for 
your ears. Simply try on a pair of Roots 
natural footwear at any of our stores 
and we'll give you this new WOody 
Guthrie LP, (no purchase necessary). 
Quantities are IImlted_ Hurry don't miss It 
Stores open seven days. 
Master Charge. BonlcAmericard, 

Phone Marla. 459-0261 for rille 
In formlltlon and a color 
brochure. 

SUMMER HOUSE 
INN 

LII Jolla Shores Drive 
lit Torrey Pines Road . 

LocatiON: 
10909 K1nroSl ..• Westwood 
Del Amo Fo$hlon Square 
South Coast Ptala 
Northridge fashion Center 
1211 Prospect Str .. t ... La Jolla 

Page 3 

i-TEst--YASY-e-1 
l OURTACOS j 
: BRING THIS: 
: COUPON FOR! 
: YOUR FREE: 
: TACO WITH: 

ANY PURCHASE! 
THROUGH DEC. 31 : 

OLDTOWN 
'r.ABl.Ar.E 
PAIf'rOKY' 

___________________ 1 

ON r .. 'tlOR 

1 , 
1 
1 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

~--------------------------------------~ r----~---------------------, 
I I 
I I 
I ~ I I IIEED MOIIEY? I I WAIT I JOB WITH flEXIBLE HOURS? I 
, "BE A BARTEIiDER" I 
I Learn a new, exciting career that pays well and can be I 
I used while going to college. Morning, afternoon and I 
I evening classes available to fit your schedule. I 
I . Make a call Co change your life. I 
I Call "Steve" or "Wayne" Hours 9 a.m. Co 10 p.m. I 
I 238-9333 I 
I American Bartenders School I 1359: 7Ch Ave San Diego CA. 92101 I ~ __________________________ t 
~ •••••••••• + •• + ••••••• +~ •• ++ •• i . FOURTIt CollEGE : 
: STudENT GOVERNMENT : 
: CANdidATE ElECTiON : 
.. . 
: NOVEMbER 22 ANd 2J : 
,. . 
: liST of CANdidATES : 
t ; 
* CAREERlUFE PLANNiNG BOARd • 
,. F.eshman Rep !volO IOf one l Isaac K. Huang • 
.. G.eg Bakor Kenti. S Nicoll • 
.. SophomOfo Ivolo IOf one l Senior Rep Ivole to.onol • 
.. Margo Chaney CheryISom"",ill. • 
.. Junlo. R8P ,votolo.onoJ ~ 
.. .~ 

.. Commurer I'GI'd Ezecutire Board Judicia' Board : 

.. . 

.. !volo IOf IiYo l {VOIO lor Iwol IVOle IOf 10urJ • 

.. Ellen Glucltsman O.vld Orehmol St.",," B.eckle. ~ 

.. Amy Hall Scoll French Barry Hyman 't 

.... Merle Kembl. Jonet Grossman Becky Ku.land '?' 
~ Derek HoIzl K .. on Mlynskl • 
.. Jeffrey Md. Jeff Puchalski • 
.. Bob SImon Jerry Scradskl • 
.. Pete. Slone Burt ToII""a.. . 
.. Scolly Wu Slevon Walk.. •• 
.. . 
.. ~ 
.. Program Board : 
.. Mallhews Clmpus Rep !vol. lo,'wol Mesa Apartments Rep Ivololoo oneJ ~ 
,. Rich Bermudez Krlslln ~m Meredith . '?' 
.... Kllhy Cllri< Commular Rop !volO to. two] • ~ Dave Howilins J_ B ItA ~ 

~ Scoll Thoma. Rolle" [ ....... " ~ 
::: James V .. Vooren BrI .. Ko_ • * R_II.CampusReplvol.'oronel • 
,. : 
,. EDNA -10AM-2pM RE\lt:Ut: PluA 10AM-2p'" • 
: FOURTh PROVOST'S OffiCE 10AM-4 J()pM : 
: MATThEWS CAfETERiA-LuNCIt6DiNNo : 

~ information on c_dat.s .,ai,.... at YOtilf ''''.s ~ 
*****************************~ 



10am-2pm - at EDNA and Revelle Plaza, lunch at Matthews. Fourth College Student 
Govenunent -Candidate Elections. Need 1.0. to vote. 

l0am-4:3Opm - at 30Z Me, dinner in the cafeteria. Fourth College Student Government-
Candidate Elections. Need 1.0. to vote. 

"OIusloasin the Gallery," Mandeville Art Gallery. Exhibition of paintings by New York 
artist, Alan Turner and a gallery installation of the film, "Swimmer," by Bill Lundberg. 
Gallery hours are noon to 5 p.m. Sun. through Fri. Free. 

12 noon-2pm - Last opportunity to RSVP and pay in advance for UCSD Horseback Riding 
Club members for night beach ride (Nov. 29). Room 200, Rec. Gym Office. $4 for ride. 

Noon 12-1 pm - Coaditioniag. Wrestling Room. 
12-4pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Chem. Clinic. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Biological 

Sciences. 410 HL (basement). 
1:30 pm - Dissertation Defense, room 2102 Urey Hall, Revelle. Charles A. Jacks will 

discuss, "The Dynamics el Outer-Sphere Redox Reactions Involving Transition Metal 
Complexes and Metalloproteins. It 

3 pm - APIS Seminar on Space Researcb and the New Astropbyslcs, room 2333 H&SS 
Bldg., Muir. Dr. Hannes Alfven, "Big Bang and the Cosmic Microwave Radiation." 

3 pm - Meeting. Revelle RHB (Residence Hall Board). Community Center Conference 
Room. 

3-0 pm - Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
4 pm-Meeting. RPB (Revelle Program Board ). 
4 pm - Solid Mechanics and Structures Seminar, room 7104 Urey Hall , Revelle . Dr. 

Gerald A. Frazier, "Finite Element Modeling of Earthquake Repture and Near-Field 
Ground Motion." 

4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 
4 pm - Theoretical SoUd State Physics Seminar, room 1110 P&L Bldg., Muir. Dr. D.L. 

Mills, UC Irvine, " Behavior of Spins at the Surface of a Heisenberg Magnet. " 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information , and appointments. Rap session at 

7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. 
5-6 pm - Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room. 
5-6 pm - Aikido. East Conf. Room Student Center. 8-9 : 30 pm Wrestling Room. 
5 pm - CPB Pop Events Subcommittee meeting. Vice Chancellors Conference Room, 

Bldg. "B", Student Center Complex. 
5 pm - Student Center Board Meeting. Student Center. 
5-7 pm - Belly Dance. North Balcony. 
6-9 pm - Snow Ski Club. H&SS 1330 (Crested Butte and Mammoth Reservations) 
6-7 pm - Horseback Riding. Rec. Gym Conference Room. 
6:30 pm - Student Cooperative meeting. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
7-9 pm - Black Science Student Organization. Purpose to discuss future direction of the 

club. 2113 AP&M. 
7 pm - " Molecular Genetic Engineering: Safeguards and Potential Benefits." Casa Real, 

San Diego State University. Dr. Don Helinski, UCSD Biology, will discuss some of the future 
benefits and the safegards purposed at last years workshop on recombinant DNA. SDSU 
Casa Real. Free. 

7:30 pm - Advanced meeting for all Transcendental Meditators: " Enlightenment-
Evolution from the 6th to the 7th state of consciousness. Revelle Formal Lounge. 

7 :3()-1l pm - Chess Club Meets. All are welcome. Revelle Coffee Shop. 
8 pm - 10:30 pm - Israeli Folk Dancing: Margo Simon will review from 8-9; dances by 

request from 9-10 :30; refreshments served. Rec. Gym Conf Room. Free. 
8 pm - " Grand Concert", UCSD Concert Choir-Program of campa ign songs spanning the 

last 100 years. Slide show, theatrical effects, audience participation (changed from Nov. 
24). Mandeville Auditorium. Free. 

8 pm - Chilean Music and Folk Dance, Student Center. Members of the Chilean com-
munity at UCSD will share their country's songs and dances. Free. 

9:15 pm - Monday Nite Films. " The Power", a science fiction classic. Muir 5 & Dime. 
Free. 

by Dr. Liiile man 

We would like to take this op-
portunity to thank all the staff and 
faculty who have been besieged by 
our never-ending quest for the an-
swers to your questions. How-
ever, so as not to spoil the image 
most students seem to have of staff 
and faculty, we won 't single anyone 
out in particular , but merely say 
thank you. We also thank those 
students without whose questions 
this column could never have been 
possible. Keep bringing them in. 

Dear Doc: Is Roger Revelle his 
real name? 

Yes. 

Dear Doc: What bas bappened to 
the cute bunnies hopping around 
Matthews late at nlgbt? There don't 
eem to be as many anymore. 
The bunnies are still around, they 

just haven't adjusted to going off 
Daylight Savings Time yet. We 
found plenty of them hopping around 
the Veterans Hospital Friday morn-
ing at about 4. 

In the iall the bunnies behave in a very similar manner to college students. They 
spend a IJt of time in their warrens getting to know other rabbi ts of the opposite sex. 
Accordin 1 to a rabbit spokesanimal, Fiver, the rabbits also don't need to be out as 
much sc~ v~ging for food . " Used to be," he said, "we had to spend many hours looking 
for food. Now, with students littering so much, there is a good deal of food for us just 
lying arolrxl . We thank you." 

Dear Voc: Was there a fire in the Third College Chemi try Research Building 
'ometime around Nov. 4? II so, what happened? 

First, we would like to set aside the rumors that a deranged chemistry student was 
trying to create Hfe inside Paul Saltman, fa iled, and then set his collection of unof-
ficial transcr ipts on fire. That simply is not what happened. Nei ther is it true that any 
departments, in anticipation of a visit from the auditor, tried to de troy the separate 
s t of books. Those books are still in their proper place behind the office water cooler. 

What actually happened was that some of the students sta rted playing with 
something they did not understand-electricity. An lectric motor overhea ted and 

Moaday, 

Tuesday 
8: 30 am - Meeting. RCCA (Revelle Committee on College Affairs). 
10am-2pm - at EDNA and Revelle Plaza, lunch at Matthews. Fourth College 

Government -Candidate Elections. Need 1.0. to vote. 
10am-4:3Opm - at 302 MC, dinner in cafeteria. Fourth College Student Government · 

Candidate Elections. Need 1.0 . to vote. 
11 :~1 : 3O pm - Amnesty International: Table with petition and information on Prisoners 

of Conscience in Indonesia. Revelle Plaza. 
Noon 12-1 pm - Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
12 noon - Noon Concert with "Impulse" jazz group. Lower Muir Commons. 
12-4pm and 6-9pm - OASIS Bi~hem. Clinic. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Biological 

Sciences. 410 HL (basement). ' 
2:30 pm - Solid State Pbysics Seminar, room 3213 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. Harry Suh! and 

Timothy Knowles, " Effective Potential for Calculation of the Sticking Coefficient on Sur· 
faces . " 

3 pm - Probilbility and Statistics Seminar, room 7421 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Prof. C. Stone, 
UCLA, " Consistent Non-parametric Regression." 

3 pm - Lecture, room 103 Mandevi11e Center. Arturo Schwartz, author, critic and director 
of Milan's leading art gallery, will discuss, "The Art and Thought of Marcel Duchamp." 
Free. 

3-5 pm - Vocational Counseling Sessions. For students concerned about their occupati[ ) 
or vocational futures . Also, for students concerned or confused about their major. Adva~_' 
appointments required. Call 3755 or 3490 for appointment. Robert Kavanaugh, Ph.D. leader. 
Revelle Counselor's Office. 

3: 30 pm - Arcbery. Room 20, Rec. Gym. 
4 pm - Calpirg Meeting. Student Organizations Building. 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 
4:30 pm - Dr. W. Scharloo, Vakgroep Populatie en Evolutie Biologie, Rijksunivel'siteit 

utrecht, The Netherlands: Functional Aspects of Enzyme Polymorphism. Host : Dr. 
Christopher Wills. Room 1103 Muir 2B. Department of Biology Seminar. 

4 : 3~ : 3Opm - Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
5-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, and appointments. Rap session at 

7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. 
6-7 :30 pm - Students Active Towards Community Health weekly meeting. Come and say 

Hello, participate and possibly become an active member. Revelle Informal Uiunge. 
6-7 :30pm-OutingClub. Rec. Conf. Room. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. All are welcome. Revelle Informal 

Lounge. 
7pm-10pm - Balkan Folk Dancing: 7~ beginners, 8-8:30 intermediate, 8:30-10 dances by 

request . Please note new location: USB 3010. 25 cents students/SO cents non-students. 
7 pm - Book of Mormon Institute Class and L.D.S. Club meeting. The spirit is there, yoo 

can be, too ... everyone is welcome. Info 453-8846. Location; 9527 La Jolla Farms Rd:, little 
white house across the street from Tioga Hall. 

7:30 pm - Communications Lecture Series, room 107 Third College Lecture Hall. 'Author 
and lecturer Gene Youngblood, "The Video Revolution : Self-Observing Systems." 

7: 30 pm - Bah'a'i Fireside-You can meet some fun and interesting people and find out 
about the Bah'a 'i Faith, too, at the Fireside in the Student Center Lounge. Everyone is 
welcome. Student Center Lounge. 

7:3()-10 pm - Balkan Folk Dancing: Please note new starting time: beginners 7:30-8:30; 
intermediate 8:3()-9; dances by request 9-10. USB 3010. 25 cents students/SO cents non-
students . 

started smoking. When this flagrant violation of university regulations occurred, the 
campus police were cailed in. They in turn put the San Diego SWAT Squad on ready 
alert. 

Acting with their usual cool and insightful judgement to which we students have 
become accustomed, the campus police unplugged the motor and thereby stopped the 
smoking. According to the 25 page report on the incident, there was no appreciable 
damage. 

Dear Doc: On Friday Nov. 5, several administrative offices [Including the cashier's 
office 1 took extended lunch breaks due to a student organizations canlval. Were 
these administrators being paid duriog the time tbey were at&ending tbe carnival? 

The quick answer is yes; all staff employees were granted administrative leave I 
with pay. However, your question seems to imply another one-When is ad-
ministrative leave with pay granted? 

According to the Policy and Procedure Manual, Staff Personnel Policy 425 
"provides for administrative leave with pay for certain events and activities." 
Employees may be granted time off for jury duty or to attend administrative or legal 
proceedings where the employee is either appearing on behalf of the University ; the 
employee is subpoenaed; or the employee is a party or an expert witness. 

In addition, time off with pay is granted so an employee may exercise voting 
privileges, donate blood, or when a public emergency arises. Fina)]y, and this is the 
section that applies to the carnival attendance, time elf with pay is granted so the 
employee may attend University functions as designated by the (UC) President of the 
Chancellor. 

Chancellor McElroy issued a letter to all employees encolD'aging them to par-
ticipate in the carnival. He designated the function a University function and granted 
an extended lunch break so that they could attend. 

triton times 
. .' 

PageS 

8 pm - Chamber Coacert, with UCSD Chamber Ensembles. UCSD Music Department. 
Mandeville Center. Recital Ha II. Free. 

8 pm - Class-Judaism. All welcome. Gameroom Conf. Room, Student Center. Free. 
9pm- EntertalnmcnlNlght in the5& Dime: John and Bruce. Muir5& Dime. 
9 pm - Animated fUm' night at the Side Door as part of an ongoing Tuesday night film 
c~es free for UCSD students. Side Door. Free. 

Wednesday 
10am-2pm - LOS Club Bake Sale on Revelle. ACE Homemade Munchies. 
12 noon - China after Mao: What do the purges mean ? Speaker Theodore Edwards, a 

noted expert on Chinese affairs will analyze the current events in China . Student Center, 
Building C. 

12 noon - Lunchtime concerts coordinated by Tamas Ungar. UCSD Bass Ensemble with 
Bert Turetzky. Bring your lunch! ! Mandeville Recital Hall. Free. 

12 noon - AMES 205, Semmar No.5, Film Series, " Fluid Flow in Hydraulic Systems". 7104 
Urey Hall. Free. Open to general public. 

12-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling, information, appointments, call 452-2669 or 
rr p by. Student Health. 
\ " t-4 pm and 6-9pm - OASIS Bi&-Cbem. Clinic. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Biological 
Sciences. 410 HL (basement). 

12 noon - Rape Task Force meeting. Women's Center, Student Center. 
oon 12-1 pm - Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 

12:3()-2:3O pm - Sex alnic. For students seeking information or counse ling about human 
sexual functioning. Hugh Pates, Laurie Kuhn, Dalynn Proffitt leaders. Revelle Counselor's 
Office (nexttothe Provost's Office). 

1·2 pm - Folk Dance. Rec. Conf. Room. 
1·3 pm -Colloquium· "The Consociational Democracy Model in the Third World". By: Dr. 

Arend Lijphart, Department of Political Science , University of Leiden. ReveUe Informal 
Lounge. Free. 

3-6 pm - Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
4·5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 
4 pm - Physics Department Colloquium, room 2622 USB , Revelle . Dr. Y. C. Yung, 

"Physics of Blood Flow." 
4 : 3~ : 3O pm- Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
5 pm - Dance Drill Team. Rec. Conf. Room. 
5-6 pm - Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room. 
6·9 pm - Surf Club. H&SS 2305. 
6·9 pm - Ballroom Dance Club. Sign-ups for pot-luck dinner for next Wednesday 0 1' sign-up 

tobring food in the Rec. Gym office. Rec. Gym Conference Room. 
6·7:30 pm - Belly Dance. Student Center. 

7-ll:3O-pm~ Judo. Wrestii.'lg Room. 
7:30 pm - Trident Cbristlan Fellowsblp MeetiDg. Revelle Formal Lounge. 
8 pm - Everywhere serious problems exist due to the breakdown of the fam ily unit. J ust 

how importantis the family? Find out on Channel 8 Wednesday night at8 pm. 
9 pm - Hootenanny - open to all to perfonn and listen. Muir 5 & Dime. 
9pm-lam - Dance!! "Jive Turkey Gig!" sponsored by Asian-American Student Alliance. 

2 ba nds : Devotion and City Limits; also disco during band breaks, turkey give away, and 
possible guest KGB chicken. Revelle Cafeteria. $2.75 at UCSD box office or at door. 

Doc: We are four attracUve and channing seniors who live off-eampul. It bas 
experience at UCSD that men rarely ask women out on date •. We'd like to 
litis is true, but U you dOD't bave a reasonable explanation, please urge your 
be a little less sby. Time's running out. 

than just give you the answer to yO\1l" question, we are going to ask our 
(both of you) to send in their answers to this omnipresent problem. Also, we 
you send us pictures of you and your three friends so we can make better 

of your problem. 
Is Dr. Saville bad.? If so, is be going to be teacbing any classes this 

so, what are they? If not, wby? 
Dave and his Chipmunks will be perfonning their famous harmonica 

"""='UilY in the plaza. Ob, we're sorry-wrong Mr. Saville. You mean Dr. 
, famed Hwnanities and Literature professor at UCSD. Dr. Saville 

on sabbatical for both the faU and winter quarters, but will be returning in 
The classes have not yet been designated, so it's anyone's guess what he 

. Whatever it is, it's almost guaranteed to be interesting and 
So long Alvin. 

Doc : Who Is that beautiful blonde tbat works In the Humanities Ubrary? Is 
liable? Signed, A lOngiDg Male. 

, you have not given us an adequate description to go on. In resear-
question, we found several beautiful blondes at the Cluster Undergraduate 

of our investigators found the head librarian to be a blonde, and quite 
However, our other investigative reporter found some blondes of the 

to be quite appealing. We suggesst that while you found one lady to be 
. that there are several and no special mentioning of one is needed. A 

. why don't you find out for yourself if the lady Is available? ... . 
Doc: Why Is the turkey the alllll181 Thanksgiving Day meal for bundreds of 

famU1es? _ 
Pilgrims found these plump little birds running around their new found land in 
abUndance. Being very future oriented, they felt that since an abundance 

~n it would also exist years later. Many families find their taste buds favor 
lie, and chicken, among many other varieties of main courses. According to 
~he turkeys we spoke with,he said he favored any, and all, other courses. To 
lm, "I'm not prejudiced. Any other beef, fish, or other kind of meal is 

. Whatever your meal consists of this Thanksgiving, we hope you have a 

we give yoo our thought of the week, we offer a parable for our readers to 
upon : 

was approached by another man who asked him for a contribution to the 
rich man refused. "They are nothing but lazy loafers! Their poverty is their 

ult!" The other man said, "Come to the window. Look out. What do you see?" 
- people," said the rich man. "Now look into that mirror," said the other. 

t do you see?" "Why, myself." "Isn't it astonishing," sighed the wiser man, 
when you cover a clear glasa with a IitUe silver, you see onlyyoursclf?" 

S wee k, WE ask a question-How can there be any ,In In Incere? Dr. Uttleman 

Photo B,II Brool<s 

Thursday 
Thanksgiving Day. Academic and Administrative Holiday. 
9pm-midnight - Game Night- Come and play your favo rite game. Muir 5 & Dime. 

Friday 
Academic and Administrative Holiday. 
6 pm - Varsity Basketball, Main Gym. UCSD Invitational (USIU, Hastings and Cal 

Lutheran). 
8-11 pm - International Folk Dancing: Instruction from 8-9 with dances by request 9-11; 

the entire campus community is invited. A PM 2402. 25 cents students, SO cents non-students. 

Saturday 
5: 30 pm - Catholic mass. University Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
B pm - Varsity Basketball, Main Gym. UCSD Inv itational (USIU. Hastings and Cal 

Lutheran). 

Sunday 
8.30 am - Catholic mass. University Community Church, 95951 .. J olla Shores Dr . 
12:03 pm - Episcopal rvice. Univer ity ommunit hurch. 
5 pm - alholic mass. University Community Church, 9595 r.a Jolla Shol'es Dr. 
7 pm - Women's ~IUCUS of student Cooperative Union. Student rllanization oofer nce 

Room. 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge - free bridge gam - open to e er one. ev lie ' !I'th Dining 

Ha ll. Free. 
7-10:30 pm - Film . "Lovers and Oth r trangers" and "Strawberry Statement". Mat-

thews Cafeteria. $1.00 for tud nts, $l .SO genera 1 achnis~ion. 



White Whales ... 
Agnew watch, and decided to leave 
the hall, in the midst of chaos, 
professors' pounding their shoes on 
tables and each other's heads. Fist 
and food fights were erupting all 
around. 

One man grasped Sigfreud 
before we left. "Tell me, doctor," 
he said. "Do you think it is possible 
that freshman diseaSe might be 
contagious even to those long past 
the primordial state?" 

"Don't know, brother," an-
swered Sigfreud, shedding his 
jacket and revealing an 'I Amazing 
Spiderman" T-shirt. "Like I gotta 
make tracks. There's a party this 
weekend. If you'll excuse me-,:~ _ 
~~~~~~~~~~ 
Free Spaghetti Dinner 

Falcone's Restaurant 
Real Italian Food 

5518 La Jolla Blyd. La Jolla 454-6421 Limit of one 
Open Daily 4-10 except Sunda, per family 

triton time8 

1 
UCSD's women's swim leam 
lIeeded all of Sheila Bronson's 
winning' diving points in its 67·66 
victory over Pomona·Pitzer last 
Friday. [TT photo: Bill Brooks) 

MODday, NovemberZl,1f71 

offENSivE 
Scott Sadil 

Plastic Sport 
Layne Oaks and his skateboard are flashing through a series of 

freestyle tricks and turns that has the surrounding spectators oohing all ')) 
aahing and clapping and digging it. 

Oaks does a Walk-the-Dog-kick·flip-toe-spin-Space-Walk-360-720-1080-
around-and-around-and-oohwee-baby combination that the crowd loves. 

"Do it, Layne!" 
" Oww! Oww!" 
"UNREAL!" 
Which is the kind of response that skateboarding generates these days . 

••••• 
Skateboarding is experiencing a boom similar to the explosion that big-

cousin surfing went through in the early GO's. Like surfing, skateboarding 
has made the Big Time because of recent developments in equipment 
materials and design. The advent of urathane wheels and fiberglass 
boards has done the same thing for skateboarding that the introduction of 
polyurathane foam and fiberglass cloth did for surfing. In both sports, 
these developments made possible completely new ways of riding a 
board. New styles, new tricks, new places to take the vehicle came about. 

It is all a matter of plastics. 

__ ~ __ ~~ Field Hockey 

~ ~~ ~:n\~n~e 
Last Saturday the UCSD Surf Club held its First Annual Skateboard 

Championships. A couple dozen contestants competed in downhill, 
freestyle, and slalom events. ) ) 

It was,like, wow, man, very hot. 
••••• 

r i9 Afle< its )oog'" unbe., .. ,tring ~. of the season, the UCSD field 
Steve Luck has one foot on his coo-sturn deluxe hold-on-tight-

everything-will-be-all-right downhill-racer skateboard. The board is 
made out of a no-flex rocket-shaped hardwoo.d plank that is covered with 
strips of nO:slip sure-grip lough-and-rough composition paper which has 
two precision-tight racing trucks holding four day-glo burnt-orange 
wider-than-round urathane wheels mounted to it. 

Luck's other foot rocks on the ground to the high-frequency sound· 
BEEP! - of the electronic timer with the automatic digital readout that 
has to show, for Luck to win this race, a time of about seventeen seconds · 
BEEP! - when and if Luck makes it to the bottom of the steep hazardous 
service road north of the Central Library that threatens to turn the body 
of any skateboarder that challenges it into a patch of overripe 
strawberries. - BEEP! - Luck is wearing kneepads, elbow pads, leather 
gloves, and a plastic helmet for whatever they might be worth if he 
happens to kiss the cement curb going 30 MPH. - BEEP! - But he is not 
worried about falling now because the start of a downhill race is critical 
and - BUHP! - he shoves off into a one-legged run, driving with his free 
foot, picking up speed, then shifts his weight forward over the front 
wheel, does a couple of giddy-up body twitches, and settles into 'a position-
of-least-air-resistance tube-tuck. 

V.i . .... ReUeno 
~~.~~nchilada $199 

Offers good Mon .. Tues. Wed 
W ith this Ad 

• Taco 
• Tamale 

Offer expires Dec 31 . 1976 Include rice . torti llas. butter 

Take bus "3D o r "34 15 min to our door 
459·2575 

5752 L a Jolla Blvd . (Bird Rock) 

WARNING: 
The IvoryTower 

is about to 
collapse. 

It's your last year of college_ Why think 
about life insurance now? Because, the 
older you get the mor:e it costs. And next 
year, it'~ all up to you. find out 
about CollegeMaster. 

"all th~ Fidelit~ U niunl'ulleg~Mast~r® 
Field Assuciat~ in yuur area: 

Col 

! ~ I" """'tntt u",. IJrn l ' 
Sml-: L \ 
1 '~ .. lIil B" 'II I! 

.!71) .,NUII 

(0) 

hockey team closed its season 
Thursday, losing to Palomar JC, 1-
O. 

Coming into the game the 
Tritons had earned two draws and 
a victory in their last three mat-
ches. Despite continuing to play its 
best hockey of the season, UCSD 
was unable to upset its strong 
visiting opponents. 

Palomar scored in the first half, 
working the ball to both wings and 
down the field in its scoring drive. 

UCSD played the ball too much 
down the center of the field and 
thus were easily defensed. 

In the second half Palomar 
controlled the ball for most of the 
period. The Tritons' only scoring 
chances came on a few breakaway 
runs. 

Although UCSD finished in the 
bottom half of the division stan-
dings, the team's strong finish 
proved that they were competitive 
with the rest of the league. 

triton times 
David Elsen · Executive editor 

James G. Soto· Advertis ing Manager 

It all looks a lot like ski jumping without any air time. 
In a rush and a sign, Luck's run is over. His time: 16.736 seconds. 
The winner .. . 

• •••• 

Stakeboarding is operating at that level of inclusive intensity so 
common in young people's cultic sports. 

If you are into It, you watch It and talk It and do It full-on all the time. 
And if you do not enjoy the riding, the lingo, the pictures, the blonde hair, 
and the latest equipment designs it's like, well, " Later on, chump, I put 
these really fine new wheels on my board so gotta go see how they work." 

••••• 

The slalom was the final event of the competition. While freestyle 
skateboarding is very tricky and artsy, and the downhill is fast and 
ballsy, the slalom combines all of these ingredients into one every 
ultimate-wow event. 

The slalom is fast, not flat-out fast, but, instead, quick·fast, as the rider 
must pump his board around the plastic cones that make up the course. 
But style is also very evident as each rider has his or her own turning-
weaving, left-right, back-and-forth, whoosh-whoosh, method for working 
through the course. 

Division winners Steve Bernstein, Luck; and Oaks each won with a 
distinctive style. Their link was the medium plastic. 

It's more than kid's stuff. 

Sunday and Monday 
FREE Admission 
All Night 

Monday 
Beer Belly 

Wednesday 
TIJaana .anler 

Special 
Pitcher: $1 .05 
Gloss: 30C 
Tuesday 
Wide-Open Well 
All Well Drinks 
All Night: 6S¢ 

Tequila Shots: SS¢ 
Margarltas: SS¢ 

Thursday 
Student Nt,h. 

Frl!t! Admluton 
AIiStucioent. 

Dand .... Spirit., CaDles and Crub 
Free Adnission Thurs With Vail Student 10 

OPENI 11 a .m . )0 1:30 a m . Everyday 
Q45 Garnet Avenue 

MODday, November zz, 1171 I rllu.1I hill'S Page 1 

r TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads I Ski Gub Meeting Tonight 
6pm - HSS 1330 

PERSONAls 
want to find out what it Is? Call 292·8000. It 
yoU're afraid your roommmate will hear 'iOU. 
use a payphOne . (11122) 

Coast cruise to the 19th century & the beach . 
Fine books bought & sold Ex Llbrl. 
Bookstore In Solana Beach 755·7323. 

( • stop smoking clinic Is looking tor 
'p.$Ie who realty want to qun. Call 452·3003 
MWF noon-5:oo or 755-41601 27!Hl722 eves. 
0( wri te Dept . of Phsych. C·OO9 lnclude name 
& phOne • . You can stop 'moking forever. 

Wanted: gentle male to comfort trustrated 
female surter . Sex wax provided. Call 453· 
2868 and ask for Dawn. 

Happy 19th Mike Busklrkl No longer a baby l 
GOOd luck on growing a mustache ! Love 
Youl Your Harem 

Mad dog loose?! Wilt the owner of small grey 
dog named : Zephyr , please call 454-6508 
I/tctim needs info , 

Chickenshlt • can't you take eight straight? 
Jusl wait WN 

JliRLK. Because you pursued Ihls ad so 
'- ~SIVIY. not patiently. here itisUOM SOc . 

lIousiNG 
Male needed to share 2 bdrm apt at Del Mar 
Beach Clu b. Starts winter Quarter. 755·6914 
(11 124) 
Altn ' Do you need 00 campus housing for 
Wntr·Spr . quarters? Call 453·7407 ask for 
Fred & make S10 Drms. Mesa·s. lit 129) 
I MUST BREAI( MY MESA APT CONTRACT! 
Need M or F to take my contract. Please 
COniact Alicia 453·7020 · 463·3847 (11124) 
1 F to share rm In 3 bdrm hse in Del Mar. 112 
blk 10 beach starts wnter qtr. Furn. $90 9 1/4 
utit.. non·smoker 755-3218 (111 22) 

F rmt wanted own rm one rmt on beach 
tennis cts, jacuzzi, sauna , pools. OM Beach 
Club. call 481·8377, 

Female roomate wanted to share Del Mar 
condo. 2 bedroom 1 bath. 5 min . to beach 10 
min . to UCSD. Clean. new. private pallO 
pool , garage . Completely furnished . $150 
mo 481-8979 - 756·2281 . (121 t) 

Roommate wanted starting In December, 567 
a monlh. 1 mile from school apt. wi pool 
great location 452·9461 . 

- FOR SAlE 
'73 Chev Vega Station Wagon . 27 mpg & roof 
rack. optional stereo, only $1030. 755-0816 or 
565-3957 Rob (11122) 

'65 Ford. CUStom radial tire8, 70,000 miles, 
excellent condition , S8OOlollor. Student 
must sell 45~0979 (11122) 
Aluminum tank. Make offer . Call : 753-2768 
(111291 
Guitar: Jurtlan steel string acoustic. $250 or 
Ira<le. Has 3-piece rosewood . peart Inlay, 
great tone! 753-8109 (22124) 
Hondas: I stili have my 73 CL350 & my 64 305 
Scrambler. Both run well. $350 or best offer 
$5Oor besl. 299-8957 (11 129) 

Yamaha 125 Enduro exceUent condo $300 or 
oilers. Also need a ride East Martha S . 11582· 
'94 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

MCaT Over 35 y •• rs "I of ."I*i ...... DAT .ncIlU_ 
I ., aT Small CI_ 
LGIII Voluminous hom. BRE .udy met.,i.ls 
.~"B Cour_ thet .... ft, a.-J co .... ntly upcl., .. 

DCAT 
CPAT 

T epe fecllitiea for 
rwwlews of cl_ 
'-ns end tor u. 
of .. ...-tery __ ;.,s 

FlEX Meke-upa fe. lECF11G "' .... '-na ~ Jun.EDBDS 
I SAT-VAT 

.SAN OIEGO CENTER 
2180 a.met. Peclfle .... 82101 

Phon. ' 714 .21O.88IJ 
=tM.1 . . 

' DUCAT ... " f .. 
Ce",TER ~ 

Br.nc .... in ",""r us citl .. 
8nd Switzerl.nd 

Good Deal! One otd CB radio . Possible 23 
chan nets. With power adapter. Ask $25.00. 
Call eves 45 2·04t 5 e. 

Hlklng lcllmlnng boots. Vasque. size 9 112. 
Good condo Cost 560. sell for $35. Call 272· 
9(79111 124) 

Beautilul Appalachian Dulcimer completely 
hand·crafted In spruce & walnut. $70 Jim 
452·38601755-0936. 

Mad dog loose?! Will the owner of small grey 
dog named: Zephyr. please call 454-65re. 
Victim needs Info. 

2 Shure mikes never used $50 each . 487·7368 
(11124) 

Fender Jaquar electric guitar sunburst finish 
good condo $100. Hard case $SO Jim 452· 
3860 1755-0936 . 

100 ml on Windsor Pro. 23" bicycle . Com-
ptetely camagnolo oqu. $625 new, selt for 
$275. Jim : 436·23011452·2937 . 

KASTINGER Wortd Cups sz . 11 Brand New t 
paid $105 . You pay? Atso 200 cm Dynamic 70 
hl·perf. GS skis 455-t 317. 

Honda t975 CL360 only 1500 mi 5 mo . old 
runs·looks perfect economical. Call Todd 
453-8930. 

69 Ford van rblt engn 5000 mi. calpl. fibrglas 
insul . panld. dependable 236·2207 day 466-
7204 eve (1 1 129) 
1975 Vega Hatchback auto. trans. Oversize 
radiator. Undercoating . radio . heater. less 
than 24.000 miles l ·owner. asking $1900 
(less than low bOOk) call Carl . 755-5713. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
"The Video Revolution: self-observing 
sys tems." Author·lecturer Gene Youngblood 
will discuss mass communications . Tue . 
Nov. 23TLH 107. 

WANTEd 
Top Dollar pa id for U.S. Sltver coins minted 
before 1965. Also 'buying old U.S. coins . Call 
Ken 755·7371 (1216) 
We are a publishing firm looking for good 
lyplsts to tra in as typesetters. tf you can type 
45 w.p.m. are accurate, and can take flexible 
hours , you may fit the bill. Call 436-3747. 
(1215) 

UCSD stop smoking clinic is looking for 
people who reallY want to quit. Call 452·3003, 
days or 755· 41601270-6722 eves. or write clo 
Dept of Psych . include name and phone 
number. You can stop forever! (1216) 
Mad dog toose?! Wi ll the owner of small grey 
dog named: Zephyr, please call 454-6508 
victim needs Into . 

Homegrown I or II will pay for copies In 009d 
condition . Rick 453-6785. 

Females wanted: $400 If accepted . Product 
advertising modelling for national com· 
panles . All SfZ88 270~42ext . 54 (11 129) 

LNR research group needs someone skltled 
in working with electronic Circuits for part 
time Job In taboratory . Good opportunity to 
learn more about electronics and cOrTljluters. 
Appty for job t t57 at Student Employment 
office. 210 Me. 

2 50 calibre machine gun witrlpods. xtra 
barrets and ammo for revotutlon . Call Bi ll 
453-7796 anytime. 

TRAVFI 
Full Service Travel Agency. All carriers In-
cluding chartersl American Youth Hostel 
card. available. Call Beryel or Sam at TMT 
452· 1981 . NO SERVICE CHARGE ! (1216) 

EUROPE. ISRAEL. AFRtCA 
Student Charter flights yr . round . tSCA 1609 
Westwood Blvd . .103 L.A. 90024 2131 B2&-
5669 (12/6) 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUS! New York & 
Europe flights . PSA reservations CIEE 
Student Travel Services, open Mon .• Wed .. 
Fri. 12·4 pm. Call 452-0630 (1216) 
SKI·SKI·SKt·SKt·SKI Join the UCSD Ski Club 
for a 7 day Skl·fes t In Crested Butte, 
Colorado Dec . 11·18. $159 Inctudes trans· 
portatlon . IllIs, lodging and all the fun you 
can handle . For Info . contact Renee. Call ext. 
4038. (1216) 
SKIERS. Part y ou t at Park City th is Xmas . 
We have rented a 4 bedroom house which 
sleeps 12 for Dec . 11th thru 17th. Aboul540 
for 7 nights lodging . Call 453·3115 . 

SERViCES 
Zen Siltings 12.10 M·F. Mandeville B13O. For 
In fo call Larry at 453-8018 (11 129) 
Found·keys on ring pick up at Triton Times 
office. 
Typing lor business or school. Atso edit ing 
layout design . Reasonable hrty rates. Nora 
298-3528(1211) 
Tune Up . Discount prices . all work 
quaran l eed . Call for a free 
diagnosis lestimate (aller 5 pm.) 453-9153 
(11 129) 
Seminar on loneliness . 3 Mon . evening 
sess ions. Begins Dec. 2. To enroll . call D. 
Holden 272·6124. 
Class ical guitar lessons . technique. pieces 
Segovia method beginners welcome 
reasonable 454·1 736. 
Sex & the Pinball Machine: Lesson 5-How 
Many Balls do you have lell? Written by 
F.B.G. & E.C. 
Clown classes! Mime, makeup . magic. 
puppetry , fun ! Reasonable rates . Adu ilS & 
chitdren. 
Typing: IBM Correcting Selectric II. Thesis, 
lermpapers. etc . Call 452·1 588 after 5:00 
11215) 
Honda owners. Tired of shop hassles? For 
service & repair. res . rates · work guar. Chris. 
Call 468·2988. 

LOST ANd FouNd 
Lost · Corvus catcutator tost near USB 2722 
on Nov. 11 . Call 452·9441 ask for Calhy or 
Cindy. 

LoSl near Muir Nov. 19 O.K . BROWN 
WALLET. Call 453-81 23 ask for Doug . 

SlUA3fJat 
6 doy& $200 

WiMfet &mit 
Indudes: Lift Ticket, Lodging, 

Breakfast, Round Trip Bus fare 
Bus Leaves UCSD Dec. 12 

Returns Dec.21 
Information & Reservations 
call larry 453·1969 after 5 

To All Student Organizations 

Hearings for Winter 
Quarter Program Budgets 

will be held on 

Monday Nov. 22 

Wednesday Nov. 24 
Monday Nov. 29 

Wednesday Dec.1 

from 10-11 AM 
and 4-6 PM 

Student Organizations Conference Room 

Call 452-4450 for more info 

Hearings will not be held after Dec.l, 1976 

f· ... t·" ....... • ......... ~··"· · .... ··"'·· .... ·~··~·l 
iCOMMUNITYf 
(BLOOD BANK! 
I . 
: 983 India ! 
I 3 . 
, 27 F Street , 

. PAYSDONORS t 
, ! 
t for Service !,. 
1 Mon. - Fri. t 233-5481 I 
t. __ ...... _~:~.~~_ ....... _ .. _.i 

Ski Movie! 
See Crested Butte 

Locals In : 

~S1Ue0 
Mam.m.outh!! 

Anyone Interested In 
Mammoth Trips For Winter 
Quarter Must Make Reser· 
vations tonight. 

Crested Butte 
Membership cards 

THINKING ABOUT 
GOING TO LAW SCHOOL? 

If you are, you should know that multiple LSAT scores are 
discounted or averaged. To find out why. and to learn how 
you can take advantage of this situation. call us. Learn how 
the LSAT METHOD can helpyou make your first LSAT score 
your best score! 
LSAT METHOD is a one day course presented by BAR/ BRI Bar Review 
5900 Wilshire Blvd !t610 
Los Angeles. CA 90036 
(213) 937·3620 

220 McAl ister Ave 13232ndSt 
San FranCISCo. CA 9 4102 
415) 861·6820 

San D iego. CA 9 2 101 
17 14 236-0623 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes 'examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fittp.o 
repairs 

hours mon - •• , 10 30 - 8 00 
sat. 10·6 Closed sundays 

ports arena blvd. 
(across from the SporlS arenal 

224·2973 224·2974 

REDKEN ~ing 
team Retail Center 

All haircuts 100% guaranteed 
5625 La Jolla Blvd . 45982 1 B 

Now Open Mondays, too . 



Pap' I rII •• IIIIIM'S Moaday. NovemberlZ.1I7I 

ewlett-Packard .wrote 
the book on advanced 

pocket calculators. 

The HP-21 Scientific. 
When simple arithmetic 
won't cut it. 
Just face a few tough prob-
lems that require more than 
simple math. That's when 
you begin to appreciate an 
HP-21 Scientific. It makes 
short work of your tech-
nical and non-technical 
calculations. Log, trig and 
arithmetic functions are 
performed automatically. 
You do the thinking, the 
HP-21 does the figuring. All 
this and more for 
$80. * 

The HP-22 Business 
Management. Solving the 
horrors of business math. 
Those mysterious time-
and-money-management 
problems that await you 
pose no threat to the 
HP-22. You can zip through 
loan payments, interest 
problems, investment cal-
culations and stat with a 
few fancy cI icks of the key-
board. Your dad should 
have had it so easy. Only 
$125.* 

The HP-25C Scientific 
Programmable with 
Continuous Memory. A 
must for future scientists 
and engineers. 
The HP-25C retair'ls your 
programs and saves your 
data-even when you turn 
it off. Great for any student 
who uses a few long pro-
grams repeatedly. New at 
only $200.· Also available: 
the HP-25 Scientific Pro-
grammable. Identical in 
every respect to the 
HP-25C except without 
continuous memory. Only 
$145.* 

• Suggested retail price. excluding applicable 
state and local taxes-Continental U.S .. 
Alaska and HawaII. University Bookstore 

Special Demo Sale One Each 
HP-65 $450 
HP-70 $125 

The HP-27 Scientific/Pius. 
Science plus statlatlcs 
and finance-ali In one 
neat package. 
Gives you 28 exponential, 
log and trig functions, 15 
statistical functions and 10 
financial functions-all pre-
programmed and stored. 
All you do is key in your 
data, press the appropriate 
function keys and see your 
data displayed in seconds. 
It's a lot of power for 
$175.* 

Sales Representative will be at the 
University Bookstore November 22 and November 24 

Free T-Shirt with Purchase 

--

") 


