
Professor Opposed to US, Sp~in Friendship Treaty 
UCSD's Gabriel Jackson Sees Need 

for Aid in Education, Science 
by James G. Soto 

City Editor 

Since the death last year of 
Spain's Francisco Franco, there 
has been considerable 
speculation about what the future 
holds for Spain and what role 
outside forces might have in its 
development. 

One such speculator has been 
UC San Diego History professor 
Gabriel Jackson, a leading ex-
pert in the history and con-
temporary scene of Spain. 

Among the current debates 
surrounding Spain is how the 
relationship between the United 
States and . the controversial 
Spanish regime, which had its 
origins in the bitter and divisive 
civil war of the late 19305, should 
be defined. 

Jackson, who was chairman of 
the UCSD Academic Senate from 
1969 to 1971 and is the author of 
several books on Spanish history, 
last month testified before the 
Senate Foreign Relations 
Committee against a proposed 
treaty of friendship and 

cooperation between Spain and 
the United States. 

According to Jackson, of the 
seven parts of the proposed 
treaty, six sections are related to 
non-military issues while one 
defines the military relationship 
between the Spain of King Juan 
Carlos Borbon and the US. 

Jackson told the committee in 
Washington, "I oppose the treaty 
text presently being considered, 
in large part because its military 
and civilian components are so 
lopsided. In theory bilateral 
milltary cooperation is only one 
of seven complementary 
agreements. In fact $800 million 
are devoted to military ex-
penditure and $35 million to 
educational and scientific aid." 

Executive Agreement 
He also said, "I have always 

favored cultural, educational and 
economic exchanges between the 
United States and Spain. I have 
always opposed the military 
agreements which date from 1953 
and which in updated fonn are to 

Committee Set to Look 
At University Housing 

by Mike Scarano 
Staff Writer 

impact of rising operating ex-
penses. 

"Completely Open Mind" 

be included as part of the general 
Treaty of Friendship and 
Cooperation. " 

Jackson told the Triton Times 
recently that the proposed treaty 
is "substantially the same" as 
the executive agreement between 
Franco's and the United 

Gabriel Jackson (TT photo: 
Nathan Meyers) 
States first made in 1953 and 
renewed every five years since 
then. 

" After Franco died, Ford and 
Kissinger decided it was time to 
make a treaty with Spain - and in 
Spain, there was also the desire 
to conclude a treaty," said 
Jackson. 

The Senate's hearings are to 
decide whether the treaty should 
be ratified. An executive 
agreement-like the current pact 
between the United States and 
Spain-is made between the 
foreign state and the president 
directly and need not be con-
firmed by the Senate. Such 
agreements are generally 
regarded as less f>inding than 
treaties. 

According to Jackson, Sen. 
Dick Clark (D-Iowa) was in-
terested in getting the advice of 
academics who have studied 
Spain. In addition to Jackson, the 
Senate heard, among others, 
Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology professor William 
Watson, who was a visiting 
professor at UCSD four years 
ago. 

New Ideas 
Although Spain has its 

problems, Jackson said that 
there can be a peaceful transition 
to a democratic regime. He 
contended that there has been 
tremendous economic growth in 
recent years, leading to the 
development of a stronger middle 
class and a class of well-paid 
factory workers who have 

something to lose if violence 
erupts. 

Jackson also believes that 
Spaniards are more sophisticated 
than ever because of the millions 
of tourists who have visited the 
country and the thousands of 
Spaniards who have worked in 
the democracies of Western 
Europe bringing home new ideas. 
He feels these Spaniards, along 
with those who remember the 
bloody civil war, will work hard 
to accomplish peaceful change. 

He said there is always the 
danger the ruling class will not be 
willing to accept change, pointing 
to the civil war as an example. 

Honest elections for a new 
Cortes (legislature) to write a 
new Constitution would be the 
best way to accomplish change, 
argues Jackson. 

He said that if the elections 
were held today it is very 
probable that the results by 
political party, would be: Social 
Democrats, one-quarter to one-
third; Christian Democrats, one-
quarter to one-third; Com-
munists, 10 - 15 percent; and the 
Spanish right (Falangists in-
cl uded), 10 to 15 percent. 

Jackson said the new Cortes 
Continued on Page 8 

In response to swelling costs of 
operating university housing, 
Chancellor McElroy has set up a 
diverse high-level committee to 
study the long-range prospects of 
UC San Diego's housing program. 

Frost stressed that the com-
mittee will approach the problem 
"with a completely open mind," 
willing to consider many varied 
and perhaps seemingly drastic 
metbods to reduce costs on a long 
run basis. 

- -

The committee's members are 
Pat Ledden, Muir provost; Tom 
Hull, assistant vice-chancellor of 
academic affairs; Herb Johnson, 
vice-chancellor for financial 
management; Phil Kirchner, 
Revelle resident dean; Rick 
Whitehill, Deputy vice-chancellor 
for student affairs; A. W. Russ, 
Business Manager at Third 
College; and Ron Greene, a 
student intern in the student 

Women's Bank: Bringing Women 
"The Chancellor has told us that 

anything is fair . game in this 
study," said Frost. 

Into the Economic Mainstream 

center. 
Larry Barrett, director of 

housing and food services, will act 
as oonsultant. 

Ac(.'ording to Gary Frost, Fourth 
·College dean and chairman of the 
committee, the goal of the group is 
to find methods of modifying the 
housing program to caution the 

The committee will observe the 
housing operations of different 
Wliversities around the country, 
and, it is hoped, develop ac-
ceptable modifications to the 
present structure of UCSD's 
resident program, Frost said. 

Among options to be studied and 
considered are proposals by 
Barrett which would centralize 
housing operations and eliminate 
partially, the division of the dorms 
by college. 

According to Barrett, donn rates 
could then be made more flexible 

Continued on Page 3 

by Vera M. I. Todorov 
StaHWriter 

The Women's Bank of San Diego 
opened its doors for business 
Wednesday with the hope of being 
"a bank where the worth and 
potential of men and women are 
recognized equally," according to 
Rita Mills McCoy, president. 

The bank was incorporated in 
March of 1975 by a small group of 
San Diego men and women. The 
Women's Bank opened witb $1.5 
million in capital, which was 
raised from the sale of stock. 

Over 700 of the 1130 share holders 
attended Share Holders Day at the 
bank last Saturday, which was 
open to accept new charter ac-
counts. 

McCoy stresses that "the 
Women's Bank is not just a bank 
for women. We will provide a full 
range of services for all people and 
business... adding the individual 
consideration and attention which 
will be our trademark." 

The emphasis of the bank, said 
McCoy, will be on bringing San 
Diego's female population, 
representing 48 percent of the 
city's population and 36 percent of 
its work force, into the mainstream 
of economic life. 

In addition to nonnal banking 
services, The Women's Bank offers 
special services, including free 

'- bank-by-mail, extended banking 
hours and a continuing educational 
program that will cover a variety 
of subjects. 

Brown Rae Lunches 
The educational programs will 

be offered in a lecture series 
continuing over a five-week period. 
AU-day lectures and seminars will 
educate customers in field~ 
ranginl from managing and in-
vestin, their money to car buying. 
The series will aIIo include a 
course caUed "IRS and the MS." 

Muir student Lou Peart drags the battered remains of his 
umbrella after rain and winds buffeted the campus 'ate last 
week. (TT photo: Nathan Meyers) 

Free brown bat lunchea are abo 
avaUMie to workinc cUltcmen 
durtnc a one-hour lunch period 

every working day. Other services 
are being planned that will be 
available at no charge or a nominal 
fee to cover expenses. 

The Women's Bank has an ex-
clusive service called Special 
Organizational Services (SOS) 
which provide assistance in 
managing the financial affairs of 

people under stress following 
divorce or the loss of a spouse. This 
service will be available for 
customers in a few months. 

McCoy says SOS has a 
remarkable record for uncovering 
lost or forgotten insurance policies, 
effecting difficult claims and 

Continued on Page 6 

Is There Life After College?--
Symposium Considers Options 

by Craig Jackson 
Staff writer 

. A four-day symposium asking the question "Is There Life After 
College?" is planned this week by the Career Planning and Placement 
and the Fourth College alumni. 

The symposium will consist of a series of speeches, discussions and 
seminars focusing on the problems of underemployment, deciding on a 
career, and choosing a lifestyle. 

The symposium will begin tonight at 7:30 with a presentation by Dr. 
James O'Toole of the University of Southern California Center for 
Futures Research on " Disparities Between the World of Education and 
the World of Work." O'Toole, a national expert in the field of work and 
education, will give some forecasts on the social and political con-
sequences of underemployment. 

Graduates Return 
Wednesday night, six UCSD graduates will describe what happened to 

them after they left college and entered the world of work. ~e alumni 
will discuss six areas: teaching, self-employment, and the value of 
degrees in natural science, physical science, social science and 
humanities/fine arts. 

After a preliminary presentation from 6:00 to 7:30, students will have 
the opportunity to meet in small groups with the six returning graduates 
and question them on their experiences. The serllinars will be held from 
7:30 to 8:30 and again from 8:30 to 9:30, thus allowing each student to sit 
in on at least two career discussions. 

Tomorrow evening at 7:30 there will be three featured speakers 
representing business (TRW Systems) , education (UC San Diego em-
ployment) aDd the govenunent (civil service ). They will talk about 
jobseeking strategies for their respective . I 

The symposium will end Thursday night at 7: 30 with a panel discussion 
on "Lifestyle Perspectives: Singles and Working Couples." Among the 
participants wtll be Harvey and Sylvia Selventen, each of whom oR 
part-time and rear their children part-time. The discussion will focus on 
the relation between career choice and interpenonal re&ationships. 

The meetinp on Monday, Tuesday and 'I1IInIday will take place in the 
! ourth Colle&e cafeteria; the meetq with the gradutes on Wednaday 
wiD start in CR 101 and then move to the Third CoUege _ck bar for the 
private 1eIIlinan. 



• rI' •• I.I ... 'S Mo_y, April 19,117' 
Letters to the Editor 

JahnH. T.,I .. 
Edltor-In-Clliel 

t I ~I'on .1 nil'S 
\ 

M ... WoeI_ 
Managing editor 

J ...... O.SOto 
City editor 

COOp Spending Questioned 
MII"SI8dI8r 
News editor 

. S.,J. Lowen 
Community editor 

CrIIg Uchldl 
Opinion editor 

'The Triton Time. I. _ 'OQnlzed I. lhe oUIc .. , .tudent .... PlPlr by the Com· 
munlc.lion. 100rd 01 UCS'.). UnslOnld ICIItorUll ,..".enl .... vi ... 01 the mllorlly 01 
the edllorill boIrd [UIovI) , 8nd not the v .... 01 lhe Un"",qlly, 1111 CommunlCIIlonl 
lOIId or the .tudenl body. 

GSU's Crazy LetterS 

If you don't know what the 
student Cooperation is, you are 
simply one of its satisfied 
customers. 

The UCSD J<'ree Triton is the first 
publication so far to show the 
student body how the activity fees 
we pay are being allocated. 
According to the report made by 
the Free Triton, the Student 
Cooperation is indeed a 
cooperation. 

The Graduate Studeat Unioa [GSU] Deeds a new eorrelpoDdenl The allocation of funds is 
Two letten have been wriUen to the campus media recently, both definitely cooperatively done. A 

slped 'Graduate Sludeat Union' aDd bo&b glartagly overstated and number of activist and "service" 
sometimes illogical. groups have figured it out. All you 

TIle fint, wblcb appeared In tile TrIton TImes April 5, attacked student have to do is call yourselves a ~ 
center director Mark Bookmaa for getting the date wrong oa a op, claim that you represent the 
memorandum 8DDOImCiDg a Tay Sachl disease screeDlDg program. students as a whole, and then help 

Bookman apparently wrote tllat orgaDizatio .. l meetings for the yourself to the mandatory activity 
propm would begin Monday, April 1. TIle GSU, In a bont 01 in- fees paid by every student. 
vestigative fervor, determbaed that "AprU 1 does Dot fan OD a Monday But don't tell anybody the 
IIDtiI 1915." TIlls error wal the basis on wbicb the GSU theD suggested criteria used to select those groups 
Bookman's testimony iii the SaXOD bearings wal not credible. who " deserve" thousands of 

We didn't take this too seriOllsly. Judging from the response, neither dollars. So long as everything is 
did anyone elae. cooperatively done, there's no 

TIIen came the Saville letter, printed In both the New Indicator and the problem. Just .pack all the com-
Triton Times, In It, the GSU coodemned Uterature professor Jonathan mittees with members of the in-
Saville - a popular teacher with consistently good CGurse and Professor terested groups you like, and then, 
Evaluation ratings - as a "sinister blot upon our pride and upon our .. "democratically," money will be 
IUtution. " 

allocated to those groups who 
What the evU Dr. Saville did was add a lecture and drop the discussion deserve the money. It 's a 

section In bis Humanities 7, which the GSU saw as a move to drive the cooperation, you see. 
teaching assistant to extinction and destroy what's left of quality un- It's a Sno-operation. If you liked 
dergraduate education at UC San Diego. " kangaroo courts ," elitism, 

That is utterly ridiculous_ k I . d 
The chairman of the Revelle humanities committee said that when the favoritism, por -barre ling, an 

unaccountable, unelected student 
spring schedule was put together no teaebing assistantships were government-you'll love the Sno-

. dropped by &be program. He said the committee simply tried to distribute ~ its limited resources among the classes In a way that would do the most op. Jt'lS a model of the ideal, 
good. Sa~ilIe, a good lecturer who encourages class disCUSSion, didn't something that every school should 

emulate, a progressive innovation. 
really need a discussion sectJon. He just added a lecture. The Sno-op is one of the most 

Much as we admire graduate students for the heavy teaching load they democratic governments you'll 
bear at UCSD, we feel an extra bour a week with a knowledgeable, 
patient instructor is more beneficial to undergraduates than the same ever find. It features unpublicized 
hour spent with a graduate s tudent. In fact, we would have assumed that meetings, unelected members, 
the GSU, as a crusader for the cause of undergrad education, would unpublished minutes, no avenues 
applaud a professor who increased his weekly class contact time, for appeal or referendum, un-

Several authors of Letters to the Editor have suggested that by at- ' checked powers to dispose of 
tacking a good teacher with claims that he is operating to the detriment mandatory fee monies. 
of undergraduate education, the GSU has betrayed the self-interest that Unpublicized meetings ? Of 
lies beneath a veneer of altruism. One, a graduate student in Saville's course. If you don't tell anybody 
department, writes, "The GSU has gone far beyond its original goals in when you meet, then they can't 
its rhetoric and actions, It no longer speaks for me." interfere with your game. 

We wonder if tbe two pieces of correspondence we have mentioned Unelected members? Sure. 
represent the views of the several hundred members of tbe GSU, or just Elections require the participation 
of a small steering group whose members have deemed themselves of the student body. If that hal)-
spokesmen for the entire membership, pened, maybe your pet project 

The GSU we have supported has been conscientious and hardworking, wouldn't get funded, or you 
and it has made strong points for its case. The current policy of Its wouldn't get that free trip to San 

. Francisco. spokesperson or persons - one of groundless harassment - will lead the 
GSU quickly to ignominy. That fate will be deserved if the Saville letter Unpublished minutes ? That 
somehow represents a majority viewpoint. follows naturally. After you've 

decided who gets the money, you 

Support UFW Initiative 
The Agricultural Labor Relations Board was created last May by the 

legislature to end the controversy that has surrounded CalUornia 
agriculture during the twentieth century, It was the product of long, hard 
hours of compromise work by Gov. Brown, Union representatives and 
California growers. 

don 't want to tell anybody. 
Especially somebody who wouldn't 
have spent the money that way. 

No avenues for appeal? An ef-
fective Cooperation among special 
interest groups requires that 
decisions be final. Political 
decisions can be Cormulated and 
advertised as representing student 

body opinion, without student body 
knowledge or consent. 

Mandatory fees? How else do 
you get mooey from unwilling or 
ignorant victims except by force? 

The Student Cooperation has 
called for full disclosure of CIA 
activities, whether agents get 
wiped out or not. We must demand 
full disclosure of Co-op activities 
before Sno-op hypocrisy can 
continue at the students' expense. 

We should stop the Sno-op before 
another dollar is spent, without 
student consent, for bogus 
"business trips," papers on per-
sonal opinion, non-existent clubs, 
pet projects, Big Macs and fries, or 
any other rat hole known only 
to ... whom? 

STIJDENT COMMITIEE 
AGAINST RIPOFFS 

Restaurant . Ratings Rebuked 
As a resident of San Diego County and paricularly as a medical student 

specifically concerned with public health measures, I have consistently 
pointed out to visitors with pride the San Diego County Department of 
Public Health's commendable inspection program of all public food 
handlers. 

The department grants each restauranteur the " A" - "C" ratings which 
must be conspicuously displayed by every food handler in the county. 
This rating code is intended to serve as an assurance to the consumer of 
proper sanitation and of concern for his well-being in the preparation of 
his meal. 

I was shocked and saddened (not to mention shaken) by recently 
having been served a drink at the Plank house (a steak house near my 
Clairemont home which has an "A" rating) that included a surprise 
bonus- a large piece of glass which I bit down upon. This incident has 
forced me to carefully reconsider my pride and good faith in the depart-
ment's inspections . . J cannot overstate my support for such a program of 
health and safety inspections. 

I appreciate the enonnity of the task faced by the department in light of 
a limited budget, but I would hope that greater public input and increased 
diligence by the department can prevent others from suffering such 
avoidable and potentially serious mishaps, The inspection program is a 
vital service needed by all San Diegans, but it apparently requires some 
revision before we can all point with pride to our favorite restaurant's 
" A" rating. 

LARRY ZWEBEN 
UCSD SCHOOL OF MEDICINE The farm labor act insured free and secret elections for farm workers 

to select a union-either the UFW or the Teamsters-to represent them. 
The ALRB arbitrated charges of unfair labor practices and supervised 
and certified the union elections. 

The board represented a major effort to protect the rights of farm 
workers to choose the union of their choice to represent them. 

SCAR Chapter to Form Here 
And it succeeded, to a surprising degree. The ALRB has decided 327 

elections thus far, with the UFW winning 204 of them. More importantly, 
it brought a halt to the strike-boycotts that divided California agriculture 
in the sixties and early seventies. 

And now the ALRB is in jeopardy, because there was more need for it 
than legislators had expected. The board 's initial funding was exhausted-
-months before its first year ended-because of the overwhelming and 
unexpected number of elections needed. 

Because of this, a handful of state Senators, primarily Republicans and 
rural Democrats, have taken it upon themselves to block further funding 
for the board, which ret ,uIres a two-thirds vote by the Senate. 

The same legislators have also tried to take the board's administrative 
powers from it by ametd~g it in the state Senate finance committee. 

Faced with the possihllity of a reversion to the pre-ALRM situation, the 
UFW has decided, as Cesar Chavez has said, " to hypass the pOliticians in 
Sacra mento and go din'Ctly to the peop1e 

The UFW is circula .lng- petitions to place on a Novem~t Lallot an 
initiative to guarantef' funding for the board, allow union organizers 
access to the field w)rkers, assess treble damages against growers 
convicted of unfair lalro practice and have the ALRB provide lists of 
employees to people in1lolved in the union elections. 

The funds guarantee-provision L~ the kcy to the initiative. Without it the 
ALRB will remain prey to capricio~ whims of a minority of iegislators 
who feel most heavily the pres ures of the powerful CalifornJa 
agribus inessmen. 

To place the Farm Worker Initiative on the November ballot, 350,000 
signatures regl tered voters must sign the petitions by April 30. This is an 
immense task, - about 20,000 signatures a day. Th FW needs 
Ignatures, and more importantly, volunte r hlp. 
Th ALRB needs immediate funding for the backlog of ta ks piling up 

whll it sits idl . ign tb initiative. Pa s around a petition. It's up to you 
to guarante free elections for farmworkers and avoid, as Gov. Brown 
aid when speaking on tbe Issue, "A long, bot summer." 

by Mike Andreoh 
The National Student Coalition 

Against Racism (SCAR) was 
founded in February 1975 to sup-
port school desegregation and to 
protest racist attacks in Boston. 
There are over 70 individual SCAR 
chapters on college campuses 
across the country. SCAR is a 
multi-racial organization 
dedicated to the defense of third 
world people everywhere. It has 
consistently s upported school 
desegregation, protested 
educational cutbacks, and come to 
the aid of wrongfully accused 
chicanos and blacks such as 
Joanne Little. 

The focal point in the struggle for 
black rights is no longer the deep 
South, but the " Cradle of Liberty," 
Boston, Mass. Racists attacks in 
Boston have taken on an aspect 
that makes the Jim Crow South 
look rather tame by comparison. 
Blacks in Boston have had their 
homes attacked, their lives 
threatened and their children 
beaten by organized gangs of 
racist thugs. Similar treatment 
awaits any white who speaks out 
against these attacks. Last Feb. 15, 
over 1000 raci ts attacked police, 

injuring 70. These attacks were 
coordinated by racist squads ar-
med with mace and tear gas, and 
equipped with walkie-talkies and 
CB raffios. 

The organization condoning, if 
not initiating these activities calls 
itself ROAR (Restore Our 
Alienated Rights), of which many 
city officials are members. ROAR 
attempts to make itself respec-
table by advocating "neighborhood 
schools" and "quality education". 
If we judge by their actions, in-
stead of their rhetoric, their true 
racist motivations shine through. 
ROAR openly works with the John 
Birch SOCiety and the Ku Klux 
Klan. The ROAR symbol, an Irish 
shamrock on an Italian tricolor, 
clearly shows that they are not 
interested in neighborhood schools, 
but on dividing people on the basis 
of race a nd nationality. 

The issue in Boston is not neigh-
borhood schools, the issue is 
racism. Fewer students are bussed 
to school today than before. Judge 
Arthur Garrity ruled that the 
Boston school committee was 
"consciolL'lly maintaining a system 
of segr gat schools. " Black 
students us d to be bussed past 

neighborhood schools into inferior 
schools. White students were 
bussed past neighborhood schools 
into superior "whites only" 
schools. No one complained about 
busing then . No one wanted 
" neighborhood schools" then. 
Today, not a single white student of 
high school age is bussed to 
achieve desegregation . Only 
blacks are bussed. 

For us in San Diego, Boston may 
seem so far a way that events there 
do not relate to us. Attitudes like 
this are a source of encouragement 
to racists everywhere. If the 
Boston racists continue their 
violence unopposed , racists 
throughout the country will be 
tempted to do the same. 

We cannot expect politicians in 
this election year to defend the 
black students in Boston if they see 
no support for such a defense. 
Those candidates running on " law 
and order" platforms seem to have 
forgotten that desegregation is the 
law and that it is not the blacks, but 
a few violent whites who are the 
criminals. 

On April 20, SCAR is calling for 
an organizational meeting to map 

CoatiDaed 011 Pace 8 

... . 

.. 

..... 

.. 

I) 

'. 

" 
. 

-Mooday, AprU 19, 1971 

Politics: James G. Soto 
, 

Muddlinq Throuqh 
Politics is often discussed over cocktails. (In some circles the cocktails 

are replact;d by some sort of illicit drug, but the effect is the same.) 
Actually, over cocktails politics are decided more than discussed. 

How many manhattans and martinis have eavesdropped on discussions 
of state remains a mystery to those of us in the fourth estate, but if it is 
anywhere near the number of political discussions engaged in by jour-
nalistic hacks at any number of saloons on any particular day, the 
number is phenomenal. 

If, in fact, I had some god-like power to create a more perfect world, I 
might comb the inns of our time in search of the political messiah who 
will sweep away the pressing prohlems of tbe period. 

Too often, the sages of state are preoccupied with protocol, and would 
not think of tapping the rich river of imagination that runs through some 
of our drinking establishments. 

On that rare occasion when I have found myself sipping a very weak 
drink in the most respectable- of course-bistro, I have been possessed 
by that most dangerous of maladies- Potomac fever. 

This ailment has long plagued the United States. In fact , it has long 
plagued me and my cronies. More often than not, our waking hours are 
spent idly thinking of making that grand speech on the floor of the House, 
The ideas proposed during such reveries would amaze the spirits of other 
such idle dreamer&' as Plato, Mill and Marx. But alas, they remain 
reveries. 

AoyOtberJoe 
But I must make my pronouncement to the world of Washington ; " I am 

ready to accept any cabinet post atany time and I will accept a 10 percent 
cut in salary to steal thei.0b away from any other Joe." 

However, it will be my personal policy not to wait up late at night for a 
phone call from Carter, Brown, Ford or Reagan. 

At any rate, the madness Inflicted by Potomac fever has become 
especially rampant in the halls <I Capitol Hill. Some of the old codgers 
who make their living there have long suffered from the ramblings 
associated. with that dread disease. The congressional chamber, not 
usually recognized as a repository of fresh air, has become in recent 
years a monument to stale air and outrageous corruption. 

While the pork-barreling continues at a frenzied pace, the casual 0b-
server perched in a cocktail lounge becomes anesthetized to this sort of 
thing. It has neared the status of a tUn.hooored tradition. 

However, more than one Mai-tai bas heard the anger of those who have 
become infuriated over the madness <I campaign financing. 

The members of Congress, most of whom have latent desires to move to 
the White House, passed a bill that would set up a system of matching, 

dollar-for~Uar, the funds raised for that breed of rodent known as the 
" 

PSAtells 
ucSan 
buzz off 

29 times 
a day. 

... _------" 

.... ., fOltllfl ~-.....n ....... .,~ .... w ...... Woft. ~ Jtn'InOTDI* 
","1" c..... c..,.., 101' "IIIv,.. ~. U",",,-,II.,. of Sowtl'tet'l'l c.l!lorn .. . witl (JIItU .. IMY 
' •• .,."', CaM""", dlSI*'t_'kJng .""t"""'IplliWflOftaof~~en'lort'-IoOm. ... Dr OTQOtI 

. .. t;ft.atr".."oIlht HEW TMII Fon:.~WOfIIIftA"*~lltIltll) 

' ..... , f..mn c.t"" ......... __ fM ...... ~M4ft ...... ..." ~1t41 ...... _~,.... 
"..,.. ao tel.... .oouhO'l Met , .. ' ..... gclWtlWNnl will d'IIe.' "tcl_ jolt IIt".;I'" MClloKtllWQwI 
,_.,."., CaMWiI 1()f"1I,.",HlMCU,._. 

w_, 
"""' ,.N" "-' aD.", CtM._. 
Cft 101 

,,"- f ..... 
• Mt7 c ...... 
l :.oPM c, .... '" 

J .... E.,!"9, OirtlClOr 0 1 Colt ... AHlIIon, TAW s, .. em. 
o..dto,ktq" UCSDe"'pI~I""'I.I"" 
Sti .. F.1dHz ~St'U'I'I9SPC'''11M US ChI s.n. ... eomm,poQt! 

n. 0 ....... "-hImlt UC 1M 0..00 lIIurIWooI '110 "!Met •• ,11 dtKV. ,,.,r.nlolkll'! tTvm 
their ~ n\IljOrl; 10 WOR""O ho_ ~ to! ,o.~ I~ .,. ,n,.n.. ".~ 
IllM011'11.~ f'Nt Dr09' .... I'" jOont .. 1iIr1 of all IroWi COl", , 

'oo.I20W~ 
1]0.8 JO !Ii,. ...... "'*' ""u be I'Ietd ~ • 30 1 )0 Mod ..,11 '- ,...-etJ r JO..I ~ 

"'umt •• tI .(\1" , .... "'" MIni"" «tIpkJyed .no ..... tht; ... ~"V WI'I'! IMII 
"'",lIk-. ~~. Sot." IMCIIIndHvm.ftit ... ,F .. Aftlo.ur_ 

• )0.130 Aet,..-...,. ,,"~I di~IO'I' _ ,lI'I ItVl'l'lnl .w;II ueso IIK;;wfl, 1l'ItI1I 
eot ..... 1It ,8M 

l .... t' .. "~"'" . ,......- WO/tII,. C....... o.lC"UtOn fIf the ""'*' It' ..... 
c:~ ...... brt t.....s 'Itwa 1tw1 .tt«t ~tM. et'Id .'I'IIn9II1","V In" ,*.on.! 
rf!4.rOMto'lIII _Ad c:"'ld I'MP1fIG "Oft'! 'hi ~t .... Gf • woo""" w",d • ..cf ~. _ .... 

lyI¥.s.. ........... C...-VI1.,~s.n .. ~j" s.no.vo ..-o..nci 
~S.IwIttI" ..... ' .. k...-..;:.A4I9tIOl" 5t .. CoM.llant 
(.jOl'I~ L~nrl"\l 0."",,," of ,.. "'MnI,.. MIl flllI:WMf\' 
c, ... HoM' AII~, 

It. StP'lDOlt\r,., hnn-.o bf 
Fo...r1t1 Oil""" It.IUIMf .... ' IMIMI 

c._~n,",lrIdP! ..... , 

• rI' •• 1 'IIJI(~ 
presidential aspirant. The result has been a presidential campaign with 
greatly increased electoral financing. 

Scandalous 
Early last week a report s released showing every candidate, save 

Page 3 

Housing . . 
Ford and Jackson, wallowing in debt. In the space of a few months, the 
top three Democratic candidates have spent more than $15 million. 

Figures from the profligate Wallace campaign are not yet in, but it will 
certainly inflate the above figure even more. 

As more than one observer has noted, there are over 20 primaries to go, 
along with an expensive convention process and an even more costly 
general election. The major growth industry in the American economy 
would appear to be E lectioneering. 

throughout the school, since 
complexes could offer diverse 
service packages. Under this 
system, students would be housed 
according to their preference as to 
location, building and service 
package offered: 

"Scandalous," I might exclaim, iC I didn't have those· secret desires 
myself to go out on the campaign trail. . 

Congress in its fever has gone mad like some debutante who has just 
received a charge card for Nieman-Marcus and feels she must break her 
daddy tonight. Arguing over nothing very important and quickly passing 
over the substantial issues, our legislators have not seen fit to quietly die 
orttJe malady. They must infect the nation. 

Buildings offering a Cull range of 
services might appeal to some 
students, while others might prefer 
less service at a lower price. 

Potomac fever is raging out of control. Hundreds of madpersons are 
possessed by its grip and billboards have sprouted up over the land 
proclaiming the superiority of a Mo, Scoop or Ron. 

Muddling through, will the Americans finally take my advice and pass 
that proposed constitutional amendment making the cocktail hour the 
time when all political decisions are made? 

Barrett said this system could 
cut costs by $250,000 a year, 
although it is up the the committee 
to decide whether these savings 
would justify the dissolution of the 
present "small college" 
arrangement of the dorms. 

Diverse Outlooks 

"Db waiter, could you bring me a whiskey sour 8Jld my friend Gov. 
Carter another lemonade?" 

"Now Governor, about ethnic purity and your new health plan, I have 
been told that..." 

The Triton Times Is recognized by the Communications Board 01 UCSD as Ihe official 
student newspaper. Publication is on Mondays , Wedne,5days and Fridays during the 
reg ular school year (except on otticial ho lidays). Editor ial and business offices are 
located in 117 Blake Hall on the Revelle College campus , University 01 California, San 
Diego. -

According to Frost, the members 
of the committee represent diverse 
outlooks as well as considerable 
experience in the area of housing 
administration. " Each member 
will have a different orientation 
towards food and housing, and 
therefore we should have a lot of 
give and take , a lot of different 
ideas and priorities to consider," 
he said. 

Letters 10 the Editor and opinion columns are welcomed . All submissions should be 
typed on a 74-space l ine on nonerasable paper. They should not exce8'~ three pages In 
length double-spaced. The Triton Times reserves lhe r ighl to edit submiSSions because 
of space limitations or style requirements . 

For Ildltorlal. call 452-3466; for business and d isplay advertisements. call 452-3468. 
Entire contents copyright 1976. Triton Times. 

The committee will hold its first 
meeting in the next two weeks, and 
will report its findings to the 
Chancellor by Oct. 1. 

IEWLY DE'ROPED "SUPER" SPEED READIIG 
COURSE TO BE TIUGHT THIIOUIliOUT 

SII DIEGO IREA 
SAN OtEGO [IPIC.] THE GOLDEN STATE READINO LAB 01 Beverly Hills will oil .. Ihe ne_t 111<1 mo.t Innoutlve course In "Speed 
R .. ding" 10 • limlled number of qUilified peopl.lhroughout till SIn Diego A .... TIlls recently devetoped method of Instruction Is IIIe 
molt Iffectlwellnd productlye course .ver prodUced Ind yellt co.l. lesa thin 112 th.lu it/b(! 01 alml .. , courses. 

Not only doe5 '!ll. COUrll reduc. your tim. In c .... lo lUll one c .... Plrwllk I .. only ~ short WHIts, but ".0 Includes I.uper .dYlnCld 
IfIIId .. edlng progrem on cell"" tepee so • "",son cen continue 10 Improve their skill lor tho rut 01 th.1r 111.111<1 ourg ...... t •• never 
"slow bKk down . tl 

In lull ~ ahort _ ks I person should be reading 4·5 times lISter and In a f.w months m8f1Y will be reading 20-30 lim .. IlIle, at speeds 
thaI .pproeeh 6,000 word. per minute. In " .. InstlnCls speed. 01 13,000 words per minute haYe ,"en documented. Our .verege 
g"dulte will complete tile course 8-10 times faster end wltll marked Improvements In comprehension .nII concenlrltion. For lho ... who 
would like more Inlormatlon a seri.s 01 FREE one hour .""tanatory lectures have been scheduled . TIIes. ~ nlorm.ti"" meetings are open 
to the pubfic ... d our course will be explained In complele detail Including tuition . classroom procedures . end teaching melhods. You 
need to an end lust one of the tollowlng meetings lor com pie Ie delalls al no cosl or obligation. ee sure to Ittend which .. er meeting th.t 
best lits your schedule. 

FREE ORIENTATION LECTURES THROUGHOUT THE SAN DIEGO 
AREA WILL BE AT THE FOLLOWING TIMES & PLACES : 

San Diego Meellngs 
Thursday. April 15. Friday. April 16, Two 

.. meetings each nlghl at 6:30 p.m. and 
again at 8:30 p .m . These meetings will be 
held in the Casa del Prado Bldg. at the 
end 01 EI Predo In Ihe Curtural 
Recreat ion Cenlerol Balboa Pari .. 

Sat urday April 17, two meetings at 10:30 
am and again at 1:30 pm In the "Silver 
Room" of the Civic Convention Center 
202 'C. Sl. 

Saturday April 17, Two meel lngs at t 0:30 
am and at 1 :30 pm In Ihe "Harbor Room" 
01 Shelter Island Inn, 2505 Shelter lsI. Dr. 

Monday April 19, Tuesday April 20. Two 
meetings al 6:30 and 8:30 In the Cas. del 
Prado Bldg. at the end of EI Prado in the 
Cultural Recreation denter of Balboa 
Park. 

Tuesday April 20. Two meetings a16:30 pm 
and again al 8:30 pm In the "Harbor 
Room" of Sheller Island Inn. 2505 Shelter 
Island Dr. 

Chula Vista Meetings 
Thursday April 15. Two meet ings at 6:30 

pm and at 8:30 pm. 
Friday April 16. Two meetings al 6:30 pm 

and again at 8:30 pm. 
Saturday April 17. Two meetings at 10:30 

am and again at 1 30 pm . 
These meetings will be held at the Royal 

Inn, 632 "e" 51. In Chula Vista. 

Nallonal City Meet ings 
Monday April 19. Two meetings at 6:30 pm 

and at 8:30 pm 
Tuesday April 20. Two meet ings at 6:30 pm 

and al8 30 pm. 
l'hpsc m tlngs will be held In tile 

"Banquet Room" 01 Plaza BOWl. 1201 E. 
Plaza Blvd . (Entrance RI. 01 Main en· 
trance) 

L.o Jolla 
Thursday April 15 TwO meetings at 630 

pm and at 8 30 pm. 

Fnday Apnl 16 Two meetings at 6:30 pm 
and at 8:30 pm. 

Monday April 19. Two meetings at 6:30 pm • 
and at 8:30 pm. 

These meetings will be held in lhe San 
Diego Federal Savings and Loan Bldg _, 
Second lloor, 1055 Torrey Pines Rd ., La 
Joila . 

Escondido Meetings 
thursday April IS. Two meetings at 6:30 

pm and at 8 '30 pm. 
Friday April 16. Two meet ings at 6 30 pm 

and again at 8:30 pm . 
Salurday April 17 . Two meetings all :30 pm 

and at 3 :30 pm 
These meetings to be held in the Royal Inn 

2500 South Escondido Blvd 
Monday Apr . 18. Two meet ings at 6:30 and 

8:30pm 
Tuesday April 20. Two meel ings at 6:30 pm 

and at 8:30 pm to be held at the 
Escondido Counlry Club , t800 Country 
Club Lane. Escondido. 

EI cajon Meetings 
Thursday April t 5. Two rT16etin{1S at 6:30 

and at 8:30 pm. 
Friday April 16. Two meet ings at 6.30 and 

8.30 pm . 
Saturday April 17 . Two meet ings at t 0:30 

am and at 1:30 pm . 
These meetings will be held In tile B nquet 

Room 01 Parkway Bowl. 1280 Fletcher 
i'kw . 

Monday April 19. Two m tings at 6:30 pm 
and aI8.30 pm. 

Tuesday April 20 Two meetings at 6.30 pm 
.,..d aI8'30 pm . 

These m lings will be hold In the Banqu t 
Room 01 La Mesa Bowl , 7380 P rkway 
Dr In La M sa (Enlr nee to nghl of main 
enlrance) 

.-



Palet • rh .... 1 DK'8 Mo"'y, AprO H, lJ7I 

"T'S ON 4/12-4/18 
, 

Monday 
12 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
2 pm - CliDic. Alcohol Clinic, for students desiring information about the use and abuse of 

alcohol, Revelle Counselor's Office. 
3 pm - CoDSUltlDg. Computer Literacy-Walk-in-Consulting, learn to use computers, 

Computer Center 1839 APM. 
4 pm - Study. Bible Study, Mark's Gospel, wlFr. Kevin Munn, Office of Religious Affairs, 

507 MC. 
4:30 pm - Birth Control. UCSD Birth Control Rap Session, film on contraceptive methods 

and rap session, Student Health Center. 
5 pm - CliDic. UCSD Birth Control Clinic, Student Health Center. 
5:30 pm - Meeting. Lesbian Taskforce Meeting, discuss plans for two lesbian lifestyle 

workshops and night of lesbian films, Women's Center. 
6:30 pm - Meeting. Student Co-pp Meeting, discussion of 198 letter grade controversy and 

nominations for BRG position, North Conference Room Student Center. 
6:30 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Res. Hall Meeting, Fourth College Rec. Center. 
7 pm - Meeting. Christian Science Organization Meeting, Blake Conference Room. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. Advanced Meeting For All Transcendental Meditators, Revelle 

Formal Lounge. 
7:30 pm - Lecture. "Disparities Between the World of Education and the World of Work", 

Dr. James O'Toole, Center for Future Research, University of Southern California, will 
discuss these disparities along with his forecast for underemployment, Fourth College 
Cafeteria. 

8 pm - Dance. Israeli Folk Dancing, 8-9 beginning dance and intermediate dances taught, 
9-10: 30 dances by request, Recreation Gym Conference Room. 

8 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Program Board Meeting, Fourth College Rec. Center. 
8 pm - Film. Ron Pelegrino, live electronic music, tapes and laser deflection system, 

Recital Hall. 

Tuesday 
9 am - Clinic. UCSD Birth Control Clinic, Student Health Center. 

12 noon - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
12 noon - Concert. Noon Concert, featuring Anahata Perfonning Company, Revelle 

Plaza. 
2 pm - FUm. " The Deep Frontier", 7104 Ureay Hall. 
2:30 pm - Clinic. Sex Clinic, for students desiring information about counseling about 

sexual concerns, Revelle Counselor's Office. 
3 p.m - Meeting. Movement and Relaxation Grnup, explore feelings, have fun through 

movement and relaxation, North Conference Room Student Center. 
4 pm - Meeting. Feminfst Coalition, Women's Center. 
6: 30 pm - Meeting. American Sign Language Class, Disabled Student Center. 
7:15 pm - Group. Discussion Group, Practical Christi;in Theology wlFr. Kevin Munn, 

Office of Religious Affairs 507 MC. 
7: 30 pm - Meeting. Trident Christian Fellowship, Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7:30 pm - Lecture. "Getting the Job : What the People Who Hire Have to Say" 

representatives from business, education and the federal government will discuss effective 
job strategies and techniques for their respective areas, bring your questions, find some 
answers, Fourth College Cafeteria. 

6 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Outing Club, Fourth College Rec. Center. 
7 pm - Meeting. Rap Group, open rap group, Revelle Informal Lounge. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. Alpha Omega Alliance, come and learn the cosmic clock and Raja 

Yoga, PokL3515. 
a pm - Dance. Balkan folk Dancing, Recreation Gym Conference Room $.25. 
8 pm - Concert. Atomic Cafe, an evening of salon music, Recital Hall. 

Wednesday 
1 pm - Meeting. Chri itian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
4:30 pm - Meeting. Yoga Club, Adaptive Room, Gym. 
4:30 pm - Birth Conttol. UCSD Birth Control Rap Session, film on contraceptive methods 

and rap session, Studer.t Health Center. 
S pm - Clinic. UCSD Birth Control Clinic, Student Health Center. 
6 pm - Lecture. " The Graduates Return !" UC San Diego alumni and friends will discuss 

the transition from their academic major to working: how they got to where they are , and 
what happened along the way, Third College Classrooms CR 107. 

9am - Clinic. UCSDBirth Control Clinic, Student Health Center. 
1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
6 pm - Meeting. Muir Outing Club, short talk on "Wilderness First Aid", APM 2402. 
7:30 pm - Lifestyle Perspectives: Singles aad Working Couples. Discussion of the impact 

lifestyle choices have on careers: issues that affect promotions and earning· a living, inter-
personal relationships and child rearing .... .from the perspective of a working couple (who 
share child rearing and work responsibilities) and single individuals. Sylvia Selversten, 
Community Services Specialist, San Diego School District . Fourth College Cafeteria. 

8 pm - Concert. New Music, with performance class, Recital Hall. 
9 pm - Bingo. Bingo Night, prizes to be won from local merchants, Muir 5 ok Dime. 

Eriday 
On Friday, April 23 at 7:30 PM the UC San Diego International Club will sponsor a Panel 

Discussion on World Hunger and Food Resources. The panelists will include: Dr. Maarlen 
J. Chrispeels, UCSD Associate Professor of Biology; Dr. Aaron Ifekuni~we of the Drew 
Medical Center in Los Angeles, a specialist in children's malnutrition and a native of 
Nigeria; and Dr. Joseph Stokes Ill, Chairman of the UCSD Community Medicine Depart-
ment. The Discussion will take place in the International Center on the UCSD campus. 
Admission is free and all are welcome. 

9 pm - Disco. "Ubiquity", UCSD's new Disco, $.25 Revelle Side Door. 
10 am - Recruiting. Recruiting Officers University of California San Francisco, School of 

Dentistry, North Conference Room Student Center. 
12 noon - Rally. A.F.S.C.M.E. and G.S.U. informational rally, Matthews Campus in front 

of Cafeteria. 
12 noon - Concert. Student Center Noon Concert, Phill Gross, Recreation Gym steps. 
12:05 pm - Lecture. "Shallow views of Life in Depths", Dr. A. A. Yayanos, 307 Vaughan 

Hall . 
12:30 pm - Provost Rap Ses!!iou. Are things going well? Or are there difficulties or 

problems which you would like to discuss? Get together with Dr. Joseph Watson, Provost of 
Third College, in the new Third College Lounge. 

1 pm - Meeting. Revelle Residence Halls Board, Blake Conference Room. 
1 pm __ Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
2 pm - Meeting. Information concerning the West Coast Confederation of Philipino 
St~dents, A.A.S.A. Office Student Center Bldg. A. 

2 - 3 pm. - Fundamentals of Resume Writing Workshop is a how-to-do-it workshop, also 
discusses resumes in the context of the total job hunting process. Sign-ups requested. 
Career Planning &: Placement, Student Center Complex, Building B second floor. 

3 - 4 pm - Resume Critique Worksbop will help you learn how to critjque a resume, and 
you'll have your own evaluated using general principles. Sign-ups requested. Career 
Planning ok Placement, Student Center Complex, Building B, second floor. 

6 pm - Retreat. Cars leave from University-Community Church for weekend retreat, 
weekend Catholic and Lutheran dialouge at Camp Caroline, North East of Escondido, 9595 
La Jolla Shores Dr. near Torrey Pines Rd. 

7 pm - Dance. International Folk Dancing, 7~ special beginner's class, 8-9 teaching of 
intermediate dances, 9-12 dances by request, $.25, Recreation Gym Conference Room. 

7 pm - Meeting. Campus Crusade for Christ, Winzer Commons, Medical School. 
7:30 pm - FUms. "Lenny", at 6:30 pm an episode of "The Prisoner", will be shown, 

" Lenny" will be shown again at 10 pm, Mandeville Aud. 

Saturday 
7:30 pm - FUms. "Alphaville" and "The Wind From the East", a16:3O pm an episode ofthe 
"The Prisoner" will be shown, program shown again at 10 pm USB 2722. 

11 :30 pm - Mass. Catholic Mass, University-Community Churcb. 

Sunday 
8:30 am - Worship. Catholic, University-Community Church also at 5 pm, student mass. 
10 am - Worship. Lutheran, University-Community Church "The Scientific M~thod of 

Doubting Thomas". 
12 noon - Worsbip. Episcopal, University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
6 pm - Dinner. Dinner and speaker on "Simone Weil", led by Fr. Bernie Campbell, North 

Conference Room Student Center. 
7 :30 pm - FUm. X-rated Movie, "Sex Thief" , Fourth College Cafeteria. 

-. 

... - . 

• 

~y,AprUlt,un. 

Concert Scene 

Trower, Corea Top Weekend Bill 
Robin Trower, one of England's premier guitarists, spearheads a 

concert at the Sports Arena April 23. 
Trower, formerly of Procol Harum, is rapidly ascending the ladder 

of superstardom. His guitar work forms the core of the Robin Trower 
Band, which also features bassist-vocalist James Dewar and drwn-
mer Reg Isadore. 

His latest LP "Robin Trower Live" contains material from his three 
previous releases, "Twice Removed From Yesterday," "Bridge of 
Sighs" and "For Earth Below." 

Trower states that "live playing is my medium. I enjoy playing my 
music in front of an audience more than anything else. What I want to 
do is to be able to carry that feeling into a studio and just jam, have a 
good blow, and capture it on record. " 

Appearing witb the Robin Trower Band will be Status Quo. 
Return to Forever featuring Chick Corea will be appearing April 24 

at Golden Hall. Corea's reknowned keyboard abilities highlight the 
band's performance. Supporting him will be bassist extraordinaire 
Stanley Clarke, guitarist AI Dimeola and drummer Lenny White. 

Robin Trower 

Other concerts slated for the upcoming weekend are Savoy Brown 
and the <llambers Brothers at Golden ·Ha11 April 25 and the Elvis 
Presley show at the Sports Arena April 24. 

Noon Concert 

Grace: A Local Band Puts Stress On 
Logical, Melodic Continuity 

I 
by Ted Navin Burke 

Normally, if a city spawns a number of bands with 
inclinations towards original material rather than the 
latest Top Forty mongering, it would be considered 
an indication of that community's personality. San 
Diego, though, has no personality inherent save for 
the general rootlessness born of transient proclivity. 
The creative musiCian, with little substance from the 
environs to feed from, must .ito outside the city's and 
occassionally the country's perimeters for in-
spiritional reference points. 

It becomes a matter of how well a group adopts a 
motif. Horsefeathers go for a Move-King Crimson-
ELO synthesis, Harlequin vie for Gentle Giant, Yes 
and Genesis (with smidgins of Deep Purple thrown in 
due to Rick Hilton's laser beam guitar work), and the 
Trix Band, now United States Monsters, seek to fuse 
the New York Dolls, early Kinks, and Blue Oyster 
Cult for the ultimate heavy metal noise. Eacb of these 
hands succeed to varying degrees. 

Grace, the band that gave the noon concert last 
Wednesday on Muir Commons also has this general 
derivation of style. Unlike the others, however, they 
have mastered the form and produced material that 
is almost the equal of their influences. Even though 
stylizations have been taken from Chick Corea, Yes, 
Gentle Giant, and others, Grace's material takes on 
an identity of its own. More than any other local band, 
their compositions place unconunon stress on logical, 
melodic continuity. 

Grace's intricate style avoids abrupt, intruding 
time changes, preferring instead subtle changes from 
passage to passage, rich hannonic interplay between 
rhythm section and soloist, and a use of repetition 
that precludes redundancy. Coupled with this is the 
band's seemingly unerring sense of knowing when to 
quit. A piece of music goes through its predestined 
and invigorating motions until a symmetrically 
correct conclusion is reached. Nothing is belabored, 
and no amount of riffing overstays its welcome. 

Comprising the band is Bob Schwartz on guitars, 
his brother Danny on bass, Paul Hilker on keyboards, 
Randy Brinton on violin, and John D'Agostino on 
percussion. Like Return to Forever, Grace demon-
strates a sixth sense in communicating its ideas to 
each other. The lead guitar work, though not "hot" in . 
the arbitrarily set criteria of speed, displayed a 
brilliantly rich tone and evocative phrasing, em-
phasizing golden sustains and tonal nuance over 
rapid fire note clumps. There was melancholic 
texturing from the violin, to which the keyboard 
would hammer out light fingered fills and variation 
finding patterns, while the bass and drums would 
probe for complementing off beats and cOntrapuntal 
surges. The same discipline would be maintained no 
matter who the soloist was. 

There are grounds for criticism, though. The 
singing, though strong, lacked a certain assuredness 
that makes an audience f~l welcome, and what 

Continued on Page 6 

Could you be 
a nuclear expert? 
(H sO,you could earn more than 
$500 a month your Senior year.) 

Even if you're a Junior engineering or 
physical ~ience major. irs not too early tei 
start thinking about your career. And if you 
think you·ve got what it takes to become 
an expert in nuclear power. the Navy has 
a special program you should look into 
right away. 

Why right away? Because if you're se-
lected. we·1i pay you more than $500 a 
month during your Senior year. (If you are 
presently a Senior, you can stili join the 
program.) 

What then? After graduation. you'll get 
nuclear training from the men who run 
more than 70% of the nuclear reactors in 
the country - Navy men. And an oppor-
tun ity to apply that training in the Navy"s 
nuclear-powered fleet. 

Only about 200 men will be chosen 
for this program this year. So. if you're in-
terested. call us. 

293-6lJlIlI 
Be someone special 
in the Nuclear Navy. 

A NAVY OFFICER INFORHATION 
WILL BE INTERVIE~lING AT THE 

PLACE.~tENT CENTER APR 20 

Page 5 

"Little Foxes" at Center Stage 
Pits Old South Against New 

by Alao Russell 
Arts Editor 

Opening night. 
Whether it be a high school or 

Broadway performance, there is 
always something exciting about 
that initial play. Last Tuesday's 
opening of Lillian Hellman's "The 
Little Foxes" at the Carter Centre 
Stage in Balboa Park was no ex-
ception. 

The last of ten plays featured in 
the Globe's American Bicentennial 
Season, "The Little Foxes" five-
week run culminates a season that 
has seen more than 100,000 people 
attend performances. 

The play centers around a family 
conflict between two brothers and 
a sister. Set in a small southern 
town at the turn of the century, 
" Little Foxes" has an underlying 
theme of " old" south versus 
" new," with the family opting for 
money over "white gentility," a 
factory instead of mint juleps. 

With the family consumed by a 
power struggle knowing no bound'!, 
blood seems about as thick as paint 
thinner ; the only thing keeping the 
family together is the fear of 
outsiders moving in and getting a 
" piece of the action. it Between the 

. family and inlaws there is physical 
abuse, mental cruelty , and finally 
murder-in a sense. The last act 
shows the extent to which a 
member of the family would go to 
gain power. 

The first act started slowly, with 
the performers unsure of their 
lines. However, after several 
minutes, the actors seemed to gain 
control of their movements and 
timing. By the third act everything 
was well under control. 

Two ex.cellent performances 
were delivered, one by Nina 
Midlam, the other by Jennifer 
Henn. Midlam, playing the part of 
Birdie Hubbard, a whimsical,. 
semi-alcoholic bubblehead, gave 
believability to this sad person's 
character and her nostalgic 
longing for lost happiness. 

Henn dominated the play as 

Regina Giddens. impressive in her 
statuesque " iceberg" pose and 
manner. Through Regina , 
playwright Hellman proves that 
the female is the more deadly of 
the species. Regina will not allow 
herself to be stopped in her pursuit 
to become something. 

Also doing a good job in their 
small roles as servants were 
Veronica K. Henson and Leonard 
C. Lightfoot. Henson was - solid 
throughout in her role of Addie, the 
faithful and knowing maid. 
Lightfoot delivered comic lines 
which helped to alleviate the 
heaviness ofthe play. 

For those who haven't been to 
the Carter Centre Stage, it's a 
beautiful little theatre in which 
every member of the audience has 
a good view of the stage. The 
theatre consists of four large rows 
situated in a four section rectangle 
around the stage. The sets are 
simple but effective, with the 
audience right on top of the per-
formance. 

College students should avail 
themselves of the opportunity to 
attend a performance. Tickets are 
only $2.75 with student ID, except 
for Frida~ and Saturday plays. 
Tickets should be purchased well 
in advance, as many performances 
are sold out. 

In these days when movies often 
cost four dollars, plays at Balboa 
Park are certainly worth the 
money. 

ANNOUNCEMENT S 
Fourth College " Rock of the 
Westgate" semi· formal dinner- • 
dance featuring Mot ion tickets will 
be on sale April 26 in the Fourth 
Provost Office from 1 to 4 pm . The 
price is $16 per couple. 

Nominat i on forms are now 
ava ilable for students interested in 
becoming members of the Third 
College CouncIl. 

&l.ttentioJt 
~uir Graduating 

~etl.ioi~ 
The Muir Graduation Comm ittee i~ looking fo r interested Muir 
graduating seniors to speak at Commencement, Sunday, June 13. If 
interested please subm it a short 1 page essay describing topic and 
content of -proposed speech to Bobtie Gray in the Mvir Dean's 
Office by Fr iday, Apri l 23. 

- - -

in a. !nr.c;uw concLt.t ('-Om cifa.wa.i£ 

on the gym steps 

Wednesday, April 21 

N<X>N 

come hear them & let us k!)pw if you like them 
..,/ 

452-4090 



Women's Ba k. .. 
protecting individua~' interests. 
McCoy was one of the few bankers 
offering the service il arshall, 
Texas, where she as vice-
president of a local bank before she 
came to San Diego. 

The Women's Bank also allows 
YOWlg people to open accoWlts 
without a parent's signature, 
provided that that the youth un-
derstands the terms of the tran-
saction. 

Also planned for the near future 
is a reception for high school and 
college newspaper editors to help 
familiarize the youth conununity 
with the services of the bank. 

Another special feature at the 
bank is a 6' by 6' "playpit," created 
by La Jolla designer Jain Malkin, 
which is intended to allow people 
with small children to visit the 
bank more conveniently. 

According to McCoy, "The 
Women's Bank is a non-
discriminatory bank, off~ring its 

• rl.oll ., nil'S 
services to men and women alike, 
encouraging the economic par-
ticipation and financial un-
derstanding of women on a parity 

with that available to men ... The 
bank intends to make a major 
effort to meet and serve the special 
banking needs of women." 

The Women's Bank is located at 
5353 Mission Center Road, San 
Diego. 

Grace. .. 
lyrics could be made out through 
the music's complexity sounded 
like rejects from Yes singer Jon 
Anderson's. Also lacking was 
significant stage presence. A 
musician hiding behind his in-
strument like a scared insect has 
an appeal, but the world doesn't 
need a band full of progressive 
Leonard Cohens. 

Monday, April 1', 1176 

But that's nit picking. Grace 
shows a potential to grow far 
beyond where they are now. The 
musicianship is first rate, the 
composing and arranging superb, 
and the band seems willing to try 
new things. Grace's potential, if 
audience tastes allow, appears 
stratospheric. 
Helicon, UCSD poetry journal, is 
now accepting original poems from 
students, faculty and staff for its 
spring 1976 issue. 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Aules and Rates 

Classlfleds should either be printed or typed on a 3" x 5" CMd (available 
in Triton Times office). They may be submitted anyti me between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p.m. 

The tollowlng rates are for 100 spaces -· If you use more spaces , the rate 
will double . (100 spaces ·- 25 cents; 101 to 200 - 50 cents). 

Personals ·- $1 
lost and Found -- free 
Other ads: students - 25 cents 
nonstudents - $1 

Deadlines: 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 ~m Monday for Wednesday; 4 pm 
Wednesday for Friday . 

Announcements: free . Ait announcements wil l run in the Monday 
calendar. Deadline for catendar : ~ pm Friday. 

(All additions or corrections to listings In the Schedule of Classes for 
regular University courses will be charged $1 ). 

fOR SALE 
2 man backpack tent. 5 Ibs. bathtub floor . 
vestibu le. fly. New S120, Used twice . $85 . 
453·7469 eve5.· (4119) 

Goose Down Bag-3 Ibs. fi ll extra long . 
waterproof stuff bag. excellent condition. 
S60 75frl020. (4119) 

1975 Honda 360T 2M crash & sissy bar disc 
brake clean $925 call Pete at 452-9740. (4121) 

4 sal~tenor sax: 5200. Barcus·Berry guitar, 
short cord wlpreamps 550. Mikestand & 
boom: S25. Ventura e. guitar $130 wlcase, 
cord. Shure PE·515 mphone swvl . case: $25. 
Olds trmpt .: $25. Twin bed frame: $25. Call 
Max 452·9973. (4123) 

Triumph 250. all new top end. new brakes , 
Dunlop K·70's , 50 mpg . 19" front whee l. 
$400 Bill 452-8844 . W21) 
71 VW bus. rebu ilt engine , xlnt . mech. & 
body . custom interior with bed. radial tires, 
$2700, 45~75B2. (4123) 

Surfing Longjohn excellent cond ., very 
reasonable 453·0924 . (4119) 

'69 Toyota land cruiser xlnt condition. low 
mileage . many accessories. 453-0387 Ikeep 
trying) (4/23) 
Mizu tan i super serap, 23" chromalloy frame . 
chromed lugs and tips, new tubulars. very 
clean! Bill 453-8844 . (4119) 

WANTEd 
Overseas jobs- Asia Australia , Atrica . 
Europe . Soulh Amenca . All occupations , 
5600-$2500. Invaluable experiences. Details 
25 cents . International Employmen t 
Research , Box 389347 . Seattle. Wash . 98125 . 
(4119) 

North county businessman seeking help In 
growing marketing and management 
business 744-6284 from 2to 5. (4119) 

Look ing for a good used backpack 10 take to 
Europe this summer. Call Margaret after 4:30 
at 27~3720. 14123) 

Addressers wanted immed,ately! work at 
home-no experience necessary·excellent day 
write American Service 1401 Wilson BIYd . 
SUI Ie tOl . Arlington VA 22209. (5 /12) 

r---NEWEUniiPEciiAnTER---l 
I I FOR UCSD ONLY (students , faculty. staif , and their immedlatd families) I 
1 ' 1 
: $435 June 19 LAX/PARIS 76 days I 
I Sept. 2 PARIS/LAX I 
I 1 
I CIEE ; 

· 1 Student I 
I Travel BILL KELLER & MARK DANA I 
1 UCSD INTERNATIONAL CENTER I Services OPENWEEKDAYSt2.4oopm I I '---.# 452.063..J0 
\-_-----------------KCBQ presents 

\ 
ROBIn 
ItlOWER 

FRI DAY APRIL 23 
SAN 01 GO 
srOB'lS AlINA:..:.:..' ~~ 

Subjects needed for phonetic experiment. 
For details, call or see Sue, pal 3126, ext . 
2537 . (614) 

• SERVICES 
Know how to play bass? Teach me so I can 
too. woutd love to learn to play. Will 
pay 11rade John 131 E. 5th Nationa l City (513) 

HIS & HERS hlarstyllng- hair cut. shampoo & 
blow dry $15 . With student card- $8. The 
Hairstylists 7463 Girard St. (behind Shirt-
tails) 459-8229. (5/ 14) 
LOOKING FOR A MORE REWARDING JOB 
THIS SUMMER? More pay and out ot state. 
459-4396 for interview. (4123) 

Revelle Side Door Is Tom Martin & Ken 
Graham on gullars Thur. nite 4-22 9 pm be 
there EVERY THURSDAY NIGHT. (4121) 

Custom grad announcements. wedding 
Invitations. Orig inal call igraphy at low cost . 
45~0387. (4123) 

Pro!. thes is typing . Quality work, great at 
charts & tables . Have electroniC , 
engineering, Greek symbols. located In 
Missi on Val ley. Don't wait to reserve time for 
your typing . Call Linda , ~3343. (4130) 

Typist. IBM term paper. thesis, dissertation, 
etc. editing , rush jobs . xerox 56Q.8171 . 452-
1588. (613) 

3 br. 2 ba. Playmor la Jolla townhouse, avail . 
June 15, part furn .. pat io, pool 454-1441 
(413O) 
Female roommate needed to share Del Mar 
apt , near beaCh . Call 75fr9471 - Claudia . 
(4123) 
Roommate needed: 2 br. apt. in Det Mar; own 
room. bathroom Pool . laundry. 5 ml. Irom 
UCSD 512511nc . util John 452·3466 . (4123) 
t rm '" duplex $1204-19-76 to 6-tfr76 Del 
Mar, 1 blk . to beach ca ll Dave or Steve eves. 
481 ,8549. (4126) 

Summer exchange faculty : large Berkeley flat 
2 + bedrm frnshd yd trplace near campus for 
slmitar San Diego area. J. Greenbaum 2501 
Woolsey . Berkeley. (513) 

TRAVEL 

Soviet Union student tour. 3 wk.: London · 
lennlngrad. Moscow, Kiev, Yalta, Tbllisl . 
Klzhi $749. 7/14·81 4. USC student travel. 
USC. LA . CA 90007 (213) 746·7581 . (4121) 

Don 't Delay Book by Phone New Flights to 
Europe (379+) South America (315+) the 
Onent ( 499+) New York (169) Hawaii (169) 
Long 01 w flights still availabte imll)ediate 
phone conlirmations call collect WestCoast 
Student Travel Counsel AVCO Center 10850 
Wilshire LA 90024 213475-6865. (614) 

Europe· lsrael·South America·Student flights 
year round ISCA 11687 San Vicente BIYd .4 
LA CA 90049. (213) 826-5669. 161 4} 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY. CIEE-
STUOENT TRAVEL SERVtCES. UCSD IN-
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
'2-4pm . 452-0630. (6 13) 
. 

ANNOONCEMENT 
Student assistants are needed for 
full ti me summer employment. 
There are 12 open ings allailable , 
with pay 1I0rying from $3-$3.50 per 
hour . Junior or senior lellel student 
preferred w i th experience or book 
knowledge in any of the follOWing : 
configuration management, 
mec hanica l engineering, business 
odminislralion, accounting , dolo 
and informal ion systems. If in-
terested, contact Opel in Bui ld ing B 
of Ihe Student Center second floor . 

lOST & fOUNd 
James Ott- We found your wallet. 755-4851 . 

Lost my wallet Wed. 4· 14. Wouid appreciate 
Its return Tom Conrad 436·1435. Thanks 
(4119) 

Lost- one pair of bifocat glasses with silver 
frame in brown case. If found please return to 
TT off . (41 t9) 

Found : womans sliver wristwatCh outside 
HSS 1100 Apr . 16. Calf Tom 27~251 1 must be 
abletol.D (4119) 

AI. tra . Jenny , Cheryl, linda, Mo,,';, Jackie . 
Hat . Mark. Beth. Joel . & Jav- Thanx lor 
everything! You Guys are great! -Brian (4121) 
D. Marty Watson : Danny· HI cules I How's 
Ali ce? Saw the Buckaroos the other night. 
M.H.D. (4/19) 

Revelle Side Door has for your listening 
pleasure live entertainment every Thur. nlte. 
Gel To It People. (412t ) 

The Muir-Dartmouth exchange 
program has recently been ex-
ponded to include fall quorter. Any 
interested students should contact 
the Muir Pra II ost office for further 
deloils. The deadline for filing for 
fall quarter is Fr iday, April 30. 

The Rellelle Food Co-op is open 
stocked with nuts, cheese, fruit , 
yogurt and soda come ond eat. 

" People Art " i n the Hl Gallery 
Monday through Friday from 12-5 
pm. 

WOMEN NEEDED 
FOR NAVY 

Are you a young woman between the ages of 19 and 25? 
If so you may qualify for over $250,000 worth of pilot training 

in the world's most sophisticated aircraft. 

No experience necessary. 
College seniors and grads apply now. 

All majors, no obligation. 

We also have many management opportunities for 
women in engineering and business. 

CONTACT THE NAVY OFFICER 
INFORMATION TEAM 

293-6ljllli 

\ " 

Moaday, April 1', 1171 

Sports: They Come and Go 
by Phil Hubbard 

Intercollegiate sports have 
beeri born, died out, and been 
resurrected rather frequently at 
UCSD in past years, and 1976 
seems to be continuing the 
tradition. 

Winter quarter marked the 
return of track to the campus 
after an absence of several years, 
but also witnessed the demise of 
wrestling. In addition, at least 
two new women's teams, soccer 
and crew, have begWl com-
petition this season. 

Sports generally disappear 
here from a lack of student 
participation. The wrestling 
team, however, was helped along 
by a number of external cir-
cwnstances. 

" A couple of years ago San 
Diego State, Point Loma, and 
USIU all dropped wrestling, " 
explained Pat Pinkerton, the 
team's former coach. "We were 
the only school left in the area 
and the nearest competition was 
a hundred miles away." 

Pinkerton, who originally came 
to this state from Colorado to 
wrestle steers in rodeos, joined 
the UC8D grounds department in 
1969 and assisted Chuck 
Millenbah with a squad that 
season. The following year he 
took over as head coach. 

The grapplers were fairly 
successful during the next few 
seasons. In 1973 they won the Cal 
Tech Tournament for the fifth 
year in a row. After that season, 
though, things started going 

Special Report 
attendance at practices fell . This, 
coupled with some eligibility 
problems caused Pinkerton and 
athletic director Judy Sweet to 
cancel the remaiuder of the 
season. 

"We're on a very tight budget," 
Sweet explained. " As a team 
dwindles in participation, the 
money goes elsewhere and the 
sport is dropped. " 

Pinkerton hopes the interest 
will revive, however, and is 
willing to coach next year "if we 
can get enough bodies." 

Demonstrating that a sport can 
return after being dropped for 
awhile, the track squad resumed 
competition this winter after an 
absence of several seasons. 

"Some students expressed 
interest, so we thought we'd try 
it again," said the team's coach, 
Andy Skief. 22 men checked out 
equipment, from which he ,hopes 
to build an active team of 12 or so. 

With such a small group, it was 
decided not to schedule any dual 
meets this season. In triangular 
meets and relays, he explained, 
the size of the team isn' t as 
crucial. "We're missing a few 
events," he conceded. As a result 
the squad would have to "give 
away" so many points that it 
would be difficult to make a good 
showing against a solitary op-
ponent. 

And with a return of track, 
women's crew and soccer have 

Golf's Pat Patrick (TT 
photo: Nathan Meyers) 

Many of them are neighborhood 
teams started by women who had 
children playing in the youth 
leagues, and some are sponsored 
by commercial businesses. There 
are no other colleges represented 
at present. 

The women's crew had its first 
taste of competition in the San 
Diego Crew Classic _ April 3. 
Jack Vallarga, who had coached 
a women's national high school 
champion boat before taking over 
the men's team here, began 
training the men and women 
together early this fall . 

" We ran mixed boats during 
the first half of the year," he said. 
"That's kind of a radical ap-
proach for crew." He added that 
this technique seems to be 
working weB, though. 

At present, the women's crew 
has only eight or nine rowers and 
a few coxswains, so they are 
limited to one boat. Vallarga 
hopes to expand in the future, 
however. Ideally, he wants boats 
in the light, heavy, open, and 
frash classes. 

Finding funds for ' these new 
athletic teams is usually a dif-
ficult task, but government 
legislation provided a shot in the 
arm for this year's newcomers. 
"With women's sports we can get 
money through Title IX to sup-
port these types of activities," 
explained Sweet. 

Track's Andy Skeif (TT photo : Sharon Roberts) 
Even money and student In-

terest, though, are not sufficient 
to get a team started. Naturally, 
a coach must be found 
somewhere. Ideally, they come 
from the existing physical 
education staff on a volunteer 
basis, however many are hired 
part time for the position from 
other departments or from the 
outside. 

downhill . Following the Cal Tech 
Tournament this January, the 
remnants of the team officially 
disbanded. 

The final dissolution was ac-
celerated by a District In NAIA 
ruling last November which 
required a wrestler to participate 
in at least three coftference 
matches in order to be eligible for 
the post-season championship 
meets. As the other schools in the 
conference were well to the 
north, and the team was on a 
tight budget , the required 
number of matches could not be 
scheduled. 

With the wrestlers now 
deprived of the opportunity to 
compete in the championships, 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
There are Iwo fa cu lty shows in the 
Mandevill e Art Gallery. The Apr i l 
exhibition includes work by 
N ewton Harrison, Ree Morton, 
Patric io Patterson and Jehanne 
Te i lhet. Gallery hours are from 12-5 
pm Sunday through Friday . 

Wrtling Clinic If you have difficully 
gell ing 'your id e a s down on poper 
or you Si mply wanllo i mprolle your 
writing sk,lIs, the Wrlf i ng Clinic can 
assisl you. Tho W riling Clinic is nof 
o closs but a free serv ice . Wrlflng 
odlilce is offered on a one- to-one 
baSIS on cou rse pope rs, resum s, 
proposals , sc holarly ar ticles, 
whal ver the ne d , If we can a ssist 
you i n any way , please come 10 Hl 
1254 or ca ll 452-2522 to mok an 
appOintment . 

already begun their initial season 
of competition and a women's 
softball team is plarmed for later 
in the spring. 

nan Rothmuller, who coached 
men's soccer here until three 
years ago and is scheduled to 
return to that post next fall, has 
directed the women 's team 
through the first half of its 
season. Although winless, the 
squad has three ties to its credit 
and the coach seems pleased with 
the players' progress. 

"Most of them had never 
played before," he said, " but 
they seem to be picking it up 
quickly." 

The group plays in a YMCA 
league with 10 or so other teams. 

Due to the school's low-key 
attitude towa rd competitive 
athletics, finding a coach can 
often prove difficult. The coach 
must understand that academics 
comes first and that class 
scheduling often makes regular 
daily practice impossible. 

" It 's kind of frustrating for 
them," Sweet conceded. "You 
have to be kind of a unique person 
to handle it. .. 

, 

Positions Now Available 
for Statewide Committees 

-Academic Ptenning and Program Revl_ 
Board" 
- Advisory Committee for lurnlng 
PASOurces 
- Admin/II ration Advisory Commltt .. on 
lneluslon .r .. , 
- THk Force on FIMneiat lid Information 

- Allirm.tlv. Action Advisory Commillee . 
- inter-C.mpul athletic Advisory Baird 
- Task Force or "Inanelal Aid Information 
- Academ ic "ena'. Commit". on 
EduClltlon.i Policy. 
- Advl,ory Committe. on tnstructlonat 
Improvement PrOllrlml 

Hav d"ect Input on leglslahon concernong 
YOUR educalion Cont t Deans offl S. 
Stud nt Cent r . or LObby Annex lor lurth , 
Informallon 

Deadline April 30 

Page 7 

Sports 
Notebook 

Memories Are 
Gone 

My fondest memories of little 
league baseball come in loud and 
clear: the parents arguing in the 
stands, striking out to lose a game, 
getting hit in the ribs by a thrown 
ball and immediately throwing 
up ... 

I also recall the inevitable home 
plate umpire, always in need of a 
shave, about 6 foot a, fat, gruff 
voice, and for some reason never ' 
happy. 

With the help of two UC San 
Diego women, that final memory 
may never be quite the same. 
Kathy McMillen and Geral Nordin 
have become little league umps. 

Two months ago the pair worked 
a UCSD practice game, then went 
on to Bob Moss' umpiring clinic. 

According to Moss, "They both 
were excellent. They didn't have a 
great amoWlt of experience, but 
they were interested and did a good 
job." 

Dave Eisen 

Just two weeks ago McMillen 
and Nordin did their fiI'st games 
for University City Little League, 
and have worked behind the plate 
as well as the bases. 

Geral Nordin, above, and 
Kathy McM illen are U .C . 
Little League ' s newest 
umpires. (TT photos: Bill 
Brooks ) 

" Of the two, McMillen has a litle more confidence because she has 
previously umpired intramural basketball and softball. Nordin keeps 
very good control of the game though, and she's really into umpiring, " 
Moss analyzed. 

I just don 't think that "Steeeerike" will ever sound the way it did in the 
old days ... 

Coming off an easy three-straIght-game win over UC Riverside, the 
Triton men 's volleyball team hosts an eight team field Saturday in their 
League Tournament. 

There will be three UC's (UCSD, UCR, UC Irvine), two Cal Poly's (San 
Luis Obispo and Pomona ) and three Cal State 's (Northridge, Fullerton, 
Dominguez Hills ) scheduled to perform in the main gym from 9 am to 10 
pm. 

For the'Tritons, it will be the last home appearance of the season, as 
well as Jeff Gorrell's last home coaching match. 

Though some momentum will be there, in the form of an easy victory 
Friday night (see Wednesday's TT), the competition will be tough, and 
the spectators should be treated to some high-quality, as well as free , 
volleyball action ... 

Later this year, Dave Horwitt could become the first UCSD student to 
be seeded first , in anything or anywhere, all season. 

The sophomore will be headed to the All-Cal handball tournament at 
Berkeley, and will probably be rated first in the pre-tourney pick~s. 

. Continued on Page 8 

,~_"'_IIII"'IIIIII""I""".II1I"III""IIIIII""'n'n"m"III"'''''''''''''''''"I-•. 
iC7~ UC c&m iLgo Campw. PwgUl.m !Boatd p.t£Un~ 
I 
5 A Special Evening of Foreign Films 
E 

I I ~~~,,~~:~~;:~~.~ Fo,,;," F"m 
- directed by Claude Lelauch (A Man and a Woman) i 1""'""111_,"'"'1","11"1',"11111_11111""'"111111111_"'111"_0'"_' , 

STOLEN KISSES 
direci d by Francoi Truffaul 

April 27, Tue dav , 7:30pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 
All ticket Slat UCSD Box Office L. ____ • ____________________ ~. 

. 



Pace. 

SCAR. .. 
out a strategy for defe g blacks 
and chicanos from ra J,t attacks. 
By corning to the m . g at 2 pm 
you will only begin ' show the 
widespread support of these 
students throughout the country, 
aNt the widespread disgust of the 
ever increasing racist ~ttacks. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Applications are now available for 
RA positions at M eso A partments 
for 1976-77. Referrals may , be 
p icked up at the St u d e nt 
Emp loyment Office. Deadl ine for 
arra ng ing interview s is A pril 21.' For 
more inf ormat ion, contact Rick 
Bayer at 452-2586. 

Helicon, the UCSD Poetry Journal is 
now accepting original poems from 
students, faculty and sta ff for its 
Spring 1976 issue. Include name, 
oddress, phone number and 
association w ith campus. No more 
than 4 poems / author . Send 
through campus mail code COO5 
c/ o Poetry Journal. 

Allention graudat i ng Reve11e 
Seniors: If you have not completed 
o graduation questionnaire, please 
drop by the Revelle Provost Office 
to vote for a' student speaker for the 
commencement ceremoney and 
for Outstand ing professors in 
M ath/ Science and Human-
ities/ Soc ial Science Departments. 
Be sure to vote by M ay 1 so your 
choices can be considered . 

COP1ES 
. 3 ~. 1111::" . 
... 012 LOcAT1OItI 

'lOll!. ........ ,na It. ~j'" .'.fJJ1.. 
RESEARCH 

FREE CA TALOG! 
Write or call for your copy of our 
latest catalog of o\ler 5,000 re-
search studies. These stud ies are 
deSigned to HELP YOU IN THE 

"'_, PREPARATION of: 

i 
.~ 

• Research Papers 
• Essays • Case StudIes 
• Speeches • Book Reviews 
WE AL.SO 00 CUSTOM WRITING 

MINUTE RESEARCH 
1360 N Sandburg . • 1602 
Chicago. illinOIS 60610 

312-337-2704 

COUNTBASIE 
OSCAR PETERSON 

JOE PASS 

Exclusively on Pablo Rec,J(cS ~ 
Distributed Exclusive! I t, ~ ~ 

nen 
CIO:THUrRE 

..... 1IAY2.8PM 
PAICES -$7.50. $6.50, $5.50 
Now on $II. at CiVIC boxoffice, all 
Tlcketron agencies, Sears and 
Ward stores. Mati orders accepted 
to C'v'c Theatre, 202 C SI. 92101. 
for Informalton phone 236·6510 

Jackson ... 
would decide between either a 
Republic or a Constitutional 
monarchy on the model of 
Belgium (with slighUy stronger 
powers than the Scandanavian 
and British monarchs have). 

Jackson said the question of 
whether Juan Carlos Borbon 
should be king should rest with 
the Spanish people. 

Even among many monar-
dusts, Juan Carlos is not ac-
ceptable (there are the Carlists 
and partisans for Juan Carlos' 
father, who opposed the in-
vestiture of royal power on Juan 
Carlos). Also. Jackson said the 
real power is concentrated in the 
hands of some of Franco's old 
cronies who occupy the im-
portant ministries. 

SUlll500 PoliUcal Prisoners 
" Personally. I would like to see 

Spain become a democratic 
country - and the chances are 
good with economic aid and 
cooperation," said Jackson. He 
said military aid would probably 
corrupt the government like it 
has wherever American military 
a ssistance has gone (citing 
Korea. and Taiwan as exam-
ples). 

Sports Notebook. .. 

Jackson said the economic 
slowdown that hit Spain in late 
1974 (because of the oil crisis) has 
made economic aid necessary in 
order to help maintain good 
conditions for democracy . 

Political freedoms -especially 
freedoms for the press- have 
increased slighUy in the last two 
years, according to Jackson. 
However. he said there are still 
1500 political prisoners and the 
real test for Juan Carlos will be 
whether he declares political 
amnesty. Until then he said any 
changes are merely cosmetic. 

As an example of the relaxing 
press control in Spain. Jackson 
pointed to Historia IDtemacional, 
a magazine which recently 
printed its first article by 
Jackson on a subject other than 
Medieval history, although he 
has published three books on the 
Spanish Civil War-his special 
field of study. 

However, Jackson said the 
editor of the magazine was 
recently mugged by Spanish 
Rightists for his views. He said 
that the only thing encouraging 
about this incident was that it 
was published in the Spanish 

Horwitt was dropped in the 1975 finals by Berkeley's John Wong, who 
has since moved on. This year Horwitt expects some of his competition 
from others at Berkeley and UCLA. 

Coach John Cates is holding-team try-outs to see which three players. 
other than Horwitt, will make the trip in the middle of May. 

In the pros: San Diego's World Team Tennis Friars open up with an 

newsmagazine Camblo 16, while 
in the Franco days the incident 
would have been hushed up. 

Republican emigres still must 
take their chances if they return 
to Spain but most non-
Communists may come back 
freely. However, Jackson said 
the government is trying so far 
unsuccessfully to isolate the 
Communists . from the other 
political opponents. 

Mainstays of ReacUon 

Economically , Jackson 
believes the Spaniards are better t 
off than the Portuguese. before 
Portugal began its political 
turmoil. He said the Spanish 
army does not want to govern 
Spain and will be less of a factor 
than the Portuguese army has 
been in recent months. 

Jackson said that one of the 
most encouraging aspects of the 
Spanish political scene is the 
attitude of the Catholic church. 
which has become far more 
liberalized in recent years than 
the rest of Spain's ruling elite. 

Mo""y, AprU D, 1I'7t 

He said t:le church has become 
sympathetic to the separatist 
movements and the growing 
trade-union movement. 

The separatist question still 
continues to plague Spain (note 
the recent violence in the Basque 
country and the increased 
agitation in Catalonia). Jackson 
said that the problem can be at 
least temporarily defused if those 
regions were granted autonomy 
similiar to that enjoyed under the 
Republic in the 19305. This would 
probably co-op the terrorists, 
Jackson believes. 

Jackson said that the Foreign 
Relations Committee is generally 
favorable to the proposed treaty. 
Chairman John Sparkman (0 -
Alabama ) wondered why 
hearings were being held at all. 
Sen . Clifford Case (R-New 
Jersey) was aware of the 
problems, according to Jackson. 
but has probably already made 
up his mind on the matter. 

Apri128 exhibition against Los Angeles in the San Diego Sports Arena. 
Headed by Rod Laver and not much more. the Friars recently sent last 

season's star, Vijay Amritraj, to the Strings, in a deal that few will un-
derstand. Possibly the answer lies in the fact that both teams have, or 
have had for most of the Friars year-and-a-half in existence, the same 
general manager, Bart Christianson. 

So much for credibility ... 

, 
• 

." 


