
Hearing Officer Robert Lugannani looks lost amid the students who took over hearings for 
ten UC San Diego students Wednesday The students, chanting anti -CIA slogans 
demanded that the hearings be opened to everyone. (TT photo : Bill Brooks) 

Local Lobby Finances Questioned 
Reg Fee Committee, Q)op Examine Fund Use for Trips . 

by J ames G. Soto 
City Editor 

Has the UC San Diego student 
Lobby annex made wise and 
correct use of student funds 
allocated ' to it? Has th~ annex 
succeeded in providing UCSD 
students with an effective voice to 
local legislators and the UC lobby 
in Sacramento? 

These questions are the subject 
of the two-part series in the Triton 
Times. Financial questions con-
cerning the annex are· di~tJ8Sed 
today, while lobby annex activities 
will be covered Monday. 

••• 

The annex's activities were 
brought to the attention of the 
Student Cooperative and its 
BudgeUResource Group (BRG) 
recently when it was learned that 
annex directors Steve Switala and 
Maia McGhee took a five-day, 1519-
mile trip up and down the state to 
conduct " lobby business" in 
,January. 

Two weeks ago the BRG decided 
to freeze the annex budget'pending 
further investigation and 
discussion of the organization. The 
money was frozen after UCSD 
Student Body Presidents' Council 
co-repr esentative Fred Speck 
brought the trip to the attention of 
theBRG. 

Directors' Meetings Only? 
The annex trip, which cost 

$232.66, has been questioned by 
Coop members because the annex 

-directors did not ·attend 1l lobby 
directors meeting. According to 
BRG guidelines, lobby annex 
directors may only take trips to 
statewide meetings ot the UC 
Lobby Annex directors. 

On the requisition form for a 
university vehicle, Switala said 
that the purpose of the trip was to 
attend " SBPC member 
discussions, collective bargaining 
(discussions) and Student Lobby 
organization." Switala told the 
Triton Times yesterday, that 

Panelists at Wednesday's ERA Debate (I-r) : Rita Miller of 
STOP ERA, moderator Kirstie Wilde of KGTV, and Judy 
D iGennaro, pro-ERA attorney. (TT photo: Nathan Meyers) 

ERA Assailed, Defended 
a~ Debate Wednesday 

by Robin DeRieux 
Staff Writer 

The Equal Rights Amendment 
(ERA) was both denounced as 
" irresponsible" and defended as 
:'a fundamental right" at a debate 
10 the Revelle Cafeteria Wed-
nesday night. 

The debate, moderated by 
Channel 10 newscaster Kirstie 
Wilde, was between Rita MiUer, 
research chairwoman of California 
Stop ERA, and Judy DiGennaro, a 
San Diego attorney and advocate 
of the amendment. 

.It was sponsored by the UC San 
Diego Feminist Coalition. 

The amendment under question 
reads, "Equality of rights under 
th law shall not be denied or 
abridged by the US or by any State 
on account of sex." 

Mille r objects to the ERA ~cause "equal legal respon-
Sibilities for men and women is a 
forel n Idea not part of our 

traditions," and because its 
passage would disrupt- the strong 
family unit that she considers "the 
backbone of America." 

She also opposes the amendment 
on the grounds that states already 
have laws protecting women 
against discrimination. 

In addition, she tenned the ERA 
" uncertain" (it covers too broad of 
an area), " irresponsible" (it af-
fects too many already established 
laws) and "undesirable" (it would 
mar the basic structure of the 
family). 

DiGennaro denied Miller's 
assertion that already existing 
laws which eroteet against 
discrimination are sufficient. 

She favors passage of the' 
amendment because It would: 

-"give us some kind of coherence 
in evaluating what we want to do 
under state laws;" 

-"finally prove that in this 

Continued on P.,~ 3 

during the trip in question he 
talked to various members of the 
SBPC about abolishing the council, 
to various groups about collective 
bargaining for state employees, 
and the need to reform the student 
lobby. 

Switala said that during the trip. 
copies of coop member Marco Li 
Mandri 's position paper on the 
SBPC and UC Student Lobby also 
distributed. In his paper, LiMandri 
calls for the abolishment of the 
SBPC. 

Switala contends that the BRG 
allocation was a misun-
derstanding. Originally his request 
ca lled for funds to cover general 
" lobby business" rather than lobby 

Continued on Page 3 

Tough Issues 
Face Del Mar 
Voters Tuesday 

by Sara Lowen . 
Community Editor 

[This article is the first in a two-
part series on next Tuesday's 
election in Del Mar. Part one deals 
with the referendum on the 
community plan and the proposed 
recall of Del Mar City Councilman 
John Weare, while part two will 
cover the seven candidates for 
three city couneil seats.] 

The revisions in the proposed 
community plan were made last 
month by a city council appointed 
committee to reflect Del Mar 
voters' view of the plan, as 
determined in a Nov. 25 poll on the 
proposal. 

As a result of committee 
revisions, the plan no longer 
contains provisions for a loop trail, 
density bonuses and restriction of 
the size of the commercial district. 

Six Goals 
In its present form, the plan 

consists of six goals designed to 
maintain the natural environment 
and village atmosphere of Del 
Mar. The goals are : 

-to adopt a specific program to 
preserve and acquire open space; 

-to minimize the impact of the 
automobile on the city by 
redesigning Camino del Mar, 
building bikeways and en-
couraging the Implementation of 
local transit and mass transit 
systems; 

-to preserve Del Mar' village 
onlinued on Page 3 

An unidentified member of the Anti-CIA coalition exhorts 
students who disrupted Wednesday's hearings as Th ird 
College dean Dan Munoz looks on helplessly. 

Anti-CIA Rally Disrupts 
Whitehill Testimony 

Demonstrators May Be Disciplined 
by Mark Stadler 

News Editor 

Wednesday afternoon's student disciplinary hearings were disrupted 
and ended in confusion as 100 chanting demonstrators invaded the 
recreation gym conference room. . 

Hearing Officer Robert Lugannani immediately adjourned the 
hearings, which are scheduled to resume Wednesday morning at 10. 

The disruption came after students assembled outside the main gym to 
rally in support of the ten charged students. The rally had been timed to 
coincide with President Saxon's visit to UC San Diego to testify in the 
hearings. 

However, that morning Saxon had phoned to say he was unable to 
appear as scheduled. He told Milton Gordon, the university lawyer a t the 
proceedings, that he had to prepare for a state Senate budget hearing 
Thursday. 

(The hearings are quasi-judicial in 'nature ; no one can be fo rced to 
testify . ) 

Possible Off-Campus Move 
Yesterday Chancellor McElroy iss ued a statement saying he has not 

made a decision concerning the possibility of moving the hearings to a 
location off-campus. Wednesday night Vice-chancellor and Dean of 
Students George Murphy had told reporters the hearings would be 
moved, but McElroy said yesterday he is " rethinking" the question. 

A decision will be announced Monday after Murphy returns from an 
administrators conference in Berkeley . 

McElroy said " measures will be taken to insure there will not be a 
repeat performance," and added that it is a " distinct possibility" that 
disciplinary action will be taken against some of the participants in 
Wednesday's disruption. 

The hearings themselves took a back seat to the afternoon's events. 
Deputy Vice-chancellor of Student Affairs Rick Whitehill was still on the 
stand for his third ~ay of testimony as students' attorney Peter Schey 
questioned him about the events on the gym steps during the question and 
a,nswer period with Saxon Nov. 25. 

Before Whitehill resumed his testimony, a video tape was shown of the 
question and answer session. Schey said the tape was necessary to 
provide hearing officer Robert Lugannani with an overview of the day 's 
events and to establish the emotional state of the crowd at the gym. 

The tape, Schey said, would establish that Saxon's answers to student 
questions-answers Schey characterized as "hostile, arrogant, 
provocative and non-responsive"-provoked an "emotional response" 
from the crowd. 

Rally Outside Gym 

While testimony was taking place 200 people assembled on the grassy 
knoll outside the main gym for a scheduled rally in support of the ten 
charged students. The people there head several speakers from the Anti-
CIA coalition condemn CIA activities and alleged ties between that 
agency and UC. 

At that gathering, one representative of the coalition told the assem-
blage they should protest the hearings and call for them to be opened to 
the public. A main complaint of the charged students has been that the 
hearings are only " quasi-open," because only 50 observers were allowed 
in at one time. 

Hearing Officer Robert Lugannani (teft) confers wit~ 
students' attorney Peter Schey (middle) and UC coun el 
Milton Gordon (right) after 100 student di rupted Wed-
nesday afternoon's disciplinary hearings . (TT pho 0 : Sharon 
Roberts) 

e3 

I 



Pap! 
I 

Lette!Sl to the &ltor . 
Good Drives Out the Bad 

Last 'week, 34 distinguished 
professors wrote an open letter 
expressirti the opinioo that the 
studera who heckled, shoved and 
spat on President Salloo " ... were 
the defenders of academic freedor,n 
at the time of President Saxon s 
visit." They imply that there are 
times when even the codes of free 
speech should be cur~~lIed, 
especially when the OPPOSition. is 
attempting to defend something 
outrageous. . , 

1 am reminded of Paul Scofield. s 
portrayal of Sir Thomas More m 
the film A MaD For A~ SeasODS. 
Forgive the inaccuraCies, bu~ I 
believe the scene went something 
like this : More's son-in-law urges 
him to arrest a rogue who is cer-
tain to betray More's past kind-
nesses and help the king in his 
nefarious plans. More answers; 

More: But he has broken no 
laws! 

SL: He is the devil ~elf! 
Eliminate him by virtue of a higher 
law! 

More: So to catch the ~vil you 
would tear down every la,,: t~t 
stands in your path to get at hlID . 

SL: Yes! 
More : And what will you do when 

you are finished, and .all the laws 
brought down, and there on the 

empty plain your quarry tu~ 
round on you; when the real deVIl 
laughs and you have no law to put 
your own back agalmt.... wher., 
will you turn in the cold wmd that 
will blow on that day? ! 

No ... I give the devil benefit of 
law for my own safety's sake! . 

There is a fundamental dif-
ference between civil disobedience 
and the kind of outrage conunitted 
on Saxon and the University. Both 
are forcefLll demonstrations of 
frustration with an injustice that 
due process seems unable to cope 
with. Both involve breaking the 
law. However, there the similarity 
ends. 

Civil disobedience is a ca~ul 
manipulation of the establ~h­
ment's unjust laws to ~ke Its 
enforcement so embarrassmg and 
impractical that the powers-that-
be are forced to change ~e~. The 
essence is to use a nation s good 
laws to protect oneself ,:,hile 
breaking the bad ones. Ghandi ~as 
expert at this. Martin Luther K10g 
used civil disobedience to shake 
the conscience of the country. 

He willingly paid the legal 
penalties for the laws he broke 
because in so doing he demon-
strated their stupidity, his moral 
superiority, and most importantly, 

his love and beUef in law itself, 
while opposing certain laws. He 
took punistunent proudly. It was a 
wellspring of his effectiveness. . 

I cannot see the Sallon Ten domg 
the same. Their actions were in ~ 
finest tradition of Crystal Nacht. 
Like the French students in the 
May uprising, their only ac-
complishment was to alienate 
possible allies and destroy all 
movement toward compromise, by 
violating ooIy those laws which 
protect them and which others hold 
most dear. 

It certainly is arguable ·whether 
or not all CIA ties should be cut. 
Certainly they should be if major 
reforms aren't made. I can un-
derstand those students' 
frustration with the pace of the 
academic debate ... even their need 
to do something forcefull, even 
illegal, to ~ring home their point. 

Protestors should learn that 
protest without dignity is, in the 
long run, suicide. It doesn't do any 
good to hide behind the good laws 
you have scorned while leaving the 
bad ones alone. 

If you want the Man to cha~e 
his ways, make him look fool1sh, 
oot like a martyr. If you want to 
survive, give the enemy the benefit 
of those laws that save your own 
neck. 

G.BRIN 

Pre-Med Student Lauds Counseling Services 
ff h did not have a number of students placed into As a senior pre-medical student, of he.ro Ice .w. 0 GPA B medical schools by UCSD (way 

I would say that the pre-med spe~lfled mlDlmu~ ts she af- above the national average) a~­
counseling services at UCSD serve talking to the~e ~tu e~ ation for tests to the effectiveness of this 
an important function in ~res~n- tempted t? eva u.a .e m~vvaluations type of program. 
ting needed and essential In- a career 10 medlc1O~. n.unction I believe it is important to point 
formation for the s.tudent W~[~ ~ad~o~!~[t~~ c~i other out that it is not essential to maj~r 
preparing to undergo the rlgor.ous WI . in a scientific field in order to gain 
process of applying to medical prt~S:~?:Wl:~1 that the pre-med entrance to medi~al sc~ool. Majors 
schools.. d ling program at UCSD is in any of the soc1al SCiences, arts, 

Mrs. Parks served pre-me counse is a necessar or humanities serve well to orient a !~~d~~n~ll;a::s!~~rv~~~~ ~~~;;l~~~~va~~ation, ~nfO!"1ll8ti?~ student towadr~ n:1s h::rsf~~~~ 
.. . f .. change and prevlew10g In- concerns an 

and their qualiflcatio~ or gammg ex. 'hni ues in a somewhat human beings. Indeed, once you 
entrance. into a medical SChlool.! ~rv~:te~atm~Phere. I think the enter medical school, you will 
don't believe she threw peop e ou SlID never have a chance to study these 

C;ay Students Offer Support ' 
To The UCSD Gay Community, 

" he UCSD Gay Students 
AsiOciation (GSA) was formed at 

thl~ beginning of winter quarter 
19'·5. We then had an active 
membership of about 50, providing 
needed gay community services 
such as a well staffed gay hotline 
(452--3931), office in the Student 
Center, and sponsoring dances, 
dinners, and discussion groups. 

However, beginning this fall an 
increased lack of participation in 
our organization has reduced our 
active membership to about five. It 
would be very unfortunate, if, after 

fighting for existence for so long· 
and ·setting an example for the 
newly formed Gay Student Unions 
at State and Grossmont, we are 
forced to disband due to lack of 
support from our own community. 

If you wish to see us continue to 
exist it is important that you attend 
our next meeting : Revelle 
Informal Lounge, Tuesday March 
2, 7 pm. This is most important, we 
need all of our support and par-
ticipation to adequately serve as. 

JAMIE STEWART 
JPANDBOB 

UCSDGSA 

subjects, in depth, again. . 
So if one is not interested 10 purs~ing a research ori~te.d 

career after medical school, It IS 
not essential to spend one's u~ 
dergraduate years studying' the 
more esoteric aspects of biology 
and chemistry. One can spend such 
time delving into. various aspects 
of human culture, personality, 
social organization, literature· and 
art. 

During my interviews for 
medical school, I discussed an-
thropolgy, my undergradua.te 
major at UCSD. I .sensed. real 1n-
terest by my interviewers 10 what I 
had to say about the social milieu 
of the Swat Pathans or the 
determinants of aggression in a 
group of Yanomamo Indians. . 

Since I \fill be studYlDg 
biochemistry, physiology, im-
munology, and the like for the next 
four years, I can truly say that my 
undergraduate studies in an-
thropology were invaluable. 

SCOTI A. RUBIN 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
For a II you lonely Sci -Fi freaks 

looking for a sympathetic ear, the 
Contemporary Issues Department is 
offering classes in science fiction . 
Contact the deportment in HSS 2024 
for more information. 

• ri.on .1 nll-S 
UC San OIeaf) 

FrIday, Febraary!'7,lI'1I 

he Communlcaliona Board of UCSO .. Ihe ofllcl .. 
The Trllon TI..- I. recognized by I .~~ .... WecI ....... - • .,d FrlcNy. during Ihe 
"-I ..... per Publication" on -.oou ,0, -, 

lIu_, new,... . on oIIlel" hollcNy.) . Edllorlal ~ buetne .. 01l1eM ... 
regular .chool y- t~~tl I I~ Revelle College CIIIIPUI. UnI .... ky of California, San located In 117 81 .... "" on , .. 
DIego. Inion columns are welcomed . Alieubml""lona .hould be 

Leners 10 lhe Editor .,d OP Th should nol .. ceec:t Ihree peg .. In 
Iyped on • 7.·SPIC~ln·The°n Tr;::~~;=: ie:-~ I:'tght 10 edit aubmleslonl because tehglh double-spa""". 
0' space IImllalions or .Iyle requlreme",l . I I adY8rllsements c"I.~.3468. 

For editorial . ~1452·3468: 'orbu.lnessand d ap oy • 
Enll,ecOfllenls copy,lghtl97e, TritOfl TIm • . 

Scheduling Solution: 
Third College's Completion 
Don Strebel has correctly pointed out that the class sched~g 

roblems are in large part due to a classroom shortage, but 1 do n~ think 
h.e solution is to put the small, departmental conference rooms Into. the 

classr~~ f: !~~~g=he mentioned, 3218, 421~, 5218,6218 and 7218 
rC::.u surrounded by faculty and research staff offices. Work would be 

a. b la use of these rooms as classrooms. 
ru:;r:::::, f~e~e:ded (and present) use of ~~ COpanf~~::t::S~:~ 
graduate seminars, advanced degree exams an e 

w~~d ~ ~~~:r::ath~e too smaIl to make much of a dent in the r:eal nee:f~or 'classroom space on campus. The ooly satisfactory solution, 
unfortunately a long range one, is to get Third College completed to take 
the pressure off the rest of the campus. DR. JAN SIREN 

RESEARCH SCIENTIST 
APIS DEPARTMENT 

This Year's Bowie 
Just Not Up to Last Year's 

It is difficult to understand the overwhelmingly positive reviews given 
David Bowie's current tour. , . ed . 

The "Diamond Dogs" tour of 1974 could ~~ have been lmpr~ up~n, 
that was Bowie and Co. at their best. BoWie 8 ~werful, emfo~ vo: 
and Ii uid movements coupled with a large, diverse ban an mo 

tti i props created a stirring atmosphere that Will ':lever IM: equalled. ~ve:y song was perfonned with a feeling and aura whlClt captl.vated and 
overtook the audience. . j d rk .t 

During "Sweet Thing," you were there tasting the fog Ul a a" CI y 
street. You felt Major Tom drift off from earth towa~ the end of Sf~ 
Oddity." Bowie's relaxed pace, the extrava~ant settings, the length ? 
show (2J,2 hours), and the size of. the band displayed the effort spent m the 
production of the tour. the ta 

This time out the swiftly executed music 'was. as barredn ~ s. ggely· '. strl ped of emotion lind rna e Ul seemm 
. The songs were Just ... songs, P nd I had a chance to display 

m t lyrics The band was too loud a rare y of 
ftS:lf: The lighting, all white, served the colorless event well: :~ ~~t 
the songs and concert a.s a whole seemed~xtre,:~ :~ioyable (yes: 
his slower songs were his best. I sUpPQS41 e con rts 
Bowie seemed to have a good time), but then so are most cooce . man 

The divine figure of two years ago was ~en~y exposed as a ~ fun 
named Bowie-whi~ isn't necessarily ~~ ~ is S~~n r::;~layed 
Where were the critics two years ago. ve 0 
reviews of "Diamond Dogs"? · STEVE MORTON 

Wi Iderness Class Still Open 
. Id f the "The Last week 8 section orientation meeting was he or course'of the 

Wilderness and Contemporary Mar ~e::!~gDr~~~y next 
Contemporary Issues Departmen. cti tudents 
quarter's discussion leader:s in .order to inform prospe ve s 
about the sections offered thIS spnng. of f culty 

The Wilderness class was begun four )'ears a~o by 8 ,gro~. a
h

· to 
and students at Muir College. The cou~ deals :::;::t ~iP= I~he 
his natural envirorunent throu.~ ~ WI~ects:e series on Tuesday~ and 
main body of the course CODSIS a hi h will be used for 
Thursdays as well as a seminar on Wednesdays w c 
lectures, films, discussion of readin~, an~ talks on su~iva~ and sa~~~ 
techniques in preparation for the reqUlred five day packmg trip at the 
ofthe quarter. . . sect· hich In addition to the guest lectures, there are dISCUSSion IOns, w 
deal with a particular area of wilderness invol~ement, such .8.8 al~;d 
native lifestyles, natural history, consciousness, literature, pohtics, 
actual wilderness skills. . . . the Iy 

As of this week there are still operungs 10 the course, however, .on 
way to become enrolled is to talk directly ~o a ~ussion lea?er - el~~ 
by calling him or by going to a schedule~ mtervlew ~nd adding the c in-
through the discussion leader. Descriptions of sections and c0:Jse'the 
terview times, and phone numbers ~ discussion leaders are post on 
door of the Contemporary Issues ofhce, HSS 2024. LYNN HUNTSINGER 

M.rJoWoetbe, 
Managing edi tor 

M,rII St..tler 
New. editor 

Craig Uchida 
Orllnton edi tor 

SorI J . lo_ 
CommunityedilOf 

Oave EI.en 
S"o,,, "di lo ' 

John H . Toylor 
Editor -in-chle l 

J.m .. G. Solo 
Cllyedl l or 

N ..... n ... ,. .. 
Photo ed lIor 

Kenzll Nicoli 
Buslne .. manager 

0.,,101 S"._ 
A'l u dllor 

Wondybgle 
Ofltee maneger 

BOBWOQLF 

Friday, February 27, 1978 

Del Mar ... 
atmosphere by maintaining low 
residential density, strengthening 
height controls and insUring the 
availability of moderate-cost 
housing; 

-to preserve the economic in-
tegrity of the city by insuring that 
commercial growth there is 
compatible with protecting the 
environment and the community 
plan; and 

appointment. 
The reasons given for the recall 

by its initiators are that Weare 
deprived citizens of the right to 
vote on the community plan, has 
shown fiscal irresponsibility on the 
council, has failed to implement 
open spaces and has constantly 
ignored the people. 

Weare responds to the charges 
against him by saying that, 
through his support· of the 11-
question poll on the community 
plan, he allowed voters more input 
than a yes-no vote on a referendum 
would have. 

the results of that poll. 
Weare's recall movement is 

largely a response to his op-
position, along with council 
members Richard Rypinski and 
Tom Shepard to holding a 
referendum on the community 
plan. 

The organizers of the recall drive 
say that they would have included 
Rypinski and Shepard in the recall 
if their terms did not end this 
March. Weare's term is not up 
until 1978. -to assure partiCipation in city planning by developing procedures 

facilitating citizen participation in 
any update of the community plan. 

Proponents of the plan argue 
that it reflects the views of Del Mar 
voters on land-use issues, as 
determined in the Nov. 25 poll. 

D. A. Stickle, a Del Mar resident 
who wrote the ballot argument 
against the plan, argues that the 
plan is weak in its provisions for 
low density housing in the north 
beach area and that a higher 
density in the area would provide 
more residents with hOUSing by the 
beach and increase the city's real 
estate tax income. 

Wea re said the other cha rges are . 
totally false. " They're phony 
issues, in that an attack on my 
philosophy of land use is not a valid 
reason for recall." 

Four Del Mar residents began 
Circulating the petition to recall 
Weare shortly after the vote on the 
referendum. The petition was 
submitted to the city clerk last 
November, who found the number 
of valid signatures eight less than 
the required number. 

Election or Appointmeot 
The proposal to recall Weare 

asks whether Weare should be 
recalled and, if so, whether he 
should be replaced by election or 

Hearings. .. 

Both referendum and recall 
proposals are COMected to battles 
over the community plan that 
began when the council approved a 
revised version of the plan in May 
1975. 

In June 1975, Del Mar citizens 
submitted a petition to the council 
calling for a referendum on the 
plan. The council recalled the plan, 
then voted against holding a 
referendum on it, chOOSing instead 
to conduct a poll on eleven aspects 
of it, which was held Nov. 25. 

The plan's present form reflects 

Following a psuedo-pantomime by coalition members depicting illega) 
CIA activities 100 people marched on the rec gym conference room, 
chanting "Off-campus CIA." Arriving there, some took a gate off its 
hinges and others climbed over the fence. The crowd nearly filled the 
courtyard outside Ute conference room. 

Inside the room Lugannani ordered the doors locked, but one of the 
charged students, Marco LiMandri, held a dooe open and the students, 
still chanting and clapping swarmed inside. 

At this point Lugannani gathered his papers and said, "I think U's best 
we adj ourn. " 

"Dlegal Assembly" 
After that administrators looked on helplessly as the students filled the 

room. Third College Dean gan Munoz called for the students to leave, 
advising them that it was an "illegal assembly" and ordering them to leave. • _ 

Atter. ~e ,chan~ died ciown, .. anAitti:CIA, coalition representative 
asked administrators if the studen s coUld stay AAd .~atc~ . Other students demande4a.la~ger room. .- -

The circulators were given one 
month to get eight more valid 
signatures for the petition which 
they did, adding the recall proposal 
to the March ballot. 

Both the recall and the 
referendum require a Simple 
majority to pass. 

ERA. .. 
coun try we are not in the business 
of oppressing people on account of 
their sex;" and 

-"give us a uniform standard" to judge by. 
She added, " We 're talking about 

a constitutional analysis of fun-
damental rights ." 

Miller countered, " I'm for 
women 's rights, but I do not favor a 
women's rights amendment ... 
You don 't need an ERA to work 
and support yourself, or to set 
different patterns in the home. " , 

Low 
Blows 
aDd Cheap 

by Edw.ud Simons Shots 
WHICH 
CONDOM 
SHOULD 
lUSE? 
The choice of the right 

condom ("rubber") Is not a 
decision to be made lightly . 
You have to choose the one 
that's right for you . Period. 
When you finally decide on 
what you need-·be It lubricated, 
unlubrlcated. corrugated, steel-
belted or whatever . . Mr. 
Condom , on Convoy St. In San 
Diego, has It. In bales. We also 
make our own, custom-fitted 
for the ultimate In sensitivity, 
protection and nair , in a variety 
of colors. Come In for a free 
sizing. But come. 

Located in a discreet, plain 
brown bUilding at 9999 Convoy 
St. 

Mr. 
Condom. 

where the rubber meets the choad. 
In response Munoz said that the sign-up procedure allowed for an open 

hearing. 
After the students left LugaMani said it was '·'unfortllnate we couldn't 

continue," but that he did not intend to change procedure because of the 
disruption. 

The two women were sharply 
divided on their views concerning 
the effect ERA would have on 
children and family life. According 
to a publication of the " California 
Commission on the Status of 
Women" referred to by Miller, 
passage of the amendment would 
eliminate .laws still existing in 
some states that require male 
support of the wife. student Lobby. . . 

Lugannani said he would not move the hearings, nor seek increased 
security or disciplinary action against the disruptive stUdents. He was 
later over-ruled by Murphy and McElroy. 

The two lawyers disagreed on their reaction to the disruption. Gordon 
called the action "totalitarianism" and said "It's unfortunate we were 
prohibited from continuing a fact-finding session to find out what really 
happened on Nov. 25." 

. Could Have Beeo Avoided 
Schey, on the other hand, said, "If this were a truly open hearing" the 

disruption could have been avoided. He added that the action seemed to 
be the student's response to their feeling that the charged students " are 
being marched through the hearings without due process." 

McElroy tenned the disruption an " intolerable experience that must 
not happen again." He said that UCSD officials have been " tolerant 
enough" and promised " prompt disciplinary action" in the event of 
another disruption. 

[J ~ BJw~ G%Jamr 
\h~~ ~~ V'"'-~ 

<WWD0W~B~~ 
... 

"Women would have no basic 
right to support," Miller said " and 
1 don 't want to see women lose 
their right to bear their children." 

DiGennaro replied, " Who says 
that women have a right or an 
obligation to raise children?" 

She stressed that equality for 
women. should not mean that 
females should have the same 
right to ignore their children as 
men, but that society should be 
restructured so that both men and 
women take responsibility for the 
raising of children. 

Miller reiterated her point that 
change should be " orderly . 
natural" and not mandated. 

directors' meetings exclusively. 
In addition to the January trip by 

Switala and McGhee, the Coop and 
BRG has questioned a trip taken by 
three annex members to 
Sacramento in early February. 

Only Two Persons 
Switala, McGhee and Marco 

LiMandri attended the meeting at 
a cost of $70 per person. According 
to BRG guidelines, only two per-
sons were budgeted to attend. The 
expenditure of $70 for LiMandri 's 
expenses is currently under 
question. 

The Chancellor'S Advisory 
Committee on Registration Fee 
Programs is also investigating the 
activities of the annex. 

Bob Simon is conducting the 
investigation for the reg fee 
committee, which for the first time 
is acting as an official super-
visorial body for student funded 
activities. 

Simon said that his investigation 
has found there is some problem as 
to what is a legal or ilJegal ex-
penditure of lobby annex funds . In 
addition to investigating the 
publication of LiMandri's report, 
Simon has questioned the January 
trip because there was no lobby 
director's meeting at the time. The 
February directors' meeting is 
also under study because of 
LiMandri's inclusion in the travel 
budget. 

ELECT 
AI 

Tarkington 
COUNCILMAN 

• C.P.A. • ENVIRONMENTALIST 
Advocat. of Open Spac. 

Acqul sltlon Through Mor. 
Efficient Government 
~11Ic" ad ptIId for Ity Com",I,," '" Elect T.teI ...... ' ..... Del Mer Ce. 



Page t 

lly PWl H1Ibbani 
!bIIWrHer 

UC San Diego has the largest 
number of Intercollegiate athletic 
teams in the country. But despite the 
unusually large number of sports 
represented on campus, there is one 

Jeff Gorrell (TT Photo : 
Nathan Meyers) 

THIS IS '/OUR PROGRAMME: 

wnich is quite conspicuously absent 
every year when fall rolls aroWld-
football. 

In 1968 it Wl/S a different story. 
That spring a group of some 30 
students began conditioning for the 
following season under the direction 
of the late Walter Hackett, a former 
line coach from the San Diego 
Chargers. 

The players retUrned a few weeks 
ea rly that fall to polish up tlieir 
game, training at a nearby Marine 
recruitment station . In early 
October, the Tritons limped into the 
record books with a 4H loss to La 
Verne in the season's opener. 

The ensuing weeks held some 
exciting moments, but no victories. 
The fledgling squad was simply 
outmanned. Hackett had fewer than 
thirty active players, several 
playing both defense and offense. 
The team was consistently over· 
powered in the third and fourth 
quarters by the fresh reserves of the 
opponent. 

The team achieved eternal 
ignominy in its next to last game, 
losing a close one to Cal Tech 34-31. 

IMPROVE Jour . 

Yes, Vwginia 
It was Cal Tech's first victory in 

five years. 
A week later the Tritons suc-

cumbed to their final opponent and 
finished the season 0-7. 

New Agalnlt Establisbed 
In spite of the disappointment, the 

morale of the players and coaches 
remained relatively high. The team 
had chosen to enter competition at 
the varsity level, against some fairly 
strong adversaries, and a winless 
first year is not Wlexpected for a new 
squad playing against established 
ones. 

" We just didn't have enough 
players," recalls Chuck Millenbah, 
the current director of aquatics and 
an assistant coach on the 1968 team. 
"Even the ones we had were often 
forced to miss practice on account of 
afternoon labs." 

" All the coaches knew that 
academics came first here," he 
continued. "No one was ever kicked 
off the team for missing practice." 
Unfortunately, most of their op-
ponents worked three hours each 
afternoon five or six days a week . 
" In the end, academic scheduling 
hurt us more than injuries." 

• • • 

•• 0'8 
Friday, February 27, 197. 

We Really Had A Foo.tball Team 
Although other sports were in. 

volved as weii, the football players 
bore the brunt of the attacks. Their 
opponents feared that yielding to the 
demands would taint the intellectual 

_ ~tmosphere of the school and turn it 
mto "another UCLA." 

The question was finally put 
formally to the stUdent body in a 
referendum. Over half the students 
vo~-athletic scholarships were 
rejected by a margin of nearly three 
to one. 

Boom 
Fe~ players showed up for spring 

practice that year . Many of the 
better ones just transferred to other 
schools. It was obvious that if a team 
could be raised, it would be far in-
ferior physically to the one that had 
preceded it. 

Forbes ended UCSD football with 
~hese words, " It would be 
Irresponsible to allow students with 
lesser athletic ability to compete 
because of the injury factor." 

He added that at some future time 
when the prospects for a tea~ 
looked more hopeful, intercollegiate 
football would be resumed at UCSD 

" None of us really Wlderstood 
~hat happened," said Gorrell. 

Just, boom, and it was gone." 

Frank Vitale (TT Phot o ; 
Nathan Meyers) -

squad died a natural death about two 
weeks after it started. 

Since then, there has been no 
extended effort to rebuild a football 
team hl!re. Vita le a nd Chuck 
Pryatel, the equipment manager 
were ~sked a couple of years ago t~ 
submit a rough budget for a team 
The estimate was a round $50 000 and 
nothing was done beyond th~t initial 
stage . 

Vi~~~ sa id tha t there is a lways the 
posslblhty that the sport may be 
reswned here someday. The policy 
of ~he department is to provide 
equipment ~nd coaching for any 
sport for which there is a sufficient 
demand. 
. .. If there a re enough student~ 
Interested on campus, we' l! try it " 
he said. " It 's up to the students." ' 

Bob. Davis Camera Shop 
Pfu,Uq~ &!/AipttteId .Ut .fa 90lfu 

Discount Prices 
Canon, Olympus 

Nikon, Pentax 
ONE YEAR..! ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 

Jeff Gorrell, now the head 
volleyball coach here, played as a 
freshman on the 1968 squad as a 
defensive back. He agreed with 
Millenbah that class conflicts and a 
lack of numbers were the chief 
obstacles they faced that year. " We 
had a great coaching staff , and all 
the players were really enthusiastic 
about it," he said. 

For a brief time, East M. atthews Field was the sc(enne Phnl."'tfO~,o •• t .... ba" action. No w , a tree grow s through the rott Meyers) . Ing stands. 
Two years later prospects were 

apparently more hopeful. In 
r~sponse to a stUdent petition, Frank 
Vitale, now vice-chairman of the PE 

~epartment, led a group of 55-60 
Int~rested students through the 
Inillal stages of spring practice. 

Sales, Repairs, & Trades 
7717 Fay 459-7355 

APPLY TO. 

DICK RAKOW 281 -4586 

COP1ES 
3~4t .:. 
K_O. 2 LOCATIOIIS 

llGSYo IIOMCldlII4-U 2a 
me COUIGIIVl. .7 .. 1" 

8eachw.ear & Casual clothi ng 
tomplete line of Skateboards & Accessories 

New & Used Surfboards & Kneeboards 
Custom orders available n , Wetsuits in all sizes 

~NE~SURF SHOP 
19 11 Coble 51. in Ocean Beach 222·1 438 

.... ........................... ..... .............................. 

. • VOTE • : 
Julianna ' . 

rxl BART ANYI 
lor 

CITY COUNCIL 
Julianna is lor low cost government and citizen inl'olvement on a 
grass roots level. 
Julianna is lor home rule and citizen participation. 
Julianna 's tireless energy and ability has made it possible for her 
to achieve her goals. 
As your elected representative she can be tounted-on to serve all 
01 our residents to the best of her ability. 
Julianna Bartanyi is first on your ballot; please vote FIRST FOR 
JULIANNA -
Oet Mar Citizen. tor lhe etection ot Julianna Barlanyl. Nancy I Epperson. trea.ur.r. • 

: ... '.3?~ ~!~'.I .R!,~ ~ •••. •• •••••••••••••• • •• • ••••• • ••••••••••••••••••• ; 

Art Students 
15 % Discount. 

Special for art students, 
15 % discount on art sUPI?lies 
during the month of February 
at all FRAZEE PAINT stores. 

FRAZEE PAINTS 
... the jJoin ! 

The team, it seemed, had done 
about as well as could be expected 
for a first season. However, when 
the fall of 1969 arrived, the practice 
fields were empty. An edict by tbe 
then-chairman of the athletic 
department, Dr. Ted Forbes, had 

abolished football at UCSD in-
definitely .. 

The edict was the result of a series 
of events that had begun soon after 
the end of the previous season. Many 
of the players had had to hold down 
part-time jobs to finance their 
education. They felt that if outside 
money could be found to finance 
athletic scholarships--without 

. drawing on funds already ear- -
-

marked for academics, a 
could be started to offer 
partial scholarships to some 
players. 

Barring this, they asked 
establistunent of a training 
since in many cases the year 
players had missed dinner 
late practices· and the early 
hour of the Revelle cafeteria. 

Several of the players got 

JV Basketball: Prosperous 
scoring, each finishing with 14. 
Hafford, shutout for the 
came on to score 12 

by Scott Sadil 
Assistant Sports Editor 

By the won-loss criterion 
generally used to define success for 
athletic teams, the UC San ·Diego 
junior varsity basketball team did 
not have a successful season this 
year. 

Despite Tuesday 's . 7~ Randy 
Meis-Ied comeback victory over the 
USIU Westerners, the JV Tritons 
finished their season with a 5-11 
record. 

But tne attainment of goals is also 
a measure of success and that is the 
reason why JV coach Ron Werft 
feels that this was a prosperous year 
for his ballclub. 

" Of course, you want to have the 
best won-loss record possible," 
Werft explained after his team's 
final game, final-minute victory. 
" But we accomplished other things 
that we set out to do this year so I 
think we had a successful season." 

These " other things" involved 
teaching and learning for the young 
Tritons. " This was my first year as a 
coach," said Werft, "and I wanted to 
try and serve as a positive model for 
the players. I think they learned 
from me, and I know that I learned a 
lot from them about dealing with 
people." 

Yet victories certainly do no harm 
for any basketball team. And 
Tuesday's win for the Tritons was 
especially satisfying since it came 
after two previous 15-point losses to 
the Westerners this season. In fact, 
tois game served as a showcase for 
capabilities of the JV team, 
capabilities often unrealized and 
overlooked in the squad's numerous 
losses this year. 

The first half of the USIU game 
cnded 35-35, with each team arriving 
at their equal totals by very dif· 
fe rent routes. UCSD shot 50 percent 
from the field. while the Westerners 
hit on only 33 percent of their at-
tempts. But the visitors grabbed 17 
of fens iv r bounds befor e in-
termission. thus allowing them 
lIumhcrolis second and UlIrd shots . 

fter falling behind in h s rond 

half by as many as seven points, the 
shooting of Randy Meis pulled UCSD 
back into the contest. Meis hit four 
shots in the last seven minutes of the 
game, adding two clutch freethrows . 
with only 48 seconds lert to get the 
Tritons even. USIU tried to work for 
the last shot but Tom Griffin stole 
the ball at midcourt for UCSD and 
scored the winning bucket with only 
eight seconds left on the clock. 

Meis and Volk led the Tritons in 

second period. Robinson 
entire second half, leading 
rebounds, 9, and assists, 6, 
along with his 9 points. 

From this year's junior 
squad Hafford and Meis, both 
men, appear to hold the 
promise for the coming 
I-ht'f"rn a,,,uvU 6 ' a small 

and circulated' a questionnaire . 
among the student body to sound up I~ the storm, including the 
them out on the idea. The responses qu.~stlOn of athletic scholarships. 
on the whole were not unfavorable The whole thing got blown 
according to Gorrell. ' completely out of proportion" 

Out of Proportion . Gorrell remembers. A number ~f 
Unfortunately for the athletes, the athlet~s submitted a list of demands 

s.pnng of 1969 was a politically ae. Includmg the offering of a PE major 
(Ive one. The anti-war feeling . was and a ~it of credit for PE courses 
rampant, and any side issue.that and mtercollegiate sports and 
was controversial at all was caught yt~~~ai~etnheddto boydcott the following 

• e eman s were not met. 

te Its ~.11 Record 

. While they had the numbers this 
tm1~, t~e 1971 team was sadly 
lackmg In experience. " They were 
all ba~~s and ends, " lamented' 
V~tale. You just can't have a team 
wlth.out linemen. About a third had 
never really played and only twenty 
were high school lettermen." The 

the type of player the varsity is 
al~eady blessed with, displays 'the 
qUlcknes~, shooting ability, and floor 

l ead~rshlp necessary to help a 
vars!ty t~m. He led the Tritons in 
sco:mg WIth a 17.5 game average. 
Mels was plagued by inconsistent 
play this season. However, at his 
bes t ,. he showed outstanding 
shootmg and rebounding abilities 
that make hiJn a potential varsity 

The s!eeper from this year's JV 
team rrug.ht well be 6'7".Steve Jaye. 
Not having played high school 
bB:sketba~l, J aye performed ad-
ml.rably In a substitute role for the 
:rrlt~ns this year. Some refinements 
In fmesse and body control are 
~ecessary, but these will come with 
time and physical maturation. Also 
a freshman, Jaye could turn out to 
be the type of big man the varsity 
team always needs. 

Fencers Foi I 
State, Fi nish 
Second 

Jon Halperin . 
A youn~ and' talented UC San 

DIego fencmg team finished second 
to Cal State Long Beach and nosed 
~ut cross-town rival San Diego State, 
In a three team competition fisld . 
here last weekend. 

In the San Diego State match the 
Tntons posted 21 victories against 15 
defeats to win. Ken Schell and Steve 
Boos both recorded victories in the 
Epee competition, While Chuck Hess 
and Rich Spahl performed ad-
mirably in the Sa bre. 

Cal S~te Long Beach, with a solid 
women s squad was able to beat the 
Tritons 21·14. Margaret Poulson was 
the lone Triton victor in the 
Women 's Foil. Dave Frankville Jeff 
Madigan and Ken Reed all rec~rded 
victories to give UCSD a victory ih 
the Men's Foil competition. 

In spite of finishing second, in-
stead .of the top pos ition, Coach John 
Hemhch was very pleased with the 
team's effort. " We have definitely 
tmproved this season. We have a 
young squad and if most of them 
return next year we should be a 
much better team. " 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Contemporary Issues 50 in-

troduces stroteg ie s fo r doing li brary 
research foster and beller. Two 
sections Wi ll be o ffered spr ing 
quarter. Students have token the 
course in the post call II invaluable. 
For mo re informa tion contact the 
Contem porory Issues Deportment 
HS5 2024. 

HIGHQ AU" 
S .. ~ ' REl'ARIAI. EKV( E 

In Mission Valley 
S~daliling In Th('sis Typing, 

Reports. Manus rip Is, and 
Business Work 

2 0-3343 

THE DlSAIUO STUOENT UNION PIOUOl Y PRESENTS ~ 
An Evening Witn ~ 

SAM-HINTON----...j 
and 

SIIEILS & LARK 

8 :00 p.m. CR-I07 (Third College) $1.50 tickets at the 
~oO;ay~ffice ONL YI 300 seat available · get YOURS 
452 :~~~9 box 'Office itu~ber 

GRAND TOURS OF EUROPE 
16 DAYS . 'S IT ' NG • 23 DAYS 
ENGLAND HOLLAND VIS' ' NG 
GERMANY. SWtTZERLAND ENGLAND. HOLl,AND 
ITAL Y and FRANCE • IGTERMANV. SWITZER LAND 

AL Y. FRANCE, BELGIUM ' 
'00 .. '978 and AUSTRIA "oM '1128 

23 DAYS .... " .. 21 DAYS 
Al l OF SCANDINAVIA. plus "'''NO LONDON & PARIS " '1428 SPAIN includ,ng MAJORCA 

and MOROCCO ,",," '998 

FO~ 4 FR.eE COPY OF TilE I'm, rH.'m~. ~" &"" 
C.4LL Z 9'-~ 1'5 

EL CAMINO T RAVEL 
450 OLIVE S rRf.£T-..54N D I £(~ ?l2. I03 



a rlaoll al D'S Friday, FebruaryZ7, Itl. 
Page' 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Rules 'and Rat • • TRAVEl 

Classlfieds should either be printed or typed on a 3" • ~ .. card (avai lable 
In Triton TImes off ice) . They may be submllted any time betw~ 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p.m . t 

Th. tollowlng rat.s .... tor 100 spaces .. II you use more spaces , lhe ra e 
will double . (100 spaces .. 2& cents; 101 to 200 .. 50 cents) . 

51<1 ColoradO - Crested Bulle spring break 
with th e ski club $1 49 t iCkets on sale Student 
Cenler box office (2/27) 

Personals .. $1 
lost and Found _. tr .. 
Other ads: s tudents ·- 25 cents 

nonstudents .. $1 
Deadlines: 4 pm Friday l or Monday; 4 pm Monday l or Wednesday; 4 pm 

-Wednesday tor Friday. 
AnnouncementS: free . All announcements will run In Ihe Monday 

calendar. Deadline tor catendar :~m Friday. I 
(All additions or corrections 10 list ings In the Schedule 01 Classes or 

regular Uni ... rsil y courses will be charged SI) . 

fOR SALE 

Stereo Bargain! Kenwood 2400 receiver. 
tantastic condition. COSI $220. will sacrifice 
5150. Call atter 5 452- t876. (2/27) 

Oiscount IiU passes Heavenly Valley ski area. 
Good Ihrough June '76 . 452-8728. (2/27) 

Stereo : Harmon·Kardon 33()A, two 15 inch 3 
way speakers excnt cond . $200 Paul 75!>-3005 
(3/1) 
75 Dodge Van 6 cyl 5 pass 3 bucket sealS on 
wall beh ind drlv. table . cpt. pan .. A.C .. 
stereo tape 454-5965. (315) 

Sk.s lor sale Hexeel 210. K2·3 207, ROC GTX 
170. Hart tree 190K2 & Lange boots (2/27) 

1968 I/W Faslback 5700 new brakes. shocks 
greal transporlatlon 25 10 30 mpg . Call 436-
1435 atter 6 Enc (313) 
1968 Toyota Corona 4 dr new carbo good 
running cond and gas mileage S700 call Pat 
48H:)178 t2/271 

kousiNG 

Your own room in 2 bdrm apt 4th St. Del Mar 
near bus . Beach Marl< 755·5473 or X2819. 
(2127) 

Male grad wanted for Mesaapt. Renl 575 /mo 
ulilities incl. Call John 452-9910 or Tom 452-
4104 . (2127) 
Room tor rent In a Sotana Bch. home. Only 
saO. Call Rick or Rob 75!>-0e61 or 755-8957 
(2/27) 

FOR RENT. Own room In peacetul ocean 
beach house Clean lighl . yard. quiet·ideal. 
All utilities .ncluded. $100. Steven. 222-7 195. 
27(}1059 . (2127) 

Rm male wanted beautitul dm hse own rm 
available Mar 1. F preterred call 452-2003 
days or 75!>-1334 eves (2127) 

Female roomma1e wanted : Mellow drama 
and music student seeks fema~ studen t over 
2t 10 share 2 bedroom apl. In Pacific Beach. 
Own room in turnlshed apl ; wllh heated pool . 
carpel. 590 a month piUS 'h ulilitles. Susan 
27().4742 home 2B(}5826 work .(2 127) 

FOR RENT Own room in peacetul ocean 
beach house . Clean IIghl. yard , quiet-ideal . 
All utilities Included. 5100. Steven . 222-2003 
days or 75!>-1 334 eves (2127) 

Interested In driving car to NY·NJ area at end 
ot quarter (Mar 15·Apr I ) Vega st ick X4768 or 
45!}'2707 . (2/27) 

Overseas jobs· summer , permanent. 5500· 
S2500 monthly. Australia, Asia . Europe , 
Atrica. South America. All fields. Invaluable 
experiences . Details 25 cents . Inti em-
ployment research. Bo. 3893A7 . Seallie. 
Wash 98124 (3 II ) 

Instanl lelephone contlrmations on all 
round1rlp charters and tours to Europe 
($339) . Hawaii ($169). New York ($169). 
Orienl ($437), Me.lco (5199) and the Middle 
East Oneways available. Plus new, in· 
dependent experimental lours . For 24 hour 
Informat ion I reser'olatio ns call collect 
Weslcoast student travel counsel AVCD 
Cenl er suite 790. 10550 Wil shire Blvd . LA 
90024. (213)475·6865. Bool< no later lhan 65 
days before departure.(3112) 

EUROPE. ISRAEL - Studenl tlights year 
round. ISCA. 11687 San Vicente Blvd. , .4 , 
lA. CA 90049. (213)826·5569 or 826-
0955 . (311 2) 

EUROPE ~ TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS . BOOK EARLY . CIEE· 
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEK-
DAYS 12.4pm. 452.(X»).(3112) 

EUROPE. ISRAEL. Orient. N.Y. TGC Low 
cost flighls . 1436 S. La Cienega BI. lA 
90035 .(7t 4)735-9618 or (213)652.2727 .(3112) 

lOST It fOUNd 
John Ainsworth and Kathl een Kelley come 
and claim your watlets In Tr llon Times off ice 
(2/27) 
l OST - Bundy clarinet on Thurs. Feb 19 In 
HS&S. Call 452-0664. ask lor Hans. (2127) 

FOUND: Small. old tashioned goldrlng at MC 
tennis cts . If it might be yours. call Liz . 488-
4962 . (2/21) 
lOST - Friday brass explorer pockel knlte . 
Sentimental value. Gall Bill at 755':J616 . 
(2/27) 
FOUND-recorder In a green box left by a 
hitchhiker in my car . Claim at Clusler 
Undergraduate Library. (X3066) (2/27) 

LOST - Frl. 2120 Intro to Malh statistiCS 
Hagg & Craig . Can't do you much good so 
please conlact Joey 755-7427 . (2/27) 

• 
Desperate need return of 12.12 woOd wax-oil 
art for tinal grade. PLEASE RETURN to visua l 
art dept. Triton Times or call 454-0906. (2/27) 

Watch lound Tuesday Feb. 24 In parking lot 
between math and Mandeville build ings call 
75!>-1801 Toriya . (2127) 

FOUND: small black dog wlwhite stomach 
leet and t ipped lail. Gall 452-117S. (2/27) 

Key on yellOW plastiC lag tound on tourth 
fioor Mayer Hall ask tor n ott Ice (2127) 

Reward tor denim jacket leU In HL last Wed . 
Castle embroidered on back. Call Jim 755-
2050. (2127) 
LOST Irom S.A.T.C.H. ottlce key ring 
wleight keys . PlellSe contact Ch~rley Garcia 
al X4450 or481 -9~25 . (2/27) 

FOUND ' compuler in CR104 2/25 at 1;00 
describe at n ottlce (2/27) 

LOST Kelly green 3 ring notebOOk al phone 
2nd lloor HSS on 2124/76 leave at n ott lce 
(2127) 

Rmmate to share 2 bedroom . 1 bath . seml-
turnlshed townhous&. o ... rlooklng Win-
dansea beach $175/mo. tlreplace . p,,~ate 
garden . laundry tacllitles . no pets call Vicki 
459.8962 eves. weekendS . (2127) 

Room.male needed. Del Mar across trom 
beach . no pets , own room, days·Marshall 
X2003. eves 75!>-t334 (2/27) 

Ski Tahoe 535 3 days lOdging & car tare 5 
days Utah 51t 0 lor everythlng .(2/27) 

Reward tor losl denim jacket wllh castle 
embro.dered on back . Sentimental value. Call 
J.maI75!>-2080. (2127) 

WANTED: 1 male roommate tor PB apt. 
87 .50 / m 48&6710 Mike. (313) 

Own room M or F 3 BR condo nr UCSD. 
Washer. dryer . swgpool. tur' d avail March I 
call452-8 7 (2127) 

Ski where the snow Is. Cresled Bulle Colo. 
Spring break with the ski club S149. Tickets 
Studenl Cenler box office . PERSONAls 

Sal nlte zoo series al E16. Partl-" lels Make 
Like Zebras and Mount." (2127) 

Permanent part time hours suitable to your 
class schedule. Sell the all new Britannica 3 
and outstanding ed ucational mater ial . in' 
cluding the Great Books ot the' Western 
World . 0/1 a special school and library basiS 
10 other students and taculty. Earn 5114 and 
more comm . a week on a pari time basis . Call 
Student Sales Counse lor. Oon Treyz 234· 
8530. llam·2pm.(2127) 

Need extra cash? Buying old U.S. coins . Also 
buying U S. sliver coins minted betore 1965. 
Ken . 453-7924 .(3/12) 

Beautltul longhaired housecat desperately 
needs home. Please caU7 48-0582 e ... S. (31) 

Wanted Interesled persons 10 allend ERA 
Debale Feb. 258 pm Revelle Cale I reI! (2125) 

Indep . study student needs latin lutor or 
wheelock lessons 16-30. Desperale! Scali 
Lori 452·6301 . (3/5) 
Need pholographer to do my portrait picture 
lor grad. schoOl applications . Call aUer II 
pm 276-6791 . (2/1) 

• SERVICES 

'Walk Together. Talk Together ..... sound 
tam lliar?? All AFSers are InVited 10 a party Fri 
nite. 4,53-1284.pI27) 

Learn exciting folk dances from India exp 
teacher serious sludents only M&F 452-1016. 
(3151 

Women only! Psychological research offers 
you an eftectlve rewarding system ot weight 
reduction no charge! (313) 

Nonsmoking person wanted lQ share 2Bdr 
apt near UCSD. Own room . S751mo. call Bil l 

45~935 . (2127) 

F roommate needed for nice duplx nr bCh In 
Del Mar Fireplace. turn . patiO. Call Beth or 
Andee75!>-2271 (2,27) CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. Save up to 

50 percent April - Oct . 2 , 3. 4. 5, 6 . wk fliles 
weekly. PLUS 7-24 week tlights often. BUT. 
lim lied space on long & summer flighls . 
Phone your San Diego headquan ers tor 

Happy 191h birthday to the littlest anQe,1 with 
the biggest snowskls. The R8IIelie Nerd 
(2127)' 'n I I· ... 

STE REO REPAIR. Student with professional 
training and experience in stereo repair , 
otters greatly reduced rated to those on 
sludent budgetS. Repairs made on all makes 
and models, amps, preamps. receivers. 
tuners . tapes . and lables. Repaired ~Ith 

peed and SOUND GUARANT~E . Cail Im-
iately 'Ior iree e~tlmat e and or ~em 

tallon . Call 291·5927 . (3112) ,;~-. 
Roommate wanted to share 2 bdr apt . In Del 
Mor. Tennis Court , pool etc. 951monlh tor 
into call 755-8448. (2127) 

Med. grad. law studenl needed to share 
2BRM house 1 blk lrom beach 150 mo inc 
utilities ScoIl75r.-6523 Del Mar (2 /27) 

2 people needed to share dbl room spring qtr . 
In apt. in Del Mar . Reasonable rent Call Gail 
or Sue 75!>-2542. (2127) 

Male wanted own room 2 BOR Hillcrest view 
Stale 51. great guy I w~ nights. Call Dave 
"95·3612 (313) 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
Announcing: 

FALL SEMESTER 1976 
• Full.time 3-year day program 

• Part -lim e day and evening programs 
The ~(huol " 

FULLV ACCREDITED 
hy thl' ommllt<'(' of 1.1.11 ['.In",,..,, . 

S1JI • B,,, 01 t .1;'11)[01., 
T~I ; (2 13) 894->7 1t 

i 8353 Sepulveda Blvd., Sepulveda, Ca. 91343 

La Jolla Music 
Has Technics 

TechnicS 
by 

Panasonic 

Worlds Finest Turntable 
come and see to appreciate 

I La J o ll a M usi I 
459·3375 . Rich 

• I .... ;t, 

charten since 1961, no..lowtIr ~Ioee-wilh - H-"'us-b-and. deaTi sent in our requeSl Slip tor 
safely (trusl accounts .) We are your Into 10 " Marriage Pertect " magazine- but in 
professional charter and travel e)Cperts . the meantime , let's t ry by Qursei,ves - Your 
Phone 291-814t . !}'5 pm . Draper World Travel Loving Wile (2/27) 
(3/121 

\ 

Watch ~ Jewelry Repair. rlngs'6ized . Guar 
work by lic jeweler . Sl udent priceS 453-1207 
(3/5) 

Saturday February 28 , , /IF· / ___ 1 " B 11" lrerrran s a 
./ dir cted by \ 

Mi lo Foreman ("On~ Flew Over th Cuckoo's 

7:30pm 

$1 

Friday, February Z7, 197. • rlhN' f' n1('S 
Barry LYndon: A Total Film 

by DaaielShawler to the astonishingly simple helped move the viewer deeper 
Arts Editor discovery that all lighting in the into the world of " Bar ry LyndOn." 

In Stanley Kubrick's perception, eighteenth century was done with The most important .md equa lly 
" Bar ry Lyndon," Is first, candlelight. With this in mind, the most surprising aspect of 
foremost, and totally a film. The Kubrick filmed the indoor " Barry Lyndon" is the scarcity of 
ideas and the manner in which they sequences with only candlelight, dialogue. Only a small percentage 
evolved would never succeed in the first time such a feat had been of the film is actual dialogue. The 
any art medium other than the done. Requiring extremely high remainder is just bare action 
cinema. speed film, such photography was supported by either music or 

If it had been the instrument of impossible only a couple of years narrative. 
an author, " Barry Lyndon" would ago. The light cast by the candles A prime example of this is 
have best su~eded as a novel. If added a blustery quality that provided by the first appearance of 
it had been the vehicle of the actor, enhanced the sleaziness of the the Lady Lyndon (Marisa 
"Barry Lyndon" would have best situations (in gambling casinos, Berenson.) It was a full 10 minutes 
succeeded as a drama. It is, bedrooms, whorehouses ) in which before she spoke . Then another 
however, neither. Stanley Kubrick it was u~. lapse of time passed before she 
has turned " Barry Lyndon" into Further evidence of the genius of was heard again. In this period of 
the tool of a director. It has, "Barry Lyndon" is apparent in the time, she fell in love with Redmond 
therefore, reached its highest costuming and make-up of the Barry (Ryan O'Neal,) her husband 
attairunent as a film. actors. The pancake white make- died, she married Barry. and they 

It is impossible to place your up, in vogue during the eighteenth left for their honeymoon. No 
finger on one aspect of "Barry century, was eerily augmented by dia logue was necessary in this 
Lyndon" and say, " This is the the candlelight. The women's tight context , and it would have been 
reason for its success." It is. corseted dresses with slender disastrous for Kubrick to attempt 
however, not only possible, but waists and high bust lines a nd the any. 
preferable. to spread your hand men's frilled and ruffled shirts also Continued on Page 8 
over the film and say, " Here are 
the reasons for its success." 

The first, and most striking 
impression of " Barry Lyndon" is 
its pastoral resplendence. The 
sheer majesty and immensity of 
the scenery invokes an emotional 
concept in the viewer that places 
him in the mood for the more 
important aspects of the film. ' 

Summer Moans, Midler Downs 

Kubrick's cinematography 
evokes similar qualities. His well-
known attention to details lead him 

2·3-4-5-6 up to 24 wks. 
APR.-OCT. '76 

Over 915 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEATS ' on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 

~«' .. ,~, •• ". 
291-8141 

' :D~Y:i:i!. 
.. ...... Dole.,,) I .~ .. 

Mi"ion V~~ IIdg 
I W C-iIIo .. 110 South 

s.D .. CA 92101 
• Minimum . for. which riMs de-

on date & length of • . 

by Tim Mackemle 
Staff Writer 

LOVE TO LOVE YOU BABY _ 
Donna Summer 
Oasis Records 

Donna Summer received her 
early breaks in show business over 
in Europe but returned to the 
United States with the redoubtable 

Donna Summer 
" Love T~ Love You Baby." Those 
who enjoyed the single would 
unquestionably drool over the 
album version, 17 minutes of 
Summer's orgasmic moans set to a 
disco beat. 

: .. BOOM-FIRE PRODUCTIONS '* 
"NatuTaJ High" fjJ I«J [jJ~ 
"Tluu's Not How it Goes" 

"Gwe Me Your Heart" "ThaI's the Way We Play Our Music" 
"Cioler Together" 

The title cut occupies the entire 
first s ide. Beyond the obvious 
sexuality of the track's lyrics and 
groans lies some very respectable 
musi cian s h i p . Espe ci all y 
noteworthy are the rhythmic bass 
line and thumping beat of the 
percussion. It's not too difficult to 
understand why the full length 

. version of " Love To Love You 
Baby" is a favorite in many dance 
clubs . 

Side II is somewhat of a disa p-
pointm e nt . t hough . "Full Of 
Empt iness," replete with an album 
ending reprise, is just that. The 
" Need-A-Man Blues" is another 
uninspiring t rack that takes 
bana lity one s t ep further. 
" Whispering Waves," bolstered by 
some delicate sound effects, is the 
best bet on s ide II. 

Surruner's voice is in the Olivia 
Newton-John mold, wispy and 
virginal but lacking a definite 

Continued on Page 8 

Erratum 
The photograph of the bassist at 

the John Coltrane memorial 
concert in last Wednesday's Triton 
Times is Mel Graves. 06t Braves. 
The Triton Times regrets this 
error. 

Prelleob 
IN CONCERT 

At'~ I ~rI~.'.'-· hmt 
"Say YouLoveMe" D. J. ROGERS 
"Jt 's Good to be Alive" 

and 

The New 
Experience 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1976·8:00 - 12:00 
Universi ly of Cal ifornia, San D\e1O 

al La JoIll , GYI"nasium 

ADVANCE UCSD STlIDENT TICKETS . GENERAL ADMISSION ......• . ............ - ......•....... $4.50 
. ..... . ....... . ......... , ..........•. ...... . _S5.S0 

Tickets on sale at U.C.S.D. Campus 
and at al l Curtis Minniefleld Record Outlets 
FOR INFORMATION CALL 4524090 

Pollock Serigraphs, Balboa Park 
Shows Highlight Art Weekend 

by 
Ellzabetb Cblment 

StaHWriter 

Page 7 

A series of 1951 untitled ser igraphs by Jackson Pollock has recently 
gone on display at the F ine Arts Gallery in Balboa Park. The black and 
white ~raDhics, lent by Mr. and Mrs. Frank Pollock. will be on view in-
definitely. 

Pollock was a dynamic figure on the contemporary American ar 
scene. His style, which required lhe total invivence of the artist, including 
the very act of painting, developed into the Abstract Expressionsim of the 
New York school which became dominant in American art during the 
195Os. 

The gallery is open free to the public Tuesday through Sunday, and is 
closed Mondays. 

Also in Balboa Park at the Natural History Museum are two beautiful 
shows: " Death Valley," ao exhibit of photographs by Ulric and Marie 
Meisel shows through April IB, and a display of poisonous native plants 
are pictured in a watercolor exhibition through March 22. 

The San Diego Brass Quintet will be featured at st. Ma rk's United 
Methodist Churc h, this Sunday. 7:30 pm. Also this Sunday evening alB pm 
will be a performance of Stravinsky and Hindemith by the Mesa/Com-
munity I Adult Chamber Orchestra , at F irst United Methodist Church. 

There are a number of interesting events on campus this week. The 
Atomic Cafe Tuesday will feature Gordon Mumma, composer, at B pm in 
the Recital Hall. On Ma rch 4, British composer, Bernard Rands. will be 
conducting his own music a t B pm in the Mandeville auditorium. 

Fourth College will present a symposium dealing with the issues of 
prejudice and discrimination that have occurred so often in America. 
B.unning March 1 through March 9. it will feature films. guest lecturers 
and d iscussion groups. Monday, at 7:30 pm in the Fourth College 
cafeteria the animated film, "The Point" will be featured. Information 
about the week 's events may be obtained at the student infonnation 
center. 

As a brief re minder. Sherley Williams, black poet and professor of 
literature at UCSD, will present a reading of her poetry Wednesday at 4 
pm in the Reve lle informa1lounge. • 

REAT HAIRCUTS FOR T HE WHOLE FAMILY 

Natural sun slreaks Sptn 
end heallh trims 
Organic conditioning 

Body waves 
Afros 
Ect 

tune-up and valve adjustment 
$15 plus parts open 7 days a week 
from 7:0$) am - 6:00 pm 

-I 

call 278-2900 for appointment 



.. p. 

/ 

O'Neal, 
ting in " Barry 
tstanding, in the 

normal use c.f word. The actors 
were not g. \reb any chances to 
show outbur$ts fX temperament or 
anguish; e7erything was low 
keyed. However, Kubrick could . 
coax more meaning out of his 
actors using an extended facial 
shot than many actors can obtain 
using their entire bodies. 

O'Neal, however, was given the 
opportunity to run the gamut of 
emotions. It was refreshing to see a 
film so devoid of macho content 
that a man actually cried on 
screerrthree times. 

Barry Lyndon is an extension of 
Stanley Kubrick's mind: his in-
tellect, his creativeness, his 
philosophy. It must be viewed as a 
personal creation of Kubrick, and 
not of William Makepeace 

--- - ---------

---------------------- . 
----------------------

BIKE & HIKE 
With our patterns you can custom make 
your own day packs . trail shorts. bike 
packs and panniers. and more , For more 
information call 273·4771 or send for our 
ree brochure . 

CoI,lin. Sport II Tr'" 

D ,ltarrtn\l 
PO Ix"\x'1ffl7 &m DiC~),(1tqzlO1 

-- --

--- -

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

com e and hear 
Dr. John Wight, D.O. 

on 

'Overcoming 

Hurt Feelings' 

This Sunday l O: 45a m 
715 Silverado 

La Jolla 

STARTS TODAY! 
A 1 01 Hour Science 

Fiction Film Marathon 
'Feb 27 -March 14 

everyfh ing from 

to 

TICKETS SOLD AT 
STUDENT CENTER 

BOX OFFICE 452·4559 

Presen t d by UCSD Science 
Fic tion and Fantasy Society. 

Thackeray. Most fX aU, however, 
the Thackeray epitaph at the end fX 
the film must be remembered as 
the ideal fX "Barry Lyndon: " 
"Good or bad, handsome or ugly, 
rich or poor, they are all equal 
now." . 

Records. .. 
measure of power. It is, however, 
weU suited for a cut like " Love To 
Love You Baby." The album taken 
as a whole is not an urunitigated 
success, but the title track alone 
makes the albwn worth the pur-
chase price. 

SONGS FOR THE NEW 
DEPRESSION - Bette Midler 
Atlantic Records 

After two and a half years, Bette 
Midler has finally released a new 
album. But instead of answering 
any questions about her, "Songs 
For The New Depression" appears 
to create one bi~ Question : Is Bette 
Midler basically talentless? 

Midler has broken camp with her 
"Divine Miss M" image, much to 
her disadvantage. Her attempt to 

create an album with lOme ver-
satility comes off u senseleu and 
trivial, clue in no small part to the 
terrible song selections. 

"Strangers in the Night," done 
disco st'yle, fails so miserably that 
Frank Sinatra would tum in his 
grave, were he dead. Phoebe 
Snow's lovely "I Don't Want the 
Night to End" fails to evoke any 
emotion as performed by Midler. 
Her pl'one-call song to " Mr. 
Rockefeller" is another attempt to 
evoke some hwnor and again falls 
short. "Sarnedi et Vendredi," sung 
entirely in French, is at least 
mildly amusing, as is the campy 
" Marihuana. " 

How can Bette Midler's career 
be taken seriously if she continues 
to produce such incidental work? 
She may be very entertaining to 
see in concert, but none of that 
excitement comes forth on " Songs 
For The New Depression." At least 
it may bring nostalgia one step 
closer to extinction. 

SANDMAN - Nilsson 
RCA Records 

"Sandman" follows in the grand 
tradition of his past albwns. 
" Sandman," like its predecessors, 

Is fun to Haten to but lacks any real 
substance. The message the album 
offers Is quite simple to c0m-
prehend: have a good time but 
don't dare take Nilsson too 
seriOUSly. 

"Sandman" Is an assortment of 
different musical styles, including 
rock, reggae, soul. 1be album's 

~nin$l track "I'll Take A T~ngo" 
seems to come straight from the 
Caribbean, while " The Flying 
Saucer Song" is a dialogue be-
tween two drunks set to a funky 
beat. As for the rest of the albwn's 
material, what can one say for 
such compositions as " Here's Why 
I Did Not Go To Work Today" and 
"Jesus Christ You're Tall?" 
. As usual, Nilsson is assisted by 
very gifted musicians, including 
Jim Keltner, Klaus Voormann, 
Leon Russell, Jesse Ed Davis and 
Jim Horn, just to name a few. As 
for Nilsson, it's difficult to 
determine whether he's an artist or 
just a prankster on disc. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 

EAB urges you to donate any 
unneeded books to the prison book 
dr ive, Br ing your contr ibut ions to 
the Student Center by March 1. 

It takes the best 
to challenge 
all the rest. 

Pabst. Since 1844. 

Friday, Feb~ 21,1171 

lewis Set 
For Sunday 

Christian apologist and famed 
fantasy writer C. S. Lewis will be 
the topic of discussion as UC San 
Diego's Catholic, Episcopal, 
Lutheran and interdenominational 
student groups hold an ecwnenical 
dinner this Sunday night at 6 pm in 
the Re..:elle formal lounge. 

Leading the discussion will be 
Fr. Kevin Munn, who has been 
assisting Fr. Bernie Campbell -
since January as UCSD Catholic 
chaplain. 

Those not already signed up for 
the dinner may still attend at a cost 
of $1. Others may see the 
discussion only which begins at 
6:45. 

Other ecumenical supper 
programs scheduled include 
Edward Reynolds speaking on 
" Martin Luther King," on April 4, 
Campbell speaking on "Simone 
Weil," on April2S and the Rev. Les 
Atkinson speaking on " Dietrich 
Bonhoeffer" on May 23. 

The meetings are open to the 
public. 

The quality has always 
come through. 

PABST BREWING COMPANY, Milwaukee, Wis., 
Peoria Heights, 111. , Newark, N.J., Los Angeles, Calif. , Pabst, Georgia. 


