
Revelle Writing Lab Would 
Bolster Humanities Classes Bookman Identifies 2 in Hearing 

by Debora Weber and Ran Anbar by Sara Lowen 
Staff Writers Community Editor 

Reacting to a decrease in writing requirements in the Humanities 
program, the Revelle College faculty has instituted a two-unit writing and In the last disciplinary hearing 
rhetoric laboratory to be taken with the program's other classes. until April 5, the final witness for 

The proposal, approved recently by a 57 to 11 vote, now faces Academic the University gave his version of 
Senate consideration. The faculty hopes the labs will be in operation by the events that occurred during the 
the fall. Nov. 25 demonstration at UC San 

The plan was proposed to the Revelle faculty by the college's Diego. 
curriculum committee. 

The lab would be taken in conjunction with three sequential Humanities Student Center Director Mark 
courses in a student's frestunan year. The options normally available for Bookman said he knew all but one 
completion of the Humanities requirement-6-1, 3-3-1, and 3-2-2-would no of the students before the Nov. 25 
longer be available. incident but he remembered seeing 

The one course Fine Arts requirement would remain the same. only two students violating 
Idea Not FuUUled , University regUlations: Steve 

While the idea behind the Humanities sequence remained intact, it Switala " because of his height" 
became obvious to the committee that the goal of the sequence was not and Marc Fannon " because he had 
being fulfilled. that look of a loss of control on his 

Since the Humanities program has no central reading list, there are face ." 
often duplicate studies of great works in different Humanities classes. 
Also, some works are left off individual reading lists, at the discretion of 
the professor. TAs are often unaware of the original idea of the program, 
that of imparting the knowledge of centuries of Western thought to the 
student in two years, with an emphasis on writing. 

With T A funds getting scarcer and workloads increasing, th amount of 
writing in the program has decreased. Often, courses require only one 
paper a quarter, and the emphasis is on concepts, not writing and style. 

In addition, it is becoming obvious to the committee that the high 
schools have not taught acceptable writing skills to many of its 
graduates. 

And if students don't learn to write in the Humanities program, they 
won't learn to write at all. 

Writing Program Crucial 
The committee felt too much change at one time might cause an 

upheaval that would hurt the program. It was decided to concentrate first 
011 writing. 

The Humanities segment will change little, with two lectures and one 
.rccitation scc~ion ~er week. In addition, there will be the writing 
laboratory. whIch WIl\ be taught by a different teaching assistant. 

For the first quarter, graduate students from the Department of 
I,iterature will teach the writing portion. Thereafter, qualified graduates 
from any department will give the instruction. . 

The laboratory will center on clear, expository writing on subjects 
relcvant to the current quarter of Humanities lectures. Students will 
write a minimum of 1500 words per quarter. 

One necessity of this plan is developing a certain level of proficiency 
among the faculty and teaching assistants in the subject. A. summer 
course was developed and held in the summer of 1975 in which the year 
was " preplanned." People involved met every day in a trial course, 
planning and preparing themselves to teach such courses. The program, 
funded on a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities was 
considered a success by the committee. ' 

F~nding for the proposed change is to come from monies currently 
a~allable for the Literature/E~glish 10 courses. Literature/English 10 
~Ill no longer be offered according to Avrum Stroll, faculty advisor to the 
Vice-chancellor of academic affairs. The committee also hopes that 
another grant will ?e forthcoming from the NEH, hopefully a major 
development grant 10 the range of $300,000-500,000. This pilot program, 
whcn completed and running smoothly, is hoped to be used as an example 

Cantinued on Page 5 

Grobstein To Hire Officer 
To Promote UCSD Image 

by Vera M. I. Todorov 
Staff Writer 

Although UC San Diego is well 
known in the academic com-
munity, the campus is not well 
known in the " national mind" 
according to Vice-chancellor ~f 
University Relations Clifford 
Grobstein. 

To remedy this deficiency 
Grobstein plans to hire a senlo; 
public relations person, with ex-
perience in the national press 
corps. This new information offIcer 
will fill a post vacant since Cy 
Greaves retired last year. 

Grobstein feels there are many 
things worth publicizing at UCSD-
including research projects, the 
collegiate structure, visiting 
lecturers and the hiring of world-
renowned professors-becawse of 
the general Interest In scientific 
research and the liberal arts. 

No Football Team Blamed 
Grobstein blamed the campus' 

relative newness and lack of a 
football team for its paucity of 
national exposure. 

Although national publicity has 
been given to uam, notably as a 
result of the Nov. 25 demonstration 
against the CIA and the discovery 
of an general anti-allergen by 
faculty member Robert Ham-
burger, Grobstein feels the campus 
has not received enough national 
exposure. 

Grobeteln said the new in-
formation officer must have 
national media experience in order 
to Insure acceu to naUonal 
markets and publications. 

Additional national exposure 
may help U~D students get jobs 
upon graduation and increase 
private funding for the univ rsity, 
Grobstein said. 

Questioned by UC attorney 
Milton Gordon about the events 
that occurred during Saxon's walk 
from USB 2622 to Matthews 
campus, Bookman said he was 
pushed down on the bridge and was 
concerned for his health and 
safety. Bookman said he was 
concerned during the incident that 
the bridge might collapse since it 
was not build to hold 100 people 
jumping up and down." 

Bookman said that the students 
who linked arms caused the 
congestion on the bridge. He also 

Student 
Center: For 
The Duration 

The student center will remain 
open 24 hours a day for UC San 
Diego's exam week. 

From Monday through Saturday 
morning, according to EDNA's 
Steve Switala, rooms in the center 
will be set aside {or studying, pool, 
ping-pong and cards. Free refresh-
ments will also be available, he 
said. 

The service is ~ponsored by 
EDNA, Psychological Counseling 
and Services, Page lIMuir 
Finance Committee, the Third 
College Activities Committee and 
EAB fraternity . 

Paul Caldwell, injured in a 
h ngliding accident 
wednesday , died lat 
Sunday (Photo courtesy 
Mike Greene) 

said it took "more than touching" 
for him to move the students who 
linked arms. 

Smiling and Talking 
Defense attorney Tom Bowden 

showed Bookman a series of 
photographs taken during Saxon's 

Student Center Director 
Mark Bookman (TT Photo : 
Tad Sperry) 
walk from the bridge to Matthews 
campus, which showed Saxon 

smiling and talking with students. 
The only photographs in which 

Saxon appeared to be upset were 
those taken as he tried to enter a 
police car on Matthews campus. 

Bookman said that Saxon's 
displeasure was probably caused 
by his inability to enter the back 
door of the car. Saxon had to be led 
around the car before he could get 
in. 

Bowden also showed Bookman a 
series of ohotographs of students 
linking arms in front of the crowd, 
none of whom were among the ten 
charged. 

The two hour hearing was lightly 
attended, with only three student 
spectators. Three of the charged 
students were present, after 

. resolving Friday night to boycott 
the hearings. Bowden was the only 
member of the defense present. ' 

Bowden requested that a 
separate verdict be made for each 
student on each of the charges 
against them : endangering 
Saxon's health and safety, im-
peding his movement and not 
following the directions of the 
University official. Lugannani 
directed the defense to prepare a 
brief on the dismissal of the 
charges by March 23. 

The hearings will reconvene 
AprilS at 10 am. 

Coop Action Center to 
Study SBPC Question 

by Ken Stipanov 
Staff Writer 

.The Student Cooperative avoided 
a major battle over the withdrawal 
of UC San Diego's representation 
on the Student Body Presidents 
Council (SBPC) Monday night by 
setting up an action center to study 
the question. 

The action center is charged with 
the broad role of examining the 
SBPC, UCSD's involvement on 
statewide committees, UC student 
gove rnment in general and 
alternatives to the present student 
government structure. 

The action center, which is open 

Researcher 
·Dies After 
Operation 

Paul Caldwell, the uc San 
Diego researcher who was in-
jured In a hangliding accident 
last week at Torrey Pines park, 
died last Sunday night from 
complications resulting from a 
second operation to repair his 
ruptured aorta. 

Before Caldwell died he used 
about 50 pints of blood. 

Friends close to the Caldwell 
family say it will be impossible 
for relatives and friends to 
completely refund the blood bank 
for what was u d and donations 
from the UCSD community are 
needed to repay the deficit. 

Blood should be donated in 
Caldwell's name to the San Diego 
Blood Bank, 440 Upa St., 
downtown. The phone nunlber i 
296-6393. 

Caldwell, who was 32, worked 
for the Physics departm nt. 

to any student, is to present its 
findings to the Coop and make 
proposals on which the Coop is to 
act. 

The Coop had been scheduled to 
make a concrete decision on with-
drawing from the SBPC at the 
meeting. 

No timetable was advanced for 
the completion of the action cen-
ter's study. 

Propaganda Collective Quizzed 
The Coop also discussed the 

responsibilities and actions of the 
Propaganda Collective action 
center. 

Mark Rapaport questioned 
whether the collective had been 
publicizing the activities of the 
Coop as it should. 

Collective members replied that 
they were publicizing meetings, 
but that they were over-extended 
because most of the members were 
involved in other action centers as 
well. 

BRG Inve tlgated 
The Coop briefly discussed the 

Student Registration Fee Com-
mittee investigation of the 
BudgeVResource Group (BRG) . 

Bob Simon, cochalnnan of the 
committee, said the conunittee is 
looking into how the BRG had 
allocated mon this year and was 
trying to ather opinions on the 
subject. 

BRG member Monty Reed 
st "ongly u gested that Simon and 
Vi ~e-chancellor for Student Affairs 
Gf.Orge Murphy-who is the other 
co<:hairman of th registration f 
committ , ar attempting to 
Im"""""I",, thl> ('n0!'~ pnwer by 
qu tioning it. 

In oth r buslu ~ , the Coop 
el ted t ve Wellington to the 
BRG as Coop representative and 

t up a procedure to limit the 
length of w kly m tings. 



Mark Woelber 
Mau, .... editor 

James G. Sote 
CUyedltor 

Craia hid. 
Oplnfon editor 

Mark Stadler 
New. editor 

tiara J. LoWeD 
CommlUllty editor 

The Triton Times is recognized as the officiol student newspaper by 
the C~mmunications Boord of UCSO. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of the maiority of the editoriol board (obove). and not the 
views of the University, the Communications Boord or the student 
b04y. 

BOA Needs Students 
The Board of Authority needs applicants. 
The board was formed last month to provide for student control, in 

conjunction with director Mark Bookman, of the Student Center. It is an 
atlempt to allow more student control over their lives in the university. 
Among BOA's responsibilities will be budget planning, space allocation 
and personnel selection. 

An ad hoc committee, made up of representatives from the Student 
Cooperative, the Graduate Student Council and the student center staFf, 
will choose the BOA memberships. Members of the board will be 
rl'presentative of the same units. 

But the ad hoc committee needs people to make their selection from. U 
you think student control of the St~dent Center Is worthwhile, If you think 
student self-government is a worthy objective, then you should apply. U 
you are interested in making the Student Center responsive to student 
need, apply. 

THE AMERICAN 
TRIBAL LOVE-ROCK 

MUSICAL 
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK CITY 

BOOK & LYRICS: GEROME RAGNI 
JAMES RADO 

MUSIC: GALT MAC DERMONT 

FUll ORCHESTRA & CHORUS 
SPECIAL 

LIGHTING EFFECTS 

Wt'tlIlCliday, March 10, 1971 

Letters to the Editor 

Open Letter to Anti-Cia Coalition 
We support the recent actions 

of the U~D community in ex-
posing and opposing the in-
volvement of the CIA at UC 
campuses. UC President Samn 
and the UCSD administration have 
consistently denied responsibility 
for and attempted to obscure the 
issues of CIA research contracts 
with professors and recruibnent 
programs at the University. This is 
unacceptable to us. 

We affirm the right of students to 
control their educational in-
stitutions, and the responsibility of 
students to act to prevent these 
institutions from implicit or ex-
plicit support or CIA activities such 
as : 1) creation and support of 
fascist regimes in Third World 
countries, 2) attempts to 
assassinate Third World leaders, 
3) sterilization programs to in-

Mud Slinging 
At Men 

I have heard enough mud-
slinging by you " liberated" women 
lately in the Triton Times to give us 
guys a castration complex. It 
seems logical to me, at least, that if 
you gals find the reporting and 
editing so objectionable, that you 
go out and submit your own 
columns of political news, sports, 
and other journalistic prose. I find 
it hard to believe that the "sexist", 
" male-cha vinist-domi na ted" 
editorial board would refuse a good 
story, even from a female. 

If you women, the vocal minority 
(and I do optimistically hope you 
are a minority), insist on blatantly 
criticizing the work of men without 
yourselves getting involved, then I 
dare say society is correct in 
retaining men to be the 'doers." 

Additionally, let me suggest that 
you firebrands take yourselves a 
bit less seriously. From the way 
you rant and rave, it sounds like 
women are b~ing deprived of equal 
opportunity. Incidentally, it's just 
as hard for a guy to enter a 
professional career as it is for a 

~irl (and many find it more dif-
fi cult because they are males. ) 

Finally, I wonder why "Big 
Sister" hasn't gwnption enough to 
expose her true identity. 

ALAN MANDEL 
EXP. PATHOLOGY 

REDKEN 
Closed Sunday and Monday 

5625 La JoII. BlwI. 
La Joli. 4S9-8218 

Rtdkm Retlil Ctnl~ 

crease social control lof Third 
World countries, and countless 
other crimes agalnst humanity. 

We stand finnly behind your 
efforts to educate the people as to 
the oppressive and immoral ac-

tivities of the CIA and of the role of 
the University in supporting such 
activities. 

STUDENT UNION 
UCSANTACRUZ 

Writer Takes Harder Look 
At Pre-Med Preparation 

This letter is written in response 
to the "Pre-Med Student Laum;" 
letter (TT, Feb. 'l1). Certain 
clarifications and additions must 
be made in order to present Scott 
Rubin's entire medical success 
story. 

Rubin failed to mention all the 
research he really didn't want to 
do, the smiles he had to throw at 
the right people, and the suspicion 
of people around him. The 
pre-medical student should not be 
deceived into beli.eving that 
medical schools are receptive to a 

non-science major without a 
science background. How many 
courses would it take for Scott 
Rubin to complete a biology 
major? I believe that a complete 
disclosure of Scott Rubin's 
biologjcaVmedical involvements 
and activities would seriously 
undermine his claim of acceptance 
due to a major in the social 
sciences. 

Lastly, Rubin's pri\ise of the pre-
med counseling service is biased, 
because Scott was accepted to a 
med school in January. 

JOELC. OON 

Mind Suppression 
It is unfortunate to see the 

tremendous degree of closemind-
edness still prevalent among the 
student population. Regardless of 
the issue, young opinions today are 
set far more firmly than those of 
even a half generation past. 
Creative radicalism is mocked, 
labels are far too frequently and 
easily thrown around. Any attempt 
to break down the artificial social 
conditioning that has been forced 
upon us as guilt is chided as either 
absurd or immature. 

Analyse the premise upon which 
you base those values which are so 
important to you. Restriction of 
individuality is the fundamental 

basis of that foundation supporting 
and producing your feelings of 
anti-self. Disregard the cultural 
fantasy imposed upon you as real 
and you are left with the essential 
being. The redirection of creative 
energy by society, that amorphous 
"THEY" that people refuse to 
acknowledge as themselves, eats 
away the potential for ad-
vancement. What are YOU doing 
to enjoy the paradise surrounding 
us. Break the chains of self 
restriction, the trivial rules and 
regulations of "it jilst isn't done." 
Perhaps then you may start to 
realize and actualize your potential 
being. 

THE BLACK HOLE 

The Triton Times is recognized by the Communicatl.ons Board of UCSO as the olllclal 
student newspaper. Publication is on Mondays . Wednesdays and FrIdays eluring the 
regular school year (except on official holidays). Editorial and business ollices are 
located in 117 Blake Hall on the R8IIelie College campus , Univers ity 01 Cal iforn ia, San 
Diego. 

Letters to the Editor and opinion cOlumns are welcomed. All submissions should be 
typed on a 74·space line on nonerasable paper. They Should not exceed three pages in 
length double·spaced. The Triton Times reserws the right to edit submissions because 
of space limitations or style requirements . 

For editorial . call 452·3466; forbusiness and display ad-'Isements. call 452·3466. 
Enti re con tents copyright 1976, Triton Times. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
If you ha ve d iff iculty gelling your 
ideos dow'h on poper, or you 
simply w ant 10 improve your 
writing ski ll s, the Writ ing clinic can 
ossist you . The Wri ting Clin ic is not 
o closs bu t 0 free service . Wri ting 

Ethnic 

pdvice is offered on a one-to·one 
basis on course papers. proposo ls, 
resumes, scholarly art icles .-
whotever the need. If we ca n ossist 
you in any way call 452-2522 or 
come to Hl 1254. 

from the 
Mediterranean, Middle East, Orient. 

KUCHI DRESSES 
GYPSY SCARVES 
NOMADIC JEWELRY 
SARONGS 
FABRICS 
EGYPTIAN FINGER CYMBALS 
ORIENTAL RUGS 

Wt'lluclldoy, March 10,1971 

TRB 

Same Time Last Year 
A year ago America's I6-year involvement in Vietnam 

cracked and crumbled. What is left are some young 
Americans in exile, a national mental blockage amounting to 
near psychosis and some behavioral quirks that would 
delight a psychiatrist: distrust of ourselves, alienation, a 
lassitude of will and a clutch of presidential candidates 
roam!ng the nation and warning against the federal govern-
ment. 

America's allies pray that we will snap out of it soon, using, 
perhaps, the standard therapy of such cases: reconstruction 
of the painful events, one by one, leading up to the blackout. 
"One year ago," munnurs the patient on the couch . "It 
seems like a century, an age!" It was only March 5,1975, 
however, that newspapers inconspicuously noted the start of 
the new North Vietnamese attack in the Central Highlands. 

It was the beginning of the end. Ford was "terribly 
disappointed" that Congress delayed $522 million sup-
plemental aid in the emergency. But a year ago the nation 
was fed up: Gallup reported 78 percent of the public opposed 
more aid; the House Democratic caucus voted 1119-49 against, 
it. 

The fall of the Lon Nol regime in Cambodia " could vitally 
affect the national security of the United States," Ford 
warned Congress on March 17. Such nonsense seems in-
credible a year later. But we had heard statements like that 
for years and, besides, South Vietnamese troops began 
abandoning provincial capitals, followed by hundreds of 
thousands of pitiful civilians. On March 20 last year, Ford 
linked the retreat to the uncertainty of US aid, and Defense 
Secretary Schlesinger charged " niggardly" support. 

Hue fell, the former imperial capital. W~shington tension 
grew. The New York Times unexpectedly declared on March 
21 that it would be " unconscionable" to cut off ammunition 
for Saigon, and it urged a three-year terminal aid program 
" to remove the Vietnam issue from next year's (1976 ) 
presidential election." The Communists removed it them-
selves. Americans on television watched South Vietnamese 

• rl.oll '11J1('S 
troops fight civilians to get on thlast plane from Da Nang. 

Was that only last year? Silrely it must have been longer ! 
The climax came soon, but as always, with surprising 
details. Scoop Jackson told the Senate, April 8, that he was 
" reliably informed" that former President Nixon had ma de 
"secret agreements" with Saigon: Yes, said the White House 
the next day, but only to assure Saigon (in 1973 ) that the US 
would " react vigorously" to any violation of the pending 
cease-fire agreement. We wanted Thieu to come along, just 
as we had when Kissinger electrified the nation, just before 
the 1972 election, that "peace is at hand." 

The Communist advance rolled forward. Ford suddenly 
asked an evening joint session of Congress, April 10, for $722 
million more aid to help Saigon " save itself." Maybe this 
wasn't an effort to put the monkey on Congress' back but it 
looked like it. It was evident the end was near. The Pentagon 
estimated that $780 million of US-supplied arms had been lost 
in the retreat. 

Cambodia surrendered, April 10. That ended one US ad-
venture : an unprovoked and unconstitutional presidential 
war. It recalled the Christmas bombing of Hanoi and 
Haiphong, also ordered by Nixon without consultation. The 
bombing was too bad, State Department officials agreed 
later, because this most intensive bombing in history (2000 
strikes in 12 days) was not a military necessity; it was a 
sweetener to persuade Premier Thieu to come along with the 
cease-fire negotiations. 

Sa igon surrendered April 30. That ended 30 years of 
bloodshed. Thc war began as a na tive rebellion, led by Ho Chi 
Minh, to throw off French colonial rule . The US was half 
sympathetic at first but finally decided French mora le had to 
be bolstered. The US provided financial aid to France, and 
after she was thrown out began supplying military advise rs 
to the South in the Civil war that followed. Always there were 
two beliefs, first the belief that all undeveloped countries 
would love America if only they got to know us a nd second, 
the belief in monolithic Communism. It was as simple as 
that : good and bad. 

The first belief brought the classic peroration of Senator 

Pagel 

Ken Wherry in Missouri discuss ing China in the '405. " With 
God's h Ip we will lift Shanghai up . nd up - ever up, until it is 
just like Kansas City." 

And the other belief brought hardly less roma ntic ut-
terances: Secretary Dulles tha t we would make Laos a 
" bastion of the free world , " and Jack Kennedy tha t " the 
security of all Southeast Asia will be endangered if Laos loses 
its neutralist independence." 

We knew these things were true- until a year ago. 
" Probably the only people who have the historical sense of 
inevi table victory are the Americans," Englis h political 
scientis t Denis Brogan once wrote with awe. And so it was 
never understood in Washington, 'explained David Halber-
stam, that what was happening in Vietnam " was a 
revolutionary war, and that the other s ide held title to the 
revolution because of the colonial war which had just ended." 

Europeans watc hed Was hington and Saigon with equal 
curiosity a year ago. The Sunday Times (London ), April 6, 
saw " a pitiful lack of dignity" in Washington : "The 
President rails at Congress, as if a few million dollars could 
change the course of history." The Dally Telegraph decided 
that America's other alliances were safe: " The United States 
never at any time had the ' will to win' in Vietnam." 

The London Times summed it up - there were " two fla ws" 
in Ame d can policy [rom the first , it said: " one was the 
tendency to see the tentacles of a centrally-directed com-
munist conspiracy everywhere ... The other was the tendency 
to see the Amer ican polit ical system as the natural and 
universal goal of human endeavor." 

Exactly. And these myths departed a year ago as America 
lost its innocence and came of age. It happens to nearly 
everybody, soone r or later , but it is hard to face . It helps 
account for the d isillusionment and alienation of the election 
mood. F ord still a ttacks Congress : the other day he clllled it 
"gutless" about Angola. We sent 550,000 to Vietnam, but it is 
still ha rd to forgive Cuba for sending 10,000 to Angola. 
Congress is still to blame; we lost the Great Society and got 
inflation in the war ; some draft evaders are still in exile 
wishing they had a pardon like Nixon, and the thing cost the 
US $170 bi llion and 55,000 lives. It ended a year ago. 

RESEARCH 
FREE CATALOG! 

Even the tooth fairy 
needs help! 

Wri te or call lor your copy 01 our 
latesl calalog of over 5.000 re-
search sludles These studies are 
deSigned to HELP YOU IN THE 
PREPARA nON of 

THE O.A.T. Revi_ Seminar offers a comprehensive 4'h day course on consecutive 
weekends . deSigned to raise your OAT. score. The seminars utilize lectures.lake home 
malerlals and practice O,A.T. eKams, A course to prepare for the UCSF Performance Test 
IS al so available. For Information and enrollment materials call : [2t31 886·4468. or write: 
DAI . Review Seminar. 9801 Bllboa Blvd . No!1hrldge Cali! . 91324. 

• Research Papers 
• Essays • Case StudIes 
• Speeches • Book ReVIews 
WE ALSO DO CUSTOM WRITING 

MINUTE RESEARCH 
1360 N Sandburg .'602 
Chicago. IllinOIS 60610 

312-337· 2704 

SINBERS, * DINCERS, * MUSICIANS 
Tryout and perform in the 1976 Bicentenn ia l 

'There 
reeI~S life sal , 

. 

4)1976 CallfornlCl AvO(odo Aawlsory Boord Newpon 8e<xh (oll'OI'nlO 

We'lI Send you a free booklet on Avocado Seed Growing 
if you'lI send us 25¢ for handling and postage. Address ii ' 
Seed Growing , P.O. Box 2162 Costa Mesa CA 92626 
Allow 4-6 wks for delivery. OH~r expires De~ . 3 1. 1976. 

, INSIDE EVERY 
CAUFORNIA AVOCADO 

THIRE'S A FlEE TREE. 
AND SOMIONE 10 

TA'K1Q" 

DATE: 

Eleven week summer Job and 
workshops," enterta inment 
JUNE 13 - AUGUST 28. 1976 

Perlorm in front of thousands stili imprOVing your sk ilis at 

Disneyland / Walt Iillaney World 
For Quali fied cOllege students 

Live aud itions Will be held a t the following location : 

PLA E: 
at urday and Sunday 

Ma rch 27 and 28 , 1976 
Ana heim I: ultural 
Art entEr 
931 o. Harbor Blvd 
Anaheim , - alifornia 
in th Dan e oom . 

T IM E: 12:00 n n to 6:00 pm. 

Singers. Dancers and Illsictans plepare a three mltlute performance selection 
BRING YOUR MUSIC. ~SIClaoS brltlg your own tnstruments 

Eq uat OpportUni ty Employ r 
For further information . pt ase write Ell n Lem 
A~mlnlstr.tlve Fine Arts Coord.,"ator , Disneyland ' 1313 Harbor Blvd . Anah 1m . CA 92803 

. -~ .... .-...--



WI 
This 

e •• rll. .llmllr 

Finally the tea being cold she's working on the work for tomorrow 
running back and forth once in a while a comment caught on the run. 

Seeing things too clearly yu might put some meat into an understanding 
the threads that connect severing for at least a while. In that while the 
gaps. Keep thinking there's someone that yu are but i'm there with that 
other so the dream all comes true. 

Bernadette defends her dishes in suitcases bolted to the living room 
floor. 

Something saying for a way perhaps on the cany~n wall becky cries 
through someone i'm gonna ' tell this all too but she's knowing now doing 
the dishes. 

There are. things more valuable than sleep when you are up against the 
wall punching without any bags or gloves and every stroke has to count. 
This no longer gets literary or dream like it no longer imagined no way of 
a definition this is love that can be touched and tasted its problems only 
shining on its bright manuscript. Every cut from now on a johnna be with 
precursor fine honed precision with sharpness as the guiding edge. And 
the end issues is moving towards an end result envisioned long before 
Blake laid the foundation. 

Renedgade in a bush lasted about 25 years more. When death stares yu 
in the face work becomes so clear. Read about Skelton. 

So the next morning here i am hitchhik ing in sm after being thrown out 
of court for an offense not committed only wished committed the valley 
here opens up into the sky and the pasture across the highway smells like 
a pasture. With dew clear in contrast to these subdivisions sitting in 
waiting to thumb a ride. 

A dairy truck makes a left past MY vantage point while grey clouds 
drifts on in from the coast. Smells together for rain but fuck this is 
California and it hasn't rained but for yesterday. 

Noises from the house next door drown the silence preceeding the 
. beating from the green house, dark in the slenders of Santana off a stereo 
and a big front tree. In bed with another man 's woman is such a crock of 
shit. Egg truck passes by. ' 

This other house here has chickends. The one behind me a yellow . 
Mazda. The lady in there called the cops. It is the depths of the suburbs. 
All the rabbitts pass by. 

Forty more years we got at the most so let the chains rattle and belch 
doors slam and parking benches be set with a boom. Crapped cropped 
hair in the movies as the wind shield roar by cropped hair in the wind-
shields as the movie roars by. There's a knock at the door hours earlier its 
a german accent man looking for Gonzalez. Turns out to be the new next 
door neighbor aren't the old ones enough she let me use the phone, said 
hank. 

~ /~~~ o / ~ ~~~«,«-~ / Falcone ~( ~, Family 
Restaurant 

IS the new name 101 

ucso BEll V DANCE CLUB 
PRE~ENTS 

.---....--1{.rcnt I) i9'9t 
- MENU -
~'~~~':tt..,..." .... J/: ... ." ,.. ,*#--~-~~,~~=, 

~ ROLLED stUFFED GRAPE If._VU t £ ROLLED CA88AGE LEAV[S IMEAt AND RICE I 1 
STEWED GREIN BEANS IN TOMATO SAUCE Uo 
TAIO'" SALAD (GREENS ANO CRACKlO WHEAT • 

ON LETTUCE LEAVESI 
MUleC. DIII ';H: INO 0 ' 1ft' MIO lAsr 1

8AKEO STUFFlD EGG PLANl (MEAT, ONIONS, PINE NUTSI . 

FRESH ARAIIIC BREAD ~ 

(, DINNER WIIU (aY OB IF DUIRED) 
BAKLAVA IOUSERT) J 
;'~~"""":#'''' ~ ' ..... :.'" N~"""'-~'~ ... ·.'" ~::.r:.~~:S .. 

THURSDAY MARCH" 7 PM IN rEANATIONAL CENTER 

COST S3 50 velO StUOtNTS eMECICS OR ~ONIiY ORDlRS ONl Y A(COTEO 
.. 50 GENfR"l AOMISSIO"4 MAKE '''YABl( TO UCSO IUl't' DANCE Clul 

llCKf r, ON A.L[ IN TH£ RlCP( ATlO,. GYM OF FICI 
NO "HONt RUIRVAflONS S AfiNG IS liMtl fO 

Wt'flnellday, M.reb II, 117. 

San Diegans Plan Walk For Disarmament 
The San Diego segment of the 

national Walk for Disarmament 
will begin Friday morning with a 
trek from the Mexican border to 
the Naval Administration Building 
in downtown San Diego. 

The walk, which begins at 9 am 
a t the San Ysidro border 
monwnent on Dairy Mart Rd., is 
coordinated with the Continental 
Walk for Disarmament and Social 
.Justice, which started in San 
Francisco Jan. 31 and is scheduled 
to end at the Pentagon in October. 

Education About Nonviolence 
The walk, according to local 

organizers, is " in recognition of the 
need for education about non-
violent resistance as a means 
superior to annaments in defense, 
to raise the issue of disarmament 
and to demonstrate how global and 
domestic economic problems are 
interconnected with militarism. " 

Groups sponsoring the walk 
include the American Friends 
Service Committee, and Catholic 
Peace Fellowship, the Gray 
Panthers, the National CoWlcil for 
Universal Unconditional Amnesty, 
the Southern Christian Leadership 
Council, the Socialist Party, the 
Women's International League for 

Peace and Freedom and the War 
Resisters League. 

Local participants plan to walk 
eight miles Friday and spend the 
night in a church in Chula Vista. 
Saturday morning they will con-
tinue the remaining eight miles to 
the naval building. 

Sunday morning a motorcade 
will transport walkers to River-
side, where they will join the main 
walk at a rally and picnic. 

Two meetings concerning the 
walk, a benefit and a planning 
session, have been held in recent 
weeks. Monday night at San Diego 
State's Aztec Center potential 
walkers were instructed in non-
violent discipline. 

Last Monday night Daniel 
Ellsberg spoke to over 400 spec-
tators at a benefit for the walk on 
the SDSU campus. 

Gregory&ndoff 
EIlsberg also took part in the 

opening stages of the walk in San 
Francisco, which saw a reported 
1000 people sent off by Dick 
Gregory, who said, "Anyone who 
walks across the country in the jet 
age is depending on spirtual 
power." 

Local organizer Debbie Tippin, 

Buy.cente 
t 

an SDSU student, sees the walk as 
an excellent way to present the 
case for disarmament to the 
people. 

"The simple action of walking 
symbolizes that great goals are 
reached slowly, and that fun-
damental change must begin in our 
neighborhoods where the issues 
are discussed," Tippin said. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
House Advisor oppl icants for Mu ir 
College are now being accepted. 
The first step is to get a referral 
from the Student Employment 
Office. Application deadl ine is 
March 19. For more information, 
contact the Mu ir Residence Hal ls 
Office. at e)(tension 4200. 
Applications for Resident Adv isors 
for Fall Quarter 1976 are available 
at the office of the Resident Dean, 
Th ird Co llege . Applicat ion 
deadline is Morch 30. 

Do you wont to have a voice in the 
state legislature? Apply for a 
student intern in the UC lobby. 

. Spend spring quarter working with 
Assembly Bill and Governor's 
budget. Contact Douglas Hendri)(, 
c/ o Student Organizations. 

Get some of our 
Bicentennial Greenl 

If some cash from University a nd S tate 
Em ployees Credit Union could take 
care o f your Loan-Some Blues, invest in 
a qUick call to your credit union . We' ll 
help you take it from there. The proce-
dure is quick. simple and priva te. 

You ' ll fi nd our loan ra tes ge nerally 
lower than any o th er lending institution. 
And that goes for a uto loans, home im-
proveme nts, furn iture. travel , bill con-
solidation, nearly a nyth ing you need 
money for. Afte r all , with over 12 mil-

lion dollars in assets , imagine what we 
can do for you as a qualified cred it 
union member. 
And , to make borrowing through your 
credit union an even wiser move we 
have " payroll deduction" . As a Univer-
sity or S tate Employee you may have a 
prede termined amount taken out of 
your paycheck automatically to payoff 
that loan (or those loans) quickly and 
easily. 
Call , let us help you. 

[]]~[§ 
University & Slate Employees Credil Union 

UCSD 
3100 Gilman Dr. 

Matthews Campus - -
La Jolla, Calif. 92037 ti ~ 

(714) 453-5620 
OTH R OFFI ES TO ERVE YOU: 
' ~n o.ogo. 5555 MIId,<!d ' 1' •• 1 .. n Diogo. CIIU/ 92110,1 71 1297 I JI! 

O'U 5 19 1 oUvg Ave nOi"'Jo. C,Io/ 92 It ~;,( 714\ 2!l(,· 421(1 
U Davo. TB 115. DtlvI> C.,III %616 (91,,175'1. 11117 

Wec!ne-y, Match 10.1971 • rI.on •• OM'S 
Records 
Bad Company--Forgettable; Pretty Things--

Not Too; Sweet--Teeny-Boppish 
by Alex Bennett 

StaHWriter 
Run With The Pack - Bad Com-
pany. Swan Song. 

This la Bad Company's third 
albollD. In it, they remain true to 
(heir commibnent to gutsy, down-
to-earth rock-n-roll. Afficionados 
of HItS-style rock should enjoy the 
strong and honest simplicity that is 
found throughout the album. 

Paul Rodgers' brisk vocals and 
Mick Ralphs' biting guitar 
dominate the albwn. They also 
wrote most of the songs, some of 
which reveal their softer sides 
(l ike " Love Me Somebody") 
without sacrificing their rock 
foundation. 

Despite the album's consistency, 
there are few songs that really 
stand out. It is as though they felt 
that it was enough that the music 
was rock, and did not need to be 
made more exciting. 

Savage Eve - Pretty Things. Swan 
Song. 

The Pretty Things ' have been 
around since 1964. Rolling Stone 
called them "a seminal influence 
in British rock ." Other critics and 
stars have also expressed ad-
miration for them. No, I had not 
heard ofthem before either. 

If their latest album is a 
reflection of their seminal in-
fluence, then perhaps it is in the 
sense that it represents rock's 
lowest common denominator. This 
might be too harsh, but in the face 
of such hype, one expects 
something more than "Savage 
Eye" delivers. 

The Pretty Things have suc-
ceeded in slickly combining many 
disparate elements of rock music. 
The nwnbers range from rowdy 
tunes with an accented beat to 
excursions into the Crosby Stills & 
Nash kind of spirituality. The 
problem is that they have not 
achieved anything beyond the grist 
they were working with. The music 

sounds either empty or like so 
many other songs. One senses at 
times an artistic vision , but it is 
never developed into a distinctive 
expression. 

Give Us A Wink-Sweet. Capitol. 
Sweet is mainly known for their 

AM hit " Fox on the Run II a 
beautifully sexist hard-r~ker. 
They are members of the genre 
that includes such groups as Kiss 
and Blue Oyster Cult ; their music 
is characterized by a relentlessly 
pounding beat. Their appeal seems 
to be more towards the teeny-
bopper audience, as a look at the 
tastefully juv~nile cover of the 
album would indicate. 

Some might consider the music 
ins ide to be tastelessly juvenile as 
well, but it does have a real appeal 
when one is in the right (i.e., 
rowdy) mood. It has a consistently 
strong, fast-paced beat that carries 
the listener solidly and smoothly 
through the songs: what m y friend 

Continued on Page ~ 
The only song that really sticks 

in the mind is the title track, " Run 
With The Pack." Many of the 
others tend to be forgotten once 
they are over. The result is that 
unless you are especially ' in-
terested in this sort of music, the 
album is likely to seem pleasant 
but nondescript. 

Two One-Act Plays Set 
·Two new one-act plays by 

Michele Tikhonoff, a graduate 
student in the UC San Diego drama 

Writing Lab .... 
for other universities which are attempting to change their writing 
program. The committee emphasizes that this program is not a remedial 
program. It is designed to improve students' skills and writing style. 
Every student would have the chance to improve his writing in such a 
situation . 

Reactions Varied 
Reaction to the program is varied. David Crowne chairman of the 

committee, emphasizes the need for a program such as this, as does 
Stroll. Alden Mosshammer, chairman of the Hwnanities committee 
declined to comment. ' 

In an informal poll conducted on the Revelle plaza, reactions were also 
mixed. A majority of those polled were against the new program. Such 
comments as "We have enough work already," " that's the job of the high 
schools," "We already have the same thing: LiVIO, and why bother?" 
were common. 

Those in favor of the program saw a need for a writing program; some 
people felt that the program would add grea te r de pth to the current 
lIumanities sequcnce. The Revelle faculty was overwhelmingly in favor 
of the new program. 

department, will open in the UCSD 
Studio Theatre, MC 409, at 8 pm 
Friday. 

The first play, "Jacks," deals 
with both the positive and the 
negative aspects of jealousy and 
possessive love. The director, 
Benny Sato Ambush, is also a 
graduate student in the depart-
ment and has previously worked 
throughout New England_ 

The second play , " Dover 
Beach," presents its audience with 
original insights into the nature of 
maturing feminine consciousness 
in a society that has only recently 
recognized women as having 
minds as complex as men's. 
" Dover Beach" is directed by Tom 
Reynolds, a graduate director with 
pl'evious experience at UC Santa 
Barbara. 

The plays will be repeated at 8 
pm Saturday and Sunday. 

ROOM DRAW 

MESA 
for UG 

REVELLE 

MUIR -
APTS. 
DORMS 

THIRD 

FOURTH 

DEADLINE 

4 / 2 

4 / 5 

Noon 4 / 9 
Noon 4 / 9 

4pm 4/6 

4 :30 pm 
4 / 12 

ROOM 
DRAW 

4 / 9 

4 / 14-4 / 16 

9 am 4 / 13 
9 am 4 / 16 

4/13 

ELIGIBILITY 

See Resident Dean 

.; 
Revelle students 
first, Others-space 
available Excep-
tions for Theme 
Suites 

Muir students first , 
Others - space 
available Excep-
tions for Theme 
groups 

Third Studants 
Only 

Evening of Fourth Students 
4 / 16 Only Exceptions for 

Theme Suites 

CONTACT 
Rick Bayer 

X2586 

Phil Kirchner 
X3027 

Willie Brown or 
Cheryl Liang 

X4200 

Yolanda Trevino 
X4340 

Paula Hui 
X4682 

TWHEME HOUSES Include Foreign Language, Quiet Houee. Wlldern ••• Hou.e, 
.ter Sporta Hou_ .nd Community Hou_ . 

:tud.nte mey .Ign up In group. for .ult ••• t Muir. For further information on room 
rawe .nd theme hou •••• 0811 the per.on. lI.ted .bov •. 

I'age 5 

THE THRILL 

~ ITZ 
I by STEVE ESM EDNA 

The State of Rock Cri ticism 
In the current issue of "Rollin~ Stone,"critic-columnist Jon Landau 
bo~s out tearfully from rock criticism. His reasons are various : he's 
1.!0 J ~g to concentrate on record production (searching for new 
Sprmgstecns no doubt, ) he needs a vacatioll from deadlines; but mostly 
h . belie~es that rock writing is in an aesthetic vacuum. He cites the lyric' 
ol'lentatton of most rock reviewers, noting how too many of the reviews of 
Pa ul Simon's "Still Crazy After All These Years" concentrated on the 
litcral level of the record while ignoring the eclectic musical structure. 

Landau's allegations are valid enough, but what he fails to deal with at 
Icngth is that he is one of the prime offe nders in this regard. Any critic 
who can make an a morphous pronouncement that an artist as rooted in 
J'ock and roll readymades as Bruce Springsteen is " the rock and roll 
fu ture" and never explain it in aesthet ically reasonable terms should be 
the last to complain a bout the lack of crit ical substance. 
. Anyway, i.n vie.w of Landau 's writing in the last two years, I say good 

riddance, big shit a nd small stakes. I suspect that rock criticism will 
function with or without him. 

~t's funny. In 1967-68, when rock criticism was in its fledgling stages, its 
primary function was to argue for the Art of rock music. Journals like 
"Rolling Stone," "Crawdaddy," "Fusion," "Eye," and books such as 
Richard Meltzer's " The Aesthetics of Rock," Richard Goldstein's 
"Greatest H!ts" and Pa ul W.illiam's "Outla wBlues" took deliberate steps 
to put rock mto an aesthetic framework on par with what "Sight And 
Sound" and "Cahiers Du Cinema" did for movies. These attempts, while 
often pretentious (Meltzer) and naive (Williams), were exhilarating in 
their selfless seriousness. 

From this first wave of " rock-as-art" came a number o[ excellent 
young wl'iters whose sensibilities undoubtedly encouraged the rock 

re~aissance ?[ the late sixties. Robert Christgau, Lester Bangs, Langdon 
Wmner,. C?rell ~arcus and even Jon La ndau were outstanding critics, 
each writing With sharp aesthetic, technical and sociological tools. What 
most distinguished these writers was their willingness to m eet their 
subjects straight-on, deal with them at length, and to open up the works, 
not to simply trumpet the'm haphazardly or dump on them smugly . 

To see how these critical ideals have been shoved under the record rack 
a quick glance at some of last year's most renowned records is in-
structiona l : Bruce Springsteen's "Born To Run," The Who's "By 

umbers, to Neil Young's "Tonight's The Night" and ··Zuma. " All of these 
records, and more like them, are by my ear , terrible. Springsteen's is 
b labored myth-mongering, The Who's is a moribund exercise in rock 
star ~c1f-pity , and Young's are ragged. wretched, boringly formless 
confessions of depression. 

[f one takes the reviews ser iously without fir st listening to the records, 
he learns that Springsteen is a " tough, operatic consciousness who puts 
rock's rebel precepts into an aesthetic." Uh-uh. What he is is an un-
mitigatcd blend of Del Shannon a nd Conrad Birdie who sings everything 
with the same bogus urgency that threate ns eventually to give Bruce a 
severe case of laryngitis. This is a "seventies consciou ' ness? The future 
of rock and roJJ? " Hmm. A more appropria te monicker would be the 
.. Fonzie of rock and roll." 

The Who's " By Numbers" and Neil Young's twin sob stories have been 
applauded for thei r " searing honesty and candor." Never mind the fact 
that they are all melodically barren, rhythmica lly retarded, and so un-

Continued on Page 8 

ru . C!.. <:8an fJ:ji£90 C!.ampm. P'l.o9'1.am !Boa1.d p'l.t:~£nh 
A Mandeville Lecture 

DAvid HAlbERSTAM 
author of 

The B est & The Brightest 
........ , ...... " .............. . 

April 6, Tuesday, 8pm 
Mandeville Aud itorium 

St.$1, G.A. $2 
Tickets: UCSD Box Office Infor: 452·4090 



Wedaellday, March 10,1976 

RiYON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
For sale queen box & mattress $36. Green 
vel ... t couch $20. Lisa 436-1624 catl pm must 
sell by Mar.l' . (3/10) 

Chicago, Lydyrd Skynyrd cQflcertsl Choice 
IIoorseatHowS 1 to 18 27().7855. (3/10) 

For sale 65 VW sqbck. Reblt eng ext shape. 
Call 454 6777 (3/10) 

Skis Stratos w bind $50., Su rt board and 
wetsuit S65Stefan 453-0890. (3/12) 

3·adult tickets savings on Airline tickets to 
Lake Taho&oopen date 291-4316 (day) 291· 
1552 (night) (311 0) 

Turntable lor sale BSR McDonald 510 ax wi 
ADC cart . Exlnt. Cond . 550. 453-8604 - Rick 
(3/12) 

For Sate: The best bOokshelf speakers JBL 
Cenler 100. Sacrifice $100 each . Call Rich 
452,9925 (3/1 0) 

Man's large Scuba suil. Pants and jacket. 
New will Irade for hooded Scuba jackel or 
$50.00 488·2341 (3/10) 

1972 Honda CL·350. Runs well $400. Call 
459-8033 aller 5:00 p.m . (3/1 01 

74 Honda CL200 excetlenl cond,tlon 70 mpg 
exlras $650~8-7419 (311 0) 

1970 Honda 450 New electrical system . 
engine recently rebuilt. Good deal! $575 
Call Ed at 753-5724 (3/12) 

Hors&oBuckskln mare very gentle·well trained 
exlent disposition 291·4316 day 291 ·1552 

"night (3/12) 
Sansui 2000. receiver 4() watts per channel 
$370 new asking $175 J on i88·9524 . (3/101 

For Sale : 8· track tape players·one for car and 
one for stereo. Call Ron: 453-0826 . )3110) 

Glbson· SG. Excellent condition. Super-f, ne 
neck. reasonable. 756·1430 Lance. (3/101 

ItOUSiNG 
Own rOOm on house for rent $68. 75 / month . 
Clailemonl. Available 4/1 / 76 . 272-9932 Best 
aller 5 (3/12) 

Frmte wanted own rm Del Mar house 1 blk 
from bch . BrI< Frplc. coast cruiser rt . Non 
smkr. 590 mo . 75!H967. (3/101 

2 apts t br each fireplaces . Nrocean ctr of La 
Jotla. Mckuslck & assoc: Ms Clews 454-8846; 
454-4104 . (3/10) 

4 UCSD students seek In fo on house near 
beach for school yr 76/77 . Will pay finder rwd 
if we sign lease. Call 45~786 or 452·9571 . 
(3/101 

For rent·playmor, La Jolla· 3 bedroom. 1'1> 
balhs townhouse. Stove. refrigerator . 
disposal . dishwaSher. private patio·some 
furniture 454· 1449. (311 01 

For rent Single room in Del Mar house 343 9th 
Street or 755-6395 (3/ 101 

F rmmte wanted . Own fum . room y, btk from 
beach . Nonsmkr. O.B. nr Sunset Clills Apr. 1 
thru Juty 31 $90/month. lnctudes water. Nice 
4-plcK . good neighborhood . Call Donna or 
Nancy at 223·1228. Keep try ing . 13/121 

Student needed 10 share 2 Bdrm beach 
house. $t20 plus ulls . Immediately 755-6523 
8-tO a.m : 1 ().t2 p.m. Del Mar. (3/121 

M Roommate wanted to share 2 Bdrm ApI. w 
3 med studen ts . 1 ml fr UCSD. Avail now . 
Call 453·0935 alt . 513/101 

Housemate need for 2 bdr Townhouselpool 
nr every . Clmt . 110 /mo. Part furn 273-4030. 
(3/121 

M Roomate wanted . Own rm in 2 bedroom 
furn . apt. $99.00 & utilities not included. 
Nonsmkr. nice yard . Ph. 274-2564 . (3110) 

Rm. wanted ' In Del Mar or Solana. Near bus. 
Will pay $85 • $105 . Call 673·2689 co llect after 
7 p.m . Ask for Lou ise. (311 01 

Room available in condo (M.FI 2 mi. east of 
UCSD. 90/mo . Call Guy or Candy . 452·0487. 
(3/121 

Female rooma1e wanted. own room and bath 
on Kearny Mesa tOO mo. Available April t 
Call 292·9354 aller 5 (3 / 12) 

Your own room $tt2. Great locat ion near 4th 
St on Del Mar. 2 Bdrm apt. Mark . 75fr5473. 
f3/10) 

Housemate wanted Immediately . Own room . 
ClalfemonI68.50. 272·9932 after SIX. (3/12) 

lOST 6 fOUNd 
Lost -- Halliday and Resnick Physics Book 
In USB 2722 Friday the 5th . If lound call 453-
9587 ask for Barbe. (3/1 0) 

A mans jacket found In the Side Door Sunday 
Mar. 7. Claim in Trition Tfmeollice. (3/10) 

Umbrella. Black folding type in HL Wed. 
night 453·0658. (3110 

Lost : Glasses. GOld frames In brown case 
btwn Urey & Argo . Helpl I can 't see • call 
Chip 452·0922. (3/121 

Reward lor return of scruffy brown wallet and 
ID NO QUESTIONS . Leave a note for Anneat 
Food CooP. (3110) 

PERSONAls 
To WHAT" (A·klck: the puck : and nowl .. It 
has been a great quarter!! RFB (Coach) 
(3 / 101 
To Em ilia · your buns make my morning . 
How I love to eat em Thanks Tim. (3/10) 

What's i t mailer I cordially invlle all women 
to altend its playott game tonight at 9 on the 
gym. (3110) 

• SERVICES 
STEREO REPAIR . Student With professional 
train ing and experience in stereo repair. 
offers greally reduced rates to those on 

,student budgels. Repairs made on all makes 
and models. amps. preamps. receivers . 
tuners , tapes , and tables . Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE. Call im· 
mediately for free estimate and or problem ' 
consultation. Call 291·5927 . (3/12) 
If you want 10 take privale lessons In French 
cr Spanish from a language professor . call 
234·0391 X205. Alclde Tremblay No. 205 . 
1 ~23 5th Avenue. San Diego Ca . 921 01 (3/12) 

TYPlSt· IBM term paper. thesis. dissertat ion . 
etc . editing, rush jobs . xerox 56O· 817t , 452· 
1588. (3/121 

Blo lChem Clinic will be open the weekend 
before finals week . Sat Mar 13 Ihrough Mon 
Mar 15 12 pm · 4 pm 13/121 

Bring your last·minute Biology or Chemistry 
questions to the B,o /Chem clinic! (3/12) 

Massage workshops: Jln Shin. Swedish 
Esalen-march 13. SIS. Reflexology. Shiatsu, 
potarlty· March 14 515 . National center for 
the exploration of human potential 272-7330 
or 436-1335. (3/101 

Pyram'id energy is FREE !! 12" 106' pyramids. 
kits and books available at Pyramid Arts 810 
hwy . 101 Leucadia: 436·1067. (3/10) 

Watch & Jewelry repair. Rings sized guar. 
Work by Llc Jeweler. Student prices . Tim 
453-1207 (3/12) 

BiolChem clinic will be open Sat th rough 
Mon before finals . Hours will be t2 p .m . to 4 
p.m . (3/12) 

WANTEd 
UNIVERSITY LIBRARIAN 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA . SAN DIEGO. 
University Librarian . Responsibi lities: 
Overall adminIStrat ion of the campus library 
sys tem Including the Central University 
Library . the undergraduate library . the 
Scropps Institution of Oceanography Library 
and the Blomed,cal Liorary . The Library's 
collect,ons Include t .15O.ooo volumes ; the 
staff numbers 250. The UniverSity librarian 
represents UCSD In universl ty wlde . reg,onal . 
and nalional planning and development . and 
Is a member o f the Academic Senate . the 
ChancellOr's Council . and the universitywide 
Library CouncIl. Qualifications: Graduale 
professional degree in library science or its 
equivalent : scholarly achievemen t ; 
acquaintance w ith current issues in higher 
education and the changing role of ~esearch 
libraries : successful administrative ex-
penence in university libraries . Including 
au lomation . stall development and employee 
relal ions : familiarity with the problems of 
collection de;elopment . in formation services 
and bibliographic con trol in academic 
libraries. ApPOintment Will begin September 
1976 or as soon therealler as praclicable. 
Salary open . Applications and nominations 
are requested by May 1 and should be sen t to 
Professor Andrew Wright. Chairman . Search 
Commillee . c l o C J. Finney. Academic 
Affai rs ITT)··Q-OOt . Unoverslty of Calilornla 
La Jolla. Calo fornla 92093. 

UCSD is an Equal Opporlunity I AffirmatIve 
Action Employer. Women & minorities are 
encouraged to apply 13 / tO) 

Need electriC typewrller. Can pay $4().max . 
Call 459·9Q27 . (3 /10) 

Wanted to Buy : One tirm double mattress. 
Paul 296·9231 eves. (3/10) 

Need eKtra cash? Buying old U.S. coins . Also 
buying U.S. sliver COins minted before 1965. 
Ken . 453·7924 . (3112) 

Part time job spr qtr. Reader for clinical 
psych course adv degree & e,pr. Dr . Ger t 
453·7500X3451 (3/10) 

Wanted: Tickets to "Good Woman 0 Set. 
zuan" for any nite. Call 75fr4605 aller 6:00 
p.m . Ask for Mati (~ 110) 

TRAVEl 
EUROPE . ISRAEL. Orient. N.Y. TGC Low 
cost flights. 1436 S. La Cienega BI. LA 
9OO36 .(7141735·9618 0r (2131652·2727 .(3/1 2) 

Instant telephone confirmations on all 
roundtrip charters and tou rs to Europe 
($339). Hawai i ($169). New York ($1691. 
Orient ($437). Mexico ($1991 and the Middle 
East. Oneways available. Plus new. in· 
dependent experimental tours . For 24 hour 
Information Ireservallons cail collec t 
West coast student travel counsel AVCO 
Center suite 790. 10650 Wil shire BlVd . LA 
90024. (2 t31475-6865. Book no later than 65 
days before departure .(3/12) 

CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE Save up to 
50 percent April - Oct. 2. 3. 4. 5, 6. wk IIItes 
weekly . PLUS 7-24 week flights often . BUT. 
limited space on long & summer flight s. 
Phone your San Diego headquarters for 
charters since 1951 . no lower prices with 
safel y (trust accounts . I We are your 
prolessional charter and travel expert s. 
Pnone 291 -8141 . 9-5 pm . Draper World Travel 
13/121 

Ski where the snow Is. Crested BUlle Colo. 
Spring break with the Ski Club $149. Tickels 
Studen t Center box office. 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY. CIEE· 
STUDENT TRAVEL SE: RVICES. :.JCSO 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEK· 
DAYS 12·4pm . 452·0630.(3/121 

EUROPE. ISRAEL - Student flights year 
round . ISCA . 11687 San Vicente Blvd .• ~4 . 
LA . CA 90049. (2131826·5669 or 826-
0955 .(3/ 12) 

DC SAN DIEGO SUMMER SESSION 1976 

ANTHROPOLOGY 
11 6: Urban Anthropology (4) Sta.ff 

"PIS 
61 : Introduction to Computer Scienc.e (4) Dr. Kenne th Bowle. 

BIOLOGY 
101 : Genetic. (4) (6 IZI-71Z3) Dr. Stanley Millo 
llOA : Biochemhtry (-4) Dr. Percy Ruuell 
1108 : M olecula.r BloioHY ("" Dr. Dougla. Smith 
131: Marine Biology (4 ) Dr. But Kobayuhl 
198 : Directed Group Studiu."A.n Underwa.ter Or . Bert Kobayuhi 

Survey o( the La Jolla Marine Ecologi-
cal Prelerve" 

CHEMISTRY 
140A: Organic Chemlotry (4) (6IZI-7IZI) Dr. Ci a, SbaTto 
140B: Organic Chemhtry (-4) (7/2l-8/l0 ) .. Dr . Clay Shart. 
14.3A: Organic Ch~mi.t ry Lab (Z) (biZ I -S/30) Staff 

DRAM A 
123: Studie. in Dancr Form. (41 

EARTH SCIEN E 
3. An Introduction to the Oceans (4) 
3L: An [ntroouction 1 0 the Oceana Lab (l) 

ECONOMICS 
120A; StatisticAl Method. in Economics (4) 

F )U ~TH COLLEGE 
IIA Thp Writing Cours(> (4) 
1'8: The Writing Cou rllf!: f41 
I Th i' W ritinll Work»hop (4) 

f'ISTOR Y 
114D; Ri.e!;l l Europ{' ('lOO~ll50) (4) 
178 U. S. Inthe Tw~nhetil ~'i-. ·U"Y ,.t 
1 ,9B: American Fort'ign Policy and 

Diplomacy (4) 

I ANC UAGE 
l.a.ng/Gt':rman 11 Conce ntra.ted Ge rma.n 

(Be~inn\nl) (41 
1,llng/C,.rman 32: Con('f'ntrated German 

(Intermediate) ("') 

LINGUISTICS 
105 lntroductlon to L inguittic St>mantlc. (-II 

Dr. Floyd Gaffney 

Mr. Steve W r atlen 
Mr. StfOVf!: W r aUfI'n 

Mr. Allan Ander.en 

Mr. Thoma. Campbell 
Mr. T homa. Campbell 
Mr. Michael Holzman 

Or, Kath ryn Ringro.e 
Dr. Jule. David. 
u • . J .. !e. David. 

Ms. Burkenroad/Ms . Hodnett 

MI . nurk~n road/M • • Hodnett 

Mr. Pa r1 ("K Murray 

June 21-J uly 30 
COURSE OFFERINGS LITERATURE Lit/Eng IZS : American Literature of the 19th Dr. Thoma.e Duneea.th 

Century : Ma.rk Twaln (-4, 
Lit/Cecl 132: Litet'ature It Adole.eence (4) Or. Jonathan Sa.ville 
LU/Gen 152 : Men, Literature r. [deal - Dr. Sylvia Wynter 

Problematic Nature in Fiction 
oC Ameri.c •• (4) 

Lit/Gen 152 : Men, Literature'" 1dea.- Or. Fredrlc Jam.lon 
Marxiam It Literary Theory (4) 
Lit/ltali~n 1: Beg. Italian (6/2 1 .. 8/30) (-4) Or. Raymond Fl emin g 
Litlltallan~ : Intermediate Halioo (61Z1-8{lP)Or. Raymond Fleming 
Lit/Italian 100: Introduction to ItaUa n Lit-

eatuTe (6IlI - 8Il01 (4) Or. Raymond Fleming 

MATHEMATICS 
2A: C .. lculul " Analytic Ceometry (4) Stace 
4 C: Introduction to Calculua ('" Sta.!£ 

NATURAL SCLENCE 
lAS: Phyolco (41 
lBS: Phyoico (4) 
2CS: Atomic Phyaica (-4) 

P HILOSOPHY 
IZOA: Political Philolophy (4) 

PHYSICS 

Dr . Bnter. Or. Judge 
Dr. Baxter. Dr. Judee 
Dt'. Baxter. Or. Judge 

Dr. Andrew Feenberg 

20A: Con cept I in Phydca 1 {6/21-7/91 (4) Dr. Leater Ingber 
20B: Concept,s in Phydes U (7 / I Z-1130) (4) Or. Leaterlngber 

PSYCHOLOGY 
IS : (ntroducti on to Socia.l Plychology (6/Z I .. 

71111141 
158: Vhual Pe rcepUon (4) 
163: Abno r mal Psych ology (4) 

SOCIOLOGY 
123 : Sociology o r Sulcid~ (41 
124 : Political Sociol oRY (4) 
188 : Sociology ot Revolution (4l 

URBAN ~ RURAL STUDIES 
I bL American Criminaj JUlti e (4 ) 

VISUAL ARTS 
105" : Lile OrO\vlnl (6Il l - 7/16) (4~ 
1056 : LLr. Orawln, (6/Z 1-7/16) (4) 
105C: Lile Orawlnl (6IZ 1-7116) 14) 
107A: Sculpture (6Il1-7/16) f41 
10711 ' Soulpture f61l1 -7/ (6 ) 141 

Or. Norbert Kerr 

Or. Philip KauohaV 
Dr. Ha.rry Mun.inaer 

Or. David Phillip. 
Dr. CArlol Waitman 
Or. Jay.uno Abramovich 

Mr. Je CCrey Arbelman 

Mo. Ellen Van Fleet 
Mo. EJlen Va n Fleet 
Mo. Ellen Van Fleet 
Mo. Ellen Van Fleet 
Mo. Ellen Van Fleet 

Summer Seu l on C.atalog. will be I:Ivai,l,.ble Ma,,(;h IS a.t th~ Summer Scnton OHice, 101 
Matthew. Cdmpu a (.econJ fl oo rl. RC!Il~tration r Ot Sumn"C r Sculon will beatn Mar c h 
I S or once the eatalol' .rdvl!'. If you hav e any qllut!on., or would like to receive the 
Sum",~r SC"lIivn CataloJl, contact the SumrYl~r Sudon O Ui ct' , (J ~ 02.8. UC San DieMo, 
L. Jolla CA 9l091. PI ' I 4S2-4365. 

---- - -- -- -----~- -- - - - -
----~ - -------------- ---- ----

W"dncsday, March .0.1976 

offENSiVE 
Scott Sadil 

Snaring Snakes 
It was morning. I had just finished some tea and a newspaper for 

brelOk'ast. I was walking across my estate, between the first and second 
hOuse, when I saw it lying in front of me. 

I jwnped away. I am not always a brave man. But, of course, I crept 
back for another look. It did not move, but it was alive. 

I hurried to the telephone. 
"Peter," I said, "gopher snakes don't have triangular-shaped heads, do 

they?" 
Silence. Peter had just gotten out of bed. He is a workingman and it was 

a weekend. "No," he finally answered. "Why? What's up?" 
"Rat' ler!" 
"I'll be right over." Click. 

•••• 
Now, I'm no hunter. U's a dead-or at least dying-sport from another 

age. Maybe if I had been raised in Outer Mongolia, or Michigan, I would 
see things differently. 

But looking out in the evening over the few acres of greenery I have 
retained from the developing La Jolla landscape, and watching the foxes 
and squirrels and rabbits and quail that come into my yard, I usually 
cannot see any reason for killing them. 

I will confess that I am in the middle of some rather vicious un-
derground warfare with the resident gophers. I do not grow vegetables 
for them. And I go fishing because it helps satisfy the needs I have inside 
of me in a variety of places below my shoulders and above my knees. But, 
basically, I do not have much to do with hunting. 

However, when my life is threatened .... 
•••• 

Peter majored in biology and cuts open cats in a lab so I figured he 
would be a good partner in the hunt. Even though he forgot to wear his 
shoes when he came over, I had confidence in him because after he saw 
the snake he said, "We're gonna need some special equipment. " I have a 
lot of faith in special equipment guys. 

We fashioned a forked snake-stick out of some baling wire and a piece 
of green bamboo we found in the tool shed. I also picked up a long, pointed 
~take. You never know. 

We went back to the snake, but it was gone. 
" Damn," said Peter. "I want to get him. I've never caught a rat-

tlesnake before." 
I have never caught Parkinson's disease either, I thought to myself. 

But this was a deadly creature in our midst so I said, "Maybe it's under 
that planter. I'll lift it up and you look underneath." 

When I raised up one end of the wooden box Peter said quietly, "There 
hc is." Peter reached out with the weapon towards the snake. I could see 
the dangerous reptile. It was at least 12 inches long. It looked angry. 
Fierce. Wild. It had two nubs on the end of its tail that I think would have 

- been a rattle if the snake were not so little. I had hear that the smaller the 
rattlesnake, the deadlier its bite, so I was glad to be holding up the planter 
box instead of doing battle. 

The fork We had made for the snake-stick was too big to hold the little 
demon. So Peter reached down with his hand and picked up the snake 

UNDERGRADUATES NEEDED AS 
MATHEMATICS GRADERS (S3.36 per hour) 

Qualifications. 

To apply. 
3 .0 GPA; good grades in Math 2A, B , C , 0, E. 

Leave a note in t he office opposite the elevator on the 
7th floor of the AP&M building . The note should 
contain your name, address, phone number, overall 
GPA, math courses you have taken With the grades you 
received, and a list of those courses for which you 
would like to grade papers . 

Graders will be contacted early next quarter. 
Students who have graded before must 

apply again at tlis time. 

LOSE POUNDS 
IN TWO WEEKS III 

During Ihe non-snow off season the U . S. Women'!; Alpine Ski Teom 
members go on the "Ski Teom" diello lose 20 POUOlOS if I lwo weeks. 
Thaf's righf -- 20 pounds in 14 days! The basis of the diet is \:hemical 
food oclion and was devised by 0 famous Colorado physician 
especiolly for Ihe U . S. Ski Teom. Normol energy Is mainfained (very 
Importonll) while reducing . You keep ' :full" -- no slarvation -- because 
the diet is ciesigned Ihot way . II's a diet that is easy 10 follow whether 
you work, travel .or'stoy at home. 

This is honesfly a fanlostically successful diet. If is weren'l , the U . S. 
Women 's Ski Team wouldn't be permitted 10 use ill Righi? So, give 

yours~lf fhe same break the U . S . Ski Team gets. Lose we ight the 
sCientifiC, proven way . Even if you've tried alilhe other dielS, you owe 
tt fa yourself to try the U . S . Women's Ski Team Diet. That is i f you 
really do want to lose 20 pounds In two weeks. Order today. T~ar this 
Ou t os a rem inder. • 

p Send only S2.00 [S2.25 for Rush Service1 - cosh is O .K. 10: R.D.S. 
rodUCls, P.O. Bo)( 834, Depl. 19, Del Mar, Cal ifornia 92014. Don 'I 

order unless you wanl 10 lose 20 pounds in tINO weeksl Because Ihol 's 
who l Ihe Ski Teom Diel is designed 10 doll 

• rl.on .1 nl(~ 
'!;l':::':':':':':':':::::':::':::::::':'::~::::::~::: ,::,::,:::::,:,:,:,::::,:::;:::,:,:::,:::::~~:~~::::::::::::::~:::::::::::~::::;:~::;::::~:::::::: :::;:~:~:::::::::;:~,~::;;;:::;:~::::;:~::~~:::~!!l: 
:"': Staff Writer keep costs ata minimal. salaries of full time instructors !{ :r Coaches for the intercollegiate while also funding lesser (! 
,:::, What are student registration teams, receiving salaries from miscellaneous categories. I! 
,!,i fees actually paying foi' in the the state budget as fuji time Allotting approximately $25,000 t: 
{, athletic programs at UC San physical education instructors, for supplies and expenses, this iI it Diego? Is the current budget work only as volunteers for their amount allows for a wide range of ti 
,iii adequately meeting the needs of respected programs. But $15,700 expenditures. According to the I! 
'i:i' sports inclined individuals? A is allocated 'for general 1974-75 figures released, nearly a !) 
:ii close look details the athletic assistance by the University, fifth of this budget was used to !I it expenditures atthis University. which goes towards hiring part pay for the department's phone ) Ii One of the two' athletic budgets time and assistant coaches and expenses. Looking further into Ii 
t: financed through the registration employing student help. some of the detailed ex- ,} !g fees is the Intercollegiate With the emphasis centered on penditures, it was listed that it 
,i,i: program. UCSD manages with a recreational sports at UCSD, postage ran $700, laundry $600, t: 
:.:' total f' t $92 500 ttr'b ti obviously much of the student and maintenance (which includes .. :i .. :i:.· :::,: 0 Jus "a lung i? this amount to the absence of an dollar must be stretched in that the chalking of the fields) another ti 
{. intercollegiate football program. direction. $600. ,i:i: 
:::= According to Recreation Also provided by this fund is fj 
,i,: "The money with which we Director Lee Johnson, this the money needed to maintain i:i=i 
t: operate our current 31 in- program has approximately 5()..60 and operate the equipment room '!i:i 
'J tercollegiate teams is far less percent of the student body (more conunonly known as the :t 
,!:! than it would require to run a participating at least OIice a week "cage") and the locker rooms. It fi 
lit:! 

l14784S18 C 

I 
in ,om. typo of "",.lion'" w"' "tima"d that Ja" Y'"' I 

t: Director Judy Sweet. activity. nearly $1000 was needed to repair ti }i With the entire intercollegiate With the success of the damaged lockers and replace ti 
i{ program at UCSD made possible program, there is little doubt why stolen or misplaced equipment. ti 
(, through the student registration a good percentage of the budget Not included in the state budget Ii 
Ii fees, Sweet adds, "For this is made available to the students. is the money needed to expand on Ii 
Ii reason we don't charge ild- Over $22,000 of this budget is present gym facilities . With both iI 
i:i:i mission to our home basketball allocated towards paying for the men's and women's locker !,!,i (i games. It is our belief that the student referees, lifeguards, and compounds at maximum t! 
Ii students have already paid for it other student employees. $8000 is capacity, locker shortages are }i 
it through their fees." spent on special events expected to hinder the athletes t 
t, A ~ br.eakdown of . Ule expenses PJ'ogramming ( Mon.te Carlo for many years to come. :1 
,r shows men's basketball on the night, various dances, etc). $3000 Assistant athletic director Andy it 
it top of the list with a $3000 budget. is divided up among the various Skief, commenting on the :::!i 
i'iii It is then followed by baseball, recreational clubs within this situation said, " We would like to fi 
f' rugby, and fencing (men and structure. build new facilities but we can not II 
!} women combined.) Towards the The physical education grow any further without in- i{ 
,} end of the list, track and field is program is the only athletic curring hardship on the it 
] budgeted with only $250 and department on campus which is students." i,i,i 
'i'!: women's sailing with $216. UCSD, not financed through the It appears that the student i) 
,t without a football program, university administration. dollar has been stretched to the } 

l!t:,::::::~.::::i:::::,:::::;:::~::~,:::;:;:;:,:;::::.::::.::::::,:;:;:::::::::::::::;~,::::::::::::::~:;,::::~:;::::::::::":::::,:,:~:~;;:,:,:,:,;,::;,;:::,:": ,,:,:,,::::,:,:::,:::::,:,:,:,:,:,:,:::::,:::",:,;,:,:,;,:~'I 
morch 12 

"Tom Jones" 
with 
albert finne~, 
susannah york 
1963 academy 
award best picture 
(7:30) . 

"IIM.'lrd .... " 
with 
donald sutherland, 
jane fonda, peter bo~le 
(10:00) 
USB 2722 

soturdo morch 13 

"Going Places" 
di rected b'y 
bertrond blier 
music b'y . 
stephone groppelli 

A sensual 
Keysto~ 
~ 

, . 

7:30 and 10:00 

~1 mANDEVIllE AUD. 



Pal • 

id calla "good truckin' 
llUlic." 

Repea listening hurts the 
ilbum. e heavy studio effects 
:annot r. the repetitiousness of 
:he sone~ or the group's lack of 

--

COP1ES 
3%- 1111:. 
__ ,LOCA .... 

, .. UUB .... ,_ 
" ..... j .. ..,..,. 

CIL4JTEJ§ 
SAVE UP TO 50% In '16 

from'219* 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 2.4 wks. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 915 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEAts on lo"g 
and aummer flights so 
book today for '76 
... r ........ ' •• ". 

291-8141 
~RAPEfR 

·. "v.-.:::::::::a.r ...... T ....... nc 
, .. U. '' *OJ I ... 
~ VaIIey-£quiIabIt IIdg 

1333 C-ino .. 'Iio South 
s.D .. CA 92101 

• Minimum fare which riMS <le-
on date & length of flile. 

SALESIANS 
WORK FOR THE 
BOY OF TODAY. 

BUILD THE MAN 
OF TOMORROW. 
The apostolate of the 

SALESIANS OF ST. JOHN 

BOSCO is with youth in boys 

clubs, technical and academic 

high schools, guidance centers, 

summer camps , orphanages, 

hostels, etc. 

But the SALESIANS also 
conduct world wide missions, 

parishes, retreats, publishing 

houses and fil m centers. 

ST. JOHN BOSCO'S 
METHOD •.• 
PREVENT EVIL 
wi~h -
RE:ASON, RELIGION 
and KINDNESS 
Fa ;;;:~:-;~c:~ Soc.tetf-;-

s.-..ESI_NPrfiU..nd8folhe.t t anowonotn.s 
coo ""110 

Fa!tMr Llrry Byrne, S.O.B. 
OON BOSCO-SALESIANS 
11 ,»Frenklln Street 
San Francisco, CA 94109 

I .1m Interested in the Priesthood 0 
Brotherhood '0 

NAME AGE 

AOORESS r -

CITY STATE 

ZIP PHONE 

ECUCATION J08 
21 

originality and talent. Nonetheless, 
the album succeeds well in what it 
is trying to do. 

Sweet Harmony - Marta M ...... ur. 
Reprise. 

Maria Muldaur's new album 
offers a variety of differert moods, 
ranging from hooky-tonk to 
nightclub to mellow. Her beautiful, 

• n. .... IIIII'S 

delicate voice adapts itself weD to 
each song, adding delightful 
nuances. For one who is not close 
to her music, I found it quite 
pleasurable and interesting 
listening. 

Of special interest were the sch-
maltzy songs that affected a 
nightclub atmosphere, These could 
have come off as ridiculous, but 
Muldaur put her voice into it, so 
that the SOI1lS were enhanced by 
all the little conceits she added. 
Also, the extensive instnunental 
backing increased the effect. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
The Rellelle Resident Dean 's Office 
is beginning the process of 
recruiting residenl adllisors for the 
coming academ ic year. For more 
informat ion contact the Rellelle 
Resident Dean's Office at extension 
3025. 

HIGH QUALITY 
SECRETARIAL SERVICE 

In Mission VaHey 
Specializing in Thesis Typing, 

Reports, Manuscripts, and 
Business Work 

280-3343 

You u n do It , too. So I. r oy.r 650,000 other people h.v. don. It . Peopl. who 
heve dlffer. nt JObl, dlffer.nt 101. differ. nt Int'rlm, d iffer.nt educltlonl h.", 
compllted the cour • . Our gredulIH I re peopll from I II w.lkl of lif, . These 
peopl. h.ve . 11 tlken I cour .. dev. loped by Evelyn Wood, I prominfnt 
educltor. Prect ically I II of them I t Illst tripled their rtld ing 'PttcI wi th equel or 
bttter compreh.nl lon. Mo.t have increased it even more. 
Th ink for . mo m. nt wh.t thlt meanl . All of them-even the Ilowest-now reed 
. n IVlrell' nov.1 In I ... th.n two houri . They r.ed . n .ntire ilSue of Tim. or 
NeW1wHk In 35 mlnutn. Th.y don' t sk ip or skim. Th.y reed every word. They 
u .. no m. chln ... Inltled, th.y let the mat. rial they' re reed ing determ ine how 
f lit th.y reed . And merk th is well : th.y Ictually underst.nd more, remember 
more, Ind enjoy more th.n wh.n th.y reid slowly. Th.t'l rightl Th.y 
underlt.nd mOrt. They remember more. They .njoy more . You c.n do the lime 

• 

Wt'dnt'8Clay, M.re 11,1178 

Offensive ... 
. 

with his thumb and forefinger right behind its head. The beast bared its 
nasty-looking fangs. Its mouth was open wide enough to swallow at least a 
~ood - sized stink bug. 

I was impressed. 
Peter put the live snake into an aquariwn filled with dirt that I had once 

used to keep a praying mantis in. Peter was shaking slightly. The only 
thing I could think to do was olfer him a beer even though I did not have 
any. I knew he would not want ' one anyway since it was early in the 
morning. He did not, but it was the thought that counted. 

Peter took the rattlesnake home. 
•••• 

From such an exciting adventure, I have gained ~ new appreciation for 
the sport of hunting. There we were, pitted against a sheer, brute, natural 
force. Life and Death was riding on the outcome of the perilous struggle. 
And I think I felt something in the area below my shoulders and above my 
knees. 

I still cannot see myseH becoming much of a hunting entJlI~iast. Not in 
this time and place. But, last night, I did set out an extra gopher trap. 

Rock Critics . . . 
disguised in their woe-are-we sentiments that they arE.: simply unbearable 
to listen to past the cursory stage. 

What are we supposed to get from The Who's " we're geUin' too old to 
be doing this" crying towel? I say hang 'it up. What are we supposed to 
gather from Young's declaration that he's " stealing tunes from the 
Rolling Stones" because he's " too wasted" to write his own? Aw shucks 
Neil, ain't that a shame. Next time, stop off at your analyst's office on the 
way to the studio . 

I realize I am being glib here, but I see no other alternative when horrid 
albums such as these are treated upon arrival as gifts from above. There 
are a nwnber of excellent rock artists-Roxy Music, Eno, Little Feat, 
Robert Fripp, JOM Cale, Sadistic Mika Band, and others-who deserve as 
much (more) textural analysis as fops like Springsteen have gotten. My 
question is simple : because an artist such as Bruce, Pete, Neil, Elton, 
J oni, Bob, or whomever says " I am in this state of mind" is that sufficient 
reason to give their music a go-ahead? Wouldn't it be beUer if their ar-
tistic personnas had some levels of psychological, musical , or aesthetic 
depth? And whatever happened to musical competence as a criterion? 

When I read recent rock criticism, I can think of these questions and 
nothing else. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
' Studenls interested in applying for 
positions as Peer Adll isors in the 
Fourth College Residence Halls 
should p ick up a referral sl ip at Ihe 

Off ice o f Student Employment , MC 
210. Appl ical ion deadline is March 
'19 . For more information, contact 
Pau la Hui or Marty Conoley at 452-
4581 . 

It· Sounds 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ 

THE EXORCIST IN 58 MINUTES 

At That Speed, TIle 403 ..... eM. aa.. 
WIth Mort ImpKt ThIn The ..... 

thing-the pllCe to I"rn more ,bout It il .t • frM speed reeding lelll)n. 
Th ll II th' 11m. courte Prllident K.nnedy hed hil Joint Chiefl of Stiff tlke. 
Th, It.ff of Prllident Nixon completed this cour .. in June H170. The lime one 
Sen.tors Ind Congr...,.,tn heve tlken . 

Come to • Mini- Leuon .nd find out. It is frM to you and you will le."e with. 
better und,rstend ing of why it WOl'kl. 0". thing th8t mfllht bother you Ibout 
your r,edlng speed II that lOfI'I~ne mlgtlt find out how Ilow it is. The 
1000ructort at the Evelyn Wood Rleding Dynamics FrM SpIId Reeding t_ 
will I.t you keep your IICr.t . It'l true we prectic. the fi~1t Itep to improved 
rledlng.t a Mini·LtaOn and we-wil l incr_ your rttcling spIId on the spot, but 
the rtlUlu will rem.in your IICr.t. PI.n to .ttand • fret Minl·Leaon end I_n 
thet it II poaibl. to rted 3·4·5 t imes filter , with coml*'.ble comprtlwntion. 

------SCHEDULE OF FREE MINI·LESSONS------
You'll increase your reading speed 

I to 11" on the spot! 
TODAY AND TOMORROW 

MISSION VALLEY 
Mast r Ho ,t inn 
95 Hot l Circle 

. 

4pmorSpm 

EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS 

LA JOLLA 
La Jolla Inn 

i -5 at La Jolla Village Dr. 


