
" 

f 

j 
, I 

r 
l 

\ 

Third College Unit II Funding·Defeated in Senate Action 

Ken Dormer clobbers M ark Reynolds as Cory Gusland hides 
behind a trash can during Fourth College waterfight. 
Another unofficial t radition is born. (TT photo: Bill Brooks) 

Comm Board to Hear Staff 
Charges on KSDT Manager 

In Other Business, Murphy Asks Board to Enforce 
Obscure Bylaw to Withhold New Indicator Funding 

by Vera M.I. Todorov 
Staff Writer 

The UC San Diego Com-
munications Board Wednesday set 
a date to hear allegations against 
KSDT General Manager Eden 
Martinez, after members of the 
radio station's staff filed a formal 
grievance with the board. 

During a meeting at KSDT April 
B, staff members voted no con-
fidence in Martinez by a rate of 18-
B. (KSDT's staff is approximately 
40 members.) Martinez was also 
requested to resign at the time, but 
he refused. 

Martinez received formal 
allegations, a bill of particulars, 
charging him with violations of the 
KSDT Constitution: 

The major issues are an alleged 
failure to delegate authority to 
KSDT's executive committee and 
to follow proper budgetary 
procedures. 

The Communications Board set 
the date and time for the hearings 
for next Wednesday afternoon at 4. 
Witnesses from the KSDT staff will 
be called to testify. 

New Indicator Funds F rozen 
Alfred Weber, of the New 

Indicator, spoke to the Comm 
Board about the recent freezing of 
funds to that newspaper, calling 
the action "a clear indication of an 
attempt to stop an important" 
form of campus media. 

The New Indicator received a 
memo from vice-chancellor and 
Dean of Student Mfairs George 
Murphy about the frozen funding, 
which alluded to a controversial 
Comm board bylaw. 

The bylaw states that all con-
tributers to campus newspapers 
must have their names included in 

Erratum 
In our article Wednesday on 

Cesar Chavez' UC San Diego ap-
pearance, we inaccurately 
reported that the United Farm 
Workers (UFW) are obtaining 
signatures to place a {armworker's 
initiative on the June 8 primary 
ballot. The UFW is trying to place 
the initiative on the November 
g neral election ballot. 

The Triton Times re r ts this 
error. 

the newspapers' staff boxes. 
Controversy has arisen concerning 
whether the bylaw stipulates that 
the last names of the contributers 
also be included in the staff boxes. 

The New Indicator uses only the 
first names of its contributors, 
because, according to Weber, the 
staff fears that some type of 
" brutal" action may be taken 
against them. They also don't see 
the purpose of using writers' full 
names in the staff box because the 
Comm board has a list of them 
including phone numbers. 

Bookman said that conflict over 
the content of the bylaw has been 
going on for almost four years. In 
1973, another newspaper, the North 
Star, came in conflict with the 
Comm Board because it also 
printed only the first names of its 
writers. 

Bookman said that last March 
Mike Elcan, former Comm Board 
chairman, in a memo to Leslie 
Bowenger of the North Star, 
reached an agreement that only 
four names had to be included in 
the staff box. The names would be 
those of people who signed the 
organization form or the 
newspaper. 

Although the Comm Board 
Constitution was rewritten last 
year, the controversial bylaw was 
never formally changed. Bookman 
said that all minutes from past 
Comm board meetings have been 
lost. 

Murphy, in his memo to the New 
Indicator, said that funding for the 
newspaper will resume when four 
full names are included in the staff 
box, or when it is proven to the 
Comm board that the New 
Indicator's staff box is ad quate. 

The Comm board voted, thr e to 
two, that the New Indicator has 
fulfilled its obligation by having 
four names on the organization 
form, not printed in the pap r. 

Murphy is away thi w k nd 
will not be ba k until Monday. 
Action conc rnlng th New 
Indicator funds will r um then. 

Funding for Third College's 
Academic Unit Two was rejected 
by the State Senate Finance 
Subcommitee on Higher Education 
late yesterday because, according 
to chairman Walter Stiern (D-Los 
Angeles), Gov. Brown has not 
indicated that he supports it. 

" If the Governor is not sold on 

the idea, when we put it in he'll just 
whack it out with a blue line," 
Stiern said. Brown can veto any UC 
budget provision during his final 
review of the document in June. 

The rejected proposal had been 
scaled down from an original 
$199,000 to $116,000. 

The plan was rejected by a vote 

Assembly Approves "Reasonable 
Cause" Bill for Campus Ejection 

by Chris Bowman 
Staff Writer 

SACRAMENTO- A bill that 
would make it more difficult for 
UC officials to ban "disrupters" 
from University property passed 
its first legislative test Wednesday. 

The measure sponsored by 
Assemblyman Ken Meade (0-) 
Berkeley) was approved 6-0 by the 
Assembly Criminal Justice 
Committee. 
. It would substantially revise a 

1969 state law designed to give 
university and college ad-
ministrators a way to swiftly quell 
campus disturbances. The law is 
known as the Mulford Act, 
authored by former Berkeley 
Assembly Donald Mulford, a 
seven-term Republican. 

The act empowered a school's 
top administrator t6 be removed 
from campus anyone-students or 
non-students-he believed had 
" willfully disrupted the orderly 
operation of the campus." It was 
often invoked during California 
campus riots during the late sixties 
and early seventies. 

Mu t Have Reasonable Cause 
Under Mead's proposed revision, 

an administrator cannot order a 
person off-campus unless there is 
• reasonable cause" to believe he 
or she is committing or has 
committed an illegal act that poses 
a threat of "significant injury" to 
persons or property. 

The UC Student Lobby, which 
supports the bill, said language in 
the Mulford Act gives campus 
authorities too much discretion in 
determining what constitutes a 
campus disruption. 

"Students could be banned from 
campus two weeks before ac-
tivities that could be legal and 
protected by the first amend-
ment," lobbyist Judy Samuelson 
said in a telephone interview. 

Meade said his proposed change 
would quantify the 1973 US 
Supreme Court decision (Braxton 
vs . San Francisco Municipal 
Court) which said the Mulford Act 
violated Free speech and due 
processes rights. 

In a later case (Goss vs. Lopez) 
Co~tinued on PageS 

of 2-0, with Stiern and Republican 
Lou Cusanovich voting and David 
A. Roberti (D-LA ) absent. 

The vote came as a " total 
suprise and shock" to UC San 
Diego Student Lobby intern Andy 
Schneider. In a phone interview 
yesterday afternoon Schneider 
said he had spoken with the 
legislative offices of all three 
subcommittee members, and had 
" received some very positive 
indications that we (UCSD) would 
come through the process with 
flying colors." 

Schneider said he has not 
given up hope on receiving the 
funds, which would be used for 
preliminary plans for the rest of 
Third College. " It 's time to move. 
mountains on this issue," he said. 
" Although it looks bad now there's 
still a chance the Assembly Per-
manent Subcommittee on Post 
Secondary Education will add the 
item." 

The Assembly subcommittee is 
scheduled to consider Unit Two 
funding May 10, Schneider said. 

Besides being cut by $83,000, the 
Unit Two request was chopped 
from 38,000 to 29,000 sq. ft., with 
classroom, provost offic and 
computer center space all being 
reduced, Schneider said. 

UCSD was represented at 
hearings by UC Vice-pres' dent 
Chester O. McCorkle, UCSD Vice-
chancellor for Administration 
Bernard Sisco and Third College 
Provost Joseph Watson. 

McCorckle told the sub-
committee that Unit Two is a top 
priority item for the University. 

GSU Feels Strong Enough For Strike 
Despite Yearlong Contract Offers 
by Mark Stadler 

News Editor . 
While teaching assistants are 

being offered year-long contracts 
for next year, the Graduate 
Student Union (GSU) does not 
consider the new contracts enough 
to avoid a possible strike. 

GSU . steering committee 
member Jim Kavanagh said 
earlier this week that the union's 
strength, not contract offers, is 
now the key to whether a strike will 
occur. 

Kavanagh termed the contract 
offers for next year " not 
satisfying. " 

A year-long contract is one of the 
GSU's four demands. The other 
three demands are 50 percent 
employment for aU grad students, 
no increase in the student-T A ratio 
and tuition and fee waivers for all 
grad students. 

(The GSU, in conjunction with 
the Association of Federal, State, 
County and Municipal Employees, 
is holding a rally today at noon 
outside Matthews cafeteria. 
According to GSU co-secretary 
Kevin O'Connor the rally will 
center on the union's recent af-
filiation with AFSCME and the 
ituation next year.) 

ontra ·ts in Mail 
All d partm nt chairmen hav 

agr d to ive their graduat 

time eqUIvalent (FTEs) positions 
in next year's UC budget, Fort 
said. This year it has 176 FTEs. 

The 170 FTEs are di tributed 
into 135 state-funded, and 35 work 
study FTEs, if enough grad 
students apply for the work study 
funds, Fort said. 

This year's FTEs for TAs is 
divided into 135 state-funded, 17 
work study, and nine biology 
training grant-funded, with the 
rest, 15, funded by overenrollment 
monies, Fort said. 

Next year's allocated student to 
TA ratio is 45.1 to I, with 35 FTE 
financed by workstudy. Without 
workstudy the ratio is 56.7 to 1. 

This year's ratio, Fort said, is 
41.46 to 1 with work-study funds , 
and 54.1 to 1 without the funds. 

The use of work-study money has 
been a sticking point in 
negotiations betwe n the GSU and 
administration, with orne grad 
students contending it is 
demeaning for them to have to 
apply for uch funds . 

In addition, union members have 
maintained that use of workstudy 
monie for TAs should not penalize 
undergraduate who need th 
funds. 

tud nt TA y ar-long contracts, 
Jean Fort, an a istant to graduate r 
dean Manuel Rotenberg, said in a 

ruz 

rec nt intervi w. 
h aid the ontracts should b 

in th mail by the end of th month. 
UCSD has been allocated 170 full 

and Visual Arts, support their T As 
for 33 percent. 

Fort also said that grad students 
will not be receiving fee and tuition 
waivers next year. Previously the 
Council of Chancellors rejected 
that idea, saying the time is not 
right for such a move. 

In the interview Kavanagh said 
the literature department is cut-
ting back on " large numbers" of 
TAs for next year . He charged that 
many academic departments are 
pursuing a strategy that is leading 
to the " destruction of un-
dergraduate departments." 

Fort said that the literature 
department is " essentially where 
the cuts are .... In the past literature 
ha had more T As than was 
ju tified" by its workload. 

Literatur Cutback 
This year Literature was 

allocat d a total of 30.1B FTE for 
TAs, for the literature, writing and 
humanities cla se, Fort said. 
Originally the department was 
budgeted 28 84 FTEs, she said, but 
the extra amount was added to 
upport T ~s who were originally 

support doni for Fall quarter. 



• rlfoll f. nit'S 

gnominy is the Key Issue in GSU's 
D mand for Saville's Resignation 

"All that glitters is not gold" such ~~tal accord on the con- each group cannot be analyzed 
-Shakespeare, The Mercbaat of troversl8l1ssue of the GSU. intelligently in isolation. This is a 

Ve aa c e Peter Kairoff writes (TI, April clear cxample of where our in-
16) , "Allow me to add my voice to terests merge. 

One of the lesser known 
inhabitants of the ancient city of 
Troy, Laocoon, once dared to 
suggest that the splendid horse left 
by the departing Greeks was not all 
that met the eye. For his anti-
social skepticism, the seer was 
subjected to much scorn and would 
have been punished most severely 
by his fellows had not two serpents 
emerged from the sea to save them 
the trouble. Laocoon mercifully did 
not live to see the horse's beUy 
open. 

~ we have yet to see a 
behemoth rise from the deep off 
the La Jolla Shores (and we have 
IIItt stopped looking) we have 
certainly felt the first shock waves 
of those lovers of splendor among 
us. 

There is, to be sure, no dearth of 
Jonathan Saville fans on campus. 
The GSU was well aware ot this 
before publishing its condemnation 
of his plan to undennine the 
Humanities program. After much 
diSCUSSion, however, it was 
decided that no matter how many 
loved the horse, its intestinal 
content was intolerable. 

Sacred cows and Trojan horses 
do not easily bite the dust, so we 
were not surprised by the adverse 
response of a few to our suggestion 
that Saville had something other 
than the best interests of students 
in mind when he arbitrarily chose 
to eliminate TA sections. 
Nonetheless, we were somewhat 
disappointed by the character of 
the criticism. Admiration for the 
horse abounded, but its entrails 
were in no way scrutinized. 
Therefore, to afford the UCSD 
community another peek inside the 
belly, we would like to respond. 

First, and a journalistic first it 
was , the " official campus 
newspaper" waited a full week to 
publish the Saville letter. This 
enabled the Triton Times to solicit 
two letters critical of the GSU 
position and publish them at the 
same time it deigned to infonn the 
campus of what it had known for 
seven days. 

Consider the implications! 
Woodward and Bernstein'S 
copyrighted Watergate stories 
appearing alongside letters " In 
Defense of Nixon" from Haldeman 
and Ehrlichman. This was the 
second time in as many weeks that 
the Triton Times delayed 
pUblication of GSU news. We read 
of GSU affiliation with AFSCME in 
the San Diego Evening Tribune 
five days before the Triton Times 
decided it was worth infonning the 
campus community about it. We 
fail to see how this scurrilously 
negligent brand of news coverage 
merits official sanction. 

Living in San Diego has several 
reality-dlstorting side effects. One 
is that the general reader comes to 
believe that all newspapers are 
owned and operated by the same 
people. This is the only logical 
explanation we can o:fer as to why 
two members of th ~CSD com-
munity would write :e~rs to the 
11 about something they read in 
The New Iodicator. 

This circumstance hecomes even 
more suspicious when ~e get to t\"le 
second of the COl respondents, 
Mary Stroll. The last name may 
ring a bell, for it ~a~ a certain 
Avrum Stroll that .3Uacked the 
GSU's " Work to Rule" 3f!tion in the 
'IT of Jan. 23. At the tillie, the GSU 
challenged StroH to a debate on the 
isslles affecting the quality of 
education at UCSD. Stroll n ver 
replied. 

But at least one of the Stroll 
family's anti-GSU torches has not 

n extinguished. W in no way 
mean to suggest that Mrs. Stroll is 
a mere mouthpiece for h r 
husband, the administrator. On the 
contrary, it is h . rtening to see 

the chorus of support." Thus far it Humanities 7 is an ad-
has been more like a sextet than a ministration gambit. H the Saville 
chorus. But there are similarities plan is accepted without a 
in all six which need to be ad- struggle, we believe it will result in 
dressed. the complete elimination of sec-

1. The "nice guy" fallacy. We've tions that now exist. Already, 
heard such comments as "teaching similar plans are afoot in other 
brilliance," " finest educational departments. Undergraduates will 
resource," "most dedicated and be reduced to lecture hall listening 
effective ..... The GSU never called (maybe not as entertaining as 
Saville's teaching ability into Saville) and graduates will be out 
question. In fact, our suggested of work, hence, out of school. We do 
alternative to the arbitrary not believe this calls for 

elimin~~ion of sections for recrimination or charges of 
Humanities 7 was the fonnat of hypocrisy; rather we see that a 
Saville's own Humanities 5 course joint struggle is clearly indicated. 
which included botb eK1ra ledlarel Alden A. ("n is a far, far better 
aad secUou. thing that I do ... ") Mosshanuner . 

It is SaviUe's cavalier at,titude offers himself as the sacrificial 
toward the section fonnat that we lamb in true Tale 01 Two ClUes 
deplore. For, regardless of the fashion. But it doesn't ring true. 

enc~uragement ~f . discu~sion For while he may have "approved, 
~vllle . may offer, It IS phYSically implemented, and scheduled" the 

Im~s:'lble for a~ many persons to Saville plan, he did not plan it. 
participate fully 10 a lecture of 100 Otherwise, it would be the 
as in a sec~ion of ~ .. When we Mosshammer plan. And in reality 
presented thIS to SaVille 10 a memo it is the Saville plan. 
he c~tegorically refused to This is not to say, however, that 
reconsider. Prof. Mosshammer doesn't share 

2. Charges of GSU " false the blame for this lamentable 
altruism," " m?ney grubbing," et.c. deterioration in the quality of the 
A careful rea~ng of our letter Will Humanities program. But, we 

rev~al three disadvantages of the must realize that there will always 
Saville.plan: . . . be such negligence and lack of 

a) It demes sectIOn meetings to discrimination on the part of 
undergraduates and eliminates committee chairmen as long as we 
original e~says i~ fa~or of "names graduates and undergraduates: 
and dates exarrunatlOns. give our tacit approval. 

b) graduate students lose the Let one thing be clear to all: we 
op~rtunity to gain teaching ex· are demanding Saville's 
perlence. resignation not because of his past 

c) g~ad~a~e student em- glories but because of his present 
ploymentls e IImma ted. ignominy. We a bhor not the horse's 

It is a rather odd sense of majesty but its noxious contents. 
s~r.uggle which . . requires the Finally, we wish to respond 
dlslntere~ted saCrifice of some for publicly to Mr. Kytasty. His claim 
the benefit of others. The GSU has to have withdrawn from the GSU 
never claimed to be the "~aviour" came as somewhat of a surprise to 
of undcrgraduate education. We us since his name does not appear 
have repeatedly stated, however, on our membership rolls and we 
our belief that pro~lems of have no record of his ever having 
graduate s~udents are IOtegrally paid dues. Nonetheless, we regret 
bound With those of un- his disapproval and suggest that if 
dergraduates. The problems of Continued on Page 8 
Moves to Student Center 

Women's Center Offers an 
Escape From Sexism 

You don't have to be a radical feminist to be critical of women's status 
at UCSD. Despite the fact that women comprise close to half the student 
population, we are for the most part ignored. The University is still 
dominated by men, perpetuating the belief that women have no place in 
the decision-making structure. 

The course content at UCSD virtually ignores the literary, historical, 
political, and scientific contributions of half the nation's population. We 
are still subjected to course titles such as " Man and His Imagination" 
and " Introduction to the Study of Man," to mention nothing of course 
content. For example, the course "Giants of American Literature" has 
excluded women writers completely. 

Women comprise a little over 26 percent of the students of the graduate 
dep?rtments at UCSD. Only 20 percent of the students in the medical 
school are women. In general, women are discouraged by the relative 
lack of career counseling to enter non-traditional careers. 

Hiring practices at UCSD exhibit blatant sex discrimination. Only 11 
percent of UCSD's entire faculty are women. The University cleverly 
fulfills their quota by hiring women as lecturers or acting professors 
making women ineligible for tenure. Women sta ff are for the most pari 
concentrated in the lowest positions. 

What is being done about sexism at UCSD? An increasing number of 
change-oriented women's groups are being formed on campus and in the 
San Diego community. 

The Women's Center offers a variety of services, such as consciousness 
raising, basic auto mechanics, and self-defense classes. The Center also 
offers an excellent library and information service. The Women's Center 
is moving to a new lucation, Step Two of the Student Center, hopefully 
more accessible to the women of UCSD. There will be a special open 
house in the near future for all interested students. 

The Feminist Coalition is an action group recently formed out of the 
Women's Center. The Coalition consists of several small groups that deal 
with the specific problems at UCSD. These smaller groups consist of four 
or five women who deal with a particular aspect of women 's status, such 
as the Rape Task Force, the ERA Task Force, the Lesbian Caucus, and 
the soon to be fonned Child Care Task Force. The loose structure of the 
Coalition encourages the continual formation of new groups. 

Distinct from the Women's Center are organizations such as Mujer 
formed by and for Chicanas, and a graduate student women's group. Th~ 
Women's Center serves as a Hason between the outside community and 
the student body. 

The wom n's movement is not an isolated phenomenon. Women are an 
integral, vital part of society. We cannot be ignored. 

JANETBAIN 
RONETTE YOUMANS 

Friday, April 13, lt7t 

\ I 
- --::.- - -- - -

UCSD Establishments Lack 
Public Health Ratings 

I certainly can understand Larry Sweben's misgivings (11, April 19) 
about the effectiveness of the sanitary ratings given by the San Diego 
County Department of Public HealUt to the eating establishments under 
its jurisdiction. But I cannot understand how he, as a student at UC San 
Diego, can possibly state that this inspection program, a "vital service 
needed by all San Diegans," is applied to "all public food handlers," and 
that the ratings " must be conspicuously displayed by every food handler 
in the county." Can it be that he has completely failed to notice that not 
one single eating establishment at UCSD displays such a rating? 

Does this mean that the UCSD campus is an island of autonomy, a 
sovereign city-state within San Diego County? Not quite. The explanation 
given by the campus administration for this curious but seldom-noticed 
omission is that eating establishments on state property are exempt from 
county requirements. Evidently our legislators feel that no disease genns 
would dare trespass on state property. Only privately·owncd restaurants 
are susceptible. 

This docs not mean that the dining halls and snack bars at UCSD en-
tirely escape the scrutiny of a health inspector. They are all inspected by 
the ~CSD Health and Safety Office. These rigorous and impartial in-
spections are conducted once a year. Exactly the same inspection 
ciriteria, check lists and rating fonns are used as are employed by the 
county inspectors. The only difference is that no rating is issued. 

Which leads us to an interesting question : since all the necessary in-
formation is already available, why doesn't the Health and Safety Office 
issue letter ratings and require that they be posted, just as the county 
does for off-campus establishments? Is it because the campus ad-
ministration is afraid that the students, faculty and staff might be a bit 
upset if they were to learn that they have been eating in B- or C-rated 
facilities? 

. The count~ sanitary rating system may be far from ideal, especially if 
It were appbed as infrequently as once a year, but it certainly beats no 
information at all. 

WADEJ. CHANDLER 
REVELLE COLLEGE 

Debate on God's Existence 
Chance to Find Truth 

My purpose for writing this is to 
challenge you to be honest with 
yourself .. . that's all. I'd like to 
make you aware of a decision 
you've already made. I hope you'll 
hear me out. 

The decision I'm referring to is 
whether or not you really want to 
know if there's any meaning to.life, 
and if so what it is. 

If you don't want to know the 
truth, that's fine. You've got a 
right to live life the way you want 
and make the best of it. But, there 
is an inherent problem with this 
kind of plan for life which I think 
you should stay aware of. It sta nds 
to reason that if you don't really 
want to know the meaning of life, 
you haven't looked for it. When 
posed with the question of whether 
or not there is a "God," then, the 
best you can do is say that you 
don't know. After all, you couldn 't 
have looked for the truth fairly if 
you were concerned with main-
taining your sccurity. (I'm not 
trying to insult anyone, just make 
people think.) 

On the other hand, if you've 
decided you really want to find the 
truths of this plane, your direction 
is much more straightforward. A 
perfe t1y good place to start is to 
find out if th re is a "God," and if 
there is to find out who He is. Why 
not ask Him to show you? If He's 
really ther , it would then be partly 
His responsibility to answer your 

questions. Of course, if you search 
openly and never receive a 
response, you can rest assured that 
there is no God. Well, there still 
could be, but, if He's not interested 
enough in you to touch your life in 
some way, He's not wo rth your 
attention. 

There is a catch though. You 
have to give yourself to honestly 
looking to find the truth and being 
open to it- taking the risk to find 
out. Since you're the only person 
that can know if you have really 
ex tended an invitation to a 
potential God, you're the only one 
that can prove the existence and 
nature of God to yourself. But 
allow me a word of explanation. By 
the term "invitation" I mean only 
that you invite God to show you the 
way things are-with no com-
mitment. He knows that you can 't 
say what you' ll do with the answers 
until you see what they are. 

Those of you who are interested 
in finding the truth might like to 
know that there will be a debate on 
the topic The Existence of God in 
the Revelle cafeteria (tonight) 
from 8-10 pm . Contra s ting 
arguments will be presented by Dr. 
Jonathan Saville a nd Dr. Nonnan 
G isler, followed with questions 
from the audience. 

The question remains- do you 
really want to know? 

MARK WILMOT 

... " 

... 

r j 

r 
I 

l 

FrIday, AprD 13,' lI'7I • rlfoll fl nlt~ 

Low 
Blows 
aad Cheap 

~ Sllart 
History 
Of <f~e 
~ericaQ 

NatioQ 
Part IV 

by fdw.,ct Simona Shots 
As the more astute of you will remember, the British began Members of the Sons of Liberty, dressed as Indians, 

the imposition of taxes on the colonists in America to help boarded a British ship and dumped an estimated $30,000-
pay for the massive war debt she had incurred fighting the worth of orange pekoe and pekoe black over the side. This, of 
French and Indians. The taxes also went to the upkeep of the course, was the famous Boston Ad Hoc. Tea Party and 
British soldiers stationed in the colonies. Antique Show. 

l.n.1763, at the conc~usion of the French and Indian war, the The British weren't fooled, though. In spite of the turbans 
Bnllsh Parliament ISSUed the Proclamation of 1763. This. and robes with which the colonists disguised themselves the 
restricted the colonists from settling west of the Alleghenies. British knew it was they, not Indians, who threw the' tea 
n was also done to keep the Indians happy, since Great overboard. 
Britain had a flourishing fur trade going on with them. Parliament decided it was time to get heavy with the 

The Sugar Act of 1764 placed duties on all sorts of goods and colonies. In 1774, it passed what was known in America as the 
had the practical effect of increasing the smuggling Intolerable Acts. (In Britain, these were known as the CooUy 
profession, which had been doingllU right to begin with. Assertive Acts.) 

Then came the Stamp Act of 1765. The purpose ofthe Stamp These acts revised the goverrunent of Massachusetts 
Act was to raise money for the cost of stationing royal troops closed the port of Boston, extended the boundary of Quebec ~ 
in the colonies. the Ohio River and generally got heavy with the colonies. 

This, however, was just a bit much. Nine colonies met in By this time, the American colonists were frothing at the 
New York City, during a luU between strikes, and came out mouth in rage and frustration. In answer to the British, the 
with Ute slogan, " No taxation without little effervescent Americans called the first Continental Congress to a Sep-
bubbles," which was later changed by the thinkers in the tember, 1774, meeting in Philadelphia. The congress again 
group to, " No taxation without representation." asserted the rights of the colonists to have a say in their 

The slogan had that dull, hoUow ring of a higher truth but destiny and also decided to cease the importation of British 
nonetheless swept the countryside, paying particular at- goods. 
tention to those hard-to-reach corners. This, obviously, left the British no recourse but to import 

A group of good 01' boys named the Sons of Liberty the bads, which it soon did. 
organized mobs of colonists for destruction of British 
property and for the harrassment of Crown officials. 

The surprising thing about all of this is not that it hap-
pened. What is surprising is that it worked. The Stamp Act, 
though law, was never put into effect and was, in fact, 
repealed in less than a year. 

Things might have been able to go along in a more or less 
normal manner after the act was repealed had it not been for 
the barely credulous lack of understanding of the Parliament 
and King George III , the " Moronic Monarch." 

PA (239 Arch St.). 
of the seamstress 

delphia, 
The home 

Parliament, though, couldn't leave well enough alone. In S 
1767, it passed an act levying duties on tea, glass, paper, and ""-~ 
other items, just to show the colonists who wore the pants in 
the British Empire. 

The colonists weren't impressed. The Sons of Liberty took I!!.! _> 
to the streets again and made things hot for the British 

soldiers and officials. 1~~~lIil~' S~~~'MI"'''~'''I1111~~''''~~' Once again, Parliament knuckled under and repealed the 
Townshend Acts in 1770, leaving only a small tax on tea . Yet 
the Americans weren't finished. 

During that year, a number of colonists in Boston - that 
bastion of coolheadedness and jole de vivre - discovered they 
could no longer quietly tolerate the presence of British 
soldiers in their midst. One day, some of the Bostonians 
began to gather around the soldiers to see who could insult 
the soldiers the best. 

The winner was Crispus Attucks , a black, who was shot by 
the British for his trouble. The four runners-up were also 
treated to the same, all five dying in the freshly mowed grass 
of Boston Commons. 

This became known as the Boston Massacre, a rather wish-
ful title. 

By 1773, only a small tax on tea remained. But it was 
enough to provoke those irrepressible Bostonians to action 
again. 

ANNOUNCEMEN1"S 

The British figured it wouldn't be long before the colonists 
began using anus against them, so, in early 1775, British 
Gen. Thomas Gage sent a detachment of 700 soldiers to seize 
military stores at Lexington and Concord. 

The night before the British marched to Lexington, Paul 
Revere and William Dawes rode to warn the citizens of the 
approaching doom. On the way, they came across Samuel 
Prescott, who had just finished fooling around with his 
girlfriend. Together, they rode through the night, shouting, 
"The British are coming!" This was probably more of a 
surprise to wives of British soldiers than to anyone else. 

In fact, if a nyone was more surprised, ·it was the British 
soldie rs. The colonial Minutemen (as their wives called 
them) met the British with a withering fire which they 
continued for the entirety of the Redcoats' twenty-mile 
retreat. Final score: Americans, 273; Britons, 18. Only the 

There will be a film "The Rise and 
Fall of the CIA" plus speakers on 
CIA involvement with universities 
tonight ot 7:30 in CR 0107. 
Donation : 50 cents. 

Entertainment Affiliates 

An Anl i-CiA Statewide Can· 
ference will be held this weekend 
at the Student Center. focusing on 
the people's struggle against the 
CIA ond US imperialism. A 
donation of $5 is asked to help 
cover costs of films. workshops and 
food. 

Attention all Third College Com· 
mittees--Student Members: The 
Third College Interns will be 
hosting a Forum this Sunday from 
10:30·5 pm in the Student Center. 
The purpose of the Forum is to 
bring together all the Third College 
Student Leaders and create a betler 
communications outlay among the 
different committees. For more 
Informotian, contact th Third 
Call ge Dean Offic at ext. 4391. 

IMPROVE ,..., 
ABILITIES tltru 

HYPNOSIS 
DICI( RAKOW 281-4~ 

presents 

MVDY 

SPECIAL GUESTS 
in Golden Hall 

Sunday, April 25th, 7:30 pm 
All seats reserved - 650. , o. 4 50. 

..OR I·URTlILR INI 0 CALL 236·6510. TICK[1 VAtI ABI L 
AT l'tRr RMING ART LNTLR 80 01'1'1 E. AI L fAR • 

WARD 0 TICKETRON OUTLETS. 

p.,e3 

intervention of a relief column sent from Boston saved the 
British force from annihilation. 

You realize, of course, that this meant war. 
In May, 17T5, the second Continental Congress raised an 

army of 20,000 and put George Washington of Virginia at 
their head. 

For the first year or so of the struggle, the Americans were 
fighting more for their rights as Englishmen than for in-
dependence. But by the time Thomas Paine's "Common 
Sense" sold 100,000 copies, the idea of pushing the British off 
the continent had begun to have a certain mass appeal. 

On July 4, 1776, the second Continental Congress adopted 
the Declaration of Independence. 

By 1m, the colonists had lost New York and Philadelphia 
but, on the other hand, had captured British Gen. John 
Burgoyne and his entire anny. 

Benjamin Franklin was ecstatic. The victory enabled him 
to convince the French to come into the war for the 
Americans. French financial aid, manpower and seapower is 
what finally turned the tide in the Americans' favor. 

While we're on the subject of Franklin ... Franklin had 
been sent to Paris to get French aid. And while the British 
and Americans were blowing each others' brains out, Ben 
was having the time of his life in gay Paree. At 70-plus years 
old, Franklin couldn't be expected to fightfor his country. but 
what he was still able to do, he did. Often. Franklin· may 
never be called the Father of his Country, but he may justly 
be called the Father of France. 

In 1781, after an indecisive battle in North Carolina, Gen. 
Cornwallis retired his anny to Yorktown, Va., where they 
screwed around and didn't accomplish much. 

Meanwhile, the French fleet, under Adm. de Grasse, 
rousted the British fleet out of Chesapeake Bay, an action 
that was later hailed in the American press as "The Coup de 
Grasse." 

The rout of the British fleet by de Grasse had the effect of 
leaving Gen. Cornwallis up a well-known creek without a 
paddle. A combined force of Americans and French, under 
the respective commands of Washington and Rochambeau, 
succeeded in surrounding the boor. An attempt to evacuate 
Yorktown was foiled by a storm and Cornwallis surrendered 
his army to the Americans on Oct. 19, 1781. 

Cornwallis' surrender ended the military actions between 
the two states and a peace treaty was signed in Paris in 1783. 

After the treaty was signed, the last of the loyalists (also 
known as " Tories" or traitors) fled the new country for 
England. Also, almost the entire American anny disbanded 
without anyone's authority and headed for Philadelphia, 
where the Congress was meeting. To almost no one's sur-
prise, the delegates to Congress made tracks for anywhere 
that wasn't Philadelphia, which was a lot of places, even in 
those days. ~aving Philadelphia is always in style. 

In the meantime, the union of states was becoming more 
and more a loose one, the Articles of Confederation not 
proving to be much of a rallying ground. 

This all came to a head, thOugh, at the Constitutional 
Convention which was held in 1787 - in Philadelphia, which 
by that time really knew how to holda convention. 

Philadelphia was a great place to go, you see, because it 
felt so good to leave. 



by Jathy Fitzmaarlce l Staff Writer 
TIlIa article is abOlltl how people who work for the TritoB 

Times feel about tbe ~ay the Dewspaper Is nIB. It Is the 
begiaDiDg of a series ~ articles askiDg: how did the TT come 
to be "the officially ognized studeBt newspaper" at UC 
SaB Diego, wbat does t do with the money It receives and 
how does It interpret the duties of sucb a position? 

The Triton TImes Is organized along the traditional 
hierarchical line of most papers. Most staffers questioned 
are satisfied with the amount of power they have in this 
structure and propose no radical changes in its maMer of 
operation. They generally consider the TT's structure to be 
loose and responsive. 

The staff Is arranged along the traditional editor-in-chief, 
editors, staff member lines. Major decisions are made by the 
editorial board (six editors) or executive board (all 12 
editors). Staffers are excluded from the editors' meetings. 

Except for the editor-in-chief, all editors are elected by the 
previous year's editors. The editor-in-chief is elected by the 
entire staff, with editors receiving two votes to the staffers 
one. 

Collective Idea Rejected 
Almost au Triton Times staffers and editors interviewed 

rejected the coUective concept for the IT, proposed to them 
by this writer. In the collective system a group tries to make 
all members equal in the decision-making process. Some 
interviewed said the amount of daily decision-making 

John H . Taylor 
required by the three times-weekly paper would make the 
collective structure inoperable. Others thought the inex-
perience and partial commitment of many of the staffers, 
compounded by the present difficulty in getting staffers to 
attend and speak out at staff and newswriter meetings would 
make a collective form ineffective. 

Two people thought that because of the large staff, 35 
people, collective meetings would be taken over by the most · 
vocal element, making for less democracy than at present. 
However, one staffer suggested a combination of the 
collective with the standing system. 

Given the present structure, how much say do staffers 
have in decision-making? In a survey, eight out of 11 staffers 
contacted felt they had enough of a say in how things were 
run, with six ofthem saying they had freedom to experiment. 

Opinions ranged from one claim that editors practically 

Celebrdte 

SI-IABBAT: --. 

inside 
the' Triton Times 

Friday, Aprl1Z3, 1m 
because they have had to rely on each other to fulfill'a heavy 
task-burden, and therefore spend a lot of time with each 
other. 

Because this group stays in the office, rather than being out 
among other students, they keep away from sources of in-
formation, and become, inadvertently, spokesmen for the 
administration, which will always send information to them, 
Sesmasaid. 

Special Writer and former Managing editor Ed Simons 
replies to this that Sesma has been out of the office for two 
years now and that iMovations have been introduced that he 

beg for ideas from the staff, to another that all inventive may not be aware of. Sesma's answer is that he feels no new 
writing is edited out. The usual comment was that, though blood or ideas have been added to this editor clique, that from 
editors have more power, they are receptive to staff ideas. what he can see ofthe Triton Times it is less responsive to the 
Some staff writers said they think up many of their article student body now than it was two years ago. 
ideas. Editor-in-chief John H. Taylor feels that the Triton Times 

Said special writer Charles Heimler, a fonner news editor, is doing all it can to cover its mandate from the Com-
"An important part of the IT structure is its looseness. If a munications Board, which is : "To report the events of UCSD 
staff w~iter wan~ somethi~g wr!tte~ he can d~ it. AnYthin,g to the community in a timely, accurate, balanced and un-
can go 10, a~d if Its well-wrl~n It wlll be published - there s biased manner ... to relay news of up-coming important 
no censorship stand for copy. events ... to interpret news ... to provide for the right of others 

. ':onn Le.tter . . to reply." 
.One staff writer who did not fmd thIS responsiveness was According to Taylor, those who write for the paper run the 

Pierre Bedard, a f,:eshman who worked for the paper. fall paper. The TT prints what it can get and tries to cover 
quarter and th~n qUIt. B~a~, who repea~~y em~~~~~ everything, he said. Taylor does not believe that there is a 
that he !ound hiS p~e~ent lob 10 th~ ca~~teria ::mor~ socialll.- large critical body on campus with a standing viewpoint on ~edee~!n~ tha~ writing at the Triton 1 t,mes, O~:;l!l1UCU"" what a newspaper should or should not be. He does not want 
lob as bemg given a form-letter and bemg told to go out and to presume as he feels other do ideas upon the students. 
write about buildings." " 

Responding to this, City editor Jim Soto commented that 
Bedard never voiced criticism or spoke of such feelings while 
working for him. Bedard said he only worked for one quarter 
and did not try to induce change, but insisted his criticisms 
were valid. 

Staffers usually work for a specific editor and department. 
The editors do not straight-forwardly assign articles; their 
policy is to suggest, ask or try to talk a writer into covering a 
certain topic. If a writer gets an idea for an article he informs 
his editor about it and is almost sure to have it approved. 

Recently one staff writer initiated, called and chaired a 
staff meeting. 

Either because of time, interest, experience or personality, 
some staff people become more involved in the paper than 
others. Some are forward about expressing their ideas for 
articles and criticisms, getting to know how the office is run 
and volunteering for assignments. Less involved individuals 
become either " invisible staffers - there only to turn in copy 
and get new assignments - or staffers who are in the office 
more, but are isolated from the power center ofthe office. 

Some women writers and copyreaders commented on the. r 
lack of knowledge as to how and what decisions are bcing 
made by the editors, and who the other staffers are. They felt Sar~ J . Lowen {TT photos: Nathan Meyers! 
they could not be critical, though, either bec.ause of their Accordmg to the staff survey, ~any staffers and editors 
short time on the staff or because they haven't tried to learn feel that the IT cannot be responsive enough to every group 
more. Two women suggested that more staff meetings and a ?n camous. though it tries ~o ~ so. ~e staffer a~k~d: " What 
general explanatory pamphlet, besides the stylebook, would I~ the. ,!CSD community: Radicals, femmlSts,. ~ay 
make staffers more infonned. bberatlorusts, Young Amencans for Freedom, SOCialists 

Majority of Male Editors ... students?" 
When asked if they 'felt there was sex discrimination in the Some staff.me~b~rs pointed ~o the low level of community 

office, the above women said no, as did Community editor feedback as unpalrlng responslven~ ; ot~r suggested that 
Sara J. Lowen. Lowen pointed out that although now there is the :rr could tak~ steps towards unprovmg the paper by 
a majority of male editors, in the past there have been wrltlng more articles t,h~t students can relat~ to (for 
majorities of women editors. In 1971, for example, Molly exa~pl~ on ca~eers), wrltlng more features, addmg poetry 
Selvin headed an editorial staff composed mostly of women. and fiction sections. 

An ex-Triton Times writer and Managing editor, Mike Many of the editors commented on the lack of time, space 
Sesma (1971-1974) feels the TT is not responsive enough to I and experienced writers as being drawbacks to the paper, 
students on campus. He sees the TT as bein~ guided by ,'l accounting for what many believe to be the poor ratio of 
circle of editors who unintentiona form a clique, straight news stories to features and investigative articles. 

FRIDA~, APRIL 23 AT 7:00 PM 
NORT"l CONFERENCE ROOM STUDENT CENTER 
Cr •• If •• Shabbel observance 
·Pot· luck desert 
·Folk dancing 
·5lnglng 
·Rauch 
Presen led by U.J.S. 

ENJOY! 
. 

Present this coupon with your meal at lhe 
unique Spice Rack "Garden" Restaurant in Pacific 
Beach and you' ll get rolled. Free. Take home hall a 
dozen of Ihe lastiest home·made rolls or muffins 
you 've ever met , This otter Is good on Mondays lhru 
Thursdays ~ 
YOU 'RE GONNA LIKE THE CJ~ 

A ClAAOEN REST AUflANT 

M ission Blvd. near Grand in Paci fic Beach 
offer good only 5 pm-l 0 pm, tlpire. May 31.t. 'IT 

' . . 

Friday, April 23,1171 

UCSD Alumni Return to Discuss 
Job Market at Symposium 

by Nick Vanocur 
Staff Writer 

Wednesday night 44 UC San Diego alumni returned to campus to 
describe their experiences after leaving college. 

The event was sponsored as the third segment of the career sym-
po~ium, "Is There Life After College?" sponsored by Revelle, Muir, 
Third and Fourth colleges, the UCSD alumni association and Career 
Planning and Placement. 

The alumni headed the feature part of the symposium, breaking up into 
six groups addressing the specific topics of biology and beyond, the Arts 
and Humanities, Social Science Solutions, Applying Sciences Naturally, 
To Teach or Not to Teach and Minding One's Own Business. 

The session opened with a brief talk by Assistant Chancellor David 
Ryer, who said that the nation might be on the edge of an economic boom. 
He advised students to be aggressive in seeking jobs and to "put your foot 
in the door." 

Ryer was followed by Gloria Liebrenz, the director of Career Planning 
and Placement, who offered advice of a different nature. She said that 
because people do not generally plan their careers they should always 
keep several options open to them. 

In answering the question, " Is There Life After College?" the sym-
posium seemed to raise the question, "Is there life during college?" for in 
all six sections with the exception of Biology, the 44 alumni outnumbered 
students two to one. 

In the session dealing with the Arts and Humanities, it was revealed 
that it is much harder to get a job as a lawyer in San Diego than in Los 
Angeles because of the natures of the two cities. 

Academic Senate Hears Update 
on New Retirement Plan 

by Mark Woellter 
Managing Editor 

Members of the Academic 
Senate met April 13 to hear 
changes in the proposed 
retirement plan facing approval by 
UC faculty. San Diego Division 
Chairman Sheldon Schultz called 
the meeting in response to faculty 
requests for analysis of the 
benefits and costs of the new plan. 

Balloting for approval of the new 
system, which is a coordination 
with the Social Security 
Administration, goes on among 
statewide UC faculty through 
today. The results of this balloting 
will guide the UC Regents, who 
make the final decision to choose 
either the social security plan or 
the present UC-sponsored system. 

Advocates of the new plan 
sugge'st that the University 
system, UCRS, though simple to 
understand and qualify for, is 
inadequate to meet inflationary 
............................. .. .................. 

...... 

"Disco One * 1" 
~~ 

''' N~ OI'! 
"",. "-'c ........ 

r ..... OOPM IOtOO"'-M. 
Oon.ttOrl$250 

..... 
• OJ AH .. DrM. 0-
. ............................................... 

costs. Coordination with social 
security is expected to provide the 
same benefits as UCRS--
retirement, survivor's insurance, 
disability insurance and medicare-
·though scaled to meet inflation. 

Members at the meeting, held in 
HSS 2250, were reminded that, 
beyond inflation, coordination with 
social security is a political 
proposal. The present system is 
controlled by the state Legislature. 
Coordination with social security 
assures that benefits continue to 
rise with inflation and cannot be 
frozen by either state or federal 
legislatures. 

During ' the presentation mem-
bers learned that for faculty with a 
final salary below $28,000 benefits 
are higher under UCRS, while 
those with take-home pay above 
$28,000 will benefit more from 
social security. Most full-time UC 
professors expect to retire with 
salaries larger than $28,000. 

f rlfoll •• U.'S 

Participants in a biology careers seminar nclude UCSD alumni Roberta Lindgren, 
. Don~ld Moore, Dr. Mia Tegner, (~arolyn Bay, Patricia Hall . (TT photo : Nathan Meyers) 

One Expert's Advice as Job Market 
Fails: Define Lite Through Leisure 

by Cathy Fitzmaurice 
Staff Writer 

, 

Today, as more than one-third of 
Americans surveyed are 
dissatisfied with their careers, one 
expert on work in America advises 
workers to look for life's meaning 
in their leisure activities. 

. University of Southern 
California business school 
professor James O'Toole said 
Monday night that while 
Americans have traditionally 
searched for meaning and identity 
in their jobs, they should now look 
for outside activities to provide the 
meaning. 

O'Toole, the featured speaker in 
the opening night of a career 
symposium sponsored by the four 
colleges, UC San Diego Alumni 
association and career planning 
and placement, gave listeners a 
dismal view of the present job 
market. 

The Supply Side 
O'Toole cited . " under-

employment" as a major 
problem, with many Americans 
having jobs far below their 
training and ability, and especially 
below their expectations. Many 
college students, he said, have 
gone to college to get a better 
paying or more interesting job, 
only to find desired positions (such 
as top managerial jobs) closed and 
the only options available such jobs 
as sales, secretarial work and 
lower-echelon management. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS' 
Hel icon, UCSD poetry journal, is 
nowaccepting orig inol poems from 
studenls. foculty and stoff for its 
Spring 1976 issue. Include: nome. 
oddress, phone number and 
association wilh campus. No more 
than 4 poems per person. Send 10 
campus mail code C005 cl o Poetry 
Journal. 

The university bookstore invites 
you to come in for yaur free make· 
up demonstration by Bonne Bell 

Drawing a diagram of the supply 
and demand for educated labor, 
O'Toole showed how the supply 
side of the educated work force is, 
and has been, growing tremen-
dously, while the demand side has 
remained almost static . The need 
for management personnel, for 
example, has gone from 12.9 
percent of all workers in 1948 to 
13.6 percent in 1973. 

The educational level required 
by the average job has gone from 
ten yea rs of schooling Lo ten and a 
half years in the past forty years . 
Simultaneously, the medi~n 
education level of the blue-collar 
worker has increased from nine 
years in 1952 to twelve years in 
1972, while the number of college 
graduates has increased 
tremendously. Through the 
"bumping system," those with 
degrees get positions--though 
lower than expected-while those 
without training get bumped down 
the occupations ladder, or are 
knocked off into unemployment. 

O'Toole found fault with most of 
the proposed solutions to the un-
deremployment dilemma, which, 
he said, if the market is permitted 
to take its course, will last through 
the next twenty years. Some ex-
perts propose vocational 
education-training people for the 
positions actually open. 

To this O'Toole responded that 
such vocational schools " increase 

Assembly ... 
the court found the act un-
constitutional because it allowed 
suspension of the students 
"without first affording him a 
hearing as required by due process 
of law." 

The Berkeley 
proposed to shorten 
from 14 to seven 
students the right 
within 72 hours-·m~ite~l(l 

class inequalities, as notoriously 
only the poor attend them," and 
that many jobs available require 
only two weeks prior training, 
which the employer usually likes to 
provide in his own facilities. 

Shill Plan Rejected 
Job redesign, where a dull job, 

altered to provide more variability 
and challenge, is, according to 
O'Toole, "an attractive but in-
sufficient option as all jobs can't be 
made into good jobs. How, for 
example, can you make cleaning a 
toilet interesting?" 

To the idea of dividing jobs into 
shifts, and having people work only 
a few hours a day or three days a 
week, O'Toole responded that he 
had heard of this being adopted in 
scattered facilities with some 
measure of success. He said Gov. 
Brown had proposed such a 
solution for the future , but that 
unions had reacted strongly 
against the plan. 

Ultimately, O'Toole advanced 
the idea that people try to !unit 
their expectations of what college 
will do for them in tenns of em-
ployment, and then of what their 
jobs will do for them in terms of 
fulfillment and challenge. 

This, he said, is the situation 
Americans are dealing with : they 
should try to adjust their attitudes 
so they won't be frustrated by the 
employment positions they will 
find themselves in. 

expects the measure to reach Gov. 
Brown's desk again this year. 

Meade carried similar 
legislation last year, which he said 
was vetoed by Brown on the 
grounds that it did 

'.'0 College Board Representat ive, ~;i Pauline Causey. Wed. Apr il 28 10·2 
. i pm 01 the Universily Bookstore. 

working days-and re 
for remaining on or 
campus after ha 
to leave. 

This year's bit 
rights to all stu 

.. 

SDSU 
Classical Guitar 

Ensemble 
directed by Lee Ryan 

Thursday, April 29, 1976 

MCRH - 8 pm 

Program will include Bach, 
Ranel , Villa lobos, &: others 

FREE I 

A tlenlio n graduating Revell e 
Seniors : If you have not completed 
a gradualion questionaire, please 
drop by the Revelle Provost 0 f ice 
to vote for a siudent speaker for the 
commencement ceremony, and for 
outstanding professors. Be sure 10 
vole by May 1, so your choices can 
be considered. 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

come and hear 
Dr. John Wight, 0.0: 

on 
'Enthusiasm 

Purpose' 
Quest Speaker 
'Jack Smith' 

This Sunday 10:45am 
71 5 Si'ye"'o 

laJola 

dergarten to 
of the 

There is a new 
the Revelle (" 
Come by 
reading and to 
a book . Donat i 

r--u~;;~;oo~ 
J FOR UCSD ONLY (sludenis . taculty. siaff . and Ihell Immed iate fam ilies) I 

I 
I I I 

• I 
I 

$435 June 19 LAX/PARIS Sept. 2 PARIS/LAX 
I CIEE 
I Student 

76 days I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I Travel BILL KELURII MARK DANA 

I UCSD INTERNA nONAL CENTER I Services OPENWEEKDAYSI2.A pm I I '-~ 42 . .J0 
\-_-----------------



.... Frtday, AprUZS, 11'71 

TltiToN TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
I Rules and Rates 

Ctasslfled! s lOuld either bo printed or typed on a 3" x 5" card (available 
in Triton Time , office) . They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p .m . 

The following rates are for 100 spaces -- if you use more spaces, the rate 
will double. (100 spaces -- 25cenls; 101 to 200 - 50 cents) . 

Personals - $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Other ads: students -- 25 cents 
noostudents - 51 

Deadlines : 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 ~m Monday for Wednesday; 4 pm 
Wednesday for Friday , 

Announcements: free, All announcements will run In the Monday 
calendar, Deadline for calendar : ~pm Friday. 
- (All additlon~ or corrections to listings In the Schedule of Classes for 
regular University courses will be charged 51) . 

fOR SAlE 
4 sale-tenor sax: 5200. Barcus-Berry guitar, 
shorl cord wI preamps SSO. Mikestand & 
boom : 525. Ventura e. guitar 5130 w /case , 
cord . Shure PE-515 mphone swvl , case: 525 . 
Olds trmpt. : $25. Twin bed frame: 52:;. Call 
Max 452-9973. (4/23) 

71 VW bus, rebuilt engine, xlnt. mech. & 
body , custom Interior with bed, radial tires, 
52700 , 459-7582. (4 /23) 

'69 Toyota landcruiser xlnt condltl6n, low 
mileage, many accessorIes. 453-0387 (keep 
trying) (4/23) 

OOOBIE BROTHERS: Have to sell some 
great floor seats for May 6 concert . Chris, 
453-6439. If not in , leave no. (4 /23) 

For Sale-5 inch Red Oscar perfect for a 
community tank 55, serious Inquiries only 
452-9715. (4/23) 

Surfboards-Skip Frye 7-3 wing-good-cond . 
and surfboard Hawaii good-beginners board . 
Call 453-9663 Mitch (4/23) 

Stereo . Harmon-Kardon 330A Tuner215 1n 3-
way spkrs 5175 .00 /0Iler. Paul 755-3805 after 
8 pm . (4 / 27) 

US Diver's Safety Vest and Rocket Fins . 
Like new 280-8581 keep trying. « 4 /23) 

Aquariums 26 gat show +' 5 gal. Too many 
ass . to list $35 takes all . 756-1773 Joe lit 
(4 / 23 ) 

1975 Honda CB 360 2900 mi . Like new $875 or 
best. Norton motorcycle workbook, new 525, 
asking 515. 1968 VW Pop-top camper w l just 
(bit. Corvalr engine, nlQre power to it. 
Leaving country , must sell everything. Make 
oilers . Call 755-3682 after sunset. (4/24) 

Skis K21 eo cm $60 or? W / Saloman bindings 
- Boots Nordika S31 0-11 $40 or? 452-8728 
(4/23) 

Gibbson Les Paul Guitars, New. 25% off list. 
756-1773 ask for Joe the th ird. (4/23) 

HP"35 + security cradle 5215; 50. Bear Bow 
+ accessories $45 . Call Dave after 6 pm , 
453-0259 . (4/23) 

Skaleboard - 27" Bahne wlstoker wheels. 
pads , nonslip. Orig 545 will sell $30. Richard 
453-5907 after 5.(4/23) 

Wetsuit O 'Neil Animal skin Size-Large. 8 
months old . Ask for Grant 452-8625. (4/26) 

Ski boots - Raichle - Size 9 525. Ask for Grant 
452-8625 (4 / 26) 

WANTEd 
Sublects needed for phonetic expenment. 
For details , call or see Sue, P&L 3126, ext. 
2537 . (6 / 4) 

Lookmg for a gOOd used backpack to take J 
Europe thIS summer. Call Margaret after 4'30 
at 273-3720. (4 / 23) 

Addressers wanted immediately! work at 
home-no expenence necessary-excellent day 
wnte Amer ican Service 1401 Wilson Blvd . 
SU Ite 101 , Arlington VA 22209. (5/12) 

Subjects needed for psych ax per. Must be 21-
40 yrs old and men onty need apply. Call 452-
4305 ; evenings 287-7529. (4/28) 

Secretary , p.t. 10 hrs /wk . Hrs flexible. Sal . 
+ bonuses Ins . ollice PB . For appt. call 

270-2801 between2-5pm . (4/26) 

Roommate needed : 2 br. apt. In Del Mar; own 
room, bathroom. Pool , laundry . 5 mi. from 
UCSD $125/inc . utll. John 452-3466 . (4/23) 

Remale roommate needed to share Del Mar 
apt . near reach . 755-9471-Claudia. (4/28) 

For rent-own room In peaceful Ocean Beach 
collective household. Vegetarian , spiritual , 
political , supportive-looking for same. House 
is clean-light-Ideal. Prefer woman. Sl00 util. 
inclu . Steven 222.7195. (4/24) 

Share house , food, rent. East Pacific Beach , 
cfose to UCSD. Rent $100. Ask for Bruce or 
Judy 272-2711 . (4/23) 

1 rm in duplex 5120 4-19-76 to 6-15-76 Del 
M .. r , 1 blk . to beach call Dave or Steve eves. 
481 -8549. (4/26 ) 

Female roommate needed to share Del Mar 
apt, near beach . Call 755-9471 - Claudia. 
(4 /23) 

3 br. 2 ba. Playmor La Jolla townhouse, avail. 
June 15, part furn .. patio, pool 454-144, 
(4 /30) 

Female roomate wanted for own furnished 
room 573 .33/mo . includes utilities. Call 270-
0425 after 9 pm . . (4/23) 

Roommale wanted . Own roon in 4-bdrm 
house. Firepl and yard . $100 and 1/4ltilities. 
(4 / 23) 

Female roomate wanted to share 3 br. house 
in Del Mar, own room. SBO/mo. + util . Call 
Mike or Don 755-5402. (4 / 26) 

Del Mar beach house available June on year 
lease. 4bdrm 213498-1564(6! 4) 

Neat. responsible female - share pleasant 
condo in University City with working 
evening student. 2 bedrooms , 1 1/2 bath , 
furnished washerldryer, beautiful carpet , 
pool. Lots of privacy . $135 & 1 /2 utilities . 
Beverly - Home: 452-0489, work ' 238-5735. 
(4/ 23) 

Female roomate wanted 2 bdrm apt In Solana 
Beach nr beach Sl00lmo 481 -9624 John 
Meyer 755-7952. (4 /23) 

• SERVICES 
Kno";" how to pla~ bass? Teach me so I can 
too , would love to learn to play. Will 
pay /trade John 131 E. 5th National City (5/3) 

HIS & HERS hiarstyling- haircut , shampoo & 
blow dry $15 . With student card- $8. The 
Hairstylists 7463 Girard St. (behind Shirt-
tailS) 459-8229. (5/14) 

LOOKING FOR A MORE REWARDING JOB 
THIS SUMMER? More pay and out at state. 
459-4396 for Interview. (4/23) 

Sandpiper O .. lgn. graphic art. 
photographY ' unlque wedding -s hower 
Invita tions' natural porlralts . Gwen: 565-
1575. (4 /26) 

PLANT LOVERS we worll with evergre.l and 
deciduous trees and shrubs , We do or· 
namental pruning, laCing, and topping. We 
level or cut back banks , remove rocks. We dig 
holes for tree planting as wet I as week 
clearing and cultivating for gardens. We also· 
remove trees and stumps. Call Arnie 277-
3520. (5/12) 

Typist. IBM term paper, thesis , dissertalion, 
etc . editing , rush jobs, xerox 560-8171 , 451-
1588. (6/3) 
Custom grad announcements, wedding 
Invitations. Original calligraphy at low cost . 
453-0387 . (4 /23) 

Prof . thesis typing. Quality worll , great at 
charts & tables . Have electronic, 
engineering, Greek symbols. Located In 
Mission Valley . Don 't wail to reserve time for 
your typing . Call Linda, 280-3343. (4/30) 

Bookfalr May 8 In front of California First 
Bank In downtown La Jolla. Hundreds of 
inexpensive books to benefit kIdney foun-
dation . (5/8) 

ManuSClipt editing ; graphs and drawings; 
techn ical typ ing and thesis typing. 452-8305 , 
452-8494 . (4/23) 

TRAVEl 
Summer exchange faculty : large Berkeley fiat 
2 + bedrm frnshd yd frplace near campus for 
similar San DIego area. J. Greenbaum 2501 
Woolsey . Berkeley . (5/3) 

IIrope-lsrael -Soulh America-Sludenl fllghl S 
yl'ar round ISCA 11687 San Vicenle Blvd .4 
LA CA 90049. (213) 826-5669. (6/4) 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY . C1EE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD IN-
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
1 ~- 4pm . 452-0630. (6/3) 
Oon 'l Delay Book by Phone New F,ligh ts 1, 
Europe (379+) South America (315+) Il",e 
Onenl (499+) New York ( 189) HawaII (189) 
Long olw flights slil l available Immediate 
phone confirmations call collect WestCoast 
Siudenl Travel Counsel AVeO Center 10850 
Wilshire LA 90024213 475-6865 . (6/4) 

K-R-t-N V-U-R-S: A-P B-D from N-M·O N C-
N-D (4/23) 

The UCSD Libertarians are sponsoring the LP 
candidate for U./i. Senate, to speak on MIon , 
Aplll 26, 1~6 at 112 nco,\- J,.y~ Rynsky lI¥iII 
talk about Libertarfan poliCies and her 
campaign trail at the Revel~ formal lounge. 
Come listen to some refreshing ideas! (4/23) 

Mark & Steve - Be caref ut! When you enjoy 
" L'Amour qui n'ose pas dire son nom" until 3 
am I know now. (4/26). 

Sweet Pea: Happy 21st! You really are the 
greatest. Love , Bear. (4/23) 

MLS-This personal is all YOURS. Even at 
Sl .011 woUldn 't have changed the past 6 wks. 
Love - Your Interval . (4/23) 

Mad I thought of you! Have much fun this 
weekend - where's my bunny rabbit? Love 
Honey Child. (4/23) 

Surprise BD par1y for Dave Terrazza, Sat 4/24 
at grassy knoll over cove 3 pm bring fun & 
games. (4/23) 

LOST & fOUNd 
Did you want your 3 keys you droppedilt old 
Mesa Apt s 2-3 weeks ago . Identify thenn at 
453-5017 . (4 /23) 

To whoever took my "Visual and Audi tory 
Perception" book by G . Murch , on 4-15, 
please return it to nofflce. (4/23) 

Found 4120 In Central Library - pen . Identify 
to claim. 453-7866. (4 / 23) 

You can cash a check, make a 
deposit, or apply for a loan - every 
Saturday -from 9 am to 3 pm. And 
if you can't make it on Saturday, 
we're also open till 7:30 pm on 
Friday. And no matter what time 
you bank, you can always get 
no-service-charge 
checking with $100 
minimum balance. 

CALIFORNIA 

I 
FIRS T BANK 

Member FDIC 

Del Mar Office 
330 15th Street 
Phone: 755-9321 

La J olla Office 
7807 Girard Avenue 
Phone: 294-4773 

Tim Monaghan, Manager John G. Weaver, Manager 


