
The comin g of each new day at Muir College is hera lded by 
the appearance of the Tioga H all Gey ser. A faulty sprink ler 
system is responsible for this spectecular display, w hich 
waters the Tioga Hall bike racks at 9:00 every morning. 
(TTphoto: Nathan Meyers) 

Student Organization Forms 
to Back Carter Candidacy 

The first campGs organization backing a major presidential candidate 
has been approved by Student Center Director Mark Bookman. 

The group is UCSD Students to Elect Jimmy Carter President. 
Carter, the former governor of Georgia, is considered the Democratic 

frontrunner by many. 
According to political science student Joe Gallagher, who formed the 

group along with coordinator Larry Duke, Students for Carter will have a 
table set up on Revelle plaza today at noon to register students and 
distribute Carter literature. 

In addition, Gallagher is trying to qualify as a Carter delegate to the 
Democratic National Convention in New York in July. He will hold a 
caucus at 1 pm Sunday at the Julian Town Hall. 

Gallagher said 100 people from the 43rd Congressional District will 
have to support his candidacy before he can qualify. UCSD is in the 43rd 
district. 

Transportation to the caucus will be available ; those interested are 
asked to leave their names at the Carter table. 

Julian can be reached on Highway 78 east from Oceanside, or Highway 
79 north from Interstate eight, east of Alpine. 

Lunch will be served after the caucus. 
The Carter group is the first to specifically back a major Democratic or 

Republican candidate for President, though the Young Californians for 
F reedom have endorsed Ronald Reagan for the GOP nomination. 

Also, a group has organized to support Tom Hayden as the Democratic 
candidate for John Tunney's US Senate seat. 

Defense Witnesses Testify No 
Obstruction ; Marcuse Appears 

"Officials Never Declared Assembly Unlawful" 
by Mark Stadler 

News EdItor 
Hearing officer Robert 

Lugannani heard Wednesday and 
yesterday eight defense witnesses 
testify 10 charged students did not 
violate University regulations at 
the Nov. 25 demonstration over 
alleged UC ties with the CIA. 

The witnesses, who included 
charged student Cookie Mahoney 
and Ruth Quirk and philosophy 
professor emeritus Herbert 
Marc use , testified in disciplinary 
hearings about the walk from the 
gymnasium to Matthews campus 
taken by UC President Saxon 
following a question and answer 
session with students at the gym 
steps. 

The witnesses gave similar 
testimony: that students who 
accompanied Saxon on his walk did 
not disregard orders from a 
university official, obstruct an 
official's progress or endanger an 
official's health and safety. 

Didn't Hear Orders 
Four of the witnesses - Quirk, 

Mahoney, physics graduate 
student Dan Rosen and literature 
grad student "Robinson Herrarra -
said they never heard an ad-
ministrator declare the assembly 
unlawful, order students to 
disperse or ask students to not 
follow Saxon. 

Witnesses also asserted that 
Saxon's health and safety were 
never threatened, and that no one 
made remarks that threatened the 
President's well-being. 

Saxon himself testified earlier 
that he did not feel threatened 
during the demonstration. 

Saxon was never obstructed by 
students, according to the wit-
nesses. 

Rosen said that at no time did he 
see anyone try to block Saxon's 
passage, while Mahoney said she 
never heard any students indicate 
any intent to slow. down the 
President. 

Several witnesses did tell of 
seeing groups of demonstrators 
linking arms around Saxon, but 

said the link-ups did not stop 
Saxon. Mahoney said the link-ups 
moved backwards, away from 
Saxon. She said the individuals 
tried to maintain a steady distance 
from him at all times. 

Quirk testified she never linked 
arms during the walk, directly 

contradicting earlier testimony 
from Muir Dean Jim Beckley that 
she had done so on two separate 
occasions. 

All the witnesses except Mar-
cuse, who was present only at the 
question and answer period, said 

Continued on Page 3 

San Diego Job Market: Be 
Prepared to Start at Bottom 

by Craig Jackson perience is imperative for many of 
Staff Writer these jobs because of the ex-

If you are a June graduate with a treme specialization involved. 
BA in one of the social sciences, do She cited Texas as one region 
not expect to find a good job in the where the rapid growth of industry 
San Diego area. According to has made many more jobs 
Noreen LYM, a labor market in- available. 
formation specialist for the Valuable Skills 
Ca lifornia E mploymen t Lynn also offered some concrete 
Development Department, you advice for c/)llege students. She 
might "just as well forget the suggested that students should 
whole thing." " get a trade and get an education." 

In an interview last week, Lynn They should work part-time in a 
said that San Diego has the highest job that interests them, and not 
unemployment rate in the state spend all their time and effort 
and the third highest in the nation. studying for the usual four-year 
People with degrees iii the social degree. According to Lynn, they 
sciences - sociology, history, will then be acquiring work ex-
psychology, anthropology - have a perience and valuable skills that 
hard time finding career positions they can fall back on after 
locally 'in their fields. They face graduation if the jobs they want 
strong competition from more are not immediately available. 
qualified and experienced Lynn said that college graduates 
professionals who are drawn to San should be willing to "start at the 
Diego because of the climate. bottom" and work their way up 

This is not to say that all through an organization instead of 
graduates with BA's or MA's are aiming for the top jobs right away. 
unemployed. Lynn said that most Lynn also questioned the value of 
of them are able to find interim the traditional college education as 
work as waitresses, gas station opposed to the training provided by 
attendants, fast-food workers, more job-oriented vocational and 
secretaries, and in other · technical schools. She suggested 
low paying jobs. that up to 90 percent of high school 

Graduates with the traditional graduates probably shouldn't even 
"hard" science majors are not go to college. 
faring too much better, according UC San Diego's own career 
to Lynn - at least in the San Diego advisors expressed disagreement 
area. Local companies have few with some of Lynn's views. Gloria 
high-level openings even in such Liebrenz, the new director of 
occupations as electronic or in- Career Planning and Placement, 
dustrial engineering, drafting and Maxine Bailey, the assistant 
programming or systems director of CPP , suggested last 
analysis. LYM noted that ex- Continued on Page 3 

Halberstam Labels President "Anchorman" of National Communications 
by James G. Solo 

City Editor 
"Information is power aOd the 

Presidency has more information 
available than any other in-
stitution," said Pt.ilitzer Prize 
winner David Halberstam 
Tuesday night. 

Halberstam, appearing as 
Mandeville lecturer, spoke at UC 
San Diego before 400 people in the 
Mandeville auditorium. 

Best known as the author of 
"The Best and The Brightest," 
Halberstam referred often tQ the 
subject of that book-Vietnam-
for examples to support his 
contention that the Presidency 
has become extremely powerful. 
He said the President can 
command in: ant and vast in-
fannatio.l access becau of the 
reYola tioa 

He hu also been able to co-opt 
the powers of other institUtions, 
notably Congress, Haberstam 
aid. 
Only the president has the 

capability to call for network air 
time upon demand. Halberstam 
said that this often leads to the 
abuse of network privileges. 

In 1964, according to HaUler-
starn, Lyndon Johnson was "the 
anchorman for the three network 
news shows as he was able to 
produce the information' he 

, wanted during the Tonkin Gulf 
crisis upon demand." 

Halberstam also pointed to 
Nixon using network news time to 
publically claim that he was 
innocent during the Watergate 

-affair as another abuse of 
presidential prerogative. 

Proxy Opposition 
The only other beneficiary of 

the tec,hnologlcal revolution - the 
network media - "are the only 
group that can bring coun-
tervailing power" against the 
executive, said Halberstam. 

He said that CBS newsman Dan 
Rather was In effect the proxy 
opposition to the president. 
During the press conferences on 

David Halberstam (TT 
photo: Nathan Meyers) 

Watergate, Rather was the only 
man between Nixon and the 
American people. 

According to Halberstam, the 
media-which he defines largely 
as the three networks and the 
diminishing print press-decides 
what is news. 

However, since the President 
can get on whenever he wants 
and the Congress hardly ever 
gets on, the Jeffersonian concept 
of democracy and separation of 
powers has become less 
meaningful. 

He said we live in polarized 
political society. There is the 
state-defined as the presidency-
and the anti-state-which is the 
press and, sometimes in tandem 
with it the Congress. 

However, Halberstam said th 
present s stem works to the 
advantage of the President 
because he can make decisions 
affecting every aspect of 
American life. In contra 1, said 
Halberstam, li th (network) 

evening news program is good as 
a front page, but there is little 
room for debate and analysis." 

Since the networks rarely, if 
ever, give coverage to the 
various congressional hearings, 
Halberstarn believes that to even 
hold them is a waste of time. 
Television is the most important 
conduit of information and use of 
other means of communications 
will not be effective in fostering 
and presenting debate. 

" We as Americans are less 
involved in voting because there 
is one missing link: it is the 
failure to connect the issues to 

levision," said Halber tam. He 
Id that int re ting and im-

portant events (Angola and 
Rhodesia ) are not getting 

Distortion of Realfty 
"Inst ad," Halberstam 

argued, " reporter and 1 our-
nalists act as beralders ri. the 
(presidential) pa eant." H cited 

Unu PI, 3 

\ 



• rI •••••• n'H Friday, April I, 11'71 
Commentary: I All the Presidenfs Men' 

Powers and Pitfalls of the Modern Press 
by H.1'IIylor when some were giving better play anll they glowed. They saw their bane Polt executive editor Ben they forgot the extentlo which they 

The prel!lS stands vindicated by to attacks on The Washington POIt. profession as few but themselves Bradlee in a 'towerlni mamer, . couJdscar nves. 
.. AU the President's Men. .. It Timothy Crouse ("The Boys on see it: a usually thankless, often leans back, feet on desk, and t.eUs a 
thinks. the Bus") found that for aU the Impopular occupaUon, one that frightened Ken Clawson that. no, 

For years, it was: money papers spend to ICIld their everyone thinks he" Can do better we won't print that you were at 8 
-Lumpy, tired, cynical old.men own reporters to Washington or out than the people doing it. One that's female reporter's apartment and 

who would kill each other to be the m the campaign trail, the editors seen as taking llWe creative skill, ruin your marriage; we just want 
first on the streets with some lurid back home still don't trust one that certain UniversiUes won't to know what you said while you 
iaie ri crime and deceit, and who anything the reporters file unless teach because it's regarded as a were at her apartment. 
would grow old either as editors - it's COITOborated by something professioJl... as academically (Bradlee is an old crony of John 
"AD alae PresldeDt'. Me.," from from one fi the wire services. And rigorous as arc welding. Kennedy's who recenUy spilled his 
the book ddaIUaI The WUlliDltoD nothing about fonner Atty. Gen. guts in a book that showed what a 
t-.t'. W.teqate ~enle by John Mitchen controlling an illegal The newspaper people marveUed monster JFK could be, and also 
reporten Bob W ..... nt .. d C.... slush fund for ' ratfucldng' - at the minute accuracy of the fibn.. how much he used Bradlee. None 
BenteiD. 0DeIII todlly. 11ae TrltoD political sabotage and espionage - The surprise in Redford's eyes as of this cropped up in the movie.) 
TImet wDl review It Mo_y. could be found on AP or UPI for he tries to keep his voice even after 

sleepll'lg in the office and eating 
spam for breakfast - or on a grimy 
copy desk with a No. 1 pencil, 
taking someone else's story over 
the phone ('The Front Page'). 

-Careless, insensitive sensation 
seekers who knew not the con-
sequences of what they dld 
('King Kong,' when the "boys' " 
flashbulbs scare the beast and 
loose his fury on the city of New 
York, and countless portrayals in 
counUess fllms to the same ef-
fect.). 

-A White House press corps so 
regimented and manipulated by a 
press secretary - Ron Ziegler in 
Richard Nixon's administration -
that the reporters were driven to 
meet and form strategy and 
subsequently condemned for 
"conspiring against the 
Presidency. It 

Now, though, it's Robert (sigh) 
Redford and Dustin Hoffman as 
Woodward and Bernstein. All by 
themselves for a while , when 
virtually no other newspapers 
were printing their stories, and, 

Letters to the Editor 

'te hil stumbling over a lead, asking a The problem is the power the 
qUI awe. press sometimes forge"· l't has. source on the phone, "You gave the ... 
And there was no shortage of check to Maurice Stans, you say? 

White House and Committee to Re- Stalls?" Hoffman's elation at 
elect the President denials and coaxing the hints of a large scale 
denunciations - which most papers story out of a frightened 
printed dutifully. bookkeeper, and his fear that "CB& 

The suspense builcb from there. and NBC are gonna jump in the 
Woodward and Bernstein, with no window and grab her." The 
sources they can name - because slammed doors, the 'notes written 
of the extent of the coverup - keep on toilet paper. Breakfast at 
at it, for a while certain they've MacDonalds. 
been set up to write incorrect Yeah. That's the way it is, they 
stories, but their editors stand by think. 
them. "Only problem was they didn't 

They beat Nixon, and they're type fast enough," said one. . 
heroes to the nation - . most of it, at 
least - and, e.ven more, to their 
fellows in the press. Because it 
feels so good to look good. Writes 
Charles Champlin, in an unusually 
laudatory Los Angeles TImes 
review of the film : there were no 
reporters " lurking about in raked 
fedoras with a fifth of Old 
Inspiration in the bottom drawer." 

A whole pack of Timesters -
reporters and editors - went to see 
a screening of the movie recently,. 

The audience at the screening we 
viewed was no less enthusiastic. 
Press and movie industry 
screenings - of which there were 
several for "All the President's 
Men" - are known for their arm-
chair critics. One, soliliquizing 
before the picture began, said he 
was "very discriminating. I think 
we all should be, don't you? I ex-
pect a lot from a film, and am 
satisfied rarely. 

Project Survival Also 
Afterwards, he was seen in the 

lobby : "A flawless film! A perfect 
motion picture ! One of the best!" 
He sounded like the first three 
pages of a paperback. 

When, for a whUe, Woodstein 
thought their story tying H.R. 
Haldeman to the control fi the 
CRP slUlh fund was wroog, their 
fear was fOf' thaanselves, essen-
tially, and no~ fOf' the man they 
would seem to have attacked 
unjustly. 

It's not a book and movieabout 8 
more human, sensitive new breed 
of journalist that's making the 
press feel so good and seOOing 
hordes into the journalism schools. 
It's just a story that shows a more 
competent, businesslike bunch 

Sponsored Symposium 
We are very pleased with the 

Triton Times new coverage of the 
Nuclear Initiative issue in general, 
and the recent Nuclear Education 
Symposium in particular. 

fhe main focus of the 
organizational effort will be the 
planning of a publicity scheme for 
the Third College-sponsored 
Nuclear Initiative, Proposition 15, 
with a debate being seheduled for 

Another, a cool, egotistical sci fi 
writer sitting ~hind us - telling 
his girlfriend ho he deserved 
Hugo for his last novel - clapped 
and giggled like a kid throughout 
the film. 

: .(/ 
~~}.,~.~~ 

We would like to make a minor 
correction to Monday's article, 
however, by informing Triton 
Times readers that the Saturday 
symposium was sponsored in part 
by the Californians for Nuclear 
Safeguards and in part by the 
UCSD Project Survival group. It is 
important for your readers to know 
that there is a campus organization 
concerned with the passage of 
Proposition 15 in June. The UCSD 
Project Survival group wi\) have 
an .organizational meeting this 
Monday night at 8 in the Revelle 
formal lounge. 

As the June election approaches, 
Project Survival's activities will 
increase significantly, as wi\) our 
need for co-workers. This week, 
for instance, a mid-day literature 
table appeared on the Revelle 
plaza. This wilJ be seen regularly 

. for the remainder of the quarter, 
as will other educational events. 

Next Monday's meeting will 
featut e a presentation on the many 

accidf'n~ and failures that have 
alreatlybeset the nuclear industry. 

Sat., April 17. _ 
Informational material in the 

form of pamphlets, articles, books, 
and videotapes will be on hand at 
the Monday meeting. All in-
terested persons in the University 
community are encouraged to 
attend. 

HARLAN BITTNER 
SUE STANFIELD 

KARLVOLZ 
BRIAN MAGEE 

Webb App't 
Lauded 

I would like to congratulate you 
for filling your position of Assistant 
Managing Editor with a woman, 
Kristin Webb. 

It is good to see more women 
being included in the staff of the 
Triton Times, particularly the 
editing sector. I sincerely hope you 
continue this policy as part of the 
new tradition of the Triton Times. 

CONNIE JEUNG-MILLS 

Schneider Adds Two Provisos 
In m~ April 3 talk IJft alternative 

sources of energy, reported in your 
April 5 fssue, I am quoted as saying 
that .t ~ould be possible to make 
up t Ie' entire gap between the 
pres,," consumption level and 
future needs without increasing 
our dependency on either fossil or 
nuclear sources. 

Those who heard me speak will 
recall that I attached important 
provisos: 

1) that energy conservation must 
be promoted by incentives or Jaws, 
such as higher energy prices or 
rationing , or both because 
voluntary conservation, com-

mendable as it is, has not been 
t:nvubl'l,and 

2) that the cost of some of the 
proposed renewable, non-polluting 
sources, while appearing favorable 
according to some estimates, were 
unfavorable according to others. 
Different autlJorities have differed 
by 2 to 1 and in some instances by 
as much as 10 to 1 (In estimates of 
costs. 

In my view, this nation should 
Immediately conduct large-scale 
xperiments to settle the question 

of costs in a timely manner. 
ALAN M. Sl;HN~IDER 

PROFESSOR OF 
ENGINEERING SCIENCES 

Usually, . they sit back and 
examine the film. For this one it 
was like the first matinee at the 
neighborhood movie house. 

~ IIlustr.tlon : M.rt<Robb "' 
The anger it incurs - both when it's 
right and when it's wrong - has to 
be balanced against the extent of 

That glee is the first of three that power and its possible 
problems in the shadow of the misuses, or the consequences if the 
'Woodstein'story. press fails to act with the im-

A sigh of happiness engulfed the mediacy and professionalism it 
crowd when a teletype pictured at prides itself in. 
the end of the film ticked off the The Nixon people may have 
headlines, from 'Haldeman, 'destroyed' the Muskie campaign 
Ehrlichman Resign' to 'Nixon· I 1972 b t ·t th ' R ' , m ear y ,u I was e press 

es~gns. . ... . words and mm, prominently 
It s that natlo~l vmdlctiveness displayed, showing bini crying on a 

that has shown Itself lately, the flatbed truck in New Hampshire 
ur~e, that's going t~ make ~ood- that c\id the dirty work. Nixon 
stem s book about NIXon talkmg to wanted to run against McGovern 
the pictures of the Presidents in the we learn and we can guess why; 
White House sen like mad. It's he knew 'he would look better than 
what made the pardon - which McGovern in the press, as the 
appears to .have be~n an a~t of Senator struggled to the right, 

~erc~, mixed With a little , trying to make his positions ac-
histoflcal good sense - contrast ceptable to the majority. The press 
with the flood of the nation, which helped beat him. 
seemed to call for the bastard to be Crouse, in his book on the 1972 
drawn and quartered by B-S2s over campaign press corps, found that 

theGrandCa~yon . while most reporters favored 
It feels a bttle funny. Perhaps McGovern, they were fairminded 

it's that the American people have enough to compensate for the bias 
a sense of where the power lies, in their reports. 
and give it up only grudgingly, out Thus, reporters produced copy 
of necessity, to representatives. that was perhaps harsher on the 
Their harshness, if proportional to Democrat than he deserved, and 
the consequences of abusing such certainly harder than what was 
vast power, has to be just as vast. being written about the Incmnbent, 

Pulitzer Prize winner David much as he was disliked by the 
Halberstam, in his appearance press. Couple , that over-
here Tuesday as a Mandeville compensation with a well-oiled If 
lecturer, said people I)ave lost their deceptive White House press 
connection with government. Their machine, and Nixon - the press-
representatives in Congress aren't hater - looked better than ever. 
big news most of the time, and like His use of media was consummate. 
the press so dependent on Of course, that's not what 
Executive Branch facts and "All the President's Men" is about. 
figures that the President and his about. 
bureaucracy have become the 
principle agent fi the government. 
Election turnout drops as a result, 
and people become more bitter and 
alienated from the state. 

The second problem is with the 
press. You can see It in the film 
when Jason Robank, playing ur-

It 's about two ambitious, almost 
overeager reporters who were able 
to give as good as they got. They 
got peoples' phone and credit card 
reconk and used both in their 
investigations. They often seemed 
so possessed by their story that 

than we've seen before. They're 
better at it. Some of them. 

They're heroes, really, to an 
industry that followed their leads 
only after the two reporters had 
pretty thoroughly blazed a trail. 
There was a significant time lag 
between Woodward and Bern-
stein's first stories and the point 
when Watergate burst onto the 
wire services and the networks. 

David Halberst8m encountered 
the same phenomenon when he 
covered the Vietnam war in the 
early sixties for the New York 
Times. He wrote that the war 
wasn't working. By doing so, he 
and a few other reporters had a 
substantial effect on Kennedy's 
thinking about the viability of the 
American effort there. 

But, again, there was a lag, this 
time a much longer one, between 
the time he began writing his 
stories for his single newspaper 
and the time Americans living in 
small towns who get their news 
from the wire service stories in 
their local papers and from Walter 
Cronkite began to realize the 
futility of the effort. 

Halberstam, 00 
hero, for telling tJ'I ory 
one else w 13 will II , to st the 
Army and . tate ( - rtrn . line. 

Halbersb ") T ,y f erlbed 
the relab l'J P 11 t I the 
nation's Ie, un, ne . paper 1 and 
the networl.s IS 'I ' 'DOre 
timid, he f It I , big, 
dangerous ~tnrjt t .' naltonal 
coverage Ii "'} \'gi ti 'IJlcy theY 
deserv iiI \ r t}u' tter 
newspapers 
lwnps for 
areas. 

No one 1m w t,. " t "r 'lJ1I 
was writinl at ,ut t. • n In 
the South Vietnamese army .nd 
the strength fi the Viet Cong; theY 

Cell ...... on P ... J 

FrIday, AprO I, 1m • 1i.()(I •• DJ('S - Page 3 
Job Op.-
week that a liberal arts education 
is much more useful in finding 
work than ls commonly believed. 

Bailey challenged the concept 
that graduates should start 

Uebrenz also pointed out the 
value of the "generalist" 
education, like that offered at 
uam, in which liberal arts majors 
are expected to have a good grasp 
of basic math and science, while 
science majors are expected to be 
able to read widely, write, and 
have some social awareness. 

Coop Fears Triton Times Rip-Off in 
Student 'Center Space Allocations 

. working in low-level jobs. She said 
they should make a systellllltic 
search of career options, pick the 
position most suited to them, and 
aim for it. Bailey said that to be 
succeMful in such a job hunt, you 
mllSt be able to articulate clearly 
and positively what you want to do 
in the job and how you can benefit 
your employer if he hires you. 

Rtgol'OWl Exams 
~iebrenz, formerl'y at the 

Uruverslty of San Francisco, was 
strongly opposed to the idea that 
only the top 10 percent should think 
about going to college. She cited 
the British and Japanese 
educational systems, where 
rigorous exams are used 
channel students into Strictly job-
oriented "tracks," thus limiting 
the individual's career choiCes for 
life. Llebrenz said the government 
should never be allowed to set 
quotas on college majors ac-
c?rding to the jobs to be filled. 
Prexy's Men ... 
only ~gan to wonder when they 
saw, on film on television, peasants 
huddled with their children' 
watching their village burn. They 
may never have known what 
Halberstam had written about 
years earlier, but they did begin to 
sense something was wrong. The 
war became unpopular. 

That delay between the time the 
war began and the time the press 
started telling a passably complete 
story was fatal to a number of 
people. If the press had waited any 
Ion er to cover the Watergate 

Halberstam ... 
Kennedy's trip to Europe in 1963 
and Nixon 's China trip as 
examples fi where reporters 
became less concerned with 
issues and more concerned with 
"media events." 

"This has not just served 
~ongress and the nation poorly, 
It has served the Presidency 
poorly," said Halberstam. "It 
has encouraged the last three 
presidents to go beyond the limits 
of their power. " 

Halberstam said that the 
president is the one who becomes 
fooled by the distortion of reality. 

Answering questions from the . 
audience, Halberstam said that 
he doesn't believe that networks 
manipulate the news but that 
they are more concerned with 
showing good film than reporting 
an important issue well. 

He said that the new book by 
Bob Woodward and Carl Bern-
. in, "The Final Days," which 
documents the last days of the 
Nixon presidency, "has a ring of 
unyielding truth." However, 
Halberstam believes the con-
troversial material in the book 
should have been reported 
earlier. He said the problems in 
the Nixon administration were 
not ideological but rather 
psychological. 

Liebrenz advised that students 
take classes that do not tie in 
directly with their major in order 
to learn about such skills as ac-
counting, statistics, or computer 
programming, skills that can be 
valuable in many different future 
careers. 

Uebrenz said that employers 
can always hire capable specialists 
or technicians, but that they often 
don't know where to go to find 
energetic, broadly-educated 
organizers and managerS. 

She pointed out the need for 
bringing employers into contact 
with liberal arts students, because 
such students often possess 
precisely the kinds of creative, 
enterprising abilities that are 
sought after in prospective 
managers and administrators. 

story - they did wait long enough to 
allow Nixon his landslide in 1972-
it might have been fatal for the 
American system. 

'I'he third problem is more in-
sidious. The big thing after the 
resignation - bigger than ever 
before, in the sense that people 
appeared to mean it - was clean 
government. But government just 
doesn't stay clean very long, 
because many of the things it does 
are either repugnant or in-
comprehensible to people. "All the 
President's Men" - a tale of leaks, 
disloyalty, intimidation and flaws 
in organization and planning -
may not be such a popular film 
from a governmental point of view. 
Watergate, one would think, had to 
lead to as much covering of tail as 
it did to reform. 

For instance, Senate Bill 1, still 
sloshing around in Congress, 
contains provisions that would 
prohibit much of what Woodstein 
did to get their story. Several 
reporters' and editors' groups are 
vehemenUy opposed to it. 

S 1 in its present form was born 
of the Nixon administration. 

They might have called it 'rat-
fucking.' 

" Nixon Resigns; Gerald Ford is 
US's 38th President," ticks the 
teletype, and you wonder if it 
wouid tick sinu~ly if it coula: 

Happy ending? " President's 
Men" is already a period piece -
Woodward and Bernstein are 
getting fat on their laurels. We've 
touted them for ending an ad-
ministration, though they wouldn't 
have been able to do it without 
Cronkite. Halberstam certainly 
wasn't able to end a war. 

The press, with all its new self-
esteem, has a record of covering 
the two biggest stories since World 
War II timidly, at best. But the 
demands on it grow bigger every 
day. 

Are we learning anything? 

The allocation of space in the 
student center by the 
BudgeVResource Group (BRG) 
again dominated the Student 
Cooperative meeting Monday 
night. 

BRG members Monty Reed and 
Steve Wellington presented a set of 
different allocation plans and 
asked the Coop to approve the 
BRG's use of the pJans as a basis 
for space negotiations with the four 
colleges. 

Hearings. .. 
campus police and- various ad-
ministrators shoved demon-
strators in an effort to keep a space 
between demonstrators and Saxon. 

Communications student David 
Pickett said administrators were 
the. threatening element that day, 
while other witnesses told about 
several administrators who pushed 
through crowds of demonstrators 
trying to keep in front of Saxon. 

CIA Irreconclliable 
With Academic Freedom 

Marcuse, ,the noted political 
philosopher who appeared late 
Thursday afternoon, labelled the 
concepts espoused by Saxon during 
the question and answer period 
" utterly irreconciliable" with the 
standards of academic freedom 
because of what has been revealed 
about the CIA in Senate hearings 
and elsewhere. 

Marcuse's testimony was in-
terrupted by frequent objections 
from Gordon, who questioned the 
relevance of the philosopher's 
testimony to the charges against 
the students. Lugannani echoed 
this objection. 

Marcuse - who said he knows 
three of the charged students, 
Mahoney, Katisiaficas and 
Zamudio - said Saxon's assertion 
that the university cannot teach 
morality could have prompted the 
aneged violations. 

Saxon's statement put the 
student~ into a mood of "anger, 
frustration and disappointment," 
Marcuse said. That " frustration 
had to be aired," he added, and the 
demonstration was the immediate 
effect. 

In a response to a question from 
Gordon, however, Marcuse said 
blocking Saxon's progress or en-
dangering his safety would not 
have been justif ied by the 
President's answers at the ' 
question and answer session. 

Earlier in the day charged 
student Marco LiMandri was 
banned from the 'hearings by 
Lugannani for interrupting the 
proceedings. Later three more 
charged s tudents, Mahoney , 
George Katsiaficas and Robert 
Norberg, were also ordered to 
leave: 

At one point Literature professor 
Reinhard Lettau, a spectator, 
asked APIS professor Lugannani if 
he was a scientist, and told the 
hearing officer he should go to 
work writing for Reader's Digest 
magazine . 

rue ~a._n 2:JufJO C!.ampu~ 
P'109'ta.m !Boa.'td p't£~n.h 

'. 

he Prisoner 
wi Patrick MacGoohan 

April 10 • Jun 5 
.t 6: 30 , .. before 

each Frlela, .".. .t .... , film 
(In·cluc1e4 In I. ticket price) 

Reed indicated that he felt the 
vote was necessary to insure the 
legitimacy of the BRG 
negotiations. 

accept a final situation that in-
cluded the Triton Times occupying 
the space. 

The Coop voted 3~ with four 
abstentions to support the 
proposals. 

Many Coop members felt the 
major issue concerning the 
allocations was whether or not the 
Triton Times should move into the 
space that was designed and built 
to house it in the student center. 

The CoQP then voted again to 
support the BRG in its actions. The 
second vote was interpreted as a 
show of support for the BRG in the 
event it should decide on a plan 
that was against the wishes of ijle 
administration. 

Some members felt the space 
might be better used for housing 
other organizations. 

The Coop also approved BRG 
budget allocations totaling $10 644 
for spring quarter programs ~nd 
operating expenses. BRG mem-
bers said that this allocation 
exhausted the remaining 
unallocated student funds for this 
academic year. 

Reed also said he feared the 
Student Affairs Office may only 

M.rt< Woelber 
Managing Editor 

Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

Crllg Uchld. 
Opinion Ed/lor 

Nathan Meyers 
Photo Editor 

Alan Russell 
Arts Editor 

St.1I writers 
Ran Anbar 

Evelyn Barata 
Betsy Chimenl 

Brian DaVIS 
Aobln DeA,eu. 
Sieve Esmedina 

Cathy Fitzmaurice 
John Halperon 
Craig Jackson 

Ron Kato 
ScOIl Sadll 

Ken Stlpanov 
Tana Talcahashl 
Cary Thompson 

Vera M .1. Tooorov 
Nick Vanocur 
Debora Weber 

John H. Taylor 
Edllor·llH:hiet 

Wendy Eagle 
Ottlce Manager 

uc San Olago 

Special writers 
Charles He< mler 
Edward S,mons 

Business 
Penae L,tlieton 
Doug Mooney 
Jenn,fer lack 

Assistant Managing Editor 
KroslinWebb 

Production 
Becky DeVinney 
Shauna Stokes 

9 
• 

Jlmes G. Solo 
City Editor 

s .... J. loWWl 
Community Editor 

Kenzi. Nicoli 
Business Manager 

Dave Elsen 
Sports Editor 

T tm MacKenz Ie 
Croticism Editor 

Photography 
Paul JaN'S 

Sha ron Robert s 
B,II BroOks 

Mark Gomez 
Joan Finkle 

Copy 
Susan Nealon 

Osa 
Nad,ne Llndn ... 

II I uslrllors 
Mart< Robb 

Steve Skublne 
Bill Pelronnef 

Seeking <l areer opportunity in ~n uncrowded 
fi~ld where business is boominl? Where the money 

tS I"eilt? Where the work is Rscinating? Where 
the future is unlimited? Where $3,500 trains you, 

starts you? I F so, write or phone : 
SCIENTIFIC MEDITATION INSTITUTE 
~ OFAMERICA I. " .... ;r. Penthouse One ~~ ~ 3000 East Sunrise Boulevud .tm ,~ I Fort lauderdale, Florida 33304 ' \\b~ 

;~ ® Phone : 305-561 "1397 

Entertainment Affiliates 
presents 

SAVOY 

SPECIAL GUESTS 



Newt Discotheque Opens 
T oni~t at Revelle Side Door 

I 
A new cIiacotheque, featuring Housing Board and the Revelle 

"music OI'J . broad spectrum" in a . Provost Fund. 
nightclub abnosphere, is opening . With the funds Ubiquity mem-
tooiglt at UC San Diego. bers have tried to tum the Side 

Ubiquity, founded by Door into a nightclub, with a bar 
"dissatisfied with the en- and a new speaker. In addition 
tertainment and night life on they have blacked-out the windows 

.. campus," is scheduled for a debut and will iUuminate the interior by 
·'engagement at 9 pm in the Revelle candlelight to produce the night-

Side Door, directly adjoining the club atmosphere. 
Revelle cafeteria. In the future Ubiquity Unlimited 

The disco is scheduled to be open hopes to get funds from the 
Fridays and Saturdays from 9 pm Campus Program Board and the 
to 2 in the morning, with a cover Budget' Resource Group, after 

Ubiquity Unlimited awaits disco opening. From left to 
are Steve PapadoJ;lulos, Janet Fisher, Robin King, Steve 
Wellington, Connie Brown, Diane Bernstein. (Photo: Mark 
Gomez) 

charge of 25 cents. It will feature 
music from tapes, records and the 
radio, according to general 
coordinator Steve Papadapoulos 
and publicity coordinator Con-
stance Brown. 

Speaking in an interview Wed-
nesday, Papadapoulos said the 
"dances put on by the university 
only appeal to a narrow segment of 
the campus." By contrast, Brown 
said, Ubiquity hopes to appeal to 
everyone. 

The idea behind Ubiquity began 
last quarter when several students 
got together to form Ubiquity 
Unlimited. They received ap-
proximatiey $1000 from three 
sources: the Revelle Committee on 
College Affairs, the Revelle 

establishing itself as an 
organization contributing to the' 
campus community. 

The cover charge, along with soft 
drinks and juices that will be sold, 
will be used to help cover expenses. 
Papadapoulos says that Ubiquity is 

a completely non-profil establish-
ment, recycling any' money made. 
into improvements such as special 
lighting, decorations and an im-
proved sound system. 

Brown said the disco needs 
volunteers, such as managers to 
open and close, stock the disco and 
keep the staff organized, bar 
tenders and doorpeople. 

A meeting for volunteers is set 
for next Monday night at 7, in the 
Revelle formal lounge. 

Positions Now Available 
for Stotewide Committees 

- Academic Planning and Program Review 
Board' 
- Adv isory Commillee lor learnln9 
Resources 
-Adminlslration Adv isory CommiUee on 
Inclusion Area. 
-Task Fore. on Flnaneialaid Inlormalion 

- Afl i,mallve Action Advisory CommlUee. 
-lnle,·Campus alhlellc Advisory Board 
- Task Force or Financial Aid information 
-Academic Senal, Commltle. on 
Educallonal Policy. 
-Advisory Committee on Inslllrclional 
Imprawemant Programs 

Have dorecl onpul on leglslalion concerning 
YOUR educal,on Conl acl Deans of ft ces. 
Siudeni Cenler . or Lobby Anne. for further 
tnformat lon 

I Deadline April 30 

PASSOVER SEDER 
The Union of Jewish Students will be hiding a seder on 
cCimpus for the first night of Passover. Everyone interested is 
in vi ted to come . 
V\ HERE: International Center 
WHEN: Wednesday night. April 14 at 7;00 -. 
T:,e seder will include dinner , service, and singing in family 
style . 
Please RSVP by Saturday April 10 to insure IIlat we can 
prepare enougll food . 
CALL LARRY HARRIS 453-6878 

NORMA PINTO 295·3783 

ferr RSVP or m re info . 

by Alan Russell 
Arts Editor 

The UC San Diego music department will present two exciting concerts 
tonight and tomorrow night at eight in the Mandeville recital hall. Featured 
in tonight's performance entitled, "From Rags to Other Riches," is Cecil 
Lytle, assistant professor of music at UCSD, and noted piano player. 

Performing the music of such gifted Afro-American composers as 
Nathaniel Dett, C.T. Perkinson, De Sayles Gray, Charles Davis, and Scott 
Joplin, Lytle will display his keyboard talents that span both classical and 
jazz music. 

Saturday night, the UCSD Gospel Choir will perform under the direction of 
Lytle, and present a program of traditional gospel tunes ~s well as con-
temporary songs. Both concerts are free and open to the public. 

Tonight's piano recital is funded by Third College as part of a grant in 
studying Afro-American composers. Speaking of the composers and works 
he WOl 'd he playing, Lytle said for want of a better word they could be called 
" nationalistic." He explained that the composers were attempting to "wed" 
Eur:>pean classical traditions with what they believed to be Afro-Ameri~an 
gestures. Lytle sees similarities in what the black composers are domg 
today as compared with earlier European composers, 

"Chop:n was a nationalist attempting to wed what he believed to be the 
classiu) lJul'c.pean music indigenous to Polish music," he said. " You can 
look at Uszt as a composer, and see that he attempted to do virtually the 
same thing in a nationalistic posture, injecting into classical music what he 
considered to be indigenous things such as the " Hungarian Rhapsody." 

Since coming to UCSD from Grinnel College in Iowa two years ago, Lytle 
has put together a 52 member gospel choir. He is impressed most with the 
unity and "community feeling" of the choir, in that there are eleven people 
in it who have no ties with the university. The group has been regularly 
performing around San Diego and California in both churches and other 
settings. 

"One of the things that is so fascinating about gospel music is that it has 

One performance only in San Diego 
Thursday, April 15th at 8:00pm 
with Martha Graham in person Prices: sa.50. 7.50. 6.50 

San Diego Civic Theatre Student Discount $1,00 

Program : SeraphiC Dialogue' I Lamenlal,on' 
Et Penllenle' I AppalachI an Spring' (. San Diego prem.ere~ 

T,ckets now o n sale at C nle. BOK OffIce, 9am to 5pm, 
and al Sears, Montgomery Wards. and II TIck Iron outlets . 

Whole N 
School of 

I 

An Interview with ~.l'-'o.&£ Musician and Gospel Singer Cecil Lytle 

sUch a long tradition," Lytle said. are the old fashioned "stomp your 
- foot, clap your hands, and go to songs,' and then you have cultural 

artists doing other thingS, the mOl.~nJX.ral-Y who are utilizing a 
lot of new ideas and putting it. It's possible for 

. some of the old religious as background for James Brown . . 
Now that may sound very people, buy you have young 
people who have to relate to hear it on a tape." 

Teaching seems to be the "When I was on the road 
as a soul and jazz man I 'found three or four months I got 
tired of that. When for three for orchestras and classical 

. kinds of concerts I got like in the academic com-
munity here I can do just a The performances this 
week are quite different. On have a dynamite gospel per-
fonnance, and on May 14 we an all Liszt concert. It seems to 
.me the most amenable worked with. " 

Lytle studied both classical at the Oberlin Conservatory 
and the University of his early musical training came 
from his father who in New York City. While still an 
undergraduate, Lytle's that he won first prize in the 
International Liszt in 1968. 

A Triton Times interview brought out different aspects of-bis 
musical life as well as his future 

T.T.: Is what you would calla going on today? 
Lytle: I don't think it ever Every generation has been doing 

something. Ellington was a example. That clearly was a 
renaissance. A whole new new school of thinking. What 
we are basically talking an oral tulture, a musical 
culture, a culture that young musician sits and hears 
someone else playing, and ideas about it. 

T. T.: Were your goals from a musician? 
Lytle: Yeah. It's a blessing I don't even remember starting 

music-it was always there. I eleven children so the process 
was there, working in the I was being worked into the 
whole choir and the I took over the piano more and 
more. One of the most of my life was not playing for 
the Boston Symphony, that nature, because those things 
don't frighten me. The occurrence of my life came when 
my father, who was the took a vacation and left me in 
charge of the choir. 

T.T.: How old were you? 
Lytle : Ten. Justten. I'm 
T.T.: Do you compose rn •• "ie,_ 
Lytle: Yeah, I write music dances. I don't really think of 

myseH as a composer. The gm.IJOsl!r I have ever experienced, the 
man who could put Ellington. His being is in the 
music. Ellington is the doesn't bear this out I'm 
going to commit suicide. his kind of incredible instinct. 

T. T. : How do you like tealchliq 
Lytle: I really dig teaching. IW!iOUnIO phony, but I really get a kick 

out of it. Being involved in kinds of music, I don't like to be 
limited in what kind of music [ ?on 't necessarily enjoy grading 
papers or teaching some of the things, but there's something very 
exciting about watching open up. I watch students going 
-through the same stages I try to help them. It's kind of a 
personal challenge to be pursuits. 

Lytle says that he believes ill ethic" when it comes to music 
and that "value comes from life completely revolves around 
music, and that "value " His lHe completely revolves 
around music, and he stated of the great experiences to listen 

Cecil Lytle 

to something, and when you've finished, you find your life has' changed 
Musi~'s got to ~o this to you." . 

This enthUSiasm of Lytle carries into his hopes and plans for the music 
d~partment. In addition to the concerts this weekend, he will be involved 
With several more university productions this quarter. Next year he hopes 
for "super things." 

"I 'm always planning," he said. "ifthere was a traffiC£ine for planning I 
would have been in jail years ago." I ' 

Pacific Performing Arts and 
Mel Howard present 

The Japan Folkloric Arts Ensemble 

odori 
.FESTIVAL OF Japan 

DEVIL DANCES / TEMPLE DANCES I DRAGON DANCES / RITUAL COMBAT 
40 SENSATIONAL DANCERS . SINGERS AND MUSICIANS 

"An exquisite, lavishly produced demonstration of 
folk songs, drama and dance. II - Los Angeles Times 
"Don't miss this compa'l.Y' " - New York Times 

CIVIC THEATRE 
TUESDAY APRil 13 • 8:00PM 

Tickets on •• 1 •• t C.nt., BOll Oftlce, 9:00 ' .m. to 5:30 p.m . 
Ind II S.ar •• Monlgomery Ward. , and all Tickelron oullela . 

PRICES: $7.50-8.50-5.50 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 51 .00 

For Furlher Informallon CIII .. '" . . . . . .. .. 236.8510 

Friday, April I, 1171 

Back Door Climax 
For Billy Cobbam 

by Alex Bennett 
Staff Writer 

Billy Cobham and his new band 
dazzled a sold-out Backdoor 
audience last Monday night with a 
powerful show of musicianship 
that afterwards kept the audience 
calling for an encore long after the 
house-lights went on. 

Cobham is a jazz drummer who 
achieved a preeminent reputation 
for his work with the Mahavishnu 
Orchestra of yore. Since then, he 
has made a number of albums on 
his own, with other bands around 
him. 

This latest band is currently into 
the popular funk-rock vein of 
contemporary jazz. Their treat-
ment of the genre is not very 
original, but achieves distinction 
through the exceptionally dynamic 
and craftful talent of each mem-
ber, which makes for music that is 
tightly phrased and paced. The 
emphasis is on solos, which allow 
the musicians to bring their in-
dividual ideas to a full, rich 
development commensurate with 
Ujeir expertise. 

George Duke, who has played 
with Frank Zappa, was on 
keyboards. He infused his syn-
thesizer leads with a catchy in-
tensity with his wild pitch 
modulations. Alphonso Johnson of 
Weather Report was on bass. He 
sometimes enhanced his skillful 
playing with "fuzz and wah-wah." 
John Scofield played a guitar 
ranging from mellow, old-
fashioned jazz to a 
McLaughlinesque style. 

Together with Cobham, they 
applied to their music a joyful 
intenSity that was accented by a 
playful, jocular stage presence. At 
one point, Duke stopped in the 
middle of a number to ask Cobham 
about his biceps, and Johnson 
wanted to know why George was 
always hogging the microphone. 

The band opened with 
"Crosswinds," and continued with 

other old Cobham numbers, in-
cluding "On a Natural High" and 
"Red Baron." Then there was a 
long, rather mellow piece which 
was highlighted by acoustic guitar 
and a synthesizer solo that was like 
birdcalls. After a beautiful con-
clusion with mellotron and lead 
guitar, the musicians left the stage 
to Cobham. 
. Up to this point, Cobham had 
played with restraint, staying in 
the background. Now, with the 
concert more than halfway over, 
the audience was ready for his 
solo. He began quietly, developing 
his solo with subtle textures that 
lulled the ears with their 
remarkable richness. The pace 
slowly picked up, and Cobham's 
drumming assumed a powerful 
intensity that was searing in its 
precision and detail. The audience 
was caught up in his driving 
rhythms. Then something Clicked. 
and Cobham was drumming faster 
than the eye could follow. His 
playing achieved jackhammer 
force, his great arms practically 
stroboscopic. The band came back 
on, but Cobham was to be 
restrained no longer. He literally 
went wild on the drums, flailing 
them with unbridled energy, but 
never losing tightness with his 
band, who were driven by Cobham 
to an overwhelming ctimax. 

Cobham easily remains the best 
drummer I have ever seen. Beyond 
his extraordinary speed, there is 
the visual beauty of his playing, 
which comes from his sure, precise 
movements, and the decorations 
he adds, such as hitting the 
cymbals on both sides. But most 
essential is the depth of his 
drumming. His cleanly driving 
beats which never fail in ex-
citement, are always constructed 

wi~ a ri£.h complexity that in their 
sWiftness can scarcely be 
unravelled by the listener, much 
less be imitated by other drum-
mers. 

.. CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY SACRAMENTO 
CHINESE UNIVERSITY OF HONG KONG 

INT'L CULTURAL INTERCHANGE FOUNDATION 
JOINTL Y SPONSOR 

A 16 - Day I ntroduction To The Orient 

Hon~ Kon~ 5695 
16 Days and 14 Nights including Air Fare 
From OAK LANO & SEATTLE 

Featuring Hvatt Regency Hotel or . .. 

Ban4kok Sln~aDOrE 
ANOHon4 Kon4 5989 
From OAKLAND & SEATTLE 

Including Air Fare PLUS 
• 7 nights Hong Kong Hyatt Regency 
• 3 nights Singapore Mandarin 
• 4 nights Bangkok Hyatt Rama 

3 UNIVERSITY UNITS OF CREDIT! 
Superb opportunity to meet and visit with people of the 
~rlent. Recommended reading materials, 5 lectures by 
Instructors from CUHK, 3 local tours in the educational 
package, for : . 

$ 95 with Credits 
$ 65 w'ithou't Credits 

SPACE IS lil~ITEDI 
For details or reservations, writf' to: 

CSUSSTUOVPROGRAM 
828 A.rport Blvd .. Burl;'":S :r. . C !d .. , ,,, ~ C1C 

Name ____________________________ _ 

Street __________________________________ 1 

City _________________ State~_-_____ Zlp _____ • 



lliE 8R['1\ER BROTI£.RS fW'() 
BKKlOBKK 

LP'S 
MFRS. SUG. LIST PRICE 6.98 

OUR REG. TICKET PRICE 4.96 

TAPES KET 
THEsE GRiAT HITS & MANY MORE 

- PABLO CRUISE _LEE OSKAR - THIN LIZZY 
Lifeline L .. Dllur Jailb, .. k -ONE FLEW OVER THE 

_ SWEET -CAPTAIN'" TENNILLE -oOOBIE BROTHERS CUCKOO"S NEST 
Give us a Wink Sonll of Joy TaIlin' It to the StrMts ~itiNi Soundtrack . 

-JOHN DENVER .ISAAC HAYES -LOGGINS a. MESSINA _ELVIN BISHOP 
Winchonll Groov ... ·thon N.tive Sons Stn,lttin' My Stuff 

-TOMITA ·ERIC CARMEN -LES DUDEK -OUEEN 
E · C L- D ... _.. A Ni .... t at the 0-. Firebird rIC .rmen •• u...... .',..... 

-WANTED I THE OUTLAWS <BARRY MANILOW -BOB DYLAN -OLIVIA NEWTON·JOHN 
. • . Oth Tryin' to Get the Feeling o.i,e C_. On 0"., -~l~m :(W;rr" e.. -MELISSA MANCHESTER -CHICAGO -DIANA ROSS 

Station to St.tion Better Days, Happy Endin" Gr .. test Hits Di .... R_ 
-SILVER CONVENTION <BAY CITY ROLLERS -LAURA NYRO -FLEE"TWOOD MAC 
s-v. M. Rock n Roll Love Letten Smil. Fleetwood MK 

-LONNIE LISTON SMITH -NATALIE COLE -PHOEBE SNOW -RETURN TO FOR~VER 
Reflections of a Golden Dream Inseparable Second Childhood Romantic W.rrior 

-RUFUS -THE SYLVERS -WEATHER REPORT 'NILS LOFGREN 
F .. tu,ing Chaka Khan Showcase BI.ck Market Cry Touvlt 

-JIMMY BUFFETT -SAMMY HAGAR -TED NUGENT -KISS 
Havana Daydreamin Nine On a Ten Seale Ted Nugent Destroye, 

-JOHN KLEMMER "l.A. EXPRESS -DAVE LOGGINS -GEORGE BENSON 
Touch L.A. Exp,.. Country Suite Oreezin' 

.ISAAC HAYES MOVEMENT -AEROSMITH -EAGLES . -GARY WRIGHT 

D~HUNDREDS OF THG1THIU TITTLES 
AVAILABLE Johnnie Taylor Eargasm AT THESE ~'~h~~n_hHw_) LOW. -'·.Ge~~~_~ __ 

PRICES 
III 
••• 

FrIday, April ',11'11 

PRESENCE 

EL CAJON BLVD. 39TH & UNIVERSITY 
SAN DIEGO 

173 FLETCHER PARKWA 
PARKWAY PLAZA EAST 

CAJON 
MISSION VALLEY CENT 

MISSION ALLEY SAN DIEGO 
4344 CONVOY STREET 

KEARNY MESA 
485 FIFTH AVENUE 

CHULA VISTA 
PLAZA CAMINO REAL 

CARLSBAD 
1414 GARNET AVENUE GROSSMONT CENTE 

PACIFIC BEACH LA MESA 

, t 

FrIday, Aprtl', 1171 

oFFENSivE 
Scott Sadil 

Grand Old Game Time 
All riPlnow, grab your scorecards and pencils and pay attention! We 

only go tbrOUgh tJUs stuff one time each spring training around ~re, so 
,ou better get it filM now. 

You see, rookies, Major League baseball opened its season yesterday, 
the Padres begin at heme tonigIt, UC San Diego's Tritons are in the midst 
of a flgN for a playcif berth, and the amual intramural softball bonanza 
is about to get under way. That's right, it's baseball time. Like it or not , 
you are stuck with the Grand Old Game for the nen six montt.!. 

So to refresh your memories, you screwballs, I'm going to run down 
some basic baseball facts that you should all know in order to better 
understand our national pastime, and to help you get through the Long 
Summer. 

• Ivy Wingo hit 25 homeruns in his illustrious seventeen-year American 
. League career. (This was 24 more home runs than Pinky Pittenger 

connected for.) 
• Six-time National League batting champion, Rogers Hornsby, once 

said, "Any ballplayer that dOll't sign autographs for little kids ain't an 
American. He's a Communist. .. 

. ' Defn: ' Gopher Ball- -similar to a policeman's, but the 'tickets are 
cheaper. 

. • The Infield Fly Rule: A batter is automatically out when he hits a fair 
ball (not including a line drive or an attempted bunt) which can be caught 
by an infielder with ordinary effort, when first and second, or first, 
second, arxl third bases are occupied, before two are out. Runners may 
advance at their own \i:lk. 

• On the average, every male attending a Major League baseball game 
consumes 47% more foot-long hotdogs than every female in attendance. 

• George Zuverinik led the American League in games pitched in 1956 
and 1957. 

• Ofn: Fungo - singular for what often begins to grow between a cat-
cher's legs in St. Louis during late August. 

• Sinclair Lewis wrote that baseball and the Republican Party were 
both of "eternallmportance." 

• The nickname of Willie Davis, one of the Padres off-season 
acquisitions, is 3-Dog. 

- Defn: Baltimore Chop - a punch often thrown by Muhammad Ali when 
he becomes upset with someone during a softball game. Should not be 
confused with his Russian Tank, Mirage, Rope-A-Dope, or Steppin Fet-
chit Anchor Punch. 

- The UCSD Tritons are one of the few teams in the history of baseball 
that calculate statistics from personal estimates of previous per-
formances. 

- Sibby Sisti's lifetime batting average was .244. 
- The average yearly salary for a major league baseball player is 

$45,000. 
- Ofn : Payoff Pitch - tne first ball Andy Messersmith throws this 

- season. 
• Pitcher Tug McGraw does not know whethet he likes grass or Ast~ 

Turf better because he has " never smoked Astr~ Turf before." 
• Defn : Squeeze Play- (Guess) 
- 90% of all fans that have heard an alwninum bat hit a hardball agree 

that these bats are part of a subversive plot to destroy baseball. 
- Triton captain and left fielder, Dave Lettuca, would be inducted into 

the UCSD sports hall of fame after he ends his four-year varsity career, if 
there was such a place. 

• Defn: Bases Loaded - what a team ends up with when a player is 
accompanied by a BlooPer, a Bleeder, and a Drag Bunt during his 
Nightcap at the H~ Corne .... 

Jack Lemmon in his 
most important dratnaCk: 
role since '"'The Days of 
W"" and Rosa' 

APRIL 138AM 
MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM 

TICKETS AT UCSD BOX OFFICE 
$1 

452-4559 

IEUiioPECiiA-IiiERSI 
I Book Now--Doo't wait : 
• Many F1iqhts Already FuU : 
• • 
• Booking For Flighls • 
• Deadline is: Leaving On: • 
• April 05 June 08 • 
• April 12 June 15 • 
• 

April 18 June 21 
April 23 . ' 

• 
June 26 

April 26 June 29 • 
I • 
• 
1 SPACE STILL AVAILABLE •• 

ON SOME FUGHTS I CIEE I. 
I S ..... nt Bill Keller & Mark Dana • 
• ,,''':_. UCSD Intemalional Center • 

lb .~-~- ~;l:~ Calif. 92093:J. ....-.~ Open Weekdays 12-4 pm. 
••••••••••••••••••• 

Page 7 

Tritons Host Doubleheader 
UC San Diego's baseball squad meets Cal Baptist backed by several players who are enjoying fine 

tomorrow in a noon doubleheader, as the Tritons hitting seasons. Designated hitter Jim McWeeney 
continue to drive for a post season playoff spot. Now remains the team leader, with a 3.60 average, one 
4-7 in conference play, UCSD continues to depend on home run and 11 runs batted in. 
the pitching of Bob Lofgren to carry the team. Left fielder David Lattuca has stayed hot, hitting 

Lofgren (2-2, 1.18 ERA) will pitch one of .315, with catcher Gary Patton and first baseman 
tomorrow's games at the UC$D field. He will be Bob Vaage both over the .300 mark. 

~j~ ,-,-::I..l..i_I_' _" _ 'J' __ '_J _' ____ ~_/' f • / Timesmap MarkRobb 
B ~ __ .:ltS!! 
/l#£ 

n 

\0 

I ~ I I I I 
• i' . 

II ' ~ 
I ' I 

I 

J\ I 
-

I ' ~I 
I· 

'j 
~ ~ I . 

I '. I , f I " " , ., I' I 
.,J., " ~ 

, 

I 

t. ~ , . " 
\ 

t JJ., I 
The Triton baseball field was once marked by a sign, reading "UCSD Baseball Field", on 
Miramar Road. The sign was stolen, obviously by a quite rabid fan last Halloween. 
Spectators now can use a compass to find the field, or this easy-to-read map. The field is 
located just off of Miramar Road , across the street from the Veterans Hospital. 

Women's Basketball Action 
SDWIAC Tournament 

Finals Tonight 
by Evelyn Barata 

Staff Writer 
The San Diego Women's 

Intercollegiate Athletic Con-
ference (SDWIAC) basketball 
tournament, hosted by UC San 
Diego, concludes in the main gym 
this afternoon. Play beginsat4 pm, 
finishing the three days of com-
petition. 

Final league playoff games, in 
preparation for the tourney, were 
held at four SDWIAC schools 
earlier in the week. First seeded 
Grossmont, in the opening en-
counter, easily defeated Mesa 
College at Point Loma. 

UCSD, rated fourth, rallied from 
behind to top Palomar at 
Grossmont, while Imperial Valley, 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Mira Costa, Southwestern, and 
Point Lorna played in later games. 

The Tritons had to face 
Grossmont for a difficult 
assignment in the opening round of 

the SDWIAC finals this week. 'l"lre 
championship battle is scheduled 
for 8:'3if, WI h- lop-ranked 
Grossmont a good bet to be 
playing. 

Tomorrow's SO Re1ays: 
Trackmen Optimistic 

The UC San Diego track team 
will face some stiff competition in 
the San Diego Relays tomorrow at 
Balboa Stadium. 

competition will be Richard 
Petherbridge. He will throw the 
discus and carries a best mark of 
144'7". In the distance races UCSD 
will enter the 5000 meters and the 

. mile run. In the 5000, Jon Halperin 
and Doug Jacobson will take on a 
very talented field, while Pat 
Rooney and Kevin Young will be up 

. against a very fast group of milers. 
The Day Core Center will sponsor a 
rummage sole Saturday, from 9-3 
pm. The Center is look ing for 
donolions. The Doy Core Center is 
located easl of Ihe Police 5101 ion, 
and wesl of Matthews Field. There 
will be on open house and bake 
sole also. All are invited 10 come 
and browse. 

The relays, which are sponsored 
by the San Diego track club, 
usually bring in some top notch 
competitors. This year should be 
no exception, as many southland 
area schools, including UCLA and 
USC, are expected to be 
represented. 

UCSD will serxl nine men to 
compete in the event. Among them 
will be Kevin Morning, school 
record holder in the long jump 
(23'6Y,z"). Morning figures to have 
the best chance of the Tritons to do 
weir. He won the Kingsman Relays 
while setting a meet record, and 
then came back one week later to 
place fourth in the Northridge 
Relays. He will be hoping to reach 
the 24-foot level on Saturday. 

The final event of the day for the 
Tritons will be the 440 relay. A 
team of Kevin Morning, Lane 
Freestone, Eric Hendricks, and 
Eric Collings will try to better a 
season's best of 43: 1 seconds on 
Balboa Stadium's very fast track . 

In the upcoming weeks the UCSD 
track squad will travel to Santa 
Barbara for the Warrior Relays, to 
Wainut for the Mt. San Antonio 
Relays, and finally to Chapman 
College for the Orange 
Invitational. 

Supporl Prop. 15 and sofe nuclear 
power. Join. us, Project Surv ival on 
Mon. Apr. 12 at 8 pm in tlie Revelle 
Formal Lounge to ~ee whal you can 
do obout your future. 

{.;e lebratt: 
Rounding out the field event 

SHABBAT: 
--" 

FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1976 at 6:30 pm 
NORTH CONFERENCE ROOM STUDENT CENTER 
- Pot·L .... Dinner 
• F "'. DIone"" 
- MooIe 
• Singing willi Juon a_.1oft 
• R....", 

PN .... 1ed br U.J .S. 

ENJOY! 
-

-



...... 

Triumph 250, all new lop end, '8 brakes, 
Dunlop K-70'S , 50 mpg , 19" IrOllO wllHl , $400 
Bill 452-8844 (4/14) 
4 sale c lenor sax ' $200. Bar~ -Berry 
gullar, shoo cord w/prewrp $50. 
Mlkesland & boom $25 . Venlu'a guitar 
$13Q w /cese. cord. Shure PE-515 mphone. 
swvl. cese $25. Olds trmpl. : $:/!: . TWin bed 
frame $25 Caf) MaX 45<1-997:1. (m4) 

Tennis racket : Wilson T3000, 2 weeks Old . 4 
5/8 med 551bs. 132. (1)724-9738 aSk lor Ken. 
(4/14) 
Surfboard 66" Calohan $45. Jim 452-9727 . 
(4 /9) 

Female roommate wanted 10 share Oet Mar 
lownhouse Own room , sundeck, lireplace , 
ocean view. avail. now lor 8mo-l yr. $125 per 
monlh plus ulll . Gall 755-1241 Aek lor 
Louise or Mar1ha . (4/12) 

Del Mar Apt. on Coast Blvd . Available Sept.-
June 4 bedrooms, complelely furnished 
$4501 monlh plu utilities, Referenc 
requored. Call Thomas al (714) 984-4076 or 
wnle Box S04, Mt. Baldy. CA 91759. (4/9) 

PERSONAls 
Everyone who wenl on Ihe Ursa Inp 10 
heav nly Is inVited to a party Fn April 9. 8:30 
pm 1803 Coast Blvd (4/9) 

• ..--cm .11nt'8 

Third Forum Sunday 
A forwn hosted by the Third 

College student interns will be held 
from 10:30-4:30 on Sunday in the 
student center for 'the exchange of 
ideas between (Third College) 
representatives. 

T RiYON. ClASsifiEds 
The forum " is designed to bring 

Third College representatives on 
committees together to' discuss 
what their committee does, how it 
functions, problems encountered, 
and insights concerning the 
students and the university," 
according to Alan Kwan, one of the 
four student interns. 

'69 Toyota land cruiser. Xlnt condltlor. I Low 
mileage, many accessones 453-0387 (4/9) 
1972 Capri V-6 . automatic. sunroof, 4 new 
~adial tores . car cover deco~ group intenor, 
AM I FM tape-stereo Best oller . Call Diana 
270-8604 Iter 7 pm or leave message befQre 
5 pm at 452-4033. (4/ 9) 

My friend was given a Longlnes digital watch 
he wants to sell , unused. in box , $300 755-
7904 Sabino. (4/9) 
Peugeot U08 Ten speed. lalrly new. excellent 
COndition . 21'",· frame. $95 , call 453-0540. 
(4/9) 
63 Chevy Impala V8 283 4 Or Exce Engine & 
Body. $400 or best offer. 452-1016 eve , 
X2796day. Ask Rav!. (4/1 4 ) 
2 Kneeboards , guaranteed to get you In the 
greenroom . Also longlohn . Call Dale 755-
7:50, evenings (4112) 
'10 Plymouth Ouster , 4 speed, mags. tires , 
scoop. Very sharp. New clutch & brakes 
1.200 Vic 452-9867 (4/9) 
Kindness deluxe elec . hair rollers by Clalrol 
lighted mirror $15 .00 3975-F Miramar SI. 
275-1839 (419) 
Will sell or Irade never opened Roil ing Stones 
LP Goats Head Soup for good-<:ond Beatles 
2nd LP (or solo) Autobahn-Kraltwerk , new 
Fleetwood Mac . or?? Call Kerstln 755-5884 
days 

Surfboard 6'7" x 21 " . Good condition , ex-
cellent learner's board, $45 . Call Jeff at 453-
5817. (419) 
One box computer cards priced at $ 5.00. 
Typewriler $30 .00 Briefcase $500 Call 453-
0958 ( 4/ 9) 

For sale Iwo IIckets to SO Symphony, Apr , 
30 $7 SO. Call Dave 454-2087 . < 4/ 9) 

1974 Kawasaki 400 Mach 11 Beautllully 
maintaIned $500. Paul . 755--4072 eves. (411 4) 

Good old Lafayette stereo for sale $50 call 
452-9374 Michelle (4/7) 

Backpackers stove. Svea 123 sell ~cl nlng . 
new $24. used lOx. S14 Dave 452-4104 , 270-
2933 (4/9) 

Baver elm super 8 movie camera man , & aut 
telel wlde accessories $90. Tropod $1 5 
Call af 3 30 pm <64 1274 (4 116\ 

housiNG 
Female roommate needed now for Del Mar 
apt near beach Call 755-9471 CI~u(H 14/1 4) 
Female roomate want d to sharp < ElR ocean 
view apt 17 m in 10 UCSD 753·4322/ Beth 
14/ 9) 

C-OPIES 
3}'2¢ _~UM 
"1IIIl0l2 LOCATIOIIS 

1101% IIOIICIlIS ft4.13Za 
51" COUIClUYL .' .. 1JJ 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 
DICK RAKOW 21l1,-458tj 

come and hepr 
Dr. John Wight .0. 

on 

"More t an 
one kind of 
victory! " 

This Sunday 10:45am 
715 Silverado 

La Jolla 

Reed w- Congrats on usc -an E Club 
kld(4/9) 
LaUrie Y I still have your floppy disk , but lost 
your phone number Anna S. 453-6468. (4/9) 
Reed W. Congrats on USC - an E-<:Iub kid . 
( 4/ 9) 
Honey Bunny. Can you believe It? 1/ 4 since 
Keith Janet! Te Qulero Mucho. James(4/9) 

Dry Guy-I want , I need , I've just got to have 
your Herman and O'Mel Wet Lady. (4/9) 

TRAVEL 
Oon'l Delay Book by Phone New Flights to 
Europe (379+) South America (315+) the 
Onent (499+) New York (189) Hawaii (189) 
Long 01 w fl ights stili available Immediate 
phone conformations call collect WestCoast 
Student Travel Counsel AVCO Center 10850 
Wilshire LA 90024 213 475~. (6/4) 

Europe-Israel-South Amenca-Student flights 
year round ISCA 11687 san Vlcenle Blvd *4 
LA CA 90049 (213) 826-5669 (6/ 4) 
EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY. CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD IN-
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12-4pm. 452-0630. (6/3) 
Overseas lobs- Asia Auslralia , Atrica , 
Europe. South America. All occupations, 
$600-$2500. Invaluable experiences Details 
25 c ents . International Employment 
ResearCh. Box 389347 , Seattle , Wash . 98125 . . 
(4 /19) 

• SERVICES 
LOOKI NG FOR A MORE REWARDIN~ JOB 
THIS SUMMER? More pay and out of state. 
459-43 forontervlew . (5/16) 
Subjects needed for phonetocs experiment. 
For d lails. call or see Sue, P&L 3126, ext. 
2537 
Custom grad announcments. wedding In-
vltallons etc Original call igraphy at low 
cost 453-0387 (4/ 9 ) 
TYPist IBM term paper. thesis , dissertation. 
etc editing . rush lobs , xerox 560-8t71 , 452-
1588 . (6 / 3) 
Auto work . tune up brakes, minor repaor . lube 
and 011 good work . low price Mike 436-3667. 
(4 / 12) 

Would like to te h badminton contact 
Br lesh 452-9554 between 7to 10 p .m (4/9) 
HATH A YOGA Small fnendly classes, Im-
prove your concentratoon and gain contro l of 
mlntlJnd body thru postures , breath control , 
mPdltallon and relaxa toon Tues or Thurs 7-
8 30 pm Wed mornong 9 30-11 00 sa per 
month students $12 per month , non-
tudents . Forst class Iree East Commons 

Room. Old Mesa Apts . Call 275-1839, Sandra 
Jpnnlngs In tructor (Cerllfled by Indra DeVI) 

Friday April 9-

7:30 "SMILE" . 

"beauty pageants are as 
American as apple pie ." 
w / 8ruce Dern & Barbara 
E.e1don. 

THE PRISONER 
w / Patrlck MacGoohan 
"Arrival" 

'ARRIVAL' 

Planning social activities, 
academic counseling and 
providing student input to the 
dean's office are the duties interns 
perform. One intern is currently 
serving on the Special Committee 
for Choosing Regents_ 

Attendng the forum, in addition 
to the Interns, will be Third College 
representatives from the 
Budget/Resource Group, the 
Student Financial Services, the 
'Fhird College Council, the Council 
on Undergraduate Affairs and 
other campus-wide committees 
which have college represen-
tatives. 

WANTEd 
A fourth YAar male medical student in-
terested in sports would like to correspond 

. With similar students. Write to , Ajay Kothari , 
8 /7 Arya Nagar. Kanpur-208002. India. (4/12) 

Are you concerned about your future? 
Support Prop 15 and safe nuclear power to 
get Involved join us. Project Survival on Mon . 
Apr . 12 at8 pm In the Revelle Formal Lounge. 
Come and see whltt you can do. (4112) 

Wanted-experienced typist to edit and type 
thesis Please call Karl , 755-8300, daytime. 
( 4/ 12) 

Desperately need good wldeangle lens for my 
Penlax. See Nathan In n office. ( 4/ 14) • 

Require fast accurate typing contact Robyn 
454-3748 prel belore noon or after hour 
anytime keep trying ( 4/9) 

Blind student needs ride lrom UCSD to San 
Diego State Monday at 3 pm and to SOSU 
rehabllitatoon cen ter on Rulton Road Wed-
nesdays at 3:30 pm dUring this quarter call 
G ne 583-9793 eves If you can help. ( 4116) 

Need help With the research process . 
Experience preferred. Paymenl Is negotiable. 
264- 1274 ( 4/16) 

Recent Duke University Graduate needs work 
unlll July as bibliographiC re earcher, fortran 
programmer. etc 13 OO/hr Call Bill Worrell 
452-8563. ( 4/12) 

Life drawing Limit 6 senous studen ts 
$3/3 hr session . Sal Have a good model , 
need another 436-0709 (4/14) 

Wanted light-weight backpack for Europe 
thiS summer Call on the evening 296-2479 or 
447-1 753 Call now (4/9) 

10:00 

Harry 
and 

Tonto 
starring Art Carney (1 974 
Academy Award - Best 
Actor) 

Saturday, April! 0 -

6:30 

III 
.. 

THE MUSIC ROOM 7:30 
& 

10:00 A beautiful and p uliar film by one of Indl 's mo~1 well known dorector S Iy lit Ray 
who~e hum "Ism d Iv through IndlM cultur 
onlo de r. more unlvers I hum n flings 

Mexican Fete Tonigbt 
The UC International Club is 

sponsoring Mexican Night this 
evening in the International 
Center. 

There will be Mexican food 
served as well as traditional 
Mexican songs and dance_ 

The festivities will begin at 7 pm 
and admission for the general 
public is $3. Club members wtll pay 
only $1. 

Polynesian Night Tomorrow 
Tropical foods and en-

Friday, Aprll',1t7I 

tertainment will be featured at the 
Polynesian Night tomorrow 
evenl. on the pool deck of the 
natatoriwn of the UCSD gym. 

'lbe dinner will begin at 6 pm and 
entertainment will be provided 
until midnight. 

Among the activities plaruted are 
a goldfishing contest, a syn-
chronized swimminS performance 
and authen&lc ,Xahitfan dances. 

./ 

The event is sponsored by the UC 
San Diego Scuba Club. The evening 
will cost $4 per person or $7 per 
couple. Reservations are being 
taken at the recreation gym_ 

' k THIRD 
-~~\ ..; ANNUAl. Sr -...,. .. : '\~- PHOTOGRAPHYDiSPlA~ 

· & \ April 1 0-25 In ALL STORES (JI\J Prize Winning Photqgraphs 
and Entries Submitted 

by Students, ages 11-22 
.".f3ROADWAY 

The Naval Aviator 
ftiesthe_ 

The Naval Right 0Iftcer 
calls the shots. 

Flying i~ o ne of the grea te!) t challenge~ a man can face . 
But gelling a Navy jet or multi -engine prop into the air 
and down aga in i on ly part of the job. • 

That' where the Naval Flight Officer come~ In . Hc\ 
the man on the team who takes over.when the plhne is aIr-
borne and i(\ time to see the ml~ ion through to its ulti-
mate ~ ucce s. 

A!) a Na al hght Officer, ou'li ope rate radar. na iga-
tion equipment and the most ad anced electronic stem ' 
in the sky. _ . 

The tools )ou'lI work with are some of the most. ',ophts-
ticated ever deve loped . And most f them are c1as Ifled . 

It\ a demandingjob. The qualification are high. And 
the training is tough . You've got to be a college man to 
even be c )nsidered . 

But if ou'rc the kind f man wh can take a challenge 
like thi in stnde, you'll win more thanju t aNa al - light 
Officer\ w,ings of g Id . 

You'll \\In a position of re~pect and re pon ibiltt) in the 
gn.:ate~t a\-al aIr" rce in the world.. _ 

!-or compiete deta il . call us any tlm e: t~II - 1 ree, at 
800-841 -8000. Ju.,t ask for th e aval \'Hltlon de k. 

r SLOp In and see your local Nav recruiter. 

A NAVY OFFICER INFOR-
TEAM WILL BE AT 1 
PLACEMENT CEN'J 

APRIL 13th and 14 .. 


