
Saxon Says He Wasn't 
Threatened Nov. 25 

by Mark Stadier 
News Editor 

With 125 people peacefully 
demonstrating outside, LTC 
President Saxon testified Friday 
night downtown that he did not feel 
physically threatened during the 
Nov. 25 demonstration, for which 
ten UC San Diego students are 
charged with violations of 
University regulations. 

Saxon, who was the object ofthat 
demonstration, was questioned in 
the State of California building for 
two hours by the students' at-
torneys, who considered him "the 
only important witness" in the 
proceedings. 

The hearings were moved off-
campus to provide special security 
for Saxon's appearance. Secw'ity 
personnel Friday night included 16 
police officers in the building and 
six undercover officers in the 
hearing room, according to Hugh 
French, campus police chief. 

The charged students later in-
dicated they would not participate 
in future sessions. 

Soon after that they were joined 
by their attorneys, who said they 
left because. Saxon and school 
authorities had no understanding 
for the situation and because the 
university has already decided to 
find the students guilty. 

Saxon, who described the events 
of Nov. 25 as "rather noisy and 
hectic .. . kind of exciting," said he 
did not feel in physical danger at 
anytime. 

He did say his walk from Revelle 
to Matthews was " hindered," and 
that his path was " not uno~ 
structed." One of the charges 
against the students is obstruction 
of a UC official. 

Saxon said he has a . " vivid im-
pression of people linking their 
arms, facing me very closely." 
Those people generally moved 
away from mm, he said. 

Over 100 well-organized dem(lnlll~rI"tr_ the State of California 
building i~ downtown San Diego . The hllildltn!~i~~~:!~ e .peeiel complement of State 

The demonstrators also took 
measures to insure there would be 
no violence. 

He thought the "physical escort" 
he received from the police made 
his progress possible, though. 

Police posted at every door in anticipation of I:i ----.-,- visit. (TT photo: Bill Brooks) Certain people, wearing white 
arm bands, were specially 
designated by demonstration 
planners to maintain order. 

" Disturbed by Events" 

UCSD Ties With Lobby, 
SBPC on the Line Tonight 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

Tonight's Student Cooperative 
meeting could decide the fate of UC 
San Diego's undergraduate par-
ticipation in UC system student 
politics. 

There are three separate 
measures to be decided by the 
Coop at this evening's meeting: 
whether external affairs statewide 
collective co-directors Irma Munoz 
and Fred Speck should be asked to 
resign, whether the Coop should 
discontinue to fund the UC Student 
Lobby in Sacramento and whether 
these issues should be discussed 

Counterspy 
Thinks CIA 
to FaJi 

by Nathan Meyers 
"Imperialism is going to lose," 

according to Doug Porter, a writer 
for Coonterspy magazine. 

Porter spoke at UC San Diego 
Thurs~ay night in a program 
sponsored by the Anti-CIA 
Coalition. The presentation, en-
titled "The Rise and Fall of the 
CIA," also featured talks by Cookie 
Mahoney and George Katsiaficas, 
two of the students charged with 
violations of University 
regulations during UC President 
Saxon's Nov. 25 visit'to UCSD. 

Porter, in speaking to a partisan 
audience, said that he has closely 
followed the UCSD/CIA struggle. 

(The situation has received a 

Doug Porter (TT photo: 
Nathan Meyers) 
magazine, which is devoted to 
fighting the CIA. The magazine's 
publication of the names of CIA 
agents abroad has been blamed by 
PreSident Ford for the 

sasination of Athens bureau 
chief Richard Welch.) 

DUring his speech Porter em-
phasized that the' agency baa 
luded aU controla placed on it by 

c..tIa_.Pap. 

during the remainder of the year. 
Marco LiMandri, the fonner co-

director of the external affairs 
statewide collective who resigned 
in the fall quarter and later wrote a 
paper calling for the abolishment 
of the Student Body President's 
Council (SBPC), and Steve 
Switala, a co-director of the local 
lobby annex, have introduced a 
resolution calling for the 
resignation of Munoz and Speck. 

For the past three weeks the 
Coop has debated whether UCSD 
should continue to participate in 
theSBPC. 

MW1~ and. Speck-bave M&ued 
that even if people are dissatisfied 
with the current SBPC, UCSD 
should continue to participate to 
insure that the campus continue to 
have some input into statewide 
politics. 

Not Representative 
LiMandri and Switala have said 

that the SBPC can serve no further 
purpose and that it is not 
representative of the true wishes of 
the students, and therefore should 
be abolished. 

Munoz and Speck act as the 
undergraduate representatives to 
the SBPC for UCSD. 

Two weeks ago, Munoz proposed 
that a traditional Student Lobby 
annex be established at UCSD 
after It had been revealed that the 
current lobby annex has engaged 
in political activities contrary to 
the expected duties of a local an-
nex. The lobby annex has spent 
most rI. its time lobbying for the 
destruction rI. the SBPC and a 
drastic revision of the UC Student 
Lobby in Sacramento. 

Now Switala and LiMaoori have 
introduced a resolution which 
would withdraw UCSD funds from 
the Sacramento Lobby. 

Switala argues that the current 
CoaUDaed on Page 8 

UC Researcher 
Needs Blood 

A UC San Diego research 
physicist, injured Wednesday in a 
bang-gliding at:eldent at Torrey 
Pines state reserve, has undergone 
two major operations since the 
incident and is in critical need of 
blood rI. any type. 

Paul CaldweU, 32, suffered a 
ruptured aorta in the acident. The 
two operations "ve required 16 
pints rI. blood • far, and It is 
thought more will be needed. 

Caldwell'. doctors say his 
chancea for recovery are,ood. 

Blood should be donated to the 
San Diego Blood Bank, 440 Upas 
St., . The phone nwnber 
is ..... 

Photos Big 
Part of Case Students'Statement 

Questioned about his reaction to 
the events of Nov. 25 , Saxon said he 
was " disturbed by the turn of 
events," but said he never 
discussed that concern with UCSD 
administrators. 

Midway through Saxon's 

Photographs, taken by a friend 
of UC San Diego public information 
director Paul West, bave begun to 
playa key role in bearings for the 
10 students charged with violations 
of University regulations Nov. 25. 

testimony the charged students 
stood and read a statement 
directed to Saxon: 

It had been reported by several 
administration sources that Saxon 
had called UCSD administrators 
twice after the incident, to find out 
circumstances surrounding the 
event. 

UC counsel Milton Gordon bas 
repeatedly shown photos tbat 
support, be says, UCSD's cbarges 
of obstructing UC President 
Saxon's path during bis winding 
walk across campus. 

" We can no longer tolerate your 
lies in support of a criminal 
organization and we will continue 
to struggle against CIA in-
tervention internationally, 
domestically and especially at the 
University of California." 

According to one source Saxon 
became so incensed after one of the 
calls that he hung up. 

But Thursday, students' attorney 
Peter Scbey _dcynlnatect the 
bearings with pIIotoI - taken by 

After the students read their 
statement, Deputy Vice-chancellor 
of Student Affairs Rick Whitehill 
declared the meeting an illegal 
assembly and ordered the ten 
students to leave. They were 
already walking toward the exits, 
llowever. 

Saxon was often vague about 
details of the incident. He could not 
identify any of the charged 
students or recall the date of the 
demonstration, and was hazy 
about details of the day. 

Attempts by the students' three 
Continued on 8 

Under the glare of Saxon scurries through a crowd of demonstrators to enter the 
State building for Friday arings. (TT photo : Bill Brooks) 

The Plight of the Native American 
by Tama Takahashi 

Staff Writer 
The US Bureau of Indian Affairs has historically 

treated Native Americans as second class citizens, 
according to two Indians employed by the federal 
government. 

Lee Padgett, a Choctaw from Oklahoma; and 
Rossalynd Hussong, a Kiowa, were featured 
speakers at the Fourth College Symposium on Race 
and Racism. A session dealing with Native 
Americans was held Wednesday evening at the 
Matthews cafeteria. 

Padgett and Hussong related their personal ex-
periences and fielded questions from the capacity 
audience after the film entitled "The Forgotten 
American. " 

Most Indian children are sent to special boarding 
schools run by the BIA, according to Padgett. They 
are often separated from their parents for up to 12 
years over distances as far as Alaska to Oklahoma. 

They are taught that white is good, Indian is bad 
and are punished, even beaten, for speaking theU: 
native tongues, says Padgett. 

Job are Scarce 
Padgett attended a boarding school in Oklahoma 

where the suicide rate was 24 percent and the 
alcoholism rate for children over 13 was 83 percent. 
Similar conditions prevail on reservations, where 
jobs are scarce and the average Income for a family 
is ,1500 • year. 

Padaett said that Native Americans are not 
subsidized by the govenunent; they receive no free 
benefits. Their land and funds which the govern-

ment owes them from previous land deals are 
handled by the BIA' a government agency. 

All services rendered to the Indians are paid for 
by their own funds, however the Indian cannot draw 
these funds nor lease or well his land without a 
proposal being passed through Congress, according 
to Padgett. 

Prior to 1948, Native Americans could not hold 
American citizenship nor vote in all states although 
they had fought for the US in both the first and 
second world wars. Conscientious objectors were 
incarcerated for their refusal to join the armed 
services because tribal religions were not 
recognized. 

At the time of Columbus's initial voyage to 
America, it was inhabited by an estimated twelve 
million Native Americans. According to the Bureau 
of Census, in 1858 the figure had dropped to twenty-
five thousand. 

Nut Vocal 
Today around twent}' thousand Indians live in San 

Diego; this county c 'mtains twenty-four re er-
vations, more than any other county in the nation. 
But the Indian are not vocal or well-publicized even 
though a strug 11> 1'1""1' . "" I. ,.~ !n"'''n ,," 
is current in California courts. 

Riverside and Escondido us water taken from 
indian land which legall the have no rlRi.t to, but 
Padgett says that the Indians will lose the SUit in 
court. 

The BIA and the judicial ystem have historically 
Continued on Pale 8 

- - - --_ .. - -. -----_ ... -----



"'el .rI ..... IB'8 

harged Students list Demands 
Last we., Vlee-cbaoceDor and 

DeaD of sludent Allain Gecqe 
Murpby of,ered the 10 studentl 
charged wltb violaU... 01 
Ualvenlt ,. regulatlou a com-
promJae I punJIIhmeld DO more 
severe tbaa probeU... U the 
studeldl would agree to end the 
hearings. 

The studeatl aaid In a press 
conferenee Wednesday that tbey 
would accept the compromJae if 
the 10DowiDe demands were met 
[Murpby later rejeeted tbe 
clelll8lldsJ : 

FoDowing three days of hearings 
concerning the Anti-CIA protest ol 
Nov. 21>, 1975, UCSD ad-
ministraton have approached 
individual defendants with the 
fonowing deal: In exchange for' 
waving the continued right of open 
and conective defense of the 
alleged charges, we, the defen-
dants, would face at most, ad-
ministrative probation and no 
charges would be brought against 
anyone concerning the democratic 
opening of the hearings of 300 
students on Feb. 25, 1976. We agree 
to accept this compromise on the 
condition that the Wliversity meet 
the fonowing demands: 

1. That the University of 
California act as a force of justice 
and enlightment. Specifically: 

a. Disclosure and severence of 
all UC ties with the CIA, 

b. Disclosure and severance of 
an war research and development 
done for the Department of 
Letters to the Editor 

Defense by the University of 
California, 

c. Disclosure and severance of 
all UC ties with aU lawen-
forcement agencies, 

d. University resources should 
be directed towards the complete 
defeat of Senate Bill 1. 

2. The University of California 
should be reorganized to reflect the 
interests of an people of California 
and not just the owners of national 
and multi-national corporations. 

a. The Regents should be 
reorganized to represent a cross. 
section of Californians, 
specifically low income people, 
minorities, senior citizens, youth, 
women and working people. The 
Regents' misuse of administrative 
power is illustrated by their 
representative Oavid Saxon saying 
"I abhor reprehensible activities of 
the CIA .. but abhor even more 
violence done to reasoned 
discussion at uam." 

b. UC investments should be 
terminated with an nations defined 
by the United Nations as practicing 
racist and/or repressive foreign or 
domestic policy, 

c. The Chicano Task Force 
recomendations for affirmative 
action should be implemented 
immediately. 

3. Full rights for workers and 
students in the UC system. 

a. Democratic decision making 
for the- policies and resources for 
the University of California which 

represent the needs and desirel of 
worken and student, 

b. The right to collective 
bargaining, 

c. End restrictions on union 
organizin&, 

d. End use of scab or boycotted 
products in UC facilities, i.e. let-
tuce, grapes, 

e. Immediate implementation ol 
the Graduate Student Union 
demands, 

f. The special needs of DiJabled 
students should be recognized and 
responded to, . 

g. Autonomy for the Student 
Cooperative in funding, resource 
aUocation, and decision making 
over student resources, 

h. Free speech for the entire 
campus at aU times. 

4. Freedom for political 
prisoners in the world, especially 
atUam. 

The above demands reflect our 
belief that the issue to be con-
fronted is the brutality of im-
perialism and the necessity for 
creating a just and democratic 
society, not the alleged infractions 
of campus regulations. 

In the event the above demand'! 
are not met, we emphatically 
reject the compromise offered by 
the UCSO administrators. Under 
these Circumstances, we would 
elect to continue the hearings in the 
hope that these hearings would 
now be conducted openly and in 
accordance with due process. 

Worth a Dog IT Sexism 
Since arriving at UCSD I have 

often had cause to wonder whether 
I am indeed enrolled at a 
Wliversity or at the La Jolla branch 
of the San Diego Zoo. I have not the 
slightest objection to people who 
own dogs; rather what I object to 
are those dog-owners who, whether 
from irresponsibility or from 
stupidity, inflict their pets upon 
me. 

How often have I seen some 
maniac let a huge German 
Shepherd off its lead, assuring 
startled passers-by, "Oh, Helmut 
wouldn't hurt any!", and indeed 
Helmut never does, until the day 
when Helmut decides to chew 
someone 's face off. 

These huge creatures leave, 
dotted about the campus, 
correspondingly huge conical piles 
of feces, into which students have 
occasionally been seen, screaming, 
to disappear. They provide, in 
addition, the gallons of urine with 
which trees, posts, pillars, and legs 
of students foolish enough to stand 
still for a moment, are regularly 
annointed. And yes, Virginia, there 
are rabies in the United States. 
That is why the leash laws were 
enacted. 

Please, will the Friends of 
Canines Brigade of UCSD leave 
their furry friends at home in the 
future, and neither bring them to 
class, nor allow them to roam loose 
about the campus. If these people 
continue to ignore regulations and 
commc n decency, pprhaps the 

biolog~ labs or Revelle cafeteria 
could take advantage of their 
lapses 

Rum WIENER 

No.1 
On behalf of all women on this 

campus, I would like to publicly 
state that your staff has received 
outstanding recognition for your 
consi stantly blatant sexist 
reporting that is reliably present in 
every issue. 

I would Like to congratulate all 
you boys on the Triton Times staff 
for your faithful dedication to the 
cause of male journalists 
everywhere. I would also like to let 
you know that your impotency to 
edit such sexist journalism from 
future issues shall result in a full-
scale investigation by the UCSD 
Communications Board and the 
Women's C-enter. 

BIG SISTER 

Editor Wanted 
The Triton Times Is now ac-

cepting applications for Arts 
Editor, effective Spring quarter 
1976. We want to broaden the scope 
of tbe department to Include many 
overlooked areas 01 mass culture 
and would Uke to blre .. Arb 
Editor with a similar pnt\ook. We 
prefel' to work wIth someoae who 
baa background In the Arts aDd 
lOme lamDlarity with br08~ 
spectrum criticism. Duties m-
elude coordinating a staff 01 
writers and reviewers iD addition 
to strenuous editing. Will train. 
Small salary. BeDDles. Apply In 
penon to Daniel Shawler or John 
Taylor at the Triton TImes office, 
117 Blake Hall, and attend a 
meeting next Wednesday at 3 pm. 

Johu IL Taylur 
Edt:or,in-Chlef 

Mark Woelber 
Managing editOl 

James G. Soto 
City editor ' 

Craig Uchida 
Opinron editor 

Mark Stadler 
News edltor 

Sara J. LoweD 
Community editor 

The Troton T,mes IS recognIZed by the CommuniCAtions Board 01 UCSO as Ihe Official 
student newspaper PubliC tlon is on Mondays. WedneSdays artd Frodays during the 
r!\lular acnool year (e~cept on olloclal holodays) Ed'tonaf and buSiness ofloces are 
located In 117 Blake Hall on the Revetle College campus . Unlvers,ty 01 California. San 
Ooego 

leiters to the Ed,tor and op,n,on cofumns are welcomed . All submissions should De 
typed on a 74·"pace 1".8 on nonera ble paper They should not eMceed Ihree pagos In 
length double spaced The Troton Times reserves the roght 10 ed,t submiSSions because 
01 space hmitatlons or style requor ments 

For edltonal call .s2-3466 , lor tluSlness and display advertlsemenls. call 452·3468 
Enlor contGnI5COPyroght 197 . Inton Tim s 

No.2 
The following letter is a response to 
Scott SadD's colwnD, "Offensive" 
[TI, Marcb3l: 

It may be true that men's and 
women's basketball differs. It is 
certainly true that JOUr reporting 
of such differs markedly. 

If you find that you cannot report 
on women's sports without 
dragging your reader through your 
personal morass of sexism, ad-
miration and soul-searching, 
please allow another reporter to 
cover those events. 

As for figure-skati ng as a 
" female" sport, you obviously did 
not observe England's gold-
medalist in this year's Winter 
Olympics. But then the sex appeal 
of a sport's figure is all a matter of 
point of view, isn't it? 

KlRSTIE BELLMAN 
Psychology Department 

Learning? 
The quality of education at UCSD 

has been given the name of high. 
UCSD is striving for academic 
excellence and the almighty 
"prestige" for which universities 
are known. 

However, this attachment to 
prestige sometimes defeats the 
purpose of academic excenence. 
One instance is the undergraduate 
chemistry lab. The problems 
assigned in it are 80 difficult that 
not even the T As can do them. The 
professor says she does not want to 
water the course down to the point 
that it doesn't mean anything. ThIs 
is understandable. 

But what about learning? Isn't 
that why we are here? What good 
is it to take a "challenging," 
"prestigious," " meaningful" class 
when you don't learn anything? 

The grading of this lab is pretty 
ridiculous too; results seem closer 
to luck than to truthful answers. 
(However, this is still open to 
debatc, as no better system has 
been developed.) 

There must be some way to 
combine chalIenge and excenence 
into a meaningful learning ex-
perience. Can s uch a 
" prestigjous" university be so 
blundered up In It's ego trip that it 
can do nothing about the gross 
inconsistencies in its teachIng 
m thod? 

FERNANDO ROTII 

...... y.lI8re .. "1171 

PoIIIig; James G. Sgtp 
Bay State Surprise 

It Ibould not have come as a surprise. After aU, I had been warned-
one of our staff writers told me that Henry Jackson would win the 
MusacbUleUl primary. but I didn't lis&en. 

Lut Tuelda, evenln& I sat on the Door with a dwnbfounded look that 
dld not come from one too many cocktails, but from tboIIe amazing 
primary results from Massacbu8etta. 

In the Bay State, olan placee, WuIaiJICtOIllert. Henry Jacbon won a 
ttgltly contested primary apinIt a football .... of well-heeled 
Democrats In theflnt major showdown of campap '71. 

Jackson can attribute bia succeu to two facton: a weJl.nln ~ 
and a general shift of the voters' mood:.. ~ l.: < ~ . , 

AccorcIing to our own eyewttae. in DCIRCII1, Jac:Uon raa.. . celJent 
media campalan that got the nlGIt far ita dollar. In .td1tIGa tAt. well-
financed eItort, Scoop put to .... a labor codtloa that ........ 1Ied bia 
contributlona as a SeDator to bluecollar movemeat. 

In a state with as many labor voten u Maauca.etts, bia labor supo 
port proved to be CI'1Iclal. JUIt yesterdaJ, It was annoanced that yet 
another labor ~ came out In suppcIIt fI. JacUon (die Sbeetmetal 
Worken) bringing the total of unionI to D. Otber labor Jeedera,lUCh as 
George Meany, have not CGIDe out far JadaIon but haw lndIcMed they 
will not be disappointed if be pta the DOmlnatlGft. 

Every baportul.... --
Both Jackaon'. Issue stands and character were apparently seen by 

voten as appropriale for a pnaide •• AccordIng to a CBS-New York 
TImes pon, conducted OIl tile day of tile election, Jacbon placed at leut 
second U not first in almost every Importa. area-from foreign affairs to 
energy, from honesty to electibUity. At least in Musac:huletts 
Democrats have found 8 man they can wllte behind. ' 

1be other factor evident in Tuesaay's voting was the shift in the voters' 
mood. Massachusetts has been regarded by many as the most liberal 
state in the nation. It was the only state that did not vote for Richard 
Nixon in 1972. In the 1972 primary, Jackson got two percent oftbe vote. 

This year he got nearly a quarter of the vote. If one totals up the votes of 
Jimmy Carter, George ' Wallace, Ellen McCormick and Jackson the 
moderate and conservative spectrum of the field roned up 58 perc~t of 
the vote. It could be an omen ttat the Democrats should consider. 

Jackson wound up with only 23 percent of the v~, but that was enough 
to easily outdistance Morris Udall and George Wallaee, wbo struggled 
with each o~r for second place. Udall finally edged Wallace early 
Wednesday moming, but for aD practical purposes they tied for second 
place. The alleged frontrunner, Jimmy Carter, wound up with only 14 
percent ol the vote. Consequently, the rude donkeys who have been 
)llasting the peanut cultivator have joined together in an awkward chorUs 
claiming that the fonner Georgia governor has lost crucial momentwn. 

Poor Showing 
The also rans included Fred Harris with elght percent, Sargent Shriver 

with seven percent, Indiana Sen. Birch Bayh with five percent, Enen 
McConnick, the Right-to-Life candidate with four percent-and her first 
convention delegate-and PelUlSylvania Gov. Milton Schapp with three 
percent. 

The extremely poor showing by Bayh, coupled by his mediocre third 
place finish in New Hampshire the week before, led Bayb to "suspend" 
his campaign. Bayh will not completely withdraw from tbe race because 
he can still draw federal money- necessaty because his campaign is 
nearly $100,000 in debt. 

Shriver, in what has to be one of the most absurd post-election speeches 
ever, jubilantly praised the voters of Massachusetts for not voting for 
George Wallace. However, his good spirits did nothing to obscure the 
glaring reality that Bay State voters voted for Shriver even less than they 
voted for Wallace. Despite the poor showing in a state where he might be 
expected to do well because of his family COMectiOns (as a member of the 
Kennedy clan) and his failure to win the Vennont primary where he 
claimed he would triumph and spent a great deal of money In a race 
where there were no delegates selected Shriver Insists that he is a can-
didate. 

He was last seen in his home town of Chicago, where he hopes to drum 
up some support for his sagging campaign. Sluiver's uhimate pipe 
dream is to gain a victory in the Dlinois primary. 

They don't call Chicago the Windy City for nothing. 
As for Harris and Schaw-well, Milton Schapp is a nice guy and hopes 

Continued on Page 7 
----

• J 

M ... y, ........ 11'71 

.. 
.. 
o 
o 
.0 
en 
o 
"0 
E: 
Q. 
... 

... 

Pholos {lOp 10 bottom}: 
I . Anli-CIA rllUyllJ Revelle. 
1. Nifckormllt SRT-801 wilh 
55mm, f/1.8 super-multi-
coated-Iruanon lens. And 
prople. 
J. Demonstration coor-
diffQtors In white fUmlNutds. 
4. One 0/ JO campus cops in 
IItlendllnc, tltl'lllly. 
5. David S. Saxon _Icome 
"'alon lit CIIIi/ornill Stille 
Buildinf In downtown San 
Di"o. 
TT photos: NIIIIuIn Meyers 

-Po 
tbe Muir College 
Councn. Petitio.. are 
avaBable at the Muir 
CoDege Dean's office, 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phooe _LIFE 24 hn 

Free coun$eling, study ~ I 
and speakers 

_.LOCo1I_ 
t.", .. I en ... ,. 
............. -

TlIS IS ~ PROGRNtM: 
ONE YEAR..! 

... 

Ready and 
Waiting 
for Saxon 

THE AMERICAN 
TRIBAL LOVE-ROCK 

MUSICAL 
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK CITY 

BOOK & LYRICS: GEROME R .... GNi 
J .... MES RAOO 

MUSIC: G .... L T MAC DERMONT 

FUll ORCHESTRA' CHORUS 
SPECIAL 

LI&HTIN6 EFFECTS 

UNDERGRADUATES NEEDED AS 
MATHEMATICS GRADERS ($3.36 per hour) 

Qualifications. 

Page 3 

3 .0 GPA; good grades in M ath 2A, B , C , D, E. 
To apply. 

Leave a note in the office opposite the elevator o n the 
7th floor o f the AP&M building . The note should 
contain your name, adress, phone. number, overall 
GPA; . math courses you have taken with the grades you 
received . and a list of those courses for which you 
woul<;l like to grade papers . 

Graders will be contacted early next quarter. 
Students who have graded before must 

apply again at tlis time. 

VW tune-up and valve ~djustment 
SI5 plus' parts open 7 daya__ - -::...--
a week . .I~(") 
from7 :00 'am - 6 :00 ' / \ • 
call 216-2900 
for appoIntment ~ 

Bosch plugs. 75 cents each - Valvollne oif 50 cents qt. S;~ 'Dlego's 
only sla te licensed service specializing on VW maintenance that 
woos e.cluslvely at your home. schoof or office All work preciSion 
quara~teed or double your money back ,I you are not completely 
satfsfred. Work performed by world'S Iriendliest mechanICS. 

-=_?-' .~;'\ 

exhibition and sale 
of fine art prints 

featuring the works of Picasso, 
Dali , Escher, Van Gogh, Monet , 
Gauguin, Renoir, Vermeer, 
Bosch , Breughel , Chagall , Mira, 
Homer, Wyeth , many more ! 

Only $2.50 ea. or three for $6.50 
9am-5pm 
March 8-12 
Revelle Ql Iad 

'ne .. o c.\; CI S.or ·e'l 
uIKj tre 10 10110 
I..t l 'TIDer o'che~tr 

present 

THE YALE 
CHAMBER 
PLAYERS 
in concert 

tuesday, march 9, 8 pm 
sherwood hall, I. j. museum 
of contemporary art 
st. $2.00, g.a. $5.00 
tickets: ucsd box office, 
& the turntable in la jolla 
~i=nf=o=rm=a=tl=o=n .=4=59=~=83=0=3====~ 

,-
- - - - --- -- --. -------- ~.,. . 



T' o • • 3/8-3/14 · 
Beginning with next week's WHA T'S ON, the deodline for all material will 

be noon Thursday at the student ~nter in/ormation desk. Pleose do not bring 
announcements to the Triton Times office -- it'll just gum up the works. friday 

monday 
8 am - Meeting. Yoga, Wrestling Room. 
12 noon - Rally. Rally at Revelle Plaza with special speaker Inez Garcia talking about 

rape, sponsored by the Women's Center. 
12 noon - Meetlog. Noon Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
1 pm - Meeting. Activities Staff, student Organizations. 
4 pm - Seminar. "Prediction Error Methods for the Identification of Non-Linear and 

Controlled System Models", sponsored by Ames, System Sciences, 7104 Urey Hall. 
4 pm - Meeting. Table Tennis, Rec. Con. Room. 
4 pm - Meetlog. General Meeting, UCSD students for Tom Hayden, Game Room Con-

ference Room. 
4:30 pm - Sports. Women's Basketball vs. Point Loma, San Diego. 
4:30 pm - Meeting. Gymnastics, Sou th Balcony. 
S pm - Meeting. "Mujer", invites all Chicanas and Latinas to attend their business 

meetings, Third World Studies Lounge Matthews Campus. 
6 pm - Meetlnc. Belly Dance Club, West Balcony. 
7 pm - Marathon. Science Fiction Film Marathon, "When Worlds Collide", " Fantastic 

Voyage", "War of the Worlds", "Flash Gordon" and " Buck Rodgers Serials" sponsored by 
UCSD Science Fiction and Fantasy Society, $1 at the door, Mandeville Aud. 

7:30 pm - Film /DIscussion. ASIAN AMERICANS. After a film collage depicting the 
history of Asian American assimilation and oppression in the United Students, members of 
the UCSD Asian American Student Alliance will discuss such issues as Asian-American 
stereotypes, the oppression of Asian-American women and men, and personal experiences 
of growing up in America. Audience participation is encouraged. Fourth College Cafeteria. 

6 pm - Meeting. Folklorica, Rec. Con. Room. . 
7 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Outing Club, Fourth College Rec . Room. 
7: 45 - Meeting. Aikido, Wrestling Room. 
8 pm - Meeting. Fourth College program Board, Fourth College Rec. Room. 
8 pm - Concert. Young Artist Opera Theatre, "Homage a Ravel" Free! Mandeville 

Recital Hall. 
9 pm - Film sponsored by the Monday Nite Fibns, Danny Kaye in the "Court Jester." 5 & 

Dime, Lower Muir Commons. FREE. 
ANNOUNCEMENT: Students interested in applying for positions as Peer Advisors in the 

Fourth College Residence Halls should pick up a referral slip at Student Employment, 210 
MC. Application deadline is March 29th at 4:30 p .m. For more information contact Paula 
Hui or Marty Conoley at 452-4581. 

8 pm - Meeting. Israeli Dance, Rec. Con. Room. 

8 am - Meeting. Yoga, Wrestling Room. 
tuesday 

11 am - Seminar. "The Use of Lasers In Art Restoration," topic of the Optical Sinal 
Processing Seminar, B301 AP&M. 

12 noon - Meeting. Last meeting of the quarter of the Muir Program Board. Muir 
Activities Office. 

12 noon - Meeting. Noon Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12 noon - Meeting. Mujer, political discussion, all Chicanas and Latinas welcome, Third 

World Studies Lounge, Matthews Campus. 
2:30 pm - Seminar. "Determination of Landau Spin Prameters via TESR in Metals 

Without Resolved Spin Waves" , Mr. Larry Flesner, HSS 1106. 
4 pm - Sports. Women's Tennis, Muir Courts. 
4: 30 pm - Meeting. Gymnastics, South Balcony. 
6 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Outing Club, Fourth College Rec. Room. 
6 pm - Meeting. BSU, Student Organizations. 
7 pm - Meeting. Gay Student Assoc., Game Room Conference Room. 
7 pm - Marathon. Science Fiction Film Marathon, "Evil Brain From Outer Space", "I 

Am The Stars" " X-From Outer Space", "Buck Rodgers Serials" and "Flash Gordon 
Serials" Sponsored by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Society , USB 2722. 

7 pm - Workshop. Dance Workshop, North Balcony. 
7: 3~ pm - Meeting. Folk Dance, Rec. Con. Room. 
7:3) tm - Lecture. " India Today", Dr. Subiramanium Swami member of the Opposition 

Part:, efreshments served International Center Lounge . 
7::'.::1 , m - Movie. " Incredible Bread Machine" and "A Documentary On The Life Of 

Adam Smith", Capitalism's Bicentennial Celebration, Sponsored by the Young Con-
serve.tives, USB 2622. 

7:3lijlll-Meeting. AI)lha Omega Alliance, come learn the science of Mantra Yoga. 
7:'-0 jm - Lecture. AFR~ RIf' NS, Robert F. Williams Speaks ruB MInd. Formerly 

the rr~ident of the Union County, North Carolina, NAACP, Williams was instrumental in 
orga., [jing many of the struggles of Monroe City Blacks against segreated public facUities. 
Ofte..] .JOse struggles involved self-defense actions by Blacks against anned attacks by the 
Ku Kldx Klan and other racists. 

Cu~inatiog a rash of such attacks in late August 1961, Williams and four others were 
pinn~d With kidnapping charges. He was later acquitted of these charges in 1975. Outspoken 
and controversial, Robert F . Williams has a national reputation as a speaker. (~ 
sponsored by Student Coalition Against Racism) Fourth College Cafeteria. 

8 pm - Concert. Young Artists Opera Theatre, " Hommage a Ravel", Mandeville Recital 
Hall, Free ! 

wednesda 

8am-MeeUa,. Yoga, Wrestling Room. 
9 am - Meeting. Interns, Student Organizations. 
12 noon - Coacert. Noon Concert, Curtis Fargo, Student Center. 
12 :05 pm - Lecture. Dr. Paul Baumann Dept. of Bacteriology U.C. Davis, 307 Vaughn 

- Lecture. "The Extraction of Physiological Data From Flouroscopic Images", 
'rnf,eSS4)r N.A. Bailey B248 BSB Matthews Campus. 
2·3 pm - Worksbop. Fundamentals of Resume Writing, a how-to-do-it workshop on 

fundamentals. Sig~ups necessary. Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC, rm 15. 
· 4 pm. Workshop. Resume Critique will evaluate and critique the resume you bring. 

required. Career Planning It Placement, 412 MC, nn 15. 
3 pm - Sports. Baseball vs. U.C. Riverside, Diamond. 

8 am - Meeting. Yoga, Wrestling Room. 3 pm - ADJIOUDcemeat. Muir Senior Questionaires are due. Please turn them into Muir 
12 noon - Meeting. Noon Conditioning, Wrestling Room. Office, box in Cluster Library or box in Central Library. 
1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting; Lounge Conference Room student Center. 3 pm _ Sports. Women's Tennis vs. U.S.!. U., Muir Courts. 
2 pm - Meeting. Women's Swap Meet, informal get-together and idea exchange also at 1 4 pm - Marathon. Science Fiction Film Marathon, "The Wizard of Mars", "Robinson 

pm at the Women's Center. . :r1L'lOle on Mars" and "Flash Gordon Serials", sponsored by The Science Fiction and 
2 pm - Meeting. Interpersonal Relations Group, 302 MC East Wing. __ ', nt< .. ,,, Society, HSS 1330. 
3 pm - Worksbop. Body Movement and Relaxation Workshop, Workshop to explore 4:30pm-Meeting.Gymnastics, South Balcony Main Gym. 

feelings and relating through the body, North Conference Room Student Center. Loosen up 4: 30 pm - Sports. Women's Basketball vs. Palomar, Main Gym. 
before finals, everyone welcome. 7 pm - Meeting. Campus Crusade for Christ, Winzer Commons, Med. School. 

3 pm - Meeting. Disabled student Union Meeting, Disabled Student Center. 7 pm - Meeting. Folk Dance, Rec. Con. Room. 
3 pm - Meeting. R.C.C.A., Revelle Provost Office. 7:30 pm- FUms. "Steelyard Blues" and "Tom Jones", $1, USB 2722. 
4 pm - Poetry. Shirley Ann Williams will read at the Revelle Formal Lounge. 8 pm - Music. Chamber Music and performance class, Mandeville Recital Hall. 
4 pm - Sports. Men's Tennis vs. SDSU, Muir Courts. 8 pm - Sports. Men's Volleyball vs. C.S. Northridge, Main Gym. 
4 pm - Meeting. Revelle Residence Hall Board Meeting, Blake Conference Room. 8:30 pm - Concert. Lewis Michaelson and Mark Shepard will take you on a roller coaster 
4 pm - Meeting. Table Tennis, Rec. Con. Room. , Free, The Side Door, Revelle. 
4:30 pm - Meeting. Gymnastics, South Balcony Main Gym. 
6 pm - Meeting. Jazz Dance Class, West Balcony Main Gym. 
6 pm - Meeting. Black Tong Society, North Balcony Main Gym. 
6 pm - Meeting. The Triton Wargaming Society, 902 Tioga. 
6: 30 pm - Class. Class in American Sign Language, Open to all members of the University 

Community as well as interested persons, Disabled Students Center. 
7 pm - Marathon. Science Fiction film Marathon, "Mission Stardust", "The Monitors" 

"Moon Pilot", "Buck Rodgers Serial" and "Flash Gordon Serials", sponsored by 
Science Fiction and Fantasy Society, $1 at the door, CR-107 Third College. 

7:30 pm - MeeUag. Chinese Christian Fellowship Bible Study, Blake Hall r.nn,fpr,·n,.. , 
Room. 

7: 30 pm - Meeting. Trident Christian Fellowship, Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7: 30 pm - Meeting. Dance Workshop, North Balcony Main Gym. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. E.A.B., last meeting of the quarter, everyone welcome to join 

planning the fun and service for next quarter, 4th floor Blake Lounge. 
7:30 pm - Dance. Informal Dance Concert, sponsored by The uao Dance Class, 

Balcony Main Gym. 
7:30 pm - Symposium. Symposium on Health: Stress and Disease, 

Administration Hospital. 
8 pm - Meeting. Information Meeting for Peer Advisor Applicants Fourth College 

Room. 
8 pm - Meeting. Old Time Country Dancing, Everyone invited, Rec. Gym ('nrlferenCli 

Room. 

thursda 
8 am - Meeting. Yoga, Wrestling Room. 
12 noon - Meeting. Noon Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
12 noon - Meeting. Steering Committee, Student Organizations. 
12 noon - Seminar. Joe Julian, composer, Mandeville Aud. 
1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room student Center. 
3 pm - Meeting. Aikido, Rec. Gym Room. 
4:15 pm - Lecture. "G. I. Taylor: The Man and His Work", Professor George Baltcblelol'G 

Cambridge University , IG PP Conference Room Scripps Institution of ()c.!anclIgl'lllphy. 
4:30 pm - MeeUag. AFSCME Organizational Committee Meeting, Room 111B Chlm~~llOil 

Complex MC. 
4:30 pm - Meeting. Gymnastics, South Balcony Main Gym. 
S pm - Meeting. Sports Car Club, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
S:30 pm - Meeting. Yoga, Adaptive Room. 
6 pm - Meeting. Abbey of Leng, Student Center Game Room Conference Room. 
6 pm - Meeting. Student Fees Programs, Student Organizations. 
6 pm - Meeting. Muir Outing Club, Apm 2402. 
7 pm - Meeting. Fencing Club, West Balcony Main Gym. 
7 pm - Entertainment. Belly Dance Club Presents "Harem Night", International 
7 pm - Marathon. Science Fiction Film Marathon, "Plan 9 From Outer Space", 

on the Prowl", "Riders to the Stars", "The Space Explorers" and "Flash Gordon Se 
sponsored by The Science Fiction and Fantasy Society, USB 2722. 

8 pm - Concert. Young Artist Opera Theatre, "Hommage a Rave}" Mandeville 
HaU. 

8:30 pm - Entertainment. Mark Wenzel, world famous Mime, The Side Door. 

by; Nikolaus M Szev ... "yl 

saturday 
12 noon- Sports. Women's Rugby vs. U.C.L.A., Muir Field 
12: 30 pm - Race. Third Annual UCSD Trike Race, Muir College Quad. 
1 pm - Sports, Men's Tennis vs. C.S. Northridge, Muir Courts. 

2pm-RugbyI, II vs. Loyola I, II, MuirField. 
7 pm - Games. Games Night, take time off and bring your Backgammon, Chess, etc., Call 

EDNA {or location. 
7:30 pm - Movie. "Going Places", $1, Mandeville Aud. 
8 pm - Concert. Timor Et Tremor UCSD Concert Choir and Chamber Singers will perform 

works by Bach, Poulenc, Orff, and Victoria, Mandeville Recital Hall. 

sunday 
10 am - Worship. Lutheran, University·Community Church. 
10:30 am - Mass. North Conference Room Student Center. 
12 noon - Worship. Episcopal, University-Community Church. 
1 pm - Sports. Soccer Club, Matthews Field. 
1 pm - Marathc)D. Science Fiction Film Marathon, "The Time Machine", " Dimension 5", 

and "Flash Gordon Serial" Sponsored by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Society, USB 
2722. 

5 pm - Worship . Catholic, University·Community Church. 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridge. Bridge Club, Revelle North Dining Hall. 
7 pm - Marathon. Science Fiction Film Marathon, " illustrated Man", " Barbarella", 

"The Power" and "Flash Gordon Serials", Sponsored by the Science Fiction Fantasy 
Society, USB 2722. 



..... 
...... " Huell .. 1176 

RiYON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
fOR SAlE 

For sale queen box & mattress 535, Gr~ 
yelvet couch 520. Lisa 436-t624 call pm must 
sell by Mar. tl . (3/10) 

Chicago , Lydyrd Skynyrd concerts! Choice 
lIoor seats-rows 1 to t6 27().7855. (3110) 

For sate 65 VW sqbck. Reblt eng ext shape. 
Catt 4~ 677713/1 0) 

Skis Stratos w bind 5SO. Surfboard and 
wetsuil 565 Stefan 453-0890. 13/12) 

Gibson.SG excellent condition super-fine 
neck reasonable 756-1403, Lance. (316) 

O'Ne,1I wet suit top . E • . cond, 515. Call Brad 
481-9832. (3/6) 

Hors ... Buckskln mare very genlle well trained 
extent disposition (3110) 

3-adutt tickets savings on Airline tickets to 
Lake Tat1oe-open date 291-4316 (day) 291-
1552 (night) (3/1 0) 
Turntable for sale BSR McDonald 510 a. wI 
ADC cart . Exlnl. Cond . 550. 453-86~ - Rick 
(3/12) 
Stereo: Harmon-Kardon 330A. two IS inch 3 
way speakers excnt condo S200 Paul 755-3605 
(3/8) 
1960 Ford PU new clulch. shocks. tires . 
slarter. radiator. runs great. best over 5450. 
452-8972 (318) 
74 Honda CL200 excellent condition 70 mpg 
extras 5650~7419 (3110) 

Fairing for Honda 350 540. 452-8972 (3/ 6) 

1970 Honda 450 New electrical system . 
engine recently rebuilt. Good dNlI! 5575. 
Call Ed at 753-5724 (3/5) 

ItOlJsiNG 
F rmmte wanled . Own rm . Det Mar house brk 
frplc . 1 blk from bch nonsmkr. $90 mo. call 
755-4967 . (31 8) 

F roommate needed own room in 2-bedroom 
apt in north PB now 1 block from beach 5~2 
Miss,on aft. 6 pm (31 8) 

Roommate-own roo m Genesee Higtilands 2 
m, to UCSD $87 50. Ava ilable NOW 453·9377 . 
(318) 

Frmte wanted own rm Del Mlar house 1 blk 
from bch . Brk Frplc. coast crul .. r rt . Non 

smkr. S90 mo. 75~4967 . (3/10) 

2 apls 1 br each foreplaces . Nrocean ctr o f La 
Jolla. Mckusick & assoc: Ms Clews 454-88<46. 

454·41~ . (3110) 

4 UCSD students seek Info on house near 
beach for schoOl yr76 /77 . Will pay linder rwd 
if we sign lease. Call 453-6786 or 452-9571 . 
(3/10) 

Rmmate wtd . own rm in fine , older hse in 
Sol. Bch . 582 .50 Imo ayail . t III June 15. Call--
Ed 452-2461 orD8Ie481-8290 . (3/8) 
Roommate to share 2 bedroom, 1 balh sam i-
furnished townhouse, overtooklng Wind an 
Sea Beach 5175/mo. fireplace , private 
garden , laundry facilities , no pelS call Vicki 
454-6962 eves. wkends (318) 

For rent-playmor , La JOlla- 3 bedroom , 1 "" 
bathS townhouse. Stove , refrigerator, 
disposal. dishwasher, private patio-some 
furniture 454-1449. (3/10) 

Non smoking people to share room in Del 
Mar lor spring quarter. No pets . Duplex on 
Cst near Cst Cru,ser. Call 755-2542. (3/B) 

For ren t single room In Del Mar house 343 9th 
Street or755~95 (3/10) - -

Own room in house for rent 568. 75lnnonth. 
Clalfemont. Available 4/1/76. 272-9932 Best 
alter 5 (3/ 12) 

Female roommate wanted PB collage 3 blks 
Irom ocean own room furnished $100 & V, 
util. call 488-0237 morn /eye (3/8) 

F roommate needed spr qtr $88 mo bAautiful 
Del Mar apt '/' blk beach on coast cruiser 
route 755-7238 ;3/8) 

WANTEd 
Nood extra cash? Buying old U.S. coins. Also 
bUYing U.S. sliver Cains minted before 1965. 
Ken . 453-7924 .(31 t2) 
Models wanted for life drawing class - male 
of female . Students welcome if ser'ous . Bill 
436-0709 (3/8) 

Need electllc typewnter. Can pay S4Q.ma~ . 
Call 459-9027 (3/10) 

YIIU ( .in do H . tuu Su f.ll' alnU):.·l LOOn,Ooo pt'op lt' ha\'(' dont' It. 
P .. opll' \I h" h,o\(' dll'li'l'l'nl Joll-. dllll'I'l'nt 111, . d,nt'n'nt Inten·.t. , 
d,ITerent education" han' completed the cour~e Our graduates are 

peopl~ from a)) wa lk. or lifc. The"~ peopl e ha\'e till taken a course 
developed h.\· E \'el.l' n Wood . II promin .. nt educator . Practica lly 1111 of 
them allea"t ll'i plt,d thl'ir readin~ "p('~d wi th equal or beller com· 
prehension . :'.I,,"t ha\·t· Increased ,t even more. 

Th ink I'DI' II mllml'nt what that mean • . All or them-~ven the 
s)owe.l-now reud un avernKe novel in )e .. thun two hour". They 
read nn entin' i •• ue of Ti m~ or :-Iew"week in 35 minutes. They don't 
sk ip orsk i m . Thl'Y read <'very word . They Use no machlnes. lnst('ud . 

the~ )et thco muteriul they're readlnl{ determine how fust they reud. 

Good sax piaye< wanted f01 working funk-
rock band. Should have barilone and tenor. 
756-1430 Lance (3/8) 

Part tome job spr qtr. Reader for clinical 
psych course adv degree & upr. Dr. Gerst 
453-7500 X3451 (3/1 0) 

UNIVERSITY LIBRARIAN 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA . SAN DIEGO. 
UniverSity Librarian . Responsibilities: 
OYerail administration of the campus library 
syslem including Ihe .Central University 
Library . the undergraduate library , the 
Scripps Ins"tution of Oceanography Library 
and the Biomedical Library. The Library's 
COllections include 1 ,150.000 volumes; the 
staff numbers 250. The University Librarian 
represents UCSD in universltywlde . regional . 
and national planning and development ; and 
is a member 01 the Academic Senate. the 
Chancellor's Council. and the universitywide 
Library Council . Qualifications: Graduate 
professional degree in I,brary science or Its 
equlv<!len t : scholarly achievement ; 
acquainlance With current issues In higher 
education and the changing rOle of research 
libraries: successful adminislrative ex-
perience in un iversity libraries , including 
automation . staff deyelopment and employee 
relations : familiarity with the pl'Oblems of 
collectIOn deYelopment , information services 
and bibliographic control in academic 
libraries . Appointment wi ll begin September 
t 976 or as soon therealter as praclicable. 
Salary open . Appl icatlons and nominations 
are reques ted by May t and shoutd be sent to 
Professor Andrew Wright . Chairman, Search 
Committee. cI a C. J. Finney. Academic 
Affairs (T1')--O-OOI. University of California 
LaJolla, Cali fornia 92093. 

UCSD is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmat ive 
Action Employer. Women & minorities are 
encouraged to apply (3110) 

• SERVICES 
STEREO REPAIR . Stuclent with professiona l 
training and experience in stereo repair, 
offers greatly reduced rates to those on 

,student budgets. Repairs made on all makes 
and models, amps. preemps, receivers. 
tuners , tapes, and tables. Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE . Call im-
medi3tely for Iree estimate and or problem 
consultation . Call 291-5927 . (3/12) 

II you want to take privale lessons in French 
or Spanish from a language professor, call 
234-0391 X20S. Alc icle Tremblay No. 205, 
t ~?3 5th Avenue. San Diago Ca. 921 01 (3 112) 

Typist-IBM term paper. thesis . dl_allon, 
etc. editing, rush jobs. xerox 580-8171 , «52-
1588. (3/12) 

BiolChem cliniC wllf be open the weel\end 
before finals weeIo : Sat Mar 13 Ihrough Man 
Marl!t12 pm - 4 pm (3/12) 

Bring your last-minute Biology or Chemistry 
questions to the BiolChem clinic! (3/12) 
Massage workshops: Jin Shin . Swedish 
Esalen-march 13. SIS. Reflexology, Sh,alsu. 
polarity - March 14 St5. National center for 
the exploration 01 human potential 272-7330 
Of 436-1335. (311 0) 

Pyramid energy ie FREE!! 12" t06'pyramids, 
kits and books available at Pyramid Arts 8tO 
hwy . l0l Leucadia; 436-1057. (3/10) 

TRAVEL 
EUROPE. ISRAEL . Orienl. N.Y. TGC Low 
co.t flighls, 1436 S. La Clanega 81 . LA 
90035.(714)735-9618 or (213)652-2727 .(3/12) 

instant telephone confirmations on alf 
roundtrip chanars and tours to Europe 
(5339) . HawaII (5t69) , New York ($169), 
Orient (5437). Mexico ($1991 and the Middle 
East . Oneways available. Plus new. In-
dependent experimental tours . For 24 hour 
information Ireseryatlons call collect 
West coast stuclent travel counsel AVCO 
Center suite 790. 10850 Wilsh ire Blvd. LA 
90024 . (2t 3)475-6865. Book no later than 65 
days before departure.(3/12) 
-CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. Save up to 
50 percent April - Oct. 2. 3, 4, 5, 6, wk filtes 
weekly. PLUS 7-24 week flights of len . BUT, 
limited space on long & summer fl ights . 
Phone your San Diego headquarters lor 
charters since 1961 , no lo_r prices with 
salety (trust ~counts . ) We are yo ... 
professional charter and travel experts. 
Phone 291-8141 . ~5 pm. Draper World Travel 
(3/12) 
Ski where the snow is. Crested Butte Colo . 
Spring ijreak with the Ski Club $t49. Tickets 
Student Center box office. 
E UROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY. CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEK-
DAYS 12-4pm. 452-0830 .(3/12) 
EUROPE. ISRAEL - Student flights year 
round. ISCA . 11687 San Vicente Blvd., .4, 
LA. CA 90049. (213)826-5669 or 826-
0955.(3112) 

It Sounds 
Incredible 

BUT EVELYN WOOD GRADUATES CAN READ 

JAWS IN 41 MINUTES 

At Thlt Speed, TIle 309 PlgII Come Acrou 
With More Implct TItIn TIle Movie. 

In Living Blood, You Might SlY. 

And mark this well : they actually undentand more, remember 
more. and enjoy more than when they read .Iowly. That'. ri,ht! 
They under.tand more. They remember marl. They anjoy more, 
You can do the Marne thinll-the place ta learn more about it II at a 
rr~t' ~peed rell<linlC )eOlllOn , 

Thi. i"the"u me courM. President K.nnedy hael hi. Joint Chl.f.of 
Sturr tnke. Thc Mame one Senator. and Cclnar-m.n have tak.n, 

('unw l it 1\ frl't' Spetod HI.'lIdlnlC 1.c"MOn and find Ollt , It iM rrt't' to 
ynu lind YOII wllll"nvl' with II hl!tI~r uneltnttunellnll of why It work" . 
I'lun to uttcnd .. fro't, Spt'cd HI""din~ IA'"",,n and 1~8rn thllt It iM 
p"".ible to reud 3·4·1\ tim" r,",to'r. with bt.oUer l~,mprt!h~nMltln , 

~~-~-_..-SCHEDULE OF FREE SPEED READING·LESSONS--~_, 
You'll Inerease your reading spHd 

50 to 100% on the spot! 
TODAY AND TOMORROW 

4pmorSpm 
MISSION VALLEY 

Mw;ter Hosts Inn 
950 Hotel Circle 

LA JOLLA 
La Jolla Inn 

1-5 at La Jolla Village J.)r, 
,,-----EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS -------' 

lOST • fOUNd 
LOST - Distraught student 10.1 HP21 
calculator (identifiable by missing light in 
Ihird digit) NO quesllona. Call Wendy 7~ 
2191 (318) 
LOST - 511_ 8utCl'la watch &enllmenla l 
value please turn in to Triton Times Or cell 
453-9585. (3/81 

Adrienne Vanveen - you left sorn.lthlng at 
Wed. n,te sign class. Identify it and Its yours 
TT all . (3/5) 

FOUND: Robert D. Rowe's checkbOOk may 
be picked up in n office (3/8) 

LOST-2 silver rings In NC 409. 1 'urq . I tiger's 
eye gr .... t sentimental value reward return 10 
n office (3/81 

LOST Bundy clarinet . LOal 2118 in HSs or 
Revelle Cafeteria. Ca"462-011&1"sk for Hans 
Landel. (3/B) 

LOST-A brown wallet on morning of 3-4 
between Mlatthews & Mesa apts . I need the 
cards. Call 462-8915 . 13181 

Anna Cabellero your 10'. •• .. C8lT1pus 
police sta. after 3/5. (3/8) 

LOST Raggy Andy doll . Lost last Friday. II 
you find it please relurn to T. Times. Has 
Glem B. White on shirt . Has sentimental 
Yalue. (318) 
LOST: Men's ring red stone-silver band. Alot 
01 sentimenlaf yalue. Please return . Reward. 
Call 453-2853 . (3/8) 

LOST Saltz short catculus I B book please 
relum to Triton Tim_ if found . M. Blakeney 

i nside . I~/p£R50NAls 
John Lloyd Fuat: Happy Birthday. May you 
drink "ntil you drop tonight . Your bosom 
buddy. (3/B) 
Harry-to the nicest guy in Dana Hall. S~e",,~ 
,s sexy and don't we know ill Love from 
upstairs. (3/ 8) 
M. Eric Blake: We're hurt . You mean you had 
a harem and you never even knew it? Fondly, 
your ex-harem (318) 

Bob - much happiness on your B 'day. Keep 
nummying on lhose nillas . Love LM & the 
Cripple Kid . (318) 

Dear Johnny . with us somethlng 's always 
coming uP. and now you're 21 so look out ! 
Happy Bday Love Emmy (3/8) 

SylYla Franc!: Have you no common COUr-
, tesy? Who DO you think you are. anyway? 

Don 't-you eyer SHUT UP? (318) 

HIGH QUALITY 
SECRETARIAL SERVICE 

In Mission Valley 
Specializing in Thesis Typing, 

Reports, Mauuscripts, aod 
Business Work 

ZIIW3a 

23.5-6 up to 2A wb, 
APR.-OCT. '76 

Over 915 fIighta buta 
UMIlID SEATs' on tone 
and SUI'IIIMf' fIighII 10 
book today for '16 
... NII"'''''· 211-1141 
:DJiv.!i@ 

....... ( ..... , . 

... VeIrr-f ..... twt 
lWc..-. .... ..... 

I.D .. CA 92101 
• MinIIIIuIft .... which ... .. 

on ........... ., .... · 

Mo .... y, M8re1l a, II7t • rl •• )I' .1 nJ(~ 
Unselfish 
29-0 Win 

t Gives Rugby Men 
Over Pomona 

ITT Photo: Mark Gomez) 

The u.c. San Diego Campus Program Board 
presents: 

April 4, Sunday, 8pm Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD ST- $3, G.A. $4 

Tickets: UCSD Box Office 

UCSO BELLY DANCE CLUB 
PRESENTS 

Info: 452-4090 

~-ltllrCIt\ l)ip)t 
- MENU -
~'.fi:"_'.fi:'~.~._~".'!'I:~~. 
f ROLLED SruFFED GRAPE LEAVES '1 

ROlLIO CARAGE LEAVE! (MEAT AND RICEI ; 
BAKED STUFFED EGG PLANT IMEAT. ONK>NS, PINE NUTSI 
STfWfD 01UEH BEANS IN TOMATO SAUCE 

TA.".' SALAD (GREENS AND CRACKED WHEAT ~ 
ON LETTUCE LEAVES} J 

FRUH A".ale BREAO J" 
IIA.LAVA (DUHAn 
DINNER WINE (lVOI IF DESIAED) 
iIi-"'-"'-':~-.:JF.--"'-.:JF.-.l!;;. ___ _ 

THUIIIOAY MAIICH 11 7 I'M INTERNATtONAL CENTER 

COIf _ 13.10 UCID SlUOUrI" CHECKS Oft MONEV 0..0£'" ONLY ACCEnlD 
' .10 GINIRAL ADMt .. ON MAME PAYA"'! TO UCID IllL'" DANCE CLUI 

.. TtcKITI ON SALE IN THE RICRfATION GYM O"tCf 
NO P'HONI JIIllIRVATtONS -- SEATING .. lIMITlD 

By Craig Uchida 
The "unselfish play" of the UC 

San Diego rugby team led them to 
an easy 29~ win over the Pomona 
rugby club Saturday afternoon. 

Joe Heilig's two tries in the first 
half led the scoring spree, and was 
later aided by tallies from Dave 
Clark, AI Hunter and Kevin 
George. 

The Tritons opened the scoring 
early in the game, as Clark kicked 
a penalty shot for a ~ lead. Three 
minutes later, Heilig scored his 
first try of the game. Kevin 
George set up the tally with a 
dazzling display of footwork as he 
sped downfield, lateraled to Brad 
Iwanaga, who in turn lateraled to 
Heilig, who glided in for the try_ 

It was at this point that a 
Pomona player was knocked un-
conscious after colliding with a 
fellow player. The severity of the 
injury was not disclosed, but it was 
serious enough to warrant the 
dispatch of an ambulance to take 
him to the hospital. 

When the game continued, Heilig 
once again scored, this time on 
assists from George and Clark. 
After receiving accolades from the 
crowd, Heilig was heard saying, 
"ahshit, guys, it was nothing." 

Before the half ended, Clark 
kicked another penalty shot, giving 
the Tritons a 14~ lead. 

The second half opened with a 
flourish as AI Hunter scored a try 
in the first minute of play. After 
receiving the ball from Brad Tebo, 
HWlter raced downfield, faked two 
Pomona players out of position 
brilliantly, and then dashed across 
the goal line for the try. Clark's 
conversion was good, increasing 
the lead t021~. 

Tebo's long kick downfield into a 
hole in the Pomona defense set up 
Clark's try late in the half. Clark, 
outrunning the Pomona fullback , 
scooped up the ball across the goal 
line. 

After the game, Jeff Wustman, a 
scrummy, stated that there was a 
"lot of high hitting and everyone 
was getting a bit pissed off." He 
also ,elt that the outstanding team 
play of the Tritons accounted for 
the win. 

The victory upped the men's 
record in league play to 3~1 and a 
tie for first place with Occidental. 
The team has now been victorious 
over Chapman, Irvine and 
Pomona, with the tie coming 
aga inst Oxy. 

Women's Rugby 
Meanwhile, the Sirens of UCSD 

tied the women from OMBUSH ()..() 
Sunday morning at Rob\> Field. 

Coach Val Cardeiro charac-
terized it as a very good defensive 
game for the Sirens. She stated 
that "the referees called a very 
close game with whistles being 
blown every other minute." 

Jeanne Cunningham, the eight-
man in the serum, was credited 
with playing a remarkable game 
against the rough OMBUSH 
scrummies, 

Nest Saturday at noon, the Sirens 
meet UCLA, in what promises to be 
a highly exciting contest. 

.... _ .. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------, ~o Ca"",," ~'''''' !Boa,J I" .... nt. 

A MANDEVILLE 
LECTURE 

marl 18 hi 
ST_ $1.00 
GA $2_00 
TICKETS: 
UCSD BOX 
OFFICE 

MARCH 9 I 
TUESDAY, 8P:.---.J 

Sports 
Notebook 

The Pro Scene 
The names are quite impressiv~. 
Jimmy Connors, IDe Nastase, 

Roscoe Tanner, Rod Laver, 
Guillermo Vilas and Marty 
Riessen are among 16 tennis 
players scheduled to be nearby, in 
the $100,000 International Players 
Association Finals, March 16-21. 

The tourney will be played at La 
Costa Hotel and Spa, the scene of 
several World Championship of 
Tennis (WCT) tournaments in 
recent years. 

Dave Eisen 

Snubbed by WCT this year, La 
Costa went out and got what has 
been called the strongest field for a 
tennis tourney ever in San Diego. 
The IPA finals will be the 
culmination of the IPA season, 
with the eight top finishers 
automatically qualifying for the 
tournament. La Costa itself gets to 
choose the other eight players, to 
round out the I6-man field. Roscoe Tanner 

Page 7 

The event will consist of ten sessions, starting Tuesday afternoon 
March 16, with afternoon (1 pm) and evening (7 pm) sessions through 
Friday. The singles final is scheduled for Saturday at noon and the 
doubles final and third place play-off Sunday at noon. ' 

.UCLA's Butch Walts, Vitas Gerulaitas, Sandy .~.fayer, and Erik Van 
Dillen are other players that have sent in their individual confirmations. 
Several players have yet to be named by La Costa, 

The beauty of the tournament appears to be inevitable exciting early 
round match-ups, a rarity in big-time tennis. Usually Jimmy Connors is 
matched with the local janitor in the first rOWld. In the IP A finals he 
could be scheduled for Tanner or vilas. ' 

What the event lacks, however, is timing. March 16-20 is finals week at 
UCSD. . 

The aft~rnoon a.nd evening times should be accommodating to most, 
though , Ticket prices have been set at $4 and up, and information is 
available by calling 489-9111.. _ 

Professional soccer in San Diego has been given both a boost and a 
bomb. 

Soon after it was announced that Pele would be in the area with the New 
York Cosmos to meet the San Diego Jaws, it was announced that the San 
Diego Surf was folding before even kicking their first goal. 

The Pele game will be March 24, at Balboa Stadium. The Jaws a 
mei11Per of the North American Soccer League, will play the remainder 
of their games in San Diego State's Aztec Bowl. 

The Surf, a ~ranchise of the American Soccer League, fell apart two 
months before Its debut season was to begin. 

C<Hlwner Jim McEvoy said, " We don't have the ability to establish a 
team here this season ... we will not be on the scene. But we are keeping an 
open eye for the future " ... 

.Final update , UCSD basketbaJl...CaJ Baptist, winners of UCSD's league 
With a.9-1 record, has advanced to the NAIA finals in Kansas City, by 
defeating OcCidental for the NAIA District 3 title. The Tritons were 
defeated sOWldly by the Lancers twice this season, though holding a lead 
for nearly the entire first half of the first encounter, USIU, a team that 
defeated UCSD in two of three games, was defeated by Cal Baptist in the 
District 3 seull-finals... . 

Final update, Scott Sadil's Triton Times column of March 3 ... Sorry 
but I Sincerely don't believe that there was any chauvinism ulvolved in 
the column at all. I suggest that you watch a men's, and then a women's 
basketball game. I think you ullght agree that, as Sadil said, they are two 
different gamt's ... 

Soto ••• 
t? do well in New York (in part because of his Jewish background) and in 
his home state of Pennsylvania. Harris thinks he can pull a coup off 
somepiace-preferably Wisconsin-and apparently has grown to enjoy 
traveling around the country in his mobile home. 

Tomorrow the Florida primary should decide the viability of Ronald 
Reagan's increasingly remote chances to upend President Ford at the 
Kansas City Convention. For the Democrats it seems like a race between Caru:r and Wallace with Jackson as the dark horse. 

PSA tel Is 
ucSan 

buzzoff~ 
I' 

'1 J ) 
29*ilileS a...,. ~I .,./' Headed for northern / California (or L A , Burbank, Long BeaCh, 

,~" Ontario)? Call your campus rep or PSA and 
- - - - - - - - - tell them Y9u w~nt to buzz off PSA gives you a lift 



..... 

.. ' 

" . 

HAIRCUTS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY 

latest fashions 
in wi re fram.es 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fitted 
repairs 
hours man - ~rl 10 20 - 8 00 
sal 10·6 closed sundays 

sports arena blVd. 
(across Irom Ihe sporls arena) 

224·2973 224·2974 

1----------, 
: 2 for 1 student: 
I ticket offer: I 
I Clip thil ad and prelent at box office to buy two $2 I ticketl for the price of one. 
Il .... ___ ~..._----"'J I 
- ~ 

I IHI AV'Y I X IPlclR111 IE] I 
I SAN DIEGO I 
: HIGH : 
: FIDELITY : 
I MUSIC I 
: SHOW : 
I + SUPER DISCO I I * Vi be at fantastic DISCO DEMO! I 

* See and hear HI·Fi AM tliner! I * Thrill to a total surround experience of sight and I 
I sound! A history of audio from Edison to 4·channel! I * Free! Sound Magazines worth more than $2! 

* Two floors of exhibits! I * Enjoy FM broadcasts from the show! I 
I * Free! lab Test of your I STARTS FRIDAY! 
I MARCH 12, 13 & 14 I Friday 5 to 10 pm · Saturday 11 a.m. to 10 p.m 

Sunday 12 noon to 9 p.m. I I Disco til 12 midnight Fri. & Sat 
I ~~n~~~~~m~~t~ Concourse I 
.. 

Only $2 admission. Children under 12 'free with adult. I 
----------

......y, Mara I, 1171 

Garcia, on Bail, To Speak on Murder case 
Inez Garcia, convicted 01 aecenc:l 

degree murder for shooting a man 
who allegedly raped her 17 minutes 
earlier, will speak on the topics of 
rape, self defense and women's 
rights today at noon on the ReveUe 
plaza. 

Garcia became a rallying figure 
in the woman's rights movement 
foUowing her 1974 trial, in which 
she was convicted by a Monterey 
jury despite her plea of self-
defense. 

According to the defense, Inez 
was forced into her backyard, 
beaten and raped by two men on 
March 19,1974. Shortly afterwards, 
her two assailants telephoned her 
and threatened her with further 
injury unless she agreed to leave 
town. 

·CIA .. 
the federal govenunent. Calling 
the Senate Committee on 
Intelligence "a farce from the 
start," he pointed to Congress' 
inability to deal with the agency. 

Supporting Repressive Regimes 
According to Porter, the CIA 

works to assure American global 
economic domination by helping 
multinational corporations 
"plunder the world at will" and 
" suppress national movements 
aroWld the world (by) supporting 
repressive regimes." He added 
that the FNLA and UNITA forces 
in Angola were CIA-supported 
because of their "favorable at-
titude" toward American oil 
companies. 

Porter added that the House's 
Pike committee, which has in-
vestigated CIA activities occurring 
since 1965, turned up figures 
revealing the priorities in the use 
of agency resources. Thirty-two 
percent of all CIA activities, he 
said, were directed towards 
" political or electoral support," 29 
percent towards "manipulating 
news media," with substantial 
funds also financing " paramilitary 
operations" and " targeted at 
(disrupting ) organized labor 
worldwide. " 

In 1967, according to Porter, 
President Johnson issued a " flat 
prohibition" against all CIA 
domestic activities, which included 
developing teclmologies for police 
agencies in the United States. The 
reform, however, was secretly 
amended through agency action, 
and was effectively nulled. 

Anti-CIA Coalition 
Porter concluded by calling for 

support of the ten students in 
" opposing the university's 
relationship with the CIA," adding 
that " this is where the battle's got 
to be fought ... It's the right thing to 
do because imperialism is going to 
lose." 

Porter's speech was prefaced by 
remarks from Mahoney and 
Katsiaficas, in which they ex-
plained the goals of . the Anti-CIA 
Coalition in general and 
specifically in relation to the 
student hearings. 

In her opening statement, 
Mahoney said that the extent of 
CIA involvement is still secret, but 
that " we've found out enough to 
know that it's really serious." She 
added that " education alone would 
not terminate UC-CIA complicity," 
and that a demonstration was 
necessary to express student 
concern. 

" Out of that nice day," she said, 
ten students were "selectively 

Enraged and reportedly still in 
shock from her assault, Inez 
loaded her son's .22 and set out in 
search of her assailant.. She found 
them five bIocka away, where one 
Gf them drew a knife and threw It 
at her, missing. She then shot and 
kiUed 21-year~ld MiCuel Jimenez, 
who bad allegedly held her down 
while his 17-year~ld companion 
raped her. 

TIle Jadle'l AdYke 
Garcia's trial was compUcated 

by her inability to prove that she 
had been raped, since she was not 
examined following the incident. 
The preSiding judge strongly 
discouraged the consideration of 
rape in the case, asserting that the 
trial was strictly a murder case. 
Jurors, when interviewed after the 

chosen" to receive disciplinary 
action. The purpose 0( this action 
by the University, according to 
Mahoney, is to cloud the issues. 
"The CIA really is the issue. " 

Under the Surface 
Katsiaficas then spoke, saying 

that the CIA presence on campus is 
"almost an invisible one." Until 
the end of November, according to 
Katsiaficas, the agency had a 
contract with Richard Attiyeh, 
head of the Economics depart-
ment. With the termination of that 
contract, CIA ties now remain 
" under the surface." Never-
theless, the agency maintains "ten 
regional offices (which are) in 
contact with 400 campuses." 

He then quoted an article from 
Ramparts magazine, which stated 
that "hundreds of professors were 
contacts for the CIA," adding that 
"most of the spying of potential 
employees" is done by professors. 

Katsiaficas concluded that "the 
CIA is a falling institution, (which 
existed) with the rise of US im-

Hearings.. 
attorneys to broaden the scope of 
questions to Saxon from those 
strictly relating to the President's 
walk from Revelle to Matthews 
were consistently ruled irrelevant 
by Lugarmani. 

Questions about Saxon's pre-visit 
preparations, the crowd's mood, 
UC ties with the CIA and Saxon's 
status as a public figure who could 
not expect to move as freely as a 
private citizen were also found 
irrelevant by Lugannani. 

When Lugannani overruled 
attempts by Nunn to question 
Saxon's perceptions of the crowd's 
mood , Nunn said it was " a 
traves ty" to not allow free 
questioning of the President. 

No More Witnesses 
After Lugannani refused to allow 

questions relating to the CIA, the 
students' attorneys left the room. 
Outside the hearing room they said 
they would not call another defense 
witness. 

Earlier in the day, UCSD police 
officers Bill Mott and Murray 
PenhoUow, along with ReveUe 
provost Ernie Mort testified under 
the heavy security instituted after 
the hearings were disrupted by 
students Feb. 25. 

Friday at noon 250 students 
gathered on ReveUe plaza to show 
support for the charged students 
and hear speakers criticize alleged 
CIA ties with UC and the ad-
ministration's handling of the 
hearings. 

Native Americans. .. 

trial, indicated that they had 
followed the judge's advice in 
disregarding a sexual assault. 

Garcia was sentenced to five 
years to life in prison. After 15 
months Gf her sentence, she was 
Il'8Ilted an appeal and releaaecl on 
'10,. ball. 

Many political and feminist 
groups, such as the National 
Organization Gf Women, believe 
that the case is a crucial test of a 
woman's right to defend herself 
against rape or assault. 

Following Garcia's speech in the 
plaza, a self«fense workshop wiD 
be sponsored by the San Diego 
Coalition Against Rape. The 
workshop will take place in the 
Women's Cenlel'. 

perialism ... The US is a super-
power on decline." The University 
movementa against the agency, he 
said, have accompUlbed much 
following the precedent set by ~ 
anti-war movement of the 1980s. 

Coop.. 
lobby has not accomplished much 
in the field Gf student legislation 
and that it would be pointless to 
continue funding an organization 
that is wrapped up in the current 
power structure. UMandri called 
the Student Lobby an exercise in 
"tokenism" and called for a 
drastic revision. 

Outspoken Supporters 
Supporters of the UC Lobby have 

pointed to a recent study which 
placed the Sacramento lobby 
among the more effective lobbying 
group in California . 

Alex Annala, a former lobby 
annex c<Htirector, has been one Gf 
the most outspoken supporters of 
the Sacramento lobby. In recent 
weeks he has pointed to its ef-
ficiency and effectiveness as 
primary reasons for continued 
support by the UCSD campus. 

Otis Watson has introduced a 
resolution which would terminate 
continued discussion of the SBPC 
and the UC Student Lobby for the 
remainder of the year. Watson 
argues that the SBPC and the 
Student Lobby have their value 
despite what faults each 
organization might have. He 
pointed to his recent tenure as the 
student representative to the 
Regental Selection Committee as a 
good example of how statewide 
politics can benefit UCSD. 

Watson contends that further 
discussion will only erode the ef-
fectiveness of both statewide 
organizations and even the Coop, 
which has seen much of its time 
devoted to heated debate on the 
statewide issues. 

Photos.. 
the same photograpber - that show 
a smiling, UDO"tructed Saxon, 
flanked by policemen aDd chattiDg. 

One photo sbows SaXOD gripped 
UDder the arm by a UC poUcemea. 
Saxon's exprelslon, ODe 01 clear 
discomfiture, Is directed at the 
officer. 

And Friday, at the hearIDg 
downtown in the State of CaUfonia 
buDd .... [see article, pqe one] , 
Saxon ackaowledled bls ex-
pression in one pbotograph was a 
happy ODe. He .. lei later that the 
whole event wal "esclt .... " 

-.I_ R. Taylor 
demonstrated injustice and exploitation of the 
Native American, said Padgett. 

Indians can be declared " incompetent" by the 
BIA, placing the property of those Indians Wlder the 
bureau's direct control. Entire tribes, including 
those on the Pala reservation near Escondido, have 
been displaced from more fertile land on the 
promise of money, housing, and machinery which 
have not been forthcoming, he continued. 

Padgett believes change will be initiated through 
"self-awareness and becoming aware of other 
people and their situation-a start will be made." 

Hussong said that the past treatment of the In-
dians has been deplorable; the future appears just 
as bleak. Neither speaker expressed optimism for 
the contemporary Native American who is faced 
with chronic poverty, 10w~uaUty education, and 
dislocation from his own culture caused by the 
attempt by the US to assimilate them. 

Padgett and Hussong are employed by the HEW 
sponsored " Talent Search," an agency providing 
information services regarding secondary 
education. 

Wednesday night's program was the third in a 
series of six programs presented by the Fourth 
College on " Peoples in America : A Look At Race 
And Racism." 

On Monday, March&, the prelentaUon wiD deal 
with Asian Americana; Tue_y'.lecture by Robert 
F . Williams wiD coyer the black people'. atruule in 
America. The programa are heklat 7:30 In 'ourth 
Collqe's Cafeteria on MaUhewa CampQf. 


