
UCSD Treats. 
Its 'Research 
An imals Well 

by Dave Epstein 
Staff Writer 

UC San Diego has some of the 
fi nest medical researchers. Along 
with these researchers, however, 
re some fine experimental sub-

jects: 10,000-20,000 of the most 
willing and able subjects that exist 
- the UCSD research animals. 

Humans can be used for com-
para tively few experiments 
especiaUy those that are long terr~ 
or medical in nature. As a result 
UCSD has about 20 species of 
research animals, a campus 
veterinarian', animal resource 
de partment, and a farm where the 
majority of the animals are kept. 

Federal, state and local 
regulations have at least nominally 
ended overt cruelties to research 
animals. Officials at UCSD claim 
that such cruel practices here and 
at other institutions are a thing of 
the past. 

There are strictly enforced rules 
governing the care of research 
animals. 

Jack Vand~rlip, DVM, is the 
campus veterinarian. His official 
duties entail making sure that 
U D's research animals are 
tr ted properly and he' says he 
has never known anyone to 
willfully break regulations. 

UCSD's research animals are 
protected from disease 
mistreatment, and regulated by a~ 
elaborate checking system. Each 

re~earch animal is checked at least 
tWIce daily. 

A screening system is also in 
effect, ~hich ensures, according to 
Vanderlip, that UCSD will acquire 
only healthy animals. Even after 
careful screening, there are still 
many. oth.er safeguards taken. Vac~lnahons, quarantines, 
phYSicals, parasite tests and 
s~cial diets are given to the 
ammals. 

~ong those responsible ' for 
ammal care and surveillance are' 
the researcher who is In charge oi 
the . given experiment, the 
vetennarian making the daily 
check, the animal health 
technician, who is like a veterinary 
nurse, the animal care supervisor 
and the animal caretaker. 
s Asi~e from veterinary and i~ 
(>ectlon dutiesyanderlip serves as 

hconsultant to researchers who may av q t ' ues IOns about care or 
ontlnued on Page 8 

Felnary I, 1171 

SBPC Requests Saxon 
Info From McElroy· 
Position Statement to Follow 
by James G. Soto 

City Editor 
The Student Body President's 

Council (SBPC) has sent a letter to 
ChanceIJor McElroy requesting 
further information on the Nov. 25 
demonstration in which UC 
President David Saxon's visit was 
interrupted by students protesting 
the CIA's presence on campus. 

Parker Lee, Co-Chairperson of 
the SBPC, asked eight specific 
questions of McElroy on the 
particulars of the Nov. 25 incident 
and subsequent developments 

The SBPC letter questioned 
McElroy as to whether Saxon's 
office or Saxon himself pressured 
the UCSD a.:iministration into 
making the investigation or in-
fluencing any of the findings of the 
investigating team. 

Munoz was personally upset she 
said, over the conduct of Saxon in 
the investigation process. 
According to Munoz two weeks 
before the anti-CIA demonstration ' 
the SBPC met with Saxon up in 
Berk~~ey and had asked hirr' 

leading to the disciplinary hearing 
to be held next month. 

According to UCSD's un-
dergraduate representative, Irma 

. Munoz, the SBPC is requesting 
information from McElroy in order 

1969 an,d funded the operations of to ma~e a position statement on the 
the SAO, a militant right-wing handh~~ of the demonstration by 
group that attempted to terrorize US offiCials. . 

Council to Investigate 
City Police-FBI 'Link 

The San Diego City Council voted 
Friday to investigate intelligence 
operations of the San Diego Police 
Department and the possibility 
that San Diego policemen worked 
as paid informants of the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation (FBI ). 

By a 6-2 vote, the council also 
invited the Senate Select Com-
mittee on Intelligence to hold 
hearings in San Diego into the 

. FBI's role in promoting strife 
between black national groups and 
in funding Secret Army 
Organization (SAO) activities 
here. 

Voting in favor of the resolution 
authored by Councilmen Floyd 
Morrow and Leon Williams were 
Gil Johnson, Maureen O'Connor, 
Jess Haro, and Morand Williams. 
In opposition were Lee Hubbard 
and Jim Ellis. Mayor Wilson was 
absent. 

According to the resolution the 
council will hold special hea;ings 
on the matter every fourth 
Thursday until June 30. 

Several Items 
. . The resolution came folJowing 
disclosures that the FBI instigated 
a feud between two black national 
groups in Southeast San Diego in 

'Brown Not 
On-For Now 

Gov. Brown's name is not on the 
first list of Democratic 
presidential candidates for the 
California primary, as released by 
Secretary of State March Fong Eu 
Friday. 

Hpwever, Brown left the 
possibility open for the subsequent 
addition of his name to the list. 

Brown's name was removed 
from the list following a phone 

ContiDUed OR Pa~e 8 

San Diego leftist groups in the The S~PC dId not wantto take a 
early 1970s. sta~d until we hear both Sides of 

I The resolution specified several 
items to be examined, among 
them: connections with the FBI's 
work in San Diego, maintenance 
and sharing of intelligence in-
formation, violations of citizens' 
civil rig ts and th use and 
recruitment of informants. 

The resolution said the council 
had been made aware of possible 
connections between federal 
agencies and local groups. 

Morrow told one reporter he 
learned that San Diego police of-
ficers were hired as informants to 
infiltrate certain groups. He did 
not elaborate on that statement. 

the !ssue," Munoz said. 
Held Accountable 

The SBPC, she said, wants to 
insure that the administration will 
understand that it may be held 
accountable for future incidents. 
SBPC representatives from other 
campuses are concerned that 
similar incidents may occur in 
their constituencies. 

The SBPC letter asks McElroy 
what the students are being 
charged with and what the 
proposed punishment might be. 

The letter also asks if the UCSD 
administration might be held 
accountable for any of the events 
that happened on Nov. 25. 

UCSD Behind in Services 
For Disabled Students 

by Cathy Fitzmaurice 
Staff Writer 

UCSD pales in comparison to other UC campuses in providing services 
and programs for the disabled student. 

In a report prepared by student intern Mark Rappaport for vice-
Chancellor of Student Affairs' office, UCSD and UC Santa Barbara had 
similar programs in that they are small and "almost non-existent." 

Rappaport's study found that every UC campus has some sort of 
program for the disabled student except UC Santa Cruz, which has 
certain problems resulting from the unique topography of its location. 

The Rappaport study said that Berkeley and Riverside have the best 
programs while Davis and Irvine also provide relatively good services 
for the disabled. 

State or Federal Grants 
UC Los Angeles, which had catered to many of disabled veterans of the 

World War Two era, had dropped many of its programs until a new staff 
was hired last year, 

~e UC? programs . are funded by state or federal grants and student 
registratIOn fees. ThiS year UC Berkeley received $300 000 from various 
sources, while UC Davis received $33,000. ' 

Through the programs necessary changes are made in the campus 
structure, and maps and information are provided for the blind and tllose 

Continued on Page 8 

Thousands of Vietnamese 
rcfugees were joined by the UCSD 
community celebrating the Lunar 
New Year Saturday. ID the MaiD 
Gym, visitor were treated to 
Vietnamese music, modern and 
traditional dane exhibition and 
the VI tname e martial arts. 
Native foods were prepared by til 
refugee and lottery ticket wer 
. old to ral e funds for the vent. 

The Lunar New Year, cel brat d 
by hlnese and Burnt a well a 
the Vlt'tnamese, brought In th 
ear of the Dragon. 

Irma Munbz 
speclhc questions of UC policy on 
mdividual campuses. 

No Control 
She said that at that time Saxon 

said, " I am only the president of 
UC," and went on to say that he 
had no control over what happens 
on individual campuses. 

Some of the SBPC is now upset 
that Saxon sent a letter to UCSD 
officials two weeks after the ov. 
25 incident calling for di ciplinary 
action. 

The letter also asks McElroy's 
opinion on whether or not Saxon's 
own behavior on the day of incident 
could have had anything to do with 
the demonstration . . 
. The SBPC, according to Munoz, 
IS currently seeking to have some 
input into a new statewide 
disciplinary board that officials in 
University hall have been 
discussing since the Nov. 25 
demonstration. 

The SBPC expects to hear from 
McElroy later in the week. 

Erratum 
In our story Friday about the 

Disabled Student Union and the 
Chancellor's Advisory Committee 
on the Disabled, the Triton Times 
incorrectly reported that it would 
take $2 million to make necessary 
improvements in accommodations 
for the disabled on campus. 

The correct figure is $200,000. 
The Triton Times regrets this 

error. 



Jo"H.'I'a~ 
FAlItor-la-Crr 

Craig Uchlja 
Oplnfon eclli\;r 

Mart Woelber 
Maullal editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

Jams G. Soto 
City editor · 

Sara J. Lowen· 
CommunJty editor 

The Triton Times is recognized os.he official studellt newspaper by 
the Communications Boord of UCSD. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of the majority of the editoriQi boord (above), and not. the 
views of the University, the Communications Boord or the student 
batty. 

Room Size Matters 
at Hearings 

One of the lesser-known issues revolving around the hearings for UC 
San Diego students charged In the Nov. 25 demonstration against 
President Saxon is the size of the room to be used. 

Despite tbe lact it has been pushed into the background by other, more 
vital issues, room size should not be ignored, especially during the month 
before those rescbeduled hearings. 

The bearings are currently scheduled for the recreation gym con· 
ference room, which has a seating capacity of 115. After tahles and cbairs 
are set up for hearing officer, witnesses, students and attorneys, that 
capacity will be appreciably diminished. 

This does Indeed provide for what one of the students' attorneys termed 
"quasi-open bearings." 

Altbough there was some indication that the students' attoreys were 
dissatisfied with the room choice, bearing officer Robert Lugannanl said 
last Thursday that both sides are satisfied with tbe conference room. 

We agree with the room choice. U the hearings were beld in some 
larger area-the Gym steps come to mind-they would doubtless disin-
tegrate Into a circus, with people cheering tbeir favorites and deriding 
their enemies. 

But we also think the hearings can be made more open. Video tape 
machines could be set up in the room, with monitors booked up in, for 
instance, the Rec Gym itself . That way, the possibility of the hearings 
becoming a circus would be greatly diminished. 

We feel this would be better than the idea of people signing up for half-
day sessions, because It would allow them to come and go as they please, 
and watch as much or as little of the proceedings as they like. 

Soto .Drops Out 
Our city editor and pundit, James G. Soto, prefers to characterize 

himself as a moderate. t 
The rest of us are comfortable in thinking of him as conservative. 
Recently, he found bimself in unwelcome company. 
Awhile ago, we assured someone [we don't remember who ] that, yes, 

we would like to be on a press mailing list of the Young Socialists 
Alliance, and gave editor Soto as the proper name for the mailing label. 
Soto has since received a personal letter from the YSA secretarY. 

It welcomed him to the fold, ending, " We look forward to working with 
you for socialism." While Soto claims to have had what he calls a 
"socialist youth," he was quite disturbed at the letter. 

Nevertheless, we have thought it best to forward copies to the State 
Department and the FBI. You never can tell. 

Projectiles 
We've saved the best for last. 
It's skateboards that really make us mad. 
What's more, skateboarders are more obstinate than people in carts or 

on bikes. Some of them act as if we should enjoy watching them run over 
our toes on the Revelle plaza. 

They're also not as easy to control as the otber two hazards we've 
mentioned. And skateboarders are usually rather indiscriminate in 
choosing the direction In which they fly after they part company with 
their boards. 

They may not care, but we do. 

We Want Hunter/ 
Gonzo Salad ' 

The Triton Times implores the Campus Program Board to do all in 
its power to bring journalist Hunter Thompson to UC San Diego. 

Thompson, called the "quintessinal outlaw journalist," is one ot the 
nation's m' ls~innovatlve and progressive journalistic talents. 

His thre ~ books, studies of tbe Hell's Angels, Las Vcgas and the 1972 
presidential campaign, have been termed sociological masterpieces. 
Over the course of the past decade, through those books and articles for 
many pel iodjcals, most notably I{nllillg Stone, Thompson has 
establishetl a new journalistic style- gonzo- which is an innuetial trend 
in "new jo lI11allsm: ' . 

Thomps;Jn Is currently on a speaking tour that has brought him as close 
to UCSD a; U Santa Barbara last Thursday. 

He is av !ill'ble through the Rolling Stone speakers bureau. 
Need Wt say more? 

Th. Trit 'Xll',mes is recognized by the Communications Board 01 UCSO as the oltielal 
student newspaper. Publication Is on Mondays. Wednesdays and F,'days during the 
regular schoot year (except on official holida.l<sj. Editorial and billions 011 ices .re 
located in 117 81l1li. Hall on lhe Revelle College campus. University 01 Catllol'Ola. San 
ooeoo 

Leiters to the Editor and opinion columns are welcomed . All submissions SMuid be 
typed on a 74·apact line on nonerasable paper. They should not exceed three pages In 
tenOlh dOuble·spaced. The Trllon Times reser.es the "Ohtto ed.t submiSSions becaus. 
01 spacel.mltations Or styte requHementa. 

For edltor .. l . call 452·3~. lor busme.s and display advertisements. catt 452·3-468. 
EnUre contants coPV'lght 1976, Triton Times. 

• rI.fN •• IIII('S Febnaary Z, 1178 
Commentary 

Moynihan: Laud'ing the Real America 
by John H. Taylor 

What, exactly, is the appeal of ~ 
United Nations ambassador Daniel 

along - d()('sn't mean much unless 
you reap its benefits. America got 
where it is through monumental 
human endeavor, exploitation, 
greed, ambition and spunk. P. Moynihan? 

Moynihan is the 6'5" overtly 
intellectual former Harvard 
professor who has taken the 
General Assembly - with its 
majority of Third World and 
Communist bloc countries - on 
alone, defending the US's integrity 
and history as one of "the world's 
last democracies." 

And, for some reason, the press 
is falling over itseU, the State I 
Department is stunned, his OJ)-
ponents on the other side of the 
table are shaken. And some -
including the ambassador - are 
saying I1is forcefulness is begin· 
ning to 'break up' the monopoly 
that 'deyl!loping and Communist 

coun~ies have held on .the UN {or' 
quite a few years. . :! .1 

(The last point seems debatable. 
The majority bloc is held together 
by common interests that probably 
go beyond being the best bullies.) . 

Moynihan has come into a 
situation where the UN - in a way, 
the best public relations rirm the 
Third World has eve r had - is a 
forum for rhetoric and ridicule on 
the surface, but where behind the 
scenes we are all pals in the sense 
that most poor countries continue 
their receptiveness to US foreign 
aid. Moynihan has refused to 
passively withstand the vitriol his 
predecessors have lately fielded 
with a more conciliatory air and 
has, thus, captured the front pages 
with his counterattacks where 
before we read just the attacks. 
And we love it, because we've been 
dying to feel good. We've got pop 
tarts and deodorant tampons; this 
man gives us peace of mind. 

Just read the papers. A recent, 
rather petty oj)-Cd page article in 
the Los Angeles Times attacking 
Moynihan was disputed by nearly 
all Letters to the Editor writers ; 
letter writers in several magazines 
have pushed him as man of the 
year and have encouraged him to 
run for the Senate and the 
presidency. Negative letters are 
few. 

He is as much of a press hero for 
his unabashedly straightfornisAi . 
defenses as Henry Kissinger was 
for his talent for maintaining 
complex negotiations. He makes 
people glow. 

But so much of it doesn't make 
sense: 

-Moynihan says the US cannot 
he attacked because it "eats too 
much," and that the Third World 
has to learn to feed itseU. 

Of course, it tried in Chile and 
Guatamala, to name a couple, but 
the US didn't let it. 

-With Vietnam just behind, and 
the Administration's frantic at· 
tempts to squeeze money from 
Congress to counter Russian and 
Cuban aid to the MPLA in Angola' 
in the papers every day, he attacks 
charges of US neo-colonialism. 

Of course, we may quibble all 
night over words, but the attempt 
to shield ourselves from Com· 
munism with a buffer zone - using 
other nat ions' property -- is 
colonialism as much as protection 
of an economic interest is. 

Not to mention' the frighteningly 
potent economic power the US can 
wield over undeveloped nations. 
It's implicit colonialism. Many of 
the same people who thumped 
desks in Congress over the 
audacity of an Arab oil boycott 
were. the same clowns who 
harangue on the comparative 
bleakness of life in Cuba while 
failing to mention its closest neigh-
bor's long-standing boycott of 
same. 

Why should denying his people 
color television make Castro's 
political position more secure? 

Let's not dispute the clout of the 
US in the world, in every area of 
endeavor. Moynihan wants reason 
between democracies, one just 
nation one vote, but you know what 
the prime minister of Jamaica, 

Daniel Moynihan 

who just recently was able to show 
his people they weren't getting 
what they ought to for their 
bauxite, would say to that. He'll 
take all he can get, thanks, because 
he won't be able to get much. 

-And finally, there's this aj)-
preciation Moynihan thinks we all 
have for democracy, as if there's 
something i)1dependently ap-
pealing about it besides the fact it 
keeps most (not all) of our 
stomachs full and lets us bear 
arms and stay out late. He says, 
" There is no nation so poor that it 

. cannot . afford free speech, but 
there are few elites which will put 
up with the bother of it. .. 

Nonsense. Would free speech 
work here with 20 or 30 percent 
unemployment and 200 percent·a-
year inflation? Was it democracy 
that made this particular chunk of 
the continent a pass-around pack of 
natural resources? Did democracy 
help us getthe atomic bomb first? 

And do you think the poor and 
elderly in New York City two 
months ago gave a hang about 
democracy? If we had voted, 
nationwide, on the issue of federal 
aid to the city, there wouldn't be a 
New York at the moment. They . 
would have put a fence around the 
town arid left it to die . 

It sounds corny, but democracy-
- which is just a balancing act 
involving what people want and 

. need and the degree to which they 
will do without it and still play 

None of these attributes is 
particula rly democra tic. I don't 
think Moynihan would maintain 
they were. In our democracy, 
women have been able to vote for 
less than a 'century; unionism has 
been alive only a few years longer. 
The Constitution protected 
slaveholders. America's worth 
more now than 'then. Moynihan 
shows us, and we can take heart. 

Moynihan's appeal is his op-
timism and pride. Americans 
haven't had any pride for a while, 
and for good reason. McCarthy, 
MacArthur, the CIA, Vietnam- so 
many forces - have nearly ruined 
it. The only pride to be had is that 
other nations faced with less do not 
survive, and that things may be a 
little better after one purge or 
another. When we pour the dirty 
water from the bottle, it doesn't fill 
right up. 

People can trust Moynihan, and 
when they need it the most. He 
understands the festering and 
dangerous national guilt that has 
come with our affluence. He does 
not hold himseU, or us, responsible 
for what the CIA or the FBI or the 
Army or the State Department has 
done. When Moynihan defends 
America, he is defending the in· 
nocence of people in general, and 
perhaps a system that is proving it 
will work, in spite of the kind of 
people who have used it for so long. 
A system - of institutions, of 
newspapers , of coalitions, of 
conscience that may have finally 
awakened - that is not doing what 
it was contrived to do, that is sane 
and increasingly fair for some 
extrahuman reason. And he af· 
firms this only be defending the 
system-not the Angola desk or the 
Bureau of Indian Affairs, which do 
not, represent the system - and the 
people of his land. He has given us 
a useable patriotism, a kind the 
Bicentennial is noticeably lacking 
in. 

This system does work the best, 
only because (through no fault of 
our own) we have natural riclUless, 
both in resources and in cultures, a 
cQnstitution designed to protect the 
landed that is used now to protect 
tlTe poor, and a press that is usually 
(certainly not always) beholden to 
no one. 

Moynihan (who does not deny 
responsibility for all the wrongs of 
the world, only some of them) 
wants to give it a chance. It can 
work better than it does now, he 
insists . 

Continued on Page 8 

cartoon to -the _tor 
___ 4b on.TqJ ~1a.i~· 

o.TTQrf)pT -to 
d~ w'T~ f\0~5\'0J'\ 
i (Y) pe.ri 0.\ bl"f\ 

FebruarY Z, 1976 

Politics: James G. Soto 

Week That Passed 
Do not think me foolish, sir; but 

this madness is not only appalling, 
. it is-how does the bard say it?-

; sil1')ply exhilerating. 
The SlIpreme Court continuing 

its decade or so tradition of 
providing the clear and cohesive 
judicial interpretation one might 
expect out of the highest bench in 
the Wonderland of the notorious 
addict Alice, decided Friday to 
muddy the waters of electoral 
" reform" by discarding some, but 
not all, of the provisions of the 
Campaign Reform Bill of 1974. 

Local and state campaigns are to 
be freed-at least temporarily-
from the stifling interferance of the 
Federal Election Commission. The 

President, who would rather be skiing/sailing/hallucinating, must now 
appoinf all the members for the said election commission. Previously the 
Congress appointed most of the members. Finally the members of that 
herd of politicos seeking residence in the exclusive 1600 block of Penn· 
sylvania Ave. need not be restricted to spending dollars approved by the 
Federal Election Commission. If indeed they are to completely take 
advantage of this new revelation from the Robed Ones, the economy will 
be blessed by added millions of dollars flooding the market courtesy of 
our presidential candidates. However if the said presidential candidates 
hope to keep their places at the federal trough, they must abide by the 
regulations' of the saintly election commission and their inspired spen-
ding limit. 

The Art of Legislation 
If in fact, you understand all that has been said and are not just saying 

that you indeed understand this mess to impress your status conscience 
frie nds; then you might consider running in the West Virginia primary 
yourself because your wisdom exceeds that of the venerable Lloyd 
Bentsen, junior senator from the Lone Star State . 

Bentsen, who manages to practice the art of legislation when he is not 
practicing the art of lusting after Ford's meal ticket, has called upon the 
10 remaining candidates (Terry Sanford, as you know, decided to with-
dra w his energies from the campaign, though he will still keep his place 
at the federal trough to collect money for his late and nonexistent cam-
paign) to meet in some sort of caucus to decide what the Supreme Court 
decision really means . 

Lack of Media Exposure 
Of course such a meeting-if indeed it came off-might accomplish some 

sort of agreement that all the Democrats should continue to receive 
federal monies, for their bicentennial tours of America. Bensen is the real 
victor, unless some madman decides to raise millions ot doUars for the 
sheer pleasure of it and make the already jovial campaign a true exercise 
in Ozism. As I was saying, Bentsen, whose campaign has been suffering 
of late from a decided lack of media exposure, will become the real victor 
because he is. the first to suggest a meeting of all concerned Democrats 
and he might be expected to clamor for an agreement which will bind all 
Democrats to the Federal Election Commission guidelines. 

One could continue the idle speculation further, but the pronouncement 
from the nation's highest court was but one of many thrills provided by 
the week just passed. 

Gov. Brown will not be on the preliminary list of presidential can· 
didates to be placed on the June primary ballot, according to the woman 
who should know best, March Fong Eu, our illustrious Secretary of State 
who rode to office on the shoulders of millions of frenzied Californians 
who lacked only the dime that would relieve them from their misery . 

Distant if Tolerable 
The Mississippi Caucus, held last weekend, proved that George 

Wallace's boys can do more than attend country music rallies and stock 
car races, when they visit Dixie. The feared Alabaman, who is soon to 
upset the hornets nest in Boston and other enlightened Northern 
metropolises, swept to a splendid victory in the Magnolia state. The 
Uncommitted Ghosts, who won in Iowa on an even earlier January day, 
settled for second while the hero of Des Moines settled for a distant if 
tolerable third . Sargent Shriver, running best in black districts got his 
name in the paper while the unnoticed Bentsen and the rapid-mouthed 
Fred Harris garnered a few faint, " Who was that you said, Melba's." . 

On the whole I'd rather be in Caaanton, Ohio or in the Revelle Formal 
lou nge waiting for the Del Mar City Attorney to explain the wonders of 
environmental law. Roger Hedgecock, contrary to the feeble protestation 
of CalPIRG was expected by the Triton Times; but then it might be ex-
pected that Roger Hedgecock find it more profitable to campaign for Lou 
Conde's job on the first official day of his candidacy. 

Page three 

Whose La Jolla? 

Local 
Landmark 

Goes Feb. 5 
The date has been set - not for 

the first time, but probably for the 
last. EverYone In the Tyrolean 
Terrace, the cluster of nice old 
cottages next to the Greeo Dragon 
colony, has been told to be out by 
the fifth of February. The 
developers are going to tear the 
place down. 

There's been a lot written 
recently about what the Terrace 
is: architectural landmark, part of 
La Jolla history, unique setting for 
several unique businesses. It's part 
of the town, has been for half a 
centurY or so. No way the new 
office complex wIll look as fitting 
00 that site. 

And a lot of people are going to 
lose their homes. Maybe you've 
never looked to see, but the entirc' 
slope between Prospect and Coast 
is covered with cottages - it's 
only the Prospect frontage up top 
that's given over to businesses like 

.the Gatekeeper and the Pannikin. 
There are people living in the 
Terrace who have been there for 
years, and everyone who lives 
there loves it - old and decrepit 
housing, perhaps, but beautiful and 
quiet and cheap. 

So La Jolla loses another pretty 
place and a bunch of people lose 
their homes. Too bad: Some of u 
used to think of La Jolla as our 
town, but it really belongs to 
somebody else. 



WHAT'S ON:· 2/2-2/8 
Beginning with next week's WHA T'S ON, the deadline for 01/ material will 

be noon Thursday at the student center information desk. Please do not bring 
anllouncem~nts tJr t/le Triton Time$. office -- it'll just gum up the works. 

.. . . ~ . 

monday 
12 noon - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting; Lounge Conference Room Student 

Center. n~ 
12 noon - LaDCh. Bring bag lunch with rehabilitation Cou'-r.lor. , ' , 
12 noon - National Marine Fisheries SeDiloar'; Seutfiiwelt F$hehes Ce~er. 86q4 La 

Jolla Shores Drive. Dr. Jens G. Balchen. UC·Santa ,Barba_ra .... ~atheril;!tical P,fodeling 
Estimation and Control of Fish Behavior." -

2 pm - Clinic. Alcohol Clinic. For students concerned about the use and abuse of 
alcohol. 

3 pm - Meeting. Revelle Residence Hall Board ~eeting. Blake Confe.rence Roo~. 
3 pm - Meeting l1tancellors Advisory Comrmttee On The Handicapped, Dtsabled 

Student Center. 
3:30 pm - APIS Seminar on Space Re~arc~ & The New Astrop~.ysics. ~3O~ US~, 

Revelle. Professor Walter J. Heikkila. Umverslty of Texas. Dallas. Electnc Fields 1D 
the Magnetotail." 

4 pm - Meeting U.J .S. Student Organizations. 
4 pm - Meeting. People interested in working for Tom Hayden, North Conference 

Room Student Center. 
4 pm - Calblocbem-UC San Diego Foundation Lecture in Chemistry. 2622 USB. 

Revelle. Dr. H. Gobind Khorana, MIT. " Total Synthesis of a Transfer RNA Gene. II 
~ pm - Clinic Birth Control methods discussion Student Health Center. 
5:30 - Films. "Natural Childbirth". Vasectomy". "Tubal Ligation" and "Birth Con-

trol" shown continously at Student Health Center. _ 
5: 30 pm - Meeting Science Fiction and Fantasy Club. 
6:30 pm - Meeting Student C()-op, North Conference Room Student Center. All 

Welcome! . 
Last week to sign up for Weight Control Groups. Call Linda ext. 375~, Coun· 

seling and Psych. Servo 
Last week to sign up for Assertiveness For Men And Women. Woman's Center. 
7 pm - Meeting Christian Science Organizat ion. Blake Conference Room. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. Advanced Meeting for all Transcendental Meditators. Revelle 

Forma I Lounge. 
7:30 pm - Fourth College Human Se~uality Symposium, Fourth College Rec. Center. 

Matthews. Discussion on understanding male and female homosexuality . Members of 
the gay community will be present. Free. 

8 pm - Meeting Fourth College Program Board, Matthews Campus Rec. Center. 
8 pm - Meeting Israeli Dance Club, Gym Rec. 
8 pm - Focus on Chicano Art. Art Gallery , Mandeville Center. Faculty members will 

lead discussions and a gallery tour of the Chicano Art Exhibit. Contact University 
Extension, 452-3400, for details. 

9 pm - Dance. Non-Sexist Dance, Muir 5 & Dime sponsored by the Gay Student's 
Association. $.75. 

9 pm-Movie "Rachel, Rachel" Muir 5 & Dime FREE. 

tuesday 
9 am - Workshop. Studies Motivation Workshop. for students who feel urunotivated or 

unorganized or both about their studies Revelle Counselors Office. 
10 am - Meeting. Career Seminar. 302 M.C. . 
11 : 45 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Coffee Hut. 
12 noon - Concert. Noon Concert, sponsored by Muir Program Board. bring your lunch 

Lower Muir Quad. 
12:30 - Lunch. Lunch and informal conversation with faculty members T.B.A. Watch 

Revelle Menu Board for details. All welcome. 
3 pm - Counseling. Third College invites all interested students to a chat session, 412 

M.C. Room 11 . . 
3 :30 pm - APIS SEMINAR on Space Research & the New Astrophysics. 4030A USB. 

Revelle. Dr. Victor Rumsey. "Theory ofInterplanetary Scintillations." 
4 pm - Calbiochem-UC San Diego Foundation Lecture in Chemistry. 2622 USB, 

Revelle. Dr. H. Gobind Khorana. MIT. " Outer Membrane of Gram-Negative Bacteria; 
An Apr-roach tl) the Study of Protein-Phospholipid Interactions in Biological Mem-
branes. ' . 

6 pm ·· Meeting Fourth College Outing Club Rec. Center M.C. 
6:30 1m - Students your second chance to volunteer at the Veterans Hospital is today 

Hospit. 1 Conference Room. V.A. 
7:30 Jm - Fourth College Human Sexuality Symposium, Fourth College Cafeteria. 

Matthews. Discussio 00 female-male contraception. Information on various forms of 
birth crnt 01. Free. 

8 pm - The Wedding Band," UCSD Theatre. Matthews. Aiice Childress' work about 
black (0 ciouness prior to any white literature's emancipation of the black. Also per-
formec F b. 3--8. All students : $1.~0 . General public : $3. Tickets available at Drama 
Dept .• ·107 Matthews Campus. 452·3791. Hours: Noon to 4 p.m. M·Th. 

, , 

wednesday': 
12 noon - Workshop. Workshop for students subject to dismissal. Revelle Counselors 

Office: 
12 noon - Worksbop. Social Sldlls Workshop for students desiring to improve their 

interpersonal skills, Revelle Counselors Ofrice. . 
1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting. Lounge Conference Room student Center. 
1 pm - Workshop. Te~t Anxiety Workshop for students desiring to reduce test anxiety 

and become more effective test takers Revelle Provost Office. • . 
2 pm - Meeting. Women 's Swap Meet. informal get·together and idea exchange also at 

7 pm, Women's Center. 
2 pm - Group. Interpersonal Relations Group. 302 M.C. East Wing. 
2 pm-AMES Film Series, 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. "Fluid Dynamics of Drag, pt. IV." 
2:30 pm - Clinic. Sex Clinic for students seeking information or counseling about 

sexual concerns. Revelle Counselors Office. 
3 pm - Worksbop. Body Movement and Relaxation Workshop Revelle Formal Lounge. 
3 pm - Meeting. R.C.C.A. Meeting, Revelle Provost Office. 
3 pm - Meeting. Disabled Student Union meeting. Disabled Student Center (Next to the 

Revelle Cafeteria) . AlI interested students invited. 
3 pm - Meeting. D.S.U. meeting. Disabled Student's Center. 
4 pm - Meeting. Revelle Residence Hall Board Meeting Blake Conference Room. 
4 pm - Marine Chemistry Seminar, 202 Scripps. SIO. Dr. Charles D. Keeling. "What's 

Wrong with Box Models? II 
4 pm - Astropbyslcs-Space Pbysics Seminar, 1205 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Peter A. 

Strittmatter, University of Arizona, " White Dwarfs and X·Ray Sources." 
4 pm - Archive for New' Poetry Serles,Formal Lounge. Revelle Commons. Poet Ed 

Darn, in residence in the Literature Dept., will read selections from his works . Free. 
4 pm - Meeting. Feminist Coalition Meetiing, Women's Center. 
4: 30 pm - Clinic: Rap Session on Birth Control Methods Student Health Center. 
4: 30 pm - Women's Basketball, Main Gymnasium. USIU vS. UC San Diego. 
4:30 pm - Biology Dept. Seminar Series, 2105 Bonner Hall, Revelle. Dr. Aser 

Rothstein . Hospital for Sick Children. Toronto. Canada. " The Role of Membrane 
Proteins in Anion Transport in Red Blood Cells." 

5 pm·· Meeting. Fitness Clnb. Conference Room North Balcony Main Gym. 
5: 30 pm - Films shown continuously, same as Monday. Student Health Center. 
6 pm - Meeting. OASIS. Game Conference Room Student Center. 
6 pm - Meeting. S.A.T.C.H .• Third College Lounge. 
6 pm - Meeting. "The Triton Wargaming Society. 902 Tioga Hall . 
6:30 pm - Forum. Third College Academic Advising Office is sponsoring a forum for 

facilitating and organizing the re-direction of un-declared majors. CR Room Thir? . 
6:30 pm - Class in American Sign Language. Open to all members of the umverslty 

community as well as other interested persons. Disabled Student Center. (Next to the 
Revelle Cafeteria). 

7:30 pm - Meeting. Chinese Christian Fellowship Bible Study, Blake Conference 
~~ . 

7: 30 pm - Meeting Trident Christian Fellowship, Revelle Formal Lounge. 
8 pm - Don McLeod Mime Concert, Mandeville Auditorium. UCSD students: $2.50. 

General admission: $3.50. Tickets abailable at Student Center Box Office. 
8: 30 pm - Music. Music at Muir ~ " Dime. Lower Muir Commons. 

thursday 
12 noon - LUDCh. Lunch with Muir Faculty in Muir Cafeteria Robert Richie,.History, 

John Evens, Math. Walter Savitch, apis, Duglas Smith, Biology, and Donald Westling. 
Literature. MuirCafeteria. 

12:30 - Lunch. Lunch and informal conversation with Morris Friedkin. residents can 
enter through Revelle Cafeteria commuters and others through the side door Revelle 
Cafeteria. 

12:30 pm - Sumner Noon Series, Sumner Auditorium, SIO. Jim Nelson, Nurseylandl 
will give an illustrated talk on gardening around the San Diego area. 

I pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room student Cente~. 
2 pm - Meeting Revelle Community Center Volunteer Program, Revelle Conunumty 

Center. 
2 pm - Workshop. Creativity Workshop for students wanting either to enhance« 

unblock their creativity, Muir Counselors Office. 
2 pm - Organic Chemistry Seminar, 2102 Urey Hall. Revelle. Dr. Craig A. Townsend, 

Eidgenossische Technische Hoschsule Zurich. "Biosynthesis of Vitamin B-12." 
3 pm - Meeting. Meet Your Provost. Muir Provost Office. 
4 pm - Lecture. "Yo Soy Yo Y MI Circumstancia." Esther Salazar. 302 M.e. Ea!1 

Wing. 
4 pm - Cosmochemls~ Seminar, 2102 Urey Hall, Revelle. Dr. J . Marvin Herndon, 

"Can the Ordinary Chondrites have Condensed from a Gas Phase?" 
5 pm - Meeting. Sports Car Club. Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
6 pm - Meeting ME.CH.A .• Third College Lounge. 
6 pm - Meeting Muir Outing Club, A.P.M. 2402. 
6 pm Meeting Abbey of lAlng. Student Center Game Room Conference Room. . 
6 : 30 pm - Workshop. Career Options Workshop. participants will focus on the proceSS 

of defining possible career directions and assessing career factors important to them, 
412 M.C. Room 15 

7:30 pm - Meeting. U.C.S.D. Ski Club, CR. 104 Third College. 
8 pm - Drama " Teatro Mestizo" Mandeville Aud. 
8 pm - Meeting. Co-op and I.C.C. North Conference Room Student Center. 
8 pm - Geological Scleoce~ Seminar, IGPP Confe~en~ Room, SIO. Dr. James C. 

Ingle, Stanford University, • Major Te~iary Pa!,eoclimatlc, Paleoce8!lographlc, and 
Stratigraphic Events; Emphasis on the Ohgocene. 

8 m _ UC SaD Diego Alumni" Friends presents Lasers" Leonardo, 2722 USB, Rev~lIe. Dr. John Asmus, associate research physicist, will describe his new findings in 
laser research. Free. 

S: 15 pm - Movie. The Women's Center is sponsoring a film about the Native American 
ground struggle in the Northwest. Revelle Cafeteria. 

friday 
"".".' 

" 
. f' 

9 am - Meeting. International Black Cultural Organization. Student Center Lounge . 
9 am - Worksbop. Studies Motivation Workshop, see Tues. Revelle Counselors Office. 
11 am - Meeting Affirmative Action Committee. North Conference Room Student 

Center. . 
12:05 pm - Lecture. "Factors Controlling Cell Elongation in the Green Unicellular 

Acetabularia" Dr. Aharon Gibor. for information call Sandra Karpuk ex. 3207. 
12:05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar, Sumner Auditorium, SIO. Dr. John McCosker. 

Steinhart Aquarium. San Francisco, and Mrs. Sandra McCosker. " On the. Trail of the 
Elusive Coelacanth (with Incidental Observations on the Music and Dance of the People 
of Grande Comere. )" 

1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting , Lounge Conference Room student Center. 
1 pm - Music. Women's Center is sponsoring a music get together. bring your body, 

voice and/or instrument. Women 's Center. 
2 pm - AMES-Bioengineering Seminar, 8248 BSB. Med. School. Professor R. Monti, 

Institute of Aerodynamics. University of Naples, " Optimization of Protocol for Unsteady 
Thermography. " 

3 pm - Sports. Women's Sports Day every Friday. meet at Women 's Center if you want 
toplay. 

3 pm - Lecture "Autonomy Arguments in Social Science" Thomas Nickles. Revelle 
Forma I Lounge. 

4 pm - Fair. International Fair sponsored by International Clu~ and Student travel 
Services West. International Center. . 

7:30 pm- Friday Night Flicks, 2722 USB, Revelle. "Murder on the Orient Express." 
Also 10 p.m. Admission: $1. 

7 :30 pm - Andre Kole, " World of musion," Mandeville Auditorium. UCSD student : $2. 
General public: $3. Tickets abaiJable at the Student Center Box Office, 452-4559. 

saturday 
7:30 pm ·- Movie. "Hearts and Minds" FREE. Third College Aud. 
7:30 pm - Movie. "Memories of Underdevelopment". $1.00 USB 2722. 
8 pm - Gambling. Montecarlo Night. free gambling. craps. blackjack, roulette. 

etc ... Fantastic prizes ..... ski trips, dinners. record albums. sportings goods, film tickets. 
gift certificates and much much more ... Don't miss the action in the Main Gym. Spon-
sored by the P .E. Dept. 

8: 30 pm - Dance. Square Dance. Rec Gym. sponsored by Trident Chris'tian Fellowship'. 
Music Oasis free. . . 

. sunday 
Worship services at University Community Church 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive 
Lutheran-lOam 
Catholic-8:3O am and 5 pm 
Episcopal· 12 noon (note new time) 

10:30 am - Worship. Catholic Student Mass, North Conference Room Student Center. 
1 pm - Meeting. CalPirg Local Board, Student Organization. 
3 pm - Meeting. Chess Club. call Student Center for place. 
8 pm -Concert· 

Coffe Concert, John Danke (Piano). 
Marlin Owen (Cello) 
Jerri Lee Owen (Piano) 
The Bishop's School 7607 La Jolla blvd. La Jolla. 

Photo by Frank Commanday. The Triton Tim s will pay 83 for photograph ehos n f 
use on the e pages. ubmit th m at the TT offie . 



by Steve Esmedloa 
StaHWriter 

Martin Scorsese's " Mean 
Streets" is a "triumph" of style 
over content, simply because style 
is its content. " Mean Streets" is 
the most fiesty , involving, volatile 
New York movie ever made. 

It is psychologically 
claustrophobic and physically 
expansive. It bring us into the lives 
of people stuck in a violent and 
horribly confining environment 
who don't realize that there is 
anything " out there," and are 
doing their hardest to excell within 
self·imposed limitations. 

Until Wednesday, " Mean 
Streets" is playing at the La 
Paloma theatre. Although it snuck 
into town for brief intervals last 
summer, it is, like Terrence 
Malick's " Badlands," a brillant 
little movie that has never reached 
the popular audience it deserves. 
There are very few movies, 

American or otherwise, that can. 
match it in the intensity of its . 
feelings for the characters and 
millieu, and the temerity of its 
stylistics. 

The movie has a few similarities 
to other coming of ages sagas like 
Lucas' " American Graffiti" and 
Felini's great " I Vitleloni." Like 
those it is deliberately slice-of-life, 
and is much more interested in 
setting than in plot. But " Mean 
Streets" cuts deeper than those 
films because it does not -hang 
archetypaJ calling cards over its 
people or pass facile judgements 
on them. It doesn't provide us with 
a comfortable surrogate" a 
character who breezes through/the 
story and concludes that there is 
more to life. 

All of the people in " Mea n 
Streets," from the ambitious,' 
sycophantic Cha rlie (Harvey 
Keitel) with his extreme sense of 
sin and guilt ; the leeching , 
carrousing, ingratiating Johnny 

Boy (Robert De Niro); the foppish, 
vain loan-shark Michael (Richard 
Romanus ); the chubby, easy-going 
barman Tony (David Proval); to 
the impatient Theresa (Amy 

. Robinson ), Charlie's " secret" 
lover and Johnny Boy's cousin; are 
inexorably entwined with the 
pratfalls of their surroundings; the 
violence, the dead-end dreams, the 
raucous humor, the boredom, and 
the insularity. " Mean Streets" is 
about living hemmed in; flexing 
your muscles and surv~ing in a 
cramped space because there isn ' t 
anything else to do. 

The high-charged direction of 
Scorsese gives his literal notion a 
very sensual pulsation. Scorsese is 
probably the most intuitive, un-
bridles narrative movie maker 
sjnce Godard's heyday. The range 
of effects he achieves here-the 
fluid slow motion tracks in the 
opening bar sequence; the feverish 
hand-held scramble during an 

Continued on Page 8 

THE SUPER-OQCfORS 
By Roger Rapoport 
Playboy, $8.98, 275 pp. 

February 2,1176 

These 20-0dd interviews with some of the best doctors in the United 
States inspire jumbled feelings of awe, curiosity and vague distaste. No 
one who comes to rule a medical specialty , says Rapoport, has less than 
an obsession with medicine, and whatever else is subsumed on the way 
up-family friends, colleagues, fun-is willingly sacrificed. These s uper-
doctors "~re by and large profess ional martyrs who require special 
treatment from everyone," he says. 

Yet it is emmensely comforting to know that these men are working 18-
hour days, seven days a week, to cure cancer, build artificial hearts and 
otherwise prolong usefullife-even if they're not men you'd like to have 
over dinner. One is confident, after reading this book, that if eliminating 
death were possible, these men could do it. ' 

Only those in the less pressurized areas-psychotherapy , plastic 
surgery, nutrition, child care-seem to have found a reasonable balance 
between work and play. The others, who make life and death decisions 
daily, are brusque perfectionists who have inspired feelings close to 
hatred in some of their underlings and resentment in their patients. But 
as residents tell Denton Cooley's patients: " If he starts seeing you a lot 
something is wrong." 

One of the most interesting studies in the book is of bitter rivals Albert 
Sabin and Jonas Salk, whose " live" and "dead" polio vaccines remain a 
source of medical controversy today. A gigantic ego is a prerequisite for 
becoming a super-doctor, and most don't lake criticism very graciously. 

Rapoport's style is chatty and lucid for the medical layman. He says 
the doctors were remarkably cooperate in granting interviews, and some 
even seemed to gain a sort of purgative joy from talking to " a neutral 
sounding board they would never have to face again." Of course, some of 
the facts are irrelevant and gossipy, but on the whole the doctors' candor 
is gratifying. 

THE MOROCCAN 
By C.A. Haddad 
Harper & Row, $7.98, 245 pp. 

-MARY ELSON 

Judah Biton, a insipid Moroccan Jew who becomes a reluctant agent 
for the Israeli security services, risks his life several times du 'ng this 
episodic novel. Unfortunate ly he is s till alive and well , rattling Ulvay as 
usual, on the 245th and final page. 

The climax occurs long after we expect it, and is, predictably, anti-
climactic. 

-JOHN BLOOM 

RiYON TiMES CLAssiFiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates 

Classified. should elthe. be pllnted 01 typed on a 3" x 5" card (available 
In Tilton Times office I They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p m 

The lollowlng rat s are 10< tOO spaces .. II you use more spaces. the rate 
Will double (100 spaces · ·25 cent.: 101 to 200·- 50 cents). 

Personals .. 5t 
lOS1 and Found .. Iree 
Other ads students · 25 cents 

nonstudents .. $1 
Deadlines 4 pm Friday lor Monday; 4 pm Monday 10< Wednesday; 4 pm 

Wednesday lor Friday 
Announcements free All announcements will run in the Monday 

calendar Oeadlone for calendar: 4 pm Friday. 
(All add'llOns or co<rectlons to listings In Ihe Schedule 01 Classes 10< 

regular UnlVe.slty courses WIll be charged $1) . 

ItOUSiNG 
1.1 ROOMATE WANTED to share large ftat 

In MISSion Hills Many extras; Canyon rim . 
Alter6 eves 295·0998 Pau1 12/2) 

3BR·2BA La Jolta Playmore lownhome, 
nlcefy furnished brick patio 454· '4149 
available now $32512(4) 

MA LE ROOMMATE needed 10< Ibm ApI. in 
PB 87 .5011.1 188·6710 Mike (2/ 4) 

For rent 0" 'I r<)Om In peaceful Ocean BeaCh 
house Alt I, tlli les Included,SIOO 222·7195. 
27().1 059 f2 61 

F rmt wntd·sha.e apl In LJ w I 2 F comlort· 
YleW-near l'IJ5 $106 mo 45J..2231 leave a 
message ,, 'C.alg (2/2) 

. 

S'ERVICES 

Mark We,., 'e!. Mime art ist available lor 
parties SuOerb entertainment and 
'ea.onable ·ale. Call224·6011 1419) 

TulOrlng • any dnd allle""lo 01 French 551hr 
or 53 lor one hall hOur 452. !588 (3112) 

STEREO REPAIR Sludent WIth profes ~lonal 
traInIng and eMpe"ence ,n stereo repair , 
oilers greatly reduced r .. Ies 10 those on 
student budq ts Rop liS mad on ~\I makes 
and mndels tlmps prp.amps , receivers 
luners . I' pes nd tables R palled WIth 
sp""rl a"IJ SOUl'lL GUARANTEE Call 1m 
mediately lor free estlm Ie and or probtem 
COMuitatl on It 291 5927 (216) 

Womancare Pregnancy testing , birth 
control , abortions . pre4 nalal cafe and 
women 's health Inlormation . 1050 Garnet. 
Pac,l ,c Beach 488·7591 (2127) 

TYPtNG Manlyn would like to type your 
paper. thesis . book She IS expeneneed. last 
reasonable. and has a correcting IBM Please 
calt her at 565-7000. (212) 

SpaniSh tutor . Native speaker FleXible 
schedule Reasonable rales Please call 
Marta a\ 453-2789 (2 /2) 

Learn to sail I have a rescrv , Can' t lake class 
slarl. 2·21 9 lessons $1000 call 274·2564 
(212) 

AV la lion ground school prep lor FAA p(lvate 
poiOl exam Wed 6 30.9 30 510 lee 273-3221 . 
S1altS Feb 51212) 

Polarity balancing tree demonstration Wed 
Feb 4 7pm 976 Chalcedony P B call Barbara 
233-3739 (212) 

CHRtSTI AN SCIENCE CAMPUS COUN· 
SELORS otllte hOurs 1 3 pm Friday Feb 6th 
Bldg S07 Mal thews Campus ReligIOUS 
All.". ollice Anne Hottlund 218·5190 Paul 
Hottlund 27~2601 hOme 453-5217 (214) 

TypmQ and/or editln term papers and other 
manuSCflpI. Graduale English studenl 454· 
4619 t2/2) 

TRAvEl 
EUROPF. ISRAfl . ORIENT . NY TGC Low 
cos l lloQhls. 1 ~36 S La Clcncga BI L A 
90035 1714) 135· 18 0< 1213) 652·2127 
13112) 

EUROPE ~ TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS BOOK EARLY . CIEE· 
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD IN· 
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12·4 pm 452·0030 131 12) 
SKI HEAVENLY VALLEY dUling quarter 
break March 21·26 5 All Day Lilt TIckels , 5 
N,tes lodgIng . CaSIOO Bullet Dinner & 
Par"es Galore all lor only S79.90 Tickels on 
sale at Student Center . ~1 1, 12·' , Mon 10 
Fit 

WANTEd 
WE A I Now Hlltng . $5 .00 HR, 3 shillS; 9-1 , 
1·5.5·9 Interviews Man 4 p.m g Thurs 4 '00 
p.m . 7841 Balboa Ave .. SO. Ca. (216) 

Need extra cash? Buying otd U.S. coins . Atso 
buYing U.S. silver coins minted belo<e 1965. 
Ken. 453·7924 . (3/12) 

Maliluana retated research . Healthy males 
21·3510 Itve In hospi tat 26 cons days pays $ 
1213) 825-0094. (2/2) , 

PERSONAls 
Cowboy WIth a heart 01 gold , 1st wipe w lthis 
novel Fo< llee 1st chapler. send stamped 
envelope 10 Chartes Helmter. 743 Crest Rd . 
\)PI Mar 9201 4 13 /12). 

Cyndl and Patty' Thanks lor Ihe dough and 
the bottle Whe.e dId you get It? Thanks 
agalO . Dave 12/2) 

Ou rlda·Serenade your angel With a love 
song from your eves . Grow a lIH1e talle r 
Ouelldo (2/2) 

Wpalthy lamlly desHes 10 adopl caue. IOIant 
Fa. 11110 call 45~0873 (2/27) 

FOR SAlE -
Hansen exhIbition ski boot •. a"e·med used 
6 tIm S muSI crillce call J,m Iter 6 pm 
153·5224 12/2) 

Paug ·ot PX10LE Frame 531 Slle 21 I .. 
Rortle 1.1 10 'Iddl~ C-lmpy Clnetli $205 00 
1<.1077 J,k II)( Mark Slarrt2f4) 

CAT STEVENS CONCERT I lA FOlum Feb 2 
~ 3 Bettor prlC AND BETTER LOCATIONS 
than 111 compelltor 270·7856 (212) 

DAVID BOWIE CONCERT' Choice lloor seats 
at besl ~nces in SO. Call us lirsl. 27().7855 
(212) 

King sIZe bed. mattress box sp"ng , head 
board Reg SSOO· sell lor $1 50 Hm by 5 30, 
744 5615wk 452·4436 . ask for Connie (2/2) 

Bicycle (, regulalor 25" I.ame Raleigh S90. 
Mark VII exc. condo $90 Call Dave alter I P 
pm 459·0049. (21 4) 

Sylvania 19" color TV : Dynaco 120 amp . teac 
headphones. cot or bar ~ slgnat dol gener 
753.7621. 1214) . 

69 Vallan l 6 eyl. A IC Power br 1\ st St 100 
days· 453·2820 X345 Eves·46~6896 . (2/ I I) 

66 Dalsun 51. wgn $450 gOOd shape . 
economy transponal lon with large storing 
cap Evenings Bill 48IH991 . (2/2) 

BOWIe tlckels lor sale· Feb 13,-100 It . lrom 
stage mUSI sell I Call 452-9374 ask lor 
Brendal Patllela (212) 

D'Neill wet suil ex . cond. $20 diving wet suit 
plus hOOd $25. Call Brad 481 ·9832. (212) 

Stereo Panasonic am i 1m $40 BSR record $30 
speakers $20 Dodge Slallon Wagon 68 $750 

75~2333 Rob (212) 

Gemelnhardl plccoto lor sale. Was $25000 
now 5150. Also a kIln lur. $50. Call Heather 
2TO·6753 evenings. (2 12) 

You mean you haven' t bought your tickel yet 
lor EAB's dinner/dance on Valenti(1e's Day? 
Hurry· no mo<e tickets sold alter th iS Friday . 
S17 /eouple at the box olt lco . (2/2) 

1974 B210 Datsun excellent cOnd $2400755· 
8112 new lires just had maJO! tune·up (212) 

SuzukI TS lexc 1972 rebuilt enqlne Rebuilt 
C I)'urelor starts lsI kICk 542500 Mike 453· 
9".63(219) 

In<;lIlatt'd co rail , 0 eron ',ber',11 I rge alze 
G.""t lor skIers Or cyclt.I Sl8 John X3607 
(212) 

1 pall David Bowie lickets goat "Call 
454·7954 alter 8 ove . Ask lor Ste.... 4) 

70 VW VAN new engine , radial tires brakes 
starter . gen,'<alor all cooker 52. 1 ~5 00 JIm 
272·7462 (219) 

FREE GUPPIES Heallhy but ov.".crowded 
Itsh tank l Bllng a la •• Sue S 612 Argo . phone 
453·9236(212) 

Hansen exhibition ski boals , size·med used 
6 limes must sacrlllCe call JIm alter 6 pm 
753-5224 . (212) 

KIng sIZe bed , mattress box sprIng. head 
board reg . .$SOO. sell lor $150. Hm. by 5 '30. 
744·5615 wk 452·4436. ask lor Conme . (212) 

lOST 6. FOUNd · 
FOUND·surlboard near MUII·apl. 453-9663 
(212) 

To who ever lound my keys and called me to 
say they were at the n oltlce , what hap· 
pened? Ken 583·2536 (2/2) 

LOST·Gold rin g with Initials GI on lOP . Lost 
al tab le by the Side Door. II lound ellt ~2· 
1876 or bring to Triton Times all Ice. (2/ 2) 

LOST-one gold CroSS Call Nancy ~2.()659. 
(212) 

LOST Tex Instrument SR50 In MandevI lle 
aud or Revelle cala Reward

' 
Call Jim 56(1. 

1645 nldentityI21~) 

LOST Unlcom·Rockweit 202SR ""Iculato' 
Lost on Jan 28 In APM computer room For 
510 r ward call 453-0467 (2/2) 
.. 

FOUND OP 8)'8 book pICk up , Mike F.r"" In 
TT (212) 

February 2, 1171 • rl'oll '1111('8 
Men's VB Stops UCI in Five 

By Ron Kato 
Staff Writer 

" It was the best overall game 
we've played in my coaching 
tenure at UCSD," said fourth year 
volleyball coach Jeff Go,!ell of. the 
Tritons performance Friday mght 
against UC Irvine. 

The men's volleyball ~am, 
playing before a large crowd In the 
main gym, won its first league 
match of the 1976 season by 
downing Irvine in the best three-
out-of-five games, 15-5, 14-16, 15-8, 
4-15, and 1:),,9. 

UCSD off to a surprisingly fast 
start behind the serves of Bob 
Rhodes and John Blumenshine 
consistently caught UCI off guard, 
on their way to a 15-5 victory . 

In the second game, the Tritons 
were able to take an early 2-0 lead 
when I rvine, on a substitution 
infrac tion, forfeited their serve. 
The score was soon tied at two, 
and a ga in at three apiece before 
Irvine moved out in front 6-4. A 
controversial line judgement all 
going against Irvine aided the 
Tritons as they were able to tie up 
the game at 6-6. The two teams 
were tied on seven different oc-
casions and the lead exchanged 
hands twice late in the competition 
before Irvine nudged out the 
victory. 

The third game opened with 
UCSD quickly falling behind 4-0. 
The team then began to spark 
when captain Tim Myrick scored 
on four consecutive serves. UC-
SD's offensive attack however, 
was paced by the spiking of hitter 
Bruce Cazden who eventually led 
to the 15-8 victory for the Tritons. 

In the ensuing fourth contest 
Irvine whipped San Diego 15-4, 
fo rcing the match into the fifth 
game. 

Things couldn't have gone more 
smoothly for the Tritons in the final 
encounter as they pulled out toa 11-
o lead. John Lee and Wendell 
Birkhofer, after containing a 
desperate nine point Irvine rally, 
showed why coach Gorrel com-
mended their performances for the 
entire match. UCSD was able to 
hold onto their lead as they went on 
to win by a six point margin . 

Both coaches, Skip Roland of 
Irvine and Gorrell of UCSD agreed 
that their respective teams went 
into momentary mental lapses 
resulting in the non-unifonnity of 
play. 

Coach Gorrell, pointing out that 
the next home game will be on Feb. 
18 against Cal Poly Pomona added, 
" It was pleasing to see the en-
thusiasm of our fans and [ would 
like to thank them for their suI>' 
port." 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES . 
'SANDIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phooe 583-LIFE 24 hrs 

Free counlleling, study roo~ 
and speakers 

Bob Rhoades (9) leaps high above a teammate and an 
opponent to spike the ball over the net . UCSO's men's 
volleyball team dropped UCI in five games Friday night. 
ITT Photo ; Nathan Meyers) 

Guards Total 50 

Melvin, Mitchell Help 
Destroy PC, 118-77 

Guards Mallory Mitchell and 
Ken Melvin combined for 50 points 
and countless razzle-dazzle plays 
as UC San Diego's ' varsity 
basketball team destroyed Pacific 
Christian, 118-77, Saturday night in 
the main gym. 

In a game the Tritons never 
trailed, the Deacons fell behind 
ea rly, and were never within 15 
points after the first 10 minutes. 

The Tritons evened their NAIA 
District 3 Southern Division ledger 
to 2-2, whil~ Pacific Christian fell 
to 0-4. The Deacons have had the 
misfortune of playing their first 
four conference games on the road, 
and are winless. The Tritons, 
meanwhile, have won six of their 
last eight games, and have taken 
their last two league battles. 

As promised, coach Barry 
Cunningham used his three guard 
offense extensively. Melvin, 
MitcheIJ, and Bart Bradley started 
the contest, and quickly began 
bombing the Deacons from out-

Cunningham tried a full court 
press, which seemed to catch 
Pacific Christian by surprise. 

Immediately Mitchell stole a 
pass, and scored a lay-up. Melvin 
intercepted the next inbounds pass, 
scored. lind finished a three-point-
play with a free throw. Center Ly le 
Smith scored a lay-up seconds 
later, and the game was suddenly 
out of reach for the Deacons. 

UCSD led by just 17, 54-37, at the 
half, but put the game away ea rly 
in the second half. Most of the 
regula rs came out with about six 
minutes to play, and all of the 
substitutes got into the game and 
scored. 

The Tritons hit the lOO-point 
mark with four minutes left, when 
forward Doug Skidmore drove the 
length of the floor for a lay-up, and 
then scored a free throw. The final 
total of 118 was the highest of the 
season for UCSD, 

Smith made a complete effort for 
side. Seven minutes into the ga~m~er' ~~::I~;~;i~~ 8 

Pageseveu 

Sports Notebook 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

The Pro Scene 
Casually known in these parts as 

AWSOO, the Andy Williams San 
Diego Open is nearly ready to go 
for the ninth time. 

Action will be at the Torrey 
Pines golf course, just seconds 
north of UCSD, Feb. 11-15. The 
defending champion is J.C. Snead, 
but the winner this year, accordirg 
to me, will be either Ben Crenshaw 
or Bobby Nichols. Just watch. 

Others in the star·studded line-
up who are expected to appear, are 
Jolmny Miller, Jack Nickla us, Tom 
Weiskopf, Gene Littler, Billy 
Casper, Al Geiberger, Tom Wat-
son, Dave Stockton, and many, Johnny M . at Torrey P ines 
many more. 

The Pm-Am' competition will be Feb. 11 , with stars including Bob Hope, 
E~e! Knievel, J e rry Lewis, Flip Wilson, and Mr . AWSDO himself, Andy 
Wilhams. Pro-Am entries by those with some athletic ability, are Joe 
Morgan, Randy Jones, Don Sutton, Don Drysdale, and Pancho Gonzales. 

Wi.th $180,000 on the line, play will continue for the next four days, with 
the fmal round Sunday, Feb. 14 on the South Torrey Pines course. 

Tickets, if purchased in advance, are $4 for each weekday, and $5 for 
Saturday or Sunday ... 

With McDonald's owner Ray Kroc having control of the Padres Jack-
in-the-Box must have felt a true need to get in the sports picture. ' 

So, Jack is spo'1Soring the Indoor Games, a track meet scheduled for 
Feb. 21 in the San Diego Sports Arena. 

A large group of record-holders will turn out for the evening. Already 
accepting invita tions ha ve been Dwight Stones (high jump), Randy 
Williams (long jump), John Walker (mile run ), Dan Ripley (pole vault) 
and Francie Larrieu (women's mile ) . ' 

Tickets for the tenth annual event, ac~ording to Jack, are available 
almost everywhere ... 

According to a source close to the San Diego Friars of World Team 
Tennis, the team has Rod Laver " 80 per cent signed." 

The source says that the squad has dispatched owner Allan Kingston to 
Philadelphia , where the Rocket is now playing, to sign him. Laver al>' 
parently has agreed to monetary terms, and would like to play WIT. The 
only problem is that he wants to just play 380f the team's 42 matches, and 
a WTT rule forces all newly signed players to play in all of his/her team's 
matches. 

Acc?,rding to the same source, 1976 could be the final year for WTT in 
San DJego, no matter how well the team does financially . The team would 
be sold and moved after this season. 

TJ:Ie entire league has beefed up its product with several new signings. 
Chns Evert, Ille Nastase, and Martina Navratilova, three of the world's 
best players, are under contract to Phoenix Hawaii and Cleveland 
respectively. The league has also scrapped the " Spectacular" format' 
and now each team will have 22 home matches. ' 

-r:he Fria~ will remain at the Sports Arena, while the Los Angeles 
Strmgs, which are now trying to sign John Newcombe, have moved to 
Inglewood's " Fabulous Forum" from the LA Sports Arena .. . 

The Mariners, in the middle of a mediocre season are home twice this 
week. Minnesota is the opponent Wednesday night' and Cleveland is in 
Thursday night... ' 

U.C., SAN DIEGO CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD p .... nt. 

1)on mcLeod 
the modern mime 
Feb. 4, Wednad.y, 8 pm 
M.ndevtlle Auditorium 

UCSD .t. 12.50 G. A. S3.50 
Ticket.: UCSD Box Offtce 452-4090 ~ 



... 

Mean Streets ... 
erupted fight in 'a pool-hall; the 
gloomy overhead exterior shots 
that seem to squash the neiglr 
borhood; the non-stop rock songs 
which provide an "operatic" un-
derpinning; the contrast between 
the lurid, gaudy neon bathing of 
interior lighting and the dark, 
brackish exterior scenes-all show 
a film maker determined to pump 
his work with continual energy. 

This also shows in his method of 
directing actors. "Mean Streets" 
has the best improvisation I 
have seen in an American movie. 
&orsese's use is far more credible 
than either Cassavetes' or Alt-
man's who seem to intimidate their 
performers into saying stupid 
things for the sake of arbitrary 
naturalism. Scorsese cajoles his 
actors into performing at the peak 
of their capabilities. Each is 
remarkably at ease with their 
tasks, particularly the leads, 
Keitel and De Niro. 

Keitel keeps everything in check, 
sifting through a variety of 

emotions he finds hard to control 
as he is forced to confront a wide 
range of emotions. He is humble 
and reverent around his Mafia 
uncle, pimping and prancing 
around his friends, and nervously 
agitated around his lover. 

De Niro, on the other hand, never 
stops pimping and prancing. Even 
when he breaks down in pressured 
defensiveness towards the end, he 
quickly regains his veneer of the-
hell-with-it boisterousness. He 
gives a virtuoso performance that 
is cagy, spry, mullish , hot-
tempered, and eminently en-
tertaining. He could very well be 
the best screen actor in America . . 
Hopefully, Scorsese's new "Taxi 
Driver" will provide proof ofthat. 

In any case, "Mean Streets" is a 
movie that puts practically all 
others to shame in the pull of its 
emotionalism. It is rough, ragged, 
impulsive, discursive, and lumpy. 
Nevertheless, it is a masterpiece; 
a very authentic one. 

LA JOLLA MUSIC 
.tB!.-. "WH'" TH. 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 
\ 

* 

* 

* 
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

MAlOtI .. HAIIIUM 'IICI 15 II~HT" 

~ SHEET MUSIC· RECORGS LESSONS · RENTALS - REPAIRS · TRADES ARMSTRONG 0"0i' 9:SOA.-It4 TO 7' .... DAILY S£lMEII BUNDY !!ENT TO OWN - -",...-- I --~--I 459·3375 
LUDWIG .....- lUI WAll IT. LA JOLLA 

* * * * * * * * , * * * * * * 

* 

• I 
MARCjl 21-2~ 

DURING- (lURRiEl< BWlI( 

5 ALlURY L' FrTiCKfT~ 
5 N \(?IHT~ LOD&INfT 
'tiEL-CO"£, filKlY 
2 "PIlNCE.S 
"WINE. ~ CHE.£$E. f},JtrY 
BUFFE.T ])'IlNE/{/h- StiHllltlf3 

TIC.I<.£T5 SOLb liT ~UDE/vT ~ 
(EDNIf) ~-11a.'JII, NOfT7t-11'r1. M-F 
J)eADLIN£ if R 20. I 7 

Fo( ttrollE. 
II'IFoltI'lIlTION CnLL: 

!f 55-8358 - "IKE. o~ ])0/1 
, .., URIA .K. CLU. 

• * • * * * ••••. • * 

* 
* 

* 
* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* . 

* 
.* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

* 

Moynihan ... 
There will be a Legislative Seminar 
held in Sacramento for Southern 
Cal College students on February 
22-24. If you are interested in 
attending or need more in-
formation, contact your college 
dean's office by February 6. 

Volunteers are n.eded for the 
MeAT Course. Stvdents who took 
the course last year and can 
volunteer their time, please contact 
Shirley Cunningham, X4253. 

ATTENTION PRE-MEDSI MCAT 
preparation course will meet ellery 
Wednesday, from 5-6 pm, in the 
Basic Science Building room 2100. 

Behind the simple lecturing of · 
the US mission in the UN, of 
course, is some harsh complexity. 
It seems silly for the US, which 
often seems to own the world, to ij) 
firmly oppose throwing the 
Palestinians, who own nothing, the i 
Gaza strip and the Golan Heights, 
twu strips of sand. The Mideast . 
desk and Moynihan may un-
derstand. I don't. 

But, internally, there is a 
dialectic going on in this country, 
and I think Moynihan sees it. For 
ghetto schools and Alabama's 
inhuman prisons, there has been 
the uncompromised authority of 
the US district courts. For a 
corrupt Administration, there was 
a newspaper. For an 
Administration with more of the 
same bad policies, there's a 
Congress that is, no matter how, 
waking up. 

The Third College Academic Anyone .. pl~nning to . ~ake. this 
AdviSing Office will be sponsoring cours~ IS ,"vlt~d to participate. For 
the fORUM (Focilitating and , more information coli 452-4253. 

Moynihan revels in this. Because 
it's amazing. 

Human beings nave rarely 
worked well together, and there 
have always been people who 
propose artificial restraintS and 
systems to force them to 
cooperate. Moynihan thinks we've 
hit upon a good one. Of course, 
changes have come 20, sometimes 
200 years after they were needed. 
But that's better than not at all, and 
no one says it can't be speeded up. 

Organizing the Redirection of 
Underclared Majors) Meeting on 
Wednesday in CR 104 from 6:30-
8:30. Information will be available 
on prospective major choices. 

Tomorrow the Third College 
Academic Advising Office will be 
holding a CHAT session in MC 412 
room 11 . All are invited to come 
and express any views, ideas or 
suggestions. The meeting is 
scheduled for 3 pm . 

Animals ... 
medical procedures for their 
animals. He also helps choose the 
right type of animal for a given 
experiment. . 

Questions from community 
veterinarians and telephone 
queries are also handled by 
Vanderlip and the Department of 
Animal Resrouces. 

Disabled Students ... 
in wheelchairs. Attempts are made to acquaint others with the problems 
of the disabled, and aid individuals with their projects. 

Real Experts 
A blind student at UC Irvine built a braille computer terminal for his 

computer science major. UC Riverside recently made a film ' about 
sexuality for the physically-limited, in response to the dehumanizing 
view some hold of the disabled. 

Rappaport's survey, the results of which will be published soon, was 
made to help answer two questions. Should there be a university-wide 
policy, concerning the admittance of disabled students and the 
modifications to be made for them? And, should all campus s make such 
adoptions, or should there be only a few schools to which the handicapped 
could attend? 

Rappaport himself concluded that there definitely should be a UC 
policy, formulated by a conference of all program co-ordinators. These 
co-ordinators, he felt, were the real experts in the matter, being much 
more knowledgeable than UC administrators or students like himself. 

All campuses should be opened to the physically-disabled, he believes, 
the only exception being UC Santa Cruz. UCSC, because of its moun-
tainous, wooded terrain could not be made accessible to many disabled 
students. 
r---..,.-------- - ---- -- -------

~ JJ 
'.7:::/ I 

", Headed for northern 
,/ California (or l.A.. Burbank. Long Beach. 

,..... Ontario)? Cali your campus rep or' PSA and 
.... - - - - - -' teil them Y9.U wtj"t II) hrl7Z off. PS_A gi~es you a lift. 

29· til lIeS 
·.day. 

HEI1P SELECT THE 
STUDENT REGENT 
Applications are now being taken for one 

under-graduate to serve on a regional 
nominating commission to screen applicants 

for the student regent. 
Pick up applications in the Student Center, 
2nd Floor North, tudent Organizations. 

rhe Deadline is February 6. 

ATIENTION PREMEDS I MCAT ap-
plications are now available in the 
Premed Office MC 412. Test 
deadline is March 29. 

Soccer players needed. No varSity 
experience needed. Call Doug at 
454-8435 or Rich at 270-9338. 

Tickets are now on sole for the 
Tahae and Mammoth ski trips at the 
Student Center. 

Brown ... 
message from his executive 
secretarv Grav Davis to Eu's of-
fice, in which the governor stated: 

" I have not made a decision to 
enter the Democratic primary. If I 
do I will let your office know." 

Brown's name may be added as 
late as April 5, when Eu's final 
listing for the June 8 primary 
ballot will be made. 

B-Ball ... 
the Tritons, adding 11 rebounds 
and seven assists to his seven 
points. As UCSD hit 59% from the 
field, Melvin led with 26 points, 
Mitchell had 24, Mark Dobransky 
17, Bradley 14, and Skidmore 13. 

Mitchell and Melvin drew most 
of the noise from the home crowd, 
coming up with passes, in-
terceptions, and dribbles in every 
form possible. 

The Tritons travel to the 
University of San Diego tomorrow 
night in a non-conference match, 
before meeting USIU Saturday 
night. 

CIl4BTEHS 
SAVE UP TO 50% in '76 

UROPE lromS299 * 
2-3-4-5-6. up to 24 wh. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 915 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEAtS on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 

0 ... ,..11 ,,~ II .11. 
291-8141 

' :D~u.~:l! 
... .., ( .. ..,,( f. 

MIllIOn Valley-£quotobIt Ildg 
1333 Camino del lio South 

5.0 .. CA 92108 
• Minimum fore which riH'. de-

on dote & length of flile. 

COMING TO lJOI) 
FEBRUARY 6 


