
GSU Votes to Postpone Indefinite Strike 

What Happens 
When You. Pay 
. Your Reg Fees 

by Robin DeRieux 
Staff Writer 

Once a quarter, students at-
tending UC San Diego pay $212 in 
fees, but probably few of these 
students are aware of what their 
money is used for and who decides 
where it will be spent. 

The $212 in fees consists of the 
following: a $100 Registration Fee, 
a $100 Educational Fee, a $6 
Student Center Fee and a $6 
Campus Activity Fee. 

Allocation of money going to all 
campus programs funded by 
student fees is the responsibility of 
the Advisory Committee for 
Student Fee Programs. 

Fourteen people make up the 
committee, seven administrators 
and seven students. It is co-
chaired by Vice-chancellor and 
Dean of Student Affairs George 
Murphy and Bob Simon, the 
student chairperson. 

Reg Fee Allocation 

The bulk of the conunittee's 
work goes into the aUocation of 
monies railed from the r~.Iee, 
totaling $2,677,000· in 1975. All 
student services not considered 
directly educational at UCSD are 
supported by reg fee funds. 

The student health service is 
allotted almost 30 percent of the 
reg fee budget, the largest single 
block of money given to anyone 
group. The reg fee also supports 
both intercollegiate and 
recreational athletics, counseling 
and psychological services, art 
presentations and lectures spon-
sored on campus. 

Nume rous other services 
provided on campus are supported 
through the fee, including payment 
of the salaries of some students 
employed by the university. 
Classified as state employees, 
these students receive state-
approved salary increases that 
must be absorbed by the reg fee 
fund, even though no correspon-
ding raise in the fee had been made 
since 1968. 
. This situation, coupled with the 

high rate of inflation, has subjected 
the fee to intense pressure, 
:elieved in the recent past only by 
Increasing enrollment at UCSD 
and extensive use of the 
educational fee in areas normally 
sUpported by the reg fee, Murphy 
said Wednesday. 

~elief through internal fund 
shifts, however, is only a tem-
porary solution, and enrollment is 
leveling off to the point where it 

~an no longer compensate for the 
Increase in inflationary costs, 
MUrphy said. He added that UCSD 
has reached that point. 

Outlook Not OptlmJsUc 

One of the alternatives to relieve 
pressure on the reg fee is to seek 
state funding for services that the 
university believes warrant state 
upport. This, however, has been 

unSuccessful in the past, and the 
oUll.oo~ for the future is not opo 
tlOllsbc, said Murphy. 

nother alternative is to use non-
slate fundi ng sources to help share 
th \ xp nses presently borne by 

ontlnaed on Page 8 

IT pho.togr~R.her ~athan Meyers, as sensitive about his name as 
one can be, spied this discrepancy in sIgns marking Matthew's 
campus' Myers Dr. 

City Can't Afford Black's; 
State Won't Allow Nude Zone 

San Diego City manager Hugh 
McKinley thinks Black's Beach 
should not continue as the only 
legal swimsuits optional beach in 
the country. 

McKinley's recommendation to 
the San Diego city council came 
after the state's rejection of a city 
request to move the swimsuit 
optional zone nQrth into state-
owned property. 

McKinleys report of last 
Tuesday said the California Park 
and Recreation Commission has 
ruled out the use of state beaches 
for swimsuits optional zones. 

Last month, the city manager's 
office had recommended that 

Black's Beach be closed to nude 
bathing if the state could not in-
clude the zone on their property. 

Major Complaint 
In a report prepared by Deputy 

City Manager John Johnson , 
McKinley's office said the city 
could not afford to upgrade 
sanitary and parking facilities at 
Bla<;k's, a major complaint from 
critics of the nude beach. 

The city says that improvements 
to bring Black's up to par with 
other city beaches could cost as 
much as $1 million. 

Continued on Page 3 

MeDlbers to Begin 
'Work-to-Rule' Action 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

The Graduate Student Union 
(GSU) postponed their indefinite 
strike by a nearly unanimous vote 
last night. 

The strike, scheduled to start 
Monday, was put off after a 
unanimous recommendation from 
the union's Steering Committee to 
replace it with a " work-ta-rule" 
action, in which teaching 
assistants would stringently follow 
university guidelines on the nature 
of a TA position. 

(The UC Policy and Procedure 
manual directs students hired at 50 

Rotenberg Claims 
Substantial Progress 
Toward GSU Goals 

Acting Dean of Graduate Studies 
Manuel Rotenberg, who served as 
the administration representative 
in the recently concluded 
negotiations between the Graduate 
Student Union (GSU) and the 
administration, has sent a report of 
those sessions to Chancellor 
McElroy concluding that " sub-
stantial progress" has been made 
toward me.eting the GSU's major 
demands. 

However, GSU media contact 
Dan Rosen said yesterday that 
while he has " no qualms" about 
Rotenberg's report, the 
negotiations did not address 
themselves to major issues like 
class size or the number of 
teaching assistants to be hired next 
year. 

" It 's just a question of cash," 
Rosen said. 

The GSU met last night to con-
sider for the last time the strike, 
which is scheduled to start Mon-
day. At that meeting the union's 
negotiating committee will present 
its own report 011 the negotiations 
and outline strategy for the coming 
weeks. 

4 Demaods 

The four GSU I!emands include 
50 percent TA compensation for all 
graduate students, year long 
contracts for all graduate students 
signed the spring before, no in-
crease in class size and fee and 
tuition waivers for all grad 
students. 

Measures worked out during the 
negotiations include the extension 
of support for all grad students 
employed this quarter through the 
winter and spring quarters, year-
long contracts finalized the spring 
before, allowing for consultation 
between department heads and 
grad students about work loads 

Continued on Page 3 

percent FTE work 16 - 20 hours per 
week maximum; with a propor-
tionate scal for TAs hjred at lower 
FTE levels.) 

With approximately hali of its 
dues-paying members present, the 
GSU approved a priority list for 
their weekly teaching time : 

1) Section attendance and time 
spent preparing for section; 

2) Office hours ; 
3) Grading papers. 
In addition, the work-ta-rule 

motion directed T As to follow the 
UC Academic Procedures Guide 
which says that final grades must 
be given by faculty members, not 
TAs. The motion also stated that on 
papers T As find time to read no 
definite grade should be given, but 
instead a range of possible grades 
should be assigned. 

The Steering Committee did not 
recomment to postpone the strike 
because of progress made in 
negotiation sessions with the ad-
ministration, Rosen said. Rather, 
the choice wa1) made because the 
committee felt it neither had the 
necessary support from the 
4lliversity community nor the 
preparation for a sustained striKe. 

In jllustration of the latter point, 
the Steering Committee report sa id 
the GSU had not been affiliated 
with a larger union (it rejected 
affiliation with the American 
Federation of State, County and 
Municipal Employees union by a 
narrow vote in ovember) or 
gained membership on the San 
Diego Labor Council, two 
measures it viewed as crucial to 
the success of a strike. 

The report stated that while the 
union's strength was great enough 
to win its demands in part, it must 
" be greater in order to exert 
sufficient pressure at the state-
wide level to secure our demands 
in their entirety. " 

Members supporting the 
proposal emphasized that the 
work-ta-rule action was not a 
substitute for a strike, but should 
be considered a tactical move in 
preparation for a strike. They felt 
the work-ta-rule concept would 
more effectively illustrate what 
they consider serious academic 
problems at UCSD to faculty and 
undergraduates. 

It would " wear down faculty" by 
forcing them to grade students, one 
union organizer said. This tactic, 
several members pointed out, 
would be effective in that it would 
hit the worst-off departments 
hardest. 

In addition, work-ta-rule would," 
in the words of one member, 
"channel the anger of un-
dergraduates." When a TA refuses 
to help an undergraduate because 
he has already worked his allotted 

ontinued 00 Page 2 

Bond for DC in '76. 
A representative of the University of California has told the state 

legislature that UC will not seek a health ciences bond issue for the 
1976 ballot. . 

Clinton C. Powell, UC special assistant to th president for health 
affairs, told the State Senate and Assembly Select Committ s on 
Health Sciences Education recently that U has had to modify its 
original plans for expansion. 

~he 1972 bond is ue passed by voters allowed the university to 
raise up to $155.9 miJlion to expand facilities for U h alth sCIence 
programs. Though projects now underway at UC San Diego have been 
procee~ng without difficulty, according to Pow 11, pro rams at other 
campuses have run into obstacles. 

Powell told the legislators that litigation regarc.bng nvironmental 
problems has delayed the Moffitt Hospital moye nization and the · 
School of Denti try project. 

Continuing DUll uUI 



Sitting a Sign of a Closed Mind 
I . 

In reference to Gianna Oscuro's 
letter (,IT, Jan. 5) concerning 
President Saxon, I do not view the 
behavior of those students as 
" understandable." Spitting on 
another person, part of the 
behavior witnessed at that rally, is 
barbarian, disgusting, and, most 
importantly, does not accomplish 
anything. Furthermore, I do not 
know of too many children who 
kick their parents in the shins when 
they don't get their way. 

Also, in regard to the opposition 
expressed at the CIA's desire to 
come to the UCSD campus - the 
CIA is an organization and just 
because you don't agree with its 
goals or the way in which it at-
tempts to accomplish its aims 
doesn't make it right to bar other 
students who are interested in the 
CIA and/or working for it from 
hearing what the CIA has to offer. 
One of the things that a university 
is supposed to instill in people is an 
open-mind, which is so necessary 
for learning. Passing out 

write a letter 

literature and holding rallies is one infringement of one's liberty and I 
thing - but to actively try to prevent resent it. . 
others from seeing a group is an RENEE SClflPPER 

.Consideration 
Professor Michael Parrish 

correctly reports that the present 
socia I order in America is not 
without its faults , many of them 
significant. His solution, in theory, 
likewise sounds credible. 

But theories and idealisms 
cannot exist without the human 
factor, the element which 
inevitably is responsible between 
the disparities of theory and ap-
plication of any social discipline. 
Parrish grades the system on these 
disparities as if unique to our way 

of government. 
The Marxian theory of mutual 

sacrifice and social co-operation of 
a people and the results of the 
present social order in Marxist 
countries today surely deserves 
some attention in Parrish's o\). 
servation since the notion of 
perspectiveness seems a valid 
measuring stick of historical 
analysis. 

STEVE SCHAEFER 
MUmCOLbEGE 

The Triton Times is recogn ized by the Communicotions Boord of UCSDas the 
official student newspaper. Publication is on Mondays. Wednesdays and 
Fridays during the regular school year (except on official hol idays). Editorial 
and business offices are located in 117 Bloke Hall on the Revelle College 
campus, UniverSity of California, Son Diego. 

letters to the Editor ond opinion columns ore welcomed. All submissions 
should be typed- on a 74'5poce line an nonerasable paper. They should nat 
exceed three pages in length double.spaced. The Triton Times reserves the 
right to edit submissions because of space l im itations or style requirements. 

For editorial . call 452·3-466; for business and display advertisement., call 
452·3468. 

How to Cli re Cancer 
By Mark McCarty 

Student, UCSD School of Medicine 

A relatively simple matter, 
really. 

First, selectively acidify the 
cancer tissue by means of an ar-
tificially indut'ed (by continuous 
glucose infusion) hyperglycemia 
maintained for several hours . 
Labelize lysosomes in the cancer 
tissue with vitamin A injections, 
whole body hyperthermy (which 
will result spontaneously if 
hyperglycemia and hyperoxia of 
sufficient intensity are maintained 
for over four hours ), reduction of 
tumor pH, and perhaps additional 
agents such as dimethylsulfoxide. 
Then hit the tumor with a small 
triggering dose of radiation or a 
chemotherapeutic agent (to which 
the tumor cells may be selectively 
sensitized by an improvement in 
substrate supply resulting from the 
hyperglycemia and inhalation of 
high partial pressure oxygen). 
Continue the hyperglycemia over 
24 hours or more, during which 
time, if su££icient tumor 
acidification and initial cell kill 
have been achieved, the tumor will 
self-destruct. 

Mark McCarty 
Cl, vitamin A, and an after-
injection of BCG, 85 % of the mice 
so treated experienced complete 
tumor regression and apparent 
cure from only a single treatment. 
Comparable results were obtained 
in a number of other mouse and rat 
tumor systems. (These results 
were publ ished in 1970, since which 
time von Ardenne's work has 
remained almost totally unknown 
in the US) . 

The first clinical results from 
East Germany show that, by 
means of von Ardenne's methods, 
remissions can be obtained in 
various tumors with doses of 
radiation less than 25 % (as low as 
8%) of that formerly required~ 
furthermore, his treatment 
methods seem to be non-toxic in 
humans. 

GSU ... 
hours for that week, the GSU plans 
to provide coruplaining sheets, 
which will gq to the class professor, 
the department chairman and Vice 
Chancellor and Dean of Academic 
Affairs Paul Saltman. 

With these sheets, the GSU 
presumably hopes to have records 
showing how many TAsareneeded 
as opposed to the number actually 
employed. 

Who Cries for Greggl 
By Riebard Sieve .. 

Luis "Tato" Rivera was killed by mistake. It shouldn't have hap. 
pened. It was a tragedy. It's always tragic when a young man dies 
before his life has really begun. 

Gregg Cline died rec~Uy. He was sixteen years old, just a kid. A 
white kid, living in the South Bay. 

A policeman, doing what he thought was his duty, shot Tato. The 
officer thought Tato had conunitted a crime. Tato was running away 
at the time. . 

Gregg was walking home from a soccer practice with a friend. A 
gang of Chicanos hollered something at him. Gregg holler:ed it back. 
One of the Chicano youths wanted to take up the matter personally. 
Gregg's friend held the crowd at a distance. Combat de deux. 

Fists and insults at first, then the Chicanos drew a knife. Gregg 
turned to run. He was unarmed. He slipped and fell. The Chicano 
stabbed him in the heart and left him to die. Gregg died, bleeding on 
the street. 

Racial violence is not uncommon in the schools where Gregg and I 
attended. It is the sort that doesn't make the papers. Lunch money 
taken after a flash of stiletto and a punch in the stomach. Gangs in 
hallways, you walk through and before you know it you're kicked back 
and forth. It's like a production line of constant terror, go in one end 
fine and come out the other bruised and broke. 

The facuity and administration look the other way. The o.nly ones 
who pay attention are the victims. T~ ones who come home, hearts 

pounding with ethnic hatred, and voices calling for vengeance, and 
eyes spewing fear and determination. Unnecessary violence, un-
necessary hatred. 

There were plenty of committees and protesters when Tato was 
killed. They called for the resignation of the chief of police, suspension 
of the police officer, changes. They called the problem racist per-
secution of Chicanos by white policemen, a social problem. It made 
head lines a Il over. 

1'ato's death proved the existence of a problem. It was a 
dramatization of a political issue. It was the springboard for political 
action. 

Gregg's death made B-4 in the San Diego Union. About four column-
inches. 

Tato was killed by accident by an officer doing what he thought was 
his job. Gregg was murdered on the street, for being there. 

Investigation and reports and speeches surrounded the issue of 
National City's police using the .357 magnum. " Take away the guns of 
the pigs," said one man. Disarm the officers of the peace. 

Nobody said anything about disarming street killers. Nobody talked 
about the use of excessive force in the killing of Gregg Cline. 

Reactions to Gregg's death? A Supermarket of unconce'm: 
CaIPIRG : Not our department. 
SCAR: We don't carry that color. 
Natty Dread Collective : Closed. Please Call Again . . 
School Officials : It's a tragedy, but our hands are tied. See the 

managers. 
Police: We can get a conviction, maybe. But it won't stick. Go up-

stairs. , 
Courts: We don't punish youthful offenders. We rehabilitate them. 
Hundreds of people showed up for Tato's funeral. Relatives, friends , 

protesters, activists, committee representatives. A lot of people 
cared. 

Who shQwed up for Gregg? Where are the activists, protesters, ad 
hoc committees, investigations, review boards? Where is all the 
humanitarian concern? 

A I)oy was spiked on the street in cold blood. It was the tip of an 
iceberg of a social problem. And nobody gives a damn. 

There are one hell of a lot of hypocrites around here. 

How so, you may ask. The an-
swer . is distressingly simple. 
Lysosomal enzymes released by 
those cells killed by the triggering 
attack will be activated by the 
lowered tumor pH, and will attack 
the outer membranes of neigh-
boring cells. These cells in turn 
will lyse, releasing their lysosomal 
enzymes, etc. Not even tumor 
capilla ries will be safe from the 
depradations (If the marauding 
enzymes. Such carnage results 
that the onlf other natural 
phenomenon tc which it properly 
might be comyared would be a 
game betwern the Pittsburg 
Steelers and the San Diego 
Chargers. 

If you are interested in cancer 
therapy and have some knowledge 
of basic biochemistry, I would urge 
you to read my fully referenced 
paper, "New r cts in Cancer 
Therapy," which may well contain 
the first detailed English language 
summary of von Ardenne's-work; 
it is on reserve in the Bio-Medical 
Library under " ArdelUle," along 
with xerox copies of several of von 
Ardenne's fundamental papers 
(auf Deutsch). I also have a few 
copies for personal loan. English 
translation of many of von 
Ardenne's papers exist somewhere 
in Washington, DC, and Gary Hahn 
and I are manuevering to get 
copi s of them for the UCSD Bi~ 
Med Library. 

John H. Taylor 
EdItor·1n-chlef 

Staff wrlten 
RanAnbar 

Betsy Chiment 
Brian Davia 

Robin DeRiellll 
Steve Esmedina 

Cathy Fitzmaurice 

Special writers 
Charles Heimler 

Greg Hicks 
Edward Simons 

This techniql.e )S not my idea, 
unfortunately, hut that of Manfred 
von Ardenne, an East German 
scientist who, incidentally, also 
invented the Russian atomic bomb. 
The results b.~ has obtained in 
animal systems are quite im-
pressive. For example, when a 
dose of 80 mg/kg 
cyclophosphamide was ad-
ministered to mice with spon-
taneous mammary adenocar-
cinoma, no significa nt life 
prolongation re ulted. When only 
25 mg/kg cyclophosphamide was 
administered in conjunction with 
hyperglycemia, whole body 
hyperthermy (of only 40 degrees • solid tumors 

Mark WoellJer 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J. Lowen 
Community Editor · 

Dave Elsen 
ports editor 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

Anne Uebler 
Copy editor 

Kenzie Nicoll 
Business Manager 

Daniel hawler 
Arts editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Oui 'e manager 

Bullae .. 
Theresa Bish 
Lauren Davis 

Ron Kato Doug Mooney 
Frank Kazerskl Damien Moore 

Margaret Krueger Kenzie Nicoll 
Tim M.acKenzie 

Alan Russell 
ScottSadil 
Bob Steiner 

Ken Stipanov 

Photography 
CharlesEu 
Paul Jarvis 

Nathan Meyer 
Cary Thompson 

Paul Wagner Distribution 
Debora Weber BlII Wilson 

Production 
Shauna Stokes 
Kristill Webb 

Friday, JaDuaryt, 1171 • rI.fN ••• OM'S Page 3 

At Large 
John H. Taylor 

To)'1l "K" U 
Welcome to San Diego, 'America's Finest City,' certain unfortunate 

radical elements notwithstanding. We've got a nice zoo, a quaint border 
town and all sorts of good lore. Kodak is glad to have you with us. 

There IS an Alternative: The Coop Bookstore 
We've got good clean politics, too. Oh, sure, there were some strange 

hints'during the ITT/convention mess but, after all, that was a simple 
business transaction the press misrepresented in one of its recent 
disruptions of Free Enterprise. 

We argue about controlled growth vs . no growth vs. open growth. We 
cluck at Los Angeles for urban sprawl, we shake ourfinger at New York 
and point to our city budget, which is strained but mostly healthy. 

We have a nice, marunade bay, the only hotel where you can let 
chickens and rabbits into your room, La JoUa and the University of 
California. 

La Costa? Oh, that's up north. 
Unfortunately it appears San Diego - with its calm, restrained and 

conservative atmosphere - has been the playground for the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation's new games: How to Tum Two Radical Left 
Organizations .Against Each Other, and ~ow to Destroy the Radical Left 
Through the Radical Right. 

Both games are ideal for San Diego play, the popular view of the local 
activist being none too complementary to begin with. Add a major press 
that was noncompetitive - and at least until recently conservative, 
patronizing and lazy - with a string of Neanderthal sheets up the coast to 
Oceanside, and you have the perfect ptace to try out new schemes to 
break the laws and violate the civil liberties of citizens in ways you never 
thought were possible in America. 

by Cathy Fitzmaurice 
Staff Writer 

The Coop Bookstore operates 
quietly in an obscure corner of UC 
San Diego, in a small room next to 
Revelle's informal lounge, west of 
Revelle's cafeteria. 

This used-book store, managed 
by Robin Mitchell and nine other 
people, operates on consignment. 
Students bring in whatever books 
they want to sell, name the price 
(to which the store adds a 10 
percent operating fee ) and return 
within a few months to perhaps 
find a nest egg. Most books are 
sold for a little above 50 percent of 
the original price. 

The store deals mostly in text-
books, but has a great deal of 
recreational reading, including an 

entire shelf of " really cheap 
books." There is a large supply of 
foreign language books, as well as 
a collection of used records. 

Books in the store are arranged 
by subject matter, with almost all 
departments covered. 

" Semi-volunteers" 

The store is run by "semi-
volunteers" who every week divide 
the ten percent earned. In times of 
heavy business, like the first weeks 
of school, individuals can earn two 
dollars an hour. By the end of the 
quarter, however, they are down to 
40 cents an hour. 

According to Mitchell, they 
continue working there because 
"they feel they are doing a service 
to the students as the UCSD 

Frontiers of law enforcement. Makes you long for the Roman Empire. 
The first revelation emerged Sunday. The FBI, it seems in the name of 

Peace and Good Will, provoked two black organizations - the Panthers 
and US - against each each other in 1969. The FBI's James B. Adams 
:you can hardly blame him: one must hedge, I suppose, when confronted 
with one's own savagery) said the campaign began after the violence did, 
though the LA Times' Ronald J. Ostrow and Narda Zacchinoshowed that 
the FBI first proposed a cartoon insulting the Panthers that was to be 
attributed to US three months before the first serious instance of 
violence-the killing of the Panthers' John Arthur Savage. 

Nutritional Quality of UCSD 
Food is Subject of Study 

The violence continued for three months. In a memo to Hoover from the 
San Diego office, the FBI took credit. Gleefully. 

We knew about Cointelpro. We knew about J. Edgar Hoover's rather 
wa rped vendetta against Martin Luther King, Jr. 

But. .. yes, that's right. We're talking about San Diego here, team. Rah-
rah. 

Of course, most of the press clucks, in unison. Civil libertarians all, 
they do not excuse the violent intentions of some radicals, but oppose the 
methods used. 

Sure they do. They're subject to the same tactics. Alas, governmental 
covert activity against the press is not uncommon. And there are certain 
legisla tive challenges to the notion of the free press cropping up here and 
there. Might as well get in a few feeble slurps for free speech while 
there's some left. 

Of course, soon newspapers may be the only organizations left that 
recognize it when they see it, only because they're not much good without 
it. 

This is not to say all newspapers opposed the tactics. Don C. Lapham, of 
the progressive San Dieguito Citizen, wrote this week that we need more 
men like Hoover to track down these radicals. Knee jerks, we are. When 
violence-preaching radical groups pop up, it's the FBI's duty to put them 
down again. 

Which brings us to o.ur second game. 
•• • 

Here, playtime is from about 1971 to the summer of 1972. Following the 
happy demise of the Minutemen, a gang of right-wing, half-bright nuts 
who decided the county seat would be in Peking by 1!NJO unless ltIey 
stepped in, there was formed the Secret Army Organization (SAO) from 
the same unblemished stock. The SAO's procedures were outlined in the 
Jan. 9 issue of New Times - that slick, undisciplined and irreverent 
newsmagazine that always seems to break a good story at least once a 
month - by Peter Biskind. 

In a nutshell, says Biskind, the SAO apparently was to have been 
content to line up soldiers, propagandize and wait for the red wave until 
the FBI planted fireman Howard Berry Godfrey - who is, by the way, not 
your most stable individual- in the SAO. 

Godfrey, in his supposedly passive role of informer, militarized the 
group. The SAO began threatening activist Peter Bohmer - a popular 
economics professor who was fired from SDSU after three committees 
decided there was no good reason to fire him - shot one of Bohmer's 
friends, firebombed cars, made death threats and so on: 

Continued on Page 8 

The California Public Interest 
Research Group (CaIPmG) is 
slated to begin a study on the 
nutritional content of the food 
served in the dining halls and 
snack bars at UC San Diego. 

The study, scheduled to begin in 
February, is being conducted by 
the local board of CaIPIRG, in 
conjunction with the Housing and 
Food Services Administration and 
the Black Students Union. 

Initiated by Mark Brekhus, a 
student intern working out of the 
Housing and Food · Services 
Administration and a member of 
CaIPIRG, this project will involve 
a study of the calories, car-
bohydrates, and fats of all the food 
served on campus, According to 
Brekhus, there are .approximately 
6,000 items that must be re-
searched, including recipes for 
cookies, the frosting used on cakes, 
and the contents of salad 
dressings, just to mention a few . 

Brekhus stated that much of the 
success of the study will depend on 
the number of volunteers that can 
be recruited from the univer:;ity 
community. Because of the 
number of food items involved , a 
large number of people will be 
needed to investigate them all. It 
was the hope of Brekhus that the 
number of volunteers would be 
large enough so that the study of 
the vitamin and mineral content 
could also be done. 

The goals of the study include : 
1) informing the student body 
about nutrition in general; 2) 
facilitating use of this information 

u.c. SaCONTEMPORARY~ 
CHAMBER ENSEMBLE 

directed by ARTIIUR WEISBURG 
" d , . ,,, 
. .. au mg. The New York Time 

" . thrilling - mwt see" The Village Voice 
8:30 pm' Saturday , January 17 

Mandcy·lle Auditorium 
uc 0 ST: 82.50 ' GA: 4.00 
TICKET ' : UCSD Box Office INFO: 452-4090 

by posting menus with the 
nutritional content listed; 3) 
setting up nutritional guidelines for 
the Food Services Administration 
to follow; and 4) conducting a 
testing program to insure that 
current menus conform to the 
guidelines set up by this stUdy. 

An organizational meeting is 
scheduled for January 13 at 7:00 
pm in the North Conference Room 
of the Student Center to enlist 
volunteers. 

GSU ... 
and giving first priority to con-
tinuing grad students for future 
employment. . 

In addition, possible conflict 
between the Council of Chancellors 
(COC) and the Council of Graduate 
Deans (CGD) emerged over the 
issue of tuition and fee waivers for 
grad students. In the past the COC 
rejected that plan as being un-
timely, but the CGD, Rotenberg 
reported, is backing the Saxon plan 
which would require grad students 
to pay full tuition and fees until 
they achieve candidacy. 

Provisions were also made for a 
set grievance procedure for 
'problems relating to year-long 
contracts. Under the new 
procedures, if such grievances 
cannot be worked out with the 
department chairman, first, and 
the graduate studies dean, second, 

. it will be mediated by a committee 
composed of graduate students, 
faculty and administration. 

CIIJHTEHS 
SAVE UP TO 50% in '76 

EURQPE from'29g * 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 2~ wtn. 

·APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 915 Flighb but: 
LIMITED SEATS on long 
and summer flights '0 
book today for '76 

~ .. aU "-" I. all. 
291-8141 

DJ!,4.~~:~ 
/lin .... VolIoy- Equltoblt Ild!! 

1333 C_ino del Rio SouttI 
S.D., CA 92101 

• Minimum fore which ri... d.. 
pendent on dote & length of IIite. 

Bookstore is a rip-off and there are 
no other bookstores on campus." 

The store was started several 
years ago by a campus fraternity, 
which has since dissolved. It was 
taken over by a student, Rick 
Drom, and for a short time was 
situated in the bottom of Blake 
Hall. Since then it has expanded, 
moved to its present rent-free 
room (assigned to it by the Revelle 
Housing Board). 

Staff members would like to see 
the store g row, but this is notlikely 
in the near future. More student 
interest and volunteers are needed. 

Those who have brought books to 
the store in the past should see if 
they have been sold; the store 
keeps records over the years. 
Even if one loses his receipt it is 
possible for him to be paid, if he 
has a valid ID. 

Black's ... 
The city council is expected to 

act on the Black's Beach question 
by the end of the month. 

Councilman Lee Hubbard asked 
the council to reconsider the 
swimsuits optional status of the 
beach before the spring holidays, 
when the city traditionally has a 
large number of tourists. 

Hubbard voted against the 
swimsuits optional ordinance when 
it was passed early in 1974. 

Study the Issue 

The city council voted to have the 
city Park and Recreation Board 
study the issue in August when 
residents and oth~r opponents of 
the beach complained about the 
poor parking, sanitary and social 
conditions that had come about 
when the beach became a swim-
suits optional zone. 

Proponents of the swimsuits 
optional zone said that one in eight 
San Diego beach users is a nude 
sunbather and asked the Parks 
board to recommend even more 
nude bathing zones. 

The board , however, voted to 
retain the status quo but did 
recommend that the state assume 
the burden of the swimsuits op-
tional zone. 

However, environmental 
problems and the financial woes of 
the city have been cited by the city 
manager's office now as factors for 
terminating the ~wimsuits optional 
zone. 

DAVID BOWIE 
CAT STEVENS 
Tjckets Available 01 

Son Diega Ticket Sales 
273-4567 

We hove 'he only good leols In 'own 



The note was succinct: 
"Dear Ed-I've put out a contract on you. Love, Missy." 
Something inside told me it was over between us. More to the point, 

though, it was all over me. The hit man had come thrQugh; I was 
bleeding. 

As I lay in a casual, tastefully arranged heap on the floor, my life-juice 
flowing out of the hole in my chest at the rate of 72-spurts a minute (I 
meditate, man-nothing bugs me), I considered the course of my 
relationship with Missy. I lit a cigarette and reflected on the time we first 
met. 

I was younger then, two years ago. I had a three-day visa for La Jolla 
and decided to go to the inner city for a drink. , . 

Feeling depressed, I had gone to one of the m.ore rowdy places l? think 
about my future. In fact, it worked. After an hOur or so, I had dec:lded to 
drop my plam to go into the exciting field of computer programrrung and 
go into the exciting field of security operations instead. That's when 
Missy came to my table. 

" Hi. Can I sit down? " she asked. 
Sure, I said. 
"I've, uh, been watching you," she smiled, just a little coyly. " You 

were really depressed there for awhile. It must. ha,:,e .been almost a~ hour 
before I saw you smile. Frankly, the suspense IS kllling me. Why did you 
smile?" 

Maybe it wasn't the most auspicious of beginnings, but it was a 
beginning none the less. 

As it turned out. Missy was studying to be an executive secretary at a 
nearby vocational college, UCSD. She helped me get a job there, 
guarding the job placement office against vandalism. 

Soon we were both working in our chosen tlelas, making money to set 
up housekeeping of a sort. 

We lived in a paradise for those eight months. We both lived exciting 
lives-she was always going on rides to the airport with her boss, taking 
dictation; I was continually guarding stuff and going to high class parties 
to make sure the guests didn't get out of line. We had the same dreams, 
shared the same desires, shot the same cocaine. We had so much in 
common, so much ... 

Then, one day, it was different. 
I was sitting on our Riviera Convertabed reading Tolstoy wh~n Missy 

came home. Our dog, Vitupera, ran to the door to greet her. MISSY bent 
over and punched the dog on the back ofthe neck as hard as she could. 

I looked up. 
"Something wrong?" I asked, cool to the end. 
Two hours later-after Missy had compared me unfavorably with 

Vitupera. after she complained of my poor oralhygeine, and after she cut 
my textual criticisms of Dostoyevski to shreds-two hours later, the 
reason for her anger became clear. 

It seems the night before I had pinched her boss at a party for trying to 
steal a crystal doorknob. How was I to know her boss stole doorknobs for 
his thrills? 

Just thinking of Missy got me depressed again. I put out my cigarette 
and walked over to the phone to call an ambulance, the1l mixed myself a 
Scotch and soda. . 

As I slowly slipped into unconsciousness, a line from a song repeated 
itself over and over again . What a shrewd judge of human nature the 
author was. The man must have been through every kind of relationship 
imaginable. He sure said a mouthful: 

" Ya gotta get your chicken from the people you trust... " 
Bless you, Colonel Sanders. 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 
Pfcmg'Wf*ie eq~ iIlla 9o!a 

.. I ;' 
i l 
... / 

... :;.-' 

Discount Prices 
Canon, Olympus 

Nikon, Pentax 

7717 Fa 
Sales, Repairs, & Trades 

459-7355 

Moster PI)ints Moster Points 

DUPLICATE BRIDGE 

FREE 

now ACBL sanctioned 
Sunday Nights , 7:00 

Revelle North Dining Hall 

UCSD Bridge Club, sponsors o f 
'he famed Barry's Bagel S'ond FREE 

• rl •• M •• 1 OM'S Friday. Ja.....-y •• ll7' 
Revelle Reporter 

Possibilities at Revelle 
by Debora Weber 

StaHWrlter 

As the quarter gets underway 
many projects are being planned 
for Revelle students. Most of them 
are being directed by the Revelle 
Community Center in Blake Hall. 

The projects are many and 
varied, with something for just 
about everyone. 

The Provost's office itself is very 
active. Everything, it seems, from 
processing add/drop cards to 
planning the activities and projects 
for the quarter. Evaluations are 
being set up, from curriculum to 
space, and ~tudents IJre being 
helped in many ways. There isn't a 
line out the door, but the place is 
fuU to the brim with activity. 

Cbauce to Cbeer 

An upcoming event for the 
sports-minded is the intercollege 
basketball classic. Teams from 
each college will compete on Jan. 
20 for a spot in the final match. 
"Expert" means that you must be 
a student in the college you 
represent, and be able to 
distinguish a basketball from the 
coach. 

Varsity, JV and ex-Varsity 
players can not play, but can come 
and cheer. Revelle will meet Third 
at 6: 00, right after the Muir-Fourth 

baUle. The Revelle captain will be 
announced on Monday. 

If journalism is your bag, then 
the Revelle newsletter, "The 
Blurb" is for you. The first project 
is the renaming of that monthly 
publication, but thereafter an-
nouncements, actions of the 
Student Government corruniUees 
and anything else will be the order 
of business. In addition, the 
" Calculator" will be continuing Its 
weekly publication this quarter. 

Money saving ideas are also 
being worked out. Currently 
Revelle operates the carpool 
service, a computer-operated 
project that tries to match up cars 
and riders. Any other ideas are 
encouraged. 

Manhattan Project 
Research is atso a possibility. At 

least two people from the UC San 
Diego campus were involved in the 
Manhattan Project that developed 
the Atom bomb. A number of 
students are interested in In-
vestigating the historical, social 
and moral aspects of that project, 
and in sponsoring lectures and 
discussions on the subject. 

The curriculum evaluation is 
still underway. Many aspects of 
the college are under con-
sideration, from Natural Science to 
the various sequences to the 

C San Diego pre ents 

Language requirement. The 
curriculum committee will SOOn 
release its report on the matter. 

People are needed to help the 
interns at the Community Center in 
peer counseling, information 
dispensing, problem investigation 
and facilitating help. The ~itlon 
is a self-appointed one, so drop by 
soon to offer your services. For 
more information on these 
projects, or if you have ideas of 
your own, the Community Center Is 
there for you. 

-----

Atlent ion Revelle Winter 
Graduates : You must turn in a 
degree application cord by January 
23 i f you wish to graduate Winter 
quarter. If you need a cord, or you 
ore 'not sure if you have already 
turned one in, please contact Eliza 
Gillies in the Revelle Provost's 
Office. 

Summer Jobs 

Alumni 
Vocation Center 
Apply in Person 

507MC 
Jan 5 - Jan 31 

Joseph Chaikin's production of 

" 

'eleCTRA' 
written by ReW. ~ 

a most important event" The Village Voice 

g Pitt Swcdoy~ ~. 18 
~ Audifo1Uwtt 

TICKETS: UCSD Box Office 452-4090 UCSD ST $2.50 GA $4.00 

AII- Day Ski Trip 
to 

~ (fi)@ W ~(!JJ mru mru ll~ 
Thursday, 
Jan. 15 { 

$13.00 covers round trip bus 
Transportation and 
All-Day Ski Lift Pass 

Open to first 41 people to reserve space 
Bus leaves Urey Hall 6:00 am 

leaves Snow Summit 4:30 pm 
returns to UCSD 8:30 pm 

Purchase tickets in Rec Gym by Monday January 12 
For more info., contact Mike Hipp or Steve Grady in the Rec Gym. (x4037). 

Friday. Ja._ry t. 1m • rl .... I.I .... ~ Page 5 
Movies 

Peckinpah Spoofs Himself in 
Surprisingly Taut 'Killer Elite" 

By Steve EsmedJaa 
StaHWrlter 

There seems to be a critical 
conspiracy to boycott Sam 
Pecklnpah's "The Killer Elite." It 
haS been in release for a month and 

not one major film critic has seen 
fit to prai.~e or damn it. It seems 
that since " Pat Garret And Silly 
The Kid," Peckinpah's films have 
been doomed by indifference. 

This is unfortunate. While the 

Tom Nee, of the UCSD Music Department, will conduct the La 
Jolla Civic University Symphony in a performance of Villa-
Lobos' "Concerto for Guitar" this Sunday. Alan Merian is the 
soloist. 

L J Symphony to Feature 
Guitarist Alan Merian 

The La Jolla Civic/University Symphony will inaugurate the new 
year with a concert featuring guitarist Alan Merian this Saturday, at 8 
pm and this Sunday, at 3 pm, in the Mandeville Auditorium. 

He will perform the "Concerto for Guitar" by Villa-Lobos. In ad-
dition, Thomas Nee, musical director, will conduct the Symphony in 
"Serenade for Strings" by Elgar, Stravinsky's " Suite No. l" and 
"Symphony No. 60" by Haydn. 

Acclaimed a "superior performer" by San Diego music critic Don 
Dierks, Alan Merian has just returned from numerous concert ap-
pearances in the northwest. After receiving his MA from Occidental 
College, he continued his graduate studies at the UC San Diego music 
department and as a fellow in the Center for Music Experiment. 
Merian's formal training as classical guitarist includes study with 
Julian Bream and Manuel Lopez-Ramos. 

onus 
onSahtrday. 
Open 10 to 3. 
You can cash a check, 

makea~it, 
or apply for a Ioan-

just like on weekdays. 
._DeIMar 

331 Flfteet)th St. 

•• MiraMesa ~ 8202 Mira Mesa Blvd. 

•• LaJoUa 
78tY1 Girard Ave. 

•• Clairemont 
4225 Genesee Ave. 

•• San Carlos 
11630 Lake Murray Blvd. 

._Midway 
~211 Sports Arena Blvd. 

•• North Park 
2927 University Ave. 

• - Casa de Oro ~ 11841 Campo Rd. 

•• Chula Vista 
-~y 

CALIFORNIA I 
FIRST BANK 

Member FDIC 

-grim, inflated ad irifers that " The 
Killer Elite" is a solemn expose 
CIA n~no' s ala "Three Days or 
The Condor," Peckinpah's latest is 
actually an engagingly morbid 
parody of several mach~pulp 
conventions: the hard-bitten loner 
saga, the triple cross. thriller, and 
the latest entry to the blood and 
guts sweepstakes, the kung-fu 
exhibition. ' 

Sterling Silliphant's script is 
crudely motivated and comically 
complicated. Two mercenary 
buddies (James Caan and Robert 
Duvall) employed by a CIA su\). 
sidiary called Nomteg have their 
partnership dissolved when Duvall 
takes on another job and is forced 
to shoot his good pal. Caan, now a 
complete physical wreck, is nursed 
back to shape with the ald of a 
loving woman who never says 
much but who does her job well. He 
boils with thoughts of vengeance. 
At first, his superiors scoff, but 
later, when Duvall is hired by yet 
another counter-agency to 
assasinate a visiting Chinese 
emissary (I think), Caan is called 
back to duty. With the help of a fat 
garage mechanic and a trigger-
happy marksman, Caan is ready to 
take on Duvall's boys. 

The plot mechanics are tran-
sparently ridiculous. It is what 
Peckinpah does with them that 
makes the movie so marvelous. 
His action sequences, as taut and 
riveting as ever, serve to open up 
the self-conscious elements of· 
parody in this film. Right in the 
middle of a bustling San Francisco 
street, a ground and rooftop battle 
occurs, recalling the opening 
holocaust of "The Wild Bunch." 
Tons of bullets fly but no one is 
killed. The blood ballet of 
Peckinpah's nihilistic masterpiece 

Continued from Page 8 

Expressionism Highlights 
San Diego Art Show.ings 

by Elizabeth Chiment 
Staff Writer 

A new show of expressionist art from 1910-1930 is currently on display at 
the La Jolla Museum of ContemDorarv Art in La Jolla. The show includes 
works from artists Kal Sclunidt-Rottluff, Otto Dix, Billy Al Bengston, 
John Altoon and 28 otner expressionists. The works are on loan from the 
collection of Dr. Vance E. Kondon of San Diego, and will be on display 
until February l. 

The Fine Arts GaUery in Balboa Park is currently exhibiting a number 
of. exceptionally fine shows ... Through January 11 is an exhibition of 
selected works of Henri Toulouse-Lautrec; from January lO-February 29 
is a special show entitled "Early San Diego Art," which covers works of 
San (}iego Painters of the '208. The collection is on loan from the San 
Diego City Schools. 

Also at the Fine Arts GaUery through February 29 is a display of 
Chinese paper cuts (Chuang Hua), an ancient folk art form of China. The 
paper art consists of cutting multiple layers of paper against a resilient 
backing. Called Chuang Hua, meaning " Window Flowers," they are 
pasted on the window areas of the Chinese house before important oc-
casions. Simple and inexpensive, it is one of the few vigorous survivals of 
the basic folk art technique in the late 20th century. 

The Triad GaUery has opened a new show of aluminum sculpture en-
titled "Saturday Night Special" which features work done by artist 
Myrna Nobile. The gallery is located at 3701 India St. in San Diego. Right 
here on campus you can view a show by Alicia Hunt in the main hall of the 
Urey HaU Science Building on Revelle Campus. Hunt specializes in 
charcoal figure drawings and oil portraits. 

I hope that many of you will be visiting the " Arte Picante" show of 
Chicano art that will open this Sunday at the Mandeville Center. The 
show, which will exhibit artists from throughout Southern California is 
expected to be one of the best representations of the Chicano art ex-
perience yet to be displayed. The opening this Sunday will include music 
and poetry readings and is free and open to the public. 

You might be interested in knowing that the permanent collection of 
painting reproductions is once again available for checkout from the 
Cluster Undergraduate Library. The collection is composed of works by 
Renaissance masters and early modern artists, and anyone of them is 
yours torthe quarter. Just take a walk over to Cluster and soon, even you 
can have a masterpiece in your living room. 

Enjoy yourselves, yes? 

Poetry, Music, Film, More 

Arte Picante Celebrates 
Contemporary Chicano Expression 

The Chicano Arts Festival Chicanos in the barrios and rural 
Committee of uam will sponsor areas of the US. Arte Picante 
an exposition of Chicano art, speaks to Chicanos and non-
poetry, film, drama and music Chicanos alike, as it is an attempt 
entitled Arte Picante : Con- on the part of Chicanos at UCSD to 
temporary Chicano Art that will relebrate the cultural expressions 
open this Sunday. Focusing on the of the artist of Mexican descent in 
contemporary Chicano artistic ·Southern California. 
expression, the show reflects the' The art exhibition brings 
wide ran~e of experiences of together for the first time in San 

Diego Chicano artists from many 
parts of Southern California. The 
themes of the works are both 
traditionai and revolutionary. The 
first celebration will be this Sun-
day from noon to 5 pm at the 
Mandeville Art Gallery with music 
by Rondalla, Latinos Unidos and 
other groups being performed 

Continued on Page 8 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

UnIQUe one 01 the best J"11 KE ITH 
PlitOl$' 5 Y~i It eve.. hear • 

~Ollt~ STONE JARRET f/411.16 
KEITHT UeS"l) tJ~". 

KEITH [ :30p_ 
JARRET 
~3 ue..sz> St.adP. 

14.50 lj..rt&etfJfJ't 
INFO 452 - 4090 

T,: k ... TlCKETRON OUTLETS.UCSO BOX OFFICE 

'.'"11"".'."'"'"111""11'""1111"''''''''''''"",","","""","","",,"'"'""'""""'""'"11"1111"""""." '1i""""'"II' 
DIJSTiN HoffMAN 

MidNiGhT CowbOy 
MANdlvilLl CENTER 

TlJu., JAN 1 J 8:00 pM 

Tickets at Box Off Box Office or at Door 

Sponsored by 
Disabled Students Union 

452·4091 CPB 
452·4559 Box Office 

1 



You wouldn't ride a bike without a pump, 
you 'shouldn't ride a bike without Bike 
Riders of America, either_ 
That's because we're more than just a lot 
of hot air. We're an organization of and for 
bicycle riders that charges you twelve buck s 
a year for membership and gives you darn 
good value for your money. 
With B.R.A., you get $12,000.00 worth of 
special biking in urance, discounts of up to 
40% on quality biking and camping equip-
ment, coded bike registration for protection 
against theft, reduced group travel fares 
worldwide (for times when you want to 

I 

travel on two wings as well as two wheels), 
and quite a bit more. 
Look for our brochure in the Student Value 
Pack distributed at your college store or ' 
send us the coupon below. You'll find out 
that B.R.A. has a lot you can take advan-
tage of-and that B.R.A. won't ever take 
advantage of you. 
Mail your check or mon ey order in the 
amount of $12.00 for your first ye'ar mem-
bership to: Bike Riders of America, 17 East 
16th Street, New York, N.Y. 10003. Re-
newal at the rate of $10.00 per year. 

I have a bicycle pump ; now I want BRA. I SCHOOL ________ . ____ . ______ __ 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I NAME 
I ADDRESS 
• CITY ----- _ STATE ___ ZIP .II 
----------

Friday, J .... ry I, 1m 

Cal Womens' 
Basketball 
Tourney Here 

The fifth amual All-Cal women's 
basketbaU tournament started this 
.....,ung in UC San Diego's main 
gym. Competition will continue 
throughout today and tomorrow, 
and include teams from UC 
Berkeley, -UC Irvine, UC River-
side , UC Davis, UC Santa Cruz, 
andUCSD. 

Coach Shirley Peterson's Tritons 
debut against UCSC today at 1:30 
pm, in an opening round match. 
With a win, UCSD will advance to 
th e second round at· 11 am 
tomorrow, while a loss would put 
them in the consolation bracket 
tomorrow at 8: 30 am. 

The TritoM come in to the 
tourney with an experienced team, 
led by guards Allison Chin and Sue 
Amaral . The pair enter their 
fourth year of intercollegiate 
basketball competition. A new 
ruli ng this year allows women to 
compete for four years. 

• rI.o ... ' nil'S 

New Celtic Offense 
Leads to .CSDH Win 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports Editor 

TIle expression on basketball coach Barry Cunningham's face 
changed 360 degrees , as he watched his squad stroll out to a 20 point 
first half lead, then fall behind by two in the second half, and finally 
down Cal State Dominguez Hills, 65-60, Tuesday night. 

Cunningham couldn't have been happier as the Tritons, using their 
new Celtic passing offense, led by as much as 39-19 with five minutes 
left in the opening half. 

" We were really controlling the tempo," said Cunningham, "and 
once we got the lead, we were playing some great defense." 

The Toros, finally using their height adVantage, steadily came back, 
and were only down by ten at the half. The outside shots were also 
falling for them, as they were in a four-point overtime win over UCSD 
three weeks ago. 

Headed by highly-rated forward Don Patterson, Dominguez Hills 
kept the momentum early in the second half, coming all the way back 
to tie the game at 46-46, and soon lead 52-50. ' 

An obviously upset Cunningham called time out, and regrouped his 
forces . 

" I put all of the starters back in, and told them to t ighte n the 
defense. We had also been taking some bad shots to let Dominguez 
back into the game, so we started to work for some better ones ." 

As promised earlier in the week , Cunningham went with his s maller 
line-up later in the game, which included three guards. First it was 
Mallory Mitchell, Ken Melvin, and Tony Moore, and when Melvin 
fouled out, it was guard Bart Bradley. . 

"The smaller guys were able to control the ball better," said Cun-
ningham, " and itgave us a lift. " 

With Lyle Smith playing his best game of year (16 points, 67 percent 
from the field , six rebounds ), and Mitchell leading the squad in every 
category (17 points, ten rebounds, nine assists), the Tritons were able 
to hold on in the final three minutes. 

After the Toros' main scorer, Patterson (a game-high 21 points ) 
fouled out , Dominguez was unable to score. 

Continued on Page 8 

Page7 

Triton guard Mallory Mitch ell (right) and Cal State Dominguez 
Hills ' Ralph Lepore battle fo r a jump ball in UCSD's 65-60 win 
Tuesday night. Lyle Smith (20) and Mark Dobransky (42) look o~. 

Center Marla Ross, Laura 
Greenberg, Lisa Stewart, Sarah 
Wolfe, and Renee Berryman also 
return , giving the Tritons an ex-
perienced nucleus. 5' 11" Debbie 
Robertson,5'10"Sue Self,Belle Lee, 
Steffanie Bloss, Carol Gebhart are 
also out, and UCSD now has more 
height and depth than any recent 
women's (earn. 

Altered CSDH Out-Rebounds JV B-Ball for 75-56 Win 
Following the two day All-Cal 

event here, the Tritons will have 
two weeks off before meeting USIU 
Janua ry 26. 

by Scott Sad II 
Assistant Sports Editor 

Against a la rger, q uicker, a nd 
altered team from Cal Sta te 
Dom inguez Hills, the UC,San Diego 
junior varsity basketball squad 

Baseball Tryouts Monday 
The Triton varsity base ball team, coached by Lyle Olsen and captained 

by Dave Lattuka, open their 1976 prac tice season with a 2:30 pm work-out 
Monday at Matthews baseball field. 

Since the sign which designates the location of the field has been stolen, 
directions to the area can now be acquired at the Matthews police stat ion. 
All prospective baseball players a re welcome to come to the practice, and 
many starting positions will be open. 

.Au ... . nd Aate. 

Classlfleds should either be pr inted or typed on a 3" x5" card (available In 
Tilton Times office) . Th4ly may be submitted anyt ime between 9 and noon 
and 1 and 4 p .m. 

The following rates are lor 100 spacos ·- If you use mOre spaces . the rate 
will double. (100 spaces -·25 cents ; 101 to 200 ·· 50 cen ts) . 

Personals ·· 51 
Lost and Found •. free 
Olher ads; sl udents - 25 cents 

nonstudenls ·· $1 
Deadlines: 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 pm Monday for Wednesday; 4 pm 

WedneSday for Friday. 
Announcemen ts: I ree. All announcements will run in the Monday 

calendar. Deadline for calendar; 4 pm Friday . . 
(All additions or correcllons to listings In Ihe Sched ule o f Classes lor 

regular Unlversily COurses will be charged $1 .) 

• SERVICES 
FRENCH GIR~ (N. IIYe language; .French) 
graduated in Italian language and literature, 
~ould give FRENCH or I TA~ I AN less""s. If 
InlereS led , catl MIJQ; 453-28·96. l/a 

BIO/Chem Clinic openS next Monday a t 
NOOn. Drop by for help In BIOlogy or 
Chemistry . (11 9) 
COlleg,ate research aids-thousands on file. 
Send $ t lor your 100 page mall order catalog 
ResearCh ASsistance. t 1322 Idaho Aye . 206 
Los Angeles . CA 90025 . 213·477-8474. (1/ 19) 
Bm/chem clinic opens next Monday . HOtJ($; 
ar. Sun 7· 10. Mon thru Thur 12.5. and 7. 10 . 
and FII 12.3_ 
N"d extra income? Make 512·oyer 525 each ~UPP1NG newspaper Items. Delalls Iree 

lite ClrPPlnQ Box24791A7 Soot lie. Wash 98124 11119) • 
lYP'''.IBM lerm paper / lhesisld ,uer . 
8
t
."ons/ tc . Ed,ling/ ru sh jobs/Xerox 560-
171 f3/ 12) 

ItOUSiNG 
I" fln\.jle roo 
QW mmate n dod 10 Sh r house 1S5~ r~om and bath oooan VICW Cardiff 153. 

" t. r 6 pm (119) 
\'i"nlon mdlo roommat 8750 / M 488 67tO 
f "1121 

For rent. Pre-med Psych student wan ls 10 
share 3 Bdrm OB ho..se with a humanistic 
heallhm inded marriad coup le. House is 
etNn. and lig hl. well located . his • lawn. 
targe plantable yard and much mor" . Your 
1200 inc "'des all utits excepl phone. No 
children or pets. please. Call Shatom 222. 
7195 Mess- 27(). t 069 (119) 
HELPI Femate needs female roommate by 
Jan . t 5 for 2 bdrm ~t . In P.B . Oulel area 
cloae 10 bus route - would get own room . 
585.00l monlh plus utilities. Prefer non-
lobacco smoker. CIt I Terry (evenings are 
bet ler) al 272·0204 or lea\18 message at 488-
.s50. Keep Irylngl (119) 
Roommate wanled .- own room In n ice 3 BR 
house c . 9 ml Irom UC In SO S62 l mo. & ulli. 
GeneorGreg 275·1997 . (1/9) 

HAVE OWN ROOM AT THE BEACH . Quiet 
male non smol<er. FU lly lurn. on Mssn. Bch. 
595 / mo. Call Roger after 6. 488-5S.9 . (1/9) 

One bedroom )n Del Mar ADode n6ar beaCh . 
75/ month 230 ll1h Sl 461-11826 evenings 
(119) 
2 poop I or couple to share masterbed rm 
own bathrm .. by Feb 1 sao. person. 1 mile 
Irom UCSD 452' 9 8. (t /9) 

Female roommate wanted for nice Clel Mar 
hou.e w l tlreplar:e '., 1l10Ck to beach. own 
room. 755-2271 (11 12) 

was handily beaten in its home 
debut last Tuesday, 75-56 . 

A m ix-up in the interpretation of 
schedules resulted in only a varsity 
team from CSDH making the trip 
to UCSD. Five players from that 
varsity squad made up the group 
that defeated UCSD by dominating 
the boards and outrunning the 
Tritons. 

Although physically outmatched, 
UCSD appeared to have at least an 
equal amount of basketball skills 
and trailed a t halft ime by only 
three points, 34-31. 

The outside shooting of Joe 
Greenstein kept the Tritons this 
close despite the Toros' control of 

Rommate wanted for Det Mar house nr beach 
with l ireplace , laundry rm . yard . Call 755-
3270. Colleen, VickI. (1112) 

F room ie needed Feb. 1. Own room fur. $65 
Incl . utlt . Non-smoker. 27()'5999. (1 ( 16) 

67' Mustang rebuilt 269 (11 I) . L60·s . mags, 
Shelby. HOlley . Malory. cust. susp . AM.FM. 
elect. tack. etc 435·4938 (1/9) 
t972 Suzuki t85 cc rebu ilt engine rebuilt 
carburetor. Runs excellenl 45200 M ike 453-
9663 (1 / 14) 
Boot<s 10< sale-Ochem (Morrison & Boyd) . 
Pchem. genetics . malh. Spanish . art. 
history. drama . Call SI!!IIe · 755·121 9 (1/ 9) 
Schwinn 10 speed good Cheap ask lor 
Damien in TT office (1 /9) 
VW-camper. '62 body '75 engine', lransm & 
tires. Full camper eQufpml : stove . sink , water 
lank·loe box. (1 (9) 

4 can sleep. 51000. Musl sell before leevlng 
USA. Urgen t. 755-9032orX3184 (119) 

Flock records · many. 488-1710. (1/9) 

Gitana Inlerctub bicycle. 1 yr. old . good 
condition ; 24 In lrame. new tires : $120 • calf 
756-2826 afler6 p.m . (119) 

Realist ic 8·lrack recorder • deck. Perlect 
condition $95 evenings C811454·9479. (119) 

1966 Fairlane Wagon . Rebulll auto trans , a", 
r ' h , V·8 390 Cu . In ., $450. 481 ·9785. (1 /16) 

Wanted ' 1975 Tolkein calendar. PIClUras 
must be in tact . $250. Call nlghl . 8·11 452· 

lor Warren (1/12) 

197t Alia Romeo Gtv Xlnl . Sacntlce. under 
low blue book 452 ·3700 222·1827 (1 19) 

Cat 51 ....... Conc.rt I LA Forum Fet) 2 3 
Beller price. AND BEnER LOCATIONS than 
all COmpelilors 27().7855 (2 ' 2) 

HP55 with battery cnarger. field c s. stat. 
pack and math pack $350. Call 453.8128 
l Iter 5 pm. (1 ' 12) 

most rebounds and many lay~ups 
off their fast break. 

The contest was almost halted 
before this first half of action was 
comple.ted. The coach for CSDH 
threatened to remove his team 
from the fl oor because he felt that 
one of his playe rs had been in-
tentionally and aggressively 
fouled, and that UCSD coach, Ron 
Werft. should call a time ou t to 
reprimand his Tritons. Wertt 
refused to meet this intimidating 
demand, but the officials were able 
to soothe the CSDH coach and play 
was resumed. 

The second half followed much 
the same pattern as the first, but 

1972 HOnda 35Occ. Excetlent condi tion . To 
sell lor $450 or trade for small economical 
car. Call 481·9826 !!lies (119) 

3 speed new Rale igh boys b,ke. $75. 436-4487 
Of X3860. ( t /9) 

House Sale: Frlg . 535 . 2 sofas. chairs. 
dressers , mattresses , dishes . dinette set. 
etc . t2·6 Sat . 1822 Santa Fe Del Mar on Jan 
10 or calf 755-3497 or 453-9638 and ask lor 
Jamie. (1/9) 

SKISI Tuned and hoi waxed get your skIS in 
shape Full tune hot wax $1 .SO·2.00 tune 
S4lup . Call Alan 755·2543. (1 19) 

DAVID BOWl !: CONCERTI Choice floor seats 
al besl prices in SO Caff us first. 27()'7855. 
(212) 

Ford '62 Fatcon . roblt 6 cyr. auto, 2 dr, good 
transponation . $200 . Call 755·2322. (1116) 

New HP·21 and safety cradle . Best offer call 
452·1236. (1/ 16) 

Potte,. wheel - wOOden • kick · 5SO. X3860 
(1 / 9) 

WANTEd 
Need ."ra cash? BUYing old U S. coins Also 
buYing U S SIlver COins mlnled belore 1965 

K~n 453·7924. 13/t 2) 

Despera te studenl n!!eds tem porary hOme 10< 
dog . 515 a month; an 0 I will feed and 
exercise him . 756·3479 (1/ 12) 

Losl • 3 lings Iween gym and Muir aplS 
Reward . c I IIIld I wi lt descnbe Ihem • 
Karen . 453-9116 (119) 

1975 Tolkein calendar can be used but 
piC lures must be In good condItion. $2 50 
Call 452· Warren (1112) 

Tutor needed lor Biochem t 44 Must hav 
gatt.., A or B In course 2·3 hrs l wk Can 
wort< oul pay . 452·9806 (1 / 12) 

Exp~rlenced Oas.s tutors needed 'or 
blOIChem ciinic Cont t Pet Llchly at 
OaSIs 011,<>1 (.3760) (1/9) 

when the Tritons outside shooting 
faltered their disadvantage in-
creased. Getting caught up in the 
Toros high pace of play toward the 
final stages of tbe contest, the 
Tritons game became ragged and 
they were easily overrun. 

The Toros 52-34 rebound ad-
vantage for the contest, most 
coming off of their offensive 
boards and leading to second and 
third shots, was the game's most 
telling rinal statistic. 

Greenstein led UCSD' s final 
scoring totals with 18 po i nts. 
Peterson scored 10, followed by 
Doug Hafford'S 8 points and 5 
assists. 

Ride needed tolfrom Pt Loma/OB area to 
SChool. W, ll help pay gas Please call Shanna 
• 222· 3624. (1 /9) 

Need tulor lor t 4OA . Need to nave gotten an 
A Or B in the class . Earn extra money 452-
9806. (1 112) 

Maliluana retaled research . Healthy males 
2t ·35 10 lIve In hospital 26 cons days pays 5 
(2t 3) 825·0094. (212) 

Losl ' Beige n bbed cardigan VIC . MUll or 
Thlld campus Please call 755·7238 or take 10 
Language lab (119) 

Lost . White sweater wil h blue trim. Lost 
Tues. t /6 /76 Please. Please ret urn I Joann 
755·7238 . (1 19) 

Lost keys on a shell Chain around MC506B 
Tues. nite 453·8717 . (1 19) 

Lost • Orange backpack 116 . Call Peter X· 
3146 or 272-9937 (1 / 9) 

PERSONAls 
Need person to care for 3-yoors-<>td Child 
Irom 9 '00 .1200 a m . Mon .. Wad .• and Frl 
Pay $1 p r hour 45~7579 (11 9) 

Sue Roses are red . violels ar~ btue . I am 
your kk . can you guess who? LOve KK . (1 19) 

ANNOtJ~CEMENTS 
A udlhons fo~ th e UCSD Drama 
Graduate Produc llons will be held 
January 13 & 14, 7:00 p.m. 
Moflhe"". 40 . IIle fJIOYS are !Jover 
Beach ond Jocks by M ichele 
Tlkhonoff ond Boneless m,' b", 
Peter lein 

Eorn " Units of credit and learn '0 
be a leach r .hrough Ihe Oosis 
lu.orral program . Col) or come '0 
the OasIs office 01 MC 250 452-
3760. 

J 



New ItIQClau Offered 
A 15-unit research-oriented 

course for Revelle biology majors 
during the lfl78 spring quarter will 
be offered. 

Titled " Problems in Marine 
Biology," the Bodega Bay Course 
will be concerned with the biology 
of Polychaeta and will provide 
students with a wide range of fn-
dividual research topics. Biology 
majors may substitute this course 
for Biology 117. 

For information contact the 
biology department. 

Youager to Speak 
Evelle J. Younger , State 

Attorney General, will be the 
keynote speaker at the Annual 
Meeting of Republican Associates 
on Jan. 13 at the University Club. 

N~host cocktails will begin at 
6: 30 pm and dinner will begin at 
7: 30. The cost of the dinner will be 
$9 and parking will be provided by 
the University Club. The election 
of the directors of the Republican 
Associates will be held during the 
cocktail hour and the results an-
nounced at the dinner. 

Younger has been a supporter of 
President's Ford re-election bid, 
despite the popularity of Ronald 
Reagan in this state. 

FBI ... 

Solar Energy Class 
• Interest in the use of solar 

energy is currently on the rise, and 
UC san Diego ExtensiOn is offering 
several courses on solar energy 
utilization and construction in-
dustry practices this quarter. 

Doctoral candidate Larry 
Icerman, a research assistant with 
UCSD's energy center, will in-
struct a technical course on the 
present and future utilization of 
solar energy. 

A Communications Workshop, 
sponsored by Psycholo'gical 
Counseling department, is being 
scheduled for the weekend of Jan. 
16 and 17. 

The goal of the workshop will be 
to open up new lines of com-
munication and understanding 
between the students of Revelle 
College. It is hoped the event will 
help establish more community 
pride and more of a community 
atmosphere for the Revelle 
campus. 

All workshop activities will be 
held in the informal and formal 
lounges. A sign-up sheet will be 
posted in the Resident Dean's 
office. Deadline for sign-ups is 
Jan. 15. 

Biskind traces most of the events to Godfrey, in various roles from 
instigator to accomplice to participant. 

And he was reporting his activities daily to his FBI superior (who hid 
for six months the gun used to shoot Bohmer'S friend), who presumably 
reported to the playpen in Washington. 

Luckily, one SAO member, who happened to think porno was the 
vanguard of Communism, developed to weaken the moral fiber of the 
natIOn - we are known the world over for our moral fiber - bombed the 

. Guild Adult Theatre. 
Inside were a policeman and a city official. Presto, the investigation 

that never was during the harassment of Bohmer, the shooting and the 
firebombings. 

Some of the SAO were went up, others weren't. Godfrey is working in 
the fire marshall 's office in Sacramento, protecting the public. 

It's good the city official and the policeman enjoyed watching other 
people make love. And if the convention had gone on as scheduled here in 
1972, it appears the SAO had plans to shoot mortar shells into clumps of 
activists, disrupt the convention (obviously) and pin it, somehow, on the 
Democrats. 

Donald Segretti, by the way, met with SAO members during the 
organization's heyday. One can only speculate further. 

B Ball ... 
Forward Mark Dobransky hit two free throws with a minute left as 

did Bradley a few seconds later, to ice the win for UCSD. ' 
The Tritons (4-8 ) open a three game road trip tonight at UFE 

College in Los Angeles, returning for a home match next Thursday. 

'U nilJEu.ity of (!a[i(o'tnia, c:San :DiEgo 
Campu!.. ~ 'tOg'tam !i3oa'td 

p'LE!..Enh 

Saturday Night Film 

with Jean-Paul Belmondo 
directed by Aloin Resnais 

January 10 USB 2722 
7:30 pm & 10pm 

Health Bonds •.• 
Among the other problems PoweD cited before the legislature were 

the cancellation of the federal matching grant program and the 
current economic state of the nation. . 

Loll of over 175 MIlliOD 
The cancellation of the federal program, according to Powell 

resulted in a loss of over $75 million to the UC. 
Powell also blamed double-digit inflation and economic recession 

for UC's woes. 
Po,,:ell said UC would sponsor legislation whi~h would withdraw the 

second bond issue from the Nov. 1976 ballot. He said, "The capital 
facilities which now might be funded from a 1976 bond issue would no 
longer represent a completion of the program as originally presented 
to the Legislature. It therefore appears more appropriate to make any 
further bond issue the subject of new legislative action." 

powell went on, "While a new program could be developed which 
would match the $138.1 million amount presently authorized for the 
1976 ballot, it would be more appropriate to develop a program which 
takes into account the yet unknown future of some of our programs, 
for example, those of the Davis and Irvine Schools of Medicine, and 
tt¥! almost certain changes to come in health care delivery systems 
and thus in academic programs." 

Review tbe Needs of the State 
Powell said that UC's action does not mean it might not want to float 

another health bond sciences issue in the future. 
" We will continue to review the needs of the state of california, the 

contribution which the University can make toward meeting those 
needs, and the capital facilities required. 

" Decision as to the most appropriate method of fWlding those 
facilities can be better made at some future time than now," Powell 
said. 

Movies .... 
is transfonned into ~ shoot'em up 
slapstick routine, where the heroes 
race off in a cab, and the villains 
climb down from the building, h~ 
humming until next time. 

The final confrontation, a 
shipyard clash between the 
philistine Americans with their 
vulgar machine guns, and the 
pure, noble Chi!1ese warriors who 
pop out of nowhere is undoubtedly 
the funniest sustained comedy 
sequenee of the year. Twenty 
hooded swordsmen jump out, 
kicking and gyrating and most 
flamboyantly spastic Bruce Lee 
fashion. One by one, Caan and his 
friends knock them off, alternately 
'yawnjng and laughing. 

Goodbye. It Within its own self-
defined limits, "Killer _ Elite" 
shows a master at work. 

Arte .... 
throughout the afternoon. Three 
outstanding poets, Alurista, Jose 
Montoya, and Tino Villanueva, 
proclaimed by critics as among the 
most important contributors to the 
new Chicano poetry -- are 
scheduled to read from their most 
recent works during-the opening 
celebration. 

A poetry symposium, featuring 
Alurista, Montoya and Villanueva, 
will be held on Monday, January 12 
at 7 pm in the auditorium of the 
new Third College buildings 
(building CR, room 107). On 
Wednesday, January 14 there will 
be a series of readings by local 
poets with music by Chunkje at 4 
pIn in the east room of the 
Mandeville Center. 

Throughout the three week 
festival, the films of Jesus Trevino, 
Moctezuma Esparza, Richard Soto 
and Jose Luis Ruiz will be shown. 
At the conclusion of the festival, 
there will be a performance by 
Teatro Mestizo, one of CalifornIa'S 
finest Chicano theatrical groups, 
on February 5. 

All events are free and open to 
the public. 

Friday, J ... ry J, 1976 

Reg Fee ... 
the reg fee. For example, in the 
past $17 per student came from the 
reg fee for laboratory funding. 
Seven years ago, the money began 
to be taken out of the educational 
fee instead, providing temporary 
relief for the reg fee crunch. 

Cutting present costs is one 
additional method of delaying an 
increase in the reg fee. But this 
Murphy said, is obviously not ~ 
permanent solution, as we Would 
eventually end up with "no student 
services. " 

The on~y sure way of eaSing 
pressure on the reg fee is 1'0 raise 
the fee, Murphy said. Students are 
understandably adverse to this 
solution, and want to exhaust all 
other possibilities before a fee 
increase. 

But. Murphy predicted that if the 
reg fee is not raised for 1975-76, and 
the same level of services is of-
fered to the students, UCSD will 
have a $350,000 deficit. Reg fee 
reserves are in no way large 
enough to cover a deficit this large, 
and an increase in the fee seems 
likely, he said. 

Taking into consideration the 
present rate of inflation and 
assuming that no additional state 
funding will be given to the 
university, the eventual increase 
will probably be in the neigh-
borhood of $50 per quarter, and 
would likely hold steady for at least 
a four or five year cycle. This is 
the increase that the Board of 
Regents will consider at their 
January meeting in San Francisco. 

IMPROVE your 
ABILITIES thru 

HYPNOSIS 
DICK RAKOW 281-4586 

THE 
UCSD POETRY JOURNAL 

On Sale 
Beginning Today At 11 

Revelle 
Plaza 25' 

Peckinpah's tongue-in-cheek 
pitting of East and West action 
genres lays to waste the stodgy, 
reverential attitude of Oriental 
inscrutability indulged by Sydney 
Pollack's recent disaster, "The 
Yakuza. It Peckinpah knows the 
limits of a pulp sensibility, having 
traded in it a good deal himself. He 
realizes that the appeal of the 
action film in any tradition lies in 
the vicarious thrill of shared 
bloodshed. In "Killer Elite" he 
doesn't wallow in either ideal. He is 
simply letting the wind out of both. 
Even the grossly underlit 
photography of Philip Lathro 
serves as a devastating poke at the 
precious chiaroscuro of film noir 
pretenders like " The Long LSAT 

course beginn ing soon • 
for those who wont t6 better scores 

For Info Call 222-6585 

~ ~~THE UCSD CATHOLIC COMMUNITY 
3115 BREMERTON PL • LA JOLLA. CA 92037 • TEL (7141453-1 855 

uc 
S 0 

MASS: Saturday Ni'ght 11:30 P.M. 
Sunday at 8:30 A.M ., 10:30 A.M., 5:00 P.M. 

'SACRAMENT OF PENANCE: Sunday at 4:30 P.M. or 
by Appointment. 

All services (except the 10:30 Mass) will be held at the 
University-Community Church at the Corner of Torrey 
Pines and La Jolla Shores Drive . The 10:30 Mass is held 
on Campus at the NORTH CONFERENCE ROOM Of 
STUDENT CENTER. 

STAFF: 
Tickets at Student Center Box Offic Rev . Bernard /. Campbell, CSP 

Rev. Kevin Munn , CSP 
Mr. John Kelleher. Liturgical Coordinator 

Address: 

Bid$.. 6507, MattlH?ws Ca'mpus 
. Office of Religious Affairs 
PllOne: 452-2521 or 452-2548 

• 


