
Regents Selection 
Process Underway 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

The process for selecting future 
members to the UC Board of 
Regents has already begun, ac-
cording to Otis Watson, the Student 
representative on the selection 
committee. 

Watson, a Third College Intern 
and pre-law student, said that the 
Committee Advisory to Gov . 
Brown on the Selection of Regents 
for UC, had its first meeting last 
Friday in San Francisco. 

The purpose of the committee 
wi\1 be to assist the governor ac-
cording to the provisions of the 
state constitution. The constitution 
says that " in the selection of 
Regents, the governor shall consult 
an advisory committee of 12 
designated members." 

In addition to Watson, who is the 
onlY student representative on the 
committee, others at the meeting 
included the Chairman of the 
Regents, Mrs. Edward Heller ; 
George Link , a UC Regent 
representing the Alumni of UC ; 
Attorney Gene Penedergast, ap-
pointed by Brown: Thomas B. 
Isaak, representing Assembly 
Speaker Leo McCarthy; and Alexei 
Maradudin, representing the 
faculty. 

The committee, according to 
Watson will be reviewing resumes 
and other relevant biographical 
mate.rial of prospective regental 
candidates. 

Two Vacancies 

This year the committee must 
advise Brown on filling the two 
vacancies with the expiration of 
the terms of Mrs. Edward Heller 
and Norton Simon. 

Watson's hope is that one of the 
next two appointees to the regents 
will be a Chicano. He said that in 
addition to the constitutional 
requirements which call for a 
Board of Regents to reflect the 
broad diversity of California's 
citizenry, there has been a greater 
awareness of Chicanos in the UC 
system and a greater movement to 
include them in the administration 
of the system. 

His personal choices include San 
Diego Superior Court Judge 

l'ulltinucd on Page 3 

This couple is enjoying last week's hot spell in front of 
Me 212 . ITT Photo : Mark Gomez) 

Student .Death at Tioga 
The body of a Muir student found 

yesterday at 6 am in front of Tioga 
Hall has been determined by UC 
San Diego Police to be a suicide 
victim. The Muir night watchman 
found the body at 6:12 am. The 
watchman said the body was not 
there when he passed by the area 
at4 :30am. 

The student, a male, has been 

positively identified but Pat 
Ledden, Acting Muir Dean, has not 
released his name, wanting to 
notify the student's parents first. 
As of 2 pm Tuesday, no one had 
stepped forward to give any in-
formation on the suicide. 

A two-page suicide note was left 
by the student. 

Talk Sponsored by Young Socialist Alliance 

Teacher to Tell on F.B.I. 
Evelyn Sells will talk at UC San Diego tomorrow night about how the 

Federal Bureau of Investigation 's Cointelpro activities caused her to 
lose her job as a public school teacher in Austin, Texas. 

Recently disclosed FBI documents revealed that Sell, who was 
characterized by bureau agents as an "excellent... well qualified" 
teacher, lost her job after the FBI informed her employers that she 
had run for office in Michigan on the Socialist Workers Party ticket. 

The program, titled " I was Victimized by the FBI," will be held at 
7:30 in the Student Center's North Conference Room. It is sponsored 
by the uam chapter of the Young Socialist Alliance. 

Sell's talk will center around her case and how it related to the 
Cointelpro programs directed toward disruption of radical· political 
groups. 

Since the release of the FBI documents Sell's case has received 
national attention in both major daily newspapers and on television 
news shows. 

Council Expected to 
Stop Nude Bathing 

Public Hearing on Black's Tomorrow 
by Sara Lowen and Mark Stadler 
The swimsuit optional zone at 

Black's Beach is expected to be 
rescinded following a public 
hearing on the zone tomorrow at 
10 : ()() pm in the council chambers. 

Mayor Wilson scheduled the 
hearing after the council heard a 
recommendation from the City 
Manager that the swimsuit op-
tional zone be discontinued 
because of costs and problems 
involved with providing adequate 
access and sanitary facilities for 
the beach. 

The hearing was postponed from 
today because Wilson is in 
Washington, D.C. meeting with 
President Ford. 
According to one councilman's 

assistant the ordinance will 
probably be rescinded. Council 
members Maureen O'Connor, Leon 
Williams, Jess Haro and Floyd 
Morrow are expected to continue 
their support of the swimsuit op-
tional zone. Wilson, formerly a 
supporter of the zone, is expected 
to side with Council members Tom 
Gade, Jim Ellis, Gil Johnson and 
Lee Hubbard and vote to rescind 
the swimsuit optional zone. 

Source of Controversy 
The swimsuit optional zone at 

Black's has been the source of 
controversy ever since the council 
established it in May 1974. The 
novelty of the nude beach, the only 
legal one in the nation, attracted 
500,000 people over the summer 
months , according to Frans 
Guepin of the Nude Beaches 
Committee. The congestion at the 
beach has created difficulties with 
parking, adequate access, and 
sanitary facilities . Residents of the 
La Jolla Farms area , which is 
located directly above the beach 
have complained about lewd 
conduct, vandalism and ob-
scenities since the swimsuit op-
tional area was established. 

Last year, the City Council 
agreed to reconsider the issue, and 
decided to retain the zone after the 
City Park and Recreation Board 
recommended that Black's remain 
a swimsuit optional zone. Attempts 
by the ' City Council and Board of 
SuperVisors to create additional 
nude bathing beaches to alleviate 
the crowding at Black's failed after 
none of the other beaches in the 
county were deemed adequate for 
nude bathing. 

Decisions Against Black's 
Several decisions against the 

zone came recently when the 
County Board of Supervisors voted 
to prohibit nude bathing on unin-
corporated North County Beaches. 
The state ruled last week against 
moving the zone to its land. The 
City Manager's recommendation 

to discontinue the zone came after 
the city estimated that it would 
cost $1 million to provide adequate 
sanitary facilities and access to the 
beach. 

Ellis: In 1974 he was one of two 
Councilmen to vote against the 
swimsuit optional status for 
Black's. One of the two most 
conservative members of the 
council, Ellis will vote in favor of 
rescission tomorrow. 

Gade: He is one of the two 
members who did not vote on 
Black's in 1974. However, he has 
established himself, both in his 
campaign last year and in his two 
months on the council , as a con-
servative and is expected to favor 
rescission. 

Haro : He also did not vote in 
1974. Unlike Gade, though, he is 
one of the established liberals on 
the council. A vote in favor of the 
status quo on Black's would not 
hurt him with his South Bay and 
downtown district and a source in 
the council offices has revealed 
that he will vote against recission. 

Hubbard : He also voted against 
Black's in 1974. He made an issue 
of that vote in his mayoral race last 
year and will vote for r scission. 

Gil Johnson : Johnson is being 
portrayed as the man in the middle 
of this issue. Although he favored 
the Black s proposal in 1974, he has 
usually been a conservative in the 
council. The major proponents of 
rescission, residents of the La Jolla 
Farms property, which overlooks 
Black's, reside in his district and 
he is expected to favor removing 
Black's swimsuit optional status. 

Morrow : He favored the swim-
suits optional zone in 1974. He has 
consistently been the most liberal 
council member during his term of 
office and is expected to oppose 
rescIssion. 

O'Connor: She is a moderate on 
the council and favored the Black's 
proposal in 1974. Her consitituency 
includes both Ocean Beach, which 
is considered liberal, and Pl. Loma 
and Mission Hills, which are 
thought of as conservative. She is 
expected to vote against 
rescission. 

Williams : He voted for the 
Black's proposal in 1:}74 and has 
traditionally been a liberal 
member of the council. He is not 
expected to change his vote 
tomorrow. 

Wilson : In 1974 Wilson favored 
the proposal. However, since then 
he has apparently changed his 
stand: in last year's mayoral race 
when Hubbard tried to question his 
stand on Black's the Mayor did not 
attempt to defend it. Speculation is 
that Wilson will favor rescinding 
the swimsuits optional zone. 

Jesus and the Qumran Society Topic of Hoehner Religious Seminar 
by Alan Russell 

Staff Writer 

Dr. Harold Hoehner, Associate 
Professor of New Testament 
Literature and Exegesis at Dallas 
Theological Seminary, will present 
the third of his five lectures tonight 
on the topic "Jesus Of The Gospels 
Or The ritics," tonight at eight in 
the Revelle Cafeteria. 

Speaking to a very large crowd 
Monday night, Hoehner discussed 
"Jesus Of The Gospels And The 
Qumran Community." In his talk 
he detailed the history behind and 
the importance of, the "Dead Sea 

rolls, ' which were found in 1947 
near the Dead Sea in northwest 
Jordan. 

The 40,000 fragments, discovered 
among eleven caves, included 
compositions of 500 different 
works, the bulk of It being large 

~rtions of the Old Testament. By 
fi ve different age detenninants the 
Works have been definitively dated 
: l~g~ng between 140 B.C. and 

One of the most important 
results of the finds was in showing 
the almost exact similarities in the 
Qumran Old Testament, with that 
of the Old Testament put together 
in the 9th Century A.D., almost a 
thousand years later. Scholars 
were amazed in finding only a 
small amount of differences be-
tween the two works separated by 
a milleniwn. 

A good deal of Hoehner's lecture 
dealt on what he considered to be 
the twelve dissimilarities between 
Jesus and the Qumran society. 
Two notable examples he saw were 
that the Qwnran people killed 
those who violated the Torah, and 
tended to be very militaristic, 
wtile Jesus seemed to refute both 
of these principles in varioua ways. 

CleI'lYIDeII Dlaapoee 

An hour-long question-and-
answer period following the lecture 
brought diverse queries and 
comments. Two clergymen 
present disagreed with some of 

Hoehner's criteria and conclusions 
in his selection of the twelve 
dissimilarities he saw between 
Jesus and the Qumran people, 
which led the moderator to quip, 
"All of us must remember that this 
is Christian Unity Week." Hoehner 
concluded his lecture by saying 
that, ' 'The Qumran community 
was not the source of the Christian 
Church. The basis of the church is 
Christ, not Qwnran." 

Top Religious Work 

In a private interview, Hoehn r 
discussed a wide range of topics. 
An eminently qualified theologian, 
Hoehner received his Ph.D from 
Cambridge Universit~ in 1968. He 
is the author of more than thirty 
articles, as well as a book Herod 
Antlpa , which was one of the top' 
religious works of 1972, as 
evidenced by its selection to the 
Society of New Testament Studies 
MOfI08raph Series, published at 
Cambridge Univenity. He has 
also been both Assistant and 

Associate Editor of Biblioth ca 
Sacra, which is the oldest con· 
tinuous theological journal in 
America . 

Hoehner is still fairly optimistic 
about the rol of the Christian 
Church in this country, but did note 
that some denominations were 
losing ground in both attendance 
and mon y. One good si ' n he now 
see is that the seminary h 
pr ently teaches at has double thi 
amount of applicants it had five 
years ago, and is having to turn 
down two out of every three of 
those applying, with this ratio 
growing as applications till 
continue to ri . 

hri tlan CIa se Needed 

A subject which both Hoehner 
and George Post, head of the 
Campus Crusade for Christ, were 
concerned about was the absence 
of courses on Christian history 
taught from an academic but 
Christian perspective. Post said 
that many questions brought up by 

Qr . Harold Hoehner 
tud nts in burna ·ties cours 

could not be properly answered by 
th professor, and were too ily 
di mi ed. Hoehnent 0 saw th 
n ed for religious courses tb be 
tau ht by qualified individuals, but 
empha ized that the course hould 
be run objectively, and in no way 
a a "church rvice." 



. ... 

loyment Cure 

Wit on About-Face on UrbanDevelopment 
If you're wondering what San 

Diego's Mayor Peter Wilson will be 
doing thIS Bicentennial year, he'll 
be selling San Diego as a site for 
industrial development and ex-
pansion. 

This ma)' strike some people as a 
bit odd coming from a mayor who 
has gained his reputation as a 
friend of the environment, and the 
designer of what has come to be 
called "managed growth" policy. 
Note: William Slembleda teaches 
in the Urban &. Rural Studies 
Program. He also holds the social 
sciences seat in the City of San 
Diego Environmental Appeals 
Board. In 1970, he served as 
Special Assistant to the City 
Manager, City of San Diego. 
The role given to industrial ex-
pansion in the mayor's alUlual 
"State of the City" message raises 
a number of questions: Why such a 
high priority? How does expansion 
fit in with his previous efforts to 
manage growth and conserve the 
environment? And, how will this 
expansion come about? 

Wilson's primary reason for 
pushing expansion is unem-
ployment. Although more people 
are working in San Diego County 
than ever before, and the County as 
a whole is projected to increase its 
employment base by 18,000 jobs in 
the coming year, unemployment is 
still on the rise. Present unem-
ployment in San Diego is caused 
not so much from a depressed local 
economy, but from the fact that 
San Diego is experiencing a high 
rate of in-migration. 

More people are coming to San 
Diego than there are jobs. This is 
occurring at the same time that 
fewer people are leaving jobs in 
San Diego. This is particularly true 
of public sector employment. For 
example, the city of San Diego is 
experiencing less than 3% annual 
turnover in its municipal work 

Friday January 23 

force. Students graduating from 
local colleges and universities with 
degrees in education find openings 
in San Diego's school systems a 
virtual impossibility. 

A fair explanation of this " COIIIl! 
and stay" syndrome is that people 
simply like to live in San Diego. It 
doesn't take much thought to 
understand why people prefer to be 
Wlemployed in the sun and surf, 
rather than in the snow and rain. 
They have some hope for future life 
opportunities within the growing 
variety of communities and 
lifestyles that are developing here. 
This means that more jobs are 
needed to accommodate the 
present residents of San Diego who 
do not want to leave, as well as 
those who continue to come here. 

San Diego, with some validity, 
has gained a reputation as a 
"good" place to live: en-
vironmentally, socialIy and 
culturally. The Catch-22 is that the 
hetter San Diego's reputation 
becomes nationally, the more 
people want to live here; thus 
causing greater stress and strain 
on the city and the region to ac-
commodate growth. 

There will be a need for more 
jobs, more housing, more 
recreation, more public services, 
and all of those things that go along 
with " biggerness." The more jobs 
that are created, the more people 
from other places will move to 
where the jobs are . Although there 
arc no easy answers to this 
paradox, Mayor Wilson 's 
proposals are indicative of the 
present thinking of our civic 
lcaders; a line of thinking known 
as " neo-conversatism" that is 
being echoed more and more 
throughout the country. 

First, the Mayor wants govern-
ment to cooperate fully with 
expansion of private (ousiness) 
sector jobs. The call is for 
Congress to provide tax credits to 
the private sector to create jobs 
rather than for expanded jobs in 

"A Touch of Class" 
with 
George Segal and Glenda Jackson 
j Academ) A"'ard-Hrsl ,\{trl' ...... 1 
7:30 and 10:00 
USB 2722 $1 

Saturday January 24 

"AMARCORD" 
Directed by 
Federico Fellini 
1975 Academy Award. (lest Foreign Film 
7.30ond 10,00 
Mondeville Aud. S1 

the public sector. His call is for a 
more austere, reduced form of 
local government. Government 
that does not act as the employer of 
last resort, but rather employs 
fewer people. 

By implication, Wilson is calling 
for a local government that 
provides fewer services, especially 
those that might be provided 
equally as well by the private 
sector as, for example, garbage 
collection. Above all, this 
streamlining of local government 
will result in a lessening of the 
local tax burden on individuals and 
busincss. Lessening of the tax 
burden will help business to the 
greatest extent. This benefit is 
expected to be translated by 
business into greater job expansion 
with the San Diego community. 
Such a policy is based on the 
hypothesis that industrial location 
is heavily influenced by local tax 
considerations; a hypothesis that 
varies grea tly from industry to 
industry. 

Mayor Wilson proposes to ac-
commodate this anticipated 
growth through the mechanism of 
a growth plan. I use the French 
term Le Plan to reflect the Mayor's 
eff orts to manage growth and 
accommodate private sector ex-
pansion with some cooperative 
context. Le Plan goes far beyond 
simplistic physical planning. It is 
an attempt to program, stage and 
price-out the where, when, how, 
and form growth will take. While 
not citing any specifics, Le Plan 
seeks to direct growth into already 
urbanized areas. It seeks to lower 
the cost of development through 
better use of what already exists, 
eg, streets, sewers and schools. 

Here we see reflected Wilson's 
past efforts in the areas of en-
vironment and conservation. By 
knowing where and when they can 
build, plus all capital facilities 
cost, developers and industrialists 
ca n use Le Plan as a fiscal tool. 
Everyone should benefit from this 
higher level of certainty. As yet, Le 
Plan has little to say in the area of 
socia l plalUling, or the costs and 
benefits of neighborhood change 
that will come about through the 
build-up of already urbanized San 
Diego. This appears to be its 
present major weakness. 

A key element of Le Plan 
strategy is an emphasis in a 
bi gge r, more diverse, more 
dynamic downtown. A downtown 
that will serve as a regional center 
for a variety of mixed needs. 
Reflecting on the downtown ;!m-
phasis of Le Plan, I have to ask, 
why? Does bigger always have to 
mean better? San Diego has 
become what it is without a 
traditional, highly dynamic 
downtown core. We have a city 
built on a high-technology freeway 
system, a low-<iensity living en-
vironment, and a separation of 
major retail and manufacturing 
employment from the downtown 
core. Why do we need a new 

Continued on Page 3 

7~ ~ 01 t)a,ud 
I~ A Mt:DIEVAl LITURGICAL DRAMA performed by the UCD Early Music Ensemble 

~~ 
jan. 22 8p.m. 

UCSD St $1.50 G.A $3.00 
TICKETS: UCSD BOX OFFICE 

Ja •• ryZl,ml 

IRI. 

Non-Candidate Muskie 
The son of Stephen Marciszewski, the tailor, answers The President of 

the United States on prime time this week. 
Mr. Ford says his State of the Union address (Jan. 19) is "the most 

importantspeech of my Administration" and he will outline a program on 
which he will build his election campaign. 

And for Sen. Muskie or Maine (whose father's name was shortened by 
the .immigration inspector when the family landed in America) it could be 
a Vital speech, too. He will have an hour simultaneously on three net-
works starting at 9 p.m. Wed. Jan. 21, in an unprecedented rejoinder for 
the Democratic Congressional Majority. It could be as illuminating to the 
voters on the actual issues of the election, as distinct from the froth ~kum and petsonalities of the primary contests, as anything since the' 
Nixon-Kennedy debates. It would be a new thing in American govern-
ment, a regular "State of the Union Reply ." 

How important it is will depend on two men, President Ford, who now 
everywhere sees Ronald Reagan giving a packaged Hollywood grin, over 
his shoulder, and Senator Muskie, 61, who once ran for vice-president 
with Hubert Humphrey, who has just announced that he is running again 
for the Senate, and who recalls his tough but idyllic boyhood in Rumsford, 
Maine, where "we bathed once a week in a tin tub heated on the stove ." 

The State of the Union address is a unique political art-form required 
by the Fathers who wrote that, " the (the President) shall from time to 
time give to the Congress Information of the State of the Union ..... Nor-
mally, a president sanctimoniously tells the folks how lucky they are, 
what a good job he's doing, and how they must now all work together br 
the splendid times that inevitably lie ahead. 

President Ford last year was a glorious exception to this and will be 
rewarded for it by history. The poor man had been president five short 
months. And he looked down on the joint session and announced honestly 
and modestly that " the state of the Union is not good" and that "I have 
got bad news, and I don't expect much, if any, applause." Whatever 
faults Mr. Ford may display hereafter that fine hour will be remembered. 

Just for contrast, Richard Nixon's State of the Union address in 
January 1974 carried the oracular promise, " there will be no recession in 
the Unites States of America." Cheers. Followed by the worst slump 
since the 30's. And Mr. Nixon, in the midst of the tightening Watergate 
coil, announced that he had " no intention whatever" of quitting, and was 
out in seven months . 

A lot of people are dismissing Mr. Ford too early, we think. For one 
thing Ronald Reagan has tied an anchor round his own leg in his proposal 
to cut the Federal budget by $90 billion and turn the services (and costs) 
over to the states. We were up in New Hampshire with Reagan, (who is an 
attractive, patient·spoken, ultra-conservative, we thought, with a 
weakness for Snappy box-office answers). There have been a lot of 
political graffes up there in treacherous New Hampshire, but this $90 
billion one IS the worst we can remember , and we don't see how he can get 
out of it even if he squirms like Houdini. 

Another thing about President Ford, though his Gallup poll rating is 
presently down to 39 percent, so what? Polls aren't people and Truman's, 
for example, was below that, and when Truman ran in 1948, daily 
newspapers were against him four to one. So what did voters do? - elected 
Harry. If we had to bet on 1976, we should think the Democrats would wiD 
this year, but it is way too early to say. 

And now a word about Sen. Muskie. This isn't the first time he has 
answered presidents. In 1970 he made two replies for his party to Nixon. 
The first one was after the State of the Union speech where the thrust was 
on environmental pollution. Muskie was chairman of a Senate committee 
on the subject and it was natural for him to make the response which was 
polite enough and didn't repeat his earlier taunt that the Administration 
was slogan-rich and action-poor. 

A different Muskie answered Nixon 's savage eye-of-the election 
broadcast, Nov. 2, 1970. All the President's paranoid rancor welled up 
against the crowd that had thrown rocks at his motorcade in San Jose, 
California. He recorded the speech in Phoenix, video-taped in black and 
white with harsh lights on his features like the one in his debate with Jack 
Kennedy, years before. He implied that political opponents were en· 
couraging lawlessness. 

Muskie's reply was quiet and powerful. Forty million people watched . 
It was put on back-to-back with the Nixon speech. His voice was 
measured and reassuring: "Something has gone wrong," he said of the 
Nixon vendetta: " It has been led, inspired and guided from the highest 
office of the land;" in the effort to " turn common distress into partisan 
advantage," he said, " they imply that Democratic candidates ... actually 
favor violence and champion the wrong-doer. "This," he said quietly, "is 
a lie. And the American people know it is a lie." It madc a sensation. 

Under Muskie's exterior calm there is a turbulent interior. He faced 
down a heckler once and an awed staff member whispered, "Geez, he's 
got a glare that would intimidate Mount Rushmore." His reply to Nixon 
really launched his 1972 presidential bid. He said he would fire J. Edgar 
Hooverfirst thing. He was "fronl-runner" fora year, which is as slippery 
a log to stand up on as any Maine lumberjack ever attempted, and he 
slipped off it that snowy day in the Manchester, New Hampshire primary 

Continued on Page. 

LSAT 
course beginning soon 

for those who wont to better scores 

For Info Call 222-6585 

JaOUllry 21, mt Page three 

Social Disease 
by Steve Esmedlna 

Staff Writer Third College Landscaping Begins 
In one of his frequent fits of hyperbolic outrage, John Simon derided 

Jean Lu~ Go~rd ~s "insignificant as .a~ artist but highly significant as a 
disease. Whll~ I m wary of plaguaflzmg the master of the bile-ridden 
barb, I can think of no better summation for the work of rock music's 
most significant disease, Elton JOM . 

With ~he aid of lyricist Bernie Taupin, John began his career as an ever-
so-preciOus rock "poet," fashioning three ponderous and over-arranged 
extravaganzas-" Elton John," " Tumbleweed Connection," and 
"Madman Across The Waters." In the last three years Elton has become 
the new messiah, the Big Superstar of rock . He has ~Iso become a con-
s~mate ha.ck, churning out banal, immediately accessible, imminently 

dls~ble sl~gl':5 and albums that are unique only in their propensity for 
ge ttmg stuck Inside the radio . 

~n hour doesn'~ go by when an Elton John song isn't heard at least 
tWice. A local radio station even went so far as to proclaim that it " plays 
more Elton John than any other station in the world." Sometimes it 
seems ~t the only song AM radio has on its playlist is "Don't Let the 
Island Sitch Save My Yellow Brick Crocodile Tonight." Elton JOM has 
turned pop culture into pop torture. 

or .course, ~is rock-star saturation is nothing new. But in terms of 
physlcalchansma, Elton is noElvis. And, musically, he is no Lennon and 

~ccartney. The paradox, then, is simply why Elton Jom? For sure, his 
smgle~ are catchy. But that's only because they are constructed around 

hook-I~ne choruses, and .nondescript, easy to remember, easy to forget 
melodies. Any .song that ~s played 200 bmes a day is likely to stick to one 's 
memory, despite any resistance. 

Is it his voice? :? me, it's an aggravating nasal whine, sort of a cross 
bet:oveen Jose FeliCiano and Alfalfa. Taupin's lyrics? When he isn't being 
deliberately! pe~~rsely obscure ("Levon," "The King Is Dead") then he ' 
tS cud-chewmg. ( COWltry Comforts," "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road") S~xISt ,('The Bitch Is Back," " Island Girl" ), or blubberingly patheti~ 
f D?n t Let The Sun Go Down On Me," "Someone Saved My Life 
TOnight"). 

GenericalIy, John uses thr~e motifs: the tortured, dirge-like ballad, 
thm-text~red R~lIl~g Stones f1poffs, a.nd bogus. continentalism. Nothing 
hc does IS con,":mc~ng .because there Isn't a glimmer of intelIigence or 
personal mtenslty m hiS work. The best rock songwriters-Bryan Ferry, 

Ra~dy Newman, and. Paul Simon-engage our emotions by working 
agamst them, by sur:pnsmg them. Instead of working for or against our 
emotIOns, John ~vOlds the~ completely. His songs are imitations of 

~ongs! rep,lete .wlth formulaiC mannerisms. An Elton John song is the 
mUSical . equlvalent.~ a Stewart Sandwich: preformed and flavorless . 
As for his v~unted sho~ship," well, I've seen him twice and the 

same ImpreSSI?n ( ~epreSSlOn) stuck. He looks like Tim Conway in a 
funny costume )umpmg .up and ~own on his piano. What a genius! 

So, I am. oft~n aske<;t, If Elt.on IS so lousy why is he so universally loved ? 
The q~esbon IS p~zzhng until you place Elton in his correct niche, right 

alon~slC~. J~ck-t~-the-Box, " American Bandstand," "Billy Jack" 
mOVies, GlIliga.n s Is~nd" and Taco Bell. At his best, John is the prime 
e~ponent of stupid-mUSIC. Perhaps that's the most cogent explanation for 
hiS popularity. There, Elton is peerless. 

Concert Scene 

Contractors are adding the 
finishing touches, $69,500 worth of 
landscaping , to the recently 
opened Third College Unit 1 
academic complex and residence 
halls. 

The landscaping project, which 
involves approximately six-and-a-
ha lf acres of the eight acre com-
plex, is scheduled to reach com-
ple tion within three months , ac-
cording to UCSD architect Bill 
Loy, a chief designer of the project. 

Once the planting phase of the 
operation is completed, the Third 
College complex will be shaded by 
over 280 eucalyptus trees of three 
different species, 21 Torrey pines, 
and several other species. The 
remaining acreage will be filled in 
with turf and scattered shrubbery . 
A recreation area with basketball 
and volleyball courts is in the 
planning stages for the area ad-
jacent to the new residence halls. 

Construction of the new Third 
College facilities was begun back 
in 1974, and once the Unit 1 land-
scaping is completed the total cost 
will have come to just under three 
million dollars, according to Mr. 
Loy. 

Unit 2 Top Priority 
However, the Third College 

campus, as it was originally 
planned, is far from completed. 
Only eight acres of the allocated 30 

Le Plan ... 
downtown at this time , and whom 
will it serve? 

Surely downtown areas provide a 
reflection of a city . For some 
people San Diego's lack of a 
downtown characterizes its lack of 
a particular character, or im-
portant history. The downtown 
cannot claim to be a village like La 
Jolla, nor a dynamic center like 
San Francisco. The downtown has 
not played a role in the city 's 
history as have New York 
Chicago, or San Francisco. Wilson: 
in part, seems to be trying to 

War Collides With S h provide San Diego with a down-Ymp ony town symbo.! ·that would reflect its role as the mnth most populous city 
. " War", the first group in the 

history of the record business to 
get a gold record before they were 
even signed to a label, will be 
appearing Thursday night at the 
Golden Hall beginning at 8 pm. 
Chart busting hits ~y the group 
Inc lude the " World is a Ghetto" "~he Cisco Kid" , and "Lo~ 
Rider ." War's music is charac-
terized by its distinct Afro-Latin 
accent. 

Pianist Gina Bachauer wi\l 

perform with th e San Diego 
Symphony Jan. 22, 23 and 25 at 
8pm in the Civic 'Theatre. 
Bachauer, a stUdent of Sergei 
Rachmoninoff, will play the 
" Mephisto Waltz" by Franz Liszt 
and Raclunoninoff's famous Piano 
Concerto No. 2 in C minor. In 
addition, Music Director Peter 
Eros will conduct the Symphony in 
the Concert Suite from "The 
Miraculous Mandarin" and 
Bartok-Weiner's "Two Romanian 
Dances." 

in the nation, and one of America's 
Continued on Page \I 

Regents ... 
George Gilliam, Assemblyman 
Wi11ie Brown and Johan Vascon-
cellos. 

However, Watson said he wants 
to receive input from the UC 
community before the next 
meeting of the committee on 
January 31 in San Francisco. 

Watson may be reached at the 
Third College Deans office . 

• 
'Lt. .c. ~an 1]:)££90 CampLU fPwguun !BOQ.tJ pt£1Lnh 

in concert 

RAfAEl 
DRlJiAN 

(violin) 

DENis 
BROTT 

(cello) 

MANdEVillE AudiTo.iuM 

ClAud 
FRANk 

(piano) 

Wed. Jan. 28, 8p.m. UCSD St. $2 G.A. $5 

Tickets at UCSD Box Office 

• 

acres have been developed thus 
far. The campus is scheduled to be 
construct d in two more phases 
Units 2 and 3, pending approval of 
the budgeting request by the state 
legislature and Governor Brown. 
According to Third College 
Business Manage r A.W. Russ, the 
Third College Unit 2 project is 
listed as a number one priority on 
the University's budget request. 

As a result of UCSD's develop-
mcnt, (Mandeville center was 
completed last year, and plans for 
further Third College, Fourth 
College, and medical school 
facilities are being worked upon,) 
a study is currently being made by 
administrators of the grounds 
maintenance department. 

According to Sandy Clark, 
Superintendent of Physical Plants, 
the department is being faced with 
a rapidly expanding area to 
maintain , and foresees no increase 

DAVID BOWIE 
CAT STEVENS 
Tickets Available at 

Son Diego Ticket Sales 
273-4567 

We hove 'he only Qood seals In lown 

in budget, manpower or machinery 
by the state. " We don 't anticipate 
any more money, so we' ll just have 
to do more with the money we do 
have," said Mr. Clark . According 
to Clark, the present study is 
designed to reevaluate the services 
performed by the grounds crew 
and to set priorities of " high i~ 
tensity, moderate intensity, and 
low intensity," so that his crew of 
39 workers will be able to keep the 
expanding campus as safe and 
scenic as possible. 

COP1ES 
..... 

.... 211 C ICI 
::.. 12 •• 1 .... 

OMGeZLOCA_ 
UOI% ....... 1:14-1323 
II" CClLu.A" .7~1" 

CIlJRTERS 
SAVE UP TO 50% in '76 

EUROPE fromS299 * 
2-3·4-5-6 up to 24 wks. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 915 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEATS on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 
0." ... " ~_ It .11. 

291-8141 

D~~~~:~ 
MI .. .." Votlty-E",otoiIIo &:dg 

1333 Camino del Rio South 
S.D •• CA 92108 

• Minimum fare which rises de· 
pendent on dote & I,,"gth 01 fl it • . 

HANSEN SURFBOARDS 
of Encinitas 

Skiing, Surfing, Backpacking, Tennis 
Open every day: Wed. Thurs. F" . "19:00 pm 

~ r..f..I--t ·cc~~~ ... ~ _. ~• ~ ... ~ ~:t . " ~d ~ ........... ;.;_-~ . ,.) ~ ..-~,. Zarvell's 
~. . . RIaw HeteJ Packers and Distributors of 

~ ~ FueIc. 9uim Honey and Honey Produds 
·~~f_ <r ' ~~ uu.u. Mon.-Sot. 9:00-8:00 ~'~.~~,H±U~"'-~. ~153 Camino Del Mar 755-0957 

A'twork by Jim EVins" 



Fen rs lose 
on I orne Turf 

by Jon Halperin 
'Staff Writer 

The All-Cal fencing tournament 
was held last weekend on UCSD's 
own home turf, but it didn't help 
the Tritons in the overall stand-
ings. They finished in fourth place, 
just edging out Santa Barbara. 

Four other UC schools competed, 
UC Davis, UCLA, UC Berkeley and 
the well-coached champions, UC 
Santa Cruz. 

The tournament opened Friday 
night, with the Eppee competition. 
UCSD came out with a 3rd place 
finish, losing only to UCLA and UC 
Berkeley. 

Saturday morning started with 
the Sabre competition, and then 
later the Women's Foil. The San 
Diegans finished 4th in the 
"'Sabre" and a dismal 6th in the 
Women's Foil. This put UCSD in a 
4th place tie with UC Santa Bar-
bara, going into Saturday night's 
competition, the Men 's Foil. 

UCLA, UC Berkeley and UC Santa 
Cruz all had a shot at winning the 
title, going into the final com-
petition. 

In the men's foil, UCLA and UC 
Santa Cruz turned out to be the 
class of the show. The winner was 
not decided until the final bout of 
the night, when the poised UC 
Santa Cruz fencers emerged 
victorious over the Bruins giving 
them the All-Cal fencing crown. 

UCSD coach John Helmich, 
when asked about · his team's 
performance in the tourney, was 

not the least bit flustered. 
" I felt we were surprisingly 

good, considering the competition. 
UC Santa Cruz and UC Berkeley 
both have excellent programs. We 
have a very young and inex-
perienced squad. Only one or two 
had any previous experience 
be:ore this year. I was generally 
pll~ased. " 

Performing well for the Tritons 
were Ken Reed, Steve Bernath, 
Mike Arnall , Mark Eggert, Ed 
Miller and Chuck Noyes, according 
to Helmich. 

M ... e. .. 
four years ago, tripped up by the original dirty trick, the phony "Canuck" 
letter. 

So why does he speak for the Democrati~ C?ngress now? Mike ~ans­
field picked him, for one thing, because he Isn t a presidentl8l candidate 
as everybody else seems to be. Besides that, his rangy &-foot 4 frame 
reminds some of a moose-they are big, loosely hung, with a good deal of 
reserve power. But more important, for a year now, Muskie has known as 
much about the budget as anybody in Congress, and Mr. Ford's speech is 
on the budget. Budget committee chairman Muskie's effort to keep ap-
propriations in line with revenues could be the most important thing in 
the 94th Congress. It's a startling new idea. Sometimes he has seemed 
like Big Daddy leading a child: But he isn't a candidate-he says. 

La Plan ... 
finest cities. However, many doubt 
that San Diego needs any of this at 
all. 

A city's unique assets are a 
reflection of its history, and the life 
styles of it's people. The City's tics 
with Mexico surely deserve to be 
retained and further nutured. The 
development of our environmental 
assets as reflected in San Diego 
and Mission Bay, Balboa Park, and 
Old Town are clear examples of 
our uniqueness. Surely the people 
of San Diego deserve a better, 
more useable downtown. But does 

better mean bigger? 

The mayor in his "State of the 
City" message has told us that we 
live in a city in which the founding 
father's would take much pleasure, 
that we must reexamine the role 
and function of local government, 
and that although times are hard, 
our future looks bright. A return to 
the basics of the private market for 
jobs, a more limited but selective 
role for government, and the ac-
commodation to slow gradual 
change; it almost sounds like a 
Bicentennial minute. 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssiFiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates 

Classlfleds should eIther be pronted or typed on a 3" x 5" card (available 
In Troton Times off ice) They may be subm itted anytIme between 9 and 
noon and 1 and 4 p .m 

The following rates are for 100 spaces -- if you use more spaces , the rate 
WIll double . (100 spaces -- 25 cents: 101 to 200 -- 50 cents) . 

Personals -- $1 
Lost and Found -- free 
Other ads: students -- 25 cents 
nonstudents -- $1 

Deadlones : 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 pm Monday for Wednesday ; 4 pm 
Wednesday for Friday. 

Announcements: free. All announcements will run in the Monday 
calendar . Deadl ine for calendar: 4 pm Friday. 

(All add itions or corrections to listings in the Schedule of Classes for 
regular University courses will be charged $1) . 

TRAVEL 
EUROPE . ISRAEL. ORIENT . NY TGC Low 
cos t IIlghts. t 436 S. La Cienega BI. L.A . 
90035 714 735-9618/213652-2727 . (3/12) 

WANTEd 
Funk-Rock Band needs good trumpet player 
Lots of mUSIcal enjoyment. experience . and 
money available. Rusty 755-5571. (1/21) 

PERSONALs 
Blue Sly-Happy Full Moon (a lIllie late again) 
My thump sure IS dry. Love and SmIles BE's 
(1 / 21 ) 

Belated 20 1\ 23 B-day GreetIngs to WW & BJ 
from LW 1\ JC You'lI gel yours on Froday 
nIght I I (1 / 21 ) 

Kerr Bear and Oueen Deborah - Have a fun & 
wonderful nineteen 1111 From your SUltles I 
(1 /21) 

Peugeot Man's Bike. 100speed , $115 or Best 
Offer. 26" 27()'5146 - Bob (1/23) 

GIbson Public Address System . like new 
$200 or Best Offer Call Bob 270-5146. (1/23) 

Magnavox Reel To RI Tape Deck w l auto Rev . 
BeautIful sound . toke new $210 cr oller call 
Bob 27()'51 46 (1 /23) 

Concord Achnl receiver acco ustaflex 
speaker's Koss Quad headphones Brand new 
$235 - 284-2675 - Paul. (1/23) 

SanSUI 1000 A stereo receIver 50 wrms lIke 
new must sell leavong country - $185 - 284-
2675 - Paul . (1/23) 

PIoneer Pllz turntable w /base. cover & 50 cd-
4 Cartridge only . 1 month Old , ask $90 - Call 
273-3506 (1 /21) 

1972 HONDA CB350 "you want to cruse in 
the sun WIth very lIttle expense $450 - Call 
DaVId - 481 -9626 eve . (1 /23) 
RIeker SkI Boots for sale . Mens 9'12 - $25 or 
Best Offer Call Dwight at 453-1879. (1 / 21) 

1 5 BEETLE In excellent condItion . AM-FM 
radIo. $725 . 279-2934. 11 /21) 

2 DaVId BOWIe tIcke ts SO Sports Arena Feb 
t 3 call Rose at 453-3950 - They're good seats. 
I t 121) 

SURFBOARD 8 It Hansengun very good 
condItion $50 or Best Oller - 453-3882. (1 /21) 

LOST & fOUNd 
FOUND Keys on "pony" key chaIn. Pick up 
at n olllce. (1 /21) 

LOST Brown tinted wIre rom glasses In MUIr 
cafeteria . Call Mark at 453-8883 . (1 /21) 

LOST Blue MIdas bag with track stull In It. 
Return to n office or call eves. 5-10. 
REWARD!' - 582-5455 . (1/21) 

LOST Red spIral bound notebook for ling . 
182 Please call Nancy at 452-0659. II I'm not 
there leave message . (1 / 21) 

FOUND Konwal Baby LIghter in 5 & Dime on 
1 / 19 Identify . -452-9185. (1/21) 

ItOUSiNG 
F ROOMATE NEEDED for 3 bdrm / 3 ba 
condo 011 Genessee behind Scripps hi 
$75 / mo -453-0514 . (1 / 23) 

Own Rm In 2 Br Apt in Clairmont, M / F quiet , 
non smoker . uti Inc . call John . 560-5627 -
Aller 4pm - $120. (1/21) 

ROOMMATE wted 3 br condo Solana Bch 
Ocean fronl

' 

Pools . Tennis . JacUZZI In-
credIble view . $160 mo . -Mike - 453-7401 . 
11 /26) 

ROOMMATE WANTED 3 Br Condo Genesee 
HIgh $89 mp FurnIshed . dryer, washer . 
carpeted . p,ano 2 ml. to UCSD.-Ed 452-8967 
aller 7 pm . (1 / 21) 

FEMALE ROOMMATEwantcd 20-30 non-
smoker and no pets own room $98 + 
utll,lles 3 ml from UCSD -453-8669. (1/ 21) 

M ROOM ATE WANTED to share large lIatln 
MI SSIon HIlls . Many extras. Canyon rim . alt I 
6 ev s.-295-0998. Paul . (2/2) 

ANNOlJNCEMENTS 

UJS meeting todoy from 12-3 pm 
in the Student Center Conference 
room . Important information to be 
discussed, so please attend. 

WRITING CLINIC : If you have 
difficulty gelling your ideas down 
on paper or you simply want to 
improve your writing skills, the 
Writing Clinic can assist you . The 
Writing Clinic is not a class, but a 
free service. Writing advice is 
offered on a one-to-one basis on 
course papers, job applications, 
resumes, proposals, scholarly 
articles--whatever the need. If we 
can assist you in any way, please 
come to 1254 Humanities library or 
coli 452-2522 to make an ap-
pointment. 

Tanja Winter will be speaking on 
the topic of "Women in China" at7 
pm on Thursday in the International 
Center. Slides will be shown. 
Everyone is invited to attend. 

ATTENTION REVELLE WINTER 
GRADUATES: A list of the Revelle 
seniors who have declared their 
candidacy for Winter Quarter 
Graduation has been posted on the 
bulletin board outside of the 
Revelle Provost's Office. If your 
nome is not on the list, please see 
Eliza Gillies, in the Provost's Office. 

There will be a meeting of the 
Frisbee Club tomorrow in the 
Recreation _Gym Conference Center 
at 4 pm. Members and those who 
wish to join are urged to attend. 

Hungry? The Muir Snack Bar is 
open evenings from 9-12 midnight 
with a complete line of goodies ... 
open seven days a week. 

There is a ski club meeting 
tomorrow night at 7:30 in CR 104. 
Ski trip information will be 
available. 

Anyone interested in intramural 
tennis? Come to the captain's 
meeting Friday, at 3 pm in the 
Recreation Gym Office #21 . 

There will be a film "Double 
Day" about working women in 
Latin America shown tomorrow at3 
pm in the North Conference Room 
of the Student Center. FREE. 

HEATRE .PRESENTS: 

. ' 

UCSD 11IEATRE January 30, 31. 
February 1, 3, 4, 5 6, 7 8. 8:00 p.rn. 

A Love/Hate Play in Black and White 

IN 
A 

Alice Childreu 

Tickete - '3.00 & '1.50 
UCSD Theatre Ticket OffiCCl 

Mon. - Fri., Noon to 4100 


