
The skies over La Jolla were full of gliding enthusiasts this weekend. The San Diego gliding groups . The annual event ran all weekend, and included 
cliffs of Black's Beach were the site of a city-wide competition sponsored by contests for duration, target bombing, and landing accuracy. 

Del Mar to 
Float O·pen 
Space Bond 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

The Del Mar City Council opted 
last week to finance open space 
acquisition with a $1.5 million bond 
issue rather than through 
redevelopment. 

The issue will be put before Bel 
Mar voters on the June primary 
ballot. If passed, it will add ten 
cents per 100 dollars of assessed 
valuation to the property tax rate, 
City Manager Wayne Dernetz 
estimated. 

The city council rejected the 
redevelopment poIDiibility for legal 
and political reasons after meeting 
with an attorney last week, Der-
netz said. Cities generally use 
redevelopment laws to finance the 
rebuild ing of the city's inner areas. 

For the redevelopment laws to 
apply, the city must declare itself 
blighted. 

In areas declared blighted, all 
the new assessed property value 
goes to the city. If Del Mar were 
declared blighted the city would be 
able to put all new assessed 
property value towards open 
space acquisition. In Del Mar, the 
city normally gets only 11.2 per-
cent of the assessed property value 
with the remainder divided bet-
ween the county and the schools. 

After consulting with the at-
torney , the council found that few 
parts of Del Mar could be legally 
termed blighted. 

Del Mar Mayor Nancy Hoover 
acknowledged that the council's 
decision was also influenced by the 
possibility that Del Mar residents 
would be upset if the city were 
declared blighted. "Everyone 
here is involved; they know what's 
going on and they wouldn't let the 
council get away with it," Hoover 
said. 

"A Lot of Money" 
The .redevelopment option was 

attractive to the council for several 
reasons, Hoover said. First. since 
property values have increased 
. evera lfold in Del Mar over the 
past few years, redevelopment 
would have given the council " a lot 
of money." The second advantage 
of redevelopment was that the 
. ouneil could have implemented it 
Immediately and then sought voter 
approval of the plan. The plan 
1Y0uid have required a simple 
majority to have been continued. 

The bond issue will requir a 
lwo-third's majority to pass. 

Hoover predicts that the pa g 
Cuntlnued on Page 8 

Maria Del Drago (TT photo: 
Nathan Meyers) 

Aff Ac Dean 
Sees Student 
Discri mination 

by Mike Scarano 
Staff Writer 

" My feeling is that, at UCSD as a 
whole, many members of the 
campus community discriminate 
against students," said Maria Del 
Drago, assistant dean of student 
affairs for affirmative action. 

Del Drago, appointed Dec. 1, 
believes that students in general -
as well as minorities and women -
are often deprived of their rights 
and given "second rate" treatment 
by staff and facuIty members. 

A recent experiment, performed 
Cuntinued on Page 8 

Student Vote 
Drive Starts 
Today for '76 

A massive voter registration 
drive on nearly 100 California 
college campuses will begin today. 

Student Vote '76, the California 
part of the National Movement for 
the Student Vote, Inc., hopes to 
register thousands of college 
students by May 9 to vote in the 
June8 primary. 

"College students were granted 
the right to fully participate in the 
electoral process when the right to 
vote was granledl:o 18-year-olds," 
Student Vote '76 coordinator Kevin 
Woodruff said. " But concerted 
voter registration efforts are 
needed to ensure that students 
exercise that right." 

Crucial Issues 
Student Vote '76 organizers have 

emphasized the amount of issues 
crucial to students that will be 
decided by the June primary. 

'There will be many important 
issues on the ballot on which the 
student voice must be heard," Jim 
Knox, of the California Community 
College Student Government 
A sociation, said. "Both major 
parties will have contested 
primaries for their .presidential 
and senatorial nominations." 

"There will be 15 state ballot 
propositions, including Proposition 
15, the Nuclear Safeguards 
Initiative. There will also be many 
congressional and state legislative 
primaries, and literally thousands 
of local races and issues." 

In San Diego three county 
supervisorial positions and several 

Cnntinued 011 Page 8 

MOIlday. Marcll Zt.lt'1I 

Non-Resident Tuition 
Jumps $405 This Fall 

Regents Sidetrack Legislature 
by Chris Bowman 

Staff Writer 
DAVIS - A tuition increase of 

$405 per year for out-of-state and 
foreign students at UC was ap-
proved at the close of finals week 
by the Board of Regents. 

Beginning this fall, tuition for 
non-residents will rise from $1500 
to $1905 per academic year. It is 
the first increase in five years. 

UC President Saxon said the 27 
percent increase " relates directly 
to the inflationary effects of 
salaries and price increases on 
instructional costs in recent 
years." UC officials said the' state 
master plan for higher education 
allows UC to adjust non-resident 
fees for price increases. 

. Favored by SBPC 
The tuition hike, couple with non-

resident education and registration 
fees raises the total annual non-
resident charge for un-
dergraduates from $2100 to $2505, 
and from $2160 to $2665 for 
graduate students. 

The Student Body Presidents 
Council (SBPC) endorsed the 
measure. The SBPC told the 
Regents Committee on finance that 
unless non-resident tuition is 
raised the legislature will set ar-
bitrary limits on non-resident 
enrollment for California 's 
expensive professional schools. 

The legislature is currently 
considering a bill by Assemblyman 
Michael Wornum (D-Mill Valley) 
which would limit non-resident 
medical students to five percent of 
total enrollment. The university is 

opposing the bill. 
Impo~ant Programs 

The Regents' action came after 
the committees heard how UC is 
doing on two of its most important 
programs - financial aids and 
hiring of women and minorities. 

UC students received $85 .9 
million in financial aids during 1974 
and 1975 - about $8 million more 
than the previous year, the report 
said . 

Financial support in the form of 
scholarships, grants, work-study 
and loans was awarded to 48,991 of 
199,282 students. 

UC Vice- president Robert 
Johnson said the $8 million in-
crease marked a " phenomenal 
growth." But Bevan Duffty, SBPC 
representative from Berkeley said 
he fea r s that financially in-
dependent students from middle 
and high income families are 
draining financial aid dollars from 
students with low-income 
backgrounds. He said the 
University should take a student's 
family income into consideration 
when making financial aid awards. 

The affirmative action report 
showed that positions for women in 
the UC work force exceeded those 
for minorities. 

The percentage for women 
howed its largest gain - 20.3 to 

21 .8 percent - in academic em-
ployees from 1973 to 1975. 

Hiring Rate 
Although there was a net in-

crea e in the number of minorities 
in that two year period, the per-

Continued on Page 8 

University Hospital Developing T ay-Sachs Detect Program 
by James G. Soto 

City Eclitor 

One out of 23 Jewish people in San Diego County carries the genetic 
trait for Tay-Sachs disease. Tay-Sachs causes neurological deterioration 
and early death in infants born with the disorder. 

Cynthia Sucov, the San Diego program coordinator for the Univer ity 
Hospital Tay-Sachs prevention program, said that the San Diego area has 
shown a far higher incidence of the genetic disorder than the national 
norm. ~ 

Th Tay-Sachs trait usually oc urs in one out of 30 individuals of 
Eastern European Jewish ancestry and in one out of every 300 non-J w . 
However, Sucov said that a recent d tection program administ red in the 
San Diego area turned up a far high number of Jew with th Tay-Sachs 
trait. The non-Jewish population, a cording to Su 0 , has al 0 shown a 
far higher tendency towards the di ea e, though no con lusive evidenc 
have been presented. 

Univ rsity Hospital is sponsoring a major confer lie thi Thur day 
and Friday at the Stud nt enter for thos intere ted in working on a 
ampus detection program or for ju t finding out more about th diseas . 

The meeting will be held in th north confer nee room both da from 
11 :30 am to 12 :30 pm. 

Su ov will present a pro ram of various a peets of the di 
Aft rward , th onf r nc will br ak into mall r groups. S 

groups will discuss the different areas that will be covered in the 
d tection program. 

Cuntinu('d on Page 



Cnia U,1I1da 
OpinfOB editor 

Mark Woelber 
Ma_,btcedlt .. 

Mark SUIdIer 
Newaedltor 

JamesG,ScU. 
City editor ' 

SaraJ,Lowea' 
Commulty~r 

The Jriton Times il recognized as the official student newspaper by 
the Communications Boord of UCSO. U~signed e4ltlorio1s represent 
the views of the majority of the editorial board (above), and not the 
views of tire University, the Communications Boord or the student 
bo4y. . 

The College Vote 
We urge UC San Diego students to register by May 7 to vote in the 

June 8 primary election. 
The June ballot wUl feature an unusually large number of issues that 

greaUy concern students. There will be statewide presidential and 
senatorial primary contests, as well as many congressional and state 
legislative primaries. California voters will decide the fate of 15 state 
ballot propositions, including Proposition 15, the nuclear safeguards 
initiative. 

Literally thousands of local races and issues will be decided on June 8, 
too. 

College students can determine the results of these elections. There are 
over one mjJJion students in California, and they clearly represent a 
potentially decisive electoral bloc. The potential students have was 
demonstrated in 1974 when both Gov. Brown and Lt. Gov. Dymally won 
by less than 300,000 votes each. College students have also already swung 
many local elections, including several important state Assembly races. 

But to exert this influence, students must vote. To vote on June 8, 
students must register to vote by May 7, the closing date of most campus 
voter registration drives. 

Students who have never registered before must register, of course, 
And any student turning IS on or before June 8 is eligible to register and 
vote on June S. 

Students who have moved must also re-register, as must students who 
have changed names or occupations. Any student who did not vote in the 
1974 general election must also re-register. 

Further, any student wishing to vote in a certain party's primary in 
June must officially register as a party "member" when registering to 
vote. 

CalHomia has no registration residency requirement - that is, a person 
who moves here on or before May 9, the official registration deadline, 
may register here and vote in June. And California courts have 
specifically granted college students the right to register and vote at 
campus addresses. It is wise for students to exercise this right: the voice 
of students is more easily organized and recognized, and so more 
powerful, if concentrated near campus, 

Students as California voters are faced with many important issues and 
candidates on the June ballot - and students as California voters can 
dctermine the fate of these issues and candidates. But exercising political 
muscle requires that students register to vote by May 7. 

600 Profs Play Hooky 
For the third time ill a row, the Academic Senate has failed to make a 

quorum. At its last meeting the Senate neglected important business 
when it could only muster 28 of the 32 voting members necessary to 
legitimize action. Among other topics of concern to the Senate is COIl-
sidcr:!tion of a switch in employe I that is, faculty I bencfits from a state 
syste n to a division of Social Security. Although early discussion focused 
un thl! merll ~f thl' fNleral system, study has revealed hazards in the new 
IJilln I,f which many faculty members iiI' nnt:r arc. 

AU tough the last meeting of the AS was unable to conduct business, 
most members stuck around to discuss the problem of attendance with 
c'hairmall Sheldon Schultz. , 

Amun, the suggestions from the noor was one for more puWi ity . A 
m('mber from Scripps suggested the meting be movcd to a central 
lucatiun instead of a lecture hall in the Mcdi al Shoo!. Another suggestcd 
that ('ach department bind a represcntativc to the AS so that essential 
husilless is discussed in every corridor. 

SC'hultz suggested that the size of the quorum be reduced to some 
numb'r that might Ix' easily attaincd, giVl.'II typical faculty interest . 
Shul tz cven suggested tlK' right number himself: count the people who 
\Htlk ill thc dOllr, and that's your quorum! 

Whatever noals ... 
Thl' Ac'ad mil' Senat' sho .. ld make a d 'cisiun cm its quorum rule. Soon ; 

Ihl' ' urial Sccuril rer ' r 'ndum is immir1l'nt. In I.rder to changt· thc 
IJllllrum rull'. Ih' A will han' a quorum pr(,M'nt. Start thumping your 
lUI. . • 

Munday. March 29, 1976 

Appeal from Louisiana Death Row 
by the Student Coalition 

Against Racism 

Gary Tyler, 17, was convicted 
last November by an all-white jury 
of a murder he did not commit. 

On Oct. 7, 1974, a series of fights 
between black and white students 
at Destrehan High School in St. 
Charles Parish, La. prompted the 
principal of the school to close it 
down early. 

Gary Tyler was not at the school 
during the fights that day. He and a 
friend were walking along a road 
several miles from the school when 
they were picked up by a sheriff's 
deputy and driven to the school. 

Tyler arrived at the school just in 
time to join other black students 
being crowded into buses past a 
mob of 200 stone-throwing white 
students. 

As the buses pulled away, a 

Letters to the Editor 

white student was shot. He died a 
few hours later. Cops stopped the 
bus Tyler was in, claiming the shot 
had come from the bus. The bus 
and all 75 students on it were 
searched for two hours. All the 
seats were taken apart, but no gun 
was found. 

Then the students and the bus 
were taken to a police station, 
where the search was continued. 
Finally, the cops removed a seat 
from the bus, took it into the police 
station and a few minutes later 
announced that they had "found" a 
. 45-caliber automatic pistol stuffed 
into a slash in the seat. 
Mysteriously, the same weapon 
had disappeared 'from a police 
firing range earlier. 

Only one student of the 75 on the 
bus testified she had seen Tyler 
fire the gun. Sworn statements by 
attorneys after the trial showed 

that this student had been under 
psychiatric care for seven years, 
lied frequently and had drug 
charges pending against her at the 
time of Tyler'S trial. 

On Dec. IS, Tyler was secretly 
transferred to Louisiana State 
Penitentiary and placed on "death 
row. " He is scheduled to be 
executed May 5. 

We have all rallied to the defense 
of Angela Davis, the Attica 
prisoners, the San Quentin Six, and 
Joanne Little. Now is the time for 
us to rally to the aid of Gary Tyler . 
a black youth who has been 
railroaded by hatred and racism. 

We demand that the charges 
against Tyler by immediately 
dropped. 

Students who would like more 
information should contact the 
SCAR office in the student center. 

Contours of Sexism 
It was quite heartening to 

receive such an overwhelming 
reply to my rather benign letter 
suggesting that some of the more 
radical female elements take a 
figurative "break." Forgive me ! I 
did not realize you folks had such 
fra gile egos. 

I find it fruitless to continue this 
esoteric debate because of your 
inability to listen to anything from 
a bona-fide male, but I will call 
your attention to a couple of minor 
details. 

First, you girls seem confused 
about the legitimate "sexism" on 
the TT staff. Jeung-Mills asserts 
that "generally one does not use 
' logic' when dealing with the T'I'; 
we women learned that long ago." 
But Pierce alludes to the March 10 
issue of T'I' where " ... he (Mandel) 
will find a good deal of coverage 
authored by women." 

It 's funny, but somehow I cannot 
fathom BlG SISTER (Jeung-
Mills' ) contention that she 
represented all women at UCSD, in 
her statement from March 10 ("on 
behalf of all women on this cam-
pus") of the more sensible women 
I have had the good fortune to meet 
here are proud of their sex and are 
not hung-up about preconceived 

Teachers, 

male threats to their individuality 
or sex. I am a male and proud of it. 
Are you proud to be female? 

I ..astly, it appears that the 
Feminist Coalition is striving to 
emulate the male role in society. 
This only means that they regard 
males as superior. And that is most 
unfortunate. If you cannot find the 
pride to believe in yourselves, it is 

not your place to criticize those 
who do. 

I know life is tough, but try 
wearing a smile and a nicely' 
contoured outfit on occasion. You 
may discover, to your surprise, a 
little more recognition. 

ALAN MANDEL 
EXPERlMENTAL PATHOLOGY 

Revelle Wri.ting Program 
,Beefed Up 

Two important additions to your March 10 feature article on writing 
requirements at Revelle College. 

\. Urged by the uc San Diego administration to assume responsibility 
for writing on this campus, the Department of Literature, after a 
nationwide search, hired Professor Jean Pfaelzer to formulate a writinl( 
program at Revelle. Th\s she has done, though the article fails to mention 
that she is Director of Writing Programs at Revelle. The article does not 
even mention her name. . 

2. That students have shown themselves to be worried about the 
inadequacy of their own writing skills is one of the major reasons the 
writing program is being developed at Revelle. 

DONALDWESLING 
CHAIRMAN, ACADEMlCSENATE 
COMMITTEE ON SUBJECT A AND 

WRITING 

Keep Those Cards, Letters Moving 
Like many of my fellow 

graduating students, I have 
prepared the necessary forms that 
are required in order to be con-
sidered for my further educational 
I(oals . Similarly, I have had the 
experience of requesting recom-
mendations from current or past 
professors and research super-
visors. These experiences are not 
unique ; neither are the complaints 
that I wish to register concerning 
thcm. 

I have found , for the most part, 
the academic community on this 
ca mpus to be quite responsive to 
thcse types of requests ; most act 
on them with haste. Howevcr, 
there a minority of individuals who 
will respond affirmatively to such 
requests. and then fail to act out 
their sworn commitment. 

I strongly feci tha t this type of 
behavior is both professionally and 
morally inept. A student, once 
having made such a request, is 
entrusting the individual with a 
responsibility. ne would think 
lhat a pcrson who has attained a 
I('vel of promin ' nce on a university 

faculty has the ability to Fulfill this 
responsibility. To fa il in this 
commitment is to put the student in 
jeopardy with respect to his 
academic future. 

I am appalled by the thought of 
being rejected or not given proper 
and fair consideration of an at>-
plication due to an imcomplete file 
that is missing something I 
requested from an individual more 
than two or three months ago. This 
shock is increased when I realize 
the number of other students who 
may be in a similar position. 

This letter is not intended to 
s ingle out anyone individual or 
group of persons. Names have not 
been included - some could be 
easily furnished, as I have had 

personal experiences and have had 
others reported to me by other 
applicants. 

It only functions as a caution and 
a warning to students and 
professors. Students - be careful 
of the man who does not fulfill your 
unwritten obligation. Professors 
- stop the charadc. our futures are 
more important to us than you 
might think. Certainly, they are 
more important to us than yours. 
It is a sad day for higher education 
when the men and women we hold 
in such esteem cannot be 
responsible to the people who come 
to support and learn from them. 

TERRY PORTER 
REVELLE COLLEGE 

The Triton T'mes Is recogn ized by the Communications Board of UCSO as the official 
student newspaper. Publicalton Is on Mondays . WedneSdays and Fridays <lUring the 
regular school year (except on ofllclal holidIYs~ . Editorlll and business offICes are 
located in t17 BI"e Halt on the AflIIette Cot lege campus. Unl.ftlslty of Californ ia. San 
Diego 

Letters to the Editor and opinion columns are welcomed . All submission. shoutd oe 
typed on a 14·space line on non8lasable paper. They ,"auld not exceed three P"lles In 
lenglh double·spaced The Triton Times reserves Itle righl to edll SUbmissions oec.use 
of space hmltallons or styl requirements 

For edIIO"sl . cetI 1l52·34e6. for business and display adwrtlsementl. c"14~·34e8 
nllreconlenlacopyrlghl1976. Tro lon Times 

\llIncluy. March 29. 1976 

by Mark McCarty 
lJ( 'SU Mt'dkal Student 

It is not generally known or 
appreciated that cancer of the 
colon or rectum is the second 
leading cancer killer in the US 
today. It receives far less publicity 
than do "glamor cancers" such as 
those of the lung, breast, cervix, or 
leukemia - probably because it is 
encountered less frequently among 
the young or middle-aged. 
Approximately 45,000 Americans 
die from it each year. Its incidence 
has been rising gradually over the 
!ast several decades. Surgical 
removal of the entire tumor mass 
offers the only good hope for cure, 
for which reason early detection is 
of . primary importance; 
chemotherapeutic and radiological 
methods rarely afford cures. 

same decade, Druckrey showed 
that incubation of dehydronor-
cholene in vitro with cultures of 
bacteria from the colons of colon 
cancer patients could produce 
compounds which were car-
cinogenic upon injection in raL<;; 
however, to the best of my 
knowledge it has never been 
demonstrated that dehydronor-
cholene, a compound formed by a 
simple ring closure of 
deoxycholate, can actually be 

l rllfll. ~ 10M'S 
If indeed carcinogen production 

form bile acids is taking place in 
the colon, it is instructive to con-
sider the factors which would 
eletermine the concel1tration of 
such carcinogens. Fatty diets, by 
accelerating bile excretion, should 
incrcase the concentration of bile 
acids which reach the colon. On the 
other hand, indigestible dietary 
fiber, simply by a bulking effect, 
would lessen the concentration of 
colonic bile acids (although one 

postulated that colon cancer 
patients might on the average have 
higher colonic levels of these 
factors than a control population. 
The results of his experimental test 
of this postulate were published in 
l.ancet (8 March, 1975). He found 
that 70 per cent (31 of 44) of the 
colon cancer patients surveyed had 
high (greater than 6 mg per gram 
dry weight) levels of fecal bile 
aciels as well as significant levels 
of C. paraputrificum; only 9 per 

2 

J 

4 

8 ) 

POSSible reaction sequence for the aromatisation of cholic 
acid by bac teria . 

conventiona l wisdom. For 
example, obbins' Textbook of 
Pathology states that "while the 
tiology of human breast cancer is 

still unknown, the accumulated 
evidence poinls strongly towards 
an RNA oncogenic viral initiation 
and hormonal promotion acting on 
a genetically predisposed or 
vulnerable soil." 

Apparently it is not thought 
important . to explain why such 
disparate populations as Finland, 
.Japan, Eastern Europe, Bombay, 
Puerto Rico, Nigeria, and the non-
Jews of Israel, all of which have 
relatively low colon cancer in-
cidence, should be less than half as 
susceptible to "viral init.iation and 
hOnnonal promotion" than women 
in the US. 

When polycyclic hydrocarbons 
are injected intravenously in mice 
or rats, they are concentrated in 
mammary fat pads, and a high 
proportion of mammary tumors 
result in normal female animals. If 
females are ovariectomized prior 
to or soon afler carcinogen in-
jection , no twnors develop. Con-
versely, male rats who arc 
castrated and implanted with 
ovaries develop breast tumors at 
rates comparable to norma I 
females. Estrogen has been shown 
to he necessary for both trans-
formation and tumor g rowth 
stimulation in rats. 

Variations in the incidence rates 
of colon cancer throughout the 
world are striking. (All incidence 
rates quoted in this artical are 
taken from R. Doll's highly 
respected Cancer Incidence in 
Five Continents, and are age-
adjusted on a European model 
population presented in that book.) 
For Alameda County, California 
white females, the age-adjusted 
incidence is 34.4 per 100,000 per 
year . In contrast, the average 
incidence in a number of districts 
in Hungary, Poland and Romania 
is about five to six. Incidence in 
Puerto Rico is only 8.9. Most 
remarkably, rates for Ibadan, 
Nigeria and Kyadondo County, 
Uganda, are 1.2 and 0.8, respec-
tively. The progeny of immigrants 
from low incidence regions to 
higher incidence regions are 
generally found to have an in-
cidence typical of their adopted 
country; therefore genetic dif-
ferences, while undoubtedly 
playing a significant role, are 
thought to be I~ss important than 
environmental differences in 
producing the large vari.ation in 
colon cancer rates. 

It has frequently been suggested 
that diet may be the chief culprit. 
Areas with high rates of colon 
cancer are generally typified by 
diels rich in fats, animal 
(especially beef) protein, sugar, 
and low in fiber content. Con-
versely, diets in regions with low 
colon cancer incidence usually are 
more predominantly vegetarian, 
and have low fat and high fiber 
contents. 

Dlel and Cancer 

Analogously, human females 
who have had the longest ex-
posures to estrogens (due to early 
menarche , late menopause, no 
pregnancy, ovarian hyperplasia, 
etc.) are the most likely to develop 
breast tumors . If a steroid-derived 
aromatic hydrocarbon is indeed 
involved in the etiology of human 
breast cancer, the data from rat 
experiments would suggest that 
the assoc iation of estrogen 
stimulation with breast cancer 
incidence is thoroughly consistent 
with such an etiology. Nor is a 
carCinogen theory inconsistent 
with a viral etiology, since car-
cinogens could produce mutations 
which could derepress or poten-
tiate the transforming actions of 
lysogenized tumor viruses. 

The view that seems to be most 
frequently repeated at cocktail 
parties and in standard textbooks 
of pathology is that undigestible 
fiber, by decreaSing stool transit 
time, shortens the amount of time 
which potential colonic car-
cinogens spend in contact with the 
colonic mucosa. This view fails to 
take account of the fact that, since 
high fiber diets are by definition 
largely undigestible, a larger 
amount of stool will be passed. This 
theory is also totally vague about 
the nature of the phantom colonic 
carcinogen. 

It was demonstrated by Cook and 
Haslewood in the early 19305 that, 
by means of a single ring closure 
and a number of dehydrogenation 
reactions, the potent aromatic 
carcinogen 2O-melthycholanthrene 
could be produced from the bile 
acid deoxycholate. Later in the 

2·5 

2·0 

• 

/ ' India 

produced from deoxycholate by 
gut bacteria., . 

Recently, M.J. HIll and co-
workers have demonstrated that a 
specific group of anaerobic colonic 
bacteria, most notably Clostridium 
paraputrificum. has the unique 
ability to perform four types of 
dehydrogenation reactions which 
theoretically should be sufficient to 

. fully aromatize bile acids, thus 
forming the polycyclic 
hydrocarbon cyclopen-
taphenanthrene (see fig. I.) 

Several derivatives of 
cyclopentaphenanthrene have 
been shown to be potently ca r-
ci nogenic in animals. The 
production of a bonafide cur-

cinogen by C. pal'aputrificum from 
hiie acids as substrate has not yet 
been demonstrated. hut work in 
this dirct'tion is in progress. For 
.. til aromatized steroid to possess 
the capacity to produce DNA 
mutations. it presumably must be 
('apablc of conversion in vivo to an 
cll'ctrophilic epoxidc derivative, 
must have hydrophobic and steric 
I'ha racteristics I' roa bling it to ·i r.sert 
into DNA coils, and must be able to 
gain an'ess to the inlranuclear 
compartment of cells. 

/' 
• Scolland 

• USA 

' England 

Uganda oL-~~~~I~O--------~2~O----~--~~~------~~~--------~ 
incidence 01 CMcer 01 the colon 

The relationship betwe n the incidence of cancer of the large 
bowel and the faecal concentration of dihydroxycholBnic 
aCids . 

type of dietary fiber, lignin, binds 
to partially dehydroxylated bile 
acids, and thus would increase 
their colonic concentration.) 

Of equally crucial importance is 
the nature of the colonic bacterial 
flora, which is in large measure a 
f unction of diet. The colons of 
people on " Westernized" diets tend 
to have higher numbers of 
anaerobic bacteria , especially 
Bacteroides, and lesse r numbers of 
Enterococci. The effect of diet on 
C. paraputrificum is not well un-
derstood. It is known that both 
Ugandans and breast-fed neonates 
have acidic fecal pH "nd also have 
low or negligible Icvcls of C. 
paraputrificum; and further, that 
the aromatizil1g enzymes 
described by Hill are maximally 
active only at neutral or slightly 
alkaline pH ( a possible 
prophylactic application of this 
will be discussed below.) However, 
Japanese, who have a low colon 
cancer incidence, have a near 
neutral fecal pH and have levels of 
C. paraputrificwn comparable to 
Western nations (Western nations 
also have near neutral fecal pH.) 

On the assumption that 
dehydroxylated bile acids, such as 
deoxycholate or lithocholate, are 
substrates for colonic carcinogen 
production, Hill and his co-workers 
determined the mean con-
centration of deoxycholate in feces 
collected from six different 
countries, and correlated these 
levels with the incidence of colon 
cancer in these countries. The 
correlation was astoundingly good 
(sce fig . 2.) Hill also showed that 
the bile acids from the civilized 
feces had been metabolized to a 
greater extenl (predominance of 
elehydroxylated forms) and 
showed that a much greater 
proportion of bacterial species 
from Western feces had 7-alpha-
dehydroxylase activity (an 
I'flzyrnatk step essential for 
s ll'l'OiC\ arOmali7.Hlion. ) 

Con entrations offecal bile a ids 
and of C. paraputrificum how a 
large amount of individual 
variation apparently independent 
of diet. For this reason, Hill 

cent (8 of 90) of controls fit this 
category. Hill and his co-authors 
suggest that this might form the 
basis for screening out of high-risk 
population for colon cancer. 

If, indeed, a carcinogen is being 
produced in the colon, there is no a 
priori reason to believe that its 
mutageni c activity would be 
confined to the colon alone. Several 
authors have suggested 
correlations between dietary fat 
intake and the incidence of breast, 
uterine endometrial, overian, and 
prostatic cancers. I attempted 
direct correlations of colon cancer 
incidence with incidences of the 
above-mentioned cancers, using as 
data the 60 studies in R. Doll 's 
('ancer Incidence in Five Con-
lin(,lIts . Correlations for breast and 
endometrial cancer were 
especially good and are shown in 
figures 3 and 4. Correlations for 
prostatic and o~rian cancer were 
also significant. The incidence of 
breast cancer in Alameda County 
and in Connecticut is about 85 per 
100,000. It averages around 30 in 
the Eastern European studies, and 
about 15 in Japan and Ibadan, 
Nigeria . 

While dietary factors are usually 
given due respect in discussions of 
colon cancer etiology, the probable 
dietary contribution to breast 
cancer incidence has been given 
extremely short shri~t by current 

90 

80 

It would be valuable to check the 
fecal bile acid and C. 
paraputrificum content of breast 
cancer patients, to determine 
whether on average they are 
elevated above controls. 

The association of colon cancer 
with endometrial cancer is also 
s tron g. I know of no data 
suggesting polycyclic hydrocarbon 
accumulation in the endometriwn. 
Endometrial cancer , like breast 
cancer, is associated with long 
periods o[ estrogen stimulation. 
Why a steroid-derived carcinogen 
would be specifically carcinogenic 
to estrogen sensitive tissues 
remains unclear. Perhaps it might 
be close cnough in structure to an 
estrogen to be concentrated in-
lranudearly as estrogens are. 

Numerous stUdies have shown 
tobacco smoking to be related to . 
increased incidence of renal 
bladder, and pancreatic cancer. It 
has been hypothesized that 
polycyc lic hydrocarbons are 
concentrated in the urine and the 
bile; they will therefore be seen in 
high concentrations by the renal 
pelvis and the bladder, and will 
contact the pancreatic ducts 
(where most pancreatic tumors 
arise) on bile reflux. A steroid-
derived aromatic hydrocarbon 

. 

. 

J 
~ 

.... "-. 

=l 
.s 
8 
5 .' . 
0 

1 
=1- .. 

. ... 

~ , 

---y-
10 

'. 

I' 
80 

Colon Cancer lnclde_ t 



WHAT'S ON: 3/29 -4/4 
Beginning with next week's WHA T'S ON, the deadline for all material will 

be noon Thursday at the student center in/ormation desk, Please do not bring 
announcements to the Triton Times office -- it'll just gum up the works. • 

monday 
4 pm - Lectare. Professor Richard Terdiman, Mills College, will speak on Proust, Flaubert, 
and the Narrative Revolution. The Student Center, North Conference Room. Free. 

7:30 pm - Meeting. Organizational meeting for Israeli Folkdance Performance Group. 
Anyone interested in perfonnance of folk dances for special events - will be mainly Israeli. 
Rec. Gym Conf. Room. Free. 

7:30 pm - Meeting. Advanced meeting for all Transcendental Meditators. World 
Government in the Age of Enlightenment. Revelle Formal J .ounge. Free. 

8 pm - Movie. Advanced meeting for all Transcendental Meditators. World Government 
in the Age of Enlightenment. Revelle Formal J ,0Wlge. Free. 

8 pm - Movie. " Play Misty for Me". Revelle Cafeteria. FREE. 
8 pm - 10:30 pm - Israeli Folk Dancing. (8-9 Beginning) and (9-1O:30 Intcrmcdi<.ltel, 

danccs taught, dances by request. Rec. Gym Conf. Room Free. 

tuesday 
3 pm - Athlctic evcnt. UCSO's baseball team versus Univcrsity of San Diego. Baseball 

diamond. 
5:30 pm - Meeting of thc Sciencc Fiction and Fantasy Society. l.ounge Conference Room, 

Student Center. 
8 pm - Concert. Doyle White Piano Recital. Mandeville Auditorium. Students - $2. 

General admission - $3. 
8 pm - Mceting of the UC-SO Folk Dance Club : Balkan Folk Dancing. Recreation Gym 

Conference Rm . Dances will be taught from 8 to 8:30. Dances by request 8:30-10:30. 
Admission 25 cents. 

8 pm - Mecting of thc surf duh. Team members must attend , San Onofre contest this 
Sunday. P&1.1117 . 

B: 15 pm - Lecture. Lecture by Celebrated Actress of German Stage <lnd Sereen 
MAfHANNE HOPPE who will read " Ingeborg Bachmann" (leading woman pol'! in post· 
war Gennany: 1926-73). 1148H/I.. Free. 

wednesday 
11 am - Infnrmatinn Scssinn on Student Jobs at Revelle : Interns , orientation leaders, 

IU' .C. A., Rcvcllc Program Board, committee appointmen!.'>. Revelle Community Center. 
12 noon - Lecture. Introductory Iccturc on Transcendcntal Meditation Progl'am. Spon-

sewcd by Studen!.,> Inte rnet tiona l Meditettion Society. North Confercnce Room, Student 
('tn ter . I 
4 pm-Athletic Event. zucsd's men's tennis team versus Point Loma College. Muir Tennis 
Courts . 

7:30 pm - Meeting Clf EAB. EAB means fun hut also service through community action. 
Ne w members weI ome! (Nancy is going to make crepes.) . 

7:30 pm - Ll'cture. Introductory Iccture on Transcendental Meditation Program Spon-
sored by Stud('nl'i Inlerna tional Meditati on Society. North Conference Room. Studcnt 
('cntcr . 

4 pm - Athll'ti! ' evclI!. UCSD's mcn 's tennis tcam versus Point l.oma College. Muir Tennis 
('our!." . 

7::10 pm .. Mee ting IIf EAB. EAB EAB means fun but also service through l'ulllll1unilv 
action. ew mem bers we lcome! (Nancy is going to make crepes. ) . 

7::l0 pm .. Ll'(·lure. Introductory lecture on Tnmscendental Meditation Program. Spon-
'iorl'ft by thl' S u<ll'nt..o; Intcrnational Mcditation SOciety. North Conference Room, Studcnt 
('enter. 

thursday 
12 no n - Concert. Free Noon Concert. Performance by the " Clearligh Band." 4th College 

Cafete"ia Patio . Free. 
2 PIT, Information Session on Student .Jobs at Revelle : Orientation leaders, Interns, 

R.C.C. \ , Revelle Program Board, committee appointments. Revelle Community Center. 
6 pm - Meeting. Coop Action Center meeting. Lounge Conf. Rm. Student Center. 
7 pm -' Seminar. English filmmaker Malcolm Le Grice will show four of his multi-screen 

films. ,2,0 Humanities Libra ry Building. Sponsored by the Visual Arts Department and the 
Ca mplls Program Board. 

7 pm - Meeting. Introductory meeting of KSDT. North Conference Room, Student Centcr. 
7:30 pm - Glitter Night Concert, Mandeville Auditorium. Music performed by " Night-

mare" in 'ludes improvis(ltion on tubular bells. Also, Walter arlos will emphasize th 
mlL~ ic of Alice Cooper. Genera l public: $1.50. UCSD students: $1. 

friday 
12 noon - Concert. Noon Concert, The band perfonning will be "Hot off the Press", free . 

Gym steps. 
12:05 pm - Semloar. Marine Biology Seminar featuring Dr. George N. Somero, Scripps 

Institute of Oceanography. Topic: "Rationales in Molecular Evolution, or Why Things Are 
The Way They Are." 307 Vaughan Hall, S.I.O. 

12: 30 pm - Athletic event. UCSD's golf team versus Point Loma College, California State 
. University at Dominguez Hills, United States International University. Whispering Palms 

Golf Course. 
2 pm - Lecture, Dr. S. Sarkar, assistant adjunct professor of Medicine Division of Medical 

Genetics, UCSD will speak on "Cell Separation Techniques in the Study of Normal and 
Abnormal Fetal Development. " 2100 BSS, Matthews Campus, 

4:30 pm - Athletic event. UCSD's women's basketball team versus Imperial Valley 
College. At Imperial Valley College. 

5 pm - Opening uf Visual Arts Faculty Exhibition. Works by Newton Harrison, Particia 
Patterson and others will continue through April 23, Gallery hours are 12-5 p.m. Sunday 
throul{h Friday . Free. 
7 pm-Meeting. Folk Dance meeting. 7:00 pm special beginners class; 8:00 pm teaching of 

,intermediate dances ; 9:00 pm dances by request. 
7: 30 pm - Film. Friday Night Films, "Tommy". Mande.ville Auditorium. Admission - $1. 
T,B.A. Athletic event. All-Cal Men's and Women's Tennis Competition. Berkeley, CA. 
6 p.m . Meeting of the Union of Jewish Students. North Conference Room, Studcnt Center. 

saturday 
8 am - Athletic event. UCSD will participate in the San Diego Crew Classic . Mission Bay. 
9 am - Athletic event. UCSD will participate in the Women 's Sailing Eliminations. 

Newport, CA. 
12 noon - Athletic event. UCSD's baseball team versus Los Angele~ Baptist College. 

Baseball Diamond. 
12 noon - Athletic event. Women's Rugby team versus Phoenix Rc. Muir Field. 
1 pm - Athletic event. men 's Rugby team versus San Diego State University Muir Field, 
7:30 and 10 pm - Film. " Dodes' Ka-Den" Akira Kurosawa's first color film. It deals with 

life in a slum outside of Tokyo and the fantasies, dreams and delusions of the town's 
inhabitants. USB 2722. Admission - $1. 

8 pm - Music Presentation. Music theatre directed by Thomas Nee, produced by Tony 
Sheppard; works by Crumb, Schaeffer, Mayuzumi Recital Hall , Mandeville Recital Hall. 

T.B.A. Alhletic event. All-C~ll Men's and Women's Tennis Competition. Berkeley, CA. 
8:30 pm - The Tubes, Main Gym. General public $5.50. UCSD students: $4.50. All tickets 

$6.50 at the door. Tickets are available at the UCSD box office and Ticketron outlet<;. 

sunday 
9 am- Athletic event. UCSD will participate in the Women's Sailing Eliminations .. 

Newport, CA. 
10:30 am - Worship. Catholic Students' Mass. North Conference. 
12 noon - 4th College Tradition Day. Day long series of sports competition open to 

students, faculty and staff of Fourth College ; prizes awarded to winners; picnic supper 
providcd ; music ; possible guest personalities. Scripps Pier Beach and Surfside. 

6:45 pm - Lecture, Dr. Ed Reynolds, Associate Professor of History UCSD, will speak on 
Martin Luther King , in commemoration of his death. Formal Lounge, Revelle College. 
Free. 

7:30 pm - Town meeting on Senate Bill One. Find out more about 8-1 Machinist Hall, 3911 
Pacific Highway, there will be speakers, May Day Singers, child care. 

S pm - Mummenschnanz, Mandeville Auditorium, Swiss mime-mask company which has 
created a comic theater of wit and whimsy with philosophical and Sociological overtones. 
General public: $4 . UCSD students : $3. 

8:30 am - Worship services. Catholic mass at the University Community Church, 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Dr. Music, Sermon, 1 ,iturgy. Also at5 pm. 

T.B.A. Athletic event. All-Cal Men's and Women's Tennis Competition. Berkeley, CA 
Surf Club Competition, San Onofre competion. 

Munday, Mal't!h %9, 1978 ~ r lfon .1 nM'S 
Diet and Cancer . . . 
might similarly be expected to 
increase the . incidence of these 
cancers. 

To check this, I divided the 
studies in Doll's volwne into 
groups with similar lung cancer 
rates, divided each group in half 
according to colon cancer in-
cidence, and compared the 
average incidence of renal, 
bladder and pancreatic tumors in 
tOe lower colon cancer half with 
that of the higher colon <;ancer 
half. I fOWld that for 'all three of 
these cancers, for both males and 
females, the high colon cancer 
regions had significantly higher 
rates of these cancers than lower 
colon cancer regions with com-
parable rates of lung cancer. 

There was no significant 
correlation between lung and 
bladder cancer in females in the 
groups surveyed in Doll's volume, 
presumably because smoking was 
not a significant causative agent in 
lung or bladder cancer for females 
during the early 19608 in most of 

8 

8 

7 

8 
Il 
4> 

8 
:g 
0 IS 
.!! ~ . 
.. 

t 4 
5 
u 3 
.. 
4> : 
" ~ 2 .. 
III 

1 . 
.. 

.. 

10 

claim that these correlations can 
be explained on the basis of car-
cinogenic food additives. While a 
few additives probably do con-
tribute to the carcinogen load in 
humans, their use has varied so 
widely both geographically and 
temporally that they could not 
likely account for world-wide 
correlations of the type presented 
here. (Furthermore, some of the 
most potent food carcinogens, such 
as the fWlgus-produced aflatoxin 
and cycasin, result from the failure 
of primitive peoples to use 
preservatives.) All in all, the 
evidence points to endogenously 
produced carcinogens, the rate of 
whose production is largely 
dependent upon dietary factors. 

The data that I have seen is quite 
consistent with the following 
postulates: F!rst. that fecal bile 
acids serve as substrates for 
carcinogen production by colonic 
bacteria, possibly C. 
paraputrificum. Second, that these 
carcinogens contribute sub-

" 

stantially not only to colon cancer 
incidence, but to the incidence of 
breast, endometrium, renal, 
bladder, pancreatic, prostatic, 
ovarian, and possibly testicular 
cancer as well. Third, that by 
means of dietary modification it 
should be possible to substantially 
diminish the incidence of these 
cancers. 

With a little culinary cunning it 
should be possible to devise 
palatable diets with significantly 
lower fat content and higher fiber 
content without necessitating a 
return to a roots and berries 
existence. A substitution of short 
chain, soluble fatty acids (as found 
in fennented milk products such as 
yogurt) for longer chain fats would 
decrease bile output. 

An intriguing and less stringent 
approach has been suggested by 
Hill. Lactulose is a dissacharide 
which is a slightly modified 
analogue of lactose. It cannot be 
cleaved by intestinal enzymes, and 
is very poorly absorbed in the 
intestine; 99 percent of an ingested 
dose reaches the colon unchanged. 
In the colon it is metabolized by 
lactobacilli to produce lactic, 
acetic, and fonnic acid, thus 
depressing colonic pH. As 
previously mentioned, C. 
paraputrificum does not flourish at 
acidic pH. Thus, the aromatization 
of fecal bile acids might be sup-
pressed by regular ingestion of 
lactulose (lactulose is now used 
clinically in the treatment of 
hepatic encephalopathy; lowered 
colonic pH decreases the fraction 
of non-ionic ammonia , decreaSing 
its colonic absorption.) 

Colon Canoer IncIdence 

Other approaches to dietary 
cancer prophylaxis may have 
merit as well. In a previous article 

these groups. I therefore at-
tempted a direct correlation 
between colon cancer and bladder 
cancer incidence, omitting from 
consideration those groups in 
which schistosomal bladder in-
'restation contributed significantly 
to bladder cancer incidence (these 
groups can be identified by their 
high proportion of squamous cell 
tumors, which are comparatively 
rare in schistosome-free areas); 
an excellent correlation was ob-
tained (see figure 5.) 

Patients with non-occupationally 
related bladder tumors are usually 
found to have elevated urine levels 
of certain carcinogenic 
metabolites of the amino acid 
tryptophan. It would be interesting 
to know whether dietary influences 
are modulating the levels of these 
metabolites, or, on the other hand, 
whcther a colon derived ca r-
cinogen is working synergistically 
with these metabolites to produce 
bladder tumors. 

In response to such data, it is 
sometimes suggested that regions 
with low fat intake and low colon 
cancer levels have ' relatively low 
ratcs of enviromental pollution, 
and thus the incidences of 
correlations of incidences of 
certain other cancers with that of 
colon cancer, are in essence 
correlations with degree of en-
virorunental pollution. 

I cannot accept this argument; 
intuitively, I find it difficult to 
believe that high colon cancer 
areas s uch as Norway r 
Newfoundland, and Alberta are 
drowning in industrial filth while 
Jap.an, HWlgary and Poland, 
regIOns of low colon cancer in-
cl~ence, remain relatively un-
talOted. It is also of value to poinf 
out that Cape Province Bantu have 
less than a third the incidence of 
colon and cvlon-correlated cancers 
than do Cape Province whites 
despite the fllct that the Cap~ 
Bantu do most of the dirty in-
dustrial jobs that white-collar 
whites shun. 

H is similarly unrealistic to 

UCSD TALENT SHOW 
CASH PRIZES! 

0 ''' ·11 '0 r,l(,;tlllv htdfl If. "\llId('f\l "\ 
AUDITIONS ,o "nl', ~ 1 
M",~u ~ IH", IlH I';" c-, 'tf'(JIJr IP", 

,Ii' University of 
~ San Fernando Valley 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
Aooo unc:lng: 

FAll SEIIESTER 1976 
• Full-time 3-y •• r dlY progrlm . 

• P.rt-time dlY .nd evening progrlm. 
The St hool i ~ 

fUllY ACCREDITED 
by the Commillee of B.u Ex,lIni",~, . 

Stale Bdr of C.llifornl,l. 
Tel: (213) 694 ·57 11 

8353 Sepulveda Blvd., Sepulveda, Ca. 91343 

The U.c. San Diego Campus Program Board 
presents: 

April 4, Sunday, 8pm Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD ST· $3, G.A, $4 

Tickets: UCSD Box Office Info: 452-4090 

I presented evidence that adequate 
dietary vitamin A may decrease 
the carcinogenicity of polycylic 
hydrocarbons. In another article, I 
speculated that dietary 
nitrilosides, by raising serwn 
cyanide levels, might potentiate 
anti-cancer immune surveillance. 
Evidence exists, both 
epidemiological and in animal 
tumor induction models, that anti-
oxidants such as selenium and 

30 

: 

and will rerr13in so until car-
cinogens produced in vivo by 
colonic bacteria are characterized. 
But the hypotheses set forth here 
are consistent with present-day 
knowledge, bring a simple Wlity to 
a large number of observations, 
and in any case might serve as a 
stimulus to much valuable 
re s earch . . Clostridium 
paraputrificum mayor may not be 
the chief culprit ; but in any case 

. '. 

. ... 

10 

.- :. 

'. 

10 
I 

20 
I 

40 
I 

60 
Colon Cancer Incidence 

ascorbic acid may antagonize 
certain types of carCinogenesis. 
Carcinogenic processes are very 
complex, and it would be very 
extraordinary indeed it substances 
which interfered with these 
processes did not exist. 

I have previously mentioned the 
association of bladder cancer with 
carcino g enic tr y ptophan 
metabolites; certain of these 
metabolites are lound to be in-
creased in smokers and oral 
contraceptive users as well. In a 
majority of cases , these 
metabolites can be lowered to near 
normal levels by increasing 
vitamin B6 or nicotinamide intake ; 
I will report on this important 
subject in a subsequent article. 

The role of preservative nitrites 
and of food contaminants such as 
aflatoxin and cycasin as dietary 
ca rcinogens ha s been we II 
esta blished. 

Some of the ideas set forth in this 
artide are still quite speculative, 

there is ample evidence for the 
belief that the overall incidence of 
cancer can be cut dramatically by 
dietary modification ; the exact 
nature of the modification required 
must be established by further 
experimental work. 

It is extremely unfortunate that 
an interest in the dietary aspects of 
cancer is all to often discounted as 
quack ish by current day medical 
orthodoxy; but it is inevitable that 
cranks and charlatans will rush in 
to fill the void created by scientific 
disinterest and research funding 
that vi rus approaches now receive. 
The eventual gain in hwnan lives 
saved might be qu ite ex-
traordinary. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
MeAT Preparatlan caurse will meet 
every Wednesday. from 5·6 pm, In 
the BaSIC SCience Budding. room 
2100 . Anyone planning to take Ihes 
cou rse is Invlled to porllcipate. For 
more Information call 452· 4253 . 

TheAll-New 
~@fJo@rru@O [l@mru(9X§)@rru 

IronOnDoOk 
to decorate T- shirts toni, tops or Grondmo s faVOri te sofo. 

51xteen creatIons Irom those swelilolks ot "'otLompCo. 
the compony thot wUI sell you anything. 

Iron·ons Include POlHlcoi pur·downs purely o rlisrlC deSigns In the 
"'Olionol Lampoon fashion and olher full color art and words and 
mIscellanea tha i have never befare been seen In Ihe short bur 
fOSClnOllng hlSlory of rhe T'shlrt 

These hear transfer deSigns would ordlra rrly sell at stores every 
where for $100 each Inslead o f 16 for $251) but "'orionol Lampoon 
deSigns ore not avalloble or stores anywh ~re 

The NOllonol Lampoon Iron On Oook IS de "bur In ksrores 
and on n wsstond~ on 0 hmlled vu.,~ UIIO enuy " UI UVUIlOU,': In 
your orea If not you con ard r er by endIng $250 to Ihe Notional 
Lampoon 6035 Mad"on Avenue N wYoek wYork 10022 Pleose 

sur to flnt your nom" and oddress It~tlng your (orr t Lip 
(OOe num r 



Pale' 

Politics: J~me8 G. 80to 

Tar Heel Blues 
Ronal Reagan had been under a lot of pressure since he had lost a 

whole series of primaries to incumbent Jerry Ford. Prominent 
Repubiieans from around the country fell over themselves in fighting for 
the houor « urging Reagan to scuttle his campaign. To some observers 
the a ntics rl the GOP leaders were a bit frantic. • 

One wondered that if the Reagan campaign was doomed, why not let it 
die a natural death? Why a ll the fuss? 

The daily pressure by the Ford camp raised a few questions. Was 
there a fear that Reagan was forcing Ford too far to the right and making 
it difficult for the President to unify the country? Or was it the fea r that 
Reagan mig~ pull off some unexpected upset at an uncomfortable time? 

The unexpected upset came last week in the Tar Heel State - North 
Carolina. Reagan let loose with a media blitz the last five days of the 
campaign and convinced most of the undecided voters to vote against 
Ford. The defeat was at an unconvenient time. Ford was already run-
ning against the Democrats, and the defeat raised some new issues in the 
campaign. The final score was Reagan 52 percent, Ford 46 percent, and 
no preference 2 percent. 

Reagan was strangely mum on the night of his victory, but his North 
Carolina state chairman, Sen. Jesse Helms, claimed that Republican 
voters in' his home state had finally decided to vote the issues that Reagan 
had been talking about-especial\y foreign policy. 

Reagan has been running as much against Henry Kissinger and detente 
as against President Ford. Among Reagan's major claims is that the 
American deferu;e establishment is now second to the Russians. He also 
maintains that the situation is going to get worse before it gets bette r 
under the current administration . 

The former California governor has been a major crit ic of detente -
rivaled in his distaste only by Democrat Sen. Henry Jackson a mong 
pres idential candidates. Along with detente, Reagan has also taken issue 
with some statements by Kiss inger which would have dramatically 
reassessed the United States position vis-a-vis the Panama Canal. 

He lms agreed with the results of an NBC News poll, which showed 
many voters now becoming concerned with foreign policy matters. In 
fact, as the economy gradually improves, foreign policy will become 
more important. 

Pres ident Ford with Kissinger as Secretary of State, will have his 
largest campaign problems with foreign policy. Since Ford has come into 
the White House , his record as guardian of American interests abroad 
has been less than stellar . With the departure of Daniel Moynihan from 
the United Nations (partially because of disagreements with Kissinger) 
tlll'rc are few if any figures in foreign affai rs that Americaru; truly ad-
mire . 

Kissinger has seen his position of power and prestige decline with the 
public. In fact, Kissinger has very few supporters in either the executive 
or in the Capito\. All the Democrats, along with Reagan, have taken pot 
shots at Kissinger; and unless Ford is reelected, Kissinger will be seeking 
employment come next January. 

Yet it was only a couple of years ago that Kissinger was the darling of 
the American public and press. In fact, there was even some talk of 
amending the Constitution to allow a naturalized citizen to become 
President (Kissinger is a native of Austria). It just shows how fl eeting 
fame is. 

While Reagan was resurrecting foreign policy as a major issue, Jimmy 
Carter was collecting yet another primary victory . His big win in North 
Carolina was the third in as many weeks in head to head competition with 
George Wallace. In North Carolina , Illinois, and Florida, Carter has 
pummeled Wallace on his own while the other major Democratic can-
didates decided to stay out. Only in Illinois did another candidc:.te make a 
major effort - Sargent Shriver - and he came in a poor third, dropping 
out of the race soon afterwards. 

Carter has been getting stronger every week and his efforts so far have 
been disastrous to the Wallace campaign. The Florida a nd North 
Carolina results have proved that Wallace is no longer the candidate of 
the Confederacy. Any support the Alabaman might get in the future will 
come from isolated interest groups rather than from a broad national 
constituency . 

Though Wallace seems to be faltecing a bit, Carter still must dispose of 
Jackson, Udall and the two new candidates, Sen. Frank Church and Gov. 
Brown. 

Jackson is going all out in New York while Udall is making his major 
effort in Wisconsin . Both primaries will be held next week. 

Frank Church is a late entry into the race, although it has been known 
for awhile that he would enter. Church will probably make his major 
errort in the far West. Brown decided three weeks ago to enter the 
California primary and hc will also run in Nevada, Maryland, Kentucky 
and perhaps New Jersey. Brown, if he can get his candidacy moving, ca n 
be expected to do quite well in California, taking most of the Golden 
State's 280 delegates. 

So though Carter is the frontrunner, his toughest tests are still before 
him in the major states where he must win if he is to be a viable national 
candidate. 

AIY Will 
WED. MARCH 31 
~)AN 01 GO ' IJ IJ1'.::.t.j!'(~I..', ROI'l'S AIIJIA~~ 

,., t , M .. , ~. "VI ;J .; (I - , hnc:ludu parkln, 1 
'iO t U "".1 II.1b!e a l . 11 8111 C .. mbl t i /'fit" 1 $ tOt f' \ , 

All AI ,lIiJ 'Ir tl l' l A,lI!nclu . $porU Artn') " l ket Olh .. t 
'(If ,nfo,malton ull1N 4116 

Pf""-d ~ WOLf & R~ concsm 
~ .... " ....... u""...,..... • ,..., ......... , " 

.i1M ••• lft'S ' 11lI1C1ay, Mal1!h 21, 1971 

Affirmative Action to Increase 
Minority Student Enrollment 

A two-pronged outreach effort, 
aimed both at attracting eligible 
minority students in greater 
numbers and at increasing the 
numbers of minority students who 
become eligible for admission, has 

'been recently undertaken by the 
University of California. 

UC Vice President Robert L. 
Johnson said, "The University's 
two outreach programs will focus 
on the critical matter of helping 
students understand how course 
selection in high school influences 
options available in the Univer-
sity." 

In undergraduate affirmative 
actiOn, approximately $585,000 has 
been allocated to be spent during 
1975-1976 and 1976-1977 to identify 
and encourage the enrollment of 
qualified minority students, 
Johnson said. Each general 
campus, except UC San Francisco, 

. received $35 ,000 to augment 
outreach recruitment efforts this 
year, and to support special new 
outreach programs. . 

600 More Minority Students 

From these efforts, and based on 
last year's application patterns, 
600 additional minority students 
are expected in next year's en-
tering class. 

In an attempt to assure that 
more minority students become 
eligible for admission, UC recently 
launched a new Early Outreach 
Program . 

" The program, " ex plained 
J ohnson , " is organized on a 
regional basis and involves 
' partnership' arrangements 
between each of the general 
campuses and some twenty jWlior 
high schools having substantial 
minority populations." 

" Students from these schools 
will be counseled by University 
personnel on opportunities in the 
University and will be encouraged 
to aspire to academic achievement 
required for admission." 

B eca u se disproportionate 
numbers of minority students are 
economica lly disadvantaged, 
financial aid is also a critical 
factor in student affirmative ac-
tion , Johnson said. As a result of a 
$1.1 million allocation from the 
state, the University has been able 
to increase aid resources available 
to low-income students for 1976-
1977. 

Financial Feasibility 

As an experiment, an Early 
Commitment Program will be 
instituted under which "financial 
aid will be pledged to students 
from severely low-income 
backgrounds at an earlier point in 
the ir senior year of high school." 

The purpose, J ohnson said, is to 
"enable low-income families to 
determine farther in advance, and 
with more certainty, the financial 
feasibility « these students' at-
tendance at the University of 
California ... 

minorities repa:esented 10 percent 
of UC graduates in 1968 and 
reaehed 20.2 percent in 1974. As of 
1974. black students represented 
4.5 percent « UC undergraduates, 
chicanos and Iatinoa were 5 per-
·cent, native Americans were .. 

Data com piled 
voluntary surveys 

from UC's percent and Asians were 10.1 
show "that i percent. " 

KCBQ presents 

ql~J,~~ .. ~·~Jqht 
the n!ghtmare 

perfOrmance 
ALLAN BROWN ORUMS • PERCUSSION 

LEWIS GOLDSMITH GUITARS 

TODD HOWARTH GRAND PIANO. 

ORGAN. SYNTHESIZER 

RON JONES 

FRANS KLINK ENBERG 

CROMWELL·ORRIC SMITH 

GUITARS 

LIGHTS 

BASS GUITARS 

TIM HELMS. ALEX tho DROOG 

RONALD CHARLES HOGGERT • ALICE COOPER 

LAURIE HARRIS DANCER 

7 ;00 PM MANDEVILLE AUOITORIUM 

CJlittereniqht dance 
with cryslal pystal 
performint tho MIllie 01 BOWl E. AEROSMITH. Z.Z. TOP 
ZEPPELIN. KISS ___ I 

9 :30 PM ot tho UCSO MAIN GYM 

TICK ETS 11.50 ON SALE NOW 
AT CAMPUS BOX OFFICE ",( ... TEO tV UCID AECAU11C*Al.&THllfO 

NOW AVAILABLE * * * * * * * 
FOCUSING ON AFRO/BLACK AMERICAN RESEARCH 

/l/'td 
FOCUSII~G ON r~EXICAN/CHICANO AMERICAN RESEARCH 

Thue aile guA.du and anno.ta.ted bibuoglLllplU.eA .to "eLe.cted 
JteAOWlCe.6 .<.n the UCSV U bJtO.M.u blJ : 

EV1TH MAUREEN FISHER, ETHNIC STUV1ES BIBLIOGRAPHER 
CENTRAL UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 

* * * * * GET YOUR COPY FOR ONLY Sl,OO I N THE 
GE NERAL BOOK SECTIO N OF THE UCSD BOOKSTORE! 

MUllday, March %9. 1971 f rlfoll fl OM'S 

TRiTON ClA§sifiEds 
Rules and Rales Female roomale wanted to share ocean View 

CardIff apt. IS m,n 10 lJCSD $10750 mo . 
available Apr . 4. 753-4322 . Be," f412) 

C_lIleds should ellher be prinled or typed on a 3" .5" card (available 
In Trllon TImee 0111081 . They may be submltled anyUme belw8$! 9 and 
noon and 1 and. p.m. 

The following rales 8(e for 100 spaces - If you';,. more spaces . lhe rale 
will double. (100 spaces - 25cen18; tOl to 200 .. 5OO8nI8) . 

Personals .. $1 
Lost and Found .. free 
Other ads: 8tudenls -- 25 canis 
nonsludents .. $1 

WANTEd 

Deadlines: • pm Friday for Monday; .. pm Monday for Wednesday: 4 pm 
Wednesday for Friday. 

Opening lor partime sec. wflh native 
knowledge in Spanish or German and 
background In l ing . Call459~700 . (4/21 Announcemenls: free. All announcemerijS will run in the Monday 

calendar. Deadline for calend8f : 4 pm Friday . • 
(All additions or corrections 10 listings In the Schedule of Classes for 

regularUni_stty courses will be ch8fged $1 I. 

lOST & fOUNd 
FOUND Pendlelon Call 270·0138. Describe 
and It's yours. (3/291 

3' 5 Alnor Air Speed Gauge . Identify and 
claim . Jim · 453-41 54. (3/29) 

• SERVICES 

Typisl · IBM lerm paper. Ihesis. disserlalion. 
elc. ediling . rush jobs. xerox 560·SI 71. 452· 
1588. 131291 

PSA tel Is 
UCSan 
buzz off 
29 times 
a day. 

Blues harmon,ca lessons lor raw and some 
whal ripe beginners from expo leacher (272· 
Sr.:J2. 13'29) 

L,fe drawing sals or TBA. Limiled size 
Serious sludenls and models welcome. Cost 
shared. Bill 436-0709 . 13/29) 

housiNG 
For sa le! Immaculale 3 br .. 2 ba. Del Mar 
home on Longboal way near TOrley Pifles 
Park. New carpel . drapes and painl. Special 
hreplace- conversal lon area $67 .900. Call 
Ch'quita Abbon Reallors 453-5464. (412) 

fOR SAlE 
Kryplonlle bike lock wilh frame c lip. Besl 
oller. 279-2407 eves. ask for JS (3/29) 

PERSONAls 
Putzy porky psuedo· rich male desires naive 
lemallHype companion (eg . Nancy) 10 be 
'mpressed by lennis and 10 help exploit 
bac ksea I of Muslang II . Prelerably 14 or 
under Call Sam Spade or Alan 453-0597. 
13 ' 31) 

A l rn n'> ' 1 '10 ('life rent 
· J' ''d Qfl <i , ., "'~'V Qood 
1"" 1'''' Sond 7 !lc fo r 

i'm",,,,:,, ":':"""'~ 

Co.mic R .. in bow 

l67 W etl 2101 Sireet New York. 
Y lOCH 1 

ROOM DRAW 

MESA 
for UG 

REVELLE 

MUIR -
APTS. 
DORMS 

THIRD 

FOURTH 

DEADLINE 

4 /2 

4/5 

Noon 4 / 9 
Noon 4 / 9 

4pm4/6 

4 :30 pm 
4/12 

ROOM 
DRAW 

4/9 

4/14-4 /16 

9 am 4/13 
9 am 4/15 

4/13 

f;!vening of 
4 / 15 

ELIGIBILITY 

See Resident Dean 

Rev e lle students 
first . ' O thers- space 
ava i lable Excep-
tions for Theme 
Suites 

Muir students first. 
Others - space 
available Excep-
tions for Theme 
groups 

Third Students 
Only 

Fourth Students 
Only Exceptions for 
Theme Suites 

CONTACT 

Rick Bayer 
X2586 

Phil Kirchner 
X 3027 

Willie Brown or 
Cheryl Liang 

X42QO 

Yolanda Trevino 
X4340 

Paula Hui 
X4582 

~HEME HOUSES Include Foreign Lan guage, Quiet Hou •• , Wlldem ••• Hou •• , 
ete, .porta Hou_ and COfnmunlty H ou ... 

:tudenta may .Ign up In group. for .ulte. at Muir. For further Info""8t1on on room 
raw. and theme hou_., caN the "reon. II.ted .bov •. 

Sports 
Notebook 

Dave Eisen 
The Nasty Saga 

Our story, a saga of sports-
manship, began just less than two 
weeks ago. The location was the 
La Costa Hotel and Spa, the well-
known home of organized crime, 
which lies 20 minutes north of UC 
San Diego. 

Ilie Nastase, called " Nasty" by 
anyone who has ever spoken to 
him, was seeded third in the 
Independent Players Association 
(IPA ) tennis Finals, being played 
for the firsttime at La Costa. 

Nasty had only minutes earlier 
paid a -$6.000 fine , '; lapped on him 
by the organizers of professional 
tennis. for loafing in a tournament 
played in Toronto , Canada. 
Earlie r he had said that he 
wouldn't, under any cir-
cumstances, pay the fine. An in-
defini te s uspens ion was llie Nastase . 
threatened . He paid. 

.. ~ge7 

When reporters then asked about the fine, Nasty casually said, " You 
writers a re a bunch of jerks. Why you always ask me stupid questions? 
Why notsmartquestioru;?" 

The man had a clear right to be upset about the fine. Through the first 
three months of 1976, he had made only about $40,000 at tennis. 

Nasty then took his show on to the court. He won his first two matches 
rather easily, but was faced with Guillermo Vilas, a youngster from 
Argentina, in the semi-finals. 

Behind in the first set, Nastase reached into his bag of tricks. He 
opened up by smashing a ball at a linesman. Then he walked up to the 
stands and hurled a few obscenities at a woman in the first row. Nasty 
turned to the umpire, and continued the obscenity attack on him, before 
turning to Vilas, and pointing a quaint little gesture at him. 

Distracted and shaken, Vilas fell apart, 7~, 6-{). The two players met in 
front of reporters minutes later , and Vilas asked, " Why do you have to do 
these things. I've never done anything to you." 

"Shut up," was Nasty 's r eply, " I no take the racket from your hands. 
You are a baby. " 

Nasty, all smiles, went on to defeat Jimmy Conners in the finals, in-
terspersing four-letter words to the audience with tennis. 

Connors and Nasty remained the best of friends, however. The two 
strode into the press room, where Connors said, " I don't want to answer 
any stupid <j\Jestions," he smiled at Nastase, "so why don't we leave. " ... 

UCSD is one of nineteen schools participating in San Diego's Fourth 
Annual Crew Classic, Saturday in Miss ion Bay . 

Harvard Crew is the defending champions of the event, and the team 
will again be on hand Saturday. Far-away teams, such as the University 
of Wisconsin, Pennsylvania , Washington, British Colwnbia, Stanford, 
among others, will compete. 

A detailed preview of both the Classic, and UCSD's crew team will be 
presented in the Triton Times Friday ... 

Ten sports are planned for Spring quarter intramurals, which must be 
a record. 

Me n's 3-on-3 basketball, women's 3-on-3 basketball, men 's softball, 
coed softball, men's hockey , coed hockey, indoor soccer, coed volleyball, 
coed water polo, and women's softball are the available sports. 

The first captain 's meetings will be tomorrow, with coed, men's, and 
women's softball at 3 pm, 4 pm, 5 pm, respectively ... 

u C . San OI C<)O Campus Progro:.m Bo.lrd 
1)f'f1 AAnts 

1101 ( If Th Pr ~s 
in conCi.'rl 

I\pnl2 . '·riddY. NOON 
GVOl Skp~ 

FREE 



issue wiu be "no 
problem.' " I've talked to a 
number cf. people about it and 
everyon ! rinks it's a great idea. 

lay-Sachs. .. 

They realize that it's a last ditch 
effort. If we don't buy the land 
now, we may never be able to 
afford it." 

If Uie tetus does not have Tay-Sachs, said Jones, the pregnancy can be 
continued. " If the fetus is affected the parents can decide whether to 
tenninate that particular pregnancy. Later on they can consider other 
family alternatives such as adoption or artificial insemination," he 
continued. 

For those who want to know about the Tay-Sachs disease before the 
campus-wide detection program, a w'.lekly testing clinic is held at 
University Hospital, for which a small fee is charged. 

The medical breakthrough for the Tay-Sachs detection program oc-
cured in 1969 when John O'Brian of the UCSD medical school developed a 
test to detect the defective gene. 

Tay-Sachs is caused by a missing enzyme, Hex A. It is a recessive trait 
that both parents must contribute to the child. If both parents have the 
trait, there is a 25 percent chance the offspring will suffer from the 
disorder. 

The first signs of the disease occur around six months after birth. It is a 
slow process of deterioration which gradually causes all mental functions 
to cease. Death occurs from ages 3 to 5 but .the child usually requires 
institutional care long before death. 

CAREER PLANNING? 
CONSIDERING WORLD AFFAIRS? 
Come to 

THE MONTEREY INSTITUTE OF FOREIGN STUDIES 

ARABIC · ASIAN STUDIES 0 CHINESE 0 EDUCATION . ESL • FRENCH . 
GERMAN • GREEK' • HEBREW' • INDONESIAN' • INTERNATIONAL 
ECONOMICS · INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT 0 INTERNATIONAL STUDIES 
ITALIAN' • JAPANESE • LATIN AMERICAN STUOIES • NEAR EASTERN 
STUDIES • POLITICAL SCIENCE 0 PORTUGUESE' • RUSSIAN • SOVIET 
STUDIES · SPANISH • TRANSLATION & INTERPRETATION. WEST EURO · 
PEAN STUDIES • TRAINING FOR SERVICE ABROAD • SUMMER SESSION 

• Summer Session onlv 

An mdependent college and graduate school granting the B .A .• M.A . degrees ; Teaching 
Credentials; Certificates In Translation , Interpretation . Conference Interpretation . 
Shorl ·term language training . 130 miles south of San FranCISCO. Accredited bV the 
Western ASSOCiation of Schools & Colleges . California State Board of Education . 
Veteran 's Approlled For further Infolmatlon. visit wi th Ann Thurber, 
Assistant Dean of Admissions , Thursday, April 1, 
2:30-5 :00 p.m. Appoin tments may be made through 
Career Planning and Placement. 

Letty Pogrebin, 
successful editor, 
writer, wife and 
mother gives you 
the hard-hitting 
practical facts 
you need to: 
• enter the job 

market 
• beat sex 

discrimination 
• get out of a 

dead-end job 
• avoid family 

career-conflicts 
• and much , 

much more! 
$J .75 

Choice reservoo seats 
through our service 

At the San Diego Sports Arena: 

LOGGINS & MESSINA 
CHICAGO 
B.T.O. 
RAUL McCARTNEY. 

& WINGS 

3-31 
4·2 
4·3 
4·17 

CONCERTS, THEATRE & SPORTING EVENTS 
Wf: carry choice reserved seats for San Diego and Los Angeles events. 

OOOfIME TICKEfS 
7742 HerSchel Avenue, La Jolla 

In San Diego 
454-1151 

Suite "E" 

---------------------I 
iiiiil l phone orders taken Call 9-6 any day 

Del Drago. •. 
as part of a study on student af-
firmative action by Del Drago, 
provides a case in point: A certain 
university employee, dressed in 
the garb of a "working woman" (a 
skirt and hose) , walked into a 
supervisor's office and requested 
some information. She was treated 
cordially by the secretary, and was 
allowed to see the supervisor 
immediately. 

Two weeks later, the same 
woman - this time dressed as a 
student in jeans and a tee shirt with 
her hair down - walked into the 
same office on a similar mission. 
This time, however, she was 
treated curtly, was forced to wait 
ten minutes as the secretary talked 
with a co-worker, and was then told 
that she would need an advance 
appointment. She left without 
having seen the supervisor, and 
reportedly was treated rudely . 

Del Drago, in a recent interview, 
expressed her belief that this kind 
of attitude toward students is much 
more prevalent than it should be. 
She feels that students should be 

Regents. .. 
local propositions are on the ballot, 
as well as state Senate and 
Assembly posts. 

On the national level, Bradley ' 
Whitaker, director of the national 
registration movement, said 
"Americans will be making crucial 
decisions about this country's 
future this year at the polls. Our 
aim is to ensure that students help 
make those decisjons." 

Registration Requirements 
Several groups of students will 

need to register to vote in the 
primary, including those who have 
never registered before, those who 

Voting ... 
centage of minorities in the work 
force has not changed 
significantly. The percentage of 
minorities in the past three years 
has been a stable 23 percent of the 
work force - 13 percent of 
academic employees, 29 percent of 
ca reer staff employees. 

The SBPC said the results " have 
been far from satisfactory," citing 
a recent report of the Committee 
on the Status of Women and 
Minorities which showed that 
Berkeley's Political Finance 
department made three ap-
pointments last year; all were 
white males. 

Archie Kleingartner, head of the 
UC affirmative action program, 
conceded that most of the per-
centage increases were small, but 
said that hiring rates for them at 
most levels of employment are 
above both the availability figures 
and the work force figures cited 
by the federal government. 

treated by the administration and 
faculty as respectfully as they 
treat each other. 

"After all, the university exists 
to serve the need of the students," 
she said. 

Rights Could Be Realized 
Because of this situation, Del 

Drago has proposed that students 
in general - along with ethnic 
minorities, women, disabled 
students and veterans - be con-
sidered as an "affirmative action 
class." The proposal was made as 
part of a recently completed report 
by Del Drago on the future of 
student affirmative action at 
UCSD. 

As an affirmative action class, 
student's rights could be realized 
and protected through additional 
student services and perhaps 
directives to staff and faculty 
personnel. 

Specifically, the report proposes 
the improvement of university 
programs in eight areas : child 
care facilities for single parents ; 
financial aids for married 

students; grievance procedures 
for academic matters; student 

have moved, changed name or 
occupation and those who wish to 
change political party affiliation. 

Students turning 18 on or before 
June 8 are eligible to vote. 

Since California has no 
registration residency 
requirement, Woodruff em-
phasized that college students are 
eligible to register at campus 
addresses as soon as they move to 
a campus community. 

The Student Vote '76 steering 
committee organizations are the 
UC Student Body Presidents' 
Council, the California State 
University and College Students 
Presidents' Association, the 
California Community College 
Student Government Association, 
the Independent California College 
and University Students' 
Association, the California 
Association of High School Student 
Councils and the Student 
Democratic Coalition. 

Jane Fonda Here Today 
Actress and activist Jane Fonda 

will appear at several spots in San 
Diego this afternoon as part of her 
husband Tom Hayden's campaign 
for the Democratic US Senate 
nomination. 

F onda will speak at Mesa 
College's Free Speech Platform 
Area at noon . From there she will 
proceed to the Linda Vista Health 
Center, 6963 Linda Vista Rd, to 
examine the facility and talk to 
patients and staff. At the center 
she will hold a press conference 
and issue a call for more com-
munity health centers. 

'U. (!, c5a.n :Dil!.go Ca.mpu!.. P'tog'ta.m !i3oa.'ld pu .. !..l!.nh 
A Mandeville Lecture 

DAvid HAlbER5TAM 
author of 

The Best & The Brightest 
..•........................... : 

. 

. 

April 6, Tuesday, 8pm 
Mandeville Auditorium 

St.$1, GoA. $2 
Tickets: UCSD Box Office Infor: 452-4090 

Monday, March 21,1171 

leadership training; allowance for 
more input into cultJU'B1 problems 
on campus; expanded library 
hours; improved orientation 
programs; and more realistic 
career counseling. 

The report represents a pioneer 
approach to affirmative action, 
since students in general have 
never before been considered as an 
affirmative action class. 

The overall affirmative action 
program Is a statewide effort to 
improve the vocational and 
educational status of minority 
groups and women. In UC the 
program has previously beeh 
concerned mainly with improving 
the percentage, positions, and 
training of staff and faculty 
members falling into these 
categories. 

Launched Last May 
A specific student affirmative 

action effort began in May, 1974. 'In 
a budget report , the state 
Jegislature stated, "The University 
of California shall develop and 
present to the legislature a report 
detailing comprehensive 
procedures and methods designed 
to increase the enrollment of 
women, members of minority 
groups, and economically disad-
vantaged students." 

UCSD's student affirmative 
action program was launched last 
May, when $40,000 was allocated to 
deal with the problems of 
" recruitment and retention" of 
affirmative action classes. The 
money has been used to run the 
Women IS Center and in other 
projects. 

However, up until now no 
organized plan has existed to ef-
fectively allocate the funds, set 
priorIties, or institute programs. 

Del Drago's study, which will be 
presented to the Student Affir· 
mative Action Committee early 
this quarter, is an attempt to 
organize and consolidate the 
program. The committee is made 
up of delegates from the univer-
si ty's four student minority 
organizations (MECHA, Black 
Students Union, United Native 
Americans and Asian-American 
Student Alliance) , the Disabled 
Students Union and the Women's 
Center. It is c<H:haired by Del 
Drago and Raymond Dye, 
assistant to the vice-chancellor for 
student affairs. The committee will 
make final decisions concerning 
short and long-term allocations, 
objectives and priorities for 
student affirmative action later 
this quarter. 

Many Needs 
One proposed program outlined 

in Del Drago's report calls for the 
establishment of a new Office of 
Disabled Student Service. The 
proposal was submitted to Del 
Drago by the Disabled Students 
Union. Operative on a budget of 
$28,000 a year, the office would 
function to make the University a 
more accessible and livable 
community for the disabled, as 
w II as to increase the number of 
disabled students on campus 
through recruitment programs. 

The office would provide for the 
training of special tutors, special 
orientation programs and im· 
proved library facilities for the 
disabled such as an electric page 
turner and recording equipment to 
be housed in a study area for the 
disabled. 

Del Drago said that, although 
substantial gains have been made 
for minority groups and women on 
campus, there are still many needs 
which the university has failed to 
rc ognize and provide for. 

RESEARCH 
FREE CATALOG' 

Write or call lor your copy 01 our 
latest catalog 01 over 5.000 re-
search studies These studies are 
deSigned to HELP YOU IN THE 
PREPARA TlON of 

• Research Papers 
• Essays • Case StudIes 
• Speeches • Boo/( Relflews 
WE AI.SO 00 CUSTOM W",TING 

MINUTE RESEARCH 
1360 "4 Sandburg _ 11502 
Chlcs 0 ""nol.60610 

312-337-2704 


