
lOlume 27, .um .... 21 DC lin II ••• ..ndl', Februlry 23, 1878 

, 

UCBD: hal's in illor 87 



Pap! MOJIday, Febnary 13, lr71 
, 

You IIIIIIOW W., We're Here On Page six. Woelber writes of the dichotomy between the development of elementary and secondary school education to suit the needs of students in their cultures. and higher education. which often seems to ignore or underrate its students. "The teaching [in primary 
and secondary school) is more personal and the students have more options. Will the 
uniuersity system have the spunk to catch up'''. he writes. 

We wantlid to say something about the university. What it gives to people. what it takes 
away. 

A unique program of it1ternships in its embrionic state is desCribed by staff writer Alan 
Russe ll on Page seven. Fourth College. he finds. is helping its students decide whether their 
career hopes are practical for them . The mC're philosophical elements of the question occured to us first . but we didn 't want to 

forsake wllat are clearly legitimate and widespread concerns about the practical relevance of 
an education here: concerns about whether graduates are able to find jobs. whether stable. 
happy Individuals emerge from the University unstable. confused and frustrated. 

News editor Mark Stadler explores on Page eight the extent that students at UCSD have 
control over the planning of the colleges' curricula . He finds students in advisory roles only. 
with administrative modification of student ideas possible at any point in the process. 

Below . city editor James G. Soto explores the relationship between UC San Diego and 
the community. viewed primarily through the eyes of our local city councilman and county 
supervisor. Relations are good. he concludes. and for good reason. We also include an 
independent contribution from Paul Schweizer. who writes of the tendency to view the 
university as an unchangeable entity . He urges an effort toward an environment where 
students "would best serve themselves by serving the system. " 

Three major independently ·submitted pieces appear in the middle of the paper: SOCiology 
gradua te student Rick Nadeau one the commitments the University has that tie it to the 
political structure of the society at large: Vice ·chancellor Paul Soltman on levels of teaching 
and learning . and on the argument that I,miversities are responsible for. social change: 
and the Students ' Educational Change and Development Center on trends and strategies 
toward the radicalization of education . 

The unique emotional pressures facing students at UCSD, often resulting from academic 
rigors. are discussed on Page 12. 

On Page three. political science professo~ Susan Shirk is interviewed by managing editor 
Mark Woelber . She reveals her thoughts on the role of the university in economic crisis . and 
its role in a society where a university diploma is "worth less . .. 

Ran Anbar, a staff writer. explores on Page Jour the job market awaiting students from 
UCSD 's various departments . His major finding is that a large number oj graduates Jind 
haven working Jar Control Data Instilute . sometimes in spite of their majors . And community 
editor Sara Lowen interviews two UCSD alumni. active in Del Mar politiCS and planning. 
who learned much from their extracurricular lives here and little from the ir studies . 

Our sports department 's contributions are on Page 14. where Randy Miller .. bound for 
professional baseball and a BA in chemistry from UCSD .. is Interviewed by sports editor 
Dove Eisen . and where-possibilities for women in sports and people interested in officiating 
are outlined. Also. assistant sports editor Scott Sadil points to the irony of a school that tout s 
a low ·key athlet ic program . but that often seems cutthroat in other areas. 

Finall y. special writer Edward Simons has writ/en "Th e Compleat Low Blows and Cheap 
Shot "on Page 16. Somehow . his piece makes the most sense. Opinio n editor Craig Uchida provides a Jew insights on the pre ·medical experience on 

Page jive. He finds pre ·meds rarely conform to accepted. widely ·held notions. They appear 
to be human. 

We welcome your comments. and your suggestions on possible themes for future special 
issues. ..JOHN H. TAYLOR 

UCSD-AreB Politicians Laud Wa Raally DO 101 Hava 
San DiegO'S 3rd LargeSllndUSlry to Accept the Status Quo 

by Paul Schweizer 
by James G. Soto 

City Editor 

At one time, UC San Diego was 
planned as a massive university 
with 12 colleges. 

It was also thought at one time 
that San Diego's population would 
grow to twice its current 1.5 
million. 

However , moderation has 
prevailed - both UCSD and San 
Diego have scaled down their 
expectations ror growth. Most 
people in San Diego are concerned 

Gil Johnson 
Cily of San Diego PholO 

that further growth at the pace of 
the 1960s and early 1970s, making 
the city the ninth largest in the 
nation, will eventually lead to a 
serious decline in the way of life 
that has attracted so many people. 

UCSD, ·on the other hand, will 
have its growth restricted by both 
the general demographic decline in 
college - aged youths residing in 
California - and the nation as a 
whole - and by the limited budgets 
proposed by Gov. Brown, who has 
tried to reestablish the concept of 
government of limited ex-
pectations. 

Pat the "Cap" On 
I 

The November, 1975 municipal 
electiom. have established the 

immedia~ future or limited 
growth .n San Diego. And Chan-
cellor Brown's proposed 1976-77 
budget wDI, according to Chan-
cellor Mcelroy in an address to the 
Board of @Verseers, put "the cap" 
on UCSl>'~ expansion. 

I .ri.oll.lnJ(~ 
UC San DieIO 

Volume 27, Number 2J 
Monday, February 23. 1976 

S.,..cial thanks to Edward Simons. 
Soun T.es and Jenntiet Zack 

The overseers board was ronned 
in the fa Il of 1973 and acts as what 
is possibly the most direct link 
between the campus and the 
community. The stated purpose of 
the group is to :'advise and assist in 
the university 's continuing 
development." . 

In 1974, McElroy told the Triton 
Times that the board was con-
stituted to act as a com-
munications device between the 
community and ooiversity, and to 
render substantive advice on 
issues at UCSD that might have 
significant impact on the San 
Diego community. 

The most recent example of the ' 
Chancellor's use of the Overseers 
and another local group, the 
Chancellor'S Club - a private 
group of donors to UCSD-occUlTed 
earlier this month. At that time the 
Chancellor sent letters to the 
membership asking them to put 
pressure Dn the legislature and 
Brown to restore the $199,000 cut 
from the UCSD budget that would 
have gone to begin plans for the 
second half or Third College. 

The Third College Cause 

Though the response was 
limited, one or the Overseers, 
Clarence Pendleton of the San 
Diego Urban League, has been 
urging the Third College cause. 

If the Board or Overseers cannot 
exert the type of pressure needed, 
then perhaps the elected officials 
of San Diego can. For the most 
part, area politicians have favored 
the presence of a UC campus in the 
county. 

And well they should. Figures 
released at the end of last year 
showed UCSD to be the third 
largest industry in San Diego 
County after the Navy Department 
(including the Marines) and 
tourism. UCSD has displaced the 
aerospace industry, the fishing 
industry and agribusiness as prime 
economic activities. 

Where 10 or 15 years ago most 
scientific research and activity 
would be in one of the aerospace or 
rellearl'h parks in the Kearny Mesa 
area or near Lindbergh Field, the 
scientific center of the community 
is now north to the UCSD area, 

where the Salk institute and a 
series of sprawling research parks 
have sproog up on land that was 

Lou Conde 
once used for Marine target 
practice and cattle grazing. 

Nothing but Praise 

Gil Johnson, San Diego city 
councilman from the first district-
which includes UCSD-had nothing 
but praise for the campus. " UCSD 
is one or the finest educational 
systems in the country," Johnson 
said. " La Jolla and San Diego are 
fortWlate to have UCSD in their 
community." 

JohnSOJl could be one of those in 
gover-runent approached by the 
administration to assist the 
campus in its search ror roods for 
continued expansion. "Frankly, I 
see no reason to stop the growth of 
the UCSD campus," Johnson 
continued. "UCSD has the land to 
expand to the size it wants; I am 
disappointed that the growth of the 
campus has stopped." 

Lou Conde, the county super-
visor for the UCSD area, .also had 
praise for UCSD. "r am extremely 
pleased with UCSD," Conde said. 
"UCSD has become an accepted 
part of the San Diego community." 

Gonde is satisfied that UCSD 
faculty members and ad-
ministrators are doing their part 
as members of the commooity. 
"We have had a number of faculty 
members serve on county c0m-
mittees-lending their academic 
expertise to the solution of many 

Continued 011 Page 19 

John H. Tlylor 
Edilor·ln-ct\,e l 
Mar~ Woelber 
ManaglnQ editor 

Mark Siadl ... 
N("w~ editor 

C •• lg Uchida 
Opinion editor 

Sara J . lowen 
CommuOII y 6('hlor 
O •• e EI .... 
Sporl!' OOllor 

J.me. G. SolO 
Cltvedltor 

Nllh.n Meyer. 
Photo rxlltor 

lIenz;" NicolI 
Bus,"cs ~ manager 

Danle( Showl ... 
AriS editor 

Wendy Elgie 
Olftce manaocr 

Instead of merely attending the University , complying with its 
requirements and accepting its structure and values as the unquestioned 
standard, students should take a more analytical inquiring approach to 
their college experience. ' 

Many seem to asswne that the present structure and fOOCtiOns of UC 
Sa!, ~ieg? an: vague, metaphysical necessities, and simply take the 
eXlstmg situation for granted. They do not realize that the fonn UCSD 
now assumes is only one of many possible, and probably better ones. 
. Upon entermg the University as a freshman, the individual is injected 
mto a system of mass education that will exert considerable and direct 
influence upon one's thought and behavior, but which the individual 
student had no part in creating and has almost no part in maintaining. 
One is expected to adapt, to be creative only within the boundaries set by 
the pre-existing administrative and academic structure. 

This arrangement might be a good one if it· was certain that the 
university system was created by God, who, in his s upreme wisdom and 
benevolence, had instituted a perfect system, designed for the optimum 
bcnefit of each individual human being. In reading the literature about 
Revelle College proclaiming it to be an institution that will "insofar as any 
educational program can, prepare its students ror the modern world," or 
the UC's motto of "Let There Be Light", one might be induced to think 
that God indeed presides over the University . If this was the case, the 
student would no doubt benefit from surrendering his autonomy to the 
Divine Order. 

But in the actuality of day-t<KIay experience, one observes some 
curious departures from these grand pronouncements. It seems that the 
foclls of most students' attention is not on knowledge or truth or exploring 
the nature of reality , but on grades. 

In its official transcripts, UCSD does not record what a student learned 
from a class, thought about a class, or what anybody really thinks about 
the student. All they record is a grade, as if it was the sacred essence of 
education. 

This preoccupation with grades entails a preoccupation with 
examinations. Exams establish one's grade, and are therefore all-
important. But the function of an exam is not to serve as a learning ex-
perience, but rather to assign a grade to each student. 

I have often heard professors express the idea that a "good" exam is 
one that results in a wide distribution of scores. This characteristic 
makes an exam good only when the purpose of an exam is to create a 
frequency distribution with which students can be sorted and labeled. 

The G PA is then utilized by the military-industrial-governmental· 
acadcmic complex as a basis {or selecting its needed technicians, 
bureaucrats and teachers. This may be an expedient arrangement 
from the point of view of certain elements in the societal structure, but 
l\1lat about the human lives that are subject to it? It is a setup that tends 
to reduce knowledge into exam fodder, fellow students into alienated 
competitors, and unique human beings into G PAs. 

Getting a grade becomes the reason for learning, and getting a degree 
becomes the reason ror going to school. 

Clearly, this is no divinely ordained educational system, and it is far 
from perfect. But it does not have to remain as it Is. We do not have to be 
prisoners of the historical inertia generated by a selfperpetuating 
system. The University is a community of students and teachers, and It is 
these students and teachers who should control the University, not the 
Board of Regents or the hoards of miscellaneoWi adminl$trators. 

I think UCSD should not be a rigid external structure imposed on each 
student, but a flexible arrangement in which each student hal many 
alternatives and avenues of input. Education is not a process of filling 
empty containers, but one of individual mental growth. 

Therefore, the University should function more on the individual, 
personal level, and should allow the student far more freedom of choice. J 
think schools should emphasize the full spectrum af hwnan knowledge, 
not merely the western industrial information reguired to becoIfIe a 
specialist. Students should be encouraged to take a broad range of classes 
that interest them, rather than being compelled to compartmentalize 
themselves into some narrow major. The educational process should 
view learning as an InherenUy satisfying and worthwhile experience, not 
only as a means to some external end. Also, It should treat reality as a 
mystery to be explored instead ofa symbol to be manipulated. 

These proposed alterations might impede the efficiency with which 
technicians and various specialists are produced, sorted and labeled for 
mass cpnswnption by society. But they would probably also result in 
more curious and creative people. Do people exist to serve the system, or 
(tocs the system exist to serve people? In the ideal arrangement, people 
would best serve themselves by serving the system, and this Is the 
situation that we should try to develop. 

Monday, February 23, 1976 

The· Slullihal everybOdy Is poo-POolna because II doesn'l 
gel YOU a JOb may be Whll Will make your IIle bearable 

An Interview with 
Susan Shirk 

Page3 

Susan Shirk 
TT Photo: Nathan Meyer, 

" The economy Is the motor of education," says Susan 
Shirk. 

IT: How should the ooiversity react to increasing 
economic pressure? 

ss: That's a whole separate question .. .1 don't believe th[ 
every university should teach everything . I don't believe til; t 
ooiversity curricula, should respond to every individu I 
desire of students and to every small fluctuation of tU 
economy, although they should not be stagnant ami etchec! in 
marble from medievel times to the present. For examp~ e I 
don't think we should go back to the old classical curricul .In 
and just teach Latin and Greek and no modern languag s . 
There has to be some intellectual coherence and integrit to 
what is going on at the ooiversity. And if people want to sti dy 
cabinet making, that's terrific. But I don't see any rea::on 
why the University of California should teach cabinet making 
if there are other places to learn it. 

Shirk Is Assistant Professor of Political Science' 
specializing ID tbe politics of education. Sbe describes be; 
field as the study of educational pollcy and Issues: Busing, 
school finance, decentralization and control of the 
educational system, and the local politics of education, 
among otber topics. Sbe Is especiaUy Interested In the 
Chinese politics of education. 

Shirk did ber graduste work at Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology before teaching two years at the University of 
Texas, at Austin. She came to UCSD six months ago with her 
husband Samuel Popkin, also an Associate Professor of 
Political Science. 

The dilemma facing higher education Is the decline of tbe 
American economy ,say' Shirk~ a college degree is actually 
"worth less." In the fifties and sixties, graduates left school 
confident of flDding jobs. A sigaUlcant problem now says 
Shirk, is the "unemployed scbool.Jeaver," who perha~ only 
came to school in the first place because It "seemed right." 
Conventional success In our society calls for a college 
education. But as the coUege diploma devalues, a new 
category of people grows, people who "go beyond tbeir 
parents in education, to get only a cOIDparable job." 

SS: Should we construct the educational opportunity 
structure because or these economic changes or should we 
keep ali~e the possibility that, as in California, anyone can go 
on to higher education? If you are going to constrict the 
opportunities, one or the most obvious ways is to take only the 
top students who you feel will really be the achievers and get 
the jobs. Keep in mind that if you are going to restrict the 
opportunities, what you probably would want to do is con-
strict them so that only those people most likely to get jobs 
that make use or their education would be admitted to 
universities. They would probably be people from rich 
families or people with the highest academic achievements 
or whatever. Certainly we would not want to do that, right? 
We wo~d no~ ~ant to make that our criterium for who gets to 
go to OOlverslt~es.,r~ seems to me that we ought to find a way 
to enable the Uldlvldual to respond to his or her economic 
long-range options. To put that togc:.her with his or her in-
tellectual interests-the things that a person just wants to 
learn regardless of economic worth, whether it's going to 
help get a job or not-and decide what to do to make higher 
educational decisions. 

IT: But when the University says this is what you do neei 
to know and you discover that it is not what you need to kno' I 
or you feel your~lf what you need to know ... 

We talked with Shirk about the economic crisis facing tbe 
university, its role and Its future. Mark Woelber conducted 
the interview. 

IT: Which of those two inputs sQould take precedence? The 
individual's own feelings about where he's going and where 
the economy is going or those of the administrators and the 
general university system? 

SS: Now wait, there are two things . One is what you need t I 
know to go on to fill an economic role, a job. What is th,! 
logical preparation to become a doctor? Another thing i!I 
definitions of what the educated individual needs to know. 
And the second thing is really what I have been talking about. 
I believe in the liberal arts- and that there is value in itself to 
learning about the great achievements or world civilizations. 
And that as a political scientist I certainly believe it is worth-
while for people like engineers and insurance salesmen and 

Continued on Page 18 

Administrators Oppose Pre.-Prolesslonal Educalion 
by Robin DeRleux 

Staff Writer 

" The purpose of UC San Diego is 
{or students to optimize their 
human intellectual potential," 
Vice-chancellor of Academic 
Affairs Paul Saltman emphasized 
In a recent interview. "We're not 
involved in jobs direcUy. We're 
Involved in education." 

This same attitude was ex-
pressed by the provosts from each 
of the four colleges. Third College 
Provost Joseph Watson sum-
marized it: "A good solid 

Pat Ledden 
TT PIIOIO ' Tid Sperry 

education is the best preparation 
for a job." 

But one student inteI'Viewed 
added that the University should 
also help students explore areas 
they find interesting. This ex-
ploration, he felt, mayor may not 
lead to employment, but at least 
provides the option. 

Wby Just a Few Majon? 
In response to questions con-

cerning the relativelv small 
number of majors offered at UCSD 
as compared to other universities 
of the same size, Saltman Slid, 
"We have made a selection of those 
areas we feel we can mount 
programs of excellence in, being 
careful not to dilute the Quality of 
those offered. " 

One of the primary reasons 
UCSD does not have the large 
selection of majorS' some 
universities its size is because the 
school has not become as large as 
was first expected, explained Lea 
Rudee, Fourth College provost. 

The original plan ror a 12-coUege 
system was worked out when the 
school was eventually to reach 
30,000 students, Rudee said. The 
decision was made to start out with 
a "few good departments," and 
add more as the student population 
rose. 

But growth was stopped this year 
at approximately 10,000, and 
Rudee felt that the resultant 
number ~ majors offered Is not the 
same as it would have been "had 

we started planning a campus of 
this size. " 

In addition, the selection of pre-
professional majors at UCSD Is low 
compared with other UC cam-
puses. Strongly in support of this 
situation, Muir Provost Pat 
Ledden feels " professional 
training in an undergraduate 
program is entirely secondary. " 

This basic opinion was agreed to 
by the other provosts, as well as by 
Saltman. 

Watson felt the establislunent of 
pre-professional majors was not 

Steve Petach 
TT PIlato: JOlIn FInl<le 

lrl"l' )1 :111,,')' , / I,' .1 " I I, I 

the' answer, saying the University 
should try to "maintain and 
enhance its focus on pure 
scholarship. " 

As an example, he said that 
instead of opening a business 
administration department, the 
University could offer two or three 
courses in accounting as electives. 
Thus, with "minimal expenditures 
the campus could improve the 
student's employability." 

Interests of Students 

Steve Petach, a student for four 
y~ars at UCSD who is majoring in 
history, has a different per-
spective. He believes that 
although the specific purpose of 
higher education is not to train 
students for jobs, the majors 
offered should aim to meet the 
interests of the students. 

For example, ifthe budget would 
allow he would like to see a major 
in administration added to the 
curriculum, because students have 
expressed considerable interest in 
this field. 

Revelle Provost Morris Friedkin 
felt that adding pre-profeSSional 
majors to the UCSD program 
would " patch up the curriculum on 
a short-tenn basis" only. 

The essential problem, he 
asserted, Is that " the broad op-
portunities presumably waiting for 
our students are not there ." HefeU 
any revision of education should 
address more rar-reaching 
questions and problems surfacing 
in the world. 

He suggested the establishment 

of interdisciplinary majors that 
would combine the strengths of 
var~ous departments, but warned 
agamst the potential superficiality 
of these majors. 

Ledden agreed that in-
terdisciplinary majors could work 

. to better serve the needs of the 
students, but felt these majors 
should" grow from within." 

~e, as well as the other provosts, 
believe the potential of UCSD's 
present resources should be 
developed. Now that the university 
has stopped growing, it should 
"flesh out" its curriculum and 
cultivate its resources, they feel. 

Paul Saltman 
UCSO PMto 

.. --....... -•. ••...•.. _--_ ... _---_. __ .. _-_ ... -.. -----.-.. __ .. ---.. --_ .. ... .. _--...... --.-........ . 



.......... 11nl'8 Mo"'y, Febnaary 23, lI7t 

AS Bad as They Say 7 
I Rundown 01 Fulures In DelD's Mllors 

byRauADbar 
StaUWriter 

"What major should I choose?" 
" Is this major good for getting a 
job?" "Will I work with the major I 
choose?" These questions confront 
most UC San Diego un-
dergrllduates when they begin 
thinking of the future. 

To answer these questions 
several sources were consulted 
including the alumni office, the 
Registrar and the Office of 
Graduate Studies and Research. 

Finding out what graduates are 
now doing was difficult-such 
records have not been well kept 
during UCSD's short life. The 
alumni office has such records for 
only a limited number of students. 

References to present jobs held, 
therefore, may not be a very 
correct indication-only a sample 
of about 200 was obtained. 

Information as to supply vs. 
demand refers to the present state 
of Ute market for students seeking 
work in fields contiguous to their 
m' jors. This information is 
probably not reflected accurately 
in the specific jobs listed from the 
200-student sample, though some 
corrdation is certa in. 

••••• 

Th ! following is a rundown for 
most of UCSD's departments: 

-Anthropology: Supply exceeded 
demand for anthropology majors 
in 1975; it is expected that anthro 
will be among the least employable 
fields during the first year out of 
college. 

Forty-seven students graduated 
from UCSD with majors in an-
thropology last year. The number 
of anthro majors although still 
rising, is expected to level off. 
Sampled anthro graduates from 
UCSD seem to be doing everything 
but working in their field, including 
working on an airline, managing a 
hotel, teaching and working as a 
business manager in a clothing 
store. 

One anthropology major is 
working as a research assistant at 
a zoo. 

AMES : An AMES graduate in 
1975 should have no problem in 
finding a job; demand exceeded 
supply on the job market. The 
number of students graduating 
from UCSD in 1975 with an AMES 
major dropped by five from 1974's 
total at 26. All graduate students 
who received their PhD's at UCSD 
last year from the AMES depar-
tment are presently employed in a 
comparable field. Presently ex-
UCSD students who graduated 
with a degree from AMES are 
working in atomic engineering, 
and as engineers at industrial 
firms , sales representatives, at-
torneys and teachers. 

APIS : The number of UCSD 
graduates with APIS "iflajors rose 
sharply in 1971-72, but fell back to 
its present level of approximately 
30 students in 1972-73. A demand 
exists i.n the job market in com-
puter r. n informational services-
few of (~F 1974-75 graduating class 

apprOGc~ed this field. Some UCSD 
APIS graduates' present careers: 
Workil ,g at a naval electronics 
Lab, ''''itll mM, in banks, with 
Control qate Institute and TRW. 

Bloillgy: Biology majors ac-
counted for 27 percent of the 
gradu.:..t" g class of UCSD last 
year, lIS ompared to 5.4 percent of 
the totllgraduates nationwide. 

SUPl,lyabout equaled d~mand for 
workers in the biological sciences 
in 1975, though job opportunities in 
professions such as osteopathic 
medicine, dentistry and veterinary 
medicine are very plentiful. 

The number of UCSD biology 
majors has been increasing 
steadily since its first graduating 
class in 1966-67. Some of the oc-
cupations UCSD biology majors 
presently find themselves in: 

Illustration : Patrick Marsh 

Wonderlul Thlnas In Spite ollhe U 
Two Ex-Sludanls, low In Del M., Pollllcs, Dldn, 881 MuCIIlrUm ICIII_ICI 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

Tom Shepard and Hervey 
Sweetwood attended UC San 
Diego in the late 1960s. Both were 
involved in student government : 
Shepard as Associated Students 

Tom Shepard 

(AS) President in 1968~9, and 
Sweetwood as AS Vice-president 
in 1967~. 

Shepard graduated in 1971 with 
in history, and now 

academic counselor. Sweetwood 
was an AMES graduate in 1969; 
he then attended MIT, where he 
got a master's degree in 
behavioral science. 'He now 
works as a consultant at the 
Veteran's hospital. 

In addition Shepard is a 
member of the Del Mar city 
council and SweetwOOd serves on 
the same city's planning com-
mission. 

Tom Shepard and Hervey 
Sweetwood both feel their majors 
at UCSD were the least valuable 
parts of their educations. 

" My major," Shepard said, 
" has absolutely no relation to my 
career." Sweetwood said his 
major only served to make him 
realize that he didn't want a 
career in that field. 

The one significant thing they 
gained from college was the 
chance to re-examine their 
values and goals in the at-
mosphere of political and social 
upheaval that existed here in the 
1960s. "We had so many events 
that raised the energy level of 
students," Sweet wood said. 
" There were teach-ins in the 
formal sense but also in the I~ 
formal sense, where 20 people 

would sit in the Revelle cafeteria 
with Herbert Marcuse, talking 
and bullshitting or just 
listening." 

Shepard feels that he got most 
of his real learning through such ' 
sess ions . he said that op-
portunities to examine his values 

Hervey Sweetwood 
n Pttotos . Nt! hen Meyer. 

came in spite of the institution of 
the University and its attempt to 
put students in grooves and 
Simply orient them toward 
careers. 

Continued 011 Pale 13 

accounting, store management, 
lab assistant, director of planning 
and resea rch, postal assistant, 
teacher, Control Data Institute 
staffer, and, of course, medical 
student. 

Chemistry: There weren 't 
enough graduates in 1975 to fill the 
need for physical scientists. The 48 
UCSD chemistry majors entered 
professions ranging from 
laboratory workers to market 

. research analysts. Last year 
showed a strong rise in the number 
of graduating chern majors at 
UCSD. ' 

Communications: Nearly 13,000 
communications majo rs 
graduated nation-wide last· year 
including UCSD's 21, into a job 
market in which there were enough 
positions for those who wanted to 
work in their field. No infonnation 
was available on the current 
employment of the 59 students who 
have been graduated from UCSD's 
Communications program since it 
was founded several years ago. 

Drama: Since it graduated its 
first drama major in 1972-73, UCSD 
has only graduated 13 others into a 
very saturated job market. 

Economics: Majors in 
economics, especially those going 
into accounting, finance, 
marketing and labor relations, 
found their fair share of jobs in 1975 
when UCSD graduated its largest 
economics majors crops in history 
with 50 students. 

Past graduates are presently 
working as bankers, instructors, 
receptionists, assistants in rent-a-
car businesses, painters, record 
salesmen, insurance salesmen, 
attorneys. At least one graduate is 
presently on the committee to 
reelect a congressman. AU four of 
the economics department's PhD's 
from last year are employed. 

History: Of the history majors 
sampled, the most common 
position is that of high school 
teacher, Other history alumni are 
working as a desk clerk, a ski 
resort manager, in the IRS, and at 
a children's hospital. Many have 
attended law school. 

UCSD graduated 70 history 
majors last year, which is the 
lowest total since 1971-72. A 
possible reason is the overabu n-
dance of graduates in the field. In 
fact, 30 percent of the UCSD 
graduate students who obtained 
PhD's in history last year are 
presently unemployed. 

Linguistics: The number of 
linguistics majors from UCSD has 
fluctuated wildly (by as much as 
200 percent in the University's 
short history.) Supply exceeds 
demand for these graduates, 
although a1112 of UCSD's PbD's in 
linguistics are presently employed. 

Literature: . Seventy-five 
students--7.. percent of the 
graduating class--majored in 
literature last year, the third 
largest group of majors frofT! 
UCSD (behind biology and 
Sociology) . 

The job market was poor for 
literature majors In 1975. Some 
Jobs presently held by literature 
graduates from UCSD are : Food 
management, secretary, assistant 
professor, bank auditor, f~lance 
writer, publishing and teaching. 

Mathematics: The number of 
mathematics majors here haS 
dropped from 1972-73's high of 511 to 
last year's 38. l'hese majors met a 
job market where there was just 
enough room for them. AU nine 
math PhOs from last year are 
presently employed. Some jobS 
found by UCSD mathematics 
graduates: Aerospace, ba'*ing, 
programmer/engineer, Control 
Data Institute and teachlnl. 

M.Ic: UCSD lraciuated nine 
music majors !alit year, bringing 
Its six-year total to 38. One PhD in 
music was awarded at UCSD in 

Contlaaed _ Pace. 

Monday, February 23, 1976 

by Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

The premedical student at UC San Diego faces difficult 
barriers in his quest for acceptance to a medical school. In 
case you didn't know : 

He must excel in his classes (have a GPA of 3.5 or better) , 
score high on the Medical College Admissions Test (MCAT)-
the eightieth percentile in science or better-and prove to 
medical schools tliat he is a hwnan being as well. 

It is an arduous four years of undergraduate education to 
complete-and even that does not assure him of admittance. 

The stereotype of the premed-an asocial nerd, weekends 
spent studying, cutthroat tricks in laboratories, a constant 
competitor-is not completely unfounded. 

But there is more to the premed than that. He or she must 
go through constant self-evaluation! Will I make it? Am I 

PageS 

Zombies 
inferior? 

Many students decide it is not for them, but others con- ""'''8111, UCSII'I Moll COmpalnlla StUdents, 
tinue. . 

Counseling, then, plays a major role, for many students MUllBa PrePared 10 SUI ... SOCIal, Prol.Slonal Dalaal 
rely on wOl'ds of wisdom from advisors. 

Dr. Robert Kavanaugh, a psychologist at Revelle, has been 
active in counseling premeds since 1969. He was the premed composed of faculty members from various departments. 
advisor prior to the a ppoinbnent of Jean Parks. Interviews usually begin in the spring quarter and extend 

He estimated that 6 per cent of the entering freshman class into the fall. 
at UCSD is premed, but very few complete the program w~th According to Parks, the committee gives the student an 
success. opportunity to be interviewed under pressure and allows for 

It is the student that does not succeed that concerns feedback to them. Parks stated that the committee was 
Kavanaugh. "Many of the students who have premed originally established specifically for a practice interview. 
aspirations as they enterfind it difficult to let go of the notion Many' UCSD students are una ble to compete with East 
once it becomes clear that they cannot make it." Kavanaugh coast students in terms of interview experience, Parks said, 
feels many students tie their identities to becoming a because "Easterners are often exposed to more of them" 
physician. Because of this belief, "every midterm and final (prep schools and private colleges usually require them prior 
becomes an attack on their identity if they do poorly." There to admittance). Applicants to UC for undergraduate work 
is much insecurity and uncertainty if he fails. don't have to be interviewed. 

"Grieving Process" The committee also writes a letter of recommendation that 
Because It is such an integral part of his life, the premed is is sent to the med schools along with the rest of the material. 

reluctant to let go of it. Kavanaugh explained that the ex- According to Carol Merrill, the premed office secretary, 53 
premed must go through a "grieving process." It is a part of per cent of the students who utilized the committee program 
Kavanaugh's job to help the student through this period by last year were accepted. A further breakdown showed that 
helping him therapeutically. In doing so, he "tries to respect Revelle had 52 per cent accepted, Muir 52 per cent and Third 
the premed's own way of decision making; the solution lies 60 per cent (data for Fourth was unavailable.) 
within his own value system," Overall, 52 per cent of all students who either used the 

Usually the student "can say good-bye to medicine when program or not were accepted. In other words, of the 179 
he says hello to something else," he said. students who applied, 93 were admitted last year. 

Jean Parks, the UCSD premedical advisor for the past six During the interim between the junior and senior years, 
years, is now an executive for the Girl Scouts of the San applications are finished and sent to the med schools. 
Diego and Imperial Counties, having resigned her post here Once everything is complete-applications, transcripts, 
in the fall quarter of 1975. -(As of yet, she has not been MCAT scores, letters of recommendation and anything else 
replaced.) med schools want, the preliminary waiting period begins. 

As the advisor, Parks' role was to "match their (the Students now must wait for interviews. Many premeds begin 
potential premeds) desires with their capabilities." It was hearing from schools as early as. September. Some never 
her "sweet voice of reason" that either discouraged or en- hear. 
couraged the student from applying to a medical school. The most trying time, however, is usually after Christmas. 
Part of her job was to show them " the alternatives that would Interviews are essentially completed by this point and now 
lead Utem to rich and ~1tisfying lives." the real wait begins. The 15th of every month, from January 

That is, there are numerous health related jobs that to May , are either traumatic or euphoric days . Med schools 
students could go into other than medicine, and Parks tried to send out their rejections and acceptances at this time. 
lead them in that direction. If the premed is not accepted by June, it usually means 

In order' to determine whether or not the students were · trouble. However, there is the possibility of last-minute 
capable, each med school candidate fills out an admission. In fact, Parks said about 10 - 15 students are 
autobiographical form to begin his file in the premed office. accepted during the summer months from UCSD. So not all 
From this data, plus transcripts, Parks was able to deter- hope is lost. 
mine if the student could realistically make it into a med The premed experience then, is a long process. especially 
school. on paper. It appears even longer when one looks at the in-

If not, the voice of reason would speak and the student may dividual. 
be forced to look to other options. 

But for those with the desire, the grades, the outside ac-
tivities and other necessary attributes, another process 
begins. \ 

Work Can' l be DOlle 
There are the Leslie Cohens, the students who have decided 

the premed route is not for them. "r don't think I can compete 
on that level," Cohen said. 

As a chemistry major in her junior year, she has found that 
it is much too discouraging. " We are given an amount of 

really worked hard. There were a lot of times I felt the 
pressure from the competition. 

Socially, there were times I thought should be spent doing 
other things than studying. But it's not a reflection of the 
system, it's your own decision." 

Valenti must continue to study hard this year, for he too, 
has not been accepted. Unlike some others who have been 
admitted, he must still work (or the A. 

One premed, Steve Shaw, is more " concerned with 
remaining a person than becoming a study machine." Unlike 
many of his colleagues, Shaw has decided to become a 
specia l projects major, putting together a program en-
compassing psychology, anthropology and sociology classes. 
In order to fulfill his science requirement, he will double 
minor in chemistry and biology. Normally, Revelle students 
are unable to implement this type of major. 

But, if he were unable to do the special project, he is sure 
he would have transferred to UCLA. It is his belief that his 
education will be more valuable through this program, for it 
"suits my educational needs." ' 

As a junior, Shaw must take the MCAT this April, but there 
was no excitement in his voice as he characterized the test as 
" a bad measure of qualifications." Yet he is a willing par-
ticipant in one of the many private tutorial sessions that 
require dollars to attend. 

Two other juniors were disparate from Radich, Valenti and 
Shaw, in that they were more enthusiastic about their studies 
and futures . Laura Mabie and Diane Ludwig, roommates, 
both bio majors, both literature minors-have not found the 
competitiveness that so plagued the others. Both have gotten 
over the intensity of the freshman and sophomore years. " I 

The junior year is particularly crucial. In April, the MCAT 
must be taken. Many students take part in free practice 
sessions for the test, under the auspices of Dr. Percy Russell, 
the Assistant Dean of Admissions at the UCSD med school. 
Others partake in private lessons, often paying from $60 to 
$300 for mail 'order lessons or rigorous study sessions. 

work that everyone knows cannot be done." For instance, in J ean Parks 

Recommendations from professors must also be garnered. 
Usua lly three to five of them will suffice. But it is no easy 
chore to acquaint oneself with a professor. 

Interviews 
The serious candidate also signs up for an interview in 

February and March'with the Premed Advisory Committee, 

n Pttoto Joan Flnkl I __ __ 

Organic Chemistry, students must read 14 chapters in six · n Ptto'o' B,II Brooks 
weeks, almost 500 pages of material. "We can't really learn came to the realization that the world will not ('ometoan end 
from that sort of thing." . if I'm not accepted to med school" Mabie stated em-

Sometimes the pressure.o~ premed ism becomes so intense phatically as her roommate nodded in ~greemenl. "We don't 
that other means of acqumng good grades are attempted, study all the time. We both have jobs and enjoy in-
and not without some degree of success. One particular tramurals ." 
premed, who wished to remain anon~mous, said "~t was ,a . The euphoria of acceptance is something that ean be seen 
gruesome, grueling process that reqUIred good eyeSight-It s In the sparkling eyes , in the relaxation of the demeanor and 
dark in USB 2722 and looking at a paper three seats over was the ease with which the successful premed can speak of his 
difficult. " This non-science major and confessed "cheater" past. 
was accepted to a med school in January. Neil Treister was accepted as early as November and 

He also talked about " all the research you really don't 
want to do ; the smiles thrown at the right people, the 
suspicion of the people around you. You start conniving with 
yourself to not help someone." He spoke of the extremes that 
other premeds have gone to in order to get into a med school-
" I know of some people who go to bed with some people to get 
an A"; or " a friend of mine transferred to Louisiana because 
the chances of acceptance are better in that state." 

This non-science major and confessed "cheater" was 
accepted toa med school in January. 

Looking back, Radich found that there was too much 
competitiveness emphasized in his classes. " The professors 
either consciously or subconsciously weeded people out 
through grades, making the competition even greater. It was 
something that couldn't be seen, but it was something that 

. was always felt. There were little things that were 
significant. .. 

Socially, he found that premedism meant ruination; " it 
takes a lot of things away, and if you don 't study in your spare 
time, you feel guilty. There was no chance for relationships 
with people. Thc only time you associated with them was in 
labs. " 

As [or the Pr med Advisory Committee, hi experienc 
with it was di!;couraging . "The only thing it prepared me 
for, " Radich said, "was defeat." 

Radich has gon through a lol of se lf-evaluation lat Iy, 
especially with the many rejcctions he has received. The 
que lions or inferiority plagues him subconsciously. But, he 
claims, it is something that he must work out for hims If. 

Dick Valenti, another senior in biology, expre" d the 
same sentiment in terms of social life and competition. " I 

eventually given the benefit of a choice of med schools. He 
finally settled on Stanford, and plans now to graduate at the 
end of this quarter. 

He spoke more of fear, of frustration and of insecurity 
when he described his premed experience. " I was afraid of 
not making it. The fear of not being in control was immense. 
It was like being in an airplane when it's about to crash and 
you're not the pilot, rather than a car in which you're in 
command." 

There was also the fear of performing at a lower standard-
"I had the desire to achieve and could not let myself down." 
Finally after two and a half years the fear was gone. " Just 
prior to the MCAT. I decided that there was nothing I could 
do-the schools would decide on my grades and my MCAT 
scores". 

As for the value of education at UCSD, Treister com-
mented, " I have a great sense of achievement academically 
here . The quality of chemistry is unbelievable. It has given 
me more self-confidence with my intellectual ability ." He 
ended the interview by quoting .~ietzsche : "That which doe 
not kill us makes u tronger." 

There is no striking concIusior. that can be made about the 
premed experience at UCSD. [t is a very personal thing. 
There are no real stereetyt' u. 

It is a very personal struggle for th tud nt who ha 
decld d he wants to be a doctor. He mus decide fir t of aU if 
in fact, he can make it. If not. he must find sam thing el e. 'f 
so. h must place it at the top of his priorit. list, thereby 
committing hi 'coli ge liCe to it. 

He must also d cide if th struggl was worth it in th end. 
For those who have ~en accepted lher is tittl doubt that it 
,;a:, butfor those who haven't, it i difficult to y. 

3 



" 

• 

Elementary Education: 
Children As Adults 
WIllie COil •• IUn TrIll sr •• 1I1I Child ... 

by Mark Woelber 

The real education is limited to those who insist on 
knowing. 

Ezra Pound 
How well did school prepare you for the future you're in 

right now? For some, the preparation has been suitable , and 
the university is the right place to be. For others, useful 
knowledge has come from outside the schools, and higher 
education is a defense against an uncertain e~onomy and a 
society which quibbles over credentials . 

The last decade has given higher education a new litmus of 
its efficacy: the American economy. Figures from the 
American Council on Higher Education show that a quarter 
million college graduates found no work last year. 

Elementary and secondary education have long had a 
more obvious test of their success: students' ability in higher 
education. Faced, in the same decade, with obvious 
academic waste and discontent on college campuses 
nationwide, elementary educators made drastic changes, 
and made them to benefit the student, despite resistant 
bureaucrats and reluctant parents. The teaching is more 
personal and the student has more options. Will the 
university system have the spunk to catch up? 

A Revelle administrator says that the role of educators is 
to stay involved in the decision·making that determines 
policy and shapes the world. This is benign but quintessential 
elitism. It is a reflection of the commonly held ad· 
ministrative notion that the university can control the 
future by limiting the categories of excellence j that we can 
d~cide for ourselves what our future will be and people it with 
the necessary technicians. 

It will be interesting to see how the university responds in 
this future it is preparing the student to meet. Darwin ap-
plies: we do not mechanically learn what we know will be 
necessary, unless it is already necessary. Rather, we apply 
what we informally know - we digest seeds while f1esh-eaters 
starve . Survivial is only a configuration of future moments 
that belong to us all. 

Yet administrators suppose that a select group of scholars 
can see the future more clearly than the groundskeeper 
sweeping leaves outside the office window, even though the 
groundskeeper has perfect health and a functioning third 
eye. The groundskeeper knows that the Revelle curriculum 
ignores the study of nutrition (see the Bio majors, walking 
out of the sundry store with Cheetos and Coke), and that 
when the mills break down, it is more important to be able to 
digest seeds than Socrates. 

Confronted with the reality 'of millions of " under-
employed" college graduates, the undergrads who cannot 
write, the defection to drugs, the rising suicide rate , 
elementary and secondary educators cannot ignore the faults 
in their systems. They cannot, as college educators can, 
simply crank out students who function poorly at the next 
level of intellectual challenge while asserting the superiority, 
the necessity of a questrionable system. 

The 8th Annual Year·Round Teachers conference, held this 
January in Long Beach, put most of the current trends and 
problem·. in education on exhibit. No longer are teachers 

L-______ _____ . _ _______________ ~" 

Illustration: Mark Robb 

simply wondering why some students fail or how fast to let a relevance to his mass cultural entertainments. Pi no's 
student progress (the current view: as fast as he wantsl, Now ingenuity in developing the " learning resource center" in the 
thev auestion the very need for teaching roles in a society Cherry Creek School district of Colorado earned the district 
that indoctrinates every individual systemically, rather nationwide attention ten years ago. 
than institutionally. Teac'hers know they cannot compete " I think it is really expecting too much of education to 
with television. The challenge is to create systems that are compete with culture, to "keep up" with all other develop-
promising to the individual and that position him in a culture ments. There 's just too much knowle<ige to put it all in one 
he knows a lot more about than most teachers give him credit place." 
for. As speaker Ron Barnes put it , the challenge is " to find ' Pino is a founder of Pace High School in Denver. The 
the credible where the incredible abounds." student at Pace nego tiates his own curriculum, depending on 

The re-structuring of some elementary systems would be his interests and goals, with a panel of teachers and his 
shocking to many college administrators. At some schools, parents. His degree requirements,Pino stresses,are a shared 
the student doesn' t even have to attend, and it becomes the list. They include standards set by the panel, called com· 
teachers' responsibility to stimulate attendance with in- pctencies, which, in the judgement of the panel, are 
teresting learning. " If the kids are hanging out at the lake, necessities for survival and excellence in a particular field . 
we'll get a bus and take them. " In addition to academic competencies - the three Rs - the 

Carolyn Dodge is assistant principal of an elementary student must acquire others ofa generally supportive nature-
school in Sacramento, Multiple tracking systems at her -"drown-proofing" (as opposed to "swimming") is one, 
school allow students to experiment with different classes. required for a student interested in forestry. 
Nine-week courses start each three weeks, so students may "The goal," says Pino, " is parity in .negotiation of needs." 
enter or leave any three-week period. Students choose their The results are packaged in competencies instead of time. 
own vacations. During the ir intercession, or vacation Graduates from Pace have a record of admission to higher 
periods, they have the option of returning to school for education comparable to any other high school's. Pino's son 
tutoring, special skills, or hobby classes. The school went from Pace to Colorado State University. 
sponsors frequent field trips, including week·long hikes into But a graduate from a school like Pace is likely to be 
the high Sierra. This travelling community studies writing, disappointed in higher education. The Wliversity is behind 
math, science and astronomy in addition to backpacking. elementary and secondary education in fulfilling the needs of 

Funding for every class in Dodge's school is on a per diem - the student. 
- if the. kids don't sign up for a class, or if they stop coming, 
the teacher doesn' t get paid. This forces teachers to be 
imaginative, "people - not product - oriented." 

Dodge says, "More students survive than in the traditional 
lockstep program." 

The program at Dodge's school is not extreme. It is simply 
one of many revolutionizing elementary and secondary 
education coast to coast. " Modular blocks," "Concept 16," 
"Flexible 4~W ' - there are even programs that allow the 
student, the elementary student, to write his own program 
and come to school only when he wants. 

The test of these systems is whether their students suc-
cessfully complete higher curricula. They do , 

Ed Pino is President of the I nternational Graduate School 
for Education and the Director of the Center for Futuristic 
Studies in Denver, Colorado. He is a former California school 
superintendent. He, like many educators, fears losing his 
children to "mass culture," which is often more interesting if 
less valuable than applied learning. One device he advocates 
is the use of mass cultural tools, particularly electronics, to 
stimulate specialized interest in the student, to demonstrate 
results of his own intellectual resources which have some 

Reliable data, as well as intuition, says that our political 
institutions follow, not lead, popular thinking. Says Anthony 
Downs in "An Economic Theory of Democracy," "The 
desire to obtain and keep power per se plays a larger role .,. 
than the desire to implement ideological doctrines or serve 
particular social groups." One need" only examine the UC 
Regents, who shape local policy and appoint the ad-
ministrators who shape curricula, to corraborate the 
pOlitical character of higher education. The Regents are 
appointed to 12-year terms by the governor - former Gov. 
Ronald Reagan's appointees are still conspicuous in their 
attitudes. 

Educational theorists uniformly attack this set-up, and any 
set·up which exists to perpetuate itself at the expense of the 
student. Where it occurs, it is a crime to .suggest that there is 
only one, or even only a handful. of paths to personal 
fulfillment. It is a crime to deny the student options which 
narrow curricula deny, and to claiin that the valid path to 
success must pass through USB. 

We are in trouble, says Pino, as long as we consider school 
Continued au Page ZO 

THE DISARm STUDENT UNION !'ROUDl Y PRESENTS ~ La Jolla Music Has Technics 

COPIES 
3~¢ 
._a..lOCAl_ 

''''% .nICl •• IJ4."., 1'" c:oL..-j'" .7 .. t. 

An Evening With 

-SAM-HINTON 
- and 

SHEILS & CLARK 

8: 00 p.m. CR-I07 (Third College) $1.50 tickets at the 
box office ONL VI 300 seattl available - get YOURS 
todayl 

452·4559 box office number 

TechniCS 
by 

Panasonlc 

Worlds Finest Turntable 
come and see to appreciate 

I La Jolla Music I 
1128 Wan SI. 459-3375 - Rich 

Monday, February %3, 197& 

by Alan Russell 
Staff Writer 

A decision to select a commodity when many choices are available often comes down to 
the small advantages one product has over another. Price; looks, reputation and ac· 
cessibility are just a few of the criteria used in singling out what one will buy. 

This process holds true for many things, including choosing the riiht place for a 
universityeducation. 

At UC San Diego, choosing between the four colleges proves to be difficult, because all 
four offer unique requirements, classes and educational opportunities. 

Fourth College, in only its second year of operation, already has a strong 'selling point' in 
its academic internship program, which allows a student to receive college credit while 
gaining experience In an area that might later become a vocation. 

Researcb and Development 
In discussing this new operation with the two individuals most directly involved - Gary J . 

Frost, Fourth College dean, and Cory Carlson, coordinator of the program - one realizes 
how much'planning and work has gone into organizing the program. 

"This academic year has been spent chiefly in researching and developing the program," 
said Carlson. "We've already placed several students, but only for unusual reasons. Fall of 
1976 is when the active placements start. 

"Right now ~e are in the process 
of negotiating positions in various 
fields for the students, as well as 
setting up the overall curricula," 
he added. 

Page 1 

- by indicating that only a maximum of 16 credit uni ts could be obtained by an individual 
throu~l the program. He also outlined hard facts about the job market. Often there are 
many people vying for the same job you want. Your experience in a particular field cer-
tainly wouldn't hurt your chances in landing a job over someone who hasn't had the working 
experience. And if you do a good job you'll get a good recommendation." 

A Test Run 

Another plus for the program is that it gives students a chance to discover whether certain 
fields really appeal to them. It has been noted that sometimes students reject fields after 
they've spent all their college years working toward them. 

Starting next fal\, the intern program will be offered to Fourth junioJ's and seniors on a 
year-roWld basis, including the summer. Students will be able to receive either four, eight , 
12 or 16 units of credit. 

As they work and learn on their jobs, students will be required to write a research paper, 
keep a log of their activities and remain under faculty supervision. Before embarking on 
their internships they will undergo a preparation seminar "so as to not go into their work 
cold turkey." 

The procedure starts when a 
student makes a request .-
somehow related to his academic 
major or career goal- to be placed 
with a person in a comparable 
occupation , in a surrounding that 
pertains to his interest. 

Those running the program then 
try to 'zero in' on the exact nature 
of the student's desire, and with 
that information explore the 
possibilities available. 

Gary Frost 

I 
.1 

Training 
That Ma"ers 

The basic student requests so far 
have been for placements in the 
fi elds of law, medicine , business 
and government·related work. 
Carlson , whose main problem has 
been to find the proper and willing 
sponsors, noted that some fields 
".'ere easier to place students in 
than othcrs. "G etting positions in 
the social agencies has been easy, 
as well as the legal and govern-
menta l spots. The health science 
areas are more difficult, mainly 
because of the insurance risks. 
Business is also diff ic ult, because 
it is removed from the educational 
sphere . Additionally, it is diffi cult 
for a business to accomodate a 
student on a short term basis," he 
said . (It was noted by Frost that the 

internship program is often not 
necessary in supplying an outlet 
for the student's needs. For 
example, volunteer programs at 
hospitals and in other areas are 
already available. The college 
feels the student should make the 
effort to find spots in these areas 
himself. 

Cory Carlson 

The positive aspects of the program are rriany, according to its planners, "Besides better 
balancing out your liberal arts education," Carlson sa id, "you are made more employable 
on the job market, and lea rn more about the outside world. From age five through 22 most 
students are only that-professional students. They're information rich and action poor. The 
summer jobs they might have had In most cases have not prepared them for the kind of 
employment they want after graduati.on. 

"The internship program will have at least given them some opportunity. " 

Carlson also outlined the histories of similar programs started in the late 1960s, noting 
that studies had shown that students returning from internship programs were more 
motivated in their school work. "They came to think of class as not just another class, and 
lecture not just as another lecture, but rather as additional learning experiences applicable 
to themselves and the outside world." 

Frost termed ~he internship program " one of the roads to self reliance." He dismissed the 
negative connotations some people hold for such programs-that it "dilutes true education" 

.11 COII.a 100ero Program II I 
Cllinca 10 Tall tile Wlter 1l1li 

88t All88d lillie Slme Time 
" Possibilities" 

Frost said it was necessary to 
first develop " good working 
relations with the different 
agencies." He thinks this early ice 
breaking will make future inroads 
for placements for Fourth College 
students, eventually bringing 
about a "self fulfilling" program. 

The key word for the entire academic internship program is " possibilities." Frost 
detailed the success he achieved in finding placements for students while a t Madison 
College at Michigan State University. One example of many was a woma n who obta ined a 
spot on the German magazine Ocr Spiegel. 

Frost and Carlson said that "perhaps in the future" Fourth Co llege could get packages 
together for students to go abroad, and pointed out that they were already working on 
various positions throughout the country. 

"Students should think beyond California," said F rost. " There's a country around u . 
Working in New York might show you more of the real world, as wel\ as give you the op-
P9rtunity to meet new friends. There are so many possibilities." 

The other UCSD colleges will be watching the intern program with interest, and if it is 
successful there is a good chance it could be instituted campuswide. 

It would take no se~r to safely guess the program will meet with a good deal of uccess. 
That those who are rUnning it think on a large scale was evidenced by the case of a student 
who was look~ng for placement as a legal secretary. At this writing, it is possible she will be 
working for the Supreme Court next fall . -

-- .. ----------------------------~--------------------------------_t rr=====SP EC IAL==:::::::01 
INTRODUCTORY OFFER 

I mort sahl 

A MANDEVIL'LE 
LECTURE 

ST. $1.00 
GA $2.00 
TICKETS: 
UCSD BOX 
OFFICE 
4 2-4090 

MARCH 9 
TUESDAY,8pm 

I 

------_ .. 

FROM 

tne casual paiR 
"QUALITY CASUAL SHOES" 

1765 G .... NEl AVE . .. ... CIFIC IUCH , CAL 92109 274 - 1471 

Where we feature the finest selection of casual 
shoes in San Diego ... brand names such as ... 

Come in and see for yourself. 
hours Mon. - Fri. 11 AM - 7 PM; Sat. 10 AM -
5 PM; Closed Sundays 

1 _____________ wilh thiS ci rcular-------------, 
I I 
I I 
I I 

!: $5.00 00,"",,,, ' 
of men's or women 's shoes 

: the casual paiR 
I "QUALITY CASUAL SHOES" 
: 176 ~ GARNlT ... IIE ..... elf lC lEACH C ... l 92109 'l 7~ 1471 
1... ____________ Oller e>p"ts 2·2976------------

3 

.. 



Mo"'y, Febnary 23, 197, 

001 the Bal17 sludant lola In CurriCula Plannlng--WhO'1 
\ by Man Stadler NewaEdltor 

A major demand of activists in recent years has been for increased 
participation by students in planning their own education. Students have 
demanded a say in planning new and different majors and classes that fit 
their own needs. 

Hand in hand with this trend is the belief that students should help 
choose the courses they have to take for their general education 
requirements. 

UC San Diego students have the option of planning their own major, if 
they attend Muir College, or their own classes, through special projects. 

They can, that is, if they can get a faculty member to approve the 
proposed course or major. . 

You see, University of California faculty members are charged With 
the duty of curriculum development by the UC Regents . 

GE Requiremeat Approval 
Faculty also must approve GE requirements for the college they belong 

to. 
Students only have the power to recommend GE changes. Each college 

has a committee to review its specific curricular needs with both student 
and faculty members. Any suggestions from those committees, must 
then be approved by three separate bodies : the college faculty; the 
Committee on Education Policy (CEP) (an ann ofthe Academic Senate) 
and the full membership of the Academic Senate (AS). 

The AS will vote on major GE changes from at least one college this 
year-Revelle's Ad Hoc Curriculum Review Committee (CRC) is con-
sidering sweeping changes for UCSD's oldest college. 

The committee consists of seven students, including all six members of 
the Revelle Committee on College Affairs (RCCA) and seven faculty . The 
chairman , Literature professor David Crowne explained, in a recent 
interview that he has " tried very hard to avoid polarization" between 
faculty a nd stude nts during CRC meetings by talking out issues rather 
than ta king votes. 

Crowne sa id he thought "it worked fairly well ." Student committee 
members have affinned this. 

Studenl~ wanted more variety of choice in the GE requirements, 
Crowne sa id . On proposed changes some students wanted more 
" relevant" classes to replace the second yea r of humanities, which 
several faculty wanted to cut back on the number of chOices In the 
seq uence in favor of the "central disci plines"-history, philosophy and 
literature. 

The proposal the Revelle faculty voted on last week cut out the Fine 
Arts option of the humanities sequence in favor of those " central 
disciplines. " , 

The changes being considered by the CRC were initiated last year by a 
group ca lled the Student Committee fo r the Evaluation of Revelle 
Requirements (SCERR), which opposed Revelle's traditional 
" Renaissance man" concept of a "well-rounded education" in all fields. 

SCERR's sentiments could be summed up by a statement from one 
member of the group, which dissolved at the end oflast year: " You learn 
Shakespeare and Homer in humanities but you don't know what the hell is 
going on in the world." 

SCERR's proposed changes centered on " relevant classes," including 
more social science classes and two-quarter interdiSciplinary sequence 
dealing with contemporary problems. 

Compromise Process 
Those programs have been left out of the CRC humanities proposal. 
Crowne said he felt much better with substantial student input on the 

proposed change. " It makes me feel that the changes won 't be some mad, 
un work a blc scheme . " 

But conflicts arise when Crowne's impressions of decisions made by 
CRC are compared with the stUdents' views. For instance, the committee 
considercd making the science 2 sequence mandatory for science majors. 

Crowne said that the committee rejected the plan, which would have 
chanKed the guiding philsophy of Revelle by forcing students to decide on 
their major concentration area in their first year. 

RCCA member Craig Uchida , on the other hand, sa id it was his un-
derstanding that the proposition had been accepted by the committee. 

Hazel Alksnis, Revelle provost Morris Friedkin's representative at 
CRC mectings, has said the Natural Science sequence " is still wide open" 
for consideration by the committee. 

A conflict has also a risen over the Humanities proposal submitted to 
the Revelle faculty for a vote. The CRC has not met since fall quarter and 
Uchida charged that Crowne and Alks nis, who drew up the final 
Humanities proposa l, were making changes without student approval. 

Alksnis said there was " a communica tion breakdown, but it wasn't 
intentional. " There was a delay because Crowne was busy working out 
" academic and political" problems with appropriate committees about 
the Humanities proposal, she said. 

Respondin g to Uchida 's critic ism that the "students are pretty much in 
the dark " over the Humanities proposal, Alksnis said the proposal was 
based on committee conclusions from last fall . . 

Activism Welcomed 
Alksnis said both she and Friedkin welcomed " the student activism 

that sparked this curriculum review." She added that several science 

,.......t. 

(jJ C8CJ(rtfl ~~ ~amr ",,' <:.1'-"'1 
.~~~~ 

~(2,~Dc:xl;D ~~~ 
.. 

Hazel Alksnis 

David Crowne 

M ark Tynan 

Lea Rudee 

faculty, whom she could not name, had taken the opposite view-that 
thcre was already too milch student input into curricular developmenls. 

Alksnis said there was "no reason to think that the changes won't be 
approved" by the faculty. She said that faculty attending a meeting last 
fall reprcsenting a sample of the total Revelle faculty had supported the 
humanities changes. 

Third College has not considered such major GE changes this year. 
Ariy change, though, goes before the Third College ~uncil. Howev~r, the 
council, according to chairman Don Wulbert, discussed curricular 
changes only in general poli<;y tenns, not in academic specifics. 

The committee is composed of six students and six faculty. 
Wulbcrt, a mathematics professor, said students " have a major 

detennining voice" In curricular matters at Third. The only GE change 
this year, the substitution of a Third World Literature class for a Third 
World Studies class, originated from students working with a faculty 
member, he said. 

Three years ago, when Third had a major change in its GE 
requirements, the proposal was put to an open forum of Third students 
and faculty, Wulbertsaid. 

Studeats Not Active 
Third Council member Jesse Lopez agreed with Wulbert that students 

have a voice in curricular change, but said that students aren't taking 
advantage of the fact. 

Students and faculty both are involved in decisions on the council , 
Lopez said, but no support is given by other s tudents, because they are too 
involved in their studies. 

In addition, . Lopez said that Third College's unique programs-
Communications, Urban and Rural Studies and Third World Studies-are 
getting away from their original objectives of heavy student in-
volvcment. Studenl, are supposed to plan their own courses but don't, he 
sa id. 

Council member Cheryl Mason agreed with Lopez' contention that 
students are not ge tting involved. But she placed a different emphasis on 
the cause. " It is because of the way education is set up," she said. 

Students only have the power of suggestion, Mason said-if the idea does 
not (llcase the faculty or administrators it is shelved. 

Mason said she had the feeling that administrators and faculty decide 
on a curricular change first, then take the idea to the students for show. 

Fourth: 'Least Problems ' 
Tbe situation is viewed with more optimism at Fourth College by 

both administrator and student. Fourth, which has the least GE 
requirements also has the least problems, according to Provost Lea 
Hudee and student Mark Tynan. 

Fourth's curricular changes are first considered by its Executive 
Committee, which is made up of four faculty and two students and 
chaired by Rudee. It meets infrequently and makes academic decisions 
for the college. 

Very Few Complaints 
The committee has had very few complaints, Rudee said in an in. 

terview. Last year some students complained about the Writing Course, 
asking that it be structured more, Rudee said. 

This year the students have two option in the two-quarter sequence-
eithcr more structure or more freedom. 

Tynan, one of two students appointed by the Fourth Forum to the panel 
had a very favorable reaction to the committee. He said he found the 
fa culty members to be " incredibly receptive" to student needs. 

In fact, he added; " they are often more attuned to what 's going on than 
the students. " . 

8 Tynan said that the committee is the final arbitrator on all matters, 
..., except "very la rge changes" like a GE change. ~ Muir ColleKe has its curriculum Review and Development Board to 
€. consider curricular change. A "constitutional body," the board has foul' ~ student and five faculty members. 

The board was set up five years ago when Muir revised its GE 
requirements. The college's student council proposed the change, and the 
students and fac ulty a pproved it. 

Th ' board, which meets weekly for an hour, rev iews a ll the 
requircments on Muir's current GE package, known by some as " the 
chincse menu ." 

" Both wOl'ds are operative," said Muir provost Pat Ledden in a recent 
interview. The boa rd is charged with reviewing the entire package once 
every five years , and developing new options for students to take in 
fulfi lling the GE requirements. 

Aprroves New Sequences 
It a lso handles student and faculty complaints about such courses and 

cOrL,iders newly proposed sequences. 
The board operates by consensus, with very active student partication, 

Ledden said. . 
Administration Can Stop Anything 

One force in curricular change not mentioned by most people in-
terviewed is the administration. One person, Don Wulbert, did say, II As 
far as I can see, the administration can stop anything. 

Another, Hazel Alksnis, took a much more benevolent view of ad-

Continued on Page 20 

low 111 ___ _ 
,. flv ... 1h allllwllll 
IIIsIS ...... bJ l1li ..... 
of Wal ... " IIIWI 

Meaday, FebnaryZ3, 117. • rt.OII .1 nit'S 

Greatest Snow Job in History 
All the Action Starts at----... • .... ----.... 

~ Noon' 
Come Play in the 

Snow on the "Hump" 
(between Gym Steps 
& Student Center) 

I!ISnow Sculpturing Contest 
• Sliding 

.Snowball Fights 
& You Name It 

• Tantalizing Goodies 

A STUDENT CENTER NOONER 
with 

Live Music by "Oysterman" 

.SPONSO.R __ E_D .. __ B_Y U.pC.S~D. 

~-'. , 

Dance & T-Shirt Contest 
. Muir Cafeteria 

:2 Live Bands 
Exotic Refreshments 

8: 30 p.m. til 2: 00 a.m. 
Ski Club I.D. 
U.C.S.D. lD. 

Pagel 



Political Function 
the UnlvBrSIly 

by Rlcbard Nadean 
UCSD Graduate StudeDt 

In discuss~ the t~ic of the university and its internal problems. it is 
?ften hard to determme to what extent they have to do with the university 
Itself and to what extent they are reflections of general problems of 
American society. 

As a point elf departure, however, I think it is safe to argue that the 
. oble~ facing the un~ve~sity ~annot be solved by reform in the 

_mverslty ~lone, but are tied mextrlcably to American society at large. 
Let. us .flrst l~ at the. problem of competition in the university . . 

America IS rapidly becommg a society r,f the "under~rilployed" - a 
surplus of PhDs, ~As and BAs mea~ ~t there are hundreds of college 
graduates competing for the few posltlons that are ('ommensurate with 
their d~~ree. This market situation is reflected in the university, where 
competition over grades has reached an almost pathological intensity . 

Thl IIII"rally II IIIDDly I re'llCnon OIlhe 
.lllrlbUll •• d. Dowe, In Ifte oUlllde 10Clety. 

Th,is ra~ race co!f1petition is on~ of the most dest ructive aspects in the 
~Iverslty since It has no educational purpose, makes people neurotically 
mcapable of doing cooperative work and stifles creativity and spon-
tanelty . Repression, denial, fragmentation, paranoia and other forms of 
destructive action are its end result. 

I~ spite of the university's vaunted autonomy from society it cannot be 
derued that university competition is a product of a society whose general 
ethos reads: "The highest good is to achieve what you can for yourself 
mdependently of what effects it may have on other people." This ethos 
pe."?eates the university and is held all segments of it - the ad-
n:lI~Jstra.t()rs, the faculty, the students. It is the ethos of bourgeois in-
diVidualism, on~ of the mainsprings of bourgeois society. 

Rela~~ t~ the proble~ of competition is the equally odious procedure 
of certification - the wlIversity's function of certifying certain people to 
go ahead and . do certain things. Uke competition, this screening 
procedure ge~ ~ the way of the educational process by turning people 
mto opportUnistic robopaths whose concern with knowledge becomes 
only a marginal consideration in obtaining a lucrative career. The John 
Dea,ns of ~aterga~ fame are some of the best examples of just how ef-
fective thIS screenmg procedure really is . By forcing students to take 

req~i~ed .courses, pass exams and worry about grades, the system of 
certification sets up very unpleasant barriers and distorts the normal 
kinds of relationships that ought to exist between students and teachers teac~ers and one another and the students themselves. Only a shriveled: 

desslca~ed and fra.gmented human being could agree that Avrum Stroll's 
suggestl~n that be.mg a teach~rs' assistant gets in the way of a graduate 
~.tudent ~ learn,!ng experIence . It is precisely this type of 

p!'ofeS:>lOnalism that separates people from one another and turns the 
university mto a grotesque anti-community where alienation one-upmar.s~ip and paranoia are the norm. All seem to be busily preparing 
for an mltiation Into the mad society. 

~~~ --.;. 
--:::--. - . -

'- ~ .:-
-- -

,- - " -

_-- - -z 

L-____ . 

lo.st .af -t(..e.. ~ ri. 
d;~d G6 a.cvfe ro.O i 

0. W1 i l,fo. f'! - ; ",~v..s 1-. i 0../ 
, Co '-1fN1 "+ """e ""tr -- - he. , I J 

{() e ~ .e.a..-t L- tkR 

--~,---

~------- ----- -- -- ... -----'--

co~ po(,,)~dQ..d IDj 
0.",) SE'~I ~e~~ 
;e.~ iv, ,,1i,..;V\K 

I 
I 

I 
-\ 

IlIuSlratlon Sieve Skuttinne 

Let ';'S no~ look at t~e more co~troversial issue of the politicization of 
the unIve.rslty .. There IS much eVidence to suggest, that s ince World War 
II th.e university has . become so heavily politicized that it has become 
nothing less than an Instrument of state policy. At a 1961 Parent's COI,-
vocatIOn, John A. Hannah, then president of Michigan Stdte University 
said, " Our colleg~s and universities must be regarded as bastions of o~ 
defense, as essential to the preservation of cur country and our way of life 
as supersonic bombers! nuclear-powered submarines and in-

ter~ontlntental ballistiC mlssles." Lt. Gen Austin W. Betts, the Army's 
Chief of Research and Development, corroborated this sentiment when in 
1968 he s~t~d " To st.ay abrea~t of advances in technoJogy, the university 
must be mtllllately Involved m the support of research. The citadel~ of 
research are the uni~ersities. ~t w?Uld be a national disaster if they could 
not mak~ an app;opnate contflbutlOn to o~r national strength." 

I ever Promised You a ose Garden (Revisited) 
The ~nlv~rsl~y s partnership with the state and the Pentagonians has 

many Iffi~hcabons for our argument. For instance, MIT's governmental 
laboratOries: ~hlch work for NASA and the defense department, receive 
over $.100 millIon ann~lIy f?r research. These funds insure a political 

cO~.ltment by t~e . university to a specific ideological position and to 
speCifiC ~tate ~oh~les that realize themselves in the work of these 
laboratOrIes. This kmd of indirect political commitment was temporarily 
threatened by the student act!vism in the late 1960s, but is now resurging 
at a new level as a fog of apolitical tranquility has once again settled over 
the AmerIcan campus. 

Another example, taken from the same school, is the political science 
depa rtmept and the Center of International Studies. Although the 
scholars In these departments consider themselves free and open and 
OffiCially, espouse the Ideals of " value neutrality" and objectivity, they 
are. In ro abty. handmaidens of the established power and ideology ap-
pendage: ttl the SOCial structure. The fact that these departments work on 
counter-Insurgency and not insurgency testifies to this. If the reality were 
such tha : the university were really an Ivory Tower, people might talk 
about both I~surgency and counter-insurgency, but they really wouldn 't 
Implemlnt Ither. 
. The fa"ts ?rc very diffe.rent. They talk about and implement cOWlter-
Insurger.~y, fhe c~se ot MIT Jliil,)' bc :m"tremi.()ne, but nevertheless is 
reflectl v ~ 01 what IS going on everywhere - including here under our very 
noses at J CSD. 

One w iY in which the Wliversity has been allowed to become an in-strumen.,~( state policy,is thr~>ugh the sanctified ideology of "academic 
freedom ~a.slcally, thiS notion means that the universities are not to 
takeany political stand at all ; they are to be value-free institutions where 
any.tlffie someone on the outside offers money or encoura'gement for a 
proJect , then the universities do it. 

It is this notion that was behind President Saxon's "neutrality" 
to\~a rd~ the CIA. T~us, if the defense department or the CIA offers the 

l\er5lty $100 mllho~ to do research on counter-insurgency, then the 
. t'r~ltJe' do It. Obv.lOusly, the r~sult of this value-free policy is a joke. 

Wh:l t It reallr means, IS. that those Institutions in the external society that 
r1' In a poSitIOn to a rticulate their needs - and. furthermore, ar in a 

1.>ltlC)II to finance fforts to me t those needs - can casily control th 
Continurd on Page 20 

by Paul Saltman 
Vice-Chancellor, Academic Affairs 

There is a c ri s is within the 
university . We face a pressing need to 
define and to a rticulate the in-
s titutional goals and purposes of the 
university and, having established 
these, to fulfill them. 

A university is an envi ronment 
among many, dedicated t~ 
maximizing the intellectual and 
crea tive potcntial of those students 
<II1d faculty members who come to it 
committcd to teaching and leal'lling. 

[t IS an institution that serves 
socie ty by bringing to it powers of 
el'ltlcal and constructive insight, in 
the fo rm of its hurnall resources and 
intellectual acumen, and it is 
d 'rheated to maximizing societal 
Ill' lI-b ing. 

As trite a nd triVia l as thes phrases 
may appeal'. if we In the univers ity 
('(lIIld only ag ree upon these fun-
r! :lll1cntal goals and purposes !n a 
pluralistic fa shion, and demonstrate 
our progress toward their fulfillment. 
many of th traumas engendercd by a 
lack of credibility might not ex ist. 

Univ "s itics have been rcactive 
I'ilther than prot tive. We are buf. 
fded ~bout by too many ('on-
stltu nCles and have tried to pi ase 
thenl all. " Student rebellion" 
o. tensibly, 'ccms to have run i'ts 
('ourse. Out a far more s rious 
rebellion and r volution is undcrwa y. 
I ref r to the very powerful upwelling 
of th s pirit of the (·ountercultUfl'. 
This includ s not only antl-sl'irntific 
and anti-t'('hnological for(' rs but total 
anti·intellr('tual forccs a. wrll. The 
ne'er! to know is n ' placeet by th n eet 
t () f ( ·(, I. 

WI~ttr(· r'(lf1fm"t!'(~ by the n'ahty of 

fiscal "steady-state," something 
mor~ than a theoretical relation hip, 
fashIOnable in equilibrium jdnetics 
and demography. The end of ever-
continuing growth is directly related 
to the university a nd its well-being. 

irrelevance to a faculty mCIIlbt'r 
vice vers<:o Research goals ~ 
government agency may be 
tithctkal to that of another. 

Perhaps the most frighten ing 
at work is that mediocrity, 

,The unlverslly C811101, 1111 .. any 
-lor Chlnaa and, alllll 

• an .. Vlron_1lI 
We are no longer expanding in 

number~ or size or in economic sup-
port. Society approac hes zero 
population growth and forces upon the 
Academya demand to ewhieve hange 
in the absence of growth. 

Thc incrcaslIlg dccreas in real 
dollars of fisca l support to thc in-
stitution of highcr education erodes 
the qualit} of lughcr education . One 
-rnall example from ollr own campus 
IS th diminution of at Icast 40 to 50 
J'X'rcent. in real dollars p r student, in 
the amount of money the state of 

alifornia provides for instruction 
and support during the last eight 

~·cars. The for 'es of inflation, campus 
growth and the lack of legislative and 
cxecutive support have been at work . 

The importan c ancl the role of 
graduate cduca tion is under attack by 
projections indicatinl{ that individuals 
wit~ doctoral degr es may have no 
poSitIOns to fill within the realm of 
Hl'adem Joh s cunty for our) oung 
f'I(·lIlt). ami cv n for those of us who 
a rc midrllt'-agl'd and growing o[d(!r 
f(lster. h romrs mol" illlportant than 
till' ad of scholarship or pedagogy. 

m~.l'h I('s!'! the JOYS <I rived therefrom. 
I he 1'(' ,II" l'IHl'ion cries for 

" I't'l(' van{' ," fl'ol11 (' el') quort 1' . Yet, 
lI 'h'\'a n(' to a .~tlld('nt h oft 'n 

than meritocra y. has been 
upon us as our intelll'ctual goal. 
d eply troubled by the passlnot 
menta [ity . Excellence and 
are not synonymous. Why 
cept it in our institutions of 
when it IS unacc ptable on our 
fields and ill our concert halls? 

The Ullxi'ty and ins{'('urit\ ~ 
A('adem)' runs parullel jo th~' 
it:; cre<libility with so manl 
our sodet) . Thel'!' \\'<lS a' tllM 
the Governor, the Legislature 
above all, the people of the 
California believed in 
education. They believed in the 
cellcnce of the University 
California, in thc State Co[lege 
University system and in the 
munity colleges, whicli together 
the trlpartitc. pluralistic and 
prehclIsivc program fOl' 
edocat Ion here. 

That cre<libility is no longer 
Indeed, thl' uni\l'rslt.,. has b tOOll' 
('rfr 'live scapego,lt, 'to be vilIfied 
politicians in thell' qu 'sl fOI 
fr01l1 their (·Ieetoratcs. 

Th' (,~lll.~CS of this loss of b .'lId 
(;lIth in the univ rSlty eun bc 
traced to the promis's it 
('ould not and ('annot kcrp. 

thl'~t' Wl'r not xplicit promisl". 

implicit nature, they could 
come to pass, givcn the various 
ptual constructs in which 

faculty and the society 
and relate. 

Let me ex plore a few examples of 

to problems of raC'ism and cures for 
cancer - but the " academics" did not 
have the governmental , political, 
social and economic power to bring 
about such changes. Nor did they 
necessarily have the wisdom 0 1' 

accept I .. I'8lPOa1bl111Y lor baing an .aaenl 
time, maintain III 1001II111y 

and I.rlllna. 
Somc universities impJi d th re 

lIould bc jobs fol' all who had degrees-
. nut just any old jobs, but careers 
IIIIh security, high pay and in-
t"n'sting and challenging tasks to do . 

llll\'l'rsiUcs prOVide fcIV jobs in QUI' 
'("'I l'l~. Therl' were some who 
tx'\t·\ l'rI that universities would fe d. 
hUll\('. ('ntertain, t('nch mann rs to 
ilnll . ulti mate ly, J'X'rhaps find a mate 
r'lI 1'<I ('h and vcr)' young <ldo[esccnt 
01' funa le who would come to th 111 -
but the students wanted " freedom" 
and a[tcrnalil'c lifestyles . Th"l'e were 
II thers who believed that a 
professorial position with a university 
was a lifetime sm cure to do "onc's 
01\11 thing" with a license to go forth 
;111<1 ga rner all extramural grants 
anrl lor consultation fees that the 
tra ffic would bear - but the monies 
rlned up and there were many, too 
111,111), studellL~ to teach. There were 
s nll' who beli!'ved that the univer-
sities \H'r' contract rcsearch " think 
tanks" that. for a fe!', would promls 
to t)lIl'~ Ul' "u('h proJccts a~ ('reating 
Il1ld bUII("I1~ atomic bombs, proximity 

fu~l's. I'ad<ll'. pl'ovidillg health care 
lie I 1\'('1') for all, finrlin~ tr;lI1~portlltion 
, )"tl'IIIS for complex dtll'S, solution,' 

knowledge. 
And what is most frightening is that 

we continue to make Frornises we 
('annot keep. We continue to propose 
functions for the university that will 
appeal to one or more of the 
popula tions that we serve in " in-
novatlve" fas[1Ions. much in the mode 
of ('ontr'lIlporary c lothing 
llIanufacturers in Amcl'lca who mus t 
m('ct the four seasons with " new 
styll'!..," much ballyhoo and little 
lasting import. 

It is time to articulate the promises 
the university can, and must, uniquely-
keep. We must providc an cn-
vironm nt for education of thc hi~hest 
quality . J)cspite th diversity of man's 
intellectual pursuits, therc is a 
oneness to his intell ctuality. ~'or that 
oneness, that wholencss . that in-
tl'grity of m8f1\ lea I'TI ing anrl secking, 
the univef"ity must provide a f rLile 
.lI1rl stimulating organization. 

I have nl'\er been able to grasp a 
Illwar spcctrum of the dis ipHn ' for 
llIan's knowlcdg '. The lIlt.l'll ctual . 
(lis 'Iplilles <Ire IinkC'f1 in a dr ular 
ring . Consider biology. 1I0w can a 
hiologist be "real ive without un-
Ik'rstandillg the nature of eh 'mist I y, 
physics and mathematics. Without 
1)l'lng uwan' of th(' p.~)(·hol(lgllitl 

forces which function in the central 
ncrvous system , or how humans 
operate through socio-economic units 
or tribes or their concel'Tl with 
language and communication . 
Indecd, a biologist must sense the 
aesthetic Qualities Df ari and music 
and be a ble to re late them to the 
identical artistry and the creativity 
that must exist within the field of 
biology. No discipline can or should be 
dissected into a historical per-
spective, a moral perspective. a social 
perspective or a scientifiC per-
spective. To view biology in a frac-
tured, prismatic fashion is not be a 
biologi t. 

The univers ity must rea te an 
cnvi ronment in which given 
disc iplines ca n sc<'rch, act, grow and 
deve[op within the limits of th ir own 
('pis temology. and ye t be compelled to 
sc the s ignificance of thei r in, 
terre latedness to all other disciplincs. 
[n part. a unive rs ity is a physica l 
('nvi ronrnent of classrooms, 
laboratories, Hbrari s, computers. 
instruments, studios. equipment, 
offic S. hospitals. s hips, experimcn(al 
agricultural plots, wild rness areas 
,met all manner of physi als[Jaces and 
faciliti s that allow ('reative cx· 
pression and search. 

At the sa me tim , there must be an 
integration of these s paces, plac s, 
books, computers, test tubes and 
rehearsal stages. Th archil ctural 
(Ieslgn of tI university environment 
must I' late man to natur , bring 
[x'oplc together to exchange ideas anet 
stimuli and must al~o perlmt that 
fX'l'sonal pflval'y which cnch of lL~ 
requires in the acts of traching and 
learning. Above all, the architecture 

IlllL~t be flexibl '. It must Imvc thal 
pro [lC I't) of evolution to meet the 

. '1IIIff,," ,rtg 13, 

Monday, February 23, 1976 

A Radical Perspective 
On Higher Education 

by Students' Educational 
Change & Development Collective 

Ever since schooling became 
inst itutionalized, attempts to form 
comprehensive models for its 
development and function have 
challenged the minds of many 
individuals, groups and govern-
ments. As one model become 
dominant through such 
mechanisms as compulsory 
education and selective linancial 
support - it has profoundly in-
fluenced the nature and quality of 
education available at all levels. 

this dominant view of education. 
Many of its basic tenets have been 
challenged by " revisionist" critics 
such as Herbert Gintis, Samuel 
Bowles, Ivan Illich, Martin Carnoy 
and David Smith, who insist there 
are gla ring contradictions between 
what the establishment 
spokespersons have claimed and 
what truly eKists. 

Radical cn tit's believe that the 
U S educational system plays a 
different role than that portrayed 
above. Basically following a 
Marxist analysis, they argue that a. 

BY elliling II nllng 81101DI81 01 a 10Cllllii 
allarnalila ... luChers cln InSPire creilive 

IhOUgbllnd commllmanl In I .ay thai 
no IID0uni of proPIAnda can. 

The domain 's socie tal view of 
schooling in general, and of higher 
education in particular, is that 
institutionalized education 
provides the means for individual 
and social advancement, as well as 
a vehicle for inculcating values 
and norms necessary for social 
stability. It offsets social inequities 
and differences by being an ob-
jective selector of rational and 
intelligent individuals for im-
portant positions in the existing 
social, political and economic 
hierarchy. The payoff for the in-
dividual is the ability to learn as 
much as possible in order to 
achieve the highest level of 
competence and to receive the 
rewards associated therewith. The 
payoff for society is an ever in-
creasing rate of productive in-
dividuals, and consequently an 
abundance of the material goods so 
essential to human existence. 

Since one ofthe main ingredients 
of a healthy society is a healthy 
economic system. schooling's 
relationship to the perpetuation 
and growth of our capitalist system 
is a crucial one. In meeting the 
needs of the nationa! labor force in 
an advanced industrial economy 
suc.h as ours. the traditiona l 
educational model predkts that 
the proportion of jobs reqUIring low 
s kills will decrease and the 
proportion requiring high skills 
will increase. Although there is 
some disagreement on the nature 
of the " high" skills ( increasing 
automation results in a eertain 
amount of "de-skilling"), most 
concur that the character of work 
will be progressively " white 
colla r ," and thus carry with it the 
" higher" skill demands of non-
manual labor. 

Formal education thus serves as 
the crucia l institution for providing 
the training-either in specific 
skills or general capacities--
necessary for a growing volume of 
" white collar" jobs . Higher 
education, through its teaching and 
research miss ions, i se n as being 
highly effective In meeting various 
personal and national needs as 
they <l rise. A ademic freedom and 
structural fleXibility a llow 
Wlmhibitcd and unlimited mobility 
for all, rega rdle s of ex. clas , 
race or color. 

This esTablishment view i 
supported by such academics as 
Lawrcnce Cremin, JOM Dewey 
and Clark Kerr . 'These historians, 
educators and administrators 
maintain that "a source of 
profound strength lies in th 
American educational heritage" 
and that " designed especially for 
their ta~k , public s hools have 
stood - and now stand - a great 
w lIspring of freedom, equality, 
and government." 

They maintain that there ar no 
ontr<ldictiolls between capitalism 

and dcmo racy or betwc n 
freedom and authority . 

ot surprisingly, during th pa t 
d cad th I'C has been a con-
sid 'I'abt' amount of criti al 
analysis devoted to qu lionin~ 

capitalist economic system relies 
upon the exploitation of the 
working class for the accumulation 
of wealth by the class of O\1inerS 
and controllers of the productive 
process . From this fundamental 
economic class division spring a 
wide variety of sodal inequalities 
(such as racism and sexism). 

Radical critics are opposed to 
education serving an economic 
system which relies on social 
inequality and class exploitation 
for its existence. By examining the 
educational system's processes 

Contillucd on Page IS 

Whal was 
Shoveled 
ShOvelS 

Submitted Anonymously 

Mos t univerGities function to 
instill the acce pted ideas of the 
esta bJishmcnt -- that is any 
organization that econonlically 
controls a university-into tl>e 
minds of the young; this is a simple 
and widely understood fact that is 
comfortably ignored by students of 
1976. 

In the 1960s students rebelled 
against this notion-they dropped 
out but many came back when the 
pavement became too cold. 

Today's sentiment towards 
functional universities is different : 
stay in school at all costs because 
life on the pavement does not have 
the heroic identification that it 
once had. It stinks and the shit it 
exudes is not redolent. In a sense, 
the studenls of 1976 dre wis~r than 
their predecessors: they realize 
that they will not shovel th shit, 
but the shit will definitely shovel 
them 

Wisdom is resignation , which is 
ncver a healthy characte ristic in 
the young. In Catch-22, the sar-
castic. las ivious old man outrages 
naive ately because of hi s 
" turncoat" standards: he is pro-
German when the Germans are in 
power; he is pro-American when 
the Americans are in power, etc. 
Students of today are neith r 
Nately (thank god ) nor the old 
man, bu t there is a grea t r ten-
dency towards the old man's 
re! igna tion. 

I ~e ignation is a II right in a man 
whn is 107 year old. but in the 
yOU1g it creates apathy (apparent 
in all univer ili ). pathy in the 
yOWltl ha led to UJougbUe ness -

1I1~ c~:>y 3cct!\JlaIlLI! \)1 any 
situation, in this case, the func-
tional university. 

Th thoughtle ' ness or today' 
stud nts coincides pcliectly wllh 
th purposes of th functional 
Wllver ity, nd wor t of 11, beg is 
medocnty a la mod among the 
stud 'nts. 



Mo .... y, February IS, m. 

The Siudenl·lnside 
hy John H. Taylor 

A woman walks on a campus path, her 
arms wrapped around her torso as if she is 
holding something inside. Her head is bent, 
her expression a glaring study in emptiness. 

A biology major is with his advisor. The 
bio major's father is a doctor who raised his 
son to be a doctor. The boy did very well in 
high school. He has just been told he doesn'l 
have the stuff to make it 10 med school, and 
feels confused and cheated 

A women sits before her dean. She has 
admitted to cheating, and the dean has 
finished reciting the litany of disciplinary 
actions the school will have to take against 
her. She is asked why she cheated. 

"I didn't want to feel average. Especially 
around here." 

••• 
College isn't easy on anyone. For the first 

year student, there are the new experiences 
and decisions, the questioning of lifelong 
goals and a deepset lifestyle. Forthe senior, 
there is often no place to go after school. 

For both - and for everyone in the middle-

- there is pressure, sometimes loneliness, 
sometimes inexplicable depression . 
Students often even have fun neurotically. 

There are needs that are ignored or un-
derrated because the problems of the young 
- not rooted in years of ups and downs, in an 
extended clump of experience - are not 
thought to be as serious or troubling as 
those of adults. Sometimes the values the 
University requires students to accept 
before they become eligible for its, rewards 
go against the grain: competitiveness som~times fierce, always draining; ~ 
contmuous pressure to show your worth 
within the strictures of academe. 

It's standardized. And it's the only way to 
choose society's future movers and shakers. 
It pinpoints excellence and chucks the chaff. 
And it messes people up. Even the future 
movers and shakers . 

••• 

do not approach it. 
There are also peer counseling 

organizations: Page 1 at Muir, the Revelle 
Community Center, the Women's Center. 
All of them doing what they can, all of them 
wondering about the person on the ninth 

, floor of Tioga somewhere who is languishing 
and who isn't asking for help. 

Nobody quite knows how to help , as much 
as they want to. Muir dean Jim Beckley -
whose office is structured around peer 
counseling to get channels for help as close 
to the students as possible - has to shrug. 

tn loco parentis went out with the dark 
ages. " How paternali~tic can vou hc('ome 
before you begin living their lives for them? 
If we were in contact with everyone all the 
time, we wouldn't be allowing students the 
responsibility to make their own decisions. 
And their own mistakes." 

Beckley is convinced the peer approach to 
counseling works the best. Many members 
of his staff are students, and he had sup-
ported the efforts of Page 1, which offers all 
types of counseling, including academic. 

miniscule. " 
And "what the University grants credit 

for feew; into what students' self-images will 
be." 

The dean feels the school's failure to 
recognize or a ward efforts toward personal 
success in 'social development and group 
dynamics' is a major factor contributing to 
a unique frustration and alienation among 
students here. 

"I don't think anything students feel can 
be separated from academics. Students 
become lonely and socially i"ept because 
too much energy goes into schoolwork." 

What was the source of this lack of sen-
sitivity to the social and personal needs of 
students? 

Beckley blames the campus' efforts to 
"gain recognition quickly. And the best way 
to attain that recognition is through 
research. " 

Consequently, he says, research is valued 
over teaching. Beckley pointed to schools -
such as the University of Illinois and MIT -
that have separated teaching and research 

11 

environment" of school into a frame of mind 
where they appear and feel employable -
until it is nearly too late. 

He indicates that while administrators are 
sensing a dire need for students to lea rn the 
skills necessary to ga in employment, 
students don't. For instance, a workshop on 
skills necessary for finding work recently, 
sponsored by the counseling office, was 
sparcelyattended. 

Either the problem is not recognized, or 
the students feel it is so severe that it cannot 
be approached effectively. But the problem 
is,Munoz notes, a severe cause of emotional 
confusion to most students eventually. 

(Beckley, however, would like to deem-
phasize job concerns, which he says ap-
proach neurotic proportions. " We will never 
be able to know even half of what we might 
need to know about the future. 

("No one knows how to prepare for what 
he will be doing in 20 years. We don't have 
the data to make these decisions wisely. Yet 
we ask students to make college, 
major and career decisions" as if ad-

• 

Illustration ' Mark Aobb 

The dean also wishes governments in the roles as evidence that large schools can be minsitrators think they can be made ef· 
dorms - which at Muir are organized into successful research-wise and still not fectivelv.) 
twa-floor 'houses' that elect officers - would neglect the responsibility for effective and He also mentioned the initial confusion a 
step beyond their current role as social sensitive undergraduate teaching. student develops when he enters the 
coordinators into counseling. "We lack a balance between teaching and University. 

The goal is, literally, to get next to the research. We give students just one " At home, most of his needs were taken 
student in Tioga. criterion for success, and thereby the in- care of. Now he has to balance his check-

Beckley feels most problems faCing stitution sets up a model for students. to book and do his own laundry." 
students here are common to university promolgate," he says. And, more important, students often find 
stude nts nationwide: grade, grad school and • •• lifestyles and values open to them in the 
career pressure. 'There's the same en- Dan Munoz is both dean of Third College university environment quite contrary to 
vironmental press in psychological areas and a member of the staff of psychologists in what they learned at home . "A re-
everywhere. It's the cultural norm." the counseling office. He views emotional evaluation is often necessary." he says. 

And it lead~ to chc(lting, disenchantment and psychological pressures in the As a psychologist, Munoz says he believes 
and beyond. University environment as similar to those in using the "support systems the Univer-

But there is a uniqueness to UC San Diego, in society at large. Social and personal sity offers for emotional problems. 
says Beckley, that has turned the campus pressures tend to coincide, and work Sometimes it just involves calling the 
intoa 'pressure cooker.' pressures in society, he says, roughly ap- proper office to get the right forms moved; 
"There is too much energy spent here on proximate school pressures. other times the student might need coun-
onl~' one al"('a of gl"Owth - intellect." he says. But he sees two crucial differences: the seling from a specialized source. 
" UCSD docsn't awunl studcnl~ for knowing uncertainty a student may feel entering the "Some people feel students who have 

The question is, what does the University themselves, or adapting to change, or being college environment, and the uncertainty he emotional impediments don' t belong on a 
do to keep its students happy and sodall~' udept." He poinL~ to 'sister schools'- is likely to face in leaving it. University campus," says Munoz. " I don' t 
psychologically sound? Are the available -schools with programs in science that arc . "What makes this population different ascribe to that view. 
sources of help there for the students who as strong as or stronger than UCSO's, such from any other in society is academic " This is a community. There are 
need them, or to keep the system oiled? Is ;IS lIa rV:.tnl , Caltech, MIT, and Yale-th<lt pressure, and the question, 'What am I resources that can provide folks with what 
the interest in keeping the kid on the beam nffer cl"t'Clit for- courses that let student'> going to do after these four or five years?' " they need to lead them toward the goal of 
for four years and then to hell with him? apply soda l knowledge. " [';v('n in the social Munoz notes that prominent concern graduation, or of social satisfaction." 

A number of services are available, sC"icnccs and humanities herc there is littlc currenUy is job pressure, because the Munoz also pointed to the cultural 
among them the Psychological Counseling fieldwork-just theoretical development: economy has tightened up, and the job barriers that crop up when specific groups, 
and Services office. Staff psychologists market has come to exclude large members groups not . represented In the 
there are a vailable for students with "There is this slavish dependence at UCSD of coUege-trained individuals. predominantly white, straight, male group 
problems ranging from sex to drugs to on one way of learning - the didactic lecture But he feels students orten fail to confront that has built the University and that 
loneliness. But the office is remarkably model," he says. "The belief that learning the seriousness of their situation - the (act chooses its directions - enter the student 
inadaquate in dealing with individuals w,h.o_.ca_n_e.X1.·s.t_ou.ts.I.·d.e_th ... e_lect_ur .... e .... se.;.tt;,;,i;,;,n,;;;g .... is_.t.h"'ey;...ha_ve_to .. begin .. to __ skJ:i=p=f=ro=m=th=e="=u=nre=a=l =====-====c.'o=n=tI.Du.ed=OD=-p=8=g.e=1.9_=--.: 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
200 years is langl We'd like 10 

see Ihe ERA passed in 76. Join us, 
Ihe UCSD Feminisl Cool ilion, for a 
debate 0' the Equal Rights 
Amendme I, Wednesday 

I ' February 2t , at 8 pm in the Revelle 
Commons. 

STUDENT VOLUNTEER PROGRAM: 
(1) The Dis-ubjed ~e;~icos Program 
of Son Die~a ,Parks and Re creation 
needs sl"dents 10 assisl in 
recreatiancl pctivities ~or severely 
dIsabled yc,ufhs. Help IS especially 
needed Fridpy evenings, 7 :00 -
10:00 pm. (2) University Hospital 
will hold 0'1 orientation session for 
volunteers Tuesday. Morch 2, from 
9:30 - 12:30 in the third floor 
conference room of University 
Hospital. Free transportation 
between the basic sc ience building 
and the hospital is available doily. 
For more informat ion call EXI . ~17 
or come to the Studenl 
Organizations office. second floor 
of the Student Cen'er after 2:00 
pm. 

Ulliversity research project Ileed 100 
UCSD Ulldergraduates to participate 
ill study identifying factors that aBlIist 
students through graduation 
--.","'.' •• "111_ .... '" .. "_.'."'"_ .... "'-$ PAYING $2.00 AFTER ,/{fff' 45 MINUTE ~ QUESTIONNAIRE 

IS COMPLETED 

Admini8tration on walk in or appoint. 
ment ba8i8- Phone 452-4449. 
Place- 1260 Humanitie8 Library 
building, Revelle, CHa8 office 

toate - Feb. 23,24,25,26. 

CASH DISCOUNTS 
ON THE 

'76 CVCC HONDA 
AUTOMOBILE & ACCESSORIES 

TO UCSD STUDENTS AND FACULTY 
(W/I.D., 

CALL JEANNE AT 565.8022 
AND ARRANGE FOR YOUR 

DEMONSTRATION RIDE AND DISCOUNT 
4697 CONVOY STREET 
" ~"""",--",-------,,, 

Monday, February %3, 1171 

.... PIIln ... 
changing neew; and knowledge of 
a society. 

The most important resource of 
a university are thOse human 
beings who live and work within 
it. A university must reach out to 
attract all peoples who are 
concerned, conunitted, creative 
and IntellectuaUy dedicated, so 
that their collective endeavor or 
teaching and learning transcends 
the swn of their own personal 
abilities. Without such students, 
faculty and staff, the (inest 
physical environment in the most 
architecturally splendid state has 
no meaning. 

••• 

Let us now examine the 
processes o( teaching and 
learning. These two activities 
cannot be separated or 
decoupled. Light, when 
examined by some experiments, 
appears to be quantized, while, 
when examined by other 
teclmiques, appears as waves. In 
similar fashions, the processes of 
teaching and learning are two 
ways of looking at a single 
phenomenon called education. 

The process of teaching has 
been given a great deal of 
rhetorical acclaim and attention 
but has received too little rational 
examination, quantification, and, 
above all, reward. It is time to 
give it the hard scrutiny and 
evaluation it deserves . The 
process of teaching takes place in 
many diverse settings, including 
lecture halls, .seminars, 
laboratories, studios - yes, even 
dialogues on the ends of logs -
and most recently in the form of 
complex interactive computer-
aided instruction. Yet the 
qualities of teaching excellence 
are universal in all of these 
.;ettings. There is a hierarchical 
set of standards which can and 
must be. applied to aU of the 
teaching that takes place in our 
universities. These are set forth 
for examination in the hope that 
they will stimulate our thinking 
and discourse about this most 
important activity. 

The first level of this hierar-
chical sequence is to measure the 
ability of the person or the 
system to communicate the facts. 
Our lives are filled with facts and 
knowing contained in small 
packets of information. These 
facts come in books, in computer 
tapes or stored in peoples' minds 
to be divulged orally or in graphic 
form. All great teachers can, and 
do, communicate facts. By no 
means are such human sources of 
facts the most comprehensive. 
Indeed, this is not the case. 
Libraries fal' exceed them in 
capacity and accuracy . 
However, withoufa teacher who 
knows faats and communicates 
them, teaching can never begin. 

The second level of the 
hierarchy focuses on the 
leacher's ability to develop skills 
in the student. Skills come in 

TWO alumni ... 
teachers and the best teachers 
weren't good researchers. 
Consequently, that school has a 
separa te faculty for each duty. 

Low Priority 
In Shepard's view, the quality 

of undergraduate education here 
is poor s imply because it is a low 
priority in academic depart-
ments. "The departments are 
interested in getting researchers 
who will increase the prestige of 
their department, " Shepard said. 
He feels the student movement of 
the '60s may have influenced the 
world outside the university, but 
it failed to influence the depart-
ments within the University. 

Sweetwood saw one exception 
in the formation of Third College. 
"The creation o( Third College 
was a significant attempt on the 
pa .tAe_ .uaiyenj ~ .......... -

various orms : the 
mathematical ability to 
manipulate numbers using the 
skills of addition, subtraction, 
multiplication, diviSion, in-
tegration and so forth ; the 
physical ability to measure in-
tervals of time, space, weight, 
spins on electrons, charges on 
protons, the spectra of the stars 
and distances in light years; the 
literary ability to develop skills in 
the placing of words in sequence 
and in context to become poems, 
novels, short stories and plays; 
the musical skills to bring forth 
pure notes from the gut of a 
violin, the brass or a trumpet, the 
sounding board of a piano or the 
throat of a . human and their 
fusion into music; and the artistic 
skills of two dimensional lines 
drawn on paper that become 
three dimensional artifacts of 
man's architecture, painting, 
sculpting and weaving. Great 
teachers are themselves skilled, 
and above all, they develop skills 
in their studerits. 

The tnird level of the hierarchy 
of teaching is the ability of the 
teacher to communicate to the 
student an understanding of how 
we understand. Epistemology is 
too frequently ignored in the 
educational process. But it is 
rare that we develop an ap-
preciation for the ways - and 
there are many - of how to un-
derstand the nature of the 
universe in which we live and the 
value systems by which we live. 
There is, indeed, a unity of man's 
intellectual disciplines, but there 
is a diversity of the 
epistemologies involved In each. 
The physical and biological 
sciences share a common 
epistemology. The social 
sciences, to a gr.eater or lesser 
extent, have another common 
body of knowing and how one 
knows that impinges on and 
overlaps the sciences. In the 
areas of the humanities, a dif-
ferent set of epistemological 
approaches is utilized. The 
strategies are related to, but not 
in any wayan identity with, those 
found in the sciences or the social 
sciences. Indeed, when one 
begins to examine how we know 
what we know , a true ap-
preciation of the process of 
learning beings. Most crucial for 
good teaching is the ability of the 
teacher to impart to the student 
those strategies by which he, in 
not knowing, can know, and can 
find a richness of personal joy 
and satisfaction in knowing that 
which was before unknown. 

The fourth hierarchical level of 
teaching excellence is the ability 
to communicate and arouse in the 
students a sense of the joy of 
learning the teacher'S discipline. 
Each and everyone of us has 
been touched and, thus, moved by 
a teacher or teachers who have 
brought that personal and 
existential sense of joy and ex-
citement in the learning process. 

But when talking with 
colleagues, the use of the phrase 
"joy of learning" is met with 
laughter and derision. There is 
ministration to meet the social 
demands that were being made 
by enraged students," he said. 
Third College, he feels, tried to 
put the knowledge of the 
university to use in solving social 
problems. "Third College was set 
up with the concept: let's face 
social issues, let's face real, 
honest-ta-goodness issues, let 's 
use disc iplines to solve 
problems. " 

Sweetwood says Third College 
hasn't realized this goal yet, 
because UCSD lacks the con-
fidence in its reputation to 
comlllit itself to a new direction 
in education. In its quest for 
prestige, he said UCSD con-
centrates on academic 
disciplines because such a 
traditional approach to education 
is the best way for a college to 
gain prestige. 

Shepard believes that the 
failure o( Third College to realize 

-tltJob dw1lilflMflRt: 

f rlfon fll1l(~ 
an automatic confusion in the 
meaning of the terms joy and 
entertainment. The joy that must 
be aroused has to be an aotive 
sensation-one that comes from a 
personal commitment and in-
volvement one that can be seen in 
an honest and unhypocritical 
sense within the teacher and 
allowed to be experienced and 
encouraged on the part of the 
student. 

The fifth level is manifest in the 
personal courage of the teacher 
to expose' himself as one of many 
human models to be observed, 
dissected, 'challenged, fought, 
appreciated, loved and hated by 
the student, and, ultimately, to be 
incorporated as a part of the 
being of the student. This is the 
most difficult and demanding 
task a teacher has. It is easy to 
dismiss the trivial ' grandstand 
plays of the popular teachers who 
arrogantly "struts his stuff" for 
an admiring audience of 
sychophants. But it is not easy to 
dismiss the professor who, in 
knowing his discipline and in his 
desire to communicate that 
knowing, makes clear his own 
sense of inadequacy of knowing 
enough, or his own true modesty 
of knowing definitively what 
students should know. This is a 
rare courage to manifest self in a 
fashion that cannot be caUed 
"indecent exposure." 

The line between the obscene 
and beautific is, indeed, a thin 
one. Each of us owes a great deal 
to those few individuals who have 
been our models for us to emulate 
in our own personal fashion. The 
eclectic gathering of bits and 
pieces of those human beings who 
were our " teachers" have been 
essential to bring us together at 
this particular moment in time 
and to shape those ideas we have 
to share. 

••• 

The process of learning is 
equaUy important and takes 
place in countless settings. 
Though it is difficult to charac-
terize learning in quite the same 
hierarchical way we have for 
teaching, all great learning has 
related characteristics to all 

. great teaching. There is a 
universality of great learning in 
diverse disciplines. 

Great scholarship, great 
creativity or great learning is 
initially characterized by an 
individual's ability to articulate 
the fundamental questions that 
must be asked at that moment in 
time. All creative endeavor 
begins with questioning . In some 
respects, the asking of the 
question is the simplest aspect of 
the creative process. At the same 
time, it is the most complicated. 
For to ask profound, but difficult, 
questions and then be unable to 
take steps in the search is a 
sterile and futile endeavor. 

The second characterization of 
great scholarship is the ability to 
formulate a strategy or 
strategies for answering the 
questions that are raised or for 
communicating novel concepts 
and relationships through the 
the institution of the university 
hasn't let itself be influenced by 
the social and political concerns 
of its students. 

Still, he and Sweetwood believe 
that the university could in-
tegrate academic disciplines 
with an awareness of current 
political and social conditions in 
the world. Then, the university 
could be a place where students 
could learn about social problems 
in the classroom and learn how to 
apply what they learned to 
solving these problems. 

They feel that this type of 
orientation is especially im-
portant today, when students 
don't have the exposure to social 
problems outside the classroom 
they had in the '60s. 

Outside Exposure Missing 
"The point Tom and I are 

trying to make," Sweetwood 
said, "is that the social mili u of 
the . . f'I'Sm! 

forms of art or music. These 
s trategies are highly com-
plicated. They require the 
knowledge of facts, enormous 
skills, a thorough understanding 
of the epistemologies, and, above 
all, a keen awareness of all the 
elements of human intellectuality 
that can be brought to bear upon 
the solution. 

The third aspect of great 
learning is the ability to create 
and carry out that experiment, to 
bririg to fruition that painting or 
statue, to write that poem or 
novel, to forma Iize that new 
relationship-in effect , to "do it." 
Each of us knows, personally, one 
or more remarkable individuals 
who are great critics but not 
creators. These individuals are 
characterized by their ability to 
know the great questions and 
even formulate the strategies by 
which their answers can be 
arrived at, but they never take 
that personal creative step 
themselves. They don't "do it." 

The fourth level in the process 
of lea rning is to hold up, for 
public scrutiny and review, the 
results of our creative acts. It is 
our peers in the populace who 
will, at best, give us constructive 
praise or, at worst, derisive 
criticism. It is here where one's 
the world's problems for us. Now 
that outside exposure is missing. 
It has to come in the classroom if 
it is going to come at all." 

Both Shepard and Sweetwood 
feel this approach of applying 
knowledge to solving problems is 
a lso crucial to helping students to 
solve their own problems. "After 
I graduated, I found myself in 
certain situations where I 
couldn ' t apply the body of 
knowledge I had learned to the 
problem at hand ... This university 
doe n't teach students to cope, 
and that' one area where they 
could markedly improve," 
Sweetwood said. 

MIT dealt with this problem by 
holding seminars, courses and 
counseling sessions on how to 
cope in the outside world. 

Shepard agrees that the 
univ rsity doesn't satisfactorily 
prepare stud nts {or the real 
world. "What one should learn, at 
t tee , t UI'I~ e 

Page 13 

own joy of creation must 
frequently transcend the pain of 
penetrating and scathing rebuke. 
It is here where the courage of 
self-exposure must have been 
developed and our sense of self-
worth be manifested. 

We talk of the terms ex-
cellence, quality, greatness, but 
find it difficult to define such 
terms. I will not seek to 
reexamine those terms here but 
only to reiterate that the notions 
of exce llence, quality and 
greatness can be sensed, un-
derstood , appreciated and agreed 
to by ones' peers and superiors . 
What is needed, above all, is a 
commitment to honesty when 
those values are examined . 

But what have all of these 
remarks to do with the university 
in a contemporary society and 
the university's role as an agent 
of social change within the 
society? 

Everything! 
The university cannot, under 

any circumstances , accept the 
responsibility for being an agent 
for change and, atthe same time, 
maintain its integrity as an en-
vironment for teaching and 

learnin~. Once we have agreed to 
Continued on Page 15 

how to deal with your peers on a 
human and sensitive level. That's 
a good preparation for living with 
people after you get out of here." 
Shepard perceives that, often, 
this does not occur because the 
university is a place where the 
pursuit of one's own goals is 
given more emphasis than is 
learning how to interact with 
other people . 

"Actually," Sweetwood said, 
" I'm quite happy with my 
Ie, rning experience at UCSD. A 
lot of this was due to the political 

for ~es of the lime. But when you 
compare the system with how it 
could be you sec it has a long way 
t" b"." 

h pa rd dir ct his criticism at 
the institution of the univ r ity. 
" I feel there's a lot of JlI.Itential in 
the peopl here. There are 
wonderful things that happen 
here, but they seem to happen in 
spit of the institution, am! that' 
the disturbing part ." 



core SPOriS, 10 
HartlCOre Study, II 

by Scott Sadil 
AuistaDt Sports Editor 

A Saturday afternooo. The University 01. California, San Diego. 
Muir field is full of running, jogging, throwing, catching and hitting 

students. Countless balls fly through the air. 
The basketball courts in both the main and recreation gyms are 

swarming with sweaty athletes. Even more people stand along the walls, 
waiting for their chance to play. To perfonn. . 

The swimming pool looks like the finale of a lemming migration. 
Tennis, volleyball and outdoor basketball courts. Rooms designed for 

specific sports. Every patch 01. green grass. AU filled with activity . 
Everyone playing. Exercising, practicing. 

UCSD: " The Most Sports-Minded Campus In America! " 
Some 3O-odd intercollegiate athletic teams. At least as many 

recreational athletic clubs. And an enonnous and ever~xpanding in-
tramural program. 

••••• 

"Physical Fitness!", fresident Kennedy exhorted a,u o.f us 15 y~ars 
ago. "The vigor of our country is no stronger than the vltahty and will of 
all our countrymen." . 

Americans were caught up in the quest. Fitness became a new mlddle-
class ethic. "Sound body, Sound mind!" A perfect doctrine for the 
"aggressive" competitive American spirit." 

And who could argue? Certainly good health is very beneficial, even 
necessary, for a happy life. Everyone from Ben Franklin to Ma~ has 
continually reminded us of this connection. Sport breeds healthy bodies. 

However, somewhere along the line the goa l got mixed up. Sports for 
victory, not for physical fitness, became the objective. So now we play to 
win the World Series, beat the Russians, and make $2 million for throwing 
a football and shaving off a moustache. 

Meanwhile, millions of Americans still sit and watch, suffering from a 
hodgepodge of sagging livers, sinking gall bladders, droopmg stomachs, 
compressed intestines and squashed pelvic organs. 

••••• 

Most people do not associate UC San Diego with sports and physical 
education. No athletic scholarships are awarded by the school. A PE 
major and degree do not exist. Intercollegiate athletic championships are 
a rarity . 

But what may first appear as shortcomings in this necessary sector of 
education are actually results of certain ideological choices made by 
students and administration about the role of athletics on this campus. 

The emphasis has been directed towards participation. Not trophies . 
...... 

It is the fourth quarter of an often-played varsity basketball game in 
the main gym at UCSD. The score is tied. A small handful of loyal UCSD 
students root for the home team. The opposing squad has at least as many 
fans, equally boisterous. "Slick" Jackson and "Boom·Boom" 
McPheeters, both on four-year athletic scholarships for the visiting 
school, get hot in the final minutes to send the Tritons down to defeat once 
again. 

The visiting fans go wild. The UCSD die-hards straggle out of the gym, 
discouraged. "What do you expect," one of these students says to me. 
" When you operate on chicken feed, you're bound to keep laying eggs." 

••••• 

The money and structure that go into the athletic programs at UCSD 
are incorporated to benefit the greatest number of students while 
remaining receptive to specialized needs and preferences. The focus is on 
intra murals. And the more popular intercollegiate sports are adequately 
maintained. 

But fencers, table tennis players, and yogis also get support. 
Giving everyone who wants it a chance to participate is the aim of the 

physical education department. 
••••• 

The physical ed ucation organizations here understand that only 
through participation can the most positive benefits available through 
sports be realized by students. Physical fitness. Individual excellence 
and creativity. Interpersonal relationships. Group cooperation. 

What about competition and winning and losing? Some people feel that 
these areas of sports are equally important and beneficial. They need not 
worry . All students at this institution of higher learning learn these 
fundamentals of American life through their scholastic endeavors. 

As every coach at UCSD knows, academic pursuits take precedence 
over athlet ic ventures. 

••••• 

"Who needs sports?", he asked. "My classes are all I need. I had to do 
Continued on Page 20 

ELECT 
AI 

Tarkington 
COUNCILMAN 

• C.P.A. • ENVIRONMENTALIST 
Advocate 01 Open Space 

Acquisition Through More 
. EMdent Government 

Political ad paid fer by Commllttloo In EI«t Torld~ • 80. e. 0.1 Mo.. Co. 

Monday, February 23, It7. 

UCSD Fields 8 Pro Wllh 8 ChemlSlry BI 
', .. Ifll ••• HIre HlID ,. La .. Ina 11111 Fun--' •• w., II .auld I." 

By Dave Eisen 
Sports Editor 

Randy Miller has found the best 
III two worlds. 

Educationally, he will soon have 
a degree in chemistry and science, 
followed by graduate work. He is 
getting a solid education, he says, 
so he'll "have something to fall 
back on." 

Athletically, the UC San Diego 
senior is just a couple of years 
from pitching prol.essionally for 
the Baltimore Orioles. 

Miller's education came 
naturally but methodically, just as 
it does for most UCSD students. 
His involvement with professional 
sports, however, is a surprise -
UCSD is not known for its athlete 
alumni. 

Miller, a well-regarded high 
school pitcher, came to UCSD 
"purely for the academics. I 
wanted to get a good education, 
which I have. I thOught very little 
about baseball." 

An earned run average of just 
2.04 as a sophomore, and an 8-1 
record with a 1.45 ERA as a 
junionr, made him think seriously 
about baseball as a profession. 

"A lot of coaches told me I had 
the potential to pitch in the big 
leagues, but until you believe it 
yourself, that means nothing. Our 
coach, Lyle Olsen, and Larry 
Willens, the pitching coach, talked 
me into playing in the California 
Collegiate League the summer 
after my sophomore year. 

"I did well there, and I guess a 

lot of scouts saw me. I began to 
believe that I could pitch well 
against top competition," he said. 

"Ready ID ODe or Two Yean" . 
Drafted and signed by the 

Orioles the next year, Miller 
pitched for Lodi, Baltimore'!! 

Randy Miller 

minor league A team, where he 
was a starter. He had a good 
season. In the summer of 1975, he 
was sent to Miami, where his 
statistics where outstanding. 

Miller combined 16 saves and a 
1.84 ERA with an 8-5 record. By his 
own request he was used only as a 
relief. pitcher. He led the entire 
Baltimore organization, including 
the major league club, in ap-
pearances (59), saves and ERA. 

I'll be ready for the majors in 

one year, or two in the most. One 
thing that could hold me back is 
that there is quite a back-log of 
players ready and waiting to make 
the majors, but there just isn't 
room. 

"I'll have to prove myself again 
this season," Miller said. 

Miller was sent a contract, with a 
raise, to move up to Charlotte - a 
AA team - this seasoo. "I'm gOing 
to negotiate the monetary terms a 
liWe," he said. "I think I deserve 
more after last year's per-
formance. " 

Miller isn't putting all of his 
chips on baseball, as many players 
do. 

"Most players just signing out of 
high school don't go back to school, 
and have nothing to fall back on if 
they can't make it in baseball or 
when they retire. 

LeamiDg, HavlDg FUD 
"That is really a mistake. The 

education I've gotten here has been 
something I know I'll need. It's 
helped me mature as a person, and 
given me a way to make money 
when I get out of baseball." 

Miller has nothing but com-
pliments for the educational and 
athletic philosophies at UCSD. He 
even enjoyed playing baseball as a 
freshman, pitching one and tw()-
hitters, but losing. 

"I was taking the game seriously 
most of the time, but few of my 
teammates were. It was 
frustrating for a while, but now I 
realize tha~ the systems here help 
you learn and have fun, and that is 
the way it should be." 

'Posilions In SPOriS Ivallable tor 
Women. Reterees. Say Sweel. Moss 
If you are a woman or are in-

terested in refereeing your future 
may be bright. 

According to UC San Diego 
athletic deirector Judy Sweet and 
physical education instructor Bob 
Moss , UCSD's curriculwn and 
present conditions in the sports 
world have put the two categories 
in demand. 

" The future of women in 
athletics is much more promising 
than ever before," said Sweet. 
"Women can now make a good 
living from sports." 

Bob Moss 

At UCSD, women are being 
prepared for this new future at a 
rapidly growing rate . 

" We now have 11 worn n's or 
coed intercollegiate tams, along 
with many phYSical edu ahon 
cia .. . W hav adjust d our 

budget so any woman at UCSD has 
the same amount of money alotted 
to her as any man. She also gets 

The refereeing aspect, however, 
has proven an immediate source of 
income for those who have taken 

Judy Sweet IT Photo: Nathan Mey ... s 

equal use of all facilities. . 
"This, of course, is something 

women should have gotten long 
ago. At UCSD, I think we are just 
now being fair to women and men 
alike . 

" Now you can look into pro 
sports. Women are making more . 
money than ever before, " says 
Sweet, one of the only woman 
athletic directors in California. 
And with better facilities on the 
high school and college levels, 
there will soon be much better 
women's coaches, along with the 
women athletes." 

Moss' class. 
" For most kids now it's a part-

time job, but it does mean extra 
money. And there are more 
openings now for referees than you 
would believe . Junior high, high 
school, college, clubs, baseball , 
basketball, volleyball - just about 
anything. 

"There are also openings for 
referees on the professional level, 
where even more money is in-
volved. You have to be very in-
terested, but if you are, the 
positions are there." 

"The Positions are There" 
Moss instructs self-confidence 

classes, which he says aid both 
referees and people in everyday 

:> life. 

Moss is taking nine students to 
Alaska this summer to wnpire 
baseball, as well as work 
elsewhere six hours a day, five 
days a week. 

"To be a decent referee," one of 
Moss' students said, "you have to 
take his class. You need confidence 
in every move when you referee. In 
fact, you need it for what ever you 
do in life ." 

~ " The classes can help people In i a ny job," says Moss. I get calls all 
6 the time from people who need 
i? more confidence, and my class & gives it tothem." 
~ The Triton Times I. recognized by the Communications Board Of UCSD IS Ihe official 

slUdent newspap .... Publication Is On Mondays . Wednesdays and Fridays during the 
regular school year lexcept on official holidays) Editorial end business offices are 
localed ,n 117 Blake Hall on the Revelle College campus . University of Cal ifornia. san 
D,ego 

Letters to Ihe Editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissions ahould be 
typed on a 74·sp e line on non ... asable paper They Should not exceed Ihree page. in 
length double·spaced The Trllon Times r seMIS lhe rlghl to ed,1 submiSSions beCIIII.e 
of space "milaloons or slyl reqUlremenl s 

For edl toroal call 452·3466. l or buSmo.S and display advertlsemenls C311'52·3466 
[nitre Con l""t8 COPYrlgh11976. Trl lon T, me 

Moad8y, February %3,1976 

RldlallzaUIll • . . 
and results, they conclude that 
American higher education does 
just that. According to their 
analyses, universities serve 
capitalism in three main ways, 
through the perpetuation of social 
stratification, by training in-
dividuals to work in hierarchically 
organized and alienating jobs and 
by perfonning basic research 
which serves private capital while 
at the same time being publicly 
supported economically. (For 
more on this, see the "Counter 
Catalog" in the fall 1975 issue of 
CAPE or the reading list below. 

It is interesting to note that, 
although both the dominant and the 
Ie revisiOl)ist" models of higher 
education are considerably dif-
ferent, both essentially see it fit-
ting neatly with-and contributing 
towards-the 'current now of 
economic and social development. 
The "revisionist" critics have 
contributed greatly towards 
clarifying some of the miscon-
ceptions which have for years 
obscured a clear view of higher 
education and its socia I context. 
However, it is important to realize 
that such analysis has further 
revealed many new contradictions 

.and problems that require an-
swers, problems that cannot be 
solved by functionalistic methods 
of inquiry. The structural 
relationship between capitalism 
and schooling has been starkly 
exposed, yet such a mechanistic 
analysis carries with it the unin-
tended consequences of reinforcing 
a deterministic view point. 

One of the primary criticisms of 
the " revisionist" scholars is that 
the model they present is too 
simplistic. By conceding that the 
present direction and control of 

• higher education is monolithic and 
functioning smoothly, the model 
effectively fails to point out the 
very "cracks" in the system that 
invite change. 

The fact of the matter is that 
there are many weak spots in the 
educational system, both large and 
small, even when viewed from the 
" revisionist" perspective. 

The top-down planning of higher 
educational systems Is by no 
means as coordinated or func-
tionalist as the "revisionists" lead 
us to believe. Even at this stage, 
capitalism is still a largely chaotic 
system, and long-term Integration 
among its various institutions is 
not complete by any means. 
Evidence of lack of planning would 
certainly include the poor syn-
chronization between higher 
education and the national 
economy. The educational level 01. 
the U S has advanced beyond that 
necessary to keep up with the skill 
requirements of jobs, and, 
although capitalism requires a 
pool of unemployed to keep wages 
down and discipline high, vast· 
numbers of college graduates 
cannot find work. This disen-
chanted and cynical new addition 
to the ranks of un- and under-
employed certainly represent a 
poor fit in the system. Coordination 
of all elements of the "academic 
cOITununity" even at the level of a 
single school is presuming much, 
for each position within the 
hierarchy represents different 
interests and each emerges aa a 
potential pressure group with its 
own distinct needs and demandS. 

The functionalist model also 
assumes that individuals have 
been, are and will continue to be 
paSSive ;ecipients 01. the "social 
order." The history of periodic 
student protest movements · and 
faculty strikes point to a different 
perspective, one of which ad-
mittedly limited struggles have 
been waged against an oppressive 
system, resulting in limited vic-
tones for the aggrieved. 

Also, student attitudes reflect a 
poor level of socialization. A 1m 
Gallup poll reveals that college 
students favor the dissolution of 
big corporations into sma ller ones 
by 55 percent to 39 percent; by a 

margin of 63 percent to 34 percent 
they.are in favor of the government 
placing stricter controls on 
business. While open to attacks, 
the tradition of "academic 
freedom" that the democratic 
ethos requires helps to make overt 
attempts at controlling dissent and 
criticism awkward. 

Although there may be 
disagreement on the left with 
respect to the educational system's 
strength and coherency, most 
radical critics concur that fun-
damental change in American 
education will come about only as 
an effect of a larger 
political/economic revolution. 
Schools are supposed to protect the 
democratic foundation of America, 
yet a very undemocratic class 
system exists. Even educational 
analysts such as Christopher 
Jencks, who is certainly no leftist 
radical, concede that decades of 
educational refonn have failed to 
substantially alter the distribution 
of wealth in our country. 

If a goal of educational change in 
the near future is to produce an 
educational system free of class, 
sex and race discrimination in 
learning and occupational out-
comes, then any " reforms" which 
fail to address the social and 
political underpinnings of our 
class-stratified society are bound 
to have limited results. 
Educational reforms by them-
selves cannot adequately 
challenge the forces which shape 
the institutions and the people 
inside them. 

• •••• 

The problem faced by radicals 
today is that none of the change 
strategies that exist is sufficiently 
developed and rooted in concrete 
American reality. They do not 
provide an adequate basis for 
deciding the priority of tasks or the 
relative importance of different 
professions and social locations. 
What is called for is a commitment 
to experimentation and new 
analyses based upon that ex-
perience. The differences between 
strategies will never be resolved 
by academic debate or prejudice. 

Some steps are being taken in 
that direction. One of the trends in 
the movement for educational and 
social change has been the growth 
of unions. In fact, a major index of 
the reaction of professionals and 
education workers to current 
conditions is the rise of trade 
unionization. 

Growing numbers of faculty 
members recognize the need for 
representation in collective 
bargaining . The Ladd-Lipset 
survey of 1975 asked, " If an 
election for a collective bargaining 
agent were to be held now at your 
institution, how would you vote?" 
Seventy~ne percent answered 
yes; 29 percent no. But there still 
seems to be a lag between real 
conditions . and faculty/pro-
fessional attitudes. When the 
Ladd-Lipset survey of 1975 asked 
university professors, "Has your 
own economic position as a 
member of the academic 
profession improved, worsened, or 
stayed roughly the same over the 
past five years? ", 17 percent 
responded that it had "improved 
markedly," 41 percent responded 
"improved moderately," 22 per-
cent "stayed the same," 16 percent 
" worsened somewhat" and only 5 
percent' 'worsened significantly." 

However, there is no guarantee 
that faculty unions will not follow 
the road of their bread-and-butter 
blue collar antecedents . The vast 
bulk of professional unions are 
formed out of economic self-
interest rather than issues of 
quality or freedom. SigJ}s of 
radical unionism are few and far 
between-development of such 
caucuses into a nationwide 
movement has only recently 
begun. 

Perhaps a more promising 
mechanism for change has been . 
the emergence of " radicals in the 
professions." Consisting both of 
radicals who become professionals 
and profeSSionals who become 
radicalized, such groups have 
spontaneously formed to deal with 
political struggle in their work· 

, • ri •• NI •• Oil'S 
place. including their academic 
discipline or field . 

Of course, to a certain degree, 
there have always been " radicals" 
in all walks of life. During the 
political outburs t of the 19,,'{)s many 
of them contributed analysis of 
their own fields which assisted in 
the formation of an overall leftist 
ana lysis. But these loners are now 
being joined by people who were 
on ly students during that period, 
and who are now accepting the 
responsibility of taking political 
action in areas of familiarity and 
significance. 

Almost all academic disciplines 
and professional groups now have 
some sort of radical contingent. 
There are 'radical physical 
scientists (Scientists and 
Engineers for Social and Political 
Acti.on), radical economists, 
psychologists--even radical 
geographers and librarians. In 
general, these groups acknowledge 
a rejection of the main-stream 
political process as a means for 
producing change. This leads them 
away from dependence on working 
only within existing non-radical 
organizations as lone individuals, 
and toward forming their own 
radical caucuses for collective 
work in these groups as well as 
pa rticipating in the formation of 
new groups organized around local 
issues and actions. These groups 
are tackling tasks which have 
great consequences for the radical 
movement as a whole. These are: 

-To organize politica I struggle 
against the prevailing con-
servative power structure of the 
profeSSion, discipline or institution 
in which they work. More and 
more, independent political unions 
are making radical demands for 
control of the work environment 
a nd egalitarian decision-making. 
This also serves as a self-
preservation measure, because it 
can help in the retention of radical 
activists who might otherwise be 
fired. Likewise, it helps in the 
recruitment and hiring of new 
people. 

-To reorient the direction of 
" professionalism." Most radicals 
consider the transformation of the 
practice and content of their fields 
as a critical task in creating a new 
society. Radicals believe that the 
emergence of highly-specialized 
and elitist professions have been a 
trait of capitalist development. 

(Unfortunately , it is a " trait" 
which has also surfaced in most 
socialist countries as well. In the 
Soviet Union it has been fostered 
by a " bureaucratic-military 
complex"; in China, at least, it is 
recognized as something to work 
against.) 

For one thing, the hierarchical 
division of labor which capitalism 
demands is greatly facilitated by 
teaching methods, curricula and 
entrance requirements which are 
designed to make professions 
inaccessible to all but a privileged 
minority. Also, the traditional 
socio-political criteria for selection 
and promotion of professionals 
strongly discourages deviations 
from orthodoxy. 

As for the fields themselves, 
radicals believe that the 
knowledge produced serves almoSt 
exclusively the elites who are in 
control of the nation's resources 
rather than the workers seeking 
control and finding it inaccessible. 
Radicals seek to "demystify" the 
professiOns and use the knowledge 
to directly meet human rather than 
corporate needs by linking 
themselves with popularly based 
people's organizations rather than 
those dominated by private or 
corporate interests. 

-To recruit more people into the 
movement. Many radical 
profeSSionals, especially teachers, 
have as one of their chief political 
assets an opportunity for Intensive 
communication with potential 
constituencies. By existing as 
living examples of a socialist 
alternative, providing these ~ 
perspectives in analysis and in 
practice, teachers can inspire 
cr ative thought and commitment 
in a way that no amount of 
propagand(l can - a fact which has 
nev 'r gone unnoticed by the forces 
of rep.res.~ion when threatened. 

-Dcvelopment of new political, 
social and economic analysis for 
the movcment. Intellectuals are in 
a unique position in that they have 
access to vast amounts of in· 
formation. They also carry a heavy 
burden of oblig1ttion to use their 
skills in the service of the people 
because the privilege of education, 
especially advanced education, is 
an opportunity denied to the 
majority of the people. 

Thus , pI'ofess ionals have a 
responsibility to perform research 
and analysis of their own 
disciplines and institutions as well 
as expose the lies of others. They 
can analyze actions according to 
their causes, motives and,·often, 
their hidden intentions. This sort of 
work is vital to clarifying issues so 
that a sound movement strategy 
can be refined. Groups such as 

Scicntisl~ and Engineers for Social 
and Political Action have already 
contributed radical analyses of the 
physical sciences, while the Union 
for Radical Political Economists 
docs the same for the national and 
international economic picture . 

Thcre has bcen little mention of 
contemporary radical student 
movements, mainly because they 
are virtually nonexistent. Yet 
there are indications that the 
pol itical vacuum left by 
disillusionment , redirection, or 
simple graduation of '60s student 
movement radicals is slowly being 
filled lJy new students. 

In Berkeley , the Educational 
Liberation Front , which had 
dissolved by the end of 1974, has 
been resurrected. The new ELF 
co ntinues upon the radical 
tradition of publishing critiques, 
organizing teach·ins and coor-
dinating study groups. Instead of 
"The War," students are rallying 
around both immedia te issues . 
such as cutbacks in financial aids 
and tuition hikes· and larger 
political issues such as CIA 
research on campus. 

And as conditions on college 
campuses become stricter, there is 
little reason to believe that student 
activism will not increase. 

••••• 

As we can see, the student ac-
tivism of the '60s has not passed 
without leaving a mark. Students 
and education workers have both 

11018 Barden • • • 

PagelS 

broadened the scope and refined 
the tactics of cducational change. 
Conccrtctl efforts at raising con-
sciousn ss an building unified 
resistance have spread far beyond 
the institutions themselves; all 
over the country librarians are 
teaching research methodology to 
citizens seeking data on corporate 
control in their communities, food 
co-ops are holding study g roups on 
agri bus iness and computer 
programmers' are donating their 
skills to devclop community access 
data banks for informational 
networking. 

The dominant conse rvative 
purposes and directions of many ., 
professions and academic 
disciplines are being challenged by 
dedicated women and men who are 
creating a newer and richer 
meaning to " radical" political 
work . 

For the most part, it seems that 
the general movement for social 
change is seeking to apply within 
the United States the same 
educational reforms affected by 
China and Cuba after their 
revolutions . Such things as 
rei eva nt studies, socially conscious 
professional work and non-
discriminatory admissions policies 
are part and parcel of a leftist 
" progra m." So is the notion that 
educational change must struggle 
alongside thc larger revolutionary 
movem ent before substantive 
changes can be made in particular 
institutions. 

In truth , the experiences of 
China and Cuba serve as in· 
spiration. It is also true that the 
problems encountered in these 
countries, especially the fear of 
incipicnt Party authoritarianism, 
are viewed with caution and 
concern. 

The task of building, effecting 
and maintaining a socialist system 
for the United States which will be 
both economically viable and 
socially progressive is a 
monumental challenge. One thing 
is certain; without an ongoing 
radicalization and transformation 
of education, we will never get 
there. With it, we stand a chance . 

... .. if you want knowledge, 
you must take 

part in the practice of 
changing reality. " 

MaoTse-tung 

make change come about, we have implied that we know what 
that change is to be and are committed to it. We are no longer, then, free 
to critically examine those changes which we seek to impose upon others. 

A far more successful strategy for the university is to realize and to 
state that we are one of many important institutions within the fabric of 
our society. We must interact in a positive and constructive fashion in 
" para university" systems in which we serve, along with others, in the 
bringing about of social change. Only when govenunent, industry, civic 
groups and the university combine their efforts can effective evolution be 
achieved. 

Recently, the federal government has seized upon medical schools to 
become the direct instruments of health care delivery in the United 
states. Because the federal government has put up large sums of money 
for the building and maintaining of medical schools, as well as for 
research efforts and the training of young physicians, it has now decided 
to dictate educational policy within those medical schools. This is a 
terrible mistake. When some of the important members of the legislative 
government have been asked why this was so, they replied, " We can get 
our hands on them." 

In reality, health care delivery is in the hands of practicing physicians, 
insurance companies, governmental agencies, city, state and federal 
hospitals-the myriad of individuals and collectives who in their entirety 
provide health care. Whether or not the government can " get their hands 
on them" is not the issue. 

In a parallel relation, universities alone cannot bring about more ef-
fective legal practice in the United States. But, they can serve as part of 
a much larger group that is concerned with this activity and that works 
with those indiviilual members of the Legislature, the Bar, the courts and 
other individuals in institutions concerned with justice and delivery of 
health care. 

And so it goes. Universities cannot change energy policy in the United 
States. Universities cannot alter the structure and function of our cities. 
Universities cannot bring us world order. 

However, the universities can and must create an environment for 
teaching and learning in which human beings will examine these 
problems, articulate cogent questions and offer their knowledge and 
insights, together with those of other inllividuals in other agencies, to 
bring about social change. 

All universities depend upon the largl!SS of private individuals or 
governmental agencies. How can such support be justified? In many 
ways, universities are subversive organizations. They probe, question , 
and doubt and challenge the soC'ipty wlt"'ln ."lIi Ilholtt to think and 
rethink their values, their ethics, their morals, their ideas, their Ideals 
and, above all, the nature of the universe and the rol of man with it. Our 
future rests , in great part, upon educated, creative ana ut:dicated in-
dividuals who grow and develop within the universit. . These aw) in-
dividuals, in turn, mu t recognize their debt to the oci ty which creates 
and maintains the university, and repay it man times over in the 
myriad of ways th ir direct rvic will maxlmiz the human potential 
of a ll of us. 

3 



• Page 11 

This, I suPrrtl , wou Id be a rather 
ambitiou.~ tit 'c f the last fivc words 
wcre any thin hut the title of this 
('olumn. 

Ec!uca tion, I have nlwtlys felt, is 
more than j' lst books ' 1\ ' lea rnin' 
how to diffe rentiate what when. It 
involves thl' integration of the 
whole perslln into the soc ia l. 
political and economic community 
which surrounds him and which he 
is expected to join upon 
graduation. 

At least, this is the crap I always 
give my father when I send him the 
annotated copy of my last quar-
ter's grades. Still , it (the above 
paragraph) is somewhat true. I've 
always felt that way. 

My education began sometime 
after my birth-about sixth grade, 
hy most estimates-and has con-
tinued to the present. My education 
didn 't always come from school. In 
fact , most of the best things I've 
learned were never covered in my 
textbooks. Maybe they aren't the 
best things 1 know, but they are 
certainly the most fun, 

The fol\owing paragraphs, then, 
are a sort of chronicle of my 
existence at this university, this 
hole. 

Freshman Blues 
I think it's safe to say that my 

last three years in high school in 
Blythe, Ca., did not entirely 
prepare me for life on the college 
campus. I was prepared for, say, 

~hoveling shit at the localfeed yard 
or for sorting tomatoes, but not for 
college. 

After working my last high 
school summer in Blythe, I took a 
vacation and got to UCSD late for 
orientation. The provost had just 
thanked the zombies assembled for 
their patience when I strolled 
through the door . 

J managed to grab one of the 
advisors crawling around and 
asked him what J should sign up 
for. 

" Arc you sma rt?" he asked me. 
" Yes," J replied smartly. 
"Then take the 2 sequence." 

Choose four from Column B. 
Mter th<lt, I got my room key 

from the fri endly people at Argo 
11 <1 11 anlllrft for home. Like a fool , 
I took the bait and came back the 
Sllnda~' before classes. 

In thost' h<ll('\'on days of idealism 
anll drive, it W~IS not Odd to find me 
('arrying 16 units and alt nding 
(' lasses on a regular hasis. 

Something J thought wrong from 
th!' \'e l'\' start was the assetiment of 
IInits fo'r dasscs. 

At the time I was taking 
('alculus, J was also taking Music 
lOA. ow, for this (,<l\culus class, 
students were required to C:o so 
lOu{'h work and th,lt was it. You do 
it or you nunk. Musil' lOA, on the 
other hand, requirl'd you to cut up 
a t<lpe of sound l'ffeets and put 
them together in some sort of 
srquen{'e. It was on this tape that 
thr studenL~' gradl's d pended. 

This scclOell patl'ntly unfair. 
What happened if a student put the 
rl'('ol'lling of the g<l rbage disposa l 
Ix'forc the jet plaOl' instead of after 
it? or ('ourSl'. any norma I person 

CIl~RTEHS 
SJ,VE UP TO 50% in '76 

EIJROPE fromS299* 
2·3-. -5-6 up to 24 wks. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
O,e, 91 5 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEAtS on long 
o',d .ummer flights so 
b-oo todoy for '76 
<fI- ",_" "_8 II .If. 

291-8141 

"'D~~~~,l! 
MJ""" VolI.y-Equ,lobIt a:dg 

1333 Camino d.llio South 
S,O .. CA 92108 

• Minimum rare which rile. d.· 
pendent on dot. & length of fli' • . 

..111 II • rlmlr aotlrlC Ind 1IIIIIh dIICIDII.I: 
DI,e.IIII', tar In HI _orlco.lal, Dull ,. 
.UC. 01 .1 Im ... 1I1 In .rll' rlldlft,: 
Ilclllll' II d."IIIIII: .... IlIlor" .IU. 
"Ira'i ID IUllra In H. 

would n<lturally give a lower grade 
to that student. But the TAr, 
weren' t your normal people; lhey 
had had years of lhis sluff and they 
('oul!l tell when you were trying to 
give them the soap. They were the 
on Iy ones who could lell. 

Both c\<lsses, though, were worth 
four uniL~ . 

This, I think, was the beginning 
of my disillusionment. 

At entrance to this university, 
this quagmire, my English com-
position scores had been put on the 
balance and was found wanting. I 
was directed to the I .it lOA office. 

This ilclmiss ion probably con-
firms all your hoary and unoriginal 
suspicions about the Triton Times. 
[t doesn't, really, because I passed-
-the first time. 

Sometime before Halloween 
l!l72, [ h<Jd gai ned some expertise 
in the art of waterbalooning. Sixth 
floor ArJ.(o was a perfect training 
ground. We were the und isputed 
kings of the h<J11. 

This was the subject of my firs t 
artide for the Triton Times. which 
appeared Halloween. Halloween 
night of that year will long remain 
one of my fondest memories of this 
university, this pile . 

!The next yea r, however, was 
the one that veterans of the ha lloon 
wa rs remember with tears in their 

l·~·es. A J-lillIoween doesn't go by 
hut old warriors dr ink a toast to 
Oct. 31, 1973, and the fight that beat 
all . ) 

By the end of my freshman 
~ (,il l' , f had become mu('h the 
pcrson J urn now. When I left for 
~UJ11mcr, lhe silver finish was just 
a Iittlc less shiny, the buihlings just 
,I littlc shorter , the studenl~ just a 
I ittlc less hright. 

Psychology 
It · was my intention wh n I ('n-

tl'red this university, this boJ.(, to 
~lUd~' psychology. J was not driven 

h~ any overwhelming passion. 
Ikll, [ didn't even fiJ(ure to make a 
few bu{'ks on the deal. I thought I 
liked psychology becausc [ had 
on('e t<lken a course in same at the 
junior l'olle!(e in Blythe (there for 
people who wanted to g t into 
Tomato Aclministration). 

The instructor in Blvthe had 
m,lIle psych pseem in·tcresting. 

This, I think, is what threw me. 
At the level of psychology at 

which I was during my first two 
years hcre, I found the subject 
OI wfully rlull. The professor for our 
r\OISS would ['cad some notes he hac! 
matle when he was a freshman, 
tht'n put 00 a movie about how to 
mil ke monkeys think their mothers 
were wirc cages, wra pped with 
telT~' doth, with a couple of tits 
Ihrown in for good measure. 

The book we used was , predic-
luhl y, Psycholo!(y Today (put out 
hy the puhlishers of Necrophagia 
Today). J can 't say much for the 
t(' xt, but the graphics were great-
('sped<llly the shoL~ of the neurotic 
monkeys. They were always /(ood 
for iI few lau ghs. 

This book a Iso came with a study 
guide. It's mv firm contention that 
,lilY book whi ch needs another hook 
1:1 h Ip you understand it simply 
isn't written very well. 

Yet <lnothel' feil ture of this 
linl\'\t'ss hook was this record that 
('<tlTle with it. You ('ould tear out 
Ihis record anll put it on your 
re(,ord (' hange r ,lIld get to hear 
Wh'lt it's likl' to 1)(' in the same 
1'00111 as a psychoti(' . Always good 
,It <I party . As I remember, it 
(OIH'('rns :1 young woma n who is 
( ondnl'l'll that h 'r doctor is either 
a lIJ(lnk('~ or a co ll ege ad-
ministrator-or both, I can'l recall 
exactly. 

Bio, the Great Crippler of Young 
Adults 

Two y(,ars hefor(' the milst, a 
. ~tll dl'lll :tt B('vl'lIr is ex pel'lc(\ to 

dl'l'I;IJ'(' a 1I1~ljor and minor, Well , I 
d,'(· I<lI'l'(\. 

i\ (' hoire of major had been 
h(llh{'rin ~ me for somp time. There 
was so II luch th:tt was dull it was 
h<.ll'll 10 choose. I finally opted for 

hiolog~' in a IIl'l'ision 1 J'(',I('hNI 
1)( '1 Wl'rn da neps in the Hevell e 
(',I fd('ria . 

Hin. I must say, is a fine suhject. 
II is by fal' thl' most intercsting 

~ llbil'(t I've ('ome acl'oss in my 
fll llr Yl'a rs hr re. 

M<llh is it rather csot('ric and 
selfish discipli nc ; psy{'h , for all its 
shortcomings, puts too much of an 
"rnph,lsis on hor in~ reading ; 

,o"io l og~' is dr prcssi ng; and 
hi stor ~' , wdl, t\W I'l"S no futu r(' in it. 

Monday, February Z3, 1176 

THE COMPL£~T 
Low 
Blows 
andCbeap 

by Edwlrel SiIllClM Shots 
Bio, on the other hand, IS real 

<l ml widC'-open fOl' devc!opment. 
Iksides, you !(et to go into labs and 
screw around with mice anc! such, 
injcding them with chemicals and 
playing around with the labware. 
.Jusllike the movies. 

My problem is that J don't care 
much f 01' memorization, anc! there 
<1 1'\' a lot of necessary facts to 
rl'ml'mbcr in hio, It's ~ shame; I 
101'(' thc crcative aspecL~ of it so 
IllUl'h. 

Politicks 
One thing I learned in my tenure 

hl'n' is that there a re an awful lot 
of people around who arc air 
solutely sure they have The 
Answer . These arc the same pcople 
who like to burble, " if you're not 
1l:llt of the problem, then you' re 
11<l rt of the solution." Excuse me, 1 
h,II'C tha t hackwarc! . ( ow, be 
truthful , how many of you 
noticed? ) 

UnfOl'lunately, people in politics, 
anrl ca uses in general, aren' l very 
aware of the ridic ulous postures 
they som etimes assume. They a re 
I'\'en less tolerant of a few good 
I<lu!(hs. 

Take, for instance, the case of 
lI l'rhe rt Marcuse . 

Mal'cusl' b a mos t learned ma n, 
I'm to ld . He is, of ou rse, profcssor 
"mrritus of philosophy at this 
unh'e rs ity, this outrage. 

I '; \'e r~' now and I hen, when an 
illll'rnational issue inflames some 
(If III(' IdtisL~ on rampus, a teach-in 
101 \;Iughahl(' term ) is hclel with 
M<l rl' usc Hnll mayhe a nother 
Idlist. It 's usua llY' h Id in the 
Hcv(' \I( ' Cafeteria, the site of the 
llorst (' u linary atrocities to assault 
111 ;111. 

fI Ma r CUSl' tl'a 'h-in is a ~rand 
1'\'I' nl. Thl' old, comfort<l hle 
'twi; t\ ists semi thei l' turtlenccks 
;1111 1 sports coats to Ihe cleaners 
<llId hu~' smelly ciga rettes in 
hn'athless anti ci pa tion. The young 

~()da IisL<; sil ('I'oss-Iq(ged on the 
nonr anrl practice thouj(htful nods 
III IlI'l'p' lration for the evening of 
'·lIlightenmcnt. 

Thr n ight of the tea(,h-in is ad-
\'l'rtise d arou nd ca mpus on 
8 If.! " xl 1 " sheets of paper. Usually, 
though not alwHYs, th(' Utl eof the 

program has a colon in it and the 
pos ter usually has an upraised 
d ' nched fist. 

On the ni~ht of the event, you can 
rxpect to find someone in the 
l'Hfeteria foyer· behind a large table 
fille r! with socialist literature. If 

~'ou 're unlucky enough to have to 
st:1I1<1 in line for awhile to get in, 

~ ou may be accosted by a 
sall' sman for the Militant. 
1 A(' tually , at a qU,lrter a throw, the 
Mil ita nt 's not a had deal--
('specially if you h:lve to stand in a 
lin . Il' s a sure bet there's 
soml'thing aOOut your race inside. ) 

There's something funny about 
all of this. AmI when Marcuse gets 
up to speak in his almost im-
pl' netr<lblc a ccent , that's funny 
too. It's not because it's Marcuse 
and it's not hecause he 's a leftd . 
It's funny only because it is and 
( ' \ ' e r~'one is so deadly serious about 
it. 

AmI when the Young Americans 
for Freedom stage their lettuce-in 
and ea t the non-union variety on 
thl' Revelle plaza, that's a knee-
slapper too. 

Roth the leftists and the rightisl~ 
l'nd thl'ir resp d ive al'livitics firm 
in the belief that much has been 
a('l·ompl ishe( l. 

It is my belief th<l t politica l 
ga tlll'rings would he a lot more 
hom'st and productive if they 
hOllght a keg of bee l' <I nri had a 

p;\I'l~', like Sat urday night with the 
nonfil'l' Boys. Thl'Y can sp('nd thc 
night slap[)i nj.( (,:I('h othcr 's hacks. 

Administraliull 
If vo u haven't Ira rned alreadv, ~ ou' ll soon ka rn whil you'r(' he;'c 

that th(' II dministnltion is a gre;l l 
~ollr{'(' of gu ffaws. 

For instance, ( once wrote a 
('olli mn ahout Hevl'lle orienta tion. 
I rem('mher makin g up some 
ahsul'l f fi gurcs j ll.~t to fit th C" facL~ 
i li to Ill\' thes is. (I've never let the 
f;I\'ls ~ta nd in the way of higher 
11·lI th . I 

An~' way, the Revelle dean's 
Sl'crl'ulry-not the dean-railed me 
lip, higli\y incensed at my column. ' 
She askrd me whe re I got the 
figures. 1 told her I h.'Hi made them 
lip. T~(' admission , I think, put her 

Continued on Page 20 

MODday, FebniaryZ3, 1I'J1 • rl.OIl •• nll~ 

A ONE-HUNDRED-ANO-ONE HOUR 
SCIENCE FICTION FILM MARATHO 

DATr 

February 21 

February 28 

February 29 

March 1 

Ma,ch 2 

6 March 3 

7 March 4 

8 March 5 

9 March 6 

FEBRUARY 27 -MARCH 14 
presented by 

The UCSD Science Fiction and Fantasy Society 

DAY 

Friday 

Sa turday 

Sunday 

Monda,; 

Tuesday 

Wednesday 

Thursday 

Friday 

Saturday 

TIM E AND ROOM FILMS 

3 O().7·OO p.m. CR.ll0. Jrd college Them. Twelve 10 the Moon, Spaceways. 
, ()().6·OO p.m US8 2722 

t 0()'6 ·OOp .m USB 2722 

7 OO p m.·t OO a.m. USB 2722 

7 OOp m ·12:3Oa.m.USB 2722 

The Mystertans· CylJorg 2087 . Destmal,on Moon, Buck Rogers 
Ser.al. 
rrllih Vs FIYlnq SaucN'"s. 40Man. VISit to a small Planet . Buck 
Roor,,, Serial 

FW,I Moo III l /1r Mnon. Irwadcrs from Mars Invasion of Ihf' 
A .... lros Fla"ih Gordon Snoal Burk Roqen Senal 

" COfl[jltCfNI Itl(l Worlc1 Journey to the 7th Planet: MaSler 01 
1Il(l World FI.,c;h Goulon SC"rlal 

7 OO p.m.·t :OO a.m. CR·l07. 3,d cOllege M,ss,le 10 lhe Moon. Moon Zero Too 
AOC'IPfC; SPtlal. flash Gordon Sf\oal 

7 OO p.m.·t:OO a.m. USB 2722 Rockel 10 the Moon. ThinQS 10 Come . 20 Million Miles to Earl h . 
TIlf' Rockel M;m Buck Aogprs Seria l . Flash Gordon Senal 

3'00 p.m.-7:00 p.m. CR·" O. 3rt! cOllege Thl'V r.ame From BeyoM The Terronau( s: Buck Roqer. Serta!. 

"00 p.m.-6:00 p.m. USB 2122 
FI~c;h GOldon SOflal 

II Came From Oul I Space. War of the Planets ; Space Patrol; 
Blick Roq~rs Si'lial. Flash Gore-Ion Serial 

MANDEVILLE AUDITORIUM MAJOR FEATURES 
Session 11, Sun . Mar. 7 Complete showings at 7& 10 pm: 
FLASH GORDON-'36///FLESH GORDON176 

PLUS A Trip to the Moon and An Astronomer's Dream 

Session 1 2, Monday March 8 7:00 pm-1 :00 am: 
WHEN WORLDS COLLIDE; FANTASTIC VOYAGE 

WAR OF THE WORLDS 

SESSION DATE 
10 March 7 

' 2 March 8 

13 March 9 

t4 March 10 

' 5 MarCh 11 

16 Ma rch t2 

'7 March t3 

18 March 14 

March 14 

PLUS Flash Gordon and Buck Rogers serials 

DAY 

Sunday 

Monday 

Tuesday 

Wednesday 

Thursday 

FridBY 

Salu,day 

Sunday 

Sunday 

TIM E AND ROOM FI LMS 

1 00 p m.·6:00 p.m. USB 2722 M;", Allacks The World . Purple Dealh. Rod Fla.l, COnQuCfS 
Inl!lll ly: Rorkpi Ship . Buck Roqers Senal : Flash Gordon 
Scnrll'l 

7 OO p.m.·' :OOa m. M. ndevl neAud . When Worlds CoUlde: Fanlasl ic Voyage: War ollhe Worlds; 
FlaSh Gordon SerialS: Buck Rogers Serials. 

700 p.m .·12:30 a.m . USB 2722 r"d Araln Flom OutCl' SpCY'e. t AlmAt the Stars . X· From Quiet 
SI.acf'. Blick ROQCf c) Serial Flash Gordon Serials . 

7 00 P m .-1 :OOa.m. CR·1Q7. ltd college MI c;Slon Slafdust. The MOnitors. Moon Pilot. Buck Rogers 
Serial. Flash GordOn Serials 

700p.m.-' :OO •. m. US8 2722 ptall 9 From Ouler Space: Planel on the Prowl. Rtders to the 
St.-uS, The Space E ICplou", <;; Flash Go rdon SCllals 

J 00 p.m .. 7·OO p.m. CR· 110. 3rd college n", WlIard 01 Ma.s. Voyaqe 10 Ihe End 01 Ihe Umv .... se. Flash 
Goulnn Senals 

, 00 pm ·6:00 p.m. USB 2722 

, 00 p m.·6:00 p.m. USB 2722 

700 p.m.· t:OO. ,m. US82722 

PtI'nn(~hIO In OUI('r Spa , EyP"li In Oulet' Space, RObInson 
Cltl~ on Mars. Man ann the Moon. Man III Space. Mars and 
Bf·yomL Flash Gordon SerIals 

Th,. Time Machine . Ttli' TIme Tr;)V(lIf'foe; OunenSlon 5. Flash 
Gordon Serials 

IlIuslraled Man: Barbarella; The Powe< ; Flasn Gor""n Serials. 

TICKET PURCHASE PLANS AVAILABLE 
1. Complete Marathon · $8.00 - Sessions 1· 19. 
11. First Half 01 Marathon · $4.00 · Sessions 1·9. 
111. Last Hall of Marathon · $".00 · Sessions 10 ' and 12· 19. 
'I . At the door · $1.00 ea. • 

Tickets sold at Student Center Box Office, Telephone No: 452-4559 
Universi~y of California at San Diego 

Page 17 



Pale 18 

Shirk Inlervlew • • • 
truckdrivers t have the educational preparation and 
equipment to g{) n and participate in politics. 

TI': Which ar these two do you see as being the more im· 
portant, the need to learn in order to get a job or to be a well· 
rounded or edncated individual. Which is the legitimate role 
of the university? 

SS: Both. There area lot of faculty who only ~ncentrate on 
the latter, on becoming an educated person. And when 
students come and talk about grades or something like that 
they say," why it's so terrible what a grade grubber you are. 
Why are you only concerned about grades? You ought to be 
concerned about the joys of learning and how wonderful it 
is." And I think that that's very unrealistic. I think that the 
job of the teacher is to instill an intellectUal appreciation that 
learning can be fun and pleasurable and even joyous 
sometimes. While at the same time recognizing that students 
have a very legitimate rational concern with grades and 
their job futures . And we can't pretend that that's not a real 
~oncern. . 

TI: How should the University deal with public skepticism 
a bout the worth of higher education? 

ss: I think that skepticism is probably a good thing in a 
way because America has always had a very exaggerated 
faith in the power ol edl!cation to solve all our problems. As 
someone said: ' in other countries we'll start a revolution , in 
America we create a new course." So there is the idea that 
for every change, every social problem if we design a new 
curriculum, if we have a new admissions policy, if we start a 
new type of university, we are going to be able to solve-the 
problem. In fact, most of these problems are not tractable by 
educational means. Surely they affect what goes on. The fact 
that everyone is panicked about getting a job has got to affect 
life at the university. 

TI': The university is a sheltering mechanism for a lot of 
students, and has to> interpret the larger world to each one in 
some way . It is a membrane that each student works 
through. How should the university interpret current 
economic problems to the student? 

everybody is poo·pooing because it doesn't get you a job may 
be the very thing that will make your life bearable even 
though you don't have a job. 

11: If you've got an emergency, an economic emergency .. . 
SS: Right; but I'm aaying that there are very limited 

things a university can do about that. One thing the 
Wliversity can do is come up with the next technological leap 
which will bring about another boom. Where it will probably 
happen is at the university. We need something to bring 
about another economic boom. It is usually a technological 
advance like the automobile. Maybe that will come out of the 
university. Or maybe the business cycles and the economic 
cycles have gotten so cosUy in human terms - as well as the 
cost of absorbing all this unemployment that people have to 
pay - that there will be a complete reshaping of the 
economic system. Maybe universities ought to be teaching 
people about the costs involved in the economic system and 
the particular political approach to the economic system we 
have. But I don't know anybody who has surefire ways to 
change this. 

11: How do you feel about teaching at a Wliversity that so 
heavily stresses the technical? 

SS: I really like it because, you see, .I'm from MIT and I 
think it is very good for the social sc iences. Building a 
university on a science base has a great spillover effect on 
the other departments, I think in a kind of rigor- A concern 
for research and an intellectual rigor which I felt atMIT and 
I feel on this campus. So from my point of v iew I really like 
that. 

11: We' re ta lking about the discipline or the technique of 
!earning, but what about the quality of the lea rning ? You 
stressed the importance of the humanities in times of crisis 
and now what about the quality of the humanities and what 
about the quality of the spiritual support that UCSD offers? 

SS: I have heard nothing but good things about the 
ht:manities and social science departments here. There is 
always room for improvement in our teaching, but I don't 
have any sense that UCSU is doing a poor job of teaching. In a 
lot of those courses, the quality of the course- you can do 
only so much with 100 kids in the room, and the faculty has 
very little control over that. 

11: Some administrators have the attitude that there is 
some inherent advantage to the sciences, to having those 
disciplines inculcated in the student. 

SS: Well that's what UCSD is all about. If you don't want 
to do that, then you really shouldn't come here, I don't think. 

11: Yes, but is that what the llllivenity is about? 
SS: No, but there are different types of universities. To 

have a rigorous, intellectually exciting curriculum based on 
strong science foundations seems to me as intellectually 
defensible as anything. Certainly the fact that you have four 
colleges with four different sorts of curricula a person can 
find almost anything they want here, except courses in 
cabinet making, 

MODday, February 23, 1971 

happen is that people who are primarily concerned about the 
sciencell should not have this arrogant view toward the social 
sciences and the humanities, but should appreciate what • 
those fields can mean for them, and vice versa. I'm sorry to 
sound so traditional, but that is really what the liberal arts is 
supposed to be about. 
TT: Are we getting it here at Ua;D? _ 
SS: Now, you see, a lot of people don't like being forced 

into distribution requirements and that's really what 
distribution requirements are all about. 

'I'T: What obligation does the univerity have to direct the 
student into a career? 

SS: I think it's really dangerous for a university to try and 
make decisions for the student. For example, it would be 
perfectly logical, given the competition to get into medical 
school, for Ua;D to admit its premed majors, only those 
students with a high probability of being admitted into 
medical school. Right? So what they'll do is give some 
standardized test or something and absolutely screen out 
those people they feel won't make it in the tough competition 
to get into medical school. I feel like that's making the 
decision for a person too early. WIly not give someone a 
chance to get in there and work ha~d because all she 
wants to do is be a doctor dnd that is her life goal and 
shouldn't she have a chance here at UCSD to try and prepare 
herse lf for that competition? rne danger is that you have all 
these people going in a kind of pre-professional school 
direction. If they don't get- in, what do they do then? That's 
why I think it's important that we force people to take 
courses in other areas. Because you may come up against a 
dead end. 

TT: But we still hav(, thi~ preprofessional reputation at 
UCSD. 

SS: That's something that we do well. 
T"f : Is itthe right thing? 
SS: Yes, obviously it's the right thing to do. The question 

is, is it fair to the people who wanfto do that, they go that 
route and then they don't make it in the competition? 

ss: I think one thing for sure you do is teach, give students 
resources which will enable them to live with a lot of 
economic uncertainty and job insecurity. And ~ happen to 
think that means something not to different from what the old 
fashioned liberal arts are. Something to live for, something to 
tide you over the rough times. Teaching should show you how 
to get life satisfaction out of other things, how to use your 
time in unemployment in ways which you find satisfying, 
which give you some sense of self·worth and in ways which 
may even make a social contribution. If the economy is such 
that people like engineers will have to undergo long 
periods-six months, year long periods- between big 
projects when they are not employed we have unemployment 
insurance to support them through that, but - what sort of 
spiritual, although I hate to use that word, or cultural sup· 
ports are we giving people to tide thruugh those kinds of 
times? I think the university ought to be more self-conscious 
about that. I don't think anybody is even thinking about that. 
We're still back talking about using leisure time assuming 
that everybody will be employed all the time. But a lot of the 
same principles for good use of leisure time WOuld also hold 
for a good use of unemployment time. I even dream that it 
might be possible for people to use that time to get together 
and working on inventions, research projects. Engineers in 
the factories-or in the enterprise-who have been laid off 
Decause there is no big new space money coming through, 
who might sit around together and say " Well look, we have 
all these skills and we' re getting paid unemployment , what 
are we going to do with our time, just sit around by ourselves 
and be miserable·!" Maybe U the university has given them 
the resources to think about other problems as well, they 
might be able to do some really interesting things during 
those times. That's kind of a dream but at the very least 
people could use that time to think, to read, to teach one 
another, who knows? 

I don't know, I just feeltheeconomic situation now bas 
really demoralized everybody on the university. It is very 
demoralizing for the faculty too. So I think we have to do 88 
much as we call'to help our students to get the sartof job they 
want. In other words, we have to help them compete with 
people from other universities. That 's only fair, that's right. 
On the other hand we have to expose them to the broad range 
of possibilities of lifestyles, of jobs, of things like that. 
Probably we don't do well enough at that. On the other hand 
most of those things people are going to find out regardless of 
whether the university holds little meetings at night to tell 
you about alternative professions. And then the other thing 
that we can do- and I suppose that this Is really the only 
thing that we can do well and maybe we ought to spend more 
time worrying about it because I think we are very con· 
strained in what we can accomplish-what we can do is keep 
alive through all this adversity the'idea that intellectual work 

There is always a certain amount of arrogance on the is something to respect and that it can be fun-to give people 
part of the real scientist toward the social scientist. I did feel the sense of the intellectual and artistic and scientific 
this especially at MIT where 'we do real science and you do universe . Some people would say that all these economic 
pseudoscience:'Now, Ithinksomeofthatislegitimate, Butl changes makes this role of the university obsolete, But I 
must say on this campus I do not feel that that has really been would say that the university faculty is the only group to keep 
a debilitating thing for the social sciences or the humanities. this idea alive. It seems to me, talking to students, that there 
Some of the social science and the humanities departments are a lot of students who really want that, and that's why they 
are absolutely superb. come to a university. They are smart enough to know that a 

11: You mentioned that there is a certain advantage to bachelors degree in literature isn't going to get them 
"real science." anything much in terms of a job, but they still want to invest 

SS: Well, real science versus pseud(Hlcience : I mean four years of their time into learning, so why not? And I think 
there are ways in which the natural sciences approximate that ' s the one thing we can do and we ought to be working at 
the ideal of science in terms of method and proof and the doing that better. . 
logic of discovery more than the social sciences do. But that TI': How well equipped do you think the Wliversity is to 
shouldn' t be the only criterion of worth. The fact that the absorb or to surVive radical cultural change of the sort that 
social sciences are messy and values get in the way and you some futurists expect in the next decades: major in· 
have to go down and get your nose dirty in city hall or out in ternational upheaval, famine, COllapse of the economy? . 
community organization storefronts or in villages is of SS: I don't think it Is particularly well equipped to survive 
course the exciting thing about social science. It's the any of that, any more than any other social institution. 

~cicnce of human enterprise. TI': Is it durable Just as an lnstitutlon Itself? 
If you are talking about the logic of inquiry a nd proof and SS: It's pretty durable. You've got to admit that certain 

TI: Where is the balance between strictly job training and 
this spiritual sort of training that you are talking about? 

evidence and how you use your data, there is something to be things do hang on. The fact tlBt you even teach Uterature at 
said for real science. It is easier to do that in the laboratory all in American universities is a great tribute · to the 
with experimental methods than it is in social reality, ' durability of the university. Because look at aU the forces 

SS: I think the university has to do both. the stuff that that's for sure. I think ideally what should · working against It. 
,.------........ - ..... IIII __ ... 'I"H ................. _ 11l1tIIt 

TENNIS ~ RACQUE!.~~I~L 
RACQUETBALL 
RACQUETS Price 

S ... 
Pric. I good Ihru F.b .... ry28Ih 

Eklelon XL 40 .95 35.41 
Wisp 34 .50 2963 
Beau Mark 33 .50 28.90 TENNIS 
St randemo 31 95 27 .46 RACQUETS 
Rogue 29 50 25.29 Head Comp II 

' leather grips •• Ira Head Pro t----.---------I Head Master 
CLOTHINC, 
Wil son Sh l rt , 
W,lson Sh rt a 
All Oleq C IS nl 
All Head 
All Hampl1n Court 

Reg . Sal. 
Price Price 
21 95 1195 
1595 795 

20 °-0 OFF 
20·, OFF 

JOo. OFF 

SHOES 
Tre lorns 

F,scher MM 11 
YonelC 
Dun lop Fort 
Slazcnger 
DaVIS ClaSSIC 
DaYls Im perial 
Wilson KralT'er 
Wilson BJK 
W,18QIl Evert 

Adldas Sml lh·Halilet 
Bala Bullet s 

Reg . Price 
21 95 
2595 
t o 95 
1995 
17 .95 
28 95 
2195 
2595 
15 95 

Ad ldas Love Sel 
Converse 
Head 
Bala Power 
Ad,da . Monle Carlo 
Bala Polymalch 

Cl";"PL. ~#'A J 5' l ' ,Ill 
...." .- ~ ~ .,) .l ~'- ., 

[lICro •• from Fidei'. Mexican R •• turantJ 
742 Genevieve St, Solena aellCh 715&-7232 
M W F 12-11 

Reg . Sal. 
Price Price 
69.95 55 .96 
4995 4496 
39 95 35 .96 
5995 3950 
42 95 38 .66 
33 95 23 95 
30 95 21 95 
46953195 
2695 1995 
31 95 22 95 
31 95 22.95 
31 95 22 95 

Sa" Prlc. 
1866 
2206 
9 .30 

1696 
1436 
2316 
19.76 
22.06 
" .36 

T Th Slit 10-8 10·. oll.lw.ya with IIuclenll .O. 
.. _---------_ ... ''''''_1 ______ -_. 

I .• .. 

The StimuiaeCondom. 
Delicately ribbed to help you let go. 

.-.--.. ... 
... --.. . 

......... -- ... ~ 

...... ---. ................ 
.............. tII ... . _ _ ... .... 

" .. -_ .... "" 
....... ..... -... ~ 

... --.. ... 
...... "" .. ... -... ~ 

... -..... .. II' .... . .... " 
..... -....... '" 

-:, ......... " 
... -....... ... 

Now you C8IlIWCb a JewI 01-.1 pJa.ure 
thai only 1IIOOth8 ..., _ uaMard of. A CIIII-
<10m delicately rtbbad \0 11ft patle, 
urwlnI_tlooa. Yet, with albape ad 

IbI~ tballet • _ .... aImoet lib be'. 
weaI1l18 oothlna al Ill. 

Made with a _ "nude'· latex that tnDlmlta 
body beat lnatant-my, Stlmula .. ~ 
sensitive. It', anatomically abapad to ~ 
10 the penis. And SIC·70. a .-bbla "dry" 
siUoonelubrtcant WOIb with aatun118CNt1oa1 
80 Stlmula's lClentillcally patten.l rtbe 
can ~ and careea effortlenly. 

Made by the _lIh tarw-t manufactunr of 
condolNl. a mI1lIon baWl .!ready t.an 8Oid1D 
Sweden and France. Orders IU'II ablpped In 
dllICN8t pac::bpa. Send for your umpIe today . 
r------------------, 
I St9m/ord HYMI,·n te. In" .• Dept 1:0·3 I 114 Manh.ttan SINtCt Slam/on!. COlin 06904 
I Pie .... M nd m.q Check Box I 
I 0 54 sampler o( 12 Slimuia I 0 54 ample r 013 • • c h 01 5 croUe condom I 0 S2S super SImpler 01 120 condom 
I Free calalOil dll!lCrlbln~ our cnl Ire new hoo 01 I . roUe COndOllll ..,nl wtth any order 
I 0 r.h l 0 c:..h 0 M 0 Enclooled 
I 1010 ... ____________ _ 
I 
I MM "------------------I O ly _________________ _ I S.8' • . Zlp ______ '--___ _ _ 

~------------------~ 
_ • • • • • • __ •••• __ •• _ • •• •• _. __ •• _ ._ ••• _. __ ••• J P II 

MiDday, Fellnaary!S, Ii'll 

lud.11011d8 a a • 
population. 

One "support group" that can challenge 
at least one of these barriers, and that has 
proved an effective mea.. of helping 
students deal with It, is the Women's Center. 

••• 
It's an informal place. Nothing frantic 

about it. And that's part of the appeal, ac· 
cording to Karon Haigh, a work·study staff 
member at the center. 

"There's no hurry. We do more listening 
than talking." 

She said she senses many women at UCSD 
are frust rated or emotionally troubled, " but 
some people aren't even aware why - they 
haven't been able to pinpointthe source. 

"And some women conclude the way they 
are treated is personally directed toward 
them," she said. " They don 't realize there is 
a system set up with rules that effect a 
number of specialized groups." 

What happens? 
" People go crazy, or dropout, orsay, ' I'm 

rea lly messed up ', when it 's really 
something the system does to them. " 

Haigh says there are bound to be 
emotional conflicts when women " let other 
people define them : wha t they wear, how 
they act - even their sexuality." 

The admi nistration, she feels, is designed 
to " keep students happy and under control, 
but not to understand their problems." 

The Women 's Center has " the potential 
for·one-to·one, for helping people deal with 
different kinds of problems." 

She is concerned about stereotypes of the 
center, that the women there are " a group of 
elitists." Many don't know the center exist~. 

The center, and many other organizations 
on campus, are often viewed as solely 
politica l entities, a limited notion that 
frus trates groups that are also interested in 
helping students get through the UCSD 
e xpe rien ce unscarred . 

••• 
The Student Center, built from the $6·per· 

quarter student center fee undergraduates 
pay, opened for business during the last 
school year. It has become a n effective 
cente r for work in s tudent organizations a nd 
fo r activism. Some feel both have increased 
since its construction. 

In fact, a present source of controversy on 
campus is the proposed Board of Authority 
which would give students power to mak~ 
decisions about the operation of the center. 

Mark Bookman is the director of the 
center, acting - among several other duties 
•. as advisor to UCSD's student 
organiza tions. 

Extracurricular activities are, by their 
very nature, voluntary. They represent 
work students do because they want to. 

fn many instances, students are more 
involved extracurricularly than they are 
with their classes. This kind of involvement 
ca n be both theraputic and traumatic. 
People reach highs and lows in these 
capacities they may not reach elsewhere 
while at college. 

Bookman has to encourage and dissuade, 
often in the same breath. He's got the rules 
on one hand and unbounded enthusiasm on 
the other. 

How does he a pproach this responsibility ? 
" f spend la rge amounts of time helping 

students think through an issue. It's a 
growth process for me and the students and 
it helps them keep their heads together.' 

"For the academtc commWlity to be a 
success, there has to be an articulate 
student community. Here, we help them find 
and use the resources available," he ~ys. 

Bookman's not a psychologist. But he 
can't avoid counseling encounters with 
students, and handles them much the same 
way psychologist Munoz does. 

" f try not to answer questions, but to listen 
and suggest. Although I'd never try to 
diag nose a significant psychological 
problem, I think I can recognize one when I 
see it, and do what's necessary. 

"Usually, it comes down to someone 
needing a friend," he said. 

Bookman also believes in using the 
va rious aid components rA the University. 

He handles cases of depression by" being 
awa re of the whole student - not just the 
part wOrkint; with CaIPIRG, for instance. If 
you know the pressures In home life and of 
studies, you then may know the root causes 
of problems . 

"There is usually some root cause, some 
low level series of problems that leads to 
depreSSion "he says . 

, ... . 

Beckley, when asked about extremes of 
emotion and reaction on campus, says he's 
surprised there haven't been more Instances 
of the most severe kind rA reactiolHUicide. 

A. student killed himBelf last month at 
MUIr, apparently after extended, 
melaphysical contemplation. Afterwards, 
there were several requests for more In-

• r •• OII •• nJ(~ Pagelt 
formation from the Triton Times - some 
wanted to know who the student was , others 
wanted to know what the note he left said. 
Everyone wondered why he did it. 

Beckley, expanding his 'pressure cooker' 
notion , feels the most recent suicide wasn 't 
typical in its motivation. 
. "Th~Y're usually caused by depressions, 

chstortlons. Few are analytical. " 
Beckley says that if pressure increases 

"there could be an increase in bizarre a~ 
tings-out of frus tratioris. Dishonesty or 
dropping out are just one level of effect - it 
can get worse." 

Bookman feels suicides occur at the 
" highest and lowest" levels of human ex. 
perience, and characterized the hig h-
powered intellectual environment of the 
university asone of the higher levels. " The 
ability to become more disenchanted," said 
Bookman, can lead to suicide. 

And at least one writer, in lamenting the 
" unruly behavior" of today's youth, a t· 
tributes suicide to the "moods of youth," 
which "are so rapid and unexplainable that 
one fears that at any moment suicidal im. 
pulses might arise and be acted upon." He 
further concludes there is a unique degree of 
fa scination wi th dea th held by the young. 

But David P . Phillips, an associate 
professor of sociology and ins tructor of this 
quarter's Sociology of Suicide, cautions 
against assuming causes for suicide in 
college or anywhere elst!. 

He says data on s uicide frequency are not 
certain, because, for instance, suicides ca n 
be disguised as accidents. 

And when your data is uncertain 
speCUlations as to cause are na turally o~ 
shakey ground . 

In fa ct , social scientists know as muc h 
about suicide today, he says, a s was known 

about "cholera and scurvy 100 years ago. 
The mechanisms simply aren't known." 

In his class, Phillips says, he tries to 
reassure students who may be concerned or 
mystified about the phenomenon . He em· 
phasizes the rarity of the act, and points to 
figures that do little to prove that suicides 
are more common on campus than in 
socie tyatlarge. 

(However, he says, figures for British 
universities show a decided increase and the 
difference grows with the quality of the 
school in question.) 

He feels conclusions about cases of suicide 
are usually simplistic. " It 's a very corn· 
plicated act. There can be an enormous 
number of motivations; it isn't correct to 
choose one that may seem more im· 
portant." 

What are determined to be causes may 

PollUClans • • 8 
county questions," Conde said. 

'only be precipitating factors, he em· 
phasized. " It could be a result of a 3()..year 
process that began at YOlJth." 

• •• 
It's a game of givens. Some people float 

through college, playing biology and flag 
football , with no larger emotional problems 
than an occasional gummed·up romance. 

Others - whether it is because of cultural, 
familial or peer pressures, or just because 
they take their gummed-up romances more 
seriously - don't make it through as well . 

Dean Beckley's conclusions were the most 
severe. Noting exceptions, he says, " They 
corne in, they leave lopsided, they stay 
lopsided. " 

And there is no reason to think the 
University or any of its parts can do 
anything about it , unless the problems are 
recognized by the individuals themse lves. 

"T~ University community is so intertwined in the social and intellectual community of 
San DIego that no one knows where tile UCSD community begins or ends," he continued. 

Johsnon, though enthus iastic abo.ut the role of UCSD in the community, wishes more 
faculty and students would become Involved in community a ffairs. " It would be my hope 
that people from UCSD take part in some of the activi ties of the La J olla Town Council for 
example," he said. ' 

Conde, who has a son at UCSD, is satisfied as a parent that the educational process here is 
adequate to handle the needs of young people. 

Both Conde and Johnson have heard few compla ints from their constituents a bout the 
quality of education or the role of the campus in community IUe. 
. Ho.wever, Conde says some c~nstituents have compl~ i ned about " the continuing 
Ina blhty to solve the problem WIth the TAs." Conde saId people are worried that their 
childrens' educa tion will be interrupted by strikes. 

Many of Conde's constituents feel the fault lies with faculty members who have been 
shirking their teaching duties. 

~onde and Johnson see little difference between UCSD and San Diego State, and don't 
t~nk there should be any major differences in function . In their eyes, San Diego State is 

. SImply larger, older and has more tradition. 

GREAT BOOK FINDS FOR 
SCIENTIFIC, MEDICAL, 

ENGINEERING AND 
TECHNICAL MINDS. 

SALE OF 
AUTHORITATIVE 
VOLUMES 
ORIGINALLY 
PUBLISHED 
TO $35 

lOW 
Y 

$1.99 
to $6.99 These and Many Other Fields 

o Chemistry 
o Mathematics 
o Physics 
o Engineering 
o Computers 
o Electronics 

Feb. 17 - March 1 
UCSD Bookstore 

H ur m-f ·4:45 

. Expand your 
medical! cientific 

library now. ave 
a much as 70%, 80% 
or even more. Many 

of the ale books 
are out of print 

and hard to find. All 
contain a wealth 

of au thoritative data 
both historical 

and contemporary, 

3 



Pap-

Prlmlry, _lIIlr, 
TaIChllll... . 

a "pi.I(E, nota process." 
For many students, the equation or educatiOll with a place 
tak~ on insidious proportions. It is reflected in the ~r­
minotogy of educators themselves. Futurist Bob Theobold 
describes the common school as a place where the student 
goes 'under penalty of law.' At the university, this law takes 
the form of cultural and economic sanction. Pino calls the 
schools 'jails.' Robert M. Hutchins, f0f"!ll~r dean or the.Ya~e 
Law School, supports the dismally conf101Og metaphor 10 his 
article 'Colleges are Obsolete, ' when he refers to the process 
of higher education as 'doing time.' . ' . 

There are two justifications for higher edUcatiOll in Its 
present fonn , says Hutchins, claimed . by the colleges 
themselves . One is the cultivation or the mtellect; two, the 
value of a college education in increasing the lifetime iJr 
come (to nearly double' that or a high school graduate's) . The 
first justification is a cliche to Hutchins. Colleges are for 
specialists only, he says : general intellect comes from ~he 
culture. To Hutchins, writing in 1965, the underly10g 
motivation for colleges perpetuating themselves is strictly 
economic. 

Even economic justification is no longer valid in.1976. ~ ~A 
from UCSD qualifies its bearer to compete for a Job waiting 
tables same as a degree from State or anywhere else: Susan 
Shirk: on page 3 of this issue, describes the reaction of higher 
education to a sick, confused economy. 

Now that the second of Hutchins' justifications is wearing 
thin educators are falling back on the pretense of the first, 
the ~ultivation of the intellect. But the general intellect still 
comes from culture. 

What the university means by intellect is research. This is 
intellect of the narrowest sort. The late William C. De Vane, 
longtime dean of Yale College, sa.ys,. 'The chief fo~ce ... 
making for the deterioration of te~ch1Og 1o. the ~olleges IS the 
excessive emphasis and premium which IS put upon 
research.' Many 'educators' feel that research is the raison 
d'etre ofthe university. 

College students are begiMing to feel ripped off: Fa~or~ 
va lues are neglected. It is bad enough th!it the unIversity IS 
losing many of its brightest students to mass culture : says 
rock poet Patti Smith in a recent Reader interview, 'College 
is dead. I have only one good recollection of the whole college 
scene, man. It was sitting around the jukebox, playing High-
way 61 Revisited.' At UCSD, the controversy l~st year over 
the alleged poor teaching of esteemed p.hysI~s P.rofessor 
Keith Brueckner is indicative of the growmg dlsatisfactlOn 
among undergraduates. Not only does the university, fail to 
extend equal resources to undergrads, it also fai~ to prov~de 
what James Conant calls 'equality of respect and whic.h 
students at every level in any discipline expect from their 
teachers. ' . 

It is pitiful to observe Colorado State Univ~rsity , which 
has been nationally recognized for the quahty of Its un-
dergraduate teaching and the grow~ng acad.e~ic excellence 
of its student body, cutting back Its admisslons because, 
according to one administrator, quoted in a Denver Post 
article, 'We spend too much of our money on undergraduate 
education to be able to qualify for federal grants. The federal 
money goes to the research schools.' 

Like UCSD. Fifth, out of all the universities in this country, 
on the list of federal grants. Perhaps this is a matter for 
pride. 

At least at MIT, also high on the list, administrato~s have 
admitted the incompatibility of re~earch a nd quahty un-
dergrad teaching. Research and teaching programs-and 
funding-are separate. 

How lucky we UCSD undergraduates are when we get a 
class we can use, a class that gives us information we can 
apply at home, before the final. Too often we find we have 
only learned in order to pass; we have only become bette~ at 
going to school. The one thing that undergraduate schoolmg 
surely prepares the student for is gradua te school. In the 
extreme case, the professional student must stay in school 
because it is all he knows. 

John William Gardner, in his book Excellence, says 'It 
takes more than an educated elite to run a complex, 
technological society.' College 'should not be regarded as the 
sole means of establishing one's human worth. If we make 
the confusing assumption that colle~e is the sole cra~l~ of 
human dignity, need we be surprised that every CitIzen 
demands to be rocked in that cradle.' 

On the big questions-there are too few answers co~ing 
from the university. We excel in the common technological 
pursuits while ignoring alternative sys~ems. Gardner says, 
'A society such as ours has no chOIce but to seek the 
dcvelopment of human potentialities at all levels.' 

The UCSD curriculum does not encourage this broad 
'aoge of options. ,Friedkin says that it is stri ctly a matter of 
'TIoney. 'If we had all the money in the world, we could 
provide a mcrry-go-round of education. You could just hop on 
and hop off.' 

~ut othpr probl ms are easie~ to deal wit~. The ~e~ot.iated 
curriculum could easily be Insllluted. M.,re mterdlsclphnary 
d grees. . 

n another article in this issue, Mark Stadler discusses 
st dent input on curriculum matters. How much do you think 
wt'Uget? 

Ron Barnes illustrates the disillusionment with schools in 
the following story: two first-graders, while walking to 
school, watch thc planes taking off from the loca l airport. 
Thc girls describ th ngines, range and payload of each 
craft . Upon arrival at the school doors, one mutters, ' now we 
have to go in and string those darn beads.' 

"Those ' da rn beads" ar the linear units of print and 
Carnegie units of lime under which we all learned and which 
constitute our cultural burden. 

The university must chang or die. There are rebels in thc 
wings, professional educators who have alread~ sta rted 
revamping the system from the bottom up. As Pmo says, 
'This is th d cade to MOVE.' 

1I110rl, JObS 
1974-7&, and the awardie is em-
ployed. . 

Philosophy: A slow Job market 
faced the 23 1974-7& UCSD 
graduates in philosophy. The 
number of UCSD graduates in this 
field has fluctuated in the 20s since 
1969-70. The three philosophy 
graduates sampled are employed 
as · an assistant professor, a law 
student and as a meinber of the US 
Navy. 

Physics: Physics majors were in 
demand last year and 25 from 
UCSD were brave enough to meet 
the challenge. The number or 
physics majors from UCSD has 
stayed near20 a year since 1967.Q1. 

All 19 of. the PhDs from last 
year 's physics department are 
employed. 

Psychology: Only 40 students 
graduated with a psychology 
major from UCSD last year, a drop 
or'40 percent from the 1973-74 total 
and 2.3 percent below the national 
figure for psych majors as com-
pared to class size. This perhaps 
reflects the poor job market in 197& 
for these graduates. 

Some jobs UCSD psych 
graduates presently hold : teacher, 
member or a publishing cor-
poration , shoe salesman, assistant 
manager in a department store, 
hospital clerk and an airline em-
ployee. 

Sociology: A job market where 
supply exceeds demand faced the 
9.3 percent of las! .year:s 
graduating class maJormg In 
sociology. The 95 graduates 
represented a drop of 14 from the 
previOUS year's total. Sociology 
has been the second most popular 
major at UCSD since 1971-72. 

Some UCSD sociology majors 
are acting as a bookstore saleman, 
teacher ' s aide, computer 
programmer, biologist , IRS 
representative and county advisor. 

Urban aad Rural Studies : The 
only UCSD U&RS graduate on 
whom information was received is 
presently working as a county park 
planner. UCSD has graduated 47 in 
the last three years in this field. 

Visual Arts: A poor market 
awaited 1975's UCSD visual arts 
major (34 in number). The nwnber 
of UCSD vis arts majors has risen 
in recent years. 

LOw Blow. • • • 
a little off-bala nce, because she 
said something like, " Well, we 'll 
sec what the dean thinks about it," 
ilnd ran~ off. I ha ven't heard from 
rither since. 

I lf vou'l\ notice, there on my 
lo!.!o, prominently displayed, is the 
likeness of Porky the Pig. Please, 
Ilon·t expcct to find research 
papers undcr him.) 

People are like this. Give 'em a 
title and they take a Liberty-
usua lIy yours. i ,ikc the time when I 
lived in Argo (more properly, 
,lIllong thc Argo) .. . 

It was just a typical college 
prank, you know, turning off a ll the 
ouL~itle lights in Argo. Just wanted 
(0 SCI' how dark it would ~et in~id e 
th(' well. Rut no! Some stolid-faced 
HA felt it was his bound duty to 
follow us around and sc rew the 
huills back in thei r sockets. 

MUl'be the trick is this: give a 
IlI ' rs~n iJ hi!.! enough title and then 
hl'ca n afford to he human . 

!'nosc Ends 
l.oose ('ntis, ha ! Where? 
In ol'll el' to show what I've 

li'nrnl'c! in this univcrsity , this 
(·('SSpoo1. I've decided to yield the 
floor to any and HII qucstion~ . ('II 

I~ ·!.!in with ' th<lt fellow there in the 
hilck ofth ' room. Yes"! 

I. . n, It '",d nothing to do with 
till' special isslle . I was just 
dl' [ll'essed. 

2. Two, just likl' eyel'y ho<l y elSl'. 
:\, S('ven an<l a ha lf. 
4. S{'ot 'h :10<1 so<la . 
5. (':I'l'1"I ('hance ( gel. 
ft . 0, aild I Ill'V I' will. 
1. I ain't hln'lin' for it. 
Thl' QUt'stions to thl'se and olh I' 

prl'ssing answer's wi ll hc preSt'ntl'l1 
ill :moUl('r isslll'. ]'111 willing In 
forgi\'(' just "bout al1~· thing, P;1111. 

Monday, February a, Ii'll 

POlmcl1 Unllarslty ••• 
university within this concept of academic freedom. 

In a very real sense, the university Is simply a reflection of the 
distribution of power in the outside socle$Y. In the. context of the present 
society, the classical liberal ideals of the university as ~utonomous an.d 
independent are completely subverted by the present notion of academiC 
freedom. , I 

Being autonomous means being able to make one s own va ~ 
judgements and OIle's own decisions. In the next deca~, the university IS 

going to have to make very specific commitments on all sorts of issUe:" It 
is going to have to make political and historical decisions as to wbat km~ 
of work ought to be done and what kinds of work should not be dOlle. If It 
doesn't make these judgements itself, it w~ inevitably .become an iJr 
strument or outside power. 1be demonstration here agaInSt Saxon and 
the CIA was the outcome of a conscious reallzatiOll on the part of a 
mingrity or UCSD students tbat the univer:sity must be~in .to become 
autonomous from the minions of the state. It IS not just a cOUlClCiel,lCe that 
a number of those students are being tried and investigated while the 
CIA's role in this university remains shrouded in silence. . : . 

But can we have a pure and sane university in an otherwISe crurunal 
and insane society? Obviously. to the people in Vietnam it did not mat~r 
where the Napalm was researched and made. And additionally, thIS 
corporate and state research is partially funded by the already over-
burdened American taxpayer and then be blessed with the impeccable 
lable of " university research." 

The university's power, then, has little to do with medieval. scholarly 
rituals and traditions. Its power ultimately re~ with th~ unpo.rtant 
functions it fulfills in advanced c~rate capitalism. Besides .be~,g a 
base of much scientific and technologIcal research and furnishing ex-
perts" with a proper education at no costs to the corporation, it also keeps 
millions of young people out of the expanding ranks of the ~loyt;d . 
Furthennore, it provides a haven for a token number of cnt~ca.l Ill-
tellectuals who are allowed to speak up as long as they remam mef-
feCtive . 'd hat there ' t 'ct In conclusion, it is important to reiterate.~ ~ ~ t IS n? s rl 
dichotomy between the university and the SOCIety m which It functions . If 
it is true-aoo I think that it is-tbat the universities instill in Its students 
attitudes or passivity, docility and submissiveness, It ~ only because the 
authoritarian structure of the society in which it functions needs people 
who are willing to carry out arbitrary and perfectly irrational demands 
over which they have no control. . 

In short it needs passive and respectable automatons to fill the needs 
of its big' business and governmental bureauc.racies, men. aM. wo~en 
whose consciousnesses are oblivious to the quality of the socIety In which 
it exists. 

And all this is the name of "value neutrality"! 

• • • 

this paper last week. Doh, it was a toughie! Had me in real trouble . It was 
whuppin' me bad. I was bleedin', in the corner, a.nd takin' leather. 

" But I was bobbin' and weavin' . Trying to hgure out my opponent. I 
kept movin', jabbin' , 'til I got my head clear. . 

" Then I saw .my opening. I went after that lJOnofabitch. ~o way co~l~ It 
lick me ! I swarmed all over itand finished the suc~er up. I Just hope It sa 
better paper than the other people in my ~lass t~m m. 

" Who needs athletics? I get aU the thrIll of VictOry and agony of defeat 
right here in hwnanities and genetics." 

The juxtaposition is rather interesting. SP?rts for sports sake and 
voluntary physical education next to a very different approach for the 
" IMPORT ANT" areas of education. 

The lessons and values taught by the two educational sectors at l.!.CSD 
are directly opposite from one another. 

What does it mean? I do not know. I just go to school here. 

Currlcull .•. 
ministration participation in 
the process : "The administration 
is involved in these changes as 
the force guiding proposals 
through proper channels." 

But it is not likely the ad-
ministration would "guide" any 
proposal it did not approve of. 

As with other student demands 
of the sixties, it appears the cry 
for increased student in-
volvement in curricular plarming 
has been answered with what 
could be described as diluted 
powers. As the situation at 
Revelle this year suggests, 
student recommendations can be 
modified or changed at any level 
during the compromise process 
of faculty approval. 

• 

Moaday, February %3, 1971 

FOR SAlE 
72 VW 7·passengor .an . dual air. shades. 
slereo lape . radio . H I D .alves excl. condition 
27().~411 eves & wkends (2/241 

Hogan pro golf bag excellenl cond 25 dollars 
Mlchaql 481 ·9832. (2/231 . 

Hitachi FM . 8-lrack slereo wllock mounl. 
OU IPUI more Ihan mosl. $130, new. Works 
perfeclly: 590. orbesl 0Iler:453-4927.(2/231 

Zenith compacl slereo : AM IFM siereo. 
lurnlable and speakers. EKce~enl condilion . 
$150 or 0051 oller 453-4921 .(2/231 
Skis lor sale Hexce1210 , K2·3 207. ROC GTX 
170. Harllree 190 K2 & unge boots 12/271 

Ludwig Double Bass Drum Sel. Good shape. 
with all hardware $700. John 276-1547 ,12/23) 

Skis lor sale. Nu K2s. 195cm $60. Used K2s 
200cm wllh Salomon Bindings $15. Call 
E.ening s 453-6454 Siel ,(2123) 

Vespa Ciao Moped for sale 10 good home 
on ly 4mo. old-eKce llenllransp . Call Eric 274· 
46941ale $325.(2 /23) 

Golden ReI. pups AKC champion lineage. 
S50-$100. Donald 565-9158.12/231 

1974 Toyola Cellca ST . aulomalic . 
radio fheater , tachometer , air conditioning, 
new lires . excellenl condillon. original 
owner . $3495. Call June . X3933 or eves 749-
0653 .(2/331 

housiNG 
FOR RENT . Own room in peacelul ocean 
beach house . Clean IIghl . yard. quiel· ldeal. 
All ulli llies Included , $100 Sle""n. 222-7 195. 
27()'1059. (2/27) 

Rm male wanled beaulilul dm Me own rm 
a.ailable Mar 1. F preferred call 452-2003 
days or 755-1334 eves (2/27) 

Female roommate wanted : Mellow drama 
and music s tudent seeks femak! student over 
21 10 share 2 bedfoom apl. In Pacific Beach. 
Own room In lurn lshed apl ; wilh healed pool . 
carpel. $90 a monlh plus Y, uUlllles. Susan 
27().4742 home 28').5828 work.(2/27) 

Own (large) room In 4 bdrm house 2ml lrom 
UCSD. $87 .50 + '/\ u!illlles, Available March 
1. 453·93n (2/23) 
Shared house 570 room plus ui llilies . 
Fireplace. laundry . garden. Nonsmoki ng . 
nonsexist . nonmaterialistic . no indoor pets . 
into openness. Independence, medltal ion , 
naluralloods . Clalrmonl. 292·4196 (2/25) 
FOR RENT. Own room In peacelul ocean 
beach house. Clean light . yard . quieHdeal . 
All ul illlies Included. SI OO, Sleven. 222-2003 
days or 755-1334 eves (21271 

• SERVICES 
Blues harp lessons for serious beginnets 
experienced and pallen I leacher call 272-
6532. (2/251 

-******************************-it TT~TION . i 
* JunIors * I ~d : 
* * * Seniors * 
* * 
* * 
* * * , . * ! Get a ! 
* * 
* * I FREE Diamond! I 
* * I When you purcha8e any 14K GOLD UCSD : 
I Cla88 Ring by Solon and Co. : 
* * 
* * i Your C1a88 Ring # 
I Repre8entative will be on Campus Wed., ! 
* Monday & Tue8day, lFeb. 23 & 24, 1976 * 
* * I to a8sist you with your Cla88 Ring order I 
* * 
* * I LtntvrRsiTY i 
I * I II ~) 10:00 am-3:00 pm 
I ,lk~_:-::--:: U' . B k ** ~~_ - nlvel'8lly 00 store i BOOK'STOR( * MATTHEWS CAMPUS I 
......................... ***** .. 

Cis 
TYPlng- Manlyn WOUld ijke 10 lype your 
paper . theSIS , bOOk . She IS8ltperienced , fast . 

reasona~e and has a correcling 18M. Please 
call her al 565-7060 (21251 

Walch P, Jewelr)' Repair . rings sized , Guar 
work by Lic jeweler . Sludenl prices 453· 1207 
13 /5) 

TRAVEl 
Overseas jobs· summer. permanen!. $500· 
$2500 monlhly. Auslralia. Asia. Europe. 
Alnca . Soulh America. All Ileids. In.aluable 
experiences , Details 25 cenls. Inll em· 
ployment researCh. BOK 3893A7 . Seatlle . 
Wash 9812~ (31 1) 

Ins tant telepholl8 confirmations on all 
round trip charters and tours to Europe 
($339) Hawaii ($169). New York ($169) . 
Onenl ($4371 . Mexico (S199) and Ihe Middle 
East Oneways available. Plus new, in-
dependent experimental lours . For 24 hour 
Information / reservations call collect 
Weslcoasl sludenl Ira.el counsel AYCO 
Cenler sui le 790 . 10050 Wilshire BI.d . LA 
90024 . (2131475.6865 . Book no laler lhan 65 
days bel ore departure .(3112) 

EUROPE . ISRAEL - Studenl lfighls year 
round . ISCA. 11687 San Vicen le Blvd .. r4 . 
LA , CA 90049. (2131826-5669 or 826-
0955 .(31121 
EUROPE . ISRAEL. Orlenl. NY, TGC Low 
cosl flighlS . 14:'> S. La Clenega B1. LA 
90035 .1714)735-9618 or 1213)652·2727 .(3112) 
EUROPE 8 TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS BOOK EARLY. CIEE· 
STUDENT TRAYEL SERVICES UCSD 
INTERNA T10NAL CENTER OPEN WEEK· 
DAYS 12·4pm. 452·0630 .(3"21 
CHARTER FLIGHTS TO EUROPE Save up 10 
50 percenl April · Dcl . 2. 3. 4. 5.6. wk lilies 
weekly . PLUS 7-24 week IIlghls o flen . BUT. 
limited space on long & summer flights . 
PI10ne your San Diego headquarters lor 
charters since 1961. no lower prices with 
safety (Hust accounts.) We are yo ur 
pro feSSional charter and trave l eJllpe..t s 
Phone 291 -8141 9-5 pm Draper World Tra.el 
(3/12) 

Ski Tahoe $35 3 days lodging & car lare 5 
days Ulah $11 0 lor everylhl~g . 1 2 /27) 

Ski where the snow IS. Crested Bulte COlO. 
Spring break with the ski club $149. Tickels 
Siudent Center OOX oltice. 

Continued on C-4 

8LU!~AI>E 

Cocktails Served 

Best 
mondorin 

Cuisine 

Dinne( Hours: 
mon-Thur 5-10 
Fri-Sat 5- 11 

10 % Discount with UCSD Student ID 

Ample Parking 
459-9842 
5771 La Jolla Blvd. 

'4J, 
Come to 
"Bare Traps · Country" 
for the negative-heel 
sandal for gals. 

Streicher's La Jolla 
Upstage shoesl2nd floor 

Debate on the E.R.A. 
(equal rights amendment) 

moderator: 
pro: 
con: 

Kirstie Wilde, of channel 10 KGTV 
Judy DiGennaro, attorney 
Rita Miller, stop LRA 

wed. Feb. 20, 8:uu-Y:3u 
in the Revelle Cafeteria 
UCSD Feminist Coalit ion 



-
. 

WHAT'S ON: 2/23 - 2/29 
\ 

Beginning with next week's WHA T'S ON, the deadline for all .material ~iIl 
be noon Thursday at the student center information desk. Please do not brlflg 
announcements (0 the Triton Times office -- it'll jUS( gum up the works. 

Monday 
12 noon - Lunch. Brown Bag series, "Exploring C.areers in the Health Sciences" guest 

speaker will discuss the field of Therapeutic Recreation, 412 MC. 
12 noon - Rally. " Rally Against Repression and UC/C.I .A. Complicity" 
12 noon - Art. Small exhibition of photographs by Roberta Breitmore, and transactions 

of past meetings, Mandeville Gallery . 
Noon - Special Luncheon Seminar, Joint Marine Biology and Research on Algae, 2145 

Ritter Hall, S10. Prof. Synnove Liaaen Jensen , Norwegian institute of Technology, 
Trondheim, Norway, "Comparative Chemistry of Marine Carotenoids." 

3:30 pm ~ Lecture, Space Research and the New Astrophysics , 4030A USB, Revelle. 
Prof. Alex Dressler, Rice Univ., "Jovian Magnetosphere." 

3:30 pm -810 Dept. Seminar, Sumner Aud., S10. Dr. Robert Warner, UC Santa Barbara, 
"Ecology of Sex Change in Coral Reef Fishes." 

4 pm - Eric Bentley Lecture, 1330 H&SS Bldg., Muir. Bentley, Regents' Lecturer, drama 
critic and playwright, will speak on " Documentary Theatre." 

4 pm - AMES Solid Mechanics and Structures Seminar, 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Prof. 
Jan D. Achenbach, Northwestern Univ., "Bifurcation of a Rapidly Propagating Crack." 

4 pm - Archive for New Poetry Series, Formal Lounge, Revelle Commons. Alice Notley, 
an editor and a poet within the new generation of "New York" poets, will read selections 
from her works. Free. 

4 pm - Statistics Seminar, 7421 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. Kent Wilson, "Statistical 
Problems in Air Pollution." 

4 pm - Lecture. "Documentary Theatre" speaker Eric Bentley FREE, H&SS 1330. 
5 pm - Meeting- "Mujer", invites all Chicanas and Latinas to attend their business 

meetings, Third World Studies Lounge Matthews Campus. 
6 pm - Meetings- U.J.S., Student Organizations Conference Room. 
6: 30 pm - Meeting- Co-Op, North Conference Room Student Center. 
7 pm - Radl~ KSDT presents " Rainbow Bar" this week- The Galthea Church of 

Brotherhood, discussing Nurds and Vi rginity, 540 AM on your dial. 
7:30 pm - Meeting. Advanced meeting for all Transcendental Meditators, sponsored by 

S.I.M.S. , Revelle Formal Lounge. 
8 pm - Meeting. Fourth College Program Boa rd, Matthews Campus Rec. Center. 
8 pm - Music. Chamber Music, performed by UCSD student musicians Mandeville 

Recital Hall, FREE 
9 pm - Film sponsored by the Monday Nite Films, a vintage classic, "Test Pilot. .. 5 & 

Dime, Lower Muir Commons Free. 

Tuesday 
9 - 4 pm - Job Interviews. The Gap Stores, Inc. seeking BA Liberal Arts/Social Sciences 

for Management Trainee. Appointments necessa ry. Career Planning & Placement, 412 
MC. 

s ~ pm - Job interViews. TRW Systems Group seeking BA, MA, PhD in Math, Computer 
Sciences, Engineering for opportunities in advanced spacecraft, electronics, propulsion 
systems, allied components. Appointments necessary. Career Planning & Placement, 412 
Me. 

n am - Seminar. Optical Signal Processing Seminar, topic: "Potential Applications of 
Integrated Optics" AP&M Room B301 

12 noon - Meeting. Mujer , political discussions. All Chicanas and Latinas welcome, 
Third World Studies Lounge. 

Noon - UCSD Staff Association General Meeting, Garren Aud., Med. School. "What's 
Happening on My Committee?" 

2 - 4 pm - Wprkshop. Un-Stressing the Job Seeking Process will identify and present 
ways for dealing with jolrhunting stressors. Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

2:30 pm - SoUd State Physics Seminar, 1106 H&SS Bldg., Muir. Dr. Mickey R. 
Sha 18barger, AMES Research Center, Moffitt Field, topic to be announced. 

3: JO pm - Lecture, Space Research and the New Astrophysics, 4030A USB, Revelle. Dr. 
R. Y/a /ker Fillius, " Jovian Magnetosphere." 

4 ;>ro - Chemical Pbysics Seminar, 2622 USB, Revelle. Prof. Aksel Bothner, Carnegie-
Melton Univ., "Nuclear Overhauser Effects and Saturation Transfer in the Investigation 
of feIXide Conformations." 

6?m - Sports. JV and V Basketball vs. USIU, Main Gym. 
6 )m - Meeting. tr ourlh College Outing Club, Matthews Rec. Center. 
7:30 pm - Play. " Mr. Biggs" a short serious play about a brother·sister team struggling 

to a~ cept reality, Free Student Cente r Lounge. 
7 30 pm - Lecture. "Artpolitics: thoughts aga inst the prevailing fantasies," Douglas 

Dads, Ma ndeville Ga nery 
7'30 pm - Seminar. Seminar on Christian Faith, All welcome University-Community 

Chuch, 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
7.30 pm - Lecture. Teachings of the ascended Masters, Mantra Yoga, The Human Aura, 

Meditation, Nature as Mother, Practical Spirituality, Psychology of Wholeness, and 
Alchemy, sponsored by Alpha Omega Alliance P a nd L Room 3515. 

7:30 pm - Seminar on Christian Faith, at Universi ty-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. All welcome. 

8 pm - Varsity Basketball, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. USIU Junior Varsity at 6:00 
pm. 

8 pm - Lynn Hershman Concert, Coffee Hut, ·Revelle. " Roberta Breitmore: An 
Alchemical Portrait." Free. Part of Three Performers Series. . , ~ 

8 pm - Atomic Cafe, Mandeville Recital Hall. New music for new instrume~ts . 
" Amours" by John Cage. Free. 

9 pm - Concert. Folksinger Bessie Jones will be making her only Muir College ap-
pearance tonight in the 5 & Dime. It 's free. Don't miss her. 

Wednesday 
9 - 4 pm - Job Interviews. Second day for TRW Systems Group, seeking BA, MA, PhD in 

Math, Computer Sciences, Engineering for advanced spacecraft, electronics, propulsion 
systems, allied components opportlmities. Appointments necessary, Career. Planning & 
Placement, 412 MC. 

12 noon - Lecture. Introductory Lecture on Transcendental Meditation Program, 
S.I .M .S., North Conference Room. . .... _ 

12 :30 pm - Meeting. What's happening with the Revelle Curriculum Review COmmittee, 
how ; when will the Revelle requirements be changed? Open discussion at ReveUe's 
Community Center. 

1 pm -Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
1 pm - Worksobp. Test Anxiety Workshop for students desiring to reduce test anxiety 

and become more effective test takers Revelle Provost Office. 
2 pm - Meeting. Women's Swap Meet, informal get-together and idea exchange also at 7 .. ~ 

pm, Women's Center. 
2 pm -Group. Interpersonal Relations Group, 302 M.C. East Wing. • 
2 pm - Special Seminar, 2102 Urey Hall, Revelle , Prof. Marvin Tanzer, Univ. of Conn., 

"Procollagen Biosynthesis: Genetic, Evolutionary and Structural Considerations. " ~ 
2 pm - AMES, Film Series 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle: " Domains and Hysteresis in \ 

Ferromagnetic Materials." 
2: 30 pm - Clinic. Sex Clinic for students seeking information or counseling about s!'xu~~ 

COlI'cerns, Revelle Counselors Office. 
3 pm - Meeting. R.C.C.A. Meeting, Revelle Provost Office. 
3 pm - Disabled Student Union meeting. Disabled Student Center (Next to the Revelle 

Cafeteria) . All interested students invited. 
3 pm - Meeting. Comm. Board Meeting, Upstairs Student Organizations. 
3 pm - Lynn Hershman Seminar, Mandeville Art Callery. Part of Three Performers 

Series. 
3: 30 pm - Phys ical Oceanograpby Seminar, IG PP Conf. Room, S10. Dr. Albert Semtner ..... 

UCLA, "Numerical Simulation of Mesoscale Eddies in Idealized Ocean Basins." 
4 pm - Marine Chemistry Seminar, 202 Scripps Bldg., S10. Stephen Weiner, Cal Tech, 

"Biochemistry of Organic Matrix of Mollusc Shells; Living and Fossil. " 
4 pm - Astrophysics-Space Pbysics Seminar, 1205 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Robert Kir· 

schner, Kitt Peak National Observatory, Tucson, "Supernovae." 
4 pm - Hlgb Energy Physics Seminar, 2250 AP&M Bldg., Muir. Dr. A.A. Ross Bonney, 

Mills College, "Does God Play Dice?" 
4 pm - Meeting. Revelle Residence Hall Board Meeting. Blake Conference Room. 
4 pm - Poetry. Ron Silliman, Revelle Informal Lounge . 
4 pm - Meeting. Feminist Coalition Meeting, Women's Center. 
4: 30 pm - CHnic. Ra p Session on Birth Control Methods Student Health Center. 
5 pm - Meeting. Fitness Club, Conference Room North Balcony Main Gym. 
6 pm - Meeting. OASIS, Game Conference Room Student Center. 
6 pm - Meeting. "The Triton Wargaming Society, 902 Tioga Hall. . . _ 
6:30 pm - Class in American Sign LaDguage. Open to all members of the university 

community as well as other interested persons. Disabled Student Center (Next to the 
Revelle Cafeteria . 

7:30 pm - Meeting. E.A.B., All people interested in getting involved in service andsocial / 
events welcome. Student Organization Conference Room. . I 

7: 30 pm - MeetiDg. Chinese Christian Fellowship Bible Study, Blake Conference Room. 
7: 30 pm-Meeting. T.F .C., Revelle Formal Lounge. I 
7: 30 pm - Meeting. Trident Christian Fellowship, Revelle Fonnal Lounge. , 
8 pm - Music. Song Cycle Festival, works by Ives, Barber, Frackenpohl, Pasti~ri, Free, 

Mandeville Recital Hall. 
8 pm - Debate. The Feminist CoalitiOi. will sponsor a debate on the "Equal Rights 

Amendment," moderator Kirste Wilde, KGTV, Revelle Cafeteria. 
8: 30 pm - Concert. Bessie Smith, reknowned blues singer, The Side Door, Revelle. 

Thursday 
12 noon - Seminar. Seminar: Wa i-Lim Yip, Poet, B-210 Mandeville. 
Noon - Lynn Hershman Concert, Plaza, Revelle . " Roberta Breitmore: An Alchemical 

Portrait. " Free. Part of Three Performers Series. \ 
12: 30 pm - Sumner Noon Series. Sumner Aud., SIO. Dr. William L. Whittemore, General 

Atomic and current president of the San Diego Archaeology Society, wi\l present a color.,. 
slide show on " Prehistoric Cave Paintings of France and Spain." 

I pm - Workshop. Test Anxiety workshop, Revelle Provost Office. 
I pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting. Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
2 pm - Meeting . Revelle Community Center Volunteer Program, Revelle Community 

Center. 

2 pm - Worbbop. Creativity Workshop for students wanting either to enhance or un-
block their creativity, Muir Counselors Office. 

2:30 pm - Plasma PII)'Ilel Seminar, 2135 Biology ~ldg., Muir. Dr. Paul Channel, 
Lawrence Berkeley Lab, "Stochastic Problems in Classical Mechanics." 

3 pm - Meet your Muir Provost. Muir Provost Office. Munchies as usual. 
3 - 5 pm - Worksbop. Developing Career Choices will systematically evaluate oc-

cupational areas for those closely approximating partiCipants' personal needs. Early sign-
ups necessary. Career Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

4 pm - Organic Chemistry Seminar, 2100 SSB, Med. School. Dr. Melvin Calvin, UC 
Berkeley, "Chemical Carcinogenesis." 

4 pm - AMES Fluid Mechanics Seminar, 7104 Urey Hall. Revelle. Dr. Paul A. Libby, 
"Turbulence Interaction Effects in Turbulent Premixed Flames." 

4 pm - Psychology Colloqulwn, 1110 poL Bldg. , Muir. Dr. Russell De Valois, UC 
Berkeley, "The Visual System as a Fourier Analyzer." 

4 pm - Physics Dept. Colloquium, 2622 USB, Revelle. Dr. Edward Freeman, P rinceton 
U ni v., " Present Status of Tokomak Fusion Research." 

4 pm - Meeting. General Meeting of the Tennis ClUb. Rec. Conference Room. 
5 pm - MeetiDg. Sports Car Club, Lounge Conference Room. Student Center. 
6 pm - Meeting. M.E.C.H.A., Third College Lounge. 
6 pm - MeetiDg. Muir Outing Club, A.P.M. 2402. 
6 pm - Meeting. Abbey of Leng, Student Center Game Room Conference Room. 
6 pm - Meeting. Student Fees Programs, Student Organizations. 
6 pm - Meeting. Triton Wargaming Society, USB 403OB . 
6:30 pm - Meeting. A.A.S.A., General Membership Meeting, Revelle Informal Lounge. 
7 :30 pm - Meeting. U.C.S.D., Ski Club, CR 104 Third College. 
8 pm - Geological Sciences Seminar, IGPP Conf. Room, S10. Dr. M. A. Hampton, U.S. 

Geological Serice, " Mec.hanics of Sedimentation of Gravity Fows." 
8:30 pm-Concert. Sheils and Clark, UCSD's very own, The Side Door, Revelle. 
8:30 pm - Meeting. Students interested in " Wilderness and Contemporary Man" course 

offered this spring, should attend the Orientation Meeting. H&SS Rm 2250. 
8:30 pm-Meeting. Hoyd Thacker, Side Door, Revelle. 

Friday 
9 - 4 pm - Job Interviews. Northrop Corp: seeking BS, MS in AMES, APIS, Physics for 

aerospace, electronics, communications opportunities. Appointments necessary. Career 
Planning & Placement, 412 MC. 

9 - 4 pm. Educational Program. Paralegal Institute seeking .students for "legal 
assistant" training program. Appointments necessary. Career Planmng & Placement, 412 
MC. 

9 am - Meeting. Interns, Students Organizations. 
11 am - Meeting. S.A.A., North Conference Room. . 
Noon - Snowball Fiesta, next to Gym. Snow sculpturing contest, snow sliding and 

snowball throwning. Free. . 
Noon - Friday Biochemistry Seminar, 2100 BSB, Med. School. Speaker and tOPIC to be 

announced. . 
-1:~05 pm - Marine Biology Seminar, 307 Vaughan Hall , S10. Dr. Robert B. SPies 

Lawrence Livermore Lab, " Ecological Studies Around Natural Oil Seeps in the Santa 
Ba rbara Channel." 

1 pm - Meeting. Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student Center. 
1 pm - Music. The Women's Center is sponsoring a music get together, bring your lunch, 

bring your body, voice and/or instrument, Women's Center. 

2 pm - AMES-Bioengineering Seminar, B248 BSB, Med. School. r. Michael Yen, 
"Model Experiments on Fahraeus Effect. " 

3 pm -Sports. Women's sports day every Friday, meet at Women's Ce_lterifyou want to 
play. 

3 - 4 pm - Workshop. Fundamentals of Resume-Writing, a how-t~~it workshop. Career 
Planning & Placement, 412 MC. . 

4:30 pm - Women's Basketball, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. Imperial Valley, Mam 
Gym. 

TBA - " A One-Hundred-And-Ooe Hour Science Fiction Film Marathon" $1.00 at the 
door, location to be announced. 

7 pm - Meeting, Campus Crusade for Christ, Winzer Commons, Med. School. 
7 pm - Meeting. Folk dance, Rec reation Conference Room. 
7:30 pm - Movie. "Gone With the Wind," $1.00 Mandeville Aud. 
7 :30 pm - San Hinton and Sheils & Clark Concert, 107 CR, Third College. Musical concert 

of folk/rock sponsored by the Disa bled Student Union. Free. 
7:30 pm - Friday Night Flicks, Mandeville Aud . " Brothers & Sisters in Concert." 

Genera l Admission: $1. Repeated at 10 pm. 
8 pm - Men's Volleyball, Main Gym. UC San Diego vs. Dominguez Hills. 
8 pm - Orgy-Open the Mind and Body, sponsored by the Black Hole, location to be an-

nounced or call 755-8150. 
8 pm - Concert. New Music Concert with performance class, Mandeville Reictal Hall. 
8:30 pm - Snowball Fiesta Dance. Cafeteria, Muir. Music provided by .the Oysterman. 

General: $1. Ski Club members: $.50 

Saturday 
TBA - .. A One-Hundred-And-One Hour Science Fiction Film Marathon" $1.00, Location 

to be announced. 
9 am - Outing. Fourth College Outing Club will sponsor an all day hike to Torrey Pines. 

Will meet at 302 Matthews Campus. 
7:30 pm-Movie. "Fireman's BaU", $1.00, USB 2722, shown again at 10 pm. 

Sunday 
Worship at University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores Drive: 
Lutheran- l0:00 a.m. 
Episcopal - 12:00 noon 
Catholic -8:30a.m. and 5:00p.m. 

6: 00 p.m. - Student Dinner Program at Formal Lounge, Revelle Cafeteria, featuring Fr. 
Kevin Munn speaking on "C.S. Lewis." If you live in dorms, leave signature and meal card 
number at Office of Religious Affairs, 507 Matthews Campus, by Wednesday. Others pay 
$1.00. For details, ca\l452-2521. 

7 11m - Duplicate Bridge. Bridge Club. Revelle North Dinning Hall. 
TBA - "A One-Hundred-And-One Hour Science Fiction Film Marathon" $1.00 at the 

door, loca tion to be announced. 



I 
MORE etAs ·fiEels. • • 

PERSO Als 
Beware of tho. ChillMd asses, they'll blow 
your mill\! C'!aSald. : ptlilosophy, Jewish 
Heritage , .me..,eo call 286-4747 ask for 
Yonah (2/23) 

AFS'ers-Come to 00: orgy! Any AAs or 
alumn. Interested In getting together , Come 
to the Student Int'l Ctr. Lounge on Tues. Feb . 
24 at 7:30 pm. If you can't come, call 453-
1284 See you there .(2/23) 

Ganuck of the North & Lady Canuck In 13/2 
TT where are you from? This one .s from 
Alberta .(2/23) 

WANTEd 
Permanent part time holM'S suitable to your 
class schedule, Sell the all new Britannica 3 
and outstanding educational material , In-
cluding the Great Books of the Western 
World , on a special school and library basis 
to other students and faculty . Earn SI14 and 
more comm . a week on a part time basis . Call 
Student Sales Counselor, Don Treyz 234-
8530, 11am-2pm ,(2/27) 
Female room-mate own room In Solana 
Beach . $85 per month call : 755-8850 
elle .(2/23) 
San Diego speaks through its bathrooms , 
bus depots , etc . Send your favorite graffiti to 
be used In new book to : The Great Graffit i 
Grabb, Box 11451 , SO CA 92111. If you wish, 
Include your name : we'll publish It. (3/5) 
Need a folk guitar (nylon strings) at a 
reasonable price. Please call : Kim 755-
7237 .(2/23) 
Interested in driving car to NY-NJ area at end 
of quarter (MM 15-Apr 1) 1972 Vega stick . 
X4768 or 459-2707.(2/25) 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone 583-UFE 24 hrs 

Free cOWlSeling, study room 
and speakers 

RESEARCH 
. FRE~ CA IALOG! 
Wrtte or call for your copy of our 
latest catalog of oller 5,000 re-
search studies These studies are 
deSIgned to HELP YOU IN THE 
PREPARA TION of 

• Research Papers 
• Essays • Case Studies 
• Speeches • Book Reviews 
WE ALSO 00 CUSTOM WRtTlN G 

MINUTE RESEARCH 
1360 N Sandburg , _1602 
Ch.cago Illono.s 60610 

312-337-2704 

Used surf equipment wanted . Buy or sell 
used surf stuff at " Dave's Resale Surf" 407 N. 
Hwy 101 S B.-755-5848 11 ·6(2/23) 

,,' 

",. 

Abbott , Lynda Susan 
Banks. John Arthur 
Barefield . Barbara 
Balhman , Becky Lou 
Carr , Slephen E. 
Ca II ell , Berbert D. 
Chaykln. W.II.am L. 
Chlntala , Jane E. 
Drag un , Camille A. 
Edg.ngton , Michelle 
F.nnlgan. Tim D. 
Fisher, Dav.d A. 
Flechs.g , Karl A. 
Godd!' Marie T. 
Guonasso. Dav.d K. 
Hensley . Gregory W 
Hsu , Marlon 
Kendz.orek , Marshal F . 
K.esler Robert W. 
Lee, Stephen K. 
L.cht y Peler 
L.n , Ph.lI .p 
Lucas!. Nancy A 
Marra, Chrostina M 
Mart h1. Randy L 
McCandless. T.mothy P. 
McCormack , Elanor J 
McNall . Steven J. 
Melass , Carole E. 
Murray . Yvonne D. 
N.coll . Kenzie S 
Pad.lla , Arthur F 
Pa.k . Kyong II 
Pannek . Fred H 
Pea.rs, John M 
Purd.e. Bruce C. 
Ru.z , Rosa V. 
Schoon , Jo Ann 
Small , W.IIoam M. 
Sm.th, Richard B 
Stearns , Ralph E. 
Siorhaug , Yvelle H. 
Troplett. Robert 
V.llanueva , Wayne G. 
Walls Claudone A 
W.lIenberg , Eric A 
Wvlip Sandra l. 
MUIR COLLEGE 
Allen , Miriam J. 
Asaro , Brodgel 
Avelino, Agnes T. 
Bab.n . Linda G. 
Bagley . Juloelle 
Bart.shen , Lawrence 
Beckstrom , Kenl E 
Blanco, Gail S, 
Bordsong , Mark W. 
Brumm . Daniel W 
Carm.c hael. Boreen A . 
Carocc.a . Mark 
roont'f , 0. naK. 
Deroeux . Robin D. 
Ferrin. James R E 
Frazer, Danoel Lee 
GarCia , Olivia V 
Gurnard , James R 

N d extra cash? Buying old U.S. coins. Also 
buy.ng U.S silver coins minted before 1965. 
Ken . 453-7924 (3/12) 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes -examined 
prescriptions fWed 
contact lenses fined 
repairs 
hours mon - !rt. 1030 - B'OO 
sal 10·6 ClOSed sundays 

sports arena blvd. 
(across Irom Ihe sporls arenal 

224-29r3 224-2974 

Hansen , Suzanne K. 
He.d •. Hobart 
Husch , Sally l. 
In t roert. Anthony P. 
Jordan , Julia l. 
Kehoe , Roberta A . 
Kendall . Gloria A . 
Kerl . Laura V. 
K.t c hen , G.nn.ta V . 
L tham , Dav.d A . 
Lee, Deborah A . 
Massa , Emlddio Jr. 
McCombs . L.nda A . 
Mc Pherson , John R. 
Mornson, Chrostopher 
M rde , Julie A. 
Patton. Anne F 
Sau.nger, JIIil. 
Sylvester . Lea:'! n N. 
Thompson, Eula 
Vaughan . Carolyn K 
Vose, M.chael 0 
Waqner, Dav.d W 
Warg o, R.chard W 
We.sman , Andrea S 
Wo Od . Ind.ra S 

THIRD COLLEGE 
Amador. Jose J . 
Aro as. Armando A . 
Aroas, Edward J 
Armas , Jose L 
Armstrong , Gerry l. 
Avery , James l. 
Baoly. Susan I . 
Baloy , Caesar T . 
Bell , David J 
Berroud , Alan M . 
B.ddle , Ronald 
Boyle, 8arbara J . 
Bray , Amy E 
Burtness, Steven W . 
Camp.on. Marie T. 
Carbalal , Virginia jG . 
Casares. Paul Jr. 
Castello , Alberto P. 
Cion Ion. Neil C. 
Cohen , Calherlne R. 
Danesh. Irving S . 
Dav.s. Kalhy K. 
Deluna , Elod.a M . 
Echaues, Slephen A. 
Em ry . Debbie S . 
Espana . Frances S. 
Ess. 1. Bassey D. 
Farley, Irene L . 
Finkle , Eroc M 
Fuller . Brian D. 
Gomeltagle, Raymundo 
Gonzal Z, Dee E.J 
Gr n1. Sharon B 
Groven , Chari s M. 
Hams, Peter T. 
Helfman, Beth E. 
H rnlcy . Juloe A . 
H.alt. Gary K 

Mooday, Fe ..... ry %3, m. 

,' .... , ... .. .. ~. voy'i'~ "" """"""""""""""""""" 

Jullanna 
~ BARTANYI 

for 
CITY COUNCIL 

JulianRi is for low cost pemment Ind dtlzen Involvement on I 
IVISS roots level. 
Julianna is for home rule Ind citizen PlrtIcI .. tlon. 
Julianna's tireless enerlY Ind IbIIltr his made It paulble for her 
to achieve her lolls. 
As your elected representative she can be counted on to serve In 
of our residents to the best of he, Ibility. 
Julilnna Blrtanyi is first on your ballot; pi .... vote FIRST FOR 
JULIANNA· 
Del Mar Cltianl lor , .. election 01 Jullama 88Mnyi. Nancy I Epper.on, 'rw ... ,.. 

: ••• 1.~ ~~ .R~:- •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • ; 

PSAtells 
UCSan 
bun Off 
29tAlnes 
ad. 

H.lls , Heather 
Jones. Michael A. 
Jones, Susan M. 
Lasch , Ruth G. 
Laliins . Roy Anthony 
Lebrlcht. James l. 
Lew, Andra U . 
Logg.ns, Kalen R. 
Loghtholder. Judith H: 
Lonares , Henry J . 
Lucas. Lark A, 
Mabry. M.chael E. 
Mayf.eld . YvonnedL. 
McCarthy . Juliana M. 
McChrystal . An.ta G. 
M.ller, GreerL. 
Mol.to r. Michael R. 
Montealegre , Laura L . 
Monteverde , David L, 
Munoz, Irma A. 
Naka. Shlnk. 
Neilles , Palrick A. 
Norlon . Gary Lee 
Opdenaker. Susan L. 
Ph.lI .ps , Ashley E 
Ou.nlan . Mark 
R gsdale, Rosalind A. 
Roe, Roberl R. 
R.chards. Robert l. 
Ru.z. M.chael P. 
S.glar , Roderick l. 
Siommer, Lance B. 
Sull.van . John J. 
'f .tkers , Sharon A. 
Voger , John M. 
Walker, Clilion Jr. 
Watkins , Megan J . 
Wh.te , Robert Mason Sr. 
Wiggins, Donald C. 
W.lburn , Wanda A. 

FOURTH COLLEGE 
Atk.ns , Leann J. 
Bellec1. Mary E. 
Benshoof . Catherine J . 
Beronla, Gregory P. 
Boll . Hillery 
Bowler , Anita M. 
Bray . Robert S. 
Brown . Allred W. 
Bruchez. Deborah A. 
Burnett , Phillip C. 
Chaney, Margo N. 
Chavez . Victor 
Cooper , Elozabeth J. 
Cooper. Jack B, 
Cooper, Robert R. 
Corcoran, G.lbert J, 
COlzens . Michael D. 
Curl.s , Sean M. 
Davis . Tyra D. 
Deyoung , Bruce 
D.lella , Joseph D. 
Dulault, Scoll R. 
Estrella , Maroa G. 
Flavaus, Ronald C 

Fong. Tselong 
Foster, Thomas J. 
Flem.ng Victor D. 
Froday. Bette D. 
Furgeson . Charles R 
Glover, Melan.e K. 
Greely. Alberl F 
Hawley , Bruce C. 
Helmer , Moroa E 
Herman . Gregg T. 
H.ckey , Mart.n F . 
Holzl , Derek R 
Jones, Constance Y. 
Kende . Palroc.a C. 
Kolence, CI.lion W. 
Lanphier. Stacy 
L.ndskoog. Jeffrey P. 
Lyon . Dav.d 
Marshall , Michael W. 
Matthews. Kathleen M. 
Maxwell. Millssa E. 
McEachern. Nina K. 
M.ller. Fredrick R 
Morphy. Timothy A. 
Morrow , James W 
Mul.ck. Robert A. 
Munk . Edilh K. 
Murphy. David N 
Nell.s. Kalhl nM 
Norlhrop. Eva M 
Radlord . M.chael J 
Ratke . Mark J. 
Reed. Harnet N. 
Re.d. Stanley L . 
Sanders, Doreen H. 
Sanger. Joseph M. 
Schlon . Thomas W. 
SChonfeld , Nancy A. 
Smilh, Scott C. 
Snyder, Judy A . 
Snyder. Margo A. 
Sle.n , Charles M . 
Talan , David A. 
Thomas , Jeffrey R. 
Trev.no, An.ta R. 
Vanhotn , Stephen r. 
Waller , James F . 
Wallerius . JOhn W. 
Wargo, Ronald lee 
Wroght. Charles E. 

Zebrac~. Allen S. 
Zellansky. Deborah A, 


