
Vietnam Era 
Vets Served 
by Center 

by Derek Holzl 
Staff Reporter 

Whatever the final answers to 
the moral questions of Vietnam 
may be, the problems of 8.2 million 
Vietnam era veterans will remain. 

The approximate 270 veterans at 
UC San Diego are ~erved directly 
by two people, Al Padilla and 
PeMY Burger. Both work out of 
the Office of Veterans Affairs on 
Matthews Campus. 

Veterans Affairs handles 
problems concerning the veteran 
student, with services ranging 
from financial aid and Veterans 
Administration (VA) loans to other 
activities such as discharge 
upgrading, tutorial fees reim-
bursem~nt, and a work study 
program. 

The office, located at 213 Mat-
thews, is run jointly by the 
Veterans Administration (a 
department of the federal 
goverrunent) and the University. 
The office was established in 1974 
when the previous system of one 
V A office for all of Southern 
California was shifted to 18 
separate offices on various San 
Diego campuses. 

Financial Needs 

All full time veteran students 
accepted under the GI bill are 
entitled to 36 months of V A 
educational payments at $270 per 
month. In addition, they can 
receive 12 months of educational 
aid at $100 a month under a 
separate California program. 
Disabled veterans are entitled to 
more benefits with most of their 
educational financial needs met. 

Veterans who need tutoring 
receive up to $60 a month for 
tutorial fee reimbursement. 

Although the University's work-
study program has been filled, 
Penny Burger noted that the V A 
work-stUdy program still has 
positions available to full time 
veteran students, for she en-
courages any interested veteran to 
contact Veterans Affairs. 

Away From Centralization 

Local discharge upgrading is 
another shift away from cen-
tralization handled in part by the 
office of Veterans Affairs. The 
review boards, formerly located 
only in Washington DC now also 
exist in California. The Office of 
Veterans Affairs is in a powerful 
position to help the veteran change 
his discharge status. 

Al Padilla, a former veteran, 
himself, stated that some veterans 
initially go to the larger offices of 
the Veterans Administration to 
resolve their problems. He said 
that although these offices are 
capable of handling ttlese 
problems they can not stay in 
communication with the veteran as 
problems a re solved. 

Clearing House 

Both Padilla and Burger spoke of 
a n w organization of veterans at 
U D. 

'Right now we have a handful of 
stud nts trying to establish a 

ontinued on Pa~e 8 

Who said Busby Berkeley was ou t of touch with reality? 
Martial Arts students practice in UCSD gym . (T:r photo : 
Paul Jarvis) 

Energy Chief Opposed 

SDG & E Gives UCSD 
Low Blackout Priority 

by Sara Lowen 
Community Editor 

According to UC San Diego 
energy conservation coordinator 
William Pettus, UCSD could not 
tolerate the type of rolling blackout 
proposed by the San Diego Gas and · 
Electric Company (SDG&E) to 
deal with an energy shortage. 

"UCSD would need a continuing 
basic level of energy during an 
energy crisis : first , to sustain its 
research investment (for example, 
in cell cultures that have been 
maintained for years) and second, 
to continue its basic operating 
functions," Pettus explained. 

In the SDG&E plan, all parts of 
the city would be subject to 
blackouts on a rotating basis, with 
the exception of areas that provide 
vital services, such as hospitals 

ontinued on Page 8 

UCSD Energy C on -
servation Chief W ill iam 
Pe ttu s 

Withdraws from Eastern Primary 

New Brown ·Budget 
Includes UC Hike 
No New Taxes 
Planned for 
'76-'77 Year 

Gov. Brown submitted a $12.6 
billion " budget for an era of 
limits" to the legislature Saturday 
which, he says, reflects his ad-
m inistration's policy " to redirect 
efforts without escalating costs." 

The budget, which now will be 
sent to the Legislature for debate, 
includes an allotment of $644.3 
million for the University of 
California, a 4.7 percent increase 
over this year. 

This proposed allotment for the 
1976-77 fiscal year fa lls short of the 
$660 million requested by UC. 
However, UC President David 
Saxon has called the proposal 
" fair," when considered in context 
with curr.ent economic conditions. 

Concern Over Increases 

Saxon expressed concern, 
though, that the budget did not 
provide funding for possible in-
creases in workload. This is 
especially essential to UC San 
Diego, with its current problems 
over teaching assistantships that 
nearly resulted in a strike of 
Gra(Juate Student Union members. 

Brown's budget, which he says is 
" balanced , requires no new taxes 
and provides a prudent surplus," is 
10.2 percent higher than that which 
he submitted last year, but is up 
only 6.3 percent from what the 
state plans to spend in the corning 
year. 

The governor's economic ad-
visors have said the budget allows 
for a surplus of $339 million by 
year's end, which would be com-
bined with $180 million of Wla~ 
propria ted federal revenue-
sharing money. 

However , Brown warned 
legislators to leave the surplus 
intact, as a guard against any slip 
in the economy. 

" While there is a slight upturn in 
the economy, do not lull yourselves 
into thinking that hard tunes are 
over or ignore the lessons of other 
states which have raised taxes and 
cut vital services," Brown said. 

The governor 's budget proposal 
included several innovations, some 
of which will face challenges in the 
Legislature. 

$65 Raise 

The most controversial of those 
proposed changes is the $65 across-
the-board pay raise for all state 
em ployees. Brown, who suggested 
the same arrangement last yeat , 
will again seek acceptance for the 
plan to hold down goverrunental 
costs by giving the same raise to 
all employees, " from janitors to 
judges." 

This plan, which is a departure 
from the traditional percentage 
salary raises, is once again being 
resisted by state employee groups. 
It is also being opposed by 
Assembly speaker Leo McCarthy, 
who said it would " collapse the 
incentive system " currently 
ingrained in state employment. 

Another innovation in the budget 
proposals is a tax reduction plan, 
which would allow single people 
earning less than $5,000 and 
marr ied couples earning less than 
$10,000 to pay no state income 
taxes . 

Currently the state tax floor is 
$4,000 for singles and $8,000 for 
couples. Brown's economic ad-
visors estimate the tax reduction 
will save single persons $39 and 
couples $77 annually. 

Mathias Hits Kissinger Foreign Policy • In SD 
by James G. Soto 

City Editor 

Sen. Charles Mathias (R-Maryland) sharply criticized the Ford 
administration's foreign policy during a San Diego appearance 
Friday. 

Mathias who said he may run as an independent "third-force" 
candidate ' if the Ford administration doesn't change its policies, 
criticized current American foreign policy for being substantially 

This is the first in ~ series of articles on potential presidential 
candidates - announced or otherwise. Between today and tbe June 
primary we will run at least one article on eacb candidate. 

different from the ideals of the United States. " In too many important 
areas, our actions have been widely divergent from our annoWlced 
aims," said Mathias. 

A member of the Senate "Wednesday Club," a group of moderate 
and liberal Republican Senators, Mathias was in San Diego to address 
the luncheon fonun of the City Club. 

Observers have said Mathias made his West Coast trip to test 
support for a possible run at the presidency but at a news confe rence 
before the luncheon Friday, Mathias removed himself from con-
sideration by Republicans. He a nnounced that his name would be 
removed from the MaSS8chus tts Republican primary ballot. The 
Massachusetts Secretary of State automatically places the names of 
all potential candidates on the ballot unless requested to do otherwise. 

"Third-Force" 

However , Mathias did not rule out a candidacy as a " third-force" 
independent in th fu ure. 

In a thinly veil d criti i m of cretary of Stat H nry Kis inger, 
Mathias a ttacked the notion of " r lpoUtick" in foreig n affairs. 

The Republican s nator haract "ized " r alpolitick" "as 

willingness to use any and all means, including deception, intr igue and 
force to achieve policy ends." 

Mathias said that " realpolitick" is the "greatest challenge and 
contrast to this uniquely American perception (as put forth by the 
founding fathers) of the best means to carry out its role in foreign 
affairs. " 

"There have been American practit ioners of ' realpolitick'," said 
Mathias, " but in th long run they are not in the mainstream of the 
American experien e and their victories have been costly." 

Kissinger has been called an admirer of Prince von Metternich by 
c ritics of his policies. Metternich is .one ~f . t.hose. "l~gendary 
Nineteenth Century diplomats" that Mathias critiCIZed m his speech 
Friday. , 

casting some doubt upon the future ~f President F ord s ad-
ministration Mathia s said, " The next President, Secretary of State 
and Congress will be faced with gr~at challenges that will require 
great vision that I now regret a re sorely lacking." 

Congres lonal Advice 

Citing Angola as one of the cases where the United States has used 
practices not congruent with its ideals, Mathias said, • The un-
fortuna te and ill advised involvement of the United States in Angola 
would not have 0 curred if the issue had ooen fully and careJully 

nsider d , and if ongre ional advi had b n ou ht b fore our 
r nt involv m nt b gan." 

R f~ring to th advice of Thomas Jeff r on agam t the m-
volvement In entangling alliances, Mathia said, "SEATO, Vi tnam, 
Angola a nd Chile all are entanglemm in •• ch v' • J !.:rtcr .. 
w renot a t stake." 

On the question of the proper role of Unit d tates intelligence 
operation , Mathias said, " I am L'ummitted to the prop ition that ..... ,. 
hould have the ability to acquire all th information our goverrun nt 

n ds to make sound decisions for our security and our weUar ." 
ontinued on Pag 3 



PlgeZ 
I 

• rlfon f. nil'S 

Ml<rkWoelber 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

Crl\ig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J. Lowe.D 
Community Editor · 

Dave Elsen 
Sports editor 

UC San Diego 

John H. Taylor 
~tor-bt-cblef 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

AnneUebier 
Copy editor 

Kenzie NlcoU 
Business Manager 

Daniel Shawler 
Arts editor 

Wendy Eagle 
OHlce manager 

The Triton Times is recognized as the offici ... Istudent newspaper by 
the Communications Board of UCSD. Unsigned editorials represent 
the views of the Editorial Board, <Inti no! the views of the University, 
the Communications Board or the stud( '!!! hody. The members of the 
board a re John H. Taylor, Mark W(II'IIt(' r, .James G. Soto. Craig 
Uchida, Mark Stadler and Sara I.ow(·n. 

Murphy's Premature Bias 
Vice-chancellor and Dean of Student Affairs George Murphy recently 

(old the San Diego Union that " there was a clear violation of campus 
regulations" by three nOIl·students who participated in the demonstration 
against UC President s3xonlast November. 

Murphy made the comment after UC San Diego officials decided not to 
fi le criminal charges against those nOli-students , bccause the district 
attorney's office had advised them that there was no basis for such ac-
tion. The non-students are immune from campus discipline. 

However, the UCSD students identified as violating campus regulations . 
are not immune from those disciplina ry measures. Given a choice be-
tween probation and an open hearing on the charges, eight of those 
students chose the hearings. 
The problem with Murphy's remarks arises here. 
The dean made his judgement about the non-students. But, since all 15 

persons were originally charged with campus regulatioll violations 
together, his sta tement extends to the students 3S'well. 

letters to the Editor 

Third College 
Opening 
Events Set 

Thank you for your editorial (TI, 
Jan. 5) acknowledging the opening 
of the Third College Academic 
facilities and town house apart-
ments. We greaUy appreciate the 
support for the construction of 
these facilities which we have 
received from the Triton Times, 
the University community and the 
general public and hope that we 
will continue to enjoy such support 
for the continued development of 
Third College and the construction 
of the remaining phases of its 
pennanent facilities. 

Although official dedication 
ceremonies will be held much 
later, when landscaping and all 
building outfitting has been 
completed, we have scheduled a 
series of events beginning this 
month as an extended invitation to 
the campus and off-campus 
communities to visit our new 
facilities and share our sense of 
pride and accomplishment on the 
opening of this first set of buildings 
on the Third College campus. 

JOSEPH W. WATSON 
PROVOST 

The Triton Times is once again 
seeking political cartoonists 
knowledgeable in local, national 
and university affairs. An ability 
to crank out a weekly cartoon will 
get you the same pay as a TI 
editor. If you are interested in 
<.iisplaying your know-how on 
these pages, contact John H. 
Taylor, Mark Woelber or Craig 
Uchida at the Triton Times of-
fice . 

Monday, January 12, 1976 

Politics: James G. Soto 

"The Third Force" 
It was almost to be expected. 
Charles Mathias, Republican Senator from Maryland, held a press 

conference Friday to announce his intention of withdrawing his name 
from the Massachussets primary ballot. 

In the past, such statements would automatically disqualify a potential 
candidate from any further consideration of a presidential candidacy by 
the press. U~fortunately, this is not the past and t~e Mathias an-
nouncement only heightened political speculation. 

Mathias has more or less-probably less-taken himself out of Con-
sideration for the GOP nomination. However such a retreat does not 
symbolize the end eX his political asspirations. In fact in these scrambled 
days, such a statement may in fact increase his chances for political 
operation. There has been a threat implicit from the Mathias clique that 
he mig~ run for president as the candidate of an independent-
preswnably liberal- "third force" party. 

During the question and answer segment of his City Club luncheon 
appearance Friday, Mathias elaborated on the "third-force." 

Deeply Discoanged 
The popular Maryland senator gave a brief history of the decline of 

partisan political identification especially the decline of the Republican 
party- and described his frustrations with the Democrats and 
Republicans. "As a life-long Republican, I am deeply discouraged by 
both political parties," said Mathias. He said he was appalled by the 
hypocrisy of the two parties which acted-only as massive election 
machines. 

Mathias claims that his dissatisfaction is shared by millions of others. 
Apparently the figures bear him out because Republicans are but 18% of 
the total electorate while Democrats number around 40 %. The rest of the 
electorate are independents or members of Ox-like parties. 

Mathias does not know, however, whether a " third-force" movement of 
tl.Jese independent milliorL'l will coagulate this year or in 1980, but 
nonetheless, it will happen if we are to believe Mathias. 

While it is true that people are dissatisfied with the two parties, one 
wonders whether support for Mathias is to be expected trend because of 
the dissatisfaction. Mathias has been described as a "moderate" 
Republican-or even " liberal"-and he has wasted no effort in chiding 
President Ford for spending too much time courting the conservative 
vote. In fact many moderate and liberal Republicans view his shadow 
campaign largely as an effort to keep Ford from veering to far to the· 
Right. 

Striking Figures 
Of course the wisdom of this strategy can easily be questioned. A recent 

Lou Harris survey-Harris is the pollster liberals have used often in the 
past-has shown that Americans who favor the United States moving in a 
conservative direction outnumber by a 2-1 margin, those who feel it 
should move in a liberal direction. These rather striking figures supplied 
by the Harris organization could be a warning to Republicans and 
Democrats that continuation by the nation on what many people see as a 
liberal course could backfire at the polls. 

Ford has been slipping at the polls and his loss has been Ronald 
Reagan's gain-not that of Charles Mathias. . 

Indeed in the past two or three years there has been talk of a third 
Continued on Page 3 

Commenta,:y 
Although the hearing system is not the same as an actual trial, Mur-

phy's remarks would have been best wi thheld on the evc of hearings on 
the guilt or innocence of these eight students. They were unnecessary at 
best, and prejudicia lly harmful at worst. 

Brown's Budget Seeks to Help 
Those Who Need It Most 

by Craig Uchida 
Opinlon Editor 

Governor Brown's state-of-the-
state message and subsequent 

Gov. Brown's suggestion that state employees receive an across-the- $12.6 billion budget proposal last 
board $65 cost of living increase in their monthly pay check is an idea that week were clear indications that 
should be appreciated by those with a little common sense. the spending policy of California 

Off the Gravy Train 

The governor correctly pointed out that the cos t of li ving affects those will once again be carefully 
ill the lowe~ economic brackets hard~r than those. who a~e more fo~. scrutinized and manipulated to 
tUllate. Whtle the cost of bread, gasohne and clothmg has IIl creased, It hold down increasing government 
has not ~ncreased more for the rich !hat it has for ~he poor. Thus, Brown's costs. 
suggestion that all employees receive the same IIIcrease seems to make ' Brown's message, although not 
Sl· llSe. expressing any radical break from 

In the past. state employees received a percentage of their Income his past policies, emphasized the 
increase for the cost of living. This meant that the rich got richer simply economic realities of the situation 
hl'cause the cost of living went up. The percent increase concept is in- in today's world and the manner in 
nationary and certainly met only the needs of those who received the which government must cope with 
largl'st incomcs in the state. them. 

We hope the legislature will look kindly 011 the governor's suggestion The Governor is painfully aware 
and that s tatl' employees will rea lize the gravy train has been derailed. of the political and economic 

CPR Deserves Kudos 
We \\oultllike tn commend the Campus Program Board fur Ill st \\eek's 

(;"IJ(' Wild 'r 'ilm festival. Even though Wilder had to leave before he was 
abl .. to introdu('(' the San Diego premiere "f his new movie, Thc Adwn-
tun's of Sllcrtock Holmes's Smarter Brother, the festh'al was an art istic 
Sll('cess. 

Th(' Wilier fete was thl' l'ontilluation of what has been a fine yea r for 
CPH. Th' appearall('l'S nf Diek Grt'gory, Maria Muldaur and Jose 
Fl'lkian(J were ~hc iliglllights of la'l rillartcr and the coming quarter will 
hOlldully JC Just as ent('rtaining. 

Howcvc., ,he Wilder fl'sti va l offers special promise. If anoth 'r such 
l,rll1:ram :a l be arrangl'!1 with another popular entertainer, it should be 
~(' h('(lull'C immediately. 

The 1, itoh Times IS recognized by fhe LommunicOllons Board ot lJL~U as the 
offICial ,'udent newspoper. Pubhcal.on is on Mondays, Wednesdays and 
Fndays during Ihe regular school year (except on official holidays). Ed,tOrial 
and bUSIness offices are localed in 117 Bloke Hall on the Re"elle College 
campus, Uni"erSlly of Colif.,rnlo, Son Diego 

Lelle,. 10 Ihe Edllar and op.n.on columns are welcomed All submiSSIons 
should be Iyped on a 74 •• poce line on nonerasable paper. lhey should not 
e.ceed three poges In length double spoced. lhe Trolon T,mes reser"es Ihe 
ugh' 10 edl' sUbrnlS~lons becouse of space IlmtiOfions or style requirements. 

situation he is faced with. He is 
cognizant of the changes that have 
occurred in the philosophy of the 
nation's economy. In a country 
that once expounded spend, spend, 
spend, Brown now recognizes that 
perhaps moderation and 
redirection are essential towards 
its well being. 

Unlike many politicians, he 
realizes that the "country is rich, 
but not as rich as we've been led to 
believe. The choice to do one thing 
may preclude another ." It is his 
realization that the nation cannot 
continue spending freely with the 
hope that the economy will grow. 
He does not believe in expanding 
the state bureaucracy and 
economy by adding new programs. 
Instead, the state and country are 

faced with "an era of limits." 
Brown also recognizes that there 

are clear differences between his 
present regime and those of his 
predecessors-no longer is it an 
"era of guns and butter; of 
escalating benefits and few 
questions; a time when new 
programs were added and few old 
ones eliminated." 

It is time, he insists, that 
government become more 
responsible, that priorities be 
reordered, that choices be 
made among projects regarding 
health, envirorunent, employment. 

His top priorities it seems are in 
helping the poor, the unemployed, 
those at the lower end of the scale. 
He speaks nobly of fairness and 
equity of "the citizens who need all 
they earn, who toil for low wages 
and who must spend every dollar 
they receive ... " 

He has taken steps, albeit small 
ones, toward these ends. 

For instance , Brown calls for an 
elimination of state income taxes 
for individuals making $5,000 or 
less, or $10,000 in the case of 
married couples. This means a 
savings of $39 per individual and 
$77 per couples. It is a program 
that gives money to those who need 
it the most and "requires nO 
bureaucracy to administer." 

In terms of fairness and equity, 
Brown will attempt to strengthen 
the Fair Employment Practices 
Commission, in order to open up 
employment opportunities and 
insure that all citizens be given a 
"fair chance at all levels of em-
ployment." More important!y, 
Brown PropoleS a flat dolla r Ul-
crease to employees of the state 
rather than the traditional per· 
centage increase. This would 
prevent giving the most to thOSC 
with the greatest discretionary For d .'onol, call 452·3466; for bUSIness and d .. ploy od,erhsements, call 452·3468. 

The Man Who Fell to Earth Continued on Page 3 

Monday, January 12, 1976 C riCon 1 i itM.,~ 
Student Center Wing Done Early 

Four additions to the UC San 
Diego Student Center will be 
completed by Jan. 15, nearly three 
months ahead of the original April 
13 deadline. 

The additions, located east. ~ .the 
existing Student Center facililles, 

Politics .. · 

will house : 
The Triton Times offices ; and 

additional Offices of Student 
Mfairs facilities including the 
Educational Opportunities 
Program (EOP), the Office of 
Academic Support and Infor-

party, or a " third force" but it has been the talk of dissatisfied con. 
servatives. National Review publisher and columnist William Rusher 
and columnist Kevin Phillips have both penned books recently that caUed 
for the formation of a new party based upon values that many people 
associate'with conservativism. 

The movement in the Democratic party-confusing as it is-seems to be 
toward a reapproachment with certain conservative values. 

Friday heard the alUlouncement of Sen. Robert Byrd's (D-W.Va .) 
candidacy for President. Though the Senate Majority Whip does not have 
especially widespread support-at least now- his campaign will be.aimed 
at tapping the conservative or moderate votes in the dissaffected ranks of 
the Democratic party. 

Quarter of the Delegates 
Of the eleven announced Democratic candidates, at least four of them 

have some conservative constituency. Though one cannot even begin to 
predict how things will turn out in July, it would not be too bold to 
presume that conservative candidates in the Democratic party could 
control at least a quarter of the delegates at the New York convention. 

So Mathias is right about the existence of a potential " third-force" in 
American politics; but it is not clear that Mathias can represent them. 
His speech and his response to questions on the floor at Firday's City Club 
luncheon were neither impressive nor unique. In fact when asked about 
the best way tosolve the problem of unemployment, Mathias could not 
answer the question. 

It still is not clear what Mathias really wants to do. However it is clear 
that his inability to decide what he wants to do is not increasing his 
chances to represent the "third-force." 

Mathias ... 
He continued, " An Ameriean foreign policy does not need to be 

manipulative to succeed. " 
Mathias warned against Vietnam-type conflagrations, saylDg, "The 

next president will not be able to meet the domestic needs of the 
United States unless he can be certain that the resources and 

. leadership will be available and not drained off by avoidable foreign 
policy or defense needs such as brush-fire wars. " 

• Defense Spending 

On defense spending Mathias said "Spending at the level of $100 
billion for a number of consecutive years is excessive. " 

On arms-limitations the Maryland Senator said, "No matter how 
grim the prospect appears to be, there does not appear to be an 
alterna.tive to preserving the mutual deterence in nuclear weapons 
that eXIsts at the present time." However, Mathias was critical of the 
way UOlted States policy was handled in the SALT Talks. 

He urged his congressional colleagues to do more in the field of arms 
reductions, saying, " Congress will have to press hard for more sub-
stantial mutual reductions in nuclear weapons." 

M~thia~ believes that there is considerable room for a lessening of 
tensIOns In Europe. He asserted that mutual force reductions are 
now possible in the European theatre. 

Deck Shoes 
Double Knits 
Swimwear 
Underwear 
Sweaters 

Jeans 
'Sox 
Belts 
Shirts 
T-Shirts 

Jackels Shorts 
HawaIIan Shirts 

mation Services (OASIS), and Off-
Campus Housing. 

Also, the addi tion will L .elude 
Career Planning, Off-Campus 
Employment , Art and Lecture 
rooms, and offices for the Student 
Cooperation, that include a bike 
shop, print s hop, and other 
facilities that are, as yet, un-
decided. 

This phase of the Step II 
program, being built by the 
Nielson Construction Company, 
has proceeded remarkably well 
according to Maggie Brown at the 
Student Center. This is in contrast 
to the building of the first part of 
the Student Center , which was 
delayed for nearly 2 months due to 
many construction problems. 

The Step II program is costing 
$1.2 million and is heing funded by 
money from the Student Center 
and from registra tion fees. 

Most student services and 
organizations will be located in this 
portion of the Student Center. At 
present, no future additions are 
planned. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Imporlant reminder 10 Education 

Abroad applican ls for Europe, 
Africa, For East, Middle East and 
Mexico : Appl ,cations are due 
January 30. This deadline must be 
met. Lost informal ion meeting 
January 20. 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone !i83-UFE 24 hrs 

Free counSeling, study room 
and speakers 

DAVID BOWIE 
CAT STEVENS 
Tickets Available at 

San Diego Ticket SaJes 
273-4567 

w. hove 'ne only good seo's In town 

~ lJ elO TA 11='@. l025R',"",""S,"D,og'222."" C2Jn 1W>1t\~ iNe. 746 1 Girard Ave .• LaJolla 454-7169 

Page 3 

State of the State ... 
incQmes. With the rising cost of 
livinp if is:ln px(,pllpnt irjp'1 . 

In order to further aid em-
ployment and the environment, 
Brown is asking the legislature for 
$10 million for the Civilian Con-
servation Corps, a fallback to the 
New Deal of FOR. Although it will 
open up only 1,000 jobs to young 
men and women, it is a step 
towards lowering the unem-
ployment ranks which now stand at 
close to one million in California. 

proposal, it seems that Brown is 
content with moving slowly 
towards economic stability. No 
drastic measures are being un-
dertaken to change the system. 
Rather, he i:> working to shift the 
priority of programs already in 
operation. 

From his message and budget 

Many questions are left unan-
swered, especially with regard to 
malpractice, a potentially ex-
plosive issue; the unemployed 
must still be accounted for ; higher 
education went unmentioned. 

JESUS: 
FACT & FALLACY 

A lecture senes on the theme Jesus: Fact and Fallac y Will be presented by Or HarOld 
Hochner ( quesl lecturer) With UCSD professors commenting on the presen ted material 
D, HoehnCf will ,espond to questIOns from the audience Free admiSSion 

The lecture senes Will take place January 19·23, 1976, ,n the Revelle Cafeteria from 800-
10:00 P m sponsored by Campus Crusade 

GUEST LECTURER·OR HAROLD HOEHNER. PH.D Un IV rSlly of Cambt ldge (Englaodl. 
pro fessor of New Testament ExegeSIs at Dallas Theo log ical Seminary 

TOPICS 
January 19 JESUS OFTHE GOSPELS AND THE QUMRAN CO MMUNITY 

January 2Oth - JESUS OF THE GOSPELS OR FIRST CENTURY DISTORTION 
political Issues-lawrence Waddy. UCSD lecturer 

January 21sl - JESUS OF THE GOSPELS OR THE CRITICS 
or.glns of Paul's re ligion - Dr DaVid Crowne. UCSD associate 
professor of literature 

January 22nd- JESUS THE SOURCE OR THE PRODUCT OF CHRISTIANITY 
New Testament documents - Or. Alden Mosshammer. UCSO 
ass is tant professor of history 

January 23rd- JESUS THE PRED(CTED MESSIAH 
Or Avrum s oro II , UCSD professor of ph.losophy 

.---------.---.-------~ • MAil OIitOEft '0 min, people con iures up T. I t .n im,,1 of som, S"Id ~ (". ,.."" ntlin, I 
• .eXQS nstrumen S hoi toltvlolon oul of hi. aurba.k ,ara,' . • I unror'unll •• ly 'ttil frlq"n'l" is the ( I" . • 

Now I CoIn lit· hut and ,w •• r 'h. t we#re I "ntlt. "pendablt . brl'lt. cl •• n . ,.~.,."' . I I etc . • nd It won" pro'tlt II th 'ng. Alii un do is I 
• 

t t n you wUt WI otter .nd let you decld. . • 

r:~!l I ~ .. --·, : I 
/ ."!P I""''''' , 

• I .. ... ~ . 
1

- ... -D __ -

· L:== :J 
!fr 

• I DAY DEL(VERY ANYWHERE IN THE 
COUNTRY 

• NO SHIPPING CHARGE 
• ALL MODELS CARRY FULL YE.R 

GUARANTEE 
• ALL STANDARO UCESSDRIES IN · 

CLUDED 
• I> DAY RETURN. EXCHANGE , OR 

REPLACEMENT 
( Yes. • bH one IIII" throueh on occasion} 

n 
C 

~ 
o 
c 

~ 
l> 
Z 

One Dig prODlem with bUy ing vi. the ma ils I" 0 
'hat "" stlltr inYlriltily wa,,'s your money V' 
before he'lI g iYe you the calculator Pt:,".ps J> 
you 'hink .t·r. ,oinl to run off 10 Argentlnl 
with 11 . If you're ,ea"y concerned '".n ."It 
u, to "nd It COD. It will cost S2 mort. but 

< 
m 

• SR50A I should bot wall war'h the ~'Ct of mind . I 
• SRSOA $85 E llh.r wo~ , prepa Id or COO. we ,I .. ~ov • MrYlct Uti' ri yall yo II' locII stOrtS It • 
• SR51A S120 .......... Ii., .... ln'.. • 
• HP21 S9S The Cheap Calculator Co . • 
• HP22 S155 636 4th 5. Davis , CA. 95616 • 
• HP25 S182 .. • Cilifarn •• n" Add ' -J. ',I. ._ ... _ .. _ .. __ .. _._-_ ..• 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes 'examined 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fined 
repa is 

hour, oron -~I! 10 30 - 8 00 
sat , 0·6 Closed sundays 

orts arena blvd. 
l acro strom Ihe sports alena) 

224 ·2974 



WHAT'S ON: 1/12-1/18 
Any event in or around the UC San Diego community;s eiigible 

for inclusion in WHA T'S ON. 
Please use the st),le and format you see below for submissions. 
Turn them in either to the student center by" pm Thursday, or to 

the Triton Times by" pm Friday. 

MONDAY 
12 noon - Worship, Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference 

Room, Student Center. 
1 pm - Meeting Christian Prayer meeting. Student Center Lounge 

Conference Room. 
2 - 3 pm - Clinic Students desiring infonnation about or counseling on 

the use and abuse of alcohol. Revell~ Provost Office . 
3 pm - Meeting Chancellors Advisory Committee on the Handicapped. 

Disabled Student Center. 
3 pm - Meeting of the Women's Center to orient those interested to staff 
~ervices at the center. 

4 pm - Meeting. U J S Meeting. Student Center Conference Room. 
5 pm - Discussion on Birth Control methods. Student Health Center. 
5 - 9 pm - Clinic On Birth Control. Student Health Center. Appointments 

are necessary. 
5:30 pm - Meeting Science Fiction and Fantasy Club. Student Center 

Lounge Conference Room. 
6 pm - Meeting. Christian Science Organization. Blake Hall Conference 

Room. 

7 pm -Meeting. Fourth College Outing Club. Matthews Recreation 
Center. 

7 pm - Meeting Gay Student Association. Student Organizations 
Conference. 

7 om - Poetry Poetry Symposium. Poets : Alurista, Jose Montoya, Tino 
Villanueva. Moderator: Juan Rodriques. Building CR 107. Reception 
Following in The Third Colle~e Lounge. 

7 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. Blake Con-
ference Room. Everyone is welcome. 

7:30 - Meeting of the Women's Center to orient those interested to staff 
services. At the Center. 

7:30 pm - Advanced meeting for all Transcendental Meditators. 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 

8 pm - Discussion. Monday Evenings at Mandeville Series" A Dialogue 
of Contemporary Music." Dr. William Brooks. Mandeville Recital Hall. 

8 pm - Organizational meeting for the 5 & Dime. Training meeting for 
PA system. Lower Muir Commons. . 

9 pm - FUm sponsored by the Monday Nite Films, "List of Adrian 
Messenger. " 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Commons. FREE. 

TUESDAY 
11 am - Seminar Optical Signal Processing Seminar. "Liquid Crystals" 
Room B 301 AP&M. 

12 noon - Worship, Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference 
room, Student Center. . 

12 noon - Noon Concert sponsored by the Muir College Program Board . 
Spencer Tashima and his guitar for your enjoyment on the lawn. Lower 
Muir Commons. FREE. . 

12 noon - Meeting of the Muir Program Board. Muir Activities Office. 
7 pm - Meeting ofthe Asian American Student Alliance. Revelle formal 

lounge. 

7 pm - Meeting Cal Pirg Orientation. North Conference Room Student 
Center. Open to everyone. 

7:30 pm - Conversation Evenings " Some Interesting Evenings With 
Interesting People" Host: Jonathan Seville. Guests: Concert Violinist 
Aing Schiff and Sid Gilman, former coach of the Chargers. A series of 
eight evenings. Room 1105 School of Medicine. Fee : $49. 

II pm - Concert Atomic Cafe "Contemporary Salon Music" Recital 
Hall . Mandeville Center. 

no time - Movie " Midnight Cowboy" Sponsored by Disabled Student 
Union. Mandeville Aud. Admission $1. Tickets at Door or Campus Box 
Office. 

EDNESDAY 
10 am - Oasis. Study Skills Group. Topics will include coping with 

reading assignments and test taking strategies 250 MC. 
11 am -Oasis Note Taking Group 250 MC. 
11-12 noon - Elections for the UCSD chapter of Young Americans for 

Freedom. Blake Conference Room. : 
12 noon - Introductory lecture on the Transcendental Meditation 

Frogram. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
Noon - Meeting Graduate Student Council. Student Center Upstairs 

Conference Room. 
Nbon - Notice St:lldtor Tunrwoy will be speaking at USD Law School 

More Hall. 
1 pm - Worship, Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room, 

i ·lutlent Center. 
2 pm - Introductory Lecture on the Transcendental Meditation 

Program. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
2:30 pm - Clinic Sex Clinic for couples or individuals seeking in· 

formation or counseling on sexualmatters. Revelle Provost Office . 
3 pm - Meeting Disabled Students Union. Disabled Student Center. All 

Students Welcome . 
4 pm - Poetry. Poetry Reading. Poets : Tomas Calderon, Veronica 

Cunningham, Barbara Hernandez. East Room Mandeville Center. 
4:30 pm - Seminar. Dr. Carl Hopkins of the Department of Ecology and 

Behavioral Biology, University of Minnesota , will speak on' cology and 
Behavior of Electric Fish," Bonner Hall rm. 2105. 

5 pm - Clinic. Birth Control Clinic. Appointments necessary. Student 
Health Center. 

5 pm - Discussion of birth control methods. Student Health Center. 
6 pm - Film sponsored by SA TCH. The first in a series of health and 

medicine related films. CR 1M, Third College. FREE. 
6 pm - Meeting of SATCH (Students Active Toward Community 

Health). CR 104, Third College. New Members are welcome. 
6 pm - Meeting "Triton Wargaming Society" 902 Tioga Hall. 
6: 30 pm - Meeting Sign Language ClUb. Disabled Students Center. 
7:30 pm - Meeting Trident Christian Fellowship. North Conference 

Room Student Center. 

7:30 pm - Introductory Lecture on the Transcendental Meditation 
Program. North Conference Room, Student Cente r . 

8 pm - Fireside. Informal discussion on the Baha'i Faith. For in-
formation, come to DeAnza Hall, upstairs lounge, 4th CcJllege dorms, or 
call Dan 452-9867. 

8 pm - Dance. Old Time Country Dancing Live Music. Conference 
Room Rec Gym. Free. 

8 pm - Concert Electro Acoustic Music . Mandeville Recital Hall. Free. 

8:30 pm - Music 5 & Dime's " Sing for Your Supper Serie,'l" featuring 
Don Krupp at 10:00. 8:30 show TBA. Muir 5 & Dime, Lower Muir Com-
mons. FREE. 

THURSDAY 
7 am - Sid. AU Dav Ski TriD 40 ~ 50 Students. Will provide transportation 

to Snowsummit. Call gym for info. 
1 pm - Worship, Christian prayer meeting, Lounge Conference room, 

Student Center. 
2 pm - Meeting. Meet Provost Lea Rudee 302 MC. 
3 pm - Meet Your Muir Provost. Munchies too. Muir Provost Office. 
4 pm - Seminar AMES Fluid Mechanics -seminar Series "Particle -

Size Measurements in Flames Using Observed Power Spectra for 
Scattered Laser Radiation" 7104 Urey Hall. 

4:30 pm - Meeting A F SCM E Collective Bargaining. Conference 
RoomAMC. 

6 pm - Meeting Muir Outing Club. APM 2402. 
6:30 pm - Career. Career Options Workshop. Will define possible 

careers directions and assessing career factors Important to par-
ticipants. 412 MC. 

7 pm - Movie. "T8king Our Bodies Back" followed by a discussion with 
Judith Goldfinch from the Birth Control Center. HSS 1330. 

7 pm - Courses Fourth College will offer courses by students in subjects 
such as auto mechanics, wine making, mime, etc. Register at Matthew's 
Campus Cafe. 

7:30 Dm - Lecture "The Great Rock Painting of an unknown Culture of 
Baja California" Lecturer: Harvey Crosby. Sponsored by the Friends of 
Library. Mandeville Recital Hall. Free 

8 pm - Concert Newman Bach Organ Concert. Mandeville Aud. 
General Admission $6, UCSD Students $2.50. 

8 pm - Come brush up on your Backgammon for the upcoming tour-
nament. All students invited to partiCipate. Muir: 5 & Dime, Lower Muir 
Commons. BYO Game. 

FRIDAY 
1 pm - Worship, Christian prayer meeting, lounge conference room, 

Student Center. 
3 pm - Lecture Professor Hubert Schwyzer "Concepts and Objectivity" 

Revelle Formal Lounge. Free. 
4 pm - Seminar. Deadline for Career Planning Seminar Registration. 

Me Cafeteria. 

7: 30 & 10 pm - Movie That'll Be The Day. 2722 USB Admission $1 . 

8:30 pm - Concert Keith Jarret, Main Gym. UCSD Students: $3, 
General Admission $4.50. Tickets: Student Center Box Office and Turn-
table in La Jolla. 

SATURDAY 
9 am - Workshop "Let's Begin to Get Thin" Offered by Extension. One 

Day. FormaVInformal Lounges. Revelle. Fee: $17. 
10 am - Bike Ride. All Welcome. Meet in front of Bike Shop. 
1 pm - The CardiO-Pulmonary Resuscitation class. Continued on 

Sunday. For inf~, contact the SA TCH office. 

7:30& 10pm - Movie. Images. USB 2722 Admission $1. 
8 pm - Party. Party for Grad Students. See your departmental Grad 

Council representatives for Location. 
8:30 pm - Concert. Contemporary Chambers Ensemble . Mandeville 

Aud. UCSD S.tudents $2.50, General Admission $4. 

SUNI)AY 
1 pm Continuation of the Cardi~Pulmonary Resuscitation class., from 

Saturday. 
7:30 pm - "On Ecumenical Safari in Nairobi," a color slide report on 

the World Council of Churches Assembly and the African scene today by 
UCSD Pastor John Huber, at University-community Church. Everyone is 
welcome. . 

7 pm - Bridge. Duplicate Bridge. Revelle North Dining Ua U. 

8 pm - Play. Electra. The New Electra is a play about Recognition A 
Modem Experimental Adaptation . Mandeville Recital Hall. UCSD 
Students $2 .50, General Admission $4. 

Worship Services at University-Community Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dr.: 

Lutheran -lO:OOa.m. 
Catholic· 8 :30 a .m. and 5:00 p.m. 
Episcopal-12:00 noon (note new time) 

, 



Pagd 

NEBULA A WARD STORIES TEN 
Edited by James Gumi 

Harper & Row, $7.95,254 pp. 
Besides seven prize-wirming stories, this volume contains two essays 

a bout science fiction that offer some solid standards by which to judge the 
prize winners. . . 

Science fictio n scholar Robert Scholes says the genre satisfies our 
desire for "joyful storytellin.g," provides ideas " that are I!enulne,l,v 
adult" and fulfills " our elemental need for wonder and dehght. 
Moreover science fiction is unique in "giving us living images of the 
future co~sequences of present actions." 

Gordon R. Dickson, well-known science fiction writer, gratefully notes 
that " the era of the monster and the hardware is finally coming to a n end. 
... Instead, what is found ... are stories of human beings under new and 
different life pressures ... which ca n lie within the bounds of some 
possible future or alternate present for anyone of us." 

This year's wirmers each fulfill some of these standards, but only one 
incorporates them all. Robert Si1verber~:s "Born ,~ith The. ~:a~" 
examines a world in which the dead can be rekindled and hve In COld 
Towns." He speculates on the qualities of the " deads" a nd their effect on 
the living in a haunting, if sometimes tedious, fa.shion. ' .. . 

Yet this story is not the best example of "Jo~ ful storyte~hng. 1 hat 
distinction belongs to Tom Reamy's " TWILLA, ' a frightening ~le of a 
" little girl" who turns out to be something very different Indeed. 
Although !his tale borders on the " monster an~ hardware " variety, it is 
fast-moving, genuinely suspenseful a nd even witty. " 

The g rand prize was awarded to Ursula LeGuln for T~~ Da~ Before 
The Revolution." Though a touching portrayal of old a.ge dls~l1~lOnmen.t , 
it lacks any profound futuristic statement. The setting, With Its exotic 
names and rules bears little relation to the story. 

The other sto~ies are of varying quality. C. L. Grant's " The Rest Is 

Silence" a macabre tale of an English teacher's revenge, s.eems to be 
more f~ntasy than science fiction-a distinction which admittedly, has 
caused trouble over the years. " If The Stars .Are Gods," by Gor~on 
Eklund and Gregory Benford, is a psychological study of an aging 
astronaut. The book contains thoughtful c~mments abo~~ other:~orldly 
life, but it becomes to gimmicky. " After Kmg ~ong F~l1 . by Phlhp Jose 
Farmer is a pleas ing bit of whimsy, If. not SclC~~~ fictIOn, and Ro.ger 
Zelanzny's " The Engine At Heartspring's Center IS frankly confUSing, 
though poignant on an elementary level. -MARY ELSON 

THE NATURE OF ALEXANDER 
By Mary Renault 

Pantheon, $17 ,95,248 pp. 
History has not been kind to Alexander the Great, his reputa~ion not-

withstanding. Accounts of his campaig~s a~e s~cond-hand or tam~ by 
prejudice propagandists have labeled him Villain or savIOur according. to 
their needs, felons have plundered his memorials, and a sensele~s ~Ire 
destroyed his archives. Nowhere has there e~erged a Hom~r orVlrgllto 
chronicle his greatness, and consequently his story, faSCinating In Its 
detail. is rather prosaic in the telling . .,. . , 

Mary Renault energetically attacks this hlstoncal G.ordl~n s kno~, 
seeking to describe Alexander in the conte~~ of his owl! c~vlhzatlOn, and If 
she comes up something short of her ambitious title, It IS the fault not of 
her insight but of the problem itself . 

Certainly most of the documented facts are here-a t~mul~uous 
childlJood in Macedon, accession to the throne at 20 , early victories m 
southeast Europe and Asia Minor, triumphal entry into Egypt, the pin-
nacle of military success in Persia , the extension of the empire to India, 
his marriages and homosexual loves, and his return to Exbat.ana a~d 
Babylon, where he died of infection at age 33 under mysterIOus cir-
cumstances. . 

All of this is grand and epic and , for the non-specialist reading It fo: the 
first time a little shocking. Pursuing a one-man policy of mamfest 
destiny, Aiexander s imply took by force everything in his path. He was 
insatiable, always attempting to prove himself to the world, the gods and, 
r suspect, to himself . . . . 

Renault relates this need to a number of factors, including hiS mother-
dominated childhood his rather self-conscious identification with 
Achilles and Aristotie's exhortation that he become a "great-souled 
man." He was no doubt a complex man, and the sources of his complexity 
ma ke for t.he most interesting speculations in the book. 

-JOHN BLOOM 

Monday. January 12, 197' 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

URS 159 Urban Undercla" "'''I 
be offered Tue,days and Thursdays 
from 3· 4 :30 pm in HL 14~8. The 
(aurse focus s on Ihe marg inal 
peapl"s makll1g up Ihe surplus 
lobar population In bOlh un. 
of'foeveloped counh les and Ihe 
Unlled Slolcs. 

Freshman Seminar Biology 90 
l"led " Prole in Bia.Synthesis wi ll be 
held T uesdoys from 2 · 3 pm In HSS 
2125 . 

The recenlly established Siudeni 
Volunteer Cenler will serve as a 
,eferral agency for sludenlS who 
wont 10 get involved in volunteer 
community work. Opportuni ties for 
volunteer work in Son Diego ore 
avalloble In such areas as tutoflng, 
counseling, health services and 
many more. For more informat ion. 
contact Chota Benitez or Dina 
Assad 01 Ihe Studenl Organizo tions 
Office , second flo'or Norlh. Sludent 
Cenler. 

UCSD Coop Book Exchange 
needs Wlnler Quarter lexts . We 
also have many l exlS 10 sell 01 good 
pflces. Revelle Informal Lounge. 
10· 3 pm . 

.~" .. '~~~;~~ 
. 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
. 

SERVICES 
Tutor available In music (t heory·hlst ) B. 
mus. from a conservatory & TA for 2 yrs in 
music It . 455-t7t7 (1/ 14) 

Need weekly ode to L A and back . Class al 
UCLA thurSdays 5 pm . Can relurn anytime In 
eve. 455-1717 (111 4) 

Songwriters. rock stars I Will arrange Of 
transcnbe your tunes. 455-1717(1/ 14) 

Monday , January t2, at noon , the Blol Chem 
cliniC opens Bnng your Biology and 
Chemistry quest ,ons

' 
11112) 

STEREO REPAIR Student with protesSional 
trainIng and experience In stereo repaIr, 

1ft , ( qlt Illy tNitl('Hl ra tn t", Itt tho~p on 
student budgets RepairS made on all makes 
and models . amps . preamps , receIvers 
tuners. tapes , and tables Repaired WIth 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE Call 'm· 
mechately for free es timate and or problem 
consultation Call 291·5927 (1123) 

Colleg iate research alds~thousands on flte 
Send S1 tor your 160 paqe mal l order catalog 
Research ASSistance. 11322 IdahO Ave if.206 
Los Angeles CA90025 213477-8474 (tlt9) 

Need extra Income? Make $12 -over $25 each 
CLIPPING newspaper ,tems. Details free 
Wnle CliPPing Box2479t A 7 Seattle. Wash 
98t 24 (1lt9) 
TYPi s t -IB M term Pdper l theSls/dlsser 
latlonsJ21C Editing frush Jobs/Xerox 56()" 
817t (3112) 

housiNG 
Room ava il. Del Mar LIve With 3 med Mud 
sao s,ng /67 cO'Jple call 481 ·9337 eve ASk tor 
George (t l t6) 

La Jolld V,IIage t BR SAVE $ and get Ihe 
chOIce IOC.1h ty 50 rt from pool &. jacuzzI 
8529F V, II, La Jolla Bill 459·7510 (111 4) 

I 

Rmle wanted PB House 4 blks to Beach own 
room S1 30 1151 Reed 27(}'9338 (1 / 12) 

Luxurious house (3bm) wi large bacl<yard, 
f,replace built-in wet bat . etc . Must see 1 rm 
avaltable immedlalely. Call 755-7269 and 
leave message - StOlle (1/12) 

Own rm. 3 bdrm ./ 2 ba. apt. S951mo. rent. 
neat . responSible, considerate, non· smoklng 
s ludent p,eteroed . 279·7509 (1 112) 

Wanted male roommate 8750 /M 488-67fO 
pves f l lt2) 

F male roomma te wanted for nice Del Mar 
house wJfueplace 1fI block 10 beach , own 
rOOm 755·2271 (1112) 

Rommale wanted ' or Del Mar house nr beach 
with Ilfeplace. laundry rm . yard . Call 755-
3270. Colleen , Vicki . (1 / 12) 

F rooml~ needed Feb. 1 Own room (Uf. 565 
Incl utll . Non·s moker 27(}'5999. (1 /16) 

FOR SALE 

1.7 DATSUN 4 door sm.ln Excpll(lnl Irans 
GOOd Engine and t"es MUST SELL! S775 . 
453·4607 (1/1 2) 

SlOg Ie bed box spong and maltress $20 Bill 
755·5253 eves (1 /12) 

-71 " mgb HDTP convert 10 mileage. Best 
otter . Jud, 755·3270 (tI12) 

1971 VW Bus new rebUiIl engine 10.000 ml. 
exc. tond new tires lor more mfo call 452-
078t (1/23) 

Surfboard (or sale 7 t " round tall very good 
cond $40. call 45~2255(1/ 12 ) 

lIot!lI to O,dtniHY dllfNf'llIIill Nltla1l0n5 by 
Shepley & Ross (nrange & purple book) brand 
new lor '/, price 755·8701 aller6 pm (1/ 16) 

VW·camper t62 body 175 engine I,.nsm & 
'tires full camper equlpmt : 

VW·camp r t 62 body '75 enqlne "ansm -
tlfes full camper eQuipmt : stove, si nk , water 
lank-Ice box 4 can sleep $1000. Must sell 
belore leaving USA urgent. 755·9032 or X3184 
(1112) 

VW 1966 squareback Perlecl Condition New 
Tires Radlol Heater S1150 Ca" 452·8768 
(1 /1 6) 

Lively. purebred , 6 mos . DOBERWOMAN lor 
sale Very tn.ndl y, to good home Call Debbie 
at 481 ·0771 (1112) 
Stero components. 2O 'I,·40 'h ott IIsl. All 
malar brands All guaranteed. Call Bernard at 

45~5298 al ler 6 pm (1 119) 

1966 Falrlane Wagon . Rebuilt aulo trans., air , 
r l h V·8390cu. In. $450 48t·9785 (1/16) 

Wanted 1975 Tolkein calendar. Pictures 
must be Inlact. $2.50. Caf l nights 8·11 . 452· 
89 (orWarren 11112) 
Cat Stevens Concerti LA Forum Feb. 2 & 3. 
Belter pnces AND BEITER LOCATIONS than 
all compet'tors 27(}.7855 (212) 

HP55 With battery charger , lield case stat-
pack and math-pack. $350. call 453-8128 
atter5p .m . (1/ t 2) 
Snow skls·K2 comps 207cm. With SOlomon 
505 bindings Musl sell $100 454-8435 Mark 
(tI12) 
Gitane Interclub "'cycle. t yr Old . excellenl 
condition , 24" frame, Simplex eqUipped , new 
tlfes (S2oo newl • $120 or best olter 756·2826 
or View at Co-op Bool< Exchange, ROIIelie 
Intormal Lounge. 10 am·3 pm (1112) 

1973 Suzuki TS 125 Superb condition no 
stock parts . A sleal al $350. 452·2399 or 454· 
7022(1/12) 

New HP·21 and safety cradle . Besl otter call 
452· t236. (1116) 

Q,ASIS NEEDS TUTORS to meet student demand for tutorial 
ass .stance in lower division Math & Science. Earn 4 units of 

credit for tutoring this quarter and t~tor in subsequent quarters fo r 
real money. Call or come by the Oasis office immediately for more 

information. 
. 

LOCATION: 250 MC 
PHONE: 452-3760 

WANTEd 
DAVID BOWfE CONCERTI Choice floor seats 
al best prices In SO. Call U8 IIrsl . 27(}.7855. 
(212) 

Ford '62 Falcon , reblt 6 cyt , auto, 2 dr. good 
transportalion . $200. Calt 755-2322 . 11/16) 

Used or unused dry mount press for 
photographs Bill 755·5253 eves (1/12) 

Need texI tor Chem 143A· lnlo to modem 
e.perimental Organic Chemistry by Roberts 
call Cindy 27(}'5253 (1 /12) 

WANTED : Fairly clear lec ture notes for Bio 
114 on HH6 will pay $5·10 cat! 452-0246 or 
486-6627 (1 /14) 

MechaOic to take engine out and put back in 
62 Rambler. Catt Lloyd nights 481·9314 
(1112) 

BOOK. Calculus and Analyt ical Geometry 
By. RODIN 270·8761 (1112) 

Need ext'ra cash? BUYing old U.S. COinS . Also 
buymg U.S. silver coins minted belore 1965 
Ken 453·7924 . (3/12) 

Desperate student needs lemporary home tor 
dog $15 a month, an 0 t wit! feed and 
e.ercise him , 756-3479. (1/ 12) 

1975 Tolkein calendar can be used but 
pic tures must be In good condition. $2 .50. 
Call 452·8996 Warren . (11 12) 

Tutor needed for Blochem t 44. Must lli've 
gotten A or B in course , 2-3 hrs/wk. Can 
work out pay. 452·9806. (1/12) 

Need tu tor for t40A. Need to have gotten an 
A or B in the class . Earn e.tra money. 452· 
9806. (1112) 

Marijuana related research . Healthy males 
21-35 10 live In hospllat 26 cons days pays $. 
(213)825·0094 . (212) 

BEER 

LOST at FOlJNd 
FOUND · Many wishes for a fine yeN. If we 
try, we can make It. 

Good Lucl<, David T. (1/12) 

FOUND: Keys by the HL LIbrary. Come toTI 
office. Describe them and they're yours. .. 

LOST: Sliver plaled Dunhlll lighter rewa'" 
call 45~0597 (1/ 12) 

LOST: Historia De La Lengua (Rafael Lapesa) 
In USB 2722. Reward for retum . Contact Ann 
452·9980. 

" Annie" Gold chain choker . Around sand 
votteyball courts . Return to IT office please

' (1112) 

LOST. Historia de la Lengua (Ralael Lape .. ) 
In USB2722 . Reward . Contacl Ann 452·9980 
(t 1(2) 

LOST : 1 bag from UC Bookslore wlbooic' 
IrOf11 lit 127 and sundries. Reward (I ha", 

receipt . 45~8123 (1/12) 

LOST Brown ptaid jacket in HL1438 MWed. 
Jan . 7. Please return 10 Triton Times office 
(1/12) 

LOST-keys In a red ptastic pouch . Reward no 
questions . Mark Troll 755·5473 x2819 (1/12) 

LOST·one aged men 's jacl<e1. Lined. App. 
Dec 10 452·3210 and leave message lor Gooll 
(1/12) 

TRAVEl 
CarpoOl anyone? Mira Mesa to UCSO Is too 
long to go alone, eh? Ptease call11lrry at~ 
4440. Thank youl (1 /12) 

PERSONALs 
WANTED : Fairly clear leclure notes tor BIO 
t 14 on 1·8·75 will pay $5·10 call ~52-024& 0< 
466-6627 (1112) 

WINE 

. PIZZA RAVIOLI 
MANICOTTI SALADS SANDWtCHES VEAL 

Phone: 481-9888 
Italian Delicatessen & Restaurant 

1011 Camino del Mar. 

MONDAY NIGHT 
" SPECIAL" 

Del Mar, Ca, 92104 

HOURS 
5ot -5 - 12 pm 
Sun-5 - 11 pm 
Man-5011 pm 

Tues- ll - 11 pm 
Wed- Il - 11 pm 
Thurs- 11 - 11 pm 

Fri- 11 . 12 p m 

Spaghetlt , Salad & Garlic Bread $1 .25 

I'ilcher of Be r - 99 cents 
,/, Ll fr e of W i n e - 99 cenls 

MtJuday, January 12, 1976 l riloll • i 11M'S 

Gebhart Leads Women to 
Fourth in A'II Cal Tourn_ey 

ByRonKato 
Staff Writer 

w~ UCSD hosting the 1'976 
Women's All Cal basketball 
tournament, five other UC 
representatives (Berkeley, Davis, 
Irvine, Riverside, and Santa Cruz) 
were in town last week to par-
ticipate in the two day festivities 
which began on Friday. The 
Tritons finished fourth in , the 
tourney with UCD winning the 
championship. 

Opening round victories were 
recorded by Berkeley, Davis 
(narrowly defeating Irvine 39-35), 
and San Diego placing these three 
teams into the winner's bracket 
with Irvine, Riverside (losers to 
Berkeley 60-46), and Santa Cruz 
(50-16 victims of the Tritons) in the 
consolation round, 

Game one of the winner's 
bracket scheduled for later that 
Friday night saw Davis go up 
against Berkeley. Fatigued from ' 
their earlier game completed six 
hours earlier, Berkeley was 
outhustled on both ends of the court 
as the Aggies from Davis shot 46.6 

CHARTERS 
SAVE UP TO WI. in '76 

EUROPE from'219 * 
2-3-4·5-6 up to 24 wks. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 915 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEA 1S on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 
O.r r_II "-tJ ,. _II. 

291-8141 

. 'D-liei:l! 
.. "".., [ ~ "'''f ' 

Mo ...... Volloy-f~ Bldg 
1333 Camino _I Rio South 

S.D .. CA 92101 
• Minimum fore which nlft de-
pendent on dot. & length of flit • • 

Freshman forvvl;lrd . Carol Gebh.art is fouled by UC Davis' 
Carol Harrison as s he tries a jump shot from the 
baseline . Gebhart helped the Tritons to a fourth place 
finish -in the All -C al Tourney . ITT Photo : Bill Brooks) 
percent from the field to 24.6 
percent for Cal Davis, backed by 
the shooting of Carol Harrison and 
Pam Spangler, won 89-43 despite 
the 22 point perfonnance by Cal's 
Andrea Seyffert. 

Davis, needing only a victory 
over UCSD to clinch the tour-
nament title, came on strong 
defensively while their shooting 
percentage tapered off as the 
Aggies won 40-22. 

It was not until 11 : 09 into the first 
half that UCSD scored its first 
point on a free throw by Lisa 
Stewart. Hampered by six three-
seconds-in-the-key violations, the 
Tritons were able to score only 
nine points at the half. However, 
UCSD played surprisingly ex-
cellent defense to contain the of-
fensively explosive Aggies to only 
21 points. Fresbrnan forward 
Carol Gebhardt scored six points 
and grabbed nearly half of the 
teams' rebounds to lead the Tritons 
in both departments at halftime. 

In the second half if was Debbie 
Robertson and reserve forward 
Ann Carrington who combined for 
thin striking distance. Aided by 
four baskets to keep the Tritons 
within striking distance, Aided by 
two UCSD turnovers Davis then 
went on a 10-1 scoring spree led by 

Nancy Evers to put the game on ice 
for the Aggies. 

The Tritons, having played 
Davis only three hours earlier 
came back onto the court to play 
Berkeley to determine the second 
place finisher behind Davis in the 
tournament. Obviously per-
forming below par from their 
previolls performances, the 
Tritons game plan was hampered 
by numerous turnovers. Cal, led 
by the scoring of Colleen Lim, 
Lynn Obendorf, and Seyffert 
routed UCSD 73-30. High scorers 
for the Tritons were Carrington 
(10), Gebhardt (six), and Marla 
Ross (eight). 

In the consolation bracket, it was 
Riverside handing Irvine its 
second straight loss 46-34 in the 
first game. In the second game, 
though, led by junior Karen 
Froyd's 21 points, Irvine placed 
five players into double figures on 
its way to a 90-16 win over Santa 
Cruz. Santa Cruz, held to a total of 
only 32 points in their first two 
games, was humiliated even 
further when Riverside was vic-
torious by the score of 7H in the 
final consolation match. 

Final standings: Davis (3~), 
Berkeley (2-1) , Riverside (2-1), 
San Diego (1-2), Irvine (1-2), and 
Santa Cruz (0-3 ). 

v.c. saCONTEMPORARY+ 
CHAMBER ENSEMBLE 

" 

directed by ARTHUR WEISBURG 
" . dazzling!" The New York Times 

thrilling - mWlt see" The Village Voice 
8:~O pm Saturday , January 1 7 

Mandeville Auditorium 
UCSD ST: 82.50 GA: 84.00 

INFO: 452-4090 TICKETS: UCSD Box Office 

Dc San Diego pre 
Joseph Chaikin's production of 

'eleCTRA' 
written by Re6eId ~ , 

" a most important eve,,," The Village Voice 

UCSD Box Office 452-4090 U D 4.00 

Page7 

Sports Notebook 

Just What We Need 
According to their line of 

thought, pure ability is not enough. 
For the UC San Diego basketball 
team to be consistently successfuJ, 
it needs something else. 

Yes, a pep band. 
Headed by Currie Munce, John 

Pearis, and Jon Turner , a group is 
presently out hunting for people to 
form a Triton pep band, which 
could play at UCSD basketball 
games. 

We've had good luck getting 
people so far," says Munce, but 
alot of them play the same in-
struments. What we need are some 
in the trombone, baritone, and 
drum departments." 

by Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

Bob Moss 
A meeting has been set for tomorrow night at 6 pm in the rec gym 

conference room, for all who are interested in pep banding ... 
As UCSD's basketball squad prepa res for the opening of the conference 

season, it is in a cautiously realistic mood. 
With five players lost to the scholastically ineligible list, the team 

knows that it won't be overwhelming a nyone with size and strength. 
Instead, the Tritons will go with quickness and passing, in an effort to 

offset what will probably be a height and experience advantage to most 
confe rence opponents. 

6'7" junior center Lyle Smith, though lacking in varsity playmg time, 
will certainly be as quick as any center he will face. UCSD also has as 
quick a pair of guards (Mal Mitchell and Ken MelVin ) as any team in the 
area. 

The Tritons will have one of its toughest conference tests early, 
meeting league favorite Cal Baptist Saturday night in the main gym, in 
the NAIA District 3 opener. Tip-off time will be 8 pm, right'after the 6 pm 
JV game .. . 

" It 's hard to believe, but just when the Psychology of Sports Officiating 
class has the most to offer, we're having a lack of enrollment," says the 
teacher, Bob Moss. 

Moss is offering the course at two times , Monday and Wednesday at 11 
am, and Tuesday and Thursday at 10 am. 

It 's this simple," he says. " I've got the most dynamic class on campus. 
Not only does it teach self-confidence that can be applied to everything 
and be used for a lifetime, but it can help you get some money 
refereeing. " 

Moss says that he doesn 't remember a time in recent years when there 
we re as many off-campus refereeing jobs available as the present. 

At the moment, hanging above his desk, Moss has a list of off campus 
baseball, basketball, and volleyball offiCiating jobs, that are open now. 

" It's good money, and my class is the first step." 
The Triton female swim team, clad in what coach Diana Dann calls 

thei r " bicentermia l colors," has a pair of home meets this week. 

The first is tomorrow at 3 :30 agains t UC Irvine and the second i 
Friday, at 5 pm, against Pomona College. 

Coach Dann wants people to come out and spectate, and if they're 
anxious to do some work , she is also looking for some timers ... 

Two more intercollegiate team meetings are this week: surfing 
tomorrow at 8 pm in P&L 1117, and sailing Thursday, 7 pm in the main 
gym classroom ... 

The Triton baseball squad opens its 1976 season with its first practice, 
this afternoon on Matthews Field ... 

In the pros ... the Mariners are finally home for two matches, Thursday 
against Mirmesota and Saturday against Denver. Both games start at 
7:30 ... 

pacific honda 
CASH DL COUNT. 

o THE 

'76 CVCC HOMJA 
AUTOMOBILE & ACCEs ORIE 

TO D TUDE T AND FA LTY 

D£MO STU 
4697 

(W/I.D.) 
EAT 565-8022 
GE FOR YOUR 

RIDE 0 DISCOUJ T 
VOY 'TREET 



Flnanl:ial Aid AvaHable 

Financial Aid and 
Undergraduate Scholarship 
Applications for the 1976-77 
academic year are now available 
at the Student Financial Services 
Office. 

All students who anticipate 
needing financial assistance next 
year must apply prior to January 
15, to assure priority funding. For 
students who have completed a 
preliminary application, the al>-
propriate forms will be sent out 
through the mail. Newly applying 
students may pick up forms at the 
respective college financial of-
fices. 

State Farm Offers Fellowships 

Fellowships are available from 
State Fann Insurance Co. for 
students in business or business-
related fields such as computer 
sciences, economics, mathematics 
and pre-law. Students must have 
demonstrated exceptional 
leadership on the campus or in the 
community and be enrolling for 
either their senior year of un-
dergraduate school or first year of 
graduate school in the fall of 1976. 

Applications are available from 
the Office of Graduate Studies and 
Research. Deadline for applying is 
February 28. 

Task Force of Human Care 

A citizen's task force has told the 
City Council that failure to provide 
immediate support toward 
maintaining downtown social 
service agencies " now raises the 
alarming possibility that many 
social agencies may not survive 
long enough to be a part of the 
future Central City." 

In its report, which will be 
presented to the Public Services 
and Safety Committee on January 
21, the Task Force addressed the 
need to retain human care a:1d 
social services within the Central 
City adequate to meet the needs of 
the present population, the 
agencies' accessibility to the entire 
metropolitan community and the 
need to plan and to implement a 
plan providing for the com-
prehensive delivery of social 
services to future Central City and 
metropolitan area populations. 

Election Reform Qies 
A " reform" measure that would 

shift the June primary to the first 
week in September, while students 
are not on campus, died for lack of 
a motion in the Assembly Elections 
and Reapportiorunent Committee 
last week. 

The measure, Assembly Bill 
1378, was introduced by Assem-
blyman Walter M. Ingalls (0-
Riverside ) . 

Although several issues were 
raised in the committee's review of 
the bill, the "student problem" was 
the major focus of discussion. The 
intent of the bill, according to 
Ingalls, was to cut back the lengthy 
campaign period which stretches 
over 10 months between filing date 
in February and the general 
election the first part of November. 

Opposition to the measure was 
voiced by UC student lobbyist 
Judith Samuelson who stated that 
"the majority of students register 
at their campus address. Since the 
University of California campuses 
do not convene until the end of 
September or the beginning of 
October, in order to participate in a 
September primary election a 
student would have to make a 
special trip to campus or apply for 
an absentee ballot." 

The cost factor of adding on 
another major election date in 
California was also a major con-
cern of the committee. 

Consumer Conference 

Plans for a statewide consumer 
advertising conference will be 
discussed at a meeting of the 
California Consumer Advisory 
Council, this Wednesday. 

The nine-member statewide 
council advises the State Depart-
ment of Consumer Affairs . Of the 
members who represent labor, the 
legislation, business and the 
public, two are from San Diego. 
The San Diego members are at-
torney Mike Bollman and labor 
leader John Lyons. 

Councilman Leon Williams will 
host the discussion which will be 
open to the public. The meeting 
will be located in the 12th floor 
conference room of the City 
Administration Building and is 
scheduled for 2 pm. 

and fire stations. UCSD, Pettus 
said, would probably be grouped 
with schools as a lower priority 
area. 

1bree Emergency SltuadoDS 

The SDG&E proposal came at a 
Public Utilities Commission 
(PUC) hearing to elicit recom-
mendations for an emergefl(!Y 
energy plan that the State has 
required the Commission to 
develop. Pettus said that "the 
emergency energy plan will have 
to deal with three emergency 
situations: a natural disaster that 
causes interruption of energy 
distribution, the inability of public 
utilities to obtain fuel as the result 
of an oil embargo, and any short-
ages created by an insufficient 
capacity of the utilitie.s to prO<!.uce 
power. It's virtually impossible to 
develop a contingency plan that 
will deal with all emergency 
situations. A number of factors 
determine the effectiveness of a 
plan: the nature, severity and 
duration ofthe crisis," Pettus said. 

Only Practical Approach 

Though he feels that the SDG&E 
plan is not the best possible one to 
deal with an emergency situation, 
Pettus conceded that SDG&E's 
proposal is the only practical 
approach that they can suggest. 

Ideally, Pettus said, each home 
or institution would have two 
energy lines leading to it so that the 
utility company could allow for 
certain energy uses to continue 
during an emergency situation and 
cut others off. However, Pettus 
said, instituting such a system 
would be a major undertaking and 
is infeasible at present. 

Conservation Now Crucial 

Pettus said that he largely 
agrees with the position of the San 
Diego Energy Coalition that "if we 
conserve our energy resources now 
we can head off an energy shortage 
in the future ." Pettus said, though, 
that the Coalition hasn't dealt with 
the problem of energy distribution 
in an emergency situation, 
something he feels could occure 
despite careful conservation of 
energy resources. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Communicat ions 190 will be 

o ffered Mondays, Wednesdoys a nd 
Fridays fro m 1-2 In BUilding F, room 
124 on Th ird College. The I n-
structor w il l be DaV id Sud low. Fo r 
In formo tlon ca ll Brenda Collt ns a t 
X44 10. 

r lllllllllllllllllllll 1111111111 111111111111 III 1111111111111111111111111111111 1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItlllltllII 1II1111111:"tIIl(lIIll11l11ll11l1~ DUSTiN HoffMAN JON VOIGln , i iN i 
· MidNiGhT Cowboy I 

MANdEVillE CENTER Sponsored by I 
Disabled Students Union 

TUES., JAN l' 8:00 pM 452-4091 CPB i 

\!!z1~1~~I;IIII!II~IIIII~!IIII~I~I~1I2!.!lil~;III~I~III~I!lIIel~?[.1I1I1II11II1II1II1111111111111111111111111111~1~1~~!t"~,"~".P~ 
UHIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

UnIQUe one ot the best ,all K E I TH 
P,lIn,sts vou' lI ever hear • 

ROLLING STONE JARRET 11411,16 
')tkk~T uesZ) 9'1'" 

KEITH f:30p_ 
JARRET 

,--.-3 Ue..Sz, St, tUb, 
14,50 t;,/l~N~~:~OOO 

T,: kets TI KETRON OUTLETS.UCSO BOX OFFICE 

Vets ••• 
veterans club or veterans group or 
what have you. What they 
essentially want to do is be a 
clearing house for infonnation for 
the campus ..... We're trying to give 
to this veterans group all the help 
we can to get them established and 
we're hoping that they do get 
established because they will be a 1 
help to veterans who do come in 
with problems," said Padilla. 

Monday, January 1%, 1976 

"I can do a lot of things for 
financial problems, but when the 
problems become academic or 
personal in nature then there 
really isn't anybody for them to 
tum to," stated Burger. 

In the near future the Office of 
Veterans Affairs will be sending 
out a letter to veterans concerning 
this new organization. 

f LSAT 
course beg inning soon 

for those who want to better scores 

For Info Call 222-6585 
-- - - _._---

/ / ,"'\ ..... -:::. -
,/ 1 J J 

___ ",' .~J 

", Headed for northern 
",/ California (or L.A., Burbani<, Long Beach, 

_-,'" Ontario)? Call your campus rep or PSA and 
, - - -: - - - - - - tell them y()~ wCjnt to buzz off. PSA gives you a lift. 

Because 
I I1eWI" knoll 

what}QJ're 
gcilYJto~, 

¢ 1971> Colo'ornlO Avocodo Adv,..,..y Boord. Newporl 8eoch Col ,' orn'" 

We'll send you a free booklet on Avocado Seed Growing 
if you'll send us 25¢ for handling and postage. Address it: 
Seed Growing , P.O. Box 2162, Costa Mesa, CA 92626. 
Allow 4-6 wks for delivery. Offer expires Dec. 31 , 1976. 

INSIDE EVERY 
CAUFORNIA AVOCADO 

THERE'S A fREE TREE. 
AND SOMEONE TO 

TALKU, 


