
Promises More Vetoes Organizatio~ 
Plans Se'rvices 
For Disabled 

Ford Assails Congress' in San Diego Visit 

by Laura Richter 
Staff Writer 

"California is a pace-setter, " 
says Brad Graff, new coordinator 
of Disabled Student Services, ~ile 
speaking about the recently 
developed positive attitude toward 
the physically handicapped. 
Formerly, he said, it was conunon 
to treat disabled persons specially, 
without considering that they, too, 
are human and have the same 
desires, goals, and ambitions as 
people with nonnally functioning 
bodies. 

After only its fifth week of 
operation, the Disabled Students 
Services is baving a firm impact 
upon student life at U~D. It was 
unofficially initiated last year by 
several administrators who found 
the needs and responsibilities of 
such a program to be vastly more 
extensive than they had an-
ticipated. It was at that time that 
they approached UCSD's Affir-
mative Action conunittee to seek 
funding for a part-time coor-
dinator. 

Graff had spent two years 
working with disabled students as 
a graduate intern at Grossmont 
CoUeae. His experience there 
allowed him to establish an idea of 
what actions should be taken to 
facilitate · the needs of disabled 
UCSD students. 

Graff is GraUfted 
The measures already taken are 

" gratifying," Graff said. 
_ Presently, a mobility assistance is 

provided for those who have dif-
ficulty getting to classes that are 
on opposite ends of the campus. 
Able-bodied students may 

ConUnoed on Page 10 

by Vera M.L Tedorov 
CommoDity Editor 

It wasn't exactly the most im-
pressive speech in US history. But 
Presidenf Ford 's not-so-
impressive speech drew an im-

Th e KGB Ch icken welcomes 
President Ford to San Diego . The 
Chicken dre w the biggest crowd 
response of anyone appearing at 
Ford 's Sunday campaign stop in La 
Mesa . (IT photo: Nathan Meyers) 

pressive crowd ~ 25,000 - the 
largest political gathering in San 
Diego's history - to Grossmont 
Center last Saturday night. 

Although Ford arrived a half 
hour late, the anxious crowd was 
pepped up by a group of " stars" 
which included Peter Graves, Rod 
McKuen. Zsa Zsa Gabor, H~gh 
O'Brian, Shirley Babashoff, Joe 
GaraglOla, the Serendipity 
Singers, and the KGB chicken. 
Johnny Grant, seen for years on 
Los Angeles television, served as 

announcer and led the crowd, at 
one point, in a rather inappropriate 
cheer of " four more years." One 
San Diego newscaster was heard 
commenting, " He's got the spirit, 
but he's awful." 

The crowd barely tolerated the 
Jntroduction of several local 
dignitaries. They cheered for San 
Diego Mayor Pete Wilson and were 
polite during his speech, but 
heckled La Mesa Mayor Paul 
Fordham's lengthy address. Relief 
finally came when Congressman 
Bob Wilson stepped up to introduce 
the President. 

" We Want Ford" 
Ford stepped to the podium amid 

cheers of " we want Ford" and 
fingers held up in victory V's. Ford 
was rather hoarse from his 
strenuous last.minute cam-
paigning when he began to speak, 
giving the expected thanks to the 
audience and dignitaries, and 
mispronouncing three names to the 
amusement of the crowd. 

Ford invited the crowd to " come 
to Washington next January for the 
inauguration of Gerald· Ford and 
Bob Dole," continuing, "I won't 
concede a single state, I won 't 
concede a single vote . The 
fordlDole ticket will win in 
California. " 

Ford said, "I have and will 
support a continuing policy of 
limited government, fiscal 
responsibility, military strength 
and peace in the world. I say with 
pride, not a single young American 
is dying on foreign soil tonight. I 
convinced Congress in 1976 that 
they should stop slashing, stop 
gutting the defense budget ... the 
result is America is number one." 

Ford continued, "I am an op-
ponent of a defense cut of $5 

Scientists Debate Genetics. 
Research Containment Question . 

by Joel C. Don 
Associate News Editor 

Can recombinant DNA rese·arch 
be contained? This question has 
spurred Ute controversy among 
many individuals who compare the 
dangers of genetics engineering 
technology with the potential risks 
of operating a nuclear power 
reactor. . 

The National Institutes of Health 
(NIH), in order to deal with the 
issue of biohazardous containment, 
published a set of regulatory 
prescriptiions and guidelines for 
recombinant DNA research in 
Sept: 1976. Containment of 
biohazardous research is an 
essenUaI precautionary measure 
in the minimizatlon of the risks of 
releasing potentlally dangerous 
organisms into the environment. 

In essence, the NUl scientists 
outlined the procedure for 
biological containment on a scale 
of PI (least hazardous) to P4 (high 
risk), in the construction of 
bi ohazardous containment 
fa cilitiel. UCSD il currently 
planning a facility at the NIH 
de ignation ft P3, or moderately-
highriak. 

Explicitly, the objective ft the 
guidelines is the "protection ft 
I boratory workers, the general 
public, and the environment from 

infection by possibly hazardous 
agents that may result from 
recombinant DNA research." 

Inadequate Containmeot 
L. Douglas. DeNike, a 

psychologist specializing in the 
study of scientific hazards, argues 
that the NIH guidelines do not 
provide adequate containment for 
biohazardous research. In an 
evaluation of the potential 
dangers, DeNike suggests the 
following problems: 

-lack of governmental 
regulations ; the NllI guidelines 
only apply to NIH-sponsored 
research, with the only penalty for 
disregarding the guidelines being 
IQSS of NIH funding support. 

-no consideration of insurance, 
which DeNike suggests could not 
be written by an private insurer. 

-lack of protection against fire, 
power failures, floods, earth-
quakes ,tornados, etc. 

-lack of security to prevent theft 
or abuse in the facility, and the 
subsequent misuse of biohazar-
doua material. 

-the risk of an uncontrollable 
health disaster. 

The controversy over whether a 
facUity can be fully contained is a 
prominent question of debate 
among the factioned acientistl. 
However, as an eumple. DeNike 

cited the problem that many 
professionals have had over the 
years in the protection of the public 
against radiOisotopes and 
pesticides. DeNike also related the 
problem of theft to the nuclear 
power plants, where radioisotopes 
have been stolen in the past. 

Inflammatory Claims 
John Abelson, associate 

, professor of chemistry at UCSD, 
argues that DeNike 's claims are 
inflanunatory and do not.consider 
the specific type of research to be 
conducted. 

Abelson will be one of the 
scientists associated with the 
biohazard containment facility at 
UCSD. His work involves the 
nucleotide sequencing ~ DNA 
structures, and he stated that 
recombinant DNA technology will 
greatly increase our knowledge of 
the structure and function of genes. 

Abelson insists that the dangers 
are limited, because of the NIH 
restrictions and much of the time, 
recombined genes will not be 
expressed. Abelson added that 
" we're lucky if we can get them 
(recombinant organisms ) to 
grow." 

He agrees with DeNike's concern 
over the jwisdiction of the NIH 
guidelines and said the guidelines 

oaUaued OD P Ie 10 

billion," explaining that the nation 
needs developments like the B-1 
bomber , ship construction, 
military research and modern 
def.e ns e plants. Again the 
President emphasized, "America 
must s tay nwnber one." 

Pres ident Ford also spoke about 
his domestic accomplishments 
saying, "This nation is sound, this 
nation is secure, this nation is on its 
way to a better life. My ad-
ministration has been straight-
forward and will kecp it that way in 

when he said, " Jimmy Carter has 
told the American people that the 
US is not respected anymore. This 
week America made a clean 
sweep of t he Nobel Prizes. This is 
the first time in history one country 
has brought home this honor. That 
doesn't sound like a second rate 
nation to me." 

Ford closed his 17-minute speech 
by saying, "Give me your mandate 
and I will lead this nation on a path 
of peace and strength. For 
America , the future is a friend. 

President Ford giues the famous lJictory sign to a highly enthusiastic crowd at 
Grossmont Ce nte r Sunday . (IT photo : Nathan Me yers] 
the next four years. My aGo God helping me, I will not let you 
ministration has earned public down." 
trust these last two years." ____ _______ _ 

Ford Promises More Vetoes 
He said his 64 vetoes have helped 

stop runaway growth and a 
runaway budget. He has " saved 
hard" to return $200 per family in 
taxes and save 9 billion. Ford 
'promised "more (vetoes ) if the 
next Congress is as bad as this 
Congress." 

Ford stated, " we don't need a 
govenunent to tell us what we can 
do or can't do. Five out of six jobs 
are in the private sector .. . I have 
cut inflation by 50 percent in the 
last two years, and created four 
million new jobs, I pledge we will 
do better in the next four years." 

Ford's only reference to his 
opponent Jimmy Carter came 

/ 

Another 
Candidate 
Begins Term 

(CPS) - Eddie Collins, the nudist 
candidate for President, exposed 
more than just his platform in front 
of the California state Capitol in 
Sacramento and chalked up the 
11th arrest of his political career. 

Standing naked beside a fountain 
in a traffic circle, Collins was in-
terrupted by state police officers 
one minute and 36 seconds after 
stacking his clothes on t he 
sidewalk and starting his talk. 

I 
Diego SuperlJlsor Lou Conde . in one of his freq uent confrontations 

oppo nent. Roger Hedgecock. (IT phuto: Bill Brooks) 

Elactlon SUPPlement 
Pllllli-8 

e torie 
Election 

n National 

e 1 76: Th 

tat and L cal 

ar J n 



..... 

letter to the ditor 
liBra 0, Jeff Fenton" 

My finIt reacti<>n to Jeff Fenton's commentary reprding "illegal 
alieni" (,M', OctoIle 13) was similar to the sentimepts we I80Il saw ex-
pounded in the pl~ ra fi Letters to the Editor criticlzJng Fenton's 
opinion. I, too, wisl to ring his red neck (or at Jeut knock some sense 
intotUm!). 

A somewhat divine revelation came unto me, however, even before 
thue Letten to the Editor appeared. I was sitting with some friends 
disc...mg the Issue at hand and reading two Ut 10 papers I had to correct 
that dealt with Fenton's conunentary (my students and I had discussed 
the commentary the day earlier and two of them decided the article 
deserved their own commentary). Both papers lucidly annihilated the 
few instances of logical thought present in Fenton's commentary. His 
inane conclusions had prodded them into thinking clearly and writing 
superbly. 

As the days passed and the uproar over the ~ommentary Incr:eased, my 
revelation seemed to make more and more sense. The calculatmg Fenton 
had purposely written a reactionary conunentary about the :'~lien 
threat" in the U.S. in order to bring attention to the problem and ml~te 
some thought that someday would end in a hwnane remedy to the 
problem. 

U Fenton had written his conunentary describing the problems these 
" illegal aliens" face daily, he would have received so!De casual ad-
miration for his thoughtfulness and humanity; but the ISSue would be 
quickly forgotten and the "aliens' .. plight would remain. Instead, he 
induced an uproar that I (and hopefully the rest of us) will never forget 
until the problem no longer exists. . , . 

I say Bnlvo, J eff Fenton. You are a genius for the ';O~ousness r~~g 
your conunentary provoked. You don't really believe m that fascIStIc 
commentary, do you? It was a calculated piece of fiction, right? rou 
really are human, aren't you, Jeff? 

I hope so. We may never know, but you will. 
STEVE SIMPSON 

WItAT's NEW§-
lifE AfTER dARk AT LA JOllA 

Book SJtop 

OPEN EVER)' NiGhT lJNTil 10 pM 
1122 WAll ST. NUR ThE POST OffiCE 

4~4-2197 
HOlik .. . B ook .. dlld M .. " , Hook., IIdHI t o !wt M" !1",illl' " dlld 

• (r"dti"" Cdfd .. Good VillI'" dllll (,ood Pdfkillg \\'I,' f( ' Illlwd ill 
to hun,,,, .. ",",pd .. 

Parking 
Students are Reminded 

"$" Parking Permits are Valid in YELLOW STRIPED 
Parking Spacel Only. (See Campul Map) 

Citationl .. e Illued for Illegal Parking. Familiarize 
Yourlelf with the Parking Regulationl . 

Parking 452-4223 or x4223 

EDUCATION 

Finance your college 
education without 
going br-Oke 
see pp. 373404 

BUYING ACAI 
t more 
mi le(,.~ 
out of your 
car-buying 
dolla r 
see PPI 
293-: 40 

SYLVIA 
PORTERS 

~~tONEy 
BOOK 

us. Foreign Policy Absent in In '76 
by T .D. Allman 

Pacific News Service 
It was nearly 16 years ago that John F. Kennedy, 

preparing his ina~ural address, told h~ speech 
writers, "Let's drop out the domestic stuff 
altogether." 

So Kennedy summoned up his vision of American 
greatness by referring exclusively to foreign policy 
in his most famous speech. In thpse days it was 
believed that the American dream could take care 
of itself. An American president's real task was to 
export the American way-to Vietnam, to the Congo, 
to Latin America in the Alliance for Progress. 

This year the situation is almost totally reversed, 
as the recent presidential debate on foreign policy 
demonstrated. Both candidates, recognizing that 
they have nothing to gain and much to lose by 
talking about far-off plac~s, attempted not to turn 

, foreign policy into the decisive ~ue of the cam-
paign, but simply to avoid mistakes. 

This did not prevent Gerald Ford from making his 
incredible gaffe about Soviet domination of Eastern 
Europe. But it explained why Jimmy Carter failed 
to slash at the jugular, even when the President had 
exposed it. 

Most striking in the debates was the absence, in 
both candidates' remarks, of the Promethean urge 
that dominated U.S. foreign policy for nearly three 
decades after World War II. 

Eighteen months after the final retreat from 
Saigon and Phnom Penh, the American global 
activism of tJie last quarter-century seems almost 
like a vanished dream. The country's major 
politicians recognize just how much the f!lood of the 
country has c~anged, and their rhetoric reflects it. 

The perils of campaigning on foreign policy issues 
in fact became obvious even during the primaries. 
The only other major Democratic phenomenon of 
the year, EdmundG. Brown Jr.,likeCarter,la~gely 
avoided foreign policy issues while addressing 
himself to America's evident need for internal self-
reassurance. • 

On the Republican side, the role of foreign policy 

was much greater, with a near majority supporting 
Ronald Reagan's call for a return to the absolutism 

. of the past. But the end result was the same. 
Americans instead are much more concerned 

about domestic problems-like the economy-and 
even personal problems, as this year's most 
emotional debate, abortion, has demonstrated. 
Abortion will probably turn out in retrospect to have 
been the non-issue the missile gap once was. But it 
is a fitting, indeed anatomical metaphor, for how 
American national concerns have turned inward. 

Why does foreign policy matter so little in the 
present campaign? On one level it is because much 
of the public is profoundly aliented from foreign 
policy issues by the U.S. defeat in Indochina, which 
shattered their faith in the morality of America's 
role in the world. 

But foreign policy also matters little because, 
whoever is in the White House next year, it already 
is clear what the broad outlines, and many of the 
specific details, of America's foreign policy will be. 

Detente will continue, even if called by another 
name. The allies will not be abandoned. U.S. policy 
in the Midwest will stay "even-handed" in com-
parison to what it once was. 

The next president will follow these policies for 
basically the same reason. The U.S. remains the 
world's single greatest power. But it is now equaUy 
evident that the excesses of Presidents Kennedy, 
Johnson and Nixon did not just ,manage to ex-
tinguish the fervor in America's view of the world. 
They also pushed U.S. foreign policy to a sense of 
the limits that constrain even the greatest of 
potiers. 

All this, of course, is a far cry from the foreign 
policy vision of Truman or Kennedy or even Nixon. 

For that reason, this already has been the most 
important foreign policy election In America since 
1948. For the very absence of a foreign policy debate 
reflects a new consensus. 

For the first time since the beginning of the Cold 
War, it now is the accepted political wisdom in 
America that it is the duty of the U.S. neither to 

Continued on Page 3 

Happlnea II PEANJT$ JURI FE 
in p.perhack-just in time 

There/Sa 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

MC aT Over 35 vears 
". pf ulMrience DAT Ind success for ChrIst, •• giving! 

LSaT Small Cla_ 
". Voluminous home ORE study materials 

CourSols that are 
. ARSB constantly updated 

DeAT 
CPAT 

T elM hciliti •• for 
review. of cl_ 
ItaOn. and for u. 
of supplementary 
mat.rials 

FLEX Make-up. for ECFMG mi~ I ..... n. 
NAT'L MED BDS 

SAT- VAT 
SAN DIEGO CENTER 

Branch. in major US citlee 
lind Switzer'and 

Wednesday, OctoberZ7, 1876 triton times 

Commenta 
UFW Takes the Farmworkers' Cause to the People 

byibe 
Y 0IlDI SoclaUat AIlIaaee 

What strategy Is necessary to 
carrY the United Farmworken to 
victory in the Prop. 14 campaign, 
which would ensure free elections 
in the fields? 

It's the same strategy the UFW 
used In getUog Prop. 14 on the 
ballot to begin with - taking the 
cause of the farmworkers to the 

Letter 

people across the state where 
support for the campesinos is the 
strongest. A victorious strategy 
lies In the ability of the UFW to 
mobilize mau support throughout 
the state -like it did by gathering 
over 750,000 signatures in 29 days 
to put Prop. 14 on the ballot. 

We don't believe we can accept 
the empty promises of the 
Democratic and Republican 

parties, the same two parties that 
unleashed the racist Migra 
(lmmigration Service) on fann· 
workers and sabotaged the funds 
for the Agricultural Labor 
Relations Board. In fact, these are 
the same parties that conspired to 
exclude farmworkers from 
protection under the National 
Labor Relations Act (guaranteeing 
the right of workers to organize)-
which makes Prop. 14 a necessary 
campaign for the elementary right 
of farmworkers to choose their own 
union. 

Communist Position Clarified But political action on the 
electoral level can also be used to 
strengthen the political power of 
the UFW. We believe working 
people should have a party of labor 
based on unions like the UFW. This 
would be an effective way for 
farm workers, and working people 
in general, to represent ourselves 
politically in the daily struggles 
against big business, growers and 
their representatives, the 
Democrats a~ Republicans. 

In the article entitled "Election 
'76 Debate" (Oct. 15) the Triton 
Times has presented a distorted 
version of statements I made in the 
debate as a spokesperson for the 
Communist Party (I am not a 
member of the party as the 'IT 
alleges). I would like to be given an 
opportunity to clarify the positions 
I took on certain of the issues. 

First, I am quoted as saying that 
under socialism "present fascist 
power would be dissolved ... I never 
said this. It is clear that the current 
regime in the U.S. does not assume 
a fascist form. ' 

Secondly, contrary to what 
might be inferred from the TT, my 
point in disassociating the 
American Communist Party from 
the CP of the Soviet Union was to 
emphasize that the CPUSA Is a 
party thoroughly Indigenous to the 

Foreign Policy ... 

United States. The essence of 
Socialism Is always the expansion 
of democracy to include the 
working class, women, and 
nationally oppressed peoples. 
Needless to say, this process takes 
different forms in different lands. 
The Soviet revolution has been 
conditioned by the experiences of 
civil war, Nazi Invasion and the 
threats of u.s. imperialism. 
Fortunately, the possibility of a 
more peaceful transition to 
socialism exists in the U.S. 

What is needed is a united, anti-
monopoly front forged by civil 
rights, labor and peace movements 
and involving millions across the 
country. A vote for CP candidates 
Gus Hall and Jarvis Tyner would 
be a step in this direction. . 

STEVEN KEIFFER 

Similarly, another big step would 
be a party based on the special 
oppression faced by Chicanos (the 
overwhelming majority of fann-
workers in the southwest) like 
the Raza .Unida Party (RUP), 
which is running candidates in 
opposition to the Democratic and 
Republican parties in different 
areas of the country. 

We are the Socialist Workers 

police the world, nor to redeem it. The limits of only lose, whatever he did. So he did nothing. And 
the silence from the Carter camp confirmed the 
President's judgment. 

American foreign policy is now clear. 
American idealists may no more like the fact that 

America no longer is the missionary of democracy 
than American jingoists like the idea that the 
Panamanians eventually will get their canal. But 
the 1976 campaign has proven that most Americans-
·and hence the most astute of their leaders-now 
accept all this, even when they do not like it very 

As' both candidates virtually conceded in their San 
Francisco debate, whoever wins in November,the 
next four years will likely see not only full 
diplomatic recognition of the People's Republic of 
China and Vietnamese admission to the U.S., but a 
communist Vietnamese ambassador in Washington 
as well. much. . 

The real m~sure of the new American fQreign 
policy consensus came recently in New York, at the 
United Nations. After vaguely threatening to veto 
Vietnam's application for membership, the Ford 
administration accepted a compromise that 

The reason, as both candidates' remarks on the 
issue of -Americans missing in action in Indochina 
demonstrated, is neither that the old animosities to 
the Vietnamese communists have been abandoned, 
nor that the U.S. is developing a new, more positive, 
policy toward Indochina. It is simply that the U.S., 
in Indochina as elsewhere, has little other choice. 

delayed the vote until after the elections. 
In brief, president Ford recognized that he could 

triton times 
David Elsen · E • ..:utlve editor 

Marl< Siadler· M .. aglng .... Ior 

Alan Russet l - N_. edKor 
Alec Nedelman - Auoclal. N_ edKor 

Vera T odorov • Community .cIIlor 

Ran Anbar • Opinion editor 

James G. Soto· Adftnlalnv Malll9* 

Becky DeVinney . P_lon m .. ege'r 

Wendell P. Ham!lton · Copy .cIHor 

Joel C. Don · AaltOCia'e ....... ltor 

Scott Sadil • Sport. editor 

Tim MacKenzie · Ana editor 

Bill Brooks· PhOIO .. 11Ot 

CIGARETTES 
u.so PER CARTON 
------
.., ... ,.. .... 1 I 

• w ...... • ..... ...... 
• No .......... lor Dll'a. 

1 .... -. 
• AI .......... . "_ 
..... J_-n-
-... ", .. - .... 
• MAl I • ", "-* 

w.. ............... . 
,.,.-... ~ ....... 
................... 
or ...., ... ~, _ 

c.o.o. 'It ...... , 

SOUTHERN TOBACCO 
)91 AIIIIIII A_ 

ConI 0IItIII, I'IodIII un .. 

,------------------------------------, 

The Triton Times Is published by ucsa students as an otficlal student ""wspepe r. 
Publication Is on Mondays . Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school )lear 
(""eepl on ollieial holidays) . Editorial ·and business ollices are localed In Ihe Studenl 
Center at the University of California, San Olego. For editorial. call 452·3466; lor business 
and display advertising . call 452·3468. 

Letters to lhe editor and opinion columns are welcomed. All submissions must be Iyped 
and doubl ... speeedon a 74-speee line. They should ~ ex~~ '! pages in length. 

Submitted material mUlt be. then_and student ldentilication number of IheauthOO . • 
Names can be withheld trom publication on request ; however the names will be held on li le 
for public Inspecllon . 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edll submissions because of space limitat ions or 
style requlremenls . 

En"re contents copyright 1976. the Triton Times. 

WHEN YOU 
ElO 

DRINK 

Party and the Young Socialist 
Alliance. Our organizations have 
picketed, marched and demon-
strated for the rights of cam-
pesinos throughout the country. We 
will continue to organize our 
supporters to actively participate 
in the Prop. 14 campaign. And we 
will continue this participation 
after November. Unlike Carter and 
Ford, we don't put conditions on 
our support. 

The Prop. 14 campaign is a test. 
Both sillF.5 are mobili7_mg. Full 
support and active participation 
must be given to the UFW to get 
out the vote to ensure a resounding 
victory . The Youn~ Socialist 
Alliance is sponsoring a forum on 
Prop. 14, on what is at stake for the 
fannworkers. We urge you to 
attend. It will be this Friday, in the 
North Conference Room of the 
Student Center. 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

University City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 

453-8030 

Member 01 F 0 I C 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla. CA 92037 

459-97 11 



Lessons 
. ~f.M1· Oaild • f'i""~ ;-p~ <fiOf$llli\t\\ • 

• '~<iion • l>obro • M~O· S\.ur.e • 
509 So. Hwy 101 Encinitas 

753·1775 

Where 
anything 

can happen ... 
and usually 

does! 

lIS .. 
Slals f". ·1Irte t.Ii . Pralrlll c.n.. 1n1l.·111111 hrps 
lmiI '" . lad Idle . tlarnu .. TM PillIII SOrs .lIiif1iJ 

1111111 ~ JOII ItIllllCll WISIt ~IIDllIU IIIIfHII .llIld ~I MltlAlI !tIIt1l 
hulltl ~IIIIIII$IIld WI 11l1li11 ·111111& ,. .. 111 Ipi'l ~ 

I a11Y11SlI nC1111 ntM'ltll" ~ ~ 
00 If!!.!. sound IliCk avaIlable excluslv~ on MeA R~cordS & ~ 

Ton ight At 6:00 · 8:00 · )0:00 P.M. 

Exclusive engagementl 

CPB Presents 

Saturday Niqht Films 

CPB Presents 

Also Showing 

"The Haunting" 

Julie Harris and Claire 
Bloom star In a moody study 
of terror in a monstrous 
decaying Victorian mansion 
that dominates the lives of 
four people. 

One Complete Showing 
Saturday Oct. 30 

7 :00pm 
$1.25 

Mandevllle Auditorium 

No Friday Night Films 

Swiss Clown/ Mime 
N04lemkr 6 1 :30 pm 

TII_da"'e Auditorium 
Stud ... t. U .50 

Gen_' Adm I .. Ion '4.50 
nclcet.: UC Son DIego BOJC Of/Ic. 452·4,15' 

triton times Wedoe day, October 27, 1976 

Steel eye Span Searches for Success 
by TIm Mackenzie 

ArisEdltor 

Steeleye Span is faced with 8 
minor cWemma that other suc-
cessful bands from England and 
Europe have also faced: how to 
spread their success to the u.s. 

The band is immensely popular 
in Japan, Australia, Asia and 
Europe, and lead singer Maddy 
Prior was proclaimed as 
England's number 1 vocalist by 
Melody Maker. The band reached 
number 3 in England with the "All 
Around My Hat" single, while the 
album of that title went gold in 
Great Britain also. Its success 
prompted further sales of earlier 
albums, causing Commoners 
Crown to go platinum. 

of their previous releases; Below 
. The Salt, Parcel of Ropes, Now 

We Are sa, AU Aroaad My Hat, 
Commoaen Crowa and the new 
Rocket Cottace show that Steeleye 
is bending and changing with the 
times. Some call it improvement 
while others say that they're 
"selling out". No doubt IOIDe 

change, not out of any obligatory 
feeling. We grow with change . 

"We've not actually forced 
anything. People have come up 
and said that we've changed a lot. 
It's a little bit louder and a little 
heavier and a bit more positive, a 
bit more rock and roll, I would 
say." 

Steeleye Span's quest for success 
in the States, though, differs from 
t)1at of other foreign bands. The 
main reason for that is the music. 
Steeleye is no ordinary, run-of-the-
mill rock band. Their mixture of 
ethnic English folk with rock is 
totally unique to American 
audiences. 

Steeleye Span 

Steeleye's recent U.S. tour 
(including stops in San Diego and 
Los Angeles) provided evidence 
that the band, even after seven 
years of existence, is far from 
musically stagnant. Examination 

Concert Scene 

elements of conunercialism have 
entered Steeleye's music, but is 
there anything necessarily wrong 
with that? Bob Johnson, the band's 
lead guitarist. attempted to answer 
some of the critics on last year's 
British tour. 

" It was a conscious thing on our 
part. We've always tried to 
change, because we wanted to 

Phoebe Snow to Appear Here; 
Harkins To Open Noon Series 

'Phoebe Show will headline a 
show this Monday at the San Diego 
Civic Theater. She has a new 
album out now called "Let There 
Be (Phoebe ) Snow." She was 
recently a nominee for " best 
female singer of the year" in the 
annual Rock Music Awards. 

·Tamas Ungar, visiting artist in 
residence at the UCSD music 
department has announced a 
Wednesday, noon luncheon concert 
series in the Mandeville center, 
beginning today. 

"The idea," Ungar explains, "is 
to give music students a chance to 
perform with faculty members and 
the public a chance to hear a 
variety of music in an informal 
atmosphere ... 

Seven trumpets led by Ed 
Harkins of the Music faculty will 
inaugurate the Wednesday lun-
cheon series today at noon in the 
Mandeville Ct'nter alcove, first 
Basement. The program includes 
works for 6 Trumpets and TImpani 
by Biber, Symphony In C Major 

IiII alerdlll . 
.lID 11_ CI. 

1:11. 

Steeleye's increased rock sound 
could be the big plus it needs to 
attract a larger American 
audience. With the release (i 
Rocket CoUBge . the band seems 
very optimistic about its future in 
the States. The next twelve montlL'! 
will see two more Steeleye Span 
tours, as well as television aJ>-
pearances on Mille Douglas, Rock 
Coocert and Midnight Special. 

Phoebe Snow 
For 4 Trumpets, and Altenberg's 
Concert for 7 Trumpets. 

·Dr. Brian Jeffery, author, 
performer and teacher will talk on 
The History of the Guitar Ia SpaIn 
tomorrow at noon in room 8210, 
Mandeville center. UaiD. 

Jeffery 1w performed as a solo 
guitarist and lutenist in London's 
Royal Festival Hall and has ac-
companied singers in concert tours 
of Europe. He has directed en-
sembles dedicated to the per-
formance of medieval and 
Renaissance music and was 
awarded the Oxford University 
Tovey Prize in 1974. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
There w ill be a Halloween Square 
Donee an Friday. Oct. 29. storting at 
8:30 in the Revelle Cafeteria. It's 
freel You don' t know how to 
square dance? Come anyway I 
We'll be hoving a great time. 
Sponsored by Trident Christian 
Fellowship. 

....., ....... 
c:MC nllAn.. _ "c" mal 

-.: .......... a .• .-._.a.. 
......... -._._·L .......... _ 

Wednesday, OctO ..... ft, 1171 

1978 Campaign·· 
Runnlna lor 

, 

Prasldanl and 
From Iha Issuas 

Jam and Jimmy 
Find lIa.ca 

.y be Dacldad 
BY 1 Mln··08ne 

triton times 
by Mark Stadler 
Managing EditOr 

The 1976 presidential campaign has proven to be 
the year of the non-issue. It has been a campaign 
marked by increased name-caWrg and mud-
slinging on the part of both President Ford and 
Jimmy Carter. It has been a campaign .that has 
virtually ignored the pressing needs of the country. 

The biggest non-issue is Carter's interview with 
Playboy Magazine. In it, Carter presented his views 
on a wide range of topics, from morality in 
government to multi-national corporations to sex. 
He admitted he has had lust in his heart for women 
other than his wife. 

It was this latter part that was seized upon by his 
opponents. 

~arter has also played this game. When it was 
revealed that Ford has played golf with powerful 
national lobbyists, this was made a major issue, as 
if national legislators never even talk with lob-
byists. 

Both candidates have resorted increasingly to 
hyperbole. Ford, during his recent tour through 
illinois, declared that " if you like Jimmy Carter you 
sure must like to pay taxes." 

Carter, for his part, says that " Republica.ns have 
been fighting against elderly people ever since" 
they 'opposed the initial Social Security program 
proposed by Frankin Roosevelt in the 19305. 

The increase in name-calling has been ac-
companied by a sharp drop in Carter's early lead in 
public opinion polls. The Gallup Poll taken after 

. both major party conventions-which is regarded as 
a fairly accurate indicator of the ultimate outcome-
placed Carter ahead with 49 percent , to Ford's 39 
percent, with 12 percent undecided. Since that poll, 
however, Carter's lead has shrunk to a few per-
centage points. 

The campaign is now considered a race down to 
the wire, with every state crucial to the final out-
come. Certain areas are naturally more critical to 
each candidate. The industrial Northeast is very 
important to Carter. The -Georgian must take a 
goodly portion of that traditionally-Democratic 
region if he hopes to win. 

For that reason he selected Minnesota Senator, 
Walter Mondale for his running mate. A strong 
liberal, Mondale has spoken mainly to traditional 
Democratic groups, like labor unions, blacks, 
chicanos, students and white eUmics. He has tried to 
convince those groups that Carter, who they per-
ceive as an untried outsider, is acceptable to their 
views. 

The plains states and the West are crucial areas 
for Ford. Unlike Carter, Ford doe6 not have a 

PageS 

natural power base from which to operate. While 
Carter starts with the assumed support of most 
Southerners, Ford has had to start from scratch, 
first to reconcile a Republican Party splintered by 
its emotional national convention, then to put 
together a winning coalition. 

He picked KaMaS Senator Robert Dole, popular 
with farmers and acceptable to Reagan con-
servatives, as his vice-presidential candidate, to 
shore up Republican voters in the Midwest. Dole 
has proven effective by stalking Carter, trying to 
get the Democrat to make tactical errors that could 
prove costtr with the voters. 

Several large states could be decisive in the final 
outcome. California, Dlinois, Ohio, Texas and 
Pennyslvania are critical to both candidates. 
Combined, the five states represent 150 electoral 
votes; and the contest is still tight in aU five . 

A third candidate like Eugene McCarthy could 
determine the winner in those states, and thus in the 
nation. The two to five percent that most polls give 
McCarthy could tip the final outcome in one can-
didate's favor. 

While personal character has been emphasized by 
the candidates, several issues have been stressed 
by both Carter and Ford. The most important issUE 
is the economy. Carter says the key to solvin~ 
America's economic woes is ending high unem-
ployment. Ford maintains that inflation is more 
important. 

The candidates are most sharply divjded on tax 
policy, Carter calls for tax reform to require rich 
people aJ)d corporations to pay more. However, he 
does not promise to lower taxes. Ford, on the other 
hand, makes a great point of reducing taxes if he is 
re-elected. 

During this final, frenetic week of campaigning, 
both candidates will try to elucidate those dif-. 
ferences to the voters. But, in the final analysis, it 
appears that Carter himself will be the determiner. 
Most voters are still undecided about him. Is he for 
real? Can he be trusted? Is his talk of love and 
morality mere posturing? 

Ford, for his part, is a known quality. He appears 
. as honest and well-meaning, as a person who will 

stand by his principles. And, everyone knows, those 
principles are middle class, Republican con-
servatism. 

It is much harder, however, to pin an easy label 
on Carter. He is liberal on some matters, con-
servative on others. His positions on the issues have 
not been firmly established in the voters minds. He 
is still regarded as an unknown quantity. 

Jimmy Carter will probably win, or lose, the 
election by himself. 

ELECTIO 76" 
At first, Jimmy Carter was going to win in a land-

sllde. President Ford was going to be the George 
McGovern of 1976. 

But since those early August days Carter's lead has 
shrunk considerably. And as the two candIdates gear . 
up for one final week of campaigning, the polls In- . 
dlcate ooly a o.egligible difference between them. 

Bearing this In mind, the Triton Times oHers the 
following articles on the three major caodldates. 
First, aD analysis of the Carter candidacy co~ 
centratlng on Its activities In CaUfornla, by Associate 
News editor Alec Nedelman. Following tbat, a story 
about Ford's tw.-pronged campaign by Community 
editor Vera M.I. Todorov. Third, an article about 
lodepeodent candldate McCarthy, the mao who could 
decide who is the next President, by Managing editor 
Mark Stadler. 

Jimmy Carter 

The time has come for voters all across the country 
to stop asking themselves "Who is Jimmy Carter?" If 
what he has done over the last twenty-two months has 
not told them, nothing he can do in the next week will. 

Ambiguity has become synonomous with Carter. 
There is much Carter might have done to remove this 
ambiguity in California. 

California is a state with a very popular 
Democratic governor. Its Democratic voters turned 
out in large numbers in the primary last June. Over a 
million more Democrats than Republicans voted. The 
Republican favorite son was beaten by Ford in a 
bitter primary 1eUOO. 

By all means it should be clear that Californians 
would be for Carter over Ford in next Tuesday's 
election. One month Blo Carter's lead in California 
looked Insurmountable. Today his lead has melted 
and pollster Mervin Field has shifted the state from 
the Carter to-the doubtful column. What has haJ>-
pened? 

The Carter campaign has failed to establish the 
graas-roots lIUpport that it needs to keep a lead in 
CaWornia. Jerry Brown won the primary with a 
highly organized political machine that utilized ex-
perienced poUtical operatives and brought large 
blocks of voters Into his camp. Carter has failed to 
bring in the key elements of the Alte's Democratic 
organization into his campaign. 

The CaUfornia campaign is being handled by Terry 
O'Connell, a 32-year-old Easterner who knows almost 
nothing about the peculiarities and intrica ies of 
California poliUcs. He had to spend September 
learning what was going on here. Meanwhile the 
Carter campaign sat idle while the Ford people were 

..busy organizing and campaigning. 

State Democratic Chairman Charles Manatt was 
cited in the Los Angeles TImes as having said that 
" he has never before seen a campaign in which the 
candidate's agents have shut everyone else out. " 
Carter has run his whole campaign this way. 

Carter should have trusted Brown to run his 
campaign here. It is the rule in California in the past 
that the California governor run the state campaign 
for his party's presidential candidate. Twelve years 
ago then-Gov. Pat Brown ran Lyndon Johnson's 
campaign in California and the governor's office 
literally became campaign headquarters . Press 
aides, appointment secretaries and several depart-
ment heads all joined the Johnson campaign. 

This year it appears as though the key people in the 
Jerry Brown organization aren't even aware of the 
presidential campaign. Although the Governor made 
some appearances for Carter, Brown has spent the 
majority of his energies working for Democratic 
candidates for the legislature and for the passage of 
Prop. 14, the Fannworkers Initiative. 

Californians need to know who Jimmy Carter is 
just like the rest of the country. A closer association 
with Brown would have given Carter the carry~ver 
identification he needs to win the support of the 
Brown primary voters. When Brown asks us to accept 
facts about the world we live in - that there are 
limited natural resources and that we can't expect 
government to satisfy all of our needs - we accept 
this much more readily than Carter's requests for us 
to accept that he would never lie. 

Before the June primary many Californians didn't 
take the time to get to know Carter. During the 
primary, for most, it came down to either being for or 
against Carter. Almost eighty percent of those that 
voted were not for Carter. 

After the conventions, when campaigning usually 
begins anew, it was announced the candidates would 
be debating on television. So this media-oriented 
state sat back and waited for the first debate to find 
out about Carter. To most that wo'lld be the start of 
the Fall campaign. And all the dtlbates seemed to be 
saying was that Carter and Ford were at least as '. 
intelllgent and decent as each olhe . 

The questions about Carter haven't been answered. ~ 
A closer tie with Brown would have helped Carter to 
win California, and utilized people who understand : 
and can motivate Californias. Thi is something the -. 
Carter organization has failed to do. ., 

Ge rald Ford " 
While Carter has spent most of his f deral funds 

already, President Ford has saved a good deal of his 
until now by remaining in the White House and acting 
"presidential." The result of this strategy is that tbM.. 

Cnntlnued on Page 7 



by Sua J.l.cI ... 
The race between incwnbent Lou 

Conde and his cball~lI8er Roger 
Hedgecock baa received much 
attention because of the numerous 
confrontations bctween the 
candidates. But. by looking beyond 
the personality clashes a definite 
picture bas wmerged ·of where the 
candidates stand on the major 
Issuu in the campaign: growth 
policies, air poUution and unem-
ployment. 

CGnde considers himself the only 
fiscal colL'!Iervative on the Board of 
Supervisors. In support of his 
claim he gives two examples of 

,how he has kept coWlty spending 
under control : the program 
evaluation-board which examines 
and streamlines county programs, 
and the transportation depart· 
ment. Conde claims credit for the 
establishment of both agenCies and 
says they have both saved the 
taxpayers much money. 

Hedgecock says he has no doubt 
that Conde is personally a fiscal 
conservative, but questions " that 
he has effectively translated his 
goals into government." 

Hedgecoc~ asserts th;lt, while 
Conde has served on the Board, 
(since 1972) the county 
bureaucracy has grown from 8000 
to 10,000 people and the county 
budget has increased. 

Hedgecock says he would ef-
fectively practice fiscal con-
servatism on the Board and says 
that property taxes can be cut by 
consolidating county services such 
as the fire departments and police 

-academies of cities in the county's 
Wlincorporated area. 

, 

JIedgecock also believes housing 
developments in the outlying areas 
of San Diego, where there are no 
existi!lg facilit ies, put an unfair tax 
burden on San Diego residents 
because they pay for the facilities 
that such developments require. 
"It's a rip-off from a tax and en-
virorunental point of view." 

Environmental concerns are 
what motivated Hedgecock to run 
for Supervisor. (Hedgecock was 
county chairman of the drive for 
the cOastal Initiative in 1972 , and 
was involved in the fights to :;ave 
Tecolote Canyon a nd liendrix 
Pond.) Hedgecock charges that the 
environment has deteriorated 
during the past three-and-one·half 
years because Conde and the other 
supervisors have been " rubber 
stamps t or development." 

Hedgecock's concern is t hat San 
Diego will become another Los 

if the Supervisors don't 
development in outlying 

..::::;- - ~-
-- .. -

-~~ .... / 
-- / I , I 

In 
BanIa 

areas. "I would encourage new 
growth through re-development 
and building in the central city. I 
would restrict residential growth 
to already existing urban areas," 
Hedgecock says. 

Conde denies that he is an ad-
vocate of sprawled growth. He 
blames urban sprawl on the city's 
restrictive building poliCies, which 
force developers into the outlying 
areas. For his part, Conde says he 
has actively soug~ to preserve 
open spaces in the county, citing 
such achievements as saving Ute 
Kemp Ranch and voting to pur-
chase Cal's Mountain as a regional 
p;uk. 

But Conde objects to the efforts 
of environmentalists, when they 
try to keep property owners from 
developing on their own land. " 
Conde believes there should be a 
balance between environmental 
protection and economu. He says 
the attempt of the Air Pollution 
Control board to put " unrealistic" 
standards on industrial pollution 
has threatened to drive out local 
industries like National Steel and 
Shipbuilding, Convair, Rohr and 
Solar. 

Hedgecock believes tha t stricter 
controls would not drive the 
companies out. He says in the 
sixties developers made the same 
complaint when the city began to 
clean up Mission Bay. " But the 
companies found they actually 
benefit ed from strong en-
vironmental controls, It he says . . 

Both candidates have made an 
issue of the other 's integrity. 
Hedgecock has charged that 
Conde's pro-development votes 
show he is acting on the behalf of 
developers who s upport him 
financially . Conde, and Nancy 
Bradshaw, an unsuccessful 
supervisorial candidate in June, 
filed a suit against Hedgecock for 
alleged campaign violat ions. 

On Sept. 25, a Superior Court 
Judge dismissed the charges as 
" politicking, It and assessed Conde 
and Bradshaw for court costs. 

In a furthe r development, 
Bradshaw was arrested Oct. 13 for 
allegedly illegally offering her 
political endorsement to both 
Hedgecock and Conde in return for 
money and a job. Bradshaw, who 
will be tried after the election, says 
" the establishment is after me 
because I'm a mover-and-shaker." 
Last Saturday she filed a write-in 
candidacy, saying. her arrest will 
give her greater name iden-
tification with the voters. 

triton times 

I SUrVaYOllrB8-D 
FtrIJ-InI 
_8111 ... 
• a. 

Accusing his opponent Bob 
Wilson of being an ineffective 
Congressman is the major issue f/. 
KiDI Golden'. campaign. 1be 
Democrat claims Wilson lip lost 
the effectiveness required of any 
good Conj(ressman. Golden asserts 

that Wilson has not only failed to 
increase employment in San 
Diego, but has also lost jobs by 
allowing large government con-
tracts vital to San Diego industry 
to go to other areas. 

One way Golden says he would 
ease San Diego unemployment is to 
vote for passage of the Rodino Bill, 
which, he says, would keep em-
ployers from hiring inexpensive 
illegal alien labor. 

He oppos es the Humphrey-
Hawkins full employment bill "at 
this time," because , he says, it 
doesn't include provisions telling 
how government employment will 
be financed·. He says he is not 
against making the government 
employer of last resort, .as long as 
financing fo r such a program is 
clearly delineated. 

Republican Bo~ Wilson . seeking 
a 13th term as Congressman, cites 
his experience and integrity as 
good reasons for his re-election. In 
answer to his opponent King 
.Golden's charges that he is not an 
effective Representative, Wilson 
claims to have brought $30 million 
in new contracts for San Diego, . 
including a $2·million grant to 
remodel the downtown Santa Fe 
Railroad Depot. 

Wilson says the economy has 
improved in the past year . He 
blames San Diego's high-over 11 
percent-unemployment rate on 
local government's " no-growth" 
policies . People are still coming in 
droves to Cali'ornia , he says, and 
"we will ha' ·e to continue to grow 
and expand to survive." 

He says he is opposed to Hwn-
phrey-Hawk ins, and other 
" massive" proposa ls to make 
government the "employer of last 
resort." 

On forei 'n policy, he says he will 
"continue to support programs 
based on peace through strength." 

ForI' ..... 
...--. 
... 

Republican incumbent Clair 
Burgener says, "There really is a 
difference between the party 
platforms this year, and likewise a 
difference between my opponent 
and I. It The major difference 
between the two candidates is how 
they propose to solve the problem 
of unemployment. 

Burgener believes the Hum-
phrey/Hawkins Full E~ployment 
Bill is "not the way to go, per· 
manently or temporarily. It He says 
, the bill flies directly in the face of 
free enterprise ... Notable in· 
stitutions such as Brookings 
Institute, predict the bill . would 
cause double-digit inflation." 

Burgener accuses Congress of 
"legislating results." He said the 
bill does not stipulate where the 
money will come from to create 

new jobs. He added, " Although 
both parties want the same for 

,Ametica .. . we must let free en-
terprise work; that will end the 
eight percent unemployment." 

Democrat Pat Kelly, in direct 
opposition to Congressman Clair 
Burgener, whom he is challenging, 
believes the "federal government 
should do something to stimulate 
jobs when the private seCtor fails." 

He says the Humphrey/Hawkins 
Bill is "not a money bill" but a 
piece of legislation that would go 
into effect if certain conditions in 
this country come to exist. 

Kelly says the under-
productivity of this country, 
amounting to a loss of over $U 
billion, is due to " too much 
government, too much big business 
and too much big labor." 

He asserts that, "although it is 
not wise for a candidate to come 
out on legislation (Hum-
phrey/Hawkins) before Its 
finalized, I favor it as it is 
currently written. We need a new 
representative in Congress who 
will solve problems by doing 
something other than voting 'no' on 
Issues," 

lIMY .... 
....... 
... 

State Senator Jack Scbrade is 
facing biB toughest re-election 
battle in· biB fourteen years 88 
Senator. A 74-year-old Republican, 
who has also served eight years in 
the state Assembly, Schrade feels 
his experience and the ~133 million 

in development monies he claims 
monies he claims to have brought 
to SItn Diego qualify him to serve 
another term. 

Schrade responds to opponent 
Bob Wilson 's charge that he has 
retired on . the job by saying his 
effectiveness lies in the funds he 
has brought to his diStrict and the 
" bad bills he has killed" rather 
than the amount of legislation he 
has authored . Schrade says that if 
all Wilson's bills had passed, it 

. would have cost the taxpayers $498 
million. 

To Wilson's charges that 
Schrade has accepted con-
tributions from special interest 
groups, Schrade responds by at· 
tacking Wilson for the con· 
tributions he has accepted from 
Sacramento lobbyi~ts . 

Assemblyman Bob Wlls~ is 
campaigning vigorously to unseat 
state Senator Jack Schrade. 
According to opinion polls-which 
show the 33-year~ld Democrat 
ahead-Schrade is going to have 
difficulty keeping his position. 

The major issues of this knock-
down, drag-out campaign are age, 
legislative record and campaign 
contributions. Wilson has accused 
Schrade of " retiring on the job," 
and supports his charge with 
records indicating the Senator 
introduced the fewest bills in the 
state Senate last year. 

Wiison holds up his record in the 
Assembly as a contrast, citing as 
evidence of his effectiveness bills 
he has introduced dealing with 
mobile homes, tax relief for senior 
citizens and control of public 
utillties' profits. 

Wilson has tagged Schrade with 
the label of " legislator who is for 
sale," contending that Schrade 
represent" only the wealthy and 
peeial inte rest groups. 

triton times PIlge7 

Saakars Candidates Maka EaCh OIher ilia Issue In Call1Umla senale Raca 

Republican incumbent Bill 
Craven says he was "a fiscal 
conservative long before Governor 
Brown acted as though he 
discovered it. It 

He favors limiting the current 
property tax system to only sup-
port property-related local ser· 
vices. He says other costs-such as 
welfare and education-should be . 
financed by a locally instituted 
income tax or through additional 
state assistance. He claims he has 
"voted consistently to put the 
burden of education on the state, 
not the property owner. It 

Craven says he has · "grown 
tougher on law and order issues" 
since becoming an Assemblyman 
in 1973. He favors mandatory 
sentences and supports sending 
juveniles to adult courts for 
"violent" crimes. 

He also believes " state land use 
controls can have an adverse effect 
on the needs of local communities. 
Locally elected oUicials should 
deal with local problems and be 
accountable for land use decisions. 

Democrat Klrkemo, an 
instructor at Point Loma College, 
believes there are "things the state 
can do to curb inflation" in the 
fields of government refonn, 
agricultural land use and tax 
refonn. 

Kitkemo would like to introduce 
a package of bills which would 
require bureaucrata to set annual 
goals and solicit conunent from the 
public on new regulations, 
evaluate state commissions every 
5 years for the purpose of 
abolishing or merging them where 
possible and establish a neutral 
body with the authority to veto 
regulations promulgated by the 
bureaucracy. 

Kirkemo also would work for a 
fa rmland measure that would 
protect prime agricultural land, 
and tax such land on the basis of Its 
use, not its potential. He wants to 
introduce legislation to freeze tax 
assessments on owner-occupied 
homes at the purchase price until 
that home is substantially im-
proved or re-sold. He would like to 
"Introduce an alternative bllI to 
link the property tax credit to the 
Cost of living increase." 

Republican AI Couppee is run-
ning as a "simple, family man," 
who says "I don't think it takes 
special training and talent to 
represent friends and neighbors" 
in Sacramento. 

Couppee, the former sports-

caster who lists his occupation as 
publisher and advertiser, is run-
ning against Sacramento in much 
the same fashion that Ronald 
Regan ran against Washington. He 
favors a reduction in the size of 
state bureaucracy and spending. 
He also wants a cut in education 
spending and a return to " the 
basics" in the schools. He believes 
in elimination of classes "added 
during the hysteria of the sixties." 

On the farm labor question 
Couppee wants to place the burden 
on labor unions and management 
to eliminate illegal alien labor. 
. Couppee also favors a revision of 

current land-use laws, to allow 
loca 1 officials more control over 
land use than state bureaucrats. 

Democratic incumbent Larry 
Kaplloff is running for re-election 
on his record. He points to his 
legislative record-«J bills signed 
out of 234 introduced, he s"ys-and 
c;alls it "damned good when it 

by Sara J. Lowen 
Ina normal political year John 

Turmey wouldn't have much to 
worry about. He's a liberal, active, 
Democratic Senator in a 
Democratic state. He's had the 
Ill()St legislation passed of any 
freshman Senator in his class. He's 
running against a 7G-year old 
political novice, who wasn't even a 
Republican until three years ago. 

But 1976 is not a nonnal year. 
The latest Field Poll shows 
Hayakawa and Tunney deadlocked 
at 43 percent, with 14 percent still . 
undecided. 

Political observers see TunlM!'y's 
problems as the result of two 
factors. The first is Hayakawa's 
popularity with California voters. 
Before he started his campaign 
last year Hayakawa was chiefly 
known as the man who pulled the 
plug on student demonstrations in 
1968 when he was president of San 
Francisco State University. Now 

h~ portrays himself a s the 
Washington outsider who wants to 
" bring common sense to Wash-
ington." 

Tunney's second problem is his position on national defense as 
personal image. He has had "For strong defense and that's not 
problems presenting himself to the · a partisan issue. But there should 
voters as an effective legislator. be no waste in that defense." . 
He has an image as a bland and Tunney warns against excessive 
uninspiring Senator, a shadow for involvement on wars that haven't 
California's very popular senior . been approved by Congress and is 
Senator, Alan Cranston. proud of his Angola amendment, 

On the basis of issues, voters will which shut off funds for American 
be able to make a clear-cut choice involvement in Angola . 
between the two candidates. Hayakawa believes that "an 
Tunney supports the Humphrey- adequate defense for this nation is 
Hawkins bill , which would make largely detennined by the military 
the federal government the em- capability of the Soviet Union." 
ployer as a last resort in an effort Both he a nd Tunney support the 
to reduce the national unem- need for the B-1 bomber. 
ployment rate to three percent. In the area of the environment, 

Hayakawa , on the other hand, Tunney has written bills for the 
opposes Hwnphrey-Hawkins, and development of a smog-free energy 
all government " make-work" efficient car engine, to force the 
programs, becuse " they conswne FDA to regulate toxic substances, 
rather than generate tax dollars and on noise pollution control. 
and increase inflation." Hayakawa 
favors inc reasing employment by 
encouraging the expansion of 
agriculture, business and industry 
through a cut in government taxes 
and regulations on businesses. 

On the issue of energy both men 
see a need for research in the areas 
of solar and nuclear energy. 
Hayakawa stresses a need for 
America to remain energy in-
·dependent by devel!>ping nuclear 
energy. 

TUnney has authored a number 
of bills dealing with energy, in-

, cluding the " truth-in-energy" act, 
which requires that manufacturers 
label the enerltY requirements .of 
appliances and automobiles, and 
the Auto Hesearch and Develop-
ment Act, which allocates ,100-
million for research to develop an 
alternative to the internal com-
bustion en~e. • 

An aide characterized Tunney's 

Jai" ......... 

Hayakawa calls for establishing 
a balance between environmental 
protection and the economy. Press 
Aide Kirk Willison characterizes · 
Hayakawa's position as "while we 
need some regulations to protect 
t he environment , the over-
regulation that exists has caused 
many building projects to be 
stillborn a nd hurt t he economy." 

As electiQ.n time draws near, 
Tunney and Hayakawa have 
stepped up attacks on each other. 
Hayakawa has characterized 
Tunney as Senator Flip Flop, 
charging that Tunney has changed 
his position on .a nwnber of issues, 
ranging from health care to off· 
shore drilling. 

Tunney aide Doug Byrn says 
most of the evidenCe for the flip 
flop charge ,I is presented out of 
context by Hayakawa's staff. 

a 

Senator Tunney has changed his 
vote on some issues because the 
content of the bill has been 
changed through amendments. " 

Hayakawa has also criticized 
Tunney for excessive absenteeism, 
charging that the Senator missed 
94.7 percent of all roll call votes 
this year. Byrn contends that 
"Tunney has missed a lot of votes 
this year because he's been 
campaigning. But in his past five 
years in the Senate he has an at-
tendance record well above 
average." 

Tunney's s upporters have 
charged that Hayakawa is not 
informed on a number of issues 
and gives " flip" answers to others. 
To the first charge, Hayakawa 
campaign worker Doris McKinney 
says, " no one can have all the 
answers. People appreciate Sam's 
honesty in admitting he doesn 't 
know something instead of trying 
to fool people like most 
politicians ... 

Both Tunney and Hayakawa's 
aides predict victory for their 
candidates. Says Willison, " People 
will vote for Hayakawa because 
Tunney hasn't done a thing for 
California. If Tunney's the ef-
fective legislator he claims to be, 
why is he having problems with 
getting people's support?" 

Tunney aide John F link feels 
Turmey 's campaign is finally 
pulling together, and that he has 
the support of Califor nia 
Democrats. " Ma ny of the people 
who supported Hay den are 
working for Tunney now," he 
cla ims. 

Ford campaign now has a great deal of money to use 
in one of the biggest media blitzes ever seen in 
America. 

They would be real jobs with real growth potential in 
private industry." 

comes to the Legislature." 

The Ford campaign has been two-pronged : against 
the Congress and for the President's ac-

) complishments since assuming office after Richard 
Nixon's resignation in August, 1974. 

The Ford campa ign has emphasized the 
President's fiscal cooservatism, contrasting it with 
the Democratic plaUonn, which, Ford says, would 
cost billions of dollars to implement. Speaking on the 
national debt and deficit spending, Ford represen-
tative Bill Northrup said last week that " the debt is 
not only a Federal debt, but is the debt of the private 
sector and industry also ... There is a $50,000 debt for 
every man, woman and child in the U.S. It 

Kapiloff favors a limitation on 
the percentage of income tax 
revenue that can be raised from 
each tax bracket. Such a 
limitation, he says, will insure 
."progressivity" in U1e tu system. 
He also talks about a bill he 

propose~ that would limit 
regressive taxes like sales, gas and 
property levies and would increase 
homeowners' tax exemptions. 

Kapiloff favors increased state 
spending for education, to pay 
teachers more and reduce class 
size. 

He supports Prop. 14. 
He believes in compre/1ensive 

land use planning, to reduce urban 
sprawl in favor of increased urban 
density , to facilitate public transit 
systems and energy conservation. 

Ford has been especially vehement in his speeches 
about the heavily Democratic Congress. Speaking at 
Grossmont Center in La Mesa Sunday night, Ford 
defended his 64 vetoes in the past two years and 
promised that there will be "more vetoes if the next 
Congress is as bad as this Congress." He claimed his 
vetoes have saved American taxpayers $9 billion. 

As an alternative to Congress' programs, Ford said 
he wants to initiate policies to revamp existing 
resources so the " middle income taxpayer won't get 
short-changed." . 

Ford's campaign has placed great emphasis on the 
job opportunities he says have been created in the 
past two years . Ford campa ign literature states that 
under the current Administration there are four-
million more Americans working today than one-and-
a-half yea rs ago. 

His stated goal is to create 2.5 mill ion new jobs 
every yea r, with particula r empha Is on jobs for 
young people. Ford says, "They would not be 
demeaning make-work jobs, run by the government, 
paid for by th taxpayers, and offering no future. 

Speaking on education, Ford says his goal for the 
future is " quality education for every young 
American. It He has submitted to Congress a plan 
calling for the replacemen,t of 24 overlapping 
programs with one "efficientl nanaged" program 
providing direct aid to elem"fllary and secondary 
schools. 

Ford also "urges a job training scholarship plan for 
young people who choose not tv d[l jlU \.VU~~ ,uuldu 
need to lea rn a t{"adt' or cra ft . " 

Ford pla ns to spend the next week away from the 
White House, on the "oad, enunciating hi differ n 
from Carter. Hi campaign organizers hope his 
speaking tour, combined with an ext nsive media 
campaign, will close the narrow gap b tween the 
candidates that now e:o:ist.~ in t'le poll . 

Continued on ~age 



WedDelday,OdoberZ7,lt'7t 

nlll8l·Edll8rl81 Board BaClI. End ..... '1 
President: 0 endorsement 
United States Senate: John Tunney 
41st Congressional . District: no 
endorsement 
43rd Congressional District: no 
endorsement 
39th state Senatorial District: Bob 
Wilson 
76th Assembly District: no en· 
dorsement 
77th Assembly District: Tim 
Cohelan 
78th Assembly District: Larry 
Kapiloff 
3rd Superuisorial District: Roger 
Hedgecock 

I _.-UP EleCllon 
A look at our endorsements for oen Tuesday's election sbows that ~r 

Editorial Board strongly resembles the 1971 American electorate. We re 
confused cynical and sharply divided. We have picked some of tbe candlda~s considered "Uberal," but have rejected others. 

In some cases we came to a decision of no endosement becauseneltber 
candidate was very attractive to a majority of board members. In the 
presidential contest, for instance, we are not very enthused by eitber 
Gerald Ford or Jimmy Carter. Neither man seems to be the type of 
leader needed to lead America through tbese troubled and restless times. 

For the same reason we have come to no endorsement for both the 76th· 
Assembly and 43rd Congressional Districts-dlstricts whicb encompass 
UCSD. None of the candidates for those two seats strike a spark In US; 
DOne bad presented any new Ideas or exciting concepts. 

For 0 her races tbougb we tbougbt tbe cboices clear-cut. John Tunney 
has proven hims~1f to ha~e a soUd, If unexciting, grasp on most Issues. 
His opponent, S. I. Hayakawa, on the other band, bas but one claim to 
fame: his escapalk: in 1968 at San Francisco State, wben be refused to let 
student activists exercise their right to free speecb. 

Our endorsements for the 39th state Senate and 78th Assembly Districts 
are just a~ clear-cut. Jack Schrade has been a state legislator too long. He 
has only been a negative force In the state Senate, as be sees his task Is to 
kill "bad legislation" rather than introduce goOO legislation. Bob WUson 
offers a refreshing change from Schrade's attitude. . 

As a sharp contrast from Schrade, Assemblyman Larry Kaptloff bas 
been an activist Assemblyman. He has introduced legislation to aid the 
elderly and reform the tax structure. Perhaps ~ost Importantly, h~ bas a 
reputation In Sacramento as a maverick, a legislator wbo knows hIS own 
mind. His opponent AI Couppee, on the other hand, res,~ his campaign on 
his pledge to " bring common sense to government. His positions on 

Re . / issues are just warmed over agarusm. 
In the case of the 3rd Supervisorial District, we reject Lou Conde more 

than we support Roger Hedgecock. Conde, while he has provided comic 
relief In the Board of Supervisors, seems to lack a grasp of tbe delicate 
issues affecting San Diego County. He opposes controlled growth policies 
wbicb have attempted to keep San Diego from going the route of Los 
Angeles. He speaks proudly of his endorsements from the Chamber of 
Commerce, the Board of Realtors, organized labor and Ronald ReaJ(an. 

Hedgecock, as be. supports controlled growth and strong policies to 
protect the environment, is a far superior candidate to Conde. 

Most of our endorsements were arrived at after sharply divided 
arguments and votes. Although five board members are registered 
Democrats, and only one Republican, Democrats support Republican 
candidates and vice versa. In this too, we represent a microcosm of the 
national electorate. 

Voters all over America are ignoring party labels and rejecting the 
straight party line. The day when a candidate could win election simply 
by proclaiming his party affiliation Is over in most parts of the country. 
Both major parties are breaking down . . The functions they formerly 
served are forgotten. Major contributors donate money to individual 
candidates. Volunteers go to candidates rather than to pariy central 
committees. 

Political scientists have noted this trend and are watching closely for 
signs of a " new realignment," a new shift of geographic and ,economlc 
coaltlons, such as that which occured wltb Franklin Roosevelt selection 
in 1932. This might mean new political parties, split in Ideologicailioes, or 
it might mean a splintering Into many special interest groups. ft might 
mean something entirely different. 

But, meanwhile , American politics careen onward. The situation today 
demands strong, h~ginative leaders. Sadiy, however, sucb leaders do 
not appear availabl2 n the national scene this year. 

Jerry and t.J mmy ... 
Eugene M ~rtby 

While Ford and Carter campaign 
frantically for ' he top prize, 
another candidat e could easily 
determine the "Iinner. .t:ugene 
McCarthy, fonne .. /senator from 
MiMesota, fonne , pemocrat, the 
man who played a major role In 
keeping Lyndon Johnson from 
seeking re-election In 1968, is again 
pklying the giant·killer role this 
year. . 

McCarthy, rUMing as an In-
dependent, has spent much of his 
time this campaign just getting on 
the ballot. Because he is not 
representing one of the major 
p<\lltical parties. he must collect 
signature petitions to g t on state 

ballots. Although this is an arduous 
task, he has a good chance of 
getting on the ballot in 30-35 s~tes, 
which represent at least 375 
electora Tvctes . 

Here is where McCarthy's power 
lies. In this year's tight contest, the 
six percent most national polls give' 
him could prove crucial in the 
industrial states that will probably 
determine the final winner. And 
most pollsters estimate that 80 
percent of all McCarthy votes will 
come from Democrats ~ho 
presumably would otherwise vote 
for Carter . 

Even In the states where he isn't 
on thll ballot, McCarthy cold be a 
spoiler. In CaUfornia , for instance, 
where he is a write-in candidate, 
the Oct. 14 Field Poll show hIm 
with two p rcent, while Ford led 

Prop . 1: no endorsement 
Prop. 2: yes 
Prop. 3: yes 
Prop. 4: no 
Prop. 5: no 
Prop 6: yes 
Prop. 7: yes 

. Prop. 8: yes 
Prop. 9: no 
Prop 10: ye's 
Prop. 11: yes 
prop . 12: yes 
Prop 13: no 
Prop. 14: yes 
Prop. IS: yes 
Prop. A: yes 

POIlles o ... 1m, .. 

Prop. B: no endorsement 
Prop . C: no 
Prop. D: yes 
Prop. E: yes 
Prop. F: yes 
Prop. G: yes 
Prop . H: yes 
Prop. J: yes 
Prop. K: yes 

The preceding endorsements 
were arrived at by a majority VOle of 
the Triton Times Editorial Board, 
which is composed 0/ David Eisen , 
Executive , edilOr. Mark Stadler , 
Managing editor, Alan Russel/ , 
News editor. - Alec Nedelman, 
Associate News editor, Ran Anbar, 
Opinion editor and Vera M. I. 
Todorov ,-Communityeditor. 

niil candldales may· .aoae 
Bullhe TriCkS Remain Ihe sallll 

by Barry Alfonso 
Staff Writer 

There has been much discussion 
this year about how unusual the 
1976 presidential campaign has 
been . The prominence of relig!o~ 
and private morals as a campaign 
topic and the high degree of voler 
apathy are only two examples of 
this. 

But the bizarre in political life is 
nothing new. The art of politics 
often has little to do with what is 
nonnal or rational. . 

Wide spread corruption in 
government, for instance, is a 
major issue today. But the' bench-
mark for political chicanery was 
set 30 years ago by Mayor James 
M. Curley of Boston. While running 
for re-election, Curley was indicted 
on 16 counts of mail fraud . After 
winning the campaign he. was 
convicted and sentenced to serve 
six to 18 months in prison. 

This didn't stop Public Citizen 
CUrley, though. He pushed the 
MassachU!etts Stale Legislature to 
pasS a special law allowing him to 
remain Mayor while in jail and, of 
course, continue to collect his 
$20 ()()()..a·year salary. CUrley was 
pa;doned after serving five months 
and returned to Boston a hero. "I 
come bacl~ 10 years younger," he 
said. 

Candidates represneting obscure 
causes are not a recent 
phenonenon either. Of the many 
who have run in the last few 
decades Henry B. Krajewski was 
among the more imaginative. 

A successful New Jersey pig 
fanner and bartender, Krajewski 
launched his 1952 Presidential bid 
as " the poor man 's candidate" by 
advertising in the newspaper for a 
running mate. When he filed his 
election papers he brought his 

Carter 44 to 43 percent. The poll 
estimates that 80 percent of the 
Mccarthy votes come from 
Democrats. 

Asked about the prospect of 
hurting Carter next month, 
McCarthy says, " The differences 
between the parties are so in-
significant that there is no burden 
on my conscience. That's a 
problem for the Democrats, noUor 
me." 

McCarthy's favorite campaign 
issues seem to be the "inflated 
presidency" and the Federal 
Elections Act. The latter he calls 
"an effort to freeze us into tHe two-
party system." 

He feels neither candida te un-
derstands the con ti tutional bases 

~ ...,...-:==-.' _ -= _ OA)So 
- - Who .A~~ You- Root:inJ For.? 

campaign mascot, a baby pig, with 
him to the courthouse. Durinl! the 
proceedings the pig defecated on 
some of the more vital documents. 

Later, he led a parade in his honor 
down Broadway, with a fashion 
model on each side of hIm and a 
200-pound swine on a leash. 

In additoin to running for 
President , Krajewski tried for the 
U.S. Senate in 1956 He polled 35,000 
votes. 

J .J . "Tiny" Freeman was 
another saloon keeper/politician 
who ran ' for Congress in Seattle 
four years ago. Freeman received 
the Republican nomination in his 
district mainly because nobody 
else had bothered to file in the 
primary. When the local GOP 
found out who he was they were 
aghast. One accused him of having 
fun "at the party's expense". 
Freeman threatened to sue the 
Republicans for non-support when 
they refused to give him any 
campaign money. 

Freeman asked the voters to 
send him to Washington D.C. 

of the presidency. " Where the hell 
does Jimmy Carter think a 
President gets the authority to take 
troops out of NATO?" he asks. 
" They are there as part of a 
national conunitment sustained by 
treaty." . ' I 

As befits an alternative can-
didate, McCarthy has positions on 
issues that are clearly different 
from Carter's or Ford's. To reform 
the tax system he would restrict 
the imposition of individual and 
corporate income taxes to the 
federal govenunent, to eliminate 
interstate competition in luring 
industry with lower tax rates . 

He would also shift primary 
responsibility for funding welfare 
progra ms to the federal govern-
ment and set a national standard of 

because " I have friends in 
Maryland and Virginia that I 
haven 't seen for a long time. This 
would be a good excuse to visit 
them". He lost. 

But perhaps the most 
remarkable-and successful- of 
these offbeat candidates ran for 
mayor of Picoaza, Ecuador nine 
years ago. According to the New 
York Times of July 18, 1967, a foot 
deodorant power called Pulvapies 
was elected major of Picoza that 
swnmer by a clear majority. 
majority . 

It seems the Pulvapies company 
ran an advertising campaign with 
the slogan "Vote for any can-
didate, but if you want well-being 
and hygiene, vote for Pulvapies" 
during the Ecuador municipal 
elections. The voters of at least one 
city apparently agreed with this 
reasoning. . 

It seems that the more the 
political scene changes, the more it 
stays the same. Recently a 
California orange juice company 
ran a promotional campaign using 
adio spots and bumper stickers. 
The message: "Vita-Pakt for Vice 
President . " 

welfare maintenance. 
McCarthy proposes the 

reorganization of the executive 
branch into five multipurpose, 
cabinet-level agencies. He would 
combine both the state and defense 
departments and the justice and 
revenue departments, fonn a ~ 
reSource agency and give the 
commerce department control 
over agriculture, business, labor 
and transportation. The treasury 
department would remain the 
same. 

To cut employment McCarthy 
urges a shortening of the work 
week, along with other controls 
over industry. He is against the 
Hwnphry-Hawklns bill, calling It 
"80 percent fraud," 

Wednesday, October 27, 1976 triton times Page 9 

We Don'l EnCOurage Poor SCholarship, Bul • • • 
Score,_' ___ _ 

Bring In Inl mld-Ierm Iram Ihll QUlrler 
and le'u 1111 YOU I dlICI.nl on piZZI D. 2C 
lor aaCh parcanla,a polnl YOU hala .ronl 

(e ••. 80% Icore - lac dllCOunl) 

Perhaps You Need 
FOOD For ThOUghtl 
onared unlll lov 3D, 1976 Ilih IhlS nollce. 

Carnegie A-440 Pizza Hall • 2212 Cannel Valley Road, Del Mar 755-6778 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
WANTEd 

Need hOusem81e by Nov. / PB 00 Opal /own 
room I S1 07 • mnth I male or temale lbus close. 
488-1678. Nice piece. (10 /27) 
Everyone Interested in having an etectronlcs 
shop on cam pus write: Electronics Shop 
Vesl P.O. Bo.....:l3O (0/27] 

Need typist tor bOOk . Phone 755.5610. 
It0127) 

Wanted ooe experienced rock climber 'or 
climbing partner. Gall 453-0780. aSl< lor Neal . 

Need person • .., Ith -V I.ge or smalt heads 
'or Alpha wa\18 study . Get a COllY 01 your EEG 
also need subjects rNf!J( 59 and under 16 yew. 
Old Contact Basic Science Building 3045. 
leave name, phone. headllze. 

Reggae Ian help! Need ride (will pay) to 
Toots & Maytals Nov. I LA Paloma live near 
UCSD 453-1648 (1 0 129) 

Top OoI'ar Pa id 'or U.S. SUver Coins Minted 
belore 1965. Al so buying old U.S. colnl. Gall 
Ken 755-7371 (1216) 

fOR SAlE 
UCSD 51<1 C'ub rnemberahlp Cltrda on ... 
Ocl. 25 8 em - 12 - Oct 298em - 3 pm et Ski 
Club Ol'lce· 10. _t corner 01 Revell. Gal • . 
(101 29) 
63 VW bu • . 7,OOOmt. on _ .. gl,.. CNI1Ie . 
evenings. 75~2346 . S8OOorbeat. (10127) 

80110081 . 1_ $700. Cell Cllerf~ _ . 7~ 
2346. (10127) 

72" Diamond leU ... rtboerd good condition 
shaped by MIM,..", $55. GaIl.".4:30463-
11033. (1 0 / 27) 

Brand .... elec;lrlc btol.. Iry ,... mall. 
tasserol • • MIIed poce_, (121) Tom 1I0oI 

.~ Sot ... ac".12075 (11/1) 
'Slu Snowbird & Aft. uten •• " tile UCSO SIll 
Club "10. 24- Nov 211129.11& - tlc_l.on'" 
at tt-.e C-pua aox 011 . (11/3) 

What i, high« COfteclou_ .. 1 Come end 
tind out about tM 8Ctence 01 energy leo.. 
Every Frldey In USB 3O!IOA . 7:30p.m . F_to 
I U Gali 756-0118 lor llIIt"., Inlormatlon. 
110129) 

For Sale 1965 VW Bus runs good new tires 
clean. Leaving state musl sell 5590. Gall 459-
1419(10/29) 

US OlVER Nylon II 'ull dive sull. Perfect 
condo "lew $150. Used once $1201 best otler . 
Call night. 755-0793 Warren (10129) 

Algol 00 the 66700: thorough new text now 
available ; lor in to conlact Oon Gregory·APM 
5301 X2795 (1 1 15) 

housiNG 
Fema'e roommate wanted for 5-bdrm. beach 
Iront home. t30/mo. In Del Mar. 755-8230 or 
755-8236 11 0 127) 

1 roommate needed male, to share house 
with 3 students private room 3 m/a..,ay 597 
monlhly. plus 114 ullI & ph piano. PPlone 455-
1953(101211) 

• roomatea wanted: 21n 3 br 2 ba apt .., /pool. 
2 In 3 br house w/v.., . All 10 mlns away SHlO 
eaplusutll . 292-0213(tI15) • 

Female needed to share great 3-bedroom 
beach Plouse in Del Mar - Fireplece, pool. 
$115 call43S-4631 (10'29) 

Ow.troom In 2-s tory Gene_ Hinds Condo. 
S90I"", plus ut t!. No pels . 3 ml to UCSO 
... Hty flexible 452·9842. (101291 

Female roomrNIte .. anted . Own rm 1 btk 
'rom Urey Hell $8O/mo. no pet • . Grad pref 
PItt. Rtchard Katthy 453-1~. 

M rmale 10 ahare 2 bdrm house PS . grad 
ahod.llI, nonamoker. Call 488-1~7 eves. & 
wt<ends. (10127) 

BOOK NOW ON CAMPUSI _ YOfII .. 
EufoPI """ta. !'SA _tiona CIEE 
5tudlnt T ..... SeMcee. Open Mon .• Wed .. 
Fri . 12-4"". Cell <<12-0lI30(121') 

F .... Service T_ .toene,. AI oenIerI 1<>-
Clueing chan_I Amertcan Yo"'" Holt .. 
canla .... ...,... Cell ....,.. or Sem • TMT 
«12-1., . NO SEJWICE CHAAO£ I (12 II) 

• SERVICES 

ACADEMIC RESEARCH PAPERS. 
Thousands on file . Send $1.00 lor your t92-
page. mall order catalog. 11322 Idaho A\I8 .. 
n06H. Los Angeles, Cem. W025 (213) ~77-
84R (1216) 

Lost : hand lens (magnifyi ng glass) by 
copying machine 5&E Lib . need II lor 
Geology mid term - 453-6500. 

Lost or ? 1 pr blue Nike runnIng shoes . 
Please relurn 10 n Ottlce as I don' have any 
others 10 run In . 

Lost green "IOI1h lace book bacpac. Conlalns 
Seniors & Grad Sludents. Come get 'em while c lass nOles needed 'or midterm.-<lay X4032 
lhey're hoI 1977 Placement Annuals hoI off • 6\Ie 755-.810. 
the press FREEl II 1/3) 

Tune up special I! Discount pr ices- quality 
worlt call AI , Mark . or Gary lor a Iree 
est. /d lagnosis 453-9153 (10 /29) 

Need a Typisl? Rush typing-guarantee wor\(· 
t<athie 272-8390 (10 /27) 

Typing ·IBM selectric Iheses, dlssertallons, 
.tc. experienced , reasonable. Mrs. Olds 45&-
0127 . (12/ 6) 

LOSE unwanted pounds & inches. Easy wWy 
10 lose weight and keep It off l Call Lynn 0181· 
8290(12/6) 

Tulorlng Algrebre , TrigonomMry. Analgeon, 
Calculus. Physica, Gre. Stallsllcs. Call Ish 
anyllrrw. 287-4751 . (10127) 

Litt l. Prlnc ..... Ho .. Cltn I thank you lor the 
happiest 7 monlha of my III.? LOI<e y.-
Winnie ther Pooh 

Loal (Stot.n): ~t . brown jacMt lrom Ubiquity 
Sol. n .... «levi jIcII .. , ~. 

lost: 8 .... OICI PUPPJ. Fem Irt.. HI· 
1,,'lIghan toet . Frt .10/22. 10lIl 51. o.t Mer 
(W1I . OIHwyt)~. 

My cross pen in the Humanit ies Library on 
the couch by the newspapers on Mooday 
around9am PLS relurn to Library desk . 

LoSI "Stallstical Concepls" If found please 
relurn to Triton Times Office. Thanx . 

PERSONAls 
Dear Bill (01 Phil and Phil) • Happy 21st 
Birthday. This Is your birthday presenl until 
_ "ave lime to stop and celebrate. Say hi 10 
your parents tor me. Low Garolyn 

Appllcalions now accepled 'or the Muir· 
Dartmouth Exchange Progrwn. Wlnler OIr. 
t9n. Interested Students should COft!acl 
Maxine Henry in the Muir ProYoel 's Ole. 
ApplicaUonlMadlinetsOcI. 29. 1976(10129) 

OER UNTERTAN an East GermoIn film will be 
shown Thln. Oct . 288t7:oo pm In HL 1~38 . 
Adm. FREE. SubCitles. 

"""'81 Is amaleur ... 101 Come end find out. 
Meatlng 0' Ihe UCSO Amoteur Radio Club orr 
rhuradly. Oct. 28. At the Student Cent. 
Lo""ije. Help euPpOr1 our .... chillI w..tlng 
start ... 5pm. 

LAST CHA"ICE to _ PNrnI .... .. rilles. 
lamous filmmal< .. I~JMIMII' - TIle ~Ing 
Room: 2&4-31137. 

M .... WIlen do I get e ride In your '*" -l 
........................................................ , 

NEW YORK CHARTER FUGHTS 
CHRISTMAS VPCA TION - UOI 

Break-Away Tours, 9056 Santa Monica Blvd. 
Los Angeles, 90069 (213) 278-6686 

ttt .................................................... .. 

Many tlOOks at 112 price or less and I".· 
pensive oddities. Fine tlOOks bought & told 
Ex Ubris Bookstore in Solana Beach 7~ 
7323. 

Hi Ho agai n Francine. Vou said you don't 
know me . I don't know you . Let's change 
lhat. Gaplai n J .C. 

KJS . I only pray that I have shown you a 
brighler day . Don'1 wo<ry what happens 10 me 
cause In my mind you w ill stay here always -
In love , Yo u and I. LGH 

Last Chance! 
celebrate 

Oktoberfest 
whh the 

UCSD German Club 
Sunday October 31 

· It tit, 
German American 

Societies 
1017 Se ....... AWl • 

Elc.t-
Fer .... 453·7965 

.... ~~ .............. ' .. '~; 

.COIDIUN 1'1' Y1 
BLOOD BANK( 

PA~"'~OBSI' 
forNS:~~~oe J 

~MIII 
L- ___ ,_,~~~~ 



11 " 
Pacell 

T T Classifieds 
Imaqine--Only 25' 
Pelson.ls 50' and Non Student Ad8 $1 

triton times Wedoellday, October Z7 , 117. 

Fourth Reporter 
Voting Begins on College-Proposal 

by DaD st. Claire Baeoa 
Staff Writer 

This week all Fourth College 
students have a chance to express 
their approval or disapproval rl. 
the Fourth College Student 
Government proposal Students 
will be able to cast their votes on 
October 'Z1 and 28 at the voting 
booths set up In Revelle Plaza, the 
Student Center and MC 302. 

Over ninety percent of the 
Fourth students Interviewed last 
week had not yet read the final 
draft of the constitution. Out of that 
ninety percent, sixty percent didn't 
know the constitution existed. 
When pressed to read the three-
page constitution the general 
conunent was that it was long, but 
thorough. 

Also this week Fourth students 
are being challenged to charge 
their imagination and think up a 
costume for the disco Halloween 
dance this Saturday. Costumes are 
preferred, but they're not man-
datory. The dance takes place at 
9:00 pm In the Fourth Recreation 
Center. Invitations may be secured 
from the Student Center or the 
Provost's office. The dance is 
preceded by trick or treating 
sponsored by the Fourth residence 
halls. Students may call on the 
residence halls from 7:30 to 8:30 
p.m. . 

yaartb Ad-llec CommIttee 
The Fourth A~Hoc Committee 

has scheduled noon concerts every 
other Wedneaday In the Matthews 
Campus cafeteria. The nut 
concert ts November 3, featuring 
"MOOIIe. " 

The a~ committee Is a group 
cl Fourth students headed by 

Marty Conoley. The purpose of the 
conunlttee is to plan programs and 
activities of Interest to Fourth 
College students. All Fourtb 
students are Invited to join. Those 
interested can come to the c0m-
mittee meetings at Marty 
Conoley's office MC,701 Tuesdays 
from 1:30to2:30p m. 

Presidential ' Offspring Hi~ 
the Stump for Fathers 

(CPS) - "I want to see a job for 
those whO want to work ... a bedpan 
for those who want to sleep ... and 
Southern accents we can all Ult-
derstand ... ," joked Chip Carter, 23 
year old son of Jimmy Carter, a~ 
an appearance in Seattle, 
Washington, last month. 

At the other end of the country, 
President Ford's son Jack was 
winding up another sixteen-hour 
session of pumping hands, making 
economic statements and 
humoring small-time politiclans, 
only to face the same grueling 
schedule the next day. 

Ford, 24, has mixed feelings 
about being thrown Into the 

. political whirlwind. He enjoyed 
squiring Bianca Jagger and elt-
tertainlng George Harrison at the 
White House but complained of 
distorted media coverage. 
. And Steve Ford, 20, who has 
consistently shunned the spotlight 
by retreating to Weste.m ranches 
and rodeos, said that even if his 
father lost the election, the family 
would win, since his father would 
have more free time. 

Genetics. .. 
should include aU industrial ex-
perimentation. 

Abelson said no scientist will 
make deadly organisms, because 
there Is a heavy moral compulsion 
to follow the explicit restrictions, 
even if not sponsored by NIH 
grants. 

He added that experiments 

Still, the Ford brothers are 
campaigning vigorously, jetting 
from rural town to city campus, 
greeting thousands of admirers 
and hecklers daily, and 
relinquishing any privacy they 
might have had. 

The three adult Carter cbildren, 
Jack, Jeff and Chip, have been 
working for four years on the 
Carter bandwagon, enlisting 
wives, relatives and friends for the 
crusade to the White House. 

Jack, 29, is the most active of 
Carter's sons, repeating a serious 
and professional speech at colleges 
from C.W. Post in Long Island to 
the University of Missouri. He 
promises spectators that his father 
will provide the spiritual leader-
ship of Kennedy wbile keeping In 
touch with the masses. Speaking to 
a young audience, Carter will play 
up his fatber's vow of 
decriminalizing marijuana. 

Carter's classic closer to a 
whipped up crowd Is "We can win 
with work, and we 'll work to win." 

producing these organlSlIllI will not 
be done at UCSD, and should not be 
allowed in any biological 
laboratory. 

Abelson concluded by insisting 
that biological containment will 
work and organisms used in the 
research will not have any chance 
for survival in the natural elt-
vironment. 

Disabled Students. .. 
volunteer any extra time they 
might have to donate as an 
assistant. The Service also acts as 
a liaison between the students and 
the Department of Rehabilitation. 
Counselling is available from Graff 
and peer groups established 
through the Disabled Students 
Union. 

Graff stressed that student 
feedback if essential if the 
program is to operate efficiently. 
No disabled student will be singled 
out or called into the office. 
However, he said, it is in their best 
interests that they provide lit-
formation to insure the success of 
the services. Disabled students 
who do maintain contact with the 
program are also more likely to be 
aware of and benefit from what it 
offers. 

Plans for extended services are 
being made, including off-campus 

transportation. An Information 
pamphlet on the problems of being 
disabled will soon be available for 
all students. Graff Is also looking 
forward to disabled student 
awareness week in conjunction 
with the city of San Diego. A 
similar event was held last year 
which featured wheelchairs for 
those who were Interested in 
learning of the limitations ex-
perienced by handicapped students 
on campus. 

Those persons who are lit-
terested In making contact with the 
Disabled Students Services are 
encouraged to go by the office, 
located In the Student Center, next 
door to the Women's Center. 
Graff's office hours are from 9 
a.m. until 1 pm, but special a~ 
J:!Ointments may be made to ae-
conunodate varying schedules. 

4!-'f.... Zarvell's 
,. 

Natural Foods 
in DelMar 

Featuring Exotic and UnUlual Raw Honey 
look •• In o.Iry Pro4.ctt 

Co ..... - Pro4ll.ce 
TIll. w ..... SpecUI: 

... " ....... $1.50.,. •• 4 
1153 C.IIIIII Del Mif 

755·0957 

fl'f~"()~ f~§ 
. ·fll()l~lf 
I must say that is tough to report on all the IntramUral football games. 

It requires one to be in four places at once, which, for me at least, is 
impossible. So inatead I bring you reports on several feature games of 
this past weekencHmly beca\lle they are leatured here, (they weren't 
classics In any sense of the word). 

On Thursday Past I disguised myseH as one of Rick Crawford's finest 
and hid behind a whistle to scout a Zeke Bratkowski League game bet-
ween the ROD SQUAD and the ROCKETS. Nothing happened the first 38 
minutes of the game. I was about to give up on this one when out of 
nowhere stepped a still unknown ROD SQUADder to pick off an errant 
ROCKET pass to set up a John Jones to Dan Milliken touchdown pass. 

With the score 6-0 and a minute left to play the ROCKETS got smart . 
Utilizing their timeouts effectively and benefitting from a pass lit-
terference penalty, the ROCKETS scored on a last second, desperation 
pass from Matt (last name unknown) to Fred Galloway. 

With the score now tied at !Hi and time having run out, the ROCKETS 
lined up for the conversion try. Back to pass, quarterback Tom Hayduck 
found himself trapped. In trouble, he made a desperation pitch to Bill 
Abbey, who managed to avoid several would-be flag pullers and go in for. 
the point that gave the ROCKETS a 7~ win. 

Then it was the CUPCAKES vs. the DEMONS In King Corcoran League 
action. Sounds like a cakewalk for the DEMONS, right? Wrong. Spotting 
the D~MONS a 6-0 lead on a Norm-Nelson to Lew Greenberg pass, the 
CUPCAKES roared back to win 12~ on a Chris Morrison to Wes Goodwin 
bomb and last second desperation pass from Morrison.to Doug Knudsen. 
Knudsen caught the pass high In the air as he crossed the goal line, then 
had the ball jarred loose as he hit the ground. But the everpresent referee 
was on top of the play and ruled the catch good to give the CUPCAKES a 
win in their first outing. 

In the VA Title League the CHARLATANS maintained their share of 
the league lead with a 6-0 victory over the FLYING BLEEPS. It was 
another boring game until the last minute of play, when Tim Finnigan 
gathered in a John McFall pass and rambled in for the touchdown on the 
fin al play of the game. 

In Ken Anderson League play LOS BORRACHOS increased their 
record to 2-1 by holding off a superior MACS LACS offense for a 6-0 win. 

triton time8 

Women's 
V'Ball Gains 
Easy Victory 

in a match that lasted only 
twenty-five minutes, UCSD's 
women's volleyball team crushed 
Imperial Valley College Sunday, 
15-2, 15~. The victory raised the 
Tritons record to 5-1. 

"The game was not even as close 
as the score indicates," said UCSD 
coach, Chuck Millenbah following 
the one-sided contest. 

All the Tritons were given a 
chance to play in the match as 
Millenbah substituted freely. 
Second-teamers, Susan Marshall 
and Karen Kaehler had excellent 
games according to the coach. 
Millenbah was also pleased witfi 
the consistent job turned in by 
setters Aileen Horimoto and Holly ' 
Stewart.· 

UCSD takes on Grossmont today 
at 4:00 pm in the Rec Gym. 

CrossCountry 
Winslst Meet 
In History 

by John Halperin 
Staff Writer 

MACS LACS outplayed LOS BORRACHOS throughout the game, but The UCSO cross-country team 
couldn't find the end zone. Vic "Black Frost" Mattox broke a 40 yard made history Saturday in more 
sweep to account for the entire BORRACHO offense and the game's only respects than one. They won their 
score. . first cross-CD\lntry meet ever, but 

In Coed Football action, FROTTAGE, led by Connie Parker, they won it In a way that very 
established a new all·time single game scoring record in chalking up 70 rarely happens In a cross-country 
Points while shutting out a helpless (and unnamed) opponent in a . t th b f rf 't mee ..... ey won y 0 el. 
Kangaroo League game. Parker threw for two touchdowns, caught two 
more, ran for another and returned an interception for a sixth TO. The Tritons were scheduled to 
Needless to say, FROTTAGE strengthened its hold on the Hl ranking run In the large schools division 
team in the 1M Coed Football Poll. race a :00; tJie small schools 

In other Kangaroo League actibn the HAMBURG LARS, behind the race started at 10:00. However, 
passing of Dan Monteverde and the receiving of Jill Souder (2 TO's) and when the team pulled Into Cha~ 
Laura Greenber~ (1 TO) shutout the hapless STONERS.~. man College, the site of the race, 

In the Koala Bear League MOBIUS warmed up for its first-place they were Informed that all the 
showdown next sunday with OFF OOEDS by knocking off the previously other schools had pulled out, and 
Wldefeated FASTEST PASSES, 28-6. Kurt Fristrup teamed up with Kathy since they were the only team to 
Weber for two TD passes while Tom Lea scored on an interception run- show up they were declared the 
back, then hooke4 up with Glenda Harp- for the last MOBIUS score. wiMers·by-forfeit. 
FASTEST PASSES prevented the shutout by scoring on a pass from All this did not make coach Andy 
Chuck{;ollings to Vera Torp. . Skief the least bit happy. He 

Women's Field Hockey Loses 
In Palomar College Match' 

remarked that the schools that 
pulled out did so because of the 
"rinky-dink" set-up of the meet. 
He said this will probably be 
UCSD's last appearance at 
Chapman. 

UCSD's women's field hoCkey 
team came up with the short end of 
the stick in San Marcos Monday, 
losing 4-0 to a strong, talented 
squad from Palomar College. 

Despite the loss, Triton coach 
Lynn Gola was pleased with the 
performance of her team, 
especially in the second haH of play 

Open Dady 11 a . m. · 9 p. m. 
Closed Tuesday 

755-3388 

·when UCSD held the home team to 
only one score. 

Gola cited the play of Sarah 
Denton and Shiela O'Brien In 
keeping the Tritons as close as they 
did to Palomar. 

The team plays Stanford at home 
Friday afternoon on Muir Field. 

As it turned out, it was better the 
team did not run. Kevin Young and 
Doug Moon were not able to attend: 
and Alan Be.math had a touch of 
the flu. 

Next week the Tritons travel to 
La Mirada for the always tough 
Biola Invitational. San Diego State 
and UCLA will be present among 
others. 

Serving North County 
and UCSD ... 

Specializing in Water and 
Flexible Contact Lenses 

Orthok,mOlY . 
Vi .... 1 Perception 

1150 Cam ina De1 Mar Suite 8 Del Mar 
For on AppOIntment 755·5484 

-

\ 

UCSD 's Holly Stewart bumps bolito smiling Aileen Horimoto in the Tritons' 
easy win ouer Imperial Valley College . ITT photo: Bill Brooks) 

) 

Centurion Bicycles 
Sales & Service 

Accessories - Bike Packs 

Canyon Bicycles 
4037 Governor Dr. 

University Square - University City 
452- 1623 

bidwi 

• 
d~rts 

musIc 

WED. OCTOBER 27 
r 8:00 - midnight 
THIRD COLLEGE SnadlBar 

• STUDENT SPECIAL ~ 
~~\ A 3Smm Camera Package designed 
~ and priced especially for the college student 

Includes: 
"Full·featured Vivitar 220 SI Camera Body 
' Formu la V 35mm Wide Angle Lens 
"Formula V 135mm Telephoto·Portrait Lens 
OK 2 Filters For Both Lenses 
"Set of Close·up Extension Ri ngs 
*5 year Warranty on Body and Lenses 

Value over $380; Student Price $249 
Recomended by a college Photograph.1 instructor and 

a professional Photographer as the best combination 
for the serious student , O~;mEi;~OiLDt 

1071 Sixth Ave I col'Mr of " C") 232·~. We Pay the 
Parkin .. We Pay Cash tor Used Equipment 

Meltercflerve eenkAm.neeod Flnenclnu A.eHebie 



November promises to be an 
exciting month for San Diego 
concert goers. 

-Toots & The Maytals will 
carry the reggae torch to the La 
Paloma Theatre in Encinitas 
beginning Monday, November 1 
through Tuesday. Showtimes 
are at8 and 11. 

-The Average White Band 
returns to San Diego next 
Wednesday, November 3 at 
Golden Hall. Appearing along 
wjth A WB will be modem jazz 
tenor saxaphonist Ronnie Laws 

-and his group Pressure. 
-Elvin Bishop will perform at 

the Civic Theatre this Sunday, 
October 31 at 7:30. Joining 
Bishop will be special guest star 
John Mayall. 

-Black Sabbath, English 
purveyors of heavy metal 
redundancy, assault the San 
Diego Sports Arena on Friday, 
November 5. Opening this rock 
show will be Bob Seger and the 
Silver Bullet Band. 

Concert 
Scene 

ilia 
imovaUve brand of comedy to 
the Civic Theatre November IS. 

-canada'. dynamic pop 
vocalist Gino Vannelli is coming 
to the UCSD Gym Sunday, 
November 7. 

-The opening concert of the 
La Jolla Civic/University 
Symphony under the direction 
of Thomas Nee will appeal to 
everyone. The Orchestra will 
perform "Thanksgiving Day" 
by Charles Ives, "Cello Fan-
tasy" by Robert Erickson and 
"Piano Concerto No.1" by 
Brahms. Perfonnances are on 
Friday at 8 and again on Sunday 
at 3 in the Mandeville 
Auditorium, UCSD. 

This concert is the first of five 
musical events,.. including an 
evening of opera, to be 
presented by the La Jolla 
Civic/University ymphony 
during the 1976n7 season. 

C II Offe External Affairs Coordinator o ~ges r Schneider Re Elected to Post 
Co u rses By It appears the External Affairs "I int~nd to continue working for 

Coordinator post has been important UCSD concerns such as Newspaper resolved. Third College, Step II, and the quality of ·undergraduate 
Monday's Student Cooperative education," said Schneider . . He 

Union meeting resulted in a new further detailed that Bee joined the 
term for Andy Schneider, who External Affairs, Support group 
presently holds the job. which means a "greater sharing of 

(CPS) - First there were college 
night school classes and extension 
courses by mail. Then colleges 
began offering televised classes on 
local TV stations. Earning credits 
was as easy as sitting back in your 
favorite armchair. 

Now, the University of California 
is offering a program called 
"Courses by Newspaper." 

City newspapers in conjunction 
with local colleges print the course 
material in their regular editions. 
Academic credit is available to 
people who enroll in the courses 
through participating colleges and 
buy the required text books. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
There will be an organ izational 
meeting for the Young Mill ionaires 
Club this Thursday 01 5. Bankbook 
required for verification . Contact 
Nicolas Nierenberg for details. 

Schneider'S position had been in responsibility." 
question since last week's Coop 
vote for Coordinator where neither Schneider termed one of his 
he nor Ron Bee received a primary goals as " unity in the 
majority of votes. Coop." Noting that the Coop has 

While not gaining a majority been made up of " single, dominant 
vote in' Monday's meeting, caucuses," Schneider voiced an 
Schneider did manage to get a vote appeal to students around the 
of confidence. The tally stood at 28 campus to form caucuses and "get 
for Schneider, 18 for Bee, and 12 involved." 

****************************** 
: Fourth College Elections to. Ratify ~ 
: Student Government Constitution : 
: Wednesday October 27 : 
il Thursday October 28 * 
il * il Pollfng Places * 
il Revelle Plaza l Oam-2pm * 

Druids unite! National Tree Week is il EDNA at the Student Center 10am-2pm * 
October 24 - 31 . Sacrif ice some free : 302 MC-Fourth College Provost lOam-4:30pm : 
lime under your favorite tree . ... ................ JtUI............... • .......................... . 

GOD-at UC8D? 
. Part D 

DR. lENO IENDLER AND DR. NURMAN em ER Will DEBATE THE TOPIC, CAN MIRACULOUS EVENTS 
OCCUR IN 1\ SPACE-TIME WORLD? SPECIFIC A TTENTION WILL BE GIVEN TO THE RESURRECTION OF . 
JESUS. AFrER THEIR PRESENTA TlONS, REBUTTALS WILL BE GIVEN BY EACH SPEAKER, FOUOWED WITH 
QUESTION , ~ROM THE AUDIENCE. THIS IS A FOLLOW-UP TO THE CAPACITY FILLED DEBATE BETWEEN 
DR. SAVILLf AND DR. GEISLER LAST APRIL 30th IN REVELLE CAFETERIA ON, THE EXISTENCE OF GOD. 

DR. UNO 'ENDLER, UCSD Profe.lor of Philolophy 
Phd. Honanl University . 
DR. NORMAN GEISLER, Prof .. lor of Phllolophy, Trinity Evangelical Seminary 
Phd. Loyola Univenity(Chicago) 
Moderator: Dr. Paul Saltman, Vice Chancellor of Academic AHairl UCSD 

Date and Location: Thurlday, November 4th Revelle Cafeteria 8:00-1 O:OOP .M. 
Admission: FREE Sponlored by Campul Crulade 

We .... y, Odoberl7, 1171 

Student 
Only 25 cents 

Personals 50 cents 
. . 

Non-students on 1 

STudENTS:EVERyTkiNG 100/0 off wi~ Tkis Ad 

DO/RY 
The Blue Lions 

. 

Open 7 days a w ek 
from 10-6 

15 % discount with this 
coupon or a Student I.D. 
from now till Ch~istmas 

Jewelry, Imported and 
Handcrafted clothing, crochet . 

bathing suits, Jewelry 

205 North Hwy. 101, Solana Beach 

HAL LOWEE 
~~DANCE 

FRIDAY NIGHT 
OCT. 29 
8:30pm 

'" UCSD MAIN GYM 
FEATURING 

··CELESRATIOn •• 
FORMERLY "FORTRESS" 

PRIZE FOR BEST CO T ME 
Fa,! FOR ALL CSO T DENT WITU 1.0. 

SPON ORfD BY UC 0 P.E. DEPT. 


