
UC Fee Repeal PropOsed to SBPC 
Gou. BroQln wins 0 IItde girl's heart at the openin~ 0/ the Scripps Clinic 
Medical Institutions by giuing her his autograph . Story on page B. 
[TT photo: Bill Brooks! 

Academic Seriate May. Revoke 
All Credit for PE Classes 

by David EiIeD 
Executive EdItor 

means giving some token points, 
I'm for it." 

by Joel C. DOD 
and Laura Richter 

In a statement to the meeting of 
the Student Body President's 
Council (SBPC) at UCSD Friday, 
UCSD student Steve Lopez 
proposed the complete abolition of 
statewide University of California 
fees. 

The meeting, held in the North 
conference room of the Student 
Center, began Thursday evening 
and continued all day Friday. In 
attendance were student body 
presidents as well as represen-
tatives from the various student 
organizations within the UC 
system. 

Lopez presented to the council a 
prepared scenario of the history of 
student fees, while objecting to 
registration and educational fee 
increases without student input 
and involvement. He suggested 
that " the nine UC Student Lobby 
interns work as a single task 
force" developing a bill to be in-
troduced in the state legislature to 
effectively eliminate statewide 
University fees. 

Reading from his prepared 
statement, Lopez said " if our fees 
continue to rise as they have in the 
last eight years, students in 1990 
can expect to pay about $1250 per 
year to attend the University of 
California,' and asserted that "at 

Not only are the odds now 
stacked heavily against more 
physical education classes 
receiving credits, but actions have 
been taken by the Academic 
Senate (AS) that indicate within a 
week a decision may be made to 
take away aU credits currently 
given for PE classes. 

The reactioo of.the PE depart-
ment to this development has been 
one of disappointment and 
disbelief, most heartily voiced by 
department head Howard Hunt: 

Most CEP members, however, 
disagree with Parrish, One said, 
"I'm all for physical health, but I 
think its childlike to have to give 
units for a student to take care of 
his body." North County Development 

Threatens Service Tax Hike 
"What has .happened is very 
disappointing to the whole 
department. It could set back what 
has been steady progress, and 
considerably hurt the morale of the 
staff." 

by Vera M.L Todorov 
Community EdItor 

North City West, a housing 
development proposed for the 
outskirts of Del Mar, may have a 
very important impact on the city 
because it could "tax public ser-
vices, " said Del Mar PlalUling 
Coounissioner Loren Kaye. 

, med necessary by Kaye, as 
"people moved into the area 
assuming that services would be 
provided and they weren't." 

The conflict began Oct. 29, when 
the AS committee on Education 
Policies and Courses (CEP) turned 
down a PE request to allow credits 
for two more classes. At the same 
meeting, the <EP decided to meet 
to review the current PE claIIes 
that are given.units~ 

Walter Kohn [TT Photo: Bill Brooks! 

The development, located east of 
Del Mar off Via de la Valle, would 
initially house approximately 
40,000 people with possible future 
projections of 100 to 150 thousand 
pe~~. <, '-. 

The review is set for Nov. 23, and 
Hunt has been invited to attend to 
present the arguments of his 
department. 

Pbysics professor Walter Kohn 
apoeed. "I feel rigit now tbat only 
classes with acadeinic content 
should get academic credit. I feel 
we should encourage students to 
take PE, but not in that way." 

The development Is having 
difficulty passing through the San 
Diego City Council because of its 
resemblance to the Mira Mesa 
housing developemnt. Kaye said 
that the Mira Mesa project, located 
between Interstate 15 and Mira 
Mesa Road, "was disastrous to the 
city." 

Prospects Dim 
An informal survey of the eight-

member CEP has shown, however, 
that Hunt's prospects do not look 
good. Unless the opinions of a 
majority of the conunittee waver, 
credits for all PE classes are likely 
to be taken away next year. 

A majority of the CEP members 
poUed agreed with those sen-
timents, but each added that his 
mind wasn't completely made up. 

CEP Vice-chairman Michael 
Parrish, a history professor, ap-
pears to be a strong supporter of 
credit for PE classes, saying that 
"Physical health is as importapt as 
mental health, and the University. 
should advocate this to students in 
whatever method possible. H this 

. The reviewing process was set up 
to give the members more in-
formation upon which to base their 
decision, and that a sound 
argument could conceivably 
change his mind. 

Similarities between the 
developments are seen by the fact 
that neither has provided funds for 
such needed services as schools, . 
fire prevention, police service, and 
mass transportation. In the case of 
Mira Mesa, "which somehow slid 
by the city council and the Plan-
ning Commission," said Kaye, the 
city had to solicit private financing 
through donations. This was ter-

Parrish noted that a CEP ~ul>­
committee which, last year, al>-
proved units for several PE 
classes, was apparently unaware 
"of an unbearing policy going back 

Continued on Page 8 

Speaking at OCSD 
Baraka: "Art Must Work with Revolution" 

by Sara J. Lowen 
Associate News EdItor 

Marxist poet Amiri Baraka (LeRoi Jones) said 
that art should "make people aware of the need 
to organize their lives around revolution," in a 
lecture here on art and revolution in the 19608 
and 70s last Saturday night. 

Speaking to an audience of 60 people in the 
Third College Lecture Hall, Baraka condemned 
the belief of art for art's sake as a "bourgeoisie 
ideal" and stressed the function of art as a tool in 
the Marxist-Leninist revolution. 

On the tQPic of the direction that black artists 
ha~e taken, Baraka said that a number pf black 
artiSts have found the focus for their work in 
Marxism. Baraka is involved with the Anti-
Imperialist Cultural Group which gives artists 
the chance to study Marxist-Leninist theory. 

Baraka believes that It is only through an 
overthrow of capitalist governments throughout 
the world that the liberation of black people can 
be achieved. The black nationalilt movement of 
the 1960s falled, Baraa uid, bee.... the 
Communist Party USA falled to support the 
movement. BecaUie the black naUonaIiIts 
couldn't fully realile their Pall tile blacll 
liberation movement •• ~ by the 
black bourIeoisie, the tenn BanU appUa to 
the civil rtchta wq of the black llberation 
movement. 

The black bourgeosie do not represent the 
interests of black people, Baraka feels, because 
they are opPortunistic and accept short range 
social reform because it benefits them 
economically. 

Because the black bourgeoisie dominated the 
black liberation movement of the 60s, much of 
the black art of the decade reflects bourgeoisie 
concerns. Baraka said that much of this so-
called black culture is just "a modern-day 
minstral show." According to Baraka, "The 
nUnstrel theme always reappears when there is 
a challenge to the current situation of blacks, 
such as the black nationalist movement 
presented." Baraka gave as examples of modern 
minstr.el shows such films as 'Blacula' and 
television shows like 'The Jeffersons.' 

Most of govenunent support for black·art in 
tem18 of grants and prizes has gone to those 
black artists who denied the existence of a black 
culture In the sixties. . 

Baraka said that he sees siCna that U.S. im-
perialist bale In the Third World ill cnllnbling 
with an end to US Influence in such couMliea as 
Vietnam and Mozambique. 'lbls wUl cut into U.S. 
cOl ponte profits, Baraka .ys, which will reault 
In lowered workers' salaries. Baraka believes 
that when their wages drop, .orken wtU become 
dilenchan&ed with the capitalist system and will 
JO'n in revolution te overthrow the )'Stem. 

Where Is tbe funding 
for schools? 

Phil Shafer, an aide to Coun-
cilman Floyd Morrow, said that 
"schools can't be financed by a 
'public assessment facility, ' which 
means the city can't fund through 
taxes in a specific assessment 
district. The city can only fund 
throqgh private donations which it 
is not going to do again." 

Shafer also said, "if the 
dewlopen don't put in public 
facilities, it probably won't go, but 
if the landowners give the city $10 
million to build the schools, there 
shouldn't be any problem. If North 
City West flies, it will be precedent 
setting, and people all over the 
country will wonder how it 
worked. " , 

Shafer detailed North City 
West's history in the City Council, 
saying the council was spilt four to 
four with Morrow holding the tie-
breaking vote. He chose to vote 
"no" when the issue emerged in 
the Spring of 1974 because of its 
burden on public services. In 
Spring 1975, Morrow changed his 
vote to yes, with the provision that 
the existing property owners pay 
for the public services. 

Shafer said, "the opponents will 
argue it is impossible to charge for 
schools in this way." He noted that 
the situation is extremely difficult 
in relation to school funding 
because "five or six different 
school districts overlap." 

People Opposed to Plan 
Planning Commissioner Kaye 

noted that a unique coalition of 
people in the San Dieguito School 
District were combining to oppose 
any bond issues that would fund 
any additional schools stimulated 
by the North City West develop-
ment. He said that the group is 
composed of "a bunch of right 
wingers and left wingers getting 
together for dissimilar reasons. 

The San Dieguito School District 
will start public hearings on the 
issue the first Thursday in 
December. Kaye said the Board 
has commissioned an ad-hoc 
COmmittee to look Into the 
problems on North City West and 
report their findings to the city. 

Shafer said public opinion 
, .... __ ~ earry elout one .ay 
or another ... tie stated that, ''the 
issue will come to a head within the 
next couple fl months, but the city 
makes basic land use decisions. 

"The mOIl Important impact on 
whether or not the development 

baed 011 Pac • 

this point , the University loses its 
public nature." 

Marco LIMandri , a UCSD 
student, stated that the SBPC is 
ineffectual and proposed the 
formation of a new organization 
out of SBPC to deal with the in-
stitutional problems of tuition, the 
role of the University in the State, 
investments in South Africa, CIA 
affiliations and the relationship of 
the University to science. The 
SBPC voted to consider LiMandri's 
proposal. 

Admission Policies 
Attention was given to un-

dergraduate admission policies 

, 
UCLA's S BPC graduate 
representatiue Bill Cormier. 
and the problem of designating 
guidelines for the admission of 
" disadvantaged" students . 
Presently UC policy anows for the 
top 12.5 percent of California high 
school graduates to be admitted 
into the system. However, recent 
UC studies show the top 20 percent 
of high school seniors are ad-
mitted. 

The Board of Admissions and 
Relations has proposed that the 
Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) be 
more heavily weighed in ad-
missions procedures . An 
Admissions Task Force, which 
includes two -members of the 
SBPC, feels that the SAT scores do 
not adequately evaluate high 
school applicants because they 
"tend to weigh heavily against 
minorities and persons of low in-
come background." 

As an alternative, the Task 
Force is exploring the possibilities 
of tightening grading 
requirements, devising new en-
trance examinations and giving 

. credit toward work experience. 
According to Jon Haber, c0-
director of the UC Student Lobby, 
all tests and grades are subjective, 
because all forms of student 
evaluation are subjective. Because 
of this he said that other criteria 
should be developed for allowing 
the admission of students who have 
broad educational backgrounds. 

Th Bakke Dec! ion 
On the graduate level, Donald 

Swain, UC Academic Vice 
President , has promised to fonn a 
task force on graduate admissions 
in lieu of the recent Bakke 
decision. 

Allan Bakke, a white student, 
was denied admi sion to the UC 
Davis School of Medicine in both 
1973 and 1974. However, UC Davis 

Continued OD Page 8 

In our Hticle last Friday 
headlined ... .,tudent Governm nt 
Referendum Date Set" we stated 
that three rncdels designed by th 
Task Force on Student GQycmance 
have air ady been p&acea Qo the 
referendum ballot. This is untrue. 
No model will be placed the 
ballot until it has gained the su~ 
port of 250 students on a petition. 

Th Triton Times regr ts this 
rror. 



t,imes 
... _-

n:!~ned editorials repr('S41nt a majority opinion 01 the Triton Times Editoritl 
rd. which is compos.!d of Executive editor David Elsen , Managing edito 

rk Stadler. News edllor Alan Russell , Statewide editor Alec Nedelman , 
ommunity editor Vera fodorov and Opinion editor Ran Anbar. All signed 
aterial and artwork represent the author's opinion and do nol necessarily 

enectthe vlew5'of the Triton Times . 

Don't Delay Referendum 
Originally, the referendum to select an official student government for 

UCSD was to be beld In late fall quarter of early wblter quarter. This was 
fine, as far as we're concemed. It would allow the government at least 
hall of this school year to set up operations and begin to "mctlon. 

Now, tbough, the Elections Beard, bas set-tentatlvely-the seventh 
week of next quarter for tbe referendum. This, we feel, Is unwise. 

The board has decided to allow any governmental model on the ballot 
that garners the support of Z50 students on a petition. That means any 
inodel that is supported by .03 percent of UCSD can be placed on the 
ballot-anytblng from no government to an enlightened despot to an 
absolute monarchy. There could be %5 models on the ballot. 

This means tbere will have to be at least one runoff between the models· 
that survive tbe first election. This means more delay in setting up an 
offlctal student government-somethiog UCSD badly needs. 

We can understand why there was some delay. The board wanted to 
wait until the proper channels for establishment of a referendum were 
observed. It properly refused the Chancellor's charge to hold a 
referendum, and waited until three of the five student governments 
requested the vote. Last week, finally, three-the Student Gooperative 
Union and the Revelle and Muir college councils-did request the 
referendum. 

Yes, we can understand some delay. But McElroy's charge was 
released at the beginning of the school year. It should not have taken 
seven weeks for the student governments and tbe Elections Board to get 
together and officially sanction the referendum. 

Even now when the board has set a tentative date for the vote, there 
remains an amazing lack of organization. Many crucial things remain to 
be done. The board still does not know how it will finance the referendum. 
The Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs has reportedly 
refused to fund the vote, even though It did fund the task force which 
initiated discussion leading to the referendum. 

In addition, the board has not yet set a schedule for hearings to solicit 
student input, nor decided how It will publicize information aboufthe 
referendum. 

For our part, we would like. to once again recommend that the Elections 
Board take great pains to make sure the choice between governmental 
models on the ballot is simple and clearcut. The final choice on the ballot 
should be between the .Coop and the model which gains the most popular 
support, by petition and at the open hearings . 

The Elections Board has a long way to go, and much to do. And student 
government at UCSD remains in limbo. 

!.' .~ i : :J:::PT. 

Out to Lunch 
The s ituation is familiar enough. A student calls an o.campus 

department with an urgent question. The phone rings and rings, but no 
one answers. 

Why? Because it is lunchtime. It might be between 11:30 and 12:30, or 
noon and 1: 00 or even 11: 00 and 1: 00. Butit is lunchtime, and so no one Is 
present in the office-or if someone is there, they aren' t about to answer 
the phone. 

It seems that department office workers prefe r eating lunch In large 
groups. This presents a real problem for students whose questions caunot 
wait lor lunch to end, J who only have time to phone during that period. 

A simple solution i1 at hand, though. Department heads should stagger 
their office workers ' Iwch breaks, so someone will always be present to 
answer the phone anll be responsive to student needs. Office workers are 
here to keep the ins .i~tion runnmg stnuolbly, t() hl'lp s tud nts, faculty 
memhers and adminrs~ ators. 

We're all for eati n ~ ~Ich . We just don't think everyone needs to eat at 
the sam e time. 

t r--- ---......:------------ -
The Triton Times is publls~ed by UCSO students as an official studenl ntlwspaper 

Publ lcal lon Is on Mor days. Wednesday. and Fridays during Ihe regular school year 
~except on olflclal hol,days) . EditorIal and business offices are· located In the Student 
Center at t~e UhIV9I'sity of California. San Diego. For editOrial . c811 452-3466. for business 
and display advertising . call 452·3468 

Letters to lhe edilor and opinion columns are welcomed . All submissions must be typed 
and double-.pa",,~ on a 74-space linp ThPy should not exceed , . , 12 pages in leng th 

Submitted malerial must bear Ihe name and sludent Identlflcat,on number of the author . 
Names can De withheld from publication on r.quesl . however the names WIll be held on f ile 
for publiC Inspection 

The Triton Times reserves tne rtght to edit submiSSiOns because of space limitations or 
slyle reqUifemenls 

Enl". conlents cOPyrtght 197 . Ihe Tnton Times 

......... 1 ••• '" Moaday, November 15,1171 

Letters to the Fellor 
Need Legal Help? Contact AUU 

What would you do if a policeman stopped you, 
late at night, after a party; or if your landlord 
decided to cancel your housing contract? Have you 
ever found yourself in unfair legal situations, with 
no one to turn to? 

organizatiOns section of the Student Center. Office 
hours are: Tues: 2-4, Wed: 3-5, Thurs & Fri : 9-11 
AM. Messages can be sent to the ACLU, Student 
Organizations, mail code B-023 (it's free!). 

Students wishing' to find out just what their rights 
are , or who would like to participate, may attend 
the meetings. on Tbursdavs. from 6-7. at the Revpllp. 
Coffee Hut. .All cases will be considered, re-
searched, and appropriate action taken. If 
necessary, cases may be referred to the San Diego 
ACLU lawyer's board, for legalproceedings. I 

To help with problems such as these, the 
American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU ) is now 
establishing a student chapter at ·UCSD. The goal of 
this new organization is to provide infonnation and 
support for students whose constitutional rights 
have been violated. These rights are not merely 
abstract concepts, suitable for lawyers and 
government classes, but apply directly to each 
person's daily life. Even so , most students are not 
aware of their existence. 

other programs ptanned include a movie, " All 
The King's Men" for next quarter, and an all 
campus survey, to be given the week of November 
15.19. The survey will attempt to discover what 
problems students have, and what steps are 
necessa ry to solve them. Student participation is 
essential, because the purpose of this organization 
is entirely for the benefit of UCSD students, and the 
protection of their rights. KIM FULTON 

The ACLU is currently looking for test cases, 
especially in the areas of law enforcement, and 
student housing. Anyone who has ' encountered 
trouble in these, or other areas concerning con-
stitutional rights, may contact the ACLU at the 

IT EXhibits Insensitivity, Callousness 
The November 8 issue of the 

Triton Times , is yet anoth~r 
exhibition of TT callouSness and 
lack of se'nsitivity for other 
people's concern. The letters from 
the UCSD Gennan House and the 
cancer ,?ictim were appeals to 
standards of human compassion. 
Both had legitimate points to make 
in response to Triton Times 
misrepresentation of facts, the 
latter being a particularly moving 

insight into the plight of a cancer 
victim. But, not unexpectedly, the 
Tr chose to ridicule both parties by 
including cartoons depicting the 
very attitudes these parties found 
to be derisive and apathetic . 

This is the standard Tr approach 
to human relations: who cares 
pbout other people's concerns as 
long as we can get a big laugh out 
of it at their expense? Since the 
explicitly racist April Fool's issue 

of 1974, the TT has been careful to 
victimize through its "humor'" 
only special interest groups and 
individuals who haven't the power 
to ojbect too strenuously. I resent 
the fact that this fonn of in·group 
humor is being rep~sented to the 
public through the "official" 
student media. 

Separate Editorial Comments 
It is bad enough that the TT 

insists on using caricature and 
mockery as its standard jour· 
nalistic approach to representation 
of student groups, but it is inex· 
cusably irresponsible to employ 
these same strategies on its letters-
to-the-editor page. This world is 
already oveply impersonal and 
dispassionate. Must this attitude 
be reiterated constantly in my 
school's "official student 
newspaper?" 

Please, please , please, the next time you wish to make an editorial 
comment on a letter to the editor, make it a separate entry. 

I wisn to make known that the cartoon next to the letter about the 
.GermanlIouse was not submitted with the letter (TT, Nov. 1) . Your 
cartoon made a mockery of the letter. You didn't allow the writers of the 
letter to express themselves in a reasonable way. 

If you wish to make further comments on letters you receive, please put 
a box around your comments, and make them obviously separate, lest 
you put the right of free speech into jeopardy. ROBIN TOWNE 

TOM BIELER 

UCSD is "An Ideal N1arxist Government" 
There IS a conunon miscon-

ception among many that there is 
no true government at UCSD. 
Some believe that the government 
is not representative, and there is a 
lack of interest in our nurdular 
corrununity. 

Not only is this false, but it is also 
~true~ In reality, our community 
IS an Ideal marxist government. 
The central gove rnment has 
dissolved, leaving the power in the 
hands of the nurds. 

Total anarchy reins. A truly 
ideal situation, but there are 
bureaucratic, capitalist swine who 
wis h to change this. These in-

I tellectual offenders are a disgrace 
not only to this school, but also to 
Boise, Idaho. These bureaucratic 
intestinal fungi should be dragged 
from their ever present houses and 
publicly nogged and shot. Then 
their s urviving family should be 
ridiculed in Korean . 

RidIculous, you say? Absurd? 
Prepos terous? Perhaps, and yet 

somehow erotic. In conclusion, I 
would very much like to conclude. 
In the famous words of Lenin, 
when asked how he manages to eat 
rodents, he replied, "I chew the 
meat and spit out the fur. I eatthat 
meat and that's for sure." 

Somehow this could be applied to 

our govenunent but I will not at· 
tempt to do so. It is the opinion of 
myself, and a few bicuspid 
bohemians in Indochina, that it is 
ridiculous to attempt to change 
something that no longer exists. 

FREDERICK W. BURNS 

Publidzing the Aikido Club 
The UCSD Aikido Club vastly appreciates any publicity that it gets, so 

thank YOU for YOur article of October 20. However. the article was so 
poorly researched and written that it served only to confuse or dissuade 
people from finding out more about Aikido and the Club. 

Aikido is a non-agressive martial art which is based on the principal of 
blending with. rather than opposing, the energy of an attack. "Aikido" 
roughly translates to " hannonizing with nature as a way of life." It is 
from this philosophy that the physical aspects of the art emerge. 

UCSD is exceedingly lucky to have Walter Muryasz, an excellent in-
structor, teaching the beginning and intermediate Aikido P.E. classes. 
The omission of his name from your article saddened those of WI in the 
Club who owe our introduction to Aikido to him. 

The Aikido Club offers classes on Monday nights, 8:00-9 :30, and on 
Saturday mornings, 11 :00-12:30. These classes are taught by various 
guest instructors brought in by the Club. Additional information on ac-
tivities can be found at the Rec Gym Office or on the Aikido bulletin board 
at the Student Center. RICK 8EHL 

RACHEL VOLBERG 
Memben, Aikido Club 

Monday, November 15,117' 

Fourth Students to Elect 
Government Representatives 

byMCBrlen 
Staff Writer 

The new Fourth College Constitution was adopted on October 28 and 
s tude.nts will be going to the polls next Monday and Tuesday to elect ~lose 
to thirty people to the new government, which replaces the Fourth 
College Forum. 

The main legislative powers of the recently implemented government 
shall be del':J(ated to six Boards, each with specific responsibility. 

Four reSident and two commuter students will be elected to the 
Program Board which will plan and organize various social, educational 
and cultural programs. Fourth College Resident Dean Mary Cox will 
a dvise the board. ' 

The Resi~ent Hall Board, also advised by Cox, will have one elected 
representat1v~ from eac~ hall . It will assist in hall programming, act as 
the Food Service Committee, and serve as the arbitrator between those 
living on campus, and the maintenance personnel. 

Commuter Students Have Own Board 

The Commuter BoaI;d, advised by Fourth College Activities Coor· 
dinator Paula Hui, will assess the rieeds of non-resident students and will 
work with the Off-Campus Service Office to plan programs and activities 
to help commuters become more active members of the UC San Diego 
community. Five commuter students will serve on this board. 

One representative from each class level shall serve on the Career/Life 
Planning Board, advised by Assistant Dean Jenni Murray. It will work in 
conjunction with the Career Planning and Academic Internship 
programs to give Fourth students a better opportunity to investigate 
careers and life plans which interest them. 

The Executive Board, made up of two elected students and four elected 
fac ulty members, and advised by Provost Lea Rudee, will be responsible 
for the college's academic program, and will recommend ways of getting 
students more involved in the College. 

Four students will be elected to the Judical Board, along with two 
faculty and two staff members. They will judge cases concerning 
academic dishonesty, administrative violation, and constitutionality. 
Gary Frost, Fourth College Dean, will c(K)rdinate the Judicial Board's 
activities. 

Two representatives from each of these six standing committees will be 
elected to the Fourth College Student Government Cabinet. Its purpose is 
to co-ordinate the activities of the six boards and serve as the college's 
official mouth piece. Hui will be its advisor. 

All Fourth College students, whether enrolled part time or full time, are 
eligible to run for office. Statements of candidacy may be picked up at 302 
MC and can be found in the recent issue of "Go Fourth". The deadline for 
lelters of candidacy, which are to be turned into 302 MC, is Wednesday at 
4:30. . 

-fEst--TA-STE-' 
OUR TACOS 

BRING THIS 
COUPON FOR 

YOUR FREE 
TACO WITH 

ANY PURCHASE 
THROUGH DEC. 31 

~--------------------------------------~ 
• « • • « • « • • • • « • • • • • • « « • • • « • « « • « • « 

PUBLIC SERVICE CAREER INFORMATION DAY 

AN OPPORTUNITY FOR ucso STUOENTS TO FINO 
OUT ''WHAT'S HAPPENING" IN FEOERAL STATE 
CITY ANO COUNTY AGENCIES. WHERE 00 YOU ' 
FIT INI WHAT MAJORS 00 THEY HIRE1 WHAT 

r KINO OF WORK 00 THEY 007 FINO OUTi 

FIELDS TO BE COVERED 

AIR POLLUTiON CONTROL 
ENVIRONMENTAL ANAL YSIS 
PUBLIC HEALTH 
COMMUN1TY MENTAL HEALTH 
PARKS /I. RECREATION 
SANITATION 80 FLOOD CONTROL 
PROBATiON 
PAROLE 
FRANCHISE TAX BOARD 

SOCIAL SECURITY 
YOUTH AUTHORITY 
REHABIlITATION 
SC IENr)FlC RESEARCH 
AOMINISTRATION 
PERSONNEl 
NATU RAL PARK SERVICE 
SOCI AL WElFARE SERVICES 

GOVERNMENT AGENCIES PROVIDE lOUT OF 4 JOBS IN TO DAYS WORLO I 

WHERE IS YOURSI 

REVELLE PLAZA WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 17. 11118 

10:00 A.M. - 3:00 P.M. 

PRESENTED 8Y CAflEEII 'LANNlfIIG • 'LACEMENT SERVICE WERE HERE TO HEl~ 
- . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

Page 3 

,· .... ·· .... ·· ... ·~ ...... ··"'··'··'· ..... ·· .... 1 

!~~ 
, 327 F Street . , 

l PAYSDONDRS ~ 
( for Service " 

94c SPECIAL 

I Mon.· Fri . 
t 233·5481 i 

ROJl chero- Lot8 of uv~ado, tom81~8, alfalfa srlrouls, baco 
bits topped with piping hot melted jock and cheddar 
c h eescs ... d e liciou8! Rej1;ulor 11.35 
Please bring th is coupon to any location . Good after 4 p.m . only. Elpir!S Dec. 31. 1976 

i 234·4601 I 
. ....... ~.~ .. _ .. _ ......... ~ ......... _ .. ~ .. _.t La Jolla · 621 Pearl Street. 4595474 0.1 Mar · llJOCamlno D,"';.r. 481 ·0164 Paclhc Beach - 1651 GarnelAve 27()'0760 

Urban I Rural Siudies 
Wlnler Courses Are OpeD 

10 All Siudenis 
The lollowlna Iisl 01 courses Will be ollared by DIe 
.....n and RUNI Studies Program during Ihe Wlnler 
QUII'I" 1977. II YOU hive Iny quesllOnl realrdlng 
any ollhe courses, Dlelse conllGllhe ua omce, 
411 Mllllle. Campus, eltenslon 3892. 

24 
1071 
110 
1201 
1211 
129 
141 
151 
1701 
111 
190 
111 
199 

URS WllTER QUIltER ICHEDULE: 
SOCllly 10 ICllOo (lbrlmOlleh) 

. Rlllirch 10 POliCY Formilion (1IImblldl) 
lalrOduCiloo 10 Piiooiol aod Urblo DIIIIODmlol (Sllmbllda) 
SOCIII POliCY lod 10cIII PlIOOIOI (HlnIIZ) 
POliCY lod PIIOOIOI In Hllhlr EduClllOO (HIUltZ) 
DI.IClI Modlllni (Thoma I) 
Call Sludlll 10 Hlallh Care prOJPlml (Iulh) 
IIPICII o. IllCk Idlollly (Thomll) 
SOCia- Economic CiliAle 10 DIIIIODIOI Irell (8Iumbarl) 
Filid Siudial 10 Urblo lod lural Iludlll 
SaIlor Slmlllr '1IIIItz) 
Dlr&elld araup Ilud, (ilarn 
10dlllldlRI Slud, (Slim 

URS 148: Cale Siudies In Heilib Care Progrlms 
Dr. Inn BUlh, Inslructor 

Thl purDOle 011.11 eourll II 10 SIIICI Ideolilled DOpulllloOI wllh 
IPlc111 Olldl lad rllil. Ihelr 1IIIuI 01 Clrl. riciorl Inriulociol 
10cidiOCI or dlllill lod hellih probleml, Dolllicil 10d lelllllllll 
mallurel rallied 10 Ihe Drolilioo or cara. Thll Would ba DODulilioo 
II rllk (halllh-.lle)--Ihl Door (rurll lod urbal), molherl aod 
clllldrlo. alderly. 

PREREQUISITEI: UPPlr DlvlllOO 1II0dlni or PlrmlSSloo 
01 Inslruclor (dlPlrlmlolll Illmp). 

MoodlYI. 4:00 10 1:50 p.m. TLH 110 

URS 24: SOClely In Icllon • 
Prolessor J. IbramovlCh, Instructor ( 

Thll COUrl1 locludll IDCIII IlrlllllCllioo. IYDOIOIIII. aod 10dlciiori I 
OIIOCIII 1IPIIilIClIIOI. ·loCIII CIIII. COllilel. Ind IOClII clllnil. 
Fu ....... I.1 1 •• 0'lllell I.DrOICh.1 ..... IIUlly •• llt lboll IDCI.I 
•••••••••• 111.11 I •• CIUrs. I •• 'IAlIlY •• duc.IIII.J II. .coo.llie 
Ilr.CluPiI .,11 II .IICIII •• II ... CI.II.I ., IICIII ClIII.1 II. 
c •• nlci. 

rIEIEIIIIITES: •• 1 
III-IIII-Fri 3:00-3:10 D.m. liS 22S0 

-



1 ....... 111IIrfii 

I'S ()~I 11/1(t-11/~ 
"muloaa illlIle Gallery," Mandeville Art Gallery. Exhibition ci paintings by New Yurk 

artist. Alan Turner. and a gallery installation of the film "Swinuner." by Bill Lundberg. 
Gallery hours are noon to 5 p.m. Sun. througb Fri. Exhibit througb Dec. 2. 

Noon 12-1 pm -CoDtlltioolDg. Wrestling Room. 
1-2 pm - Folk Daace. Rec. Conf. Room. .. 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Cbem. CUBic. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Biological 

Sciences. 410 HI.. (basement) . . 
3 pm - 4:30 pm - Revelle lleademlc eowaselors will be in the Conununity Center to give 

academic counseling on registration for Winter quarter. Conununity CenterlRevelle. 
3 pm - MeetiDg. Revelle RHB (Residence Hall Board). Conununity Center Conference-

Room. -
3-' pm - Table TeDDIa. Rec. Conf. ROOm. 
3 pm - SemlDar .. Space Re.earcb ad the New AltropIIylic:s, room 2333 H&SS Bldg .• 

Muir. Dr. Hannes Allven, "Electric Currents in Cosmical Plasmas." 
4 pm - Lecture. Paul Wallace Gates. prci essor ci history. emeritus. in Cornell Universitv. 

Subject: "Henry George and California Land Policy". Third College Lecture Hall 1104. 
Free. 

4 pm - Tbeoredeal Solid State Pby.lcs SemlDar, room 1110 P&tL Bldg., Muir. Dr. David 
Dahl. "Electromagnetic Tbeory of Quasi-2 Dimensional Systems." 

4 pm - Solid Mechanic. aod Structurea SemiDar, room 7104 Urey Hall, Revelle. Prof. J. T. 
Oden. Univ. of Texas. "Theory of Mixed and Hybrid Finite Element Methods with 
Applications in Elasticity. " 

4-5 pm - GSU steering committee meeting. Student Center Lounge Conference Room. 
4 pm - Fourth College Ad-Hoc Programming Committee Meeting. Students interested in 

planning. carrying-out and evaluating Fourth College events should plan to attend. 701 MC. 
4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 
4 pm - Meetint. RPB (Revelle Program Boa rd) . 
4: 30-6: 30 pm .-Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
:Hi pm - Conditioning Club. Wrestling Room. 

~7 pm - Belly Dance. North Balcony. 
5 pm - CPB pop events subcommittee meeting. Vice Chancellor Conf. room, Bldg. "B". 

Student Center. 
:Hi pm - Aikido East Conf. Room Student Center. 8-9:30 pm Wrestling Room. 

~9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling. infonnation. and appointments. Rap session at 
7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. 

5 pm - Student Center Board Meeting. Student Center. 
5:30-6:30 pm- Horseback Riding Club. La Jolla Farms. 
6-9 pm - Snow Ski Club. H&SS 1330. 
6:30 pm - Student Cooperative meeting. North Conference Room. Student Center. 
7-8:30 pm - Revelle academic counselors will be in the Revelle Side Door to give 

academic counseling on registration for Winter Quarter. Revelle Side Door. 
7 pm - Meeting of the Christian Science Organization. Everyone is invited to drop in. 

Revelle Informal Lounge. 
7:30-11 pm - Chess Club Meets. All are welcome. Revelle Coffee Shop. 
7:30 pm - Student's International Meditation Society Advanced Lecture for all tran-

scendental Meditators. "Evolution From the 5th to the 6th State of Consciousness". Revelle 
Formal Lounge . Free. 

8 pm - American Cetacean Society Meeting, Sumner Aud .• SIO. Bruce Stevens, killer 
whale trainer at Sea World will present a film. " We Call Them Killers. " Free. 

S-U pm . -israeU Folk Dance- Review S-9. dances by request 9-11; Rec Gym Con. Room. 
Free. 

U.S. Geological Survey. For further information concerning this organization and to sign 
up for an interview. please come into the Career Planning and Placement Service. Student 
Center, Bldg. " B". 

8:30 am - Meeting. RCCA (Revelle Committee on College Affairs ). 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS BIH:hem. Clinic. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Biological 

Sciences. 410 HL (basement). 
Noon 12-1 pm - Conditioning. Wrestling Room. 
3-5 pm - CPP "Decision Making and Goal Setting" Muir Apts. TV Lounge. 
3-5 pm - Vocational Counseling Sessions. For students concerned about their occupational 

or vocational futures. Also. for students concerned or confused about t_heir major. Advanced 
appointments required. Call 3490 for appointment. Robert Kavanaugh. Ph.D. leader. 
Revelle Counselor's Office. 

3 pm - Coloquium by Prof. Aristide R. Zolberg (Poli Sci University of Chicago) "Ethnicity 
and Politics". Revelle Formal Lounge. 

3:30 pm - Archery. Room 20. R~c. Gym. 
3:30 pm - Field Hockey. Muir Field. UC San Diego vs. Cal Poly Pomona. 
4 pm - Chemical Physics Seminar, room 2622 USB. Revelle . or. Bob Palmer. I.R.T. 

Corp .• San Diego. "Surface Chemistry and Catalysis." 
4-5 pm - Karate, North Balcony. 
4 :3().6 :30 pm - Gymnastics. South Balcony. 
6-9 pm - Birth Control Clinic. Counseling. information. and appointments. Rap session at 

7 pm. All welcome. Student Health. 
5 pm - Bowling. Rec. Conf. Room. 
5 pm - Politjournal meeting: all interested students welcome. HL2550. 
6 pm - UCSD Photo Club re-organizational meeting. Gameroom. Student Center. 
6-7 :30 pm - Outing Club_ Rec. Conf. Room. 
6: 30 pm - Planninr, Meeting, Union of Jewish Students. Student Organizations Conference 

Room. Student Cent .r. 
7 pm - 10 pm - Ba)'(a,l Folk Dancing: 7-8 beginners, 8-8 :30 intermediate. 8:30-10 dances by 

request. Please note new location: USB 3010. 25 cents students/50 cents non-studcnts. 
8 pm - UCSD Mu: ;i~ Department Atomic Cafe - forwn for outrageous, creative events. 

Mandeville Center. Hecital Hall . Free. 
8 ~m - "The Chury Orchard." UCSD Theatre. Matthews. Chekhov's play about the 

RUSSian landed gent ry soon tn hf>-toopled by the turmoil of the 20th century. The play, under 
the direction of Dra na Dept. Chairman Arthur WIlISIl r. '.ViiI run through Nov. 21. General 
admission : $3.50. AJ i students : $2. Tickets available from noon to 4 p.m. Mon: through Fri. 
at the UCSD Theatn . tor information telephone : 452-3791. 

I I, I ' 

8 am - Dr. Hans Spiegelberg: Structure of Immunoglobulins of Different Class&! and 
Subclasses. Central Pavillion Amphitheatre. Salk Institute. 

9 am - Dr. Hans Spiegelberg: Biological Activities of Immunoglobulins of Different 
Classes and Subclasses. Central Pavilion Amphitheater. Salk Institute. 

9 am ~ Motivatlo~aI Workshop. For students who feel very lethargic and unmotivated 
academically. The a~m of the workshop will be t6 help the students become more enthused 
and more successfulm hiS or her academic pursuits. Revelle's Counselors Office. x3490. 

10 am - 3 pm - Public Servlc areer Day. An opportunity for UCSD students to find out 
" What·s Happening" in federnl. sl<lte, city and county agen ies. Where do they fit in? What 

majors do they hire? Wbat kind of wont do they do'! Find out. Revelle Plaza. 
Noon - AMES FUm Serlel, room 7104 Urey Hall. Revelle. "Vorticity. As. I and II." 
Noon - Landadme COIleeft, Mandeville Rklgt Hall. Peter Kaircif will give a piano 

recital. Free. 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS Blo-Cbem. aJaic:. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Biological 

Sciences. 410 HL (basement). 
Noon 12-1 pm - CoDditioolDe. Wrestling Room. 
12 noon - Rape Task Foree meetiDg. Women's Center. Student Center. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control CIbdc. Counseling.infonnation. appointmentl, call 452-2669 or 

drop by. Student Health. 
12:30 pm - Concert. Matthews Cafeteria. Acoustic guitarists John Adler and Bruce 

Bekkar. Free. 
12: »-2: 30 pm - Sell t1inic. For students seeking information or cOWlleIing about human 

sexual functioning. Hugh Pates, Laurie Kuhn. DalYM Proffitt leaders. Revelle Counselor's 
Office (next to the Provost's Office). 

1-2 pm - Folk Daaee. Rec. Conf. Room. 
1 pm - Graduale Stade. Co_cO meeUq. North Conference Room, Student Center. 
2 pm - Ad Hee Comm. for Fourth College Progranuning, 701 M.C. 
Wpm - Table TeDDil. Rec. Conf. Room. 
3-4:30 pm - Nat. Sci. IC preseatl 2 free films: From Dr. Bronowski's Ascent of Man. 

Generation Upon Generation (a 'review of genetic research, its possibiUties and im-
plications) and an NIH study on The Development ci a Mongoloid Child. 1205 HL Bldg. Free. 

4 pm - New Poetry Seriel, Revelle Formal Lounge..Pat Traxler, who characterizes her 
own perspective as "determined by the shape of a human life." wiD read selections from her 
poetry. Free. _ 

4 pm - Pbyslcs CoUoquium. Speaker: Dr. Oscar Vilches. University of Washington. 
Topic : Doing Physics With Quasi-Two Dimensional Matter. USB 2622_ 

4-5 pm - Karate. North Balcony. 
4:30 pm - Department of Neurosciences Seminar. Speaker: Stepben F. Heinemann. 

Ph.D .• Associate Research Professor of Neurobiology. The Salk ' Institute. Topic: 
"Modulation~f Acetylcholine Receptor". Room 2100. Basic Sci. Bldg. Free. 

4: 30 pm - J. V. BasketbaU, Rec. Gym. UC San Diego vs. T J Tech. 
4:~: 30 pm - GYm.Jl88tics. South Balcony. 
5 pm - Dance Drill Team. Rec. ConffRoom- Tryouts. 
:Hi pm - Condltloninl. WresUinll Room. 
5 pm - Dr. Lee HartweU, Department of Genetics University ci Washington. Seattle: 

Control ci Cell Division in Yeast. Host: Dr. William Loomis. Room 1330, Humanities and 
Social Sciences Building. Muir Campus. 

6-7:30 pm-BeDy Daoce, Student Center. 
6-9 pm - Surf Club. H&SS 2305. 
6-8 pm - BalInIaI u.dq. Rec:. Conf. Room. 
6 pm - Surf Club Meeting. HSS 2305. 
6-10 pm - Free cbUdcare at the Women's Center. A great opportunity to use the library! 
7:30 pm - Babal Film Festival- "And His Name Shall Be One" and "Step by Step". two 

films about the Babai Faith will be shown in USB 2622. Everyone is invited to attend. you'U 
be glad you did. USB 2622. free. , 

7:30-9 pm - Nat. Sci. IC present. 2 free films: From Dr. Bronowski's Ascent of Man, 
Generation Upon Generation (a review of genetic research. its possibilities and im-
plications) and a NIH study on The Development of a Mongoloid Child. 1205 HL Bldg. Free. 

7:30 pm - Trident Christian Fellowship meeting. Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7:30 pm - International Club Speaker Series, International Center. Matthews. Speaker 

and topic to be announced. Free. . 
8 pm - "The Cherry Orchard." For details see 8 p.m. Tues. 
S-12 midnight - "Game Night" and "Disco" at The Pub. Challenge your friends to bid 

whiz. hearts. spades. etc .• while sipping near-beer and munching great pizza. Bring your 
favorite records. Third College Snack Bar. Free. 

tlllJrm, 
8 am - Dr. Frank DtllOll: EUology and Pathogenesis of Glomerulone. (2 HOUl'8). 

Central Pavilion Amphitheater. Salk Institute. 
9 am - Notre Dame Law Scbool group meeting. Student Center Complex B. . 
10 am - noon - Interview Techniques and Practice Workshop: Prepare for your em-

ployment interviews. Learn how to be more effective; become more relalled and self-
confident through practice interviewing. Please sign up at Career Planning and Placement. 
Bldg. B. Student Center. 

Noon - Meeting of the Conununications Student Union. Communications Lounge. 
Noon 12-1_ConditioolDg. Wrestling Room. 
12-1 pm - Cblcano Staff Association meeting. Vice Chancellors Complex Room lllA. 

Free. 
12-4:30 pm - Birth Control Clinie. Counseling. information. appointments. call 452-2669 or 

drop by. Student Health. 
12-4 pm and 6-9 pm - OASIS BIH:hem. Clinic. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Biological 

Sciences. 410 HL (basement). 
12:30 pm - Sumner Noon Series, $umner Aud .• SIO. Mr. Phil Coben will present the film. 

"The Human Brain." which introduced two new methods of exploring the brain. Free. 
1:30 pm - Dept. of Neurosciences -Special Seminar. Speaker: James A. Simmons; Ph.D .• 

Associate Professor of Psychology. Washington University. St. Loliis. Topic: "Acoustic 

by Dr. Littlema 

Just a reminder - questioDl must 
he submitted by 3 p.m. WedDesday 
the week before .pubUcatlon to lie 
consldt:,red, but the earller the 
better. All questioDl will eventually 
be answered hefore tbe end of the 
quarter, but rfght now we are an-
swering them in the order in wblch 
we receive them. 

Dear Doc: Is It true that the city of 
Tarzana is named afler the famous 
Tanu? Also, is It true that you are 
from Tarzana aDd YOllr real name 11 
Cheelab? I've been looklog for you 
aU tbese yean! Love, JaDe. 
'Dear Jane: IT'S TRUE. ITS 

TRUE! Tarzana is named after the 
jungle character created by Edgar 
Rice Burroughs. BurrolJlhs made 
his home in UU area located In the 
San Fernando Valley suburbs of IAlS 
Angeles. Dr. Llttleman Is the nom-
de-plume of two writers. one of 
whom is from Tanana. However. he 
says that if you want to dIscuu his 
family background you will have to 
do it In person. Leave your full name 
and telephone nwnber in the Triton 

Times office ' 
tleman. and 

arra~ed. 

Dear Doc: 
of plywood 
Studeat Center 
the ratio 01 
Ooon .. eeon 
was tbe Dard 

We have it 
the t'sycnuury 
med 
kind of 
misplaced 
sicklejl. We 
According to 
McKim, there 

plywood In 
buildlalarea 
second ftoor Is 
Inside of 
noorspace In 

1 ........ 111 •• .,. 

Imaging in BatSonar". Room 2100, BuicSci. Bldg. Free. 
2 pm - DIu ..... S ..... UaJen IDee"'" Everyone welcome. DSU Office. Student 

Center. 
2 pm - Martae Cllealatry Semblar - Speaker: Dr. Garrison Sposito. University ci 

California. Riverside. Subtect: "Recent studies on the Chemistry of metal comoluinll. 
soluble organic matter extracted from soil affected by municipal waste". ?145 Ritter Ha U. 

3-4:30 pm - 0pUeaI SIpal ProceIIIa. SemlDar. "Laser Photography of Cavitation", Dr. 
Albert Ellis. UOiD Ames Dept. APM 3218. I •• 

3 pm - RepJar Womea'i Cnter IDeeUae. All women welcome. Women's Center. Student 
Center. 

3: 30 pm - Field Hockey, Muir Field. UC San Diego vs. Palomar College. 
3:30 pm - C.moebemJatry SemlDar, room 2102 Urey Hall. Revelle. Dr. K. Gopalan. 

Physical Research Lab., Ahmedabad, India. "Dhajaia. India Stone Meteorite: Noble Gases 
and Cosmogenic Radioactivity." 

4 pm - COIIIJIIIIter 8tadeat MeetIDl. 302 MC. 
4 pm - SYlteml Sdellee SemiJlar, room 7104 Urey Hall. Revelle. Prof. John V. Breakwell. 

Stanford Univ .• "Pursuit of a Faster Evader." 
4 pm - A ..... plty.leI-S .. ee PbYliel SemIDar, room 2622 USB. Revelle. Dr. Edwin E. 

Salpeter. Cornell Univ., "Neutral Hydrogen and the Masses of Galaxies." 
4 pm -1OP .... fIY Ph)'llel SemlDar, room 1148 H-L Bldg., Revelle. Dr. Tom M~yer. 

UCLA. "A Measurement ci the Total Elastic and Inelastic Diffraction Cross Sections at the 
CERNISR." 

4 pm - Dr. Ja_ H. WUeemb, Senior Research Fellow. Seismological Lab .• CaITech. 
Pasadena: Recent Advances in Earthquake Prediction Research. Host: Dr. Jonas Salk. 
Small Seminar Room. Salk Institute. 

4-5 pm- Karate. North Balcony. 
4::J0.6:30pm- y .... Adaptive Room or check wlEDNA 
4:30 pm-ouUne Clabo Check-out Instoragearea. 
5-6 pm - Aikido. East Coof. Room Student Center. 
:Hi:30pm-BaUroom Duee. Rec. Conf. Room. 
S pm - Native American Student Organization Meeting. Lobby. Bottom Floor. Bldg. A. 

Student Center. 
6 pm - Friends of &he UCSD Library FaU DInner Meeting, La Jolla Country Club. Higb 

Street Extension. No-host cocktails at 6 p.m. to be followed by dinner at 7 p.m.--Guest 
speaker will be Louis M. Loe'b. "Reminiscing - Forty Years as General Counselfor the New 
York Times." $7.50 per person. Reservations should be made no later than Nov. 16. For 
more infonnation telephone: 452-3061. 

6 pm - ACLU dinner meeting to discuss the progress of the StudeDt Grievance Board and 
other chapter activities. Coffee Hut. 

7-8 pm - "SolzheniuyD .peab on The Voice of Freedom." A movie showing this Nobel 
Prize winning Russian speaking out against tyranny and oppression. HL 1438. SOc donation. 

7 pm- Meetiag. Revelle HPA (Hall Program Advisors). 
7 pm - "CbrUt in ADeleDt Amertca" class and L.D.S. club meeting. 9527 La Jolla Fanns 

Rd. The little white house aC[l)ss from Tioga Hall. 
7 pm - USA meetblg - all interested please attend. Refreshments. North Conference 

Room. Student Center Complell. 
7 pm - MeeUne P.IIoUtk Urallitea. Gameroom Conference Room, Student Center. 
7-10 pm - Fencing. West Balcony. 
7:30 pm - Bahal FDm Fe.tival- "And His Name Shall Be One" and "Step by Step". two 

films about the Bahai Faith will be shown in USB 2622. This is the moment you've all been 
awaiting. Come and find out why. USB 2622. Free. 

7:30 pm - Assertiveness Training Worksbop followed by a showing of the film by and 
about women at UCSD: "Guess Again." Women and men are invited to participate in the 
workshop. see the film. and engage in lively discussion! Sponsored by Third College 
Program Board. Third College Commons. Room 104. Free. 

7:30-10 pm - Christmas at Gallery 8, an exhibit an<t sale of handcrafts: Africa and the 
World. featuring works by African Heritage of Narobi and Treasures to wear by Alexandra 
L. of Los Angeles. International Center. Film of Africa and UCSD Madrigal Singers ... 

7: 30 .pm - Lecture-Discussion, H-L Aud .• Keveile. Rabbi Leo Abrarni. Berkeley; Dr. A. 
Muhshin EI-Baili. Director. Islamic Foundation ot Southern Calif .• and Dr. George Grose. 
director, Interreligious Dialogue, will present "Jew-Moslem-Christian. Can They Relate? 
Free. 

7:30 pm - Meeting of Solar Energy Group. Speaker on state of the art in waterlhouse 
heating; and on San Diego Solar Energy Testing Station. Informal Lounge. 

S pm - Geological Sciences Seminar. Department of the Scripps Institution of 
Oceano~aphy. Speaker: Dr. Don Gorsline, Department of Geological Sciences. University 
of Southern California. Subject : Basin Sedimentation Studies. IGPP Conference Room. 

H pm - "The Cherry Orchard." For details see 8 p.m. Tues . . 
8 pm - UCSD Dnma Dept. presents: The Inner City Cultural Center's Productions of 

"The Blood Knot" by Athol Fugard. Mandeville Aud. $3.50 general. $2.00 students. Tickets 
atUCSD. 

frlclCl, 
lOam - 4 pm - Christmas at GaUery 8, an exhibit and sale of handcrafts : Africa and the 

World. featuring works by African Heritage of Narobi and Treasures to wear by Alexandra 
L. of Los Angeles. International Center. 

10 am - Forum, room lllA Matthews. The I~titute for Continued Learning will present 
Waller S.J. Swanson. "A Man Novelist looks at Three Women's Works." Free. 

12-4 pm - OASIS BiH:hem. CUnic. Tutoring in Chemistry and the Biological Sciences. 410 
HL (basement). 

12-1 pm - Noon Concert featlll'4lg Copenhagan. Revelle Plaza. 
12~ pm - Table Tennis. Rec. Conf. Room. 
Noon - Center for Music Experiment Colloquium, Bldg. 408. Matthews. Composer Pauline 

Tbe University uses the $3 late fee 
as an income item for part of the 
University operating budget. It is 
expected each year that a certain 
percentage of students will wait 
until after mid-terms and then 
decide to drop. So. by charging these 
students a fee. the University Is able 
to generate income. So, as long as 
we students keep dropping classes 
late. the University will keep 
charginl! us for it. 

Dear Doc: Why are &hey dlggbag 
up North Torrey Pillet RoIId bet-
ween GeDeaee aad Malr puklq lot? 

According to Dr. D. Kay. the 
ellcavalion is SCIIIle long needed root 
eanal wort which 1JOD·thUrt,so .... 
your bead back and open wide. The 
area in q1lelUon 11 private property. . 
owned by the Torrey Pines Research 
Park. They felt the land needed 
some improvemenu and widening 
the road wa. one of those im-
provements. Now. did that really 
Imt! 

Dear Dr. Uttleman: Why do most 
departments close during lunch, 
Instead of staggering lunch bours so 
the phone can be answered? 

Many times what some people 
have for lunch causes them to 
stagger. but not the case here. In 
February. 1974, a paid working day 
was established. calling for the 
average working day to look like this 
- Work 8:~12:30:Lunch 12 : ~I:OO. 
Work 1:00-4:30. Most departments 
observe this thirty minute lunch 
period. but each department 
chalrman has the option of when 
hWher staff may have the half hour. 
H the unending phone rlngIng Is 

driv~ you mad. get your friends 
lOIether and CCIIIIpIain in large . 
numbers to the individual depart-
ment heads. Also, e&tch the 
Editorial page In today'. Triton 
Timea for more on the subject. 

"AU I Dow 11 what I read ID the 
paper." wm Roten. 

Oliveros will present a paper on her composition CROW n, which will be followed ilY a tape 
of the performance. Free. 

Noon - Bioebemiliry Semlaar, room 2100 BSB. Med. School. Dr. Howard Schachman. UC 
BerkeleYl "Crou Talk 8etweenSubunits in a Regulatory Enzyme." 

12-4:30 pm - Birth Control CliDk:_ Counseling. information. appointments, call 45!l-2669 or 
drop by. Student Health. 

12 :05 pm - Manne Biology Seminar, room 307 Vallghan Hall. SIO. Dr. Donald Helinski. 
"Recombinant DNA Research: Benefits and Risks." 

2-4 pm - Reaume WrltlDc ud Critlqae Workshop: A how-tO'd~it workshop on resume 
fWldamentals. Resumes are discussed in the context of the total job-hunting process. If you 
have a reswne (or a draft of one) bring it for critique. Please sign up at Career Planning and 
Placement, Bldg. "8". Student Center. 

2 pm - AMES-Bioengineering Seminar, room 2100 BSB. Med. School. Dr. J.M. Fitz-
Gerald. Univ. of Queensland, "Mathematical Studies of Blood Flow and Red Blood Cell 
Defonnation. " 

2-4 pm - CPP "Resume Wrltlog It: Critiqne Workshop" Multi-Purpose. Bldg. B. Student 
Center. . 

3 ' pm - f..Iqulsties Q,Uoqulnm, room 1110 P&tL Bldg., Muir. Prof. Dwight Bolinger. 
Stanford Univ .• "Some Intonation Universals." 

3 pm - PbUoeepIIy Dept. CoUoquJum. Robert Foelbert (UCSD) "The Nature of Habits". 
Revelle Formal Lounge. 

4-5 Dm - Karate. North Balconv. 
4 pm - OrganJc Chemistry Seminar, room 2622 USB. Revelle .. J on Geibel. "Syntheses and 

Properties of Models of Oxygen Carrying Hemoproteins." 
4:30 pm - Vanity BasketbaU, Rec Gym. UC San Diego will scrimmage with Camp 

Pendleton. . 
6: 30 JXIl - ODeg Sbabbllt Dbuler, Potluck. singing. dancing. services. bring your favorite 

non-meat disb. sponsored by UJS. North Conference Room. Student Center. 
7-9 pm - Team Handball. Rec. Gym. 
7 pm - X-Rated Movies, Mandeville Aud. The Rugby Club will sponsor "The Devil and 

Miss Jones." General admission: $2.50. UCSD students: $2. 
7:30 pm - The Greater Way of Freedom." How to master freedom at all levels. including 

in the subconscious. Also. we will discuss our Thanksgiving weekend class on "Spiritual 
Survival". to be held in Julian. New room: Muir Biology ll03. 

8-11 pm - International Folk Dancing: Instruction from S-9 with dances by request 9-11 ; 
the entire campus community is invited. APM 2402. 25c students. SOc non-sludents. 

8 pm - The Headkeeper Weekend Clnb. Musical entertainment by " Rae Rick and Kevin" 
at Fourth CoUege's own coffee house. Party will follow. Matthews Commons. Free. 

8-11 pm - Women's Concert: An evening of women's music. A benefit to rebuild the 
Women's Center's Library. Laura. Connie. Daina and Karen will be performing. Donation 
of one women's book to rebuild Women's Center library. Student Center Lounge. 

8 pm - "The Cherry Orchard" by Anton Chekhov, UCSD Tbeatre. 
11:30 pm - DoD McLean Concert, Main Gym. McLean, a musician with over three 

thousand songs of every type in his repetoire is noted for such works as "American Pie." 
"Vincent" and "I Love You So," General admission : $4.50. UCSD students: $3.50. Tickets 
are available at the UCSD box office. 

HturclCl" 
9 am-3 :3O pm - Workshop for Working Couples. UC San Diego Extension. "Two People. 

Three Careers: His. Hers. Theirs" . A UC San Diego Extension program for coupies in-
volved in multiple career marriages. Possible solutions to various problems that arise. Sea 
Lodge. 8110 Camino del Oro. La Jolla. $30 couples. $17.50 singles. 

9 am - Fencing, Main Gym. Round Robin Tournament. 
9:30 am - Extension Workshop, Revelle Formal Lounge. "Assertiveness Training for 

Women." Fee: $20. -
10 am - Bicycle Club. Bike Shop. 
10 am-3 pm - Amateur Skateboard Contest. Sponsored by the UCSD Surf Club. will be a 

one day event with prizes for finalists. Entry fee $1.00 for UCSD students. $1.50 for others. 
Hill behind Central Library. 

10 am ·4 pm - Christmas at Gallery 8, an exhibit and sale of handcrafts : Africa and the 
World. featuring works by African Heritage of Narobi and Treasures to wear by Alexandra 
L. of Los Angeles. International Center. 7:30 pm - 2 am - workshop on how to make a sugar 
cub Christmas house. 

10:30 am- Campus Tours, front walk of Central University Library. Guided tours by 
UCSD students Free. 

11-12:30 pm - Aikido. Wrestling Room. 
II am - The 1975 Turkey Trot. A 3 mile cross-country run for all campus runners and 

joggers. Thanksgiving Day turkeys will be awarded to those coming closest to their 
predicted time for our rugged course . Muir Field. Free entry to all UCSD students. faculty 
and staff with I.D. 

2 pm - "The Cberry Orchard" by Anton Chekhov. UCSD Theatre. 
2 pm - "Why Johnny Can't Read and Ivan Can." Author Mike Davidow. Panel of 

educators. Birney School Auditorium. 4345 Campus St., (one block west of Park and EI 
Cajon Blvds). F\!blicwe1come. 

5: 30 pm - Catbolic mass. University Community Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
7 pm - Movie: Wild Stra berries and Smiles of A Swruner's Night. USB 2722. 
8 pm - "Graduate Student Party. Another hwnongous event with munchies. liquid 

refreshments, music, and dancing for all graduate students. See your GSC representative 
for details." 

8 pm - "The Cherry Orchard. For details see 8 p.m. Tues. 
8:30-11 pm - Fourth College's 3rd Annual Harbor Cruise-Dance. Dance Wlder the stars to 

a live band "Clouds" while floating on the bay aboard the M.V. Cabrillo. Tickets ($2.50 per 
person) available in Resident Counselor's office. 701 MC from Mon. Nov IS to Fri. Nov. 19. 
For more. info call 452-'1581. San Diego Bay, $2.50 per person. 

8:30 pm - The Guarneri String Quartet. Mandeville Aud. Possibly the most-listened-to 
string quartet. ~neral admission : $5. UCSD students: $1.50. Tickets available at the UCSD 
box office, 452-4559. 

9: 30-1 :30 pm - Dance. Revelle Hall Program Advisors presents an open dance with band. 
Revelle Cafeteria. Free. 

8:30 am - Catholic mass. University Community Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 
10 am - 4 pm - Christmas at Gallery 8, an exhibit and sale of handcrafts:· Africa and the 

World, featuring works of African Heritage of Narobi and Treasures to wear by Alexandra 
L. of Los Angeles. International Center. 

10 am - Guitar Folk Mass led by Lutheran Campus Pastor John Huber. University-
Community Church 9595 La Jolla Sbores Dr. 

II : 15 am - DIalogue with Ernie Mort, Dean of Revelle College. J CSD. University-
Community Church. 9595 La Jolla Shores Dr. 

12: 03 pm - EpII~ Se~. University Community Church. 
5 pm -Catholic mass. University cOmmunity Church, 9595 La Joll .. S1'IJ' C~ 'e •. 
7 pm - Duplicate Bridle - free bridge games - open to everyone. Revelle North Dining 

Hall. Free. 
7 pm - Women's Caucus of student Cooperative Union. Student Organization Conference 

Room. 
8 pm - Jail Coneert, Mandeville Recital Hall. Works will be performed under the 

direction of Cecil Lytle. Free. 
S pm - "The Cherry Orcbard." For detalls see S pm Tues. 



Sunday a nd Monday 
FREE Admission 
All Night 

Monday 
Beer Belly 

Special 
Pitcher. $1 .0S 
Gloss: 30¢ 
Tuesday 
Wide·Open Well 
All Well Drinks 
All Night: 6S¢ 

Wednesday 
Tijuana aaneer 
Tequila Shots: sse 
Margoritos: sse 

Thursday 
Student Night 

F,ee Adml •• lo .. 
All Students 

Dallclnc. Spirits, Games and'Grub 
Free Adnission Thurs With Vail Student 10 

OP£N: 11 a .m . to 1:30 a .m . Everyday 
945 Garnet Avenue 

MAChiNES 
~ 

--: Q -
~ l·" 

flra o'RotJl?K£. 
:::";:~<.----,-,.,~--""''''S-.. _____ .. l.Jlt ~ 

UCSD STudENTS 
FOR AS liTTlE AS S 2 9 9 
OU CAN "GO TO TOWN" ON A 

Mm' RbikE. COMMUTiNG is fuN iN AiR 
CONdiTioNEd sTylE. BE ONE of TIfE FiRST 

TO EAVE PARkiNG pRoblEMS bElfiNd. 

Bvy RENT 

2226 Ave .. d. La ,e.y. 
I.e Jon. Shore. 

1 Oam·5pm Tue.day thru Sunday 
454·'"2 

......... I ••• 'S MoIIday, November 11, 1978 

Women'sV'BaII13-1, Share Title 
byRoaKato 
StaHWriter 

Confronted with a must win 
situation in last Friday's season 
finate, UCSD's women's volleyball 
team rose to the occasion and 
topplM the previously undefeated 
USD squad in two straight sets 15-
12,15-9. 

The Tritons, who have never 
finished out of first place in six 
years of conference play, would've 
seen their streak end last Friday 
had they lost. As it turns out, both 
teams · now share the title of co-
champions for the SDWIAC con-
ference with 13-1 ·records. 

Playing before the largest home 
crowd of the season, the Tritons 
responded well to the turnout by 
displaying more enthusiasm than 
ever before. 

Despite an early ~ lead at the 
start of the contest, UCSD provided 
many anxious moments for coach 
Chuck Millenbah, losing the first 
four possessions on missed serves, 
It was this aspect of side outs on 
services which cost UCSD a vic-
tory in its previous encounter with 
USD. 

The Tritons finally got their 
offensive game rolling with Amy 
Harbor behind the service line. 
Building an 8-2 lead, UCSD 
stumbled into trouble wben USD's 
Becky Carnes connected from up 
front. The Carnes-led attack 
resulted in a nine point rally and 
USD took the lead for the first time 
11-9. 

UCSD finally regained the 
service and recorded its tenth point 
on back-to-back spikes by Jennifer 
Freed and Andrea Bey len. Eva 
Ljungwe then tied the score at 11-11 
on a serve whicb was not returned. 
After an exchange of possessions 
and scores, the Tritons added three 
straight points to record the win. 

Series of side outs opened the 
second set as both . teams hustled 
aggressively to take an early 
advantage. USD scored Urst when 
Carnes put her first spike past the 
arms of three Triton blockers. 

UCSD, getting consistent setting 
from Aileen Horimoto and 
balanced hitting from Beylen, 
Freed, Harber and Ljungwe, 
continually outplayed its op· 
ponents enroute to an 11~ lead. 
UCSD nearing victory began 
drawing applause from the crowd 
for each point or USD side out. 

The biggest surprise of the 
match came near the end of the 

contest when Heth Sundheim, one 
of the smaller members of the 
Triton squad, went up one on one 
with Carnes and successfully 
stuffed her spike. 

"This was a team victory and 
everyone played well," said coach 
Millenbah afte.r the contest. 

"Today was the first time aU 
season we played smart volleyball 
and it was our defense which won it 
for us." 

The Tritons will take an 11 game 
wilUling streak into the post season 
playoffs starting this week at Mesa 
College. 

-, 

UCSD Women 's Volleyball players are ecstatic after beating USD to take first 
place in their league for the sixth year in a row . [IT Photo: Bill Brooks] 

Splish, Splash; Tritons Split 
Waterpolo Twinbill 

The UCSD water polo team split a home doubleheader Friday, drop-
ping the first game to the Univ.of Arizona and coming beck an hour later 
to pwrunel UC Riverside in the nightcap. 

Despite the obvious strength of the Wildcat team (which rllOked 
seventh nationally last year), Arizona had their hands full with the 
Tritons. Without certain Triton miscues the game may have been even 
closer. "We threw the ball out of bounds in almost every 6 on S situation," 
said coach Becker, referring to penalty situations where the Tritons had a 
man advantage on the opposition. The Tritons were unable to capitalize 
on power plays with the same consistency tbat the Wildcats displayed. 

The first three quarters belonged to the Wildcats as they successfully 
got inside on the Tritons to score with shots blistered from five feet out. At 
·one point they led 13-4. After the two teams exchanged goals making it 15-
6, the Tritons went to work. They scored four straight goals including a 
neat little lob by Dennis Thomas arching over the outstretched arms of 
the defenders. Dave Denton and Dave Harry also contributed goals as UC 
closed the gap to 15-10. 

Unfortunately, for the Tritons, the goals came in the waning moments 
of the final period, as Arizona added another goal on a free shot, the game 
ended witl\ the final score 16-10. Being that the Wildcats are an NCAA ball 
club and nationally ranked, the Tritons represented themselves quite 
respectably. 

In the second game UCSD showed their stuff, handing it to Riverside, 
26-1. Just about everyone got into the act in a game that was neverc1ose. 
Even goalie Bob Alei tried a shot on goal. The Tritons scored at will. And 
when they couldn't score UCR did it for them, scoring a Triton goal when 
a Riverside player threw the ball to his goalie -right into the net. 

It was a fitting last home game for seniors Corky Hull, Mike McGuire, 
Joe Miller and Thomas. The Tritons have a tournament against Division 
II teams. "We should play' on an equal basis with the other ball clubs", 
predicts coach Becker. They gave the Wildcats a run for their money, 
Division II might be a piece of cake. 

Want to be different? 
T'5 with "eye" appeal 

Choose one that fits your style 
Super Selection Hand-pai,nted uT' shirts 

at $495 each 
The 

2226 Avenida de La Playa 
La Jolla Shores 

454·9112 
Opel 10-5 TM .... ' thn SvnMy 

·Blouses - Skirts - Jeans - Shirts 
Jumpsuits - Pantsuits 

Etc. 

, 

ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCE MAJORS 
LET US HELP YOU TO 

BECOME A CPA 

~~~~~~ 
CPA 

REVIEW 
DOwntown 
5.tnt. ANI 
Ven Nu,. 

-Dtoto 
,"4j-.17.' 

12t31.n . •• 1'3 
In"I"' ,U" 12,,, __ 

COUIII.I NQ IIIIIA Y at I NOV. 24 

1/3 OF USA 

Monday, November 15, m. triton times 

TRiTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
TRAV 

Full Service Travel Agency. All carriers I", 
eluding charters I American Youth Hostel 
cardS available. Call Beryel or Sam at TMT 
452.1981 , NO SERVICE CHARGE I (12/6) 

eUROPE, ISRAEL, AFRICA 
Studenl Charter fill/hts yr . round, ISCA 1608 
WestwOOd Blvd • • 103 L.A. 9002. 213/826-
5669 (12/6) 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUS! New York & 
Europe flights . PSA reservations CIEE 
Student Travel ServiceS, open Mon., Wed ., 
FrI. 12-. pm. c.l1452.()630112/6) 

WANTEd 
We are a publishing firm looking for good 
typist. to train as typellBtters . If you can type 
45 w.p.m. lie accurate. and can take flexible 
hours , you may fit the bill. Call 436-37.7. 
(t2 /5) 
Top Dollar paid for U.S. Sliver coins minted 
beJore 1965, Also buying old U.S. coins . Call 
Ken 755· 7371 (12/6) 
Artis t needs model. Some exp: nec. Gall 273-
1782(11/15) 
Wanted : To trade 2 tickets Jor Nov. 19 
"Cherry Orchard" for Nov. 20 . Call Sam 453-
7399aJI. 6 pm . 

Will pay S500 for a Quik cash "US" card . S60 
'or a ··DR". Dezomby Wool- 453·7883 

People with big and small heads. Also need 
subjects ey;er 50 and under 16 yrs . Brain wave 
study BSB3045 (1 I 122) 

Wanted : Someone who knows what IT Is!! 

"Long" tall Texan desires female com-
panionship. Loose women preferred . Call 
453-6768. Ask for Stud . 

Hair Models wanted for free haircuts. per-
manent waves and color; all work done by 
professional stytists Lion Beauty Salon 7650 
Gllard. 459-2924 • 

UCSD stop smoking clinic is tooktng for 
people who really want 10 QUIt. Gall 452·3003, 
days or 755·4160 / 270-6722 eves. or write c/o 
Dept of Psych . include name and phone 
number . You can stop forever ! (12 /61 
Wanled: SurfbOard 8 to to 'h foot , good 
condition . Reasonable, not a log . 452-0415 
teave message. David. (11115) 

PERSONAL 
' Umthon" : A unique setf/life exptoratlon 
marathon with a Krishnamurti emphasiS on 
understanding ourselves and Ihe 'movement 
of reality . Sat.. Nov. 20. Dr. L. Hotden - 272-
612 • . (II/ lSI 
KF·3 yrs ago I told you for the 1 st time; yet 
slllce, the meaning has increased 1000 fold,.. 
I love You! 
Anyone In the Psych Depf . familiar with , or 
having a copy of Hypnos Morpheus' 
eligibility test please cotact me at 276·7687 . I 
am Investigating hypnosis and need a good 
susceptibility tas. · tn&nk you-
Books 112 o(f and more. And the very 
unusual Fine bOoks bOught & sold Ex L1Ms 
Bookstore in Solana Beach 755·7323. 

W,II the person who found my denim Alton 
jacket PLEASE bring It to Student Cir. I have 
no other 75f>.831' . 
Love You Honeytup . 
' Teacher" ·thanKs for ~Ing so understanding 
. any time you need a study break .. . luo \ call. 
"The Jogger" 

SurfbOard for sale 710" rounded pintail 
.,cellent condition Ideal beginners board $60 
453·m8(1 1 / 17) 

1here!§a 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

•. elY Ow .. 315 yun ~I of exper'-e 
nayendlU-
URI IIMII CI_ 

LlAl Voluminou. hom. GRE study m8teri.11 
Cou,_th8t ... AlGSa constantly upd8ted 

OCAl 
CPAl 

T.pe fecilni" fo, 
_jewlof el_ 
InIOn •• nd for u. 
of suppl.m.ntary 
m8terilr. FLEX M .... -upl for ECFMG mi,. I_nl 

HAT'l.ED BDS 
SAT-VAT 

SAN DIEGO CENTER 
2180 Glm •• , Pacific a~ t210P 

p hone 1M. 210-6811 

• • 'OUCAT'ONA~ II 
CEIliTER ~ 

Bllne .... in mljor US cit ... 
Ind Swiu.,I •• 

Scab, you are a truly beau"ful person In all 
regards. The Invert . 

II you feet you 've been dealt with unjustly by 
the unlverslly, then the UCSD Chapter of the 
ACLU wants fa hear from you . Our student 
grievance board will assist you In solving 
your problem. We are on the second floor of 
Student Organizations, or leave message at 
452·.450. (11 119) 

Sophomore Cliff· you are being watched. My 
eyes like your walk . - An Admirer 

Sweet Amy P .• How do you like bearded 
cliffs with ice cream? Love J. 

Nina Call me. 27&-4575. Jon . 

I Found It! 

Jerry - That's hokay you'lI never unders tand 
me. -L 

ALEKSANDRI SOLZHENITSYN SPEAKS: 
"The Voice of Freedom" A mey;ie on this 
Nobel Prize winning Russian speaking out 
against Iyranny and oppression 7 and 8 pm 
Thu. Nov. 18 HLI438 , 50c donation . Don·t 
miss th is opportunity(11 119) 

Gerrard Tumtable excellent condition $70 or 
besl. Black & white enlarger 120. Call 75f>. 
7290. 

Perlect blacks bOard 1"4"-19 1/2" fangtait 
orange tak 42()'9666. 

Wetsuits·otter spring $45. New O'Neil Long 
John S50. All suits top condition. Call 481 -
9207 Bruce . 

lIousiNG 
Conscien tious female· share pleasant condo 
w l working evening student. 2 bd , 'h bath. 
wshrldryr, pool. Your rm. furn . lncl. Lg desk. 
Lots of privacy. Genesee Highlands $110. ,.; 
utll. Beverly 452·0489 (home) 238-5956 (wo",) 
(11/15) 
F rmt wanted. Own rm. one rmt on beach. 
Tennis cts , Jacuzzi , sauna, pools . OM Beach 
Ctub. Gall 481-8371. (11/17) 

Own room In 2-story Condo . 87 / mo &. utll. 
Nice bike ride 3 mi to UCSD. Washer, dryer, 
452·9642(11/151 
1 Bdrm. $lOS/mnth. No pels/chlld. All 
utilities Incl. Call 223-0828 (11/171 
Female needed for great bIIehousa In Del 

Sandy: I lust want the explanation you never Mar · lacuul, pool , S115. Call 481'()261 or 
really gave to me. Other lhan that the surf Is 277·8409 (11/19) 
more important. 
Roses are red , vIolets are blue, frontiers of 
science 1181s Ihe class for you . (11/17) 

Front of Sci 118 Is an Interdlscpllnary course 
Investigating the Interface of technology and 
society (11/17) 

Revelle studenfs: RCCA Is accepting ap. 
pllcatlons for the election board. Apply In 
Communlly Ct, by 11 119 (11/19) 

fOR SALE 
Sklls. Fischer Glass 707 Geze Bindings with 
case. S70. 755-8448. (11 115) 

Lange Ski Boots . Size 10'h. M. Devils . Used 
once SI00. Aft. 6 pm . 75f>.4259. (11119) 

Gibson Flreblrd $500. Les Paul Sg Model 
with pat pending humbuckers. $300 487-
7368 (11ft 71 
Vespa Mo-Ped For Sale. S250. Call Rob 481· 
9397 (11/19) 
1966 VW Camper-1500 mi on rebuilt engine. 
First 1100 dollars takes It. 75f>.5872 ask for 
Pete. (11/15) 
Eric Clapton IIckels . Great seats . Call Kim 
453-6233. 

Mens Peogot U08 with exlras SIlO lust 
Checi<ed by UCSD bike shop Janel 454-4857 
(11/19) 
CLARINET·Bundy . Used but In good condo 
Lisls new for S187 . $90 or basi of(er . Call 
Eliot 452-9053. 

Hondas: 1973 CL·350: new paint , elec . 
starter, rack . padded backresl . Looks &. runs 
good. 48MPG . Best of(er. Also: 1964 30S 
Scrambler. Excel. cheap trans. 45MPG . Best 
of(er. Must sell both Qu ick! 299-8957. (11 /17) 

DIVERS! Nlkonos II Underwater Camera -
Sekonic Auto-Lumi meter wI case make offer 
Ross .52-9312. 

64 Volvo Sta Wag . Great running cond o 1'5 
mpg . orig , owner leaving country. Must sell 
S8OO. 436-3516 (11/17) 

Azukl860 ten speed 1 year old . Chrome·moly 
Irame, finger tips . $120 or best. Gall Ric 481 · 
9123. 

Wanted: Roomate to share 2BR Del Mar ap 1 
blk to beach , coast cruiser & 4th , pool 
$851 rna 755-6317. 

Male roommate wanted . Own room , SI20/mo 
in Del Mar nice house 50 yds from beach 755· 
7818 eve. 

Housemate wanted for L .J. 3 bed own room 
$117 M or F campatable with Quiet dragons. 
454-0959 Jim or Bill. (11/17) 

Right on the beach sauna, pool, jacuzzi , 
t..,nis cts . need one male start winler Qtr. 
S112month 481 -0556 . 

Roommate wanted for xrnas yacatlon . Own 
room. One mile tram UCSD. sao.OO includes 
utll. Gall Joan 453·1239 

Female roommate wanted to share large 
masterB . 

Huge furnished room for rent telephone. 
heated poot . private bath, kitchen privg and 
utils only $135 276-7587 (11/19) 

Must break dorm contracL Female Inlerested 
In living in Drake Hall 4th for W&S quarters 
please contact Jeanette 453·0383 (11/17) 

.....-.~."" .. , ................... -........................................ ~ ...... ~~.-' .. ~ ........ --..,. t . 

. ( ! Fourth College ! 
i Sails Again ~ ( ! ! The Annual Harbor Cruise: f An Evening of Enjoyment ~~..!. l 
( and Dancing, To A Live ( 
, Band, while ruising ( ! San Diego Day. ! 
! Tickets available ~ November 15-19 ! 
I at Fourth OJIlege Resident Counselor's Offlce-- i 
, (701 MC) . Transportation I L:~~~~:~:.=:.: .. :.:~~~::J 

Onl'y 25 cents 
Personals 50 cents 

~, 

THINKING ABOUT 
GOING TO LAW SCHOOL? 

If you are, you shou ld know that multiple LSAT scores are 
discounted or averaged. To find out why, and to learn how 
you can take advantage of this situation, call us. Learn how 
the LSAT METHOD can help you make your first LSAT score 
your best score! 
LSAT METHOD is a one day course presented by BAR/ BRI Bar Review 
5900Wilshrre Blvd 11610 
Los Angeles. CA 90036 
(213) 937-3620 

220 McAlisler Ave 1323 2nd SI 
San Franc.sco. CA 94102 
(415) 861·6820 

San Diego. CA 92101 
(714 ) 236-0623 

~~ 
reT I f Especial 

Universitario 
Caldo de Albondigas 

y 
choice of one... • Chile ReBeno 

$199 
OHer good Mon. Tues. Wed 

With Ihls Ad 

OHer exptres Dec 3 1. 1976 

.' 

• Enchilada 
• Taco 
• Tamale 

In ludas riC' . fortilla s . butter 

Take bus "30 or "34 15 min to our d or 
45Y 2575 

5752 La Jolla Blvd (Bird Rock) 

latest fashions 
in wire frames 
dr. marvin 
weitzman 
optometrist 
midway 
fedmart 
store 
eyes exam ired 
prescriptions filled 
contact lenses fined 
repairs 

hOUrs mon - I" 10:!0 - B 00 
• Yt 10-6 Closed sundays 

orts arena blvd. 
(BCI05S from lhe sports atena) 

224-2974 

, 



...... triton times Moada)" N ...... II, lJ'JI 

Brovvn, ~ Highlight Opening Of ' 
New ripps Medical Clinic f·----.. -----·-.. --.. -··-.·-j f · ''The Devil In Miss , 

In what Gov. Brown tenned a 
"tremendous example of what 
people with ideas in the private 
sector can accomplish," the $33.5 
million Scripps Clinic Medical 
Institutions (SCMI) was officially 
dedicated in ceremonies last 
Friday. 

Brown was the featured speaker 
in the Friday session, which 
culminated a wee" of medical 
colloquia, fonnal openings and 
dedication ceremonies for the new 
medical clinic, located north of 
UCSD on Torrey Pines Rd. 

Other featured speakers at the 
ceremonies Friday included 
comedian Bob Hope, Scripps Clinic 
atnd Research Foundation 
president Edmund Keeney and 
SCRF board chairman William 
Black. 

Hope's Jokes 
Hope helped to lighten the 

seSSion by flinging one-liners at 
swine flu, the recent election, the 
costs of medical care, President 
Ford and Brown. 

Hope, who said he was there 
" just to add a little fun," called San 
Diego "a mecca for doctors. Even 
the football team is called the 
Chargers." 

Hope also said, "It's great to be 
here with Gov. Brown as he 
launches his 1980 campaign." 

The governor spoke about the 
power of faith, hope and ideas, the 

S8PC... 
did admit, during that time period, 
minority applicants whose per-
formances were below traditional 
minimum standards for that med 
school. In a 6-1 State Supreme 
Court decision, the court ruled that 
the Davis special admissions 
program favored minority ap-
plicants and thus was in violation 
of the equal protection clause of the 
14th Amendment. 

_ Haber, who delivered a report on 
student governance, called for 
" more effective participation of 
students in their respective student 
government programs. " He 
believes that student apathy 
prevails and that there is a lack of 
student leaders being generated in 
the UC system. 

It is the responsibility of the 
students to " get involved with 
departmental tiecisions," Haber 
"aid. Additionally, Haber said that 
there are questions on adademic 
reform which need to be 
recognized. 

In the selection of another SBPC 
co-chairperson, Andy Schneider, 
UCSD SBPC representative, was 
defe.ated by UCLA graduate 
student Bill Cormier. 

Hope (IT Photo: Bill Brooks) 
world's health care needs and 
America's role as leader in that 
category. 

"The life of people is something 
we have to save and nurture, and 
one way to do that is to celebrate 
the openings of things like this," 
Brown said. 

"Ideas and advances in 
technology, medicine and 
education provide leadership for 
this country ... young people are 
looking for these symbols of 

Housing... 
goes through will be a financial 
analysis, the Stone and Youngberg 
Report, which is scheduled to come 
out the end rl this week. Stone and 
Youngberg is a well-known west 
coast counsulting company which 
is a financial consultant for local 
governments. 

PE... 
about 10 years against giving the 
credits." Parrish added the CEP 
could easily reverse ~ose rulings. 

A CEP spokesperson said refusal 
to give credit for a class, as the 
committee did with the two PE 
classes last month, it " not a 
common occurrence. Most classes 
(in departments other than PE) 
are approved." 

The main argwnent Hunt will 
present for credits for PE classes 
will include : 

-That other schools often require 
PE classes, and transfering 
students would have to retake 
classes; 

- That many classes, such as 
water safety, include a prescribed 
structure and curriculum that 
builds toward a credential; 

-And that many of the PE 
classes include academic input. 

lea~rship and positive energy . 
. This cUhlc represeiU an ~ 

vestment in the future," Brown 
said. 

"I have the honor of declaring 
the Scripps Clinic Medical 
Institutions at 10666 Torrey Pines 
Rd. open for business," he con-
cluded. 

The four-story facility, which 
won't actually accept patients until 
January, will include a lS8-bed 
hospital, research laboratories for 
the several immunology depart-
ments, and an education and 
conference center. 

Innovative features of the clinic, 
which was built on land donated by 
Dow Chemical Corp., include a 
computerized full-body scanning 
system and a computerized brain-
scanning system which is 
estimated to be 100 times more 
accurate than conventional x-ray 
techniques. 

Free Aim! 
Dr •• onowlld'. 

"Ascent of Man" 
Genertllion Upon 

Genertllion 
& 

"Development of a 
Mongoloid OIW' 

WH. Nov. 17 H·L 1205 
3·4:3 7:30·' 

Jones" ••• is coming i 
to UCSD ••• thank8 to ! I the Rugby Chili i 

t Friday Nov 19 Mandeville Auditorium , 

i ! i Two Showings (7 and 9 pm) 
, 82.00 a penon 

i (Must be 18 or over and ID's will be checked) f 
L __ !~~~~~~.~~~~.~~ .. ~~_J 

"Tomorrow, 
and tomorrow, 
and tomorrow:' 

--Macbeth 
Prepare for it. The earlier you 
begin a life insurance program, the 
less you pay. Find out about the 
College Master plan. 

Call the "'idelit~ t:nion Colle~e\1aster® 
Field Associate in ~'our area: 

utI MAuloD Ba)' Drive 
Padflc Beach 

~ 

UCLAeXtension in cooperation with the UC lA School of law 
presents 

Attorney Assistant Training 
Certificate Programs in 
-Litigation 
-Estates and Trusts 

Administration 
Accredited by the American Bar Association 

• Specialist certificate programs begin Spring, 1977 at UCLA 

-------------------- I Applications available I 
.... immediately . For full details I 

wr ite or call : . I 
Attorney Assistant Training I 
Programs, UCLA Extension, I 
Suite 214, P.O. Box 24902, I 

_

.111 Los Angeles, CA 90024 I 
(213)825-0741 . I 

I 
UCLAeXrension conlinuing educolion I 

I 

---

Come ... 
Train at 
UCLA • COlllprchcnsive 5-month day and part-time evening programs 

• For highly qualified applicants seeking a career in the 
paralegal field 

• Receive graduate level instruction from practicing 
attorneys and attorney assistants 

• Housing and emptoyment assistatlce available 
• In Litigation : learn marketable skills in trial procedures 

relevant to criminal and civil law 

• In Estates: learn marketable skills in the administra-
tion of estates, wills, and trusts 

Ieee 

Pluse rush application to 

Name 

Address 

State ZIP 

--------------------


