
want Input fnm ~tdents 
Hou~ng Interns Looking for Alternatives 

, 

by Alan Russell 
News EdItor 

more," she has come to respect 
many aspects of the ad-

with the " realities that 
surround the situation." "I 
know money is tight," she said, 
"but I'm trying to find out if 
there are ways to work around 
that. For example, the way food 
tastes might have a great 
bearing on the way it was 
prepared. I want to find out 
where and when the food goes 

Perhaps the most important, 
and necessary, insight that 
Anita Vittor and Quentin 

'Thompson have gained from 
their posts as Administrative 
Interns for Housing and Food 
services is an understanding of 
"how the other side" thinks. 

. ministration, but still bemoans 
the "incredible bureaucracy" 
which makes it difficult to In-
stitute changes. 

"We walk the tightrope 
between . students and the ad-
ministration," said Vittor in an 
interview. "It's important for 
us to remain impartial liaisons 
between both sides. " 

Before gaining her position, 
Vittor tenned herself as "just 
another student who blamed 
everything on the ad-
ministration." Now, "knowing 

"I'm looking for alter-
natives," said Vittor. "If the 
cafeteria food is bad, why is it 
bad, and what can be done to 
change this? Are workable 
alternatives available? I'm 
talking with students now and 
hope to talk with many more so 
that I can hear their complaints 
and also gather their 
suggestions. This is neccessary 
for me to do an effective job." 

TtJe "reaUtles" inbereDt 

wrong." _ 
Vittor's fellow intern, Quentin 

Thompson, is presently working 
as a cafeteria worker so that he 
can better understand the 
"overall situation." " We had 
complaints that the student 
employees were unresponsive 
to the customers," said Vittor, 
" so Quentin decided to check As might be expected, Vit-

tor's post has acquainted her Continued on Page 3 

This Prospect Street artisan was displaced ouer the summer due to deuelopment in downtown La Jolla . [TT photo: 
Bill Brooks) 

s.~ for REml1binant DNA Research 
Urged by Stanford Biochen~ Professor 

by Joel C. Ooa 
Associate News Editor 

Vigorous support for the continuation of rec0m-
binant DNA research WlIs voiced by a Stanford . 
University professor at a meeting of the City of San 
Diego's DNA Study Committee last week. 

Paul Berg, profeSsor of biochemistry, said that the 
ability to study the "molecular anatomy" of any 
organism using recombinant DNA technology will be 
the "most momentous endeavor iit the field of 
biological science." 

Regarding the potential hazards of the research, 
Berg told the five-member committee that the risk is 
"small" because of the two types of Containment 
required by the National Institutes of Health (NW) 
guidelines. He explained tbat there will be physical 
containment- and, as an added "increment", a 
biological containment. 

At UCSD,. physical contalnmellt involves the 
modification of the fourth floor of the new Medical 
Teaching Facllity to include a biohazards co~ 
tainment facWty. The faciUty, to be completed in 
march 1978, Is set to be a NIH clasaification of P3 (on 
a scale of PI to P4), or moderately hi8h risk. 

Biological containment includes the use of 
organisms which cannot survive outside of the 
laboratory environment. One such project could 
involve an organiam which u.;ves at 25 degrees but 
would die once the temperature !'Ole to 33 dep'ees, 
approaehin& human body ' temperature. Berg 
suggested tRwt tzperlmental organisms will have 
"multlple mutations" In order to limit the potential 
risks. 

..... aces .bId 
Berg once favored a moraroriwn on pnetlcs 

ngineering research and adfocated this position in a 

letter to Scltoce. Since the publication of the NIH 
guidelines, Berg has amended his negative advocacy 
to approval. of the NIH proscriptions. He noted that 
there are now more experiments banned by the NIH 
than at the time of this letter. 

Experiments inv.olving the transplantation are not 
allowed, Berg said. He thus concludes that the risks 
in recombinant DNA research are " vanishingly 
small. " 

The contention of opponents to the research is that 
the NW guidelines do not require the participation of 

. any research institutions funded outside of the NIH. 
Berg insisted that all governmental agencies have 

adopted the NIH guidelines, which includes biological 
warfare research. The Pharmaceutical Manufac-
turers Association has also agreed to abide by the 
guidelines. Berg suggested that indWitry might have ' 
fewer potential risks since they have been " dealing 
with pathogens for years. " 

The question arose about the possibility of 
terrorists or "deranged" individuals getting access 
10' pathogenic organisms created by recombinant 
DNA research and then threatening to murder large 
populations. 

Dalliero. Poulbllitiet SeUef 
"There is no way to control anyone from doing it 

(using lethal organisms for blackmail)," Berg said, 
and added that there woukl be "no way of co~ 
trollin8 this on an lnternationallevel. " 

Berg commeated tRwt individuals who subscribe to 
the "worst pGlSible case" should consider the im-
possibility of making all buildings earttquake and 
tidal wave proof. 

"I took a chance coming here today," Berg said. '" 

CoaUIIued 011 Pale' 

McElroy Releases $3CXX) 
For Winter Referendum 

• Chancellor McElroy announced Monday that he will release $3000 to 
fund the upcoming stUdent governance referendwn. 

The money - which comes from the Chancellor's discretionary funds-
will cover the printing of the ballot and election handbook for the 
referendum. The latter will be mailed to every UCSD student. 

McElroy will release the funds immediately so that a letter can be sent 
to every student detailing the referendum calendar and the manner in 
which governmental models and comprehensive questions can be placed 
on the ballot. 

25% Minimum 
The Chancellor also agreed to approve the referendum results if 25 

percent of all UCSD undergraduates vote. 
(In spring, 1975, 37 percent of UCSD undergraduates voted in a 

referendum on .the Student Cooperative Union. While over 60 percent of 
those voting approved establishing the Coop as official stUdent govern-
,ment, McElroy did not legitimize the results because 50 percent of the 
undergraduates - the minimum turnout figure set by the Chancellor - did 
not vote.) 

Chancellor McElroy was off-campus Tuesday, and so unavailable for 
comment. 

In addition, McElroy agreed with an Election Board recommendation 
that the winning governance model be that which receives "50 percent 
plus one vote" of all those voting. 

In case no model receives a majority of votes, McElroy decided, a 
runoff will be held between those two models receiving the most votes. 
The Elec~ion Board will develop a fortnat for the possible runoff within 

Continued on Page 3 

For Mae Coop Furdirg 

Lobby Loses Budget Battle 
by John Haberstroh 
. Staff Writer 

A move to place funding of the 
UC Student Lobby, "the highest 
priority," was defeated at Monday 
night's Student Cooperative Union 
meeting. The final vote was 15 in 
favor and 21 against. 

The unsuccessful proposal, made 
by Vic Bloomberg, was an attempt 
to influence the Student Activity 
Fee Support Group (SAFSG ) to 
change its proposed fall program 
budget allocation to the External 
Mfairs Support Group. 

External Affairs, which supports 
the Student Lobby, requested 
$7500, but its proposed allocation is 
$1100. The Student Lobby has 
asked UCSD for $6500 in monetary 
support. 

Andy Schneider , External 
Affairs coordinator, was 
dissatisfied with the wCU'the Coop 
handled the prioritization question. 
He said that " if meetings like these 
are any indication, (UCSD ) 
student government is totally 
ineffective. " 

When asked what he and other 
Student Lobby supporters planned 
to do next, Schneider shrugged, "I 
don't know." ' 

Karpinski details reasous 
Susan Karpinski, SAFSG 

coordinator, explained the $1100 in 
a short phrase. The SAFSG and the 
Coop simply "don't have enough 
money" to fund all groups, she 
said. 

Program budget requests 
totalled almost $80,000 this fall, she 
said, while the Coop had $16,500 to 
allocate. 

In an interview with the Triton 
Times Monday, Karpinski said she 
did not feel that the Lobby 
deserved more funding . " The 
Lobby is not one of my priorities to 
receive more funding," 'she said, 
"Because I don't think their 
legitimacy is felt on campus. They 
could be doing a lot more than 
they're doing now. " 

Karpinski added that this was 
her opinion and that the budget 
committee as a whole would meet 
sometime this week to reconsider 

the allocation for the Student 
Lobby. 

If the committee decides to give 
the Lobby more money, one source 
of additional funds would be to take 
money from organizations (like the 
propaganda collective and internal 
affairs) which received allocations 
last spring and subsequently 
folded . However, Karpinski said 
that the combined fun(ls from all 
these organizations would only 
amount to $1000. 
Student Lobby member speaks out 

John Haber, a member of the 
Student Lobby, spoke at the Coop 
meeting to explain the ac-
complishments and to rally sup-
port behind the Lobby. He said the 
Student Lobby has been very ac-
tive, and cited a poll of state 
legislators which voted the Student 
Lobby California'S tweIth most 
effective lobby. There are over 600 
registered lobbies in Sacramento. 

Of current business, Haber said 
that "student affinnative action is 
our top priority; registration fees 
is the other." Funding for Third 
College Unit Two was also men-

u an K, rpin ki ITT photo: 
hannon A,.(man) 

Uoned ItS I!IGI'MthiM the lobbY is 
actively working for. 

"UCSD's pledge (requested 
allocation) is seven per III of the 
Lobby' budget," said Haber, ana 
if the pledge is not forthcoming, the 
effect will be a " vere" cutback in 
Student Lobbyactiviti s. 



Letters to the Editor 

Adding-i\I\ore Insult ,to Injury: 
n Shows Continued Insensitivity 

It seems that some attitudes, once they become 
institutionalized, never change. 

I am an alumnus of uam and I like to think that I 
maintain a well intentioned interest towards the 
place and the people. I visit La Jolla when I can, and I 
take great pleasure walking around campus, seeing 
old friends, and studying the changes of the last two 
years. One thing that hasn't changed, I am sorry to 
say, is a set of attitudes that keeps cropping up in the 
Triton Times. 

Friends in La Jolla send me issues, I read them, 
and I am frequently bummed out with what I read. 
But let me put my feelingB in something of a . 
historical perspective for you: I was the assistant 
business manager of TT from 12n3 to 4n4 and this 
enhances my sadness, and occassional anger, with an 
aspect of your editorial policy. 

The first week of April 1974 will be remembered by 
those on campus now and who were on campus at the 
time as the week TT went too far. What happened was 
roughly this: the editorial staff, which had been 
permitting and even encouraging for several months 
the insertion of copy which consisted of tasteless, 
derogatory, and almost completely hwnorless satire 
(one is tempted to say "ridicule") on Third College 
decided to have one more go. They Singled out Third 
College and its students for an undeserved and, 
again, unentertaining dose of abuse of the front page 
ofthe famous 1974 " April F'ool" issue. 

At the time many people thought it was, just as R.. 
Towne says in her letter to the editor of 11/15, "ex-
plicitly racist" - be that as it may it was undeniably 
insulting and anonymous. Some people got very 
angry. Stacks of TT were burned around campus and 
a group of infuriated black students came into the Tl' 
offices to make their views on the matter vehemently 

: clear. (Mr. Soto may prefer to forget these incidents, 
: 1 remember them quite vividly.) Shortly after this I 
=quit the paper and wrote a letter to the Com-

munications Board. I tried to detail my feelings abOut 
the abuse that was being made of the official forwn of 

-TT. 
= It seemed to me at the time that an irresponsible 

and very insulated clique was taking unfair ad-
vantage of their media position to vent a lot of ill 
feelings towards certain groups on the campus, 
disguising their efforts, with very little skill or 
subtlety, in a style of "college newspaper hwnor". I 
must admit that I sometimes suspected that these 
writers were more Interested in the possibility 01 

getting a job after graduation with the National 
Lampoon then doing a fair and responsible job on the 
Triton Times. At least the National Lampoon is funny 
now and then, TT was merely insulting. 

Now, more than two years later and after angry 
accusations, threats, firings, hearings, and lawsuits -
as well as the disgust of many of my friends in the 
UCSD community, the Triton Times is at it again. 
The 1111 article on the German Language House was 
no prize winner, but the. cartoon appended, without 
any editorial separation, to the 11/8 letter of J. Van 
Scoyoc et. al. was a rude and childish reaction to a 
restrained and polite protest. 

The same issue features a truly stupendous piece of 
bad editorial judgement in appending S. ~'kubinna's 
cartoon- again without any offsetting- to a very 
moving letter by a cancer patient who was disturbed, 
as if she needed it- by still more thoughtlessness in TT 
10/25. 

You appear to be locked into a game in insult-
reaction-insult with your readers. Things don't a~ 
pear to have changed much since April 1974 and it is a 
damned shame, -

Why don't you people wake up to some measure of 
your responsibilty? Instead of sporadic mockery, 
how's about some consistent and intelligent jour-
nalism? There are lots of fascinating groups and 
individuals at UCSD and they deserve a far more 
compassionate and mature image of themselves than 
you seem capable of providing. 

JOSEPH E. MOOSMAN, Muir '74 
Dept. of AnthropOlogy 
University of Arizona. 

[Editor's note: Actually tbings have cbanged since-
April, 1974. No staff memben from that time remaiD 
on the current TT staff. 

The German cartoon to wbich you refer waso't 
attached to the 11/8 letter as a rude and cbilcl4sb 
reaction; it was merely a lay-out error. We do make 
mistakes. As for the cancer illustration, the author of 
the letter bas informed us that tbe cartoon was not 
lnappropriate. 

-We do, bDwever, siDcerely ap~date your 
criticism.] 

~ Thanks JJC5D F<;lr Your Help 
When the Mnican border 01· collected an additional _ which 

• flclal peeked It~ the back ~ our will be used by the director, Mrs. 
• van and was IlOII~ted with a wall Brlngas, in the best inte .... 01 the 

01 food, we Cot11d not help but be orphanale. 
thankful for a D tile PfOPle who To all the people who .worked on 
made it paulbk<. the drive, and aped.aUy to those 

Arriving at is Cua de la wIlD so generously donated to this 
Esperanza, ~E themlelves cause we, Mrs. Brlngas, and the 
helped unload w over _ worth kids offer our sincere thanks. 
of canned and eDged food, all PHa. STILLMAN 
donated by ttlt I udenta and staff Trident ClniatlaD Fellowtblp 
atUaJD. 

In a tremendous response to the 
food drive on the Revelle plaza, 
hundreds of people gave whatever 
they could, buying food that ranged 
from corn flakes to pinto beans to 
peanut butter. 

Oarification 

By Tuesday afternoon, a day 
earlier than we'd anticipated, all 
the food, which should feed the kids 
for about one month, was com-
pletely sold out. On top of this, we 

In Monday's letter to the 
editor concerning DNA 
research, we omitted the 
prefatory statement indicating 
that this was an open letter to 
Lee Hend rson, chairman of the 
UCSD Biohazards Committee. 

I Wect._,. Deeemberl. JI'JI 
The Peculiar Pause 

RepriJUd From 
u.s. Newt. W .... RepIrt 

(Nov. 22, IriS) 
Once again the United States Is undergolDg that unique American 

experience with the odd-soundIn& name: lrarregnum. 
There's noIhing to match ltanytrbere else In the world. 
"Interregnum" Is the popular term for the Interval between the Ume 

the voters elect a new PresIdent aDd actuaUy give hiin the job - almoBt 
three morthl. ' 

The wonlls a misnomer. OrIgInaUy It.,as uaed to describe the Ume 
between the passinI 01 a sovereign and the accesaian of his succeaor. 
Now, according to tbi! dlctiooaries, It me8118 a period 01 temporary 
suspension 01 government or corjrol. 

Neither Is apt. Certainly the Governmerj Is fl8lCtlanlng, and Mr. Ford 
Is In controL 

But, barring a shattering crisis of national 01' baernalionaI dimenaIoa, 
there isn't DWell 01 anything he can do. Nor can the people'. cllDice to 
succeed him, Jinuny Carter. 

It Is a bit Uke rumlng in place: It might keep you fit, bl& you don't go 
anywhere. " . 

In- today's era of instant communication, spllt-second actlona and 
reactions it seems ridiculoua for the nation to vote a President out 01 
office in ~rly November~ then wait until late January to seat his elected 
successor at his desk in the White House. 

Most free and self-governing people in the world could call an el~on, 
conduct a campaign, count the votes, declare a winner and install tum in 
office in far less time tban It will take Mr. Carter to make the trip from his 
victory statement to his inaugural address. • 

Meanwhile, what happens to aU the issues tbat were so compelling ~ 
few weeks ago? 

Key people in and out of Govenunent are saying things are In such an 
uncertain shape riglt now that economic stimulation can't wait wbile one 
Administration rurL'!l down and its replacement cranks up. 

You will read and hear a lot in these coming weeks about Mr. Carte,,'s 
program. But it will be guesswork, or, at best, signals sent up in advance 
by the nert Administration. To be realistic, nobody wilIlmow precisely 
what is in store until Mr. Ford departs, Mr. Carter is sworn in on Jan. 20, 
1977, and a new Congress has its say. . . 

Mr. Carter hopes to complete his Cabinet selections by December. If he 
meets that deadline, he will be on a par with such earlier newcomers as 
Presidents Eisenhower, Kennedy and Nixon. Even if he succeeds, the 
men and women he chooses will be weeks away from actually taking 
charge oUhe important departments they will manage. 

Under the American system, nothing short of a resignation, 
disablement or death can hasten a change of pilots. And even such 
calamities as thosil would not put a newly elected President in power 
ahead of his time. The lameduck Vice President of a lameduck President 
would serve out the present term, which ends at noon next January 20. 

Is all this as bad as it can be made to seem? The situation contains a 
positive, reaSsuring element often overlooked. 

The leisurely pace at which Americans put a newly elected President in 
office is a manifestation of the tremendous political stability of this 
country. There probably isn't another nation in the world-dictatorships 
and democracies alike-that could safely risk a political interval such as 
our so-called interregnum. . 

Everybody here and abroad simply takes it for granted that there is not 
going to be any violence, great upheaval or tumultuous change of course 
during the hiatus betwe.en Election Day and Inauguration Day. The U.S., 
far more than most, can move on toward a new chapter calmly and 
deliberately - and the rest of the world knows it. 

What may appear to be an absurd, horse-and-buggy process for 
changing Presidents maKes a lot of comforting common sense. It takes a 
real self-confidence to do it the American way. 

Copyright 1976 U.S. News &I World Report, Inc. 

Smi.th Revievv Found "Bizarre" 
The music review of 17 

November was mistiued. It should 
have read "A Bizarre Report on 
Smith: Bizarre Queen of Rock." , 
By reading (or trying to read)" 
Burke's article, I learned nothing 
substantive about Patti Smith's 
concert. IrL'Itead, I found myself 
slogging through Burke's abstruse 
and pedantic use of metaphor and 
the clever turn of phrase. 

In conveying ideu, words should 

be used sparingly, concisely. They 
need not be strung togetber, ~ply 
for effect. A critic does not exist 
in . of!ler to impress his readers 
with his limitless vocabulary. 
, I'm sure Mr. Burke knew what 
he walded to say. It is too bad for 
us that he never did say -It with 
clarity. . , 

BRUCE E. COLBURN 

BOUILLABAISSE 
sora j, lowen 

Scott lives in a mansion but he doesn't let that fact affect his simple life 
style. So he tells me. Having heard various stories about the mansion, I 
had to come and see for myself. 

It's the one with the black gate at the end of the street, Scott said. Just 
ring the bell and I'D let you in. And sure enough you drive up and there's a 
ten foot high wrought iron gate, to keep people from just dropping in, I 
guess. 

But since Margaret and I had come for a reason, to see the mansion, we 
rang the bell. Scott alL'lwered in a friendly tone and the gate swung open. 

Scott greeted us at the door and graciously offered to show me around 
(which we found out later, he loves to do) . Naturally, he explained what 
he (who looks more like he'd be hanging out in Mission Beach) is doing in 
a mansion. It seems that the woman who owns the mansion was called off 
to be an ambassador to Nepal and Scott asked her if he could take care of 
it while she was away. 

What strikes you more than the size of the rooms is the space. Living on 
seven acres of land seems like more of a luxury than the marble 
fireplaces. . 

The house is only 10 years old but it seems older than that at first. But 
when you look closely, you see that the architect madeoa conscious effort 
to make it appear ancient. The stucco is pitted to look as if it's worn down 
through the ages. There's an El Camino Real bell to make you think that 
the place was once inhabited by Spanish conquistadors. This conscious 
attempt to tie into antiquity reminded me of an observation that Eleanor 
Widmer 'once made on the houses ,j,n La Jolla. American people, she said, 
have to link themselves to antiquIty through their houses, which is why 
you see so many eumples of ancient architecture in La Jolla, where 
people can affort to supply their fantasies. 

Anyway, at prese~, no one can afford the fantasy that Scott's mansion 
provides. It's been on the market for over a year now and no one his 
bought it yet. Which me8118, 01 course, that Scott, modest person that he 
is, will have to stick it out there a liWe longer. 

McElruy_ 
... 

" the next few days," according to board member Andy Schneider. 
These decisions were announced after a Monday meeting between 

McElroy and Election Board members. 
Schedule changes 

Also on Monday, the board announced a revised schedule for the 
refcrendwn. The deadline for submitting governmental. models and 
comprehensive questions - which must be accompanied 'by a petition 
with 250 student signatures and a statement on the model or question -
has been shifted from this Friday to Jan. 21. 

Two days - the fourth and fifth Wednesdays of winter quarter - have 
been set aside for discussion of the ballot items with their authors. 

Tuesday afternoon Schnei<l4:r gave several reasons for the change in 
scheduling: 

"The change was made to allow students the use of the first two weeks 
of the new quarter to get rn their ballot proposals. We want every student 
to know exactly what is going on, so we're sending out the letter to each 
student pver the winter break." 

, .............. _ ............. · ...... ·· .... ·· .... ·· .... ~~1 

this out by becoming a worker. 
What he found out is that the 
cafeteria employees often think 
of their situation as the workers 
vs. the customers. This happens 
because the employees get 
defensive over hearing 
customers perpetual gripes, 
and think little of their gluing 
together plates, making 
sculptures out of food, and doing 
other things of this sort." 

Feeling that working out such 
situations makes for better 
results all around, Vittor 
stress.ed the necessity for open 
lines of communication. 
"That's a main part of our job," 
she said. "We have to detail 
the grievances from one side to 
the other .and try to work out 
some solution ." 

Student viewpoints 
"necessary " 

Much of Vittor's and 
Thompson's time is spent at 
meetings · presenting the ad-
ministration with the "student's 
ouUook." Because of this, they 
term it "necessary" to)Jear the 
'Iliewpoints of students, and urge 
them, if they have problems or 
suggestions that pertain to the 
on-campus housing or food 
situation, to seek them out of the 
Housing Office located in 
building 206 on Matthews 
Campus. "Students should see 
us as fellow students with a 
voice in the administration," 
said Vittor. 

Currently the two interns, 
who receive a $1500 a year 
stipend, are working on such 
"possible" projects as nutrition 
information charts that would 
be posted in the cafeteria 
(listing the ingredients in the 
food and including such items 
as protein and starch levels ), a 
trailer · park as a form . of 
alternative on-campus housing, 
and inspection of food service 
units (already in operation) . 

"We'll by busy," said Vittor. 
" I think it's important always to 
be thinking of alternatives. For 
example, if we can get the in-
formation on what's in the food, 
we can make suggestions to 
improve it. A different kind of 
spice in the spaghetti sauce 
might really make the meal. " 

l~=~ The Triton Times Is published by UCSD students as an official student IlI!wspaper. 
, 983 India ' : I { 327 F Street . f 

~ PAYSDONORS ( ( , 
, for Service 1 
l Mon. - Fri. I 
• 233-5481 • , , . ' 
: 234-4601 \ t~ ..... __ ............. ______ _ .......... .t 

There/Sa 
difference!!! PAE~AAE FOR : • 
.CAT~:!= 

DIY 811d .. _ • II S ..... ICI_ 
LSAT Voluminous ho .... IRE study m ..... i. 

Cou,_rh .... . A1II8 ___ IV upd .. ed 
"".y T .... fecUit_to' 
"""I ....... of cl_ 
CPll '-....... to, u_ ", .. ....-t.." 1ft ..... . 
FlEX Meke-u ... tor ECHIS 1ft ..... '-Ii 
.~ .. mBDS 

SAT-VAT 
SAN OtEGO CENTER 

2110 G ..... t, PKiflc 8_h 92109 
Phone 7Mo270-68II . 

~. 
CEIltTER ~ 

B, __ in mejo. uS clt_ 
811dSWiu ........ 

Publication Is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school year 
(except on official holidays •. Editorial and business offices are tocated In the Student 
Center at the University 01 California, San Diego, For editorial, call 0152-3466: for business 
and display adY~lslng , call 0152-3468. • . 

Letters to the editor and opinion colu!"n. are welcomed. All SUbmissions must be typed 
and <l..oub..!.&-~e!ced On a 74=Spac..llne. The{sh<luld not e"-.C!'OC!. l.:!!3.pages In length . 

Submllted material m~st bear Ihe name and -ti'uci;;;rt.ldentificallon number 01 the auth~. 
Names can be withheld from publication on request: ho __ the names will be held on Ille 
lor public Inspection . 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of space limitations or 
style requlremllflts. . 
_ EnUre contents copyright 1976. the Triton TI"."'s. 

******************** tSchedule For Referendum: 
~ Winter Quarter *' ~ *' ~ 2nd Week (Fri. 1-21) 1st draft deadline for ballot *' 
~ proposals , including signatures *' 
~ and papers. . ~ 3rd Week (Wed. 1-26) Publication of tentative ballots ~ 
~ in Triton TilT1.es/New Indicator *' 
! 4-5th Week (Wed.) Open discussion of ballot items ~*' 

~ , with authol's to allow for student 
~ input. . 
~ '. *' ~ 6th Week (Mon 2·14) Final draft of Proposals 10 ...... 
oM Eleellons Board by 12 :00 ~ 

,.; (noon) . ' : 

.~ 6th Week (Fri.) Puhlication of finalized ballot In ...... 
t Trllon Times/ New Indicator ~ - (Tues/Wed 2-21) Mailing of *' voter pamphlets. *' t 7th Week (Wed-Frl) Voting at Student enter. MUir ! ic Quad . R v lie Plaza , Bookstor , ~ 

~ Tl)ird Cafe etc. *' 
~ 8th Week Validation te . ~ 

~******************* ' 

CURE "TERM PAPER FRIGHT" 

ERRORITET• AT YOUR CAMPUS STORE 
NOW ALSO AVAILABLE IN BROWN, RED, BlUE & GREEN 

- - - - - - WITH ERRORITE! 

NOW 
THE TOWERING FIGURE 

OF OUR TIME 
TELLS ALL 

"The public is entitled to hear 
my side." - STANLEY (KING) KONG 

"As Stanley Kong 's oldest friend , 
I can testify that this book is 

. absolutely 100 percent true." 
- GODZILLA 

a...;S;.4~9.5.P .. a .. pe .. r.b.aC.k_.S .. 7.9.5.h.ar.d.co. v.e.r ____ .MACMI 

Friday, Dec. 3 
Casablanca and Play it Again Sam 

7:00 PM and 9:30PM 
USB 2722 1.25 

: 
CASABLANCA · STARRtNG HUMPHREY BOGART , SIDNEY 
STREET. INGRtD BERGMAN . PETER LORRE and CLAUDE 
DIRECTE 0 BY MICHAEL CURTIS. 

GREEN · 
RAtNES 

l 
PLAY IT AGAIN SAM SHIRRING WOODY ALLEN . DIANE KEATON . JERRY 
LACEY 

, 

Saturday, Dec. 4 
'1 ' 

MiD.ion Dollar Legs and Tho8e Magni6rent en 
and Their F1yiih~ Machines. 

USB 2722 7:00 PM $1.00 
W.e. Fields i the president of bankruf.t Klopstokia , where all 
the men are named George, all of the women are Angela , 
everyone i a port addict and babies c<.n jump six f t . Watch 
what happens wh n they nte( the 1932 L.A 01 mpi s to save 
th ountry! 

TMMTFM is a frantic comedy about an international air race 
fr m London to Paris. The first and best of all the "raLlo''' ,r. ('vi ., 
it comically depi t Europ an rivalri , e~pe ial1y the ,erma I," 
v the French . 



-
SALE 
20% OFF 'ALL STOCK 

GROUNDWORK BOOKS. 
UCSD STUDENT CENTER 

NOV.29 - DEC. 11 

OPEN 10- 10 
-

MON. - SAT - 452-4242 

It All @5)\ 
Adds Up 

( .,~} 
.:~. ~'. 0 
'~~~' 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

UniverSity City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego. CA 92122 

453-8030 

Mernbero F Die 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla . CA 92037 

459-9711 

Wecbletday, Deeeaaher 1,117& 

"No Pnlfess" 
_k Defense Plagues JV c.rs 

by KeIlIUl .. 
Staff Writer 

Before the t.sketbaU season 
started, jWlior varsity coach King 
Wayman thought the practices 
were coming along weD. But after 
last Friday's 84-73 loss to USD in 
the season opener, the new head 
mentor for the Tritons had second 
thoughts. 

"I don 't think we've progressed 
at aU," commented Wayman. "We 
didn't eet back on defense and our 
ball handling 'Y5 awfuL" 

Hitting 61 pel'ceot of their shots 

Stan Hopper [TT photo: Shannon 
~ Aikman] 

from the field in the first ha If and 
finishing with 32 field goals (out of 
64 ), the Tritons were corinecting 
well enough to keep pace of-
fensively with any team. It was 
their 30 turnovers in 40 lTl\nutes of 
play, however, which cost them the 
game. 

For coach Wayman, making his 
debut in the collegiate ranks, it 
wasn 't exactly the kind of per-
fonnance he expected from his 
squad. Still, Wayman is optimistiC 
that his team will win at least half 
of their scheduled games. This 
wOuld be a marked Improvement 
from past seasons ' junior varsity 

Tom Griffin [TT photo: Shannon 
Aikman] 
teams at UCSD which have suf-
fered many frustrating years. 

The high point for the Tritons, 
who are not in a conference or 
slated to participate in any post 
season tournaments, will come 
when they confront the respective 
junior varsity teams (rom UCLA 
and USC, in back to back games, 
next January. 

like the varsity, this unit will 
give away a lot of height to their 
opponents. Center Stan Hopper, a 

6'4 112" frestunan from Glendale, 
is the TrIton's taDest player. potential." 

Joining Hopper in the starting 
line-up wiD be three returnees 
from last year's squad and one 

oth~r fresbman. -Forwards Randy 
Meis and Robert Peterson will 
assist Hopper under the boards 
while 6'3" guard Tom Griffen leads 
the Ooor attack. 

"Thern definitely is varsity 
material on this Iquad and with it 
we hopefully can win at leut 10 

The other guard position o~ 
posite Griffin, has been pretty 
much up for grabs, but freshman 
John Cox currently seems to have 
an edge over fellow classmates 
Todd Gabrelcik and Ed 
Thalheimer. 

If one of coach Wayman's 
starting forwards is having an off 
night, he won't hesitate to turn to 
his bench, where Don Annstrong, 
Paul Gardner and Scott Hall await 
to break into the line-up. 

games." 

~ 

.-

"My job is to develop varsity 
ballplayers," said coach Wayman. 
"I'm trying to get these players to 
perform to their mulmum 

Randy Meis [TT photo: Shannon 
Aikman) 

IVI~.~()~I~S 
.111()11311 

I\lrl< ~f)~III§()1I 
Thanksgiving weekend is usually heaven for the sportswriter. With 

such football games as Nebraska-Oklahoma, Pitt-Penn State and the like 
there shouldn't be a lack of material for the sportswriter to cover. 

But when your assignment happens to be intramurals here at UCSD, 
not much happens over the long weekend. That's not to say that nothing 
happened. It just seemed that way. 
. The scheduling wizards of the 1M Department managed to come up 
with both Innertube Water Polo and 3-on-3 Basketball playoffs to enliven 
a somewhat lackluster intramural weekend. 

Water Polo 
Coed Innertube Water Polo playoffs got off to a mixed start on Sunday 

night. Due to the Thanksgiving Weekend Blues some teams decided to 
forego their chance to win a championship. In between the forfeits there 
were some games, and some good games at that. ' 

1n "C" League action the STERN TUBES'and TUNA advanced via the 
forfeit route. The GROOVE roBERS, behind the scoring punch of Laurie 
Kubacki and Kim Johns routed the DEADBEATS, 17-2. Paced by 
Jeanette Ecosta 's 10 points, CALIPIDGEOUS beat the MISFITS, 20-5. 
And last, but not least the NEW RIDERS, with just about everyone 
scoring (Dean Arvidson (7), Paul Hartfield (2), Kathy Joelic (6), 
Danielle Certik (10) and Steve Rosenthal (1)) beat the SHARKS 27-9. 

In "B" League action Andrea Beylen's 14 points were enough to give 
'the HELl.rlF-I-KNOWS a 22-2 win over a shorthanded MALIGNANT 
TUBERS team. 

In the only "A" League game that was played FLOTILLA THE HUN 
pulled a major upset when they knocked off SLIPPERY WHEN WET, 1he 
top rated team. Last year's (and every year before that ) defending 
champions UNDERWATER CHEAPSHOTS were one of the teams vic-
timized by a lack of personnel. _ 

3·410-3 Basketball 
. Sunday night opening round action found more teams not showing than 

showing. All told, some 11 games were won on forfeits. 
In women's playoff action DL2 and YES advanced to the finals (to be 

played Sunday) . DL2 beat the HAMBURGERS and the DEAD-EYES en 
route to the finals while YES won via forfeit, then beat the RINGERS in 
two straight games. 

Also meetinp; in a Sunday night championship game will be GOOD 
LIFE and DEAN PATTERSON's UGLY, finalists for the " A" title. 

Both the "B" and "C" League titles were decided Monday night. The 
BOUNCERS (Steve Barkolas, Loren McClurg, Bill Bunger and Rich 
Stallings) took the "C" League title with a 13-11, 12-3 victory' over SAN-
DY's DANDIES. The MICKS (Vince Askey, Mark Guglielmo, George 
Mennel and Tim Roemer) captured the " B" League title in straight 
games, 12-10, 13-11. 

Football 
Anim~l Bowl Selection Committee chail'lJUln, Mike Hipp, announced 

that invitations have been sent to FIDUM SCIT and SCRIPPS. Both 
teams have accepted the bids and will square off Sunday afternoon at 
2:30. The Animal Bowl is symbolic of "At! League supremacy. 

IJ( 
1&~D.I(iO 

INTRODUCTORY OISCOUNT OI'nR 
S2 OFF TO STUDENTS 

WedJleay,Deeemberl, 1m Irlltllllhl .. -S 

Adrift in the Sea of Reality 

G 
A 
L 
L 
E 
R 
Y 

of 

.Display ~t 
Mandeville 

by Debbie Schwartz 
Illusionism, defined as the use of 

artistic techniques to create the 
illusion of reality, has been the 
emphasis of many artists in their 
struggle for expression within 
media. . 

" Illusions in the Gallery," a 
collection of paintings and films at 
the Mandeville Gallery through 
December 3, demonstrates some 
interesting methods in the for- ' 
matian of illusory "objects d'art, t! 

The paintings, by Alan Turner, 
apply basic techniques of per-
spective and shading iii presenting 
respectable images of humans and 
animala. The subjects, their inter-
re lationships, and their en· · 
vironmental situations are 
imaginative and often humorous. 

F'llmmaker Hill LWldberg Is 
represented by two of his films, 
"Swimmer" and "Cardplayers, t! 
in the "lUusfoqs" show. His ~ 
novative projection technique 
immensely aids in the im-
plementation of the Illusions 
already. captured on film. 

Music Scene 
The UCSD music department 

invites everyone to sing carola and 
enjoy holiday music during a noon 
concert today at noon in the 
Mandeville Center alcove, first 
basement. 

The Early Music Quartet 
directed by James Paul of San 
Diego City College will perfonn 
music of the Renaissance at noon 
tomorrow in room B210 of the 
Mandeville Center. 

THINKING ABOUT 
GOING TO LAW SCHOOL? 

I 
L 
L 
U 
S 
I 
o IN 
S 

If you are. you should know that multiple lSAT scores are 
discounted or averaged. To find out why. and to learn how 
you can take advantage of this situation, call us. Learn how 
the lSAT METHOD can help you make your first LSAT score 
your best score! 
I.SAT METHOD is a one day course presented by BAR/ BRI Bar Review 
5900 Wilshire Blvd. lI610 
Los Angeles. CA 90036 
(213) 937-3620 

220 McAli ster Ave 
San Francisco. CA 94102 
(415) 861-6820 

LAPAZ 
13232nd SI. • 
San Diego. CA 92101 
(714) 236-0623 

COCKTAIL 
MIXES 
ALWAYS 
KEEP 
THEIR 

ISEOF 
, 

. PLEASURE· 

Serving'North County 
. and UCSD ... 

Specializing in Water and 
Flexible Contact lenses 

Orthokeratogy 
Visual Perception 

1150 Ccim ino De l Mar Suite B Del Mar 
For on Appo intment 755·5484 

To All Student Organizations 

Hearings for Winter 
Quarter Program Budgets 

Monday Nov. 22 
Wednesday Nov. 24 
Monday Nov. 29 
Wednesday Dec.l 

from 10-11 AM 
and 4-6 PM 

Pages 

Student Organizations Conferet:lce Room 

Call 452-4450 for more info 

Hearings will not be held afte~ Dec.l, 1976 



. ' 1_ Ne«IlIOusemate MI Fem by Dec. 1. Opal In 2 room .... tes desired lor 4 bdrm . C«dlll Full Serv"i;;;-r, .... 1 Agency. All carr .... In-PERliONAo PB. New beech , own room , $107 & 'h util . hou. e. Own rooms . 2 males now. StOOmlh. c ludlng charters I American Youth HoSlel SERVicES I Nice . .aa.1678Bus clo .. (12 / t) 75~7621 . (12/ 1) cerda .... 811.,1 • . Call Baryel or Sam .. lMT 
IMPORTANT STUDY ABROAD AN · SI50 2 BR Condo 10 ohare, own room , Cardiff ~2.t9l1l . NO SERVICE CHARGE! (12 /6) 

3 F·Rmates w.nted for beech front house In vi 436-2987 
NOUNCEMENT: Umited opening. re .... in on Det i00i • • Priv •• beecII . ~ bdrma , 3 baths. Cove, spectacular oc .. n sw, . EUROPE, ISRAel, ~R1CA 
CFS accredited Spt ng 19" Academic y .. r waohldrl, fum. SI~ mo. c.l1 557-6238 (1211) &luclenl Charter fl ights yr. round, ISCA 1809 

UCSD Stop Smoking Clinic Is looking for 
people who really _nl 10 quit Call ~2·3003, 
MWF, noon · 5 or 7$-4160/270-6722 eves. Or 
wlite c l o Dept. of Psych. Include name and 
pI10ne numb .... You can quk. (12/5) 

programs comm .... :ing Spring trimester. (12 /3) Femele roommate wanted : to oh.e apl. w /2 Westwood Blvd . 1103 L. .... 90024 2131112&-
Early acceplanoe Is now open for Fall 77 , other females . 5 min . from school : quiet , 5889 (12/ 6) 
WInter, Spring 78, or lull y .. r '77·78 in Roommate(s) needed . i0oi or F . 5110 dollars neat , nonsmoker . own roomlbath • pool , Typing for bUsiness or school . Also edit ing 
Moscow , Salamanca , Paris, Oijon, Florence, per month . 1 m ile from UCSO Call ~5-1406 lacuul • 5113 mo. 453.9398 alter 5 pm layout design . Reasonable hrly rales . Nora 
Perugla, Copenhagen, Amsterdam , \/ienna, (1 211) 298-3528112 /1 ) 
Gli.neva, England lor qualified applicants In I need 2 Christian male roommates. 1 mile to FOR SALE Continued on Page 8 
languages , all subject. incl. Int'I law, campus. Only $66 ren t per mont h. It '. rea l 
bUsiness. Ali students In good slandlng nlce . 452.9461 (12/3) 
eligible · Freshmen , Sophomores, Juniors, 
Seniors, Grad. Good faculty re ferences, self· 
mOllyation, s incere Interest In study abroad, 
Int"l cul tural e,change coun t more with CFS 
than grade po lnl. For appllcalions, In-
lormatlon Conter for Foreign Study 
Admissions Depl. N, Box 606, Ann Arbor, MI 
481073131662·5575111 / 29) 

Clyll wit newspapers & pecullarll ies o f many 
ages. Fine books bought & so ld. Ex Libris 
Bookstore In Solana Beach 755·7323. 

Frustrated surfer Dawn - know your waves 
then we' II talk of surf and love. Talk 10 me In 
personal s . • Don Patrol 

Attention Jewish Students! Come to uc· 
SOUJSSOSUJSUH Conclave Jan . 21·3 $25 . 
Call 454-6974 lor inlo_ 

Hey you-oome to the UCSOUJSSDSUJSUH 
Conclave or 1"11 bite off your nose I Luv, 
Herbie Landshark. 

Explore your pasl lives wilh Pasl Lives 
Regression Sem inar. Introductory talk . 
Lu theran Center lnear SOSU) 5863 Hardy 
"'Ill. Tues , Dec. 7 and Frl , Dec. 10, 7:30 p.m. 
53. For Informat ion, call 488·~910 or 583-
5763. Bring a fr iend . P 2/ 7) 

Womens Soccer Wants You ! No experience 
needed. Meeting Thurs. Dec . 2 8 pm. Rec 
Con! Am. 
If the digit 2 appears anywhere in your UCSO 
Student 10 number. bring your 10 to Carnegie 
A·440 and we' lI gIVe yo u a tree A·440 bumper 
sticker With any food purchase 

Male housemale needed . Own mstr bdrm, 
Pfaymor Townhm. 5 mlns to UCSO. Sl oe & 
util/mo. Call 45~0094 . 

Female roomate wanted to share Det Mar 
condo. 2 badroom 1 bath . 5 min . to baach 10 
min. 10 UCSO. Clean . new , privale palio 
pool , garage. Completely furni shed. 51 50 
mo. 481 ·8979 - 756· 2281 . 112 / 1) • 

2 roomma tes needed lor 4 Bdrm Card i ff 
house at $100. Own room 753·7621 . 

Need roommate by Jan t . Jlght now If 
poss ible. 5 miles to UCSO. Near bus . Mark or 
larry 27Hi112112/ 3) 

Housemates wanted for 4 BR PI Loma home. 
Spacious, fi replace, yard . 15 min to UCSO. 
Call 224 ·3974 $1 06 mo . 

t F to share rm In 3 bdrm hse in Del Mar. 'h bl 
to baach. Starts Win Qtr. Furn. $90 & 'I. utll, 
non·smoker. 755-3218 (I 21 3) 

Roommates share 3 bdm house. Own room . 
One block Ir UCSO. Praler grad student , 
female. Jail ~~3187. 

I desperalely need someone to take my 
housing contract 10 anywhere on campu • . 
453·9236 . Ask forDa ... . 

Roommates needed for two rooms In large 
10'lllly hOuse in Solana Beach wlfenced yard. 
vegg le garden, terrific view , dOuble garage, 
sun deck & more. $125. Own room Includes 
utll. Mike or Tracy 481-()178. 
F_ needed to share great Del Mar house near 
beach. Non·smoker. Call 755·7416 before X· 
mas break 112/ 5) 

For Aen t W Break, Ig M Bdrm , 3 mi from 
UCSO, $140 for 1 person. sao each for 2. Call 
" nne at 453·4078. 

Two arl lstic mUSIC orienled persons wanted 
to share a two Bdrm. apt. 1n Del Mar wl1h one 
01 the same. Must ba neat/non-smokers. 
Piano in apt. One block to beach ; pool : 
laundry room : furnished I ron t ground level 
apt. Ocean view. Rent Is S85l monlh plus util. 
and phone . Call alter 1 0 pm . 75~:l '64 . 

Male needed 10 share Det Mar room for winter 
quarter, near beach and coast cruiser. 755-
7818. 

One mate needed to start w inter Qtr . Del Mar 
Beach Club. $11 2I month , 1/ 4 Ul ll1ty. Great 
Ptace. 481-11556. 

Neve; used books complex va riab les outltne 
$3.00 Shaums Modern Aig. 53.00 Math t 20 & 
100 A&B Books . 514 .00. Terry 452·2452 
(1211 ) 

Motoboard skaleboard_ Brand new . Cost 520. 
Yours for only 51 0 or ? Call 452·2452 ask for 
Terry. Lea'lll message(12/ 11 

WANTEd 
We are a publ ishing firm looking for good 
typis ts to train as typesetter • . If you can type 
~ w.p.m . are accurate , and can lake flex ible 
hours, you may m the bill . Call 436-3747. 
(1 215) \ 
Top Dollar paid for .u .S . Sliver coins minted 
bafore "165 . " Iso buying old U.S. coins . Call 
Ken 755.73711'216)" 
F Room .... le tor mld·Dec or Jan. 1St. Own 
rm, con_ienl locallon , lots 01 privacy, Call 
Chet or Sue . 278-629(112/3) 

Greal while cat must find temp. or perm. 
hOme • If! year Old . 45J-72~ a.k lor Jen . 
1121 3) , 

Would you bel ieve Ihal there Is a correlation 
between Haadsize and Al pha Wave 
frequency? We need a few more big and 
small heads to complete our study . Comeon 
in 10 B5B3045 to sign up. The eeg only lakes 
15 minutes. Also get a copy of your brain 
wave. An esoteric sludy break? Thanks 10 our 
previous subjects (12/3) 

Womens soccer wants you! No experience 
needed . Meellng Thurs. Dec . 2 8 pm Aae. 
ConI. Rm 

TRAvEl 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUS! NeW York & 
Europe fl ights . PSA reservations CIEE 
Stude nt Trayel Services , open Mon., Wed., 

F" . 1 2·4pm . Call~2-0630(12/6) 
SKI·SKI·SKI·SKI·SKI Jol n the UCSO Ski Club 
for a 7 day Skl·fest In Crested Bulle, 
ColoradO Dec. i l .18. $1 59 j r>elude. trans-
portation , lilts, lodging' and all Ihe l un you 
can handle. For Info , oontact Renee. c.l1 exl . 
4036. (12 /6) 

PETCANDLE® 
Florida's Answer to the Pet Rock. 
PET CANL>LE comes to you with com-
plete set of operating instructions to 
trai"n your PET CANDLE to sit .up , 
stand, light UP, and fly. 
i\vailable in Small , Medium, and Large Sizes. 

PET CANDLE 
110 Giralda Ave., Coral Gables, Florida 33134 
[j Small $1 .00 plus SOc: postage & handl ing 
C Medium $2,00 plus.. 7S¢ postage & handling 

'C Large $3.00 plus 9S¢ postage & handling 
Name 

Address ... . ... , ..... ,', ....... . . 

City State Zip ..... , . 
1976. Pet Candle. Inc. 

Campus Crusade for .Christ 
-Friday Night Meeting 

at 
Winzer Conunons 

BSB-Molthew8 Campus 
December 3 7pm 

triton times Page 7 

WE NOW ·DISCOUNT 
.~ 

TEXAS INSTRUMENT 
CALCULATORS 

Texas Instruments 0 

COMPARE THESE LOW PRICES SUG RETAIL OUR PRICE 
SR - 52 299.95 ' 239.95 
A Card Programable 

Sr - 56 109.95 89.95 
A ~ey Prog~amable 
T~ 5050M ' 129.95 93.95 
BUSINESS ANALYST '49.95 39.95 ~ r tl t 

• 

' PC-1OO 295.00 I 231.95 

SR -40 39.95 / 31 .95 

SR - 51 ·11 79.95 63.95 

. SR • 52 ACCESSORI6S 29.95 21.00 
UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 



Pqd 

HEL I Offers Training 
In Medical Careers 

by AJwe P •• teroak 
S f Writer 

Interested ill medical career? 
A meeting col~rning the Health 
Experience Learning Program 
(HELP) will he held this evening 
M 7pm in Uw North Cmderen~ 
Room of the Student Center. The 
meeting is jointly sponsored by 
Fourth College, University 
Hospital, and Career Planning and 

Pla~ment. 

HELP is a program in which 
students, beginning spring 
quarter, will volunteer four hours a 
week to work in one of University 
Hospital's many labs, clinics, 
nursing floors or specialty areas 
such as the Emergency Room. 
According to Fourth College 
Assistant Dean Jenni Murray, 
besides learning from the volun-
teer work experience, students will 
also become acquainted with a 
variety of medical career OJ>' 

. portunities by participating in 
weekly meetings with 
professionals from the Hospital's 
staff. At the end of the program 
Murray said, volunteers receive a 
letter of evaluation from the 
professional people they have 
worked with. 

For those . interested in 
psychiatry, the University 
Hospital Department Psychiatry 
Volunteer Program will also be 
discussed at tonight's meeting. 

Further infonnation on both 

DNA... 

programs is available in the 
Provost Office or the Career 
Planning Offj~. Both programs 
are tenned "beneficial" to those 
considering or pursuing a health 
oriented career. 

MORE ClAssifiEds ••• 
FOR SALE 

Electronic calculator. Digital readout of all 
basic functions . Desk model 545. John X3670 
Mon & Frl afternoons 

1975 Honda CL360. Only 1500 miles - looks 
brand new - economical . Call Tod 
453-8930 (1 2/3) 

Dynaco SCf,800 Integ. Stereo - quad amp. 
Best offer over 5100. ReCliner $75. Color Bars 
Dot Gen . 753-7621 (12/3) 

Nordica astral racer . Ski boots size 10. 
Perfect condition . Payed 5160 new. Asking 
5100. 481 -9207 Bruce (12 / 3) 

26 Woodboard Road Rider 4S with bennett 
trucks . Asking 525. Call Eric aft. 7 or leave 
message 453-0780. 

'62 Jaguar XKE. Excellent condition. Right 
hand drive . $3650 or best oller. Call after 5. 
465-0280 (12/3) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Brian Langston of Southwest Energy 
Management will speak Thur. 7:30 PM 
Revelle Informal Lounge . Everyone welcome. 

Women 'S Soccer. Any questions call Ellen 
755-2637 . 

To the students and workers who contributed 
to the food drove . Thank-you . $200 and one 
van full of food was delivered Wednesday! 

tritpn times 
Undergraduate enrollments 

in winter quarter extension 
classes Will be taken today and 
tomorrow in the extension of· 

fi~, at Me 1)3. Enrollments in 
credit classes-numbered 1·199-
will be taken today, and 
enrollments in non-credit 
courses will be taken tomorrow. 
According to extension official 
Tom Shephard, "there's a lot of 
room available for students in 
theclaMes." 

The OPTOMETRY CLUB Is meeting Thursday 
at 7 pm in the Lounge Conference Room at 
the Student Center. Any Interested students 
are invited to attend . 

HOUSING 

M needed to take over housing contract. 
Single rm Tioga Hall. ocean view. Call '!>ete 
452-0824 or 455-1263. (12/1) 
2 Roommates needed for spacious .. BA 
Faint Loma home. Only 5106 .00 per mo. Call 
224-3974 . 

SERVICE 
LOST: Green spiral notebook - british 
politics. Please call 755-7196 or ralurn to Poll 
Sci olflce. 
Tutoring In math by 'ormer UCSD math dept. 
T·A· Bruce. 481 -7634(12/5) 

Ski tuneup & repair. Hot wax $1 .50/up. Tune-
up 54 .oo/up. Get ready for Xmas! Alan 755-
2543 leave message. 

Typing: tBM Correcting Selectric II . thesis . 
termpapers. etc . Call 452-1588 after 5:00 
(12/5) 
EARN UP TO $300 PER SEMI:::; II:H UH 
MUCH MORE! Campus Reps wanted to post 
distribute for commiSSion . Lines guaranteed 
to sell . Aggresive. motivated perspns . Few 
hours weekly . Send resume & $2 for job 
description . info. sheets. application forms , 
post & handlg . Upon acceptance receive 
coding number , memb. -card . work .manual 
'ree With first weekly commission check 
receive your $2 back . Write Nationwide 
Collegiate Marketing Services . Box 1384: 
Ann Arbor. MI48106. 

Sunday and Monday 
rUE Admission 
All Night 

Monday 
.... a-Uy 
........ 

Pitcher: $ • . 05 
Glass: 30e 

Wednesday . ftIu.· •..•.. 
Tequila Shots 55e 
Margaritas: 55e 

Tuesday Thursday , 
WI •• ·Ope .... 
All Well Drinks 
All Night: 

Daaclq, Spirits, Gam. a" G .... 
Free Adnission Thurs WillI Valli Student ID 

OPENs 11 a .m. to 1:30 a m. Everyday 
945 Garnet Avenue 

could have been killed on the freeway to the airport in 
Palo Alto, or on the plane flying here or on the 
freeway to here," he added, and asserted that no one 
would have insured his trip for five million dollars. 

Berg suggested that he is much more confident in 
biological contairunent cbncerning the potential risks 
of recombinant DNA research, than in the risks of 
day-t<Klay living. 

Exam 8 True-

OUR KITCHEN IS OPEN UNTIL 
l:OOa .m. daily 

and 1:30a .m . on Weekends 

Carnegie A-440 Pizza Hall 
" 

False Score_· ___ _ 
TF 

TF 

TF 

T ·F 

1. Joe Watson is Provost of Muir College. 
2 The Torpedo Sand-wich at Carnegie A-

• 440 is served 'with 
Sauerkraut. 

Singer is 
Professor 3 John , • UCSD 

Biology. 

a 
of 

4. The instrument in The Carnegie A-440 Logo is a tuning fork. 
Bring this exam to Carnegie A-t40 for 

scoring by any waitress. 

100%: 1/ 3 off any pizza ' 
75 % : 1/ 4 off any pizza 
50 %: $1 aff any pizza 
25 ({,: FREE A -440 BUMPER STICKER 

Expires Dec . 7, 1976 
2212 Carmel Valley Road, Del Mar 755-6778 


