
I II '" I I II J 

King NeptUne, portrayed by Fourth College Provost Lea 
Rudee, emerges from the depths to lead the festivities for 
Fourth's first annual Tradition Day. Over 100 students 
braved the rain at the beach adjacent to Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography for a day of beach sports. (TT photo: Bill 
Brooks) 

Local Advocates Call for 
Defeat of Senate Bill I 
Claim FBI Sabotage at Rally 
by Sara Lowen 

Community Editor 
Speakers at a rally Sunday night 

said that the defeat of Senate Bill 1 
(SI) is necessary if people's 
freedoms are to be preserved in the 
present political climate of the 
United States. 

" It is essential that S1 is defeated 
because we are no longer protected 
by the checks and balances of 
goverrunent. Decision makers are 

o longer men of goodwill," said 
d Boomer, a San Diego attorney. 
oomer said SI would deny US 
~f, zens their civil liberties and 
would undermine several Supreme 
Court decisions, such as the 
Miranda decision and the repeal of 
the death penalty. 

SI originated in the attempts of a 
bipartisan congressional com-
mittee to recodify federal criminal 
law during the Johnson ad-
ministration. 

The nature of the revision was 
changed during the Nixon ad-
ministration, when former Attys. 
Gen. John Mitchell and Richard 
Kleindeinst gave a law-and-order 
emphasis to the bill, Boomer said. 

SI would establish new 
definitions and stricter penalities 
for such activities as rioting, 
sabotage, extortion and impairing 
military operations. 

Because of the ambiguity of the 
bill, Boomer fears it could be used 
by the government to establish a 
police state. 

Frank Wilkerson, of the National 
Committee on Repressive 
Legis lation, said the bill is 
reminiscent of the Subversive 
Activities Control Act sponsored by 
Richard Nixon, in the McCarthy 
Era, which required Communists 
and Socialists to register with the 
goverrunent. 

Senate Bill 1, h said, is one of a 
number of attempts on the part of 
the ongress to resurrect the 
politi al control of the 195Os. (A bill 
to r surrect the House Internal 
Securities Commission lost by only 
17 votes recently.) He also said 
that the leadership of the Senate 
was considering a compromise 
bill, which he said drops 13 
unimportant points of the massiv 

New Assistant 
Manager 

Th Triton Times has a new 
ass istant managing editor. 

rr ctive immediately, Kristin 
will fill the position which 

been vacant for the last two 
rter . 

bill, without changing its 
repressive nature. 

" We do need a new criminal 
code," Wilkerson said, " but the 
Nixon program contradicts every 
finding of the original committee." 

Before the meeting, Nancy 
Bakel' of the Machinists Union 
charged that the FBI had at-
tempted to sabotage the meeting. 

Baker said she was notified that 
the meeting could not be held at the 
Machinists Union Hall as 
previously planned. She said that 
union secretary John Shea was told 
the meeting could not be held 
because someone in the union was 
contacted by the FBI about the 
meeting. 

When contacted by the ' Triton 
Times, Shea refused to answer 
questions about whether an FBI 
agent had contacted him. In an 
earlier conversation with the 
Triton Times, Shea said he had no 
pa rt in the decision to withdra w the 
committee's use of tbe hall. 

"I was not involved in the 
decision to withdraw the use of the 
hall. I was in Sacramento meeting 
with Yov. Brown urging the bill's 
defeat at the time," Shea said. 

Danny Morris of the FBI said he 
" couldn't believe that we (the FBI) 
would have anything to do with the 
cancellation. But I can't vouch 100 
percent that one of our agents 
didn't contact the union about one 
of the members of the SB1 com-
mittee." He said the FBI has no 
interest in keeping the committee 
from holding the meeting. 

SWP's Reid 
To Speak 

The Socialist Workers' Party 
(SWP ) vice-presidential can-
didate, Willie Mae Reid , will speak 
today at noon on Muir plaza about 
" Why we need a Bill of Rights for 
Working People." 

Rdd's political involvement 
began 15 years ago when she 
participated in th bus ride-ins in 
Memphis in the mid- ixties. 
Besides being involved in the black 
liberation movement, Reid ran for 
mayor of Chicago in 1974 as an 
SWP candidate. 

Reid's platform calls for an end 
to the capitalist system, racism 
and the oppression of women and 
homosexuals, as well as passag of 
th Equal Rights Am ndment. 

H r appearance is being spon-
sored by the YOWlg Socialist 
Allian . 

W y,Apr07,HnI 

Lugannani Refuses to Drop 
Charges in Saxon Hearing 

by John H. Taylor 
Editor-in-chief 

Disciplinary hearings -for 10 
students charged with University 
regulations violations during UC 
President Saxon's Nov. 25 visit to 

Community edUor Sara J. Lowen 
and Opinion editor Craig Uchida 
assisted in-thls report. 

UC San Diego opened again 
Monday with an unsuccessful 
attempt by the defense to obtain 
dismissal of two of the three 
charges against the students. 

The defense maintained the two 
charges - that Saxon's health and 
safety was endangered during the 
demonstration against alleged 
Central Intelligence Agency 
presence in UC, and that a campus 
official gave the students orders 
that were disobeyed - had not been 

proven by the University during its 
three-week presentation. 

Hearing officer Robert 
I,ugannani refused to dismiss the 
charges, insisting that defense 
attorneys - Peter Schey, Tom 
Bowden and Donald .... Nunn -
present their arguments in a 
written brief. 

Also, on Monday, film student 
Mark Freund showed the final 100 
ft. of footage he had taken of the 
demonstration. 

Freund said he had been taking 
film for a documentary account of 
the incident. 

The film was called by the 
defense to counter the third charge 
by the University, that the 10 
students obstructed Saxon as he 
walked from a cancelled Academic 
Senate meeting at USB 2622 to the 
Chancellor's complex. 

Off-Campus Housing Office 
Condu,cts Survey This Week 

A survey, the results to be used in a guide for UC San Diego community 
members who rent apartments or houses, is being conducted this week by 
the off-campus housing office. ' 

Nick Aguilar in the housing office, who is conducting the survey, says 
the guide is being developed to help renters find suitable living space, a 
task that is complicated by ,San Diego's "critical shortage in moderate 
and low income housing. " 

He says the guide will contain information on what to look for in a lease 
contract, month to month renting vs. leasing, a brief description of the 
communities surrounding UCSD and major problems faced by students 
living off campus. 

The survey, which began yesterday, continues today and tomorrow 
between 10 am and 3 pm at tables at the Revelle plaza, the Muir com-
mons, Third College, the student center and Matthews campus near the 
bookstore. 

The surveys can be left at the tables' or returned directly to the off-
campus housing office in the student center. 

Trio of Space 
Plans Face 

. 

Coop's BRG 
by Mark Stadler 

News Editor 

The film showed blockage of the 
procession-which included Saxon, 
several administrators and UCSD 
plainsclothes officers and 50 to 100 
demonstrators - only at a vehicle 
barrier on the route, and at the 
entrance to the bridge from 
Revelle to Matthews over Gilman 
Drive. 

It also showed a group of 
students linking arms. Anns-
linking has been the principal 
means of blockage UC counsel 
Milton Gordon has cited in his case 
against the students. 

However , only two of the 
charged students -- Tomas 
Calderon and Victor Zamudio -
were among those shown linking 
arms in Freund 's film. 

This group was shown walking 
backwards, away from Saxon 
toward the vehicle barrier. 

Lugannani also heard student 
Steve Lopez, who suggested to the 
crowd at a gym-steps question and 
answer session that it accompany 
Saxon to the Academic Senate 
m eting, say he was concerned 
with the President's safety. 

He said he had heard a group of 
students was planning a guerilla 
theatre, wherein a person would 
pretend he had been shot by a 
sniper . 

S veral students testified for the 
defense yesterday . One said 
linkups had been "sporadic;" 
another said Saxon's party was 
significantly slowed in its progress 
only at the vehicle barrier and at 
the bridge. 

The second tudent added that 
she heard no orders from ad-
min istrator s that the crowd 
disperse . 

Construction of Step 2 of the 
student center is complete, b~t 
the delicate business of space 
allocation still remains for the 
Budget Resource Group (BRG ), 
the committee picked for the task 
by student affairs dean George 
Murphy. 

One wing of the Student Center, Step 2, which is 
currently under controversy regarding space allocation . 
(TT photo : Nathan Meyers) 

Space in Step 2-which cost 
$600,000 and is being financed by 
the $6-per-year student center 
fee-has been "allocated for the 
most part," Student enter 
Director Mark Bookman said 
Monday. 

However, there i some con-
troversy revolving around 
housing the Triton Times staff, 
that has divided the BRG into 
proponents of three diff rent 
plans, BRG member Steve 
P tach said yesterday. 

One plan, drawn up by Peta h 
and several other BRG member , 
In consultation with Bookman 
would place 44 student 
organizations in th tudent 

nter and 14 groups on thr 
college campus . 

"We tried to m et th 
organizations' needs a be t we 
could with pa limitations and 
r quirements," P tach aid of 
his plan, called " Plan ." It was 
made up within ~uidelin S, t 

down by Murphy, to work around 
space originally allocated for the 
official campus media-KSDT 
radio and th Triton Times-and 
th consumer cooperative -the 
Food Coop, the Bike Coop and the 

round work olle tive. 
Petach outlin d th procedure 

us d in workin out Plan . All 
student organizations wanting 
space in the student center 
made space I' quests to th BRG, 
outlinin th room they currently 
occupy, th pace they think th y 
need in the center and which 
organizations they would pI' fer 
to be located next to. 

The allocations w I' then 
made, accordin to prioriti set 
by the BRG, Petach said. Th 
priorities are : all campus media , 
offi ial and unofficial; Haf-
firmativ a lion" group ,like the 
Women's nt r, th Disabl d 
Stud nt Union and MECHA ; 
Student oop rativ -relat d 
gr ups ; and group m ting a 

" broad-based campus need. " 
The three plans being 

discu ed by the BRG revolve 
around how much space th 
Triton Times will be allocated. 
Plan ,in accord with the 
original allocation, place the 
Triton Tim s in a large room 
di\, id d into veral mailer 
offi e on the econd floor of on 

ge! 



to the Editor 

D n't Be Duped by Prop 15 
On &t rday, I attended the campus appearance of Gregory Minor, 
enginee,~ 'urned evangelist, and heard him recite the set piece in favor of 
Proposition 15, the so-called Nuclear Safeguards Initiative. 

The central issue here is one of nuclear power plant safety and the 
Initiative demandS that the validity of all safety systems be proven "by 
comprehensively testing, in ' actual operation, substantially similar 
physical systems. " 

During the question and answer session, I asked Minor to outline the 
test program he, as an engineer, wants undertaken in California. 
Imagine my surprise when he told his student audience and me that the 
proponents are relying on tests underway at Idaho's National Reactor 
Test Site. These are model tests sponsored by the federal Energy 
Research and Development Agency. Only in the most narrow of 
legalistic interpretations can they be said to meet the language of the 
Initiative. It is unlikely that the tests will be completed, results reviewed 
and industry standards adopted within the time-frame of the Initiative. 

Given these facts, I believe the University community will want to 
make a closer reading of the Initiative and ask, "Are we dealing with 
reality or duplicity?" 

GEORGE E. KIDD, FELLOW 
THE AMERICAN SOCIETY OF 

MECHANICAL ENGINEERS 

Housing Board Discourtesy 
The following is a Tetter to the Revelle College Housing Board con-

cerning its selection procedure: 

Dear Committee Members : 
I am writing to you with regards to the selection of a new member of 

your committee last quarter. As a part of the selection process, I was 
among several persons who were interviewed for the position. Sui>-
sequent to this interview I have received no official communication from 

Continued on Page 3 

Mlirk Woe1ber 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

Crai~ Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

UC Slin Diego 

John H. Taylor 
Editor-ln-chlef 

Sara J . Lowen 
Community Editor · 

Dave Elsen 
Sports editor 

Space .. 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

r 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

Nathan Meyers 
Photo editor 

Kenzie Nicoll 
Business Manager 

Alan Russell 
Arts editor 

Tim MacKenzie 
Criticism editor 

Wednesday, 04111'117, 1976 

TRB 

Two Americas 
Before mid-summer, the Supreme Court may toes 

one of its own bombshells into the presidential race. It 
may bring America's biggest skeleton out of the 
closet, the growing polarization of the black L'tmtral 
cities and the white suburbs; the trend which the 
Kerner Report noted in 1968: "Our nation is moving 
toward two societies, one black, one white - separate 
and unequal." 

The pending case, Hills vs Gautreaux, has been 
batted like a teMis ball back and forth between 
judges for 10 years. The unresolved issue is a kind of 
sublimation of the dispute over schools and busing, 
and deals with subsidized housing; there would be no 
need of school busing, of course, if races were in-
termingled in the same community. 

In 1966, Mrs. Dorothy Gautreaux, since deceased, 
and five other black residents of Chicago's South Side 
brought suit against the Department of Housing and 
Urban Development (HUD) and the Chicago Housing 
Authority, charging that they were consCiously 
perpetuating racial discrimination by locating 
federally subsidized housing Wlits in black neigtr 
borhoods. A Federal District court found that in 16 
years (1950-1966) the federal government spent 
nearly $350 million on such projects "in a maMer 
which perpetuated a racially disCriminatory housing 
system in Chicago." 

The wrongs are virtually admitted; the issue is 
what's to be done about it. Can the courts act? The 
case came to the US Court of Appeals for the Seventh 
Circuit in Chicago whose 1974 decision, was written by 
retired Supreme Court Justice Tom Clark, sitting by 
designation in the hearing. 

Anyone reading the record, Clark wrote angrily 
"quickly discovers a callousness on the part of the 
appellees towards the rights of the black, un-
derprivileged citizens of Chicago that is beyond 
comprehension." Nor is it just Chicago, he said; 
"'white flight' has brought on the same condition in 
most of our metropolitan cities .. .!t is the most serious 
domestic problem facing America today." He added, 
" we must not sentence our poor, our underprivileged. 
our minorities to the jobless slums of the ghettos and 
thereby forever trap them in the vicious cycle of 
poverty which can only lead them to lives of crime 
and violence." 

Justice Clark knew the case would be appealed to 
his old alma mater, ~he Supreme Court. He thought 
the justices there should order the local and Federal 
goverMnents to right the situation. The Burger court 
has in fact accepted the case and heard arguments 
last January. Decision could come any day now, 
probably early this summer, perhaps just before the 
Democratic convention in New York, July 12. 

Those intervening for plaintiffs include the League 
of Women Voters, the Notre Dame Center for Civil 
Rights , the NAACP and the National Education 
Association which hopes the case could help bring 
desegregation " to minority group children locked in 
inner city schools." 

~ 

The case has explosive potential for altering 
traditional black-white city housing patterns but 
before that It must jump another hurdle. While 
Gauteaux was pending in lower courts the Supreme 
Court, 5 to 4, decided the precedent-setting Detroit 
school case, July, 1974 (Milliken vs Bradley). Yes it 
said, there are unconstitutional discriminations ' in 
Detroit against black children, but no, it said, thia can 
not be remedied by combining the white suburbs with 
the black central city. 

The remedy must be local, it said, not 
metropolitan; in legal language it ruled that you can't 
involve the suburbs in the problems of the congested 
iMer ghettos; problems which, it ruled, the suburbs 
hadn't created or, at any rate, weren't responsible for 
as a matter of law. And so the wise judges closed their 
eyes to the fact that becomes more obvious every 
year, the departure from the aging center cities of 
affluent residents, and of business and industry as 
well. 

Whites are emigrating and jobs are, too. 
"Increasingly, centers of employment are being 
located in suburban and outlying parts of 
metropolitan areas," says one of the briefs in the case 
entered by the Natiooal Committee Against 
Discrimination in Housing. "These jobs, many of 
which could be filled by relatively unskilled persons, 
are virtually inaccessible to the central city, where 
low-income minorities are overwhelmingly con-
fined." The Corrunittee supports the lower court 
(Clark) ruling. 

All four Nixon appointees to the Supreme Court 
voted the same way-not to throw a judicial lifeline to 
the kids in the Detroit central city. Nixon wanted 
conservative, district constructionist judges who 
wouldn't go around trying to reform social ills. He 
found them, even including Haynswroth and Carswell 
who weren't confirmed. 

His four appointees are the most important con-
tinuing institutional Nixon legacy . The fifth man in 
the majority was Potter Stewart, appointed by 
Eisenhower, who is often the swing man between 
conservatives and liberals. There has been only one 
change in the court since then ; moderate John Paul 
Stevens named in Dec!!mber by Ford to replace 
liberal William O. Douglas. His views are unknown. 

The Gautreaux case hinges on whether the court 
now applies the narrow approach to housing that it 
did to schools. It is instructive to see how old hand 
Tom Clark cagily tailored his lower court opinion, 
urgently pleading for judicial intervention in the 
housing mess, to the predilections of the high court 
where he sat 18 years. 

He took particular aim at swing man Potter 
Stewart. The latter joined the Nixon four but wrote a 
concurrent opinion substantially milder. He stressed 
the long tradition of local control over schools as an 
argument against judicial intervention and Clark did 
this, too, noting that public housing has no such 

Continued on Page 4 

Did bother ~bikettls to led< 
(EUiiOPE-CiiARTFM 
• Book Now--Don't wait = (Friday's Triton Times will carry a story on Monday 's Coop 

meeting.) 
Petach indiCated that he was 

not sure what this would mean for 
the space already allocated. 

COP1ES 
3}'2¢ • .:. 
II_OIl LOC"'1OfI$ 

150SYJ IIOIICUII Jl4.t323 51" COUIIl'''' .7 .. '" 
IMPROVE your 

BlllTIES thru 
HYPNOSIS 

DICIC RAKOW 281 -458 \. 

= Many Fliqhts Already Full , 
• I 
• Boo king . For Flights • 
• Deadline is : L e aving On : • I April 05 June 08 • 
I April 12 June 15 • 
I April 18 June 21 • 

April 23 June 26 
I April 26 June 29 • 
I • 
II S PACE STILL AVAILABLE •• 

ON SOME FLIGHT 
I • 
I CIEE . , 
I Student Bill Kell r & M ark Dana • I UC D I nternational Cen ter • 
I Travel La Jolla. Calif. 92093 • 

lk Se · 452-0630 :J rVlces Open W eekdays 12-4 pm . 
-------------------

morning? 
_ltbettweWhen ¥DUNtwn? 

RHlOCt( IS the ' list bicrcle Iockl"a system 10 .tIft • ComOlCt stetl CUt boIu 
conventtnce ,nd JbsoMe ~tet, the syslfm aUaCil!S to 'flme 
to 1M Irlme crossmembtr .nc! unnot bt 

• loch and unlocu In SteoMs rtmoved In lock posIllOn CtlJlA reUacts Inlo tamper 
prool USt when not In U~ locks Ind unklc~s In • CUi. shaHer Ind llt11per·ptool 
$etond ~1 

• ....... In~t(lu ale 

fi!J/~ r;stem$ ORO£RNOW! la, 
cnv \. S14!li 

post-patl 

, } 
REELOCK AVllllble only by mIll Ifom The Williams Com pan, 310 E"I 11th ~ .. rlU' Denver COIOfJdO 80203 
I ~ iiiiiIft - ." I iii;ii ~!I!!!! I ."_'I"'~·"Off, 

.J 

"Growing up in Hollywood" 
This new bestseller won rave reviews from JUDITH CRIST, ERIC AMOLEA, 

KEVIN OROWNLOW ! Meet the author, award winning film editor and director 
ROOERT PARRISH . 
12 noon to 2 p.m. 

THURSDAY, APRIL 8 Refreshments 
He will be autographing copies in the UNIVERSITY O~OKSTORE, 

Wednesday, April 7 , 1976 Page3 

TRiTON TiMES ClAssifiEd Ads 
fOR SAl( 

4 Stlln tenor sax $200 . Barcus-Berry 
n.lliar . short cord W I preamps 550. 

, M,keslancf" boom' 525 . Ventura e guitar 
~130 wlcase. cord. Shure PE -515 mphone 
swvl . ca5e $;>5 . Olr/s trmpi $25 Twin bed . 
framr 5;>5 Cal! Max 4o~-g97J . (4 /14) 

TenniS rackel Wilson T3000. 2 weeks old . 4 
'I ' S mod 551bs. 532 (1172. -9738 ask for Ken. 
IA 14 1 

Relrlg lor sale - 597 . JuSI like nu . brown & 
woor/ ·graln 1.8 cu It by Avanll ",lIreezer . 
Ca ll Oonna 452·9490. (4/7) 

Twin bed "'"h frame for sale . 520 . Call Cathi 
aI452·3639 . (4 /7) 

Surfboard 6'6" Calohan 145. J im 452·9727. 
(419) 

'69 Toyota landcruiser. Xlnl condillon! Low 
mileage. many accessories 453·0387 . (4/9) 

My Inend was given a Longlnes digital walch 
he wants to sell . unused . in box. SJOO 755-
7904 Sabino. (4 /9 ) 

1972 Capri V.o . automalic . sunrool . 4 new 
radial t Ires. car cover decor group interior . 
AM I FM lape-stereo. Besl oller. Call Oiana 
270.~04 aller 7 pm or leave message belore 
5 pm al 452-4033. (4/9) 

Peugeol U08 Ten speed. lalrly new . exce lle nt 
condi lion 21 '/:0 " Irame 595. call 453-0040 . 
1(19) 

Discou rtesy ... 

63 Chevy Impala VB 2834 Dr Exce Engine & 
Body. $400 or best oller. 452· 1016 eve . 
~2796 day Ask Ravi (4/14) 

SkiS • Fisher Alu. Good cond . marker·b,nd 
54500 Ca ll 453·9663. Milch. (4 /7) 

Kindness deluxe elec . hair rollers by Clalrol 
lighted m irror 515 .00 3975·F Miramar 51. 
275-1839 (4 /9) 
70 Plymoulh Dusler. 4 speed. mags. Ilfes. 
scoo p. Very sharp . New r.IUICh & brakes. 
1.200 VIC 452·9007 (4 / 9) 
? Kneeboards . guaranleed 10 get you In Ihe 
greenroom . Also 10ngJohn . Call Dale 755-
7150 . evenings (41 12) 
1965 VW Squareback. Excellent c ondllton 
FOcx:t for freeway . around lown and Baja 
camping . Extras. $1 .000. Call 272-8532 . (4 /7) 
Ampeg PA 6Channel s. hrgh impedenceand 4 
1001 columns. Excellent condition. S8OO. 
272.8532 . (417) 
Surlboard 6'7 - x 21" . Good condition . ex· 
ce llent learner's board . $45 . Call Jell al 453-
5817 . (4 / 9) 

Will sell or trade never opened Roiling Siones 
LP Goals Head Soup lor good-cond Bealles 
2nd LP (0' solo) A utobahn·Kr.ltwerk . new 
Flee lwoOd Mac. or?? Call Kerstln 755-5884 
days 

kOlJsiNG 
3 .oommales needed to share 3 bdrm duplex 
2 blocks from beach In Del Mar . Own room 
$ 100 (prelel F\: share room 575 per person. 
Available June 20 for I year lease . Call Su 
755·2249 leave message . (4 /7) 

the Board concerning the status of the opening. I have heard that the 
position was filled several weeks ago, prior to the close of the winter 
quarter. 

If the Housing Board has made its selection, I would greatly appreciate 
some kind of official notification to that effect. I feel that the absence of 
an automatic communication demonstrates a lack of elementary cour-
tesy on the part of the committee . 

Thank you very much for your ~ttention. 

DANIEL A. G RAIFER 

California Law Institute 
at Santo Barbara 

Now accepting applications for 
Summer Session 

Starting June 29, 1976 
Fall Term-commencing September 7, 1976 

Degree programs leading to LLB or JD Degrees. Graduates Qualify for 
California Bar Examina tions. 

TRANSFER STUDENTS ACCEPTED 
,.. Fe'-- W--. .. c. ...... 

.rlte _ , •••• 

Law School Campu 
2034 Alameda Podre Serro 
Sonto Barboro . Ca . 93103 

Ph. (a05 ) 963-1567 

:a 
=-: 

One performance only in San Diego 
Thursdav, April 15th at 8:00pm 

Me 
:IE 
- -c., 
, , , C., 
=-= 
=a 

with Martha Graham in person Prrcel : 58.50, 7.50. 6.50 

San Diego Civic Theatre Student Discount 51 .00 

Pr09ram : S.rllph,c Dialogue· I Lamentation' 
EI P.t\tlent.· I ApPlllachlan Spring· "San Otego premIere) 

Tlck.ts now on III, lit Center BO)l Offtce. glm to Spm . 
and lit Surs. Montgomery Wards. and all Tlck e tron outlets 

ROOMMATES NEEDED Room for ~ to share. 
3 mi 10 UCSO 583 1 mon + elect. Clean 
qUiel 452·B493. Grant. (4/7) 

Female room male needed now for Del Mar 
aPI near beach Call 755-9471 Claudia 14 /14) 

Female roommale share 3 brm house norlh 
"Po NonsmOker 100 lmon per Jun sen Call 
48fl.9758 W"d Eve (4 /7) 

Available now Ig master bedroom w/prrvale 
halh 1719 Oliver Or P B Preler cou ple or 
two p''Ople willIng 10 share room Ren t 
ncqOltable Call 272-9334 aller 5'00 or X2192 
b"lore 1200. John. Orew or Jim (4 /7) 

Female crUiser roule $85 monlh share room 
no pel S. Call 755·2542 \4/7\ 

Female roomate wanted 10 share 2 BR ocean 
vlewapl 17 m in 10 UCSD. 753·4322/Belh . 
14 / 91 

Roommale wanted M or F own bdrm in large 
house 1 blk Irom beach . Garden & olher 
goodies 51 00. 224-1990. (417) 

lOST & fOUNd 
Found 3 key s on wire by Iree Old Mesa Apt 
You lell me what Ihey look Irke 453-5017. 
(417) 

Losl Young male Siamese cal al Mesa Apts 
Sunday Please caIl 453·5Q17 Reward (4 / 7) 

LOSI maroon and gold lounlaln pen between 
Murre Five and Dime and Cenl lib Call 
Gcoll270·3164 Reward (4 /7) 

LOSI Blonde Afagan female answers to Bird . 
Friday Reward Call collect 433-9537 (4 / 7) 

TRAVEL 
Overseas JObS- ASi a Auslralla . Alnca 
EuroPe. Soulh America All occupallons. 
$600·S2500 Invaluable expe'lences Details 
25 cenls tnl ernal lo nal Employmen l 
Research Box 389347 . Sealile . Wash 98125 
(4119) 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY . CIEE· 
STUOENT TRAVEL SERVICES UCSD IN-
TERNATIONAL CEN r~R OPEN WEEKDAYS 
'2·4pm . 452-0630. (6/3) 

Europe·lsr I-Soulh Amcnca ·Sludent flights 
year round ISCA 11687 San V,cenle BII'd N4 
L A CA 90049. (213) 826-5669. 16/ 4} 

• SERVICES 
HATHA YOGA Small I"endly classes. 1m· 
prove your concen tration and gain control of 
mind and boOy Ihru poslures . brealh control . 
medltahon and relaxallon . Tues or Thurs 7-
830 pm . Wed morning 9 3()' t 1 00 sa per 
month . sluclems $12 per monlh . non-
sludents Flrsl class Iree. East Commons 
Room. Old Mesa Api. Call 275-1839. Sandra 
Jennings . Instruclor (Certilled by Indra DeVI) 

Typing-Marilyn would Irke 10 Iype your 
paper . theSIS. book . She IS experienced . fasl . 
reasonable and has a correcting IBM. Please 
call her al 565-7000. (4/7) 

LOOKING FOR A MORE REWAROING JOB 
THIS SUM MER? More pay and out 01 stale . 
459·43 lor Interview . (5/16) 
Sublecls needed lor phonetiCS expe"ment. 
For delads. call or see Sue. P&L 3126 . ext. 
2537 

Custom grad announcmen ls, wedding In-
vltallons . elc. Original calligraphy al ' low 
cosl 453-0387. (4 /9 ) 

TypiSt. IBM lerm paper. thesis . dissertal ion . 
elc . editing. rush JObS. xerox' 560-8171 . 45:'· 
1588. (6/3) 

AUIO work : lune up brakes . minor repair. lube 
and Oli. good work . low price Mike 436-3667. 
(4/12) 

WANTEd 
Wanled light-weight backpack for Eu.rope 
thiS summer Call ,n the evening 296-2479 or 
447-1753 Call now (4 / 9) 

TYPist -IBM Correcllng Seleclnc - avg cost 
$ 75 page· Clairemonl area· call Sher 279-
1418 (4 / 7) 

Blues harmonica lessons for raw ana 
somewhal ripe beginners Irom exp leacher 
272·8532 (4 /7) 

Ar you concerned abOut your lulure? 
Supporl Prop 15 and sale nuclear power To 
qet Involved Jom us. PrOject SurVIval on Man 
Anr 12 at 8 pm In Ihe Nonh Conference Rm 
Come and see what you can do (417) 

Life drawlnQ Limit 6 senous students 
$3/ 3 hr sessIOn. Sal Have a gOed medel . 
need anolher. 436-0709 (4114 ) 

Pacific Performing Arts lind 
Mel HOWlird present 

The, Japlln Folkloric Arts Ensemble 

odori 
• FESTIVAL OF 

Japan 
OEVIL DANCES I TE~PLE DANCES I DRAGON DANCES I RITUAL COMBA T 

40 SENSATIONAL DANCERS. SINGERS AND MUSI CIANS 

"An exquisite, lavishly produced demonstration of 
folk songs, drama and dance. " - Los Angeles Times 
"Don't miss this company.''' - New York T imes 

CIVIC THEATRE 
TUESDAY APRil 13 • 8:00PM 

Tickets on sale at Center Box Office , 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. 
and at Sears . Montgomery Wards . and all Tlcketron outlets . 

PRICES: $7.50-6 .50-5.50 
STUDENT DISCOUNT 51 .00 

For Further Information Call .. 236-6510 

Brilllani colors 01 Ihe rainbow sh red Wllh 
YOII Thanks 1417\ 

EW"fyone who went on the Ursa trip to 
t>ravenly IS Invlled 10 a party Fri April 9. 830 
pm 1803 Coasl Blvd (4 / 9\ 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Atlention Th ird College students, 
faculty and $toff : sign·up now for 
the second Third College Spring 
Boat Dance, Saturday, April 17. 
Tickets are ovo ilable at the Third 
College Dean's Office . Dancing, 
refreshments and excitement for 
$2. 

The Third College Student Interns 
will be hosting a Forum Sunday 
Apr il 25. in the Student Center. The 
purpose of the Forum is 10 brrng 
togefher all the Third College 
student leaders and create a belter 
commun icaflons outlay among the 
d iffere nt committees. For more 
informat ion, contact the Th ird 
College Dean's Office, MC 412 or 
ext. 4391. 

The second annuol underwater 
tr icycle race is coming! II will be 
held Friday April 16 at 2 pm. For 
app lications. see the RecreatIon PE 
office . Open 10 all cerltfied divers. 
Specla lors welcome. 

Applrcaltons for UCSD ColPtRG 
local Board are ava ilable at Ihe 
Siudenl Cenler Organizations 
Office from Sandy SterlIng and are 
due Apr rl 9. Five pOSitions are 
open . Graduates and un· 
dergraduoles intereSled In CaIP(RG 
and dOing the day- to·day bUSiness 
are elIgible and urged to apply. 

part time work: male 

racquetball center In PacifiC Beach over 
2'1 years 0 1 age Hours are variable 

Call 488-S361 

SUMMER STUDY IN 

HAWAII 
Earn Seven Units in Two Weeks 

All courses conducted in 
SMAll SEMINARS ' 

Cross·Cultural Psychology 
HumanistIc PsyChOlogy 

DraWIng & Painting 
Island Geology 
SCUBA DIVing 
Oceanography 

Sky D ,v,ng 
Sailing 

l imited Enrollment! See your campus travel 
bureau or write Immed latety to 

RESOURCE CENTER 
364 Seas,de Ave . Rm 2Ot2 

Honolulu HI 9681 5 
WANTED: Are. repre.enr..Uv •• f.mm., with 

O.hu to work on comm; .. ~ ball • . 

7.J.C ~an :Di..E.90 CamptU 
P 'l.o9tam 13oa'ld pu;u;nh 

he Prisoner 
wi Patrick MacGoohan 

April 10 - June 5 
.t 6:30 pm before 

e.ch Frida" and Saturday fUm 
(In-eluded In S I ticket price) 



TRB • • • 
Tradition. "Said atone point, "Justice Stewart's view is pivotal because 
his vote nmkfs a majority when added to any of the other opinions." 

In a dull election, the Supreme Court could bring debate down to earth. 
The Kerner Report warned, "the nation is rapidly moving toward two 
increasing.y separate Americas. Within two decades, this division could 
be so deep lhat it would be almost impossible to uni~. " 

Eight years of those two decades have passed and the clock ticks on. By 
action or inaction the Supreme Court might force reluctant candidates to 
discuss the issue. 

Friday April 9-

Letty Pogrebin, 
successful editor, 
writer, wife and 
mother gives you 
the hard-hitting 
practical facts 
you need to: 
• enter the job 

market 
• beat sex 

discrimination 
• get out of a 

dead-end job 
• avoid family 

career-conflicts 
• and much, 

much morel 
$J.75 

7:30 10:00 

"be- uty pageants are as 
Am.~ri an as apple pie." 
w i f rlJce Dern & Barbara 
Fc>I.lo ... . 

THE PRISONER 
w ~ Patrick MacGoohan 
'Arrival" 

'ARRIVAL' 
THE MUSIC ROOM 
A b(HUlilul IJn,' p lIlta, I,ltn by Om' 01 Inll, .. ~ 
mOSI WI!ll known (jlft'ctors Silty 1,1 R«y 

who~ human, m d Ivp through Ind'Jn (;ulturf' 
11,10 d"I'p"" more "n'vf"~.ll hllmdn I lings 

Harry 
and 

Tonto 
starring Art Carney (1974 
Academy Award - Best 
Actor) 

Saturday, April 10-

6:30 

7: 0 
& 

1 0 

III 
.. 

• rI •••• • I.IJI('S .. Wedaescbly, Aprtl7, II'7t 
Concerts 

TUBES Assault Capacity Crowd at 
UCSD Gym with New Show 

by Tim Mackenzie 
Criticism editor 

The Tubes' performance at the 
main gym Saturday night provided 
an indication that the group is 
eager to expand its repertoire 
by existing boundaries. The show, 
as expected, was undeniably a 
visual delight. It also presented 
changes in their format from their 
engagement at the La Paloma 
Theater in January. 

The Tubes' multi-faceted show 
has 'made them the new pride of 
San Francisco. Their brand of rock 
theater features lead vocalist Fee 
Waybill in a variety of sexually 
oriented skits. He is ably 
surrounded by the band, led by 
guitarist Sputnik Spooner, and the 
Tubes dance troupe. 

It appeared a logical move by the 
Tubes to introduce new material to 
prevent their performances from 
stagnating. The groups' traditional 
opening number "What Do You 
Want From Life" was dropped in 
favor of an instrumental opening 
followed by an abbreviated version 
of "Life." "Mondo Bondage," the 
sadomasochistic thriller replete 
with whips and leather outfits, was 
also rearranged and abbreviated. 

Perhaps the most successful of 
the new material was the story of 
Adam and Eve, done Tubes style 
with dancing serpents. 

Waybill 's imitation of Tom Jones 
singing "U's Not Unusual" was 
typically excellent. Featured in the 
number were the Tubes dancers 
and Waybill 's ever-moving pelvis. 

The Tubes, though, saved their 

mpletely Tubed 
best for last. In the show's closing choreographed dance routines. 
sequence Waybill become Quay Indeed, it is the dancers that 
Lewd, the English glitter rocker provide much of the visual ex-
decked out in a feather boa and 14- citement during the show. 
inch platform shoes. The band then If the Tubes are to continue to be 
raced through a torrid "Stand Up one of rock's innovative forces they 
And Shout" before the frenzied must sustain their productive 
finale "White Punks On Dope." capacities for new material. If the 

Improvement comes with ex- new material presented at 
perience, as evidenced by this Saturday night's concert is any 
most recent of Tubes per- indication of their creative ability, 
formances. The band appeared to they have. nothing to worry about. 
be playing tighter than ever, A second Tubes album, to be 
highlighted .by Spooner's tasty released in the near future, will 
guitar licks. The Tubes' dancers provide a further indication of 
continue to. excel with well- their abilities. 

We want you to take full advantage of your University 
and State Employees Credit Union . You'lI receive some 
of the lowest cost loans around and no Bank or Savings 
and Loan passbook savings account can match our in-
tended 53A% per annum- on regular savings. 
So, as an incentive, we've created the biggest and best 
Keepstakes ever. As Grand Prize a paid vacation cruise 
for two (or one grand in cash) will be given away at each 
of our four offices In addition to the second prizes. 
Get involved. You may win a completely paid B-day va-
cation cruise for two to your choice of the Caribbean 
(including airfare to and from Miami), Hawaii or Mexico! 
Second prizes will also be awarded in ~ach U.S.E. 
Credit Union office ... a portable television or $100 
cash! Anyone can win . So, enter now. 
·C.hlo,n" I . ... P'O' \lblh tltd'i I." •• """,IS 'rI 'e"'elt''' (I,,,,."end 
"n,ons from dec I." ... , ,,,.', (J""",.nd T"'. -,nl."ded ".""de"d' end 
prlO' 10 ,.,. end 0 1 '''' •• d ,,,,nl.Ad . CIIIAI d,""de"'" Jot.",e . t ... ." be.n 
" ... Od 'n 1%' the U S [ Coed 1 Itl. ",me 
Un,on .. dopl" Ih~ p'eC1.ce 01 

MANY WAYS TO WIN: 
Visit your nearest University and State Employees G.redit Union 
office. You will receive FREE one or more contest ticket stubs. 
The remaining portion of the ticket will be dropped in the ticket 
barrel in your name for later .drawing. Ticket dispersal is as fol-
lows: 
JOIN 
Join as a new member 
Bring in a new member 

. 2 FREE TICKETS 
2 FREE TICKETS 

BORROW (For any new or refinanced loan) 
Up to S1 00 advanced on loan 1 FREE TICKET 
For every S1 00 advanced on loan thereafter . 1 FREE TICKET 
SAVE Any new savings deposited: 
More than SO - but less than S100 1 FREE :TlCKET 
S1 00 or more-but less than $200 2 FREE TICKETS 

(add one free ticket for every multiple of $100) 
INCREASE PAYROLL 
DEDUCTIONS TO SAVINGS 
More than $O-Iess than $100 1 FREE TICKET 

(add,one free ticket for every multiple of $100) , 
Get a FREE ticket just for coming Into a U.S.E. Credit Union of-
fice asking for one 1 FREE TICKET 
We can take care of transferring some or all of your funds from 
your Bank or Savings and Loan for you. $imp'ly send or bring us 
your passbook. We will supply you with the necessary transfer 
draft. To refinance a loan just see us. 
This contest ends on May 26. 1976. The drawing will be held the 
following day on May 27, 12:45 pm at each credit union office. 
Limit of one prize per person and winners need not be present. 
U.S.E. Credit Union officials. staff and their immediate families 
are not eligible. Good luck! 

UNIVERSllY & STATE EMPLOYEES 
CREDIT UNION SPRING !NTER NOW AT 

·USeD 
Gilman at Russell 
Matthews Campus 

La Joll. , Calif. 
(714) 453-5620 KEEPSTAKES! 

Ther. will be .pp,o.,,,,lIely 0 000 to 60 000 t,ckell, sued and 8 PrlZ., to be won 


