
Counselor to 
Create 
Communities 

by Alan Russell 
Staff Writer 

"Today in our mobile society 
there are many lonely people j 
glimpsing into the futurej it is 
()bvious that this trend will con-
tinue and even expand. The facts 
tell us that we are probably going 
to have to create intentional 
'communities-or be sorely lacking 
in interpersonal commWlication," 
says Dr. Sharon Young, UC San 
Diego Counseling Psychologist. 

Young is interested in forming 
intentional communities on the 
UCSD campus because she has 
been involved personally in such 
groups for ov r a year and found 
them to be l>eneficial in many 
ways. 

"No one really knew me outside 
of my professional acquain-
tances," she said. "The com-
munity I am involved with has 
helped me to meet friends, share 
experiences, and generally relax." 

Believing that all students, 
especially those who commute, can 
benefit from an intentional com-
munity, Young cited its practical 
aspects in reducing stress and 
isolation. She said that by listening 
and talking with others, personal 
worries often become smaller and 
less pronounced. 

Spill Your Gut 

Each community will consist of 
about 11 people, and will not be the 
so-called "spill your gut sessions." 
Rather, each group will basically 
decide on its own format, giving 
individuals the chance to show 
" their strengths as well as 
weaknesses. " 

The community will be meeting 
three hours a week for a minimum 
of eight weeks, at which time the 
group would decide on whether or 
not to continue gathering together. 
Couples or friends may request to 
be in the same community, but 
Young pointed out that the groups 
were des: :!ned for one to meet new 
people, and that many of us miss 
meeting or knowing such persons 
by "self-selecting our friends." 

Anyone interested in receiving 
information or joining ·an in-
tentional community is urged to 
see Bobbie Gray in the Muir 
Dean's Office by 5 pm on Wed-
nesday, January 21. Notification 
for your group's first meeting will 
come shortly thereafter. 

Stavrianos: 
by Cooley Major 

StaHWrtter 

Boy meets Dog during the historic week just passed 
which saw temperatures reach new highs while winter 
quarter class attendence hit new lows . (TT photo : 
Nathan Meyers) 

UCSD Students Participate 
In Forum on Presidency 

Eight uc San Diego students 
participated in the first Western 
Regional Symposium on the 
Presidency entitled "The 
American Presidency: 200 Years 
Later," held Jan. 9-11 at UC Irvine. 

The three day program was 
designed to engage those there " in 
a lively discussion with public 
leaders, writers, and scholars of 
national reknown." 

Speakers included Congressman' 
John Anderson (R-Illinois), 
George Gallup, journalist Grant 
Dillman, educator George E . 
Reedy, and Sen. Hubert H. 
Humphrey (D-Minn.). 

The UCSD students who attended 
the symposium were Lloyd 
Thacker, Ann Ellen, Bruce Mat-
zner, Joann Rivers, Felipe 
Zatarain, Greg Smith, Mark 
Tynan, and Avril Silver. These 
students. chosen by the four 
college deans, took part in all day 
panel discussions with the 
speakers, informal " rump ' 

Changes in Third World 

sessions," luncheons, and 
'Jelaborate" dinners. 

Lloyd Thacker said that the 
symposium was "a very good 
learning experience, but it could 
have been greatly enhanced." 
Thacker left that the whole idea 
behind the program was to 
" promote understanding of issues 
dealing with the President and to 
re-affirm the beliefs in that in-
stitution. " 

No Real Questioning 
The problem in the sessions was 

a lack of " anti-establishment" 
speakers. Thacker stated that 
" there was no real questioning of 
the Presidential structure," that 
the various points of view ex-
pressed by the speakers were ones 
that accepted the system and did 
not call for any real changes. 

Felipe Zatarain found the 
program " interesting," but was 
unsure of the true nature of it. He 
stated that the original purpose 

Continued 00 Page 7 

New Book, PO'pular Class 
prehensive and integrated analysis of the historical 
evolution of the third world during the half millenium 

, "The ~hird world is changing from a pawn on the 
mternatlOnal chessboard to an incrf'aslngly in-
dependent and powerful force," says S. L. Stavrianos 
Northwestern University history professor emerit~ 
and an adjunct professor at UC San Diego. 

Stavrianos has recently finished a study of con-
1 mporary third world developments, "The Promise 
Of The Coming Dark Age." Completed since the 
author came to UCSD, the book will be published this 
,'pring by W.H. Freeman. (Exerpts from the work 
appeared in the Sept. issue of " The Nation.") 

ince its emergence in the 15th century." In the fall 
quarter, Stavrianos began teaching a third world 
studies course he hopes will make students aware of 
the profound consequences of third world develo~ 
ment on the world during the last quarter of this 
century. 

tavri~nos believes students can only get a proper 
per pectlve on the third world through a "com-

The first part of a history of the third world taught 
by Stavrianos last quarter examined the third world 
as a global system in the 19th century. The second 
and concluding parts of the course will focus on the 
beginnings of third world resistance to the cir-
cumstances now faced by the countries. 

CoaUuued oa P .. e 7 

.... _"'It . ..,. 

SBPC Upset Over Brown's 
New UC Budget 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

Whether or not the state will 
comeup with more money for UC 
overenrollment will be a major 
bone of contention between the 
governor and the UC Regents if the 
Student Body President's Council 

Angolan War 
Subject of 
Third Teach-In 

uc San Diego will be the site for 
the country's first " teach-in" on 
the current strife in Angola tom-
morrow evening at Third College. 

According to David Laitin, 
assistant professor of political 
science, the symposium is " to 
raise the level of public debate so 
that whether or not America 
commits itself in Angola becomes 
the result of public understanding 
and public knowledge. " 

Laitin further states that "two 
issues are involved for America 
foreign policy ... whether or not 
America should support military 
intervention in the domestic affairs 
il'! Angola and whether or not we 
should counter a 'new imperialism' 
of the Soviet Union. " 

Two leading scholars on Angola 
will take the position that the US 
should not support the National 
Front and National Union, John 
Marcum, provost of Merril 
College, at UC Santa Cruz, author 
of " Angolan Revolution" and 
Gerald Bender. 

One of 'two Department of State 
Angola experts will argue for a US 
role in countering the Popular 
Movement for the Liberation of 
Angola, (MPLA ). The experts will 
be Edward Fugit, Angola desk 
officer at the state department's 
bureau of African Affairs, and 
fonner political officer in the 
American consulate in Angola and 
Thomas Killoran, who, until 
November, was consul-general to 
Angola. 

In addition to the teach-in, there 
will be a luncheon briefing for an 
invited audience of local university 
professors with an interest in the 
future of US relations with Angola 
and a press briefing January 20 at 
10:30 am. 

The " teach-in" , sponsored by the 
UCSD Political Science depart-
ment and Third College, will be 
held from 7-11 pm in the new Third 
College Lecture Hall. 

has its say. 
Irma Munoz, undergraduate 

representitive to the SBPC from 
UC San Diego, said that Gov. 
Brown's State of the State address 
and his subsequent budget 
proposal for 1976-1977, occupied a 
lion's share of discussion and 
debate at the meeting of the SBPC 
at UC Davis on Friday. 

According to Munoz, though the 
SBPC was pleased with some of 
Brown's proposals, most of the 
representatives were especially 
anxious about the governor's 
failure to provide monies for the 
3000 students whose enrollment has 
exceeded UC's estimate for the 
present year. 

For every student in the 
enrollment projections, the state 
provides monies for faculty and 
teaching assistants. 

MWloz said the SBPC is also 
dissapointed that Brown did not 
provide money for Financial Aid 
administration in the Student 
Affairs Office, provided no support 
for extended university programs 
and made no improvement in the 
StudentiTA ratio and - the 
studentlfaculty ratio. 

The SBPC was encourged , 
however, by the governor's in-
crease for Health Sciences 
programs, affirmative action 
programs , and improved in-
struction. 

According to MWloz, the SBPC 
prepared for the upcoming 
Regents meeting to be held this 
week. 

Testimony will be given opposing 
a regental report that will call for a 
tightening of admissions stan-
dards. Munoz said the report 
claims that UC no longer accepts 
only the top 12lh% but rather ac-
cepts the top 20%. The SBPC, 
according to Munoz, wants to 
reexamine the priorities on who 
should be admitted to the 
University. 

The Regents will also hear 
testimony from the SBPC this 
Thursday and Friday on the 
Educational Opportunity 
Program, UC investments, and 
Affirmative action guideline of 
HEW's Title IX. 

Before the Regents meeting, the 
SBPC will meet with Student 
Regent Carol Mock to discuss 
possible strategies for bringing 
regental meetings back on in-
dividual campuses. This year the 
Regents have met on several of the 
ca mpuses. At the November 
meeting at Irvine the Regents 
decided to curtail the program 
because it was claimed there was 
little or no student interest. 



I 

Crall Uchida \ 
Opinion editor I 

Mark Weelber 
Ma_,.., editor 

Mark S&adIer 
New. editor 

Jamee G. 8et8. 
Cltyedlw ' 

SanJ.Lowea· 
Commuity ecUtor 

The Jriton Ti mes is recognized 0$ the officiol student newspaper by 
the Communications Board of UCSO. Unsigned editoriols represent 
the views of the major ity of the editorial board (above ). and not the 
views of the University , the Communicat ions Board or the student 
botly . . 

Black Day for Black's 
The swimsuits-opUoll81 status of Black's Beach will face sUff opposlUon 

at a meetiDg of the San Diego City COUJICD Wedaesday. [The Triton 
Times, In its edlUon of the same day, will provide a complete preview aod 
scorecard.] 

The groundwork bas already been laid for a decision to close Black's to 
DUde sUDbathen for tbe flnt time sloce the beach's status was granted by 
tbe coUDcD iD 117t. The COUDty Board of Supervison bas adapted a 
striageDt ordIDaace prohibiting nudity 011 beaches UDder Its jurisdiction 
and failed to flad a slogle beach to be excepted from the ordiDance. And 
the state of Callforaia bas refused to aUow Dudlty on Its beach area north 
of Btack's. Tbe city bad asked tbe .tate to take on tbe respolllllbUity for 
the beach, because It says It can't afford an estimated $I million for 
sanitary facUlties aad environmental safeguards for the sDrrouadlog 
area. 

Now, city manager Hugh McKinley has recommended that Black's be 
clOled. 

WhUe we agree the $1 million figure is probibitive - and there b no 
denying tbe aeed for facUlties, nor the harm to the ecology of the canyon 
above the beach - we mourn the probable end of a unique feature of San 
Diego county: wbat was, In 1974, the flnt legal nude beach ID the United 
State •. 

The action of the council two years ago seemed to be a message that 
San Diego was wiWog to lead the way In a movement toward provldlog 
the opportunity for nude sunbathing ID a secluded setting, and toward 
helping eod societal stigmas about nudity 10 the open. It was an action 
that brought, a10ag wltb some regretable notoriety and media overkill, a 
uniqueness to the city we bad hoped it might learn to cherish. 

The vote will be close, with Councilmen Hubbard [who, in his recent 
campaign agalDst Mayor Wilson, made Black's a potent political issue], 
Martinet and Ellis firmly opposed and members O'Conner, WUliams and 
Morrow favoring the nude status. The man who represents the area that 
includes Black's - Gil Johnson -Is uncommitted. 

However, Mayor WD~on, who has always supported the nude status of 
the bea ch, Is leaning to the opposition, according to a local gossip 
columnist. Johnson's vote, then, is the deciding one. 

The attention of those favoring nudity on local beaches has been almost 
nil since the sunny season ended, especially at recent meetings in North 
County concerning beaches there. Perhaps if those who want the s tatus 
quo a t Black's a re numerous and vocal enough in their support at 
Wednesday's meeting, the council may be persuaded to continue the nude 
status. 

Saxon Deserves Credit 
For some people on campus, UC President Saxon has finally done 

something right. 
Last week UC officials announced that Saxon had decided not to raise 

the $100 per quarter student registration fee. 
Although no official statement has been released, it can be speculated 

that Saxon listened to the Council of Chancellors, as we ll as the Student 
Body President' s Council and the student reg fee committees of the UC s, 
before making his decision. All these groups opposed an increase . 

The most impressive aspect of this action is the indication that the 
President is becoming aware of some of the needs of students, or at least 
of what students don't need. Like an IDcrease in reg fees. 

After his disastrous UC San Diego encounter, most of his credibility 
with regard to student affairs was lost. Perhaps this is a step away from 
what appeared to be extensive ignorance. 

UCSD is Hopping. .. 
For those who in the past have equated UC San Diego with an In-

tellectual wasteland, apologies are In order. 
This year has been a productive and stimulating one for those In-

terested in debates, fo rums and " teach-Ins." We have already seen such 
notables as Dick Grego~ and Rusty Rhodes on campus, as well as some 
candidates for political office. In the coming months we can expect to see 
even more candidate~ ply their wares. Also, we hope other outstandlDg 
lectures will be presented. 

This week will be an especially active one. 
Tomorrow night will mark the first national "teach-In" on the subject 

of United States involvement in the Angola civil war. The political . 
science department and Third College are to be congratulated for 
arranging what looks to be a stimulating, informative, and, perhaps most 
importantly, well-balanced program. 

For those interested in spiritual affairs, the Campus Crusade for Christ 
has organiu'd 8 week long forum on the historical evidence concerning 
the life of J (SUS Christ. The speaker, Dr. Harold Hoehner, will be on the 
same podiulD Is UCSD professors discussing religious issues in an ob-
ject ive manner. .. 

The Youn/( Socialist's Allia nce will sponsor a talk Thursday evening by 
Evelyn Sell 'ln the FBI and some ur /15 recelltly expo~ed activities. 

For the lTar~-core, there does exis t. of course, the everpresent op-
portunity t" a ttend classes. The decline of the good weather may be 
expected to increasc class attendance considerably. 

.. . So Are Pedistrians 
One often must risk terrible pain and suffc ring - even deaU. - on 

campus paths. 
Why? 
U's the Grand Prix de UC San Diego. Those littlc three wheeled carts -

driven by maintenancc workers, deUvery peoplc and occasiona lly by lazy 
employees and students - that often approa h blood- urdling speeds on 
paths that, usually, aren't "lg nough for both cart and huma n. 

Guess who win '. 
Let 's slow down, huh? We'd prefer that to having to advocate hiring 

traffic cop and illStaliing tram· lights. Mo ,t of us du, aft r all, have to 
walk. 

Mooday, JaDuary 11, 11'71 

Letters to the Editor 

-Angolan Policy Subject of Teach-In 
Angola : is it a quagmire which 

will slowly but inevitably suck in 
the American body politic? Or is it 
a testing ground of America's will 
and purpose 8S a world leader in 
the post-Vietnam era? The 
problem is , of course, that 
quagmires often look like testing 
grounds until that first fateful step 
is taken. 

Supporting the Administration 
position will be either Tom 
Killoran, the former Consul-
General in Angola or Ed Fugit, the 
State Department Angolan desk 
officer. As well, L.H. Gann, a 
scholar on African colonialism who 
is knowledgeable about Soviet 
politics will also support the idea of 
a limited American military in-
volvement. 

We as citizens have a respon-
sibility to partiCipate in the 
national debate about America's 
future role in foreign affairs. I 
expect that those who attend 
tomorrow's session will be able to 
do so more intelligently. 

DAVID LAITIN 
ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF 

POLITICAL SCIENCE It is, it seems to me, incumbent 
on us as citizens of this country to 
examine the Angolan turf with 
some care before we exert our 
rights to participate in the political 
process. This is the time to teach 
ourselves about Angola , and the 
meaning of the conflict there, so 
that we can become more effective 
advocates for the positions we 

·Hughes' Awareness of History 
Department Questioned 

take. 
Tomorrow evening we at UCSD . 

have an unusual opportunity to 
learn about the Angolan conflict, 
and I urge all students and faculty 
to attend the Teach-In at 7 pm in 
Room 107, Third College Lecture 

Professor H. Stewart Hughes may be living a " liberated" life on his 
own time, but if, as was reported (TT, Jan. 14), he believes " UCSD is 
more advanced in equal treatment of women than most universities, he 
should take the time t.o become acquainted with the history of sexism 
within his own department. 

Hall. 
The issue is far more complex 

than one which distinguishes 
" leftists" from " rightists;" or 
even " doves" from "hawks." 

When two women - Barbara Shapiro and Judith Hughes - were, as 
some have put It, "shoved down the throats" ofthe history department on 
the coattails of their more eminent husbands, the oaIy woman in the 
department who publlcally believed, as Stewart Hughes says he does, 
that " the most important revolution in progress is the women's liberation 
movement," the ooly woman in the department who taught women's 
history, was (no doubt in retaliation) denied renewal of her contract and 
sent packing. There is a lot more to the story than that, of course, and it is 
all pu blic record. 

On the one side, it has been 
argued that a battle within the 
Soviet Union rages between the 
military and the civilians. The 

No doubt Stewart Hughes' absence during that discussion, if not self-
interest, explains his lack of awareness of the dismal situation of the 
history department in this regard. 

military, it is believed, is strongly RICHARD ASTLE 
committed to an activist - im-
perialist, if you will - foreign 
policy. The military seems to be 
winning this struggle, especially 
with Brezhnev critically ill and 
unable to restrain his military 
activists. Only America, it is 
a rgued , by putting counte r-
pressure on the Soviets in Angola, 
can act to restrain Soviet im-
perialism in Africa , and the Soviet 
milita ry in the Soviet Union. 

Peckinpah's 'Killer Elite' 
Deemed Not Elite 

[ have two corrections to make 
concerning Steve Esmedina 's 
review of "The Killer Elite" (TI, 
Jan.9 ). 

First , in the scene in downtown 
San Francisco, where the massive 
machine gun-machine pistol b.attle Supporters of th is view include 

" radical " huma nist Kenneth 
Kaunda leader of Zambia and occurred, there was someone 
author ~f the "Lusaka Doct;ine," I ki lled; ~n olde~ . Chinese man. I 
the widely hera lded s tatement of not~ this sJilfciflcally, b~ause he 
the African position in regard to IS, 10 real life, .James WI~g Woo, 
white rule in Southern Africa; head of .the C hinese Martial. Ar~ 
Joseph Mobutu, military leader of AsSOCiation 10 Holl~wood . I hve. m 
" conservative," capitalist Zaire; that a rea and t ramed under him 
Henry Kissinger , Am erica n bnefly. . , 
Secretary of State; the South Second, the warnors I~ t~ grey 
Africans; and the Chinese as well. an~ black cloak~ OUtfits 10 the 

On the other side, it is argued ships were not Chmese. They were 
that all America could possibly do ~a p~ ne~~ and . a.re know~ as 
in Angola is to raise the level of ",lnlas. The ~mlas were ~ghly 
violence. First, it is argued, the skilled assassins of medIeval 
MPLA is too strong to be beaten, Jap,an, w~~ became legendary for 
even with American support. ~~elr . ~blhtr. to become alm?St 
Second, even if the Soviet im- Inv~sl~le .. When 10-
perialist exercise is a success, the dustnabzatlon encroached . on 
Sovets will soon learn that it is well Japan.' they ~~ded for the. hills . 
nigh impossible to control a To thIS day, It IS ?nly ~nlecture 
country so far away, and so sen- whether ~hey still eXist, but 
sitive to any attempt at control by rece~tly It has been deem~d 
a racially different group. The fashi~nable to portray them In 
only way the Soviets will learn the martl~1 arts paper~,acks , 
costs of imperialism in Africa is to magazmes and the TV show Kung 
pay them. F~:" when i.t was ~i?,g. 

Supporters of the view that The KIller Elite was so 
Amer ica should have no military 
role in the Angola dispute include Error 
" radical" Sekoe Toure of socialist 
Guinea ; Brigadier Mohammed, 
military leader of capitalis t 
Nigeria ; and, a (bare) majority of 
the Organization of African Unity . 

These issues will be debated at 
length in tomorrow's teach-in . 
Two of the leading opponents of 
American involvement in the 
Angolan war, John Marcum and 
Gerald Bender , will speak. 

There is a minor factual error in 
your article (TT, Jan. 14) on the 
Graduate Student Council. The 
current TA training program has 
been supported by the GSC for 
severa l years now, but Dr. John 
Andrews deserves the credit for 
implementing it. 

MIKEELCAN 
CHAIRMAN, GSC 

Plaz-a Ping Pong Sought 
The init ial thought being brought 

on by the great weather these past 
few days seems to have some 
appeal when considered seriously. 
Adding ping pong ta bles outdoors 
where it receives it's greatest 
enjoyment, makes sense. 

The tables would have to be of 
sturdy construction, probably 
custom made, not commercial 
si nce the commercial jobs are 
generally or the variety us -once-
and-throw-away. 

Therefore, if som group with 
funds available should think this a 

good idea , then what I propose is to 
have the funding group come up 
with a good design ('over designed' 
as some call it , for st rength and 
weathering) and pay some 
stude nts to build one . As f{lr 
equipment, paddles and nets could 
pr obably be arranged to be 
checked out at the Ie Cream 
Hustler or such similarly nea rby 
location a.mi the balls purchased at 
cost by the uscr. 

FRANK BARTELS 

mediocre , it was hardly worth 
reviewing. Peckinpah has indeed 
gone downhill. At one time, his 
standards were high. He made 
s uch excellent movies as "The 
Wild Bunch," and "Straw Dogs." 
But recently there was " Bring Me 
the Head of AUredo Garcia" 
(which was trash) and now this . 
One cringes when considering 
what he may bring out next. 

JOHN WAGNER 
THIRD COLLEGE 

Victim Regrets 
Gaining New 
Status 

Thursday, Jan. 15, I became a 
statistic. I have a dance class in 
MC 409 and I left my purse in the 
change room. When I came back, 
my wallet was gone. 

There were six dollars plus 
change in it. I mind losing the 
money but it is a small price to pay 
for the lesson I learned. I shall 
never leave my valuables unat-
tended again. 

Still, I was lucky, comparatively. 
I keep my checks in a hidden 

compartment so they were not 
found. I don't have any credit 
cards . My keys were in a side 
Pocket and fortunately I had left 
my watch and rings on. 

So in terms of valuables, I lost 
very little. What bothers me is that 
all my pictures were in that wallet, 
along with some ticket stubs and 
other sentimental things. Those 
can never be replaced and really 
have no monetary value. . 

I am asking Uwt my pictures and 
memorabilia be returned. My P 0 
Box number is 4540. Also , people 
please keep in mind that you cou ld 
become a s tatistic. Put your pic-
tures anyplace but in your wallet 
and make sure you keep an eye on 
that too. 

I have to go now and get a new 
student ID and a new driver's 
license but I reaUy want my ptC-
tures back . 

KATHY MCMILlEN 

Moaday, JaDuary 19, 11'76 

Politics: James G. 50to 

Hooray for Hollywood 
Hooray for Hollywood ! 
Only Irving Thalberg or David O. Se\znick could create such a spec-

tacle. Never before have so many gre{lts been assembled before the 
public's eyes. 

Titled "Political Follies of 1976," this years laff-riot is sure to garner 
the lion's share of awards. 

Casting calls have already gone out and the response has been over-
whelming. With over 11 Democrats, two Republicans, and a host of 
potential independents already under contract, " Political Follies of 1976" 
promises to exceed even the wildest dreams of Hollywood's his toric 
moguls. 

Reynaldo Dunkinn, publicity director for the film, was in town recently 
to talk about the cinematic epic. Dunkinn has been the publicity director 
on such cIas.<;ic films lIS " It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World," "Shangri-
la," and ·Willard." However, he says this film tops them all. 

According to Dunkinn, the screenplay was written by four or five of 
Hollywood's top drug-crazed hacks. " The real difficulty with writing the 
screenplay to " Follies" was in making it a plausible work," said 
Reynaldo. 

Reynaldo briefly related the story to the Triton Times editorial board at 
its weekly meeting held at the exclusive ".Opiwn Den" club. 

" The story begins in January of 1976 in Washington DC as the nation 
begins its bicentennial celebration," said Dunkinn. 

" Basically it is the story of men obsessed with their own ambition, " 
related Reynaldo. " Most of the men have secure and challenging jobs in 
such places as Capitol Hill. However, most of them find that the grass is 
always greener at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Rather than try to solve 
the problems of the nation in the Congress or in the Statehouses, they feel 
that a new approach must be used. So they run for president," said 
Dunkinn. 

" For example," continued Reynaldo. "Henry Jackson who has been in 
the Congress longer than most people in this country have been living, 
decides that the only way the country can be saved is if he is president. " 

"George Wallace, the governor of one of the poorer and least promising 
of the states, is driven bY the desire to solve the vast problems of 
Alabama from the White HO\l5e," said Dunkinn. 

" In Washington DC, the candidates gather in January to make 
speeches and to collect federal dou'gh," said Dunkinn. 

" Here is where the film will be unique when compared to other political 
films ," claimed Reynaldo. "The film is a musical and we have assem-
bled some of the great songs of all time," he continued. .-

•• After the title song during the credits (a composition written by Alice 
Cooper and Cole Porter) our first song and dance nwnber will be " We're 
in the Money" sung by Terry Sanford and a chorus made up of all the 
candidates," said Dunkinn. "The nwnber takes place in the Treasury 
building in Washington as the candidates loot the federal vaults for 
enough dough to fuel their campaigns. The number was inspired by the 
new campaign spending law which now funds candidates' efforts." 

" Our goal is to have every candidllte do at least one number," said 
Dunkinn, " but that is becoming increasingly difficult as more and more 
people become candidates. " 

Dunkinn said that one of the most pressing problems in making the 
movie will be to figure out how many candidates there will be. He said 
the aImost weekly announcement of a new candidate has made the 
problems of the casting department very difficult. 

However, despite the story of men trying to gain the presidency, one 
must wonder if there is much interest in such a scenario. Dunkinn wove a 
great tale for us at the Triton Times and certainly revealed a great 
production that should be enough ; to keep even the most cynical of movie 
critics satisfied, but is there enough interest? 

I talked to one owner of a chain of theaters, who asked to remain 
nameless,and he said he doubted if he or any other of the big exhibitors 
would dish out any money for the privilege of showing the film. 

Another owner Ivan McGreede said, " The public wants a plausible 
disaster film. They want reality, they don't want a story obviously 
dreamt up by some junkie from Times Square." 

The pres ident of the North American Theater Owners Benevolent 
Trade Association said , "The film might sell if they changed it into a 
kung-fu epic with Ronald Reagan leading the notorious GOP gang against 
the sly Year of the Donkey clique led by Birch Bayh or Mo Udall." 

McGreede late r said, " We want a film with real conflict ... the public 
will think that in the end, Hubert Humphrey is going to get it-so what is 
the sense of sitting through a picture you've already seen." 

However , when I talked to Dunkinn Reynaldo on the phone yesterday 
he said that the producers of the film have elected to take the film to New 
Hampshire for a trial run in late F ebruary to see what the public really 
wants. Reynaldo said, " By the time we get finished in Florida in March 
our casting problems will hopefully be solved and we can put this film 
back on the proper track." 

At any rate, " Political Follies of 1976" seems like a noble idea and we 
are all for giving it a trial run. 

W[D[L[b 
~~[X]©[L~~~[X] II LID 
©~fP©~ LFM~llLFy( 0 
contact 
L T RICK KOOKER 
Officer Programs Office Navy Recruiting District 
Naval Training Center, Bldg. 335 San Diego, 
CA 92133 (n4) 293-6444 (collect) 
Application deadline -
Apr. 16/ 1976 

• rl.oll .1 11M'S Page three 
Murphy Hopes to Rebuild C€SC 

Group Would Review Student Misconduct Cases 
by Mark Stadler 

News Edltor 
Vice-chancellor and Dean of 

Student Affairs George Murphy is 
once again t rying to form the 
Campus-Wide Committee on 
student Conduct (CCSC), which 
would sit in judgement of UC San 
Diego students who choose to have 
closed, non-adversarial hearings 
when charged with violations of 
university regulations. 

Campus regulations require the 
existence of such a committee but 
there has not been a CCSC since 
1971. Before that year CCSC dated 
back to UCSO's first year, 1964. 

the panel's formation \lad 
nothing to do with the hearings 
scheduled for eight students 

charged in connection with the 
Nov. 25 Saxon visit, Murphy said. 

Those hearings, set for Jan. 29 
and 30, are open and will be held 
before a hearing officer , UCSD 
phys ics pr ofessor Robert 
Lugannani. 

Minimum of Six 
The committee will be compos'ed 

of no less than three faculty and 
three students, Murphy said last 
Friday. The Academic Senate's 
Committee on Committees has 
already submitted a list of names 
for the faculty members. 

Murphy has a sked for at least 
two nominees from each c ollege 
council, but no council has yet 
replied. The Dean sent out his 
request for nominees J an. 6 and did 

The Tri ton Times Is recognized by the Communications Board 01 UCSD as the ofllclal 
student newspaper. Publlcallon Is on Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays duri ng the 
regular school year (except on official holidays). Edhorlal and business offices are 
located In t17 Blalce Hall on the Revelle College campus . Unl.ers lty 01 Californ ia, San 
Diego. 

Lellers to the Editor and opinion columns are welcomed . All subml~lon s should be 
typed on a 14·space line on nonerasable papar. They should not exceed three pages In 
length double· spaced. The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because 
01 space limitations or style requirements . 

For editorial . call 452·3466; lor business and display advertisements. call 452·3468. 
Entire contents copyright 1976. Triton Times. 

Third College Reporter 

Many Activiti~ Planned 
by BrIaD Da vis 

StaHWrlter 
Third College has scheduled a 

wide and diverse set of events fot: 
the next two weeks. 

from Third to volunteer to give 
campus tours to high school 
students. In addition, each Third 
College student is encouraged to 
recruit one person of color to 
Third. The recruitment and 
Admissions Committee is housed 
in Room 9, MC 412. 

not set a due date, asking only that 
the names be in "as quickly as 
possible. " 

The last time CCSC met was in 
the Spring quarter of 1971 , Murphy 
related. At t he time it was hearing, 
in open session, a case dealing with 
building occupations and, he said, 
" It came apart at the seams," with 
several resignations from the 
committee. 

After that experience campus 
regula tions were changed to 
provide for a hearing officer for 

. ope{l hearings, leaving CCSC to 
deal with closed hea rings. 

Since then Murphy has been 
unable to find faculty members for 
the pane\. He speculated that the 
1971 experience was so traumatic 
no one wanted to serve, but that 
now enough time may have 
passed so that faculty members . 
are now more willing to par-
t icipate. 

Erratum 
In a Jan. 12 article concerning 

Gov. Brown's State of the Sta te 
address, the Triton Ti mes 
reported that Brown's plan for 
salary increases "Is once agalo 
being r esisted by state employee 
groups." 

A spokes person for the 
American Federa tion of State, 
County and Municipal employees 
said her group has not opposed 
tbeplan. 

The Triton Times regrets this 
error. 

Chicano culture as it is ex-
pressed through art is the subject 
of Arte Picante, which is con-
tinuing through the end 'of the 
month at the Mandeville Art · rr=;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;==:=;:;;:~:;=:;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;.., 
Gallery. The exhibit, which has , LSAT 
received favorable reviews in the 
local media , reflects current 
trends in Chicano art and contains 
works by artists from the Spanish 
borderlands. 

course beginning soon 
for those who wont 10 beNer scores 

For Info Call 222-6585 
Third College and the UCSD '. ~~~~~~=~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Gospel Choir, under the direction 
of Cecil Lytle, combine forces 
with the choir of St. Stephen's 
Church in Christ in paying tribute 
to slain civil rights activist Dr. 
Ma rtin Luther King Jr. The 

BEER 
SPAGHETII PIZZA 

WINE 
RAVIOLI . program, to begin at 8 pm January 
~ 25 in the Mandeville Auditorium, is 

free a nd open to the public . MANICOTTI SALADS SANDWICHES VEAL 
The current situation in Angola 

will be the topic of a teach-in 
sponsored by Third College and the 
Political Science Department. The 
teach-in, to be held in CR 107, 
begins at 7 pm J anll'll ry 20. The 
central theme will be that of US 
involvement in Angola, and will 
feature opposing views of several 
professors. 

A main goal of Third College has 
been the recr ui tment of persons of 
color to the Univers ity. The 
Recruitment a nd Admi ssions 
Committee is seeking students 

Phone: 481-9888 
Italian Delicatessen & Restau rant 

1011 Camino del Mar. 
Del Mar, Ca. 92104 

NOW, FUll SCHOLA.RSHIP ASSISTANCE FOR 
YOUR JUNIOR AND SENIOR YEARS, PLUS A 
OfANCE TO BECOME A LEADER IN »IE 
NEW NAVY. 

HOURS 
5ot·5·12 pm 
Sun-5-11 pr 
Man-5· 11 

Tues·I I ·1 
Wed-11·1 

fuiLion , books and educational fees all included in this new 2-Yr. NROTC Scholarship program. Along with 
~100 a month to help you wi th your l iving expenses . And on top of that you have an opportunity to build a 
rewarding car r for yours If in the fast-growing management area . 

You must have at least a 2.5 CPA and be in good ph sical condition . 

If you can qualify for the demanding yet r warding nuclear field you can anticipate five years of m-
ploym nl a a r gular Navy officer . 

~or full d Lail on thi s n w 2-Yr. NROTC candidate program, phone or ee your 10 al Navy re clltter 

Be someone special in the Navy. 



.. 

\., 

\. 

Ie' 

of 
sci 

~­L 

......... IIIIl'8. Moaday, J....., II, IJ7t 

Special Offer, $lQOO Value: 
l1ree HP-21 Applications Book 
with the purchase of any HP-2LOfferexpires March 15, 1976. 

See your dealer for details. 
Offer void wherc prohibitcd by law regul.tion, or otherwise. Av.il.blc only ,,'ith the purch .. c of a new HP·21 before Morch 15, 1976. 

The second generation is here. 

Onc of our second ge ncration calculators can ~ avc you 
countl ess hours am} errors en route to your diploma and 
on the job thereafter. Each offers problem.solvin f! tech· 
nology you probably WOH 't find on competitive calculato rs. 

New low price. 
HP-21 Scientific, 
$100.00: 

The HP-J. I makes short work of the technical calcula-
tions even so-callcd "non-technical" course . require today. 
It performs mo t arithmetic, log and trig calculations auto-
matically. It's also the only calculator at its price that offe rs 
f u1l display formatting: you Gill choo e between Rxed 
decimal and scientifi c notation . 

H you need a calculator that does more than simple 
arithn ,etic, this is it-especially at its new low pri ce. 

New. 
HP-22 Business Management, 
$165.00: 

The 11P-J.J. takes the starch out of the calculations you 
face in business courses toda y, in management tomorrow. 
You can solve most time-value·of-money problems in sec-
onds. You can breeze through busi ness math calculations 
(logs, roots, %s, etc.) . And, most important, you can usc 
the HP-J.J.'s stati stical functions to build existing data into 
more reliable forecasts . No other pocket calcu lator at any 
price offers you a comparable com bination of financia l, 
math and stat capabilities. 

New. 
HP-25 Scientific Programmable, 

$195.00~' 
Our HP-J.5 docs everything our HP-J.I can do-and 

much, much more. It's progrill11lnable, which means it can 
solve automatically the countle~~ repetitive problems every 
science and en~ineering student filces . Wi th an IIP-J.5, you 
enter the keyst'rokes n~cessary to solve il repetitive problem 
only once. Thereafter, you j u~t en ter the \'ariab le~ <lilt! 

p re~~ the Runl top key for an a 1rl1o~t inqant ilnS\\ler di s-
played to 10 . di g it ~. You gain time, precision, nexihility . 

All three offer you ~ IP '~ efficient RPN logic )' te111 thilt 
cut~ keystroke~ ilnd erat h patl- All three Me easy to uc:e 
(e.g., the IIP·25 requirc" no prior rro~rill11 l1lin g experience). 

And all three arc a1rllo~t certainly on di~play at your 
book tore '* * 

HEWLETT~PACKARD 
Sille< .lnd ' l'r"icc from 17J offill:' ill (,e; tOlll1trjc, 

Dcrt (,'i:--E, IQ310 Prul1cridsc ,\"enul', upcrtino, (,\ q'iO I I 

·"U": '\ loll ,,'utI rf ,"r ," 'IIJtnL' "prIll",",',' ~1.l1(' I'nd 14.,,1 1;1 "t'" C"Mltr'lrnl:l1 U ~ i'I.l\~1t b I b ",.lU 
" I! n-I \JII '110 ~"" ;'J:~ (In (" !11 ..,., C"I' "~11) rur the "~".(' HI" ,1(,,lIN n('in )IJU ',I ' , II: 

• 1 

Mo .... y, J ••• ry I', 1". .rI .... il ... 'S · 
Newman's Flawless Evening of Bach 

by Damel Shawler 
Arts Editor 

Anthony Newman was in-
credible. Never before have I 
walked out of a concert with my 
notebook so empty of crltic~ms as 
it was Thursday night followmg his 
evening of Bach organ music at the 
Mandeville Auditoriwn. There was 
nothing to criticize. 

The concert began 15 minutes 
late after they accommodated the 
numerous people left without a 
seat in the overflow audience of 
850. Then Newman made his a~ 
pearance wearing a scroWlgy 
black business suit with pants legs 
that were too short and a white 

Concerts J 
turtle neck shirt. J am sure he had 
to wear that particular outfit after 
all the newspapers, posters and 
programs quoted Time magazine 
in proclaiming him "a turtle-
necked Baehian missionary." 

Newman acknowledged the 
applause, sat down at the organ, 
and with very little hesitation, 
launched into the Prelude and 
Fugue in A minor. It took a while 
for Newman to reach his form, but 
once he' did, there was no stopping 
him. 

The Newman that people went to 
see and hear was there : the 
unorthodox interpretations, the 
precision performance, the excess 
of ornamentation, and most of all, 
the fast tempo. Newman manages 
to play Bach faster than anyone 
else, without making the usual 
mistakes' that accompany such 
speed, and last Thursday was no 
exception. 

There was also a Newman few 
have heard. In addition to the big 
works for which he is famous, 
Newman performed three chorale 
preludes in a manner that stirred 
the emotions . Especially good was 
the opening of the second half of 
the program, "Nun komm, der 
Heiden Heiland. " 

TT photo : Nathan Meyers 

Foghat, J. Geils Star · 
In Burnout Bonanza 

by Timothy Mackenzie 
Staff Writer 

As I approached the Sports 
Arena I was dazed and confused. 
What the sea of mag wheels in the 
parking lot hinted at the marquee 
corifinned-the J. Geils Band and 
Foghat were in town. 

After Head East opened the 
concert with the best vocals of the 
evening, Foghat, the ~nglish ZZ 

Concerts 
Top, appeared. By then the 
visibility in the Sports Arena was 
noticeably poor, due in no small 
measure to the thousands of people 
endorsing the new marijuana law. 

After a previous tour with Rod 
Stewart and a pair of successful 
albums, Foghat appears to be on 
the verge of becoming a monster 
act. They opened their show with 
the title cut off their latest LP 
"Fool For The City," which is 
receiving near-saturation airplay 
on local radio. Other nwnbers 
included " My Babe" from the new 
album and several from their 
previous album, "Rock And Roll 
Outlaws." 

Foghat's best nwnber of the 
evening was "Slow Ride" from the 
new albwn. The number provided 
a showcase for Rod Price, 
Foghat's talented guitarist and 
included the band's longest jam of 
the night. Dave Peverett, decked 

out in his usual silver tennis shoes, 
carried the bulk of the vocal chores 
and even demonstrated some 
remedial guitar work. Drummer 
Roger Earl and bassist Nick 
Jameson need not have shown up: 
they were that noticeable but 
despite numerous vocal lapses, 
Foghat appeared to satisfy its 
sophisticated following. 

The J. Geils Band closed out the 
evening with a fine perfonnance 
consisting primarily of their old 
standards ("Looking For A Love," 
"Give It To Me," "House Party," 
"South Side Shuffle"). They also 
perfonned "Love Itis," the single 
off of their disappointing new 
album "Hotline." 

The "bad boys from Boston" 
were led by the guitar work of J . 
Geils and featured vocalist Peter 
Wolf and Magic Dick on har-
monica . Wolf continues to amaze 
audiences with his boundless 
energy and dancing skill. The 
show, very ~imple with no 
elaborate staging, was quite ef-
fective. 

One of the detriments in a three-
band concert is the seemingly 
interminab le waiting period 
between shows. After each act the 
audience was burned out and 
literally had to rekindle their in-
terest for the next act. Even the 
KGB chicken got fried . It is a 
tribute to the J . Geils Band that 
they were received with the 
amount of enthusiasm that they 
were. 

The Power of the Short Story 
MR. WRONG 

By Elizabeth Jane Howard 
Viking, $7.95, 223 pp. 

Pltgeflve 

For those few of us who still read stories, who do not believe the short 
story form is either inferior or dead, and who enjoy fictio~ that h~ a 
beginning, middle and end, this book is an unex.pected ~nd ~ehghtful g.Ut. 

Elizabeth Howard, who has already publIShed SIX highly a<irmred 
novels, demonstrates in "Mr. Wrong" (a collection of nine penetrating 
stories on diverse themes) both the durability and the expressiveness of 
the shorter fonn. The stories were written over a period of 25 years, and 
each one strikes just the chord she intended. 

My favorite, called "Child's Play," is a very brief evocation of one 
family 's fluid interrelationships, conscious and unconscious. In some 20-
odd pages Howard portrays a lifetime of one woman's attempt to sur-
mount the difficulties of loving several people, and the despair arising 
from their unrequited cruelty. It was extraordinary, she felt, how much 
of lif e consisted of having to displease somebody. 

This theme recurs in the collection. Several of the stories involve 
conflicts within families, especially parent-daughter relationships. Often 
the heroines are quiet, suffering types whose hwnan potential is severely 
restricted by the demands of those who ostensibly love them. 

There is something resembling Jan Austen in Howard's economical, 
sometimes ironic style, her attention to fonn, and her concern with 
everyday affairs as mirrors of larger concerns. 

And in two of the stories, "Mr. Wrong" and "Three Miles Up," she 
shows an interest in the surreal, or, more accurately, that point where the 
real becomes the surreal, for the stories are told with minute, concrete 
detail. 

In all of the stories, she writes about more than what first meets the 
eye, and her craft is appreciated all the more upon rereading. I hope that 
this volwne is the harbinger of more of her work in a demanding (and 
rewarding) genre. -JOHN BLOOM 

PRELUDE TO SCIENCE 
An Exploration of Magic and Divination 

By Richard Furnald Smith 
Scribner's,$7.95,129pp. 

Richard Smith's real aim is not to explore magic and divination, as his 
subtitle firmly proclaims, but rather to refute these arts as wryly and 
intelligently as possible. 

Smith, chemistry professor, quashes astrology mercilessly by pointing 
out that the astronomical configurations of 2,000 years ago (on which 
modern-day astrology is still based) have shifted so that today 's Scorpios 
are really Libras, Leos are Cancers and so on. 

Notwithstanding, today's astrologers proceed merrily on, ignoring this 
heavenly anomaly, turning out absurdly flexible horoscopes that seem to 
suit millions of anxious people. " In a society that denies ego support to 
most people, astrology provides it at a very low price," Smith says. And, 
" It may be that in skilled hands any horoscope works." 

While Smith is obviously writing for the layman, he is perhaps a bit too 
rudimentary in his explanations of the less familiar magic and divination 
systems-I Ching, Kabbalah and the Tarot cards. He leaves us with 
summaries of the complex construction of these arts, yet is miserly with 
examples of the actual fortunes they can tell. 

Ultimately, he doesn't seem to think these elaborate games do much 
hann. He concludes, in a generous moment, " If magical procedure can 
reduce anxiety enough to pennit effective action, it certainly has positive 
survival value." -MARY ELSON 

The night, however, belonged to 
the big organ works - four of them, 
to be precise. The Fantasy and 
Fugue in G minor ended the first 
half of the program to enthusiastic 
applause. The second half included 
both the Tocatta and Fugue in D 
minor and the great (as Newman 
called it) Passacaglia and Fugue 
C minor. These works were played 
at a faster tempo than I have ever 
heard done before, but it fit. 
Nothing was lost through 
Newman's choice of tempo, and . 
much was gained. It gave each 
work a new, virtuoso perspective 
reminiscent of the historical ac-
counts of Bach's own organ 
playing. 

Lllm~t's 'Dog Day' Gives a Tight Envelopment 
The encore perf?rmance was 

the Prelude and Fugue in D Major. 
The way Newman's feet danced 
across the pedals during the fugue 
provided a spectacular climax to 
an already outstanding per-
formance. 

Something must be said here 
about the instrument on which 
Newman performed. Unfor-
tunately, the music department 
does not have a pipe organ for 
musicians such as Newman, and 
he was forced to play on an elec-
tronic organ. The effect was not 
that bad. Although the large, full 
sou~d of a pipe organ was missing, 
the mstrwnent sounded electronic 
in only very few places. 
. The pedal response, in par-

ticular, was better than I had 
expected. The problems of making 
a speaker put out the low notes of 
the pedals was overcome with at 
least partial success, and the 
audience was allowed to ex-
perience the wall shaking effects of 
the pedals. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
The Femin ist Coolition of UCSD will 
hold on organl20tionol meeting 
this Wednesday at 4 pm In the 
Womens Center. 

by Steve Esmediaa 
Staff Writer 

In its emotional intensity, 
unrestrained physicality, and 
directorial dexterity, Sidney 
Lumet's "Dog Day Afternoon" is 
the most exciting American movie 
of 1975. Although it has been 
derided for its bias, it is definitely 
the best "New York" film since 
Martin Scorsese's dynamic "Mean 
Streets." 

"Dog Day Afternoon" comes as 
a complete surprise; not only 

Films 
because it is the creative property 
of an erratic movie maker like 
Lumet and a sometimes over-
bearing actor like Al Pacino, but 
because its brilliance lies in its 
tight, walled-in, involved en-
velopment rather than its tacked-
on developments. The film is an 
exemplary model of how a hopped-
up, adrenalin-pushed director can 
use a severly cramped space to 
fashion a very tense, nerve-
wracking, mobilized movie. 

The film's seeming thinness is 
the key element of its remarkable 
success. A single event the 
botched-up bank robbery becomes 
a fa ntastic three ring circus of 
incidents: a showdown between the 
two robbers, their hostages, the 

NYPD and the FBI; the instant 
melodrama exploited by the on-
lookers and the media; and the 
personal drama of the central 
character, the catalyst of the 
movie's events. 

By sticking detenninedly to one 
,character, "Dog Day Afternoon" 
has left itself wide open to charges 
of bias. ("What about the lives of 
the other people?") Usually such a 
criticism is self-defeating, because 
it blasts a work for not being what 
it "could have been" rather than 
dealing with it. In "One Flew Over 
The Cuckoo's Nest" the charge is 
valid because the film teases us 
with glimpses into the lives of the 
other characters. Similarly, in the 
previous Lumet-Pacino film , 
"Serpico," the theme, setting and 
implications were too pervasive 
and open to debate to allow the 
singular focus . 

In " Dog Day Afternoon ," 
though, it is appropriate that the 
scale of human drama be 
narrowed down to Sonny, the 
Pacino character . To do so 
otherwise would have resulted in a 
Iwnpy structure (like "Cuckoo's 
Nest"), since it is doubtful that 
two, three or more personal 
inquiries would have increased the 
resonance of this heated, 
eminently strategic movie. 

Besides, the ieonographi ca I 

quirks of the secondary characters 
are sharply detailed : John 
Cazale's stoic Catholicism ("the 
body is the temple of the Lord. 
You're just weak ."); Chris 
Sarandon's edgy, quake-ridden 
walk-on as Sonny's homosexual 
wife, Leon; Charles Durning's 
agitated, pushy, pressured cop; 
and the fluctuating flushes of 
anger, shock, and compassion of 
the bank employees. Only the 
manikin manner of James 

Brc-derick's' Fed impersolll' \ 
jars the emotional turbulence, 
not enough to upset the fib 
balance. 

All of these exquisite portra i' 
however rich and various they a 
sculpted, are eclipsed by Pacin 
spontaneous combustion r 
formance as Sonny. Pacino I 
always been limited as to hlc 
fectiveness . He has no gift 

Continued on Page 7 

Sidney Lumet's nevv film , " Dog Dey Afternoon ," 
s tarring AI Peclno , has a thinness that is the key 
element of its remarkable success . 



• rI.fll ••• nM'S Monday, January 11, 11'11 

/19-1/25 
• 
• 

Beginning with next week's WHA T'S ON, the deadline for all material ~ill 
be noon Thursday at the student center information desk. Please do not bring 
announcements to the Triton Times office -- 11'/1 just gu.m up the works. 

noo -~ - Worship, Chriitian R yer Meeti~ Lounge Conferenee Room 
St nt n 

\2 00, - - 'Nine Painters", Eshi'1tioo at the Student Art Gallery, 1st Floor 
nitJlsL ary. 

12 noon - Meeting - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
1:00 pm - Meeting - Chr'istian Prayer Meeting, Student Center Lounge Conference 

Room. 
2: 00 pm - Clinic - Alcohol Clinic, Revelle Counselors Office. 
3: 00 pm - Meeting - Woman's Soccer Club Practice, new members needed! 
3:00 pm - Meeting - Chancellors Advisory Committee on The Handicapped Disabled 

Student Center. 
3:00 pm - Meeting - Revelle Residence Hall Board Meeting, Blake Conference Room. 
4:00 pm - Meeting - Students For Tom Hayden, every one welcome, Game Room 

Conference Room Student Center. 
4: 00 pm - Meeting - Table Tennis, Recreation Conference Room. 
4: 30 pm - Meeting - Gymnastics , South Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - Clinic - Birth Control Clinic, Health Center. 
5:30 pm - Meeting - Science Fiction and Fantasy Club, Student Center Lounge Con-

ference Room. 
6: 00 pm - Meeting - Belly Dance, West Balcony, Ma in Gym. 
7:00 pm - Meeting - Fourth College Outing Club, Matthews Rec Center. 
7:00 pm - Meeting - Christian Science Organization, Blake Conference Room. 
7:45 pm - Meeting - Aikido Club, Wrestling Room. 
8:00 pm - Lecture - " J esus Of The Gospels And The Qumran Community," Revelle 

Cafeteria . . 
8:00 pm - Meeting - Fourth College Program Board, Matthews Rec. Center. 
8: 00 pm - Meeting - Israeli Dance, Recreation Conference Room. 
9:00 pm - Movie- " Hud", Muir Snack Ba r . 

1 :40~ Lee - " Data Distribution Using FI r Optics , Matthew McLandrick, 
B301.P~ uir. 

12 oon - 'Worship CIIristia n Prayer Meeting, Student Center Lounge Conference 
RoolIL 

12 noon - Art - " Nine Painters", Exhibition at the Student Art Gallery, 1st floor 
Humanities Library. 

12 noon - Concert- Sheils and Clark , Mui r Quad. 
12 noon - Meeting- Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
2:00 pm - Lecture - Qualitative Cross-Links of Collagen " normal &< pathological state". 

Dr. Gerald L. Mechsnic, VA Hospital Conference Room 5th floor - Rm. 5004. 
4:00 pm - Play - " The Summoning of Every Man", Mond and Gym s teps. 
4: 00 pm - Meeting - Disabled Students Union , Disabled Students Center. 
4: 00 pm - Meeting - UCSD Soc<;er Club Practice, Matthews Soccer Field. 
§ :3O.pm - Meeting - Gymnastics, South Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:00 pm - Sports - Intercollegiate Basketball , Muir vs. Fourth, Gym. 
6: 00 pm - Sports - Intercollegiate Basketball , Third vs. Revelle, Gym. 
6:00 pm - Meeting - Cheerleaders , Recreation Conference Room. 
6:00 pm - Meeting - P ep Band, Recreation Conference Room. 
7:00 pm - Meeting - CalPirg, North Conference Room Student Center. 
7: 00 pm - Meeting - Fourth College Forum, Matthews Rec. Center . 
7: 00 pm- Movie - " Fighting F or Our Lives", 2722 USB. 
7:00 pm - Meeting - Final or ientation meeting for Student Abroad Program , lnter-

nationa I Center. 
7:00 pm - Meeting - A.A.S.A., Formal Lounge Revelle. 
7: 00 pm - Workshop - Dance, Nort h Balcony. 

1'11010 Todd JOhnson 

, 

7: 30 pm - Meeting - Folk Dance, Recreation Conference Roo{J1. 
7:30 pm - Meeting - Muir College Council, Game Room Conference Room Student 

Center. 
8:00 pm - Leeture - " Jesus Of The Gospels Or The First Century Dis ortation" , Dr. 

Harold Hoehner, Revelle Cafeteria. 
9:00 pm - Workshop - Studies Motivating Workshop, Revelle Counselors Office. 

·1IIktm. .. MtedIIC s CamplII. 
n -M I -C 

1 ~ ,2 :00 m, 7 ; N~h onferenceRoom 
Stu<Wnt nter. 

12 noon - Art - 'Nine Painters" , Exhibition at the Student Art Gallery 1st floor 
Humanities Library. 

12 noon - Play - " The Summoning of Every Man", Gym steps. 
12 noon - Meeting - Graduate Woman's Group, Brown Bag Lunch Woman's Center. 
12 noon - Workshop - For students who are subject to dismissal, Revelle Counselors 

Office. 
12 noon - Movle- " Yo Soy Chicano" , Mandeville Aud. 
1:00 pm - Worship - Christian Prayer Meeting, Student Center Lounge Conference 

Room. ' 
2:30 pm - Clinic · For students seeking counseling or information about sexual con-

cerns. Health Center. 
4:00 pm - Meeting - Table Tennis, Recreation Conference Room. 
4: 00 pm - Poetry - John Hollander, Poetry Reading, Revelle Formal Lounge. 
4:00 pm - Meeting· Presidential Symposium Report , North Conference Room Student 

Center. 
4: 30 pm - Meeting - Gymnastics, South Ba Icony Ma in Gym. 
s: 00 pm - Meeting - Fitness Club, North Balcony, Ma in Gym. 
5: 00 pm - Clinic - Birth Control Clinic, Health Cente r. 
6:00pm - Meetlng - Black Tong Society, North Balc ony, Main Gym. 
6:00 pm - Meeting - S.A.T.C.H ., Third College Lounge, Guest Speaker on Nutrition. 
6 :30 pm - Meeting - American Sign Language Class, Disabled Student Center. 
7 :30 pm - Meeting - Trident Christian Fellowship, Revelle Formal Lounge. 
7 :30 pm - Meeting · E.A.B., Revelle Informal Lounge. 
7:30 pm - Lecture - "So-Called Tyranny Of The Majority In The United Nations" 

Ambassador Rikhi J aipal, International Center. 
8:00 pm - Lecture - Jesus Of The Gospels Or The Critics, Dr. Harold Hoehner, Revelle 

Cafeteria. 
8: 30 pm - Music - Mark Pierson , 5&Dime, Muir. 
9:00 pm - Meeting · Muir College Council, North Conference Room Student Center. 
10:00 pm - Music - Gary Sperling, Muir 5&Dime. 

~:~81(1-
10:10 am 
412~tthe 

ll:llam 
Center. 

uns. otfiee. 
pointmerds requested, 

12 noon - Meeting· UCSD Phila telic Society, Activities Office Lower Muir Commons. 
12 noon - Workshop· Social Skills Workshop, Revelle Counselors Office. 
12 noon - Art - " Nine Painters", Exhibition at the Student Art Gallery, 1st floor 

Humanities Library. 
12 noon - Play· " The Summoning of Every Man" , Gym Steps. 
12 noon - Meeting - Conditioning, Wrestling Room. 
1:00 pm - Worship - Christian Prayer Meeting, Lounge Conference Room Student 

Center. 
2: 00 pm - Meeting - Meet Fourth College Provost Lea Rudee, 302 Matthews Campus. 
2:00 pm - Workshop- Creativity Workshop, Muir Counselors Office. 

ice. 
3: 00 pm - Meeting - Meet your Provost, Muir Provost Office, Munchies too. 
3: 30 pm - Meeting - CalPirg local board Meeting, Organization Conference Room up-

stairs Student Center. 
4:00 pm - Meeting - UCSD Soccer Club Practice, Matthews Soccer Field. 
4:00pm- Meeting- Fribee, Muir Basketball Courts . 
4:30 pm - Meetlng - A.F .S.C.M.E., Conference Room A, Matthews Campus. 
4:30 pm - Meeting - Gymnast ics, South Balcony, Main Gym. 
5:30 pm - Meeting - Yoga, Adaptive Room, Main Gym . 
6: 00 pm - Meeting - " The Triton Wargaming Society", Tioga Hall 902. 
6: 00 pm - Meeting - Abbey of Leng, Game Room Confe rence Room Student Center. 
6:00 pm- Meeting - MuirOuting Club, 2402 A.P.M. 
6:30 pm - Workshop - Career Options Workshop, 412 Matthews Campus, Room 15. 
7:oo pm - Meeting - Fencing, West Balcony, Main Gym . 
7:00 pm - Movie - " Guadalupe" and "Cince Vidas" and " T he Unwanted", Third 

College Aud. . 
7: 00 pm - Classes - Registration for Fourth College. Courses taught by Fourth College 

Students. 
7 :30 pm - Movies- Fourth College Science F iction Film Festival, 2722 USB. 
7:30pm - Meeting - Ski Club, C.R. Third College 104. 
8:00pm- Play- "Play ofDaniel", Mandeville Aud. 
8:00 pm - Lecture - " Jesus The Source Or The P roduct Or Christianity", Revelle 

Cafeteria. 

9:00 am - Visit - University of Minnesota School ol Social Development, Appointment 
requst\ld, 412 Matthews Campis. 

12 noon - Art - "Nine Painters", Exhibition at the Student Art Galle ry, 1st noor 
Humanities Library. 

12 noon· Workshop - F or Studen ts Subject to Dismissal, Revelle Counselor s Office. 
12 noon - Play - "The Summoning Of Every Man", Gy m Steps. 
4:00 pm - Seminar - Deadline for career planning Seminar registration, call 452-4350. 
4:30pm - Meetlng -Gymn·astics, South Balcony, Main Gym. 
6:30 pm - SUdes - Slide show on Africa, International Center. 
7: 00 pm - Anno\lll .• There will be no Campus Crusade Meeting tonight. All are en-

couraged to attend the "Jesus : Fact and FaUacy" by Harold Hoehner at Revelle · 
Cafeteria at8 :00 pm. 

7:30 pm - Meeting " Folk Dance, Recreation Conference Room, Main Gym. 
7:30 pm - Movie - " A Touch of Class", 2722 USB,$1.00 Admission. 
8:00pm - Concert - " Beethoven", " Ravel" and "Shubert", Mandeville Aud. 
8:00 pm - Lecture - " Jesus: Filct and Fallacy." Dr. Harold Hoehner, Revelle 

Cafeteria. 
8:00pm - Lecture - " J esus The Predicted Messiah", Revelle Ca fet eria . 

9:00 am - Workshop - One-Day Workahop In Reading EmoUons, F-wial Expressions; 
Room 2l(IO, School of Medicine M C. 

9:00 am - "lie - Day Hik sponsored by the Fourth College Outing Club, For more 
informatioo caU452-451L 

10:00 am - Meeting - Karate, Main Gym Floor. 
7 :30 pm - Movie - Amarcord , Ma ndeville Center Aud. 
9:00pm - Dance - All-Campus dance, Main Gym. 

10:00 a - Wor8hip - Roma n Catholic Maas, Room B-210, Mandeville Center . 
10: 00 am - Worship - UnIvcrll ty- ommu y Chu~h, Lutheran Services. 
10:30lIm - Studies - tholicStudi ,l'i Confer ce Room Student Center . 
12 noon - Wortlhlp Unlfir -Gornnumity ur~EpiscopaIServlces. 
5: 00 pm - Conference - Voluntee r Conference, North Conference Room Stude nt Center. 
6: 00 pm - Supper - Inter-Denomina tional Student Supper, Revelle Formal Lounge. 

Moad.y, January 111, 11'11 

Students Were Impressed 

The timeliness and apparent interest of UCSD 
students in Uiird world developments appears to have 
made the Stavrianos course one of the more popular 
on campus last quarter, according to the <:ourse and 
Professor Evaluations. Students were unpr.essed 
with the professor's knowledge and presentati~ of 
the material. 

Stavrianos, 83, has taught for 35 years and ~y~ .he 
has always enjoyed it. Concerned about .prlonties 
and lile-loog ambitio~, he n~w, however, lnte~ds to 
devote full time to their pursUIt. I 

Stavrianos feels he is an optimist-in stark contrast 
to many of his colleagues who prophesize the doom 
and demise of civilization. " The kind of disin-
tegration the world is currently experiencing," ex-
pla ins Stavrianos, " is analogous to that of the 'Dark 
Age,' " and ultimately it is precisely t~is de~in­
tegration that clears the ground for the rebirth which 
is to foUow. 

tJCSD's Third World Studies program was 
unknown to Stavrianos upon his arrival here but he 
says " I was pleasantly surprised to become aw~r~ of 
its existence," and said, "I have a great appreciatIOn 
for the broad nature of the program which I believe is 
important. " 

Dynamic Aspects 
Many of the dynamic aspects of the development 

theory held by Stavrianos are sometimes referred to 
as the "Law of the Retarding Leads." Bearing a 
strong resemblence to a theory of sociotultural 
Darwinism augmented by the development of Status 
Quo, Stavrianos has borrowed the " law" from an-
thropologists. " Accordingly," says Stavrianos, 
"whenever a system develops in a society which 
produces a more efficient use of space and resources, 
it will expand into other space, once this system rises 
to a position of dominance in terms of power, wealth 
and prestige, it tends to retard the progress of others 
which attempt to make similar gains. " Thus," 
Stavrianos concludes, " it follows inevitably that 
western industrialized capitalism was going to ex-
pand into a place like the new world ... simply 

JV BB ... 

trl.oll.ln.~ 

because it was able to make more efficient use of 
territory. " 

In discussing the issue of the European expansion. 
on the continent of Africa, Slavrianos explains the 
nature of its susceptibility to the " Law of Retarding 
Leads." While he does not condone the racism and 
ruthlessness of Europeon imperialism during the era, 
Stavrianos insists that Mrican systems must be 
viewed realistically. " What the west did to the non-
western world," declares Slavrianos, " was done 
dozens and dozens of times before by other people to 
other people! What did the Bantus do to the Pygmies 
or the Bushmen of the Kalahari ? The Bantus 
conquered and expanded throughout Africa. Why? 
Because they were agriculturalists and their 
civilization opporated at a high level. The Bantus did 
to the Bushmen what the Portuguese did to the 
Bantus later on." 

The change in the third world from being a passive 
object, controlled and manipulated by the advance 
countries, to a position of global initiative and in-
novation is a fact that Stavrianos believes American 
students should know about. "They should know that 
the third world is where the action if going to be," he 
declares. 

Initiative aod InDOvation 
The basis of " initiative and iMovation," Stavrianos 

reasons, is that " when you stop to think about it 
during the whole of the 20th century, all the great 
revolutions of this era have occurred not where Marx 
said tliey would - in the industrialized developed 
world - but ironically in the undeveloped third 
world." "This is true, whether you consider the 
Mexican Revolution of 1910; the Russian Revolution 
of 1917, at which time Russia was a third world 
country ; it is true of the Algerian Revolution ; it is 
true of all the Portuguese revolutions that are 
remolding the world we are living in." 

Stavrianos contrasts the role of third world 
countries with that of their counter parts as advanced 
countries have played. Holding true to the " Law of 
Retarding Lead," Stavrianos contends that the role of 
advanced countries has been to crush revolutionary 
movements or at least to isolate their influence." 

sta rting center, Bob Peterson, 
fou led out of the game, and for-
ward Randy Meis was called for 
his fourth personal. Playing with a 
three-guard line-up, the Tritons 
were forced to run, unsuccessfully 
it turned out, with the Lancers. 

percentage for the game was in-
dicative of the good shots they had 

, throughout the contest. UCSD shot 
only 43%. 

A TTENT ION REVELLE W INTER 
GRADUATES: You must turn in a 
degree application cord by January 
23 if you wish to graduate W inter 
Q uarter. If you need a card, or you 
are not sure if you have a lready 
tu rned one in yet, please confact 
Eliza G illies in the Revelle ProvOSl 'S 
Office. Cal Baptists' 53% field goal 

Greenstein's 28 points and nine 
rebounds led the Tritons in both of 
these departments. 

Dog Day ... 
statuesque melancholy, as was 
shown by both "Godfather" fi lms, 
and he collapses when trying to 
extract tears as in "Scarecrow." 
He is, however, excellent at 
bufoonish megalom a nia ; in 
" Serpico" and especially in " Dog 
Day." His rolling eyeballs, 
naturalistic squalls of frustration, 
pettiness, confusion , and his 
graceless darting back and forth, 
all add up to an immensely well-
wrought conception. This movie is 
rilled with moments which reveal 
Pacino's a cute sense of how to 
imitate anxiety: rousing sym-
pathetic gawkers with cries of 
" Attica !"; exploding atthe callous 
TV news reporter; and most 
e loquently, improviSing a 
monologue where he dictates his 
will to one of the hostages. 

" Dog Day Afternoon" is such a 
well-acted movie that too many 
r eviewers have overlooked the 
extraordinary work of Lwnet , his 
regular editor Dede Allen, and 
photographer Victor Kemper. This 
film stands as a la ndmark 
achievement for all of them. The 
opening montage sequence of 
s ights and sounds around Sin City-
-skylines, skyscrapers, swimming 
pools, airports, ferrys , and packed 
intersections compresses into 
three minutes what took other New 
York films like " French Con-
nection," " Cops And Robbers" and 
Lumet's own "Serpico" two hours 
to cover. Other noteworthy com-
ponents are the smooth, 
freewhelling camera tr acks in the 
opening bank scenes; the 
subliminal editing of close-ups, 
overhead shots, and long shots 
during the fiery action sequences; 
the variances in color image from 
saturated to washed-out; and the 
choreographed frenzy of the crowd 
scenes. 

F inally, the most ineffa bly 
moving is the closing sequence. 
While the captured Pacino watehes 
his dead partner wheeled by in a 

Page seven 

stretcher and the freed hostages 
cavort in desperate relief, the 
sound of airplane engines hissing, 
roaring and laking-off grows in-
creasingly more prominent, 
embellish ing the snuffing, 
downbeat despair of the moment. 

Symposium ... 
was to explain the pOwer of the 
Presidency, but instead, he felt 
tha t ma ny of the speakers 
discussed the powers of Congress. 

Wednesday afternoon from 4-6 , a 
discussion of the symposium will 
take place in the St udent Center. 
The eight participants will present 
their viewpoints a nd impressions 
of it. 

Clarification 
In our editorial last week on the 

Saxon disturbance, the Triton 
Times reported a quotation of 
Vice-chancellor and Dean Of 
Student Affairs George Murphy 
from the San Diego Union. The 
quote In the U Dion read, " There 
was a clear violation of campus 
regulations" by three non-
students participating In the 
Saxon demonstration. 

In reaUty, says Murphy, his 
statement to the Union was 
preceded by the phrase, "If the 
facts as reported to me are 
correet." 

Swimming ... 
only difference with the Bs was the 
diving. Being a non· league meet, 
this served as a good practice after 
the winter break.· Our biggest 
problem is depth. Having only 4 
regular A swimmers makes it hard 
to compete with the bigger schools 
but playing another small one, like 
Pomona, really gives us a good 
meet." 

T RiYON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Rules and Rales 

Classlfieds should ellher be prlnled or Iyped on a 3·· x 5" c ... d (available 
in Trllon Times office). They may be subm llted anyl ime belween 9 and 
ooon and 1 and 4 p .m , 

The lol lowing rates are fCK 100 spaces - if you use mo re spaces, the ra te 
will double . (100 spaces - 25 canis: 101 10 200 - 50 cenls) . 

P ... sonal. -- $1 
Lost and Found - free 
Olher ads: sluden ls - 25 cenls 
nonstudenls _. $1 

Deadlines: 4 pm Friday for Monday: 4 pm Monday for Wednesday: 4 pm 
Wednesday for Friday. 

Announc"""",I.: free. All announcemenl s will run In the Monday 
calendar. Deedline for calendar: 4 pm Friday. · 

(All addil lons or correcllons 10 IIsl lngs In the ScI1edule o f Classes for 
regularUniversily courses will be ch"ged $1). 

WANTed 
Need exira cash? Buying old U.S. coins. 
Also buying U.S. Sliver coi ns minled before 
1965. Ken , ~J.7924 . (3112) 

Marijuana relaled research . Heallhy males 
21 ·35 10 live In hosplla l 26 cons. days, pays 
S (2131625-0094. (212) 

HELP ! Need leclure noles for Econ 1 A 
IMann), have SChed ule conflicl. Pay fair S. 
Call Doug. 459·9252 . (1119) 

TUIOr needed for Malh 2a and lor Sci. 3A 
IChem). 3-6hrsawkwlllpayweli . 447.1611. 
11121 ) 

La Jolla Comm Educ Service needs vOllulor. 
10 wrk wtlh Span. speaking children. Mon. 
Thurs. afl. ~"'2543. (1121) 
Wanled : Books for Econ 100 and 110. LOIIeli 
IMacro) and Nichols on IMicro). Call Rag ... 
aI75:;'0524 (1/191 

TRAvEl 
EUROPE & TAHiTI CHARTER FLIGHTS 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY CIEE. 
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES UCSD IN. 
lERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12·4 pm 452-0030 (3/12) 

housiNG 
New COndo renl cardiff 3 bedroom 2' b Ih 
OCean VlOW flfcplac . 2 weeks free reru S325 
-mon 22q625 11/231 

MaIn rflom B m Ip n dod to share I bm apt H1 
ntI .. r 0 n 486 6710. Mike fl I 211 

Wan led MI rml e Feb . 1 La Jolla Vil2 BDR apl. 
Share wllh 3 med sl udenl s furnished S781m. 
453·0935 eWlnlngs. (1128) 

La Jolla Shrs room fo< renl. Prlvale apl .• 
sleps 10 ocean. slore bus, near UCSD. SI00 a 
monlh . Call 459-6754. (111 9) 

Roommale needed (pre!. female) 10 share 
3BR L .J . house . Near beach . bus, shops . 
Own room . Call 454·0959. (1119) 

Roommale(s) 10 share Iwo bedrm apl . in OB. 
On Sunsel Cliffs OIIerlooklng beach . 
SBOlmo. ulil paid . 222.()119 . (1/ 19) 

Own rm. 3 bdrml2ba. apl. S951mo. renl . 
Neal. responsible, considerate , non-smoking 
siudeni preferred . 279·7509 (1123) 

Roommate - Non-smoking graduate, own 
room In ~BORM Universily Clly house , 
S78.75Imonlh . 453·1587. (1119) 

Rm wanled: MIOfI F plalonlc. share 
Deoullful J BDR house on 'h acre In 
Enclnilas . S93 1mo. first. lasl , cleani ng . 75~ 
<1622 . (1121) 

M roommat wanted Own room, • brm , 
$87 .50lmo .• waler Incl MOll8ln Feb. I . ~J. 
9377. GENESEE HIGHLANDS (1 123) 
For rent Pre-med P".Jych siudent wants 10 
s~ re JBR ocean beach house W'lh 
humanIstic health minded married couple 
House,s clean, IIghl. well Iccaled. has a 
lawn . large planlable yard · • really SP lal 
house. Yaor share of Ihe lenl Is SI70 plus 
part of uilis Call Shalom 222·71 . 270. 

1~9 Checklloul (1 121) 

Shale new Cardiff condO • QUI I. Ced r 
""fled equal pro. lieges . Close 10 I~ 

1251mo 753·8527 111301 

• SERVICES 
STEREO REPAIR : Siudeni wilh professional 
trainmg and experience In stereo repair, 
offers greally reduced rales 10 lhose on 
sludenl budgels. Repairs made on all makes 
and models, amps, preamps. receivers . 
luners , lapes , and lables . Repaired wllh 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE. Call 
Immedlalely for free esllmBle and or problem 
consullalion . call 291·5927. (1123) 

Collegial. reserach alds·lhousands on file. 
SendSl for your 160 page mall order catalog .• 
Research Asslslance. 11322 Idaho Ave , ~206 , 
Los Angefes. CA 90025 . 21~477 -8474 . 
(1119) 

Need e_lr. Income? Make $12-over S25 each 
CUPPING newspaper lIem.. Delails free 
Wrlle: Clipping . Box 24791 A7, Seallie. Wash 

9812~ . (1119) 

Typls l ·I BM lerm paper l thesi sldlsser-
lallonslelc. Editlng lrush jobslXerox. 56~ 
817( (31121 

Alpha OmeQa Alliance· come join I!le ··Ughl , 
Revolul lon" every Tues . eve 7:JO.9:00. rm 
3515 Psych & Ling . BLoG . (1121) 

Mark Wenzel . Mime art isl available for 
parties . Superb entertainment and 
reasonable rales. call224-6011 . (4 19) 

Female surrogate wanted for male patient _ 
wrile Box 45068. San Diego 92145 . (1121) 

I·Ching Bib yr Sludenllo leach and d iscuss . 
No fee . Phone Tracy al 452.a~72 e_lngs. 
(11211 

FLUTE LESSONS • JaZ2 or Classical i n· 
slrucllon. Theory. lechnlQue & tone. Ten 
yearse_per . CHEAP. 45~0730 . (11 19) 

HORNY? TIred 01 100 much lalk? So are we 
We oiter group sallsfacllon Call 755·8150, 
THE BLACK HOLE. (111 9) 

Drum lessons Lalln· African ·Jazz rhylhms 
CongOS·bOngos and olher percuss'on In. 
.Irumenls . 11'. FUN I 452·9584 . (I I ) 

UCLA Graduale School of Managemenl Will 
have a representative on campus Thursday . 
November 22 . 10.00 am · 300 pm 10 
discus Ihe MBA p'ogr m No p.rllcular 
un rgradual 'Mja. 1& required 
For mar Inrormat lon plcase contact t 
Gar r Planning nd Placemonl Off,ce or 
Wfll. UCLA Gradualo SchOOl of 
Managem nl. Siudeni Aff."s . Los Ang les: 
Caillorn'a 2. 11 121) 

Blues harmonica le"llons. 272-8532. 

Tennis instruction from Steve Bassett. 
Prlvale and semi·Prlvale from SBlhr. USPTA. 
459-3755. (1119) 

fOR SAl E 
Siereo componenls . 20 11>· 40 '" off IISI. All 
major brands . All guaranleed . Call Bernard 
aI45~5298 , aflerSpm. (1 119) 

Cal Slevens Concert! LA Forum Feb. 2 & 3. 
Beller prices AND BEITER LOCATIONS Ihan 
all compeillors. 27~7855. (212) 

DAVID BOWl E CONCERT! Cho,ce floor 
seals al besl prices In SO. Call us firsl. 27~ 
7855 . ~212) 

Puch cycle xlnl condo 135Om1 .• 225lbesl 
offer . 459-2178. 454-5610. (1/ 19) 

Iialian motorcycle, 175cc. exoellent COil-
dillon. Super-low mileage. $250. Call 454-
0997. (1121 ) 

72 Cilroen SM 5 speed Brown. xclnl cond 
Musl sell cheap. SI0.ooo.00. Conlacl 
Aleeda , ~3-0868. (1/191 

Amerlcan·Eagle 23·· men·s 10·speed bicycle. 
very good cond . S60 or so . Call Fred, 452. 
2785. (1/23) 

ALTEC Cuslom made speakers . Will handle 
plen l y of power . 12· Woofer. Horn fweel ... . 
$14OIpr. 274-0738. (11 19) 

1972 Suzu~1 T~ 18Sec. rebulll engine, rebulll 
carburelor , runs exoellenl. $425. Mike. 453-
9663. (1/191 

2S" 10·speed Iransportalion 535 Also B&W 
TV SIO call 452.()379. Barbasa. (1119) 

King size bed boxsprong and mallress. S25 
used Call 459-7955. (1 It 9) 

Goff ClUb • • Wilson Siaff 2·PW. Arnold 
Palmer 1 &4W 03 Reg Shafl1970 $65 Joe 
Rogers ~3009 days . (1123) 

Sell or Ir_ 74 250 CZ for 250 0< larger 
Enduro 01 equal .alue Mal offer Brran 
453 ·27~ (1 1261 

LOSI • Lumberjack pla,d jackal . Wedn .. 14 
call J.8!i38 or relurn 10 fnlon Off,ce 
(1119) 

Turnlable • BSR 610AX Shure M93E Hdrol 
Cue . Base , Dusl LSI SI30 A. II 
5GSorbesi c;.,IIJeff453.Q730 111 ) 

Dynaco slereo 120 amp faclory bUil l 165 
walls rms . Excellenl cond Teac head · 
phones . 753· 7621 . (1/19) 

Heavy dUly Dodge SI"" Van 1967. excellenl 
condllion . 51300 Of besl offer. Gail Rochard 
aI291·1842 . (1 19) 

Speakers I Pair Arza 5100. Or? Also USOV 
10·· 3 way lighl pair. $145. Dave. 755-8150 . 
181e nigh I. (1119) 

Wail unlls. 60 It . sIlelvong . slereo cab<nel , 
desks. elc. Boslon rocker . colonial dining 
lablelchalrs. Imporled Lemon Chandelier. 
454.7675. (1126) 

lOST at fOUNd 
lOSI red . chubby cal aboul 6 monlhs old 
Vanished lasl Sel. In Del Mar al 23d Sl. 
Reward I 755-3805. (1119) 

AITENTION GEORGE STIMSON: Your 
check book IS '" Ihe IT Office. Musl show 
10. 

LOST _. Sweallop, blue wilh orange .!rlpes. 
MUIr area. call Shawn. 75:;'0423. Malchlng 
sweal panls are lonely' (1 119) 

LOST: A dk green man·s Iype walle! 811her 
around school or on C CrUiser. Reward' 
Call Healher. 481 ·0339 (1119) 

FOUND A necklace on January 14. Call and 
Idenllfy 75H238, Mary. (1 1191 

FOUND. Book on Fri a"ernoon in p&L 1320 
Claim in Humanilleslibrary (1 119) 

LOST BG Releva.ll PrOblems. belw n IT 
and Revelle Quad Wed .• Jan 14. PLEASE 
RETURN 10 IT Off ice. THANKSI (1/19) 

PERSONAls 
WAW Happy 20Ih lor lhe 201h) Enjoy li fe 10 
Ihe mosles,,! I A amll from Pooh. froend 
and Ihell'-<1 /1 ""I 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY CONNIE You Cuio 1111 1 
dev,l you J. Ialme ma pelil bon.""" I,. 
Rolo J (1 (19) 

KerrB , Thanks tor being my buddy I l u_ 
you .. ry much .- Schmoe (1119) 

1\al~y C Her • • 10 a Quarte, of fun d c lO • 
Ir nd hip You·re la c.In.',ng l l ove ME 
t1 19) 



Moaday, Jaaa.ry 1', un. 

Tough Loss to 16-2 Lancers 

Tritons Dr~p Basketball Opener 
by Dave Elsea 
Sports EdItor 

In the conference basketball 
opener against heavy cham-
pionship-favorite Cal Baptist, the 
Tritons were faced with either A) 
shooting perfectly, just to stay 
close, or B) losing badly. 

UCSD actually had a taste of 
both, in losing to the Lancers 87~1. 

Baptist, now 16-2, started the 
game with a front line of 6'9",6'6", 
6'5", towering over UCSD's center 
and forwards, Lyle Smith (6'7"), I 
Lee Gardner (6'4"), and Mark 
Dobransky (6'3") . The Lancers 
were coming off of an 8!HW win 
over Grand Canyon, which had 
won 13 of its previous 14 games. 

Above, the beginning of the 100 free style, with Pam 
Hurley In lane 1, Klkl Nellis in lane 3, and Deanne Duoos 
in lane 6. Below, Clcl Smith speeds along In the 100 
Butterfly. (TT Photos : Sharon Roberts' 

The Tritons, now 7-9 seem to 
have a good chance at second place 
behind Baptist in the NAJA's 
District 3 Southern Division, at 
least if they continue to play in the 
same manner they battled the 
Lancers. UCSD WOlDen Split 

Meet With Pomona 
Before a nearly full house in the 

Triton gym, Mallory Mitchell 
~parked UCSD to an early lead that 
the Tritons held for the first 17 
minutes of the game. Mitchell 
scored 12 points and had three 
assists in the first 10 minutes as 
UCSD jumped to a 24-16 lead, but 
Mitchell was called for his third 
quick foul, and coach Barry 
Cunningham was forced to take 
him out of the game. 

by Evelyn Barata 
Staff Writer 

In evenly-matched competition 
last Friday, UCSD's women's 
swim team split their meet with 
visiting Pomona College, winning 
the A level, but dropping the B. 

Having trailed from the start, 
UCSD A swimmers rallied back to 
take the final event and the 40-35 
win. At the B level the teams tied in 
the swimming events but eight 
points from diving gave Pomona 
the 42-34 edge. 

A decisive factor at ooth levels 
was the size of the teams. Pomona, 
unable to put together a team for 
the A 400 free relay, their final 
event, forfeited seven points and 
the victory. Similarly, UCSD's lack 
of divers brought Pomona 8 points 
and the win at the B level. 

The Tritons' strength lay in the 
free style events, where they 
clinched 47 of 66 points. 

ABORTION ALTERNATIVES 
SAN DIEGO 

PRO LIFE LEAGUE 
Phone ~UFE 24 hrs 

Free counSeling, study roo~ , 
and speakers 

DAVID BOWIE 
CAT STEVENS 
Tickets Available at 

Son Diego Ticket Sales 
273-4567 

w. have Ih. only good .eol. In lown 

COP1ES 
... 
... 211 C 110 :u "12 HII ... 

IUMIIOS 2 LOCATIONI 
UOSYO IIOIICI ...... t3U 1'" eo&.u.jft.1I74111 

CH.4BTER§ 
SAVE UP TO 50% in '76 

UROPE froms29g * 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 wks. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 91 5 Flights but: 
liMITED SEAtS on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 
Oar ,.all ,,~ II _II. 

291-8141 

· D.l!. -i.~~;l! 
MtIlIOll Vollty-Equrtoblc Bldg 

1333 Camino del Rio South 
S.D .. CA 92101 

• Minimum fc;.r. which ril.1 de-
on dot. & I.ngth of flit • . 

Turning in strong performances 
for San diego were Kiki Nellis, 
Pam Kershner and Pam Hurley. 
Nellis, after taking 2 firsts in the 
"8" free style competitions and a 
second in the -A 50 free style, 
commented, " It definitely is ex-
citing. My times could have been 
better and winter break did hurt a 
lot. It'll take at least another week 
to catch up." 

Kershner, swimming to a first in 
both the 500 and 100 A free style 
events and a second in the 100 back 
stroke noted, " It felt good, 
especially so early in the season. 
Pomona is good competition for us. 
We learn more from meets like this 
than from those with much 
stronger teams, like UCLA, partly 
because we don't get psyched out." 

Coach Dianna Dann, pleased 
with the day's swimming noted, " It 
was great to take the As and the 

Continued on Page 7 

Playing a spotless, disciplined, 
patient first half, the Tritons 
managed to shoot 60%, and stayed 
even with the Lancers. Baptist took 
its first lead with three minutes 
left, and brought a 42-36 lead into 
intermission. 

Converting only 10 of 35 second 
half field goals, the Tritons were 
blown out by a calm Baptist team, 
which was spurred along by a bus 
load of vocal supporters. 

Guard Steve Johnson hit eight of 
nine shots, mainly from outside, 
and forward Dennis Motley made 
eight of 11, nearly all lay-ups, to 
putUCSDaway. 

pacific honda 
CASH DISCOUNTS 

ON THE 

'76 evee HONDA 
AUTOMOBILE & ACCESSORIES 

TO UCSD STUDENTS AND FACULTY 
(WI LD.) 

CALL JEANNE AT 565-8022 
AND ARRANGE FOR YOUR 

DEMON 'TRA TION RIDE AND DISCOUNT 
4697 CONVOY STREET 

.....--...---=------------ -_ . --.----

?1 ~J 
;",' Headed for northern 

" California (or L.A. , BurbanK, Long Beach, 
__ ,, " Ontario)? Call your campus rep or PSA and 

- - - - - - - - - telilhem yo~ wqnllo buzz off. PSA gives you a lift. 

29 times 
a day. 

Triton guard Bart Bradlay (24) scores two of his 12 
points with a jump shot from tha basaline, In UCSD's 
87-81 loss to Cal Baptist . (TT Photo: Bill Brooks' 

The Triton defense, strong for 30 
minutes, was overcome late in the 
game by a flurry of Baptist fast 
break baskets. The UCSD offense 
was forced to its three-guard style, 
with Mitchell (who finished with 18 
points and a game-high nine 
rebounds), Bart Bradley 12 points) 
JV B Ball 

and Eric Finkle (6) shooting from 
outside. 

Later this month, UCSD "'ill get 
a rematch in the Lancer gym. It 
seems that the Tritons will need a 
two-half shooting show to keep that 
battle close. 

Lancers Stab Tritons 
With 110-95 Defeat 

by Scott SadU 
Assistant Sports Editor 

In the type of high-paced, 
freewheeling game that they 
"cannot win," the UC San Diego 
junior varsity basketball team was 
outgunned Saturday night by the 
Lancers from Cal Baptist, 110-95. 

"To win we have to set up our 
offense and make it work," ex-
plained coach Ron Werft. "We 
didn't do it all game." 

The Triton defensive play was as 
much to blame as any other phase 
of the game, for their second 
consecutive home defeat. Cal 
Baptists' fast break and ability to 
pass the ball deep within the heart 

of UCSD's man-to-man and later 
zone defense, led to their high point 
total. The Lancers consistently 
scored on lay-ups and short range 
jumpers. 

Still, the Tritons played well 
enough to trail by only five points 
with 15 minutes left in the contest. 
Joe Greenstein, scoring on his 
usual assortment of penetrating 
drives, outside jumpshots, and 
offensive rebounds, kept UCSD this 
close with 20 first-half points. 

Guard Doug Hafford's five steals 
in the first period also helped to 
offset Cal Baptist's running game. 

Early in the second half UCSD's 
Continued on Page 7 

BEGINNING CWSES FORMING 
in the Ancient Chinete Art of 

,At cut CUOAH 
.......... .,.-~ .............. .. 
.. ..---........ . 

- AUO -
lutnlctfp .. , .. t .......... 

.-4 ... ,., .... 

FOR MORE INFORMATION CALL 278·2944 
A~ 

JESUS: 
FACT & FALLACY 

A lecture senes on the theme Jesus ' Fact and Fa lld<'y will be presented by Dr Harold 
Hophner (!/uest lecturer) WIth UCSD prohtssors comml'nilng on the presenled malenal 
Dr t10ehner WIll respond 10 quesllons from Ih audience Free admission . 

The 1f>Clure ro S WIll take pi e J~nuary 1 ·23. t976. In lhe Revelle Calelerla f'om 8~(). 
tn;oO p m. sponsored by Campus Crusade 

GUEST LECTURER·DR HAROLD HOEHNER. PH 0 Unlversl1y of Cambrodge England). 
Jlfnl"~<;or 01 New TOSlamenl Exeg SIS 1 Danas ThPQloglcal Seminary 

TOPICS' 
J nllary 19 - ' JESUS OF TH GOSPELS AND THE QUMRAN CO MMUNITY 

J nu ry 201h - JESUS OF TH GOSPELS OR FIRST CENTURY DISTORTION 
polll.-,,1 IS'IIes law, nee Waddy. UCSD leclUrer 

J:lnu ry 21sl - JESUS OF THE GOSPELS OR THE CRITICS 
()fICllnS 01 Paul's' IIglon· Dr DaVId Crownl' UCSD assocI 1 
prolessor of III ralu,,' 

J.If111 ry 22nd JrSUS TH hOURCE OR THE PRODUCT OF CHRISTIANITY 
N w TI' Idmenl documents · Dr Alden MosShammer. UCSD 
.IS I I nl professor of hlSlory 

J nu ry 23rd JI:suS THE PR DICTED M SSIAH 


