
Hedgecock Sees Victory as 
Controlled Growth Mandate 

by Sara J. Lowen 
Associate News Editor 

Roger Hedgecock believes his victory over Lou Conde in the 3rd 
District Supervisorial race earlier in the month indicates "that people 
don't want to see San Diego tum into another Los Angeles." 

Hedgecock, 30, feels that because the Board of Supervisors has 
direct responsibility for land development in the unincorporated areas 
of the county, he is in a prime position to prevent Los Angeles-type 
urban sprawl in San Diego. 

Urban sprawl can best be prevented, Hedgecock said in an interview 
Tuesday, by the combined efforts of community planning groups ~d 
the Comprehensive Planning Organization (CPO). The commuruty 
planning groups should review proposed projects for their area and 
judge whether they will be beneficial while CPO should be looking at 
long range development for the county, he said. 

Roger Hedgecock beams with the euphoria 0/ victory during an Election 
Night interuiew with a reporter from KCST·Channel 39. Hedgecock will 
officially begin his term as 3rd District Supervisor Jan . 3 . 

The attorney, who will be officially sworn in Jan. 3, emphasized that 
if community planning commissions had previously been more in-
volved in county growth decisions there would not be an urban sprawl 
problem. 

" People can see that managing growth is in their interest," he said. 
In addition to working on growth problems, Hedgecock said he 

believes the supervisors should take action to preserve open space in 
San Diego county. This might be done by purchasing parcels of land 
that have unique eco-systems, he said. 

Hedgecock also said he plans to work actively to speed up the 
proposed purchase of Penasquitos Canyon and the lagoons in North 
County. 

Zoning Controls 
The other way that the Supervisors can preserve open spaces, 

particularly of agricultural lands, is through strict zoning controls, 
which assure that agricultural lands are not developed. "People don't 
realize it," said Hedgecock, " but agriculture is the number one 
business in San Diego CQunty. We should hold on to every bit of 
agriculturalland we've got." 

Hedgecock's environmental concerns also extend to air pollution, 
which he said is "a serious problem because of the freeway-oriented 
lifestyle we lead." The Supervisors, who have control over the Air 
Pollution Control District, can do much to improve San Diego's air 
quality, Hedgecock said. The first step, as he sees it, in controlling air 
pollution, is to set up more monitoring systems to accurately detect 
the sources and patterns of pollution in the county. 

Containing urban sprawl and encouraging housing development in 
the urban areas of the city will cut down on pollution by reducing the 
distance that people travel to work, said Hedgecock. Additionally, the 
hydrocarbons that are emitted into the air when gasoline is pumped 
can be cut back by requiring gas station ownen to install vapor 
recover systems. Hedgecock charged the Board with 'fumbling' on 
this issue in the past and said he will work to insure that vapor 
recovery systems are installed 

In addition to his environmental concerns, one of Hedgecock's other 
areas of high priority on the Board will be to keep property tax in-
creases even with cost of living increases. Hedgecock feels that one 
way to do this is to make the county budget analysts responsible to the 
Board, so that the Board can detennine the priorities of county 
programs. 

Priorities 
"I'm going to be saying a lot about the need to prioritize," 

Hedgecock said. Among the first things "to go" when cuts are made 
will be what Hedgecock called 'welfare for the rich,' such as the seven 
private airports that the county operates for private planes. "The 
county has been supporting the operation of those airports because 
they have been operating with a deficit," Hedgecock said. "We just 
can't tolerate this kind of thing. " 

Hedgecock believes that cuts mUit also be made in the operating 
costs of the Board, which he called "an arrogant remote level of 
govenunent," in tenos of the way it spends the taxpayen money on 
"fancy stationery and blg can" for the Supervisors. 

........ _11'. 
Straw Ballot Sent Out 

Faculty Ponder Semester System 
by Alec Nedelman 

Associate News Editor 

"In your judgement, should the 
University of California change its 
academic year from three quar-
ters to two semesters?" This 
question, being asked of faculty at 
all the UC campuses, was put to 
UCSD faculty last week in the fonn 
of a straw ballot administered by 
the Academic Senate (AS). 

Faculty at the Irvine, Los 
Angeles, Berkeley, Santa Barbara 
and Riverside campuses have 
already voted either officially or in 
a straw vote to implement the 
semester system. Balloting is 
currently proceeding at the other 
campuses. 

According to __ Herbert York, 
Chairman of the Academic Senate, 
San Diego Division, UC President 
Saxon will not institute the change, 
scheduled for fall 1978, "unless the 
change has the substantial backing 
of the faculty." However, York 
said, Saxon has not defined what he 
means by "substantial." 

Saxon has only instructed each 
campus to solicit tile views of its 
faculty and report back to him. 
Then he will make his decision on 
the change. 

The switch to semester, if im-
plemented York said, would be for 
all UC campuses, with the possible 
exception of UC San Francisco, 
which, because of its very small 
size, might be allowed to remain on 
the quarter system. 

Nov. %3 Meeting 
The AS office has asked the 

faculty to return their straw ballots 
by today. Then, according to York, 
the faculty will "devote one half 
hour of the next Academic Senate 
meeting, on Nov. 23, to this topic." 
In early December, at an 
assemblage of representatives of 
all UC academic senates,the 
discussion will continue and a 
recommendation will be made to 
Saxon. 

York emphasized that "the 
straw vote here is not binding on 
our faculty," and that " there is no 
assurance that a vote (at the 
December meeting will produce 
any specific result.") 

In the ballot sent to the UCSD 
faculty, it is also asked: " Whether 
or not you favor doing so, if the 
University did return to the 

semester system, would you prefer 
a Fall semester ending before 
Christmas (and therefore with 
classes beginning the end of 
August ) or a Fall semester ending 
after the Christmas-New Years 
break (and therefore with classes 
beginning as now in late Sep-
tember)?" 

The ballot provides the faculty 
with twenty pages of arguments on 
the semester vs. quarter system 
question. Joseph Gusfield and 
Walter Kohn, chairman and 
member, respectively, of the 
Committee on Educational Policy 
(CEP), present arguments in favor 
of the semester system. Richard 
Dutton, Chairman of the Graduate 
Council, presents arguments in 
favor of the quarter system. In 
addition, a report on the issue 
prepared by a subcommittee of the 
University Committee on 
Educational Policy, is included. 

Informal Survey 
All of the above arguments were 

reflected in an infonnal survey 
conducted by the Triton Times 
over the last two weeks of 20 
faculty department chairs. 
Although most of them were 
speaking as individuals and not for 
their departments, the department 
heads provided an indication of 
how the entire faculty might decide 
this question. 

The UCSD faculty provide an 
additional perspective onto this 
issue. Since this is a relatively new 
campus, most of the faculty have 
taught under both systems. In the 
Triton Times survey, most faculty 
conveyed this experience when 
explaining their vote. 

Eleven of the faculty surveyed 
favored the semester system, five 
favored the quarter, and four were 
still undecided. Those who favored 
the quarter system came from 
both social science and natural 
science departments. A few 
favored the quarter system 
either because their professional 
meetings were in early Sept. or 
they just didn't like the thought of 
beginning classes again in Aug. 

The proponents of the quarter 
system focused on the flexibility of 
that system. "We can offer 11h 
times more courses in the quarter 
system," said one professor. 
" People coasted along" under the 
semester system, said another. A 

A 10/1 hang gild r catches a last ride as the sun slowly ~ Into the PaCific 
ITr photo , Bill Brooks) 

third professor was for three 
quarters " because the proposed 
semester system would imply 
students covered less material in 
the course of one year. " 

Of the undecideds, most said 
they "could see the advantages of 
both." Two were leaning towards 
the status quo because "there 
would be a lot of paperwork to 
make the change," and because 
"someone can go on leave a little 
easier in a quarter system." 

Ten Weeks Too Short? 
Those department heads 

favoring the semester system 
centered their arguments around 
the feeling that "ten weeks in just 
too short." A few of these 
professors said they would prefer 
the "longer exam period and the 
fact there aren't as many exam 
periods in the year," as is being 
proposed under the semester plan. 

Other advocates of the semester 
system stressed the " non-
interruption of students' work" as 
a key factor in their decision. Many 
classes, they said, span more than 
one quarter and are often in-
terrupted by scheduling conflicts 
with other sequences. In addition, 
it is felt that "when it comes to 
students do~ in-depth research 

Continued on Page 3 

UCSDStudent 
To"SeIl" Food 
For Orphans 

Richard Smith of the Trident 
Christian Fellowship has a lot of 
faith in people. 

Smith bought $500 worth of food 
with his own money tel supply 
goods to Casa de Esperanza 
(House of Hope ), a Mexican or-
phanage. 

Now he hopes that people will 
respond by buying the food back 
and donating it to the orphanage. 

" Next Monday, Tuesday and 
Wednesday from 8 am to 5 pm we 
will be selling the food," said 
Smith. " There aren't any really 
expensive food items as they are 
mostly cans, and the average 
article is no more than a dollar." 

Smith noted that people would be 
paying the same amount as they 
would in a store, with the only 
difference now being that " the kids 
will get the food." 

The orphanage is located just 
s.outh of Tijuana, and is supported 
only by donations. Most of the 
children have either been given up 
by their parents, or have come 
from Mexican authorities. 

"This is our chance to help," said 
Smith. 

Erratum 
In our article Wednesday on next 

year's Reg . .stration Fee level we 
said that U::.:sD students who are 
california resid nts will pay $232 in 
fces II xt \.our'" •• TI1~ ::ot t-Jc. 
If Chancellor McElroy's recom-
mendation is accelMd by UC 
President Saxon, UCSD studel.tc; 
who ar California resid nts will 
pay $232 in quarterly fees In 1977-
78. 

The Triton 'Tim regrets this 
error. 



Pale I ......... h •• 'fIt Friday, November 11,11'71 

Abortion: Pro or ConI 
Abortion Is a topic wbleb never quite fades from the seene. We now 

leave tbIa topic ID your IIaadI. II abonion moral! Shoald the lAue be 
'declded by the public? Wbea does life reaDy begiD? What about tbe 
woman's rights to have Control of her own body? In other words, 

A~roa:PToorCon? 

Con: A Matter of Compassion 
An argument about abortion should be an argument about compassion 

for human life. The question then arises : what is a human life and when 

Pro: The Issue is not "Potential for Life" but ... 
does it begin? . 

We know that from the moment of fertilization, there exists a complete 
cell which is quite aliye; witness the cellular growth within hours after 
fertilization. But is it distinct? Is this cell anything more than a part of the 
mother's body? I believe the central question in the abortion issue is: "Is the outlawing of all abortions a justifiable 

governmental act?" rather than the very 
misleading and often asked question : "When does 

fact that nothing in our prescnt law requires the 
preservation of entities which have the potendal for 
human life, the problem ari:;es of deciding when the 
potential for human life first exists. 

The sperm and ovwn obviously belong to those from whom they derive. 
But when they combine. there exists a different cell. something which is 
derived from two sources. And this cell, allowed to grow and develop will, 
in the normal course of events, become what we recognise as a unique 
human being. The logical conclusion is that, biologically-, it is unique from 
the point of conception. 

life begin?" 
It is generally agreed that all persons should have 

the right to do what they want as long as they don't 
harm other members of the society. Since an 
abortion doesn't directly harm any " being" other 
than the fetus, with abortion the question is: "In 
what sense can a fetus, before it can survive outside 
of its mother, be considered to be a member of 

If it exists a t conception, it seems that it certainly 
must exist a few seconds before conception actually 
occurs. And what about when a couple is alone in a 
room? (Being alone isn't actually required.) Cer-
tainly the potential exists for a new human life to 
result from such a situation. But is a couple which 
refrains from having sex for nine months to be 
condemned for the murder of a potential baby? 
Unless the religious view that God has proclaimed 
the potential for life to begin with conception i s 
adopted, I don't see how the potential for life 
argument can be used against abortion without also 
being used against any couple which doesn't 
produce a baby ev,:ry nine month.'!. 

But is it hwnan? After all, human beings are in some sense rational and 
social beings, whereas a fetus merely exists. I would argue, however, that 
the potential (or humanity is there. Only allow it time, and this individual 
will become humanized to its full potential. It must, then, be considered 
and treated as human. 

society?" 
The religious answer to this question seems to be 

that at some point during conception the sperm and 
the ovum acquire in the eyes of God the charac-
teristic we call buman life (which implies mem-
bership in the society) and so all abortion should be 
banned since in the eyes of God abortion is 

But then is it a person? A person is defined by his relationships in 
society; the active exercise of his humanity. By this definition the fetus is 
not a person and therefore not terribly important. 

But this means that we are placing achievement abouve potentiality. If 
we are to be consistent with this, then nobody would bother raising 
children, who have achieved nothing of consquence to society. The dif-
ference between a developing fetW3 and a small child (or a freshman at 
college) is only a difference in development of potentiality; they are not 
of a different kind. I must conclude that what is capable of being a person 
must be treated as a person, and not casually "disposed of" as an un-
welcome intruder. This is compassion for the weak and defensless, surely 

equivalent to murder. 
Anyone IS ot course entitled to hold this belief. I 

cannot see, however any justification for the formal 
adoption of this religious view by a supposedly non-
sectarian government. The process leading to the 
formation of a baby is a long and complicated 
sequence of events, and at what point in the 
sequence you choose to say that life "begins" is, I 
think, completely arbitrary and therefore 

In both cases a baby which could have come into 
existence has been prevented from doing so. 

I think the important stage in the sequence of 
events leading to a baby's birth is the stage at which 
a fetus can survive outside of its mother. It is at this 
point that the fetus can be considered to be a 
member of society independenUy of its mother, (its 
remaining in its mother simply being a matter of 
convenience. ) 

an idealto strive for. '.-
But what about the prospective mother, who may see abortion as a 

solution to a dilemma, perhaps in response to a rape? We must have 
compassion for her and the life which she wants to lead. She. too, is a 
person. I would say that if an uninterrupted pregnancy threatened the life 
of the mother, a physician would be justified in removing the fetus and 
thus preserving as much human life as he could. Perhaps also, in the case 
of rape, if the mother could not find it possible to consider this new in-
nocent as her own, if she felt that it would destroy her life as she knew it, 
abortion could be l·ustified. 

irrelevant to the whole abortion issue. Thus governmental restrictions on what is done to 
the fetus after this point are completely justifiable. 
Before this point however, I don't see how govern-
mental interference in the affairs of a mother can 
be justified. _ Brian ORvis 

Sometimes it is said that the potential for life 
exists from the time of conception onwards and that 
once this potential exists, nothing should be done to 
stop the potential from being realized. Besides the 

Con: "A Life is a Very Precious Commodity" But what abOu convenience'!' Should one person's convenience out-weigh another's life? And should service to one life I1lin another? A great deal of compassion is needed here. I would recommend counseling as an 
option to abortion; recormnending adoption for instance. But each case is 
individual and should be decided by the woman and whoever she seeks 
counsel from. 

A child is such a precious and 
important part of our society. Why 
should we destroy the hope for the 
future? Each child, who is placed 
upon this earth by God, has the 
right to live his or her life to the 
fullest, as decreed by God. When I 
talk ahoot a chi\d being placed on 
earth, I mean that from the 
moment of conception that child is 
a living being and a part of our 

If we allow abortions on demand, 
we may be robbing ourselves of a 
child who has a cure for cancer or 
a solution for our starving world 
locked up inside his or her own 
mind. But, for sure, we will be 
missing the innocence and love of 
that "terminated" c'lild. 

I have heard many excuses for 
killing a child. One 0: these excuses 
is the right of a \I oinen to have 
control over her ~. But what 
about the right of hr-r fhild to live? 
Just because the child cannot 
speak, should we ignore his right:J? 
Because he can't !.cream out, " I 
want to.1ive!" shou' dlNeldllhim? 

We, as mere mcrtpls, have no 
right to take the life ofIa child, born 
or unborn. Then, of t:a,Irse, there is 
the excuse that we aCe doing the 
child a favor by killihg him. Is it 
the child's fault that we have 
produced such a corrupt and 
hungry world? Why should he be 
punished for what we've done? The 
next step is not to kill the child, but 
to make sure that his life is a better 
one. 

Abortion on demand is in the 
same category of COJH>uts as 
suicid . Because we think we have 
an impossible task In front of W3, 

(Le. solving population growth and 
hunger, etc.) we turn to the 
bloodletting of a human life. Also 
because some women can't handle 
or just do not want the child, they 
show their inhumanity and hard-
ness by killing what is part or our 
world. Adoption agencies are filled 
with would-be parents, who want to 
love and care for a child, so no 
one can say that the child will not 
be loved by someone. 

A life is a preciOUS commodity 
and should never be wasted. A 
child is God's gift to our world and 
should be received as such-with 
open arms and loving hearts. 

We need love's tender lesson! 
taught 

All. only weakness can 
God hath His small interpreters 

The child must teach the man. 
-J(lhn Whittier, Child Songs 

• Keith Carter 

Con:When is a Fetus Human? 

Alternatives may be hard to accept for one raised in our "instant-
solution" society, and I can understand in my own limited way the 
dilemma facing a woman who has to make a choice. Abortion is a solutiori 
to the problem but '?In have grave consequences fot the individuals in-
volved and society as a whole. I would urge people .0 come to a rational 
basis for a decision before they have to make one. , -Richard Gabel 

Pro: It's a Woman's Decision 
I have decided that I shall no longer be. silent while the anti-abortion 

forces attempt to brainwash the people of this country. 
Instead of adhering to the facts, these advocates distort the issue by 

The focal point of any discussion about abortion must be the fetus. You quoting the Bible, relying on outdated moral standards and refusing to 
must first decide when the fetus becomes a human being. This is im- use valid medical and scientific evidence in support of their position (if 
portant because the courts and the American public woilld never allow a there is such evidence. ) 
human being to be murdered in such a manner. To do so would be the first Despite what they may believe, abortion is not a religious or moral 
step to euthanasia, infanticide, and genocide similar in scope to Nazi issue, .rather, it is a medical and sociological issue and must be dealt 
Gennany. Unfortunately, this has already begun, and everything must be with on those levels onlv. 
done to reverse the trend. Other facts about abortion should be known. One is that the percentage 

There is explicit biological proof that the embryo is a human being of women surviving abortions is much higher than the percentage of 
{rom the time of conception. The organism resulting from the union of the women surviving pregnancies. Do the anti-abortion advocates have the 
sperm and the egg has s the same genetic and chemical properties it will right to force a woman to take undue risks with her life to give birth to a 
possess after birth. There is absolutely no difference. child she does not want? 

Another argument, claiming viability as the basis of humanity, is ~t us assume for the r.noment that the a!lti-abortion peate ~in out and 
simply ignorant, for it suggests that the idea . ')f humanity is not a priori. t~? becomes a world Without legal abortion. What woul thiS world be 
Each year .. adv~ces in medical science move the ag~ of viability cl~r . lik~ti-abortion films tend to show a lot of gruesome scenes of aborted 
to conceptIOn .. It I.S o~y a matter of years bef?re the smg!e c~1l resulting fetuses. I've seen even more gruesome pictures and heard even grizzlier 
from conception IS VIable. Therefore ,. the logical conclUSIOn IS U~t each tales 01 CnJlllren who were battered, bruised, tortured, maimed, 
pers0':l becom~s a complete human bemg at the moment of. con~e~lon. psychologically abused and killed bv their oarents. 

SaYIng tha~ It would be b~tter t~ a.bort.a fetus t~n to brmg hlID l!lto the Anti-abortion films also ignore other gruesome pictures of women, 
c~uel . w?rld IS, beSides bemg nusdirective and ~releva!1t, a racISt and denied the option of legal abortion, who have trjed to abort their 
dl~c~unmatory stateme~t ~ed. by affluent AmerICa .. It IS an a~em~t. to pregnancies themselves with knitting needles, wire coat hangers and 
elmunate poverty by elimlnatmg (or greatly reducmg) the nunontles even vacuum cleaners or who have soul!ht out the services of butchers 
that are most affected by poverty, paving the way for a white America. who dare to call themselves doctors in order to have an illegal abortion. 

This argument backfires, however. Abortion causes an increase, not a To do as the anti-abortion people tell us would be to take a step back 
decrease, in poverty. Generally the people for whom an infant would mto the ))ark Ages. Abortion is a social reality. No amoWlt of pr:eaching, 
cause financial or emotional hardship cannot afford an abortion. sermonizing and Bible-waving is going to make It go away. 
Statistics show that the majority of abortions done are merely for the Abortion is a medical issue and the decision to have one is a matter to 
convenience of people who can afford a family but who are too lazy or be dealt with by a woman and her physician. No one is forced to undergo 
seUish to extend the time and energy required. or perform an abortion. Neither should one be forced not to undergo or not 

Life is the single most important human value. It is the only thing we perform one. Any ~er course of act!on would bring us back to the days 
can he sure of. The Constitution recognizes the right ot life. It is the most wtM:n women were Ignorant ~nd afraId of their own bodies and men did 
heinous of crimes and sins to purposefully terminate any life. That in- their ~t to perpetuate that Situation. 
cludes terlHiHating t~ life of a human being through abortion. Speakmg as a man, I ask all men and all women to stand up and cry out 

- Daniel Lee Shawler your support of legal abortion and the right for all women to decide for 

Pro: Abortion-Moral Question 
The question of abortion is not a legal question. 
It is not a meclical question. 
It is not a question that can be answered by the masses for the rest of 

the masses. 
It is a moral question. 
And every person has the right-should have the right-to answer his 

own moral questions. 
Abortion is a moral question. 
And every woman in the world has the right-should have the right-to 

make her own decisions about her own body, regardless of her religion, 
economic status or the laws of the land. 

Why do so many people balk at this concept? 
It's that simple : it's that straightforward. 
That's all th r is. -Matt Hinton 

themsleves what is to be done with their bodies. - Bm Wake 

Next PRO/CON: Semestersl 
The question <i a possible return to the semester system has rI.sen 

again. Should the University of California change Its academic year 
from three quarters to two semesters? Should the semester end before 
or after Chrisbnas break '7 

TIle Semester S)'Item: PTo or CoD? 
The Pro/COa column Is written by the UCSD community. Each week 

a topic wlll be submitted for your consideration. We ask that you 
submit your responses in writing by next Friday at 3 p.m. 
Representative samples of your opinIOIL'I wlll be pubUabed the 
foUowlng week. 

Submissions should be typed and double-spaced, on 8 74-space line. 
They should not exceed 1-112 pages in length. 

Friday, November II, 1171 

Revelle Reporter 

Will "Superweek" 
Affect Image? 

by Ran Anbar 
Opinion Editor 

One more new face has appeared 
on Rev~lle campus this year as 
Judith Edwin, straight from an 
administration post at Florida 
International University, takes 

Revelle Assistant Hesldent Dean 
Judith Edwin [TT photo , Bill 
Brooksl . 

over the Revelle Assistant 
Resident Dean post . Before 
initiating programs, Edwin plans 
to " find out what the students are 
like." In trying to achieve this 
goal, she will observe Revelle 
students during "Super-week," the 
tenth week of the qua rter. 

Perhaps the most incredible 
thing about Superweek, as it 
arrives just before finals, is that 
some Revelle students actually 
participate in it. Sponsored by the 

Revelle Program Board, Super-
week will include such activities as 
a fingerpainting contest, earthball 
games, a skateboard contest, a 
Guiness Book of World Records 
record breaking day, and a Friday 
noon concert on the plaza. 

The question is, will Revelle lose 
its title <i Nerdsville USA? 

Revelle College has been 
changing. The Community Center 
has been gaining momentum with 
its projects. Theme hCJIlses that 
pertain to such pursuits as gar-
dening, water sports, and 
language, have sprung up in some 
donns. Career workshops are 
operating all over the campus, and 
perhaps of some importance to 
Judith Edwin, there is a new 
Resident Dean's office. 

Edwin admits that she has been 
told "Revelle students are socially 
immature," and if found to be true, 
she feels that it will be her duty to 
help "correct the problem." 

" Through the mediwn of student 
activities we can increase social 
awareness," said Edwin. "There's 
a lot to gain outside of the 
academic world." 

Edwin has found her first week 
"hectic but enjoyable. to Most of her 
time has been spent organiiing and 
moving into her office, job, and 
apartment. Already she claims to 
love "the environment, the trees 
and the people." 

Perhaps more importantly, she 
even likes the "Revelle" at-
mosphere. " People are willing to 
help," she said. "They're quick to 
say 'hi' and even smile." 
~ ............................. .. i FOURTII CollEGE ' i 
: STudENT GOVERNMENT : 
: CANdidATE ElECTiON t 
,.. .. 

: NoVEMbER 22 ANd 2) : 
,.. .. 

: liST of CANdidATES : 
,.. . 
: CAREERiLifE ,PLANNiNG BoARd : 

~ FreshmM R.presenla"veivol. for 0"1 ~ 
..... Greg BHer '?' 
,.. Sophomore RepresenleUve,..," lor 0 .. ) .. 
,.. ~~~ .. ! Junior Rep,.. ..... " •• 'vot. lor on.) : 
..... Isaac K. HUMg 
,.. Kenzie S. Nicoll ~ 

Senior Represenlallve '.OI. lor onel '?' 
,.. Chery'l Somaovl,. ~ 
,.. I 
,.. . 
,.. Commuter 8o",d ElCecutire 8o.rd Judici.' 8ofll'fl .. 
,.. .. 
,.. (.olelor live ) 'vat. lor twol lvole lor four) .. 
,.. ElI.n Glucksman DIVid Dreh",., Sl .... n Brackler ~ 
,.. Amy HIli SeOIl French Blrry Hymen 1: 
"'- M.rIe Kembl. Janet Grossman Becky Kurlond .r 
..... Derek Horzl Koren Mlynskl ~ 
,.. J.llrey Marils Jell Puchalski • 
,.. 80b Simon Jerry Scr_kl .. 
,.. Peter Stone Burt ToII""a.. .. 
,.. Seolly wu St ... n Walker .. 

,.. ~ 
,.. PrOfr •• Board .. ! Matthews Ca ........ R ...... letlv.( ..... for Iwol : 
..... Rich 8ermudu .. 
,.. Kalhy Ciaril 
"'- ~~~ .. 
:::: Seoll Thom.. .. 
..... Jama. VM Vooran • ! R_II. C .... pu. R.", ... nlet ... ( ..... 1or onel .. 
:::: Meu Ap.tm .. '. "-_let ... (,01. lor _I • 
..... Krf ..... Em M-.cIIIfI · .. 
,.. Com ........ "-_a'''' '001. tor _I .. 
wi. J ..... ".. jo 
..... flobeft o.ap.u '?' 
,.. .rlanK.... .. 
,.. . 
: EDNA -10AM-2pM RtwHE PlAzA 10ue-2pM t 
: FOURTh PROVOST'S Offia 10AM-4JOpM : 

i !:::::~~-J" 
~**~************************ 

I rll •• 'IIIIIf'S 

triton times 
David Elsen - Executlv. editor 

Mark Stadler - Managing editor 
Alan Russell - New. editor 

AleC Nedelman - ASloclat. N_. editor 
Vera Todaro. · Community editor 

Ran Anba< • Opinion editor 
James G_ Soto - Advert llllng MMager 
Becky DeVinney - Production manager 

Sue Nealon -:::Opy editor 
Joel C_ Don - A.soclal. New. edllor 

Sara J . Lowen - Anoela" New. editor 
Seoll Sadll · Sport. edllor 

Tim MacKenzie · Art. editor 
Bill Brooks · ""010 "',or 

The Trilon Times Is published by UCSD 
.tudenl. as an ollicial sludenl 
newspaper. Publlcalion Is on Mondays , 
Wednesdays and Fridays' during the 
regular school yea< ~excepl on official 
holidays). Editorial and business offices 
are Iocaled in Ihe Siudeni Center al Ihe 
Unlversily of Calilornla . San Diego . For 
editorial, call 452·3466; for business and 
display advertising. call 452-3468. 

Lellers to the editor and opinion 
columns are welcomed. All submissions 
mUSI be Iyped and double-spaced on a 
74·space l ine. They should not exceed 1-
1 /2 pages In lenglh . 

Submitted material must bear Ihe 
name and s1udent idenlificalion number 
of Ihe aulhor. Names can be withheld 
Irom publlcal lon on requesl ; however l he 
names wi ll be held on lile lor public 
Inspection. 

The Triton Times reserves the right 10 
edit submissions because of space 
limllalions or sly le requirements . 

Entire conlents copyright 1976, the 
Triton Times. 

····TT··ADS .. ·~ 
ClQssified : 

e Only 25cents : 
with UCSD I.D. : 

• 
••••••••••••••••••••••• 

Semester ... 
they need more time in a course ... 

Throughout the Triton Times 
survey, most faculty agreed that a 
significant difference between the 
two systems is the pace at which a 
course progresses. For some 
faculty, this is a sufficient reason 
for a switch to semester, because 
now "if a person misses one or two 
lectures due to illness he misses too 
much." Others felt this is all part 
of college, and that students have 
to learn to adapt. "Those that can . 
keep up will be tomorrow's 
leaders. Those that can't, won't," 
one said. 

According to one professor, the 
most Significant argument against 
the quarter system is that there is 
" not enough time in a quarter to 
reflect on the course content". 
Learning in college, he said, will 
not come from the rote 
memorization of facts from books, 
but rather from the serious 
reflection about what the facts 
mean. There is not time for this in 
a ten-week course, he concluded. 

Page 3 

A GREAT 
NAME A 

GREAT PRICES 
JHERI REDDING 

ino Pro shampoo 8 oz. $1 .59 
Ie. 'n Honee shampoo 8 oz. $ 1.3 

16 oz. $2.53 ql. $4.20 
Nalure Fresh Cream hair 

cond itioner $1.49 
Blow-styling lotion $1.98 
M i 'Ie.'n Honee hoirsproy$ 1.98 
M ilk' n Honee Beauty Bar $1.1 9 
SPECIAL INTRo. 

for a limited time only - show 
school 1.0 . and 10% off 

VI LLAGE BEAUTY 
SUPPLY 

737 PEARL 
Don't be mlslaken . The address 01 our 
plaza Is on Pearl but our entrance is all 
lhe parl<lng lot on Eads. jus! soulh of 
Pearl. Enter on Eads. we're in Ihe plaza 
wilh Dlck's Liquor & Lord Byron 's 
Cookies_ 

459-0122 

THINKING ABOUT 
GOING TO LAW SCHOOL? 

If you are. you should know that multiple lSAT scores are 
discounted or averaged. To find out why. and to learn how 
you can take advantage of this situation, call us. Learn how 
the lSAT METHOD can help you make your first LSAT score 
your best score.' 
LSAT METHOD is a one day course presented by BAR/ BRI Bar Review 
5900 Wilshire Blvd lI610 
Los Angeles. CA 90036 
(213) 937-3620 

220 McAlister Ave 
San FranCISCo. CA 94102 
(415) 861-6820 

1323 2nd St 
San Dle90. CA 92101 
(714) 236-0623 

IJ( 
IANDllliO 

With over 1000 nights a week, PSA is the most convenient way 
to travel in California. And you" like our low fares, too. Call your 

Campus Rep., Marte L Dana (714) 452-0630 or PSA. 

Ja'dI. ~~-. 

EARN 
THE MBA 
WITH AN 
OU~ISTAfIIIN& 

STUDY WITH THE LEADERS. 

"'111 5 "14Iler Pn 0 -~f'" 
'fo," UI\,~jHJII, N,!oon.' 10\1 
!I'IOftl, 01'1 8'I'IIII"C "'lul" 
Cotlolmn.sl .n TI'1t Amen 
UII ""UI; Aulher. COI"~\lt 
'dlnl M\d Adlf,Sl)r 10 b.nh 
State &I'd ftdtl~t .&a'''ClU 
"roftsSCI of 91,1\,11'5\ Ad 
m,rll\!t, r,on 

5 C;eorlt VI, It,\ Pn 0-
Ntw YOIIt. UI'II.I"I"I) rClllT1fl 
lOP orpoule Heru!, ... ' 
It,d., '1'1 C:lutl~t M .. ""f· 
'tn' P"M,,., de.tlope, Of 

Ih. ,rfloor, ,,",o .. 1! Inltt 
'111'1' 11("'al M,I",1ael",II! Pro-
«ram 'ul"lor Profu!ol ot 
Bu'>''''u Ai;lt'l',I",51·.lIcn IllADUATE 

FACULTY AT 
RUTGERS 
"One of America's 

top Graduate Schools of 
Business Administration." 

From II Guide 10 E .tfCul'l·. Educa tIOn 
in Bu mess IV~eh A1ago..zme 

" /.IOItfI'" II Melill Ph I) 
londl)ll Un'Wfl~lt, Int •• 

11,110",11 , Iano",,, ("llIlIeit 
Ps),choIOI'SI author It 
hittr .I\d (Oft, .. II'ftl Slit (,,,11,1 In ludtnJ'I,p be'" 
..,.et Ind 'Hot!lt~' 01 II"', 
(ul lu r,1 fQtnIftUllill;l.I'Q'" 
P,oIIUO' Of O,un".t,oPl 
fJf'h .... o, 

M ,w Opp"nflt!'" Ph 0 
Pol,tlcllnl. '"$1ltull of 
8'ool 'y" 'It( ,0,11'''' 01 lilt 
ft.d1tr I ttlt Yur "' .... f(l 
"UUIC" 'I'd PUl!llltltIO"~ 
,n '''llrt""I.ul "Olllm 

~II" ud CrUll ThUll' 
MI,"bt', ~.ot:., I, 01 Women 
["llnU" Illd O.tlltlons 
flulI'.u(h Sot-Ilft, of Am., 11., lu.sl,l'I' P,.leuor .1 
8uu",", "(lm,",\I"I'o" 

Rutgers, The tate University, 
offers you an opportunity to 
study with one of the nalion's 
most distinguished faculties in '-1 -0-------=--------. 
management education -
whether a a full-time or part- I 1 
time student. The Rutgers 1\ RJUTjGERS .. ___ _ 
MBA program is one of three I ~ _ 
in the N.Y. Metropolit:.n Area • 
accredited by the American As- I IIU1"GERS UN IVERSITY 
sembly of Callegiate Schools of I Gradual.School.,n ... in. Administr.IiOj\ 1 
Business. I !12 N .... St .... t, New.rIc. .J . ')7102 

Trimester tudy pto,ram . I 1'1 ...... nd .... ,ull Inlormohon on Y."" • 
Full·time admisaions June and I M.nA p"'fllram_ 
September. Part· timeadmis- I N' .... ________ _ 
sions September and February. I Md 1 

Collt .. "i~,,' IOc(Ul(Ht, 0" <*r {IIn.vrk I 
Clm", •• Itd I" t"~ Nftil Bru",wtck ~rff Cit, 'e IIp_ 

__ .. ______ .. · ••••• _1 

, 



...... 

: ... ~--.--.--.--.--.--.--.--.--.---.--.,-,-.--.-.. 

November 19 8:30pm 
UC San DIego G,lm 

UCSD Students IS. 50 
General AdmIssIon $4.50 

Tickets: UC San DIego Box OffIce 452-4559 

CPB Presents 
Saturday Night Films 

November 20, 7:00pm 
USB 2722 
$1.00 

"Wild 

J'::~"l:./:r. ~ee) SO<Me:\t-i~ 
-J<;:. c:.~eer W\ e. vp .. . I 
3-'~s.:; :Ii r ";:)0 ~ 1t.., e. 

Strawberries" 
and 

Be '3 ~'" "'" 0111 ~ -;. ... 

"Smiles of a 
Summer Night" 

Bergman 's brilliant style and 
structure are captured here in two 
classic films. 

WILD STRA WBERRIES is the 
widely acclaimed account of a 
doctor 's Journey through a com-
pelling landscape of dream and 
memory. Richly visual and 
startling dramatic, it's a cinematic 
landmark. 

SMILES OF A SUMMER 
NIGHT is a Cannes Film Festival 
A ward winner. This rollicking 
comedy is a classical exercise in the 
spicy sport of partner swapping. ..... •• ~~~-

::5~ __ 

friday Night film This Week Is "The Devil in Miss Jones' 
. Sponsored By The Rugby Club 

· IN CONCERT AND BEYOND 

1~~rr[M 
Tn~·SQ~~·~rHAI"Slnt·SAMt 

STA RTS TODA YI 
FI'IEE PARKING 

"Cousin, Cousine" is 
French Crepe Comedy 

by Margaret Hewey 
aad Mark Stadler 

. without guilt. Two cousins by , 

Coulin, Coullne, generally 
speaking, is a French family ' 
circus, in which a horde of cousins 
meet en masse at marriages, 
funerals and parties. They get 
drunk, they try to have fun in 
diversions from the drudgery of 
everyday life. 

Specifically, Director Jean-
Charles Tacchella focuses his film 
on a sensuous affaire d'amour 

Boston :A 
Short But 
Sweet Show 

Friday night at Golden Hall, San 
Diegans were treated to one of the 
hottest new bands to come out for 
some time ... Boston. A new band 
from the city of Boston who have 
been taking the rock scene by 
storm. 

Led by the surprisingly com-
petent Tom Scholz, an MIT 
graduate with a masters degree in 
Mechanical Engineering, on lead 
guitar and Barry Goudreau on 
vocals, Boston put together a very 
satisfying though somewhat short 
set. 

Boston performed several tunes 
from their debut albwn including, 
" More Than A Feeling," " Piece of 
Mind", and "Smokin' ... 

Listeniitg to Boston, one hears 
fragments of the Doobie Brothers 
incorporated into their original 
music, but their own sound is quite 
distinctive if not particularly in-
novative. 

Boston shows promise of 
becoming a quite popular group 
providing they alleviate one 
problem: that of lead vocals. 
Barry Goudreau does a fine job, 
but his voice becomes slightly 
tiresome. The group needs some 
variety in local vocals and 
providing that they make some 
changes, Boston could go far. 

Opening the show, in place of 
scheduled Spirit, and barely worth 
mention, were an all girl group of 
teenage rockers from Los Angeles 
called The Runaways. Headed by 
eighteen-year-old Cheri Curry, The 
Runaways made a futile attempt at 
high energy, sexually suggestive 
rock and roll. Hindered by poor 
harmonies and a lack of basic 
musicianship. The Runaways are 
far from ready to play before a 
crowd of discerning rock fans. 

marriage, Marthe (Marie-
Christine Barrault) and Ludovic ' 
(Victor LanoUJ:) , meet at a wed-
ding and lightheartedly proceed to 
engage in a relationship. Both are 
married, both are free spirits. 

In fact, they resemble the 
children in the film, who are more 
aware of " adult matters" than are 
the adults. The children smile 
knowingly at the adult goings-on 
and are amused with their aHirs. 

As Francois TraHaut has said, 
" Children are in a state of grace." 
Marthe and Ludovic definitely are-
-they plunge into their romantic 
diversions with the innocence and 
poise of the very young. 

Throughout the film they indulge 
and splurge like small children : a 
visit to a patisserie to sate them-
selves with sweets and delicacies; 
playing hooky from their jobs to go 
swinuning ,leaving their spouses to 
make love in a hotel room, then 
tatooing each other with children's 
color pens and playfully washing 
each other clean in the bathtub; 
ducking their spouses at a wedding 
just for kicks; making love in a 
back bedroom during midnight 
mass at a family gathering. 

Through a reversion to 
childhood, Ludovic and Marthe 
rise above the tragedies of modern 
life, which haunt their other 
cousins and in the end flee on 
Ludovic's motorcycle, leaving 
family and responsibilities behind. 

Cousin, CousiDe is made to look 
even more romantic and cheerful 
by the use of sunny, light-drenched 
film shots. This is very apparent in 
a poolside shot with sunlight 
floating in behind Marthe and 
Ludovic, 

Absurd circus music sets the 
tone well, emphasizing the 
ridiculous quality of the gathering 
families. It also plays ' up the 
clownish drollness of the two 
lovers. 

Although the film is as thin and 
light as French crepes, it's a fun 
escape. Director Tacchella filters 
out all the guilt and consequences 
of Ludovic and Marthe's actions. 

The two heroes play their roles 
charmingly: Marie-Christine 
Bautrault is serene and Madonna-
like as Marthe, and Victor Lanoux 
is amusing and suave as Ludovic. 
Together they make a very sweet 
and sensuous couple. Their fling is 
the piece de resistance of Cousin 
Cousloe and leaves the viewer 
feeling satisfied and charmed. 

Cousin, CousiDe Is now playing at 
the Center 3 Cloemas in Mission 
Valley. 

;:presi4iential campaigns. 
concert, which will be free and 

':la'CUllIV member William Brooks. 

Cherry 
"Pleasant, 

It has been written that an actor once 
Chekhov, author of THE CHERRY 
realistic," replied the actor. "K4~ustJd 
stage is art, ... (it) reflects the QUulte!ll 
anything superfluous on to it." 

Chekhov despised the search for 
anything but realistic. And yet, on 
danger exists in producing Chekhov 
ideals for the stage, or one will more 
theatre. . 

Director Author Wagner has 
production of THE CHERRY 
aspired. Unfortunately, he and his 
time. 

In a play like THE CHERRY vU"'UI'U 
gloom is drawn so thinly, even 
between the two motifs, as if. corlfU!~ 
comedy vanishes. The show Decomes 

The scenic and lighting elements 
wood stage, wirtHIcrim screens, 
establi$h the perfect setting in Im~It!Nd.II 
into a grave yard in Act II is 
stones and a length of fence, 
wire-scrim screens create by imlPlic:ath 
effective. 

The actors-each strong players 
tegrating themselves into the total 
[rom ' differences in acting styles. 
correctness within the context of the 

Julie Sullivan as Dunyasha, ('In·;';t,"" 
Yepikhodov provided the most 
displayed an ease with the Russia 
itself. And there were moments of 
unexpected. 

will highlight a "Grand Concert" 
Concert Choir. 

the Mandeville Auditorium, will 
John Cage which, according to 

audienCE for performance." 
Tippecanoe and Tyler, too, 

My Pa, from the 1888 CCU:IIP~llgn. 
and photographs from U~I'lnll" ',. 

Misses: 
Striking" 

use of off-stage sound effects to Anton 
" asked Chekhov. "Because it's 
r.hl·khl~v laughing, aod then, "The 

. and there is no need to introduce 

theatre. Consequently, his plays are 
certa inly appear realistic. A great 

must strive to fulfill the author's 
bring to blossom a very bad piece of 

a serious attempt with UCSD's 
the level of art to which Chekbov 

make their goal only some of the 

the dividing line between comedy and 
Many moments in the play hang 
belo~in~ to either. Much of the 

not striking. 
closely to Chekhov's ideals. A naked-

. (which reminds one of a harp ) 
translation of the Nursery of Act I 
with a few representational grave 

projecting leaf patterns on the 
orchard. Sparse and to the point: 

varying degrees of success at in-
of the production's ambiguity came 
was not so much a factor as was 

as Trofimov, and John Houston as 
performances. All the actors 

which is'a conunendable feat in 
activity, special in their own right, 

Theatre 
does not achieve its full potential, but 

,rocluc1:ion moves nicely and wil more-
H is a solid example of good 

to see one of the masterpieces of the 

ColOR filM 

• rl ••••• IIIM'S 

tim mackenzie 

Station To Station 
Don't be deterred by those snooty, high brow rock critics who happen to 

like Yes. You owe it to yourself toaee the Runaways. 
I'm sure you all know by now that the Runaways are a rock band 

comprised of five Los Angeles area nymphs; Ch-Cb-Ch-Ch-Cherie Currie 
on lead vocals, Uta Ford and Joan Jett on Guitars, Jackie Fox on Bass 
and Sandy West on drums. Are those names for real? 

Believe what you want to, but these girls were made to play rock and -
roll. As Currie says, "I've always loved mualc and singing. I've always 
wanted to be on stage. Being In front of an audience is exciting and 
fulfilling." But is it as exciting and fulfilling as her sex life? Only her 
manager knows for sure. 

At last Frida)16 soldo()ut Golden Hall performance (with headlining 
Boston) the Runaways demonstrated that they are indeed ~uch more 
effective in person than they are on disc. No big accomplishment you 
say? To that my retort is bunk. 

The Runaways 

These girls are 17 and 18 year olds, and they act~allr pl~y their own 
instruments in a very competent manner. Lead gUltaflSt Llta Ford has 
unquestionably been attending the Ritchie Blackmore sCh?01 of thun-
derous riffs while drummer Sandy West lays down a very solid backbeat. 
But the foc~l point of the Runaways stage show is Cherie. Curry, the hi.gh 
kicking, ass wiggling lead singer. Did you see that G,:strmg and the fish 
nets she wore during her anthem " Cherry Bomb? Now tell me how 
many 17 year olds you know who've been on stage under those cir-
cumstances? . 

But the key to the Runaways is their sexually oriented teenage musIc. 
The band's debut albwn, appropriately entitled "The Runaways," is f~ 
of it (sexual music; that is) . Lyrics like " I'm gettin' so hotn'm cookm' 
like an· oven" and "have ya, grab ya "till y6u're sbre" do nothing to 
discourage their image as rock and roll's youngest prick teasers. 

Their description of themselves is best summed Ull in the sollJ{ "The 
Queens of NOise." As guitarist Joan Jett comments, " I s~rted out 
playing guitar to all my rock records because nobody thought girls could 
play rock. I've loved loud music since the first time I heard it." And 
while their music is very basic and repetitive, the Runaways are as 
much a legitimate rock band as say, Led Zeppelin. 

As Jett said from the stage of The Starwood, "We understand that there 
are some famous rock and rollers in the audience. Well, we just wanna let 
you know we're hot on your heels." 

.......... -..... . 

Rod Stewart's single, "Tonight's The Night," remains banned .on 
~u one of the most important AM radio chains in the country, despite 
Waro'er Brothers editing out the offending line, "spread your wings and 
let me come inside ... 

From London stewart told Rolling Stone : "The funniest thing about it 
. being banned is'that when the BBC.banned the sO!lg.1ast summer, I spid 

they'd never ban it in the States. I did put me foot In 1t. .. Well, not exac.tly 
me foot." The BBC actually okayed the tune for weekend and evenmg 
play and withdrew the partial ban when the song hit the top ten. . 

RKO President Dwight Case said: " I pulled it personally. The lYriCS 
were a litUetoo obvoiusfor me." 

IUCSD DRAMA DEPARTME'NT PRESENTS 
Two M.F.A. STudio PROdUCTiONS 

YERMA 
DECEMbER 1, J ANd ~ AT 8:00pM 

FEdERico CARciA LORCA'S TRAGic MASTERpiECE 

NEXT TIME 
-

I'LL SINe TO YOU 
DECEMbER ' 2 ANd 4 AT 8:0f:JPM, 
DECEMbER , AT 2:00pM 

AN OUTRActEOUS COMEdy by JAMES SAUNdERS 

All Tlcllttl .. $1.08 
Iy ........ UCSD .......... Tlcht OffIce 

MoIIHy.Frw.y, ...... 4 ... 

PageS 

l1~W )Jll1 
• ONEGSHABBAT 

rOTLUCK DINNER 
Dancing, Singing, Service 

FRIDAY, NOV. 19. 6:30 PM . NORTH CONFERENCE ROOM ' 
Come and Celebrate the Sabath with us 

Bring ~o,,' favorite J.sraeli Dish or DHS#rt 

Everything you always wanted to 
know about Clwpin, Liszt 

and Berlioz. . . 
MUSic OlthQ 19th Century 

MuSic 119 
CeCil Lytle, Instructor 

A critical study of European Art Music produced during the 
Romantic Period. Stress will be placed on the rise of nationalism 
and its effect upon the music. 

•.• But were afraid to ask! ! ! 
. I Tues/Thurs. ~~!l!.!!!!!. Non-Majors. Music 11 A, B. C. or consent 04 nslructor Mandeville Center 

or consent of Instructor 

Tiffinanny~s,--....... 
S2 .25 Maximum 

Unusual 
Sandwiches 

for 
Unusual 
People 

()pl'lIl'\"l: r~ ' day 10:*) , \~l . ~H)() Pl\I 
(mHO La Jolla BinI. 4;:;9-fi4aa 

... rf ......... c •• ln UCSD That ... (IWg. 203 MaHhewl Campus) 
Dtct ...... , 2, 3, 4 tit 1:00pm and Dec.mlter 4 at 2:00pm 

Tickets $2.00 -UCSO Theatre Ticket Office 
Mon.frl12:OO·4:OO 



~.---l 
, 
I 983lndl. 
( 327 F St.-eet , 
l PAYSDONORS ( 
f for Service ;,' .. 
f Mon . . Fri . 
t 233-5481 ; 
i 234·4601 i 
.. ~~." .. ~ .. ~.~~" .. " ...... , 

I The biggltst selection 
anywherE . In the most 
colors an j /l izes. We've 
got it. All in one place. 
Ours. Fal into tne GillJ 
today. 

..... enVOY 
MISSION VALLEY 

triton time8 
, 

The III-starred Eighties 
(CPS)-If you think things are 

bad now, just wait until the next 
decade- it looks worse, a well-
known group of stargazers is 
warning. 

"A lot of astrologers are worried 
about the 1980s," says Robert 
Hand, a member of the National 
Council for Geocosmic Research. 
" We don't know what is going to 
happen." 

The problem, it seems, is that the 
planets are heading into an 

unusual alignment in 1980, that is 
similar to the alignment they were 
in during World War II. This 
alignment, which occurs every 20 
years, also bodes ill for presidents, 
since it is during this astro 
arrangement that the chief 
executives have been kicking the 
bucket in office. 

The . National Council for 
Geocosmic Research claims it is 

. trying to remove " mwnb&-jwnbo" 
from the ancient craft of astrology . 

Canon 
Nov. 20 

lOam 
to 

4pm, 
Come By And Talk To The Camera Pros 

Boh Davis ('ampra Shop 
;; I; 1.1\ • ( .1 ./ 01101 \','1; ;:,-, 

I Found It You Can Too 
You Can Too 

at 
Winzer Conunons 

BSB-Matthew8 Campus 
November 12 7pm 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 
• Third College Progrom 800rd Sponsors • 

:TItiRd : 
:CoLLEGE BowLiNG NiGItT : 
• J GAMES ONLy Sl.~O • 
: SUNdAY NOVEMbER 21 7-9pM • 

Free Transportation 
• Only 80 spaces available 
.[open only to Third College faculty, staff 
• and students] 
• 

Pacific Beach Bowl on Gamet 
Sign up NOW at Third College 

• office, MC 412 
• Trophies are on display at the office. 
• No EJCperience Necessary·Jus' For fun • 
•••••••••••••••••••••• 

Want to be different? 
T's with "eye" appeal 

Choose one that fits your style 
Super Selection Hand·painted uT" shirts 

at $495 each 
The 

2226 Avenida de La Playa 
La Jolla Shores 

454-'112 
Open 10-5 Tuesday thru Sunday 

Blouses - Skirts - Jeans - Shirts 
Jumpsuits - Pantsuits 

Etc. 

Women's Field H~key 
Forces Tie with Pomona 

By Dave Cobea 
Staff Writer 

UCSD field hockey is corning 
around. Tuesday, the Tritons had it 
out with Cal Poly Pomona, battling 
the visitors to a 1-1 tie. The Tritons, 
coming off a 10-0 thrashing of Point 
Lorna and a 2-2 tie with Mesa, 
played their best ball of the season 
in forc Ing the tie. 

Cal Poly led off quickly with a 
goal on a fifteen yard slap shot and 
appeared to be in control 
throughout the first half. Although 
most of the action transpired in the 
UC end of the field, the Tritons did 
not allow a goal. "The defense is 
really good, but the offense could 
hack us up a IitUe better," said 
':oach Lynn Gola at half time. 

Aggressive Play 
They got their back up in the 

person of Amy Cheshire whose 
aggressive play paid off in a 
second half goal, tying the game at 
1-1. 

From this point on neither of· 
fense could generate anything else 
as the defenses took over. Kathy 
Connors was excellent in guarding 
the Triton goal, blocking many 
shots which would have won the 
game for Gal Poly. The Tritons 
successfully checked the Cal of· 
fense at mid·field for the 
remainder of the game as the tide 
of the game switched in UCSDs 
favor. 

But' time ran out as neither team 
could tally a score. The Triton 
defense played well, in checking 
Cal., as did the offense in scoring 
the tying goal. 

The season is winding to a close 
for the field hockey team, a team 
which has shown immense im-
provement over the course of the 
season. They play their last home 
game on Nov . 18th against 
Palomar. 

Cross Country Places Sixth 
At District Championship 

The UCSD cross country team has proven once and for all that it can 
compete in the tough NAJA district 111. 

In the championship meet held last Saturday in La Mirada, the Tritons 
finished sixth out of a total of fourteen teams, putting together their best 
efr ort of the season. 

Doug Jacobson aga in finished in top position for the Tritons. His time 
of 27 minutes and 4i seconds was not good enough to place him on the all· 
District team yet was enough for twenty seventh place overall. 

Team Efforl 
Alan Bernath was next to hit the tape [or the Tritons. He finished in 

t hirty fourth place overall with a time of 28 ;24. Following close behind 
were Kevin Young (28: 47-38th place), Jon Halperin (29 ;0:>-4Oth place) and 
Chris Pritchard (29; 41-47th place ). Non scoring finishers for UCSD were 
Danny Ugale (29 :52) and Ron Bourret (36 ;10) . 

It was a team effort for the Tritons. Halperin , Pritchard and Ugale all 
ran their best times of the season. In fact, it was Halperin's effort that 
secured s ixth place for UCSD. He improved his time by 40 seconWl which 
placed him high enough to edge out Cal Lutheran's third man. The 
margin separating sixth place San Diego and seventh place Cal Lutheran 
was a slim three points . 

The Distric t meet marks the closing of the 1976 cross country season 
and the beginning of the 1976-77 track season. Coach Andy Skief held the 
fi rst track and field meeting Thursday. 

~ 

MAChiNES 

~ 
--: Q -

::.. /'" 
o 

rr?:.~~~~~--.-.._ 
..",... .. - " 

UCSD STudENTS 
fOR AS LiTTlE AS ~ 299 

you CAN "GO TO !9WN" ON A 
MOTORbikE. COMMUTiNG is fuN iN AiR 

CONdiTiONEd STyLE. BE ONE of TIlE fiRST 
TO LEAVE PARkiNG pRobLEMS bEhiNd. 

BVy 

2226 A' ..... de IAI PIIy. 
IAI J .. 511 .... , 

1_·5,_ T .. sMy til ... s.Ny 
454-9112 

RENT 

Friday, Novemller D, lJ7I triton time8, Page 7 

TRiTON 'ClAssifiEds SKI·SKI·SKI·SKI· SKI Join the UCSD Ski Club for 8 7 day Skl·fest In Cresled Butte, ColoradO Dec . 11 -18 $159 Includes tran ... partallon , li fts, lodging and all the fun you can handle . For Info. contact Renee. Call ext. 
. 4038. (1 2/6) 

Having a party? Crystal the Cosmic Clown 
Will paint faces , perform magic, music , and 
rainbows I 753-8109 (11124) 
Tu dat Gomez hoo no mezz aroen··suck It 
huevos , worm. munchee our crusteez , 
OZ ... Wheez ... drool. .. reefa ... l ... ..1 fou-. ..1 SKIIS: Hexcel 210; K2-3 207; Hart fr_ tyl. " The Grealer Way of Freedom" How to MT ANU MI 190 Bindings; K2 boots, Lange boot •. ~3- <NIster Freedom on all levels . Fridays 7:30 7367. Muir Biology Bldg tl03 FREE. PERSONAls LOST - Small black address book . rOlJnd 

Muir or Mandeville. Lost on t lI1 2/ 76. PI_sa 
Call Jon al 755-8299. 

REWARD: Lost , opal ring Friday Nov. 12 In 
pal Girls bathrooon belween 6-7 p.m. any 
inlo contact Lori 274- t 868. 

FOUND cal . Oranoe & White, Persian & 
Tabby lema Ie . Whi te flea COllar. Call 453· 
2745. 

LOST: Pair 01 glasses . Mon In USB2622. 
Return to n ollice . 

leOUSiNG 
MIF roommate needed to share 4 Bdrm. 
House in Cardiff w /3 males Stoo mth . Avlb . 
NoW 753-7621. 

Wanted: Male to share rm In Lg 2 BR Del Mar 
apt nsmkr 1 blk to Beach & Coast Cruiser, 
pool. $65 . 755-6317. 

Room In Del Mar Home. Close to bus & 
beach. S75/month incl utilities·no kitchen 
prlvlledges . 755·8478 . 

1 F to share rm In 3 bdrm hOe In Del Mar. 'h bt 
10 beach. Starts Wnt r Otr. Furn . $90 & 'A utll, 
non-smoker. 75!>-3218 (11/22), 
Male needed to share 2 bdrm ap t at Del Mar 
Beach Club. Starts winter quarter. 755-69t4 
(11 / 24) 

Own room wllh bath In 2Br2 'h Bth Cando . 2 
ml to UCSD. Tennis & pOOl. Now or next Olr. 
$125 & 'h uti I. 453-5937. 

HELP! If you woutd like to move on Campus, 
ptease call me. I must sell my contract now· 
DaVid 453-7863 . 

Looking for outgoing girl to share my house 
2nd Q. 'h block Irom beach In Leucadia. S90. 
m. & utll . call 436-4407 7-9 p.m. Tues.-Thur. 

. (11/ 29) 

Roommate needed for 2 bd, 2 bt apt. $110 & 
eleel. Non·smoker only. Call for more In fo. 
278-1940 Brian. 

Alln Do you need on campus housing for 
Wntr·Spr. quarters? Call 453·7407 ask for 
Fred & make $t O Drms, Mesa's. f l l/29) 
Female needed for great beechOUH In Del 
Mar · )acuzzl , pool, Sl 15. Call 481-0261 or 
277-8409 (11/19) 
Huge furnished room lor rent telephone, 
heated pool , private bath , kitchen privg and 
utilsonly $135276-7687 (t l It 9) 
I MUST BREAK MY USA APT CONTRACTI 
Need M or F to IIIke my contract. PteMe 
contact Alicia 453-7020 - 463-3847 (11 / 24) 

. fOR SAlE 
Lange Sk i Boots. Size 10V, . M. Devils. Used 
once . $100. Aft. 6 pm . 75!>-4259. (11 / 19) 
TICKETS. Eric Clapton Nov. 20 Floor 4th Row 
Center . Cell 262·3932. (1 1 119) 
U.S. Diver Nylon II Dive Sut . Used once . New 
SI58 . Must 11811 Sl10 / best oller. call 755-
0793 nights l or Warren (11/19) 

Motobecane Grand Record Bicycle, 23 lbe, 
24'~". Reynolds frame, more, good con-
dition, 1220 Ron 452-{)379 (11 / 19) 

'65 Ford. Custom radial tires, 70,000 miles, 
e.cellent condition. S8OO lofter. Student 
must sell 45~0979 (11/22) 
'73 Chev Vega Station Wagon. 27 mpg & roof 
rack , optional stereo, only $t 03O. 755-08t6 or 
565,3957 Rob (11/22) 
SIOO lor table model t9" color T.V. Works 
11n8. QOod piclure. Come see . Bill 753-7621 . 

Crab I ice infest' 
even the 

nicest .people 

IIOMIIHS 
CHAltlCE 

ON COITACT 
• Special comb 

included 
• Without a 

prescription 
at. Drug Stores . 

Ol.on Stereo· Cassette tape deck recorder & 
playerS45. 755-8478. 
Ski Boots-Two pa irs avallabl •. Both 71/21 . 
$1 5 ea pair . One I. Heuke plastic . 

o\lumlnum tank. Make offer. Call : 753-2768 
(11/29) 
Mags for Flats, Western Mags. Including 

' caps, lug bolts and mlgard locks $75.00. Call 
284-4983 after 5. 
Ski Pants for male 5'10" to 6'2" brand new. 
Paid 545, yours for S20. Call 453-6768 ask for 
Dan Morton . 
Peavey 400 PA-6 ch, effects, reverb, 412H 
speakers . Must sell . Make offer. 48t ·0367 
(11122) 
FRAMPTON and TOWER OF POWER 
Tlckels . Exc. seal s. Call 452-9343 
Guitar: Juilian steel string acoustic. $250 or 
Irade. Has 3-plece rosewood. pearl Inlay, 
greallone! 753-8109 (22/24) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Siudents in lend ing to enroll in Muir 20. 
AdVanced College Writing , Winler quarter 
should note thaI a department stamp Is 
required and that sections vary in content 
and emphasis . For information and slgn·up. 
come to the Mu ir Writ ing Program Office. 
1254 H· l, (11/17) 

The Headkeeper Weekend Club has 
rescheduted the Rae, Rich, and Kevin 
concert . It wltl bean Sun ., ~Iov . 216:00pmat 
Matthew Cafe. 

WANTEd 
Top Dollar paid for U.S. Silver coins minted 
belore 1965. Also buying old U.S. coins. Call 
Ken 755-7371 (12/6) 
We are a publishing firm looking lor good 
typisls 10 train as typesetters II you can type 
45 w.p.m . are ace rate, and can take lIeXlble 
hours , you may lit Ihe bill. Call 436-3747. 
(t2/5) 
UCSD stop smokl~g clinic is lookong for 
people who really want to quit Call 452-3003 
days or 755-41601270-6722 eves or write CI~ 
Dept 01 Psych Include name and phone 
number. You can stop forever I (1216) 
Electric gUitarist Into R&R to give me lessons 
In my N Co. home. Will pay wetl. Jim 452· 
3860/755-0936. 
Need used skaleboard paris - will pay 
cash-Call 453-7788. 
Homegrown 3 will pay for copy in good 
condition. Rick 453-6785. 

TRAvEl 

If the digits on your UCSD 10 card add up to 
30 to 45 carnegie A-440 wlli give you a free 
Chocolate mousse with any food purchase. 

Many books at 1/2 or less & inexpensive 
Oddities Fine books bought & sold E. Libris 
Bookstore In Solana Beach 755-7323. 
OX-LY-WW 
Honey B. One year since that magical, 
mystical evening Come, lets celebrate AO 

o T. (the sweet IIltle girl In Tioga stairwell) I 
love only you Run by again?1! Your hand. 
same logger 
Want to lind out what it IS? call 292-8000. II 
you're alrald your roommmate will hear you. 
use a payphone. (11/22) 

COPY SHOPS 

SERViCES 
Skyers! Get your skils tuned & in shape Hot 
wax $I SO/uP . tune-up S4 / up. Call Alan 755. 
2543 keep trying 
Tune Up Discount prices all work 
guaranleed Call fo r a free 
diagnOSis /estimate (alter 5 p.m ) 4539"3 
(11/29) 
SEX & THE PINBALL MACHiNE Lesson 
4-golng 10 shoot again I Wotten by 
FBG &E.C 
Clown Classes lMake up , mime, magic. 
puppetry. funl R<:asonable rates Adulls and 
children. Crystal 753-8t09 (1 1124) 
Zen SllIlngs t 21 0 M·F. Mandevi lle B13O. For 
Info call Larry at 453-8018 (111 29 ) 

XEROX COPIES 
NO MINIMUM 

IlIARNY MESA 3 cents with Student 10 
NIGHT BEACH RIDE for Horseback Riding 
Ctub Members ONLY. NO'illmber 29, at 5;30 
PM at the La Jolla Farms Stables . RSVP ~2-
9791 , Karen Eckert. Advance payment (S4.00) 
must be received by Karen Eckert not later 
than Monday, November 22. Beach ride is 
limited to members who have ridden with lhe 
Club on previous outings. 

Full Service Travel Agency. All carriers In-
cluding chartersl American Youth Hostel 8333 Cla iremont Mesa BlVd. 
cards availabte. Call Beryel or Sam at TMT Phone 560-9002 
452-1981. NO SERVICE CHARGE! (1216) ;;=;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; 

Attention Interested Revelle students : RCCA 
is accepting appllcallons lor the election 
board . App ly in The Community Center by 
11/19. 
Earth Science 120 (Optical Mineralogy) will 
be ollered Winter Ouarter (instead of Spring 
Quarter as usually scheduled) . The ctass will 
be held on Tuesday and Thursday from 2:()()' 
4.50 in Riller Hall , 1262. See Lee Nichols, 
t 512 Humanities Library BUilding . 
Traditional Minyan held weekly In Student 
Center, Rm . A, Fri .. 6;30, Sat. 9;00. 27(}' 
4t70 . 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

. come and hear 
Guest Speaker 

Rev. H. Leith Loder 
on 

EUROPE, ISRAEL, AFRICA 
Student Charter I lights yr. round, ISCA 1609 ' 
Westwood Blvd . ~t03 L.A. 90024 2131826-
5669 (t2/6) 
cOOK NOW ON CAMPUS! New York & 
Europe flights . PSA reservations CIEE 
Student Travet Services, open Mon., Wed .• 
Frl. 12·4 pm. Call 452·0630 (1216) 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

CUISINE 
1>9KK£R HOURS, 

_ .... '-10 
...... Son 

To All Student Organizations 

Hearings for Winter 
Quarter Program Budgets 

will be held on 

Monday Nov. 22 

Wednesday Nov. 24 
Monday Nov. 29 
Wednesday Dec.! 

from 10-11 AM 
and 4-6 PM 

"Bridge Building, or 
the Art of Faith" 

fll'~"'" 
UCSt) SrU1> t llr 90 

Student Organizations Conference Room 

Call 452-4450 for more info 
This Sunday 1 0:45am: 

715 SHve,ado 

AMPLE PARKING 
~~9842 

5nl La Jolla BlVd . 

Breakfast 
and Lunch 

Served Hearings will not be held after De.c.l, 1976 
La Jolle , 

UCLAeXtension in cooperation with the UC LA School of Law 
presents 

Attorney Assistant Training 
Certificate Programs in 
-Litigation 
-Estates and Trusts 

Administration 
Accredited by the American Bar Association 

• Specialist certificate programs begin Spring , 1977 at UCLA 
• Comprehensive 5-month day and part·time even ing programs 
• For highly qualified applicants seek ing a career in the 

paralegal field 
• Receive graduate level instruction from practicing 

attorneys and attorney assistants 
• Housing and employment assistance available 
• In Litigation : Learn marketable sk ills in tr ial procedures 

relevant to cr iminal and civil law 

• In Estates: Learn marketable skills in the adm inist ra· 
t ion of estates, w ill s, and t rusts 

• ________ n __________ _ 

I Appl icat ions available : 
I immediately. For full details I 
I write or call ; I 
I Attorney Assistant Train ing I 
I Programs, UCLA Extension, I 
I Su ite 214, P.O . Box 24902, I 
I Los Angeles , CA 90024 I 
I (2131825-0741. I 
I I 
I UCLAeXl4i'n~ conlfnulng educollon I 
I I 
I C I : orne... : 
I I 

: Train at : 
I I 

: UCLA ,... : 
I I 
: Pl .... rush Aflp( icat io n to : 

I Name I 
I I 
I Address • 
I I 
I Cit V I 
I State ZtP I I I 
I I 
I I 

-----------------~-. 



• ........ III.'H 

Are 
on· 

ou.r money in a checking account is just sitting 
I~o interest. It's probably even costing 

a serVice charge. 
IV. Home Federal, you can make money 

your money ... 514% in a SAVERCARD Ac-
. Then, we'll give you up to five money 

ers per month to pay your bills ... absolutely 
e, and no minimum balance required. 

Home Federal Savings is just do\Vl1 the 
ill at Holiday Court -the closest financial 

institution to the UCSD campus. 
So get up off your money and open "'~L""'" 

account \Alith us ... get those fund.s \VOrking 
you by saving ... in Home Federal Country. 

Your $2 Billion Family Flnandal ~enter 

HOME FEDERAL ~ 
of San I)icgo 

La Jolla Office: 3211 Holiday Court • 455-0440 
(Corner of HOliday Court and Villa La Jolla Dnve) 

" Ou' r T""'5 9 AM • PM Fro Cj AM·S 0 PM S I AM 1 PM 


