
Defense of Students Has No Foothold 
So Far; Lugananni Severely Limited 

by Joim H. Taylor 
EcUtor-ln-cbjef 

Three days of the weirdest 
disciplinary hearings in five 
galaxies have led various people to 
va rious conclusions. . 

The students and their attorneys, 
unable to get their defense on the 
basis of UC complicity with the 
Central Intelligence Agency off the 
ground because of the UC counsel's 
objections, say the hearings are 
being " railroaded," which is what 
you say when things don't go your 
way. The San Diego Union, on the 
other hand, apparently of the old 
chool that doesn 't grant erring 
tudents due process, thinks the 

hearings have been drawn out too 
fa r. 

Dump them, pleads the Union in 
a Feb. Tl editorial. Preserve 
academic freedom. 

Hearing officer Robert 
Lugannani is caught in the middle. 
He's set up like a judge-with a 
gavel and a water pitcher, just like 
Divorce Court-but has to rely on 
ommon sense and logic, which are 
ften impotent pitted against The 

Law, to deal with the objections 
and arguments of the two at-
torneys. He has essentially 
reneged on several rulings after 
Howing an attorney to sway him. 
Obstinance would be worse. He 
s had the humility to allow 

himself to be overruled, usually in 
iituations where legalese and 
hetoric are not substituted for 
ogic or fairness. 

Lugannani is severely limited by 
's charge, which is, simply, to 
'make a finding of fact" as to 
whether alleged violations of 

niversity' regulations occurred 
~ov. 25. That is, was Saxon blocked 

or slowed as he walked across 
campus, and were orders from 
administrators that the blockers 
and slowers desist disobeyed? 

His charge was given to him, of 
course, by the same ad-
ministrators who initiated the 
action against the 10 students. A 
clear and fair separation of roles 

'has proved impossible-the only 
principals in the case not employed 
by the University are the students 
and their lawyers. 

It is not hard to see who has the 
upper hand in the hearings. 

Commentary 
Lugannani's sense of fairness is 
clear, but he is so restricted from 
admitting testimony as to why the 
students were protesting that he 
often appears to spectators to be 
favoring the University. 

He has to run the hearings as if 
he were trying a gang of Central 
Park muggers. No mitigation 
possible. Milton Gordon, the UC 
lawyer, says the only valid 
defense, as far as he is concerned, 
would be that the students didn't do 
what they're charged with. 

Either that, he added sar-
donically, or the students got so 
worked up into a "youthful frenzy" 
that they couldn't control them-
selves. 

Possibilities Have Faltered 
These are not attractive options. 

But all of attorney Peter Schey's 
other possibilities have faltered so 
far: ' 

-The CIA complicity line, to 
many the most morally com-
pelling, is consistently disallowed 
(when one of the 10 students said to 
Gordon. " You're ignoring the 

uspension Promised for 
uture Demonstrators 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

"Any member of the ~ampus 
'ommunity who chooses to disrupt 
.. the hearings will be placed on 
mmediate interim suspension and 
>arred from the campus," 
~hancellor McElroy said in a 
;tatement released yesterday 
Ifternoon. 

"Any other' person who chooses 
.0 interfere with · the orderly 
Jperation of the campus ... will be 
'ubject to arrest and criminal 
;:harges," the statement con-
tinued 

McElroy was apparently 
prompted by events last Wed-
nesday when 100 people disrupted 
the disciplinary hearings for 10 
students charged in connection 
with the Nov. 25 demonstration 
against the Central Intelligence 

Agency and President Saxon. 
The hearings, whicb have been in 

recess since Wednesday, are 
scheduled to reconvene this 
morning at 9:30 in the recreation 
gym conference room. 

Wednesday's demonstration was 
timed to coincide with Saxon's 
appearance to testify. However, he 
cancelled earlier that day and 
rescheduled his testimony for 
Friday evening. 

McElroy said that campus police 
have been "charged to preserve 
the integrity of the hearings. " 
They will be " augmented if 
necessary. " 

Vice-chancellor and Dean of 
Student Affairs George Murphy 
confirmed yesterday that the 
members of San Diego Police 
Department have been placed on 

Continued on Page 2 

political implications of this," 
Gordon answered. "You' re 
remarkably astute. "); 

--Any administrative in-
competence defense bas been 
prohibited by Lugannani so far 
(the fellow who accompanies the 
old lady into Central Park at 
midnight-where she is mugged-
can't be prosecuted for his in-
competence) ; 

-The possibility of pressure from 
Saxon to discipline the students 
hasn't been developed very fa r yet, 
although the Chancellor has ad-
mitted Saxon asked administrators 
Nov. 26 if they had "learned any 
lessons" from the fiasco, and said 
the President's question had been 
iNterpreted in various ways. Saxon 
also phoned several top ad-
ministrators here to complain 
about the handling of his visit, and 
hung up on them. 

While he is not reported to have 
urged any discipline, either of 
students or administrators, one of 
the officials has commented 
privately, " Never underestimate 
the punitive effect of a phone call 
from the President of the 
University where he gets so pissed 
off he hangs up on you." 

However, unless Schey can 
produce evidence or testimony 
showing that UCSD was pressured 
into charging the students-or that 
the charges against them were 
signs of administrative ob-
sequiousness-this line of defense 
will probably go nowhere. 

-Schey has at various times 
tried to show that the University 
didn't comply with its own rules 
governing the discipline process 
and the release of evidence to 
charged students. He hasn't 
succeeded. 

••• 
The 10 students themselves seem 

rather secondary. They sit in the 
hearing room and cough loudly 
when something displeases them. 
They occasionally intimidate the 
UC counsel. They are doing little to 
benefit their positions. 

At on point several of them 
donned wire antennae. 

The overall strategy, though, 
seems to be to show how oppressed 
they are, and they would probably 
rejoice if Lugannani ordered them 
chained to their chairs. Schey 
makes no visible attempt to quiet 
his charges, possibly viewing 
himself as a circa-l968 William 
Kunstler with the eyes of the 
progressive world on him. 

All he's got, though, are 10 
students who decided to pursue 
their progressivism by jumping a 
university president (or a symbol 
of corporate education, I suppose, 
though that fact doesn't make their 

Continued on Page 2 

One of the 10 students charged w ith violations ot' 
University regulations Nov. 25, Cookie Mahoney, is shown 
speaking at a ra lly last week on Revelle plaza. (Photo: Lee 
Dodds, La Jolla Light) 

Hearings: Hardly Star 
Chamber Proceedings 

by Edward Simons 
Special Writer 

The hearings for the 10 students charged with disrupting UC President 
David Saxon's visit here last year have been anything but Star Chamber 
proceedings. 

The demonstration at last Wednesday's hearing may change the 
complexion of this week's hearings, but they have been informal-to say 
the least-so far. 

Immediately before last week's hearing, students were sitting around 
the room, reading class notes and textbooks. The defendants sat in a 
block in the front of the room, smiling and talking with their lawyers. 

Can of Coke 
The first witness, Rick Whitehill, an assistant vice-ch::lncellor in the 

Student Affairs office, lounged at the prosecutor's table with a can of 
Coca-Cola. 

Business began with the usual motion for dismissal of all charges and 
other legal matters. Whitehill then took the stand. 

University counsel took Whitehill through the events of the day of 
Saxon's visit, documenting photographs as he went. 

A few minutes into Whitehill's testimony, someone in the audience 
yelled, "Would you speak up?" That started it. Almost every five 
minutes, someone in the crowd would ask Whitehill or Milton Gordon, the 
university counsel, to speak up . 

Later in the day, one of the charged students asked Robert Lugannani, 
the hearing officer, to raise his voice. Lugannani paused in mid-sentence, 
looked about him, then continued to speak in the same voice. He was not 
asked to raise his voice again. 

The problem of hearing the hearing's principals was solved Tuesday by 
the addition of a sound system. 

Most courts of law probably don't have to worry about dogs roaming 
the room. The conference room of the recreation gym, however, has been 
host to as many as three dogs at a time. 

The dogs would be hauled out of the room, only to return later in the 
day. 

Humorous Comments 
In between asking for witnesses and lawyers to speak up, the charged 

students also ·found time to make humorous comments on the testimony 
and the questions. 

The University counsel drew most of the catcalls, though Whitehill and 
McElroy also received some. 

Continued on Page 2 

Environmentalists, Industrialists Clash on Bill for Bottle, Can Refunds 
by CbrIa BowmaD 

staff.riter 

SACRAMENTO-A bill that would allow beer and soft 
drink COIIIamen to cub In on all empty cans and bottles 'is 
movlnl through a Senate committee with yet another clash 
bet.,.. envtronmentalilts and induatry. 

TIle Se .. te Natural Resourcea and WlldUfe comm1ttee is 
currently bearing legislation by Sen. OlDer Raina (I)-
Ventura) wtach requires all beer and soft drU* contaloen to 
have a refund value of at least five cents. 

Environmental and consumer groups say the bill will 
reduce "the major source of solid waste in the litter stream" 
whlJe at the lime time conserve energy, create jobs and save 
money in litter collection. 
f Although some distributors have carried returnable boWes 
or years, industry and labor officials say employment in the 
tate's can and bottle manufacturing would drop by as much 

as 5.000 jobs If, as Rains proposes, there was a mandatory 

deposit on all beverage containers. 
Similar legislation introduced in 1974 prompted an 

economic impact study by Legialative Analyst A. Alan Post. 
Net Cbaale ID Employmeat 

In a report released last fall, Post forecasted employment 
in can and glass industries would decline by 1,800 to 4,800 jobs 
"in the most severe cue" (about a 15 percent drop in bev-
erage sales). But, he said, "We estimate net changes in 
employment in all industries will range from a gain of 500 
jobs to a 1081 of 800." 

Rains contends his bill would boost beverage sales and 
result in a net job increase. He said Oregon, which enacted 
similar legialation in 1972, experienced an increase in the 
number of retail and trucking jobs which exceeded the 
number of layoffs in container manufacturing. 

In a hearing last week, Oregon House member Nancie 
Fadeley told the Senate panel that both industry and con· 
sumers have praised the r ults of the bottle bill. 

"Th bottl bill was the most popular bill Oregon ev r 

passed," she said. " It has replaced motherhood." 
"I believe that if any legislator asked to repeal the bill, be 

or she would be recalled. " 
Fadeley said the use of the refillable bottle increased 

"dramatically" over the past three years and that Oregon's 
roadsides have since been "practically litter-free." . 

Freedom of ChoIce 
JOM Gallagher, chairman )f the Industry Enviromental 

Council called Rains' bill "an unwarranted intrusion into the 
free market system" 11M" ~;.... M nner's 
freedom of choice." 

He said the measure would re ult in a payroll loss of up to 
$17 million and cau "massive ob 01 cence or machinery." 

The bill, SB 1384, also encoura s unlfonnity of bevorag 
container design in order to liminate bottle orting when 
di tributor pick-up empti for rc-u .The bill specifies that 
ontainers whi h ar interchan abl betw n at I 8t two 

diff rent brand could have at I t two nt deposit v lue. 



..... 

Commentary ... 
action seem more useful) instead 
of doing anyone any good. 

Uttle of SUbitallCe 
They don't appear capable of 

handling the real world, either. 
When they called a press con-
ference last week, they were 
unable to deal with news 
organizations more hostile than 
Natty Dre8d, failing to provide 
hard answers to several hard 
questions. In response to the query, 
" You say your political rights are 
being abridged-what were you 
doing to Saxon?", the charged 
students had little of substance to 
say. And the media attempts to 
deal with substance, and become 
angry when people try to use them, 
or at least are not slick enough to 
use them well. Bad press, 
especially in San Diego, is fatal. 
Nix one ally. 

No one can tell whether the 10 
students will ever recognize the 
seriousness of thir situation . 
Perhaps if they see their actions 
were politically trivial-or that the 
" People's Tribunal," an 
organization invoked Wednesday 
by one of them, would logically 
support only those actions in the 
interests of The People, not easy, 
college·level self·indulgence-and 
settle down accordingly, they 
might be allowed to finish college. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
There will be no sportscor 

meeting this week os stated in the 
calendar. A lso, there w i ll be no 
orientation meeting for the 
W ilderness and Contemporary Man 
course . 

hauat:an 
Instrument 

" 

l" 
You Are CorolallY ,f, ..... () 

See Our Full Line of 

Omnigraphicr. 
X·Y AND STRIP CHART 

RECORDERS 
DmnISc,.lben" 

STRIP CHART RECORDERS 

CI4BTEHS 
SAVE UP TO 50% in '76 

ROPE from'299 * 
2.a. ... ·S.() up to 2 ... wks. 

·APR.-OCT. '76 
o\,e, 91 S Flights but: 
llMnlD SEA t~ on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 

fJ.~ f'_" tiers " _II. 
291·8141 

~.!!.e~:~ 
I ' .. , 

MIllIOn Vottty-fqllllOOlt tldg 
1333 C.",!no tI,1 aio South 

5.0 .. CA 92101 
• Minimum '0" which ri... de· 

on data &. length of flit • . 

Hearing ... 
Peter Sebey, attorney for the charged students, was occasionally 

laughed with but was never laughed at. 
During breaks in the testimony, when the attorneys were haggling over 

admissability of evidence or testimony, Whitehill would occasionally get 
up from the witness chair, walk to the prosecutor's table and continue 
where he left off with his Coke. 

The defendants would leave the room every now and then for a 
cigarette and a chat in the adjoining courtyard, relaxing by a eucalyptus 
tree, 

Dressed to Kill 

The court stenographer, a man in his late twenties or early thirties, 
seemed to be the only person in the room direcUy affected by the in-
fonnallty of the proceedings. He arrived for duty the first day wearing a 
suit and tie, dressed to kill. 

Tuesday, he wore a western-style shirt-complete with quilted 
shoulders-Levis and a pair of comfortable-looking suede shoes. 

It must be added, though, that he wore his suit and tie again on Wed· 
nesday, probably in anticipation of Sax\>n's visit. 

It was also discovered Wednesday (hilt the stenographer had tried to 
quit his job here. Reason? He's allergic to dogs, 

Chancellor Statement. .. 
call to back up the UCSD police. 
campus police chief Hugh French 
said yesterday that the SDPD will 
be called on " if there's something 
we can't handle." 

In addition, police from other UC 
campuses are available, French 
said. 

Monday evening UC counsel 
Milton Gordon, who is representing 
the univers ity in the hearings, said 
that Saxon has not changed his 
plans about his appearance Friday 
night. 

Gordon added, however, that 
later this week he will advise 
Saxon whether his appearance 
would be disrupted again. He 
mentioned the possibility that the 
hearings might be moved off· 
campus for Saxon's testimony. 

This possibility had not been 

publicly mentioned before. 
McElroy's statement said the 

issue facing UCSD is clear: "It is 
whether this university will be 
allowed to conduct its legitimate 
activities in an orderly fashion .. . " 

The statement continued : "This 
campus is committed to a position 
of restraint in dealing with 
emotionally-charged issues of this 
sort. But we are unwilling to accept 
continued interference with proper 
campus functions and I want no 
one to confuse our patience to date 
with a reluctance to respond 
directly to future abuses of the 
campus and processes." 

Last Thursday McElroy 
promised " prompt disciplinary 
action" in the event of another 
disruption. 

• ,i.oll _I n.es 

, 

~rkWoelber 
dBoaging editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J. Lowen 
Community Editor ' 

Dave Eisen 
Sports editor 

John H. Taylor 
Editor·la-chlef 

James G. Soto 
Cilyeditor 

Nathan Meyers 
Photo editor 

Kenzie Nicoli 
Business Manager 

Daniel Sbawler 
Arts editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

La Jolla Music - Techniques 

. ; ;.~ ~-
Guaranteed Specs ~ .- !!Iii 
Calibrated FM Dolby :--~ 
Solenoid SWltchinl .... ,,_ '~" (I-
Remote Control " ______ " " " 
Memory Rewind on sale --.: 
Peak V.U.CheClk 

see & compare 
La J oUa M llsic I 

RS676 
Techniques 

by 
Panasonic 

1128Wa1lSl 10-7 Daily 459-3375· Rich 

IRI 

Manhunt 
The greatest manhunt in poUUcal history now belinlaa an aftermath of 

the New Hamplh1re primary - the prell baa set itself to finding the 
"real" Jimmy Carter. He won the DemocraUc race, 10 tile Carter story Ia 
not a cute feature piece anymore. "Can • Georgia Peanut Farmer Find 
Happiness in the Snows of New Hampehire?" was funny for. wIille, but 
now the plot baa moved from fiction to noo-fiction, and tile carter paule 
moat be solved. The press, I think, is quite ca.-ble of doAng it 

The miniIcuIe state baa only tbree-tentha of one percent of the ~ 
try's popuJaUon, and the carter share of 30 percent of the Democrata 
sounds lmpresaive until you find that it was only around 22,_, or about 
the number of a Chicago slum block. On the Republican side you can 
read the result either way: President Ford and fonner Gov. Ronald 
Reagan came out neck and neck with a slight edge to the former and 
that's a Ford "victory," perhape, unW you reflect that this is an in-
cumbent president (albeit not elected), challenged frem within his own 
party and that he won only by a squeak. Here's where the media par-
ticipates in elections: they are the umpires, they decide who won, who 
lost. Four years ago Muslde got 48 percent to McGovern's 'Sl percent here 
but it was interpreted as a McGovern "victory" because it was a sur-
prise. 

Technically Ford won, with another victory for him probably due this 
Tuesday in Massachusetts. There are 29 more primaries to come. Ford is 
politely trying to prove Reagan an extremist, and Reagan is politely 
trying to prove Ford an appeaser. Actually the two see things mucb alike 
at home, but Reagan is a hawk abroad; he is attacking the Ford policy on 
detente and he advocates a new eyeball-to-eyeball approach to Moscow. 
This is always good for applause from a crowd but it is disheartening 
today - nobody wants to appease Moscow, of course, but there is a 
chance, maybe slender, that the burden of armaments can be lightened, 
and Actor Reagan doesn't help matters a bit by assuming his movie role 
of tough hombre. 

Up in the snows of New Hampshire Reagan showed practiced chann 
while Ford glazed their eyes. Reagan's retort to Ford',S charge that 
" nobody to the right of me can get elected" was exquisitely timed Bnd 
delivered. He assumed an air of innocent surprise and said there must be 
a mistake, the president couldn't mean him; why, Ford had twice asked 
him to join his cabinet! Reporters jumped at the revelatloo which the 
White House cooflnned. Everybody admired the deft performance as 
they admired the attractive Mrs. Reagan, sitting on the platform wearing 
the fixed smile of the candidate's wife (the Pat Nixon look). 

For the Democrats, Jimmy Carter is the novelty of the election. So far 
he had been half-concealed by a tolerant fog of ambiguity, but now he 
must come into the open. New Hampshire changed his status. The nation 
is going to take a long, hard look at him. 

I have never seen a candidate like him. What can you say to a man 
whose tag line at the close of a session is, " I'll never tell a lie, I'll never 
betray your trust. I'll never make a misleading statement or avoid a 
controversial issue ." Vote against me if I do, he says. 

It seems corny in print, but he says it with quiet certitude. He taught an 
adult Bible class while he was Governor. 

The other day Jimmy carter called at a newspaper office and answered 
questions. they were on domestic problems but at the end somebody 
asked him to outline foreign views. He replied quietly, "I'll deal with that 
in my Inaugural." . 

There is an arresting arrogance in the answer that is probably 
calculated and causes talk and interest, and sets off little snowballs of 
debate rolling down New Hampshire slopes, and helps him with the 
highest vote in the primary (with Democratic liberals split five ways) . 
And let there be no mistake, Jimmy Carter with the instant toothy smile 
is smart, and personally attractive. He is also a mystery, a loner and, like 
Jack Kennedy, a fresh face. 

"Jimmy carter's Pathetic Lies" is the sledgehammer tiUe of an attack 
by Steven Brill in the current Harper's. In similar vein Reg Murphy, 
editor of the San Francisco Examlaer and old opponent of carter's in 
Georgia, writes in The New Republic that he is tWl>'faced. Columnist 
Evaos "Novak draw a bead on "the little GeoPgia peanut fanner with the 
warm smile and the icy eyes ... 

Does that end it? Not when segregationist Lester Maddox travels all the 
way to New Hampshire to expose him as a concealed "radical liberal." 
Time magazine gave carter a cover picture in 1970 as representative of 
the "New South." Novelist Patrick Anderson recently wrote a sym· 
pathetic profile in The New York TImes magazine. Are they all fooled? 
Who's right? 

Political writer Jack Gennond says the liberal assault 011 Carter is 
" perhaps unmatched in harshness and intensity in any presidential 
campaign -of the postwar period." It seems to start from the central 
mystery that 'after winning the governorship on the ticket with Maddox, 
Carter declared in his inaugural address that no citizen of Georgia should 
" ever again be deprived of the opportunity of a job, an education or 
simple justice because he is poor, rural, black or not Influential" and 
shortly thereafter hung a portrait of Martin Luther King, Jr. In the state 
capital. He's been hard to classify ever since. 

Who is the real Jimmy Carter? I think the press is going to search him 
out and find that he has been "wrong" 011 some Issues and "right" on 
others and that his antithetical' positions make him a moderate con-
servative, with surprising jumps into liberalism (Uke favoring gun 
registration). He can throw a mean phrase : "Being called a Ilar by 
Lester Maddox," he said ca!mly, "is like being called ugly by a frog." 

Spring is near in New England and the maple and political sap is 
flowing . I didn't realize how many pails they hang on one trunk - its 
cruelty to trees! One big maple had five, one for each of the major 
Democratic candidates, maybe. 

The ferocity of the attack on Washington is startling. Who lAve us 
Vietnam, Agnew, Watergate, Nixon, assassination of foreign leaders by 
CIA, bribery of foreign leaders by Lockheed? Who gives UI split gover· 
nment and vetoes, who can't seem to decide about energy, taxes or the 
economy? Why, Washington! The country wanta a change. It Is groping 
for a mandate. It is yearning for a fresh face. 

The Triton Tim •• Is recognized by the Communlc;a!lona Board of UCSO a.lhe offlcl.,' 
91udenl news peper'. PubllcaUon I, on MondaYI , Weclneeclaya and F"dayl during the 
regutar SChool year (except on ollicial holiday I). Edno,'a! and builneM offICeS .,. 
located In 117 Btlka Hell on the AfNelle Collega ClmPUl, Unl~arally 0' Clilfornl., San 
Diego. 

Letters to the Edilor and opinion columna .ra ",'comed . All submission •• houtd be 
typed on • 7.,splCa line on nonera .. blt pape, . They "'autd nOI txceed t_ PIlI" In 
length dOuble·spaced. The T,lton Times r ... ",.. the "ghllo a<IIt lubmlaatona beCI .... 
of space limitations 0' style requi rements . 

For edltoriat . catt ~2·3.ae ; for bu.lneu and dlsptay adverttsement., calt 452·34eB. 
Ent". contents copy"ghl t 978, Triton Tim .. 

Composer Rands to Bring 
Avant-Garde to Mandeville 

by Alex BeaaeU StaffWrfter 
Britlan's foremost contemporary composer Bernard Rancm will 

present a concert of his innovative music at 8 pm tomorrow in the 
Mandeville Auditorium. P1aYini witb him will be a number of eminent 
mUliciana from tbe faculty of the music department. The audience is 
invited to meet the composer at a reception in the East Room following 
thecODC*t. . 

IWIdI has been bailed as ooe of the truly fine composers of today, 

Arts Editor Sought 
The Triton Times is now ac-

cepting applications fOr" Arts 
Editor for the Spring quarter. 
Although the pay is not tilat great, 
the benefits (such as free tickets to 
concerts and free records) are 
substantial. Duties include writing 
about drama, art, films, and music 
and organizing the arts page. 
Applicants should inquire with 
John Taylor or Daniel Shawler at 
the Triton Times office. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
"villi demonstrated a remarkable creativity and mastery rl his 
medium. His works, ranging from complex orchestral scores to vocal 
music, have been performed at many international festivals and concert 
series. The Revelle Resident Dean's 

Although Rands Is famous for his rich, unique avant·garde music and Office is beginning the process of 
his exploraUons Into the theatrical dimensions, he rejects the idea of recrui ting resident advisors for the 
esoteric personal vision or message·loaded music. He feels that as an 1976-77 academic year. Specific 
artist, he is simply presenting aspects of reality for the listener to draw requirements for employment 
his own impression. He says, "I like to observe phenomena, and then put include a minimum GPA of 2.0, 
them together in interesting relationships." sophomore class stand ing. 

Rands told how his current interest is the function of the human voice, knowledge of the lower division 
both in music and in everyday situations. Contemporary vocal training, requirements and no involvement 
he says, overlooks all but the traditional applications. Rands explores in dramo or intercollegiate 
this undeveloped potential in vocals in his "Ballads," which will be a athletics. Al l interested candidates 
highllghtoftheconcert. · should apply at the Student 

"Ballad I" is based on a nightclub situation, where the audience is Employment Office. The posit ion 
invited to eavesdrop in on the chatter of the people there as well as the will be pasted from March 8 
performer. through March 12. For further 

"Ballad U" uses the model of the ' liedersong with its pianoforte ac· information, contact the Revelle 
companiment asan expression of schizophrenic elements. • Resident Dean's Office at X3025. 

"Ballad Ill" takes the listener into the church where various typical 
vocal behaviors are isolated. All three pieces involve suggestive use of 
lighting and stage effects to enhance the themes. 

Also presented will be the instrumental works " Memo I" and "Deja," 
both of which will have the emphasis on the musicians' virtuosity. 

Concert Scene 
Raitt, Browne Set in Benefit; 

Queen Slin~s Into Town 

Do you want to see the Student 
Center run by students? The Board 
of A uthority (BOA) for the Student 
Center will be an all·student group 
to run the !center . If yqu want SO 
participate in the running of the 
center. apply for a BOA position •• 
through your college government 
or through the Student Coop·· 
before the end of the quarter. 

r .. r,::. erL' 

THE YALE 
CHAMBER 
PLAYERS 
in concert 

tuesday, march 
. 

sherw?od hall. I. j. museum 
of contemporary art 
st. S2.00, g.a . S5.00 
tickets: ucsd box office, 
& the turntable in 10 Jolla 

Page 3 

Students interested in apply ing 
for the pos!tion of Peer Advisors in 
the Fourth College Residence Halls 
should pick up a referral sl ip at 
Student Employment. Application 
deadline is March 29. For more 
information contact Paula Hui or 
Maryt Conoley at 452·4581 . 

information: 459-8303 ~ ============~ 

een 

Bonnie Raitt and Jackson credit, including her latest, " Home 
Browne will appear in a benefit Plate." Jackson Browne has three 
concert for Democratic Senatorial albums, aU on the Asylum Records 
candidate Tom Hayden on March 4 label. Both Raitt and Browne have 
in the Civic Theatre. Hayden is appeared 011 eacb others LPs, and 
challenging- incumbent senator have toured together before. 
John Tunney, although he 
repeatedly says that he is running Elecktra recording artists 
" to fill a vacancy in the Senate. " Queen will make a concert ap-

Hayden says, " This is a different pearance at the Sports Arena on 
kind of campaign, and it requires a March 12. The English group's 
different kind of fund raising. We latest hit is " Bohemian Rhap-
are creating a situation in which sody," from their current LP " A 
the candidate is beholden to no Night at the Opera." Queen ~on­
special interests, only to the sists of lead vocalist Freddie 
public." Mercury, Briwn May on guitar, 

A Warner Brothers recording }ohn Deacon on bass and Roger 
artist, Raitt bas five alblDDS to her ' Taylor on drums. 

--------------------- --------. 
'L( C!. d:J'an '1:..'''/0 C!amplti '.Pw9,am 'J3"a,J puunh 

In 

A MANDEVILLE 
LECTURE 

morl sa hi 
ST. $1.00 
GA $2.00 
TICKETS: 
UCSD BOX 
OFFICE 
452·4090 

MARCH 9 I 
TUESDAY,8P:_~ 

"You can't Cheat an Honest Man" 

HAil CUTl'ERS 

REDKEN' 

Closed Sunday a nd Monday 
5625 La Jolla Bhd. 
La Joll. 459-3218 

't' Redkm Retail .. ~ .. ~:-: .. ~ .. :":,, "":,~., --:,. """":"~~~H+!--..J 

and 

"The Bank Dick" 
Tomorrow night 

March 4, 7 and 10 pm 

CR 107 (Third College) 



75 Dodge VIII 6 tyl 5 pass 3 bucket seats on 
., behind driv. tabie , cpt , pan ., "'.C., 
IItereo tape 454-.a. (315) 
1. VW Fastback $700 new brakes, shOCks 
great transportation 25 to 30 mpg Call 436-
t435efter6Enc (313) 
Turntable for sale BSR McDonald 510 ax wI 
ADC cart . Exlnt. Cond . 550. 453-8604 - Rick 
(3112) 

Brand new Hoble surf board 7'2" lightening 
bolt - Mickey Munoz shape 595 or best offer . 
755-5437 (3/5) 

BabYSitter needed days 6 am-4 pm Leuced la 
house block fm beach - take kids to beach . 
S175 mo . 755-5437 (315) 

66 Buick Special V6 new tires , brakes 
dependable transportation . Call Karen 755-
5437 (315) 

DRUMS: You won't believe the story beh ind 
them . Full set nearly perfect condition Call 
Dave aI755-5982 (31 12) 

HarmanlKardon 75t stereo or Quad . 50 walls 
chan net . $300 or offer. Call John Leave 
message. 45~398(3 /5) 

housiNG 
WANTED 1 male roommate for PB apt 
87 SO/ m 488-6710 MIke. (3/3) 
Male wanled o~n room 2 BDR HIllcrest view 
State St. great guy I work nights. Call Dave 
t95-3672. (3/3) 
Female roommate from April 1 to July 31 . 
Furnished room In 4-plex. 5901 month. Call 
Donna at 223-1228. (3/5) 

For Rent ; new 2 bedroom Condo, 11/2 ba 
Townhouse in Del Mar Area. Pool , Rec. 
Room. Unfurnished . All utilities paid except 
electriC. 5310.00 mo . Students Welcome. 
755-0229, 753-4556 (3/3) 

For Rent , 5 mIn . to UCSD New 3 bdroom 2 'h 
ba , townhouse Condo. Tennis , Pool , Jacuzzi , 
Doublr garage Unfurnished or Partially 
furnished . Students Welcome. 755-0229 or 
753-4556 (3 / 3) 
Female roommate to share new age house In 
Cardill . SOO/month Includes all amenities . 
We are Diane, DaVId, Robert , & KeVIn . 436-
3516 (315) 

Female roommate needed sp qtr beautIful 
Del Mar apt '11 blk beach on coast cruIser 
route S88 mo 755-7238 (3/5) 

COPIES 
3Yzct .:u. 
1(_01 Z LOCATIOIfI 

1101% IORCUII124-1323 
51" COLLIIIAft. .7 .. 1" 

Rmmt wid spr qt; nioe MB apt transp no prob 
right on beach greal view 488-7677 (3/5) 

Need male roommate to share 2 br apt on 
25th.t. De4 Mar S85 mo non smoker preferred 
call 755-5786 (313) 

M roommate wanted Del Mar own room 1 blk 
from bch 570 mo . Call Dave 452-3921 (3/3) 

Female rmmte wanted Del Mar house 1 block 
from beach . Brick Frpl 590 plus 1/5 utilities. 
Cheri 461-8549 eves (313) 

2 Non smoking people to share room in Del 
Mar for spring quarter. No pets . Duplex on 
Cst near Cst Cruiser Call 755-2542 (3/3) 

For rent single room In Del Mar house 343 9th 
Street or 755-6395 (3/10) 

TRAVEL 
EUROPE. ISRAEL. Oroent , N.Y TGC Low 
cost flights , 1436 S La Clenega BI LA 
90035 (714)735- 16 or (213)652-2727 (3/12) 
Instant telephone conlilmat lons on all 
roundt rip charters and tours to Europe 
($339) Haw II ($169). New York (5169). 
Oroent ($437) MeXICO (SI99) and the Middle 
East Oneways avaIlable Plus new. In-
dependent expenmental tours For 24 hour 
Inlormatlon I reservatlons cr.II collect 
Westcoast student travel counsel AVCO 
Center sUIte 790 t 0050 W,lshi re Blvd LA 
90024 (213)475-6665 Book no later than 65 
days before departure (3/ 12) 
EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER FLIGHTS 
BOOK ON CAMPUS BOOK EARLY CIEE-
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES. UCSD 
INTERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEK-
DAYS 12-4pm . 452-0030 .(3/12) 
CHARTER FU<?HTS TO EUROPE. Save up to 
SO percent April - Oct. 2, 3. 4. 5. 6, wk flites 
weekly PLUS 7-24 week flights often . BUT. 
limited space on long & summer flights . 
Phone your San Diego headquarters for 
charte rs since 1961 , no lower prices with 
salety (trust accounts .) We are your 
profeSSIonal charter and travel experts 
Phone 291-6141 . ~5 pm . Draper World Travel . 
f3/ 12 ) 

EUROPE . ISRAEL - Student fl Ights year 
round ISCA. 11687 San Vicente Blvd . • 4. 
LA . CA 90049 (213)826-5669 or 626-
0955 .(3 / 12) 

Ski where the snow IS Crested Butte Colo 
Sprong brea With the Ski Club S149 Tickets 
Student Center box olflce 

WANTEd 
Beautol ul longhaored housecat desperately 
needs home. Please call 748-0562 eves f31) 

HIGH QUALITY 
ECRETARIALSERVICE 

In Mission Vallcy 
SpeC'ia lizing in Thesis Typing, 

Reports, Manuscripts, and 
Busincss Work 

280-3343 

THE AMERICAN 
TRIBAL LOVE-ROCK 

MUSICAL 
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK CITY 

BOOK & LYRICS: GEROME RAGNI 
JAMES RADO 

MUSIC: GALT MAC DERMONT 

FULL ORCHESTRA & CHORUS 
SPECIAL 

LIGHTING EFFECTS 

Need exira cash? Buying old U.S. coins. Also 
hllyonQ U.S. sliver coins minted before 1965. 

. Ken. 453-7924 .(3112) 
Indep. study student needs Latin tutor or 
wheelock lessons 1 &-30. Desperate! 5 call 
Lori 452-8301 . (3/5) 
Sincere. asplnng s'aivite seeks Instruction on 
olferlng Puja. Please call Jack 452-9491 (3/5) 

SINGING TEACHER. Jewish Sun . school. 
Meets on UCSD campus 453-6474 . mor-
nongs/evenlngs . (315) 

• SERVICES 
STEREO REPAIR. Student wlttl professional 
tralnong and expellence In stereo repair, 
olfers greatly reduced rates to those on 
student budgets. Repalfs made on all makes 
and models amps, preamps, receivers, 
tuners. tapes. and tables. Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE Call Im-
med,ately for free estimate and or problem 
consultatIon Call 291 -5927 . (31t 2) 
Women onlyl Psychological rese rch oilers 
you an elfectlve rewarding syslem of weight 
reduction no charge! (3/3) 
Learn excltong folk dances from India exp 
teacher seroous students only M&F 452-t016. 
(3/5) 
Watch Jewelry R palf , nngs SIZed. Guar 
work by Lic leweler. Student proces 453-1207 
(3/5) 
John lloyd Fust· Happy Birthday . May you 
dnnk unlll you drop tonight. Your bosom 
buddy (3/8) 
Typist-IBM term paper. theSiS. dissertation , 
etc. editing . rush jobs, xerox 560-6171 . 452-
1586. (3/ 12) 

Typing-papers, thesis, etc . fast , accurate & 
reasonable ! 452-4144 6-5 p.m. IBM Selectric 
Kathy . (3 / 5) 
If you want to take private lessons In FrenCh 
or SpanIsh from a language professor, call 
234-0391 X205. Alclde Tremblay No. 205. 
1323 5th Avenue. San Diego Ca. 92101 (3 11 2) 

Drivers and riders save money, share ex-
penses call Travelers Aid Travelboard. 232-
7991 forfree service (313) 

PERSONAls 
Pula Whoee has a Ronald Reagan bumper 
tocker on her r (3/3) 

lOST 6. fOUNd 
LOST gold 10 bracelet wlname - Patrocla& 
date MUCH sentimental value If found 
PI_EASE c:all 452-9374 (3/5) 

Found money con tact John . Identify amount 
and local Ion . 452-9429 (3 /3) 

Lost Gold chain name bracelet engraved 
Plea call 452-0276 for Lorna (313) 

Lost. t male black lab Has 1 brown & white 
collar Responds to the name OS5O . Sub-
stantoal Rw Sam 452-8628 (3/3) 

offENSiVE 
Scott Sadil 

Girls, Women Basketball 
'1 thought, only to myself of course: , 
"Girls, women, females, do not play basketball as well as males. But 

men do not figure-skate as well as women. Or look as good in gymnaatics. 
And, I know, I .know, I'm sexist. But four out of five paiesa10nal 
basketball players are black and my grandmother is Czechoslovakian 
and my mother is not, so you can imagine which one makes the best 
poppy seed rolls. 

"Granted, as always, there are exceptions. My dalmatian hated fire 
engines. In this age of increasing liberation it is sometimes difficult to be 
sure of anything. 

"But you cannot argue the fact that women's basketball uniforms are 
never the old-man-undershirt type that men wear. Has Gloria Steinem 
complained about that? I don't believe. uniforms make that much dif-
ference, but then again I didn't see anything wrong with the word 
'chairman', so if anyone is really serious about this thing they better cut 
off their sleeves before they practice free-throws." 

End of thought. 
•••• 

Women play women's basketball and men play men's. They are two 
different sports. A similar framework, but still different. Uke cross-
country running as compared to distance rwming on a closed track. 
(Which is which?) Gross comparisons between women's and men's 
'basketball are inevitably made, but they are not very valid. 

(Does my sex have anything to do with why I feel that this point should 
be emphasized? ) 

So the talented women's basketball team now perfonning for UC San 
Diego is just that, a talented women's basketball team. Last Friday's 52-
38 victory over the IVC Arabs was just another example of these Tritons' 
skillful play. • ••• 

First half: 
Marla Ross. Scoring from outside with an accurate one-handed set 

shot. G'rabbing offensive rebounds and going up for another two points. 
Allison Chin, Leading the offense_ Controlling the tempo of the game. 

Passing for assists. 
Lisa Stewart. Running. Diving. Hustling. From offense to defense. 

From defense to offense, and back again. That difficult transition in all 
basketball. 

A very enthusiasUc uam team these women. Clapping, slapping, and 
shaking hands. A yell for every basket. 

Tight zone defense. Team defense. 
Halftime score : UCSD leads, 24-15. 
Second half: • • • • 
Kim Boatner comes off the bench to spark the Tritons. Small and quick. 

She prances. Excellent ball-handler. Clever two handed flip-shot. 
Center Ann Carrington. Detetmined rebounding at both ends of the 

court. Splendid shooting touch around the basket. 
But IVC closes to within four points with eight minutes left in the game. 
Triton coach, Shirley Peterson, calls a timeout. calmly talks to her 

players, Explains. Smiles, No ranting and raving. 
And carol Gerhardt takes command. She has all the skills. Rebounds. 

Leads the fastbreak either dribbling or with long passes. Tough defense. 
Scores from any place on the floor . Jumper from fifteen feet. From the 
baseline. Again. Again. She's hot ! Again! 

That's the ball game. UCSD 52, IVC 38. 
•••• 

They say that everybody loves a winner. But look what they did to Pete 
Rose up in Los Angeles last year. And Charlie Brown has made Schulz a 
millionaire by losing all of those baseball games. 

So I feel hesitant to call UCSD's women's basketball team anything 
more than a talented, successful, women's basketball team. I would not 
want to stick my neck out, you know. 

FRIDAY MARCH 5 

Phantom of the Paradise 
staring 

paul william s 
"He sold his soul for rock and roll" 

USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 pm $1 

SA TURDA Y MARCH 6 
The Battle of Algiers 

"A devastating film of national liberation; all staged but 
indistinguishable from documentary. A leader in the genre 

of political cinema." 

USB 2722 7:30 & 10:00 pm $1 


