
Emphasis On 
Solving Library ,~ 
Problems 

by PbWp baae 
StaHWrtter 

After the rapid growth of the UC 
San Diego Library in the past few 
years, the development of new 
facilities will no longer be the 
major priority of ' the Library, 
according to Alvina Robertson, 
Business officer for the UCSD 
Library. 

Robertson said that the em-
phasis will be placed on solving the 
current problems of the library 
with its five branches. 

The completion of the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography -
which should be ready by the end of 
the year - will mark the end of 
major building of library facilities 

Saxon Returns To 
UCSD On Friday 

by Mark Stadler 
News Editor 

President Saxon is returning to 
UCSan Diego. 

Saxon will meet with 
representatives of the Academic 
Senate (AS) and Chancellor's Club 
members Friday, Chancellor 
McElroy said yesterday. 

New Names 
Added in 
Saxon Charges 

This will be Saxon's first visit to 
UCSD since Nov. 25, when his visit 
was interrupted by students 
angered at his responses to 
questions about Central 
Intelligence Agency involvement 
on UC campuses. 

Fourteen people were charged 
with violations of campus 
regulations in connection with that 
demonstration. 

atUCSD. There vvere a lot of vvet tennis shoes this Tuesday . 

Two students have been added to 
the list of those charged in the Nov. 
25 demonstration which protested 
President Saxon's policy toward 
Central Intelligence Agency in-
volvement on UC campuses. 

The next building project is not 
scheduled to begin construction 
until 1980 when an extension is 
planned for the north side of the 
Centra l University Library. 
Robertson said the extension will 
add more than 87,000 sq. f1. to the 
first and second floors of the CUL. 

With the deemphasis on building 
programs, the UCSD library will 
seek to improve the existing 
structures and upgrade the ser-
vices offered said Robertson. 

Problem Recoplzed 
According to Robertson, the 

problems that have plagued the 
Cluster I Undergraduate Library 
have been recognized and attempts 
are now being made to rectify 
them. 

Among the most pressing 
problems encountered by the staff 
were that of excess noise and poor 
lighting. 

According to a noise and lighting 
survey made in 1973 by the UC 
'Office of Environmental Health 
and Safety "all of the work stations 
monitored," at the Cluster 
Library, " were unsatisfactory" for 
the amount and quality of 
illwnination available; only " the 
chafrs by the magazines had 
enought light" to meet minimwn 
standards set by the American 
Standards Institute. 

The survey goes on to say that 
"no sound levels e15ceeding 90 
decibels, a legal limit for hearing 
loss, were found," but enough 

Continued on Page 8 

Pets and people, vve all needed the rain . (TT photo : 
Nathan Meyers) 

Woman, Chicano Preferred 
To Fill Regent's Vacancies 

One student, charged with 
violations of campus regulations 
but previously unidentified, was 
positively identified last week, 
Vice-chancellor and Dean of 
Student Affairs George Murphy 
said Monday. 

by James G. Soto 
City Editor 

One of the new UC Regents will 
be a woman and the other will 
probably be a member of a 
minority, according to Otis Wat-
son, the student representative to 
the regental selection committee. 

Watson, the only student on the 
statewide Committee Advisory to 
Gov. Brown in the Selections of 
Regents for UC, said it was the 
consensus of the committee that a 
woman should probably be 
selected to fiH the vacancy to be 
created by Mrs. Edward Heller's 
departure from the Regents in 
June. 

According to Watsoll , he and 
Heller have been lobbying for a 
minority appointee for the other 
vacancy created by the expiration 
of Regent Norton Simon's term on 
the board. 

Watson said there has been 
considerable sentiment for 
nominating a Chicano to the 
Regents. He said that HeHer has 
also suggested the possibility of 
nOminating an Oriental as a 
Regent. 

Present Evidence 
This week Watson will travel to 

Sacramento to giv.e oral testimony 
to Prebel Stolz, one of Brown's 
assistants, and Carlota Mullins, 
Brown's secretary for personnel 
appointments. He will present 
evidence in support of his can-
didate, who is unknown at the 
present time. 

While in Sacramento, he will also 
be meeting with representatives of 
the Statewide Chicano Steering 
Committee, Lt. Gov. Mervyn 
Dymally and the Black Legislative 
Caucus to lobby for the Chicano 
nominee. 

Another, who previously hadn 't 
replied to Murphy's query 
regarding the demonstration, 
recently answered that letter. 

Both s tudents have elected to 
join the " common defense," 
Murphy said. 

The students, now 10 in number, 
are charged with failure to comply 
with directions from a university 
official, resisting a university 
official performing his duties and 
endangering a person's health and 
safety. 

Signup Sheets 
In a related measure, Murphy 

" A Chicano could very well be said Monday that a signup sheet 
appointed to the Regents but it will system will be used to allocate the 
take a lot of pressure on the open seating for the hearings. The 
governor's office to make it hap- sheets will enable people to sign up 
pen," said Watson. for morning and afternoon sessions 

Watson has less than two weeks of the three day hearings on a first 
to lobby for the committee's , come first serve basis. 
candidate. The next meeting of the The hearings are set for Feb. 23 
selection committee is Feb. 13. At to 25. 
that time the committee must As of this week the signup sheets 
produce their list of potential will be posted outside the 
regents and forward it to Brown's recreation gym conference room, 
office. which is scheduled as the hearing 

room. 
In addition to the open seating 

UC President David Saxon 
_ AS Reps 

Saxon will meet with a group of 
Academic Senate representatives 
in the early afternoon, Lynn 
Harris, the administrative 
assistant to the AS, said yesterday. 

Harris said members of the AS 
group will include the Executive 
and Policy Committee, past AS 
chairman, certain senate com-
mittee chairs and the heads of each 
colJege faculty. 

Saxon's last visit was to include a 
speech to the AS. However, that 
meeting was disrupted. Friday 
Saxon plans to speak infonnally 
with the representatives, McElroy 
said. 

Then, at 4:00 that afternoon, 
Saxon will meet with the Chan-
cellor's Club, a group of people who 
pay $250 a year to join that 
organization and meet bi-monthly 
with the Chancellor to hear about 
UCSD. 

McElroy said Saxon would 
probably speak to the Chancellor's 
Club about the state of UC, Gov. 
Brown's proposed budget and 
UCSD in general. 

Asmus to Lecture 
At last week's meeting, Stolz 

outlined what the governor wanted 
from the committee. Brown will 
ask that each of the 12 members 
submit a list of two or three can-
didates to Brown's office 

Continued on Page 8 
The ChancelJor said the visit was 

scheduled last summer. 

New Spending Limit Set On Lasars and DaVinci 
Lasers and Leonardo Da Vinci 

will be the subject of a special 
lecture to be held at UC San Diego 
tomorrow nlg~. 

John Asmus, as associate 
research physicist for the UCSD 
Institute for Pure and Applied 
Physical Sciences, will describe 
the use ~ laser technology in art 
restoration. 

Asmus will ~ speaking at USB 
2722 at 8 pm. His lecture is IlIOn-
sored by the UC San Diego Alumni 
and Friends and ls open to the 
general public. There is no charge. 

Asmus has been involved in a 
search for a lost fresco ~ Leooardo 
Da Vinci in Florence, Ita!y. His 
work in Italy was a major factor in 
the founding ~ an Art/Science 
tudies ProJect at UCSD. 

Discovert ... the True Ale 
Asmus has specialized In 

adapting laser technology for 

locating art treasures for both the 
govenunent and private industry 
for the put 15 years. His work has 
led to the restoration and 
cataloguing ~ certain art works. 
In addition, his work has been 
instrumental in discovering the 
true age of many, heretofore, 
unidentifia ble treasures. 

Using brief, localized pulses of 
laser energy, art works could' be 
cleaned of surface materials 
without marring the treasures 
themaelves. The Asmus method 
has been able to restore works in a 
few hoW'J that previously took 
months of tedious, painstaking 
hard work. 

Asmus will also be speaking 
later in the month for the Friends 
of the Library on using laser 
energy to restore and conserve 
classic manuscripts. 

·Final Approval 

At that time, Brown's staff will 
consider the names on the com-
mittee members' lists as well as 
other names that have been sui). 
mitted to the governor's office. 
Brown and his staff will then select 
two names and send them back to 
the committee for final approval. 

Brown and Stolz. Wat on asserts, 
want the whole procedure to be 
swift and accurate. Brown has 
informed the committe that he 
wants the proce s sp eded up. 
Watson and the r t of the com-
mitt e hav oppo ed Brown' 
position. 

"Expedi ncy i important but it 
isn't the major issue, which i 
suggesting major candIdate abl 
to uphold the int grity and 
credibility of the Board of 
Regents," aid Watson. 

For Del Mar Candidates 
A new spending limit has been set for Del Mar municipal elections 

which will allow candidates to spend more but will decrease the amount 
that contributors may give. The new law will be in effect for the March 2 
election which will decide three city council seats, the Del Mar Com-
munity Plan, and the recall of Councilmember John Weare. 

Under the new law, campaigns'will be restrided to spending no more 
than 18 cents per voter, three cents more than und r the previous law. 
According to the City Clerk's office this will work out to around $638 per 
campaign, based on the number of register d voters in the last election. 
Contributors will be limited to contributions of no more than $15 in any 
particular campaign. This figure is down from the $25 contributions 
permitted under th old law. The Council said the decrea e was pa ed to 
encourage a broad-based campaign and to fcrce vot rs to u campaign 
committ es. 



Wedne.y, February., 1171 

IRI 
Jimmy Crack Corn _. 

The clean cut young man who has positioned himself on the aisle seat in 
the first row is ready with the first question when Jimmy Carter finished 
his opening remarks at his little gathering at the University of New 
Hampshire, at Durham. . 

'Government Should Assert the Public Interesf 

I have heard the same introductbry comment by the candidate three 
times now, and I suppose it telJs something of his presence and manner 
that it doesn't sound as corny as it reads in print afterward. He wants 
"our nation to have, once again, a govenunent as good and honest and 
decent and truthful and fair and competent and idealistic and c0m-
passionate, and as filled with love as are the American people." 

He says it in a low voice and a little catch in his throat, as though it were 
. occuring to him for the first time. The audience sits silent They don' t 
applaud. They are impressed. Candidate -Hayden Meets the Press So the young man on the aisle seat stands up and asks a question, and 
the Yankee listeners who maybe are Congregationalists and tight-lipped 
about religion, cringe a little because he asks Carter, in evangelical 
jargon, "Are you saved?" That old cynic Henry Mencken, with his china 
blue eyes, would rub his hands and gloat over the situation. It just em-
barrasses us. What will Carter say? 

Following his UC San Diego 
appearance last week, activist 
Tom Hayden - a candidate for 
Johu Tulllley'S US Senate seat -
met with reporten In the Revelle 
iafonnal 1000nge. A selection of 
questions aad auwen follow: 

••• 
Question: In your original cam-
paign statment, you said everyone 
should be guaranteed a job. How 
would you achieve that without 
total recoune to govenunent 

employ~nt? 
HaydeD: Well, you make that 
sound awful. 

Do you want total recourse to 
govenunent welfare? Do you want 

. govenunent unemployment in-
surance? Or do you want the 
govenunent to put people to work? 

I say we should put people to 
work. 1be Hawkins Bill is the first 
step. 1be second thing is a public 
works program. The public works 
program bas to involve plaming 
by the govenmem and investment 
by the government The different 
kinds of enterprises can range 
from private to co-ops to gover-

the government that they don 't 
think can work. Our program tries 
to lay out thIS alternative, which is 
a more grass roots governmental 
structure. 
Question: Would you explain your 
proposal for handling the CIA? 
Hayden: I think we need a dif-
ferent type of intelligence agency 
that's more in keeping with dif-
ferent foreign policy assumptions. 
I don ' t see the world as a 
dangerous world, with con-
spiracies and Soviet agents 

. breathing down our necks 
everywhere. That's the world that 
the Pentageon would like us to see 
because they are able to get their 
appropriations through a 
suspicious Congress. 

I think that you need In-
telligence including the abili~ to 
know what weapons other CCIUR-
tries have, whether they are 
pointed at us or nOt But I don't 
think spies are effective a-t 
gathering infonnation. 
QuestIOD: Would you favor total1y 
dismantling the CIA and starting 
over? 

terms of benefits when you came 
home. There are enonnous job and 
education problems, drug 
problems ... 

I'd like to see better conditions in 
the VA hospitals. I'd like to see vets 
in charge of sound rehabilitation 
programs. I'd like to see vets 
benefits extended on the campuses 
and I 'd like to see it coupled with 
an amnesty for all the people still 
in exile. I'd like to see both ends of 
our generation, the one that 
resisted the war and the one that 
fought the war, to no longer be 
played against each other. 
Question: What are you willing to 
commit American defense policy 
to? You spoke of protecting the 
continental US and maintaining 
traditional alliances. What are the 
traditional allia.nces? 
Haydea: First, .. think we should 
reduce nuclear overkill, but retain 
a Iluclear deterrent. Second, we 
should cut aid to rig~-wing dic-
tatorships; the Spain, the Por-
tugal, the Chile, the South Korea 
type of dictatorships, before we get 
dragged in on the lIIIJIOPular and 

He pauses for a silence that seems longer than it is, and then amwers· . 
simply and matter-of-factly, "Yes, I am twice-born," and goes on quietly 
from there. A spark has passed between the two; they have com-
municated in their own way, in a language that is more familiar, perhaps, 
in reVivalist Georgia than in snow-bound New Hampshire. We go out into 
the waist-high drifts, wondering who will be the next president and 
whether it could be, just possibly, this surprising political novelty. 

I have a political activist friend in Washington who burst out against 
carter with a vehemence that startled me: " He's a two-faced louse!" he 
ejaculated, or words to that effect. My friend thinks he's a hypocrite -
nuiybe he is prejudiced. Deep down, perhaps he is asking a variant of that 
old question, " can anything good come out of Georgia?" . 

Politicians are permitted a certain degree cI. ambiguity, and their 
survival requires cloudy rhetoric on occasion. In the Iowa caucus on the 
emotional abortion issue Carter said, yes, he was against abortion, no, he 
wasn't for a constitutional amendment, and he added a maybe - maybe 
he would favor some vague federal statute on the subject Democratic 
liberal candidates denounced him for cynical deviousness and Carter won 
the contest. 

My impression is that audiences yearn to believe Jimmy Carter. They 
are looking for something. It is tU manner and tone. He baa a mop of hair 
like a wig turning gray at the ean, a trademark grin, a wann, frieudly 
manner, a pietistic appeal and a homely face of the moat attractive sort 
that reminds ·one of Eleanor Roosevelt. Underneath is a fint rate In-
telligence and rare ambition - hard as nails. After Annapolis, peanut 
farming and warehousing, and after leading a l~year fig~ to end 
segregation in the local church, the local scbool and the local commun{ty, 
he ran for office with the public support rJ. segregationists like ~ster 
Maddox and of those who nonnally would back George Wallace. 

Did they think they could control him? As governor he hung the picture 
of Martin Luther King in the state capitol, and he has now the support of 
some of Georgia's respected black leaders, Andrew Young and Julian 
Bond. It's as odd a combination as American politics has recently seen. 

At a recent rally of Democratic. presidential hopefuls here, Jimmy 
Carter stunned his audience by Wlexpectedly alUlouncing that if revenue 
sharing of federal funds is extended (as he hopes), the money should be 
sent to cities, not states; that states are diverting money from poor 
people to marg inal capital improvement projects like golf courses and 
parks. Wisconsin's governor Lucey registered sharp " distress," but they 
couldn't budge Jimmy. If he is ambiguous on some things he is obstina te 
on others: "sot" the Yankees call it. 

Tom Hayden at last week's appearance on Revelle plaza . ITT photo : Nathan 
Meyers) 

Ploughing aroWid in New Hampshire's snow now, with the primary 
three weeks off, is Ronald Reagan. He is as surprising a candidate in his 
way as carter. At every appearance for two days I heard him tell 
audiences that the state sends "$115 million" alUlually to Washington and 
gets back only " $100 million" in services, so why wouldn't it be better, he 
asked in his frank, likable way, to just keep the money at home and save 
$15 million? 

At his final press conference on the trip, Ted Knap, of Scripps-Howard, 
asked him if that extra $15 million didn't go into the Anny, Navy, Air 
Force and interstate highways and wasn't it IJ bargain, therefore and 
where did he get the statistic anyway? 

rune nt enterprises. I don't think 
that the form of ownership is the 
key thing. U's making sure that 
the tax dollar is wisely invested in 
the job producing area and that 
what you want built is built. 

The role of the government has 
to be to assert the public interest. 
I kn.ow that t.hese days government 
is not in fa shion, especially among 
members of government who seek 
to dissociate themselves and their 
ambitions from the structure that 
they' re in. But my solution to that 
would be for them top resign a nd 
let somebody else' do it differently. 
Not le t them continue to command 

Hayden: Yes, Ithink that you have 
to start over; there are some CIA 
agents that can be rehabilitated, 
but for the most part they have left 
the agency. The ones that saw the 
truth about Vietnam were fired or 
left volunta rily. 
Question: What do you consider to 
be the problems of today's veteran 
population? 
Hayden : Having been sent off to a 
war as champions and heroes and 
coming back to a society where 
there's no respect and no jobs. 
Where the Presidents and officials 
who sent you off cheering you 
would like to forget about you in 

UCSan Diego 

.tap'kWoelber 
M."ilDg editor 

~rkStadler 
Nt wl edltor 

Crail{ Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sera J , u.en 
Community Editor 

Dave Ellen 
Sports editor 

Joba H. Taylor 
E&tClr-m ..... ief 

James G. Soto 
City editor 

ADDeUebier 
Cepyedltor 

Keuzie Nicoli 
Bulue .. MII_,er 

Damel SMwler 
Artl editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office Dl8D8ger 

unwinnable s ide. Third, we should 
also cut back in the capacity to 
carry on long, protracted wars of 
occupation like Vietnam. 

We have an obligation of military 
and economic assistance tQ secure 
Is rael against attack. Not a blank 
check to expand our holding in the 
Middle East, but to be a party to a 
settlement if there ever is to be a 
settlement. 

In terms of Europe we should 
gradually reduce our armed forces 
in Europe and insist that Western 
Europe defend itself. We could 
have a military alliance but not a 
traditional NATO alliance. 

Special Issue 

Ronald Reagan registered complete surprise. He explained that he had 
" never understood the thing that way" and that he couldn't remember 
where he got the figure and " if I 'm mistaken," he said disarmingly, "I 
stand corrected ." What more was there to say? 

President Ford will be up in New Hampshire shortly, too, the very 
fountainhead of the movement for a do-less govenunent and a politiCian 
who has staked a great deal on a bold gamble. He says in his budget that 
he knows of no way to get unemployment below seven percent in the 
coming year and is asking for reelection on that basis. Mr. Ford deserves 
a good deal of credit for his frankness and the consistency of t1is beliefs. 

By contrast, when Nixon was up in 1972 he spun the wheels of the 
economy Wltil after election, and then settled back with the slwnp we still 
have. Mr. Ford has asked the nation to tighten its belt, lower its el-
pectations and accept what he proudly calls the "new realism," which 
means the trickled down theory and reliance on private business, not the 
government, to make jobs. . 

In essence, this is what Herbert Hoover preached, but things are a lot 
better now. Income maintt:nance programs (unemployment insurance, 

The Triton Times plans a special food stamps, social security) have cushioned the worst recession since 
issue on the concept of a university the 30's ; the most amazing aspect of the whole affair h~ been no riots, "0 
education in general, and UC San bloodshed. The very programs Mr. Ford wants to curtail have bouyed us 
D· g' b d of ed ti . up so far. ~~~~r ran uca on In Uberal economists think it is too early to adopt the contractionary 

The iss~e will discuss what a bu~et Mr. Ford favon, ~tCongress will probably take care at_ Just 
Wlivenity educatiCfn is good for as It gave us last.. year s tax cut that helped the current rev:lval . 
tangibly (~t is getting a job) Democrats will be wise not to underestimate Mr. Ford's appeal. He will 

, , • blame Congress even wNie thlnp get better (if they do). Mr. Ford bas 
and leu tangibly (becoming ( .th. His a1 ssentiaUy is t the "_At IJent maJority" wNeb INIY prepared for " life," both al . .appe e 0 ... - s 
emotionally and intellectually. ) ,..e_lect_h_lm_m_N_o_ve_mber _ _ . ______________ --, 

The issue will appear Monday, 
Feb. 23. 

In addition to stories by mem-
bers of our staff, the lsaue will 
Include perspective and opinion 
pieces by members of the campus 
community. We welcome sub-
missions from anyone who has 
something to say about education, 
here or anywhere. The deadline is 
Feb. 13. 

. ~ , '" 9\ , ., •• ,. , ••• ", 1' , 

TIle Trllon TI",.. la recognized by the ComInunlcMiGn' BOMI of UC8D .. tile ofIIcIaI 
lIudant ......,.1*. PublIClilIon " on MoncIaYi. w.cInMdayl IIICI I'nu,1 dudItII .... 
regula, K hOOl y .. r (e><Cep1 on offlclaf hoI\cI8ya) . Ed"on.I IfId bu .... 01flMl ere 
located In 117 81 .... H, " on lhe ,.,.. .. Collaga CIlllP". UnI ... lty 01 c.l1I_", .... 
Diego. 

L.lters to the Editor ."d opinion column. are welcomed . All 1UbmI .. lant IIIOUId lit 
Iyped on I 7.·apace " ne on no .... ...,..~. They IIIouId not uOMe! I .... pIIJM In 
length do~b"·apaced . The Trllon Tlmea _ lhe rIQIIt 10 edll lUbrlMallOnl ..... 
of apace IImitationa or atyte ,.qul""""a. 

For edllollll i. c.l1 452·34l1li: fOI bullnwalll4 diaplay ad ... I_I,. CIIII4&2.,.. 
Enllrecontenll copyrigh t 1 111&. Triton TI,"". 

I • , , • I , • •• •••• • I • • •• • .. 

Wedoe.y, February., 1971 ~ rlfoll f I n.'S Page three 
Physicists L~ok ~t ESP: Not Only Impossible, But ~rue 

by Paullronkwe 
ScieDce Writer 

It is common knowledge to physicists that information transfer between two physically 
separated locations takes place by elec~gnetic wave pr~gation. This could be ~ light, 
microwaves or radio waves. However, It has atso been recognized (by parapsychologISts and 
the common folk) that there are other 'hwnan' ways to transmit information which ap-

rently seem to violate the laws of physics. Such modes of information transfer are 
:lIectJvelY called psi phenomena or more popularly as 'extra-sensory perception ' (ESP). 

Basically, ESP can be classified under four major subdivisions namely telepathy, clair-
voyance, precognition and psychokinesis . Telepathy is information transfer from one mind to 
another by thought; clairvoyance involves discerning events and objects not present to our 
nOrmal senses. In precognition, information of a future event is actually perceived now and 
psychokinesis entails the ability of the mind to exert some force on objects. 

The weird nature of ESP in relation to physics as we now know it, has caused it to be a less 
respected field of investigation. It is not a surprise, therefore, that a majority of physiCists 
have considered scientifically undocumented stories of ESP events as sheer superstition and 
to many ESP may be labelled " essentially superstitious physics." However, the ac-
cumulating weight of scientifically documented evidence under controlled laboratory con-
ditions are causing many to wonder whether the laws of physics have an explanation for such 
phenomena. An answer to this question may bring ab~~t a new revision of our concept of 
space and time, comparable to that of the theory of relatlvlty. 

In search for a physical ex-
planation for ESP, Stanford 
Research IrL'Itltute (SRI) physicist 
and ESP researcher Dr. Russel 
Targ, in a recent colloquium at UC 
San Diego actually confronted 
physicists here with the "im-
possible but true' reality rJ. ESP. 
From our observations, no 
colloquium last quarter attracted 
so large a physics audience. An 
hour after his humor-packed 
presentation, Targ was still an-
swering questions irom the 
inquisitive audience. 

ESP Experimenll 
In the fint part of his talk, Targ 

described well controlled ex-
periments with psychic subjects, 
experiments which stronglysuggesi 
that " a channel elists whereby 
information about a remote 
location can be obtained by means 
of as 'yet unidentified perceptual 
modality." Noteworthy from the 
impressive catalogue of his ex-
periments with psychics is the 
ability of two psychics. 

IngoSwaM- a New York artist and Pat Price - a forme r police commissioner capable of the 
following feats : describing the contents of a sealed envelope hidden in another room. rais ing 
the temperature of an object and describing in words and drawings a remote geographical 
site not previously known to the subject. According to Targ, these experiments were con-
ducted under sufficient control, " utilizing visual, accoustic and electrica l shielding, to ensure 
that all conventional paths of sensory input were blocked." Most of these experiments were 
carried out under such conditions that the probability of the subjects giving a cor rect answer 
by guessing was one in a million ! To date, he added, many of these remote v iewing ex-
periments have been " very sa tisfactorily" replicated at UCSB, UC Berkeley a nd at Stanford. 

MAJOR DISCOVERIES 
After over three years of intensive investigation , the SRI group a ppears to have pinned 

down certain physical characteristics of ESP. Unlike infonnation transfer by elec-
tromagnetic waves, information transfer by ESP, Targ noted , is independent of distance and 
all types of electromagnetic shielding and in some cases (precognition ) can travel faste r than 
the speed of light! Another surprising discovery of the SRI group is that 'objects in ra pid 
motion are in general not perceived' by an ESP subject. 

Physiologically, the SRI ~xperimenters have not found any correlation between elec-
troencephalographic (EEG ) brainwave recordings of a subject and the ability to receive ESP 
signa ls. In fact, thei r experiments with numerous subjects Indicate that everyone is a 
potential ESP receive r. " We have not fOWid anyone who could not do this." "We did not find a 
class of people who failed ... ," Targ emphasized. 

BRAIN WAVE EXPERIMENTS 
The most dramatic aspect of the SRI experiments were the brainwave experiments in 

which a subject, resting with eyes shut, had her brain-waves shifted to a higher frequency 
when a strobe lamp was flashed at 6 HZ or 16 HZ for 10 second intervals in a distant 

I~boratory, even though the subject was unaware on a cognitive level of exactly when the 
hght was flashed. " We consider this probably the most important of the experiments we have 
done," Targ said, " in tliat we have direct phys iological evidence for a kind of rroncognitive 
perception of a remote target." 

MAGNETOMETER EXPERIMENTS 
As though the above experiments might not be convincing enough to physicists, Targ also 

has gone further to seek other demonstrable evidence for ESP. A squid magneometer inside a 
superconducting shield is reputed to be non-perturbable. Can psychic psychokinetically in-
fluence its swing? Experimenting with the psychic artist Ingo Swann, the SRI researchers 
found that of all recorded perturbations of the magnetometer, twice as many occurred during 
the psychic's working time as did occur at other times! 

THEORIES AND SPECULATIONS 
"wt.>lt"is not forbidden is required" P.A.M. Dirac 

Targ appears to be fully aware of the wall of skepticism his ESP experiments was bound to 
meet with especially when talking to an audience of distinguished phYSicists. " What brings 
me to La Jolla," he stressed, " is that what I'm telling you is not only 'impossible' but is also 
true and what I look forward to from physicists here is to help reconcile the impossible with 
the true and make some sort of physical reconstruction in which this can be permitted to 
ha ppen instead of forbidden ... " 

He added that as of da te, there is yet no comprehensive physical theory for ESP 
phenomena. " Different people have different ideas a nd it is a n open subject" he noted. 
However, a few big names in physics have occassiona lly reflected on ESP. David Bohm, he 
said , believes in a kind of 'Quantum Connectedness' a nd holds the view that quantwn theory 
predic ts a connectedness transcending space a nd time and that if this kind of thing (ESP) 
were not observed, then he would think there is something wrong with quantum mechanics . 
Oliver Costa deVorre, a French relativist, fa vors a kind of advanced potential theory ex-
planation for precognition , and the Soviets, who a ppear to be ahead of the US in the ESP race, 
are convinced of an E LF (electromagnetic low frequency) explanation. However, Targ 
thinks that the 'data-rat e is too high to admit to this expla nation.' The SRI group is not without 
a theory of its own. Their experiments have suggested that certain s!lbjects can have' access 
to future time' and are able to describe correctly certain events before they happen. Hence, 
the SRI group favors a theory that includes a n additional coordinate of complex time in which 
information is mediated by tachyons (hypothetical particles supposed to travel faster than 
the speed of light): 

n IIluslral,on by Mark Robb 
Readers further interested in 

other views on ESP and physics 
are referred to Arthur Koestler's 
very excit ing book : " The Roots of 
Coincidence" (Vintage Books 
Edition cost $1.95) or for more 
details of the ESP experiments at 
SRI, read: " Information Tran-
smission under Conditions of 
Sensory Shielding" by Russell 
Targ and Harold Puthoff in 
" Nature" of October 18,1974. 

VIEWS ON THAT ESP TALK ... 

Since t he ESP colloquium 
generated so much interest and so 
many questions, our science writer 
Wldertook to get .behind the cur~ 
tains to hear what the professors 
and graduate students a re 
thinking. There a re the views of 
some of those interviewed: 

Lu Jeu Sham (professor of 
physics)-

" Dr. Targ's experimimts sound ve ry interesting, though I think more experiments of a 
confirmatory na ture are needed from other sources, to help theorists. However, I'll mention 
that it is a dangerous attitude to asswne that unexplanable events are necessarily untrue." 

LeonardLieberman (professor of physics)-
" Having worked with magnetometers of the sensitivity described in the lecture, I know how 

difficult, if not impossible, to de tect such small noises and be able to distinguish it from 
geomagnetic noise. Such magnetometers are so sensitive they can detect the presence of 
moving cars. Dr. Targ did not mention any controls which show that in fact the signals were 
not random noise but were due primarily to the psychic's influence." 

Sheldon Schultz ( profe~or of physlcs)-
Asked to comment 00 ESP research and the possibility of sponsoring a pr.ysics graduate 

student thesis on ESP, Profellsor Schultz said : " I think ESP is a legitimate area of research 
and should be encouraged among phys icists. P ersonally, I would be willing to supervise a 
graduate resea rch in this order." In other respects, Schultz had these comments: " The 
remote vtewing experiments were adequately discussed but the brain-wave and 
magnetometer experiments were too briefly described. I think more experiments need to be 
done a nd the question of improving signal to noise of the subject receivers look into. 
Simultaneous of a number of psychics may a lso be valuable." On the distance-
independence of ESP, Schultz said: "It has yet to be quantitatively proved, not assumed .. . " 

JoiuJ Goodkind (professor of . physics) had these comments on the magnetometer ex-
periments. "The magnetometer experiments sounded ve ry qua litative to me. The results he 
obtained cannot be subjected to quanti tative statistical a nalysis." 

Two graduate students had this to say: 
Peter Czipott - I was favorably impressed by the talk, but I still don 't understand its 

physics. We know of four kinds of interactions in physics : nuclear force, electrical in-
teract ions, the beta-decay interaction and g ravity, and none of them is independent of 
distance . Is it possible then that we a re looking at a new kind of interaction, assuming ESP is 
rea lly true? On ESP research, it would be interesting to look into it if such research could be 
supported here. 

Bob caldwell - " I don 't believe t he magnetometer experiments are correctly done." On 
how the ESP s ignals are transferred, Bob said: " It can't be by ELF since a lot of infonnation 
caMot be carried to give a resolution of the type described in the lecture. Now elec-
tromagnetic waves (EMV ) fall off with distance. Hence, if Dr. Targ's observat ions are true, 
it cannot be EMV. What else can it be ... ?" 

Dr Russel Targ will be lecturing in the Frontiers of Science class on February 12. Interested 
students could hear him at HSS 2250 at 1:00 pm. 

J 



Wedaelday, Febnaryt, lI'lI 

Third Reporter 

Events for Seniors Top Third Activities 

by Steve ColmaD 
CalPIRG 

" At least a qUllrter, and perhaps as many as balf of all pharmacies in 
San Diego are violating the provisions of the State's prescription drug 
price posting law. This was the result or a survey of 165 pharmacies in the 
metropolitan area by the California Public Interest Research Group 
(CaIPlRG). . 

The study examined compliance with the drug price posting law, as 
well as compiled drug prices from pbarmacies. The study revealed that 
while most pharmacy prices are within a fairly reasonable range, dif· 
ferences between some of the low and high priced pharmacies are as 
great as four to six·fold. 

COMMENTARY 

by Brian Davis 
Staff Writer 

Two events designed for Third 
College seniors highlight the up-
coming activities for the college. 

Next Monday, the Graduation 
Committee will meet for the first 
time. The committee will begin to 
organize itself for the June 
graduation ceremonies as well as 
make some tentative plans for 
speakers. The committee will meet 
in CR 107 at6:3Op.m. 

"Opening the Door to the Work 
World" is the theme of a three part 
career workshop for seniors at 
Third. The workshops begin next 
......,,="-:,...---:--~-:--:---'"7""'-:--.,.--:-;---;--;--:-":':""::-::-::":'....... Wednesday at 7 and 9 pm and will 

"The drug price posting law went into effect just two years ago. It rWl every Wednesday through Feb. 
requires pharmacists to post a List of the 100 most commonly prescribed 25. The program will be at CR 107. 
drugs in the State," explained Sus!!n Sayler, who, along with myself, Next Wednesday's session will 
helped coordinate the Drug Price Posting Study. cover identification of skills, ex· 

"'The law says that pharmacies must post the retail price actually periences and interests by the 
charged for each drug. Yet we found many pharmacies ope~ly a~itting enwloyer of the potential em-
that they posted their maximum price for drugs, and offermg to give us ployee. 
the real prices they charged. These prices were usually substantially less The Feb. 18 meeting will cover 
than the posted price. This practice is illegal and misleading. It makes the matching of particular talents 
comparisons between pharmacies impossible. Some pharmaCies were with particular occupations. 
even listing '$99 or less' for all drug prices." The final meeting will focus on 

Besides inaccurate prices being placed on the posters, we discovered how to apply for and obtain a job. 
that it's often difficult to find or read the posters. Many pharmacies are The workshops are jointly 
putting the price poster in some out·of·the-way corner. Others are placing 
it so far behind the counter that you have to ask to step behind the counter 
in order to read it. 

Prescription drug costs make up a significant portion of total spending 
on health care - 11 % of the total cost of such care. It should be em· 
phasized that high prescription drug prices hurt those least able to pay 
for them - the old and the infirm. While most Americans will spend about 
$30 in the coming year on prescription drugs, the average elderly person 
will spend over $90. Only a portion of drug costs are covered by MediCare, 
Medi·Cal, or other insurance. 

Although most students can probably get their prescriptions filled 
mostly cheaply at the Student Health Center, two things should be kept in 
mind. First, the Health Center carries only a limited stock of drugs, so 
you 'll probably find yourself at some point having to purchase drugs from 
a regular pharmacy. Second, as students, we are also members of society 
as a whole. In two or three years most of us will be paying the same in-
flated drug prices as everyone else. It's important that we understand the 
importance of ~derstanding how to obtain price information about 
pharmacies and other health care services. 

For example, few realize that the pharmacist must give out price in· 
formation, no matter how requested (e.g., over the phone). Few know 
that the drug price posters even exist, much less how to use them. 

In order that we, as consumers, be given" the infonnation needed to 
make intelligent choices about the pharmacies we choose, we recom· 
mend to the pharmacists that they utilize their right to advertise drug 
prices. . 

The enormous spread in drug prices indicates that very little price 
competition between pharmacies is taking place. The price posters, while 
a good idea, require that the consumer actually travel to the pharmacies. 
Advertisements, if they provide solid information about the drugs, could 
make comparison of drug prices much easier. 

The lowest·priced pharmacies in different areas were as follows: 
La Jolla: Med Rx Drugs and Burn's Drugs. 
Clairemont: FedMart-Genessee Plaza, Long 's Drugs, and Drug Mart. 
Mission Bay Area : Fed Mart·Arena Plaza (lowest County), Med Rx 

Drugs· Pacific Bea ch, and Thrifty Drugs-Pacific Beach. 
North County: Med Rx Drugs·Encinitas, Solana Beach Pharmacy, 

Thrifty Drugs·Encinitas, and Thrifty Drugs-Carlsbad. 
You should a lso consider va r ious services pharmacies provide, along 

with considerations of price. Ask your doctor to write your prescription in 
Engli~h (not Latin), then phone around to several pharmacies to find the 
lowest price. 

Coop Shows 
Concern for 
Credibility 

by Ken Stipanov 
Staff Writer 

Improving the credibility of the 
Student Cooperative was again the 
m!ljor topic of the Coop meeting 
Monday night. 

In recent weeks, the Coop has 
become increasingly concerned 
with its credibility, which many 
members feel is deteriorating. 

Coop members discussed at 
length the poSBibility and value of 
meeting every two weeks to in-
crease attendance and in-
volvement. (Meetings are 
presently held weekly. ) 

Last week, the CQOP discussed 
having large, monthly meetings 
for the same reasons. 

No decision was reached on 
either proposal. 

In other business, the Coop 
approved budget a llocations 
totaling $9017. Major allocations 
included $2500 for Cinco de Mayo 

p~ograms, $1090 for the Muir 
Outing Club, $1050 for a future all· 
campus dance and $3189 for a 
science fiction film festival. 

It is expected that the film 
festival will pay for itself through 
ticket sales. 

NOW OPEN DA ILY 
THE JUTE DEPOT 

U.C., SAN DIEGO CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD pr ... nl, 

2368 Kettner Blvd . 
Kettner and Laurel 

Phone 239-1418 9:30t06dai ly 
LOWEST PRICES 
IN TOWN FOR 

26 smilshing lUTE colors 
Beads·~ings·Shells·Books· 

Ethnic Jewelery 
10~ , off wi th this ad . 

sponsored by the Dean's office and 
the Career Planning Office. 

Other EveDts 
"Walk Aj)out" is the titie of a 

major documentary film dealing 
with Australian aborigines. The 
piece deals with a young man on a 
one year trek with only a few 
implements at hls - disposal. The 
storyline centers on the im· 
possibilities of communication 
with varied backgrounds and 
cultures. The film will be shown 
Feb. 17 in USB 2722 at8 pm. 

For those who prefer a more 
physical event, Third College is 
tentatively setting Feb. 20 as a 
" Bowling Night." Further in-
formation may be obtained from 
the Dean's office. 

As always, any interested Third 
College student is invited to submit 

CIMBTERS 
SAVE UP TO 5<r1. in '76 

EUROPE f,omS21e t 
2-3-.. -5-6 up to 2 .. w1a. 

APR.·OCT. '76 
Over 915 Flights but: 
LIMITED SEAtS on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 
0_ r.II "-s I, _II. 

291-8141 

. :D.!iY:~:~. 
.. ~ ... :l<l ... .J ... .. , l . I," 

Minion V.'ley-Equotable liclg 
1333 Camino ., lio South 

S.D .. CA 92101 

ideas to the Social Activities 
Committee, which meets at 11 am 
every Wednesday in Room 17, 412 
Matttlew8. 

The Arts Department is looking 
for an intellectual and witty person 
who is willing to write news and 
feature stories for the arts page. 
An intense knowledge of the ar-

. listic endeavors of humanity is not 
needed. What is needed is an 
ability to put English words 
together in a coherent and 
gramatically correct manner. Stop 
in the Triton Times office and ask 
for Dan. 

a wumpus. or f;hiHing -a rilbblt in a milt? 
Would vou like to match wits Wit h I 
.,.,...imslcal grocer. solye thl mystlry of the MlY' hun ring cab ins. or ponder a palindrome' If 10. 

• you need Cre.,;ve Compur ing, the fun -and-
."4 PA6~S tW JIItl- gam .. compu'.' magaz in • . 

JfI6INA , TIAJ:S A 1lriI'«! THE NEXT PICASSO _ A CQMPUTER7 
BUILDING YOUR OWN COMPUTER7 Can a compo'.' croa'. oroglnol .rt7 Or i. " 

Wha te",,' machlOe 'Iou budd or buy - Al tair, lust a tool? Does alt computet art look 
$pher • • OEC. DG. Pace. o r ? - you need " mecl'lanlcal" ? Will computer art hi'll' an 

C,~ativ~ Computmg. BUilding and program· Impact on an as a whole in Il'Ie future? How 
mlng hints every Issue. Like uSing a cassette to do co lor 9,apl'llcs on your plotter or line 
recorder with an acoustic coupler. Video diSCS printer . 
- th e ultimate 1/0 device. And much more Allaubtcribe", w ilt reu ... _ 

$5 .95 comput ... oft book FREEl 
COULD A COMPUTER 

TAKE OVER THE WORLD7 r;';.:e-':~d-~;'~:;O~'~;i~;: ------i 
Isaac ASlmov In a new short story dncnbes I 0 1 v, . $8 03 Vrs. 521 0 Sample 
......n at happens when all the com.puters on I S1.50 
eerth atler it nuclear holocaust link up to I 
suppor t the few remaining human surVivors. : NAME ________ _ 
Want to know the outcome? Then get f ADDRESS 
Crt1iJt'lIe Comput ing, the magazine that s".aks I ----'-----
VOCIf language. : CITY _________ _ 

. , 
DO COMPUTERS PLAY GAMES WITH YOW, STATE ZIP __ 
Would you like to plav a game wllh I :Return to C,..ti~. Computin" P.O. Box 
,computer ? Like figl'\l ing a space lNar , hunt ing 1789·M. ~O(flItOW" . NJ 07960. 

DEI.P SELECT THE 
STUDENT REGENT 
Applications are now being taken for one 

under.grodlUJle to serve on a regional 
nominating oommission to screen applicant. 

. fur the student regent. 
Pick up application. in the Student Center, 
2nd Floor North, Student Organizations. 

rhe Deadline is February 6. 

APPLY 

Wedoelday, February t, 11'l' f rlfoll •• nil'S 
Gaffney Brings Life to "Wedding Band" 

Childress Recalls Emotional 
Vibrancy of Black People 

by AyoSharpe Gaffney magically thrusts his sust.'lins a c lea rly developed 
An artist walks among us, and audience into an invisible time chara cterization that adds to the 

makes live an idea. The artist is machine through his staging realism of the drama. Debbie 
Dr. Floyd Gaffney, the idea . is technique . . \he lights cOlne up and Huston as Mattie reflects a soft, 
" Wedding Band," a play by Alice sudden!y .It s 1918: The tra~ • . roung blend of innocence and 
Childress which has saved for us a formatIOn IS so IIfehke that we Sit Ignorance, a faithful love. Teeta 
literal")' slice of black life through like quiet intruders, careful not to and Princess are played by Ange la 
the Jove story of a Negro woman in disturb the order of time. Gaffney Cunningham and Gerry Edwards, 
the early 1900s. has interwoven the play with song, with a naturalness that is sur· 

Childress' work disputes the old and manages to sustain a quiet prising and refreshing. Through 
say ing that " the two free-estthings intensity even _ in those rare Nelson, apUy played by James 
in the country are the white man moments when the dialogue out· Avery, Childress voices the 
and the black woman. " " Wedding weighs the action. inability of the black man to 
Band" is a love story, but it is more " Wedding Band " revolves protect his woman, home and 
the story of the love between a around Julia Augustine, a Negro family. Toni Butler as Lula Green 
woman and her people than a woman who wears the wedding brings a qui et hum ility and 
woman and a man. It is a vehicle band of her white lover of ten courage to her role of black 
through which Childress recap- years, Herman, around her neck. motherhood. 
tures the spiritual and emotional Julia , through the abilities of Gaffney gives Towler the stage ; 
vib rancy of black people in all their Laurine Towler, emerges as a she takes it as Julia Augustine and 
idiosyncrasies , complexities, ann dignified, mtelJigent and very makes it her home, revealing her 
confusions in America during that lonely woman. Towler is endowed insides to us . Then in total 
era. with a voice which gives her frustration she rejects her man, his 

Erotic 
Phyliss~ 
Disappointing 

by Sara Lowen 

deliverance an elegance and ex· people, and her people, screaming, 
celJence that cannot go unnoticed. " Leave me to my black self !" 

Childress' characters, are near Childress' powerful climax leaves 
to the black audience - reflections us sitting like secret trespassers 
of past or of distant relatives and uncomfortably saddened. 
fri ends. Fannie Johnson reflects Go touch another time, another 
the attitude of the colored woman space. Watch Gaffney's rendition 
with property; Patricia Roberts of " Wedding Band." 

/ 

THE THRILL 
a= 

IT AlL 

Page five 

I by STE~E ESMEDINA 

This Year's Fad: Nutty Chic 
In the last decade and a half, with the ever increasing popularity of 

psycho-prophets like R. D. Laing, novels like "One F lew Over The 
Cuckoo's Nest," and movies like " King Of Hearts" and " A Woman Under 
The Influence," it has become obvious that insanity has been promoted 
into a lyrical state of grace, an aberrant's sanctuary. 

In all likelihood, Milos Forman's film of "Cuckoo's Nest" will make a 
clean sweep at the Academy Awards this year, as it did at the Golden 
Globe Awards. No one, as far as I know, has been so crass as to bestow a 
generic monicker on these works. I might as well be mee-how about 
" nutty chick?" 

Or, better still, IN-sanity? 
Once past coining an encapsulating nomenclature, the categorist's duty 

is to look for culture heroes, media figures who have carved lucra tive 
careers out of being blatant, no-holds-barred imbeciles. He must sea rch 
fol' those who have shown a total disregard for the constricting demands 
of taste , intelligence, and measured sensibilities. In recent years there 
have been very few worthy candidates-Jerry Lewis and Robert Blake 
come immediately to mind, but they must ultimately be disqualified on 
the grounds of displaying varying degrees of actua l talent. 

The only consistently useless, obnoxious, overbearing, and 
schizophrenic of our prime-times is soul brother number 2,756,823 him· 
se lf, Sammy Davis Jr . I had been under the mistaken assumption that 
Davis' gushy " mah·main·man" demeanor was a pose, a humanitarian's 

The Polish Mime Ballet's per· 
formance of " The Managerie of 
Empress Phylissa" was in· 
triguingly billed as an erotic 
portrayal of the sexual awakening 
of a YOWlg woman . 

Phylissa's sexual awakening 
begins with the opening scene of 
the performance as she 
metamorphoses from a YOWlg girl 
playing with a doll to a nymphet 
who receives her suitors in her bed. 
Scarcely leaving her bed, Phylissa 
embarks on a sexual oddessy 
which includes encounters with a 
cavalier, Napoleon, a Nazi and 
biker. At the end of ' the per-
formance, Phylissa crowns her 
sexual conquests by dressing as a 
r ingmaster and taming her en· 
tourage of lovers. Still, Phylissa 
does not find happiness - when she 
meets her last lover, a coin· 
operated robot, she runs out of 
coins. 

... attempt to exude an unequivocal love for everyone he came in contact 
with. The way Sammy hugged Nixon, his uncontrollable spasms of 
laughter on the slightest pretext (often none at all), his lugubrious 
mixture of practiced ghetto philosophizing and pure, unrehearsed in-
coherency, the intensity of his magnificent plea for individuality, " I 
Gotta Be Me," and his gritty blues classic, " Candy Ma n," led me to 
believe that Sammy's mannerisms were a very deliberate attempt to 
aestheticize goonishness. No one could be tha t much of an asshole and not 
realize it. 

Computer Art 

Sammy, bless his hear, has proven me wrong. He's no foppish actor, 
simply going through the motions of histrionic stupidity. He is the real 
thing··the first actual lunatic to become a celebra ted entertainer. His true 
genius never had a chance to fully bloom until he attained his syndicated 
talk show. This Las Vegas ve rsion of "Sun·Up" is a lways graced with 
such luminaries as Guy Marks, Frankie Laine, and Phil Foster. Sta r· 
studd ed lineups like this haven't been seen since the Norm Crosby show. 

Although the ballet deals with 
the empress' sexual experiences as 
billed, the treatment of the subject 
matter is more akin to burlesque 
than the erotic. Each of Phylissa's 
nine encounters evokes laughter 

Continued on Page 8 

Harold Cohen, noted the world 
over for his resear ch on computer 
simulated freehand drawing, will 
discuss his findings in a seminar 
tomorrow at noon. The seminar is 
being sponsored by the music 
department, in the Mandeville 
Recital Hall. 

Cohen, a member of the Visual 
Arts fac ulty, has been studying 
patterns of behavior that control 

It is with pleasure that we an nounce that 
WESTERN STATE UNIVERSITY COLLEGE OF LAW 

of San Diego 
has been granted Full Accreditation 
by the Committee of Bar Examiners 

of the State Bar of California 

It thus joins its coo"rdinate campus, 
WESTERN STATE UN IVERSITY COLLEGE OF LAW 

of Orange County 
in having achieved that level of accreditation 

N?w :occc'lIing al>plic:o, ions fo, Scp,embe, c1:o,ses from men :o nd women 
with two or more year ' of co liCIC! l'rctli ts. Full ·limc sludenls may curn 
'he J.D. or LL. B. degrce !n 2Y, Or 3 yea" by atlcndin~ dusscs from 1410 !6 h,ours pc, week . Parl-hme siuden, on.IV earn Ihe J.D.'or LL.B. dcgree 
In ]V, of 4 yea,s by ""ending class lin IIVC,uge or J ,imc per wcek , 3 hours 

, pe, class. (jrilduale are eligible 10 lake Ihe Culilornlil Siale Bllr Examin:Ollon. 

Wnl~ or Ph one lor In rOf nl.I' IIJI'I ,,'" C lt llluw 
We'llc,n St ili !! tin I\- "'II)' ('H!!":,": of 1 .. " III ~.'" DICMO 

IllJ I fIInl ~I rc-: I 
S.1n 1>1l!~U . ( al liornl.1 \11101 

I m , 2J2·6506 

freehand drawing and has been 
simulating these processes by 
computer for many yearS'. He will 
talk about attitudes toward 
computing machinery in the arts in 
general, its use in the generation of 
music in particular. 

But it's Sammy 's as inine aplomb which makes the show so engrossing. 
The other night, for example, the multi-ta lented Joey Heatherton had 
finished a rousing torch song and how did Sammy compliment her? By 
asking her if her "sensuous sensuality oozing with sexy ~eductive sen-
suousn~ss" didn't drive every inan she met wild with passion. Joey, 
nervously stuttering, had the audacity to run through the Raquel Welch 1-

Continued on PageS 

. 

GUIDE TO MONEY 
FOR HIGHER EDUCATION 
Guide to more than 250,000 Scholarships and 
Financial Aid Source - items valued at over 
$500 million dollars. 
Contains the most up-to-date information on: 
Scholarships. grants, aids. fell owship . . loans. work·study program s. 
cooperative education programs; and summer job opportunitie ; for 
study at colleges, vocational and technical schools, paraprofessional 
training, community or two·year college , graduate chool, and po t· 
graduate st udy or research: funded on national. regional. and local 

I~vels by the federal govetnment, states, cities. foundations, corpora· 
tlons , trade unions, professional as ociation , frate rnal organizations, 
and minority organizations. Money is available for both average as well 
as excellent ludcnts. both with and without need. 

BENNETT PUBLISHING CO. 
Dept. 214. 102 Charles Stfter. Boston. Mass, 02114. 
Plc;)!>c rush mc __ copics o f G IDE TO MONEY FOR HIGHER ED CA-
TlO~ at SS .lJS rlu~ SOc for postagc :md h:mdling for each copy . 
I ~m o: nclo\in g $ (check Of mon.: ~ ordcr) . 
" ;,mc 

------------------------------------Adddrcss _____________________________ _ 
City ___________________ Slalc _ _ _ _ _ _ Zip 
J.) CopyriShl 1976 BennclI Puhli hing Co. ---..., 

J 



frl.on.I ... ~ 

RiTON TiMES' CLAssifiEd Ads 
Ru.undR ... 

• Clusiliad •• hould either be printed or tYJ)ad on a 3" x 5" cln! ( .... lillibl. 
In Trllon Times 0"1ce). They may be submitted anytime bet_ 9 ...,d 
noon _1 ...,d 4 p.m. 

Th.'ollowlng r ........ for 100 lPACes -If you u .. more spac ... the rat. 
wtll dOUble. (1 00 spaces .. 25 cen ts: 101 10200 .. SOcents). 

Personlis .. 51 
Loll and Found - Iree 
Other ads: studenls" 25 cenl. 
nonSludent. - SI 

Deadlines : 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 pm Monelay for Wednesday; 4 pm 
Wednesday for Frlclay. 

Announcoment.: free. All ...,nouncemenl. will run In the Monday 
calendar . Deadline lor calendar; 4 pm Friday. 

(All adelition. or corrections 10 listings In lhe Schedule of Classes lor 
regular Unl ..... rslly cour .... wi ll be chlfged S1 ). 

housiNG 
3BR·2BA La Jolla Playmore townhome. 
nicely furnished brick patio 454-14 49 
available now $325(214) 
MALE ROOMMATE needed for Ibm Apt. in 
PB 87 .50/M 488-6710 Mike (214) 

Need a place to live Immediately PB or Mesa 
..... preterred . Call Bob ....... nings. 488·5157 . 
(2 fIll 

For rent. Own room In peaceful Ocean Beach 
tIOuse. Clean . lighl . yard-ideal. All utilit ies 
included $100. Steven 222·7195. 27().1059. 
(2/ 9) 

RM mate wanted own rm . $110 mo. 343 9th 
st .. 755~96 yard . washer. V, blk coast 
cruiser Bob. Spike. Charlie (2/61 

Own room In 2BR apl Clairemont. 'or quiet 
nonsmoker. utllne call John at 560-5627 afier 
4_$115(2 / 4) 

For rent 2BDR 1 V, bth fenced yard garage 
renl 5225 elepos $200 near beach shops no 
dogs . kids . Call 753·0490 (214) 

Housemale wanted for FANTASTIC 2 br 
Duplex t 'I> blks to b4PI and coast cruiser !100 
mo call 755-0927 Marshal Blep (2/ 4) 

ANNOtJNCEMENTS 
BODEGA BAY MAR)NE BIOLOGY 
COURSE Bio 177, Spring Quarter. 
This year's topic: Biology of the 
polychaetes. Appl ications and 
interviews must be completed by 
February 12. Application forms 
ova1lable from Pal1ie MacPherson 
(Bonner Holl rm 2246), arronge 
in terviews w i th Dr . Hort line 
through Jocque Jo Ness in Bonner 
Hall rm 2130 X 2007. 

• SERVICES 

Mark Wenz~ , Mime artist available for 
parties . Superb entertainment and 
reasonable rates . Call 224-6011 . (4/ 9) 

Tutoring · any and all 1 ..... 81s 01 French . $5/hr. 
or $3 for one hall hour 452·1588. (3/ 12) 

STEREO REPAIR . Sludent with professional 
training and experience in slereo repair . 
oller. greatly reduced rated to those on 
sludent budgets. Repairs made on all makes 
ane! models. amps. preamps. receivers. 
luners . lapes. and tables. Repaired with 
speed and SOUND GUARANTEE. Call im· 
mediately for free estimate anel or problem 
consultalion . Call 291 ·5927 . (2/61 

Womancare Pregnancy testing. binh 
conlrol. abortions. pre·nalal care and 
women 's health informat ion. 1050 Garnet , 
Pacillc Beach 48IH591 . (2/27) 

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE CAMPUS COUN· 
SELORS office hours 1·3 pm Friday Feb 61h 
Bldg flJ7 Mallhews Campus Religious Affair. 
office Anne Hoffl"nd 278-5190 Paul Holliunel 
279-280t home 453-5217 (2/ 4) 

IBM typlng. fasl . accurale. ane! reasonable. 
560·5565 or 279-6947 ..... es. (2/27) 

The Third College Academic 
Advisir)g Office will be sponsoring 
lhe FORUM ( Fa cilitating and 
Orgonizing lhe Redireclion of 
Undeclored Majors) Meeting 10day 
in CR 104 from 6:30-8 :30 pm. 
Informalion will be ovialoble on 
prospeclive ma jor choices. 

Tickets are now on sole for the 
Tohoe ond Mommoth ski Ir ips in the 
Student Center. 

LOSE 20 POUNDS 
IN TWO WEEKS III 

famous u.s. Women Ski Team Diet 
Dur.ng the non-snow off seoson lhe U .S. Women's Alp ine Ski Teom 

membarl go on the "Ski Team" diet to lose 20 pounds in two weeks. 
Thor'S ri~ht .. 20 pounds i,. 1 ~ day~1 The bosis of the diet is chemical 
lood a ion and was devised by a famous Colorado physician 
espec 01 y for the U .S. Ski Team. Normal energy is maintained (very 
impor a ~tI) wh ile reducing. You keep " full" -- no starvation _. because 
th e di dt S designed thol way . I,'s 6 d iet that is eosy to fal10w whether 
you .... ork, travel or s,ay at home. 

Thir i honestly a fontoslicolly succehful diet. If is weren't , the U.S. 
Wom tdn's Ski Teom wouldn't be permitted 10 use ill Righi? So, give 
yourself the some break the U .S. Ski Team gets . lose weight the 
scientific. proven way. Even i f you've Iried all the other d iets, you owe 
It to yourself to try the U .S. Women's Ski Team Diel. Thot is, i f you 
really do wont 10 lose 20 pounds i n two weeks. Order todoy . Tear this 
Oul as a reminder. 

Send only $2.00 [12.25 for Rush Service\ • cosh IS O.K. to ; R.D.S. 
Products, P.O. Box 834, Depf. 19, Del Mar, CalifornIa 92014. Don 't 
order unless you want fo lose 20 pounds in two weeksl Becouse thot's' 
who f the Sk, Team Diet IS deSigned to doll 

TRAVEl 

EUROPE. ISRAEL. Orient. N V. TGC Low 
COSI flights . 1436 S. La Cienega BI . L.A. 
90035 . (7t41 735-9618 or (213) 652-2727. 
(3fI2) 
EUROPE & TAHITI CHARTER ·FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARL V ClEE· 
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVtCES. UCSD IN· 
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12·4 pm . 452.(J630. (3/ 12) 

SKI HEAVENLY VALLEY during Quarter 
break. March 2\·26 . 5 All Day Lift Tickets . 5 
Nites Lodging . Casino Buffet Dinner & 
Parties Galore all for only 579.90. Ticket. on 
sale at Student Center. g· tt . 12·1. Mon to 
Fri. 

Inslanl Ielephone confirmations on all 
roundtrip charters and tours to Europe 
($339). HawaII ($169) New York (SI69) Orienl 
($437) Mexico ($1 99) and the Middle east. 
Onewavs availa.bte. Plus new, Independent 
experimental 100rs. For 2.. hour in-
formation l reserval lons call collecl West · 
coasl sludent tr8'lel counsel AVCO center 
suite 790 10850 Wilsh ire Blvd . LA 90024 213 
475-6865. Book no laler than 65 days before 
departure. (3112) 

WANTEd 
W E.A.I Now Hiring . $5 .00 HR. 3 shilts; !H . 
1·5. 5·9. Interviews Mon 4 p.m . & Thurs 4:00 
pm . 784t Balboa A .... .. S.D. Ca. (216) 

Need extra cash ? Buying old U.S COins . Al so 
buying U.S. sit ...... coins mlnled before 1965. 
Ken. 453·7924. (3(12) 
NEWSPAPERS from 1974 and 1975. all or 
parI. LA TImes or any paper. Will pay S. Mike 
276-7315 (21 4) 

PERSONAls 
Cowboy wllh a heart of gold . lstwlpe wllhis 

• novel. For 'ree 151 chapter . senl slamped 
envelope to ; Charles Heimler. 743 Crest Rd . 
Del Mar 9201 4. (3/121 

Linda. they may have walked 011 with 3 
burritos . bUI Ihey did not get the special 
recipe. It was fun Nick (2/ 41 

MCAT Preporotion Course w ill meet 
every Wednesdoy from 5-6 pm in 
the Bas ic Sc ience Building room 
2100. Anyone plonning to toke th is 
course is invited to parlicipote. For 
more informotion coli 452·4253. 

Positions are open for Muir College 
Orientation Leaders for th is 
summer. For informotion, call the 
Mui r Dean ' s Office X3587 or drop 
by HSS 2125. 

Men·Women t JobS on ships I American. 
foreign. No experience required . Exoellent 

~ay . Wo.ldwide tr_1. Summe. job or c .... er. 
Send $3 for Info. SEA FAX Dept. B.e. Box 
20>19. Port Angeles. Washington 98382 (2113) 

PVC Hipy Papy .bthuthclththuthcla bthuth· 
dy J J A. (2/4) 

PP and LL; Two chickens like you gals . The 
masked matchmaker (2/4) 

Cheri Happy belated birthday to one of my 
favorite people B. (2/4) 

Weallhy famity desires to adopt cauc. In'ant . 
Forinfocall ~!Hl873. (2/27) 

Free Valentine's Day per-
sonals! 

Big deal, Well, it's aU we can 
offer. 

If you've got a hundred or so 
words of love and affection (other 
emotions are welcome, of course, 
but not preferred), get them to 
the office by 4 pm Wednesday, 
Feb.lI . 

They' ll appear, for all to see, 
Feb. 13. 

fOR SAlE 
Peugeol PX10LE . Frame 531 . Size 21 v,". 
Rodie Main saddle . Campy. Clnetli . $205.00 
X3077 ask for Mark Siall (2/4) 

Bicycle & regu lator 25" 'rame Raleigh $90 . 
Mark VII exc. conel . 590. Call D8'le alier 10 
pm . 459·5049. (2/ 4) 

Sylvania 19" color TV; Dynaco 120 amp. teac 
headphones ; color bar & signal dot gener. 
753·7621 . (2/ 4) 

69 Valianl 6 cyl. A IC Power br & st 51100 
elays·453·282O. X3~ Eves·469-6896 . (21 t1) 
Suzuki TS 18Sec 1972 rebuilt engine. Rebu il t 
carburetor slarts 151 kick 5425.00 Mike 453-
9663(2/91 

1 pair Daviel Bowie tickets good seats. Call 
454-7954 afler 8 ..... e. Ask for SIeve (2/41 

70 VW VAN new engine . ra(lial Ilres brakes. 
slarter . generalor. 011 cooker $2.t95 .oo Jim 
272 ·7462 . (2/9) 

Tomorrow ot noon in the Mon· 
deville Recital Hall , Harlold Cohen, 
noted ortist, will discuss computer 
simulated freehond drawings . 
Everyone welcome to anend . 

Vol unteers are needed for the 
MCAT Course. Studenls who took 
the course last year and can 
volunteer their time, pleose conlact 
Shirley Cunninghom X4253. 

FRIDAY February 6 

"Murder on 'the 

Compact refrigerator 5 cu. h . $180-.alue. 
on ly $100 practicalty new. Call Bob 452.071 3. 
(2/ 6) 

For sal. Honda CB350 1972 low mileage 
excellont condition . Call Ca .... at 453·9191 
during day (214) 

For sal .. Bowie ticket. sun nighl Feb 8 althe 
LA Forum call 453·1572 and ask for Eel . (2/6) 

Fion .. r P112 lurnlable w / base. co ..... r. and 
550 can . One monlh old . Just $75. Call 273-
3500 . (2/6) 

1975 Kawasaki 400 full dress 550 miles new 
condilion call Anne .... 755-24()7 $11 00 Or 
hest offer (2/9) 

-

lOST & fouNd 
LOST·3x5 Ismail) spiral notebook last Thurs. 
in CRt 09 or thereabouts. Has my internship 
noles. 453·1248 (2/4) 

LOST. U S. Army ammo box conlaining auto 
lools . lett In parkln<,j lot East 01 "PM • Blo 
Bldg . Relurn 10 T.T. office - reward (21 4) 
LOST 10 carel soc . sec. number e ... d end t· 
94 with the name Tuan A. Le please call 452. 
8368 aller 7 pm (2/4) 

LOST; key ring with one brass key. two .11 .... r 
ones . Return to limes office $10 reward. (2/4) 

LOST ·lurQuoise bracelet. Belween Tioga & 
parking lot . Please return . Sentimental! F·46 
or call 452·9615 (2/4) 

LOST·brown bag conlainlng T·shirt and 
student 10. Only want 10. No Questions 
asked call Randy 452·9637 (214) 

LOST' Pet rock . medium sized. oval shaped . 
grey with some brown & black markings . mix 
breed . Answers to Mortimer. Cal l 453-8538 
(2/ 4) 

LOST pair rd wI & bl mirror sunglasses al 
bathroom at HL t431 . Please r.'um 10 Triton 
Times office (2141 
FOUND Teddy Bear in Mu ir parking lot. If 
yours call · 453-8710 (2/4) 

Brian Walsh your natural Iclence 2A SP 
Syllabus Is In the Triton Times 011108. (214) 
FOUND; 2 wallets J . Ainsworth & K Kelley· 
call75~4605 afler 6'00 and claim (2/4) 

Applications are now being oc· 
cepted for the Muir Dartmoulh 
e)(change program for the spring 
quarter, 1976. Any inferested 
sludenls should conlocl Mmdne 
Henry in lhe M uir Provost Office for 
further information . The deadline 
is February 6. 
Atlenlion : PREMEDS MCAT ap-
plications are now available in the 
Premed Office MC 412. Test 

starring 
Orient Express" 

lIuren Bacall . M.rtin Balsam. Ingrid Bergman. Jacqueline Bi ... , . Seen Connery. John Gielgud. Anlhony Parliino. Va ... s .. Radar ..... 
Richard Widmarlo . Michael York . and ALBERT FINNEY 

AS HERCUlE POIROT 

USB 2722 7:30 and 10:00 $1 

SATURDAY February 7 
"Memories of 

U nderdevelopIIlent" 
(Cuba 97 min 

dI." 01 a bourveols "'teI*:Iuet _""" in .... Id.t of the rapidly c ......... oc:W ...... y ot ..... ~ CUW. TIle _t". intI''''''''' with document • ., ,..,. .... of hi.toric:aI._t. l .... la, of ",1" .. tIon. Cuban mi .... ""'''1. Toyl ..... CIIfttPI·x 
Ifascln.IUnlti'pc)r\fI.it of an In\l .. i ..... . 11_.., from tho .ocl.1 proe ......... rId him. 

Directed by Thomas Gutierrez Alea 
PLUS "For the First Time" a short by Octavio Cortazar 

Wedaesday,Feb .... ry4, 117. 

oFFENSivE 
Scott Sadil 

Believe It or Not 
I knOW it is not supposed to happen. In fact, I probably stand to lose my 

last tenuous claims to credibility by reporting it. But it is an inarguable 
truth, hard to believe as it may be. 

In the m~in gym, o~ not only o~e. but two successive nights of this Rast 
weekend, mtercolleglate athletic teams from UC San Diego excited 
people. 

Excited, you scoff? Maybe got the attention of some bored foots. 
Possibly even to the point of mildly interesting thelJl. But sports exciting 
anyone at UCSD? No way, you laugh. 

Well, without trying to sound pigheaded, it did happen. I saw it with my 
own two eyes and felt it. 

This newspaper has reported the facts of these events. Allow me to 
explain the fun. 

••• 

Friday night: VolleybalJ. 
Irvine extended UCSD to rive full games. The Tritons scrapped, 

hustled, dove, dug, set, passed, and won. But more imporianUy, tbey 
spiked. 

Every sport has its ultimate. Baseba1J has the homerun. Football, the 
bomb. Boxing, the one punch knockout. 

In volleyball, it is the spike. 
Defense, dinks, finesse, and hustle are fine. They win volleyball 

matches. A vicious, cannonball, floor-denting spike is what the sport is 
reaUy aU about It is what starts the adrenalin flowing in both players 
and fans alike. It is what makes volleyball exciting. 

Just ask Bruce Cazdan. . 
Cazdan, you see, is the team's number one spiker. He carries the big 

bat. The cannon. He throws the Sunday punch. 
Ucs[) has other notable spikers. Big Bob Rhodes gets up the highest. 

JOM Blumenshine grunts the loudest. Tim Myrick has the most fans. But 
Cazdan packs the biggest wallop of them all. Without being tall or blonde, 
two requisites for Southland college power volleyball hitters, Bruce 
strikes the big white ball the way it was meant to be hit. Hard, fast, and 
fierce. 

For Friday night's crowd it was stimulating. They clapped. They 
hooted. 1lIey stomped their feet . They apparently loved it. 

••• 
And Saturday night: Basketball. 
The junior varsity pulled their game out in the final minute. The 

- varsity romped. 
Unfortunately for the JVs there were few people present to witness 

their comeback. It takes spectators to generate real excitement. The 
va rsity game drew the big turnout. 

And Mallory Mitchell and Ken Melvin provided the entertainment. 
J'he slam-dunk has, unfortunately, been taken out of college basketball. 

But the sport does ~ot suffer. Not while smooth, slick, flashy guards like 
Mitchell and MelVin play the game. The behind-the-back pass, the 
th~ough-the-Ieg dr:1bble, the twisting, turning, driving lay-up. can all 
bring people to their feet. 

As long as they are done with style. 
Style is what excites basketball fans. Style brings the cheers. It's not 

the meat, it's the motion. 
Such a hard word to define, style is. I will not even try. 
When Mitchell pulls down a one-handed rebound away from players a 

head taller than he is, when he licks his fingertips looks up at the clock at 
the opp?sing team's bench, then rifles a perfect pass through three ~n­

sU~Dectlng defenders, ",;he.n he leads the fastbreak with his high-step 
dribble, when... Mallory IS 1n a game one is aware of some very chic 
basketball. . 

And Melvi~, who dribbles, passes, and shoots with complete calm and 
~asual~ess, hk~ he could play in his sleep, his shot floating to (he basket 
like a ~Ig soft ~1110~ that just sort of falls through the net, his betwee~the­
leg dribble while directing UCSD's offense, his quick glance to his friends 
In the stands, is also very fashionable. 

Two different basketball players, Mitchell and Melvin. The common 
denominator is style. . 

r.be crowd sucked it up. They clapped. They hooted. They stomped 
theIr feet . They apparently loved it. 

••• 
But I am sure there are still a whole flock of non-believers Who can 

blame them? Exciting sports at uam. Pshaw! . 

Special for art students, 
15% discount on art supplies 
during the month of February 
at all FRADE PAINT stores. 

FRAZEE PAINTS 
.. . the paint people 

Page seven 

WOnten SwiInDlers Take2nd 
by Evelyn Barata 

Staff Writer 
UC San Diego's women's swim 

team placed second in both A and B 
competition in Saturday's tn-meet 
with San Diego State University 
and Calirornia State University. 

Los Angeles, hosted by the San 
Diego State team. 

San Diego State. with clearly the 
strongest, most fully-rounded team 
of the three, took the A competition 
with UCSD 102-19 and the B 
competition 51-22. In UCSD-Cal 

State competition UCSD gained a 
62-15 win at the A revel and a 60-15 
win in theB. 

Most UCSD times were slower 
than usual. but there were a few 
surprises. CiCi Smith, swimming 
the 100 A breast stroke for the (jrst 
time rinished second while Laurel 
Erzinger took a third in the event. 
Both swimmers had very good 
personal times. Erzinger swam to 
a 2nd in the 50 A breast stroke as 
well. 

Kiki Nellis. taking a (jrst in the 
100 B free style competition 
dropped 2 seconds of( her previous 
best time to bring her down to 
1 :03.6. Nellis also placed 3rd in the 
50 B free style. 

The 200 B free relay, the final 
event at that level proved the 
closest of the afternoon. Both the 
Tritons and Aztecs were clocked at 
1 :57.3 but the judge's decision gave 
UCSD the victory. UCSD relay 
swimmers were Kiki Nellis, Uta 
Wilson, Laurel Erzinger and 
Deanna Duoos. 

Women's swimmer Kiki Nellis (lane 3) finishes first in 
the 100 freestyle as a group of timers look on. ITT 
Photo : Sharon Roberts) 

San Diego State swimmers 
showed strong performances the 
entire morning. Two of State's 
team members, Marilyn Silva and 
Toria Schlemmer qualified for 
national competition during the 
day's events. Silva, swinuning to a 
victory in the 50 A free style was 
clocked at 25:5 while SchJenuner 
qualified with a 30.0 win in the 50 A 
breast stroke. State has sent 
enough members for a relay team 
to the natiooaJs for the last four 
years, which will be held this year 
in March, in Florida. 

JV B-BaU Nips Navy to 
Raise Records, Spirits 

The UC San Diego junior varsity 
basketbaU team, playing with 
renewed spirit and detennination, 
came from behind last Saturday 
night to upset a talented club from 
North Island Naval Air Station, 90-
86. 

Combining a torrid 61% field 
goal shooting percentage with an 
improved man-~man defense, 
UCSD snapped a four game losing 
streak and raised their season 
record to 3-6. 

Along with the losing streak, the 
Tritons entered Saturday's contest 
having allowed over 100 points in 
each of their last two games. 
Defense, however, had not been the 
team's only problem. " Up to this 
week our motivation had not been 
very good," said Coach Ron Werft 
before the start of Saturday's 
game. " But the guys' attitudes 
reaUy improved. in practice this 
week. A 2-6 record is not something 
to be proud of. " 

Despite their aroused play, the 
Tritons needed some fine outside 
shooting by Doug Hafford and 
substitute guard Eric F.iAk:le to 
overtake North Island late in the 
second half. 

NI had built a seven point lead in 
the first half with some long-range 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Hungry? The Muir Snack Bar is 
open evenings from 9-12 midnighl 
with a complete line of goodies 7 
days 0 week. 

bombing and with the help of 19 
UCSD turnovers. 

Fighting back after in-
termission, the Tritons tied the 
score at 64-64 midway through the 
second half on one of Finkle's 
jumpers. Hafford and Finkle, with 
strong support from forwards Bob 
Peterson and Randy Meis, kept 
UCSD even until Doug's 2O-foot 
shot with only 40 seconds 
remaining on the game clock put 
the Tritons ahead for good. 

Hafford led all scores with a 
personal season high of 28 points. 
F inkle finished with 16 and Meis 15, 
both players hitting seven of nine 
shots from the floor. Peterson 
grabbed a team-high 11 rebounds 
to go along with his 12 points. 

UCSD coach Diana Dann 
commented on the day's swim-
ming, "We did alright. We' re 
starting into the heavy part of our 
schedule. I've been working the 
girls hard for the last week or so, 
building for the next week's." 

"We didn't really come here for 
the points, but rather for a lot of 
swimming. It was more of a 
preparation for the UCLAlWhittier 
meet in three weeks. Our times 
were a bit slower, but we were 
working a little more on some of 
our turns and starts. As we start 
tapering off we can concentrate 
more on the quality of our swim-
ming and the times." 

Surfers Get Three }"irsts 
Three Tt;itons came through with first place finishes and another had a 

second, as' UC San Diego was barely outscored by UC Santa Barbara in 
the intercollegiate surf contest last Sa~urday. 

The contest, held ~t Bl~ck 's Bea~Ii, involved the Tritons, along with 
UCSB, Cal State Uruverslty NorthrIdge, and Cal State University Long 
Beach. It was the first contest of 1976. 

In the nine heats, UCSD surfers finished first three times. Surf club 
president Rick Rodewald , Kim Fulton, and Clark Quinn had the thr;;; 
firsts. Mark Brolaski finished second in his heat. 

The high ~laces by the four.Tritons helped UCSD to 37 points, four less 
than champion UCSB. Northridge and Long Beaclfsurfers were held to 14 
total points each. 

There will be a Legislotive Seminar 
held i n Sacramento for Southern 
Col College sludents on Februory 
22-24 . I f you are interesled in 
anending or need more in-
formolion. contoCt your college 
dean's office by Fridoy. 

What do you think about the food 
in the Revelle cafeter i a? A 
discussion will toke place today in 
the Revelle Community Center at 
12:30. Anne Ellan will d iscuss what 
can and is be ing done to gel be"er 
food . 

ALUMNI VACA N CENTER STAFF 
14 SUMMER JOBS AVAILABLE 
Accepting Applications unril Feb. 9 . 
at Student Emplaymenr, 
507 Matthews Campus. 452-4500: 



Ubrri .. 
evidence 'eaff,to . ubstantiate that 
disturbing n does exist (since 
legal nuisa noise standards do 
not exist al ations in the libra ry 
are not requi d by la.w). 

J AIIDII'Y Item 
Among the solutions suggested 

are the use of accoustical panels 
and carpetb'1g. The latter is con-
sidered a luxury item and hence an 
improbability for the near future. 

To date, only a few rubber mats 
have been placed in Cluster 1 as 
well as the relocation of various 
noise making equipment to en-
closed rooms. Robertson said that 
the noise problem has not been 
attended to because " our biggest 
problem is with the budget, and 
without any student input the 
university is slow to act. " 

Further adding to the Cluster 
Library problems is that during 
the academic year an average of 
20,000 individuals use the facility 
weekly, causing acute over-
crowding and hence excessive 
noise. 

Other improvements in the 
library system include the yearly 
addition of 68,000 volumes to the 
present 1,133,857 UCSD collection, 
this money has been approved by 
the State with the likelihood of an 
approval for 70,000 volumes per 
year. 

Security System Planned 
To insure that the books remain 

in the library, a new charge card 
system will be introduced in the 
fut ure alJowing book lending 
without the cumbersome paper 
work. A book security system is 
also planned, each book will 
contain a magnetic ribbon that will 
sound a warning when leaving the 
library. 

Inter-library loans have recently 
been opened to all undergraduate 
students, making it possible to 
obtain materials from libraries 
throughout the UC as well as other 
organizations. Along with this 
service the rec~tly inaugurated 
CLSS (computer literature 
searching service) enables all 

students and faculty access to a 
wide source of information in the 
field of literature. 

The library 's budgetary 
problems and the lack of space 
available continue to the 
lengthening of hours of service 
provided by the library, as weli as 
the books reserve'service used by 
many professors. 

Polish Mime ... 
through sexual symbols delivered 
with a wink. The erotic possibilities 
of the combination of mime and 
ballet are displayed only in 
Phylissa's tryst with Lodovic, the 
" romantic illusionist of lovers." 

Pbylissa's numerous sexual 
experiences become tiresome, 
because there is a sameness about 
her lovers, despite their different 
gimmicks. One cannot see how 
Phylissa developes as a result of 
her experiences. Though Phyllssa 
shows little development, she is 
engaging enough to hold the 
viewers' interest. One always feels 
sympathetic to Phyllssa even when 
she is willful and demanding 
because of her energy and in-
couciant charm. 

Though Phyllssa her lady in 
waiting were the obvious standouts 
in the cast, the supporting players 
showed themselves to be highly 
competent mimists and dancers. 

Hearings. .. 
approximately 20 seats fur 
designated observers have been 
allocated, Murphy said. 

One seat has been reserved for 
each provost and college council, 
the Graduate Student Council and 
the Student Cooperative. The 
Academic Senate has been al lotted 
two seats. 

Two seats are reserved for the 
Triton Times, five for the off-
campus press and an as yet un-
specified number for other UC San 
Diego journals. 

An Evening of Blnck Art 
The Poetry of foUowed by the Ruby Millsap 

Dance Theater FRANK JENKINS 
featuring 
LYNN IlAMD..TON 

February II., 8pm 

fea turing soioisl.s 
from Inner City Dance 

Repertory Co. 
lude nls82 

Mandeville Auditor ium General Adm ission 83 
Tickets: UCSD Box OUice 452-4090 

e***************************** .. ! COLLEGE CAMPUS : 
# REPRESENT A liVE ! 
* * * Needed to sell Brand Name Stereo * 
* * # CO r ponents to Students at lowest prices. # 

~ ................. ... ... . . ..... . . . it 
# High Commission, NO INVESTM ENT # 
: REQUIRED. Serious inquiries only! : 
* .... .. ........................... * 
# FAD Com ponents, Inc., 20 Passaic Ave., . : 
: Fairfield, New Jersey 07006. : 
; Arlene Muzyka 201-227-6884 I 
"*****************************e· 

• rbe ... 1111('8 

NOW Discaues Advertising advertisers change their policies 
towards women. The NOW 

Geraldine McGovern, a spokeswoman said that the best 
tati f the Natl'onal way was to write in and voice one's 

castles. and kings, prehistoric cave 
paintings, gardening and the 
culture of India will be presented 
at Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, UC San Diego, 
during February. 

represen ve rom . . 
Organization for Women (NOW) . oplOlon. .. 
spoke last Thursday on the topic of Th~ nex~ meeting Will be held on 
Sexism in Advertising. This was Thursday m 2105 BH at 12:30 pm. The illustrated lectures are part 

of the Sumner Series of general· 
interest programs that are held 
Thursdays at 12:30 pm in Scripps' 
Sumner Auditorium. The public is 
invited without charge. 

one of a regular series of meetings 
on Thursday nights sponsored by 
NOW. 

The lecture consisted of a 25-
minute slide show covering a few 
television commercials and 100 
products from 31 magazines. The 
NOW spokeswoman said that they 
found most of these degrading to 
women because they assigned 
women to the role of housewife, 
mother or sex object. In addition, 
the slide show pointed out that the 
advertising industry was using the 
women's movement for its own 
purposes. A few examples NOW 
found to be complimentary to 
women were also covered, most of 
which were paid for by NOW. 

The meeting ended with a short 
question and answer period on 
what could be done to make the 

Free Gambling 
50C Donation 

D1ustrated Lectures Offered 

A potpourri of programs on 

Thrill of it all ... 
wanna-be-taken-seriously-as-a-performer motif. Obviously taken aback 
by such ingratitude, Sammy lunged into a heartbreaking love duet with 
Joey ("that's the point! was getting at mama"). . 

Sammy then went into a ten-minute mullish monologue about his 
shortness, his two-hit repertoire, and his confession that he wished he 
didn't got to be he (ceptin what can he be cept what he am?) He abruptly 
broke into a visceral version of Chase's "Get It ON," flubbing his cues 
and forgetting the lyrics. Everytime Sammy has a spaz attack he breaks 
into a song. Even when he can't remember how it goes, it seems to have a 
therapeutic effect on him. -

Sammy's show has improved his guest appearances as well. On a 
recent Merv Griffin episode, Sam,stomped out on Griffin, Alan King, and 
Redd Foxx, daring them with a haughty "meet me backstage, white 
dudes." It has gotten to the point where he can always be e~pected to do 
something urunitigatedly embarrasing. 

He is the true original of our times, the first escapee from the asylum to 
succesfully capitalize on his origins. 

Saturday, February 7th 
8 P.M. to 12:30 A .M. 

UCSD GYM 

FREE l.:IVE ENTERTAINMENT 
Refreshments 

CASINO GAMES 
-_ .. .. -

Black Jack Craps 
Wheel of Fortune 
Roulette Wheel 
Chuck a Luck 

FREE PRIZES 
5 day ski trip to UTAH 
5 day ski trip to LAKE TAHOE 
Gift Certificates for: Dinners 
Records Sporting Goods Equip, 
and much more 
nOVA IIIINS I HOM AIRI OALI IINIA 7:17_ 

SPONSOR ED BY UCSD Physical Education Dept. 
No Purchase Necessary 
'---------~----------------------------------~---


