
PBe Urges New Economic Policy 
(CPS) - The year of the U.S. 

Bicentennial may almost be over, 
but the People's Bicentennial . 
Commission (PBC) is not about to 
allow that fact to curtail its ac-
tivities. 

According to PBC' Chainnan 
Jeremy Rifkin, "The PBC is de-
emphasizing its focus on history 
and is now focusing on economics 
... the bicentennial is over. But the 
critical work of challenging the 
economy must go on in the years 
ahead." In September; the group 
changed its name to the People's 
Business Commission and vowed 
to continue its efforts to "declare 
independence from big business. " 

The PBC advocates employee-
owned and operated businesses: 
Thus, RUkin explained, the grQUp 
differs from both capitalism ~nd 
socialism as these economic 
philosophies are practiced in most 
counbies. "We don't want a bunch 
of bureaucrats in Washington to 
replace those on Wall Street. We 
want the economy decentralized." 

In addition to offering lectures on 
campuses nation wide, the PBC 
plans to publish several books on 
economics and history to offer an 
"alternate view." In the past, 
more than 5000 schools have used 
PBC pamphiets, books, and audio-
visual materials. 

Despite criticism from 
established economists, PBC's 
ideas have been proven effective, 
according to PBC staff worker 
Randy Barber, who cited several 
examples of successful cor-
porations utilizing a worker-
controlled format, including 
International Group Plants, a 
Washington D.C. life insurance 
company with over 400 employees. 

The PBC will be moving into 
electoral politics this fall with a 
series of programs designed to 
elect state legislators committed to 
racial ideas. The group will en-
dors no presidential or 
congressional candidates, because 
none have addre8led themselves to 

the "democratization of the 
economy," concentrating instead 
on the state legislatures, which 
they believe would be a good forum 
for the group's ideas. 

"A patriotic movement is needed 
to reclaim democratic principles; 
to challenge the subversive ac-

tivities by corporations," Rifkin 
concluded. "We have decided to 
launch the PBC because we do not 
believe that America's economic 
future shouid rest in the very 
corporate and political hands that 
have plunge4 us into this crisis in 
the first place." 

Coop Discusses Year's 
Plans in First Meeting 

by Jim Mulryan 
Staff Writer 

The UCSD Student Cooperative Union's (Coop) first meeting of the 
year was held Monday night and consisted of a series of reports on 
summer activities and plans for the coming year. 

Reports presented to the 70 people in attendance came from the 
Appointments and Evaluations (A&E) coordinator, representatives of 
the Student Center Board, the Student Activity Fee Group and the Task 
Force on Student Governance, and members of the External Affairs 
support group. 

AilE Responsibilities 
ME coordinator Mark Fingennan first described his committee's 

responsibilities, which are to appoint at-large undergraduates to campus-
wide committees, keep track of their performances and to provide means 
to settle internal conflicts in the Coop. 

Fingerman told of one such potential setUement. Friday at noon in the 
Student Organizations Conference Room, A&E will hold an open hearing 
on " internal conflicts" in the Coop's External Affairs support group. 

Fingerman also mentioned work that A&E did over the summer. One 
such project was a proposal-written by Fingerman and Bob Simon-for 
payment of students on campus-wide committees. Fingerman said that 
the Advisory Committee on Student Fee Programs has adopted the 
proposal in concept, but was unable to put it into effect because of the lack 
of funds. 

Matt Gravatt of the Student Center Board (last year's Board of 
Authority) told Coop members about a possible conflict between board 
members ~nd Vi~hancellor and Dean of Student Affairs George 
Murphy. 

Gravatt said that Murphy has been trying to shrink the b . rd' pow rs 
. all through the summer. 

"Get the Coop" 
Student governance task force member Steve Lopez reportcd about th 

committee's summer activities (Triton Times, pt. 27) . Student 
response to the task force was basically hostile. They vi wed th \ ta k 
force as Chancellor MElroy's att mpt to "G t the oop." 

In other developm nt , two of the three position on th Chalrpcr.'on 
Pool were opened wh II .Jeff Fri d and alternat Matt Gr v t r 'igll d. 
Several persons w re nominated to fill the open posilton, but 
nominations were left open through next Monday. They can be submitt d 
to Sandy Sterling in the Student Organizations Room on th S ond floor 
of the Student Center. 

Carter Combines Promises, 
Smiles In San Diego Visit 

by Sara J. Lowen 

Jimmy Carter's San Diego a~ 
pearance Saturday ranged from a 
folksy stump speech at the San 
Diego Zoo to the release of a 
detailed nuclear power statement, 
which suggested that he was 
warming up for his foreign policy 
debate with Pres. Ford next week. 

Accompanied by Gov. Brown 
(who, for the most part, got more 
applause than Carter did), Carter 
made three speeches, criticizing 
the Ford Administration's nuclear 
weapons policy, addressing the 
problems of the aged to a senior 
citizens group; and talking about 
endangered species at the San 
Diego Zoo.) 

The consistent theme of his 
speeches was the lack of leader-
ship in Washington. 

Speaking to a group of 400 at the 
City Club, Carter blamed Ford's 
lack of leadership in curbing the 
spread of nuclear weapons for the 
dangerous international situation 
that exists today. 

when we fail to provide leadership, 
the international world drifts." 

In a speech to an enthusiastic 
audience of senior citizens at the 
Cedar Community Center, Carter 
gave his standard stump speech, 
talking about the simple things in 
life that people deserve: clean air, 
safe neighborhoods, respect. 

He mentioned that his mother, 
Miss Lillian, and he work in the 
Peace Corps as an example of what 
an active senior citizen can ac-
complish. Carter told the senior 
citizens that, if elected, he would 
increase the amount they could 
earn without losing Social Security 
benefits. He also said he would 
appoint an advisor to give the 
senior citizens' perspective on his 
programs. 

Continued 00 Page 5 

Demonstrators 
Greet Carter 
With Reserve 

Calling the international by Alec Nedelman 
proliferation of nuclear weapons and Mark Stadler 
"a dangerous and unacceptable They all carried placards. 
barrier to world peace," Carter 
also noted that the more countries exhorting the presidential can-
that possess nuclear weapons now, didate to a certain action. They 
the greater the risk that nuclear were all firmly committed to their 
warfare could erupt out of local positions. They were all demon-
oonf1iea, ;tAd ~at tm .-migllt. strating on highly emotional 
possibly trigger a major nuclear issue . 
war. Pro-life. Farm work ers 

Carter said that the current Initiative. Universal unconditional 
d .. t ' ha f '1 d t amnesty. The causes were dif-a rrumstra Ion s al e 0 oppose ferent but the similarities were 

actively the international 
proliferation of nuclear many between the three organized 
reprocessing .plants, failed to groups that greeted Jimmy Carter 
support Congress' attempts to curb during his mini-tour of downtown 
the proliferation of nuclear San Diego last Saturday. 
weapons in the U.S., and failed to They were trying to make a point 
impose international safeguards with Carter, but it wasn't that they 
on U.S. nuclear facilities. He also were going to vote for Ford. They 
outlined an ll-point nuclear may have been lukewarm on 
weapons policy that he would Carter but some were openly 
implement if elected president. hostile toward Ford. 
Under the plan, the U.S. would call The anti-abortionists aren ' t 
upon all nations to adopt a pleased with either candidate. Of 
moratorium on the sale of Ford's position supporting the 
reprocessing plants, which would Supreme Court decision on 
apply retroactively to the German- abortion they said, " He's looking 
Brazilian and French-Pakistan for an easy way out." And they 

asked Carter if "that aborted fetus 
agreements. ld h bee ?" Carter stressed that the U.S. cou ave n you . 
would make no commitments on - "1b~lr Own.Bu~?" 
the sales of nuclear technology or Th~ antI-aborhonIsts were 
fuel to countries which use nuclear practIcally predatory as . they 
explosives, nuclear reprocessing, stalked Carter at all of his a~ 
and would request all countries to pearances, at the Royal 1M at l;he 
place their nuclear facilities under Wharf, the ~a~ . Commuruty 
the safeguards established by the Center for Semor CItIzens and the 
International Atomic Energy Zoo. They were so punctual one 
Association. ~,eporter was hear~ to mu~r 

Carter said it is important for the They mw;;t have thelf ~wn bus. 
U.S. to have a firm non ~umbe~1O~ about 50 10 total, the 
proliferation policy because anti-abo~orusts were part of what 
" people look to us for leadership ' was descr~bed ~Y one member as a 

-------,' loosely-kmt national group that has 

IISIDE THE TT 
m t Carter at most of his recent 
campaign tops. And they expect 
to have a defin ite effect on Carter's 
candidacy. 

" We had an effect on (Nelson) 
Rockefeller' campaign and on 
(Birch) Ba)"h', campaign. And 
we're going to follow Carter all 
over the c uiltry," aid one 
unidentifi d proL t r . 

Forty upport r of the Farm-
workers' Inibati e - rop. 14 -
also gr t d Carter at th enior 
Citiz ns' Center, but th wer 
invited by th' rt r campal . 

Th tnvitatl n cam af r th 
Uruted Farmworker Union 
d ed rter - aft r h ndo 
th prin ipl s hind Prop. 14 -
th ir pt. 6 m ting. 

1 &inued OD Pa 5 



.... 1 

by 
Dr. Li ... _'4"~""& 
Welcome to the bejl:bIDlllll 

What's 
Up? 

new f.lure of the 
the What'. Up? 1IIIW·~rcolumn. 

Uncle Buck and Aunt Dear, 
writing under the pen name of Dr. 
Uttlemm, are your host and 
hostess for the following school 
year. 

No one knows why this column 
began, where it's going, or where it 
will end. 

What is it, you ask? Well 
?? /lil/? ? It's a question and an-
swer column, an advice colwnn, a 
no nonsense column, a gossip 
column, and a whatever is up 
column. 

We challenge you to send us 
questions you think we can't, or 
won't answer. BeCause, we can and 
we will. Or just send in questions 
you'd Ilke to have answered. 

Send the questions and the gossip into the Triton Times office, at the 
Student Center, in care of "What's Up?" The column will appear e~ch 
Wednesday, so we need your questions by Friday at three. 

Here are some of the questions submitted for today--
Dear Doc: What year is it on the Jewish calendar? 
Today Is the fiftb day of the first month of the year 5737. That's a lot 01 
candles OD the cake. 
Dear Doc : Why are the parking pennits so expensive? 
They're DOt, tbey just seem that way. Student permits cost $48.00 for a full 
year, or $4,08 per month. This is wby It only costs students $31.00 wben 
they buy their permits In September: This translates Into a cost of 16.7c 
per day for parting. Comparatively, parking fees for studeDts at UCSF 
are $256 per year; at UCLA It's $198 per year; aadat Berkeley It's," per 
year. UCSD fees bave not heen increased since 1968. State funds for 
parking facUlties were cut In 1958 since "parking was not Incidental to 
educatloo". Eacb campus Is required to bave Its parking s,I!f'Vlces sell 

. supporting, U this is sUll too mucb, bus passes are $18 per moatb. 
Dear Doc : Is UCSD cracking down on alcohol? And wasn't there a law 
passed recenUy allowing 18 years old to drink? 
The alcohol poUey bas not changed: no alcollol is allowed on campus. 
HOWEVER, this Is DOt always the case. Areas, such as dorm. rooms, are 
considered private areas and students will not be troubled about It inside 
their rooms. Outside the room Is public area and U alcobolls visible, It 
must lie removed. A committee bas beea formed to determiae If the 
present rules are too loose, [bardly] or too tight. Committee memben 
are Tom Brown [Student Affairs], Beverly Varga [Tblrd College Dean], 
Raph Levens [Campus Legal Services], and Phil Kirchner [Revelle 
Resident Dean) . Also, at least two students will be appointed. Tbey hope 
to make a recomeodation before the ead of the quarter.1o the meantime, 
carry a boda bag .... No, you stOl must be Z1 to boogie In a bar. 
Dear Doc: Is it true that San Diego State has better looking gals than 
UCSD, and if so, why ? . 
In researchblg this question ODe of our investigative reporters ventured 
over to San Diego State and mucb to his CODsternation there were lovely 
ladles to be found walking the streets of State. If you buy this answer, we 
have some great real estate we'd love to sell you-sewage Is already In. .. 
Dear Doc : I am a senior this year and I am t roubled by the lack of an 
adequate answer to my question-what is teaching? 
In effort to sbow that this column is DOt without its literary merit, we 
offer the following definition of 

"Teacbln' " 
Just a sltHa' in a scbool room, 

In a great big easy chair, Lots 0 ' questions from a book, 
And keeping thlDgs movln' 'spectin' kids to know the answers 

With a lordly sort of air; Tho' they ' re not allowed to look; 
Not a thing to do but a skin' That's Tea chin' . 

We apologize to all of you whose questioDs we were unable to Include In 
lOOay's column, but here a re the answen -
a] yes, b] no, c ] because, d ] every Tuesday nlgbt, e] she didn't. [Choose 
one ] 
Remember, U it feels njce, do It twice. LlTILEMAN 

triton times 
David Elsen 

E.ecull .. Idllor 

James Q , 'loto 
AclYer1lalng r IIR11ger 

Alan Aus. ell 
Newaedl'ot 

Alec Nedel" !11\ 
s.. t_ leI. elltor 

Joel C, C)n 
" .. ocl". N .... OIIlIor 

Scott Sadll 
Sport. edllor 

8111 Brooll. 
Photo OIIltor 

Mark Stadler 
Managing editor 

Becky DeVinney 
Production msnltglf 

Wendell P, Hamilton 
Cop~ . dltor 

Vera M,1. Todorov 
Community editor 

Ron Anbar 
OpInion 011110' 

Tim MacKenzie 
""" 011l1or 

Wed111.d.J.IIe~ •• It71 

Seeking Spiritual Enlightenffi'ent 
by~rryAu..o 

The future Is now. Time 
marches on, straight into your 
face. What you leave behind you 
cannot regain. 

You college students know this. 
You'll never get your innocence 
back, you jaded Intellectuals of 
the New Morality. "We've got to 
get ourselves back to the Gar· 
den?" No way. For better or 
worse, you'll never return to 
believing what you used to 
believe -you are a Product of 
these Turbulent Times. 

Many thinking people today are 
in this position. But you don't 
shrug off a couple centuries of 
history that easily. There's bound 
to be a conflict, and a lot of guilty 
feelings. 

A' good example of thiB is in the 
area of religion. I know a lot of 
people who have cast aside the 
beliefs oi their faml1le.s as out· 
dated, foolish, superstitious. 
They don't want to follow a faith 
just because their parents 
happen to. They seek out a form 
of spiritual enlightenment they 
can call their own. 

But, like a shopper in Safeway 
looking over brands of detergent, 
the choices are so vast that the 
Seeker of Wisdom is over· 
whelmed. How can he pick the 
right Path to Awareness? After 
all, it 's a hell of a lot easier to 
become a pagan these days. 

For many, the claims and 
counterclaims of various 
religious sects become so con· 
fusing that their final decisions 
are often based on relatively 
mundane factors . Like : which is 
the most convenient? 

A friend of mine at UC Santa 
Cruz is currently doing 
missionary work for the ChlD'Ch 
of the Convenient Faith, a cult 
'which is a phenomenon of our 
age. Like certain other faiths, it 
teaches that God is All Things 
and that all religions are 'equally 
correct, including those so ob-
scure that you've never even 
heard <i them. 

Therefore, the practice of one 
faith above another iB sure to 
offend some manifestation of 
God. But this is bound to happen, 
since only a schizophrenic can 
believe all things at once. So, 
since you're going to have to pick 
one faith - one interpretation of 
God anyway - wby not pick the 
most convenient one? 

Some cult members carry 
around little picnic forks as their 
personal form of the Great Spirit, 
mostly because it's easy to do and 
if you lose one, you can always 
buy a package of them for 95 
cents or so at the store. Of course, 
they feel guilty about this 
sacrilege toward<! the more 
established faiths , but , then, you 
can 't be too sure about the 

Letter 

Congrats 
Just a note to congratulate you 

on the most healthy-look.in~ . in-
forma tive, first-of-the-year Issue of 
the Triton Times ever. 

Your orientation magazine 
answers many of the questions that 
usually stay too long unanswered 
for the new student at UCSD. It's 
something the campus needed. No 
one's ever been very successful at 
characterizinJ( UCSD and what it 
offers people. You've made a good 
start. 

Ninety more and with the same 
f~ling of clarity and confidence 
you've sta(ted with, you'll finish 
the job. And if you practice the 
kind of newspapering you' re 
capable of, you'll produce the best 

. paper in the state. 
You people represent the most 

consistent, productive and wort~ 
while extracurricular effort of 
students at UCSD. I wish you the 
best of luck. 

JOHNTAYWR 

IlpIficance of plcolc forks, 
either. "If you can't play It safe, 
play it convenient." 

Some Searchers After the 
Truth, however, caMot go along 
with this. They are truly tor· 
mented souls. 

On one band, they have been 
disillusioned by conventiooal 
religion, grown cynical, ~ 
tical, unwilling to open up their 
hearts to anything. On the other 
hand, they WANT to beUeve In 
something. experiencing a 
hunger for spiritual fulfillment as 

an almost pbyslcal pain. 
They are, as you can see, 

cauglt in a reel bind. Thef want 
to have faith, but they can't. 

AU4!ffiPts to find a way out of 
this crisis <i faith have taken 
some extreme forma recently. 
One of them is the Masochlatlc 
Agnostic Society <i America. 

Its members have found it so 
difficult to cast aside their 
lingering doubts about Got that 
they have been known to ask 
members of the clergy to force 
them to believe. One young 

Continued 00 Page 7 

Choosing ,A ~hilosophy: 
A Matter Of Preference 

by Ron Anbar 
Opinion EdItor 

Sometimes by the end of the sophomore year in college most of us 
have gotten around to thinking about our future life in te~ of our 
goals , man's purpose on Earth, and what we have to hope ~or m life. 

It appears to me that there are three basic ways to deal with these 
questions, which too often take up more thinking time than we like. And 
yet the answers we arrive at could be the essence of the rest of our lives. 

Religion is one of the ways to deal with these questions, and all that is 
left for us to do iB to adopt a religion as our own. 

Christiilnity, for ~xample, requires us to accept Jesus Christ as the 
Messiah. Once one does so, he is " given" the answers to the three 
questions: Our goal should be to follow the teachings of Christ tp the best 
of our ability. We can hope to do well at this and then be judged for the 
better when the final day comes. Finally, man's purpose on Earth is for 
God to know and it isn't up to us to really think about it. It should satisfy 
man, according to Christianity, to realize that he is part of God's master 
_no . 

Judaism, once accepted, gives the same sort of basic answers: Our 
goal is to follow God's word. our hope is that we do this well, and it is not 
up to us to figure out why God placed man on Earth. 

Although I am not acquainted with any other religions, I get the im· 
pression that it is the answel'l! to the three fundamental questions that 
holds all religions together, and in fact accounts for their appearance on 
Earth. 

A second way to deal with the questions is to ignore them. Just like one 
may ignore the fact that a final is only four days away and still not pick 
up a single text from the class. The day does come when one is 
penalized, 

The same holds true, I believe, if one does not deal with these 
questions and arrive at a satisfactory answer. Ways of ignoriJIII them 
include drugs, which seem to help ignore many other problems, ac· 
cepting a religion without really thinking about it, and simply avoiding 
all contact with the questions (which would mean you are not reading 
this article.) 

The final way to deal with the questions is in a non-religious way. (At 
least not by accepting an existing religion.) Christianity, for example, 
certainly did not begin by accepting a " current" religion. Instead, Paul 
developed it in his writings. 

In this same way it is possible for anyOlle to develop his or her own 
philosophy of life (possibly by borrowing heavHy from existing 
religions. ) 

Continued on Page 7 

The Tr~on Times Is publ ished by UCSO . tudenls •• an off lcl.1 . tudent newspeper. 
Publicat ion Is on Monday • • Wednesdays and Frldlye during Ihe rltgul. IChool year 
(except on olflelal holidays), Editorial and business o.flces are locatOll In the Studen t 
Cente, at the Universi ty o. Celllornla, San Diego , For editorial , cal l ~2-30166, .or bosln ... 
and Olsplay adVertising . call ~2·~, 

L lIers 10 lhe edlto. and opinion column. are w.ICO ..... d, Altsubmlaslon. muat be typed 
and double-spaced on a H ·speoe line. They should not .xceOll three pltges In length . 

Submitted malerl.1 must bear the name and studeni identilicallon nuqlber 0& the ... thor. 
Names can be wllhheld trom pub"c.llon on request . how ..... lh. names will be held on file 
101 publ ic inspection . 

The Triton Time. reserves the right to edit submission. beCilUse 01 SplC. IImltalions or 
. tyle requ irement • . 

Entire conlents copyr ight 1976, the Trllon Times , 

Wednesday, September 29, 19'76 _ triton time 

Commentary . 

More Arms Mean Peace? . ~ 
by Jeff Fenton 

In recent years, Russia has 
greatly expanded her military 
forces. The Red Army now stands 
as the world's largest, with active 
and reserve forces of fifteen 
million men. 

The Soviet Navy now surpasses-
the U.S. Navy in overall strength, 
and could cut off vital raw material 
shipments at any time. The Red 
Air Force possesses highly ad-
vanced aircraft in large numbers, 
and Soviet nuclear missiles, ex· 
panded in violation of the already 
weak arms-limitation agreements, 
now provide overbearing 
superiority . 

attack in Europe, their manpower 
and weapons superiority would 
enable them to present us with a 
" fait accompli : " a quickly· 
conquered Continent. 

At present, Europe is at peace, 
and there has been no serious crisis 
since the 1968 Soviet suppression of 
liberalism in Czechoslovakia . 
Genuine efforts have been made 
since then to reduce European 
tensions, and intra-German and 
East-West political, cultural, and 
trade relations have improved. 
However, under this surface lie 
grave threats to European peace 
and security. 

When he dies, prcrSoviet elements 
may seek to revolt, and Russia 
may choose to enter, thereby 
upsetting the balance of power: 

To counter a Russian attack, our 
President might find it necessary 
to press the buUon and initiate 
nuclear ' holocaust. A strong ,Con-
ventional land, sea, and air force 
could help us avoid nuclear war by 
allowing \IS to meet the Soviet 
attack initially on equal terms. At 
least, we would be able to hold the 
fort on land long enough to rush 
over plenty of new reserves, 
weapons, and supplies. 

The designer and engineer of 
Texas Instruments 

SR-56 

Page 3 

We must have a strong con-
ventional strategic option, not just 
a nuclear deterrent. Our govern-
ment must chaMel increased 
effort into production of large 
numbers of tanks, guns, flgbter 
planes, missiles, navy ships, and 
other weapons. 

There still remain several 
trouble spots on the Continent. 
Berlin, focal point of crises in 1948 
and 1959, is calm, but Russia could 
again choose to make serious 
thr.ts. In Yugoslavia, Communist 
but independent and neutral in 
outlook, longtime leader Marshall 
Tito is believed to be seriously ill. 

Solid conventional forc es 
represent a cost-effective method 
of preserving world peace and 
security while lessening the 
chances of nuclear incineration. will be at the University Bookstore tomorrow, Sept. 30, from 

8:30 a.m. Danny Enl0ni will give demonstrations on his 
calculator. A Tllal Instrumentl Sales .eprelentative will 
allo be at the Bookstore. 

Right now, if Russia were to 

Economical basics. Powerful slide r-ules. 
And, a programmable powerhouse . 

TI· 1200 

Goes where you go Adds. sub-
tracts, mult'plles, d,vldes, Per· 
cenlage, too. Au tomalic con slant 
Full Hoaling deCimal. 8·digll diS' 
play Rep laceable ballery Opllonal 
adapter avail able 

$99~* 

S l{ -~ OA 

The classic slide rule calculator. 
Algebraic keyboard and sum-o.-
p roducts capability with sing le-
' unctlon keys, Versat ile memory : 
add . store, or retrieve data, Set 
angles to deg rees or rad ians, Cal· 
culates to 13·dig its. display rounds 
to 10, Operates on rechargeable 
ba\lery pack. $5995* 

Everyl h,ng the TI-1200 has-plus 
Full lunCtion memory ' add sub-
trac t. recall or clear w,th a Single 
keystroke Also, a change Sign key 
Aeplac eable ba tte ry Op llonal 
adapler avaIlable 

S 129~* 

~m-~ 1:\ 

Even more power, Three user·ac· 
cessible memories, Least square 
linear regression, Factorials. Ran· 
dom numbers Permutations, 
Mean . variance. and standard de-
viation , 2O· conve rsions, And more 
- plus. everything that can be done 
on the SA·50A, AC adapterl char· 
ger included, $7995* 

TI·1600 

J, 

, 

Super slim. High-styled Four lunc· 
" ons Percenl key Automatic con· 
stant 8-dlglt display IS easy on Ihe 
eyes Use It 3 to 5 hours belore 
rechargmg AC adapler/charger 
and carry,ng case 

$249:3* 

1'1 Business .\ nalys t 

Saves working w,lh books 0 1 tables 
and charts, Fmancial and statlst,cal 
operations are preprog.8mmed 
Handles: annul ly , simple and com· 
pound interest. sinki ng fund. amor· 
tizatlon . cash 1I0w. cost control 
and deprecial ion - and more, AC 
aOapter I charger and carry ing case 
included, 

$4995* 

Special 8R-56 $10.00 rebate. 
Texas Instruments will rebate $10,00 of your or igina l 
'SA-56 purchase price when you re turn th is coupon 
and your SR·56 customer information card pos t-
marked no later than October 31 , 1976. To apply : 
1. Fill out this coupon 
2. Fill out special serialized customer information 

card ins ide SR-56 box 
3. Aeturn completed coupon and inform atio n card to : 

Add ress 

Cuy 

Name o t SA-56 Aeti ller 

T I - 16~O 

Super s"m Powerlul 4-key 
memory, A change sign key Press 
the keys Just as you would slate the 
problem Fasl·charge ballery olt-
ers 3 to 5 hourS continuous use 
'Adapter and carrying caSE: 
Included 

5299.3 * 

S I{-.ifl 

Super slide rule that's program· 
mable, A powerhouse, 10 memo-
ries 100 program steps, 9 levels ot 
parentheses. 4 levels o. subroutme, 
AOS (AlgebraiC Operating System) 
leiS you handle complex problems 
naturally . left- to - flgh t , Ba llery 
pack. AC adapter/ charger and Ap-
pl ,catlons Library, 

10995* 

State Z,p 

Speclel Campus Off.r 
P.O. 80. 1210 

~lch.rd.on, T .... 75010 
SR· 56 Senal No (from bac '" 01 calcula tOr) 

Please allow 30 dlYs lor tiNt. L ______________________________ _ 

• SYgrjostod rell. prlC' TEXAS (NSTRUMENTS 
I ) li 7& lou lnltrwnentllncOfJlOl'ItId I N OR P RAT 0 6 >3S 



triton time8 

DStl Plans Future Activities 
by Marlelle Bl!rp.u 

The Disabled Stadent Union 
(DSU) this year plal1S to continue 
its efforts toward weater ~ 
derstanding in students, faculty 
and community of the problems 
facing disabled students, ac-
cording to DSU member Jim 
LeBrecht. • 

Started last fall, the DSU is an 
organization for persons who work 
for architectural and social change 
to help the disabled student. Its 
members include both disabled 

The biggest se ectlon 
anywhere. In thel ~ost 
colors and siZeS. We've 
got It All in on ~ place. 
Ours. Fall into he Gap 
today. 

~ 
4688 CONVOY 
MISSION VAllEY 

. 

and able-bodied students, because 
anyone can join in "the movement 
of disabled advocacy," says 
LeBrecht. 

CommllDlty Activities Also 
~though most of this year's 

. activities are yet to be planned, 
LeBrecht says that a greater stress 
will be placed on activities in the 
community as well as on campus. 

The DSU plans to repeat 
Disabled Awareness Week, which 
LaBrecht characterized as a 
highly successful event when it 
was held last May. A sign language 
class sponsored by the DSU is 
another good possibility for this 
year. Various movies and other 
events will also be sponsored. 

leBrecht is very optimistic 
about the new progz:ams coor-
dinator Brad Graff. Graff - in a 
paid part-time position - is ex-
pected to coordinate a range of 
existing programs on campus in 
order to make them more 

COPIES 
311. ~ No 12 Minimum 

15051 / 2 Rosecrans 224 ·1323 
5188 College Ave. 287·6188 

<If 
Welcome Back 

PersoQaIs 
Ol1ly 25C 

friday Oct. 1 
:Regular 'PersoQsls 50· 

W~I1e Cf~ere 's RoolQ 

available to the disabled student, 
as part of his new duties. 

The DSU has worked for change 
in many areas at UCSD. It has 
brought about changes in building 
codes in such areas as curb ramps 
and ramps in buildings for easier 
access by wheelchairs. But 
leBrecht feels there is still more to 
be done. 

LeBrecht, a junior at Third 
College, feels the most profound 
changes 0 be made are in the 
attitudes of the UCSD students and 
faculty. He feels one of the most 
successful events in accomplishing 
this purpose was last year's 
awareness week. 

For three days seminars were 
held on such topics as sexuality 
and career planning for the 
disabled. Disabillty simulations 
were held in which wheelchairs 
were issued to the non-
handicapped and eyemasks were 
worn by the sighted. Through such 
simulations students, and ad-
ministrators were able to relate to 
some of the problems and 
frustrations suffered by the 
disabled. 

COMMUNITY 
BLOOD BANK 

983 India 
,327 F Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for Service 

Mon . - Frl. 
233-5481 
234·4601 

NATIONALL Y KNOWN 
SPEED READING COURSE 

TO BE TAUGHT HERE 
IN SAN DIEGO 

SAN DIEGO AREA - (Spec. ) 
United Stales Reading Lab will 
offer a 4 week course in speed 
reading to a limited number of 
qualified people in the San 
Diego area. 

This recently developed 
method of instruction is the 
most innovative and effective 
program available in the United 
States. 

Not only does this famous 
course reduce your time in the 
classroom to just one class per 
week for 4 short weeks, but it 
also includes an advanced 
speed reading co urse on 
cassette tape so that you can 
continue to improve for the rest 
of your life. 

II you life a student who 
would like to make A's instead 
of B's or C's, or if you are a 
business person who wants to 
stay abreast of today's ever-
changing, accelerating world, 
then this course is an absolute 
necessity. 

In a fe w months , some 
students a re reading 20-30 times 
faster, a ttaining speeds that 
a pproach 6000 words per 
minute. 

Our average graduate should 
read 7-10 times faste r upon 
completion of the courses with 
ma rked improveme nt in 
comprehension a nd con-
centration. 

For those who would like 
additional information, a ser ies 
of free, one hour orientation 
lectures have been scheduled. 

These free meetings will be 
held at the following times and 
locations; 

Location: Town & Country 
Hotel, Executive Rm, East end 
of property . 
'fhur. Sept 30 - at 6:30 pm & 
again at 8: 30 pm. 
Fri. Oct. l - at 6:30 pm & again 
at 6:30pm. 
Sat Oct. 2 - at 10 : 30 am & again 
at l :3Opm. 
Mon. Oct 4 - at6 :30 pm & again 
at8 :3Opm. 
Tue. Oct. 5 - at6 :30 pm & again 
at8 :3Opm. 
Wed. Oct. 6 - at 6:30 pm ok 
again at 8:30 pm. 

Wedae .... y, September ZI, 117. 

BOUILLABAISSE 
sara j. lowen 

Camping: no vacation is more family oriented, or provides a better 
escape from the urban rouUne as well as a chance to enjoy nature. That's 
what camping enthusiasts always tell me. I drew different conclusions 
from my camping adventures this sununer. ' 
• Our camp was near Lake Lucerne, in clear and beautiful Switzerland. 
You could swim and fish in the lake or hike in the surrounding mountains. 
But most of the campers never saw the channs of Lake Lucerne. 

Less than 500 yards from the lake was camping Lido, a dirt lot cram-
med full of uneven rows of tents. It's hard to believe that the Swiss would 
allow this eyesore to exist within the boundaries of their country. 

The first priority of campers, upon arriving at their assigned square of 
dirt at camping Lido, is to recreate their home life style as much as 
possible. Their tents are multi-room dwellings with curtains and fake 
fireplaces. The tent assembled, they set a few lawn chairs in front to 
make the place look comfortable. Dad gets out a beer can, IIilbuttons his 
shirt, sits in one of the chairs and hardly moves for the duration of the 
vacation. Mom dons a bikini and g~ about her chores, hoping to calch a 
few rays when she isn't cooking on her miniature stove, washing dishes . 
under a faucet or doing the laundry in a bucket. 

They send the children off to the playground or the game room, figuring 
the kids can have fun }llaying ping pong. These game rooms are not 
always the wholesome places one would imagine. (At one campground, 
the game room was a smoke-filled pool hall where eager pre-teen girls 
went to be picked up by high school boys. ) 

Campers are often gregarious types, socializing with the neighbors, 
joining them for a hash dinner or a game. of bridge by flashlight. 
However, because of the close proximity of camping families in the tent 
suburbias, neighbors often fight. 

Our neighbors were in a bad mood from the start because they ·had 
neglected to bring the requisite lawn chairs, subjecting them to the In-
dignity of having to squat in front oftheir tent all day long. Our sniggering 
at their predicament did nolhing to ease tensions. . 

One day as I was returning to our hut, the father of the squatters 
stopped me. • 

"Would you move your laundry? It spoils our vie w. " 
"What view?" Their tent faced our hut, constructed of rotting boards 

and corrugated tin and the barbed wire fence behind it. I went back to 
str ing up more laundry on the line, but the man didn 't see the humor in 
the situation. 

"Look, my family wants to eat our meal without looking at your 
laundry." The guy was serious . 

"Sorry, there's no other place to hang the laundry, Besides, if you're 
going to stay in a cheap place like this, you can' t expect a view." 1 won-
dered what this aesthete was doing in a tent slum like this. 

He persisted, taking a diplomatic tack, "You can move it over there," 
he said, pointing to a spot to the side of our hut that I had not seen before. 

"Okay, if it really offends you," I said, moving the laundry. 
Infinitely relieved, the family squatted down to dinner, happily eating 

hash from their tin plates. I'd had enough of the tent metropolis-I took off 
for Lake Lucerne. 

FREE HUMPHRIEV FLYER ••• 

with any purcha.e of 3.00 or more of Plexigla. · or 
Plexigl,. Acce .. orle •. Limited .upply . . . 'ir.t come fir.t 
.erved. New Improved Flying Saucer De.lgn. 9'1'" Wide. 
THE PLASTICS PLACE offers an endless array of 
unique, creative and colorful decorating Ideas for the 
Student. DO·IT·YOURSELF and SAVEl 

100/0 STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Get everything you need from THE PLASTICS 
PLACE, includ ing a FREE ProjectIldM Book! San 
Diego's largest stock of Plastics: Sheets, Film, Rod , 
Resins, arld letters. Plexiglas ' a plenty! 

YOU'LL ENJOY WORKING WITH PLEXIGLAS 
tHE PLAStlC8 PLACE 
7 •• 0 RON ION ROAD 
Kearn, Mnalnduetrlal Parte (714) 510·1551 
Mon.-Fr!. 9 am·S pm, Sat. 9 am·3 pm, Closed Sun. 

Wedaeidey, BelllemberD, m. triton times Pages 

Jimmy Carter shakes hands with his police motorcycle escorts before he 
de parts . lIT Photo s: Bilf Broo ks) 

An ti ·abortionist pro tests 
stand on abortio n. 

Carter's 

Protest ... 
However, no one could know that 

the Prop. 14 supporters favored 
Carter, as they only carried signs 
about their proposition. When 
asked why, Joe Smith, an 
organizer, said that no one had 
offered them any Carter signs. 

Some secret support for Prop. 14 
was noted when, at the Senior 
Citizens' Center, a young Carter 
staff-person pinned a "Yes on 14" 
button to his coat, on the inside 
lining. / 

UDConditlooal Amnesty 
The final groups of· pickets to 

meet Carter Saturday favored an 
unconditiOfllll amnesty for all draft 
evaders and armed forces 
deserters. This group feels that 
Carter, while progressive on the 
amnesty issue, hasn't gone far 
etlough in his position. . 

But the group is much harder on 
Ford. According to organizer 
Richard Clark, of the statewide 
Coalition of Veterans for Human 
Rights, the President lacks sen-
sitivity on this issue. 

Clark took exception to Carter's 
analogy between Ford's pardon for 
Richard Nixon and his conditional 
amnesty for draft resisters. 

"Draft resisters can't be equated 

with Richard Nixon," Clark said. 
But Caner never heard that. The 

most he heard of any of the groups 
was a brief statement from Clark 
on the amnesty group's position. 
His only real perception of the 
presence of the groups was the 
same as those who watched on the 
evening news : split-second shots of 
a montage of signs. 

"CI,lrter - Were you a planned 
pregnancy?" A picture of an 
aborted fetus : "Forgive them 
Father, for they know not what 
they do." A baby ·with a sign 
around his neck: " I'm glad my 
mother didn't abort me. '! "Support 
the Fannworkers Initiative." 
"The war-makers were wrong, not 
the war-protesters." 

That's what blared out at Carter 
Saturday. The final effect of it all 
won't be decided until Nov. 2. 

Smiles ... 
Carter related how he started his 

campaign with no national 
recognition and an orga niztion of 
three saying his campaign has 
succeeded "with the support of 
good old people like you." 

FREE CHECKING 
no minimum balance 

Does Coed Dorm Living 
Cause Deviate Behavior 

Repeating a favorite campaign 
theme, he said, " lowe nothing to 
the special interest groups, I owe 
everything to the people. " 

Carter was still in the folksy 
style when he greeted a crowd of 
400 at the San Diego Zoo. Carter 
called his visit to San Diego a 
homecoming , and reminisced 
about visiting the Zoo 25 years ago 
when he was a naval officer 

University City Office 
3264 Governor Drive 
San Diego, CA 92122 

Member 01 F Die 

La Jolla Office 
Prospect & Ivanhoe 
La Jolla, CA 92037 

459-97 11 (CPS) - Does coed donn living 
mess up your head? Yes, no · and 
sort of, according to two Stanford 
University psychiatrists who 
reported their findings in Human 
Behavior Magazine. 

The pair quizzed 900 freshmen 
students at a large public school in 
a small town where most students 
live in university housing. They 
found that overall, coed donns are 
more pleasant, relaxed, friendly, 
enjoyable and that the atmosphere 
promotes greater persooal growth 
than single · sex living 
arrangements. 

They discovered men who opt for 
coed living have higher academic 
and career goals, like to drink beer 
and think of themselves as easy-
gOing and "on top of the world." 

Women in coed housing; 
however, were found to be quite 
different . than their female 
classmates living in women-only 
dorms. Women who lived under the 
same roof as men had higher ·-
academic aSpirations, took part in 
more social and culturallCtlvlties 
and engaged in more of what the 
psychiatrists call "impulalve-
deviant behavior," which means 
they OCCasionally break scbool 
rulesand drink bard Uquor. 

These women also had a better 
self-image · than other university 
fi rst year women, they described 
themselves u "easygoing," they 
were less likely to view themselves 
as cauUpus and they placed more 
emphasis on frlendahlp, in. 
dependence and varifty in new 
activities. They also placed leu 
emphasis on traditional 
heterosexual dating. 

One year later the biggest 
change for students living In coed 

dorms was a drop in career goals. 
Fewer students still wanted to get 
that doctorate degree that llad 
seemed so important several 
months earlier and they looked 
with more disfavor on demanding 
caree.rs than dil;i other students 
who didn't live in coed housing. 

The two psychiatrists also report 
that students from coed dorms 
made more trips to the student 
health center, indicating higher 
levels of stress in coed living. For 
the women however, it might not 
have been all that stressful; 21 
percent of them said they were 
visiting the health center for birth 
control information. 

453-8030 

stationed here. 
The link between endangered ••••••••••••••••••••• 

species and the quality of life in the .. it 
U.S. todaYw.asratherten~ous,b~t ~ Rick' Dairy Freeze ~ 
the crowd, mtent on takmg Car- ~ S ~ 
ter's and Brown's pictures, did not .. Burger Kitchen ir 
seem to notice, applauding him ~ ~ 
enthusiastically. ~ 5504 La Jolla Blvd ~ 
, Holding a boa constrictor and -tr . ir 
then a Galapagos turtle aloft, ~ SI d I II hi ir Carter called for the preservation ~ U en g ~ 
of these and other endangered -tr ~ 
species. "We've lost so many ~ W d d ft 3 PM ~ 
precious things," he said, because ~ Every e nes ay a er :t 
~.~e lack of good leadership in the t 20 % 011 Wllh Siudeol ID ~ 

a-·Slllllleiiir-v-in-g-N-o-r-th-C·o·u-n-ty-" t ThUrsdl:.I;ni SDeellls t 
and UCSD. . . t Every Thursday after 3 PM _ ~ 

Specializing in Water and 
, 

Flexible Contact Lenses 

Orthokeratot' 
VI ... I Perception 

ir Sept. 30th .. _ .. BBQ Beef SandWIch ir 
-tr 2 / $1.19 t ir . ~ 
.. Oct. 7th .. .. . ... _ ...... Tacos 4 / 99° -tr 
ir Oot. 14th. ___ .. _ ... _ .... Burritos 4 / 99° -tr 
ir Oct_ 21st ... . : ... Banana Splits 2 / 99°ir 

t Break'ast Enrv MOrning t 
ir $1.19 -tl 
.. 2 Eggs, Bacon or Sausage, Hash ir 
.. Browns and Toast. .. 
: Free Milk or Coffee t 
.. Phon in .. 

,,50 Comino DelMorSui re B Del Mor ~ Orde rs Accepted 45.c)-1877 ~ 
For on Appoinrmenr755 5484 "?- "?-

"-I _________ ~--... ................ If ......... .. 



Pap' tritOD times WedaHday, September 21, It'll 

Dylan. • • Offensive ... 
Graa was banned f 
and immoral passag 
Pound's poetry ',a 
"incoherent, the .v 
1D8Il." 

its "obscene 
." And Ezra 
proclaimed 
of a mad-

seventies, .filled with the 
movementl, fads, slang and 
penonalitlea of the time, songs 
thst were made to be eumined 
thirty years after they were 
written. . 

Dylan will most likely be a 
grandfather by the time they teach 
"Advanced Blonde on Blonde" at 
Oxford, but as he once said, "I'm 
still gonna be around when 
everybody gets their heads 
straight. " 

creative play. A New Games 
tournament Is meant to provide an 
arena for intense physical struggle 
and release of aggression. It Is also 
conceived as flU'llishing a forum 
for changing rules and designing 
games to fit participants' 
imaginations and abilities. It 
allows playel'l to compete together 
or against their own limitations 

ra~her than against each other." 

The game Is called orbit. I am 
lying on my back, In a circle with 
eight other people, our heads 
together, forming a Star, Everyone 
else surrounds us. 
. The obj~t of the game is to have 
the outside group pass the Earth 
Ball to the Star where LNo! We 
are supposed to see how high We 

backs, feet cocked above Our 
heads. And then, together, We 
shoot out Our feet, simultaneous 
impact -"'BOWOPP! - and up It 
goes, higher and higher, nearly 
hitting the celling, nearly in Orbit. 

Cheers and applause for 
everyone playing the game; not for 
me, not for-The Star, no cheel'l and 
applause for everyone in the game 
fill the gym. 

'I'bia slow acceptante Is probably 
110 surprise to Dylan, who has an 
acute aense of history and always 
plays bla cards riglX. Ilia lOngs are 
like a newsreel of the sbdties and 

can kick It. . 
The Ball comes towards the 

center, a perfect pass from the 
outside group. We wait on Our 

And, [ think, that is what New 
Games is all about. 

The Hevvlett-Packard first (anillyof calaJ1 ators 
are in a class by themselves. -- . 

Hewlett-Packard built the world 's first 
advanced pocket calculator back in 1972. 
And led the way ever since. 

Today. Hewlett-Packard calculators are 
recognized as The First Family by more 
than one million owners worldwide. In-
cluding Nobel Prize winners. USAUSSR 
astronauts . explorers. educators. scientists. 
businessmen, and students. Here's wny: 

First family design. 
Hewlett-Packard was first -and con-

tinue to lead -in the translation of state-
of-the-art techno logy into advanced 
calculators. . 

• 5uonI~ (,,(;tIl pUCf' el(ludlft. _pp".btt tU'f;lhd 1oca4,;tln -
c....n.1~N4IUS Al .. ~.;t .. ndH~"';I.1 

First family performance. 
Hewlett-Packard means the kind of 

performance that includes RPN 10gic'With 
four-memory stack. a full range of advanced 
functions. and much. much more. 

addition. a complete selection of optional 
acce sories increases the versatility of the 
calculator of your choice. Hewlett-Packard 
offers more because Hewlett-Packard 's got 
more to offer. 

First family reliability. 
When you buy a Hewlett-Packard 

calculator you get one year's protection on 
parts and labor. And a two working-day 
turn-around on most repairs. 

First family support. 
Every calculator comes with its own 

comprehensive Owner's Handbook. In 

Free booklet while 
supplies last. 

"What To Look For Before You Buy 
An Advanced Calculator" helps you make 
a wise pu rchasi ng decision. Pick up your 
free copy at your campus bookstore. Or 
telephone 800-538-7922 (in Calif. 
800-662-9862) toll-free for the name of 
your nearest dealer. 

HP-21 Scientific. 
New low price-$80.00* 

The HP-21 makes short work of the technical 
calculations even so-called "non-technical" cour es require. 
If you need a calculator that does more than simple 
arithmetic-this is it - especially at its new low price. 
• 32 built-in function and operations. -
• Performs all tandard log and tri g functions (in radians 

or degrees). 
• Performs rectangu lar/polar conversion. register 

arithmetic and more. 
• Addre sable memory. 
• Two display modes: Fixed poin t and scientific. 

HP·22 Business Management. 
$165.00* 

The HP-22 easily handles the kinds of calculalions 
you face in business cou rses today, in management 
tomorrow. Breeze through business math calculatio ns. 
Build eXlstmg stati stica l data into reliable forecasts . If 
you're going into business admini tratton, this is the 
calculator ~ r you . 
• Combines financial, mmhematical and statistical 

capabi!ttle . 
• Performs complex tim e·value-of-money computations 

including interest rates. 
• Performs rates of re turn and discounted cash flows 

for inve lment ana lysis. 
• Perform extended percent calculations. accumulated 

interest, amortiza tio n. e tc. 
• Ten addressable memories. 
• Full deCimal display control. 

HP·25C Scientific Program. 
mabie with Continuous 

, Memory. $200.00* 
The HP-25C is our keystroke pr grammable . It can 

solve automatically the repetitive problems every 
science and engineering studcnt faces . What 's more. 
Continuous Memory lets you retain programs and data 
even when it 's turned off. 
• Continuous memory capabiliry. 
• n built-in (unct ions and operat ions. 
• Keystroke programmabil ity. 
• Branching, conditional rest and full editing capability. 
• Eight addressable memories. . 
• We also o ffer the HP-25. (without the Con tmuous 

Memory feature) {or $145 .00~ 

HP-27 Scientific/Plus. $200.00* 
The Hp·27 is for the science or engineering student -

wh se cou rse work extends in to business admintstration. 
The rea~n : It featu re every pre-progra mmed sclcn tlfl 
function we've ever o ffercd . plus compre hensive tijt 
and fmancial functions Thus the name. Scicn tlficIPlus. 
• 28 pre-programmed exponcntial. log and trig functions. 

15 stati ttcal funCllons. 10 finand'l i (uOICl ions- 53 mall . 
• 10 addre sable memo nes- 20 memo ries In all 
· 6 selective clea ring o ptio ns ~ive flexible u of memories, 
• FIxed dectmal. SCientific or engmeering di play fo rmats . 

WecbRlday, September 21, 1171 triton times Page 7 

Dylan on Campus: liThe Times They are a-Changin' !I 
(CPS)-"Twenty years of by legions of teachers throughout New York Johns Ho kins . 

schoolin' and they put you on the the country, but is thought Qy some University and Dartmouth CJlege ~ laArP,tur d ~un~u~ ~nd. Bob that are leading t he trend . 
day shift," whined Bob Dylan in to be the maJor poet of our era. At a recent meet' of th ' Y n, an w y ns view of " Popular culture has not been 1~. But now Dylan himself-after [n the last two years, courses Modem Language Ass mg. ti . e wome~ ~,s evol~~ fro",l ,"~cho accepted by most major colleges 
fifteen yc;ars of myth-building and dealing with Dylan have been San Francisco fift OCIa ho~n posturmg .. to a reconciliation of yet," he asserted. Morrow himself 
paying literary dues-is being put offered at such diverse colleges as almost all' y sc . s, th~ sexes. . taught a pop culture course at USC 
back into schools, as Dylan the University of Southern professors g J'0r'!:jg to E~ISh I always use . Dylan in my which he found was extremely 
seminars spring up on campuses California, the State University of "The Der~n~:d:ee . Th Poetuss poetry classes, It'S . the most popular with students. 
around the country. r . e ry popular section ofthe course" says Morrow, praising Dylan 's 

It doesn't take a fortune teller or Belle D. Levinson, professor of eclectic taste in literature ex-
gypsy from Desolation Row to English at SUNY at Geneseo. plains, "Dylan is powerful ~ause 
know that the next generation will " Increasingly, " she aaas, he has the vision to seize the spirit 
find Dylan's words bound between "stude,nts are more familiar with of a movement, much like Yeats." 
Viking cloth covers, stacked 300 D~lan s song~, most~y because he's William McClain, professor or 
high In college bookstores, right bemg ~aught 10 the high schools." German at Johns Hopkins in 
next to Rimbaud and Whitman. [n LeVinson emphasizes the Baltimore, was tickled when a few 
the coming years, it will be the "crucial links" between the poetry of his students uncovered direct 
professors and critics who were of .oylan and the French Sym· paralIels in the writings of Dylan 
raised. on Dylan that will be bolists, particularly Rimbaud and and playwright Bertolt Brecht. 
detennining "hat is of "literary ~u.de~re. She lectures about the "It's wonderful to know that the 
merit," not their crotchety smulanty of Dylan 's and Rim- words and moods of Brecht are 

t~chers w~ rejected "the youth's ~ud's psrchic trips, how both available through Dylan on the 
VOice of the sixties." were. dramed by drugs and ~me juke boxes of America !" McClain 

"Anyone who thinks Dylan is a out .WItJ;t, cha~ed sens~ of per· said. 
great poet has rocks in his head," ~eption. . Their poetry IS that of And at Dartmouth College, 
snorted a University of Vermont . evocation and expenence rather where a seminar called "The 
English 'progessor in 1965, swn- than description." Levinson often Songs of Bob Dylan" was offered 
ming up academia's attitude com~res ~rlan's. "Mr. T~- last fall, Bob Ringler, a biology 
toward Dylan (himself a pounne Man to Runbaud's " The major, remarked "It was one of 
University of Minnesota <irop-out) , Drunken Boat" since both poems the best courses 'I've had. I was 

Not so long ago-just a handful of are .surr.ealistic, drug induced, somewhat skeptical at first, not 
maverick teachers were quoting mysllcal Journeys. knowing much about Dylan but [ 
Dylans's words, mostly graduate At geneseo, two of Levinson's found that some of his 'songs 

i~truc~rs .who led clandestine collea~u~s taught an in- recreated the themes of Browning, 
discUSSIOns In seedy coffeehouses, terdlSclphnary course on the music Blake and Rimbaud." 
seeking a respite from an outdated and poetry of Dylan that drew Dylan is only the latest in a long 
curriculum of a stuffy English scads of stu~ent raves. succession of renegade writers 
department. Or the draft reSisting 1i', ·. . The ChaIrman of the Modern who were scorned by the literati of 
music teacher who almost lost his I,'"~ '. '.. . Language conference, Patrick their day. Rimbaud was detested 
job for goading seventh graders ''\rA " Morrow of Auburn University in by the Parisian men of letters in 
into a secret verse of "Blowin' in .. \~'L' Alabam~, ag~ees that Dylan's time the early 1870's, and was running 
the Wine." w'.,,' has arrived In "higher learning" guns in Asia before cultists suc-

Today, Dylan is not only taught ~t. stresses that it's mostly the ceeded in legitimizing his poetry. 

Enlightenment... 
woman in Stinson Beach 
California , walked up to ~ 
Lutheran minister and handed him 

Choosing ... 

a loaded .44 Magnum. She then 
requested him to admit her into the 
Lutheran faith at gunpoint. The 
startled minister agreed and the 

Continued on Page 10 

In my case, [ am still struggling to take hold of my own philosophy. 
~od or a superior be~g to man will probably not be involved. Right now 
It appears that my philosophy will center around the following premise: 

"We should strive to gain as much knowledge as possible. We do this 
in an attempt to arrive at the three answers posed by this article. If we 
fin~ that gaining a certain bit of knowledge is bad we always have the 
option to remove (as in brainwashing) this knowledge from ourselves. 
Thus the gaining of knowledge cannot be bad." 

This philosophy gives each man a goal (gaining knowledge ) a pur-~se (to gain an understanding of ourselves), and hope (that ~hat we 
find out ahout man's ultimate purpose in the universe will be good.) 

Thus each man is involved in my "plan" of gaining knowledge, and [ 
ex.pect t;Bch one to contribute. Although my philosophy of life is cer-
tainly not complete at this point, it is interesting to note that already it 
has parallels with religion. 

For ani I not stating that each man is part of a "master plan?" 

JUnIor colleges and state schools Whitman's masterful Leaves of 
Continued on Page 6 

SPEED READING 
THE INSTITUT~ OF READING DEVELOPMENT 

will be txlsed upon a comparison of values: 
GOOD vs. BAD . 

RIGHT vs. WRONG 
IRD vs. EVB.YN WOOD 

So be an educated consumer and Compare. Find out why after a comparative 
evaluatioo of commercial reading programs, the Institute of Reading Deve'o~ent has 
the exclusive endorsement of the University of'Southern California 

For infonnation call 295.1055 

CPB Friday and Saturday Films 
Friday 

Where were 
youin'62? 

Mandeville Aadltortum 
Oc:tober I, 7:00,. and 9:30pm 
11.25 

Saturday 
LAST TANGO IN PARIS 

Mandeville Audltoflum 
October 2, 7 : 00 pm and 9: 30 pm 

$1.25 

Fall Film Poetere Aftlleble Frida, at the Stude.t Center 



"II_ tritOD tUnes WedJleeday, September II, ~ 

Geise- More Than a Weatherman 

~DA.'l'9 oer.lt> 
TlClWfr6 : 6~ 

lOU G&J..aRA.\.... "'OM, " '0""" ~A..""O (.........,.2.- 4oww) 

TIClC8T& ~ Ia: 
• laNeSS RBCOAOS 

AUDIO av 8OLJHO 

by Vera M.I. Todanv 
Commuily Editor 

Harry Geise has combined 40 
years of experience in meteoroloc 
with an unbelievable ImaglnaUon 
and~for~to~ 
one of the most successful 
weathennen in the United States. 

Geise Is based at his con-
dominium in Coronado, working 13 
hours per day, doing about 40 radio 
broadcasts and predicting 
weather up to one year in advance 
for over 800 California growers and 

_ Stanford University. He is also 
seen on local television doing 
KGTV's Noontime News. 

Geise has been instrumental in 
originating a very simple approach 
to meteorology using only a 
weather map af!d temperature 
readings for his predictions. He I 
admits "the hardest part of my 
.work is the geography." Geise 
adds that "there are factors you 
learn to look for to indicate specific 
weather conmtions because the 
pattern of the weather repeats." 

tour of duty predicting weather for 
the military during World War n. 

His business talents were a~ 
parent when, in 1937, at the age If 
17, he began selling forecasts to Ice 
cream companies in the Chicago 
area. Geise said, "They needed the 
obvious services, as short and long 
range forecasts of temperature 

. Weather aDd Adver1lllD, 
Geise's in,enuitv is still 1I0ina 

strong. He oflered a couple ci Ideas 
which could be used succeliful)y in 
the near future. Geise suggests 
that television sponsors should use 
weather forecastirig so they could 
buy teleVISion spots for com· 
mercials when the most people are 

Now Sho ..... at the La Paloma Sept. 29-0ct. 2 
J ..... 7:00(AIao at 10:2SFri. a Sat.) 

Geise also boasts tremendous 
success in training people In his 
field. Ae said that over three years 
ago he taught former playmate 
Christine Hanson, who had no 

Meteorologist Harry Giese [IT Photo: Bill Brooks) 
SlaughterhouM FI" 8:40 

October 3,4, Sat 7:00 and 9:30 

BEST OF THE' 
LR JOLLR FlM~. 

Special Muelcal Perform.nce by Scott 'Creaeman 

_ 1~ ~ 'O' ~,~lNrrAS 753·3955 

previous experience In tnat ueta, to and rainfall, high humidity COD-
predict the weather. "Sbe is now clitions, heat waves, etc. But most 
earning $60,000 per year doing important during depression years 
weather forecasts," said Geise. was the need of exacting short 

Early Success range . forecasts covering the' 
Geise has been interested in critical evening hours when as 

weather forecasting since his high much as 80 percent of their 
!>chool days. He attributes the business sometimes occurred." . 
development of his abilities at an "Late afternoon thunderstorms, 
early age to a " wonderful , flexible, if followed by clearing and humid 
and encouraging teacher" who conditions, could actually 
would relate schoolwork to his stimulate the sale of ice cream. 
learning in meteorology and let But if thunderstorm activity 
him experiment freely in the field. continued into the evening hours, 
His .only formal training con- there would be no need for extra 
stitutes one year of college and a _ help." 

**************************************************************** . 
* * 
* * * * ! STUDENT PARKING INFORMATION I 
* * ! Citations Are Issued To Illegally Parked Vehicles. I 
I I 
* * * Parking permits are required on campus 7:00 a .m. to 6:00 p.m., Monday through * * Friday. Parking meter fees ere also required during these hours. * 

** * Student ("S" permit) parking is restricted to YELLOW STRIPED SPACES in * * campus parking lots. * 
* * 
* * I EXCEPTION: GRACE PERIOD : 
* * * * 
* * * Students may park In YELLOW STRIPED SPACES ONLY without a * 
* permit from Monday, September 20 through Wedne.day, Octobar e, * 
* 1978, as a convenience to allow ample -time for purchaae of parking * 
* permits. Parking permits must be displayed after October 6. * 
* * * * 
* * 
* * * * * Parking permits are sold at tha Central Cashier's Office, Building 401, Matthews * 
* Campus and should be purchased as soon as you arrive on campus. To avoid in- * 
* creasing the length of lines for the payment of registration fees, student permits * 
* will not be sold on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, September 27,28, and 29 . * 
* * # During the period from September 18 through October 31, 1976 a student parking I 
* permit may be purchased for $36.00 for the academic year : Purchase your needs * 
* early and avoid the possibility of long lines at the last moment. * 

* 
* 
* 
* I 

I 
* 
* 
* , . 
•• 
•• 
•• ~ . 

I You must furnish proof of vehicle ownership (vehicle registration document) at 
the time of permit purchase. 

P.rklng Services personnel will be .t the Cashier's Office during the "Gr.ce 
t:-erlod"tu asalstyolt In Qbtalnlng your parking permit . 

If you have any questions or need .sslstance ple.se cell Parking Service. on I extension 4223 or stop by Building 400, Matthews Campus. 

UC San Diego Parking Services 

452·4223 

Building 400 Matthews Campus I 
**************************************************************** 

-

watching. If sponsors bought 
commercial time on stormy days, 
they would reach a larger 
audience, according to Geise. 

Weather aDd Wall Street 
Geise also said that It has been 

proven that more stock is sold on 
Wall Street during good weather. 
He thinks weather forecasting 
could become important to new 
corporations and industries selling 
stock to raise money for their 

. operation. He said, "If these 
companies could begin selling 
stock in good weather, they could 
raise more funding in a shorter 
amount of time, boosting their 
business tremendously. to 

SeU·made MaD 
Life has not been easy for Ceise 

though. He is a living example of 
·the proverbial "self-made man." 
Coining from a poor family, Geise 
had to sell magazines outside of the 
Chicago subways to supplement 
his mother's income when he was a 
young boy. 

Geise related that he would stay 
when it was freezing cold outside 
while the other boys selling 
magazines would go home. He 
said, "People would say I was a 
gOOd salesman, but all it was was 
that I didn't freeze." 

RADUATE STUDENTS _. New 
academic regulations ond a 
pamphlet describing committees 
has been sent to all graduate 
students, including SIO and Med 
SChool , by the Graduote Student 
Council (GSC). If you haven' t 
received your copy yet, ask your 
de rtment secretor . 

There/S 'a 
difference!!! 

PREPARE FOR : 

MCaT Over 3S y.en 
". of ex.,."enc. D,aT end IUC_ 
'" SmellCI_ LSAT Voluminous home GRE .udy m .... i ... 

CourMlth ..... . A'RIB censte",ty upd .. ... 
""aT 'T • .,. f.cilitl .. for 
""". reviews of cl_ 

CPAI' te.Gnsllnd for u. of suppl_mentery ......... 
FLEX M.Ic''UPi f~ ECFIIG m ..... '-oM 

un.EDIDS 
T-VAT 

.SAN DIEGO CENTER 
1180 Oarnet. Peciflc _.ell 921. 

Phone 

"edDacllay, September II, 197. triton times Page 9 

I 

Increase your as much as 100%1 

Chris Walsh, 
Engineering 
"It's really boring to read the way 
most people are taught. This way, 
you look at a page of print- you 
see the whole page. It's great!" 

Jeni Ma'ara, 
Student 
H[ had C's in high school. 
After Evelyn Wood Reading 
Dynamics. [ was able 
to maintain an A average:' 

John Futch, 
Law Student 
" With 60 briefs a week, the 
average student takes all week 
to prepare for class. In an 
even ing. I'm finished:' 

Jim Creighton, 
Student ' 
" [t's easy. Once you 
know how to do it. it's 
super easy!" 

Richard St. Laurent, 
Teacher 
.. [ was skeptical. bu t now I'm 
reading around 2300 word a 
minute. Puts you that much 
ahead of everyone else:' 

All it takes is one free lesson and you can zip through homework a lot faster. In fact , 
you can cut your study time almost in half! Hard to believe? Put us to the test. Come 
and discover the secrets to easy speed reading better 'Concentration, greater 
comprehension . These copyrighted techniques, taught in over 300 citias thro ughout the 
U.S. No gimmicks. No obligation. It's easy. It's fun . It works. 

Get it while ifs still free! 
• 

SUNDAY 
THRU 

THURSDAY 

LA JOLLA 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE INN 

1-5 at La Jolfa Village Dr. 

MISSION VALLEY 
MASTER HOSTS INN 

950 Hotel Circle 

4 P.M. OR·8 P.M. ~ EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS 
• 



Page It triton times " 

Infinity Volleyball and People Passing - New intercollegiate sports at UCSD?? [TT photo; Bill Brooks} 

Centurian Bicycles 
Sales & Service 

Canyon Bicycles 
4037 Governor Dr. 

University Square - University City 
452-1623 

OLD M O M ' • • 0000 TIME • • OLD 
IIARTI:ND&RS • N a w DRINa. • OLD 
W OM aN . YOUNO IU::N • O L D OAMES 
• NEW R ULJC8 • OLD JUTCH C N • H OT 
BAN' DWIC H II:8 • OLD COOK. A.UNTI. 

RUTH ' OLD P UCK ' NEW AIR HooDY 
• OLD MEN ' YOUNG WOMIlW • OLD 
POOL . NRW PONO • OLD FLOOR ' 

GR&A.T O~C1NO • OLD POO6SALL • 
NEW PACHINKO 

OLD HOURB ' llA.M TO 1:30AM 
OLD PLAce . 945 GARNET 

Surf's Up-
And Down 
In' La Jolla 

The eight miles of La . Jolla 
coastline offer discriminating 
surfers a variety or waves. They 
can choose among the playful 
beach breaks between La Jolla 
Shores and the rocks north of 
Scripps' Pier for some easy-riding 
fun waves, the fast breaking waves 
at Black's Beach, or the thick 
powerful waves which crash over 
La J olla's jagged reefs if they 
prefer to experience a more in-
tense situation. 

Although outstanding surf 
arrives infrequently, the waves are 
ridable somewhere in the La Jolla 
area nearly every day. The South 
swells of summer, the North swells 
of winter, the year-round West 
swells, and local wind swells are 
well received, providing year-
round enjoyment. 

On most good days, every sur-
fing spot in the area is crowded. 
This is mainly due to the high 
concentration of surfers in the San 
Diego area. If you don't feel like 
battling the crowds at La Jolla's 

- surfing breaks, you can head up 
the coast into the less crowded 
North County regions. 

Now that school is underway, 
campus surfers can look forward 
to the quality falltime surf and 
hope that sometime soon the waves 
will return to their fonn of last 
year's opening week. 

Enlightenment ... 
woman, afraid fo r her safety, 
entered into Lutheranism without 
any hesitation or regret. 

The Aroma of Belief lingers a 
long long time. Living in an era of 
change isn't easy. I'm not making 
judgements. Do what you want. 
But next time you have a 
Housecleaning of the Mind, make 
sure you know what you 're 
throwing away - you can't get it 
back. 

Current reports say she is now 
enjoying a rare piece of mind. " If I 
had to do it over again, I'm certain 
I would," she said recently of her 
conversion. How many of us can 
make the same statement about 
ANYTHING we've done? I don't 
agree with her methods, but I have 
to be honest. 

Sloff 
With This Ad 

On all records and tapes in 
stock, 

939 Turquoise 
[Between eass and Mission ] 

Pacific Beach 

Wednesday, September 29, 197& 

ofFENSivE 
Scott Sadil 

New Games and America's 
Bastard Athlete 

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, [ hear what you're saying. New Games: soft wal 
and creative play. 'Play hard, play fair, nobody hurt. ' 'Winning isn't 
everything, it's nothing.' sense of achievement and satisfaction come 
simply from the fun of participating, cooperating, and playing with, not 
against, one another. 

"Sounds to me like this New Games thing is just a lot of pussy-footin' 
hippie bunk being laid on us by those soft-hearted, peace-loving' punks. 
the non·meating types, that are afraid of any head-to-head fighting. 

"I mean, when I playa -game, I play to win. Or I at least wanna show 
my stuff. Do my thing. you know. A man wants to feel like a man! " 

Uh, I was a bit skeptical prior to the New Games tournament held this 
past Sunday in the UC San Diego Main Gym. 

••• Nearly three-hundred people are in the gym, separated into two groups 
by a rope strung high between the two sets of bleachers. The rope serves 
as a net. The' two groups, teams, are playing Infinity Volleyball. But the 
ball being used is this eno,nnous green thing, six-feet in diameter, too 
bulky, and bouncy for anyone person to handle. It's called an Earth Ball. 

"Control It! Control It! Lei it down so everyone can 'g~i their hands on 
It! " 

Twenty pairs of hands stabilize the Earth Ball from below. More hands 
strain to touch It. to feel It, to be a part of It and the game. 

And then there is this sudden great surge of energy - did someone say 
"Now!"? Did the Ball give the message? The Big Globe is lifted. passed, 
tossed, heaved far above the rope to the other side of the gym, where it 
bounds erratically about, not on the floor, but on more outstretched 
hands; hands that want to touch It, to hit It, to control It. so eve.ryone can 
jDin in for another return volley. 

I am a classic product of the American Sports System, that Bastard 
Athle~ more . common than any group of superstars, professionals, 
collegiate or high school sports performers. 

I am the Little Leaguer, the junior high flag football player, the high 
school all-around jock, the intramural athlete. entertaining at one time or 
Bn;other fantasies of playing in every one of the Big Leagues, but, despite 
mmor flashes of glory, defeated time and time again while attempting to 
rise to higher plateaus in the American Sports System, defeated by other 
hungry athletes, dominating coaches, and personal physical capabilities 
that are just t?o. daf!ln average, now relegated to following American 
Sports on teleVISIOn, ill newspapers, as a fan, idolizing Heroes, trying to 
reclaim lost glories in 'late 4lfternoon pick-up games, trying to keep in 

, shape for moments when physical skills might be called for where [ 
might still shine. _ ' 

I am the Bastard Athlete that New Games could never produce. 
••••• 

"This game," says the New Games referee, "is called The Mating 
Game. Each one of you will either be a dog, a duck, a cow, or a cat. On the 
count ?f three, everyone close their eyes and begin making the sound of 
the ammal they are. The object is to find and join up with all the others of 
yourowntype. 

"One, two three .. ." 
The noise is deafening - Quack ! Quack! - and it seems impossible to 

distinguish - Moo! Moo! - one sound from another. But Meow! Meow! -
there's another cat! right there, grab ahold, don't let her get away, and 
now the both of you sound off, and soon there are others -Meow! MEOW! 
MEOW! - until finally itis like being part of one big happy litter. 

••••• 
I play to win. But not because of any thrill-of-victory-agony-of-defeat 

BS. ~o, I play to win bec~use I want to perform to the best of my abilities 
and In the games America plays good performance is generally linked 
with winning. 

But in most New Games there are no winners or losers. In People Pass 
a game in which two lines of people crowd together shoulder-tD-shoulde; 
and front-to-back and unitedly pass individuals over their heads 
everyone's efforts are needed to keep the person in the air. And as each 
person is ha nded back, or after each person experiences a one-hundred-
hand back-butt-and-Ieg massage while six feet above the ground - after 
this, everyone feels like a winner. 

Or. in the. New ~ames Tug~f-War, where people are supposed to 
change ends if one Side gets too strong and begins to move the other side I 
said "Hey, I'm always on the losing side." ' 

" No! No !" someone corrected, " You're alwavs on the winDing side! " 
••••• • 

From The Whole Earth Ball Book : 
" New Games is an outgrowth of the philosophies of "soft war" and 

Continued 011 Page & ' 

------------------lOver 30,000 8erved --. I 
• ------_ .. 

: the 
• I Yellow 
I Subm-arine~!i!!!~ 
• 
• • 
• 
• 
• 

W.'II _. you the belt • __ riM 
InSanDitto 

WITH THIS COUPON 
BUY ONE SANDWICH AT THE REGULAR PRICE 

AND GET A DUPLICATE AT HALF PRICE 
Open Tues - Sl,tn 11 - 8 

I 
• I 
• I 
I 
I 
I 
• I 
I 
• I 

• • • One Block North o f New port Pier and • 
• 

Across from t he MuniCipa l P erking lot • 
Offer Expire 10 / 18/ 76 ----------~ ----------

. 

WedJ!HdlY, September!t, 1I'7t triton times 

Exam 2 Multiple C'-~ice: Score_· ___ _ 

'Hall 

• 

1. Which local restaurant serves spaghetti with white clam sauce? 
- a) Denny's 
- b) Marie Calendar's 
_ c) International House of Pancakes 
_ d) Carnegie A-440 Pizza Hall 

2. Paul Saltman is ? . 
_a) Vice-Chancellor of Academic Affairs 
_b) Chancellor of Academic Vice Affairs 
_c) Affairs Chancellor of Academic Vice . 
_d) Vice Academic Chancellor of Affairs 

Bring this exam to Carnegie A-440 for 
scoring by any waitress. 

100%: 1/3 off any pizza 
50%: $1.00 off any pizza 

0: 50¢ off any purchase 
Opportunity expires 

October.5, 1976 

Carnegie A-440 Pizza Hall • 2212 Cannel Valley Road, Del Mar 755·6778 

~********************************** ~ UNDERGRADUATES NEEDED AS a 
! MATHEMATICS GRADERS ~ 

~ * : ~83.76 per hour} ~ 
~ . 
~ * ~ Applinnts must have an overall college GPA of 3.0 or better and : 
iC good grades in Math lA, 8, C, D, or E or any upper division Math • 
~ courses, Applications are available on the top floor of AP&tM. • 
: Students will be considered on a first come first serve basis. • 
-il Selected graders will be contacted early in the quarter, ~ 
-il ' • 
-il * t TUDENTS WHO HAVE -GRADED BEFORE~ 
-il . • 
: MUST APPLY AGAIN AT THIS TIME- . ~ 
iC • 
***********************************. 

r-----------------------------, 
: Our Family Keeps Growing 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I, 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Why Not Join Usl 
. - \ 

Clmpus CrUllcit Frid., 1:30 pm 
North Conftrenet Room Student Ctnt.r 

International Center Matthews Campus 

L . Brinal Fritnd -----------------------------~ 
•• 

T RiYON ClASsiFiEds 
WANTEd 

Needed : good home for graceful , Intelligent. 
healthy kitten . 6 months old . female , 272-
3125 evenings . 

Hel icon . the UCSD li terary journaf. Is looking 
for people for its editing and writing staff. 
Units are available. Con tact Lowry Pel · 4th 
College writing or call Stefl 81453·7245. 

Typlsl needed to work for publishing firm . 
Will learn how 10 tYP05e!. MUST be accurate . 
with speed essential . Call 436·3747, Ask for 
Rich , 

Needed : Persons wilh very large or small 
heads (less than 21 or greater than 24 In.) for 
Alpha Wave study . Contact Basic Science 
Bldg 3046. Leave name, phone and head size. 
(9129) 

lOST ANd fOUNd 
Found : A North Face Parka ... near Revelle 
Residence Halls . Contact n off ice to. lden!. 
and collect, 

TRAvEl 
BOOK NOW. ON CAMPUS f New York & 
Europe fl ights, PSA ' reservations. CIEE 
student travel services open Mon. Wed , Frl. 
12·~ pm. Call ~~2·0630 . (c) 

,..,11 ServIce Travel Agency - All ca'lIers . 
including charters I American Youlh Hostel 
cards available. Call Beryel or Sam at TMT 
452· t981 • NO SERVICE CHARGE (CI 

housiNG 
Genesee Highland. Own room 3 ml from 
UCSD. S90lmonth & ulIl. No pets, no 
tobllc~. ~2-9642. Keep trying . 

For renl : 2 BOfI Million Beech on oo.rd-
wl lk . Fum. no petS II month I.ee. $325. 488-
13g&, _·131&. 386501_, PO/l) 

For Rent lurn . end ""Ium. Ipll Ocean Vllw 
V..,.tlon Viti • • Del Mar Village. Acroll lrom 
Beech 7511.." (C). 

Share apartment. Female over 30 wanted to 
share furnished apt, Pacific Beach with 
same. Own room and bath, Olympic pool , 
tennis court3. jacUZZi. sauna , clubhouse 
activitieS. utilities • all Included for SHIS . 
Excellent for newty-slngle or new·to·atea 
person . Prefer upbeat, casu~f . non·smoker • 
student. staff or faculty. Ruth 272-4t85. 
(1011) 

2 mature, serfous. non-smOking students 
.... anled to share spaclou. & quiet 3 BR house 
In S. Clairemont with canyon view & own 
large room. $120 & tl3 Utll iti05 Both sexes 
welcome. 292-0213. (10/1) 

2 BDRM House In Mission Beach. Fumlshed 
garage. front & back patio, t 14 block from 
Beach. S300mo. 486-0381 . (10 I t) 

Own Room with pri. bath In peaceful P B. apt 
for fem UCSD stud . In exchange for l ight 
hskplng or S85/month xiras Incfude use of 
kitchen, pool , tennis courts . maybe Cat 274 · 
1206 (,1011) ~ 

PERSONAls 
Moose once again we are he, • • Don 't hold 
your love out on me. S'gned a local beach 
person . 

Academics. Socfal Potential , SeKUalfly, 
Finances. Career. Self Actualizat ion. The 
numbers tell ALL about you and your SELF. 
What will this year bung you? Your 
numerology. P.O, Box 611 . La Mesa. CA 
92().4t . (9/29r 

• SERVICES 
MlJSICIANS REFERRAL SERVICE. 
If you are a musician presently wllhout work. 
Get your act togetherl Catl (714) ~40. 
(10f8) 

ACADEMIC RESEARCH PAPERS . 
Thoullnds on fill . Send S t ,00 for your i 92-
page. mall order catalog , 113221dano Ave .. 
1206H. Los Angele • • Calif . 90025 (213) 477-
&174. (12/6) 

SpaniSh end French privatI lassons. 234-
039\ utensron 335, (10125) 

Piano 1 .. lOns from Oberfln Conaervltory UC 
grad sludent . sa/hr Cosat AplS. 45~t717. 
(tO i l) 

A Weight Reduct ion Group wil l be started by 
Counseling and Psychologlcaf Services on 
Tuesday. October 5, from 3"':30. If Interested 
call Becca . ~2-3755 . and leaw name. 
numb .... and address. (IO/ ~ ) 

t968 Yamaha 305 motorcycle. runs good. 
looks ugly . transportalion for only 
S150 lo"er. Caft Dan , 274-0102. (1014) 

Honda CB350 t973 $4()() 00 or best offer . 
Also dDal turntable and dresser. Call after 6 
pm. ~sk for Herb. (1011) 

SchWinn 5-speed $25 Ralelght 10 speed $50. 
2 Vone> tennrs rackets $45 TO" surlboard 
$35 Call .3290 Bonnie. (1011) 

1973 Datsun PICk-UP RI H automatic good 
COndlt,on but I'll take what I can get Call 481 · 
9057 after 6. (1011) 

Hang glider. 1 9-foot Free-flighl . lac tory built . 
taken good care of . 3-cotor sail. Cun 454-
1053. (9 /29) 

1970 ,yamaha 250 Enduro eng ine just rebu,lt 
Great for school S350 w,th helmet Call Larry 
453-t 9. 

WORK SHOES 
Red Wing steel toe, V,bram soles, fils 7 to 8. 
Cost S52. worn twice. yours for S25. Adidas 
" Tobacco - shoes size 9 • $10 Near new. 
comfy suede PaUl. x24.28 or 271).5166. leave 
message . (9129) 

64 T-Bird excetlent condition - new top , 
convert,ble. fight blue cllfl 453-7689 eve, 

TAPE RecORDER 
MinI. Bulll· ln & remot. mikes , t_counter . 
more. S20 Paul . x2428 or 276-5166. eYes 
(9129) 

BOOkS t l2 011 and """" _ ...... 
tin bOOkS bought & SOld. e. Llbria 
Bookstore 

Peugout Ii) speed 23" frame , •• Cel cond $ 
or DeS! off ... C- 452·1213 or )(34&1 . 

71 Vega HatchbtrCk 5700 Call ~511-0857 ft.r 
6p m. (9/2n 

t 



More Joh .,r Grads 
(CPS) - Coll"ge students who 

graduated last pring had better 
luck finding em loyment than the 
class of 1975 according to a College 
Placement Council report. 

Women who completed un-
dergraduate degrees in 1976 did 
particularly well, the report said. 
They received 59 percent more job 
offerS than women who gr.aduated 
the previous year. While job offers 
for men with undergraduate 
degrees increased by only 4 per-
cent, women still accounted for 
only 19 percent of the jobs offered 
to bachelor degree graduates. 

Spanish Colonization Symposium 
A symposium exploring the 

origins and development of 
Spanish colonization of the 
Californias will take place under 
the direction of the UCSD Center 
for Iberian and Latin American 
Studies (CILAS) and the drama 

department, this Saturday and 
Sunday. 

Entitled "From Lope de Vega to 
San Diego," the symposium will 
feature a 300 year old play by Lope 
de Vega, "San Diego de Alcala." 
Performances, open ' to the public, 
will be held Saturday and Sunday 
at 4 pm in the courtyard of the 
International Center on the Mat· 
thews Campus. 

Saturday morning at 9: 30 
professors Joseph Silverman of UC 
Santa Cruz and James Monroe of 
UC Berkeley will discuSs "Cultural 
Backgrounds of Spanish 
Imperialism as Presented in de 
Vega's 'San Diego de Alcala'." 
Then at 11 am, professors Donald 
Cutter of the University of New 
Mexico and Iris Enstrand of the 
University of San Diego will lec· 
ture on the " Political and 
Diplomatic Contexts of Spanish 
Expansion in the 18th Century." 
The talks are open to the public. 

triton time8 

mark the day by "doina nothing 
but I didn't get around to It. " 

"Bello to Oet'l1llD" 
People are unrealistically 

looking for short-term magical 
solutions for weight loss, says a 
clinical psychologist who will lead 

Sunday at 9: 15 am Father a one-day aernlnar on losing weight 
Francis Guest of the Historical and maintaining thal loss. 
Foundation at Santa Barbara "One thing we've learned about 
MIssion, and Dr. David Pinera weight control is that there are no 
Ramirez, coordinator of Centro de magical solutions, but there are 
Investigaciones Historicas in ways to lose weight in a con-
Tijuana, will extrapolate on scientious fashion," says Morton 
" Mission Colonization and Shaevitz, director of UCSD 
Political Control in Spanish counseling and psychology ser· 
California." The same morning at vices. 
11 Professor Robert Heizer of UC The seminar-"Let's Begin to 
Berkeley and Professor Lucy get Thin"-is sponsored by UCSD 
Killea, executive secretary of Extension, open to the public for a 
Fronteras '76, will discuss the $19 fee and will meet from 9 am to 4 
" Impact of Colonization on the - pm this Saturday in HSS 1330. 
Native Americans of California." Shaevitz, who has extensive 

Better Both Late 
and Never 

(CPS·ZNS) The 
Procrastinators Club of America 
celebrated its " Be Late for 
Something Day" by putting the 
whole thing off until next year. 

Procrastinators President Lew 
Waas explained that he intended to 

experience in the management of 
obesity, will be joined by a physical 
fitness expert, a nutritionalist and 
a physician, to review what is 
currently known about weight loss 
and maintenance. 

"Fad diets are good for short· 
term weight loss," Shaevitz notes. 
" But not for weight maintenance. 
Most people see fad diets as short· 

SCIENTIFIC CALCULATOR 

.... lar Pric. 

less 
''''-ill 
AIIowallc. 

YOU 
PlY 
OILll 

• 
1 06 Preprogra~med F~nctions 

in one Compact 
Rechargeable Calculator 

Mr. Calculator is proud to announce a trade-in offer just as school is 
starting. This is the time you are most wanting to trade up from your old 
model. Commodore 's SR4190 is almost too comple~e . Never before , at any 
price, have you been able to get all these features, let alone get $30.00 for 
your old slide rule . • 
The SR4190R has 10 digit mantissa and 2 digit exponent and signs for 
both. Each program - activated by a single stroke - is equlva1ent to a 

• complete card program on those other brands. No ne~d to engage in 
lengthy computations and preparations of card programming. Commo· 
dore has done it for you in the first complete preprogrammed scientific 
calculator. 
Compare features listed below, and you will recognize the value at 79.95. 
Dig out your trade·ln and visit our store today and save $30.00. 

SR4190R 

Bring in your old calculator 
. . . wooden slide rule .. , or 
even an abacus. We'll accept 
them 'all for the 30 .00 trade-in 
on the purchase of the 
SR4190R Commodore. But 
you must act now, this is a 
limited time offer: 

You ha". ••• n thl. 
Calculator In SCIEN· 
TIFIC AMERICAN, 
now own it for only 
49.95 and your old 
slide rule . Start the 
new school year with 
this super value. 

.. '" lMChill,. h ... 12 _til •• " ... " . 

NOW IN SAl DIEGO 

-II 
.... 

-
--

--
-

" 
- -

--

-
--

,_, 

--

--.. -........... 

-
-

.11 

/" ALSO LOCA'nD 'N: 
4639 College Ave. at EI Caion Blvd. 

(hi ColI.g. Center · Next to Fotomat) 583·8666 Open 10.6 Dally Closed S·un. 
IAN FRANCIKO, IAN JOel, 
PALO AL TO, .""I~Y, MILL 
VALLEY, AUSTIN. HOUSTON 

++ 
-)( 

Wednesday, September 21.117' 

tenn changes in eating behavior to 
achieve a weight lou. 

"But most people don't want to 
continue to eat that way. And, 
when they've lost U~ir weight, 
they revert to their old eating 
behaviors-which got them fat in 
the first place." 

Further information about the 
course is available at the Exten-
sion office, MC 103. 

Recndtlng for Fellowships 
The Senate Rules Committee has 

approved recruiting at campuses 
statewide for six ·candidates to 
serve fellowships in the 
Sacramento offices of California 
State Senators. 

The Senate-office fellowships, 
due to begin next January, are in 
addition to the six fellowships 
available every autumn on major 
policy committees of the California 
Senate. 

Senate Fellows earn a stipend of 
$764 a month. The fellows serving 
in the individual offices of Senators 
start in January and serve for six 
months. The committee fellows 
serve for nine to twelve months. 

To be eligible, an applicant must 
have been graduated by college or 
be scheduled for graduation by the 
date the program starts. 

Applications for the January 
class are available by writing the 
Senate Fellowship Program, State 
Capitol, Room 5100, Sacramento, 
California. The deadline for ap-
plying is OctQber 17. 

Successful fellows analyze bills, 
conduct research and carry out 
administrative responsibilities. 
They also meet at seminars with 
key figures in public life, com-
munications and state govern-
ment. 

OMMUNITY 
LOODBANK 

983 India 
327 FStreet 

PAYS DONORS 
for Service 

Mon . . Fri . 
233-5481 
234·4601 

* ************* * 
* * 
* * : ALL : 
i JEWS i 
* * 
* * : CHABAD I 
: for * 
* * i Yom Kipper i 
* * 
* * * October 3rd * 
* Service. Begin * 
: 8:30 p.m. [K~I Nldre) : 
* October 4th * 
: Service. begtn :: 
* at 10a.m. * 

* * 
* * * . Make * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 

Reservations 
Now I 

Free Fr_ . 
* For more Informetlon: * 
* Call Chabad * 
: 6115 Montezuma :: 
* San Diego, Ca 92116 * 
* 288-4747 ! 
1************* 


