
Citizens Groups Act to Prevent Senate Bill 1 Excesses· 
by JaJDel G. Soto • freedom although he has not been convicted of a crime .. . ' 

City Editor H IStO ry of S B 1 Hinson said that once the bill is passed it will be a federul crime to even 
A major drive to arouse public attention to the co~troversial Senate Bill Dates From '66 LDJ pass a petition aro~nd. "In other words," said Hinson, "there would be 

SB1, which would change the federal penal cf.Xie, lS currently underway 'no protest allowed. ' 
this week at UC San Diego and otherlocal campuses. SB 1 bad its beginnings after "Ninety-nine out of 100 people don't know the bill is even being con-

Local members ofthe Church of Scientology and CalPmG have been former President Lyndon sidered," he continued. 
circulating petitions urging California Senators Alan Cranston and John Johnson's Commission on Crime " People find the whole concept of the bill unbelievable," said Thom-
V. Tunney to actively seek the bill's defeat. determined that tbe US criminal pson. "Thus it is important to inform people of what the bill is all about." 

Though most legislators and lawyers have asked for a recodification of code was an effective obstacle to 
the penal system, the pr~ bill has attracted much opposition from proper law enforcement. 
citizens groups and legislators. The code, wbJcb bas not been 

SBI was first discussed in 1966 when President Johnson authorized a 12- revised since 1909, contains 
member commission to prepare a uniform penal code. The commission provisions tbat are ignored, or 
submitted its final report in 1971. President Nixon revised the bill, tbat contradict otber sections. 
presenting it in its final form in 1973. Crimes are defined differently in 

Limits Rigbts different sections, and punish-
Critics of the bill contend that its passage would seriously limit in- ments for tbem are inconsistent. 

dividual and constitutional rights. There are criminal provisions 
Jim Thompson, president of the Association of Scientologists for publisbed outside Title 18 - the 

Reform, Bob Hinson, president of the Citizens Commission on Human actual criminal code - and 
Rights in San Diego, and Roger Garrison, chairperson of the Association others have been misfiled, and 
of Scientologists for Refonn, are coordinating the San Diego drive. often lost completely as a result. 

Thompwn described the controversial bill as "Nixon's last travail," Acting on the report of the 
and said it covers everytrun8 from mental hospitals to freedom of the Jobnson commission, Congress 
press. appointed a commission in 1966 to 

The coordinators of the drive say in their petition that the bill should be Continued on Page 8 
defeated because it would allow "psychiatric opinion to deny a person his 

Student Governance 
Gets A Good Start 

by Mark Stadler 
News EdItor 

.....",..,....,....,., ...... 

It wasn't exactly the mos(important student conference at UC San 
Diego this year. 

Nothing was decided. No vital actions were 
mendations will be forthcoming. 

COMMENTARY 
Only 20 people showed up. The rain, and possibly ideological and 

personal conflicts, caused that. 
But the Conference on Student Governance and Autonomy was a good 

start, and a good base for what could be a productive thing in the future. 
More Expected 

The conference, as planned, had been divided into three major 
discussion topics-fractionalism at UCSD, student motivation and student 
government on campus-in anticipation of a larger number of par-
ticipants. 

Little Publicity 
The drive's coordinators are suspicious that the bill has had so little 

publicity. Thompson said that even though it is hard to find supporters for 
the bill in its present form, it is difficult to understand how the bill has 
gotten as far as it has. . 

Another supporter of the petition drive. Roger Garrison, said that he 
has tried to get copies of the bill from Cranston's office, but even 
they have not been able to get any. 

One of the major complaints about the proposed bill, according to 
Thompson, is that "it is loosely worded. though it is 750 pages long." 
Garrison said that the bill cannot be amended, and thus it must be 
defeated. According to the American Civil Liberties Union, out of the 750 
pages in the bill, 720 are inherently unamendable. 

Former Sen. Sam Ervin said that if SB1 is passed, it would essentially 
set up a police state. 

Both Cranston and Tunney have expressed opposition to the bill. 
Petitions against the bill will be available for signatures at the Revelle 

Plaza. Hinson also hopes to have a teach-in later in the month. 

"_"If, Febnary 11, In. 
3rd College 
Unit II 
A Necessity 

by Ran Anbar 
Staff Writer 

Chancellor McElroy will address 
the UC San Diego Board of 
Overseers today on the necessity of 
constructing Third College's 
Academic Unit II . 

However, when fewer than expected arrived, this proved 
unworkable and the gathering became a free flow of ideas and in-
formation. Most of the people brought questions about UCSD's operations 
and Ron Green and Mark Rapaport, the prime movers behind the con-
ference, tried to explain the mysterious workings of the UfIiversity's 

Ticket Sales for Andre Kole's " World of Illusion" were 
conducted last week from an automobile on Revelle Plaza . 

In a letter sent to the members of 
the board, McElroy pointed out the 
compelling reasons fot' building the 
Academic Unit II of Third College 
even though the " ... Governor's 
policy with regard to University 
capital projects is one of 'no new 
starts,' based partly on an overall 
leveling off of UC enrollments." 

power structure. . 
The moderators made some attempt to steer discussion toward the 

three proposed topics, but were Wlsuccessful. This worked to both the 
advantage and detriment of the conference. 

The discussion was often slowed by side issues irrelevent to the 
discussion, but the lack of strict guidelines allowed a natural emergence 
of discussion topics to occur. 

Sunday those topics were communication, motivation, fractionalism 
and the power structure. 

At the beginning ~f the conference, Green and Rapaport both ad-
ministrative interns and Student Cooperative c<H!oordinators: explained 
the university's administrative channels-"where the power and the 
money is." 

Although Green later said he felt that wasn't useful, that people should 
learn administrative ins and outs themselves, it was apparent most 
people considered it necessary. 

Participants demonstrated a concern with those channelS and how to 
get things done. They wanted to know where to go to change things they 
think need change. 

Ombudsman 
Motivation was a topic of much discussion. The great difficulty of 

matching the efforts of students, who have to contend with classes, with 
administrators, who are paid to run the university, was brought up and 
talked about at great length. 

One solution to that problem was the idea of an ombudsman, a full time 
employee who would work in the administration to further the "students' 

interest~. " 
Fractionalism was identified as a major cause of the lack of student 

autonomy on campus. "The undergraduates at uam are split up by a 
number of artificial institutions which vie for their attentions, allegiences 
and time," said the conference's introductory paper. 

The paper went on to identify those Institutions as the college system, 
the campus community, dorm life, academic departments, classes and 
student organizations. . . 

Part of the fractionalism problem results (rom poor communication, 
participants determined. The student power is divided into the Coop, the 
college councils, the student interns and campus wide committee 
members, but they don't communicate and subsequently often dupUcate 
each others' efforts. 

It was decided that no formal report of the meeting be made to the Coop 
because, in the words of one .. rticipant, "We were just pass"" the bull." 

DeSpite the small number of people who attended, Rapaport indicated 
C .. tIIlaed .. Pile' 

Feminist Coalition Formed 
To End Alienation 

by Vera M. I. Todorov 
Staff Writer 

The UC San Diego Feminist 
Coalition, a group formed to work 
for the passage of the Equal Rights 
Amendment (ERA), is trying to 
educate women about various 
aspects of the amendment. 

To maintain the California 
ratification of the ERA, the 
Feminist Coalition believes an 
educational campaign is needed to 
counteract anti-ERA forces, 
namely, STOP ERA, a national 
organization and, according to the 
Coaltions offshoot of the John 
Birch Society. 

The ERA was passed by 
Congress in 1972, but needs the 
ratification of 38 states by March 
1979 before it becomes law. 

raising events planned for the near 
fu ture. 

To celebrate International 
Women's Day on March 8th, the 
feminists will join women in other 
major cities of the United States in 
holding a peaceful demonstration. 
The Feminist Coalition is con-
sidering holding a women 's march 
and rally through downtown San 
Diego to Balboa Park, although no 
specific details have been outlined 
yet. 

ERA Debate 
A debate concerning the ERA is 

being scheduled by the Feminist 
Coalition, who plan to bring 
together Mary Nichols, member of 
the National Women 's Politicar 
Caucus and an attorney who 
handles equal rights in em-
ployment cases, and Maurine 
Startup, California chairman and 
national board member of STOP 
ERA. in a discussion of the pros 
and cons of the 27th amendment. 

Continued on Page 8 

McElroy feels that: 
- Without the completion of 

Third College's physical plant it 
would be an incomplete college. 

- Space should be provided for 
socia l sciences and humanities 
programs in Third College, which 
are currently housed on Matthews 
campus. These programs could 
then be housed in buildings ad-
joining other Third College 
facilities in a " homogeneous en-
vironment. " 

- Add i ti ona I perman-en t 
classroom space should be 
provided in Third College. 

~Office space for the College 
Provost, deans, counselors, and 
administrative offices, should be 
provided under one roof . 

- The completion of the Unit II 
will permit all of the Third College 
Matthews space to the vacated, 
thereby providing needed ex-
pansion space for the growth of 
Fourth CoIl ge. 

AI 0 to be discu ed in the 
meetil'g will be the Governor's 
budget, particularly as it relates to 
the ultimate growth of Third and 
Fourth colleges. 

Ronette Youmans, chairman of 
the Feminist Coalition, says that 
most of the 15-20 core members 
joined the organization because, as 
women, they felt alienated from 
society and from the UCSD 
community. This type of alienation 
is one reason for the group's 
upport of the ERA, which 

provides that "equality of rights 
under the law shall not be denied or 
abridged by the United States, or 
by any state, on account of sex. " 

Socialist Musa To Speak Here 

Peaceful Demonstration 
Because the Feminist Coalition 

has only been organized for several 
weeks, it hasn't taken much action 
though, it has some consciousness-

Omari Musa, the Socialilt 
Worker's Party candidate for US 
Senate will speak at UC San 
Diego tomorrow at noon. 

Musa, who is seeking the seat 
held by John V. Tunney (D-Ca) 
will speak on the need for jobs, 
the US policy on Angola , 

d Equal IUAAts 
Amendment and the tatus of 
illegal aliens. 

This is Musa 's vud UCSD 
appearance this school year. 

He will speak in the north 
conferenc room of the student 
center. 

3 



Pap I • rl ..... 11IIl'S 

Letters to the Editor 

Not One Student Should Be Denied 
While McElroy Lives Rent-Free 

It is readily apparent from W.O. 
McElroy's comments (TI, Jan. 
28 ), that the December recess did 
nothing to restore the Chancellor'S 
discursive faculties. 

The administration no longer 
dallies with threats of more 
crowded sections and fewer TAs. 
Now, we are warned, students will 

be lucky if they are not dismissed 
from this illustriously ad-
ministered institution because of 
financial cutbacks. McElroy does 
not elaborate on what criteria will 

be used to distinguish goats from 
sheep, but it is clear from the 
spurious proceedings following 
Saxon 's debacle that criticism of 

the administration may eminently 
qualify an individual for the axe. 

The GSU is opposed to the ad-
ministration policy of making the 
University community's most 
vulnerable members fear the 
burden of financial shortages. This 
is the Wizard of en telling the 
munchkins to tighten their belts. 

We would suggestthat before one 
student be dropped because of 
budgetary cuts, McElroy begin 
paying rent . Better yet, the 
University should sell the Chan-
cellor's mansion and use funds 
acquired thereby to maintain full 

. student enrollment and hire 
needed TAs. (150 TAs could be 
hired with money from such a 
sale.) 

If You'll All Line Up Here ... 
Hey. How about a little courtesy. I, too, am a street parker and every 

day I have to hunt for a place, all the while passing cars parked with 
almost, but not quite, enough room both in front and back. 

Please, when you park, pull up to the car in front as close as you can. 
Leave only enough room so you will have to work a little to get out. I am 
swe everyone has seen this problem. 

Enough said! 
DAVID LIPPINCOTI 

Taylor Ought to Know Better 
On Monday, Feb. 2, the Triton 

Times ran a column on Pat 
Moynihan by JOM Taylor in which 
Taylor commented negatively on 
the US position in the Middle East, 
while allowing that he didn't un-
derstand the Middle East situation. 
Taylor managed to show off his 
misunderstanding very well by 
reducing the entire situation to a 

mention of the Palestinians, the 
Gaza strip and the Golan heights. 

I have one question for Taylor. If 
you don' t understand the Middle 
East, as you admit, why did you 
say anything about it? 

MARTIN S. GAYNOR 
UNION OF JEWISH 

STUDENTS 

Before one student is told his 
academic career is over, we should 
eliminate the excess ad-
ministrators on this campus. 

' UCSD spends more money per 
student on general administration 
than any other UC campus - $100 
more per student than the second 
highest campus, UCR. Studies 
have shown that anywhere from 
$320,000 to $450,000 annually could 
be freed for teaching as opposed to 
administrative expenses at UCSD. 

McElroy's statements and 
Avrum Stroll's recent remarks 
rTI, Jan. 23) make even more 
convincing the 1973 report on 
UCSD by the Western Association 
of Schools and College Accrediting 
Commission. This study sums up 
eloquently the wonders costly 
administration has wrought on this 
campus: 

" Administrative organization 
has been, and is, in a state of un-
certain transition .. . there was no 
discerned evidence of long-range 
planning of administrative 
organization which would take into 
account anticipated growth in size 
and complexity ... An unfortunate 
consequence of changing 
leadership and poorly defined or 

' ill-understood lines of respon-
sibility has been campus-wide 
confusion and uncertainty." 

When the acc rediting com-
mission visits UCSD this spring, it 
seems very doubUul they will have 
anything more positive to say. 

JOHN WINSLOW 
KEVIN O'CONNOR 

CO-SECRETARIES, 
GRADUATE STUDENT UNION 

What Does a Black Hole? 
The following is the Constitution 

of the new organization, known as 
the Black Hole. The group bas 
requested that it be printed to 
alleviate problems tbat have 
arisen within the University, 

Constitution of 
The Black Hole 

We, the officers and members, in 
order to form a more perfect in-
tellectual union on this campus and 
the world, preserve freedom of 
thought and expression, insure the 

mental and physical tranquility, do 
hereby establish 

The Black Hole , 
a non-denominational organization 
welcoming all interested parties. 

The function of the group will be 
to serve as a center for permitting 
free exchange of ideas and 
feelings , maintaining the right to 
censure those acts which threaten 
the personal being of any in-
dividual. 

A Black Hole is a collapsed star 
whose gravitational field is so 

•• -i.oll • i nil's 

Mark Woelber 
Managing editor 

Mark Stadler 
News editor 

Craig Uchida 
Opinion Editor 

Sara J. Lowen 
Community Editor 

Dave Elsen 
Sports editor 

UC San Diego 
John H. Taylor 
Editor-in-chief 

Nathan Meyers 
Photo editor 

.Tames G. Soto 
City editor 

Anne Liebler 
Copy editor 

Kenzie Nicoll 
Business Manager 

Damel Shawler 
Arts editor 

Wendy Eagle 
Office manager 

great as to restrict even light from 
escaping. It is an anomaly of 
nature, possibly a fundamental 
link to comprehending the 
universe. This group may also 
hopefully provide for the o~ 
portunity to begin to understand 
the universe within each person. 

Inference to racism or sexism is 
the result of misunderstanding by 
those parties concerned. 

THE BLACK HOLE 

Special Issue 
The Triton Times plans a special 

issue on the concept of a university 
education in general, and UC San 
Diego's brand of education in 
particular. 

The issue will discuss what a 
university education is good for 
tangibly (that is, getting a job) , 
and less tangibly (becoming 
prepared for " life;~ both 
emotionally and intellectually.) 

The issue will appear Monday, 
Feb. 23. 

In addition to stories by mem-
bers of our staff, the issue will 
include perspective and opinion 
pieces by members of the campus 
community. We welcome su~ 
missions from anyone who has 
something to say about education, 
here or anywhere. The deadline is 
Feb. 13. 

Werlaelday, Febnaary 11,11'76 

TRB 

The Game 
Thank God for Betty Ford. We know where she stands on the Supreme 

Court's 7-2 decision on abortion. She's for it. The Court ruled in 1973 that a 
state may not prevent a woman from having an abortion in the first six 
months of pregnancy and with qualifications thereafter. So where does 
her husband stand? 

He thinks the Court "went too far." Would he overrule the Court witha 
constitutional amendment? Yes and no. He tells Walter Cronkite that he 
doesn't favor an amendment directly overturninll the Court. He favors an 
amendment turning the whole thing back to the states. That makes 
everything clear. We can't imagine ·tw~thirds of Congress and three-
fourths of the states putting that in the Constitution. 

In contrast to this, Mrs. Ford said, "It was the best thing in the world 
that the Supreme Court voted to legalize abortion and-bring it out of the 
backwoods and put it into the hospitals where it belongs." 

Had she anything to add to that, she was asked last week, in view of her 
husband's remarks? According to her press secretary, Sheila Welden-
feld, Mrs. Ford " juSt repeated the statement." 

At a reporters' breakfast with presidential hopeful Birch Bayh last 
week practically all the questions were about abortion. One-issue, ac-
tivist groups have great power in primaries in swinging the balance on 
such matters. Bayb supports the Coart. We might have asked him 
questions on foreign pollcy; after all, if elected he will administer it. No, 
it was abortion. And it is true of other Democrats (of whom only George 
Wallace supporta an anti-abortion jlmendment, though Jimmy Carter 
tends to waffie) . 

Ronald Reagan has developed a constitutional amendment approach, 
however, so now Ford has to. 

Sometimes TRB gloomily wonders if America's labyrinthine 
presidential selection process picks the right man. Ford can hardly utte r 
a speech these days without quoting Tom Paine or the Founding Fathers, 
so here's one to add, by Ge.orge Mason (17W7 ) talking about selecting the 
President (Chief Magistrate): 

" It would be as natural to refer the choice of a proper character for 
Chief Magistrate to the people, as it would to refer a trial of colours to a 
blind man." 

The Founders' idea was to let the Best Minds pick the President 
through the Electoral CoJlege (which is still right there in the Constitution 
waiting to trip us up someday and throw the whole thing into the House as 
it did in 1800 and 1824) . The present system costs $100 million, lasts a year 
and is filled with a tangle of irrelevancies that would make a Founding 
Father rub his wig. They were men of genius-and all honor to them-but 
they were an elite group, about equaJly afraid of George III and the Mob 
(by the ·latter they meant the man in the street) . 

The Electoral CoJlege is in the Constitution to protect the Republic from 
people like you and me. Something to remember in the bicentennial year. 

It's a question many are asking-whether our system works very well. 
Opinion poJls show alarming disillusionment with politicians and the' 
government process. The infection could spread to democracy itself. In 
1972, a national New York Tlmes-Yankelovic survey asked, " Which 
candidate, Richard Nixon or George McGovern, do you find the more 
attractive? " 

The largest group (37%) said neither; after that, Nixon 33%, McGovern 
23%, Unsure 7%, And in the election, only 55% of those eligible voted. In 
1968, 60% of eligibles voted. The trend points down. Fletcher L. Byrom, 
chairman of the Koppers Co., Inc.: told the Industrial Conference BOjIrd, 
" I think we are long overdue for a serious examination and overhaul of 
our system of government. I believe that our political institutions are 
completely irrelevant to today's society." 

Few are so bold; but what an odd system , where for a third of the past 
50 years there has been split party control in Washington-the President 
of one party, the Congress of the other. There isn't another democracy 
that could survive our system. 

Historian James MacGregor Burns wrote, "The American system, in 
its ultimate foundation, is built upon a belief in weak government." That 
belief has opened the way in modern times to an aggrandizement of the 
Presidency: we must have a strong government some way or the other in 
a violent world . 

The chief danger now is the unique power of the President to take action 
without consultation-Kennedy attacked Cuba, Johnson bombed Hanoi, 
Nixon attacked Cambodia. (We are still finding IOUs of Nixon; now we 
are told he promised Vietnam $3 billion in aid if they signed the peace 
program, although Kissinger told Congress there were no secret 
agreements). 

Is our system working well? After two years we still have no energy 
program; we can't agree on the economy; we mark time on many vital 
issues; in 18 months Ford has cast 44 vetoes contrasted to 30 for Nixon in 
five and a half years. In a parliamentary democracy almost anyone of 
these vetoes would have precipitated a national election. 

One can't help casting a wistful glance up at Canada now and then. An 
election there is short and snappy, about two months. What a timesaver. 

. At the last one in 1974 some 71 % voted. Quickness lends mama. This 
strange governmental twilight in Washington of half action, half 
stalemate couldn't exist under their rules. Under their game there is 
always a clear responsibility, and you always know who has it. 

The head of government (governor-general) is separated from the 
political head (prime minister). There is no awesome mystique about 
Pierre Trudeau. Also, of course, the legislature picks the prime minister 
regardless of caucuses in Iowa or primaries in New Hampshire, and a 
battle over abortion is the party's responsibility. 

In a recent article, former Supreme Court Justice Abe Fortas proposed 
a " no confidence" vote to recall a president but said modern Americans 
are " too volatile, too mercurial" for a straight parliamentary system. , 
Maybe he is right; maybe we aren't up to our ancestors who mysteriously 
struck off the most successful and radical form of government in the 
world. 

We are the only democracy left that plays our particular variety of the 
game. The Washington whistle blows. The legislative process begins! 
Who has the ball? Is there a ball? 

The Trlloo Times Is recogn ized bV Ihe Communlaolioo. BOlrd of UCSO I. Ih .. offlc ial 
sludenl newspaper. Publication Is on Mondays , WedneSdays and FrldlVI during Ihe 
regular school year (excepl on official holldlyal . EdHorlai and business offic ... r. 
localed in 117 Blake Hall on lhe Al!llelle College campus, Unlyersllv 01 Call1o,"ll . SIn 
~Iego , 

Lellers to the Editor and opinion columns are welCOmed . 1111 submission. should be 
tvped on 8 74·space lin. on nonerasable Pipe. , They should nol •• teed I"'''' pig" In 
lenllih double·spaced, The Triton Times r ... NeS I". rlgllllO "'II aubmlnlonl beCluae 
of space limllalioos or stvle requlremenl. , 

For edllorlal , call ~2·3466: tor buslneUlnd dlsptlY ad"""lsements, cIU.52.348II. 
En1l,. contenls copY"OhI1976. T.lton Tim ... 

wedaelday, February 11, 1976 Page 3 

Commentary 

Another View On Angola:Let's Not Confuse It with Vietnam 
by John Wagner 

In today's complex world of 
international politics, there are 
three nations with the status of 
'superpowers:" the US, the USSR 

and The People's Republic of 
China. 

The US and · USSR are the two 
most powerful and foremost rivals. 
Both are inherently expansionistic 
and imperialistic. Both are 
inherentl y underhanded and 
devious in terms of their cond uct.in 
the Cold War, which is still going 
on. The existence of nuclear 
weapons on each side renders the 
thought of a confrontation between 
these two entities completely 
undesirable. Because of the 
irreconcilable conflicts of interests 
which exist between them, a 
delicate balance of power must be 
maintained, especially in the Third 
World , in order to preclude either 
s ide from becoming too 
aggressive. 

As Tlme'magazine pointed out in 
December, " .it is unclear" who 
first escalated the current conflict 
in Angola . Currently, however, 
Russia has 11,400 Cuban mer-
ce naries aiding the MPLA. 
America has many Zairese and 
South African troops aiding the two 
opposing factions. The South 

CIL4HTERS 
SAVE UP TO 5<r.4 in '76 

EUROPE from'211* 
2-3-4-5-6 up to 24 wb. 

APR.-OCT. '76 
Over 915 flights but: 
LIMITED SEA 15· on long 
and summer flights so 
book today for '76 
0 ... "_,, "-tJ II _II. 

291-8141 

Mollion VoIlo,-fquofuble 8!dg 
1333 Camino delltio South 

S,D., CA 92101 
• Minimum forI which rioes de· 
pendent on dole & length of flile. 

Closed Sundays an d Mondays 

5625 La Jolla Blvd . 
La Jolla 459-8218 

Redkm Retail Centre 

Africans are withdrawing, struggle. Instead we should be 
ne()-isolationist in our foreign 
policy. America is inextricably 
immersed economically, militarily 
and politically in al1 parts of the 
world, as is the Soviet Union. 

China, instead of confining almost 
all of our military activity to the 
South and just trying to bomb the 
North into negotiating, we could 
(and would ) have sent a huge 
number of troops into that area at 
one time. The conflict would have 
ended literally overnight, similar 
to our actions in the Dominican 
Republic in 1965. 

No one wants direct American 
involvement in another war. The · 
chances are great that it won't be 

however. 
This mayor may not shift the 

balance in favor of the opposition. 
With the discontinuation of 
American financial support, the 
chances of a shift are greatly in-
creased . 

This is not a wise course to take. 
If withdrawal is to occur, it must 
be bilateral, not unilateral. All 
foreign support (American funds 
and the CIA, Soviet funds and 
advisors, Cuban, South Mrican, 
and Zairese troops) must leave 
together. 

In Angola, the only real a lter-
natives are a n indirectly fueled 
bilateral war or a bilateral peace 
through a coalition government. If 
the choice (by both sides) is war, 
then due to the national climate, 
world opinion and for the sake of 
America not resuming its 
notorious role of the "world 
policeman" arbitrarily, America 
must (and surely will, due to a split 
in our government ruling circles) 
refrain from active military in-
tervention unless it has no other 
alternative . 

The comparison between Angola 
and Vietnam is, however, sim-
plistic and unsupportable when put 
under examination. Many people 
forget how limited we were in the 
last war, because of geography. 
North Vietnam borders on China, 
just as North Korea does. 

When the Korean war began in 
1950, the original strategy of the 
Truman Administration was to end 
the conflict quickly by militarily 
seizing North Korea and halting 
her offensive. However, when we 
did this, huge numbers of Chinese 
troops came pouring through their 
border, for we were taking their 
" buffer zone," something that is 
important· to the national security 
of any superpower. So that war 
became unwinnable. Its entire 
nature was changed and had to be 
settled by a negotiated stalemate. 

Another difference between 
Angola and Vietnam is that in 
Vietnam there was only one 
foreign aggressor - the US, who 
first through a wholly owned client 
regime, then through advisors and 
finally with troops, tried to keep 
that country divided after it was 
supposed to be reunited in 1956. 
This certainly is not the case now, 

necessary, but a balance of power 
must be maintained in Angola . If 
the choice is peace, let all foreign 
forces and support withdraw. If 
the choice is to be war, let us 
promote a stalemate to encourage 
eventual negotiations among 
themselves. 

Unfortunately, that is the way it 
has to be in the international 
"global arena ." And let us be 
rea listic about our fears con-
cerning the conflict in that country, 
and not make unrealistic com-
parisons of it with Vietnam. 

NOW OPEN DAILY 

THE JUTE DEPOT 
2368 Kettner Blvd . 
Kettner and Laurel 

Phone 239-1418 9:30 to 6 daily 

The same held true in Indochina. 

But which countries border on 
Angola'? It is surrounded by Zaire, 
Southwest Africa and Zambia - all 
small Third World non-communist 
nations that don't even approach 
the status of superpowers. Nor are 
they near any, geographically, so 
there would be no " endless" war. 
It would be ended relatively 
quickly if active American in-
tervention was to take place. The 
Cubans troops could also be cut off 
easily. 

LOWEST PRICES 
IN TOWN FOR 

No one wants direct American 
involvement in another war. The 
national feeling indicates that we 
should avoid anothe r Vietnam: 
another prolonged, endless 

It, too, became a stalemate (a 
long, bloody, drawn out one) 
because we did not want to get into 
another land war with a country of 
several hundred million people. If 
North Vietnam did not border on 

r-------~--------- WIN 

26 smash ing I UTE colors 
Beads·Rings-Shells-800ks· 

Ethnic Jewelery 
10% off with this ad . 

-----------------. 

AN $800 STEREO 
FROM DITTOS. 

PIck the most Grammy winners. Deadline February 15. 
On February 28th, Dittos jeans is co· ponSOr for the ex· 

citing nation·wide telecast from Los Angele of the Grammy 
Awards on CBS TV, 

From that bowl. our judges will draw at random the 
winning entry. 

If it' you , you 'lI receive a stereo sy tern worth $ 00 
retail , everything you need to enjoy beautiful music. We hope you'll be watching. Because you can be a 

winner, too-just by entering our Grammy Winners Contest! 
Check the categories here. Pick the winners. Mail your 

entry before February 25. 1976. 

It include an AM / FM stereo receiver. high performance 
turntable, plus two powerful speakers. 

After the Grammy Awards are announced on February 
28, our independent judging orga ni zation will check all con· 
test entries. In case of a tie, all tying entries go into a bowl. 

Tear this entry blank out. Fill it out. Attach to your 
letterhead ~nd mail to Ditto of California. Inc .. Grammy 
Contest, Dept. A, Box 17, New York. NY 10046, 

All entries become the property of Dittu. Good luck! 

I. Record of the year 
:J AT SEVE:-.JTEEN, Janb Ian; C!II. 

Brook..; Arthu r. Pmducer 
lJ LOVE WI LL Kr:EI' LIS TOGETHER , 

Captain & Tennille, 11 &M Daryl Dragon, 
Producer 

o LYIN' EYES. Eagle,; ,h.l//ll ll 
Bill ·zymclyk . I'nKluccr 

o MAI\DY. Barry ~lanil,,\\;Ali.'I{' Cli\e 
Davis. Bm-f)' Manilo\\", and Ron Dante. 
P",dllcers 

o RIIINESTOI E COWBOY, Glen 
Campbell: CtlPi11l1 Denni. Lambert. 
Brian Pott er. Producers 

1. Album of the year 
o BETWEEN THE LI ES. Janis Ian : Col. 

Brooks Arthur, Producer 
o CAPTAIN FANTASTIC AND THE 

BROWN I IRT COWBOY. Ell un John; 
M CA Gus Dudgeon, Producer 

o HEART LIKE A WHEEL, Lin~a 
Ronstadl; apilil l Peter Asher. Producer 

o ONE OF THESE NIGHTS. E.,gles; 
Asyllllll Bill Szymczyk. Producer 

o STILL CRAZY AFTER ALL THESE 
YEARS, Paul Simon: (.il!. Paul Simon, 
Phil Ramnne. Producers 

Ie Best pop vocal performance, 
fem8Ie 
o AIN'T NO WAY TO TREAT A LADY. 

Helell Reddy: .IillKlc. Capillli 
o AT SEVENTEEN, Janis lall : .<illll"' , 

COl lllllbill 
o HAVE YO U EVER BEEN Mr:LLOW, 

Olivia Newton ·John ; " iIlKlf, MeA 
o HEART LIKE A WHEEL, 

Lillda Run~ladt: alhlllll , Capi"" 
o SEN£) IN THE CLOWNS. Judy Cull in.: 

sillJ.lII'. f/"klm 
4. Best pop vocal performance, 

..... 

o BA Il HLOOI), Neil daka; .<ill,ll/l'. 
t<,wkC"l 

o CAI'TAI FANTASTIC ANn TilE 
BROW DIRT COWBOY. EIt"n John; 
IIlhlllll . M CA 

o FEEI.INGS, Mllrri, AlIX'rl . . ,iIlKIf'. RC...! 
o RIIINESTONE COW BOY. 

Glcn Campbell ; " "'KIr·. Crr/llllli 
o ·TlLL R,\ZY AFTER 1.1. TIIESE 

YEARS, Paul Snllun, alhll lll. Odrllll bln e.-. _____ _ 

5. Best vocal performance by 
a duo, group or chorus 
o A CAPELLA 2. The ingers Unlimited : 

nlblllll , M PSI IJA SF 
o LOVE WILL KEEl' l iS TOGETllfX 

Captdin & Tenni lle: " illplc, A&M 
o LYI N' EYE. Eagles: .,illg". As)'11I1II 
o ~IY UTTLE TOWN, Simon & 

Gilrfunkel: ,il/glr. C"IIIII/bIG 
o THE WAY WE WERE/TRY TO 

REMEMBER. Gladys Knighl & Ihe 
Pips; sillglp 

6. Best pop instrumental 
performance 
o BRAZIL. The Rilchie Family; sil/pl,·. 

2Ulh C"I/I, 
O CHA SE THECLO lJsAWAY. 

Chuck Mangiune; alblllll, A&M 
o T HE HUSTLE, Van McCoy and the 

Soul City Symphony; sillll"·. A r'("l1 
o T HE ROCKFOR D FILES, Mike Post : 

sillglc. MCM 
o TOM CAT, Tom coli & the L.A , 

Express: ((Ibll lll , Ode 
~ Best country vocal 

performance, female 
0 1 CAN·T HELP IT IF I'M STILL IN 

I. OI'/:: WI7H YO //, Linda Runstadl; 
sil/Klc, O1/1ilol 

o IF I COULD ONLY WI, YO UR LOVE. 
Emmyluu Harris; sillplp, R,·,.d,,· 

o I'M I OT USA . Jes>i Coller; sil/Xir ', 
Cnp,llIl 

o JOLr:N r: Imr/{ [mill "III (.;",n',I:· 
Dully Parton: R A 

o THE PILL, Lorella Lynn; silllilC'. MCA 

NiHllC ____ _ 

Address _______ _ 

Ctly ___ _ 

Siale 
l'hone ______ _ 

DlIIO! 
FI!d 'hl' HI! 

.. . 

.. Best country vocal 
performance, male 
D ARE YOl' RE HMK OO:\E IT 

THI S WAY'. Waylon Jenning. 
o BEFORE THE NEXT TEARDROP 

FALLS. Freddy Fender 
C BI.l E EYES CRYIKG Ir-; THE RAI:'>: . 

Wilhe ·elson 
C COU:\TRY BOY YOI ' COT YOI ·R 

FEfT I,\I L.A .. Glen Campbell 
.... ~))STY, Ray Sle,·en 
o THA\ K GOn),M A COU7liTRY BOY. 

John Denver 
9. Best country vocal perform-

ance, by a duo or group 
o FEEUN :Cun\\,ay Twilly & Loretta 

Lynn : Sill,ll"', MC.4 
o I'LL GOTOMYGRA\"ELOV I GYO 

Stall l'r Brolhers: .\f"X"·, M"IrIIIY 
o LIVE YO UR LIFE BEFORE YOll DIE. 

The Poinler Sislers , "I/KII', Mlllllrlllmi 
o LOVER PLEASE. Kris Knsioffer>on & 

Rita Coolidge: " illgll', MIII/llillcul 
o TEXA GOl.D. A~leep At The Wheel ; 

alblllll, Ca/lil,,1 
10. Best comedy recordl .. 

o AN EVENING WITH WALLY LONDO 
FEATlIR1NG BIl.L SLASZO. 
G urge Carhn; Lilllr' '"wid 

o IS IT OMETIII G I SA)J)? 
Richard Pryur; Rl'pri,,' 

o MATCHING TIE & IIAN DKER CII IEF, 
Munly Pylhon; A n sln 

o MOilER I S REA I. Lily Tomlin, 
PI/(vd",. 

o A STAR I. BOUGHT, Alben Brmb: 
A.<)'IIr 11/ 

IL Album of best .... naJ score 
written for • moCion picture 
or a teleris60n spedal 
D JAWS. John Wtlliam, COIllPl"el, MeA 
o Ml' RDER ON T il E (JRIE:-;T E\I'I<ESS, 

RI hal d I{'Kln Iknnell,· ~npu , 
C"{lI/lIl 

o ·A:IIVII.I.f:. alTadlllr; Jllil~~1 . Ba,km . 
Reichel(. Glbsfln. Black. Ilmpu~e'" .ARC 

[]TilE RETI'RN OF TilE i'1:-;K 
1'1\ :\TlI ER, ""Ill ,. 1\1.",unl. COlllp<"l·r. 
t<Ct 

[ TilE WI;li1J r\:\J) TilE UO!,> . kill 
G"ld .... mllh, COlllpu:o-t>I. 111.,1(1 

-------.... 

3 



• rI .... 1 .IM'S Weclaelday, February \1, 1171 

I 8 Walkout Prevents Coop Budget Vote 
WII 
This 

C •• rll •• lllRllr 

"it's getting easier and easier to shovel shit if anybody has a load on 
their brain just let 01' hank here know about it and i' ll roll up a sheet of 
newspaper and scoop it up with the little-known scooping action 
guaranteed not to get any on the fingers. 

Business scueeched to a halt at 
the Student Cooperative (Coop) 
meeting Monday night after five 
members staged an a pparently 
organized walk-oul The walk-out 
eliminated the quorum and 
prevented a key budget vote. 

The vote would have dealt with 
Budget Resource Group (BRG) 
budget recommendations line by 
line, a manner which the UC San 
Diego administration had in-
dicated was Questionable . 

Moments before the walk-out, 
the Coop had voted to suspend the 
rules and vote by the line-item 
method. 

Had the vote occurred and the 
measure passed, it could have been 
interpreted as defying the UCSD 
administration a nd an assertion of 
direct student control over student 
funds. 

Wa lk-Out Analyzed 
Coop members of both relatively 

liberal and conservative 

viewpoints interpreted the walk-
out as being motivated by the 
participants' unwillingness to defy 
the administration or upset the 
present system. 

The only participant who could 
Ix' reached after the meeting, Ann 
Carberry, refused to comment. 
Ron Green, Mark Rapaport and 
Steve Petach were also involved In 
the walk-out. 

"who's crock of shit are you going to buy for training a puppy? buy this 
stuff and get a sheet of newspaper, maybe more if this is bigger than an 
eight-pager, like as not it's smaller what with everything and the crock 
put out and believed." . 

it's hank. he's in the bar again. 

Student Vendors Earn 
School Money 

Had the measure passed, the 
Coop would have essentially voted 
line by line on t he recom -
mendations, which is against its 
present rules, and require either 
blanket approval or disapproval. 

Asscmbly Proposed 
The Coop also heard a proposal 

by Mark Fin~erman, Appoint-
ments and Evaluations coor-
dinator, to create a " Represen-
tative Collective." The group 
would be composed of all student 
representatives to campus-wide 
committees, who number about 
200. 

"i was down on my hands and knees scooping up the shit left by the dog i 
found the other day over somewhere lost putting around looking for 18 
year old girls and instead i wound up with a dog. shepherd and sheep, they 
say. anyway, i was down there like i said before when all of a sudden it hit 
me that i hadn't had a drink, no alchohol indeed, for a whole day. i 
proceeded down here to quickly rectify that situation, shouldering the dog 
who for the moment and even up to now remains plugged up. " 

right now hank looks like jim morrisson, or so he thinks, he ain't got 
quite .the wad, or the eyes, or anything except someone to~d him that and 
ever since hank acts like he 's dead, ya know, ,uncarmg of the con- · 
sequences. which explains his nasty habit of commenting to passerbys, 
most of them women : 

let 's not talk about what 
she means to me 

what the hell does she 
do with you? 

" people can't live alone but they can't live together either, that goes for 
dogs too," is another of hank's stolen lines. 

overall, fast action and danger made him forget the hurt he packed in 
his heart. so hank sat in the bar this afternoon and tried to line up a coke 
deal. 

"i know a guy with a white panel truck we can load up everything in the 
back it has a secret passageway under the bed built in the back we' ll hit it 
big and i can buy myself a radio job ... cocaine, eases my brain." 

" then we'll film it and edit it down to a hit single 45 which all the 
stations will play because inside every 45 paper jacket, sewn inside in a 

.place only known to us freaks will be the line: hey baby, don't i know you 
from cell bio?" 

hank is so happy because he realizes that he is soon to begin summer 
vacation with a degree awarded to him for smoking pot and whacking off 
in the early morning. he's damn proud, too, that he kept his principles and 
MOST .of all, his idealism. 

" it's damn hard to shoot off inside a sleeping bag and not juice up the 
sides, hell, i deserve a degree just for that! " 

i'd just started picturing in my mind hank in his sleeping bag when 
bonosky walked in. hank immediately walked out, the back way. 

"see you later, alligator," he called. bonosky caught wind, must've 
been that puppy smell and took off like a tank. 40 yards in 4.2 that bonosky 
did and at 4671bs. playing weight that was damn good even for a guerilla. 
with age he'd got a little slower, his reflexes toned down in the 
professional wrestling circuit, so he only got hank by the bottom of his 
ha ir with his one foot out the door. 

" PUNK, DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM? " 
"fuck, no, i don't know who you are but i 'm not about to play any 

guessing games. just save me two inches, for my mother, please." 
" I'M BONOSKY. A GUY YOU WROTE ABOUT SENT ME. NAME 'S 

KISS." 
"kiss, huh? yea, i remember. he ended up with a broken coors bottle i~ 

an . .. uncomfortable place. right?" 
" RIGHT." 
" right, sometimes my memory works." 
" ANY LAST REQUESTS?" 
" scotch and soda?" 
bonosky nodded at the tender, who already had it up. he grabbed it and 

poured it down hank 's thorat. hank gurgled but got it all down. he was 
ready. 

" bonosky, if you don't let the hell go of my hair i'm gonna cry and you 
don't wanta be responsible for making a grown man cry, DO YOU." 

bonosky was weakened, and as soon as hank felt a lapse of tension of his 
roots he wrenched away, jumped behind the bar, whipped out a white 
paper packet from inside his jeans cuff, spread out, razor bladed and 
lined a shot faster than bonosky could grunt looking at the remaining air 
in his hand. bonosky came fowa rd , his fists clenched, nostrils three inches 
wide. he raised his fist and the veins stood out on his knuckles. hank saw 
his chance. 

"got a straw, bonosky?" 
"sure, hank, like you say, always leave a cache and always break the 

law. " 

by Debora Weber 
StaHWriter 

On any relatively warm day, itis 
not hard to find a sidewalk vendor 
on campus. They aren't all, . 
however, commercial sellers 
trying to set up trade on campus, 
but for the most part are students 
here at UC San Diego attempting to 
pay their fees by selling handmade 
items. 

The Student Center has set up a 
program under which students and 
others with hand-made items may 
se ll their wares on campus. Each 
seller is asked to register his name 
and address, and receives a permit 
for any 15 days during the quarter 
in which to do his selling. There is 
no charge for this, and if space is 

EAB Sponsors 
Valentine Fantasy 

A new and perhaps tradition-
setting event for the UC San Diego 
community will occur Saturday, 
Feb. 14. 

Epsilon Alpha Beta (EAB), the 
campus service franternity will 
sponsor " A Valentine Fantasy," a 
semi-formal dinner dance at the 
Kona Kai Club in San Diego. 

According to Alec Nadelman, 
fou nding member of EAB, the idea 
for this social gathering stemmed 
from the "apathetic and non-
spir ited atmosphere prevailing on 
this campus." The lack of interest 
to participate as well as the lack of 
communication between students 
and the administration were cited 
by Nedelman as further reasons 
for the fete . 

The entire project will be 
financed by the fraternity. The 
fraternity requested a total of $400 
from the Budget Resource Group 
(BRG ) to cover half the cost of a 
band and advertising, but the BRG 
would not allocate money for the 
dance or publicity. 

EAB was established in 1975 to 
serve the campus community. 
Unlike other fraternities with rigid 
membership qualifications, the 
EAB is open to all students. It has 
no links with any other fraternity 
off campus. 

The organization provides 
ushering for campus programs, 
movies and dances. A prison book 
drop will begin Feb. 4 to collect 
unused student books to be 
distributed in California prisons. 

.~~+.~~~~.~.~~.++.+++++~++~+ .. ~+~+~ 
-fl CU.C . .:Ean :D i.£y 0, CamllLu ~'t09W.m !Boa'td p'tuLnti .. 
-fl . .. 
t Tile Prague Madrigal * 
-fI 8- .. i lIlgcrs : t with authentic Renaissance costumes and * 
-II instruments from the National Museum of Prague .. 
-II Sunday Feb 15 8pm * t Mandeville Auditorium • * 
-II St. $2.50 GA $4.00 ~ .. 
-II .. 
-II Tickets: UCSD BOX OFFICE Info : 452-4090 .. 
-II ' .. ~+++++~++~+++++ .. +++++++++++++~+. 

available, an additional 15 selling 
days may be acquired. Space is 
limited to five scllers per cClch of 
the three selling a reas. These 
include th Revelle Plaza , the 
Student Center, and the Muir 
Commons. 

Pleasant Work 
According to some vendors, the 

selling is not very stable. Some 
days provide good business while 
on others, especia lIy the last 
Friday in the month, sales are few 
and far between. The atmosphere 
is a pleasant one in which to work, 
and customers are friendly. 

A wide variety of items are 
permitted to be sold on campus, 
ranging from belts to jewelry to 
plants and evcn skateboards. The 
major restric ted item is foodstuffs . 
Tn order to sell food it would 
require a permit from various 
Health Boards and a lot of red tape. 
The exception to this rule is 
" Barry's Bagels." They have been 
selling bagels so long, few even 
remember Barry himself. Under a 
sort of " Grandfather Rule," they 
are permitted to continue selling 
on ca mpus. 

Anyone interested in selling his 
handiwork on campus should stop 
by the Student Center, between 
Rcvelle ami Muir Campuses to ask 
questions or apply for a Vendors 
permit. , 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
If you are interested in spending 

3-4 hours/week in either of these 
projects sign up at the Student 
Organ izati ons Office, second floor 
of the Student Center , or call X4617 
oller 2 pm. 

Empty calories moketh a full 
heart I Give your true love(s) a 
personal i zed heart shaped cookie 
on Volentine's Day. Cookies will be 
on sole Friday at the Revelle Plaza, 
Crafts Center, Mu ir Commons and 
the Basic Science Bu ilding . Benefit 
for the UCSD Day Care Center. 

The Student Volunteer Program is 
now recruiting volunteers for the ' 
following projects in Son Diego: 
1. Social advocates for Youth , " 
program similar to the Big 
Brother/ Big Sister model, needs 
students who are interested in 
working with young people (5· 16 
years old ) on a one-to-one basis. 
2 . The Clerk of the Board of 
Supervisors office, San Diego 
County, needs assistance in a 
current project : microfilming, 
aud iting, and inde~ing official 
records. 

The move would be an attempt to 
quell fractional ism among the 
various student governments on 
campus. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Volunteers are needed for the 
MCAT Course. Students who took 
the course last year and can 
volunteer their time, please con tact 
Shirley Cunningham, X4253. 

MCAT preparation course will 
meet every Wednesday, from 5-6 
pm in the Basic Science Building, 
room 2100. Anyone planning to 
take this course is invited to par· 
ticipate. For informat ion call 452-
4253 . 

Amnesty Internotional : human 
rights for pol itical prisoners. A 
display at Cluster- Undergraduate 
.Library all this week. 

WE HAVE THE 
BEST SEATS IN TOWN 

A deposit will 
guarantee you a ticket 

CALL ANY T IME 

San DieQO Ticket Sales 
Located in Pacific Beach 

CAMP KOMAR OFF 
Jewish Resident 

Camp in Lake A rrowhead 
Inter viewing a t Sa n Diego Sta te 

fo r counselo r , speciaJi ts, supervi ors. 

kitchen & maintena n ce. 
TUE Feb 10 
WED Feb II 

9am - 12 noon 
I pm - 5pm CALL: 286-6851 

Wednesday, February 11,1176 • rl.oll .IIJI(~ 

Wedding Band Fails to Strengthen Those 
Who Need it Now, Despite Its Truth 
by Conley Major 

Staff Writer 

The UCSD Theatre's first 
presentation of 1976, " :rtte We~ing 
Band" by Alice Childress, IS a 
distlni!uished work of acting a nd 
prOCjUCl:lon. The play is dfrected by 

sophisticated, but mostly tainted 
with a touch of macabre irony. 
While Nelson appears conscious of 
the sincerity in his mother's intent, 
he finds little solace from his 
torment a nd is left to search for 
dignity in a war to "help make the 
world safe for democracy" and 

trilogy of black women whose 
struggle for survival is com-
plicated and compromised by 
Julia's indiscretion. Patricia 
Roberts was boisterous and 
abrasive in the role of a woman 
intent on domina ting the rest of the 
women's lives, while secretly 
yearning for a man to dominate 
her. 

Susan Lewis captured the fceling 
of dissolution in the role of 
Annabelle, Herman's sister , whose 
true dreams are shattered by her 
mother's obsession with southern 
aristocracy. Although at first she 
felt repugnant at her brother's 
imprudent love affair with a black 
woman she later secretly admired 
his courage . At the climax when 
Julia and Frieda , played by Joan 
Rosenfels, engaged one another in 
verbal combat, Lewis vividly 
conveyed the loss of composure 
Frieda suffered from her wounded 
ego. 

Ju lia Augustine (Laurine Towler) rushes to her dying lover 
Herman (Ralph Joyce). as Herman's disapproving mother 
(Susan Lewis) looks on (TT photos: Conley Major). 

The music was provided by 
Karen Williams and Louis Major. 
Williams began and ended the play 
with soothing ballads adding the 
crowning touches to the per· 
formance. Louis makes several 
brief appearances adding to the 
dramatic detail of a shrimpman 
and minstrel. Floyd Gaffney. 

Primarily a drama about an 
interracial love affair in North 
Ca rolina just after the turn of the 
century, a nwnber of other themes 
also emerge in " Wedding Band." 
Unfortunately, none of the themes 
raised are ever resolved, nor, can 
we expect them to be. 

lt is a play about the past but 
with a very contemporary 
mea ning . The audience was 
quickly engrossed with the emotion 
a nd intensity the characters 
evoked, attesting to.il fine job of 
casting by Gaffney. 

" Wedding Band" featured a 
superb cast. Laurine Towler, in the 
role of Julia Augustine , the 
protagonist, displayed an im-
pressive talent which made her 
convincing and gave considerable 
de pth to her part. With her costar 
Ralph Joyce, who gave an out-
standing performance as Herbert, 
her lover, the two contributed 
greatly to the quality of the 
production. 

The surprising quality of the 
maturing actors which abounded 
in " Wedding Band" made it worth 
viewing despite arty shortcomings. 
Tonie Butler, as Lula Green, 
Debbie Huston as Mattie, and 
Patricia Roberts as Fanny 
Johnson , gave dimension to 
maternal black families by 
illuminating the timelessness of 
"uncorrected wrongs" which have 
tra ditionally afflicted and 
threatened their families. 

Lula Green emasculates her son 
elson, played by James Avery, in 

the name of survival. Her method 
is s imultaneously crude and 

• •••• • •• •••• • • * 

* 

/)uM:;"'~ifj-~ 
5 ALL DIIY LIFT Tr(Km 

: 5 NI&HU Looew. 
'v/E.lCOf'f£ file r 
2 "PIINeu • 

• 
'WIN! ~ CHLU£ f),/CT'Y 

* 8UFFET ])_~ Ar:W-" b 
* 

• 

• 

• 

• 

• 

* 

• 

• 

.. 

. .... , . . . . . .. . 

safe for his own continued per-
secution. Avery , an increasingly 
accomplished actor, with many 
credits to his name dating back to 
City College with Jack Brownlee 
and J .D. Hill in " The Days of Dis' 
Dat Does and Dese," was well 
suited for the part. His s ize seemed 
to dramatize the frustration of his 
inadequacy even more. 

Johnny Reb', the bell man was 
portaryed by Gerry Edwards with 
such realism that it made one 
wonder whether or not he was 
acting. Sly , slick and wicked, his 
role epitomized the stereotypical 
piece of poor southern white trash. 
Edwards was particularly ef-
fective in exercising an almost 
hypnotic effect over Teeta, played 
by Angela Cunningham. 

Teeta's mother, the romantic, 
illiterate Mattie, takes great 
pleasure from being the only 
woman in the neighborhood 
blessed with a husband. As it turns 
out she .has two, one exited, the 
other conscripted. Debbie Huston 
was comfortable in the role which 
provided some light moments, 
giving balance to the production. 
She also portrayed a mammy to 
princess, a little white girl played 
by Stephanie Sonna, who appeared 
as a member of the family 
throughout " Wedding Band," as 
play mates. Princess and Teeta 
were convincing and seemed quite 
at home on stage. They exhibited 
most of the racial harmony in the 
play. Both made their voices 
carry, spoke distinctly and took 
their cues with commendable 

The set by Jody Ann Cattell was 
an impressive display of creativity 
and ingenuity. It was a work of art 
that vividly resembled a small 
South Carolina sea coast town in 
1918. 

Despite the professional quality 
of the acting and technical 
production of "Wedding Band," its 
failure to resolve any of the issues 
it raised, most notably racism. 
black dignity, or a black ideology, 
left its intent unclear. The play 
only dramatized ignorance, 

Continued on Page 8 

precision. Julia (left) is comforted by 
Fanny Johnson completes the Lula Green (Toni D . Butler) . 
, .................................. \ 

~~ "~he Collection" : 
: 5 Dynamite Surf and Skateboard Fi lms : 
: for only $200 : 
! 1. A Winner's Tale Thursday . Feb. 12 Ocean Beach : 
:: 2. The Last Ride Collier JR High 8 PM • 
:: 3 . The Ghetto Pac,l>e Beach .M ~ Saturday, Feb. 14 J, H'gh 8 PM "?' 
,. 4 . November CI.ormonl . 
: 5 . Sea Daze Sunday, Feb. 15 Ma~ , son High 8PM : 
t.*.*.*.**.* •••••••••• *.*.* •••••••• : 
~~"""'i""- ... ", " .':: :.- .-.,. , . .,;-- .. . '" " ,' , 
, . 

r-

Page 5 

THETHR!LL 
./ OF 

IT~L 
,bY STEVE ESMEDINA 

) 

Wasting John Cale 
John Cale doesn't look like your average Legendary Cult Figure. For 

one thing, he's too big. Standing a good six feet , with thick, protruding 
biceps and a hefty pot belly, he looks more like one of the hassling Her-
culoids who protect the helpless rock stars at Sports Arena ex-
travaganzas. For vears I've envisioned Cale to be an austere, retiring 
little man dressed in black, the classical garb for eccentric LCF's of his 
stature. . 

But there he lay, draped over a wooden table in the middle of the Back 
Door's cramped hallway, resplendent in tight, dirty blue t-shirt and 
jeans. And what was he drinking? Moet and Chandon ? Dom Peignon? 
Dubonnet on ice? Lancers? 

Nope, A can of crass Coors. Definitely not chic, and a betrayal of his 
distinguished LCF image. 

Cale was one of a number of s urprises at Patti Smith's Back Door 
engagement last week. Although from a purely technical standpoint, the 
three songs he was allowed to perform before Smith 's regular sets were 
the most interesting moments of the concert musically, Cale apparently 
failed to impress any of the audiences enough to demand anything ap-
proximating an encore. 

Hunched over his piano, Cale wrenched out three tense, shrill 
emotionally purgative versions of " Guts, " " Fear Is A Man 's Best 
Friend" and " I'm Waiting For The Man. " Simple, almost banal chord 
patterns with abrupt time changes, spontaneous moments of off-kilter 
improvisation and gutsy, sustained bellowing marked Cale's fascinating, 
erratic, and all-tao-brief set. 

Backstage, after a peculiarly non-plussed response, Cale popped open 
his beer can and deliberated on the musical lassitude of rock audiences. 

" These kids don't give a shit about surprise. They want to be soothed, 
lullabyed. They want to hear what they can hear anytime on their car 
radio. Rock crowds disappoint and depress me because they have very 
little sense of ambition. 

Give 'em an Elton or a Mick and they' re happy. Maybe throw in a little 
Lou Reed for deviance sake-or a Bowie. It's the obviousness that really 
gets to me. Like, take a Newman or a Ferry, they attain stature because 
of their sense of irony. But how far can that take you? Or take a Jarrett. 
Sure he 's great, but his music's so obvious. I hate readymades." 

Despite his sour-grapes tone of indignation, Cale's dispassion is un-
derstandable. As one of the seminal figures in the development of 
American and British " Art" rock , Cale has carved a niche for himself as 
one of the most diverse and prolific of all rock artists. 

Aside from being one of the founding members of the primal , unearthly 
Velvet Underground, Cale has made a number of stylistically divergent 
records , including a classical piano recital ("Academy In Peril"), 
structural modernism ("Church In Anthrax"), and various strains of pop 
("Vintage Violence," " Paris 1.919," " Fear" and " Slow Dazzle" ). 

He also produced the bizarre, ethereal records of Nico, and has often 
collaborated with ex-Roxy Music keyboardist Brian Eno. Cale's 
production work on Patti Smith's " Horses" undoubtedly prompted the 
sudden interest in his stage performances. A firm 47 on the ~op charts, 
" Horses" is probably the closest Cale has come to a bonafide hit record. 

" I'm happy about the record's success, of course," says Cale, " but it's 
a drag to hear people quipping in the audience. I'm not just the producer 
of Patti's album. I'm a musician, and I've done a lot of things. I've 
worked with Louis, with Eno, with Xenakis. But I've never done anything 
I didn't really want to do. That's something I can't say for Louis. Oh my, 
wasn't "Sally Can't Dance" a bore? Still, the man is a genius, hard to get 
along with, but still great. " Coney Island Baby" is certainly his finest 
hour since The Velvets. . 

" He may put me down, but I know he respects my integrity. But, then, 
integrity does not demand an encore, does it? I don't give a shit. I just 
want another beer and to get out of this nebulous hole." 

Cale will probably never gain the mass cult audience he has deserved 
for so long, but on the most banal-and in his terminology, " obvious"-
levels, even his least ambitious s~ngs like " Mr. Wilson" and " Keep An 

Continued on Page 8 

SP EC IAL GUEST STAR 

ililil riAl 

3 



Pap' 

Rog es, Hoffys Win 
In lose BB Battles 

Ca Thompson 
S~ffWrller 

Two of the top ranked men's 
basketball teams, the Rogues and 
Easy, battied it out Saturday for 
first place in A league. 
. Led by its quick front line, the 
Rogues triumphed 49-40. 

The teams play two entirely 
different styles of basketball. 
Easy, without star Drew Harker, 
featured a large front line of 6'6", 
6'6': 6'6" and 6'4". The Rogues, 
undefeated in league play, promote 
a fast-paced game with a small, 
quick team. 

Easy jumped out to a quick 10 - 4 
lead with inside baskets by Cedrick 
Bryan and Eric Wintemute. The 
Rogues, however, hung tough and 
forced the slower Easy team into a 
fast breaking game. Repeated fast 
bre8k layups by John Trittica and 
the deft passing of Moe Alcocer led 
the Rogues to a 23 - 18 halftime 
lead. 

In the second half Easy was 
taken apart by the Rogues quick 
style of play. Down 38 - 25, Easy 

went to a zone in a n attempt to stop 
the- Rogues penetration. It was 
partially successful as Easy cut 
the deficit to ton excellent play by 
Jon Reese and Greg Brown. The 
Rogue big men, Den Brum and 
Doug Jones, crushed the Easy 
rally with some inspired 
rebounding and the game ended 
with the Rougues on top by 9. 

Easy's Don Reese led all scorers 
with 15. The Rogues, now 4 -0, were 
provided with balanced scoring by 
Brum, Mike De'jidio and Doug 
Jones who hit 14, 10 and 13 
respectively. 

In Coed basketball the ' Hoffys 
pulled , out a 39 - 33 victory over 
Sixteen Easy Pieces. 

' Lynn Chevalier and Betsy 
Wilcox hit some early buekets and 
the Moffy s opened up 15 - 10 first 
quarter lead. A big factor in the 
first quarter was Robin Benson's 
tenacious defense. She held Six-
teen's leading scorer to one basket 
before she twisted an ankle in the 
second period. 

• rI_._I_lft'S Wedaelday, Febl'Ullry 11, 1971 
Wong Whips Wu in Marathon 

Shown here in their marathon early-round match. K. Y. Wong. right. outlasted Wilson 
Wu 18-21. 21 - 11 , 17-21, 21 -17, 26-24. Four seeded players. Ross B,ott (third), Steve 
Nesenblatt (fifth), Neil Nesenblatt (seventh), and Steve Caras (eight) have been 
eliminated in the double-elimination UCSD Table Tennis Championships. Remaining are 
Richard Alden (top seed), Wu (fourth), and Dale Fenderson (sixth) all with one loss, 
along with the unbeaten, second ranked Wong . Semi-final play is today in the rec gym. 
(TT Photo : Joan Finkle) 

TRiTON TiMES CLAssifiEd Ads 
Rules and Rates 

Classlfieds should either be pronted or typed on a 3" x 5" card (available 
In Trllon Times office) . They may be submitted anytime between 9 and 
noon and I and 4 p,m. 

The following rBtes afe tor 100 spaces -- If you use more spaces , the rate 
willdoubie , (100 spaces .. 25 cents, 101 to 200 .. 50 cents) . 

Personal s .. $1 
LOSI and Found .. free 
Other ads: students -- 25 cenlS 
nonstudents ·- S1 

Deadlines : 4 pm Friday for Monday; 4 pm Monday fOf Wednesoay; 4 pm 
Wednesday fOl Friday. 

Announcements· free. All announcements will run in the Monday 
calendar . DeadlIne for calendar: 4 pm Friday. 

(All addItIons or cOfrections to listIngs In the Schedule of Classes for 
regUlar UniverSIty courses will be charged $1) . 

ItOtJSiNG 
For rent. Own room in peaceful Ocean Beach 
house . Clean , Ilghl . yard·ldeal. All ul lil lies 
Included SIOO. Sleven 222·7195. 27().1059. 
12(13) 

F roommate needed now. Own room fur-
nIshed S85 . Del Mar. 481 ·9834 (2/13) 

Male roommate own room 2BDA VieW nice 
Hillcrest Siale 51, I ",ork noghls $105 call 
Dave 295·3672 (2/33) 

Young Scripps couple + chtld need 2·3 BR 
UNF house for 1 July 76 call M Calaland 459-
2390 X558 ,498 (2/ 1.8) 

Rm male wanled 01 Mar 343 91h SI own rm . 
ya rd , washer , furn . $110 mo 755-6395' Blk 
from coast cruiser (2 111 

Wan ted one male roommate for apt In PB 
85 .50 /m. Call 488-671 0 MIke (21 13) 

Own room In 2BR apt In Clairmont qUiet 
nonsmoker MIF uti mcl Call Jo hn 560-5627 
afler 4 $1(512 14) 

Ammte wanted-own room Genesse hlghldns 
S77 .50 / mo + ulol non-smoker , no pels 452· 
8662 alter6p m (211 I I 

Female roommate wanted . small house in La 
Jolla S80amonlh Call 454·1618afler6p m. 
(2113) . 

• SERVICES 
Mark Werllcl Mime arllst available for 
p;t rtl S Superb entertainment and 
'"dsonable r"I,. Call 2:'4·601 I ( 4 / 9) 

TUlorong. any and all levels of French , S51 hr . 
or S3 tor one half hour 452.1 588. (3/1 2) 

Womancare Pregnancy testing. birth 
control . abortions. pre-natal care and 
women's health inlormatlon . 1050 Garnet , 
Pacl"c Beach, 488·7591 , (21 27) 

IBM typmg- fast. accurate, and reasonable . 
560-5565 or 279-6947 eves. (2127) 

6 mo lonq haired white Ternor female. Free 
o good home Bea X3300 (2/13) 

TYPING Manlyn would lIke to Iype your 
paper , thesis book She IS experienced , fast. 
reasonable and has a correcting IBM Please 
call heral 565·7000 (2 /11) 

PhVSICS tutor nee-ded for special prolect . Fee. 
488-8439 (2/231 

Watch,.. Jewelry repalf nngs sized lie, jewler 
fast service quar work s tudent prices 453-
1207 [2/291 

Will do typlncHheSIS, papers. e tc. 
Experienced 299· 1951 ask for Carol (2118) 

Indulge your romantICism take a sailing cla ss 
9 lessons $10 00 class slarls 2·21 call eves . 
27 4·2564 (2/ 11 ) 

The Black Hole WIll meel Thursday and 
Fnday 2 /12 & 2" 3 al noon In Ihe recllal hall . 
Mandevil le Clr (2/111 

TYPing - reports . paper s. thesis . resumes . 
etc. ProfeSSional lob at reasonable cost. 
Kathy. 436· 1599 (2/ 11) 

TRAVEl 
EUROPE . ISRAEL , Orie nt. N.Y TGC Low 
ro.1 fllghls 1436 5 La Cienega BI L ,A . 
00035 17141735· 18 or t?13)652·2727 
13 12) 

EUROPE & TAHITI CHART ER FLIGHTS. 
BOOK ON CAMPUS. BOOK EARLY CIEE· 
STUDENT TRAVEL SERVICES , UCSD IN· 
TERNATIONAL CENTER OPEN WEEKDAYS 
12·4pm , 452·0030 . 13112) 

SKI HEAVENLY VALLEY durong quarter 
hl",k , March 21·26. 5 All Day Lilt T,ckel s, 5 

NII(1 ~ Lodging . Casino Bulfet Dinner [I. 
P(il tl es Galore all for only $79.90 Tickets on 
sale al Siudent Cenler . 9-11 . I?· I Man 10 
Fro 

1""lar)! tAlephone conflfmaltons on all 
lound trlp charl ers and tours 10 Europe 
($33Q), HawaI i (SI69). New York 1$169). 
Oro"nl 1$437) MeXICO (5 199) and Ihe Middle 
Eact! Oneways availab le. Plus new . In -
tll 'llf'ndmt ('xperimental to ws . For 24 hour 
Inl furnatiun I reservatlon s call collect WeSI-
I t'\il<:;1 studen t Ir3'11el counSAI AVeO center 
"" I,. 790 1 08.~0 Wllshorp Blvd LA 90024. 

'?i 3147~·6ffi5 Book no laler Ihan 65 days 
''''fmf'' rk'p:urwp lJI1?) 

51<1 Wl lP'" flIP snow IS. al Cres lc Butte. COlO . 
Wl lh Ihe UC; SD Sk, Club OVPf Srronq Bmak 

Tld~(I'c; StlMl f'lll1 C(I>nter 

W,III!(\fl rrdoJf'1 huddy to Sou th Ame rI ca . 
( dlllll,o.:11 111 RIO Pf'rU Ou~os Alms Leave 
M"I ·h·1o 1·3 1110 . CALL SOON " 582·8423 

I~ 11 ) 

rUROPf ISRAEL . Sluuenl IIlghls yeno 
Hlltrlrl ISeA 11 687 San Vtecote Blvd . U 
I A CA 'lO049 1 213ta:'6~5669 or 826-0955 
11 In 

WANTed 
Need exira cash? BUYIng old U,S, coons Also 
buying U.S Sil ver coms minted before 1965 
Ken , 453·7924, (3/12) 

PERSONAls 
Men· Women l Jobs on shipS! American . 
lorelgn . No experience requited . Excellent 
pay Workwlde travel, Summer job or career. 
Senl 53 lor Inlo. SEAFAX Dept. B-6. Box 
2049 Pori Angeles Washlnglon 96362 . 
(2 113) 

Ski Sale 
Year End Clearance Sale 

i equipment 
.........••••........•...•.••. ~ 

SU.R~BOARDS ~~ ~ 
Imtas 

*llK d~ ..... J400 
fIIW_fA_ .. _II 

I , ~ ., t • 
'. • • I 

Cowboy with a heart of gold . lSI wipe wlthis 
novel, For free 1 sl chapter, sent stamped 
envelope to Charles Heimler. 743 Crest Road , 
Del Mar 92014. 13/12) 

Wealthy family deSIres to adopt eauc. infant. 
For info call 459-0873 (2/ 27) 

Coach Oiana 0 and EmIly L' A very happy 
IlIrlhday (Iomorrow)! · from Ihe soggy gang In 
Ihe pool (2/ 11 ) 

Mac. Ric . Banana , Bethany. Chen, Ihe Lion, 
AI. Mona Lynn , LInda S., Grace. The Bobsey 
Trio. and a fnend . Thanks muchly . You made 
II a truly Cloud Blue day . Love. Rac. (2/11) 

69 Valianl 6 cyl. A/C Power br & sl S1100 
days . 453-2820. X345 . Eves • 46~. 
[2/ 11 ) 

IWATERBED' OUEEN SIZE Waterbed 
completed with heater, liner, frame and 
sheel s $140. 481 ·0843 . Mark . (2/ 1 I) 

Garrard Zero l00C w l wood base. Shure M91 
EO $125 l irm. Call afternoon and wkends. 
Gary 277 .7728 . (2 / 13) 

Ml/lltanl 10·spced 24 " chromed-bu1ted 
frame. sew-ups , Sunlour equipped . 
D'acompe bra~es . bSI , ofr . 453-9646 (2/13) 

WOuld I, ke 10 Irade a 10 speed SchWInn 
bicycle for a Goose down s leeping bag 45-4· 
4064 Glenn 12/ 11 ) 

Lygle 10 speed racer. 23" , mostly campy. 
sew up I lres.excellent S1600r bes l oller 453· 
7360 [2/ (1 ) 

10 speod· B ianchl ·al. Rims . sew .ups . 
Campagnollo de·railer . Mafaketr pull brakes, 
loot s traps· lme condi t ion·S120 call Rick 
X3020 (2/ 13) 

Absolule lasl day 10 buy l ickels 10 EAB's 
Valenllne fantasy dinnerfdance. th is Sat. 
noghl AI bo, olf [2111) 

For Sale· mens 3 speed bike 535 ca ll 453. 
1985 and ask fOf C,ndy (2/13) 

LUDWING Double Bass Drum set. Complele 
In good shape . w l O cymbal. S700/offer 276· 
1547 [21 11) 

2 BOWIe Ilckel s Fnday nlghl Feb 13al Sporls 
Arona call 453-1369 ask for SIeve [2 /11) 

For Sale David BOWIe Iockels good seals 
Sheila alt ... 8. 2223016 (2/11) 

LOST & fOUNd 
Losl Brown 'Roffee ' Parka aboul 1120. 755-
0597 . [2/ 11) 

Found surfboard near Muir Apls . Call 453-
9663 ,[2 / 11 ) 

Lost· 4 weeks ago · 3 flngs in girls gym. I 
gold and 2 si lver . sentimental value Reward l 
453·91 16. (2113) 

LOST Black nolebook somewhere between 
Cen tral and Muir Please return all notes 
Larry 755-5020 (2 /11) 

Losl wallel Sat. n,le on Ihe gym call Claud,Q 
Ponle 452·8694 (2" 1) 

LOST one bOx 01 clot hes at beginning of qlr 
be lween Mesa Apl s and Third College Call 
453·0900 12/ 11 ) 

FOUNO Black cal 41h SI. Del Mar female 
wit h while plasllc collar 755-5473. (2/11) 

NANCY STEINFELD' Your wallet is In lhe 
Tnl9n Times office (2111) 

FOUND·TwO piece ba lh lng sUII women 's 
gym Fro . Feb , 6 wrile me Kinney Gen Del 
EnClni las CA 92024 (211 1) 

LOST' Unicorn 202SR ca lculalor by Rockwell 
In vicinity of APKM reward 0 1 SIO call Dana al 
453·0467 . 

TltiRd CoLLEGE 
BowLiNG NiGhT 

3 Games only a $1 

Free Transportation 
Only 80 spaces available 
(open only to Third College students) 
Pacific Beach Bowl on Gamet 
Sign up NOW at Third College Dean's office, MC 412 
Trophies are on display at the office. 

WeduelClay. Febl'll8ry 11, 1976 • rl •• "I.IIJl(~ 

No Divers Hurts SlViDlDlers 
by Evelyn Barata 

Staff Writer 
The men's swim team dropped 

its meet with the class one Pep-
perdine team from Malibu 70-41 in 
Saturday's competition. 

The swimming was closer than 
the score suggests 8S 16 of the 29 
point difference can be attributed 
to diving events for which the 
Tritons had no entry. 

Despite the loss, the Tritons had 
several very strong individual 
performances. 

UCSD swimmers John Bogart, 
Randy Fujioka, Chuck Cuson and 
Paul Harvey got the team off to a 
good start as they came from 
behind to take the first event, the 
400 medley relay, in 3:59.3. 

In later competition Fuj ioka 
swam to a victory in the 200 inter-
medley event 5 seconds ahead of 
second place swimmer Cuson. 
Fujioka, already qualified for 
national breast stroke competition, 
took a first in the 200 breast event 
as well. 

Fujioka commented afterwards, 
Hr was pleased with the first event. 
The 200 breast wasn't as strong as 
it could have been, partly because I 
was ti red. " 

The Tritons were able to sweep 
the 50 free event with Paul Harvey, 
Art Cohen and Dwaine Eacret 
placing 1st, 2nd, and 3rd respec-
tively. 

Harvey also took first in the 100 
free style. He said after the meet, 
" I was pleased with the way r 
swam. It was my best meet yet. As 

Continued on Page 8 

Chuck Cuson, his head out of the w ater for a breath, 
svvimming the third leg of the 400 medley relay, vvhich UCSD 
vvon in 3 :59.3 over Pepperdine . (TT Photo: Sharon Roberts) 

Men's Ruggers Tied By Occidental 
Despite the best efforts of the 

weather and the loss of a few key 
players, the UC San Diego men 's 
rugby team averted its first league 
loss by tying Occidental College, 
13-13, Saturday afternoon. 

Much to the dismay of the 
capacity crowd at Occidental, the 
game was plagued by poor ball 
handling, and even lesser swim-
ming capabilities by the two 
squads on the wet field. Bursts of 
brilliance sporadically brought the 
fans roaring to their feet. 

Dave Clark opened the scoring 
for the Tritons with a pair of 
penalty kicks for a 6-0 lead. 
Occidental scored next, and 
converted to tie the game. Minutes 

later, Occidental scored again, 
going through UCSD's inex-
perienced back line for four points. 

Headed by the efforts of John 
Jorgenson, the Tritons proceeded 
to drive the length of the field, 
allowing Clark to grab the loose 
ball and dive in for the score. Clark 
missed the conversion, and the half 
ended at 111-10. 

Agressive play by UCSD's Al 
Hunter and Kevin George 
highlighted the beginning of the 
second half, as both teams were 
playing cautiously. Imperfect ball· 
handling by the Tritons soon lead 
to an Occidental penalty kick, 
which they converted. 

Scrwn-half Jeff SIe,ff's ball 

control helped UCSD to then 
finesse their way down the field , 
and Clark's final penalty kick tied 
the game. Inspired, the Tritons 
began running around frantically, 
but to no avail as the game ended 
at 13-13. 

The Rugby II game was 
dominated by a more experienced 
Occidental team, which won by 
three scores. Dan Dworsky con-
tinued to dive fearlessly into bodies 
and puddles, highlighting the 
UCSD effort. 

The men's rugby team will be at 
home Saturday afternoon in a 1 pm 
match, while the women will travel 
to Huntington Beach for the All-Cal 
Tourney. 

Blondie Johnson 

Casablanca' 
w/Bogart & Bergm 

To Have and Have Not 

Friday February 

Page 7 

Sports Notebook 
by Dave Eisen 
Sports edit~r 

Skidmore's Reunion 
It was a reunion for Doug 

Skidmore Saturday night when the 
Triton basketball team met USIU. 

Skidmore, at 6'5", 100 pounds, is 
UCSD's equivalent of what John 
Havlicek was to Boston a half a 
decade ago: Mr. Hustle. This 
description, however, would not 
have fit Skidmore when he played 
junior varsity basketball two years 
ago. 
.As a USIU JV I Skidmore " played 

only offense. I knew how to play 
defense, I just didn't do it very 
often. " 

When Skidmore entered the 
game Saturday, as the first sub-
stitute used by coach Barry 
Cunningham, his ex-teammates 
probably didn't recognize him. 

Skidmore doesn't just hustle, he 
sprints down the court. " Well, 
when I come in off the bench, I 
have to get into the flow of the 
game right away. If I run hard, I 
get warmed up a lot faster." 

Spectators will not only notice 
Skidmore Spl inting, but also see 
him play some strange defense. He 
seems to attack his opponent, 
doing everything possible to 
prevent giving up a basket. --Doug Skidmore 

--
-

" The coach really likes to see us play defense , andhustlearound," said 
the junior. 

Apparently it is this defense that prompted Cunningham to promote 
Skidmore from a little-used sub to a sixth man. 

With his long brown hair and flowing mustache, Skidmore looks as 
though he was just plucked off the beach. 

In reality, Skidmore is not the most talented player on the team. As a 
USIU JV, he played behind the guy who now reigns as the conference 's 
best offensive player, Chet Hancock. Behind Hancock, Skidmore didn't 
get in a lot of playing time. 

Now on UCSD's varsity, he is seventh in scoring and rebounds, but third 
among regulars in field goal percentage. 

Not only is he often first off the bench, but Skidmore is usually around 
at the finish . He was on the floor with Bart Bradley. Lyle Smith, Ken 
Melvin and Mark Dobransky when the Tritons pulled out the last second 
victory over the Westerners. 

"It was sort of like a reunion," Skidmore said." " I knew all of their 
players, so I was a little extra glad to beat them." ... 

UCSD moved up a bit in an effort to put the school on someone's sports 
map. 

Barbara Fuller was chosen Sports Information Director, a position 
UCSD has gone without for a number of years. She was given the job, 
officially, Feb. 1. 

That new position opened up a couple of others, in the publicity field, to 
help out the new SID. 

An artist is needed, as is a person who can cover some intercollegiate 
sports events. and write them UP in releases. which are sent to major 
newspapers around the city. 

"We would prefer some work-study students, since that is what we're 
budgeted for," said Fuller. 

Fuller is in her eighth year at UCSD, where she has been in charge of 
publicity for intramural and recreation, as well as scheduling for UCSD's 
fields and gyms ... 

~':·-Pre-Dents---' 
Even the tooth fairy 

needs help! 

THE O.A.T. Rev iew Semln.r offers a comprehenSIVe 4 1/2 day course on consecutive 
weekends , designed 10 raIse your OAT, score The semInars ulillze lectures, lake home 
materials and pracllce OAT, exams, A ourse to prepare for Ihe UCSF PerlOfmance Tesl 
is also available. For information ond enrol lment materials ""II : [2131886-4468, or w rite: 
O,A .1. R •• low Seminer. 9801 Balbo.!!I.". Northridge Collf, 91324 , 

An Evening of Black Art 
The Poetry oj 
FRANK JENKINS 
jeatU"'¥! 
LYNN HAMILTON 

"'ebruary 11, Bpm 
Mande"ih 

followed by the Ruby Milliiap 
f) n .." "r 

jro'luillg solois, 
from Inner i, Dtu'N' 

Repertory' Co. 
' Iudent 2 

General Admi ion 3 
orn~e 452-4090 



"Psyqhology of Future"Symposium Slated 
by .\laD RUlleU 

" ffWrlter 

Quick. Wha comes to mind when 
the word "shrink" is mentioned? If 
you haven't answered, "Fourth 
College's I~test symposium e~ 
titled, Psychology: The 70s And 
Beyond'," then you are obviously a 
psychological mess and should 
definitely plan to attend many of 
the sessions. 

Opening the symposium Monday 
at 7:30 and 8:30 pm in the Fourth 
cafeteria will be the film "Future 
Shock." Based on the book by Alvin 
Toffler, the movie deals with issues 
and problems that may confront us 
in the future. 

On Tuesday, at 5:30, inroomCR-
107 at Third College there will be a 
third showing of "Future Shock." 
From 7:30 to 9:30 in the Fourth 
College Cafeteria, there will be a 
panel discussion on " Issues For 
Psychology In The Seventies And 
Beyond. II Three different schools 
of psycJ.rology, which are ex-
perimental, organiza-
tionaVsocietal, and clinical, will be 
represented and discussed by Dr. 
Donald Nonnan, chainnan of the 
UC _ San Diego Psychology 
Department, Dr. La wrence 
Soloman, professor at National 
University and the California 
School of Professional Psychology, 
and Dr. Morton H. Shaevitz, 
director of the Coonseling and 
Psychological Services at UCSD. 

Wednesday's activities start at 
3 pm in the International Center 
with a program entitled, 
" Movement and Relaxation." Led 
by Emmy Garnica, a 
psychological intern, the session is 
designed to let individuals explore 
their feelings through movement 
and stillness. 

Also at 3:00, in the Fourth 

College Recreation Center Lounge, 
Dr. Robert Kavanaugh, a member 
of the UCSD COWlseling and 
Psychological Services, will lead a 
discussion on " The Process Of 
Dying: A Challenge For the 
Helping Professions." The 
program will focus on how dif-
ferent professions can ease the 
difficulties and problems that 
surround death and dying. 

In the Fourth College Cafeteria, 
Wednesday at 7:30 p.m., there will 
be a discussion and demonstration 
led by Noel Phelan of the San Diego 
Institute for Transactional 
Analysis. He will deal with the 
topic "I'm OK - You're OK: An 
Introduction To Transactional 
Analysis." The program will in-
clude analysis of the child-adult-
parent stages of development. 

Also at 7:30 pm Wednesday, 
there will be a talk on "Graduate 
Training In Professional 
Psychology." Different graduate 
training programs will be 
discussed by doctoral students 
from the California School of 
Professional Psychology. 

Thursday, from 3 to 4:30 pm, 
in room F-l25 at Third College, Dr. 

orbert L. Kerr, assistant 
professor of Psychology at UCSD, 
will speak on "The Psychology Of 
The Courtroom." The talk will be 
based on the role of psychological 
processes in the criminal trial 
setting. If one wishes to forego the 
courtroom drama, they might 
instead want to hear about 
" Dreams And Creativity: A 
l'ranspersonal Perspective," 
which will .be held in the North 
Conference Room of the Student 
Center at the same time. The 
discussion will be led by Dr. Ron 
r .ane of the UCSD Coounseling and 
Psychological Service. It will deal 
with the transpersonal, a new 

Matti (Debbie Houston) holds a letter from her husband 
October, who is away at war (TT photo : Conley Major). 

Wedding Band ... 
racism, stereotypes, tragedy and 
the most negative aspects of the 
black experience. Thus, it was 
counter-revolutionary. 

The play provided numerous 
examples with which to judge its 
value. Perhaps the best illustration 
is exemplified by the emasculation 
of the only black man in the play, 
Nelson. ~'he process was initiated 
by hi~ rr{)tber, but by the end, a 
consplral:y had emerged to make it 
a unaninous undertaking by the 
entire reighborhood, and it is 
reinforcl d by the entire city. This 
is all done the actors convey, so 
that tht elson struggling to 
emerge as a "fighter" will be 

suppre~ed . The fact is that the will 
to resist. which cultivates freedom 
and se lf letermination, was denied 
Nelson )y the very community 
which st.><>d to benefit the most. If 
it is not (.Dough that we must share 
in the torment endured by Nelson 
a Lula tells him to "go on back to 
the war" p fore he gets killed, let's 
look at the conclusion of " Wedding 
Band." 

Sitting in the audience " un-
comfortably saddened" and 
watching a black woman holding 
her dying white lover in her arms, 

one has to ask who is going to pay 
for her self undulgence. She has 
dis rupted and endangered the lives 
and property of her neighbors. Her 
own life and liberty are threatened 
by disease and the approaching 
police. Why? I resent the fact that 
my sympathies were even aroused 
by this character. 

Alice Childress and Floyd 
Gaffney should utilize their talents 
to write and direct plays which 
make more explicit statements 
about the black experience. The 
whole world can attest to the 
vulnerability of black folks to love 
and survive. In itself, it is 
testImollY and " hwnan pain, 
frustration and humiliation." 
Black playwrites and directors 
must depict drama that ac-
centuates the positive and provides 
direction to the masses. They must 
place sympathies where they 
belong - with the people - and not 
confuse the issue . They must in-
spire a correct historical analysis 
which emphasizes the dignity of 
freedom and self determination 
and remember those who choose to 
die as men rather than to live as 
slaves. This does not preclude art 
from being a social and moral 
force. Indeed, it inspires it to be so. 

theoretical perspective in 
psychology. 

San Diego State Professors 
Barbara Benerock and Leon 
Nower will explore the topic of 
" The Psychology Of Liberation" in 
the Fourth College Cafeteria 
Thursday night at 7:30 pm. The 
fonnat will cenler around the role 
of psychoJogy in different 
liberation struggles. At the same 
time, Dr. David Jacobs of the San 
Diego Biofeedback Institute, will 
give a demonstration and 
discussion on the subject, 
" Biofeedback: Its Potential And 
Limitations." The discussion will be 
held in the Fourth College 
Cafeteria. 

From 10 to 12 on Saturday 
morning, three different programs 
will be offered. In the Fourth 
College Recreation Center Lounge, 
Cathy Conheim, a La Jolla Gestalt 
therapist, will present a film and 
talk on the principles and 
techniques of Gestalt therapy. At 
Third College, in room F-I25, Dr. 
Diana Deutsch, an assistant 
research psychologist at UCSD, 
will give a discussion and 
demonstration on .. Musical 
Illusions," dealing with the strange 
sounds heard when two musical 
sequences are played at the same 
time in different ears: If laughter is 
what you are looking for, perhaps 
psychological intern Sam 
Menahem's program on " The 
Psychology Of Humor," is for you. 
Then again, perhaps it is not. In 
room CR-I09 at Third College, 
there will be three short funny (?) 
films, and a discussion on what 
makes people laugh. 

For a listing of times and 
locations for all of the programs, 
check next Monday's Triton Times 
" What's On" calender. 

Fern Coalition ... 
In preparation for the rally and 

debate, seyen women from the 
Feminist Coalition attended a 
California / Arizona regional 
conference at Los. Angeles City 
College, Feb. 7, which includes 
workshops on national actions for 
the ERA, equal rights on the job' 
and in the unions, and minority 
women and equal rights. 

The Feminist Coalition is located 
at the Women's Center and has 
meetings scheduled Wednesdays 
at4pm. 

Swimming ... 
a whole our team had some pretty 
hot times. Considering we're a 
third division team and they're a 
first, we did alright. " 

In the 200 free competition Craig 
Rose, swimming to second place, 
behind Pepperdine swimmer 
Blankenship, was able to drop his 
time below the two minute mark 
with a 1 :59.6. 

UCSD coach Gary Becker 
commented after the meet, "We 
expected Pepperdine to swim like 
.they did. It's hard for a team like 
ours, which does not give out 
scholarships, to compete with a 
team like Pepperdine's which is 
built from scholarship swim-
mers." Becker added, "A lot of our 
guys were swimming tired; we've 
been swimming pretty hard lately. 
But I was surprised and pleased 
with some of our times. II 

Free! 
Free Valentine's Oay per-

sonals! 
Big deal . WeU, it's all we can 

offer. 
If you've got a hWldred or so 

words of love and affection (other 
emotions are welcome, ~ course, 
but not preferred), get them to 
the office by 4 pm Wednesday, 
Feb. II. 

They'll appear, for aU to see, 
Feb. 13. 

S81_ 
overhaul the cede. TIae body wu 
beaded by former c .... oraJa Gov. 
EdmUDd G. 8re .. Sr., .ad was 
compeeed oil! IDdlvldaals: three 
appolated by JoblllOll .... three 
by thea CIaIef Judee Earl 
W.rren ..... ax otben from the 
CODIraB. TIae comm k.IoD was 
ldeolocleaUy Uberal, with the 
~ree couerv.tlwt-Se.... John 
McCleDaa of A ........ , Sam 
Ervin of North C8roUaa aDd 
Romaa Hrulke of Nebraska -
apparently aHeDdIJll few of the 
bearlDgs. A proposal was 
preaeated by the commlaslOD 
staff wblcb coatalaed baslcaUy 
liberal provlslODl for tbe death 
peDalty, gUDS, marijuaDB, o~ 
scenlty and seDteDcing 
procedures tbat are no longer 
contained In SB 1. Althougb tbe 
only active conservative voice on 
the commission was that of Rep. 
Richard Poff of Virginia, wbose 
assistant was Jobn Dean, tbe 
commission itseU took con-
servative objections lato account. 
The flaal report was issued Ia 
1971 with major concessions to 
tbe conservatives included on key 
measures, along witb an ad-
mission by the panel that no 
consensus bas been reached on 
other controversial sections. 

Since the House judiciary 
committee was overloaded witb 
work, the commission report 
went to the Senate subcommittee 
on criminal laws and procedures, 
chaired by McClellan. [Hruska 
was the ranking Republican.] 
The subcommittee heard 
testimollY from divers 
organizations and individuals 
who were tbought to represent a 
broad ideological spectrum. But 
the bill-now designated SBI-was 
presented to the Senate in 
January of 1973, with what many 
saw as conservative elements in 
place of liberal ones. 

In Marcb, then President 
Ricbard Nixon announced that he 
was propos log a revision of the 
entire criminal code that woulrl 
give prosecutors " tougher 
penalties and stronger weapons" 
against crime. SBI was to be the 
working document. 

Jobn Dean, now Nixon's White 
House counsel, was liason with 
the Department of Justice durlag 
the formulation of the Nixon 

WedDelday, February 11, 

code, which "u tbeD preseDled 
by McClellan and Hnasb to tbelr 
subcommittee. Tbe final venlon-
-whicb was given the title S81-ls 
said by author MUton Viont to 
incorporate "the m08t reprellive 
features of all the previous 
venlou." 

Tbe most coutroverslal 
provisloDS of tbe bill laclucle a 
section that allows a defease if 
the charged ladlvld .. l thougbl 
his conduct was "required or 
authorized. .. e~D though be waa 
mlstakeD Iu bls beUef, unieas Ida 
belief waa tbe result of 
wrecklessnesa or negligence." 
The Dew code would so 
thoroughly protect Information 
deemed classified or "aatloual 
defense Informatiou" that the 
Reporters' Committee for 
Freedom of the Press- headed by 
Los Angeles Times Washington 
Bureau chief Jack Nelson - says, 
"The only time a reporter would 
be legally free from the threat of 
a federal prosecution as the 
result of publishing govern-
mental information is if the In-
formation came . to him from a 
government handout." 

Additionally, the code would 
make an ludivtdual "guUty of an 
offense if be intentionally ob-

structs or impairs a government 
function by meaDS of physical 
interference or obstacle." The 
ACLU says this provision could be 
used to make the act of peaceful 
political demonstration a crime. 

Critics say the bill also 
weakens tbe rights of the 
arrested - established by the 
landmark Miranda vs. Arizona 
decision of the Supr~me Court -
and increases fines ten times for 
marijuana and pornography 
offenses. Advocation of the 
overthrow of tbe government 
would become a cnmtnal act, and 
the government's power to install 
wiretaps would be widened. 

A prlaciple criticism of tbe bill 
is that it is so vague in places that 
some of its provisions could be 
used to mean nearly anything. 

SBI is opposed by a number of 
groups and publications, Iu-
cluding the Times, the Wan 
Street Journal, the Society of 
American Law Teachers, the 
ACLU, the National Lawyer's 
Guild and several labor groups. 

-JOHN H. TAYLOR 

Student Governance ... 
satisfaction with the meeting. He felt that the small group allowed for 
good discussion and that all participants interacted well with each other. 

Hopefully the conference was just the first of many such gatherings. It 
filled a need, and hopefully provided a nucleus for change on campus. 
since many different student factions attended, from the Black Student 
Union to several of the college councils. 

No, it wasn't an earthshaking event. But 20 people showed up in the rain 
to talk about bringing uam students together. 

Another conference is scheduled for Feb. 29. Green hopes it won't rain. 

Thrill ... 
Eye On This Heart Of Mine" are stylistically inventive and stand as 
object lessons in how to fuse ava'1t-garde obliqueness with a staid, pop-
rock song structure. And they provide instructive medication for those 
bedded down with a terminal affection for the Elton Springsteens that 
glut our SOrry market. 

jew!! Who Are You?--'" 
Want to find out and enjoy at the 
ame time. CHABAD ;. proud to announce 

weekly clane. at UCSD 
For more info. call 286-4747 

lee your CHABAD Rabbi 
JJ' edne.day. at Revelle Pla.a. 

6115 Montezuma Rd. S. D. 


