
Coop R eq u ests Co m pre h ensive 
. . . 

Referendum on the Issues 
byAlaDR ... eU 

NewaEdltor 
Vic Bloomberg, Student 

Cooperative Union member and 
Special Sessions coordinator, 
revealed Jt a preu conference 
Wednesday that the Coop "su~ 

Vic Bloomberg 

ports a referendum if it's com-
prehensive on the issu~s it will 
address." . 

Bloomberg said that establishing 
a " legitimate" referendum means 
a " lengthy information gathering 
session" that will entail "going to 
the students and fiilding the real 
priorities. " 

"The intent of the student 
Cooperative Union will be to 
canvass the students and 
cooperate with the duly elected 
college councils," said Bloomberg. 
"Any questiOn can be put on the 
referendum if it !\as 250 signatures. 
By going to the students we will 
have a better opportunity to un-
derstand their political, social, and 
academic priorities. The Coop 
indeed supports this kind of 
comprebensive referendum." 

To promote a , better un-
derstanding between the Coop and 
student organizations, and also to 
address scme of the issues now 
facing students, the Coop held its 

first "special session" meeting lut 
Tuesday evening. Nine student 
organizations participated, with 
the end result of calling another 
meeting for the same groups on 
Nov. 13. 

Bloomberg encouraged everyone 
to come this Saturday between 
12:30 and 5:30 pm to an open 
special session meeting in the 
north conference room. "Basically 
we want to discuss the resources 
and limitations of the Coop as the 
political representatives of the 
undergraduates and their 
organizations on this campus," he 
said. , 

In reference to the Coop's can-
vassing students for concelllS that 
might be addressed on the 
referendum question, Monty Reed, 
a member of the referendlDD 
committee, said that, "We're not 
raising issues for the sake of 
raising issues. We wish to discern 
the important prioritie~ of the 

-student body, and act on those 
priorities. This could result in a 
mandate for action. " 

Reed noted that the ad-
ministration " could ignore a 
referendum," but also said that the 
process is a " necessary step in 
what students have to do for 
themselves. " 

"The Coop is not immune to 
reexamination," said Reed, "but 
to say we are not a legitimate 
student government is a lie and an 
insult. If McElroy is going to fuck 
with us, we're going to fuck with 
bim." 

Bloomberg wished to emphasize 
that the referendum was an "of-
fensive" as opposed to "defensive" 
measure. He said that even if the 
Coop was voted out as the formal 
student representative govern-
ment, "we would still be here 
fighting for those student man-
dates expressed on the referen-
dum." 

"We are not in contention with 
other students," he said, "but 
rather with the Chancellor's office 
and its single-minded attitude of 
what is appropriate. " 

EI Cortez Election Central 
A Coctail Party and ~ W~r 

by Sara J. Lowen 

Election Central at the El Cortez Tuesday night was like a cocktail 
party where people waited to see whether they should be celebrating. 
Most people wound up celebrating, though, because even if they didn't 
win, at 'least the campaign was over. There were strong political 
tensions evident, as might be expected when the ardent supporters of 
opposing candidates are brought together. -

A group of Republicans (whom might be expected to be reserved 
and circumspect) surged wildly through the EI Cortez shouting "We 
want Ford," in a tone that bordered on maniacal. 

PoUUealWan 
Pat Kelly, loser in the race for Clair Burgener's Congressional seat 

forcibly removed two people from his party, because he suspected 
they weren't really supporters. 

A King Golden supporter and a Bob Wilson supporter looked ready 
to tear each other apart after exchanging words about which can-
didate was really the better man. 

But since it was a party of sorts, everyone managed to get along. A 
couple for Jlm ElliB argued with a woman who supported Ellis' o~ 
ponent, while they waited for the elevator. But when the woman found 
out tbIt tbey .. d aU voted for Carter, abe said Ibe flpred they could 
all ride down In tbe elevator toeetber. 

The poUtldanl tbemlelvel were gracious about winDing, which is 
easy, and losing, wbleb must be painful. Bob Wilson looked smug and 
powerful, as you would apect someone to look who has just won re-
election. His opponent,. King Golden, didn't look like ~ loser at all -
cheerfully granting interviews, and gamely posing for pictures with a 
crowd of female admiren. 

Besides the intent election-return watchers, a number of the people 
were there j \1st to get clOH. to politicianS. They strained over the roped 
off area where Harold Keen was interviewing Bob Wilson, trying to 
shake Wilson's hand or touch him. A security guard nervously forced 
them back. 

One middle-qed woman in black chiffon motioned the congressman 
over tQ where she was standing. Wilson came ater to chat with bel' and 
obligingly leaned over the rope so she could kill him on the cheek. 
Then she called Wilson's campaign manager over and Id.ssed him too. 
The woman in chiffon was all over election central that DigIt, offerinl 
her congratulations or condolences to politidanl, regardless of which 
party they belonged to. 

••••• 

National politica got the moat a&tesion, though. Watching national 
CaetiDaed _ Pale I 

...................... 

Activity Fund U.se Guidelines 
Approved by Reg Fee Committee 

by Alec Nedelmaa Fees." 
Auociate News EdItor Activity Fund Use 

The Advisory Committee on SAFSG funds were delineated to 
Student Fee Programs last week be used in the following ways: 
approved in principle a new set of "1. (Funds) Shall be expended 
guidelines for the Student exclusively for programs and 
Activities Fee Support Group purposes which are of beneficial 
(SAFSG) so that they may begin interest to the student body. 
the process of allocating funds to ' 2. May not be expended for 
the stUdent organizations. programs or purposes in violation 
According to advisory committee of the law. 

co~hair ' Rick Whitehill, the 3. May not be used, directly or 
"committee reserved the right to indirecUy, for partisan political or 
suggest amendments to the religious purposes. 
guidelines given detailed study. 4. Shall be subject to normal 
Such amenda~ions must be made University business and ac-
within the two week period before counting practices and procedures. 
the scheduled Nov. 11 approval of 5. Fee income may not be 
the guidelines." reallocated, transferred or utilized 

A Conference Committee on th~ for purposes differing from the 
Campus Activity Fee, chaired by approved allocation without the 
Bert Lee, was charged two weeks prior consent of the coordinator of 
ago to draw up these new the (SAFSG) ... or the Student 
guidelines and according to their Organizations Advisor:' 
report, to "restore communication The Conference Committee 
and cooperation of SAFSG v~a-vis described in its report the com-
the Advisory Committee on position of the SAFSG, and added 
Student Fee Programs." . that to improve the future fiscal 

The Conference Committee efficiency of SAFSG and the 
consisted of four members of the overall coordination of student 

SAF~, two from the advisor:>' monies, " one designate of the 
comnuttee, and two ex-«ficlo Communications Board one rep~ntati,-:es of the S~udent designate of the Campus P;ogram 
AffalI'S division. In submitting its Board, the Student Organizations 
guideline recommendations for Advisor, and one designate of the" 
approval by the advisol'y com- advisory committee will attend 
mittee, the Conference Committee SAFSG meeting as ex-officio non-
also recommended that " regard- voting members. These meetings 
less of the outcome of the u~ shall always be open with the 
coming Referendum on Student exception of meetings held to 
Governance, the guidelines be consider personnel matters. 
adopted by the official student kow to Ask for Money 
goveTDment for the future In calling for organizations to 
allocation of Campus Activities submit their budget requests, the 

new guidelines direct SAFSG to 
notify all registered stUdent 
organizations via mail by the fifth 
week of each quarter when and 
where budget requests are to be 
submitted. 

The SAFSG is to utilize all 
available forms of campus media 
to publicize the _quarterly 
allocation hearings. These 
hearings, which are to take.. place 
five weeks prior to the Student 
Cooperative Union (SCU) budget 
approval deadline, are mandatory 
for all student organizations. 

At this mandatory meeting 
organizations will be presented 
with budget forms ,and letters of 
agreement to be signed by official 
designates of the requesting 
organization. In addition, 
organizations will be instructed 
that all programs or events funded 
by SAFSG which utilize contracts, 
tickets, or University facilities 
shall be coordinated with the 
campus calendar and be approved 
by the Arts and Lectures office. 

What to Fund 
The Conference Committee 

presented general guidelines to be 
used.by the SAFSG in considering 
programs for annual and quarterly 
appropriations. The SAFSG shall 
consider: 

1. " wideness of appeal;" 
2. " cultural and educational 

value;" 
3. " service of benefit to 

students; " 
4. " activities directed primarily 

at the campus." 

A Political Reporter Treks 
Through Election 76 Mazes 

The elections came right down to 
the wire Tuesday night as Is 
eoldenced by these weary sup· 
porters, [IT PhotOl: Bill Brooks) 

by Dorothy HOUlton 
Staff Reporter 

"These people are so HYPER over this facade of lies and 
promises! " Student Center Election Central. Is everybody 
hyperactive because of the elections or is it that the political science 
students are discovering how well (and thus their grades) they had 
predicted the vote in their assigned states? 

But some just sit - some look bored - some just stare right through 
the commercials on the four TV sets placed about the red,white and 
blue student l~e in the student center for the election party. _ 

WHAP! The Carter people smashed bugs on the walls. Matters are 
going so well on the BLACK AND WHITE that diversions are possible. 
I remind them that Carter is for the environment and that includes 
bugs. " Hey come back for a peanut butter sandwich at our victory 
party!" Right. OK. Right. 

The. Ford camp isn't so jubilant. My CARTER-MONDALE sticker is 
ripped off my back and moved down to a lower place on my body. No 
invitation for food later at a victory party. 

Back in the lounge. The noise swells. TA Witajewski likes the din. " It 
is an indication that things are going well." OK, fine, but you can't 
hear the TVs unless you are lucky enough to get one of the valuable 
seats riglt in front of one. 

" How about giving the Triton Times a comment on what you think of 
this evening?" 

" No comment." 
" Hey c'mon anything, I'Uprint it." 
"It's FUCKED!" 
" No comment." It was safe to scribble that down. 
The bodies are producing a lot of heat. The sweat trickles down from 

mr. ann pits. 
'This event is an altruistic cop-out." 

Altruistic ... altruistic ... I oughtto know that one. Hl'unph. 
Carter takes Pennsylvania. Pandemonium breaks 0 t. Student run 

to Building C for food. 
"I'm uneasy about Carter's foreign policy and (eyeballing my 

sticker) why did you vote for Carter?" 
"Because he said he'd look at the ~lobal n\H''-'' ..... !!til. • . 

environmentally aware and hey I'M aSking the questions !" 
"What are you, some sort of environmental freak?" 
" I SAID I'M ASKING TIlE QUESTIONS, and I'm an 

vironroentalist without the freak part." 
"I voted for McCarthy. I think the two party ystem is WRONG !" 

Coatlnued on Pale S 



,.. 

Pro: Budget Necessitate~ T As 
Teaching assistants are needed and will continue to be necessary under 

present fmancial conditions. 
Since many classes are taught in large l~cture halls (often over :!do 

students), it is necessary for a student to have at least one chance per 
week to meet in a small group in which he knows the other members, plus 
the teacher, on a more personal basis. 

In such an atmosphere, much fruitful diScussion cap be held and 
students' questions can be answered in a more relaxed manner. Also, 
many students who are too shy to speak up in a large lecture hall feel 
much more at ease in a small section meeting. 

It is most probably true, that a small section group of students will 
benefit much more by meeting with a professor with years of experience, 
than with a TA who is only a graduate student. It would be quite desirable 
for all classes to meet as seminars (of no more than twenty students 
each) all the time, with a full Ph.D. faculty member every day. 

However, there is not enough money in the U.C. budget to provide full 
faculty on such a lavish scale. AlSo, many (but by no means all) TAs are 
quite effective in their teaching skills and relate to students quite well. In . 
the present financial conditions, the current faculty· TA system is the best 
available. Only with an improved budget could there be improved 

methods.~eff FentAln 

Pro: "Communications Gap" Developing 
Between Professors, Teaching Assistants 

Have you ever asked your TA or tutor what 
material you should read for the next lecture or 
about solving a math problem and received a 
greatly depreciated $3.76 an hour answer? 

Well, fellow students, you're not alone. The 
declining efficiencY of our TAs and tutors to solve 
problems and answer questions faster than our 
lectures create, is becoming a growing complaint of 
the educational system at UCSD. 

According to the general criteria, the question 

Letters to the Editor 

arises, who is to blame: The TAs or the lecturers? 
Are the lecturers creating more problems not 
communicating with TAs and students regarding 
the goa~ they aim to attain, or is today's TA im· 
properly organized and trained? 

The reason why is not precisely clear but the 
more I look into it, the less it perceives to be the 
fault of our TAs. Empirically, an obvious com· 
munications gap is developing between professors 
andTAs. 

Professors assume that TA knows when they are 
going to change their schedule, in which different 
reading material is to be covered. An example of 
this occurred in a humanities class. According to a 
reading outline, Hobbes and Pascal were to be ~d 
before Racine. The professor lectured on Racme 
and the T As assigned a contrast paper on Hobbes 
and Pascal. At the Humanities Lab, the students 
prepared an analysis of Hobbes and P~cal to help 
the construction of their upcoming paper. The TAs 
weren't sure what to cover due to the fact that half 
of the students had read the wrong material. 

Of course, not always is a TA prepared to solve a 
. student's problem Recently, a young lady ex· 

pressed her concern to be about how her tutors 
couldn't solve a math problem without using a 
higher level of math that they insisted she must use. 
In other words, using the easy way out instead of reo 
studying and in turn explaining the material. The 
material was not understood. 

Basically, we 're dealing with two different 
problems which operate at various independent 
levels, neither of which is insolvable when con-
sidered in an actualhed manner .• Bill MacKenzie. 

A Modest Proposal for Equality 
To Messrs. Hinton and Roy: It is true . All men 

(nay, persons) are created equal. ~.ere is an 
inherent unfairness, then, in the divldin~ of the 
planet into arbitrary plots, of the reasonmg that 
"this is my grounct that is yours, and you ain't 
settin' foot over ttJs ere line." 

Yet this is prec . .sely the stand of fascist America. 
Gone, it seems, u e the days of idealism, the Give 
me your tired, :.rour poor, your huddled masses 
yearning to breathe free ... " co aptly quoted by Mr. 
Hinton. 

The most important freedom is the freedom to be 
an American, ill/·gal or otherwise. We, the overfed, 
the privileged, we have denied this right to far too 
many people m'lr~ly because, as Mr. Roy points 
out, " of the plaCE of their birth." 

, Mr. Hinton, in the same vein (although admitting 
to a possible degree of naivete about the whole ugly 
matter) wonders why in the world " an American 
deserves more freedom than a Latin American ... " 
After all, "anybody who visits America ought to 
have the same rights as an American." 

Clearly, something must be Clone about this state 
of inequity. Lettcr·writmg and protest will ac-
complish littl ; there must be a tion. The obvlou. 
first step is to grant all persons who set foot within 

the borders of this country the full rights of a 
citizen. 

U all unfairness is to be flushed from the world, 
however, we must allow no discrimination what· 
soever against those people who did not have the 
good fortune to be born on American soil. 

Forcing someone to travel all the way from 
Argentina, say, is just as unfair as denying them 
entrance at the border. The obvious, indeed, the 
only, solution is to Insure that aU people are born on 

- American soil. 
There would presumably be some increase In 

American military e](penditures, but this would 
only be temporary, with thoughUul people the world 
over realizing that they, too, could become 
Americans, that there was nothing really to flgla 
about; that if they would just put down their guns, 
Sears-Roebuck was dying to sell them a brand-new 
refrigerator from their new local outlet. 

My vision clouds over as I write this; the Image of 
old Glory flying proudly in all the capitals fA the 
world makes me weep with altruistic joy. It is this 
that must become the duty, the sacred crusade of 
America . 

TIlE BARRY CARLTON 
COUECTIVE 

Questioning ~h·e Value of T As 
.... t year Dr. Avrum Stroll, faculty a .. lataut to tile Vlee-ebueellor of 

Academic Mlaln, stated In an interview wltb the Trito. TImet (Ja.lary 
D, U7t), tbat " ••. It Ia maeb more deslnble for UDdefll'l1duatel tAl be 
eJlposed tAl faculty memben titan to teacbing ..... taBu." 

TAl: Are tIIey reaDy aeeeuary? 

Pro: T As Help to Improve 
the . :Envir.onment for Learning 

There are people. to your left and to your right. Even though the room ls 
huge, it is hot and stuffy. There are people in front of you and people 
behind you. Each o~, an Image of the other, silently scribbling in a 
notebook on a tiny little desk. One hundred n'ine people, plus you, shoulder 
to shoulder, busily scribbling in notebooks on tiny little deSks in a huge, 
hot, stuffy room. 

In the distance, at the front of the room, a small solitary figure makes 
strange white marks on a large green board. And one hundred and ten of 
you passively copy them in the notebooks. The figure accompanies his 
marks with a faint, monotonous drone which you strain to hear. And the 
few intelligible words which materialize out of the drone you write in the 
notebook next to the st.rllnf1P m"rlr .. 

You are being exposed to a University of California faculty member. 
This is the apex of learning, the most desirable and sought after 0p-
portunity in the world. The Vice Chancellor told you (and !l thousand 
others) this himself, just yesterday. You are being educated! 

• 
One hundred and ten students for each faculty member· this was the 

actual ratio in UCSD's lower division <;lasses during Fall Quarter, 1975. 
Over 75% of the classes had more than 2S stu~ents; almost 1/3 had 100 or 
more students. 

Many students were exposed to UCSD's distinguished faculty memo 
bers but few were permitted enough individual contact to learn anything 
fro~ them. For many of the lower division students during the Fall 
Quarter survival depended on learning from competent graduate 
teaching assistants who met with them on an individual basis or in small 
sections. 

Without such TA's, the undergraduate students would have been left 
with only the hideous " environment for learning" provided by being 
exposed to faculty Il4Ilmbers in huge lecture halls. The situation is the 
same today; it will be the same for long into the future due to two realities 
of life in a research oriented institution. ' . 

First the cost of providing a sufficient number of faculty members to 
lower dlass sizes is prohibitive. Second, the current faculty is hired for its 
grant.getting (and spending) ability, and is committed to research. Only 
grudgingly will they sacrifice a few hours a week to teach e!en one course 
per quarter. 

As long as this continues, probably forever, the undergraduate contact 
with faculty members will be primarily formal and of iittle use to eit~r. 
If learning is to occur in addition, there must be small group meetings 
where students can discuss things freely, can ask questions and have 
them answered, and' can receive individual attention. TIle only 
economical way to provide this opportunity is for the University to em· 
ploy adequate numbers of competent and well-trained teaching 
assistants. 

Teaching assistants are indispensable if UCSD is to be more than a 
certificate factory.-DonStrebel 

Next PRO/CON: Abortion 
Abortion is a topic which never quite fades from the scene. We now 

leave this topiC in your hands. Is abortion moral? Should the issue be 
decided by the public? When does life really begin? What about the 
woman's rights to have control of her own body? 

In other words : 
Abortion: Pro or Con? 

The Pro/Con column is written by the UCSD conununity. Each week 
a topic will be submitted for your consideration. We ask that you 
submit your responses in writing by next .Friday at 3 p.m. 
Representative samples of your opinions will be published the 
following week. 

Submissions should be typed and double-spaced, on a 74-space line. 
They should not exceed 1-1/2 pages in length . 

The PE Credit Controversy: 
And All That Jazz Dances On 

Here it is. My long awaited 
second letter to the Triton Times 
about the one unit jazz dance class. 
Perhaps you are right and PE 
classes sho\11d not be given credit. 
In that case I would hope that the 
jazz class be moved over to the fine 

arts department (where It should 
be). 

Traditionally, at least as far a8 I 
know, dance classes have been 
offered with the PE department. It 
is not the fault of the jazz dance 
class that It has been lumped Into 
this vast program of no credit 
limbo. It is my opinion that some 

credit should be given to all classes 
offered at the university (even 
volleyball). -

There is some merit in being 
physically fit. 

It is my opinion that you, dear 
Editor, should come to our PE 
class. I'm sure it would improve 
your posture. and appearance. 
Perhaps you've been studying 
calculus too long. Making up a new 
dance and sharing it might make 
eVen you courageous enough to 
think of a new theory and share it 
with people. 

It is apparent to me that you 
copied my style fA sarcalm In your 
retort. Perhaps Y9\1 need a place to 
take a creative stand, a place 
where people will appreciate your 
efforts at being aesthetically 
pleasing as opposed to being 
another Einstein. You.. have no 
hesitation to print your viewlin the 
paper. I wonder If you have the 
"wbat It takea" to print this letter. 
I realize that your next retort will 
probably demolish me or try to, 80 
this is the' last letter on the subject 
that I intend to write. 

See you in the gym. 
OONNADAY 

Friday. Nowmber I, .. triton time8 

Lawyer Raph LevensOffers 
.Students Legal Councelling 

I Clarification I 
Through a misunderstanding 

between librarian Lauren Brown 
and Triton Times reporters, the TT 
erroneously reported Oct. 18 that 
members of the Mormon religion 
"have attempted to eradicate 
certain passages from some old 
books which they believe harmful 
to their faith." 

by M.C. Brien 
StaHWriter 

Raph . Levens, director of 
Campus Legal Services, offers 
students the opportunity to beat the 
high cost of today's legal fees by 
utilizing the free counselling 
services his office offers. Along 
with Levens, Mary Virga, ad-
ministrative assistant, and Pat" 
Coughran, legal intern,· Legal 
Servicea.offers abnost every type 
of legal ald to students and student 
organizaUons. 

Raph Leuens. 

Clients can seek Levens' aid for 
such diversified reasons as land-
lord/tenant relations, quesUons 
about marriage and _ divorce, 
residency · hassles, and 
discrimination problems. Levens 
also helps arrested students, and 

_ when caDed he will get them out of 
jail, usually without having to post 
bail. 

Those wanting legal aid may 
either drop in at the Legal Services 
office, located in Building B, or 
may phone Ext. 4374 for an a~ 
pointment. "I'm very ac~ible," 
says Levens. He advises students 
to consult him if they forsee a legal 
difficulty, because the earlier a 
problem is dealth with. the easier it 
is to solve. 

According to Levens, since he_ 

triton times 
David Elsen· Exec"'I .. Idltor 

Mam Stadler - M .... glno editor 

Alan Russell - NewaedHor 

Alec Nedelman • A .. oclet. N_edltor 

Vera Todorov - Community edllor 

Ran Anbar - OpInion editor f 
James G . SolO - Advertising Menag. 

Becky DeVinney · Production men-uer 

became the director in 1973, the 
number of students seeking legal 
aid has increased "significantly". 
Levens does not find this increase 
overbearing, however, and adds 
that he finds his job interesting. He 
also admitted, "Almost every 
other lawyer I know wants my 
job:" 

EI Cortez._ 

This is in fact not true . The 
Triton Times regrets any em· 
barrassment this might have 
caused to those of the Mormon 
faith 

returns was confusing, with a three ring circus of NBC; CBS and ABC 
monitors. You tried to keep the electoral count and popular vote in 
mind, but each network had different vote counts. Rumors spread 
around the noor that Carter had been declared the winner at several 
times during the evening. 

By the time that Carter made his victory speech, the crowd had 
thinned considerably. There was no brawl; the Ford supporters, like 
their candidate, had decided long before then to go to bed. The victory 
speech itself seemed anticllmacUc; once Carter was over. the top, 
nothing else seemed to matter. Even Amy Carter, First Kid, couldn't 
keep from yawning and rubbing her eyes during her father's speech . 

Around three o'clock the huge International Room was almost 
empty. The workers had started rolling up the red, white and blue 
bunting and sweeping up the smashed plastic cups. It was a rather 
quiet ending for the blggeit poliUcal party of the year. 

Election '76 ... 
" lsn't that a waste of your vote? What about voting for the lesser of 

two evils? Wouldn't that have been using your head more? " 
"Nope." 
"Oh you voted for your heart?" 
"Yep." Heart or brain, one or the other. 
Carter takes Texas. Pandemonium breaks out. A Jack·in-the Box 

commercial pops on. Pandemonium breaks out. 
. Republican (Pol. Sci.) prof Saloma shakes the hand of a Carter 
group. "Congratulations," he says. His cold sweat was warming a 
little. 

The students are tired. The event becomes anti-climactic. 
" Time to go to bed," says Saloma as he closes up. The room is quiet. 

The room is a mess. The whole thing is all over. Rats I ... I missed my 
Dromised oeanut butter sandwich. 

The Trkon Times Is published by UCSD students as an official student newspaper. 
Publ ication Is on Mondays . Wednesdays and Fridays during the regular school year 
(except on official holidays). Editorial and business olllce. are located In the Student 
Center at the University of Califomla. San Diego . For adltorlal. calt 452·3466: lor business 
and display 8cNertlslng , call 452-3468. 

Leiters to the ed itor and opinion columns are welcomed. All Autwtl lsslons must be typed 
and double-spaced on a 74·space .Ine. Thev sho-uld not eXCeed 1-1 /2 Dages In lengtn ~ 

Submitted material must bear the name and student loentll'Calto;;numDer of the autho< . 
Names can be withheld from publication on request ; however the names will be held on file 
for publ ic Inspection . 

The Triton Times reserves the right to edit submissions because of space limitations or 
style requirements. 

entire contlints copyright 1976. the Trlto,! TI,?,S. 

An Important Discussio,? 

Hidden Roots 
of the ' 

Fiscal Crisis 
Hoyt.ber 10,4 pm 
1'1Iird College Lecture Hall 1m 1 04 

Wldilldl' Ellnllg II 118 .In.IIIIII 

TAMAS UIOAR, Planlsl 
IO~ember 10 8Dm 

POII-EIICIIOI Conclrt SDICIII 
.1 011 01 III IICkll1 

wllh mIlliOn or 1111111101 01 Id 

f-----~~~:~-..~:;~·;~-::;:i~--·l 
I ' f 
, ; 
i } 
! I 
f ~ 
, i 
,. , 

f J ( , 
( J 
, 
: 

! Gus Giordano 
I Jazz Dance Co. l' 
: lo,embe, 12 8:30 pm ' 
1 •• ndaIlI18IudllOrlum ! 
, SIU. 12.50. 8.1. '4.50 ; 

Joel C. Oon - Auocl.te New. editor 
l nelcets: uC'San DIttO Box Office 452-4559 i 

.1i!I_ -_--11_ .. -----------------_ .. ~ ...... ~ .... -.................. ~.~ ............. ~~ ..... ~~" .............. ~ 
Scott Sadll - Sport. editor 

Tim MacKenzie · Art. editor ~ 
Bill Brooks· Pholo editor 

BEST 
MANDARIN 

CUISINE 
D9IIMtR HOURS, 

_ .... 5-1t 
....... 5-11 

I"~" UCS1) STUVelI' tv 

AMPlE PARKING 
4&t-M42 

snl LaJolla.I.cI . 

CPR Presents 

Swiss Clown! Mime 
NOIIember 6 8:!0 p. 

III_lIft",. Audttorlu ... 
Stud_t. 11.50 Gn.,., Ad ...... '_ '4.50 

nc .... : UC S- D ... o 80x O/Ifce 40-4,u9 

CPO Presents 

Don Mclean 



.. 

triton time8 

Helicon Seen 
In New Light 

by Reed Alpert 
In the past, HeUcOD has been the 

UCSD poetry journal, a quiet 
publii:atlon. However, Muir 
sophomore Stepbi Welsburd sees 
the journal as a potential 
representation of the campus as a 
whole. 

According to Weisburd, HeUeeD 
has " not been very popular 
because people don't know about 
it." The journal should, "address 
itself more to the people on cam-
pus. She wants to extend the 
journal to include not only poetry, 
but also short stores, essays, line 
drawings and photographs. 

She would like to see HeHeea 
reflect some sort of peer CO~ 
sciousness of the seventies. "There 
are a lot of things that make us a 
very unique generation," she says. 
" I won 't accept that apathy keeps 
us together." 

The deadline for s ubmissions is 
November 12. All work should 
have the person's name, address, 
phone nwnber, and campus af-
filiation (student, staff, faculty, 

_ etc.) on each sheet or the back of 
artwork and photographs. Send 
them through intercampus mail, 
c/o HeHcoD, COO5. The publication 
date is the beginning of winter 
quarter. 

LADIES AND· 
GENTLEMEN ... 

GINO VANNELLI! 
The Gist Of The Gemini 

A Gino Vannelli concert is in the 
stars for you. As Gino stars nightly 

on his latest album from A&M. 

LP's Now Only 

$3.69 NOW ON TOUR see him in ooncert 
Sunday, November 7th TapesNowOlliy 

$4.99 U C~rD - in the gym 11 
19768M 

Sounds best on ~ 

on sale now at: 
Licorice Pizza 
BalboaMesa 
5667 Balboa Ave. 
• 1 .. lboI . 1III Gen_ 

& 
Licorice Pizza 
Pacific Beach 
1321 Garnet Ave . 
(714) 270-5150 

FrIday, Nevemilerl, ml 

tim mackenzie · 

Station 
To 

Station 
There can be no question about It. It's that irresIstable reggae beat that 

is making reggae the most popular "new" music to emerge in many 
years. Along with Bob Marley" the Wallers, Jimmy Cliff and a couple 
others, Toots & the Maytals have been a major exporter of the Jamalcall 
sound. At their Tuesday nig~ perfonnance at the La P.loma Theatre, 
Toots " the Maytals had the audience OIl its feet and dancing to the 
uniquely exciting, infectious music. 

Despite my general lack of knowledge concerning reggae, I was sur-
prised at the difference between the ml!8ic of Toots and that of Bob 
Marley. Obviously there is no~truth to the myth that if you've 'seen one 
Rastafarian you've seen them all. Conspiciously absent from Toots & the 
Maytals perfonnance was the socio-poUtical dredge that is such a part of 
Bob Marley's music . 

In fact, the whole look of Toots and Co. was quite un-Rastafaria n. 
Unless, of course, Levi Strauss opened a leisure suit factory in Jamaica. 
With their pastel shirts and Pulsar watches, they hardly looked like 
musicians from the teaming ghettos of Kingston. More likely than not, it 
was a conscious effort on the part of the' band to ease the cultural gap 
between performer and audience. Toots & the Maytals probably have 
never seen so many white faces in a crowd. 

Cosmetics aside, though, Toots " the Maytals perfonned an 
exhila rating, uplifting set, climaxed by their big hit " Reggae GofSoul" 
The band was excellent, providing the steady reggae beat song after 
song. Yet it remained for the main man, Toots Hibbert, to generate the 
excitement. He handled the vocals and danced around the stage 
tirelessly, exhorting the audience to 'join in the reggae experience, The 
energy level was indeed amazing. But why do you think they call him 
Toots? ' 

• • • • • 

Keith Richard has been fined $165 for sever al minor traffic violations, 
stemming from his May auto accident. The new issue of RoWng Stone 
magazine reports that he also asked for a trial by jury for charges that he 
possessed LSD, cocaine and cannabis at the time . 

Richard arr ived at the hearing in Newport-Pagnell, 50 miles west of 
London, 21h hours late. He explained that a laundry "error" had left him 
trouserless, but magistrate Margaret Dunbride was not appeased. She 
said it appeared quite extraordinary that a man of Richard's s tature 
should have only one pair of trousers. A u:ial date has not been set. 

•• • 

Stevie Wonder's new album, "Songs In The Key Of LIfe," debuted at no. 
1 in the Billboard and Cashbox charts and at number 2 in Reconl World. 
Rolling Stooe reports it sold an estimated million units in the first week, 
bumping Peter Frampton's live album out of the no. 1 in both BOlboani 
and casbbox. But Frampton couldn't be too unhappy. His LP just went 
over the 5 million mark-that's 4.5 million more ~ any of his others-
have sold. 

Frlda1. NovelDber l.lJ7I triton time8 

Record ReViews 

Brian Ferry Reheats Roxy Music 
by 'l1IeodDre Barke 

Slaff Writer 
Good SiqID', Good playtD' 

Grand Funk (MCA 
It appears that Grand Funk 

hoped that the title of this albIUD 
would, In some pe"erted sense 01 
psychological warfare, sway even 
their barshest critics into the camp 
of those who think that the 'Boys 
From Flint MIchigan' aren't bad at 
all. Someone, thollih, should read 
them the truth In advertising laws. 
Despite the fact that Frank Zappa 
produced the altJwn and that the 
sound mix Is the cleanest that Funk 
has ever bad (much more al)-
proprlate than Todd Rundgren's 
knee jerk sound console wizardry), , 
this still remains the group 
progressive rock factions love to 
hate . 
Zappa's one guitar solo on "Out To 
Get Ya" offers some teclmical 
excitement over tedious rhythms, 
but even that wears then rapidly. 
Save your money and buy a guitar. 
F. 
Let 's Stick Togetber - Bryan 
Ferry (Atlantic) 

What Lou Reed and the Velvet 
Underground manage to do for 
New York streetlife Bryan Ferry's 
Roxy Mus,ic managed to do for the 
British aristocracy and general 
upper class. Ferry, Roxy singer 
and primary songwriter, focused 
his songs on the theory that the rich 
ha~e problems too (albei~ unique to 
thell" pillowed environs) and with a 
Fitzgeraldlan attitude told tales of 
isolation, anxiety, ennui, and other 
matters resulting from too much 
free time. Though Roxy's music 
was hardly original in itself -in fact, 
it was pilfered from classic rock 
styles - Ferry and the crew 
managed to revitalize the 
borrowings with an elan and 
mannefed stylization that tran-
scended the inherant cliche value. 
In general, Roxy was a creation of 
artifacts Infused with an adult 
sensibility; music not of teeny 
JlUbes, but of older fans ascending 
into middle class values faster 
than they anticipated. Roxy was 
attractive because it attracted 
aging rock intellectuals, yet 
remained fresh with its perception. 
The music rocked, but with the 
studied caution of someone bet-
ween ag~ brack~. 

Sunday, NoftmMr .M. 
CIVIC THEATRE, 202 "c" STREET 

TICKETS: AOVUQ UU A .• - .IIKI Of rt:RF. $l.M 
AI" • _ It -, ... ,.;.. . 

Ski ,blot. _ ricII·,. I . I ""'lot _. 

It Makes 
~ - Cents 

To San on All 'o.r 
In", Mud. at 

Village 
Beauty Supply 

Jher i Redd ing 
Milk 'n' Honey Beauty Ber 

Only $1 .19 
Vitami n E Soops-Musk Oil 
Herbol Scent, Nector of Peach 
only 99( Neutrogena (plus 
Rainboth 9 

Roxy Music has broken up, at bar strictures, but are lifeless, witli 
least temporarily, and Ferry is Ferry camping over the words like 
concentrating on a solo recording a lovesick Valentino. The slow 
career. Let'. Stick Togetlaer, is his numbers, including re-
third release (the first two : My arrangements of past Roxy Songs, 
Favorite 'I'IWIp. and Aaotller far better. Ferry's phrasing, 
Time. Allother Place, were vulnerable and resonant, with a 
released while Roxy was still a hint of fragile vibrato, works well 
functioning unit). It Is, in a word, here, evoking a sort of dire Sinatra, 
'dry. It seems that Ferry feels that alcholic romanticism. Still, these 
he's reached his limit as an In- versions lack the intensity of the 
novator, and that product for it's originals, proving a good per-
own sake is now permissible. fonnance cannot necessarily be 
More's the pity. ,jLet's Stick replicated, just because the singer 
Together", the Wilbur Harrison remains the same. In all, Let's 
song that became caMed Heat's Stick Together is depressingly void 
theme of Woodstock Utopianism, is of appeJll. If lie dives into the 
here tranafered Into a boogie love murk head first, he negates 
song. The arrangements retain the whatever good reviews he's ae-
vestiges of canned Heat's twelve crued. C. 

~PB Presents 
Friday ~ Saturday FilIIts 
PETER BOGDANOVlCH'S 
BRILLIANT PICTURE SHOW 
THAr INTRODUCED AMERICA 
TO THE FORGOTI'EN SO'S 

"Last Picture Show" 
Friday November 5 
7:00 pm - 9:30 pm 
VSB2722 

COLUMBIA PICTURES 
Presents 
.. BBS PRODUCTION 

!lIE 
LAn' 

Wlp. .. m .. ;a;·lJRIllII .... 
IIIDW 
A Film By , 

PETER BOGDANOVICH 

S1.25 

and 
SGturday November 6 

Lost in the Stars 
7:30 pm - 9:30pm 
VSB2722 
51 

"Lost in The Stars ," a musical based 
on Alan Paton 's "Cry the beloved 
country ," is a poignant drama of 
race relations in South Africa and 
the conflict of good and evil in the 
modern world . Directed by Daniel 
Mann and Starring Melba Moore 
and Brock Peters , 

THE WORLD'S FAVORITE BED-TIME STORY IS 
FINALLY A BED-TIME STORY .. . 

Now 
Playing! 

STARRING PlAVBOV'S COVER GIAL KRISTINE DE IELL 
WITH LARRV GELMAN' ALLAN NOVAK ' TERI HALL 
AND JASON WIlUAMS. ITAA OF "FLESH GORDON" 

DiReCTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY .IOSEPH BARDO 
L YAICI AND MUSIC IV .ucKY IEAALU 

ARRANGED AND CONDUCTED IY JACK IT!ARN at 'ETEA IIA TZ 
ABIOCIAT! PRODUCEft JASON WlLLIAMI 

PROOUCED IY WILLIAM OICO· DIRECTED IY IUD TOWNSEND 

~ PlUI Co-HItI 

PageS 

--



triton time8 Frida)" Nevllllber I, 1m 

Women's ield HockeyLoses Tritons 'Topple sec 
-Despite E cellent Playing SOCcer ·Team Earns 2nd Place 

by Dave CelIe! 
StdWrHer 
u(~ID'. field hockey team suf-

fered • tough loa to i}roumont 
Tueeday, bowing by • score of ~ 
in • game in wblch the Tritons 
appeared to dominate the action. 

The game started as if the 
Tritons might run away with it. , 
1be offense, led by Amy Cheshire, 
playing with typical abandon, and 
co-c:aptain Robin Ballinger, had 
several IICOring opportunities, all 

~, the 0.1878 

The biggest ~eklction 
anywhere, In the most 
colors and si.!es, We've 
got it. All in cne place. 
Ours . Fall int;> the Gap 
today. , 

.aCONVOY 
MISSION VALLEY 

stopped by excellent Groamont 
goaltending. 

But the pace slackened 
significantly as the heat of the day 
took Its toll. 1be Triton offense, 
playing withou~ co-c:aptain Camille 
Cacas, who was out with an injury 
suffered in Monday's contest, 
slowed down considerably, It still 
looked as if they had the _a~ 
vantage, but Grossmont 
capitalized on an in-bound pass 
from UC's endline. 1bey rammed 
a shot off the- goal post but got the . 
rebound into the open net as goalie 
Kathy Connors was out of position 
trying to block the initial shot. 
There was no further scoring in the 

. first half. 

by Seott SadD 
~EdJtor 

Rebounillllgfrom last week's two 
straight road defeats, the UCSD 
soccer team returned to Muir Field 
Wednesday and outplayed 
Southern California College, 2-1, 

Needing a victory Wednesday 
afternoon in order to remain in the 
playoff picture, U<SD played well 
enough to win, and no better. 

AB has been their fasblon this 
year, the Tritons played a very 
spotty game - at Urnes loc*ing like 
a skilled and controlled soccer 

of the nets just out of the reach of 
tbesec goalie. 

Minutes later, UCSD was given a 
gift goal. An sec fullback, after 
intercepting a headed pass from 
Gonzales intended for Allen Cox. 
tried to push the ball to his goalie, 
but, instead, put it into the goal. 
Cox was credited with the Triton 
goal. 

Midway through' the first half 
sec gained their lone score of the 
game on a breakaway goal. 

For the remainder of this and the 
second half, UCSD controlled most 
of the action, but was plagued by 
inconsistent play. With only two or 
three good soccer players, sec 
never mounted much of an attack. 
Many times the TrItons moved the 
ball down the field, only to miss 
their shots. Just as often, their play 
was hurried and uncontrolled. 

Both teams had opportunities in 
the second ' half. Melba DoBose 
brought the ball right down to the 
Grossmont goal, but the goalie 
made the kick save. GrossmOnt 
then ~ a shot at an open net, 
the ball going wide of the goal. 

Unfortunately Grossmont got too 
many chances for a score. On one 
occasion they got three straight 
comer shots resulting in shots on 
the goal, but the UC defense held. 
Then, on a fast-breaking play·, 
Grossmdnt brought the ball down 
and, with a crowd in front of the 
net, drove the ball in to make it ~. 
That's where it stayed as the two 
teams played scoreless ball for the 
remaining ten minutes, 

Doug Youngdale dribbles the ball past see player. [IT photo: Chris 

"We work the ball down the field 
and get a good shot," said Rot~' 
muller after the game, explaining 
his team's play, "but just because Sherman] 

qualifying the Tritons for post-
season competition. 

Despite the two quick Grossmont' 
tallies, the Tritons appeared to 
control the game. The offense is 
generating the plays but the goais 
just aren't coming. They've faced 
excellent goalies this year, but, as 
the offense gets stronger and 
Camille Cacas returns, they are 
bound to put it all together. 

• The victory gave UCSD a second 
place finish in the four-team 
Huthern section in District ID of 
the NAJA Monday. The Tritons will 
meet LA Baptist College, the 
second place team in the northern 
section of District III, to determine 
the fourtb member of the playoff 
group that includes the league 
champions from the two sections of 
District III and the Southern 
California Intercollegiate Con-
ference. 

UCSD was defeated by LA 
Baptist in (jne of the Tritons away-
game losses last week. The site of 
their next game has not yet been 
determined. 

Photographic Supplies 

Discount Darkroom · 
Supplies Pri c.es 

Expert Service Quality Equipment 

Bob Davis ('anH~ra Shop 
; ;1; Fa\ • I a .Julia 1.'.'1· ; I ") ') 

MACitiNE5 

~ 
--:Q-

==- t o" 

UCSD STudENTS 
-SAVE MONEY, TiME, PARkiNG SpACE-

Buy OR RENT 
CAMPUS CoMMUTERS 

AvAiLAblE AT 

.... o-PEO 
r- 'UY/IIENT ~<' ~ 

CiA 0 

• 
Fox i 

• 
J AWA 

2226 A .. nIda cit La PIa,1 
La Jolla Shore. 

1 0. .. ·6p. T ... cIay thr. Su .. , 
CItt ... Mo_, 454·"12 

team; at other times appearing to 
be a sloppy, disorganized group of 
individuals. 

"I see better talent on this team 
than on any other team in our 
league," said U<SD coach, Ilan 
Rothmuller, before the game. "We 
should walk through a team like 
Southern California College." ' 

The Tritons opened the game 
playing as if they would have no 
trouble with their opponents. 
UCSD workOO the ball for several 
good shots in the first ten minutes . 
of the contest and scored on an 
unassisted goal by Alfonso Gon-
zales. Gonzales dribbled the ball to 
the left of the goal, spun around 
and left his defender, then deftly 
kicked the ball into the far comer 
l·"··~··-· ........... ·~··~··-··-·-...... l 

I~MMUNITYI 
, LD<?~~ 

~ 327 F Street , 
~ PAYS DONORS t I r';r ServiQe ! 
I Mon. - Frl. . , 
, . 233-5481 : t 
, 234-4601 , • • 
.. ~ ....................... ~.~.-.......... --' 

- we don't score, we decide we have 
to do something different. We 
refuse to keep playing good s0c-
cer." 

sec took -advantage of UCSO's 
poorer moments, but Triton goalie, 
Hans Landell, handled the rest of 
the visitor's shots. 

The Tritons had several scoring 
chances in the last ten minutes of 
the game, but the sec goalie came 
up with nwnerous fine saves. 

Looking ahead to the playoffs, 
U<SD obviously has the talent to 
do well. The offense, led by Glu)o 
zales, Cox. and Jairo Marin, has 
high-goal potential. The defense, 
anchored by RU8S Crane, AI 
Turken, and Warren Jacons, is 
solid. With L8ndell in the goal, the 
Tritons go with an inexperienced 
performer, one prone to 
positioning mistakes, but who has 
shown marked Improvement in the 
last few games. 

Whether or not UCSD wins any 
playoff games will depend, as 
usual, on whether or DOt the team 
perfonns up to its potential. "The 
most disappointing part of this 
season," says Rothmuller, "is that 
we rarely play up to our 
capabilities.' , 

The Tritons travel south of the 
border tomorrow to play Tijuana 
Tech in a playoff tune-up match. 

TOPS· 
and 

BOTTOMS 
We've got you covered! 

at 
The 

2226 Avenida de La Playa 
La Jolla Shores 

454·9112 
Open 10·6 Tue • ., til ... s...-, 
Juniors and Misses 

Blouses· Skirts ··Jeans • Shirts 
Jumpsuits· Pantsuits 

Etc. 

YRAvd 
Ski the Best • Ski Aspen . 6 days lilts, 
lOdging, breakfasts for $200. Call Larry 453· 
1969(11/10) 

EUROPE. ISRAEL. AFRICA 
student Charter flights yt. round. ISCA 1609 
WestwOOd Blvd . • ,03 l.A. 90024 213/826-
5669 (12/6) 
BOOK NOW ON CAMPUSI New Yorl< & 
Europe flights , PSA reseN.tlons CIEE 
Studenl Travel $eNIces, open Mon .. Wed., 
Frl. 12·4 pm. Call 452-0630 (12/6) 

Full $eNid Tr ... 1 Agency. All carriers. In-
cluding chartarsl American Youth Hostel. 
cards ."allele. Gall Beryel 01 Sam III NT 
452·1981, NO SERVICE CHA~GE! (12/8) 

SCIENCE 
OF MIND 

come and hear 
Guest Speaker 

Dorothy Garbett 
on 

"Science of Mind 
in the Christ Spirit" 

This Sunday 1 0:450 

. 

WANTEd 
I 

Desperately need a recelpl from the 
bOOkstore for 516 .50 within the last two 
weeks, Please helpl Terry 452·2452. (11/8) 

Pre·Law students Interested In start ing Irl-
formal club meet IhlS Mon. Nov, 8 et 2:00 
p.m. 105 Matthews. l"!lal Advisor Tom Hull 
(Academic Affairs) will aid In discussion of 
Law School Conference (TUM .); possibilities 
for future speakers, trips, workshops ; LSAT 
preparation. Iegallissue8 and currlcufum. 
(11110) • 

Persons with big and small heads for Alpha 
wave study pro ..... that your EEG Isn'l fial with 
a copy of It Also need subjects over 50 and 
under 16 yrs. Contact Basic Science Bldg, 
3045 stud ies _ry Tues. (11110) 

FOR SALE 
Soundeslgn 8·track tap ... player, Afmost 
brand·new. 525.00 Rick 453.()785 or 453-6785 

(~1/8) 

Lanser Speakers 2 way S30 eo Superscope 
Casette Ok sao Maranlz Power Amp: 60 Watts 
p/ch $175 Phone: 755-7326, asl< for Ron or 
Steve. (11 18) :to 

Peavey 400 PA·412 H speakers, 8 channel. 
re ..... rb, antl·feedback . Band breaking up, 
$800 or off . 481'()367 (11/8) 

Antique Persian painting Oaja periOd call 
455.()27~ morns. (11/12) 

Surlboard - 7'10" rounded pintail, excellent 
condition . Ideal beginners board 453-nI8 
(11/8) 

Mens 10 speed with extras 5120 Janel 454. 
4857 (11110) 
Needed Cash? Mold of a shrunken head 
Mattel 's Creeple Set. 459-1479 (11/12) 

. For Sale: Like new toaster; ladles clothes· 
dresses. casual slJoes; pots & pans, 
household misc. Call 453-4658. (11/1 5) 

ItOUSiNG 
I male needed to share 2 bdrm apt at Del Mar 
Beach Club starts wlnler quarter 75&-6914 
(11/12) 

Renl room In house In ClalrBmont. Mixed 
group looking for nonsmoking female. 279-
6478 evenings (11/ 12) 

Roommate wanted for 4 bdrm, Cardlfl house 
$100 month available now. 753·7621 . 
Married couple needs studio or cottage or 
place over. garage to renl Immed. $150 max. 
459-5<167 Ref's avai l. 

,. roomales wanted: 2 In 3 br 2 ba apl w I pool. 
2 In 3 br house w/vw. All 10 mlns away $100 
ea plus utll . 292·0213 (11/5) 

1 BR. apt.. fum lshed. available during 
Christmas breaJ(overlooka ocean In Mission 

, Beach. 488-6326 (ask for Terry)(I1/5) 
Need F housemale Dec. beautiful apt. In W 
unf. own huge rm $135 mo. Pool , sauna, ne" 
UCSO. Erlca453-1890(11/12) 

La Jolla Woodlands condo musl sail: 
$49.500. 2 bdrm. 21/2 bo. Garage. call 488-
1104 or 755-5733 a"er6:00 (11 18) 

• SERVICES 
Typlng·IBM selectric theMa, dlaMrta1lons. 
. 1c, experienced, reasonable. Mrs. Old a 455-
0127 . (12 /6) 
ACAUEMIC RESEARCH PAPERS . 
ThouMnd8 on fll • . Send $1.00 for your 1 a2-, 

. pege. mllli order cala1og. 11322 kIIIlo A .... , 
'208H, Loa AngeIea, calif . 90025 (213) 477-
&174 . (12/8) 

triton time8 

SEX-less oriented ad great Christmas Idea 
old time Sepia por1~alts avoid holiday rum 
Stefan 755·2179 (11/5) 
WOMANCARE: Self·help clinic, abortion 
prenatal. annual exams 1050 Garnet P.B. 488· 
7591 (12/6) 
The Book Coop Is alive and well and open 1.1-
FlO 8.m . • 3 p.m . Located near the Revelle 
Lounges, (11 /1 0) 
lOSE unwanted pounds & Inches. Easy way 
to lose weight and keep II off I Call Lynn 481· 
8290 (12181 
Typing • Marilyn would like 10 fullill your 
typing needs - expert ; reasonable , has an 
IBM . Call 565·7060. (11/8) 

PERSONAL 
Meditation on " 1.11. Shasta- . 11 11 up on your 
sould Inlo lhe love Slar. Friday ElYenlng 730 
pm USB 3050 A R_lIe. Free to al by Alpha 
and Omega, 755-0816(11 15) 

Explore your past lives . At pasl lives 
regression seminar Nov. 6 & 7 contact . 
Denise Clark 583-5763 (11 / 5) 
SAF Hearings will beheld on M&W (lhe8th & 
10th) from 10-" am and 4-6 pm. Call X4450 
for an appt . or more Info. All student 
organizations desiring funding Ihrough the 
Coop have 10 make an appt. (11/10) 

Joyce·Happy 21 stl Now prepare for the best 
weekend ever .. . 10ve ... YKW 

Caren , How aboul a lacuzzl aller the game 
Friday ijlght. F. 

-caren . P.S. Don 't forget to bring your bathing 
suit. L 

Caren, P.S. Better yet , why don't YOlJ forget 
your b!thlng suit. 0 , 

Caren, In fact. don'l come unless you forget 
It. W, 

Little Rhino ., : Happy Boday- • day early! 
Hope lis fun I Luv. other Rh ino (llece) 

Jeremy - Brfng me a lullaby and all I have Is 
yours· L 

, 

Will the carter supporter with whom I 
discussed lhe vacully of American Pollllcs 
early TU93 _nlng In The Student Center 
please drOp line to Box 938 La Jolla 920377 

Davle·poo, Glad to see yOu walk ing tall. All 
our love. Makam . 

FILM FANS; Last chance 10 see premieres . 
famous filmmakers In·person I Info: 264-
3837 . 

Listen 10 me on KSOT (540 am) tonlghl and 
you' lI have my answer. 

Harloon • Wuv you· look out antlsemltes -
Melknee 

STUART • besl of fuck on Sat! You know 
we're all bahtnd you· Love, Peg . PS Wlnt to 
go to LA th is wkend? 

Mu ir College is excepllng nomlnallons for 
who's who In American colleges & Unl_-
sltles. for applications & addit ional Info. 
contact lhe Mulrdeans office. (11/8) 

Bob - Thank you for us . « was goOd while It 
lasted. You will always hi .. a spjlClal port of 
my heart. 

Anita · TaU care of him, he Is a very special 
person I 

Ouspensky /Gurdjleff esoteric achool now 
accepting students, 223-8554. 

Eccentric poople and curious booka Ane 
booka boul1lt and eold. Ex Llb riS Bookatore 
In Sol.,. Beech. 75~7323 . 

Spanish tutoring by experienced InstruClor . 
("'" Dt m·5284. 

Pap" 

~ ' ------~--~------------------~_~JI 

nJW llit' . ,. 
• ONEGSHABBAT 

DINNER 
ISRAELI FOOD and POT l,UCK 

DANCING, SINGING, SERVICES 
fRIDAY , NOV. S, 6: ]0 'M, NOlfH CONfERINCE ROOM 

Falafel, I$rtul, Salad, C ar/11 1m and TurkIsh Coif" 
PO TLUCK; Bnng you r /auoritr Israel, DISh or Disse~ 

XEROX COPIES 
NO MINIMUM .. 

IEARNY MESA 3 cents with Student ID 
8333 Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
Phone 560-9082 

r-------·----·---·-·-·-------·--··------··--·-·-----, 
~Pacific Pre-Law conferencel' 
i November 9, 1976 , 
, Revelle Plaza ~ 
I -t -i 1-4:30 pm 
f 'nterested in Law Scltoo'? Especially if you are a 
t sopllomor. or jun;or, tlte pre-'aw conference witt give I you an opportunity to m •• t witlt repr.sentatives of 40 l 
i to 50 law Scltools_ All Ca'ifornia Scltools, and many l i Eastern Scltoo's suelt as Harvard, Columbia, and {{ l Georg.town will b. ira aH.ndance. 
i Pr.-Iaw students interested in starting informa' club ',' m •• t tltis Mon . Nov. 8 at 2:00 lOS MaNIt.ws. L.ga' I advisor Tom ' Hull [Acad.mic Affairs) will aid in 
, discuss;on of Law Sclloo' Conference [Tues.); ( 
( possibi'ities for future sp.alrers, trips, worbltops; LSA T t 
( prep.moil, 1.,aI issues and curriculUM. ( 
L, ....................................... ~ ............ ~-~ .............. ~." ........ ~ ....... ........,..J 

PROTECTION 
Where (jons Lurk 

A Discussion on Christian Science Given By 

Harvey 
w. 

Wood 

SUIJECT MAnER WILL INCLUDE: 
-God viewed II I ont and onl, Mind in In .ntirely mental 

_er.l. 
-Man'. natiYI control over iniurious mental influencll_ 
-How. Chri.ti. Scientist recognhes (this) divine poWlr in 

...,11 & pIIy.icGI heali", • 
Y QUESTIONS AIOUT CHRISTIAN SCIENCE WILL BE ADDRESSE 
RING THE QUESTION & ANSWER SESSION. " 

12:00 NOON 
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 9th 

in the Revelle Community Lenter 
(right next to the Sundry Store) -

Free Admission 
Sponsored by the Christian Science Organization 

, 



nOy.lI-IS .' 
THE ORIGinAL 

guaranteed, to make your feet Imllal 
. 

. SlnGLES.S6.001 - ". 
T-SHIRTS $it951 . . 

1261 Prospect "Ave. #2 , 
ACROSS FROM mE otARTHOUSE RESTAURANT 


